A Clinical Update on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) traditionally refers to abnormal glucose tolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM has long been associated with obstetric and neonatal complications primarily relating to higher infant birthweight and is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for future maternal and offspring cardiometabolic disease. The prevalence of GDM continues to rise internationally due to epidemiological factors including the increase in background rates of obesity in women of reproductive age and rising maternal age and the implementation of the revised International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' criteria and diagnostic procedures for GDM. The current lack of international consensus for the diagnosis of GDM reflects its complex historical evolution and pragmatic antenatal resource considerations given GDM is now 1 of the most common complications of pregnancy. Regardless, the contemporary clinical approach to GDM should be informed not only by its short-term complications but also by its longer term prognosis. Recent data demonstrate the effect of early in utero exposure to maternal hyperglycemia, with evidence for fetal overgrowth present prior to the traditional diagnosis of GDM from 24 weeks' gestation, as well as the durable adverse impact of maternal hyperglycemia on child and adolescent metabolism. The major contribution of GDM to the global epidemic of intergenerational cardiometabolic disease highlights the importance of identifying GDM as an early risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, broadening the prevailing clinical approach to address longer term maternal and offspring complications following a diagnosis of GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus - A metabolic and reproductive disorder.; Maternal health associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) has been gaining significant research attention due to its severe risk and adverse health effects. GDM is the leading health disease in pregnant women. It is the most common metabolic disease and it can affect up to 25% of women during pregnancy. Pregnancy is a sensitive period that impacts both pregnant women and their unborn children's long-term health. It is a well-known fact that the leading causes of disease and mortality worldwide are diabetes mellitus and cancer, and specifically, women with diabetes mellitus are at a higher risk of developing breast cancer (BC). Women who have diabetes are equally vulnerable to reproductive diseases. Reproductive dysfunctions with diabetes are mainly attributed to coexisting polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), obesity, and hyperinsulinemia, etc. Moreover, India has long been recognized as the world's diabetic capital, and it is widely acknowledged that particularly pregnant and lactating women are among the most affected by diabetes. In India, one-third (33%) of women with GDM had a history of maternal diabetes. Nevertheless, the latest research suggests that gestational diabetes is also a risk factor for cardiometabolic diseases of the mother and offspring. Therefore, in the 21st century, GDM imposes a major challenge for healthcare professionals. We intend to explore the role of diabetes on female reproductive function throughout various stages of life in the perspective of the changing prognosis, prevalence, and prevention of GDM.
Pregnancy and cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease complicates 1-4% of pregnancies - with a higher prevalence when including hypertensive disorders - and is the leading cause of maternal death. In women with known cardiovascular pathology, such as congenital heart disease, timely counselling is possible and the outcome is fairly good. By contrast, maternal mortality is high in women with acquired heart disease that presents during pregnancy (such as acute coronary syndrome or aortic dissection). Worryingly, the prevalence of acquired cardiovascular disease during pregnancy is rising as older maternal age, obesity, diabetes mellitus and hypertension become more common in the pregnant population. Management of cardiovascular disease in pregnancy is challenging owing to the unique maternal physiology, characterized by profound changes to multiple organ systems. The presence of the fetus compounds the situation because both the cardiometabolic disease and its management might adversely affect the fetus. Equally, avoiding essential treatment because of potential fetal harm risks a poor outcome for both mother and child. In this Review, we examine how the physiological adaptations during pregnancy can provoke cardiometabolic complications or exacerbate existing cardiometabolic disease and, conversely, how cardiometabolic disease can compromise the adaptations to pregnancy and their intended purpose: the development and growth of the fetus.
Pregestational Diabetes and Congenital Heart Defects.; Studies have consistently shown a significant increase in the risk of congenital heart defects in the offspring of diabetic mothers compared with those of nondiabetic pregnancies. Evidence points that all types of pregestational diabetes have the capacity of generating cardiac malformations in a more accentuated manner than in gestational diabetes, and there seems to be an increased risk for all congenital heart defects phenotypes in the presence of maternal diabetes. Currently, the application of some therapies is under study in an attempt to reduce the risks inherent to diabetic pregnancies; however, it has not yet been possible to fully prove their effectiveness. The present review aims to better understand the mechanisms that govern the association between pregestational diabetes and congenital heart defects and how maternal diabetes interferes with fetal cardiac development, as there is still a long way to go in the investigation of this complex process.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Implications across the Life Span.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has historically been perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy that also serves as a harbinger of maternal risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the future. In recent decades, a growing body of evidence has detailed additional lifelong implications that extend beyond T2DM, including an elevated risk of ultimately developing cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, the risk factors that mediate this lifetime cardiovascular risk are evident not only after delivery but are present even before the pregnancy in which GDM is first diagnosed. The concept thus emerging from these data is that the diagnosis of GDM enables the identification of women who are already on an enhanced track of cardiometabolic risk that starts early in life. Studies of the offspring of pregnancies complicated by diabetes now suggest that the earliest underpinnings of this cardiometabolic risk profile may be determined in utero and may first manifest clinically in childhood. Accordingly, from this perspective, GDM is now seen as a chronic metabolic disorder that holds implications across the life span of both mother and child.
Maternal Obesity and Diabetes Mellitus as Risk Factors for Congenital Heart Disease in the Offspring.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common anatomical malformation occurring live-born infants and an increasing cause of morbidity and mortality across the lifespan and throughout the world. Population-based observations have long described associations between maternal cardiometabolic disorders and the risk of CHD in the offspring. Here we review the epidemiological evidence and clinical observations relating maternal obesity and diabetes mellitus to the risk of CHD offspring with particular attention to mechanistic models of maternal-fetal risk transmission and first trimester disturbances of fetal cardiac development. A deeper understanding of maternal risk factors holds the potential to improve both prenatal detection of CHD by identifying at-risk pregnancies, along with primary prevention of disease by improving preconception and prenatal treatment of at-risk mothers.
Predictive and diagnostic biomarkers for gestational diabetes and its associated metabolic and cardiovascular diseases.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as the presence of high blood glucose levels with the onset, or detected for the first time during pregnancy, as a result of increased insulin resistance. GDM may be induced by dysregulation of pancreatic β-cell function and/or by alteration of secreted gestational hormones and peptides related with glucose homeostasis. It may affect one out of five pregnancies, leading to perinatal morbidity and adverse neonatal outcomes, and high risk of chronic metabolic and cardiovascular injuries in both mother and offspring. Currently, GDM diagnosis is based on evaluation of glucose homeostasis at late stages of pregnancy, but increased age and body-weight, and familiar or previous occurrence of GDM, may conditionate this criteria. In addition, an earlier and more specific detection of GDM with associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk could improve GDM development and outcomes. In this sense, 1st-2nd trimester-released biomarkers found in maternal plasma including adipose tissue-derived factors such as adiponectin, visfatin, omentin-1, fatty acid-binding protein-4 and retinol binding-protein-4 have shown correlations with GDM development. Moreover, placenta-related factors such as sex hormone-binding globulin, afamin, fetuin-A, fibroblast growth factors-21/23, ficolin-3 and follistatin, or specific micro-RNAs may participate in GDM progression and be useful for its recognition. Finally, urine-excreted metabolites such as those related with serotonin system, non-polar amino-acids and ketone bodies, may complete a predictive or early-diagnostic panel of biomarkers for GDM.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus with overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To quantify the risk of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases as well as venous thromboembolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analyses. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library from inception to 1 November 2021 and updated on 26 May 2022. REVIEW METHODS: Observational studies reporting the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and incident cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases were eligible. Data, pooled by random effects models, are presented as risk ratios (95% confidence intervals). Certainty of evidence was appraised by the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations. RESULTS: 15 studies rated as moderate or serious risk of bias were included. Of 513 324 women with gestational diabetes mellitus, 9507 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Of more than eight million control women without gestational diabetes, 78 895 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Compared with women without gestational diabetes mellitus, women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus showed a 45% increased risk of overall cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases (risk ratio 1.45, 95% confidence interval 1.36 to 1.53), 72% for cardiovascular diseases (1.72, 1.40 to 2.11), and 40% for cerebrovascular diseases (1.40, 1.29 to 1.51). Women with gestational diabetes mellitus showed increased risks of incident coronary artery diseases (1.40, 1.18 to 1.65), myocardial infarction (1.74, 1.37 to 2.20), heart failure (1.62, 1.29 to 2.05), angina pectoris (2.27, 1.79 to 2.87), cardiovascular procedures (1.87, 1.34 to 2.62), stroke (1.45, 1.29 to 1.63), and ischaemic stroke (1.49, 1.29 to 1.71). The risk of venous thromboembolism was observed to increase by 28% in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (1.28, 1.13 to 1.46). Subgroup analyses of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease outcomes stratified by study characteristics and adjustments showed significant differences by region (P=0.078), study design (P=0.02), source of data (P=0.005), and study quality (P=0.04), adjustment for smoking (P=0.03), body mass index (P=0.01), and socioeconomic status (P=0.006), and comorbidities (P=0.05). The risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases was, however, attenuated but remained significant when restricted to women who did not develop subsequent overt diabetes (all gestational diabetes mellitus: 1.45, 1.33 to 1.59, gestational diabetes mellitus without subsequent diabetes: 1.09, 1.06 to 1.13). Certainty of evidence was judged as low or very low quality. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risks of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases that cannot be solely attributed to conventional cardiovascular risk factors or subsequent diabetes.
Diabetes during Pregnancy: A Maternal Disease Complicating the Course of Pregnancy with Long-Term Deleterious Effects on the Offspring. A Clinical Review.; In spite of the huge progress in the treatment of diabetes mellitus, we are still in the situation that both pregestational (PGDM) and gestational diabetes (GDM) impose an additional risk to the embryo, fetus, and course of pregnancy. PGDM may increase the rate of congenital malformations, especially cardiac, nervous system, musculoskeletal system, and limbs. PGDM may interfere with fetal growth, often causing macrosomia, but in the presence of severe maternal complications, especially nephropathy, it may inhibit fetal growth. PGDM may also induce a variety of perinatal complications such as stillbirth and perinatal death, cardiomyopathy, respiratory morbidity, and perinatal asphyxia. GDM that generally develops in the second half of pregnancy induces similar but generally less severe complications. Their severity is higher with earlier onset of GDM and inversely correlated with the degree of glycemic control. Early initiation of GDM might even cause some increase in the rate of congenital malformations. Both PGDM and GDM may cause various motor and behavioral neurodevelopmental problems, including an increased incidence of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Most complications are reduced in incidence and severity with the improvement in diabetic control. Mechanisms of diabetic-induced damage in pregnancy are related to maternal and fetal hyperglycemia, enhanced oxidative stress, epigenetic changes, and other, less defined, pathogenic mechanisms.
Association of Maternal Prepregnancy Diabetes and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Congenital Anomalies of the Newborn.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of maternal prepregnancy diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 12 subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We included 29,211,974 live births with maternal age ranging from 18 to 49 years old documented in the National Vital Statistics System in the U.S. from 2011 to 2018. Information on prepregnancy diabetes, GDM, and congenital anomalies was retrieved from birth certificates. Log-binomial regression was used to estimate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs for congenital anomalies overall and by subtypes. RESULTS: Of the 29,211,974 live births, there were 90,061 infants who had congenital anomalies identified at birth. The adjusted RRs of congenital anomalies at birth were 2.44 (95% CI 2.33-2.55) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.28 (95% CI 1.24-1.31) for GDM. The associations were generally consistent across subgroups by maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy obesity status, and infant sex. For specific subtypes of congenital anomalies, maternal prepregnancy diabetes or GDM was associated with an increased risk of most subtypes. For example, the adjusted RRs of cyanotic congenital heart disease were 4.61 (95% CI 4.28-4.96) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.50 (95% CI 1.43-1.58) for GDM; the adjusted RRs of hypospadias were 1.88 (95% CI 1.67-2.12) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.29 (95% CI 1.21-1.36) for GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Prepregnancy diabetes and, to a lesser extent, GDM were associated with several subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. These findings suggest potential benefits of preconception counseling in women with preexisting diabetes or at risk for GDM for the prevention of congenital anomalies.
Effect of maternal diabetes on fetal heart function on echocardiography: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes in pregnancy is associated with structural anomalies of the fetal heart, as well as hypertrophy and functional impairment. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to estimate the effect of maternal diabetes on fetal cardiac function as measured by prenatal echocardiography. METHODS: We performed a search of the EMBASE, PubMed and The Cochrane Library databases, from inception to 4 July 2019, for studies evaluating fetal cardiac function using echocardiography in pregnancies affected by diabetes compared with uncomplicated pregnancies. Outcome measures were cardiac hypertrophy and diastolic, systolic and overall cardiac function as assessed by various ultrasound parameters. The quality of the studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Data on interventricular septal (IVS) thickness, myocardial performance index (MPI) and E/A ratio were pooled for the meta-analysis using random-effects models. For pregnancies with diabetes, results were reported overall and according to whether diabetes was pregestational (PDM) or gestational (GDM). Results were also stratified according to the trimester in which fetal cardiac assessment was performed. RESULTS: Thirty-nine studies were included, comprising data for 2276 controls and 1925 women with pregnancy affected by diabetes mellitus (DM). Of these, 1120 had GDM, 671 had PDM and in 134 cases diabetes type was not specified. Fetal cardiac hypertrophy was more prevalent in diabetic pregnancies than in non-diabetic controls in 21/26 studies, and impaired diastolic function was observed in diabetic pregnancies in 22/28 studies. The association between DM and systolic function was inconsistent, with 10/25 studies reporting no difference between cases and controls, although more recent studies measuring cardiac deformation, i.e. strain, did show decreased systolic function in diabetic pregnancies. Of the studies measuring overall fetal cardiac function, the majority (14/21) found significant impairment in diabetic pregnancies. Results were similar when stratified according to GDM or PDM. These effects were already present in the first trimester, but were most profound in the third trimester. Meta-analysis of studies performed in the third trimester showed, compared with controls, increased IVS thickness in both PDM (mean difference, 0.75 mm (95% CI, 0.56-0.94 mm)) and GDM (mean difference, 0.65 mm (95% CI, 0.39-0.91 mm)) pregnancies, decreased E/A ratio in PDM pregnancies (mean difference, -0.09 (95% CI, -0.15 to -0.03)), no difference in E/A ratio in GDM pregnancies (mean difference, -0.01 (95% CI, -0.02 to 0.01)) and no difference in MPI in either PDM (mean difference, 0.04 (95% CI, -0.01 to 0.09)) or GDM (mean difference, 0.03 (95% CI, -0.01 to 0.06)) pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this review show that maternal diabetes is associated with fetal cardiac hypertrophy, diastolic dysfunction and overall impaired myocardial performance on prenatal ultrasound, irrespective of whether diabetes is pregestational or gestational. Further studies are needed to demonstrate the relationship with long-term outcomes. © 2020 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Interaction between Metformin, Folate and Vitamin B(12) and the Potential Impact on Fetal Growth and Long-Term Metabolic Health in Diabetic Pregnancies.; Metformin is the first-line treatment for many people with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) to maintain glycaemic control. Recent evidence suggests metformin can cross the placenta during pregnancy, thereby exposing the fetus to high concentrations of metformin and potentially restricting placental and fetal growth. Offspring exposed to metformin during gestation are at increased risk of being born small for gestational age (SGA) and show signs of 'catch up' growth and obesity during childhood which increases their risk of future cardiometabolic diseases. The mechanisms by which metformin impacts on the fetal growth and long-term health of the offspring remain to be established. Metformin is associated with maternal vitamin B(12) deficiency and antifolate like activity. Vitamin B(12) and folate balance is vital for one carbon metabolism, which is essential for DNA methylation and purine/pyrimidine synthesis of nucleic acids. Folate:vitamin B(12) imbalance induced by metformin may lead to genomic instability and aberrant gene expression, thus promoting fetal programming. Mitochondrial aerobic respiration may also be affected, thereby inhibiting placental and fetal growth, and suppressing mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) activity for cellular nutrient transport. Vitamin supplementation, before or during metformin treatment in pregnancy, could be a promising strategy to improve maternal vitamin B(12) and folate levels and reduce the incidence of SGA births and childhood obesity. Heterogeneous diagnostic and screening criteria for GDM and the transient nature of nutrient biomarkers have led to inconsistencies in clinical study designs to investigate the effects of metformin on folate:vitamin B(12) balance and child development. As rates of diabetes in pregnancy continue to escalate, more women are likely to be prescribed metformin; thus, it is of paramount importance to improve our understanding of metformin's transgenerational effects to develop prophylactic strategies for the prevention of adverse fetal outcomes.
Diabetes in Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: This guideline reviews the evidence relating to the diagnosis and obstetrical management of diabetes in pregnancy. OUTCOMES: The outcomes evaluated were short- and long-term maternal outcomes, including preeclampsia, Caesarean section, future diabetes, and other cardiovascular complications, and fetal outcomes, including congenital anomalies, stillbirth, macrosomia, birth trauma, hypoglycemia, and long-term effects. EVIDENCE: Published literature was retrieved through searches of PubMed and the Cochrane Library using appropriate controlled vocabulary (MeSH terms "diabetes" and "pregnancy"). Where appropriate, results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized control trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date limits, but results were limited to English or French language materials. VALUES: The quality of evidence was rated using the criteria described in the Report of the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care (Table 1). SUMMARY STATEMENTS: Recommendations It is recognized that the use of different diagnostic thresholds for the "preferred" and "alternative" strategies could cause confusion in certain settings. Despite this, the committee has identified the importance of remaining aligned with the current Canadian Diabetes Association 2013 guidelines as being a priority. It is thus recommended that each care centre strategically align with 1 of the 2 strategies and implement protocols to ensure consistent and uniform reporting of test results.
A randomized clinical trial of exercise during pregnancy to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus and improve pregnancy outcome in overweight and obese pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Obesity and being overweight are becoming epidemic, and indeed, the proportion of such women of reproductive age has increased in recent times. Being overweight or obese prior to pregnancy is a risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus, and increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcome for both mothers and their offspring. Furthermore, the combination of gestational diabetes mellitus with obesity/overweight status may increase the risk of adverse pregnancy outcome attributable to either factor alone. Regular exercise has the potential to reduce the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus and can be used during pregnancy; however, its efficacy remain controversial. At present, most exercise training interventions are implemented on Caucasian women and in the second trimester, and there is a paucity of studies focusing on overweight/obese pregnant women. OBJECTIVE: We sought to test the efficacy of regular exercise in early pregnancy to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese overweight/obese pregnant women. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective randomized clinical trial in which nonsmoking women age >18 years with a singleton pregnancy who met the criteria for overweight/obese status (body mass index 24≤28 kg/m(2)) and had an uncomplicated pregnancy at <12(+6) weeks of gestation were randomly allocated to either exercise or a control group. Patients did not have contraindications to physical activity. Patients allocated to the exercise group were assigned to exercise 3 times per week (at least 30 min/session with a rating of perceived exertion between 12-14) via a cycling program begun within 3 days of randomization until 37 weeks of gestation. Those in the control group continued their usual daily activities. Both groups received standard prenatal care, albeit without special dietary recommendations. The primary outcome was incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: From December 2014 through July 2016, 300 singleton women at 10 weeks' gestational age and with a mean prepregnancy body mass index of 26.78 ± 2.75 kg/m(2) were recruited. They were randomized into an exercise group (n = 150) or a control group (n = 150). In all, 39 (26.0%) and 38 (25.3%) participants were obese in each group, respectively. Women randomized to the exercise group had a significantly lower incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (22.0% vs 40.6%; P < .001). These women also had significantly less gestational weight gain by 25 gestational weeks (4.08 ± 3.02 vs 5.92 ± 2.58 kg; P < .001) and at the end of pregnancy (8.38 ± 3.65 vs 10.47 ± 3.33 kg; P < .001), and reduced insulin resistance levels (2.92 ± 1.27 vs 3.38 ± 2.00; P = .033) at 25 gestational weeks. Other secondary outcomes, including gestational weight gain between 25-36 gestational weeks (4.55 ± 2.06 vs 4.59 ± 2.31 kg; P = .9), insulin resistance levels at 36 gestational weeks (3.56 ± 1.89 vs 4.07 ± 2.33; P = .1), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (17.0% vs 19.3%; odds ratio, 0.854; 95% confidence interval, 0.434-2.683; P = .6), cesarean delivery (except for scar uterus) (29.5% vs 32.5%; odds ratio, 0.869; 95% confidence interval, 0.494-1.529; P = .6), mean gestational age at birth (39.02 ± 1.29 vs 38.89 ± 1.37 weeks' gestation; P = .5); preterm birth (2.7% vs 4.4%, odds ratio, 0.600; 95% confidence interval, 0.140-2.573; P = .5), macrosomia (defined as birthweight >4000 g) (6.3% vs 9.6%; odds ratio, 0.624; 95% confidence interval, 0.233-1.673; P = .3), and large-for-gestational-age infants (14.3% vs 22.8%; odds ratio, 0.564; 95% confidence interval, 0.284-1.121; P = .1) were also lower in the exercise group compared to the control group, but without significant difference. However, infants born to women following the exercise intervention had a significantly lower birthweight compared with those born to women allocated to the control group (3345.27 ± 397.07 vs 3457.46 ± 446.00 g; P = .049). CONCLUSION: Cycling exercise initiated early in pregnancy and performed at least 30 minutes, 3 times per week, is associated with a significant reduction in the frequency of gestational diabetes mellitus in overweight/obese pregnant women. And this effect is very relevant to that exercise at the beginning of pregnancy decreases the gestational weight gain before the mid-second trimester. Furthermore, there was no evidence that the exercise prescribed in this study increased the risk of preterm birth or reduced the mean gestational age at birth.
Obesity in pregnancy.; The prevalence of obesity has reached alarming proportions globally, and continues to rise in both developed and developing countries. Maternal obesity has become one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetric practice. The 2003-2005 report of the Confidential Enquiries into Maternal Deaths in the United Kingdom highlighted obesity as a significant risk for maternal death [1]. More than half of all women who died from direct or indirect causes were either overweight or obese. For the mother, obesity increases the risk of obstetric complications during the antenatal, intrapartum and postnatal period, as well as contributing to technical difficulties with fetal assessment. The offspring of obese mothers also have a higher rate of perinatal morbidity and an increased risk of long-term health problems.
Platelets and endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased in recent years, along with the higher prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age. GDM is a pathology associated with vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit. GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction alters the transfer of nutrients to the foetus affecting newborns and pregnant women. Various mechanisms for this vascular dysfunction have been proposed, of which the most studied are metabolic alterations of the vascular endothelium. However, different cell types are involved in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction, including platelets. Platelets are small, enucleated cell fragments that actively take part in blood haemostasis and thrombus formation. Thus, they play crucial roles in pathologies coursing with endothelial dysfunction, such as atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes mellitus. Nevertheless, platelet function in GDM is understudied. Several reports show a potential relationship between platelet volume and mass with GDM; however, platelet roles and signaling mechanisms in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction are unclear. This review summarizes the reported findings and proposes a link among altered amount, volume, mass, reactivity, and function of platelets and placenta development, resulting in fetoplacental vascular dysfunction in GDM.
Diabetes in pregnancy.; Diabetes in pregnancy is still considered a high-risk condition for both mother and baby. Even in the best centres, malformation and mortality rates are reportedly twofold to fivefold higher than in the background population, and pregnancy planning rates remain obstinately poor. Increasing global rates of type 2 diabetes are now extending into pregnancy, with similarly poor outcomes to type 1 diabetes, and excess maternal weight is adding to the complexity of management. Over the last 5-10 years, several randomised trials have offered new insight into the role of oral hypoglycaemic drugs and insulin analogues in pregnancy, while continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) pumps and continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) are under scrutiny. The relevance of minor degrees of hyperglycaemia to adverse pregnancy outcome was clearly demonstrated by the Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study, but translation of these data into clinical practice has proved challenging because of the continuum of risk. Long-term metabolic and cardiovascular implications of hyperglycaemia during pregnancy for mother and child are now generally recognised with major implications for public health.
Does gestational diabetes mellitus increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? A Mendelian randomization study.; PURPOSE: In recent years, epidemiological studies have revealed the relationship between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). In this study, we utilized Mendelian randomization (MR) to investigate the potential causal impact of GDM on cardiovascular disease for the first time. METHODS:  We retrieved summary statistics from published genome-wide association studies. MR was first performed using significant SNPs extracted from the eighth data release of the FinnGen study. Next, a replication analysis for coronary artery disease (CAD) was conducted in another European ancestry population to validate our findings. Finally, mediation analysis was carried out to assess potential mediation effects. RESULTS: Our data analysis revealed that genetically predicted GDM was significantly associated with increased CAD risk (OR 1.10, 95% CI 1.02-1.18, p 0.006). Replication analysis confirmed a significant genetic association between GDM and CAD (OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.02-1.12, p 0.003) in another European ancestry population. Mediation analysis indicated no significant mediation effect by type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on the GDM-CAD relationship (mediation effect β [95% CI]: 0.005 [-0.003, -0.017]). CONCLUSION: Women with a prior history of GDM face an elevated risk of future CAD. This increased risk of CAD cannot be solely attributed to the subsequent onset of diabetes. Regular CAD risk assessment and primary prevention strategies are of paramount importance for women with a history of GDM.
Maternal height, gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy complications.; AIMS: To explore the glucose-overload hypothesis of artefactual gestational diabetes (GDM) diagnosis in shorter women during oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT), by investigating associations between height and maternal glycemia; and GDM and pregnancy complications in height-groups. METHODS: Women from GUSTO (n = 1100, 2009-2010) and NUH (n = 4068, 2017-2018) cohorts underwent a mid-gestation two and three time-point 75 g 2-hour OGTT, respectively. GDM-related complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, emergency cesarean section, neonatal intensive care unit admission, macrosomia, birthweight) were compared within shorter and taller groups, dichotomized by ethnic-specific median height. RESULTS: Using WHO-1999 criteria, 18.8% (GUSTO) to 22.9% (NUH) of women were diagnosed with GDM-1999; and by WHO-2013 criteria, 21.9% (NUH) had GDM-2013. Each 5-cm height increment was inversely associated with GDM-1999 (adjusted odds ratio [aOR, 95% CI] = 0.81 [0.76-0.87], 2-h glycemia (adjusted β [aβ, 95% CI] = -0.171 mmol/L [-0.208, -0.135]) and 1-h glycemia (aβ = -0.160 mmol/L [-0.207, -0.112]). The inverse association between height and 2-h glycemia was most marked in "Other" ethnicities (Eurasians/Caucasians/mixed/other Asians) and Indians, followed by Chinese, then Malays. Compared with non-GDM, GDM-1999 was associated with preterm delivery (aOR = 1.76 [1.19-2.61]) and higher birthweight (aβ = 57.16 g [20.95, 93.38]) only among taller but not shorter women. CONCLUSIONS: Only taller women had an increased odds of GDM-related pregnancy complications. An artefactual GDM diagnosis due to glucose-overload among shorter women is plausible.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk after pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects many women in pregnancy and is enhanced by epidemic conditions of obesity, increasing age at the time of the first pregnancy, stressful life conditions, a sedentary lifestyle with less physical activity and unhealthy nutrition with highly processed, high-calorie food intake. GDM does not affect the mother and offspring in pregnancy alone, as there is compelling evidence of the long-term effects of the hyperglycemic state in pregnancy postpartum. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome are more common in GDM women, and even the offspring of GDM women are reported to have higher obesity rates and a higher risk for noncommunicable diseases. Early prevention of risk factors seems to be key to overcoming the vicious cycle of cardiometabolic disease onset.
Health after pregnancy in the mother with diabetes.; Progression of retinopathy and nephropathy in women with diabetes occurs, at least temporarily, during pregnancy and postpartum. However, normotensive pregnancy seems to have no detrimental effects regarding the long-term progression of any microvascular complication. Increased risk from pregnancy induced hypertension without proteinuria and with proteinuria (pre-eclampsia) relates mainly to the association with kidney disease in diabetes, and poor glycemic control. A history of pre-eclampsia or pregnancy induced hypertension is an important prognostic factor for micro- and macro-vascular complications later in life. Data regarding the long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late complications of diabetes suggest that women with diabetes should be monitored regularly and nephroprotective treatment initiated early.
The link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: potential role of extracellular vesicles.; Extracellular vesicles are critical mediators of cell communication. They encapsulate a variety of molecular cargo such as proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids including miRNAs, lncRNAs, circular RNAs, and mRNAs, and through transfer of these molecular signals can alter the metabolic phenotype in recipient cells. Emerging studies show the important role of extracellular vesicle signaling in the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases and associated risk factors such as type 2 diabetes and obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that develops during pregnancy and increases the future risk of developing obesity, impaired glucose metabolism, and cardiovascular disease in both the mother and infant. Available evidence shows that changes in maternal metabolism and exposure to the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment can reprogram the fetal genome, leaving metabolic imprints that define life-long health and disease susceptibility. Understanding the factors that contribute to the increased susceptibility to metabolic disorders of children born to GDM mothers is critical for implementation of preventive strategies in GDM. In this review, we discuss the current literature on the fetal programming of cardiovascular diseases in GDM and the impact of extracellular vesicle (EV) signaling in epigenetic programming in cardiovascular disease, to determine the potential link between EV signaling in GDM and the development of cardiovascular disease in infants.
Effect of maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus on congenital heart diseases.; BACKGROUND: The increasing population of diabetes mellitus in adolescent girls and women of childbearing age contributes to a large number of pregnancies with maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus. Congenital heart diseases are a common adverse outcome in mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus. However, there is little systematic information between maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus and congenital heart diseases in the offspring. DATA SOURCES: Literature selection was performed in PubMed. One hundred and seven papers were cited in our review, including 36 clinical studies, 26 experimental studies, 31 reviews, eight meta-analysis articles, and six of other types. RESULTS: Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus poses a high risk of congenital heart diseases in the offspring and causes variety of phenotypes of congenital heart diseases. Factors such as persistent maternal hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, polymorphism of uncoupling protein 2, polymorphism of adiponectin gene, Notch 1 pathway, Nkx2.5 disorders, dysregulation of the hypoxia-inducible factor 1, and viral etiologies are associated with the occurrence of congenital heart diseases in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus. Treatment options including blood sugar-reducing, anti-oxidative stress drug supplements and exercise can help to prevent maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus from inducing congenital heart diseases. CONCLUSIONS: Our review contributes to a better understanding of the association between maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus and congenital heart diseases in the offspring and to a profound thought of the mechanism, preventive and therapeutic measurements of congenital heart diseases caused by maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Among Asians - A Systematic Review From a Population Health Perspective.; OBJECTIVE: Since Asians are particularly vulnerable to the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the lifecourse health implications of which are far beyond pregnancy, we aimed to summarize the literature to understand the research gaps on current GDM research among Asians. METHODS: We systematically searched the articles in PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and Scopus by 30 June 2021 with keywords applied on three topics, namely "GDM prevalence in Asians", "GDM and maternal health outcomes in Asians", and "GDM and offspring health outcomes in Asians". RESULTS: We observed that Asian women (natives and immigrants) are at the highest risk of developing GDM and subsequent progression to type 2 diabetes among all populations. Children born to GDM-complicated pregnancies had a higher risk of macrosomia and congenital anomalies (i.e. heart, kidney and urinary tract) at birth and greater adiposity later in life. CONCLUSION: This review summarized various determinants underlying the conversion between GDM and long-term health outcomes in Asian women, and it might shed light on efforts to prevent GDM and improve the lifecourse health in Asians from a public health perspective. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: Prospero, CRD42021286075.
New approaches in the diagnosis and prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy metabolic disorder in which a person with no history of hyperglycemia exhibits any degree of impaired glucose tolerance during gestation. GDM can be resolved on its own after birth, but mothers with GDM are more at risk for future problems, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. In addition, GDM can cause macrosomia in infants and obesity or even the risk of diabetes in childhood. Standard diagnostic tests for GDM are the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glucose challenge test (GCT), which is a mandatory test at 28-28 weeks of pregnancy in most countries. Disorders in various molecular mechanisms, such as hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), and nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-κB) signaling pathways are involved in GDM. Therefore, a better understanding of these mechanisms can help find new therapeutic and diagnostic strategies accordingly. In this review, we first deal with molecular mechanisms involved in GDM occurrence and then summarized the studies that hired this knowledge for early diagnosis and prognosis of GDM. Finally, we present the latest achievements in the diagnosis of GDM based on exosomes, microRNAs, glycosylated hemoglobin, and inflammatory factors detection in maternal circulation.
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease: a scoping review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of incident type 2 diabetes and has deleterious effects on other cardiovascular risk factors. However, the effect of gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease remains unclear. We conducted a scoping review of the literature to examine the association between these 2 conditions. METHODS: We systematically searched the PubMed and Embase databases for studies examining the association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We restricted our search to studies involving humans that were published in English or French. Outcomes of interest included acute coronary syndromes, angina, arrhythmia, coronary artery disease, heart failure, myocardial infarction, stroke, and composite end points with these outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 11 publications (3 cohort studies [1 published as an abstract], 2 cross-sectional studies, 1 case-control study [published as an abstract], 4 narrative reviews, and 1 editorial) met our inclusion criteria. The 2 cohort studies published as full manuscripts were conducted in overlapping populations. The included studies reported a range of adjusted relative risks for incident cardiovascular disease, from not significant to 1.85 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.21 to 2.82). Adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus attenuated the effects but with wide 95% CIs that spanned unity (range 1.13 [95% CI 0.67 to 1.89] to 1.56 [95% CI 1.00 to 2.43]). INTERPRETATION: Available data suggest that gestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, these data are limited, and evidence regarding this association independent of the increased risk due to subsequent type 2 diabetes and other risk factors for cardiovascular disease remains inconclusive.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of long-term all-cause and cardiac mortality: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: To investigate the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) without subsequent overt diabetes and long-term all-cause and cardiac mortality. METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 10,327 women (weighted population: 132,332,187) with a pregnancy history from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007 to 2018). Participants were divided into three groups (GDM alone, overt diabetes, and no diabetes). Mortality data was linked from the National Death Index up to December 31, 2019. Multivariable Cox regression analysis was performed to examine the association between GDM alone and overt diabetes with all-cause mortality and cardiac mortality. Data analysis was performed from October 2022 to April 2023. RESULTS: Among the participants, 510 (weighted 5.3%) had GDM alone and 1862 (weighted 14.1%) had overt diabetes. Over a median follow-up period of 6.7 years (69,063 person-years), there were 758 deaths. The GDM group did not show an increased risk of all-cause mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 0.67; 95% CI, 0.25-1.84), while the overt diabetes group had a significantly higher risk (HR 1.95; 95% CI, 1.62-2.35). Similarly, the GDM group did not exhibit an elevated risk of cardiac mortality (HR 1.48; 95% CI, 0.50-4.39), whereas the overt diabetes group had a significantly higher risk (HR 2.37; 95% CI, 1.69-3.32). Furthermore, sensitivity analysis focusing on women aged 50 or above showed that the HR of GDM history for all-cause mortality was 1.14 (95% CI, 0.33-3.95) and the HR for cardiac mortality was 1.74 (95% CI, 0.49-6.20). CONCLUSIONS: GDM alone was not associated with an increased risk of all-cause and cardiac mortality, while overt diabetes was significantly associated with both types of mortality.
Pregnancy-associated cardiac dysfunction and the regulatory role of microRNAs.; Many crucial cardiovascular adaptations occur in the body during pregnancy to ensure successful gestation. Maladaptation of the cardiovascular system during pregnancy can lead to complications that promote cardiac dysfunction and may lead to heart failure (HF). About 12% of pregnancy-related deaths in the USA have been attributed to HF and the detrimental effects of cardiovascular complications on the heart can be long-lasting, pre-disposing the mother to HF later in life. Indeed, cardiovascular complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and peripartum cardiomyopathy have been shown to induce cardiac metabolic dysfunction, oxidative stress, fibrosis, apoptosis, and diastolic and systolic dysfunction in the hearts of pregnant women, all of which are hallmarks of HF. The exact etiology and cardiac pathophysiology of pregnancy-related complications is not yet fully deciphered. Furthermore, diagnosis of cardiac dysfunction in pregnancy is often made only after clinical symptoms are already present, thus necessitating the need for novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. Mounting data demonstrates an altered expression of maternal circulating miRNAs during pregnancy affected by cardiovascular complications. Throughout the past decade, miRNAs have become of growing interest as modulators and biomarkers of pathophysiology, diagnosis, and prognosis in cardiac dysfunction. While the association between pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications and cardiac dysfunction or HF is becoming increasingly evident, the roles of miRNA-mediated regulation herein remain poorly understood. Therefore, this review will summarize current reports on pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications that may lead to cardiac dysfunction and HF during and after pregnancy in previously healthy women, with a focus on the pathophysiological role of miRNAs.
The risk for venous thromboembolism and cardiometabolic disorders in offspring from thrombosis-prone pedigrees.; BACKGROUND: Most family studies on venous thromboembolism (VTE) have focused on first-degree relatives. OBJECTIVES: We took a pedigree-based approach and examined the risk of VTE and cardiometabolic disorders in offspring from extended pedigrees according to the densities of VTE in pedigrees. METHODS: From the Swedish population, we identified a total of 482 185 pedigrees containing a mean of 14.2 parents, aunts/uncles, grandparents, and cousins of a core full sibship that we termed the pedigree offspring (n = 751 060). We then derived 8 empirical classes of these pedigrees based on the density of cases of VTE. The risk was determined in offspring for VTE and cardiometabolic disorders as a function of VTE density in their pedigrees. Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons was performed. RESULTS: VTE was unevenly distributed in the population; the Gini coefficient was 0.59. Higher VTE density in pedigrees was associated in the offspring with a higher risk of different VTE manifestations (deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, pregnancy-related VTE, unusual thrombosis, and superficial thrombophlebitis), thrombophilia, and lower age of first VTE event. Moreover, VTE density in pedigrees was significantly associated in the offspring with obesity, diabetes, gout, varicose veins, and arterial embolism and thrombosis (excluding brain and heart). No significant associations were observed for retinal vein occlusion, hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, coronary heart disease, myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, atrial fibrillation, heart failure, primary pulmonary hypertension, cerebral hemorrhage, aortic aneurysm, peripheral artery disease, and overall mortality. CONCLUSION: Offspring of pedigrees with a high density of VTE are disadvantaged regarding VTE manifestations and certain cardiometabolic disorders.
Pregnancy risks associated with obesity.; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of pregnant women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with numerous poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, postterm pregnancy, and increased rates of cesarean delivery. Many of these complications have been found to increase even further with increasing body mass index in a dose-response fashion. In this review, the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes is discussed as are the recommendations for caring for the obese gravida.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: taking it to heart.; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) accounts for 1/3 of all deaths to women. While much research identifies the increased risk in CVD associated with pre-diabetes measurements, there is growing interest in the role of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-a condition of glucose intolerance diagnosed during pregnancy-as a potential CVD risk factor. This article reviews existing evidence supporting this association, particularly regarding GDM and type 2 diabetes, hypertension, atherogenic dyslipedmia, and CVD events. Finally, it discusses the research and clinical ramifications of identifying GDM as a CVD risk factor, highlighting the need for more rigorous research on this topic.
Novel epigenetic link between gestational diabetes mellitus and macrosomia.; Background & objectives: Examine maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), macrosomia and DNA methylation in candidate genes IGF1, IGF2, H19, ARHGRF11, MEST, NR3C1, ADIPOQ and RETN. Materials & methods: A total of 1145 children (572 GDM cases and 573 controls) from the Tianjin GDM study, including 177 with macrosomia, had blood DNA collection at median age 5.9 (range: 3.1-10.0). We used logistic regression to screen for associations with GDM and model macrosomia on 37 CpGs, and performed mediation analysis. Results: One CpG was associated with macrosomia at false discovery rate (FDR) <0.05 (cg14428359 in MEST); two (cg19466922 in MEST and cg26263166 in IGF2) were associated at p < 0.05 but mediated 26 and 13%, respectively. Conclusion:MEST and IGF2 were previously identified for potential involvement in fetal growth and development (Trial Registration number: NCT01554358 [ClinicalTrials.gov]).
Long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective UK Biobank study.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies showed that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be a risk factor for subsequent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, there is a paucity of information regarding diverse cardiovascular outcomes in elderly women after GDM. In the current study, we examined whether women with a history of GDM have an increased risk for long-term overall cardiovascular outcomes. METHODS: Among the UK participants, we included 219,330 women aged 40 to 69 years who reported at least one live birth. The new incidence of diverse cardiovascular outcomes was compared according to GDM history by multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. In addition, causal mediation analysis was performed to examine the contribution of well-known risk factors to observed risk. RESULTS: After enrollment, 13,094 women (6.0%) developed new overall cardiovascular outcomes. Women with GDM history had an increased risk for overall cardiovascular outcomes [adjusted HR (aHR) 1.36 (95% CI 1.18-1.55)], including coronary artery disease [aHR 1.31 (1.08-1.59)], myocardial infarction [aHR 1.65 (1.27-2.15)], ischemic stroke [aHR 1.68 (1.18-2.39)], peripheral artery disease [aHR 1.69 (1.14-2.51)], heart failure [aHR 1.41 (1.06-1.87)], mitral regurgitation [aHR 2.25 (1.51-3.34)], and atrial fibrillation/flutter [aHR 1.47 (1.18-1.84)], after adjustment for age, race, BMI, smoking, early menopause, hysterectomy, prevalent disease, and medication. In mediation analysis, overt diabetes explained 23%, hypertension explained 11%, and dyslipidemia explained 10% of the association between GDM and overall cardiovascular outcome. CONCLUSIONS: GDM was associated with more diverse cardiovascular outcomes than previously considered, and conventional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia partially contributed to this relationship.
Maternal Pre-Existing Diabetes: A Non-Inherited Risk Factor for Congenital Cardiopathies.; Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common form of birth defects in humans. They occur in 9 out of 1000 live births and are defined as structural abnormalities of the heart. Understanding CHDs is difficult due to the heterogeneity of the disease and its multifactorial etiology. Advances in genomic sequencing have made it possible to identify the genetic factors involved in CHDs. However, genetic origins have only been found in a minority of CHD cases, suggesting the contribution of non-inherited (environmental) risk factors to the etiology of CHDs. Maternal pregestational diabetes is associated with a three- to five-fold increased risk of congenital cardiopathies, but the underlying molecular mechanisms are incompletely understood. According to current hypotheses, hyperglycemia is the main teratogenic agent in diabetic pregnancies. It is thought to induce cell damage, directly through genetic and epigenetic dysregulations and/or indirectly through production of reactive oxygen species (ROS). The purpose of this review is to summarize key findings on the molecular mechanisms altered in cardiac development during exposure to hyperglycemic conditions in utero. It also presents the various in vivo and in vitro techniques used to experimentally model pregestational diabetes. Finally, new approaches are suggested to broaden our understanding of the subject and develop new prevention strategies.
Pregnancy Complications Can Foreshadow Future Disease-Long-Term Outcomes of a Complicated Pregnancy.; During gestation, the maternal body should increase its activity to fulfil the demands of the developing fetus as pregnancy progresses. Each maternal organ adapts in a unique manner and at a different time during pregnancy. In an organ or system that was already vulnerable before pregnancy, the burden of pregnancy can trigger overt clinical manifestations. After delivery, symptoms usually reside; however, in time, because of the age-related metabolic and pro-atherogenic changes, they reappear. Therefore, it is believed that pregnancy acts as a medical stress test for mothers. Pregnancy complications such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus foreshadow cardiovascular disease and/or diabetes later in life. Affected women are encouraged to modify their lifestyle after birth by adjusting their diet and exercise habits. Blood pressure and plasmatic glucose level checking are recommended so that early therapeutic intervention can reduce long-term morbidity. Currently, the knowledge of the long-term consequences in women who have had pregnancy-related syndromes is still incomplete. A past obstetric history may, however, be useful in determining the risk of diseases later in life and allow timely intervention.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been linked to subsequent overall cardiovascular diseases. However, evidence on the associations of GDM with type-specific cardiovascular diseases is lacking, and findings on the potential impact of type 2 diabetes on the associations are not consistent. This study aimed to explore the associations between GDM and the risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: Data were from 12,025 women (≥20 years) who had delivered at least one live birth in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2007-2018. GDM history and type-specific cardiovascular diseases including coronary heart disease (CHD), heart failure and stroke were defined by self-report. We also combined our results with those from previously related publications on the associations between GDM and risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases with a random-effect model. RESULTS: Compared with women without GDM, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) were 1.82 (1.21-2.72) for CHD, 1.43 (0.80-2.53) for heart failure, and 1.19 (0.76-1.86) for stroke among women with a history of GDM. Type 2 diabetes was associated with 43.90, 67.44, and 63.16% of the excess odds of CHD, heart failure and stroke associated with GDM, respectively. Combining results from this study with those from previously related studies yielded odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 1.81 (1.60-2.05) for CHD (12 studies, 7,615,322 participants, I(2)= 72.6%), 1.66 (1.25-2.21) for heart failure (5 studies, 4,491,665 participants, I(2)= 88.6%), and 1.25 (1.07-1.46) for cerebrovascular disease (9 studies, 6,090,848 participants, I(2)= 77.8%). CONCLUSIONS: GDM showed stronger associations with coronary heart diseases and heart failure than cerebrovascular disease, and the excess risks are attributable, in part, to type 2 diabetes.
Maternal hyperglycemia and fetal cardiac development: Clinical impact and underlying mechanisms.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common type of birth defect and is both a significant pediatric and adult health problem, in light of a growing population of survivors. The etiology of CHD has been considered to be multifactorial with genetic and environmental factors playing important roles. The combination of advances in cardiac developmental biology, which have resulted in the elucidation of molecular pathways regulating normal cardiac morphogenesis, and genome sequencing technology have allowed the discovery of numerous genetic contributors of CHD ranging from chromosomal abnormalities to single gene variants. Conversely, mechanistic details of the contribution of environmental factors to CHD remain unknown. Maternal diabetes mellitus (matDM) is a well-established and increasingly prevalent environmental risk factor for CHD, but the underlying etiologic mechanisms by which pregestational matDM increases the vulnerability of embryos to cardiac malformations remains largely elusive. Here, we will briefly discuss the multifactorial etiology of CHD with a focus on the epidemiologic link between matDM and CHD. We will describe the animal models used to study the underlying mechanisms between matDM and CHD and review the numerous cellular and molecular pathways affected by maternal hyperglycemia in the developing heart. Last, we discuss how this increased understanding may open the door for the development of novel prevention strategies to reduce the incidence of CHD in this high-risk population.
Canadian stroke best practice consensus statement: Secondary stroke prevention during pregnancy.; The Canadian Stroke Best Practice Consensus Statement: Secondary Stroke Prevention during Pregnancy, is the first of a two-part series devoted to stroke in pregnancy. This document focuses on unique aspects of secondary stroke prevention in a woman with a prior history of stroke or transient ischemic attack who is, or is planning to become, pregnant. Although stroke is relatively rare in this cohort, several aspects of pregnancy can increase stroke risk during or immediately after pregnancy. The rationale for the development of this consensus statement is based on the premise that stroke in this group requires a specifically-tailored management approach. No other broad-based, stroke-specific guidelines or consensus statements exist currently. Underpinning the development of this document was the concept that maternal health is vital for fetal wellbeing; therefore, management decisions should be based on the confluence of two clinical considerations: (a) decisions that would be made if the patient was not pregnant and (b) decisions that would be made if the patient had not had a stroke. While empirical research in this area is limited, this consensus document is based on the best available literature and guided by expert consensus. Issues addressed in this document include general management considerations for secondary stroke prevention, the use of antithrombotics, blood pressure management, lipid management, diabetes care, and management for specific ischemic stroke etiologies in pregnancy. The focus is on maternal and fetal health while minimizing risks of a recurrent stroke, through counseling, monitoring, and the safety of select pharmacotherapy. These statements are appropriate for health care professionals across all disciplines.
The emerging role of metformin in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Metformin use during pregnancy is controversial and there is disparity in the acceptance of metformin treatment in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Australia. Despite short term maternal and neonatal safety measures, the placental transfer of metformin during GDM treatment and the absence of long-term safety data in offspring has regulators and prescribers cautious about its use. To determine the current role in GDM management, this literature review describes the physiological changes that occur in GDM and other forms of diabetes in pregnancy (DIP) and international changes in guidelines for GDM diagnosis. Management options are considered, with a focus on the evolving evidence for metformin, its mechanism of action, the maternal, foetal and neonatal outcomes associated with its use and benefit vs risk when compared with the current gold standard, insulin. Investigation reveals a favourable balance of evidence to support the safety and long-term benefits, to mother and child, of using metformin as an alternate to insulin for treatment of GDM. Recent findings of the gastrointestinal-directed action of metformin are at least as important as the hepatic effect and the availability of a novel delayed-release metformin dose form to exploit this new information provides a product and therapeutic strategy ideally suited to the use of metformin in GDM.
Care of the infant of the diabetic mother.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) from all causes of diabetes is the most common medical complication of pregnancy and is increasing in incidence, particularly as type 2 diabetes continues to increase worldwide. Despite advances in perinatal care, infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) remain at risk for a multitude of physiologic, metabolic, and congenital complications such as preterm birth, macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia and hyperviscosity, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly of the central nervous system. Overt type 1 diabetes around conception produces marked risk of embryopathy (neural tube defects, cardiac defects, caudal regression syndrome), whereas later in gestation, severe and unstable type 1 maternal diabetes carries a higher risk of intrauterine growth restriction, asphyxia, and fetal death. IDMs born to mothers with type 2 diabetes are more commonly obese (macrosomic) with milder conditions of the common problems found in IDMs. IDMs from all causes of GDM also are predisposed to later-life risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Care of the IDM neonate needs to focus on ensuring adequate cardiorespiratory adaptation at birth, possible birth injuries, maintenance of normal glucose metabolism, and close observation for polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and feeding intolerance.
Racial and Ethnic Inequities in Development of Type 2 Diabetes After Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate racial and ethnic disparities in type 2 diabetes mellitus after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to investigate baseline pregnancy clinical and social or structural characteristics as mediators. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort of individuals with GDM using linked 2009-2011 New York City birth and hospital data and 2009-2017 New York City A1c Registry data. We ascertained GDM and pregnancy characteristics from birth and hospital records. We classified type 2 diabetes as two hemoglobin A 1c test results of 6.5% or higher. We grouped pregnancy characteristics into clinical (body mass index [BMI], chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, caesarean, breastfeeding, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia) and social or structural (education, Medicaid insurance, prenatal care, and WIC [Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children] participation). We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate associations between race and ethnicity and 8-year type 2 diabetes incidence, and we tested mediation of pregnancy characteristics, additionally adjusting for age and nativity (U.S.-born vs foreign-born). RESULTS: The analytic data set included 22,338 patients with GDM. The 8-year type 2 diabetes incidence was 11.7% overall and 18.5% in Black, 16.8% in South and Southeast Asian, 14.6% in Hispanic, 5.5% in East and Central Asian, and 5.4% in White individuals with adjusted hazard ratios of 4.0 (95% CI 2.4-3.9), 2.9 (95% CI 2.4-3.3), 3.3 (95% CI 2.7-4.2), and 1.0 (95% CI 0.9-1.4) for each group compared with White individuals. Clinical and social or structural pregnancy characteristics explained 9.3% and 23.8% of Black, 31.2% and 24.7% of Hispanic, and 7.6% and 16.3% of South and Southeast Asian compared with White disparities. Associations between education, Medicaid insurance, WIC participation, and BMI and type 2 diabetes incidence were more pronounced among White than Black, Hispanic, and South and Southeast Asian individuals. CONCLUSION: Population-based racial and ethnic inequities are substantial in type 2 diabetes after GDM. Characteristics at the time of delivery partially explain disparities, creating an opportunity to intervene on life-course cardiometabolic inequities, whereas weak associations of common social or structural measures and BMI in Black, Hispanic and South and Southeast Asian individuals demonstrate the need for greater understanding of how structural racism influences postpartum cardiometabolic risk in these groups.
Effect of treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy and safety of treating pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus in comparison to usual antenatal care. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted by including randomized controlled trials comparing any form of therapeutic intervention in comparison to usual antenatal care. A literature search was conducted using electronic databases together with a hand search of relevant journals and conference proceedings. RESULTS: Ten studies involving 3,881 patients contributed to meta-analysis. Our results indicated that gestational diabetes mellitus treatment significantly reduced the risk for macrosomia (RR, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.38-0.57), large for gestational age births (RR, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.45-0.67), shoulder dystocia (RR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.23-0.77) and gestational hypertension (RR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.53-0.87) without causing any significant increase in the risk for small for gestational age babies. However, no significant difference was observed between the two groups regarding perinatal/neonatal mortality, neonatal hypoglycemia, birth trauma, preterm births, pre-eclampsia, caesarean section and labor induction. CONCLUSION: Treating GDM reduces risk for many important adverse pregnancy outcomes and its association with any harm seems unlikely.
Cardiometabolic consequences of gestational dysglycemia.; The development of gestational diabetes and even milder forms of dysglycemia during pregnancy represents a maternal phenotype at increased subsequent risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and, with time, overt cardiovascular disease. A careful and systematic dissection of the hormonal, metabolic, and vascular changes occurring in such women during pregnancy and over the postpartum years provides a unique opportunity to identify conventional and novel conditions and biomarkers whose modification may attenuate adverse long-term outcomes, particularly cardiovascular risk. The purpose of this review is to summarize current understanding of the magnitude of such risk and its potential causes, with a particular focus on postpartum alterations in endothelial and vascular smooth muscle responsiveness.
Pregnancy and neonatal outcome after bariatric surgery.; The global obesity epidemic is changing the face of maternal-fetal medicine. One in five women is obese at time of conception, and increasing numbers of parturients have undergone bariatric surgery. Recent publication of large, population-based studies and comparison studies of preoperative and post-operative pregnancies have highlighted new risks and benefits to the mother and child. Pregnancy after bariatric surgery appears to effectively reduce the risk of complications such as fetal macrosomia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; however, women who become pregnant after bariatric surgery may constitute a unique obstetric population with an increased risk for preterm and small-for-gestational-age infants. In this article, we provide an overview of the current knowledge of the impact of maternal bariatric surgery on neonatal and pregnancy outcomes.
Neonatal management of pregnancy complicated by diabetes.; Women with diabetes in pregnancy, either pre-gestational Diabetes Mellitus (Type 1 & Type 2) or Gestational Diabetes, are at increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preterm labour and increased foetal mortality rate. Adequate glycaemic control before and during pregnancy is crucial for improving foetal and perinatal outcomes in these babies. Perinatal and neonatal morbidities and mortality rates have declined since the development of specialized maternal, foetal, and neonatal care for women with diabetes and their offspring. However, infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for developing complications as macrosomia, hypoglycaemia, perinatal asphyxia, cardiac and respiratory problems, birth injuries and congenital malformations. In this review article we describe the neonatal management of the offspring of diabetic mothers.
Guideline No. 393-Diabetes in Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: This guideline reviews the evidence relating to the diagnosis and obstetrical management of diabetes in pregnancy. OUTCOMES: The outcomes evaluated were short and long-term maternal outcomes including pre-eclampsia, Caesarean section, future diabetes and other cardiovascular complications; and fetal outcomes including congenital anomalies, stillbirth, macrosomia, birth trauma, hypoglycemia and long-term effects. EVIDENCE: Published literature was retrieved through searches of PubMed and The Cochrane Library using appropriate controlled vocabulary (MeSH terms "diabetes" and "pregnancy"). Where appropriate, results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized control trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date limits but results were limited to English or French language materials. VALUES: The quality of evidence was rated using the criteria described in the Report of the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. SUMMARY STATEMENTS: RECOMMENDATIONS.
Impact of prior gestational diabetes on long-term type 2 diabetes complications.; AIMS: While women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and at a younger age, it is unknown whether T2DM following GDM is associated with worse clinical outcomes. This study aims to examine the impact of GDM on subsequent development of long-term complications of T2DM. METHODS: All women with T2DM from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), a nationally representative cross-sectional survey of US population, between 2007 and 2018 (n = 2494) were stratified into two groups: those with a history of GDM (n = 385) and those without (n = 2109). Rates of macrovascular and microvascular complications of T2DM were compared between the two groups using bivariate and multivariate analyses. RESULTS: Of 2494 participants with T2DM included in the analysis, 385 (15.4 %) had a history of GDM and 2109 (84.6 %) did not. A history of GDM was independently associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction (aOR 2.53, 95%Cl: 1.18-5.40) and likely coronary artery disease (aOR 2.15, 95 % Cl: 1.00-4.66). CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort, women with T2DM and a history of GDM had higher risk of macrovascular complications of myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease, compared to those with no history of gestational diabetes.
Cardiovascular disease in women: the significance of hypertension and gestational diabetes during pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the major killer of women around the globe. Complications during pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus, are now recognized as risk factors for future CVD. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies of diverse populations demonstrate the links between these complications of pregnancy and a woman's future risk of CVD including atherosclerosis, hypertension, stroke, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Markers that persist in these women following pregnancy continue to be identified and include microalbuminuria, proteinuria, elevated homocysteine levels, C-reactive protein, and salt sensitivity. Efforts are now being placed on establishing specialized clinics to monitor women beyond pregnancy to help reduce the burden of future disease. SUMMARY: Pregnancy offers a unique window through which women at risk of future CVD may be identified. Clinicians have an opportunity to implement health monitoring, lifestyle modifications, and other interventions during this period, and beyond, that will help reduce the burden of CVD. Research should continue to focus on identifying and understanding the mechanisms that lead to future CVD in these women; deciphering whether pregnancy unmasks an existing predisposition to disease, compounds the risk of future disease, or is the direct cause of future disease.
Women and diabetes.; Women with diabetes face unique health challenges throughout their life cycle. Health concerns begin at puberty and continue throughout the reproductive years and later stages of life. Diabetes can have a significant impact on puberty, menstruation, reproduction, and cardiovascular and bone health. All women with diabetes require an individualized reproductive health plan that addresses contraception, the importance of planning pregnancies, and life-style changes. Anticipatory guidance and education in each phase of development can help the woman with diabetes avoid health care problems, reduce her risk of complications, and achieve a health outcome.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with subclinical atherosclerosis: a systemic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an elevated risk of adverse health outcomes such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Whether there is a direct correlation between GDM and elevated cIMT is still controversial. METHODS: PubMed, Embase and reference lists of relevant papers were reviewed. Studies assessing the relationship between GDM and cIMT were included. Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) of cIMT was calculated using random-effect models. RESULTS: Fifteen studies with a total of 2247 subjects were included in our analysis, giving a pooled WMD of 0.05 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.03 -0.07). Furthermore, meta regression and subgroup analysis found that the association between GDM and larger cIMT already existed during pregnancy, and this relation was stronger in obese GDM patients. CONCLUSIONS: GDM in and after pregnancy is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. Weight control may be helpful to prevent cardiovascular diseases for GDM patients.
Maternal diabetes, programming of beta-cell disorders and intergenerational risk of type 2 diabetes.; A substantial body of evidence suggests that an abnormal intra-uterine milieu elicited by maternal metabolic disturbances as diverse as malnutrition, placental insufficiency, diabetes and obesity may be able to programme susceptibility of the foetus to later develop chronic degenerative diseases such as obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes (T2D). As insulin-producing cells have been placed centre stage in the development of T2D, this review examines developmental programming of the beta-cell mass (BCM) in various rodent models of maternal protein restriction, calorie restriction, overnutrition and diabetes. The main message is that whatever the initial maternal insult (F0 generation) and whether alone or in combination, it gives rise to the same programmed BCM outcome in the daughter generation (F1). The altered BCM phenotype in F1 females prohibits normal BCM adaptation during pregnancy and, thus, diabetes (gestational diabetes) ensues. This gestational diabetes is then passed from one generation (F1) to the next (F2, F3 and so on). This review highlights a number of studies that have identified epigenetic mechanisms that may contribute to altered BCM development and beta-cell failure, as observed in diabetes. In addition to their role in instilling the programmed defect, these non-genomic mechanisms may also be involved in its intergenerational transmission.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Speckle-Tracking Echocardiography.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disease that occurs during pregnancy and may result in fetal cardiac dysfunction. Our study aimed to assess the cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with GDM by a quantitative analysis software based on speckle-tracking echocardiography. METHODS: Forty-nine fetuses exposed to GDM and 50 normal fetuses were enrolled, and fetal echocardiography were performed and analyzed in this prospective cross-sectional study. We compared cardiac systolic function between the two groups using fetal cardiac quantitative analysis software. RESULTS: In the GDM group, left ventricular (24 ± 4 versus 28 ± 4, P < .001) and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (23 ± 4 versus 26 ± 4, P = .002) and right ventricular free wall strain (26 ± 6 versus 29 ± 5, P = .006) were significantly lower compared with the control group, whereas there was no significant difference in global spherical index (1.2 ± 0.1 versus 1.2 ± 0.1, P = .425). Additionally, 24-segment transverse fraction shortening of the right ventricle was more impaired than the left, and the segments with reduced fraction shortening were mainly located in the mid and apical sections of the right ventricle, and midsection of the left ventricle. CONCLUSION: Fetuses exposed to GDM may have cardiac dysfunction before the onset of cardiac morphologic abnormalities, and the right ventricle is more vulnerable than the left during fetal development.
The offspring of the diabetic mother--short- and long-term implications.; In the 1980s, David Barker and Colleagues proposed that the major causes of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases have their roots in early development. There is now robust evidence that an hyperglycemic intrauterine environment is responsible not only for significant short-term morbidity in the fetus and the neonate but also for an increased risk of developing diabetes as well as other chronic, noncommunicable diseases at adulthood. The risk is higher in pregestational diabetes, but unrecognized and/or poorly managed gestational diabetes (GDM) may have similar consequences. Although a relatively clear picture of the pathogenesis of the fetal and neonatal complications of maternal diabetes and of their interrelationship is available today, the intimate molecular mechanisms involved in the long term are far from being understood. While the rate of GDM is sharply increasing in association with the pandemic of obesity and of type 2 diabetes over the world, we review here the current understanding of short- and long-term outcomes of fetuses exposed to a diabetic environment.
Cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to synthesize evidence on conventional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among women with previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The review protocol is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019118149). PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Studies reporting on CVD risk factors in women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM were selected. A total of 139 studies were eligible, of which 93 were included in the meta-analysis. Women with previous GDM have significantly higher systolic blood pressure (2.47 mmHg 95% CI 1.74 to 3.40, n = 48, 50,118 participants) diastolic blood pressure (1.89 mmHg 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 48, 49,495 participants), BMI (1.54 kg/m(2) 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 78, 255,308 participants), total cholesterol (0.26 SMD 95% CI 0.15 to 0.37, n = 48, 38,561 participants), LDL cholesterol (0.19 SMD 95% CI 0.08 to 0.30, n = 44, 16,980 participants), triglycerides (0.56 SMD 95% CI 0.42 to 0.70, n = 46, 13,175 participants), glucose (0.69 SMD 95% CI 0.56 to 0.81, n = 55, 127,900 participants), insulin (0.41 SMD 95% CI 0.23 to 0.59, n = 32, 8881 participants) and significantly lower HDL cholesterol (-0.28 SMD 95% CI -0.39 to -0.16, n = 56, 35,882 participants), compared to women without previous GDM. The increased blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose are seen as early as <1 year post-partum.Women with previous GDM have a higher risk of CVD based on significant increases in conventional risk factors. Some risk factors are seen as early as <1 year post-partum. Women with GDM may benefit from early screening to identify modifiable CVD risk factors.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac adaptation to pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether maternal cardiac adaptation at term differs between women with, and those without, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study of pregnant women at term with or without GDM. For both cases and controls, only women without any comorbidity or form of pre-existing diabetes who had a singleton pregnancy without complication (such as pre-eclampsia or fetal growth restriction) were included. All women underwent conventional and speckle-tracking echocardiography to assess both the left- and right-heart geometry and function. RESULTS: A total of 40 women with GDM and 40 healthy controls were enrolled. Women with GDM, compared with controls, had a significantly higher heart rate (83 ± 10 vs 75 ± 9 beats per min; P < 0.001), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.43 ± 0.07 vs 0.37 ± 0.08; P < 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.80 ± 0.15 vs 0.73 ± 0.12 m/s; P = 0.026) and LV late diastolic transmitral valve velocity (A) (0.65 ± 0.13 vs 0.57 ± 0.11 m/s; P = 0.006). In women with GDM compared with controls, speckle-tracking analysis revealed a significant reduction in LV global longitudinal strain (GLS) (-16.29 ± 2.26 vs -17.61 ± 1.89; P = 0.012), LV endocardial GLS (-18.50 ± 2.59 vs -19.84 ± 2.35; P = 0.031) and LV epicardial GLS (-14.40 ± 2.01 vs -15.73 ± 1.66; P = 0.005). Right ventricular (RV) analysis revealed a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (58 ± 10 vs 66 ± 11 ms; P = 0.001) and RV E/A ratio (1.13 ± 0.18 vs 1.29 ± 0.35; P = 0.017), as well as a higher RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.16 ± 0.04 vs 0.14 ± 0.02; P = 0.023) and peak late diastolic transtricuspid valve velocity (0.46 ± 0.1 m/s vs 0.39 ± 0.08 m/s; P = 0.001), in women with GDM compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that even a short period of exposure to hyperglycemia, as occcurs in women with GDM, is associated with significant maternal functional cardiac impairment at term. Given these findings, further study of postnatal maternal cardiovascular recovery after GDM pregnancy is warranted. Copyright © 2019 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Induces Autonomic Dysfunction and Heart Failure in Older Adult Offspring.; AIMS: Offspring exposed to an adverse fetal environment, such as gestational diabetes, may manifest increased susceptibility to several chronic diseases later in life. In the present study, the cardiovascular function of three different ages of offspring from diabetic rats was evaluated. METHODS AND RESULTS: Diabetes mellitus was induced in pregnant rats by a single dose of streptozotocin (50 mg/kg). The offspring from diabetic (OD) and control rats (OC) were evaluated at three different ages: 6, 12 or 18 months. In the corresponding OC groups, fasting glycemia, baseline mean arterial pressure, and sympathetic tonus increased in the OD rats at 12 (OD12) and 18 (OD18) months of age, while cardiac hypertrophy was observed in all OD groups. Cardiac function evaluation in vivo showed low left ventricular systolic pressure and+dP/dt in the OD18 rats, suggesting a systolic dysfunction. OD12 and OD18 groups showed high left ventricle end-diastolic pressure, suggesting a diastolic dysfunction. OD groups showed an age-related impairment of both baroreflex-mediated tachycardia and baroreflex-mediated bradycardia in OD12 and OD18 rats. In isolated hearts from OD18 rats, both inotropic and tachycardiac responses to increasing isoproterenol were significantly reduced compared to the corresponding OC group. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that gestational diabetes triggers the onset of hyperglycemia hypertension with impaired baroreflex sensitivity and heart failure in older age of offspring, representing important risk factors for death. Therefore, ensuring optimal glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy is important and serves as a key to preventing cardiovascular disease in the offspring in their older age.
Incidence of maternal and fetal outcomes in women with gestational diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with both maternal and fetal complications related to maternal hyperglycemia. AIM: The aim of the study was to describe the incidence of maternal and fetal complications associated with GDM in a reference maternity hospital in the Tunis (2019-2020). METHODS: We conducted a prospective longitudinal descriptive and analytical study including 220 patients followed for GDM at the research unit «Diabetes and pregnancy» of the C department of the National Institute of Nutrition of Tunis. The patients were followed during pregnancy and until post partum, for a period of 18 months (July 2019-December 2020). The patients were divided into two groups Group1(G1) including women treated with insulin therapy (n=68) and Group 2(G2) including women treated with diet only (n=152). RESULTS: In the current study, 63,6% of patients delivered by cesarean section and 5% developed gestational induced hypertension. Neonatal outcomes were dominated by macrosomia (13.5%) and transient respiratory distress (11.4%). Insulin-treated women had a higher incidence of gestational induced hypertension (G1:11,9% versus G2: 2,1%;p=0,03). There was no significant difference between the two groups in the incidence of fetal outcomes including macrosomia (G1:17.6% versus G2:11.2%; p=0.203),transient respiratory distress (G1:11.8% versus G2: 10.5%; p=0.781) and prematurity (G1:7.4% versus G2:4.6%; p=0.452). CONCLUSION: Our study showed that Insulin-treated women had a higher incidence of gestational induced hypertension. However, there was no significant difference between the two groups in the incidence of fetal complications.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy: have all the problems been solved?; The past decade has seen a remarkable improvement in the prognosis for the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. Perinatal survival has become as common in these pregnancies as in normal ones. This improved outcome has been achieved through a better understanding of maternal metabolism and the needs to regulate maternal glycemia carefully as well as through reliable techniques for the surveillance of fetal well-being and advances in neonatal care. Significant perinatal morbidity still occurs, and congenital malformations--the leading cause of perinatal mortality today--remain an unresolved problem. Maternal outcome must also be considered. Uncertainty remains regarding the course of retinopathy in pregnancy, and the small group of diabetic women with coronary artery disease do appear to be at increased risk for mortality during gestation. A systematic screening program for gestational diabetes must now be adopted.
[Obesity and pregnancy].; Obesity during pregnancy increases the risk of complications for both the mother (gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus) and the newborn (malformations and macrosomia). Deliveries are also more difficult with more c-section and failure in peridural analgesia. A specific organization supported by the perinatal network should improve the management of these women, especially for morbid obesity.
Autonomic modulation in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positional aortocaval compression on cardiovascular autonomic nervous system (ANS) function in late pregnancy. METHODS: Pregnant women with (n=31) and without (n=12) GDM were evaluated at 30-35weeks gestation and 2-3months postpartum. Measures of ANS function included power spectral analysis (performed sitting) and RR-variation during deep breathing (performed supine). Time-related changes (late pregnancy versus 2-3months postpartum) for measurements of cardiovascular ANS function were analyzed using multivariate analysis of variance for repeated measures. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics were similar for both groups. Comparing ANS measures for GDM+versus GDM- women during pregnancy and postpartum revealed no significant differences. Time related changes indicated that during late pregnancy total spectral power, low frequency (LF) power, high frequency (HF) power, and RR-variation during deep breathing were significantly reduced (p<0.001 for all). The LF/HF ratio, however, was not significantly affected during late pregnancy (p=0.678). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest decreased activity in both branches of the ANS during mid-third trimester pregnancy, but no significant change in sympathovagal balance. Aortocaval compression appears to affect ANS function whether tests were performed sitting or supine for GDM+and GDM- women.
Management of diabetes in pregnancy: antenatal follow-up and decisions concerning timing and mode of delivery.; Pregnancy in women with diabetes remains complicated despite improvements in glucose control. This seems mainly due to the fact that normoglycemia is still outside of reach. Congenital malformations are already significantly increased in the case of HbA1c values of 2-4SD above the mean, and fetal macrosomia is increasing in incidence. The latter may be due to an increase in maternal body mass index (BMI), absence of cardiovascular complications, better placentation, and increased weight gain during pregnancy. Severe maternal hypoglycemia is a frequent complication during the first trimester of pregnancy. The outcome is generally poorer in the case of type-2 diabetes as compared to type-1, which is likely to be due to a higher incidence of maternal metabolic syndrome. In this article, preconceptional and antenatal management and the mode and timing of delivery are discussed, both for women with preexisting diabetes and for those with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Pregnancy characteristics and women's future cardiovascular health: an underused opportunity to improve women's health?; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. The purpose of this paper was to review the associations of parity and these 4 pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality; to review the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations; and to explore the implications of this emerging science for new research and policy. We systematically searched for relevant cohort and case-control studies in Medline through December 2012 and used citation searches for already published reviews to identify new studies. The findings of this review suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. With further replication research, these findings would support the utility of these prevalent pregnancy complications in identifying high-risk women for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women.
The effect of pregestational diabetes on fetal heart function.; Pregestational diabetes affects nearly 2% of all pregnancies. Moreover, Type 2 diabetes in child-bearing women is on the rise because of the childhood obesity epidemic. Pregestational diabetes can affect the fetal heart in several ways. First, the risk of fetal congenital heart disease is markedly increased; second, fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy may occur even with good glycemic control; third, studies have shown impaired function of the hearts of some infants and fetuses of diabetic pregnancies, which can occur with and without septal hypertrophy. Small-for-gestational-age infants of diabetic mothers may have diminished cardiovascular health in the long term. This review mainly discusses methods to detect fetal diabetic cardiomyopathy prenatally. The focus is on the noninvasive diagnostic markers that can serve as an outcome measure for future therapeutic trials, which are still lacking. There is some experimental research on treatment strategies to prevent fetal heart disease in diabetic pregnancies but little clinical data.
Late cardiovascular consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as carbohydrate intolerance of any degree first recognized during pregnancy, complicates approximately 4% of all pregnancies in the United States. Several factors can increase one's risk of developing GDM, including obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and race/ethnicity. Conversely, a history of GDM can increase the risk of developing not only T2DM but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of T2DM. Several investigations have explored GDM relationships with CVD risk factors, CVD surrogate markers, and clinically evident CVD. These studies have included evaluations of biochemical parameters, such as inflammatory and endothelial biomarkers; endothelial dysfunction, such as that seen in impaired brachial artery flow-mediated vasodilation; and vascular dysfunction, manifest as cardiac dysfunction or in diseases such as hypertension. This article will review these studies and examine factors considered to be responsible for promoting CVD in women with a history of GDM, such as T2DM and metabolic syndrome and its components. In addition, studies evidencing CVD in women with a history of GDM will be explored.
Exposure of the developing heart to diabetic environment and early cardiac assessment: A review.; Hyperglycemia during organogenesis is associated with an increased risk of congenital cardiac defects (CHDs). The pathophysiology leading to CHDs is not completely uncovered. However, elevated oxidative stress is considered to be the primary trigger that causes CHDs in fetuses of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes has been found to increase the risk for all types of CHDs. Diabetes may also impact the fetal cardiac performance at all gestational ages. Early detection of CHDs has certain advantages, such as making early decision about termination of pregnancy, enabling early genetic testing, and early reassurance if scan is normal. Combined transabdominal and transvaginal approach at 13-14 weeks of gestation is a reasonable strategy to assess fetal heart in diabetic women. Diagnostic accuracy of early fetal echocardiography has reached to above a reasonable cutoff when it is done in the late first trimester or early second trimester in the hands of expert sonographers. However, the literature is less certain to provide a firm conclusion about functional heart assessment in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
Diabetic pregnancy, maternal and fetal docosahexaenoic acid: a review of existing evidence.; OBJECTIVE: Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is vital for fetal development especially during the third trimester of gestation when the speed of fetal brain growth is at its peak. Diabetes modifies the maternal fatty acid profile, which may in turn change the quantity and/or quality of lipids transferred to the fetus. Neonates born to diabetic mothers might be more vulnerable to DHA deficiency leading to lower cognitive scores together with lower overall intellectual quotients when compared to control. We reviewed the influence of type 1 or type 2 pre-gestational (PGD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal and fetal DHA levels. METHOD: We searched MEDLINE articles about PGD and/or GDM and DHA published before October 2016. RESULTS: Maternal blood DHA level seems higher in those with diabetes than those without diabetes. However, DHA in cord plasma of neonates born to PGD and/or GDM mothers seem lower compared to neonates born to nondiabetic mothers. CONCLUSIONS: Altogether, these results suggest that the transfer of DHA from the mother to the fetus may be deficient or dysregulated in diabetic pregnancies. What remains to be understood is how placental lipid transport is regulated and whether there is a link with clinical neurodevelopmental phenotypes in the newborns.
Impact of maternal hyperglycemia on cardiac development: Insights from animal models.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the leading cause of birth defect-related death in infants and is a global pediatric health concern. While the genetic causes of CHD have become increasingly recognized with advances in genome sequencing technologies, the etiology for the majority of cases of CHD is unknown. The maternal environment during embryogenesis has a profound impact on cardiac development, and numerous environmental factors are associated with an elevated risk of CHD. Maternal diabetes mellitus (matDM) is associated with up to a fivefold increased risk of having an infant with CHD. The rising prevalence of diabetes mellitus has led to a growing interest in the use of experimental diabetic models to elucidate mechanisms underlying this associated risk for CHD. The purpose of this review is to provide a comprehensive summary of rodent models that are being used to investigate alterations in cardiac developmental pathways when exposed to a maternal diabetic setting and to summarize the key findings from these models. The majority of studies in the field have utilized the chemically induced model of matDM, but recent advances have also been made using diet based and genetic models. Each model provides an opportunity to investigate unique aspects of matDM and is invaluable for a comprehensive understanding of the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying matDM-associated CHD.
Association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an overall lifetime increased risk of cardiometabolic disease, even among those without intercurrent type 2 diabetes. However, the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and short-term risk of cardiovascular disease is unclear. Establishing short-term risks of cardiovascular disease for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus has significant potential to inform early screening and targeted intervention strategies to reduce premature cardiovascular morbidity among women. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the risk of cardiovascular disease diagnosis in the first 24 months postpartum between patients with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Our longitudinal population-based study included pregnant individuals with deliveries from 2007 to 2019 in the Maine Health Data Organization's All Payer Claims Database. We excluded records with gestational age <20 weeks, non-Maine residence, multifetal gestation, no insurance in the month of delivery or the 3 months before pregnancy, an implausibly short interval until next pregnancy (<60 days), pregestational diabetes mellitus, and any prepregnancy diagnosis of the cardiovascular conditions being examined postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (heart failure, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, cardiomyopathy, cerebrovascular disease/stroke, and new chronic hypertension) were identified by International Classification of Diseases 9/10 diagnosis codes. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios, adjusting for potential confounding factors. We assessed whether the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension was mediated by intercurrent diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Among the 84,746 pregnancies examined, the cumulative risk of cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum for those with vs without gestational diabetes mellitus was 0.13% vs 0.20% for heart failure, 0.16% vs 0.14% for ischemic heart disease, 0.60% vs 0.44% for cerebrovascular disease/stroke, 0.22% vs 0.16% for arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, 0.20% vs 0.20% for cardiomyopathy, and 4.19% vs 1.83% for new chronic hypertension. After adjusting for potential confounders, those with gestational diabetes had an increased risk of new chronic hypertension (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.32-1.86) within the first 24 months postpartum compared with those without gestational diabetes. There was no association between gestational diabetes and ischemic heart disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.34-1.65), cerebrovascular disease/stroke (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.78-1.66), arrhythmia/cardiac arrest (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.16; 95% confidence interval, 0.59-2.29), or cardiomyopathy (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.40-1.41) within the first 24 months postpartum. Those with gestational diabetes appeared to have a decreased risk of heart failure within 24 months postpartum (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.45; 95% confidence interval, 0.21-0.98). Our mediation analyses estimated that 28% of the effect of gestational diabetes on new chronic hypertension was mediated through intercurrent diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of new chronic hypertension as early as 24 months postpartum. Most of this effect was not due to the development of diabetes mellitus. Our findings suggest that all women with gestational diabetes need careful monitoring and screening for new chronic hypertension in the first 2 years postpartum.
[Chest pain and cardiovascular diseases in women : Diagnostics and treatment].; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality not only in men but also in women. The incidence of CVD significantly increases in women, especially after the menopause. Sex and gender differences in the incidence, prevalence and mortality of CVD are due to hormonal, anatomical, and sociocultural differences. As part of the primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD), risk factors specific for women, such as autoimmune diseases and pregnancy-associated diseases (e.g., gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia) should also be taken into account in addition to the classical cardiovascular risk factors. Furthermore, in women with angina pectoris it should be considered that women in particular frequently suffer from ischemia with nonobstructive coronary arteries (INOCA) that can be caused, for example, by coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) or coronary spasms. Based on this, the diagnostics should not be terminated in symptomatic women after coronary angiography with normal epicardial vessels. A targeted diagnostics for CMD and coronary spasms should be carried out at an early stage.
Cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a nationwide register-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and has maternal health implications reaching beyond the perinatal period. We aimed to investigate the incidence and severity of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous GDM in a Danish population and to study whether proxies of impaired beta cell function-insulin treatment during GDM pregnancy and development of subsequent manifest diabetes mellitus-influence incident risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. METHODS: A nationwide register-based cohort study was conducted on the complete cohort of 700,648 women delivering in Denmark during 1997-2018. The exposure variable was GDM and primary outcome was overall cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Secondary outcomes were major cardiovascular disease (ischemic heart disease, heart failure, and/or stroke/transient cerebral ischemia), hypertension, dyslipidemia, and venous thrombosis. Severity of morbidity was assessed using number of hospital contacts with diagnosis codes related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity and number of redemptions of prescribed medication related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women who developed cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity after pregnancy. RESULTS: The median follow-up period was 10.2-11.9 years with a total range of 0-21.9 years. GDM was associated with increased risk of any cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (adjusted HR 2.13 [95% CI 2.07-2.20]), major cardiovascular disease (adjusted HR 1.69 [95% CI 1.55-1.84]), hypertension (adjusted HR 1.89 [95% CI 1.82-1.96], dyslipidemia (adjusted HR 4.48 [95% CI 4.28-4.69]), and venous thrombosis (adjusted HR 1.32 [95% CI 1.16-1.50]). Insulin treatment during pregnancy and subsequent development of manifest diabetes exacerbated the risk estimates. Previous GDM was associated with more hospital contacts and more redeemed prescriptions in women developing cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Previous GDM was associated with significantly higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity, especially incident dyslipidemia. Risks were exacerbated by proxies of beta cell impairment. Severity of morbidity was significantly worse if GDM preceded cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity.
Postpartum Readmissions Among Women With Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate whether women with diabetes are at risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions and associated complications. METHODS: The Nationwide Readmissions Database from 2010 to 2014 was analyzed to determine risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions among women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM), type 2 DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and unspecified DM compared with women with no diabetes. Secondary outcomes included evaluating risk for overall severe maternal morbidity during readmissions, as well as wound complications, acute diabetic complications such as diabetic ketoacidosis, venous thromboembolism, and hypertensive diseases of pregnancy. Billing data were used to ascertain both exposures and outcomes. Adjusted log-linear regression models including demographic, hospital, medical and obstetric, and hospital factors were performed with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and with 95% Cis as measures of association. RESULTS: Of an estimated 15.7 million delivery hospitalizations, 1.1 million occurred among women with diabetes, of whom 3.2% had type 1 DM, 9.1% type 2 DM, 86.6% GDM, and 1.1% unspecified diabetes. Compared with women without diabetes (1.5% risk for readmission), risk for readmission was significantly higher for women with type 1 DM (4.4%), unspecified diabetes (4.0%), type 2 DM (3.9%), and GDM (2.0%) (P<.01). After adjusting for hospital, demographic, medical, and obstetric risk factors, type 1 DM (aRR 1.77, 95% CI 1.69-1.87), type 2 DM (aRR 1.46, 95% CI 1.42-1.51), unspecified (aRR 1.73, 95% CI 1.59-1.89) and gestational diabetes (aRR 1.16, 95% CI 1.14-1.17) retained increased risk. Among women with diabetes public insurance, lower ZIP code income quartiles, and hospitals with high safety net burdens were associated with higher risk for readmission. In both unadjusted and adjusted analyses, all diabetes diagnoses were associated with readmissions for wound complications, hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, and severe maternal morbidity. CONCLUSION: Although overall risk for readmission is low, pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes in particular are at increased risk. Women in this high-risk group should receive coordinated care and be monitored closely in the postpartum period.
Gestational diabetes and its impact on the neonate.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a relatively common medical condition that was described as early as the nineteenth century. This article discusses the maternal and fetal pathophysiology and the impact of the maternal condition on the neonate. Fetal macrosomia and infant respiratory distress syndrome, cardiomyopathy, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hypomagnesemia, polycythemia, and hyperviscosity all can occur as a result of maternal hyperglycemia and are discussed in detail. Therapeutic approaches and treatment options for the mother, manifestations and diagnosis of the infant, and current research related to this condition are also included.
Maternal Diabetes and Intrapartum Fetal Electrocardiogram.; OBJECTIVE: Fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) ST changes are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Our objective was to evaluate ST changes by maternal diabetic status and stage of labor. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of a multicentered randomized-controlled trial in which laboring patients with singleton gestations underwent fetal ECG scalp electrode placement and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST-segment readings. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes by the stage of labor. ECG tracings were categorized into mutually exclusive groups (ST depression, ST elevation without ST depression, or no ST changes). We compared participants with DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and no DM. RESULTS: Of the 5,436 eligible individuals in the first stage of labor (95 with pregestational DM and 370 with GDM), 4,427 progressed to the second stage. ST depression occurred more frequently in the first stage of labor in participants with pregestational DM (15%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14-4.24) and with GDM (9.5%, aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.02-2.25) as compared with participants without DM (5.7%). The frequency of ST elevation was similar in participants with pregestational DM (33%, aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48-1.30) and GDM (33.2%, aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71-1.17) as compared with those without DM (34.2%). In the second stage, ST depression did not occur in participants with pregestational DM (0%) and occurred more frequently in participants with GDM (3.5%, aOR 2.01, 95% CI 1.02-3.98) as compared with those without DM (2.0%). ST elevation occurred more frequently in participants with pregestational DM (30%, aOR 1.81, 95% CI 1.02-3.22) but not with GDM (19.0%, aOR 1.06, 95% CI 0.77-1.47) as compared with those without DM (17.8%). CONCLUSION: ST changes in fetal ECG occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers during labor. CLINICALTRIALS: gov number, NCT01131260. PRECIS: ST changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic parturients. KEY POINTS: · Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and cardiac dysfunction occur frequently among fetuses of diabetic patients.. · Fetal ECG changes such as ST elevation and depression reflect cardiac hypoxia.. · Fetuses of diabetic patients demonstrate a higher prevalence of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes..
Outcomes of pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcomes between women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those with low-risk pregnancies during implementation of the GDM practice guideline. METHODS: In a retrospective study, data were compared between women with singleton pregnancies complicated by GDM and control women with singleton low-risk pregnancies who delivered at Maharaj Nakorn Chiang Mai Hospital, Thailand, between January 2002 and December 2012. All pregnant women were screened and managed for GDM as recommended by the National Diabetes Data Group. RESULTS: During the study period, 1350 pregnancies with GDM and 20421 low-risk pregnancies met the study criteria and were included in the GDM group and the control group, respectively. The incidence of fetal macrosomia-the main outcome-was significantly higher in the GDM group (n=270, 20.0%) than in the control group (n=2776, 3.6%; adjusted odds ratio 1.48, 95% confidence interval 1.28-1.71; P<0.001). The incidences of cesarean delivery, cephalopelvic disproportion, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and shoulder dystocia were also significantly higher in the GDM group (all P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Despite the practice guideline, adverse pregnancy outcomes including fetal macrosomia, cesarean delivery, and pregnancy-induced hypertension, were significantly higher among women with GDM. The findings warrant an effective audit system or improved adherence to the guideline.
Diabetes mellitus and fertility control: contraception management issues.; The need to prevent complications in the woman and fetus mandates that pregnancies in diabetic women always be planned and that safe and effective contraceptives be used at all times until it is determined that pregnancy is a safe and desired option. Pregnancy may aggravate complications of diabetes such as retinopathy and coronary artery disease. A pregnant diabetic woman is also more likely to experience such complications as hypertension, urinary tract infection, polyhydramnios, and cesarean section. Her fetus is at increased risk for congenital malformations, prematurity, stillbirth, neonatal morbidity, and diabetes later in life. Good diabetic control must be maintained before and throughout the pregnancy to minimize the risk of these and other complications. Until such time as good control is achieved and the woman desires pregnancy, a reliable method of contraception should be used. Most recent research supports the use of barrier methods, low-dose monophasic or triphasic oral contraceptives, or progestin-only methods, at least for the short-term. Under some circumstances the intrauterine device may be an appropriate option. Long-term data regarding the use of these methods is lacking. The decision regarding which method of contraception is used should be made by the woman in consultation with her physician.
The management of diabetes in pregnancy.; The aim of the diabetes specialist is to provide a service to the pregnant diabetic woman so that she will present to her obstetrician with such well-controlled plasma glucose levels that her pregnancy will proceed without any diabetes-related problem, and she will be delivered of a normal baby, of normal size, at the normal full-term gestation, by the normal route. There are some problems in achieving this aim. The exact definition of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy is still a matter of dispute. Screening methods to identify the problem differ widely. Many centres have developed joint diabetes/antenatal clinics, but there are practical problems with such an approach. Pre-pregnancy counselling, and discussion of contraceptive measures is an important task for the diabetologist and requires up-to-date knowledge. Control of plasma glucose requires alteration of insulin doses as pregnancy proceeds. Mothers with retinal, renal or cardiac problems will need special care. The medical problems which develop, and the management of blood glucose during labour and delivery, mean that the diabetes team must be very adjacent to the obstetric service, and a centralised approach offers many advantages. The postpartum state, and the long-term outcome for both mother and baby, remain both an interest and a responsibility for the obstetric physician.
A Large Mammalian Model of Myocardial Regeneration After Myocardial Infarction in Fetal Sheep.; Objective: Ischemic heart disease accounts for over 20% of all deaths worldwide. As the global population faces a rising burden of chronic diseases, such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes, the prevalence of heart failure due to ischemic heart disease is estimated to increase. We sought to develop a model that may more accurately identify therapeutic targets to mitigate the development of heart failure following myocardial infarction (MI). Approach: Having utilized fetal large mammalian models of scarless wound healing, we proposed a fetal ovine model of myocardial regeneration after MI. Results: Use of this model has identified critical pathways in the mammalian response to MI, which are differentially activated in the regenerative, fetal mammalian response to MI when compared to the reparative, scar-forming, adult mammalian response to MI. Innovation: While the foundation of myocardial regeneration research has been built on zebrafish and rodent models, effective therapies derived from these disease models have been lacking; therefore, we sought to develop a more representative ovine model of myocardial regeneration after MI to improve the identification of therapeutic targets designed to mitigate the development of heart failure following MI. Conclusions: To develop therapies aimed at mitigating this rising burden of disease, it is critical that the animal models we utilize closely reflect the physiology and pathology we observe in human disease. We encourage use of this ovine large mammalian model to facilitate identification of therapies designed to mitigate the growing burden of heart failure.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus : prelude of risks not to be misunderstood].; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication in pregnant women. It is diagnosed between the 24th and 28th last menstrual period thanks to an oral glucose tolerance test with 75 g of glucose. Although blood glucose levels usually return to normal after childbirth, it can lead to some medium- and long-term complications, including cardiovascular, metabolic and renal complications. Early detection of various risk factors related to these complications would avoid some negative consequences for women with background of gestational diabetes.
The offspring of gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) usually develops in the second half of pregnancy and, in order to address the impact of GDM on the conceptus, several issues must be raised: what are the immediate implications for the fetus and the neonate and why do they happen? What are the consequences for the offspring? What can be done? In a theoretical model the whole pathogenesis and spectrum of fetal and neonatal mortality and morbidity could primarily be attributed to the excessive transferal of glucose from mother of fetus, inducing fetal hyperglycemia, leading to fetal pancreatic islet hypertrophy and beta-cell hyperplasia with a consequent rise in insulin secretion. However, besides, and in addition to glucose, it is quite possible that other metabolic fuels, from amino acids to lipids, may also cross the placenta further contributing to the adverse intrauterine environment. Depending upon the time of gestation during critical developmental stages, the same metabolic fuels would have different effects upon the fetus, the neonate and quite possibly, upon the long-term outcome from neurological and psychosocial impairment to the adult development of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders. Based on clinical and experimental evidence that poor maternal homeostasis is at the core of the problem, it is of paramount importance to identify women at risk of GDM and to keep a tight metabolic control in order to avoid immediate and long-term consequences for their offspring.
Prepregnancy Diabetes and Offspring Risk of Congenital Heart Disease: A Nationwide Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of offspring congenital heart defects (CHD); however, the causal mechanism is poorly understood. We further investigated this association in a Danish nationwide cohort. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a national cohort study, we identified 2 025 727 persons born from 1978 to 2011; among them were 7296 (0.36%) persons exposed to maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus. Pregestational diabetes mellitus was identified by using the National Patient Register and individual-level information on all prescriptions filled in Danish pharmacies. Persons with CHD (n=16 325) were assigned to embryologically related cardiac phenotypes. The CHD prevalence in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus was 318 per 10 000 live births (n=232) in comparison with a baseline risk of 80 per 10 000; the adjusted relative risk for CHD was 4.00 (95% confidence interval, 3.51-4.53). The association was not modified by year of birth, maternal age at diabetes onset, or diabetes duration, and CHD risks associated with type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (insulin-independent) diabetes mellitus did not differ significantly. Persons born to women with previous acute diabetes complications had a higher CHD risk than those exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus without complications (relative risk, 7.62; 95% confidence interval, 5.23-10.6, and relative risk, 3.49; 95% confidence interval, 2.91-4.13, respectively; P=0.0004). All specific CHD phenotypes were associated with maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (relative risk range, 2.74-13.8). CONCLUSIONS: The profoundly increased CHD risk conferred by maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus neither changed over time nor differed by diabetes subtype. The association with acute pregestational diabetes complications was particularly strong, suggesting a role for glucose in the causal pathway.
Placental changes in diabetic pregnancies and the contribution of hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate placental abnormalities in pregnancies affected by diabetes compared to unaffected pregnancies from a single academic center. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study of women with singleton gestations delivered at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences from 2007 to 2016. Pathologic examination of placentas from pregestational and gestational diabetic pregnancies were compared to placentas from patients without diabetes using 12 histologic elements. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were extracted from the medical record and compared between groups. Findings were adjusted for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Placental lesions were also correlated with diabetic control. RESULTS: Pathology reports of 590 placentas along with corresponding medical records were reviewed. The diabetic group (N = 484) consisted of 188 patients with pregestational diabetes and 296 patients with gestational diabetes. The nondiabetic group consisted of 106 patients. The diabetic group was older, had a higher average BMI, and more hypertensive disorders (p < .0001). Out of the 12 histologic elements investigated, accelerated villous maturation (aOR = 8.45, 95%CI (1.13-62.95)) and increased placental weight (aOR = 3.131, 95% CI (1.558-6.293)) were noted to be significantly increased in placentas from diabetic pregnancies after controlling for hypertension. Intervillous thrombi were not significantly increased in pregnancies affected by diabetes. Neonates of the diabetic group were more likely to be large for gestational age (p < .0001) and had a higher rate of preterm delivery (p < .0001). CONCLUSIONS: Accelerated villous maturation was found to be more frequent in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes, even after controlling for hypertension. In pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes, the placental findings were not significant after controlling for hypertension. In contrast with prior studies, there was no increase in thrombotic lesions of the placenta in patients with diabetes.
Geographic, ethnic, and racial variations in the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus.; The prevalence of diabetes and of gestational diabetes varies considerably between countries and within countries. There are also major national and international differences in the important end points of fetal or neonatal death and congenital fetal abnormality. These differences relate to multiple factors, of which diabetes or gestational diabetes represents only a part of the total pathologic effect. There is also international disagreement on the most appropriate diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes. The main uncertainty is whether to adopt the World Health Organization figures, e.g., venous plasma glucose 2 h after 75 g glucose greater than or equal to 140 mg/dl (8.0 mmol/L) as gestational impaired glucose tolerance, and greater than or equal to 200 mg/dl (11.0 mmol/L) as gestational diabetes, or to use the Boston figures, e.g., venous plasma glucose 2 h after 100 g glucose greater than or equal to 165 mg/dl (9.5 mmol/L) as gestational diabetes. It is hoped that standards for pathologic hyperglycemia in pregnancy can be agreed on for use in all countries for all populations.
[Relationship Between ABO Blood Group and Pregnancy Complications].; ABO blood group system is the most commonly used blood group classification system in clinic practice. The relevant antigens, A, B and H determinants, are complex carbohydrate molecules that are expressed in red blood cells and other cell lines and tissues. These antigens are determined by the ABO locus located on chromosome 9 (9q34.1-q34.2). ABO blood group is associated with the development of many human diseases, e.g., cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and tumors. The relationship between the ABO blood group of pregnant women and various pregnancy complications, including preeclampsia (PE) and the related diseases, pregnancy associated venous thromboembolism (PA-VTE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), have become the focus of obstetricians' recent research interest. Herein, we reviewed the relationship between ABO blood group and these pregnancy complications, and found that most of the reported findings supported the following views: 1) Blood type O is a protective factor for PE, while blood type AB increases the risk of PE; 2) blood types other than O are more prone to PA-VTE than blood type O; 3) blood type O or blood type AB may be related to the pathogenesis of GDM; 4) women of blood type O are at higher risks for PPH than those of other blood types. More in-depth epidemiological and genetic studies are needed to confirm these findings in the future. These findings can provide new ideas for researching into the pathogenesis of obstetric diseases and form the theoretical basis for obstetricians to prevent and treat related diseases.
Clinical Effectiveness of Different Technologies for Diabetes in Pregnancy: Systematic Literature Review.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycemia in pregnancy occurs worldwide and is closely associated with health issues in women and their offspring, such as pregnancy and birth complications, respectively, as well as comorbidities, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. To optimize the management of diabetic pregnancies, sustainable strategies are urgently needed. Investigation of constantly evolving technologies for diabetes that help to manage pregnancy and health is required. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to conduct a systematic review to assess the clinical effectiveness of technologies for diabetes in pregnancy. METHODS: Relevant databases including MEDLINE (PubMed), Cochrane Library, Embase, CINAHL, and Web of Science Core Collection were searched in September 2020 for clinical studies (2008-2020). Findings were organized by type of diabetes, type of technology, and outcomes (glycemic control, pregnancy- and birth-related outcomes, and neonatal outcomes). Study quality was assessed using Effective Public Health Practice Project criteria. RESULTS: We identified 15 randomized controlled trials, 3 randomized crossover trials, 2 cohort studies, and 2 controlled clinical trials. Overall, 9 studies focused on type 1 diabetes, 0 studies focused on gestational diabetes, and 3 studies focused on both type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes. We found that 9 studies were strong quality, 11 were moderate quality, and 2 were weak quality. Technologies for diabetes seemed to have particularly positive effects on glycemic control in all types of diabetes, shown by some strong and moderate quality studies. Positive trends in pregnancy-related, birth-related, and neonatal outcomes were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Technologies have the potential to effectively improve the management of diabetes during pregnancy. Further research on the clinical effectiveness of these technologies is needed, especially in pregnant women with type 2 diabetes.
Maternal arterial stiffness and fetal cardiovascular physiology in diabetic pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: In mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes, abnormal arterial stiffness (stiffer arteries) has been reported. The impact of abnormal maternal arterial stiffness on placental and fetal cardiovascular physiology is unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on maternal arterial stiffness and the association with fetal cardiovascular physiology as measured by fetal echocardiography. METHODS: Between December 2013 and January 2017 a prospective study was conducted on diabetic (but otherwise healthy) and non-diabetic, healthy pregnant mothers aged 18-40 years at 20-28 weeks' gestation who had a normal fetal cardiac echocardiogram and obstetric ultrasound. Clinical data were collected by means of a patient questionnaire and measurement of blood pressure, height, weight, arterial augmentation index (AIx) and placental and fetal cardiovascular parameters were collected by fetal echocardiography. Descriptive statistics were calculated. Comparisons were made using parametric and non-parametric tests between controls and diabetic mothers. RESULTS: Twenty-three healthy pregnant controls and 43 diabetic pregnant women (22 with pregestational and 21 with gestational diabetes) were included in the study. Maternal AIx was higher in those with diabetes than in healthy controls (12.4 ± 10.6% vs 4.6 ± 7.9%; P = 0.003). Fetal aortic valve (AoV) velocity time integral (VTI) was higher in fetuses whose mothers had diabetes than in those with non-diabetic mothers (7.7 ± 1.9 cm vs 6.3 ± 3.0 cm; P = 0.022). Left ventricular (LV) myocardial performance index (MPI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies than in controls (0.40 ± 0.09 vs 0.46 ± 0.11; P = 0.021). Umbilical artery (UA) resistance index (RI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels ≥ 6.5% than in those with HbA1c levels < 6.5% (0.69 ± 0.06, n = 15 vs 0.76 ± 0.08, n = 21; P = 0.009) but not at higher HbA1C cut-offs. No correlation between AIx and AoV-VTI, LV-MPI or UA-RI was found. CONCLUSIONS: Arterial stiffness is higher in pregnant women with diabetes than in controls. Fetuses of diabetic mothers show altered cardiovascular parameters, with higher AoV-VTI and lower LV-MPI, which are markers of myocardial function. Placental function assessed by UA-RI was normal despite differences between groups. Arterial stiffness did not correlate with placental or fetal cardiovascular variables. Instead, the findings are likely to represent a shared response to the environment of abnormal glucose metabolism. The clinical significance of these findings is yet to be determined. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Evaluation of right side foetal myocardial performance index in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; The aim of our study is to investigate the myocardial performance index (MPI) of the right side of the foetal heart in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus and to compare it with non-diabetic pregnancies. This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted between August 2018 and March 2019 at Kanuni Sultan Suleyman Research and Training Hospital. Women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-34 weeks of gestation were included in the study and non-diabetic pregnant women were included as the control group. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart were evaluated and compared between the groups. A total of 65 pregestational or gestational diabetic patients and 65 non-diabetic patients were included in the study. Isovolumetric contraction time and isovolumetric relaxation time values were significantly longer in the diabetic group (p < .001). Ejection time values were significantly shorter in the diabetic group (p < .001). MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group than the non-diabetic group (p < .001). In conclusion, MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus causes foetal cardiomyopathy and foetal diastolic dysfunction. Myocardial performance index (MPI) is a non-invasive, Doppler-derived myocardial performance assessment that is independent of both heart rate and ventricular anatomy.What do the results of this study add? MPI of the right side of the foetal heart was significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. There was no difference in right ventricular MPI between pregestational and gestational groups in diabetic pregnancies, and between insulin using and not insulin using groups.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our study results are promising. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. Prospective cohort studies evaluating serial MPI and evaluating by postpartum foetal echocardiography are needed to evaluate possible adverse effects of diabetes on foetal cardiac functions.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events.; Recent studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. GDM has also been shown to be a risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after pregnancy. However, there is limited evidence regarding the role of intercurrent T2DM on the relationship between GDM and future CVD. Thus, we investigated the risks of incident cardiovascular events among women with GDM during pregnancy compared to women without GDM and whether the increased CVD risk is dependent on intercurrent development of T2DM. We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study using the Korean National Health Insurance Service claims database. Outcomes were the first occurrence of any CVD (myocardial infarction, treatment with coronary revascularization, heart failure, and cerebrovascular disease). Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and incident CVD events, using landmark analysis at 4 years. A total of 1,500,168 parous women were included in the analysis, of which 159,066 (10.60%) had GDM. At a median follow-up of 12.8 years, 13,222 incident cases of total CVD were observed. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratio for total CVD among women with prior GDM, compared with those without GDM, was 1.08 (95% CI 1.02-1.14). Further classifying GDM by progression to T2DM in relation to total CVD risk indicated a positive association for GDM with progression to T2DM vs no GDM or T2DM (HR 1.74; 95% CI 1.40-2.15), and no statistically significant association for GDM only (HR 1.06; 95% CI 1.00-1.12). GDM with subsequent progression to T2DM were linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. These findings highlight the need for more vigilant postpartum screening for diabetes and the implementation of diabetes interventions in women with a history of GDM to reduce future CVD risk.
[ASSOCIATION BETWEEN PREGNANCY COMPLICATIONS AND LONG TERM MATERNAL CARDIOVASCULAR MORBIDITY].; In recent years there is a significant increase in the rate of the metabolic syndrome. Correspondingly, and possibly due to this increase, there is a significant increase in cardiovascular events in women. Contradictory to the concept that obstetric complication is limited to pregnancy, some obstetric complications may cause or seemingly provide a preliminary sign for future maternal morbidity. In recent years there have been an increasing number of studies that examined the theory that vascular-related complications of pregnancy may be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular morbidity. We present a review of the literature, in addition to a series of studies conducted in Soroka University Medical Center that examined the association between pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, placental abruption and recurrent pregnancy loss and future long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
Hypertension complicating diabetic pregnancies: pathophysiology, management, and controversies.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including pre-existing hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia, further complicate already high-risk pregnancies in women with diabetes mellitus (DM). Women with both pre-existing and gestational diabetes are at increased risk for HDP, leading to higher maternal and fetal morbidity. Further, particularly in diabetic women and women with a history of gestational diabetes, HDP significantly increases the risk for future cardiovascular events. For clinicians, women with hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy pose a management challenge. Specifically, preconception management should stress strict control of glycemia, blood pressure, and prevention of diabetic complications, specifically nephropathy, which specifically increases the risk for preeclampsia. During gestation, clinicians must be aware of potential maternal and fetal complications associated with various anti-hypertensive therapies, including known fetotoxicity of ACE inhibitors and ARBs when given in the 2nd or 3rd trimester, and the risks and benefits of expectant management versus delivery in cases of severe gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. Indeed, diabetic women must be followed closely prior to conception and throughout gestation to minimize the risk of HDP and its associated complications.
The birth of cardiac disease: Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the biggest killer worldwide, composing a major economic burden for health care systems. Obesity and diabetes are dual epidemics on the rise and major risk factors predisposing for CVD. Increased obesity- and diabetes-related incidence is now observed among children, adolescents, and young adults. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic pregnancy disorder, and its prevalence is rapidly increasing. During pregnancies complicated by GDM, the offspring are exposed to a compromised intrauterine environment characterized by hyperglycemic periods. Unfavorable in utero conditions at critical periods of fetal cardiac development can produce developmental adaptations that remodel the cardiovascular system in a way that can contribute to adult-onset of heart disease due to the programming during fetal life. Epidemiological studies have reported increased cardiovascular complications among GDM-descendants, highlighting the urgent need to investigate and understand the mechanisms modulated during fetal development of in utero GDM-exposed offspring that predispose an individual to increased CVD during life. In this manuscript, we overview previous studies in this area and gather evidence linking GDM and CVD development in the offspring, providing new insights on novel mechanisms contributing to offspring CVD programming by GDM, from the role of maternal-fetal interactions to their impact on fetal cardiovascular development, how the perpetuation of cardiac programming is maintained in postnatal life, and advance the intergenerational implications contributing to increased CVD premature origin. Understanding the perpetuation of CVD can be the first step to manage and reverse this leading cause of morbidity and mortality. This article is categorized under: Reproductive System Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Cardiovascular Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Metabolic Diseases > Genetics/Genomics/Epigenetics.
Assessment and management of pregnancies complicated by pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is a commonly encountered medical complication of pregnancy that affects more than 100,000 pregnancies annually. The discovery of insulin and numerous scientific advances, including both fetal heart rate and glucose monitoring, dramatically improved the outlook for women with diabetes and their offspring. However, despite these recent advances, women with diabetes and their infants still remain at higher risk for a number of complications. Pregnancy has frequently been characterized as having a diabetogenic effect on normal carbohydrate metabolism, as evidenced by hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia in response to feeding. This leads to gestational diabetes in 2% to 3% of women and a worsened metabolic state in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Since the availability of nutrients for the fetus is primarily dependent on the maternal metabolic state, these aberrations in fuel metabolism are believed to result in a host of perinatal complications, including diabetic embryopathy. In fact, the frequency of congenital anomalies is increased among infants of women with diabetes; they are responsible for approximately 40% of all perinatal deaths. Recent evidence suggests that normalization of blood glucose levels coupled with contemporary management strategies can reduce the frequency of congenital anomalies as well as improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. However, to impact on the congenital anomalies, euglycemia must begin in the preconceptual period and continue throughout organogenesis. Preconception counseling and intensive therapy regimens remain the focus of management programs targeted at women with diabetes.
Effects of gestational and pregestational diabetes mellitus on the foetal heart: a cross-sectional study.; We examined the foetal cardiac structural and functional characteristics in diabetic pregnancies versus non-diabetic, healthy pregnancies. Between August 2015 and April 2016, 32 pregnant women with pregestational diabetes, 36 pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and 42 healthy pregnant women were scheduled to have foetal echocardiograms to assess cardiac structure and function. In the diabetic groups, the foetal interventricular septum (IVS) thickness was significantly greater than in non-diabetics (p < .05) but none had an IVS >2 SD from normal. The peak velocity of tricuspid E, and the E/A ratio were significantly lower in the diabetic groups (p < .05). Tricuspid valve E(a) values and the E(a)/A(a) ratio were lower in the diabetic group than in the control group (p < .05) but there was no significant difference between the pre-GDM and GDM groups (p > .05). Interventricular septal hypertrophy is the most common structural abnormality in diabetic pregnancies. These changes do not pose a risk to the foetal unless they cause functional impairment. Thus, we believe that it is important for diabetic pregnant women to be monitored for foetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction. Impact statement What is already known on this subject? Pregestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is a relatively common condition in pregnancy, affecting up to 0.5% of the pregnant population. Foetuses of diabetic mothers are at an increased risk of perinatal morbidity and death. Gestational diabetes mellitus is under-recognised and affects up to 4% of pregnancies. Although diabetes mellitus is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular defects and structural changes (myocardial hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction) due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinism, similar data in women with gestational diabetes is scarce. Moreover, the effect of maternal hyperglycaemia on foetal cardiac structure and function is unclear because of discordant results from previous studies. What do the results of this study add? In this study, we have used foetal echocardiography, two-dimensional US, pulsed wave Doppler and TDI to characterise the foetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancies as well as in the pregnancies complicated by GDM, and pregestational DM. Interventricular septum thickness is increased in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus and impaired diastolic function. The dominant right ventricle of the foetal circulation was affected earlier than the left ventricle. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Large population-based studies are required to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in patients with pregestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes in the utility of routine screening.
Human Placental Growth Hormone Variant in Pathological Pregnancies.; Growth hormone (GH), an endocrine hormone, primarily secreted from the anterior pituitary, stimulates growth, cell reproduction, and regeneration and is a major regulator of postnatal growth. Humans have two GH genes that encode two versions of GH proteins: a pituitary version (GH-N/GH1) and a placental GH-variant (GH-V/GH2), which are expressed in the syncytiotrophoblast and extravillous trophoblast cells of the placenta. During pregnancy, GH-V replaces GH-N in the maternal circulation at mid-late gestation as the major circulating form of GH. This remarkable change in spatial and temporal GH secretion patterns is proposed to play a role in mediating maternal adaptations to pregnancy. GH-V is associated with fetal growth, and its circulating concentrations have been investigated across a range of pregnancy complications. However, progress in this area has been hindered by a lack of readily accessible and reliable assays for measurement of GH-V. This review will discuss the potential roles of GH-V in normal and pathological pregnancies and will touch on the assays used to quantify this hormone.
Diabetes care in remote Australia: the antenatal, postpartum and inter-pregnancy period.; BACKGROUND: Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women experience high rates of diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), contributing to health risks for mother and infant, and the intergenerational cycle of diabetes. By enhancing diabetes management during pregnancy, postpartum and the interval between pregnancies, the DIP Partnership aims to improve health outcomes and reduce risks early in the life-course. We describe a mixed methods formative study of health professional's perspectives of antenatal and post-partum diabetes screening and management, including enablers and barriers to care. METHODS: Health professionals involved in providing diabetes care in pregnancy, from a range of health services across the Northern Territory, completed the survey (n = 82) and/or took part in interviews and/or focus groups (n = 62). RESULTS: Qualitative findings highlighted factors influencing the delivery of care as reported by health professionals, including: whose responsibility it is, access to care, the baby is the focus and pre-conception care. The main challenges were related to: disjointed systems and confusion around whose role it is to provide follow-up care beyond six weeks post-partum. Quantitative findings indicated that the majority of health professionals reported confidence in their own skills to manage women in the antenatal period (62%, 40/79) and slightly lower rates of confidence in the postpartum interval (57%, 33/58). CONCLUSION: These findings regarding whose role it is to provide postpartum care, along with opportunities to improve communication pathways and follow up care have informed the design of a complex health intervention to improve health systems and the provision of DIP related care.
Diabetes mellitus and birth defects.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine associations between diabetes mellitus and 39 birth defects. STUDY DESIGN: This was a multicenter case-control study of mothers of infants who were born with (n = 13,030) and without (n = 4895) birth defects in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study (1997-2003). RESULTS: Pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) was associated significantly with noncardiac defects (isolated, 7/23 defects; multiples, 13/23 defects) and cardiac defects (isolated, 11/16 defects; multiples, 8/16 defects). Adjusted odds ratios for PGDM and all isolated and multiple defects were 3.17 (95% CI, 2.20-4.99) and 8.62 (95% CI, 5.27-14.10), respectively. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was associated with fewer noncardiac defects (isolated, 3/23 defects; multiples, 3/23 defects) and cardiac defects (isolated, 3/16 defects; multiples, 2/16 defects). Odds ratios between GDM and all isolated and multiple defects were 1.42 (95% CI, 1.17-1.73) and 1.50 (95% CI, 1.13-2.00), respectively. These associations were limited generally to offspring of women with prepregnancy body mass index > or =25 kg/m(2). CONCLUSION: PGDM was associated with a wide range of birth defects; GDM was associated with a limited group of birth defects.
Association of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Left Ventricular Structure and Function: The CARDIA Study.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predicts incident cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, mechanisms linking GDM to CVD beyond intervening incident diabetes are not well understood. We examined the relation of GDM with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular (LV) structure and function, which are important predictors of future CVD risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 609 women (43% black) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study who delivered one or more births during follow-up and had echocardiograms in 1990-1991 (mean age 28.8 years) and 2010-2011. RESULTS: During the 20-year follow-up, 965 births were reported, with GDM developing in 64 women (10.5%). In linear regression models adjusted for sociodemographic factors, BMI, physical activity, parity, smoking, use of oral contraceptives, alcohol intake, family history of coronary heart disease, systolic blood pressure, and lipid levels, women with GDM had impaired longitudinal peak strain (-15.0 vs. -15.7%, P = 0.025), circumferential peak strain (-14.8 vs. -15.6%, P = 0.028), lateral e' wave velocity (11.0 vs. 11.8 cm/s, P = 0.012), and septal e' wave velocity (8.6 vs. 9.3 cm/s, P = 0.015) in 2010-2011 and a greater 20-year increase in LV mass indexed to body surface area (14.3 vs. 6.0 g/m(2), P = 0.006) compared with women with non-GDM pregnancies. Further adjustment for incident type 2 diabetes after pregnancy did not attenuate these associations. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy complicated by GDM is independently associated with increased LV mass and impaired LV relaxation and systolic function. Implementation of postpartum cardiovascular health interventions in women with a history of GDM may offer an additional opportunity to reduce future CVD risk.
Lifetime Duration of Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk in Women With Type 2 Diabetes or a History of Gestational Diabetes: Findings From Two Large Prospective Cohorts.; OBJECTIVE: Breastfeeding duration is inversely associated with risks of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes in parous women. However, the association among women at high risk, including women with type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unclear. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We included 15,146 parous women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses' Health Study I and II (NHS, NHS II) and 4,537 women with a history of GDM from NHS II. Participants reported history of breastfeeding via follow-up questionnaires. Incident CVD by 2017 comprised stroke or coronary heart disease (CHD) (myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization). Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) and 95% CIs were estimated using Cox models. RESULTS: We documented 1,159 incident CVD cases among women with type 2 diabetes in both cohorts during 188,874 person-years of follow-up and 132 incident CVD cases among women with a GDM history during 100,218 person-years of follow-up. Longer lifetime duration of breastfeeding was significantly associated with lower CVD risk among women with type 2 diabetes, with pooled aHR of 0.68 (95% CI 0.54-0.85) for >18 months versus 0 months and 0.94 (0.91-0.98) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Similar associations were observed with CHD (pooled aHR 0.93 [0.88-0.97]) but not with stroke (0.96 [0.91-1.02]) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Among women with GDM history, >18 months versus 0 months of breastfeeding was associated with an aHR of 0.49 (0.28-0.86) for total CVD. CONCLUSIONS: Longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower risk of CVD in women with type 2 diabetes or GDM.
Type 2 diabetes after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes among first nations women in Australia: The PANDORA study.; AIMS: To determine among First Nations and Europid pregnant women the cumulative incidence and predictors of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes and describe postpartum cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles. METHODS: PANDORA is a prospective longitudinal cohort of women recruited in pregnancy. Ethnic-specific rates of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes were reported for women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), gestational diabetes (GDM) or normoglycaemia in pregnancy over a short follow-up of 2.5 years (n = 325). Pregnancy characteristics and CVD risk profiles according to glycaemic status, and factors associated with postpartum diabetes/prediabetes were examined in First Nations women. RESULTS: The cumulative incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes among women with DIP or GDM were higher for First Nations women (48%, 13/27, women with DIP, 13%, 11/82, GDM), compared to Europid women (nil DIP or GDM p < 0.001). Characteristics associated with type 2 diabetes/prediabetes among First Nations women with GDM/DIP included, older age, multiparity, family history of diabetes, higher glucose values, insulin use and body mass index (BMI). CONCLUSIONS: First Nations women experience a high incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes after GDM/DIP, highlighting the need for culturally responsive policies at an individual and systems level, to prevent diabetes and its complications.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Overall and Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases: A Population- and Sibling-Matched Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and various incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) end points, considering the effects of the mediating role of type 2 diabetes and shared environmental/familial factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This population-based cohort study included 10,02,486 parous women in Denmark during 1978-2016. We used Cox regression to 1) examine the associations of GDM with overall and type-specific CVDs using full-cohort and sibling-matched analysis, 2) quantify the impact of type 2 diabetes after GDM using mediation analysis, and 3) assess whether these associations were modified by prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. RESULTS: Women with a history of GDM had a 40% increased overall CVD risk (hazard ratio [HR] 1.40, 95% CI 1.35-1.45). Sibling-matched analyses yielded similar results (HR 1.44, 95% CI 1.28-1.62). The proportion of association between GDM and overall CVD explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes was 23.3% (15.4-32.8%). We observed increased risks of specific CVDs, including 65% increased stroke risk and more than twofold risks for myocardial infarction, heart failure, and peripheral artery disease. The elevated overall risks were more pronounced among women with GDM and prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM was associated with increased risks of overall and specific CVDs. Increased risks were partly explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes, and the need to identify other pathways remains important. Continuous monitoring of women with a history of GDM, especially those with prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD, may provide better opportunities to reduce their cardiovascular risk.
Early-life origins of type 2 diabetes: fetal programming of the beta-cell mass.; A substantial body of evidence suggests that an abnormal intrauterine milieu elicited by maternal metabolic disturbances as diverse as undernutrition, placental insufficiency, diabetes or obesity, may program susceptibility in the fetus to later develop chronic degenerative diseases, such as obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. This paper examines the developmental programming of glucose intolerance/diabetes by disturbed intrauterine metabolic condition experimentally obtained in various rodent models of maternal protein restriction, caloric restriction, overnutrition or diabetes, with a focus on the alteration of the developing beta-cell mass. In most of the cases, whatever the type of initial maternal metabolic stress, the beta-cell adaptive growth which normally occurs during gestation, does not take place in the pregnant offspring and this results in the development of gestational diabetes. Therefore gestational diabetes turns to be the ultimate insult targeting the offspring beta-cell mass and propagates diabetes risk to the next generation again. The aetiology and the transmission of spontaneous diabetes as encountered in the GK/Par rat model of type 2 diabetes, are discussed in such a perspective. This review also discusses the non-genomic mechanisms involved in the installation of the programmed effect as well as in its intergenerational transmission.
Prepregnancy obesity and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Prepregnancy obesity is associated with increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcome such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal macrosomia and the need for cesarean delivery. The objectives of this study assessed whether Thai women classified as obese according to WHO's recommended body mass index (BMI) for Asians were at risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other complications such as preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and fetal macrosomia. METHODS: Two hundred and forty women participated in this study and followed prospectively until delivery. Half of the women (n = 120) were obese (BMI ≥ 27.5 kg/m2) and the other half (n = 120) had normal weight (BMI > 18.5-23 kg/m2). Maternal demographic data, obstetric and neonatal outcomes from both groups were compared to each other. Relative risk and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. RESULTS: Compared to normal weight women, obese Thai women were not at increased risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (RR = 0.9 [95% CI 0.6-1.4]). Relative risk of preeclampsia and fetal macrosomia in obese women were 0.7 [95% CI 0.2-3.3] and 1.4 [95% CI 0.5-4.3], respectively. Relative risk of gestational hypertension in obese women was 12 [95% CI 1.6-90.8]. CONCLUSION: When WHO's classification of obesity was used for Asian populations, prepregnancy obesity without metabolic problems did not increase the risk for GDM, preeclampsia and fetal macrosomia in Thai women. But, prepregnancy obesity continued to increase the risk for developing gestational hypertension.
Mechanisms of Congenital Malformations in Pregnancies with Pre-existing Diabetes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Fetuses of diabetic mothers are at increased risk for congenital malformations. Research in recent decades using animal and embryonic stem cell models has revealed many embryonic developmental processes that are disturbed by maternal diabetes. The aim of this review is to give clinicians a better understanding of the reasons for rigorous glycemic control in early pregnancy, and to provide background to guide future research. RECENT FINDINGS: Mouse models of diabetic pregnancy have revealed mechanisms for altered expression of tissue-specific genes that lead to malformations that are more common in diabetic pregnancies, such as neural tube defects (NTDs) and congenital heart defects (CHDs), and how altered gene expression causes apoptosis that leads to malformations. Embryos express the glucose transporter, GLUT2, which confers susceptibility to malformation, due to high rates of glucose uptake during maternal hyperglycemia and subsequent oxidative stress; however, the teleological function of GLUT2 for mammalian embryos may be to transport the amino sugar glucosamine (GlcN) from maternal circulation to be used as substrate for glycosylation reactions and to promote embryo cell growth. Malformations in diabetic pregnancy may be not only due to excess glucose uptake but also due to insufficient GlcN uptake. Avoiding maternal hyperglycemia during early pregnancy should prevent excess glucose uptake via GLUT2 into embryo cells, and also permit sufficient GLUT2-mediated GlcN uptake.
Effects of pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain on adverse pregnancy outcomes and complications of GDM.; To investigate the effects of pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain on adverse pregnancy outcomes and complications of gestational diabetes mellitus. 3966 pregnant women were enrolled in this study. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was conducted to estimate the relative risk between pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, and adverse pregnancy outcome. Pre-pregnancy BMI was found to be a risk factor for preeclampsia (OR = 1.159), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.191), gestational hypertension (OR = 1.221), and macrosomia (OR = 1.165). Gestational weight gain was a risk factor for preeclampsia (OR = 1.783), placental abruption (OR = 2.209), and macrosomia (OR = 1.506). Total weight gain during pregnancy cannot be used as a predictor of GDM. Pre-pregnancy BMI is a risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus complicated with preeclampsia, preterm delivery, gestational hypertension, and macrosomia. Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Obesity during pregnancy includes pre-pregnancy obesity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy. Obese pregnant women have a higher risk of pregnancy complications.What do the results of this study add? We focus on the effects of pre-pregnancy BMI on pregnancy outcomes, classified by Asian criteria. Our findings suggest for the first time that excessive weight gain during pregnancy is a risk factor for placental abruption and we specifically point out that total weight gain during pregnancy cannot be used as a predictor of GDM.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? This study is helpful to monitor the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in the Asian population and suggest the risk of pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus and placental abruption.
Insulin resistance and preeclampsia.; Insulin resistance appears to be a causative mechanism for the development of essential hypertension. Insulin resistance syndrome consists of a cluster of abnormalities that aggravate preexisting tendencies to develop hypertension, resulting in a cascade of physiologic alterations and ultimately leading to increased rates of heart attack, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease. Like hypertension, NIDD is mediated by insulin resistance and is expressed in individuals with limited beta-cell reserve. Episodes of increased insulin resistance, such as aging, weight gain, and pregnancy, cannot be compensated for in these states, and glucose intolerance results. In the case of pregnancy, the temporary state of insulin resistance unmasks individuals with an early beta-cell defect and allows for identification of high-risk groups at a time when therapeutic interventions could result in primary prevention of disease. Evidence is beginning to accumulate that preeclampsia is at least partially mediated by insulin resistance as well, and that individuals with preeclampsia may have clinically silent but persistent alterations in insulin resistance. If this condition proves a corollary to gestational diabetes, there may be an opportunity to intervene for primary prevention of some forms of essential hypertension as well. The availability of new pharmacologic agents to enhance insulin sensitivity represents a true opportunity effectively to prevent the long-term complications associated with insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. To achieve this goal, early and accurate identification of populations at risk is essential. A complete understanding of the role of insulin resistance in the generation of preeclampsia will aid significantly in the discovery of the genetic polymorphisms and intracellular pathways by which insulin resistance is translated into cardiovascular disease, stroke, and nephropathy.
Risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in women with vaginal bleeding before 20 gestational weeks: Danish population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Women's reproductive health is associated with cardiovascular morbidity. However, an association of vaginal bleeding (VB) in pregnancy with diabetes and cardiovascular outcomes has scarcely been investigated. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study in Denmark (1994-2018). Using nationwide registries, among 903 327 women we identified 1 901 725 pregnancies: 39 265 ended in childbirth and were affected by VB; 1 389 285 ended in childbirth and were unaffected by VB; 333 785 ended in a termination, and 139 390 ended in a miscarriage. The outcomes were diabetes types 1 and 2, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease including myocardial infarction, atrial fibrillation or flutter, heart failure and ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke. We computed incidence rates and hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) adjusted for age, calendar year of pregnancy end, morbidities and reproductive and socioeconomic factors, using inverse probability of treatment-weighted Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: In analyses of VB-affected vs VB-unaffected pregnancies, aHRs were 1.15 (1.03-1.28) for diabetes type 1, 1.19 (1.13-1.26) for diabetes type 2, 1.19 (1.14-1.25) for hypertension, 1.26 (1.16-1.37) for ischaemic heart disease, 1.21 (1.03-1.42) for myocardial infarction, 1.32 (1.14-1.51) for atrial fibrillation or flutter and 1.23 (0.99-1.52) for heart failure. aHRs were 1.41 (1.26-1.57) and 1.46 (1.23-1.72) for ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke, respectively. When contrasting VB-affected pregnancies with terminations, aHRs were up to 1.3-fold increased for diabetes and hypertension; however, when contrasting VB-affected pregnancies with miscarriages, estimates were below or close to the null value. CONCLUSIONS: Women's risks of diabetes and cardiovascular outcomes later in life were increased following VB-affected vs VB-unaffected pregnancy or termination, but not following VB-affected pregnancy vs miscarriage.
Gestational weight gain and pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: We aimed to explore the relationship between gestational weight gain (GWG) after Institute of Medicine (IOM) and pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study at a tertiary medical center (1981-2011). OUTCOME VARIABLES: 2 maternal and 14 fetal. Main exposure variable: GWG according to IOM. We calculated crude and adjusted ORs as well as population attributable (PAF) and preventable fractions (PPF) for significant positive and negative associations, respectively. RESULTS: We evaluated 633 pregnant women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. GWG was insufficient (iGWG) in 16.7% and excessive (eGWG) in 50.7%. In the adjusted analysis, GWG according to IOM was significantly associated with maternal outcomes (pregnancy-induced hypertension and cesarean delivery) and four fetal outcomes (large-for-gestational age, macrosomia, small-for-gestational age and neonatal respiratory distress). The association with large-for-gestational age newborns was negative for iGWG (0.48, CI 95% 0.25-0.94) and positive for eGWG (1.76, CI 95% 1.18-2.63). In addition, iGWG was associated with a higher risk of small-for-gestational age newborns and respiratory distress and eGWG with a higher risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, caesarean delivery and macrosomia. PAF and PPF ranged from the 20.4% PPF of iGWG for large-for-gestational age to 56.5% PAF of eGWG for macrosomia. CONCLUSION: In this cohort of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, inadequate GWG after IOM was associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes; associations were unfavorable for eGWG and mixed for iGWG. The attributable fractions were not moderate, pointing to the potential impact of modifying inadequate GWG.
Fetal cardiac morphology and geometry in pregnancies with class A1 and A2 gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether certain parameters on fetal cardiac morphology and geometry measured at 20-22 weeks of gestation differ in subsequently diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies and whether these changes are associated with disease severity as indicated by class A1 and A2 GDM. METHOD: It was designed as a retrospective study. All measurements were taken between 20 and 22 weeks of gestation. We compared fetal cardiac structural measurements of 200 uncomplicated pregnancies (control group) with those of 307 GDM patients (160 of the them were regulated with diet (GDM A1) and 147 of them received insulin treatment (GDM A2) during pregnancy). GDM were diagnosed between 24-28 weeks of gestation with 75 gram (g) oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: The interventricular septum (IVS) was thicker in both in GDM A2 and GDM A1 than control (p < .001, p < .001), and there was statistically significant difference between GDM A2 and GDM A1 (p = .012). In both left and right wall thickness in GDM A1 and GDM A2 were remarkably higher than control group (p < .001, p < .001, p < .001, p < .001). The left and right spherical indices were higher in both GDM A1 and GDM A2 groups than controls (p = .021 and p = .028). Left and right area in GDM A1 and GDM A2 groups were significantly smaller than control groups (p < .001 and p = .001). CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes is a common obstetric morbidity, which causes fetal cardiac structural changes. Our study shows that these changes can occur during the early weeks of pregnancy.
Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in assessing the subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease and accompany asymptomatic deterioration of the myocardial function. This study aims to identify the subclinical impact of GDM on maternal left ventricular function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE). METHODS: We prospectively recruited 47 women with GDM and 62 healthy pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) at 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy. GDM diagnosis agreed with the IADPSG criteria. TTE was performed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Conventional echocardiographic data and 2D-STE parameters were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: Age, gestational weeks, heart rate, and conventional echocardiographic parameters had no difference between the two groups. The average LV global longitudinal strain (LV-GLS) of GDM patients was lower than controls (18.14 ± 2.53 vs. 22.36 ± 6.33, p < 0.001), and 31 patients (66%) in our study had an absolute LV-GLS less than 20%. The LA reservoir and conduit strain in patients with GDM were also significantly reduced (32.71 ± 6.64 vs. 38.00 ± 7.06, 20.41 ± 5.69 vs. 25.56 ± 5.73, p < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference in LA contractile function between the two groups. In multiple regression analysis, LV-GLS and LA conduit strain independently associated with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: 2D-STE could detect the subclinical myocardial dysfunction more sensitively than conventional echocardiography, with LV-GLS and LA conduit strain as independent indicators of the GDM impact on maternal cardiac function during pregnancy.
Microalbuminuria: prognostic and therapeutic implications in diabetic and hypertensive pregnancy.; Microalbuminuria is defined as urinary excretion of albumin that is persistently above normal, although below the sensitivity of conventional semiquantative test strips. Several studies have reported that Type 1 diabetic patients with microalbuminuria are apparently more likely to develop diabetic nephropathy eventually progressing to renal failure. Microalbuminuria is also a strong predictor of mortality in Type 2 diabetes, and is correlated with increased blood pressure in patients with benign essential hypertension. Radioimmunoassay revealed a significantly higher urinary albumin excretion rate in normal pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy, compared to the second and first, and compared to non-pregnant women. Microalbuminuria was found in 30% of women who had a record of gestational diabetes mellitus. Published results are controversial regarding the assumption that microalbuminuria is an early predictor of pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications.
Previous gestational diabetes history is associated with impaired coronary flow reserve.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prediabetic state that is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. We have investigated coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) and epicardial fat thickness (EFT), and left ventricular diastolic function in patients with a history of previous GDM (p-GDM). METHODS: Ninety-three women with GDM history and 95 healthy women without GDM history were recruited. We used transthoracic Doppler echocardiography to assess CFVR, EFT, and left ventricular diastolic function. Insulin resistance of each subject was assessed with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Hemoglobin A1c and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were also measured in all patients. RESULTS: CFVR values were significantly lower (2.34 ± 0.39 versus 2.80 ± 0.24, p < 0.001) and EFT values were significantly higher in patients with p-GDM than the control group (5.5 ± 1.3 versus 4.3 ± 1.1, p < 0.001). E/E' ratio (7.21 ± 1.77 versus 6.53 ± 1.38, p = 0.003), hemoglobin A1c (5.2 ± 0.4 and 5.0 ± 0.3, p = 0.001), HOMA-IR (2.8 ± 1.4 versus 1.7 ± 0.9, p = 0.04), and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in the p-GDM group than the control group. Multivariate analysis revealed that gestational diabetes history is independently associated with CFVR. CONCLUSION: Women with a GDM history may be at more risk regarding coronary microvascular dysfunction compared to the healthy ones.
An association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for subsequent long-term cardiovascular morbidity. DESIGN: A population-based study. SETTING: Soroka University Medical Center, a tertiary centre in the southern region of Israel. PATIENTS: A cohort of women with and without a diagnosis of GDM who delivered during the years 1988-1999 with a follow-up period until 2010. INTERVENTIONS: A comparison of the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity. RESULTS: Of 47 909 deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, 4928 (10.3%) occurred in patients who were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, compared with women who gave birth at the same time period, after adjustment for age and ethnicity, patients with GDM had higher rates of cardiovascular morbidity including non-invasive cardiac diagnostic procedures (OR=1.8; 95% CI 1.4 to 2.2), simple cardiovascular events (OR=2.7; 95% CI 2.4 to 3.1) and total cardiovascular hospitalisations (OR=2.3; 95% CI 2.0 to 2.5). In a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for comorbidities such as pre-eclampsia and obesity, GDM was independently associated with cardiovascular hospitalisations (adjusted HR 2.6, 95% CI 2.3 to 3). CONCLUSIONS: GDM is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade.
Diabetes among Alaska Natives: a review.; This review summarizes the published information on diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes among Alaska Natives. The most recently published age-adjusted prevalence was 28.3/1000 in 1998. There is evidence of a steadily increasing prevalence, documented both by cross sectional screening studies and patient registry methods. The overall incidence rates in 1986-1998 of lower extremity amputation (6.1/1000) and renal replacement therapy (2.1/1000) appear to be lower than those in other Native American populations in the United States. Incidence of stroke and MI in 1986-1998 varied widely by ethnic group and gender with Eskimo women having the highest rate of stroke (19.6/1000), and Aleut men the highest rate of MI (14/1000). The overall mortality among diabetic Alaska Native people in 1986-1993 (43.2/1000) was somewhat lower than that in other US diabetic populations, with heart disease being the most common cause of death. A high rate of gestational diabetes (6.7%) was reported in one region in 1987-88, but this appeared to decline following nutritional education intervention. In screening studies, the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance has been found to be positively associated with body mass index and negatively associated with daily seal oil or salmon consumption and higher levels of physical activity. Observations on the prevalence and relationships among other factors in the insulin resistance syndrome are summarized. Suggestions for prevention of diabetes and further studies are presented.
Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on subclinical myocardial dysfunction during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subclinical myocardial dysfunction has been poorly investigated. Accordingly, we performed a meta-analysis to examine the influence of GDM on left ventricular (LV) global longitudinal strain (GLS), assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: All echocardiographic studies assessing conventional echoDoppler parameters and LV-GLS in GDM women vs. healthy controls, selected from PubMed and EMBASE databases, were included. The risk of bias was assessed by using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Quality Assessment of Case-Control Studies. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of LV-GLS were calculated using the random-effect model. RESULTS: The full-texts of 10 studies with 1147 women with GDM and 7706 pregnant women without diabetes were analyzed. GDM women enrolled in the included studies were diagnosed with a small reduction in LV-GLS in comparison to controls (average value -19.4 ± 2.5 vs -21.8 ± 2.5 %, P < 0.001) and to the accepted reference values (more negative than -20 %). Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the included studies, with an overall statistic value I(2) of 94.4 % (P < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the included studies, with an overall SMD of -0.97 (95 %CI -1.32, -0.63, P < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a P-value of 0.99, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all moderators and/or potential confounders (age at pregnancy, BMI, systolic blood pressure and ethnicity) were not significantly associated with effect modification (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: GDM is independently associated with subclinical myocardial dysfunction in pregnancy. STE analysis allows to identify, among GDM women, those who might benefit of targeted non-pharmacological and/or pharmacological interventions, aimed at reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular complications later in life.
Manifestations of chronic disease during pregnancy.; CONTEXT: Physiologic changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance, thrombophilia, immunosuppression, and hypervolemia. These changes may herald the development of disease in later life. OBJECTIVE: To summarize current evidence on how pregnancy reveals risk of chronic disease. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: MEDLINE was searched for articles published between 1990 and 2005 relating pregnancy conditions to the development of chronic disease. Bibliographies and the Web sites of the International Society of Obstetric Medicine and International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy were also reviewed. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Pregnancy exaggerates atherogeniclike responses, including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, manifesting as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. These complications herald an increased risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease, with a 2-fold increased risk of coronary artery disease and stroke. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus can progress to type 2 diabetes mellitus. The rate of progression varies from 6% to 92% depending on diagnostic criteria, race/ethnicity, and duration of surveillance (from 6 months to 28 years). Pregnancy increases risk of venous thrombosis by 7- to 10-fold. Heritable thrombophilia is present in at least 15% of Western populations and underlies at least 50% of gestational venous thromboses. Thus, the procoagulant changes during pregnancy can unmask hereditary thrombophilia. An important adaptation leading to immunotolerance of the fetoplacental unit is a switch from helper T-cell (T(H)) 1 dominance to T(H)2 dominance. Patients with a T(H)1-dominant immune disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis, improve during pregnancy. However, rheumatoid arthritis is 5 times more likely to develop after delivery than at any other time. During pregnancy, there is a 50% increase in plasma volume, which can unmask glomerulopathies, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arterial aneurysms, or arteriovenous malformations. Development of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy predicts increased risk of later cholelithiasis. CONCLUSIONS: The physiologic changes of pregnancy can reveal risk of chronic diseases. Exaggerated responses reflective of the metabolic syndrome are seen in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes and can herald future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Pregnancy is therefore an important screening opportunity for cardiovascular and metabolic disease risk factors, with the possibility of early intervention.
Diabetes-related complications of pregnancy.; Diabetes mellitus is a major medical complication of pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Although recent advances have improved outcomes dramatically, the increased incidence of congenital malformations remains a significant problem. In the past, it was believed that pregnancy worsened microvascular complications, and women with vasculopathy were counseled to avoid or terminate pregnancies. Recent evidence suggests that normalization of blood glucose levels and current management strategies can lead to improved outcomes even in women with vasculopathy. Today, with the exception of coronary artery disease, women with diabetes may be counseled toward a more favorable outcome. This article discusses preconception planning and contemporary treatment methods.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and High Triglyceride Levels Mediate the Association between Pre-Pregnancy Overweight/Obesity and Macrosomia: A Prospective Cohort Study in Central China.; The purpose of this study is to investigate whether the link between pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and risk of macrosomia is mediated by both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and high maternal triglyceride (mTG) levels. This prospective study finally included 29,415 singleton term pregnancies. The outcome of interest was macrosomia (≥4000 g). High mTG levels were denoted as values ≥90th percentile. GDM was diagnosed using a standard 75 g 2 h oral glucose tolerance test. The mediation analysis was conducted using log-binomial regression while controlling for maternal age, education, parity, gestational weight gain, gestational hypertension, smoking, drinking and infant sex. Overall, 15.9% of pregnant women were diagnosed with GDM, and 4.3% were macrosomia. Mediation analysis suggested that overweight had a total effect of 0.009 (95% CI, 0.006-0.013) on macrosomia, with a direct effect of 0.008 (95% CI, 0.004-0.012) and an indirect effect of 0.001 (95% CI, 0.001-0.002), with an estimated proportion of 11.1% mediated by GDM and high mTG levels together. Furthermore, we also discovered a total effect of obesity on macrosomia of 0.038 (95% CI, 0.030-0.047), consisting of a direct effect of 0.037 (95% CI, 0.028-0.045) and an indirect effect of 0.002 (95% CI, 0.001-0.002), with an estimated proportion of 5.3% mediated by GDM and high mTG levels combined. Both GDM and high mTG levels enhanced the risk of macrosomia independently and served as significant mediators in the relationship between pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and macrosomia.
Fetal cardiac effects of maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy.; Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with increased teratogenesis, which can occur in pregestational type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Cardiac defects and with neural tube defects are the most common malformations observed in fetuses of pregestational diabetic mothers. The exact mechanism by which diabetes exerts its teratogenic effects and induces embryonic malformations is unclear. Whereas the sequelae of maternal pregestational diabetes, such as modulating insulin levels, altered fat levels, and increased reactive oxygen species, may play a role in fetal damage during diabetic pregnancy, hyperglycemia is thought to be the primary teratogen, causing particularly adverse effects on cardiovascular development. Fetal cardiac defects are associated with raised maternal glycosylated hemoglobin levels and are up to five times more likely in infants of mothers with pregestational diabetes compared with those without diabetes. The resulting anomalies are varied and include transposition of the great arteries, mitral and pulmonary atresia, double outlet of the right ventricle, tetralogy of Fallot, and fetal cardiomyopathy.A wide variety of rodent models have been used to study diabetic teratogenesis. Both genetic and chemically induced models of type 1 and 2 diabetes have been used to examine the effects of hyperglycemia on fetal development. Factors such as genetic background as well as confounding variables such as obesity appear to influence the severity of fetal abnormalities in mice. In this review, we will summarize recent data on fetal cardiac effects from human pregestational diabetic mothers, as well as the most relevant findings in rodent models of diabetic cardiac teratogenesis.
Pregnancy And Neonatal Diabetes Outcomes in Remote Australia: the PANDORA study-an observational birth cohort.; BACKGROUND: In Australia's Northern Territory, 33% of babies are born to Indigenous mothers, who experience high rates of hyperglycemia in pregnancy. We aimed to determine the extent to which pregnancy outcomes for Indigenous Australian women are explained by relative frequencies of diabetes type [type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM)]. METHODS: This prospective birth cohort study examined participants recruited from a hyperglycemia in pregnancy register. Baseline data collected were antenatal and perinatal clinical information, cord blood and neonatal anthropometry. Of 1135 women (48% Indigenous), 900 had diabetes: 175 T2DM, 86 newly diagnosed diabetes in pregnancy (DIP) and 639 had GDM. A group of 235 women without hyperglycemia in pregnancy was also recruited. RESULTS: Diabetes type differed for Indigenous and non-Indigenous women (T2DM, 36 vs 5%; DIP, 15 vs 7%; GDM, 49 vs 88%, p < 0.001). Within each diabetes type, Indigenous women were younger and had higher smoking rates. Among women with GDM/DIP, Indigenous women demonstrated poorer birth outcomes than non-Indigenous women: large for gestational age, 19 vs 11%, p = 0·002; neonatal fat 11.3 vs 10.2%, p < 0.001. In the full cohort, on multivariate regression, T2DM and DIP were independently associated (and Indigenous ethnicity was not) with pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Higher rates of T2DM among Indigenous women predominantly contribute to absolute poorer pregnancy outcomes among Indigenous women with hyperglycemia. As with Indigenous and minority populations globally, prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes in younger women is vital to improve pregnancy outcomes and possibly to improve the long-term health of their offspring.
Growth and neurodevelopmental outcome of children born to mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes.; Diabetes during pregnancy may be associated with a high rate of congenital anomalies, disturbances of intrauterine growth and often post-natal neurobehavioral abnormalities in the offspring. The latter are associated with pregestational (PGD) as well as with gestational diabetes (GD). In this review we discuss the effects of maternal glucose intolerance on the long-term growth and development of the offspring. In well-controlled diabetes, birth weight is often within normal limits while in partially controlled diabetes newborns are often macrosomic. In PGD mothers with nephropathy, newborns tend to be born prematurely and small for gestational age (SGA). Offspring of diabetic mothers are often large and overweight in comparison to controls. Their long-term development is sometimes impaired. Delayed brain maturity is often observed in newborns of diabetic mothers compared to controls. The IQ scores of the children born to well controlled diabetic mothers are generally similar to that of control children. However, these children perform less well than controls in fine and gross motor functions. They also seem to have a higher rate of inattention and/or hyperactivity as observed by various tests and questionnaires. In our studies we found, in accordance with published literature, a negative correlation between the performance of the children born to mothers with PGD or GD on various neurodevelopmental and behavioral tests and the severity of maternal hyperglycemia as assessed by blood glycosylated hemoglobin levels and acetonuria. IN CONCLUSION: PGD or GD may adversely affect intrauterine and postnatal growth, attention span and motor functions of the offspring, but not their cognitive ability unless complicated by nephropathy or hypertension. These effects are negatively correlated with the degree of maternal glycemic control.
Continuous glucose monitoring during pregnancy in healthy mice.; During pregnancy, metabolic adaptations occur to maintain the balance between maternal and foetal growth, including increased insulin secretion and decreased insulin sensitivity. When the body fails to adjust, gestational diabetes mellitus develops. To gain insight in the pregnancy-induced adaptations, we applied continuous glucose monitoring via telemetric transmitters. We show that continuous glucose monitoring in conscious, non-stressed, freely moving mice throughout the full pregnancy is feasible, accurate and safe. We show that healthy mice during a full pregnancy develop adaptations in glucose homeostasis reminiscent of those in pregnant women. Furthermore, continuous glucose monitoring allows the complete analysis of all aspects of glucose excursions associated with spontaneous feeding episodes, and the thorough analysis of glycaemic variability. In conclusion, continuous glucose monitoring allows a detailed description of the glycaemic status during pregnancy, which will help to unravel specific mechanisms for gestational diabetes mellitus.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated Fatty acids in gestational diabetes: consequences in macrosomia and adulthood obesity.; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are increasingly being used to prevent cardiovascular diseases, including diabetes and obesity. In this paper, we report data on the observed effects of omega-3 PUFA on major metabolic disorders and immune system disruption during gestational diabetes and their consequences on macrosomia. While controversies still exist about omega-3 PUFA effects on antioxidant status regarding the level of omega-3 PUFA in diet supplementation, their lipid-lowering effects are unanimously recognized by researchers. Animal studies have shown that omega-3 PUFA contributes to the maintenance of the immune defense system by promoting the differentiation of T helper (Th) cell to a Th2 phenotype in diabetic pregnancy and by shifting the Th1/Th2 ratio from a deleterious proinflammatory Th1 phenotype to a protective anti-inflammatory Th2 phenotype in macrosomia and in adulthood obesity that results from macrosomia at birth. Based on the available evidence, international nutritional and food agencies recommend administration of omega-3 PUFA as triglyceride-lowering agents, for the prevention of cardiovascular disease risk and during human pregnancy and lactation. Furthermore, studies targeting humans are still required to explore application of the fatty acids as supplement in the management of gestational diabetes and inflammatory and immune diseases.
Impact of the IADPSG criteria for gestational diabetes, and of obesity, on pregnancy outcomes.; BACKGROUND: The adoption of the International Association of Diabetes Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Australia has been controversial. Obesity in pregnancy is also a growing concern. AIMS: To assess the impact of IADPSG criteria on the incidence of GDM and pregnancy outcomes, and to compare this to the effect of obesity, particularly among women who would not have GDM by the Australasian Diabetes in Pregnancy Society 1998 criteria (ADIPS1998). MATERIAL AND METHODS: A retrospective observational cohort study linking results of 75 g glucose tolerance tests with demographic and pregnancy data was conducted. RESULTS: In our cohort of 6175 pregnancies, GDM was present in 926 (15%) women by the ADIPS1998 criteria; it increased to 1098 (17.8%) women by the IADPSG criteria. Among the 5248 pregnancies which did not meet the ADIPS1998 criteria and were not treated for GDM, women with IADPSG GDM had increased risk of gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, induction of labour (IOL), primary caesarean section (PCS) and large for gestational age (LGA) compared to women without GDM (all P < 0.05), whereas obese women had increased risk of gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, IOL, PCS, small for gestational age (SGA) and shoulder dystocia compared to women of normal weight (all P < 0.05). On multivariate analysis, IADPSG GDM was an independent risk factor only for IOL (P = 0.04) and LGA (<0.001). Obesity was an independent risk factor for gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, IOL, PCS, shoulder dystocia and SGA (all P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Within our population, of women who are not currently treated for GDM, obesity is associated with greater pregnancy risk than GDM diagnosed by IADPSG criteria.
Early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is not assessed within the first 10 years postpartum, regardless of subsequent diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine the risk of CVD events related to GDM within 7 years of postpartum. METHODS: This nationwide population-based study of deliveries in 2007 and 2008 with a follow-up of 7 years was based on data from the French medico-administrative database. Two groups were formed: women with a history of GDM and women without GDM or previous diabetes. CVD included angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, stroke, heart bypass surgery, coronary angioplasty, carotid endarterectomy and fibrinolysis. Hypertensive disease was assessed separately. Determinants studied included age, obesity, subsequent diabetes mellitus and hypertensive diseases during pregnancy. Adjusted odds ratios for outcomes were calculated using multiple logistic regressions. RESULTS: The hospital database recorded 1,518,990 deliveries in 2007 and 2008. Among these, 62,958 women had a history of GDM. After adjusting for age, DM, obesity and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, GDM was significantly associated with a higher risk of CVD (adjusted Odds Ratio aOR = 1.25 [1.09-1.43]). Considering each variable in a separate model, GDM was associated with angina pectoris (aOR = 1.68 [1.29-2.20]), myocardial infarction (aOR = 1.92 [1.36-2.71]) and hypertension (aOR = 2.72 [2.58-2.88]) but not with stroke. CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM was identified as a risk factor of CVD, especially coronary vascular diseases, within the 7 years postpartum. A lifestyle changes from postpartum onwards can be recommended and supported.
Gestational Diabetes History and Glucose Tolerance After Pregnancy Associated With Coronary Artery Calcium in Women During Midlife: The CARDIA Study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GD) leads to earlier onset and heightened risk of type 2 diabetes, a strong risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear whether attaining normoglycemia can ameliorate the excess CVD risk associated with GD history. This study sought to evaluate GD history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcification (CAC) in women, a manifestation of atherosclerotic CVD and a predictor of CVD clinical events. METHODS: Data were obtained from the CARDIA study (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults), a US multicenter, community-based prospective cohort of young Black (50%) and White adults aged 18 to 30 years at baseline (1985-1986). The sample included 1133 women without diabetes at baseline, who had ≥1 singleton births (n=2066) during follow-up, glucose tolerance testing at baseline and up to 5 times during 25 years (1986-2011), GD status, and CAC measurements obtained from 1 or more follow up examinations at years 15, 20, and 25 (2001-2011). CAC was measured by noncontrast cardiac computed tomography; dichotomized as Any CAC (score>0) or No CAC (score=0). Complementary log-log models for interval-censored data estimated adjusted hazard ratios of CAC and 95% confidence intervals for GD history and subsequent glucose tolerance groups (normoglycemia, prediabetes, or incident diabetes) on average 14.7 years after the last birth adjusted for prepregnancy and follow-up covariates. RESULTS: Of 1133 women, 139 (12.3%) reported GD and were 47.6 years of age (4.8 SD) at follow-up. CAC was present in 25% (34/139) of women with GD and 15% (149/994) of women with no GD. In comparison with no GD/normoglycemia, adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) were 1.54 (1.06-2.24) for no GD/prediabetes and 2.17 (1.30-3.62) for no GD/incident diabetes, and 2.34 (1.34-4.09), 2.13 (1.09-4.17), and 2.02 (0.98-4.19) for GD/normoglycemia, GD/prediabetes, and GD/incident diabetes, respectively (overall P=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Women without previous GD showed a graded increase in the risk of CAC associated with worsening glucose tolerance. Women with a history of GD had a 2-fold higher risk of CAC across all subsequent levels of glucose tolerance. Midlife atherosclerotic CVD risk among women with previous GD is not diminished by attaining normoglycemia.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Nondiabetic Patients with an Elevated Early Pregnancy HbA1c.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the impact of elevated early hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values on perinatal outcomes in patients without a diagnosis of diabetes or gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective study of patients with a singleton pregnancy who underwent universal HbA1c screening in early pregnancy at an urban tertiary care center between December 1, 2016, and December 31, 2018. Patients with pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) and gestational DM (GDM) were excluded from analysis. The exposure of interest was HbA1c of 5.7 to 6.4% as measured on routine prenatal bloodwork at or during 16 weeks' gestation. The following pregnancy outcomes were assessed: preterm delivery <37 weeks, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, shoulder dystocia, macrosomia (birth weight >4,000 g), small or large for gestational age neonate, operative vaginal delivery, third- or fourth-degree lacerations, cesarean delivery, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, neonatal hypoglycemia, and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia. Multivariable regression was performed to assess the relationship between HbA1c and selected adverse outcomes while controlling for potential confounders RESULTS:  Of the 2,621 patients who met inclusion criteria, 334 (12.7%) had an elevated HbA1c of 5.7 to 6.4%. Patients with an elevated HbA1c were more likely to be older, Black, multiparous, publically insured, obese, or have chronic hypertension than patients with normal HbA1c values. In the unadjusted analysis, patients with an elevated HbA1c were less likely to deliver at term (84.7 vs. 92.4%, p = 0.006), but more likely to undergo cesarean section (32.8 vs. 27.6%, p = 0.038), develop hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (31.9 vs. 23.2%, p = 0.001), or deliver a macrosomic infant (10.5 vs. 6.8%, p = 0.016) than those with a normal A1c. After adjusting for race, body mass index, insurance status, nulliparity, and age, however, only the relationship between HbA1c and spontaneous preterm birth remained significant (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.76, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.01-3.07). CONCLUSION: In our urban population, an elevated early HbA1c was associated with spontaneous preterm birth in nondiabetic patients KEY POINTS: · In nondiabetic patients, early pregnancy HbA1c was associated with selected adverse outcomes.. · Rates of preterm birth, pregnancy-induced hypertension, cesarean section, and macrosomia were higher in patients with an elevated HbA1c.. · The relationship between early pregnancy HbA1c and spontaneous preterm birth remained significant after adjustment..
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study.; AIMS: The risk of cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes is poorly understood. We sought to determine whether gestational diabetes increases the risk of cardiovascular disease more than two decades after pregnancy. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of 1,070,667 women who delivered infants in hospitals within Quebec, Canada, between 1989 and 2013. We followed 67,356 women with gestational diabetes and 1,003,311 without gestational diabetes for a maximum of 25.2 years after the index delivery. The main outcome measures were hospitalization for ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, coronary angioplasty, coronary artery bypass graft, and other cardiovascular disorders. We used Cox regression to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing women with gestational diabetes to no gestational diabetes, adjusted for age, parity, socioeconomic deprivation, time period, and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Women with gestational diabetes had a higher cumulative incidence of hospitalization for cardiovascular disease 25 years after delivery (190.8 per 1000 women) compared with no gestational diabetes (117.8 per 1000 women). Gestational diabetes was associated with a higher risk of ischemic heart disease (HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.12-1.36), myocardial infarction (HR 2.14, 95% CI 1.15-2.47), coronary angioplasty (HR 2.23, 95% CI 1.87-2.65), and coronary artery bypass graft (HR 3.16, 95% CI 2.24-4.47). CONCLUSIONS: In this population of pregnant women, gestational diabetes was associated with an increased risk of heart disease 25 years after delivery. Women with gestational diabetes may merit closer monitoring for cardiovascular disease prevention after pregnancy.
Long-Term Follow-Up on Morbidity Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates up to 10% of pregnancies and is a well-known risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Little is known about possible long-term risks of other diseases. BACKGROUND: The aim was to review the literature for evidence of associations with morbidity other than T2DM and cardiovascular disease and with long-term mortality. METHODS: A systematic review based on searches in Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library until March 31, 2021, using a broad range of keywords. We extracted study characteristics and results on associations between GDM and disease occurrence at least 10 years postpartum, excluding studies on women with diabetes prior to pregnancy or only diabetes prior to outcome. The results are reported according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess risk of bias. RESULTS: We screened 3084 titles, 81 articles were assessed full-text, and 15 included in the review. The strongest evidence for an association was for kidney diseases, particularly in Black women. We found indication of an association with liver disease, possibly restricted to women with T2DM postpartum. The association between GDM and breast cancer had been studied extensively, but in most cases based on self-reported diagnosis and with conflicting results. Only sparse and inconsistent results were found for other cancers. No study on thyroid diseases was found, and no study reported on short-term or long-term mortality in women with a history of GDM. CONCLUSION: Given the frequency of GDM, there is a need for better evidence on possible long-term health consequences, in particular, studies based on comprehensive records of diagnosis of GDM and long-term health outcomes.
Computerized cardiotocography in singleton gestations with diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the use of computerized cardiotocography (C-CTG) in women with diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of women with diabetes mellitus referred to University of Naples Federico II from January 2018 to January 2020 for antenatal monitoring. Only women who underwent antenatal monitoring with C-CTG were included in the study. For the purpose of this study only the C-CTG recorded at the time of outpatient admission were analyzed. Women were divided into four groups: 1) women with diabetes mellitus type 1; 2) women with diabetes mellitus type 2; 3) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); 4) control group without diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome of the study was the C-CTG short term variability (STV). RESULTS: A total of 298 patients were included in the study, 89 with type 1 diabetes (group 1), 27 with type 2 diabetes (group 2), 77 with GDM (group 3) and 105 controls (group 4). Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes both Type 1 and 2 compared to gestational diabetes and physiological pregnancies. The parameters of STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes, both Type 1 and 2, compared to gestational diabetes and controls. STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4.
Placental Transcriptome Profiling in Subtypes of Diabetic Pregnancies Is Strongly Confounded by Fetal Sex.; The placenta is a temporary organ with a unique structure and function to ensure healthy fetal development. Placental dysfunction is involved in pre-eclampsia (PE), fetal growth restriction, preterm birth, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A diabetic state affects maternal and fetal health and may lead to functional alterations of placental metabolism, inflammation, hypoxia, and weight, amplifying the fetal stress. The placental molecular adaptations to the diabetic environment and the adaptive spatio-temporal consequences to elevated glucose or insulin are largely unknown (2). We aimed to identify gene expression signatures related to the diabetic placental pathology of placentas from women with diabetes mellitus. Human placenta samples (n = 77) consisting of healthy controls, women with either gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 1 or type 2 diabetes, and women with GDM, type 1 or type 2 diabetes and superimposed PE were collected. Interestingly, gene expression differences quantified by total RNA sequencing were mainly driven by fetal sex rather than clinical diagnosis. Association of the principal components with a full set of clinical patient data identified fetal sex as the single main explanatory variable. Accordingly, placentas complicated by type 1 and type 2 diabetes showed only few differentially expressed genes, while possible effects of GDM and diabetic pregnancy complicated by PE were not identifiable in this cohort. We conclude that fetal sex has a prominent effect on the placental transcriptome, dominating and confounding gene expression signatures resulting from diabetes mellitus in settings of well-controlled diabetic disease. Our results support the notion of placenta as a sexual dimorphic organ.
Comparing IADPSG and NICE Diagnostic Criteria for GDM in Predicting Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the performance of diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) proposed by the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) with those endorsed by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) in predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We performed a secondary data analysis of the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HAPO) study participants in five study centers. Logistic regression analyses were performed, and Akaike information criterion were applied for the comparison of different statistical prediction models. We further analyzed the performance by four racial/ethnic subgroups, namely, Whites, Hispanics, Asians, and Blacks. RESULTS: Among all, IADPSG criteria diagnosed 267 (4.1%) more women with GDM, but predicted primary caesarean section (CS) and large for gestational age (LGA) and neonatal adiposity better than did NICE criteria after adjustment for potential confounders. Among Whites, IADPSG criteria diagnosed 65 (2.5%) more subjects with GDM and predicted LGA and neonatal adiposity better, but predicted hypertensive disorders, primary CS and clinical neonatal hypoglycemia worse. Among Hispanics, the IADPSG criteria diagnosed 203 (12.1%) more with GDM but performed better in predicting hypertensive disorders, LGA, neonatal adiposity, and hyperinsulinemia. Among Asians, the IADPSG criteria diagnosed 34 (2.0%) fewer subjects with GDM but predicted hypertensive disorders better in the unadjusted model. In Blacks, IADPSG criteria diagnosed 34 (10.5%) more women with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: IADPSG criteria appear to be more favorable than NICE for identification of adverse pregnancy outcomes among Hispanic and Asian women, while they are comparable to NICE among White women.
Cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring of diabetic women: the impact of the intrauterine environment.; The incidence of gestational diabetes is increasing worldwide, exposing large numbers of infants to hyperglycaemia whilst in utero. This exposure may have a long-term negative impact on the cardiovascular health of the offspring. Novel methods to assess cardiovascular status in the neonatal period are now available-including measuring arterial intima-media thickness and retinal photography. These measures will allow researchers to assess the relative impact of intrauterine exposures, distinguishing these from genetic or postnatal environmental factors. Understanding the long-term impact of the intrauterine environment should allow the development of more effective health policy and interventions to decrease the future burden of cardiovascular disease. Initiating disease prevention aimed at the developing fetus during the antenatal period may optimise community health outcomes.
Intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes: how can we reduce the burdens of these conditions on the health of future generations?; Prepregnancy overweight or obesity and excessive gestational weight gain have been associated with increased risk of maternal and neonatal complications. Moreover, offspring from obese women are more likely to develop obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular diseases in their lifetime. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications associated with obesity and appears to have a direct impact on the future metabolic health of the child. Fetal programming of metabolic function induced by obesity and GDM may have intergenerational effect and thus perpetuate the epidemic of cardiometabolic conditions. The present paper thus aims at discussing the impact of maternal obesity and GDM on the developmental programming of obesity and metabolic disorders in the offspring. The main interventions designed to reduce maternal obesity and GDM and their ability to break the vicious circle that perpetuates the transmission of obesity and metabolic conditions to the next generations are also addressed.
Social and economic factors, maternal behaviours in pregnancy and neonatal adiposity in the PANDORA cohort.; BACKGROUND: Australian Indigenous women experience high rates of social disadvantage and type 2 diabetes (T2D) in pregnancy, but it is not known how social factors and maternal behaviours impact neonatal adiposity in offspring of women with hyperglycaemia in pregnancy. METHODS: Participants were Indigenous (n = 404) and Europid (n = 240) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or T2D in pregnancy and their offspring in the Pregnancy and Neonatal Diabetes Outcomes in Remote Australia (PANDORA) study. Social, economic factors, and maternal behaviours were measured in pregnancy and six neonatal anthropometric outcomes were examined after birth. RESULTS: On univariate analysis, maternal education < 12 years (p = 0.03), unemployment (p = 0.001), welfare income vs no welfare income (p = 0.001), lower area based socio-economic score (p < 0.001), and fast food intake > 2 times/week (p = 0.002) were associated with increased sum of skinfolds (SSF) in offspring. Smoking was significantly associated with a reduction in anthropometric measures, except SSF. In multivariable models adjusted for ethnicity, BMI and hyperglycaemia, social and economic factors were no longer significant predictors of neonatal outcomes. Smoking was independently associated with a reduction in length, head circumference and fat free mass. Frequent fast food intake remained independently associated with SSF (β-coefficient 1.08 mm, p = 0.02). CONCLUSION: In women with hyperglycaemia in pregnancy, social factors were associated with neonatal adiposity, particularly skinfold measures. Promoting smoking cessation and limited intake of energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods in pregnancy are important to improve neonatal adiposity and lean mass outcomes. Addressing inequities in social and economic factors are likely to be important, particularly for Indigenous women or women experiencing social disadvantage.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and function: cohort comparison of second- and third-trimester fetuses.; OBJECTIVES: To assess differences in cardiac morphology and function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to controls, and to assess whether, in women with GDM, fetal cardiac changes are accentuated with advancing gestational age. METHODS: We studied 112 women with GDM and 224 women with uncomplicated pregnancy at 24-40 weeks' gestation. In all fetuses, a standard four-chamber oblique view was obtained and offline speckle-tracking analysis was performed to measure right and left endocardial global longitudinal strain (GLS) and tricuspid and mitral annular plane systolic excursion. Global sphericity index was also calculated. Echocardiographic parameters were compared between GDM fetuses and controls at two gestational time periods of 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. RESULTS: At 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks, we phenotyped 43 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 71 from uncomplicated pregnancies, and, at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks, we phenotyped 69 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 153 from women with uncomplicated pregnancy. In fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared to controls, right ventricular functional indices were consistently lower both at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. Right ventricular GLS was reduced in the GDM group at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.7%; 95% CI, 0.3-1.1%) and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.9%; 95% CI, 0.6-1.1%). Fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar in GDM pregnancies compared with controls, with the exception of the contractility of the left ventricular basal segment, which was reduced. Global sphericity index was reduced in GDM pregnancies only at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, -0.4; 95% CI, -0.7 to 0.1). CONCLUSIONS: The offspring of women with GDM are at high risk for development of cardiovascular disease in childhood and early adulthood. Our study demonstrates that GDM is associated with a reduction mainly in fetal right ventricular function, compared to controls, and this response is not exaggerated with increasing gestational age. Further studies are needed to determine whether fetuses with the observed alterations in cardiac function are those at highest risk for subsequent development of cardiovascular disease. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Adverse effects of Hif1a mutation and maternal diabetes on the offspring heart.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies show that maternal diabetes predisposes offspring to cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. However, the precise mechanisms for the underlying penetrance and disease predisposition remain poorly understood. We examined whether hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha, in combination with exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment, influences the function and molecular structure of the adult offspring heart. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a mouse model, we demonstrated that haploinsufficient (Hif1a(+/-)) offspring from a diabetic pregnancy developed left ventricle dysfunction at 12 weeks of age, as manifested by decreased fractional shortening and structural remodeling of the myocardium. Transcriptional profiling by RNA-seq revealed significant transcriptome changes in the left ventricle of diabetes-exposed Hif1a(+/-) offspring associated with development, metabolism, apoptosis, and blood vessel physiology. In contrast, both wild type and Hif1a(+/-) offspring from diabetic pregnancies showed changes in immune system processes and inflammatory responses. Immunohistochemical analyses demonstrated that the combination of haploinsufficiency of Hif1a and exposure to maternal diabetes resulted in impaired macrophage infiltration, increased levels of advanced glycation end products, and changes in vascular homeostasis in the adult offspring heart. CONCLUSIONS: Together our findings provide evidence that a global reduction in Hif1a gene dosage increases predisposition of the offspring exposed to maternal diabetes to cardiac dysfunction, and also underscore Hif1a as a critical factor in the fetal programming of adult cardiovascular disease.
Perinatal changes in fetal cardiac geometry and function in diabetic pregnancy at term.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of diabetes in pregnancy on fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry and function around the time of delivery. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 75 pregnant women delivering at term, comprising 54 normal pregnancies and 21 with a diagnosis of pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal and neonatal conventional and spectral tissue Doppler and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography were performed a few days before and within hours after delivery. Fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry, global myocardial deformation and performance, diastolic and systolic function and left ventricular (LV) torsion were compared between normal pregnancies and those with diabetes, and perinatal changes within the diabetes group were assessed. RESULTS: Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in fetal ventricular geometry, myocardial deformation and cardiac function (right ventricular (RV) sphericity index, 0.56 vs 0.65; LV torsion, 2.1 °/cm vs 5.6 °/cm; LV isovolumetric relaxation time, 101 ms vs 115 ms; and RV isovolumetric contraction time, 107 ms vs 119 ms; P < 0.001 for all). Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in neonatal cardiac parameters (mean RV sphericity index, 0.43 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 1.30 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median LV myocardial performance index (MPI'), 0.39 vs 0.51; median RV-MPI', 0.34 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). Paired comparison between fetal and neonatal cardiac indices in diabetic pregnancies demonstrated that delivery resulted in a significant improvement in some, but not all, cardiac indices (mean RV sphericity index, 0.65 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 5.60 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median RV-MPI', 0.51 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with normal term fetuses and neonates, those of diabetic women exhibit cardiac indices indicative of myocardial impairment, reflecting a response to a relatively hyperglycemic intrauterine environment with alteration in fetal loading conditions (LV preload deprivation and increased RV afterload) and adaptation to subsequent acute changes in hemodynamic load at delivery. Elucidating mechanisms that contribute to the alterations in perinatal cardiac function in diabetic pregnancy could help in refining management and developing better therapeutic strategies to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright © 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational overall and subtypes of cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) impacts in both mothers and offspring post-delivery in existing literature. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus were utilized for searching publications between January 1980 and June 2024, with data extraction and meta-analysis continuing until 31 July 2024. Based on a predefined PROSPERO protocol, studies published as full-length, English-language journal articles that reported the presence of GDM during pregnancy and its association with any CVD development post-delivery were selected. All studies were evaluated using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Maximally adjusted risk estimates were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis to assess the risk ratio (RR) of GDM, and overall and subtypes of CVDs in both mothers and offspring post-delivery. RESULTS: The meta-analysis was based on 38 studies with a total of 77,678,684 participants. The results showed a 46% increased risk (RR 1.46, 95% CI 1.34-1.59) for mothers and a 23% increased risk (1.23, 1.05-1.45) for offspring of developing overall CVDs after delivery, following a GDM-complicated pregnancy. Our subgroup analysis revealed that mothers with a history of GDM faced various risks (20% to 2-fold) of developing different subtypes of CVDs, including cerebrovascular disease, coronary artery disease, heart failure, and venous thromboembolism. CONCLUSIONS: These findings underscore the heightened risk of developing various CVDs for mothers and offspring affected by GDM, emphasizing the importance of preventive measures even right after birth to mitigate the burden of CVDs in these populations.
Assessing the consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring's cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study protocol, Switzerland.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a state of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. GDM carries prenatal and perinatal risks as well as long-term risks for the mother and her child. GDM may be involved in the foetal programming of long-term cardiovascular health. However, evidence is sparse and the effect of GDM on cardiovascular health is unknown. To address these issues, we will conduct MySweetHeart Cohort study. The objectives are to assess the effect of GDM on offspring's cardiovascular health early in life by using surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a cohort study of 100 offspring of women with GDM and 100 offspring of women without GDM. At inclusion, a baseline assessment of the mothers will be conducted through means of self-report questionnaires, a researcher-administrated interview, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a maternal blood sampling. Between the 30th and 34th weeks of gestation, a foetal echography will be performed to assess the foetal cardiac structure and function, the fetomaternal circulation and the hepatic volume. At birth, maternal and neonatal characteristics will be assessed. An echocardiography will be performed to assess cardiac structure and function 2-7 days after birth; carotid intima-media thickness will be also measured to assess vascular structure. MySweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02890693), a randomised controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardiometabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. A long-term follow-up of children is planned. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval has been obtained through the state Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud (study number 2016-00745). We aim to disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974).
Cardiovascular prevention in women: a narrative review from the Italian Society of Cardiology working groups on 'Cardiovascular Prevention, Hypertension and peripheral circulation' and on 'Women Disease'.; : Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women.Some authors highlighted that the female risk profile consists of traditional and emerging risk factors. Despite the lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes, years of life lost owing to the disease for women are substantially higher compared with men. In addition, pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes represents a risk factor for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes have a higher prevalence of coronary artery disease that occur at a younger age and are independent of T2DM.Hypertension is an important cardiovascular risk factor in women. Estrogens and progesterone, known to have an impact on blood pressure levels, have also been proposed to be protective against sleep-disordered breathing. It is very difficult to understand whereas obstructive sleep apnea in women is independently associated with hypertension or if many confounders acting at different stages of the woman lifespan mediate this relation.The cardioprotective effect of physical activity in women of all ages is well known. Women are generally more physically inactive than men. During and after menopause, most women tend to reduce their physical activity levels and together with the reduction in basal metabolic rate, women experience loss of skeletal muscle mass with a negative change in the ratio of fat-to-lean mass.In conclusion, sex differences in the cardiovascular system are because of dissimilarities in gene expression and sex hormones; these result in variations in prevalence and presentation of CVD and associated conditions, such as diabetes, hypertension and vascular and cardiac remodeling.Changes in lifestyle and increase in physical activity could help in prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in teenage pregnancy: a case-control study.; In a retrospective study, teenage Asian pregnancies with gestational diabetes managed over a 4-year period were compared with a group of age and parity matched controls (2 for each study case) to determine the incidence of gestational diabetes and its impact on the pregnancy outcome. The incidence of gestational diabetes in teenage pregnancy was 5.4% (33/611), and accounted for 1.4% of all the cases of gestational diabetes. There was no difference in the maternal anthropometric parameters or antenatal complications, but the study group had a higher incidence of postpartum haemorrhage (p = 0.010), greater amount of estimated blood loss at delivery (p = 0.016), a trend towards a higher incidence of large-for-gestational age infants, a higher incidence of admission to the neonatal unit (p = 0.024), mostly due to meconium-stained liquor for observation (p = 0.014), and a lower first minute Apgar score (p = 0.012). Our findings support the recommendation that in ethnic groups with a high prevalence of diabetes, universal as opposed to age-limited screening for gestational diabetes should be undertaken.
Analysis of Maternal and Neonatal Complications in a Group of Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents one of the most common complications during pregnancy, being associated with numerous maternal and neonatal complications. The study aimed to analyze maternal and neonatal complications associated with GDM. The risk factors of GDM and of the maternal and neonatal complications were studied in order to prevent their occurrence. Materials and Methods: The study included 97 women in the study, who underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between weeks 24-28 of pregnancy, consequently being divided into two groups: pregnant women with and without GDM. Statistical analysis was performed using the SPSS 26.0 software and MATLAB fitglm, the results being considered statistically significant if p < 0.05. Results: We observed statistically significant differences between the group of women with and without GDM, regarding gestational hypertension (17.6% vs. 0%), preeclampsia (13.72% vs. 0%), and cesarean delivery (96.1% vs. 78,3%). Data on the newborn and neonatal complications: statistically significant differences were recorded between the two groups (GDM vs. no GDM) regarding the average weight at birth (3339.41 ± 658.12 g vs. 3122.83 ± 173.67 g), presence of large for gestational age (21.6% vs. 0%), macrosomia (13.7% vs. 0%), excessive fetal growth (35.3% vs. 0%), respiratory distress (31.4% vs. 0%), hospitalization for at least 24 h in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (9.80% vs. 0%), and APGAR score <7 both 1 and 5 min following birth (7.8% vs. 0%). Additionally, the frequency of neonatal hypoglycemia and hyperbilirubinemia was higher among newborns from mothers with GDM. Conclusions: The screening and diagnosis of GDM is vital, and appropriate management is required for the prevention of maternal and neonatal complications associated with GDM. It is also important to know the risk factors for GDM and attempt to prevent their appearance.
The impacts of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal hearts.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the fetal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies under different maternal glycemic controls. METHODS: Forty four GDM mothers received 78 fetal echocardiographic evaluations at three gestational periods (<28, 28-34 and >34 weeks) and were divided into poorly-(DM1) and well-(DM2) controlled groups according to their glycemic control at examination. Seventy uncomplicated mothers were selected as controls. Parameters of fetal cardiac anatomy and function were measured and analyzed. RESULTS: GDM fetuses' cardiac ventricular walls were thicker than controls', and the differences between DM1 and DM2 were not significant except for end-diastolic left ventricular walls. In both GDM groups, the aortic flow velocities increased earlier than pulmonary artery and DM1 fetuses changed earlier than DM2 ones. GDM fetuses' left atrial shortening fraction was smaller than the controls' in the period of ⩾34 weeks and negatively correlated with thicknesses of left ventricular walls and interventricular septum in DM1 fetuses (r=-0.438 and -0.506). The right ventricular diastolic function in DM1 and DM2 fetuses decreased after the period of 28-34 weeks and in the period of >34 weeks respectively. Tei index of both left and right ventricles increased in DM1 group after the period of <28 weeks and in DM2 group only in the period of ⩾34 weeks, with no significant differences between DM1 and DM2 groups in this period. CONCLUSION: Fetuses of GDM mothers showed cardiac function impairments. Good maternal glycemic control may delay the impairments, but cannot reduce the degree. Some cardiac changes in GDM fetuses were similar to those in pregestational diabetic pregnancies except for several parameters and their changing time.
Complications of pregnancy in morbidly obese patients: What is the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus?; OBJECTIVES: The synergistic role of severe obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on pregnancy complications has been poorly studied. We aim to analyze the impact of GDM on pregnancy complications in women with class III obesity. MATERIAL AND METHODS: we performed a retrospective monocentric study including women with a pregestational BMI≥40kg/m2 with a singleton pregnancy from January 1996 to December 2014. We compared the risks of maternal, fetal and neonatal complications between patients with GDM and those without GDM. RESULTS: We included 354 patients, 121 (34.3%) had GDM and 63 needed insulin treatment (52.9% of the GDM women). Patients with GDM were older (30.4±5.1 vs 28.9±4.8 years,p=0.008) and had more frequently a history of GDM (24.8% vs 6.1%; p<0.0001). Patients with GDM were more often hospitalized (47.8% vs 29.8%, p=0.001) and were more likely to have premature birth (11.7% vs. 5.3%, p=0.031). Neonates from mothers with GDM were more frequently large for gestational age (31.6% vs 19.4%, p=0.011), and had a higher rate of transfers to neonatal intensive unit (9.2% vs 4.0%, p=0.047). There was no difference for preeclampsia, C-section, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hypoglycemia or postpartum complications. Outcomes were comparable in women with or without insulin therapy. CONCLUSION: The rate of GDM is particularly high in class III obese women. Morbidly obese women with GDM were more at risk for complications and needed more often insulin therapy. Our results suggest to pay a particular attention in this high-risk population.
Weight gain after diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and excessive body weight are two key risk factors for adverse perinatal outcomes. However, it is not clear whether restricted gestational weight gain (GWG) is favorable to reduce the risk for adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in women with GDM. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the association of GWG after an oral glucose tolerance test with maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: This prospective cohort study assessed the association of GWG after an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in 3126 women with GDM, adjusted for age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, height, gravidity, parity, adverse history of pregnancy, GWG before OGTT, blood glucose level at OGTT and late pregnancy. The outcomes included the prevalence of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and preeclampsia, large for gestational age (LGA), small for gestational age, macrosomia, low birth weight, preterm birth, and birth by cesarean section. GDM was diagnosed according to the criteria established by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. RESULTS: GWG after OGTT was positively associated with risk for overall adverse pregnancy outcomes (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.72, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.50-1.97), LGA (aOR = 1.29, 95%CI = 1.13-1.47), macrosomia (aOR = 1.24, 95%CI = 1.06-1.46) and birth by cesarean section (aOR = 1.91, 95%CI = 1.67-2.19) in women with GDM. Further analyses revealed that a combination of excessive GWG before OGTT and after OGTT increased the risk of PIH and preeclampsia, LGA, macrosomia, and birth by cesarean section compared with adequate GWG throughout pregnancy. In contrast, GWG below the Institute of Medicine guideline after OGTT did not increase the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes despite GWG before OGTT. CONCLUSION: Excessive GWG after OGTT was associated with an elevated risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, while insufficient GWG after OGTT did not increase the risk of LBW. Restricting GWG after diagnosis of GDM in women with excessive GWG in the first half of pregnancy may be beneficial to prevent PIH and preeclampsia, LGA, macrosomia, and birth by cesarean section.
QT dispersion and electrocardiographic changes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents additional risks to both mother and infant. Moreover it increases a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease in the postpartum. The aim of our study was therefore to detect changes of both the QT dispersion and the electrical heart field that could be typical for GDM. Body surface potential maps were obtained using the Cardiac 112.2 device from 26 young women with GDM and 54 young healthy pregnant women in the 36th week of pregnancy. The same recordings were obtained from 18 healthy women in the same age (19-36 years). The average QT dispersion (±SD) in women suffering from GDM was significantly higher (107 ± 25 ms) both than in those with physiological pregnancy (73 ± 18 ms) and than in the normal subjects (34 ± 12 ms) (P<0.001). Moreover we have found in GDM patients shorter QRS complex 82.0 ± 6.8 ms vs. 89.5 ± 8.2 ms in healthy pregnant women and 90.8 ± 7.9 ms in the control group (p=0.011), more horizontal electrical heart axis [16.4 ± 20.1° vs. 42.4 ± 28.7° and 74.6 ± 39.2° respectively (P<0.05)] and lower some depolarization and repolarization amplitudes on isopotential and isointegral maps. According to these results we suppose that described electrocardiographic changes reflect a deterioration of the complete process of ventricular depolarization and repolarization in GDM.
Intrauterine exposure to diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease in adolescence and early adulthood: a population-based birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with risk factors for cardiovascular disease and related end points in adulthood. We examined this potential association in a population-based birth cohort followed up to age 35 years. METHODS: We performed a cohort study of offspring born between 1979 and 2005 (n = 293 546) and followed until March 2015 in Manitoba, Canada, using registry-based administrative data. The primary exposures were intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome was a composite measure of incident cardiovascular disease events, and the secondary outcome was a composite of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in offspring followed up to age 35 years. RESULTS: The cohort provided 3 628 576 person-years of data (mean age at latest follow-up 20.5 [standard deviation 6.4] years, 49.3% female); 2765 (0.9%) of the offspring experienced a cardiovascular disease end point, and 12 673 (4.3%) experienced a cardiovascular disease risk factor. After propensity score matching, the hazard for cardiovascular disease end points was elevated in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.12-1.79) but not type 2 diabetes (adjusted HR 1.40, 95% CI 0.98-2.01). A similar association was observed for cardiovascular disease risk factors (gestational diabetes: adjusted HR 1.92, 95% CI 1.75-2.11; type 2 diabetes: adjusted HR 3.40, 95% CI 3.00-3.85). INTERPRETATION: Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with higher morbidity and risk related to cardiovascular disease among offspring up to 35 years of age.
Perinatal mortality in Japanese women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: The objective of this study was to determine how many pregnant Japanese women with diabetes mellitus (DM)/gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) experience perinatal mortality in the presence of fetal anomalies. METHODS: Our investigation included data from 205 secondary/tertiary obstetric facilities located widely in Japan. The Japan Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare Vital Statistics of Japan was used for comparison. RESULTS: Of 237 941 women giving birth at 205 hospitals, 1796 (0.8%) and 13 037 (5.5%) had DM and GDM, respectively. The perinatal mortality rates (per 1000 births) were 10.6 (19/1796) for women with DM, 5.2 (68/13037) for women with GDM, and 3.7 (7612/2039504) for the general Japanese population. Detailed information was available for 63 (72%) of the 87 perinatal deaths occurring in women with diabetes including DM and GDM; fetal anomalies were associated with 40% (25/63) of perinatal deaths, exceeding 16% (1211/7612) in the general Japanese population (P < 0.0001). The leading four fetal anomalies associated with perinatal mortality in women with diabetes were fetal trisomy (6 cases: 1 of trisomy-13 and 5 of trisomy-18), non-immune hydrops fetalis (5 cases), cardiac deformities (3 cases) and holoprosencephaly (2 cases). CONCLUSIONS: Perinatal mortality was more likely to occur in women with glucose intolerance. In the Japanese infants that succumbed to perinatal mortality, fetal anomaly was more prevalent in those born to women with a glucose intolerance than in those born to the general population.
Causes of stillbirths in diabetic and gestational diabetes pregnancies at a NSW tertiary referral hospital.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy may result in stillbirth or neonatal death. AIM: This audit examined stillbirths of mothers with pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy (DIP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) to determine maternal and diabetic characteristics implicated in these deaths. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted to identify stillbirths occurring in diabetic pregnancies at Westmead Hospital during 2006-2017. Medical records were reviewed to obtain data relating to maternal factors, diabetes history, glycaemic control and cause of death. RESULTS: There were 37 women (seven with type 1 diabetes [T1DM], 11 with type 2 diabetes [T2DM] and 19 with GDM) who had 38 stillbirths. The leading cause of stillbirth was lethal congenital malformations in nine cases, followed by placental and umbilical abnormalities in six, intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR) in six, and obstetric factors in four cases. Malformations were predominantly cardiovascular (n = 7), musculoskeletal (n = 5) and gastrointestinal (n = 4). There was no difference in the proportion of stillbirths related to malformations between the DIP and GDM groups (P = 0.22). In the pre-conception period or first trimester, all T1DM subjects and all but two T2DM subjects had HbA1c >7% or there was no measurement. HbA1c was >7% in 6/7 T1DM subjects and 7/11 T2DM subjects at some stage during the pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Stillbirth remains a problem in diabetic pregnancy in the 21st century. Lethal malformations, placental abnormalities and IUGR were the leading causes of stillbirth related to diabetes. Pre-conception counselling and planning to achieve better glycaemic control in pregnancy needs to be improved.
Secular increase in the prevalence of gestational diabetes and its associated adverse pregnancy outcomes from 2014 to 2021 in Hebei province, China.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate the secular prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and evaluate its adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant women in Hebei province, China. METHODS: We analyzed the data from the monitoring information management system for pregnant women in 22 hospitals of Hebei province, China. In this study, 366,212 individuals with singleton live births from 2014 to 2021 were included, of whom 25,995 were diagnosed with gestational diabetes. We described the incidence of common complications and further analyzed the clinical characteristics in GDM patients and the relationship between GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: The top 3 pregnancy complications in Hebei province are anemia, gestational hypertension, and GDM. The average incidence of GDM was 7.10% (25,995/366,212). The incidence rate of GDM significantly increased from 2014 to 2021 (χ(2) (trend) = 7,140.663, P < 0.001). The top 3 regions with GDM incidence were Baoding (16.60%), Shijiazhuang (8.00%), and Tangshan (3.80%). The incidence of GDM in urban pregnant women (10.6%) is higher than that in rural areas (3.7%).The difference between the GDM and Non-GDM groups was statistically significant in terms of maternal age, gravidity, parity, education level, and incidence of pregnancy complications (gestational hypertension, heart diseases, and anemia) (P < 0.05). GDM individuals were at significantly increased risk of most assessed adverse pregnancy outcomes, including premature delivery, Cesarean delivery, uterine inertia, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, Apgar (activity-pulse-grimace-appearance-respiration) score at 1 min, and macrosomia (P < 0.05). The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that GDM was an independent risk factor in terms of premature birth, Cesarean delivery, uterine inertia, placental abruption, NICU admission, and macrosomia. CONCLUSION: The risk of adverse pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with GDM is significantly increased. In order to reduce the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes, effective interventions are needed.
Effect of pregestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac function and structure.; OBJECTIVE: Fetuses of diabetic pregnancy experience cardiomyopathy, the intracardiac cause of which is understood poorly. The aim of this study was to assess the interrelation between cardiac functional and structural changes in fetuses of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-six mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus were recruited prospectively to have a fetal echocardiogram at 13, 20, and 36 weeks of gestation to assess cardiac function and structure. For comparison, 30 healthy control subjects were recruited at each gestational age. RESULTS: In the first trimester, there was evidence of poorer fetal cardiac diastolic function among the diabetic cohort (lower left early/atrial ratio, longer isovolumetric relaxation time and higher left myocardial performance index; P < .05). In the third trimester, the fetal interventricular septum and the right ventricular free wall were thicker in the diabetic cohort (P < .05). CONCLUSION: In fetuses of pregestational diabetic pregnancy, sonographic evidence of altered cardiac function is evident before ultrasound evidence of cardiac structural changes. This suggests that altered cardiac function may precede cardiac structural changes in fetuses of pregestational diabetic pregnancy.
Glycemic control in the diabetic pregnancy: is tighter always better?; Glucose is the principal nutrient that the mother supplies to the fetus through the placenta by way of concentration-dependent mechanisms. In the presence of maternal hypoglycemia, with limited glucose supply, fetal hypoglycemia and hypoinsulinism ensue. This may be viewed as an adaptive mechanism to increase the chances of fetal survival in the face of limited maternal supply, albeit of a growth-restricted fetus. Fetal nutrient deprivation and the resulting hypoinsulinism may have both short- and long-term consequences. Intrauterine growth failure is associated with higher rates of gestational age-specific neonatal mortality and with long-term cognitive deficits. Furthermore, epidemiologic data suggest that diabetes, coronary artery disease, and hypertension are more common among adults who were small for gestational age at birth. Thus, pancreatic failure in adulthood may be either a response to excessive exposure to glucose as a result of maternal hyperglycemia, or as a result of hypoglycemia where nutrient deprivation leads to fetal growth restriction and reduced islet cell proliferation. Because low mean concentrations of maternal glucose in gestational diabetes are associated with an increased risk of fetal growth restriction, overzealous glycemic control during pregnancy may raise concerns regarding the possible effects on the infant. In the mother with Type 1 diabetes, strict glycemic control is often associated with an increased incidence of severe hypoglycemia. Up to 40% of women report at least one episode of severe hypoglycemia during pregnancy, requiring assistance by another person or professional intervention. It is quite possible that in some patients striving to optimize pregnancy outcome by maintaining the best possible glycemic control jeopardizes the well-being of the mother and the fetus. Thus, with respect to tight glycemic control of pregnant women with diabetes, the question arises: How tight is too tight? Is there a threshold below which the trade-off in terms of maternal morbidity as well as fetal growth restriction and its consequences outweighs the benefits of preventing the effects of maternal hyperglycemia?
The coexistence of gestational hypertension and diabetes: influence on pregnancy outcome.; Gestational hypertension (GHTN) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both insulin resistance states. Perinatal outcome of GHTN or GDM alone are well established, but their combined effect on pregnancy outcome is underinvestigated. Our objective was to determine if pregnancies complicated by GHTN/GDM have higher rates of morbidity. We identified nulliparous women with singleton pregnancies delivering at 37 to 40 weeks of gestation from 1995 to 2004 from a database. Outcomes of pregnancies complicated by GHTN only, GDM only, or combined GHTN/GDM were compared with controls. Data analysis included the Mann-Whitney U test, the Kruskal-Wallis H test, and analysis of variance. Multivariate analysis was used to adjust for confounders. Of 14,880 patients, there were 11,349 controls, 2604 GHTN, 728 GDM, and 199 GHTN/GDM. After controlling for covariates, GHTN significantly increased cesarean section (C/S) rate (odd ratio [OR], 1.62; confidence interval [CI], 1.47 to 1.78), rates of admittance to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and birth of large for gestational age (LGA) infants. GDM significantly increased C/S (OR, 1.42; CI 1.21 to 1.66), rates of NICU admission (OR, 1.32; CI, 1 to 1.75), birth of LGA (OR, 1.51; CI 1.14 to 1.98), and macrosomic infants (OR, 1.53; CI, 1.12 to 2.08). Rates of LGA infants (OR, 1.85; CI, 1.19 to 2.86) and C/S (OR, 2.03; CI, 1.52 to 2.71) were significantly increased with GHTN/GDM. We concluded that GHTN or GDM is associated with increased rates of adverse outcomes. Their coexistence further increases adverse perinatal outcomes.
Fetal myocardial morphological and functional changes associated with well-controlled gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To make a global evaluation of the fetal myocardial changes in a well-controlled gestational diabetic population. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-four pregnant well-controlled diabetic patients were selected. Sixteen normal pregnancies were randomly collected as a control group. Measurements of morphological and functional myocardial parameters were performed. Data from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler data were obtained. RESULT: The thickness of the interventricular septum was increased in diabetic pregnancies (p < 0.001). Tricuspid E/A index was the only functional parameter showing a significant variation, with lower values in diabetic pregnancies. Doppler parameters from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler waveforms were similar between groups. CONCLUSION: A tendency towards interventricular septum hypertrophy was observed even in well-controlled diabetic pregnancies. Mild hypertrophic cardiac changes were not associated with abnormal cardiac function or signs of left ventricular outflow obstruction, although minor changes in right ventricular diastolic function were recorded.
The joint effect of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension contribute to higher risk of diabetes mellitus after delivery: a nationwide population-based study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) are known risk factors for postpartum diabetes mellitus (DM) and hypertension, respectively. This study aimed to examine the association between the co-occurrence of GDM and PIH and the subsequent development of diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. METHODS: A cohort study was conducted using data from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database (TNHIRD). The study population included 2,297,613 pregnant women with no history of certain medical conditions who gave birth between 2004 and 2015. The women were classified into four cohorts based on their medical history: GDM cohort, PIH cohort, both GDM and PIH cohort, and normal cohort (without GDM and PIH). RESULTS: The GDM cohort had a higher risk of developing DM, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome than the normal cohort, with hazard ratios of 7.07, 1.54, and 2.51, respectively. The PIH cohort also had an increased risk for these conditions compared with the normal cohort, with hazard ratios of 3.41, 7.26, and 2.68, respectively. The cohort with both GDM and PIH had the highest risk of developing postpartum DM, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome, with hazard ratios of 21.47, 8.02, and 5.04, respectively, compared with the normal cohort. CONCLUSION: The cohort of patients with both GDM and PIH had the highest impact on developing postpartum DM compared with either condition alone cohort. Furthermore, the co-occurrence of both conditions increases the risk, with a higher likelihood of developing postpartum DM than hypertension or metabolic syndrome.
Differences in biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes.; AIMS: The aim of this study was to compare biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood in women with uncomplicated pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal pre-gestational and gestational diabetes and to correlate these findings with fetal echocardiography parameters of cardiac function. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Fetal echocardiographic assessment was performed longitudinally on 78 fetuses in the normal cohort and 32 in the diabetic cohort by measuring tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion, mitral annular plane systolic excursion, myocardial performance index, interventricular septum (IVS) thickness and left fractional shortening between July 2015 and December 2017. Cord blood samples were obtained at birth and levels of troponin I (TnI), B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amnio terminal segment of its prohormone measured. RESULTS: Women with diabetes had significantly higher median body mass index and mean z-scores for BNP. Significant associations were observed between maternal diabetes and obesity and cord-blood BNP z-scores. The effect of diabetes on TnI levels were similar, with mean values higher in women with gestational diabetes compared to normal pregnancies; however, this difference did not reach statistical significance. These biomarker findings correlated with an increased IVS thickness in the diabetic group. No difference was demonstrated in the other cardiac function parameters measured. CONCLUSION: Biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction are elevated in infants of diabetic and obese mothers and correlated with increased IVS thickness.
Maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro trigger Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis through FoxO3a.; Recent controversies surrounding the authenticity of c-kit(+) cardiac progenitor cells significantly push back the advance in regenerative therapies for cardiovascular diseases. There is an urgent need for research in characterizing alternative types of cardiac progenitor cells. Towards this goal, in the present study, we determined the effect of maternal diabetes on Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells. Maternal diabetes induced caspase 3-dependent apoptosis in Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells derived from embryonic day 17.5 (E17.5). Similarly, high glucose in vitro but not the glucose osmotic control mannitol triggered Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis in a dose- and time-dependent manner. Both maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro activated the pro-apoptotic transcription factor, Forkhead O 3a (FoxO3a) via dephosphorylation at threonine 32 (Thr-32) residue. foxo3a gene deletion abolished maternal diabetes-induced Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis. The dominant negative FoxO3a mutant without the transactivation domain from the C terminus blocked high glucose-induced Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis, whereas the constitutively active FoxO3a mutant with the three phosphorylation sites, Thr-32, Ser-253, and Ser-315, being replaced by alanine residues mimicked the pro-apoptotic effect of high glucose. Thus, maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro may limit the regenerative potential of Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells by inducing apoptosis through FoxO3a activation. These findings will serve as the guide in optimizing the autologous therapy using Sca1(+) cardiac progenitor cells in cardiac defect babies born exposed to maternal diabetes.
Paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with early-onset cardiovascular disease and increased incidence of adverse cardiovascular outcomes in mothers and their offspring. Few studies with a limited number of patients have reported subclinical cardiac changes in association with gestational diabetes mellitus; however, it remains unclear whether the mother and the fetus respond in a similar fashion to gestational diabetes mellitus; thus, by assessing the heart of one, we can estimate or predict changes in the other. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare maternal and fetal cardiovascular functions in the third trimester between women with gestational diabetes mellitus and women with uncomplicated pregnancy and to explore whether gestational diabetes mellitus affects to the same extent the maternal and fetal heart. STUDY DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of maternal and fetal echocardiography for assessment of cardiovascular function in the third trimester in women with singleton pregnancies who received a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and the control group with uncomplicated pregnancies. RESULTS: In this study, we included 161 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 483 women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Compared with women in the control group, women with gestational diabetes mellitus were older (34.5, standard deviation, 5.3 years] vs 32.5, standard deviation, 4.8 years]; P<.001), had higher body mass index (31.3 kg/m(2) [standard deviation, 5.8] vs 28.6 kg/m(2) [standard deviation, 4.4]; P<.001), had lower weight gain during pregnancy (8.3 [interquartile range, 4.8-11 kg] vs 10.8 [interquartile range, 8.2-13.5 kg]; P<.001), and delivered babies with lower birthweight (P<.001). After multivariable analysis, accounting for differences in maternal characteristics and fetal weight, mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had lower left ventricular diastolic and systolic (tissue Doppler systolic [s'] wave) functional indices (P<.01 for both) compared with those of mothers in the control group. The noted cardiac changes did not fulfill the adult criteria for clinical cardiac dysfunction. No differences in hemodynamic indices (cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance) and left ventricular mass were noted between the groups. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had more globular-shaped hearts with increased right and left ventricular sphericity indices (P<.001 for both) and reduced global longitudinal right and left ventricular systolic functional indices (P<.001 for both). The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal and fetal hearts was different, and there was no clear association between the two. CONCLUSION: In the third trimester, in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, there were subclinical cardiac changes in both the mother and the fetus, but there was no significant difference in any of the fetal cardiac parameters between women with and women without unfavorable cardiac profile. This suggests that the stimulus for cardiovascular responses in the mother and fetus may not be the same in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Pre-Pregnancy Body Mass Index and Risk of Macrosomia and Large for Gestational Age Births with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus as a Mediator: A Prospective Cohort Study in Central China.; This study aimed to examine the risk of macrosomia and large for gestational age (LGA) births in relation to maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) status mediated through gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This prospective study included 34,104 singleton pregnancies at 8-14 weeks of gestation. The interesting outcomes were macrosomia (≥4000 g) and LGA (≥90th percentile). Mediation analyses were conducted using log-binomial regression adjusted for age, education, parity, fetal sex, and gestational weight gain. The proportion mediated was estimated based on the risk difference scale, and the E-value was utilized to assess potential confounders. Overall, 15.9% of women had GDM, and there were 4.0% macrosomia and 9.9% LGA births. The proportion mediated by GDM on macrosomia was up to 40% among obese women, and the estimate of the total effect was 6.18 (95% CI: 5.26-7.26), of the natural direct effect was 4.10 (95% CI: 3.35-4.99), and of the natural indirect effect was 1.51 (95% CI: 1.31-1.76). Likewise, among overweight women, the proportion mediated by GDM on macrosomia was up to 40%. Furthermore, consistent findings were evident for the outcome of LGA births. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity increased the risk of macrosomia and LGA births independently and partly mediated by GDM.
Long-term health outcomes in offspring born to women with diabetes in pregnancy.; In this review, we critically assess recent evidence from human studies regarding the potential implications of exposure to maternal diabetes in-utero for long-term adiposity, cardiometabolic outcomes, and cognitive ability of the offspring. Evidence supports a direct causal role for exposure to maternal diabetes in utero in determining offspring long-term greater adiposity and adverse cardiometabolic health. Although a majority of observational studies report associations of exposure to maternal pregnancy diabetes with lower cognitive ability, there is also evidence supporting an opposite 'protective' intrauterine effect of exposure to maternal pregnancy diabetes on offspring cognitive ability. Epigenetic modification has been suggested as a mediator on the pathways from maternal pregnancy diabetes to long-term offspring outcomes and several recent studies that are reviewed here lend some support to this notion, but research in this area is still too novel to be conclusive.
Excessive gestational weight gain is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus in singleton pregnancies: Results from a French cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Increase in prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide raises concern among health professionals. Our purpose was to evaluate the impact of maternal obesity and of excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) on the course of singleton pregnancies in a French maternity ward. STUDY DESIGN: 3599 consecutive women who delivered from April 2013 to May 2015 at Brest University Hospital were included in HPP-IPF cohort study, a study designed to evaluate clinical and biological determinants of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Maternal obesity was defined by a pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m(2) and excessive GWG was defined according to the Institute of Medicine 2009 guidelines. Obstetric complications(including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, venous thromboembolism, PPH, cesarean section (C-section) and macrosomia) were collected prospectively in a standardized case report form. For each complication, Odd Ratios (OR) according to pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG were calculated in univariable and multivariable analyses. RESULTS: Out of the 3162 women analyzed for this report, 583 (18.4%) were overweight, 400 (12.7%) were obese and 36.6% had excessive GWG. In multivariable analysis, after adjustment for confounding factors, obese women were at increased risk of GDM (OR 5.83, 95%CI 4.37-7.79), PPH (OR 1.69, 95%CI 1.19-2.41), C-section (OR 2.50, 95%CI 1.92-3.26) and macrosomia (OR 1.90, 95%CI 1.31-2.76). Similarly, women with excessive GWG were at increased risk of GDM (OR 1.55, 95%CI 1.17-2.06), C-section (OR 1.46, 95%CI 1.16-1.83) and macrosomia (OR 2.09, 95%CI 1.50-2.91). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity and excessive GWG are independent risk factors for GDM, C-section and macrosomia in singleton pregnancies. Further studies are needed to evaluate if a lifestyle intervention aiming at avoiding excessive GWG could improve clinical outcomes in pregnant women.
Development and validation of a facile rapid assessment scale for perinatal venous thromboembolism in puerperium in Chinese women.; BACKGROUND: It is still urgent and challenge to develop a simple risk assessment scale for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in puerperium in Chinese women. METHODS: The study, a retrospective case-control study, was conducted in 12 hospitals in different cities in China. A total of 1152 pregnant women were selected, including 384 cases with VTE and 768 cases without VTE. A logistic regression method was conducted to determine the risk factors of VTE. RESULTS: Age, BMI before delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, family history (thrombosis, diabetes, cardiovascular disease), and assisted reproductive technology were independent risk factors (P<0.05). The difference between the high-risk group and the low-risk group was statistically significant(P<0.001) with a sensitivity of 0.578, specificity of 0.756, Yuden index o.334, and area under the ROC curve of 0.878. CONCLUSIONS: The age (≥ 35 years), BMI before delivery (≥ 30 kg/m(2)), gestational diabetes mellitus, family history of related diseases and assisted reproductive technology are more likely to cause VTE after full-time delivery. The simple and rapid assessment scale of VTE in women after full-term delivery has perfect discrimination (P < 0.001), which can be applied to predict the risk of VTE in Chinese full-term postpartum women.
Cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women with the polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the commonest endocrine disorders, affecting 5-10% of the female population of reproductive age. "Classic" PCOS is characterized by clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism and oligo-ovulation. According to the 2003 Rotterdam criteria, two additional phenotypes are recognized: (1) the ovulatory patient with androgen excess and polycystic ovarian morphology and (2) the anovulatory patient with polycystic ovarian morphology without androgen excess. PCOS is associated with an adverse cardiometabolic profile, consisting of increased total or central adiposity, increased blood pressure, a pro-atherogenic lipid profile, increased inflammatory markers, insulin resistance and abnormal glucose metabolism. Furthermore, the incidence of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as of preeclampsia is significantly higher in PCOS patients. Among the various PCOS phenotypes, those with evidence of androgen excess have the highest burden of cardiovascular risk. Studies evaluating the incidence of cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women with PCOS are extremely sparse. The available data so far indicate that coronary heart disease, as well as cerebrovascular disease is more common in postmenopausal PCOS patients. Persisting high androgen levels through the menopause, obesity and maturity onset diabetes mellitus are proposed as the main mechanisms accounting for the increased risk.
Clinical analysis of 2860 cases of diabetes in pregnancy: a single-center retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: To investigate the epidemiological, clinical characteristics and outcomes of diabetes in pregnancy (DIP). METHODS: This single-center, retrospective study included 16,974 pregnant women hospitalized during 2018-2019. Among them, 2860 DIP patients were grouped according to diabetes type, glycemic status, and insulin use. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was conducted. RESULTS: The incidence of DIP [17.10%; pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), 2.00% (type I, 0.08%; type 2, 1.92%); gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 14.85% (GDM A1, 13.58%; GDM A2, 1.27%)] increased annually. Premature birth, congenital anomalies, large for gestational age (LGA), neonatal asphyxia, neonatal intensive care unit transfer, hypertension, and puerperal infection were more common in DIP than in healthy pregnancies. The most common comorbidities/complications were hypertension, thyroid dysfunction, cervical incompetence, intrahepatic cholestasis, premature membrane rupture, oligo/polyhydramnios, and fetal distress. GDM incidence at ages ≥35 and ≥ 45 years was 1.91 and 3.26 times that at age < 35 years, respectively. If only women with high-risk factors were screened, 34.8% GDM cases would be missed. The proportion of insulin use was 14.06% (PGDM, 55%; GDM, 8.53%). Mean gestational age at peak insulin dose in DIP was 32.87 ± 5.46 weeks. Peak insulin doses in PGDM and GDM were 3.67 and 2 times the initial doses, respectively. The risks of LGA, premature birth, cesarean section, and neonatal hypoglycemia in PGDM were 1.845, 1.533, 1.797, and 1.368 times of those in GDM, respectively. The risks of premature birth and neonatal hypoglycemia in women with poor glycemic control were 1.504 and 1.558 times of those in women with good control, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of adverse outcomes in DIP is high.
Special Considerations in the Management of Diabetes in Women.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes and prediabetes are heterogeneous diseases that directly affect over 115 million Americans. Considerable gender differences exist with regard to diabetes risk factors, hormonal effects on glucose, and cardiovascular outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Historically, diabetes studies have largely focused on men with the assumption that the data can safely be extrapolated to women. However, more recent investigations have illuminated significant differences between genders. RESULTS: Women are at higher risk of death from cardiovascular disease (CVD), are more likely to die following a myocardial infarction, and are treated less aggressively toward glycemic targets. Additionally, pregnancy and menopause have profound effects on the risks for diabetes and therefore warrant more aggressive diagnostic attention and monitoring. It is important for practitioners to understand that women who have gestational diabetes are at an increased risk for CVD even if they do not develop diabetes. Older age brings additional challenges with diabetes, including increased fracture risk even with normal bone mineral density. CONCLUSION: Recognizing the stages of life that are unique to women is critical as treatment and patient education can significantly impact patient well-being and outcomes. This article describes female-specific characteristics of prediabetes and diabetes during several distinct phases of life, including pregnancy, menopause, and older age. Diagnostic and management strategies for these populations are also discussed.
Asymptomatic coronary artery disease in a pregnant patient. A case report and review of literature.; BACKGROUND: Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy has been reported and has been shown to be associated with poor maternal and fetal outcomes. However, the vast majority of these patients do not have previously recognized ischemic heart disease. Pregnancy and delivery pose significant cardiac stress and risk to the mother and fetus. However, it is unknown how available therapies can be utilized in the pregnant patient with identified ischemic heart disease to minimize these risks. CASE REPORT: We present a 39-year-old asymptomatic diabetic female with a positive stress echocardiogram at 16 weeks of pregnancy who remained asymptomatic throughout pregnancy with medical management and went on to have a normal vaginal delivery in the process suffering a small non-ST elevation myocardial infarction with pulmonary edema following delivery due to volume overload. She ultimately underwent cardiac catheterization and successful four-vessel CABG 1 months after her delivery. CONCLUSION: We present this patient to suggest a successful strategy of managing a patient with non-revascularized asymptomatic coronary artery disease during pregnancy. In addition to reviewing the appropriate medical therapy during pregnancy, we discuss the data on revascularization procedures as well as recommendations for delivery and stress testing for such patients.
Effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus on macrosomia and birth defects in Upstate New York.; AIMS: To evaluate the effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on macrosomia and birth defects. METHODS: Existing birth registry data from the Perinatal Data System in Upstate New York was analysed. 650,914 women with a singleton term pregnancy (≥37 weeks) aged 18-55 years from 2004 to 2016 were included. RESULTS: The prevalence of macrosomia in infants born to women with PGDM and GDM were 26.0% and 16.4%, respectively, higher than that in the controls (11.2%). Compared with the controls (0.8%), the PGDM and GDM groups had higher prevalence of any birth defect (1.8% and 1.0%). The PGDM group had the highest prevalence of cyanotic heart disease (0.6%). Moreover, the PGDM group had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect compared to the GDM and control groups (p < 0.05). However, these birth defects in the GDM group were similar to those in the controls. Both the PGDM and GDM groups had significantly elevated odds of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect than controls. The PGDM group had higher odds of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect. CONCLUSIONS: Using the Perinatal Data System database, PGDM and GDM, especially PGDM, was associated with higher prevalence of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect in singleton term pregnancy in Upstate New York. PGDM, not GDM had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect.
"Does periodontal therapy reduce the risk for systemic diseases?".; Periodontal disease is treated by various approaches, including simple oral hygiene practices, professional mechanical debridement, antimicrobial therapy and periodontal surgery. There is evidence to associate periodontal disease with several systemic diseases and conditions, including myocardial infarction, adverse pregnancy outcomes, diabetes mellitus, and respiratory disease. This article reviews the published literature that describes the effects of periodontal treatment on cardiovascular diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, diabetes mellitus, and respiratory disease. While some progress has been made, further research is required to understand the value of periodontal interventions in the prevention of systemic diseases.
Long-term Neurobehavioral and Metabolic Outcomes in Offspring of Mothers With Diabetes During Pregnancy: A Large, Population-Based Cohort Study in Ontario, Canada.; OBJECTIVE: Offspring of women with diabetes are at increased risk of developing neurobehavioral and cardiometabolic disorders, but there is scant evidence regarding the association between glycemic level during pregnancy and these long-term offspring outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a population-based, cohort study of deliveries in Ontario between April 1991 and March 2018. Women had preexisting diabetes, gestational diabetes, or no diabetes. We applied a Cox proportional hazard model to examine the risk of developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring and assessed the association between pregnancy HbA1c levels and risk of outcomes, adjusting for confounders. RESULTS: A total of 3,407,961 mother-infant pairs were followed up to 29 years. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, offspring of women with type 1 diabetes had the highest risk of ADHD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.43 [95% CI 1.36-1.49]), ASD (aHR 1.94 [1.80-2.09]), diabetes (aHR 4.73 [4.34-5.16]), hypertension (aHR 2.32 [2.07-2.61]), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) (aHR 1.72 [1.56-1.90]), followed by offspring of women with type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes compared with those unexposed. Among women with preexisting diabetes, there was an association between level of pregnancy HbA1c and offspring diabetes (aHR 1.22 [95% CI 1.12-1.32]), hypertension (aHR 1.42 [1.29-1.57]), and CVD (aHR 1.20 [1.11-1.29]) but no statistically significant association with neurobehavioral outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: In utero exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with an increase in ADHD, ASD, and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring, with differences seen across diabetes subtypes. Pregnancy glycemia was associated with cardiometabolic outcomes, but not neurobehavioral outcomes, and provides a potentially modifiable risk factor to decrease cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring.
Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and the risks for specific birth defects: a population-based case-control study.; Although the excess risk for birth defects among children of mothers with diabetes mellitus is well documented, there are few data concerning the risk for specific malformations. In the Atlanta Birth Defects Case-Control Study, those risks for malformations were evaluated. The population-based study included 4929 live and stillborn babies with major malformations ascertained by the Metropolitan Atlanta Congenital Defects Program in the first year of life born to residents of Metropolitan Atlanta between 1968 and 1980. The study also included 3029 nonmalformed live babies who were frequency-matched to case babies by race, period of birth, and hospital of birth. The relative risk for major malformations among infants of mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (n = 28) was 7.9 (95% confidence interval [CI]1.9, 33.5) compared with infants of nondiabetic mothers. The relative risks for major central nervous system and cardiovascular system defects were 15.5 (95% CI = 3.3, 73.8) and 18.0 (95% CI = 3.9, 82.5), respectively. The absolute risks for major, central nervous system, and cardiovascular system malformations among infants of diabetic mothers were 18.4, 5.3, and 8.5 per 100 live births, respectively. Infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus who required insulin during the third trimester of pregnancy were 20.6 (95% CI = 2.5, 168.5) times more likely to have major cardiovascular system defects than infants of nondiabetic mothers. The absolute risk for infants of this group of diabetic mothers was 9.7%. No statistically significant differences were found among infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus who did not require insulin during pregnancy.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effect of Prenatal Care on Perinatal Outcomes of Pregnant Women with Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review.; Objective: to evaluate the effect of prenatal care (PC) on perinatal outcomes of pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (DM). Methods: systematic review developed according to Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) 2020 guidelines and conducted through the population, intervention, control, and outcomes (PICO) strategy. Clinical trials and observational studies were selected, with adult pregnant women, single-fetus pregnancy, diagnosis of DM, or gestational DM and who had received PC and/or nutritional therapy (NT). The search was carried out in PubMed, Scopus, and BIREME databases. The quality of the studies was evaluated using the tools of the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute-National Institutes of Health (NHLBI-NIH). Results: We identified 5972 records, of which 15 (n=47 420 pregnant women) met the eligibility criteria. The most recurrent outcomes were glycemic control (14 studies; n=9096 participants), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (2; n=39 282), prematurity (6; n=40 163), large for gestational age newborns (4; n=1556), fetal macrosomia (birth weight >4kg) (6; n=2980) and intensive care unit admission (4; n=2022). Conclusions: The findings suggest that PC interferes with the perinatal outcome, being able to reduce the risks of complications associated with this comorbidity through early intervention, especially when the NT is an integral part of this assistance.
Risk factors of hypertensive pregnancies in women with diabetes and the influence on their future life.; Diabetic women carry a 2-4 times increased risk of a hypertensive pregnancy compared to non-diabetic people. This risk is related to presence of diabetic nephropathy, but also poor glycaemic control. Efforts to improve glycaemic control have decreased perinatal morbidity and mortality related to diabetic nephropathy. Despite good glycaemic control, overt nephropathy is associated with a variety of pregnancy complications, such as fetal growth restriction and pre-eclampsia. General population studies show that women with a history of pre-eclampsia are more prone to develop cardiovascular disease later in life than women with a history of normotensive pregnancy. Furthermore, recent data regarding the long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late diabetic complications indicate that these women should be followed and treatment should be started early. In this review we summarize data on risk factors and long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late diabetic complications that may be of clinical relevance in the prevention of these complications.
Impact of Prenatal Exposure to Maternal Diabetes and High-Fat Diet on Postnatal Myocardial Ketone Body Metabolism in Rats.; Infants exposed to diabetic pregnancy are at higher risk of cardiomyopathy at birth and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) as adults. Using a rat model, we showed how fetal exposure to maternal diabetes causes cardiac disease through fuel-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction, and that a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) exaggerates the risk. Diabetic pregnancy increases circulating maternal ketones which can have a cardioprotective effect, but whether diabetes-mediated complex I dysfunction impairs myocardial metabolism of ketones postnatally remains unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether neonatal rat cardiomyocytes (NRCM) from diabetes- and HFD-exposed offspring oxidize ketones as an alternative fuel source. To test our hypothesis, we developed a novel ketone stress test (KST) using extracellular flux analyses to compare real-time ß-hydroxybutyrate (βHOB) metabolism in NRCM. We also compared myocardial expression of genes responsible for ketone and lipid metabolism. NRCM had a dose-dependent increase in respiration with increasing concentrations of βHOB, demonstrating that both control and combination exposed NRCM can metabolize ketones postnatally. Ketone treatment also enhanced the glycolytic capacity of combination exposed NRCM with a dose-dependent increase in the glucose-mediated proton efflux rate (PER) from CO2 (aerobic glycolysis) alongside a decreased reliance on PER from lactate (anaerobic glycolysis). Expression of genes responsible for ketone body metabolism was higher in combination exposed males. Findings demonstrate that myocardial ketone body metabolism is preserved and improves fuel flexibility in NRCM from diabetes- and HFD-exposed offspring, which suggests that ketones might serve a protective role in neonatal cardiomyopathy due to maternal diabetes.
Associations of early pregnancy serum uric acid levels with risk of gestational diabetes and birth outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Previous evidence suggests that higher blood uric acid (UA) levels are associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes during pregnancy and subsequent birth outcomes. However, it has been relatively unclear whether these associations persist in normotensive pregnant women. METHODS: The study was based on a retrospective analysis of 18,250 mother-infant pairs in a large obstetric center in China. Serum UA concentrations in early pregnancy (median: 17.6, IQR: 16.3, 18.6 gestational weeks) were assessed. Hyperuricemia was defined as ≥ one standard deviation (SD) of the reference value for the corresponding gestational age. Outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth (PB), low birth weight (LBW), macrosomia, small for gestational age (SGA) and large for gestational age (LGA) were extracted from the medical records. RESULTS: The mean maternal UA level was 0.22 ± 0.05 mmol/L, and 2,896 (15.9%) subjects had hyperuricemia. After adjustment for several covariates, UA was associated with several adverse outcomes. The ORs (95%CI) per one SD increase in serum UA concentration were 1.250 (1.136, 1.277) for GDM, 1.137 (1.060, 1.221) for PB, 1.134 (1.051, 1.223) for LBW, and 1.077 (1.020, 1.137) for SGA, respectively. Similar adverse associations were found between hyperuricemia and GDM, PB (ORs: 1.394 and 1.385, P < 0.001), but not for LBW, macrosomia, SGA, and LGA. Adverse associations tended to be more pronounced in subjects with higher BMI for outcomes including PB, LBW, and SGA (P interaction = 0.001-0.028). CONCLUSION: Higher UA levels in early pregnancy were associated with higher risk of GDM, PB, LBW, and SGA in normotensive Chinese women.
The Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Following Bereavement: A Cohort Study from Denmark and Sweden.; BACKGROUND: We investigated whether bereavement of a close family member - a source of severe psychological stress exposure - the year before pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We studied pregnant women with livebirths in Denmark during 1994-2008 and with births in Sweden during 1987-2006 (n = 2,569,446). We obtained data on death of women's parents, siblings, and older children, and on demographic and health- and pregnancy-related factors through linkage between nationwide registers. RESULTS: In multivariable models, death of a close relative the year before pregnancy was associated with a 14% increased odds of GDM [95% confidence intervals (CIs) 1.03, 1.26]. The odds ratios corresponding to the loss of a child, parent, and sibling were 1.51 (95% CI: 1.17, 1.95), 1.12 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.25), and 0.68 (95% CI: 0.40, 1.25), respectively. Deaths due to cardiovascular diseases or diabetes were more closely related to the risk of GDM than other types of deaths. We found no association between unnatural deaths and the risk of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Death of a close relative the year before pregnancy was associated with a modestly increased GDM risk. Our findings according to the relative's cause of death suggest that differences in screening for GDM among exposure groups and residual confounding by familial factors related to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases may have contributed to this association. If there is a causal stress effect on GDM in this predominantly Nordic population, it is most likely small.
Short- and long-range complications in offspring of diabetic mothers.; The perinatal mortality rate of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) has declined dramatically from 250 per 1000 live births in the 1960s to a near-normal 20 per 1000 live births in the 1980s. Five to 8% of all IDMs suffer from major congenital malformations, and it is the latter that are responsible for 50% of these perinatal deaths. It has been shown that tight glycemic control prior to conception and during pregnancy can prevent an excess rate of congenital malformations, fetal macrosomia, birth trauma, and neonatal respiratory distress syndrome. We briefly review the short- and long-range complications that occur in offspring of diabetic mothers (ODMs) from gestation through young adulthood. Short-term neonatal complications, such as hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hypomagnesemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and polycythemia, are related mainly to fetal hyperinsulinemia, hypoxemia, and prematurity. They are readily controllable within the setup of modern neonatal intensive care units. Long-range complications include an increased rate of childhood and adolescent obesity, impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes mellitus, and subtle neuropsychological dysfunctions. These may be related to the severity of the maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy, the consequent fetal hyperinsulinemia, and third trimester maternal lipid metabolism disturbances. Today we have at hand the knowledge and tools to properly treat both pregestational and gestational diabetes. Increased education of the general practitioner and the target population regarding early referral of pregestational diabetic mothers and the implementation of screening programs for gestational diabetes will further reduce diabetic pregnancy-related morbidity.
Gestational diabetes mellitus outcome in 394 patients.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their offspring have pregnancy outcomes and complications of pregnancy that are different from those in the general obstetric population. METHODS: Through medical record coding, we identified women with GDM and a singleton pregnancy with cephalic presentation who delivered at St. Paul's Hospital between January 1, 1995, and December 31, 2001. In total, 394 births were analyzed and their outcomes compared with those of a control group of 100 non-diabetic women with the same gestational age (38 weeks) at delivery. RESULTS: Women with gestational diabetes were of lesser parity (P 0.05), appreciably older (P 0.05), and less likely to be Caucasian (P 0.005) than the general obstetric population. Women with GDM also had a higher risk of Caesarean section (P 0.05), gestational hypertension (P 0.05), and large for gestational age (LGA) deliveries (P 0.005). Of women with GDM, those treated with insulin had a higher incidence of LGA deliveries than those on diet therapy alone. The incidence of respiratory distress syndrome and of need for phototherapy was similar in babies whose mothers had GDM and in those whose mothers did not. CONCLUSION: Although the rate of complications remains low, GDM creates a predisposition to increased maternal and neonatal complications.
Understanding the link between different types of maternal diabetes and the onset of autism spectrum disorders.; Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) encompass a collection of neurodevelopmental disorders that exhibit impaired social interactions and repetitive stereotypic behaviors. Although the exact cause of these disorders remains unknown, it is widely accepted that both genetic and environmental factors contribute to their onset and progression. Recent studies have highlighted the potential negative impact of maternal diabetes on embryonic neurodevelopment, suggesting that intrauterine hyperglycemia could pose an additional risk to early brain development and contribute to the development of ASD. This paper presents a comprehensive analysis of the current research on the relationship between various forms of maternal diabetes, such as type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and gestational diabetes mellitus, and the likelihood of ASD in offspring. The study elucidates the potential mechanisms through which maternal hyperglycemia affects fetal development, involving metabolic hormones, immune dysregulation, heightened oxidative stress, and epigenetic alterations. The findings of this review offer valuable insights for potential preventive measures and evidence-based interventions targeting ASD.
Fetal Cardiac Functional Abnormalities Assessed by Echocardiography in Mothers Suffering Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; Abnormal cardiovascular changes especially hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is potentially expected in the fetuses of the diabetic pregnancy women. However, there is still little consensus on quantitative cardiac abnormalities in infants with diabetic mothers. The present study comprehensively analyzed the studies on functional changes in heart in infants of diabetic mothers with a greater focus on occurrence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. All comparative studies evaluating and comparing quantitatively the changes in cardiac parameters using echocardiography in fetuses with and without diabetic mothers were eligible for assessment. The included studies were identified through electronically reviewing the manuscripts databases of MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of knowledge, and Google Scholar from inception to May 2020. The meta-analysis included 11 comparative with overall 849 fetuses for gestational diabetic mothers and 1247 for healthy mothers. Assessing cardiac diameters by fetal echocardiography showed significantly lower mitral E/A ratio, lower tricuspid E/A ratio, higher interventricular septal thickness, higher myocardial performance index, higher isovolumic relaxation time, and higher isovolumic contraction time in fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus group as compared to healthy group adjusting for gestational diabetes mellitus. The presence of gestational diabetes mellitus can potentially affect the fetal cardiac parameters especially as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy leading both cardiac systolic and diastolic dysfunction.
Hypertension in diabetic pregnancy: impact and long-term outlook.; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy can be chronic, pregestational or just diagnosed before the 20th week, or newly diagnosed in the second half of pregnancy. Any type of hypertension is more frequent in diabetic pregnancies with a different distribution among different types of diabetes. Most of the evidence is for pre-eclampsia associated with a marked increase in primary caesarean section, preterm birth and more need for neonatal intensive care. Different risk factors and pregnancy outcomes would support the hypothesis that pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension might be largely separate entities, but this position is not unanimously accepted. Chronic hypertension increases with age and duration of diabetes, predicting increased rates of prematurity and neonatal morbidity, especially when associated with superimposed pre-eclampsia. Long-term consequences are observed in women whose pregnancy was complicated by hypertension such as chronic hypertension and cardiovascular diseases.
Mortality among infants of diabetic mothers with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association between hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and mortality among infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of hospitalized IDMs admitted at ≤14-days-old in the Pediatric Health Information System (years 2004 - 2019). Multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between HCM and mortality; covariates in the model were prematurity, sex, and congenital malformations of the cardiovascular, nervous, urinary and musculoskeletal systems. RESULTS: Among 32,993 IDMs, there were 203 (0.6%) with HCM. Black and Hispanic children were disproportionately represented among children with HCM compared to those without HCM (23.2 vs. 14.9%, p = .001 for Black, and 30.0 vs. 22.1%, p = .007 for Hispanic). IDMs with HCM were also larger at birth (median birth weight 4120 g [interquartile range 3600-4703] vs. 3270 g [interquartile range 2535-3910]; p < .001). In-hospital mortality in patients with HCM was greater than in those without HCM (4.9 vs. 1.3%, p < 0.001), and odds of mortality were greater among those with HCM (adjusted odds ratio 2.10, 95% confidence interval: 1.04-4.25; p = .038). CONCLUSION: We identify HCM as a contributor to in-hospital mortality. These data reinforce the need for more specific diagnostic criteria, better prevention of maternal diabetes, and effective therapies for HCM in IDMs.
Is the use of insulin lispro safe in pregnancy?; OBJECTIVE: To provide a review of the use and safety of insulin lispro during pregnancy. METHODS: This is a review of the available literature on the use of insulin lispro in pregnancy. A MEDLINE search was performed which included published manuscripts and abstracts in the English language to June 2001. RESULTS: The extensive search revealed that data on insulin lispro use during pregnancy are limited. Most of the reports on the use of insulin lispro during pregnancy demonstrated improvement of glycemic control, an increase in patient satisfaction, decreased hypoglycemic episodes, improved maternal and neonatal outcomes, and no deterioration in retinal status. However, there were two reports where it was suggested that there was an association with the use of insulin lispro in pregnancy and increased risk for the development of congenital anomalies and/or development or progression of diabetic retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS: Preliminary data suggest that insulin lispro does not have adverse maternal or fetal effects during pregnancy in women with diabetes. The use of insulin lispro during pregnancy results in improved glycemic control, fewer hypoglycemic episodes, improved patient satisfaction, improved maternal and neonatal outcomes and no deterioration in retinal status. There is no evidence that the use of insulin lispro during pregnancy results in an increased rate of congenital malformations. A prospective randomized clinical trial is imperative for further evaluation of any possible association with the use of insulin lispro during pregnancy and an increased rate of congenital malformations or change in retinal status.
Trends in the incidence of diabetes, its clinical sequelae, and associated costs in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Increasing diabetes prevalence affects a substantial number of pregnant women in the United States. Our aims were to evaluate health outcomes, medical costs, risks and types of complications associated with diabetes in pregnancy for mothers and newborns. METHODS: In this retrospective claims analysis, patients were identified from the Truven Health MarketScan(®) database (2004-2011 inclusive). Participants were aged 18-45 years, with ascertainable diabetes status [Yes/No], date of birth event >2005 and continuous health plan enrolment ≥21 months before and 3 months after the birth. RESULTS: In total, 839 792 pregnancies were identified, and 66 041 (7.86%) were associated with diabetes mellitus [type 1 (T1DM), 0.13%; type 2 (T2DM), 1.21%; gestational (GDM), 6.29%; and GDM progressing to T2DM (patients without prior diabetes who had a T2DM diagnosis after the birth event), 0.23%]. Relative risk (RR) of stillbirth (2.51), miscarriage (1.28) and Caesarean section (C-section) (1.77) was significantly greater with T2DM versus non-diabetes. Risk of C-section was also significantly greater for other diabetes types [RR 1.92 (T1DM); 1.37 (GDM); 1.63 (GDM progressing to T2DM)]. Risk of overall major congenital (RR ≥ 1.17), major congenital circulatory (RR ≥ 1.19) or major congenital heart (RR ≥ 1.18) complications was greater in newborns of mothers with diabetes versus without. Mothers with T2DM had significantly higher risk (RR ≥ 1.36) of anaemia, depression, hypertension, infection, migraine, or cardiac, obstetrical or respiratory complications than non-diabetes patients. Mean medical costs were higher with all diabetes types, particularly T1DM ($27 531), than non-diabetes ($14 355). CONCLUSIONS: Complications and costs of healthcare were greater with diabetes, highlighting the need to optimize diabetes management in pregnancy.
Primary care management post gestational diabetes in Australia.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GD) have a high risk of developing diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD). AIM: To assess whether diabetes screening and CVD risk screening occurred in general practice (GP) among postpartum women with GD. METHODS: This is a retrospective study of clinical record data of women with GD, under active GP management, from the MedicineInsight programme, run by Australia's National Prescribing Service MedicineWise, with GP sites located in Australia from January 2015 to March 2021. Documentation of screening for diabetes, assessment of lipids and measurement of blood pressure (BP) was assessed using proportions and mixed-effects logistic regression with a log follow-up time offset. RESULTS: There were 10 413 women, with a mean age of 37.9 years (standard deviation, 7.6), from 406 clinics with a mean follow-up of 4.6 years (interquartile range, 1.8-6.2 years) A total of 29.41% (3062/10 413; 95% confidence interval [CI], 28.53-30.28) had not been assessed for diabetes, 37.40% (3894/10 413; 95% CI, 36.47-38.32) were not assessed for lipids and 2.19% (228/10 413; 95% CI, 1.91-2.47) had no BP documented. In total, 51.82% (5396/10 413; 95% CI, 50.86-52.78) were screened for all three (diabetes + lipids + BP) at least once. Obesity, comorbidities and dyslipidaemia were associated with increased likelihood of screening. New diabetes diagnosis was documented in 5.73% (597/10 413; 95% CI, 5.29-6.18) of the cohort. CONCLUSION: Screening for diabetes and hyperlipidaemia was suboptimal in this high-risk cohort of women with prior GD. Improved messaging that women with a GD diagnosis are at high cardiovascular risk may improve subsequent screening.
The importance of declining insulin requirements during pregnancy in patients with pre-gestational gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: In patients with pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), insulin requirements often increase during the third trimester of pregnancy in order to maintain proper glycemic control. However, a fraction of patients demonstrate a significant decrease in insulin requirements in late gestation. We aimed to evaluate the clinical significance of decreasing insulin requirements in patients with pre-gestational diabetes and GDM with respect to fetal wellbeing and pregnancy outcome. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective cohort study in a single referral center for gestational diabetes between 1/2010 and 12/2014. Healthy pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes and GDMA2 and a decrease of at least 30% in insulin requirements over a period of two weeks during the third trimester (group A) were compared to women with stable or increasing insulin requirements (group B). The primary outcome was a composite of situations associated with feto-placental dysfunction (fetal growth restriction, oligohydramnios and cesarean section due to category 2-3 monitor). Secondary outcomes were maternal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results 6 weeks postpartum, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission rates, Apgar scores ≤7 at 5min, arterial blood pH≤7.1, macrosomia, neonatal hypoglycemia and a composite adverse neonatal outcomes (defined as one or more of the following: respiratory morbidity, cerebral morbidity, phototherapy, need for blood transfusion, necrotizing enterocolitis or death). RESULTS: Group A consisted of 101 women and group B - of 203 women. There were no differences between the groups in demographic characteristics or diagnostic characteristics of diabetes. The frequency of conditions related to feto-placental dysfunction did not differ between the groups (7.9% vs. 8.4%, p=0.61). Secondary outcome measures also did not differ between the groups, regardless of insulin requirements. CONCLUSION: Decreasing insulin requirements during the third trimester are not associated with adverse perinatal outcome related to placental dysfunction.
Increased fetal epicardial fat thickness: A reflecting finding for GDM and perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To study the value of fetal epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in gestational diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy and its relationship with clinical parameters and perinatal outcomes. METHODS: A total of 80 participants, including 40 with diagnosed GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women, were included in the study. Demographic data were obtained from medical records. Sonographic examinations were performed, such as amniotic fluid value, fetal biometric measurements, and Doppler parameters of the umbilical artery. Fetal EFT values were measured at the free wall of the right ventricle using a reference line with echocardiographic methods. Correlation tests were performed to evaluate the relationship between fetal EFT and clinical and perinatal parameters. p < .05 were interpreted as statistically significant. RESULTS: The fetal EFT value was statistically higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p: .000). Spearman and Pearson correlation tests revealed statistically significant but weak positive correlations between fetal EFT value, 1-h 100-g OGTT, birth weight, and BMI (r: .198, p: .047; r: .395, p: .012; r: .360, p: .042, respectively). The optimal fetal EFT threshold for predicting GDM disease was found as 1.55 mm, with a specificity of 74.4% and sensitivity of 75.0%. Statistically significant differences between the two groups in umbilical artery Doppler resistance index (RI), pulsatility index (PI), and systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) were not found (p: .337; p: .503; p: .155;). BMI and amniotic fluid volume were higher in the GDM group compared to the control group (p: .009; p < .01). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that increased fetal EFT may occur as a reflection of changes in glucose metabolism in intrauterine life. Future studies with larger series, including the study of neonatal metabolic parameters, will contribute to the understanding of the importance of fetal EFT in determining the metabolic status of the fetus.
Infant of a diabetic mother: clinical presentation, diagnosis and treatment.; An infant of a diabetic mother is defined as a newborn born to a mother who has diabetes during pregnancy. The term diabetic mother refers to pregnant women with diabetes diagnosed either before (type 1 or 2 diabetes) or during pregnancy (gestational diabetes). Rising incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in young women and increasing maternal age at conception account for the higher risk of birth complications and adverse maternal and infant outcomes. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) because of mother's diabetes are prone to developing complications and the most common include: large birth weight and complications resulting from it (i.e. birth injuries, perinatal asphyxia), cardiovascular and respiratory insufficiency (poor tolerance of labor stress), neonatal hypoglycemia and it's complications, delayed lung maturity (fetal hyperinsulinism and the opposite function of insulin to cortisol), cardiomegaly and hypertrophy of the intraventricular septum (functional narrowing of the outflow of the left ventricle and cardiac failure), congenital malformations (most often of the central nervous system and heart). Less common complications in IDMs are: persistent pulmonary hypertension, hyperbilirubinemia, renal vein thrombosis, small left colon syndrome, intrauterine death, polycythemia, and a predisposition to obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes later in life. This article presents current knowledge about pathological conditions and the recommended management for IDMs.
Fetal and neonatal atrial arrhythmias: an association with maternal diabetes and neonatal macrosomia.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if the incidence of maternal diabetes mellitus or neonatal macrosomia is more frequent in fetuses and neonates with atrial arrhythmias than the general population. METHODS: Fetuses and neonates <30 days of age with atrial flutter or ectopic atrial tachycardia and structurally normal hearts were identified retrospectively through the cardiology databases. Electrocardiograms, echocardiograms, and medical records of mothers and infants were reviewed. RESULTS: Thirty-one patients (15 fetuses, 12 diagnosed in-utero) were identified. Infants with atrial flutter or ectopic atrial tachycardia were more likely to be macrosomic or to be born to diabetic mothers than the general population. Two had left atrial dimension z-scores above +2, and two had interventricular thickness z-scores above +2. Eighteen of 19 had abnormal mitral E/A ratios, suggesting left ventricular diastolic dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses and neonates with atrial flutter or ectopic atrial tachycardia were more likely to be macrosomic or be born to diabetic mothers than the general population. Postnatal echocardiography suggests that there may be abnormal diastolic left ventricular filling in some babies with these arrhythmias. Independent of ventricular hypertrophy, we speculate that isolated, non-recurrent fetal or neonatal atrial flutter, or ectopic atrial tachycardia may be caused by cardiac diastolic dysfunction and atrial stretch in utero.
Association of maternal vitamin B(12) and folate levels in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes: a prospective UK cohort study (PRiDE study).; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide in all ethnic groups. Low vitamin B(12) and low/high folate levels may contribute to GDM risk, but there is conflicting evidence. Our aim is to assess the relationships of early pregnancy vitamin B(12) and folate levels with the risk of GDM status at 26-28 weeks of gestation. METHODS: This was a prospective, multi-centre, multi-ethnic cohort study (n = 4746) in the UK. Participants who were eligible to be selectively screened as per the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) criteria were included in the study. RESULTS: GDM prevalence was 12.5% by NICE and 14.7% by International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Folate deficiency (1.3%) was rare but B(12) insufficiency (42.3% at <220 pmol/l) and folate excess (36.5%) were common in early pregnancy. Early pregnancy median B(12) levels were lower, and folate levels higher, in women who were diagnosed with GDM at 26-28 weeks. B(12) was negatively associated with fasting plasma glucose (1 SD: -0.06 mmol/l; 95% CI -0.04, -0.08; p < 0.0001) and 2 h plasma glucose levels (-0.07 mmol/l; 95% CI -0.02, -0.12; p = 0.004). Higher B(12) was associated with 14.4% lower RR of IADPSG-GDM (0.856; 95% CI 0.786, 0.933; p = 0.0004) after adjusting for key confounders (age, parity, smoking status, ethnicity, family history, household income and folate status). Approximately half of this association was mediated through BMI. Folate was positively associated with 2 h plasma glucose levels (0.08 mmol/l; 95% CI 0.04, 0.13; p = 0.0005) but its relationship with fasting plasma glucose was U-shaped (quadratic β: 0.011; p = 0.05). Higher folate was associated with 11% higher RR of IADPSG-GDM (adjusted RR 1.11; 95% CI 1.036, 1.182; p = 0.002) (age, parity, smoking status, ethnicity, family history, household income and B(12) status). Although no interactions were observed for B(12) and folate (as continuous variables) with glucose levels and GDM risk, a low B(12)-high folate combination was associated with higher blood glucose level and risk of IADPSG-GDM (adjusted RR 1.742; 95% CI 1.226, 2.437; p = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: B(12) insufficiency and folate excess were common in early pregnancy. Low B(12) and high folate levels in early pregnancy were associated with small but statistically significant changes in maternal blood glucose level and higher RR of GDM. Our findings warrant additional studies on the role of unmetabolised folic acid in glucose metabolism and investigating the effect of optimising early pregnancy or pre-conception B(12) and folate levels on subsequent hyperglycaemia. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03008824.
Changes in the shape and function of the fetal heart of pre- and gestational diabetes mothers.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycemia during pregnancy can affect fetal heart in many ways, including causing cardiac malformation, leading to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and cardiac dysfunction. Echocardiographic evaluation can assist identify alterations in heart structure, morphology and function, enabling prompt monitoring and management. However, according to earlier research, the cardiac alterations are modest in hyperglycemic mothers' fetuses, and might not be detectable using conventional methods and it is also unclear whether these changes are related to the metabolism of mothers. Fetal Heart Quantification (Fetal HQ) can assess ventricular geometry and function more sensitively and thoroughly, and identify sub-clinical cardiac dysfunction. The purpose of this study was to evaluate fetal heart by Fetal HQ in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers who either had pre-gestational or gestational diabetes and to correlate them with maternal metabolic indices. METHODS: The fetuses of 25 gestational age-matched control mothers, 48 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 11 women with diabetes mellitus (DM) were included in the prospective case-control research. Using fetal echocardiography and speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), the heart of the fetus was evaluated. Differences in the groups' anthropometric, metabolic, and cardiac parameters were examined. It was assessed whether maternal features, prenatal glucose, lipids, and maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) correlated with fetal cardiac parameters. RESULTS: The LV EDV and ESV were significantly higher in the GDM group as compared to the DM group (p < 0.05). The GSI% was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control (p < 0.05). The LV SV and CO of the GDM group were both significantly higher compared with the DM group (p < 0.05). There was a significant decrease in RV FS for segments 1-7 in GDM fetuses compared to the control (p < 0.05) and for segments 5-10 compared to DM (p < 0.05). Fetal cardiac morphology and function indices correlate with maternal pregestational weight, BMI, early pregnancy fast glucose, lipids, and glycemic control levels. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes have altered heart morphology and function that is linked to maternal metabolic parameters, which presents a special indication for performing geometry and function cardiac assessment. Fetal HQ can be employed to evaluate the fetal cardiac shape and function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes.
The impact of gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism on the third-trimester ultrasound parameters and in adverse perinatal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the impact of gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism on the third-trimester ultrasound parameters and in adverse perinatal outcomes. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study with 817 singleton pregnant women between 26w0d and 37w6d of gestation which were divided in four groups: 56 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 63 hypothyroidism, 14 GDM + hypothyroidism, and 684 controls. The following ultrasound parameters were assessed: mean uterine artery pulsatility index (PI), umbilical artery PI, middle cerebral artery PI, single deepest pocket (SDP) and cerebroplacental ratio (CPR). Adverse perinatal outcomes were the following: low birth weight, macrosomia, and Agar score at 1st min <7. These four groups were compared using the Kruskall-Wallis and χ(2) tests. RESULTS: Pregnant women from GDM showed higher weight (p < 0.001), BMI (p < 0.001), SDP (p < 0.001) and newborns with higher birth weight (p = 0.008) and macrosomia (p = 0.02) than other groups. Comparing with control, hypothyroidism showed higher SDP (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Pregnant women with GDM showed higher risk of macrosomic newborns than other three groups. Both pregnant women with GDM and hypothyroidism showed higher SDP than normal pregnancies.
Use of the modified myocardial performance index for evaluating fetal cardiac functions in pregestational diabetic pregnancy babies.; The aim of this study is assessment of importance of use of the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) for the evaluation of foetal cardiac function in foetuses of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PDM). In this study, data of 30 pregnant patients aged 18-45 years diagnosed with PDM and 30 pregnant women aged 18-45 years with normal pregnancy and their babies were evaluated. Foetal echocardiographic and doppler measurements, foetal biometric measurements, umbilical artery and ductus venosus pulsatility indexes were measured in both PDM and control groups. The Mod-MPI was significantly higher in foetuses of PDM women. Many influences especially cardiac and postpartum complications are observed in infants of PDM women. The Mod-MPI is a simple and useful method for assessing foetal ventricular function. Our study has shown that PDM is associated with foetal ventricular dysfunction.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Although MPI is frequently used in routine clinical assessment of neonates, it is not used adequately in foetuses. Many influences especially cardiac and postpartum complications are observed in infants of PDM women. However, there are few studies focussed specifically on the assessment of foetal cardiac function in PDM.What do the results of this study add? MPI, which shows both diastolic and systolic functions is independent of ventricular anatomy and foetal heart rate, was found significantly higher in diabetic mother foetuses, can be said to be a valuable parameter in evaluating foetal cardiac functions globally.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our study has shown that foetuses PDM are associated with foetal ventricular dysfunction. For this MPI measurement can be routinely performed at foetal cardiac measurements in foetuses of PDM mothers.
Characteristics of Stillbirths Associated With Diabetes in a Diverse U.S. Cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize stillbirths associated with pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a large, prospective, U.S. case-control study. METHODS: A secondary analysis of stillbirths among patients enrolled in a prospective; multisite; geographically, racially, and ethnically diverse case-control study in the United States was performed. Singleton gestations with complete information regarding diabetes status and with a complete postmortem evaluation were included. A standard evaluation protocol for stillbirth cases included postmortem evaluation, placental pathology, clinical testing as performed at the discretion of the health care professional, and a recommended panel of tests. A potential cause of death was assigned to stillbirth cases using a standardized classification tool. Demographic and delivery characteristics among women with pregestational diabetes and GDM were compared with characteristics of women with no diabetes in pairwise comparisons using χ or two-sample t tests as appropriate. Sensitivity analysis was performed excluding pregnancies with genetic conditions or major fetal malformations. RESULTS: Of 455 stillbirth cases included in the primary analysis, women with stillbirth and diabetes were more likely to be older than 35 years and have a higher body mass index. They were also more likely to have a gestational hypertensive disorder than women without diabetes (28% vs 9.1%; P<.001). Women with pregestational diabetes had more large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonates (26% vs 3.4%; P<.001). Stillbirths occurred more often at term in women with pregestational diabetes (36%) and those with GDM (52%). Maternal medical complications, including pregestational diabetes and others, were more often identified as a probable or possible cause of death among stillbirths with maternal diabetes (43% vs 4%, P<.001) as compared with stillbirths without diabetes. CONCLUSION: Compared with stillbirths in women with no diabetes, stillbirths among women with pregestational diabetes and GDM occur later in pregnancy and are associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, maternal medical complications, and LGA.
Could the E/A ratio be included in the cardiological evaluation of the offspring of diabetic mothers? A case-control study in South Sardinia.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disease widespread in the world. Sardinia represents, together with Finland, the region with the highest incidence of type 1 DM (DM1), as well as a high prevalence of gestational DM (GDM).Despite the improvement in obstetric surveillance, perinatal and long-term adverse outcomes are still frequent in the offspring of diabetic mothers.During gestations complicated by DM, fetal heart is one of the most affected organ potentially undergoing structural heart defects or several degrees of fetal myocardium hypertrophy and impaired cardiac function. AIM: The aim of our study was to evaluate, through echocardiographic examination, cardiac features and performance in a South Sardinian population of newborns of diabetic mothers comparing them to a group of control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: In our sample, the E/A ratio resulted a significant marker of early diastolic dysfunction in asymptomatic neonates born by diabetic mothers, even if such result should be confirmed on larger samples.
Epicardial adipose tissue thickness as a potential predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder that can occur during pregnancy and is associated with a long-term risk of both maternal and neonatal comorbidities. This study aimed to investigate the association between echocardiographic epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) and the risk for GDM during the early second trimester of pregnancy. METHOD: We recruited all singleton pregnancies between January 2014 and December 2018 at 16 weeks + 0 days to 19 weeks + 6 days. We then used generalized linear models to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for EAT as a potential predictor for GDM. Receiver-operating-characteristic (ROC) analysis was then conducted to investigate the discriminative capacity of any individual maternal factor for the prediction of GDM. RESULTS: In total, our study involved 314 pregnant women with GDM and 1832 pregnant women without GDM. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that EAT thickness (OR = 2.87; 95% CI: 2.49-3.31) was significantly associated with the presence of GDM (P < 0.001). Furthermore, EAT thickness was also significantly associated with a range of adverse outcomes in the GDM group, including large size for gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, preterm delivery, and hyperbilirubinemia (P < 0.001). ROC analysis revealed that the area under the curve was 0.790 (95% CI: 0.768-0.812). When the cutoff value for EAT thickness was set to 5.49 mm, the sensitivity was 95.2% and the specificity was 50.5%. CONCLUSIONS: Echocardiographic EAT thickness is positively and significantly associated with both the risk of GDM and adverse outcomes related to GDM. Echocardiographic EAT has the potential to predict GDM prior to actual clinical diagnosis.
Association between hyperglycemia in middle and late pregnancy and maternal-fetal outcomes: a retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: The purposes of this study were to explore whether the maternal-fetal outcomes differed among various types of hyperglycemia during pregnancy and whether the values of glycemic screening in the middle phase of pregnancy could predict maternal-fetal outcomes. METHODS: A retrospective study was conducted to study the incidence of maternal-fetal outcomes in 383 singleton pregnant women with diabetes or gestational diabetes admitted to our hospital from November 2007 to March 2013. Patients were divided into three groups: DM (Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes mellitus) group, mGDM (mild gestational diabetes mellitus) group and sGDM (severe gestational diabetes mellitus) group. Maternal basic characteristics, results of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), antenatal random glycemia and maternal-fetal outcomes were collected. Binary logistic regression was used to estimate the association of blood glucose with the maternal-fetal outcomes. Predictive accuracy was assessed by calculating the areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves. RESULTS: The maternal basic characteristics, maternal complications and neonatal complications did not differ significantly between DM group and sGDM group, except neonatal intensive care units admission (NICU). Incidences of preterm, NICU and preeclampsia were significantly lower in the mGDM group than in the DM and sGDM groups (P < 0.05). After adjusted by confounding factors, the value of OGTT 0 h could predict pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) (OR = 1.24, 95% CI [1.04 to 1.46], P = 0.015), preterm birth (OR = 1.23, 95% CI [1.03 to 1.47], P = 0.025) and stillbirth (OR = 1.55, 95% CI [1.14 to 2.10], P = 0.005); antenatal random glycemia could predict preterm birth (OR = 1.19, 95% CI [1.08 to 1.31], P < 0.001) and stillbirth (OR = 1.41, 95% CI [1.17 to 1.71], P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women in the mGDM group have better outcomes than those in the DM and sGDM groups. The values of OGTT in the middle phase of pregnancy and antenatal random glycemia could predict PIH, preterm birth or stillbirth to some extent.
Perinatal hyperinsulinism as possible predisposing factor for diabetes mellitus, obesity and enhanced cardiovascular risk in later life.; The importance of the intrauterine and neonatal metabolic environment as possible teratogenic determinants of predispositions to diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular diseases is discussed. Epidemiological, clinical and experimental results suggest that gestational diabetes or even slightly impaired glucose tolerance during pregnancy are important risk factors for the development of an increased Type II- and even Type I diabetes susceptibility in the offspring. In addition, early prenatal undernutrition might also predispose to enhanced risk of Type II diabetes, whereas perinatal overnutrition seems to enhance predominantly Type I diabetes susceptibility. In this context, fetal and/or neonatal hyperinsulinism occurring during a critical period of brain development and leading to permanent malorganization of hypothalamic regulation centres for metabolism and hence to malprogramming of the hypothalamo-pancreatic system, is discussed as a possible reason for lifelong enhanced diabetes susceptibility. In view of epidemiological and experimental findings, an epigenetic maternofetal transmission of such acquired persistent modifications can run over several generations, mediated by gestational hyperglycaemia and fetal or neonatal hyperinsulinism. In conclusion, a partial prophylaxis of diabetes mellitus, obesity and cardiovascular diseases appears to be possible by prevention of gestational diabetes--even mild forms of impaired glucose tolerance during pregnancy--as well as early prenatal undernutrition and perinatal overnutrition.
Translational research and behavioral sciences in developmental medicine: metabolic conditions of pregnancy versus autism spectrum disorders.; Recently, scientific literature informed that metabolic conditions in pregnant women may be associated with increased risk for autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders in their offspring. In a cohort study of more than 1000 children between the ages of 2 and 5 years, those who had mothers classified as having "metabolic conditions" (which included diabetes, hypertension, and obesity) during pregnancy were at a significantly higher risk for developing an autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and neurodevelopmental delays. In addition, mothers with obesity were 1.6 times more likely to have a child with ASD and more than twice as likely to have a child with other developmental problems. In the United States, the prevalence of obesity among women of childbearing age is 34%. Moreover, with obesity rates rising steadily, these results appear to raise serious public health implications. The main objective of this Editorial is to propagate the health care improvement based on the translation research approach from basic behavioral sciences and relevant integrative neuroscience to pressing clinical issues that include an understanding of the etiology and assessment of disorders, and the assessment of functioning and development of innovative and culturally appropriate preventive treatment. Behavioral interventions for weight management in pregnancy may include the Transtheoretical Model (TTM) employed in obese pregnant women and then, the comparison with elements of the ecological model. A comparative effectiveness design is to test the effect of tailoring while including one of the most important predictors of screening-physician recommendation: after careful selection of analyzed behaviors from the TTM approach. However, there is also a risk that the evidence may not be conclusive for sustained weigh loss as a primary outcome of the proposed intervention, although the TTM in combination of physical activity and diet tended to produce significant results. Therefore, physicians might use the TTM to convince pregnant women to regulate weight and educate future parents on how to deal with autism at an early age of their children using watchful waiting management.
Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus. Use and accuracy of capillary blood glucose measured with a reflectance meter.; Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus by a 1-hour glucose challenge test is recommended for all pregnant women between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. Measurement of capillary blood glucose with a reflectance meter is well known and considered to be accurate, reliable, less costly, and more convenient than the laboratory test of plasma glucose. One hundred eighty-one pregnant women were tested with both a 1-hour glucose challenge test by capillary blood glucose and a 3-hour glucose tolerance test by venous plasma glucose. The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus was made by the standard criteria on the 3-hour glucose tolerance test. The receiver operating characteristic curve was used to determine the optimum threshold value. There were seven cases of gestational diabetes mellitus detected during this study period, producing an incidence of 3.9%. The threshold value for the 1-hour glucose challenge test by capillary blood glucose was 9.0 mmol/L (163 mg/dL); the test has a sensitivity, specificity, predictive value, and likelihood ratio of 0.857, 0.868, 0.207, and 6.48, respectively. This test was at least as accurate as a 1-hour glucose challenge test by venous plasma glucose. Given its advantages, such as lower cost, simplicity, better patient acceptance, and immediate availability of the result, capillary blood glucose testing should be considered for screening of gestational diabetes mellitus in the office setting.
Evaluation of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in women with gestational diabetes.; We aimed to evaluate the predictors of subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous GDM. Two hundred fifty-two consecutive women with GDM were enrolled. After exclusion of women who did not attend to the hospital for follow-up visits for minimum 1 year, data of 195 patients were evaluated. Seventy-one lean women with negative screening for GDM were included as a control group. The prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose and metabolic syndrome was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than healthy controls. Women with previous GDM were more insulin resistant, had an atherogenic lipid profile and increased carotid IMT. The most important predictors of postpartum diabetes were the need for insulin treatment during index pregnancy and glucose values on antepartum OGTT. Among women with previous GDM, the development of postpartum diabetes and metabolic syndrome was associated with increased carotid IMT. Our data show that women with previous GDM are at high risk for developing carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis. Antepartum prediction of high risk subjects for the subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and metabolic syndrome seems to be vital to prevent cardiovascular outcomes.
Analysis of maternal and fetal cardiovascular systems during hyperglycemic pregnancy in the nonobese diabetic mouse.; Preconception or gestationally induced diabetes increases morbidities and elevates long-term cardiovascular disease risks in women and their children. Spontaneously hyperglycemic (d)-NOD/ShiLtJ female mice, a type 1 diabetes model, develop bradycardia and hypotension after midpregnancy compared with normoglycemic, age- and gestational day (GD)-matched control (c-NOD) females. We hypothesized that onset of the placental circulation at GD 9-10 and rapid fetal growth from GD 14 correlate with aberrant hemodynamic outcomes in d-NOD females. To develop further gestational time-course correlations between maternal cardiac and renal parameters, high-frequency ultrasonography was applied to d- and c-NOD mice (virgin and at GD 8-16). Cardiac output and left ventricular (LV) mass increased in c-NOD but not in d-NOD mice. Ultrasound and postmortem histopathology showed overall greater LV dilation in d-NOD than in c-NOD mice at mid to late gestation. These changes suggest blunted remodeling and altered functional adaptation of d-NOD hearts. Umbilical cord ultrasounds revealed lower fetal heart rates from GD 12 and lower umbilical flow velocities at GD 14 and GD 16 in d-NOD versus c-NOD pregnancies. From GD 14 to GD 16, d-NOD fetal losses exceeded c-NOD fetal losses. Similar aberrant responses in pregnancies of women with diabetes may elevate postpartum maternal and child cardiovascular risk, particularly if mothers lack adequate prenatal care or have poor glycemic control during gestation.
Maternal High Fat Diet and Diabetes Disrupts Transcriptomic Pathways That Regulate Cardiac Metabolism and Cell Fate in Newborn Rat Hearts.; Background: Children born to diabetic or obese mothers have a higher risk of heart disease at birth and later in life. Using chromatin immunoprecipitation sequencing, we previously demonstrated that late-gestation diabetes, maternal high fat (HF) diet, and the combination causes distinct fuel-mediated epigenetic reprogramming of rat cardiac tissue during fetal cardiogenesis. The objective of the present study was to investigate the overall transcriptional signature of newborn offspring exposed to maternal diabetes and maternal H diet. Methods: Microarray gene expression profiling of hearts from diabetes exposed, HF diet exposed, and combination exposed newborn rats was compared to controls. Functional annotation, pathway and network analysis of differentially expressed genes were performed in combination exposed and control newborn rat hearts. Further downstream metabolic assessments included measurement of total and phosphorylated AKT2 and GSK3β, as well as quantification of glycolytic capacity by extracellular flux analysis and glycogen staining. Results: Transcriptional analysis identified significant fuel-mediated changes in offspring cardiac gene expression. Specifically, functional pathways analysis identified two key signaling cascades that were functionally prioritized in combination exposed offspring hearts: (1) downregulation of fibroblast growth factor (FGF) activated PI3K/AKT pathway and (2) upregulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator alpha (PGC1α) mitochondrial biogenesis signaling. Functional metabolic and histochemical assays supported these transcriptome changes, corroborating diabetes- and diet-induced cardiac transcriptome remodeling and cardiac metabolism in offspring. Conclusion: This study provides the first data accounting for the compounding effects of maternal hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia on the developmental cardiac transcriptome, and elucidates nuanced and novel features of maternal diabetes and diet on regulation of heart health.
Knowledge and care regarding long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are substantial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Identifying these high-risk female individuals during pregnancy offers the possibility of preventing long-term CVD and chronic kidney disease via a structured therapeutic and surveillance plan. We aimed to evaluate the current practice of postpartum care in women after APO and the impact on the women's awareness about their future risk for CVD. METHODS: Women diagnosed with PE and GDM at the University Hospital of St. Poelten/Lilienfeld between 2015-2020 were identified and participated in a structured telephone interview about postpartum medical care and knowledge about the impact of APOs on long-term cardiovascular health. RESULTS: Of 161 out of the 750 women contacted, 29% (n = 46) were diagnosed with PE and 71% (n = 115) with GDM. One third of all women and up to 44% of women diagnosed with PE, were unaware that APOs are related to CVD. Women diagnosed with PE were less likely to receive postpartum care information than those with GDM (30.4% vs. 49.6%, p = 0.027), and only one third of all women after APOs were counselled by a physician or healthcare professional. Of the women 50% received recommendations regarding lifestyle changes after delivery; significantly more women with GDM than women with PE (54% vs. 37%, p = 0.05). Only 14% had at least one long-term follow-up. CONCLUSION: This study identified a significant deficit of structured postpartum care and a lack of awareness among women after APO and their healthcare providers about the increased risk of long-term CVD.
Suboptimal Nocturnal Glucose Control Is Associated With Large for Gestational Age in Treated Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) provides far greater detail about fetal exposure to maternal glucose across the 24-h day. Our aim was to examine the role of temporal glucose variation on the development of large for gestational age (LGA) infants in women with treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We performed a prospective observational study of 162 pregnant women with GDM in specialist multidisciplinary antenatal diabetes clinics. Participants undertook 7-day masked CGM at 30-32 weeks' gestation. Standard summary indices and glycemic variability measures of CGM were calculated. Functional data analysis was applied to determine differences in temporal glucose profiles. LGA was defined as birth weight ≥90th percentile adjusted for infant sex, gestational age, maternal BMI, ethnicity, and parity. RESULTS: Mean glucose was significantly higher in women who delivered an LGA infant (6.2 vs. 5.8 mmol/L, P = 0.025, or 111.6 mg/dL vs. 104.4 mg/dL). There were no significant differences in percentage time in, above, or below the target glucose range or in glucose variability measures (all P > 0.05). Functional data analysis revealed that the higher mean glucose was driven by a significantly higher glucose for 6 h overnight (0030-0630 h) in mothers of LGA infants (6.0 ± 1.0 mmol/L vs. 5.5 ± 0.8 mmol/L, P = 0.005, and 108.0 ± 18.0 mg/dL vs. 99.0 ± 14.4 mg/dL). CONCLUSIONS: Mothers of LGA infants run significantly higher glucose overnight compared with mothers without LGA infants. Detecting and addressing nocturnal glucose control may help to further reduce rates of LGA in women with GDM.
Retinoic acid attenuates cardiac injury induced by hyperglycemia in pre- and post-delivery mice.; The aim of the present study is to explore the effect of retinoic acid (RA) on cardiac injury induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM mice were given 3 mg/kg RA once daily until the 19th day of pregnancy or the 7th day of post-partum. Compared to normal control and normal pregnant control mice, GDM mice before and after delivery showed significantly cardiac injury. RA treatment attenuated cardiac injury as evidenced by decreased heart mass and left ventricular mass, mRNA expressions of ANP and BNP, and cardiac fibrosis compared with that in GDM mice. The protective effect of RA on GDM cardiomyopathy was related to the decreased MDA content and ROS generation, the increased GSH-Px and SOD content as well as the reduced TNF-α and IL-1β content and inhibition of NF-κB signaling. In addition, RA treatment delayed the continuous rise of blood glucose before delivery and decreased the higher level of glucose after delivery. In conclusion, RA treatment could increase the activity of the antioxidant enzyme and suppress the oxidative stress, inflammation response, and activation of NF-κB signaling, thereby improving blood glucose level and cardiac injury of GDM mice before and after delivery.
Heart rate variability in neonates of type 1 diabetic pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Cardiomyopathy is a common finding in offspring of pre-gestational type 1 diabetic pregnancy. Echocardiographic and biochemical evidence of fetal cardiac dysfunction have also been reported. Studies suggest that offspring of diabetic mothers (ODM) undergo a fetal programming effect due to the hyperglycaemic intrauterine milieu which increases their risk of cardiovascular morbidity in adult life. Decreased neonatal heart rate variability (HRV) has been described in association with in-utero growth restriction, prematurity, sudden infant death syndrome and congenital heart disease. The effect of in-utero exposure to hyperglycaemia in diabetic pregnancy on neonatal HRV is unknown. AIMS: Our aim was to determine if neonatal HRV differs between normal and diabetic pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: This was a prospective observational study of 38 patients with pregestational type 1 diabetes and 26 controls. HRV assessment was performed using Powerlab (ADI Instruments Ltd). OUTCOME MEASURES: Heart rate variability assessment and cord blood sampling for pH and glucose were performed for all neonates. Maternal glycaemic control was assessed via measurement of glycosylated haemoglobin in each trimester in the diabetic cohort. RESULTS: Neonates of diabetic mothers had evidence of altered heart rate variability, with increased low frequency to high frequency ratio (LF: HF), suggestive of a shift towards sympathetic predominance (p<0.05). This altered HRV was significantly related to fetal acidaemia, cord blood glucose values and maternal glycaemic control during pregnancy (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: Neonates of pregestational diabetic pregnancy have altered HRV which is related to maternal hyperglycaemia, fetal acidaemia and fetal glycaemia. Exposure of the developing heart to fluctuations in maternal glycaemia with subsequent alterations in HRV may explain why infants of diabetic mothers are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease in later life.
Fetal growth trajectory in type 1 pregestational diabetes (PGDM) - an ultrasound study.; OBJECTIVES: Growth disorders are frequent in diabetic pregnancies. However, they are difficult to predict and capture early during pregnancy. These newborns are at risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. While developing, fetal growth abnormalities are typically progressive. Therefore, capturing the earliest moment when they emerge is essential to guide subsequent obstetric management. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We aimed to analyze fetal ultrasound growth trajectories in type 1 diabetics. Moreover, we aimed to establish time points when first ultrasound manifestations of fetal growth abnormalities appear and to identify factors that affect fetal growth in women with diabetes. We collected clinical and ultrasound data from 200 patients with PGDM managed in the third-referential centre for diabetes in pregnancy. During every visit, patients underwent an ultrasound examination according to a standard protocol giving 1072 ultrasound scan's records. Every ultrasound consisted of fetal weight estimation, according to the Hadlock 3 formula. Retrospectively patients were divided into three groups depending on neonatal weight. In the group of 200 patients, 60 (30%) delivered LGA and 9 (4.5%) SGA newborns. RESULTS: Fetal growth trajectories show different patterns among fetuses with growth abnormalities in women with type 1 diabetes. The moment, when fetal growth curves diverge, seems to take place in the second trimester, just after the 23rd week of gestation. CONCLUSIONS: It suggests that fetal growth abnormalities in type 1 diabetes may have its roots much earlier than expected. In the first trimester, there were differences in LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglyceride levels and in insulin requirements between AGA, SGA and LGA subgroups.
Macrosomia is a risk factor for incident maternal chronic kidney disease.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and macrosomia are associated with several adverse outcomes including diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases, however, the relationship between GDM/macrosomia with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a matter of debate. The purpose of this study was to examine the association between the history of macrosomia with or without GDM and incident maternal CKD. METHODS: The study population includes 2669 women aged 18-50 years without known diabetes mellitus and CKD from participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. The study population was categorized into 3 groups; group 1: GDM/macrosomia and without diabetes mellitus (n = 204), group 2: newly diagnosed incident diabetes mellitus (NDM) in the presence or abcence of GDM/Macrosomia (n = 113), and, group 3: the reference group including women without prior history of GDM/macrosomia and free of NDM (n = 2352). CKD was defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 ml/min/1.73 m(2). Multivariable Cox proportional hazard regression adjusted for baseline values of age, body mass index, waist circumference, parity numbers, smoking, educational level, gestational hypertension, eGFR, systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP and DBP, respectively), anti-hypertensive medication, and family history of diabetes mellitus was applied for data analyses. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 11.9 years, 613 incident CKD cases were identified. The multivariable hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) on GDM/macrosomia group was [1.32 (1.02-1.72)]; the risk was more prominent among non-hypertensive women [1.41 (1.07-1.85); P for interaction: 0.046]. Moreover, the history of macrosomia alone also showed a significant risk [1.36 (1.04-1.78)]; however, history of GDM alone did not have a significant risk [0.92 (0.34-2.46)]. Age, current smoking, eGFR, and SBP remained as independent risk factors for incident CKD. CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM/macrosomia or macrosomia alone, independent of subsequent diabetes mellitus was associated with significant risk for incident maternal CKD. Pregnancy may provide a unique situation to identify high-risk women at risk for CKD that could benefit from regular monitoring of kidney function and providing risk modifying strategies.
Umbilical artery velocimetry in insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) pregnancies.; Seven hundred and sixty seven Doppler umbilical artery velocity waveform analyses were performed in 108 pregnant insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) women. No significant correlation between mean third trimester systolic to diastolic (S/D) ratio and either mean blood glucose (r = 0.19) or glycosylated hemoglobin levels (r = 0.28) was found. Mean second and third trimester S/D ratios differed significantly in patients with or without vascular disease (P less than 0.05). Furthermore, women without vasculopathy who demonstrated an elevated S/D developed preeclampsia and delivered appropriate for gestational age infants while patients with vascular disease or chronic hypertension and elevated third trimester S/D (greater than 3) delivered intra uterine growth retarded (IUGR) infants. Moreover, in most of the latter group elevated S/D ratios were recorded in the second trimester prior to ultrasound documentation of IUGR. Our data suggest that in the absence of vasculopathy normal fetal placental resistance can be expected in most pregnancies complicated by diabetes. Patients with vasculopathy are at higher risk for fetal IUGR, which may be identified by early umbilical artery velocimetry.
GSK3β and MCL-1 mediate cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. Our previous results indicated that a decrease in myocardial cells and an increase in apoptotic cells leads to heart defects under hyperglycemia, but much work remains to elucidate this important mechanism of myocardial cell apoptosis induced by high glucose (HG). In this study, we found that a decrease in GSK3β phosphorylation on Ser9 occurred concomitantly with HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. Decreases in GSK3β (Ser9) phosphorylation in response to HG were remarkably restored after treatment with SC79, an activator of the Akt signaling pathway. SB216763, an effective inhibitor of the GSK3β signaling pathway, suppressed HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Further studies showed a decrease in the expression of the anti-apoptotic protein MCL-1 was associated with GSK3β-mediated apoptosis. MCL-1 overexpression partly inhibits HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Herein, this study revealed the roles of GSK3β and MCL-1 in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced abnormalities.
Maternal Diabetes Mellitus as a Risk Factor for High Blood Pressure in Late Childhood.; Intrauterine fetal conditions can have lifelong cardiovascular effects. The impact of maternal diabetes mellitus on children's cardiovascular profile is not well established. The goal of this study was to explore the association between maternal diabetes mellitus and offspring's blood pressure (BP) ≤10 years of age. Generation XXI is a prospective birth cohort, which enrolled 8301 mother-offspring pairs, including 586 (7.1%) children of diabetic mothers. The associations between maternal diabetes mellitus and BP at 4, 7, and 10 years of age was modeled using linear regression. A mixed-effects model was built to assess differences in BP variation over time. Path analysis was used to quantify effects of potential mediators. Maternal diabetes mellitus was associated with higher BP in offspring at the age of 10 (systolic: β, 1.48; 95% CI, 0.36-2.59; and diastolic: β, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.05-1.71). This association was independent of maternal perinatal characteristics, and it was mediated by child's body mass index and, to a lesser extent, by gestational age, type of birth, and birth weight (indirect effect proportion, 73%). No significant differences in BP were found at 4 and 7 years of age. Longitudinal analysis showed an accelerated systolic BP increase on maternal diabetes mellitus group (β, 1.16; 95% CI, 0.03-2.28). These finding were especially relevant in males, suggesting sex differences in the mechanisms of BP prenatal programing. Our results provide further evidence that maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with high BP late in childhood, demonstrating a significant role of child's body mass in the pathway of this association.
Reprogramming of the developing heart by Hif1a-deficient sympathetic system and maternal diabetes exposure.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal diabetes is a recognized risk factor for both short-term and long-term complications in offspring. Beyond the direct teratogenicity of maternal diabetes, the intrauterine environment can influence the offspring's cardiovascular health. Abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system are implicated in conditions such as sudden infant death syndrome, cardiac arrhythmic death, heart failure, and certain congenital heart defects in children from diabetic pregnancies. However, the mechanisms by which maternal diabetes affects the development of the cardiac sympathetic system and, consequently, heightens health risks and predisposes to cardiovascular disease remain poorly understood. METHODS AND RESULTS: In the mouse model, we performed a comprehensive analysis of the combined impact of a Hif1a-deficient sympathetic system and the maternal diabetes environment on both heart development and the formation of the cardiac sympathetic system. The synergic negative effect of exposure to maternal diabetes and Hif1a deficiency resulted in the most pronounced deficit in cardiac sympathetic innervation and the development of the adrenal medulla. Abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system were accompanied by a smaller heart, reduced ventricular wall thickness, and dilated subepicardial veins and coronary arteries in the myocardium, along with anomalies in the branching and connections of the main coronary arteries. Transcriptional profiling by RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) revealed significant transcriptome changes in Hif1a-deficient sympathetic neurons, primarily associated with cell cycle regulation, proliferation, and mitosis, explaining the shrinkage of the sympathetic neuron population. DISCUSSION: Our data demonstrate that a failure to adequately activate the HIF-1α regulatory pathway, particularly in the context of maternal diabetes, may contribute to abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system. In conclusion, our findings indicate that the interplay between deficiencies in the cardiac sympathetic system and subtle structural alternations in the vasculature, microvasculature, and myocardium during heart development not only increases the risk of cardiovascular disease but also diminishes the adaptability to the stress associated with the transition to extrauterine life, thus increasing the risk of neonatal death.
Substantially Altered Expression Profile of Diabetes/Cardiovascular/Cerebrovascular Disease Associated microRNAs in Children Descending from Pregnancy Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-One of Several Possible Reasons for an Increased Cardiovascular Risk.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one of the major pregnancy-related complications, characterized as a transitory form of diabetes induced by insulin resistance accompanied by a low/absent pancreatic beta-cell compensatory adaptation to the increased insulin demand, causes the acute, long-term, and transgenerational health complications. The aim of the study was to assess if alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases are present in whole peripheral blood of children aged 3-11 years descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. A substantially altered microRNA expression profile was found in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. Almost all microRNAs with the exception of miR-92a-3p, miR-155-5p, and miR-210-3p were upregulated. The microRNA expression profile also differed between children after normal and GDM complicated pregnancies in relation to the presence of overweight/obesity, prehypertension/hypertension, and/or valve problems and heart defects. Always, screening based on the combination of microRNAs was superior over using individual microRNAs, since at 10.0% false positive rate it was able to identify a large proportion of children with an aberrant microRNA expression profile (88.14% regardless of clinical findings, 75.41% with normal clinical findings, and 96.49% with abnormal clinical findings). In addition, the higher incidence of valve problems and heart defects was found in children with a prior exposure to GDM. The extensive file of predicted targets of all microRNAs aberrantly expressed in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies indicates that a large group of these genes is involved in ontologies of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In general, children with a prior exposure to GDM are at higher risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases, and would benefit from dispensarisation as well as implementation of primary prevention strategies.
[Diabetes and diet revisited].; In the treatment of diabetes the diet has an important role complementary to the pharmaceutical treatment. The diet must provide the right amount of nutrients and calories in order for the individual to reach and maintain the ideal weight, stabilize the blood glucose levels close to the norm, and attain an optimal lipid profile. The daily caloric intake is represented by 55-60% of carbohydrates with a preference for nutrients rich in fiber and with a low blood glucose index. Of the daily caloric intake 10% may include sucrose as long as it is consumed in the context of a balanced meal. A moderate use of fructose is allowed, and an increased intake of fiber is encouraged. The consumption of proteins represents about 10-15% of the daily caloric intake. A consumption close to the lower limits of the range (about 0,8 gr/kg of body weight) is required for diabetes patients with nephropathy, while a daily intake of 0,6 gr/kg of body weight is considered to be the malnutrition risk factor for lower levels. The total intake of fats required is < or = 30%, of which saturated fatty acids are less than 8-10% (with a further restriction to 7-8% for individuals with LDL cholesterol of > or = 100mg/dl and other cardiovascular risk factors), the polyunsaturated fatty acids less than 10%, and the monounsaturated fatty acids at 10-15% of the total caloric intake. The intake of cholesterol through the diet should be <300 mg/die and still lower (< 200 mg/die) for individuals with high levels of LDL cholesterol. Multivitamin supplements are recommended only for certain categories of diabetic patients that may be at risk of micronutrient deficiency. A moderate quantity of alcohol (5-15 gr/die) is allowed in the case of stabilized diabetes and lack of hypertrigliceridemia. Although the diet may determine a ponderal decrease of up to 10% of the initial weight, it is good to insert a correct nutritional program into a well defined behavioral program that, other than a reduced caloric intake, takes into consideration an increased energetic expenditure through physical activity.
Very tight vs. tight control: what should be the criteria for pharmacologic therapy dose adjustment in diabetes in pregnancy? Evidence from randomized controlled trials.; INTRODUCTION: There is inconclusive evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to support any specific criteria for pharmacologic therapy dose adjustment in diabetes in pregnancy. Our objective was to analyze the criteria for dose adjustment of pharmacologic treatment for diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Data sources: MEDLINE, OVID and Cochrane Library were searched from their inception to September 2017. Selection criteria included all trials of DM in pregnancy managed by oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin reporting criteria for pharmacologic therapy dose adjustment. RCTs in women with pregestational DM and gestational DM (GDM) were included. For each trial, data regarding glucose values used for pharmacologic therapy dose adjustment were extracted and carefully reviewed. RESULTS: Of 51 RCTs on therapy for GDM or pregestational DM, 17 (4230 women) were included as they reported criteria for pharmacologic therapy dose adjustment. Most of them (88%, 15/17) included women with GDM only. For RCTs including women with GDM, 12/16 (75%) used the two-step approach, three (19%) the one-step approach and one (6%) either the one- or two-step approach. Regarding the type of initial therapy, 13 (77%) RCTs used different types and doses of insulin; nine (53%) used metformin; five (30%) used glyburide; and one (6%) used placebo. In most RCTs, glucose monitoring was assessed four times daily, i.e. fasting (all RCTs) and two hours (15 RCTs, 88%) after each of the three main meals - breakfast, lunch, and dinner. For fasting glucose target, all used a value <105 mg/dL; nine (53%) used 95 mg/dL as target. Of the 15 RCTs using a two-hour postprandial value as target, 11 (73%) had 120 mg/dL as cutoff. Regarding the criteria for pharmacologic therapy dose adjustment, we found six different criteria. The majority of RCTs (9/17, 53%) used either one or two values per week higher than the target values, of which two-thirds used only one value (35% of total), and one-third (18% of total) two values. Five RCTs (29%) used >50%, one (6%) >30%, and one (6%) >20% of the values higher than the target value; one (6%) used the appearance of glycosuria. CONCLUSIONS: When evaluating RCTs which included criteria for pharmacologic GDM therapy dose adjustment, the most common criterion for diagnosis was the two-step test, and the most common used therapies were insulin and metformin. Regarding glucose monitoring, the most common frequency was four times per day, fasting and two hours after each main meal, using as target glucose values 95 and 120 mg/dL, respectively. Importantly, we found six different criteria for pharmacologic GDM therapy dose adjustment, with the majority using very tight criteria of either one or two values per week higher than the target values, of which two-thirds used only one value, and one-third used two values.
[A brief of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis].; Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders that may cause pathological pregnancy. Treating diabetes recognized during pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, delivery with cesarean sections, high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, after delivery they present higher risk of developing neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and respiratory distress syndrome. There is still no consensus in the recommendations for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus by expert committees. Orv. Hetil., 2017, 158(8), 283-290.
Mitochondrial Transfer Improves Cardiomyocyte Bioenergetics and Viability in Male Rats Exposed to Pregestational Diabetes.; Offspring born to diabetic or obese mothers have a higher lifetime risk of heart disease. Previously, we found that rat offspring exposed to late-gestational diabetes mellitus (LGDM) and maternal high-fat (HF) diet develop mitochondrial dysfunction, impaired cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, and cardiac dysfunction at birth and again during aging. Here, we compared echocardiography, cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, oxidative damage, and mitochondria-mediated cell death among control, pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM)-exposed, HF-diet-exposed, and combination-exposed newborn offspring. We hypothesized that PGDM exposure, similar to LGDM, causes mitochondrial dysfunction to play a central, pathogenic role in neonatal cardiomyopathy. We found that PGDM-exposed offspring, similar to LGDM-exposed offspring, have cardiac dysfunction at birth, but their isolated cardiomyocytes have seemingly less bioenergetics impairment. This finding was due to confounding by impaired viability related to poorer ATP generation, more lipid peroxidation, and faster apoptosis under metabolic stress. To mechanistically isolate and test the role of mitochondria, we transferred mitochondria from normal rat myocardium to control and exposed neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. As expected, transfer provides a respiratory boost to cardiomyocytes from all groups. They also reduce apoptosis in PGDM-exposed males, but not in females. Findings highlight sex-specific differences in mitochondria-mediated mechanisms of developmentally programmed heart disease and underscore potential caveats of therapeutic mitochondrial transfer.
Gestational weight gain as an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are rising worldwide. This study retrospectively evaluated the role of excessive gestational weight gain (eGWG) in women with GDM and different pre-pregnancy body mass indices (BMIs). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Optimal glycaemic control was defined as achieving glucose target thresholds in more than 80% of measurements. 283 women with GDM were categorized as underweight, normal weight, overweight or obese based on WHO's classification scheme. eGWG was defined as >18.0 kilograms for women who were underweight, >15.8 kilograms for those who were normal weight, >11.3 kilograms for those who were overweight and >9.0 kilograms for those who were obese. For the analysis, women were divided into two groups: normal and excessive GWG. The main outcomes measured were incidences of large/small for gestational age (LGA/SGA), macrosomia, preterm delivery, hypertensive disorders and caesarean sections (CS). RESULTS: Excessive GWG was associated with higher birth weight and percentile (p<0.001), and with a higher prevalence of LGA (p<0.001), macrosomia (p=0.002) and hypertensive disorders (p=0.036). No statistical differences were found for the week of delivery, or prevalence of CS and SGA. The multivariate analysis highlighted both pre-pregnant BMI and eGWG as independent risk factors for LGA and macrosomia. Women with a pre-pregnant BMI of at least 25 and eGWG have a 5.43-fold greater risk of developing LGA (p=0.005). CONCLUSIONS: When combined with an inadequate pre-pregnant BMI, eGWG acts as a "synergic risk factor" for a poor outcome. When obesity or GDM occur, an optimal GWG can guarantee a better pregnancy outcome.
Is abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy related to endothelial dysfunction?; OBJECTIVE: Endothelial dysfunction is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular events. We aimed to investigate the relationship between endothelial dysfunction and gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance. METHODS: Pregnant women who had impaired glucose metabolism in the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and their age- and body mass index-matched controls were included in the study and assessed for flow-mediated vasodilatation to evaluate endothelial dysfunction. RESULTS: A total of 51 patients participated in the study. There were 20 patients in the control group, 13 in the impaired glucose tolerance group and 18 in the gestational diabetes mellitus group. Flow-mediated vasodilatation measured at the 60th and 120th seconds were significantly lower in the impaired glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes mellitus groups than in the control group (8.5 ± 5.7 and 8.9 ± 6.5 versus 14.9 ± 9.0, p=0.022 and 6.2 ± 6.7 and 5.2 ± 5.0 versus 12.0 ± 8.3, p=0.011, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance have impaired endothelial dysfunction. Delivery might have protective effects on endothelial functions. The significance of impaired endothelial dysfunction for pregnant women must be investigated, and if needed, lifestyle changes might be suggested, according to the determined importance of the endothelial dysfunction.
Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Mothers with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Based on Postpartal Expression Profile of MicroRNAs Associated with Diabetes Mellitus and Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular Diseases.; Mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing diabetes in the future and a lifelong cardiovascular risk. Postpartal expression profile of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated microRNAs was assessed 3-11 years after the delivery in whole peripheral blood of young and middle-aged mothers with a prior exposure to GDM with the aim to identify a high-risk group of mothers at risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases who would benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies and long-term follow-up. The hypothesis of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in women was based on the knowledge that a series of microRNAs play a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. Abnormal expression profile of multiple microRNAs was found in women with a prior exposure to GDM (miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, miR-342-3p, miR-499a-5p, and-miR-574-3p). Postpartal combined screening of miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-103a-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p showed the highest accuracy for the identification of mothers with a prior exposure to GDM at a higher risk of later development of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases (AUC 0.900, p 0.001, sensitivity 77.48%, specificity 93.26%, cut off >0.611270413). It was able to identify 77.48% mothers with an increased cardiovascular risk at 10.0% FPR. Any of changes in epigenome (upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-29a-3p, and miR-195-5p) that were induced by GDM-complicated pregnancy are long-acting and may predispose mothers affected with GDM to later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In addition, novel epigenetic changes (upregulation of serious of microRNAs) appeared in a proportion of women that were exposed to GDM throughout the postpartal life. Likewise, a previous occurrence of either GH, PE, and/or FGR, as well as a previous occurrence of GDM, is associated with the upregulation of miR-1-3p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p. On the other hand, upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-342-3p, and miR-574-3p represents a unique feature of aberrant expression profile of women with a prior exposure to GDM. Screening of particular microRNAs may stratify a high-risk group of mothers with a history of GDM who might benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery.; Although pregnancy events predict the long-term risk of chronic disease, little is known about their short-term impact because of the rarity of clinical events. We examined hospital discharge diagnoses linked to birth certificate data in the year following delivery for 849,639 births during 1995-2004 in New York City, New York. Adjusted odds ratios characterized the relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent hospitalization for cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes. Gestational hypertension was related to heart failure (adjusted odds ratio = 2.6, 95% confidence interval: 1.5, 4.5). Preeclampsia was related to all of the outcomes considered except type 1 diabetes, with adjusted odds ratios ranging from 2.0 to 4.1. Gestational diabetes was strongly related to the risk of subsequent diabetes (for type 1 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 40.4, 95% confidence interval: 23.8, 68.5; for type 2 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 22.6, 95% confidence interval: 16.9, 30.4) but to no other outcomes. The relationship of pregnancy complications to future chronic disease is apparent as early as the year following delivery. Moreover, elucidating short-term clinical outcomes offers the potential for etiological insights into the relationship between pregnancy events and chronic disease over the life course.
The impaired myocardial ischemic tolerance in adult offspring of diabetic pregnancy is restored by maternal melatonin treatment.; Diabetic pregnancy, with ever increasing prevalence, adversely affects embryogenesis and increases vasculometabolic disorder risks in adult offspring. However, it remains poorly understood whether maternal diabetes increases the offspring's susceptibility to heart injuries in adulthood. In this study, we observed that cardiac function and structure were comparable between adult offspring born to diabetic mice and their counterparts born to nondiabetic mice at baseline. However, in response to myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (MIR), diabetic mother offspring exhibited augmented infarct size, cardiac dysfunction, and myocardial apoptosis compared with control, in association with exaggerated activation of mitochondria- and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated apoptosis pathways and oxidative stress. Molecular analysis showed that the impaired myocardial ischemic tolerance in diabetic mother offspring was mainly attributable to blunted cardiac insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1/Akt signaling. Furthermore, the effect of maternal melatonin administration on offspring's response to MIR was determined, and the results indicated that melatonin treatment in diabetic dams during pregnancy significantly improved the tolerance to MIR injury in their offspring, via restoring cardiac IRS-1/Akt signaling. Taken together, these data suggest that maternal diabetes predisposes offspring to augmented MIR injury in adulthood, and maternal melatonin supplementation during diabetic pregnancy may hold promise for improving myocardial ischemic tolerance in the offspring.
[Gestational diabetes--perinatal hyperinsulinism and postnatal developmental disorders].; The impaired glucose tolerance in pregnancy (IGT) represents an important fact in aetiopathogenesis of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM) as well as obesitas and cardiovascular diseases in context with fetal hyperinsulinism. Prospective studies of diabetic mothers newborns are difficult by reason of health controls in different outpatient departments. The aim of this review is to claim a general glucose screening in pregnancy looking on the development of newborns in later life. In present preventive prospects were not used to decrease the morbidity in diabetes, obesitas and cardiovascular diseases without gestational diabetes screening in pregnancy. The neonatal onset and late morbidity is dependent on the quality of maternal glycemia in pregnancy measured by means of glycosylated hemoglobin and insulin the amniotic fluid.
New perspectives on the role of magnesium in the pathophysiology of the cardiovascular system. I. Clinical aspects.; Until relatively recently, it was generally believed that hypomagnesemia was a rare entity in clinical practice. It is clear, however, from newer studies that the overall incidence of hypomagnesemia in hospitalized patients can range from 7 to 52%. The greatest association of hypomagnesemia in hospitalized patients appears to be in hypokalemic states and in patients confined to intensive care units. Most of these patients demonstrate cardiovascular abnormalities, ranging from cardiac arrhythmias and atrial fibrillation to hypertension. On the basis of primarily epidemiologic and experimental findings, it has been suggested that there may be a strong association between the dietary intake of Mg (and errors in the Mg metabolism and distribution of Mg in the body), the concentration of this element in the myocardium and blood vessels, and the risk for development of cardiac arrhythmias, sudden death ischemic heart disease, hypertension, transient ischemic attacks, strokes and pre-eclampsia-eclampsia. During the past 5-6 years, a considerable amount of new, quantitative clinical evidence has been found which lends considerable support to these tenets. Clinical trials utilizing Mg as a therapeutic tool to treat refractory arrhythmias, digitalis toxicity-associated arrhythmias, myocardial infarctions, diabetic angiopathy, transient ischemic attacks, cerebral resuscitation, hypertension and 'classical' migraine are under way, and to an extent have been successful. Careful assessment of serum, blood cells, and urine for free versus bound Mg should be done routinely in cardiovascular disease and high-risk patients.
ECG body surface mapping in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and optimal metabolic compensation.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) events compared with women without GDM. The aim of the present study was to evaluate 200 parameters of the heart electric field in 35 women with GDM under optimal glycemic compensation compared to 32 healthy pregnant women. All examinations were performed in the 36th week of gestation. The parameters in ECG body surface mapping (BSM) were registered by the diagnostic system Cardiag 112.2. The absolute values of maximum and minimum in depolarization and repolarization isopotential, isointegral and isoarea maps were not significantly different between the groups. These findings correspond to the result of heart rate variability examination. However BSM revealed the significant prolongation of QRS complex (p=0.05), shortening of ventricular myocardial activation time (ICHVAT) (p=0.01), prolongation of mean QT duration (p=0.01) and increase of QT interval dispersion (p=0.01) in women with GDM. Duration of QRS and ICHVAT significantly correlated with interventricular septum and posterior wall thickness in GDM group, QTd interval correlated significantly with HbA1C level. We conclude that despite of optimal metabolic control several significant abnormalities detected by ECG BSM are still present in patients with GDM.
Expected probability of congenital heart disease and clinical utility of fetal echocardiography in pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To establish a prediction model for fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) that could facilitate selective fetal echocardiography screening for diabetic women, and to provide cost analysis of selective versus global screening of these women. STUDY DESIGN: A historical cohort study included women with pre-gestational diabetes who received perinatal care at Mayo Clinic, Minnesota from 2007 through 2013. Anatomical scans and fetal echocardiograms were reviewed and charts for postnatal outcomes were abstracted. Logistic regression models were utilized to identify predictors of CHD. Cost of global versus selective screening was estimated using cost per case detected. RESULTS: A cohort of 152 women was included. Abnormal anatomy scan was reported in five (3.3%). Among 51 (33.6%) who had fetal echocardiography, eight (15.7%) had abnormal findings. Postnatal echocardiography was conducted in 36 neonates, 12 had abnormalities. Only first trimester HbA1c was independent predictor with observed incidence of CHD of 1.8, 14.3, and 40% and HbA1c of <8, 8-10, and >10% respectively. Global screening strategy missed 22% of fetal cardiac abnormalities, while selective screening missed 33%. CONCLUSIONS: According to our probability model, selective screening based on HbA1c and/or anatomic surveys seems to be an accurate and cost effective strategy for prenatal diagnosis of CHD among diabetic pregnancies.
A novel association of biventricular cardiac noncompaction and diabetic embryopathy: case report and review of the literature.; Diabetic embryopathy refers to a constellation of congenital malformations arising in the setting of poorly controlled maternal diabetes mellitus. Cardiac abnormalities are the most frequently observed findings, with a 5-fold risk over normal pregnancies. Although a diverse spectrum of cardiac defects has been documented, cardiac noncompaction morphology has not been associated with this syndrome. In this report, we describe a novel case of biventricular cardiac noncompaction in a neonate of a diabetic mother. The patient was a late preterm female with right anotia, caudal dysgenesis, multiple cardiac septal and aortic arch defects, and biventricular cardiac noncompaction. Examination of both ventricles demonstrated spongy myocardium with increased myocardial trabeculation greater than 50% left ventricular thickness and greater than 75% right ventricular thickness, with hypoplasia of the bilateral papillary muscles, consistent with noncompaction morphology. Review of the literature highlights the importance of gene expression and epigenomic regulation in cardiac embryogenesis.
Blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: associations with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors.; AIM/HYPOTHESIS: This cross-sectional, observational, controlled study examined cerebral oxygenation during exercise, an index of cerebrovascular function and cortical activation, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and unaffected pregnancies. The association of cerebral oxygenation with macrovascular and cardiovascular function indices was also evaluated. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Vascular function and structure [aortic pulse-wave-velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AI), carotid intima-media thickness], as well as 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure (BP) were assessed in women with GDM (n = 21) and uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 16), at 26-32 gestational weeks. Changes in cerebral oxygenation [oxy- (O(2)Hb), deoxy- (HHb) and total- (tHb) hemoglobin] were continuously recorded by near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) during intermittent handgrip exercise. Beat-by-beat BP and systemic vascular resistance (SVR) were assessed (Finapres). RESULTS: Women with GDM had higher AI than controls. During exercise, women with GDM maintained a smaller force (p < 0.05), despite similar ratings of perceived exertion. Despite similar increases in BP during exercise, the GDM group exhibited a lower average and total (AUC) increase in cerebral-O(2)Hb than controls (p < 0.05). In addition, GDM exhibited a slower rate of cerebral-O(2)Hb decay during recovery (p < 0.05). SVR was lower in GDM compared to controls throughout the protocol (p < 0.01). Cerebral oxygenation indices were correlated with PWV and AI (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This study provided novel evidence for blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with GDM compared to uncomplicated pregnancies, suggesting a link between reduced cerebrovascular function with exercise intolerance in GDM. Cerebral oxygenation during physical stress was correlated with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors. More studies are needed to examine whether this impaired cerebral oxygenation reflects early cerebrovascular disease.
The association of adverse pregnancy events and cardiovascular disease in women 50 years of age and older.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigates the association between a prior history of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) among Kentucky women aged ≥50 years. METHODS: Data were analyzed from participants (n = 3909) in the Kentucky Women's Health Registry (2006-2008). Primary outcomes were self-reported prevalence of CVD, including angina, heart attack, heart failure, and arrhythmia. Pregnancy complications used as predictors were preterm labor, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and third trimester bleeding. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to determine associations between prevalence of CVD and pregnancy complications, controlling for age, education, and smoking status. RESULTS: Overall, 199 (5.1%) women reported angina, 79 (2.0%) reported heart attack, 44 (1.1%) reported heart failure, and 642 (16.4%) reported arrhythmia. One pregnancy complication was reported by 614 (15.7%) women, and two or more complications were reported by 130 (3.3%) women. In regression models adjusting for age, education, and smoking, compared to women who were never pregnant, women with no pregnancy complications had a similar risk of reporting heart attack (odds ratio [OR] 1.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.5-2.7), but women with one pregnancy complication (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.03-6.0) and two or more complications (OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.4-10.6) had an increased risk. Similar results were seen for angina and arrhythmia, but not heart failure. CONCLUSIONS: Women who experience pregnancy complications are more likely to report prevalent CVD (including angina, heart attack, and arrhythmia), suggesting a link between adverse pregnancy events and CVD. Pregnancy complications may serve as signals for future CVD, presenting an opportunity for early intervention and prevention.
Cardiovascular Malformations in Infants of Diabetic Mothers: A Retrospective Case-Control Study.; Maternal diabetes has teratogenic effects on the evolution of the fetal cardiovascular system; as a consequence, cardiovascular malformations are the most common anomalies in infants of diabetic mothers. The present study focuses on the association of all types of diabetes in mothers with the incidence of congenital cardiovascular malformations in their infants. In this retrospective case-control study performed between the years 2008 and 2010, 35 infants of diabetic mothers were selected as a case group, and another 35 infants of mothers with normal blood glucose levels were selected as a control group. Data has been extracted from patients' files and registered. Finally, the association of data has been performed according to statistical analysis. According to the results, the prevalence of cardiovascular anomalies was significantly higher in infants of diabetic mothers (P=0.018). The most common malformations in the case group were PDA 10%, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 9% and PFO 8%. Maternal diabetes type (overt or gestational diabetes), duration and control method did not correspond with any significant differences in the prevalence of cardiac anomalies. The results of this study indicate that diabetes in pregnant women plays an important role in the incidence of certain types of cardiac anomalies, such as PFO, HCMPT, and PDA. As a result, the performance of diagnostic procedures (like embryonic echo, before and after birth), provision of special prenatal care to diabetic mothers, and providing supportive and therapeutic care to symptomatic infants seems highly advisable in such cases.
Age-specific effects on adverse pregnancy outcomes vary by maternal characteristics: a population-based retrospective study in Xiamen, China.; BACKGROUND: Advanced maternal age (AMA; ≥35 years) is considered to be a major risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Along with the global trend of delayed childbearing, and in particular, the implementation of China's second and third-child policy leading to a dramatic increase of AMA in recent years, the association between maternal age and pregnancy outcomes requires more investigation. METHODS: A population-based retrospective study was performed. Data were derived from the Medical Birth Registry of Xiamen from 2011 to 2018. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the effects of maternal age on pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 63,137 women categorized into different age groups (< 25 years, 25-29 years, 30-34 years, and ≥ 35 years) were included in this study. Compared with the mothers aged 25-29 years, the univariate regression analysis showed that mothers aged < 25 years had lower risks of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cesarean. AMA was associated with higher risks of GDM, hypertension, cesarean, preterm birth, low-birth weight (LBW), large-for-gestational-age (LGA), macrosomia, and stillbirth (all P < 0.01). After adjustment for potential confounding factors, increased risks of GDM, hypertension, cesarean, preterm birth, and LBW remained significantly associated with AMA (all P < 0.05), whereas AMA mothers showed a lower risk of macrosomia than their younger counterparts. Additionally, no significant differences were detected in terms of Apgar score < 7. CONCLUSION: AMA was associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes including increased risks of GDM, hypertension, cesarean, preterm birth, and LBW. This study confirmed the relationship between AMA and certain adverse maternal and fetal outcomes and emphasizes the necessity for women to be cautious about the age at which they become pregnant.
Antepartum fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Pregnancy in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased perinatal morbidity. Whether the perinatal mortality rate, particularly the fetal death rate, is greater in these patients remains controversial. The present study was undertaken to review the role of antepartum fetal monitoring in 69 patients with GDM controlled by diet only (class A) and 28 women requiring insulin therapy (class AB). Hypertension complicated 21.6% of these pregnancies. Antepartum fetal surveillance included outpatient nonstress testing, urinary estriol assays, maternal assessment of fetal activity, and clinical estimation of fetal weight. All insulin-requiring patients as well as fourteen class A patients with identifiable risk factors underwent testing. No perinatal deaths occurred. Only six patients required intervention for suspected fetal jeopardy and four of these women had hypertension. Macrosomia was correctly identified in only 6 of 16 infants weighing 4000 g or more. This study suggests that, in GDM, an outpatient program of fetal testing, using primarily the nonstress test and maternal assessment of fetal activity, can be employed in patients requiring insulin as well as class A patients with identifiable risk factors. This protocol resulted in a low rate of unnecessary intervention and good perinatal outcome. The risks for abnormal antepartum testing results appear increased in GDM with hypertension and prolonged pregnancy.
Clinical and metabolic outcomes in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus supplemented with myo-inositol: a secondary analysis from 3 RCTs.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is defined as carbohydrate intolerance that begins or is first recognized during pregnancy. Insulin sensitizing substances such as myo-inositol have been considered for the prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus and related complications. OBJECTIVE: Because previous studies failed to show a clear reduction of gestational diabetes mellitus complications, the aim of this study was to evaluate clinical and metabolic outcomes in women who are at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus supplemented with myo-inositol since the first trimester. STUDY DESIGN: A secondary analysis of databases from 3 randomized, controlled trials (595 women enrolled) in which women who were at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (a parent with type 2 diabetes mellitus, obese, or overweight) were supplemented with myo-inositol (4 g/d) throughout pregnancy. Main measures were the rate of adverse clinical outcomes: macrosomia (birthweight, ≥4000 g), large-for-gestational-age babies (fetal growth, ≥90 percentile), fetal growth restriction (fetal growth, ≤3 percentile), preterm birth (delivery before week 37 since the last menstruation), gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: A significant reduction was observed for preterm birth (10/291 [3.4%] vs 23/304 [7.6%]; P=.03), macrosomia (6/291 [2.1%] vs 16/304 [5.3%]; P=.04), Large-for-gestational-age babies (14/291 [4.8%] vs 27/304 [8.9%]; P=.04) with only a trend to significance for gestational hypertension (4/291 [1.4%] vs 12/304 [3.9%]; P=.07). Gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosis was also decreased when compared with the control group (32/291 [11.0%] vs 77/304 [25.3%]; P<.001). At univariate logistic regression analysis, myo-inositol treatment reduced the risk for preterm birth (odds ratio, 0.44; 95% confidence interval, 0.20-0.93), macrosomia (odds ratio, 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.14-0.98), and gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosis (odds ratio, 0.36; 95% confidence interval, 0.23-0.57). CONCLUSION: Myo-inositol treatment in early pregnancy is associated with a reduction in the rate of gestational diabetes mellitus and in the risk of preterm birth and macrosomia in women who are at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.
[Therapeutic effect of one-day outpatient on gestational diabetes mellitus patients].; To study the effect of one-day outpatient intervention on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients, and to explore the pregnancy outcome relevant to GDM patients and their fetus.  Methods: The GDM patients were divided into two groups according to their own intention to the one-day outpatient. According to systematic sampling method, we chose 200 GDM patients from the above 2 groups, respectively. The 200 GDM patients in the control group were matched the observation group with the age and gestational age, then the pregnancy outcome was tracked.  Results: The control level and success rate for the two hours blood sugar after breakfast and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in the observation group were better than those in the control group (P<0.001). The maternal complication rate (46.50%) and neonatal complication rate (21.50%) in the observation group were lower than those in the control group (71.50%, 41.50%; P<0.001). The maternal complications rate of fetal distress, premature and the neonatal complications rate of fetal macrosomia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), low weight, congenital heart disease, neonatal pneumonia, and rate in neonatal NICU were significantly lower than those in the control group (P<0.05).  Conclusion: One-day outpatient intervention could control blood sugar effectively, reduce the maternal and neonatal complications. It is worth promoting.
Prevalence of diagnosed and undiagnosed diabetes and hypertension in India--results from the Screening India's Twin Epidemic (SITE) study.; OBJECTIVE: Despite the rising number of patients with diabetes and hypertension in India, there is a dearth of nationwide, comprehensive prevalence data on these diseases. Our study aimed at collecting data on the prevalence of diabetes and hypertension and the underlying risk factors in various outpatient facilities throughout India. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was planned to be conducted in 10 Indian states, one state at a time. It was targeted to enroll about 2,000 patients from 100 centers in each state. Each center enrolled the first 10 patients (≥18 years of age, not pregnant, signed consent) per day on two consecutive days. "Diabetes" and "hypertension" were defined by the 2008 American Diabetes Association and the Joint National Committee's 7(th) Report guidelines, respectively. Patient data (demographics, lifestyle factors, medical history, and laboratory diagnostic results) were collected and analyzed. RESULTS: During 2009-2010, in total, 15,662 eligible patients (54.8% males; mean age, 48.9±13.9 years) from eight states were enrolled. Diabetes was prevalent in 5,427 (34.7%) patients, and 7,212 (46.0%) patients had hypertension. Diabetes and hypertension were coexistent in 3,227 (20.6%) patients. Among those whose disease status was not known at enrollment, 7.2% (793 of 11,028) and 22.2% (2,408 of 10,858) patients were newly diagnosed with diabetes and hypertension, respectively; additionally, 18.4% (2,031 of 11,028) were classified as having prediabetes and 60.1% (6,521 of 10,858) as having prehypertension. A positive association (P<0.05) was observed between diabetes/hypertension and age, familial history of either, a medical history of cardiovascular disorders, alcohol consumption, and diet. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrates that the substantial burden of diabetes and hypertension is on the rise in India. Patient awareness and timely diagnosis and intervention hold the key to limiting this twin epidemic.
Maternal race, procedures, and infant birth weight in type 2 and gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relation between race and cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low birth weight infants in pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that might explain racial differences. METHODS: Population-based, cross-sectional study of 1999-2004 Maryland hospital discharge data. Hospitalizations for delivery of pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus were identified and matched to infants. The independent variable was maternal race. Dependent variables were cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low infant birth weight. Stepwise logistic regression models were developed to estimate the independent effect of race on use of each procedure and infant birth weight, after adjusting for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors. RESULTS: We examined 6,310 deliveries for pregnancies with type 2 (15%) and gestational (85%) diabetes. Before adjustment, black race was associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (odds ratio [OR] 1.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.24-1.58) and low birth weight infants (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.57-2.40) compared with white race. Adjustment for racial differences in preeclampsia and fetal heart rate abnormalities accounted for a modest degree of the racial variation in outcomes. With full adjustment, black race was still associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (OR 1.38, 95% CI 1.20-1.60) and low birth weight (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.41-2.34) and a lower odds of episiotomy (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.36-0.57). CONCLUSION: In pregnancies with diabetes, adjustment for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors only partially explains racial differences in procedure use and infant low birth weight.
Mid-trimester ultrasound parameters for predicting birth weight in low risk pregnancies vs high-risk pregnancies complicated with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to assess the utility of mid-trimester ultrasound parameters in predicting birth weight in low-risk pregnancy and high-risk pregnancy complicated with pregestational diabetes mellitus. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A study group comprised 97 healthy women and 160 women with pregestational diabetes (PGDM, type 1), all in singleton pregnancy. Ultrasound examination was performed between weeks 11 and 14, and in weeks 20 and 30 of gestation, based on recommendations of the Polish Society of Gynecologists and Obstetricians, Ultrasonography Division. We also checked uterine artery blood flow parameters. RESULTS: There is a correlation between the birth weight and ultrasound-ascertained parameters, including those characterising uterine artery blood flow and foetal biometry [abdominal circumference (AC), femoral length (FL), biparietal dimension (BPD)].The biparietal dimension (BPD), head circumference (HC) abdominal circumference (AC) and pre-existing diabetes are the ultrasound predictors of LGA. The presence of an early-diastolic uterine artery blood flow waveform notching, as well as the uterine artery pulsatility index (UAPI), femoral length (FL) and hypertension in pregnancy are the ultrasound predictors of SGA. In the subset of women with pre-gestational diabetes (PGDM), there is a negative correlation between the birth weight and the uterine artery pulsatility index and early-diastolic uterine artery blood flow waveform notching. In women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), femoral length (FL) is a significant predictor of LGA and in case of SGA significant predictors are uterine artery pulsatility index, artery blood flow waveform notching and femoral length (FL). CONCLUSIONS: Midtrimester ultrasound parameters with confirmed usefulness in the prediction of birth weight in low-risk pregnancy and high-risk pregnancy complicated with pregestational diabetes mellitus include: uterine artery PI, early-diastolic uterine artery blood flow waveform notching and foetal biometry.
Assessment of Cardiac Function in Fetuses of Gestational Diabetic Mothers During the Second Trimester.; Fetuses of diabetic mothers may have structural or functional cardiac abnormalities which increase morbidity and mortality. Isolated functional abnormalities have been identified in the third trimester. The aim of the present study was to assess fetal cardiac function (systolic, diastolic, and global myocardial performance) in the second trimester in mothers with gestational diabetes, and also to relate cardiac function with glycemic control. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus referred for fetal cardiac evaluation in the second trimester (between 19 and 24 weeks) from March 2015 to February 2016 were enrolled as case subjects in this study. Non-diabetic mothers who had a fetal echocardiogram done between 19 and 24 weeks for other indications were enrolled as controls. Functional cardiac variables showed a statistically significant difference in isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and the myocardial performance index and mitral E/A ratios in the gestational diabetic group (p = 0.003). Mitral annular plane systolic excursion was significantly less in the diabetic group (p = 0.01). The only functional cardiac variable found abnormal in mothers with poor glycemic control was the prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time. Functional cardiac abnormalities can be detected in the second trimester in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers and timely intervention can improve postnatal outcomes.
Abnormal regulation of maternal cerebral blood flow under conditions of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a prediabetic state leading to endothelial dysfunction and altered organ perfusion. Under normal conditions cerebral blood flow is closely coupled to cortical activity, to which it rapidly adjusts. On the basis of this so-called neurovascular coupling we evaluated the influence of a gestational diabetic state on endothelium-dependent vasoregulative properties of this mechanism. METHOD: A functional transcranial Doppler test performed during visual stimulation was used to measure vascular reactivity. Peak systolic and end-diastolic flow velocity response from 20 non-pregnant (age 27 +/- 6 y), 31 healthy pregnant women (31 +/- 6 y; 31 +/- 4 gestational week) and 30 women with gestational diabetes (32 +/- 5 y; 34 +/- 4) were separately evaluated according to a control system approach. All women did not show any vascular risk factors prior to pregnancy. RESULTS: Comparison of resting blood flow velocity and the control system parameters of gain, attenuation, rate time and natural frequency, showed a consistent and significant difference in the parameter "attenuation" for the peak systolic data (0.55 +/- 0.18 vs. 0.44 +/- 0.1 and 0.45 +/- 0.11, p < 0.01) as well as end-diastolic (0.61 +/- 0.23 vs. 0.49 +/- 0.2 and 0.5 +/- 0.14, p < 0.05) figures (mean +/- SD of value from women with gestational diabetes vs. non-pregnant and healthy pregnant women, significance level). No differences were found between non-pregnant and normal pregnant women for the neurovascular coupling mechanism. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes mellitus results in endothelial dysfunction which can be measured in a non-invasive, painless and easy manner by a transcranial Doppler test.
4D assessment of fetal brain function in diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether there is a difference in the behavior of fetuses of pregnant women with diabetes under treatment with insulin, compared to fetuses of pregnant women without diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Kurjak's antenatal neurodevelopmental test (KANET) - a method that, by application of four-dimensional (4D) ultrasound, assesses fetal behavior in a similar way that neonatologists perform a neurological assessment in newborns - was applied from 28 to 38 weeks of gestation to 40 pregnancies with pre-existing diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) requiring insulin (diabetic group) and to 40 non-diabetic cases, with otherwise low-risk pregnancies (non-diabetic group). RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences regarding maternal age (30.5±5.1 years for diabetic group vs. 29.8±6.2 years for non-diabetic group) and gestational age (32±1.6 weeks for the diabetic group compared to 33±1.2 weeks for the non-diabetic group). After analysis of the results obtained from application of KANET to each group, results of KANET had higher scores in the non-diabetic group. CONCLUSION: It appears that there are differences in the fetal behavior between diabetic and non-diabetic fetuses, and also the specific parameters - movements that were different between the two groups were identified.
Burden, risk factors and maternal and offspring outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA): a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The burden, determinants and outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in sub-Saharan Africa are not known. We summarized existing evidence on the prevalence, risk factors and complications of GDM in the region. METHODS: PubMed was searched from inception to January 31st 2019. Studies were included if carried out in any of the sub-Saharan Africa countries and were available as abstracts or full texts. Interventional studies and those only including qualitative data were excluded. We employed random effects modelling to estimate the pooled GDM prevalence and risk ratios (RRs) for risk factors and outcomes of GDM and their 95%CI. RESULTS: 283 papers were identified in the initial search, 33 of which met the inclusion criteria. Data on GDM burden suggest a pooled prevalence of 9% (95%CI, 7-12%). Family history of type 2 diabetes and previous history of GDM, macrosomia, stillbirth and abortion were important risk factors of GDM. In addition, being overweight or obese, over 25 years of age or hypertensive increased the risk of GDM. In terms of complications, GDM more than doubles the risk macrosomia (RR; 95%CI: 2.2; 1.1-4.4). CONCLUSIONS: There is a high burden of gestational diabetes mellitus in sub-Saharan Africa, but more studies are needed to document locally important risk factors as well as maternal and offspring outcomes. Interventions to reduce obesity among older African women might lead to reduced risk of GDM in sub-Saharan Africa.
Myocardial function in offspring 5-8years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: Preeclampsia and diabetic pregnancies share pathophysiological features suggested to influence epigenetic changes during foetal life with importance for later development and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. AIM: Our objective was to study the myocardium in offspring after pregnancy complications. METHODS: Forty-five children (age 5-8 years) delivered from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia (n = 25), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 8) or gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12) were included. Fifteen children from uneventful pregnancies served as controls. Myocardial functions of right and left ventricle were examined by conventional Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). RESULTS: No major differences were found in the myocardial function between offspring of pregnancy complications and control group. However, the preeclampsia group had smaller hearts, increased heart rate and increased late diastolic velocity (A'-wave) at mitral valve attachments shown by both pulsed wave and colour TDI compared to the control and diabetic groups together (p ≤ 0.01). CONCLUSION: Children born after preeclampsia may show effects of a negative impact on the heart already at the age of 5 to 8 years. The numbers of examined children were, however, limited.
Increased Risk of Pregnancy Complications After Stroke: The FUTURE Study (Follow-Up of Transient Ischemic Attack and Stroke Patients and Unelucidated Risk Factor Evaluation).; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The study goal was to investigate the prevalence of pregnancy complications and pregnancy loss in women before, during, and after young ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack. METHODS: In the FUTURE study (Follow-Up of Transient Ischemic Attack and Stroke Patients and Unelucidated Risk Factor Evaluation), a prospective young stroke study, we assessed the occurrence of pregnancy, miscarriages, and pregnancy complications in 223 women aged 18 to 50 years with a first-ever ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack. Pregnancy complications (gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, and hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count syndrome) were assessed before, during, and after stroke using standardized questionnaires. Primary outcome was occurrence of pregnancy complications and the rate of pregnancy loss compared with the Dutch population. Secondary outcome was the risk of recurrent vascular events after stroke, stratified by a history of hypertensive disorder in pregnancy. RESULTS: Data were available for 213 patients. Mean age at event was 39.6 years (SD=7.8) and mean follow-up 9.5 years (SD=8.5). Miscarriages occurred in 35.2% and fetal death in 6.2% versus 13.5% and 0.9% in the Dutch population, respectively (P<0.05). In nulliparous women after stroke (n=22), in comparison with Dutch population, there was a high prevalence of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (33.3 versus 12.2%; P<0.05), hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count syndrome (9.5 versus 0.5%; P<0.05), and early preterm delivery <32 weeks (9.0 versus 1.4%; P<0.05). In primi/multiparous women (n=141) after stroke, 29 events occurred (20-year cumulative risk 35.2%; 95% confidence interval, 21.3-49.0), none during subsequent pregnancies, and a history of a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy did not modify this risk (log-rank P=0.62). CONCLUSIONS: When compared with the general population, women with young stroke show higher rates of pregnancy loss throughout their lives. Also, after stroke, nulliparous women more frequently experienced serious pregnancy complications.
Reference range of fetal myocardial area by three-dimensional ultrasonography and its applicability in fetuses of pre-gestational diabetic women.; Objective To determine the reference range for the myocardial area in healthy fetuses using three-dimensional (3D) ultrasonography and validate these results in fetuses of pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM). Methods This cross-sectional retrospective study included 168 healthy pregnant women between gestational weeks 20 and 33+6 days. The myocardial area was measured using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) in the four-chamber view. Polynomial regression models were used, and the goodness of fit of the models were evaluated by the coefficient of determination (R2). Intra- and inter-observer reproducibility was determined using the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC). Validation was performed in 30 pregnant women with pre-gestational DM. Results There was a strong correlation (R2=0.71, P<0.0001) between myocardial area and gestational age. There was good intra- and inter-observer reproducibility, with a CCC of 0.86 and 0.83, respectively. However, there was no significant difference in the mean myocardial area between healthy fetuses and fetuses of women with pre-gestational DM (0.11 cm2, P=0.55). Conclusion The reference range was determined for the myocardial area in fetuses, and there was no significant difference in this variable between healthy fetuses and the fetuses of women with pre-gestational DM.
Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with developing type 2 diabetes, but very few studies have examined its effect on developing cardiovascular disease. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study utilizing a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. From 1 February 1990 to 15 May 2016, 9,118 women diagnosed with GDM were identified and randomly matched with 37,281 control women by age and timing of pregnancy (up to 3 months). Adjusted incidence rate ratios (IRRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated for cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular disease. Women with GDM were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (IRR = 21.96; 95% CI 18.31-26.34) and hypertension (IRR = 1.85; 95% CI 1.59-2.16) after adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, body mass index, and smoking. For ischemic heart disease (IHD), the IRR was 2.78 (95% CI 1.37-5.66), and for cerebrovascular disease 0.95 (95% CI 0.51-1.77; p-value = 0.87), after adjusting for the above covariates and lipid-lowering medication and hypertension at baseline. Follow-up screening for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors was poor. Limitations include potential selective documentation of severe GDM for women in primary care, higher surveillance for outcomes in women diagnosed with GDM than control women, and a short median follow-up postpartum period, with a small number of outcomes for IHD and cerebrovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: Women diagnosed with GDM were at very high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and had a significantly increased incidence of hypertension and IHD. Identifying this group of women in general practice and targeting cardiovascular risk factors could improve long-term outcomes.
History of gestational diabetes mellitus and future risk of atherosclerosis in mid-life: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study.; BACKGROUND: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes (DM) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS), which increase risk of cardiovascular disease. It is unclear, however, whether GDM increases risk of early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity and subsequent metabolic disease. METHODS AND RESULTS: Of 2787 women (18 to 30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study, we studied 898 (47% black) who were free of DM and heart disease at baseline (1985-1986), delivered ≥1 post-baseline births, reported GDM history, and had common carotid intima media thickness (ccIMT, mm) measured in 2005-2006. We used multivariable linear regression to assess associations between GDM and ccIMT adjusted for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors. We assessed mediators (weight gain, insulin resistance, blood pressure), and effect modification by incident DM or MetS during the 20-year period. Of the 898 women, 119 (13%) reported GDM (7.6 per 100 deliveries). Average age was 31 at last birth and 44 at ccIMT measurement for GDM and non-GDM groups. Unadjusted mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM than non-GDM groups (P=0.029), but pre-pregnancy BMI attenuated the difference to 0.016 mm (P=0.109). In 777 women without subsequent DM or the MetS, mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM versus non-GDM groups controlling for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy BMI (0.784 versus 0.761, P=0.039). Addition of pre-pregnancy insulin resistance index had minimal impact on adjusted mean net ccIMT difference (0.22 mm). Mean ccIMT did not differ by GDM status among 121 women who developed DM or the MetS (P=0.58). CONCLUSIONS: History of GDM may be a marker for early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity among women who have not developed type 2 diabetes or the metabolic syndrome.
Fetal myocardial hypertrophy in an experimental model of gestational diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: The frequent occurrence of prenatal hypertrophy of the muscular ventricular septum has been widely reported in fetuses of diabetic mothers. OBJECTIVES: This experimental study was carried out to test the hypothesis that the weight of the heart, the ratio of the cardiac weight to that of the body, the thickness of the muscular ventricular septum, and the myocytic profile within the ventricular septum are all increased in fetuses of diabetic rats in comparison to fetuses of normal rats. METHODS: Diabetes was induced in 5 pregnant Wistar rats, bearing 30 fetuses, on the eighth day after conception, by intraperitoneal injection of 50 mg/kg of streptozotocin. Five normal pregnant Wistar rats, bearing 20 fetuses, made up the control group. Morphometric data were obtained by a computer-assisted method applied to the measurements of the thickness of the ventricular septum, and myocytic nuclear area. Statistical analysis utilized Student's t-test and Kruskal-Wallis test. RESULTS: The mean thickness of the septum was 675.56 microm (+/-159) in the control fetuses, and 904.39 microm (+/-262) in the fetuses carried by diabetic mothers (p < 0.001). The cardiac weight was 0.016 g (+/-0.004) in the control group, and 0.023 g (+/-0.005) in the group of diabetic fetuses (p < 0.001). The ratio of cardiac to body weight was 0.294% (+/-0.079) in the control group, and 0.514% (+/-0.073) in the diabetic group (p < 0.001). The myocytic nuclear area was 14.70 microm2 in the control group, and 21.43 microm2 in the diabetic group (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The presence of cellular and morphologic cardiac hypertrophy in fetuses of diabetic rats was demonstrated by the significant difference between the two groups for each analyzed feature.
From population reference to national standard: new and improved birthweight charts.; BACKGROUND: Antenatal detection of intrauterine growth restriction remains a major obstetrical challenge, with the majority of cases not detected before birth. In these infants with undetected intrauterine growth restriction, the diagnosis must be made after birth. Clinicians use birthweight charts to identify infants as small-for-gestational-age if their birthweights are below a predefined threshold for gestational age. The choice of birthweight chart strongly affects the classification of small-for-gestational-age infants and has an impact on both research findings and clinical practice. Despite extensive literature on pathological risk factors associated with small-for-gestational-age, controversy exists regarding the exclusion of affected infants from a reference population. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to identify pathological risk factors for abnormal fetal growth, to quantify their effects, and to use these findings to calculate prescriptive birthweight charts for the Dutch population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We performed a retrospective cross-sectional study, using routinely collected data of 2,712,301 infants born in The Netherlands between 2000 and 2014. Risk factors for abnormal fetal growth were identified and categorized in 7 groups: multiple gestation, hypertensive disorders, diabetes, other pre-existing maternal medical conditions, maternal substance (ab)use, medical conditions related to the pregnancy, and congenital malformations. The effects of these risk factors on mean birthweight were assessed using linear regression. Prescriptive birthweight charts were derived from live-born singleton infants, born to ostensibly healthy mothers after uncomplicated pregnancies and spontaneous onset of labor. The Box-Cox-t distribution was used to model birthweight and to calculate sex-specific percentiles. The new charts were compared to various existing birthweight and fetal-weight charts. RESULTS: We excluded 111,621 infants because of missing data on birthweight, gestational age or sex, stillbirth, or a gestational age not between 23 and 42 weeks. Of the 2,599,640 potentially eligible infants, 969,552 (37.3%) had 1 or more risk factors for abnormal fetal growth and were subsequently excluded. Large absolute differences were observed between the mean birthweights of infants with and without these risk factors, with different patterns for term and preterm infants. The final low-risk population consisted of 1,629,776 live-born singleton infants (50.9% male), from which sex-specific percentiles were calculated. Median and 10th percentiles closely approximated fetal-weight charts but consistently exceeded existing birthweight charts. CONCLUSION: Excluding risk factors that cause lower birthweights results in prescriptive birthweight charts that are more akin to fetal-weight charts, enabling proper discrimination between normal and abnormal birthweight. This proof of concept can be applied to other populations.
Insulin need in gestational diabetes is associated with a worse cardiovascular risk profile after pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes after pregnancy compared to mild GDM cases treated with medical nutrition treatment (MNT) alone. We aimed to compare levels of subclinical atherosclerosis markers in women with previous GDM treated with insulin and MNT alone. METHODS: Eighty-one women with previous GDM (45 treated with insulin, 36 treated with MNT) and 35 age-matched lean controls were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and lipids, circulating fibrinogen, CRP, PAI-1 and IL-6 levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. RESULTS: Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had significantly higher fasting glucose, plasma PAI-1 levels and carotid IMT compared to women treated with MNT alone. In multiple regression analysis, insulin need in pregnancy was associated with increased carotid IMT and plasma PAI-1 levels (corrected for age, BMI, postpartum duration, fasting glucose and lipids; model r(2)=0.132; beta=0.297, p=0.014 for carotid IMT; model r(2)=0.198; beta=0.345, p=0.003 for PAI-1). CONCLUSION: Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had a worse cardiovascular risk profile compared to mild GDM patients. An intensive preventive approach for cardiovascular disorders is particularly essential for this subgroup of women.
Impact of type I and type II maternal diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac function assessment parameters using spectral and tissue Doppler.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) on fetal cardiac function two-dimensional parameters using spectral and tissue Doppler. Pregnant women between 20 and 36 + 6 weeks gestation were divided into three groups: controls, type I DM, and type II DM. The right ventricle (RV) and left ventricle (LV) annular velocity peaks were measured using spectral (E, A) and tissue (E', A', S') Doppler. The myocardial performance index was calculated as (isovolumetric contraction time [ICT] + isovolumetric relaxation time [IRT])/ejection time using tissue (MPI') and the spectral Doppler (MPI). A general linear model, with fetal heart rate as a covariant, was used to evaluate the effect of DM on the fetal heart function assessment parameters. To assess the association of type I and II DM with adverse perinatal outcomes, Fisher's exact test was used. A receiver operating characteristic curve was used to determine the best cutoff for fetal cardiac function assessment parameters to identify the neonatal composite outcomes. The sample comprised 179 pregnant women. DM had significant effect on RV and LV A peak velocities (p = 0.026 and p = 0.011, respectively). LV ICT (p < 0.001) and LV MPI (p < 0.001) were significantly affected by maternal DM. Fetuses from pregnant women with type II DM showed significantly higher LV MPI (0.492 vs. 0.459, p = 0.006) and RV S' (7.2 vs. 6.44 cm/s, p = 0.024) than controls. Fetuses from type I DM pregnant women showed increase in cardiac parameters that evaluated the LV and RV diastolic function (LV IRT' p < 0.001 and RV MPI' p = 0.044). Type I and II DM were associated with adverse perinatal outcomes: neonatal intensive care unit stay (p < 0.0001), macrosomia (p < 0.0001), hyperbilirubinemia (p < 0.0001), and hypoglycemia (p < 0.0001). The LV MPI' showed significant but moderate sensitivity in identifying the composite neonatal outcomes (AUC: 0.709, 95% CI 0.629-0.780, p < 0.001). Tissue Doppler and MPI parameters can be useful to detect subclinical cardiac dysfunction in the fetal heart of pregestational DM pregnant women.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus with one-step or two-step approaches and associations with adverse pregnancy outcomes.; BACKGROUND: There is an ongoing discussion about the optimal diagnostic strategy for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). OBJECTIVE: To assess the magnitude of the association between GDM diagnosed with the one-step (International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria) or two-step (Carpenter and Coustan criteria) approach and selected adverse pregnancy outcomes. SEARCH STRATEGY: Five electronic databases were searched up to October 2017 using Medical Subject Headings for each adverse outcome combined with the term "gestational diabetes." SELECTION CRITERIA: Observational studies assessing the one-step versus the two-step diagnostic approach in GDM. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Relative risks were extracted and random-effects models were used to estimate pooled relative risks (RRs). MAIN RESULTS: A total of 41 663 participants from nine studies were included. Gestational diabetes mellitus was significantly associated with pre-eclampsia (RR 1.68 vs RR 1.77), cesarean delivery (RR 1.28 vs RR 1.33), and large for gestational age (RR 1.44 vs RR 1.68) when diagnosed with the one-step versus the two-step approach. A one-step diagnosis also increased the risks of neonatal intensive care unit admission and gestational hypertension, whereas a two-step diagnosis increased the incidence of macrosomia. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM diagnosed with either the one-step or the two-step approach were at increased risk for selected adverse pregnancy outcomes. The associations with the two-step method were slightly stronger.
A past medical history of gestational diabetes: its medical significance and its dental implications.; Approximately 7% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a usually transient form of diabetes mellitus, because of the production of some placental and maternal adipose tissue elaborated hormones that alter glucose metabolism. In most women the disorder resolves at delivery, but within 10 years 50% to 70% of these women go on to develop type 2 diabetes. The identification of women with past medical histories of GDM is a clinically useful marker for alerting the dentist to patients at heightened risk of occult type 2 diabetes, with a possible greater risk of developing periodontal disease and dental caries. Screening these patients for diabetes and establishing a preventative dental regimen may result in reducing the number of women with undiagnosed diabetes and diabetes-associated dental and cardiovascular diseases.
A Meta-Analysis of Differences in Thyroid and Cardiac Function Between Women with Normal Pregnancies and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: This is a meta-analysis of thyroid function (TF) and cardiac function (CF) differences between women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), in order to provide more reliable reference and guidance for the future clinical prevention and treatment of GDM. METHODS: Studies on the correlation of GDM with TF and CF were searched in PubMed, Cochrane Library, and other literature databases, and the literature for final analysis was confirmed after screening according to the eligibility criteria. Authors, publication time, research subjects, and endpoints were extracted for meta-analysis using Review 5.3 software. RESULTS: After screening, 10 studies with a total of 2554 subjects were selected, including 1125 GDM patients (GDM group) and 1429 normal pregnant women (control group). All the included papers scored 6-7 points on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale used for literature quality evaluation, implying high-quality research. In the meta-analysis, the relationship between GDM and TF, TSH, and FT3 increased evidently in the GDM group, while FT4 decreased (P < .05). The meta-analysis of GDM and CF revealed lower LVEF and E/A while higher E/E' in GDM patients compared to the controls (P < .05). The funnel plot showed that the graphs of all the endpoints were basically symmetrical, indicating low publication bias. CONCLUSION: Given the obvious thyroid dysfunction and cardiac dysfunction in GDM patients, symptomatic intervention measures should be taken actively and timely to improve the safety of GDM patients during pregnancy.
Can slight glucose intolerance during pregnancy predict future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?; AIM: o examine the association between glucose level during pregnancy and the subsequent development of long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was conducted. The study included all women who had at least one glucose measurement during their pregnancies. Cases were all women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity (n = 815). Controls were randomly matched by age and year of delivery (n = 6065). The atherosclerotic morbidity group was further divided by severity: major events (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular disease, chronic renal failure), minor events (hypertension, diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidaemia without target organ damage or complications) and cardiac evaluation tests (such as coronary angiography without records of atherosclerosis, cardiac scan and stress test). The mean follow-up duration for the study group was 74 months. Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. RESULTS: A significant linear association was found between glucose levels during pregnancy and long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Among the cases with severe atherosclerotic morbidity, the proportion of women with a high glucose level (> 5.5 mmol/l) was the highest, whereas in controls it was the lowest (P < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazard model, adjusted for atherosclerotic confounders such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and obesity, a glucose level of > 5.5 mmol/l was noted as an independent risk factor for hospitalizations later in non-pregnant life (hazard ratio = 1.3, 95% confidence interval 1.1-1.5, P < 0.003). CONCLUSION: A high glucose level during pregnancy, even if within the range of slight glucose intolerance, may serve as a marker for future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Further long-term studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Author response to: Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis.; This commentary is an author response to Yu and colleagues regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding minor errors in our manuscript, our search strategy and assessment of heterogeneity.
Cerebral blood flow velocity and cardiac output in infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers.; Cardiac output and cerebral blood flow velocity in the anterior cerebral and internal carotid arteries were investigated in eight large-for-date infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers and 12 healthy term infants during the first four days of life using two-dimensional/pulsed Doppler ultrasound. Temporal mean flow velocity was used as an indicator of changes in cerebral blood flow. Six of the eight infants of diabetic mothers had ventricular septal hypertrophy with reduced cardiac outputs and stroke volumes. Mean flow velocity in both cerebral vessels showed a comparable pattern in both groups throughout the study period and was independent of mean arterial pressure, suggesting unaltered cerebral hemodynamics in the infants of diabetic mothers.
Abnormal Fetal Echocardiography in Diabetic Pregnant Women at a Tertiary Care Hospital: A Descriptive Cross-sectional Study.; INTRODUCTION: The sedentary lifestyle of women and change in their food habits has a significant role in developing diabetes in pregnancies. This leads to an increased chance of fetal cardiac abnormality born by a mother with gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. The objective of the study is to find out the prevalence of abnormal fetal echocardiography in gestational and pre-existing diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital. METHODS: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted among 104 diabetic pregnant women in a tertiary care hospital from April 15, 2017, to April 14, 2018. Ethical approval was obtained from the institutional review committee. The convenient sampling method was used. The patients who were diagnosed as gestational diabetes and diabetic before pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was mainly done at a gestational age of 22-32 weeks depending upon the time of diagnosis of gestational diabetes and for pre-diabetic women, fetal echocardiography was done at 24-26 weeks of gestation. Statistical analysis was done using the Statistical Package of the Social Sciences version 20. RESULTS: Among 104 patients, 16 (15.38%) patients had abnormal fetal echocardiography. Eighty-three (79.81%) were gestational diabetics, 21 (20.19%) were pre-existing diabetic women. Among 83 gestational diabetes, 7 (8.4%) had abnormal echo finding and among 21 pre-existing diabetics, 9 (42.8%) had abnormal echo finding. CONCLUSIONS: There was an increased chance of fetal cardiac malformation in gestational diabetic and pre-existing diabetics diabetic especially in an uncontrolled glycemic state. And, if they were diagnosed prenatally, clinical outcomes for both mother and fetus would have been better.
Reduced mechanical function of the left atrial predicts adverse outcome in pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors.; INTRODUCTION: The left atrial (LA) strain and strain rate are sensitive indicators of LA function. However, they are not widely used for the evaluation of pregnant women with metabolic diseases. The aim of this study was to assess the LA strain and strain rate of pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors and to explore its prognostic effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sixty-three pregnant women with a clustering of metabolic risk factors (CMR group), fifty-seven women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH group), fifty-seven women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM group), and fifty matched healthy pregnant women (control group) were retrospectively evaluated. LA function was evaluated with two-dimensional speckle-tracking imaging. Iatrogenic preterm delivery caused by severe preeclampsia, placental abruption, and fetal distress was regarded as the primary adverse outcome. RESULTS: The CMR group showed the lowest LA strain during reservoir phase (LASr), strain during contraction phase (LASct) and peak strain rate during conduit phase (pLASRcd) among the three groups (P < 0.05). LA strain during conduit phase (LAScd) and peak strain rate during reservoir phase (pLASRr) in the CMR group were lower than those in the control and GDM groups (P < 0.05). Multivariable Cox regression analysis demonstrated systolic blood pressure (HR = 1.03, 95% CI 1.01-1.05, p = 0.001) and LASr (HR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.80-0.92, p < 0.0001) to be independent predictors of iatrogenic preterm delivery. An LASr cutoff value ≤ 38.35% predicted the occurrence of iatrogenic preterm delivery. CONCLUSIONS: LA mechanical function in pregnant women with metabolic aggregation is deteriorated. An LASr value of 38.35% or less may indicate the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
[Pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus].; Interdisciplinary team work and recommendations of diabetologist and obstetrician is the condition of success of antenatal care and consequently perinatal outcome in pregnancy complicated by diabetes. Careful insight into the metabolic, haemodynamic and vascular disturbances is the basic of contemporary surveillance in diabetic pregnancy. The authors emphasise that a diabetic pregnant woman must not only pay attention to adequate nutrition and balanced exercise, but also be aware of and cope with characteristic, momentary swings in glycemia in order to overcome them by appropriate insulin therapy. Continuous supervision for several other complications associated with diabetic pregnancy, viz. hypertension, retinopathy, thyroid dysfunction, nephropathy and the threat of in utero foetal death is justified. Briefly, rigorous measures to sustain normoglycemia and normal blood pressure, examination of the retina, thyroid and renal functions as well as foetal status evaluation are paramount in appropriate management of major common diabetic complications in pregnancy.
Fetal cardiac function and septal thickness in diabetic pregnancy: a controlled observational and reproducibility study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the reproducibility of duplex Doppler waveform analysis and fetal cardiac interventricular septal thickness measurement and to compare these parameters in matched pregnancies with and without well-controlled maternal Type 1 diabetes at 18-20 weeks of gestation. DESIGN: A prospective blind twin cohort study and a blinded inter-observer and intra-observer agreement study. SETTING: A tertiary referral prenatal diagnostic unit within a university hospital. RESULTS: Good inter- and intra-observer agreement was found for the measurement of transvalvular peak flow velocities and the duration of ventricular ejection in the fetal heart. Inter-observer agreement for aortic flow acceleration rate was poor. M-mode measurement of interventricular septal thickness showed moderate reproducibility. The mean (SD) width of the interventricular septum in the fetuses of well controlled diabetic women was 2 1 mm (0.2 mm), and was significantly greater (P=0.01) when compared with the corresponding value in matched controls [1.9 mm (0.2 mm)]. No cardiac functional differences were evident. CONCLUSIONS: On-screen video analysis of Doppler cardiac flow waveforms and M-mode measurement of intraventricular septal thickness demonstrated good reproducibility. The fetuses of well controlled diabetic pregnancies demonstrated signs of altered cardiac morphology early in pregnancy, before any evident alterations in cardiac function.
White's classification of diabetes in pregnancy in the 21st century: is it still valid?; White's classification system (WCS) was created 60 years ago to identify diabetic (DM) pregnancies at increased risk for perinatal morbidity and mortality. Our objective was to assess the association between WCS and adverse pregnancy outcome (APO) in contemporary DM pregnancies. We studied diabetic women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at >20 weeks at a single institution over a 1-year period (2007 to 2008). Perinatal outcomes were compared between WCS groups. APO was defined as any of the following: preterm birth <34 weeks, severe preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, and neonatal respiratory disease. Presence of vascular disease was defined as presence of chronic hypertension, chronic renal insufficiency, retinopathy, coronary artery disease, or prior cerebrovascular event. One hundred ninety-six DM pregnancies met the criteria. No significant differences in APO existed between White's class groups among women with pregestational DM (32.7% class B versus 26.9% class C versus 57.1% class D to F; p = 0.46). Logistic regression revealed that vascular disease was associated with APO (odds ratio = 2.7, 95% confidence interval = 1.2 to 6.2). In our population, presence of vascular disease, rather than WCS, was a better predictor of APO in DM women.
Risk factors related to venous thromboembolism in pregnant women: a meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this paper was to make a preliminary analysis of the risk factors related to venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnant women by Meta-analysis. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: Three databases including PubMed, Web of Science, and The National Library of Medicine (NLM) were systematically searched from their establishment to January 1, 2023, and the obtained data were statistically analyzed using RevMan5.3 software. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: A total of 10 studies were included, involving 22 risk factors, of which 16 were included for further analysis. Meta analysis showed that cesarean section (OR=2.05, 95%CI: 1.71, 2.47, P=0.007), gestational diabetes (OR=1.17, 95%CI: 1.09, 1.27, P<0.001), eclampsia or preeclampsia (OR=1.88, 95%CI: 1.42, 2.49, P< 0.001), obesity (OR=1.19, 95%CI: 1.04, 1.86, P=0.028), twin or multiple pregnancy (OR=2.34, 95%CI: 1.46, 3.76, P<0.001), chronic heart disease (OR=3.59, 95%CI: 3.28, 3.92, P<0.001), and blood transfusion history (OR=3.20, 95%CI: 2.78, 3.68, P<0.001) were risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: Existing evidence suggests that cesarean section, gestational diabetes, eclampsia or preeclampsia, obesity (body mass index ≥30 kg/m(2)), twin or multiple pregnancy, chronic heart disease, and blood transfusion history may be risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. In clinical practice, the evaluation and management of VTE should be strengthened, and a model for clinical prediction of VTE can be established to provide a reference for the prevention of VTE.
Maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancy through metabolic stress and mitochondrial dysfunction.; Offspring of diabetic pregnancies are at risk of cardiovascular disease at birth and throughout life, purportedly through fuel-mediated influences on the developing heart. Preventative measures focus on glycemic control, but the contribution of additional offenders, including lipids, is not understood. Cellular bioenergetics can be influenced by both diabetes and hyperlipidemia and play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of adult cardiovascular disease. This study investigated whether a maternal high-fat diet, independently or additively with diabetes, could impair fuel metabolism, mitochondrial function, and cardiac physiology in the developing offspring's heart. Sprague-Dawley rats fed a control or high-fat diet were administered placebo or streptozotocin to induce diabetes during pregnancy and then delivered offspring from four groups: control, diabetes exposed, diet exposed, and combination exposed. Cardiac function, cellular bioenergetics (mitochondrial stress test, glycolytic stress test, and palmitate oxidation assay), lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial histology, and copy number were determined. Diabetes-exposed offspring had impaired glycolytic and respiratory capacity and a reduced proton leak. High-fat diet-exposed offspring had increased mitochondrial copy number, increased lipid peroxidation, and evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction. Combination-exposed pups were most severely affected and demonstrated cardiac lipid droplet accumulation and diastolic/systolic cardiac dysfunction that mimics that of adult diabetic cardiomyopathy. This study is the first to demonstrate that a maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancies through metabolic stress and serves as a critical step in understanding the role of cellular bioenergetics in developmentally programmed cardiac disease.
Association between white blood cell count and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study from a tertiary hospital in China.; OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to clarify the relationship between white blood cell (WBC) and adverse pregnancy outcomes. DESIGN: A total of 25 270 pregnant women underwent peripheral blood white blood cell count tests in the first, second and third trimesters. Adverse pregnancy outcomes were gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, caesarean delivery, macrosomia and fetal distress. Due to acute infectious disease or other diseases, 1127 were excluded. SETTING: Minhang Hospital, China. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 24 143 pregnant women were included in this study. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was the adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: For the 24 143 participants, we calculated adjusted ORs for adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with an increased WBC count. For gestational hypertension, the ORs were 1.18 (95% CI, 1.05 to 1.24) in the first trimester and 1.10 (1.06 to 1.13) in the second trimester; for pre-eclampsia, ORs were 1.14 (95% CI, 1.47 to 1.64) in the first trimester and 1.10 (1.05 to 1.16) in the second trimester; for gestational diabetes mellitus, ORs were 1.06 (95% CI, 1.00 to 1.13) in the first trimester and 1.10 (1.04 to 1.16) in the second trimester; for preterm birth, ORs were 1.12 (95% CI, 1.06 to 1.18) in the first trimester, 1.10 (1.06 to 1.13) in the second trimester and 1.12 (1.09 to 1.15) in the third trimester; for low birth weight, ORs were 1.09 (95% CI, 1.02 to 1.17) in the first trimester, 1.03 (0.99 to 1.08) in the second trimester and 1.12 (1.08 to 1.16) in the third trimester. Significant associations were not observed obviously for caesarean delivery, macrosomia and fetal distress. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate strong, continuous associations of maternal WBC count with increased risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Long-term effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring.; BACKGROUND: Many epidemiological and experimental studies have proven that some adult diseases might have their origin in fetal life. It has been also hypothesized that intra-uterine environment in pregnancy complicated with diabetes might influence the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. OBJECTIVES: To assess glucose metabolism, insulin secretion, and prevalence of obesity in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the relationship between maternal metabolic control during pregnancy and metabolic disturbances in children. SUBJECTS: Children of mothers with PGDM (n = 43) and GDM (n = 34) were examined at 4-9 yr of age and compared with the control group (n = 108; metabolic parameters available for n = 29). METHODS: The incidence of overweight and obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, and insulin resistance were analyzed based on anthropometric and biochemical measurements. Statistical analysis was performed with statistica package. RESULTS: In children of GDM mothers, body mass index z-score (0.81 +/- 1.01 vs. -0.04 +/- 1.42 PGDM vs. 0.07 +/- 1.28 control group) and insulin resistance indices (homeostasis model assessment index - insulin resistance 1.112 vs. 0.943 PGDM vs. 0.749 control group) were significantly higher than in other groups. Obesity and insulin resistance were also most frequent in GDM group [not significant (NS)]. In addition, we observed the relationship between maternal hemoglobin A1c and mean glycemia in perinatal period and insulin resistance in children. There was not such correlation for the class of maternal diabetes. CONCLUSION: Children born to mothers with gestational diabetes seem to be at risk for obesity and metabolic disturbances.
Maternal glycoregulation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus in the prediction of fetal echography findings and perinatal outcomes.; AIM: We aimed to determine maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels and pregestational body mass index (BMI) as the predictors of glycemic control and its importance for fetal echography findings and perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: Our intention was to evaluate how BMI and HbA1c levels might be used to predict fetal interventricular septum (IVS) thickness, atrioventricular inflow early diastole (E)/ atrial systole (A) velocity ratio, and perinatal outcomes. Patients in the 38th gestational week were divided into three groups according to their insulin therapy: (i) patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated only with dietary changes (GDM group, n = 32); (ii) patients with GDM treated with insulin therapy (DM2 group, n = 27); and (iii) patients with type 1 DM (DM1 group, n = 22). RESULTS: In the DM1 group, we found statistically significant correlations between BMI and IVS thickness (P = 0.036), HbA1c and IVS thickness, as well as the mitral E/A velocity ratio (P = 0.013 vs P = 0.007). In this group, HbA1c showed a statistically significant correlation to neonatal birth weight (P = 0.037) and BMI influenced on appearance respiratory distress syndrome in neonates in DM1 group (P = 0.027). The values of HbA1c predict neonatal respiratory distress syndrome in DM2 and GDM groups (P = 0.036). CONCLUSION: As good predictors of maternal glycoregulation, BMI and HbA1c levels determine fetal echography findings as well as neonatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by DM.
Comparison of maternal morbidity and medical costs during pregnancy and delivery between patients with gestational diabetes and patients with pre-existing diabetes.; AIMS: To evaluate the effects of gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes on maternal morbidity and medical costs, using data from the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. METHODS: Delivery cases in 2010, 2011 and 2012 (459 842, 442 225 and 380 431 deliveries) were extracted from the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service database. The complications and medical costs were compared among the following three pregnancy groups: normal, gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. RESULTS: Although, the rates of pre-existing diabetes did not fluctuate (2.5, 2.4 and 2.7%) throughout the study, the rate of gestational diabetes steadily increased (4.6, 6.2 and 8.0%). Furthermore, the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased in conjunction with maternal age, pre-existing hypertension and cases of multiple pregnancy. The risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, urinary tract infections, premature delivery, liver disease and chronic renal disease were greater in the gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes groups than in the normal group. The risk of venous thromboembolism, antepartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia and placenta disorder were greater in the pre-existing diabetes group, but not the gestational diabetes group, compared with the normal group. The medical costs associated with delivery, the costs during pregnancy and the number of in-hospital days for the subjects in the pre-existing diabetes group were the highest among the three groups. CONCLUSIONS: The study showed that the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased with maternal age at pregnancy and were associated with increases in medical costs and pregnancy-related complications.
Maternal arterial stiffness in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate whether maternal arterial stiffness is altered in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes compared to normoglycemic women. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a cross-sectional study involving 34 women with GDM and their controls (n = 34), and 34 women with type 2 diabetes and their controls (n = 34). Maternal arterial stiffness was assessed using applanation tonometry. RESULTS: In patients with GDM, compared to their controls, augmentation index (a measure of arterial wave reflection) was higher (13.1 +/- 8.9% vs 0.7 +/- 11.4%; P < .001) and pulse wave velocity (PWV) (arterial stiffness of the carotid-femoral) was marginally increased (6 +/- 1.5 vs 5.4 +/- 0.6 m/s; P = .07). In type 2 diabetics, compared to their controls, both augmentation index and PWV were increased (11.5 +/- 11.4% vs 3.3 +/- 12.5%; P = .006, and 6.8 +/- 1.2 vs 5.6 +/- 1 m/s; P < .001). When all groups were considered together, there was a significant trend of increasing augmentation index (P = .001) and PWV (P < .001) from controls to those with GDM to type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies complicated by GDM and type 2 diabetes are associated with increased maternal arterial stiffness.
Impaired vasocontractile responses to adenosine in chorionic vessels of human term placenta from pregnant women with pre-existing and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: There is clinical and experimental evidence for altered adenosine signalling in the fetoplacental circulation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, leading to adenosine accumulation in the placenta. However, the consequence for fetoplacental vasocontractility is unclear. This study examined contractility to adenosine of chorionic vessels from type 1 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus and normal pregnancies. METHODS: Chorionic arteries and veins were isolated from human placenta from normal, gestational diabetes mellitus and type 1 diabetes mellitus pregnancies. Isometric tension recording measured responses to adenosine and the thromboxane A(2) analogue U46619 (thromboxane A(2) mediates fetoplacental vasoconstriction to adenosine). Adenosine and thromboxane prostanoid receptor protein expression was determined by immunoblotting. RESULTS: Adenosine elicited contractions in chorionic arteries and veins which were impaired in both gestational diabetes mellitus and type 1 diabetes mellitus. Contractions to potassium chloride were unchanged. Adenosine A(2A) and A(2B) receptor protein levels were not different in gestational diabetes mellitus and normal pregnancies. Contractions to U46619 were unaltered in gestational diabetes mellitus arteries and increased in type 1 diabetes mellitus arteries. Overnight storage of vessels restored contractility to adenosine in gestational diabetes mellitus arteries and normalized contraction to U46619 in type 1 diabetes mellitus arteries. CONCLUSION: These data are consistent with the concept of aberrant adenosine signalling in diabetes; they show for the first time that this involves impaired adenosine contractility of the fetoplacental vasculature.
Increased retinal vascular tortuosity in gestational diabetes mellitus.; The authors report the first study which demonstrates that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have increased tortuosity of their retinal vessels. Women with GDM underwent fundus photography and were compared with a normal control group (NC) and a pregnant nondiabetic control group (PC). Five ophthalmologists evaluated the unlabeled photographs, resulting in a combined mean prevalence of tortuosity of 21.6% NC, 24.7% PC, and 60.3% GDM. Statistical analysis showed that the GDM group was significantly different from both the NC and PC groups. Tortuosity was unrelated to acute elevation in blood glucose and was still present at 5 months postpartum.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction is not associated with a history of reproductive risk factors in women with angina pectoris-An iPOWER substudy.; BACKGROUND: Reproductive risk factors such as preeclampsia and recurrent miscarriages have been associated with adverse cardiovascular (CV) events. Underlying coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) may be a common denominator. PURPOSE: We investigated whether a history of reproductive risk factors was associated with CMD in women with angina pectoris and no obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). METHODS: Participants from the iPOWER study, including women with angina pectoris and no obstructive CAD (<50% stenosis), were invited to complete an electronic survey regarding reproductive risk factors: recurrent miscarriages, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, rhesus immunity, polycystic ovary syndrome and menopausal status as well as migraine and Raynaud phenomenon. CMD was assessed by transthoracic Doppler echocardiography with measurement of coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) during high-dose dipyridamole infusion, and analyzed in three categories with cut-off points at 2.0 and 2.5. Associations between CFVR and a history of reproductive risk factors were examined by age-adjusted trend test. RESULTS: The questionnaire was completed by 613 women (73% of those invited), of whom 550 had a successful CFVR measurement. There was no significant difference in baseline characteristics between participants and non-participants. Median (interquartile range (IQR)) age was 62.8 (54.8; 68.7) years, median (IQR) BMI 26.2 (23.2; 29.8) kg/m(2), and 81.5% were postmenopausal. We did not find any significant associations between any of the reproductive risk factors, Raynaud's phenomenon or migraine and CFVR. CONCLUSION: The lack of association between coronary microvascular function and a history of reproductive risk factors, migraine and Raynaud's phenomenon suggests that a common vascular pathophysiological mechanism underlying these conditions is unlikely.
Altered development of fetal liver perfusion in pregnancies with pregestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Pregestational diabetes is associated with fetal macrosomia, and umbilical perfusion of the fetal liver has a role in regulating fetal growth. We therefore hypothesized that pregestational diabetes alters fetal liver blood flow depending on degree of glycemic control. METHODS: In a prospective study, 49 women with pregestational diabetes underwent monthly ultrasound examinations during 24-36 gestational weeks. Blood flow was determined in the umbilical vein, ductus venosus and portal vein, and blood velocity was measured in the left portal vein, the latter reflecting the watershed between splanchnic and umbilical flow. The measurements were compared with reference values by z-score statistics, and the effect of HbA1c assessed. RESULTS: The umbilical venous flow to the liver (z-score 0.36, p = 0.002), total venous liver flow (z-score 0.51, p<0.001) and left portal vein blood velocity (z-score 0.64, p<0.001), were higher in the study group. Normalized portal venous flow was lower (z-score -0.42, p = 0.002), and normalized total venous liver flow tended to be lower after 30 gestational weeks (z-score -0.54, p = 0.047) in the diabetic pregnancies compared with reference values from a low-risk population. The left portal vein blood velocity was positively, and the portal fraction of total venous liver flow negatively correlated with first trimester HbA1C. CONCLUSIONS: In spite of increased umbilical blood distribution to the fetal liver, graded according to glycemic control, the total venous liver flow did not match third trimester fetal growth in pregnancies with pregestational diabetes, thus contributing towards increased perinatal risks and possibly altered liver function with long-term metabolic consequences.
Neonates of diabetic mothers: The starting point for developing novel therapeutic approaches to ischemic heart and brain?; Diabetes mellitus represents the most common medical condition causing complications during pregnancy. However, there is still some controversy surrounding complications. Maternal hyperglycemia leads to fetal hyperglycemia. Offspring of diabetic mothers compensate excess glucose concentrations by producing higher levels of insulin causing transient hyperinsulinemia. Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for congenital cardiac malformations, of which 40% are with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. However, regardless of severity, cardiac hypertrophy is transient with echocardiographic resolution within the first months after birth. Neonates of diabetic mothers are more likely to suffer from macrosomia that predisposes the infant to birth asphyxia brain damage. However, there is no evidence for an increase in the incidence of brain injury from perinatal asphyxia in macrosomic babies of diabetic mothers in comparison to macrosomic newborns of non-diabetic mothers. We hypothesize that infants of diabetic mother may represent the starting point for developing novel approaches to the treatment and prevention of obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, AMI and stroke at every age.
Correlation between newborn weight and serum BCAAs in pregnant women with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs), including leucine, isoleucine, and valine, are essential amino acids for mammals. Maternal BCAAs during pregnancy have been associated with newborn development. Meanwhile, BCAAs have been tightly linked with insulin resistance and diabetes in recent years. Diabetes in pregnancy is a common metabolic disorder. The current study aims to assess the circulating BCAA levels in pregnant women with diabetes and their relationship with neonatal development. METHODS: The serum concentrations of BCAAs and their corresponding branched-chain α-keto acids (BCKAs) catabolites in 33 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance, 16 pregnant women with type 2 diabetes before pregnancy (PDGM), and 15 pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were determined using a liquid chromatography system coupled to a mass spectrometer. The data were tested for normal distribution and homogeneity of variance before statistical analysis. Correlations were computed with the Pearson correlation coefficient. RESULTS: The maternal serum BCAAs and BCKAs levels during late pregnancy were higher in women with PGDM than those in healthy women. Meanwhile, the circulating BCAAs and BCKAs showed no significant changes in women with GDM compared with those in healthy pregnant women. Furthermore, the circulating BCAA and BCKA levels in women with PGDM were positively correlated with the weight of the newborn. The circulating leucine level in women with GDM was positively correlated with the weight of the newborn. BCAA and BCKA levels in healthy pregnant women showed no correlation with newborn weight. CONCLUSIONS: The serum BCAAs in pregnant women with diabetes, which was elevated in PGDM but not GDM, were positively correlated with newborn weight. These findings highlight potential approaches for early identification of high-risk individuals and interventions to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Recent studies on neural tube defects in embryos of diabetic pregnancy: an overview.; Maternal diabetes develops in 2-6% of total pregnancies, depending on geographical and ethnic background. About 10% of fetuses from diabetic pregnancy display congenital malformations in various organ systems including cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, genitourinary and neurological systems, among which the neural tube defects (NTDs) such as anencephaly, holoprosencephaly and syntelencephaly were more frequently demonstrated. Recent studies by the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial Research Group show that tight glycemic control early in pregnancy decreases the progression of a number of diabetic complications. However, it appears that the pre-existing tissue damage cannot be reversed even after normoglycemic levels are achieved during pregnancy. In recent years, considerable efforts have been made to investigate the etiology of birth defects among infants of diabetic mothers. It has been shown that diabetes-induced fetal abnormalities are accompanied by some metabolic disturbances including elevated superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity, reduced levels of myoinositol and arachidonic acid and inhibition of the pentose phosphate shunt pathway. Moreover, the frequency of fetal malformations in diabetic pregnancy has been reported to be markedly reduced by dietary supplements of antioxidants such as vitamin E, vitamin C and butylated hy- droxytoluene, suggesting that oxidative stress is involved in the etiology of fetal dysmorphogenesis. Furthermore, several experimental studies have shown that NTDs in embryos of diabetic mice are associated with altered expression of genes, which control development of the neural tube. In this review, recent findings of possible molecular mechanisms which cause morphological changes during neural tube development in embryos of diabetic pregnancy are discussed.
Fetal surveillance and timing of delivery in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus.; Protocols for antepartum fetal assessment in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus are an important part of a care program that allows most of these pregnancies to reach term, ensuring fetal maturation. Maternal assessment of fetal activity serves as an efficient screening test in most surveillance programs. These programs have used primarily biophysical testing consisting of the nonstress test, cardiac stress test, or biophysical profile. Doppler studies have been investigated as an adjunct for identifying fetal compromise. These studies may prove most valuable in cases of maternal vascular disease. The success of these protocols continues to be predicated on careful regulation of maternal glycemia through aggressive therapy with insulin and diet. Reassuring tests of fetal condition are present in most diabetic women and, therefore, permit fetal maturation to occur prior to delivery.
Gestational diabetes versus obesity as risk factors for pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders and fetal macrosomia.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether obesity and/or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are independent risk factors for fetal macrosomia and/or pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders. DESIGN: Retrospective computerised database review. SETTING: Lyell McEwin Health Service, South Australia. SAMPLE: All nulliparous women delivering singleton babies in the years 1999 and 2000 MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Birth weights, the occurrence of fetal macrosomia, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were compared between 258 normoglycaemic women (control group), 76 women with only an abnormal glucose challenge test, and 51 women with GDM. RESULTS: Only GDM with fasting hyperglycaemia is a risk factor for macrosomia (risk ratio: 3.3 95% confidence limits 1.229-8.736). Smoking is associated with a decrease in the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders. CONCLUSIONS: Our data strongly suggest that GDM and obesity are not independent risk factors for pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders.
Characterization of fetal cardiac structure and function detected by echocardiography in women with normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To assess fetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancy and in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using echocardiography measurements. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 169 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and in 92 complicated by GDM. Maternal glycemic control was deemed adequate in 75 women and inadequate in 17. Fetal two-dimensional ultrasound, pulsed wave Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were used to assess cardiac walls thickness and cardiac function, both systolic [with ejection fraction (EF)] and diastolic [using early diastolic peak flow velocity (E)/late peak of diastolic velocity (A) and early diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea)/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Aa) ratios]. RESULTS: In normal pregnancies, fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum thickness increased progressively with advancing gestation and were significantly thicker in the presence of GDM (P < 0.001) independently of maternal glycemic control. Fetal cardiac systolic function indicated by EF did not change during normal pregnancy, but was significantly increased (P < 0.001) in the presence of GDM independently of maternal glycemic control. Both pulsed wave Doppler and TDI indicators of fetal diastolic cardiac function increased during normal pregnancy, reaching a maximum at 36 to 40 weeks of gestation (P < 0.001). The presence of GDM did not affect pulsed wave Doppler indicators of diastolic function [ratio of early/late diastolic peak flow velocity (E/A ratio)], whereas TDI indices [ratio of early/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea/Aa ratio)] were significantly lower after adjustment for gestational age and estimated fetal weight (EFW); and such changes were independent of maternal diabetic control (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Fetal cardiac wall thickness, cardiac systolic and diastolic functions are affected by GDM independently of glycemic control.
Use of the National Diabetes Data Group and the Carpenter-Coustan criteria for assessing gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of adverse pregnancy outcome.; BACKGROUND: The influence of different diagnostic thresholds for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on pregnancy outcomes is not fully understood. Degrees of glucose intolerance according to the Carpenter-Coustan (CC) criteria were less severe than the National Diabetes Data Group (NDDG) criteria for GDM. Recent studies have shown inconsistent results regarding the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between the NDDG and CC criteria. Therefore, the objective of this study was to investigate whether pregnant women who met only the CC criteria but not the NDDG criteria and those who met the NDDG criteria had increased risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes compared to a negative screening group. METHODS: A total of 11,486 Taiwanese pregnancies were enrolled in a retrospective cohort study. The study subjects were classified as follows: (1) negative screening group: women with negative 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT) results, (2) false-positive screening group: women with positive GCT results and negative 100-g OGTT results according to both CC and NDDG criteria, (3) CC-only-GDM group: women with positive GCT results plus GDM diagnosis meeting the CC but not the NDDG criteria, and (4) NDDG-GDM group: women diagnosed with GDM using the NDDG criteria. Multiple mixed effects logistic regression analysis was used to examine the relationships between the groups and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: There were 9002 (78.4 %), 1776 (15.5 %), 251 (2.2 %), and 457 (4.0 %) study pregnancies in the 4 groups. Compared with the negative screening group, the maternal outcomes were not different within groups except for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. For neonatal outcomes, the CC-only-GDM group had significantly greater risks of macrosomia, low birth weight, and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit [adjusted odds ratio (aOR), (95 % confidence interval, CI): 2.73 (1.18-6.31), 1.64 (1.01-2.64), and 1.61 (1.05-2.46), respectively]. The NDDG-GDM group also showed significantly greater risks, and the false-positive screening group showed no differences from the negative screening group. CONCLUSION: Women who met only the CC criteria and women who met NDDG criteria had significant increased risks of adverse neonatal outcomes. This evidence adds important information to the current debate about the diagnostic criteria for GDM regarding pregnancy outcomes.
Relationship between gestational fasting plasma glucose and neonatal birth weight, prenatal blood pressure and dystocia in pregnant Chinese women.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about the optimal cut-off point of fasting plasma glucose for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus for pregnant Chinese women. This study investigates the relationship between gestational fasting plasma glucose and several variables: neonatal birth weight, prenatal blood pressure and dystocia rate of pregnant women. In this study, we hoped to provide a useful tool to screen gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant Chinese women. METHODS: For 1058 pregnant women enrolled in our hospital at pregnancy weeks 22-30, fasting plasma glucose, neonatal birth weight and prenatal blood pressure, as well as dystocia conditions, were examined. We analysed the correlations between the following: gestational fasting plasma glucose and neonatal birth weight; prenatal blood pressure and gestational fasting plasma glucose as well as dystocia rate and gestational fasting plasma glucose group. RESULTS: A modest correlation was observed between gestational fasting plasma glucose and neonatal birth weight (r = 0.093, p = 0.003). The macrosomia rate was smallest when the gestational fasting plasma glucose was in the range 3.51-5.5 mmol/L. Prenatal blood pressure increased linearly with increasing gestational fasting plasma glucose (p = 0.000). There was a significant difference between the dystocia rates in different fasting plasma glucose groups (chi-squared = 13.015, p = 0.043). The results showed that the dystocia rate significantly increased when gestational fasting plasma glucose was >4.9 mmol/L; p = 0.03, OR = 2.156 (95% CI, 1.077-4.318). CONCLUSION: We suggest that the optimal range of gestational fasting plasma glucose for pregnant Chinese women is in the range 3.5-4.9 mmol/L.
The fetal cerebro-placental ratio in diabetic pregnancies is influenced more by the umbilical artery rather than middle cerebral artery pulsatility index.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the relationship between the cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) and intrapartum and perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by pre-existing insulin dependent diabetes (pT1DM) mellitus, pre-existing non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (pT2DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of 1281 women with diabetes mellitus birthing at the Mater Mothers' Hospital in Brisbane between 2007 and 2015. The CPR in non-anomalous singleton fetuses was measured between 34+0 and 36+6 weeks gestation and compared between types of DM treatment groups and correlated with intrapartum and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: Of the study cohort, 9.7% (124/1281) had pT1DM, 5.3% (68/1281) had pT2DM and 85.0% (1089/1281) had GDM. Of women with pT2DM and GDM, 61.8% (42/68) and 28.9% (315/1089) respectively, required insulin during pregnancy. Women with pT1DM had an increased odds of having a CPR <5th centile (OR 3.73, 95%CI: 1.90-6.96, p=0.0001) or a CPR <10th centile (OR 3.01, 95% CI: 1.80-4.91, p<0.0001) respectively. The odds of a UA PI >90th centile (OR 2.69, 95% CI: 1.60-4.39, p=0.0001) was higher in the pT1DM cohort. There was however no significant difference in the mean MCA PI between the three groups. Stratification by CPR centiles (<10th centile vs. ≥10th centile) demonstrated a lower birth weight in the CPR <10th centile cohort for all DM categories. The proportion of neonates with birth weights <10th centile were higher in the CPR <10th centile cohort with the GDM cohort having an odds ratio of 8.28 (95% CI 4.22-16.13, p<0.0001) of this complication. The CPR <10th centile cohort also had a greater proportion of adverse composite neonatal outcome regardless of type of DM. CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of the type of DM, a low CPR was associated with poorer neonatal outcomes. Women with pT1DM also had the highest mean UA PI and lowest mean CPR despite no difference in the mean MCA PI between the three groups.
Use of fetal echocardiography for characterization of fetal cardiac structure in women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To assess fetal cardiac structure and function and to evaluate the efficacy of routine fetal echocardiography for detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities in women with normal pregnancies and those with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: In this prospective study, we studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 294 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and 302 pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes. Fetal echocardiography (2-dimensional sonography and pulsed wave Doppler imaging) was used to assess functional parameters and to detect any cardiac structural abnormality. Data from clinical and echocardiographic evaluations of neonates at birth and 3 months were obtained to confirm the antenatal findings. RESULTS: The mean maternal age ± SD was 28.9 ± 5.0 years in the diabetes group and was comparable to that of women with normal pregnancies. The mean hemoglobin A1c value was 6.3%, and the mean body mass index was 28.0 kg/m(2). The systolic function as assessed by the ejection fraction increased significantly in the diabetes group compared to the normal pregnancy group independent of glycemic control (P < .001). The pulsed wave parameters (early diastolic peak flow velocity and early-to-late diastolic peak flow velocity ratio) were significantly different between the groups (P < .001). The interventricular septum and fetal ventricular wall thicknesses were significantly increased in the presence of gestational diabetes (P < .001). No major fetal cardiac structural anomaly was detected in either group. On follow-up after delivery, all neonates were assessed clinically and by transthoracic echocardiography to rule out congenital defects. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, significant increases in the interventricular septum and ventricular wall thicknesses were detected in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus. Interestingly, none of the neonates of pregnant women with gestational diabetes were found to have echocardiographic evidence of congenital heart disease.
Cord blood metabolic markers are strong mediators of the effect of maternal adiposity on fetal growth in pregnancies across the glucose tolerance spectrum: the PANDORA study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We aimed to assess associations between cord blood metabolic markers and fetal overgrowth, and whether cord markers mediated the impact of maternal adiposity on neonatal anthropometric outcomes among children born to Indigenous and Non-Indigenous Australian women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: From the Pregnancy and Neonatal Outcomes in Remote Australia (PANDORA) study, an observational cohort of 1135 mother-baby pairs, venous cord blood was available for 645 singleton babies (49% Indigenous Australian) of women with NGT (n = 129), GDM (n = 419) and type 2 diabetes (n = 97). Cord glucose, triacylglycerol, HDL-cholesterol, C-reactive protein (CRP) and C-peptide were measured. Multivariable logistic and linear regression were used to assess the associations between cord blood metabolic markers and the outcomes of birthweight z score, sum of skinfold thickness (SSF), being large for gestational age (LGA) and percentage of body fat. Pathway analysis assessed whether cord markers mediated the associations between maternal and neonatal adiposity. RESULTS: Elevated cord C-peptide was significantly associated with increasing birthweight z score (β 0.57 [95% CI 0.42, 0.71]), SSF (β 0.83 [95% CI 0.41, 1.25]), percentage of body fat (β 1.20 [95% CI 0.69, 1.71]) and risk for LGA [OR 3.14 [95% CI 2.11, 4.68]), after adjusting for age, ethnicity and diabetes type. Cord triacylglycerol was negatively associated with birthweight z score for Indigenous Australian women only. No associations between cord glucose, HDL-cholesterol and CRP >0.3 mg/l (2.9 nmol/l) with neonatal outcomes were observed. C-peptide mediated 18% (95% CI 13, 36) of the association of maternal BMI with LGA and 11% (95% CI 8, 17) of the association with per cent neonatal fat. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Cord blood C-peptide is an important mediator of the association between maternal and infant adiposity, across the spectrum of maternal glucose tolerance.
Interpregnancy weight change and risk for adverse perinatal outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between interpregnancy weight change and the risk for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: All live-born singleton births delivered at 21-42 weeks of gestation in women who had their first two consecutive births between 2009 and 2011 in Flanders (the northern part of Belgium) and who were included in the Study Center for Perinatal Epidemiology database (N=7,897) were included. Interpregnancy weight change was calculated as the difference between the prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) of the first pregnancy and the prepregnancy BMI of the second pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis to predict gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, cesarean delivery, macrosomia (4,000 g or greater), low birth weight (less than 2,500 g), and congenital malformations were performed. RESULTS: The adjusted odds ratio (OR) for gestational diabetes mellitus was 2.25 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.33-3.78; P=.002) for interpregnancy weight retention of 2 or more BMI units, and the adjusted OR for pregnancy-induced hypertension was 3.76 (95% CI 2.16-6.57; P<.001) with an increase of 3 or more BMI units between pregnancies, but these associations were only present in underweight and normal-weight women. In overweight and obese women, the adjusted OR was 2.04 (95% CI 1.41-2.95; P<.001) for cesarean delivery for an interpregnancy weight retention of 2 or more BMI units. In underweight and normal-weight women, the risk for macrosomia was halved if women lost more than 1 BMI unit between pregnancies, but at the same time, the risk for low birth weight doubled. CONCLUSION: We show that weight retention between the first and second pregnancy is associated with an increased risk for perinatal complications, even in underweight and normal-weight women. Stabilizing interpregnancy weight appears an important target for reducing adverse perinatal outcomes in a second pregnancy. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Comparison of pregnancy outcomes between women with gestational diabetes and overt diabetes first diagnosed in pregnancy: a retrospective multi-institutional study in Japan.; AIMS: To determine differences in pregnancy outcomes including diabetic complications, maternal and perinatal complications between gestational diabetes mellitus and overt diabetes in pregnancy in Japan. METHODS: A multi-institutional retrospective study compared pregnancy outcomes between gestational diabetes mellitus and overt diabetes in pregnancy. We examined pregnant women who met the former criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus and received dietary intervention with self-monitoring of blood glucose with or without insulin. Overt diabetes in pregnancy was defined as ≥2 abnormal values on 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, fasting glucose ≥126 mg/dl (7.0 mmol/l) and 2-h postprandial glucose ≥200 mg/dl (11.1 mmol/l), or glycated hemoglobin levels ≥6.5% (48 mmol/mol). RESULTS: Data were collected on 1267 women with gestational diabetes and 348 with overt diabetes in pregnancy. Pregestational body mass index was higher (26.2 ± 6.1 vs. 24.9 ± 5.7 kg, P<0.05) and gestational age at delivery was earlier (37.8 ± 2.5 weeks vs. 38.1 ± 2.1 weeks, P<0.05) in overt diabetes than in gestational diabetes. Glycated hemoglobin (6.8 ± 1.1% [51 mmol/mol] vs. 5.8 ± 0.5% [40 mmol/mol], P<0.05) and glucose on 75-g oral glucose tolerance test and prevalence of retinopathy (1.2% vs. 0%, P<0.05) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (10.1% vs. 6.1%, P<0.05) were higher in overt diabetes than in gestational diabetes. Pregnancy-induced hypertension was associated with pregestational body mass index, gestational weight gain, chronic hypertension, and nulliparity but not with 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. CONCLUSIONS: Overt diabetes in pregnancy is significantly associated with maternal complications such as retinopathy and pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Differences in post-mortem findings after stillbirth in women with and without diabetes.; AIMS: The reason for the fivefold increased risk of stillbirth in women with diabetes is not known. Further understanding of the underlying mechanisms may facilitate identification of pregnancies at increased risk. We have compared post-mortem reports in matched pairs of stillbirths in women with and without diabetes. METHODS: Post-mortem reports were provided by the Centre for Maternal and Child Enquiries. Stillbirths as a result of lethal congenital and genetic abnormalities were excluded. Whole body, placenta and organ weights and histo-pathological findings in cases and controls were compared and also related to published reference values. RESULTS: We analysed post-mortem reports on 23 matched pairs of stillbirths from 2009 to 2010. Mean placental weight in women with diabetes was 75 g less than in control subjects (95% CI -143 to -7 g; P = 0.032). In maternal diabetes, the thymus was often small and showed a 'starry sky' pattern on histology in 11 of 20 cases compared with four of 22 controls (P = 0.03). This histological finding was associated with a particularly low mean placental weight z-score -2.1 (1.1) standard deviations below a reference population corrected for gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: In over half of the stillbirths occurring in women with diabetes, there was a 'starry sky' appearance in the fetal thymus on histology, this being associated with a small placenta. These findings are consistent with a critical subacute metabolic disturbance being a prominent cause of the increased risk of stillbirth in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes.
Descriptive epidemiology of non-syndromic complete atrioventricular canal defects.; BACKGROUND: Complete atrioventricular canal defects (CAVC) are a common heart defect, but few epidemiologic studies have evaluated non-syndromic CAVC. Risk factors for non-syndromic CAVC have not been well established. METHODS: To assess the relationship between risk for non-syndromic CAVC in offspring and several sociodemographic and reproductive parental factors, including maternal diabetes and obesity, we conducted Poisson regression analyses, using data ascertained through the Texas Birth Defects Registry, a large, population-based birth defects registry. Data were evaluated for 563 non-syndromic cases with CAVC. RESULTS: Significant associations were observed between non-syndromic CAVC in offspring and maternal pregestational diabetes (adjusted prevalence ratio (aPR) 6.74; 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.67, 12.37), gestational diabetes (aPR 1.69; 95% CI 1.03, 2.79) and obesity (aPR 1.69; 95% CI 1.24, 2.30). CONCLUSIONS:  Our findings add non-syndromic CAVC to the growing list of birth defects that appear to be associated with maternal diabetes and obesity.
Positivity thresholds of HbA1c assay as a screening test for diabetes mellitus in the first trimester in high-risk populations.; OBJECTIVE: Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are associated with increased risks of preeclampsia, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, and irreversible brachial plexus injury (BPI). Compared to the conventional second trimester oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), screening with the HbA1c assay in the first trimester with a diagnostic second trimester OGTT has been shown to diagnose more cases of T2DM and GDM earlier. Our study examined the effect of treatment based on varied positivity thresholds in high-risk pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: A decision analysis model was created using TreeAge 2016 software to compare the outcomes of screening with an HbA1C in the first trimester verses no first trimester screening, with positivity thresholds ranging from 5.9 to 6.4%. Outcomes examined included neonatal mortality, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, cerebral palsy, macrosomia, permanent BPI, cost, and quality adjusted life years (QALYs) of the mother and neonate. Probabilities, utilities, and costs were derived from the literature, and a cost-effectiveness threshold was set at $100,000/QALY. Univariate analyses were used to investigate the impact of screening positivity. RESULTS: First trimester screening was not cost-effective with an incremental cost effectiveness ratio of 5.87 when compared to screening with a positivity threshold of 6.4%. In a theoretical cohort of one million pregnancies, a screening threshold of 5.9% was the most cost-effective strategy. This strategy resulted in 2.999 million more QALYs, one less neonatal death, 346 fewer cases of preeclampsia, 66 less preterm deliveries, one less instance of cerebral palsy, and 615 fewer cases of macrosomia with nine less PBI cases. The 5.9% threshold provided an overall cost savings of $29.72 million. CONCLUSIONS: Screening for diabetes in high risk pregnancies with the HbA1c assay in the first trimester is not cost effective compared to no screening; however, if screening is preformed, 5.9% should be used as the positivity threshold for diagnosis and treatment. BRIEF RATIONALE: With the increasing prevalence of diabetes mellitus among high-risk women in the USA, screening during pregnancy has become more important than ever. As a laboratory test, the HbA1c is relatively simple to obtain clinically, inexpensive, and its use has been well documented in the diagnosis and management of diabetes. However, there is limited data on its use in pregnancy and in particular during the first trimester. We sought to characterize the cost-effectiveness of screening with an HbA1c assay at various positivity thresholds for gestational diabetes mellitus and pre-existing type 2 diabetes in high-risk pregnancies in the first trimester. We found that this screening strategy is not cost-effective compared to no HbA1c in the first trimester and traditional oral glucose tolerance testing in the late second trimester. However, if screening is preformed, a positivity threshold of 5.9% should be used as the positivity threshold for diagnosis and treatment as it is associated with the best outcomes.
Undiagnosed type 2 diabetes during pregnancy is associated with increased perinatal mortality: a large population-based cohort study in Ontario, Canada.; AIM: To compare perinatal outcomes in women with undiagnosed diabetes with gestational diabetes alone, pre-existing diabetes and women without diabetes, and to identify risk factors which distinguish them from women with gestational diabetes alone. METHODS: This population-based cohort study included administrative data on all women who gave birth in Ontario, Canada, during 2002-2015. Maternal/neonatal outcomes were compared across groups using logistic regression, adjusting for confounders. A nested case control study compared women with undiagnosed type 2 diabetes with women with gestational diabetes alone to determine risk factors that would help identify these women. RESULTS: Among 995 990 women, 68 163 had gestational diabetes (6.8%) and, of those women with gestational diabetes,1772 had undiagnosed type 2 diabetes (2.6%). Those with undiagnosed type 2 diabetes were more likely to be older, from a lower income area, have parity > 3 and BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2) compared with gestational diabetes alone. Infants had a higher risk of perinatal mortality (OR 2.3 [1.6-3.4]), preterm birth (OR 2.6 [2.3-2.9]), congenital anomalies (OR 2.1 [1.7-2.5]), neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 3.1 [2.8-3.5]) and neonatal hypoglycaemia (OR 406.0 [357-461]), which were similar to women with pre-existing diabetes. The strongest predictive risk factors included early gestational diabetes diagnosis, previous gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes who develop diabetes within 1 year postpartum are at higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including perinatal mortality. This highlights the need for earlier diagnosis, preferably pre-pregnancy, and more aggressive treatment and surveillance of suspected type 2 diabetes during pregnancy.
Overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus or type 1 diabetes.; CONTEXT: In animal studies, exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia increases the risk of cardiovascular disease through only partly understood epigenetic mechanisms. Human long-term follow-up studies on the same topic are few. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to study the risk of overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or type 1 diabetes, and additionally to study associations between estimates of maternal hyperglycemia and outcome in the offspring. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a follow-up study of 1066 primarily Caucasian women aged 18-27 yr in the Center for Pregnant Women with Diabetes, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. PARTICIPANTS: Offspring of women with diet-treated GDM (n = 168) and an unexposed reference group (n = 141) participated, as well as offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (n = 160) and offspring from the background population representing an unexposed reference group (n = 128). The follow-up rate was 56% (597 of 1066). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Women with body mass index of at least 25 kg/m(2) were considered overweight. The metabolic syndrome was determined by the International Diabetes Federation 2006 criteria. RESULTS: The risk of overweight was doubled in offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes compared with offspring from the background population, whereas the risk of the metabolic syndrome was 4- and 2.5-fold increased, respectively. Offspring risk of the metabolic syndrome increased significantly with increasing maternal fasting blood glucose as well as 2-h blood glucose (during oral glucose tolerance test). CONCLUSIONS: Adult offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes are risk groups for overweight and the metabolic syndrome. Intrauterine hyperglycemia may in addition to genetics and other factors contribute to the pathogenesis of overweight and the metabolic syndrome.
Cost-effectiveness analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus screening in France.; OBJECTIVE: To compare three strategies for gestational diabetes screening (i) screening of high-risk pregnant women with the 50 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT); (ii) screening of all pregnant women with the 50 g OGTT; (iii) screening of all pregnant women according to the 75 g OGTT. STUDY DESIGN: Cost-effectiveness analysis. The outcome measures, i.e. macrosomia, prematurity, perinatal mortality, hypertensive disorders rates were estimated from published studies and the costs from a prospective study involving 120 pregnant women. RESULTS: Compared to the first strategy, the cost to obtain one unit of additional effectiveness with the second screening strategy, was up to 1.1 times more expensive, and with the third strategy was up to 3.7 times more expensive. CONCLUSION: The costs per case prevented reflect a favourable cost-effectiveness ratio (CER) for screening of high-risk pregnant women by 50 g oral glucose test.
Antenatal factors associated with perinatal arterial ischemic stroke.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS) is a common cause of hemiplegic cerebral palsy in children. The diagnosis of PAIS is based on cerebral imaging. The objective of our study was to determine prenatal risk factors associated with PAIS. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was nested in the whole population of Burgundy, France, from January 2000 to December 2007. Case patients were confirmed by review of brain imaging and medical records. Three control subjects per case were randomly selected from the study population by sex, term, place, and year of birth. RESULTS: PAIS was confirmed in 32 patients and its incidence was one per 4400 live births. In comparison to control subjects, clinical conditions significantly associated to cases were gestational diabetes (16.1% versus 4.2%; P=0.04), fetal heart rate abnormalities (35.5% versus 10.9%; P=0.001), and meconium-stained liquor (40% versus 12%; P<0.001). At the limit of statistical significance were found maternal smoking before (39.3% versus 22.9%; P=0.08) and during pregnancy (32.1% versus 16.7%; P=0.07), cord abnormalities (29% versus 14.1%; P=0.06), and cesarean delivery (28.1% versus 14.6%; P=0.08). In the multivariate analysis, maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.8; P=0.04) was the only risk factor significantly associated with PAIS. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to identify maternal smoking during pregnancy as an independent prenatal risk factor of PAIS. Additional prospective studies are needed to confirm this result and to investigate the role of maternal smoking in fetal and neonatal thrombogenesis.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes compared with the general obstetric population.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcome in a homogeneous group of women with glucose intolerance with that of women without this disorder. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of all women with singleton cephalic-presenting pregnancies delivered at University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center during the period January 1, 1991, through December 31, 1995. During this period, women were screened selectively for glucose intolerance and National Diabetes Data Group thresholds were used to diagnose gestational diabetes. Women with class A1 gestational diabetes were compared with nondiabetic women within the cohort. Effects of confounding variables were analyzed using multiple logistic regression and a matched-control comparison. Controls were matched according to ethnicity, maternal age, maternal weight, and parity. RESULTS: A total of 61,209 nondiabetic women with singleton cephalic pregnancies were delivered during the study period, and 874 were diagnosed with class A1 gestational diabetes. Women with class A1 gestational diabetes were significantly older, heavier, of greater parity, and more often of Hispanic ethnicity. Hypertension (17 versus 12%), cesarean delivery (30 versus 17%), and shoulder dystocia (3 versus 1%) were significantly increased (all P < .001) in these women compared with the general obstetric population. Infants born to women with class A1 gestational diabetes were significantly larger (mean birth weight 3581 +/- 616 versus 3290 +/- 546 g, P < .001), and this accounted for the increased incidence of dystocia. The attributable risk for large for gestational age (LGA) infants due to class A1 gestational diabetes was 12%. CONCLUSION: The main consequence of class A1 gestational diabetes is excessive fetal size leading to increased risk of difficult labor and delivery. We estimate that approximately one of eight women with class A1 gestational diabetes mellitus delivers an LGA infant attributable to glucose intolerance.
Coronary artery disease in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of pregnancy (class H): a review of the literature.; Coronary heart disease and myocardial infarction are uncommon complications during pregnancy. Women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) have a much greater risk of serious coronary heart disease, but few cases of myocardial infarctions occurring during pregnancy have been reported. Significant maternal morbidity has been reported in half of these cases. This is a case of a myocardial infarction occurring at 21 weeks of gestation in a patient with class R/F IDDM and the subsequent pregnancy management as well as a review of the literature concerning Class H IDDM in pregnancy.
Fetal cardiac performance in uncomplicated and well-controlled maternal type I diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To study the impact of well-controlled, uncomplicated maternal diabetes on fetal cardiac development and performance. METHODS: The following variables were studied in 45 fetuses of type I diabetic women by means of mid- and late-trimester echocardiography: interventricular septal thickness; aortic and pulmonary valve diameters; peak and time-to-peak flow velocity of the great arteries; the ratio between peak velocities during early (E) and late (A) ventricular filling at the level of the atrioventricular values; ventricular fractional shortenings; and output. The findings were compared to age-matched control groups of normal fetuses. RESULTS: A significant augmentation of interventricular septal thickness was demonstrated for mid-trimester fetuses of diabetic women, which progressed further towards the end of pregnancy. However, the indices of diastolic and systolic function remained comparable between the gestational age-matched groups. CONCLUSION: Progressive myocardial thickening occurs commonly in mid- and late-trimester fetuses of uncomplicated and well-controlled diabetic pregnancies. The observed degree of hypertrophy is generally mild and does not affect age-related changes in fetal cardiac function.
Fetomaternal adrenomedullin levels in diabetic pregnancy.; We investigated whether maternal and fetoplacental adrenomedullin, a newly discovered hypotensive peptide involved in the insulin regulatory system, is modified in diabetic pregnancy. We studied its correlation with pregnancy complications associated with this disease. Thirty-six pregnant women with diabetes (13 with type I and 23 with gestational diabetes mellitus) and in 40 uncomplicated pregnancies were included. 10 out of 36 diabetic pregnancies were complicated by gestational hypertension. In each woman, adrenomedullin concentration in maternal and fetal plasma and in amniotic fluid was assessed by specific radioimmunoassay. We found that overall mean amniotic fluid adrenomedullin concentration was higher (p < 0.05) in diabetic (14.7 +/- 1.6 fmol/ml) than in uncomplicated pregnancies (10.8 +/- 0.9 fmol/ml), whereas no differences were present in maternal and fetal plasma adrenomedullin levels between diabetic and uncomplicated pregnant women. High levels of amniotic fluid adrenomedullin were found in both type I and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (13.7 +/- 1.4 and 15.6 +/- 2.2 fmol/ml, respectively). Diabetic pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension showed lower (p < 0.05) amniotic fluid adrenomedullin concentrations than normotensive diabetic patients. These findings suggest that placental adrenomedullin production is upregulated in diabetic pregnancy, and it may be important to prevent excessive vasoconstriction of placental vessels.
Plasma kisspeptin levels in pregnancies with diabetes and hypertensive disease as a potential marker of placental dysfunction and adverse perinatal outcome.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate plasma kisspeptin levels in 129 singleton pregnancies with diabetes [pregestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1) and gestational diabetes (GD)] and hypertensive disease [chronic hypertension (CH), gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia (PE)] as a potential marker of placental dysfunction and adverse perinatal outcome. STUDY DESIGN: Kisspeptin levels were evaluated in the first, second, and third trimesters in patients with type 1 diabetes (16 patients), H (22), and healthy control (25) and in the second and third trimesters in patients with GD (20), gestational hypertension (18), and PE (28). Maternal kisspeptin levels were correlated with pregnancy outcome, parameters of fetoplacental circulation, ultrasound-detected abnormalities of placental morphology, and placental weight at delivery. RESULTS: In pregnancies with type 1 diabetes and H, mean kisspeptin levels were significantly lower compared with the control group (p<0.001 in the first and second trimesters and p<0.05 in the third trimester). Decreased plasma kisspeptin levels in the second and third trimesters were found in patients with GD (p<0.001 in the second and third trimesters) and PE (p<0.001 in the second trimester and p<0.05 in the third trimester). In patients with PE and placental dysfunction, low kisspeptin levels in the third trimester were associated with adverse perinatal outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrates reduced kisspeptin levels in pregnancies with diabetes, H, PE, and placental dysfunction. In patients with PE and placental dysfunction, decreased kisspeptin levels were associated with adverse perinatal outcome. Larger studies are needed to investigate the role of kisspeptin as a potential marker of placental dysfunction and adverse perinatal outcome.
The role of umbilical cord thickness and HbA1c levels for the prediction of fetal macrosomia in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of HbA1c levels and umbilical cord thickness upon birth weight, particularly in pregestational and gestational diabetic patients. METHOD: Pregnant women were included in the study and were divided into two groups. The first group consisted of patients who were diagnosed with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus. The control group consisted of pregnant women who were not diagnosed with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus. Ultrasound examination was performed twice. Examinations were performed at 27-28 weeks and 36-37 weeks of gestation, respectively. During ultrasound examinations, fetal anthropometric parameters, biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference, femur length and estimated fetal weight (which was calculated automatically according to Hadlock's formula) were measured. Additionally, the sonographic cross-sectional areas of the umbilical cord, the umbilical arteries and the umbilical vein were measured in a free loop of the umbilical cord, using the software of the ultrasound machine. The cross-sectional area of Wharton's jelly was computed by subtracting the cross-sectional area of the vessels from that of the umbilical cord. HbA1c levels were measured for diabetic patients. RESULTS: At 27-28 gestational weeks, umbilical cord area and Wharton's jelly values were found to be statistically different in macrosomic fetuses compared with non-macrosomic fetuses for both groups (for cord area, P = 0.012; for Wharton's jelly, P = 0.001). Additionally, umbilical cord diameter vein and artery values were not statistically different between the two groups when macrosomic fetuses were compared with non-macrosomic fetuses. At 36-37 gestational weeks, when the relationship between umbilical cord components and birth weight was examined, there was a statistically significant difference when comparing macrosomic fetuses with non-macrosomic fetuses. There was a statistically significant correlation between umbilical cord area, umbilical cord diameter and fetal weight estimation at 36-37 gestational weeks. HbA1c values and fetal macrosomia did not show a statistically significant relationship (P = 0.701). CONCLUSION: A significant relationship between umbilical cord components and birth weight was not specific for the diabetic group. There was a significant relationship between birth weight and umbilical cord components for the control group as well. If the estimated fetal weight is combined with umbilical cord components, macrosomic fetuses can be predicted with more accuracy.
Associations of pregnancy complications with calculated cardiovascular disease risk and cardiovascular risk factors in middle age: the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.; BACKGROUND: The nature and contribution of different pregnancy-related complications to future cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its risk factors and the mechanisms underlying these associations remain unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied associations of pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, and size for gestational age with calculated 10-year CVD risk (based on the Framingham score) and a wide range of cardiovascular risk factors measured 18 years after pregnancy (mean age at outcome assessment, 48 years) in a prospective cohort of 3416 women. Gestational diabetes mellitus was positively associated with fasting glucose and insulin, even after adjustment for potential confounders, whereas hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, and insulin. Large for gestational age was associated with greater waist circumference and glucose concentrations, whereas small for gestational age and preterm delivery were associated with higher blood pressure. The association with the calculated 10-year CVD risk based on the Framingham prediction score was odds ratio 1.31 (95 confidence interval, 1.11-1.53) for preeclampsia and 1.26 (95 confidence interval, 0.95-1.68) for gestational diabetes mellitus compared with women without preeclampsia and without gestational diabetes mellitus, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and pregnancy diabetes mellitus are independently associated with an increased calculated 10-year CVD risk. Preeclampsia may be the better predictor of future CVD because it was associated with a wider range of cardiovascular risk factors. Our results suggest that pregnancy may be an important opportunity for early identification of women at increased risk of CVD later in life.
The evaluation of fetal interventricular septum with M-mode and spectral tissue Doppler imaging in gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.; OBJECTIVES: To demonstrate possible functional changes in the frequently affected fetal interventricular septum (IVS) with spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging to compare gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and control groups. METHODS: A total of 63 pregnant women with GDM, 30 on diet (A1 GDM) and 33 on treated with insulin (A2 GDM), and 63 healthy pregnant women randomly selected and matched to the case group in the control group were included. RESULTS: The GDM fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased early diastole (E'), atrial contraction (A'), systole (S'), higher myocardial performance index (MPI'), prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT'), shortened ejection time (ET'), and decreased septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) than the controls. The A2 GDM group fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased S' and shortened ET' than the A1 GDM group. In the GDM group, we found a significantly positive low correlation between glycated hemoglobin levels and maternal serum fasting glucose and one-hour postprandial glucose with fetal IVS thickness. We demonstrated a significantly negative low correlation between maternal serum one-hour postprandial glucose, glycated hemoglobin levels, and gestational weight gain with fetal IVS ET'. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal IVS diastolic and systolic functions were altered in the GDM group compared to controls, and systolic functions were altered in A2 GDM compared to A1 GDM. This may alert clinicians to possible cardiovascular diseases in the postnatal life, and early preventive strategies and long-term lifestyle changes may provide protection in fetuses with GDM.
ROCK1/p53/NOXA signaling mediates cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose in vitro and vivo.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects; however, the molecular basis of the congenital heart anomalies remains obscure. Previous reports showed a positive correlation between abnormal cardiomyocyte apoptosis and ventricular wall thinness, one type of congenital heart anomaly. This work explored the expression pattern and molecular mechanism of the Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase 1 (ROCK1) gene in cardiomyocyte apoptosis and genesis of ventricular wall thinness. In this report, we found a marked increase in the number of apoptotic cardiomyocytes in response to high glucose (HG) treatment. Moreover, up-regulation of ROCK1 expression observed in diabetic offspring compared with controls was potentially associated with cardiomyocyte apoptosis and the ventricular wall thinness. Further investigation showed that p53 and NOXA protein levels increased during ROCK1-meidated apoptosis in response to HG. In response to HG, whereby ROCK1 phosphorylated p53 at Ser15 to up-regulate its protein level. Furthermore, we found that p53 mediated the expression of NOXA during HG-induced apoptosis, and histone acetyltransferase p300 participated in this process. These findings reveal a novel regulatory mechanism of ROCK1/p53/NOXA signaling in modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in vitro and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects in vivo.
Enhanced fetoplacental angiogenesis in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus: the extra growth is exclusively longitudinal and not accompanied by microvascular remodelling.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Morphometric studies on pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus have found no evidence of increased fetoplacental angiogenesis. Here, placentas from control subjects and patients with pre-gestational Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were used to test for differences in measures of angiogenesis and vascular remodelling. METHODS: Term placentas were collected from non-diabetic subjects and well-controlled diabetic patients grouped according to duration and severity into White classes B, C, D and F/R. Tissues were obtained by uniform random sampling for position and orientation. Volumes, surface areas and lengths of peripheral villi and their capillaries were estimated stereologically. Comparisons were drawn by analysis of variance and used to interpret mechanisms of growth, villous capillarization and vessel remodelling. RESULTS: Placentas associated with all classes of diabetes contained greater (19-45%) volumes of fetal capillaries attributable solely to increases in the combined length of capillaries (12-47%) and not to alteration of vessel cross-sectional area or perimeter. Longitudinal growth tended to increase capillarization (capillary:villus length ratios up to 19% larger) but changes were inconsistent between diabetic classes. There was no evidence of altered vascular remodelling (cross-sectional shape factors, perimeter(2)/area, were preserved). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATIONS: In well-controlled pre-gestational diabetes, fetoplacental angiogenesis is enhanced and occurs exclusively by longitudinal growth. Differences may involve hypoxic or other metabolic effects on endothelial cells, perivascular cells and angiogenic factors. The findings differ from those previously reported in gestational diabetes. No differences were associated exclusively with the presence of diabetic complications.
Oral contraceptive use in women with chronic medical conditions.; Health care practitioners are often faced with the dilemma of whether or not to provide oral contraceptives to women who have certain chronic medical conditions. This article reviews literature regarding the use of oral contraceptives in clients with histories of gestational diabetes, mitral valve prolapse or sickle cell disease. Recommendations for management are provided regarding oral contraceptive use in women with these conditions.
Vasoactive exposures during pregnancy and risk of microtia.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about the etiology of nonsyndromic microtia. This study investigated the hypothesis that microtia is caused by vascular disruption. METHODS: The study analyzed data from the population-based National Birth Defects Prevention Study (NBDPS) for deliveries between 1997 and 2005. Four hundred eleven nonsyndromic cases of microtia, with or without additional defects, were compared to 6560 nonmalformed infants with respect to maternal exposures to vasoactive medications and smoking during the periconceptional period and conditions that have previously been associated with vascular events (multiple gestation, maternal history of type 1, type 2, or gestational diabetes, and hypertension). Odds ratios (ORs) were estimated with multivariable models, controlling for the effects of race/ethnicity, education, periconceptional folic acid use, and study center. RESULTS: Risk estimates for vasoactive medications and smoking were not meaningfully increased. Maternal type 1/2 diabetes was diagnosed before or during the index pregnancy in 4% and 1% of cases, respectively, compared to 1% and 0.05% of controls; the adjusted OR for these two groups combined was 7.2 (95% confidence interval [CI], 3.9-13.1). Gestational diabetes was observed for 9% of cases and 6% of controls; the OR was moderately elevated (OR, 1.4; 95% CI, 0.9-2.0). ORs were also increased for multiple gestations (OR, 2.5; 95% CI, 1.5-4.2) and pre-existing hypertension (OR, 1.6; 95% CI, 1.0-2.5). CONCLUSIONS: Because ORs were only elevated for diabetes and not for vasoactive exposures or other potential vascular events, findings suggest that some microtia occurrences may be part of the diabetic embryopathy rather than manifestations of vascular disruption. Birth Defects Research (Part A), 2013. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Cardiomyopathy and diastolic dysfunction in the embryo and neonate of a type 1 diabetic mouse model.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of maternal type 1 diabetes on the structure and function of the embryonic and neonatal mouse heart. METHODS: Type 1 diabetes was induced in female C57BL6/J mice using streptozotocin. Embryonic (n = 105) and neonatal hearts (n = 46) were examined using high-frequency ultrasound (US) and a cohort of E18.5 (n = 34) and 1-day-old pup hearts (n = 27) underwent histological examination. RESULTS: Global cardiac hypertrophy in late gestation (E18.5) was evident on US in the diabetic group compared to controls with increased interventricular septal (IVS) thickness (0.44 ± 0.08 mm vs 0.36 ± 0.08 mm, P < .05) and increased left ventricular wall thickness (0.38 ± 0.04 mm vs 0.29 mm ± 0.05, P < .01). Isovolumetric relaxation time was initially prolonged in the diabetic group but resolved by E18.5 to control values. Histological examination at E18.5 demonstrated increased transverse measurements (2.42 ± 0.72 mm/g vs 1.86 ± 0.55 mm/g, P < .05) and increased IVS thickness (0.64 ± 0.20 mm/g vs 0.43 ± 0.15 mm/g, P < .05) in diabetic embryos compared to control embryos. CONCLUSION: Maternal hyperglycemia has severe effects on offspring with evidence of cardiac impairment and cardiac hypertrophy in the embryo. These effects persisted in the 1-day old but attenuated in the 1-week old suggesting cardiac remodeling after the hyperglycemic milieu of pregnancy is removed.
Evidence that children born at early term (37-38 6/7 weeks) are at increased risk for diabetes and obesity-related disorders.; BACKGROUND: Prematurity is known to be associated with high rates of endocrine and metabolic complications in the offspring. Offspring born early term (37-38 6/7 weeks' gestation) were also shown to exhibit long-term morbidity resembling that of late preterm, in several health categories. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine whether early term delivery impacts on the long-term endocrine and metabolic health of the offspring. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort analysis was performed, including all term singleton deliveries occurring from 1991 through 2013 at a single regional tertiary medical center. Congenital malformations and multiple pregnancies were excluded. Gestational age upon delivery was subdivided into early term deliveries and deliveries occurring at full term and later (≥39 weeks' gestation, comparison group). Endocrine and metabolic morbidity (including diabetes, obesity, hypoglycemia, hyperlipidemia, and hypothyroidism) of the offspring, up to the age of 18 years, was evaluated according to hospitalization files. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were used to compare cumulative morbidity incidence. A Weibull parametric survival model was used to control for time to event, siblings, and other confounders. RESULTS: During the study period 225,260 term deliveries met the inclusion criteria. Of them, 24% (n = 54,073) occurred at early term. Endocrine and metabolic morbidity was significantly more common in the early term group (0.51% vs 0.41%, P = .003). Specifically, overweight and obesity were more common among the early term group (P = .002). Differences were more prominent among children >5 years, who exhibited higher rates of type 1 diabetes mellitus, as well as obesity, when born at early term (P < .05). The survival curves demonstrated higher cumulative incidence of total endocrine and metabolic morbidity in the early term group. Using the Weibull parametric survival model, while controlling for siblings, maternal diabetes, hypertension, labor induction, and Apgar score, early term delivery exhibited an independent association with long-term childhood endocrine and metabolic morbidity of the offspring (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.17; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.34) and more so for age >5 years (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-1.56). CONCLUSION: Deliveries occurring at early term are associated with higher rates of long-term pediatric endocrine and metabolic morbidity of the offspring as compared with deliveries occurring at a later gestational age. This association may be due to absence of full maturity of the hormonal axis in early term neonates or, alternatively, suggest an underlying fetal endocrine dysfunction as the initial mechanism responsible for spontaneous early term delivery.
Novel placental ultrasound assessment: potential role in pre-gestational diabetic pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Management of women with pre-gestational diabetes continues to be challenging for clinicians. This study aims to determine if 3D power Doppler (3DPD) analysis of placental volume and flow, and calculation of placental calcification using a novel software method, differ between pregnancies with type 1 or type 2 diabetes and normal controls, and if there is a relationship between these ultrasound placental parameters and clinical measures in diabetics. METHODS: This was a prospective cohort study of 50 women with diabetes and 250 controls (12-40 weeks gestation). 3DPD ultrasound was used to evaluate placental volume, vascularisation index (VI), flow index (FI) and vascularisation-flow index (VFI). Placental calcification was calculated by computer analysis. Results in diabetics were compared with control values, and correlated with early pregnancy HbA1c, Doppler results and placental histology. RESULTS: Placental calcification and volume increased with advancing gestation in pre-gestational diabetic placentae. Volume was also found to be significantly higher than in normal placentae. VI and VFI were significantly lower in diabetic pregnancies between 35 and 40 weeks gestation. A strong relationship was seen between a larger placental volume and both increasing umbilical artery pulsatility index and decreasing middle cerebral artery pulsatility index. FI was significantly lower in cases which had a booking HbA1c level ≥6.5%. Ultrasound assessed placental calcification was reduced with a histology finding of delayed villous maturation. No other correlation with placental histology was found. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows a potential role for 3D placental evaluation, and computer analysis of calcification, in monitoring pre-gestational diabetic pregnancies.
The influence of embryo stage on obstetric complications and perinatal outcomes following programmed compared to natural frozen-thawed embryo transfer cycles: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of embryo stage at the time of transfer on obstetric and perinatal outcomes in programmed frozen-thawed embryo transfer (FET) versus natural FET cycles. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENTS: Women with programmed frozen-thawed embryo transfer (FET) and natural FET. INTERVENTIONS: The PubMed, MEDLINE, and EMBASE databases and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CCRT) were searched from 1983 to October 2022. Twenty-three observational studies were included. PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURE: The primary outcomes were hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs), gestational hypertension and preeclampsia (PE). The secondary outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placenta previa, postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), placental abruption, preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), large for gestational age (LGA), small for gestational age (SGA), macrosomia, and preterm delivery (PTD). RESULTS: The risk of HDP (14 studies, odds ratio (OR) 2.17; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.95-2.41; P<0.00001; I(2) = 43%), gestational hypertension (11 studies, OR 1.38; 95% CI 1.15-1.66; P=0.0006; I(2) = 19%), PE (12 studies, OR 2.09; 95% CI 1.88-2.32; P<0.00001; I(2) = 0%), GDM (20 studies, OR 1.09; 95% CI 1.02-1.17; P=0.02; I(2) = 8%), LGA (18 studies, OR 1.11; 95% CI 1.07-1.15; P<0.00001; I(2) = 46%), macrosomia (12 studies, OR 1.15; 95% CI 1.07-1.24; P=0.0002; I(2) = 31%), PTD (22 studies, OR 1.21; 95% CI 1.15-1.27; P<0.00001; I(2) = 49%), placenta previa (17 studies, OR 1.2; 95% CI 1.02-1.41; P=0.03; I(2) = 11%), PPROM (9 studies, OR 1.19; 95% CI 1.02-1.39; P=0.02; I(2) = 40%), and PPH (12 studies, OR 2.27; 95% CI 2.02-2.55; P <0.00001; I(2) = 55%) were increased in programmed FET cycles versus natural FET cycles with overall embryo transfer. Blastocyst transfer had a higher risk of HDP (6 studies, OR 2.48; 95% CI 2.12-2.91; P<0.00001; I(2) = 39%), gestational hypertension (5 studies, OR 1.87; 95% CI 1.27-2.75; P=0.002; I(2) = 25%), PE (6 studies, OR 2.23; 95% CI 1.93-2.56; P<0.00001; I(2) = 0%), GDM (10 studies, OR 1.13; 95% CI 1.04-1.23; P=0.005; I(2) = 39%), LGA (6 studies, OR 1.14; 95% CI 1.07-1.21; P<0.0001; I(2) = 9%), macrosomia (4 studies, OR 1.15; 95% CI 1.05-1.26; P<0.002; I(2) = 68%), PTD (9 studies, OR 1.43; 95% CI 1.31-1.57; P<0.00001; I(2) = 22%), PPH (6 studies, OR 1.92; 95% CI 1.46-2.51; P<0.00001; I(2) = 55%), and PPROM (4 studies, OR 1.45; 95% CI 1.14-1.83; P=0.002; I(2) = 46%) in programmed FET cycles than in natural FET cycles. Cleavage-stage embryo transfers revealed no difference in HDPs (1 study, OR 0.81; 95% CI 0.32-2.02; P=0.65; I(2) not applicable), gestational hypertension (2 studies, OR 0.85; 95% CI 0.48-1.51; P=0.59; I(2) = 0%), PE (1 study, OR 1.19; 95% CI 0.58-2.42; P=0.64; I(2)not applicable), GDM (3 study, OR 0.79; 95% CI 0.52-1.20; P=0.27; I(2) = 21%), LGA (1 study, OR 1.15; 95% CI 0.62-2.11; P=0.66; I(2)not applicable), macrosomia (1 study, OR 1.22; 95% CI 0.54-2.77; P=0.64; I(2) not applicable), PTD (2 studies, OR 1.05; 95% CI 0.74-1.49; P=0.79; I(2) = 0%), PPH (1 study, OR 1.49; 95% CI 0.85-2.62; P=0.17; I(2)not applicable), or PPROM (2 studies, OR 0.74; 95% CI 0.46-1.21; P=0.23; I(2) = 0%) between programmed FET cycles and natural FET cycles. CONCLUSIONS: The risks of HDPs, gestational hypertension, PE, GDM, LGA, macrosomia, SGA, PTD, placenta previa, PPROM, and PPH were increased in programmed FET cycles versus natural FET cycles with overall embryo transfer and blastocyst transfer, but the risks were not clear for cleavage-stage embryo transfer.
Subclinical Decrease in Myocardial Function in Asymptomatic Infants of Diabetic Mothers: A Tissue Doppler Study.; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are recognized to have impaired myocardial performance, but less is known about ventricular function in IDMs without hypertrophy. We hypothesized that in asymptomatic newborns with normal two-dimensional echocardiographic evaluations, pulsed wave tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) would suggest a subclinical decrease in the cardiac function of IDMs compared to infants of non-diabetics (nIDMs). This is a retrospective cohort study of asymptomatic neonates ≥36 weeks gestation, at 0-7 days of life, with normal standard echocardiograms. Systolic (S'), early diastolic (E'), and late diastolic (A') TDI velocities were measured at the mitral valve (MV) annulus, basal interventricular septum (IVS), and tricuspid valve (TV) annulus, and averaged from three consecutive cardiac cycles. Demographic, perinatal, and echocardiographic variables were compared between IDM and nIDM groups. Of 631 subjects, 75 IDMs were identified. The mean gestational age of the entire cohort was 39.33 weeks (±1.26), birth weight 3.44 kg (±0.56), and body surface area (BSA) 0.21 m(2) (±0.02). IDMs had significantly greater birth weight and BSA, lower gestational age, older maternal age, and higher incidence of maternal obesity and hypertension than nIDMs (p < 0.001). On multivariable analysis, IDMs had significantly lower S' (p ≤ 0.03) and E' (p < 0.001) velocities, and higher E/E' ratios (p < 0.001) at the MV, IVS, and TV than nIDMs. In asymptomatic newborn IDMs without cardiac hypertrophy, pulsed wave TDI suggests a subclinical decrease in systolic and diastolic myocardial function compared to nIDMs.
Fetal echocardiography at term in diabetic pregnancies helps predict the adverse neonatal outcome - Results of a prospective observational study from South India.; There is sparse Indian data on whether fetal echocardiography among pregnant diabetics would be useful to predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. OBJECTIVES: To study fetal cardiac changes in diabetic mothers and non-diabetic controls from 24 weeks gestation until the neonatal period; correlate them with maternal glycemic control; study their implications on adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. METHODOLOGY: Prospective observational cohort study. Pregnant diabetics (17 overt, 66 gestational) recruited beyond 24 weeks, divided as well (39) and poorly (44) controlled, based on American Diabetes Association 2016 criteria. Controls were 102 healthy non-diabetic pregnancies. Fetal echocardiography performed at weeks 24-32, 32-36, >37, and between 4 and 7 days on neonates. The thickness of Interventricular septum (IVS), Right Ventricle (RV), and Left ventricle (LV) assessed with M mode. E/A ratio across Tricuspid/Mitral valves and Tei index determined. TDI(Tissue Doppler imaging) used to assess tissue annular velocities across IVS, RV, and LV. Maternal glycemic control and various perinatal/neonatal adverse outcomes were recorded. RESULTS: Significant myocardial hypertrophy seen among fetuses of diabetic mothers versus controls, most severe at term among the poorly controlled diabetics. Structural changes persisted in the neonate. At term, fetal myocardial dysfunction was evident among diabetic pregnancies only as poor annular systolic velocity across IVS, RV using TDI. However, Tissue Doppler changes could not predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Myocardial dysfunction could not be demonstrated in the neonates. Myocardial hypertrophy at term was a surrogate marker for suboptimal glycemic control, and it could predict important neonatal morbidities like hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, prolonged NICU stays, and persistent foetal cardiac shunts. CONCLUSION: Our study shows a significant association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and maternal glycemic control among GDM pregnancies. There also seems to be an association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and some of the adverse perinatal events including hypoglycemia. However these newborns were not found to have clinically relevant cardiac comorbidities even though there was significant septal hypertrophy in utero.
Glycemic control in gestational diabetes mellitus--how tight is tight enough: small for gestational age versus large for gestational age?; The relationship between optimal levels of glycemic control and perinatal outcome was assessed in a prospective study of 334 gestational diabetic women and 334 subjects matched for control of obesity, race, and parity. All women with gestational diabetes mellitus were instructed in the use of a memory-based reflectance meter. They were treated with the same metabolic goal according to a predetermined protocol. Three groups were identified on the basis of mean blood glucose level throughout pregnancy (low, less than or equal to 86 mg/dl; mid, 87 to 104 mg/dl; and high, greater than or equal to 105 mg/dl). The low group had a significantly higher incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants (20%). In contrast, the incidence of large-for-gestational-age infants was 21-fold higher in the mean blood glucose category than in the low mean blood glucose category (24% vs. 1.4%, p less than 0.0001). An overall incidence of 11% small-for-gestational-age and 12% large-for-gestational-age infants was calculated for the control group. A significantly higher incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants (20% vs. 11%, p less than 0.001) was found between the control and the low category. In the high mean blood glucose category an approximate twofold increase was found in the incidence of large-for-gestational-age infants when compared with the control group (p less than 0.03). No significant difference was found between the control and mean blood glucose categories (87 to 104 mg/dl). Our data suggest that a relationship exists between level of glycemic control and neonatal weight. This information is helpful in targeting the level of glycemic control while optimizing pregnancy outcome in gestational diabetes comparable to the general population.
[Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus at Reunion Island (France)].; OBJECTIVE: To assess maternal and fetal outcomes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective study was conducted at the Sud-Reunion Hospital's maternity (French overseas department located in the Indian Ocean), during the period from January 1, 2001, through December 31, 2004. During this period, 1172 pregnant women presenting gestational diabetes mellitus were compared with 1172 non-diabetic controls matched on the basis of age, parity. Student t test, Pearson chi-square test and logistic regression model were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: Gestational diabetes mellitus complicates about 7.5% of pregnancies in Reunion Island. Its occurrence was associated with a significantly increased prevalence of pre-pregnancy obesity (27 versus 9.4%) and chronic hypertension (5.3 versus 3.3%). The prevalence of preeclampsia and obstetrical vascular disorders were not different between the two groups, respectively 2.2 versus 2.7% (P=0.43) and 6.2 versus 4.4% (P=0.06). The rate of caesarean sections and inductions of labour was increased in the study group. The term of delivery was inferior in the study group, consecutive to increased rate of labour induction at 38 week-gestation. Macrosomia and large for gestational age (LGA) newborns rate were significantly higher in the study group, respectively 8.9 versus 4.2% and 22.5 versus 10.1% (P<0.001) but the rate of admission into neonatal unit was not significantly different. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: Active management of gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with low maternal and perinatal morbidity. While age and parity are controlled by the study design, the prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational hypertension are not increased in women presenting gestational diabetes mellitus.
Infants with macrosomia and infants of diabetic mothers have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in childhood.; Incidence of diabetes during pregnancy is increasing worldwide, and intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure may have long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children. We investigated prospectively the risk of atherosclerosis and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in infants born macrosomic and in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) at the age of 8-9 years in 2021. A total of 49 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM group) and 13 macrosomic infants (macrosomic group) were included in the study. They were compared with 26 age-matched healthy children with birth weight appropriate for gestational age born to non-diabetic mothers (control group). Anthropometric measurements, atherosclerosis risk factors, and CIMT measurements were performed. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of age, gender, actual anthropometric measurements, blood pressure measurements, laboratory parameters, or atherosclerosis risk factors. Gestational age was lower in the IDM group (p < 0.001), while birth weight was higher in the macrosomic group (p < 0.001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was lower in the IDM group than the other groups. Duration of exclusive and total breastfeeding was lower in IDM group than in the control group (p < 0.001 for both). Body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist-to-hip ratio, and waist-to-height ratio were higher in those breastfed for less than 6 months in the IDM group. The CIMT values were statistically higher in IDM [0.43 ± 0.047 (0.34-0.60)] and macrosomic [0.40 ± 0.055 (0.33-0.50)] groups than control group [0.34 ± 0.047 (0.26-0.45)]. CONCLUSION: CIMT values were higher in IDM and macrosomic groups at 8-9 years old age compared to children born with normal birth weight. This indicates intrauterine exposure in both groups. And also, breastfeeding seems very important for IDMs. WHAT IS KNOWN: • Intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure has long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children. • Infants of diabetic mothers have higher carotid artery intima-media thickness at birth. WHAT IS NEW: • Both infants of diabetic mothers and infants with macrosomia have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness at the age of 8-9 years. • Duration of breast feeding is important especially in infants of diabetic mothers as body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist to hip and height ratio were higher in those breastfed less than 6 months.
Specific birth defects in pregnancies of women with diabetes: National Birth Defects Prevention Study, 1997-2011.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is associated with an increased risk for many birth defects and is likely to have an increasing impact on birth defect prevalence because of the rise in diabetes in the United States in recent decades. One of the first analyses in which specific birth defects were assessed for their relationship with both pregestational and gestational diabetes used data from the initial 6 years of the National Birth Defects Prevention Study. That analysis reported strong associations for pregestational diabetes with several birth defects, but few exposures among some of the less common birth defects led to unstable estimates with wide confidence intervals. Since that analysis, the study continued to collect data for another 8 years, including information on approximately 19,000 additional cases and 6900 additional controls. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to use data from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, the largest population-based birth defects case-control study in the United States, to provide updated and more precise estimates of the association between diabetes and birth defects, including some defects not previously assessed. STUDY DESIGN: We analyzed data on deliveries from October 1997 through December 2011. Mothers of case and control infants were interviewed about their health conditions and exposures during pregnancy, including diagnosis of pregestational (type 1 or type 2) diabetes before the index pregnancy or gestational diabetes during the index pregnancy. Using logistic regression, we separately assessed the association between pregestational and gestational diabetes with specific categories of structural birth defects for which there were at least 3 exposed case infants. For birth defect categories for which there were at least 5 exposed case infants, we calculated odds ratios adjusted for maternal body mass index, age, education, race/ethnicity, and study site; for defect categories with 3 or 4 exposed cases, we calculated crude odds ratios. RESULTS: Pregestational diabetes was reported by 0.6% of mothers of control infants (71 of 11,447) and 2.5% of mothers of case infants (775 of 31,007). Gestational diabetes during the index pregnancy was reported by 4.7% of mothers of control infants (536 of 11,447) and 5.3% of mothers of case infants (1,653 of 31,007). Pregestational diabetes was associated with strong, statistically significant odds ratios (range, 2.5-80.2) for 46 of 50 birth defects considered. The largest odds ratio was observed for sacral agenesis (adjusted odds ratio, 80.2; 95% confidence interval, 46.1-139.3). A greater than 10-fold increased risk was also observed for holoprosencephaly (adjusted odds ratio, 13.1; 95% confidence interval, 7.0-24.5), longitudinal limb deficiency (adjusted odds ratio, 10.1; 95% confidence interval, 6.2-16.5), heterotaxy (adjusted odds ratio, 12.3; 95% confidence interval, 7.3-20.5), truncus arteriosus (adjusted odds ratio, 14.9; 95% confidence interval, 7.6-29.3), atrioventricular septal defect (adjusted odds ratio, 10.5; 95% confidence interval, 6.2-17.9), and single ventricle complex (adjusted odds ratio, 14.7; 95% confidence interval, 8.9-24.3). For gestational diabetes, statistically significant odds ratios were fewer (12 of 56) and of smaller magnitude (range, 1.3- 2.1; 0.5 for gastroschisis). CONCLUSION: Pregestational diabetes is associated with a markedly increased risk for many specific births defects. Because glycemic control before pregnancy is associated with a reduced risk for birth defects, ongoing quality care for persons with diabetes is an important opportunity for prevention.
Risk factors for gestational diabetes in black population.; In a long-term longitudinal study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Black women, risk factors that were identified were age, obesity, a family history of diabetes, and the presence of hypertension. Poor predictors were a history of a previous large-for-date infant, parity, and age at first pregnancy. The prevalence of smooth muscle and nuclear autoantibodies was higher in gestational diabetic subjects. Gestational diabetic subjects who required insulin for glycemic control were more obese, had a lower frequency of the Bf-F phenotype and a higher frequency of the Bf-F1 phenotype, and had a lower frequency of the type 2 allele at the polymorphic locus adjacent to the insulin gene. Restriction-fragment-length polymorphisms flanking the insulin and apolipoprotein A-I and C-III genes, although not associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, may be associated with hyperlipidemia and subsequent atherosclerosis.
Changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress in normal pregnancy and pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; The purpose of the present study was to determine changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress longitudinally in pregnancy complicated by diabetes compared with non-diabetic pregnancy. This was carried out by following a group of normal pregnant women (n=17) and groups of pregnant women with Type I diabetes (n=19), Type II diabetes (n=12) and gestational diabetes mellitus (n=12) throughout pregnancy, with sampling carried out at the end of each trimester. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerols (triglycerides) were determined using standard colorimetric techniques and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) subfraction profile by disc PAGE. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) was determined by enhanced chemiluminescence and lipid hydroperoxides by the ferrous oxidation of Xylenol Orange method. Total cholesterol and triacylglycerols increased significantly throughout pregnancy in all groups, but there were no significant differences between normal and diabetic women with respect to either. The LDL score was significantly higher (P<0.001) in diabetic women compared with normal women at each point throughout pregnancy, although there were no significant differences between the diabetic groups. There was evidence of greater oxidative stress in diabetic compared with normal women throughout. Corrected TAC was significantly lower (P<0.001) in all diabetic women throughout pregnancy. In addition, lipid hydroperoxides were higher in all diabetic compared with normal women, particularly so in those with Type II diabetes (P<0.05). These changes may have important implications for diabetic women during pregnancy, as an elevated risk of pre-eclampsia is thought to reflect an oxidative stress-related mechanism. In addition, these changes may have important implications for the development of atherosclerosis and the long-term cardiovascular health of women with diabetes.
Impact of clinical pharmacists intervention on management of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in Jordan.; Background and objective Hyperglycemia in pregnancy is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and postpartum (PP) diabetes. This study aimed to assess the impact of the clinical pharmacist-assisted program (CPAP) of optimizing drug therapy and intensive education on main management outcome measures of patient knowledge about diabetes, Quality of life (QoL) as measured by SF-36 including maternal complications, fasting plasma glucose (FPG) control, and HbA1c. Method This is a randomized controlled study. Pregnant (20-28 weeks) patients with hyperglycemia received CPAP (n = 51) as compared with conventional management (n = 34). Patients were then followed up for 6 weeks pp. Results A significant change was shown in the intervention group for diabetes knowledge (3.47% vs. control 2.03%, P < 0.05) and three aspects of health-related QoL. The need for caesarian delivery (58.8% vs. control 35.3%) and severe episodes of hypoglycemia (0% vs. control 8.8%) were significantly (P < 0.05) reduced in the intervention group. Six weeks PP reduction in HbA1c values was greater in the intervention group (- 0.54% vs. control - 0.08%, P = 0.04) with more FPG-controlled patients during pregnancy (94% vs. control 64.7%). Conclusion Clinical pharmacist assisted services in the management of pregnancy hyperglycemia fundamentally and significantly improve knowledge and disease control.
Embryonic cell migratory capacity is impaired upon exposure to glucose in vivo and in vitro.; BACKGROUND: Impairments in cell migration during vertebrate gastrulation lead to structural birth defects, such as heart defects and neural tube defects. These defects are more frequent in progeny from diabetic pregnancies, and we have recently provided evidence that maternal diabetes leads to impaired migration of embryonic mesodermal cells in a mouse model of diabetic pregnancy. METHODS: We here report the isolation of primary cell lines from normal and diabetes-exposed embryos of the nonobese diabetic mouse strain, and characterization of their energy metabolism and expression of nutrient transporter genes by quantitative real-time PCR. RESULTS: Expression levels of several genes in the glucose transporter and fatty acid transporter gene families were altered in diabetes-exposed cells. Notably, primary cells from embryos with prior in vivo exposure to maternal diabetes exhibited reduced capacity for cell migration in vitro. CONCLUSIONS: Primary cells isolated from diabetes-exposed embryos retained a "memory" of their in vivo exposure, manifesting in cell migration impairment. Thus, we have successfully established an in vitro experimental model for the mesoderm migration defects observed in diabetes-exposed mouse embryos.
Determinants of birth-weight in women with established and gestational diabetes.; Increased birth-weight (macrosomia) can complicate the diabetic pregnancy, but many factors other than hyperglycaemia can influence birth-weight, in particular maternal obesity. In a mixed population (European, Maori and Pacific Islander) with a high prevalence of glucose intolerance and obesity we have examined the relative impact of various maternal factors on birth-weight in women with both established and gestational diabetes. Mean birth-weight was significantly greater in women with established or gestational diabetes than in controls (p < 0.0001), but was similar in women with gestational and established diabetes, despite glycaemic control being significantly poorer (p < 0.0001) in the latter. Birth-weight closely paralleled prepregnancy body mass index rather than glycaemic control, but in Maori women it was lower than expected, probably because of their high prevalence of smoking. Daily cigarette consumption was negatively correlated with birth-weight (p < 0.01) despite the smokers having significantly poorer glycaemic control (p < 0.001). The most significant variables influencing birth-weight in the diabetic pregnancy were gestational age at delivery, prepregnancy body mass index, maternal height, estimated weight gain during pregnancy, the presence of hypertension and cigarette smoking (the latter 2 having negative effects on birth-weight). Glycaemic control in the last half of pregnancy was not significant in this analysis. We conclude that within the limits of glycaemic control which we obtained, birth-weight was largely determined by maternal factors other than hyperglycaemia. Birth-weight thus has severe limitations as an outcome measure of the diabetic pregnancy.
[The severity of gestational diabetes mellitus affects microvascular dysfunction measured three years after pregnancy that may be related to increased oxidative stress].; INTRODUCTION: Oxidative-nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activation observed in gestational diabetes may play role in the increased cardiovascular risk in later life. AIM: The present study aimed to examine the influence of the severity of previous gestational diabetes (insulin need) on vascular function three years after delivery. Furthermore, the authors investigated the relation of vascular function with oxidative-nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activation. METHOD: Macrovascular function was measured by applanation tonometry; microvascular reactivity was assessed by provocation tests during Laser-Doppler flowmetry in 40 women who had gestational diabetes 3 years before the study. Oxidative-nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activity in blood components were determined by colorimetry and immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Three years after insulin treated gestational diabetes impaired microvascular function and increased oxidative stress was observed compared to mild cases. CONCLUSIONS: The severity of previous gestational diabetes affects microvascular dysfunction that is accompanied by elevated oxidative stress. Nitrative stress and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase activity correlates with certain vascular factors not related to the severity of the disease.
Correlation between birth weight and placental weight in healthy and diabetic puerperae.; OBJECTIVE: The birth weight/placental weight ratio has an important predictive value for perinatal mortality and morbidity and for cardiovascular diseases in adult life. In this study, we compared the birth weight/placental weight (BW/PW) ratio and the correlation between the two parameters in diabetic women with that observed in healthy women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 347 consecutive newborn infants from healthy puerperae, 164 newborns from puerperae with gestational diabetes, 148 newborns from puerperae with preexisting type 1 diabetes, and 40 newborns from puerperae with preexisting type 2 diabetes have been studied from the White population of Rome. The research project was approved by the Institutional Review Board and informed written consent was obtained from the participating mothers. RESULTS: The BW/PW ratio is higher, and the correlation between the two parameters is lower in all classes of diabetes as compared to healthy puerperae. A remarkably low correlation is observed in preexisting diabetes pointing to a dissociation of fetal growth from placental growth. DISCUSSION: In diabetic pregnancy the BW/PW ratio is higher, and the correlation between birth weight and placental weight is lower in all classes of diabetic as compared to healthy puerperae pointing to a relative dissociation between the two parameters. It has been suggested that the increase of glycemic levels in diabetic pregnancy predisposes to important diseases in adult life. The dissociation of BW from PW in infants of diabetic pregnancy could be a predictor of the risk for such diseases of adult life.
Clinical Profile of Hypertensive Emergencies in an Intensive Care Unit.; AIMS AND OBJECTIVE: To study the prevalence of hypertensive emergencies in an ICU set up and to study the clinical presentation of hypertensive emergencies related to cardiovascular, neurological and renovascular system. METHODS: Type of Study: Cross-sectional, descriptive study. DURATION OF STUDY: Two years from 1st December 2011 till 30th November 2013. SAMPLE SIZE: 50 patients of hypertensive emergencies admitted to the intensive care unit of Dr. V.M. Govt. Medical College, Solapur were studied. Inclusion criteria All patients above 18 years of age. Systolic blood pressure > 180 mmHg Diastolic blood pressure > 120 mm Hg Exclusion criteria Pregnancy Patients with diabetes mellitus We classified as hypertensive emergencies all cases in which the increase in blood pressure was associated with one or more of the following types of acute or ongoing end-organ damage: hypertensive encephalopathy; stroke (cerebral infarction or intracerebral or subarachnoid hemorrhage, transient ischemic attack); acute pulmonary edema, left ventricular failure; acute myocardial infarction or unstable angina, progressive renal insufficiency features suggestive of retinopathy. All these conditions were diagnosed clinically or by approprriate diagnostic tests. CONCLUSIONS: most common presenting complaint in patients was breathlessness seen in 17 patients (34%), followed by neurological deficit in 14 patients (28%). Thirteen patients (26%) had complaints of headache, whereas 12 (24%) patients complained of chest pain on admission. Other symptoms included vomiting, giddiness, psychomotor agitation, and decreased urine output. Out of a total of 4076 admissions during the study period in the intensive care unit we had 50 cases of hypertensive emergencies with prevalence of 1.22% in our intensive care unit. Most common organ involvement was the retina followed by cardiovascular system, renal and then the central nervous system.
Randomized trial of diet versus diet plus cardiovascular conditioning on glucose levels in gestational diabetes.; We studied the impact of a training program on glucose tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (N = 19) were randomized into either group I, a 6-week diet alone group (24 to 30 kcal/kg/24 hours; 20% protein, 40% carbohydrate, 40% fat), or group II, which followed the same diet plus exercise (20 minutes three times a week for 6 weeks). An arm ergometer was used to maintain heart rate in the training range. Glycemic response was monitored by glycosylated hemoglobin, a 50 gm oral glucose challenge with a fasting and 1-hour plasma glucose, and blood glucose self-monitoring, fasting and 1 hour after meals. Week 1 glycemic parameters were the same for both groups. Week 6 data (mean +/- SD) were as follows: group I glycosylated hemoglobin, 4.7% + 0.2% versus group II, 4.2% +/- 0.2%; p less than 0.001. The group I glucose challenge fasting value was 87.6 +/- 6.2 versus 70.1 +/- 6.6 mg/dl, p less than 0.001 for group II. The group I 1-hour plasma glucose challenge result was 187.5 +/- 12.9 mg/dl versus 105.9 +/- 18.9 mg/dl for group II, p less than 0.001. The glycemic levels diverged between the groups at week 4. We conclude that arm ergometer training is feasible in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and results in lower glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting, and 1-hour plasma glucose concentrations than diet alone. Arm ergometer training may provide a useful treatment option for women with gestational diabetes mellitus and may obviate insulin treatment.
Cardiomyopathy in offspring of pregestational diabetic mouse pregnancy.; PURPOSE: To investigate cardiomyopathy in offspring in a mouse model of pregestational type 1 diabetic pregnancy. METHODS: Pregestational diabetes was induced with STZ administration in female C57BL6/J mice that were subsequently mated with healthy C57BL6/J males. Offspring were sacrificed at embryonic day 18.5 and 6-week adolescent and 12-week adult stages. The size and number of cardiomyocyte nuclei and also the extent of collagen deposition within the hearts of diabetic and control offspring were assessed following cardiac tissue staining with either haematoxylin and eosin or Picrosirius red and subsequently quantified using automated digital image analysis. RESULTS: Offspring from diabetic mice at embryonic day 18.5 had a significantly higher number of cardiomyocyte nuclei present compared to controls. These nuclei were also significantly smaller than controls. Collagen deposition was shown to be significantly increased in the hearts of diabetic offspring at the same age. No significant differences were found between the groups at 6 and 12 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Our results from offspring of type 1 diabetic mice show increased myocardial collagen deposition in late gestation and have increased myocardial nuclear counts (hyperplasia) as opposed to increased myocardial nuclear size (hypertrophy) in late gestation. These changes normalize postpartum after removal from the maternal intrauterine environment.
The effect of different forms of dysglycemia during pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes in treated women and comparison with large cohort studies.; AIMS OF THE STUDY: We describe the impact of different forms of dysglycemia on maternal and neonatal health. This research is a part of the PEARL-Peristat Maternal and newborn registry, funded by Qatar National Research Fund (QNRF) Doha, Qatar. METHODS: A population-based retrospective data analysis of 12,255 women with singleton pregnancies screened during the year 2016-2017, of which 3,027 women were identified with gestation diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy and 233 were diabetic before pregnancy. Data on maternal outcome was collected from the PEARL-Peristat Maternal and newborn registry. RESULTS: The prevalence of GDM and diabetes mellitus (DM) was 24.7 % and 1.9%, respectively. 55% of DM, 38% of GDM and 25.6% of controls were obese (p<0.001). 71% of pregnant women with DM and 57.8% of those with GDM were older than 30 years versus 44.2% of controls. Pregnant women with DM or GDM had higher prevalence of hypertension versus normal controls (9.9%, 5.5% and 3.5%, respectively; p<0.001). Among women with vaginal deliveries, the proportion of women with induction of labor was significantly higher in the DM and GDM compared to control subjects (33.9%, 26.5% and 12.4%, respectively; p<0.001). The number of women who underwent Cesarean section was significantly higher in the DM and GDM groups versus normal controls (51.9%, 36.8%, and 28.5%, respectively; p<0.001).  Preterm delivery was significantly higher in women with DM and GDM (13.7% and 9%, respectively versus normal women (6.4%); p<0.001). Babies of DM and GDM had significantly higher occurrence of respiratory distress (RDS) or transient tachypnea (TTS): 9% and 5.8 % versus normal controls (4.8%). Macrosomia was more prevalent in babies of DM (6.4%) and GDM (6.8%) compared to controls (5%) (p: <0.001). Significant hypoglycemic episodes occurred more frequently in babies of DM and GDM women (11.2% and 3%, respectively) versus controls (0.6%) (p: <0.001. Infants of DM and GDM mothers required more treatments of phototherapy (9.4% and 8.9%, respectively) versus those born to normal women (7.2%) (p: 0.006). The prevalence of congenital anomalies and neonatal death did not differ between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the improvement in the prenatal diagnosis and management of dysglycemia, there is still a higher prevalence of prematurity, macrosomia, and hypoglycemia in infants of mothers with DM and GDM. Measurements to reduce obesity and control dysglycemia in women during the childbearing period are highly required to prevent the still higher morbidity during pregnancy.
Cardiomyopathy and cardiomegaly in stillborn infants of diabetic mothers.; To report the incidence of cardiomegaly in stillborn normally formed infants of mothers with diabetes mellitus. This is a retrospective study with institutional ethics approval. The presence of cardiomegaly was recorded in stillborn infants of diabetic mothers (N = 27) and compared with that recorded in stillborn large-for-gestational age (LGA > 90th percentile, n = 18) and stillborn appropriately grown (10th to 90th percentiles, n = 107) nondiabetic infants. Blinded to the clinical details, the histology slides were reviewed to measure cardiac wall thickness and to record the presence or absence of myocardial fiber disarray. Stillborn infants of mothers with diabetes mellitus, when compared with appropriately grown stillborn nondiabetic infants and when adjusted for birth weight, had heavier hearts, thicker ventricular free wall measurements, and lighter brains. While cardiomegaly was reported in 22% of stillborn LGA infants, comparison with stillborn appropriately grown infants revealed no difference in heart weights corrected for birth weight. Comparison of LGA nondiabetic infants with stillborn diabetes mellitus infants revealed greater actual heart weight/expected for birth weight (P < 0.05) and lighter brains (actual brain weight/expected for birth weight, P < 0.05) in the diabetes mellitus group. Cardiomegaly is a common finding in stillborn infants of mothers with diabetes mellitus and may contribute to the risk of fetal death in these pregnancies.
Hypertensive disorders in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus.; The present study was performed to assess the rate of hypertensive complications in diabetic pregnant patients and the influence of White's classification and the quality of the diabetic control. This study included 169 diabetic pregnant women who had delivered at the University Hospital of Botucatu Brazil from 1980 to 1981. The hypertensive disorders occurred in 29.8% of the cases. The incidence of the hypertensive process was the same in all classes of diabetic patients, and it was independent of the glycemic control. In patients with gestational diabetes (classes A and AB), chronic hypertension was the commnest type found; in patients with short-term diabetes (classes B and C) pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and chronic hypertension with superimposed PIH was the most frequent type, and diabetic patients with vasculopathies (classes D-R) had preeclampsia and chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia as the commonest type found.
Maternal endothelial dysfunction and its association with abnormal fetal growth in diabetic pregnancy.; AIMS: Some authors consider the vascular endothelium to be a target organ in diabetes. However, there have only been a few studies of the function of the maternal endothelium during pregnancy in women with diabetes. We analysed the relationship between maternal vascular endothelial dysfunction and fetal growth in such pregnancies. METHODS: Markers of endothelial dysfunction (serum concentration of sE-selectin and sVCAM-1) were measured at admission (baseline) and before delivery in 97 women with pregestational diabetes and a singleton pregnancy,. After delivery, the group with pregestational diabetes was divided retrospectively according to neonatal birthweight into three groups-appropriate, small and large for gestational age- and the maternal variables were analysed in relation to birthweight. RESULTS: The baseline concentration of sE-selectin was significantly higher in the large-for-gestational-age group vs. the small-for-gestational-age group (median: 53.1 vs. 39.0 ng/ml, P<0.05). The concentration of sVCAM-1 at baseline was significantly higher in the small-for-gestational-age vs. the appropriate- and large-for-gestational-age groups (median: 846.2 vs. 576.8 and 524.1 ng/ml, respectively; P<0.01 and P<0.001, respectively). The concentration of sE-selectin at baseline and gestational changes in the concentration of sVCAM-1 were related to birthweight. The baseline concentrations of sE-selectin and sVCAM-1 and the gestational change in sVCAM-1 concentration were predictive factors for large for gestational age (cut-off values: 45.0, 644.6 and 38.4 ng/ml; sensitivity: 67.7, 89.3 and 34.4%; specificity: 65.5, 39.7 and 85.5%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Our study showed a relationship between maternal endothelial dysfunction and fetal growth disturbances during pregnancy in women with diabetes that was not associated with maternal metabolic control. Higher levels of maternal sE-selectin in early pregnancy were associated with increased risk of the large-for-gestational-age condition. High levels of maternal sVCAM-1 in early pregnancy were characteristic of gestation complicated by the small-for-gestational-age condition. Further studies in larger groups are warranted to determine whether markers of maternal endothelial dysfunction are of use in the prediction of abnormal birthweight (large or small for gestational age) in pregnant women with diabetes.
Umbilical artery pulsatility index in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus without hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: In a group of diabetic pregnant women, the umbilical artery pulsatility index (PI) was compared with both pregnancy complications and perinatal outcomes. METHOD: We evaluated 67 women with pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM), without hypertension. For the study we took the last umbilical PI value before delivery into consideration. Doppler results were not used for patient management. Umbilical artery PI was correlated with the route of delivery and the following perinatal complications: intrauterine growth retardation; cesarean sections for acute fetal distress; respiratory distress syndrome (RDS); neonatal hyperbilirubinemia; hypocalcemia; hypoglycemia; macrosomia, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). RESULTS: Among the 67 diabetic patients enrolled in this study, 44 (66%) had umbilical PIs ranging from the 5th to the 95th percentile (PI mean +/- SD = 1.2 +/- 0.3), while 23 (34%) had PIs above the 95th percentile (PI mean +/- SD = 1.6 +/- 0.3). Among the group with pathologic umbilical PIs, analysis of the data revealed a significantly higher incidence of both cesarean sections for acute fetal distress and perinatal complications: RDS; hyperbilirubinemia; hypoglycemia, and the need for NICU, respectively. CONCLUSION: In 34% of the diabetic pregnant women without hypertension, we found increased vascular resistances. Among these patients the incidence of perinatal complications was higher, and both closer maternal metabolic control and stricter care of fetal conditions are needed.
Hypertension in women with gestational diabetes.; Hypertension in pregnancy and gestational diabetes have in common a lack of universally accepted classification and nomenclature that hinders comparison of data between research groups and contributes to the lack of consensus in the literature on these conditions. The inter-relationship of hypertension and gestational diabetes can be considered from three viewpoints according to whether hypertension is present before, during, or after the pregnancy. The first question is whether hypertension predating pregnancy predisposes to gestational diabetes. Epidemiological evidence and physiological argument based on the common etiologic factor of insulin resistance would suggest that gestational diabetes should be more common in the presence of preexisting hypertension. The limited clinical data available support this hypothesis. There are three issues concerning the coexistence of hypertension and gestational diabetes: whether gestational diabetes predisposes to pregnancy-induced hypertension, whether pregnancy-induced hypertension predisposes to gestational diabetes and what effect the combination has on morbidity and mortality. A number of studies have investigated whether pregnancy-induced hypertension is more common in women with gestational diabetes, but no consensus has been reached. There is little direct clinical evidence on the reverse issue, but data are presented to suggest that pregnancy-induced hypertension may only predispose to gestational diabetes when its etiology is gestational hypertension and not preeclampsia. The issue of how the coexistence of pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes affects maternal or neonatal morbidity and mortality is largely unanswered. The last question is whether gestational diabetes has any prognostic significance with regard to the future development of hypertension in the mother. It is well known that gestational diabetes predisposes to subsequent NIDDM and that NIDDM is associated with a high incidence of essential hypertension. Once again insulin resistance may be a unifying factor. However, there is no direct clinical evidence that gestational diabetes predisposes to future hypertension.
Obstetric outcomes in pregnant women with diabetes versus hypertensive disorders versus both.; OBJECTIVE: To compare obstetrical outcomes in pregnant women with diabetes versus hypertensive disorders versus both. METHODS: One million patients in the New Jersey Database were analyzed. Of which 6.91% had hypertension, 4.79% had diabetes, and 0.91% had both. Information was derived from a perinatal linked data-set provided by the Maternal Child Health Epidemiology (MCH Epi) Program in the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services. Linking of electronic birth certificates, hospital discharge records for mother and newborn, and infant death certificates for all infants born in New Jersey between the years 1997 and 2005 created the data-set. RESULTS: Coexistence of hypertension and diabetes increased with advancing maternal age (OR 3.41; CI 3.12-3.72). Among ethnic groups, diabetes was more common in Asians (OR 2.92; CI 2.84-3.00), while hypertension was more common in Blacks (OR 1.49; CI 1.46-1.53). Blacks followed by Asians had a higher risk of being in the combined category. Induction of labor (OR 4.16; CI 3.96-4.38), shoulder dystocia (OR 2.56; CI 2.05-3.19), operative vaginal delivery (OR 3.92; CI 3.29-4.66), cesarean deliveries with no trial of labor (OR 2.54; CI 2.40-2.69) as well as with failed trial of labor (OR 4.09; CI 3.88-4.31) were more common in the combined group. Neonatal outcomes were poor in the combined category, with high rate of preterm deliveries, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions (OR 2.14; CI 2.01-2.28), neonatal seizures (OR 2.30; CI 1.31-4.04), low 5-min APGAR scores (OR 1.78; CI 1.57-2.01), and longer NICU stay (OR 2.30; CI 2.15-2.47). CONCLUSIONS: Coexistence of hypertension and diabetes was associated with worse obstetric and neonatal outcomes than either alone. This should be emphasized to mothers during prenatal counseling. Further research should focus on interventions to improve morbidity in the combined category.
Hypertension and pre-eclampsia in women with gestational glucose intolerance.; The relationship between pregnancy-induced hypertension (and pre-eclampsia) and gestational glucose intolerance was examined prospectively in 81 women with gestational diabetes mellitus. A borderline group consisted of 203 women with a single abnormal value on an oral glucose tolerance test. Controls consisted of 327 healthy women with normal glucose tolerance test at 28-32 weeks of gestation. The women with gestational diabetes were older (p < 0.01) and their prepregnancy weight and body mass index were higher (p < 0.001) than those in the control group. Also the women in the borderline group had higher prepregnancy weight (p < 0.01) and body mass index (p < 0.001) than the women in the control group. However, the pregnancy weight gain was lower in the gestational diabetics than in the control women (p < 0.001). Birth weight, birth trauma, low Apgar scores and hypoglycemia did not differ between the groups. However, hyperbilirubinemia occurred more frequently (28.4% vs. 3.7%, p < 0.001) in the gestational diabetics than in the controls. The frequency of both chronic hypertension (2.5% vs. 0.3%, p < 0.05) and pregnancy induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia (19.8% vs. 6.1%, p < 0.001) were higher in the gestational diabetes group, but not in the borderline group when compared with the controls.
Increased susceptibility of HIF-1α heterozygous-null mice to cardiovascular malformations associated with maternal diabetes.; Cardiovascular malformations are the most common manifestation of diabetic embryopathy. The molecular mechanisms underlying the teratogenic effect of maternal diabetes have not been fully elucidated. Using genome-wide expression profiling, we previously demonstrated that exposure to maternal diabetes resulted in dysregulation of the hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1) pathway in the developing embryo. We thus considered a possible link between HIF-1-regulated pathways and the development of congenital malformations. HIF-1α heterozygous-null (Hif1a(+/-)) and wild type (Wt) littermate embryos were exposed to the intrauterine environment of a diabetic mother to analyze the frequency and morphology of congenital defects, and assess gene expression changes in Wt and Hif1a(+/-) embryos. We observed a decreased number of embryos per litter and an increased incidence of heart malformations, including atrioventricular septal defects and reduced myocardial mass, in diabetes-exposed Hif1a(+/-) embryos as compared to Wt embryos. We also detected significant differences in the expression of key cardiac transcription factors, including Nkx2.5, Tbx5, and Mef2C, in diabetes-exposed Hif1a(+/-) embryonic hearts compared to Wt littermates. Thus, partial global HIF-1α deficiency alters gene expression in the developing heart and increases susceptibility to congenital defects in a mouse model of diabetic pregnancy.
Managing diabetic patients with nephropathy and other vascular complications.; Since the metabolic changes in normal pregnancy are diabetogenic, pregnancy imposes a severe stress on the metabolic milieu of diabetic patients. Moreover, many patients with long-standing diabetes have vascular complications, including retinopathy, renal insufficiency, nephrotic syndrome and hypertension, all representing separate risk factors for optimal fetal development. Recent experience has suggested that maternal hyperglycaemia, and associated fetal hyperinsulinaemia, may represent an important factor in the development of fetal complications. During the past two to three decades the incidence of perinatal deaths in all categories of diabetics has been reduced to a level that approaches the rate in healthy gravidas when severe congenital anomalies are excluded. Fetal and neonatal morbidity have also been reduced, although rates of congenital anomalies, hydramnios and respiratory distress syndrome remain high. Although the morbidity associated with oedema formation and hypertension is elevated, with meticulous management of patients with diabetic nephropathy, especially in the absence of severe renal insufficiency and/or severe hypertension, pregnancy performance and outcome can be similar to that of other insulin-dependent diabetic patients.
TRIPOD (TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes): a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of troglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; The TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes (TRIPOD) trial is a single-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-masked study. The primary aim of the TRIPOD trial is to test the hypothesis that chronic administration of troglitazone to nondiabetic women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will improve whole-body insulin sensitivity and reduce the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Because troglitazone is already known to lower blood glucose concentrations in persons who have developed NIDDM, an additional aim of the project will be to determine whether early intervention with troglitazone will achieve better final glycemic control than can be achieved by later intervention. In addition, since troglitazone treatment is expected to improve insulin sensitivity and may prevent or delay a decline in glucose tolerance, we also plan to determine whether long-term troglitazone treatment alters the development or progression of atherosclerosis. In this article we describe the experiment's design, the study's endpoints and methods for determining those endpoints, methods for assessing quality of life, and proposed methods for statistical analyses. The unique two-phase study design of the TRIPOD trial will permit testing not only of the biological question about reversal of insulin resistance and prevention of diabetes, but also of the clinical question about whether early intervention is superior to late intervention. Results from this trial will have an important impact on the monitoring and treatment of patients at high risk for NIDDM.
Changes in Ca2+ Signaling and Nitric Oxide Output by Human Umbilical Vein Endothelium in Diabetic and Gestational Diabetic Pregnancies.; Diabetes (DM) complicates 3%-10% of pregnancies, resulting in significant maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. DM pregnancies are also associated with vascular dysfunction, including blunted nitric oxide (NO) output, but it remains unclear why. Herein we examine changes in endothelial NO production and its relationship to Ca(2+) signaling in endothelial cells of intact umbilical veins from control versus gestational diabetic (GDM) or preexisting diabetic subjects. We have previously reported that endothelial cells of intact vessels show sustained Ca(2+) bursting in response to ATP, and these bursts drive prolonged NO production. Herein we show that in both GDM and DM pregnancies, the incidence of Ca(2+) bursts remains similar, but there is a reduction in overall sustained phase Ca(2+) mobilization and a reduction in NO output. Further studies show damage has occurred at the level of NOS3 protein itself. Since exposure to DM serum is known to impair normal human umbilical vein endothelial cell (HUVEC) function, we further studied the ability of HUVEC to signal through Ca(2+) after they were isolated from DM and GDM subjects and maintained in culture for several days. These HUVEC showed differences in the rate of Ca(2+) bursting, with DM > GDM = control HUVEC. Both GDM- and DM-derived HUVEC showed smaller Ca(2+) bursts that were less capable of NOS3 activation compared to control HUVEC. We conclude that HUVEC from DM and GDM subjects are reprogrammed such that the Ca(2+) bursting peak shape and duration are permanently impaired. This may explain why ROS therapy alone is not effective in DM and GDM subjects.
Implementation of a diabetes in pregnancy clinical register in a complex setting: Findings from a process evaluation.; BACKGROUND: Rates of diabetes in pregnancy are disproportionately higher among Aboriginal than non-Aboriginal women in Australia. Additional challenges are posed by the context of Aboriginal health including remoteness and disadvantage. A clinical register was established in 2011 to improve care coordination, and as an epidemiological and quality assurance tool. This paper presents results from a process evaluation identifying what worked well, persisting challenges and opportunities for improvement. METHODS: Clinical register data were compared to the Northern Territory Midwives Data Collection. A cross-sectional survey of 113 health professionals across the region was also conducted in 2016 to assess use and value of the register; and five focus groups (49 healthcare professionals) documented improvements to models of care. RESULTS: From January 2012 to December 2015, 1,410 women were referred to the register, 48% of whom were Aboriginal. In 2014, women on the register represented 75% of those on the Midwives Data Collection for Aboriginal women with gestational diabetes and 100% for Aboriginal women with pre-existing diabetes. Since commencement of the register, an 80% increase in reported prevalence of gestational diabetes among Aboriginal women in the Midwives Data Collection occurred (2011-2013), prior to adoption of new diagnostic criteria (2014). As most women met both diagnostic criteria (81% in 2012 and 74% in 2015) it is unlikely that the changes in criteria contributed to this increase. Over half (57%) of survey respondents reported improvement in knowledge of the epidemiology of diabetes in pregnancy since establishment of the register. However, only 32% of survey respondents thought that the register improved care-coordination. The need for improved integration and awareness to increase use was also highlighted. CONCLUSION: Although the register has not been reported to improve care coordination, it has contributed to increased reported prevalence of gestational diabetes among high risk Aboriginal women, in a routinely collected jurisdiction-wide pregnancy dataset. It has therefore contributed to an improved understanding of epidemiology and disease burden and may in future contribute to improved management and outcomes. Regions with similar challenges in context and high risk populations for diabetes in pregnancy may benefit from this experience of implementing a register.
Contrast sensitivity in diabetic pregnancy.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the correlation between the changes in contrast sensitivity and retinopathy throughout pregnancy in diabetic women with mild background diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: Contrast sensitivity (Vistech 6500 Contrast Test System) was measured in 22 type I diabetic women with mild background retinopathy [0-16 microaneurysms (MAs)/eye and occasional small intraretinal hemorrhages] and 10 healthy pregnant women at the 12th and 32nd weeks of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery. Red-free fundus photography was also performed at all visits. RESULTS: Throughout pregnancy contrast sensitivity was lower in the diabetics than in the controls at 1.5, 3.0, and 6.0 cycles per degree (cpd). During the course of pregnancy, contrast sensitivity decreased at 1.5 and 6.0 cpd in patients with more than five new MAs compared to those with fewer than five new MAs during pregnancy. Likewise, contrast sensitivity decreased at 6 cpd in patients with an increase in MA count during pregnancy and at 6 and 12 cpd in patients with a baseline MA count of two or more MAs. CONCLUSIONS: Contrast sensitivity, especially at low to mid-range spatial frequencies, is decreased in diabetic women with mild retinopathy. Even small changes in retinopathy are reflected in a decrease in contrast sensitivity during and after pregnancy. Thus, contrast sensitivity seems to be a sensitive indicator of changes in minimal background retinopathy.
Left atrial shortening fraction in fetuses with and without myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that, in diabetic pregnancies, left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) is decreased in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy, compared to those without hypertrophy and to fetuses of non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: Fetal echocardiography was performed in women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes and in non-diabetic controls between 25 weeks' gestation and term. LASF was calculated using the formula: (end-systolic diameter-end-diastolic diameter)/end-systolic diameter, and data were compared between diabetic women with and without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and controls. RESULTS: The study population comprised 53 diabetic women and 45 controls. Out of the 53 fetuses of diabetic women, 14 had myocardial hypertrophy and 39 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control group and the two diabetic subgroups (P = 0.57). Fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy presented a mean ( +/- SD) LASF of 0.32 +/- 0.11, those without myocardial hypertrophy 0.46 +/- 0.12, and those of normal mothers 0.53 +/- 0.09 (P < 0.001). A significant inverse linear correlation was observed between LASF and septal thickness (r = - 0.51, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In diabetic pregnancies, LASF is lower in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy than it is in those without hypertrophy and in fetuses of non-diabetic women, suggesting that LASF could be a useful alternative parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function.
Uteroplacental Doppler ultrasound in routine antenatal care.; Three hundred and five pregnant women referred consecutively from a single antenatal clinic for imaging ultrasound after 26 weeks' gestation had doppler velocimetry of umbilical artery, uterine artery and umbilical vein. Results of doppler studies were not available to clinicians until after delivery and clinical case records were examined postpartum for the development of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) and for fetal outcome. Accurate data were available for 272 women, of whom 167 had a normal pregnancy, 61 had or developed PIH and 44 had or developed DM. None of the various doppler velocimetry measurements differed significantly amongst these 3 groups at any gestational stage. Abnormal values for doppler systolic: diastolic (A/B) ratio were found in only 7% of umbilical artery measurements, 6% of uterine artery measurements and none of umbilical vein measurements. Specificity of abnormal results for PIH or DM was high (95-97%) but sensitivity low (16-17%) and positive and negative predictive values were generally low. Two perinatal deaths occurred and umbilical artery A/B ratio was abnormal in both cases. This study shows that there is a low yield of abnormal results for doppler velocimetry of umbilical artery, uterine artery or umbilical vein in routine antenatal screening.
Fetal evaluation of the modified-myocardial performance index in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the fetal cardiac function by modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in pregnant diabetic patients. METHODS: Modified myocardial performance index was measured in fetuses of patients with diabetes (DM) between 30 and 40 weeks of gestation. The isovolumetric contraction time, isovolumetric relaxation time and ejection time were measured. Mod-MPI was calculated as (isovolumetric contraction time + isovolumetric relaxation time)/ejection time. Results were analyzed by using one-way analysis of variance (post hoc Bonferroni correction), Chi-square and Student's test. RESULTS: Modified myocardial performance index values of fetuses from DM mothers were significantly higher than controls (0.43 vs 0.37, P < 0.0001), and it was not different between gestational versus pregestational DM (0.42 vs 0.45, P = 0.18). Mod-MPI was also higher in the presence of polyhydramnios (0.49 vs 0.41, P < 0.0001), insulin use (0.46 vs 0.40, P < 0.05), and large for gestational age fetuses (0.49 vs 0.40, P < 0.0001). There were no significant differences in Mod-MPI between newborns with versus without neonatal complications such as hypoglycemia or polycythemia. CONCLUSIONS: In fetuses of DM mothers, evaluation of the Mod-MPI identifies those with worse maternal disease and large fetal size.
[Incidence of singleton macrosomia in Beijing and its risk factors].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the prevalence of macrosomia in Beijing in 2013 and identify its risk factors. METHODS: Retrospective six months analysis of 14 188 full-term singleton pregnant women from 15 hospitals with different levels in Beijing in 2013. Each participant's demographic data and medical information were collected individually by questionnaires. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to examine the associations between variables and the risk of macrosomia. RESULTS: (1)The total prevalence of macrosomia was 7.069% (1 003/14 188) in Beijing in 2013. (2)The prevalence varied between the 15 hospitals, the lowest was 5.36% (89/1 659), while the highest reached 8.80%(46/523). Furthermore, the incidence of macrosomia was 1.284 times (95% CI: 1.114- 1.480, P=0.001) higher in the second graded hospitals than that in the tertiary hospitals. (3) Multiple logistic regression analyses showed that risk factors for macrosomia were maternal height≥160 cm (adjusted OR=1.875, 95% CI: 1.559- 2.256), pre-pregnant body mass index (p-BMI) ≥24.0 kg/m(2) (24.0- 27.9 kg/m(2): adjusted OR=1.696, 95% CI: 1.426- 2.018; p-BMI≥28.0 kg/m(2): adjusted OR=2.393, 95% CI: 1.831- 3.127), gestational weight gain (GWG) ≥15.9 kg (adjusted OR=2.462, 95% CI: 2.125- 2.853), gravidity>1 (adjusted OR=1.408, 95% CI: 1.224- 1.620), gestational weeks≥40 (adjusted OR=2.007, 95%CI: 1.745-2.308) and gestational diabetes mellitus (adjusted OR=1.522, 95%CI: 1.298-1.784). GWG≥15.9 kg, p-BMI≥28.0 kg/m(2) and gestational weeks≥40 were three risk factors that had the strongest associations with macrosomia (all P<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of macrosomia in hospitals with different levels is obvious different. Gestational weeks, p-BMI and GWG are three main controllable risk factors for macrosomia, thus should receive more attentions.
Cardiac output in infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers.; The purpose of our study was to quantitate left ventricular outflow obstruction in the infant of the diabetic mother (IDM) through estimation of cardiac output by pulsed Doppler ultrasound. We evaluated 42 IDMs (White class B, C, or D) and compared them with two control groups, one similar in birth weight and the other similar in gestational age. Ventricular septal hypertrophy was found in 18 (43%) of 42 of the IDMs, but in none of the control infants. Morbidity increased with advancing septal thickness. None had hyaline membrane disease. Twenty-nine IDMs were asymptomatic, 11 of whom had septal hypertrophy. Thirteen IDMs developed congestive heart failure, seven of whom had septal hypertrophy. Cardiac output per kilogram diminished linearly with increasing septal thickness (r = -0.78, P less than 0.001) secondary to reduced stroke volumes at comparable heart rates. The IDMs had higher left atrial/aortic ratios and greater right ventricular systolic time intervals than the control infants. We conclude that cardiac output is significantly reduced in IDMs with septal hypertrophy. This reduction is secondary to reduced stroke volume and is directly related to the degree of septal hypertrophy.
Progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: association with hypertension in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that women with insulin-dependent diabetes and chronic or pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders are at increased risk for developing retinopathic complications during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: One hundred fifty-four women with insulin-dependent diabetes were prospectively followed in an intensive program of diabetes in pregnancy. Ophthalmologic evaluations were obtained through pregnancy and at 6 to 12 weeks post partum, and findings were graded by a standard scale. Association of retinopathic progression with risk factors was tested with chi 2 and multiple logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Fifty-one women had progression of retinopathy during pregnancy; postpartum regression was observed in 13 women. Changes in glycemic control early in pregnancy, chronic hypertension, and pregnancy-induced hypertension were significantly associated with progression of retinopathy. CONCLUSION: Women with insulin-dependent diabetes who have hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are at increased risk for progression of retinopathy.
Aortic isthmus blood flow in fetuses of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that the aortic isthmus flow index (IFI) is lower in fetuses of diabetic mothers than in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a cross-sectional observational study to assess the IFI in fetuses, with (n = 13) and without (n = 37) myocardial hypertrophy, of mothers with diabetes mellitus and in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers (n = 23). Analysis of variance and Tukey test were used to assess differences among the groups. RESULTS: There were no differences in maternal or gestational age among the groups. In fetuses of diabetic mothers, the mean IFI in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy was 1.19 ± 0.06, and in fetuses without it was 1.18 ± 0.09. The mean IFI in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers was 1.32 ± 0.07 (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The IFI in fetuses of diabetic mothers is lower than in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers, possibly as a result of a decreased left ventricular compliance.
Transitional hemodynamics in infants of diabetic mothers by targeted neonatal echocardiography, electrocardiography and peripheral flow study.; OBJECTIVE: Metabolic alterations of intrauterine environment in diabetes mellitus (DM) lead to fetal cardiac dysfunctions that can persist after birth. The aim of the study was to assess the cardiovascular adaptation in infants born to diabetic mothers (IDM) with different degrees of glycometabolic control, in relation to revised guidelines for diagnosis of DM and quality improvements in neonatal care. MATERIALS AND METHODS: An observational case-control study was conducted on IDM with gestational, type 1 and type 2 DM. Relevant maternal and neonatal anamnestic, clinical and laboratory data were analyzed. Electrocardiographic and echocardiographic analyses, including structural and systo-diastolic evaluation, were performed. RESULTS: In 68 IDM enrolled, we observed a lower incidence of negative perinatal outcome than expected. Comparing to non-IDM, they presented larger fetal shunts, higher pulmonary pressures, early and atrial wave velocities. At 72 hours, kinesis and heart rate variability remained low. Cerebral blood flow velocities were higher. The most serious impairment of transition was in pregestational IDM. CONCLUSION: Maternal DM impaired neonatal transitional hemodynamics also in asymptomatic IDM with good glycometabolic control. These results confirm the need for an early cardiologic and cerebrovascular evaluation, to identify IDM with delayed maturation at risk of worse long-term metabolic, cardiovascular, and neurodevelopmental outcome.
High rate of placental infarcts in type 2 compared with type 1 diabetes.; CONTEXT: Timing and cause of pregnancy loss differ between type 1 (T1DM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine whether placental histology corresponds to differing causes of pregnancy loss in T1DM and T2DM. We hypothesized that placentas from mothers with T2DM would be more likely to demonstrate vascular pathology than those from mothers with T1DM. RESEARCH DESIGN/SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: We reviewed medical histories, pregnancy outcomes, and placental histology of women with pregestational T1DM and T2DM with singleton pregnancies between 2001 and 2009 at a single tertiary care medical center. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Placental weight, placental dysmaturity, villous maturation, villitis of unclear etiology, and histological evidence of placental infarction were measured. RESULTS: Ninety-eight placentas were available for review, 53 from T1DM mothers (56%) and 45 from T2DM mothers (46%). Mean age and glycemic control each trimester did not differ between diabetes types. T2DM placentas had a higher prevalence of placental infarcts (22 vs. 6%, P = 0.02) and a lower prevalence of placental dysmaturity (12 vs. 29%, P = 0.05) compared with T1DM; rates differed from those reported in the general population. There was no difference in placental weight, villous maturity, or villitis of unclear etiology between diabetes types. CONCLUSIONS: There were many similarities in placental histological findings between diabetes types. Still, one in five T2DM placentas displayed histological infarcts, consistent with a vascular, rather than glycemic, etiology of pregnancy complications, whereas T1DM placentas showed signs of abnormal development.
[Cardiorespiratory Disorders of Infants of Diabetic Mothers].; INTRODUCTION: One of the characteristics of modern era is the explosion of diabetes in the world. Today more than 400,000,000 people suffer from diabetes in the entire world. During the last decade the number of women with the disorder of glucose homeostasis is six to seven times greater than in the previous period. Therefore, the re-evaluation of the impact of glucose intolerance on the course and outcome of pregnancy is very current. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to evaluate the data on the influence of mothers' glucose homeostasis disturbances on the occurrence of cardiorespiratory disorders in newborns, as well as their influence on the perinatal outcome. METHODS: Prospective examination included 102 newborns in total - 31 infants of mothers with glucose homeostasis disorder (Group 1) and 71 infants of healthy mothers (Group II). Average age, body height, body weight, body mass index, parity and illness duration of the pregnant women had been determined, as well as the delivery method. Every newborn was provided with physical examination, Apgar score was calculated, body weight and body length were measured. Also, electrocardiography and brain ultrasound, as well as the basic hematology biochemical and microbiological analysis, were performed within the examinations of the infants. RESULTS: The average weight and obesity incidence with diabetic women was higher than in the control group and their infants were heavier and with lower gestational age. Heart failures were diagnosed in five (16.1%) infants of diabetic mothers and in one (1.4%) infant of a healthy woman (p<0.01). Respiratory disorders were diagnosed in 48.4% infants of diabetic mothers and in 12.6% of healthy mothers (p<0.01). Forty-two percent of infants of diabetic mothers and 19.7% infants of healthy mothers needed additional oxygen. CONCLUSION: Congenital anomalies of the cardiovascular system and respiratory disorders in the infants of diabetic mothers were six to eight times more frequent than in the infants of healthy mothers.
Management of gestational diabetes with a conservative insulin protocol.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether 2-hour postprandial blood glucose levels up to 8.0 mmol/L affect maternal or neonatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). DESIGN: Retrospective analysis of data collated by the Victorian Perinatal Data Collection Unit. PATIENTS: 394 GDM women and 394 control women matched for age and country of birth who gave birth at a university teaching hospital, 1991-1997. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal--hypertension/pre-eclampsia, obstetric intervention, gestation at delivery, length of hospital stay; neonatal--Apgar scores, time to establish respiration, birthweight, macrosomia, large or small for gestational age (LGA or SGA), fetopelvic disproportion, jaundice, hypoglycaemia. RESULTS: For most outcome measures there were no statistically significant differences between the GDM and control groups. However, in the GDM group, gestation was shorter, hospital stays longer and delivery interventions more common. CONCLUSION: Our study suggests that maternal and neonatal outcomes in GDM women are comparable with those of women without GDM when 2-hour postprandial glucose levels of up to 8mmol/L are maintained. This is 1.0 mmol/L higher than the current Australian Diabetes in Pregnancy Society recommendation.
Evaluation of the future atherosclerotic heart disease with oxidative stress and carotid artery intima media thickness in gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: In this study our aim was to evaluate paraoxonase (PON1) activity and free sulfhydryl groups (-SH) as antioxidative parameters and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) as oxidative parameter in the serum of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and determine their relation with the degree of subclinical atherosclerosis. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Serum samples from 39 pregnant women complicated with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of oxidative markers. Common carotid artery intima media thickness (CIMT) was measured for both groups to assess future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. PON1 activity and -SH were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. RESULTS: CIMT and LOOH levels were significantly higher (p = 0.01, p < 0.001, respectively) in GDM group compared to controls, whereas PON1 and -SH levels were significantly lower (p < 0.001 for both). CIMT values were significantly correlated with body mass index (BMI), 50 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) (p = 0.003, p = 0.02, and p = 0.03, respectively). However, there was no correlation between CIMT and oxidative markers. CONCLUSIONS: Increased levels of LOOH and decreased levels of PON1 and -SH showed disturbance of antioxidative mechanisms in GDM. These changes were associated with increased BMI and MABP which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology. Furthermore, increased CIMT values in GDM compared to healthy controls designate increased risk of future atherosclerotic heart disease.
Cardiac function in fetuses of poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancies--a pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiac impairment is frequently found in babies of diabetic mothers. It is still controversial whether this is due to poor glucose control. The aim of this study is to compare the cardiac function in fetuses of well- and poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancy in third trimester. METHODS: Women with type 1 pre-gestational diabetes were enrolled at 30-32 weeks. Cardiac size and interventricular septal wall thickness were measured by M-mode at end-diastolic phase. The right and left ventricular ejection fractions were calculated. At the mitral and tricuspid valves inflow, the ratio between early ventricular filling and active atrial filling (E/A) at both atrioventricular valves were measured by Doppler echocardiography. Peak velocities of ascending aorta and pulmonary artery were assessed. The angle of isonation was kept at <20 degrees. Women with poorly-controlled diabetes (HbA1c>6.5%) were compared with those with satisfactorily controlled diabetes (HbA1c < or = 6.5%). RESULTS: A total of 21 women with pre-gestational diabetes were recruited for this study. Eight women with well-controlled diabetes were compared with 9 women who had poorly-controlled diabetes. HbA1c in the poorly-controlled group was 7.3% and in the well-controlled group it was 5.4% (p<0.001). There was no difference between the two groups in cardiac size, interventricular septal wall thickness, ejection fraction, aorta and pulmonary artery peak flow velocities. The right atrioventricular E/A ratio was significantly lower among the poorly-controlled diabetic pregnancies (0.71 vs. 0.54; p<0.05). CONCLUSION: Fetuses of poorly-controlled diabetic mothers had a lower right atrioventricular E/A ratio. This may be due to metabolic acidosis, non-hypertrophic cardiac dysfunction or fetal polycythemia.
Are there any relationships between umbilical artery Pulsatility Index and macrosomia in fetuses of type I diabetic mothers?; OBJECTIVE: To establish whether there are relationships between umbilical artery Pulsatility Index (PI) and fetal macrosomia in pregnancies complicated by type I diabetes. METHODS: In a retrospective observational study, 102 singleton pregnant women with type I diabetes were considered. Umbilical artery PI was measured by Doppler ultrasonography within one week from delivery and related to neonatal weight. Pregnancies were grouped according to birtweight in macrosomic group (≥4000 g) and normal growth group (<4000 g). Relationships between umbilical artery PI and birth weight and birth weight centile were tested by Pearson's correlation analysis. Further umbilical artery PI values were compared between macrosomic and normally grown fetuses. RESULTS: Birth weight was ≥4000 g in 24 pregnancies (23.5%). A significant relationship was found between umbilical artery PI and neonatal weight (r = 0.512; p < 0.01) and neonatal weight centile (r = 0.400; p < 0.01). Umbilical artery PI were significantly lower (t = -6.013; p < 0.001) in the macrosomic group (0.78; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.73-0.84) than in the normal growth group (1.00; 95% CI 0.97-1.04). CONCLUSIONS: In pregnancies complicated by type I diabetes there is a significant relationship between umbilical artery PI value before delivery and absolute birth weight and birth weight centile. Macrosomic fetuses show a significant reduction in umbilical artery PI when compared with diabetic pregnancies without fetal overgrowth.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Pregnancy: Importance of Analyzing Temporal Profiles to Understand Clinical Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if temporal glucose profiles differed between 1) women who were randomized to real-time continuous glucose monitoring (RT-CGM) or self-monitored blood glucose (SMBG), 2) women who used insulin pumps or multiple daily insulin injections (MDIs), and 3) women whose infants were born large for gestational age (LGA) or not, by assessing CGM data obtained from the Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Women With Type 1 Diabetes in Pregnancy Trial (CONCEPTT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Standard summary metrics and functional data analysis (FDA) were applied to CGM data from the CONCEPTT trial (RT-CGM, n = 100; SMBG, n = 100) taken at baseline and at 24- and 34-weeks' gestation. Multivariable regression analysis determined if temporal differences in 24-h glucose profiles occurred between comparators in each of the three groups. RESULTS: FDA revealed that women using RT-CGM had significantly lower glucose (0.4-0.8 mmol/L [7-14 mg/dL]) for 7 h/day (0800 h to 1200 h and 1600 h to 1900 h) compared with those with SMBG. Women using pumps had significantly higher glucose (0.4-0.9 mmol/L [7-16 mg/dL]) for 12 h/day (0300 h to 0600 h, 1300 h to 1800 h, and 2030 h to 0030 h) at 24 weeks with no difference at 34 weeks compared with MDI. Women who had an LGA infant ran a significantly higher glucose by 0.4-0.7 mmol/L (7-13 mg/dL) for 4.5 h/day at baseline, by 0.4-0.9 mmol/L (7-16 mg/dL) for 16 h/day at 24 weeks, and by 0.4-0.7 mmol/L (7-13 mg/dL) for 14 h/day at 34 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: FDA of temporal glucose profiles gives important information about differences in glucose control and its timing, which are undetectable by standard summary metrics. Women using RT-CGM were able to achieve better daytime glucose control, reducing fetal exposure to maternal glucose.
How pregnant women with diabetes experience telemonitoring of the fetal heart rate - An interview study.; OBJECTIVES: The use of telemonitoring in healthcare is generally increasing. Women with complicated pregnancies are using telemonitoring as an alternative to conventional management, encompassing hospitalization or frequent outpatient clinic visits. However, there is sparse evidence on how pregnant women experience monitoring of their unborn babies at home. Women might feel uncomfortable with this responsibility, and moreover they might miss face-to-face contact with healthcare personnel. STUDY DESIGN: The study setting was a Danish hospital with a tertiary obstetric unit attending approximately 3400 births annually. A qualitative study design with interview as method included 11 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. This design was used to investigate how pregnant women with complicated pregnancies experienced telemonitoring of the fetus. Reflexive thematic analysis was used to analyze the pregnant women's experiences of telemonitoring. RESULTS: Women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus found the advantages of telemonitoring to outweigh the disadvantages. They experienced telemonitoring as time-saving and that telemonitoring decreased the level of stress. Moreover, telemonitoring supports positive collaboration with healthcare professionals. The women also experienced a lack of coordination of consultations between different departments at the hospital and challenges with timing, feedback, and technical issues. Moreover, the women requested an opportunity to discuss family formation and emotions. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus benefit from the use of telemonitoring. To further improve the implementation and use of telemonitoring clinical implications, consider how timing and coordination of care, technical equipment, and feedback mechanisms could be improved.
Heterotaxia as an outcome of maternal diabetes: an epidemiological study.; There are very few publications on the possible relationship between maternal diabetes and infants presenting heterotaxia-asymmetry defects. In mice, there is a relationship between maternal diabetes and heterotaxia, although this is influenced by the fetal genotype. An epidemiological analysis of heterotaxia-asymmetry in children born to diabetic mothers (diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes) is presented here. The analysis is based in the case-control study of the ECEMC database. However, due to the very small sample size for each type of study of heterotaxia-asymmetry alterations, up to 10 control infants for each case were selected. Although the sample size is small, the results suggest that only maternal diabetes mellitus significantly increases the risk for transposition of great vessels (OR=61.87; CI:7.36-519.82), and transposition of viscera (OR=24.82; CI;1.84-335.44).
The effect of maternal diabetes during pregnancy on the neurodevelopment of offspring.; As many as 10% of pregnancies are complicated by maternal glucose intolerance. With the risk of diabetes and gestational diabetes rising because of the obesity epidemic, that figure is likely to rise. Many obese individuals suffer from the metabolic syndrome, which makes them more prone to glucose intolerance when they are pregnant. Among the potential risks posed by poor maternal glucose control are those to the developing fetal brain. The goal of this article is to acquaint physicians with the results and clinical implications of studies conducted at the University of Minnesota on outcomes of infants of diabetic mothers and, in particular, on the role of iron deficiency in differential brain processing.
Capillary blood glucose screening for gestational diabetes: a preliminary investigation.; Home glucose monitoring with the use of reflectance meters is an important adjunct in the care of pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes. The accuracy of reflectance meters for the assay of capillary glucose specimens has been well documented. The present preliminary study was undertaken to determine the utility of outpatient screening for gestational diabetes mellitus with the use of a reflectance meter (Accu-Chek, Boehringer Mannheim Co.). One hundred twenty-five patients in our high-risk practice had a standard 50 gm glucose load at 26 to 28 weeks' gestation. Capillary glucose values were measured on site with the Accu-Chek. Venous plasma glucose levels were measured by the central laboratory chemistry analyzer. While the laboratory (x) and meter (y) glucose determinations between the two sets of values were highly correlated (R = 0.89, p less than 0.001), there was a significant difference in their average values (x = 111.74, y = 136.35, p less than 0.0001). With the use of a receiver operator characteristic curve, a meter value of 160 mg/dl was determined as the optimal threshold for performing a 3-hour glucose tolerance test. The sensitivity and specificity with the use of a meter value of 160 mg/dl were 93% and 96%, respectively, for detecting an abnormal screening test in venous plasma (greater than or equal to 135 mg/dl). A total of 32 glucose tolerance tests were performed, with four patients included who had venous values less than 135 mg/dl. All eight patients with gestational diabetes mellitus were correctly identified. These data suggest that a glucose reflectance meter can be used for accurate outpatient screening of gestational diabetes mellitus. The potential advantages of capillary blood glucose screening include both cost and efficiency. Patients with abnormal screening values can be promptly identified and scheduled for a follow-up 3-hour glucose tolerance test.
The infant of the diabetic mother.; The history of the medical success in treatment of the pregnant diabetic woman and her infant in the twentieth century illustrates how the combined efforts of dedicated clinicians and researchers have resulted in dramatic improvements in outcome for this patient group. This article discusses fetal growth, metabolic complications of the infant of the diabetic mother, risk of respiratory distress syndrome, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of great arteries associated with maternal diabetes and presumed gestational diabetes.; Maternal diabetes mellitus affects the foetal heart both structurally and functionally. In early gestation, it has a teratogenic effect causing defects of primary cardiogenesis. In late gestation, it causes a unique form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We report an infant of a diabetic mother and an infant where there was presumed gestational diabetes during the pregnancy who presented with combined severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and complex transposition of the great arteries. This rare combination of structural and functional cardiac abnormalities reflects the different mechanisms and timings of injury that may occur to the foetal heart in association with maternal diabetes and has not been previously reported. The combination has significant implications regarding medical and surgical management, and necessitates prolonged supportive therapy whilst awaiting regression of the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy followed by delayed arterial switch operation. CONCLUSION: We describe two infants with the unusual combination of both hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of the great arteries. One was an infant of a diabetic mother, and the second was associated with presumed gestational diabetes.
Placental weight in diabetic pregnancies.; The placenta from 30 women with diabetes mellitus were examined and weighed at delivery. Nineteen of these were from women with overt and eleven from women with gestational diabetes. Eleven placentae from normal pregnancies served as controls. There was no difference between the mean +/- s.d. placental weight for the diabetic group and the control group (609 +/- 148 versus 591 +/- 93 g, NS). The mean placental weight ratios for the diabetic group and the control group were also similar (0.98 +/- 0.23 versus 0.89 +/- 0.15, NS). Moreover, there was no difference between the weights and weight ratios of placentae from women with overt (622 +/- 173 g, 1.02 +/- 0.27) and those with gestational diabetes (586 +/- 90 g, versus 0.90 +/- 0.13). Placental weights correlated with birthweights (r = 0.70, P less than 0.01) and with skinfold thickness measurements fo the infants (r = 0.40, P less than 0.05), but neither with gestational ages (r = 0.15, NS) nor with maternal glycosylated haemoglobin levels in the third trimester (r = 0.24, NS). Among the women with overt diabetes, placental weights were greater in those in White's class B and C than those in class D and R (689 +/- 143 versus 530 +/- 177 g; P less than 0.05). In general, placentae from well controlled diabetic patients were not heavier than those from normal pregnant women, although there was an increase in placental weight in White's class B and C, as compared with those in class D and R.
Predictability of Macrosomic Birth based on Maternal Factors and Fetal Aneuploidy Screening Biochemical Markers in Hyperglycemic Mothers.; Background: Macrosomic birth weight has been implicated as a significant risk factor for developing various adult metabolic diseases such as diabetes mellitus and coronary heart diseases; it has also been associated with higher incidences of complicated births. This study aimed to examine the predictability of macrosomic births in hyperglycemic pregnant women using maternal clinical characteristics and serum biomarkers of aneuploidy screening performed in the first half of pregnancy. Methods: A retrospective observational study was performed on a cohort of 1,668 pregnant women who 1) had positive outcomes after undergoing 50-g oral glucose challenge test (OGCT) at two university-based hospitals and 2) underwent any one of the following maternal biomarker screening tests for fetal aneuploidy: triple test, quadruple test, and integrated test. Logistic regression-based models for predicting macrosomic births using maternal characteristics and serum biomarkers were developed and evaluated for prediction power. A nomogram, which is a graphical display of the best predictable model, was then generated. Results: The study cohort included 157 macrosomic birth cases defined as birth weight ≥3,820 g, which was equivalent to the top 10 percentile of the modeling cohort. Three primary models solely based on serum biomarkers achieved area under curves (AUCs) of 0.55-0.62. Expanded models, including maternal demographic and clinical factors, demonstrated an improved performance by 25% (AUCs, 0.69-0.73). Conclusion: Our prediction models will help to identify pregnancies with an elevated risk of macrosomic births in hyperglycemic mothers using maternal clinical factors and serum markers from routine antenatal screening tests. Prediction of macrosomic birth at mid-pregnancy may allow customized antenatal care to reduce the risk of macrosomic births.
Echocardiographic abnormalities in infants of diabetic mothers.; In order to evaluate the presence of myocardial hypertrophy and/or abnormalities of postnatal cardiovascular adaptation, echocardiograms were performed on 34 infants of diabetic mothers. Based on cardiopulmonary assessment, the IDM were divided into three groups: Group I with congestive heart failure predominating: Group II with respiratory distress predominating: Group III asymptomatic. Hypertrophy of the interventricular septum and of the walls of left and right ventricles was frequently present in IDM: this change was most notable in association with clinical CHF. Six IDM, four of whom were found to have CHF, had additional echocardiographic signs of subaortic stenosis. All IDM had normal indices of left ventricular performance, despite the presence of CHE. In IDM with respiratory distress, the right ventricular pre-ejection period to ventricular ejection time ratio was elevated, suggesting an abnormality of the transitional pulmonary circulation. Poor maternal diabetes control and maternal systemic hypertension were closely correlated with evidence of myocardial hypertrophy in the infants.
Intrapartum fetal ECG and diabetes.; AIM: The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and types of ST-segment changes of the fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) during labour in term fetuses born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) or gestational diabetes. METHODS: This was a retrospective case-control study involving populations from two multi centre trials: the Swedish Randomized Control Trial and the European Union ST-analysis (EU-STAN) trial. ST-segment changes were assessed in 104/309 cases and 207/468 controls from the Swedish and EU-STAN trials, respectively. RESULTS: ST depression was present on the FECG in 22.1% of fetuses of mothers with DM compared to 12% of controls OR = 2.6, 95% CI = 1.4-4.7, p = 0.002 after adjusting for trial, birth weight, and nulliparity. ST elevation was present in 47.1% of DM patients and 41.2% of controls (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 0.9-2.3, p = 0.18). CONCLUSION: ST depression on the FECG was significantly more prevalent in the fetuses of mothers with DM, probably not indicating hypoxia but an altered ability of the myocardium to respond to the stress of labour. Further studies into the mechanism of fetal compromise during diabetic labour, are required.
Obstetrical Outcome following Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes in the Third Trimester (>29 Weeks) versus Second Trimester (24-28 Weeks): A Retrospective Comparative Study.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare obstetrical outcomes between women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the third trimester after testing negative for GDM in two-step screening in the second trimester and women diagnosed in the second trimester. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective study compared obstetrical outcomes between 375 women diagnosed with GDM in the second trimester and 125 diagnosed in the third trimester. RESULTS: Among women diagnosed with GDM in the third versus second trimester, the incidences were higher of morbid obesity (body mass index ≥35 kg/m(2)), macrosomia, and cesarean section (CS) due to suspected macrosomia: 23.2 versus 9.8%, p < 0.001; 44.0 versus 10.1%, p < 0.001; and 24.8 versus 6.3%, p < 0.001, respectively. For those diagnosed in the third versus second trimester, the incidences were lower of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and intrauterine growth restriction, and a lower proportion of women needed pharmacological therapy for glucose control: 2.4 versus 9.0%, p = 0.016; 0.8 versus 8.2%, p < 0.001; and 12.0 versus 29.7%, p < 0.001, respectively. Multivariate analysis supported a correlation between third-trimester-diagnosed GDM and macrosomia, and between second-trimester-diagnosed GDM and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Among women diagnosed with GDM in the third compared with the second trimester, the incidence of morbid obesity was higher; accordingly, the risks were higher for large for gestational age infants and delivery by CS, and lower for hypertensive disorders. Guidelines regarding repeat oral glucose tolerance testing in the third trimester should be considered following prospective studies. KEY POINTS: · Third-trimester GDM was 29.9% among women with normal second-trimester screening.. · Morbid obesity and macrosomia were more frequent in third- versus second-trimester GDM.. · Incidence of preeclampsia was lower in third- versus second-trimester-diagnosed GDM..
Therapeutic exercise for insulin-requiring gestational diabetics: effects on the fetus--results of a randomized prospective longitudinal study.; Regular physical activity is an established therapeutic adjunct in diabetes, but has not been offered to pregnant diabetics in the past; for sports might induce significant cardiovascular and hormonal changes that are able to reduce blood flow to the uterus and thus limit oxygen transfer to the fetus. Studying the impact of a medically supervised exercise program on gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM) in a randomised prospective longitudinal study, this paper aims to assess the effects of maternal moderate and strenuous exercise on the fetus. By evaluating shortterm fetal responses as reflected in heart rate patterns (FHR) and longterm-pregnancy complications and neonatal outcome, our results suggest that--in absence of ominous FHR changes or significant changes in uterine activity following the exercise sessions or increased diabetes-related peri- and neonatal morbidity--regular physical activity seems to be a safe therapeutic option for the fetus of GDM mothers.
Placental pathology and abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in gestational diabetes.; Infants of diabetic mothers are considered to be at increased risk of fetal distress. We suggest that umbilical vasculitis is strongly associated with abnormal fetal rate patterns, which indicate fetal tissue hypoxia even in the absence of clinical evidence of intrapartum infection. In the present series, 132 term deliveries with Class A diabetes mellitus were compared with 159 uncomplicated term deliveries. Umbilical vasculitis and gestational age greater than 281 days were both highly correlated with abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in diabetic pregnancies (p less than 0.001). These effects were shown to be independent by multiple logistic regression. There was no difference in mean birthweight between infants of diabetic mothers and those of uncomplicated pregnancies, but infants of diabetic mothers had heavier placentas (p less than 0.01). These data further support our hypothesis that umbilical vasculitis may affect umbilical hemodynamics and predispose to development of fetal heart rate patterns.
Influence of sample type on the interpretation of the oral glucose tolerance test for gestational diabetes mellitus.; The World Health Organization (1985) criteria allow evaluation of the oral glucose tolerance test using venous or capillary whole blood or plasma glucose measurements. However, the empirical factors used for interconversion may not reflect observed differences, especially during pregnancy, causing inconsistent classification. To investigate how choice of sample would influence the interpretation of results, venous and capillary blood was taken during oral glucose tolerance tests in 36 pregnant women at risk of gestational diabetes and in 21 non-pregnant control subjects. Glucose was measured on whole blood and plasma by a glucose oxidase method. No cases of gestational diabetes were identified. Eight subjects had gestational Impaired Glucose Tolerance using either venous plasma or venous whole blood results, but only five were similarly classified with capillary whole blood and only four using capillary plasma. Plasma-whole blood differences (venous 0.6 +/- 0.2 (+/- SD) mmol l-1, capillary 0.7 +/- 0.3 mmol l-1) and capillary-venous differences (plasma 0.5 +/- 0.4, whole blood 0.4 +/- 0.5 mmol l-1) at 2 h were lower (all p less than 0.05) than in the WHO criteria (1.1 mmol l-1). When compared with venous plasma, capillary measurements may give a lower incidence and venous whole blood measurements a higher incidence of Impaired Glucose Tolerance in pregnancy.
Patterns of congenital anomalies and relationship to initial maternal fasting glucose levels in pregnancies complicated by type 2 and gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: We sought to determine the types of congenital anomalies affecting infants of women with gestational diabetes mellitus or type 2 diabetes and to examine the relationship between those malformation types and measures of initial glycemia of women at entry into prenatal care with type 2 diabetes or at time of diagnosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 4,180 pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 3764) or type 2 diabetes (n = 416) that were delivered after 20 weeks of gestation were reviewed for the presence of congenital malformations diagnosed before hospital discharge. Anomalies were categorized as being absent, minor, major, genetic syndromes, or aneuploidies. Major anomalies were further categorized by the number and type of affected organ systems. In addition to maternal clinical and historical parameters, the initial fasting serum glucose either from the diagnostic glucose tolerance test (gestational diabetes mellitus) or at entry to prenatal care (type 2 diabetes) and the initial glycosylated hemoglobin before insulin therapy were examined for a relationship to anomalies. RESULTS: The initial fasting serum glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels were significantly higher in pregnancies with major (n = 143) and minor (n = 112) anomalies and genetic syndromes (n = 9) compared with pregnancies with no anomalies (n = 3895). Of those pregnancies with major anomalies, the most commonly affected organ systems were the cardiac (37.6%), musculoskeletal (14.7%), and central nervous systems (9.8%) and anomalies involving multiple organ systems (16%). There was no increased predominance of any specific organ system involvement seen with increasing fasting serum glucose levels in pregnancies with major congenital anomalies. Pregnancies with major anomalies affecting multiple organ systems had significantly higher initial fasting serum glucose levels (166 +/- 64 mg/dL) compared with pregnancies in which one organ system was affected (141 +/- 55 mg/dL, P <.04) or no organ systems were affected (115 +/- 38 mg/dL, P <.0001). CONCLUSION: Congenital anomalies in offspring of women with gestational and type 2 diabetes affect the same organ systems that have been previously described in pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes. Increasing hyperglycemia at diagnosis or presentation for care was associated with an increasing risk of anomalies in general and with anomalies involving multiple organ systems without a preferential increase in involvement of specific organ system.
Fibrinoid necrosis and hyalinization observed in normal, diabetic and hypertensive placentae.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the fibrinoid necrosis and hyalinization extent in placenta observed in normal, diabetic and hypertensive pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: Comparative cross-sectional study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Dow University of Health Sciences, Karachi, from 2008-2010. METHODOLOGY: One hundred and fifty placentae were divided in three groups on the basis of their histories and clinical examination. Group A (control), Group B (Diabetic) and Group C (Hypertensive), each consisted of 50 samples. The samples were transferred to Dow Diagnostic Reference and Research Laboratory for histopathology and gross examination. The tissue samples were taken from different sites, processed and routine staining done. The slides were then examined under light microscope for hyalinization and fibrinoid necrosis. The data was analyzed by applying ANOVA and post-hoc Tukey at 95% confidence interval. Mean ± standard deviations (SD) were computed. RESULTS: The mean number of hyalinized villi in control group was 0.54 ± 0.908, 1.18 ± 1.9540 in the diabetic group and 2.14 ± 1.863 in the hypertensive group. The difference in their average turned out to be statistically significant (p-value < 0.001). Mean number of villi having fibrinoid necrosis was statistically significant in both the diabetic and hypertensive groups as compared to the control group i.e. 13.98 vs. 4.02 and 10.08 vs. 4.02 respectively (p-value < 0.001). CONCLUSION: There was significantly greater fibrinoid necrosis and hyalinization in placentae from mothers having diabetes and hypertension. The fibrinoid necrosis was seen more in diabetic group as compared to hypertensive and control, while hyalinization was observed more frequently in hypertensive group as compared to the other groups. Placental changes as seen in examination of delivered placentae will be helpful in preventing the adverse effects in successive pregnancies.
Wisconsin Stillbirth Service Program: analysis of large for gestational age cases.; Since its inception in 1983, the Wisconsin Stillbirth Service Program (WiSSP) has reviewed over 2,600 referrals. Among 2,451 with fetal weight and gestational age recorded, 186 (7.6%) were large for gestational age (LGA), which is more than expected. We reviewed these cases to identify factors causing or contributing to fetal death as well as increased fetal size. LGA losses tended to occur later in pregnancy than non-LGA losses. The most common cause of death in LGA fetuses was fetal (43.5%), followed by placental (22.6%), and maternal (11.2%), which contrasts with previous studies involving the same database, but unselected for fetal weight, in which 21.5%, 40.0%, and 12.7% had fetal, placental, and maternal causes, respectively. The most common fetal cause was hydrops (60 cases/32.4%), which was most frequently idiopathic (16/26.6%), followed by cardiac (11/18.3%), Turner syndrome (8/13.3%), and twin-twin transfusions (6/10.0%). Placental causes, most commonly abruption and infarct, were more frequent in diabetic mothers, accounting for 33% versus only 18% in the entire LGA group. In the LGA group overall, 21% of mothers were diabetic, and most stillbirths in diabetic mothers occurred after 28 weeks. Despite large placentas (>95th centile) in 71.8% of the LGA cohort compared to 11% previously reported in the entire database, the most extreme LGA cases had a high fetoplacental ratio. We recommend pathologic evaluation of placentas from all stillbirths, close follow-up of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and continued research into causes and pathophysiology of hydrops.
[Diabetes and pregnancy--a frequently underestimated problem].; Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy continues to be a relatively neglected problem and is often not adequately recognized. Currently, global screening for this condition is not accepted by health insurance carriers. Nevertheless, carbohydrate metabolism should always be carefully investigated during pregnancy. In the presence of risk factors, a 75-g glucose tolerance test (WHO standard test) is to be recommended. Indicators for the presence of gestational diabetes such as incipient fetal macrosomia, an increase in amniotic fluid or glucosuria must be detected and an appropriate diagnostic work-up initiated. Signs of fetal malformation of the heart, skeletal system or lower urinary tract should always prompt an oral glucose tolerance test during the pregnancy.
Clinical impact of mild carbohydrate intolerance in pregnancy: a study of 2904 nondiabetic Danish women with risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The objective was to study the clinical impact of mild carbohydrate intolerance in pregnant women with risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: This was a historical cohort study of 2904 pregnant women examined for gestational diabetes on the basis of risk factors. Information on oral glucose tolerance test results and clinical outcomes was collected from laboratory charts and medical records. RESULTS: The following outcomes increased significantly with increasing glucose values during the oral glucose tolerance test: shoulder dystocia, macrosomia, emergency cesarean section, assisted delivery, hypertension, and induction of labor. However, when corrections were made for other risk factors, hypertension and induction of labor were only marginally associated with glucose levels. CONCLUSION: In a group of nondiabetic pregnant women with risk factors for gestational diabetes, there was a graded increase in the frequency of shoulder dystocia and other maternal-fetal complications with increasing glucose levels during an oral glucose tolerance test.
Acute myocardial infarction in the first trimester of pregnancy.; Acute myocardial infarction rarely occurs in women during pregnancy. However, when it does occur, it usually carries a high risk of maternal and perinatal mortality. There is a lack of awareness that this condition can occur in pregnancy since coronary artery disease is uncommon in women of childbearing age. In this report, a 43-year-old lady with acute anterior myocardial infarction in her eighth week of pregnancy is presented. The challenges involved in diagnosing this condition in pregnancy are briefly discussed.
Fatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus of a woman with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is recognized in infants of diabetic mothers, and when it occurs it is generally benign and transient. We describe a case of fetal cardiac death caused by hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant of a diabetic mother. CASE: Hydrops fetalis caused by hypertrophic cardiomyopathy resulted in the death of a macrosomic male fetus of a young woman who had well-controlled diabetes mellitus and was treated with insulin therapy during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: It is important to monitor fetal heart function in macrosomic infants of diabetic mothers. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy might explain otherwise unexplained fetal deaths in women with diabetes.
[Pregnancy and myocardial infarct].; The authors described the pregnancy and delivery of a woman with unstable angina pectoris (ECG data for ischemic disease of the heart). Delivery occurred through the vagina without complications for the mother and fetus. The literary references treat the question about course of pregnancy, way of delivery and analgesia in women with myocardial infarction during pregnancy.
Alteration in IGF-I mRNA content of fetal swine tissues in response to maternal diabetes.; Diabetes alters the level of insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) mRNA in tissues of postnatal animals, but the impact of maternal diabetes or gestational diabetes on IGF-I mRNA abundance in fetal tissues has not been examined. Pregnant pigs were injected with either buffer or alloxan (50 mg/kg) at day 75 of gestation to induce diabetes. Fetal tissue samples were collected at day 105 of gestation, and IGF-I mRNA abundance (densitometric units/10 micrograms total RNA) were estimated by specific ribonuclease protection assay. Fetal glucose and IGF-I concentrations were increased 166 and 34%, respectively, by maternal diabetes. Maternal diabetes induced an increase in abundance of IGF-I mRNA in fetal skeletal muscle, liver, heart, kidney, and placenta. IGF-I mRNA levels were depressed by maternal diabetes in fetal adipose tissue and brain compared with the respective tissues from fetuses of control pigs. These data indicate that circulating levels of IGF-I and the steady-state levels of IGF-I mRNA in fetal tissues can respond to the metabolic and endocrine alterations occurring during maternal diabetes. The large variation in expression and degree of response among fetal tissues indicates that the fetus experiences tissue-specific regulation of IGF-I expression during development.
Analysis of Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Pregnant Women With Diabetes: Distinct Temporal Patterns of Glucose Associated With Large-for-Gestational-Age Infants.; OBJECTIVE: Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) is increasingly used to assess glucose control in diabetes. The objective was to examine how analysis of glucose data might improve our understanding of the role temporal glucose variation has on large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants born to women with diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Functional data analysis (FDA) was applied to 1.68 million glucose measurements from 759 measurement episodes, obtained from two previously published randomized controlled trials of CGM in pregnant women with diabetes. A total of 117 women with type 1 diabetes (n = 89) and type 2 diabetes (n = 28) who used repeated CGM during pregnancy were recruited from secondary care multidisciplinary obstetric clinics for diabetes in the U.K. and Denmark. LGA was defined as birth weight ≥90th percentile adjusted for sex and gestational age. RESULTS: A total of 54 of 117 (46%) women developed LGA. LGA was associated with lower mean glucose (7.0 vs. 7.1 mmol/L; P < 0.01) in trimester 1, with higher mean glucose in trimester 2 (7.0 vs. 6.7 mmol/L; P < 0.001) and trimester 3 (6.5 vs. 6.4 mmol/L; P < 0.01). FDA showed that glucose was significantly lower midmorning (0900-1100 h) and early evening (1900-2130 h) in trimester 1, significantly higher early morning (0330-0630 h) and throughout the afternoon (1130-1700 h) in trimester 2, and significantly higher during the evening (2030-2330 h) in trimester 3 in women whose infants were LGA. CONCLUSIONS: FDA of CGM data identified specific times of day that maternal glucose excursions were associated with LGA. It highlights trimester-specific differences, allowing treatment to be targeted to gestational glucose patterns.
Structural, functional and circulatory placental changes associated with impaired glucose metabolism.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations between structural, functional and circulatory placental changes in pregnancies complicated by impaired glucose metabolism. DESIGN: Umbilical artery (UA) blood flow resistance was measured by Doppler velocimetry in 21 gravidae with diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and 10 healthy gravidae. Umbilical and placental vessel segments were incubated for determination of prostacyclin and thromboxane synthesis, and tissues histologically examined. Non-parametric statistical tests at a two-tailed P<0.05 were used. RESULTS: Placental lesions were more common in diabetes/IGT and, although not being an uniform finding, in general associated with a higher vascular synthesis of thromboxane and/or lower prostacyclin/thromboxane synthesis ratio. As an exception, ischemic villitis was associated with a higher ratio and higher UA flow resistance. CONCLUSIONS: Placental lesions are associated with an altered vascular prostanoid synthesis in diabetes/IGT, but not until structural signs of ischemia develop is a rise of UA blood flow resistance detected.
Late-gestation ventricular myocardial reduction in fetuses of hyperglycemic CD1 mice is associated with increased apoptosis.; BACKGROUND: Previous work in our laboratory showed reduced myocardium and dilated ventricular chambers in gestation day (GD) 17 hearts that were collected from hyperglycemic CD1 mouse dams. Pre-breeding maternal immune stimulation, using Freund's complete adjuvant (FCA), diminished the severity of these fetal heart lesions. The following experiments were performed to detect possible changes in fetal heart apoptotic cell death, under hyperglycemic conditions and with or without maternal immune stimulation. METHODS: Female CD1 mice were injected with 200 mg/kg of streptozocin (STZ) to induce insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Half of these mice received prior FCA injection. Fetal hearts were collected on GD 17 and myocardial apoptotic cells were quantified using flow cytometry. A panel of apoptosis regulatory genes (Bcl2, p53, Casp3, Casp9, PkCe) was then examined in the fetal myocardium using RT-PCR. RESULTS: Early apoptotic cells and late apoptotic/necrotic cells were significantly increased in fetal hearts from STZ or STZ+FCA dams. Pre-treatment with FCA reduced late apoptotic/necrotic cells to control level, suggesting some cell death protection was rendered by FCA. Paradoxically in the face of such increased cell death, the expression of pro-apoptotic genes Casp3 and Casp9 was decreased by diabetes, while the anti-apoptotic gene Bcl2 was increased. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hyperglycemia causes dys-regulated apoptosis of fetal myocardial cells. Such effect may be prevented by maternal immune stimulation.
Early postpartum metabolic assessment in women with prior gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To present the results of early postpartum metabolic assessment in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to determine predictive factors for subsequent diabetes, and to investigate the association of postpartum glucose tolerance with other components of the metabolic syndrome. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 788 women were evaluated 3-6 months after a GDM pregnancy. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed. Cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, BMI, and body fat distribution were assessed. Clinical and obstetric history, baseline variables at the diagnosis of GDM, metabolic control during pregnancy, and index pregnancy outcome were compared in women with diabetes and women without diabetes (American Diabetes Association [ADA] criteria) after pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to ascertain independent predictors of subsequent diabetes. Correlation coefficients were assessed between postpartum glucose tolerance and lipid levels, blood pressure, BMI, and body fat distribution. RESULTS: According to ADA criteria, 588 (74.6%) women were normal, 46 (5.8%) had impaired fasting glucose, 82 (10.4%) had impaired glucose tolerance, 29 (3.7%) had both impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance, and 43 (5.4%) had diabetes. Prepregnancy obesity, recurrence of GDM, gestational age at diagnosis of GDM, glucose values in the 100-g OGTT, number of abnormal values in the 100-g OGTT, fasting C-peptide levels in pregnancy, C-peptide/glucose score in pregnancy, insulin requirement in pregnancy, 3rd trimester HbA1c levels, and macrosomia differed significantly in women with subsequent diabetes. Independent predictors of postpartum diabetes were prepregnancy obesity, C-peptide/glucose score during pregnancy, and the number of abnormal values in the 100-g diagnostic OGTT. The area under the postpartum glucose curve was positively associated with BMI, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, triglycerides, and systolic and diastolic blood pressures. CONCLUSIONS: Low C-peptide/glucose score during pregnancy together with prepregnancy obesity and severity of GDM (number of abnormal values in the 100-g diagnostic OGTT) are independent predictors of subsequent diabetes. Our data suggest that regardless of obesity and severity of GDM, a beta-cell defect increases the risk of postpartum diabetes. The association of postpartum glucose tolerance with triglyceride levels, blood pressure, obesity, and regional distribution of body fat suggests that postpartum glucose intolerance anticipates a high-risk cardiovascular profile that comprises other risk factors besides diabetes.
Reversible alteration of myocardial function in gestational diabetes.; Left ventricular function was evaluated in 24 women who developed impaired glucose tolerance only during their pregnancy, i.e. patients with gestational diabetes. The results were compared with those of 25 normal pregnant women and with those of 17 pregnant women with clinical diabetes. The method of systolic time intervals was applied. At the third trimester of pregnancy, both the women with overt diabetes and those with gestational diabetes, when compared with normal pregnant subjects, had a more prolonged pre-ejection period (PEP) and a shorter left ventricular ejection time (LVET) and, consequently, a higher PEP/LVET ratio. Five weeks after delivery, abnormalities of systolic time intervals persisted in patients with clinical diabetes, but there were no differences at this time between patients with gestational diabetes and those in the control group. It is concluded that when a cardiac load is superimposed on patients who develop diabetes only under conditions of stress, as in pregnancy (gestational diabetes), abnormalities of myocardial function appear, which revert to normal when the stressful event is removed.
Assessment of fetal distress based on magnetic resonance examinations: preliminary report.; RATIONALE AND OBJECTIVES: Hypoxia is the main cause of injuries and intrauterine death of the fetus. Therefore, the main aim of monitoring and assessment of the fetus should be diagnosis of fetal distress before irreversible changes occur. Besides the fetal condition assessment methods used so far, in recent years in obstetrics new non-invasive imaging methods were introduced such as magnetic resonance (MR). This method enables morphologic evaluation of brain and brain tissue metabolism using magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twenty pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (11 cases, including 3 with coexisting diabetes mellitus and 2 with intrauterine growth retardation), chronic hypertension (2 cases), gestational diabetes mellitus (6 cases), and suspected intrauterine fetal growth retardation (IUGR) participated in the study. Cardiotocography (CTG) and Doppler ultrasound examination of the blood flow in the umbilical artery and in the middle cerebral artery were performed. RESULTS: In case of abnormal CTG and Doppler study records that indicated fetal hypoxia, MR studies showed the existence of ischemic focus in 5 patients and abnormal spectral images in 6 patients. CONCLUSION: The results of the preliminary study suggests that the use of MR in prenatal diagnosis may revolutionize the early detection of fetal injury in fetal distress. It is a valuable component of the diagnostic process, supplementing other examinations. The use of MR to assess fetal condition gives additional information and helps to make decisions about therapeutic actions.
CLINICAL AND ECHOCARDIOGRAPHIC FINDINGS IN NEWBORNS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS.; The aim of the study was to assess the use of echocardiographic measurements in newborns of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality in pregnancy and in perinatal period. Thirty-five newborns of diabetic mothers (pre- gestational or gestational diabetes; case group) and thirty-five controls (control group), born between January 2009 and December 2012 in Cluj-Napoca (north-west of Romania), were included in this study. A Logiq e ultrasound with an 8 MHz transducer was used to measure echocardiographic parameters. The interventricular septal thickness in case group was higher as compared with control group (at end systole = 6.61 ± 1.64 mm vs. 5.75 ± 0.95 mm, p = 0.0371; at end diastole = 4.61 ± 1.59 mm vs. 3.42 ± 0.70 mm, p = 0.0001). A risk ratio of 2.333 (0.656, 8.298) was obtained for septal hypertrophy. A higher proportion of septal hypertrophy was identified in the newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to the newborns of pregestational diabetes mothers (p = 0.0058). The mean birth weight was significantly higher in newborns of diabetic mothers (3695.57 ± 738.63) as compared with controls (3276.14 ± 496.51; p = 0.0071). Infants born to mothers with diabetes proved to be at a high risk of septal hypertrophy.
Assessment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the presence of ventricular diastolic dysfunction by tissue Doppler in fetuses of diabetic mothers, with or without septal hypertrophy, in comparison to fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. METHODS: A contemporary transverse study in fetuses with a gestational age between 25 weeks to term, studying diastolic function by assessment using tissue Doppler and pulsed wave Doppler of the atrioventricular diastolic flow. The mothers of the fetuses all had previous or gestational diabetes, and were referred to the Fetal Cardiology Unit of the Institute of Cardiology in Porto Alegre, Brazil. We analysed variance with the Student-Neumann-Keuls post hoc test. An alfa of 0.05 was considered significant for statistical analysis. RESULTS: The mean myocardial velocities of the E'and A' waves at the mural mitral annulus, in fetuses of diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, were, respectively, 7.00 plus or minus 1.6 centimetres per second, and 10.24 plus or minus 3.3 centimetres per second. In the fetuses of diabetic mothers group without myocardial hypertrophy, the comparable values were 7.19 plus or minus 2.4 centimetres per second and 10.77 plus or minus 3.77 centimetres per second, respectively. In the control group, they were 4.81 plus or minus 0.85 centimetres per second and 8.01 plus or minus 2.2 centimetres per second. The difference between the velocities in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in fetal normal mothers was statistically significant (p less than 0.05). Statistically significant differences were also observed in E' and A' diastolic waves at the aortic mitral annulus, as well as for the tricuspid annulus when tissue Doppler assessment was carried out in the same sample. The mean ratio between the E and E' of mitral and tricuspid waves in the control fetuses of normal mothers was significantly higher than in fetuses of diabetic mothers. CONCLUSION: Pulsed tissue Doppler, when used in fetuses of diabetic mothers and compared with fetuses of nondiabetic mothers, shows evidence of impaired diastolic function, independently of the presence of myocardial hypertrophy.
Accuracy, User Acceptability, and Safety Evaluation for the FreeStyle Libre Flash Glucose Monitoring System When Used by Pregnant Women with Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Accuracy of the FreeStyle Libre™ Flash Glucose Monitoring System has not been evaluated in pregnant women with diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine accuracy (compared to self-monitoring of blood glucose [SMBG]), clinical safety, and acceptability of the FreeStyle Libre System when used at home by this population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Seventy-four participants, with type 1 (T1D, n = 24), type 2 (T2D, n = 11), or gestational (n = 39) diabetes, were enrolled across 13 sites (9 in United Kingdom, 4 in Austria). Average gestation was 26.6 ± 6.8 weeks (mean ± standard deviation), age was 30.5 ± 5.1 years, diabetes duration was 13.1 ± 7.3 years for T1D and 3.2 ± 2.5 years for T2D, and 49/74 (66.2%) used insulin to manage their diabetes. Sensors were worn for up to 14 days. Sensor glucose values (masked) were compared with capillary SMBG values (made at least 4 times/day). RESULTS: Clinical accuracy of sensor results versus SMBG results was demonstrated, with 88.1% and 99.8% of results within Zone A and Zones A and B of the Consensus Error Grid, respectively. Overall mean absolute relative difference was 11.8%. Sensor accuracy was unaffected by the type of diabetes, the stage of pregnancy, whether insulin was used, age or body mass index. User questionnaires indicated high levels of satisfaction with sensor wear, system use, and comparison to SMBG. There were no unanticipated device-related adverse events. CONCLUSIONS: Good agreement was demonstrated between the FreeStyle Libre System and SMBG. Accuracy of the system was unaffected by patient characteristics, indicating that the system is safe and accurate to use by pregnant women with diabetes.
Tissue Doppler is more sensitive and reproducible than spectral pulsed-wave Doppler for fetal right ventricle myocardial performance index determination in normal and diabetic pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to compare the reproducibility, agreement, and sensitivity of pulsed-wave Doppler tissue imaging (DTI) versus spectral Doppler assessment of right ventricular (RV) myocardial performance index (MPI) in midgestation fetuses in both a normal and a disease state. METHODS: RV MPI was calculated using pulsed-wave DTI and spectral Doppler in normal pregnancies (n = 69) and in women with pregestational diabetes (n = 51). Intraobserver and interobserver variability and agreement were evaluated using Bland-Altman analysis. Student's t tests were used for comparisons of differences. RESULTS: In normal fetuses, RV MPI derived by the two methods showed no statistical difference, were interchangeable (DTI, 0.51 ± 0.10; spectral Doppler, 0.50 ± 0.12; P = .686), and were in agreement by Bland-Altman analysis. However, in fetuses of mothers with diabetes, the two methods produced different RV MPI measurements (DTI, 0.56 ± 0.10; spectral Doppler, 0.51 ± 0.12; P < .001). Intraobserver and interobserver bias was lower for DTI. CONCLUSIONS: The DTI method of measuring fetal RV MPI is more sensitive, has less variability and more precision, and is better able to demonstrate subtle abnormalities in cardiac function than the spectral Doppler method in diabetic versus normal pregnancies.
Obstetric management of obesity in pregnancy.; Rates of obesity among the pregnant population have increased substantially and adiposity has a damaging effect on every aspect of female reproductive life. This review summarises epidemiological data concerning obesity-related complications of pregnancy. Obesity is linked to a number of adverse obstetric outcomes as well as increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. These complications include miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, iatrogenic preterm delivery, postdates pregnancy with increased rates of induction of labour, caesarean section, postpartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, infection, venous thromboembolism, and increased hospital stay. It is important to consider obese pregnant women as a high risk group with a linear increase in risk of complications associated with their degree of obesity. Their obstetric management should be consultant-led and involve a multidisciplinary team approach to improve outcome.
Role of fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies.; The role of fetal surveillance in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus without evidence of hypertension, microvascular disease, or fetopathy is questioned.
[Relationship between the level of maternal glycated hemoglobin and fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy].; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder commonly associated with pregnancy. It is shown that as the management of diabetes during pregnancy is optimized, decreases the frequency and severity of fetal and neonatal complications. The aim of this paper is to identify the relation between the level of maternal glycated hemoglobin and fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. METHODS: An analitytic cross-sectional study was conducted. It included patients with single pregnancy of 28-37 weeks diagnosed with gestational or preconception diabetes mellitus. A fetal echocardiogram were performed, likewise measuring of glycated hemoglobin. RESULTS: 104 diabetic pregnant patients were included in the study, 83 patients in the group with normal glycated hemoglobin and 21 in the group with altered glycated hemoglobin. Of the 104 patients, 12 had fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; 5 of the group with normal glycated hemoglobin and 7 with altered glycated hemoglobin. There is a clear association previously reported between the level maternal metabolic control and the presence of fetal and neonatal complications. CONCLUSIONS: A positive correlation between the values of high maternal glycated hemoglobin and increased thickness of the fetal ventricular septum was observed. Fetal echocardiographic assessment is recommended for all pregnant women with gestational and pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus in order to early detection of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Underappreciated risks of the elderly multipara.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to identify the age-related increased risks of the elderly gravida by clarifying the effects of age and parity, their combination, and their interaction. STUDY DESIGN: We studied 9556 singleton pregnancies in women aged 20 to 29 years or > or = 35 years delivered over an 8-year period. Data were analyzed by stepwise multiway contingency table analysis, with p < 0.002 considered significant. RESULTS: Many of the previously reported risks of the elderly gravida are expected on the basis of age and parity. Significant associations (primarily related to advanced age) included higher frequencies of obesity, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes, and large-for-gestational-age and macrosomic infants. These elderly gravidas, on the other hand, had fewer postdates pregnancies. Although often overlooked, the greatest age-related increases in risk for induction (1.8 times), preeclampsia (2.7 times), gestational diabetes (4.5 times), clinical diabetes (3.2 times), oxytocin use (1.7 times), and macrosomia (1.6 times) occur in multiparas, not nulliparas. The risk for preeclampsia in the elderly multipara is significantly higher than expected on the basis of age and parity. CONCLUSION: The increased risks of the elderly multipara may have been overshadowed by the previous focus on the elderly nullipara. It is important to recognize the increases in age-related risks of the elderly multipara to appropriately counsel and manage this group of patients.
Impaired glucose tolerance associated with adverse pregnancy outcome: a population-based study in southern Sweden.; OBJECTIVE: We conducted a population-based study of maternal and neonatal characteristics and delivery complications in relation to the outcome of a 75-g, 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test at 25 to 30 weeks' gestation. STUDY DESIGN: An oral glucose tolerance test was offered to pregnant women in a geographically defined population. Pregnancy outcome was analyzed according to the test result. RESULTS: Among women delivered at Lund Hospital, we identified 4526 women with an oral glucose tolerance value of <7.8 mmol/L (<140 mg/dL), 131 women with a value of 7.8 to 8.9 mmol/L (140-162 mg/dL), and 116 women with gestational diabetes (> or =9.0 mmol/L [> or =162 mg/dL]). A further 28 cases of gestational diabetes were identified, giving a prevalence of 1.2%. An increased rate of cesarean delivery and infant macrosomia was observed in the group with a glucose tolerance value of 7.8 to 8.9 mmol/L (140-162 mg/dL) and in the gestational diabetes group. Advanced maternal age and high body mass index were risk factors for increased oral glucose tolerance values in 12,657 screened women in the area. CONCLUSION: The study stresses the significance of moderately increased oral glucose tolerance values.
Clinical characteristics, modalities and complications of diabetic patients with migration background at a Central European University Clinic.; The objective of the present study was to assess (i) the effects of immigration on the outcome of 200 consecutive singleton pregnancies in women with overt diabetes as well as (ii) gender-specific differences in cardiovascular risk factor profile and the achievement of therapeutic targets in type 2 diabetic subjects with migration background (n = 50). In pregnant subjects, baseline characteristics at admission, pregnancy outcome and the rate of obstetrical complications were similar in immigrant and non-immigrant women. Type 2 diabetes and also preconceptionally undiagnosed diabetes were significantly more frequent in women with migration background. Following delivery, immigrants presented with a worse metabolic profile, including higher triglyceride and nonHDL levels, than the indigenous population. Furthermore, within diabetic subjects with a migration background, non-pregnant women feature a more adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile than men. However, no gender-specific differences in the total adherence to clinical recommendations according to clinical recommendations have been found.
[Pregnancy induced hypertension risk factors in diabetes mellitus pregnant women].; BACKGROUND: Relation between gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension increases significantly the maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality risk. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the risk factors for pregnancy-induced hypertension in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In this case-control study, were compared a total of 90 women with gestational diabetes mellitus according to absence (controls, n = 60) or presence (cases, n = 30) of pregnancy-induced hypertension in terms of demographic data, previous reproductive history, maternal and neonatal characteristics. Odds ratios and 95 percent confidence intervals were calculated to estimate the effects of individual factors on the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension. RESULTS: In our study, the body mass index in cases was greater than controls (35.70 +/- 8.7 vs. 31.17 +/- 5.2). In addition, pregnancy-induced hypertension in a previous pregnancy was the only factor associated with an increased risk of recurrent hypertension (OR = 4.52, IC95%: 1.02-20.03). CONCLUSIONS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension in a previous pregnancy require more surveillance for to prevent or achieve an early diagnosis and treatment of hypertension, and if the woman is overweight, she should be offered advice on life style adjustment for to avoid maternal and perinatal complications.
The effect of vascular coiling on venous perfusion during experimental umbilical cord encirclement.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of these studies was to compare venous perfusion in umbilical cords subjected to a standardized tight encirclement force. Comparisons were made between cords from normal pregnancies and those complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus and intrauterine growth restriction. STUDY DESIGN: The cannulated cord segment was wrapped around a plastic container, which in turn was attached with nylon string to a hanging graduated measuring cylinder in which known volumes of water could be applied for weight. The cord was perfused with Krebs solution to a constant venous perfusion pressure of 40 mm Hg. Weights of 100-g increments were applied until total cessation of venous perfusion was observed. The weight, length, number of vascular coils, and degree of hydration were recorded for each cord. The coiling index was defined as the number of vascular coils per 10 cm of cord. RESULTS: Regression analysis of 34 cords (normal, n = 16; gestational diabetes mellitus, n = 12; intrauterine growth restriction, n = 6) identified a significant inverse correlation (P =.0003, Spearman rank correlation) between coiling index and the minimum weight required to occlude venous perfusion. Cords from pregnancies complicated by intrauterine growth restriction displayed a higher frequency of vascular coiling and were more easily occluded (median weight, 350 g) than were cords from pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, which were less coiled and tended to resist occlusion (median weight, 1100 g). CONCLUSION: During experimental cord encirclement there was a significant inverse relationship between vascular coiling and susceptibility to cord venous occlusion when traction was applied to the encirclement.
Small artery function 2 years postpartum in women with altered glycaemic distributions in their preceding pregnancy.; GDM (gestational diabetes mellitus) is associated with later adverse cardiovascular risk. The present study examined the relationship between glycaemia during pregnancy and small artery function and structures approx. 2 years postpartum. Women were originally enrolled in the HAPO (Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome) study from which they were classified by their glycaemic distribution during pregnancy as controls (in the lower half of the distribution), UQ (upper quartile; in the UQ of the glycaemic distribution) or having had overt GDM. Subcutaneous arteries from a gluteal fat biopsy taken at follow-up 2 years later were examined using wire myography. Small artery structure, stiffness and vasoconstrictor responses were similar across groups. Maximal endothelium-dependent dilation in response to carbachol was impaired in arteries from both GDM (43.3%, n=8 and P=0.01) and UQ (51.7%, n=13 and P=0.04) women despite generally 'normal' current glycaemia (controls, 72.7% and n=8). Inhibition of NOS (nitric oxide synthase) significantly reduced maximum endothelium-dependent dilation in controls but had no effect on arteries from UQ and GDM women, suggesting impaired NOS activity in these groups. Endothelium-independent dilation was unaffected in arteries from previous GDM and UQ women when compared with the control group. Multiple regression analysis suggested that BMI (body mass index) at biopsy was the most potent factor independently associated with small artery function, with no effect of current glycaemia. Overweight women with either GDM or marginally raised glycaemia during pregnancy (our UQ group) had normal vascular structure and stiffness, but clearly detectable progressively impaired endothelium-dependent function at 2 years follow-up. These results suggest that vascular pathology, which may still be reversible, is detectable very early in women at risk of decline into Type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Frequency, timing, and diagnoses of antenatal hospitalizations in women with high-risk pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the frequency, time of gestation, and reasons for antenatal hospitalizations in women with medically high-risk pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: This secondary analysis reports all antenatal hospitalizations from a clinical trial testing transitional care to women with high-risk pregnancies. Data were collected from 1992 to 1996. Pregnant women with pregestational (n = 16) or gestational diabetes (n = 21), hypertension (n = 29), and diagnosed (n = 47) or at high risk for preterm labor (n = 37) were included. Diagnoses for each hospitalization and lengths of stay were collected from chart review and validated by attending physicians. Gestation was determined via ultrasonography. The sample (N = 150) consisted of predominantly African-American women, never married, between the ages of 15 and 40 with Medicaid insurance. RESULTS: Eighty-three percent (n = 125) of the women had one or more antenatal hospitalization with a mean length of stay of 123 hours. All women with diabetes were hospitalized at least once. Women with pregestational diabetes had the greatest number of hospitalizations whereas those with gestational diabetes had the least. Major reasons for hospitalizations were preterm labor, glucose control, premature cervical dilation, and preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Some hospitalizations could potentially be avoided or reduced through expanded patient education, improved screening, and more aggressive monitoring for early signs and symptoms of impending complications.
Infant Death Following Home Birth: A Case Report of Fatal Neonatal Hypoglycemia.; Infants born to diabetic mothers are at increased risk for symptomatic hypoglycemia and death after birth. A 36-year-old G4P3 mother with a history of gestational diabetes and newly diagnosed type II insulin-dependent diabetes gave birth at home, in the care of a midwife, to a macrosomic infant girl (10 lbs.). Several hours after birth, the infant became lethargic and was found to be hypoglycemic (blood sugar: 28 mg/dL). Glucose and sugar water were administered by the midwife; however, the infant continued to decompensate. Emergency medical services were called, and the infant was transported to the hospital where, despite resuscitative efforts, she died. An autopsy and review of the literature was performed. At autopsy, characteristic features of maternal-fetal glucose dysregulation were identified, including fetal macrosomia, cardiomegaly, hepatomegaly, and severe pancreatic islet cell hypertrophy/hyperplasia. Developmental abnormalities and other potential causes of death were not identified. Although deaths due to hypoglycemia cannot be reliably diagnosed postmortem using vitreous glucose levels, a clinical history of maternal glucose dysregulation in combination with certain gross and histologic findings should prompt a pathologist to consider maternal-fetal glucose dysregulation as a diagnosis of exclusion and cause of death.
Three patients presenting with severe macrosomia and congenital hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: a case series.; BACKGROUND: Macrosomia and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are two features often associated in neonates of diabetic mothers. We report the cases of three patients with severe macrosomia and critical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy without severely unbalanced maternal diabetes. Only three patients with those two features and no uncontrolled maternal diabetes have been previously reported. CASE PRESENTATION: The first patient was a 39-week-old girl, the second patient was a 39-week-old girl, and the third patient was a 41-week-old boy. The two French girls and the French boy had severe macrosomia and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, leading to the death of the boy. The outcome of the two girls was favorable, with a standardization of growth curves and ventricular hypertrophy. Their mothers presented with high body mass index but no severe documented maternal diabetes; glycemic imbalance was only suspected on postnatal analyses. There was no hydramnios during pregnancy and no other environmental factor, especially toxic exposure. Their parents are from Mayotte, Guadeloupe, and Guinea-Conakry. The usual genetics causes, Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome, and chromosomal copy number variation, were also excluded. CONCLUSIONS: This report suggests the implication of other factors in addition to glycemic disorders, including genetic factors, in the occurrence of macrosomia and severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in neonates. These three original observations indicate that gynecologists and neonatologists should pay attention to neonates from mothers with a high body mass index and when maternal diabetes is not documented.
Intrauterine programming of lipid metabolic alterations in the heart of the offspring of diabetic rats is prevented by maternal diets enriched in olive oil.; SCOPE: Maternal diabetes can program metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. The aim of this work was to address whether an olive oil supplemented diet during pregnancy can prevent lipid metabolic alterations in the heart of the offspring of mild diabetic rats. METHODS AND RESULTS: Control and diabetic Wistar rats were fed during pregnancy with either a standard diet or a 6% olive oil supplemented diet. The heart of adult offspring from diabetic rats showed increases in lipid concentrations (triglycerides in males and phospholipids, cholesterol, and free fatty acids in females), which were prevented with the maternal diets enriched in olive oil. Maternal olive oil supplementation increased the content of unsaturated fatty acids in the hearts of both female and male offspring from diabetic rats (possibly due to a reduction in lipoperoxidation), increased the expression of Δ6 desaturase in the heart of male offspring from diabetic rats, and increased the expression of peroxisome proliferator activated receptor α in the hearts of both female and male offspring from diabetic rats. CONCLUSION: Relevant alterations in cardiac lipid metabolism were evident in the adult offspring of a mild diabetic rat model, and regulated by maternal diets enriched in olive oil.
Umbilical vein thrombosis and maternal diabetes mellitus.; Antenatal thrombosis of the umbilical vessels is a rare phenomenon and is associated with high perinatal mortality. Chorionic vessel and perinatal renal venous thromboses occur more frequently in the offspring of diabetic mothers. Nonimmunologic hydrops fetalis is also an uncommon occurrence, the cause of which often remains obscure. A unique case of nonimmunologic hydrops fetalis occurring in the fetus of a gestational diabetic and associated with the intrauterine development of a nearly totally occlusive thrombus in the umbilical vein is presented. Etiologic considerations are discussed.
Inverse changes in fetal insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 and IGF binding protein-1 in association with higher birth weight in maternal diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The insulin like growth factor (IGF) system plays a key role in regulating fetal growth, is metabolically regulated, and may influence development of increased birth weight in offspring of mothers with diabetes. We examined IGF-1 and IGF binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) concentrations in cord blood samples from offspring of mothers with gestational and type 2 diabetes. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Case-control study of Maori and Pacific Island mothers recruited prospectively at Middlemore Hospital, South Auckland, New Zealand. MEASUREMENTS: Cord blood (for insulin, IGF-1 and IGFBP-1) was taken from umbilical vein at birth from singleton babies born after 32 weeks of gestation from138 mothers with gestational diabetes (GDM), 39 mothers with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and 95 control mothers. RESULTS: Babies born to mothers with both GDM and T2DM had significantly increased birth weight (Z-score birth weight mean +/- SD: GDM 0.94 +/- 1.31, T2DM 0.53 +/- 1.1) compared to controls (Z-score birth weight -0.08 +/- 1.10). IGFBP-1 was significantly reduced in both diabetic groups (median interquartile range: GDM 67(31-137) ng/ml, T2DM 59(29-105) ng/ml, control 114(56-249) ng/ml). Cord IGF-1 was significantly increased in cord blood of infants of mothers with GDM (42.2 +/- 16.3 ng/ml vs. control 34.7 +/- 18.5 ng/ml) but not T2DM (38.7 +/- 17.4 ng/ml). In all offspring, IGF-1 and IGFBP-1 were positively and negatively correlated with birth weight, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes results in inverse changes of circulating fetal IGF-1 and IGFBP-1 at birth. A decrease in circulating IGFBP-1 and to a lesser extent an increase in circulating IGF-1 may present an important mechanism that contributes to increased birth weight in diabetic pregnancies.
Insulin glargine versus neutral protamine Hagedorn insulin for treatment of diabetes in pregnancy.; We compared maternal and neonatal outcomes in diabetic pregnancies treated with either insulin glargine or neutral protamine Hagedorn (NPH) insulin. We performed a retrospective chart review of diabetic pregnant patients using the Diabetes Care Center of Wake Forest University during the years 2000 to 2005. Outcomes of interest included maternal hemoglobin A1C, average fasting and 2-hour postprandial blood sugars, mode of delivery, birth weight, 5-minute Apgar score < 7, umbilical artery pH < 7.20, incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia, and pregnancy complications. A total of 52 diabetic pregnant patients were included in this study. Twenty-seven women used insulin glargine. A total of 13 women used insulin glargine during the first trimester. Glycemic control was similar in women who used NPH insulin and insulin glargine, as determined by hemoglobin A1C levels and mean blood sugar values. There were no differences in mode of delivery, average birth weight, or neonatal outcomes. Maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes appear similar in pregnant diabetic women who use either NPH insulin or insulin glargine in combination with a short-acting insulin analogue to achieve adequate glycemic control during pregnancy. Insulin glargine appears to be an effective insulin analogue for use in women whose pregnancies are complicated by diabetes.
Altered mitochondrial morphology of rat embryos in diabetic pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies in vivo and in vitro have suggested that the oxidative metabolism of the embryo may have a role in the teratogenicity of diabetic pregnancy. In particular, the production of reactive oxygen species by the embryonic mitochondria has been implicated in the teratological process. The induction of congenital malformations by the diabetic milieu occurs during the early embryonic development. The present study aimed to estimate the role of the embryonic mitochondria in the teratological process of diabetic pregnancy by studying mitochondrial morphology in the embryos exposed to a diabetic environment in vivo or in vitro during early organogenesis and late fetal development. METHODS: For studies in vivo embryos of control or streptozotocin-diabetic rats were taken at gestational days 9-11 and subjected to light and electron microscopical analysis. The brain, heart, and liver of day-15 fetuses were also observed. For studies in vitro day-9 embryos of normal rats were cultured in a whole-embryo culture system for 48 hours. The culture media were supplied with high concentration of diabetes-related substrates and metabolites, and their effect on structure of embryonic neuroepithelial cells determined. RESULTS: The light microscopical observations demonstrated numerous cytoplasmic vacuoles in the ectoderm of day-9 embryos and in the neuroepithelium and blood cells of day-10 and day-11 embryos of diabetic rats. Ultrastructurally, these vacuoles were found to be mitochondria undergoing large-amplitude swelling with loss of matrix density and disturbed cristae. In contrast, no mitochondrial differences were found in the brain, heart, and liver, when day-15 fetuses from normal and diabetic rats were compared. Ultrastructural analysis of day-9 embryos cultured for 48 hours in the presence of high concentrations of D-glucose, pyruvate, beta-hydroxybutyrate, and alpha-ketoisocaproate also showed high-amplitude mitochondrial swelling in the neuroepithelium. The mitochondrial swelling was, however, not found in embryos cultured in a high concentration of L-glucose, excluding simple osmotic effects of the diabetes-related substrates and metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: The mitochondrial morphological changes appeared in embryos subjected to a diabetic environment during a time period when the congenital malformations in diabetic pregnancy are induced. The results support the notion that embryonic mitochondria are involved in the teratological process of diabetic pregnancy.
A class of diabetes in mother, glycemic control in early pregnancy and occurrence of congenital malformations in newborn infants.; The study compares an occurrence rate of congenital malformations in newborn infants of mothers with insulin dependent diabetes (IDDM) and newborns of healthy mothers and mothers with pregnancy diabetes (GDM). This paper evaluates the influence of stage of advancement (a class) of diabetes in the mother and its control during early pregnancy on a rate of congenital malformations in the fetus. We have taken a group of 170 neonates of mothers with IDDM. The control group was 56 newborn infants of mothers with GDM and 26,368 newborn infants of healthy women. We found 11.2% of congenital malformations in newborn infants of mothers with IDDM, compared to 1.8% of ones in the newborn infant population of mothers with GDM and 2.2% in the population of healthy mothers. The occurrence rate of congenital malformations in offspring of diabetic mothers with IDDM was 5-times higher than in the general population of newborn infants of healthy and also mothers with GDM. A risk of major birth defect occurrence in the fetus was directly proportional to the grade of the blood glucose level control in mothers during the I trimester of pregnancy, but the presence of diabetic angiopathy (classes D-H) had a significant influence on the occurrence rate of major birth defects in the fetus only in metabolic imbalance cases.
Role of fetal echocardiography in the evaluation of structure and function of fetal heart in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To detect the structural and functional changes of fetal hearts in diabetic pregnancies by using Doppler echocardiography. METHODS: This prospective study included 119 pregnant women divided into three groups. Group 1 included 47 pregnant patients with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM), group 2 included 40 patients with gestational diabetes and group 3 included 32 non-diabetic pregnant women. M-mode echocardiography was used to measure the thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum. The mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular shortening fraction were measured. RESULTS: HbA1c % was significantly lower in gestational diabetes group compared with the pre-existing diabetes group. The interventricular septum was significantly thicker in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with other groups. Tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios were significantly lower in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with gestational diabetes and control groups. Moreover, there were no significant differences in the tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios between gestational diabetes group and the control group. The right and left ventricular shortening fractions were similar in the three groups. CONCLUSION: Fetuses of women with well-controlled gestational diabetes lack the diastolic dysfunction that is present in fetuses of women with pre-existing diabetes.
Management and outcome of gestational diabetes in Alexandra Hospital, Singapore.; We analysed 216 patients with gestational diabetes over a 3 year period. These patients were managed by a diabetic team under a standardised protocol. Forty percent of these patients required insulin therapy. The incidence of pregnancy hypertension was 14.4%, macrosomia 8.8% and major congenital malformation 3.7%. The Caesarean Section rate was 34% and the overall Perinatal Mortality Rate was 1.9%. However, neonatal morbidity rate remained high--44% of infants have had one neonatal complication and 17.6% had 2 or more complications. Pregnancy outcome was further analysed among patients with different degrees of glucose intolerance at diagnosis. We noted that both macrosomic rate, neonatal morbidity rate, as well as proportion of patients requiring insulin were higher in the group with a higher degree of glucose intolerance. There was, however, no difference in incidence of hypertension or hydramnios in the different subgroups.
[Effect of maternal diabetes on human and rat fetal development].; Diabetes is a genetically determined metabolic disease with fasting hyperglycemia due to relative or absolute absence of insulin. With the use of exogenous insulin, successful gestations are now possible. Nevertheless, there are still severe problems associated, such as spontaneous abortion, perinatal mortality and congenital malformations. Caudal regression syndrome, disclosure of the neural tube and cardiovascular alterations are the most common malformations. Gestational diabetes can induce increased fetal corporal fat and macrosomia with hyperinsulinemia, hypoglycemic, hypoxia, metabolic acidosis and perinatal death. During adult life, diabetic mothers' children can develop obesity, glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes. In order to study fetuses' alterations during diabetic gestations we now have animal models of diabetes. Maternal diabetes in rats alters fetal development in a very similar manner to that of humans. Although we do not accurately know the pathogenic mechanism by which diabetes produces fetuses' abnormal development, hyperglycemia and hyperketonemia had been mentioned to have predominant roles. Hyperglycemia damages DNA and increases oxidative stress and hyperketonemia increases the rate of embryo malformations. The addition of antioxidants such as C and E vitamins can reduce this damage. During adult life, diabetic rats' cubs have alterations in glucose metabolism and in reproductive function. The understanding of mechanisms by which maternal diabetes affects fetuses development, can help us to prevent complications and improve mothers' and children's life quality.
Umbilical artery Doppler blood velocity waveforms in normal and abnormal gestations.; Blood velocity patterns in peripheral arteries reflect hemodynamic characteristics, particularly systemic vascular resistance. Doppler blood velocity waveforms in umbilical arteries (UA) indirectly assess placental vascular resistance (P1VR) and therefore an abnormal waveform value may serve as an index of placental insufficiency associated with elevated P1VR. We prospectively studied the ratio of peak-systolic to end-diastolic velocities (A/B ratio) in the UA of 113 normal fetuses on 121 occasions over a period of 4 years. A range-gated, pulsed Doppler, duplex, two-dimensional, real-time echocardiogram (ECHO) allowed placement of the sample volume in the UA by direct vision; hard copy of the tracing was later analyzed. Hand calipers allowed measurement of the fetal cardiac cycle length (RR) and A/B ratio, which were compared with gestational age (EGA), echo-derived total cardiac dimension (TCD), and aortic root size (AO). Normative data were analyzed by least squares linear regression and compared to data in several high-risk groups. In the normal fetus, there was an orderly pattern with advancing gestational age of linearly decreasing A/B ratio and increasing TCD, AO, and RR. The A/B ratio varied inversely with TCD and AO, but was independent of RR. In a group of 20 hypertensive patients, 6 had elevated A/B ratios; of 18 diabetic pregnancies, 4 had elevated A/B ratios. In other high-risk groups, 4 of 21 patients were abnormal: sickle-cell disease (1 case), systemic lupus erythematosus (1 case), and intrauterine growth retardation (2 cases). In conclusion, Doppler A/B ratios in the UA of normal patients, like cardiac size, show an orderly pattern of change with EGA independent of RR.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Myocardial Infarction in a newborn from a diabetic mother.; We extracted L., the newborn of a diabetic mother, for antenatal diagnostic of myocardial hypertrophy and anomaly of foetal heart rate. Post-natal echocardiography showed severe septal myocardial hypertrophy with latero-basal myocardial akinesia. We did not observe a Doppler gradient through the left ventricular outflow. Selective coronary angiography showed an occlusion of the circumflex artery. Myocardial hypertrophy is a classic complication in newborns of diabetic mothers. The mother's diabetes and neonatal infarction remain an exceptional association. We discuss a different hypothesis to explain coronary occlusion and how myocardial infarction avoided septal obstruction.
Caudal dysplasia sequence: severe phenotype presenting in offspring of patients with gestational and pregestational diabetes.; The association of maternal diabetes mellitus and congenital anomalies is well established. Children of insulin-dependent diabetic women have an increased risk of congenital malformations, especially major multiorgan defects. The cardiovascular, central nervous, gastrointestinal, genitourinary and musculoskeletal are the most affected body systems. Studies also show that offspring of women with gestational diabetes (specially those with fasting hyperglycaemia) tend to have higher rates of congenital anomalies. We report two cases of infants born to unrelated mothers: one with diabetes mellitus first detected during pregnancy (gestational diabetes) and the other with pregestational diabetes. Both infants had amelia of the lower limbs (suggestive of caudal dysplasia sequence), together with cardiovascular, skeletal, urinary and gastrointestinal defects. While pregestational diabetes seems to leave no doubt about its teratogenicity, the association of gestational diabetes and fetal/newborn malformations is still under discussion. Complete absence of the lower limbs has not been reported in association with gestational diabetes, but it may represent a spectrum of the caudal dysplasia sequence. The presentation of two cases with the same clinical phenotype of mothers with gestational and pregestational diabetes supports the evidence that gestational diabetes can be responsible for the development of the most severe form of the caudal dysplasia sequence.
The relationship between cardiac adaptation to uteroplacental Doppler flow and perinatal outcome in pregnant women with diabetes.; Diabetes is a metabolic disorder that complicates pregnancy. Early detection of patients at risk of developing complications is particularly important. Failure of normal cardiovascular adaptation that takes place in pregnancy has been associated with poor perinatal outcome in preeclamptic patients. The aim of this study was to investigate if complications were higher in diabetic patients with cardiac maladaptation. Fetal, uteroplacental Doppler and echocardiographic examinations were performed once in the second and third trimesters in diabetic and healthy pregnant patients. Physiological cardiac hypertrophy was apparent in healthy patients. This, although within normal limits, was less prominent in patients with diabetes. The majority of patients were found to have normal Doppler waveforms. The abnormal uteroplacental flow group consisted almost entirely of patients with pregestational diabetes, especially type I diabetes. Neonatal complications were most common in this group. No relationship was found between echocardiographic findings, Doppler waveforms and poor perinatal outcome.
Antepartum surveillance in diabetic pregnancies: predictors of fetal distress in labor.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to evaluate an antepartum testing program based on twice-weekly nonstress testing and amniotic fluid evaluation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus and to weight the test components in the prediction of fetal distress requiring cesarean delivery. STUDY DESIGN: During the 4-year period of 1987 through 1990, 2134 women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes underwent antepartum testing. Of these 1501 women (class A1, n = 505; A2-diet, n = 305; A2-insulin, n = 580; B, n = 71; C to D, n = 29; R to F, n = 11) were delivered within 4 days of their last test. Categoric analysis of data was performed according to diabetic class, fetal heart rate results, and the presence of decreased, normal, or increased amniotic fluid assessment. A univariate logistical regression was first conducted with cesarean delivery for fetal distress as outcome variable by use of the following variables: fetal weight and sex, diabetic class, gestational age at delivery, presence of additional indications for antepartum testing, largest vertical pocket, amniotic fluid index (summation of the four quadrants of the largest vertical pocket), nonstress test reactivity (two accelerations of > or = 15 beats/min of 15 seconds' duration), presence of decelerations (> or = 15 beats/min for 15 seconds) during the nonstress test, and the interactions of the nonstress test with deceleration, largest vertical pocket, and amniotic fluid index. Multivariate analysis was then applied to predict the best model. RESULTS: No stillbirths occurred within 4 days of the last antepartum test. However, the corrected stillbirth rate of the entire tested population was 1.4 per 1000. Eighty-five women required cesarean delivery for fetal distress. The factors most predictive of cesarean delivery for fetal distress (p < 0.05, odds ratio and 95% confidence interval) were a deceleration (3.60, 2.14 to 6.06), nonreactive nonstress test (2.68, 1.60 to 4.49), and the interaction of both a nonreactive nonstress test and decelerations (5.63, 2.67 to 11.9). Amniotic fluid assessment by largest vertical pocket or amniotic fluid index were not statistically significant. The multivariate analysis selected the interaction of nonstress test and deceleration as the best significant predictor for cesarean delivery for fetal distress. CONCLUSION: An antepartum fetal surveillance program using twice-weekly nonstress test and fluid index assessment in pregnancies complicated by diabetes was successful in preventing stillbirth. The absence of fetal heart rate reactivity and the presence of decelerations were predictive of the diagnosis of fetal distress in labor requiring cesarean delivery. Ultrasonographic assessment of amniotic fluid volume was not a significant predictor of fetal distress in labor in the diabetic pregnancy.
Predictive value of uterine Doppler waveform during pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; Diabetes, whether or not it is insulin deficient, is frequently associated with vascular complications during pregnancies. It is accepted nowadays that the uterine artery velocity waveform is predictive concerning pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and its complications. It thus seemed interesting to analyse the predictivity of vascular complications of diabetes by using uterine artery velocity waveforms. We have thus explored 37 diabetic patients [group 1: insulin-deficient diabetes (IDD), n = 10; group 2: gestational IDD, n = 6; and gestational non-IDD, n = 21). We have found vascular complications for 10 patients, divided between all 2 groups: 2 pre-eclampsia, 2 fetal suffering before any labour, 2 cases of intra-uterine growth retardation (including a trisomy 18) and 5 PIH. The uterine artery velocimetry measurement has been found to be pathological 5 times, and always in patients who later developed vascular complications. Among this selected population and excluding the trisomy 18, the sensitivity is of 44.5%, the specificity of 100%, the positive predictive value of 100%, and the negative predictive value of 84.3%. If these results are confirmed, this examination could be an excellent marker of the vascular risk and thus would have its place during systematic survey of pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
Evaluation of the measurement of the fetal fat layer, interventricular septum and abdominal circumference percentile in the prediction of macrosomia in pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the measurement of the fetal abdominal fat layer (FFL), cardiac interventricular septum (IVS) and abdominal circumference (AC) percentile in the early third trimester as predictors of macrosomia at birth in the fetuses of women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: Ninety patients attending the hospital's special diabetic clinic were recruited prospectively. FFL and IVS were measured in addition to the routine biometry in the early third trimester. AC was measured routinely and AC percentile was determined from established antenatal charts. These measurements were then assessed as predictors of macrosomia. RESULTS: A fetal fat layer of >/=5 mm was the most useful predictor of macrosomia at term as assessed using the likelihood ratio. An AC >/=90th percentile, however, had a better sensitivity. CONCLUSION: The usefulness of routine FFL measurement in the early third trimester in the management of diabetic pregnancies is worthy of further evaluation.
The IADPSG diagnostic criteria identify women with increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in Victoria.; Controversy remains surrounding International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG) diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), including perceived improvement in perinatal outcomes and health service implications. We compared perinatal outcomes for untreated women meeting IADPSG-only criteria and women without GDM in Victoria. Women meeting IADPSG-only criteria were characterised according to fasting and one hour glucose thresholds and by region of birth. IADPSG criteria identified women with increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes, particularly women born in Australia compared to Asian regions.
Active induction management of labor for diabetic pregnancies at term; mode of delivery and fetal outcome--a single center experience.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the mode of delivery in diabetic pregnancies at term following induction of labor with vaginal application of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), and to identify possible predictors of successful vaginal delivery. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study group consisted of 105 women with diabetic pregnancies at term admitted for induction of labor; 84 (80%) had gestational diabetes (GDM) and 21 (20%) type 1 diabetes. Findings were compared with women who underwent elective induction of labor (n=115), and women with normal spontaneous onset of labor (n=510). Women with previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from both study and control groups. RESULTS: Maternal age and gravidity were significantly higher in the study group than the control groups (age: 31.4+/-5, 28+/-5.0 and 28.1+/-4.8 years, respectively; gravidity: 3.0+/-1.9, 2.5+/-1.6, and 2.1+/-1.4, respectively; P<0.001 for both) and gestational age and nulliparity rate were significantly lower (gestational age: 38.6+/-1.1, 40.2+/-1.3 and 39.3+/-2.7 weeks, respectively; nulliparity: 34.6, 45.2, 51.6%, respectively; P<0.002 for both). There were no between-group differences in the incidence of oligohydramnios, number of PGE2 applications used, birth weight, rate of non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern leading to CS, and rate of low 5 min Apgar score (<7). The rate of CS in the study group (18.2%) was significantly higher than in the spontaneous labor group (9%) but similar to the elective induction group (14.8%). On stepwise analysis, only nulliparity (OR 4.56, 95% CI 1.11-18.67, P=0.035) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Within the study group (R2=0.257, P=0.002), type 1 diabetes (OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.04-5.51) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. CONCLUSION: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term with vaginal PGE2 is successful in approximately 82% of patients, but yields a significantly higher CS rate compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Nulliparity and diagnosis of type 1 diabetes are independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. CONDENSATION: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term is successful in 82% of patients, but yields higher CS rates compared to uncomplicated pregnancies.
Selected antepartum medical complications and very-low-birthweight infants among black and white women.; This study estimated the risk of very-low-birthweight delivery among Black and White women with selected treatable antepartum medical conditions. A logistic regression model was applied to a retrospective, population-based data set identified by computerized, linked birth certificate and maternal hospital discharge records. For Black mothers, the adjusted odds ratio for very-low-birthweight delivery was statistically significant for essential hypertension and urinary tract infection. For White mothers, the adjusted odds ratio was statistically significant for essential hypertension, urinary tract infection, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. Public policy designed to reduce the risk of very-low-birthweight delivery must include strategies for attenuating the impact of treatable antepartum medical conditions.
[Diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy].; Diabetic retinopathy is the leading of blindness between the age of 24-64 years and we know the half of this period corresponding to the peak fertility and childbearing years. The prevalence and severity of the retinopathy is strongly related to the duration of the disease and patient age. The progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy can vary from minimal to market deterioration of the retina. So in diabetic women full retinal evaluation must be done as a part of prepregnancy counseling procedure. Patient who already have proliferative retinopathy during pregnancy are monitored frequently by ophthalmologist and lesser photocoagulation can be done safely during pregnancy.
[Clinical analysis of pregnancy with overt diabetes complicated with retinopathy].; OBJECTIVE: To study the outcome of pregnancy in overt diabetes with retinopathy and the changes of retinopathy during pregnancy. METHOD: Retrospective study was made on 49 pregnancies with overt diabetes from 1981 to 1995. RESULTS: Maternal complications and perinatal morbidity were higher in pregnancies with retinopathy but there were no significant differences between those with and without retinopathy. Retinopathy progressed during pregnancy i 31.1% of the parturients. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies with overt diabetes complicated with retinopathy are not the indications for terminating pregnancy, but the changes of retinopathy should be carefully monitored during pregnancy.
Uteroplacental Doppler flow velocity waveform analysis correlates poorly with glycemic control in diabetic pregnant women.; We examined 65 pregnant women with gestational (n = 31) and insulin dependent (n = 34) diabetes mellitus in order to evaluate the clinical usefulness of Doppler flow velocity waveform analysis in these pregnancies. Umbilical and uterine artery flow velocity waveforms were obtained during the third trimester with a continuous wave Doppler device. Quality of maternal glycemic control was evaluated by hemoglobin (Hb) A1 measurements at the time of delivery in 61 patients and by mean capillary blood sugars during the third trimester of pregnancy in four patients. There was no difference in various clinical and Doppler parameters between patients with good glycemic control and those with poor control. In contrast, the same clinical and Doppler parameters were significantly different in patients with preeclampsia than in those without preeclampsia, regardless of glycemic control. There was a poor positive linear correlation (r = 0.30, p less than 0.02) between maternal HbA1 and umbilical artery flow velocity waveforms (systolic/diastolic ratio). Proteinuria correlated better with umbilical artery systolic/diastolic ratio (r = 0.49, p less than 0.001). We conclude that Doppler flow velocity waveform analysis may be clinically useful only in diabetic pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia.
Fetal cardiac size in normal, intrauterine growth retarded, and diabetic pregnancies.; A total of 177 M-mode echocardiography studies were done on three groups of fetuses at different gestational ages: group I, normally grown fetuses; group II, intrauterine growth-retarded fetuses (IUGR); and group III, fetuses of diabetic mothers. Adjusted for gestational age and for fetal weight, the hearts of fetuses with IUGR were found to have an increased minor axis dimension due to free wall hypertrophy. No ventricular dilation was found in this group. Furthermore, IUGR fetuses have a larger heart proportionally to their body weight, raising the possibility of a "sparing effect" in this particular group. The hearts of fetuses of diabetic mothers were also found to have a significantly larger cardiac size than that of a group of normally grown fetuses. The increase was secondary to free wall hypertrophy, interventricular septal hypertrophy, and right ventricular dilation. This study confirms previous reports about fetal diabetic cardiomegaly and documents the contribution of the different cardiac components to this increase in size. The free wall hypertrophy found in these two groups may occur by different processes, which needs to be further investigated.
Echocardiographic measurements in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers.; AIM: To compare echocardiographic findings of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and healthy full term appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants. METHODS: Included in this study were 83 infants, admitted to our Neonatology Unit. Thirty-three IDMs, including both macrosomic and nonmacrosomic, comprised Group A, 25 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers comprised group B, and 25 healthy full term AGA infants comprised group C. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days after birth and compared by using one-way ANOVA, Post Hoc Tukey HSD and Student's t tests. RESULTS: The left ventricular end-systolic/left ventricular end-diastolic diameter ratio of group A was significantly smaller than that of group C (P<0.05). The interventricular septum/posterior wall thickness ratios of groups A and B were greater than those of group C (P<0.05). The left ventricular mass index of group A was greater than those of groups B and C (P<0.05). The shortening fraction and ejection fraction of group A were increased in comparison to group C (P<0.05). When comparing the values of echocardiographic measurements of macrosomic IDMs (n=9) with nonmacrosomic ones (n=24), and infants of pregestational diabetic mothers (n=11) with those of gestational diabetes mothers (n=22), no statistical difference was found. CONCLUSION: The present study suggests that underlying mechanisms common to both macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and IDMs lead to less cardiac alterations in the macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers than in IDMs.
The infant of the diabetic mother: The critical developmental windows.; The 1989 St Vincents Declaration stated, as a 5-year goal, ".that the outcome of the diabetic pregnancy should approach that of non-diabetic pregnancies" and indeed, over the last 20 years, significant reductions in spontaneous abortions, stillbirths, congenital malformations and perinatal mortality have been achieved. However, recent reports have shown that even in western countries, spontaneous abortions may be as high as 17%, stillbirths rate to be 5-times greater, congenital malformations to range from 4 to l0 times the usual rate, perinatal mortality to be 5-fold, neonatal mortality 15 times greater and that infant mortality might be trebled as the result of diabetic pregnancies. It can be argued that these bad results are the consequences of poor medical and social care, from prior to conception to perineonatal services and they most probably are. Nevertheless, even in the best series, corrected rates for diabetes-related malformations are considerably higher than the rest of the population and macrosomia poses a major problem, ranging from 20% in gestational diabetes to 35% or more in pre-existing diabetes. Again, it can be argued that good metabolic control has not been achieved or that good is not necessarily optimal. Alternatively, it can be put forward that there might be an abnormal genetic background contribution (and the evidence is pretty scanty) or that there might be other metabolic fuels besides glucose operating at different developmental stages of pregnancy and accounting for the aetiopathogenesis of the whole syndrome of the infant of the diabetic mother from congenital malformations to macrosomia, hypoglycaemia, RDS, polycythaemia, hyperbilirrubinaemia and so forth. Over the last 10 years there has been increasing evidence from animal and human studies to support the theory that in addition to sugars, other metabolic fuels, from ketones to deranged lipid peroxidation, may be responsible for the pathomechanisms of congenital malformations providing that they are present at certain (high) levels for a reasonable amount of time and especially at crucial developmental windows. Similarly, the same general principles of multifactorial influences at critical gestational ages have been postulated to explain the macrosomia, respiratory complications, the hypoglycaemia and the whole metabolic disturbances of the infant of the diabetic mother. It is quite possible that some, or all of these metabolic fuels may per se or in synergy, play a significant role and it is quite conceivable that besides the classical approach to strict glucose control, other dietary manipulations with supplementation or replacement of deficient substracts, free oxygen radical scavengers and antioxidants, might hold a promise for the near future. Whether the unfavourable intra-uterine diabetic millieu will also condition the later appearance of adult diseases from cardiovascular disorders to insulin resistant syndromes, remains to be confirmed, or conversely, disproved. For the moment, although priority should focus on pre-conceptional planning and strict metabolic control throughout pregnancy, special attention should nevertheless be paid to the various, but critical, developmental stages of the diabetic pregnancy.
Altered diastolic function in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes: no relation to macrosomia.; In a previous study, asymptomatic infants of mothers with gestational diabetes (IGDMs) were observed to have altered left ventricular (LV) filling. In the present study, we reanalyzed the data to examine whether the observed abnormalities were related to maternal diabetes or due to the greater preponderance of macrosomic infants (32%) in the gestational diabetes group. No echocardiographic (systolic or diastolic) differences were observed when the data were compared in 16 large-for-gestational-age (LGA) and 24 appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants among IGDM. Comparison of 16 LGA IGDM and 17 LGA infants of control mothers revealed lower LV size during diastole and systole in the IGDM. The present analysis suggests that the cardiac alterations in the IGDMs are not due to the preponderance of macrosomia but, rather, the consequence of altered in utero metabolic environment.
Altered transitional circulation in infants of diabetic mothers with strict antenatal obstetric management: a functional echocardiography study.; OBJECTIVE: Infants born to diabetic mothers (IDMs) even with good glycemic control are at risk for neonatal morbidity. Many of these problems occur during neonatal transition. We assessed (i) systemic and pulmonary blood flow in IDMs compared with controls and (ii) directional blood flow changes within fetal shunts during the first few days of life. STUDY DESIGN: In this prospective observational cohort study, we evaluated right (RVO) and left ventricular output, superior vena cava flow, atrial and ductal shunts, and tricuspid regurgitation in 32 IDMs and 18 controls using serial echocardiography after birth and 48 h of life in both groups and at 24 and 72 h in IDMs only. RESULT: IDMs had lower RVO after birth and 48 h of life. IDMs also had less left to right atrial shunt and more right to left ductal shunt after birth compared with controls. In all, 15 of the 32 IDMs were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit and 11 had respiratory symptoms. CONCLUSION: Persistence of fetal shunts and decreased RVO in IDMs suggest that even those with good gestational control have impaired transitional hemodynamics.
Early malnutrition and child neurobehavioral development: insights from the study of children of diabetic mothers.; In this study we sought to discern whether disturbances in mothers' metabolism during pregnancy may exert long-range effects on the neurobehavioral development of the progeny. Participants were 139 women with diabetes in pregnancy and their singleton offspring. Serial estimates of circulating maternal fuels were obtained for each pregnancy, along with detailed records of perinatal course and outcome. Offspring were administered the Wechsler Intelligence Scale for Children--Revised (WISC-R) and Kaufman Test of Educational Achievement: Short Form (KTEA) at ages 7 to 11 years. The rate of WISC-R full-scale IQ scores below 70 in our cohort did not differ significantly from national estimates. Nonetheless, after statistically controlling for other influences, WISC-R verbal, performance, and full-scale IQ scores, and Bannatyne's indices of Verbal Conceptualization Ability, Acquired knowledge, Spatial Ability, and Sequencing Ability were inversely correlated with measures of maternal lipid and glucose metabolism in the second and third trimesters. KTEA Arithmetic scores were similarly correlated with measures of maternal lipids in the third trimester. All correlations indicate that poorer maternal metabolic regulation was attended by poorer child performance. The effects of maternal metabolism on fetal brain and neurobehavioral development are discussed as potential intermediary factors.
Role of foetal echocardiography in predicting perinatal outcome.; To establish foetal cardiovascular parameters as predictors of perinatal outcome in pregnancy, M-Mode, 2-D echocardiography and pulse Doppler study was performed at 24-32 weeks of gestation in 65 pregnancies. These pregnancies were followed up for perinatal outcome. The studied population included 24 normal pregnancies, 21 pregnant women with heart disease (14 rheumatic and 7 congenital heart disease) and 20 high risk pregnancies (bad obstetric history in 7, suspected intrauterine growth retardation in 4, hypertensive disease of pregnancy in 6 and diabetes mellitus in 3). There was no perinatal mortality. Two foetuses were born with complete heart block and one with a small ventricular septal defect; 6 neonates had intrauterine growth retardation and two of these had neonatal asphyxia with APGAR score less than 6 at one minute. Anatomically normal heart was correctly diagnosed in all 64 foetuses and ventricular septal defect was detected antenatally in one. Antenatal diagnosis of complete heart block was correctly made in two foetuses. One new born with complete heart block required a permanent pacemaker, which was implanted. The ratio of peak velocity across mitral valve during atrial systole (A) to peak velocity during early diastolic ventricular filling (E) was chosen to correlate with perinatal outcome. The ratio was less than 1.0 in 6 foetuses, all of whom were subsequently confirmed to have intrauterine growth retardation. In normal pregnancies A/E ratio was more than 1.0. We conclude that foetal echocardiography is a useful tool for predicting perinatal outcome and may be helpful in screening patients who require specific perinatal management.
Effects of oral contraceptives on the borderline NIDD patient.; With oral contraceptives (OCs), estrogen and progestogen doses, as well as the type of progestogen used, seem to directly affect glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Other factors that influence these parameters are a patient's weight and age, family history of diabetes, and previous gestational diabetes. In normal-weight women with previous gestational diabetes, low-dose OCs do not appear to directly affect glucose tolerance, plasma insulin levels, or insulin binding to monocytes. This paper reports the initial data from a study employing low-dose OC formulations in obese patients with a history of either Class A1 or A2 gestational diabetes. Although results are preliminary, they do suggest that Ovcon 35, a low-dose norethindrone-containing OC, may be safe in Class A1 diabetics; in Class A2 diabetics, Ovcon 35 is associated with significantly less change in oral glucose tolerance at 3 months than is the triphasic Triphasil.
Insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor expression in the placentae of diabetic and normal pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (sHCM) is a characteristic anomaly of the infant of diabetic mother (IDM). Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) has been identified as a mediator of tissue overgrowth and we have previously shown that maternal IGF-1 levels were significantly elevated among neonates with asymmetrical sHCM. IGF-1 does not cross the placenta; it exerts physiologic action through binding to the IGF-1 receptor (IGF-1R). Localisation and expression of IGF-1R in term diabetic pregnancies are largely unclear. We have studied IGF-1R in the placentae of diabetic and normal pregnancies and this receptor expression in association with neonates with sHCM. METHODS: IGF-1R localization and expression in the placentae of six diabetic pregnancies associated with neonatal sHCM were compared with six each of randomly selected diabetic and normal pregnancies without neonatal sHCM by immunohistochemistry. The staining for IGF-1R in the deciduas, cytotrophoblasts, syncytiotrophoblasts and villous endothelium for these 18 samples were assessed and scored by two pathologists who were blinded to the respective diagnoses. RESULTS: Placental IGF-1R staining was negative in the villous endothelium for all three groups. IGF-1R staining was present in deciduas, cytotrophoblasts and syncytiotrophoblasts but the staining was weaker in the entire group of infants with sHCM compared to those without sHCM. CONCLUSIONS: IGF-1R is localized in all cell types of the placenta except in villous endothelium. Weaker placental IGF-1R staining in the placentae of diabetic pregnancies associated with sHCM suggests reduced expression of IGF-1R. This may be a down-regulatory response to elevated maternal IGF with neonatal sHCM outcome.
[Congenital malformations in the newborn infant of mothers with gestational diabetes and mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes].; Infants of diabetic mothers have an increased morbidity and mortality in the perinatal period. Nevertheless, there are differences in opinions about the exact incidence of malformations, metabolic disturbances, fetal macrosomia and respiratory distress syndrome. This study was designed to investigate the incidence of embriofetopathy in those of mothers with gestational diabetes. The incidence was highest in the group of mothers on insulin at the time of conception. Major fetal malformations of the cardiovascular and central nervous system were over-represented.
Aphallia as part of urorectal septum malformation sequence in an infant of a diabetic mother.; A male patient with aphallia, anal stenosis, tetralogy of Fallot, multiple vertebral anomalies including sacral agenesis and central nervous system (CNS) malformations was born after a pregnancy complicated by poorly controlled maternal diabetes. Aphallia is an extremely rare abnormality and can be part of the urorectal septum malformation sequence (URSMS). While aphallia has not been reported in infants of diabetic mothers, urogenital malformations are known to occur with increased frequency. Two female products of pregnancies complicated by diabetes presented with multiple malformations including anal atresia and recto-vaginal fistula consistent with the diagnosis of URSMS. The three patients share CNS, cardiac, and vertebral anomalies, abnormalities secondary to abnormal blastogenesis and characteristic of diabetic embryopathy. URSMS is also caused by abnormal blastogenesis. Therefore, this particular malformation should be viewed in the context of the multiple blastogenetic abnormalities in the cases reported here. The overlap of findings of URSMS in our cases with other abnormalities of blastogenesis, such as VATER association or sacral agenesis is not surprising, as these associations are known to lack clear diagnostic boundaries.
[Heart failure caused by myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic fetopathy].; Diabetic fetopathy is still a common clinical problem correlated with a high morbidity of the neonate. These children are often macrosome, suffer from respiratory distress syndrome due to delayed lung maturity, acidosis, hypoglycaemia, electrolyte-imbalances and polycythaemia. We describe a male neonate with diabetic fetopathy as a result of gestational diabetes of the mother. In addition to the symptoms described above, our patient clinically presented with severe hypertrophy of the right ventricle associated with intrauterine heart failure. The boy was born with serious prenatal asphyxia which made initial neonatal intensive care treatment necessary. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy normalized within 6 weeks after birth without further treatment. Different causes of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (infections, metabolic disorders, neurologic affections, syndromes) could be ruled out, so that the diabetic fetopathy was the most probable cause for the condition. If we are looking at the heart only, this case-report suggests a good prognosis of septumhypertrophy as well as right ventricular hypertrophy in patients with diabetic fetopathy. The case also elucidates that not only the diabetes type I can entail serious fetal damage but also gestational diabetes can. Therefore, in suspect mothers screening for gestational diabetes should be expanded to oral glucose tolerance testing.
Fuel metabolism in deviant fetal growth in offspring of diabetic women.; Fetal growth and development from its very first stages of intrauterine life is significantly influenced by the metabolic environment in which the conceptus develops. Maternal disease states such as gestational diabetes and hypertensive pregnancy, representing maternal conditions involved in extremes of impaired fetal growth (macrosomia versus growth restriction), can serve as excellent examples of the various factors that are involved in intrauterine growth.
Electrophysiologic monitoring of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; The authors studied the correlations between electroretinographic, ophthalmologic, and clinical parameters in 30 pregnant women (20 with diabetes and 10 control subjects). Diabetic patients were divided into two groups: group 1 included 11 cases of insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM); and group 2 included 6 cases of noninsulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) and 3 cases of gestational diabetes (GDM). Adapto-electroretinography (AERG) was used as the main monitoring parameter, and in particular, the relationship between the cone-mediated (b1) and rod-mediated (b2) components of the b wave (b2/b1 ratio) 7 minutes after photobleaching was studied. The results indicate that the b2/b1 ratio can detect functional modifications before the onset of ophthalmoscopically detectable retinopathy. Significant statistical correlations were demonstrated both between the type of diabetes and AERG responses, and between metabolic control (HbA1c values) and AERG alterations. A higher maternofetal complication rate in those patients with severe and frequent AERG alterations during pregnancy also was found.
Diagnostics of gestational diabetes: which cutoff-values are valid for capillary whole blood?; National and international recommendations on diagnostics of diabetes are based on laboratory venous plasma examinations. In outpatients, however, most blood sugar determinations in Europe are performed with capillary whole blood and portable blood glucose meters. Our own investigations confirmed the literature findings that capillary blood sugar results cannot be converted to venous plasma values on an individual basis, whereas transformations of the recommended cutoff-values from venous plasma to capillary whole blood are feasible. On the basis of 203 oral glucose tolerance tests (75g) in non-diabetic pregnant women in the 24th-28th week of gestation, the transformation in fasting individuals amounts from 95 mg/dl in venous plasma to 82 mg/dl in capillary whole blood, whereas the 2-hour values of 155 mg/dl are identical. Capillary blood sugar determinations are the only qualified way to determine blood sugar in general practice at the moment, as up to this day no venous blood devices with complete antiglycolytic preservatives are commercially available. Blood sugar determination is one of the most frequently performed and simultaneously least reliable laboratory tests.
Teratogenetic maternofoetal transmission and prevention of diabetes susceptibility.; Gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in pregnancy were found to be important teratogenetic risk factors for the development of diabetes in the offspring. Mechanisms of action and prevention of maternofetal transmission of teratogenetic susceptibility to diabetes are presented. Gestational diabetes induced in the F0 generation produced the following effects in the F1 and/or F2 generation: Early postnatal hyperinsulinaemia, decreased noradrenaline and serotonin and increased endorphin concentrations in specific brain regions, permanent hypoplasia of the hypothalamic ventromedial nuclei, decreased insulin responsiveness to glucose, impaired glucose tolerance and increased diabetes susceptibility.
[Pregnant diabetic patients: institutional experience].; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality. The diet and insulin have revolutionized the care related with pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. OBJECTIVE: To report the management experience in patients with diabetes and pregnancy at the Instituto Materno Infantil, Estado de Mexico. PATIENTS AND METHOD: A descriptive, retrospective, observational and cross-sectional study of pregnant women with diabetes and pregnancy was conducted from 2003 to 2004. RESULTS: We included 55 pregnant women who had: gestational diabetes 30 (54.4%), pregestational diabetes 24 (43.6%), and carbohydrate intolerance 1 (1.8%); every one of them were controlled either with diet, insulin or both. The mean age was 30.6, 80% with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, 9% gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 33.3% by abnormal 50 g glucose screening and 46.6% with oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The main complications among the patients were urinary disease (61.3%) and the major fetal malformation were those related with cardiovascular disease (9.09%). The most frequent mode of delivery was cesarean section (58%) and birth weight was of 3,146 g. CONCLUSIONS: The main risk factors identified among women in the study group were as follow: More than 25 years of age and family history of diabetes mellitus. We observed a progressive increase in the insulin dosage. The most consistent complications among the patients were urinary infection and the major fetal malformation was cardiovascular disease.
Excursion index of the septum primum in Thai fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers at 32 to 35 weeks' gestation.; OBJECTIVE: To compare excursion index of the septum primum (EISP) among Thai fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) with and without septal hypertrophy (SH) and those of nondiabetic mothers from 32 to 35 weeks' gestation. MATERIAL AND METHOD: Fetuses of Thai pregnant women were recruited for prenatal 2-dimensional echocardiographic measurements of the EISP (the ratio between the linear displacement of the flap valve of septum primum and the left atrial diameter) at 32 to 35 weeks' gestation. All had confirmed gestational age and normal structural scanning. The EISP was compared among gestational age--matched 15 FGDMs with SH, 18 FGDMs with normal septal thickness, and 20 fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. The data were presented as mean and standard deviation (SD). Analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to compare the EISP of the three groups. RESULTS: Fifty-three measurements were obtained. Comparison among the three groups showed that the mean and SD of the EISP were 0.27 +/- 0.04, 0.50 +/- 0.04 and 0.51 +/- 0.05 in FGDMs with SH, normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers, respectively. The analysis demonstrated that the EISP was significantly less than in FGDMs with SH when compared to the FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers (p < 0.01). There was no significant difference in the EISP of the FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers (p = 0.16). CONCLUSION: Mobility of the septum primum in FGDMs with septal hypertrophy is reduced. This may indicate a higher preload compared to FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers.
A retrospective review of glargine use in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To review the obstetric outcome of 240 diabetic pregnancies maintained on basal glargine insulin. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective review of the medical data from 240 pregnant diabetics who received glargine as a basal insulin. Perinatal outcome was abstracted from August 29, 2001, to December 31, 2007. RESULTS: Mean maternal age was 33 years (SD +/- 5). Seventy-seven percent (184 of 240) of the women were diagnosed with gestational diabetes. The remaining 23% (56 of 240) had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Weekly evaluation of each woman's daily 7x/d fingersticks yielded an individual mean capillary glucose value. These individual mean capillary glucose values were used to calculate a mean value for our sample population. This overall mean capillary glucose value for the 240 parturients was 112 +/- 14.8 mg/dL. The mean neonatal birth weight was 3,142 +/- 606 g. Only 4 neonates had birth weights > 4,000 g (4,365, 4,384, 4,535 and 4,624). None of the neonates were hypoglycemic. CONCLUSION: Prenatal glargine appears to be well tolerated with acceptable perinatal outcome. For well-controlled pregestational diabetics, consideration should be given to continuing glargine during pregnancy.
[Doppler echocardiographic studies on fetal cardiac function of diabetic mothers].; OBJECTIVE: To assess fetal cardiac function by Doppler echocardiography in diabetic pregnancies. METHODS: We investigated the changes of cardiac function in 54 normal fetuses and 23 fetuses of diabetic mothers. Cardiac anatomic datas were obtained by measuring the diameter of the aortic (AO), the pulmonary artery (PA), the mitral valve(MV), the tricuspid valve (TV) and interventricular septal thickness (IVS). Blood flow evlocity were obtained from the AO, PA, atrioventricular valves. The following variables were measured: peak flow velocity (PFV), accelerate time (ACT), systolic volume (SV) and ForceF. These indices respresented the systolic function. The peak early flow velocity (PFVe), peak late flow velocity (PFVa), PFVe/PFVa(E/A), mean velocity (V) of MV or TV respresented the diastolic function. RESULTS: The results revealed that in fetuses of diabetic mothers, IVS became thickness. The diameter of AO, PA, MV, TV were wider than that of normal fetases. The PFV, SV, ForceF of AO or PA increased significantly. There was no different in ACT between two groups. The PFVa of MV or TV increased significantly, whereas the E/A of both atrioventricular valves decreased. CONCLUSION: It showed that the fetal hyperinsulinemia triggered by maternal hyperglycemia result in fetal weight increasing, as well as hyperplasia and hypertrophy of myocardial cells. An iacreased contractility is compatible with relatively larger size of such fetuses. The intracardiac flow volume increased secondary to the more needs of fetal development. Abnormal thickenning IVS might impair ventricular diastolic function.
[Secundum atrial septal defect in newborns of diabetic mothers].; AIM: To evaluate in own material the incidence of secundum atrial septal defect type fossa ovalis (ASD II) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) during the first 48 hours of life, and subsequent echocardiography follow-up of babies with ASD II during the first year of life. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In the period from September 2002 to March 2003 a total of 502 neonates were born and 62 number them were from diabetic mothers. Echocardiography scanning was performed in a group of 49 neonates (42 IDM and 7 full-term infants of healthy mothers) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation during the first 48 hours of life. Six neonates were born from pregestational diabetes mothers and 36 from gestational diabetes mothers (G1-17, G2-19), Birth weight of the newborns were in the range from 1370 to 4450 g, and gestational age was in the range between 30 to 41, mean 38.6 weeks. Apgar score was > 7 in 91.8% of neonates. In the whole study besides laboratory tests in direction of early onset infection, brain ultrasound and echocardiography scanning were performed. M-mode, 2-D presentation and Doppler blood flow velocity were done 4 times during the first year of life (in 2nd, 4th and 12th month). RESULTS: ASD II with 2 to 9 mm diameter was diagnosed in 20 (40.8%) of the examined neonates. Among them 16 were IDM and 4 from healthy mothers. There was no statistically significant difference in the frequency of ASD II recognition in accordance with type of maternal diabetes. During subsequent echocardiography scanning, spontaneous closure of ASD II was found in 11 (55.0%) babies at the age of 12 months. In the remaining 9 (45.0%) infants a decrease in ASD II was notices in 6 (30.0%) cases and the same diameter of arterial defect was left in 3 (15.0%). CONCLUSION: In 38.1% of neonates born to diabetic mothers, cardio-respiratory disturbances during the first 48 hours of life were accompanied by secundum atrial septal defect. During 12 months follow-up with echocardiography evaluation, decrease in diameter or spontaneous closure o ASD II occurred in most of our patients.
[Clinical and developmental aspects of cardiac involvement in infant of diabetic mother].; The authors evaluated the main clinical and evolutive aspects of heart involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother (IDM). We studied the files of 35 IDM in a 4 years period; they were investigated the first week of life and at 6-12 months (18 cases). Most of the patients were asymptomatic/signs of extracardiac suffering; 15 had a systolic murmur. ECG: left ventricle (LV) hypertrophy (8) and LV repolarization disturbances (19 cases). Chest X-ray: cardiomegaly (9 cases). Echocardiography: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), especially septal (25 cases, 71%); LV diastolic dysfunction (19-35) and normal systolic function; pulmonary hypertension (3), other congenital heart diseases (8 cases). The control revealed the alleviation of the LV walls size and LV diastolic function. The high incidence of the cardiac manifestations in IDM and the risk of occurrence of some severe problems, require a complete cardiological exam from the first few days of life and a follow-up schedule until the normalization of the cardiac parameters.
[Prediction of pregnancy-induced hypertension in women with risk factors].; The objective of the presented work was to find possible predictive factors of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) in women with the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) during pregnancy. A group of women with the risk of development of gestational diabetes was selected because it is known that in women with GDM a hypertension is encountered 2-4 times more frequently than in women without disorders of glucose tolerance during pregnancy. The patients were divided into four groups with regard to the risk of development of hypertension. The examinations were made once during the 20th week of gestation. PIH is manifested in the great majority of patients only after the 20th week of pregnancy. All patients were normotensive at the time of examination. During the subsequent course of pregnancy in all patients the diagnosis of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension was investigated. The investigated parameters were fasting insulin levels during the 20th week of gestation, coagulation factors--antithrombin III (AT III), D-dimer, number of thrombocytes. The authors investigated also anamnestic data on the presence of type II diabetes and hypertension in close relatives of the patients. RESULTS: No differences were found in the insulin, antithrombin III and D-dimer levels nor in the number of thrombocytes. A significant relationship was revealed between the incidence of hypertension during pregnancy and the family history of the patient. In women where there was diabetes type 2 and hypertension in the family, there was a markedly more frequent incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension after the 20th week of pregnancy (p > 0.0002) than in the other investigated groups.
Study of global left atrial shortening in fetuses of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that left atrial shortening fraction is lower in fetuses of diabetic mothers than in fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease. METHODS: Forty-two fetuses of mothers with previous diabetes or gestational diabetes and 39 healthy fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease (controls) underwent echocardiographic examination. Their gestational ages ranged from 25 weeks to term. The left atrial shortening fraction was obtained with the following formula: (left atrial maximum diameter - left atrial minimum diameter)/left atrial maximum diameter. Data were compared using the Student t test, with an alpha level of 0.05. RESULTS: Mean left atrial shortening fractions in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in those in the control group were 0.39 +/- 0.15 and 0.51 +/- 0.11, respectively. This difference was significant with P < 0.001. CONCLUSION: Left atrial dynamics, with a reduction in global left atrial shortening, is increased in fetuses of diabetic mothers. We speculate that this parameter may be useful in assessing fetal left ventricular diastolic function.
Prothrombotic risk factors in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are at an increased risk for thromboembolic disease. The mechanism(s) to explain this association is unclear. We hypothesized that the pathophysiology of thrombosis in IDMs is multifactorial and likely involves interactions among genetic and acquired factors affecting the procoagulant, anticoagulant and fibrinolytic pathways. OBJECTIVE: To compare the prevalence of common prothrombotic risk factors in a cohort of IDMs to a matched control group. PATIENTS/METHODS: Full-term infants born to mothers with diet controlled (A1-IDM) (N=17), insulin requiring diabetes (ID-IDM) (N=20) and healthy term infants (controls) (N=20) matched for mode of delivery had cord blood collected at delivery. Samples were analyzed for the following: factor V Leiden (FVL), prothrombin 20210A (P20210A), methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677 T (MTHFR), Factor VIII (FVIII), Protein C (PC), Lipoprotein(a) (Lp(a)) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1). RESULTS: None of the infants had a clinically apparent thrombotic event. IDM mothers and their infants were clinically similar to controls except for a higher prevalence of hypoglycemia (30 vs 0%; p=0.005). There was no significant difference in the prevalence of the common genetic risk factors (FVL, P20210A, MTHFR) FVIII, or PAI-1 levels. Elevated Lp(a) levels were seen more frequently in IDMs than Controls (40 vs 20%) but this difference was not statistically significant. The PC activity (%) was significantly decreased in the IDM group compared to controls, 35+/-12 vs 44+/-9 (p<0.005). A1-IDM had lower PC activity compared to ID-IDM (p=0.05) and controls (p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: PC deficiency is likely one mechanism to explain thrombosis in IDMs.
Culture in vitro as a means of analysing the effect of maternal diabetes on embryonic development in rats.; Rodents have been used by many investigators for studies of the effects that maternal diabetes during pregnancy may have on developing fetuses. In Wistar rats, the induction of mild chronic diabetes at the onset of pregnancy by alloxan or streptozotocin results in abnormalities of the nervous system and the heart, recognized in embryos at 11--13 days' gestation. Thus, early organogenesis is evidently affected in these embryos. With a method which enables rat embryos to be cultured in vitro in serum for the period of their early organogenesis, the growth and differentiation of embryos from normal and from diabetic rats can be observed in some detail. It is also possible to compare the effects of normal and of diabetic maternal serum on their development. The results reported here show that embryos from diabetic animals are more likely to be retarded or abnormal than those from non-diabetic animals when cultured in identical serum. The development of both types of embryo is more successful in diabetic than in non-diabetic serum, however, possibly because of the higher glucose content of diabetic serum. Cultures of fetal organs may also be used as test systems for the effects of diabetic maternal serum. Sacral vertebrae, some of which fail to ossify in fetuses from daibetic rats, are now being grown in media containing diabetic serum. It is planned to test the effects of insulin on these cultures.
[The value of Doppler ultrasound studies of insulin-dependent diabetic patients].; Measurement of umbilical, uterine and arcuate velocity waveforms was used to study 40 pregnancies complicated by insulin dependent diabetes. Continuous wave doppler velocimetry was used to identify flow velocity profiles during the second and third trimester of pregnancy. Resistance index (RI) was calculated to evaluate waveforms. In most of the patients with fetal growth retardation and/or pregnancy induced hypertension an increase in vessel resistance was found in uterine and arcuate arteries as well as diastolic notching. In comparison to that fact White's classification showed no significant correlation to vascular resistance determined by doppler flow measurement. This study indicates that doppler ultrasound examination may have an adjunctive role in the surveillance of pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
Endothelium-derived nitric oxide metabolites and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in diabetic and normal pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Endothelial dysfunction has been demonstrated in adult subjects with diabetes. We studied if maternal diabetes is associated with altered endothelial function in the fetus, as this might shed light on mechanisms by which adult diseases are programmed in utero. STUDY DESIGN: Total nitrate/nitrite (NOx) concentration was measured spectrophotometrically with the Griess reagent method. Soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1) concentration was measured by enzyme-linked immunoassay. RESULTS: Venous cord serum NOx concentration at birth was highest in pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes (29.5+/-1.8 micromol/l, n=63) (P<0.0001 versus controls) and lowest in normal pregnancies (19.0+/-1.0 micromol/l, n=56). The concentration was intermediate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (23.9+/-2.7 micromol/l, n=24), but not significantly higher than in normal pregnancies (P=0.172). Venous cord serum sICAM-1 concentration did not differ between the three groups (P=0.191). Maternal serum NOx concentration in the third trimester was higher in pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes (22.9+/-3.4 micromol/l, n=22) than in normal pregnancies (15.4+/-1.4 micromol/l, n=21) (P=0.049). CONCLUSIONS: : Increased cord serum NOx but unaltered sICAM-1 concentration in diabetic pregnancies indicates that maternal diabetes does not cause a general alteration in fetal endothelial function. The increase in cord serum and maternal serum NOx concentration in diabetic pregnancies may be due to abnormalities in insulin-induced nitric oxide release or to a diminished reactivity of the vasculature to the effects of nitric oxide.
[Fetal macrosomia in a diabetic mother].; Foetal macrosomia is arbitrarily defined as an excessive weight for the gestational age, was found to be present in 36 p. 100 of 43 diabetic pregnancies. This finding may indicate incomplete normalization of maternal metabolic control despite the use of new forms of insulin delivery systems, such as insulin pumps. However, in our series the macrosomia was usually moderate and without consequences on the foetal outcome. The levels of insulin, but not those of the insulin-like growth factor (IgF1), were increased in the umbilical cord blood of macrosomic newborns of diabetic mothers. Cardiac septum hypertrophy correlated with maternal glycosylated haemoglobin levels better than with macrosomia. We therefore suggest that in all diabetic pregnancies the cardiac septum thickness should be measured in utero by sonocardiography.
[Maternal insulin-dependent diabetes and congenital malformations in the newborn].; Congenital malformations (CM) are one of the leading causes of perinatal morbidity and mortality in infants of insulin dependent diabetic mothers (IDM). The aim of the present study is to determinate the incidence and structure of CM in this high risk population. The study included 14,325 newborns born between 1997-2000. 157 of them were IDM. The incidence of CM in IDM is 4-8 times higher than in general newborn population. The most frequent CM are congenital heart disease and polimalformation syndrome. The duration of mothers insulin dependent diabetes and poor glycemic control before and during pregnancy increases the risk of CM.
Evidence of oxidative stress in the brains of fetuses with CNS anomalies and islet cell hyperplasia.; Infants of diabetic mothers have an increased frequency of congenital anomalies, including CNS malformations. Fetal hyperglycemia may promote such damage via oxidative stress. Postmortem studies have shown that fetal hyperglycemia associated with maternal diabetes results in islet cell hyperplasia. Islet cell hyperplasia may correlate with the presence of oxidative stress injury in the CNS because of hyperglycemia and related metabolic derangement. This study examines 3-nitrotyrosine immunoreactivity as a marker of oxidative stress in the brains of fetuses stratified by the presence or absence of islet cell hyperplasia and CNS developmental anomalies. Fetuses with both islet cell hyperplasia and CNS developmental anomalies showed a 1.8-fold increase in semiquantitatively scored 3-nitrotyrosine immunostaining compared to negative controls. Fetuses with islet cell hyperplasia but no CNS anomalies demonstrated a 1.6-fold increase. Comparison between fetuses with islet cell hyperplasia which were stratified by presence or absence of CNS anomalies were not statistically different but did show more intense staining in those with CNS malformations. These results support the contention that hyperglycemia may contribute to CNS malformation via oxidative stress.
Fatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant of a diabetic mother.; The case is reported of a male infant with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), attributed to maternal diabetes, who, contrary to the usually good prognosis of this condition, died at 11 weeks of age. The clinical, echocardiographic, and pathological findings were indistinguishable from familial HCM, except for the lesser degree of myocardial fiber disarray on microscopic examination.
DiGeorge anomaly with renal agenesis in infants of mothers with diabetes.; We report on 2 infants with the DiGeorge anomaly born to diabetic mothers treated with insulin. Both infants had unilateral renal agenesis. One of the mothers has manifestations suggestive of velo-cardio-facial syndrome (VCFS). Cytogenetic studies on both patients and the mother with apparent VCFS were normal. Molecular studies utilizing probes from the DiGeorge critical region did not demonstrate a 22q11 microdeletion in either patient or the mother with apparent VCFS. We conclude that maternal diabetes is a pathogenetic factor in the DiGeorge anomaly, and infants of diabetic mothers who have this anomaly should also be screened for renal agenesis.
[Diagnostic value of evaluation of desquamated endothelial cells in blood].; Circulating endotheliocytes as indicator of endothelial dysfunction were evaluated in the blood by Hladovec's method (1978) in patients with coronary disease, coronary stroke, insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and gestosis. The content of circulating (desquamated) endotheliocytes was increased in all patients, which reflected endothelial damage. The most pronounced changes were detected in patients with gestosis. Endotheliocyte content correlated with the concentration of Willebrandt's factor in the blood, which recommends using endotheliocyte count as a marker of endothelial damage.
Perinatal Outcomes in a Longitudinal Birth Cohort of First Nations Mothers With Pregestational Type 2 Diabetes and Their Offspring: The Next Generation Study.; OBJECTIVES: There is emerging evidence that First Nations women with diabetes in pregnancy and their offspring have poorer health outcomes than non-First Nations women. The aim of this study was to describe the perinatal outcomes of pregnancies complicated by type 2 diabetes. METHODS: The Next Generation longitudinal study is a First Nations birth cohort of children born to mothers diagnosed in childhood with type 2 diabetes. Pregnant women were prospectively enrolled in the birth cohort, and a review of medical records (including stored fetal ultrasound images) was performed to determine perinatal outcomes for 112 child-mother pairs between 2005 and 2015. Maternal demographics, antenatal variables, fetal ultrasound findings, obstetric and delivery information and neonatal birth outcomes were collected and analyzed. RESULTS: Mothers in our cohort were young and most were overweight at the start of pregnancy. Most had suboptimal glycemic control in the first trimester (median glycated hemoglobin, 9.3%). The cesarean section rate was high at 41%. Over one-half of newborns had macrosomia at birth, and almost 1 in 5 were born with a structural anomaly, mainly renal. Fetal ultrasound significantly underestimated the proportion of infants born with macrosomia (p<0.05) and missed 3 of 7 cardiac defects in this cohort. CONCLUSIONS: High rates of anomalies, macrosomia and cesarean deliveries provide insight into pregnancy management and disease processes for First Nations women with pregestational type 2 diabetes and their offspring, and highlights opportunities for improvement in prenatal care of these women.
C-peptide and insulin levels at 24-30 weeks' gestation: an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes?; OBJECTIVE: The hypothesis was that fasting C-peptide and insulin values, during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), might allow an estimation of the increased risk for gestational hypertension (GH) and fetal macrosomia. STUDY DESIGN: Two-hundred and six consecutive patients were submitted to an OGTT. Thirty-five developed gestational hypertension and 29 delivered large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborns. Plasma glucose levels (mg/dl) and insulin levels (microU/ml) were measured fasting and after 60, 120 and 180 min C-peptide fasting levels (ng/ml) were also measured. RESULTS: Twenty-five patients were excluded, 181 were enrolled. According to the OGTT, 143 patients were classified as normal, 26 were found affected by gestational diabetes (GD) mellitus, and 12 had impaired gestational glucose tolerance (IGGT). Hypertensive women exhibited higher 60 and 120 min insulin values than the normotensive group (128.3+/-69.9 microU/ml versus 86.2+/-58.3 microU/ml, P<0.05; 104.9+/-66.4 microU/ml versus 78.7+/-56.5 microU/ml, P<0.05).C-peptide cut-off at 2.9 ng/ml resulted predictive for patients delivering large-for-gestational-age newborns (OR=3.42, 95% CI=1.59-7.39). CONCLUSIONS: C-peptide and insulin may be used as indicators of risk for the development of complications in late pregnancy.
Cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus: A longitudinal study from fetal life to infancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether cardiac functional and structural changes in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) persist in the offspring beyond the neonatal period. DESIGN: Longitudinal study. SETTING: Fetal Medicine Unit in a UK teaching hospital. METHODS: 73 women with GDM and 73 women with uncomplicated pregnancy were recruited and fetal cardiac scans were performed at 35-36 weeks' gestation. Repeat echocardiogram was performed in their offspring during infancy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fetal and infant cardiac functional and structural changes. RESULTS: Fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared with controls, had more globular right ventricles (sphericity index 0.7, interquartile range [IQR] 0.6/0.7 versus 0.6, IQR 0.5/0.6, P < 0.001) and reduced right global longitudinal systolic strain (-16.4, IQR -18.9/-15.3 versus -18.5, IQR -20.6/-16.8, P = 0.001) and left global longitudinal systolic strain (-20.1, IQR -22.5/-16.9 versus -21.3, IQR -23.5/-19.5), P = 0.021). In the GDM group, compared with controls, in infancy there was higher left ventricular E/e' (8.7, IQR 7.3/9.7 versus 7.9 IQR, 6.8/8.9 P = 0.011) and lower left ventricular global longitudinal systolic strain (-21.0, IQR -22.5/-19.4 versus -22.3, IQR -23.5/-20.7, P = 0.001) and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (13.8, IQR 12.7/16.1 versus 15.2, IQR 13.8/16.8, P = 0.003). These differences remained following multivariable analysis. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with alterations in fetal cardiac function and structure compared with controls and persistent cardiac changes in infancy. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Gestational diabetes mellitus, even when well controlled, is associated with fetal cardiac changes and these persist in infancy.
The incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension among patients with carbohydrate intolerance.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and carbohydrate intolerance in pregnancy. METHODS: Data on singleton pregnancies were retrieved from the obstetric database of University Hospital, Kuala Lumpur. Gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were defined according to the World Health Organization criteria. Established diabetes mellitus (EDM) was defined as diabetes mellitus diagnosed prior to pregnancy. PIH was diagnosed according to the criteria of the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. Maternal characteristics were compared between groups using analysis of variance (ANOVA) and incidence counts using the chi-squared test. Logistic regression analysis using the presence of PIH as the response variable was used to study the association among GDM, GIGT, EDM, and PIH, controlling for maternal factors. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: To determine the incidence of PIH among patients with glucose intolerance and the independent risk factors for the development of PIH. RESULTS: There were 24,290 singleton pregnancies retrieved from the database. Both the prevalence of carbohydrate intolerance and the incidence of PIH differed among the three principal ethnic groups (p < 0.0001). There was a significant association between PIH and both a higher maternal age (OR = 1.04, p < 0.0001) and a higher maternal body mass index (BMI) at delivery (OR = 1.14 per unit increment, p < 0.0001). After adjusting for maternal age, BMI, parity, and ethnic origin, using logistic regression, there was a significant residual risk of PIH among individuals with GIGT, GDM, or EDM. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with carbohydrate intolerance of varying severity are at increased risk of developing PIH. Our findings lend credence to the theory that carbohydrate intolerance and PIH share a common etiology.
Evaluation of a Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Screening Clinic: An Analysis of Interpregnancy and Subsequent Pregnancy Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: At the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC), women with certain pregnancy complications are seen for appointments focusing on lifestyle modification and future pregnancy counselling. This study's objective is to determine whether women who attended the MHC following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) have improved interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes, compared with non-attendees. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted including all pregnancies ≥20 weeks gestation at Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) from April 2010 to Dec 2019. Women with ≥2 deliveries were eligible for inclusion, with 2 pregnancies per woman included. These criteria identified 178 patients who attended the MHC and 133 who did not. Continuous variables with normal distribution were assessed with independent sample t tests. Continuous variables without normal distribution and ordinal variables were assessed with Mann-Whitney U tests. Categorical variables were assessed with Pearson's χ(2) tests. Preterm delivery, HDP and GDM recurrence, HDP and GDM progression, and change in first-trimester blood pressure and pre-pregnancy weight were examined using multivariate regression modelling. Probability values <0.05 determined significance. RESULTS: MHC attendance was associated with improvements in interpregnancy weight reduction (P = 0.002), fewer interpregnancy type II diabetes diagnoses (P < 0.001), and a later gestational age at delivery (P < 0.001). There were no differences in subsequent pregnancy complication recurrence rates of GDM (P = 0.731) or an HDP (P = 0.139) between cohorts. CONCLUSION: In our examination of MHC outcomes, we found improvements in certain interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes. These results support the continued development and funding of these clinics.
Reduced umbilical artery prostacyclin formation in complicated pregnancies.; Prostacyclin synthesis is severely depressed in the umbilical arteries of neonates of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus, juvenile-onset diabetes mellitus, or preeclamptic symptoms, and of mothers who smoke during pregnancy and diabetic mothers who smoke. The reduced production of prostacyclin might be responsible for an increased abortion rate and a higher rate of intrauterine fetal death because of a decrease in placental perfusion and umbilical blood flow.
Lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk profiles among parous women by gestational diabetes status, 2007-2018.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. We compared cardiometabolic risk factors among parous U.S. women ages 20-44 by history of GDM. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007 to 2018, 3537 parous women were classified by self-reported GDM history. We compared anthropometric measures, glycemia, blood pressure, lipids, lifestyle factors, cardiovascular health, and cardiometabolic disease prevalence by GDM status. NHANES survey design was taken into account. Women without history of GDM were younger and, after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, and education, had more favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles for measures of anthropometry, glycemia, diabetes, many lipids, physical activity, diet, and overall cardiovascular health than women with history of GDM. Many patterns persisted after further adjustment for lifestyle factors. In analyses stratified by race/ethnicity, many patterns persisted, though there were key differences. Hypertension prevalence differed by GDM history only among Hispanic women. In women of other race/ethnicity, there was no difference in healthy eating or body mass index by GDM history. In non-Hispanic Black women, there was no difference in healthy eating by GDM history. CONCLUSION: Among parous U.S. women ages 20-44, those with history of GDM had less favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles than those without history of GDM. This highlights the importance of continued efforts to develop and test multilevel interventions to improve cardiometabolic risk factors among reproductive-age women with a history of GDM.
Metabolic imprinting by prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal overnutrition: a review.; Epidemiological studies have suggested that metabolic programming is one of the critical factors contributing to the etiology of obesity as well as concurrent increase in related chronic diseases (e.g., type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease). Metabolic programming is the phenomenon whereby a nutritional stress/stimulus applied during critical periods of early development permanently alters an organism's physiology and metabolism, the consequences of which are often observed much later in life. The idea of metabolic programming originated from the fetal origins hypothesis proposed by Barker in which he suggested that disproportionate size at birth of the newborn due to an adverse intrauterine environment correlated well with an increased risk of adult-onset ill health outcomes (type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease). The fetal origins hypothesis, proposed by Barker, suggests that adequate nutrition during fetal development is critical. Overnutrition is a form of malnutrition that has increased in the United States over the past several decades in which nutrients are oversupplied relative to the amounts required for normal growth, development, and metabolism. Evidence for the effects of maternal obesity and overnutrition on metabolic programming is reviewed during critical prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal periods.
Stillbirth in women with diabetes: a retrospective analysis of fetal autopsy reports.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increased rate of stillbirth. There are a wide variety of factors that have been implicated including placental insufficiency, hypoxia, hyperinsulinemia and impaired cardiac function. Furthermore, there is evidence that diabetic pregnancies have an increased rate of fetal cardiomyopathy as compared to non-diabetic pregnancies. Prior studies have indicated that this association can also be an etiology for diabetic stillbirth. The purpose of this study was to determine if diabetic pregnancies have an increased risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified on fetal autopsy as compared to non-diabetic women with a stillbirth in a cohort of pregnancies that had evaluation with a fetal autopsy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of women with a stillbirth who consented to fetal autopsy at an academic medical center from 2011 to 2017. Stillbirth was defined as an intrauterine fetal demise at ≥20 weeks' gestation. Women with diabetes defined as pre-gestational diabetes type 1, pre-gestational diabetes type 2, and gestational diabetes were compared to women without diabetes. Primary outcome was fetal cardiomyopathy. Other etiologies for stillbirth were also evaluated and classified according to the Stillbirth Collaborative Research Network (SCRN) initial causes of fetal death. Fisher exact test, χ2 test, and Mann Whitney U tests were performed as appropriate, with p < .05 considered significant. Generalized linear models were performed for fetal organ weights controlling for gestational age of delivery, maternal chronic hypertension, delivery body mass index, and birthweight. RESULTS: A total of 78 women elected to have fetal autopsy examinations during the study period. Of these, 75 had complete information available for review. A total of 60 women did not have diabetes and 15 women had diabetes. Of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, 11 had insulin dependent diabetes and 4 had non-insulin dependent diabetes. Fetal cardiomyopathy was diagnosed on autopsy for 7 (46.7%) of pregnancies with diabetes and 2 (3.3% of pregnancies without diabetes (RR 14.00 [95% CI 3.23-60.65], p < .001). These associations were still significant even when analyzing only those pregnancies without fetal congenital heart disease (7 [46.7%] diabetic pregnancies with cardiomyopathy versus 1 [2.0%] nondiabetic pregnancy with cardiomyopathy, RR 23.80 [95% CI 3.17-178.46], p < .001). There was no difference between diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies in regards to other causes for stillbirth. Stillbirths in pregnancies with diabetes also had larger fetal heart, liver, and adrenal weights on fetal autopsy. CONCLUSION: Women with diabetes have 14 times the risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified at fetal autopsy as compared to women without diabetes. As the prediction and prevention of diabetic stillbirth is limited, information on potential causes of stillbirth may help future research identify those pregnancies at the greatest risk for adverse outcome.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy and its implications for a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease.; It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of women who are at risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Moreover, this relationship extends across the full spectrum of hyperglycemia in pregnancy, with lesser degrees of gestational dysglycemia identifying a proportionate gradient of future risk of T2DM. Importantly, a growing body of evidence suggests that an analogous relationship exists between hyperglycemia in pregnancy and a woman's long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well. Indeed, as compared to their peers, woman who had GDM have a higher risk of major cardiovascular events, which first manifests within the first decade after the index pregnancy. Although the absolute incidence of such events remains low in young women of child-bearing age, the identification of future risk of CVD at this early point in its natural history may provide the unique opportunity for timely intervention and ideally disease prevention. Thus, in this review, we discuss the emerging concept of hyperglycemia in pregnancy as an indicator of the future risk of CVD in young women and its implications for research and clinical practice.
Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal weight outcome in twin pregnancies.; AIMS: To evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal birthweight, macrosomia and weight discrepancy in twin neonates. METHODS: An observational retrospective study was performed. One hundred and six women with gestational diabetes and twin pregnancy and 166 twin controls who delivered viable fetuses > 24 weeks were included. Impact of maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, smoking habit, method of conception, chorionicity, gestational age at delivery, mode of delivery and hypertensive complications were also analysed. The effect of maternal hyperglycaemia and metabolic control in gestational diabetes pregnancies was assessed. RESULTS: Gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia were significantly higher in the group with gestational diabetes (21.5% vs. 6.3%, P = 0.007 and 6.2% vs. 0%, P = 0.025). There were no differences in the incidence of macrosomia (5.7% vs. 7.2%, P = 0.803), large for gestational age (10.3% vs. 13.2%, P = 0.570), small for gestational age (10.3% vs. 12.0%, P = 0.701), severely small for gestational age (6.6% vs. 7.8%, P = 0.814) or weight discrepancy (20.6% vs. 15.2%, P = 0.320) in the group with gestational diabetes compared with twin pregnancies without diabetes. There were no differences when comparing insulin-requiring gestational diabetes pregnancies and twins without diabetes for any of the neonatal weight outcomes. There was no relationship between third trimester HbA1c and neonatal birthweight or infant birthweight ratio. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes did not increase the risk of macrosomia or weight discrepancy of twin newborns. Furthermore, glycaemic control did not influence the rate of any of the weight outcomes in our study population. In twin pregnancies, gestational diabetes was associated with a higher risk of gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia.
The influence of pregnancy on IDDM complications.; OBJECTIVE: Although pregnancy has been associated with an increased progression of certain insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) complications, particularly retinopathy, both the short- and long-term relationships between pregnancy and both neuropathy and macrovascular disease are poorly documented. This study was conducted to comprehensively examine the influence of pregnancy on the development and progression of IDDM complications. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Using the Pittsburgh Epidemiology of Diabetes Complications Study population (childhood-onset IDDM), two nested, pair-matched case-control studies were conducted. Women who had completed at least one successful pregnancy (n = 80) were matched to women with no history of pregnancy by age, duration of IDDM, race, and marital history. The first nested study (study 1) compared the prevalences of five IDDM complications between case and control groups. The second nested study (study 2) compared the incidences of the same five complications over an approximate 2-year interval during which the case subjects (n = 30) completed a successful pregnancy. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the prevalence rates of coronary heart disease, neuropathy, proliferative retinopathy, lower extremity arterial disease, and overt nephropathy by case-control status, while parity did not predict any complication in multiple logistic analysis (study 1). In study 2, there were small but nonsignificant differences in incidence rates of overt nephropathy and lower extremity arterial disease between the groups, whereas case subjects had almost 3 times the incidence rate of proliferative retinopathy (P = 0.58) and 10 times the incidence rate of neuropathy (P < 0.001) as did other matched control subjects. In multivariate analysis, parity predicted neuropathy incidence but did not predict the incidence of any other complication, including proliferative retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS: Women with IDDM who experience a pregnancy may not be at an increased risk of diabetes complications later in life. However, in the short term, pregnancy may accelerate the development of some complications, such as neuropathy.
Pre-eclampsia and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Assessment in Women.; The underlying contributors of many cardiovascular events are often present decades before the onset of clinical symptoms, and the presence of risk factors in early life significantly influences risk of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). The considerable burden of CVD in women and on health care resources necessitates an emphasis on prevention and early risk screening in women, before the development of the disease itself. The 2011 update to the American Heart Association's Effectiveness-Based Guidelines for the prevention of CVD acknowledges the contribution of the common pregnancy-related medical complications to a woman's cardiovascular risk, identifying pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus as risk factors for heart disease and stroke. The aims of this review are to examine risk factors in young women and their role in the development of premature CVD, with particular attention paid to PE as a marker of a woman's cardiovascular risk. Current screening practices will be discussed, as will their influences on identifying and reducing cardiovascular risk and subsequent disease in younger women.
Is Infection an Independent Risk Factor for Venous Thromboembolism? A Population-Based, Case-Control Study.; BACKGROUND: The independent association of recent infection with venous thromboembolism is uncertain. The study aims were to test both overall infection (site unspecified) and specific infection sites as potential risk factors for deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism adjusting for other known venous thromboembolism factors. METHODS: By using Rochester Epidemiology Project resources, we identified all Olmsted County, Minnesota, residents with objectively diagnosed incident deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism over the 13-year period 1988 to 2000 (cases; n = 1303) and 1 to 2 residents without venous thromboembolism matched to each case on age, sex, and incident venous thromboembolism date (controls; n = 1494). Using conditional logistic regression, we tested recent infection and infection site(s) for an association with venous thromboembolism, adjusting for body mass index, smoking, current/recent hospitalization with/without surgery, nursing home confinement, active cancer, trauma/fracture, leg paresis, prior superficial vein thrombosis, transvenous catheter/pacemaker, ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure, chronic lung or renal disease, serious liver disease, asthma, diabetes mellitus, hormone therapy, and pregnancy/postpartum. RESULTS: A total of 513 cases (39.4%) and 189 controls (12.7%) had an infection in the previous 92 days (odds ratio, 4.5; 95% confidence interval, 3.6-5.5; P < .0001). In a multivariable analysis adjusting for common venous thromboembolism risk factors, pneumonia and symptomatic urinary tract, oral, intra-abdominal, and systemic bloodstream infections were associated with significantly increased odds of venous thromboembolism. CONCLUSIONS: Infection as a whole and specific infection sites in particular are independent risk factors for venous thromboembolism and should be considered as potential indications for venous thromboembolism prophylaxis.
Association Analysis in Children Born from Normal and Complicated Pregnancies-Cardiovascular Disease Associated microRNAs and the Incidence of Prehypertension/Hypertension, Overweight/Obesity, Valve Problems and Heart Defects.; The goal was to assess how a history of any kind of pregnancy-related complication altered expression profile of microRNAs played a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in the peripheral blood leukocytes of children at the age of 3-11 years. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes or spontaneous preterm birth causes that a significant proportion of children (57.42% to 90.0% specifically) had a substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might be the origin of a lifelong cardiovascular risk. A total of 23 out of 29 tested microRNAs were upregulated in children born from such complicated gestation. The occurrence of overweight, obesity, valve problems and heart defects even intensified upregulation of microRNAs already present in children exposed to such pregnancy complications. The occurrence of overweight/obesity (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p) and valve problems or heart defects (miR-342-3p) induced microRNA upregulation in children affected with pregnancy complications. Overall, 42.86% overweight/obese children and 27.36% children with valve problems or heart defects had even higher microRNA levels than children with normal clinical findings after complicated pregnancies. In addition, the microRNA expression profile was also able to differentiate between children descending from normal gestation in relation to the occurrence of overweight and obesity. Screening on the base of the combination of 19 microRNAs identified 70.0% overweight/obese children at 90.0% specificity. In general, children after complicated pregnancies, just as children after normal pregnancies, with abnormal findings are at a higher risk of the onset of cardiovascular complications, and their dispensarization, with the aim to implement primary prevention strategies, would be beneficial.
Adverse Outcomes and Potential Targets for Intervention in Gestational Diabetes and Obesity.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of obesity with pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and identify potentially modifiable risk factors for adverse outcomes in obese women with GDM. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of 1,344 women with GDM who delivered between 2009 and 2012. Demographic data, blood sugar values, gestational weight gain, and maternal and neonatal outcome data were abstracted from the medical record and compared among normal-weight, overweight, and obese women. RESULTS: Overweight and obese women had higher mean fasting and postprandial blood sugars despite higher doses of and more frequent use of medication. Obesity was independently associated with macrosomia (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 2.03, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.07-3.89, P=.03), indicated preterm birth (adjusted OR 2.21, 95% CI 1.02-4.78, P=.04), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted OR 2.19, 95% CI 1.38-3.49, P=.001). In our stratified analyses, obese women with fasting blood sugars greater than 88.7 mg/dL and postprandial blood sugars greater than 123.8 mg/dL had higher rates of macrosomia (13.1% compared with 5.7%, P=.004 for fasting, 13.0% compared with 6.5%, P=.01 for postprandial blood sugars) and indicated preterm birth (11.4% compared with 6.1%, P=.04 for fasting, 11.9% compared with 5.8%, P=.01 for postprandial blood sugars) when compared with obese women with lower values. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were significantly increased in obese women with postdiagnosis weight gain greater than 0.6 lb per week (29.4% compared with 15.2%, P<.001) when compared with obese women with less weight gain. CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy obesity is independently associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM, and interventions to optimize glycemic control and limit weight gain postdiagnosis may improve outcomes in these high-risk women. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
[Importance of anticardiolipin antibody screening in pregnancy].; We performed 1698 examinations of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACLA) among pregnant women with gestational age from 16 to 37 weeks of pregnancy during eleven months of 1996. The ACLA levels above normal range were found in patients with pregnancy induced hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, diabetes mellitus type I, venous thrombosis, thrombocytopenia and rheumatological diseases. The following results show the possible relations between high ACLA levels and pregnancy induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. The screening test for ACLA is recommended as a supportive method for prenatal follow-up of pregnant patients.
Fetal echocardiography changes of the right ventricle of well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: There is few evidence of right ventricular (RV) function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the RV function of fetuses using routine and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography (2D STE) to determine the effects of well-controlled GDM in the third trimester. METHODS: We used a Philips Epiq7C ultrasound instrument to obtain RV data sets from 63 subjects from July 2019 to February 2022. We compared the free wall thickness (FWT), fractional area change (FAC), Tei index (TEI), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and free wall longitudinal strain(FWLS)of the RV in mothers with well-controlled GDM and normal gestational age-matched fetuses. RESULTS: 63 third trimester fetuses (32 GDM; 31 healthy controls) met the enrolment criteria. Significant differences in fetal RV were detected between the GDM and control groups for the FAC (36.35 ± 6.19 vs. 41.59 ± 9.11; P = 0.008) and the FWLS (-18.28 ± 4.23 vs. -20.98 ± 5.49; P = 0.021). There was a significant difference among the segmental strains of the base, middle and apex of the RV free wall in the healthy controls (P = 0.003), but in the GDM group, there was no statistical difference (p = 0.076). RV FWLS had a strong correlation with FAC (r = 0.467; P = 0.0002). CONCLUSIONS: In well-controlled GDM, there was measurable fetal RV hypertrophy and significant systolic function decline, indicating the presence of ventricular remodeling and dysfunction. 2D-STE can evaluate the RV free wall contraction in a more comprehensive way.
Glucose control during pregnancy in patients with type 1 diabetes correlates with fetal hemodynamics: a prospective longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes adversely affects fetal cardiovascular system development. Previous studies have reported that the fetuses of mothers with diabetes exhibit both structural and functional changes; nevertheless, prior studies have not examined the association between glucose control and fetal cardiac morphology and performance. Thus, the objective was to determine the association between fetal cardiac morphology and function and maternal glucose control in type 1 diabetes and to compare the differences in measured cardiac parameters between the fetuses of mothers with diabetes and healthy controls. METHODS: In this prospective, longitudinal case-control study - including 62 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and 30 healthy pregnant women - fetal cardiac assessment using B-mode, M-mode, and spectral pulsed-wave Doppler was performed in the second and third trimesters. In women with T1DM, glycated hemoglobin and data obtained from glucose sensors - including the percentage of time in, below, and above the range (TIR, TBR, and TAR, respectively), and coefficient of variation (CV) - were analyzed across three time periods: the last menstrual period to 13 (V1), 14-22 (V2), and 23-32 weeks (V3) of gestation. Fetal cardiac indices were compared between groups, and the correlation between glucose control and fetal cardiac indices was assessed. RESULTS: At 28-32 weeks, the fetuses of women with T1DM exhibited increased left ventricular end-diastolic length, relative interventricular septum thickness, right ventricular cardiac output, and pulmonary valve peak systolic velocity compared with healthy controls. At 18-22 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left and right ventricular stroke volumes, and left cardiac output inversely correlated with the CV and glycated hemoglobin levels at V1 and V2. Furthermore, at 28-32 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left ventricular stroke volume, cardiac output, and right/left atrioventricular valve ratio inversely correlated with the TBR at V1, V2, and V3. Moreover, diastolic functional parameters correlated with the TAR and glycated hemoglobin levels, particularly after the first trimester. CONCLUSION: In women with T1DM, maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy correlates with fetal diastolic function, whereas glucose variability and hypoglycemia inversely correlate with fetal left ventricular systolic function in the second and third trimesters.
Prevalence of diabetes in pregnancy and microvascular complications in native Indonesian women: The Jogjakarta diabetic retinopathy initiatives in pregnancy (Jog-DRIP).; OBJECTIVES: To report the prevalence of total diabetes in pregnancy (TDP) and diabetes-related microvascular complications among Indonesian pregnant women. METHODS: We conducted a community-based cross-sectional study with multi-stage, cluster random sampling to select the participating community health centers (CHC) in Jogjakarta, Indonesia between July 2018-November 2019. All pregnant women in any trimester of pregnancy within the designated CHC catchment area were recruited. Capillary fasting blood glucose (FBG) and blood glucose (BG) at 1-hour (1-h), and 2-hour (2-h) post oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were measured. TDP was defined as the presence of pre-existing diabetes or diabetes in pregnancy (FBG ≥7.0 mmol/L, or 2-h OGTT ≥11.1 mmol/L, or random BG ≥11.1 mmol/L with diabetes symptoms). Disc and macula-centered retinal photographs were captured to assess diabetic retinopathy (DR). Blood pressure, HbA1c and serum creatinine levels were also measured. RESULTS: A total of 631/664 (95%) eligible pregnant women were included. The median age was 29 (IQR 26-34) years. The prevalence of TDP was 1.1% (95%CI 0.5, 2.3). It was more common in women with chronic hypertension (p = 0.028) and a family history of diabetes (p = 0.015). Among the TDP group, 71% had a high HbA1c, but no DR nor nephropathy were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Although a very low prevalence of TDP and no diabetes-related microvascular complications were documented in this population, there is still a need for a screening program for diabetes in pregnancy. Once diabetes has been identified, appropriate management can then be provided to prevent adverse outcomes.
Obesity or diabetes: what is worse for the mother and for the baby?; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study is to evaluate pregnancy outcomes in a cohort of Caucasian pregnant women in relation to their body mass index and glucose tolerance status; the role of central fat distribution, as indicated by waist-to-hip circumference ratio, was also considered. METHODS: Seven hundred women were studied; they had gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (250) or normoglycaemia (450). Among them 117 had pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity (44 were obese), 133 hyperglycaemia, but normal weight, and 117 hyperglycaemia and overweight/obesity (42 were obese). RESULTS: Hypertension, cesarean delivery and prevalence of large-for-gestational age babies were higher in obese (both with normoglycaemia and hyperglycaemia), mainly in those with greater gestational weight gain and central fat distribution (waist-to-hip ratio > 0.90). Normal weight hyperglycaemic women showed better outcomes than obese normoglycaemic women did. In a multiple logistic regression model, obesity (OR=10.6; 95% CI 5.00-22.54) was directly related to hypertension, and independent predictors of cesarean section were: gestational hyperglycaemia (OR=1.78; 95% CI 1.21-2.62), gestational weight gain (OR=1.06; 95% CI 1.02-1.10), and central obesity (OR=1.51; 95% CI 1.02-2.24), while obesity (OR=4.48; 95% CI 2.30-8.71) gestational weight gain (OR=1.08; 95% CI 1.03-1.12) and central fat distribution (OR=1.81: 95% CI 1.12-2.93) were directly related to delivering larger babies, after multiple adjustments. CONCLUSION: These results suggest that pre-pregnancy obesity and gestational hyperglycaemia were independent risk factors for different adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes, while central distribution of fat, and gestational weight gain play an additive adverse role on these outcomes.
Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and later risk of cardiovascular disease: Women's experiences and motivation for lifestyle changes explored in focus group interviews.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both associated with increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Knowledge of the relationship between these pregnancy complications and increased CVD risk enables early prevention through lifestyle changes. This study aimed to explore women's experiences with PE and/or GDM, and their motivation and need for information and support to achieve lifestyle changes. METHODS: Systematic text condensation was used for thematic analysis of meaning and content of data from five focus group interviews with 17 women with PE and/or GDM, with a live birth between January 2015 and October 2017. RESULTS: This study provides new knowledge of how women with GDM and/or PE experience pregnancy complications in a Nordic healthcare model. It reveals the support they want and the important motivating factors for lifestyle change. We identified six themes: Trivialization of the diagnosis during pregnancy; Left to themselves to look after their own health; The need to process the shock before making lifestyle changes (severe PE); A desire for information about future disease risk and partner involvement; Practical solutions in a busy life with a little one, and; Healthcare professionals can reinforce the turning point. The women with GDM wanted healthcare professionals to motivate them to continue the lifestyle changes introduced during pregnancy. Those with severe PE felt a need for individualized care to ensure that they had processed their traumatic labor experiences before making lifestyle changes. Participants wanted their partner to be routinely involved to ensure a joint understanding of the need for lifestyle changes. Motivation for lifestyle changes in pregnancy was linked to early information and seeing concrete results. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PE and GDM have different experiences of diagnosis and treatment, which will affect the follow-up interventions to reduce future CVD risk through lifestyle change. For GDM patients, lifestyle changes in pregnancy should be reinforced and continued postpartum. Women with PE should be informed by their general practitioner after birth, and given a plan for lifestyle change. Those with severe PE will need help in processing the trauma, and stress management should be routinely offered.
The protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus.; The offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers are considered to be at the risk of cardiovascular diseases due to intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure. Our previous study showed that zinc, selenium, and chromium dramatically alleviated glucose intolerance in GDM rats and their offspring (P < 0.05). However, the effects of these elements on the damage of the cardiac myocytes of GDM offspring and the underlying mechanisms have not been demonstrated. Here, we investigated the beneficial effects of zinc (10 mg per kg bw), selenium (20 μg per kg bw), and chromium (20 μg per kg bw) supplementation on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of GDM rats induced by a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet. The results showed that maternal GDM induced glucose intolerance, oxidative stress, cardiac inflammation and myocardial fibrosis in offspring rats during different ages (3 days, 3 weeks, and adulthood), which were ameliorated by zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). The activity of cardiac damage markers such as creatine kinase-myocardial band isoenzyme (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased by 40-60% in element-supplemented offspring compared to that in non-supplemented offspring of GDM dams (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal GDM-induced expression of fibrosis-related proteins and the transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1)/small mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 (Smad3) signaling pathway in the heart tissue of offspring was down-regulated by zinc, selenium, and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). In conclusion, zinc, selenium, and chromium may play a protective role in maternal GDM-induced myocardial fibrosis in offspring from birth to adulthood by inactivating the TGF-β1/Smad3 pathway.
Association of the Cerebro-Placental Ratio With Adverse Outcomes in Pregnancies Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) is a doppler tool contributes to clinical decision-making in pregnancies affected by small for gestational age weight (SGA). Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) tend to have higher newborn weight, but greater risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. We hypothesized that in GDM-complicated-pregnancies CPR will be associated with adverse perinatal outcomes even in the absence of SGA. METHODS: This prospective single-center cohort study included non-anomalous singleton pregnancies in women with GDM. Those with pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorder or suspected SGA were excluded. Routine fetal sonographic assessment included CPR-defined as middle cerebral artery pulsatilty index/umbilical artery pulsatilty index. Masked CPR measurement closest to birth was used, classified as >10th (normal) or ≤10th centile (low). Primary outcome was a composite, consisting of stillbirth, Caesarean birth due to abnormal fetal heart rate pattern, 5-minute Apgar <7, cord arterial pH < 7.0, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, or NICU admission >24 hours. RESULTS: Of 281 participants, 24 (8.5%) had low CPR, at a mean gestational age of 36.3 weeks (IQR 34.0-37.4). Birthweight percentile was significantly lower among the low CPR group (35th [IQR 16-31] versus 60th [IQR 31-82]; P = .002). There was no statistically difference in the primary composite outcome between the groups (8.3% versus 7.0%, P = .68). Low CPR was significantly associated with a higher risk of neonatal hypoglycemia (adjusted odds ratio 3.2, 95% CI 1.2-8.3). CONCLUSION: In pregnancies affected by GDM, CPR ≤10th percentile was not associated with adverse perinatal outcome but was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia.
[Severe diabetic fetopathy due to undiagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus].; HISTORY AND FINDINGS: A 39 year-old pregnant woman (with one healthy 11 year-old daughter) presented at the antenatal care clinic for routine non-stress test (NST) at the due date. The NST demonstrated normal fetal heart pattern. No anamnestic or clinical risk factors for diabetes during the course of pregnancy were noted in the case file. Ultrasound examinations up to 30 weeks of gestation had shown fetal growth appropriate for gestational age. Two days later, the NST was non-reacting with almost no heart rate variability, indicating an acute fetal risk. While the condition of the fetus was being further assessed by Doppler sonography, a fall in fetal heart rate prompted an emergency section for fetal bradycardia. The male newborn had marked macrosomia (birth weight 5180 g). The pH in umbilical artery blood of 6,77 indicated severe intrauterine hypoxia. Apgar score was 0/1/5. Absence of heart beat and of spontaneous breathing required resuscitation. Echocardiography revealed a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with dysfunction of the right ventricle and hepatomegaly indicating diabetic fetal pathology. The placenta displayed typical signs of carbohydrate disorder. The maternal 75 g oral glucose tolerance test confirmed the suspicion of maternal diabetes (glucose values 96/210/215 mg/dl). TREATMENT AND COURSE: During the next the day the infant developed multi-organ failure involving the liver and kidneys, myocardial infarction with pericardial effusion and myoclonic seizures. His condition improved slowly under measures to stabilize the circulation, substitution of clotting factors and anticonvulsive therapy. Mechanical ventilation had to be continued for 5 weeks. Examination at 4 months of age revealed marked neurological abnormalities. The mother was referred to a diabetes specialist for further management. CONCLUSION: Undiagnosed and therefore untreated severe gestational diabetes may have fatal consequences for the fetus. Expert committees of obstetricians and diabetes specialists have recommended blood glucose screening between 24 - 28 weeks of gestation of every pregnant woman as part of the routine prenatal care.
Effect of maternal diabetes on the embryo, fetus, and children: congenital anomalies, genetic and epigenetic changes and developmental outcomes.; INTRODUCTION: Pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM; GDM) are significant health concerns because they are associated with an increased rate of malformations and maternal health complications. METHODS: We reviewed the data that help us to understand the effects of diabetes in pregnancy. RESULTS: Diabetic embryopathy can affect any developing organ system, but cardiovascular and neural tube defects are among the most frequent anomalies. Other complications include preeclampsia, preterm delivery, fetal growth abnormalities, and perinatal mortality. Neurodevelopmental studies on offspring of mothers with diabetes demonstrated increased rate of Gross and Fine motor abnormalities, of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, learning difficulties, and possibly also Autism Spectrum Disorder. The mechanisms underlying the effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the developing fetus may involve increased oxidative stress, hypoxia, apoptosis, and epigenetic changes. Evidence for epigenetic changes are the following: not all progeny are affected and not to the same extent; maternal diet may influence pregnancy outcomes; and maternal diabetes alters embryonic transcriptional profiles and increases the variation between transcriptomic profiles as a result of altered gene regulation. Research in animal models has revealed that maternal hyperglycemia is a teratogen, and has helped uncover potential therapeutic targets which, when blocked, can mitigate or ameliorate the negative effects of diabetes on the developing fetus. CONCLUSIONS: Tight metabolic control, surveillance, and labor management remain the cornerstone of care for pregnant women with diabetes, but advances in the field indicate that new treatments to protect the mother and baby are not far from becoming clinical realities.
Screening mammography beyond breast cancer: breast arterial calcifications as a sex-specific biomarker of cardiovascular risk.; PURPOSE: To highlight the importance of quantitative breast arterial calcifications (BAC) assessment for an effective stratification of cardiovascular (CV) risk in women, for whom current preventive strategies are inadequate. BAC, easily detectable on mammograms, are associated with CV disease and represent a potential imaging biomarker for CV disease prevention in women. METHOD: We summarized the available evidence on this topic. RESULTS: Age, parity, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia were found to positively correlate with BAC. Women with BAC have a higher CV risk than those without BAC: the relative risk was reported to be 1.4 for transient ischemic attack/stroke, 1.5 for thrombosis, 1.8 for myocardial infarction; the reported hazard ratio was 1.32 for coronary artery disease (CAD), 1.52 for heart failure, 1.29 for CV death, 1.44 for death from CAD. However, BAC do not alarm radiologists; when reported, they are commonly mentioned as "present", not impacting on CV decision-making. Of 18 published studies, 9 reported only presence/absence of BAC, 4 used a semi-quantitative scale, and 5 a continuous scale (with manual, automatic or semiautomatic segmentation). Various appearance, topological complexity, and vessels overlap make BAC quantification difficult to standardize. Nevertheless, machine learning approaches showed promising results in BAC quantification on mammograms. CONCLUSIONS: There is a strong rationale for mammography to become a dual test for breast cancer screening and CV disease prevention. However, robust and automated quantification methods are needed for a deeper insight on the association between BAC and CV disease, to stratifying CV risk and define personalized preventive actions.
Pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus induces cardiac hypertrophy in the murine embryo through cardiac remodeling and fibrosis.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac hypertrophy is highly prevalent in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Experimental evidence has implied that pregnant women with type 2 diabetes mellitus and their children are at an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. Our previous mouse model study revealed that maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus induces structural heart defects in their offspring. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to determine whether maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus induces embryonic heart hypertrophy in a murine model of diabetic embryopathy. STUDY DESIGN: The type 2 diabetes mellitus embryopathy model was established by feeding 4-week-old female C57BL/6J mice with a high-fat diet for 15 weeks. Cardiac hypertrophy in embryos at embryonic day 17.5 was characterized by measuring heart size and thickness of the right and left ventricle walls and the interventricular septum, as well as the expression of β-myosin heavy chain, atrial natriuretic peptide, insulin-like growth factor-1, desmin, and adrenomedullin. Cardiac remodeling was determined by collagen synthesis and fibronectin synthesis. Fibrosis was evaluated by Masson staining and determining the expression of connective tissue growth factor, osteopontin, and galectin-3 genes. Cell apoptosis also was measured in the developing heart. RESULTS: The thicknesses of the left ventricle walls and the interventricular septum of embryonic hearts exposed to maternal diabetes were significantly thicker than those in the nondiabetic group. Maternal diabetes significantly increased β-myosin heavy chain, atrial natriuretic peptide, insulin-like growth factor-1, and desmin expression, but decreased expression of adrenomedullin. Moreover, collagen synthesis was significantly elevated, whereas fibronectin synthesis was suppressed, in embryonic hearts from diabetic dams, suggesting that cardiac remodeling is a contributing factor to cardiac hypertrophy. The cardiac fibrosis marker, galectin-3, was induced by maternal diabetes. Furthermore, maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus activated the proapoptotic c-Jun-N-terminal kinase 1/2 stress signaling and triggered cell apoptosis by increasing the number of terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase 2'-deoxyuridine 5'-triphosphate nick end labeling-positive cells (10.4 ± 2.2% of the type 2 diabetes mellitus group vs 3.8 ± 0.7% of the nondiabetic group, P < .05). CONCLUSION: Maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus induces cardiac hypertrophy in embryonic hearts. Adverse cardiac remodeling, including elevated collagen synthesis, suppressed fibronectin synthesis, profibrosis, and apoptosis, is implicated as the etiology of cardiac hypertrophy.
A review of the health beliefs and lifestyle behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To critically review and synthesize original research designed to examine the health beliefs, including risk perceptions and health behaviors related to diet and physical activity of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. DATA SOURCES: PubMed and CINAHL databases were searched for studies published in the last decade (1998-2008) that examined variables related to the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Keyword searches included health beliefs, health behaviors, perceived risk, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, diet, physical activity, and postpartum. STUDY SELECTION: Eight articles, representing 6 studies, were selected that met the inclusion criteria of original research, dependent variable of health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, and measurement after pregnancy. DATA EXTRACTION: Articles were reviewed and discussed according to the concepts of risk perception and health beliefs, health behaviors related to diet and physical activity, and psychosocial factors related to women's health beliefs and behaviors. DATA SYNTHESIS: Data revealed common health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, including low risk perceptions for future type 2 diabetes mellitus and suboptimal levels of physical activity and fruit and vegetable intake. The majority of studies revealed a distinct knowledge-behavior gap among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas others revealed a lack of knowledge regarding necessary lifestyle modifications. CONCLUSIONS: Findings from this review may assist women's health researchers and clinicians in developing appropriate interventions for increasing risk awareness, promoting self-efficacy for weight loss and physical activity behaviors, and decreasing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Further research is necessary to identify factors that influence the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Future research should focus on populations of greater racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity, as the majority of studies have been conducted with non-Hispanic White, socioeconomically advantaged women.
Maternal super-obesity.; PURPOSE: Pregnant women with a body-mass-index (BMI) above 50 are referred to as "super-obese". For these women adverse pregnancy outcome and a higher risk of fetal congenital defects are major issues. This report focuses on the ratio development of super-obesity in pregnant women, as well as on prenatal ultrasound and pregnancy outcome in the super-obese gravida. METHODS: We reviewed data of all women with a BMI above 30 who delivered at our unit in a 15-year period between January 2000 and December 2014. Data of obese but not super-obese mothers were evaluated in comparison. RESULTS: Final evaluation comprised 69/20,711 pregnancies of super-obese mothers. Forty out of 69 women suffered from a preexisting condition requiring medical treatment. Fetal ultrasound evaluation revealed severe congenital defects in four cases. There were no missed and no false positive diagnoses. Elective cesarean section (c-section) took place in 26/69 cases, 21/69 had a secondary c-section. Twenty-two out of 69 women delivered vaginally. Mean gestational age at delivery was 38(+6) gestational weeks. Pregnancy was complicated by macrosomia in 17/69 pregnancies. Severe neonatal hypoglycemia occurred in 6/69 cases. The number of deliveries by super-obese mothers showed no marked variation during the study period. In contrast the rate of deliveries by obese, but not super-obese, mothers showed an increase. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal super-obesity poses a high-risk situation for mother and child which generally demands a higher amount of perinatal care. The number of deliveries by super-obese mothers remained stable over the study period. Primary c-section was the most frequent mode of delivery. Of the parturients who opted for vaginal delivery nearly half of the deliveries had to be completed by secondary c-section. Over-all peripartal maternal complications did not exceed average.
Effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II.; BACKGROUND: To examine whether prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with prevalent coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular disease (CeVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD), and all-cause mortality, in community-based women with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Baseline prevalences of CHD/CeVD/PAD/prior GDM were determined in 718 females (mean ± SD age 65.5 ± 11.9 years) from the Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II. Deaths between baseline (2008-2011) and end-2016 were ascertained. Cox regression identified predictors of mortality with GDM as a candidate variable. RESULTS: Compared to the 673 women without GDM, the 39 (5.4 %) with prior GDM were younger, more likely Aboriginal, smokers and obese, had longer diabetes duration and higher HbA(1c) levels, and were more dyslipidemic (P ≤ 0.046). Prevalences of CHD (24.6 versus 23.1 %), CeVD (7.5 % versus 2.6 %) and PAD (27.5 % versus 23.7 %) were not significantly different in those without versus with prior GDM (P ≥ 0.35). There were 116 deaths (16.2 %) during 6.8 ± 1.6 years of follow-up. Age, Aboriginal ethnicity, marital status, current smoking, heart rate, estimated glomerular filtration rate, CHD and PAD were independently associated with all-cause mortality (P ≤ 0.023); GDM status did not add to the most parsimonious model (P = 0.62). CONCLUSIONS: Prior GDM does not increase CVD risk or all-cause mortality in women with type 2 diabetes.
Association of maternal age with adverse pregnancy outcomes: A prospective multicenter cohort study in China.; BACKGROUND: Although maternal age might affect pregnancy outcomes, it remains unclear whether this relationship is linear or curvilinear and if it differs between nulliparous and multiparous women. We aimed to characterize the relationship between maternal age and risks of pregnancy outcomes in a diverse sample of Chinese singleton pregnant women and to evaluate whether the relationship varied by parity. METHODS: We based this prospective multicenter cohort study on data from 18 495 singleton pregnant women who participated in the University Hospital Advanced Age Pregnant Cohort Study, conducted in eight Chinese public hospitals from 2016 to 2021. We used restricted cubic splines to model nonlinear relationships between maternal age continuum and adverse outcomes, and performed multivariable log-binomial regression to estimate the adjusted relative risk (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). RESULTS: Among 18 495 singleton pregnant women (mean age 35.7, standard deviation (SD) = 4.2 years), maternal age was not related to postpartum hemorrhage or small for gestational age, but showed a positive, nonlinear relationship to gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preeclampsia, placenta accreta spectrum, placenta previa, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, large for gestational age, macrosomia, and fetal congenital anomaly, with inflection points around 35.6-40.4 years. Compared to women younger than 35 years, older women had higher risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, except for postpartum hemorrhage and small for gestational age. The risks of placenta accreta spectrum, placenta previa, large for gestational age, and macrosomia were highest for women aged 40-44 years, and risks of gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preeclampsia, cesarean delivery, preterm birth and congenital anomaly were highest for those aged ≥45 years. Most risks were more pronounced in nulliparous than multiparous women (P for interaction <0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Delayed childbirth was related to increased risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, especially for nulliparous women. Appropriate childbearing age, generally before 35 years, is recommended for optimising pregnancy outcomes.
Factors associated with macrosomia, hypoglycaemia and low Apgar score among Fijian women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Fiji is a serious public health issue. However, there are no recent studies on GDM among pregnant women in Fiji. The aim of this study was to examine prevalence of, and sociodemographic factors associated with adverse neonatal outcomes among Fijian women with GDM. METHODS: We used cross-sectional data of 255 pregnant women with GDM who gave birth to singleton infants at Colonial War Memorial Hospital (CWMH) in Suva city. Women underwent testing for GDM during antenatal clinic visits and were diagnosed using modified International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to investigate factors associated with neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: Women with a previous baby weighing > 4 kg were 6.08 times more likely to experience neonatal macrosomia (Adjusted odds ratio (AOR) = 6.08; 95%CI: 2.46, 15.01). Compared to unmarried women, the odds of macrosomia among married women reduced by 71% (AOR = 0.29; 95%CI: 0.11, 0.77). Compared with delivery before 38 weeks of gestation, the infants of women who delivered between 38 and 41 weeks of gestation were 62 and 86% less likely to experience neonatal hypoglycaemia and Apgar score < 7 at 5 mins, respectively. The offspring of women who were overweight and obese had higher odds of neonatal hypoglycaemia. Late booking in gestation (≥28 weeks) was significantly associated with Apgar score < 7 at 5 min (AOR = 7.87; 95%CI: 1.11, 55.75). Maternal pre-eclampsia/pregnancy induced hypertension was another factor associated with low Apgar score in infants. CONCLUSIONS: The study found high rates of adverse neonatal outcomes among off springs of Fijian women with GDM and showed that interventions targeting pregnant women who are overweight, had a previous baby weighing > 4 kg, had pre-eclampsia, delivered before 38 weeks of gestation, and those who booked later than 13 weeks in gestation, are needed to improve pregnancy outcomes.
Pregnancies in women with diabetic nephropathy: long-term outcome for mother and child.; In order to improve the basis upon which to advise women with diabetic nephropathy about pregnancy, we studied the effect of diabetic nephropathy on the course of pregnancy, perinatal outcome, infant development and long-term outcome of the mothers. All pregnancies of women with diabetic nephropathy (defined as proteinuria > 400 mg/day (n = 26), creatinine clearance < 80 ml/min and hypertension in the first trimester (n = 10)) followed at our centre from 1982 to 1992 were identified (34 White class F and 2 White class T) and the women and their children re-examined in the spring 1993. From the first to the third trimester the percentage of women with proteinuria over 3 g/day increased from 14 to 53% and those treated with antihypertensive medication from 53 to 97%. There were no intrauterine or perinatal deaths, but one child died suddenly 4 weeks postpartum. Of 36 newborns (gestational week at birth 36(3), birth weight 2384(834) g)), 11 were born before week 34 and 8 had respiratory distress syndrome. Renal function in the first trimester, diastolic blood pressure in the third trimester and an HbA1c above normal were predictive of gestational age at delivery and low birth weight (stepwise regression analysis). At follow up of the children (n = 35, age 4.5 (0.4-10) years) the majority (n = 27) were normally developed but seven had psychomotor retardation (four of them major). One child had a severe motor retardation due to a congenital anomaly. At follow up, 21 of the 29 mothers had preserved renal function (creatinine 1.3 (0.8-4.3) mg/dl and 8 had developed end stage renal disease and required dialysis (2 of whom were White class T) within 3 (1-9) years postpartum.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Mechanisms, Treatment, and Complications.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disturbance during pregnancy. The prevalence is rising and correlates with the increase in maternal obesity over recent decades. The etiology of GDM is complex, with genetic and environmental factors implicated in mechanistic and epidemiological studies. GDM begets important short- and long-term health risks for the mother, developing fetus, and offspring. This includes the high likelihood of subsequent maternal type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and possible adverse cardiometabolic phenotypes in the offspring. The most clinically and cost-effective methods of screening for GDM remain uncertain. Whilst treatments with lifestyle and pharmacological interventions have demonstrated short-term benefits, the long-term impact for the offspring of intrauterine exposure to antidiabetic medication remains unclear.
Does gestational diabetes affect fetal growth and pregnancy outcome in twin pregnancies?; BACKGROUND: Women with twin pregnancies are at increased risk for fetal growth restriction, which might be attributed to the limited maternal resources that are being shared by >1 fetus. Based on that, it may be hypothesized that the fetal effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with respect to accelerated fetal growth may be less pronounced in twin gestations or alternatively may even have a beneficial role in decreasing the risk of fetal growth restriction in these pregnancies. However, available data are conflicting and are limited by the fact that many of the complications associated with GDM are less relevant for twin gestations, and that all women with GDM included in previous studies were monitored and treated to control maternal blood glucose levels. OBJECTIVE: We sought to assess the impact of GDM and milder degrees of glucose intolerance on fetal growth and pregnancy outcome in twin pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of all women with twin pregnancies who underwent screening for GDM in a single tertiary referral center from October 2003 through December 2014. The diagnosis of GDM during the study period was based on the 2008 Canadian Diabetes Association (CDA) guidelines, which involve universal screening with a 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT) followed by a diagnostic 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Fetal growth and pregnancy outcome were compared among 4 groups of women with increasing degree of glucose intolerance: (1) GCT-NEGATIVE, negative 50-g GCT; (2) OGTT-NEGATIVE, positive 50-g GCT followed by a negative 75-g OGTT; (3) GDM-IADPSG, positive 50-g GCT followed by a positive 75-g OGTT according to the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria but not the 2008 CDA criteria-because these women were not considered to have GDM during the study period they were not subjected to any form of treatment; and (4) GDM-CDA, positive 50-g GCT followed by a positive 75-g OGTT according to the 2008 CDA criteria. RESULTS: Overall 1393 women were eligible for the study: 1021 (73.3%) in the GCT-NEGATIVE group, 184 (13.2%) in the OGTT-NEGATIVE group, 99 (7.1%) in the GDM-IADPSG group, and 89 (6.4%) in the GDM-CDA group. There was a continuous relationship between the degree of glucose intolerance and fetal growth as reflected by a right shift of the distribution curve of birthweight percentiles and a greater likelihood of high birthweight percentile: OGTT-NEGATIVE = odds ratio (OR), 1.5; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.07-2.2; GDM-IADPSG = OR, 1.7; 95% CI, 1.1-2.6; and GDM-CDA = OR, 1.9, 95% CI, 1.3-3.1 (using the GCT-NEGATIVE group as reference). Fetuses of women with glucose intolerance were more likely to experience asymmetric growth as reflected by an elevated abdominal circumference to head circumference ratio. CONCLUSION: GDM and milder degrees of glucose intolerance in twin pregnancies are associated with an increased risk of asymmetric overgrowth in a manner that is related to the degree of glucose intolerance.
Electronic monitoring evidence of fetal distress in high-risk pregnancies.; The oxytocin challenge test (OCT) has been shown in other studies to be valuable in evaluating high-risk pregnancies. The purpose of this study was to show the relationship of various disease states and clinical conditions with OCT results and fetal performance in labor. Of a group of normal patients, 4% had positive OCTs or late decelerations (LDs) in labor. The incidence of positive OCTs or LDs in labor in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) class B-R was 23.2%; in DM class A, 27.6%; in intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), 26.2%; in pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), 27.6%; in chronic hypertension (CH), 13.6%; and in prolonged gestation, 10.8%. This study shows that DM of all classes, IUGR and PIH are the most likely conditions in which persistent LDs will occur.
Fetal death immediately following normal antenatal fetal heart rate pattern. Case report.; A fetal death occurred during antenatal non-stressed cardiotocography in a woman with gestational diabetes. The death occurred immediately following 30 minutes of normal fetal heart rate tracing with an active baby and with normal biochemical tests of placental function.
Assessing the causal association of pregnancy complications with diabetes and cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: To the best of our knowledge, numerous observational studies have linked pregnancy complications to increased risks of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD), causal evidence remains lacking. Our aim was to estimate the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was employed, which is not subject to potential reverse causality. Data for pregnancy complications were obtained from the FinnGen consortium. For primary analysis, outcome data on diabetes, related traits, stroke, and coronary heart disease (CHD) were extracted from the GWAS Catalog, MAGIC, MEGASTROKE, and CARDIoGRAMplusC4D consortium. The MAGIC and UKB consortium datasets were used for replication and meta-analysis. Causal effects were appraised using inverse variance weighted (IVW), weighted median (WM), and MR-Egger. Sensitivity analyses were implemented with Cochran's Q test, MR-Egger intercept test, MR-PRESSO, leave-one-out (LOO) analysis and the funnel plot. RESULTS: Genetically predicted gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was causally associated with an increased diabetes risk (OR=1.01, 95% CI=1-1.01, P<0.0001), yet correlated with lower 2-hour post-challenge glucose levels (OR=0.89, 95% CI=0.82-0.97, P=0.006). Genetic liability for pregnancy with abortive outcomes indicated decreased fasting insulin levels (OR=0.97, 95% CI=0.95-0.99, P=0.02), but potentially elevated glycated hemoglobin levels (OR=1.02, 95% CI=1.01-1.04, P=0.01). Additionally, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy was tentatively linked to increased risks of stroke (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.04-1.18, P=0.002) and CHD (OR=1.3, 95% CI=1.2-1.4, P=3.11E-11). Gestational hypertension might have a potential causal association with CHD (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.01-1.22, P=0.04). No causal associations were observed between preterm birth and diabetes, stroke, or CHD. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study provide genetic evidence that gestational diabetes, pregnancy with abortive outcomes, and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy may serve as early indicators for metabolic and cardiovascular risks. These insights are pivotal for the development of targeted screening and preventive strategies.
Blunted Cardiac AMPK Response is Associated with Susceptibility to Ischemia/Reperfusion in Male Offspring of Gestational Diabetic Rats.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely associated with early perinatal complications and long-term health problems, such as cardiovascular disease, in offspring. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is cardioprotective, particularly in the treatment of ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). However, whether GDM programs offspring susceptibility to cardiac I/R and the involvement of AMPK remain unclear. METHODS: Streptozotocin was administered to rats during mid pregnancy; the postpartum maternal metabolome was assessed by chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Male offspring were subjected to body composition scanning followed by ex vivo global I/R. Cardiac signaling was determined by Western blotting. RESULTS: The body weights (BWs) of the GDM male offspring were significantly heavier than those of the control group from the age of 8 weeks; the heart weights (HWs) and HW/BW were also increased in the GDM group compared to the control group. The ex vivo post-I/R cardiac contractile function recovery was significantly compromised in the GDM male offspring. The phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC was elevated by ex vivo I/R in both groups, but to a significantly lesser extent in the GDM group. CONCLUSION: GDM male offspring rats have higher risks of overgrowth and intolerance to cardiac I/R, which may be due to a compromised AMPK signaling pathway.
Gestational diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Recently, a series of studies has suggested that women with GDM also have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear if this risk is dependent upon the intercurrent development of type 2 diabetes. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the impact of GDM on future risk of incident CVD and to ascertain the role of type 2 diabetes in this regard. METHODS: We systematically searched the PubMed and EMBASE databases for observational studies that evaluated the association of GDM with subsequent CVD, with publication between 1 January 1950 and 30 August 2018. Two independent reviewers extracted data and the analysis was performed in accordance with Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines. RRs were calculated using a random-effects model to assess the predictive value of GDM for future cardiovascular events. To evaluate whether incident type 2 diabetes in the GDM population influenced the association with CVD, we used meta-regression models followed by sensitivity analyses restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes during follow-up. RESULTS: A pooled analysis of nine studies yielded data from 5,390,591 women (101,424 cardiovascular events). Compared with those who did not have GDM, women with GDM had a twofold higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.98 [95% CI 1.57, 2.50]). Meta-regression analysis showed that the rates of incident type 2 diabetes across the studies did not affect this risk (p = 0.34). Moreover, when restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes, GDM remained associated with a 56% higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.56 [95% CI 1.04, 2.32]). GDM conferred a 2.3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular events in the first decade postpartum (RR 2.31 [95% CI 1.57, 3.39]). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The diagnosis of GDM identifies young women who have a twofold higher risk of cardiovascular events postpartum compared with their peers. This risk is not dependent upon intercurrent type 2 diabetes and is apparent within the first decade after pregnancy. Thus, even without progressing to type 2 diabetes, women with GDM comprise an at-risk population for CVD and hence a potential opportunity for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
Morphohistometric investigations in placentas of gestational diabetes.; Perinatal morbidity and mortality are increased in both overt and gestational diabetes. Since retardation of placental development has been documented in overt diabetes, we, thus, examined morphometrically the terminal villi of 26 patients with gestational diabetes in order to determine if there is an immaturity of placental development. Investigation of villous surface, degree of vascularization, and development of epithelial plates yielded values lying somewhere between those of non-diabetic patients and those of patients with overt diabetes. Only the surface areas of the vessels were reduced to levels lower than in overt diabetes. Our findings appear to explain the occasional development of acute placental insufficiency.
Cardiovascular Complications of Pregnancy.; Pregnancy causes significant metabolic and hemodynamic changes in a woman's physiology to allow for fetal growth. The inability to adapt to these changes might result in the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia), gestational diabetes and preterm birth. Contrary to previous beliefs these complications are not limited to the pregnancy period and may leave permanent vascular and metabolic damage. There is in addition, a direct association between these disorders and increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD, including hypertension, ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke) and diabetes mellitus. Despite abundant evidence of this association, women who present with these complications of pregnancy do not receive adequate postpartum follow up and counseling regarding their increased risk of future CVD. The postpartum period in these women represents a unique opportunity to intervene with lifestyle modifications designed to reduce the development of premature cardiovascular complications. In some cases it allows early diagnosis and treatment of chronic hypertension or diabetes mellitus. The awareness of this relationship is growing in the medical community, especially among obstetricians and primary care physicians, who play a pivotal role in detecting these complications and assuring appropriate follow up.
The possible role of endocrine dysfunction of adipose tissue in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is diabetes that is first diagnosed in the second or third trimester of pregnancy in patients who did not have a history of diabetes before pregnancy. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of macrosomia and birth complications in the infant and an increased risk of maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) after pregnancy. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, T2DM, and cardiovascular diseases in the child. GDM is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction on a background of insulin resistance that physiologically increases during pregnancy. The strongest clinical predictors of GDM are overweight and obesity. The fact that women with GDM are more likely to be overweight or obese suggests that adipose tissue dysfunction may be involved in the pathogenesis of GDM, similarly to T2DM. Adipose tissue is not only involved in energy storage but also functions as an active endocrine organ secreting adipokines (specific hormones and cytokines) with the ability to alter insulin sensitivity. Recent evidence points to a crucial role of numerous adipokines produced by fat in the development of GDM. The following text summarizes the current knowledge about a possible role of selected adipokines in the development of GDM.
Timing of treatment initiation for mild gestational diabetes mellitus and perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine the association between gestational age (GA) at the time of treatment initiation for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal and perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized treatment trial of mild GDM in which women with mild GDM were assigned randomly to treatment vs usual care. The primary outcome of the original trial, as well as this analysis, was a composite perinatal adverse outcome that included neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, hyperinsulinemia, and perinatal death. Other outcomes that were examined included the frequency of large for GA, birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, gestational hypertension/preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery. The interaction between GA at treatment initiation (stratified as 24-26, 27, 28, 29, and ≥30 weeks of gestation) and treatment group (treated vs routine care), with the outcomes of interest, was used to determine whether GA at treatment initiation was associated with outcome differences. RESULTS: Of 958 women whose cases were analyzed, those who initiated treatment at an earlier GA did not gain an additional treatment benefit compared with those who initiated treatment at a later GA (probability value for interaction with the primary outcome, .44). Similarly, there was no evidence that other outcomes were improved significantly by earlier initiation of GDM treatment (large for GA, P = .76; neonatal intensive care unit admission, P = .8; cesarean delivery, P = .82). The only outcome that had a significant interaction between GA and treatment was gestational hypertension/preeclampsia (P = .04), although there was not a clear cut GA trend where this outcome improved with treatment. CONCLUSION: Earlier initiation of treatment of mild GDM was not associated with stronger effect of treatment on perinatal outcomes.
Epigenetic mechanisms underlying maternal diabetes-associated risk of congenital heart disease.; Birth defects are the leading cause of infant mortality, and they are caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors. Environmental risk factors may contribute to birth defects in genetically susceptible infants by altering critical molecular pathways during embryogenesis, but experimental evidence for gene-environment interactions is limited. Fetal hyperglycemia associated with maternal diabetes results in a 5-fold increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD), but the molecular basis for this correlation is unknown. Here, we show that the effects of maternal hyperglycemia on cardiac development are sensitized by haploinsufficiency of Notch1, a key transcriptional regulator known to cause CHD. Using ATAC-seq, we found that hyperglycemia decreased chromatin accessibility at the endothelial NO synthase (Nos3) locus, resulting in reduced NO synthesis. Transcription of Jarid2, a regulator of histone methyltransferase complexes, was increased in response to reduced NO, and this upregulation directly resulted in inhibition of Notch1 expression to levels below a threshold necessary for normal heart development. We extended these findings using a Drosophila maternal diabetic model that revealed the evolutionary conservation of this interaction and the Jarid2-mediated mechanism. These findings identify a gene-environment interaction between maternal hyperglycemia and Notch signaling and support a model in which environmental factors cause birth defects in genetically susceptible infants.
Early prenatal detection of double outlet right ventricle by echocardiography.; A double outlet right ventricle with subpulmonary ventricular septal defect and right sided hypoplastic aorta was diagnosed in a 22 week fetus of a mother with diabetes mellitus. Elective termination of pregnancy was carried out and the echocardiographic findings were confirmed. Early prenatal detection of congenital heart disease may allow elective termination of pregnancy when the fetus has severe defects.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus: yesterday, today, tomorrow].; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that is first detected during pregnancy and does not meet the criteria for manifest diabetes. The incidence of GDM worldwide varies from 1 to 14% and that in Russia is as high as 4%. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy is associated with the development of preeclampsia, the birth of a big baby, emergency cesarean section, birth trauma, and neonatal hypoglycemia. The fact that there is no well-organized screening for GDM in our country leads to that the diagnosis of this condition is delayed for 4--20 weeks in 50-60% of cases. The risk group distribution of pregnant women leads ,to the diagnosis of GDM only in 50% of cases. At the same time, pregnancy is accompanied by physiological insulin resistance so the latter itself is a clinically important risk factor for carbohydrate metabolic disturbances. The Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HYPO) study has indicated that the previously used diagnostic criteria for GDM require reconsideration. There is a need for uniform standards for the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate metabolic disturbances during pregnancy. The concepts (diabetes mellitus (DM)W and (manifest (new-onset DM during pregnancy( and directly UGDM( require clear clinical and laboratory definitions. Furthermore, GDM is a risk factor for obesity, type 2 DM and cardiovascular diseases in the mother and her offspring in future.
Assessing the knowledge of the consequences of uncontrolled diabetesin pregnancy and its effects on fetal development, among femaleadolescents with type 1 diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Two forms of diabetes can be distinguished during pregnancy: gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes, which exists prior to pregnancy. In young women, the most common form of pregestational diabetes is type 1 diabetes (T1D). Regarding the decreasing age of sexual initiation and health risks for the mother and child related to hyperglycemia, it is essential that adolescents with T1D possess proper knowledge of pregnancy planning and diabetes management in case of pregnancy. Preconception counseling in adolescent patients with T1D remains a challenge for the whole therapeutic team. AIM OF THE STUDY: Assessing the awareness of consequences of uncontrolled diabetes on the course of pregnancy and fetal development among patients with T1D. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was carried out in the group of 70 patients with T1D, aaged 15-18 years. The survey was consisted of 25 questions regarding health status, lifestyle, the knowledge of self-management of diabetes and the impact of diabetes on pregnancy and fetal development. Respondents were asked to indicate the sources of information from which they had gianed knowledge about the aforesaid issues. The data obtained were statistically analyzed. RESULTS: 20% (n=14) of respondents declared sexual activity. In the group of sexually active patients, in 50% (n=7) last HbA1c level, reported by subjects, was between 7.5-9%, and in 21.4% (n=3) >9%. The patients were aware of the consequences of uncontrolled diabetes on fetal development, however their knowledge was unsatisfactory. Surveyed adolescents indicated metabolic disorders (61.4 %, n=43), central nervous system malformations (55.7%, n=39) and heart defects (47.1%, n=33) as the most frequent complications. The respondents gathered knowledge mainly from a diabetologist (40%, n=28) and the Internet (40%, n=28). The majority of patients stated that preconception care should be provided by a diabetologist (88.6%, n=62) or a gynecologist (70%, n=49). CONCLUSION: In spite of continuous diabetes care, adolescents with T1D do not possess sufficient knowledge regarding the consequences of hyperglycemia during pregnancy. This study has emphasized the need for including reproductive health issues in diabetes education addressed to adolescent patients.
Aortic Stiffness and Cardiovascular Risk in Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to investigate indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia, and arterial stiffness (as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV)), in women with and without a history of GDM, using both the old WHO and new IADPSG diagnostic criteria, at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Dyslipidemia and PWV were used as surrogate markers for CVD risk. The population-based prospective cohort included 300 women from the original STORK study. All participants had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and PWV analysis. Measurements were compared between those women who did and did not have GDM based on both the WHO and IADPSG criteria. We found that women with GDM based on the old WHO criteria had higher CVD risk at 5 years than those without GDM, with markedly elevated PWV and more severe dyslipidemia (higher triglycerides (TG)/HDL cholesterol ratio). After adjusting for known risk factors, the most important predictors for elevated PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio at 5-year follow-up were maternal age, BMI, GDM, systolic blood pressure, and indices of glucose metabolism in the index pregnancy. In conclusion, we found a higher risk for CVD, based on the surrogate markers PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio, at 5-year follow-up in women diagnosed with GDM in the index pregnancy when using the old WHO diagnostic criteria.
Placental structural abnormalities have detrimental hemodynamic consequences in a rat model of maternal hyperglycemia.; INTRODUCTION: Human type 1 diabetic pregnancy is associated with placental structural and hemodynamic abnormalities. We hypothesized that in rat fetuses of hyperglycemic dams, placental and fetal blood flow velocity waveforms demonstrate compromised hemodynamics when compared to control fetuses, and these hemodynamic parameters correlate with placental structural abnormalities at near term gestation. METHODS: Streptozotocin-induced maternal hyperglycemia group comprised 10 dams with 107 fetuses and the control group 20 dams with 219 fetuses. Doppler-ultrasonographic examinations were performed at gestational days 13-14, 16-17, and 19-21. After the last examination, placentas were collected for morphologic, gene expression, and cytokine analysis. RESULTS: Umbilical artery (UA), descending aorta (DAO), and ductus venosus (DV) pulsatility indices (PI) were significantly higher at each study point in maternal hyperglycemia compared to controls. Placental size, glycogen storages, venous thrombosis formation, and fluid accumulation were increased in maternal hyperglycemia. Epidermal growth factor receptor (Edgfrb), platelet derived growth factor receptor beta polypeptide (Pdgfrb), and tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, member 12α (Tnfrsf12α) expressions were decreased. Interleukin (IL) -2 and -4 concentrations were decreased, and IL-1beta levels were increased in maternal hyperglycemia. UA PIs correlated positively with DV PIV, DAO PI, fluid accumulation, and glycogen storages. UA PIs correlated negatively with IL-4, Edgfrb, and Pdgfrb. DISCUSSION: In maternal hyperglycemia, placental and fetal hemodynamics were compromised during the last trimester of pregnancy compared to normoglycemic pregnancies. Placental structural, metabolic, and growth related gene expression, and inflammatory marker abnormalities were associated with hemodynamic compromise.
Maternal hemodynamics at 11-13 weeks' gestation in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Individuals with cardiovascular disorders have increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBP(Ao)) and arterial stiffness. The hypothesis of this study is that increased SBP(Ao) and arterial stiffness are apparent before the development of GDM. METHODS: In this screening study, SBP(Ao), pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index (AIx) were measured in women with singleton pregnancies attending for routine antenatal care at 11-13 weeks' gestation. We compared SBP(Ao), PWV and AIx, expressed as multiples of the median (MoM), after adjustment for maternal characteristics affecting these measurements, in women who subsequently developed GDM (n = 105) with the values in non-GDM controls (n = 6,736). RESULTS: In the GDM group, compared to non-GDM controls, there was an increase in PWV [1.04 MoM, interquartile range (IQR) 0.93-1.15 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.90-1.12; p = 0.013] and SBP(Ao) (1.03 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.94-1.08; p < 0.0001) but no significant difference in the AIx (1.02 MoM, IQR 0.89-1.22 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.87-1.17; p = 0.118). CONCLUSION: Women who develop GDM have increased SBP(Ao) and arterial stiffness from the first trimester of pregnancy before the clinical onset of GDM.
[Maternal and fetal outcome].; Gestational diabetes, a glucose tolerance disorder of variable severity which occurs or is diagnosed for the first time during pregnancy, constitutes a public health problem because of its frequency (1 to 6% of all pregnancies) and its short-or long term consequences for the foetus and/or the mother. There is as yet still no consensus concerning screening and diagnosis criteria, therapeutic management and the reality of the disease. This population is a high risk population of diabetes mellitus, especially of type 2 diabetes. We could think that the introduction of specific prevention programs in this group could delay or avoid diabetes mellitus and its complications. The mechanisms which could explain gestational diabetes are the same as type 2 diabetes mellitus. We could speculate that these two diseases are identical for alterations in carbohydrate metabolism, but at different stages. It has been reported that the offspring of gestational diabetics mothers are at risk of obesity and glucose intolerance. Therapeutic management of the mother and/or the offspring should be better defined. The screening for gestational diabetes provides an opportunity of identify a large population of women and children at risk of diabetes. It should be possible to avoid diabetes mellitus by specific therapeutic programs in these populations.
Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function in normal fetuses (control group) compared to those who are exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus using different echocardiographic measurements, and to explore the application of left atrial shortening fraction in determination of fetal diastolic function with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A total of 50 women with gestational diabetes and 50 women with a healthy pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was performed and structural as well as functional fetal cardiac parameters were measured. Data were compared between with or without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and the control group. RESULTS: In the study group, out of 50 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers, 18 had myocardial hypertrophy and 32 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.55). Mitral E/A ratio was lower in gestational diabetes group as compared to the control (p < 0.001). Isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and myocardial performance index were greater in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (p < 0.001). In fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, left atrial shortening fraction was lower as compared to those without myocardial hypertrophy and those of the control group (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers have altered cardiac function even in the absence of septal hypertrophy, and that left atrial shortening fraction can be used as a reliable alternate parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function.
Long-term cardio-metabolic effects after gestational diabetes: a review.; Women with GDM are at high risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). A relationship with GDM and future development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been also recognized. Pregnancy and postpartum period in women with GDM give us the opportunity to identify the underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Ideally, the postpartum follow-up of this women should be done by a multidisciplinary team to evaluate their cardio-metabolic risk and to counseling regarding lifestyle modification (healthy diet and regular physical activity) and breastfeeding that can reduce their risk. Longer follow-up of these women should be individualized, focusing attention on women at medium-high cardio-metabolic risk. The link between GDM and T2DM-CVD offers us a great opportunity for the diseases prevention.
Factors Associated With Revascularization in Women With Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection and Acute Myocardial Infarction.; In contrast to atherosclerotic acute myocardial infarction (AMI), conservative therapy is considered preferable in the acute management of spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) if clinically possible. The present study aimed to investigate factors associated with treatment strategy for SCAD. Women aged ≤60 years with AMI and SCAD were retrospectively identified in the Nationwide Readmissions Database 2010 to 2015 and were divided into revascularization and conservative therapy groups. The revascularization group (n = 1,273, 68.0%), compared with the conservative therapy group (n = 600, 32.0%), had ST-elevation AMI (STEMI) (anterior STEMI, 20.3% vs 10.5%; inferior STEMI, 25.1% vs 14.5%; p <0.001) and cardiogenic shock (10.8% vs 1.8%; p <0.001) more frequently. Multivariable logistic regression analysis demonstrated that anterior STEMI (vs non-STEMI, odds ratio 2.89 [95% confidence interval 2.08 to 4.00]), inferior STEMI (2.44 [1.85 to 3.21]), and cardiogenic shock (5.13 [2.68 to 9.80]) were strongly associated with revascularization. Other factors associated with revascularization were diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, smoking, renal failure, and pregnancy/delivery-related conditions; whereas known fibromuscular dysplasia and admission to teaching hospitals were associated with conservative therapy. Propensity-score matched analyses (546 pairs) found no significant difference in in-hospital death, 30-day readmission, and recurrent AMI between the groups. In conclusion, STEMI presentation, hemodynamic instability, co-morbidities, and setting of treating hospital may affect treatment strategy in women with AMI and SCAD. Further efforts are required to understand which patients benefit most from revascularization over conservative therapy in the setting of SCAD causing AMI.
Determination of the fetal myocardial performance index in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance and to assess whether this parameter is a possible prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome.; AIM: The aim of this study was to investigate if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in fetuses in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), controlled on diet and whether this parameter is also predictive of adverse outcome in this group, as in poorly controlled gestational diabetes. METHODS: In a prospective cross-sectional study, 32 women with GIGT on diet in the 3rd trimester were recruited and matched with 32 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth, neonatal death, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions, tachypnea with pulmonary oedema, neonatal cord pH <7.15, five minute Apgar score <7, and cardiomyopathy. RESULTS: The cases had a significantly higher median MPI compared to controls, p value <.0001. There were eight abnormal outcomes recorded in the 32 fetuses in the study group, corresponding to an adverse outcome rate of 25%. Fetuses with an adverse outcome had significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the GIGT fetuses with normal outcome. The MPI served as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome in the GIGT fetuses, with a total area under the ROC curve of 0.96. An MPI z-score greater than 4.0 conferred a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 80%. No abnormal outcomes were noted in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: The MPI is impaired in fetuses in GIGT women, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the GIGT group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
Associations of Maternal Diabetes and Body Mass Index With Offspring Birth Weight and Prematurity.; IMPORTANCE: Maternal obesity, pregestational type 1 diabetes, and gestational diabetes have been reported to increase the risks for large birth weight and preterm birth in offspring. However, the associations for insulin-treated diabetes and non-insulin-treated type 2 diabetes, as well as the associations for joint diabetes disorders and maternal body mass index, with these outcomes are less well documented. OBJECTIVE: To examine associations of maternal diabetes disorders, separately and together with maternal underweight or obesity, with the offspring being large for gestational age and/or preterm at birth. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study used nationwide registries to examine all live births (n = 649 043) between January 1, 2004, and December 31, 2014, in Finland. The study and data analysis were conducted from April 1, 2018, to October 10, 2018. EXPOSURES: Maternal prepregnancy body mass index, pregestational diabetes with insulin treatment, pregestational type 2 diabetes without insulin treatment, and gestational diabetes. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Offspring large for gestational age (LGA) at birth and preterm delivery. Logistic regression models were adjusted for offspring birth year; parity; and maternal age, country of birth, and smoking status. RESULTS: Of the 649 043 births, 4000 (0.62%) were delivered by mothers who had insulin-treated diabetes, 3740 (0.57%) by mothers who had type 2 diabetes, and 98 568 (15.2%) by mothers who had gestational diabetes. The mean (SD) age of mothers was 30.15 (5.37) years, and 588 100 mothers (90.6%) were born in Finland. Statistically significant interactions existed between maternal body mass index and diabetes on offspring LGA and prematurity (insulin-treated diabetes: LGA F = 3489.0 and prematurity F = 1316.4 [P < .001]; type 2 diabetes: LGA F = 147.3 and prematurity F = 21.9 [P < .001]; gestational diabetes: LGA F = 1374.6 and prematurity F = 434.3 [P < .001]). Maternal moderate obesity, compared with normal-weight mothers with no diabetes, was associated with a mildly increased risk of having an offspring LGA (1069 [3.5%] vs 5151 [1.5%]; adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 2.45; 95% CI, 2.29-2.62), and mothers with insulin-treated diabetes had markedly elevated risks of having an offspring LGA (1585 [39.6%] vs 5151 [1.5%]; aOR, 43.80; 95% CI, 40.88-46.93) and a preterm birth (1483 [37.1%] vs 17 481 [5.0%]; aOR, 11.17; 95% CI, 10.46-11.93). Mothers who were moderately obese with type 2 diabetes were at increased risks of LGA (132 [16.4%] vs 5151 [1.5%]; aOR, 12.44; 95% CI, 10.29-15.03) and prematurity (83 [10.3%] vs 17 481 [5.0%]; aOR, 2.14; 95% CI, 1.70-2.69). Mothers who were moderately obese with gestational diabetes had a milder risk of LGA (1195 [6.7%] vs 5151 [1.5%]; aOR, 4.72; 95% CI, 4.42-5.04). Among spontaneous deliveries, the risks were strongest for moderately preterm births, but insulin-treated diabetes was associated with an increased risk also for very and extremely preterm births. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Maternal insulin-treated diabetes appeared to be associated with markedly increased risks for LGA and preterm births, whereas obesity in mothers with type 2 diabetes had mild to moderately increased risks; these findings may have implications for counseling and managing pregnancies.
Evaluation of prenatal changes in fetal cardiac morphology and function in maternal diabetes mellitus using a novel fetal speckle-tracking analysis: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Due to metabolic changes in the second trimester and the increasing number of pregnant women with obesity and advanced maternal age, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains high. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function, and to determine whether these changes increase with increasing estimated fetal weight (EFW). METHODS: Fifty-eight women with GDM (GDM group) and 58 women with a healthy pregnancy (control group) were included in this prospective observational cohort study. Each group included subgroups of 31 pregnant women with a gestational age between 24(+0) weeks and 27(+6) weeks as well as 27 pregnant women with a gestational age between 28(+0) weeks and 40(+0) weeks. For all fetuses, a cine of 2-3 s in the four-chamber view was obtained, and online speckle-tracking analysis was performed using the GE Automatic Fetal Heart Assessment Tool (fetal HQ; General Electric Healthcare Ultrasound, Zipf, Austria) to measure the global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), 24-segment sphericity index (SI), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter of the left ventricle (LV) and right ventricle (RV). Data were analyzed using the independent t-test and Wilcoxon rank-sum test, as applicable. RESULTS: The GDM group (mean HbA1c value was 5.3 ± 0.57 mmol/L) showed a lower GSI value than the control group (1.21 vs. 1.27, P = 0.000), which indicated a rounder shape of the heart. In addition, fetuses in the GDM group demonstrated significant impairment in cardiac function compared to those in the control group (LV-GLS: -18.26% vs. -22.70%, RV-GLS: -18.52% vs. -22.74%, LV-FAC: 35.30% vs. 42.36%, RV-FAC: 30.89% vs. 36.80%; P = 0.000 for all). Subgroup analyses according to gestational age (24(+0)-27(+6) weeks and 28(+0)-40(+0) weeks) showed that the statistical differences were retained between the GDM and control groups in each subgroup. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of women with GDM present with signs of biventricular systolic dysfunction according to deformation analysis using fetal HQ. Additionally, the heart had a rounder shape in the GDM group than in the control group. This study showed that fetal HQ can be used to assess fetal cardiac morphology and function easily and quickly, and the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function appeared from the second trimester. Thus, whether earlier and stricter clinical intervention was necessary remained to be further studied. Furthermore, future studies will need to supplement the effects of blood glucose levels on GLS, FAC, GSI, and 24-segment SI. Additionally, the long-term follow-up after birth should also be improved to observe the influence of changes in the indicators on the prognosis.
Preserved structural and functional characteristics of common carotid artery in properly treated normoglycemic women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of subsequently developing type 2 diabetes mellitus which is an important cardiovascular risk factor. We have evaluated whether preclinical morphological and functional arterial changes are present in GDM. Diameter, intima-media thickness (IMT), intima-media cross-section area (IMCSA) and elasticity features (compliance, distensibility coefficient, circumferential strain, stiffness index (SI) α and β, incremental elastic modulus) of the common carotid arteries (CCA) were studied in the 3rd trimester in 25 women with GDM, and 17 normal pregnant women matched for age and body mass index using an ultrasonographic vessel wall-movement tracking system and applanation tonometry. Mean IMT, IMCSA and SI α tended to be larger, whereas compliance was smaller in women with GDM but none of these differences were significant. Serum glucose (4.99 ± 0.51 vs. 4.79 ± 0.61 mmol/L, p=0.37) and HbA1c (5.33 ± 0.27 vs. 5.36 ± 0.47 mmol/L, p=0.85) proved normoglycemia in both groups. In conclusion, by the combination of methods we applied in this case control study, neither morphological nor functional characteristics of large elastic arteries differ significantly between well-treated normoglycemic women with GDM and non-diabetic pregnant women in the 3rd trimester.
Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To offer a baseline for clinical diagnosis, echocardiography was performed to evaluate the disparities in heart function comparing pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (GDM) and ordinary pregnant women. METHODS: A prospective case-control study is being conducted on pregnant women with or without gestational diabetes. The sample size for both the intervention and control groups is the same: no diabetes diagnosis or previous forms, a single pregnancy, and no issues (such as preeclampsia or fetal growth restriction). The females were all subjected to routine echocardiograms to examine the morphology and function of their left and right hearts. RESULTS: In the research, 51 women with GDM and 50 healthy controls volunteered. Women with GDM had a significantly higher heartrate (82 ± 9 vs. 74 ± 8), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.39 ± 0.06 vs. 0.31 ± 0.07; P < 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.79 ± 0.14 vs. 0.72 ± 0.13 m/s; P = 0.031), and LV late diastolic implementing regulations valve velocity (0.6). Speckle-tracking analysis showed significant decrease in LV right ventricular (RV). A study indicated a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (59 ± 9 vs. 68 ± 12 ms; P = 0.001), RV E/A ratio (1.21 ± 0.19 vs. 1.31 ± 0.31; P = 0.022), and a greater RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.17 ± 0.03 vs. 0.12 ± 0.03; P = 0.023). CONCLUSIONS: Our results revealed that the heart function of diabetic pregnant women differed considerably from that of the control group, such as LV-RWT, LV diastolic transmitral valve speed, and LV late diastolic transmitral valve speed. Given these results, further research into the postpartum cardiovascular healing of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus is required.
Trends in maternal BMI, glycaemic control and perinatal outcome among type 1 diabetic pregnant women in 1989-2008.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Our objective was to examine the trends in prepregnancy BMI and glycaemic control among Finnish type 1 diabetic patients and their relation to delivery mode and perinatal outcome. METHODS: We analysed the obstetric records of 881 type 1 diabetic women with a singleton childbirth during 1989-2008. Maternal prepregnancy weight and height were obtained from the maternity cards, where they are recorded as reported by the mother. RESULTS: Maternal BMI increased significantly during 1989-2008 (p < 0.001). The mean HbA(1c) in the first trimester remained unchanged, but the midpregnancy and the last HbA(1c) before delivery increased (p = 0.009 and 0.005, respectively). Elective Caesarean sections (CS) decreased (p for trend <0.001), while emergency CS increased (p for trend <0.001). The mean umbilical artery (UA) pH decreased in vaginal deliveries (p for trend <0.001). The frequency of UA pH <7.15 and <7.05 increased (p for trend <0.001 and 0.008, respectively). The macrosomia rate remained at 32-40%. Neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions increased (p for trend 0.03) and neonatal hypoglycaemia frequency decreased (p for trend 0.001). In multiple logistic regression analysis, maternal BMI was associated with macrosomia and NICU admission. The last HbA(1c) value before delivery was associated with delivery before 37 weeks' gestation, UA pH <7.15, 1 min Apgar score <7, macrosomia, NICU admission and neonatal hypoglycaemia. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Self-reported pregestational BMI has increased and glycaemic control during the second half of pregnancy has deteriorated. Poor glycaemic control seems to be associated with the observed increases in adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes.
Increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in New Zealand-A national retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study is to compare cardiometabolic and renal outcomes for all women in New Zealand with gestational diabetes (2001-2010) with women without diabetes, 10-20 years following delivery. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study, utilizing a national dataset providing information for all women who gave birth between 1 January 2001 and 31 December 2010 (n = 604 398). Adolescent girls <15 years, women ≥50 years and women with prepregnancy diabetes were excluded. In total 11 459 women were diagnosed with gestational diabetes and 11 447 were matched (for age and year of delivery) with 57 235 unexposed (control) women. A national hospital dataset was used to compare primary outcomes until 31 May 2021. RESULTS: After controlling for ethnicity, women with gestational diabetes were significantly more likely than control women to develop diabetes-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 20.06 and 95% confidence interval (CI) 18.46-21.79; a first cardiovascular event 2.19 (1.86-2.58); renal disease 6.34 (5.35-7.51) and all-cause mortality 1.55 (1.31-1.83), all p values <.0001. The HR and 95% CI remained similar after controlling for significant covariates: diabetes 18.89 (17.36-20.56), cardiovascular events 1.79 (1.52-2.12), renal disease 5.42 (4.55-6.45), and all-cause mortality 1.44 (1.21-1.70). When time-dependent diabetes was added to the model, significance remained for cardiovascular events 1.33 (1.10-1.61), p = .003 and renal disease 2.33 (1.88-2.88), p < .0001 but not all-cause mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of adverse cardiometabolic and renal outcomes. Findings highlight the importance of follow-up screening for diabetes, cardiovascular risk factors, and renal disease.
Through the looking glass: gestational diabetes as a predictor of maternal and offspring long-term health.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is gaining in importance as a predictor of future health risks for women and their offspring. In women, it is associated with increased long-term risks of diabetes, metabolic syndrome and increased cardiovascular disorders. For offspring of mothers with GDM, risks of GDM include abnormal glucose tolerance, obesity and metabolic syndrome. This review presents the evidence for GDM as a predictor of long-term health risks for mothers and their offspring. We highlight GDM as an opportune time to screen for and possibly intervene to prevent adverse health outcomes for both women and their offspring.
Increased fat mass and cardiac septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled diabetes during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Improved glycaemic control during pregnancy in mothers with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM) has resulted in a marked reduction of perinatal mortality and morbidity, but the prevalence of macrosomia is usually high. OBJECTIVE: We used non-invasive anthropometric methods to estimate the body composition and the thickness of the interventricular heart septum in 18 infants of mothers with well-controlled T1DM, 10 infants of mothers with GDM and 28 infants of healthy control mothers matched for gestational age and mode of delivery. METHODS: Skinfold measurements were obtained with a Harpenden calliper within 48 h after delivery. Echocardiography was also performed to measure the thickness of the interventricular septum. Cord blood was sampled for assays of C-peptide, leptin and IGF-I. RESULTS: The rates of macrosomia (gestational age-adjusted birth weight >2 standard deviation score, SDS) were 56 and 30% in infants of mothers with T1DM and GDM, respectively, compared to 10% in control infants. The body fat content was 40% (0.2 kg) higher and the interventricular heart septum thickness was increased by 20% in both groups of infants of diabetic mothers. We found no associations between maternal levels of HbA1c during pregnancy and body composition or interventricular heart septum thickness. Cord levels of C-peptide and leptin were significantly higher in infants of T1DM mothers than in control infants. Cord leptin level was associated with birth weight SDS and percent body fat in infants of T1DM mothers. IGF-I was associated with percent body fat in infants of GDM mothers and control mothers. A multiple-regression analysis showed that 50% of the variation in body weight SDS could be determined, with IGF-I, leptin and C-peptide as independent variables. CONCLUSION: Both fat mass and cardiac septal thickness are increased in newborn infants of women with T1DM and GDM in spite of efforts to achieve good glycaemic control during pregnancy.
Ethnic differences in the association between gestational diabetes and pregnancy outcome.; The purpose of the study was to examine ethnic variation in the impact of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) on birth outcome. The authors examined the association between GDM and pregnancy-induced hypertension, macrosomia, primary Cesarean delivery, and preterm birth, using New York City Birth Certificate data from 2001-2006. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the crude and adjusted odds ratios of GDM with each adverse perinatal event, stratified by ethnicity. GDM was associated with increased risk of adverse perinatal events among all ethnic groups, with modest variation by ethnicity. Across ethnic groups, adjusted odds ratios comparing women with and without GDM ranged from 1.4-2.9 for pregnancy-induced hypertension, 1.0-2.2 for macrosomia, 1.1-1.8 for primary Cesarean delivery, and 1.3-1.8 for preterm birth. Overall, Caribbean, Sub-Saharan African, and African American women tended to show a larger relative impact of GDM, while North African, South Central Asian, and Chinese women showed a comparatively smaller impact of GDM. Although some ethnic variation was seen, differences in effect size were not large enough to support ethnic-specific thresholds for GDM diagnosis and treatment.
How to build a healthy heart from scratch.; By any of several measures, the health of the American population has been worsening over the last two decades. Obesity, type 2 diabetes and heart failure have risen dramatically. All the while, the average birthweight at all gestational ages has declined. The relationship between robust growth in the womb and lifelong health is now well established. Likewise, babies born at the low end of the birthweight scale are known to have highly elevated risks for ischemic heart disease, hypertension, stroke and metabolic disease. The biological mechanisms by which developmental plasticity becomes a risk for cardiovascular disease are only now being understood. Translating from animal and human studies, low birthweight babies are likely to have endothelial dysfunction, fewer nephrons, fewer pancreatic beta cells, less vascular elastin, fewer cardiomyocytes, increased sympathetic tone and liver-derived dyslipidemias. Only in the past few years, however, has it become known that maternal and placenta phenotypes are associated with adult onset cardiovascular disease. Helsinki Birth Cohort studies have been especially important in the discovery of these relationships. Sudden cardiac death is associated with a thin placenta and heart failure is associated with a small placenta in short mothers. Coronary heart disease is associated with three combinations of maternal-placental phenotypes. Because the diet is important in providing nutrients for the development of the female body before pregnancy and for providing nutrients during pregnancy, there is increasing evidence that the western diet is an underlying cause for the increase in metabolic disease in the American population. A large segment of the American population suffers from high calorie malnutrition. Scientists in this field now have a responsibility to educate the public on the topic of nutrition and health. This chapter honors Lawrence Longo for decades of work in bringing health to pregnant women and their babies.
Ductus venosus velocimetry in monitoring pregnancy in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this research was to assess the ability of ductus venosus (DV) Doppler velocimetry to predict adverse perinatal outcome in pregnancies complicated by pre-existing diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This was a prospective study conducted at a tertiary referral obstetric facility in Brisbane, Australia. The study group included women with pregestational diabetes mellitus who delivered in the hospital between 1 January 1995 and 31 December 2006. The DV Doppler index was defined as abnormal if the DV peak velocity index for veins (PVIV) was equal to or greater than the 95(th) percentile for gestation. Adverse perinatal outcome included one or more of the following criteria: small-for-gestational-age infant; Cesarean section for non-reassuring fetal status; fetal acidemia at delivery; a 1-min Apgar score of <or= 3; a 5-min Apgar score of < 7; hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy; and stillbirth or neonatal death. The maternal characteristics and perinatal outcomes of pregnancies with normal or abnormal DV Doppler indices were compared. RESULTS: Eighty-two pregestational diabetic pregnancies were studied and an abnormal DV-PVIV was identified in 25 (30.5%). Adverse perinatal outcome was identified in eight of 25 (32.0%) pregnancies with an abnormal DV-PVIV compared to seven of 57 (12.3%) pregnancies with a normal DV-PVIV (P < 0.05). The sensitivity of the DV-PVIV in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes in pregestational diabetic pregnancies was 53.3%, the specificity was 74.6%, the positive predictive value was 32.0% and the negative predictive value was 87.7%. CONCLUSION: It may be useful to include DV-PVIV in the antenatal screening of pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes.
Preconception metabolic indicators predict gestational diabetes and offspring birthweight.; Pregnancy conditions such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and macrosomia lead to an increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring, perpetuating a cycle of poor health. We hypothesized that (1) pre-pregnancy indicators of metabolism would be associated with GDM and birthweight; and (2) the lipid accumulation product (LAP; incorporating waist circumference and triglycerides) and visceral adiposity index (VAI; incorporating waist circumference, triglycerides, and HDL-c) would be better predictors of GDM and birthweight than other indicators. Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked to the Finnish birth registry for 349 women. BMI, triglycerides, waist circumference, insulin, HOMA-IR, LAP, and VAI at the visit prior to the pregnancy were examined as predictors of GDM and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) using logistic regression with adjustment for age, parity, and smoking. Waist circumference was the strongest predictor of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.16-2.38) and LGA (aOR 1.41, 1.00-1.99). For GDM, all markers had similar discrimination; for LGA, the area under the receiver operating curve for waist circumference was significantly higher than for BMI (p < 0.01). This analysis suggests that pregnancy and even offspring health is affected by risk factors outside the immediate time period of pregnancy.
Epidemiological profile and obstetric outcomes of patients with peripartum congestive heart failure in Taiwan: a retrospective nationwide study.; BACKGROUND: During pregnancy, the hyperdynamic physiology of circulation can exacerbate many cardiovascular disorders. Congestive heart failure (CHF) usually occurs during late pregnancy, which is significantly associated with a high level of maternal and neonatal morbidities and mortalities. The profile of women who develop peripartum CHF (PCHF) is unknown. We investigated the epidemiological profiles of PCHF. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, PCHF patients were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes in Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Risk factors and obstetric outcomes were compared in women with and without PCHF. RESULTS: From 2,115,873 birth-mothers in Taiwan between 1997 and 2013, we identified 512 with PCHF (incidence: 24.20/10(5)). More women with than without PCHF were older (≥ 35, 18.16% vs. 9.62%), and had more multifetal gestations (7.42% vs. 1.40%), gestational hypertension (HTN) (19.2% vs. 1.31%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (4.10% vs. 0.67%). After the analysis had been adjusted for confounders, the leading comorbidities associated with PCHF were structural heart diseases (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 67.21; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 54.29-83.22), pulmonary diseases (aOR: 13.12; 95% CI: 10.28-16.75), chronic HTN (aOR: 11.27; 95% CI: 6.94-18.28), thyroid disease (aOR: 9.53; 95% CI: 5.27-17.23), and gestational HTN (aOR: 5.16; 95% CI: 3.89-6.85). PCHF patients also had a higher rate of cesarean sections (66.41% vs. 34.46%; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Maternal structural heart diseases, pulmonary diseases, thyroid disorders, and preexisting or gestational HTN are associated with a higher risk of developing PCHF. Birth-mothers with PCHF also had a higher risk of caesarean section and adverse outcomes, including maternal death. Our findings should benefit healthcare providers, and government and health insurance policy makers.
Comparison of different cardiac risk scores for coronary artery disease in symptomatic women: do female-specific risk factors matter?; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases remain the leading cause of death in women and there is a need for more accurate risk assessment scores. The aims of our study were to compare the accuracy of several widely used cardiac risk assessment scores in predicting the likelihood of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) on CT coronary angiography (CTCA) in symptomatic women and to explore which female-specific risk factors were independent predictors of obstructive CAD on CTCA and whether adding these risk factors to pre-test probability scores would improve their predictive value. METHODS AND RESULTS: Data were obtained from a cohort of 228 consecutively included symptomatic women undergoing evaluation for CAD and referred for CTCA. Obstructive CAD was defined as ≥50% luminal stenosis on CTCA. Pre-test probability for CAD was calculated according to the Diamond and Forrester score, New score, Duke clinical score, and an updated Diamond and Forrester score. Female-specific factors were obtained by a written questionnaire. Pre-test probability scores were compared with ROC analysis and showed that only the New score and the updated Diamond and Forrester score were significant predictive scores for obstructive CAD on CTCA (area under the curve, AUC, 0.67, p < 0.01; AUC 0.61, p = 0.04, respectively). Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oestrogen status were independent predictors of obstructive CAD when adjusted for the pre-test probability scores. The updated Diamond and Forrester score was used for net reclassification improvement (NRI) analysis, since the New score already accounts for oestrogen status. Adding GDM and oestrogen status to the updated Diamond and Forrester score resulted in a significant NRI (p = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: There is a large variability in prediction of obstructive CAD using different pre-test probability risk scores in symptomatic women. Logistic regression analysis revealed that oestrogen status and GDM were independently associated with the occurrence of obstructive stenosis on CTCA. The predictive ability of cardiac pre-test probability scores improved significantly with the addition of oestrogen status and GDM.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, intrauterine growth restriction and premature rupture of membranes.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare individual fetal heart rate (FHR) indices, as determined by computer analysis of the tracing, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension (PIH), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and premature rupture of membranes (pPROM). METHODS: The study population consisted of 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by PIH, 100 pregnant women affected by IUGR, 100 with premature rupture of membranes far from the term (pPROM) and 100 normal pregnancies matched for age, parity and gestation as controls. The 30-min FHR tracing was analyzed by computer. RESULTS: Baseline FHR, the duration of episodes of low variation and short-term variation was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases than in controls; only in PIH, IUGR and pPROM were a significant reduction of the numbers of fetal movements. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrates that pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases do an impact on FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well-being. Computerized FHR tracing analysis may improve the clinical care and the timing of delivery.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with prior gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; This study aims to investigate the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). PubMed and other databases were searched up to August 31, 2017. Cohort studies evaluating risk of CVD postpartum in women with and without prior GDM were included. Random-effect model was used to estimate the pooled relative risk of CVD. Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were performed to check the consistency of the effect size and to explore sources of heterogeneity. Multivariable logistic regression was used to control for high heterogeneity. Seven cohort studies with 3,417,020 pregnant women including 14,146 incident CVD events were retrieved. In the pooled analysis, women with previous GDM had a higher risk of CVD than those without (RR: 1.74, 95%CI: 1.28-2.35, I(2) = 95.7%). Four studies reported the event of coronary artery disease (CAD) and two studies reported stroke. The overall RR for CAD was 2.09 (95%CI: 1.56-2.80, I(2) = 91.2%) and that for stroke was 1.25 (95%CI: 1.07-1.48). In view of the high level of heterogeneity, adjustments were made for this, with the resulting adjusted OR for CVD and CAD being 1.95 (95%CI: 1.83-2.08) and 1.59 (95%CI: 1.30-1.94). Women with prior GDM have increased risk of CVD.
Gestational diabetes induced neuronal loss in CA1 and CA3 subfields of rat hippocampus in early postnatal life.; This study was conducted to determine the effect of gestational diabetes on the neuronal density of CA1 and CA3 subfields of the hippocampus in Wistar rat offspring. On day 1 of gestation, 10 dams were randomly allocated into two control and diabetic groups. Five animals in the diabetic group received 40 mg/kg/b.w. of streptozotocin (intraperitoneally) and the control animals were received normal saline. Six offspring of each of the gestational diabetics and controls were randomly selected in postnatal days 7 and 21. The infants were scarified and coronal sections were taken from the right dorsal hippocampus and stained with cresyl violet. The number of pyramidal cells per 10000 μm(2) area and the thickness of layers of hippocampus in CA1 and CA3 were evaluated. In postnatal day 7, the number of pyramidal neurons in CA1 significantly reduced from 118.82 ± 8.0 in the control group to 84.71 ± 3.3 neurons in gestational diabetic group, and in postnatal day 21 it significantly reduced from 112.71 ± 6.9 in the control group to 91.52 ± 8.5 in the gestational diabetic group. Also, the number of pyramidal cells of CA3 on postnatal day 7 significantly reduced from 90.33 ± 8.1 in the control group to 62.86 ± 7.2 in the gestational diabetic group, and in P21 the number of pyramidal cells significantly reduced from 78.33 ± 2.4 in the control group to 61.7 ± 9.5 cells in the diabetic group. In CA1 and CA3 the thickness of the pyramidal layer on postnatal days 7 and 21 non-significantly increased in gestational diabetics in comparison with the controls. This study showed that uncontrolled gestational diabetes reduces the pyramidal neurons of the hippocampus in rat offspring.
Maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: population based cohort study with 40 years of follow-up.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the associations between maternal diabetes diagnosed before or during pregnancy and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) in offspring during their first four decades of life. DESIGN: Population based cohort study. SETTING: Danish national health registries. PARTICIPANTS: All 2 432 000 liveborn children without congenital heart disease in Denmark during 1977-2016. Follow-up began at birth and continued until first time diagnosis of CVD, death, emigration, or 31 December 2016, whichever came first. EXPOSURES FOR OBSERVATIONAL STUDIES: Pregestational diabetes, including type 1 diabetes (n=22 055) and type 2 diabetes (n=6537), and gestational diabetes (n=26 272). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was early onset CVD (excluding congenital heart diseases) defined by hospital diagnosis. Associations between maternal diabetes and risks of early onset CVD in offspring were studied. Cox regression was used to assess whether a maternal history of CVD or maternal diabetic complications affected these associations. Adjustments were made for calendar year, sex, singleton status, maternal factors (parity, age, smoking, education, cohabitation, residence at childbirth, history of CVD before childbirth), and paternal history of CVD before childbirth. The cumulative incidence was averaged across all individuals, and factors were adjusted while treating deaths from causes other than CVD as competing events. RESULTS: During up to 40 years of follow-up, 1153 offspring of mothers with diabetes and 91 311 offspring of mothers who did not have diabetes were diagnosed with CVD. Offspring of mothers with diabetes had a 29% increased overall rate of early onset CVD (hazard ratio 1.29 (95% confidence interval 1.21 to 1.37); cumulative incidence among offspring unexposed to maternal diabetes at 40 years of age 13.07% (12.92% to 13.21%), difference in cumulative incidence between exposed and unexposed offspring 4.72% (2.37% to 7.06%)). The sibship design yielded results similar to those of the unpaired design based on the whole cohort. Both pregestational diabetes (1.34 (1.25 to 1.43)) and gestational diabetes (1.19 (1.07 to 1.32)) were associated with increased rates of CVD in offspring. We also observed varied increased rates of specific early onset CVDs, particularly heart failure (1.45 (0.89 to 2.35)), hypertensive disease (1.78 (1.50 to 2.11)), deep vein thrombosis (1.82 (1.38 to 2.41)), and pulmonary embolism (1.91 (1.31 to 2.80)). Increased rates of CVD were seen in different age groups from childhood to early adulthood until age 40 years. The increased rates were more pronounced among offspring of mothers with diabetic complications (1.60 (1.25 to 2.05)). A higher incidence of early onset CVD in offspring of mothers with diabetes and comorbid CVD (1.73 (1.36 to 2.20)) was associated with the added influence of comorbid CVD but not due to the interaction between diabetes and CVD on the multiplicative scale (P value for interaction 0.94). CONCLUSIONS: Children of mothers with diabetes, especially those mothers with a history of CVD or diabetic complications, have increased rates of early onset CVD from childhood to early adulthood. If maternal diabetes does have a causal association with increased CVD rate in offspring, the prevention, screening, and treatment of diabetes in women of childbearing age could help to reduce the risk of CVD in the next generation.
Perinatal outcomes for untreated women with gestational diabetes by IADPSG criteria: a population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the risk for adverse perinatal outcomes for women who met the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria but not the two-step criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). DESIGN: Population-level cross-sectional study. SETTING: Ontario, Canada. POPULATION: A total of 90 140 women who underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. METHODS: Women were divided into those who met the diagnostic thresholds for GDM by two-step criteria and were therefore treated, those who met only the IADPSG criteria for GDM and so were not treated, and those who did not have GDM by either criteria. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, primary caesarean section, large-for-gestational-age, shoulder dystocia and neonatal intensive care unit admission. RESULTS: Women who met the IADPSG criteria had an increased risk for all adverse perinatal outcomes compared with women who did not have GDM. Women with GDM by two-step criteria also had an increased risk of most outcomes. However, their risk for large-for-gestational-age neonates and for shoulder dystocia was actually lower than that of women who met IADPSG criteria. CONCLUSION: Women who met IADPSG criteria but who were not diagnosed with GDM based on the current two-step diagnostic strategy, and were therefore not treated, had an increased risk for adverse perinatal outcomes compared with women who do not have GDM. The current strategy for diagnosing GDM may be leaving women who are at risk for adverse events without the dietary and pharmacological treatments that could improve their pregnancy outcomes. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Women who meet IADPSG criteria for GDM have an increased risk for adverse perinatal outcomes compared with women without GDM.
Controversies in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and controversy are old friends. However, several major studies in the field have clarified some of the main issues. There is now no doubt that hyperglycaemia, at levels less than those that occur in overt diabetes, is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as large-for-gestational age infants, neonatal hyperinsulinism, neonatal hypoglycaemia and pre-eclampsia. We also have evidence now that a standard approach to GDM with diagnosis at 24-28 weeks, dietary advice, self-monitoring of blood glucose and insulin therapy as needed reduces these adverse perinatal outcomes. Unknown, however, is if this same approach is effective at reducing long-term risks of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in both the mothers and babies. For example, could our management strategies miss critical time points of fuel-mediated injury to the foetus important for the baby's long-term metabolic health? The implications of a recent international consensus statement on new diagnostic criteria for GDM are discussed, as well as issues relating to the timing of diagnosis. The potential place for a risk calculator for adverse outcomes in GDM pregnancy that takes into account glycaemic and non-glycaemic risk factors is considered. Such a tool could help stratify GDM women to different levels of care. Ongoing issues relating to maternal glycaemic and foetal growth targets, and the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents in GDM are discussed. To resolve some of the remaining controversies, further carefully designed randomised controlled trials in GDM with long-term follow-up of both mothers and babies are necessary.
Good glycemic control of gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with the attenuation of future maternal cardiovascular risk: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: To examine whether glycemic control of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could modify the risk for future maternal metabolic and cardiovascular morbidities. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of women with a first diagnosis of GDM who delivered between 1991 and 2011. Women were divided into groups of good and poor glycemic control, defined as a mean daily glucose of up to 95 mg/dL (N = 230) and more than 95 mg/dL (N = 216), respectively. In addition, a control group of women without GDM (N = 352) was also analyzed. The primary outcomes were the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, hypertension, or dyslipidemia. RESULTS: Mean follow-up time was 15.8 ± 5.1 years. Assessment was performed at a maternal age of 45 ± 7 years. The rates of the study outcomes in the control, GDM with good glycemic control and GDM with poor glycemic control were as follows: T2DM [19 (5.4%), 87 (38%), 127 (57%)]; hypertension [44 (13%), 42 (18%), 44 (20%)]; obesity [111 (32%), 112 (48%), 129 (58%)]; and dyslipidemia [49 (14%), 67 (29%), 106 (48%)]. Glycemic control was an independent risk factor for T2DM in multivariate Cox regression analysis (hazard ratio (HR) for poor glycemic control vs. controls 10.7 95% CI [6.0-19.0], good glycemic control vs. control HR 6.0 [3.3-10.8], and poor glycemic control vs. good glycemic control HR 1.8 [1.3-2.4]). Glycemic control was also an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia (poor glycemic control vs. controls HR 3.7 [2.3-5.8], good glycemic control vs. controls HR 2.0 [1.2-3.2], and poor glycemic control vs. good glycemic control HR 1.8 1.8 [1.3-2.6]). The fasting glucose level during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was also an independent risk factor for these complications. The interaction term between glycemic control and the fasting value of the OGTT was not statistically significant, suggesting that the effect of glycemic control on the rate of future T2DM and dyslipidemia was not modified by the baseline severity of GDM. CONCLUSION: GDM and especially poor glycemic control are associated with T2DM and dyslipidemia. Strict glycemic control for reducing that risk should be evaluated in prospective trials.
Potential prognostic biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in fetal macrosomia: the impact of gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Fetal macrosomia is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and increased cardiovascular risk. Cardiac biomarkers may play diagnostic/prognostic role in cardiovascular disease. We tested whether cardiac biomarkers are differentially expressed in cord blood samples of full-term singleton large-for-gestational-age (LGA), as compared to appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) pregnancies. METHODS: Cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1), Titin, pentraxin (PTX-3) and soluble CD36 (sCD36) concentrations were determined in 80 cord blood samples from a) LGA pregnancies due to maternal diabetes (n = 8), overweight/obese (n = 11), excessive weight gain (n = 7), without specific pathology (n = 14), b) AGA normal pregnancies (controls, n = 40). Neonates were classified as LGA or AGA based on customized birth weight (BW) standards. RESULTS: CT-1 and Titin concentrations were higher in LGA than AGA pregnancies (p < .001 and p = .023, respectively). A subgroup analysis (in the LGA group) showed increased CT-1 concentrations only in diabetic pregnancies. PTX-3 and sCD36 concentrations were similar in LGA and AGA fetuses. In the LGA group, PTX-3 concentrations positively correlated with birth-weight (r = .416, p = .008) and respective sCD36 concentrations (r = .443, p = .004). CONCLUSION: Higher Titin concentrations in LGAs possibly represent a candidate molecular mechanism underlying the association between fetal macrosomia and cardiomyocyte/diastolic dysfunction. CT-1 is up-regulated only in LGAs exposed to maternal diabetes. PTX-3 and sCD36 are probably not affected by excessive fetal growth.
A prenatal case of Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 1 with a 0.26-Mb deletion fragment at Xq26.2 inherited from mother: Case report.; RATIONALE: The purpose of this report was to explore how to manage the fetus of Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 1 (SGBS1) and to provide a definite diagnosis to guide the following genetic counseling for the pregnancy. PATIENT CONCERNS: A 24-year-old women, gravida 1, para 0, was 172 cm tall with weight 65 kg. She was referred to our center for counseling due to second-trimester ultrasound screening anomalies at 22 + 5 weeks of gestation age. Meanwhile the ultrasound examination indicated the overgrowth of the fetus. She and her husband were healthy and nonconsanguineous without family history. DIAGNOSES: The karyotype and copy number variations sequencing (CNV-seq) combined with fetal ultrasound manifestation confirmed the diagnosis of SGBS1. INTERVENTIONS: No treatment for the fetus. OUTCOMES: Pregnancy was terminated. LESSIONS: Once fetal overgrowth and other malformation are revealed in prenatal ultrasound, although without polyhydramnios and organomegaly, SGBS1 should be considered and further genetic testing such as CNV-seq and whole exon sequencing should be conducted to help clinicians provide a definite diagnosis to guide the following genetic counseling and the next pregnancy.
The clinical outcomes of unplanned pregnancy in severely obese women.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to compare the clinical outcomes of unplanned pregnancies among severely obese women with those of planned pregnancies. METHODS: This prospective cohort study included severely obese women (Body Mass Index [BMI] ≥ 40.0 kg/m(2)) who delivered a baby weighing ≥ 500 g over 5 years 2009-2013 in a large university hospital. Maternal weight and height were measured and BMI was calculated at the first prenatal visit. RESULTS: Of the 650 women, the mean BMI was 43.8 kg/m(2), mean age was 31.6 years, and 30.0% (n = 195) were nulliparous. Prenatal complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive and thromboembolic disorders occurred in 56.6% (n = 368). Compared with planned pregnancies (58.2%, n = 378), those that were unplanned (41.8%, n = 272) were associated with increased prepregnancy risk factors including essential hypertension (4.0% versus 1.6%, p = 0.03) and depression (6.6% versus 3.2%, p = 0.03). Unplanned pregnancy was associated with a higher macrosomia rate (birthweight > 4.5 kg) compared with planned pregnancies (p = 0.03). This was not explained by a higher GDM rate in unplanned pregnancies. Compared with planned pregnancies, unplanned pregnancies were not associated with increased adverse fetomaternal outcomes. CONCLUSION: Despite increased prepregnancy risk factors, in severely obese women, unplanned pregnancies were not associated with increased prenatal complications or adverse pregnancy outcomes compared with planned pregnancies.
Management of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Once a woman is diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), two strategies are considered for management; life-style modifications and pharmacological therapy. The management of GDM aims to maintain a normoglycemic state and to prevent excessive weight gain in order to reduce maternal and fetal complications. Lifestyle modifications include nutritional therapy and exercise. Calorie restriction with a low glycemic index diet is recommended to avoid postprandial hyperglycemia and to reduce insulin resistance. Blood glucose levels, HbA1c levels, and ketonuria are monitored to analyze the efficacy of conservative management. Pharmacological treatment is initiated if conservative strategies fail to provide expected glucose levels during follow-ups.Insulin has been the first choice for the treatment of diabetes during pregnancy. Recently, metformin has been used more commonly in diabetic pregnant women in cases when insulin cannot be prescribed, after its safety has been proven. However, a high percentage of women, which may be up to 46% may require additional insulin to maintain expected blood glucose levels. The evidence on the long-term safety of other oral anti-diabetics has been lacking yet.Women with diet-controlled GDM can wait for spontaneous labor expectantly in case there are no obstetric indications for birth. However, in women with GDM under insulin therapy or with poor glycemic control, elective induction at term is recommended by authorities.The women who have GDM during pregnancy should be counseled about their increased risks of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, cardiovascular diseases, and metabolic syndrome.
Third Trimester Myocardial Performance Index in Fetuses from Women with Hyperglycemia in Pregnancy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; INTRODUCTION:  The myocardial performance index (MPI) has been proposed to evaluate cardiac dysfunction in newborns from diabetic mothers. Although MPI is routinely assessed in newborns, its role in the evaluation of fetuses from women with hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP) is still under evaluation. We aimed to evaluate the differences in third trimester fetal MPI in pregnant women with hyperglycemia compared to healthy controls. MATERIALS AND METHODS:  Seven electronic databases were searched for all studies assessing women with HIP who underwent evaluation of fetal left MPI during pregnancy compared to a control group. The summary measures were reported as mean differences (MD) in the mean fetal left MPI between women with HIP and healthy controls, with a 95 % confidence interval (CI). A post hoc subgroup analysis based on the type of HIP - pregestational diabetes, GDM, or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) - was performed as an additional analysis. RESULTS:  14 studies assessing 1326 fetuses (580 from women with HIP and 746 from controls) were included. Women with HIP had a significantly higher mean left fetal MPI compared to controls (MD 0.08; 95 %CI: 0.05 to 0.11; p < 0.00 001). Subgroup analysis according to the type of HIP concurred with the overall analysis for women with DM (MD 0.07; 95 %CI: 0.01 to 0.13; p = 0.02) and for women with GDM (MD 0.012; 95 %CI: 0.07 to 0.17; p < 0.00 001) but not for women with GIGT (MD -0.01, 95 % CI -0.28 to 0.27; p = 0.96). CONCLUSION:  Fetal left MPI is increased in pregnancies with HIP appearing as a potential marker of cardiac dysfunction.
Maternal outcome in class H diabetes mellitus.; The term class H diabetes mellitus has recently been used to describe pregnant diabetic women with ischemic heart disease. In such patients, the risks of abortion may approach those of continuing the gestation. Because significant cardiac disease can occur with diabetes of even recent onset, a baseline electrocardiogram is thus recommended for all pregnant diabetic women. Review of the literature reveals 11 cases, 8 of which resulted in maternal death. The authors have successfully treated a class H diabetic woman who delivered a healthy infant at 36 weeks' gestation.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: a Swedish population based case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To identify if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a clinically useful marker of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and if GDM combined with other risks (smoking, hypertension or body mass) identifies high-risk groups. DESIGN: Population-based matched case-control study. SETTING: National Swedish register data from 1991 to 2008. POPULATION: A total of 2639 women with a cardiovascular event and matched controls. METHODS: Conditional logistic regression examined associations with CVD before and after adjustment for conventional risk factors and confounders. Effect modification for the association of GDM with CVD by body mass index (BMI), smoking and chronic hypertension was assessed by stratification and interaction testing. Adjustment for diabetes post-pregnancy evaluated its mediating role. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Inpatient diagnoses or causes of death identifying ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, atherosclerosis or peripheral vascular disease. RESULTS: The adjusted odds ratios (and 95% confidence intervals) for the association of CVD with GDM are 1.51 (1.07-2.14), 2.23 (2.01-2.48) for smoking, 1.98 (1.71-2.29) for obesity and 5.10 (3.18-8.18) for chronic hypertension. In stratified analysis the association of CVD with GDM was only seen among women with BMI ≥25, with an odds ratio of 2.39 (1.39-4.10), but only women with a BMI <30 accounted for this increased risk. Adjustment for post-pregnancy diabetes attenuated it somewhat to 1.99 (1.13-3.52). CONCLUSIONS: In the absence of other recognised cardiovascular risk factors, such as smoking, obesity or chronic hypertension, GDM is a useful marker of raised CVD risk among women with BMI between 25 and 29.
Five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: . The long-term impact of gestational complications on cardiovascular outcomes in women remains a subject of debate. AIM: To assess the 5-year risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality in women with gestational diabetes and hypertension. METHODS: Retrospective study utilising an health research network(TriNetX). The primary outcome was the composite risk of a cardiovascular event within 5 years with secondary outcomes being its components (all-cause death, acute heart failure, myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke). Women were categorised into 8 different groups based on the ICD-codes for pregnancy related complications recorded 9 months before the delivery:1) gestational diabetes,2) gestational hypertension,3) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension,4) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,5) gestational diabetes with pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,6) gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,7) pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,and 8) no gestational complications. Cox-regression analyses were used to produce hazard ratios (HRs) and 95 % confidence intervals (CI) before and after propensity score matching (PSM). RESULTS: We identified, 24,402 women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension and 920,478 without gestational complications. After PSM, compared to women without pregnancy complications, women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension had a higher 5-year risk of composite outcome(HR 2.25,95 %CI 2.02-2.51), all-cause death(HR 1.64,95 %CI 1.31-2.06), acute heart failure(HR 2.06,95 %CI 1.69-2.52), myocardial infarction(HR 2.46,95 %CI 1.93-3.14), and ischemic stroke(HR 2.37,95 %CI 2.06-2.74). Women who experienced pre-eclampsia or eclampsia showed the highest risk of primary and secondary outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational complications are associated with worse long-term cardiovascular outcomes. There is a clear call to action required to improve the longitudinal management of gestational complications to improve women's long-term health.
Severe cardiovascular morbidity in women with hypertensive diseases during delivery hospitalization.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of pregnancy-related death in the United States. Identification of short-term indicators of cardiovascular morbidity has the potential to alter the course of this devastating disease among women. It has been established that hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease 10-30 years after delivery; however, little is known about the association of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy with cardiovascular morbidity during the delivery hospitalization. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to identify the immediate risk of cardiovascular morbidity during the delivery hospitalization among women who experienced a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective cohort study of women, 15-55 years old with a singleton gestation between 2008 and 2012 in New York City, examined the risk of severe cardiovascular morbidity in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy compared with normotensive women during their delivery hospitalization. Women with a history of chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or cardiovascular disease were excluded. Mortality and severe cardiovascular morbidity (myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular disease, acute heart failure, heart failure or arrest during labor or procedure, cardiomyopathy, cardiac arrest and ventricular fibrillation, or conversion of cardiac rhythm) during the delivery hospitalization were identified using birth certificates and discharge record coding. Using multivariable logistic regression, we assessed the association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and severe cardiovascular morbidity, adjusting for relevant sociodemographic and pregnancy-specific clinical risk factors. RESULTS: A total of 569,900 women met inclusion criteria. Of those women, 39,624 (6.9%) had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy: 11,301 (1.9%) gestational hypertension; 16,117 (2.8%) preeclampsia without severe features; and 12,206 (2.1%) preeclampsia with severe features, of whom 319 (0.06%) had eclampsia. Among women with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, 431 experienced severe cardiovascular morbidity (10.9 per 1000 deliveries; 95% confidence interval, 9.9-11.9). Among normotensive women, 1780 women experienced severe cardiovascular morbidity (3.4 per 1000 deliveries; 95% confidence interval, 3.2-3.5). Compared with normotensive women, there was a progressively increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity with gestational hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 1.18; 95% confidence interval, 0.92-1.52), preeclampsia without severe features (adjusted odds ratio, 1.96; 95% confidence interval, 1.66-2.32), preeclampsia with severe features (adjusted odds ratio, 3.46; 95% confidence interval, 2.99-4.00), and eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 12.46; 95% confidence interval, 7.69-20.22). Of the 39,624 women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, there were 15 maternal deaths, 14 of which involved 1 or more cases of severe cardiovascular morbidity. CONCLUSION: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, particularly preeclampsia with severe features and eclampsia, are significantly associated with cardiovascular morbidity during the delivery hospitalization. Increased vigilance, including diligent screening for cardiac pathology in patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, may lead to decreased morbidity for mothers.
Cardiovascular Disease-Associated MicroRNAs as Novel Biomarkers of First-Trimester Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Absence of Other Pregnancy-Related Complications.; We assessed the diagnostic potential of cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs for the early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancies of Caucasian descent in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications. Whole peripheral venous blood samples were collected within 10 to 13 weeks of gestation. This retrospective study involved all pregnancies diagnosed with only GDM (n = 121) and 80 normal term pregnancies selected with regard to equality of sample storage time. Gene expression of 29 microRNAs was assessed using real-time RT-PCR. Upregulation of 11 microRNAs (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p) was observed in pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. Combined screening of all 11 dysregulated microRNAs showed the highest accuracy for the early identification of pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. This screening identified 47.93% of GDM pregnancies at a 10.0% false positive rate (FPR). The predictive model for GDM based on aberrant microRNA expression profile was further improved via the implementation of clinical characteristics (maternal age and BMI at early stages of gestation and an infertility treatment by assisted reproductive technology). Following this, 69.17% of GDM pregnancies were identified at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model specifically for severe GDM requiring administration of therapy involved using a combination of these three clinical characteristics and three microRNA biomarkers (miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, and miR-195-5p). This model identified 78.95% of cases at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model for GDM managed by diet only required the involvement of these three clinical characteristics and eight microRNA biomarkers (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p). With this, the model identified 50.50% of GDM pregnancies managed by diet only at a 10.0% FPR. When other clinical variables such as history of miscarriage, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, positive first-trimester screening for preeclampsia and/or fetal growth restriction by the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm, and family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives were included in the GDM prediction model, the predictive power was further increased at a 10.0% FPR (72.50% GDM in total, 89.47% GDM requiring therapy, and 56.44% GDM managed by diet only). Cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs represent promising early biomarkers to be implemented into routine first-trimester screening programs with a very good predictive potential for GDM.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL).; To compare cardiovascular risk and disease prevalence in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Cross-sectional data from 2008 to 2011 were analyzed for 8,262 (305 with GDM history) parous women, aged 20-73 years, from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL). Women with and without a history of GDM were compared on sociodemographic, cardiovascular risk factor, and disease data from standardized interviews and fasting blood tests, using chi-square tests, t-tests, and logistic regressions to determine odds ratios (ORs) and 95 percent confidence intervals (CIs). Adjusting for covariates, compared to those without a history of GDM, women with a history of GDM were younger (M = 39.1 years [95 percent CI = 37.8, 41.6] vs. 45.5 years [95 percent CI = 44.9, 46.1]) and more likely to have health insurance (68.1 percent [95 percent CI = 60.3 percent, 76.0 percent] vs. 54.9 percent [95 percent CI = 52.8 percent, 57.1 percent]), had greater waist circumference (M = 102.3 cm, [95 percent CI = 100.2, 104.3] vs. 98.1 cm [95 percent CI = 97.4, 98.5]) and higher fasting glucose (116.0 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 107.8, 124.3] vs. 104.2 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 103.4, 105.1]), and had higher odds of having metabolic syndrome (OR = 1.7 [95 percent CI = 1.2, 2.6]) or diabetes (OR = 3.3 [95 percent CI = 2.2, 4.8]). Prevalences of heart and cerebrovascular disease were similar. GDM history was positively associated with diabetes but not with cardiovascular disease.
Optimizing Term Delivery and Mode of Delivery.; Full-term deliveries are defined as occurring between 39 weeks and 40 weeks and 6 days. Because contemporary research suggests improved outcomes with delivery in the term period compared with the early term period, nonindicated delivery should be pursued no earlier than 39 weeks. There are, however, multiple medical, obstetric, and fetal indications for delivery before 39 weeks, and the obstetric provider must weigh the risks and benefits of delivery versus expectant management on both the mother and fetus. This review serves to provide a basic framework of evidentiary support toward optimizing the term delivery.
Impact of pregnancy on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without gestational diabetes.; AIMS: The elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease in women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been attributed to adverse life-course trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors that arise before pregnancy and continue thereafter. We hypothesized that pregnancy may differentially affect these trajectories in women who develop GDM and those who do not. MATERIALS AND METHODS: With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and ≥2 measurements of the following analytes both before and after pregnancy: glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), glucose, lipids and transaminases. In total, 39 581 women (4373 with GDM) had 3.9 ± 3.4 tests before and 4.6 ± 5.4 tests after pregnancy. RESULTS: Both before and after pregnancy, women who developed GDM had higher HbA1c, fasting glucose, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and triglycerides than their peers, with lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (all p < .0001). Before pregnancy, women who went on to GDM had higher annual increases than their peers did in HbA1c, fasting glucose and triglycerides (all p ≤ .01); lesser annual decrease in LDL (p = .0003); and greater annual decrease in HDL (p = .0006). Compared with pre-pregnancy, the postpartum differences in annual rates of change in HbA1c and fasting glucose were 6.9- and 3.3-fold higher, respectively, in women with GDM. Conversely, the respective postpartum differences in annual rates of change in triglycerides, LDL and HDL were 1.2, 1.6 and 0.3 times lower than before pregnancy. CONCLUSION: After pregnancy, differences in pregravid trajectories of glycaemic measures are amplified between women with GDM and their peers. In contrast, pregravid differences in lipid measures persist but do not differentially worsen after pregnancy.
The duration of estrogen treatment before progesterone application does not affect neonatal and perinatal outcomes in frozen embryo transfer cycles.; OBJECTIVE: To explore whether the duration of estrogen treatment before progesterone application affects neonatal and perinatal outcomes in artificial frozen embryo transfer (FET) cycles. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study. Patients who underwent FET via artificial cycles and delivered a singleton live birth between January 2015 and August 2019 were included in the analysis. According to the duration of estrogen treatment before progesterone application, we divided the cycles into four groups: ①≤12 days, ②13-15 days, ③16-19 days, and ④≥20 days. The '≤12 days group' was considered the reference group. The main outcome measures were preterm birth (PTB), small-for-gestational age (SGA), low birth weight (LBW), macrosomia, large-for-gestational age (LGA), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, premature rupture and placenta previa. RESULTS: Overall, 2010 FET cycles with singleton live births were included for analysis. Cycles were allocated to four groups according to the duration of estrogen treatment before progesterone application: ①≤12 days (n=372), ②13-15 days (n=745), ③16-19 days (n=654), ④≥20 days (n=239). The neonatal outcomes, including PTB, SGA, LBW, macrosomia and LGA, were comparable among the groups (P=0.328, P=0.390, P=0.551, P=0.565, P=0.358). The rates of gestational hypertension, premature rupture and placenta previa (P=0.676, P=0.662, P=0.211) were similar among the groups. The rates of GDM among the four groups were 4.0% (15/372), 6.7% (50/745), 6.4% (42/654), and 11.3% (27/239), with statistical significance (P=0.006). After multiple logistic regression analysis, the duration of estrogen treatment did not affect the rate of GDM or other outcomes. CONCLUSION: The estrogen treatment duration before progesterone application does not affect neonatal and perinatal outcomes in single frozen blastocyst transfer cycles.
Assessment of fetal myocardial performance index in women with pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Fetal cardiac left ventricular function in pregnant women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was investigated by exploring fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocity (E/A) ratio. METHODS: Seventy pregnant women with either pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus and with no other systemic or pregnancy related disorders were compared with 70 gestational age matched healthy controls by means of fetal left ventricular MPI and E/A ratio. Opening and closing clicks of the mitral and aortic valves were used to define the three time periods: ejection time (ET), isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) and isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT), which were employed in the calculation of MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Statistical analyses were conducted using receiver operating characteristic analysis and independent two-sample t, Mann-Whitney U and chi-square tests. RESULTS: Fetal left ventricular MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group compared with controls (0.56 ± 0.09 vs 0.36 ± 0.04, P < 0.001), whereas E/A ratio was lower (0.66 ± 0.11 vs 0.69 ± 0.09, P = 0.049). The adverse perinatal outcome rate was also higher in the diabetic group. Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed > 0.39 as the optimal cut-off level for MPI in perinatal adverse outcome prediction (sensitivity: 90.9%, specificity: 47.7%, area under the curve: 0.690, 95% confidence interval: 0.598-0.782, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that fetuses of diabetic mothers have significant left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction. MPI may be used in the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies.
Early Gestational Diabetes Screening Based on ACOG Guidelines.; OBJECTIVE: A recent randomized controlled trial suggested that early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening in patients with obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥30 kg/m(2)) does not improve perinatal outcomes. The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology currently recommends early screening for gestational diabetes in patients who are overweight with one or more additional risk factors. We evaluated the effect of screening based on the number of additional risk factors for development of gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized controlled trial of obese patients with singleton nonanomalous fetuses comparing early (14-20 weeks' gestation) with routine (24-28 weeks' gestation) GDM screening. Exclusion criteria were pregestational diabetes, major medical illnesses, bariatric surgery, chronic steroid use, and prior cesarean. Early versus routine GDM screening groups were compared and stratified by the number of additional risk factors for GDM (0, 1, 2, and ≥3). The primary outcome was an adverse perinatal composite outcome composed of: macrosomia, primary cesarean delivery, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, and neonatal hypoglycemia. Analyses examined effects of early versus routine screening by the number of additional risk factors and their possible interaction on the incidences of the primary outcome and GDM. RESULTS: Of 913 patients, 5% had 0, 52% had 1, 33% had 2, and 10% had ≥3 additional risk factors. Baseline characteristics, including the number and type of risk factors, were similar between early and routine screening groups. Breslow-Day test for interaction between early versus routine screening and the number of additional risk factors was not significant for either the primary outcome (p = 0.37) or the diagnosis of GDM (p = 0.28). The incidence of GDM and the adverse perinatal composite outcome increased as the number of risk factors increased (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: In patients with BMI ≥30 kg/m(2) and additional risk factors, early GDM screening does not prevent adverse outcomes. KEY POINTS: · The ACOG currently recommends early screening for gestational diabetes if patients have risk factors.. · Even in patients with multiple risk factors, early screening for GDM does not improve outcomes.. · Patients with three or more risk factors may have worse outcomes if they undergo early screening..
Pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus in a retrospective multi-institutional study in Japan.; The present study was performed to evaluate pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) in Japan. This multi-institutional retrospective study was conducted in 40 general hospitals in Japan during 2003-2009. We evaluated 369 and 579 pregnant women with type 1 and type 2 DM, respectively, and compared pregnancy outcomes between the two groups. Glycosylated hemoglobin levels in the first trimester did not differ significantly between the studied groups. Gestational weight gain was lower in type 2 DM than in type 1 DM. Although there were no significant differences in perinatal outcomes between the groups, the primary cesarean section rate was higher in type 2 DM than in type 1 DM. Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that primigravida status, pre-gestational body mass index (BMI), gestational weight gain, chronic hypertension, and microvascular disease including diabetic retinopathy or nephropathy were associated with onset of pregnancy-induced hypertension. Further, pre-gestational BMI was associated with the need for primary cesarean section. This study demonstrated that no differences were observed in the rates of perinatal mortality and congenital malformation between pregnant women with type 1 DM and type 2 DM; however, women with type 2 DM displayed a higher risk of primary cesarean section.
The correlation of fetal cardiac function with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oxidative stress levels.; Background The primary objective of this study was to compare the fetal cardiac performance index (Tei index) between the fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers and non-GDM mothers; and the secondary objective was to compare various other parameters of fetal cardiac function as well as maternal oxidative stress levels between the groups of GDM and non-GDM mothers. Methods A cross-sectional study was conducted on pregnant women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. All of the participants underwent 100 g, 3-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as a diagnostic test for GDM and were categorized as non-GDM and GDM group. All participants had fetal echocardiography performed for cardiac function, and then maternal blood samples were collected for biomarker measurements. Results A total of 80 pregnant women, including 43 in the GDM group and 37 in the non-GDM group, were included in the study. The maternal serum 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interleukin (IL)-10 levels were significantly higher in the GDM group than those in the non-GDM group (P: 0.028, P: 0.019 and P: 0.031, respectively). The fetal cardiac function parameters were not significantly different between the two groups. Regardless of the GDM status, the fetuses with high levels of oxidative stress (8Isop ≥1000 pg/mg protein) had a significantly higher rate of impaired shortening fraction (SF) of the left ventricle (P: 0.001). Conclusion GDM is significantly associated with an increase in the oxidative stress process, and a high level of oxidative stress was significantly associated with left ventricular (LV) function impairment. Though a correlation between GDM and fetal cardiac function impairment was not clearly demonstrated in this study, this study suggests that GDM patients with a high level of oxidative stress should be evaluated for fetal cardiac function.
Relationship Between Pregnancy Complications and Subsequent Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomographic Angiography in Black Women.; BACKGROUND: Maternal pregnancy complications, particularly preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, are described to increase the risk for subsequent coronary artery disease (CAD). In addition, black women are at higher risk for CAD. The objective of this study was to compare the prevalence and extent of CAD as detected by coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) in black women with and without a history of prior pregnancy complications. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated patient characteristics and CCTA findings in groups of black women with a prior history of preterm delivery (n=154), preeclampsia (n=137), or gestational diabetes mellitus (n=148), and a matched control group of black women who gave birth without such complications (n=445). Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to assess risk factors of CAD. RESULTS: All groups with prior pregnancy complications showed higher rates of any (≥20% luminal narrowing) and obstructive (≥50% luminal narrowing) CAD (preterm delivery: 29.2% and 9.1%; preeclampsia: 29.2% and 7.3%; and gestational diabetes mellitus: 47.3% and 15.5%) compared with control women (23.8% and 5.4%). After accounting for confounding factors at multivariate analysis, gestational diabetes mellitus remained a strong risk factor of any (odds ratio, 3.26; 95% CI, 2.03-5.22; P<0.001) and obstructive CAD (odds ratio, 3.00; 95% CI, 1.55-5.80; P<0.001) on CCTA. CONCLUSIONS: Black women with a history of pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus, have a higher prevalence of CAD on CCTA while only a history of gestational diabetes mellitus was independently associated with any and obstructive CAD on CCTA.
Exposure to Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Is Associated with Aggravated Short-Term Neonatal and Neurological Outcomes following Perinatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Encephalopathy.; OBJECTIVE: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at higher risk of perinatal morbidities and glycemic instability, but the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes of neonates with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) remains poorly described. Our objective was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes following neonatal HIE. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective single-center study including 102 term neonates with HIE who received therapeutic hypothermia (TH) treatment between 2013 and 2020. Multiple regression analysis was used to assess the relationship between the presence of maternal diabetes and short-term outcomes. RESULTS: Neonates with HIE and maternal diabetes exposure had a significantly lower gestational age at birth (38.6 vs. 39.7 weeks of gestation, p = 0.005) and a significantly higher mean birth weight (3,588 ± 752 vs. 3,214 ± 514 g, p = 0.012). IDM with HIE were ventilated for longer duration (8 vs. 4 days, p = 0.0047) and had a longer neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) stay (18 vs. 11 days, p = 0.0483) as well as took longer time to reach full oral feed (15 vs. 7 days, p = 0.0432) compared with neonates of nondiabetic mother. Maternal diabetes was also associated with an increased risk of death or abnormal neurological examination at discharge in neonates with HIE (odds ratio: 6.41 [1.54-26.32]). CONCLUSION: In neonates with HIE, maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of death or short-term neonatal morbidities, such as longer duration of ventilation, prolonged neonatal stay, greater need for tube feeding, and being discharged with an abnormal neurological examination. Strategies to prevent, reduce, or better control maternal diabetes during pregnancy should be prioritized to minimize complications after perinatal asphyxia. KEY POINTS: · Maternal DB is associated with unfavorable outcomes.. · IDM have longer ventilatory support and tube feeding.. · IDM have higher risk of abnormal neurological examination..
[Anaesthetic management of caesarean section in pregnancy with diabetes and hypertrophic myocardiopathy with restrictive diastolic dysfunction].; Haemodynamic changes that occur during pregnancy are maximal between 28 and 34 weeks. In the pregnant woman with several associated diseases, such as hypertensive myocardiopathy and pre-gestational diabetes, these changes can lead to a difficult control of pulmonary hypertension and acute pulmonary oedema. We report the case of a pregnant woman with long term type 1 diabetes mellitus who suffered pre-eclampsia in a previous pregnancy, and since then developed hypertensive cardiomyopathy. She was admitted at 30 week gestation for metabolic and blood pressure control, and developed congestive cardiac failure after the administration of betamethasone for foetal lung maturity. A transthoracic echocardiogram showed a non-dilated hypertrophic left ventricle with good systolic function, restrictive diastolic dysfunction and moderate pulmonary arterial hypertension. When her general condition improved, we performed a caesarean section under regional anaesthesia to prevent the complications of pulmonary and systemic hypertension. We present the anaesthetic management and resolution of complications after oxytocin administration.
Macular capillary blood flow velocity by blue-field entoptoscopy in diabetic and healthy women during pregnancy and the postpartum period.; PURPOSE: To study macular capillary blood flow velocity in diabetic and healthy women during pregnancy and the postpartum period. METHODS: A prospective study of 46 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes and 11 healthy pregnant women was performed. Macular capillary blood flow velocity was measured by blue-field entoptic simulation. Diabetic retinopathy was graded from colour fundus photographs. RESULTS: In diabetic women, the macular capillary blood flow velocity was 0.94+/-0.27 mm/s (mean +/- SD) during the first trimester, 1.00+/-0.28 mm/s during the third trimester and 1.03+/-0.24 mm/s 3 months postpartum, compared with values of 0.71+/-0.20, 0.77+/-+/-0.20 and 0.82+/-0.19 mm/s, respectively, in healthy women (P=0.0026 between groups). Diabetic women with no or very mild retinopathy had lower macular capillary blood flow velocities than those with more severe retinopathy (P=0.0164), but higher velocities than healthy women (P=0.0167). An increase temporally from the first trimester to the postpartum period was observed in diabetic women (P=0.0294) but not in healthy (P=0.2449) women. CONCLUSIONS: According to our study macular capillary blood flow velocity is higher in diabetic than in healthy women during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Further, capillary blood flow velocity seems to depend on the grade of retinopathy in pregnant diabetic women. These data support the concept that capillary hyperperfusion may play a role in the development of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.
The effect of vascular complications of diabetes mellitus on human umbilical cord tissue and the number of Wharton Jelly's mesenchymal stem cells.; The current study investigated the change in umbilical cord tissue and the number of markers of Wharton's jelly mesenchymal stem cells (WJ-MSC) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM), with chronic diabetes who developed nephropathy as vascular complication (VC-PGDM), and healthy pregnant women as the control. The umbilical cords (UC) were investigated by the histomorphological method and the number of WJ-MSC were detected by flow-cytometry using the CD90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 markers in Wharton's jelly (WJ) isolated from fresh umbilical cords. The number of positive cells for CD 90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 were found to be elevated in the GDM group, whereas it was significantly diminished in the VC-PGDM group (p = 0.001, p = 0.001, p = 0.001, and p = 0.001). The only histopathological sign in the GDM group were an increased number of pores in the Wharton jelly. Artery wall thickness/cord diamater ratio was increased, which indicates an increase of the artery wall thickness in the VC- PGDM group (p = 0.039 and p = 0.048). The increase in umbilical cord diameter and number of Wharton jelly mesenchymal stem cells in babies of gestational diabetic mothers was considered as an effect of macrosomia seen in babies of mothers with gestational diabetes. Vasculopathy, a long-term complication of diabetes, is known to affect all tissues by causing marked lower perfusion and hypoxia, as well as a decrease in the MSC number in our study.
Macrosomic newborns of diabetic mothers are associated with increased aortic intima-media thickness and lipid concentrations.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Exposure to diabetes in utero has been established as a significant risk factor for some of components of metabolic syndrome. A few studies have examined relationship between the metabolic syndrome and echocardiographic left ventricular (LV) mass. We aimed to investigate relationship between abdominal aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), LV mass and lipid profile in macrosomic newborns. METHODS: Abdominal aIMT was measured in 30 macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers (group A), 30 macrosomic neonates of healthy mothers (group B) and 30 healthy neonates (group C). Lipid profile and LV mass were determined. RESULT: Mean aIMT was significantly higher in groups A and B (0.489 +/- 0.015, 0.466 +/- 0.019 mm, respectively) than in controls (0.375 +/- 0.024 mm). Weight-adjusted aIMT in group A was significantly higher than in groups B and C. Macrosomia was associated with increased lipid concentrations. Both LV mass indexed for BSA (body surface area) and birth weight measurements were significantly increased in group A compared with control. CONCLUSIONS: Macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers have significant aIMT and LV mass indexed for BSA and birth weight with lipid alterations. It might play a role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis in adult life.
Influence of maternal overweight, obesity and gestational weight gain on the perinatal outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; To assess the associations between maternal body mass index (BMI) as well as gestational weight gain (GWG) and pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This is a retrospective analysis involving 832 nulliparous women complicated with GDM. Multivariate logistic and restricted cubic logistic regression were used to investigate the association of interest. Overall, 178 (21.4%) women were overweight or obese, and 298 (35.2%) exhibited excessive GWG. Compared with women of normal weight, high pre-pregnancy BMI resulted in a higher risk of cesarean section with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.95 (95% confidence interval being 1.29-2.96) for overweight group and 3.26 (1.57-6.76) for obese group. Similarly, the respective aORs were 4.10 (1.56-10.81) and 9.78 (2.91-32.85) for gestational hypertension, 2.02 (1.05-3.88) and 8.04 (3.46-18.66) for macrosomia, 2.14 (1.40-3.26) and 3.34 (1.69-6.60) for large for gestational age (LGA). Compared with adequate GWG, excessive GWG increased the incidence of cesarean section (1.60, 1.15-2.23) and macrosomia (1.94, 1.11-3.38), while inadequate GWG reduced the incidence of LGA (0.29, 0.17-0.51). High pre-pregnancy BMI and excessive GWG were associated with higher incidence of LGA, as well as other adverse outcomes in women with GDM. Narrower guidelines on GWG might offer extra safety benefit in gestational diabetic population.
Pregnancy and diabetes. Team approach.; Each year, 10,000 babies are born to diabetic women. Gestational diabetes occurs in 2% of all pregnant women, resulting in 60,000 to 90,000 cases of gestational diabetes yearly. Prior to 1922 and the discovery of insulin, fetal mortality for the pregnant diabetic was almost 100%. Today, total fetal mortality for the pregnant and gestational diabetic is approaching that of the nondiabetic. This has been achieved by extremely tight control of blood glucose levels throughout pregnancy, with blood glucose levels averaging under 100 mg/dL/day and glycosylated hemoglobin levels in the normal range throughout pregnancy. An increased number of malformations in fetuses of pregnant diabetic women is still a problem. However, animal and human studies indicate that a normal level of glycosylated hemoglobin at conception may significantly reduce these malformations.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and arginine metabolites in women with and without a history of gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Dysregulation of arginine metabolism, as evidenced by increased circulating levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), has been proposed as an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Since the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a patient population at increased future risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, we sought to characterize arginine metabolism in women with and without a history of recent GDM. METHODS: In this prospective observational cohort study, 225 women (72 who had GDM; 153 who did not) underwent cardiometabolic characterization, including oral glucose tolerance test, at 1- and 3-years postpartum. Circulating ADMA and its stereoisomer symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA) were measured by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry at both visits. RESULTS: Serum ADMA and SDMA were not significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups at either 1-year or 3-years postpartum. On multiple linear regression analyses, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (t=-2.62, p=0.009) and creatinine (t=-2.62, p=0.01) were independently associated with ADMA at 3-years, while creatinine (t=7.09, p<0.0001) and BMI (t=-2.24, p=0.026) predicted SDMA. CONCLUSION: Women with recent GDM do not exhibit altered serum concentrations of ADMA or SDMA at 1- and 3-years postpartum, suggesting that ADMA dysregulation is not a feature of their cardiometabolic profile in the early years after delivery.
Gestational Diabetes Impairs Human Fetal Postprandial Brain Activity.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes (GDM) influences the fetal phenotype. OBJECTIVE: In the present study, our aim was to determine the effect of GDM specifically on fetal brain activity. DESIGN: Pregnant participants underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, 75 g). At 0, 60, and 120 minutes, maternal metabolism was determined, and fetal auditory evoked fields were recorded with a fetal magnetoencephalographic device. SETTING: All measurements were performed at the fMEG Center in Tübingen. PARTICIPANTS: Twelve women with GDM and 28 normal glucose-tolerant (NGT) pregnant women participated on a voluntary basis. INTERVENTIONS: OGTT (75 g, 120 minutes) was used in this study. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Fetal auditory evoked response latencies were determined for this study. RESULTS: In the fetuses of NGT women, latencies decreased between 0 and 60 minutes from 260 ± 90 to 206 ± 74 ms (P = .008) and remained stable until 120 minutes (206 ± 74 vs 230 ± 79, P =.129). In fetuses of women with GDM, there was no change in response latencies during OGTT (P = .11). Sixty minutes after glucose ingestion, fetal latencies in the GDM group were longer than in the NGT group (296 ± 82 vs 206 ± 74 ms, P = .001). Linear regression revealed a significant effect of maternal glucose, insulin levels, and insulin sensitivity on response latencies after 60 minutes. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal postprandial brain responses were slower in the offspring of women with GDM. This might indicate that gestational diabetes directly affects fetal brain development and may lead to central nervous insulin resistance in the fetus.
Maternal Dyslipidaemia in Pregnancy with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Possible Impact on Foetoplacental Vascular Function and Lipoproteins in the Neonatal Circulation.; Dyslipidaemia occurs in pregnancy to secure foetal development. The mother shows a physiological increase in plasma total cholesterol and Triglycerides (TG) as pregnancy progresses (i.e. maternal physiological dyslipidaemia in pregnancy). However, in some women pregnancy-associated dyslipidaemia exceeds this physiological adaptation. The consequences of this condition on the developing fetus include endothelial dysfunction of the foetoplacental vasculature and development of foetal aortic atherosclerosis. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) associates with abnormal function of the foetoplacental vasculature due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia, and associates with development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Supraphysiological dyslipidaemia is also detected in GDM pregnancies. Although there are several studies showing the alteration in the maternal and neonatal lipid profile in GDM pregnancies, there are no studies addressing the effect of dyslipidaemia in the maternal and foetal vasculature. The literature reviewed suggests that dyslipidaemia in GDM pregnancy should be an additional factor contributing to worsen GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction by altering signalling pathways involving nitric oxide bioavailability and neonatal lipoproteins.
The current role of daily serum estriol monitoring in the insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic woman.; This retrospective analysis of the use of serum estriol levels for antenatal assessment was performed in an effort to determine if routine, late third-trimester, daily serum estriol monitoring of insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic women can still be justified. Estriol profiles of 170 diabetic pregnancies, managed under a consistent protocol of weekly contraction stress tests and daily serum estriol assessments, were reviewed. A total of 4612 estriol determinations were performed. Nearly 4% of the estriol determinations showed a 35% fall from the mean of the previous three highest consecutive values. Forty-seven percent of the patients had at least one fall of this magnitude. Eighty-five percent of the fetal heart rate tests performed in association with an estriol fall were normal. A fall in estriol was not found to be associated with a higher risk of having a positive contraction stress test, either at the time the estriol fall was recognized or at any time during the patient's antepartum course. Although use of this strict protocol combining the use of weekly contraction stress tests and daily serum estriol determinations provided a safe method of antepartum assessment, there is little evidence to support the routine use of daily serum estriol monitoring in insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic women.
The impact of recurrent gestational diabetes on maternal metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors.; OBJECTIVE: The development of overt diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (priorGDM) has been linked to several risk factors including age, obesity and insulin therapy during pregnancy; the role of recurrent GDM as a further risk factor remains unclear. As studies examining detailed metabolic consequences of recurrent GDM are missing and the role of recurrent GDM on cardiovascular risk is unknown, our aim was to investigate the impact of recurrent GDM (within 5 years after an index pregnancy) on metabolic and cardiovascular parameters. METHODS: Oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests as well as assessment of cardiovascular risk factors were performed at baseline (6 months after index pregnancy) and 5 years thereafter in 21 prior GDM with recurrent GDM (recGDM), 41 prior GDM with no additional pregnancy (nonrecGDM) and 10 healthy controls [CON]. RESULTS: Despite weight gain in recGDM (2·3 ± 5·1 vs. -1·3 ± 6·7 kg, P < 0·04), glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and secretion did not differ compared with nonrecGDM at baseline and follow-up. Furthermore, recGDM did not exhibit increased cardiovascular risk factors. Metabolic deterioration in (19% of) the total priorGDM group was associated with decreased insulin sensitivity (OGIS:367·4 ± 89·6 vs. 436·4 ± 75·5 mL/min*m², P = 0·01), hyperinsulinaemia (TIS:37·9 ± 9·7 vs. 28·0 ± 10·2 nM, P < 0·006) and postchallenge hyperglycaemia at 5 years postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Recurrence of gestational diabetes was not associated with deterioration of glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity and secretion nor with increased cardiovascular risk. Consequently, priorGDM should not be recommended to refrain from subsequent pregnancies, but be encouraged to regain and maintain normal body weight after delivery and regularly undergo OGTTs to early detect metabolic deterioration.
Decreased paraoxonase and arylesterase activities in the pathogenesis of future atherosclerotic heart disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate serum paraoxonase, arlyesterase activities, and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Paraoxonase and arylesterase activities, and LOOH levels were assessed for GDM cases (n = 55) and controls (n = 59). Serum basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. RESULTS: Basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were significantly lower (p = 0.002, p = 0.004; and p = 0.013, respectively) in patients with GDM compared to controls, while LOOH levels were significantly higher (p < 0.001). Among gestational diabetes patients, serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were inversely correlated with LOOH levels (r = - 0.390, p = 0.003; and r = - 0.287, p = 0.034, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Findings of the present study have shown that serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities are significantly reduced in women with GDM. Decreased serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities might play a role in the potential early pathogenesis for atherosclerotic heart disease in GDM beyond their antioxidant properties.
Author response: cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis.; This commentary is an author response to Lu and Wang, regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding duplication of studies in the meta-analysis and the quality of included studies.
Influence of maternal overnutrition and gestational diabetes on the programming of metabolic health outcomes in the offspring: experimental evidence.; The incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus have risen across the world during the past few decades and has also reached an alarming level among children. In addition, women are currently more likely than ever to enter pregnancy obese. As a result, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus is also on the rise. While diet and lifestyle contribute to these trends, population health data show that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy during critical stages of development are major factors that contribute to the development of chronic disease in adolescent and adult offspring. Fetal programming of metabolic function, through physiological and (or) epigenetic mechanisms, may also have an intergenerational effect, and as a result may perpetuate metabolic disorders in the next generation. In this review, we summarize the existing literature that characterizes how maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus contribute to metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in the offspring. In particular, we focus on animal studies that investigate the molecular mechanisms that are programmed by the gestational environment and lead to disease phenotypes in the offspring. We also review interventional studies that prevent disease with a developmental origin in the offspring.
Dynamic left ventricular changes in patients with gestational diabetes: A speckle tracking echocardiography study.; PURPOSE: The left ventricle (LV) undergoes physiologic remodeling in adaptation to the hemodynamic changes that occur in pregnancy. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a novel and reliable tool to evaluate subtle myocardial alterations that have been utilized to assess myocardial changes in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) but not in patients with gestational DM (GDM). We seek to evaluate changes in LV function using STE in patients with GDM compared with women with normal pregnancy. METHODS: This was a single-center retrospective cohort study. A total of 312 pregnant patients that underwent transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) between 2009 and 2014 were screened. After excluding patients with comorbidities or insufficient data, 90 women were included. TTE from the second and third trimester for each patient were then reviewed, and STE analysis was performed. RESULTS: Of the 90 subjects, 72 had normal pregnancies and 18 developed GDM. There was no difference in LV end-diastolic diameter (4.73 ± 0.40 versus 4.60 ± 0.56, p = 0.25), LV end-systolic diameter (3.12 ± 0.35 versus 2.91 ± 0.61, p = 0.152), or ejection fraction (62.26 ± 4.12 versus 63.50 ± 5.24, p = 0.314) between the two groups. Global longitudinal strain was lower (-19.8 ± 3.34 versus -17.2 ± 2.18, p < 0.001) in patients with GDM, while time-to-peak strain was greater (0.43 ± 0.05 versus 0.50 ± 0.06, p < 0.001). Circumferential and radial strains were preserved in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Although conventional TTE variables show preserved LV size and function, LV longitudinal strain suggests subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with GDM. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Clin Ultrasound 45:20-27, 2017.
Endoplasmic reticulum stress in maternal diabetes-induced cardiac malformations during critical cardiogenesis period.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac abnormalities, including atrioventricular (AV) septal defects (AVSDs), are the most common birth defects in diabetic embryopathy. The AV septum is derived from the endocardial cushions, which undergo development and remodeling during septation. The impact of maternal diabetes on these processes needs to be identified. Maternal diabetes disturbs the function of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). The role of ER stress in cardiac malformation remains to be delineated to gain information for developing therapy. METHODS: Female mice were induced diabetic via intravenous injection of streptozotocin. Pregnant mice were made hyperglycemic at desired embryonic (E) days. AVSDs were examined histologically at E15.5. ER stress-associated factors were examined and quantified using immunohistochemical and immunoblot assays at E10.5. The role of ER stress in endocardial cell migration was investigated by treating endocardial cushion explants that were cultured in high glucose with an organic chaperone molecule, sodium 4-phenylbutyrate. RESULTS: The rate of AVSDs in the embryos that were exposed to maternal hyperglycemia during the period of endocardial cushion development was significantly higher than that in those during endocardial cushion remodeling. ER stress was increased in the hearts. Amelioration of ER stress restored endocardial cell migration under hyperglycemic conditions. CONCLUSIONS: The development, rather than remodeling, of the endocardial cushions is the cardiomorphogenic process that is susceptible to the insult of maternal hyperglycemia in the formation of AVSDs. Maternal diabetes increases ER stress in the developing heart. ER stress plays an essential role in mediating the effect of hyperglycemia on endocardial cell migration.
A comparison in women with newly diagnosed diabetes between those with and without a history of gestational diabetes: a new perspective.; AIMS: Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) entails increased risk of future diabetes. We describe the characteristics of women with previous GDM and compare with no previous GDM from the cohort Diabetes in Kalmar and Kronoberg (DKK) of 1248 adults, 40% women, with new diabetes, and factors affecting age and C-peptide levels at diagnosis of diabetes. METHODS: Age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, BMI, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, smoking, physical activity, and pre-existing myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial insufficiency were registered at ordinary care visits close to diagnosis of diabetes, for the 43 women (9.4% of 456 from DKK with complete data for this analysis) with self-reported previous GDM (yes/no) and 86 controls without it, matched for date of diagnosis of diabetes. Blood samples were centrally analyzed for GADA and C-peptide for classification of diabetes. RESULTS: Women with previous GDM had lower mean age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, 53.4 vs 65.0 years, lower systolic blood pressure (SBP), 131.2 vs 137.5 mmHg, and fewer had pre-existing hypertension than without previous GDM (p < 0.001-0.05). Among antibody negative women with previous GDM, BMI (p = 0.024), hypertension (p = 0.023) and hyperlipidemia (p < 0.001) were associated with higher levels of C-peptide, while physical activity was inversely associated (p = 0.035), and SBP (p = 0.02) and hypertension (p = 0.016) were associated with age-at-diagnosis of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous GDM were a decade younger and had lower prevalence of hypertension at diagnosis of diabetes; C-peptide levels were associated with BMI, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia and showed a tendency to be lower, possibly indicating a phenotype with higher risk of overt cardiovascular disease later in life.
Myocardial hypertrophy and dysfunction in maternal diabetes.; Diabetes in pregnancy, both pre-gestational and gestational, is a frequent cause of fetal myocardial hypertrophy, partly due to fetal hyperinsulinism. In fetal life, cardiac function may be impaired, especially during diastole, as a result of decreased left ventricular distensibility and altered left atrial dynamics secondary to myocardial hypertrophy. In neonates, the hypertrophy is a transient disorder, with spontaneous regression of the increased myocardial thickness during the first months of life. Nevertheless, cardiac hypertrophy may be associated with neonatal cardiomegaly and respiratory distress secondary to poor left ventricular compliance. The development of a number of new echocardiographic parameters discussed in this article, and primarily based on the pathophysiological consequences of myocardial hypertrophy, highlight an area of research priority: the assessment of diastolic function in fetuses of diabetic mothers with (and without) myocardial hypertrophy. A score for grading the severity of fetal diastolic dysfunction in these fetuses is proposed.
Maternal diabetic control and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers.; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy has been well documented in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). If this asymmetric septal enlargement is an anabolic result of fetal hyperinsulinemia triggered by maternal hyperglycemia during the third trimester, maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1) levels, an indicator of glycemic control, should then correlate positively at delivery with newborn ventricular septal thickness. In this study of 20 infants of well-controlled diabetic mothers, no relationship was observed between echocardiographic evidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and maternal HbA1 levels. Seven babies (35%) exhibited exaggerated septal thickening, but none had cardiac-specific symptoms. Although 60 percent of the IDMs were large for gestational age and 45 percent demonstrated neonatal hypoglycemia, neither of these complications correlated with maternal HbA1. In this group of babies of well-controlled diabetic women, echocardiographic indicators of cardiomyopathy were common, but clinical evidence of cardiac embarrassment was not observed. Moreover, these data do not support third trimester maternal hyperglycemia as instrumental in the etiology of cardiomyopathy and other complications of IDMs.
Growth of the rat foetal liver in gestational diabetes.; 1. Through a combination of streptozotocin and insulin injections an animal model of gestational diabetes has been established, whereby blood glucose concentrations are elevated over the second-half of pregnancy. 2. Between 18 and 21 days of gestation the diabetic mothers carried smaller foetuses, which in turn possessed growth retarded livers. 3. This suppression of hepatic growth in diabetic foetuses was evident in terms of consistently decreased (7-27%) liver weights and protein and nucleic acid contents. 4. No differences were found between the rates of hepatic protein synthesis (measured in vivo) in control and diabetic foetuses. 5. Hence, the growth retardation of the foetal liver, arising from maternal hyperglycaemia, must necessarily involve an increase in protein degradation.
Relationship between viral load and pregnancy outcomes among hepatitis B carriers.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant hepatitis B carriers may have a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Current evidences are conflicting regarding the relationship between hepatitis B virus (HBV) and various pregnancy complications, owing to the inclusion of women with different viral activity. This study is to evaluate the relationship between hepatitis B e antigen (HBeAg) status/HBV DNA level and pregnancy outcomes among pregnant hepatitis B carriers in Hong Kong. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective analysis of a prospective multicenter observational study carried out in Hong Kong between 2014 and 2016. Pregnant HBV carriers were recruited. HBeAg was tested. HBV DNA level was quantified at 28-30 weeks of gestation. The rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (PPROM), preterm birth, low birth weight (LBW), macrosomia and mode of delivery were recorded. RESULTS: 679 pregnancies were analyzed. 23.3% of women were seropositive for HBeAg. The mean viral load (SD) at 28-30 weeks of gestation was 3.6 (2.5) log(10)IU/ml. No statistically significant differences were found in the rates of GDM, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, PPROM, preterm birth, LBW, macrosomia and mode of delivery among women with different viral load levels (≤2 log(10)IU/ml, 2.01-6 log(10)IU/ml and >6 log(10)IU/ml). Positive maternal HBeAg status was not associated with pregnancy complications compared to seronegative women. CONCLUSION: Seropositive HBeAg status or a higher level of HBV DNA during pregnancy did not pose a significant negative impact to the pregnancy outcomes.
Management and outcome of pregnancy in diabetes mellitus, classes B to R.; During the period 1971 to 1975, 260 women with diabetes mellitus, Classes B through R, were delivered of their infants at Los Angeles County Women's Hospital. The plan of patient management included frequent clinic visits and hospitalization to assure good control. A program of intensive antepartum fetal surveillance was begun at 34 weeks' gestation, with the use of daily 24 hour urinary estriol determinations and a weekly contraction stress test (CST). A lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio was evaluated for all patients before elective delivery. The perinatal mortality rate in these diabetic pregnant women was 46 per 1,000 as compared to 24 per 1,000 in the general population. Only three stillbirths occurred in the diabetic group, none within one week of a negative CST. Congenital malformations were responsible for almost half of the neonatal deaths. There were no deaths due to iatrogenic prematurity or trauma. Mean gestational age at delivery was 37.9 weeks and vaginal delivery was the mode for approximately half of the women. Two thirds of the infants did experience some morbidity.
Enhanced GABA action on the substantia gelatinosa neurons of the medullary dorsal horn in the offspring of streptozotocin-injected mice.; Peripheral neuropathy is a frequent complication of diabetes mellitus and a common symptom of neuropathic pain, the mechanism of which is complex and involves both peripheral and central components of the sensory system. The lamina II of the medullary dorsal horn, called the substantia gelatinosa (SG), is well known to be a critical site for processing of orofacial nociceptive information. Although there have been a number of studies done on diabetic neuropathy related to the orofacial region, the action of neurotransmitter receptors on SG neurons in the diabetic state is not yet fully understood. Therefore, we used the whole-cell patch clamp technique to investigate this alteration on SG neurons in both streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic mice and offspring from diabetic female mice. STZ (200 mg/kg)-injected mice showed a small decrease in body weight and a significant increase in blood glucose level when compared with their respective control group. However, application of different concentrations of glycine, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and glutamate on SG neurons from STZ-injected mice did not induce any significant differences in inward currents when compared to their control counterparts. On the other hand, the offspring of diabetic female mice (induced by multiple injections of STZ (40 mg/kg) for 5 consecutive days) led to a significant decrease in both body weight and blood glucose level compared to the control offspring. Glycine and glutamate responses in the SG neurons of the offspring from diabetic female mice were similar to those of control offspring. However, the GABA response in SG neurons of offspring from diabetic female mice was greater than that of control offspring. Furthermore, the GABA-mediated responses in offspring from diabetic and control mice were examined at different concentrations ranging from 3 to 1,000 μM. At each concentration, the GABA-induced mean inward currents in the SG neurons of offspring from diabetic female mice were larger than those of control mice. These results demonstrate that SG neurons in offspring from diabetic mice are more sensitive to GABA compared to control mice, suggesting that GABA sensitivity may alter orofacial pain processing in offspring from diabetic female mice.
Gestational diabetes, maternal obesity, and the NCD burden.; A greater proportion of women of reproductive age are now overweight or obese. Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity are associated with long-term adverse consequences in the offspring and subsequent generations, and are important drivers of the escalating global burden of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We review the evidence linking gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with a greater risk of metabolic compromise in the offspring. We use an evolutionary perspective to elucidate the origins of gestational diabetes. Focusing efforts on maternal health is an important approach to combating the growing burden of diabetes and other noncommunicable diseases.
Maternal cardiac function at 19-23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To examine differences in maternal cardiovascular indices at 19-23 weeks' gestation between pregnancies that develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those without GDM, and to determine whether such cardiovascular changes are the consequence of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history or GDM per se. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and maternal echocardiography for assessment of E/A ratio, E/e' ratio, myocardial performance index, global longitudinal systolic strain, left ventricular ejection fraction, peripheral vascular resistance, left ventricular cardiac output and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area. The measurements of the maternal cardiac indices were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared to those in the non-GDM group. Likelihood ratios were derived for those indices that were altered significantly in GDM, and these were used to modify the prior risk derived from maternal demographic characteristics and medical history. The area under the receiver-operating-characteristics curve and the detection rate of GDM, at 10%, 20% and 40% false-positive rates, in screening by a combination of maternal factors with cardiovascular indices were determined. RESULTS: The study population of 2853 pregnancies contained 199 (7.0%) that developed GDM. In pregnancies that developed GDM, there were significant differences from the non-GDM group in E/A ratio, E/e' ratio, myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. After adjustment for maternal demographic characteristics and factors from the medical history known to affect cardiac indices, the only cardiovascular indices that were significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups were peripheral vascular resistance and myocardial performance index, both of which were marginally increased in the GDM group. The performance of screening for GDM by maternal demographic characteristics and medical history was not improved by the addition of cardiovascular indices. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have subtle functional and hemodynamic cardiac changes prior to the development of GDM. These cardiac changes are mostly related to the adverse risk-factor profile of these women. Maternal cardiac assessment at 20 weeks does not offer additional predictive information for GDM development in pregnancy to that calculated based on demographic characteristics and medical history. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Risk factors of cerebral ischemia in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance that occurs during pregnancy. The present study was arranged to determine the risk of cerebral ischemia (CI) in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus and MTHFR gene polymorphism. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study includes 70 pregnant women with GDM, divided into two groups depending on existence of cerebral ischemia (CI) in newborn infants. All patients were tested for coagulation cascade components, polymorphisms of the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene and assessed by thromboelastography (TEG). RESULTS: We observed that there was an increased frequency (74.2%) of 1298С MTHFR genotype carriers among women with CI newborns. The state of hypercoagulation according to both coagulation cascade tests and TEG data was diagnosed in women of this group. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that hyperglycemia may program the development of cerebral ischemia in infants born to women with 1298С MTHFR gene polymorphism.
Microvascular function in women with former gestational diabetes: A cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: In the long term, diabetes mellitus is potentially associated with the occurrence of microvascular damage. This study sought to assess whether a history of prior gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with long-term effects on the women's microcirculation. METHODS: Within the scope of a long-term follow-up of the 'Viennese Post-Gestational Diabetes Project', women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus as well as women with previous pregnancy but with no history of gestational diabetes mellitus (controls) were enrolled in this cross-sectional study. Microvascular function was assessed by post-occlusive reactive hyperaemia using laser Doppler fluxmetry. Baseline perfusion, biological zero, peak perfusion, time to peak and recovery time were recorded and compared between both groups. RESULTS: Microvascular function was assessed in 55 women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (46.1 ± 4.6 years) and 32 women with previous pregnancy but without prior gestational diabetes mellitus (42.9 ± 5.3 years). The mean period of time between delivery and the assessment of microvascular function was 16.2 ± 5.2 years in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus group and 14.2 ± 4.8 years in controls. Regarding microvascular function, baseline perfusion, biological zero, peak perfusion, time to peak and recovery time did not differ between women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus and controls (all p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: In the long term, microvascular function appears not to be impaired in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.
Pregnancy as an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus: FIGO Best Practice Advice.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts approximately 17 million pregnancies worldwide. Women with a history of GDM have an 8-10-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and a 2-fold higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared with women without prior GDM. Although it is possible to prevent and/or delay progression of GDM to type 2 diabetes, this is not widely undertaken. Considering the increasing global rates of type 2 diabetes and CVD in women, it is essential to utilize pregnancy as an opportunity to identify women at risk and initiate preventive intervention. This article reviews existing clinical guidelines for postpartum identification and management of women with previous GDM and identifies key recommendations for the prevention and/or delayed progression to type 2 diabetes for global clinical practice.
Is there a correlation between aortic Doppler velocimetric findings in diabetic pregnant women and fetal outcome?; At present, the role of Doppler velocimetry in monitoring fetal well-being in diabetic pregnancies is controversial. The present study was conducted to determine if fetal aortic velocity waveforms were correlated with fetal outcome in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. Fetal aortic blood flow was prospectively assessed in 30 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Systolic-diastolic ratios were obtained at 2 week intervals between 18 and 38 weeks of gestation. They were analyzed according to several fetal outcome variables. Infants with presumed fetal distress during labor and neonates with respiratory abnormalities (respiratory distress syndrome, persistent fetal circulation, or transient tachypnea of the newborn) showed statistically significant elevations of aortic Doppler indices (P < 0.031 and < 0.011, respectively). However, these correlations lacked clinical relevance. The infants demonstrated no evidence of fetal distress at birth since Apgar scores were > 7 at 5 min in all but one neonate. No relationship was found between the mean third trimester fetal aortic systolic-diastolic ratios and perinatal death, preterm deliveries, birth weight, Apgar scores at 1 and 5 min, and neonatal metabolic abnormalities. These data demonstrate a poor correlation between fetal aortic Doppler waveform analysis and fetal outcome. Therefore, fetal aortic Doppler velocimetry cannot be used as a means of assessing impending fetal compromise in offspring of diabetic mothers.
Pulmonary embolism during delivery--treatment and outcome.; Pulmonary embolism during delivery is not a frequent occurrence. It is often impossible to ascertain whether it is a case of embolism by amniotic fluid or thromboembolism. Diagnostics of pulmonary embolism in labor is based solely on clinical symptoms. Immediate interdisciplinary treatment with cardiopulmonary resuscitation, hemodynamic stabilization, and correction of haemostasis disorders play a decisive role in prognosis. This paper presents diagnostics, treatment, and consequences of pulmonary embolism in expulsion phase during delivery in epidural anesthesia of a multiparous patient aged 37.
Acute atherosis in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, small-for-gestational-age infants, and diabetes mellitus.; A clinicohistologic study of acute atherosis in late complicated pregnancy was undertaken. Maternal vessels in the placental basal plate, underlying the amniochorial membranes and in placental bed biopsy specimens, were examined histologically. The earliest histologically convincing lesion acceptable as acute atherosis was fibrinoid necrosis with a perivascular mononuclear cell infiltrate, while lipophages were a late phenomenon. Any maternal uterine vessel that had not undergone physiologic vascular changes could be affected by acute atherosis. Acute atherosis was not seen in normal pregnancies or in pregnancies of diabetic women but was seen in pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, small-for-gestational-age infants, or both. In pregnancies complicated by small-for-gestational-age infants, acute atherosis was not seen in the vessels in the decidua parietalis.
Disorders in glucidic metabolism and congenital heart diseases: detection and prevention.; The identification of gestational diabetes (GDM) through appropriate screening and its subsequent treatment have not been demonstrated to limit neonatal malformations to date. This study aimed to detect congenital heart diseases in newborns of mothers with GDM by evaluating the existence of a correlation with maternal glycemic control. This observational prospective study investigated newborns of mothers with GDM enrolled during a period of 9 months. Four subgroups were considered according to the type of maternal glucidic alteration during pregnancy and the home treatment: impaired glucose tolerance, insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and gestational diabetes not controlled (NC: untreated diabetes). Student's t test was used to compare the subgroups. The study enrolled 65 newborns (30 boys) born to 82 of mothers with impaired glucidic metabolism. Patent ductus arteriosus was observed in 11 patients (16.9 %), pulmonary stenosis of mild grade in 4 patients ( 6.2 %), and hypertrophy of the ventricular septum in 22 patients (33.8 %). A total of 14 patients had increased thickness in the left ventricle posterior wall, and 17 patients had an abnormal electrocardiogram. Hyperglycemia can influence the development of the fetal heart, affecting both its structure and its function. A treatment with insulin for women with GDM is supported by the study data.
Decreased fetal cardiac performance in the first trimester correlates with hyperglycemia in pregestational maternal diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: In-vitro animal studies suggest that high glucose levels impair fetal cardiac function early in gestation. We aimed to study whether evidence of first-trimester myocardial dysfunction can be detected in fetuses of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Women with diabetes mellitus underwent fetal echocardiography at 11-14 weeks' gestational age. In fetuses with normal anatomy, the cardiac preload, diastolic function, global myocardial performance and placental afterload were studied by Doppler of the ductus venosus (DV), mitral and tricuspid early/atrial (E/A) ratios, left and right ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) and umbilical artery (UA) Doppler, respectively. Cases were matched for gestational age and UA and DV Doppler with controls that had no diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Sixty-three singleton diabetic pregnancies were matched with 63 controls. Mean gestational age at enrollment was 12.6 (range, 11.1-13.6) weeks. Diabetic mothers had moderate to poor glycemic control (median (range) glycosylated hemoglobin A1 (HbA1c), 7.5 (5.1-12.7)%, and the HbA1c level was ≥ 7% in 37 (59%)). Fetuses of diabetic mothers exhibited worse measures of diastolic dysfunction: the isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT) was significantly prolonged (left ventricle: 36.9 ± 7.4 ms vs. 45.8 ± 6.8 ms; right ventricle: 35.6 ± 8 ms vs. 46.4 ± 7.3 ms, P < 0.0001 for both). The mitral E/A ratio was lower in diabetics (0.55 ± 0.06 vs. 0.51 ± 0.08, P = 0.03), and the global myocardial performance was lower in both ventricles (left ventricle MPI: 0.5 ± 0.08; right ventricle MPI: 0.52 ± 0.08, P = 0.03 and P < 0.0001, respectively). This lower global myocardial performance was caused by a prolonged myocardial relaxation time, which was most marked in diabetics with an HbA1c of ≥ 7% (P < 0.001 vs. controls for both ventricles). There were no significant correlations between cardiac Doppler parameters and DV, UA indices and fetal heart rate (P > 0.05 for all). CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of poorly controlled diabetic mothers demonstrate significant differences in first-trimester diastolic myocardial function compared with non-diabetic controls. The decrease in myocardial performance is more marked with increasing HbA1c and appears to be independent of preload and afterload. The ability to document these cardiac functional changes this early in pregnancy opens potential new avenues to understand the consequences of maternal glycemic status.
Abnormal glucose tolerance is associated with preterm labor and increased neonatal complications in Taiwanese women.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between abnormal degrees of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results and pregnancy outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 7513 singleton pregnancies screened for gestational diabetes mellitus were enrolled in this retrospective observational study. The pregnancy outcomes of six different groups with different degrees of glucose intolerance using the OGTT were compared [both the National Diabetes Data Group (NDDG) and Carpenter and Coustan (C&C) criteria were used]. The pregnancies were classified into the following groups: the normal group, consisting of pregnancies with a negative 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT), and Grade 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4 groups, consisting of pregnancies with positive 50-g GCT, and abnormal values of 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4 from the 100-g OGTT, respectively. RESULTS: The adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) for preterm labor and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) were shown to be increased in the Grade 4 groups [3.31 (1.47-7.43) and 6.31 (3.14-12.70) by the NDDG criteria; 4.13 (2.30-7.43) and 5.25 (3.00-9.19) by the C&C criteria] compared with the normal group. CONCLUSION: The results indicated an increased risk for preterm labor and admission to the NICU as the abnormal value of the OGTT increased.
Clinical experience with fetal echocardiography.; Current ultrasound technology allows for accurate evaluation of the fetal heart. To evaluate the importance and accuracy of the routine clinical use of fetal echocardiography at our center, a consecutive series of 338 fetal cardiac studies of 323 patients was reviewed. Average gestational age was 24 weeks (range, 17 to 39 weeks). Forty-seven (15%) patients with abnormal conditions were detected. The most common indication for fetal cardiac scan was a family history of congenital heart disease (28%). Other indications were maternal diabetes mellitus (25%), fetal dysrhythmia (14%), other major defect (10%), drug exposure (10%), and obstetrician suspicion of fetal congenital heart disease on routine scan (10%). The highest yield of significant abnormal findings was among those referred for dysrhythmia (31%) and obstetrician suspicion of congenital heart disease (29%). Five fetuses with sustained supraventricular tachycardia and hydrops were successfully treated. The combination of fetal bradycardia and structural heart disease was the most ominous finding. Fifteen (4.6%) patients had clear changes in management based on the fetal echocardiogram. Our experience suggests that the routine use of fetal echocardiography is accurate and an important part of the overall management of the pregnancy considered at risk for producing an infant with congenital heart disease.
Increased Fetal Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Potential Synergy Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Maternal Hypercholesterolemia.; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death worldwide. Evidence suggests that the risk for CVD can increase at the fetal stages due to maternal metabolic diseases, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal supraphysiological hypercholesterolemia (MSPH). GDM is a hyperglycemic, inflammatory, and insulin-resistant state that increases plasma levels of free fatty acids and triglycerides, impairs endothelial vascular tone regulation, and due to the increased nutrient transport, exposes the fetus to the altered metabolic conditions of the mother. MSPH involves increased levels of cholesterol (mainly as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) which also causes endothelial dysfunction and alters nutrient transport to the fetus. Despite that an association has already been established between MSPH and increased CVD risk, however, little is known about the cellular processes underlying this relationship. Our knowledge is further obscured when the simultaneous presentation of MSPH and GDM takes place. In this context, GDM and MSPH may substantially increase fetal CVD risk due to synergistic impairment of placental nutrient transport and endothelial dysfunction. More studies on the separate and/or cumulative role of both processes are warranted to suggest specific treatment options.
Gestational Diabetes: Importance of Follow-up Screening for the Benefit of Long-term Health.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common obstetric metabolic disorder. Long-term health consequences, including type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease, are common with GDM. Postpartum glucose screening is recommended for women with a prior GDM pregnancy. Rates of postpartum screening compliance remain low. Interventions ranging from appointment reminder systems to personalized chronic disease education are being used, emphasizing future chronic disease risk for patients with a history of GDM. With these practice changes, clinicians can more thoroughly engage in the early identification, intervention, and prevention of chronic disease for women with a history of GDM.
[Increased risk of type II diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review].; OBJECTIVE: To determine the long-term risk of developing type II diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) for women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. METHOD: Two search strategies were used in PubMed and Embase to determine the long-term risks of developing T2D and CVD after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. After critical appraisal of the papers found, 11 papers were included, involving a total of 328,423 patients. Absolute and relative risks (RRs) were calculated. RESULTS: Eight studies (n=276,829) reported on the long-term risk of T2D and 4 (n=141,048) on the long-term risk of CVD. Follow-up ranged from 3.5 to 11.5 years for T2D and from 1.2 to 74.0 years for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes had a risk of T2D varying between 9.5% and 37.0% and a risk of CVD of between 0.28% and 15.5%. Women with gestational diabetes were at increased risk of T2D (weighted RR: 13.2; 95% CI: 8.5-20.7) and CVD (weighted RR: 2.0; 95% CI: 1.1-3.7) compared to women without gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of developing T2D and CVD. It is very important that gestational diabetes is recognised as a cardiovascular risk factor in daily practice. It would be desirable to screen this group of women for the presence of hyperglycaemia and other cardiovascular risk factors. Further research is required to be able to specify the long-term risk of T2D and CVD and to demonstrate whether such screening is cost-effective.
Maternal immune system adaptation to pregnancy--a potential influence on the course of diabetic retinopathy.; BACKGROUND: Progression of diabetic retinopathy occurs at least temporarily during pregnancy. Although the cause of this progression is not entirely understood, the immune phenomenon and chronic inflammation may play a significant role. During pregnancy in order to avoid fetus rejection, certain components of the immune system that are knowingly implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy are activated including generalized leukocyte activation and an increase in certain cytokine plasma levels. Activated leukocytes with up regulated adhesion molecules have an increased potential to bind to the endothelium cells of blood vessels. Leukocyte-endothelial interaction and the consequent leukostasis with capillary occlusion, ischemia and vascular leakage have a substantial role in the development of diabetic retinopathy. Furthermore, certain increased cytokines are known to cause blood-retinal-barrier breakdown whilst others promote angiogenic and fibrovascular proliferation and thereby can also be implicated in the pathogenesis of this diabetic complication. PRESENTATION OF THE HYPOTHESIS: We hypothesized that the activation of the immune system during gestation may have an influence on the course of retinopathy in pregnant diabetic women. TESTING THE HYPOTHESIS: We suggest two prospective follow up studies conducted on women with type 1 diabetes mellitus. The first study would include a group of non-pregnant women and a group of diabetic women undergoing normal pregnancy matched for age and duration of diabetes. In the second study pregnant women would be divided into two groups: one with normal pregnancy and the other with preeclampsia. The procedure and data collection in both studies will be identical: a complete ophthalmological examination, glycaemic control, blood pressure measurement and venous blood samples for the determination of plasma levels of cytokines (TNF-alpha, IL-1beta, IL-6, IL-8) and adhesion molecules (ICAM-1, VCAM-1). IMPLICATIONS OF THE HYPOTHESIS: Considering the present assumption, the gestational immune activation could be suggested as a potential risk factor for the development and progression of retinopathy in diabetic women. A better understanding of immunomodulatory effects of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy pave the way for further investigations of the mechanism of its pathogenesis and could be essential for novel approaches to the treatment of this serious sight threatening complication of diabetes mellitus.
Maternal diabetes up-regulates NOX2 and enhances myocardial ischaemia/reperfusion injury in adult offspring.; Offspring of diabetic mothers are at risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms are not clear. We hypothesize that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes up-regulates myocardial NOX2 expression and enhances ischaemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury in the adult offspring. Maternal diabetes was induced in C57BL/6 mice by streptozotocin. Glucose-tolerant adult offspring of diabetic mothers and normal controls were subjected to myocardial I/R injury. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression, ROS generation, myocardial apoptosis and infarct size were assessed. The VEGF-Akt (protein kinase B)-mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)-NOX2 signalling pathway was also studied in cultured cardiomyocytes in response to high glucose level. In the hearts of adult offspring from diabetic mothers, increases were observed in VEGF expression, NOX2 protein levels and both Akt and mTOR phosphorylation levels as compared to the offspring of control mothers. After I/R, ROS generation, myocardial apoptosis and infarct size were all significantly higher in the offspring of diabetic mothers relative to offspring of control mothers, and these differences were diminished by in vivo treatment with the NADPH oxidase inhibitor apocynin. In cultured cardiomyocytes, high glucose increased mTOR phosphorylation, which was inhibited by the PI3 kinase inhibitor LY294002. Notably, high glucose-induced NOX2 protein expression and ROS production were inhibited by rapamycin. In conclusion, maternal diabetes promotes VEGF-Akt-mTOR-NOX2 signalling and enhances myocardial I/R injury in the adult offspring. Increased ROS production from NOX2 is a possible molecular mechanism responsible for developmental origins of cardiovascular disease in offspring of diabetic mothers.
Obesity in pregnancy: pre-conceptional to postpartum consequences.; OBJECTIVE: To review the effects of obesity on reproduction and pregnancy outcome. METHODS: A search of the literature was performed using key word searching and citation snowballing to identify English language articles published between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2006, on the subject of obesity and its effects on pregnancy. Once the articles were identified, a thorough review of all results was conducted. Results and conclusions were compiled and summarized. RESULTS: Obesity during pregnancy was linked with maternal complications ranging from effects on fertility to effects on delivery and in the postpartum period, as well as many complications affecting the fetus and newborn. The maternal complications associated with obesity included increased risks of infertility, hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus, and delivery by Caesarean section. Fetal complications included increased risks of macrosomia, intrauterine fetal death and stillbirth, and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. CONCLUSION: Obesity causes significant complications for the mother and fetus. Interventions directed towards weight loss and prevention of excessive weight gain must begin in the pre-conception period. Obstetrical care providers must counsel their obese patients regarding the risks and complications conferred by obesity and the importance of weight loss. Maternal and fetal surveillance may need to be heightened during pregnancy; a multidisciplinary approach is useful. Women need to be informed about both maternal and fetal complications and about the measures that are necessary to optimize outcome, but the most important measure is to address the issue of weight prior to pregnancy.
Describing hypoglycemia--definition or operational threshold?; Severe glucose deficiency leads to cerebral energy failure, impaired cardiac performance, muscle weakness, glycogen depletion, and diminished glucose production. Thus, maintenance of glucose delivery to all organs is an essential physiological function. Normal term infants have sufficient alternate energy stores and capacity for glucose production from glycogenolysis and gluconeogenesis to ensure normal glucose metabolism during the transition to extrauterine life and early neonatal period. Milk feedings particularly enhance glucose homeostasis. Energy sources often are low in preterm and growth restricted infants, who are especially vulnerable to glucose deficiency. Plasma glucose concentration is the only practical measure of glucose sufficiency, but by itself is a very limited guide. Key to preventing complications from glucose deficiency is to identify infants at risk, promote early and frequent feedings, normalize glucose homeostasis, measure glucose concentrations early and frequently in infants at risk, and treat promptly when glucose deficiency is marked and symptomatic.
Hypertension in gestational diabetes mellitus: pathophysiology and long-term consequences.; Gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus are the most frequent obstetric disorders during pregnancy. The rates of both disorders are expected to increase as a result of delayed pregnancy at a later maternal age, the epidemic of obesity and the increased frequency of using assisted reproductive technology in women with infertility. Pregnancies complicated one or both of these disorders are also associated with adverse consequences for the mother and infant (both acute and long-term). The objectives of this review are to describe the association between gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, and to discuss approaches to management and summarize long-term consequences of gestational hypertension.
The effect of pregnancy on mild diabetic retinopathy.; PURPOSE: To study microaneurysm (MA) formation and disappearance rates during pregnancy and postpartum in diabetic women with mild diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: Red-free photographs were taken at the 12th, 24th and 32nd-36th weeks of pregnancy and 3 and 6 months postpartum from 21 type 1 diabetics with mild diabetic retinopathy. In a subset of 13 patients follow-up was continued until 1 year after pregnancy. Fundus photographs were analysed using a computer-assisted fundus lesion localization system. RESULTS: In the whole material the total MA count was 3.1 +/- 3.6 (mean +/- SD) at the 12th week, 3.4 +/- 3.1 at the 24th week, 4.1 +/- 4.9 at the 32nd-36th week, 5.4 +/- 6.2 at 3 months postpartum and 5.2 +/- 5.8 at 6 months postpartum. We found that MA count increased during pregnancy, but it was highest 3 months postpartum. Both the rate of MA formation and the rate of MA disappearance increased during pregnancy, with the disappearance rate exceeding the formation rate 6 months postpartum. In patients having mean HbA1c levels below the median value of 6.38 mmol/l there was a flare-up of MAs during pregnancy, levelling by 3 months postpartum. Patients with a higher than the median (0.76 mmol/l) decrease in HbA1c level compared to pre-pregnancy HbA1c also developed more MAs during the course of pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that there is continuous turnover of MAs during pregnancy. MA count increases during pregnancy but the MA count was highest 3 months postpartum, after which the formation rate started to decline. Temporary aggravation of mild retinopathy occurs in diabetic patients after normalization of blood glucose levels.
Second Trimester Fetal and Maternal Epicardial Fat Thickness in Gestational Diabetic Pregnancies.; Our aim was to evaluate the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and sonographically measured fetal epicardial fat thickness between 24-28 weeks' gestation. This was a cross-sectional study that included 40 pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, matched with 40 normal pregnancies with similar maternal age, body-mass index, gestational age, fetal gender, and fetal abdominal circumference on ultrasound. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was measured and recorded during ultrasonography at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Maternal evaluation included measurement of maternal epicardial fat thickness, using echocardiography. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were compared across the groups. Ultrasound views of fetal epicardial fat thickness were evaluated independently by 3 perinatology fellows to determine inter- and intra-observer variability. Partial and intraclass correlation analyses were used. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness measurements were moderately correlated (r=0.63). Mean fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were higher in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (p=0.004 and p<0.0001, respectively) compared to controls. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was positively correlated (r=0.43) with postchallenge 2-h glucose values. Inter- and intra-observer agreement was high, demonstrated by strong correlations (r=0.99 and r=0.99, respectively) across fetal epicardial fat thickness measurements of the examiners. Fetuses from gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies have significantly higher fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values compared to nongestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. Fetal epicardial fat thickness obtained during second trimester fetal anatomy ultrasound may potentially be a reliable indicator for gestational diabetes mellitus. However, clinical validation studies are needed.
Toward universal criteria for gestational diabetes: relationships between seventy-five and one hundred gram glucose loads and between capillary and venous glucose concentrations.; OBJECTIVES: Replacement of the two-step, 100 gm, 3-hour National Diabetes Data Group procedure by the one-step, 75 gm, 2-hour World Health Organization oral glucose tolerance test has been hindered by a paucity of data comparing the two tests during pregnancy. The current series compared 100 gm and 75 gm glucose loads and glucose measurements in venous plasma or capillary blood. STUDY DESIGN: After a 75 gm oral glucose tolerance test 30 gestational diabetics and 30 metabolically healthy pregnant women were randomly assigned to a second 75 or 100 gm test within 3+/-1.3 (mean+/-SD) days. Glucose levels at both tests was measured in capillary blood and venous plasma, as were insulin and C peptide. RESULTS: In controls 1-hour maternal glucose levels (112 vs 128 mg/dl) and 2-hour levels (104 vs 113 mg/dl) differed significantly after a 75 or 100 gm load (paired t test). In gestational diabetes mellitus, however, there was no difference (176 vs 178 mg/dl) but a low insulin/glucose quotient at 1 hour. Only 2-hour levels differed significantly (133 vs 149 mg/dl). In controls glucose measurement in capillary blood and venous plasma differed significantly at 1 hour (126 vs 115 mg/dl) and 2 hours (111 vs 104 mg/dl) independently of the glucose load. In gestational diabetes mellitus, however, glucose measurement in capillary blood and venous plasma differed neither in 1-hour levels (179 vs 174 mg/dl) nor in 2-hour levels (142 vs 139 mg/dl). CONCLUSION: In metabolically healthy women both different loading and different blood fractions lead to statistically different blood glucose levels at 1 and 2 hours. In gestational diabetes mellitus, however, 1-hour glucose levels do not differ after a 75 or 100 gm load or after glucose measurement in capillary blood or venous plasma. This is due to elevated insulin resistance shown by a low insulin/glucose quotient at 1 hour. For comparison of tests in gestational diabetes mellitus only, 2-hour values must be adjusted by 16 mg/dl after different loading.
[Non-obstetric indications for cesarean section from five years of material].; During the period 1990-94, in the Institute of Obstetrics and Gynecology. The Medical Academy of Gdańsk 13,079 deliveries took place including 1635 cesarean section, which makes 12.5%. In 282 women (17 percent of these) surgical procedures were performed due to a non-obstetrical indications, 122 pregnancies were complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus-these women were excluded from the present study. A constant percentage increase of cesarean sections was observed-by 1.45% every year, from 10.23% to 15.97%, but the percentage of non-obstetrical indications for operative delivery was stabilized to approximately 9.79%. The most frequent non-obstetrical indications for the cesarean section were pregnancies complicated by: hypertension-33.75%, ophtalmological-20.57%, uterine myomas-16%, women heart diseases-10%, pelvic pathology-8.75%, neurological disorders-8.12%. The indications for cesarean section did not have influence on gestational age.
Do self-reported pregnancy complications add to risk evaluation in older women with established cardiovascular disease?; BACKGROUND: In postmenopausal women with established cardiovascular disease (CVD), it is unknown whether a history of pregnancy complications are related to multisite artery disease (MSAD), defined as atherosclerotic lesions in at least two major vascular beds. Pregnancy complications are an established risk factor for CVD. This study aimed to investigate the frequency of pregnancy complications and their association to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and prediction of MSAD in older women with and without CVD. METHODS: In total, 556 women were invited to participate in the study. Of these women 307 reported former pregnancy from a cohort of women with (n = 233) and without CVD (n = 74). The self-reported frequency of pregnancy complications were surveyed retrospectively by a questionnaire that included miscarriage, subfertility, gestational hypertension (GHT) and/or preeclampsia (PE), low birth weight, preterm birth, bleeding in late pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and high birth weight. Three vascular beds were examined, the peripheral, carotid and coronary arteries. RESULTS: The mean age was 67.5 (SD 9.5) years. GHT and/or PE tended to be more common, but not significant, in women with CVD than in women without (20.3% vs 10.8%, p = 0.066). Among women with GHT and/or PE, hypertension later in life were more frequent than in women without (66.7% vs 47.4%, p = 0.010). GHT and/or PE were not associated with specific atherosclerotic manifestations or prediction of MSAD. CONCLUSIONS: In older women with established CVD, pregnancy complications was not associated to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and may not provide additional value to the risk evaluation for MSAD.
References Values of Fetal Heart Myocardial Volume by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound using Spatiotemporal Image Correlation and Virtual Organ Computer-Aided Analysis Methods and Their Applicability in Pregestational Diabetic Women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine reference values for myocardial volume of the fetal heart using three-dimensional ultrasound with spatiotemporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) and to assess their applicability in women with pregestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cross-sectional study included 177 normal pregnant women with fetuses between 20(0/7) and 33(6/7) weeks of age. Fetal cardiac volumes were collected using the STIC method, and myocardial volume was obtained by subtraction of the intracavitary volumes using the VOCAL 30-degree method. Intra- and interobserver reproducibility values were determined using the concordance correlation coefficient (CCC). Sixteen women with pregestational diabetes mellitus were evaluated for validation. RESULTS: There was a strong correlation between fetal myocardial volume and gestational age (R (2) = 0.82). Intra- and interobserver reproducibility values were excellent and moderate, respectively, with CCCs of 0.99 and 0.83, respectively. There was no significant difference in mean fetal myocardial volume between normal pregnant women and those with pregestational diabetes (p = 0.64). CONCLUSION: Reference values for myocardial volume of the fetal heart were determined in normal pregnant women and were not statistically different from those in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Obesity in pregnancy: a big problem and getting bigger.; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, and postterm pregnancy. In this review, we discuss the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes as well as the recommendations for care of the obese gravida. TARGET AUDIENCE: Obstetricians and gynecologists and family physicians. LEARNING OBJECTIVES: After completing the CME activity, physicians should be better able to describe the maternal, neonatal, and intrapartum complications associated with obesity in pregnancy and implement additional changes to prenatal care appropriate for the obese gravida.
Role of Type 2 Diabetes in Determining Retinal, Renal, and Cardiovascular Outcomes in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have elevated lifetime risks for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), compared with their peers. However, it is not known whether their risk of CVD is dependent upon the development of T2DM. Thus, we sought to evaluate the role of T2DM in determining vascular outcomes in women with previous GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between April 1994 and March 2014 (n = 1,515,079) were stratified into the following four groups: women with GDM in whom T2DM subsequently developed (n = 15,585, median age 32 years); those with GDM in whom T2DM did not develop (n = 41,299; median age 32 years); women who did not have GDM but in whom T2DM developed (n = 49,397; median age 31 years); and those with neither GDM nor T2DM (n = 1,408,798; median age 30 years). Women were followed over a median time of 10.0 years for the development of microvascular and macrovascular outcomes. RESULTS: Among women who had GDM, only those in whom T2DM developed had an increased risk of vitrectomy/photocoagulation (hazard ratio [HR] 4.49, 95% CI 3.90-5.17), renal dialysis (HR 7.52, 5.24-10.81), and hospitalization for foot infection (HR 4.32, 3.42-5.46) (all P < 0.0001). However, for macrovascular outcomes, both women with GDM in whom T2DM developed and those in whom T2DM did not develop had increased risks of CVD (HR 2.82; 2.41-3.30; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.30; 1.07-1.59; P = 0.008, respectively) and coronary artery disease (HR 3.54; 2.96-4.23; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.41; 1.11-1.80; P = 0.005, respectively), although absolute event rates were very low. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have an elevated risk of cardiovascular outcomes, even in the absence of T2DM. In contrast, microvascular risk emerges only in those in whom T2DM develops.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the value of computerized cardiotocography (cCTG) in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Purpose of study. We studied fetal heart rate (FHR) recordings from 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 60 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy and 100 normal pregnant controls. The results were compared among the groups and related to neonatal umbilical artery cord blood analysis at birth. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Baseline FHR and the duration of episodes of low variation were significantly higher in diabetic than in controls and were negatively related to umbilical artery glycemia at birth, whereas the short-term variation in diabetics was significantly lower than in controls and was positively related to. CONCLUSIONS: Our study demonstrates that GDM does impact FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal wellbeing and correlate with neonatal reactivity. Only cCTG may allow to detect those slight but significant differences.
Gestational Weight Gain among Healthy Pregnant Women from Asia in Comparison with Institute of Medicine (IOM) Guidelines-2009: A Systematic Review.; In 1990, Institute of Medicine (IOM) recommended gestational weight gain (GWG) ranges for women in the United States primarily to improve infant birth weight. Changes in key aspects of reproductive health of women of child bearing age, a rising prevalence of obesity, and noncommunicable diseases prompted the revision of IOM guidelines in 2009. However, there is no such recommendation available for Asian women. This systematic review assesses the utility of IOM-2009 guidelines among Indian and other Asian pregnant women in terms of maternal and fetal outcomes. 624 citations were identified using PubMed and Google Scholar, out of which 13 were included. Prospective/retrospective studies of healthy Asian women with a singleton pregnancy which specifically examined fetal-maternal outcomes relative to IOM-2009 guidelines were included. Results. Majority of pregnant Indian women achieved less GWG than the recommendations whereas a mixed trend was noticed among the other Asian pregnant women. The most common fetal-maternal complications among the excessive GWG women were found to be macrosomia, large for gestational age and caesarean section followed by gestational diabetes and hypertension, whereas low birth weight, small for gestational age and preterm birth, was found to be associated with low GWG women. The findings highlight the need for appropriate GWG limits across the different body mass index levels specifically for Indians and other Asian population. However, there are not enough publications regarding the utility of IOM-2009 guidelines among the Indian and other Asian women. Thus, higher-quality researches are warranted in future to further validate the findings of the present review.
Activation of endothelial cells during insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: a biochemical and morphological study.; Plasma membrane lipid dynamics and cellular morphology were evaluated in endothelial cells obtained from umbilical cords of five women affected by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and six healthy pregnant women of similar age and gestational age. Endothelial cells were prepared by an adaptation of the method of Jaffe et al. Membrane fluidity was studied by means of the steady-state fluorescence anisotropy (r) of 1-(4-trimethylaminophenyl)-6-phenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (TMA-DPH), a fluorescent probe specifically anchoring at the membrane surface. Fluid phase endocytosis was evaluated by the measurement of the changes in fluorescence intensity of TMA-DPH at various times, owing to the internalization of the fluorescent marker in endocytic vesicles. The morphological and morphometric studies were performed by means of transmission electron microscopy (TEM). Endothelial cells obtained from IDDM women showed: (a) increased fluidity of the superficial region of the plasma membrane; (b) a more active fluid phase endocytosis compared with cells from healthy women; (c) increase in mitochondrial area, Weibel-Palade bodies and rough reticulum with wide cisternae. No statistically significant correlation was found between metabolic control and membrane fluidity and endocytosis. All the observed modifications suggest the presence of endothelial cell activation with membrane reshaping during IDDM. These alterations might play a central role in the pathophysiology of atherosclerosis and microangiopathy associated with diabetes mellitus.
Metabolic syndrome at follow-up in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus in index pregnancy.; We prospectively studied 262 women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 66 control women to compare their prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its relationship with insulin secretion and sensitivity. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was scheduled 5 years after delivery along with lipid profile, anthropometrics, and blood pressure measurement. Metabolic syndrome was defined according to the National Cholesterol Education Program 2001, and insulin sensitivity and secretion were estimated with the homeostasis model assessment. Women with prior GDM had similar insulin sensitivity and lower insulin secretion than control women. In comparison with control women, women with prior GDM had higher blood pressure, waist circumference, very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and oral glucose tolerance test blood glucose values but, with the exception of fasting hyperglycemia, did not have an increased prevalence of metabolic syndrome or its components. The multivariate prediction of metabolic syndrome and its components was similar with age and current homeostasis model assessment-insulin secretion and resistance indexes or with age, obesity, and GDM. The main predictor was current insulin resistance in the first case and obesity in the second, obesity being the best predictor overall. We conclude that in our population and at midterm follow-up, women with prior GDM have a decreased insulin secretion and display a higher prevalence of fasting hyperglycemia but not the full-blown picture of metabolic syndrome. Obesity, a surrogate index of insulin resistance, is the best predictor of metabolic syndrome at follow-up.
"Maternal diabetes mellitus and its impact on the risk of delivering a child with congenital heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis".; AIM: Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), type 1 or type 2, has been established as a potential risk factor for congenital heart disease (CHD). At the same time, the correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and increased risk of CHD has not been yet fully elucidated. The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis (PROSPERO number: CRD42020182390) was to analyze the existing evidence on PGDM and to attempt to fill, to the best of our ability, the remaining knowledge gap in the association of GDM with CHD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Two authors have independently searched the Pubmed/Medline, Scopus, Cochrane, Web of Science, and Theses Global databases with keywords and Boolean operators. The search yielded 9333 relevant articles, which were later screened for eligibility. Original peer-reviewed (case-control or cohort) studies were included if they were published in English between 1997 and 2020. Thirteen studies on mothers with PGDM and seven studies on mothers with GDM were finally included in our meta-analysis to investigate the association of maternal diabetes with the risk of delivering a child with CHD. The selected studies were all assessed for their methodological quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Associations with p < .05 were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Our meta-analysis (I(2) > 75%, total population: n = 12,461,586) of 79,476 women with PGDM and 160,893 with GDM produced an odds ratio of 3.48 (2.36-4.61) and 1.55 (1.48-1.61), respectively. Additionally, we did not find any noticeable difference in the risk for CHD among diabetic women living in the USA and Europe. Nevertheless, it still needs to be clarified, whether or not the gestational diabetic population includes undiagnosed women with preexisting diabetes, which might account for the increased risk of delivering a child with CHD in women classified as suffering from GDM. CONCLUSION: While both GDM and PGDM seem to significantly increase the risk of CHD in comparison with the general population, PDGM appears to have a greater association with CHD, being correlated with a 3.5-fold increase in the risk of malformation. Preconceptional and gestational diabetes care are, therefore, essential to mitigate the adverse effect of hyperglycemia on fetal heart formation during pregnancy.
Long-term implications of gestational diabetes for the mother.; Women with GDM have a greater risk of developing diabetes in the future compared with those women who have normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Using life table techniques, 17 years after the initial diagnosis of GDM, 40% of women were diabetic compared with 10% in a matched control group of women who had normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy. The incidence of diabetes was higher among women who were older, more obese, of greater parity and with more severe degrees of glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Diabetes also occurred more commonly among women who had a first-degree relative who was diabetic, in women born in Mediterranean and East Asian countries, and in those who had GDM in two or more pregnancies. Despite differing testing techniques and varying criteria for the diagnosis of GDM, follow-up studies from across the world consistently show a higher rate of subsequent diabetes among GDM mothers. NIDDM is associated with increased morbidity and a higher mortality rate, especially in women. Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases are the leading causes of death. High lipid levels, hypertension and obesity are often already present when diabetes is diagnosed and may antedate the development of overt diabetes; treatment of diabetes at this stage may therefore be too late to prevent complications occurring. A follow-up programme for women with GDM facilitates screening of a group known to be at increased risk of developing diabetes so that the diagnosis can be made before associated risk factors for complications develop. Intervention in the form of counselling regarding cigarette smoking, exercise and a healthy, high-residue, unrefined carbohydrate, low cholesterol diet, given together with weight monitoring, may prevent the onset of both diabetes and its associated cerebrovascular and cardiovascular problems.
Assessing White's classification of pregestational diabetes in a contemporary diabetic population.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the validity of White's classification, including the role of chronic hypertension, in a contemporary diabetic population. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of all singleton pregnancies with pre-existing diabetes mellitus from 2008 to 2013. Adverse outcomes were compared across classes B, C, D, and vascular disease (R, F, H) and further stratified by the presence or absence of chronic hypertension. Outcomes examined were a composite perinatal outcome (stillbirth, neonatal death, shoulder dystocia, birth injury, seizures, requiring chest compressions or intubation at delivery, blood pressure support), small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA), macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, preterm delivery at less than 37 weeks of gestation, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Of the 475 patients, the 1980 White's classification was significantly associated with SGA, LGA, macrosomia, preterm delivery, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery (P≤.01). Within each White's class based on age or time since diagnosis alone, hypertension was significantly associated with a higher incidence of preeclampsia in class B (16% without hypertension compared with 32% with hypertension, P<.01) and C (22% compared with 40%, P=.04), SGA in C (4.7% compared with 21%, P<.01), preterm delivery in B (25% compared with 46%, P<.01) and C (35% compared with 58%, P=.01), and the composite neonatal outcome in B (7.9% compared with 17%, P=.03). The incidence of adverse outcomes in classes B and C with hypertension resembles the incidence of adverse outcomes in those with diabetes one class higher. CONCLUSION: The 1980 White's classification system, taking into consideration the presence of chronic hypertension, remains a useful system for counseling pregestational diabetic women regarding adverse pregnancy outcomes. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Downregulation of microRNA-873 attenuates insulin resistance and myocardial injury in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus by upregulating IGFBP2.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by insulin resistance, and patients with GDM have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Multiple microRNAs (miRNAs) are reported to be involved in the regulation of myocardial injury. Moreover, miR-873 was predicted to target insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) through bioinformatic analysis, which was further confirmed using a luciferase assay. Thus, our objective was to assess whether microRNA-873 (miR-873) affects insulin resistance and myocardial injury in an established GDM rat model. The GDM rats were treated with miR-875 mimic or inhibitor or IGFBP2 siRNA. The effects of miR-875 and IGFBP2 on the cardiac function, insulin resistance, and myocardial injury were evaluated by hemodynamic measurements, determination of biochemical indices of myocardium and serum, and insulin homeostatic model assessment. The results indicated that downregulation of miR-873 upregulated the expression of IGFBP2 and promoted the activation of phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) axis. With downregulation of miR-873 in GDM rats, the cardiac function was improved and the myocardial apoptosis was inhibited, coupled with elevated activity of superoxide dismutase, carbon monoxide synthase, and the nitric oxide content. In addition, the inhibition of miR-873 in GDM rats modulated the insulin resistance and reduced myocardial apoptosis. Overall, the data showed that inhibition of miR-873 by targeting IGFBP2 may regulate the insulin resistance and curtail myocardial injury in GDM rats through activating the PI3K/AKT/mTOR axis, thus providing a potential means of impeding the progression of GDM.
Pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIM: The aim of study was to compare some perinatal outcomes in mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). MATERIAL AND METHODS: All patients with T1DM delivered at the 1st Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology of Faculty of Medicine, Comenius University in Bratislava from January 1st 2009 to December 31th 2015 were included to the study. RESULTS: Out of 118 diabetic mothers, 46.6 % had vasculopathy and 53. 4 % were without microvascular complications. In the vasculopathy group, significantly higher incidence rates of preeclampsia (49. 1 versus 19.1 %; p = 0.002) and caesarean section (89.1 versus 68.3 %; p = 0.017) were found. Neonatal morbidity and mortality rates were higher in vasculopathy group (but not statistically significantly). Preparation for pregnancy improves perinatal and neonatal results. Nevertheless, this preparation in our study group was received only in 9.3 %. Perinatal mortality was 25.4 per 1,000 total births. CONCLUSION: For pregnancy of diabetic women to become possible a qualified management must be provided. Good outcomes for both women and newborns are real when preparation for pregnancy and metabolic control before and during whole pregnancy are at adequate level (Tab. 3, Ref. 28).
Previous High-Intensity Breastfeeding Lowers the Risk of an Abnormal Fasting Glucose in a Subsequent Pregnancy Oral Glucose Tolerance Test.; Breastfeeding is associated with reduced lifetime cardiometabolic risk, but little is known regarding the metabolic benefit in a subsequent pregnancy. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the association between breastfeeding duration and intensity and next pregnancy oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. A retrospective cohort study was conducted from March 2020 to October 2022. All multiparous women who met inclusion criteria and gave birth during the study period were eligible for inclusion. Analysis was stratified by risk for gestational diabetes (GDM). High GDM risk criteria included previous GDM and BMI > 35 kg/m(2). The association between breastfeeding duration and high-intensity breastfeeding (HIBF) and subsequent pregnancy OGTT were assessed with multivariate logistic models adjusted for statistically and clinically relevant covariables. There were 5374 multiparous participants who met the inclusion criteria for analysis. Of these, 61.7% had previously breastfed for >6 months, and 43.4% were at high risk for GDM. HIBF was associated with 47% reduced odds of an abnormal fasting glucose in a subsequent pregnancy OGTT (aOR 0.53; 95%CI 0.38-0.75; p < 0.01). There was no association between HIBF and other glucose results on the OGTT. Women who smoked were least likely to breastfeed at high intensity (aOR 0.31; 95%CI 0.21-0.47; p < 0.01). South Asian women had 65% higher odds of HIBF than women who identified as White/European (aOR 1.65; 1.36-2.00; p < 0.01). This study highlights the importance of exclusive breastfeeding to potentially reduce the prevalence of GDM and may also translate into long-term reduction of cardiometabolic risk.
Capillary glucose determination in the screening of gestational diabetes.; Paired capillary-venous blood samples were obtained from 418 pregnant women undergoing an oral glucose challenge test (GCT) for the screening of gestational diabetes (GD). The relationship between capillary and plasma glucose concentrations was investigated in order to establish a capillary GCT threshold. Plasma glucose was assayed by the glucose oxidase method and capillary glucose using Reflocheck Glucose strips and a Reflocheck reflectance meter. During GCT the capillary values exceeded plasma glucose values by a mean difference of 10-12 mg/dl fasting and 22-24 mg/dl after 1 h. A high correlation between the glucose values of the two techniques was found, particularly for those at 1 h, with corresponding capillary determinations being 20 mg/dl above plasma values. The sensitivity, specificity and predictive value of the various capillary thresholds investigated in detecting GD corresponded substantially to the accuracy of plasma thresholds 20 mg/dl lower. The receiver operator characteristic curves of the plasma and capillary thresholds were similar in shape and the optimal cut-off point for performing a diagnostic test was set at 135 and 155 mg/dl, respectively. These cut-off values should be reconsidered in the light of the costs and perinatal outcome.
Volumetric investigation of the hippocampus in rat offspring due to diabetes in pregnancy-A stereological study.; BACKGROUND: The brain development during the prenatal period is affected by various factors, including the mother's metabolic condition. It has been revealed that diabetes in pregnancy is associated with structural and functional alterations in offspring's hippocampus. Hippocampus, as a critical region with well-known roles in learning and memory consolidation, is vulnerable to changes in glucose level. This study was designed to investigate the effects of maternal diabetes during the pregnancy period and insulin therapy on the neuronal density and the volume of different subfields of the hippocampus in rat offspring at postnatal day 14 (P14). METHODS: Wistar female rats were randomly divided into diabetics (STZ-D), diabetes treated with insulin (STZ-INS) group, and controls (CON). The animals in all groups were mated by non-diabetic male rats. Two weeks after birth, male pups from each group were sacrificed. The Cavalieri method was carried out to estimate the total volume, and the numerical density of the neurons in the hippocampus and its sub regions was measured by the optical dissector technique. RESULTS: Bilateral hippocampal volume decreased in the diabetic group, mainly in the CA1, dentate gyrus (DG) and subiculum areas (P ≤ 0.05), when compared to control and insulin-treated diabetic animals. In all hippocampus sub-regions, maternal diabetes resulted in a significant decrease in the number of cells in comparison with two other groups (P ≤ 0.05 each). CONCLUSION: These data indicate that diabetes during pregnancy has a negative impact on the development of the hippocampus in the rats. These changes in the volume of hippocampal CA1, DG, and subiculum areas might be at the core of underlying neurocognitive and neurobehavioral impairments observed in the children of diabetic mothers.
[Anthropometric data, fetal and neonatal complications in infants of diabetic mothers. Results of a 10-year retrospective study].; INTRODUCTION: Disturbances in carbohydrate metabolism during pregnancy may result in harmful fetal and neonatal consequences. OBJECTIVES: To assess the fetal and neonatal complications of pregnancy in mothers with gestational and pregestational diabetes during a 10-year period in a county hospital in Hungary. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of infants of diabetic mothers admitted to the neonatal unit between 2001 and 2010. RESULTS: 32% of the infants were transferred to the neonatal unit. Neonatal macrosomia (birth weight >90 centile) was observed in one quarter of the infants. 39% of the infants developed hypoglycemia (blood glucose <2.6 mmol/l), in the majority of the cases within the first 8 hours. Hypoglycaemia was symptomatic in 55% of the infants. Hypocalcemia was observed in 17%, hyperviscosity in 23%, hyperbilirubinaemia in 32%, respiratory distress syndrome and/or transient tachypnoe in 22% and cardiac complications in 13% of the infants. 10% of the inafnts were affected with birth injuries. Congenital anomalies were seen in 17% of the cases, and severe malformations were present in 4% of the infants. CONCLUSIONS: Despite modern diabetes management, there is still a higher incidence of fetal macrosomia, adverse neonatal outcomes and a higher rate of severe congenital malformations in neonates of diabetic mothers.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: Results of over a decade follow-up of the Iranian population.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: We aimed at evaluating whether the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mothers is associated with increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in both mothers and fathers. METHODS: In this population-based study, 4308 Iranian women, aged 18-64 years, with at least 1 live-birth delivery, and free of CVD at baseline, were followed. Corresponding spouses were identified in 2547 cases. The association between history of GDM and incident CVD was assessed using multivariate Cox's proportional hazard in 3 models: model 1, unadjusted; model 2, adjusted for age, body mass index, smoking (for men), maternal parity, miscarriage, physical activity, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, and model 3, further adjusted for diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 14.1 years, 314 mothers and 424 fathers experienced CVD. Women with history of GDM had an adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 95% CI of 1.85 (1.38-2.48) and 1.29 (0.96-1.75) for CVD in models 1 and 2, respectively. Furthermore, an independent association with CVD was observed in fathers with an adjusted HR of 1.35 (1.02-1.79) in the confounder adjusted model and even after further controlling for diabetes [1.36 (1.03-1.80)]. Moreover, all traditional risk factors, excluding BMI, showed an independent risk for CVD in both genders. CONCLUSIONS: Women with prior GDM showed an increased risk of CVD that was not independent of important CVD risk factors. However, among men, spousal history of GDM was an independent risk factor for incident CVD, even after considering important traditional risk factors, including diabetes.
Gestational diabetic patients with adequate management have normal cardiovascular autonomic regulation during the third trimester of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation at rest and their responses to head-up tilt (HUT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We prospectively studied 79 pregnant women (51 with GDM, 28 without GDM) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after parturition. The maternal electrocardiogram and arterial blood pressure were noninvasively measured. Heart rate and blood pressure were measured in the supine position and in the upright position. Stroke volume was assessed from noninvasive blood pressure signals, heart rate variability (HRV) was analyzed in frequency domain, and baroreflex sensitivity by the cross-spectral and sequence methods. RESULTS: Between the GDM group and control pregnant women there were no significant differences in hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation throughout the protocol. Increased normalized low-frequency component and low-frequency to high-frequency ratio suggested a change in sympathovagal balance towards sympathetic predominance during pregnancy in both groups. The response to head-up tilt (HUT) was similar in both GDM and control pregnant women. The pregnancy modulated the response to HUT in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac index, peripheral resistance, total power of HRV, and its low- and high-frequency components. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that pregnancy modulates cardiovascular autonomic regulation and hemodynamics equally in subjects with GDM and without GDM, suggesting that metabolic disorder during pregnancy does not result in cardiovascular dysfunction when GDM is in good balance.
Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy and risk of cardiovascular disease: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women commonly receive screening for gestational diabetes mellitus by use of a 50 g glucose challenge test, followed by a diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test for those whose glucose challenge test result is abnormal. Although women with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, it is not known whether mild glucose intolerance during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular disease. Thus, we sought to determine whether pregnant women with an abnormal glucose challenge test result but without gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study that included all women in Ontario aged 20-49 years with live deliveries between April 1994 and March 1998. We excluded women with pregestational diabetes. The population was stratified into 3 cohorts: women with gestational diabetes (n = 13,888); women who received an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of an abnormal result of the glucose challenge test) but who did not have gestational diabetes (n = 71,831); and women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of a normal result of the glucose challenge test) (n = 349,977). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (admission to hospital for acute myocardial infarction, coronary bypass, coronary angioplasty, stroke or carotid endarterectomy). RESULTS: Compared with women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test, women with gestational diabetes and women who received an oral glucose tolerance test but did not have gestational diabetes had a higher risk of cardiovascular disease over 12.3 years of median follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] for women with gestational diabetes 1.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.30-2.13, p < 0.001; adjusted HR for those with an oral glucose test but not gestational diabetes 1.19, 95% CI 1.02-1.39, p = 0.03). INTERPRETATION: Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy may be associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Exosomes Could Offer New Options to Combat the Long-Term Complications Inflicted by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a complex clinical condition that promotes pelvic floor myopathy, thus predisposing sufferers to urinary incontinence (UI). GDM usually regresses after birth. Nonetheless, a GDM history is associated with higher risk of subsequently developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and UI. Some aspects of the pathophysiology of GDM remain unclear and the associated pathologies (outcomes) are poorly addressed, simultaneously raising public health costs and diminishing women's quality of life. Exosomes are small extracellular vesicles produced and actively secreted by cells as part of their intercellular communication system. Exosomes are heterogenous in their cargo and depending on the cell sources and environment, they can mediate both pathogenetic and therapeutic functions. With the advancement in knowledge of exosomes, new perspectives have emerged to support the mechanistic understanding, prediction/diagnosis and ultimately, treatment of the post-GMD outcomes. Here, we will review recent advances in knowledge of the role of exosomes in GDM and related areas and discuss the possibilities for translating exosomes as therapeutic agents in the GDM clinical setting.
Review of gestational diabetes mellitus effects on vascular structure and function.; Vascular dysfunction has been described in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, previous gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Factors contributing to vascular changes remain uncertain. The aim of this review was to summarize vascular structure and function changes found to occur in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that contribute to vascular dysfunction. A systematic search of electronic databases yielded 15 publications from 1998 to March 2014 that met the inclusion criteria. Our review confirmed that previous gestational diabetes mellitus contributes to vascular dysfunction, and the most consistent risk factor associated with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and vascular dysfunction was elevated body mass index. Heterogeneity existed across studies in determining the relationship of glycaemic levels and insulin resistance to vascular dysfunction.
Interaction between maternal obesity and 1-hour glucose challenge test results on maternal and perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to examine the relationship between positive glucose challenge test (GCT) values and perinatal outcomes stratified by maternal body mass index (BMI). STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort of singleton gestations with a GCT performed at >20 weeks and documented BMI at entry to care. Subjects were classified by GCT level and BMI. Primary outcomes included large for gestational age (LGA), macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Cochran-Armitage tests for trend and logistic regression were used to compare the GCT categories. RESULTS: A total of 14,525 women met enrollment criteria-8,521 with a GCT < 120 mg/dL and 6,004 with a GCT ≥ 120 mg/dL. When BMI < 25 kg/m(2) was considered, the risks were not increased at any level of GCT for any outcome. However, for subjects with BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2), the risk of LGA for a GCT 130 to 134 mg/dL was increased, but not at GCT of 135 to 139 mg/dL (p < 0.001). Similar, but nonsignificant, trends were observed for macrosomia and shoulder dystocia. CONCLUSION: Increasing GCT is associated with adverse outcomes primarily in women with a BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2). Women with a BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2) and a GCT 135 to 140 mg/dL appear to have less risk of LGA than women with GCT 130 to 134 mg/dL, suggesting a possible effect of diagnosing and treating gestational diabetes mellitus in this group.
Maternal diabetes: the risk for specific birth defects.; We studied the risk for specific birth defects among infants of mothers with gestational and chronic diabetes using data collected by the Spanish Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECEMC). For the years 1976 to 1985, we identified 10,087 infants with malformations and 9,994 control infants; 155 of the case infants and 89 of the controls were born to diabetic mothers. The crude odds ratio for any minor or major defect and insulin-treated diabetes was 5.5 (95% CI = 1.2, 24.8), and for major malformations it was 8.7 (95% CI = 1.8, 34.7). The risk for defects involving the central nervous system (CNS), skeletal system and cardiovascular system were significantly increased. Infants of non-insulin-treated diabetic mothers were 2.9 times more likely to have a major congenital birth defect (95% CI = 1.2, 7.2). The crude odds ratio for any major or minor defect and mothers with gestational diabetes requiring insulin was 1.9 (95% CI = 1.1, 3.4). Similar risk was observed for major defects (OR = 1.9, 95% CI = 1.0, 3.7). These results suggest that infants of insulin-treated diabetic mothers have an increased risk of developing malformations of the CNS, cardiovascular system and skeletal system. We also found an increased risk for specific defect categories among infants of mothers with gestational diabetes treated with insulin.
Changes in Delivery Timing for High-Risk Pregnancies in the United States.; OBJECTIVE: This study was aimed to assess whether the "39-week" rule is being extended to high-risk pregnancies and if so whether this has led to changes in neonatal morbidity or stillbirth. STUDY DESIGN: Birth certificate data between 2010 and 2014 from 23 states (55% of births in the United States) were used. Pregnancies were classified as high risk if they had any one of the following: maternal age greater than or equal to 40 years, prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) greater than or equal to 40 kg/m(2), chronic (prepregnancy) hypertension, or diabetes (pregestational or gestational). Delivery timing changes for all pregnancies at term (37 weeks or greater) were compared with changes in the high-risk population. Neonatal morbidities (neonatal intensive care unit [NICU] admission, need for assisted ventilation, 5-minute Apgar score, and macrosomia), maternal morbidities (intensive care unit [ICU] admission, cesarean delivery, operative vaginal delivery, chorioamnionitis, and severe perineal laceration), and stillbirth rates were compared across time periods. Multivariate logistic regression was used to analyze whether gestational age-specific morbidity changes were due to shifts in delivery timing. RESULTS: For the overall population, there was a shift in delivery timing between 2010 and 2014, a 2.5% decrease in 38-week deliveries, and a 2.3% increase in 39-week deliveries (p < 0.01). This gestational age shift was identical in the high-risk population (2.7% decrease in 38-week deliveries and 2.9% increase in 39-week deliveries). For the high-risk population, NICU admission increased from 5.4 to 6.3% in 2014 (p < 0.01) and assisted ventilation rates declined from 3.8 to 2.9% (p < 0.01). These changes, however, were independent of changes in delivery timing. There was no increase in the rate of stillbirth (0.23% in 2010 and 0.23% in 2014; p = 0.50). CONCLUSION: There was a significant shift in delivery timing for high-risk pregnancies in the United States between 2010 and 2014. This shift, however, did not result in statistically significant changes in either neonatal morbidity or stillbirth. KEY POINTS: · From 2010 to 2014, term deliveries for high-risk pregnancies shifted towards 39 weeks.. · The shift towards 39 weeks in high-risk pregnancies was not accompanied by any improvement in neonatal morbidity.. · The shift towards 39 weeks in high-risk pregnancies did not result in an increase in the stillbirth rate..
Low awareness of venous thromboembolism among the general population: a call for increased public enlightenment programs.; BACKGROUND: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a notable but often ignored cause of disability and death. Improved public awareness of the symptoms and risks associated with VTE reduces the burden of disease. AIM: We aimed to determine the awareness of VTE among the general population. METHODS: We conducted a population-based study using a pre-tested, pre-validated Ipsos-Reid questionnaire between October 2019 to March 2020. The questionnaire was distributed to consenting adults in the capital cities of Enugu and Ebonyi states of South-Eastern Nigeria to determine their awareness and knowledge of the symptoms and risk factors of VTE. RESULTS: A total of 284 adults participated with a mean age of 32.73 ± 10.33 years and majority (70.8%) had a post-secondary education. While majority were aware of other medical conditions like a heart attack (96.1%), stroke (97.2%), diabetes (98.2%), HIV/AIDS (98.6%), cancer (97.2%) and malaria (98.2), just a few of the subjects were aware of thrombosis (41.5%) and DVT (33.8%). Less than half (42.4%) correctly described DVT as a blood clot in the vein and 13.7% of the respondents knew what PE feels like. A minority of them knew the risk factors of VTE included hospital stay (19.0%), surgery (37.2%), cancer (31.6%), pregnancy (31.6%) and old age (29.6%). Age and gender showed no statistically significant association with awareness of VTE, p value, 0.491 and 0.287, respectively. CONCLUSION: The awareness of VTE in the general population is low. Public awareness programs should be a public health priority to reduce morbidity and mortality associated with VTE.
Guidelines for prevention of stroke in patients with ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack: a statement for healthcare professionals from the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association Council on Stroke: co-sponsored by the Council on Cardiovascular Radiology and Intervention: the American Academy of Neurology affirms the value of this guideline.; The aim of this new statement is to provide comprehensive and timely evidence-based recommendations on the prevention of ischemic stroke among survivors of ischemic stroke or transient ischemic attack. Evidence-based recommendations are included for the control of risk factors, interventional approaches for atherosclerotic disease, antithrombotic treatments for cardioembolism, and the use of antiplatelet agents for noncardioembolic stroke. Further recommendations are provided for the prevention of recurrent stroke in a variety of other specific circumstances, including arterial dissections; patent foramen ovale; hyperhomocysteinemia; hypercoagulable states; sickle cell disease; cerebral venous sinus thrombosis; stroke among women, particularly with regard to pregnancy and the use of postmenopausal hormones; the use of anticoagulation after cerebral hemorrhage; and special approaches for the implementation of guidelines and their use in high-risk populations.
Erythrocyte filterability in normal and high-risk pregnancy.; Erythrocyte filterability was studied longitudinally in normal pregnancy and in certain categories of high-risk pregnancy. Study subjects included ten normal controls, 12 insulin-dependent diabetics, eight gestational diabetics, and five essential hypertensives. Our results indicate that erythrocyte filterability remains relatively stable over the course of normal gestation. We noted no differences between controls and essential hypertensives or gestational diabetics, although a favorable effect of insulin therapy was suggested in gestational diabetics. Erythrocyte filterability and mean arterial blood pressure were not related. Insulin-dependent diabetics demonstrated a significantly elevated and widely varying erythrocyte filterability, and individual patient trends correlated well with outcome. Fibrinogen levels in diabetics rose precipitously and were significantly higher than normal throughout gestation. Fibrinogen levels paralleled changes in erythrocyte filterability, with the two parameters positively correlated. Mean glucose control had no influence on filterability. We conclude that in the diabetic pregnancy, varying erythrocyte filterability is related to altered fibrinogen metabolism and may contribute to perinatal morbidity.
Association between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and hypoglycemia in Chinese women with diabetes in pregnancy and influence factors.; This retrospective study aimed to investigate the correlation between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB) and hypoglycemia (NH) in Chinese women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), and the influencing factors. All the data were collected July 1, 2017 and June 30, 2020, and 10,558 Chinese women with DIP and live births were included. Two separate multivariate binary stepwise forward logistic regression analysis calculated OR with 95% CI. The prevalence rates of NHB and NH was respectively 3.65% and 5.82% among women with DIP. The comorbidity of both diseases was 0.59%. NH were 1.81 times (OR 1.81, 1.19-2.76) more likely to have hyperbilirubinemia. NHB is positively correlated with NH (OR 1.93, 1.27-2.92). Increased gestational age has a protective effect on both NH (OR 0.76, 0.68-0.85) and NHB (OR 0.80, 0.69-0.92). Abnormal placental morphology is related to NH (OR 1.55, 1.16-2.08) and NHB (OR 1.64, 1.10-2.45). Regarding neonatal outcomes, congenital heart disease (CHD) (OR 2.16, 1.25-3.73; and OR 10.14, 6.47-15.90) was a risk factor for NH and NHB. NHB and NH were significantly correlated in women with DIP. The offspring of DIP with multiple risk factors have a significantly increased risk of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
Haemodynamic differences amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls.; AIM: To assess the changes in haemodynamics amongst pregnant women who were screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to low-risk healthy pregnant controls. METHODOLOGY: A total of 120 pregnant women of mean (standard deviation) age 31.03 (5.41) years who attended their oral glucose tolerance test as part of the national screening for GDM (study), and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant women (control) of mean age 29.71 (5.33) years, were invited to participate in this study. All women included in the study booked at the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust and fulfilled the relevant inclusion criteria. Non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness and cardiac output were undertaken on participants between 26 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. The mean difference between GDM and low-risk group for each of the arterial stiffness and cardiac output measurements was assessed by a two-sample unpaired t-test. RESULTS: Significant differences were found between the study and control groups for brachial (-64.5 vs. -69.5, p < 0.04) and aortic augmentation indices (5.2 vs. 2.7, p = 0.04), though there was no significant difference for PWV (8.3 vs. 8.1, p = 0.49). Cardiac output (7.6 vs. 7.0, p = 0.011), stroke volume (84.4 vs. 76.9, p = 0.013) and central mean arterial pressure (71 vs. 58, <0.001) were also significantly different between groups. However, no significant differences were reported for heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, or total peripheral resistance. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women at risk of GDM between gestational weeks 26 and 28 had significantly increased measures of arterial stiffness, as assessed by brachial and aortic augmentation indices, compared with low-risk healthy controls. Whether these women are at greater long-term cardiovascular disease risk warrants further investigation.
Fetal Cardiac Function and Ventricular Volumes Determined by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound Using STIC and VOCAL Methods in Fetuses from Pre-gestational Diabetic Women.; To assess the fetal cardiac function and ventricular volumes by three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) methods in fetuses from pre-gestational diabetic women. This was a prospective and cross-sectional study that evaluated 53 fetuses from pre-gestational diabetic women and 53 fetuses from healthy mothers between 20 and 34 weeks of gestation. Only fetuses with no structural or genetic abnormalities and singleton pregnant women were included in this study. The fetal cardiac volumes were assessed by STIC and VOCAL methods. The ejection fraction, stroke volume, and cardiac output were calculated from these measurements to evaluate fetal cardiac function. The Mann-Whitney U test was performed to compare the two groups. For calculation of intra- and interobserver reproducibility's, we used concordance correlation coefficients. The mean differences in the right atrial volumes between the diabetic and normal groups ranged from 0.05 mL to 0.1 mL (p = 0.917 and 0.355, respectively). The median of left atrium (LA) volume measurement in pre-gestational diabetic group was significantly lower than healthy mothers (LA: 0.62 vs. 0.68 mL; p < 0.001). The fetal right and left ventricular volumes were similar in both groups. No significant differences in ejection fraction, stroke volume and cardiac output were observed (p value range 0.086-0.815). The majority of fetal atrial/ventricular volumes showed good intra- and interobserver reliabilities. Conversely, the majority cardiac function parameters showed poor intra- and interobserver agreements. STIC and VOCAL methods gave reproducible quantitative results for fetal atrial and ventricular volumes. Significant differences in fetal left atrial volumes were observed between the two groups, which be related to LA atrial dysfunction and /or left ventricle (LV) compliance, reflecting earlier stages of cardiac dysfunction.
Polish Gynecological Society Recommendations for Labor Induction.; Labor induction involves artificial stimulation of childbirth before the natural, spontaneous onset of labor. It is one of the most common procedures in modern obstetrics. The frequency of labor induction has doubled in recent decades due to the development of perinatology and methods of monitoring fetal well-being in particular. Currently, one in five pregnant women and 30-40% of women delivering vaginally undergo this procedure. Reasons for induction include reduction of the perinatal mortality and morbidity of the fetus and newborn, as well as the reduction of maternal complications. However, as every medical intervention, labor induction is associated with a risk of complications.
Ultrasonic assessment of cardiac function in the intact human fetus.; Echocardiography may provide information concerning the structural development of the fetal human heart. The information available from such studies, when interpreted in light of existing knowledge of developmental cardiac physiology, may give insight concerning in utero cardiac pump function. The quantitation of cardiac structural growth in utero has been used to provide growth curves for the chambers of the fetal heart. Disparity in the ratio of right ventricular/left ventricular size (normally 1.0 to 1.2) may suggest acute ventricular failure and dilation. Electromechanical analysis using M-mode techniques may be used to analyze and monitor the treatment of fetal cardiac arrhythmias and provide systolic time interval analysis. Doppler waveform analysis provides information concerning directional flow and vascular impedance and Doppler flowmetry has promise for the measurement of fetal aortic and umbilical venous blood flows. Such studies have increased our understanding of fetal circulatory function and have practical implications for the establishment of fetal cardiac diagnosis and treatment programs.
Berberine elevates cardiolipin in heart of offspring from mouse dams with high fat diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus.; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid from plants known to improve cardiac mitochondrial function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) offspring but the mechanism is poorly understood. We examined the role of the mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin (CL) in mediating this cardiac improvement. C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet for 6 weeks prior to breeding. Lean and GDM-exposed male offspring were randomly assigned a low-fat, high-fat, or high-fat diet containing BBR at weaning for 12 weeks. The content of CL was elevated in the heart of GDM offspring fed a high fat diet containing BBR. The increase in total cardiac CL was due to significant increases in the most abundant and functionally important CL species, tetralinoleoyl-CL and this correlated with an increase in the expression of the CL remodeling enzyme tafazzin. Additionally, BBR treatment increased expression of cardiac enzymes involved in fatty acid uptake and oxidation and electron transport chain subunits in high fat diet fed GDM offspring. Thus, dietary BBR protection from cardiac dysfunction in GDM exposed offspring involves improvement in mitochondrial function mediated through increased synthesis of CL.
Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke in northern Queensland.; OBJECTIVES: Our objective was to review the occurrence, presentation, and associated risk factors of stroke in infants at a tertiary neonatal intensive care unit. STUDY DESIGN: Inpatient electronic records identified infants between March 2002 and March 2011 who had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke. RESULTS: Ten infants had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke, 50% were outborn, 20% were indigenous, and mortality was 30%. Median birth weight was 2970 g (range 1699 to 3443 g), and median gestation was 36 weeks (range 32 to 41 weeks). Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke were left sided in three, right sided in three, and bilateral in four. Presentation included four with seizures, four with apnea/sepsis, one with thrombosis, and one without symptoms. In 4 of 10 cases reported in this series, there was a maternal history of gestational diabetes, although the incidence of gestational diabetes in Australia is only 4.5%. CONCLUSION: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus in our cases appears to be very much higher than the average population. Larger studies are needed to determine if gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for perinatal arterial ischemic stroke.
Gestational diabetes mellitus-right person, right treatment, right time?; BACKGROUND: Personalised treatment that is uniquely tailored to an individual's phenotype has become a key goal of clinical and pharmaceutical development across many, particularly chronic, diseases. For type 2 diabetes, the importance of the underlying clinical heterogeneity of the condition is emphasised and a range of treatments are now available, with personalised approaches being developed. While a close connection between risk factors for type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes has long been acknowledged, stratification of screening, treatment and obstetric intervention remains in its infancy. CONCLUSIONS: Although there have been major advances in our understanding of glucose tolerance in pregnancy and of the benefits of treatment of gestational diabetes, we argue that far more vigorous approaches are needed to enable development of companion diagnostics, and to ensure the efficacious and safe use of novel therapeutic agents and strategies to improve outcomes in this common condition.
[Influence of tobacco smoking on the sum epoxycholesterols levels in serum of pregnant women with diabetes].; OBJECTIVES: The aim of our study was to estimate concentration of epoxycholesterols sum (5 alpha,6 alpha and 5 beta,6 beta) in groups of pregnant women with diabetes mellitus and/or PIH, who had been exposed to tobacco smoke. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Examined patients were divided into the following groups: 35 patients with gestational diabetes, 25 patients with diabetes mellitus, 17 patients with gestational diabetes coexisting with PIH. The control group consist with 24 health pregnant women. Epoxycholesterols were estimated by thin layer chromatography. RESULTS: We stated exact relationship between sum of epoxycholesterols and degree of exposition to tobacco smoke in group of patients with diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus. In group of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus coexisting with PIH we didn't find statistically important differences in concentrations of examined value, although it was on permanently high level. CONCLUSIONS: The authors concluded, that free oxygen radicals enclosed in tobacco smoke catalyzed processes of cholesterol oxygenation in pregnant women bodies. Besides we stated, that increased levels of epoxycholesterols cold be one of the factors responsible for PIH. Our results indicate to need of further studies possible part of oxycholesterols in prenatal pathology.
The impact of umbilical blood flow regulation on fetal development differs in diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancy.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Diabetes is well-known to influence endothelial function. Endothelial function and blood flow regulation might be different in diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancy. However, the impact of umbilical blood flow regulation in gestational diabetes on fetal development is unknown so far. METHODS: In a prospective birth cohort study, we analyzed the association of the umbilical artery Doppler indices (pulsatility index, resistance index and systolic/diastolic ratio) and fetal size measures (biparietal diameter, head circumference, abdominal circumference, femur length and birth weight) in 519 non-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (controls) and 226 gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies in middle (day 160.32 ±16.29 of gestation) and late (day 268.12 ±13.04 of gestation) pregnancy. RESULTS: Multiple regression analysis considering confounding factors (gestational day of ultrasound examination, offspring sex, maternal body mess index before pregnancy, maternal age at delivery, maternal body weight at delivery and maternal hypertension) showed that umbilical artery Doppler indices (pulsatility index, resistance index and systolic/diastolic ratio) were associated with fetal head circumference and femur length in middle gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy but not in non-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy. Head circumference, biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference and femur length in mid gestation were smaller in fetus of gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy versus non-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy. In contrast to non-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy in late gestation, umbilical artery Doppler indices in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy were not associated with ultrasound measures of fetal growth. Birth weight was slightly increased in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy as compared to non-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The impact of umbilical blood flow on fetal growth is time dependent in human gestational diabetes mellitus and non-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy. In gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy umbilical blood flow is critical for organ development in much earlier stages of pregnancy as compared to non-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy. The physiological and molecular pathways why there is a catch up growth in later times of gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy resulting in larger gestational diabetes mellitus babies at birth needs to be addressed in further studies.
Incidence of gestational hypertension in gestational diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study has been to establish the incidence of gestational hypertension (GH) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to examine the frequency of complications in women with co-existent GDM and GH. Furthermore, we wished to evaluate the significance of urine albumin excretion determined by the urine albumin creatinine ratio (ACR). A total of 215 successive pregnancies with risk factors for gestational diabetes, as defined by the Danish National Board of Health screened for gestational diabetes by the WHO criteria, were reviewed. Women who had a normal OGTT during the screening served as controls. Gestational hypertension was defined as a mean arterial pressure (MAP) >105 mmHg (systolic BP > or = 140 mmHg and/or diastolic BP > or = 90 mmHg). The two groups were comparable with regard to initial body mass index (BMI) and MAP. GH appeared with a higher frequency in women with GDM (28%) than in women with normal OGTT (10%) P=0.003 chi(2) test. Serious complications (perinatal mortality, malformations, acute caesarean section) also appeared with a higher frequency in women with GH and GDM (10%) than in women with GH but with normal OGTT (2%) P=0.0083 chi(2) test. We observed a significant increase in ACR in the group with complications (GDM and GH) during gestation regardless of intensive antihypertensive treatment. We also observed that ACR was significantly higher in women with GDM and GH when compared to women with GDM and a normal blood pressure. The BMI was consistently higher in women with GH, regardless of whether they had GDM or not as compared to the normotensive group. GH appears with a higher frequency in women with GDM and the co-existence seems correlated with a higher frequency of complications. The correlation between urine albumin excretion and complications might suggest that regulating GH should strive to normalise ACR in women with GDM.
Noninvasive, continuous, real-time glucose measurements compared to reference laboratory venous plasma glucose values.; Purpose: Current modalities for glucose monitoring are invasive and inconvenient. The search for a noninvasive technique is still ongoing, without a clinically viable product. The aim of our study was to evaluate the safety and accuracy of a novel non-invasive continuous glucometer - the Wizmi™ device. Methods: Prospective, observational, controlled clinical trial. We included healthy pregnant women designated to undergo a 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test. Each participant underwent synchronous and simultaneous glucose measurement by venous sampling of plasma glucose and non-invasive glucose by Wizmi device. Primary outcome was the accuracy of the Wizmi device as assessed by comparing between paired measurements, i.e. non-invasive glucose measurements by Wizmi versus standard plasma glucose levels, which were taken at the exact same time. Results: Thirty-two women underwent oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), contributing 224 paired glucose measurements. Of the 224 paired measurements, all were within the clinically appropriate zones of the Clarke error grid analysis zones -208 (93%) in Zone A and 16 (7%) in zone B. Mean absolute relative difference of the Wizmi non-invasive glucose versus plasma glucose laboratory reference was 7.23% or 9.66 mg/dl. Overall, for all 224 paired measurements, across all Wizmi glucose ranges, the agreement was 86.6, 92.0, 97.8 and 99.5% for deviations within ±15, 20, 30, 40% (if glucose >80 mg/dl) or mg/dl (if glucose ≤80 mg/dl). Conclusions: Wizmi device is novel non-invasive continuous glucose monitor, safe to use, with overall high accuracy compared to a gold standard reference of plasma glucose.
The lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio in a high-risk obstetric population.; An experience with the lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio in a population of high-risk obstetric patients is presented. A wide range of values in ralation to gestational age was found. A delayed rise in L/S ratio was found in Class A diabetes and Rh sensitization but was most striking in Class B through F diabetes. Chronic hypertension alone or in combination with diabetes is associated with an earlier rise in L/S ratio. A poor correlation of L/S ratio and neonatal pulmonary outcome with birthweight and gestational age was found. However, a good correlation between L/S ratio and neonatal pulmonary outcome was apparent. An L/S ratio of over 2 was universally associated with absence of serious RDS, but a low L/S ratio was less precisely predictive.
Association between prophylactic low-molecular-weight heparin use in pregnancy and macrosomia: analysis of the Ottawa and Kingston birth cohort.; Essentials Low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) is used to prevent venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnancy. We evaluated the association between LMWH and large for gestational age (LGA) infants. We found no significant associations between LMWH use and LGA. LMWH does not appear to increase the risk for the delivery of an LGA infant. SUMMARY: Background Low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH), an anticoagulant, is the recommended drug for thromboprophylaxis and treatment of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnancy. During pregnancy, LMWH is routinely prescribed to mothers with an increased risk of VTE or with a history of thrombosis. Although clinical reports of larger offspring born to women administered LMWH have been noted, no studies to date have evaluated or associated the use of LMWH and large for gestational age (LGA) infants. Objectives To determine whether there is an association between LMWH usage in mothers and the prevalence of LGA. Patients/Methods We performed an analysis of the Ottawa and Kingston (OaK) Birth Cohort and report characteristics of LMWH and association LGA (> 10%ile). We used coarsened exact matching (CEM) methods to account for bias and confounding. Results A total of 7519 women from the OaK Birth Cohort were included; 59 were administered LMWH during pregnancy (0.78%). Mothers prescribed LMWH had significantly greater BMI (P = 0.0001), age (P = 0.0001) and parity (P = 0.02). Gestational length was shorter among women administered LMWH compared to those without treatment (37.7 ± 2.0 vs. 39.2 ± 2.0, P < 0.0001), an iatrogenic finding. The odds ratio of an LGA delivery among women administered LMWH was 1.02 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.48-2.16; P = 0.96) in unadjusted analyses and was 1.15 (95% CI, 0.49-2.71) in the matched sample adjusted for maternal age, BMI and gestational age. Conclusions These results, although exploratory, provide indirect evidence of no increased risk of LGA infants among women prescribed LMWH.
Protective Influence of Breastfeeding on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Their Children: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: There is evidence that breastfeeding may provide protection against cardiovascular risk factors in mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and their children who were exposed in utero. RESEARCH AIM: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies to ascertain the effects of breastfeeding on cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and their children exposed in utero. METHODS: Studies assessing conventional cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and children exposed in utero stratified by breastfeeding/no breastfeeding or breastfed/not breastfed were included. Gestational diabetes mellitus was defined based on the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group definition or previous accepted definitions. Breastfeeding was defined as reported in each study. RESULTS: The literature search yielded 260 titles, of which 17 studies were selected to be in the review. Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus who did not breastfeed had higher blood glucose (SMD: 0.32, 95% CI [0.12, 0.53]) and a greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus (RR: 2.08 95% CI [1.44, 3.00]) compared to women with no history. There were not enough studies to conduct a meta-analysis on the effects of breastfeeding on risk factors for cardiovascular disease among children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero. CONCLUSION: Breastfeeding appears to be protective against cardiovascular risk factors among women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus.
The effect of diet quality on the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of diet quality on the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This review included cohort and case-control studies reporting an association between diet quality and gestational diabetes mellitus. We searched PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Embase, PsycINFO, CINAHL Complete, Chinese Periodical Full-text Database, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Chinese Biomedical Literature Database, and China Wanfang Database for studies published from inception to November 18, 2022. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used for quality assessment, and the overall quality of evidence was assessed using the GRADEpro GDT. RESULTS: A total of 19 studies (15 cohort, four case-control) with 108,084 participants were included. We found that better higher diet quality before or during pregnancy reduced the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus, including a higher Mediterranean diet (OR: 0.51; 95% CI: 0.30-0.86), dietary approaches to stop hypertension (OR: 0.66; 95% CI: 0.44-0.97), Alternate Healthy Eating Index (OR: 0.61; 95% CI: 0.44-0.83), overall plant-based diet index (OR: 0.57; 95% CI: 0.41-0.78), and adherence to national dietary guidelines (OR: 0.39; 95% CI:0.31-0.48). However, poorer diet quality increased the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, including a higher dietary inflammatory index (OR: 1.37; 95% CI: 1.21-1.57) and overall low-carbohydrate diets (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.22-1.64). After meta-regression, subgroup, and sensitivity analyses, the results remained statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Before and during pregnancy, higher diet quality reduced the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas poorer diet quality increased this risk. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier: CRD42022372488.
Ultrasonographic measurement of fetal femur length in growth disturbances.; Ultrasonographic measurement of fetal femur length is a recognized technique for determination of gestational age and fetal growth. A total of 280 pregnant women were studied, each of whom had pathologies with the potential to either accelerate or delay fetal growth. There were 1000 measurements of the fetal femur length performed on these 280 fetuses. A total of 125 fetuses were found to have a growth disturbance-91 with asymmetrical intrauterine growth retardation and 34 with macrosomia. Comparison of fetuses with either intrauterine growth retardation or macrosomia with appropriate-for-gestational-age fetuses showed that the femur length is not statistically affected by intrauterine growth abnormalities.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors in the offspring: results from a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: While the association of gestational diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance is beyond doubt, its associations with other cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring are less clearly established. Some of these associations, in particular overweight in the offspring, might be confounded by maternal overweight. METHODS: Data on 12,542 children in the age of 3-17 years with full information about gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal BMI were available from the German nationwide KiGGS study. We calculated linear and logistic regression models for measurements of body composition, blood pressure, HbA(1c) and cholesterol values in the offspring with gestational diabetes mellitus as the explanatory variable, with and without adjustment for maternal BMI. RESULTS: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in the dataset was 2.2%. Unadjusted regression analyses suggested weak positive effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition measurements [e.g. a mean increase in BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) of 0.17 units (95% confidence interval: 0.03, 0.30)]. After adjustment for maternal BMI, the observed associations almost disappeared [e.g. BMI SDS: 0.07 (-0.06, 0.20)]. With respect to blood pressure and cholesterol, no potential effects of gestational diabetes mellitus were observed in both unadjusted and adjusted models. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus does not appear to have a relevant effect on cardiovascular disease correlates such as blood pressure or cholesterol levels in children, and the potential effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition seems to be widely explainable by maternal BMI.
Effect of a high-fat diet on diabetic mother rats and their offspring through three generations.; Pregnant diabetic Wistar rats were fed a high-fat diet starting at the first gestational day. The effect of the high-fat diet on the growth of the female, her offspring, and the offspring's offspring was studied. Pregnant rats (first generation) were divided into the Diabetic streptozotocin-induced group and the control group. Diabetic streptozotocin-induced rats and control rats were fed either a control diet (5% fat in diet) or high-fat diet (32% fat in diet), and observed up to the third generation. In each generation, after weaning, the pups were fed the respective diet. The fat content was mainly animal lard. Diabetic rats fed the high-fat diet were infertile, and the pregnant first-generation and diabetic rats fed the control diet had a stillbirth rate of 27.5 +/- 22.0% (mean +/- SE). In the first generation, the diabetic rats fed the control diet had a significantly lower body weight increase during the pregnancy than the control rats fed the control diet. The second-generation diabetic rats fed the control diet had a high blood glucose level at birth, and their triglyceride level was higher than that in the other two groups. The third-generation diabetic rats fed the control diet had a triglyceride level higher than that of control rats. Delivery was most difficult in diabetic rats fed the high-fat diet. Pups of diabetic rats fed the control diet had growth retardation and increased blood glucose levels. We conclude that when the mother rat had diabetes, the next generation was also affected.
The Association of Specific Dietary Patterns with Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Scoping Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with a significantly increased risk of later type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Post-natal interventions aim to reduce this risk by addressing diet and lifestyle factors and frequently focus on restricting energy or macronutrient intake. With increased interest in the role of complete dietary patterns in the prevention of cardiometabolic disease, we sought to evaluate what is known about the role of dietary patterns in reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with previous GDM. A systematic search was conducted to identify studies relating to dietary pattern and cardiometabolic parameters in women with a history of GDM. The search criteria returned 6014 individual studies. In total, 71 full texts were reviewed, with 24 studies included in the final review. Eleven individual dietary patterns were identified, with the Alternative Health Eating Index (AHEI), Mediterranean diet (MD), and low glycaemic index (GI) as the most commonly featured dietary patterns. Relevant reported outcomes included incident T2DM and glucose tolerance parameters, as well as several cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary patterns which have previously been extensively demonstrated to reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders in the general population, including AHEI, MD, and DASH, were found to be associated with a reduction in the incidence of T2DM, hypertension, and additional risk factors for cardiometabolic disease in women with a history of GDM. Notable gaps in the literature were identified, including the relationship between dietary patterns and incident CVD, as well as the relationship between a low GI diet and the development of T2DM in this population.
Peptidome profiling of umbilical cord plasma associated with gestational diabetes-induced fetal macrosomia.; Fetal macrosomia, defined as a birth weight ≥4000g, may affect 15-45% of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The associations between endogenous peptides and gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia have not been investigated extensively by peptidome analysis. Here, we analyzed the umbilical cord plasma by combining ultrafiltration using molecular weight cut-off filters and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) to investigate potential associations of GDM with macrosomia. As macrosomic babies have increased susceptibility to obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in later life, we also aimed to identify specific biomarkers to detect these future diseases. Thirty pairs of GDM mothers and controls were randomly divided into three subgroups. We identified 235 peptides of around 1000-3000Da, originating from 115 proteins. Analyzing the cleavage sites revealed that these peptides were cleaved in regulation, which may reflect the protease activity and distribution in umbilical cord plasma. Four identified peptides, of 2471.7, 1077.2, 1446.5 and 2372.7Da, were significantly differentially expressed in the GDM macrosomia groups compared with controls, whose precursors may play a critical role in developing GDM macrosomia. We provide for the first time a validated GDM macrosomia peptidome profile and identify potential biomarkers linking the effects of macrosomia to later-life diseases. BIOLOGICAL SIGNIFICANCE: Fetal macrosomia is the predominant adverse outcome of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a frequent medical condition during pregnancy. Till now, the detailed molecular mechanisms underlying gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia are still not elucidated. With high detection sensitivity and high throughput of peptidome technology, it is now possible to systemically identify peptides possibly involved in the umbilical cord plasma of GDM induced macrosomia cases. With LC-MS/MS based quantification, totally, we identified 235 peptides originated from 115 precursor proteins. And four peptides of 2471.7, 1077.2, 1446.5 and 2372.7Da differentially expressed between GDM cases and compared controls. A precursor protein of 1077.2Da was fibrinogen alpha chain (FGA), which was also identified in the Ai et al. [29] study with a downregulated manner in the serum samples of GDM cases. And further analysis the cleavage pattern of the identified peptides revealed that the enzymes in tissues cleaved the protein according to their rules. Thus, this quantitative peptidome approach can identify related peptides that may play a role in the gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia, and give candidate biomarkers contributing to the development of later-life diseases in macrosomic babies.
Impairments in microvascular function and skeletal muscle oxygenation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: links to cardiovascular disease risk factors.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. However, in vivo microvascular endothelial function in GDM has not been investigated. This study aimed to examine, using near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), whether: (1) there are differences in microvascular reactivity and skeletal muscle oxygen consumption (m[Formula: see text]) at rest and during exercise between GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies; and (2) there is an association of NIRS indices with macrovascular function and cardiovascular disease risk factors. METHODS: Twenty-nine pregnant women (13 with GDM and 16 women with uncomplicated pregnancy, 28 ± 2 gestational weeks) underwent arterial stiffness (pulse wave velocity [PWV]) and 24 h ambulatory BP (24 h BP) evaluation. NIRS continuously monitored, non-invasively, changes in muscle oxygenated and deoxygenated haemoglobin and tissue O(2) saturation index (TSI, %) during arterial occlusion/reperfusion and intermittent handgrip exercise. m[Formula: see text] and vascular reactivity indices were calculated. RESULTS: During occlusion and reperfusion, women with GDM exhibited slower TSI response (occlusion slope: -0.06 ± 0.02 vs -0.10 ± 0.04, in GDM and controls, respectively; reperfusion slope: 0.65 ± 0.26 vs 1.05 ± 0.41, respectively), lower m[Formula: see text] (1.3 ± 1.2 vs 3.8 ± 2.3 μmol l(-1) min(-1)) and blunted hyperaemia (ΔTSI 6.8 ± 2.9 vs 9.5 ± 3.4) compared with controls (p < 0.01). Despite similar handgrip strength in the GDM and control groups (29.1 ± 8.1 vs 26.2 ± 10.4 kg, respectively), during repeated forearm contractions, women with GDM presented a blunted TSI response (6.5 ± 3.9 vs 19.2 ± 10.9; p < 0.01) and a reduced capacity to maintain the predetermined handgrip (23.4 ± 2.9 vs 27.4 ± 3.8%, p < 0.05). NIRS indices correlated with PWV, 24 h BP and blood glucose concentration earlier in pregnancy (r = 0.40-0.60; p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Women with GDM exhibited a characteristic blunted TSI curve, showing alterations in muscle oxygenation and microvascular responsiveness compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies. These alterations were manifested during exercise and possibly contribute to the reduced exercise tolerance in GDM. NIRS indices correlated with macrovascular indices (arterial stiffness) and 24 h BP.
Malformations among infants of mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes: Is there a recognizable pattern of abnormalities?; BACKGROUND: Infants of diabetic mothers have been shown in several studies to have an increased frequency of malformations. In previous studies, an increased frequency of several specific malformations has been noted, including anencephaly, bilateral renal agenesis, and double outlet right ventricle. Surveillance, used to identify all malformed infants in a consecutive sample of births, can identify a distinctive pattern of malformations among the affected infants. METHODS: The infants of insulin-dependent, pregestational diabetic mothers were identified in the daily review of the medical records of each newborn infant with a malformation and her/his mother's medical record. Infants of mothers with gestational diabetes were excluded. The frequency of each malformation was compared to that among the malformed infants of nondiabetic mothers. RESULTS: One hundred and eighty-three malformed infants of diabetic mothers were identified among the 289,365 births. The most notable malformations were: neural tube defects (anencephaly, 9%), heart defects (transposition of great arteries, 4%), bilateral renal agenesis or dysgenesis (6%), and vertebral anomalies (hemivertebrae, 4%). CONCLUSIONS: There was a recognizable pattern of malformations and characteristics of infants of diabetic mothers, although there was variation in the pattern among affected infants. Some of the malformations in the diabetic embryopathy can be identified in prenatal screening by ultrasound. More important, their occurrence can be reduced significantly by the mother achieving much better control of her diabetes mellitus prior to conception.
Effects of identifying a high risk population.; Gestational diabetic women who are at greater risk for perinatal loss include those patients with the history of a previous intrauterine death, an elevated fasting glucose level, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or prolonged gestation. These patients do require a program of antepartum fetal surveillance to prevent intrauterine deaths. Within the broad category of gestational diabetes, however, another group of patients may be defined who can be followed safely to term with no higher perinatal mortality than that observed in the general population. Such women have been designated Class A diabetic by White, indicating that they have normal fasting glucose levels, an abnormal oral glucose tolerance test, and require only minimal dietary regulation. Fasting glucose levels must be followed closely in Class A patients to detect those who develop overt diabetes.
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study based on the Korean population.; BACKGROUND: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a non-traditional lipid parameter that can reflect the burden of atherosclerosis. A lipid profile resembling atherosclerosis emerged during pregnancy. Although lipid metabolism is pivotal in diabetes pathogenesis, there is no evidence linking AIP to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, our objective was to explore the relationship between AIP and GDM and assess AIP's predictive capability for GDM. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis based on data from a prospective cohort study in Korea involving 585 single pregnant women. AIP was calculated as log10 (TG/HDL). We examined the relationship between AIP and GDM using logistic regression models, curve fitting, sensitivity analyses, and subgroup analyses. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was also used to determine the ability of AIP to predict GDM. RESULTS: The average age of the participants was 32.06 ± 3.76 years. The AIP was 0.24 ± 0.20 on average. The GDM incidence was 6.15%. After adjustment for potentially confounding variables, AIP showed a positive linear relationship with GDM (P for non-linearity: 0.801, OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.27-1.97). The robustness of the connection between AIP and GDM was demonstrated by sensitivity analyses and subgroup analyses. An area under the ROC curve of 0.7879 (95% CI 0.7087-0.8671) indicates that AIP is an excellent predictor of GDM. With a specificity of 75.41% and sensitivity of 72.22%, the ideal AIP cut-off value for identifying GDM was 0.3557. CONCLUSIONS: This study revealed that the AIP at 10-14 weeks of gestation was independently and positively correlated with GDM risk. AIP could serve as an early screening and monitoring tool for pregnant women at high risk of GDM, thereby optimizing GDM prevention strategies. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov registration no. NCT02276144.
Preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes - The evidence and potential strategies.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus is a condition strongly related to the development of type 2 diabetes later in life, although the risk and the onset have not been fully identified yet. Although glucose tolerance returns to normal levels after delivery in the majority of women with GDM, this condition represents an early stage in the natural history of T2DM. In addition, women with previous GDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and a raised incidence of cardiovascular diseases. Lifestyle changes and pharmacological interventions might be able to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in pGDM women, although results are still not conclusive. Long term continuous programs specifically addressed to women with pGDM should be implemented, with the ambitious target to encourage them to regularly check glucose tolerance, lipid profile and other parameters related to cardiovascular diseases, aimed at improving women's health. In this paper, we review the relationship between type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and a history of GDM.
Barriers and facilitators of cardiovascular disease prevention services for women with prior gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in low-income, middle-income and high-income settings: a scoping review protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Women with previous pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although CVD screening and preventive care beginning in the early postpartum period are recommended, certain barriers limit access to such services. We plan to conduct a scoping review of the literature to explore and summarise evidence on the barriers and facilitators of postpartum CVD preventive services in women with a history of GDM and HDP. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This scoping review will be conducted in line with the Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) methodological framework and the Joanna Briggs Institute guidance for conducting a systematic scoping review and will follow the Evidence for Policy and Practice Information and the Coordinating Centre at the Institute of Education guidelines. The review results will be reported using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR) checklist. We will search the following databases: Medline, Embase and CINAHL. We will conduct grey literature searches for registered dissertations and theses. Inclusion and exclusion criteria will be kept broad. Qualitative and quantitative studies published in English or French that investigated and reported percieved barriers or facilitators to postpartum CVD screening and preventive care among women with previous GDM and HDP will be included. Individual, interpersonal, organizational, and system level factors will be reported. Qualitative findings will be summarised narratively, and quantitative findings will be absorbed within the themes using the multisource synthesis method. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This review represents one objective of a larger project that was reviewed by the Ottawa Health Sciences Network Research Ethics Board (QI-184). We will disseminate knowledge emanating from this review through open-access publication, presentation/public forums on women's cardiovascular health, women's CVD prevention forums and social media. We will also present the findings of this review at the annual meeting of the Canadian Women's Heart Health Alliance.
Impaired Angiogenic Function of Fetal Endothelial Progenitor Cells via PCDH10 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Maternal hyperglycemia, induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has detrimental effects on fetal vascular development, ultimately increasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases in offspring. The potential underlying mechanisms through which these complications occur are due to functional impairment and epigenetic changes in fetal endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), which remain less defined. We confirm that intrauterine hyperglycemia leads to the impaired angiogenic function of fetal EPCs, as observed through functional assays of outgrowth endothelial cells (OECs) derived from fetal EPCs of GDM pregnancies (GDM-EPCs). Notably, PCDH10 expression is increased in OECs derived from GDM-EPCs, which is associated with the inhibition of angiogenic function in fetal EPCs. Additionally, increased PCDH10 expression is correlated with the hypomethylation of the PCDH10 promoter. Our findings demonstrate that in utero exposure to GDM can induce angiogenic dysfunction in fetal EPCs through altered gene expression and epigenetic changes, consequently increasing the susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases in the offspring of GDM mothers.
Doppler flow parameters in orbital arteries in gestational diabetes mellitus patients.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the blood flow in orbital arteries in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIAL: We have examined 65 GDM patients and 38 healthy pregnant women at 28-32 weeks. Doppler parameters were assessed in ophthalmic, central retinal and short posterior ciliary arteries. RESULTS: In ophthalmic arteries V2 was significantly higher and RI lower in GDM. In the subgroup treated with insulin V1 and V2 in ciliary artery and V2 in central retinal artery were significantly lower and PI in ciliary artery was higher when compared to subgroup on diet. CONCLUSION: Doppler examination can be useful in detection of pre-clinical ophthalmological changes in GDM patients.
Prediction and prevention of the macrosomic fetus.; Fetal macrosomia is associated with significant maternal and neonatal morbidity. In the long term, infants who are large for gestational age are more likely than other infants to be obese in childhood, adolescence and early adulthood, and are inherently at higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic complications in adulthood. With over one billion adults in the world now overweight and more than 600 million clinically obese, preventing the vicious cycle effect of fetal macrosomia and childhood obesity is an increasingly pertinent issue. Fetal growth is determined by a complex interplay of various genetic and environmental influences. Consequently the prediction of pregnancies at risk of pathological overgrowth is difficult. Many risk factors for fetal macrosomia, such as maternal obesity and advanced maternal age, are also conversely associated with intrauterine growth restriction. Sonographic detection of fetal macrosomia is notoriously fraught with difficulties, with dozens of formulas for estimated fetal weight proposed but few with sufficient sensitivity to alter clinical practice. This calls into question policies of elective delivery based on projected estimated fetal weight cut-offs alone. More recently the identification of markers of fetal adiposity and maternal serum biomarkers are being investigated to improve the antenatal detection of the large for gestational age fetus. Prevention of fetal macrosomia is entirely dependent upon correct identification of those at risk. Maternal weight, gestational weight gain and glycaemic control are the risk factors for fetal macrosomia that are most amenable to intervention, and have potential maternal health benefits beyond pregnancy and childbirth. The ideal method of optimising maternal weight and glucose homeostasis is yet to be elucidated, though a number of promising advances are recently being reported. In this review we outline the contemporary evidence for the prediction and prevention of fetal macrosomia, which is indeed a contemporary dilemma.
Subclinical inflammation associated with prolonged TIMP-1 upregulation and arterial stiffness after gestational diabetes mellitus: a hospital-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has significant implications for the future health of the mother. Some clinical studies have suggested subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction after GDM. We aimed to study whether concentrations of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1), matrix metalloproteinase-8 (MMP-8) and -9, as well as values of arterial stiffness differ between women with and without a history of GDM a few years after delivery. We also investigated possible effects of obesity on the results. METHODS: We studied two cohorts-120 women with a history of GDM and 120 controls-on average 3.7 years after delivery. Serum concentrations of hsCRP were determined by immunonephelometric and immunoturbidimetric methods, MMP-8 by immunofluorometric assay, and MMP-9 and TIMP-1 by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) was determined using the foot-to-foot velocity method from carotid and femoral waveforms by using a SphygmoCor device. Arterial compliance was measured non-invasively by an HDI/PulseWave™CR-2000 arterial tonometer. All 240 women were also included in subgroup analyses to study the effect of obesity on the results. Multiple linear regression analyses were performed with adjustment for confounding factors. RESULTS: PWV after pregnancy complicated by GDM was significantly higher than after normal pregnancy, 6.44 ± 0.83 (SD) vs. 6.17 ± 0.74 m/s (p = 0.009). Previous GDM was also one of the significant determinants of PWV in multiple linear regression analyses. On the other hand, compliance indices of both large (p = 0.092) and small (p = 0.681) arteries did not differ between the study cohorts. Serum TIMP-1 levels were significantly increased after previous GDM (p = 0.020). However, no differences were found in the serum levels of MMP-8, MMP-9 or hsCRP. In subgroup analyses, there were significantly higher concentrations of hsCRP (p = 0.015) and higher PWV (p < 0.001) among obese women compared with non-obese ones. CONCLUSIONS: PWV values were significantly higher after GDM compared with normoglycemic pregnancies and were associated with prolonged TIMP-1 upregulation. Cardiovascular risk factors were more common in participants with high BMI than in those with previous GDM.
[Acute cerebral ischemic disease in patients under the age of 50].; The authors analysed clinically 108 patients (61 males and 47 females), aged below 50 years treated at the department of neurology, because of acute cerebral ischaemia. Attention is called to risk factors such as arterial hypertension, heart disease, atherosclerosis, obesity and diabetes which may be the cause of earlier development of ischaemic changes in the central nervous system. In the analysed group in 18 cases cerebral thrombosis, in 23 cases embolism, in 31 cerebral circulatory failure were diagnosed. In 36 cases the cause could not have been established.
Adenosine kinase and cardiovascular fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a detrimental condition for human pregnancy associated with endothelial dysfunction and endothelial inflammation in the fetoplacental vasculature and leads to increased cardio-metabolic risk in the offspring. In the fetoplacental vasculature, GDM is associated with altered adenosine metabolism. Adenosine is an important vasoactive molecule and is an intermediary and final product of transmethylation reactions in the cell. Adenosine kinase is the major regulator of adenosine levels. Disruption of this enzyme is associated with alterations in methylation-dependent gene expression regulation mechanisms, which are associated with the fetal programming phenomenon. Here we propose that cellular and molecular alterations associated with GDM can dysregulate adenosine kinase leading to fetal programming in the fetoplacental vasculature. This can contribute to the cardio-metabolic long-term consequences observed in offspring after exposure to GDM.
Statistical analysis of perinatal outcomes in pregnancy complicated with diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the outcomes of pregnancies complicated with diabetes mellitus (DM) in the maternal and perinatal center of Tokyo Women's Medical College (TWMC), and compare the results with reports of other countries. METHODS: A retrospective study of 482 cases of DM pregnancies were included over a 13-year period in a tertiary care hospital in Tokyo. Information were obtained from medical records of both mothers and babies. RESULTS: The prevalence of pregnancies complicated with DM was 5.1%. Preeclampsia developed in 124 cases at a rate of 25.8%. Incidence of preterm delivery was 16.6%. Caesarean sections were performed in 36.7% patients. There were significant differences of caesarean section rates between diabetic complication group (retinopathy and nephropathy) and non-complication group (69.5% vs 30.5%, p < 0.0001), and between preterm and term deliveries (60.0% vs 32.1%, p < 0.0001). Maternal backgrounds significantly involved with preterm delivery were DM nephropathy and severe preeclampsia. Babies with heavy for gestational age (HGA) were observed at a rate of 21% in all. There were 3 perinatal deaths (intrauterine fetal deaths, IUFD) with the perinatal mortality rate of 6.1/1,000 births. The incidence of caesarean section and perinatal mortality rate of non-DM pregnancies in our center during the same study period were 16.3% and 7.7/1,000 births respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The perinatal outcome in our study was better compared to other worldwide reports. With accurate perinatal management, perinatal mortality rate of DM pregnancies in the current study was almost same as that of non-DM pregnancies in our center. The main factors to promote adverse perinatal outcomes were presence of DM nephropathy and severe preeclampsia.
Fetal cardiac geometry and function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus using Fetal HQ.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether abnormal cardiac shape and ventricular global, transverse, and longitudinal contractility are present in fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM. METHODS: A prospective observational study was performed on 80 fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM and 90 control fetuses. Using Fetal HQ, a new speckle-tracking technique, cardiac shape, global contractility, transverse contractility, and longitudinal contractility were calculated. The number and percentage of fetuses with z score values below 5th or above 95th were computed. RESULTS: Compared with controls, there were no significant differences in the frequency of cardiac geometric abnormalities in GDM fetuses. Despite good glycemic control, 60.0% of fetuses in the well-controlled GDM group had one or more types of global, longitudinal, and transverse contractility abnormalities of one or both ventricles, but more frequent on the right ventricle (RV, 50%). The most frequent abnormality of the RV occurred in the transverse contractility (35%), followed by abnormalities of global contractility (25%), and longitudinal contractility (21.3%), compared with controls. The left ventricle (LV) analysis demonstrated that the percentage of study fetuses with only transverse contractility abnormality (18.8%) was significantly higher. CONCLUSIONS: Despite good glycemic control, abnormal ventricular contractility was present in fetuses of women with GDM, but more frequent in the RV. For both the RV and LV, transverse ventricular contractility abnormality were more prevalent than abnormal global and longitudinal contractility. Fetuses of women with GDM should be evaluated for ventricular contractility abnormality and have more follow-ups despite good glycemic control.
Do variations in insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion in pregnancy predict differences in obstetric and neonatal outcomes?; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is generally defined based on glycaemia during an OGTT, but aetiologically includes women with defects in insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity or a combination of both. In this observational study, we aimed to determine if underlying pathophysiological defects evaluated as continuous variables predict the risk of important obstetric and neonatal outcomes better than the previously used dichotomised or categorical approaches. METHODS: Using data from blinded OGTTs at mean gestational week 28 from five Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study centres, we estimated insulin secretion (Stumvoll first phase) and sensitivity (Matsuda index) and their product (oral disposition index [DI]) in 6337 untreated women (1090 [17.2%] with GDM as defined by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups). Rather than dichotomising these variables (i.e. GDM yes/no) or subtyping by insulin impairment, we related insulin secretion and sensitivity as continuous variables, along with other maternal characteristics, to obstetric and neonatal outcomes using multiple regression and receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. RESULTS: Stratifying by GDM subtype offered superior prediction to GDM yes/no only for neonatal hyperinsulinaemia and pregnancy-related hypertension. Including the DI and the Matsuda score significantly increased the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) and improved prediction for multiple outcomes (large for gestational age [AUROC 0.632], neonatal adiposity [AUROC 0.630], pregnancy-related hypertension [AUROC 0.669] and neonatal hyperinsulinaemia [AUROC 0.688]). Neonatal hypoglycaemia was poorly predicted by all models. Combining the DI and the Matsuda score with maternal characteristics substantially improved the predictive power of the model for large for gestational age, neonatal adiposity and pregnancy-related hypertension. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Continuous measurement of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity combined with basic clinical variables appeared to be superior to GDM (yes/no) or subtyping by insulin secretion and/or sensitivity impairment in predicting obstetric and neonatal outcomes in a multi-ethnic cohort. Graphical abstract.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal right heart growth in late-term pregnancy: A prospective study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy strongly associated with an increased risk of structural fetal abnormalities. As the fetal heart grows quickly during the late-term pregnancy period, it is important to understand fetal heart growth before birth. This study explored how GDM affects fetal heart growth by evaluating basic echocardiography indicators during late pregnancy. METHODS: This prospective, longitudinal study included 63 GDM patients (GDM group) and 67 healthy pregnant women (control group). All subjects underwent fetal echocardiography scans at gestational weeks 28-32, 32-36, and 36-40. Twelve echocardiographic indicators were assessed at each observation and analyzed by using a mixed model. RESULTS: The left atrial diameter (LA) and left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LV) similarly increased from the first to the third observation. The right ventricular end-diastolic diameter (RV) was significantly different between the groups, and a group × time interaction was detected. The tricuspid annular peak systolic velocity (s') increased more rapidly in the GDM than the control group during the first to second observations, and the group × time interaction was significant. The increase in the tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) of the GDM group was "slow-fast", while that of the control group was "fast-slow", during three observations. After adjusting covariates, the group difference and interaction effect of TAPSE and RV remained significant. CONCLUSIONS: The differences in fetal right heart indicators between the GDM and control groups suggest that GDM may affect the structure and functional growth of the fetal right heart during late-term pregnancy.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes after bariatric surgery; a systematic review and meta-analysis: do the benefits outweigh the risks?; OBJECTIVE DATA: Obesity during pregnancy is associated with a number of adverse obstetric outcomes that include gestational diabetes mellitus, macrosomia, and preeclampsia. Increasing evidence shows that bariatric surgery may decrease the risk of these outcomes. Our aim was to evaluate the benefits and risks of bariatric surgery in obese women according to obstetric outcomes. STUDY: We performed a systematic literature search using MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane, Web of Science, and PubMed from inception up to December 12, 2016. Studies were included if they evaluated patients who underwent bariatric surgery, reported subsequent pregnancy outcomes, and compared these outcomes with a control group. STUDY APPRAISAL AND SYNTHESIS METHODS: Two reviewers extracted study outcomes independently, and risk of bias was assessed with the use of the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. Pooled odds ratios for each outcome were estimated with the Dersimonian and Laird random effects model. RESULTS: After a review of 2616 abstracts, 20 cohort studies and approximately 2.8 million subjects (8364 of whom had bariatric surgery) were included in the metaanalysis. In our primary analysis, patients who underwent bariatric surgery showed reduced rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 0.20; 95% confidence interval, 0.11-0.37, number needed to benefit, 5), large-for-gestational-age infants (odds ratio, 0.31; 95% confidence interval, 0.17-0.59; number needed to benefit, 6), gestational hypertension (odds ratio, 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.19-0.76; number needed to benefit, 11), all hypertensive disorders (odds ratio, 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.27-0.53; number needed to benefit, 8), postpartum hemorrhage (odds ratio, 0.32; 95% confidence interval, 0.08-1.37; number needed to benefit, 21), and caesarean delivery rates (odds ratio, 0.50; 95% confidence interval, 0.38-0.67; number needed to benefit, 9); however, group of patients showed an increase in small-for-gestational-age infants (odds ratio, 2.16; 95% confidence interval, 1.34-3.48; number needed to harm, 21), intrauterine growth restriction (odds ratio, 2.16; 95% confidence interval, 1.34-3.48; number needed to harm, 66), and preterm deliveries (odds ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.79; number needed to harm, 35) when compared with control subjects who were matched for presurgery body mass index. There were no differences in rates of preeclampsia, neonatal intensive care unit admissions, stillbirths, malformations, and neonatal death. Malabsorptive surgeries resulted in a greater increase in small-for-gestational-age infants (P=.0466) and a greater decrease in large-for-gestational-age infants (P=<.0001) compared with restrictive surgeries. There were no differences in outcomes when we used administrative databases vs clinical charts. CONCLUSION: Although bariatric surgery is associated with a reduction in the risk of several adverse obstetric outcomes, there is a potential for an increased risk of other important outcomes that should be considered when bariatric surgery is discussed with reproductive-age women.
Doppler velocimetry of the umbilical artery in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to investigate vascular resistance by Doppler ultrasound in the umbilical artery of insulin-dependent diabetics longitudinally over the course of pregnancy. Special interest was put on the effects of glycemic control and maternal vascular disease on the flow velocity waveform (FVW) and the predictive value of Doppler flow measurements with regard to perinatal morbidity. Using a duplex-pulsed wave scanner, the resistance-index (PR index) in the umbilical artery was calculated. The mean value of a 24-h blood glucose profile and the concentration of glycosylated hemoglobin (HBA1C) were used as parameters of metabolic control. 53 pregnant diabetic women were examined longitudinally during the course of pregnancy on average on three occasions (range: 1-7) between 17 weeks of gestation and delivery at 37.7 +/- 1.3 (mean +/- SD) weeks. To test the predictive value of Doppler flow velocimetry with regard to perinatal morbidity the results were compared to the FVWs measured in the umbilical arteries of 30 non-diabetic women with normal fetal outcome. Vascular resistance in the umbilical artery of the diabetics declined significantly during the course of pregnancy, with a mean PR index of 0.729 (SD 0.051) at 17 weeks and 0.603 (SD 0.083) at the end of pregnancy (P < 0.002). The majority of PR indices were within the range reported for normal pregnancy and measured in the non-diabetic women. Regression analysis showed no significant correlation between vascular resistance and mean blood glucose level (r = 0.1325) or concentration of HBA1C (r = -0.0519). Maternal vascular disease had no effect on umbilical FVWs.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Diabetes in the indigenous population of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.; Diabetes prevalence and complications rates were examined for the indigenous population of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in the western Pacific. Diabetes is common, with 4% of the population and 11% of adults having diagnosed diabetes. Diabetes is more common among females and islanders of Carolinian descent. End stage renal disease, hospitalizations for pneumonia, non-traumatic lower extremity amputations and retinopathy are more common than expected (with relative risks of 3.9, 3.0, 1.5 and 1.3, respectively, compared with diabetics in US), while diabetes-related mortality and hospitalizations for ischemic heart disease/cerebrovascular disease are less (with relative risks of 0.9 and 0.8). Implications for primary and secondary prevention of diabetes and its complications are discussed.
[Fetal programming: prevention of perinatal acquired predispositions of diseases in later life].; Alterations of the metabolic and hormonal environment of the fetus may cause predispositions to the development of disorders and diseases in later life. The timing, duration, severity, and type of insult during development determines the specific physiological outcome. Intrauterine programming of physiological systems occurs at the gene, cell, tissue, organ, and system levels and causes permanent structural and functional changes. Elevated insulin concentrations during critical periods of perinatal life may induce a lasting 'malprogramming' of neuroendocrine systems regulating body weight, food intake, and metabolism. Similar characteristics may occur due to perinatal hyperleptinism, hypercortisolism. Diagnosis and therapy of gestational diabetes in time may prevent metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in later life. This concept has new important implications for chances and challenges of perinatal preventive medicine in the future.
[Patient with postpartum seizures: differential diagnosis].; Pre-eclampsia is a serious obstetric complication associated with a high rate of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. We report the case of a woman with a medical history of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and seizures possibly related to hypoglycemia who was admitted for an emergency cesarian due to severe pre-eclampsia and macrosomic fetus. In the first hour after delivery she experienced loss of consciousness and seizure, with vaginal bleeding and hypovolemic shock. Maximum vigilance is required for a patient with several concomitant diseases and a high-risk pregnancy. All prophylactic measures to lower the risk to mother and fetus should be undertaken. We analyze preanesthetic assessment, differential diagnosis, and choice of anesthesia in relation to this case.
Consequences of being overweight or obese during pregnancy on diabetes in the offspring: a record linkage study in Aberdeen, Scotland.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Maternal obesity in pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular disease and mortality rate in the offspring. We aimed to determine whether maternal obesity is also associated with increased incidence of type 2 and type 1 diabetes in the offspring, independently of maternal diabetes as a candidate mechanistic pathway. METHODS: Birth records of 118,201 children from 1950 to 2011 in the Aberdeen Maternity and Neonatal Databank were linked to Scottish Care Information-Diabetes, the national register for diagnosed diabetes in Scotland, to identify incident and prevalent type 1 and type 2 diabetes up to 1 January 2012. Maternal BMI was calculated from height and weight measured at the first antenatal visit. The effect of maternal obesity on offspring outcomes was tested using time-to-event analysis with Cox proportional hazards regression to compare outcomes in offspring of mothers in underweight, overweight or obese categories of BMI, compared with offspring of women with normal BMI. RESULTS: Offspring of obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)) and overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2)) mothers had an increased hazard of type 2 diabetes compared with mothers with normal BMI, after adjustment for gestation when weight was measured, maternal history of diabetes before pregnancy, maternal history of hypertension, age at delivery, parity, socioeconomic status, and sex of the offspring: HR 3.48 (95% CI 2.33, 5.06) and HR 1.39 (1.06, 1.83), respectively. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Maternal obesity is associated with increased incidence of type 2 diabetes in the offspring. Evidence-based strategies that reduce obesity among women of reproductive age and that might reduce the incidence of diabetes in their offspring are urgently required.
Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that affects one in seven pregnancies. Emerging evidence demonstrates that children born of pregnancies complicated by GDM may be at increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to GDM in utero. PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Information was extracted on established CVD risk factors including blood pressure, lipids, blood glucose, fasting insulin, body mass index (BMI), and endothelial/microvascular function. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42018094983). Prospective and retrospective studies comparing offspring exposed to GDM compared to controls (non-GDM pregnancies) were considered. We included studies that defined GDM based on the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) definition, or prior definitions. The PRISMA guidelines were followed in conducting this systematic review. Methodological quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were done by two independent reviewers. The data were pooled using a random-effects model. Of 59 eligible studies, 24 were included in the meta-analysis. Offspring exposed to GDM had higher systolic blood pressure (mean difference (MD): 1.75 mmHg, 95% CI 0.57-2.94; eight studies, 7264 participants), BMI z-score (MD 0.11, 95% CI 0.02-0.20; nine studies, 8759 participants), and glucose (standard MD 0.43, 95% CI 0.08-0.77; 11 studies, 6423 participants) than control participants. In conclusion, offspring exposed to GDM have elevated systolic blood pressure, BMI, and glucose. Those exposed to GDM in utero may benefit from early childhood blood pressure measurements.
Divergent Trajectories of Cardiovascular Risk Factors in the Years Before Pregnancy in Women With and Without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Population-Based Study.; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, which has been attributed to an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is apparent even within the first year postpartum. Given its presence in the early postpartum, we hypothesized that this adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile may develop over time in the years before pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and two or more measurements of the following analytes between 2007 and the start of pregnancy: A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, lipids, and transaminases. This population consisted of 8,047 women who developed GDM and 93,114 women who did not. RESULTS: The two most recent pregravid tests were performed at a median of 0.61 years and 1.86 years before pregnancy, respectively. Women who went on to develop GDM had higher pregravid A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and ALT and lower HDL cholesterol than their peers (all P < 0.0001). Notably, in the years before pregnancy, women who went on to develop GDM had higher annual increases than their peers in A1C (1.9-fold higher) (difference 0.0089%/year [95% CI 0.0043-0.0135]) and random glucose (4.3-fold), greater annual decrease in HDL cholesterol (5.5-fold), and lesser annual decline in LDL cholesterol (0.4-fold) (all P ≤ 0.0002). During this time, fasting glucose and triglycerides increased in women who developed GDM but decreased in their peers (both P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with GDM evolves over time in the years before pregnancy.
Impact of maternal diabetes on epigenetic modifications leading to diseases in the offspring.; Gestational diabetes, occurring during the hyperglycemic period of pregnancy in maternal life, is a pathologic state that increases the incidence of complications in both mother and fetus. Offspring thus exposed to an adverse fetal and early postnatal environment may manifest increased susceptibility to a number of chronic diseases later in life. Compelling evidence for the role of epigenetic transmission in these complications has come from comparison of siblings born before and after the development of maternal diabetes, exposure to this intrauterine diabetic environment being shown to cause alterations in fetal growth patterns which predispose these infants to developing overweight and obesity later in life. Diabetes of the offspring is also mainly the consequence of exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment, in addition to genetic susceptibility. Since obesity and diabetes are known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular sequelae in the offspring of diabetic mothers are virtually inevitable. Research data also suggest that exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment during pregnancy is associated with an increase in dyslipidemia, subclinical vascular inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction processes in the offspring, all of which are linked with development of cardiovascular disease later in life. The main underlying mechanisms involve persistent hyperglycemia hyperinsulinemia and leptin resistance.
Associations of elevated glucose levels at each time point during OGTT with fetal congenital heart diseases: a cohort study of 72,236 births.; BACKGROUND: It remains unclear how the condition of glucose metabolism during pregnancy affects fetal outcomes. This study aimed to investigate the associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and elevated glucose levels at each time point during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with congenital heart disease (CHD) risk in offspring. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of mothers with singleton pregnancies of 20 weeks or more registered at Maternal and Child Health Centers in Fujian Province, China. The OGTT results and offspring CHD occurrence were collected. We used logistic regression to analyse the association between elevated blood glucose at each time point during OGTT and CHD. RESULTS: A total of 71,703 normal and 533 CHD fetuses were included. Compared to the corresponding normal group, women with GDM, elevated blood glucose at different time points in OGTT (0 h ≥ 5.1 mmol/L, 1 h ≥ 10 mmol/L, and 2 h ≥ 8.5 mmol/L) showed an increased risk of CHD in offspring (adjusted OR = 1.41, 1.36, 1.37, and 1.41, all P < 0.05, respectively). Compared to group 1 (normal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), the risk of CHD was higher in group 3 (normal OGTT 0 h and abnormal OGTT 1 h or 2 h) and group 4 (abnormal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), OR = 1.53 and 2.21, all P < 0.05, respectively. Moreover, we divided participants by advanced maternal age, multipara, assisted reproduction, fetal sex, and others, similar associations were observed in the subgroup analyses. CONCLUSION: Elevated blood glucose at different time points during OGTT was associated with CHD in offspring. Fetuses of pregnant women with GDM should be screened for a high risk of CHD.
Cardiovascular disease risk unmasked by pregnancy complications.; Pregnancy related complications indicate a propensity for atherosclerotic disease. Epidemiologic data demonstrate early onset cardiovascular disease in women with a history of pregnancy loss, preterm pregnancy or pregnancy complicated by intrauterine growth restriction. Early onset diabetes, increased rates of MI and increased rates of stroke are more prevalent after gestational diabetes. In addition, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mark significant pathophysiologic changes, including vascular dysfunction and immunologic changes, which induce atherogenesis and result in a substantial increase in rates of stroke, ischemic heart disease and cardiac mortality. Metabolic, endothelial and inflammatory changes are responsible for either the early onset or early recognition of cardiovascular disease propensity in patients who experience a complicated pregnancy. Therefore, the American Heart Association guidelines recognize pregnancy related complications as an independent risk factor for heart disease. This review informs physicians of epidemiologic data and, guideline recommendations and is meant to guide physicians in early interventions including provider education, routine post-partum multidisciplinary (primary care, obstetrics, cardiology) evaluation, risk factor monitoring and control after a complicated pregnancy.
Gestational Diabetes Affects the Growth and Functions of Perivascular Stem Cells.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one of the common metabolic disorders of pregnancy, leads to functional alterations in various cells including stem cells as well as some abnormalities in fetal development. Perivascular stem cells (PVCs) have gained more attention in recent years, for the treatment of various diseases. However, the effect of GDM on PVC function has not been investigated. In our study, we isolated PVCs from umbilical cord of normal pregnant women and GDM patients and compared their phenotypes and function. There is no significant difference in phenotypic expression, response to bFGF exposure and adipogenic differentiation capacity between normal (N)-PVCs and GDM-PVCs. However, when compared with N-PVCs, early passage GDM-PVCs displayed decreased initial rates of cell yield and proliferation as well as a reduced ability to promote wound closure. These results suggest that maternal metabolic dysregulation during gestation can alter the function of endogenous multipotent stem cells, which may impact their therapeutic effectiveness.
Impact of pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus on congenital anomalies, Canada, 2002-2012.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (DM) on the population birth prevalence of congenital anomalies in Canada. METHODS: We carried out a population-based study of all women who delivered in Canadian hospitals (except those in the province of Quebec) between April 2002 and March 2013 and their live-born infants with a birth weight of 500 grams or more and/or a gestational age of 22 weeks or more. Pre-pregnancy type 1 or type 2 DM was identified using ICD-10 diagnostic codes. The association between DM and all congenital anomalies as well as specific congenital anomaly categories was estimated using adjusted odds ratios; the impact was calculated as a population attributable risk percent (PAR%). RESULTS: There were 118,892 infants with a congenital anomaly among 2,839,680 live births (41.9 per 1000). While the prevalence of any congenital anomaly declined from 50.7 per 1000 live births in 2002/03 to 41.5 per 1000 in 2012/13, the corresponding PAR% for a congenital anomaly related to pre-pregnancy DM rose from 0.6% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.4-0.8) to 1.2% (95% CI: 0.9-1.4). Specifically, the PAR% for congenital cardiovascular defects increased from 2.3% (95% CI: 1.7-2.9) to 4.2% (95% CI: 3.5-4.9) and for gastrointestinal defects from 0.8% (95% CI: 0.2-1.9) to 1.4% (95% CI: 0.7-2.6) over the study period. CONCLUSION: Although there has been a relative decline in the prevalence of congenital anomalies in Canada, the proportion of congenital anomalies due to maternal pre-pregnancy DM has increased. Enhancement of preconception care initiatives for women with DM is recommended.
Studies to Improve Perinatal Health through Diet and Lifestyle among South Asian Women Living in Canada: A Brief History and Future Research Directions.; South Asians (i.e., people who originate from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bangladesh) have higher cardiovascular disease rates than other populations, and these differences persist in their offspring. Nutrition is a critical lifestyle-related factor that influences fetal development, and infant and child health in early life. In high-income countries such as Canada, nutrition-related health risks arise primarily from overnutrition, most strikingly for obesity and associated non-communicable diseases. Evidence for developmental programming during fetal life underscores the critical influence of maternal diet on fetal growth and development, backed by several birth cohort studies including the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, the South Asian Birth Cohort Study, and the Born in Bradford Study. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes, future atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease in the mother and increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in her offspring. Non-pharmacological trials to prevent gestational diabetes are few, often not randomized, and are heterogeneous with respect to design, and outcomes have not converged upon a single optimal prevention strategy. The aim of this review is to provide an understanding of the current knowledge around perinatal nutrition and gestational diabetes among the high-risk South Asian population as well as summarize our research activities investigating the role of culturally-tailored nutrition advice to South Asian women living in high-income settings such as Canada. In this paper, we describe these qualitative and quantitative studies, both completed and underway. We conclude with a description of the design of a randomized trial of a culturally tailored personalized nutrition intervention to reduce gestational glycaemia in South Asian women living in Canada and its implications.
[Correlation between neonatal mortality and hyperinsulinema].; The authors investigated the correlation among the severity of maternal diabetes, the tight control of the maternal blood glucose concentration and the neonatal morbidity. Umbilical cord insulin level were measured in 115 newborns, 40 of them have diabetic mother. There were significant different in the serum insulin level between the low and high morbidity group. The authors suggest the importance of the tight blood glucose control during pregnancy, the diagnostic value of cardiological ultrasound to decrease the neonatal morbidity.
Gestational diabetes: implications for cardiovascular health.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that is becoming more prevalent with recent population trends in obesity and advancing maternal age. A diagnosis of GDM not only increases risk for maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy, but also significantly increases a woman's risk of both type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the postpartum. Even women with milder forms of abnormal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy, specifically gestational impaired glucose tolerance, are at increased risk, justifying the recent recommendation to tighten the diagnostic criteria for GDM, thus implicating many more women. Risk factors that increase risk for future CVD among women with a history of GDM include postpartum progression to T2DM; metabolic syndrome; obesity; hypertension; and altered levels of circulating inflammatory markers, specifically, adiponectin, C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Medical therapies such as metformin that prevent progression to T2DM may prove to be our primary defense against earlier CVD among women with GDM.
Dynamic parameters of maternal amino acid metabolism and fetal growth.; This study presents kinetic parameters of glycine metabolism during pregnancy and the influence of fuel availability on fetal growth. The kinetic studies were done on patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (diet treated) and pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (diet and insulin treated) that was accompanied by increased fetal growth and pregnancy-induced hypertension and, during the third trimester of pregnancy, by intrauterine growth retardation. Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry was used to determine the 15N enrichment of plasma glycine, and to calculate the pool sizes, turnover rate constants, fluxes and metabolic clearance rates. Glycine pool sizes in pre-gestational diabetes were significantly larger than those in normal, hypertensive and gestational diabetes pregnancies. Glycine turnover rate constants and metabolic clearance rates were not significantly different between the normal pregnant women, the hypertensive, and the two diabetic groups of pregnant women. Glycine fluxes were significantly higher in the pre-gestational diabetic pregnant women than in those with gestational diabetes, hypertension, and normal pregnancy. Pre-gestational diabetic pregnant women delivered fetuses with higher birthweights than the other three groups. Fetal birthweight of the hypertensive women was significantly lower than among the normal and diabetic women. Stable isotope methodology using labeled amino acids provides a powerful tool for clinical studies of maternal protein metabolism and its relationship to fetal growth.
Impact of inter-pregnancy BMI change on perinatal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the patterns and predictors of inter-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) change and its impact on perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Tertiary teaching hospital in Adelaide, Australia. POPULATION: Women with their first and second consecutive, singleton deliveries occurring between 2000 and 2012 (N=5371). METHODS: Inter-pregnancy weight change calculated based on difference between BMI at respective antenatal booking visits. Association between inter-pregnancy weight change and perinatal outcomes investigated using multivariate generalised linear models, with stratification according to initial maternal BMI category in first pregnancy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Gestational diabetes (GDM); pregnancy induced hypertensive disorders; small-for-gestational age (SGA); preterm birth; large-for-gestational age (LGA) and macrosomia (>4500g). RESULTS: On average, women with a normal BMI gained 1kg/m(2) between first and second pregnancies, while women who were overweight or obese gained 1.37kg/m(2). Among women with a normal BMI in their first pregnancy, a BMI increase of ≥4kg/m(2) was associated with increased risk of developing GDM (aRR 1.97; 95% CI 1.22-3.19), a macrosomic (aRR 4.06; 95% CI 2.25-7.34) or LGA infant (aRR 1.31 0.96-1.78) in the second pregnancy, while a reduction in BMI (≤-2kg/m(2)) was associated with an increased risk of SGA (aRR 1.94; 1.19-3.16). Among women who were overweight or obese in their first pregnancy, a BMI increase of ≥2-4 and ≥4kg/m(2) was associated with increased risks of developing GDM in the second pregnancy (aRR 1.39; 95% CI 1.01-1.91 and aRR 1.64 95% CI 1.16-2.31; ptrend<0.001), while no associations were observed for a BMI increase and risk of a macrosomic, SGA, or LGA infant. In contrast, reduction in BMI (≤-2kg/m(2)) was associated with a reduced risk of GDM (aRR 0.58 95% CI 0.37-0.90) and SGA (aRR 0.47; 95% CI 0.25-0.87). CONCLUSION: Increases in BMI between pregnancies is associated with an increased risk for perinatal complications, even in normal-weight women, while a reduction in BMI is associated with improved perinatal outcomes among women who are overweight/obese. Inter-pregnancy weight control is an important target to reduce the risk of an adverse perinatal outcome in a subsequent pregnancy.
Stereology of the placenta in type 1 and type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess by stereology the placental structure in type 1 (T1DM) and type 2 (T2DM) diabetic pregnancies compared to normal non-diabetic (ND) controls. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective case control study. Placentae were sampled in a systematic random fashion. Stereological analysis was performed using a computerised stereology programme (Image Pro 6.2, Media Cybernetics, Inc, Silver Spring MD, USA). Participants were matched for gender of infant and mode of delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Volume, length and surface area of placental components; clinical outcome. RESULTS: Ten ND, eight T2DM and ten T1DM women consented to the study. There was no difference between the groups regarding maternal age, neonatal birth weight, or placental weight. On stereological examination, terminal villous volume was significantly increased in both diabetic groups compared to ND controls. Capillary volume and length was increased in T1DM pregnancies compared to ND and T2DM. Capillary length was increased in both diabetic groups compared to ND. When all diabetic groups were compared based on severity of glycaemia those with poor glycaemic control (HbA1c>7%) had higher placental capillary volume than those with good glycaemic control. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates an association between maternal diabetes and increased terminal villous volume. Additionally capillary volume and length is increased in the placentae of normally grown infants of T1DM diabetic mothers compared to non-diabetic controls. Maternal glycaemia appears to influence capillary, but not stromal, development. This suggests that factors other than glycaemia have a role in placental development in pre-gestational diabetes.
Low maternal circulating levels of vitamin D as potential determinant in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as any glucose intolerance with the onset or first recognition during pregnancy, is characterized by rising incidence, fostered by the worldwide increase of pathological nutritional status from young age. Clinical research has intended to identify potential risk factors, suggested improvements in screening strategies, and recommended the combination between promotion of an appropriate lifestyle before and during pregnancy and selected therapeutic approaches. Preventing pathological hyperglycemia could have several benefits, ranging from clinical side (reduction in the risk of adverse perinatal and long-term sequelae) to financial side (cost reduction to healthcare systems). Among risk factors recognized, deficiency in 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D], already acknowledged as involved in calcium homeostasis, pathogenesis of cardiovascular, oncological, infective and immunity diseases, could predispose to the development of both type 1 and 2 diabetes, modifying the activity of pancreatic β-cells vitamin D (VD) receptor. In pregnant women, lower 25(OH)D concentrations have been suggested to present an inverse association with maternal glycaemia, insulin resistance, and increased risk of GDM. In spite of growing body of evidence, there is not full agreement on the therapeutic association between GDM based on VD deficiency and 25(OH)D supplementation. In the attempt to bring up-to-date the role of low VD levels on subsequent development of GDM, this narrative review, based on medium-high-quality randomized clinical trials, systematic reviews, and meta-analysis published in last decade, has a twofold purpose: firstly, to elucidate the relationship between maternal VD status and GDM; and secondly, to illuminate the impact of VD supplementation on GDM onset.
Biomarkers of vascular injury and endothelial dysfunction after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus and milder gestational impaired glucose intolerance have elevated future risks of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, it is unclear whether they show postpartum evidence of vascular injury/dysfunction, an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: In total, 337 women underwent a glucose challenge test and oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy, yielding four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational impaired glucose intolerance, abnormal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance on the oral glucose tolerance test and normal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance. At 3 years postpartum, they underwent repeat oral glucose tolerance test (on which 69 women had pre-diabetes/diabetes) and measurement of the following serum markers of vascular injury/dysfunction: thrombomodulin, E-selectin, P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-3 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1. RESULTS: At 3 years postpartum, mean adjusted vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 was the only vascular marker that differed across the previous gestational glucose tolerance groups. On multiple linear regression analysis, each strata of gestational dysglycaemia was an independent predictor of lower vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 at 3 years postpartum (gestational diabetes mellitus: p = 0.005; gestational impaired glucose intolerance: p = 0.003; abnormal glucose challenge test normal glucose tolerance: p = 0.0008), as was current pre-diabetes/diabetes ( p = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Dysregulation of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 may be an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease in women with recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
Diabetes and hypertension in pregnancy in a rural community of Bangladesh: a population-based study.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased infant mortality. Diabetes and infant mortality is higher in Bangladesh but the prevalence of diabetes and hypertension in pregnancy is not known. Thus, this study addressed the prevalence of diabetes and hypertension in pregnancy. METHODS: We selected 10 villages randomly in a union council of Nandail subdistrict. Following a population census (n = 14 382: male/female = 7476/6906) on demography and marital status, we interviewed 2205 married women (18-44 years) for detection of pregnancy. Of a total of 172 pregnancies, we investigated 147 with a gestational age of 24-28 weeks for obstetrical history, clinical examination and blood pressure (BP). Fasting (FBG) and 2-h blood glucose (2hBG) were assessed by Hemocue cuvette. WHO diagnostic criteria were used. RESULTS: The overall prevalence (95% CI) of diabetes was 6.8% (1.88-9.32) and 8.2% (3.74-12.64) according to FBG and 2hBG, respectively. The crude prevalence of systolic and diastolic hypertension was 6.8 and 5.4%, respectively. The median (interquartile range) values for age, BMI and FBG of the participants were 25.0 (21.0-30.0) years, 19.5 (18.2-21.2) and 3.9 (3.6-4.3), respectively. The history of abortion, neonatal death and stillbirth was found in 19.9, 11.4 and 9.6%, respectively. The prevalence of GDM was higher among those with the history of stillbirth (15.4 vs. 6.0%) and neonatal death (11.8 vs. 6.2%) than those without. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of GDM in rural Bangladesh is comparable with any other population with higher prevalence of GDM. Increased morbidity and mortality among mothers and newborns in Bangladesh may, in part, be because of increased prevalence of GDM.
The number of abnormal plasma glucose values in the oral glucose tolerance test and the feto-maternal outcome of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: With respect to the feto-maternal outcome of pregnancy both appropriate screening and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain a matter of debate. Furthermore, the importance of only one abnormal glucose value at the glucose tolerance test (GTT) is still discussed, including the term "gestational impaired glucose tolerance" with normal fasting but an increased 2h postprandial glucose value. STUDY DESIGN: We have evaluated the feto-maternal outcome of pregnancy in 152 women with abnormal glucose values during the oral 100g GTT. The data were analysed with respect to the number of abnormal GTT values and compared to age- and body mass index (BMI)-matched control groups including 304 women with normal GTT values. RESULTS: A positive family history of diabetes was found in 24.4% of the GDM women and in 16.4% of the control group. In 45.9% of the women with abnormal GTT values glucose target levels could be obtained by dietary management, 54.1% required additional insulin therapy. Insulin therapy was administered in 32.8% of the women with one abnormal GTT value, in 65.0% of the women with two abnormal values and in 83.3% of the women with three abnormal values. Compared to the age- and BMI-matched control group the percentage of women with hypertension was increased in women with one, two and three abnormal GTT values. The percentage of LGA and macrosomic infants was significantly increased only in women with three abnormal GTT values. Women with one, two or three abnormal GTT values revealed an increased percentage of caesarean section compared to the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that women with three abnormal GTT values are at an overall increased risk with respect to the feto-maternal outcome of pregnancy. Compared to the control group also women with only one abnormal GTT value revealed an increased risk indicating a need for further control and therapy.
Aspects of FHR tracings as warning signals.; We have reviewed several different groups of common clinical problems with an eye toward their effects on FHR tracings. Although argument exists in the literature concerning the universal applicability of continuous EFM, most authors agree that continuous EFM is desirable, if not imperative, within these subgroups. Schifrin said, "It appears that potential benefits accrue when EFM and scalp sampling are employed with understanding and adequate training." With appropriate training, EFM and pH analysis can help the clinician to quickly and accurately assess fetal condition and to make necessary decisions regarding labor and delivery. The interpretation of fetal monitoring patterns necessitates consideration of gestational age and maternal condition as a starting point in analysis. The many other components of fetal-maternal interactions that occur with labor and delivery can be assessed satisfactorily only in this light.
Ultrasonographic placental parameters at 11-13+6 weeks' gestation in the prediction of complications in pregnancy after assisted reproductive technology.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the performance of maternal factors, biophysical and biochemical markers at 11-13 + 6 weeks' gestation in the prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus with or without large for gestational age (GDM ± LGA) fetus and great obstetrical syndromes (GOS) among singleton pregnancy following in-vitro fertilisation (IVF)/embryo transfer (ET). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted between December 2017 and January 2020 including patients who underwent IVF/ET. Maternal mean arterial pressure (MAP), ultrasound markers including placental volume, vascularisation index (VI), flow index (FI) and vascularisation flow index (VFI), mean uterine artery pulsatility index (mUtPI) and biochemical markers including placental growth factor (PlGF) and soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1) were measured at 11-13 + 6 weeks' gestation. Logistic regression analysis was performed to determine the significant predictors of complications. RESULTS: Among 123 included pregnancies, 38 (30.9%) had GDM ± LGA fetus and 28 (22.8%) had GOS. The median maternal height and body mass index were significantly higher in women with GDM ± LGA fetus. Multivariate logistic regression analysis demonstrated that in the prediction of GDM ± LGA fetus and GOS, there were significant independent contributions from FI MoM (area under curve (AUROC) of 0.610, 95% CI 0.492-0.727; p = 0.062) and MAP MoM (AUROC of 0.645, 95% CI 0.510-0.779; p = 0.026), respectively. CONCLUSION: FI and MAP are independent predictors for GDM ± LGA fetus and GOS, respectively. However, they have low predictive value. There is a need to identify more specific novel biomarkers in differentiating IVF/ET pregnancies that are at a higher risk of developing complications.
Does fetal macrosomia affect umbilical artery Doppler velocity waveforms in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to establish whether macrosomic fetuses in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) show different Pulsatility Index (PI) values in umbilical artery (UA) than in non-macrosomic fetuses. METHODS: We considered 106 pregnant women with GDM. Doppler recordings of UA-PI were performed at 34-41 weeks and related to neonatal birthweight. Pregnancies were divided in two groups according to birthweight, macrosomic group (>4000 g) and controls (<4000 g), and according to birthweight centile, >90th centile and <90th centile. Differences in UA-PI and maternal and fetal characteristics between groups were tested. RESULTS: Mean UA-PI was significantly lower in newborns with birthweight >4000 g than in controls (PI = 0.69; 95% CI 0.64-0.74 versus PI = 0.87; 95% CI 0.84-0.90, p < 000.1). Mean UA-PI was significantly lower in newborns with birthweight centile >90th centile than in controls (PI = 0.79; 95% CI 0.74-0.84 versus PI = 0.87; 95% CI 0.83-0.90; t = 2.653; p = 0.01). Linear regression analysis revealed a significant correlation between UA-PI and neonatal birthweight and between UA-PI and neonatal birthweight centile. CONCLUSIONS: Macrosomic fetuses of pregnancies complicated by GDM show lower values of UA-PI compared with controls. Despite UA-PI results, a variable related to macrosomia its role in the management of these pregnancies remains to be established.
Maternal Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Combined With Abnormal Glucose Metabolism Further Increases Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Chinese Pregnant Women.; AIMS: Our aim was to evaluate the separate and combined effects of maternal pre-pregnancy obesity and gestational abnormal glucose metabolism (GAGM) on adverse perinatal outcomes. METHODS: A total of 2,796 Chinese pregnant women with singleton delivery were studied, including 257 women with pre-pregnancy obesity alone, 604 with GAGM alone, 190 with both two conditions, and 1,745 with neither pre-pregnancy obesity nor GAGM as control group. The prevalence and risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes were compared among the four groups. RESULTS: Compared with the normal group, pregnant women with maternal pre-pregnancy obesity alone, GAGM alone, and both two conditions faced significantly increased risks of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) (odds ratio (OR) 4.045, [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.286-7.156]; 1.993 [1.171-3.393]; 8.495 [4.982-14.485]), preeclampsia (2.649 [1.224-5.735]; 2.129 [1.128-4.017]; 4.643 [2.217-9.727]), cesarean delivery (1.589 [1.212-2.083]; 1.328 [1.095-1.611]; 2.627 [1.908-3.617]), preterm delivery (1.899 [1.205-2.993]; 1.358 [0.937-1.968]; 2.301 [1.423-3.720]), macrosomia (2.449 [1.517-3.954]; 1.966 [1.356-2.851]; 4.576 [2.895-7.233]), and total adverse maternal outcomes (1.762 [1.331-2.332]; 1.365 [1.122-1.659]; 3.228 [2.272-4.587]) and neonatal outcomes (1.951 [1.361-2.798]; 1.547 [1.170-2.046]; 3.557 [2.471-5.122]). Most importantly, there were no obvious risk differences in adverse pregnancy outcomes between maternal pre-pregnancy obesity and GAGM group except PIH, but pregnant women with both obesity and GAGM exhibited dramatically higher risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes than those with each condition alone. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity and GAGM were independently associated with increased risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes. The combination of pre-pregnancy obesity and GAGM further worsens adverse pregnancy outcomes compared with each condition alone.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of the effectiveness of pre-pregnancy care for women with diabetes for improving maternal and perinatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Pre-gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risk of maternal and perinatal adverse outcomes. This systematic review was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of pre-conception care (PCC) in improving maternal and perinatal outcomes. METHODS: Databases from MEDLINE, EMBASE, WEB OF SCIENCE, and Cochrane Library were searched, including the CENTRAL register of controlled trials, and CINHAL up until March 2019, without any language restrictions, for any pre-pregnancy care aiming at health promotion, glycemic control, and screening and treatment of diabetes complications in women with type I or type II pre-gestational diabetes. Trials and observational studies were included in the review. Newcastle-Ottawa scale and the Cochrane collaboration methodology for data synthesis and analysis were used, along with the GRADE tool to evaluate the body of evidence. RESULTS: The search identified 8500 potentially relevant citations of which 40 reports of 36 studies were included. The meta-analysis results show that PCC reduced congenital malformations risk by 71%, (Risk ratio (RR) 0.29; 95% CI: 0.21-0.40, 25 studies; 5903 women; high-certainty evidence). The results also show that PCC may lower HbA1c in the first trimester of pregnancy by an average of 1.27% (Mean difference (MD) 1.27; 95% CI: 1.33-1.22; 4927 women; 24 studies, moderate-certainty evidence). Furthermore, the results suggest that PCC may lead to a slight reduction in the risk of preterm delivery of 15%, (RR 0.85; 95% CI: 0.73-0.99; nine studies, 2414 women; moderate-certainty evidence). Moreover, PCC may result in risk reduction of perinatal mortality by 54%, (RR 0.46; 95% CI: 0.30-0.73; ten studies; 3071 women; moderate-certainty evidence). There is uncertainty about the effects of PCC on the early booking for antenatal care (MD 1.31; 95% CI: 1.40-1.23; five studies, 1081 women; very low-certainty evidence) and maternal hypoglycemia in the first trimester, (RR 1.38; 95% CI: 1.07-1.79; three studies; 686 women; very low- certainty evidence). In addition, results of the meta-analysis indicate that PCC may lead to 48% reduction in the risk of small for gestational age (SGA) (RR 0.52; 95% CI: 0.37-0.75; six studies, 2261 women; moderate-certainty evidence). PCC may reduce the risk of neonatal admission to intensive care unit (NICU) by 25% (RR 0.75; 95% CI: 0.67-0.84; four studies; 1322 women; moderate-certainty evidence). However, PCC may have little or no effect in reducing the cesarean section rate (RR 1.02; 95% CI: 0.96-1.07; 14 studies; 3641 women; low-certainty evidence); miscarriage rate (RR 0.86; 95% CI: 0.70-1.06; 11 studies; 2698 women; low-certainty evidence); macrosomia rate (RR 1.06; 95% CI: 0.97-1.15; nine studies; 2787 women, low-certainty evidence); neonatal hypoglycemia (RR 0.93; 95% CI: 0.74-1.18; five studies; 880 women; low-certainty evidence); respiratory distress syndrome (RR 0.78; 95% CI: 0.47-1.29; four studies; 466 women; very low-certainty evidence); or shoulder dystocia (RR 0.28; 95% CI: 0.07-1.12; 2 studies; 530 women; very low-certainty evidence). CONCLUSION: PCC for women with pre-gestational type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus is effective in improving rates of congenital malformations. In addition, it may improve the risk of preterm delivery and admission to NICU. PCC probably reduces maternal HbA1C in the first trimester of pregnancy, perinatal mortality and SGA. There is uncertainty regarding the effects of PCC on early booking for antenatal care or maternal hypoglycemia during the first trimester of pregnancy. PCC has little or no effect on other maternal and perinatal outcomes.
Evaluation of the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index.; BACKGROUND: We aimed to evaluate the fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index (MPI) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this study, 35 patients who were diagnosed with GDM, and 35 pregnant without glucose intolerance and their babies were evaluated. Fetal echocardiographic, biometric measurements, umbilical artery pulsatility indices (UAPI) and ductus venosus pulsatility indices (DVPI) measurements were performed to evaluate fetal well-being between the groups. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of UAPI, DVPI, systolic functions, the mode of delivery and 5-minute APGAR scores (P=0.849, P=0.485, P=0.770, P=0.060, P=0.587). There was statistically significant difference between the isovolumetric relaxation time and isovolumetric contraction time of groups (P=0.006, P=0.03). The MPI results were statistically different between the groups (P=0.000). Postpartum need for hospitalization was more frequently observed in GDM than the control group (P=0.014). CONCLUSIONS: MPI, which is independent of the ventricular anatomy and fetal heart rate, showing both diastolic and systolic functions, was found significantly higher in GDM. We recommend performing MPI measurement routinely to fetal cardiac functions in GDM.
Epidemiology of infants of diabetic mothers in indigent Micronesian population-Guam experience.; Diabetes complicating pregnancy has not yet been properly evaluated in Guam and the prevalence and morbidity of infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) in Micronesian population on Guam is described. The prevalence of IDM among the Micronesian population is 5.0% vs non-Micronesian's 3.7%. 82.5% were gestational diabetic mothers (GDM) diet controlled, 10.2% were GDM insulin controlled and 6.9% had Insulin Dependent Diabetes Mellitus. LGAs were 11% of IDMs in contrast to 6.4% of total births. Ten infants (NICU) spent total of 29 days on ventilator. Cesarean delivery, LGA, oxygen and ventilatory requirements were higher in Micronesian IDMs than in the non-Micronesian IDMs. The incidence is also higher in the Micronesian population (5.0%) compared to non Micronesian population (3.7%) on Guam. Micronesian IDMs were at higher risk for cesarean delivery, recurrent hypoglycemia, oxygen and ventilatory requirements than their non-Micronesian counterparts were. There is also a higher incidence of LGA among the Micronesian population and Chuukese had the highest incidence probably because they seek late or no prenatal care. We report 5.0% prevalence of diabetes during pregnancy in Micronesian population on Guam which imposes a significant economic burden on the local government's hospital resources. Micronesian IDMs were at higher risk for cesarean delivery, LGA, recurrent hypoglycemia, oxygen and ventilatory requirements than their non-Micronesian counterparts were. Chuukese had the highest LGA incidence in the study group. About 2/3rd of the IDM stayed 1110 extra days in hospital. IDMs accounted for the majority of expensive off-island transports.
Blood group AB is protective factor for gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective population-based study in Tianjin, China.; BACKGROUND: The ABO blood types are associated with cancers, cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes mellitus but whether they are also associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown. We examined the relationship between the ABO blood types and the risk of GDM in a prospective population-based Chinese cohort. METHODS: From 2010 to 2012, we recruited 14,198 pregnant women within the first 12 weeks of gestation in Tianjin, China. All women had a glucose challenge test (GCT) at 24-28 gestational weeks, followed by a 75-g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test if the results from GCT were ≥7.8 mmol/L. GDM was diagnosed based on the glucose cut-points of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group criteria. Logistic regression was used to obtain odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) adjusted for traditional risk factors. Stratified analysis was performed by family history of diabetes (yes versus no). Sensitivity analyses were also performed by using the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for GDM. RESULTS: Women with blood groups A, B or O (i.e. non-AB) were associated with increased risk of GDM as compared with those with blood group AB (adjusted OR: 1.44, 95% CI: 1.13-1.83). Sensitivity analyses showed that the result was consistent using WHO criteria. The adjusted OR of blood group non-AB versus AB for GDM was enhanced among women with a family history of diabetes (2.69, 1.21-5.96) and attenuated among those without (1.33, 1.03-1.71). CONCLUSIONS: Blood group AB was a protective factor against GDM in pregnant Chinese women.
Early screening and treatment of gestational diabetes in high-risk women improves maternal and neonatal outcomes: A retrospective clinical audit.; AIMS: Evidence suggests that screening for gestational diabetes (GDM) occurs too late in pregnancy, when changes in glucose metabolism and fetal growth rates can already be detected. In August 2016 NHS Lothian began screening women with risk factors for GDM during early pregnancy (11-13 weeks). We hypothesised that an earlier identification and treatment of dysglycaemia would improve pregnancy outcomes compared to previous standard care. METHODS: We compared management and outcomes for singleton pregnancies with GDM delivering at Royal Infirmary Edinburgh, UK, diagnosed through routine or early screening from 01/01/2015-31/10/2017 (routine screening n = 335, early screening n = 241). RESULTS: Early screening increased the proportion of women diagnosed before 24 weeks' gestation (n = 59/335, 17.6% vs n = 103/241, 42.7%, p < 0.001) but did not change the average monthly rate of diagnosis. Early screening increased the median duration of GDM during pregnancy (71 vs 93 days of gestation, p < 0.001) with no significant changes in the pharmacological management. Early screening improved the primary composite outcome (emergency caesarean section, neonatal hypoglycaemia and macrosomia; n = 138/335, 41.2% vs n = 73/241, 30.3%, adjusted Odds Ratio [95% confidence interval] 0.62 [0.43-0.91]. CONCLUSIONS: There is a role for early screening and management of GDM however it is unclear whether this represents a cost-effective intervention.
Experiences with an integrated screening programme targeted at women who had a hypertensive disorder or diabetes in pregnancy in the Netherlands: a qualitative study.; OBJECTIVES: Pregnancy is a predictor of women's health later in life. The risk of eventually developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D) increases three to seven times, after pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. The Heart for Women in The Hague project was designed to offer targeted screening to this high-risk population. This research aimed to gather insight regarding the initial experiences of healthcare providers and women with pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. DESIGN AND SETTING: This study applied a qualitative semistructured interview design using an interview guide based on 'The Consolidated Framework for Implementation Research (CFIR).' Interviews were recorded, transcribed and coded in accordance with the five main CFIR themes. The setting of the study was primary and secondary care in The Hague, the Netherlands. Interviews were carried out from December 2021 until February 2022. The language was Dutch or English. PARTICIPANTS: Participants (n=13) were women of the target population (n=7) and relevant healthcare professionals (n=6). RESULTS: Healthcare providers and women were generally positive concerning screening. Healthcare providers agreed that this forgotten group deserves attention and felt that the regional transmural agreement (RTA) provided a clear policy. Women stated that they would like screening to continue and were open-minded regarding lifestyle guidance. Reported barriers included current lack of an easy way of contacting the population after a year, lack of knowledge among the women concerning increased risk, unfamiliarity of new colleagues with the RTA and lack of evidence that screening actually prevents disease. CONCLUSION: Implementation of screening programmes to prevent or delay the development of CVD and/or T2D after complicated pregnancies will likely improve awareness in both patients and healthcare providers. Healthcare providers considered the RTA important because it concerns a forgotten high-risk population. Future research should focus on the improved effectiveness of tailored interventions to delay or prevent CVD.
Gene expression changes in arterial and venous endothelial cells exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus.; We investigated the molecular changes in fetoplacental blood vessel endothelial cells in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Raw gene expression profile data of arterial and venous endothelial cells from GDM complicated pregnancies and healthy controls were downloaded and used for bioinformatic analysis. There were two differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in venous endothelial cells and 178 DEGs in arterial endothelial cells induced by GDM. The altered genes were clustered to pathways associated with cell cycle, p53 signaling pathway, and cellular senescence. The disease associated gene-pathway network that was constructed comprised eight down-regulated genes (including FBXO5, CCNB1, and CDK1), one up-regulated gene (CCND2), hsa04068: FoxO signaling pathway and hsa04114: Oocyte mitosis pathway. CCND2 was a significant node in the microRNA (miRNA)-target network, which was regulated by seven miRNAs that included hsa-miR-1299, hsa-miR-1200, and hsa-miR-miR-593-5p. FBXO5 was a significant node regulated by two miRNAs. CCND2 and FBXO5 were also the significant nodes in the transcriptional factors-target network and integrated regulatory network. The cell cycle pathway was significantly altered in arterial endothelial cells during GDM, which was involved with the differential expression of CCND2 and FBXO5.
High blood pressure before and during early pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: While women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to display features of the metabolic syndrome, including hypertension, in the years after delivery, it is unclear whether these components are also present before pregnancy. We examined the relationship between blood pressure (BP) measured before and during early pregnancy (<20 weeks) and the risk of GDM in a nested case-control study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Case (n = 381) and control (n = 942) subjects were selected from a cohort of women delivering between 1996 and 1998 and screened for GDM between 24 and 28 weeks' gestation. GDM was defined by the National Diabetes Data Group criteria. BP and covariates data were obtained by review of the medical records. Women were categorized according to BP levels recommended by the American Heart Association outside of pregnancy: <120/80 mmHg (normal), 120-139/80-89 mmHg (prehypertension), and >or=140 and/or >or=90 mmHg or use of antihypertensive medications (hypertension). RESULTS: During early pregnancy, women with prehypertension had a small increased risk of GDM (odds ratio [OR] 1.56 [95% CI 1.16-2.10]), and women with hypertension had a twofold increased risk of GDM (2.04 [1.14-3.65]) compared with women with normal BP after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, gestational week of BP, BMI, and parity. Similar results were seen among the subset of women with BP levels measured before pregnancy (1.44 [0.95-2.19] for prehypertension and 2.01 [1.01-3.99] for hypertension). CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians should be aware that women presenting with hypertension may warrant early screening or intervention to prevent GDM.
Comparative impact of pharmacological treatments for gestational diabetes on neonatal anthropometry independent of maternal glycaemic control: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Fetal growth in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is directly linked to maternal glycaemic control; however, this relationship may be altered by oral anti-hyperglycaemic agents. Unlike insulin, such drugs cross the placenta and may thus have independent effects on fetal or placental tissues. We investigated the association between GDM treatment and fetal, neonatal, and childhood growth. METHODS AND FINDINGS: PubMed, Ovid Embase, Medline, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov, and Cochrane databases were systematically searched (inception to 12 February 2020). Outcomes of GDM-affected pregnancies randomised to treatment with metformin, glyburide, or insulin were included. Studies including preexisting diabetes or nondiabetic women were excluded. Two reviewers independently assessed eligibility and risk of bias, with conflicts resolved by a third reviewer. Maternal outcome measures were glycaemic control, weight gain, and treatment failure. Offspring anthropometric parameters included fetal, neonatal, and childhood weight and body composition data. Thirty-three studies (n = 4,944), from geographical locations including Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, Asia, Australia/New Zealand, and the United States/Latin America, met eligibility criteria. Twenty-two studies (n = 2,801) randomised women to metformin versus insulin, 8 studies (n = 1,722) to glyburide versus insulin, and 3 studies (n = 421) to metformin versus glyburide. Eleven studies (n = 2,204) reported maternal outcomes. No differences in fasting blood glucose (FBS), random blood glucose (RBS), or glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) were reported. No studies reported fetal growth parameters. Thirty-three studies (n = 4,733) reported birth weight. Glyburide-exposed neonates were heavier at birth (58.20 g, 95% confidence interval [CI] 10.10-106.31, p = 0.02) with increased risk of macrosomia (odds ratio [OR] 1.38, 95% CI 1.01-1.89, p = 0.04) versus neonates of insulin-treated mothers. Metformin-exposed neonates were born lighter (-73.92 g, 95% CI -114.79 to -33.06 g, p < 0.001) with reduced risk of macrosomia (OR 0.60, 95% CI 0.45-0.79, p < 0.001) than insulin-exposed neonates. Metformin-exposed neonates were born lighter (-191.73 g, 95% CI -288.01 to -94.74, p < 0.001) with a nonsignificant reduction in macrosomia risk (OR 0.32, 95% CI 0.08-1.19, I2 = 0%, p = 0.09) versus glyburide-exposed neonates. Glyburide-exposed neonates had a nonsignificant increase in total fat mass (103.2 g, 95% CI -3.91 to 210.31, p = 0.06) and increased abdominal (0.90 cm, 95% CI 0.03-1.77, p = 0.04) and chest circumferences (0.80 cm, 95% CI 0.07-1.53, p = 0.03) versus insulin-exposed neonates. Metformin-exposed neonates had decreased ponderal index (-0.13 kg/m3, 95% CI -0.26 to -0.00, p = 0.04) and reduced head (-0.21, 95% CI -0.39 to -0.03, p = 0.03) and chest circumferences (-0.34 cm, 95% CI -0.62 to -0.05, p = 0.02) versus the insulin-treated group. Metformin-exposed neonates had decreased ponderal index (-0.09 kg/m3, 95% CI -0.17 to -0.01, p = 0.03) versus glyburide-exposed neonates. Study limitations include heterogeneity in dosing, heterogeneity in GDM diagnostic criteria, and few studies reporting longitudinal growth outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal randomisation to glyburide resulted in heavier neonates with a propensity to increased adiposity versus insulin- or metformin-exposed groups. Metformin-exposed neonates were lighter with reduced lean mass versus insulin- or glyburide-exposed groups, independent of maternal glycaemic control. Oral anti-hyperglycaemics cross the placenta, so effects on fetal anthropometry could result from direct actions on the fetus and/or placenta. We highlight a need for further studies examining the effects of intrauterine exposure to antidiabetic agents on longitudinal growth, and the importance of monitoring fetal growth and maternal glycaemic control when treating GDM. This review protocol was registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019134664/CRD42018117503).
Blood flow velocity waveforms of the fetal middle cerebral artery in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus.; Fetal blood flow velocity waveforms of the middle cerebral artery were measured by pulsed Doppler ultrasound in 43 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (33 class B, 3 class C, 6 class D and 1 class R). The recordings were performed between 24 and 38 weeks of gestation. A total of 122 recordings were analyzed prior to establishing the resistance index (RI = peak systolic velocity minus diastolic velocity/peak systolic velocity). The mean maternal serum glucose was 124.3 mg/dl (range: 72.7 to 281.5 mg/dl), the mean hemoglobin A1c was 6.03% (range: 3.3 to 11.0%) and the mean fructosamine level was 255.97 mumol/L (range: 205 to 397 mumol/L). The resistance index did not differ between the fetuses of the diabetic mothers in our study population. Additionally, no significant correlation was noted between RI values and serum glucose levels (r = 0.03), hemoglobin A1c levels (r = 0.13) or fructosamine levels (r = 0.04) during the period of 26 to 34 gestational weeks. These data indicate that the RI within the fetal cerebral artery is unaffected by the maternal glycemic control when mean serum glucose levels are below 280 mg/dl.
Carotid intima media thickness, brachial flow mediated dilation and previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy condition with long-term complications. We examined the association between inflammatory mediators and early atherosclerosis process by measuring the flow mediated dilatation (FMD) of brachial artery and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) in women with previous GDM (pGDM). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Women with and without pGDM with an average of 4 years following the indexed pregnancy, participated in this study. Serum levels of IL-6, hs-CRP, adiponectin, homocystein and other biomedical parameters were measured. The existence of early atherogenesis process was evaluated by measuring CIMT and FMD. RESULTS: HOMA-IR and insulin were significantly higher in women with pGDM. Women with pGDM had slightly higher CIMT and significantly lower percent of brachial FMD. FMD and CIMT, adjusted for age and blood pressure, showed the same pattern. FMD showed no correlation with biochemical or inflammatory markers. CONCLUSION: Follow-up of this group of women, who are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, with FMD should be considered.
Fetal echocardiographic screening of diabetic pregnancies for congenital heart disease.; This study sought to assess pregnant diabetic women for the presence of fetal cardiac anomalies and to determine whether better diabetic control was associated with a reduced risk to the fetus. Between 1988 and 1995, pregnant type I and II diabetic women routinely underwent fetal echocardiography. Hemoglobin A1c values were used as an indicator of maternal diabetic control and any relation between congenital heart disease in the fetus and maternal hemoglobin A1c levels was sought. Cardiac defects were identified in 7 of 328 pregnancies assessed, for an incidence of congenital heart disease of 2.1% (95% confidence interval: 0.6-3.6%). A review of the postnatal cardiac database did not reveal any undetected major malformations. The mean hemoglobin A1c level was 7.6% +/- 2.0% obtained at a mean gestational age of 12 +/- 7 weeks. Hemoglobin A1c levels of mothers carrying a fetus with congenital heart disease did not significantly differ from those with a normal fetus: 8.1% +/- 3.4% versus 7.6% +/- 1.9% (p = 0.48). Mothers with an affected fetus demonstrated a wide range of HbA1c levels (4.1 to 13.7%). Thus, the incidence of significant fetal cardiac abnormalities is low and not significantly related to maternal diabetic control.
Doppler Indices of the Ophthalmic Artery in Pregnant Women With Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus With and Without Retinopathy.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate ophthalmic Doppler velocimetry patterns in pregnant women with pregestational diabetes mellitus with and without retinopathy in comparison to pregnant women without gestational intercurrences. METHODS: This cross-sectional observational study analyzed Doppler indices of the ophthalmic arteries, including the resistive index (RI), pulsatility index, peak systolic velocity, second peak systolic velocity, peak ratio, and end-diastolic velocity (EDV), in 3 groups of pregnant women: diabetic with retinopathy (n = 12); diabetic without retinopathy (n = 85); and nondiabetic controls (n = 122). The Kruskal-Wallis test was used for the statistical analysis with a probability of 95%. RESULTS: The mean gestational ages ± SDs of pregnant women with and without retinopathy and nondiabetic controls were 29.1 ± 2.2, 29.7 ± 2.7, and 31 ± 1.0 weeks, respectively, with no significant differences between the groups (P > .099). The mean RI in the group with retinopathy was significantly higher (P = .030) than in the control group, but it did not significantly differ compared to the group without retinopathy (P = .204). The RI in the control group did not differ from that in the group without retinopathy (P = .079). The EDV was significantly lower in the group with retinopathy (P = .015) in relation to the control group, but there were no differences compared to the group without retinopathy (P = .217). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with pregestational diabetes mellitus and retinopathy had increased vascular impedance in the ophthalmic artery together with a reduction in the EDV, which was probably related to ischemia, thrombosis, and neovascularization of retinal vessels.
Placental and fetal pulsatility indices in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the usefulness of placental and fetal Doppler velocimetry in the surveillance of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: We studied 89 patients with GDM. All fetuses underwent umbilical, fetal descending thoracic aorta and fetal middle cerebral artery pulsatility index (PI) assessment. Doppler results were not used for management. We correlated PI with route of delivery and with the following perinatal complications: small size for gestational age, cesarean section (CS) for acute fetal distress (AFD), respiratory distress syndrome, hyperbilirubinemia, hypocalcemia, hypoglycemia, macrosomia and stay in a neonatal intensive care unit. RESULTS: Seventy-seven patients (87%) had normal Doppler measurements, while 12 (13%) showed one or more abnormal measurements. The greatest incidence of CS for AFD (42% vs. 16%, P < .001), as well as neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (25% vs. 10%, P < .001) and hypoglycemia (25% vs. 5%, P < .001) was reported among the women with abnormal Doppler measurements. CONCLUSION: Fetal placental hemodynamics are normal in most cases of GDM. In a small percentage of cases we observed abnormal fetal placental PI associated with a higher incidence of perinatal complications. Hence, the finding of abnormal PI must induce the physician to carry out more intensive obstetric care of women with GDM.
The cardiomyopathy in infants of streptozotocin-induced diabetic female rats.; Transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy has been described in human infants of diabetic mothers. The purpose of this study was twofold: first, to document the features of cardiac hypertrophy in newborns of female rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes and second, to investigate the natural history of this cardiomyopathy. Marked asymmetrical septal hypertrophy with hypertrophy of myocytes was observed in newborns of diabetic female rats, whether or not the mothers received daily administration of NPH insulin. The abnormal cardiac morphology was no longer apparent 4 weeks after birth. Thus, in this model, the asymmetrical septal hypertrophy was secondary and was not a manifestation of genetically transmitted hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Maternal outcomes and follow-up after gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus reflects impaired maternal insulin secretion relative to demand prior to pregnancy, as well as temporary metabolic stressors imposed by the placenta and fetus. Thus, after delivery, women with gestational diabetes have increased risk of diabetes and recurrent gestational diabetes because of their underlying impairment, which may be further exacerbated by fat accretion during pregnancy and post-partum deterioration in lifestyle behaviours. This hypothetical model is discussed in greater detail, particularly the uncertainty regarding pregnancy as an accelerator of β-cell decline and the role of gestational weight gain. This report also presents risk estimates for future glucose intolerance and diabetes and reviews modifiable risk factors, particularly body mass and lifestyle alterations, including weight loss and breastfeeding. Non-modifiable risk factors such as race/ethnicity and insulin use during pregnancy are also discussed. The review concludes with current literature on lifestyle modification, recommendations for post-partum glucose screening, and future directions for research to prevent maternal disease.
Association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: A retrospective cohort analysis in the UK Biobank.; AIM: To investigate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with premature mortality and cardiovascular (CVD) outcomes and risk factors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Parous women recruited to the UK Biobank cohort during 2006-2010 were followed up from their first delivery until 31 October 2021. The data were linked to Hospital Episode Statistics and mortality registries. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models investigated associations of GDM with all-cause mortality, CVD, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. RESULTS: The maximum total analysis time at risk and under observation was 9 694 090 person-years. Among 220 726 women, 1225 self-reported or had a recorded diagnosis of GDM. After adjusting for confounders and behavioural factors, GDM was associated with increased risk for premature mortality [hazard ratio (HR): 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.12-1.86], particularly CVD-related death (HR: 2.38, 95% CI: 1.63-3.48), as well as incident total CVD (HR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.30-1.74), non-fatal CVD (HR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.20-1.65), diabetes (HR: 14.37, 95% CI: 13.51-15.27), hypertension (HR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.38-1.60), and dyslipidaemia (HR: 1.30, 95% CI: 1.22-1.39). The total CVD risk was greater in women with GDM who did not later develop diabetes than in those with GDM and diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM are at increased risk of premature death and have increased CV risk, emphasizing the importance of interventions to prevent GDM. If GDM develops, the diagnosis represents an opportunity for future surveillance and intervention to reduce CVD risk factors, prevent CVD and improve long-term health.
Is there a role for exosomes in foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disease of pregnancy associated with endothelial dysfunction in the foetoplacental vasculature. Foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction is characterized by changes in the l-arginine-adenosine signalling pathway and inflammation. The mechanisms involved in these alterations are suggested to be hyperglycaemia, hyperinsulinemia, and oxidative stress. These conditions increase the release of exosomes, nanovesicles that are generated from diverse cell types, including endothelial cells. Since exosomes can modulate vascular function, they may play an important role in foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction seen in GDM pregnancies. In this review, we summarized current knowledge on the potential role of exosomes in foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction seen in this disease of pregnancy.
Imaging Review of Obstetric Sequelae of Maternal Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus, whether preexisting or gestational, poses significant risk to both the mother and the developing fetus. A myriad of potential fetal complications in the setting of diabetic pregnancies include, among others, congenital anomalies, delayed fetal lung maturity, macrosomia, and increased perinatal morbidity and mortality. Congenital anomalies most commonly involve the nervous, cardiovascular, genitourinary, and musculoskeletal systems. Delayed fetal lung maturity, probably secondary to hyperglycemia suppressing surfactant secretion, is a major determinant of perinatal morbidity and mortality. Besides the potential complications encountered during cesarean delivery in macrosomic fetuses, vaginal delivery is also associated with increased risks of shoulder dystocia, clavicular and humeral fractures, and brachial plexus palsy. Maternal complications are related to the increased risk of hypertensive diseases of pregnancy and associated preeclampsia and hemolysis, elevated liver function, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome, as well as complications encountered at the time of delivery secondary to fetal macrosomia and cesarean delivery. Additional conditions encountered in the setting of maternal diabetes include polyhydramnios, placental thickening, and two-vessel umbilical cord, each of which is associated with adverse fetal and maternal outcomes including fetal growth restriction, preterm labor, placental abruption, and premature rupture of membranes. Imaging plays a vital role in the evaluation of the mother and the fetus and can provide invaluable information that can be used by maternal fetal medicine to manage this patient population effectively. The authors review the pathophysiologic alterations induced by diabetes in pregnancy, discuss the imaging spectrum of diabetic embryopathy, and provide a detailed review of potential associated maternal complications. Online supplemental material is available for this article. (©)RSNA, 2021.
[Fetal cardiac defects in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus].; Diabetic pregnancy cause a lot of complications where fetal malformation is one of the most serious. Cardiac defects are besides the neural tube ones the most often in this group of pathology. Lack of pregnancy planning and thanks to it hyperglycemia during conceptive period and early embryogenesis increases the risk of fetal defect. We describe some typical cardiac malformation and functional disturbances connected with fetal heart. In our research we show the basic scheme of obstetrical fetal echocardiography and some common diagnostic problems we meet during our examinations. In conclusion references were reviewed which described the new approach for clinical assessment of the fetal heart like 3D and STIC; and the early diagnostic fetal echocardiography turn of the 1st and 2nd trimester.
An Irish National Diabetes in Pregnancy Audit: aiming for best outcomes for women with diabetes.; AIMS: The purpose of this study was to identify the number of pregnancies affected by pre-gestational diabetes in the Republic of Ireland; to report on pregnancy outcomes and to identify areas for improvement in care delivery and clinical outcomes. METHODS: Healthcare professionals caring for women with pre-gestational diabetes during pregnancy were invited to participate in this retrospective study. Data pertaining to 185 pregnancies in women attending 15 antenatal centres nationally were collected and analysed. Included pregnancies had an estimated date of delivery between 1 January and 31 December 2015. RESULTS: The cohort consisted of 122 (65.9%) women with Type 1 diabetes and 56 (30.3%) women with Type 2 diabetes. The remaining 7 (3.8%) pregnancies were to women with maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) (n = 6) and post-transplant diabetes (n = 1). Overall women were poorly prepared for pregnancy and lapses in specific areas of service delivery including pre-pregnancy care and retinal screening were identified. The majority of pregnancies 156 (84.3%) resulted in a live birth. A total of 103 (65.5%) women had a caesarean delivery and 58 (36.9%) infants were large for gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: This audit identifies clear areas for improvement in delivery of care for women with diabetes in the Republic of Ireland before and during pregnancy.
Folic acid prevents congenital malformations in the offspring of diabetic mice.; It is well known that maternal diabetes causes various congenital malformations. Although there are many reports that folic acid (FA) administration in pregnancy reduces the risk of birth defects including neural tube defects (NTDs), a precise analysis on the preventive effect of FA against diabetic embryopathy has not been done yet. In this study, we analyzed the preventive effects of FA on congenital malformations including NTDs, cardiovascular, and skeletal malformations using a diabetic mouse model. Female mice were rendered hyperglycemic by streptozotocin and then mated. Pregnant diabetic mice were treated daily with FA (3 mg/kg body weight) or saline between gestational days (GD) 6 and 10. On GD 18, fetuses were examined for congenital malformations. FA did not affect plasma glucose levels. In the DM control group, the incidence of NTDs, cardiovascular, and skeletal malformations was 28.4%, 28.5%, and 29.7%, respectively. In the FA-treated group, the corresponding proportions reduced to 6.0%, 2.5% and 12.5%, respectively. A whole-mount TUNEL revealed an increased apoptosis in the hindbrain region of embryos from DM control group on day 9.5, and the apoptosis was decreased by FA treatment. Maternal plasma homocysteine levels on GD 9.5 were significantly lowered in DM control group compared with those in non-DM group, and FA treatment did not show a significant effect. These results indicate that FA is effective for the prevention of various diabetic embryopathy including NTDs, cardiovascular, and skeletal malformations, and suggested that this effect is independent from homocysteine metabolism and possibly mediated by decreasing the abnormal apoptosis during organogenesis.
Impact of breastfeeding on maternal metabolism: implications for women with gestational diabetes.; Lactating compared with nonlactating women display more favorable metabolic parameters, including less atherogenic blood lipids, lower fasting and postprandial blood glucose as well as insulin, and greater insulin sensitivity in the first 4 months postpartum. However, direct evidence demonstrating that these metabolic changes persist from delivery to postweaning is much less available. Studies have reported that longer lactation duration may reduce long-term risk of cardiometabolic disease, including type 2 diabetes, but findings from most studies are limited by self-report of disease outcomes, absence of longitudinal biochemical data, or no assessment of maternal lifestyle behaviors. Studies of women with a history gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) also reported associations between lactation duration and lower the incidence of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. The mechanisms are not understood, but hormonal regulation of pancreatic β-cell proliferation and function or other metabolic pathways may mediate the lactation association with cardiometabolic disease in women.
Alterations of hypothalamic catecholamines in the newborn offspring of gestational diabetic mother rats.; Catecholamines are essential organizers of the developing brain. Throughout life, they are involved, e.g., in the regulation of body weight and metabolism by specific hypothalamic nuclei, which are suggested to be highly vulnerable to maternal gestational hyperglycemia. By application of streptozotocin (30 mg/kg, i.p.) gestational diabetes (GD) was induced in female rats. On the 1st day of life, male GD offspring were underweight (P<0.05) and hyperglycemic (P<0.05), while on the 21st day of life decreased body weight (P<0.001) and elevated pancreatic insulin (P<0.01) were observed. Using HPLC with electrochemical detection, hypothalamic catecholamines were determined in the newborns, and quantitative immunocytochemistry for tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) was performed. At birth, a tendency towards increased levels of norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine (DA) in the whole hypothalami of GD offspring was observed. In the 21-day-old offspring of GD mothers, NE was significantly increased in the ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus (VMN; P<0.05) and the lateral hypothalamic area (LHA; P<0.05), while DA was significantly elevated in the paraventricular hypothalamic nucleus (PVN; P<0.05) and the LHA (P<0.05). The NE/DA-ratio was found to be decreased in the PVN of GD offspring (P<0.01). Moreover, numerical density of TH-positive neurons was clearly increased within the parvocellular division of the PVN (P<0.0001) as well as in the periventricular hypothalamic area (PER; P<0.05). These data suggest specific alterations of catecholaminergic systems within hypothalamic regulators of body weight and metabolism during early development in the offspring of gestational diabetic mother rats.
Ethnic variation in the activity of lipid desaturases and their relationships with cardiovascular risk factors in control women and an at-risk group with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Lipid desaturase enzymes mediate the metabolism of fatty acids to long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and their activities are related to metabolic risk factors for Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). There are marked ethnic differences in risks of CHD and T2DM but little is known about ethnic differences in desaturase activities. METHODS: Samples from a study of CVD risk in women with previous gestational diabetes were analysed for percentage fatty acids in plasma free fatty acid, triglyceride, cholesterol ester and phospholipid pools for 89 white European, 53 African Caribbean and 56 Asian Indian women. The fatty acid desaturase activities, stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD, calculated separately for C16 and C18 fatty acids), delta 6 desaturase (D6D) and delta 5 desaturase (D5D) were estimated from precursor-to-product ratios and their relationships with adiposity, blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and insulin sensitivity explored. Ethnic differences in desaturase activities independent of ethnic variation in risk factor correlates of desaturase activities were then identified. RESULTS: There was significant ethnic variation in age, BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, serum triglycerides and HDL cholesterol concentrations and insulin resistance. Desaturase activities showed significant correlations, independent of ethnicity, with BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol. Independent of ethnic variation in BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol, SCD-16 activity, calculated from each of the four lipid pools measured, was 18-35 percent higher in white Europeans than in African Caribbeans or Asian Indians (all p < 0.001). Similar, though less consistent differences were apparent for SCD-18 activity. Also independently of risk factor variation, but specifically when calculated from the cholesterol ester and phospholipid, pools, D6D activity was significantly lower in Asian Indians, and D5D activity higher in African Caribbeans. CONCLUSIONS: Significant ethnic differences exist in desaturase activities, independently of ethnic variation in other risk factors. These characteristics did not accord with higher risk of T2DM among African Caribbeans and Asian Indians nor with lower risk of CHD among African Caribbeans but did accord with the higher risk of CHD in Asian Indians.
A Smartphone App (TRIANGLE) to Change Cardiometabolic Risk Behaviors in Women Following Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Intervention Mapping Approach.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Behavioral interventions can reduce this risk, but current solutions insufficiently address the requirements for such a program. The systematic development of a scalable mobile health (mHealth) promotion program for mothers during the first years post-GDM may contribute to solving this problem. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this project was to systematically plan and develop a theory- and evidence-based mHealth intervention to change cardiometabolic risk behaviors in women during the first 5 years post-GDM that meets women's expected standards of commercial health apps. METHODS: The intervention mapping steps 1 to 4 structured the systematic planning and development of the mHealth program described in this paper. Steps 1 and 2 led to a theory- and evidence-based logic model of change for cardiometabolic health. Based on this model, the prevention program was designed (step 3) and produced (step 4) in cooperation with industrial partners to ensure a high technological standard of the resulting smartphone app for the iPhone (Apple Inc). Step 4 included a user study with women during the first 5 years post-GDM once a beta version of the app ("TRIANGLE") was available. The user study comprised 2 test rounds of 1 week (n=5) and 4 weeks (n=6), respectively. The tests included validated questionnaires on user acceptance, user logs, and think-alouds with semistructured interviews. RESULTS: The novel TRIANGLE app is among the first self-paced smartphone apps for individual habit change in the 3 lifestyle areas of physical activity, nutrition, and psychosocial well-being. The 3 core features-a challenge system, human coaching, and a library-address 11 behavioral determinants with 39 behavior change methods to support lifestyle changes. Participants in the user study showed a high acceptance, high perceived quality, and high perceived impact of the TRIANGLE app on their health behaviors. Participants tested the app regularly, used it intuitively, and suggested improvements. We then adapted the TRIANGLE app according to the insights from the user study before the full TRIANGLE program production. CONCLUSIONS: The intervention mapping approach was feasible to plan and develop an innovative and scalable smartphone solution for women during the first 5 years post-GDM. The resulting TRIANGLE intervention has the potential to support behavior change for cardiometabolic disease prevention. However, the app needs further refinement and testing in clinical trials. Intervention mapping steps 5 (implementation plan) and 6 (evaluation plan) may support the integration of the TRIANGLE intervention into routine care. TRIAL REGISTRATION: German Clinical Trials Register DRKS00012736; https://www.drks.de/DRKS00012736.
Embryonal risks in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is generally associated with a higher incidence of early pregnancy loss and congenital anomalies, though this relationship should be strictly restricted to patients with previously existing diabetes. In gestational diabetes mellitus, which often develops during the third trimester, no such relationship should exist, though the birth of a previous infant with a congenital anomaly is often assumed to be a risk factor for gestational diabetes. OBJECTIVE: The study attempts to analyse the congenital anomaly rate in women with gestational diabetes and compare this to the rates in women known to have normal glucose tolerance. RESULTS: The prevalence of infants/fetuses with congenital anomalies born to women with gestational diabetes amounted to 4.48%, a rate similar to that recorded in women with normal glucose tolerance (4.54%). CONCLUSIONS: The development of gestational diabetes, in contrast to pre-existing diabetes, does not appear to be associated with an increased risk for teratogenesis.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women.; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes is greatly increased, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of Type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, the link between these alterations and the associated long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (e.g., weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favor of performing follow-up programs aimed at modifying risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
[Retrospective study of the maternal, fetal and perinatal outcomes in diabetic women in twenty years of assistance in the Universidade Federal do Triângulo Mineiro School Hospital].; OBJECTIVES: Evaluation of the consequences of diabetes mellitus (DM) on maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality at Universidade Federal do Triângulo Mineiro. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective review of medical records of pregnant women with diabetes was carried out at the hospital between 1990-2009, focusing on maternal and neonatal data and complications. RESULTS: The last pregnancy of 93 diabetics was evaluated. In thirty-four patients with type 1 diabetes a higher incidence of birth trauma (p = 0.023) and retinopathy (p = 0.023) was observed. Twenty-one type 2 DM subjects required progressively increased insulin therapy (p < 0.01) and showed a higher prevalence of smoking (p = 0.004). Thirty-eight had gestational diabetes. Their diabetic follow-up started at a later gestational age (p < 0.001), had more fetal macrosomia histories (p = 0.028) and cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Despite improvement of glycemic control during pregnancy neither group attained the glycemic target. However, the majority of DM pregnancies evaluated in our group presented successful outcomes.
Pregnancies After the Diagnosis of Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Cardiometabolic Disorders.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of subsequent pregnancy with subsequent metabolic syndrome and type II diabetes mellitus after a pregnancy complicated by mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We conducted a prospective observational follow-up study of women with mild GDM randomized from 2002 to 2007 to usual care or dietary intervention and glucose self-monitoring. Women were evaluated 5-10 years after the parent study. Participants were grouped according to the number of subsequent pregnancies (group A, none [reference]; group B, one; group C, two or greater). Serum triglycerides, glucose tolerance, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure, and waist circumference were assessed. Metabolic syndrome was diagnosed by American Heart Association and National Heart Lung and Blood Institute criteria. Multivariable regression was used to estimate adjusted relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Of 905 eligible women from the original trial, 483 agreed to participate, 426 of whom were included in this analysis. Groups A, B, and C consisted of 212, 143, and 71 women, respectively. Of women with subsequent pregnancies, 32% (69/214) had another pregnancy complicated with GDM. No difference between groups was observed for metabolic syndrome (group A, 34%; group B, 33%; group C, 30%). Subsequent pregnancies were associated with diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy (group A, 5.2%; group B, 10.5%, RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.16-5.91; group C, 11.3%, RR 2.83, 95% CI 1.06-7.59), and if complicated with GDM (no subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 1.99, 95% CI 0.82-4.84; subsequent GDM pregnancy, RR 3.75, 95% CI 1.60-8.82). CONCLUSION: In women with prior mild GDM, subsequent pregnancies did not increase the frequency of metabolic syndrome, but subsequent pregnancies with GDM increased the risk of diabetes mellitus outside of pregnancy.
To induce or not to induce labor: a macrosomic dilemma.; We assessed the effect of labor induction among parturients carrying macrosomic fetuses on the risk of a cesarean section (CS). The study population consisted of consecutive women with singleton fetuses weighing >/=4,000 g, delivered between 1988 and 1999. A comparison was made between parturients who delivered after labor induction and those who delivered without labor induction. The Mantel-Haenszel procedure was used to obtain the weighted odds ratios while controlling for confounding variables. During the study period, 4,755 women delivered macrosomic newborns in our institution. In 20% of the women (n = 951) labor was induced, while 80% of them (n = 3,804) delivered without labor induction. The women who delivered after labor induction were more likely to be nulliparous (18.0 vs. 10.0%; p < 0.001). In addition, these women had significantly higher rates of gestational diabetes (23.3 vs. 10.7%; p < 0.001), hypertensive disorders (10.1 vs. 5.3%; p < 0.001), hydramnios (17.4 vs. 9.9%; p < 0.001), and oligohydramnios (2.1 vs. 0.2%; p < 0.001). The CS rate was significantly higher among the patients who delivered after labor induction as compared with those in whom labor was not induced (17.8 vs. 11.9%; odds ratio 1.6, 95% confidence interval 1.3-1.9, p < 0.001). Stratified analysis using the Mantel-Haenszel technique was performed to control for confounders such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, previous CS, hydramnios, oligohydramnios, and nulliparity. None of these variables changed the significant association between induction of labor and CS. The induction of labor among women carrying macrosomic fetuses was found to be an independent risk factor for a CS.
[Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels by brain natriuretic peptide in umbilical cord blood].; OBJECTIVE: To study the feasibility of umbilical cord brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) level measurement for the evaluation of perinatal cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels and the influence of abnormal blood glucose on fetal cardiac function. METHODS: Twenty-four mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (n=18) or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n=6) (diabetic group) were classified into two subgroups according to blood glucose level before delivery: good (n=17) and poor (n=7) glucose control. They underwent fetal echocardiography in their late pregnant periods and fetal cardiac sizes and function were measured. Twenty-five normal pregnant mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations were measured at delivery. RESULTS: The umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations in the diabetic group were significantly higher than in the control group(114.0+/-39.0 pg/mL vs 80.6+/-13.7 pg/mL; p<0.01). The poor glucose control subgroup demonstrated higher umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations than the good glucose control subgroup (142.1+/-44.1 pg/mL vs 102.4+/-31.2 pg/mL; p<0.01). No difference was found between the gestational diabetes mellitus and the impaired glucose tolerance groups. The BNP concentration was positively correlated to the thicknesses of fetal left ventricular walls and the peak velocities of mitral A wave (r=0.715, 0.491 respectively, p<0.05), and negatively correlated to the mitral E/A ratio (r=-0.507, p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The fetuses of pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels have an increased BNP level in umbilical cord blood. Umbilical cord BNP level is related to maternal blood glucose control and the changes in fetal cardiac function. It may reflex the latent impairments of fetal cardiac function. A good glucose control may decrease the impact of abnormal maternal blood glucose on fetal hearts.
Assessment of structural cardiac abnormalities and diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The main manifestation of hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus. It can herald diabetes mellitus type 2 and its deleterious long-term effects, such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, one of the first signs of future cardiovascular disease. METHODS: A total of 21 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 23 healthy pregnant women (control group) between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation underwent echocardiographic assessment. The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus was made in agreement with the American Diabetes Association criteria. Echocardiographic images obtained were analysed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Data were analysed using Pearson correlation coefficient, analysis of variance and Student's t-test. RESULTS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus had higher posterior wall and interventricular septum thickness, increased left ventricular mass and left ventricular mass index, lower early diastolic annular velocity and early diastolic annular velocity/late diastolic annular velocity ratio. There was a positive correlation between left ventricular mass index and fasting glucose and pregnancy body mass index. CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus seem to have a different diastolic profile as well as a mildly dysfunctional pattern on echocardiogram, which may show a need for greater glycaemic control.
Gestational diabetes and its effect on the umbilical cord.; The structural changes in the umbilical cord of full term fetuses from 18 cases of gestational diabetes were studied. All these were insulin-dependent and their blood glucose levels were well controlled. Light microscopy showed rupture and erosion of the endothelial lining of umbilical arteries resulting in increased permeability and haemorrhages. The umbilical vein was unduly dilated. The smooth muscle in the walls of these vessels showed disruption and degeneration of its fibres. 'Wharton's jelly' showed alteration in the pattern of distribution of its fibres with large empty spaces amongst them. It is suggested that gestational diabetes has a deleterious effect on umbilical vessels and the connective tissue component of 'Wharton's jelly'.
Glucose screening in pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a retrospective, population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: In studies to date, gestational diabetes has consistently been associated with an increased future risk of cardiovascular disease, irrespective of the antepartum screening protocol or diagnostic criteria by which gestational diabetes is diagnosed. We reasoned that the resultant heterogeneity in the severity of dysglycaemia in women with gestational diabetes suggests that the relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent cardiovascular disease probably extends into the non-diagnostic range. Thus, we hypothesised that glucose screening in pregnancy would identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who did not have gestational diabetes. METHODS: We did a population-based cohort study using information from health-care administrative databases from the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care of Ontario (Canada). We identified all women in Ontario who had a 50 g oral glucose challenge test in pregnancy between 24 and 28 weeks gestation with a livebirth delivery between July 1, 2007, and Dec 31, 2015. Women who had a history of diabetes before pregnancy or had been previously hospitalised for cardiovascular disease were excluded. Women with a 1-h post-challenge plasma glucose concentration of 11·1 mmol/L or greater were considered to have gestational diabetes, as were women with a reading between 7·8 and 11·0 mmol/L inclusive for whom diabetes was recorded as a diagnosis on the delivery hospital record. The study population was divided into six groups based on the results of the glucose challenge test (≤4·8 mmol/L; 4·9-5·5 mmol/L; 5·6-6·2 mmol/L; 6·3-6·9 mmol/L; 7·0-7·9 mmol/L; and ≥8·0 mmol/L). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (a composite of hospitalisation for myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy). All women were followed up from the index pregnancy until cardiovascular disease event, death, migration, or Sept 30, 2017, whichever came first. FINDINGS: 259 164 women were identified as eligible for this study: 13 609 who had gestational diabetes, and 245 555 women without gestational diabetes. The women were followed up over a median 3·9 years (IQR 2·8-5·6) for the development of cardiovascular disease. Each 1 mmol/L increment in the glucose challenge test result was associated with a 13% higher risk of cardiovascular disease (after adjustment for age, ethnicity, income, and rurality, adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1·13, 95% CI 1·04-1·22). This relationship persisted after excluding women with gestational diabetes (1·14, 1·01-1·28). In women without gestational diabetes, those with an abnormal glucose challenge test result (≥7·8 mmol/L) and those with a result between 7·2 and 7·7 mmol/L had an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (HR 1·94, 95% CI 1·29-2·92; and 1·65, 0·99-2·76, respectively), compared with those with a result of 7·1 mmol/L or less (overall p=0·003). INTERPRETATION: The relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease extends into the normoglycaemic range. Accordingly, glucose screening in pregnancy could identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who do not have gestational diabetes. FUNDING: None.
Renal hemodynamics in normal and hypertensive pregnancy: lessons from micropuncture.; Rats are an excellent animal model in which to study the changes in renal hemodynamics associated with normal pregnancy. Midterm pregnant rats exhibit a maximal renal vasodilation leading to increases in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and renal plasma flow (RPF). Micropuncture studies in midterm pregnant Munich-Wistar rats have shown that single-nephron GFR (SNGFR) increases, due entirely to increases in plasma flow and, importantly, glomerular capillary blood pressure (PGC) remains unchanged in normotensive pregnancy, due to parallel and proportionally similar reductions in preglomerular (RA) and efferent (RE) arteriolar resistance. Despite the chronic gestational renal vasodilation, pregnancy in normotensive rats with either normal kidneys or a variety of underlying diseases, causes no adverse changes in renal function, perhaps because the glomeruli are protected from damaging high PGC. In the presence of systemic hypertension, the renal vasodilation of pregnancy could put the maternal kidney at risk of injury due to increases in PGC. There are few renal functional studies in preexisting, essential hypertension, but micropuncture studies in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHRs) have shown that repetitive pregnancies in SHRs cause no functional impairment. Surprisingly, SHRs demonstrated no gestational renal vasodilation, although gestational decreases in peripheral resistance certainly occur in the SHR. This absence of gestational renal vasodilation may be a protective mechanism; it remains to be determined whether hypertensive states in which renal vasodilation does occur are associated with increased risk to the maternal kidney.
The Association of Family History of Premature Cardiovascular Disease or Diabetes Mellitus on the Occurrence of Gestational Hypertensive Disease and Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational hypertensive diseases (GHD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, the association between gestational medical diseases and familial history of CVD has not been investigated to date. In the present study, we examined the association between familial history of CVD and GHD or GDM via reliable questionnaires in a large cohort of registered nurses. METHODS: The Korean Nurses' Survey was conducted through a web-based computer-assisted self-interview, which was developed through consultation with cardiologists, gynecologists, and statisticians. We enrolled a total of 9,989 female registered nurses who reliably answered the questionnaires including family history of premature CVD (FHpCVD), hypertension (FHH), and diabetes mellitus (FHDM) based on their medical knowledge. Either multivariable logistic regression analysis or generalized estimation equation was used to clarify the effect of positive family histories on GHD and GDM in subjects or at each repeated pregnancy in an individual. RESULTS: In this survey, 3,695 subjects had at least 1 pregnancy and 8,783 cumulative pregnancies. Among them, 247 interviewees (6.3%) experienced GHD and 120 (3.1%) experienced GDM. In a multivariable analysis adjusted for age, obstetric, and gynecologic variables, age at the first pregnancy over 35 years (adjusted OR 1.61, 95% CI 1.02-2.43) and FHpCVD (adjusted OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.16-2.22) were risk factors for GHD in individuals, whereas FHH was not. FHDM and history of infertility therapy were risk factors for GDM in individuals (adjusted OR 2.68, 95% CI 1.86-3.86; 1.84, 95% CI 1.05-3.23, respectively). In any repeated pregnancies in an individual, age at the current pregnancy and at the first pregnancy, and FHpCVD were risk factors for GHD, while age at the current pregnancy, history of infertility therapy, and FHDM were risk factors for GDM. CONCLUSIONS: The FHpCVD and FHDM are significantly associated with GHD and GDM, respectively. Meticulous family histories should be obtained, and women with family histories of these conditions should be carefully monitored during pregnancy.
Electronic Health Records to Predict Gestational Diabetes Risk.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common pregnancy complication associated with significant adverse health outcomes for both women and infants. Effective screening and early prediction tools as part of routine clinical care are needed to reduce the impact of the disease on the baby and mother. Using large-scale electronic health records, Artzi and colleagues developed and evaluated a machine learning driven tool to identify women at high and low risk of GDM. Their findings showcase how artificial intelligence approaches can potentially be embedded in clinical care to enable accurate and rapid risk stratification.
Outcomes of gestational diabetes in Sweden depending on country of birth.; OBJECTIVE: To analyze maternal and neonatal outcomes for women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Sweden, depending on country of birth (Nordic vs. non-Nordic women). DESIGN: Population-based cohort study using the Swedish Medical Birth register. SETTING: Data on pregnant women in Sweden with diagnosed GDM. POPULATION: All singleton births to women with GDM between 1998 and 2007 (n = 8560). METHODS: Logistic regression in an adjusted model to assess the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Chi-squared tests or Student's unpaired t-tests were used to analyze differences between maternal and fetal characteristics. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal and neonatal complications. RESULTS: GDM incidence was higher at 2.0% among non-Nordic women, compared with 0.7% in the Nordic group. The non-Nordic women were older, had less chronic hypertensive disease, smoked less, and had lower BMI and shorter height. Preeclampsia was significantly lower in the non-Nordic group. The mean birthweight (3561 vs. 3698 g, p < 0.001) and the large-for-gestational age rate (11.7 vs. 17.5%, p < 0.001) were significantly lower in the non-Nordic group. Large-for-gestational age was dependent on maternal height [crude odds ratio 0.6 (0.5-0.7) and adjusted odds ratio 0.8 (0.6-0.9)]. CONCLUSIONS: Non-Nordic women with GDM in Sweden have better obstetrical and neonatal outcomes than Nordic women. These results do not support the idea of inequality of health care. Large-for-gestational age as a diagnosis is highly dependent on maternal height, which raises the question of the need for individualized growth curves.
Elevated blood pressure in pregnancy and subsequent chronic disease risk.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia, a new-onset hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, is associated with lifetime cardiovascular disease risk, but less is known about risk after other pregnancy-related hypertension. METHODS AND RESULTS: The Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 included all expected births from 1 year (N=12 055 women). Blood pressure measurements and other prospective data were determined from prenatal care records and questionnaires for 10 314 women. Subsequent diagnoses were ascertained from Finnish registries (average follow-up, 39.4 years). Adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) estimate risks in hypertensive women compared with normotensive women. Hypertension during pregnancy was associated with increased risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease and arterial hypertension. Women with chronic hypertension and superimposed preeclampsia/eclampsia had high risk for future diseases. Gestational hypertension was associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease (HR, 1.44 [95% CI, 1.24-1.68]), myocardial infarcts (HR, 1.75 [95% CI, 1.40-2.19]), myocardial infarct death (HR, 3.00 [95% CI, 1.98-4.55]), heart failure (HR, 1.78 [95% CI, 1.43-2.21]), ischemic stroke (HR, 1.59 [95% CI, 1.24-2.04]), kidney disease (HR, 1.91 [95% CI, 1.18-3.09]), and diabetes mellitus (HR, 1.52 [95% CI, 1.21-1.89]). Isolated systolic hypertension was associated with increased risk of myocardial infarct death (HR, 2.15 [95% CI, 1.35-3.41]), heart failure (HR, 1.43 [95% CI, 1.13-1.82]), and diabetes mellitus (HR, 1.42 [95% CI, 1.13-1.78]), whereas isolated diastolic hypertension was associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease (HR, 1.26 [95% CI, 1.05-1.50]). Results were similar in nonsmoking women aged <35 years with normal weight and no diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated blood pressure during pregnancy, regardless of type and even without known risk factors, signals high risk of later cardiovascular disease, chronic kidney disease, and diabetes mellitus. Clinical monitoring, risk factor evaluation, and early intervention could benefit women with hypertension in pregnancy.
Risk prediction of maternal cardiovascular disease one year after hypertensive pregnancy complications or gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Previous preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus show a firm epidemiological association to maternal cardiovascular disease risk. Cardiovascular disease risk assessment is recommended in women after these pregnancy complications, but not offered in most countries. We therefore wanted to evaluate the applicability of currently recommended cardiovascular disease risk scores for women one-year postpartum of such pregnancy complications. DESIGN AND METHODS: We tested applicability of three scoring systems, the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) score, the Joint British Societies for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease (JBS3) score and Framingham 30 year Risk Score-Cardiovascular Disease (FRS-CVD) in 235 women one-year postpartum (controls: 94, gestational hypertension: 35, preeclampsia: 81, gestational diabetes mellitus: 25). Statistical analysis was performed with Mann-Whitney U test for continuous and Fisher's mid-corrected p and Pearson's r for dichotomous variables. A value of p < 0.050 was considered significant. RESULTS: Most women (87.7%) were below 40 years of age, rendering 10-year risk estimations recommended by American and European societies inapplicable. FRS-CVD could be assessed in all women. Significantly fewer could be assessed by the ASCVD (81.5%) and JBS3 (91.6%). All scoring systems showed small, but significant increases in risk scores for one or more of the pregnancy complication groups, but none at the risk magnitude for cardiovascular disease shown in epidemiological studies. CONCLUSION: We demonstrate that ASCVD, JBS3 and FRS-CVD are inadequate in assessing cardiovascular disease risk one-year postpartum. We suggest that pregnancy complications need to be considered separately when evaluating maternal cardiovascular disease risk and need for postpartum follow-up.
Speckle tracking and myocardial tissue imaging in infant of diabetic mother with gestational and pregestational diabetes.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the myocardial changes in infants of diabetic mother either with gestational or pregestational diabetes and its relation to maternal diabetic control. The study included 45 infants of diabetic mother (IDMs) and 45 healthy newborn as a control group. IDMs were then categorized into 2 subgroups: twenty infants of mother with pregestational diabetes and twenty-five infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. The studied groups underwent measurement of the maternal and neonatal glycated Hb % (HbA1c), conventional echocardiography, tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging (STI). The weight, the rate of complications, and the rate of cesarean section were significantly higher in the IDMs group than in the control group. Significant positive correlation was present between the levels of HbA1c of IDMs and HbA1c of their mothers (P < 0.05). A significant deterioration of both systolic and diastolic functions measured by both conventional echocardiography and TDI was present in IDMs with both pre-gestational and gestational diabetes compared with the control group. Also, the septal/posterior wall ratio (SW/PW) was significantly higher in pregestational (1.86 ± 0.3) and gestational (2 ± 0.4) groups than in the control group (1 ± 0.06). Two-dimensional STI showed that the cardiac torsion was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (9.66 ± 2.5) and gestational (8.66 ± 3.9) groups when compared with the control group (5.4 ± 2.4) [P < 0.0001]. It also showed that the global strain was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (-10.4 ± 3.2) and gestational (-13.1 ± 4.7) groups when compared with the control group (-19 ± 2) [P < 0.0001]. However, no significant differences were present among the two patients' subgroups in echocardiographic data except for a significant decrease of E'/A' ratio and S wave at tricuspid annulus derived by TDI and impaired global strain derived by STI in infants of mothers with pre-gestational DM than those with gestational DM [P = 0.02]. SW/PW and cardiac torsion were significantly higher in infant of diabetic mother than the normal newborn and on the contrary systolic function and global strain were significantly lower in IDMs especially in infants of mother with pre-gestational diabetes. All the previous TDI findings did not show any significant correlation to neither maternal nor fetal HbA1c. Also, there was no significant correlation between cardiac torsion and the rest of TDI data neither in IDMs group nor in the control group. TDI and two-dimensional STI were efficient and sensitive tools able to early detect cardiac dysfunction in IDMs even in the absence of morphologic cardiac changes.
Impact of diabetes, obesity and hypertension on preterm birth: Population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the impact of pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (D), obesity (O) and chronic hypertension (H) on preterm birth (PTB). METHODS: Retrospective population-based cohort study in Ontario, Canada between 2012-2016. Women who had a singleton livebirth or stillbirth at > 20 weeks gestation were included in the cohort. Exposures of interest were D, O and H, individually, and in various combinations. The primary outcome was PTB at 241/7 to 366/7 weeks. PTB was further analyzed by spontaneous or provider-initiated, early (< 34 weeks) or late (34-37 weeks), and the co-presence of preeclampsia, large for gestational age (LGA), and small for gestational age (SGA). Multivariable Poisson regression models with robust error variance were used to generate relative risks (RR), further adjusted for maternal age and parity (aRR). Population attributable fractions (PAF) were calculated for each of the outcomes by exposure state. RESULTS: 506,483 women were eligible for analysis. 30,139 pregnancies (6.0%) were complicated by PTB < 37 weeks, of which 7375 (24.5%) had D or O or H. Relative to women without D or O or H, the aRR for PTB < 37 weeks was higher for D (3.51; 95% CI 3.26-3.78) and H (3.81; 95% CI 3.55-4.10) than O (1.14; 95% CI 1.10-1.17). The combined state of DH was associated with a significantly higher aRR of PTB < 37 weeks (6.34; 95% CI 5.14-7.80) and < 34 weeks (aRR 10.33, 95% CI 6.96-15.33) than D alone. The risk of provider initiated PTB was generally higher than that for spontaneous PTB. Pre-pregnancy hypertension was associated with the highest risk for PTB with preeclampsia (aRR 45.42, 95% CI 39.69-51.99) and PTB with SGA (aRR 9.78, 95% CI 7.81-12.26) while pre-pregnancy diabetes was associated with increased risk for PTB with LGA (aRR 28.85, 95% CI 24.65-33.76). CONCLUSION: Combinations of DOH significantly magnify the risk of PTB, especially provider initiated PTB, and PTB with altered fetal growth or preeclampsia.
Effect of the smartphone application on caesarean section in women with overweight and obesity: a randomized controlled trial in China.; BACKGROUND: The rate of caesarean section (CS) is increasing worldwide. While a CS can be life-saving when medically indicated, it can cause adverse health effects for both women and children. This trial aims to evaluate the effect of the smartphone application, which aims to control the gestational weight gain, on the rate of CS in overweight and obese women. METHODS: Overweight and obese primiparas (BMI ≥ 24 kg/m(2)) with age between 20 and 40 years old were recruited at Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital, and randomly assigned into the intervention group (143 cases) and the control group (138 cases). The intervention group applied the smartphone application (App) to control gestational weight gain in addition to the usual care, and the control group received the usual care. Primary outcome was cesarean section (CS) rate. Secondary outcomes included gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, postpartum hemorrhage, neonatal asphyxia, and macrosomia. RESULTS: There was a significant difference in CS rate, with 53.3% in the intervention group and 65.4% in the control group (P = 0.044). The difference still exists in the overweight subgroup (32.6% vs. 55.6%, P = 0.04), but disappears in the obesity subgroup (63.0% vs. 69.1%, P = 0.381). The median of gestational weight gain (GWG) of the intervention group is 8.5 kg (IQR 5.5, 11.0), which is significantly less than that of the control group (median 10.0 kg, IQR [6.0, 14.0], P = 0.008). The intervention group has significantly lower rate of postpartum hemorrhage (5.19%) than the control group (12%) (P = 0.045). There were no significant differences between the groups in gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, neonatal asphyxia, and macrosomia. CONCLUSION: The smartphone assisted weight control may help reduce CS rate. The effects of the smartphone application might be via the management of gestational weight gain. TRAIL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at Chinese Clinical Trial Registry. Registration number is ChiCTR2300068845 (retrospectively registered, 01/03/2023).
Do Women with Diabetes Need More Intensive Action for Cardiovascular Reduction than Men with Diabetes?; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This narrative review makes the case for greater efforts to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women with diabetes. RECENT FINDINGS: In a recent meta-analysis including five CVOTs of diabetes medications with 46,606 subjects, women (vs men) with type 2 diabetes had a higher relative risk for stroke (RR 1.28; 95% CI 1.09, 1.50) and heart failure (1.30; 1.21, 1.40). Prior studies found higher "within-gender" RR for CVD mortality in women with diabetes although men have an absolute higher risk. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2-fold higher CVD risk than the background population. Worse CVD and CVD risk factor management in women, as well as lower female therapy adherence, contribute further to these disparities. The mechanism behind this excess risk includes biological, hormonal, socioeconomic, clinical, and behavioral factors that still require further investigation. The need for more intensive CVD reduction in women now includes more attention to screening for both incident diabetes and CVD risk factors among high-risk women.
Programming of adult cardiovascular disease following exposure to late-gestation hyperglycemia.; BACKGROUND: In utero exposure to hyperglycemia is becoming increasingly prevalent as the number of women entering pregnancy with type II diabetes, or developing gestational diabetes, increases. Both animal studies and epidemiologic investigations have found cardiovascular abnormalities in adult offspring of hyperglycemic mothers (OHM). OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that adult OHM would have abnormal cardiac function in vivo and increased susceptibility to ischemia. METHODS: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation. Serum glucose was monitored twice daily and insulin provided to maintain serum glucose at 200-400 mg/dl. Offspring were fostered to normal mothers after birth. Adult OHM were studied at 8-10 months of age with echocardiography to assess in vivo cardiac function and isolated hearts to determine the response to ischemia. RESULTS: Echocardiography found significant diastolic dysfunction in male OHM compared to male controls. In isolated hearts, baseline cardiac function and left ventricular compliance was significantly diminished in male OHM compared to controls. Ischemia caused a significant decline in heart function in controls and female OHM, while function in male OHM remained unchanged. CONCLUSIONS: Adult male OHM demonstrate programmed cardiac dysfunction. Given the growing number of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia, additional assessment of cardiac function of adults born to diabetic mothers may be warranted.
Altered diastolic function in asymptomatic infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.; Left and right ventricular filling was studied prospectively in 50 full-term (39.4 +/- 1.3 wk) asymptomatic newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Their data were compared with those of 80 asymptomatic full-term (39.8 +/- 1.2 wk) infants who served as control subjects. Infants were examined in the immediate newborn period (less than 48 h) and then again at 2-4 and 6-9 wk. Although mean weight, length, and gestational age did not differ, the mean +/- SD left ventricular dimensions during diastole (1.73 +/- 0.15 vs. 1.81 +/- 0.18 cm, P = 0.007) and systole (1.22 +/- 0.15 vs. 1.31 +/- 0.17 cm, P = 0.004) were significantly lower in infants of mothers with GDM compared with control infants. Diastolic measurements suggested a shift from the early diastolic filling of the ventricle to the later period of atrial systole in infants of mothers with GDM. A lower initial one-third area fraction and a higher peak flow velocity and velocity time integral during atrial systole were noted at the mitral valve in infants of mothers with GDM. These changes had resolved by 2-4 wk of age. The altered diastolic filling patterns in infants of mothers with GDM indicate poor myocardial relaxation and/or decreased passive compliance of the ventricular myocardium. These alterations were observed in asymptomatic infants in the absence of left ventricular or septal hypertrophy. If exposed to significant stress such as asphyxia or sepsis, the observed myocardial dysfunction could lead to higher morbidity in these infants.
Methylation analysis by targeted bisulfite sequencing in large for gestational age (LGA) newborns: the LARGAN cohort.; BACKGROUND: In 1990, David Barker proposed that prenatal nutrition is directly linked to adult cardiovascular disease. Since then, the relationship between adult cardiovascular risk, metabolic syndrome and birth weight has been widely documented. Here, we used the TruSeq Methyl Capture EPIC platform to compare the methylation patterns in cord blood from large for gestational age (LGA) vs adequate for gestational age (AGA) newborns from the LARGAN cohort. RESULTS: We found 1672 differentially methylated CpGs (DMCs) with a nominal p < 0.05 and 48 differentially methylated regions (DMRs) with a corrected p < 0.05 between the LGA and AGA groups. A systems biology approach identified several biological processes significantly enriched with genes in association with DMCs with FDR < 0.05, including regulation of transcription, regulation of epinephrine secretion, norepinephrine biosynthesis, receptor transactivation, forebrain regionalization and several terms related to kidney and cardiovascular development. Gene ontology analysis of the genes in association with the 48 DMRs identified several significantly enriched biological processes related to kidney development, including mesonephric duct development and nephron tubule development. Furthermore, our dataset identified several DNA methylation markers enriched in gene networks involved in biological pathways and rare diseases of the cardiovascular system, kidneys, and metabolism. CONCLUSIONS: Our study identified several DMCs/DMRs in association with fetal overgrowth. The use of cord blood as a material for the identification of DNA methylation biomarkers gives us the possibility to perform follow-up studies on the same patients as they grow. These studies will not only help us understand how the methylome responds to continuum postnatal growth but also link early alterations of the DNA methylome with later clinical markers of growth and metabolic fitness.
Glycaemic control is associated with pre-eclampsia but not with pregnancy-induced hypertension in women with type I diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To investigate the association between glycaemic control and hypertensive pregnancy complications. METHODS: From 1988 to 1997, we followed up 683 consecutive non-selected pregnancies in women with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Glycaemic control was assessed by assay of HbA1c. Pre-eclampsia was defined as diastolic blood pressure of 90 mmHg or more at the end of pregnancy after an increase of 15 mmHg or more, combined with proteinuria of 0.3 g or more for 24 h. Pregnancy-induced hypertension was defined similarly but without proteinuria. The same criteria were applied to a control group of 854 non-selected non-diabetic women. RESULTS: Pre-eclampsia developed in 12.8% of the women with diabetes (excluding those with nephropathy before pregnancy) and in 2.7% of the control women (odds ratio 5.2; 95% CI 3.3-8.4). In multiple logistic regression, glycaemic control, nulliparity, retinopathy and duration of diabetes emerged as statistically significant independent predictors of pre-eclampsia. The adjusted odds ratios for pre-eclampsia were 1.6 (95% CI 1.3-2.0) for each 1% increment in the HbA1c value at 4-14 (median 7) weeks of gestation and 0.6 (0.5-0.8) for each 1% decrement achieved during the first half of pregnancy. Changes in glycaemic control during the second half of pregnancy did not significantly alter the risk of pre-eclampsia. Unlike pre-eclampsia, the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension was not associated with glycaemic control. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: In women with Type I diabetes, poor glycaemic control is associated with an increased risk of pre-eclampsia but not with a risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension.
Current controversies in the mechanisms and treatment of gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a heterogeneous entity, including carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction are thought to be major determinants of its development. Its pathomechanism in many ways resembles that of type 2 diabetes. There is an evolving body of evidence from the last decade presenting similarities between gestational diabetes and the metabolic (insulin resistance) syndrome. These new observations suggest that GDM might be an early manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. The desired treatment target of GDM is normoglycemia. It can be reached by dietary treatment; however, if it fails, maternal glycemic monitoring or combined fetal-maternal monitoring, or even insulin (if required) can help reach it. Multiple daily insulin regimens are becoming more widely accepted for the treatment of GDM. Insulin analogues, however, need some more evidence to support their usefulness and safety during pregnancy. The screening for GDM, the reclassification, regular care, and follow-up of these women after pregnancy are of the utmost importance to delay or prevent not only type 2 diabetes but cardiovascular complications as well.
Economic Evaluation of Prenatal and Postpartum Care in Women With Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review.; OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to summarize evidence on the economic outcomes of prenatal and postpartum interventions for the management of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), assess the quality of each study, and identify research gaps that may inform future research. METHODS: Electronic databases including PubMed/MEDLINE, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched from January 1, 2000, to October 1, 2021. Selected studies were included in narrative synthesis and extracted data were presented in narrative and tabular forms. The quality of each study was assessed using the Consolidated Health Economic Evaluation Reporting Standards and Consensus on Health Economic Criteria list. RESULTS: Among the 22 studies identified through the systematic review, 19 reported favorable cost-effectiveness of the intervention. For prenatal management of HDP, home blood pressure monitoring was found to be cost-effective compared with in-person visits in improving maternal and neonatal outcomes. For postpartum care, regular screening for hypertension or metabolic syndrome followed by subsequent treatment was found to be cost-effective compared with no screening in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus or HDP. CONCLUSIONS: Existing economic evaluation studies showed that prenatal home blood pressure monitoring and postpartum screening for hypertension or metabolic syndrome were cost-effective. Nevertheless, limitations in the approach of the current economic evaluations may dampen the quality of the evidence and warrant further investigation.
STZ-induced gestational diabetes exposure alters PTEN/AKT/mTOR-mediated autophagy signaling pathway leading to increase the risk of neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy.; Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy has significant consequences for the unborn baby and newborn infant. However, whether and how GDM exposure induces the development of neonatal brain hypoxia/ischemia-sensitive phenotype and the underlying molecular mechanisms remain unclear. In this study, we used a late GDM rat model induced by administration of streptozotocin (STZ) on gestational day 12 and investigated its effects of GDM on neonatal brain development. The pregnant rats exhibited increased blood glucose levels in a dose-dependent manner after STZ administration. STZ-induced maternal hyperglycemia led to reduced blood glucose levels in neonatal offspring, resulting in growth restriction and an increased brain to body weight ratio. Importantly, GDM exposure increased susceptibility to hypoxia/ischemia (HI)-induced brain infarct sizes compared to the controls in both male and female neonatal offspring. Further molecular analysis revealed alterations in the PTEN/AKT/mTOR/autophagy signaling pathway in neonatal male offspring brains, along with increased ROS production and autophagy-related proteins (Atg5 and LC3-II). Treatment with the PTEN inhibitor bisperoxovanadate (BPV) eliminated the differences in HI-induced brain infarct sizes between the GDM-exposed and the control groups. These findings provide novel evidence of the development of a brain hypoxia/ischemia-sensitive phenotype in response to GDM exposure and highlight the role of the PTEN/AKT/mTOR/autophagy signaling pathway in this process.
Maternal diabetes and cardiovascular malformations: predominance of double outlet right ventricle and truncus arteriosus.; Most studies on the relationship of maternal diabetes to cardiovascular malformations (CVM) have been prospective investigations of pregnancy outcome and therefore could not identify associations with rare cardiac lesions. The results of a retrospective study shed new light on the risks of specific cardiac defects in diabetic pregnancies. The Baltimore-Washington Infant Study, a population-based case-control investigation of CVM, provides information on maternal diabetes reported in personal interviews. Among 2259 mothers of cases, 35 (1.5%) reported diabetes present before pregnancy (called "overt") and 95 (4.2%) reported diabetes only during pregnancy (called "gestational"). Among 2,801 mothers of controls, 14 (0.5%) had overt diabetes and 83 (3.0%) had gestational diabetes. Malformation-specific risks were expressed as odds ratios (OR) with 99.5% confidence intervals (CI). The strongest associations with overt maternal diabetes were found with double outlet right ventricle (OR 21.33; 99.5% CI 3.34, 136.26), and truncus arteriosus (OR 12.81; 99.5% CI 1.43, 114.64). No significant diagnosis-specific associations were found with gestational diabetes. Non-cardiac malformations were present in 23% of infants with CVM whose mothers had overt diabetes and in 26% of infants with CVM whose mother had gestational diabetes, in 32% of infants with CVM whose mothers did not have diabetes, and in 4% of controls. Double outlet right ventricle and truncus arteriosus are malformations dependent upon neural-crest-cell-derived ectomesenchymal tissues; these are precisely the conotruncal abnormalities that result from experimental ablation of the neural crest in chick embryos. The association with diabetes suggests a further etiologic link between these two lesions.
Maternal antioxidant treatments prevent diabetes-induced alterations of mitochondrial morphology in rat embryos.; Previous studies have suggested that production of reactive oxygen species by embryonic mitochondria may have a role in the induction of both high-amplitude mitochondrial swelling and embryonic dysmorphogenesis in diabetic pregnancy. The present study analyzed the relationships between a putative metabolite-induced production of free oxygen radicals, mitochondrial lipid peroxidation, and high-amplitude mitochondrial swelling in embryos during organogenesis. For studies in vitro, day 9 embryos of normal rats were cultured for 48 h with a high concentration of glucose in the absence or presence of alpha-cyano-4-hydroxycinnamic acid (CHC), a mitochondrial pyruvate transport inhibitor. The morphology of mitochondria in the neuroepithelium of the embryos was studied with the aid of transmission electron microscopy. For studies in vivo, normal and diabetic pregnant rats were fed a diet supplemented with the antioxidants alpha-tocopherol (vitamin E) or 2,6-di-tert-butyl-4-methylphenol (BHT), and the ultrastructure of mitochondria in the embryonic neuroepithelium and in the visceral yolk sac was investigated on gestational day 11. Exposure to a high concentration of glucose in vitro or to maternal diabetes in vivo induced high-amplitude swelling of mitochondria in the neuroepithelium of the embryos. The swelling of mitochondria was prevented by addition of CHC to the culture media or by maternal ingestion of antioxidant-supplemented food. In diabetic pregnancy, embryonic mitochondria during organogenesis produce free oxygen radicals that cause mitochondrial lipid peroxidation and swelling and furthermore embryonic dysmorphogenesis. Dietary supplementation with antioxidants to the mother may prevent embryonic malformations in diabetic pregnancy by inhibition of mitochondrial dysfunction.
The Role of the FGF19 Family in the Pathogenesis of Gestational Diabetes: A Narrative Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications. Understanding the pathogenesis and appropriate diagnosis of GDM enables the implementation of early interventions during pregnancy that reduce the risk of maternal and fetal complications. At the same time, it provides opportunities to prevent diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in women with GDM and their offspring in the future. Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) represent a heterogeneous family of signaling proteins which play a vital role in cell proliferation and differentiation, repair of damaged tissues, wound healing, angiogenesis, and mitogenesis and also affect the regulation of carbohydrate, lipid, and hormone metabolism. Abnormalities in the signaling function of FGFs may lead to numerous pathological conditions, including metabolic diseases. The FGF19 subfamily, also known as atypical FGFs, which includes FGF19, FGF21, and FGF23, is essential in regulating metabolic homeostasis and acts as a hormone while entering the systemic circulation. Many studies have pointed to the involvement of the FGF19 subfamily in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases, including GDM, although the results are inconclusive. FGF19 and FGF21 are thought to be associated with insulin resistance, an essential element in the pathogenesis of GDM. FGF21 may influence placental metabolism and thus contribute to fetal growth and metabolism regulation. The observed relationship between FGF21 and increased birth weight could suggest a potential role for FGF21 in predicting future metabolic abnormalities in children born to women with GDM. In this group of patients, different mechanisms may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in women in later life, and FGF23 appears to be their promising early predictor. This study aims to present a comprehensive review of the FGF19 subfamily, emphasizing its role in GDM and predicting its long-term metabolic consequences for mothers and their offspring.
Previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: A nested case-control study in Sweden.; OBJECTIVE: Pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are two common pregnancy complications that affect birth outcomes and are associated with a long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aims of this study were to investigate if the pre-eclampsia association with CVD is independent of GDM and modified by body mass index (BMI) or GDM. DESIGN: Case-control study. SETTING: Sweden. POPULATION: Cases were women with a first CVD event between 1991 and 2008 and a previous pregnancy who were matched with controls without CVD (1:5) by year of birth, age and region of birth. METHODS: Conditional logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations of GDM, pre-eclampsia and maternal BMI with CVD adjusted for potential confounders and effect modifications with interaction tests. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: CVD. RESULTS: There were 2639 cases and 13 310 controls with complete data. Pre-eclampsia and GDM were independent risk factors for CVD (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.59, 95% CI 2.12-3.17 and aOR 1.47, 95% CI 1.04-2.09, respectively). After stratifying by maternal BMI, the adjusted association of pre-eclampsia with CVD did not differ notably between BMI groups: normal weight (aOR 2.65, 95% CI 1.90-3.69), overweight (aOR 2.67, 95% CI 1.52-4.68) and obesity (aOR 3.03, 95% CI 0.74-12.4). Similar findings were seen when stratifying on GDM/non-GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-eclampsia and GDM are independent risk factors for later CVD and having both during pregnancy is a major risk factor for later CVD. The association between pre-eclampsia and CVD is not modified by BMI. Effective CVD preventive programs for high-risk women are urgently needed in order to improve women's long-term health.
Fetal cardiac hypertrophy and cardiac function in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to evaluate the relationship between fetal cardiac wall hypertrophy and ventricular function in fetuses of metabolically controlled, insulin-requiring diabetics. STUDY DESIGN: M-mode directed fetal echocardiography included measurements of left and right ventricular free wall and interventricular septal thickness and ventricular diastolic and systolic dimensions. Fetal measurements included biparietal diameter, estimation of fetal weight, and cardiac area/thoracic area. Cardiac size is expressed as a ratio of wall thickness/biparietal diameter, and function is expressed as ventricular shortening fraction (Ventricular diastolic dimension-Ventricular systolic dimension/Ventricular diastolic dimension). Fetuses of diabetics at 20 to 24, 28 to 31, and 32 to 36 weeks' gestation were compared with normal fetuses of nondiabetic mothers at similar gestational ages, which were used as a control group. RESULTS: Study and control groups were comparable in mean gestational age (22 vs 20, 29 vs 29, 35 vs 34 weeks) in each of groups 1, 2, and 3. All fetuses tested fell within these groups. Estimated fetal weight, cardiac area/thoracic area, right ventricular wall thickness/biparietal diameter, and interventricular septal thickness/biparietal diameter were greater in the study group between 32 and 36 weeks: 3227 +/- 430 versus 2235 +/- 176 gm (p < 0.05), 0.32 versus 0.29, (p < 0.05), 0.53 +/- 0.05 versus 0.44 +/- 0.05 mm (p < 0.05), and 0.50 +/- 0.3 versus 0.46 +/- 0.5 mm (p < 0.05), respectively. Right ventricular shortening fraction/left ventricular shortening fraction was significantly different from controls in this group (1.30 vs 0.89, p < 0.05). This change was a function of altered right ventricular shortening fraction in late diabetic pregnancy. Right ventricular shortening fraction in the study groups was 0.39, 0.36, and 0.52, respectively, versus 0.36, 0.41, and 0.33 in controls. Left ventricular shortening fraction in the group at 32 to 36 weeks and in controls in three groups was 0.42, 0.39, 0.40 and 0.44, 0.37. CONCLUSION: These findings reveal an increase in right ventricular shortening fraction associated with global cardiac enlargement. Myocardial hypertrophy involving right ventricular wall thickness and interventricular septal thickness in metabolically stable insulin-requiring diabetics revealed hypercontractility of the right ventricle.
Maternal diabetes in early pregnancy, and psychotic experiences and depressive symptoms in 10-year-old offspring: A population-based birth cohort study.; Epidemiological studies have suggested that maternal diabetes in pregnancy increases the risk of schizophrenia in offspring. A recent cohort study observed that maternal diabetes in early pregnancy is also associated with psychotic experiences in the general adolescent population. However, it remains unclear whether maternal diabetes in early pregnancy is specifically associated with psychotic experiences, or is generally associated with broader mental health problems, including depressive symptoms in adolescence. The present study investigated the longitudinal associations between maternal diabetes in early pregnancy, and psychotic experiences and depressive symptoms in 10-year-old offspring. Our data were derived from the Tokyo Early Adolescence Survey, a population-based survey of early adolescents (N = 4478) and their primary caregivers. Diabetes in early pregnancy was determined by records in the mother's Maternal and Child Health Handbook, documented during the pregnancy. Psychotic experiences and depressive symptoms were established through self-report by the offspring at 10 years of age. Diabetes in early pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of hallucination in the offspring (auditory hallucination [odds ratio {OR} 4.33, 95% confidence interval {CI} 1.12-16.75]; visual hallucination [OR 6.58, 95% CI 1.69-25.66]), even after adjusting for depressive symptoms and other covariates. However, the association between maternal diabetes and delusional thoughts was not significant and diabetes in early pregnancy was not associated with adolescent depressive symptoms. Our investigation suggests that maternal diabetes in early pregnancy may specifically affect the risk of hallucinatory experiences in adolescent offspring.
Fetal cardiac Doppler changes in gestational diabetic pregnancies and its relationship with perinatal outcomes.; AIM: To examine the structural and functional changes of the fetal heart in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the power of fetal cardiac Doppler parameters in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes in this group of pregnancy. METHODS: Within the study's scope, 36 cases in the A1 GDM group, 33 cases in the A2 GDM group, and 124 cases in the control group were evaluated. The relationship between structural and functional fetal cardiac parameters and perinatal outcomes was evaluated via fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: Fetal left ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) values were found to be statistically significantly higher when compared between the A1 GDM and A2 GDM groups and the control group (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively), while the E/A ratio was found to be significantly lower (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively). It was determined that the maternal blood HbA1c level showed a significant negative correlation with the fetal cardiac E/A ratio and a significant positive correlation with isovolumetric relaxation time and MPI (p = 0.000, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Adverse perinatal outcome rate was higher in the diabetic group (46.4%-22.6%). When the cases with GDM were examined in terms of perinatal outcomes, it was observed that there was a significant difference in HbA1c levels, E/A ratio, and MPI values between the cases in the group with adverse perinatal outcomes and the group with normal results (p = 0.001, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The strong relationship between abnormal cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes suggest that cardiac Doppler may be a valuable tool for fetal monitoring and management for the GDM patient group.
The temporal trend of vascular function in women with gestational diabetes.; The objective of the study was to assess the temporal changes in vascular function during pregnancy in healthy women and in those with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Assessment of vascular function was done at three time points, 11-13(+6) weeks(+days), 20-22(+6) weeks(+days) and 30-32(+6) weeks(+days), by flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), augmentation index (AIx) and carotid-radial pulse wave velocity (crPWV) in women ( n=100) with singleton pregnancies. Out of the 100 women, 20 developed GDM, who were compared with 20 healthy, age-matched pregnant women in a nested case-control design. Women with GDM had lower FMD% in the third compared to the first trimester (6.77 (4.36-9.96) vs 9.76 (6.66-16.61)%; p = 0.026); however, FMD% was similar on inter-group comparison between GDM and healthy pregnancies. AIx was significantly higher in GDM than healthy pregnancies at both first (15.35 ± 10.57 vs 6.45 ± 9.81%; p<0.05) and second trimesters (15.00 ± 8.44 vs 2.50 ± 9.01%; p<0.05). A higher AIx in early pregnancy differentiates women with GDM from those with healthy pregnancies.
Effects of Gestational Diabetes in Cognitive Behavior, Oxidative Stress and Metabolism on the Second-Generation Off-Spring of Rats.; Gestational diabetes (GD) has a negative impact on neurodevelopment, resulting in cognitive and neurological deficiencies. Oxidative stress (OS) has been reported in the brain of the first-generation offspring of GD rats. OS has been strongly associated with neurodegenerative diseases. In this work, we determined the effect of GD on the cognitive behavior, oxidative stress and metabolism of second-generation offspring. GD was induced with streptozotocin (STZ) in pregnant rats to obtain first-generation offspring (F1), next female F1 rats were mated with control males to obtain second-generation offspring (F2). Two and six-month-old F2 males and females were employed. Anxious-type behavior, spatial learning and spatial working memory were evaluated. In cerebral cortex and hippocampus, the oxidative stress and serum biochemical parameters were measured. Male F2 GD offspring presented the highest level of anxiety-type behavior, whilst females had the lowest level of anxiety-type behavior at juvenile age. In short-term memory, adult females presented deficiencies. The offspring F2 GD females presented modifications in oxidative stress biomarkers in the cerebral cortex as lipid-peroxidation, oxidized glutathione and catalase activity. We also observed metabolic disturbances, particularly in the lipid and insulin levels of male and female F2 GD offspring. Our results suggest a transgenerational effect of GD on metabolism, anxiety-like behavior, and spatial working memory.
Inflammatory Consequences of Maternal Diabetes on the Offspring Brain: a Hippocampal Organotypic Culture Study.; Gestational diabetes is a disorder associated with abnormal chronic inflammation that poses a risk to the developing fetus. We investigated the effects of experimentally induced diabetes (streptozotocin model) in Wistar female rats on the inflammatory status of the hippocampi of their offspring. Additionally, the impact of antidiabetic drugs (metformin and glyburide) on inflammatory processes was evaluated. Organotypic hippocampal cultures (OHCs) were prepared from the brains of the 7-day-old rat offspring of control and diabetic mother rats. On the 7th day in vitro, the cultures were pretreated with metformin (3 μM) or glyburide (1 μM) and then stimulated for 24 h with lipopolysaccharide (LPS, 1 μg/ml). The OHCs obtained from the offspring of diabetic mothers were characterized by the increased mortality of cells and an enhanced susceptibility to damage caused by LPS. Although we showed that LPS stimulated the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α) in the control and diabetic cultures, the levels of IL-1β and IL-6 in the OHC medium obtained from the offspring of diabetic mothers were more pronounced. In the diabetic cultures, enhanced levels of TLR-4 and the overactivation of the NLRP3 inflammasome were demonstrated. Metformin and glyburide pretreatment normalized the LPS-induced IL-1β secretion in the control and diabetic cultures. Furthermore, glyburide diminished both: LPS-induced IL-6 and TNF-α secretion in the control and diabetic cultures and increased NF-κB p65 subunit phosphorylation. Glyburide also diminished the levels of the NLRP3 subunit and caspase-1, but only in the diabetic cultures. The results showed that maternal diabetes affected inflammatory processes in the offspring brain and increased hippocampal sensitivity to the LPS-induced inflammatory response. The use of antidiabetic agents, especially glyburide, had a beneficial impact on the changes caused by maternal diabetes.
Exposure to maternal gestational diabetes is associated with higher cardiovascular responses to stress in adolescent indians.; CONTEXT: Altered endocrinal and autonomic nervous system responses to stress may link impaired intra-uterine growth with later cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that offspring of gestational diabetic mothers (OGDM) have high cortisol and cardiosympathetic responses during the Trier Social Stress Test for Children (TSST-C). DESIGN: Adolescents from a birth cohort in India (n = 213; mean age, 13.5 y), including 26 OGDM, 22 offspring of diabetic fathers (ODF), and 165 offspring of nondiabetic parents (controls) completed 5 minutes each of public speaking and mental arithmetic tasks in front of two unfamiliar "evaluators" (TSST-C). Salivary cortisol concentrations were measured at baseline and at regular intervals after the TSST-C. Heart rate, blood pressure (BP), stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance were measured continuously at baseline, during the TSST-C, and for 10 minutes after the test using a finger cuff; the beat-to-beat values were averaged for these periods. RESULTS: Cortisol and cardiosympathetic parameters increased from baseline during stress (P < .001). OGDM had greater systolic BP (mean difference, 5.6 mm Hg), cardiac output (0.5 L/min), and stroke volume (4.0 mL) increases and a lower total peripheral resistance rise (125 dyn · s/cm(5)) than controls during stress. ODF had greater systolic BP responses than controls (difference, 4.1 mm Hg); there was no difference in other cardiosympathetic parameters. Cortisol responses were similar in all three groups. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with higher cardiosympathetic stress responses in the offspring, which may contribute to their higher cardiovascular disease risk. Further research may confirm stress-response programming as a predictor of cardiovascular risk in OGDM.
Short- and Long-Term Outcomes Associated with Large for Gestational Age Birth Weight.; Large for gestational age birth weight is associated with adverse short- and long-term outcomes. Infants born with large for gestational age birth weight are at increased risk for neonatal intensive care unit admission, respiratory distress, neonatal metabolic abnormalities including hypoglycemia, birth trauma, and even stillbirth or neonatal death. The risk for many of these complications increases with higher birth weights. Individuals with large for gestational age birth weight also appear to be at subsequent increased risk for overweight/obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and even some childhood cancers. These data highlight the need for effective interventions to decrease risk across the lifespan.
Pregravid cardiometabolic risk profile and risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine pregravid cardiometabolic profile and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: GDM cases (n = 199) and control subjects (n = 381) were selected from a cohort of women who took part in a multiphasic health checkup examination at Kaiser Permanente from 1984-1996 and who had a subsequent pregnancy and were matched by year and age at multiphasic health checkup examination and age at delivery. RESULTS: Pregravid measurements of serum glucose levels of 100-140 mg/dL, body mass index of ≥ 25.0 kg/m(2), and prehypertension/hypertension level were associated independently with GDM risk (odds ratios [OR], 4.8; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.7-13.9; OR, 2.7; 95% CI, 1.6-4.3; and OR, 1.5; 95% CI, 1.0-2.3, respectively). The risk of GDM increased with the number of cardiometabolic risk factors (P < .001); adverse levels of both body mass index and glucose were associated with a 4.6-fold increased risk of GDM, compared with women with normal levels (P = .0001). CONCLUSION: Pregravid cardiometabolic risk profile may help clinicians to identify high-risk women to target for primary prevention or early management of GDM.
Evaluation of SCUBE-1 levels as a placental dysfunction marker at gestational diabetes mellitus.; Objective: To evaluate the alteration of plasma levels of signal peptide-CUB-EGF domain-containing protein (SCUBE)-1 as a marker of endothelial dysfunction and vascular injury in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to healthy pregnant controls.Methods: A prospective study conducted at an antenatal outpatient clinic of a University hospital. Fifty pregnancies with GDM and thirty healthy pregnancies as controls were enrolled in the study.Results: There was no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of age, gravidity, weight and BMI from pre-pregnancy until delivery, total weight gain, fetal weight and other hematological and biochemical parameters. SCUBE-1 levels were significantly higher in GDM patients (p = .007).Conclusions: Hyperglycemia predisposes to endothelial injury and vascular remodeling at GDM, and therefore, SCUBE-1 could be a predictor of vascular injury during pregnancy. Our study is the first to illustrate increased SCUBE-1 levels in GDM as a marker of placental endothelial dysfunction.
Trends, Predictors, and Outcomes of Cardiovascular Complications at Delivery Associated With Gestational Diabetes: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2004-2019).; Background Gestational diabetes (GD) is associated with increased risk of long-term cardiovascular complications. However, data on acute peripartum cardiovascular complications are not well established. Hence, we aimed to investigate the association of GD with acute cardiovascular outcomes at the time of delivery admission. Methods and Results We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019). International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) or Tenth Revision (ICD-10) codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and GD diagnosis. A total of 63 115 002 weighted hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 3.9% were among individuals with GD (n=2 435 301). The prevalence of both GD and obesity increased during the study period (P trends<0.01). Individuals with GD versus those without GD had a higher prevalence of obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. After adjustment for age, race or ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, GD remained independently associated with cardiovascular complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.97 [95% CI, 1.96-1.98]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR, 1.15 [1.08-1.22]), acute kidney injury (aOR, 1.16 [1.11-1.21]), stroke (aOR, 1.15 [1.09-1.23]), and arrhythmias (aOR, 1.48 [1.46-1.50]), compared with no GD. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among individuals with GD were associated with increased length (3 versus 2 days, P<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($4909 versus $3682, P<0.01). Even in the absence of preeclampsia, GD was associated with elevated cardiovascular risk. Conclusions Individuals with GD had a higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, acute kidney injury, stroke, and arrhythmias during delivery hospitalizations. As rates of GD are increasing globally, efforts to improve preconception cardiometabolic health and prevent GD may represent important strategies to improve peripartum maternal outcomes and mitigate long-term cardiovascular risk.
Association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with GDM.; AIM: There is evidence that arthrosclerosis may originate at birth, so assessment of serum lipid levels in cord blood might be important. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to compare these parameters with those in newborns of non-diabetic. METHODS: The study group included 112 women (singleton pregnancy, and GDM diagnosed following WHO criteria), and as controlled subjects, 159 matched healthy pregnant women and their newborn babies were selected. A sample of cord blood was obtained at delivery. The cord blood's insulin, glucose, and lipids (total cholesterol, high-density cholesterol, low- density cholesterol, and triglyceride) were determined. The relationships between these metabolic parameters and large for gestational age (LGA) were also assessed. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL -C), triglyceride (TG) and glucose levels between two groups but the LDL-C level, LDL/HDL ratio and insulin level were significantly higher in newborns of mother with GDM. LGA newborns of diabetic mothers, show the HDL-C level were significantly lower and LDL-C level were significantly higher than AGA (Appropriate for Gestational Age). CONCLUSION: These results show that GDM altered neonatal plasma lipids metabolism and so newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life.
Lifestyle interventions to prevent adverse pregnancy outcomes in women at high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of lifestyle interventions, including dietary guidance, health education and weight management, on pregnancy outcomes in women at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Our study included 251 women at high risk of GDM and 128 randomized to lifestyle interventions (dietary guidance, health education, and weight management); One hundred and twenty-three people were randomly assigned to a control group (regular pregnancy check-ups). Counts between groups were compared using either chi-square test or Fisher's exact test. RESULTS: Compared with the control group, the risk of GDM was reduced by 46.9% (16.4% vs 30.9%, P = 0.007) and the risk of pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) was reduced by 74.2% (2.3% vs 8.9%, P = 0.034) in the intervention group. There were no significant differences in macrosomia, cesarean section, or preterm birth (P >0.05). CONCLUSION: The lifestyle intervention in this study helped pregnant women to better understand knowledge related to pregnancy, reduce stress and anxiety, and increase intake of adequate prenatal nutrition. This intervention prevented metabolic abnormalities that may occur due to inadequate nutrient intake during pregnancy. In addition, it helped women to control weight gain, maintain appropriate weight gain during pregnancy, and reduce the risk of excessive or insufficient weight gain, ultimately lowering the incidence of GDM and PIH. This highlights the importance of early screening and intervention for high-risk pregnant women. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: https://www.chictr.org.cn, identifier ChiCTR2300073766.
The impact of chronic hypertension and pregestational diabetes on pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the impact of chronic hypertension and pregestational diabetes on pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of 532,088 women undergoing singleton births in California in 2006. Women were categorized into chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, both, or neither. Pregnancy outcomes were compared using the χ(2) test and multivariable logistic regression to control for potential confounders. RESULTS: We identified differences in perinatal outcomes between the groups. The rate of preterm birth in women with both conditions was 35.5% versus 25.5% in women with chronic hypertension versus 19.4% in women with pregestational diabetes (P < .001). The rate of small for gestational age was 18.2% in women with both versus 18.3% in women with chronic hypertension versus 9.7% in women with pregestational diabetes (P < .001). CONCLUSION: The impact of having both chronic hypertension and pregestational diabetes in pregnancy varies, depending on the outcome examined. Although some had an additive effect (eg, stillbirth), others did not (eg, preeclampsia).
Obstetric risk factors affecting incidence of low birth weight in live-born infants.; This study was conducted to determine the incidence of low birth weight (LBW) in the indigenous population of Al Ain and to identify some risk factors associated with it. The population studied included all consecutive deliveries, occurring in the 3 hospitals in Al Ain City, where almost all deliveries take place, during a 1-year period. When a LBW infant (< 2,500 g) was born, gestational age assessment was made and a questionnaire completed during an interview with the mother. For control, the first baby who weighed more than 2,500 g at birth, following the birth of a LBW was recruited. It was found that a total of 3,485 live births occurred of which 293 were classified as LBW, giving an LBW incidence of 8.4%. Of these, 73 (24.9%) were small for gestational age (< 10th percentile for gestational age). Overall, the mothers of LBW infants were found to be statistically significantly younger in age. The mothers of LBW infants also had a significantly higher number of previous LBW deliveries, twin deliveries and a larger number of premature rupture of membranes. The factors that were not significantly different in the 2 groups were diabetes during pregnancy, chronic hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, occurrence of significant infection during pregnancy, 1st and 2nd trimester bleeding, and antepartum hemorrhage. This is the first comprehensive study on the incidence of LBW infants in the United Arab Emirates. The main obstetric factors responsible for this were found to be age, number of previous LBW babies, premature rupture of membranes and multiple births.
Fetal anomalies in gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of fetal anomalies in relation to pre-conceptional blood sugar and glycosylated hemoglobin.; BACKGROUND: The risk of fetal anomalies (FAs) is increased in infants of diabetic mothers. FAs are closely related to the glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level in pregnancy. OBJECTIVES: To detect the prevalence of FAs in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIAL AND METHODS: 157 pregnant women with GDM were included in this study, and data from 151 women were analyzed. Beyond the regular antenatal check-up, the HbA1c was checked monthly during the antenatal follow-up. Collected data after delivery were analyzed to detect the prevalence of FAs in women with GDM and the risk of FAs in relation to the pre-conceptional blood sugar and HbA1c. RESULTS: The FAs were recorded in 8.6% (13) of the 151 women with GDM. The recorded FAs were cardiovascular [2.6% (4)], musculoskeletal [1.3% (2)], urogenital [1.3% (2)], gastrointestinal [1.3% (2)], facial [0.7% (1)], central nervous system [0.7% (1)], and multiple FAs [0.7% (1)]. The uncontrolled pre-conceptional blood sugar significantly increased RR [RR 2.2 (95%CI: 1.7-2.9); P < 0.001], and odds of FAs [OR 17.05 (95%CI: 2.2-134.9); P = 0.007] in women with GDM. In addition, the HbA1c ≥6.5 significantly increased RR [RR 2.8 (95% CI: 2.1-3.8); P < 0.001], and odds of FAs [OR 24.8 (95% CI: 3.1-196.7); P = 0.002] in women with GDM. CONCLUSION: In this study, the prevalence of FAs in women with GDM was 8.6%. Uncontrolled pre-conceptional blood sugar and HbA1c ≥6.5 in the first trimester significantly increased the relative risk and the odds of FAs.
Hyperglycemia During Pregnancy and Long-Term Offspring Outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review will focus on the long-term outcomes in offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes (GDM), including obesity, adiposity, glucose metabolism, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and puberty. RECENT FINDINGS: There is evidence, mostly from observational studies, that offspring of GDM mothers have increased risk of obesity, increased adiposity, disorders of glucose metabolism (insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes), and hypertension. In contrast, evidence from the two intervention studies of treatment of mild GDM and childhood measures of BMI, adiposity, and glucose tolerance do not demonstrate that GDM treatment significantly reduces adverse childhood metabolic outcomes. Thus, more evidence is needed to understand the impact of maternal GDM on offspring's adiposity, glucose metabolism, lipid metabolism, risk of fatty liver disease, and pubertal onset. Offspring of GDM mothers may have increased risk for metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism is one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes.
Prevalence of preeclampsia and uterine arteries resistance in the different phenotypes of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: This study aims to investigate the different phenotypes of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), in correlation to preeclampsia and uterine arteries resistance. MATERIALS: This is a prospective cohort study including women with and without GDM per the IADPSG criteria. Three phenotypes of GDM emerged, women with only abnormal fasting (AF) glucose levels, women with only abnormal post-load (AP) glucose levels at 60' and/or 120' and women with abnormal combined (AC) fasting and post-load glucose values. All women underwent uterine arteries doppler examination in the three trimesters and assessed for preeclampsia development. Linear regression was used to express the trajectories of uterine arteries resistance throughout the pregnancy. RESULTS: 6928 pregnant women were included, 5274 without GDM and 1654 with GDM. 546, 781 and 327 of GDM pregnancies presented with AF, AP and AC phenotypes respectively. Prevalence of preeclampsia was 17.9%, 26.8% and 30% in the AF, AP and AC phenotypes respectively (p < 0.001). In women who developed preeclampsia, AC phenotype presented with statistically different trajectory of Uterine Arteries Pulsatility Index Percentiles b = 0.129 than women without GDM and women with AP GDM phenotype b = -0.015 and b = -0.016 respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The combined abnormal phenotype presents with the highest rate of preeclampsia and the most distinct pattern of uterine arteries resistance.
Maternal diabetes and the fetal heart.; Maternal diabetes mellitus significantly affects the fetal heart and fetal-placental circulation in both structure and function. The influence of pre-conceptional diabetes begins during embryonic development in the first trimester, with altered cardiac morphogenesis and placental development. It continues to have an influence on the fetal circulation through the second and third trimesters and into the perinatal and neonatal period.
Glucose tolerance status in pregnancy: a window to the future risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women.; It has long been recognized that the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of young women at high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in the future. In recent years, however, a series of studies have revealed that antepartum glucose tolerance screening, a standard element of current obstetrical care instituted for the purpose of detecting GDM, may provide previously-unrecognized insight into a woman's future risk of metabolic and vascular disease. Indeed, it has emerged that in fact any degree of abnormal glucose tolerance detected on antepartum screening (i.e. not just GDM) predicts an increased future risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes, one that is proportional to the severity of dysglycemia observed in pregnancy. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with a history of GDM exhibit an enhanced cardiovascular risk profile and ultimately an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), risks that may similarly extend to women with milder gestational glucose intolerance as well. Thus, by providing a unique window to a woman's risk potential for future metabolic and vascular disease, glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy, as currently practiced, may offer an opportunity for the early identification of high-risk individuals prior to the onset of clinical disease. Ultimately, the insight so derived may inform strategies for postpartum surveillance, risk factor modification, and disease prevention that may eventually lead to a reduction in the burden of T2DM and CVD in women.
Postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease which should prompt screening for other cardiovascular risk factors, including dyslipidaemia. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are not routinely screened for cardiovascular risk factors. AIMS: The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of dyslipidaemia postpartum in women with GDM. METHODS: The study was performed in a large university hospital. Women with GDM had a fasting lipid profile performed 6 weeks postnatally. Clinical details were obtained from the medical records. Lipid results in our cohort were compared with healthy women of the same age. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of postpartum dyslipidaemia was 52 % (n = 51). Total cholesterol was raised in 44 % (n = 43), low-density lipoprotein was raised in 33 % (n = 32) and triglycerides were raised in 16 % (n = 16). Of the 51 women with dyslipidaemia, 73 % (n = 37) had more than one abnormality in their lipid profile. Four of the five women with an abnormal postpartum GTT had an abnormal lipid profile. Compared with healthy women of the same age, women with GDM had higher total cholesterol (p = 0.04), higher LDL (p = 0.003), higher triglycerides (p < 0.001) and lower HDL (p < 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM should be screened for dyslipidaemia postpartum and protective cardiovascular interventions offered where appropriate.
Randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: study protocol for the BEFORE THE BEGINNING trial.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes in the mother and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. The preconception period is an optimal window to adapt the lifestyle for improved outcomes for both mother and child. Our aim is to determine the effect of a lifestyle intervention, initiated before and continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This ongoing randomised controlled trial has included 167 females aged 18-39 years old at increased risk for GDM who are contemplating pregnancy. The participants were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise (volume is set by a heart rate-based app and corresponds to ≥ 1 hour of weekly exercise at ≥ 80% of individual heart rate maximum), and time-restricted eating (≤ 10 hours/day window of energy intake). The primary outcome measure is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before and during pregnancy, at delivery, and at 6-8 weeks post partum. Primary and secondary continuous outcome measures will be compared between groups based on the 'intention to treat' principle using linear mixed models. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Norway has approved the study (REK 143756). The anonymised results will be submitted for publication and posted in a publicly accessible database of clinical study results. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Clinical trial gov NCT04585581.
[Diabetic fetopathy in gravida with autoimmune hemolytic anemia complicated by steroid diabetes].; The authors made a clinicoanatomic analysis of fetal death in a 32-year-old diabetic gravida at 34-35 weeks gestational age. Fetal autopsy identified the characteristic signs of fetopathy: macrosomy, cardiomegaly, hepatomegaly, and brain weight reduction. Histological analysis revealed minute foci of leukomalacia with glial proliferation in the cerebral hemispheres; adipose and hyaline drop degeneration of cardiomyocytes in the heart, that of hepatocytes in the liver, the proximal renal tubular epithelial cells; hemorrhages in the respiratory portions of the lung. The pancreas displayed inflammation foci, hypertrophy and hyperplasia of the islets of Langerhans. Immunohistochemical studies identified cells with enlarged nuclei among the beta and alpha-cells. The placenta showed a large mass with pronounced changes. It has been demonstrated that steroid diabetes may lead to the development of diabetic fetopathy and placental changes, which are typical of maternal diabetes.
Altered fetal circulation in type-1 diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Type-I diabetic pregnancies are associated with congenital cardiac malformations, fetal cardiomyopathy, venous thrombosis and altered placental vascularization, even with tight maternal glucose control. The aim of this study was to investigate if, with good glucose control achieved with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion, normal blood flow within the fetal heart can be achieved. METHODS: Seventeen fetuses of women with well-controlled type-I diabetes were studied longitudinally to evaluate effects on the fetal circulation. Doppler frequency shift tracings, valve diameters and intercept angles were measured at right and left atrioventricular valve orifices at 4-week intervals starting at 15 weeks' gestation. Atrioventricular valve flow was calculated and compared to normal fetal data obtained in previous studies. RESULTS: Maximum and mean temporal velocities across the atrioventricular valves increased in both groups during gestation but significantly more in fetuses of type-I diabetic pregnancies. Combined ventricular output, both absolute and per kg estimated fetal weight, were also greater in these fetuses. In the normal group the ratio of the right/left ventricular output decreased significantly during gestation (from 1.34 +/- 0.28 to 1.08 +/- 0.28 standard deviations), but in type-I diabetic pregnancies this decrease did not occur (1.2 +/- 0.26 to 1.25 +/- 0.29 standard deviations)[corrected]. CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that there are significant differences in the fetal circulation between normal pregnancy and well-controlled type-I diabetic pregnancy, suggesting the existence of a compensatory mechanism which increases fetal cardiac output and causes cardiac hypertrophy.
Association between fetal fraction of cell-free DNA and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; PURPOSE: To determine the association between fetal fraction (FF) levels in cell-free fetal DNA (cffDNA) testing and adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study, conducted at a single center, involved 2063 pregnant women with normal 1st and 2nd trimester non-invasive prenatal test (NIPT) results between 2016 and 2021. Pregnancy outcomes were examined by determining the  < 4% and  < 5th percentile (3.6%) cut-off values for low fetal fraction (LFF). Pregnancy outcomes were also examined by dividing the FF into population-based quartiles. Adverse pregnancy outcomes were pregnancy-induced hypertensive diseases (PIHD), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), spontaneous preterm birth (PTB), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA), low birth weight (LBW), macrosomia, and 1st and 5th minutes low APGAR scores (< 7). RESULTS: PIHD was significantly higher in LFF (< 4% and  < 5th percentile) cases (p = 0.015 and p < 0.001, respectively). However, in population-based quartiles of FF, PIHD did not differ significantly between groups. Composite adverse maternal outcomes were significantly higher in the FF < 4% group (p = 0.042). When analyzes were adjusted for maternal age, BMI, and gestational age at NIPT, significance was maintained at  < 4%,  < 5th percentile LFF for PIHD, and  < 4% LFF for composite adverse maternal outcomes. However, there was no significant relationship between LFF with GDM, ICP and PTB. Additionally, there was no significant association between low APGAR scores, SGA, LGA, LBW, macrosomia, and LFF concerning neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: Our study showed that LFF in pregnant women with normal NIPT results may be a predictor of subsequent PIHD.
Back to the future: examining type 2 diabetic vasculature using the gestational diabetic placenta.; Understanding the association between the intrauterine hyperglycemic milieu and the development of adult diabetic vasculopathy is of particular relevance in India, where diabetes and vascular disease are prevalent. The gestational diabetes mellitus placenta is a valuable tool to examine blood vessels that have been exposed to hyperglycemic cues. We report an interesting observation in a cohort of gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental vasculature from South India. Transmission electron microscopy demonstrated pericyte detachment and pericyte ghost cells reminiscent of adult type 2 diabetic retinopathy, in gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental blood vessels that were not observed in non-gestational diabetes mellitus placentas (p ≤0.001). Endothelial cell irregularity was observed in 76% gestational diabetes mellitus foetal blood vessels as compared with 10.4% non-gestational diabetes mellitus placental vasculature (p ≤0.001). Other abnormalities noted in gestational diabetes mellitus placenta included mitochondrial abnormalities, increased micro vessel density and thickening of basement membranes. These results suggest that adult type 2 diabetic vasculopathy has developmental origins in utero.
Determinants of preeclampsia in women with type 1 diabetes.; AIMS: Despite improvement in diabetic care over the years, the incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is still very high. Therefore, the aim of our study was to determine risk factors for PE in women with T1DM. METHODS: This study was a prospective, nested case-control study on a population of 165 women with T1DM. Women were divided into 3 subgroups: normotensive (N = 141), gestational hypertension (GH) (N = 8), and PE (N = 16). Clinical data were collected in the first trimester (< 12th week), in mid-pregnancy (20-24th weeks), and just prior to delivery (34-39th weeks). IR in the first trimester was quantified using the estimated glucose disposal rate formula (eGDR, milligrams/kilogram/minute). Simple logistic regression was used to search for factors associated with PE and GH. For multivariate comparisons, we used multiple logistic regression with stepwise selection. RESULTS: All preeclampsia cases were diagnosed in primiparae. The presence of vasculopathy was the strongest determinant of PE (OR 10.8, 95% CI 3.27-35.97, P = 0.0001), followed by a history of chronic hypertension (6.05, 1.75-20.8, P = 0.004) and the duration of diabetes (1.11, 1.03-1.12, P = 0.009). However, chronic hypertension and duration of diabetes were no longer associated with PE after adjustment for the presence of vasculopathy. Higher gestational weight gain (GWG) was associated with PE, and this association remained significant after adjustment for first trimester body mass index (1.14, 1.02-1.28, P = 0.02). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure assessed in the first trimester were significant determinants of PE; however, this association was no longer observed after adjustment for the presence of chronic hypertension. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) levels from all 3 trimesters were significantly associated with PE (first trimester: 1.38, 1.01-1.87, P = 0.04; second trimester: 2.76, 1.43-5.31, P = 0.002; third trimester: 2.42, 1.30-4.51, P = 0.005). There was a negative association between eGDR and PE (0.66, 0.50-0.87, P = 0.003). Among lipids, triglycerides (TG) in all 3 trimesters were positively associated with PE, and this association was independent of HbA(1c) levels (first trimester: 5.32, 1.65-17.18, P = 0.005; second trimester: 2.52, 1.02-6.26, P = 0.05; third trimester: 2.28, 1.39-3.74, P = 0.001. We did not find any predictors of GH in the regression analysis among all analyzed factors. CONCLUSIONS: Primiparity and diabetic vasculopathy seem to be the strongest risk factors for PE in women with type 1 diabetes. However, preexisting hypertension and higher GWG were also associated with PE in women with T1DM. Among laboratory results, higher HbA(1c) and TG levels in all 3 trimesters were associated with PE. The association between higher IR and PE in women with T1DM needs further study.
Study of serum miR-518 and its correlation with inflammatory factors in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus complicated with hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy (HDCP) are common complications during pregnancy. This study estimated the correlation of serum miR-518 and inflammatory factors in GDM complicated with HDCP patients (GDM&HDCP). METHODS: Total 240 pregnant women were enrolled, including 118 cases with GDM alone, 57 cases with GDM&HDCP, and 65 healthy pregnant women. The expressions of serum miR-518 and PPARα were detected by RT-qPCR. The clinical diagnostic efficacy of miR-518 for GDM and GDM&HDCP was analyzed via ROC curve. Pearson coefficient was used to analyze the correlation between miR-518 and serum inflammatory factors (hs-CRP, IL-6, and TNF-α), and the relevance between peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor α (PPARα) and serum inflammatory factors. The targeted binding of miR-518 and PPARα was verified using dual-luciferase assay. RESULTS: Serum miR-518 was highly-expressed in GDM and GDM&HDCP patients, but far higher in GDM&HDCP patients. Serum miR-518 level > 1.815 could assist the diagnosis of GDM (81.53% sensitivity and 100% specificity). Serum miR-518 expression was positively-correlated with serum inflammatory factors. miR-518 targeted PPARα and PPARα was lowly-expressed in the serum of GDM and GDM&HDCP patients. PPARα was negatively-linked with serum inflammatory factors. CONCLUSION: High expression of miR-518 assists the diagnosis of GDM and GDM&HDCP, and miR-518 regulates the serum inflammatory factors by inhibiting PPARα.
Emergence of behavioural states in fetuses of type-1-diabetic women.; The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of tightly controlled maternal (type-1-)diabetes mellitus on the development of fetal behavioural states. Seventeen diabetic women, who required insulin (White's class C predominantly) and were treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) therapy, participated in the study. Adjustment to an insulin-pump occurred before conception or during early pregnancy. In all diabetic women (near-)normoglycemia was achieved during pregnancy, with glycosylated hemoglobin-values within the normal range (6-8.5%). Fifty-three 2-h recordings of fetal heart rate, uterine contractions and of real-time ultrasound scanning for fetal body movements, breathing and eye movements were obtained from the 17 fetuses. The fetuses were longitudinally studied between 32 and 40 weeks post menstrual age, at intervals of 2 weeks. The 3 state variables, fetal heart rate, body movements and eye movements, were analyzed for the presence of combinations meeting the definitions of the four fetal behavioural states. Findings in the fetuses of diabetic women were compared with those obtained from 28 low risk fetuses. The criteria of states were met in only 3 of 8 fetuses studied at 38 weeks and in one of two studied at 40 weeks. For comparison: in low risk fetuses studied at 38 and 40 weeks, states were present in 70% and 90% of the cases, respectively. This poorly developed state organization exhibited by the near term fetuses of the diabetic group, was related to maternal parity, but not to pre- or postconceptional onset of CSII-treatment. Fetuses of nulliparous diabetic women showed more often asynchrony of transitions (greater than 3 min) and interruption of periods of concordant association. This resulted in significantly higher percentages of 'no-coincidence' and in low incidence of behavioural states as compared with control fetuses of nulliparous women. In the few multiparous diabetic cases studied near term the development of fetal behavioural states was normal. We conclude therefore that, despite tight control of maternal diabetes, the development of behavioural states is disturbed in fetuses of nulliparous diabetic women.
Correlation between atherogenic risk and adiponectin in gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION AND OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication which increases the risk for maternal and foetal complications during pregnancy, and also significantly increases the cardiovascular risk for women's health in the postpartum. Current literature provides contradictory information on the role of adiponectin (AdipoQ) in the course of GDM. The aim of the study was to measure AdipoQ concentration in blood of women with GDM and to find correlations between this adipokine and clinical and biochemical parameters of the atherogenic risk. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The GDM group included 50 women diagnosed with GDM between 24 - 28 weeks of gestation who underwent routine prenatal tests for GDM in compliance with the guidelines of the Polish Diabetes Association. All patients underwent clinical and laboratory evaluation at GDM diagnosis. Laboratory tests included serum AdipoQ concentration, fasting glucose and insulin, OGTT, lipid parameters, C-reactive protein and fibrinogen in serum. RESULTS: The GDM group showed significantly elevated fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR values, total cholesterol, LDLcholesterol and triglicerydes as compared with the control group (p<0.05). The atherogenic index, CRP, fibrinogen in women with GDM were significantly higher than in the control group (p<0.05). AdipoQ concentrations did not differ significantly between the groups during gestation (p=0.7054). No correlations, except with the neonatal weight (r= - 0.29, p<0.05), were found between AdipoQ and the studied parameters. CONCLUSIONS: Based on the conducted studies, it may be conclude that women with early diagnosed and promptly treated GDM have a normal adiponectin level, although insulin resistant changes and increased cardiovascular risk in basic metabolic parameters are observed. Moreover, adiponectin does not reflect the atherogenic risk in pregnant women with GDM.
Assessment of Myocardial Function in Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using Deformation Imaging over the First Year of Age.; OBJECTIVE: To assess serial myocardial performance and pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) over the first year of life. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography was performed at birth, 6 months, and 1 year of age. Pulmonary artery acceleration time and left ventricular (LV) eccentricity index provided surrogate measurements of PVR. Biventricular function was assessed by tissue Doppler imaging and deformation analysis. RESULTS: Fifty infants of mothers with GDM were compared with 50 controls with no difference in gestation (38.9 ± 0.8 weeks vs 39.3 ± 0.9 weeks; P = .05) or birthweight (3.55 ± 0.49 kg vs 3.56 ± 0.41 kg; P = .95). At 1 year of age, the pulmonary artery acceleration time was lower (70 ± 11 vs 79 ± 10; P = .01) in the GDM group. LV global longitudinal strain (24.7 ± 1.9 vs 28.8 ± 1.8 %; P < .01), LV systolic strain rate (1.8 ± 0.2 vs 2.1 ± 0.3 1/s; P < .01), and RV free wall strain (31.1 ± 4.8 vs 34.6 ± 3.9 %; P < .01) were lower in the GDM cohort at 1 year of age (all P values adjusted for gestation, mode of delivery, and maternal body mass index). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings demonstrate higher indices of PVR and lower biventricular function in infants of mothers with GDM compared with controls at each time point assessed in this study over the first year of life.
Programming of Vascular Dysfunction in the Intrauterine Milieu of Diabetic Pregnancies.; With the rising global tide of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) burgeoned into one of the most common antenatal disorders worldwide. Macrosomic babies born to diabetic mothers are more likely to develop risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) before they reach adulthood. Rodent studies in offspring born to hyperglycemic pregnancies show vascular dysfunction characterized by impaired nitric oxide (NO)-mediated vasodilation and increased production of contractile prostanoids by cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2). Vascular dysfunction is a key pathogenic event in the progression of diabetes-related vascular disease, primarily attributable to glucotoxicity. Therefore, glucose-induced vascular injury may stem directly from the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment of GDM pregnancy, as evinced by studies showing endothelial activation and inflammation at birth or in childhood in offspring born to GDM mothers. This review discusses potential mechanisms by which intrauterine hyperglycemia programs dysfunction in the developing vasculature.
Glucose intolerance in pregnancy and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome in young women.; CONTEXT/OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and even mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy are both associated with increased risks of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Because the metabolic syndrome also identifies patients at risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, we hypothesized that gestational dysglycemia may be associated with an unrecognized latent metabolic syndrome. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome. DESIGN/SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: In this prospective cohort study, 487 women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy and cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum. The antepartum testing defined three gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) (n = 91); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n = 259). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The primary outcome was the presence of the metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, as defined by International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and American Heart Association/National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (AHA/NHLBI) criteria, respectively. RESULTS: The postpartum prevalence of IDF metabolic syndrome progressively increased from NGT (10.0%) to GIGT (17.6%) to GDM (20.0%) (overall P = 0.016). The same progression was observed for AHA/NHLBI metabolic syndrome (NGT, 8.9%; GIGT, 15.4%; and GDM, 16.8%; overall P = 0.046). On logistic regression analysis, both GDM (odds ratio, 2.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-3.94) and GIGT (odds ratio, 2.16; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.42) independently predicted postpartum metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Both GDM and mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy predict an increased likelihood of metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, supporting the concept that women with gestational dysglycemia may have an underlying latent metabolic syndrome.
Hospital management of diabetes.; The degree of hyperglycemia may be an important predictor of morbidity and mortality among patients with MI or stroke, and in those undergoing surgical procedures including coronary artery bypass. Hyperglycemia should be aggressively controlled from the time of hospital admission regardless of the patient's primary medical problem or previous diabetes status. Innovative systems for monitoring glucose and for delivering insulin coupled with new pharmacologic therapy, such as long-acting insulin analogues, may help reduce the morbidity and mortality occurring in the estimated 6 million annual hospitalizations that are accompanied by hyperglycemia in the United States.
Skipping breakfast before and during early pregnancy and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; BACKGROUND: There is little evidence linking breakfast skipping to the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate the prospective association of breakfast consumption with the incidence of GDM. METHODS: A total of 103,099 pregnancies were registered during study enrollment (January 2011 to March 2014), involving 97,454 pregnant women from 15 areas across Japan. Singleton pregnant women free of GDM, stroke, heart disease, cancer, and type 1 or type 2 diabetes at the study enrollment were eligible for analysis. We used a self-administered questionnaire to obtain data on demographic information, socioeconomic status, self-rated health status, disease history, lifestyle, and dietary habits of each woman at study enrollment. A semiquantitative FFQ was used for dietary assessment. We used logistic regression to obtain the OR of GDM in relation to breakfast consumption. RESULTS: Among 84,669 pregnant women for analysis, 1935 cases of GDM were documented. After adjustment for potential confounding factors including prepregnancy BMI, the multivariable-adjusted ORs of GDM for women who consumed breakfast 5-6 times/wk, 3-4 times/wk, and 0-2 times/wk were 1.09 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.27), 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.34), and 1.21 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.41), respectively, compared with daily breakfast eaters. The association appeared to be dose dependent (P-trend = 0.006) and was not significantly modified by prepregnancy BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Breakfast consumption <3 times/wk before and during early pregnancy, compared with daily consumption, was associated with an increased odds of developing GDM.
Early onset of subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Common carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasively assessed marker of subclinical atherosclerosis. Our aim in this study was to investigate CIMT in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Thirty women with GDM and 40 unaffected women (as a control group) were included in the study. Blood samples were drawn from each woman in the morning after they had fasted for at least 8 h, and levels of fasting glucose, insulin, homocysteine, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol were measured, along with the CIMT in the two groups. RESULTS: The mean triglyceride (P = 0.016) and VLDL cholesterol (P = 0.011) levels in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the unaffected women. There were no significant differences between the groups with respect to plasma levels of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and insulin. The mean homocysteine (P = 0.027) and fasting glucose (P = 0.019) levels in women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. Patients with GDM had significantly higher CIMT than did the unaffected women (0.582 +/- 0.066 mm vs. 0.543 +/- 0.049 mm, P = 0.006). CIMT correlated positively with maternal age (r = 0.316, P = 0.008), body mass index (BMI) at the time of a 50-g oral glucose load test (r = 0.414, P = 0.001) and homocysteine levels (r = 0.332, P = 0.008), and fasting glucose (r = 0.265, P = 0.031) and 1-h glucose value (r = 0.410, P = 0.001) at the time of the oral glucose tolerance test. There was a positive correlation between the presence of GDM and CIMT (r = 0.372, P = 0.001). However, stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that GDM/no GDM (95% CI +0.012 to +0.076, P = 0.008) and BMI at the time of the 50-g test (95% CI +0.001 to +0.009, P = 0.011) were independent parameters related to CIMT. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have increased CIMT compared with unaffected women.
Maternal and newborn outcomes among women with schizophrenia: a retrospective population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: More women with schizophrenia are becoming pregnant, such that contemporary data are needed about maternal and newborn outcomes in this potentially vulnerable group. We aimed to quantify maternal and newborn health outcomes among women with schizophrenia. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Population based in Ontario, Canada, from 2002 to 2011. POPULATION: Ontario women aged 15-49 years who gave birth to a liveborn or stillborn singleton infant. METHODS: Women with schizophrenia (n = 1391) were identified based on either an inpatient diagnosis or two or more outpatient physician service claims for schizophrenia within 5 years prior to conception. The reference group comprised 432 358 women without diagnosed mental illness within the 5 years preceding conception in the index pregnancy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. The primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, and small and large birthweight for gestational age (SGA and LGA). Secondary outcomes included additional key perinatal health indicators. RESULTS: Schizophrenia was associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, aOR 1.84; 95% confidence interval, 95% CI 1.28-2.66), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.72, 95% CI 1.04-2.85), preterm birth (aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.46-2.08), SGA (aOR 1.49, 95% CI 1.19-1.86), and LGA (aOR 1.53, 95% CI 1.17-1.99). Women with schizophrenia also required more intensive hospital resources, including operative delivery and admission to a maternal intensive care unit, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. CONCLUSIONS: Women with schizophrenia are at higher risk of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. Attention should focus on interventions to reduce the identified health disparities.
Relationship between serum NLRP3 along with its effector molecules and pregnancy outcomes in women with hyperglycemia.; OBJECTIVE: The study aims to investigate the levels of serum NLRP3 along with its effector molecules (Caspase-1, IL-1β, and IL-18) in the mid-pregnancy in pregnant women with hyperglycemia, and explore the relationship between NLRP3, along with its effector molecules (Caspase-1, IL-1β, and IL-18) and insulin resistance, as well as pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: The levels of serum NLRP3 along with its effector molecules (Caspase-1, IL-1β, and IL-18) in three groups of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) were measured in mid-pregnancy, and their relationship with insulin resistance and pregnancy outcomes was analyzed. The ROC curve was also used to evaluate the predictive value of serum NLRP3 inflammasome and its effector molecules for pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: There were no statistical differences in the general clinical data of the three groups, and the concentrations of serum NLRP3 along with its effector molecules were higher in the GDM and PGDM groups than in the NGT group, and NLRP3 along with its effector molecules were positively correlated with fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, and insulin resistance index in both groups (r > 0, p < .05). The incidence of preterm delivery, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, premature rupture of membranes, neonatal hypoglycemia and macrosomia was significantly higher in both groups than in the NGT group (p < .05). The value of the combined serum NLRP3 and its effector molecules in mid-pregnancy to predict adverse pregnancy outcomes was highest, and the AUCs for the combined prediction of late hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, premature rupture of membranes, preterm delivery, neonatal hypoglycemia and macrosomia were 0.84 (95% CI 0.79-0.88, p < .001), 0.81 (95% CI 0.75-0.85, p < .001), 0.76 (95% CI 0.70-0.81, p < .001), 0.76 (95% CI 0.70-0.81, p < .001) and 0.72 (95% CI 0.63-0.81, p < .001), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Increased serum NLRP3 along with its effector molecules in pregnant women with hyperglycemia are associated with the levels of insulin resistance and the subsequent development of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
[Pregnancy complications as a risk factor for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in later life].; In recent years several large epidemiological studies have been published that demonstrate that women who experience gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia have an increased risk of developing type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. 15-50% of women who experience gestational diabetes develop type-2 diabetes mellitus; the risk is particularly high in those who require insulin therapy during pregnancy. - Chronic hypertension frequently develops years after a pregnancy complicated by pregnancy-induced hypertension, especially in women who have had pregnancy-induced hypertension in multiple pregnancies. Women who experience pre-eclampsia in the first 36 weeks of pregnancy or in multiple pregnancies have an increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in later life. Therefore gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia provide an opportunity to identify individuals with an increased risk of type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease at an early age. This may create new perspectives on prevention.
Alterations in circulating human chorionic gonadotropin free alpha-subunit in insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancy: correlation with maternal characteristics.; Circulating concentrations of hCG free alpha-subunit (alpha hCG) increase throughout pregnancy. To address the hypothesis that maternal plasma alpha hCG may reflect placental dysfunction and/or adverse perinatal outcome during insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancy, alpha hCG was measured serially throughout gestation, beginning before week 12, with a specific RIA using a monoclonal antibody in 54 insulin-dependent diabetic (randomly assigned to strict and customary glycemic control) and 25 nondiabetic pregnancies. alpha hCG was significantly lower in pregnant insulin-dependent diabetic subjects than in nondiabetics subjects until 24 weeks gestation, after which it was higher until delivery. Plasma alpha hCG stabilized in nondiabetics at 32 weeks, whereas it continued to increase in diabetics until delivery, at which time it was 37% greater than that in nondiabetics (mean +/- SE, 1441 +/- 90 vs. 1052 +/- 78 micrograms/L; P less than 0.002). Values in diabetic subjects assigned to strict control were intermediate between those in diabetic subjects assigned to customary control and nondiabetic subjects. alpha hCG was greater in diabetic subjects with pregestational hypertension or microvascular disease, but not in those with pregnancy-induced hypertension. These findings were independent of the assigned goals of glycemic control. alpha hCG was not correlated with the duration of diabetes or related to premature delivery, fetal distress, birth asphyxia, or macrosomia. Thus, alpha hCG is increased during the third trimester of the type I diabetic pregnancy and is associated with preexisting hypertension and maternal microangiopathy, but is not a predictor of adverse perinatal outcome. Excessive alpha hCG secretion in diabetes may share pathophysiological mechanisms in common with those underlying diabetic microangiopathy.
Pregnancy in a woman with class H diabetes mellitus and previous coronary artery bypass graft: a case report and review of the literature.; BACKGROUND: Maternal and fetal mortality have been reported to be high in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus and ischemic heart disease. Review of the literature identified only two cases of pregnancy after coronary artery bypass surgery in diabetic patients. Because of limited case experience, there are no clear recommendations for counseling and managing such patients. CASE: We managed a pregnancy complicated by class H diabetes mellitus in which the patient had an earlier need for four-vessel coronary artery bypass surgery. The application of contemporary techniques for diabetic and cardiac management led to successful maternal and perinatal outcomes at 36 weeks' gestation. CONCLUSION: Preconception coronary artery bypass surgery, along with contemporary medical and obstetric management, may lead to improvement in the outcome of pregnancies complicated by class H diabetes.
Investigation of the effects of gestational diabetes and hypertension on retinal and choroidal microvascular circulation using swept-source optical coherence tomography angiography.; PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to investigate the microvascular changes in the retina and choroid in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and to compare the results with those of healthy pregnant subjects. METHODS: Twenty-nine pregnant subjects with coexisting GDM and PIH (group 1) and 36 healthy pregnant subjects (group 2) were enrolled in the study. All subjects were examined by optical coherence tomography (OCT) and angiography (OCTA). The retina, retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL), ganglion cell layer (GCL), choroidal thickness (CT), superficial capillary plexus (SCP), deep capillary plexus (DCP), choriocapillaris (CC) vascular density (VD), and foveal avascular zone (FAZ) were measured. RESULTS: We observed that the values of CT and VD were lower in group 1 than in group 2. No significant difference was found between groups in RT, FAZ area and CC VD. SCP and DCP VD values were higher in group 2 in all quadrants. We observed a significant increase in FAZ area and CC VD with increasing systolic blood pressure. No correlation was observed between diastolic blood pressure and FBS with other parameters. In group 1, FAZ area was significantly higher in the diet-treated group than in the insulin-treated group. CONCLUSION: Monitoring and treatment of pregnant women with PIH and GDM is important because of the risks that may occur during pregnancy. We believe that changes in microvascular circulation can be detected noninvasively with OCTA, even in the absence of clinical or retinal findings.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES: PREVALENCE AND RISKS FOR THE MOTHER AND CHILD (REVIEW).; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is chronic hyperglycemia during gestation in women without previously diagnosed diabetes. This hyperglycemia is caused by impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction in the setting of chronic insulin resistance. GDM has been found to affect approximately 4-16.5% of pregnant women worldwide. The large range of prevalence is associated with different approaches to the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which are addressed in recent organizational documents but have not yet been introduced into wide clinical practice, and therefore prevalence figures vary between countries, as well as between regions of one country. Studies have shown that overweight and obese patients or people with a family history of any form of diabetes are more likely to have GDM and the incidence of GDM increases with the age of the pregnant woman. It has been proven that half of the cases of GDM occur as a relapse in a subsequent pregnancy. Consequences of GDM include an increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, as well as macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a long-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. Despite the fact that management strategies, insulin therapy, and behavioral therapy have been discussed for a long time, the effectiveness of these methods is insufficient. This review discusses what is currently known about the epidemiology, pathophysiology of GDM, and maternal and child outcomes.
Diabetes: Rethinking risk and the Dx that fits.; Routinely screen adult patients with a sustained blood pressure >135/80 mm Hg for type 2 diabetes. Closely monitor pregnant women with 1 or more elevated glucose test results; although a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus requires 2 or more abnormal values, even 1 may be associated with a higher risk of adverse outcomes. Include latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA), a progressive form of type 1 with a slower onset, in the differential diagnosis for symptomatic patients who do not fit the classic patterns for type 1 or type 2 diabetes.
Doppler study of the umbilical and fetal middle cerebral arteries in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the correlation between Doppler parameters in the umbilical and fetal middle cerebral arteries and pregnancy outcome in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A prospective study was performed on 169 singleton GDM pregnancies in a university teaching hospital from January to December 2002. Umbilical artery (UA) pulsatility index (PI) and middle cerebral artery (MCA) PI and peak systolic velocity (Vmax) were measured every 4 weeks until delivery from the time of diagnosis of GDM. The pregnancy outcome was obtained from the hospital database. Using linear or quadratic regression, lines of best fit were drawn to compare the Doppler measurements between the two groups with normal and abnormal pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: One hundred and thirty-eight women with known pregnancy outcome completed the study. A total of 305 Doppler examinations were performed with one to four examinations for each woman. Thirty-eight women (27.5%) had one or more abnormal pregnancy outcomes: placental abruption, pre-eclampsia, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational age (SGA) infants, low Apgar scores, neonatal jaundice requiring treatment, sepsis, birth trauma, meconium aspiration syndrome, respiratory and neurological complications. There was extensive overlap of the UA-PI, MCA-PI and MCA-Vmax measurements between the two groups. CONCLUSION: A Doppler study of the UA-PI, MCA-PI and MCA-Vmax was not useful in the prediction of abnormal pregnancy outcome in GDM.
[Pregnancy and delivery course in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to assess mother and fetal outcome in gestational diabetic women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study covered 689 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. All women had been taken care of II Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology Warsaw Medical University in 1997-2001 years. The following parameters were analyzed: the patients ages, past obstetric experience, gestational age of GDM diagnosis, pregnancy complications, delivery course and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: Among study group 11.9% patients required insulin to maintain blood glucose concentration in normal range. GDM was mostly (44.1%) diagnosed between 29 and 34 weeks of pregnancy. At the recommended gestational age of screening tests--24-28 weeks--there were detected only 33.4% GDM. The most frequent pregnancy complication was imminent preterm delivery (16.7%). Delivery at term occurred of 89.1% of cases. Percentage of preterm deliveries was 10.9%. Spontaneous vaginal deliveries were the most frequent (72.5%). 23.2% women were delivered by Cesarean section. The most frequent indication of surgical labor were the symptoms of intrauterine fetal asphyxia (35.6%) and cephalo-pelvic disproportion (26.3%). Most of the newborn (83.3%) had normal birth weight between 2500 g and 4000 g. Among infants the most frequent complications were: hyperbilirubinemia (17.3%) and hypoglicemia (15.6%). Intranatal death occurred in 0.1% of cases, whereas neonatal death--0.4%. Congenital defects were found in 4.3% of all offspring. The most frequent congenital malformation was heart defect--1.3% of newborns (almost half of all congenital defects) CONCLUSIONS: Early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and specialists obstetric surveillance prevent of pregnancy complications and perinatal mortality, morbidity.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Innovative Approach to Prediction, Diagnosis, Management, and Prevention of Future NCD-Mother and Offspring.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the commonest medical complication of pregnancy. The association of GDM with immediate pregnancy complications including excess fetal growth and adiposity with subsequent risk of birth trauma and with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is well recognized. However, the associations with wide ranges of longer-term health outcomes for mother and baby, including the lifetime risks of obesity, pre-diabetes, and diabetes and cardiovascular disease have received less attention and few health systems address these important issues in a systematic way. This article reviews historical and recent data regarding prediction of GDM using demographic, clinical, and biochemical parameters. We evaluate current and potential future diagnostic approaches designed to most effectively identify GDM and extend this analysis into a critical evaluation of lifestyle and nutritional/pharmacologic interventions designed to prevent the development of GDM. The general approach to management of GDM during pregnancy is then discussed and the major final focus of the article revolves around the importance of a GDM diagnosis as a future marker of the risk of non-communicable disease (NCD), in particular pre-diabetes, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, both in mother and offspring.
Brain Development in Infants of Mothers With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Diffusion Tensor Imaging Study.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate clinical neurocognitive performance and microstructural white matter (WM) alterations in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using diffusion tensor imaging. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Infants (corrected gestational age, 33.42-36.00 weeks) of mothers with GDM (n = 31) and gestational age- and sex-matched unexposed controls (n = 31) accomplished 3-T diffusion tensor imaging scans and neurocognitive tests. Diffusion tensor imaging measures, mainly referring to fractional anisotropy (FA) values, were compared between 2 groups, and within-group analysis of correlation between FA values and neurocognitive testing outcomes in GDM-exposed infants was conducted subsequently. RESULTS: Fractional anisotropy was significantly decreased in the splenium of corpus callosum, posterior limb of internal capsule, thalamus in infants of mothers with GDM when compared with controls (P < 0.05), reflecting microstructural WM abnormalities in the GDM group. Decreased FA was associated with worse neurocognitive performance in the exposed group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Individuals of mothers with GDM showed microstructural WM abnormalities in different brain regions, which were significantly related to worse neurocognitive performance. This might reveal that GDM directly insults the brain development of the offspring.
Cardiomyopathy and cardiac function in fetuses and newborns of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate cardiac function and structural changes in children of diabetic mothers in the fetal and neonatal period using Doppler-echocardiographic data. METHOD: A prospective, descriptive observational study conducted in a private and tertiary care service for high-risk pregnant women. It included 48 children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) considered clinically compensated during pregnancy, with a single fetus and absence of malformations. Myocardial thickness, shortening fraction, left ventricular (LVMPI) and right ventricular (RVMPI) myocardial performance index, and mitral and tricuspid valve E/A ratio were evaluated in 96 echocardiographic exams with Doppler. RESULTS: The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was 29% vs 6% p = 0.006 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The shortening fraction was 0% vs 6% p = 0.242 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. The myocardial performance index of the right ventricle was 12% vs 54% p ≤ 0.001, and on the left ventricle 27% vs 60% p = 0.001 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The ratio of mitral valve E/A waves was 6% vs 50% p ≤ 0.001 and the ratio of tricuspid valve E/A waves was 0% vs 27% p ≤ 0.001 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. CONCLUSION: A decrease in the rate of myocardial hypertrophy and changes in cardiac function parameters were observed in the fetal and neonatal periods.
Assessment of fetal cardiac diastolic function of gestational diabetes mellitus using dual-gate Doppler.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), as a common complication of pregnancy, has an increasing trend globally. GDM leads to maternal complications and fetal complications. Fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction is strongly associated with GDM. This study aims to assess the ventricular diastolic function of fetuses exposed to GDM by looking into the diagnostic parameters using both conventional method and Dual-gate Doppler method (DD). And to investigate the potential of DD method in early detection of fetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction.56 women diagnosed with GDM and 55 non-GDM pregnant women were enrolled in their 24 to 30 weeks of gestation. Conventional method and DD method were applied to measure mitral and tricuspid inflow velocities E-waves, A-waves on pulsed-wave Doppler, and mitral and tricuspid annular velocities e'-waves, a'-waves on Tissue Doppler imaging. E/A, e'/a' and E/e' ratio was calculated. The difference between GDM and control groups was statistically tested and analysed using one-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, Student t test, Mann-Whitney U test and Kruskal-Wallis test and Bland-Altman plot analysis.Intraobserver intraclass correlation coefficients of E/A, e'/a', and E/e' value of both mitral and tricuspid valve are all greater than 0.80, while interobserver intraclass correlation coefficients are between 0.71 and 0.88. Right (6.35 vs 6.79; P = .001) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by conventional method. Both left (6.16 vs 6.59; P = .036) and right (6.28 vs 6.75; P = .01) ventricular function showed significantly lower E/e' ratios in the GDM group compared with control fetuses by DD method.Exposure to high level of maternal blood glucose leads to impaired diastolic function in the fetuses. Fetal right ventricular function is a potential key point to study to enable an early detection for fetal diastolic dysfunction since the alteration and damage are more likely to happen in right ventricular. Measurement of E/e' ratio using DD method is considered as a promising method in fetal cardiac diastolic function assessment. Well or poorly control of the GDM does not have significant influence on the fetal diastolic function thus an early detection of GDM and GDM induced fetal cardiac dysfunction is necessary.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus and disorders of glucose tolerance in pregnant women with essential hypertension].; The authors revealed during dispensarization of pregnant women suffering from essential hypertension that the disease is relatively frequently associated with some metabolic disorders, i. e. obesity, gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance. They draw attention to a similarity with Reaven's syndrome in non-pregnant women. The authors recommend to screen for diabetes all obese pregnant women and those with hypertension to detect an impaired glucose metabolism and prevent foetopathies in neonates of thus affected mothers. The authors consider obesity one of the subsidiary criteria in the differential diagnosis of essential hypertension and preeclampsia.
Pregestational diabetes and fetal heart rate in the first trimester of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of our study is to evaluate if pregestational diabetes affects fetal heart rate (FHR) readings at 11-14 weeks of pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: For each patient, we recorded age, body mass index (BMI), presence of pregestational diabetes, nuchal translucency (NT), FHR, crown-rump length (CRL), biparietal diameter (BPD) and gestational age. Pregnancies were grouped according to the presence or absence of pregestational diabetes and maternal and fetal variables were compared. Ordinal regression analysis was performed to assess the influence of maternal and fetal variables on the FHR. RESULTS: We included 994 pregnancies from 2009 to 2016. Kruskal-Wallis test showed that median FHR was higher in women with pregestational diabetes than in controls (161; IQR 11 vs. 158; IQR 10, χ2 = 5.13, p = 0.02). Ordinal regression analysis showed that differences in FHR were significantly correlated with the presence of pregestational diabetes (p = 0.007) and the CRL (p = 0.042) but not with the maternal BMI, maternal age, gestational age, BPD and NT. CONCLUSIONS: First trimester FHR is higher in diabetic pregnancies than in non-diabetic pregnancies. Therefore, further research is needed to assess whether these pregnancies may benefit from a correction of FHR for a better estimation of the chromosomal abnormalities risk.
Impact of Adverse Gestational Milieu on Maternal Cardiovascular Health.; Cardiovascular disease affects 1% to 4% of the nearly 4 million pregnancies in the United States each year and is the primary cause of pregnancy-related mortality. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with cardiovascular complications during pregnancy persisting into the postpartum period. Recently, investigations have identified an altered sex hormone milieu, such as in the case of hyperandrogenism, as a causative factor in the development of gestational cardiovascular dysfunction. The mechanisms involved in the development of cardiovascular disease in postpartum women are largely unknown. Animal studies have attempted to recapitulate adverse pregnancy outcomes to investigate causal relationships and molecular underpinnings of adverse gestational cardiac events and progression to the development of cardiovascular disease postpartum. This review will focus on summarizing clinical and animal studies detailing the impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and maternal obesity, on gestational cardiometabolic dysfunction and postpartum cardiovascular disease. Specifically, we will highlight the adverse impact of gestational hyperandrogenism and its potential to serve as a biomarker for maternal gestational and postpartum cardiovascular dysfunctions.
Maternal diabetes in rats. II. Effects on fetal growth and protein turnover.; The developmental growth of the rat fetus was studied between days 14 and 21 of pregnancy in normal control, established-diabetic, gestational-diabetic, and insulin-maintained-diabetic mothers. Measurements of fetal body weights and protein mass revealed a suppression of growth in the diabetic pregnancies, probably arising from reduced hyperplasia. Growth of the liver and skin appeared to be suppressed in proportion to the whole fetus, whereas the lung, brain, and particularly the heart were relatively well protected from growth retardation. Fetal growth during development, and its retardation in association with the hyperglycemic state, was explained by measuring the rates of fetal protein turnover in vivo. Both the protein synthetic and degradative rates gradually declined during normal development. However, in the diabetic pregnancies, fetal protein synthesis was consistently lower than control rates, whereas protein degradation increased sharply toward the end of gestation. These changes in protein synthesis and breakdown probably combine to yield a smaller fetus in the absence of normoglycemia.
Diabetic embryopathy in C57BL/6J mice. Altered fetal sex ratio and impact of the splotch allele.; Maternal diabetes (types 1 and 2) induces a broad array of congenital malformations, including neural tube defects (NTDs), in humans. One of the difficulties associated with studying diabetic embryopathy is the rarity of individual malformations. In an attempt to develop a sensitive animal model for maternal diabetes-induced NTDs, the present study uses chemically induced diabetes in an inbred mouse model with or without the splotch (Sp) mutation, a putatively nonfunctional allele of Pax3. Pax3 deficiency has been associated with an increase in NTDs. Female C57BL/6J mice, either with or without the Sp allele, were injected intravenously with alloxan (100 mg/kg), and plasma glucose was measured 3 days later. A wide range of hyperglycemia was induced, and these diabetic mice were bred to C57BL/6J males, some carrying the Sp allele. Gestational-day-18 fetuses were examined for developmental malformations. Fetuses from matings in which either parent carried the Sp allele were genotyped by polymerase chain reaction. Maternal diabetes significantly decreased fetal weight and increased the number of resorptions and malformations, including NTDs. A significant correlation was found between the level of maternal hyperglycemia and the malformation rate. The sex ratio for live fetuses in diabetic litters was significantly skewed toward male fetuses. Matings involving the Sp allele yielded litters with significantly higher percentages of maternal diabetes-induced spina bifida aperta but not exencephaly, and this increase was shown to be associated with the presence of a single copy of the Sp allele in affected fetuses. Thus, Pax3 haploinsufficiency in this murine model of diabetic embryopathy is associated with caudal but not cranial NTDs.
Capillary Triglycerides in Late Pregnancy-Challenging to Measure, Hard to Interpret: A Cohort Study of Practicality.; BACKGROUND: Maternal triglycerides are increasingly recognised as important predictors of infant growth and fat mass. The variability of triglyceride patterns during the day and their relationship to dietary intake in women in late pregnancy have not been explored. This prospective cohort study aimed to examine the utility of monitoring capillary triglycerides in women in late pregnancy. METHODS: Twenty-nine women (22 with gestational diabetes (GDM) and 7 without) measured capillary glucose and triglycerides using standard meters at home for four days. On two of those days, they consumed one of two standard isocaloric breakfast meals: a high-fat/low-carbohydrate meal (66% fat) or low fat/high carbohydrate meal (10% fat). Following the standard meals, glucose and triglyceride levels were monitored. RESULTS: Median capillary triglycerides were highly variable between women but did not differ between GDM and normoglycaemic women. There was variability in capillary triglycerides over four days of home monitoring and a difference in incremental area under the curve for capillary triglycerides and glucose between the two standard meals. The high-fat standard meal lowered the incremental area under the curve for capillary glucose (p < 0.0001). Fasting (rho 0.66, p = 0.0002) and postpradial capillary triglycerides measured at home correlated with venous triglyceride levels. CONCLUSIONS: The lack of differences in response to dietary fat intake and the correlation between capillary and venous triglycerides suggest that monitoring of capillary triglycerides before and after meals in pregnancy is unlikely to be useful in the routine clinical practice management of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Screening and follow-up of pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus: A survey of primary care physicians in Belgium.; AIMS: Consensus regarding the best screening and follow-up strategy for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is lacking, resulting in heterogeneity in clinical practice. We aimed to evaluate screening and follow-up practices for pregestational type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and GDM in primary care in Belgium. METHODS: We performed an online survey among primary care physicians (PCPs) in the northern part of Belgium, Flanders. RESULTS: Responses were obtained from 379 PCPs. Approximately two thirds of participants estimated the prevalence of pregestational T2DM and GDM in Flanders at 5% and <10%, respectively. The risk of developing T2DM within 10 years after a history of GDM was estimated at <30% by nearly half of all participants. The majority of interviewed PCPs screen for pre-existing T2DM and GDM. For T2DM, fasting glycaemia was used by 92.2% whereas for GDM, 75.2% used the 50g glucose challenge test (GCT). Fasting glycaemia was the preferred test for postpartum follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: While overall guideline adherence appears favourable, the prevalence of GDM is underestimated. Increased awareness on the long-term risk for women with a history of GDM is needed. The overall preference for the two-step strategy with GCT indicates that the 2019 Flemish guidelines on GDM screening are attainable in primary care.
Risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus among women screened with the two-step and one-step methods: A before-and-after study.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the risk profiles for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using a one-step and two-step screening method and diagnostic criteria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted among women screened using Carpenter and Coustan's (C&C) criteria (two-step method) and the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria (one-step method). All deliveries after 28 weeks of gestation, except for pregnancies complicated by pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, were analyzed. Multiple logistic regression was used to assess the associations between GDM and various potential risk factors. RESULTS: Risk factors for C&C-defined GDM were pre-pregnancy body mass index >24.2 kg/m(2) (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 2.49, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.92-3.23), maternal age at delivery >34 years (adjusted OR 2.46, 95% CI 1.96-3.09), history of fetal death (adjusted OR 2.56, 95% CI 1.37-4.78), and chronic hypertension (adjusted OR 3.66, 95% CI 1.50-8.91). In addition to these factors, conception assisted by reproductive technology (adjusted OR 1.64, 95% CI 1.19-2.25) and genetic amniocentesis (adjusted OR 1.19, 95% CI 1.03-1.38) were IADPSG-defined GDM risk factors. CONCLUSION: Risk factors for GDM differ with the diagnostic criteria used. This information is important when changing GDM screening strategies from the two-step approach to the one-step approach.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on carotid artery intima-media thickness in and after pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA) intima-media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the correlation between GDM and CCA-IMT in and after pregnancy. METHODS: PubMed and EMBASE databases were systematically reviewed on April 2023. Studies measuring CCA-IMT in both pregnant women with GDM and women with previous history of GDM (pGDM) vs. healthy controls were included. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of CCA-IMT were calculated using the random-effect model. RESULTS: Nineteen studies with a total of 302 GDM and 861 pGDM women were analyzed. The average value of CCA-IMT measured in GDM/pGDM (0.59 ± 0.12 mm) was slightly increased in comparison to the accepted reference limits of IMT according to age classes. Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the studies involving both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall statistic I(2) of 86.0% (p < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the studies conducted on both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall SMD of 0.89 (95%CI 0.63-1.15, p < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a p-value of 0.37, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all potential confounders (number of patients, age at pregnancy, body mass index, measuring time, follow-up duration and GDM criteria) were not significantly associated with effect modification. CONCLUSIONS: GDM in and after pregnancy is independently associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. The association between GDM and carotid remodeling is potentially mediated by the longstanding underlying risk.
Comparison of venous plasma glucose and capillary whole blood glucose in the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus: a community-based study.; BACKGROUND: Universal screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is advocated in Indian women as they have the highest frequency of GDM among the South Asian population. For this the diagnostic procedure has to be simple, economical, and evidence based. Hence, this study was undertaken to compare point-of-care measured capillary whole blood glucose (CBG) with a glucometer and laboratory-estimated venous plasma glucose (VPG) and to suggest which is feasible as a diagnostic tool. METHODS: Consecutive pregnant women in the third trimester were included in this study with the approval of the institutional ethical committee. They were given 75 g of oral glucose in the fasting state. After 2 h, CBG was measured by finger prick using an Accu-Chek(®) glucometer (Roche Diagnostics India Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai, India), and venous blood was drawn to estimate VPG in the laboratory by the glucose oxidase-peroxidase method. The diagnosis of GDM was based on a 2-h plasma glucose level of ≥7.8 mmol/L (World Health Organization criteria). RESULTS: Among 819 pregnant women, 86 (10.5%) were diagnosed as having GDM. The CBG value at a 2-h plasma glucose level of ≥7.8 mmol/L had a sensitivity of 80.2% and specificity of 98.5% with false-positive and false-negative rates of 1.5% and 19.8%, respectively. The area under the receiver operator characteristic curve of CBG was 0.991. CONCLUSION: The CBG value at a 2-h plasma glucose level of ≥7.8 mmol/L may be recommended for the diagnosis of GDM in healthcare centers where laboratory technology is not available.
Epidemiology of gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with Type 2 diabetes.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance that begins or is first recognized during pregnancy. Although it is a well-known cause of pregnancy complications, its epidemiology has not been studied systematically. Our aim was to review the recent data on the epidemiology of GDM, and to describe the close relationship of GDM to prediabetic states, in addition to the risk of future deterioration in insulin resistance and development of overt Type 2 diabetes. We found that differences in screening programmes and diagnostic criteria make it difficult to compare frequencies of GDM among various populations. Nevertheless, ethnicity has been proven to be an independent risk factor for GDM, which varies in prevalence in direct proportion to the prevalence of Type 2 diabetes in a given population or ethnic group. There are several identifiable predisposing factors for GDM, and in the absence of risk factors, the incidence of GDM is low. Therefore, some authors suggest that selective screening may be cost-effective. Importantly, women with an early diagnosis of GDM, in the first half of pregnancy, represent a high-risk subgroup, with an increased incidence of obstetric complications, recurrent GDM in subsequent pregnancies, and future development of Type 2 diabetes. Other factors that place women with GDM at increased risk of Type 2 diabetes are obesity and need for insulin for glycaemic control. Furthermore, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and afterwards may be more prevalent in women with GDM. We conclude that the epidemiological data suggest an association between several high-risk prediabetic states, GDM, and Type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance is suggested as a pathogenic linkage. It is possible that improving insulin sensitivity with diet, exercise and drugs such as metformin may reduce the risk of diabetes in individuals at high risk, such as women with polycystic ovary syndrome, impaired glucose tolerance, and a history of GDM. Large controlled studies are needed to clarify this issue and to develop appropriate diabetic prevention strategies that address the potentially modifiable risk factors.
How Do the Different Types of Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Influence Offspring Outcomes?; Background/Aim of the study: Exposure to maternal diabetes is considered one of the most common in utero insults that can result in an increased risk of complications later in life with a permanent effect on offspring health. In this study, we aim to assess the level of risk associated with each type of maternal diabetes on obesity, glucose intolerance, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the literature utilizing PubMed for studies published between January 2007 and March 2022. Our search included human cohorts and case control studies following offspring exposed at least to two different types of maternal diabetes clearly identified during pregnancy. Collected outcomes included prevalence, incidence, odds ratio, hazard ratio and risk ratio. Results: Among 3579 published studies, 19 cohorts were eligible for inclusion in our review. The risks for overweight, obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D), glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and CVD were increased for all types of maternal diabetes during pregnancy. The risk of overweight or obesity in infancy and in young adults was similar between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 1 diabetes (T1D). The risk for T2D or abnormal glucose tolerance was double for offspring from GDM mothers compared to offspring from T1D mothers. In contrast, the risk for T1D in offspring at any age until young adulthood was increased when mothers had T1D compared to GDM and T2D. The risk for CVD was similar for all types of maternal diabetes, but more significant results were seen in the occurrence of heart failure and hypertension among offspring from T2D mothers. The risk of autism spectrum disorders and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders was mainly increased after in utero exposure to preexisting T1D, followed by T2D. Conclusions: Offspring of diabetic mothers are at increased risk for multiple adverse outcomes with the highest risk detected among offspring from T2D mothers. Future work warrants large multiethnic prospective cohort studies that aim to identify the risks associated with each type of maternal diabetes separately.
Extracellular vesicles and their role in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex disorder that is defined by glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Pregnancies complicated with GDM have higher rates of maternal and fetal morbidity with short- and long-term consequences, including increased rates of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes for both the mother and offspring. The pathophysiology of GDM still remains unclear and there has been interest in the role of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs) in the maternal metabolic adaptations that occur in pregnancy and GDM. Small EVs are nanosized particles that contain bioactive content, including miRNAs and proteins, which are released by cells to provide cell-to-cell communication. Pregnancy induces an increase in total and placental-secreted sEVs across gestation, with a further increase in sEV number and changes in the protein and miRNA composition of these sEVs in GDM. Research has suggested that these sEVs have an impact on maternal adaptations during pregnancy, including targeting the pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Consequently, this review will focus on the differences in total and placental sEVs in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, the role of sEVs in the pathophysiology of GDM and their clinical application as potential GDM biomarkers.
Long-term outcomes in mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring.; Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. The magnitude of risk for cardiovascular disease after GDM is less well established. Recently, intervention trials using lifestyle modification or medications used to treat type 2 DM have successfully prevented/delayed development of DM in women after GDM. Offspring of mothers with GDM are at risk for development of obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism during childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. Factors responsible for these risks are not fully understood. Having fetal hyperinsulinism is a risk factor for development of both obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism, and might be implicated in pathophysiology. It remains to be established whether the long-term effects of exposure to diabetes mellitus during intrauterine development can be prevented.
Villous histomorphometry and placental bed biopsy investigation in Type I diabetic pregnancies.; Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (Type I) is associated with disregulation of the glucose and oxygen metabolic pathways during pregnancy, both of which affect placental villous development. Term complete placentas and placental bed biopsies, between 37 and 40 weeks, from 12 singleton pregnancies complicated by Type I diabetes were collected following delivery by elective Caesarean section. The controls consisted of 10 term placentas from uncomplicated pregnancies delivered by elective Caesarean section. Villous morphology was investigated using unbiased histomorphometric techniques, in relation to the degree of transformation of the spiral arteries and the presence of fetal macrosomia. A significant increase in fetal and placental weights, placental volume, volumes of the intervillous space and the trophoblast was found in the diabetic group compared to the controls. A significant reduction in the villous membrane specific diffusing capacity was observed between the diabetic and control groups (1.32 vs 1.72 cm3 min(-1)mmHg(-1)kg(-1), P=0.032). A significant increase in the volume of the intermediate and terminal villi, the surface area of the villi and of the fetal capillaries, and the harmonic thickness of the villous membrane was found in the macrosomic subgroup compared to the controls. There were no differences between the hypertensive subgroup with histological evidence of partial transformation of the spiral arteries and the controls. These data indicate that placental development in insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies is affected differentially when pregnancies complicated by fetal macrosomia are separated from those complicated by maternal hypertensive disorders with partial transformation of the spiral arteries. The reduction in the specific diffusing capacity of the villous membrane may contribute to the fetal hypoxia and increased fetal and neonatal morbidity associated with diabetes.
Root causes of long-term complications of gestational diabetes mellitus: Metabolic disturbances of the host and gut microbiota.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a risk of short-term and long-term complications for both mother and fetus. However, there is a lack of consensus on the screening approach and pathophysiology of GDM. METHODS: Women were screened at 24 to 28 weeks gestation using the one-step screening approach and serum samples were collected for metabolomics based on (1)H NMR spectroscopy. A random forest classifier was developed to evaluate its diagnostic efficacy on GDM. RESULTS: Serum metabolic fingerprints of women with GDM differed significantly from those with normoglycemic. Of the 59 differential metabolites identified, 25 were well-known risk metabolites associated with type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases, such as branched-chain amino acids and trimethylamine N-oxide. In addition, most of the differential metabolites were microbial metabolites or could be metabolized by gut microbes. The correlation between serum metabolites and maternal 75 g OGTT glucose values supported the establishment of a random forest classifier, which selected 21 metabolites to predict GDM with an AUC of 0.988. CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic disturbances in the host and gut microbiota may be a persistent contributor to the risk of developing type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases in GDM. Targeting microbiota is one intervention that needs to be considered.
Evaluation of gingival microcirculation in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the possible microcircularity variations at periodontal mucous level in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Overall 55 periodontally healthy and non-smoker participants were enrolled in the study by whom 30 were diagnosed with GDM (26 to 34 weeks pregnant) and 25 were systemically healthy unpregnant controls. The analysis was performed in the masticatory/gingival mucosa of maxillary anterior region and by the optical probe videocapillaroscopy technique equipped with 200× lenses. The following parameters were recorded: capillary loop visibility, capillary orientation to surface, microhemorrhages, capillary density and tortuosity. RESULTS: The average capillary density was significantly higher in participants with GDM (27 ± 5.46 no. loops/mm(2)) compared to controls (21.16 ± 3 no. loops/mm(2)) (P = 0.035) while increased tortuosity scores was observed in controls compared with the GDM group (P = 0.017). There was not any significantly difference between study groups among the other variables (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Capillary alterations including capillary density and tortuosity were demonstrated in gingival microcirculation of patients with GDM. These microcirculatory changes could provide us new understanding on the dynamics of the relationship between GDM and periodontal tissues.
Insulin resistance: the possible link between gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; Gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and diabetes are all associated with increased risks of poor maternal and perinatal outcomes. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes have been shown in population studies to have increased risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension compared with nondiabetic women. Moreover, pregnant patients with hypertension are at increased risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus. It has been hypothesized that this association could be due, at least in part, to insulin resistance. Although insulin resistance is a physiologic phenomenon in normal pregnancy, in predisposed individuals this could lead to hyperinsulinemia with the development of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, or both.
Association between pre-pregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain and perinatal outcomes in pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus: The Japan Environment and Children's Study.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: We investigated the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and perinatal outcomes stratified by pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and/or gestational weight gain (GWG). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data from the national birth cohort in the Japan Environment and Children's Study from 2011 to 2014 (n = 85,228) were used. Japan uses the GDM guidelines of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. The odds ratios (ORs) of perinatal outcomes were compared between women with and those without GDM. RESULTS: The OR (95% confidence interval) of having a small for gestational age infant in the GDM group with a pre-pregnancy BMI of ≥25.0 kg/m(2) and insufficient GWG (<2.75 kg) was 1.78 (1.02-3.12). The OR of having a large for gestational age infant of the same BMI group with excessive GWG (>7.25 kg) was 2.04 (1.56-2.67). The OR of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was higher in women with a BMI ≥18.5 kg/m(2) in the GDM group than in the non-GDM group. CONCLUSIONS: Large for gestational age and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG in either normal weight or overweight/obese women, and the relationship was strengthened when GDM was present. Women with GDM and a BMI of ≥25.0 kg/m(2) are at risk of having small for gestational age and large for gestational age infants depending on GWG.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in young women following gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) following pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: All women aged 20-49 years with live births between April 1994 and March 1997 in Ontario, Canada, were identified. Women with GDM were matched with 10 women without GDM and were followed for CVD. RESULTS: The matched cohorts included 8,191 women with GDM and 81,262 women without GDM. Mean age at entry was 31 years, and median follow-up was 11.5 years. The hazard ratio for CVD events was 1.71 (95% CI 1.08-2.69). After adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes, the hazard ratio was attenuated (1.13 [95% CI 0.67-1.89]). CONCLUSIONS: Young women with GDM had a substantially increased risk for CVD compared with women without GDM. Much of this increased risk was attributable to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes.
N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels vary by ethnicity and are associated with insulin sensitivity after gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Individuals of South Asian origin have a greater risk of cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than European individuals. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amino-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP) are commonly used for heart failure screening and diagnosis, but biologically BNP exerts several beneficial cardiovascular effects primarily by counteracting the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system. We asked whether ethnic differences in circulating NT-proBNP levels could be explained by the differences in cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk markers? METHODS: We examined 162 South Asian and 107 Nordic women in Norway 1-3 years after GDM with a clinical examination, fasting blood samples and an oral glucose tolerance test. We measured the levels of NT-proBNP, high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), leptin, adiponectin and markers of insulin sensitivity, such as the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI). Finally, we tried to identify which independent covariate best mediated the ethnic differences in NT-proBNP. RESULTS: The mean (SD) age was 35.3 (4.5) years, BMI 29.1 (6.0) kg/m(2), waist-height ratio 0.60 (0.08) and 164 women (61%) had prediabetes/diabetes. Notably, South Asian women had lower levels of NT-proBNP than Nordic women in both the normoglycemic and prediabetes/diabetes groups (median (IQR) 26  (15-38)  vs. 42 (22-66) ng/L, p < 0.001). Higher NT-proBNP levels were associated with greater insulin sensitivity in both South Asian and Nordic women (p = 0.005 and p < 0.001). South Asian women had higher levels of hsCRP (median (IQR) 2.2 (1.1-4.4) vs. 1.2 (0.3-4.2) mg/L), IL-6 (2.3 (1.5-3.2) vs. 1.5 (1.5-2.5) pg/mL), leptin (1647 (1176-2480) vs. 1223 (876-2313) pmol/L), and lower adiponectin levels (7.2 (5.3-9.3) vs. 10.0 (7.2-13.5) mg/L) and Matsuda ISI (2.4 (1.7-3.7) vs. 4.2 (2.9-6.1), p(all)<0.01) than Nordic women. Even after adjusting for these differences, higher NT-proBNP levels remained associated with insulin sensitivity (22% higher NT-proBNP per SD Matsuda ISI, p = 0.015). Insulin sensitivity and adiponectin mediated 53% and 41% of the ethnic difference in NT-proBNP. CONCLUSIONS: NT-proBNP levels are lower in South Asian than in Nordic women after GDM. Lower NT-proBNP levels correlate with impaired insulin sensitivity. Lower NT-proBNP levels in South Asian women could, therefore, be attributed to impaired insulin sensitivity rather than total body fat.
Maternal glucose levels and future risk of developing cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy has been considered as one of the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among women. Although the evidence regarding the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent CVD has been synthesised, there are no systematic reviews covering the evidence of the association among the non-GDM population. This systematic review and meta-analysis, therefore, aim to fill the gap by summarising existing evidence on the association between maternal glucose levels and the risk of future CVD in pregnant women with or without a diagnosis of GDM. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This systematic review protocol was reported following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis Protocols guidelines. Comprehensive literature searches were performed in the following electronic databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL to identify relevant papers from inception to 31 December 2022. All observational studies (case-control studies, cohort studies and cross-sectional studies) will be included. Two reviewers will perform the abstract and full-text screening based on the eligibility criteria through Covidence. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale will be used to assess the methodological quality of included studies. Statistical heterogeneity will be assessed by using the I(2) test and Cochrane's Q test. If the included studies are found to be homogeneous, pooled estimates will be calculated and meta-analysis will be performed using Review Manager 5 (RevMan) software. Random effects will be used to determine weights for meta-analysis, if needed. Pre-specified subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis will be performed, if needed. The study results will be presented in the sequence of main outcomes, secondary outcomes and important subgroup analysis for each type of glucose level separately. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Given no original data will be collected, ethics approval is not applicable for this review. The results of this review will be disseminated by publication and conference presentation. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42022363037.
Oxidative stress contributes to reductions in microvascular endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are twice as likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) and ∼7 times as likely to develop type 2 diabetes as their age-matched counterparts. However, the mechanism(s) mediating these associations remain unclear. We hypothesized that endothelium- and (nitric oxide) NO-dependent dilation would be attenuated through oxidant stress mechanisms in the microvasculature of women with a history of GDM compared with control women with a history of uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Ten HC (35 ± 4 yr) and 10 GDM (34 ± 4 yr) underwent a standard local heating protocol (42°C; 0.1°C·s(-1)). Two intradermal microdialysis fibers were placed in the ventral forearm for local delivery of lactated Ringer's (control) or 5 mM l-ascorbate. After full expression of the local heating response, 15 mM N(G)-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester (NO synthase inhibition) was perfused. Red cell flux was measured continuously by laser-Doppler flowmetry, and cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC = flux/MAP) was standardized to maximum (% CVCmax; 28 mM SNP + 43°C). Urine albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured. GDM had attenuated endothelium-dependent (GDM: 67 ± 7 vs. HC: 90 ± 4% CVCmax; P < 0.001) and NO-dependent (GDM: 54 ± 7 vs. HC: 71 ± 3% CVCmax; P = 0.001) dilation at the control site and tended to have higher urine ACR (P = 0.06). Both endothelium-dependent (R(2) = 0.53, P = 0.02) and NO-dependent (R(2) = 0.56, P = 0.01) dilation were related to urine ACR in GDM. l-ascorbate perfusion improved endothelium-dependent (82 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.03 vs. control) and NO-dependent (68 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.02 vs. control) dilation in GDM but had no effect in HC (P > 0.05). Otherwise healthy women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular endothelial function and this dysfunction is mediated, in part, by oxidative stress.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. However, the mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that microvascular dysfunction, mediated by increase in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose tolerance.
Effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Exercise may influence glucose metabolism during pregnancy. We examined the effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who followed a modified GDM meal plan. METHODS: Randomization occurred at study entry (16-20 weeks' gestation) into a low-intensity [30% heart rate reserve, low risk-30%I, n = 12; high risk-30%I, n = 11] or vigorous-intensity (70% heart rate reserve, low risk-70%I, n = 12; R-70%I, n = 11) exercise program with similar nutritional control. Exercise consisted of walking three to four times a week, gradually increasing time from 25 to 40 min/session. Free-living capillary glucose concentrations were measured once a week pre-exercise and post-exercise. RESULTS: Capillary glucose responses to exercise were strongly influenced by an interaction between GDM risk, exercise duration and exercise intensity (p = 0.006). Decreases in glucose concentrations were observed after 25 (4 ± 13%), 35 (21 ± 12%) and 40 min (15 ± 18%) of walking in high risk-30%I women, with the most noticeable decline after 35 and 40 min. In the high risk-70%I, glucose concentrations decreased significantly only after 25 (22 ± 14%) and 35 min (7 ± 23%) and increasing the exercise time attenuated glucose concentrations decline. In low risk women, regardless of exercise intensity and duration, decreases in glucose concentrations were significant and similar. CONCLUSION: To achieve the best decline in glucose concentrations, pregnant women who follow a modified GDM meal plan should walk for 25 min/session at vigorous intensity or for 35-40 min/session at low intensity if they are at risk for GDM and for at least 25 min at either low or vigorous intensity if they are at low risk for GDM.
High prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy in Cape Town, South Africa.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prevalence and associated cardiovascular risk factors 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy (HFDP) in Cape Town, South Africa. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data were collected during the index pregnancy from all women diagnosed with HFDP at a major referral hospital in Cape Town. Participants were evaluated 6 years later using a cross-sectional study. At follow-up participants had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, fasting lipogram, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a fieldworker administered the questionnaire. We used the Adult Treatment Panel III criteria for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome and individual risk factors. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostatic model of insulin resistance. RESULTS: At follow-up 220 women were reviewed. Their mean age at follow-up was 37.2 (SD 6.0) years. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors was 60.9% (95% CI 54.3 to 67.2) for metabolic syndrome, 75% (95% CI 65.9 to 82.3) for insulin resistance, 62.3% (95% CI 55.6 to 68.5) for dysglycemia, 41.4% (95% CI 35.0 to 48.0) for raised blood pressure, and 74.6% (95% CI 683 to 79.9) for dyslipidemia. Women with diabetes in pregnancy compared with those with gestational diabetes during the index pregnancy had a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (74.3% vs 54.7%, p=0.010) and dysglycemia (88.6% vs 50.0%, p<0.001) at follow-up. Lower school education attainment, having a subsequent pregnancy, waist circumference at follow-up, and fasting blood glucose at HFDP diagnosis were associated with metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: We found a high prevalence of CVD risk factors in South African women within 6 years of HFDP, which highlights the need to develop and evaluate interventions optimizing the cardiometabolic health of this vulnerable group. The main limitations of our research are the lack of a comparative group of women without HFDP and that we did not assess for CVD risk factors before HFDP.
Cytokine profile, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk in women with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus.; Inflammation is an important component of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) which could be the link between the metabolic and the cardiovascular consequences of this condition. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for MetS and an inflammation component has been described in this disease. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between cytokine concentrations, components of MetS and cardiovascular risk markers in women with late-onset GDM. Women (n=63) with late-onset GDM and 63 controls were enrolled. Clinical variables, and obstetrics and perinatal outcomes were recorded. Relationships between cytokines (TNF-α, leptin, IL6, adiponectin) and endothelial injury markers (VCAM, ICAM and selectine) were analyzed. Control vs. patient data indicated: pre-gestational body mass index (BMI) 23.46±3.73 vs. 26.97±5.07kg/m(2) (p=0.001); TNF-α 2.2±0.8 vs. 3.1±1.5pg/mL (p=0.002); leptin 18714.78±8859.08 vs. 27365.79±16209.67pg/mL (p=0.001); adiponectin 162.42±34.19 vs. 141.54±41.33ng/mL (p=0.04). Multivariate analyses showed that adiponectin had a protective effect (OR=0.9; p=0.02) and BMI carried a significant risk (OR=8.4; p=0.01) for GDM. No differences were found in endothelial injury markers. In conclusion, the cytokine profile in women with late-onset GDM is characterized by high concentrations of TNF-α and leptin and low adiponectin. This profile is related, in large extent, to an increased pregravid BMI which, potentially, may be linked to the future development of both metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
A global view of hypertensive disorders and diabetes mellitus during pregnancy.; Two important maternal cardiometabolic disorders (CMDs), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) (including pre-eclampsia) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), result in a large disease burden for pregnant individuals worldwide. A global consensus has not been reached about the diagnostic criteria for HDP and GDM, making it challenging to assess differences in their disease burden between countries and areas. However, both diseases show an unevenly distributed disease burden for regions with a low income or middle income, or low-income and middle-income countries (LMICs), or regions with lower sociodemographic and human development indexes. In addition to many common clinical, demographic and behavioural risk factors, the development and clinical consequences of maternal CMDs are substantially influenced by the social determinants of health, such as systemic marginalization. Although progress has been occurring in the early screening and management of HDP and GDM, the accuracy and long-term effects of such screening and management programmes are still under investigation. In addition to pharmacological therapies and lifestyle modifications at the individual level, a multilevel approach in conjunction with multisector partnership should be adopted to tackle the public health issues and health inequity resulting from maternal CMDs. The current COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted health service delivery, with women with maternal CMDs being particularly vulnerable to this public health crisis.
Independent effect of gestational weight gain and prepregnancy obesity on pregnancy outcomes among Saudi women: A sub-cohort analysis from Riyadh mother and baby cohort study (RAHMA).; BACKGROUND: Gestational weight gain (GWG) and prepregnancy obesity are garnering more attention as determining factors of pregnancy outcomes when it comes to the wellbeing of both the mother and her baby. This study was conducted to describe the pattern of GWG among participants of Riyadh Mother and Baby Multicenter Cohort Study (RAHMA) and to investigate the detrimental effects of excessive GWG and prepregnancy obesity on pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: RAHMA is a multicentre cohort study conducted in three hospitals in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Participants were categorized according to the Institute of Medicine into inadequate, adequate, and excessive GWG, and stratified by body mass index (BMI) into under/normal weight, overweight, and obese. To examine the independent effect of maternal prepregnancy obesity and GWG, a multivariate regression model was used and adjusted odds ratio (AOR) and 95% Confidence Interval (CI) for each outcome were calculated. RESULTS: A total of 7029 participants were included in this study; 31.8% had adequate GWG, 25.9% had excessive GWG and 42.3% had inadequate GWG, while 29.7% had normal BMI, 33.3% were overweight, 34.8% were obese, and 2.2% were underweight. Excessive GWG was independently associated with increased risk of hypertensive events, (AOR = 1.77, 95% CI 1.20-2.63). Obesity was associated with higher risk of gestational diabetes (AOR 2.11, 95% CI 1.76-2.53), hypertensive events (AOR 2.06, 95% CI 1.48-3.01), and delivery by emergency caesarean section (AOR = 1.63, 95% CI 1.35-1.97). Infants of obese women had increased odds of macrosomia (AOR 3.11, 95% CI 1.94-4.99) and lower odds of low birth weight (AOR = 0.68, 95% CI 0.53-0.88). CONCLUSION: In comparison to excessive GWG, which increases the risk of hypertensive events during pregnancy, prepregnancy obesity is associated with more adverse outcomes including GDM, hypertensive events in pregnancy and emergency CS.
Successful pregnancy following orthotopic liver transplantation for idiopathic Budd-Chiari syndrome.; Budd-Chiari syndrome is a rare and serious thrombotic event with significant morbidity and mortality. Recommendations regarding future conception and management during pregnancy have not been defined. We present a patient with history of idiopathic Budd-Chiari Syndrome and subsequent orthotopic liver transplantation who was successfully managed during pregnancy. A 24-year-old white female, gravida 1 para 0, status postorthotopic liver transplantation 5 years previously for Budd-Chiari syndrome with post-transplant insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus presented to our clinic at 7 weeks of gestation for initial prenatal evaluation. Maintenance immunosuppressive therapy and prophylactic heparin anticoagulation was administered throughout the pregnancy, which was uneventful until 35 weeks gestation, at which time pre-eclampsia and premature preterm rupture of membranes prompted labor induction. The patient developed no evidence of acute or chronic hepatic rejection and no evidence of recurrent Budd-Chiari syndrome during the pregnancy or post-partum convalescence. Prudent use of prophylactic anticoagulation, close immunosuppressive monitoring, and periodic fetal and maternal surveillance are warranted in patients with previous orthotopic liver transplantation for idiopathic Budd-Chiari syndrome and may reduce risk of recurrence during pregnancy.
No effect of gestational diabetes or pre-gestational obesity on 6-year offspring left ventricular function-RADIEL study follow-up.; AIMS: We aimed to investigate associations between pre-pregnancy obesity, gestational diabetes (GDM), offspring body composition, and left ventricular diastolic and systolic function in early childhood. METHODS: This is an observational study, including 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL; 96 with GDM, 128 with pre-pregnancy obesity) with follow-up from gestation to 6-year postpartum. Follow-up included dyads anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure, and child left ventricular function with comprehensive echocardiography (conventional and strain imaging). RESULTS: Offspring left ventricular diastolic and systolic function was not associated with gestational glucose concentrations, GDM, or pregravida obesity. Child body fat percentage correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI in the setting of maternal obesity (r = 0.23, P = 0.009). After adjusting for child lean body mass, age, sex, systolic BP, resting HR, maternal lean body mass, pre-gestational BMI, and GDM status, child left atrial volume increased by 0.3 ml (95% CI 0.1, 0.5) for each 1% increase in child body fat percentage. CONCLUSIONS: No evidence of foetal cardiac programming related to GDM or maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was observed in early childhood. Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity is associated with early weight gain. Child adiposity in early childhood is independently associated with increased left atrial volume, but its implications for long-term left ventricle diastolic function and cardiovascular health remain unknown.
Deep Insight of the Pathophysiology of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is a severe metabolic disorder, which consistently requires medical care and self-management to restrict complications, such as obesity, kidney damage and cardiovascular diseases. The subtype gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs during pregnancy, which severely affects both the mother and the growing foetus. Obesity, uncontrolled weight gain and advanced gestational age are the prominent risk factors for GDM, which lead to high rate of perinatal mortality and morbidity. In-depth understanding of the molecular mechanism involved in GDM will help researchers to design drugs for the optimal management of the condition without affecting the mother and foetus. This review article is focused on the molecular mechanism involved in the pathophysiology of GDM and the probable biomarkers, which can be helpful for the early diagnosis of the condition. The early diagnosis of the metabolic disorder, most preferably in first trimester of pregnancy, will lead to its effective long-term management, reducing foetal developmental complications and mortality along with safety measures for the mother.
Doppler umbilical artery velocimetry in pregnancy complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The mean peak systolic to end-diastolic (S/D) umbilical artery ratio was measured in 291 Doppler studies performed during pregnancy in 35 insulin-dependent diabetic women. A normal decline was observed in the umbilical artery S/D ratio, from 4.2 +/- 0.21 at 18 weeks to 2.18 +/- 0.22 at 38 weeks. There was no significant correlation between mean third-trimester S/D and either glycosylated hemoglobin (r = 0.25) or mean blood glucose levels (r = 0.15). Fetuses of women with vascular disease (class F/R or chronic hypertension) had a mean third-trimester S/D of 3.0 or higher in five of ten cases, compared with three of 25 in patients with uncomplicated diabetes (P less than .03). Mean second- and third-trimester S/D ratios differed significantly in patients with and without vascular disease: 4.34 +/- 0.7 and 3.2 +/- 0.65 versus 3.72 +/- 0.42 and 2.55 +/- 0.32, respectively (P less than .03). Two of three women without vascular disease who demonstrated an elevated mean S/D ratio developed preeclampsia and delivered appropriate for gestational age infants. In women with vascular disease, four of five with an abnormal mean third-trimester umbilical artery S/D ratio were delivered of growth-retarded infants, whereas all five with normal umbilical artery S/D ratios had appropriate for gestational age infants. In three of the abnormal cases, elevated S/D ratios were present in the second trimester before ultrasound documentation of fetal growth retardation.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Heart, arteries and women, a care pathway for women at high cardiovascular risk].; Cardiovascular (CV) diseases are the primary cause of death of women. Since they kill 10 times more than breast cancer, preventive measures should be implemented. According to U.S. recommendations, a woman is either at "CV risk" or at "optimal health status" if she has no risk factors and a perfectly healthy lifestyle. Some risk factors are more deleterious to women (smoking, diabetes, stress, depression, atrial fibrillation); or specific to women (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, contraception, menopause, headaches). The lifestyle plays a key role for them. The blood pressure measurement is the most frequent opportunity to detect women at risk. CV tests should be performed to all symptomatic women and for those over the age of 45 who want to start practicing sport. The cardiologist can play a key role to improve women's CV health by integrating their hormonal risks. Women themselves can also make a powerful contribution to prevention by adopting a healthy lifestyle. From those recommendations concerning women's CV health, there is a great opportunity to initiate a health path for women at high cardiovascular risk. The objectives of the specific path "heart, arteries and women" of University hospital of Lille will be to improve professional practice, awareness of women, educate public authorities and within a few years reduce the epidemic of CVD of French women.
Insulin lispro therapy in pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes: glycemic control and maternal and fetal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate glycemic control and maternal and fetal outcomes of patients with type 1 diabetes treated with insulin lispro before and during pregnancy. METHODS: We undertook a retrospective review of medical records of 62 women with type 1 diabetes who were treated with insulin lispro before and during pregnancy in an outpatient center specializing in the care of patients with diabetes. Outcome measures included maternal glycemic control, hypoglycemic episodes, microvascular complications, duration of gestation, fetal birth weight, and major congenital malformations. RESULTS: The mean hemoglobin A1c level (+/- standard error) was reduced from 7.2 +/- 0.2% at conception to 5.8 +/- 0.1% at the time of delivery. Of the 62 patients, 14 experienced at least one episode of severe hypoglycemia. No significant change was found in mean eye grade score for retinopathy or in albumin excretion rate during pregnancy. The mean duration of gestation was 37 weeks. The mean infant birth weight was 3.4 kg, with 24% of the pregnancies resulting in macrosomia. Major congenital malformations occurred in 2 of the 62 infants (3.2%). CONCLUSION: In our experience, insulin lispro therapy during pregnancy in patients with type 1 diabetes resulted in normalization of glycemic control and had no detectable adverse effects on maternal or fetal outcomes. A prospective, randomized study with adequate sample size needs to be performed in order to confirm these conclusions.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Meta-Analysis.; Maternal diabetes has been related to an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. However, inconsistent results were retrieved for studies evaluating the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and CHD in offspring. We therefore performed a systematic review and meta-analysis for comprehensive investigation. Observational studies were identified by searching PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science according to the aim of the meta-analysis. A randomized-effects model was used to pool the data by incorporating the influence of potential heterogeneity. Twenty-three observational studies, involving 46953078 mother-child pairs, were available for the meta-analysis. Among them, 2131800 mothers were diagnosed as GDM and 214379 newborns had CHD. Overall, maternal GDM was associated with a higher incidence of CHD in offspring [odds ratio (OR): 1.32, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.21 to 1.45, p<0.001; I2=62%]. Sensitivity analysis limited to studies with adjustment of maternal age and other potential confounding factors showed similar results (OR: 1.40, 95% CI: 1.30 to 1.51, p<0.001; I2=47%). Subgroup analysis suggested that the association between maternal GDM and CHD in offspring was not significantly affected by methods for diagnosis of GDM, methods for confirmation of CHD, or study quality scores (p for subgroup difference all>0.05). Subsequent analysis according to types of CHD showed that maternal GDM was associated with higher risks of atrial septal defect, ventricular septal defect, and Tetralogy of Fallot. Maternal GDM may be associated with a higher risk of CHD in offspring.
Patterns of referral and examination for retinopathy in pregnant women with diabetes by primary care physicians.; PURPOSE: Family practice (FP), General Practice (GP) and obstetrics-gynecology (OB/GYN) physicians were surveyed to determine whether they routinely referred pregnant patients with diabetes to an ophthalmologist, looked into the patient's eyes to screen for retinopathy, and dilated the eyes for fundi examination. METHODS: Hospitals providing obstetrical services were contacted to identify primary-care physicians. Physicians identified as having obstetrical privileges were surveyed by mail to determine if they were actively providing obstetrical care. Physicians who provided both obstetrical and diabetes care were mailed a survey. RESULTS: Of 668 physicians surveyed, 429 responded: 224 FPS, 184 OB/GYNS and 21 GPS. A relatively small percentage (27%) of physicians in both groups routinely refer all of their pregnant patients with pre-existing diabetes to an ophthalmologist. Family practice physicians were more likely to perform an eye exam to screen for retinopathy in patients with both pre-existing and gestational diabetes than OB/GYNS (p < .0005). Only 11% of FPS and no OB/GYNS reported that they dilated the eyes when performing a fundus examination (p = .04). CONCLUSION: The physicians surveyed under-utilize recommended strategies for eye care of pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. Based upon these results, we call for a recommitment to partnership of primary-care physicians and ophthalmologists in the detection and treatment of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.
Maternal complications in diabetic pregnancy.; Pregnant women with diabetes have to manage both the effect of pregnancy on glucose control and its effect on pre-existing diabetic complications. Most women experience hypoglycaemia as a consequence of tightened glycaemic control and this impacts on daily living. Less commonly, diabetic ketoacidosis, a serious metabolic decompensation of diabetic control and a medical emergency, can cause foetal and maternal mortality. Microvascular complications of diabetes include retinopathy and nephropathy. Retinopathy can deteriorate during pregnancy; hence, regular routine examination is required and, if indicated, ophthalmological input. Diabetic nephropathy significantly increases the risk of obstetric complications and impacts on foetal outcomes. Pregnancy outcome is closely related to pre-pregnancy renal function. Diabetic pregnancy is contraindicated if the maternal complications of ischaemic heart disease or diabetic gastropathy are known to be present before pregnancy as there is a significant maternal mortality associated with both of these conditions.
Glucose intolerance and other cardiovascular risk factors in chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing diabetes compared with other women. There are few data on associations between GDM and cardiovascular risk factors. Between 1988 and 1995, 801 Chinese women with a history of GDM were recruited for a 75g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and assessment of various cardiovascular risk factors, namely obesity, hypertension and dyslipidaemia, 6 weeks after delivery at the Diabetes Centre of the Prince of Wales Hospital. Another 431 women with no past history of diabetes or GDM recruited in a diabetes prevalence study were used as control subjects. After adjustment for age, body mass index and smoking, the prevalence of glucose intolerance remained higher in women with a history of GDM when compared to normal controls. The relative risks of obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance in women with a history of GDM comparing to normal subjects were, respectively, 2.4, 7.5, 2.4, 8.1 and 5.0. After excluding those with abnormal glucose tolerance, subjects with a history of GDM still had more adverse cardiovascular risk factors, including higher blood pressure, glycaemic and lipid parameters, than control subjects (after adjustment for age, body mass index and smoking). In conclusion, compared with normal subjects, Chinese women with a history of GDM had an 8-fold increased risk of having diabetes based on their OGTTs performed 6 weeks postdelivery. These women also have increased rates of other cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, high blood pressure and dyslipidaemia.
Previous gestational diabetes is independently associated with increased carotid intima-media thickness, similarly to metabolic syndrome - a case control study.; BACKGROUND: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) face a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and, consequently, a higher cardiovascular risk. This study aimed to compare the carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) from young women with pGDM to those with metabolic syndrome (MS) and to healthy controls (CG) to verify whether a past history of pGDM could be independently associated with increased cIMT. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study performed in two academic referral centers. Seventy-nine women with pGDM, 30 women with MS, and 60 CG aged between 18 and 47 years were enrolled. They all underwent physical examination and had blood glucose, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc), and triglycerides determined. The cIMT was measured by ultrasound in several carotid segments. The primary endpoint was cIMT and clinically relevant parameters included as predictors were: age, systolic blood pressure, waist, BMI, total cholesterol, LDLc, triglycerides, fasting glucose, previous history of GDM as a whole group, previous history of GDM without MS, presence of DM, presence of MS, and parity. RESULTS: cIMT was significantly higher in pGDM when compared to CG in all sites of measurements (P < 0.05) except for the right common carotid. The pGDM women showed similar cIMT measurements to MS in all sites of measurements, except for the left carotid bifurcation, where it was significantly higher than MS (P < 0.001). In a multivariate analysis which included classical cardiovascular risk factors and was adjusted for confounders, pGDM was shown to be independently associated with increased composite cIMT (P < 0.01). The pGDM without risk factors further showed similar cIMT to MS (P > 0.05) and an increased cIMT when compared to controls (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Previous GDM was independently associated with increased composite cIMT in this young population, similarly to those with MS and regardless the presence of established cardiovascular risk factors.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health.; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
Effectiveness of gestational diabetes treatment: a systematic review with quality of evidence assessment.; AIMS: To evaluate the effectiveness of gestational diabetes (GDM) treatment compared to usual antenatal care, in the prevention of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Additionally, to assess the quality of the evidence to support GDM treatment according to GRADE guidelines. METHODS: Fourteen electronic databases and reference lists of relevant literature were searched for articles published from inception to February, 2012. Controlled clinical trials comparing GDM treatment to usual antenatal care were included. Independent extraction of articles was done by two authors using predefined data fields. RESULTS: Seven trials involving 3157 women were included. We found high quality evidence that treatment of GDM reduces macrosomia (RR=0.47; 95% CI, 0.34-0.65; NNT=11.4) and large for gestational age birth (RR=0.57; 95% CI, 0.47-0.71; NNT=12.2); moderate quality evidence that treatment reduces preeclampsia (RR=0.61; 95% CI, 0.46-0.81; NNT=21.0) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (RR=0.64; 95% CI, 0.51-0.81; NNT=18.1); and low quality evidence that treatment reduces shoulder dystocia (RR=0.41; 95% CI, 0.22-0.76; NNT=48.8). No statistically significant reduction was seen for caesarean section. No increase in small for gestational age or preterm birth was found. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment of GDM is effective in reducing macrosomia (high quality evidence), preeclampsia and shoulder dystocia.
[Diabetes and Pregnancy].; The quality of metabolic control at the beginning of pregnancy already determines the course and outcome of pregnanies with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The preconceptional counseling and support provided by experienced teams is more important than modern technical equipment with insulin pumps and sensors for continuous glucose measurement. The incidence of congenital malformations is significantly reduced by a periconceptional HbA1c level < 6.5 % and folic acid supplementation started preconceptionally. To prevent preeclampsia, all women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus should be offered low-dose ASA, starting before 16 weeks of pregnancy. If the pregnant woman has a BMI < 25 kg/m² and persistently elevated fasting blood glucose levels, a GCK-MODY should be considered. For the diagnosis of asymptomatic gestational diabetes mellitus, all women in Germany with 24 + 0 to 27 + 6 weeks of pregnancy are offered a two-stage screening. Structured follow-up care is required after gestational diabetes mellitus, because these women have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular complications. Pregnant women with COVID-19 and hyperglycemia have an increased risk of a severe course of the infection, which is further increased by obesity - they are an important target group for vaccination with an mRNA vaccine.
Hyperglycemia at 1h-OGTT in Pregnancy: A Reliable Predictor of Metabolic Outcomes?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Identifying among GDM women those who are at high risk may help prevent T2DM and, possibly CVD. Several studies have shown that in women with GDM, hyperglycemia at 1 h during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (1-h PG) is not only associated with an increase in adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes but is also an independent predictor of T2DM. Interestingly, also in pregnant women who did not meet the criteria for a GDM diagnosis, 1-h PG was an independent predictor of postpartum impaired insulin sensitivity and beta-cell dysfunction. Moreover, maternal 1- and 2-h PG levels have been found to be independently associated with insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion also during childhood. There is evidence that hyperglycemia at 1h PG during pregnancy may identify women at high risk of future CVD, due to its association with an unfavorable CV risk profile, inflammation, arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction. Overall, hyperglycemia at 1h during an OGTT in pregnancy may be a valuable prediction tool for identifying women at a high risk of future T2DM, who may then benefit from therapeutic strategies aimed at preventing cardiovascular outcomes.
Maternal and neonatal circulating markers of metabolic and cardiovascular risk in the metformin in gestational diabetes (MiG) trial: responses to maternal metformin versus insulin treatment.; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to compare glucose, lipids, and C-reactive protein (CRP) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus treated with metformin or insulin and in cord plasma of their offspring and to examine how these markers relate to infant size at birth. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus were randomly assigned to metformin or insulin in the Metformin in Gestational Diabetes trial. Fasting maternal plasma glucose, lipids, and CRP were measured at randomization, 36 weeks' gestation, and 6-8 weeks postpartum as well as in cord plasma. Women with available cord blood samples (metformin n = 236, insulin n = 242) were included. RESULTS: Maternal plasma triglycerides increased more from randomization to 36 weeks' gestation in women treated with metformin (21.93%) versus insulin (9.69%, P < 0.001). Maternal and cord plasma lipids, CRP, and neonatal anthropometry did not differ between treatments. In logistic regression analyses adjusted for confounders, the strongest associations with birth weight >90th centile were maternal triglycerides and measures of glucose control at 36 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: There were few differences in circulating maternal and neonatal markers of metabolic status and no differences in measures of anthropometry between the offspring of women treated with metformin and the offspring of women treated with insulin. There may be subtle effects of metformin on maternal lipid function, but the findings suggest that treating gestational diabetes mellitus with metformin does not adversely affect lipids or CRP in cord plasma or neonatal anthropometric measures.
Retinal vasculature and 5-year metabolic syndrome among women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at greater risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS). We studied the association between second-trimester retinal microvasculature and 5-year MetS incidence in women with GDM. METHODS: A total of 142 mothers with GDM were recruited and followed up 5years after delivery. Retinal photography was performed at 26-28weeks gestation and metabolic outcomes were assessed at the 5-year postpartum follow-up visit. GDM and MetS were defined based on World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines and Adults Treatment Panel (ATP) III guidelines, respectively. Modified-Poisson regression was applied to study the association between second-trimester retinal microvasculature and incident 5-year maternal MetS, after adjusting for major confounders. Area under the curve (AUC) was calculated based on the final model. RESULTS: Our prospective cohort reported a 9.2% incidence rate of 5-year MetS among women with GDM. After adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, college degree, pre-pregnancy BMI and fasting glucose at 26-28week gestation, each 10μm widening in retinal venular caliber was associated with an increased relative risk of 1.6 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.0, 2.8) in incident MetS. In addition to traditional risks of pre-pregnancy BMI and fasting glucose level at 26-28week gestation, retinal venular caliber mildly increased the prediction of 5-year maternal MetS by 1.8%. CONCLUSIONS: Second-trimester retinal venular widening was associated with incident 5-year maternal MetS in women with GDM. Our study suggests that mother with GDM at risk of future MetS development may have already presented retinal microvascular abnormalities during pregnancy.
[Induce or not induce labor in gestational diabetes].; The most serious hazard of gestational diabetes is shoulder dystocia, which sometimes is complicated by Erb's palsy and maternal lacerations. This risk is linked to fetal weight, and is more frequent in cases of diabetes. So, a caesarean section performed when macrosomia is present is required and an induction of labor before severe macrosomia is proposed. Unfortunately, estimation of fetal weight is imprecise in spite of formulas from fetal parameters. Abdomen circumference (AC) alone is as effective as complex formulas. So, it is proposed to perform an elective section when AC is equal or above 38 cm, and to induce labor, after 38 weeks of gestation, for limiting the risk of macrosomia when AC is between 35 and 38 cm. Induction is also proposed when pregnancy is complicated by hypertension or when fetal heart septal hypertrophy occurs. The management of gestational diabetes means a strict control of glycemia, which can reduce macrosomia and the need for cesarean section or induction of labor.
Low taurine, gamma-aminobutyric acid and carnosine levels in plasma of diabetic pregnant rats: consequences for the offspring.; Gestational diabetes compromises fetal development and induces a diabetogenic effect in the offspring, including the development of gestational diabetes and the transmission of the effect to the next generation. Changes are not limited to glucose and insulin metabolism, and appear to be modulated by alterations at the hypothalamo-hypophyseal axis. In the present work, serum concentrations are given for the non-protein amino-acids taurine and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), both neurotransmitters essential for normal brain development, and for the endogenous neuroprotector carnosine, a known anti-oxydans. Taurine levels are significantly below normal values in mildly diabetic mothers, in their fetal and adult offspring, virgin and pregnant, and in the fetuses of these pregnant offspring. GABA and carnosine levels are at the limit of detection in the diabetic mothers and their offspring at every stage. It is concluded that the low taurine, GABA and carnosine levels in diabetic mothers and their fetuses might compromise the normal structural and functional development of the fetal brain. When adult, these offspring present a deficiency of the circulating levels of these neurotransmitters involved in the hypothalamo-hypophyseal regulation of insulin secretion. This might contribute to the development of impaired glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes, thereby transmitting the effect to the next generation.
[The value of doppler velocimetry of umbilical and middle cerebral arteries in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus].; Fifty-three diabetic pregnant treated in Dpt of Obstetrics and Perinatology in Lublin were investigated. The paper presents correlations between metabolic parameters in diabetic patients and Doppler welocimetry in umbilical and middle cerebral arteries and also analyses way of delivery and outcomes. Correlations between fetal Doppler parameters and metabolic status of mothers have been found. We estimate that Doppler velocimetry hasn't prognostic value in predicting of fetal distress.
Abnormal neonatal brain microstructure in gestational diabetes mellitus revealed by MRI texture analysis.; To investigate the value of MRI texture analysis in evaluating the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on neonatal brain microstructure development, we retrospectively collected images of neonates undergoing head MRI scans, including a GDM group (N1 = 37) and a healthy control group (N2 = 34). MaZda texture analysis software was used to extract the texture features from different sequence images and perform dimensionality reduction, and then the texture features selected by the lowest misjudgement rate method were imported into SPSS software for statistical analysis. In our study, we found that GDM affects the development of the microstructure of the neonatal brain, and different combinations of texture features have different recognition performances, such as different sequences and different brain regions. As a consequence, texture analysis combining multiple conventional MRI sequences has a high recognition performance in revealing the abnormal development of the brain microstructure of neonates born of mothers with GDM.
Assessment of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus may precede development of Type 2 diabetes and may be related to cardiovascular disease. Pulse wave velocity measurement is the gold-standard method to evaluate arterial stiffness, a preclinical cardiovascular risk marker. However, the relationship between aortic stiffness and gestational diabetes is unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate aortic pulse wave velocity in women with gestational diabetes in comparison with a matched control group of healthy pregnant women. METHODS: This case-control study included 24 women with gestational diabetes and 27 matched control subjects. Clinical, demographic and laboratory variables were obtained and aortic pulse wave velocity were measured. RESULTS: Both groups had similar age, gestational age, BMI, ethnicity, smoking status and blood pressure levels. Women with gestational diabetes had aortic pulse wave velocity comparable with control subjects: 7.2 ± 0.9 vs. 7.3 ± 1.2 m/s (P = 0.79). When categorized according to the median value of pulse wave velocity (7.3 m/s), age (P < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.03) and heart rate (P = 0.02) were associated with increased arterial stiffness. In the group with gestational diabetes, there was a non-significant trend towards higher 1-h postprandial glycaemia in patients with higher (above the median) pulse wave velocity (6.5 ± 0.8 vs. 7.1 ± 1.3 mmol/l, P = 0.22) and a lower prevalence of patients with good glycaemic control (38.5 vs. 72.7%, P = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS: Although gestational diabetes may be a risk factor for development of cardiovascular disease, women with gestational diabetes do not have higher aortic stiffness than healthy pregnant women. Time of exposure to hyperglycaemia may have been insufficient to increase central arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes.
Fetal brain development in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries an increased risk of neurocognitive impairment in offsprings. However, the contribution of maternal hyperglycemia in affecting fetal brain development is not fully elucidated yet. The aim of this study was to evaluate fetal brain and sulci development in pregnancies complicated by GDM. METHODS: Prospective observational study including 100 singleton pregnancies complicated by GDM and 100 matched controls. All fetuses underwent neurosonography at 29-34 weeks of gestation, including the assessment of the length of the corpus callosum (CC), cerebellar vermis (CV), Sylvian (SF), parieto-occipital (POF) and calcarine fissures (CF). Sub-group analysis according to the specific treatment regimen adopted (n 67 diet vs. 33 insulin therapy) was also performed. RESULTS: Fetuses from mothers with GDM under insulin therapy had a smaller CC (35.54 mm) compared to both controls (40 mm; p<0.001) and women with GDM under diet (39.26 mm; p=0.022) while there was no difference in the HC between the groups. Likewise, when corrected for HC, CV depth was smaller in fetuses with GDM both under insulin therapy (7.03 mm) and diet (7.05 mm,) compared to controls (7.36 mm; p=0.013). Finally, when assessing the sulci development of the brain SF (p≤0.0001), POF (p≤0.0001) and CF (p≤0.0001) were significantly smaller in fetuses with maternal GDM. Post-hoc analysis showed that fetuses of GDM mothers requiring insulin therapy had significantly lower values of SF (p=0.032), POF (p=0.016) and CF (p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies complicated by GDM showed a peculiar pattern of fetal brain growth and cortical development and these changes, which are more evident in those requiring insulin supplementation.
Placental morphometric studies in diabetic pregnancies.; Placentae from 20 pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus were, by morphometric analyses, similar to 20 placentae from normal patients. Since the average gestation in this study was 1.5 weeks less in the PDM group, accelerated maturity rather than retarded villous development may be inferred. Based on maternal HbAIC determinations, neonatal morbidity and macrosomia, the morphometric similarities of PDM to control placentae in this series do not appear to be explained by normalization of maternal blood glucose levels in the diabetic group.
Maternal voluntary exercise mitigates oxidative stress and incidence of congenital heart defects in pre-gestational diabetes.; Women with pre-gestational diabetes have a higher risk of producing children with congenital heart defects (CHDs), caused predominantly by hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress. In this study, we evaluated if exercise during pregnancy could mitigate oxidative stress and reduce the incidence of CHDs in the offspring of diabetic mice. Female mice were treated with streptozotocin to induce pre-gestational diabetes, then mated with healthy males to produce offspring. They were also given access to running wheels 1 week before mating and allowed to exercise voluntarily until E18.5. Heart morphology, gene expression, and oxidative stress were assessed in foetal hearts. Maternal voluntary exercise results in a significantly lower incidence of CHDs from 59.5% to 25%. Additionally, diabetes-induced defects in coronary artery and capillary morphogenesis were also lower with exercise. Myocardial cell proliferation and epithelial-mesenchymal transition at E12.5 was significantly lower with pre-gestational diabetes which was mitigated with maternal exercise. Cardiac gene expression of Notch1, Snail1, Gata4 and Cyclin D1 was significantly higher in the embryos of diabetic mice that exercised compared to the non-exercised group. Furthermore, maternal exercise produced lower reactive oxygen species (ROS) and oxidative stress in the foetal heart. In conclusion, maternal exercise mitigates ROS and oxidative damage in the foetal heart, and results in a lower incidence of CHDs in the offspring of pre-gestational diabetes. Exercise may be an effective intervention to compliment clinical management and further minimize CHD risk in mothers with diabetes.
Effects of Maternal Obesity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on the Placenta: Current Knowledge and Targets for Therapeutic Interventions.; Obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are becoming more common among pregnant women worldwide and are individually associated with a number of placenta-mediated obstetric complications, including preeclampsia, macrosomia, intrauterine growth restriction and stillbirth. The placenta serves several functions throughout pregnancy and is the main exchange site for the transfer of nutrients and gas from mother to fetus. In pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity or GDM, the placenta is exposed to environmental changes, such as increased inflammation and oxidative stress, dyslipidemia, and altered hormone levels. These changes can affect placental development and function and lead to abnormal fetal growth and development as well as metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities in the offspring. This review aims to summarize current knowledge on the effects of obesity and GDM on placental development and function. Understanding these processes is key in developing therapeutic interventions with the goal of mitigating these effects and preventing future cardiovascular and metabolic pathology in subsequent generations.
Early gut dysbiosis could be an indicator of unsuccessful diet control in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Highlights At the time of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosis, gut dysbiosis was severer in mothers who ended up with diet control failure than those who ended up with successful diet control. This finding was noticed even when the glycemic profile at the time of GDM diagnosis was similar between these two groups. Interestingly, gut dysbiosis in GDM mothers with diet control failure was shown associated with gut dysbiosis in their newborns.
Evaluation of cardiac contractility of fetuses from pregestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies by three-dimensional ultrasound.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate cardiac contractility in fetuses from pregestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies by three-dimensional ultrasound using spatiotemporal image correlation in rendering mode. METHODS: A retrospective cross-sectional study was performed on 40 fetuses from nondiabetic pregnancies and 28 pregestational diabetic pregnancies between 20 and 33 weeks and 6 days. Cardiac contractility was assessed by measuring the ventricular myocardial area in diastole subtracted from the ventricular myocardial area in systole. RESULTS: Pregestational diabetic pregnancies had a lower maternal age than nondiabetic pregnancies (26.7 vs. 39.9 years, p=0.019). Cardiac contractility in fetuses from diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies was similar (p=0.293). A moderately positive and significant correlation was observed between gestational age and cardiac contractility (r=0.46, p=0.0004). A 1-week increase in gestational age was responsible for a 0.1386 cm2 increase in cardiac contractility. CONCLUSION: Cardiac contractility as evaluated by three-dimensional ultrasound using spatiotemporal image correlation in rendering mode showed no significant differences across fetuses with and without pregestational diabetes.
Universal screening of gestational diabetes mellitus: prevalence and diagnostic value of clinical risk factors.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) by using universal screening and to show the diagnostic value of the clinical risk factors at Lampang Hospital. MATERIAL AND METHOD: This is a cross sectional study. Data were collected prospectively at the antenatal care clinic of Lampang Regional Hospital between January 4 and September 30, 2010. All pregnant women of appropriate gestational age (GA) were screened by glucose challenge test (GCT) then by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) if the GCT result was abnormal. Data were calculated for the prevalence of GDM and the diagnostic value of clinical risk factors. RESULTS: Six hundred thirteen pregnant women enrolled into the present study with 593 women left for the analysis. The prevalence of GDM at antenatal care clinic of Lampang Hospital was 9.3%. Among GDM cases, 21.8% had no risk factor Having one risk factor double the chance of having GDM, while having three risk factors gives 42.9% chance of having GDM. Having at least one risk factor could allow better detection with sensitivity of 78.2, specificity of 49.8, PPV of 13.7, NPV of 95.7, LR+ of 1.6 and LR- of 0.4. This would produce 52.8% of pregnant women at risk. CONCLUSION: With GDM prevalence of 9.3%, our population should be classified to the high prevalence group. Among GDM cases, 21.8% had no risk factor. Moreover with 95.7% NPV and 0.4 LR-, this would make this set of risk factors merely a fair screening test. This should prompt the re-evaluation of risk-based screening policy that is generally adopted throughout the country. Cost-effectiveness is the only major concern for the deployment of the universal screening program. It has to be further studied in an evidence-based manner.
[Obstetrical complications of morbid obesity].; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether morbidly obese women have an increased risk of pregnancy complications and adverse perinatal outcome. METHODS: In a retrospective study, 2472 women with morbid obesity, defined as a body mass index (BMI) more than 40 were compared with normal weight women (BMI 20-25). Fisher and Student tests were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: In the group of morbidly obese mothers (BMI greater than 40) as compared with the normal weight mothers, there was an increased risk of the following outcomes: gravidic hypertension (7.7 vs 0.5%; p<0.05). preeclampsia (11.5 vs 2%; p<0.05), gestational diabetes (15.4 vs 1.8%; p<0.05), cesarean delivery (50 vs 15.4%; p<0.05), and macrosomia (42.3 vs 10.3%; p<0.05). However, we noted a lower rate of prematurity in the obese group (0 vs 11%). Even when morbidly obese women with preexisting diabetes and chronic hypertension were excluded from the analysis, significant differences in the perinatal outcomes still persisted. CONCLUSION: Morbid obesity appears to be an independent risk factor for perinatal and gestational complications.
Relationship Between Gestational Weight Gain and Pregnancy Complications or Delivery Outcome.; The purpose of this study is to analyse the association between gestational weight gain and delivery outcome or the morbidity of pregnancy complications. A total of 1,102 pregnant women who delivered at Peking University People's Hospital in China between January 2011 and December 2012 were included in this study. We divided them into 4 groups according to the baseline BMI quartiles and weight gain quartiles in different trimesters of pregnancy to analyse the status of delivery outcome and morbidity of pregnancy complications. Baseline BMI was significantly positive correlated with the morbidity of gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes. Weight gain in the second trimester of pregnancy was significantly positively correlated with the morbidity of macrosomia. Weight gain in the third trimester of pregnancy showed significantly positive correlation with the morbidity of macrosomia, and significantly negative correlation with the morbidity of neonatal death, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, and low birth-weight infant. Gestational weight gain showed significantly positive correlation with the morbidity of macrosomia and significantly negative correlation with neonatal death, stillbirth, gestational diabetes, preterm birth and low birth-weight infant. There is a correlation between baseline BMI, pregnancy weight gain and gestational complications, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and status of neonate in varying degrees.
Prevalence and determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant women in India: an analysis of National Family Health Survey Data.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes with its first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is a high-risk maternal and neonatal condition which increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes in mothers and their infants. It is essential to detect and treat GDM since its inception when mothers suffer from Type 1 diabetes while carrying the foetus during the gestational period. METHODS: The study analysed individual data from the National Family Health Survey (NFHS) surveyed in 2015-2016 (4th round) and 2019-2021 (5th round) covering a total of approximately 6 lakhs and 7 lakhs women, respectively. Among them, 32,072 women in 2015-2016 and 28,187 in 2019-2021 were pregnant, of whom 180 women in 2014-2015 and 247 women in 2019-2021 had diabetes during their gestational periods, allowing the percentage prevalence calculation of GDM. The analysis of Poisson regression estimates examined the socioeconomic and demographic risk factors for GDM among pregnant women. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of GDM in women showed an increase from 0.53% in 2015-16 to 0.80% in 2019-20 at the national level, and a similar increase in many states of India was witnessed, with a few exceptions. The GDM prevalence has shown a gradient over age, with a low prevalence in 15-19- and 25-29-year-olds and the highest prevalence in 40-44-year-olds. Concerning the rural and urban divide, its prevalence in both urban and rural areas has increased from 0.61 to 0.85% and 0.51 to 0.78% between 2015 and 16 and 2019-21. The results of the Poisson regression analysis reveal that older adults with high Body Mass Index (BMI), thyroid disorder, and heart disease have a greater risk of GDM among pregnant women in India. The states of Kerala, Meghalaya, and Goa show a high prevalence of GDM. CONCLUSION: The low prevalence of GDM may not be clinically significant but has negative repercussions on the mother and her child cannot be overlooked. Thus, it is essential to curb GDM since its inception and save a generation ahead from the risk of diabetes and other diseases.
Coronary artery disease in diabetic pregnancies.; Severe vascular complications of diabetes mellitus include myocardial infarction and when this occurs during pregnancy it is associated with a high risk of maternal mortality. In the absence of myocardial infarction, information is unavailable on pregnancy outcome in diabetic patients with severe coronary artery disease or with prior coronary artery bypass graft. Such a case is presented together with a review of the literature.
Drug-related problems in hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus: A hospital cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize the drug-related problems (DRPs) in high-risk pregnant women with hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus according to frequency, type, cause, and factors associated with their occurrence in the hospital setting. METHODOLOGY: This is an observational, longitudinal, prospective study that included 571 hospitalized pregnant women with hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus using at least one medication. DRPs were classified according to the Classification for Drug-Related Problems (PCNE V9.00). In addition to descriptive statistics, a univariate and multivariate logistic regression model was employed to determine the factors associated with the DRPs. RESULTS: A total of 873 DRPs were identified. The most frequent DRPs were related to therapeutic ineffectiveness (72.2%) and occurrence of adverse events (27.0%) and the main drugs involved were insulins and methyldopa. These were followed in the first five days of treatment by: the ineffectiveness of insulin (24.6%), associated with underdosage (12.9%) or insufficient frequency of administration (9.5%) and methyldopa associated with the occurrence of adverse reactions (40.2%) in the first 48h. Lower maternal age (OR 0.966, 95% CI 0.938-0.995, p = 0.022), lower gestational age (OR 0.966, 95% CI 0.938-0.996, p = 0.026), report of drug hypersensitivity (OR 2.295, 95% CI 1.220-4.317, p = 0.010), longer treatment time (OR 1.237, 95% CI: 1.147-1.333, p = 0.001) and number of prescribed medications (OR 1.211, 95% CI: 0.240-5.476, p = 0.001) were risk factors for occurrence of DRPs. CONCLUSION: DRPs are frequent in pregnant women with hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus, and they are mainly related to therapeutic ineffectiveness and the occurrence of adverse events.
Cardiovascular disease in women: challenge of the middle years.; Although heart disease remains the primary cause of death among women of all races and ethnic groups in the United States, many women are still unaware of these facts. Health care providers may also not be aware. Lack of awareness among providers may limit or delay the education and intervention to prevent future cardiovascular disease for women in their middle years. In addition, the metabolic syndrome may develop in these years of a woman's life because of today's lifestyle issues and the reported increases in obesity. The appearance of the metabolic syndrome already places a woman in a precarious position for the development of risk factors such as frank hypertension and diabetes. The metabolic syndrome presents an opportunity for providers to enhance surveillance and to educate their patients in the prevention of future events. Complications of pregnancy may also foreshadow the development of hypertension as well as type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Some investigators consider pregnancy as an excursion into the metabolic syndrome and as a failed "stress test," if complications such as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia develop. The emergence of those complications may give a more recognized prediction of future cardiovascular events. All primary care providers, including obstetricians and gynecologists, need to be alert as to the follow-up of these women, and incorporate continued vigilance within the standard office visit including waist measurement, annual lipid measurement, glucose monitoring, blood pressure assessment, and intense education and referrals when needed.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: Emerging evidence demonstrates that asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels are elevated in patients with or at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Since women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of future CVD, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare ADMA concentrations between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and postpartum. METHODS: PubMed, Google Scholar, EMBASE, and CINAHL databases were searched. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021276796). Study selection, data extraction, and data analyses were performed in accordance with PRISMA guidelines. Random-effects model was used to quantify ADMA levels in the study groups. RESULTS: Eleven studies provided data on 1148 women. Mean plasma ADMA concentration was 0.04 μmol/L (95% confidence interval (CI) -0.06-0.15) higher in pregnant women with GDM than those without GDM, but no significant difference was observed. In contrast, our meta-analysis demonstrated a significant increase in postpartum mean ADMA concentration (Mean Difference (MD) 0.11 μmol/L; 95% CI 0.05-0.16) among women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM. CONCLUSION: Elevated ADMA levels in GDM may be a CVD risk factor, suggesting that ADMA may be a potential biomarker for early CVD risk prediction in women with GDM.
Evaluation of fetal myocardial performance index in gestational diabetes mellitus.; This study aimed to compare fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) between fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy controls and to evaluate the relationship between MPI and maternal glucose levels. This was a prospective study of 90 pregnant women, including 50 pregnancies with GDM (27 pregnancies with insulin-regulated GDM and 23 pregnancies with diet-regulated GDM) and 40 healthy controls. Isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) + isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT)/ejection time (ET) were used to calculate the MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Fetal MPI, PR interval, E/A ratio, maternal plasma glucose levels on the day of MPI measurement, and neonatal outcomes were compared. The fetal left-MPI was significantly higher in the GDM group than healthy controls (0.43 ± 0.04 vs. 0.40 ± 0.06, p = 0.007). The best cut-off level for MPI was >0.41 to predict adverse perinatal outcomes (sensitivity: 70%, specificity: 68%, area under the curve: 0.715, 95% confidence interval: 0.5143-0.8205, p < 0.001). The fetal MPI values showed no correlation with maternal plasma fasting, postprandial glucose, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels. Reduced E/A ratio, higher neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and the need for cesarean delivery were detected in the GDM group. Fetal MPI is impaired in women with GDM, and the need for insulin therapy is associated with higher MPI values and adverse neonatal outcomes. Fetal MPI can help detect fetuses with potential adverse outcome risks, owing to impaired fetal cardiac function.
Effects of Sedentary Behavior on the Complications Experienced by Pregnant Women: A Systematic Review.; Pregnant women are encouraged to reduce sitting time and replace it with physical activity. Complications arising during pregnancy include gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and prenatal and postpartum depression. In this systematic review, we examined effects of sedentary behavior on the health of pregnant women. We conducted a systematic review with PubMed from year 2000 to identify the relationship between a sedentary lifestyle and psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. Data extracted included sedentary time of pregnant women, psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia as outcomes. Among the 200 studies retrieved, 11 were finally included after screening. The mean age of eligible pregnant women ranged from 28.5 to 32.9 years. Five studies were extracted with outcomes of psychological effects on the mother, five with GDM, and one with gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Longer sedentary time was associated with increased risks of prepartum/postpartum depression in three of five studies and GDM in three of five studies. No association was found between sedentary behavior and the risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Higher sedentary behavior in the second trimester of pregnancy was likely to be associated with postpartum depression. Longer sitting time may increase the risk of prenatal or postnatal depression and GDM, but no relationship was proven for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in one study. High sedentary behavior in the second trimester may have psychological impacts. The number of studies was small and further research is needed to statistically evaluate impacts of sedentary behavior during pregnancy.
The Pathophysiology of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious pregnancy complication, in which women without previously diagnosed diabetes develop chronic hyperglycemia during gestation. In most cases, this hyperglycemia is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction on a background of chronic insulin resistance. Risk factors for GDM include overweight and obesity, advanced maternal age, and a family history or any form of diabetes. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. GDM affects approximately 16.5% of pregnancies worldwide, and this number is set to increase with the escalating obesity epidemic. While several management strategies exist-including insulin and lifestyle interventions-there is not yet a cure or an efficacious prevention strategy. One reason for this is that the molecular mechanisms underlying GDM are poorly defined. This review discusses what is known about the pathophysiology of GDM, and where there are gaps in the literature that warrant further exploration.
Metabolic disorder of pregnancy (understanding pathophysiology of diabetes and preeclampsia).; The role of insulin resistance in human disease is implicated in the pathogenesis of some of the chief western chronic diseases: ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and essential hypertension. The occurrence of these diseases, alongside obesity, is termed the metabolic syndrome. Pregnancy is normally attended by progressive insulin resistance that begins near midpregnancy and progresses through the third trimester to levels that approximate the insulin resistance seen in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia may be the basic common ground for the metabolic syndrome of pregnancy - elevated blood pressure and diabetes mellitus. Moreover, the metabolic syndrome is also associated with endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and attenuated inflammatory responses. In this review, we discuss the development of insulin resistance during pregnancy, hormones and newly discovered factors associated with insulin resistance and secretion, lipid metabolism, and the pathogenesis of hypertension during pregnancy.
[Analysis of characteristics of the location of lower extremity deep vein thrombosis and the site of pulmonary embolism in hospitalized patients].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the characteristics and relationship between the location of lower extremity deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and the site of pulmonary embolism in hospitalized patients. METHODS: The data of patients with lower extremity DVT diagnosed by ultrasound examination and pulmonary embolism diagnosed by CT pulmonary angiography from December 2017 to December 2021 were analyzed retrospectively. According to the location of lower extremity DVT, the patients were divided into mixed DVT, proximal DVT, and distal DVT which was further divided into anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis and calf muscular venous thrombosis. Mixed DVT was referred to the presence of both proximal and distal DVT. According to the involved site of pulmonary artery, pulmonary embolism was divided into three types: main pulmonary artery, left or right pulmonary artery trunk embolism, lobar pulmonary artery embolism and segmental pulmonary artery embolism. The location of lower extremity DVT, the site of pulmonary embolism, the clinical manifestation (shortness of breath, chest tightness, chest pain, hemoptysis, cough, lower limb swelling, lower limb pain, syncope, fever) and risk factors (fracture/trauma, tumor, diabetes, hypertension, atrial fibrillation, infection, surgery, autoimmune diseases, paralysis, pregnancy) of venous thromboembolism (VTE), and the level of D-dimer were analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 209 patients were enrolled finally, including 127 patients with left lower extremity DVT (60.8%) and 82 with right lower extremity DVT (39.2%). Mixed DVT accounted for 39.2%, proximal DVT accounted for 17.3%, and distal DVT accounted for 43.5% (anterior/posterior tibial vein and peroneal vein thrombosis accounted for 14.8%, calf muscular venous thrombosis accounted for 28.7%). The incidences of main pulmonary artery embolism, left or right pulmonary artery trunk embolism in the mixed DVT and proximal DVT were significantly higher than those in the anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis and calf muscular venous thrombosis [41.5% (34/82), 38.8% (14/36) vs. 16.2% (5/31), 10.0% (6/60)], with statistically significant differences (all P < 0.05). The incidences of pulmonary segmental artery embolism in the anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis were higher than those in the mixed DVT and proximal DVT [41.9% (13/31) vs. 26.8% (22/82), 30.6% (11/36)], but the difference was not statistically significant (both P > 0.05). The incidences of pulmonary segmental artery embolism in the calf muscular venous thrombosis were significantly higher than those in the mixed DVT and the proximal DVT [66.7% (40/60) vs. 26.8% (22/82), 30.6% (11/36)], and the difference was statistically significant (both P < 0.05). The levels of D-dimer in patients with calf muscular venous thrombosis combined with main pulmonary artery embolism, left or right pulmonary artery trunk embolism were significantly higher than those in patients with calf muscular venous thrombosis combined pulmonary segmental artery embolism (mg/L: 6.08±3.12 vs. 3.66±2.66, P < 0.05). There were no significant differences in D-dimer levels in other patients with DVT combined with pulmonary embolism in different sites. In terms of the clinical manifestations of VTE, the incidences of lower limb swelling in the mixed DVT and proximal DVT were significantly higher than those in the anterior/posterior tibial vein or peroneal vein thrombosis and calf muscular venous thrombosis [54.9% (45/82), vs. 29.0% (9/31), 15.0% (9/60), both P < 0.05], the incidences of lower limb swelling in the proximal DVT were significantly higher than those in the calf muscular venous thrombosis [41.7% (15/63) vs. 15.0% (9/60), P < 0.05], there were no significant difference in the other clinical manifestations among the DVT groups. There was no significant difference in the incidence of VTE risk factors among the groups. CONCLUSIONS: The DVT of inpatients mostly occurred in the left lower limb, and the incidence of distal DVT was higher than that of proximal DVT. Mixed DVT and proximal DVT combined with pulmonary embolism mostly occurred in the main pulmonary artery, left or right pulmonary artery trunk, while distal DVT combined with pulmonary embolism mostly occurred in the pulmonary segmental artery. The levels of D-dimer in patients with lower extremity DVT combined with main pulmonary artery or left and right pulmonary artery trunk embolism were higher than those in patients with pulmonary lobe and segmental artery embolism. The incidence of lower extremity swelling in patients with mixed DVT and proximal DVT was higher than that in patients with distal DVT.
Antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in pregnancy with uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus: a case report.; Antepartum pituitary necrosis is a rare medical condition that has only been reported in pregnant women with type I diabetes attributable to diabetes-related vasculopathy and hypercoagulability. We present for the first time a case of antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in an uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patient. The patient was a 32-yr-old woman at 33 weeks and 2 days of gestation. She suffered from severe headache, blurred vision, dizziness, and vomiting. Her baby was delivered by Cesarean section. The brain magnetic resonance images revealed pituitary necrosis. This suggests that pituitary gland necrosis may also complicate GDM pregnancy when glucose levels are uncontrolled.
The integrated bioinformatic analysis identifies immune microenvironment-related potential biomarkers for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a transient disease, may lead to short- or long-term adverse influences on maternal and fetal health. Therefore, its potential functions, mechanisms and related molecular biomarkers must be comprehended for the control, diagnosis and treatment of GDM. METHODS: The differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified using GSE49524 and GSE87295 associated with GDM from the Gene Expression Omnibus database, followed by function enrichment analysis, protein-protein interactions network construction, hub DEGs mining, diagnostic value evaluation and immune infiltration analysis. Finally, hub DEGs, the strongest related to immune infiltration, were screened as immune-related biomarkers. RESULTS: A hundred and seven DEGs were identified between patients with GDM and healthy individuals. Six hub genes with high diagnostic values, including ALDH1A1, BMP4, EFNB2, MME, PLAUR and SLIT2, were identified. Among these, two immune-related genes (PLAUR and SLIT2) with the highest absolute correlation coefficient were considered immune-related biomarkers in GDM. CONCLUSION: Our study provides a comprehensive analysis of GDM, which would provide a foundation for the development of diagnosis and treatment of GDM.
Long-Term Metabolic Consequences in Patients with a History of Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common metabolic complication of pregnancy. Universal guidelines on gestational diabetes have been impeded by the long-term controversies on its definition and screening strategies. The prevalence of gestational diabetes is rising all over the world, is significantly influenced by ethnicity and its rise is mainly attributed to increasing maternal obesity and age. Gestational diabetes mellitus has important long-term implications, including gestational diabetes recurrence, increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease for the mother. Gestational diabetes mellitus may be viewed as a chronic metabolic disorder that is identified in women during gestation and may provide a unique opportunity for the early identification and primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in these women. In this mini-review, the evolution of screening tests for gestational diabetes and guidelines are briefly described and metabolic and cardiovascular long-term consequences of women with a history of gestational diabetes are summarized. A summary of our own St. Mary's Hospital-UK Research series on long-term metabolic consequences of 368 women with a history of gestational diabetes of 3 different ethnic groups and 482 control women is also included. We found that approximately 2 years following delivery, 37% of women with a history of gestational diabetes had abnormal glucose concentrations, but, most importantly, even those who were normoglycaemic, postpartum displayed metabolic abnormalities on detailed testing. Future research needs to focus on the prevention of gestational diabetes long-term complications, but also in identification of pre-pregnancy predictors and risk reduction before conception.
Urinary Metabolites Altered during the Third Trimester in Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Relationship with Potential Upcoming Metabolic Disorders.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disorder in pregnancy with highest impact in the future life of both mother and newborn. Increasing incidence, economic impact, and potential for severe GDM-related pregnancy complications are some factors that have motivated the deep study of physiopathology, risk factors for developing GDM, and potential biomarkers for its diagnosis. In the present pilot study, we analyzed the urinary metabolome profile of GDM patients in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, when GDM is already established and the patients are under dietary and pharmacological control. An untargeted metabolomics method based on liquid chromatography⁻mass spectrometry analysis was developed to identify differentially expressed metabolites in the GDM group. We identified 14 metabolites that are significantly upregulated in the urine of GDM patients, and, more importantly, we identified those related with the steroid hormone biosynthesis and tryptophan (TRP) metabolism pathways, which are associated with GDM pathophysiology. Thus, these metabolites could be screened as potential prognostic biomarkers of type two diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease and chronic renal failure in future follow-up studies with GDM patients.
Association of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy With Future Cardiovascular Disease.; CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The findings of this study provide genetic evidence supporting an association between HDPs and higher risk of coronary artery disease and stroke, which is only partially mediated by cardiometabolic factors. This supports classification of HDPs as risk factors for cardiovascular disease. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A genome-wide genetic association study using mendelian randomization (MR) was performed from February 16 to March 4, 2022. Primary analysis was conducted using inverse-variance-weighted MR. Mediation analyses were performed using a multivariable MR framework. All studies included patients predominantly of European ancestry. Female-specific summary-level data from FinnGen (sixth release). EXPOSURES: Uncorrelated (r2<0.001) single-nucleotide variants (SNVs) were selected as instrumental variants from the FinnGen consortium summary statistics for exposures of any HDP, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia or eclampsia. IMPORTANCE: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDPs) are major causes of maternal and fetal morbidity and are observationally associated with future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease. However, observational results may be subject to residual confounding and bias. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Genetic association estimates for outcomes were extracted from genome-wide association studies of 122 733 cases for coronary artery disease, 34 217 cases for ischemic stroke, 47 309 cases for heart failure, and 60 620 cases for atrial fibrillation. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of HDPs with multiple cardiovascular diseases. RESULTS: Genetically predicted HDPs were associated with a higher risk of coronary artery disease (odds ratio [OR], 1.24; 95% CI, 1.08-1.43; P = .002); this association was evident for both gestational hypertension (OR, 1.08; 95% CI, 1.00-1.17; P = .04) and preeclampsia/eclampsia (OR, 1.06; 95% CI, 1.01-1.12; P = .03). Genetically predicted HDPs were also associated with a higher risk of ischemic stroke (OR, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.12-1.44; P = 2.87 × 10-4). Mediation analysis revealed a partial attenuation of the effect of HDPs on coronary artery disease after adjustment for systolic blood pressure (total effect OR, 1.24; direct effect OR, 1.10; 95% CI, 1.02-1.08; P = .02) and type 2 diabetes (total effect OR, 1.24; direct effect OR, 1.16; 95% CI, 1.04-1.29; P = .008). No associations were noted between genetically predicted HDPs and heart failure (OR, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.76-1.23; P = .79) or atrial fibrillation (OR, 1.11; 95% CI, 0.65-1.88; P = .71).
A systematic review of metabolite profiling in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes during, as well as subsequent to, pregnancy, including increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Because of the importance of early risk stratification in preventing these complications, improved first-trimester biomarker determination for diagnosing gestational diabetes would enhance our ability to optimise both maternal and fetal health. Metabolomic profiling, the systematic study of small molecule products of biochemical pathways, has shown promise in the identification of key metabolites associated with the pathogenesis of several metabolic diseases, including gestational diabetes. This article provides a systematic review of the current state of research on biomarkers and gestational diabetes and discusses the clinical relevance of metabolomics in the prediction, diagnosis and management of gestational diabetes. METHODS: We conducted a systematic search of MEDLINE (PubMed) up to the end of February 2014 using the key term combinations of 'metabolomics,' 'metabonomics,' 'nuclear magnetic spectroscopy,' 'mass spectrometry,' 'metabolic profiling' and 'amino acid profile' combined (AND) with 'gestational diabetes'. Additional articles were identified through searching the reference lists from included studies. Quality assessment of included articles was conducted through the use of QUADOMICS. RESULTS: This systematic review included 17 articles. The biomarkers most consistently associated with gestational diabetes were asymmetric dimethylarginine and NEFAs. After QUADOMICS analysis, 13 of the 17 included studies were classified as 'high quality'. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Existing metabolomic studies of gestational diabetes present inconsistent findings regarding metabolite profile characteristics. Further studies are needed in larger, more racially/ethnically diverse populations.
Prepregnancy body mass index as an independent risk factor for pregnancy-induced hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) plays a major role in the perinatal outcome for mother and neonate. With the rising prevalence of obesity, the role of prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) as an independent risk factor for PIH and a target for preconception care is important to explore. METHODS: We completed a retrospective cohort study of 16,582 women who received obstetrical care at a regional medical center and delivered a singleton pregnancy between 2003 and 2006. Clinical data were derived from the electronic medical record. Logistic regression was used to explore the association of demographic characteristics and medical risk factors with the outcome of PIH. RESULTS: Diagnoses of chronic hypertension, prepregnancy diabetes, and gestational diabetes were more likely in women with increasing prepregnancy maternal BMI (p < 0.0001). The odds of PIH also increased with BMI, ranging from an odds ratio (OR) of 1.99 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.73-2.31) for overweight women through OR 4.26 (95% CI 3.37-5.38) for those with a BMI of ≥40 kg/m(2). Other risk factors for PIH included chronic hypertension (OR 6.57, 95% CI 5.43-7.95), nulliparity (OR 1.89, 95% CI 1.69-2.12), prepregnancy diabetes (OR 2.05, 95% CI 1.33-3.17), and gestational diabetes (OR 1.28, 95% CI 1.04-1.58). The presence of chronic hypertension modified the association between obesity and PIH; for women with chronic hypertension, obesity was not associated with PIH (adjusted OR [aOR] 1.39, 95% CI 0.77-2.50 for BMI 30-34.9; aOR 0.98, 95% CI 0.52-1.87 for BMI 35-39.9; and aOR 1.33, 95% CI 0.73-2.43 for BMI ≥40 kg/m(2)) compared with women with a BMI in the normal range. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of PIH rises with maternal prepregnancy BMI independent of other obesity-associated comorbidity. Women with chronic hypertension carry the greatest risk of PIH but incur no obesity-associated increase in risk.
Maternal complications in pregnancy with diabetes.; Maternal complications of diabetes in pregnancy include obstetric complications such as pre-eclampsia, preterm labour, polyhydramnios, increased operative delivery and increased infective morbidity. These can be minimized with optimal glycaemic control. Additionally, pregnancies with overt/pregestational diabetes may have diabetes related complications such as hypoglycaemia, worsening of retinopathy, nephropathy and diabetic ketoacidosis. Women with pre-existing diabetic vasculopathy should be managed with multi-disciplinary approach with maternal and foetal surveillance to detect any deterioration. Such patients have a poor pregnancy outcome. Gastropathy and coronary artery disease in diabetics is a contraindication to pregnancy.
Trends in venous thromboembolism among pregnancy-related hospitalizations, United States, 1994-2009.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate national trends in the rate of pregnancy-related hospitalizations for venous thromboembolism (VTE) from 1994-2009 and to estimate the prevalence of comorbid conditions among these hospitalizations. STUDY DESIGN: An estimated 64,413,973 pregnancy-related hospitalizations among women 15-44 years old were identified in the 1994-2009 Nationwide Inpatient Sample. Trends in VTE-associated pregnancy hospitalizations were evaluated with the use of variance-weighted least squares regression. Chi-square tests were used to assess changes in prevalence of demographics and comorbid conditions, and multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate the likelihood of VTE during the study period after adjustment for comorbid conditions. Antepartum, delivery, and postpartum hospitalizations were evaluated separately and reported in 4-year increments. RESULTS: From 1994-2009, there was a 14% increase in the rate of overall VTE-associated pregnancy hospitalizations; antepartum and postpartum hospitalizations with VTE increased by 17% and 47%, respectively. Between 1994-1997 and 2006-2009, the prevalence of hypertension and obesity doubled among all VTE-associated pregnancy hospitalizations; significant increases in diabetes mellitus and heart disease were also noted. A temporal increase in the likelihood of a VTE diagnosis in pregnancy was observed for antepartum hospitalizations from 2006-2009 when compared with 1994-1997 (adjusted odds ratio, 1.62; 95% confidence interval, 1.48-1.78). CONCLUSION: There has been an upward trend in VTE-associated pregnancy hospitalizations from 1994-2009 with concomitant increases in comorbid conditions. Clinicians should have a heightened awareness of the risk of VTE among pregnant women, particularly among those with comorbid conditions, and should have a low threshold for evaluation in women with symptoms or signs of VTE.
The optimal control of blood glucose is associated with normal blood pressure 24 hours profile and prevention of the left ventricular remodeling in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the optimal diabetes control on the left ventricular parameters and ambulatory blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The patients with GDM were followed up according to predetermined protocol in order to optimize blood glucose and optimal weight gain. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) and transthoracal and tissue echocardiography were examined in 36th week of pregnancy. RESULTS: The age of 35 women with GDM was 33.1±3 and 30.5±4.4 years in 31 healthy control subjects (p=0.2). Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) in the patients with GDM was 5.0±0.5 mmol/L compared to 4.6±0.3 mmol/L in control subjects (p=0.002). Average weight gain during pregnancy was significantly lower in women with GDM; 10±7.6 kg vs. 13.1±3.7 kg in healthy pregnant women (p=0.05). No significant differences were recorded in 24 hours mean heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and number of nondippers between both groups. The significant correlation was detected between FPG and blood pressure dipping in subjects with GDM. Interventricular septal, posterior wall and relative wall thickness of the left ventricle were significantly higher in patients with GDM comparing to healthy pregnant women but no significant differences of the left ventricular functions were recorded. CONCLUSION: The optimal control of diabetes in GDM is associated with normal 24 hours blood pressure profile and prevention of the left ventricular function changes in GDM patients. The differences in the left ventricular walls thicknesses may be explained by metabolic changes in GDM.
Phospholipids and creatinine in amniotic fluid in relation to gestational age. II. Complicated pregnancy.; 176 samples of amniotic fluid were obtained by abdominal amniocentesis from 69 women with complicated pregnancies (toxemia, diabetes mellitus or rhesus isoimmunization) in the 27th-43rd week of pregnancy. The concentration of creatinine (172 cases), the ratio of lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S-ratio, 155 cases) and phospholipid phosphorus (155 cases) were determined and related to gestational age. The results were compared with normal pregnancy. The mean level of creatinine in toxemia was significantly higher from the 32nd week till term (p less than 0.05) and the L/S-ratio was significantly higher (p less than 0.05) in the 34th-35th week compared with normal pregnancy. Creatinine concentration was significantly elevated in diabetic pregnancy in the 36th-37th week (p less than 0.05). Creatinine concentration tended to be low in Rh-isoimmunization. A creatinine concentration greater than or equal to 1.8 mg% and a L/S-ration greater than or equal to 2.25 always corresponded to a gestational age greater than or equal to 35th week. To get increased precision in estimating gestational age in complicated as well as in normal pregnancy the determination of both creatinine concentration and L/S-ratio in amniotic fluid is recommended.
Associations of greenness with gestational diabetes mellitus: The Guangdong Registry of Congenital Heart Disease (GRCHD) study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse short- and long-term health outcomes among mothers and their offspring. GDM affects 0.6%-15% of pregnancies worldwide and its incidence is increasing. However, intervention strategies are lacking for GDM. Previous studies indicated a protective association between greenspace and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while few studies have explored the association between greenness and GDM. This study aimed to investigate the association between residential greenness and GDM among women from 40 clinical centers in Guangdong province, south China. The study population comprised 5237 pregnant mothers of fetuses and infants without birth defects, from 2004 to 2016. There were n = 157 diagnosed with GDM according to World Health Organization criteria. We estimated residential greenness using the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), derived from satellite imagery using a spatial-statistical model. Associations between greenness during pregnancy and GDM were assessed by confounder-adjusted random effects log-binomial regression models, with participating centers as the random effect. One interquartile increments of NDVI(250m), NDVI(500m) and NDVI(1000m) were associated with 13% (RR = 0.87, 95%CI: 0.87-0.87), 8% (RR = 0.92, 95%CI: 0.91-0.92) and 3% (RR = 0.97, 95%CI: 0.97-0.97) lower risks for GDM, respectively. However, NDVI(3000m) was not significantly associated with GDM (RR = 0.96, 95%CI: 0.78-1.19). The risk for GDM decreased monotonically with greater NDVI. The protective effect of greenness on GDM was stronger among women with lower socioeconomic status and in environments with a lower level air pollutants. Our results suggest that greenness might provide an effective intervention to decrease GDM. Greenness and residential proximity to greenspace should be considered in community planning to improve maternal health outcomes.
Epigenetic Down-Regulation of Sirt 1 via DNA Methylation and Oxidative Stress Signaling Contributes to the Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Fetal Programming of Heart Ischemia-Sensitive Phenotype in Late Life.; Rationale: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. However, whether and how GDM exposure induces fetal programming of adult cardiac dysfunctional phenotype, especially the underlying epigenetic molecular mechanisms and theranostics remain unclear. To address this problem, we developed a late GDM rat model. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation by streptozotocin (STZ). Experiments were conducted in 6 weeks old offspring. Results: There were significant increases in ischemia-induced cardiac infarction and gender-dependent left ventricular (LV) dysfunction in male offspring in GDM group as compared to controls. Exposure to GDM enhanced ROS level and caused a global DNA methylation in offspring cardiomyocytes. GDM attenuated cardiac Sirt 1 protein and p-Akt/Akt levels, but enhanced autophagy-related proteins expression (Atg 5 and LC3 II/LC3 I) as compared to controls. Ex-vivo treatment of DNA methylation inhibitor, 5-Aza directly inhibited Dnmt3A and enhanced Sirt 1 protein expression in fetal hearts. Furthermore, treatment with antioxidant, N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) in offspring reversed GDM-mediated DNA hypermethylation, Sirt1 repression and autophagy-related gene protein overexpression in the hearts, and rescued GDM-induced deterioration in heart ischemic injury and LV dysfunction. Conclusion: Our data indicated that exposure to GDM induced offspring cardiac oxidative stress and DNA hypermethylation, resulting in an epigenetic down-regulation of Sirt1 gene and aberrant development of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype, which suggests that Sirt 1-mediated signaling is the potential therapeutic target for the heart ischemic disease in offspring.
Improved pregnancy outcome in type 1 diabetic women with microalbuminuria or diabetic nephropathy: effect of intensified antihypertensive therapy?; OBJECTIVE: To describe pregnancy outcome in type 1 diabetic women with normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria, or diabetic nephropathy after implementation of an intensified antihypertensive therapeutic strategy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Prospective study of 117 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. Antihypertensive therapy, mainly methyldopa, was given to obtain blood pressure <135/85 mmHg and urinary albumin excretion <300 mg/24 h. Blood pressure and A1C were recorded during pregnancy. The pregnancy outcome was compared with recently published studies of pregnant women with microalbuminuria or diabetic nephropathy. RESULTS: Antihypertensive therapy was given in 14 of 100 women with normoalbuminuria, 5 of 10 women with microalbuminuria, and all 7 women with diabetic nephropathy. Mean systolic blood pressure during pregnancy was 120 mmHg (range 101-147), 122 mmHg (116-135), and 135 mmHg (111-145) in women with normoalbuminuria, microalbuminuria, and diabetic nephropathy, respectively (P = 0.0095). No differences in mean diastolic blood pressure or A1C were detected between the groups. No women with microalbuminuria developed preeclampsia. The frequency of preterm delivery was 20% in women with normoalbuminuria and microalbuminuria in contrast to 71% in women with diabetic nephropathy (P < 0.01) where the median gestational age was 258 days (220-260). Compared with previous studies using less stringent antihypertensive therapeutic strategy and less strict metabolic control, gestational age was longer and birth weight was larger in our study. CONCLUSIONS: With intensified antihypertensive therapy and strict metabolic control, comparable pregnancy outcome was seen in type 1 diabetic women with microalbuminuria and normoalbuminuria. Although less severe than in previous studies, diabetic nephropathy was associated with more adverse pregnancy outcome.
Risk factors for fetal macrosomia: the importance of a positive oral glucose challenge test.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate whether minor abnormalities of glucose metabolism without gestational diabetes are a risk factor for fetal overgrowth. DESIGN: A sample of 1883 unselected white mother-infant pairs were screened for gestational diabetes using a 50 g 1-h oral glucose challenge test (GCT) in two periods of pregnancy: early (16-20 weeks) and late (26-30 weeks). METHODS: The effects of risk factors (glucose metabolism, previous history of mothers, obesity, multiparity and age of mothers) were estimated using a multinomial logit model. RESULTS: The level of risk was related to gestational age at the appearance of an abnormal GCT. Patients with an abnormal GCT in the early and late periods of pregnancy (Group 1) had a risk of delivering a large for gestational age (LGA) infant seven times higher than the control group (normal GCT in both periods), and patients with a normal GCT in the early period and an abnormal GCT in the late period (Group 2) showed a risk three times higher than the control group. Among the historical risk factors for LGA infants, such as maternal obesity, multiparity, previous gestational diabetes and previous delivery of an infant weighing 4000 g or more, only the latter was associated with fetal overgrowth with a risk level 4.7 higher than the control group. Group 1 patients had a significantly higher incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension and preterm birth. There were no differences in the frequency of 5-min Apgar score < 7 and metabolic complications among the infants of all groups. We found a significantly higher rate of shoulder dystocia in Group 1 infants than in infants in the other groups. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that a positive GCT at 26-30 weeks is the most important risk factor for fetal overgrowth. This result was strongly enforced in patients who had also shown a positive early GCT at 16-20 weeks.
In utero exposure to maternal obesity and diabetes: animal models that identify and characterize implications for future health.; The developed and developing worlds are experiencing an epidemic of obesity and associated predisposition to diabetes. This epidemic places a major drain on health care resources. It is now clear that maternal obesity and gestational diabetes have major adverse effects on the developing fetus that lead to increased neonatal morbidity and mortality, as discussed elsewhere in this issue. Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes represent a special problem, not only as a result of their immediate adverse effects on maternal health and pregnancy outcome, but also because of growing evidence for their persistent and deleterious effects on the developing child.
Follow-up and screening for type-2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that is possible to prevent by systematic follow-up and preventive measures. The aim of this study was to examine whether women with previous GDM were offered follow-up in primary care, according to Swedish national guidelines. DESIGN: Retrospective review of electronic medical records. SETTING: Primary care in southern Sweden, Skåne county. SUBJECTS: Women who received a GDM diagnosis in 2018 at the Endocrinology department, Skåne University Hospital in Lund. The study population consisted of a total number of 161 patients, whereof 83 patients were included. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Whether primary care offered follow-up for T2DM after GDM and if any communication took place between secondary and primary care. Furthermore, it was examined whether the quality of the follow-up was in accordance with the national guidelines. RESULTS: Of the study population, a total of 29% (n = 24) had been followed-up by primary care. In 55% (n = 46) of the cases, there was no communication between secondary and primary care. Plasma glucose was checked in all (n = 20) cases where follow-up could be evaluated. Conversations about lifestyle habits took place in 70% (n = 14) of the cases. Weight and risk factors for cardiovascular disease were controlled in less than half (n = 9) of the patients. Lifestyle advice was offered in two cases and in 24% (n = 20) of the cases an annual check-up was planned. CONCLUSIONS: The follow-up of women with previous GDM in primary care in southern Sweden was lacking in seven out of 10 cases and showed great potential for improvement.Key PointsGestational diabetes is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes.Earlier research has recognized that risk reduction is possible by systematic follow-up and preventive measures, but the extent of follow-up in primary care in southern Sweden remains unknown.This study demonstrates a lack of follow-up according to national guidelines for women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care in southern Sweden.There is great potential to improve the care of these patients with relatively simple means.
Pregnancy in type 2 diabetes mellitus--problems & promises.; The parallel epidemics of obesity and Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are progressing rapidly in Australia. The high prevalence of obesity and sedentary lifestyle in the population, compounded by later child bearing, has led to an increase in the prevalence of T2DM pre-dating pregnancy. In some centers, pregnant women with T2DM now outnumber those with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). Although there is controversy as to whether T2DM is associated with worse outcomes than T1DM in pregnancy, modern reports clearly acknowledge the seriousness of this condition. There is a clear association between obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (cesarean section, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, birth defects and prematurity). Aside from obesity and the metabolic syndrome, additional factors may contribute to these adverse outcomes: A lack of preconception planning, a failure to achieve tight glycaemic control early in pregnancy and socio-economic disadvantage. It's likely that obesity and diabetes have compounding effects on pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we evaluate both the underlying pathogenesis of T2DM and obesity in the pregnancy context and the adverse clinical maternal and perinatal outcomes described in pregnancies complicated by maternal T2DM and obesity. We highlight the need for a comprehensive strategy to improve clinical outcomes in these pregnancies.
Markers of oxidative stress in diabetic mothers and their infants during delivery.; Oxidative stress is probably a pathophysiological process leading to disadvantageous outcomes in diabetic pregnancies. We aimed to map a complex of potential markers of oxidative stress in this condition. Diabetic mothers had significantly higher concentrations of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances in the plasma [TBARS] both before (p<0.0001) and after (p<0.001) delivery and also their newborns showed higher values of TBARS (p<0.0001) in comparison with the control group. Diabetic mothers also showed lower concentrations of reduced glutathione in erythrocytes [GSH] both before (p<0.05) and after (p<0.01) delivery and their infants also had lower levels of GSH (p<0.0001). We found a lower total antioxidative capacity of plasma [AOC] before delivery (p<0.05) in the diabetic group in comparison with the control group. Newborns of diabetic mothers had higher plasmatic concentrations of apolipoproteine B [apo B] (p<0.05), higher erythrocyte glutathione peroxidase [GPx] activity (p<0.05) and lower pH (p<0.001) in the umbilical cord blood, when compared with infants of control non-diabetic mothers. We conclude that pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus represent increased oxidative stress for both mother and her infant. TBARS in plasma are a valuable marker of oxidative stress in this condition. Disruption of glutathione peroxidase/glutathione pattern can be involved in pathophysiology of enhanced oxidative stress in diabetic pregnancies.
[Cardiotocographic monitoring of fetal health. Comparative evaluation of traditional and computerized methods].; One hundred physiological pregnant women and 76 pathological pregnant women suffering from gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension underwent a cardiotocographic examination during the course of routine diagnostic tests. The interpretation of cardiotocographic printouts was carried out using traditional as well as computerised methods. The outcome of these tests was then related to neonatal outcome and other parameters which contributed to defining the prognosis of pregnancy. Computerised analysis was found to provide a more reliable diagnosis in comparison to traditional methods in identifying those pregnancies with a pathological neonatal outcome. In particular, in the group of physiological pregnancies, computerised interpretation proved more reliable in 87.5% of cases in which neonatal outcome was pathological; on the contrary, traditional interpretations only revealed 37.5% of the same cases. In pathological pregnancies, automatic interpretation was also found to be more reliable in predicting the non-pathological outcomes, whereas traditional methods provided a high incidence of uncertain answers.
Women's perspectives on motivational factors for lifestyle changes after gestational diabetes and implications for diabetes prevention interventions.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy and constitutes a public health problem due to the risk of developing diabetes and other diseases. Most women face barriers in complying with preventive programs. This study aimed to explore motivational factors for lifestyle changes among women with a history of GDM and their suggestions for preventive programs. METHODS: This study used a qualitative approach in six focus group interviews with a total of 32 women. The selection criteria were time since onset of GDM, including women diagnosed with GDM, six months and five years after GDM, diagnosed and not diagnosed with diabetes. Inductive analysis was performed. RESULTS: The women reacted with anxiety about their GDM diagnosis and experienced persistent concerns about the consequences of GDM. They were highly motivated to take preventive initiatives, but faced major adherence challenges. The demotivating factors were lack of time and resources, too little family involvement, lack of knowledge and social norms that may obstruct healthy eating. A powerful motivational factor for complying with preventive strategies was the well-being of their children and partners. CONCLUSIONS: Preventive initiatives should be rooted in the women's perception of GDM/diabetes and based on their experiences with barriers and motivational factors. The well-being and the quality of life within the family are dominant motivational factors which offer powerful potentials for supporting the women's coping capability. Further, there is a need to be responsiveness to the women and their families even a long time after the onset of GDM.
Evaluation of the relationship between capillary and venous plasma glucose concentrations obtained by the HemoCue Glucose 201+ system during an oral glucose tolerance test.; In 55 women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, simultaneous capillary and venous plasma glucose concentrations were measured at 0, 30 and 120 min during a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The aims of the study were to examine the relationship between capillary and venous glucose measurements, and to establish equations for the conversion of capillary and venous glucose concentrations using the HemoCue Glucose 201+ system. Additionally, the correlation between the capillary and venous glucose concentrations with the diagnostic cut-off limits proposed by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1999 was evaluated. Capillary glucose concentrations were consistently higher than venous glucose concentrations at all time points of the OGTT (p < 0.001), and the correlations between the measurements were statistically highly significant (p < 0.001). The differences between the samples were greatest in the non-fasting state as revealed by the 95% prediction intervals (mmol/L) in Bland-Altman plots; ± 0.54 at 0 min, ± 2.01 at 30 min, and ± 1.35 at 120 min. Equivalence values for capillary plasma glucose concentrations derived from this study tended to be higher than those proposed by the WHO as diagnostic cut-off limits. Stratifying subjects by glucose tolerance status according to the WHO criteria revealed disagreements related to glucose values close to the diagnostic cut-off points. The study findings highlight the uncertainty associated with derived equivalence values. However, capillary plasma glucose measurements could be suitable for diagnostic purposes in epidemiological studies and when translating results on a group basis.
Weight Change and Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Postpartum Women with History of Gestational Diabetes.; Weight gain after childbirth is a significant risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) development after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The level of weight loss achieved in diabetes prevention programs for women after GDM is often low but its effects on the cardiometabolic risk are not known. In a secondary analysis of a diabetes prevention program in postpartum women with history of gestational diabetes, we evaluated the effect of weight change on the cardiometabolic outcomes at 1-year follow-up. Of the 284 women randomized to the intervention arm, 206 with the final outcome measurements were included in the analyses. Participants were categorized into weight loss (>2 kg, n = 74), weight stable (±2 kg, n = 74) or weight gain (>2 kg, n = 58) groups. The weight loss group had significantly greater decrease in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) than the weight gain group (-0.1 + 0.4% vs. 0 + 0.4%, p = 0.049). The weight loss group had significantly greater decrease in total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol cholesterol than the other two groups (p < 0.05). The weight gain group had significantly greater increase in triglyceride and triglyceride:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio compare with the other groups (p < 0.01). Overall, a small amount of weight loss and prevention of further weight gain was beneficial to the cardiometabolic outcomes of postpartum women after GDM.
Obstetric complications with GDM. Effects of maternal weight.; Obstetric complications recorded prospectively were assessed retrospectively in 150 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 305 control subjects matched for age, parity, and ethnicity. Intensive diet therapy and self-monitoring of capillary blood glucose were used to obtain postprandial euglycemia; 22% of GDM subjects required insulin. GDM and control subjects were grouped by body mass index to detect any influence of maternal prepregnancy weight on outcome. Polyhydramnios, preterm labor, and pyelonephritis were not more frequent in GDM, but hypertension without proteinuria (7.3 vs. 3.3%) and preeclampsia (8 vs. 3.9%) were more frequent in GDM. The frequency of hypertensive complications in GDM was not totally attributable to being overweight. Abnormalities of labor, birth trauma, and fetal macrosomia were not more common in GDM; 6.7% of the infants of mothers with GDM weighed greater than 4200 g at birth compared with 3.6% of control infants (NS), and 10% were large for gestational age and sex compared with 6.6% of control infants (NS). Despite this, cesarean delivery was more common in GDM (35.3 vs. 22%, P less than 0.01), mostly due to significantly more cesarean births without labor.
Microstructural Brain Development and Neurodevelopmental Outcome of Very Preterm Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: There are data linking gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with adverse neurodevelopmental outcome in the offspring. We investigated the effect of GDM on microstructural brain development and neurodevelopmental outcome of very preterm infants. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Preterm infants &lt;32 gestational weeks of mothers with GDM obtained cerebral magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) including diffusion-tensor imaging at term-equivalent age. For every infant, two gestational age-, sex-, and MRI scanner type-matched controls were included. Brain injury was assessed and fractional anisotropy (FA) and apparent diffusion coefficient (ADC) measured in 14 defined cerebral regions. Neurodevelopmental outcome was quantified at the corrected age of 24 months using the Bayley Scales of Infant Development. RESULTS: We included 47 infants of mothers with GDM and 94 controls. There were no differences in neonatal morbidity between the groups, nor in any type of brain injury. The GDM group showed significantly higher FA values in the centrum semiovale, the posterior limb of the internal capsule and the pons bilaterally, in the corpus callosum and the right occipital white matter, as well as lower ADC values in the right centrum semiovale, the right occipital white matter and the corpus callosum. Neurodevelopmental outcome did not differ between the groups. CONCLUSION: We found no impairment of brain development in GDM-exposed infants compared to matched controls, but differences in white matter microstructure in specific regions indicating an enhanced maturation. However, neurodevelopmental outcome was equal in both groups. Further studies are needed to better understand brain maturation in preterm infants exposed to GDM.
Pregnancy complications and later life women's health.; There has been increasing recognition of the association between various pregnancy complications and development of chronic disease in later life. Pregnancy has come to be regarded as a physiological stress test, as the strain it places on a woman's body may reveal underlying predispositions to disease that would otherwise remain hidden for many years. Despite the increasing body of data, there is a lack of awareness among healthcare providers surrounding these risks. We performed a narrative literature review and have summarized the associations between the common pregnancy complications including gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, spontaneous preterm birth, stillbirth and miscarriage and subsequent development of chronic disease. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, spontaneous preterm birth, gestational diabetes, pregnancy loss and placental abruption are all associated with increased risk of various forms of cardiovascular disease. Gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, early miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus. Pre-eclampsia, stillbirth and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of venous thromboembolism. Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and stillbirth are associated with increased risk of chronic kidney disease. Gestational diabetes is associated with postnatal depression, and also with increased risk of thyroid and stomach cancers. Stillbirth, miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of mental health disorders including depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorders. Counseling in the postnatal period following a complicated pregnancy, and advice regarding risk reduction should be available for all women. Further studies are required to establish optimal screening intervals for cardiovascular disease and diabetes following complicated pregnancy.
Pregnancy Complications as a Window to Future Cardiovascular Disease.; Pregnancy is a time of significant hemodynamic, metabolic, and hormonal stress that can unmask underlying subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, and pregnancy-related complications may serve as early warning signs for future risk of cardiovascular disease. The increased recognition of these sex-specific risk factors could identify women who may benefit from more intensive risk factor modification to reduce morbidity and mortality later in life. In this review, we describe several pregnancy-related complications that have been associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and pregnancy loss. Pregnancy-associated risk factors must be identified to fully assess a woman's future cardiovascular risk and may influence strategies for risk reduction.
The long-term effects of stillbirth on women with and without gestational diabetes: a population-based cohort study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to estimate the incidence of type 2 diabetes (primary objective) and hospitalisation for cardiovascular events (secondary objective) in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and in those with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy, and to evaluate the role of stillbirth in differentiating the risks. METHODS: This was a population-based cohort study using administrative data and involving 12 local health authorities. Women with GDM (n = 3,851) during the index period from 2002 to 2010 were propensity matched with women with NGT (n = 11,553). Information was collected on type 2 diabetes development and hospitalisation for cardiovascular events. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 5.4 years, the incidence rate per 1,000 person-years of type 2 diabetes was 2.1 (95% CI 1.8, 2.5) in women without GDM and 54.0 (95% CI 50.2, 58.0) among women with GDM and pregnancy at term (incidence rate ratio [IRR] 26.9; 95% CI 22.1, 32.7 compared with NGT and pregnancy at term). A history of stillbirth increased the risk of type 2 diabetes development by about twofold, irrespective of GDM status. No significant interaction between stillbirth and GDM on type 2 diabetes risk was found. GDM was associated with a significantly higher risk of cardiovascular events compared with NGT (IRR 2.4; 95% CI 1.5, 3.8). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Pregnancy complicated by GDM and ending in stillbirth represents an important contributory factor in determining type 2 diabetes development. Women with GDM are at a high risk of future cardiovascular events. Women with pregnancy complicated by GDM and stillbirth deserve careful follow-up.
Interconception care for women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) signals greater pregnancy risk but also increased lifelong risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In women with GDM, insulin resistance exceeds that observed in normal pregnancy and to varying degrees may persist or worsen after birth. Therefore, during postpartum and interconception periods, women with a history of GDM must be monitored for manifestations of increasing insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and increased adiposity. Care of women with prior GDM in the postpartum and interconception periods affords clinicians a unique opportunity for targeted screening and health promotion. The objective of this review was to synthesize evidence related to interconception care for women following a pregnancy complicated by GDM and to suggest principles of care: 1) case finding and multiple patient/clinician reminders for women with prior GDM are necessary so that screening occurs in the postpartum through interconception periods; 2) monitoring of metabolic (glucose) and cardiovascular risk (lipids, blood pressure, adiposity) should occur at regular intervals and more often in women with additional risk factors such as insulin use during pregnancy, early diagnosis of GDM, obesity, prediabetes, and dyslipidemia; 3) breastfeeding and use of long-term contraception should be encouraged; and 4) lifestyle modifications that are effective in preventing and delaying disease should be encouraged.
Assessment of the Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Well-Controlled Gestational Diabetics and to Determine Whether It Is Predictive of Adverse Perinatal Outcome.; This study was aimed at determining if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in well-controlled gestational diabetics and if so whether it is predictive of adverse perinatal outcome. In a prospective cross-sectional study, 54 consecutive women with well-controlled gestational diabetes controlled on insulin or metformin in the third trimester were recruited and matched with 54 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Sonographic biophysical and placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth; neonatal death; neonatal intensive care admissions; tachypnea with pulmonary edema; neonatal cord pH < 7.15; 5-min Apgar score < 7, polycythemia; and nucleated red blood cells > 10/100 white blood cell counts, hypoglycemia. The MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to controls (p < 0.0001). Rate of adverse outcome was 22% in the diabetic group. The diabetic group with adverse outcomes had significantly elevated MPI values compared to the diabetic group with normal outcomes. There were 26 diabetics controlled on metformin and 28 controlled on insulin. The adverse outcome rate was slightly higher in the IDDM group compared to the non-insulin-dependent group but was not statistically significant. The main adverse outcomes were low Apgars (18%), hypoglycemia (22%), polycythemia (13%) and low pH in 7%. All control births had normal outcomes. MPI served as an independent predictor of adverse outcome. The MPI z-score had a good diagnostic accuracy as evidenced by the area under the ROC curve of 0.83. An MPI z-score exceeding 4.55 conferred a 90% sensitivity and 74% specificity, with 77% of outcomes correctly classified with a likelihood ratio of 3.5. The MPI is impaired in fetuses in well-controlled gestational diabetes, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI values compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the diabetic group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
Mangiferin ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus-induced placental oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress and improves fetal outcomes in mice.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a temporary form of diabetes during pregnancy, which causes maternal diabetic symptoms and abnormal fetal development, and influence the health of maternal-child in clinical practice. Mangiferin is a bioactive ingredient with anti-inflammation, anti-oxidation and anti-endoplasmic reticulum stress activities. In current study, the effects of mangiferin on GDM were evaluated. We reported that mangiferin greatly improved altered glucose and lipid profile, insulin tolerance, and reproductive outcomes of the GDM mice. Mangiferin ameliorated placental oxidative stress, inflammation and ER stress in GDM mice. Therefore, we demonstrated that mangiferin displayed protective effects on gestational diabetes mellitus symptoms by suppressing placental oxidative stress, inflammation and endoplasmic reticulum stress in GDM mice.
Fasting capillary glucose as a screening test for ruling out gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: A common approach to screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the testing of all pregnant women with a one-hour, 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT), followed by a diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) when the GCT is positive (≥ 7.8 mmol/L). As only a small subset of those with a positive GCT will have GDM, many more women undergo the OGTT than may be necessary. In this context, we hypothesized that measurement of fasting capillary glucose (FCG) could provide a strategy for reducing the number of unnecessary OGTTs. Thus, we sought to identify a threshold level of FCG below which GDM could be ruled out following a positive GCT, without need for the OGTT. METHODS: Following a positive GCT, 888 women underwent measurement of FCG prior to their OGTT. We evaluated the test characteristics of FCG for identifying the 209 women diagnosed with GDM on the OGTT. RESULTS: Fasting capillary glucose was positively associated with each glucose measurement on the OGTT (all P < 0.001) and inversely related to insulin sensitivity and pancreatic beta-cell function (both P < 0.001). As FCG increased, the prevalence of GDM progressively rose (P < 0.001). However, the area under the curve of the receiver-operating characteristic curve for FCG in predicting GDM was modest (0.67). Although using an FCG threshold of 4.8 mmol/L could reduce the number of OGTTs by 28.4%, this approach would miss 18.2% of cases of GDM. CONCLUSION: Fasting capillary glucose is associated with glycemia, insulin sensitivity, and pancreatic beta-cell function. However, a single FCG measurement is insufficient for reliably ruling out GDM after an abnormal GCT.
The role of lipid dysregulation in gestational diabetes mellitus: Early prediction and postpartum prognosis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathological condition during pregnancy characterized by impaired glucose tolerance, and the failure of pancreatic beta-cells to respond appropriately to an increased insulin demand. However, while the majority of women with GDM will return to normoglycemia after delivery, they have up to a seven times higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes during midlife, compared with those with no history of GDM. Gestational diabetes mellitus also increases the risk of multiple metabolic disorders, including non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Lipid metabolism undergoes significant changes throughout the gestational period, and lipid dysregulation is strongly associated with GDM and the progression to future type 2 diabetes. In addition to common lipid variables, discovery-based omics techniques, such as metabolomics and lipidomics, have identified lipid biomarkers that correlate with GDM. These lipid species also show considerable potential in predicting the onset of GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes post-delivery. This review aims to update the current knowledge of the role that lipids play in the onset of GDM, with a focus on potential lipid biomarkers or metabolic pathways. These biomarkers may be useful in establishing predictive models to accurately predict the future onset of GDM and type 2 diabetes, and early intervention may help to reduce the complications associated with GDM.
The Role of Lifestyle Interventions in the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy-related endocrinopathies, affecting up to 25% of pregnancies globally. GDM increases the risk of perinatal and delivery complications, and the chance of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications, including cardiovascular diseases. This elevated risk is then passed on to the next generation, creating a cycle of metabolic dysfunction across generations. For many years, GDM preventive measures have had inconsistent results, but recent systematic reviews and meta-analyses have identified promising new preventative routes. This review aims to summarize the evidence investigating the efficacy of lifestyle treatments for the prevention of GDM and to summarize the effects of two lifestyle interventions, including physical activity and dietary interventions. Based on the present research, future studies should be conducted to investigate whether initiating lifestyle interventions during the preconception period is more beneficial in preventing GDM. In addition, research targeting pregnancy should be designed with a personalized approach. Therefore, studies should customize intervention approaches depending on the presence of modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors at the individual level.
Associations of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus with menopausal symptoms at midlife in Project Viva.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the associations of a lifetime history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with menopausal symptoms in midlife. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of women participating in Project Viva, an ongoing cohort enrolled during pregnancy. The exposure was lifetime history of HDP or GDM assessed for the index pregnancy by review of outpatient and hospital medical records and for all other pregnancies by interview or questionnaire at study entry (1999-2002) and the midlife visit (2017-2021). The primary outcome was the Menopause Rating Scale (MRS) applied at the midlife study visit. We used linear or logistic regression models adjusted for covariates such as baseline age, race/ethnicity, education, married/cohabiting, household income, baseline parity, age at menarche, and body mass index at midlife. RESULTS: Of the 676 included participants, 120 (18%) had a history of HDP, and 47 (7%) had a history of GDM. The mean (SD) age was 52 (3.9) years at the midlife visit, and 48% of the participants had experienced menopause. There were no consistent differences in total, domain-specific, or individual symptoms in women with a history of HDP or GDM. A history of HDP and/or GDM was not associated with age at the onset of natural menopause. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings do not support an association of a history of HDP or GDM with the severity of menopausal symptoms or age at the onset of natural menopause. Larger studies of women with a history of these pregnancy complications are needed to clarify their association with menopausal symptoms.
Three-dimensional echocardiography and cardiac strain imaging in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with premature cardiovascular disease and adverse cardiovascular outcome in the mother. Subclinical cardiac functional changes in the left ventricle have been reported during pregnancy in women with GDM using conventional echocardiography, but results are inconsistent. The aims of the current study were to assess whether GDM is associated with biventricular systolic dysfunction in the mother and whether these cardiac changes can be detected using the novel echocardiographic modalities of strain imaging and three-dimensional (3D) echocardiography. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study in women with GDM and controls examined at 26-40 weeks of gestation. All women underwent echocardiography, and 3D volumes of the left and right ventricles and left atrium were collected. Ejection fraction and left ventricular mass were measured using 3D echocardiography. Left ventricular mass was indexed to body surface area. Speckle-tracking echocardiography was used to assess global longitudinal strain of the left and right ventricles and strain of the left atrium. RESULTS: The study population included 123 women with GDM and 246 controls. Women with GDM, compared to controls, were older (35.1 ± 5.2 vs 32.4 ± 5.5 years; P < 0.001), had higher body mass index (30.6 (interquartile range (IQR), 26.2-35.2) vs 27.5 (IQR, 24.7-30.7) kg/m(2) ; P < 0.001) and had higher systolic blood pressure (119.9 ± 11.2 vs 116.4 ± 12.0 mmHg; P = 0.007). In all women with GDM, there was good glycemic control. In women with GDM, compared to controls, there was lower global longitudinal strain of the left ventricle (-19.3% (IQR, -21.4 to -17.6%) vs -20.1% (IQR, -22.1 to -18.7%); P = 0.002) and right ventricle (-22.2% (IQR, -26.1 to -19.8%) vs -24.1% (IQR, -27.0 to -21.9%); P < 0.001). There was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction, left ventricular mass, diastolic function assessed by left atrial strain, or 3D functional indices. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have lower left and right ventricular myocardial deformation. Volumetric assessment using 3D echocardiography does not provide additional information about maternal cardiac function. Strain imaging is a sensitive echocardiographic modality to detect early cardiac functional changes in women with GDM. Further studies are needed to assess the pattern of deterioration of cardiac function with advancing age in women with a history of GDM. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Pregnancy in women with Type 2 diabetes: 12 years outcome data 1990-2002.; AIM: Twelve years' outcome analysis of pregnancies in women with Type 2 diabetes in a multiethnic geographically defined area. METHODS: Information about 182 women delivered between 1990 and 2002 was ascertained from a regional computerized database. The main outcome measures were rates of miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal/postnatal deaths, congenital malformations, birth weight, mode of delivery, and neonatal unit care as well as maternal morbidities of polyhydramnios, postpartum haemorrhage, pregnancy-induced hypertension/pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: Among 182 singleton pregnancies, 161 (88%) resulted in a live outcome. There were 16 (8.8%) spontaneous miscarriages, two (1.2%) stillbirths, and three (1.6%) terminations. Congenital malformations occurred in 18 pregnancies (99/1000). There were two early and one late neonatal deaths and two further deaths in the postnatal period. Twenty-eight percent of infants were large for gestational age, with 15 (9.3%) greater than 4 kg. Fifty-three percent were delivered by caesarean section and 68 (37%) required admission to neonatal unit (NNU) care. Hypertension/pre-eclampsia was two times, polyhydramnios three times, and postpartum haemorrhage six times more common than in non-diabetic women. CONCLUSIONS: Women with Type 2 diabetes have a less satisfactory pregnancy outcome compared with the general population. Infants have a two-fold greater risk of stillbirth, a 2.5-fold greater risk of a perinatal mortality, a 3.5-fold greater risk of death within the first month and a six-fold greater risk of death up to 1 year compared with regional/national figures. They have an 11 times greater risk of a congenital malformation. We need to develop better educational and screening strategies if we are to improve.
Lipid Metabolism Is Dysregulated before, during and after Pregnancy in a Mouse Model of Gestational Diabetes.; The aim of the current study was to test the hypothesis that maternal lipid metabolism was modulated during normal pregnancy and that these modulations are altered in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We tested this hypothesis using an established mouse model of diet-induced obesity with pregnancy-associated loss of glucose tolerance and a novel lipid analysis tool, Lipid Traffic Analysis, that uses the temporal distribution of lipids to identify differences in the control of lipid metabolism through a time course. Our results suggest that the start of pregnancy is associated with several changes in lipid metabolism, including fewer variables associated with de novo lipogenesis and fewer PUFA-containing lipids in the circulation. Several of the changes in lipid metabolism in healthy pregnancies were less apparent or occurred later in dams who developed GDM. Some changes in maternal lipid metabolism in the obese-GDM group were so late as to only occur as the control dams' systems began to switch back towards the non-pregnant state. These results demonstrate that lipid metabolism is modulated in healthy pregnancy and the timing of these changes is altered in GDM pregnancies. These findings raise important questions about how lipid metabolism contributes to changes in metabolism during healthy pregnancies. Furthermore, as alterations in the lipidome are present before the loss of glucose tolerance, they could contribute to the development of GDM mechanistically.
Health impacts of new-onset diabetes in women post-gestational diabetes mellitus: Insights from Hong Kong's territory-wide data.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: To determine the population health burden attributable to the development of diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis of women with a history of GDM attending the Hong Kong Hospital Authority between 2000 and 2019. The time-varying population attributable fraction was calculated. RESULTS: A total of 76,181 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus were included, 6,606 of them developed diabetes during a median follow-up of 8.6 years. The respective hazard ratios (95% confidence interval) among women with GDM who developed diabetes vs those with GDM only were 2.8 (2.2, 3.7) for cardiovascular disease (CVD), 4.8 (3.0, 7.7) for end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), 2.2 (1.9, 2.6) for infection-related hospitalization, and 1.8 (1.3, 2.4) for all-cause mortality. The development of diabetes was associated with 1.3 (0.8, 1.7), 0.6 (0.3, 0.8), 3.2 (2.4, 4.0), and 0.5 (0.2, 0.9) additional incident cases per 1,000 person-years, accounting for 24.0% (13.2%, 35.9%), 42.0% (22.5%, 58.8%), 10.8% (7.1%, 14.9%), and 6.0% (-3.1%, 16.1%) of absolute number of CVD, ESKD, infection-related hospitalization, and all-cause mortality over 20 years after GDM, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes is a significant contributor to the population health burden of some clinical outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, but other risk factors need to be considered.
Mechanisms of Endothelial Dysfunction in Pre-eclampsia and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Windows Into Future Cardiometabolic Health?; Placental insufficiency and adipose tissue dysregulation are postulated to play key roles in the pathophysiology of both pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A dysfunctional release of deleterious signaling motifs can offset an increase in circulating oxidative stressors, pro-inflammatory factors and various cytokines. It has been previously postulated that endothelial dysfunction, instigated by signaling from endocrine organs such as the placenta and adipose tissue, may be a key mediator of the vasculopathy that is evident in both adverse obstetric complications. These signaling pathways also have significant effects on long term maternal cardiometabolic health outcomes, specifically cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have noted that both PE and GDM are strongly associated with lower maternal flow-mediated dilation, however the exact pathways which link endothelial dysfunction to clinical outcomes in these complications remains in question. The current diagnostic regimen for both PE and GDM lacks specificity and consistency in relation to clinical guidelines. Furthermore, current therapeutic options rely largely on clinical symptom control such as antihypertensives and insulin therapy, rather than that of early intervention or prophylaxis. A better understanding of the pathogenic origin of these obstetric complications will allow for more targeted therapeutic interventions. In this review we will explore the complex signaling relationship between the placenta and adipose tissue in PE and GDM and investigate how these intricate pathways affect maternal endothelial function and, hence, play a role in acute pathophysiology and the development of future chronic maternal health outcomes.
Fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity: A potential threat for programming cardiovascular disease.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal obesity (MO) increase the risk of adverse fetal outcomes, and the incidence of cardiovascular disease later in life. Extensive research has been conducted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms by which GDM and MO program the offspring to disease. This review focuses on the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in programming the offspring for cardiovascular disease in GDM and MO pregnancies. We discuss how pre-existing maternal health conditions can lead to vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit and the fetus. We also examine the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in impairing fetal cardiovascular system development and the involvement of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in mediating fetoplacental vascular dysfunction. Furthermore, we suggest that the L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide and the Adenosine-L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide (ALANO) signaling pathways are pertinent targets for research. Despite significant progress in this area, there are still knowledge gaps that need to be addressed in future research.
Ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveform in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with congenital cardiac malformations and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Blood flow in the ductus venosus (DV) has been postulated to reflect cardiac function. The aim of our study was to investigate if diabetic pregnancies exhibit abnormal DV hemodynamics, hence indicating changes in fetal cardiac function. METHODS: The pulsatility index of the DV (DV-PI) was analyzed retrospectively in 142 diabetic patients and compared to previously published DV-PI reference values from a non-diabetic low-risk population. DV values were then correlated with maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). RESULTS: DV-PI was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by either pre-existing insulin-dependent (DM) or gestational diabetes when compared with normal reference values. Increased DV-PI values were still evident in both diabetic groups when neonates that were small-for-gestational age and neonates with pathological umbilical blood flow pattern were excluded from the analysis. In DM pregnancies a statistically significant correlation was found between DV-PI and maternal HbA1c. CONCLUSION: Diabetic pregnancies exhibit increased DV-PI values when compared to a normal low-risk pregnant population, possibly indicating a fetal cardiac effect.
Risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in patients undergoing assisted reproductive techniques.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between pregnancies conceived spontaneously and pregnancies conceived following assisted reproductive technology (ART). STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study evaluated the medical records of 215 women who conceived spontaneously and 145 women who conceived following ART from September 2011 to October 2012. Exclusion criteria were: polycystic ovary syndrome, maternal age ≥40 years, family history of diabetes in first-degree relatives, pre-pregnancy diabetes, glucose intolerance treated with hypoglycaemic agent (e.g. metformin), history of GDM, history of stillbirth, recurrent miscarriage, history of baby with birth weight ≥4kg (macrosomia), parity >3, Cushing syndrome, congenital adrenal hyperplasia and hypothyroidism. For better comparison of the incidence of GDM, the ART group was further subdivided into: (i) an in-vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) group (n=95); and (ii) an intrauterine insemination (IUI) group (n=50). The diagnosis of GDM was based on the criteria of the American Diabetes Association. RESULTS: The incidence of GDM was significantly higher in the IVF/ICSI and IUI groups (43% and 26%, respectively) compared with the spontaneous pregnancy group (10%). Age, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and weight gain in pregnancy were similar among women with GDM in all three groups. In addition, the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension was significantly higher in the IVF/ICSI group (21%) compared with the spontaneous pregnancy group (7%). Logistic regression analysis demonstrated four strong risk factors for GDM: age, BMI, mode of ART and progesterone use during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: This study indicated that the risk of GDM is two-fold higher in women with singleton pregnancies conceived following ART compared with women who conceived spontaneously. In addition, progesterone use during pregnancy was found to be an important risk factor for GDM. This subject requires further study.
Correlations between antepartum maternal metabolism and intelligence of offspring.; BACKGROUND: It is not clear to what extent maternal metabolism during pregnancy affects the cognitive and behavioral function of the offspring by altering brain development in utero. To investigate this question, we correlated measures of metabolism in pregnant diabetic and nondiabetic women with the intellectual development of their offspring. METHODS: The study included 223 pregnant women and their singleton offspring: 89 women had diabetes before pregnancy (pregestational diabetes mellitus), 99 had the onset of diabetes during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus), and 35 had normal carbohydrate metabolism during their pregnancy. We correlated measures of maternal glucose and lipid metabolism (fasting plasma glucose levels, hemoglobin A1c levels, episodes of hypoglycemia, episodes of acetonuria, and plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate and free fatty acid levels) with two measures of intellectual development in the offspring--the mental development index of the Bayley Scales of Infant Development, given at the age of two years, and the Stanford--Binet Intelligence Scale, given at the ages of three, four, and five years and expressed as an average of the three scores. RESULTS: After correction for socioeconomic status, race or ethnic origin, and patient group, the children's mental-development-index scores at the age of two years correlated inversely with the mothers' third-trimester plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate levels (r = -0.21, P less than 0.01); the average Stanford-Binet scores correlated inversely with third-trimester plasma beta-hydroxybutyrate (r = -0.20, P less than 0.02) and free fatty acid (r = -0.27, P less than 0.002) levels. No other correlations were significant. Including various perinatal events (e.g., prematurity and acidemia) in the analyses did not alter the results. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy may affect behavioral and intellectual development in the offspring. The associations between gestational ketonemia in the mother and a lower IQ in the child warrant continued efforts to avoid ketoacidosis and accelerated starvation in all pregnant women.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Diagnostic Approaches and Maternal-Offspring Complications.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term offspring and maternal complications. For GDM screening and diagnosis, a two-step approach (1-hour 50 g glucose challenge test followed by 3-hour 100 g oral glucose tolerance test) has been widely used. After the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study implemented a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test in all pregnant women, a one-step approach was recommended as an option for the diagnosis of GDM after 2010. The one-step approach has more than doubled the incidence of GDM, but its clinical benefit in reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes remains controversial. Long-term complications of mothers with GDM include type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, and complications of their offspring include childhood obesity and glucose intolerance. The diagnostic criteria of GDM should properly classify women at risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications. The present review summarizes the strengths and weaknesses of the one-step and two-step approaches for the diagnosis of GDM based on recent randomized controlled trials and observational studies. We also describe the long-term maternal and offspring complications of GDM.
Factors affecting risks of congenital malformations. II. Effect of maternal diabetes on congenital malformations.; The effect of maternal diabetes on the risk of congenital malformations was investigated in 23,695 pregnancies of white mothers, inclucing 339 patients of the Joslin Clinic, and in 24,742 pregnancies of Negro mothers, drawn from the prospective Collaborative Perinatal Project. Of these, 372 mothers had gestational diabetes and 567 had overt diabetes (before and during pregnancy). Pregnancy outcomes studied included stillbirths and live births. Among core women (excluding the Joslin Clinic cases), the frequencies of diabetic pregnancies were 1.31% and 1.18% for white and Negro mothers, respectively; in both groups, approximately two thirds of these pregnancies had gestational diabetes. There was no increase in malformation risk in the pregnancies of mothers with gestational diabetes over that of nondiabetic mothers in either racial group. However, the risk of malformation for white mothers with overt diabetes was double that of nondiabetic mothers for both major and minor categories of malformations. The incidences of major and minor types of malformations in the pregnancies of white mothers with overt diabetes were 17.94% and 10.94%, respectively, compared to the corresponding incidences of 8.34% and 6.25% for the white nondiabetic group. In Negro mothers with overt diabetes, a smaller increase of risk was seen only in major malformations; the incidences were 13.64% and 8.45% for the diabetic and nondiabetic groups, respectively. The increased risks for malformations were distributed generally throughout the organ systems. Multiple malformations occurred more frequently in the overt diabetic than in the nondiabetic group, suggesting that maternal diabetes must act adversely an an early stage of fetal development. Two cases with the caudal regression syndrome were observed in children of diabetic mothers, whereas none was found among births from nondiabetic mothers. Insulin (or analog) therapy of diabetes neither decreased nor increased the risk of malformation in the fetus. However, duration of diabetes had a significant effect on the malformation risk: the longer the mother had the disease, the higher was the incidence of malformations in the fetus. Paternal diabetes did not contribute to increase in risk. These observations suggest that maternal diabetes per se, through its adverse effects on maternal metabolism, is the responsible factor for the increase of malformations in the offspring.
Medical disorders in pregnancy, including hypertensive diseases.; Medical disorders, including hypertensive diseases, may exist prior to pregnancy (eg, connective tissue diseases, chronic hypertension, thyroid disease) or may manifest themselves for the first time during pregnancy (eg, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension). The outcome for a particular pregnancy will depend on the nature of the disease, the severity of the disease process at onset of pregnancy, and the quality of obstetric and medical management used. Management of pregnancies with preexisting medical disorders should begin before conception. These women should be evaluated to determine the severity of the disorder and to establish the presence of possible target organ damage. In addition, they should be counseled regarding the potential adverse effects of the disease on pregnancy outcome and the effects of pregnancy on their disease. These women should be instructed regarding the importance of early onset of prenatal care and compliance with frequent prenatal visits.
Evaluation of the regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control.; OBJECTIVE: The aim is to quantitatively assess regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain (2DS) echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control. METHODS: We studied 60 consecutive normal fetuses and 35 fetuses of GDM mothers with good glycemic control by echocardiography. M-mode and two-dimensional echocardiography were used to measure ejection fraction and wall dimensions of left ventricle and right ventricle. Both left and right ventricle peak systolic myocardial strain values were obtained by 2DS echocardiography. RESULTS: Compared with normal fetuses, the thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) and the thickness of right ventricular wall were significantly increased in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Compared with those of normal fetuses, the peak systolic myocardial strain decreased significantly in the apical segments of the IVS and the apical segments of the left ventricular lateral wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05), as well as the apical and middle segments of right ventricular wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Peak negative 2DS values in 60 normal fetuses increased with the gestational age, showing a significant linear correlation(r = -0.625, p < 0.001). The average ventricular strain was not correlated to ventricular wall thickness (r = 0.127, p = 0.394). CONCLUSIONS: 2DS is a feasible approach to assess regional ventricular systolic function in the fetal hearts and it can be used to examine cardiac systolic function in GDM fetuses with good glycemic control.
A walking intervention improves capillary glucose control in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a pilot study.; Exercise prescriptions that can be translated into clinical recommendations are clearly needed for women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A pilot project was developed to document the effectiveness of a structured low-intensity walking protocol on capillary glucose control in GDM women. Ten GDM women followed conventional management of diet and insulin therapy, plus a low-intensity walking program (W) from diagnosis to delivery. Capillary glucose concentrations, insulin requirements, and pregnancy outcomes were compared with a matched cohort by body mass index (BMI), age, and insulin usage (20 GDM women who followed conventional management alone (C)). Baseline capillary glucose concentrations were not significantly different between the W and C groups. The W group had an average acute drop in capillary glucose concentration from pre- to post-exercise of 2.0 mmol x L(-1). In addition, the W group had significantly lower mean glucose concentrations in the fasted state and 1 h after meals than the C group in the week prior to delivery. These lower glucose concentrations were achieved while requiring fewer units of insulin per day (C, 0.50 +/- 0.37 U x kg(-1); W, 0.16 +/- 0.13 U x kg(-1); p < 0.05), injected less frequently. These results suggest an effective role in glucose regulation for this structured walking program.
Serum selenium level and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The association between serum selenium level and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is controversial. The aim of our study was to systematically review available literature linking selenium to GDM for a comprehensive understanding of the relationship between serum selenium level and GDM in human. METHODS: PubMed, The Cochrane Library and Medline were searched for studies published up to August 2016. Manual searches of references of the relevant original studies were carried out. Pooled estimates were measured using the fixed or random effect model. Overall effect was reported in a standard mean difference (SMD). All data were analyzed with Review Manager 5.3 and Stata 12.0. RESULTS: Of 44 references reviewed, seven studies involving 569 patients met our inclusion criteria and contributed to meta-analysis. All the studies were used to evaluate the relationship between serum selenium level and GDM. Selenium level was significantly lower in women with GDM than those without GDM (SMD = -1.17; 95 % CI: -1.98 to -0.35, P = 0.005). Subgroup analysis showed that such trend was consistent within the non-Caucasian population (Asia: SMD = -2.82; 95 % CI: -5.21 to -0.43, P = 0.02; Africa: SMD = -0.56; 95 % CI: -1.07 to -0.05, P = 0.03) and in the third trimester (SMD = -1.78; 95 % CI: -3.04 to -0.52, P = 0.006), but not within the Caucasian population (Europe: SMD = -0.6; 95 % CI: -1.98 to 0.78, P = 0.39) or in the second trimester (SMD = -0.68; 95 % CI: -1.6 to 0.25, P = 0.15). CONCLUSIONS: The available evidences suggested that serum selenium level was lower in women with GDM than those with normal glucose tolerance, especially within the non-Caucasian population and in the third trimester. However, well-designed prospective studies are needed to understand dynamic associations between selenium status and GDM risk.
'No matter what time of day': The value of joining Facebook groups supporting women's self-management of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects a significant and growing proportion of pregnant women each year. The condition entails additional monitoring, self-management and healthcare use during pregnancy, and some women also join GDM support groups on Facebook. Little is known about the practices inside these groups, but examining them may elucidate support needs, women's experience of healthcare and improve overall outcomes. The aims of this study were to explore motivations for joining GDM Facebook groups and the perceived value and benefits of such spaces. DESIGN: A cross-sectional design using a web-based survey collected data from two peer-led GDM Facebook groups; relevant quantitative and qualitative data were extracted from open and closed questions, and analysed using descriptive statistics and content analysis. RESULTS: A total of 340 women responded to the survey, with 306 (90%) tendering their motivations to join a GDM Facebook group. Their answers were classified into six categories: peer support; information and practical advice; lived experiences; community; a safe place to ask questions and being recommended. The most commonly reported benefits of membership were 'reading about food ideas' and 'finding helpful information and tips'. Respondents reported finding their group strongly sympathetic, sincere, compassionate, heart-felt, tolerant, sensitive, warm and supportive. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSIONS: GDM Facebook groups are valuable for informational and emotional support, and the sharing and perusal of lived experiences; another key benefit for women is feeling belonging to a community. GDM Facebook groups provide women with access to more tailored and readily available support, filling gaps not addressed by healthcare providers. PATIENT CONTRIBUTION: This study was led by a person with lived experience of GDM, and the survey was pilot tested with women who had also experienced GDM, which contributed to its development.
Maternal diabetes increases FOXO1 activation during embryonic cardiac development.; Maternal diabetes is known to affect heart development, inducing the programming of cardiac alterations in the offspring's adult life. Previous studies in the heart of adult offspring have shown increased activation of FOXO1 (a transcription factor involved in a wide variety of cellular functions such as apoptosis, cellular proliferation, reactive oxygen species detoxification, and antioxidant and pro-inflammatory processes) and of target genes related to inflammatory and fibrotic processes. In this work, we aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal diabetes on FOXO1 activation as well as on the expression of target genes relevant to the formation of the cardiovascular system during organogenesis (day 12 of gestation). The embryonic heart from diabetic rats showed increased active FOXO1 levels, reduced protein levels of mTOR (a nutrient sensor regulating cell growth, proliferation and metabolism) and reduced mTORC2-SGK1 pathway, which phosphorylates FOXO1. These alterations were related to increases in the levels of 4-hydroxynonenal (an oxidative stress marker) and increased mRNA levels of inducible nitric oxide synthase, angiopoietin-2 and matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP2) (all FOXO1 target genes relevant for cardiac development). Results also showed increased extracellular and intracellular immunolocalization of MMP2 in the myocardium and its projection into the lumen of the cavity (trabeculations) together with decreased immunostaining of connexin 43, a protein relevant for cardiac function that is target of MMP2. In conclusion, increases in active FOXO1 induced by maternal diabetes initiate early during embryonic heart development and are related to increases in markers of oxidative stress and of proinflammatory cardiac development, as well to an altered expression of proteolytic enzymes that regulate connexin 43. These alterations may lead to an altered programming of cardiovascular development in the embryonic heart of diabetic rats.
Treatment of premature labor in insulin-dependent diabetic women.; This retrospective study was designed to analyze the safety and efficacy of beta-sympathomimetic agents used to treat premature labor in insulin-dependent diabetic women. The study evaluated 12 insulin-dependent diabetic women who experienced 15 pregnancies complicated by premature labor. A group of 30 insulin-dependent diabetic women who delivered at term served as matched controls. Treatment consisted of parenteral and oral administration of beta-sympathomimetic drugs (ritodrine and isoxsuprine). Premature labor was diagnosed, and tocolytic treatment was initiated at a mean gestational age of 31.5 +/- 0.9 weeks. The mean gestational age at the time of delivery was 35.8 +/- 0.5 weeks. Delivery was delayed in the study group by a mean of 30.5 +/- 6.6 days. No fetal or infant deaths occurred in the study group, and there was no difference between the two groups in the incidence of neonatal morbidity. No maternal complications occurred. There were no significant differences in hemoglobin A1 levels between the two groups at any period of gestation. Thus, beta-sympathomimetic drugs may be used safely to treat premature labor in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes, provided they are administered under strictly controlled clinical settings.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension in pregnancy: hemodynamics and diurnal arterial pressure profile.; We characterised the 24-h arterial pressure (AP) profile and the left ventricular (LV) structures and functions in pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Thirty pregnant women after 20 weeks' gestation--(10 normotensive; 10 with PIH; and 10 with GDM)--were investigated haemodynamically using 24-h AP monitoring and Doppler echocardiography for determination of LV structures and functions, both systolic and diastolic. The PIH women had significantly higher AP determinations throughout the 24 h, with no change in the diurnal variation, ie, nocturnal decline and early morning peaks. The LV mass was greater in PIH and GDM than in the normotensive women, despite normal AP in GDM. The increased LV mass in GDM was mainly due to LV dilatation and not to increased thickness of its walls. In PIH, the increase in AP was due to peripheral vasoconstriction, while cardiac output was preserved. The LV systolic functions did not differ among the three groups. However, a slight reduction in the myocardial contractility was found in PIH and GDM. The LV relaxation was significantly impaired in both PIH and GDM. Thus, GDM and PIH, although differing in their 24-h AP profile, are characterised by LV hypertrophy and reduction in diastolic function.
Screening for type 2 diabetes after a diagnosis of gestational diabetes by ethnicity: A retrospective cohort study.; AIMS: To estimate rates and identify determinants of post-partum glucose screening attendance in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Retrospective cohort study using the Clinical Practice Research Datalink linked to Hospital Episode Statistics, to identify women diagnosed with GDM between 01/01/2000 and 05/11/2018. Age adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using multivariable logistic regression models. RESULTS: In 10,868 women with GDM, with an average follow-up of 5.38 years (95% CI 5.31,5.45), there was an average of 3.79 (95% CI 3.70,3.89) screening episodes per individual, with a mean time to first screening test of 1.22 (95% CI 1.18, 1.25) years. South Asian women had a significantly greater likelihood of being screened compared to White women within the first 5 years post-partum, aOR: 1.89 95% CI (1.20,2.98). A low proportion of women received at least one test per year of follow-up (23.87%). Older age at GDM diagnosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, prescribed medication for GDM, and living in England, were all associated with a greater likelihood of being screened. CONCLUSION: While the majority of women with previous GDM receive at least one glucose screening test within the first 5 years post-partum, fewer than a quarter of them receive on average one test per year of follow-up. Developing strategies to motivate more women to attend screening in primary care is essential.
Extracellular Vesicles as an Index for Endothelial Injury and Cardiac Dysfunction in a Rodent Model of GDM.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal cardiovascular complications. It is widely believed that maternal endothelial dysfunction is a critical determinant of these risks, however, connections to maternal cardiac dysfunction and mechanisms of pathogenesis are unclear. Circulating extracellular vesicles (EVs) are emerging biomarkers that may provide insights into the pathogenesis of GDM. We examined the impact of GDM on maternal cardiac and vascular health in a rat model of diet-induced obesity-associated GDM. We observed a >3-fold increase in circulating levels of endothelial EVs (p < 0.01) and von Willebrand factor (p < 0.001) in GDM rats. A significant increase in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) within circulating extracellular vesicles was also observed suggesting possible mitochondrial dysfunction in the vasculature. This was supported by nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide deficiency in aortas of GDM mice. GDM was also associated with cardiac remodeling (increased LV mass) and a marked impairment in maternal diastolic function (increased isovolumetric relaxation time [IVRT], p < 0.01). Finally, we observed a strong positive correlation between endothelial EV levels and IVRT (r = 0.57, p < 0.05). In summary, we observed maternal vascular and cardiac dysfunction in rodent GDM accompanied by increased circulating endothelial EVs and EV-associated mitochondrial DNA. Our study highlights a novel method for assessment of vascular injury in GDM and highlights vascular mitochondrial injury as a possible therapeutic target.
Hyperlipidemia during gestational diabetes and its relation with maternal and offspring complications.; INTRODUCTION: lipid profile suffers adaptive changes during pregnancy due to estrogen stimulation and insulin resistance. Several relations have been suggested between maternal lipid profile, glucose tolerance, endothelial cell dysfunction and long-term cardiovascular risk; the effects of maternal lipid profile metabolism in fetal growth are also inconclusive. Since a regular evaluation and follow-up of lipid profile during pregnancy has not been established yet, we aimed to evaluate the incidence of dyslipidemia in patients with gestational diabetes (GDM) and analyze some putative relations with pregnancy, offspring complications and maternal metabolic syndrome parameters determined three and twelve months after delivery. PATIENTS AND METHODS: two hundred and fifty patients with GDM were included. Full medical history, offspring characteristics, lipid profile and maternal variables of metabolic syndrome were evaluated during pregnancy and three- and twelve-months after delivery. The incidence of dyslipidemia during pregnancy was determined using two different classifications. RESULTS: lower plasma HDL and hypertriglyceridemia were the most current disorders; prematurity or birth weight were not correlated with dyslipidemia. During pregnancy, the lipid-related parameter that better predicted the risk of offspring macrosomia was triglycerides (TG). High TG three months after delivery were correlated to macrosomia and metabolic syndrome variables before and after pregnancy (three and twelve months). CONCLUSIONS: TG during pregnancy is the parameter that best predicts the risk of macrosomia and is related to increased metabolic risk after delivery. The evaluation of lipid profile and other metabolic variables during pregnancy and after delivery is required to early diagnose cardiovascular risk factors, especially in high risk population.
Early Brain Activity in Very Preterm Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Pilot Study.; INTRODUCTION: Neurological consequences of preterm infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are unclear. In this pilot study, we investigated the effect of GDM on brain activity in very preterm infants. METHODS: Preterm infants &lt;32 gestational weeks of mothers with GDM compared to gestational age- and sex-matched controls born between 2011 and 2018 were included. Amplitude-integrated electroencephalography (aEEG) was assessed for total maturation and individual component scores according to Burdjalov and colleagues, the dominating visual background, and the presence of sleep-wake cycles per hour in the first 72 h of life and weekly at days 7, 14, 21, and 28. RESULTS: We included 47 infants of mothers with GDM and 94 control infants. Both the aEEG total maturation score and its individual component scores, as well as the percentage of continuous background pattern, increased equally during the first 4 weeks after birth in both groups. GDM-exposed infants showed a slightly but significantly higher number of sleep-wake cycles per hour. CONCLUSION: We found normal maturation of brain activity in the first 4 weeks after birth in very preterm infants born to mothers with GDM, not differing from a very preterm control group. The higher number of sleep-wake cycles per hour in GDM-exposed infants could indicate transiently enhanced maturation. Further studies on brain activity and brain development in very preterm infants of mothers with GDM are needed to validate our results.
The BLIiNG study - Breastfeeding length and intensity in gestational diabetes and metabolic effects in a subsequent pregnancy: A cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Breastfeeding is protective against the development of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. There are no data regarding the effect of breastfeeding on the development of recurrent gestational diabetes. OBJECTIVE: Investigate the relationship of previous breastfeeding duration and intensity with the recurrence of gestational diabetes, and second pregnancy glucose tolerance test results. METHODS: We conducted a questionnaire-based pilot cohort study, enrolling 210 women during a subsequent second pregnancy, after a gestational diabetes-affected first pregnancy. Models for length and intensity of breastfeeding as predictors of the oral glucose tolerance test and for diagnosis of gestational diabetes in second pregnancy were fitted and then adjusted for possible confounders. RESULTS: Recurrent gestational diabetes rate in the study cohort was 70% (n = 146). In a fully adjusted model high intensity breastfeeding was associated with a lower 2-hour glucose level on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.66 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.15-1.17]; p = 0.01) and breastfeeding greater than six months with a lower 1-hour glucose on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.67 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.16-1.19]; p = 0.01), compared to women who breastfed less intensively or for a shorter duration respectively. There was an 18% reduction in the risk of gestational diabetes if a woman breastfed for more than six months (RR 0.82, 95% CI [0.69-0.98]; p = 0.03). The association was attenuated in the fully adjusted model (RR 0.89, 95% CI [0.78-1.02]; p = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: We found the risk of recurrent gestational diabetes was reduced by both increased duration and intensity of breastfeeding. Antenatal lactation education should be embedded into care pathways for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes.
Survey of glargine use in 115 pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes.; AIM: To examine pregnancy outcome in women with Type 1 diabetes treated with glargine. METHODS: Glargine use in pregnancy was surveyed over 2 years in 20 UK obstetric-diabetes centres. Outcomes, including maternal complications, miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, perinatal morbidity and mortality, were recorded in a standardized format. RESULTS: Outcomes on 109 babies from 115 women with Type 1 diabetes were collected. Insulin glargine was used prior to pregnancy in 69% of women, started during pregnancy in 30%, and stopped at booking in one patient. Insulin aspart was the bolus insulin in 45%, lispro in 42% and human soluble in 8% of women. HbA(1c) fell from 8.1 +/- 0.2% at booking to 6.8 +/- 0.1% during the third trimester. Background retinopathy developed in one patient, worsened in seven and laser photocoagulation was required in three women. Preeclampsia occurred in 12%, and 14% of women had more than one episode of severe hypoglycaemia. One hundred and nine babies were live born, with six miscarriages and no neonatal deaths. The mean gestational age was 37.5 weeks, and mean birth weight was 3500 g. Three babies had congenital abnormalities (malformation rate = 28/1000). Neonatal hypoglycaemia was seen in 46% and hyperbilirubinaemia in 22% of babies. No major adverse outcome was noted in a smaller subset of five Type 2 and seven gestational diabetes patients on glargine. CONCLUSIONS: The use of glargine in Type 1 diabetes during pregnancy was not associated with any unexpected adverse maternal or fetal outcome in this study.
Antepartum fetal surveillance in patients with diabetes: when to start?; OBJECTIVE: Although antepartum fetal well-being testing is an accepted practice in the management of diabetic patients, there are few data suggesting when to start. Our goal was to examine when testing should be started in the pregnant diabetic woman. STUDY DESIGN: Antepartum test results and patient histories were prospectively collected on all diabetic pregnancies from January 1981 through December 1991. The data were retrospectively analyzed for when fetal compromise became evident. Fetal compromise was defined as stillbirth, first positive contraction stress test, or intervention because of an abnormal antepartum fetal test result. RESULTS: Six hundred fourteen patients were enrolled in the study. There were three stillbirths, 45 (7.4%) patients had at least one positive contraction stress test, and 71 (11.6%) patients were delivered because of an abnormal fetal test result. Those with early compromise (< or = 34 weeks' gestation) could not be identified solely by diabetic class. The majority of patients (73%) requiring early intervention because of an abnormal test were class R or F diabetic patients with a growth-retarded fetus or were patients who had a concomitant diagnosis of hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Class R or F diabetic patients or diabetic patients with a growth-retarded fetus or a concomitant diagnosis of hypertension may require testing to be started as early as 26 weeks' gestation. Otherwise, testing may be safely delayed until 32 weeks' gestation.
Pathologic ventricular hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic mothers: a retrospective study.; AIMS: Diabetes in pregnant women is increasing and with that the complications in their offspring. We studied our population of diabetic mothers (2003-2005) for pathologic ventricular hypertrophy (PVH). METHODS AND RESULTS: In our retrospective study of all 87 diabetic pregnancies (92 neonates), 16 were type 1, 17 were type 2, and 54 were gestational diabetes (GD). Haemoglobin glycated (HbA1c) median was 5.8% (5.3-6.5): 17 with HbA1c above normal 2 with congenital heart disease (CHD) and six with PVH. A total of 75 neonates were normal, five had CHD, and 12 had PVH (1/12 died post-natally, 1/12 stillborn, 2/12 required premature delivery, 8/12 normal). The 16 type 1 pregnancies resulted in three neonates with CHD and in 50% PVH, including one death, one premature Cesarean section because of PVH. The 17 neonates of type 2 pregnancies showed in one CHD and in 25% PVH. Of the 54 GD pregnancies, one had CHD and one had PVH. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies of both type 1 and 2 diabetes carry an increased risk for foetal development of PVH compared with those with GD. The insufficient effect of preventive glycaemia controls leads to conclude that although no definite predictive parameters for malignant outcome can be presented, close monitoring of these pregnancies may prevent perinatal catastrophes.
Significance of cell adhesion molecules profile during pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus. A systematic review and meta-analysis.; Endothelial dysfunction has been considered as a key etiological factor contributed to the development of vascular disease in diabetes mellitus. Serum level of endothelial cell adhesion molecules (AMs) were reported to be increased in GDM and pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance when compared with nonpregnant women. The literature provides limited evidence of endothelial dysfunction in GDM with heterogeneous and contradictory results respect to their possible involvement in maternal, perinatal and future complications. Our objective is to evaluate current evidence on the role of AMs in maternal and perinatal complications in women with GDM. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus databases were searched. We evaluated the studies' quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Meta-analyses were conducted, and heterogeneity and publication bias were examined. Nineteen relevant studies were finally included, recruiting 765 GDM and 2368 control pregnant women. AMs levels were generally higher in GDM participants showing statistical significance maternal ICAM-1 levels (SMD = 0.58, 95% CI = 0.25 to 0.91; p = 0.001). Our meta-analysis did not detect significant differences in subgroups or in meta-regression analyses. Future studies are needed to establish the potential role of these biomarkers in GDM and its complications.
Vitamin D rescues dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony forming cells from individuals with gestational diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with long-term cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in offspring. However, the mechanisms are not well understood. We explored whether fetal exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with fetal endothelial progenitor cell dysfunction, and whether vitamin D can reverse the impairment. METHODS: Nineteen women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 18 women with GDM were recruited before delivery. Time to first appearance of endothelial colony forming cell (ECFC) colonies and number of ECFC colonies formed from culture of cord peripheral blood mononuclear cells were determined. Angiogenesis-related functions of ECFCs in vitro were tested in the presence or absence of vitamin D. RESULTS: Fetal ECFCs from GDM pregnancies formed fewer colonies in culture (P = 0.04) and displayed reduced proliferation (P = 0.02), migration (P = 0.04) and tubule formation (P = 0.03) compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Fetal ECFCs exposed to hyperglycemia in vitro exhibited less migration (P < 0.05) and less tubule formation (P < 0.05) than normoglycemic control. Vitamin D significantly improved the dysfunction of fetal ECFCs from pregnancies complicated by GDM or after exposure of healthy ECFCs to hyperglycemia. DISCUSSION: Fetal ECFCs from GDM pregnancies or ECFCs exposed to hyperglycemia in vitro exhibit reduced quantity and impaired angiogenesis-related functions. Vitamin D significantly rescues these functions. These findings may have implications for vascular function of infants exposed to a diabetic intrauterine environment.
Maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for adverse cardiovascular outcome later in life. However, it is uncertain whether this increased risk is due to cardiovascular changes occurring during pregnancy and persisting thereafter or to an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor profile. Some studies have reported that GDM is associated with reduced systolic and diastolic left ventricular function in pregnancy; however, it remains unknown whether these changes persist after delivery. The objective of this study was to compare cardiac function and structure in women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at 35-36 weeks' gestation and about 6 months after delivery. METHODS: This was a longitudinal study in which women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy had detailed cardiovascular assessment at 35-36 weeks' gestation and repeat examination around 6 months after delivery. In all women, left ventricular systolic and diastolic indices were measured and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was calculated. Cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance were also calculated using echocardiography. Linear mixed model analysis accounting for differences in maternal characteristics was carried out to compare findings of cardiovascular function between the GDM group and controls and within each group at 35-36 weeks' gestation and at 6 months after delivery. RESULTS: We studied 73 women with GDM and 73 controls with uncomplicated pregnancy. At 35-36 weeks' gestation, women with GDM, compared to controls, had higher E/e' ratio and lower E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain; there were no significant differences between the groups in ejection fraction. Left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was also increased in women with GDM. There were no significant differences between the groups in cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance. At 6 months after delivery, cardiac functional indices improved in both patients with GDM and controls, but in the GDM group, compared to controls, there was a lower degree of improvement in E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain. CONCLUSION: In the third trimester, patients with GDM have subtle differences in diastolic and systolic left ventricular function compared to controls and, despite improvement after delivery, these changes persist for at least 6 months. Long-term follow-up is therefore needed to assess whether women with GDM are at risk for an accelerated decline in their cardiac function and, if so, whether this trend can be reversed or delayed by optimal cardiovascular risk factor modification. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Changing environment of hyperglycemia in pregnancy: Gestational diabetes and diabetes mellitus in pregnancy.; The diagnosis and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have been in a state of flux since the World Health Organization accepted and endorsed the International Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group's diagnostic pathway and criteria in 2013. These new diagnostic criteria identify an increasing number of women at risk of hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HGiP). Maternal hyperglycemia represents a significant risk to the mother and fetus, in both the short and long term. Controversially, metformin use for the treatment of GDM is increasing in Australia. This article identifies the multiple and varied presentations of HGiP, of which GDM is the most commonly encountered. The degree of maternal hyperglycemia experienced affects the outcomes for both the mother and neonate, and specific diagnosis determines the appropriate treatment for the pregnancy. Given the increasing incidence of women with dysglycemia and those developing HGiP, this is an important area for research and clinical attention for all health professionals.
[Nature and mechanism of hemodynamic changes in fetuses of mothers with various types of diabetes mellitus].; Doppler echocardiography of flow in the fetal aorta and the umbilical artery as well as fetal echocardiography performed in 61 pregnant females with diabetes mellitus revealed central intracardiac hemodynamic alterations as risk factors for the development of "diabetic" heart failure in newborns. Pregnancy--associated diabetes patients and females with diabetes of type I demonstrated a somewhat decrease in the fetal myocardial contractility which was evidently determined by metabolic alterations in the myocardium, macrosomia and disorders in the fetoplacental circulation.
Prevalence estimates of diabetes in pregnancy in a rural, sub-Saharan population.; AIMS: To determine the prevalence of Hyperglycaemia first Detected in Pregnancy (HDIP) in a cohort of women from rural Gambia and compare the diagnostic ability of capillary blood glucose (CBG) sampling to identify HIP versus laboratory-based analysis of venous plasma glucose (VPG). METHODS: Pregnant women from rural Gambia (N = 251) underwent a 75 g Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) at 28-weeks of gestation. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus was assessed as fasting glucose concentration ≥ 5.1-6.9 mmol/L; ≥10.0 mmol/L at 1-h post load; or ≥ 8.5 mmol/L at 2-h post load and Diabetes in Pregnancy as fasting glucose > 7.0 mmol/L. RESULTS: A total of 199 and 244 women had VPG and CBG measurements respectively, and 198 women had both. 32 women (16.1%) were diagnosed with HDIP using VPG, mostly based on fasting concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of HDIP in rural Gambia was higher than anticipated, emphasising a need for maternal diabetic policy. Based on the current findings, tailored recommendations could include measuring fasting VPG alone when conducting a full OGTT is not feasible. Similarly, CBG may be of value for excluding disease and thereby limiting costly laboratory-based investigations to a select few.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Neonatal Myocardial Function.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have impaired myocardial performance and are at risk of pulmonary hypertension. We aimed to assess myocardial deformation and left ventricular (LV) rotational mechanics in this population. METHODS: We studied 40 infants of mothers with GDM and 40 control infants. Three echocardiograms were carried out over the first 3 days after birth. RESULTS: GDM infants had a lower gestation at birth and a thicker septal wall, a higher LV eccentricity index (indicating septal bowing), and a lower PAATi (indicating higher pulmonary vascular resistance) (all p < 0.05). GDM infants had lower LV strain, systolic and early diastolic strain rates, lower right ventricular (RV) strain, and early diastolic strain rates over the study period (all p < 0.05). By day 3, GDM infants had higher twist, torsion, and higher LV twist and untwist rates (all p < 0.05). GDM status was an independent predictor of LV and RV function and pulmonary vascular resistance (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Infants of mothers with GDM demonstrate important changes in myocardial function in addition to pulmonary vascular resistance that do not resolve by hospital discharge. The observed LV twist increase in GDM infants may be a compensatory mechanism for the lower longitudinal function in this cohort.
Gestational Diabetes and Risk Assessment of Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Newborns Early Motoric Development.; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal and fetal perinatal parameters, as well to evaluate the influence of GDM on neonatal early motoric development. Materials and Methods: In this prospective study, we evaluated 203 eligible participants that were admitted to obstetrics department for a labor. GDM was assessed by evaluation of maternal parameters, fetal parameters, as well its impact on infants early motoric development (Alberta Infant Motor Scale-AIMS). Results: Presence of GDM was significantly positively associated with: pre-pregnancy weight, obesity degree, weight at delivery, gestational weight gain (GWG), body mass index (BMI) at delivery, GWG and increased pre-pregnancy BMI, glucose levels in mother's venous blood after the delivery, positive family history for cardiovascular disease, pregnancy-related hypertension, congenital thrombophilia, drug use in pregnancy, large for gestational age (LGA), mode of delivery (Cesarean section and instrumental delivery). Likewise, GDM association was detected for tested ultrasound parameters (biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), femoral length (FL)), length at birth, birth weight, newborn's head circumference, newborn's chest circumference, AIMS supination and pronation at three months, AIMS supination, pronation, sitting and standing at six months. Only Amniotic Fluid Index and AIMS supination at three months of infant's age remained significantly associated in multivariate regression model. Conclusions: The presence of significant positive association of numerous tested parameters in our study on perinatal outcomes and early motoric development, points to the necessity of establishing appropriate clinical decision-making strategies for all pregnant woman at risk and emphasize the importance of providing adequate glycaemia control options and further regular follow ups during the pregnancy.
Remodeling of the cardiovascular circulation in fetuses of mothers with diabetes: A fetal computational model analysis.; AIMS: Myocardial structural and functional abnormalities are known to occur in fetuses of mothers with diabetes mellitus (FMDM). The main aim of this investigation was to explore the cardiovascular circulatory patterns in FMDM using a validated lumped computational model of the cardiovascular system. METHODS: This was a multi-institutional study involving FMDM compared to fetuses of maternal controls (FC). Fetal echocardiographic Doppler data from left and right ventricular outflow tracts, aortic isthmus, middle cerebral and umbilical arteries were fitted into a validated fetal circulation computational model to estimate patient-specific placental and vascular properties. Non-parametric comparisons were made between resistances, compliances and flows in the brain and placenta in FMDM and FC. RESULTS: Data from 23 FMDM and 31 FC were fitted into the model. In FMDM, compared to FC, placental relative resistance was lower (0.59 ± 0.50 versus 0.91 ± 0.41; p < .05) with higher brain relative resistance (2.36 ± 1.65 versus 1.60 ± 0.85; p < .05). Middle cerebral artery flow was lower in FMDM than FC (0.12 ± 0.14 vs. 0.27 ± 0.21 ml/min; p 0.04) with a lower cerebral-placental flow ratio. Combined stroke volume was lower in FMDM (3.65 ± 2.05 ml) than FC (4.97 ± 2.45 ml) (p 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Blood flow is redistributed in FMDM to the placenta, away from the brain. This alteration may play a role in the postnatal health of these fetuses.
Aortic Intima-Media Thickness is Increased in Neonates of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Role of Thioredoxin-Interacting Protein as a Marker of Oxidative Stress.; BACKGROUND: Offspring exposed in foetal life to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for future metabolic diseases. OBJECTIVE: To explore the prognostic role of abdominal aorta intima-media thickness (aIMT) in neonates exposed to GDM as a possible biomarker for later atherogenesis and its possible correlation with thioredoxin- interacting protein (TXNIP), a protein involved in oxidative stress. METHODS: In this prospective, observational study, mother-infant pairs were studied in 2 groups (57 patients with GDM and 51 controls without GDM). TXNIP levels were measured in the placenta, as well as in the umbilical and neonatal blood. The data were correlated with aIMT in neonates. RESULTS: aIMT was increased in GDM offspring (patients: median [range]=0.39 mm [0.31-0.46] vs controls: median=0.28 mm [0.23-0.33]; p=0.001) and remained significant after adjusting for possible confounders (e.g., triglycerides, blood pressure, vitamin D, birth weight and gender; β coefficient=0.131 p=0.049). TXNIP levels were increased in trophoblasts (p=0.001) and syncytiotrophoblasts (p=0.001) and were decreased in endothelial cells (p=0.022) in GDM offspring vs controls. Moreover, TXNIP levels in trophoblasts positively correlated with aIMT (r=0.369; p=0.001). TXNIP levels in umbilical/ neonatal blood were not associated with GDM. CONCLUSION: Increased aIMT was demonstrated in the offspring of mothers with GDM. Non-invasive measurement of aIMT could be used as a biomarker to identify children at increased risk for atherogenesis later in life. This information may encourage early preventive measures. TXNIP may be associated with GDM and/or aIMT.
Adverse metabolic outcomes in the early and late postpartum after gestational diabetes are broader than glucose control.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased cardiovascular risk. To better target preventive measures, we performed an in-depth characterization of cardiometabolic risk factors in a cohort of women with gestational diabetes in the early (6-8 weeks) and late (1 year) postpartum. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Prospective cohort of 622 women followed in a university gestational diabetes clinic between 2011 and 2017. 162 patients who attended the late postpartum visit were analyzed in a nested long-term cohort starting in 2015. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) was based on the International Diabetes Federation definition, and then having at least two additional criteria of the MetS (blood pressure, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, plasma glucose above or below the International Diabetes Federation cut-offs). RESULTS: Compared with prepregnancy, weight retention was 4.8±6.0 kg in the early postpartum, and the prevalence of obesity, pre-diabetes, MetS-body mass index (BMI) and MetS-waist circumference (WC) were 28.8%, 28.9%, 10.3% and 23.8%, respectively. Compared with the early postpartum, weight did not change and waist circumference decreased by 2.6±0.6 cm in the late postpartum. However, the prevalence of obesity, pre-diabetes, MetS-WC and MetS-BMI increased (relative increase: 11% for obesity, 82% for pre-diabetes, 50% for MetS-WC, 100% for MetS-BMI; all p≤0.001).Predictors for obesity were the use of glucose-lowering treatment during pregnancy and the prepregnancy BMI. Predictors for pre-diabetes were the early postpartum fasting glucose value and family history of diabetes. Finally, systolic blood pressure in pregnancy and in the early postpartum, the 2-hour post oral glucose tolerance test glycemia and the HDL-cholesterol predicted the development of MetS (all p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of metabolic complications increased in the late postpartum, mainly due to an increase in fasting glucose and obesity, although weight did not change. We identified predictors of late postpartum obesity, pre-diabetes and MetS that could lead to high-risk identification and targeted preventions.
The therapeutic effects of attending a one-day outpatient service on patients with gestational diabetes and different pre-pregnancy body mass indices.; PURPOSE: This study investigated the effects of attending a one-day outpatient service on the outcomes of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and different pre-pregnancy body mass indices (BMIs). METHODS: The study recruited 311 pregnant women with GDM into a one-day outpatient service at The Fourth Hospital of Shijiazhuang from September 2019 to December 2021. They were randomly assigned to three groups, based on their pre-pregnancy BMI as follows: group A, BMI < 18.5 kg/m(2); group B, 18.5 ≥ BMI > 25.0 kg/m(2); group C, BMI ≥25 kg/m(2). The following information was collected from all the participants: fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1C), insulin dose, gestational weight gain, weight gain after the one-day outpatient service, and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: The three groups showed significant differences in fasting blood glucose and HbA1C, insulin treatment rate, and the incidence of pregnancy hypertension/preeclampsia and neonatal jaundice (all P < 0.05). The rate of excessive gestational weight gain in all of the groups also reflected significant differences (P < 0.05). Group A showed the lowest weight gain, while group C gained the most weight. There is no significant difference in the incidences of hypertension/preeclampsia, neonatal jaundice, or premature birth between patients with weight loss/no weight gain and those with positive weight gain. CONCLUSION: One-day diabetes outpatient integrated management may effectively help to manage weight gain and blood glucose in patients with GDM and different pre-pregnancy BMIs. Dietary control after a GDM diagnosis may have helped to avoid weight gain entirely, as well as negative weight gain, but did not increase the risk of maternal and infant-related complications.
The graded relationship between glucose tolerance status in pregnancy and postpartum levels of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B in young women: implications for future cardiovascular risk.; CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of future cardiovascular disease, although the mediators of this risk are unknown. Because lipid factors can contribute to cardiovascular risk, we sought to characterize the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and lipid profile in pregnancy and the postpartum. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Fasting lipids were measured in 482 women in pregnancy and at 3 months postpartum. Antepartum glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) defined four gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 136), GIGT (n = 89), abnormal GCT with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on OGTT (abnormal GCT NGT) (n = 170), and normal GCT with NGT on OGTT (normal GCT NGT) (n = 87). RESULTS: In pregnancy, there were no significant differences between the groups in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio, apolipoprotein B (apoB), apolipoprotein A1 (apoA1), and apoB to apoA1 ratio. At 3 months postpartum, however, each of the following lipid parameters progressively increased from normal GCT NGT to abnormal GCT NGT to GIGT to GDM: total cholesterol (P = 0.0047), LDL (P = 0.0002), triglycerides (P = 0.0002), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (P < 0.0001), apoB (P = 0.0003), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (P = 0.0014). Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analyses, GDM emerged as an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol (t = 3.09, P = 0.0021), LDL (t = 3.81, P = 0.0002), triglycerides (t = 3.38, P = 0.0008), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 3.76,P = 0.0002), apoB (t = 4.12, P < 0.0001), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 3.07, P = 0.0023). GIGT was an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 2.27, P = 0.0239), apoB (t = 2.04, P = 0.0416), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 1.97, P = 0.049). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with their peers, women with GDM and GIGT have a more atherogenic lipid profile by 3 months postpartum, characterized by increased LDL and apoB.
Is there an association between family history of diabetes mellitus and long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of offspring?; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was previously found to be an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity of parturients and their offspring. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between family history of diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-diabetic mothers and long-term pediatric cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring. STUDY DESIGN: In a hospital-based cohort study, the incidence of cardiovascular disorders was compared between offspring of non-diabetic mothers with and without a family history of DM. Cardiovascular hospitalizations were assessed up until 18years of age according to a predefined set of ICD-9 codes associated with hospitalization of offspring. Exclusion criteria included multiple gestations, mothers with pre-gestational or gestational diabetes, lack of prenatal care, and children with congenital malformations and chromosomal abnormalities. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative hospitalizations incidence. A cox proportional hazards model was performed to control for confounders. RESULTS: A total of 208,728 deliveries were included in the study. Of them, 17,040 (8.2%) offspring were born to non-diabetic mothers with a family history of DM. Significant differences in the rates of IVF, induction of labor, obesity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, smoking and birth weight were found between the two study groups. Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the study groups (0.6% vs. 0.7%, p=0.416). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve exhibited no difference in the cumulative incidence of total cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring (log-rank test, p=0.271). A Cox regression model found that a family history of DM in non-diabetic mothers was not independently associated with long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring after controlling for the following confounders: maternal age, birth weight, caesarian section and maternal hypertensive disorders (aHR=1.130, 95% CI 0.930-1.374, p=0.220). CONCLUSION: A family history of DM in non-diabetic parturients, does not increase the risk for cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring.
Adrenal vein thromboses in an infant of diabetic mother.; Maternal diabetes is common condition complicating pregnancy and may have serious consequences for the offspring. We report on an infant of a mother with multisubstance abuse and poorly controlled type I diabetes with complications that include multifocal fetal myocardial infarcts, macrosomia, hypoxic encephalopathy and islet cell hyperplasia, and bilateral adrenal vein thromboses with necrosis, a relatively rare complication of maternal diabetes.
Is a history of gestational diabetes related to risk factors for coronary heart disease?; Coronary heart disease (CHD) risk in 20 non-diabetic women with and 20 without a distant history of gestational diabetes (hGDM), matched on age, body mass index, and time since GDM-affected pregnancy, was compared in a case control study. Women with an hGDM had lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), p = .02, and higher triglycerides, p < or = .001, versus controls. The combination of high triglycerides and low HDL-c occurred in 25% of hGDM cases versus 0% of controls, p </= .01. Two-hour post-load glucose indicated that 45% of hGDM cases were pre-diabetic versus 20% of controls, p < or = .05. Non-diabetic women with a distant hGDM are at increased risk for DM and may be at increased risk for CHD.
Diabetes-induced effects on cardiomyocytes in chick embryonic heart micromass and mouse embryonic D3 differentiated stem cells.; Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy is a considerable medical challenge, since it is related to ‎augmented morbidity and mortality concerns for both the fetus ‎and the pregnant woman. Records show that the etiology of diabetic ‎embryopathy is complicated, as many teratological factors might be involved ‎in the mechanisms of diabetes mellitus-induced congenital malformation. ‎In this study, the potential cardiotoxic effect of hyperglycemia with hyperketonemia was investigated by using two in vitro models; primary chick embryonic cardiomyocytes and stem cell derived cardiomyocytes, where adverse effects were recorded in both systems. The cells were evaluated by changes in beating activity, cell activity, protein content, ROS production, DNA damage and differentiating stem cell migration. The diabetic formulae used produced an increase in DNA damage and a decline in cell migration in mouse embryonic stem cells. These results provide an additional insight into adverse effects during gestational diabetes mellitus and a recommendation for expectant mothers and maternity staff to monitor glycaemic levels months ahead of conception. This study also supports the recommendation of using antioxidants during pregnancy to prevent DNA damage by the production of ROS, which might result in heart defects as well as other developmental anomalies.
Association of Parity with the Risks of Gestational Diabetes and Macrosomia: A Retrospective Cohort Study in Nanjing, China.; BACKGROUND: After implementing the two-child policy, more Chinese women who had a previous delivery had their second child. Nevertheless, the impacts of parity on Gestational Diabetes (GDM) and macrosomia have not been fully confirmed. Therefore, we aimed to analyse the characteristics of pregnancy by parity and evaluate the association of parity with risks of GDM/macrosomia in a Chinese population. METHODS: A total of 193,410 pregnant women (including 148,293 primiparae and 45,117 multiparae) with complete information were included. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to examine the association between parity and risks of GDM/macrosomia. RESULTS: With the gradual implementation of the two-child policy, the proportion of multiparae increased rapidly and then decreased slightly. Multiparae were more likely to be older and have higher intrapartum BMI, as compared to primiparae (P < 0.001). Univariate regression analyses suggested that parity could increase the risks of GDM and macrosomia; while after adjustment, the association between parity and GDM risk disappeared, and the effects of parity on macrosomia risk and birth weight of babies were also weakened. Further, stratified analysis showed that parity only increased the risk of GDM in women over 30 years, and the effects of parity on macrosomia risk and birth weight were more pronounced among women over 30 years compared to women under 30 years. CONCLUSION: Parity was not associated with GDM risk, but mildly associated with macrosomia risk. Particular attention should be paid to multiparae with advanced age to reduce the risks of GDM and macrosomia.
Hospital of Delivery and the Racial Differences in Late Preterm and Early-Term Labor Induction.; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the interhospital differences in induction of labor (IOL) from 34(0/7) to 38(6/7) weeks' gestation by race/ethnicity. METHODS: Women between 34 and 42 weeks' gestation during 1995 and 2009 in three states were identified using linked maternal and infant records. Women with prior cesarean delivery, premature rupture of membranes, gestational hypertension, who delivered at hospitals with < 100 annual births, or who had missing data were excluded. The outcomes were inductions at early-term (ETI: between 37(0/7) and 38(6/7) weeks') and late preterm (LPI: from 34(0/7)-36(6/7) weeks') gestations. Cox proportional hazard ratios (HR) were used to estimate the independent associations between race/ethnicity and hospital of delivery on ETI and LPI. RESULTS: A total of 6.98 million eligible women delivered at 469 hospitals. ETI and LPI occurred in 3.20 and 0.40% of women, respectively. Non-Hispanic white women (3.99%) received ETI most commonly; conversely, LPI was highest among non-Hispanic black women (0.50%). In multivariable analyses, non-Hispanic black race was protective for ETI (HR = 0.89; p < 0.01) and was a risk factor for LPI (HR = 1.26; p < 0.01) after adjusting for patient factors and the delivery hospital. CONCLUSION: Racial differences in ETI and LPI appear to be pervasive. Much of the unaccounted racial/ethnic variation remains seems secondary to within-hospital differences in selecting women for IOL.
Genetics and diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus.; Most of the central diabetes insipidus cases seen in general practice are acquired but the rare cases of hereditary autosomal dominant or recessive neurohypophyseal diabetes insipidus have provided further cellular understanding of the mechanisms responsible for pre-hormone folding, maturation and release. Autosomal dominant central diabetes insipidus is secondary to the toxic accumulation of vasopressin mutants as fibrillar aggregates in the endoplasmic reticulum of hypothalamic magnocellular neurons producing vasopressin. As well, Trpv1(-/-) and Trpv4(-/-) mice have shed new light on the perception of tonicity through the stretch receptors TRPVs expressed both in central and peripheral neurons. The genomic information provided by sequencing the AVP gene is key to the routine care of these patients and, as in other genetic diseases, reduces health costs and provides psychological benefits to patients and families. In addition, simple, inexpensive blood and urine measurements together with clinical characteristics and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) could distinguish between central, nephrogenic and polydipsic cases.
Hypertension Risk Subsequent to Gestational Dysglycemia Is Modified by Race/Ethnicity.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Additionally, gestational dysglycemia has been associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus but not yet associated with hypertension subsequent to pregnancy in long-term follow-up. Therefore, we set out to examine this relationship as well as the role of race/ethnicity in modifying this relationship. We analyzed a prospective observational cohort followed between 1998 and 2007. There were 17 655 women with self-reported race/ethnicity and full-term, live births. A 1-hour 50 g oral glucose-load test and a 3-hour 100 g oral glucose-tolerance test enabled third trimester stratification of women into 1 of 4 glucose-tolerance groups: (1) normal (n=15 056); (2) abnormal glucose-load test (n=1558); (3) abnormal glucose-load and -tolerance tests (n=520); and (4) gestational diabetes mellitus (n=521). Women were then followed for a mean±standard deviation of 4.1±2.9 years after delivery for the development of hypertension. Although gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with an increased risk of hypertension after pregnancy (odds ratio [95% confidence interval]: 1.58 [1.02, 2.45]; P=0.04), dysglycemia defined by an abnormal glucose-load test predicted hypertension only among black women (4.52 [1.24, 16.52]; P=0.02). The risk of hypertension after pregnancy among dysglycemia groups not meeting criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus varied based on the race/ethnicity of the population. Further research on the implications of the intersection of race/ethnicity and gestational dysglycemia on subsequent hypertension is warranted.
Association between Body Mass Index and Gestational Weight Gain with Obstetric and Neonatal Complications in Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes is a condition that predisposes to complications during pregnancy and to the newborn. The aim of this study was to assess the association between body mass index and gestational weight gain and obstetric and neonatal complications in pregnant women with gestational diabetes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective cohort study involving 13 467 singleton pregnancies with gestational diabetes, diagnosed between 2014 and 2018, in Portugal. This sample was distributed according to the World Health Organization body mass index categories (underweight, normal, overweight, or obese) and according to the Institute of Medicine guidelines for gestational weight gain groups (adequate, insufficient, or excessive). Binomial and multinomial logistic regression models were applied to determine risk factors for complications in pregnant women with gestational diabetes. Data analysis was performed with SPSS version 25. RESULTS: Pregestational overweight and obesity were associated with an increased risk of maternal morbidity (aOR: 1.31; aOR: 2.42), gestational hypertension (aOR: 1.56; aOR: 2.79) and caesarean section (aOR: 1.22; aOR: 1.77) whilst reducing the risk for small for gestational age [aOR: 0.73; aOR: 0.64 (Fenton chart); aOR: 0.69; aOR: 0.66 (Portuguese chart)]. Obesity alone was associated with increased preeclampsia events (aOR: 3.05), respiratory distress syndrome (aOR: 1.69), admission to neonatal intensive care unit (aOR: 1.54), macrosomia (aOR: 2.18), and large for gestational age [aOR: 2.03 (Fenton); aOR: 1.87 (Portuguese)] and decreased risk of low birthweight newborns (aOR: 0.62). Insufficient gestational weight gain was associated with a decreased risk of gestational hypertension (aOR: 0.69), preeclampsia (aOR: 0.44), Caesarean section (aOR: 0.81) and large for gestational age [aOR: 0.74 (Portuguese)] and increased risk of low birthweight (aOR: 1.36) and small for gestational age [aOR: 1.40 (Fenton)]. Excessive gestational weight gain was associated with increased risk of gestational hypertension (aOR: 1.53), hydramnios (aOR: 2.05), macrosomia (aOR: 2.02), and large for gestational age [aOR: 1.94 (Fenton); aOR: 1.92 (Portuguese)]. CONCLUSION: Pregestational overweight and obesity, as well as excessive weight gain are associated with an increased risk of certain obstetric and neonatal complications. It is essential to have an appropriate pre- onceptional surveillance and a close follow-up during pregnancy in order to reduce the associated risks and the probable predisposition of these newborns to severe outcomes.
Thiamine supplementation to prevent induction of low birth weight by conventional therapy for gestational diabetes mellitus.; Conventional treatment for gestational diabetes mellitus increases the proportion of infants born with a low birth weight, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus in later life. Thiamine supplementation during pregnancy may be shown to be a safe preventive measure. During pregnancy, approximately 50% of the women develop a biochemical thiamine deficiency, whereas the thiamine status falls, but remains within normal limits, in most other women. Thiamine is essential for glucose oxidation, insulin production by pancreatic beta-cells and cell growth. It is therefore likely that thiamine supplementation in pregnant women not only improves their glucose tolerance but also stimulates the intra-uterine growth, thereby preventing a low birth weight to ensue from conventional therapy which only improves glucose tolerance.
Genetic and inflammatory factors underlying gestational diabetes mellitus: a review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a significant global health concern, impacting both maternal and fetal well-being. Early detection and treatment are imperative to mitigate adverse outcomes during pregnancy. This review delves into the pivotal role of insulin function and the influence of genetic variants, including SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, and GCK, in GDM development. These genetic variations affect beta-cell function and insulin activity in crucial tissues, such as muscle, disrupting glucose regulation during pregnancy. We propose a hypothesis that this variation may disrupt zinc transport, consequently impairing insulin production and secretion, thereby contributing to GDM onset. Furthermore, we discussed the involvement of inflammatory pathways, such as TNF-alpha and IL-6, in predisposing individuals to GDM. Genetic modulation of these pathways may exacerbate glucose metabolism dysregulation observed in GDM patients. We also discussed how GDM affects cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a direct correlation between pregnancy and cardiometabolic function, increasing atherosclerosis, decreased vascular function, dyslipidemia, and hypertension in women with GDM history. However, further research is imperative to unravel the intricate interplay between inflammatory pathways, genetics, and GDM. This understanding is pivotal for devising targeted gene therapies and pharmacological interventions to rectify genetic variations in SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, GCK, and other pertinent genes. Ultimately, this review offers insights into the pathophysiological mechanisms of GDM, providing a foundation for developing strategies to mitigate its impact.
Association between maternal epicardial adipose tissue, gestational diabetes mellitus, and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Several small studies have evaluated the association between epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) and pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or hypertensive disorders. The objective of this study was to quantitatively compare EAT thickening between patients with GDM or pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders and healthy controls. This systematic review and meta-analysis were performed according to PRISMA guidelines. A literature search was performed to detect studies that have quantified EAT in women with GDM and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders compared to a control group. The primary outcome was EAT thickening estimated by ultrasound expressed in millimeters. Random or fixed effects models were used. Nine observational studies including 3146 patients were identified and considered eligible for this systematic review. The quantitative analysis showed that patients with GDM have a higher EAT thickness (mean difference: 1.1 mm [95% confidence interval: 1.0-1.2]; I(2) = 24%) compared to the control group. Moreover, patients with pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders showed higher EAT thickness (mean difference: 1.0 mm [95% confidence interval: 0.6-1.4]; I(2) = 83%) compared to the control group. In conclusion, this study demonstrated that EAT thickening is increased in patients with GDM and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders compared with healthy controls. Whether or not this association is causal should be evaluated in prospective studies.
Association of congenital heart defects (CHD) with factors related to maternal health and pregnancy in newborns in Puerto Rico.; BACKGROUND: Given the pervasive issues of obesity and diabetes both in Puerto Rico and the broader United States, there is a compelling need to investigate the intricate interplay among BMI, pregestational, and gestational maternal diabetes, and their potential impact on the occurrence of congenital heart defects (CHD) during neonatal development. METHODS: Using the comprehensive System of Vigilance and Surveillance of Congenital Defects in Puerto Rico, we conducted a focused analysis on neonates diagnosed with CHD between 2016 and 2020. Our assessment encompassed a range of variables, including maternal age, gestational age, BMI, pregestational diabetes, gestational diabetes, hypertension, history of abortion, and presence of preeclampsia. RESULTS: A cohort of 673 patients was included in our study. The average maternal age was 26 years, within a range of 22 to 32 years. The mean gestational age measured 39 weeks, with a median span of 38 to 39 weeks. Of the 673 patients, 274 (41%) mothers gave birth to neonates diagnosed with CHD. Within this group, 22 cases were linked to pre-gestational diabetes, while 202 were not; 20 instances were associated with gestational diabetes, compared to 200 without; and 148 cases exhibited an overweight or obese BMI, whereas 126 displayed a normal BMI. CONCLUSION: We identified a statistically significant correlation between pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and the occurrence of CHD. However, our analysis did not show a statistically significant association between maternal BMI and the likelihood of CHD. These results may aid in developing effective strategies to prevent and manage CHD in neonates.
Pregnancy and post-partum muscle and cerebral oxygenation during intermittent exercise in gestational diabetes: A pilot study.; OBJECTIVE: This pilot, prospective, observational, cohort study aimed to examine, for the first time, the in vivo alterations in the oxygenation of the forearm skeletal muscles and the prefrontal lobes during intermittent exercise in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), during and after pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Nine pregnant women, diagnosed with GDM, performed a 3-min intermittent handgrip exercise protocol (at 35% of Maximal Voluntary Contraction) during pregnancy (mean 27th gestational week) and following labor (mean 71 weeks). During the protocol, muscle and cerebral oxygenation were assessed with near-infrared spectroscopy. Resting vascular parameters [carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) and hemodynamic parameters (using rheocardiography)], and hematological/biochemical parameters during pregnancy and after delivery have been compared. RESULTS: Although changes were observed in certain hematological parameters (p< 0.05), cIMT and hemodynamic parameters were not altered post-partum. In addition, both muscle and cerebral oxygenation parameters during handgrip were not significantly altered post-partum. CONCLUSIONS: Despite significant changes in specific hematological parameters in women with GDM, impairments in muscle and cerebral oxygenation during exercise remained at one year after labor. These results indicate that alterations in vascular parameters and muscle/cerebral oxygenation associated with GDM do not entirely reverse post-partum. Future studies are needed to examine which interventions will lead to improvements in microvascular parameters and prevent type 2 diabetes.
Pregnancy-induced increase in circulating IGF-I is associated with progression of diabetic retinopathy in women with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the influence of Insulin-like Growth factor-I (IGF-I) and Placental Growth Hormone (GH) on progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes. DESIGN: Observational study of 88 consecutive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes for median 16.5 years (range 1-36) and HbA(1c) 6.6% (5.2-10.5) in early pregnancy. At 8, 14, 21, 27 and 33 weeks blood samples were drawn for measurement of IGF-I, placental GH and Hemoglobin A(1c) (HbA(1c)) and blood pressure was recorded. Fundus photography was performed at 8 and 27 weeks. Diabetic retinopathy was classified in five stages. Progression was defined as deterioration of at least one stage of diabetic retinopathy and/or development of macular edema on at least one eye. RESULTS: Placental GH and IGF-I levels increased throughout pregnancy and new onset or progression of diabetic retinopathy occurred in 22 (25%). A steeper increase in women with progression of diabetic retinopathy resulted in higher IGF-I levels at 27 weeks (p=0.01) and 16% higher IGF-I levels throughout pregnancy (p=0.02) compared with women without progression while similar levels of placental GH (p=0.58) and HbA(1c) (p=0.85) were observed throughout pregnancy. In a multivariate logistic regression analysis, progression of diabetic retinopathy was associated with higher IGF-I levels at 33 weeks (odds ratio 2.0 [95% confidence interval 1.1-3.6], p=0.02) and higher systolic blood pressure at 8 weeks (1.9 [1.1-3.2], p=0.02) independent of placental GH and HbA(1c) levels. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy-induced increase in IGF-I levels is associated with progression of diabetic retinopathy in women with type 1 diabetes.
Pregnancy associated complications of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.; This study was conducted in Mymensingh Medical College and Hospital, Mymensingh. It lasted for one year commencing in July 2003, and was designed to find out and compare the outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with a view to reducing the complications. Forty cases of GDM with single pregnancy were selected as experimental group, while forty other cases of pregnant women without GDM constituted the control group. Questionnaire and observation chart were the research instrument in this study. Statistical analyses were done manually. It was found that the GDM mothers had a higher risk of complications like pre-eclampsia, hypertension, urinary tract infection and cesarean delivery. On the basis of these findings, however, appropriate measures for prevention, treatment and management of GDM may be adopted for better pregnancy outcomes.
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with several maternal complications in pregnancy, including preeclampsia, preterm labor, need for induction of labor, and cesarean delivery as well as increased long-term risks of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM raises the risk for complications in offspring as well, including stillbirth, macrosomia, and birth trauma, and long-term risk of metabolic disease. One of the strongest risk factors for GDM is the occurrence of GDM in a prior pregnancy. Preliminary data from epidemiologic and bariatric surgery studies suggest that reducing body weight before pregnancy can prevent the development of GDM, but no adequately powered trial has tested the effects of a maternal lifestyle intervention before pregnancy to reduce body weight and prevent GDM recurrence. METHODS: The principal aim of the Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is to determine whether a lifestyle intervention to reduce body weight before pregnancy can reduce GDM recurrence. This two-site trial targets recruitment of 252 women with overweight and obesity who have previous histories of GDM and who plan to have another pregnancy in the next 1-3 years. Women are randomized within site to a comprehensive pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to promote weight loss with ongoing treatment until conception or an educational control group. Participants are assessed preconceptionally (at study entry, after 4 months, and at brief quarterly visits until conception), during pregnancy (at 26 weeks' gestation), and at 6 weeks postpartum. The primary outcome is GDM recurrence, and secondary outcomes include fasting glucose, biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease, prenatal and perinatal complications, and changes over time in weight, diet, physical activity, and psychosocial measures. DISCUSSION: The Gestational Diabetes Prevention /Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is the first randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of a lifestyle intervention delivered before pregnancy to prevent GDM recurrence. If found effective, the proposed lifestyle intervention could lay the groundwork for shifting current treatment practices towards the interconception period and provide evidence-based preconception counseling to optimize reproductive outcomes and prevent GDM and associated health risks. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02763150 . Registered on May 5, 2016.
Ambulatory glucose profile: representation of verified self-monitored blood glucose data.; Sixty-nine individuals with diabetes (23 with type I, 15 with pregestational, and 31 with gestational) used specially modified reflectance meters containing memory chips enabling the instruments to store 440 individual blood glucose values with corresponding time and date. These data were organized into 14-day periods and then collapsed into a graphic depiction, the Ambulatory Glucose Profile (AGP), which was represented as the pattern of the 25th, 50th, and 75th percentiles of blood glucose values. These three curves illustrate the median level of control and provide an index of variability in control at each hour of a "typical day." We observed distinctive AGPs related to the variability in metabolic control and the type of diabetes. Comparisons between diagnostic groups showed consistent differences between groups, independent of level of glycemic control. Review of serial AGPs obtained for sequential 2-wk periods for 23 non-pregnant individuals with type I diabetes and 10 women with gestational diabetes revealed changes in AGP corresponding to alterations in regimen. The AGP provides a new approach to the evaluation of glycemic control, with applications to patient and physician education, clinical investigation, and individual patient care.
Use of capillary blood glucose for screening for gestational diabetes mellitus in resource-constrained settings.; AIMS: The aim of the study was to evaluate usefulness of capillary blood glucose (CBG) for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in resource-constrained settings where venous plasma glucose (VPG) estimations may be impossible. METHODS: Consecutive pregnant women (n = 1031) attending antenatal clinics in southern India underwent 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Fasting, 1- and 2-h VPG (AU2700 Beckman, Fullerton, CA) and CBG (One Touch Ultra-II, LifeScan) were simultaneously measured. Sensitivity and specificity were estimated for different CBG cut points using the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria for the diagnosis of GDM as gold standard. Bland-Altman plots were drawn to look at the agreement between CBG and VPG. Correlation and regression equation analysis were also derived for CBG values. RESULTS: Pearson's correlation between VPG and CBG for fasting was r = 0.433 [intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) = 0.596, p < 0.001], for 1H, it was r = 0.653 (ICC = 0.776, p < 0.001), and for 2H, r = 0.784 (ICC = 0.834, p < 0.001). Comparing a single CBG 2-h cut point of 140 mg/dl (7.8 mmol/l) with the IADPSG criteria, the sensitivity and specificity were 62.3 and 80.7 %, respectively. If CBG cut points of 120 mg/dl (6.6 mmol/l) or 110 mg/dl (6.1 mmol/l) were used, the sensitivity improves to 78.3 and 92.5 %, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In settings where VPG estimations are not possible, CBG can be used as an initial screening test for GDM, using lower 2H CBG cut points to maximize the sensitivity. Those who screen positive can be referred to higher centers for definitive testing, using VPG.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Renal Function: A Prospective Study With 9- to 16-Year Follow-up After Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), independent of subsequent diabetes, is an early risk factor for renal impairment long term after the index pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) study (2012-2016), we examined the independent and joint associations of GDM and subsequent diabetes with long-term renal function among 607 women with and 619 women without GDM in the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC) index pregnancy (1996-2002). At median follow-up of 13 years after the index pregnancy, serum creatinine (mg/dL) and urinary albumin (mg/L) and creatinine (mg/dL) were measured, from which estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) (mL/min/1.73 m(2)) and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR) (mg/g) were derived. RESULTS: Compared with women without GDM or subsequent diabetes, women with a GDM history had significantly higher eGFR even if they had not subsequently developed diabetes (adjusted β-coefficient [95% CI] = 3.3 [1.7, 5.0]). Women who had a GDM history and later developed diabetes (n = 183) also had significantly higher UACR [exponent β = 1.3 [95% CI 1.1, 1.6]) and an increased risk of elevated UACR (≥20 mg/g) [adjusted relative risk [95% CI] = 2.3 [1.1, 5.9]) compared with women with neither. After adjusting for potential confounders including prepregnancy BMI and hypertension, GDM without subsequent diabetes was not related to UACR. CONCLUSIONS: Women who develop GDM in pregnancy were more likely to show increased eGFR levels 9-16 years postpartum, which could indicate early stages of glomerular hyperfiltration and renal damage. However, only those who subsequently developed diabetes showed overt renal damage as evidenced by elevated UACR.
Imbalance of the autonomic nervous system at night in women with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Autonomic nervous system dysfunction is observed in Type 2 diabetes. As gestational diabetes is a potent risk factor of later Type 2 diabetes, we set out to determine whether autonomic nervous system imbalance could already be observed in women with this condition. Because activity of the sympathetic nervous system tends to be relatively stable in the nocturnal hours, we performed the study at night. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 41 women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant controls and 14 non-pregnant controls. We assayed plasma noradrenaline at 24.00, 04.00 and 07.00 h and performed an overnight Holter recording for heart rate variability analysis. In addition, we assayed plasma adrenomedullin, a cardiovascular protective hormone. RESULTS: Compared with non-pregnant controls, plasma noradrenaline levels were increased at 04.00 and 07.00 h in the gestational diabetic (P = 0.003) and pregnant control (P = 0.002) groups, with no difference between them. Heart rate variability, very-low-frequency and low-frequency power were lower in pregnant groups compared to the non-pregnant controls. Heart rate variability remained unchanged between specified sampling times in the gestational diabetic group, in contrast to fluctuation seen in the control groups. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes, compared with normal pregnancy, seems not to be a state of overall sympathetic nervous system activation. At the heart level, however, an inhibitory effect on autonomic nervous system modulation was seen. Plasma noradrenaline and heart rate variability correlated well, supporting the use of this function in future studies of overall sympathetic activity during pregnancy.
Diabetes and pregnancy: national trends over a 15 year period.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We aimed to examine time trends in national perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by pre-existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes. METHODS: We analysed episode-level data on all obstetric inpatient delivery events (live or stillbirth) between 1 April 1998 and 31 March 2013 (n = 813,921) using the Scottish Morbidity Record (SMR02). Pregnancies to mothers with type 1 (n = 3229) and type 2 (n = 1452) diabetes were identified from the national diabetes database (Scottish Care Information-Diabetes), and perinatal outcomes were compared among women with type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes and those without diabetes. RESULTS: The number of pregnancies complicated by diabetes increased significantly, by 44% in type 1 diabetes and 90% in type 2 diabetes, across the 15 years examined, to rates of 1 in 210 and 1 in 504 deliveries, respectively. Compared with women without diabetes, delivery occurred 2.6 weeks earlier (type 1 diabetes 36.7 ± 2.3 weeks) and 2 weeks earlier (type 2 diabetes 37.3 ± 2.4 weeks), respectively, showing significant reductions for both type 1 (from 36.7 weeks to 36.4 weeks, p = 0.03) and type 2 (from 38.0 weeks to 37.2 weeks, p < 0.001) diabetes across the time period. The proportions of preterm delivery were markedly increased in women with diabetes (35.3% type 1 diabetes, 21.8% type 2 diabetes, 6.1% without diabetes; p < 0.0001), and these proportions increased with time for both groups (p < 0.005). Proportions of elective Caesarean sections (29.4% type 1 diabetes, 30.5% type 2 diabetes, 9.6% without diabetes) and emergency Caesarean sections (38.3% type 1 diabetes, 29.1% type 2 diabetes, 14.6% without diabetes) were greatly increased in women with diabetes and increased over time except for stable rates of emergency Caesarean section in type 1 diabetes. Gestational age-, sex- and parity-adjusted z score for birthweight (1.33 ± 1.34; p < 0.001) were higher in type 1 diabetes and increased over time from 1.22 to 1.47 (p < 0.001). Birthweight was also increased in type 2 diabetes (0.94 ± 1.34; p < 0.001) but did not alter with time. There were 65 perinatal deaths in offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes and 39 to mothers with type 2 diabetes, representing perinatal mortality rates of 20.1 (95% CI 14.7, 24.3) and 26.9 (16.7, 32.9) per 1000 births, respectively, and rates 3.1 and 4.2 times, respectively, those observed in the non-diabetic population (p < 0.001). Stillbirth rates in type 1 and type 2 diabetes were 4.0-fold and 5.1-fold that in the non-diabetic population (p < 0.001). Perinatal mortality and stillbirth rates showed no significant fall over time despite small falls in the rates for the non-diabetic population. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Women with diabetes are receiving increased intervention in pregnancy (earlier delivery, increased Caesarean section rates), but despite this, higher birthweights are being recorded. Improvements in rates of stillbirth seen in the general population are not being reflected in changes in stillbirth or perinatal mortality in our population with diabetes.
Effects of pregnancy on the onset and progression of diabetic nephropathy and of diabetic nephropathy on pregnancy outcomes.; Controversy exists regarding the effect of pregnancy on the development and course of diabetic nephropathy. This study followed 43 pregnant women with previous diabetes mellitus, 32 without nephropathy (Group I) and 11 with nephropathy (Group II). Urinary albumin excretion (UAE), serum creatinine (Cr) and creatinine clearance (CCr) in the pre-pregnancy (Pre-P), first trimester (1T), third trimester (3T) and 1 year postpartum (PP) were evaluated. In both groups there were an increase in 3T compared to Pre-P of CCr (137 vs. 98 ml/min and 110 vs. 81 ml/min, p=0.0001, respectively) and UAE (7.78 vs. 3.15 mg/24 h and 592 vs. 119 mg/24 h, p=0.0001, respectively). Increase of Cr in the PP compared to 1T in Group II (0.88 vs. 0.70 mg/dL, p=0.031) was observed. There were no difference in UAE, CCr and Cr in the PP when compared to pre-P as well variance over time between groups. Group II showed higher prevalence of chronic hypertension (72.7 vs. 21.9%, p=0.004), preeclampsia (63.6 vs. 6.3%, p=0.0003) and lower gestational age at birth (36 vs. 38 weeks, p=0.003). We conclude that pregnancy was not associated with development and progression of diabetic nephropathy in women with or without mild renal dysfunction. The presence of diabetic nephropathy was associated with increased risk of perinatal complications.
Advanced maternal age and pregnancy outcome.; To assess the effect of maternal age on obstetric intervention and pregnancy outcome, a retrospective study compared obstetric intervention, pregnancy complications and outcome in 73 women of age > 35 years with 471 women of age 20-25 years attending Prince Ali Military Hospital, Jordan from June 1999 to May 2000. Older women were found to have significantly higher rates of medical complications such as hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Despite significantly increased frequency of large babies, trisomy 21, twin pregnancy and antepartum haemorrhage, overall outcome was satisfactory. We conclude that older women, managed by modern obstetric methods and delivered in a modern health-care centre, can expect good pregnancy outcomes.
Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) further increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in parous women with first-degree relatives with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Women with (n = 332) and without (n = 663) a history of GDM were compared regarding 1) the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III metabolic syndrome criteria, 2) the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, and 3) self-reported CVD. RESULTS: Women with prior GDM were younger (48.6 +/- 0.7 vs. 52.4 +/- 0.6 years [means +/- SE];P < 0.001) and less likely to be postmenopausal (48.3 vs. 57.9%; P < 0.005). Although both groups were obese (BMI 34.4 +/- 1.2 vs. 33.7 +/- 0.6 kg/m(2)), women with prior GDM were more likely to have metabolic syndrome (86.6 vs. 73.5%; P < 0.001) and type 2 diabetes (93.4 vs. 63.3%; P < 0.001). Moreover, they had a higher prevalence of CVD (15.5 vs. 12.4%; adjusted odds ratio 1.85 [95% CI 1.21-2.82];P = 0.005) that occurred at a younger age (45.5 +/- 2.2 vs. 52.5 +/- 1.9 years;P = 0.02) and was independent of metabolic syndrome (1.74 [1.10-2.76]; P = 0.02) and type 2 diabetes (1.56 [1.002-2.43];P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Among women with a family history of type 2 diabetes, those with prior GDM were even more likely to not only have CVD risk factors, including metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, but also to have experienced CVD events, which occurred at a younger age. Thus, women with both a family history of type 2 diabetes and personal history of GDM may be especially suitable for early interventions aimed at preventing or reducing their risk of CVD and diabetes.
Hypertension and diabetes in women.; Arterial hypertension and diabetes mellitus are two important and frequent risk factors for atherosclerosis and their association in the same patients is particularly elevated, suggesting something more than the simple causality due to their frequency. In women with diabetes mellitus, the risk of cardiovascular complications is similar to that in men with diabetes mellitus, a pattern completely different from that in the general population where the cardiovascular risk in women is significantly lower than in men. During the gestational period, the glucose metabolism may be reduced and there may be an elevation of blood pressure with or without proteinuria and both conditions have a negative prognostic impact for the mother and for the fetus. On the contrary, reduced glucose tolerance during pregnancy does not seem to represent an important risk factor. The advent of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring has allowed one to evaluate in more detail the pattern of blood pressure in normal pregnancy or pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus or hypertension.
Maternal obesity and risk of postcesarean wound complications.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the effect of increasing severity of obesity on postcesarean wound complications and surgical characteristics. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective cohort study of consecutive cesarean deliveries at a tertiary care facility from 2004 to 2008. Four comparison groups were defined by body mass index (BMI; kg/cm2): < 30 (n = 728), 30 to 39.9 (n = 1,087), 40 to 49.9 (n = 428), or ≥ 50 (n = 201). The primary outcome was wound complication, defined as wound disruption or infection within 6 weeks postoperatively. Surgical characteristics were compared between groups including administration of preoperative antibiotics, type of skin incision, estimated blood loss (EBL), operative time, and type of skin closure. RESULTS: Of the 2,444 women with complete follow-up data, 266 (10.9%) developed a wound complication. Compared with nonobese women (6.6%), increasing BMI was associated with an increased risk of wound complications: BMI 30.0 to 39.9, 9.2%, adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.4 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.99 to 2.0); BMI 40.0 to 49.9, 16.8%, aOR 2.6 (95% CI 1.7 to 3.8); BMI ≥ 50, 22.9%, aOR 3.0 (95% CI 1.9 to 4.9). Increasing BMI was also associated with increased rates of midline vertical incision, longer operative time, higher EBL, and lower rates of subcuticular skin closure. CONCLUSION: A dose-response relationship exists between increasing BMI and risk of postcesarean wound complications. Increasing obesity also significantly influences operative outcomes.
Maternal Cardiac Changes in Women With Obesity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We investigated if women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the third trimester of pregnancy exhibit adverse cardiac alterations in myocardial energetics, function, or tissue characteristics. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Thirty-eight healthy, pregnant women and 30 women with GDM were recruited. Participants underwent phosphorus MRS and cardiovascular magnetic resonance for assessment of myocardial energetics (phosphocreatine [PCr] to ATP ratio), tissue characteristics, biventricular volumes and ejection fractions, left ventricular (LV) mass, global longitudinal shortening (GLS), and mitral in-flow E-wave to A-wave ratio. RESULTS: Participants were matched for age, gestational age, and ethnicity. The following data are reported as mean ± SD. The women with GDM had higher BMI (27 ± 4 vs. 33 ± 5 kg/m2; P = 0.0001) and systolic (115 ± 11 vs. 121 ± 13 mmHg; P = 0.04) and diastolic (72 ± 7 vs. 76 ± 9 mmHg; P = 0.04) blood pressures. There was no difference in N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide concentrations between the groups. The women with GDM had lower myocardial PCr to ATP ratio (2.2 ± 0.3 vs. 1.9 ± 0.4; P < 0.0001), accompanied by lower LV end-diastolic volumes (76 ± 12 vs. 67 ± 11 mL/m2; P = 0.002) and higher LV mass (90 ± 13 vs. 103 ± 18 g; P = 0.001). Although ventricular ejection fractions were similar, the GLS was reduced in women with GDM (-20% ± 3% vs. -18% ± 3%; P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: Despite no prior diagnosis of diabetes, women with obesity and GDM manifest impaired myocardial contractility and higher LV mass, associated with reductions in myocardial energetics in late pregnancy compared with lean women with healthy pregnancy. These findings may aid our understanding of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with GDM.
Importance of engaging obstetrician/gynecologists in cardiovascular disease prevention.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence regarding traditional and sex-specific factors identified among women during their reproductive years and their importance in lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). RECENT FINDINGS: Longitudinal studies demonstrated a woman's burden of risk during her reproductive years is associated with future risk of CVD. Similarly, women with a healthy lifestyle are relatively protected and have the lowest lifetime risk. Some primary prevention strategies, when implemented during this age window, were cost-effective. The link between pregnancy outcome and future CVD risk is now better understood, and evidence now relates pregnancy-associated hypertension and diabetes, as well as a preterm delivery or a low birth weight delivery, to excess risk. Gaps in preventive healthcare for women in this age group included low rates of treatment initiation for hypertension and failure to follow guidelines for diabetes surveillance among women with a history of gestational diabetes. Knowledge gaps for standard CVD prevention, as well as the link between pregnancy complications and future CVD risk, were identified among both primary care providers and obstetrician/gynecologists. SUMMARY: Traditional and sex-specific risk factors for CVD present during women's reproductive years. Engaging the obstetrician/gynecologist provides a strategy to enhance prevention.
Gestational Diabetes Alters Functions in Offspring's Umbilical Cord Cells With Implications for Cardiovascular Health.; Because noncommunicable diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus have their roots in prenatal development and conditions such as maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to test this hypothesis in primary cells derived from the offspring of mothers with GDM compared with control subjects. We have assessed primary umbilical cord-derived cells such as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and Wharton's jelly-derived mesenchymal stem cells from the offspring of mothers with and without GDM. We have compared the primary isolates in cell-based assays measuring proliferation, mitochondrial oxygen consumption, and the ability to support blood vessel growth. We conducted gene expression microarray studies with subsequent pathway analysis and candidate gene validation. We observed striking differences between the two groups, such as lower metabolic rates and impairment of endothelial tube formation in cells with GDM background. HUVECs from subjects with maternal GDM have lower expression of the antiapoptotic protein BCL-xL, suggesting compromised angiogenic capabilities. Comparative gene expression analysis revealed blood vessel formation as a major pathway enriched in the GDM-derived HUVECs with the surface marker CD44 as a gene underexpressed in the GDM group. Functional validation of CD44 revealed that it regulates tube formation in HUVECs, thereby providing insights into a pathway imprinted in primary umbilical cord-derived cells from GDM offspring. Our data demonstrate that primary cells isolated from the umbilical cord of offspring born to mothers with GDM maintain metabolic and molecular imprints of maternal hyperglycemia, reflecting an increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life.
Long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of small for gestational age (SGA) offspring born to women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (‡).; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) neonates to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations compared to SGA neonates born to mothers without GDM. STUDY DESIGN: This is a population-based retrospective cohort study. The study group was SGA offspring born to mothers with GDM (n = 259), while the control group was SGA offspring born to mothers without GDM (n = 9053). The main factor evaluated was offspring cardiovascular hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years. Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to estimate cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular hospitalizations. RESULTS: SGA children born to mothers with GDM had significantly higher rates of cardiovascular-related hospitalizations (1.9% vs. 0.7%, p = .026). A Kaplan-Meier survival curve demonstrated that SGA children born to GDM mothers had a higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations (log-rank p = .037). The Cox regression model, while controlling for confounders, demonstrated that delivery of SGA neonates to mothers with GDM is independently associated with long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations (adjusted HR =2.6; 95% CI 1.02-6.55 p = .045). CONCLUSION: Delivery of SGA neonates born to mothers with GDM is independently associated with long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations.
A mouse model of gestation-specific transient hyperglycemia for translational studies.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is estimated at 14% globally, and in some countries, such as Singapore, exceeds 20%. Both women and children exposed to GDM have an increased risk of later metabolic diseases, cardiovascular disease and other health issues. Beyond lifestyle changes and pharmaceutical intervention using existing type 2 diabetes medications for expecting women, there are limited treatment options for women with GDM; targeting better outcomes of potentially affected infants is unexplored. Numerous animal models have been generated for understanding of pathological processes of GDM development and for development of treatment strategies. These models, however, suffer from limited windows of opportunity to examine risk factors and potential intervention options. By combining short-term high-fat diet (HFD) feeding and low-dose streptozotocin (STZ) treatments before pregnancy, we have established a mouse model with marked transient gestation-specific hyperglycemia, which allows testing of nutritional and pharmacological interventions before, during and beyond pregnancy.
Gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus after high exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances from drinking water in Ronneby, Sweden.; BACKGROUND: Leakage of fire-fighting foam from an airfield caused contamination of the drinking water supplied to a third of the population in Ronneby, resulting in very high serum levels of predominantly perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) and perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS). The results of studies investigating the association between exposure to perfluorinated alkyl substances (PFAS) and pregnancy complications are inconsistent, and studies at high exposures of PFOS and PFHxS are lacking. OBJECTIVES: To investigate the association between exposure to high levels of PFAS and gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: We retrieved data on 27 292 childbirths between 1995 and 2013 from the National Medical Birth Register for women that had a residential address in Blekinge county for at least one year before delivery. Residential history was used as a proxy for exposure by categorizing women into high-, intermediate-, or background exposed based on their residential address during the five-year period before childbirth. Data on confounders were retrieved from administrative registers. The outcomes were defined based on International Classification of Diseases codes. We used logistic regression to estimate odds ratios (OR) for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. We also investigated effect modification by fetal sex. RESULTS: We found no evidence of increased risk of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia (OR 0.80; CI 0.63-1.03), nor gestational diabetes (OR 1.03; CI 0.67-1.58) after high PFAS exposure. There was no effect modification by fetal sex. DISCUSSION: This was the first study to investigate the association between high exposure to PFOS and PFHxS and pregnancy complications. The results from this study add important knowledge to public health management as new hotspots with high levels of PFAS are continuously discovered.
Impact of Systemic Inflammation on the Progression of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; With increasing rates of obesity and new diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the overall prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Women with GDM have an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy as well as long-term risks including higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. In recent years, the role of immune activation and inflammation in the pathogenesis of GDM has gained increasing attention. This monograph explores the current state of the literature as regards the expression of markers of inflammation in the maternal circulation, placenta, and adipose tissue of women with GDM.
Midgestation cardiovascular phenotype in women who develop gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: comparative study.; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased long-term cardiovascular risk. Mild cardiac functional alterations have been detected in women with GDM or HDP in midgestation, prior to clinical onset of the disease, but these functional alterations have not been found to be useful as screening tools. In contrast, increased impedance to peripheral blood flow, measured by echocardiography or ophthalmic artery Doppler, has been shown to provide incremental value to maternal characteristics for the prediction of pre-eclampsia. However, it is unknown whether similar changes can be detected in women at risk of GDM. In this study, we performed detailed cardiovascular phenotyping in a large, unselected population of women in midgestation to identify similarities and differences in cardiovascular adaptation in women who are at risk of GDM and/or HDP. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included assessment of flow velocity waveforms from the maternal ophthalmic arteries, echocardiography for assessment of maternal cardiovascular function and measurement of uterine artery pulsatility index and serum placental growth factor (PlGF) for assessment of placental perfusion and function. The measured indices were converted to either multiples of the median (MoM) values or deviation from the median (delta) after adjusting for maternal characteristics and elements of medical history. Biomarker delta or MoM values in the GDM and HDP groups were compared with those in the unaffected group using 95% CI and t-tests. RESULTS: The study population of 5214 pregnancies contained 4429 (84.9%) that were unaffected by GDM or HDP, 509 (9.8%) complicated by GDM without HDP, 41 (0.8%) with GDM and HDP, and 235 (4.5%) with HDP without GDM. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there was evidence of impaired placentation, with a decrease in PlGF, and increased impedance to flow in the peripheral circulation, suggested by an increase in ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio, peripheral vascular resistance assessed on echocardiography and mean arterial pressure. In the GDM group without HDP, there was no evidence of altered placental perfusion or function and ophthalmic artery PSV ratio was not significantly different from that in the unaffected group; peripheral vascular resistance and mean arterial pressure were increased but to a lesser degree than in the HDP group. In the HDP group, there was an increase in global longitudinal systolic strain and slight increase in isovolumic relaxation time, while in the GDM group, there was an increase in mitral valve E/e', myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. CONCLUSIONS: In midgestation, women who subsequently develop HDP or GDM have a mild subclinical reduction in left ventricular function. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there is evidence of impaired placentation and all biomarkers of impedance to peripheral blood flow are consistently increased. In contrast, in the GDM group without HDP, biomarkers of placental function are normal and those of impedance to peripheral blood flow are either marginally increased or not significantly different from those in normal pregnancies. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Non-Coding RNA: Role in Gestational Diabetes Pathophysiology and Complications.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that develops in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. GDM can lead to short-term and long-term complications both in the mother and in the offspring. Diagnosing and treating this condition is therefore of great importance to avoid poor pregnancy outcomes. There is increasing interest in finding new markers with potential diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic utility in GDM. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs, long non-coding RNAs and circular RNAs, are critically involved in metabolic processes and their dysregulated expression has been reported in several pathological contexts. The aberrant expression of several circulating or placenta-related ncRNAs has been linked to insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction, the key pathophysiological features of GDM. Furthermore, significant associations between altered ncRNA profiles and GDM-related complications, such as macrosomia or trophoblast dysfunction, have been observed. Remarkably, the deregulation of ncRNAs, which might be linked to a detrimental intrauterine environment, can lead to changes in the expression of target genes in the offspring, possibly contributing to the development of long-term GDM-related complications, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. In this review, all the recent findings on ncRNAs and GDM are summarized, particularly focusing on the molecular aspects and the pathophysiological implications of this complex relationship.
Sleep quality and stress in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with complications including pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) often experience disrupted sleep patterns because of activation of the sympathetic nervous system. These pathologies are aggravated by sympathetic nervous system activation and may be related to stress. The present study aimed to clarify the characteristics of and changes in sleep quality and stress in pregnant women with PIH and GDM during the second and third trimesters. METHODS: We enrolled 56 women in their second or third trimesters who were diagnosed with PIH or GDM. Participants completed questionnaires, including the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and the Perceived Stress Scale (PSS). Secretory immunoglobulin A (SlgA) concentrations were measured as a biological indicator of stress. RESULTS: PSS scores and subjective stress parameters were significantly higher than those reported from previous studies of healthy pregnant women (15.2 points and 15.1 points for the second and third trimesters, respectively). Mean one-day values for SIgA were 168.3 and 205.7 μg/mL for the second and third trimesters, respectively. During the second and third trimesters, SIgA scores were higher than those reported for healthy pregnant women in previous studies. The PSQI component scores sleep disturbance (C5) and sleep duration (C3) in follow up case were significantly higher in the third trimester than in the second trimester. DISCUSSION: This investigation suggests that pregnant women with PIH and GDM experience higher stress levels than do non-pregnant women and healthy pregnant women. Further, our results indicate that sleep quality worsens during the third trimester compared with the second trimester.
Dysglycemia in Pregnancy and Maternal/Fetal Outcomes.; Maternal dysglycemia-including diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, and impaired fasting glucose-affects one in six pregnancies worldwide and represents a significant health risk to the mother and the fetus. Maternal dysglycemia is an independent risk factor for perinatal mortality, major congenital anomalies, and miscarriages. Furthermore, it increases the longer-term risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular morbidity, malignancies, and ophthalmic, psychiatric, and renal diseases in the mother. The most commonly encountered form of maternal dysglycemia is gestational diabetes. Currently, international consensus does not exist for diagnostic criteria defining gestational diabetes at 24-28 weeks gestation, and potential diagnostic glucose thresholds earlier in gestation require further investigation. Likewise, recommendations regarding the timing and modality (e.g., lifestyle or pharmacological) of treatment vary greatly. Because a precise diagnosis determines the appropriate treatment and outcome of the pregnancy, it is imperative that a better definition of maternal dysglycemia and its treatment be achieved. This article will address some of the controversies related to diagnosing and managing maternal dysglycemia. In addition, the article will discuss the impact of maternal dysglycemia on complications experienced by the mother and infant, both at birth and in later life.
Congenital heart disease in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus. An international clinical collaboration, literature review, and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: Investigation of the incidence and distribution of congenital structural cardiac malformations among the offspring of mothers with diabetes type 1 and of the influence of periconceptional glycemic control. METHODS: Multicenter retrospective clinical study, literature review, and meta-analysis. The incidence and pattern of congenital heart disease in the own study population and in the literature on the offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers were compared with the incidence and spectrum of the various cardiovascular defects in the offspring of nondiabetic mothers as registered by EUROCAT Northern Netherlands. Medical records were, in addition, reviewed for HbA(1c) during the 1st trimester. RESULTS: The distribution of congenital heart anomalies in the own diabetic study population was in accordance with the distribution encountered in the literature. This distribution differed considerably from that in the nondiabetic population. Approximately half the cardiovascular defects were conotruncal anomalies. The authors' study demonstrated a remarkable increase in the likelihood of visceral heterotaxia and variants of single ventricle among these patients. As expected, elevated HbA(1c) values during the 1st trimester were associated with offspring fetal cardiovascular defects. CONCLUSION: This study shows an increased likelihood of specific heart anomalies, namely transposition of the great arteries, persistent truncus arteriosus, visceral heterotaxia and single ventricle, among offspring of diabetic mothers. This suggests a profound teratogenic effect at a very early stage in cardiogenesis. The study emphasizes the frequency with which the offspring of diabetes-complicated pregnancies suffer from complex forms of congenital heart disease. Pregnancies with poor 1st-trimester glycemic control are more prone to the presence of fetal heart disease.
Disparities in cardiometabolic risk profiles and gestational diabetes mellitus by nativity and acculturation: findings from 2016-2017 National Health Interview Survey.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy with implications for cardiovascular health. Among reproductive-aged women, less is known about nativity-related disparities in cardiometabolic risk profiles and GDM history. We examined how cardiometabolic risk profiles and GDM history differed by nativity and explored associations between acculturation, cardiometabolic risk profiles and GDM history. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We analyzed cross-sectional data from the 2016-2017 National Health Interview Survey among reproductive-aged women (18-49 years) who both reported ever being pregnant and answered the question on GDM history. Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the percentage with GDM history and compared cardiometabolic profiles by nativity status and acculturation (duration of US residence). RESULTS: Of 9525 women, 22.5% were foreign-born. Also, 11.7% of foreign-born women had a GDM history vs 9.6% of US-born women. Foreign-born women with ≥10 years US residence had the highest age-standardized percentage with GDM history (11.0%) compared with US-born women (9.2%) and foreign-born women with <10 years US residence (6.7%). US-born women had a higher prevalence of hypertension, current smoking, and alcohol use than foreign-born women. Among foreign-born women, those with ≥10 years US residence had a higher prevalence of hypertension, current smoking, and alcohol use than those with <10 years US residence. In the fully adjusted model, foreign-born women with ≥10 years US residence had higher odds of GDM history than US-born women (OR 1.43; 95% CI 1.17 to 1.76) while foreign-born women with <10 years US residence and US-born women has similar odds of GDM history. CONCLUSIONS: Greater duration of US residence may be associated with nativity-related disparities in GDM. Acculturation, including changing health-related behaviors may explain the disparities among foreign-born women and should be further investigated to appropriately target interventions to prevent GDM and future cardiometabolic diseases.
Hypoglycemia and embryonic heart development.; Abnormal embryonic development is a complication of the diabetic pregnancy, and heart defects are among the most common and detrimental congenital malformations of the diabetic embryopathy. Hypoglycemia is a common side effect of diabetes therapy and is a potential teratogen. An association between hypoglycemia and congenital defects has been difficult to demonstrate in humans, but in vivo and in vitro animal studies have illustrated the importance of glucose as a substrate for normal development. Hypoglycemia alters embryonic heart morphology, producing abnormal looping and chamber expansion, decreased myocardial thickness, disorganized layers, and decreased overall size. Hypoglycemia decreases embryonic heart rate and vascularity, and it alters embryonic heart metabolism by increasing glucose uptake and glycolysis. Hypoglycemia also affects protein expression in the embryonic heart, increasing the expression of glucose regulated proteins, hexokinase, and glucose transport protein. Thus, hypoglycemia interferes with normal cardiogenesis and alters morphology, function, metabolism, and expression of certain proteins in the developing heart. It is likely that these factors contribute to heart defects observed in the diabetic embryopathy, but the definitive link has yet to be made. Future studies are expected to further elucidate mechanisms mediating hypoglycemia-induced cardiac dysmorphogenesis.
Increased fetal cardiac natriuretic peptide secretion in type-1 diabetic pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: We hypothesised that human fetal cardiac natriuretic peptide secretion is increased in type-1 diabetic pregnancies with normal placental hemodynamics, and this increase is related to the first trimester maternal glycemic control. METHODS: Thirty-two neonates of type-1 diabetic mothers and 60 neonates born after uncomplicated pregnancy and labour (control group) were included in this study. Diabetic pregnancies were divided into two subgroups based on the first trimester HbA1c value. Group 1 pregnancies (n =22) had a good glycemic control (HbA1c <7.5%) and Group 2 pregnancies (n =10) had a poor glycemic control (HbA1c > or =7.5%). At delivery, an umbilical artery (UA) blood sample was obtained for assessment of N-terminal peptide of proatrial (NT-proANP) and proB-type (NT-proBNP) natriuretic peptide levels. In diabetic pregnancies, each fetus had normal UA Doppler velocimetry for gestational age. RESULTS: The newborn UA NT-proANP and NT-proBNP concentrations were significantly higher in type-1 diabetic pregnancies than in the control group. Group 2 fetuses with poor glycemic control showed significantly higher UA NT-proANP levels than Group 1 fetuses. UA NT-proANP levels correlated significantly with maternal HbA1c values in the first, second and third trimesters, while UA NT-proBNP levels did not correlate with maternal HbA1c values. CONCLUSIONS: In type-1 diabetic pregnancies, fetal cardiac natriuretic peptide secretion is increased, even in the presence of good glycemic control and normal placental hemodynamics. In addition, fetal NT-proANP levels are already related to maternal glycemic control in the first trimester of pregnancy.
Fetal cardiovascular hemodynamics in type 1 diabetic pregnancies at near-term gestation.; INTRODUCTION: Poor glycemic control in maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus during pregnancy can affect fetal cardiac and placental function. However, studies concerning fetal central hemodynamics have revealed conflicting results. We hypothesized that in pregnancies complicated by maternal type 1 diabetes, fetal cardiovascular and placental hemodynamics are comparable to the control fetuses at near-term gestation. In addition, we investigated the relation between newborn serum biomarkers of cardiac function and fetal cardiovascular and placental hemodynamics. Furthermore, we studied whether maternal diabetes is associated with placental inflammation. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In this prospective case-control study, fetal central and peripheral hemodynamics were assessed by ultrasonography in 33 women with type 1 diabetes and in 67 controls with singleton pregnancies between 34(+2) and 40(+2) gestational weeks. Newborn umbilical cord serum was collected to analyze cardiac natriuretic peptides (atrial and B-type natriuretic peptides) and troponin T concentrations. Placental tissue samples were obtained for cytokine analyses. RESULTS: Fetal ventricular wall thicknesses were greater and weight-adjusted stroke volumes and cardiac outputs were lower in the type 1 diabetes group than in the control group. Pulsatility in the aortic isthmus and inferior vena cava blood flow velocity waveforms was greater in the type 1 diabetes group fetuses than in the controls. A positive correlation was found between branch pulmonary artery and aortic isthmus pulsatility index values. Umbilical artery pulsatility indices were comparable between the groups. Umbilical cord serum natriuretic peptide and troponin T concentrations were elevated in the type 1 diabetes fetuses. These cardiac biomarkers correlated significantly with cardiovascular hemodynamics. Placental cytokine levels were not different between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: In maternal type 1 diabetes pregnancies, fetal cardiovascular hemodynamics is impaired. Maternal type 1 diabetes does not seem to alter placental vascular impedance or induce placental inflammation.
Metformin administration during pregnancy attenuated the long-term maternal metabolic and cognitive impairments in a mouse model of gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disease that can have long-term adverse effects on the cognitive function of mothers. In our study, we explored the changes in metabolic health and cognitive function in mice of middle- and old- age after exposure to GDM, and whether metformin therapy during pregnancy provided long-term benefits. RESULTS: Mice with GDM demonstrated significant cognitive impairment in old age, which was associated with insulin resistance. Gestational metformin therapy was shown to increase insulin sensitivity and improve cognition. The ovarian aging rate was also accelerated in mice exposed to GDM during pregnancy, which may be related to fatty acid metabolism in the ovaries. CONCLUSION: Treatment with metformin during pregnancy was shown to improve fatty acid metabolism in ovarian tissues. METHOD: During pregnancy, mice were fed with a high-fat diet (GDM group) or a low-fat diet (Control group), and a third group received metformin while receiving a high-fat diet (Treatment group). At 12 months old, the mice completed an oral glucose tolerance test, insulin tolerance test, Morris water maze test, female sex hormones were measured, and metabolite profiles of tissue from the ovaries, hypothalamus, and pituitary glands were analysed using gas chromatography-mass spectrometry.
Non-Invasive Detection of Fetal Vascular Endothelial Function in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: Endothelial dysfunction in the fetuses of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with their subsequent cardiovascular events. Prenatal assessment of endothelial function in fetuses exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemic environment remains challenging. The aim of this study was to assess the fetal vascular endothelial function in GDM patients using color M-mode derived aortic propagation velocity (APV) and evaluate the correlation of APV with endothelial function biomarkers. METHODS: This observational cross-sectional study included 31 gestational diabetic mothers and 30 healthy pregnant mothers from August 2019 to January 2020. Clinical data were compared between the groups. Fetal APV was measured using color M-mode echocardiography at late gestation. Concentrations of endothelial biomarkers including von Willebrand Factor (vWF), vascular endothelial-cadherin and endothelin-1 in umbilical cord serum were assessed. Measurements between diabetic group and controls were compared. RESULTS: vWF was the only endothelial functional marker that differed between the two groups. Fetuses in the GDM group had significantly lower APV levels and higher vWF levels compared with the healthy controls (P < 0.05). There was a moderate but significant correlation between APV and vWF (r =-0.58, P < 0.001). There were no associations between APV and ventricular wall thickness or umbilical artery pulsatility index. CONCLUSIONS: Color M-mode propagation velocity of aorta is a non-invasive, practical method that correlates well with GDM and fetal endothelial function. This novel metric could contribute to recognizing early vascular functional alterations and hence represents a potential strategy for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
Altered FOXO1 activation in the programming of cardiovascular alterations by maternal diabetes.; Maternal diabetes programs cardiovascular alterations in the adult offspring but the mechanisms involved remain unclarified. Here, we addresed whether maternal diabetes programs cardiac alterations related to extracellular matrix remodeling in the adult offspring, as well as the role of forkhead box transcription factor 1 (FOXO1) in the induction of these alterations. The heart from adult offspring from control and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats was evaluated. Increased glycemia, triglyceridemia and insulinemia and markers of cardiomyopathy were found in the offspring from diabetic rats. In the heart, an increase in active FOXO1 and mRNA levels of its target genes, Mmp-2 and Ctgf, genes related to an altered extracellular matrix remodeling, together with an increase in collagen deposition and a decrease in the connexin43 levels, were found in the offspring from diabetic rats. Altogether, these results suggest an important role of FOXO1 activation in the cardiac alterations induced by intrauterine programming in maternal diabetes.
Comparison of fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology between the infants of mothers with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus and normal controls.; OBJECTIVE: To compare fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the controls. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Pregnant women at average risk of GDM underwent 100-g, 3-h-OGTT at 24-28 weeks of gestation for diagnosis of GDM. Both GDM group and the control group underwent fetal echocardiography at 32-36 weeks to assess cardiac dimensions. The neonates underwent echocardiography within 48 h after birth to assess cardiac morphology. RESULTS: A total of 154 pregnant women were recruited, including 60 in the GDM group and 94 in the control group. All of the study group were well controlled for GDM. Most baseline characteristics of both groups were comparable. All obstetric outcomes were not significantly different between the two groups. Morphological cardiac dimensions in the fetuses and newborns of both groups were also not significant different. Subgroup analysis in the study group showed no significantly different in cardiac morphology between the group with diet control and that of insulin control. CONCLUSION: Fetal and neonatal cardiac morphologic changes among mothers with well-controlled GDM are not significantly different from those in the controls. It is possible that good control of maternal blood glucose can prevent fetal and neonatal cardiac abnormalities.
Intrapartal cardiotocographic patterns and hypoxia-related perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: In previous reports, cardiotocographic (CTG) fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring has shown only limited benefits in decreasing adverse perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether an association exists between the recently reported ZigZag pattern (FHR baseline amplitude changes of > 25 bpm with a duration of 2-30 min) and asphyxia-related neonatal outcomes in GDM pregnancies. METHODS: Intrapartal CTGs were recorded in a one-year cohort of 5150 singleton childbirths. The following CTG changes were evaluated: ZigZag pattern, saltatory pattern, late decelerations, episodes of tachycardia and bradycardia, reduced variability, and uterine tachysystole. The cohort was divided into three groups: women with GDM, women with normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and women with no OGTT performed. Umbilical artery (UA) blood gases, Apgar scores, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal encephalopathy were used as outcome variables. RESULTS: GDM was diagnosed in 624 (12.1%), OGTT was normal in 4115 (79.9%), and OGTT was not performed in 411 (8.0%) women. Hypoxia-related ZigZag patterns (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.64-2.34) and late decelerations (OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.27-2.13) of FHR, as well as a greater risk of fetal asphyxia (UA pH < 7.10 and/or UA BE < -12.0 meq/L and/or Apgar scores < 7 at 5-min) (OR 6.64, 95% CI 1.84-12.03) were observed in those with GDM compared with those without GDM. CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with intrapartal ZigZag pattern and late decelerations, cord blood acidemia and low 5-min Apgar scores at birth indicating increased occurrence of fetal hypoxia in GDM pregnancies.
Pre-gestational diabetes and the risk of congenital heart defects in the offspring: A French nationwide study.; AIM: To compare the frequencies and types of congenital heart defects for infants of women without and with pre-gestational diabetes, type 1 and type 2 diabetes (T1DM, T2DM) and to identify risk factors. METHODS: All live births between 2012 and 2020 were screened for maternal diabetes and infant congenital heart defects using the French Medical Information System Program in Medicine, Surgery and Obstetrics database (PMSI-MCO). Incidences of these defects were estimated, and a logistic model evaluated maternal and fetal prognostic risk factors. RESULTS: Overall, 6,038,703 mothers did not have pre-gestational diabetes (no-diabetes), 23,147 had T1DM, and 14,401 had T2DM. The incidence of infant congenital disease was 6.2% for the no-diabetes group, 8.0%, for women with T1DM, and 8.4% for women with T2DM (P < 0.001); for congenital heart defects, incidences were respectively 0.8%, 3.0% and 2.7% (P < 0.001). In comparison with the no-diabetes group, the odds ratios (95%CI) of coronary heart defects were 2.07 (1.91;2.24) (P < 0.001) for women with T1DM and 2.20 (1.99;2.44) (P < 0.001) for women with T2DM, with no difference between T1DM and T2DM (P = 0.336). cesarian section, small and large for gestational age, and prematurity were also associated with an increased risk of congenital heart defects. CONCLUSION: In this study we observed higher incidences of congenital heart defects in infants of women with pre-gestational diabetes compared to women without pre-gestational diabetes, with no difference between women with T1DM or T2DM. These data call for intensifying preconception care and justify systematic cardiac echography in selected fetuses.
Benefits of the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio for the prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women.; AIMS: There is growing consensus in the literature that inflammation plays a central role in the pathophysiology of obesity, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular complications. Measuring the neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) provides a simple inexpensive method for the assessment of inflammatory status. We investigated the predictive value of pre-procedural (before the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)) NLR on the development of GDM in pregnancy. METHODS: 42 women with GDM and 68 women without GDM were included in the study. Complete Blood Count and biochemical tests were followed by a diagnostic 4-point 100-g-OGTT within 2 weeks. GDM was diagnosed by the Carpenter and Coustan criteria. The NLR was calculated from the data. RESULTS: The mean NLR level was significantly higher in GDM women (3.00±0.83 vs. 2.26±0.43 p<0.001, respectively). In ROC analysis, NLR>2.93 had 76.2% sensitivity and 94.1% specificity in predicting GDM. Logistic regression analysis showed that elevated NLR (OR: 5.512, 95% CI: 1.352-22.475, p=0.017) was an independent variable for predicting GDM in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: An elevated NLR level is a powerful and independent predictor of GDM. The results of this study suggested that inflammation plays a central role in the pathogenesis of GDM.
COVID-19 Delta Variant-of-Concern: A Real Concern for Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; The emergence of the COVID-19 Delta variant-of-concern (VOC), a novel variant of SARS-CoV-2, has threatened the total health systems throughout the world. This highly contagious strain is spreading at a higher exponential rate than any other variants of COVID-19 by infecting and subsequently killing hundreds of thousands of people globally. Among the most sensitive groups, pregnant women are at high risk of increased hospitalization, pneumonia, respiratory support, and admission to intensive care units during the Delta period. Pregnant people with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased chances of Delta VOC infection. GDM patients are nine and three times more likely to be infected by Delta VOC than those pregnant patients suffering from diabetes and cardiovascular diseases and hypertension, respectively. Additionally, they are more vulnerable to Delta VOC infection than wild-type and Alpha COVID-19 VOC ones. Thus, this review critically sheds light on the current scenario of the vulnerability of pregnant mothers, especially those with GDM, to Delta VOC infection.
Thrombin Generation in Chinese Pregnant Women and the Effect of Insulin Use on Thrombin Generation in Patients with GDM.; Pregnancy is a hypercoagulable state associated with an increased risk of venous thrombosis. Calibrated automated thrombogram (CAT) is a test to monitor the thrombin generation (TG), a laboratory marker of thrombosis risk, and increases during normal pregnancy, but it is still unclear whether TG is related to the use of insulin in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We performed thrombin generation by CAT on 135 normal pregnant women, including 43 in first trimester, 32 in second trimester, 60 in third trimester, respectively; 68 pregnant women with GDM were also enrolled, 19 patients with GDM using insulin to control blood glucose and 49 patients control their blood glucose through diet and exercise with noninsulin treatment. The overall CAT parameters were calculated using descriptive statistics method with mean ± standard deviation. Mean endogenous thrombin potential, peak thrombin generation, and StartTail time increased significantly with the pregnancy. There was no significant difference in TG test parameters except StartTail time(P = .003) in insulin-treated GDM group when compared to those without insulin in the GDM group. The normal ranges for CAT parameters in pregnant women were determined. Thrombin generation increased significantly in first trimester and remains stable in second and third trimester. The use of insulin in patient with GDM did not affect thrombin generation test. Our study helps to establish the reference range of thrombin generation in Chinese normal pregnant population and provide more basis to predict the risk of thrombus complicating during pregnancy.
Heart Disease, Hypertension, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and Preeclampsia/Eclampsia in Mothers With Juvenile Arthritis: A Nested Case-Control Study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women with a history of juvenile arthritis are at higher risk for heart disease and hypertension and for developing adverse maternal outcomes: gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal hypertension, and preeclampsia/eclampsia. METHODS: We designed a nested case-control study from a cohort of first-time mothers with prior physician billing codes suggesting juvenile arthritis, and a matched comparison group without juvenile arthritis. For the nested case-control design, we selected 3 controls for each case for the outcomes of heart disease (n = 403), prepregnancy hypertension (n = 66), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 285), maternal hypertension (n = 561), and preeclampsia/eclampsia (n = 236). We used conditional logistic regression, adjusting for maternal age and education. RESULTS: Having juvenile arthritis was associated with heart disease (odds ratio [OR] 2.44 [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.15-5.15]) but not with gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or preeclampsia/eclampsia. All 66 cases of prepregnancy hypertension had juvenile arthritis. Having prepregnancy hypertension was strongly associated with preeclampsia/eclampsia (OR 8.05 [95% CI 2.69-24.07]). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of juvenile arthritis had a higher risk of heart disease. This risk signals the potential importance of cardiac prevention strategies in juvenile arthritis. As this was a retrospective study, it was not possible to correct for some relevant potential confounders. Further studies should assess the impact of medications, disease severity, and other factors (e.g., obesity) on cardiac outcomes in juvenile arthritis.
Fetal umbilical arterial and venous Doppler measurements in gestational diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies near term.; OBJECTIVE: To compare Doppler measurements of umbilical arteries (UAs) and veins (UV) in diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies near term. METHODS: Consecutive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were prospectively recruited from a regional obstetric service over an 18-month period. Doppler assessment of the UA and UV done within 10 days from delivery were used for analysis. Similar measurements were performed in a control group of nondiabetic nonhypertensive patients near term. RESULTS: All of the Doppler waveform patterns were within normal in the cohort of 140 patients (GDM 84, normal 62). The mean PI values for the UA and the mean total umbilical venous flow (TUVF) and TUVF per unit birth weight did not differ significantly between diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies. Large-for-gestational-age fetuses showed higher TUVF than normal size fetuses, but the TUVF per unit birth weight was higher for small-gestational-age fetuses. These differences were independent of their diabetic status. CONCLUSION: Umbilical arterial and venous Doppler measurements near term were unable to distinguish between diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies. Umbilical venous flow volume was apparently more sensitive to the size of the fetus than to the maternal diabetic state.
Does the Change in the Diagnostic Criteria for Gestational Diabetes in Poland Affect Maternal and Fetal Complications? A Prospective Study.; Background and objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor of maternal and fetal complications. The aim of the study was to compare two groups of patients with GDM treated in 2015/2016 (Group-15/16), and in 2017/2018 (Group-17/18) and to answer the question whether the change in the diagnostic criteria for GDM affected maternal and fetal complications. Materials and Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted. The study included 123 patients with GDM (58 patients/Group-15/16 and 65 patients/Group-17/18). Results: No significant differences were found between the groups. In Group-17/18, GDM was significantly more often diagnosed based on fasting glycemia (33.8%) compared with Group-15/16 (22.4%; p = 0.000001). GDM was significantly more often diagnosed based on 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT; 44.8%) compared with Group-17/18 (29.2%; p = 0.000005). In Group-15/16, insulin was started in 51.7% of patients compared with 33.8% in Group-17/18 (p = 0.04287). Despite more frequent insulin therapy in Group-15/16, insulin was started later (30th week of gestation) and significantly more frequently in older patients and those with higher BMI values compared with Group-17/18 (27th week of pregnancy). The number of caesarean sections and spontaneous deliveries was also similar in both periods. No difference was found in the prevalence of neonatal complications, including neonatal hypo-glycemia, prolonged jaundice or heart defect. In addition, no differences were found between the parameters in newborns. Conclusions: The change in the criteria for the diagnosis and treatment of GDM translated into the mode of diagnosis and currently it is more often diagnosed based on abnormal fasting glycemia. Currently, a lower percentage of patients require insulin therapy. However, less frequent inclusion of insulin may result in higher postprandial glycemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in mothers, thus increasing the risk of neonatal hypoglycemia immediately after delivery.
Cerebroplacental ratio in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between the cerebroplacental ratio (CPR) and intrapartum and perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of women with a non-anomalous singleton pregnancy diagnosed with GDM who delivered at Mater Mothers' Hospital between 2007 and 2015. CPR was measured in 1089 cases between 34 + 0 and 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. CPR values were compared between groups categorized according to GDM treatment (by diet, oral hypoglycemic agent (OHA) or insulin). The association between CPR and intrapartum and perinatal outcomes was evaluated. RESULTS: No difference in CPR was observed between treatment groups. Fetuses with CPR < 10(th) centile were significantly more likely to have adverse composite perinatal outcome (odds ratio (OR) = 2.93 (95% CI, 1.95-4.40)), preterm delivery and low birth weight than fetuses with CPR ≥ 10(th) centile (all P < 0.001). These associations were present regardless of the type of GDM treatment. Fetuses of women with insulin-controlled GDM had poorer neonatal outcomes than did fetuses of women treated with OHA or dietary control alone. The risk of adverse outcome was significantly increased in the insulin-treated group (OR = 1.75 (95% CI, 1.34-2.28); P < 0.001), which also had higher rates of preterm delivery and higher birth weight. CONCLUSION: Regardless of the type of treatment, a low CPR is associated with poorer neonatal outcome in women with GDM. Copyright © 2016 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Screening fetal echocardiography in diabetic mothers with normal findings on detailed anatomic survey.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the benefit of second-trimester fetal echocardiography for women with diabetes whose fetuses had no obvious heart disease on a detailed anatomic survey performed at skilled, high-volume obstetric centers, and to investigate the technical limitations of fetal echocardiography in this patient population. METHODS: This was a retrospective descriptive review of fetal echocardiograms performed at Children's Hospital Boston from 2000 to 2005. All women referred during the second trimester for fetal echocardiography because of maternal diabetes were included. Those with severe heart disease suspected on obstetric ultrasound examination were excluded. RESULTS: There were 584 initial fetal echocardiograms. No patients were diagnosed with severe heart disease prenatally. Nineteen were diagnosed with suspected mild heart disease (such as small ventricular septal defect), five of whom had normal follow-up fetal evaluation and five of whom had normal postnatal evaluation. Most of these pregnancies did not have a postnatal cardiac evaluation. Forty-seven fetuses had benign cardiac findings. Nearly one third of patients had imaging that was felt to be limited or incomplete, mostly due to poor acoustic windows. Forty-eight patients were asked to return for at least one follow-up visit, most due to the inability to complete the exam at the initial visit. CONCLUSIONS: In an environment with access to high-volume, skilled comprehensive ultrasound services, fetal echocardiography by a pediatric cardiology program adds little to the care of women with diabetes and no suspected heart disease on a detailed anatomic survey. Poor acoustic windows frequently necessitate multiple visits.
Risk factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus: The role of pregnancy-induced hypertension and physical inactivity.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) causes serious complications affecting the mother and fetus. Physical activity (PA) during pregnancy has positive effects on the mother and fetus. The objectives of this study were to assess GMD prevalence in Kuwait, identify its risk factors, and to evaluate its association with PA. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among a randomly selected 653 post-partum women from all public maternal centers and five private centers. An anonymous self-administered questionnaire was used to collect participants' socio-demographic data, medical and obstetric history. Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire (PPAQ) was used to assess PA level. RESULTS: Participants' mean age was 30.1 ± 5.3. GMD was diagnosed among 14.1% (95% CI: 11.6-17.0) of participants. Binary logistic regression revealed that poor income, having 2 + chronic diseases, past history of GDM, hypothyroidism, high systolic or diastolic blood pressure during pregnancy were independently correlated with developing GDM. For physical activity, the overall means of PPAQ total and sub-scores were below average and only PPAQ sub-score -Vigorous Intensity Activity- was significantly higher amid women without GMD than those with. However, PPAQ mean scores showed significant positive correlation with women's pre-pregnancy BMI and birth weight; and a significant negative association with gestational systolic and diastolic blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: GDM prevalence is relatively high in Kuwait, notably amid expatriates. Pregnancy-induced hypertension along with social and pre-pregnancy medical conditions correlated with developing GDM. PA helped mitigated pregnancy blood pressure, and fetal birth weight. Promoting additional medical monitoring and PA during pregnancy might aid reduce the prevalence of GDM.
Metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy: Fingerprinting the maternal metabolome using proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy.; AIMS: Maternal metabolic disorders place the mother at risk for negative pregnancy outcomes with potentially long-term health impacts for the child. Metabolic syndrome, a cluster of features associated with increased risk of metabolic disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and stroke, affects roughly one in five Canadians. Metabolomics is a relatively new technique that may be a useful tool to identify women at risk of metabolic disorders. This study set out to characterize urinary metabolic biomarkers of pregnant women with obesity and of pregnant women who later developed gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-GDM), compared to controls. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Second trimester urine samples were collected through the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) cohort and examined with (1)H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Multivariate analysis was used to examine group differences, and machine learning feature selection tools identified the metabolites contributing to separation. RESULTS: Obesity and pre-GDM metabolomes were distinct from controls and from each other. In each comparison, the glycine, serine and threonine pathways were the most impacted. Pantothenate, formic acid and glycine were downregulated by obesity, while formic acid, dimethylamine and galactose were downregulated in pre-GDM. The three most impacted metabolites for the comparison of obesity versus pre-GDM groups were upregulated creatine/caffeine, downregulated sarcosine/dimethylamine and upregulated maltose/sucrose in individuals who later developed GDM. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest a role for urinary metabolomics in the prediction of GDM and metabolic marker identification for potential diagnostics and prognostics in women at risk.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: The Impact of Carbohydrate Quality in Diet.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as "glucose intolerance that is first diagnosed during pregnancy". Mothers with GDM and their infants may experience both short and long term complications. Dietary intervention is the first therapeutic strategy. If good glycaemic control is not achieved, insulin therapy is recommended. There is no consensus on which nutritional approach should be used in GDM. In the last few years, there has been growing evidence of the benefits of a low glycaemic index (LGI) diet on diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of a LGI diet on GDM incidence has been investigated as well. Several studies observed a lower incidence of GDM in LGI diet arms, without adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The main positive effect of the LGI diet was the reduction of 2-h post-prandial glucose (PPG). Several studies have also evaluated the effect of the LGI diet in GDM treatment. Overall, the LGI diet might have beneficial effects on certain outcomes, such as 2-h PPG, fasting plasma glucose and lipid profile in patients with GDM. Indeed, most studies observed a significant reduction in insulin requirement. Overall, according to current evidence, the LGI nutritional approach is safe and it might therefore be considered in clinical care for GDM.
Dietary patterns before and during pregnancy and maternal outcomes: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are common maternal complications during pregnancy, with short- and long-term sequelae for both mothers and children. OBJECTIVE: Two systematic review questions were used to examine the relation between 1) dietary patterns before and during pregnancy, 2) HDP, and 3) GDM. METHODS: A search was conducted from January 1980 to January 2017 in 9 databases including PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane. Two analysts independently screened articles using a priori inclusion and exclusion criteria; data were extracted from included articles, and risk of bias was assessed. After qualitative synthesis, a conclusion statement was drafted for each question and the evidence supporting the conclusion was graded. RESULTS: Of the 9103 studies identified, 8 [representing 4 cohorts and 1 randomized controlled trial (RCT)] were included for HDP and 11 (representing 6 cohorts and 1 RCT) for GDM. Limited evidence in healthy Caucasian women with access to health care suggests dietary patterns before and during pregnancy that are higher in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, nuts, legumes, fish, and vegetable oils and lower in meat and refined grains are associated with reduced risk of HDP, including preeclampsia and gestational hypertension. Limited but consistent evidence suggests certain dietary patterns before pregnancy are associated with reduced risk of GDM. These protective dietary patterns are higher in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, nuts, legumes, and fish and lower in red and processed meats. Most of the research was conducted in healthy, Caucasian women with access to health care. Insufficient evidence exists on the associations between dietary patterns before and during pregnancy and risk of HDP in minority women and those of lower socioeconomic status, and dietary patterns during pregnancy and risk of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Although some conclusions were drawn from these systematic reviews, more research is needed to address gaps and limitations in the evidence.
Use of the myocardial performance index as a prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine whether there are any changes in cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics and whether these changes influence perinatal outcome. METHODS: Twenty-nine pregnant women with severe gestational diabetes on insulin therapy in the third trimester of pregnancy were recruited and matched with 29 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocities (E/A) ratios were determined. Placental resistance Doppler markers were also determined in both groups. Adverse perinatal outcome was defined as perinatal death, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, cord pH <7.15, 5-min Apgar score <7 and presence of cardiomyopathy. RESULTS: The median Mod-MPI was increased (0.59 vs 0.38; p < 0.0001) and the E/A ratio was decreased (0.65 vs 0.76; p < 0.0001) in fetuses of diabetic mothers compared with controls. An MPI >0.52 had a sensitivity of 100% [95% confidence interval (CI) 85-100%] and specificity of 92% (95% CI 70-92%) for prediction of adverse perinatal outcome, including one stillbirth and one neonatal death. No abnormal outcomes occurred in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: There is significant impairment of cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics. Mod-MPI and E/A ratio have the potential to improve fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies.
Concordance of glycaemic and cardiometabolic traits between Indian women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and their spouses: an opportunity to target the household.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to investigate the concordance of dysglycaemia (prediabetes or diabetes) and cardiometabolic traits between women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their spouses. METHODS: Using hospital medical records, women with GDM (diagnosed between 2012 and 2016) and their spouses were invited to participate in the study and to attend a scheduled hospital visit in a fasting state. Sociodemographic, anthropometric and medical data were collected, and a 75 g OGTT with serum insulin estimation, HbA(1c) measurement and fasting lipid profile were performed at the visit. Prediabetes and diabetes were defined using ADA criteria and the metabolic syndrome was defined using IDF criteria. RESULTS: A total of 214 couples participated in the study. Women were tested at a mean ± SD age of 32.4 ± 4.6 years and median (quartile [q]25-q75) of 19.5 (11-44) months following the index delivery, while men were tested at a mean ± SD age of 36.4 ± 5.4 years. A total of 72 (33.6%) couples showed concordance for dysglycaemia, while 99 (46.3%) and 51 (23.8%) couples were concordant for overweight/obesity and the metabolic syndrome, respectively. A total of 146 (68.2%) couples showed concordance for any of the above three factors. The presence of dysglycaemia in one partner was associated with an increased risk of dysglycaemia in the other partner (OR 1.80 [95% CI 1.04, 3.11]). Similarly, being overweight/obese (OR 2.19 [95% CI 1.22, 3.93]) and presence of the metabolic syndrome (OR 2.01 [95% CI 1.16, 3.50]) in one partner was associated with an increased risk of these conditions in the other partner. Both women and men were more likely to have dysglycaemia if they had a partner with dysglycaemia. Women with a partner with dysglycaemia had a significantly higher BMI, waist circumference and diastolic BP, and a significantly higher probability of low HDL-cholesterol (<1.29 mmol/l) and the metabolic syndrome compared with women with a normoglycaemic partner. No such differences were observed for men with or without a partner with dysglycaemia. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The high degree of spousal concordance found in this study suggests social clustering of glycaemic and cardiometabolic traits among biologically unrelated individuals. This provides us with an opportunity to target the behavioural interventions at the level of the 'married couple', which may be a novel and cost-effective method of combating the current diabetes epidemic.
Glucose tolerance test during pregnancy: the significance of one abnormal value.; To determine the perinatal impacts of one abnormal oral glucose tolerance test (GTT) value, we conducted a retrospective study of pregnancy outcome in our population. Pregnant women (4314) were screened for gestational diabetes (GDM) between 24 and 32 weeks with the 50-g glucose challenge test and 183 were directly tested with the 100-g GTT. The subjects who had a serum glucose value equal or greater than 7.8 mmol/L 1 h after a 50-g glucose challenge were scheduled for a 100-g GTT (904). Another 32 subjects, who were not screened, were found to have gestational diabetes identified by repeated fasting and postprandial serum glucose measurements. Retrospectively, the study population was divided in four groups: I, normal (4138); II, GDM (237); III, subjects with one abnormal GTT value treated like GDM (85); IV, subjects with one abnormal GTT value untreated (69). Patient characteristics of groups II, III, and IV were similar. The area under the glycemic curve was similar between groups III and IV and was statistically inferior to that of Group II. GTT periodicity was the greatest in group II. Group II showed a higher rate of delivery before 37 weeks, of chronic and pregnancy induced hypertension, and of cesarian section but groups III and IV were not statistically different from group I.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Blood pressure and lipid changes in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: It is suggested that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the earliest phase of DM. Nowadays DM is treated as a part of insulin resistance syndrome--patients with DM tend to be obese, dyslipidemic and hypertensive. It is postulated that similar abnormalities are found in GDM patients. METHODS: The study was conducted among 81 women with GDM and 41 healthy controls. After diagnosis or negative screening for GDM the women underwent 24-hour blood pressure monitoring and measurements of plasma lipids, insulin concentrations and insulin resistance (expressed by HOMA score). The incidence of gestational hypertension and blood pressure until delivery was also analyzed. RESULTS: 17 (21%) of GDM women and only 1 glucose tolerant control developed pregnancy induced hypertension. GDM women had significantly higher arterial pressure during the daytime and nighttime (accordingly 112.1/69.4 mmHg vs. 105.4/64.8 mmHg and 101.5/62.4 mmHg vs. 93.0/58.8 mmHg), although the average BP was within normal range. Heart rate was also faster in GDM group. Compared with healthy pregnant women, GDM patients had higher serum TG concentrations (247,9 vs 205 mg%; p<0,01), fasting insulin (66 vs 42,5 pmol/l; p<0,001) and insulin resistance (HOMA 2,15 vs 1,13; p<0,001). No correlation was found between blood pressure and insulin concentrations and insulin resistance among healthy and GDM women. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that symptoms of insulin resistance are present in GDM women. They are characterized by higher arterial blood pressure, heart rate, serum triglycerides, insulin and increased insulin resistance.
[The newborn infant of a diabetic mother].; The authors present a case of a newborn of a diabetic mother with fatal outcome in the 6th day postnatally. The principal troubles in newborn were: fetal macrosomy, hypoglycemia and a lot of congenital malformations. They discuss the relationship between the maternal alteration of hydrocarbonate metabolism and the troubles in fetus and newborn.
Gestational diabetes mellitus.; Hyperglycaemia that develops during pregnancy and resolves after birth has been recognized for over 50 years, but uniform worldwide consensus is lacking about threshold hyperglycaemic levels that merit a diagnosis of 'gestational diabetes mellitus' (GDM) and thus treatment during pregnancy. GDM is currently the most common medical complication of pregnancy, and prevalence of undiagnosed hyperglycaemia and even overt diabetes in young women is increasing. Maternal overweight and obesity, later age at childbearing, previous history of GDM, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and ethnicity are major GDM risk factors. Diagnosis is usually performed using an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), although a non-fasting, glucose challenge test (GCT) is used in some parts of the world to screen women for those requiring a full OGTT. Dietary modification and increased physical activity are the primary treatments for GDM, but pharmacotherapy, usually insulin, is used when normoglycaemia is not achieved. Oral hypoglycaemic agents, principally metformin and glibenclamide (glyburide), are also used in some countries. Treatment improves immediate pregnancy outcomes, reducing excess fetal growth and adiposity and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders. GDM increases the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease, in both the mother and infant. Optimal management of mother and infant during long-term follow-up remains challenging, with very limited implementation of preventive strategies in most parts of the world.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of eHealth technologies-a scoping review.; BACKGROUND: Globally, gestational diabetes mellitus complicates 1 in 6 pregnancies and increases future risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the affected women. There is a lack of consensus on the optimal follow-up of these women. eHealth is emerging as a health care tool, but its practical utility and advantages over standard care in the follow-up after pregnancy complications remains to be determined. Our aim was to systematically review the existing literature on cardiovascular follow-up after gestational diabetes, the utility of eHealth technology for this purpose, and to identify research gaps. METHODS: We performed a systematic scoping review following a published protocol and the Joanna Briggs methodology for studies up until May 2022. Four databases were searched: Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Maternity and Infant Care, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. Primary research articles and systematic reviews were included in the final analyses. Two reviewers independently screened abstracts and performed full text assessment. Data was extracted using a data charting form. In all stages of the process, if consensus was not reached, a third reviewer was consulted. The findings from the data charting process provided the basis for summarizing the findings from the included studies. RESULTS: The search of the databases generated 2772 hits. After removing duplicates and manually adding a total of 19 studies, reviews, and guidelines, a total of 2769 titles and abstracts were screened, and 97 papers underwent full-text review. In the final analyses, 15 articles and 12 systematic reviews were included, whereas guidelines are presented as supplementary material. No studies were identified that examined follow-up regarding long-term overall cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes. Various lifestyle interventions were tested for individual cardiovascular risk factors, with diverging effects. eHealth technologies were found acceptable by participants but had no consistent, statistically significant effect on relevant health outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: This scoping review of the existing literature revealed neither an established systematic cardiovascular follow-up strategy for women after gestational diabetes nor evidence that eHealth technologies are superior to conventional follow-up. Further research into the utility of eHealth in cardiovascular follow-up after complicated pregnancies should include longer-term follow-up and core cardiovascular outcomes. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: The protocol for this scoping review was published at Open Science Framework (osf.io/p5hw6).
Cardiovascular and renal characteristics, and responses to acute volume expansion of a rat model of diabetic pregnancy.; The objective of this study was to characterize the cardiovascular and renal alterations that occur during diabetic pregnancy, and to evaluate the effect of insulin treatment in 12-14 days pregnant diabetic rats. Four groups of female Sprague Dawley rats were studied: virgin control group (NP), pregnant control group (CP), diabetic pregnant group (DP), and diabetic pregnant group with insulin treatment (DPI). Systolic arterial pressure (SAP) was increased on day 12, whereas heart rate (HR) decreased starting with day 3 in DP group of rats. DP rats exhibited marked renal hypertrophy with greater kidney weight (wt) and kidney wt/body wt ratio. Insulin treatment normalized blood glucose (BG) concentration, SAP and HR, and prevented the increase in kidney wt/body wt ratio in DPI rats. At the time of the terminal acute experiment, acute saline volume expansion (VE, 5% body wt/30 min) significantly increased renal interstitial hydrostatic pressure (RIHP), urinary sodium excretion (U(Na)V) and urine flow rate (V) in all groups, but the increases (Delta) were significantly attenuated in both CP (1.7 +/- 0.2mmHg, 12.0 +/- 1.5 microEq.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1) and 76.2 +/- 10.9 microl.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1) for DeltaRIHP, DeltaU(Na)V and DeltaV respectively) and DP (1.3 +/- 0.1 mmHg, 6.8 +/- 1.8 microEq.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1) and 32.3 +/- 9.3 microl.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1) for DeltaRIHP, DeltaU(Na)V and DeltaV respectively) group of rats as compared to NP (4.0 +/- 0.6 mmHg, 21.6 +/- 1.4 microEq.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1)and 136.8 +/- 10.5 microl.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1) for DeltaRIHP, DeltaU(Na)V and DeltaV respectively) group of rats. Although RIHP response to VE was similar in DP and CP group of rats, the natriuretic and diuretic responses to VE were significantly lower in DP as compared to CP group of rats. Insulin treatment had no effect on RIHP response (DeltaRIHP = 1.5 +/- 0.3 mmHg), but restored most of the natriuretic (DeltaU(Na)V = 15.7 +/- 2.9 microEq.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1)) and diuretic (DeltaV = 100.2 +/- 19.3 microl.min(-1).g kidney wt(-1)) responses to VE in DPI as compared with CP group of rats. These data suggest that with VE, the restoration of the increase in U(Na)V and V with insulin treatment in diabetic pregnant rats is not mediated by changes in RIHP.
Gestational diabetes risk factors and long-term consequences for both mother and offspring: a literature review.; INTRODUCTION: Established risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) include ethnicity, obesity, and family history of diabetes. Untreated GDM patients have higher rates of maternal and perinatal morbidity. GDM is an independent risk factor for future longer-term risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular morbidity, malignancies, ophthalmic, psychiatric, and renal disease in the mother. Offspring risk long-term adverse health outcomes, including T2DM, subsequent obesity, impacted neurodevelopmental outcome, increased neuropsychiatric morbidity, and ophthalmic disease. AREAS COVERED: We critically review data from retrospective, prospective, and meta-analysis studies pertaining to established GDM risk factors, complications during pregnancy and birth (both mother and offspring), and long-term consequences (both mother and offspring). EXPERT COMMENTARY: Many of the adverse consequences of GDM might be avoided with proper management and treatment. Patients belonging to high-risk ethnic groups, and/or with body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m(2), and/or known history of diabetes in first-degree relatives may benefit from universal screening and diagnostic criteria proposed by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG). The IADPSG one-step method has several advantages, including simplicity of execution, greater patient-friendliness, and higher diagnostic accuracy. Additionally, evidence suggests that the recent increased popularity of bariatric surgery will help to decrease GDM rates over next 5 years. Similarly, metformin may be useful for treating and preventing obstetrical complications in confirmed GDM patients.
Optimal gestational weight gain in women with twin pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study in the United States.; BACKGROUND: There is limited evidence regarding optimal gestational weight gain in women with twin pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the association between gestational weight gain and perinatal outcomes among women with gestational diabetes mellitus and twin pregnancies and to explore the gestational weight gain targets by prepregnancy body mass index category. STUDY DESIGN: A national population-based cohort study of twin pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus was conducted between 2014 and 2020. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus aged between 18 and 45 years with live-born twins without congenital malformations between 24 and 42 weeks of gestation were included in the analysis. Two approaches were used to determine the optimal gestational weight gain targets by body mass index category: an interquartile range method to calculate targets in low-risk gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies and a logistic model method to identify the odds ratio targets at which a composite adverse outcome decreased. RESULTS: Of 29,308 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and twin pregnancies, 8239 (28.1%) were normal-weight, 7626 (26.0%) were overweight, and 13,443 (45.9%) were obese. The continuous standardized gestational weight gain by 36 weeks was associated with preterm birth <36 weeks, large-for-gestational-age infants, small-for-gestational-age infants, and gestational hypertensive disorders. The interquartile range targets were 13.6 to 20.9 kg, 10.9 to 20.4 kg, and 7.7 to 17.7 kg for normal-weight, overweight, and obese women, respectively. The odds ratio targets were 14.1 to 20.0 kg, 12.1 to 16.0 kg, and 6.1 to 12.0 kg for normal-weight, overweight, and obese women, respectively. Gestational weight gain outside these targets was associated with preterm birth <36 weeks, large-for-gestational-age and small-for-gestational-age infants, and gestational hypertensive disorders, and exhibited significant population attributable fractions for preterm birth <36 weeks, large-for-gestational-age infants, and gestational hypertensive disorders across body mass index categories. CONCLUSION: Compared with the Institute of Medicine guidelines, more stringent gestational weight gain targets would be beneficial for improved perinatal outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and twin pregnancies.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Europe: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prevalence Studies.; BACKGROUND: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is defined as the type of hyperglycemia diagnosed for the first-time during pregnancy, presenting with intermediate glucose levels between normal levels for pregnancy and glucose levels diagnostic of diabetes in the non-pregnant state. We aimed to systematically review and meta-analyze studies of prevalence of GDM in European countries at regional and sub-regional levels, according to age, trimester, body weight, and GDM diagnostic criteria. METHODS: Systematic search was conducted in five databases to retrieve studies from 2014 to 2019 reporting the prevalence of GDM in Europe. Two authors have independently screened titles and abstracts and full text according to eligibility using Covidence software. A random-effects model was used to quantify weighted GDM prevalence estimates. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute criteria was used to assess the risk of bias. RESULTS: From the searched databases, 133 research reports were deemed eligible and included in the meta-analysis. The research reports yielded 254 GDM-prevalence studies that tested 15,572,847 pregnant women between 2014 and 2019. The 133 research reports were from 24 countries in Northern Europe (44.4%), Southern Europe (27.1%), Western Europe (24.1%), and Eastern Europe (4.5%). The overall weighted GDM prevalence in the 24 European countries was estimated at 10.9% (95% CI: 10.0-11.8, I(2) : 100%). The weighted GDM prevalence was highest in the Eastern Europe (31.5%, 95% CI: 19.8-44.6, I(2) : 98.9%), followed by in Southern Europe (12.3%, 95% CI: 10.9-13.9, I(2) : 99.6%), Western Europe (10.7%, 95% CI: 9.5-12.0, I(2) : 99.9%), and Northern Europe (8.9%, 95% CI: 7.9-10.0, I(2) : 100). GDM prevalence was 2.14-fold increased in pregnant women with maternal age ≥30 years (versus 15-29 years old), 1.47-fold if the diagnosis was made in the third trimester (versus second trimester), and 6.79- fold in obese and 2.29-fold in overweight women (versus normal weight). CONCLUSIONS: In Europe, GDM is significant in pregnant women, around 11%, with the highest prevalence in pregnant women of Eastern European countries (31.5%). Findings have implications to guide vigilant public health awareness campaigns about the risk factors associated with developing GDM. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO [https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/], identifier CRD42020161857.
[Screening for gestational diabetes with capillary blood glucose].; Two hundred and twenty 3rd trimester pregnant women were randomly selected to perform 50 g oral glucose tolerance screening test. Simultaneously, both capillary and venous blood samples were obtained one hour after the glucose load. A high correlation between capillary and venous glucose levels was found (r = 0.87, P < 0.01). From the receiver operator characteristic curve, it was found that the capillary glucose value of 9.1 mmol/L might be defined as abnormal threshold value for 100g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The consistent rate between capillary and venous glucose test was 91.8%. In 100g OGTT, of 43 cases whose venous glucose were > or = 7.8 mmol/L, 11 were diagnosed as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). All of these 11 patients had capillary glucose > or = 9.1 mmol/L. This results suggest that the capillary blood glucose test may be feasible for screening of gestational diabetes.
[Diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy--complications in pregnancy and labor].; The purpose of this retrospective study was to determine the risk factors for the morbidity of the mothers and their fetus in patients with diabetic retinopathy and/or nephropathy with an open family planning. We compared the course of pregnancies, complications as well as the maternal and neonatal morbidity in 76 patients with diabetic retinopathy or nephropathy (White R F) with 85 patients without severe microangiopathy (White C D). We found a correlation between retinopathy progression and hyperglycaemia during the first trimester (p < 0.05). There was an increase in the deterioration of visual acuity up to blindness due to the progression of this microangiopathy in cases of proliferative retinopathy. There was a significant increase of the mean diastolic blood pressure (mdp) and preeclamptic symptoms occurred in 71% of the cases with severe microangiopathy (p < 0.05). Deterioration of the diabetic nephropathy with excessive proteinuria (> 10 g/d) and unmanageable hypertension or a progression of the retinopathy led to an earlier delivery in 80% of the patients (p < 0.05). A high rate of preterm deliveries (39%) and a frequent occurrence of intrauterine growth retardation's (9%) characterised the fetal outcome. The following examinations for a patient with an open family planning, if diabetes is diagnosed during childhood or the course of the disease is between 10 and 15 years, should be done: Ophthalmological evaluation, control of the renal function, contraceptive advice and an improvement of the metabolic situation. In case of a diabetic nephropathy in combination with hypertonus the patients shoud be warned against pregnancy.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Investigating the Mechanism of Hyperglycemia-Induced Fetal Cardiac Hypertrophy.; Hyperglycemia in diabetic mothers enhances the risk of fetal cardiac hypertrophy during gestation. However, the mechanism of high-glucose-induced cardiac hypertrophy is not largely understood. In this study, we first demonstrated that the incidence rate of cardiac hypertrophy dramatically increased in fetuses of diabetic mothers using color ultrasound examination. In addition, human fetal cardiac hypertrophy was successfully mimicked in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes mouse model, in which mouse cardiac hypertrophy was diagnosed using type-M ultrasound and a histological assay. PH3 immunofluorescent staining of mouse fetal hearts and in vitro-cultured H9c2 cells indicated that cell proliferation decreased in E18.5, E15.5 and E13.5 mice, and cell apoptosis in H9c2 cells increased in the presence of high glucose in a dose-dependent manner. Next, we found that the individual cardiomyocyte size increased in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus mice and in response to high glucose exposure. Meanwhile, the expression of β-MHC and BMP-10 was up-regulated. Nkx2.5 immunofluorescent staining showed that the expression of Nkx2.5, a crucial cardiac transcription factor, was suppressed in the ventricular septum, left ventricular wall and right ventricular wall of E18.5, E15.5 and E13.5 mouse hearts. However, cardiac hypertrophy did not morphologically occur in E13.5 mouse hearts. In cultured H9c2 cells exposed to high glucose, Nkx2.5 expression decreased, as detected by both immunostaining and western blotting, and the expression of KCNE1 and Cx43 was also restricted. Taken together, alterations in cell size rather than cell proliferation or apoptosis are responsible for hyperglycemia-induced fetal cardiac hypertrophy. The aberrant expression of Nkx2.5 and its regulatory target genes in the presence of high glucose could be a principal component of pathogenesis in the development of fetal cardiac hypertrophy.
[Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor].; OBJECTIVES: Search for data necessary to elaborate recommendations for obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor. METHODS: Systematic review of the literature and levels of evidence. RESULTS: In case of gestational diabetes and in the absence of disease or other risk factor associated, there is no evidence to support a systematic rate of clinical follow up different from other pregnancy. The relevance of ultrasound estimates of fetal weight is limited. No formula is superior to others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of the research septal hypertrophy is not demonstrated (EL4). The systematic application of umbilical Doppler has no proven benefits in the absence of growth restriction or hypertension associated (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring of the fetus can be proposed for diabetics on insulin or poorly controlled. In cases of gestational diabetes controlled by diet, cardiotocography of fetal heart rate has not proven useful. In poorly controlled diabetes and/or on insulin, the registration may be discussed taking into account other risk factors associated (EL4). A weekly recording of fetal heart rate is often recommended in case of type 2 diabetes discovered during pregnancy. In case of preterm labor, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin antagonists can be used without specific precautions. The risk of using beta-adrenergic outweighs the benefit. Administration of corticosteroid can be done under glycemic control, with insulin therapy if necessary. Screening test for gestational diabetes should not be performed within few days after last steroid injection.
Glucose tolerance test with a single abnormal value as a predictor of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a multicenter retrospective study.; Clinical implication of a single abnormal value (SAV) in the 100 g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy has not been established. We aimed to evaluate the risk of postpartum type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and investigate adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with SAV, using a retrospective database, from seven medical centers of Korea. Based on the Carpenter-Coustan criteria using two-step approach, pregnancy and postpartum outcomes were compared, among normoglycemic, SAV, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) groups. Among 9353 women, 342 (3.66%) and 418(4.47%) women were included in SAV and GDM groups, respectively. SAV and GDM groups showed significantly higher rates of postpartum T2DM than normoglycemic group (7.60%, 14.83%, and 1.82%, respectively, p < 0.001). And SAV group showed significantly higher rates of pregnancy associated hypertension, preterm birth, and neonatal hypoglycemia and sepsis, compared to normoglycemic group (neonatal sepsis, p = 0.008; the others, p < 0.001). In multivariate analysis, postpartum T2DM was associated with SAV, GDM (with/without insulin), nulliparity, pre-pregnancy BMI, chronic hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and DM family history. A scoring model to predict postpartum T2DM within 5 years, achieved an area under the curve of 0.74. This study demonstrated that not only GDM, but also SAV is a significant risk factor for postpartum T2DM.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus (Update 2023)].; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy and is associated with increased feto-maternal morbidity as well as long-term complications in mothers and the offspring. Women detected to have diabetes early in pregnancy receive the diagnosis of overt, non-gestational, diabetes (glucose: fasting ≥ 126 mg/dl, spontaneous ≥ 200 mg/dl or HbA(1c) ≥ 6.5% before 20 weeks of gestation). GDM is diagnosed by an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) or increased fasting glucose (≥ 92 mg/dl). Screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes at the first prenatal visit is recommended in women at increased risk (history of GDM/pre-diabetes; malformation, stillbirth, successive abortions or birth weight > 4500 g previously; obesity, metabolic syndrome, age > 35 years, vascular disease; clinical symptoms of diabetes (e.g. glucosuria) or ethnic origin with increased risk for GDM/T2DM (Arab, South- and Southeast Asian, Latin American)) using standard diagnostic criteria. Performance of the oGTT (120 min; 75 g glucose) may already be indicated in the first trimester in high-risk women but is mandatory between gestational week 24-28 in all pregnant women with previous non-pathological glucose metabolism. Following WHO recommendations, which are based on the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study, GDM is defined, if fasting venous plasma glucose is ≥ 92 mg/dl or 1 h ≥ 180 mg/dl or 2 h ≥ 153 mg/dl after glucose loading (international consensus criteria). In case of one pathological value a strict metabolic control is mandatory. After bariatric surgery we do not recommend to perform an oGTT due to risk of postprandial hypoglycemia. All women with GDM should receive nutritional counseling, be instructed in blood glucose self-monitoring and motivated to increase physical activity to moderate intensity levels-if not contraindicated (Evidence level A). If blood glucose levels cannot be maintained in the therapeutic range (fasting < 95 mg/dl and 1 h after meals < 140 mg/dl, Evidence level B) insulin therapy should be initiated as first choice (Evidence level A). Maternal and fetal monitoring is required in order to minimize maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and perinatal mortality. Regular obstetric examinations including ultrasound examinations are recommended (Evidence level A). Neonatal care of GDM offspring at high risk for hypoglycaemia includes blood glucose measurements after birth and if necessary appropriate intervention. Monitoring the development of the children and recommendation of healthy lifestyle are important issues to be tackled for the whole family. After delivery all women with GDM have to be reevaluated as to their glucose tolerance by a 75 g oGTT (WHO criteria) 4-12 weeks postpartum. Assessment of glucose parameters (fasting glucose, random glucose, HbA(1c) or optimally oGTT) are recommended every 2-3 years in case of normal glucose tolerance. All women have to be instructed about their increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease at follow-up. Possible preventive meassures, in particular lifestyle changes as weight management and maintenance/increase of physical activity should be discussed (evidence level A).
Progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy in women with type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We studied the progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy in women with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Fundus photography was performed at median 10 (range 6-21) and 28 (27-37) gestational weeks in 80 of 110 (73%) consecutively referred pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. Diabetic retinopathy was classified in five stages. Progression was defined as at least one stage of deterioration of diabetic retinopathy and/or development of macular oedema on at least one eye between the two examinations. Macular oedema was defined as retinal thickening and/or hard exudates within a diameter of 1,500 microm in the macula area. RESULTS: Diabetic retinopathy, mainly mild, was present in 11 (14%) women in early pregnancy. Median duration of diabetes was 3 years (range 0-16 years). At baseline, HbA(1c) was 6.4% (1.0) (mean [SD]), systolic BP 121 (13) and diastolic BP 72 (9) mmHg. Prior to pregnancy, 22 (28%) women had been on insulin treatment. During pregnancy 74 women (93%) were treated with insulin and 11 (14%) with antihypertensive medication. Progression of diabetic retinopathy was observed in 11 (14%) women. Progression was mainly mild, but one woman with poor glycaemic control and uncontrolled hypertension progressed from mild retinopathy to sight-threatening retinopathy with proliferations, clinically significant macular oedema and impaired vision in both eyes. Progression of diabetic retinopathy was associated with a longer duration of diabetes (p = 0.03) and insulin treatment before pregnancy (p = 0.004). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Despite a low risk of progression of retinopathy in pregnant women with type 2 diabetes, sight-threatening deterioration did occur.
Plasma cystatin-C and risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: Cystatin-C, a low molecular weight protein, is effectively applied to evaluate the risk of developing renal insufficiency, cardiovascular disorders, neural defects, and inflammatory states. However, the role of this biomarker to monitor different pregnancy-related complications remains controversial. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In the present study, we compared serum cystatin-C concentration between pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women to assess value of this biomarker to predict presence of GDM in these women. The study consisted of 60 consecutive pregnant women (30 women suffered GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women) enrolled in Afzalipour hospital in Kerman, Iran in 2012. Fasting blood sample was collected to perform measurements on plasma glucose, lipids, serum creatinine, and C-cystatin. Serum cystatin-C level was quantified using ELISA techniques. RESULTS: Unadjusted comparison of cystatin-C level between the two study group showed no significant discrepancy between them so that the level of this biomarker in GDM group was 593.00±204.81 mg/L and in healthy group was 531.67±87.52 mg/L (P=0.137); while in multivariable linear model with the presence of associated variables, GDM was a main determinant for increased level of cystatin-C (standardized beta of 0.355, P-value of 0.014). CONCLUSION: Gestational age was also identified to be another indicator of elevated cystatin-C. In final, our study showed that cystatin-C can be a reliable, useful and promising marker of GDM appearance in pregnant women.
Early Pregnancy Atherogenic Profile in a First Pregnancy and Hypertension Risk 2 to 7 Years After Delivery.; Background Cardiovascular risk in young adulthood is an important determinant of lifetime cardiovascular disease risk. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have increased cardiovascular risk, but the relationship of other factors is unknown. Methods and Results Among 4471 primiparous women, we related first-trimester atherogenic markers to risk of APO (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small for gestational age), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (130/80 mm Hg or antihypertensive use) 2 to 7 years after delivery. Women with an APO/GDM (n=1102) had more atherogenic characteristics (obesity [34.2 versus 19.5%], higher blood pressure [systolic blood pressure 112.2 versus 108.4, diastolic blood pressure 69.2 versus 66.6 mm Hg], glucose [5.0 versus 4.8 mmol/L], insulin [77.6 versus 60.1 pmol/L], triglycerides [1.4 versus 1.3 mmol/L], and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [5.6 versus 4.0 nmol/L], and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [1.8 versus 1.9 mmol/L]; P<0.05) than women without an APO/GDM. They were also more likely to develop hypertension after delivery (32.8% versus 18.1%, P<0.05). Accounting for confounders and factors routinely assessed antepartum, higher glucose (relative risk [RR] 1.03 [95% CI, 1.00-1.06] per 0.6 mmol/L), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (RR, 1.06 [95% CI, 1.02-1.11] per 2-fold higher), and triglycerides (RR, 1.27 [95% CI, 1.14-1.41] per 2-fold higher) were associated with later hypertension. Higher physical activity was protective (RR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.87-0.99] per 3 h/week). When evaluated as latent profiles, the nonobese group with higher lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and insulin values (6.9% of the cohort) had increased risk of an APO/GDM and later hypertension. Among these factors, 7% to 15% of excess RR was related to APO/GDM. Conclusions Individual and combined first-trimester atherogenic characteristics are associated with APO/GDM occurrence and hypertension 2 to 7 years later. Registration URL: https://www.clinicaltrials.gov; Unique identifier: NCT02231398.
The effects of metformin on maternal haemodynamics in gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major clinical challenge and is likely to remain so as the incidence of GDM continues to increase. AIM: To assess longitudinal changes in maternal haemodynamics amongst women diagnosed with GDM requiring either metformin or dietary intervention in comparison to low-risk healthy controls. METHODOLOGY: Fifty-six pregnant women attending their first appointment at the GDM clinic and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant controls attending their routine antenatal clinics were recruited and assigned to three groups: GDM Metformin (GDM-M), GDM Diet (GDM-D) and Control. Non-invasive assessment of maternal haemodynamics, using recognised measures of arterial stiffness and central blood pressure (Arteriograph®), were undertaken under controlled conditions within four gestational windows: antenatal; AN1 (26-28 weeks), AN2 (32-34 weeks) and AN3 (37-40 weeks), and postnatal (PN) (6-8 weeks after delivery). Data were analysed using a linear mixed model incorporating gestational age and other relevant predictors, including age, blood pressure (BP), baseline bodyweight and pulse as fixed effects, and patient as a random effect. RESULTS: Fitted linear mixed models showed evidence of a two-way interaction effect between groups (GDM-D, GDM-M and Control) and stages of gestation (AN1, AN2, AN3 and PN) for maternal haemodynamic parameters: brachial artery augmentation index (AIx) (p = 0.004), aortic AIx (p = 0.008), and central systolic BP (p = 0.001). However, differences in respect of aortic pulse wave velocity (p = 0.001) and heart rate (p < 0.001) were only significant for gestational stage. At AN2, we did not observe any evidence that the mean brachial Aix in the GDM-M was different from the control group (p = 0.158). CONCLUSION: AIx and central systolic BP measures of arterial stiffness are adversely affected by GDM in comparison to controls during pregnancy. The possible beneficial effects of metformin therapy seen at 32 to 34 weeks of gestation require further exploration.
Metabolic and vascular abnormalities in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes: the early start of a dangerous situation.; Various groups at risk for type 2 diabetes have been identified, including individuals with family history of type 2 diabetes, obesity, prior gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia and particularly those with pre-diabetes (impaired glucose tolerance and/or impaired fasting glucose). To various degrees, all these groups have also been identified with significant vascular abnormalities that range from endothelial dysfunction and low-grade or sub-clinical inflammation to evident atherosclerosis. The mechanisms involved in establishing a link between the risk of type 2 diabetes and vascular dysfunction are multiple and complex. The presence in the circulation of various cytokines, hormones and substrates associated with increased visceral fat and insulin resistance, the frequent appearance of associated cardiovascular risk factors and/or the possibility of some genetically determined intrinsic vascular abnormalities are all explanatory mechanisms that are being evaluated in clinical research. Whereas the possibility of appreciating a significant reduction in cardiovascular outcomes in long-term prospective clinical trials in all these groups at risk for type 2 diabetes is still lacking, understanding these mechanisms and recognizing how various interventions may improve vascular health is a worthwhile area of research that may translate into important clinical strategies to reduce the burden of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Epidemiology and Mechanisms of De Novo and Persistent Hypertension in the Postpartum Period.; BACKGROUND: The pathophysiology of hypertension in the immediate postpartum period is unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied 988 consecutive women admitted to a tertiary medical center for cesarean section of a singleton pregnancy. The angiogenic factors soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 and placental growth factor, both biomarkers associated with preeclampsia, were measured on antepartum blood samples. We then performed multivariable analyses to determine factors associated with the risk of developing postpartum hypertension. Of the 988 women, 184 women (18.6%) developed postpartum hypertension. Of the 184 women, 77 developed de novo hypertension in the postpartum period, and the remainder had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy in the antepartum period. A higher body mass index and history of diabetes mellitus were associated with the development of postpartum hypertension. The antepartum ratio of soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 to placental growth factor positively correlated with blood pressures in the postpartum period (highest postpartum systolic blood pressure [r=0.29, P<0.001] and diastolic blood pressure [r=0.28, P<0.001]). Moreover, the highest tertile of the antepartum ratio of soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 to placental growth factor was independently associated with postpartum hypertension (de novo hypertensive group: odds ratio, 2.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.19-4.25; P=0.01; in the persistent hypertensive group: odds ratio, 2.61; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-6.05; P=0.02) in multivariable analysis. Women developing postpartum hypertension had longer hospitalizations than those who remained normotensive (6.5±3.5 versus 5.7±3.4 days; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Hypertension in the postpartum period is relatively common and is associated with prolonged hospitalization. Women with postpartum hypertension have clinical risk factors and an antepartum plasma angiogenic profile similar to those found in women with preeclampsia. These data suggest that women with postpartum hypertension may represent a group of women with subclinical or unresolved preeclampsia.
Adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal dysfunction develops after pregnancy in rats born small or stressed by physiological measurements during pregnancy.; KEY POINTS: Women born small are at an increased risk of developing pregnancy complications. Stress may further increase a woman's likelihood for an adverse pregnancy. Adverse pregnancy adaptations can lead to long-term diseases even after her pregnancy. The current study investigated the effects of stress during pregnancy on the long-term adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal health of female rats that were born small. Stress programmed increased adrenal Mc2r gene expression, a higher insulin secretory response to glucose during intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (+36%) and elevated renal creatinine clearance after pregnancy. Females that were born small had increased homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and elevated systolic blood pressure after pregnancy, regardless of stress exposure. These findings suggest that being born small or being stressed during pregnancy programs long-term adverse health outcomes after pregnancy. However, stress in pregnancy does not exacerbate the long-term adverse health outcomes for females that were born small. ABSTRACT: Females born small are more likely to experience complications during their pregnancy, including pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. The risk of developing complications is increased by stress exposure during pregnancy. In addition, pregnancy complications may predispose the mother to diseases after pregnancy. We determined whether stress during pregnancy would exacerbate the adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal dysfunction of growth-restricted females in later life. Late gestation bilateral uterine vessel ligation was performed in Wistar Kyoto rats to induce growth restriction. At 4 months, growth-restricted and control female offspring were mated with normal males. Those allocated to the stressed group had physiological measurements [metabolic cage, tail cuff blood pressure, intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT)] conducted during pregnancy whilst the unstressed groups were unhandled. After the completion of pregnancy, dams were aged to 12 months and blood pressure, and metabolic and renal function were assessed. At 13 months, adrenal glands, pancreases and plasma were collected at post-mortem. Females stressed during pregnancy had increased adrenal Mc2r gene expression (+22%), higher insulin secretory response to glucose during IPGTT (+36%) and higher creatinine clearance (+29%, indicating increased estimated glomerular filtration rate). In contrast, females that were born small had increased homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (+54%), increased water intake (+23%), urine output (+44%) and elevated systolic blood pressure (+7%) regardless of exposure to stress. Our findings suggest that low maternal birth weight and maternal stress exposure during pregnancy are both independently detrimental for long-term adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal health of the mother, although their effects were not exacerbated.
Circulating Pro-Neurotensin in gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Pro-Neurotensin (NT), a stable surrogate parameter of NT, has recently been introduced as a peptide predicting the development of obesity, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, and cardiovascular mortality. However, regulation of Pro-NT in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains uninvestigated. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pro-NT was quantified in 74 women with GDM, 74 healthy, gestational age-matched, pregnant controls, as well as in a second cohort comprising of 74 healthy, non-pregnant control women, using a chemiluminometric sandwich immunoassay. Pro-NT was correlated to measures of obesity, hypertension, glucose and lipid metabolism, renal function, and inflammation. Mean ± standard deviation of circulating Pro-NT levels were not significantly different in women with GDM (100.2 ± 75.7 pmol/l) as compared to healthy, pregnant controls (103.2 ± 37.4 pmol/l) and healthy, non-pregnant female controls (105.9 ± 38.9 pmol/l) (p = 0.661). Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and creatinine positively correlated with serum Pro-NT in multivariate regression analysis. In contrast, free fatty acids (FFA) were inversely correlated with circulating Pro-NT. Results sustained adjustment for pregnancy status. CONCLUSIONS: Circulating Pro-NT is not independently associated with GDM, but is with HOMA-IR, creatinine, and FFA even after adjustment for pregnancy status.
Circulating Betatrophin Levels and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The association between circulating betatrophin levels and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is controversial. The aim of our study was to systematically review available literature linking betatrophin to GDM for a comprehensive understanding of the relationship between circulating betatrophin levels and GDM in human. METHODS: PubMed, The Cochrane Library, Medline and CNKI were searched for studies published up to August 2016. Manual searches of references of the relevant original studies were conducted. Pooled estimates were measured using the fixed or random effect model. Overall effect was reported in a standard mean difference (SMD). All data were analyzed with Review Manager 5.3 and Stata 12.0. RESULTS: Of 25 references reviewed, 8 studies met our inclusion criteria and contributed to meta-analysis. All the studies were used to evaluate the relationship between betatrophin levels in blood and GDM. Betatrophin levels were significantly elevated in women with GDM compared with those without GDM (SMD = 1.05; 95% CI: 0.41-1.68, P = 0.001). This evidence was more consistent among women with betatrophin blood draw during the third trimester (SMD = 1.3, 95% CI: 1-1.61, P < 0.001) and for women BMI ≥ 28 kg/m2 (SMD = 1.53, 95% CI: 1.30-1.75, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The evidences from this meta-analysis indicated that the levels of circulating betatrophin were significantly elevated among women with GDM compared with women with normal glucose tolerance, especially with BMI ≥ 28 kg/m2 and in the third trimester.
Changes in miR 21 and 23b expression in postnatal hypertrophic heart derived from gestational diabetes precede dilated cardiomyopathy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of fetal congenital ventricular hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). We explored the effects and mechanisms of the postnatal progression of fetal hypertrophic failure in rat pups with STZ-induced Gestational Diabetes (GD). The hearts of rat pups (newborn [NB], 8, 15, 25 and 35 days postnatal) were obtained. Histological characteristics and expression of collagen were evaluated. In-gel-gelatin zymography for MMP-9 activation was performed. Adrenergic receptors (α2AR and β3AR), myosins (Myc6 and Myc7), Bcl-2 and Bax mRNA expression were quantified by qRT-PCR. Fetal hypertrophy of the left ventricular lateral wall (LVLW) in rat pups with DG persists until day 8, although this process appears to be reversed during the postnatal stage. The temporal continuity of the study demonstrated a thinning of the ventricular wall, similar to dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM). This ventricular remodeling process is associated with the expression of β3 adrenergic receptors and miR-21, -23b. The Bax/Bcl2 ratio was significantly reduced only at early ages. In addition, the increase in interstitial space in all ages, as well as the predominance of early ages expression of Col2 and increased expression of Col3, MMP-9 and Cx43 in late ages, is the result of an active extracellular remodeling in the hearts of rat pups with GD.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy play as spouse-pair risk factors of diabetes and hypertension: Insights from Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study.; BACKGROUND: Complicated pregnancies by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) are relatively common worldwide. The evidence is still inconclusive regarding the role of GDM and HDP as spousal risk factor of diabetes (DM) and hypertension (HTN). This study aimed to determine the spousal risk of development of DM and/or HTN in the context of GDM and/or HDP. METHODS: This population-based cohort study involved couples who participated in Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study. A total of 3650 pairs of spouses were identified, and among them, 2820 met the inclusion criteria. Included participants, followed up 3-year intervals visits from 1999 to 2018. All pairs underwent standard data collection. GDM and HDP were the main exposure of interest in females, and DM and HTN were the main outcomes in both females and their spouses. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used for both females and their spouses, adjusting for age, consanguinity, waist-to-height ratio, physical activity, smoking, and parity. RESULTS: Of 2820 females, 558 (19.79 %) had histories of GDM or HDP, and 72 (2.55 %) experienced both. Among females who experienced GDM and HDP, 24 (33 %) and 31 (33 %) developed DM and HTN during the follow-up. The corresponding numbers were 89 (16 %) and 191 (34 %) for those who experienced GDM or HPD, and 274 (13 %) and 623 (28 %) for the non-risk factors group. The incidences of DM were 9 (12 %), 100 (18 %), and 373 (17 %) for males whose spouses experienced both GDM and HDP, either one or none of them, respectively. Among males in these groups, 20 (28 %), 150 (27 %), and 630 (29 %) developed HTN, respectively. Females who never had history of GDM and HDP have 34 % (95 % CI: 21, 45) less hazard of being diabetic than their spouses if they have the same age and waist to hip ratio. In cases with histories of both GDM and HDP, the risk of females increases to 3.05 (95 % CI: 1.43, 6.52) times of their spouses. Also, females who had experienced GDM (HR: 3.51, 95 % CI: 2.23, 5.53), or HDP (HR: 2.80, 95 % CI: 1.72, 4.56) were at higher risk of developing DM compared with females who never had GDM or HDP. We found that females with neither GDM nor HDP were more likely than males to be hypertensive in the future by the hazard ratio of 1.21 (95 % CI: 1.06, 1.39). CONCLUSIONS: Complicated pregnancies by GDM and/or HDP were associated with increased risk of development DM and HTN in later life of females and their spouses. Further studies are required to confirm these results. Preventive care programs should be considered pregnancy complications as couple-based risk factors for subsequent DM and HTN.
Ultrasound measurements of umbilical cord transverse area in normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: A voluminous umbilical cord has been described in diabetic pregnancies. The aim of this studywas to see if measurements of cord diameters might be of value in the evaluation of diabetic pregnancies and especially those suspected of a large for gestational age (LGA) fetus. METHODS: In an observational, prospective study umbilical cord areas and vessel diameters were measured between gestational age of 22 and 40 weeks in transverse ultrasound images of the central part of the cord in 141 normal and 135 diabetic pregnancies of which 30 were suspected of being LGA. Wharton's jelly area was calculated by subtracting the vessel area from the total transverse cord area. Normal reference curves were constructed for gestational age. RESULTS: Umbilical cord and Wharton's jelly areas increased with gestation. The vessel area leveled out at 32-33 weeks of gestation and the umbilical vein area decreased after 36 weeks of gestation. The umbilical cord parameters in diabetic pregnancies did not differ from controls. Cord areas were enlarged in 1/3 of the LGA fetuses. CONCLUSION: Umbilical cord area measurements are of limited value for the evaluation of diabetic pregnancies suspected having a LGA-fetus.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46-A birth cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. RESULTS: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m(2) vs 26.3 kg/m(2), p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life.
ATLANTIC DIP: Insulin Therapy for Women With IADPSG-Diagnosed Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. Does It Work?; INTRODUCTION: Approximately 40% of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed using International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG) criteria require insulin therapy. OBJECTIVE: We assessed whether the outcomes for women with GDM treated with insulin are comparable to women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective cohort study included 752 women with insulin-treated GDM and 2496 women with NGT during pregnancy. Maternal and fetal outcomes were examined. RESULTS: Infants of women with insulin-treated GDM had rates of macrosomia [adjusted odds ratio (aOR), 1.19; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.87 to 1.63; P = 0.26], large for gestational age (LGA) (aOR, 1.07; 95% CI, 0.77 to 1.47; P = 0.67), and small for gestational age (SGA) (aOR, 0.70; 95% CI, 0.38 to 1.38; P = 0.26) similar to women with NGT. They were more likely to be hypoglycemic at birth (aOR, 6.85; 95% CI, 2.31 to 20.28; P < 0.01) and to require neonatal intensive care unit care (NICU) (aOR, 12.09; 95% CI, 8.72 to 16.76; P < 0.01), predominantly for nonmedical reasons. Maternal rates of hypertensive disorders (preeclampsia: aOR, 0.64; 95% CI, 0.34 to 1.12; P = 0.17; pregnancy-induced hypertension: aOR, 1.11; 95% CI, 0.74 to 1.66; P = 0.60) and hemorrhage (ante partum hemorrhage: aOR, 0.56; 95% CI, 0.19 to 1.58; P = 0.27; postpartum hemorrhage: aOR, 1.17; 95% CI, 0.68 to 2.03; P = 0.55) were similar between groups, but the risk of polyhydramnios was increased in the GDM cohort (aOR, 7.75; 95% CI, 3.96 to 15.16; P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Insulin treatment of IADPSG-diagnosed GDM results in rates of macrosomia, LGA, SGA, and maternal hypertensive disorders similar to those of women with NGT. Although NICU admissions are greater in the GDM cohort, they are primarily for nonmedical reasons. Neonatal hypoglycemia and polyhydramnios remain greater among women with insulin-treated GDM.
Altered maternal metabolism during mild gestational hyperglycemia as a predictor of adverse perinatal outcomes: A comprehensive analysis.; Mild gestational hyperglycemia (MGH), as assessed using the normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and detection of an altered glycemic profile, is associated with adverse perinatal outcome. This study described the results of 40 years of research conducted at the Perinatal Diabetes Research Centre at São Paulo State University (UNESP), Brazil, on the maternal MGH environment and placental markers. This study also described the unidirectional relationship between MGH and excessive fetal growth, also supplying moderator analysis. In addition to hyperglycemia, MGH is associated with an increased incidence of hypertension, metabolic syndrome, persistent insulin resistance after pregnancy, and high risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) after pregnancy. Structural changes and functional abnormalities resulting from MGH were observed in placenta. The fully adjusted model concluded that the predictor variable (MGH), which creates a complex environment for the fetus, has a direct effect on excessive birth weight and produces a z-score for ratios of birth weight to gestational age of ≥2. Maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, number of previous pregnancies, numbers of prenatal visits, and 1 h OGTT are moderator variables that impact MGH and excessive fetal growth. These results show that maternal MGH has some characteristics associated with similar long-term T2DM development and similar adverse perinatal results to those of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers, making it an intermediate maternal and placental marker between normoglycemic and GDM mothers.
Altered pancreas remodeling following glucose intolerance in pregnancy in mice.; Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of dysglycemia postpartum, in part, due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction. However, no histological evidence exists comparing endocrine pancreas after healthy and glucose-intolerant pregnancies. This study sought to address this knowledge gap, in addition to exploring the contribution of an inflammatory environment to changes in endocrine pancreas after parturition. We used a previously established mouse model of gestational glucose intolerance induced by dietary low protein insult from conception until weaning. Pancreas and adipose samples were collected at 7, 30 and 90 days postpartum for histomorphometric and cytokine analyses, respectively. Glucose tolerance tests were performed prior to euthanasia and blood was collected via cardiac puncture. Pregnant female mice born to dams fed a low protein diet previously shown to develop glucose intolerance at late gestation relative to controls continued to be glucose intolerant until 1 month postpartum. However, glucose tolerance normalized by 3 months postpartum. Glucose intolerance at 7 days postpartum was associated with lower beta- and alpha-cell fractional areas and higher adipose levels of pro-inflammatory cytokine, interleukin-6. By 3 months postpartum, a compensatory increase in the number of small islets and a higher insulin to glucagon ratio likely enabled euglycemia to be attained in the previously glucose-intolerant mice. The results show that impairments in endocrine pancreas compensation in hyperglycemic pregnancy persist after parturition and contribute to prolonged glucose intolerance. These impairments may increase the susceptibility to development of future type 2 diabetes.
The fetal and maternal consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes that presents during pregnancy and usually disappears shortly after a woman gives birth. Better recognition of the risk factors of GDM, combined with more universal screening for the disease in many countries, has led to the increased detection of GDM along with other forms of pregestational diabetes. There is growing evidence that GDM significantly increases the risk of a number of short- and long-term adverse consequences for the fetus and mother, the most significant of which is a predisposition to the development of metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes. Maternal and childhood obesity as well as cardiovascular disease are also potential long-term consequences of GDM. On the other hand, there is a growing body of evidence suggesting that the risk of many of these consequences can be significantly reduced or eliminated by aggressive treatment of GDM. There remains, however, a great deal of controversy over when to begin screening for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and at what level of hyperglycemia should aggressive intervention be initiated.
Clinical value of detecting microalbuminuria as a risk factor for pregnancy-induced hypertension in insulin-treated diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the role of clinical non-overt stage III diabetic nephropathy concerning the development of more frequent hypertensive complications during pregnancies of women requiring insulin. METHODS: 122 unselected pregnant women treated with insulin were enrolled in the study, of whom 56 were type-1 diabetic patients and 66 patients had gestational diabetes. In 24-h urine samples, excretion rates of albumin (UAE) and beta(2)-microglobulin were determined by nephelometric analysis and a radioimmunoassay, respectively. These parameters were also measured in the serum as well as HbA(1c), fructosamine and daily blood glucose profiles. RESULTS: Sixteen (15.7%) women had an elevated UAE (>30 mg/24 h), of whom three had macroalbuminuria (UAE>300 mg/24 h). Thirteen (12.7%) insulin-treated women showed microalbuminuria during pregnancy, eight with type-1 diabetes and five with gestational diabetes requiring insulin. In the entire group hypertension was observed in seven (6.9%) women of whom six had microalbuminuria. The sensitivity and specificity were 85.7% and 92.6%, respectively. The positive predictive value reached 46.2%, whereas the negative predictive value was 98.9%. CONCLUSION: Measurement of UAE in diabetic pregnancies seems to be an useful additional parameter for risk evaluation of hypertensive disorders.
Relative glucose tolerance and subsequent development of hypertension in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that relative carbohydrate tolerance, an indicator of insulin resistance, predicts subsequent risk for hypertension of pregnancy among previously normoglycemic, normotensive women. METHODS: We conducted a nested case-control study in women enrolled at a large Colorado urban health maintenance organization. Subjects were previously healthy pregnant women who tested abnormal on their initial 50-g glucose screens and subsequently completed 3-hour, 100-g oral glucose tolerance tests. Cases were 54 previously normotensive women who subsequently developed hypertension and controls were 51 subjects with normotensive pregnancies, matched to cases on parity. Subjects diagnosed with gestational diabetes (17 cases, six controls) were excluded from the main analyses. RESULTS: Among the 82 normoglycemic women (45 controls, 37 cases, 13 preeclampsia, 24 gestational hypertension), mean post-load glucose levels and total glucose area under the curve were significantly higher in cases than in controls (P < or =.04) and were positively correlated with peak mean arterial pressure. After adjustment for potential confounders, 2-hour post-load glucose levels remained strongly related to risk for hypertension (adjusted odds ratios = 1.48; 95% confidence interval 1.13, 1.92, per 10 mg/dL increase) and to peak mean arterial blood pressure (r =.23, P =.04), as did total glucose area under the curve (P < or =.04). Cases were also more likely to have had one abnormal glucose tolerance test (28% versus 5%, P =.004). Stratifying analyses by case severity (preeclampsia and gestational hypertension) yielded similar results. Among all subjects, more cases than controls were also diagnosed with gestational diabetes (31% versus 12%, P =.008). CONCLUSION: These findings are consistent with the hypothesis that insulin resistance precedes the clinical onset of hypertension in pregnancy, and may be important in the etiology of hypertension.
Use of placental vascularization indices and uterine artery peak systolic velocity in early detection of pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia at risk.; AIM: We aimed to investigate correlations between uterine artery peak systolic velocity (AUtPSV), and placental vascularization in groups of normal blood pressure (NBP) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (chronic hypertension (CHT), gestational hypertension (GHT) and preeclampsia (PE)) alone or in combination with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and hypothesized that AUtPSV rises when GDM complicates pregnancy hypertension. METHODS: Placental 3-dimensional power Doppler indices, such as vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization-flow index (VFI), and uterine artery peak systolic velocity (AUtPSV) were measured in CHT (N=43), CHT+GDM (N=15), GHT (N=57), GHT+GDM (N=23) and PE (N=17) pregnancies, and compared to NBP (N=109). Correlations were analyzed between vascularization indices, AUtPSV, pregestational BMI and adverse pregnancy outcome rates. RESULTS: In our results VI was higher in CHT (P=0.010), while FI was lower in CHT (P=0.009), GHT and PE (P=0.001) compared to NBP. In case of VFI, significant difference was found between CHT and GHT (P=0.002), and NBP and PE (P=0.001). FI was found prognostic for umbilical pH and neonatal birth weight. Pre-gestational BMI was significantly higher in GHT+GDM compared to GHT, and in CHT+GDM compared to the CHT group. As for AUtPSV, significant difference was found between NBP and CHT (P=0.012), NBP and CHT+GDM (P=0.045), NBP and GHT+GDM (P=0.007), NBP and PE (P=0.032), and GHT and GHT+GDM (P=0.048) groups. CONCLUSION: Our study revealed that vascularization indices and AUtPSV show significant differences due to gestational pathology, and can be useful in detection of pregnancies at risk.
Introduction of IADPSG criteria for the screening and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus results in improved pregnancy outcomes at a lower cost in a large cohort of pregnant women: the St. Carlos Gestational Diabetes Study.; OBJECTIVE: The use of the new International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria (IADPSGC) for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) results in an increased prevalence of GDM. Whether their introduction improves pregnancy outcomes has yet to be established. We sought to evaluate the cost-effectiveness of one-step IADPSGC for screening and diagnosis of GDM compared with traditional two-step Carpenter-Coustan (CC) criteria. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: GDM risk factors and pregnancy and newborn outcomes were prospectively assessed in 1,750 pregnant women from April 2011 to March 2012 using CC and in 1,526 pregnant women from April 2012 to March 2013 using IADPSGC between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Both groups received the same treatment and follow-up regimes. RESULTS: The use of IADPSGC resulted in an important increase in GDM rate (35.5% vs. 10.6%) and an improvement in pregnancy outcomes, with a decrease in the rate of gestational hypertension (4.1 to 3.5%: -14.6%, P < 0.021), prematurity (6.4 to 5.7%: -10.9%, P < 0.039), cesarean section (25.4 to 19.7%: -23.9%, P < 0.002), small for gestational age (7.7 to 7.1%: -6.5%, P < 0.042), large for gestational age (4.6 to 3.7%: -20%, P < 0.004), Apgar 1-min score <7 (3.8 to 3.5%: -9%, P < 0.015), and admission to neonatal intensive care unit (8.2 to 6.2%: -24.4%, P < 0.001). Estimated cost savings was of €14,358.06 per 100 women evaluated using IADPSGC versus the group diagnosed using CC. CONCLUSIONS: The application of the new IADPSGC was associated with a 3.5-fold increase in GDM prevalence in our study population, as well as significant improvements in pregnancy outcomes, and was cost-effective. Our results support their adoption.
Patients with IVF complicated by moderate-to-critical OHSS experience increased thrombosis, GDM and neonatal NICU admission but slightly shorter gestation compared with matched IVF counterparts: A retrospective Chinese cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) is a common disease during controlled ovarian hyperstimulation treatment. However, the obstetric and neonatal outcomes of this group of patients are unknown. The aim of this study was to explore the effects of late moderate-to-critical OHSS on obstetric and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: This prospective observational study included 17,537 patients who underwent IVF/ICSI-fresh embryo transfer (ET) between June 2012 and July 2016 and met the inclusion criteria, including 7,064 eligible patients diagnosed with clinical pregnancy. Ultimately, 6,356 patients were allocated to the control group, and 385 patients who were hospitalized and treated at the center for late moderate-to-critical OHSS were allocated to the OHSS group. Then, propensity score matching analysis was performed, matching nine maternal baseline covariates and the number of multiple gestations; 385 patients with late moderate-to-critical OHSS were compared with a matched control group of 1,540 patients. The primary outcomes were the live birth rate, preterm delivery rate, miscarriage rate, gestational age at birth (weeks), obstetric complications and neonatal complications. RESULTS: The duration of gestation in the matched control group was significantly higher than that in the OHSS group. The live birth delivery rate did not significantly differ between the OHSS and matched control groups. The incidence rates of the obstetric complications venous thrombosis (VT) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), neonatal complications and the number of neonates admitted to the NICU were significantly higher in the OHSS group than in the matched control group. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women undergoing IVF with fresh ET whose course is complicated by late moderate-to-critical OHSS appear to experience shortened gestation and increased obstetrical and neonatal complications compared with matched controls whose course is not complicated by OHSS. However, the live birth rate, average neonatal weight, and incidence rates of premature delivery, miscarriage, early abortion, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP), placenta previa (PP), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), and low neonatal birth weight (LBW) did not differ significantly between the two groups.
Associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with alterations in cardiovascular system in early childhood.; AIMS: The association of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with childhood cardiovascular alterations is not well established. This study aims to test the hypothesis that prenatal exposure to GDM is associated with vascular and cardiac alterations in early childhood. METHODS: In a population-based prospective cohort among 1094 mothers and their offspring, GDM was diagnosed according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound were performed using standardised methods at 4 years old. The associations between maternal GDM and childhood cardiovascular outcomes were modelled using linear regression and binary logistic regression. Mediation analysis was conducted to test the potential mediators. RESULTS: Maternal GDM was associated with higher systolic BP (SBP; β, 1.20; [0.11, 2.28]), lower left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD; β, -0.36; [-0.71, -0.01]), lower end-diastolic volume (EDV; β, -1.42; [-2.71, -0.13]) and increased risk of high blood pressure (HBP, OR = 1.522; 95% CI, 1.023 to 2.264) in offspring at the age of 4 years. After stratification by sex, the association remained strong only in male offspring (SBP: β, 1.94; [0.37, 3.51]; LVEDD: β, -0.60; [-1.09, -0.12]; EDV: β, -2.09; [-3.86, -0.31]; HBP: OR = 1.797; 95% CI, 1.063 to 3.037) and was independent of maternal and child characteristics. However, carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) was not associated with maternal GDM. Mediation analysis showed that the effects on childhood cardiovascular alterations were attributable mostly to the direct effects of maternal GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Our results provide evidence that maternal GDM is associated with offspring cardiovascular adaptations at preschool age. Further studies are needed to replicate our results and the long-term effect of these adaptations on later cardiovascular risks needs further investigation.
Relationships between early-life family poverty and relative socioeconomic status with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy later in life.; PURPOSE: Low early-life absolute and relative socioeconomic status (SES) may contribute to socioeconomic disparities in pregnancy complications (i.e., gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], preeclampsia/eclampsia [PE], hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP; preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, chronic hypertension]), but their independent associations with pregnancy complications have not been studied. This study investigated associations of early-life poverty and relative SES with risks of GDM, PE, and HDP. METHODS: National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health data were used (GDM n = 802; PE n = 813; HDP n = 801). Objective poverty was defined as wave I low-income or receipt of federal nutrition assistance benefits. Relative SES was self-reported at wave V (ages 33-39) by asking whether the participant's family was financially worse off than average when growing up. Logistic regressions assessed relationships between poverty, relative SES, and self-reported lifetime diagnoses of GDM, PE, or HDP. RESULTS: Lifetime prevalences of GDM, PE, and HDP were 9.23%, 12.00%, and 21.93%, respectively. Low relative SES (odds ratio: 2.04 [1.07, 3.89]) and poverty (odds ratio: 1.81 [0.97, 3.38]) were independently associated with GDM but not with PE or HDP. CONCLUSIONS: Early-life poverty and relative SES are associated with GDM; understanding the mechanisms underlying these associations may help identify novel intervention targets to reduce socioeconomic disparities in GDM.
Effect of bariatric surgery on pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the perinatal outcomes of women who delivered before with women who delivered after bariatric surgery. METHODS: A retrospective study was undertaken to compare perinatal outcomes of women who delivered before with women who delivered after bariatric surgery in a tertiary medical center between 1988 and 2006. A multivariate logistic regression model was constructed to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period, 301 deliveries preceded bariatric surgery and 507 followed surgery. A significant reduction in rates of diabetes mellitus (17.3% vs 11.0; P=0.009), hypertensive disorders (23.6% vs 11.2%; P<0.001), and fetal macrosomia (7.6% vs 3.2%; P=0.004) were noted after bariatric surgery. Bariatric surgery was found to be independently associated with a reduction in diabetes mellitus (OR 0.42, 95% CI 0.26-0.67; P<0.001), hypertensive disorders (OR 0.38, 95% CI 0.25-0.59; P<0.001), and fetal macrosomia (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.21-0.94; P=0.033). CONCLUSION: A decrease in maternal complications, such as diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders, as well as a decrease in the rate of fetal macrosomia is achieved following bariatric surgery.
Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study: an observational study of long-term health consequences of gestational diabetes, their determinants and underlying mechanisms in the USA and Denmark.; PURPOSE: Women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at exceptionally high-risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. However, limited information is available about genetic and environmental factors that are implicated in the progression from GDM to T2DM. PARTICIPANTS: The Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study applied a hybrid design, which combined new prospective data collection with existing data in two prospective cohorts, the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC) and the Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II). In total, the DWH Study identified 7759 women with a GDM diagnosis from both cohorts; 4457 women participated in the DWH Study data collection, which included two cycles of follow-up from 2012 to 2014 and 2014 to 2016. FINDINGS TO DATE: Progression from GDM to T2DM was high. In the NHS II group, by 2013, 23.1% (n=846/3667) developed T2DM. In the DNBC group, at cycle 1 (2012-2014), the progression rate was even higher: 27.2% (n=215/790) had developed T2DM. Furthermore, we have shown that women who had GDM experienced a significantly greater risk of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases, as well as early stages of glomerular hyperfiltration and renal damage. Moreover, the DWH Study findings have shown that healthful diet and lifestyle factors and weight control were related to a lower risk of T2DM, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. FUTURE PLANS: Primary data collection for the DWH Study is complete and investigators are currently investigating interactions of the abovementioned modifiable factors with T2DM genetic susceptibility in determining the risk of progression from GDM to T2DM. Findings from ongoing work will provide further insights for identifying more precise prevention strategies for T2DM and comorbidities in this high-risk population. Future work will examine novel biomarkers of health and disease in this cohort.
Gestational diabetes alters the fetal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test: a fetal magnetocardiography study.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) potentially harms the child before birth. We previously found GDM to be associated with developmental changes in the central nervous system. We now hypothesise that GDM may also impact on the fetal autonomic nervous system under metabolic stress like an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). DESIGN: We measured heart rate variability (HRV) of mothers and fetuses during a three-point OGTT using fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG). SETTING: Measurements were performed in the fMEG Centre in Tübingen. POPULATION: After exclusion of 23 participants, 13 pregnant women with GDM and 36 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were examined. METHODS: All women underwent the same examination setting with OGTT during which fMCG was recorded three times. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Parameters of heart rate variability were measured. RESULTS: Compared with mothers with normal glucose regulation, mothers with GDM showed increased heart rate but no significant differences of maternal HRV. In contrast, HRV in fetuses of mothers with GDM differed from those in the metabolically healthy group regarding standard deviation normal to normal beat (SDNN) (P = 0.012), low-frequency band (P = 0.008) and high-frequency band (P = 0.031). These HRV parameters exhibit a decrease only in GDM fetuses during the second hour of the OGTT. CONCLUSIONS: These results show an altered response of the fetal autonomic nervous system to metabolic stress in GDM-complicated pregnancies. Hence, disturbances in maternal glucose metabolism might not only impact on the central nervous system of the fetus but may also affect the fetal autonomic nervous system. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Metabolic stress reveals a different response of fetal autonomic nervous system in GDM-complicated pregnancies.
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Bangladesh: Findings from Demographic Health Survey 2017-2018.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has serious consequences for both maternal and neonatal health. The growing number of noncommunicable diseases and related risk factors as well as the introduction of new World Health Organization (WHO) diagnostic criteria for GDM are likely to impact the GDM prevalence in Bangladesh. Our study aimed to assess the national prevalence and identify the risk factors using the most recent WHO criteria. We used the secondary data of 272 pregnant women (weighted for sampling strategy) from the Bangladesh Demographic and Health Survey 2017-2018. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to determine the risk factors of GDM. The overall prevalence of GDM in Bangladesh was 35% (95/272). Increased odds of GDM were observed among women living in the urban areas (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.74, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.43-5.27) compared to rural areas and those aged ≥25 years (aOR 2.03, 95% CI 1.13-3.65). GDM rates were less prevalent in the later weeks of pregnancy compared to early weeks. Our study demonstrates that the national prevalence of GDM in Bangladesh is very high, which warrants immediate attention of policy makers, health practitioners, public health researchers, and the community. Context-specific and properly tailored interventions are needed for the prevention and early diagnosis of GDM.
Increased Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a Low-Risk Cohort: Evidence From 47 874 Cases.; The recommendations for the diagnosis of stage 1 hypertension were recently revised by the American Heart Association primarily based on its impact on cardiovascular disease risks. Whether the newly diagnosed stage 1 hypertension impacts pregnancy complications remain poorly defined. We designed a retrospective cohort study to investigate the associations of stage 1 hypertension detected in early gestation (<20 weeks) with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes stratified by prepregnancy body mass index. A total of 47 874 women with singleton live births and blood pressure (BP) <140/90 mm Hg were included, with 5781 identified as stage 1a (systolic BP, 130-134 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 80-84 mm Hg; or both) and 3267 as stage 1b hypertension (systolic BP, 135-139 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 85-90 mm Hg; or both). Slightly higher, yet significant, rates and risks of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight (<2500 g) were observed in both groups compared with normotensive controls. Importantly, women with stage 1a and stage 1b hypertension had significantly increased incidences of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy compared with normotensive women (adjusted odds ratio, 2.34 [95% CI, 2.16-2.53]; 3.05 [2.78-3.34], respectively). After stratifying by body mass index, stage 1a and 1b hypertension were associated with increased hypertensive disorders in pregnancy risks in both normal weight (body mass index, 18.5-24.9; adjusted odds ratio, 2.44 [2.23-2.67]; 3.26 [2.93-3.63]) and the overweight/obese (body mass index, ≥25; adjusted odds ratio, 1.90 [1.56-2.31]; 2.36 [1.92-2.90]). Current findings suggested significantly increased adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with stage 1 hypertension based on the revised American Heart Association guidelines, especially in women with prepregnancy normal weight.
Cardiovascular biomarkers in pregnancy with diabetes and associations to glucose control.; AIM: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in both men and women. Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus (DM1 and DM2) are well-known risk factors for CVD. In addition, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a female sex-specific risk factor for CVD. Here, we measure circulating concentrations of cardiac troponin T (cTNT), N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) during pregnancy-a window of time often referred to as a cardiovascular stress test for women. METHODS: This study utilized data from 384 pregnant women: 64 with DM1, 16 with DM2, 35 with GDM and 269 euglycemic controls. Blood was predominantly sampled within a week before delivery. Cardiovascular biomarker concentrations were measured in serum using electrochemiluminescence immunoassay. RESULT: Circulating cTnT levels were higher in women with DM1, DM2 and GDM as compared to controls, whereas NT-proBNP and GDF-15 levels were only increased in women with DM1. Glucose dysregulation, assessed by third trimester HbA1c levels, positively correlated with all three CVD biomarker levels, whereas pregestational body mass index correlated negatively with GDF-15. CONCLUSIONS: Our results support the presence of myocardial affection in women with diabetic disorders during pregnancy. Although pregestational DM1 in this study was associated with the most adverse CVD biomarker profile, women with GDM displayed an adverse cTnT profile similar to what we found in women with pregestational DM2. This supports that women with GDM should be offered long-term intensified cardiovascular follow-up and lifestyle advice following delivery, similarly to the well-established CV follow-up of women with pregestational DM.
Circulating levels of placental protein 12 (PP 12) in diabetic pregnancy complicated by retinopathy.; Placental protein 12 (PP 12) is a soluble tissue antigen. Immunohistochemical studies have localized PP 12 in the placental syncytiotrophoblast, chorion and amnion, and also in the decidua. During normal pregnancy serum-PP 12 is already raised in the first trimester, there is then a peak at 18 weeks, a gradual fall until 32 weeks, and a moderate increase thereafter. The mean of the healthy control group at 18 weeks of pregnancy was 122.9 +/- 47.5 micrograms/l. The mean of the diabetic group with retinopathy at the same time was 192.2 +/- 78.8 micrograms/l. There was no significant difference between background retinopathy and the proliferative form of diabetic retinopathy. At all times during pregnancy the median values of PP 12 in diabetic pregnancies were significantly (p less than 0.01) above the control values. Increased PP 12 levels in diabetic pregnancy complicated by retinopathy are probably caused by decidual, placental and amniotic leakages.
Human Cord Blood Endothelial Progenitor Cells and Pregnancy Complications (Preeclampsia, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and Fetal Growth Restriction).; Hemangioblasts give rise to endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), which also express the cell surface markers CD133 and c-kit. They may differentiate into the outgrowth endothelial cells (OECs) that control neovascularization in the developing embryo. According to numerous studies, reduced levels of EPCs in circulation have been linked to human cardiovascular disorders. Furthermore, preeclampsia and senescence have been linked to levels of EPCs produced from cord blood. Uncertainties surround how preeclampsia affects the way EPCs function. It is reasonable to speculate that preeclampsia may have an impact on the function of fetal EPCs during the in utero period; however, the present literature suggests that maternal vasculopathies, including preeclampsia, damage fetal circulation. Additionally, the differentiation potential and general activity of EPCs may serve as an indicator of the health of the fetal vascular system as they promote neovascularization and repair during pregnancy. Thus, the purpose of this review is to compare-through the assessment of their quantity, differentiation potency, angiogenic activity, and senescence-the angiogenic function of fetal EPCs obtained from cord blood for normal and pregnancy problems (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and fetal growth restriction). This will shed light on the relationship between the angiogenic function of fetal EPCs and pregnancy complications, which could have an effect on the management of long-term health issues like metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in offspring with abnormal vasculature development.
Subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; CONTEXT: A history of gestational diabetes (GDM) significantly increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is not known whether nondiabetic women with prior GDM are also at increased risk of CVD. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to compare biochemical and hemodynamic surrogate markers of CVD in nondiabetic women with and without a history of GDM who were at least 1 yr post delivery. DESIGN: This was a single center cross-sectional study. SETTING: The study was performed in an academic referral center. SUBJECTS: Forty-eight premenopausal healthy women with a history of GDM (n = 25) or a history of normal pregnancy (n = 23) were studied in the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measures were: 1) inflammatory markers associated with CVD including C-reactive protein, IL-6, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; 2) the adipokine adiponectin; and 3) conduit vessel stiffness. RESULTS: When compared to normal controls, women with prior GDM had higher mean levels of C-reactive protein (3.58 +/- 3.86 vs. 0.52 +/- 0.16 mg/liter; P < 0.001), IL-6 (1.81 +/- 1.04 vs. 0.99 +/- 0.52 pg/ml; P = 0.001), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (29.6 +/- 17.6 vs. 16.5 +/- 14.0 ng/ml; P = 0.001), and lower levels of adiponectin (8.9 +/- 3.9 vs. 15.9 +/- 7.3 microg/ml; P = 0.001). Women with prior GDM also had significantly (P </= 0.04) increased peripheral vascular resistance (1658 +/- 290 vs. 1462 +/- 340 dyne.sec/cm(5)), decreased stroke volume (65 +/- 13 vs. 75 +/- 14 ml/beat), and decreased cardiac output (70 +/- 12 vs. 74 +/- 13 ml/sec) when compared to controls, after adjusting for body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: Nondiabetic women with prior GDM have evidence of subclinical inflammation, hypoadiponectinemia, and early vascular dysfunction; this population may be at increased risk of developing CVD.
ADRB1 as a potential target for gene therapy of pregnancy induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus.; Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) do not cause any problems with recognition; however, their pathophysiologies are still not explained. Yet many authors suggest that adrenergic β-1 receptor (ADRB1) plays a crucial role. The aim of this study was to evaluate the transcription activity of ADRB1 by using real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in placenta from normal pregnancies and from PIH and GDM. Obtained findings demonstrated a significant increase in ADRB1 mRNA expression in the examined groups in comparison to the control (p = 0.03). Our data indicate a potential perspective of ADRB1 suppression gene therapy in the treatment of PIH and GDM.
Exposure to maternal diabetes induces endothelial dysfunction and hypertension in adult male rat offspring.; The adverse environment in early life can modulate adult phenotype, including blood pressure. Our previous study shows, in a rat streptozotocin (STZ)-induced maternal diabetes model, fetal exposure to maternal diabetes is characterized by established hypertension in the offspring. However, the exact mechanisms are not known. Our present study found, as compared with male control mother offspring (CMO), male diabetic mother offspring (DMO) had higher blood pressure with arterial dysfunction, i.e., decreased acetylcholine (Ach)-induced vasodilation. But there is no difference in blood pressure between female CMO and DMO. The decreased Ach-induced vasodilation was related to decreased nitric oxide (NO) production in the endothelium, not NO sensitivity in vascular smooth muscle because sodium nitroprusside (SNP)-mediated vasodilation was preserved; there was decreased NO production and lower eNOS phosphorylation in male DMO. The reactive oxygen species (ROS) level was increased in male DMO than CMO; normalized ROS levels with tempol increased NO production, normalized Ach-mediated vasodilation, and lowered blood pressure in male DMO rats. It indicates that diabetic programming hypertension is related to arterial dysfunction; normalizing ROS might be a potential strategy for the prevention of hypertension in the offspring.
Insulin Therapy in Pregnancy Hypertensive Diseases and its Effect on the Offspring and Mother Later in Life.; Pregnancy hypertensive disorders such as Preeclampsia (PE) are strongly correlated with insulin resistance, a condition in which the metabolic handling of D-glucose is deficient. In addition, the impact of preeclampsia is enhanced by other insulin-resistant disorders, including polycystic ovary syndrome and obesity. For this reason, there is a clear association between maternal insulin resistance, polycystic ovary syndrome, obesity and the development of PE. However, whether PE is a consequence or the cause of these disorders is still unclear. Insulin therapy is usually recommended to pregnant women with diabetes mellitus when dietary and lifestyle measures have failed. The advantage of insulin therapy for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) patients with hypertension is still controversial; surprisingly, there are no studies in which insulin therapy has been used in patients with hypertension in pregnancy without or with an established GDM. This review is focused on the use of insulin therapy in hypertensive disorders in the pregnancy and its effect on offspring and mother later in life. PubMed and relevant medical databases have been screened for literature covering research in the field especially in the last 5-10 years.
A meta-analysis of maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy after bariatric surgery.; BACKGROUND: The effects of bariatric surgery (BS) on outcomes in subsequent pregnancies are unclear. OBJECTIVES: To compare maternal and fetal outcomes among women who become pregnant after BS and obese women who have not undergone BS before pregnancy. SEARCH STRATEGY: PubMed and Embase were searched for relevant reports, and the reference lists of identified articles were hand-searched. SELECTION CRITERIA: Cohort studies that compared outcomes among women who had undergone any type of BS and obese women who had not undergone surgery were included when results were reported as risk ratios or odds ratios (ORs). DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Summary ORs were estimated using a random effects model. MAIN RESULTS: Eleven studies were included. Compared with obese women who had not undergone BS, women who had undergone BS had significantly lower odds of gestational diabetes (OR 0.31; 95% CI 0.15-0.65), hypertensive disorders (OR 0.42; 95% CI 0.23-0.78), and macrosomia (OR 0.40; 95% CI 0.24-0.67). However, their odds of small-for-gestational-age newborns were increased (OR 2.16; 95% CI 1.28-3.66). No significant differences were recorded for cesarean, postpartum hemorrhage, and preterm delivery. CONCLUSIONS: BS reduces the odds of some adverse maternal and fetal outcomes among obese women.
Comparison of the umbilical artery blood gas, nucleated red blood cell, C-reactive protein, and white blood cell differential counts between neonates of diabetic and nondiabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to compare the neonatal umbilical artery blood gas values, C-reactive protein (CRP) levels, nucleated red blood cells (NRBCs), and white blood cells (WBCs) differential counts between offspring's of the diabetic mothers who needed insulin during pregnancy and normal mothers after cesarean delivery. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospective study was performed involving 68 pregnant diabetic women who needed insulin during pregnancy and 410 healthy pregnant women and their neonates with gestational ages between 35 weeks and 41 weeks. Arterial blood was analyzed for pH and blood gas values and venous blood was analyzed for CRP level, NRBC, and WBC differential counts. RESULTS: The mean NRBC count in the neonates of diabetic mothers and healthy mothers was 560 ± 985/μL and 202 ± 281/μL, respectively (p<0.001). The umbilical arterial blood gas showed a lower pH (7.22 ± 0.07 vs. 7.24 ± 0.04, p=0.004) and a higher pCO(2) (49.33 ± 10.08 vs. 47 ± 8.67, p=0.045) in neonates of diabetic mothers compared with the controls. Values of pO(2), HCO(3)(-), base excess, WBC differential counts, and CRP levels were almost similar in the two groups. CONCLUSION: Lower pH, higher pCO(2), and elevated NRBC counts were found in the neonates of diabetic mothers that may be suggestive of chronic intrauterine acidosis.
Racial and ethnic variation in access to health care, provision of health care services, and ratings of health among women with histories of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess racial/ethnic variation in access to health care, use of particular health care services, presence of cardiovascular risk factors, and perceptions of health and impairment among women at risk for type 2 diabetes because of their histories of gestational diabetes mellitus (hGDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional study using the 2001-2003 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, a national population-based, random sample telephone survey. We assessed access to health care, use of family planning, measurement and elevation of cholesterol, elevation of blood pressure, and respondents' perceptions of health and impairment among women aged 18-44 years with hGDM (n = 4,718). Multivariate models adjusted for sociodemographic characteristics, BMI, presence of children in the household, and current smoking. RESULTS: Outcome measures were suboptimal across racial/ethnic groups. Approximately one-fifth of the overall population reported no health insurance, cost barriers to physician visits, and no primary care provider. One-quarter had no examination within the past year, and almost one-fifth reported no family planning and elevated cholesterol levels. Latinas were the most disadvantaged, with 40% reporting no health insurance and no primary care provider and one-fourth reporting suboptimal perceptions of health. Asian/Pacific Islanders were the most advantaged in terms of health care access, cholesterol and blood pressure elevation, and impaired physical health. Racial/ethnic differences in health care use and presence of risk factors were not entirely explained by health care access or other covariates. CONCLUSIONS: Significant racial/ethnic variation exists among women with hGDM for access to and use of health care, presence of risk factors, and perceptions of health.
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. METHODS: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m2) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7±9.8 years, 26.1±2.5 kg/m2), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). RESULTS: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = -0.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort.
Long-term cost-effectiveness of implementing a lifestyle intervention during pregnancy to reduce the incidence of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to determine the long-term cost-effectiveness and return on investment of implementing a structured lifestyle intervention to reduce excessive gestational weight gain and associated incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A decision-analytic Markov model was used to compare the health and cost-effectiveness outcomes for (1) a structured lifestyle intervention during pregnancy to prevent GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes; and (2) current usual antenatal care. Life table modelling was used to capture type 2 diabetes morbidity, mortality and quality-adjusted life years over a lifetime horizon for all women giving birth in Australia. Costs incorporated both healthcare and societal perspectives. The intervention effect was derived from published meta-analyses. Deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were used to capture the impact of uncertainty in the model. RESULTS: The model projected a 10% reduction in the number of women subsequently diagnosed with type 2 diabetes through implementation of the lifestyle intervention compared with current usual care. The total net incremental cost of intervention was approximately AU$70 million, and the cost savings from the reduction in costs of antenatal care for GDM, birth complications and type 2 diabetes management were approximately AU$85 million. The intervention was dominant (cost-saving) compared with usual care from a healthcare perspective, and returned AU$1.22 (95% CI 0.53, 2.13) per dollar invested. The results were robust to sensitivity analysis, and remained cost-saving or highly cost-effective in each of the scenarios explored. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This study demonstrates significant cost savings from implementation of a structured lifestyle intervention during pregnancy, due to a reduction in adverse health outcomes for women during both the perinatal period and over their lifetime.
A correlation analysis on the postpartum anxiety disorder and influencing factors in puerperae with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to discuss the postpartum anxiety disorder and influencing factors in puerperae with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) to provide a clinical basis for better early identification and intervention of adverse mood. METHODS: Convenient sampling method was adopted to investigate 205 pregnant women as the observation group and 201 normal healthy pregnant women in the same period as the control group. The self-rating anxiety scale (SAS) was used to investigate and observe the respondents, evaluate the postpartum anxiety status of patients with GDM, and analyze the related influencing factors. Statistical analysis of the data was performed using SAS 3.0 software. A proposed P < 0.05 was considered as statistically significant. RESULTS: Patients with GDM had a higher risk than normal maternal anxiety, related to years of education, triglycerides, 1-h postprandial blood glucose, and a history of induced abortion. CONCLUSION: GDM can lead to the occurrence of postpartum anxiety, and the poor psychological state is not conducive to the maternal and infant health. Early identification and early intervention can reduce the harm caused by anxiety and promote the progress of maternal and infant health and clinical research.
New strategies for the treatment of gestational diabetes.; The approach to gestational diabetes mellitus has altered markedly in the last decade; it is guided by universal screening and an impetus to establish 24-h euglycemia in these women, through serial measurements of blood glucose by home monitoring and glycated hemoglobin. The best screening and diagnostic procedures for documentation of gestational diabetes remain the subject of considerable debate. Improved outcome has been associated with improved levels of glycemia. While continuous monitoring of blood glucose is not practical, four blood glucose checks per day (fasting and 1 h after the start of each meal) had proven feasible and allowed the development of treatment strategies designed to maintain fasting blood glucose less than 80 mg/dl and post-prandial glucose less than 140 mg/dl. Diet prescriptions that help achieve these goals include a caloric intake sufficient to avoid the ketonuric threshold (30 kcal/kg in women 80-120% ideal body weight) and less than or equal to 40% carbohydrate. Seventy-five percent of women with gestational diabetes respond to diet therapy alone. Cardiovascular conditioning exercise for 20 min three times per week has been shown to be useful in lowering both fasting and post-prandial glucose levels. If diet and exercise do not achieve the requisite glucose levels, insulin therapy based on body weight and gestational age is instituted.
Incidence and risk factors for neonatal hypoglycaemia among women with gestational diabetes mellitus in South Auckland.; AIMS: To describe the incidence and risk factors for neonatal hypoglycaemia among the offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in South Auckland, New Zealand METHODS: A retrospective audit was undertaken of singleton pregnancies delivered between 1991 and 1994. Data were obtained for 373 women and their deliveries (57 European, 76 Maori, 198 Pacific Islands, 42 other). RESULTS: Pacific Islands women were most likely to have large babies with neonatal hypoglycaemia in spite of a high use of insulin. Postnatally Maori and Pacific Islands women had a high incidence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (21.4, 21.7 vs. 4.3% Europeans, 12.0% others, P =0.035). Babies experiencing hypoglycaemia were more likely to have a mother with past GDM (51.2 vs. 27.2%, P = 0.01) and greater hyperglycaemia (at diagnosis fasting 6.8 +/- 1.7 vs. 5.7 +/- 1.1 mmol/l, P < 0.001; finger-prick glucose 5.7 +/- 1.0 vs. 5.2 +/- 0.8 mmol/l, P < 0.001). Macrosomia, Caesarian section and special care baby unit admission were more common in pregnancies complicated by neonatal hypoglycaemia. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hyperglycaemia was a major contributing factor to neonatal hypoglycaemia in this population. Undiagnosed Type 2 diabetes was common among Maori and Pacific Islands women, confirming the need for earlier detection and treatment.
Insulin requirements in type 1 diabetic pregnancy: do twin pregnant women require twice as much insulin as singleton pregnant women?; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the insulin requirements in women with type 1 diabetes during twin pregnancy compared with singleton pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: At 8, 14, 21, 27, and 33 gestational weeks, insulin requirements and HbA(1c) were compared between 15 twin pregnant women from 2000 to 2011 and 108 singleton pregnant women from 2004 to 2006. RESULTS: In twin pregnancies, the weekly increase in daily insulin dose between 14 and 27 weeks was higher than in singleton pregnancies (median 3.0 international units [IU] [range 0.9-4.9] versus 1.5 IU [-1.5 to 5.9]; P = 0.008) and remained stable from 27 to 33 weeks. The increment in total insulin requirement from before pregnancy until 33 weeks tended to be higher in twin pregnancies (103% [36-257%] versus 71% [-20 to 276%]; P = 0.07). Throughout pregnancy, HbA(1c) was similar in twin and singleton pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: In twin pregnancies, the weekly increase in insulin dose between 14 and 27 weeks was doubled compared with singleton pregnancies.
Effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain on maternal and infant complications.; BACKGROUND: The potential effects of pre-pregnancy body mass (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) on pregnancy outcomes remain unclear. Thus, we investigated socio-demographic characteristics that affect pre-pregnancy BMIs and GWG and the effects of pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG on Chinese maternal and infant complications. METHODS: 3172 women were enrolled in the Chinese Pregnant Women Cohort Study-Peking Union Medical College from July 25, 2017 to July 24, 2018, whose babies were delivered before December 31, 2018. Regression analysis was employed to evaluate the socio-demographic characteristics affecting pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG values and their effects on adverse maternal and infant complications. RESULTS: Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that age groups < 20 years (OR: 1.97), 25-30 years (OR: 1.66), 30-35 years (OR: 2.24), 35-40 years (OR: 3.90) and ≥ 40 years (OR: 3.33) as well as elementary school or education below (OR: 3.53), middle school (OR: 1.53), high school (OR: 1.40), and living in the north (OR: 1.37) were risk factors in maintaining a normal pre-pregnancy BMI. An age range of 30-35 years (OR: 0.76), living in the north (OR: 1.32) and race of ethnic minorities (OR: 1.51) were factors affecting GWG. Overweight (OR: 2.01) and inadequate GWG (OR: 1.60) were risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Overweight (OR: 2.80) and obesity (OR: 5.42) were risk factors for gestational hypertension (GHp). Overweight (OR: 1.92), obesity (OR: 2.48) and excessive GWG (OR: 1.95) were risk factors for macrosomia. Overweight and excessive GWG were risk factors for a large gestational age (LGA) and inadequate GWG was a risk factor for low birth weights. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight and obesity before pregnancy and an excessive GWG are associated with a greater risk of developing GDM, GHp, macrosomia and LGA. The control of body weight before and during the course of pregnancy is recommended to decrease adverse pregnancy outcomes, especially in pregnant women aged < 20 or > 25 years old educated below university and college levels, for ethnic minorities and those women who live in the north of China. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registered at Clinical Trials ( NCT03403543 ), September 29, 2017.
Ghrelin in Serum and Urine of Post-Partum Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Women with a previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases in the future. The aim of the study was to evaluate ghrelin concentrations in serum and urine in the GDM group in the early post-partum period, with reference to laboratory results, body composition, and hydration status. The study subjects were divided into two groups, that is, 28 healthy controls and 26 patients with diagnosed GDM. The maternal body composition and hydration status were evaluated by the bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method. The concentrations of ghrelin in the maternal serum and urine were determined via enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA). The laboratory and BIA results of the mothers with GDM were different from those without GDM. Urine ghrelin positively correlated with serum ghrelin and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) levels in healthy mothers. There were direct correlations between urine ghrelin and HDL as well as triglycerides levels in the GDM group. Neither the lean tissue index nor body cell mass index were related to the serum ghrelin concentrations in this group. Only the urine ghrelin of healthy mothers correlated with the fat tissue index. Our results draw attention to urine as an easily available and appropriable biological material for further studies.
Effect of well-controlled gestational diabetes on left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates.; BACKGROUND: There are some evidences supporting the relation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and diastolic dysfunction. The aim of our study was to investigate the effect of well-controlled GDM on morphological and functional myocardium. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We designed a prospective cross-sectional study to evaluate left ventricular (LV) diastolic function of 60 neonates born from mothers with well-controlled GDM (case group) on days of 3-5 after birth. The infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) group were divided into two groups: diabetic mothers treated only with diet (class A) and group of mothers on medical therapy by insulin or metformin (class B). Traditional echocardiography and pulsed-wave Doppler (PWD), tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were performed for all the neonates. RESULTS: The study group consisted of 60 neonates as males (M) = 32, (0.53%) and females (F) = 28, (0.46%). Using M-mode echocardiography, interventricular septum thickness (IVS), and LV mass were significantly higher in IDM than control group (p = .0001). The PWD showed both a significantly more peak mitral flow at early diastolic wave (E) and an early filling deceleration time (E-DT) (p = .0001). Tissue Doppler echocardiography parameters A' (cm/s) (p = .0001), E' (cm/s) (p = .002), and E'/A' ratio (p = .0001), left ventricular myocardial performance index (LVMPI), and isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT) were outstandingly different between the two groups (p = .0001, respectively). Evaluating the GDM group mothers of class A and class B, no significant difference was noted in PWD or TDI parameters compared with the healthy ones. CONCLUSIONS: It seems that neonates of mothers with well-controlled GDM are still at increased risk of cardiac hypertrophy, subclinical diastolic dysfunction, and impaired left ventricular relaxation. This can be interpreted that focusing only on glycemic control is not enough to prevent cardiac dysfunction.
Maternal n-7 Unsaturated Fatty Acids Protect the Fetal Brain from Neuronal Degeneration in an Intrauterine Hyperglycemic Animal Model.; We previously reported that glycation induces insulin resistance in the hearts of newborn pups from a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rat model. Administration of n-3 unsaturated fatty acids suppressed glycation and improved signaling in GDM rat pups. In this study, we investigated their effects on cranial neurons using the GDM rat model and PC12 cells derived from rat adrenal pheochromocytomas. Additionally, we examined whether n-3 and n-7 unsaturated fatty acids (cis-palmitoleic acid [CPA] and trans-palmitoleic acid [TPA]) ameliorate the detrimental effects of high glucose exposure on rats. In the neonatal cerebrum of GDM rats, increased levels of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) inhibited Akt phosphorylation; however, CPA and TPA intake during pregnancy ameliorated these abnormalities. Furthermore, exposure to high-glucose-induced apoptosis in PC12 cells compared to the cells cultured in control glucose. PC12 cells exposed to high-glucose with fatty acids exhibited reduced AGE production and apoptosis induction compared to the high-glucose group. These findings suggest that a hyperglycemic environment during pregnancy promotes AGE formation in brain neuronal proteins and induces apoptosis. Both TPA and CPA mitigated these abnormalities; however, CPA is cytotoxic, highlighting its safety in pregnant women.
Low circulating pentraxin 3 levels in pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes and increased apoB/apoA ratio: a 5-year follow-up study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Pentraxin 3 (PTX3) is an essential component of innate immunity and independently associated with the risk of developing vascular events. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma PTX3 in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting PTX3 levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. RESULTS: PTX3 levels were lower early in pregnancy and at 5 years follow-up in women who developed GDM. PTX3 levels throughout pregnancy were associated with body mass index. Low PTX3 levels in early pregnancy were predictive of an increased apoB/apoA ratio at 5-year follow-up. PTX3 at 5-year follow-up was inversely correlated with multiple metabolic risk factors for CVD, including body composition, arterial stiffness, dyslipidemia and previous GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show that low plasma concentration of PTX3 in early pregnancy is associated with subsequent development of GDM and with an enhanced risk for CVD as estimated by an elevated apoB/apoA ratio at 5 years postpartum.
Diagnosis and Management of IUGR in Pregnancy Complicated by Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.; This review discusses available literature on the diagnosis and management of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) in women with type 1 diabetes. IUGR is diagnosed when ultrasound-estimated fetal weight is below the 10th percentile for gestational age. IUGR diagnosis implies a pathologic process behind low fetal weight. IUGR in pregnancy complicated by type 1 diabetes is usually caused by placental dysfunction related to maternal vasculopathy. Prevention of IUGR should ideally start before pregnancy. Strict glycemic control and intensive treatment of nephropathy and hypertension are essential. Low-dose aspirin initiated before 16 gestational weeks can also reduce IUGR risk in women with vasculopathy. Umbilical and uterine artery Doppler studies can guide diagnosis and surveillance of fetuses with IUGR. Decisions regarding the timing of delivery should be based on assessment of umbilical artery Doppler. The risk of prematurity and impaired fetal lung maturation should always be considered, especially in fetuses younger than 32 weeks.
Cardiometabolic and Mental Health in Women With Early Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.; CONTEXT: Early diagnosis and treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM) may reduce adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes, especially in high-risk women. However, there is a lack of data for other outcomes. OBJECTIVE: We compared cardiometabolic and mental health outcomes in women with early (eGDM) and classical (cGDM) GDM. METHODS: This prospective cohort included 1185 All women with cGDM and 76 women with eGDM. The eGDM group had GDM risk factors (BMI >30 kg/m2, family history of diabetes, history of GDM, ethnicity), were tested at <20 weeks gestational age, and diagnosed using American Diabetes Association prediabetes criteria. All women underwent lifestyle adaptations. Obstetric, neonatal, mental, and cardiometabolic outcomes were assessed during pregnancy and postpartum. RESULTS: The eGDM group had lower gestational weight gain than cGDM (10.7 ± 6.2 vs 12.6 ± 6.4; P = 0.03) but needed more medical treatment (66% vs 42%; P < 0.001). They had similar rates of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, except for increased large-for-gestational-age infants (25% vs 15%; P = 0.02). Mental health during pregnancy and postpartum did not differ between groups. eGDM had more atherogenic postpartum lipid profile than cGDM (P ≤ 0.001). In eGDM, the postpartum prevalence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) was 1.8-fold, prediabetes was 3.1-fold, and diabetes was 7.4-fold higher than cGDM (waist circumference-based MetS: 62% vs 34%/BMI-based MetS: 46% vs 24%; prediabetes: 47.5% vs 15.3%; diabetes: 11.9% vs 1.6%, all P < 0.001). These differences remained unchanged after adjusting for GDM risk factors. CONCLUSION: Compared with cGDM, eGDM was not associated with differences in mental health, but with increased adverse cardiometabolic outcomes, independent of GDM risk factors and gestational weight gain. This hints to a preexisting risk profile in eGDM.
Microvascular complications are associated with low levels of maternal sE-selectin and sVCAM-1 in pregnancy complicated with pregestational diabetes mellitus.; Pregestational diabetes with vasculopathy in pregnant women is still associated with increased risk for severe maternal and foetal complications and their pathomechanism remains unclear. We investigate endothelial function in diabetic pregnant women with and without vascular disease, measured as changes in concentrations of soluble E-selectin and VCAM-1 throughout pregnancy. 121 pregnant women with PGDM and singleton pregnancy (30 participants with vasculopathy, 91 without vasculopathy) were enrolled into the prospective study. Control group consisted of 20 nondiabetic pregnant women in uncomplicated gestation, sampled cross-sectionally in early pregnancy and at term. We demonstrated lower concentrations of circulating sE-selectin both in early and in late diabetic gestation, irrespective of a concomitant vasculopathy. We also found reduced concentrations of sVCAM-1 in late gestation in diabetic pregnancies both with and without vascular disease, and reduced increase in its levels with gestation. We report significantly elevated concentrations of sVCAM-1 in early pregnancy in diabetic participants with retinopathy and nephropathy comparing with patients with retinopathy only and nondiabetic pregnant controls. We noted a general pattern of pregestational diabetes associated with reduced levels of cell adhesion molecules in early pregnancy with a further reduction during gestation, except for participants with combined retino- and nephropathy.
Fetal heart rate and umbilical artery velocity variability in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To examine the variability in fetal heart rate and absolute flow velocity, which are possible hemodynamic markers of cardiovascular homeostasis in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Doppler studies of umbilical artery velocity waveforms were performed at 12-21 weeks of gestation in 16 women with well-controlled type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. From umbilical artery velocity waveforms of at least 13 s in duration, we determined absolute values and beat-to-beat variability for fetal heart rate and umbilical artery flow velocities and compared these findings with normal controls matched for gestational age. RESULTS: Fetuses of diabetic women displayed increased fetal heart rate variability and umbilical artery peak systolic velocity. Fetal heart rate, umbilical artery time-averaged velocity and variability in umbilical artery flow velocity were not essentially different between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Fetal heart rate variability and umbilical artery peak systolic velocity may be markers for fetal cardiovascular homeostasis in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.
Simplified management of pregnancy complicated by diabetes.; Simple methods for the management of pregnancy complicated by diabetes are described. Emphasis was placed on keeping patients out of hospital, good control of diabetes and vaginal delivery at 38 weeks: using these methods, there were nine perinatal deaths in a consecutive series of 101 pregnancies complicated by diabetes. Four of the perinatal deaths were due to the respiratory distress syndrome. The patients whose diabetes was diagnosed during pregnancy had significantly heavier babies (18 pregnancies, mean birth weight 3337 g) than the established diabetics (83 pregnancies, mean weight 3011 g) despite significantly lower fasting blood glucose levels in the former and similar mean gestational ages at delivery. Mean fasting blood glucose levels for the whole series during the first, second and third trimesters were 9.0, 6.7 and 5.6 mmol/l respectively. The mean duration of antenatal stay in hospital for complications related to diabetes was 29 days. Diabetic retinopathy did not seem to be adversely affected by pregnancy.
Serum lipid levels in relation to clinical outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Research on dyslipidemia during pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has rarely been conducted in Asia. The present study aimed to evaluate maternal mid-trimester lipid profile in relation to GDM and clinical outcomes in these high-risk populations. METHODS: The medical records of 632 pregnant women in the second trimester were retrospectively analyzed. Maternal fasting serum lipids were assayed for total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1) and Apo B concentrations during the second trimester. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated as log (TG/HDL). The clinical outcomes were collected by evaluating delivery mode, postpartum hemorrhage, prematurity, macrosomia, birth weight, body length and neonatal Apgar 5 min score. RESULTS: Levels of TG and AIP were elevated while decreased HDL-C was observed in women with GDM compared with that of the control group. Significant differences were observed in gestational weeks at birth, cesarean section, postpartum hemorrhage, birth weight, body length, prematurity and macrosomia between the two groups. Compared with women with hyperlipidemia, the incidence of GDM and cesarean section was lower in normal lipid group. Women in the hyperlipidemia group had smaller gestational weeks at birth than those in the control group. According to the logistic regression analysis, each unit elevation in AIP increased the risk of GDM by 18.48 times (OR = 18.48, CI: 2.38-143.22). Besides, age (OR = 1.11, CI: 1.06-1.16) and pre-pregnancy BMI (OR = 1.15, CI: 1.07-1.24) were the risk factors of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggested that reasonable lipid control in the second trimester might reduce the incidence of GDM and be a potential strategy for improving clinical outcomes in these high-risk women.
Family history of diabetes and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in Iran: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes is the most prevalent metabolic disorder being firstly diagnosed during pregnancy. The relationship between the family history of diabetes and the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been investigated in several primary studies with a number of contradictions in the results. Hence, the purpose of the present study is to determine the relationship between the GDM and the family history of diabetes using the meta-analysis method. METHOD: All published papers in main national and international databases were systematically searched with some specific keywords to find the related studies between 2000 and 2016. We calculated the odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) in analysis for each study using a random-effect and Mantel-Haenzel method. We also determined heterogeneity among these 33 articles and their publication bias. RESULTS: We entered 33 relevant studies of 2516 articles into the meta-analysis process including 2697 women with family history of diabetes mellitus as well as 29134 women without. Of them, 954 and 4372 subjects developed GDM respectively. Combining the results of the primary studies using the meta-analysis method, the overall odds ratio of family history for developing GDM was estimated as of 3.46 (95% CI: 2.80-4.27). CONCLUSION: This meta-analysis study revealed that the family history of diabetes is an important risk factor for the gestational diabetes mellitus.
Bivariate random effects models for meta-analysis of comparative studies with binary outcomes: methods for the absolute risk difference and relative risk.; Multivariate meta-analysis is increasingly utilised in biomedical research to combine data of multiple comparative clinical studies for evaluating drug efficacy and safety profile. When the probability of the event of interest is rare, or when the individual study sample sizes are small, a substantial proportion of studies may not have any event of interest. Conventional meta-analysis methods either exclude such studies or include them through ad hoc continuality correction by adding an arbitrary positive value to each cell of the corresponding 2 × 2 tables, which may result in less accurate conclusions. Furthermore, different continuity corrections may result in inconsistent conclusions. In this article, we discuss a bivariate Beta-binomial model derived from Sarmanov family of bivariate distributions and a bivariate generalised linear mixed effects model for binary clustered data to make valid inferences. These bivariate random effects models use all available data without ad hoc continuity corrections, and accounts for the potential correlation between treatment (or exposure) and control groups within studies naturally. We then utilise the bivariate random effects models to reanalyse two recent meta-analysis data sets.
[Is diabetes mellitus worth treating?].; The aim of the paper was to present data that enable us to determine whether treatment of hyperglycemia diagnosed during pregnancy in the era of a steadily growing number of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and an ongoing debate about new criteria and diagnostic strategies, is a valid option. GDM is the main metabolic disorder developing during pregnancy complicating around 6% of all pregnancies. Mistreatment of hyperglycemia during pregnancy may cause several fetal complications, especially neonatal overgrowth (macrosomia or LGA). The risk of macrosomia is directly related to maternal hyperglycemia (twice as high as in the control group with glucose levels exceeding 130 mg/dl). Apart from maternal hyperglycemia and fetal hyperinsulinemia, insulin-like growth factors and selected adipocytokines produced by adipose tissue and placenta are among the factors contributing to the development of diabetic fetopathy, whose risk increases by 2-fold with glucose levels exceeding 130 mg/dl. The role of hyperglycemia as a factor inducing several perinatal complications was confirmed by the HAPO study but it is not the sole reason of adverse effects. Also, maternal obesity weight gain during pregnancy and maternal hyperlipidemia seem to be involved in the pathogenesis of feto-maternal complications. Changes in fetal growth, disturbances in the perinatal period, there just some of the negative consequences of maternal GDM. Disturbance of carbohydrate metabolism during pregnancy causes long-lasting consequences for both, the mother and the child, including increased risk of overt diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular complications. Children born to GDM mothers are at a significant risk of psycho-motoric disability and a higher risk of schizophrenia. ACHOIS and MFMU studies have confirmed that even mild hyperglycemia, detected and treated in a timely manner significantly improves maternal and fetal outcome. Various meta-analyses have revealed a positive effect of GDM treatment. To the best of our knowledge, no clinical study has revealed negative effects of such treatment, with the exception of an increased number of perinatal visits.
Influence of temperature on the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension in different pregnancy trimesters.; Previous studies have proved that exposure to extreme temperature in specific windows of pregnancy could cause some complications, such as pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but differences in the effect of extreme temperature on the 2 complications are rarely studied. We carried a retrospective study on the impact of temperature on GDM/PIH in different trimesters based on data from a maternal and child health center in Beijing, China. Ambient temperatures (°C) were obtained from the China Meteorological Administration from January 1st, 2013 to May 15th, 2018. We use distributed lag non-linear models (DLNMs) combined with logistic regression to calculate the lag exposure-response relationships between the temperature and GDM/PIH from 1st to 24th/20th weeks of pregnancy. In both first and second trimesters, the risk of GDM was increased in summer with high temperatures; in second trimester, the risk of GDM increased in winter with low temperatures. In first half of pregnancy, risk of PIH was decreased in winter with low temperatures. These findings can provide the guideline for preventing the GDM and PIH induced by extreme temperature during pregnancy.
Cerebral autoregulation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes and overweight.; AIM: The aim of this study was to estimate the impact of diabetes and obesity on cerebral autoregulation in pregnancy. METHODS: Cerebral autoregulation was evaluated in women with gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus and/or overweight (body mass index ⩾ 25 kg m(-2)) and compared to a cohort of euglycaemic pregnant women. The autoregulation index was calculated using simultaneously recorded cerebral blood flow velocity in the middle cerebral artery and blood pressure. Autoregulation index values of 0 and 9 indicate absent and perfect autoregulation, respectively. RESULTS: Autoregulation index in women with either diabetes (n = 33, 6.6 ± 1.1) or overweight (n = 21, 6.7 ± 0.6) was not significantly different to that in control patients (n = 23, 6.6 ± 0.8, p = 0.96). CONCLUSION: Cerebral autoregulation is not impaired in pregnant women who have non-vasculopathic diabetes or overweight. This suggests that the increased risk of pre-eclampsia in diabetic and overweight women is not associated with early impaired cerebral autoregulation.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (class A): a human teratogen?; Between January 1, 1982 and December 31, 1992 we evaluated 200 children of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus through the University of South Florida Genetics/Dysmorphology Clinics. They were a portion of the 22,100 families seen during that period. Pregnant women with diabetes mellitus were not part of this study. One hundred and fifty-two of the 200 were offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes (classes A1 and A2). Class B1 was not encountered as a subclass of gestational diabetes in this series. Twenty-four of the 152 did not have anomalies. Forty-one of the 152 had another primary diagnosis to account for their malformations. Eighty-seven of the 152 had a constellation of anomalies or solitary structural defects as seen in diabetic embryopathy. Chromosomal, monogenic, and other teratogenic causes were excluded. The observed phenotypes matched those seen in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus classes B2 to T. They also corroborated the animal studies, indicating that the embryopathy of gestational diabetes has a pathogenesis similar to that in classes B2 to T, and recent epidemiological studies showing a statistically significant increase of anomalies as in diabetic embryopathy in the offspring of gestational diabetes mothers. As per established obstetric practice the testing for gestational diabetes was after gestation 16 weeks. Thus, it was impossible to prove that the anomalies of the 87 propositi were due to gestational diabetes. However, the anomalies occurred during organogenesis as in the other diabetic classes, and inferred that gestational diabetes is a human teratogen. If so, common "idiopathic" malformations may be actually caused by undiagnosed maternal gestational diabetes.
Metformin Should Not Be Used to Treat Prediabetes.; Based on the results of the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPPOS), in which metformin significantly decreased the development of diabetes in individuals with baseline fasting plasma glucose (FPG) concentrations of 110-125 vs. 100-109 mg/dL (6.1-6.9 vs. 5.6-6.0 mmol/L) and A1C levels 6.0-6.4% (42-46 mmol/mol) vs. <6.0% and in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, it has been suggested that metformin should be used to treat people with prediabetes. Since the association between prediabetes and cardiovascular disease is due to the associated nonglycemic risk factors in people with prediabetes, not to the slightly increased glycemia, the only reason to treat with metformin is to delay or prevent the development of diabetes. There are three reasons not to do so. First, approximately two-thirds of people with prediabetes do not develop diabetes, even after many years. Second, approximately one-third of people with prediabetes return to normal glucose regulation. Third, people who meet the glycemic criteria for prediabetes are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes and thus metformin treatment will not affect this important outcome. Why put people who are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes on a drug (possibly for the rest of their lives) that has no immediate advantage except to lower subdiabetes glycemia to even lower levels? Rather, individuals at the highest risk for developing diabetes-i.e., those with FPG concentrations of 110-125 mg/dL (6.1-6.9 mmol/L) or A1C levels of 6.0-6.4% (42-46 mmol/mol) or women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus-should be followed closely and metformin immediately introduced only when they are diagnosed with diabetes.
Effect of pregnancy and diabetes on vascular receptors for angiotensin II.; Both gestation and diabetes mellitus (DM) are conditions associated with an increased participation of renin-angiotensin system (RAS) as well as with changes in the vascular response to angiotensin II (Ang II). We sought to establish the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on Ang II- induced vasoconstriction and its correlation with the expression of angiotensin II receptors (AT(1)R, AT(2) R). Female Wistar rats, virgin, or on day 3 after mating, received randomly streptozotocin (STZ) 60 mg/kgor saline ip.Streptozotocin-treated animals developed hyperglycemia (25.6 ± 1.42 mM). Ang II-induced vasoconstriction was evaluated on isolated aortas with (e+) and without (e-) endothelium and the protein expression of AT(1)R and AT(2)R was measured by western blot. Gestational diabetes mellitus significantly increased vasoconstriction with respect to all the other groups. Changes were observed only on e+ vessels. Interestingly, GDM moved AT(1)R: AT(2)R balance towards AT(1) R, while both pregnancy and diabetes towards AT(2)R expression. In conclusion, GDM increases the possibility of an hypertensive complication by an increased AT(1)R expression.
Gestational diabetes: a condition of early diastolic abnormalities in young women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not merely a temporary condition, but a harbinger of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and atherosclerotic disease. We examined the effect of GDM on cardiac diastolic function. METHODS: Diastolic function was evaluated by serial Doppler echocardiography with pulsed tissue Doppler imaging in 13 patients with GDM and 13 healthy pregnant women (control group) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after 8 weeks postpartum. Diagnostic criteria for GDM were those as recommended by the American Diabetes Association. Exclusion criteria were any disease or condition that could interfere with diastolic function. Measurements at both times in each group were compared by paired t tests and changes of patients with diabetes were compared with those in control patients by unpaired t tests. RESULTS: There were no differences in age, left ventricular mass, or systolic function between groups. The Doppler parameters that showed significant difference between groups were higher atrial contraction wave (A wave) (P = .008) and lower rapid filling wave (E)/A ratio (P = .006) in diabetic group, on both occasions. Tissue Doppler parameters showed a significant decrease in Em (P = .002) and early mitral annulus velocity (Em)/late mitral annulus velocity (Am) (P = .008) in diabetic group on both occasions, and the Am wave remained increased only in the diabetic group at postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with GDM showed a different diastolic function profile, suggesting a mild degree of diastolic abnormality. The persistence of some abnormalities postpartum corroborates our hypothesis of an early cardiovascular involvement in this group, enhancing the need of a close cardiovascular follow-up of these patients.
Unraveling the role of microRNAs: potential biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus revealed through RNA sequencing analysis.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant health risks for both mothers and children, contributing to long-term complications such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study explores the potential of microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers for GDM by analyzing peripheral blood samples from GDM patients. METHOD: Ten samples, including peripheral blood from 5 GDM patients and 5 controls, were collected to perform the RNA sequencing analysis. Differentially expressed miRNAs were further validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: A total of 2287 miRNAs were identified, 229 of which showed differential expression. Validation by qRT-PCR confirmed significant up-regulation of miR-5193, miR-5003-3p, miR-3127-5p, novel-miR-96, miR-6734-5p, and miR-122-5p, while miR-10395-3p was down-regulated. Bioinformatics analyses revealed the involvement of these miRNAs in pathways associated with herpes simplex virus 1 infection. CONCLUSION: This study provides insights into the differential expression of miRNAs in GDM patients and their potential roles in disease pathogenesis. It suggests that the differentially expressed miRNAs could serve as potential biomarkers for GDM, shedding light on the complex molecular mechanisms involved.
Cardiac rehabilitation adapted to transient ischaemic attack and stroke (CRAFTS): a randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Coronary Heart Disease and Cerebrovascular Disease share many predisposing, modifiable risk factors (hypertension, abnormal blood lipids and lipoproteins, cigarette smoking, physical inactivity, obesity and diabetes mellitus). Lifestyle interventions and pharmacological therapy are recognised as the cornerstones of secondary prevention. Cochrane review has proven the benefits of programmes incorporating exercise and lifestyle counselling in the cardiac disease population. A Cochrane review highlighted as priority, the need to establish feasibility and efficacy of exercise based interventions for Cerebrovascular Disease. METHODS: A single blind randomised controlled trial is proposed to examine a primary care cardiac rehabilitation programme for adults post transient ischemic attack (TIA) and stroke in effecting a positive change in the primary outcome measures of cardiac risk scores derived from Blood Pressure, lipid profile, smoking and diabetic status and lifestyle factors of habitual smoking, exercise and healthy eating participation. Secondary outcomes of interest include health related quality of life as measured by the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, the Stroke Specific Quality of Life scale and WONCA COOP Functional Health Status charts and cardiovascular fitness as measured by a sub-maximal fitness test.A total of 144 patients, over 18 years of age with confirmed diagnosis of ischaemic stroke or TIA, will be recruited from Dublin community stroke services and two tertiary T.I.A clinics. Exclusion criteria will include oxygen dependence, unstable cardiac conditions, uncontrolled diabetes, major medical conditions, claudication, febrile illness, pregnancy or cognitive impairment. Participants will be block-statified, randomly allocated to one of two groups using a pre-prepared computer generated randomisation schedule. Both groups will receive a two hour education class on risk reduction post stroke. The intervention group will receive a 10 week programme of supervised aerobic exercises (twice weekly) and individually tailored brief intervention lifestyle counselling. Both groups will be tested on week one and week ten of the programme. Follow-up at 1 year will assess longer term benefits. Analysis will test for significant changes in the key variables indicated. DISCUSSION: Application of the Cardiac Rehabilitation paradigm to patients with ischaemic stroke or TIA has not been explored despite the obvious overlap in aetiology. It is hoped the anticipated improvement in vascular risk factors and fitness resulting from such a programme will enhance health and social gain in this population. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISCTRN90272638.
Postpartum Diabetes Testing Rates after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Canadian Women: A Population-Based Study.; OBJECTIVES: We assessed the rate and type of postpartum glycemic testing in women with impaired glucose tolerance of pregnancy (IGTp) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We examined whether the likelihood of testing was modulated by patients' characteristics and pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: Our population-level cohort study included data from 132,905 pregnancies between October 1, 2008, and December 31, 2011, in Alberta, Canada. Laboratory data within 270 days before and 1 year after delivery were used to identify pregnancies involving IGTp/GDM and postpartum glycemic testing, respectively. Logistic regression was used to identify maternal and pregnancy factors associated with postpartum testing. RESULTS: A total of 8,703 pregnancies were affected by IGTp (n=3669) or GDM (n=5034) as defined by the prevailing Canadian Diabetes Association 2008 Clinical Practice Guidelines for the Prevention and Management of Diabetes in Canada. By 1 year postpartum, 55.1% had undergone glycemic assessments. Of those, 59.7% had had 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests, 17.4% had had glycated hemoglobin tests without oral glucose tolerance tests and 22.9% had had only fasting or random glucose tests. Women with IGTp or GDM, respectively, who were younger, smokers and residing in rural areas and whose labours were not induced were less likely to be tested postpartum. Having large for gestational age infants was also associated with a lower likelihood of postpartum testing in women with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Despite a universal health-care system in Canada, many women with IGTp or GDM do not undergo postpartum glucose testing. Maternal and pregnancy characteristics influence postpartum testing and provide valuable information for creating targeted strategies to improve postpartum testing in this group of high-risk women.
Neonatal Birthweight Spectrum: Maternal Risk Factors and Pregnancy Outcomes in Saudi Arabia.; Background and Objectives: Low-birth-weight (LBW) neonates are at increased risk of morbidity and mortality which are inversely proportional to birth weight, while macrosomic babies are at risk of birth injuries and other related complications. Many maternal risk factors were associated with the extremes of birthweight. The objectives of this study are to investigate maternal risk factors for low and high birthweight and to report on the neonatal complications associated with abnormal birth weights. Materials and Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of medical records of deliveries ≥ 23 weeks. We classified the included participants according to birth weight into normal birth weight (NBW), LBW, very LBW (VLBW), and macrosomia. The following maternal risk factors were included, mother's age, parity, maternal body mass index (BMI), maternal diabetes, and hypertension. The neonatal outcomes were APGAR scores < 7, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), respiratory distress (RD), and hyperbilirubinemia. Data were analyzed using SAS Studio, multivariable logistic regression analyses were used to investigate the independent effect of maternal risk factors on birthweight categories and results were reported as an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and 95% Confidence Interval (CI). Results: A total of 1855 were included in the study. There were 1638 neonates (88.3%) with NBW, 153 (8.2%) with LBW, 27 (1.5%) with VLBW, and 37 (2.0%) with macrosomia. LBW was associated with maternal hypertension (aOR = 3.5, 95% CI = 1.62-7.63), while increasing gestational age was less likely associated with LBW (aOR = 0.51, 95% CI = 0.46-0.57). Macrosomia was associated with maternal diabetes (aOR = 3.75, 95% CI = 1.67-8.41), in addition to maternal obesity (aOR = 3.18, 95% CI = 1.24-8.14). The odds of VLBW were reduced significantly with increasing gestational age (aOR = 0.41, 95% CI = 0.32-0.53). In total, 81.5% of VLBW neonates were admitted to the NICU, compared to 47.7% of LBW and 21.6% of those with macrosomia. RD was diagnosed in 59.3% of VLBW neonates, in 23% of LBW, in 2.7% of macrosomic and in 3% of normal-weight neonates. Hyperbilirubinemia was reported in 37.04%, 34.21%, 22.26%, and 18.92% of VLBW, LBW, NBW, and macrosomic newborns, respectively. Conclusions: Most neonates in this study had normal birthweights. Maternal hypertension and lower gestational age were associated with increased risk of LBW. Additionally, maternal obesity and diabetes increased the risk of macrosomia. Neonatal complications were predominantly concentrated in the LBW and VLBW, with a rising gradient as birthweight decreased. The main complications included respiratory distress and NICU admissions.
Asymmetric Septal Hypertrophy in Appropriate for Gestational Age Infants Born to Diabetic Mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the frequency of asymmetric septal hypertrophy in appropriate for gestational age infants born to diabetic mothers with those born to non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: We compared 38 full term infants born to diabetic mothers with 85 full term infants of non-diabetic mothers. 2-D echocardiography was obtained in the first 24 hours after birth. RESULTS: Asymmetric septal hypertrophy was only present in infants born to diabetic mothers (50% vs. 0%; P<0.001). Intraventricular septum thickness and intraventricular septum/posterior wall of the left ventricle ratio was also significantly higher in the first group (P<0.001). We found no correlation between mother´s glycated hemoglobin levels and intraventricular septum thickness in newborns. CONCLUSION: Asymmetric septal hypertrophy is a common finding in infants born to diabetic mothers, even if they are appropriate for gestational age.
Traditional Cantonese puerperal practices and postpartum cardiometabolism in gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: With gestational diabetes (GDM), women have a higher risk for future type 2 diabetes, and risk factors for diabetes for it are amplified. Whether this phenomenon is affected by traditional puerperal or postpartum practices among Chinese women who develop gestational diabetes is unclear. This has been explored in a Cantonese cultural setting to enable relevant risk management. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: Some 138 women were followed before, during and after pregnancy in accordance with Cantonese Puerperal Practices (CPP), and occurrence of GDM and exclusive breast-feeding. Body compositional and cardiometabolic information were collected. These included glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. RESULTS: During a median postpartum follow-up of 60.4 days, women with a typical CPP had a greater body weight and weight retention. With artificial feeding, women with a typical CPP had greater OGTT glycemic responses and more insulin resistance. With exclusive breast-feeding, however, no differences in postpartum cardiometabolic measurements were observed, except for a higher early-phase insulin response. CONCLUSIONS: Traditional CPP is associated with early postpartum cardiometabolic impairment in gestational diabetes, but this is avoided with breast-feeding.
Preconceptional and gestational evaluation of insulin secretion in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome.; The relationship between insulinaemia and obesity and glucose tolerance and the impact of pregnancy as risk factor for carbohydrate abnormalities were investigated in 91 consecutive patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) aged 26-32 years. Fifteen normoglycaemic patients became pregnant within 6 months of the pregestational study using pharmacological induction of ovulation. Plasma concentrations of insulin and glucose after an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were determined by immunoradiometric assay and glucose oxidase technique respectively. OGTT patients were classified according to their response as normoinsulinaemic (n = 46) or hyperinsulinaemic (n = 45). Impairment of glucose metabolism occurred in 12.1% (n = 11, 10 obese and one lean) of all PCOS subjects. Based on insulin secretion, 6.5% of normoinsulinaemic and 13.3% of hyperinsulinaemic patients had an impaired glucose tolerance and 2.3 and 2.2% respectively a non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Obese patients had higher values for area under the curve for insulin response to OGTT (I-AUC values) than lean patients, and the percentage above ideal body weight was greater in hyperinsulinaemic than in normoinsulinaemic patients. All hyperinsulinaemic (7/15) subjects who became pregnant developed an impairment of glucose metabolism during pregnancy. It is concluded that the PCOS population was at higher risk of developing carbohydrate abnormalities than the normal population of a similar reproductive age. Furthermore, those with abnormal insulin secretion at the pregestational stage may, during pregnancy, develop an impaired gestational glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes.
[Roles of advanced glycation end products and its receptor on the fetal brain injury in pregnant rats with gestational diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To study the roles of advanced glycation end products and its receptor on fetal brain injury of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rats. METHODS: Twenty one adult pregnant Wistar rats were administered streptozotocin (STZ) intraperitoneally to induce GDM rats model. The fourteen pregnant rats were divided into two groups according to the fasting glucose on the 3(rd) day of pregnancy:severe GDM group with the fasting glucose > 16.7 mmol/L and mild GDM group with the fasting glucose between 6.7 - 16.7 mmol/L. Another seven pregnant rats were chosen as the severe GDM and intervention with micronutrient group, receiving gavage with micronutrient during the whole pregnancy. Five control rats received the same volume of citric acid buffer. All the pregnant rats were tested fasting glucose from the tail vein and their weight on the pregnant day 3, 13 and 19. Maternal serum levels of AGE were measured by ELISA and RAGE levels in the embryonic brain tissues were tested by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: (1) There was no statistically significant difference of pre-pregnancy fasting glucose level among all groups (P > 0.05). The fasting glucose levels on the 3(rd) day and the mean fasting glucouse level of pregnancy in the severe GDM group and the severe GDM and intervention with micronutrient group were higher than those of the control group (P < 0.05). And there was no significant difference between the severe GDM group and the severe GDM and intervention with micronutrient group (P > 0.05). (2) The serum AGE levels in the severe GDM group and the mild GDM group were (1037 ± 38) ng/L and (880 ± 34) ng/L respectively, with no significant difference (P > 0.05). The serum AGE levels in the control group and the severe GDM and intervention with micronutrient group were (857 ± 32) ng/L and (988 ± 37) ng/L, and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). The serum AGE levels in the severe GDM and intervention with micronutrient group and in the mild GDM group had no significant difference (P > 0.05). (3) The serum AGE levels in the severe GDM group, mild GDM group and the control group were positively associated with the mean glucose level of pregnancy (r = 0.603, P < 0.05) and the grlucose on the 3(rd) day of pregnancy (r = 0.704, P < 0.05). (4) The fetal brain nerve cell number and morphology in the control group were normal. While in the mild GDM group fetal brain nerve cells decreased, the proliferation and swelling of glial cells were seen. In the severe GDM group and the severe GDM and intervention with micronutrient group, the fetal brain cells furtherly reduced, and large vacuole around the cells, deformation and debris of the cells were seen. Glial scar formation was visible in some fetal brain tissues. There was a few RAGE expression in the control fetal brain tissues. In the mild GDM group and the severe GDM group, RAGE expression increased significantly. And the RAGE expression intensity in the severe GDM and intervention with micronutrient group was between the severe and the mild GDM groups. CONCLUSIONS: (1) Abnormal fetal brain development of GDM rats was associated with the increase of maternal serum AGE and the enhancement of RAGE expression in fetal brain tissues, which suggested that AGE/RAGE pathway may play an important role in the fetal brain injury of GDM rats. (2) Micronutrients can reduce the brain damage of GDM fetuses.
Failure of intensive fetal monitoring and ultrasound in reducing the stillbirth rate.; Although highly popularized among obstetricians, there are conflicting results regarding the efficacy of high-resolution ultrasound and other fetal well-being tests on improving neonatal outcome and morbidity. To assess the impact of unrestricted fetal well-being tests and sonographic evaluations on the stillbirth rate, we evaluated a total of 1,810 pregnancies 20 weeks of gestation or more from a single private clinic serving a mixed population of high and low-risk patients. All patients were performed high-resolution sonography during each trimester of pregnancy. In addition, on each prenatal visit, fetal heart rate, position and amniotic fluid index were documented by a limited sonographic scan. Further sonographic studies were done whenever deemed necessary depending on the clinical situation. Biophysical profiles were performed in the third trimester at any time a risk factor was identified, and repeated as frequently as estimated necessary. All cases of fetal death in utero were documented and the associated maternal risk factors assessed. A total of 14 stillbirths occurred among the 1,810 patients. The stillbirth rate for this population was determined to be 7.7/1000 births (U.S. national average of 6.7-7.8/1000 births). The most common associated maternal complications were Diabetes (4 cases) and Antiphospholipid syndrome (3 cases). All except for one fetus lost at 37 weeks had at least one identifiable maternal risk factor. These results prove that intensive fetal surveillance, even when unrestricted by economic concerns, has limited effectiveness in avoiding fetal demise. This is most probably due to acute placental and cord accidents that cannot be detected promptly enough or that are simply unavoidable.
Reference Values of D-Dimers and Fibrinogen in the Course of Physiological Pregnancy: the Potential Impact of Selected Risk Factors-A Pilot Study.; Pregnancy predisposes to thrombotic hemostasis, reflected in the laboratory as, e.g., increased levels of D-Dimers and fibrinogen, but in physiological pregnancy, the risk of venous thrombosis does not increase. Risk may increase if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or nicotinism coexists. Study aims were to determine reference values for D-Dimers and fibrinogen concentrations in each trimester of pregnancy, corrected for GDM and nicotinism. Subjects and Methods. The study involved 71 pregnant women aged 25-44 y. Venous blood was collected three times: in the first (11-14 weeks), second (20-22 weeks), and third (30-31 weeks) trimesters. D-Dimer concentrations were determined by an enzyme-linked fluorescence assay, fibrinogen concentrations by a coagulation method according to Clauss. Results. Significant increases in D-Dimers and fibrinogen concentrations were observed, increasing with successive trimesters (p ANOVA < 0.0001). Furthermore, a positive correlation between D-Dimers and fibrinogen was detected in the second trimester of pregnancy (r = 0.475; p < 0.0001). In addition, a significantly higher fibrinogen concentration was found in women with GDM compared to without GDM (p = 0.0449). Reference ranges for D-Dimers were established, in trimester order, as follows: 167-721 ng/mL, 298-1653 ng/mL, and 483-2256 ng/mL. After adjusting for risk factors, significantly higher D-Dimer values (mainly second and third trimesters) were obtained: 165-638 ng/mL, 282-3474 ng/mL, and 483-4486 ng/mL, respectively. Reference ranges for fibrinogen were, in trimester order, 2.60-6.56 g/L, 3.40-8.53 g/L, and 3.63-9.14 g/L and, after adjustment for risk factors, 3.34-6.73 g/L, 3.40-8.84 g/L, and 3.12-9.91 g/L. Conclusions. We conclude that the increase in D-Dimers and fibrinogen levels in women with physiological pregnancy was compounded by gestational diabetes (GDM) and nicotinism. Therefore, D-Dimers and fibrinogen pregnancy reference values require correction for these risk factors.
Gestational diabetes mellitus impairs fetal endothelial cell functions through a mechanism involving microRNA-101 and histone methyltransferase enhancer of zester homolog-2.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) produces fetal hyperglycemia with increased lifelong risks for the exposed offspring of cardiovascular and other diseases. Epigenetic mechanisms induce long-term gene expression changes in response to in utero environmental perturbations. Moreover, microRNAs (miRs) control the function of endothelial cells (ECs) under physiological and pathological conditions and can target the epigenetic machinery. We investigated the functional and expressional effect of GDM on human fetal ECs of the umbilical cord vein (HUVECs). We focused on miR-101 and 1 of its targets, enhancer of zester homolog-2 (EZH2), which trimethylates the lysine 27 of histone 3, thus repressing gene transcription. EZH2 exists as isoforms α and β. APPROACH AND RESULTS: HUVECs were prepared from GDM or healthy pregnancies and tested in apoptosis, migration, and Matrigel assays. GDM-HUVECs demonstrated decreased functional capacities, increased miR-101 expression, and reduced EZH2- β and trimethylation of histone H3 on lysine 27 levels. MiR-101 inhibition increased EZH2 expression and improved GDM-HUVEC function. Healthy HUVECs were exposed to high or normal d-glucose concentration for 48 hours and then tested for miR-101 and EZH2 expression. Similar to GDM, high glucose increased miR-101 expression. Chromatin immunoprecipitation using an antibody for EZH2 followed by polymerase chain reaction analyses for miR-101 gene promoter regions showed that both GDM and high glucose concentration reduced EZH2 binding to the miR-101 locus in HUVECs. Moreover, EZH2-β overexpression inhibited miR-101 promoter activity in HUVECs. CONCLUSIONS: GDM impairs HUVEC function via miR-101 upregulation. EZH2 is both a transcriptional inhibitor and a target gene of miR-101 in HUVECs, and it contributes to some of the miR-101-induced defects of GDM-HUVECs.
Sensitivity and specificity of ultrasonography as a screening tool for gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate diagnostic accuracy and efficiency of ultrasound markers of gestational diabetes (GDM) and propose an ultrasound based scoring system suitable for screening (UGDS). METHODS: 110 women with singleton pregnancies and established maternal and/or pregnancy related risk factors for GDM were scanned at/or after 24 weeks gestation followed by administration of a 3 hour 100-gram oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). A number of ultrasound markers were determined/measured, including fetal adipose subcutaneous tissue, asymmetrical macrosomy, cardiac circumference, cardiac width, and interventricular septum thickness, immature appearance of placenta, intensified breathing movements, polyhydramnios and placental thickness. Each ultrasound GDM marker was assigned one point to create the ultrasound gestational diabetes screening score (UGDS). RESULTS: All ultrasound GDM markers were positively correlated to the disease P < 0.0001. The strongest independent predictor of GDM was an immature appearance of placenta (RR 40.1 95% CI 5.9-271.0, P < 0.0001). Receiver operator characteristics (ROC) showed an area under the curve of 95.7% confirming good ability of UGDS to discriminate between positive and negative oGTT. We propose a UGDS score of 4 providing sensitivity of 90.9%, and specificity 89.6%. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that UGDS is a good predictor of GDM.
Asymmetrical septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of diabetic mothers.; The objective of this paper is to determine the frequency and outcome of asymmetrical septal hypertrophy (ASH) in large-for-gestational-age infants (LGA) born to diabetic (DM) and nondiabetic mothers (NDM), and to establish the relationship between ASH and maternal diabetes control. A comparative study was design to assess ASH in infants born to DM and NDM. The study was conducted in the Departments of Neonatology and Pediatric Cardiology of the "Hospital de Gineco-Pediatria 48", Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social from January to December 1997. Eighty-five full-term infants of DM (group A) and 85 LGA infants of NDM (group B) were included. As a control group (group C), we studied 85 healthy, full-term infants. In all cases a Doppler echocardiogram was obtained in the first 48 h after birth, and for the ASH infants, at 2 and 4 months. Chest X ray, electrocardiogram, and laboratory tests were performed as complementary studies. ASH was present in 38.8% of LGA infants of DM and in 7.1% of NDM. The difference was significant (p < 0.01). Interventricular septum (IVS) and IVS/ posterior wall of left ventricle ratio were significantly different between groups A and B with C. There was no correlation between Hb A1 level and the presence of ASH in group A. ASH is a common finding in infants of DM. We could not find a relationship between the degree of metabolic control during pregnancy and the incidence and severity of ASH.
First trimester PAPP-A serum levels and long-term metabolic outcome of mothers and their offspring.; Low maternal serum levels of pregnancy associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) are known to be associated with the development of pregnancy-related complications like small for gestational age infants, intrauterine fetal demise, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The study aims to find possible long-term correlations with the development of metabolic and cardiovascular complications in the mothers and their progeny in later life. This is a retrospective cohort study conducted on consecutive unselected women screened for chromosomal anomalies in the first trimester of pregnancy between 2004 and 2010. PAPP-A values as well as clinical data collected at childbirth were considered. A maternal and neonatal follow-up was performed through a telephone interview with the mother during 2015. The body-mass-index and the presence of cardiovascular diseases, dyslipidaemia and diabetes mellitus were evaluated. The analysis included 988 patients. The median time of follow-up was 7 years (IQR 6-9). Lower first trimester maternal blood PAPP-A quartiles were associated with small stature of the offspring (z-score 1st-2nd quartile 0.37 IQR -0.42 and 1.17 vs 3rd-4th quartile 0.67 IQR -0.17 and 1.36, p < 0.05). Furthermore, low first trimester PAPP-A in pregnancy without other gestations following the index one, in Kaplan-Meier analysis was associated to a significant increase of hypoglycemic agents use at 7 and 10 years (respectively 1.12% CI.95 0-2.38% and 5.45% CI.95 0-10.82%) compared to the control group of high first trimester PAPP-A values (0% CI.95 0-0%) (p < 0.05). Low PAPP-A serum levels in the first trimester of pregnancy are associated with short stature in offspring and de-novo development of maternal diabetes mellitus in later life.
Effects of aerobic exercise performed during pregnancy on hypertension and gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) are the most common pregnancy complications, predisposing to adverse pregnancy outcomes and being a major cause of maternal morbidity and mortality, often associated with significantly higher health risks for the mother and her offspring. The aim of this study was to systematically evaluate the effects of aerobic exercise performed during pregnancy on GDM, GH, and pregnancy outcomes. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: The databases PubMed, EMbase, Web of Science, China Knowledge Network, Wan fang, and Wipu were searched for clinical randomized controlled trials of exercise interventions on GDM, GH, and pregnancy outcomes, and data were analyzed and systematically evaluated using RevMan 5.3 according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Meta-analysis showed that, in terms of pregnancy complications, aerobic exercise intervention reduced the incidence of maternal GDM better than the control group, with a statistically significant difference (OR=0.39, 95% CI: 0.30, 0.50, P<0.00001); aerobic exercise intervention reduced the incidence of maternal GH better than the control group, with a statistically significant difference (OR=0.38, 95% CI: 0.27, 0.54, P<0.00001). CONCLUSIONS: The results in pregnancy suggest that aerobic exercise is advantageous for pregnant women, as it reduces the incidence of GDM and GH and improves the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes to a certain extent.
[Programming nutritional and metabolic disorders: the diabetic environment during gestation].; During the last years, obesity and subsequent metabolic disorders and cardiovascular diseases have tremendously increased. Recent studies have shown that risk factors of cardiovascular diseases appear as soon as in infancy. In many situations, these disorders are programmed in early life during fetal development. These observations have lead to the concept of programming. The first studies on this subject underlined the link between poor fetal growth and the risk of nutritional and metabolic disorders during adulthood. But, it is now evident that excess of fetal growth as it is observed during pregnancy with maternal diabetes leads to the same consequences. The metabolic syndrome or syndrome X is the name for a clustering of risk factors for cardiovascular diseases and type II diabetes that are of metabolic origin. This syndrome, first described in the adults, is more and more studied during childhood and adolescence. Metabolic syndrome is now described in youth, particularly in subjects with risk factors as obesity. Alterations of intra-uterine environment lead to modified early development and represent short-term adaptations transmitted from one generation to another. This intergeneration effect contributes to the burden of adult metabolic disorders and cardiovascular diseases, as seen in the last decades. There is considerable evidence for the contribution of epigenetic mechanisms for the lifelong and the intergenerational alteration of gene transcription by variation in the early life environment. One of the major challenges in the following years is to promote public health programs which are aimed at prevention of long-term consequences of fetal programming.
[Diabetes mellitus in Spain: death rates, prevalence, impact, costs and inequalities].; OBJECTIVE: Describing the situation of diabetes mellitus (DM) in Spain from a public health perspective. MATERIAL AND METHOD: manual review of books and other documents on diabetes mellitus in Spain was conducted. In addition, a specific research of articles published using MeSH terms diabetes mortality, prevalence, incidence, cost, inequalities and Spain was conducted in Medline through Internet (PubMed). Minimun Basic Data Set was utilized as source for complication description by Communities Autonomus. RESULTS: DM is one of the leading cause of mortality and the third one in women. With regard to Autonomous Communities, Canary Islands, Ceuta y Melilla and Andalusia show the greatest mortality with a downward trend. Diabetics present greater mortality than non diabetic patients, being complications the main cause of the over-mortality, especially ischemic heart disease. Estimations of prevalence for DM2 range from 4.8% to 18.7% and for DM1, from .08% to .2%. In pregnancy, it has been noted a prevalence ranging from 4.5% to 16.1%. With respect to incidence per year, it is estimated a range from 146 to 820 per 100,000 inhabitants for DM2 and a range from 10 to 17 new cases annually per 100,000 inhabitants for DM1. Costs for DM1 show very different results, averaging between 1,262 and 3,311 euro per people and year. There are differences for DM2 costs as well, averaging between 381 and 2,560 euro per patient and year. Total costs estimated range from 758 to 4,348 euro per person and year. Relationship between a low socioeconomic level (LSL) and DM2 risk has been proved. Moreover, it has been noted that the less LSL the worse is the disease control, coupled with a greater frequency and more frequent factors of DM2 risk. CONCLUSIONS: The knowledge about the situation of the DM as a Public Health problem in Spain is limited. Mortality data available does not gather its real magnitude, and prevalence, incidence, costs and inequalities research are very poor and hardly comparable. In spite of this degree of incertitude, we can state that DM is an important public health problem with a continuous increase, especially DM2, if the appropriate prevention and control measures are not taken.
Association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and the risk of postpartum hypertension: a cohort study in women with gestational diabetes.; Previous studies in general people indicated that hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) increased the risk of subsequent hypertension after delivery. Some studies found that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) had an increased risk of HDP. However, very few studies have assessed the association between HDP and the risk of postpartum hypertension among GDM women. To evaluate the association between HDP and the risk of postpartum hypertension among GDM women, a retrospective cohort study was conducted in 1261 women with prior GDM at their postpartum 1-5 years using the baseline data from Tianjin Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prevention Program. Cox regression models were applied to assess the single and joint associations of having a history of HDP, maternal pre-pregnancy Body mass index (BMI) (normal weight, overweight and obesity), and weight change from preconception to post-delivery with the risk of subsequent hypertension among the GDM women. We found that GDM women with a history of HDP, high pre-pregnancy BMI and weight gain >7 kg from preconception to post-delivery had an increased risk of postpartum hypertension. Joint effects analysis revealed that the positive association between a history of HDP in the index pregnancy and the risk of postpartum hypertension was consistent in GDM women with different levels of pre-pregnancy BMI or weight gain from preconception to post-delivery. In conclusion, a history of HDP, high pre-pregnancy BMI and weight gain >7 kg from preconception to post-delivery increase the risk of subsequent hypertension in postpartum 1-5 years among GDM women.
[Identification of protein markers for gestational diabetes mellitus complicated by pregnancy-induced hypertensive syndrome].; OBJECTIVE: To identify the serum protein markers for the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicated by pregnancy-induced hypertensive (PIH) syndrome to provide a molecular biological basis for the screening, prevention and therapy of the related diseases. METHODS: Serum samples were collected from the patients with GDM, PIH syndrome, and GDM complicated by PIH syndrome. IgG and albumins were removed from the samples before SDS -PAGE. The protein bands showing significant differences among the 3 samples were collected, digested and identified with mass spectrometry, and the function of the identified proteins was analyzed. RESULTS: Three SDS-PAGE were performed in parallel to confirm the differentially expressed proteins. Mass spectrometry indicated that the proteins showing obvious differences among the 3 samples were haptoglobin, protein SMG8 and apoptosis-inducing factor-1. CONCLUSIONS: The protein markers identified in GDM complicated by PIH syndrome may be integrated into the proteomic database of gestational metabolic diseases. Identification of the associated protein markers may provide significant experimental data for the prevention, diagnosis and therapy of the related diseases.
Association of BDNF polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus risk: a novel insight into genetic predisposition.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent metabolic disorder during pregnancy with potential long-term health implications for the mother and child. The interplay between genetics and GDM susceptibility remains an area of active research. Recently, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) was investigated in relation to obesity and impaired glucose metabolism and pathogenesis. We aimed to investigate the association of common BDNF polymorphisms, with GDM risk in Israeli females. METHODS: A cohort of 4,025 Israeli women data for BDNF common SNPs was analyzed for potential association with GDM using binary logistic regressions analysis (SPSS 29.0 and R) adjusted for confounding variables (age, T1DM, T2DM, PCOS) under different genetic models. RESULTS: The GDM and Non-GDM genetic frequencies for the BDNF rs925946 Tag-SNP were significantly different. The genetic frequencies were 54.16 %, and 66.91 % for the wild type (GG), 38.88 and 29.64 % for the heterozygotes (TC), and 6.94 and 3.48 % for the risk allele homozygotes (TT) for the GDM non-GDM populations, respectively. Carriers of BDNF rs925946 were significantly associated with higher risk for GDM, following the dominant genetic model (OR=1.7, 95 % CI 1.21-2.39, p=0.002), the recessive genetic model (OR=2.05, 95 % CI 1.04-4.03, p=0.03), and the additive genetic model (OR=1.62, 95 % CI 1.13-2.3, p=0.008). This association persisted after adjusting for age, T1DM, T2DM, and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). CONCLUSIONS: Carrying BDNF rs925946 polymorphism predisposes to a higher risk of GDM pathogenesis. Its role and implications warrant further investigation, especially when considering preventive measures for GDM development.
Gene expression profiling of changes induced by maternal diabetes in the embryonic heart.; Cardiovascular defects are one of the most common congenital defects associated with maternal diabetes. Based on whole embryo gene expression microarray analysis, 11 genes were chosen for temporal expression analysis of diabetes-exposed hearts. The majority of the selected genes were deregulated in diabetes-exposed hearts compared to our controls at E13.5, E14.5, and E18.5. We showed increased hypoxia and HIF-1α protein levels in diabetes-exposed hearts at E10.5, which is a critical time point for the induction of developmental defects associated with diabetic embryopathy. Additionally, we found increased cardiac Vegfa levels that might trigger developmental abnormalities associated with diabetic embryopathy. Our results show that maternal diabetes affects the temporal expression pattern of gene encoding molecules involved in heart development and tissue remodelling and that these molecules might affect heart maturation processes and thus, the final outcome of diabetic pregnancies.
Cardiac Doppler in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link to markers of intra-uterine hypoxia and adverse outcome.; The aim of the study was to investigate foetal cardiac function using the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link with intrauterine markers for hypoxia and to an adverse outcome. In a prospective, cross sectional study, 44 consecutive women with severe or poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies in their third trimester on insulin therapy were recruited and matched with 44 women with normal pregnancies which served as the control group. Using Doppler echocardiography the foetal Mod-MPI was calculated. The foetal Mod-MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to the controls indicating significant myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI served as an excellent marker of adverse outcomes. Foetal myocardial function was significantly impaired in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and there was a significant link of Mod-MPI to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome. Mod-MPI has the potential to improve foetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Abnormal foetal cardiac function, as reflected in the modified myocardial performance index, has been reported to be significantly increased in foetuses of poorly controlled diabetics managed on insulin.What do the results of this study add? There is a significant link between abnormal foetal cardiac function to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome; and that development of myocardial dysfunction could be one of the main mechanisms, inducing foetal compromise in poorly controlled gestational diabetes.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? This study explores an interesting concept of foetal pathophysiology in gestational diabetes, namely the concept of "pseudo-hypoxia" in a foetus of a gestational diabetic mother, and this intrauterine "hypoxic stress" in turn leading to myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI, a clinical marker for cardiac dysfunction, can therefore be used in the clinical setting to track a deteriorating metabolic state.
Association between maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in 8-year-old children: The Yamanashi Adjunct Study of the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS).; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy-related complications; it is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and metabolic disorders in offspring, consistent with the concept of the developmental origins of health and disease. This cohort study of women without diabetes (n = 761), who were part of the Yamanashi Adjunct Study of the Japan Environment and Children's Study, aimed to explore the associations between maternal GDM and their offspring's level of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), a biomarker of inflammatory and cardiovascular diseases. We analyzed the associations between GDM and the offspring's hsCRP levels using a multiple logistic regression model. A mother with GDM significantly increased the risk for high hsCRP level by 4.07-fold (≥2.0 mg/L) in the child. As such, maternal GDM was significantly associated with increased serum hsCRP levels in 8-year-old children.
The influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) on placental morphological changes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) are some of the most common medical conditions associated with pregnancy. These can be correlated with placental morphopathological changes and implicitly can influence good fetal development. The age and weight of the mother can be correlated directly proportionally with those of the fetus but also with histoarchitecture and placental vascularization. The placental appearance associated with GDM and GH reveals macroscopic features, such as calcifications, fibrin deposits and placental infarcts, but the most relevant pathological features are the microscopic ones, highlighted by the classical staining techniques: Hematoxylin-Eosin (HE), Periodic Acid-Schiff (PAS)-Hematoxylin and Masson's trichrome (MT), but also by immunohistochemical technique with the help of the anti-cluster of differentiation 34 (CD34) antibody that labeled the capital endothelium in the structure of the placental terminal villi and thus we were able to quantify the vascular density according to the associated medical pathology. The microscopic changes identified were represented by intravillous and extravillous fibrin depositions, massive placental infarctions caused by vascular suppression due to various causes, such as thrombosis, but also placental calcifications. All these macroscopic and microscopic morphopathological changes, together with the clinical data of the mother and the newborn, we have demonstrated that they are interconnected and that they can vary depending on the pathology, GH or GDM.
Up-regulation of BRD4 contributes to gestational diabetes mellitus-induced cardiac hypertrophy in offspring by promoting mitochondria dysfunction in sex-independent manner.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular disease in postnatal life. The current study tested the hypothesis that GDM caused the cardiac hypertrophy in fetal (ED18.5), postnatal day 7 (PD7), postnatal day 21 (PD21) and postnatal day 90 (PD90) offspring by upregulation of BRD4 and mitochondrial dysfunction. Pregnant mice were divided into control and GDM groups. Hearts were isolated from ED18.5, PD7, PD21 and PD90. GDM increased the body weight (BW) and heart weight (HW) in ED18.5 and PD7, but not PD21 and PD90 offspring. However, HW/BW ratio was increased in all ages of GDM offspring compared to control group. Electron microscopy showed disorganized myofibrils, mitochondrial swelling, vacuolization, and cristae disorder in GDM offspring. GDM resulted in myocardial hypertrophy in offspring, which persisted from fetus to adult in a sex-independent manner. Echocardiography analysis revealed that GDM caused diastolic dysfunction, but had no effect on systolic function. Meanwhile, myocardial BRD4 was significantly upregulated in GDM offspring and BRD4 inhibition by JQ1 alleviated GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in offspring. Co-immunoprecipitation showed that BRD4 interacted with DRP1 and there was an increase of BRD4 and DRP1 interaction in GDM offspring. Furthermore, GDM caused the accumulation of damaged mitochondria in hearts from all ages of offspring, including mitochondrial fusion fission imbalance (upregulation of DRP1, and downregulation of MFN1, MFN2 and OPA1) and myocardial mitochondrial ROS accumulation, which was reversed by JQ1. These results suggested that the upregulation of BRD4 is involved in GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in the offspring through promoting mitochondrial damage in a gender-independent manner.
Pregnancy outcomes in patients complicated with pre-excitation syndrome.; INTRODUCTION: Pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome are more likely to develop supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) during pregnancy and delivery, leading to an increased risk of adverse events. METHOD: This was a retrospective study of 309 pregnancies in 280 women (29 women had two pregnancies in this series) with pre-excitation syndrome who delivered at West China Second University Hospital from June 2011 to October 2021. All the 309 pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were divided into SVT and non-SVT groups to analyze the cardiac and obstetric complications. RESULTS: Among the included pregnant women in the past 10 years, the prevalence of pre-excitation syndrome was 0.24% (309/127725). There were 309 cases with pre-excitation syndrome in all hospitalized pregnant women. Among them, 62 (20.1%, 62/309) had a history of SVT. In the 62 cases with SVT during pregnancy, 22 (35.5%) cases had a history of SVT. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with SVT during pregnancy. The cesarean section rate was 88.7% in the SVT group, which was significantly higher than that in the non-SVT group (64.8%) (P < 0.001). Cases with SVT during pregnancy had more cardiac and obstetric complications. Four fetal deaths were recorded in the SVT group. Additionally, 29 women experienced two pregnancies during the study period, among whom, five received radiofrequency ablation after the first delivery and obtained better outcomes in the second pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The adverse outcomes such as cardiac complications, maternal and fetal complications (PROM, prematurity, SGA, fetal distress, etc.) in pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were closely related to SVT, with possible risk factors including history of SVT before pregnancy, cardiac function, heart organic abnormalities, and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Gestational diabetes and the metabolic syndrome: can obesity and small, dense low density lipoproteins be key mediators of this association?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a condition of glucose intolerance with first appearance or recognition at the time of a pregnancy, associated with an inadequate pancreatic response to the advanced insulin resistance of the later stages of pregnancy, and accompanied by enhancing β-cell mass and secretion of insulin. Women who had GDM exhibit a higher risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Additionally, previous GDM has been proposed as independently correlated with higher risk for development of atherosclerosis in a healthy population, similar to the metabolic syndrome (MetS) and independently of the presence of established CVD risk factors. Available data indicate multiple metabolic abnormalities common in women with GDM, including a high small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL) concentration and a resultant high prevalence of CVD and the MetS. Preliminary data indicate that a measurement of sdLDL is worthwhile in women with GDM during pregnancy as well as the postpartum period. A close follow up of these women should be emphasized in clinical practice because GDM could predict not only eventual health risks for these mothers, but also their offspring. Thus, an improvement in care and risk modification of women with GDM may not only contribute towards improved CVD profile, but also potentially prevent adverse outcomes in their offspring. Lifestyle changes should be promoted in order to prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy and decrease the risk of MetS in the postpartum and long-term.
Placental function test, clinical and biochemical parameters in diabetic pregnancy complicated by retinopathy.; The pregnancy in specific-beta 1-glycoprotein (SP1) has been characterized as a beta 1 electrophoretic mobile glycoprotein with a molecular weight of 90,000 daltons. SP1 is known to be synthesized by the trophoblast. The measurement of this protein has been shown to be useful as a placental function test. At present, we have compared maternal SP1 serum levels in diabetic pregnancies between White classes A to D on the one hand and R, F on the other. A total of 37 uncomplicated pregnancies in healthy women and 32 of insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic women were examined between completed gestational weeks 8 and 41. In the diabetic group there were eleven women with diabetic retinopathy. Maternal SP1 serum levels were estimated by single radial immunodiffusion using a monospecific antiserum. In the results were integrated maternal and neonatal data such as glycemic control, glycosylated hemoglobin and insulin requirements. In each group there was a significant rise in maternal SP1 serum values in the second and the third trimester, when compared with values in the first trimester (p less than 0.01). Between the 34th and the 37th gestational week we found significantly lower SP1 values (p less than 0.05) in the retinopathic group (104.2 +/- 28.7 mg/l) in comparison with the control group (149.9 +/- 61.0 mg/l) and non-retinopathic group (139.1 +/- 41.7 mg/l).
Gestational diabetes mellitus: fetal liver length measurements between 21and 24 weeks' gestation.; PURPOSE: To evaluate sonographic measurements of the fetal liver, fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly area between 21 and 24 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A total of 123 consecutive healthy pregnant women underwent sonographic examination at 21-24 weeks' gestational age. The measurements included fetal biometry, detailed anomaly scan, and fetal body composition measurements (subcutaneous fat, liver size, cardiac muscle thickness, and Wharton's jelly area). GDM was confirmed by way of a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test using World Health Organization criteria within 1 week of the examination. RESULTS: Nineteen (15.4%) women were diagnosed with GDM, while 104 (84.6%) women were without GDM. The mean fetal liver length was 36 mm (95% CI 32-37) in women with GDM and 31 mm (95% CI 30-33) in women without GDM (p < 0.01). Liver enlargement was related to maternal fasting glucose levels and not 2-hour postprandial levels. There was no significant difference in the fetal biometric and other fetal body measurements between the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this study suggest that midtrimester fetal liver length appears to be longer in GDM than in normal pregnancies. However, the fetal abdominal fat layer, interventricular septum, and Wharton's jelly were not affected. Nevertheless, further, larger randomized studies are required to confirm these findings.
[Newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus--what to look out for].; Screening for diabetes makes good sense in particular in patients with overweight, hypertension or dyslipidemia. For type 2 diabetes is often not recognized until sequelae have put in an appearance. Consideration must be given to the possible presence of neuropathy, micro- and macroangiopathy and cardiovascular and cerebral disease. The primary therapy recommendations for type 2 diabetics comprise diet, weight loss and increased exercise. Depending on the success of these measures and the patient's constitution, medication with biguanides, sulfonylureas, glinides, glitazones alpha-glucosidase inhibitors or, where indicated, insulin, is then applied.
[Antepartum and intrapartum cardiotocographic changes in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus].; In 69 insulin-dependent diabetic patients antepartal as well as intrapartal CTG's were evaluated retrospectively according to Fischer and Hammacher scores, revealing a marked decrease or a lack of decelerations together with a limitation of the oscillation amplitudes in the antepartal CTG. These show a marked increase during the last weeks of pregnancy. Intrapartal decelerations similar to variable dips are far more frequent. The same alterations, though less marked, are in part also found in latent diabetics. Owing to the small number of patients, and to a lack of literature in this field, no definitive conclusion can be drawn yet. Thus, prospective studies will still have to be carried out on a larger scale.
Risk factors combine in a complex manner in assessment for macrosomia.; BACKGROUND: Macrosomia is a serious public health concern. This study aimed to examine the combined effects of various risk factors on macrosomia. METHODS: The China Labor and Delivery Survey was a multicenter cross-sectional study that included 96 hospitals. Logistic regression analysis was performed to examine the combined effects of the risk factors for macrosomia. The population attributable risk percentage (PAR%) was calculated for the risk factors. RESULTS: A total of 64,735 live births, including 3,739 neonates with macrosomia, were used for the analysis. The weighted prevalence of macrosomia was 5.8%. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity, diabetes, and gestational hypertension have a synergistic effect on increasing the rate of macrosomia in mothers aged < 36 years. The highest odds ratio (36.15, 95% CI: 34.38-38.02) was observed in female fetuses whose mothers had both gestational hypertension and diabetes. However, in mothers aged ≥ 36 years, the synergistic effect of gestational hypertension and other factors did not exist, and the risk for macrosomia was reduced by 70% in female fetuses of mothers with both gestational hypertension and overweight/obesity. Pre-pregnancy risk factors (pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and advanced maternal age) contributed the most to macrosomia (23.36% of the PAR%), and the single largest risk factor was pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity (17.43% of the PAR%). CONCLUSION: Macrosomia was related to several common, modifiable risk factors. Some factors have combined effects on macrosomia (e.g., pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and diabetes), whereas gestational hypertension varies by maternal age. Strategies based on pre-pregnancy risk factors should be given more attention to reduce the burden of macrosomia.
Sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and gestational diabetes (1).; Over the past 30 years, the worldwide prevalence of obesity has nearly doubled. In addition, more and more women in their child-bearing years are overweight or obese, which increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It is increasingly accepted by the scientific community that early life exposure to environmental stress influences the long-term health of an individual, which has been termed the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease theory. Evidence from human cohorts and epidemiological and animal studies has shown that maternal obesity and GDM condition the offspring for cardiometabolic disease development. These effects are most likely regulated by epigenetic mechanisms; however, biological sex is an important factor in defining the risk of the development of several metabolic health disorders. The aim of this review is to describe the current evidence from human cohort and animal model studies that implicates sex differences in the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease following exposure to maternal obesity and GDM. In addition, this review addresses the potential mechanisms involved in these sex differences. In many studies, sex is ignored as an important variable in disease development; however, the results presented in this review highlight important differences between sexes in the developmental programming of biological responses to exposures during the fetal stage. This knowledge will ultimately help in the development of effective therapeutic strategies for the treatment of cardiometabolic diseases that exhibit sexual dimorphism.
Maternal Sleep-Disordered Breathing.; Emerging literature suggests that sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) worsens over the course of pregnancy and is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Earlier studies, using mainly snoring as a surrogate marker for SDB, have shown an increase in the prevalence of SDB during pregnancy compared with that in the pregravid state. More recently, prospective observational studies in which the investigators ascertained SDB by using complete polysomnography have shown a prevalence ranging from approximately 17% to 45% in the third trimester. Pregnancy itself can be associated with daytime hypersomnolence, so complaints of increasing fatigue and sleepiness during pregnancy are not specific for SDB. Moreover, snoring in isolation also has relatively poor sensitivity and specificity as a screening tool for diagnosing maternal SDB. The indications for screening for SDB during routine obstetric prenatal visits are still unclear, but observational studies indicate that maternal SDB is linked with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus. Some studies also have identified a relationship between maternal SDB and the delivery of infants who are small for gestational age. Aside from a few small interventional studies of CPAP in pregnant patients with gestational hypertension, little currently is known about whether treatment of SDB during pregnancy improves clinical outcomes for the mother and/or baby. Additional current knowledge gaps include elucidating underlying mechanisms of maternal SDB, determining optimal treatment strategies, and understanding the trajectory of SDB after delivery.
Diabetes prevention interventions for women after gestational diabetes mellitus: an overview of reviews.; AIMS: To present an overview of reviews of interventions for the prevention of diabetes in women after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the overall aim of gaining information in order to establish local interventions. METHODS: Six databases were searched for quantitative, qualitative or mixed-methods systematic reviews. All types of interventions or screening programmes were eligible. The outcomes were effectiveness of reducing diabetes incidence, encouraging healthy behavioural changes and enhancing women's perceptions of their increased risks of developing type 2 diabetes following GDM. RESULTS: Eighteen reviews were included: three on screening programmes and seven on participation and risk perceptions. Interventions promoting physical activity, healthy diet, breastfeeding and antidiabetic medicine reported significantly decreased incidence of postpartum diabetes, up to 34% reduction after any breastfeeding compared to none. Effects were larger if the intervention began early after birth and lasted longer. Participation in screening rose up to 40% with face-to-face recruitment in a GDM healthcare setting. Interventions were mainly based in healthcare settings and involved up to nine health professions, councillors and peer educators, mostly dieticians. Women reported a lack of postpartum care and demonstrated a low knowledge of risk factors for developing type 2 diabetes. Typical barriers to participation were lack of awareness of increased risk and low levels of support from family. CONCLUSIONS: Lifestyle interventions or pharmacological treatment postpartum was effective in decreasing diabetes incidence following GDM. Women's knowledge of the risk of diabetes and importance of physical activity was insufficient. Early face-to-face recruitment increased participation in screening. Programmes aimed at women following a diagnosis of GDM ought to provide professional and social support, promote screening, breastfeeding, knowledge of risk factors, be long-lasting and offered early after birth, preferably by face-to-face recruitment.
Detection of Cardiac Functions of Fetus with Diabetic Metabolic Disease through PEG-PCLNano Micelle and Ultrasound Technique.; The study was to probe into the application of ultrasound technique in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and research the progress of PEG-PCL nano micelle and ultrasound technique. METHOD: 210 patients with a singleton pregnancy fetus, who received the fetal echocardiography in Yuhang District First People's Hospital from March 2019 to March 2020, were selected as the subjects, including 101 fetuses who were confirmed as gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM), and 109 normal fetuses (control group). The ultrasound cardiogram technique was employed to detect the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, mitral/tricuspid annular displacement, left/right TEI indexes, and so on. The mean value of three cardiac cycles was taken as the test results. Finally, SPSS17.0 software was applied to the analysis of data. The nano micelle was made from the amphiphilic block copolymers (PEG-PCL) using the dialysis method/solvent evaporation method. The nanoscale ultrasound contrast agent was prepared from Decafluoropentane which was imaging gas. The characterizations were studied using the optical microscope, and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The temperature sensitivity and ultrasound sensitivity of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent were analyzed with the particle size as the evaluation index. The in-vitro ultrasound contrast experiment was conducted to study the contrast-enhanced effect. RESULTS: The fetal Tei index of the case group was higher than that of the control group, of which P<0.05 had statistical significance. However, the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, Em, Am, and Em/Am of mitral/tricuspid annular were not significantly different from those of the control group (P>0.05). The nano ultrasonic contrast agent prepared through the ultrasonic injection method had a uniform particle size and a hollow shell-core structure under an electron projection microscope. The particle size of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent varied with temperature, and its microbubbles were generated under ultrasonic conditions. As compared with the blank degassed water group, a real linear echo appeared inside the contrast agent group, with small and even echo spots. The back echo remained with no obvious attenuation and lasted for a longer period. However, the blank degassed group had no distinct echo intensity and spot. CONCLUSION: PEG-PCL nano-ultrasound contrast agent achieved an excellent imaging effect; there was no obvious change to heart function and structure of the fetus, when gestational diabetes pregnant had blood sugar perfectly controlled, however, the fetus's heart function may change in the last trimester.
Diabetic Nephropathy and Pregnancy.; Women with diabetic nephropathy have challenging pregnancies, with pregnancy outcomes far worse than expected for the stage of chronic kidney disease. The underlying mechanisms that cause the adverse events remain poorly understood, but it is a widely held belief that substantial endothelial injury in these women likely contributes. Maternal hypertension, preeclampsia, and cesarean section rates are high, and offspring are often preterm and of low birth weight, with additional neonatal complications associated with glycemic control. This review will present the current evidence for maternal and fetal outcomes of women with diabetic nephropathy and describe prepregnancy, antenatal, and peripartum optimization strategies.
Adipokines in early and mid-pregnancy and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes: a longitudinal study in a multiracial cohort.; INTRODUCTION: Several adipokines are implicated in the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), however, longitudinal data in early pregnancy on many adipokines are lacking. We prospectively investigated the association of a panel of adipokines in early and mid-pregnancy with GDM risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Within the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) Fetal Growth Studies-Singletons cohort (n=2802), a panel of 10 adipokines (plasma fatty acid binding protein-4 (FABP4), chemerin, interleukin-6 (IL-6), leptin, soluble leptin receptor (sOB-R), adiponectin, omentin-1, vaspin, and retinol binding protein-4) were measured at gestational weeks (GWs) 10-14, 15-26, 23-31, and 33-39 among 107 GDM cases (ascertained on average at GW 27) and 214 non-GDM controls. Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate ORs of each adipokine and GDM, controlling for known GDM risk factors including pre-pregnancy body mass index. RESULTS: Throughout pregnancy changes in chemerin, sOB-R, adiponectin, and high-molecular-weight adiponectin (HMW-adiponectin) concentrations from 10-14 to 15-26 GWs were significantly different among GDM cases compared with non-GDM controls. In early and mid-pregnancy, FABP4, chemerin, IL-6 and leptin were positively associated with increased GDM risk. For instance, at 10-14 GWs, the OR comparing the highest versus lowest quartile (ORQ4-Q1) of FABP4 was 3.79 (95% CI 1.63 to 8.85). In contrast, in both early and mid-pregnancy adiponectin (eg, ORQ4-Q1 0.14 (0.05, 0.34) during 10-14 GWs) and sOB-R (ORQ4-Q1 0.23 (0.11, 0.50) during 10-14 GWs) were inversely related to GDM risk. At 10-14 GWs a model that included conventional GDM risk factors and FABP4, chemerin, sOB-R, and HMW-adiponectin improved the estimated prediction (area under the curve) from 0.71 (95% CI 0.66 to 0.77) to 0.77 (95% CI 0.72 to 0.82). CONCLUSIONS: A panel of understudied adipokines including FABP4, chemerin, and sOB-R may be implicated in the pathogenesis of GDM with significant associations detected approximately 10-18 weeks before typical GDM screening.
Anthropometry and cardiovascular risk factors in women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To explore whether there are any differences in cardiovascular risk factors, including anthropometrics, blood pressure and serum glucose between women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. DESIGN: Longitudinal follow-up of mother and child previously recruited to a pregnancy biobank in Norway. SETTING: University hospital. POPULATION: Women with a history of preeclampsia (n = 23), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 11), or controls (n = 17), and their respective child were recruited 5-8 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: Anthropometrics and blood pressures were measured in mother and child. All non-diabetic women underwent an oral glucose challenge test. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Body mass index, waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, serum glucose, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. RESULTS: Women in the preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus groups had a slightly higher median systolic blood pressure (p < 0.05), and were more often abdominally obese (waist circumference ≥88 cm) compared with controls (p < 0.05). A waist to hip ratio ≥0.85 was more common in the diabetes group compared to the controls (p < 0.01). Fasting serum glucose was higher in the gestational diabetes mellitus group (p < 0.05) compared to controls. A higher proportion of children of mothers with diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia were overweight or obese compared to controls, but the difference was not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: This clinical study has identified several modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women and children 5-8 years after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. Potential intervention strategies could focus on life style alterations after delivery, with emphasis on weight management.
Fetal-neonatal uremia in advanced maternal diabetes.; A symmetrically growth retarded premature infant was born to a mother with advanced diabetic nephropathy, chronic renal failure, and hypertension, and managed with aggressive medical therapy without the use of dialysis. The neonatal course was uncomplicated, except for cord blood creatinine and BUN concentrations of 4.7 mg/dl and 116 mg/dl, respectively, that fell to 1.1 mg/dl and 44 mg/dl by 2 days of age. Strict glucose control, careful management of the metabolic abnormalities of uremia, and periodic surveillance of fetal well-being led to a successful pregnancy.
Sympathetic nervous system activity and reactivity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with vascular dysfunction. Sympathetic nervous system activity (SNA) is an important regulator of vascular function, and is influenced by glucose and insulin. The association between GDM and SNA (re)activity is unknown. We hypothesize that women with GDM would have increased SNA during baseline and during stress. METHODS: Eighteen women with GDM and 18 normoglycemic pregnant women (controls) were recruited. Muscle SNA (MSNA; peroneal microneurography) was assessed at rest, during a cold pressor test (CPT) and during peripheral chemoreflex deactivation (hyperoxia). Spontaneous sympathetic baroreflex gain was quantified versus diastolic pressure at rest and during hyperoxia. RESULTS: Age, gestational age (third trimester) and pre-pregnancy body mass index and baseline MSNA was not different among the groups. Women with GDM had a similar increase in MSNA, but a greater pressor response to CPT compared to controls (% change in MAP 17 ± 7% vs. 9 ± 9%; p = .004). These data are consistent with a greater neurovascular transduction in GDM (% change in total peripheral resistance/% change in burst frequency [BF]: 15.9 ± 30.2 vs. -5.2 ± 16.4, p = .03). Interestingly, women with GDM had a greater reduction in MSNA during hyperoxia (% change in BF -30 ± 19% vs. -6 ± 17%; p = .01). CONCLUSION: Women diagnosed with GDM have similar basal SNA versus normoglycemic pregnant women, but greater neurovascular transduction, meaning a greater influence of the sympathetic nerve activity in these women. We also document evidence of chemoreceptor hyperactivity, which may influence SNA in women with GDM but not in controls.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes and Incident Maternal CKD: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated whether GDM is associated with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD), controlling for prepregnancy risk factors for both conditions. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort. SETTING & PARTICIPANTS: Of 2,747 women (aged 18-30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study in 1985 to 86, we studied 820 who were nulliparous at enrollment, delivered at least 1 pregnancy longer than 20 weeks' gestation, and had kidney function measurements during 25 years of follow-up. PREDICTOR: GDM was self-reported by women for each pregnancy. OUTCOMES: CKD was defined as the development of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR)<60mL/min/1.73m(2) or urine albumin-creatinine ratio ≥ 25mg/g at any one CARDIA examination in years 10, 15, 20, or 25. MEASUREMENTS: HRs for developing CKD were estimated for women who developed GDM versus women without GDM using complementary log-log models, adjusting for prepregnancy age, systolic blood pressure, dyslipidemia, body mass index, smoking, education, eGFR, fasting glucose concentration, physical activity level (all measured at the CARDIA examination before the first pregnancy), race, and family history of diabetes. We explored for an interaction between race and GDM. RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 20.8 years, 105 of 820 (12.8%) women developed CKD, predominantly increased urine albumin excretion (98 albuminuria only, 4 decreased eGFR only, and 3 both). There was evidence of a GDM-race interaction on CKD risk (P=0.06). Among black women, the adjusted HR for CKD was 1.96 (95% CI, 1.04-3.67) in GDM compared with those without GDM. Among white women, the HR was 0.65 (95% CI, 0.23-1.83). LIMITATIONS: Albuminuria was assessed by single untimed measurements of urine albumin and creatinine. CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with the subsequent development of albuminuria among black women in CARDIA.
Mass spectrometry-based "omics" technologies for the study of gestational diabetes and the discovery of new biomarkers.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications occurring during pregnancy. Diagnosis is performed by oral glucose tolerance test, but harmonized testing methods and thresholds are still lacking worldwide. Short-term and long-term effects include obesity, type 2 diabetes, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The identification and validation of sensitidve, selective, and robust biomarkers for early diagnosis during the first trimester of pregnancy are required, as well as for the prediction of possible adverse outcomes after birth. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based omics technologies are nowadays the method of choice to characterize various pathologies at a molecular level. Proteomics and metabolomics of GDM were widely investigated in the last 10 years, and various proteins and metabolites were proposed as possible biomarkers. Metallomics of GDM was also reported, but studies are limited in number. The present review focuses on the description of the different analytical methods and MS-based instrumental platforms applied to GDM-related omics studies. Preparation procedures for various biological specimens are described and results are briefly summarized. Generally, only preliminary findings are reported by current studies and further efforts are required to determine definitive GDM biomarkers.
A pregnancy complication-dependent change in SIgA-targeted microbiota during third trimester.; Gut microbiota play a crucial role in metabolic dysfunction during gestation, which might be prevented by using probiotics. This study compared the composition of the gut microbiota in healthy and complicated pregnancies, for screening and isolating healthy pregnancy-derived probiotics. According to the principal component analysis of secretory immunoglobulin A (SIgA)-coated microbiota in the gut, third-trimester volunteers can be divided into three groups: AHd (n = 29), GDMd (n = 37), and GHd (n = 25), dominated by asymptomatic healthy donors (62.07%), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) donors (40.54%), and gestational hypertension (GH) donors (40%), respectively. There was a significant difference in β-diversity (p < 0.01) and α-diversity (p < 0.05) among the three groups. At the phylum level, the Firmicutes of the GHd group were significantly lower than those of the AHd group (p = 0.039), while Bacteroidetes (p = 0.005) and Proteobacteria (p = 0.002) of the GHd group were more dominant than those of the AHd group. At the genus level, the linear discriminant analysis effect size showed that SIgA-targeted Enterococcus was the dominant taxonomic biomarker of the AHd group, and the GHd group was enriched with Escherichia and Streptococcus. The GDMd and GHd groups had higher faecal calprotectin, serum lipopolysaccharide, zonulin, and GLYCAM-1 levels. We conclude that the occurrence of complications in the third trimester may be related to intestinal barrier injury associated with disorders of the intestinal SIgA-targeted microbiota; gut barrier injury triggers inflammation in pregnant women. SIgA-targeted L. reuteri showed a significant correlation with low inflammatory response and may be a potential probiotic candidate for preventing pregnancy complications.
Bayes Conditional Probability-Based Causation Analysis between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension (PIH): A Statistic Case Study in Harbin, China.; Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) would influence the gestation significantly. However, the causation between these two symptoms remains speculative. 16,404 pregnant women were identified in Harbin, China, in this study. We investigated and evaluated the causal effect of GDM on PIH based on the Bayes conditional probability. The statistical results indicated that PIH might cause GDM, but not vice versa. Also, this case study demonstrated that the decrease temperature might also cause hypertension during pregnancy, and the prevalence rate of GDM increased with age. However, the prevalence of diabetes did not show a remarkable difference in varied areas and ages. This study could provide some essential information that will help to investigate the mechanism for GDM and PIH.
Association of serum amyloid A with subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes.; The aim of our study was to evaluate serum amyloid A (SAA), an acute phase reactant, and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) as a valid predictor of atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Serum samples from 39 pregnant women with GDM and 25 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of SAA. CIMT was measured in both groups to evaluate future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. The SAA level was measured with ELISA. The mean arterial blood pressure (MABP), CIMT and SAA levels were significantly higher in women with GDM compared with healthy pregnant controls (p = 0.033, p = 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). There were significant correlations between SAA and age, BMI, MABP, 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and A1c (p = 0.048, p = 0.037, p = 0.035, p = 0.042 and p = 0.048, respectively) and between CIMT and BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT, (p = 0.001, p = 0.004 and p < 0.001, respectively) in correlation analysis. Furthermore, there was a correlation between SAA and CIMT (p = 0.048). Increased SAA and CIMT values in GDM compared with healthy controls might indicate an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis and future atherosclerotic heart disease and the importance of inflammation in this process. These changes were associated with obesity, hypertension and glucose intolerance-related factors (BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT), which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology.
In human gestational diabetes mellitus congenital malformations are related to pre-pregnancy body mass index and to severity of diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: This study analysed the relationship between congenital malformations (CM) and severity of gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A cohort of 2060 infants of mothers with gestational diabetes was studied. Universal screening and 3(rd) Workshop-Conference criteria were used to diagnose gestational diabetes. The severity of diabetes was assessed on the basis of previous hyperglycaemia, blood glucose values in diagnostic OGTT, area under the glucose curve, gestational age and HbA(1)c at diagnosis, insulin requirements during pregnancy, and OGTT after delivery. Potentially confounding variables (age, pre-pregnancy BMI, smoking) were considered. The relationship of potential predictors with CM was analysed with several multivariate logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: The rate of CM was 6% for minor and 3.8% for major malformations (1.4% heart, 0.8% renal/urinary, 0.7% skeletal, 0.3% hypospadias, 0.2% central nervous system, 0.2% cleft lip/palate, 0.1% digestive tract, 0.3% other). In the final models, forward logistic regression analysis identified pre-pregnancy BMI as the predictor of CM (area under receiver operating characteristic curve 0.616); in the backward analysis additional predictors were 1-h blood glucose in diagnostic OGTT and gestational age at diagnosis (area under receiver operating characteristic curve 0.646). Both BMI and severity of gestational diabetes were predictors of heart and minor CM, whereas BMI predicted renal/urinary CM and severity of diabetes predicted skeletal CM. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In these infants of mothers with gestational diabetes, severity of diabetes and pre-pregnancy BMI were predictors of CM, in accordance with the well-documented pathogenic role of BMI (in the general population) and hyperglycaemia (in diabetic pregnancy). BMI was the main predictor of more prevalent CM.
Evaluation of oxidative stress and antioxidant status in diabetic and hypertensive women during labor.; Pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is associated with a greater incidence of fetal abnormality. Animal studies suggested that increased free-radical production and antioxidant depletion may contribute to this risk. The objective of this work was to evaluate oxidative stress and antioxidant capacity in hypertensive, diabetics, and healthy control women during labor. Simultaneous determination of antioxidant enzymes activities, namely glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), glutathione reductase (GSH-red), superoxide dismutase (SOD), total antioxidant, and lipid peroxides measured as thiobarbituric acid-reactive substances (TBARS) levels, were carried out in maternal plasma during labor. Plasma GSH-Px activity was found to be significantly increased as it doubled in hypertensive, and diabetic women when compared with healthy control women (P < 0.05). In contrast, plasma SOD activity was significantly decreased in both groups when compared to the control group (P < 0.05). No significant differences were detected in GSH-Red activity between diabetic, hypertensive and control groups. Alterations in antioxidant enzyme activities were accompanied by a significant increase in the levels of plasma lipid peroxides in hypertensive and diabetic women during labor. Plasma levels of total antioxidants were significantly increased in diabetic women as compared with the control group. Based on our results, it may be concluded that enhanced generation of oxidative stress causes alteration of antioxidant capacity in diabetic and hypertensive women during labor. Alterations in antioxidant and prooxidant components may result in various complications including peroxidation of vital body molecules which may be regarded as an increased risk factor for pregnant women as well as the fetus.
Differential expression of cord blood neurotrophins in gestational diabetes: the impact of fetal growth abnormalities.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may induce fetal macrosomia or growth restriction and is associated with later offspring neurodevelopmental disorders. We aimed to determine whether neurotrophins brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), nerve growth factor (NGF) and neurotrophin-4 (NT-4) are differentially expressed in cord blood samples at birth in large-for-gestational-age (LGA), intrauterine-growth-restricted (IUGR) and appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) offspring of diabetic mothers, as compared to AGA controls from non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: BDNF, NGF and NT-4 concentrations were prospectively determined in 80 cord blood samples from LGA (n = 15), IUGR (n = 12) and AGA (n = 33) diabetic, as well as from AGA normal (controls, n = 20) singleton full-term pregnancies. RESULTS: Fetal BDNF concentrations considerably decreased in GDM, as compared with normal pregnancies [(b = -2.836, 95%CI -5.067 to (-0.604), p = 0.013)] and were higher in females (b = 2.298, 95%CI 0.357-4.238, p = 0.021). Cord blood NGF concentrations were lower in IUGR than AGA infants (p = 0.038). CONCLUSIONS: BDNF is down-regulated in the fetus exposed to GDM, independently of the fetal growth pattern, probably representing a candidate mechanism underlying the association between maternal diabetes and later psychopathology. IUGR fetuses born to diabetic mothers present with NGF deficiency, which may contribute to their long-term neurodevelopmental sequelae. Gender-dependent differences in fetal BDNF may partly explain the higher prevalence of adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes following brain insults in male infants.
Gestational diabetes exacerbates maternal immune activation effects in the developing brain.; Maternal inflammation and diabetes increase the risk for psychiatric disorders in offspring. We hypothesized that these co-occurring risk factors may potentiate each other. To test this, we maternally exposed developing mice in utero to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or maternal immune activation (MIA). Fetal mouse brains were exposed to either vehicle, GDM, MIA or GDM+MIA. At gestational day (GD) 12.5, GDM produced a hyperglycemic, hyperleptinemic maternal state, whereas MIA produced significant increases in proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines. Each condition alone resulted in an altered, inflammatory and neurodevelopmental transcriptome profile. In addition, GDM+MIA heightened the maternal inflammatory state and gave rise to a new, specific transcriptional response. This exacerbated response was associated with pathways implicated in psychiatric disorders, including dopamine neuron differentiation and innate immune response. Based on these data, we hypothesize that children born to GDM mothers and exposed to midgestation infections have an increased vulnerability to psychiatric disorder later in life, and this should be tested in follow-up epidemiological studies.
Hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, and anemia: three common medical complications of pregnancy.; Hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, and anemia are three common medical complications of pregnancy. In many cases, primary care physicians manage them. The understanding of these conditions and recommendations for their treatment are in constant evolution. Care for patients with these problems requires a working knowledge of current information. This article reviews the current knowledge about and treatment of these three disorders.
Gestational diabetes mellitus. Risk factors, obstetric complications and infant outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate risk factors, obstetric complications and infant outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: We performed a population-based, longitudinal study of 824 women diagnosed with GDM in Nova Scotia, Canada, between 1980 and 1993. Adjusted relative risks (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated through logistic regression. RESULTS: After controlling for confounding variables, the following were associated with an increased incidence of GDM: maternal age, prepregnancy weight, previous spontaneous or induced abortion (RR 1.41, 95% CI 1.18-1.68), previous stillbirth (RR 1.80, 95% CI 1.08-3.01), previous low birth weight infant (RR 1.48, 95% CI 1.03-2.14), previous high-birth-weight (HBW) infant (RR 1.51, 95% CI 1.18-1.93) and chronic hypertension (RR 2.03, 95% CI 1.19-3.44). The relationship between maternal age and prepregnancy weight with GDM was nonlinear; women over age 35 and with a prepregnancy weight < or = 49 kg or > 65 kg demonstrated an increased risk. Urinary tract infection, polyhydramnios, oligohydramnios, chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia, mild preeclampsia and uterine bleeding of unknown origin occurred more frequently in women with GDM than in those in whom the diagnosis was not made. HBW infants were more likely to be born to women with GDM than to women without GDM. Finally, women with GDM were over twice as likely to undergo cesarean birth (RR 2.30, 95% CI 1.99-2.65). CONCLUSION: The risk of developing GDM is greatest in women over age 35, when prepregnancy weight is < 49 kg or > 65 kg and in those with chronic hypertension. Pregnancies complicated by GDM are at risk and need to be monitored closely for obstetric complications and adverse infant outcomes.
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. METHODS: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). RESULTS: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
[The role of early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus].; The study aimed to assess fetal outcome in gestational diabetic women and necessity of making screening test in these cases. 94 consecutive women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) made up a study group. All women had been taken care of Perinatology and Gynecology Department of Silesian Medical Academy in period 2002-2003. The study group patients were divided into subgroups. The first group (n = 32) young women, in the second group (n = 62) patients over 30 years old. The following parameters were analyzed: obesity, hypertension, glucosuria, family history of diabetes mellitus, past obstetric history (pregnancy complications, abortions, dead infants and infants over 4000 g). Early glucose tolerance screening during first clinic visit could prevent some diabetes-related complications in GDM among women with risk factors.
Ultrasonographic weight estimation in large for gestational age fetuses: a comparison of 17 sonographic formulas and four models algorithms.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the accuracy of different formulas and role of fetal parameters (cephalic, abdominal, femur) used for estimation fetal weight (EFW) in large for gestational age (LGA) fetus in diabetic and non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: Seventeen formulas were assessed individually and clustered in four algorithms (X, Y, Z, W) on the basis of fetal biometric parameters using the mean absolute % error, standard deviation (SD), prediction within +/-5%, +/-10%, +/-15% of error and introducing new variable hypotenuse test (HPT) that can sum up precision and accuracy of formulas employed. For predicting fetal macrosomia (BW > or = 4200 g) a receiver-operating characteristic curve was constructed. RESULTS: Warsof2 formula showed the lowest mean % error, SD and HPT (p < 0.01) with overall prediction +/-5, +/-10%, +/-15% of birth weight in 68, 94 and 98%. The formulas that were only based on abdominal measurement (Warsof2, Hadlock1, Campbell) showed the best ability to identify fetal macrosomia. The X algorithm confirming primary role of abdominal circumference for EFW in diabetic mothers. CONCLUSIONS: Accuracy of EFW in LGA fetuses is attributable to the biometric parameters used. Our findings show that the best formulas for EFW are those which only consider the abdominal measurements, especially in diabetic mothers. The new variable that we propose (HPT) confirms this result.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardio-metabolic risk factors in women and children at 3 years postpartum.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is thought to be associated with cardio-metabolic risk factor development in women and their children during the early postpartum period and early childhood. We hypothesized that these women and their children would exhibit increased abnormal cardio-metabolic risk factors three years after pregnancy. METHODS: Women from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy study were invited to attend a follow-up with the child from their index pregnancy at 3 years postpartum. Women and children were assessed for anthropometric measures and haemodynamic function. Fasting blood samples were obtained from women to assess lipid and glucose status. RESULTS: A total of 281 woman-child dyads participated in the 3-year follow-up, with 40 women developing GDM during their index pregnancy. Fasting serum insulin was higher in women with GDM in index pregnancy compared to those with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, this association was mediated by early pregnancy BMI and socioeconomic index (SEI). The rate of metabolic syndrome was higher in the GDM group than the uncomplicated pregnancy group. Maternal GDM was associated with elevated maternal fasting serum triglycerides at 3 years after adjustment for early pregnancy BMI and SEI. Children exposed to GDM in utero had higher waist circumference compared to children born after an uncomplicated pregnancy, but this is mediated the above covariates. CONCLUSION: Exposure to GDM is associated with elevated serum triglycerides in women at 3 years postpartum but other cardiometabolic outcomes in women and children appear to be mediated by early pregnancy BMI and SEI.
Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy by Maternal Birthplace.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy increase the risk for future adverse health outcomes in the pregnant woman and baby, and disparities exist in the rates of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy by race/ethnicity. The objective of this study is to identify the differences in gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy rates by maternal place of birth within race/ethnicity groups. METHODS: In women aged 15-44 years at first live singleton birth in U.S. surveillance data between 2014 and 2019, age-standardized rates of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and the rate ratios of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women born outside versus those born in the U.S. were evaluated, stratified by race/ethnicity. Analyses were conducted in 2021. RESULTS: Of 8,574,264 included women, 6,827,198 were born in the U.S. (mean age=26.2 [SD 5.7] years), and 1,747,066 were born outside the U.S. (mean age=28.2 [SD=5.8] years). Overall, the gestational diabetes mellitus rate was higher in women born outside than in those born in the U.S. (70.3, 95% CI=69.9, 70.7 vs 53.2, 95% CI=53.0, 53.4 per 1,000 live births; rate ratio=1.32, 95% CI=1.31, 1.33), a pattern observed in most race/ethnic groups. By contrast, the overall hypertensive disorders of pregnancy rate was lower in those born outside than in those born in the U.S. (52.5, 95% CI=52.2, 52.9 vs 90.1, 95% CI=89.9, 90.3 per 1,000 live births; rate ratio=0.58, 95% CI=0.58, 0.59), a pattern observed in most race/ethnic groups. CONCLUSIONS: In the U.S., gestational diabetes mellitus rates were higher and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy rates were lower in women born outside the U.S. than in those born in the U.S. in most race/ethnicity groups.
Infants of diabetic mothers: late normalization of fetal cyclic motility persists after birth.; The prenatal development of cyclic motility (CM) in the human is disrupted by maternal diabetes, but appears normal by the end of gestation. To determine whether birth and adaptation to postnatal life reveal new or persisting abnormalities in CM, 24 newborn infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers (IDMs) and 24 normal newborns were studied for 2-4 hr in a controlled environment. Spectral analysis of spontaneous movement revealed that CM was common in both groups. Measures of its cyclic organization in each state did not differ between IDMs and controls. State differences were the same in the two groups, and replicated the pattern found in a previous study of normal newborns. For IDMs, there were no differences associated with neonatal evidence of increased glucose supply in utero (macrosomia, postnatal hypoglycemia), or with determinations of prenatal maternal hyperglycemia. IDMs had also been studied as fetuses, and the pattern of continuity and change in CM across birth replicated the pattern previously reported for normal fetuses. The results suggest that the development and control of CM is buffered from the prenatal metabolic insults suffered by IDMs, and support speculations that cyclic activation is a general and robust property of the developing motor system in the human.
A novel smartphone app to change risk behaviors of women after gestational diabetes: A randomized controlled trial.; AIMS: Women after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are a risk group for cardiometabolic diseases but are hard to reach by conventional lifestyle programs. Therefore, we tested whether a novel, smartphone-delivered intervention, TRIANGLE, is accepted by women after GDM and alters cardiometabolic risk behaviors and outcomes. TRIANGLE targets gradual habit change of mind and emotion, physical activity, nutrition, and sleep. METHODS: We conducted a 6-month multicenter, randomized-controlled trial of TRIANGLE versus standard care with 66 women 3-18 months after GDM in Germany. The primary outcome was the proportion of women achieving ≥3 out of 5 Diabetes Prevention Program goals, i.e. physical activity ≥150 min/week (moderate to high intensity), fiber intake ≥15 g/1,000 kcal, fat intake <30% of total energy intake, saturated fat intake <10% of total energy intake, and weight reduction ≥5% if BMI ≥23 kg/m2 or weight maintenance if BMI <23 kg/m2. Intervention participants also rated the TRIANGLE app in the Mobile Application Rating Scale (uMARS). RESULTS: In the predefined, modified intention-to-treat analysis including 64 women, 6 out of 27 women in the intervention group [22%(10-40)] and 3 out of 27 women in the control group [11%(3-27)] reached the primary outcome (p = 0.47). In the predefined per-protocol intervention subgroup, the proportion was 4 out of 14 women [29%(11-55); p = 0.20 vs. control]. TRIANGLE app users were active on 42% of days and rated the app's quality and perceived impact with 4.3±0.8 out of 5 uMARS points. CONCLUSIONS: This first trial did not show the efficacy of the TRIANGLE intervention. However, the app was well accepted and considered helpful by most users. Therefore, this trial supports further development and testing of TRIANGLE and other app interventions for women after GDM. Additionally, it identifies necessary adaptations in trial design to better accommodate non-intensive lifestyle interventions for this target group. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Trial registration at drks.de (DRKS00012996).
The association of intrauterine growth abnormalities in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus complicated by vasculopathy.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to test whether vasculopathy in type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with fetal growth abnormalities. STUDY DESIGN: Women with type 1 DM (n = 340) were enrolled in a prospective study of diabetes in pregnancy and classified according to vascular status: NV (no vasculopathy, n = 181), HBR (hypertension or background retinopathy, n = 79), PR (proliferative retinopathy only, n = 16), NEP (nephropathy only, n = 40), and PRN (proliferative retinopathy and nephropathy, n = 24). Association of vascular status with low birthweight (LBW) and small for gestational age (SGA) infants was analyzed. RESULTS: The odds ratios for delivery of a LBW infant compared to women without vasculopathy after controlling for maternal age, gestational age and race were: HBR 1.0, PR 2.2, NEP 3.7, and PRN 5.5. The odds ratios for delivery of a SGA infant were: HBR 0.7, PR 10.4, NEP 1.9, and PRN 9.9. CONCLUSION: Diabetic vasculopathy is associated with increased odds for delivery of low-birthweight or SGA infants.
Effect of pioglitazone on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in non-diabetic premenopausal Hispanic women with prior gestational diabetes.; The Pioglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (PIPOD) study was a single arm 3-year open-label pioglitazone treatment to determine the effects of pioglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who had completed the troglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (TRIPOD) study. Here we report the results on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in non-diabetic women. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates during pioglitazone treatment to rates that had been observed during either placebo or troglitazone treatment in the TRIPOD study. Sixty-one women met the entry criteria with mean age of 40 years. In the 30 women who came to PIPOD from the placebo arm of TRIPOD, the CIMT rate was 69% lower during pioglitazone treatment than it had been during placebo (0.0031 vs. 0.0100mm/yr, p=0.006). In the 31 women who came to PIPOD from the troglitazone arm of TRIPOD, CIMT rate was 38% lower during pioglitazone than it had been during troglitazone, a difference that was not statistically significant (0.0037 vs. 0.0060mm/year; p=0.26). Adjustment for differences in baseline characteristics and potential on-trial confounders did not alter the conclusion but did increase the CIMT rates differences slightly. We conclude that treatment with pioglitazone slowed CIMT progression in women who had been on placebo in the TRIPOD study and maintained a relatively low rate of progression in women who had been on troglitazone. Pioglitazone slows progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in young Hispanic women at increased risk for type 2 diabetes.
[Abortion following recent myocardial infarct].; There is reported about a 42 years old woman suffering from a myocardial infarction in the 9th weeks of pregnancy. According to her wish the pregnancy was interrupted in the 22nd gestational week by hysterotomy and sterilization of tube. Probable causes, frequency and prognosis are discussed. References are made to the therapeutical action.
Improving Postpartum and Long-Term Health After an Adverse Pregnancy Outcome: Examining Interventions From a Health Equity Perspective.; Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) that affect 15% of pregnancies in the United States. These APOs have long-term health implications, with greater risks of future cardiovascular and chronic disease later in life. In this manuscript, we review the importance of timely postpartum follow-up and transition to primary care after APOs for future disease prevention. We also discuss interventions to improve postpartum follow-up and long-term health after an APO. In recognizing racial and ethnic disparities in APOs and chronic disease, we review important considerations of these interventions through a health equity lens.
Renal vein thrombosis in the neonate: a case report and review of the literature.; We report a case of bilateral renal vein thrombosis in a neonate, and reviewed available literature. The neonate was a macrosomic male born to a mother with glycosuria in pregnancy. There was delay in commencing breasttfeeding for up to 36 hours due to lack of lactation by themother. Clinical and laboratory examination showed enlarged palpable kidneys and azotemia. Diagnosis of bilateral renal vein thrombosis was confirmed by renal ultrasonography. The child is being managed conservatively. Measures aimed at prevention of the disease because of its poor outcome were highlighted.
Progression of retinopathy during pregnancy in type 1 diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: The incidence and risk factors for progression of retinopathy during pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus were retrospectively evaluated. METHODS: Fifty-four insulin-dependent diabetic patients at a teaching hospital in Saudi Arabia were followed throughout the pregnancy/puerperium with serial ophthalmic examination. Dilated fundus examination was performed in each trimester and puerperium. RESULTS: Progression of diabetic retinopathy in the study occurred in 13/54 (24%) patients--2/22 (9.1%) patients had no diabetic retinopathy initially, 4/20 (20%) had non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy (NPDR) and 7/12 (58.3%) had proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR). Of the eight patients with PDR who had no laser treatment before pregnancy, six (75%) showed progression but only one of the four patients who had PDR and laser treatment prior to pregnancy experienced progression of retinopathy. Eight patients in total received panretinal photocoagulation to arrest the progression of retinal disease during pregnancy and only one of them had laser treatment prior to pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Laser photocoagulation for severe NPDR or early PDR prior to pregnancy may protect against rapid progression of PDR. Visual impairment resulting from progression of PDR can be prevented by aggressive laser treatment during pregnancy. Duration of diabetes>15 years, poor glycaemic control and hypertension are high-risk factors in the progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.
[Air embolism during elective cesarean section, and uterine atony due to fetal macrosomia].; We report the case of a paradoxical air embolism during a scheduled cesarean section for fetal macrosomia (7.010 kg) in a 38-year-old woman with a history of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Spinal anesthesia was satisfactory and well tolerated. After approximately 30 minutes (coinciding with uterine exteriorization), the patient presented a sudden episode of dyspnea, confusion, hypotension, and ST segment depression. The episode lasted approximately 10 minutes and resolved spontaneously with no sequelae. Neurological status and the electrocardiogram were normal at the end of surgery and no postoperative lesions were observed. In the immediate postoperative period, the patient presented a massive hemorrhage due to uterine atony. Echocardiography revealed a patent foramen ovale. The clinical signs in this patient are highly suggestive of a paradoxical cerebral and coronary air embolism.
Assessment of cardiac functions in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers.; We investigated cardiac function in 67 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) and 122 fetuses of healthy mothers between 24 and 36 weeks of gestation. Cardiac functions were evaluated by M-mode, pulsed-wave, and tissue Doppler echocardiography. Fetal echocardiograms were performed at 24, 28, 32, and 36 weeks of gestation. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were obtained from all pregnant women at 24 weeks of gestation. The mean age of diabetic pregnant women was significantly greater than that of controls. Serum HbA1c values of both groups were within normal limits, but they were significantly greater in the diabetic group (p = 0.003). The increase in peak aortic and pulmonary artery velocities were greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). No pathological interventricular septal (IVS) hypertrophy was observed. There was a significant increase in IVS thickness in FGDM compared with controls, which was more prominent at the end of the third trimester (p < 0.001). During the course of pregnancy, mitral E-wave (p < 0.001), A-wave (p = 0.007), tricuspid E-wave (p < 0.001) and A-wave (p = 0.002) velocities were greater in FGDM. The increases in mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A ratios were lower in FGDM with advancing gestation. The E a-wave (p = 0.02), A a-wave (p = 0.04), and S a-wave (p < 0.001) velocities of the right-ventricular (RV) free wall and the E a (p = 0.02) and A a (p = 0.01) velocities of the left-ventricle (LV) posterior wall were greater in FGDM during the course of pregnancy. The E a/A a ratio of the RV posterior wall was greater in FGDM with advancing gestation (p < 0.03). LV and RV E/E a ratios were similar in both groups. The LV myocardial performance index measured by pulsed-wave Doppler was greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). We detected diastolic dysfunction in FGDM. The data suggest that gestational diabetes mellitus may impair ventricular diastolic functions without causing pathological fetal myocardial hypertrophy. We detected subclinical diastolic dysfunction using both pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler imaging in FGDM.
Leptin and adiponectin as predictors of cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. Adipokine imbalance in the presence of metabolic dysfunction may be a key event in promoting CVD. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma adiponectin, leptin and the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting adiponectin and leptin levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. RESULTS: We found the L/A ratio higher in GDM women both during pregnancy and follow-up compared to non-GDM women. A high L/A ratio during pregnancy was associated with CV risk based on lipid ratios at follow-up, especially the TG/HDL-C ratio. Further, interaction analysis indicated that an increase in the L/A ratio of 1 unit was associated with a higher CV risk in GDM compared to normal pregnancy. Finally, low adiponectin levels independently predicted increased lipid ratios at follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, our findings suggest that high L/A ratio in pregnancy and in particularly in those with GDM are associated with an unfavorable CVD risk profile during follow-up. Future studies should investigate if a dysregulated leptin and adiponectin profile during pregnancy is associated with atherosclerotic disease during long-term follow-up.
Aortic and ventricular dilation and myocardial reduction in gestation day 17 ICR mouse fetuses of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with increased fetal teratogenesis, including cardiovascular defects. Information regarding cardiovascular changes in late-gestation fetal mice, related to maternal hyperglycemia, is not present in the literature. METHODS: Late-gestation fetal heart and great vessel morphology were analyzed in fetuses from control and diabetic mice. Female ICR mice were injected with streptozocin (200 mg/kg IP) prior to mating to induce diabetes (n = 8). Nonhyperglycemic females were used as controls (n = 8). At day 17 of gestation, females were euthanized and one fetus was arbitrarily selected per litter to analyze the heart and great vessels. Six additional fetuses from different litters, showing external malformations (spina bifida and/or exencephaly), were also evaluated from the diabetic group. Fetal thoraxes were processed using routine histopathologic techniques, and 7-mum transversal sections were stained with hematoxylin-eosin. Digital images of sections were made and analyzed using NIH Image J software to compare regional cardiac development. Student's t tests for means were performed to determine differences between groups (p < .05). RESULTS: Maternal hyperglycemia caused a dilation of late-gestation fetal ventricular chambers, a reduction of total ventricular myocardial area, and an increase in transversal ascending thoracic aortic area. Three of six fetuses that displayed external malformations showed an overt cardiac defect, beyond the ventricular and myocardial changes. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hyperglycemia altered morphology of the late-gestation fetal mouse heart. Postnatal persistence or consequences of late-gestation heart chamber dilation and myocardial reduction are not yet known.
Pregnancy outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus according to pre-gestational BMI in a retrospective multi-institutional study in Japan.; The aim of this study was to determine the effects of pre-gestational body mass index on pregnancy outcomes of women with gestational diabetes in Japan. A multi-institutional retrospective study was performed. We examined pregnant women who met the former criteria for gestational diabetes in Japan, receiving dietary intervention with self-monitoring of blood glucose with or without insulin therapy. Women with gestational diabetes were divided into three groups according to pre-gestational body mass index: body mass index <25 (control group), 25 ≤ body mass index <30 (overweight group), body mass index ≥30 (obese group). Data from a total of 1,758 eligible women were collected from 40 institutions. Participants included 960 controls, 426 overweight women, and 372 obese women with gestational diabetes. Gestational weight gain was highest in the control and lowest in the obese group. The prevalences of chronic hypertension and pregnancy induced hypertension were higher in the overweight and obese groups than in the control group. Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed pre-gestational body mass index, gestational weight gain, chronic hypertension, and nulliparity to be associated with the onset of pregnancy induced hypertension, while the 75-g OGTT results were unrelated to pregnancy induced hypertension. The prevalence of large-for-gestational age was lower in infants born to obese women than in those born to overweight or control women. The present results suggest that medical interventions for obese women with gestational diabetes may contribute to reducing the prevalence of large-for-gestational age but would not achieve marked reductions in maternal complications.
Does gestational diabetes history increase epicardial fat and carotid intima media thickness?; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that has begun during pregnancy. Recent studies have proven that development of atherosclerosis may be established in this population even without presence of type 2 diabetes. For assessment of atherosclerosis, epicardial fat thickness (EFT) is recently being used as a surrogate marker. In this study, we aimed to prove that women with GDM history are more inclined to have higher EFT levels than women without GDM history. METHODS: Sixty-two patients with previous GDM and 33 age- and sex-matched controls were allocated. Epicardial fat thicknesses of the subjects were measured with transthorasic echocardiography and carotid intima media thickness (c-IMT) was measured with ultrasound. Insulin resistance (IR) of each subject was assessed with Homeostasis model of assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). RESULTS: Carotid IMT and EFT were significantly higher in previous GDM group than controls. Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), uric acid, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were also found significantly higher in the patients with previous GDM as compared to the controls. We observed that carotid IMT (β = 310, P = 0.003), total cholesterol (β = 315, P = 0.002), BMI (β = 308, P = 0.002), HbA1c (β = 227, P = 0.018), and HOMA-IR (β = 184, P = 0.049) were independently correlated with EFT. CONCLUSIONS: Although the number of patients included in this study is limited, high EFT results may indicate presence of atherosclerosis in women with previous GDM.
Birth characteristics and subsequent risks of maternal cardiovascular disease: effects of gestational age and fetal growth.; BACKGROUND: Prior studies showing an inverse relationship between low birth weight in offspring and maternal risks of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are limited by lack of information on gestational age and/or insufficient adjustment for confounders. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a nationwide Swedish study, we included information on 923 686 women and their first singleton births between 1983 and 2005. Cox proportional hazards models were used to study associations between gestational length, fetal growth, and maternal incident hospitalization or death from CVD (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, and heart failure). Multivariable adjusted models accounted for birth year, income, education, country of birth, smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and preeclampsia. The risk of maternal CVD increased with decreasing gestational age whereas the risk increase related to fetal growth appeared to be restricted to very small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants. Compared with mothers of non-SGA infants born at term, the hazard ratio of CVD ranged from 1.39 (95% confidence interval 1.22-1.58) to 2.57 (95% confidence interval 1.97-3.34) among mothers to moderately and very preterm infants, respectively. There was a significant interaction between preterm birth and fetal growth with respect to mothers' risk of CVD (P<0.001). Among mothers to very SGA infants, the hazard ratio of CVD ranged from 1.38 (95% confidence interval 1.15-1.65) to 3.40 (95% confidence interval 2.26-5.11) in mothers to term and very preterm infants, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Delivery of a preterm or SGA infant is associated with later life maternal hospitalization or death from CVD even after accounting for socioeconomic factors, smoking, and pregnancy-related complications.
Association of Concomitant Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes With Cardiovascular Disease.; IMPORTANCE: Accruing evidence suggests that gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes (GD) are each associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the extent to which the co-occurrence of GHTD and GD is associated with the risk of CVD remains largely unknown. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study used the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. All women in Ontario with a GHTD and/or GD diagnosis, and a live-birth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, were considered for inclusion. Women with pregravid diabetes, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease were excluded. Statistical analysis was performed from November 2021 to September 2022. EXPOSURES: GD and/or GHTD, defined using diagnosis coding. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD (including a composite of myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy), estimated using Cox regression models, adjusting for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. The follow-up extended from the index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. RESULTS: Among 886 295 eligible women (mean [SD] age, 30 [5.6] years; 43 861 [4.9%] with isolated GHTD, 54 061 [6.1%] with isolated GD, and 4975 [0.6%] with GHTD and GD), there were 1999 CVD events over 12 years of follow-up. In the early postpartum phase (first 5 years post partum), there was no association of co-occurrence of GTHD and GD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 1.42, 95% CI, 0.78-2.58) or GD alone (aHR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.60-1.06) with CVD; there was an association between isolated GTHD and incident CVD compared with no GTHD and no GD (aHR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.51-2.35). In the late postpartum period (after the initial 5 years post partum), compared with no GD and no GHTD, isolated GHTD (aHR, 1.41, 95% CI, 1.12-1.76) and co-occurrence of GHTD and GD (aHR, 2.43, 95% CI, 1.60-3.67) were each associated with a higher risk of incident CVD. There was no association between isolated GD and incident CVD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, GHTD was associated with a high risk of CVD post partum, and the co-occurrence of GD and GHTD was associated with a much greater postpartum CVD risk. These findings suggest that CVD preventive care is particularly needed in the aftermath of combined GD and GHTD.
A retrospective cohort study of obstetric complications and birth outcomes in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder in women and a high risk factor for adverse pregnancy complications. Therefore, we aimed to analyse the relationship between PCOS and pregnancy complications in a large sample from China. Additionally, since obesity and assisted reproductive technology (ART) are common in women with PCOS, we also aimed to determine whether both of these factors increased the complication incidence for women with PCOS. A retrospective cohort study that included 1357 pregnant women with PCOS and 6940 without PCOS was performed. Our results indicated women with PCOS had higher incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertension, postpartum haemorrhage, preterm birth, macrosomia and cervical incompetence. Additionally, obesity was associated with an increased incidence of hypertension and GDM in women with PCOS generally. ART did not result in an increase in the obstetric complication rate in women with PCOS. In conclusion, PCOS appeared to result in an increased risk of adverse pregnancy complications. Obesity may further increase the risks of hypertension and GDM among women with PCOS. However, ART did not increase the risk of pregnancy complications, which suggests that ART is a relatively safe and effective method to address infertility problems in women with PCOS.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? There are several studies evaluating the associations of PCOS with the risk of pregnancy complications. However, reports about the risk of pregnancy complications between PCOS women with and without obesity or ART are limited.What do the results of this study add? PCOS appeared to increase the risk of adverse pregnancy complications, including GDM, pregnancy-induced hypertension, postpartum haemorrhage, preterm birth, macrosomia and cervical incompetence. Obesity further increased the risks of hypertension and GDM in women with PCOS, but it did not increase the incidence of macrosomia and postpartum haemorrhage. Additionally, ART did not increase the risk of adverse pregnancy complications among women with PCOS, except for postpartum haemorrhage.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? This study contributes to the literature because it showed that PCOS independently increased the risk of adverse pregnancy complications in a large sample of patients. Second, obesity is a high risk factor for adverse complications in pregnant women with PCOS. Third, ART is a relatively safe and effective method for addressing infertility problems for women with PCOS.
Does diabetes mellitus affect the development of fetal brain structures and spaces including corpus callosum, subarachnoid space, insula, and parieto-occipital fissure?; PURPOSE: We investigated the impact of pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM and GDM) on the development of fetal intracranial structures and spaces. METHODS: This prospective cross-sectional study involved singleton pregnancies between 20 and 32 weeks of gestation. The study comprised a control group (n = 65) of healthy pregnant women without diabetes mellitus (DM); a PGDM group (n = 43) of pregnant women having type 2 DM in a controlled diabetic state; and a GDM group (n = 26) of pregnant women with GDM diagnosed with 2-h 75-g oral glucose tolerance test and received intervention to reduce the diabetic impact on fetus. During neurosonographic evaluation, the simultaneous measurements of corpus callosum (CC) width and depth in the midsagittal image; and lateral craniocortical and posterior craniocortical widths of the subarachnoid space and insular and parieto-occipital fissure depths in the axial image were performed. Before statistical analysis, these values were carefully adjusted for the occipitofrontal diameter. RESULTS: The DM groups displayed substantially higher frequencies of family history of DM and obstetric history of GDM compared to the control group (p < 0.05). Regarding the neurosonographic parameters, the CC length and insular and parieto-occipital fissure depths were significantly increased in the GDM group but not in the PGDM group (p < 0.05). No significant difference was found among the study groups regarding other neurosonographic parameters (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: The results of neurosonographical evaluation of fetal brain structures and spaces reveal that diabetic impact may not be seen in the presence of PGDM, especially in pregnant women receiving prenatal interventions to reduce or avoid diabetic adverse effects on fetal brain development. The effect of GDM on neurosonographically assessed fetal brain development should be evaluated in further studies with subjects matched for gestational weeks and antenatal care conditions.
Changes in Stemness Properties, Differentiation Potential, Oxidative Stress, Senescence and Mitochondrial Function in Wharton's Jelly Stem Cells of Umbilical Cords of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity. The Wharton's jelly (WJ) of the umbilical cord (UC) is a useful indicator of the deleterious effects of hyperglycemia on fetal tissues as it represents the fetus embryologically, physiologically and genetically. We studied WJ mesenchymal stem cells (hWJSCs) from UC from mothers without GDM (Normal; n = 3); insulin-controlled GDM mothers (GDMi; n = 3) and diet-controlled GDM mothers (GDMd; n = 3)]. Cell proliferation, stemness markers, telomerase, osteogenic and chondrogenic differentiation, antioxidant enzymes and gene expression for mitochondrial function (ND2, TFAM, PGC1α, and NDUFB9) were significantly lower in GDMi-hWJSCs and GDMd-hWJSCs compared to normal hWJSCs (P < 0.05). On the other hand, cell cycle inhibitors (p16, p21, p27) and p53 were remarkably up-regulated in GDMi-hWJSCs and GDMd-hWJSCs compared to normal hWJSCs. The results from this study confirmed that maternal hyperglycemia even though managed with insulin or diet, induced changes in the properties of the WJ and its cells. These changes may also be observed in fetal tissues and if true, prevention of the onset of gestational diabetes should be a priority over management. Generation of tissues that simulate those of the fetus such as pancreatic and cardiovascular cells from GDM-hWJSCs by direct differentiation or via induced pluripotent stem cell reprogramming provide possible platforms to evaluate the effects of glucose on specific fetal organ.
High prevalence and significant ethnic differences in actionable HbA(1C) after gestational diabetes mellitus in women living in Norway.; BACKGROUND: The type 2 diabetes risk after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is twice as high in South Asian compared to European women. Current guidelines differ regarding which test to use as a screening-tool post-GDM. We aimed to identify ethnic differences in the prevalence rates and early predictors for actionable HbA(1c) (defined as prediabetes and diabetes) short time after GDM. METHODS: This cross-sectional study, enrolling South Asian and Nordic women 1-3 years after a diagnosis of GDM, was undertaken at three hospitals in Norway. We performed a clinical and laboratory evaluation including an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Medical records were used to retrieve data during pregnancy. Prediabetes was classified with HbA(1c) alone or combined with OGTT glucose measurements according to the WHO, WHO-IEC, and ADA criteria (fasting plasma glucose (FPG) 6.1-6.9 mmol/L, FPG 6.1-6.9 mmol/L and/or HbA(1c) 42-47 mmol/mol (6.0-6.4%), and FPG 5.6-6.9 mmol/L and/or HbA(1c) 39-47 mmol/mol (5.7-6.4%)). Ethnic differences in prevalence and predictors of glucose deterioration were assed by χ(2) (Pearson) tests and logistic regression models. RESULTS: We included 163 South Asian and 108 Nordic women. Actionable HbA(1c) levels were highly prevalent and more so among South Asian than Nordic women (WHO-IEC-HbA(1c): 25.8% vs. 6.5% (p ≤ 0.001), ADA-HbA(1c): 58.3% vs. 22.2% (p ≤ 0.001)). Although adding OGTT-data gave higher combined prevalence rates of prediabetes and diabetes (WHO: 65.6% vs. 47.2% (p ≤ 0.05), WHO-IEC: 70.6% vs. 47.2% (p ≤ 0.001), ADA: 87.8% vs. 65.7% (p ≤ 0.001)), the excess risk in the South Asian women was best captured by the HbA(1c). Important predictors for glucose deterioration after GDM were: South Asian ethnicity, GDM before the index pregnancy, use of glucose-lowering drugs in pregnancy, higher age, and higher in-pregnancy fasting glucose levels. CONCLUSIONS: In women with GDM 1-3 year previously, we found high prevalence and significant ethnic differences in actionable ADA-HbA(1c) levels, with South Asian ethnicity, GDM before the index pregnancy, and the use of glucose-lowering drugs in pregnancy as the most important risk factors. This study reinforces the importance of annual screening-preferably with HbA(1c) measurements-to facilitate early intervention after GDM.
Association of Gestational Diabetes With Subsequent Long-Term Risk of Mortality.; IMPORTANCE: Gestational diabetes has been associated with numerous chronic diseases. However, few studies have examined the association of gestational diabetes with long-term mortality risk. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the associations between gestational diabetes and long-term risks of total and cause-specific mortality. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study analyzed participants of the Nurses' Health Study II who were followed for 30 years (1989-2019). Participants included US female nurses aged 25 to 42 years who reported at least 1 pregnancy (≥6 months) at 18 years or older across their reproductive life span. Data were analyzed from May 1, 2022, to May 25, 2023. EXPOSURE: Gestational diabetes across the reproductive life span. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Hazard ratios (HRs with 95% CIs) for total and cause-specific mortality were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regression models. RESULTS: A total of 91 426 parous participants were included, with a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years and a body mass index of 24.1 (4.7) at baseline. During a follow-up period of 2 609 753 person-years, 3937 deaths were documented, including 255 deaths from cardiovascular disease and 1397 from cancer. Participants with a history of gestational diabetes had a higher crude mortality rate than those without a history of gestational diabetes (1.74 vs 1.49 per 1000 person-years; absolute difference = 0.25 per 1000 person-years). The corresponding HR for total mortality was 1.28 (95% CI, 1.13-1.44), which did not materially change after additional adjustment for potential confounders and lifestyle factors during the reproductive life span (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.11-1.41). The association persisted regardless of the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes and was more robust among participants who adopted less healthy lifestyles; experienced gestational diabetes in 2 or more pregnancies (HR, 1.48; 95% CI, 0.99-2.19); had gestational diabetes both in the initial and subsequent pregnancies (HR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.11-2.63); and concurrently reported hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HR, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.21-2.67), preterm birth (HR, 2.46; 95% CI, 1.66-3.64), or low birth weight (HR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.21-3.68). Cause-specific mortality analyses revealed that gestational diabetes was directly associated with the risk of mortality due to cardiovascular disease (HR, 1.59; 95% CI, 1.03-2.47). Additionally, gestational diabetes was inversely associated with cancer mortality (HR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.59-0.98); however, it was only evident among participants who later developed type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Results of this cohort study suggest that participants who reported a history of gestational diabetes exhibited a small but elevated risk of subsequent mortality over 30 years. The findings emphasize the importance of considering gestational diabetes as a critical factor in later-life mortality risk.
Pregnancy in diabetes complicated by vascular disease.; Over 50 years of experience with pregnancy in diabetic women is reviewed. In particular, the maternal and fetal survival in mothers with either microvascular or macrovascular disease is considered. This includes White classes E, F, R, RF, H, and T. In this group of patients with vascular disease, maternal survival during pregnancy is virtually 100 per cent with the exception of class H (ischemic heart disease). Fetal survival has steadily improved throughout the time period examined, but is still considerably below that of pregnancies occurring in women without vascular disease. Long-term maternal survival is adversely affected by the first decade after delivery.
Exposome and foetoplacental vascular dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; A balanced communication between the mother, placenta and foetus is crucial to reach a successful pregnancy. Several windows of exposure to environmental toxins are present during pregnancy. When the women metabolic status is affected by a disease or environmental toxin, the foetus is impacted and may result in altered development and growth. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disease of pregnancy characterised by abnormal glucose metabolism affecting the mother and foetus. This disease of pregnancy associates with postnatal consequences for the child and the mother. The whole endogenous and exogenous environmental factors is defined as the exposome. Endogenous insults conform to the endo-exposome, and disruptors contained in the immediate environment are the ecto-exposome. Some components of the endo-exposome, such as Selenium, vitamins D and B(12), adenosine, and a high-fat diet, and ecto-exposome, such as the heavy metals Arsenic, Mercury, Lead and Copper, and per- and polyfluoroakyl substances, result in adverse pregnancies, including an elevated risk of GDM or gestational diabesity. The impact of the exposome on the human placenta's vascular physiology and function in GDM and gestational diabesity is reviewed.
Single-cell transcriptomic profiling unveils dysregulation of cardiac progenitor cells and cardiomyocytes in a mouse model of maternal hyperglycemia.; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most prevalent birth defect, often linked to genetic variations, environmental exposures, or combination of both. Epidemiological studies reveal that maternal pregestational diabetes is associated with ~5-fold higher risk of CHD in the offspring; however, the causal mechanisms affecting cardiac gene-regulatory-network (GRN) during early embryonic development remain poorly understood. In this study, we utilize an established murine model of pregestational diabetes to uncover the transcriptional responses in key cell-types of the developing heart exposed to maternal hyperglycemia (matHG). Here we show that matHG elicits diverse cellular responses in E9.5 and E11.5 embryonic hearts compared to non-diabetic hearts by single-cell RNA-sequencing. Through differential-gene-expression and cellular trajectory analyses, we identify perturbations in genes, predominantly affecting Isl1(+) second heart field progenitors and Tnnt2(+) cardiomyocytes with matHG. Using cell-fate mapping analysis in Isl1-lineage descendants, we demonstrate that matHG impairs cardiomyocyte differentiation and alters the expression of lineage-specifying cardiac genes. Finally, our work reveals matHG-mediated transcriptional changes in second heart field lineage that elevate CHD risk by perturbing Isl1-GRN during cardiomyocyte differentiation. Gene-environment interaction studies targeting the Isl1-GRN in cardiac progenitor cells will have a broader impact on understanding the mechanisms of matHG-induced risk of CHD associated with diabetic pregnancies.
[Short-term and long-term risks for children born from patients with gestational diabetes].; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. A growing body of literature suggests that chronic disease has much of its origins in the fetal response to the intrauterine environment, a concept known as "fetal programming". Longitudinal studies have demonstrated that higher rates of obesity impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are evident in the offspring of diabetic women. Furthermore, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM.
Antenatal dietary supplementation with myo-inositol for preventing gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes with onset or first recognition during pregnancy is an increasing problem worldwide. Myo-inositol, an isomer of inositol, is a naturally occurring sugar commonly found in cereals, corn, legumes and meat. Myo-inositol is one of the intracellular mediators of the insulin signal and correlates with insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetes. The potential beneficial effect of improving insulin sensitivity suggests that myo-inositol may be useful for women in preventing gestational diabetes. This is an update of a review first published in 2015. OBJECTIVES: To assess if antenatal dietary supplementation with myo-inositol is safe and effective, for the mother and fetus, in preventing gestational diabetes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, WHO ICTRP (17 March 2022) and the reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included published and unpublished randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including cluster-RCTs and conference abstracts, assessing the effects of myo-inositol for the prevention of gestational diabetes in pregnant women. We included studies that compared any dose of myo-inositol, alone or in a combination preparation, with no treatment, placebo or another intervention. Quasi-randomised and cross-over trials were not eligible. We excluded women with pre-existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed studies for inclusion, assessed risk of bias and extracted the data. We checked the data for accuracy. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. MAIN RESULTS: We included seven RCTs (one conducted in Ireland, six conducted in Italy) reporting on 1319 women who were 10 weeks to 24 weeks pregnant at the start of the studies. The studies had relatively small sample sizes and the overall risk of bias was low. For the primary maternal outcomes, meta-analysis showed that myo-inositol may reduce the incidence of gestational diabetes (risk ratio (RR) 0.53, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.31 to 0.90; 6 studies, 1140 women) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.19 to 0.61; 5 studies, 1052 women). However, the certainty of the evidence was low to very low. For the primary neonatal outcomes, only one study measured the risk of a large-for-gestational-age infant and found myo-inositol was associated with both appreciable benefit and harm (RR 1.40, 95% CI 0.65 to 3.02; 1 study, 234 infants; low-certainty evidence). None of the included studies reported on the other primary neonatal outcomes (perinatal mortality, mortality or morbidity composite). For the secondary maternal outcomes, we are unclear about the effect of myo-inositol on weight gain during pregnancy (mean difference (MD) -0.25 kilogram (kg), 95% CI -1.26 to 0.75 kg; 4 studies, 831 women) and perineal trauma (RR 4.0, 95% CI 0.45 to 35.25; 1 study, 234 women) because the evidence was assessed as being very low-certainty. Further, myo-inositol may result in little to no difference in caesarean section (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.07; 4 studies, 829 women; low-certainty evidence). None of the included studies reported on the other secondary maternal outcomes (postnatal depression and the development of subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus). For the secondary neonatal outcomes, meta-analysis showed no neonatal hypoglycaemia (RR 3.07, 95% CI 0.90 to 10.52; 4 studies; 671 infants; very low-certainty evidence). However, myo-inositol may be associated with a reduction in the incidence of preterm birth (RR 0.35, 95% CI 0.17 to 0.70; 4 studies; 829 infants). There were insufficient data for a number of maternal and neonatal secondary outcomes, and no data were reported for any of the long-term childhood or adulthood outcomes, or for health service utilisation outcomes. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Evidence from seven studies shows that antenatal dietary supplementation with myo-inositol during pregnancy may reduce the incidence of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth. Limited data suggest that supplementation with myo-inositol may not reduce the risk of a large-for-gestational-age infant.  The current evidence is based on small studies that were not powered to detect differences in outcomes such as perinatal mortality and serious infant morbidity. Six of the included studies were conducted in Italy and one in Ireland, which raises concerns about the lack of generalisability to other settings. There is evidence of inconsistency among doses of myo-inositol, the timing of administration and study population. As a result, we downgraded the certainty of the evidence for many outcomes to low or very low certainty. Further studies for this promising antenatal intervention for preventing gestational diabetes are encouraged and should include pregnant women of different ethnicities and varying risk factors. Myo-inositol at different doses, frequency and timing of administration, should be compared with placebo, diet and exercise, and pharmacological interventions. Long-term follow-up should be considered and outcomes should include potential harms, including adverse effects.
Declining insulin requirement in the late first trimester of diabetic pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes are associated with a decrease in first-trimester insulin requirement. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We examined the weekly insulin requirement (as units per kilogram per day) during the first trimester of pregnancy in diabetic women in the Diabetes in Early Pregnancy Study (DIEP) with accurate gestational dating, regular glucose monitoring, daily insulin-dose recording, and monthly glycohemoglobin measurements. RESULTS: In pregnancies that resulted in live-born full-term singleton infants, a significant 18% increase in mean weekly dosage was observed between weeks 3 and 7 (P = 0.000), followed by a significant 9% decline from week 7 through week 15 (P = 0.000). Further testing localized a significant change in insulin dose in the interval beginning weeks 7-8 and ending weeks 11-12 (P = 0.014). Within this interval, the maximum decrease was between weeks 9 and 10 (mean), 10 and 11 (median), and 8 and 9 (most frequent maximal decrease). To determine whether prior poor glucose control exaggerated these trends, we categorized the women based on their glycohemoglobin values: <2 SDs above the mean of a normal population (subgroup 1), 2-4 SDs (subgroup 2), and >4 SDs (subgroup 3) at baseline. Late first-trimester declines in dosage were statistically significant in subgroup 2 (P = 0.002) and subgroups 2 and 3 together (P = 0.003). Similarly, women with BMI >27.0 had a greater initial insulin rise and then fall compared with leaner women. CONCLUSIONS: Observations in the DIEP cohort disclose a mid-first-trimester decline in insulin requirement in type 1 diabetic pregnant women. Possible explanations include overinsulinization of previously poorly controlled diabetes, a transient decline in progesterone secretion during the late first-trimester luteo-placental shift in progesterone secretion, or other hormonal shifts. Clinicians should anticipate a clinically meaningful reduction in insulin requirement in the 5-week interval between weeks 7 and 12 of gestation.
Cardiovascular disease risk profiles in women with histories of gestational diabetes but without current diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the cardiovascular disease risk factor profiles of parous women with a history of gestational diabetes who had not developed diabetes, parous women with diagnosed diabetes, and parous women with neither condition. METHODS: We conducted cross-sectional analyses of 4,631 parous women who were not currently pregnant in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988-1994). Women were classified by self-report as having a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetic (n=85), diagnosed diabetics (n=218), or as having neither condition (n=4,328). We compared these groups with respect to cholesterol subtypes, blood pressure, uric acid, microalbuminuria, insulin, glucose, and clustering of risk factors, before and after adjustment for demographic and behavioral factors and central obesity. RESULTS: In unadjusted comparisons, women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics had a more favorable or similar risk factor profile compared with unaffected women, with two exceptions: greater levels of mean fasting glucose (94.0 mg/dL compared with 106.8 mg/dL, P<.001) and mean fasting insulin (10.2 international units/L compared with 14.0 international units/L, P<.001). These patterns were attenuated after adjustment for demographic factors and waist circumference, but remained significant for fasting glucose and the ratio of urine microalbumin/creatinine. Parous women with diagnosed diabetes had significantly worse cardiovascular disease risk profiles than unaffected women before and after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics have a similar cardiovascular disease risk profile to unaffected women, with the exception of insulin and glucose levels.
[Type 1 diabetes mellitus and pregnancy].; As a result of the advances in glucose monitoring and insulin administration, there has been a dramatic improvement in the outcomes of pregnancy in diabetic women over the past decades. Pregnancy in type 1 diabetic women is associated with an increase in risk both to the fetus and to the mother. The normalization of blood glucose in order to prevent congenital anomalies and spontaneous abortions is considered a priority. As the pregnancy progress, the mother is at an increased risk for hypoglycemia or diabetic ketoacidosis. Later in the pregnancy, she is at risk of accelerated retinopathy, pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia-eclampsia, urinary tract infection, and polyhydramnios. At the end of pregnancy, there is also an increased risk of macrosomia and sudden death of the fetus in uterus. All of these complications can be prevented or, at least, minimized with careful planning of the pregnancy and intensive tight glucose control.
Antipsychotic Exposure in Pregnancy and the Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: We have limited knowledge about the effects of antipsychotic exposure on the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Aim of this study is to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis to assess GDM risk associated with antipsychotic exposure in pregnancy. METHODS: Systematic literature search was performed using PubMed, Science Direct, Scopus, and Web of Science databases up to August 22, 2018. No restrictions to language or date were applied. Randomized, controlled trials, case-control, or cohort studies reporting GDM risk in antipsychotic-exposed, healthy controls or antipsychotic-ceased patients were included in the meta-analysis. The primary outcomes were study defined GDM, including number of events, odds ratios, and/or risk ratios (RR) with confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: Ten studies were included in the meta-analysis. The total number of subjects was 6213 for the antipsychotic-exposed group, 6836 for antipsychotic-ceased control group, and 1 677 087 for the healthy control group. Compared with the healthy controls, the unadjusted cumulative RR for GDM associated with antipsychotic use was 1.63 (95% CI = 1.20-2.22). Adjusted risk for GDM was significantly higher in antipsychotic exposure group than in healthy controls (RR = 1.30, 95% CI = 1.023-1.660). The adjusted RR for GDM was similar between the antipsychotic-exposed group and the antipsychotic-ceased group (RR = 0.78, 95% CI = 0.281-2.164). No significant association was found between study quality, smoking, alcohol use, gestational age, and cumulative GDM risk. DISCUSSION: Our results indicate an increased risk of GDM with antipsychotic exposure in pregnant women, who may benefit from close pregnancy monitoring, early testing for GDM, targeting modifiable risk factors, and lifestyle modifications.
Hypertensive disorders in Japanese women with gestational glucose intolerance.; We investigated the relationship between gestational glucose intolerance and the development of pregnancy-induced hypertension including gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia. Consecutive Japanese women with singleton pregnancies underwent a standard 1h, 50g oral glucose challenge test (GCT) at 24-27 weeks of gestation, followed by a 75g, 2h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) if the GCT result exceeded 130mg/dl. Using criteria of the Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was defined by two or more abnormal OGTT values and mild glucose intolerance by one abnormal value. The normal glucose tolerance group included women with GCT results below 130mg/dl or normal OGTT values. GH was defined as blood pressure of at least 140/90mmHg occurring for the first time after mid-pregnancy, without proteinuria. Preeclampsia was determined as GH with proteinuria. Of 2651 consecutive patients, 49 women were found to have GDM, and 139 showed mild glucose intolerance. Sixty patients showed GH, and 58 developed preeclampsia. The frequency of GH in mild glucose intolerance or GDM was 5.8% or 8.2%, respectively, significantly greater than in normal glucose tolerance (P<0.01). Incidence of preeclampsia was not significantly increased in women with mild glucose intolerance or GDM (2.2% or 4.1%, respectively, compared to those with normal glucose tolerance). Japanese women with gestational glucose intolerance therefore have an increased risk of developing GH.
The Role of Oxidative Stress in Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy (Preeclampsia, Gestational Hypertension) and Metabolic Disorder of Pregnancy (Gestational Diabetes Mellitus).; Purpose of the Review.To highlight the role of oxidative stress in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and metabolic disorders of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus). Recent Findings. In both preeclampsia (PE) and gestational hypertension (GH), oxidative stress leads to inadequate placental perfusion thus resulting in a hypoxic placenta, which generally leads to the activation of maternal systemic inflammatory response. In PE, this causes inflammation in the kidneys and leads to proteinuria. A proteinuria marker known as urinary 8-oxoGuo excretion is expressed in preeclampsia. In GDM, oxidative stress plays a role in the pathogenesis of the disease, as a result of over secretion of insulin during pregnancy. This uncontrolled secretion of insulin results in the production of lipid peroxidation factors that also mask the secretion of antioxidants. Therefore, ROS becomes abundant at cellular level and prevents the cells from transporting glucose to body tissues. Summary. There is a need for more research investigating the role of oxidative stress, especially in obstetrics-related conditions. More studies are required in order to understand the difference between the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PE versus GH since investigations on the differences in genetic aspects of each condition are lacking. Furthermore, research to improve diagnostic procedures for GDM in pregnancy is needed.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and retinal microvasculature.; BACKGROUND: Small-vessel dysfunction may be an important consequence of chronic hyperglycemia. We examined the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a state of transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy, and retinal microvascular changes in pregnant women at 26-28 weeks of pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 1136 pregnant women with singleton pregnancies were recruited during their first trimester at two major Singapore maternity hospitals in an on-going birth cohort study. Participants underwent an oral glucose tolerance test and retinal imaging at 26-28 weeks gestation (n = 542). We used the 1999 World Health Organization (WHO) criteria to define GDM: ≥7.0 mmol/L for fasting glucose and/or ≥7.8 mmol/L for 2-h post-glucose. Retinal microvasculature was measured using computer software (Singapore I Vessel Analyzer, SIVA version 3.0, Singapore Eye Research Institute, Singapore) from the retinal photographs. RESULTS: In a multiple linear regression model adjusting for age, ethnicity and maternal education, mothers with GDM had narrower arteriolar caliber (-1.6 μm; 95% Confidence Interval [CI]: -3.1 μm, -0.2 μm), reduced arteriolar fractal dimension (-0.01 Df; 95% CI: -0.02 Df, -0.001 Df;), and larger arteriolar branching angle (1.8°; 95% CI: 0.3°, 3.3°) than mothers without GDM. After further adjusting for traditional risks of GDM, arteriolar branching angle remained significantly larger in mothers with GDM than those without GDM (2.0°; 95% CI: 0.5°, 3.6°). CONCLUSIONS: GDM was associated with a series of retinal arteriolar abnormalities, including narrower caliber, reduced fractal dimension and larger branching angle, suggesting that transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy may cause small-vessel dysfunction.
Cardiac function in 7-8-year-old offspring of women with type 1 diabetes.; Offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers (ODMs) are at risk of short-term and long-term complications, such as neonatal macrosomia (birth weight >90th percentile), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and cardiovascular morbidity in later life. However, no studies have been performed regarding cardiac outcome. In this study, we investigated cardiac dimensions and function in 30 ODMs at 7-8 years of age in relation to neonatal macrosomia and maternal glycemic control during pregnancy and compared these with those in a control group of 30 children of nondiabetic women. We found that cardiac dimensions and systolic and diastolic function parameters in ODMs were comparable with those in controls. Neonatal macrosomia and poorer maternal glycemic control during pregnancy were not related to worse cardiac outcome in ODM. We conclude that cardiac function at 7-8 years of age in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes is reassuring and comparable with that in controls.
Evaluating pre-pregnancy dietary diversity vs. dietary quality scores as predictors of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Dietary diversity scores (DDS) are considered as metrics for monitoring the implementation of the UN's Sustainable Development Goals, but they need to be rigorously evaluated. OBJECTIVE: To examine two DDS, the Food Groups Index (FGI), and the Minimum Dietary Diversity-Women (MDD-W), alongside two dietary quality scores, the Alternate Healthy Eating Index (AHEI-2010) and the Prime Diet Quality Score (PDQS), with risks of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs). DESIGN: The analysis included 21,312 (GDM) and 19,917 (HDPs) singleton births reported in the Nurses' Health Study II cohort (1991-2001), among women without major chronic disease or GDM/HDPs. Scores were derived using prepregnancy diet collected by a comprehensive food frequency questionnaire. Multivariable models were utilized to calculate relative risks (RR) and confidence intervals (95%CIs). RESULTS: Incident GDM (n = 916) and HDPs (n = 1,421) were reported. The MDD-W and FGI were not associated with risk of GDM or HDPs, but the AHEI-2010 and PDQS were associated with a lower risk of GDM and marginally lower risk of HDP. The RR's of GDM comparing the highest vs. lowest quintiles were 1.00 (95%CI: 0.79, 1.27; p-trend = 0.82) for MDD-W, 0.96 (95%CI: 0.76, 1.22; p-trend = 0.88) for FGI, 0.63 (95%CI: 0.50, 0.81; p-trend <0.0001) for the AHEI-2010 and 0.68 (95%CI: 0.54, 0.86; p-trend = 0.003) for the PDQS. Similarly, the RR's of HDPs were 0.92 (95%CI: 0.75, 1.12, p-trend = 0.94) for MDD-W, 0.97 (95%CI: 0.79, 1.17; p-trend = 0.83) for FGI, 0.84 (95%CI: 0.70, 1.02; p-trend = 0.07) for AHEI-2010 and 0.89 (95%CI: 0.74, 1.09; p-trend = 0.07) for PDQS. CONCLUSIONS: MDD-W and FGI did not predict the risk of GDM and HDPs. These DDS should not be widely used as metrics for achieving dietary goals in their present form. The Prime Diet Quality Score warrants further testing as a promising measure of a sustainable and healthy diet on a global scale.
Gestational diabetes, obesity, and metabolic syndrome diagnosed during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The aim was to analyze the impact of obesity on women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the association of obesity and GDM with the metabolic syndrome. METHODS: In a retrospective study, the data of 233 obese women with GDM were compared with the data of 96 women with GDM and normal weight. RESULTS: Significantly higher fasting glycemia before the oral glucose tolerance test (5.2±1.1 mmol/L vs. 4.5±0.8 mmol/L, P<0.00001) and higher frequency of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (26.2% vs. 9.4%, P=0.0003) were found in obese women with GDM than in GDM women of normal weight. These women needed insulin therapy more often (18.9% vs. 8.3%, P=0.007). Also 31 (13.3 %) of them had chronic hypertension as compared with 3.1% in women of normal weight (P=0.003). These 31 women had three components necessary for diagnosing of metabolic syndrome according to the World Health Organization-impaired glucose tolerance, obesity, and hypertension. No difference in gestational age and mean weight of their newborns was found, but newborns of obese GDM women with metabolic syndrome components more often were significantly macrosomic with features of diabetic fetopathy and had more often symptoms of hypoglycemia after birth. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of obesity and GDM has a significant impact on both maternal and fetal complications. The metabolic syndrome can be diagnosed not only after pregnancy but also during pregnancy.
Complication of insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies by preeclampsia and/or chronic hypertension: analysis of outcome.; The significance of hypertensive complications of insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies (IDDP) has not been well examined since the early reports of Pedersen, which demonstrated an increased risk of neonatal death in women with pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH). To assess the effect of both PIH and chronic hypertension (CH) on outcome of IDDP managed using contemporary obstetrical and diabetic management, we reviewed the records of all 199 IDDP delivered at our institution over a 7-year period. Patients were classified as having PIH (Group 1, n = 37), CH (Group 2, n = 18) or both (Group 3, n = 4) on the basis of standard clinical criteria. All other IDDP were placed in the control group (Group 4, n = 140). Comparing all groups, significant differences were found for maternal age (P less than .0001) and distribution among White's Classes (P less than .0001). There was no significant difference in estimated gestational age (EGA) at delivery, birthweight, Apgar scores, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, or congenital anomalies. Intrauterine fetal death (IUFD) was no more common in Groups 1, 2 or 3 than in Group 4; however, IDDP with CH were significantly more likely to have had previous stillbirths than IDDP with PIH (P = .011) or control IDDP (P = .017). Contrary to common clinical belief, the "stress" of CH and PIH did not offer protection to the newborn in the development of RDS or HMD. In fact, Group 3 infants had a higher rate of HMD than control infants (P = .024).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Maternal obesity and complications during pregnancy.; Obesity has become a major health problem all over the world and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications, including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and delivery complications such as macrosomia, shoulder dystocia and higher rates of cesarean sections and infections. Maternal obesity may also be an independent risk factor for neural tube defects and fetal mortality. This review focuses on the consequences of maternal obesity during pregnancy.
Antenatal fetal testing in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; Most obstetricians adapt some form of strategy for antenatal fetal testing in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). There are, however, wide differences of opinion among providers as to the preferred protocol for such testing. The optimal method of fetal surveillance, the gestational age at which to start testing, the frequency of testing, and even whether all patients with GDM require antenatal testing are all controversial, unresolved issues. Indeed, in the absence of prospective, randomized clinical trials, it is impossible to determine whether antenatal fetal testing is beneficial in uncomplicated GDM. Moreover, it appears that even with the use of well-defined antenatal testing protocols, it is unavoidable that some women with GDM will experience an unexplained third trimester stillbirth. Pending the availability of solid data based on prospective trials, it is prudent to incorporate antenatal fetal testing in the management scheme of women with gestational diabetes.
Fetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction as an early phenomenon in the programming of human adult diseases in subjects born from gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity in pregnancy (OP) are pathological conditions associated with placenta vascular dysfunction coursing with metabolic changes at the fetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium. These alterations are seen as abnormal expression and activity of the cationic amino acid transporters and endothelial nitric oxide synthase isoform, that is, the "endothelial L-arginine/nitric oxide signalling pathway." Several studies suggest that the endogenous nucleoside adenosine along with insulin, and potentially arginases, are factors involved in GDM-, but much less information regards their role in OP-associated placental vascular alterations. There is convincing evidence that GDM and OP prone placental endothelium to an "altered metabolic state" leading to fetal programming evidenced at birth, a phenomenon associated with future development of chronic diseases. In this paper it is suggested that this pathological state could be considered as a metabolic marker that could predict occurrence of diseases in adulthood, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes mellitus (including gestational diabetes), and metabolic syndrome.
Antepartum testing in the hypertensive patient: when to begin.; Antepartum testing has been recommended for patients whose pregnancies are complicated by hypertension. Although this is considered accepted practice, there are little data available to help the clinician know when to start testing. To help answer this question in patients with chronic hypertension and nonproteinuric pregnancy-induced hypertension, we reviewed the results of all antepartum tests between 1976 and 1987 in patients with these diagnoses. The primary mode of surveillance in the majority of our patients was the contraction stress test. We determined when patients first had positive contraction stress test results and when intervention occurred because of an abnormal antepartum test result. There were a total of 917 patients tested with these diagnoses. Fifty-three (5.8%) of these patients had at least one positive contraction stress test result. Twenty-two patients were delivered of infants before 35 weeks' gestation because of abnormal antepartum test results. Those with early intervention (less than 35 weeks' gestation) could not be differentiated from those with later intervention (greater than or equal to 35 weeks' gestation) by maternal age, diastolic blood pressure, or systolic blood pressure at the time of testing. The majority of patients who were delivered of infants before 35 weeks' gestation had a concomitant diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus, intrauterine growth retardation, diabetes mellitus, or superimposed preeclampsia. On the basis of when compromise was evident, patients with these diagnoses may require testing to be started as early as the fetus is considered viable. However, in those without these diagnoses, the clinician may delay the beginning of testing until 33 weeks' gestation without significant risk of pregnancy loss before testing.
Phospholipid transfer protein in the placental endothelium is affected by gestational diabetes mellitus.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) causes alterations in fetal high-density lipoproteins (HDL). Because phospholipid transfer protein (PLTP) is important for HDL (re)assembly and is expressed in the human placenta, we hypothesized that circulating fetal and/or placental PLTP expression and activity are altered in GDM. DESIGN: PLTP levels and activity were determined in maternal and fetal sera from GDM and controls. Placental PLTP was immunolocalized, and its expression was measured in placental tissue. PLTP regulation by glucose/insulin was studied in human endothelial cells isolated from placental vessels (HPEC). RESULTS: Placental Pltp expression was up-regulated in GDM (1.8-fold, P < 0.05). PLTP protein (5-fold, P < 0.01) and activity (1.4- to 2.5-fold) were higher in fetal than in maternal serum. The placental endothelium was identified as a major PLTP location. Insulin treatment of HPEC significantly increased secreted PLTP levels and activity. In GDM, fetal cholesterol, HDL-triglycerides and phospholipids were elevated compared with controls. Fetal PLTP activity was higher than maternal but unaltered in GDM. CONCLUSION: HPEC contribute to the release of active PLTP into the fetal circulation. Pltp expression is increased in GDM with hyperglycemia and/or hyperinsulinemia contributing. High PLTP activity in fetal serum may enhance conversion of HDL into cholesterol-accepting particles, thereby increasing maternal-fetal cholesterol transfer.
The Role of Lifestyle Intervention in the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes.; Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of adverse outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is highly associated with obesity and independently increases the risk of both complications during pregnancy and future impaired glycemic control and risk factors for cardiovascular disease for both the mother and child. Despite extensive research evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions incorporating diet and/or exercise, there remains a lack of definitive consensus on their overall efficacy alone or in combination for both the prevention and treatment of GDM. Combination of diet and physical activity/exercise interventions for GDM prevention demonstrates limited success, whereas exercise-only interventions report of risk reductions ranging from 3 to 49%. Similarly, combination therapy of diet and exercise is the first-line treatment of GDM, with positive effects on maternal weight gain and the prevalence of infants born large-for-gestational age. Yet, there is inconclusive evidence on the effects of diet or exercise as standalone therapies for GDM treatment. In clinical care, women with GDM should be treated with a multidisciplinary approach, starting with lifestyle modification and escalating to pharmacotherapy if needed. Several key knowledge gaps remain, including how lifestyle interventions can be optimized during pregnancy, and whether intervention during preconception is effective for preventing the rising prevalence of GDM.
Potential biomarkers identified in plasma of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication during pregnancy. Looking for reliable diagnostic markers for early diagnosis can reduce the impact of the disease on the fetus OBJECTIVE: The present study is designed to find plasma metabolites that can be used as potential biomarkers for GDM, and to clarify GDM-related mechanisms METHODS: By non-target metabolomics analysis, compared with their respective controls, the plasma metabolites of GDM pregnant women at 12-16 weeks and 24-28 weeks of pregnancy were analyzed. Multiple reaction monitoring (MRM) analysis was performed to verify the potential marker RESULTS: One hundred and seventy-two (172) and 478 metabolites were identified as differential metabolites in the plasma of GDM pregnant women at 12-16 weeks and 24-28 weeks of pregnancy, respectively. Among these, 40 metabolites were overlapped. Most of them are associated with the mechanism of diabetes, and related to short-term and long-term complications in the perinatal period. Among them, 7 and 10 differential metabolites may serve as potential biomarkers at the 12-16 weeks and 24-28 weeks of pregnancy, respectively. By MRM analysis, compared with controls, increased levels of 17(S)-HDoHE and sebacic acid may serve as early prediction biomarkers of GDM. At 24-28 weeks of pregnancy, elevated levels of 17(S)-HDoHE and L-Serine may be used as auxiliary diagnostic markers for GDM CONCLUSION: Abnormal amino acid metabolism and lipid metabolism in patients with GDM may be related to GDM pathogenesis. Several differential metabolites identified in this study may serve as potential biomarkers for GDM prediction and diagnosis.
Association of lipid levels during gestation with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: The study evaluates lipids profile changes during gestation in pregnancies with and without preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Lipid profiles were assessed between year prior and after pregnancy in 9911 women without cardiovascular comorbidities. RESULTS: Lipid levels during gestation varied substantially with a nadir following conception and a peak at delivery. Compared to preconception levels total cholesterol levels increased from 164.4 mg/dL to 238.6 mg/dL and triglycerides (TGs) from 92.6 mg/dL to 238.4 mg/dL. The composite endpoint (gestational diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia) occurred in 1209 women (12.2%). Its prevalence increased with levels of TG-from 7.2% in the group with low TGs (<25th percentile adjusted for the gestational month) to 19.8% in the group with high TGs (>75th percentile), but was not associated with high-density lipoprotein levels. In multivariate analysis higher TGs levels, but not low high-density lipoprotein, were associated with the primary endpoint. CONCLUSION: Lipid levels change substantially during gestation. Abnormal levels of TGs are associated with pregnancy complications.
Impaired cardiac autonomic function in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy is a common dysfunction in manifest diabetes mellitus and is associated with duration of diabetes and/or an inadequate glycaemic control. Heart rate variability (HRV) reflects autonomic heart function. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether in women with prior gestational diabetes (GD; pre-type 2 diabetes) alterations of cardiac autonomic function can be observed after delivery in relation to insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Forty-eight healthy women with prior GD were consecutively admitted to the study. HRV was analysed by both time, as well as frequency, domain methods using 24-h Holter monitoring. In addition, 20 women with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy were investigated as control subjects. All women underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) for measurement of insulin sensitivity. RESULTS: Time domain analysis (standard deviation of normal RR intervals; SDNN) showed a reduced HRV in 25 out of the 48 (52%) women with prior GD. Frequency domain analysis revealed that in these 25 subjects both low and high frequency components of power spectral density (reflecting mainly sympathetic respectively parasympathetic activity) were reduced, indicating that sympathetic as well as parasympathetic functional impairment may be assumed. However, a relative predominance of the sympathetic over parasympathetic cardiac function was observed. The impairment of cardiac autonomic function (reduced SDNN) was correlated with HbA1c values and the 2-h blood glucose concentration (oral glucose tolerance test) but not with insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSION: The present results demonstrate that in 52% of the women examined who had prior GD, an impairment of cardiac sympathetic as well as parasympathetic function was present, which related to glycaemic control, but not to insulin sensitivity. This infers that functional autonomic changes could be an early prognostic indicator in pre-type 2 diabetes.
Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine Special Statement: Quality metric on the rate of postpartum diabetes screening after pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.; As many as 1 in 3 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have impaired glucose metabolism when screened postpartum. These patients have a 40% to 70% lifetime risk of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus, but progression can be delayed or prevented by lifestyle interventions or medication. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Diabetes Association recommend a glucose tolerance test at 4 to 12 weeks postpartum for all patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. Despite these recommendations, postpartum screening rates are typically <50%, representing a major healthcare "quality gap." The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine proposes a uniform metric that identifies the percentage of persons with gestational diabetes mellitus who completed a 75-g, 2-hour glucose tolerance test within 12 weeks after delivery. The metric is designed to be measured using diagnosis and procedure codes in payor claims data. Barriers to screening are discussed. Possible uses of the metric for quality improvement projects are outlined. Increasing the rate of postpartum diabetes screening should facilitate timely referral to implement lifestyle modifications, medication, and long-term follow-up. Use of the metric in financial incentive programs is discouraged at this time.
Attenuated early pregnancy weight gain by prenatal lifestyle interventions does not prevent gestational diabetes in the LIFE-Moms consortium.; AIMS: To examine the effect of lifestyle (diet and physical activity) interventions on the prevalence of GDM, considering the method of GDM ascertainment and its association with early pregnancy characteristics and maternal and neonatal outcomes in the LIFE-Moms consortium. METHODS: LIFE-Moms evaluated the effects of lifestyle interventions to optimize gestational weight gain in 1148 pregnant women with BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2) and without known diabetes at enrollment, compared with standard care. GDM was assessed between 24 and 31-weeks gestation by a 2-hour, 75-gram OGTT or by local clinical practice standards. RESULTS: Lifestyle interventions initiated prior to 16 weeks reduced early excess GWG compared with standard care (0.35 ± 0.24 vs 0.43 ± 0.26 kg per week, p=<0.0001) but did not affect GDM diagnosis (11.1% vs 11.6%, p = 0.91). Using the 75-gram, 2-hour OGTT, 13. 0% of standard care and 11.0% of the intervention group had GDM by the IADPSG criteria (p = 0.45). The 'type of diagnostic test' did not change the result (p = 0.86). Women who developed GDM were significantly heavier, more likely to have obesity, and more likely to have dysglycemia at baseline. CONCLUSION: Moderate-to-high intensity lifestyle interventions grounded in behavior change theory initiated between 9 and 16-weeks gestation did not affect the prevalence of GDM despite reducing early GWG. CLINICALTRIALS.GOV: NCT01545934, NCT01616147, NCT01771133, NCT01631747, NCT01768793, NCT01610752, NCT01812694.
Postpartum uptake of diabetes screening tests in women with gestational diabetes: The PANDORA study.; AIMS: To determine rates and predictors of postpartum diabetes screening among Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander and non-Indigenous women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: PANDORA is a prospective longitudinal cohort of women recruited in pregnancy. Postpartum diabetes screening rates at 12 weeks (75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)) and 6, 12 and 18 months (OGTT, glycated haemoglobin [HbA(1C) ] or fasting plasma glucose) were assessed for women with GDM (n = 712). Associations between antenatal factors and screening with any test (OGTT, HbA(1C) , fasting plasma glucose) by 6 months postpartum were examined using Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: Postpartum screening rates with an OGTT by 12 weeks and 6 months postpartum were lower among Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander women than non-Indigenous women (18% vs. 30% at 12 weeks, and 23% vs. 37% at 6 months, p < 0.001). Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander women were more likely to have completed a 6-month HbA(1C) compared to non-Indigenous women (16% vs. 2%, p < 0.001). Screening by 6 months postpartum with any test was 41% for Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander women and 45% for non-Indigenous women (p = 0.304). Characteristics associated with higher screening rates with any test by 6 months postpartum included, insulin use in pregnancy, first pregnancy, not smoking and lower BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Given very high rates of type 2 diabetes among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women, early postpartum screening with the most feasible test should be prioritised to detect prediabetes and diabetes for intervention.
Gestational diabetes risk in a multi-ethnic population.; AIMS: To compare gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk among two ethnic minority groups, with high type-2 diabetes (T2DM) prevalence, as compared to the Jewish population majority group. METHODS: A historical cohort study was conducted using clinical data collected between January 1, 2007, and December 31, 2011. The study sample included 20-45-year-old women; 2938 Ethiopian, 5849 Arab and 5156 non-Ethiopian Jewish women. GDM was defined according to the two-step strategy: step 1: glucose ≥ 140 mg/dl and step 2: using Coustan and Carpenter's diagnostic criteria. GDM risk was tested in a multivariable model, adjusted for age, parity and pre-gestational values of the metabolic syndrome components. RESULTS: Mean body mass index (BMI) values and morbid obesity rates were lowest among Ethiopian women and highest among Arab women. The prevalence of pre-gestational diabetes was significantly higher among Ethiopian (2.7%) and Arab (4.1%) women than among non-Ethiopian Jewish women (1.6%), and GDM screening rates were relatively high (85.5%, 87.2% and 83%, respectively). The proportion of pregnancies complicated with GDM was higher among Ethiopian women (4.3%) but not significantly different between Arab (2.9%) and non-Ethiopian Jewish (2.2%) women. In multivariable analysis, GDM was associated with Ethiopian ancestry (OR, 2.55; 95% CI, 1.60-4.08), adjusted for age, BMI, plasma triglyceride level and parity. Arab ethnicity was not significantly associated with GDM risk in multivariable analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Both Ethiopian and Arab minority ethnicities have a higher risk of T2DM in comparison with other Israeli women, but only Ethiopian origin is an independent risk factor for GDM while Arab ethnicity is not.
Fractal dimensions and branching characteristics of placental chorionic surface arteries.; We present a novel approach to characterize and compare the placental chorionic surface arteries (PCSA) of normal, preterm, diabetic and preeclamptic pregnancies using their fractal dimension (FD) and branch point number (BPN). Mean FD of PCSA of normal pregnancies was similar to those of diabetic and preeclamptic pregnancies, but significantly different from those of preterm pregnancies. In contrast, the BPN of PCSA of normal and preterm pregnancies was similar but significantly different from diabetic and preeclamptic pregnancies. The results suggest that branching properties of normal and pathological pregnancies are intrinsically different.
Glomerular filtration rate in pregnancy: a study in normal subjects and in patients with hypertension, preeclampsia and diabetes.; We have studied renal function during pregnancy using plasma clearance of iohexol to determine the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). In normal pregnancy, GFR was elevated by 40% throughout pregnancy and during the first week post partum, and fell to levels similar to those in non-pregnant women within 1 month. The development of GFR in diabetic pregnant women and in women with gestational hypertension was similar to that recorded in normal pregnancy. In subjects with preeclampsia the rise in GFR observed in normal pregnancy was absent, and no change in GFR was recorded after delivery. We conclude that the development of proteinuria and fluid retention typical of preeclampsia is paralleled by a deterioration of GFR.
Basic fibroblast growth factor messenger ribonucleic acid levels in human placentas from normal and pathological pregnancies.; This study was designed to determine whether basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) gene expression in human placenta varies as a function of gestational age and to evaluate whether bFGF synthesis might be altered in pathological pregnancies. Moreover, we also investigated whether human placental cells express the bFGF receptor gene. The presence of mRNA for bFGF and its receptor was demonstrated by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) performed on total RNA derived from human placental cells at different times of culture. Levels of bFGF mRNA were determined by competitive RT-PCR in human placental tissues collected at the beginning and at the end of pregnancy. Competitive RT-PCR was also employed to evaluate bFGF synthesis in term placentas derived from pregnancies complicated by diabetes. mRNA for both bFGF and its receptor were demonstrated in human placenta starting as early as 8 weeks of pregnancy. Values of bFGF mRNA were significantly higher in first trimester compared with term placentas. Term placentas derived from pregnancies associated with type I diabetes expressed levels of bFGF mRNA higher than those present in normal term placentas. These data demonstrate that bFGF and its receptor are synthesized in human placental cells throughout gestation. Moreover, bFGF gene expression is developmentally regulated. Finally, bFGF might also be partially responsible for the placental alterations observed in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
A randomised placebo-controlled trial of the effectiveness of early metformin in addition to usual care in the reduction of gestational diabetes mellitus effects (EMERGE): study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. Current treatments for GDM involve initial medical nutritional therapy (MNT) and exercise and pharmacotherapy in those with persistent hyperglycaemia. Insulin is considered first-line pharmacotherapy but is associated with hypoglycaemia, excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and an increased caesarean delivery rate. Metformin is safe in selected groups of women with GDM but is not first-line therapy in many guidelines due to a lack of long-term data on efficacy. The EMERGE trial will evaluate the effectiveness of early initiation of metformin in GDM. METHODS: EMERGE is a phase III, superiority, parallel, 1:1 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of metformin versus placebo initiated by 28 weeks (+6 days) plus usual care. Women aged 18-50 years will be recruited. Women with established diabetes, multiple pregnancies, known major congenital malformation or small for gestational age (<10th centile), intolerance or contraindication to the use of metformin, shock or sepsis, current gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia, significant gastrointestinal problems, congestive heart failure, severe mental illness or galactose intolerance are excluded. INTERVENTION: Immediate introduction of metformin or placebo in addition to MNT and usual care. Metformin is initiated at 500mg/day and titrated to a maximum dose of 2500mg over 10 days. Women are followed up at 4 and 12 weeks post-partum to assess maternal and neonatal outcomes. The composite primary outcome measure is initiation of insulin or fasting blood glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/L at gestational weeks 32 or 38. The secondary outcomes are the time to insulin initiation and insulin dose required; maternal morbidity at delivery; mode and time of delivery; postpartum glucose status; insulin resistance; postpartum body mass index (BMI); gestational weight gain; infant birth weight; neonatal height and head circumference at delivery; neonatal morbidities (neonatal care unit admission, respiratory distress, jaundice, congenital anomalies, Apgar score); neonatal hypoglycaemia; cost-effectiveness; treatment acceptability and quality of life determined by the EQ5D-5L scale. DISCUSSION: The EMERGE trial will determine the effectiveness and safety of early and routine use of metformin in GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION: EudraCT Number 2016-001644-19l; NCT NCT02980276 . Registered on 6 June 2017.
Thromboelastography (TEG) in normal pregnancy and its diagnostic efficacy in patients with gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, or preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Thromboelastography (TEG) provides global assessment of hemostatic function and has been recommended to monitor potential coagulopathies during pregnancy in which hypercoagulable state is favored. In present study, we established the reference intervals (RIs) of the TEG parameters (R, K, MA, and α-angle) with Chinese pregnant women of third trimester. In addition, we examined the diagnostic efficacies of the TEG parameters in the patients diagnosed of gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), or preeclampsia (PE). METHODS: With specified including and excluding criteria, non-pregnant controls, healthy pregnant women, and pregnant women with GH, GDM, or PE had their venous blood drawn at Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital, followed by TEG tests performed in the clinical laboratory. RESULTS: The RIs determined with the healthy pregnant women (in third trimester) for R, K, MA, and α-angle were 4.0-7.7, 1.2-3.2, 51.9-70.1, and 41.4-74.4, respectively. When compared with the healthy pregnancy group, the K value was significantly decreased in GH patients but increased in PE patients; MA was significantly lower in the PE group. In the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses, K value was able to efficiently distinguish normal pregnancy from the GH patients, with an AUC of 0.86 which is far better than those of R (AUC = 0.57) and MA (AUC = 0.56). For the PE patients, the AUC of MA (0.69) was significantly greater than that of R (0.50). CONCLUSIONS: Thromboelastography may provide more accurate experimental basis for monitoring coagulation functions especially in pregnant women with complications of GH and PE.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for long-term maternal renal disease.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was found to be an independent risk factor for recurrent long-term type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular morbidity, and vascular endothelial dysfunction. However, data on the link between GDM and future risk for long-term maternal renal disease are limited. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether GDM poses a risk for subsequent long-term maternal renal morbidity. DESIGN: A population-based noninterventional study compared the incidence of future renal morbidity in a cohort of women with and without previous GDM. Deliveries occurred during a 25-year period, with a mean follow-up duration of 11.2 years. SETTING: The study was conducted at the Soroka University Medical Center. PARTICIPANTS: The study population was composed of all singleton pregnancies in women who delivered between January 1988 and December 2013. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The main outcome was diagnosis of renal morbidities. RESULTS: Of 97,968 women who met the inclusion criteria, 9542 (9.7%) had at least 1 previous pregnancy with GDM. Using a Kaplan-Meier survival curve, we show that women with GDM had higher rates of total renal morbidity (0.1% vs 0.2%, for no GDM and with GDM, respectively; odds ratio, 2.3, 95% confidence interval, 1.4-3.7; P < .001). In addition, we found a significant dose-response association (using the χ(2) test for trends) between the number of pregnancies with GDM and future risk for renal morbidity (0.1%, 0.2%, and 0.4% for no GDM, 1 episode of GDM, and 2 episodes of GDM, respectively; P < .001). In a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for confounders, GDM was independently associated with future renal morbidity. CONCLUSION: GDM is a significant risk factor for future maternal renal morbidity. The risk is more substantial for patients with recurrent episodes of GDM.
Low potassium level during the first half of pregnancy is associated with lower risk for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus and severe pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between potassium level during the first half of pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders in the second half of the pregnancy. METHODS: The study population included all registered births between the years 2001-2007. The potassium levels during the first half of pregnancy were sorted by the following groups: K < 3.5 mEq/l; K = 3.5-3.99 mEq/l; and K > or = 4 mEq/l. The linear by linear chi(2)-test was used to determine the association between potassium level during the beginning of pregnancy and pregnancy complications. RESULTS: The study population included 8114 deliveries. A significant linear association was documented between potassium level in the first half of the pregnancy and the prevalence of GDM in the second half of the pregnancy: 6.3% in the K < 3.5 mEq/l group, 6.6% in the K = 3.5-3.99 mEq/l group and 8.2% in the K > 4 mEq/l group; (p = 0.008). A statistically significant for lower rates of severe pre-eclampsia was noted between the groups: 0.4% in the K < 3.5 mEq/l group, 0.9% in the K = 3.5-3.99 mEq/l group, 1.3% in the K = 4.0-4.99 mEq/l group and 1.5% in the K > or = 5 mEq/l group, (p = 0.027). Indeed, K > 5 mEq/l was noted as a significant risk factor for both, severe pre-eclampsia and for GDM. Using two multiple logistic regression models controlling for maternal age, potassium level was noted as an independent risk factor for both GDM and severe pre-eclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: High potassium levels during the first half of pregnancy are associated with higher risk for the development of GDM and severe pre-eclampsia.
Women with impaired glucose tolerance during pregnancy have significantly poor pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: This article tests the hypothesis that women with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) have the same pregnancy outcomes as those of their counterparts with normal glucose tolerance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: From December 1998 to December 1999, 84 of 90 antenatal care base units (ACBUs) under the Tianjin Antenatal Care Network in China participated in the first screening program for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A total of 9,471 pregnant women under the care of participating ACBUs were screened. Of the women screened, 154 were positive for IGT. Of the 154 women, 102 opted for conventional obstetric care. The comparison group was 302 women of normal glucose tolerance (NGT). The initial screening consisted of a 50-g 1-h glucose test, and was carried out at 26-30 gestational weeks. Women with a serum glucose > or =7.8 mmol/l were followed up with a 75-g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test. The World Health Organization's diagnostic criteria for GDM were used. RESULTS: Women with IGT were at increased risk for premature rupture of membranes (P-ROM) (odds ratio [OR] 10.07; 95% CI 2.90-34.93); preterm birth (6.42; 1.46-28.34); breech presentation (3.47; 1.11-10.84); and high birth weight (90th percentile or 4,000 g) (2.42; 1.07-5.46); adjusting for maternal age, pregravid BMI, hospital levels, and other confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of IGT in pregnancy is predictive of poor pregnancy outcomes.
The effect of treatment on pregnancy outcomes in women with one elevated oral glucose tolerance test value.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to evaluate whether dietary intervention could reduce maternal and perinatal morbidity in pregnancies with one elevated 100 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) value. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was conducted among patients with positive 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT) and one elevated 100 g OGTT value. Plasma glucose value of 140 mg/dL was used as the threshold to define an abnormal GCT result. Carpenter and Coustan criteria were used to evaluate the OGTT results. Seventy-four women with normal GCT values comprised group I. Ninety-nine women with one elevated 100 g OGTT value who were given a caloric diet and 102 women with one elevated OGTT value in group III who received antenatal care with no special diet were randomly assigned to groups II and III, respectively. All women were followed up until the end of pregnancy. Poor maternal outcome was defined as: cesarean delivery performed due to cephalopelvic disproportion, failure to progress or fetal distress, preeclampsia, and/or preterm labor. Poor perinatal outcome was defined as: small for gestational age, large for gestational age or admission to a neonatal intensive care unit. The groups were compared in terms of maternal and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: The rates of macrosomia and large for gestational age incidence were significantly higher in group III as compared to groups I and II. When we examined the multivariate effects of the risk factors considered to be predictive of poor maternal outcomes, group III was the only statistically significant risk factor (OR=3.90, 95% CI:1.95- 7.84; p=<0.001). In terms of poor perinatal outcome, one elevated OGTT value (group III) was the only significant risk factor (OR=2.92, 95% CI:1.56-5.46; p=<0.001). CONCLUSION: Women with one elevated OGTT value benefit from a structured program of diet therapy aimed to reduce adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes.
GDM Alters Expression of Placental Estrogen Receptor α in a Cell Type and Gender-Specific Manner.; OBJECTIVE: The nuclear receptor estrogen receptor α (ERα) is one of the key players in energy balance, insulin resistance, and trophoblast differentiation. We tested the hypothesis that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) alters expression of placental ERα in a cell type-specific manner and that this regulation may involve epigenetic changes. STUDY DESIGN: Expression of ERα was analyzed by immunohistochemistry using the semiquantitative immunoreactive score in 80 placentas (40 GDM/40 controls). Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) measured ERα messenger RNA (mRNA) in decidual tissue. Methylation-specific PCR was performed to analyze cytosine-phosphatidyl-guanine-island methylation of the ERα promoter. RESULTS: Expression of ERα protein is upregulated (P = .011) in GDM in extravillous trophoblasts but not in syncytiotrophoblast. Gestational diabetes mellitus downregulated ERα in decidual vessels only in pregnancies with male but not female fetuses. Furthermore, mRNA of the ERα encoding gene estrogen receptor gene 1 (ESR1) was increased (+1.77 fold) in GDM decidua when compared to controls (P = .024). In parallel, the promoter of ESR1 was methylated only in decidua of healthy control individuals but not in GDM. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus affects expression of placental ERα in a cell type-dependent way, on epigenetic level. These data link GDM with epigenetic deregulations of ERα expression and open new insights into the intrauterine programming hypothesis of GDM.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Pregnancy-Related Cardiovascular Disease.; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is a serious medical condition characterized by intermittent episodes of airflow limitation, intermittent hypoxia, and sleep disturbance triggering a pattern of autonomic dysfunction associated with hypertension, diabetes, and other adverse health conditions. SDB incidence is two to three times higher during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of cardiometabolic complications, including pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Treatments to protect breathing during sleep are available, pointing to SDB as a potential therapeutic target to reduce maternal cardiometabolic morbidity. However, in clinical practice, the majority of SDB cases in pregnancy are undiagnosed, indicating a need to improve screening for SDB risk factors and referral for diagnostic testing. Furthermore, definitive clinical trials are needed to determine the extent to which SDB intervention reduces the risk of adverse cardiovascular and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy. This review article discusses an accumulation of research pointing to SDB as a prevalent risk factor for gestational cardiometabolic disease, as well as a potential therapeutic target to reduce cardiometabolic morbidity.
Pregnancy outcome in aboriginal women with NIDDM in the Sioux Lookout Zone.; PURPOSE: To review the pregnancy outcomes of Aboriginal women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the Sioux Lookout Zone of Northwestern Ontario, Canada. METHOD: Retrospective chart review of deliveries of all women with a confirmed diagnosis of NIDDM was carried out between 1989 and 1992. RESULTS: During this period, 26 infants were born to 19 women with the diagnosis of NIDDM. Mean birth weight was 4,075 grams, with an average gestational age at delivery of 38 weeks. Three newborns required cesarean delivery, one required forceps, and one a vacuum extraction. There were four cases of shoulder dystocia. There were one stillbirth, one maternal death, and two cases of congenital heart disease. Ten newborns had neonatal jaundice and only two had neonatal hypoglycemia. These results suggest there is significant risk associated with NIDDM in pregnancy.
Congenital malformations among infants whose mothers had gestational diabetes or preexisting diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes type 1 is associated with an increased risk for infant congenital malformations. It is debated whether this is true also at gestational diabetes. AIMS: To study occurrence of congenital malformations in infants whose mothers had preexisting or gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: A register study covering over 1.2 million Swedish births in 1987-1997 based on the Swedish health registries. SUBJECTS: We identified from the Medical Birth Registry 3864 infants born of women with preexisting diabetes and 8688 infants born of women with gestational diabetes. OUTCOMES MEASURES: Congenital malformations identified in the Medical Birth Registry, the Registry of Congenital Malformations, and the Hospital Discharge Registry. The rates of congenital malformations among these infants was compared with the population rates. RESULTS: At preexisting diabetes, the total malformation rate was 9.5% while the rate at gestational diabetes was similar to the population rate, 5.7%. At preexisting diabetes, certain conditions were more common than expected: orofacial clefts, cardiovascular defects, oesophageal/intestinal atresia, hypospadias, limb reduction defects, spine malformations, and polydactyly. For some of these conditions, an excess was found also for infants whose mothers had gestational diabetes. Infants with multiple malformations were in excess at preexisting diabetes but not at gestational diabetes but the specific type of malformations involved were similar in the two diabetes groups. CONCLUSIONS: It is suggested that in the group of gestational diabetes exists a subgroup with an increased risk for a diabetes embryopathy, perhaps due to preexisting but undetected diabetes type 2.
Risk factors for peripartum and postpartum stroke and intracranial venous thrombosis.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The study goal was to identify potential risk factors for peripartum or postpartum stroke and intracranial venous thrombosis. METHODS: Data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project were analyzed for the years 1993 and 1994. Observed values were weighted with poststratification discharge weights to project to the universe of all discharges from community hospitals located in the United States. Nationally representative estimates of risk were calculated on the basis of age, race, mode of delivery, income, third-party payer, hospital size, hospital ownership, hospital location (rural versus urban), hospital teaching status, census region, and presence of specific complications. Multivariate models were developed with the use of logistic regression. RESULTS: Among 1 408 015 sampled deliveries, there were 183 observed cases of peripartum stroke and 170 cases of peripartum intracranial venous thrombosis in 17 states in the United States in 1993 and 1994. There were an estimated 975 cases of stroke and 864 cases of intracranial venous thrombosis during pregnancy and the puerperium in the United States among 7 463 712 deliveries during 1993 and 1994, for estimated risks of 13.1 cases of peripartum stroke and 11.6 cases of peripartum intracranial venous thrombosis per 100 000 deliveries. Multivariate analysis showed that the following were strongly and significantly associated with both peripartum and postpartum stroke: cesarean delivery; fluid, electrolyte, and acid-base disorders; and hypertension. Covariates that were strongly and significantly associated with both peripartum and postpartum intracranial venous thrombosis included cesarean delivery, hypertension, and infections other than pneumonia and influenza. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy-related hypertension and cesarean delivery are important risk factors for both stroke or intracranial venous thrombosis.
Prepregnancy Protein Source and BCAA Intake Are Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the CARDIA Study.; Diet quality and protein source are associated with type 2 diabetes, however relationships with GDM are less clear. This study aimed to determine whether prepregnancy diet quality and protein source are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Participants were 1314 Black and White women without diabetes, who had at least one birth during 25 years of follow-up in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study. The CARDIA A Priori Diet Quality Score (APDQS) was assessed in the overall cohort at enrollment and again at Year 7. Protein source and branched-chain amino acid (BCAA) intake were assessed only at the Year 7 exam (n = 565). Logistic regression analysis was used to determine associations between prepregnancy dietary factors and GDM. Women who developed GDM (n = 161) were more likely to have prepregnancy obesity and a family history of diabetes (p < 0.05). GDM was not associated with prepregnancy diet quality at enrollment (Year 0) (odds ratio [OR]: 1.01; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.99, 1.02) or Year 7 (odds ratio [OR]: 0.97; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94, 1.00) in an adjusted model. Conversely, BCAA intake (OR:1.59, 95% CI 1.03, 2.43) and animal protein intake (OR: 1.06, 95% CI 1.02, 1.10) as a proportion of total protein intake, were associated with increased odds of GDM, while proportion of plant protein was associated with decreased odds of GDM (OR: 0.95, 95% CI 0.91, 0.99). In conclusion, GDM is strongly associated with source of prepregnancy dietary protein intake but not APDQS in the CARDIA study.
Experimental gestational diabetes mellitus induces blunted vasoconstriction and functional changes in the rat aorta.; Diabetic conditions increase vascular reactivity to angiotensin II in several studies but there are scarce reports on cardiovascular effects of hypercaloric diet (HD) induced gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), so the objective of this work was to determine the effects of HD induced GDM on vascular responses. Angiotensin II as well as phenylephrine induced vascular contraction was tested in isolated aorta rings with and without endothelium from rats fed for 7 weeks (4 before and 3 weeks during pregnancy) with standard (SD) or hypercaloric (HD) diet. Also, protein expression of AT1R, AT2R, COX-1, COX-2, NOS-1, and NOS-3 and plasma glucose, insulin, and angiotensin II levels were measured. GDM impaired vasoconstrictor response (P < 0.05 versus SD) in intact (e+) but not in endothelium-free (e-) vessels. Losartan reduced GDM but not SD e- vasoconstriction (P < 0.01 versus SD). AT1R, AT2R, and COX-1 and COX-2 protein expression were significantly increased in GDM vessels (P < 0.05 versus SD). Results suggest an increased participation of endothelium vasodilator mediators, probably prostaglandins, as well as of AT2 vasodilator receptors as a compensatory mechanism for vasoconstrictor changes generated by experimental GDM. Considering the short term of rat pregnancy findings can reflect early stage GDM adaptations.
Guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a review of international recommendations.; OBJECTIVE: Τo summarize and present the main guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Relevant guidelines were retrieved through the electronic databases PubMed (MEDLINE), CENTRAL (Cochrane), and Embase; reference sections of the retrieved publications; proceedings of the main congresses in the field; and websites of relevant organizations published during the years 2000-2018. RESULTS: All guidelines recommend aerobic training from 60 to 150 min/week, with an upper limit of 30 min/day. Exercise is safe, even on a daily basis. Resistance exercise is suggested by five national guidelines (Australia, Canada, Denmark, Norway, and the UK). Discrepancies exist regarding the recommended intensity of exercise. Canada, Japan, Spain, and the UK use both objective (heart rate and maximum oxygen consumption) and subjective criteria (Borg's Scale and talk test) to determine the effectiveness and safety of exercise. Only Canada provides specific recommendations, according to the woman's age and level of physical condition. Women with GDM on no insulin treatment do not need to take extra precautions during exercise. However, due to their condition of hyperglycemia, they must comply with the recommendation issued for type 2 diabetes. The prescription and supervision of exercise should be carried out in a similar way as for uncomplicated pregnancies. Finally, women with GDM on insulin treatment need to follow the same recommendations as for those for pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. CONCLUSION: Health professionals must be informed about the correct planning and execution of physical exercise programs so as to safely achieve the maximum effectiveness of exercise-induced health-related benefits in pregnant women.
Influence of gestational diabetes on the stereoselective pharmacokinetics and placental distribution of metoprolol and its metabolites in parturients.; AIM: To investigate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the kinetic disposition and transplacental and amniotic fluid distribution of metoprolol and its metabolites O-desmethylmetoproloic acid and α-hydroxymetoprolol stereoisomers in hypertensive parturients receiving a single dose of the racemic drug. METHODS: The study was conducted on hypertensive parturients with well-controlled GDM (n = 11) and non-diabetic hypertensive parturients (n = 24), all receiving a single 100 mg oral dose of racemic metoprolol tartrate before delivery. Serial maternal blood samples (0-24 h) and umbilical blood and amniotic fluid samples were collected for the quantitation of metoprolol and its metabolite stereoisomers using LC-MS/MS or fluorescence detection. RESULTS: The kinetic disposition of metoprolol and its metabolites was stereoselective in the diabetic and control groups. Well-controlled GDM prolonged tmax for both enantiomers of metoprolol (1.5 vs. 2.5 h R-(+)-MET; 1.5 vs. 2.75 h S-(-)-MET) and O-desmethylmetoproloic acid (2.0 vs. 3.5 h R-(+)-AOMD; 2.0 vs. 3.0 h S-(-)-OAMD), and for the four stereoisomers of α-hydroxymetoprolol (2.0 vs. 3.0 h for 1'S,2R-, 1'R,2R- and 1'R,2S-OHM; 2.0 vs. 3.5 h for 1'S,2S-OHM) and reduced the transplacental distribution of 1'S,2S-, 1'R,2R-, and 1'R,2S-OHM by approximately 20%. CONCLUSIONS: The kinetic disposition of metoprolol was enantioselective, with plasma accumulation of the S-(-)-MET eutomer. Well-controlled GDM prolonged the tmax of metoprolol and O-desmethylmetoproloic acid enantiomers and the α-hydroxymetoprolol stereoisomers and reduced by about 20% the transplacental distribution of 1'S,2S-, 1'R,2R-, and 1'R,2S-OHM. Thus, well-controlled GDM did not change the activity of CYP2D6 and CYP3A involved in metoprolol metabolism.
Insulin-Like Growth Factor Binding Protein 4 Fragments Provide Incremental Prognostic Information on Cardiovascular Events in Patients With ST-Segment Elevation Myocardial Infarction.; BACKGROUND: Fragments of insulin-like growth factor binding protein 4 (IGFBP-4) are potential new biomarkers for cardiac risk assessment. The fragments are generated on specific cleavage by pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A, which exerts proatherogenic activity. This study investigated the prognostic value of IGFBP-4 fragments in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. METHODS AND RESULTS: We prospectively included 656 patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction treated with percutaneous coronary intervention from September 2006 to December 2008. Blood samples were drawn before percutaneous coronary intervention, and levels of intact IGFBP-4 and N-terminal and C-terminal IGFBP-4 fragments were measured by specific assays. End points were 5-year all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and the combined end point of major adverse cardiac events. Prognostic potential was evaluated on top of a clinical model in terms of discrimination, calibration, and reclassification analysis. During follow-up, 166 patients experienced a major adverse cardiac event and 136 patients died, of whom 69 died from cardiovascular causes. Both IGFBP-4 fragments were associated with all end points (P<0.001). After multivariable adjustments, both N-terminal and C-terminal IGFBP-4 fragment levels remained associated with all end points, including cardiovascular mortality with hazard ratios per doubling in protein concentration of 2.54 (95% CI 1.59-4.07; P<0.001) and 2.07 (95% CI 1.41-3.04; P<0.001), respectively. Incorporation of IGFBP-4 fragments into a clinical model with 15 risk factors improved C-statistics and model calibration and provided incremental prognostic contribution, as assessed by net reclassification improvement and integrated discrimination improvement. CONCLUSIONS: IGFBP-4 fragments are associated with increased risk of all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and major adverse cardiac events in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.
Malformations in infants of diabetic mothers.; Maternal insulin-dependent diabetes has long been associated with congenital malformations. As other causes of mortality and morbidity have been eliminated or reduced, malformations have become increasingly prominent. Although there is not universal agreement, the great majority of investigators find a two- to threefold increase in malformations in infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers. This increase is not seen in infants of gestational diabetics. It probably is not present in women whose diabetes can be controlled by diet or oral hypoglycemic agents. The risk does not appear to be primarily genetic since diabetic fathers do not have an increased number of malformed offspring. Most studies show a generalized increase in malformations involving multiple organ systems. Multiple malformations seem to be more common in diabetic than nondiabetic infants. Caudal regression has the strongest association with diabetes, occurring roughly 200 times more frequently in infants of diabetic mothers than in other infants. The teratogenic mechanism in diabetes is not known. Hyperglycemia may be important but human studies focusing on the period of organogenesis are lacking. Hypoglycemia has also been suggested based mainly on animal experiments. Insulin appears unlikely. Numerous other factors including vascular disease, hypoxia, ketone and amino acid abnormalities, glycosylation of proteins, or hormone imbalances could be teratogenic. None has been studied in sufficient detail to make a judgment. A large-scale prospective study is required to determine early fetal loss rates, correlate metabolic status during organogenesis with outcome, and assess the effect of diabetic control on malformation rates.
Should diabetic patients be asked to test their blood glucose 90 to 120 minutes after the beginning of their meals?; There are three distinct objectives in reducing the post-prandial blood glucose peaks: 1st to reduce the risk of foetal macrosomia in pregnancy, 2nd to reduce cardiovascular morbi-mortality, 3rd to lower the HbA1c. With 6-7 glycaemic controls per day and fractionning their meals, motivated women with gestational diabetes reach this goal. But there is no data today directly proving that post-prandial glycaemia is specifically related to the development of micro and macrovascular complications. So to reduce the cardiovascular risk, there are more arguments in favour of lowering HbA1c or prescribing statins than in prescribing a hypoglycaemic drug acting selectively on post-prandial glycaemia. Lastly, to reduce HbA1c near to the goal of 7%, the most important is to reduce the preprandial glycaemia below 1.20 g/l. The patients must be required to monitor their post-prandial glycaemia 2 hours after the beginning of the meal only when the aim is to lower the HbA1c below 7% or 6.5%, for example during pregnancy, or in case of discrepancy between glycaemia at 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. (below 1.20 g/)l and HbA1c (above 7%). In other cases, in type 2 diabetes, two glycaemias per day, fasting and vesperal, seems sufficient.
The role of nonstress tests, fetal biophysical profile, and contraction stress tests in the outpatient management of insulin-requiring diabetic pregnancies.; Antepartum fetal surveillance methods applicable in a home glucose-monitored population of pregnant diabetic women have been evaluated. A testing sequence of nonstress heart rate testing, backed up by either the fetal biophysical profile or contraction stress testing employed at a twice weekly interval, in 107 outpatients was compared with the management of 140 historic control patients by weekly nonstress tests and daily plasma estriols. There were 617 of 672 (91.8%) reactive nonstress tests in outpatients compared to 566 of 626 (90.4%) reactive tests in hospitalized control patients. Of 13 contraction stress tests performed in the outpatient group, only one was positive. Although 2,670 estriol determinations were done on hospitalized control patients, none was used for outpatients. No losses were attributed to unexplained antenatal stillbirth in either group. A fetal biophysical score of 8 was found to be at least as reliable as a reactive nonstress test. Antenatal surveillance in the well-controlled, insulin-requiring diabetic woman can be safely achieved with a testing sequence that consists of twice weekly nonstress tests backed up by the fetal biophysical profile and contraction stress tests.
Human fetoplacental arterial and venous endothelial cells are differentially programmed by gestational diabetes mellitus, resulting in cell-specific barrier function changes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: An adverse intrauterine environment can result in permanent changes in the physiology of the offspring and predispose to diseases in adulthood. One such exposure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has been linked to development of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular disease in offspring. Epigenetic variation, including DNA methylation, is recognised as a leading mechanism underpinning fetal programming and we hypothesised that this plays a key role in fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction following exposure to GDM. Thus, we conducted a pilot epigenetic study to analyse concordant DNA methylation and gene expression changes in GDM-exposed fetoplacental endothelial cells. METHODS: Genome-wide methylation analysis of primary fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (AEC) and venous endothelial cells (VEC) from healthy pregnancies and GDM-complicated pregnancies in parallel with transcriptome analysis identified methylation and expression changes. Most-affected pathways and functions were identified by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis and validated using functional assays. RESULTS: Transcriptome and methylation analyses identified variation in gene expression linked to GDM-associated DNA methylation in 408 genes in AEC and 159 genes in VEC, implying a direct functional link. Pathway analysis found that genes altered by exposure to GDM clustered to functions associated with 'cell morphology' and 'cellular movement' in healthy AEC and VEC. Further functional analysis demonstrated that GDM-exposed cells had altered actin organisation and barrier function. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our data indicate that exposure to GDM programs atypical morphology and barrier function in fetoplacental endothelial cells by DNA methylation and gene expression change. The effects differ between AEC and VEC, indicating a stringent cell-specific sensitivity to adverse exposures associated with developmental programming in utero. DATA AVAILABILITY: DNA methylation and gene expression datasets generated and analysed during the current study are available at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo ) under accession numbers GSE106099 and GSE103552, respectively.
Association of serum folic acid levels in response to fasting blood glucose in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: With increasingly prevalent folic acid consumption in early pregnancy, concerns about its potentially negative effect on maternal metabolism have been raised. Recent findings regarding folic acid levels in the first trimester and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus have been inconclusive. The aim of this study was to investigate the association of folic acid status in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus as well as examine whether glucose levels can be modulated by folic acid status during the same first trimester. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study based on 27 128 Chinese pregnant women who registered during their first prenatal visit from January 2015 to December 2019. Serum folic acid and fasting blood glucose concentrations were measured during the 9th to 13th gestational weeks. Binary logistic regression was applied to estimate the odds ratios of gestational diabetes mellitus by using the serum folic acid levels quartiles with adjustment for major confounders. To investigate the potential effect of modifying key risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus, we established subgroups, in which analyses were stratified by age (<25, 25-29, 30-34, and ≥35 y), parity (nulliparous and parous), prepregnancy body mass index (< 18.5, 18.5-23.9, and ≥ 24 kg/m(2)), and family history of diabetes (yes and no). RESULTS: The positive association between maternal folate concentrations and fasting blood glucose was observed: the risk for hyperglycemia was higher in those in the middle (Q3) and higher (Q4) quartiles compared with those in Q1 and Q2. A higher risk for gestational diabetes mellitus was found in hyperglycemia of early pregnant women with high folate concentrations (Q3: odds ratio = 5.63; 95% CI, 4.56-6.95, and Q4: odds ratio = 5.57; 95% CI, 4.68-6.64) compared with normal fasting glucose mothers with folate concentrations in Q1 and Q2 after accounting for multiple covariables. Similar patterns were observed for different subgroups. Restricted cubic spline plots had a positive correlation of serum folic acid level with fasting blood glucose concentration as well as risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in a nonlinear pattern, with 32.5 nmol/L as the cutoff point for folic acid level. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings underscore the importance of maintaining an appropriate folic acid concentration for preserving a lower risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, especially in women with relatively higher blood glucose in early pregnancy. Additionally, folic acid concentration > 32.5 nmol/L may be considered a risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus. This research suggested that folic acid levels should be monitored during the first trimester from the first prenatal checkup to prevent adverse effects of excessive folic acid intake.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Predicted 30-Year Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease 2-7 Years After Delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with a higher predicted 30-year risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD; ie, coronary artery disease or stroke). METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of the prospective Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study-Monitoring Mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study longitudinal cohort. The exposures were adverse pregnancy outcomes during the first pregnancy (ie, gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, preterm birth, and small- and large-for-gestational-age [SGA, LGA] birth weight) modeled individually and secondarily as the cumulative number of adverse pregnancy outcomes (ie, none, one, two or more). The outcome was the 30-year risk of atherosclerotic CVD predicted with the Framingham Risk Score assessed at 2-7 years after delivery. Risk was measured both continuously in increments of 1% and categorically, with high predicted risk defined as a predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD of 10% or more. Linear regression and modified Poisson models were adjusted for baseline covariates. RESULTS: Among 4,273 individuals who were assessed at a median of 3.1 years after delivery (interquartile range 2.5-3.7), the median predicted 30-year atherosclerotic CVD risk was 2.2% (interquartile range 1.4-3.4), and 1.8% had high predicted risk. Individuals with GDM (least mean square 5.93 vs 4.19, adjusted β=1.45, 95% CI, 1.14-1.75), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.95 vs 4.22, adjusted β=0.49, 95% CI, 0.31-0.68), and preterm birth (4.81 vs 4.27, adjusted β=0.47, 95% CI, 0.24-0.70) were more likely to have a higher absolute risk of atherosclerotic CVD. Similarly, individuals with GDM (8.7% vs 1.4%, adjusted risk ratio [RR] 2.02, 95% CI, 1.14-3.59), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.4% vs 1.4%, adjusted RR 1.91, 95% CI, 1.17-3.13), and preterm birth (5.0% vs 1.5%, adjusted RR 2.26, 95% CI, 1.30-3.93) were more likely to have a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD. A greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes within the first birth was associated with progressively greater risks, including per 1% atherosclerotic CVD risk (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 4.86 vs 4.09, adjusted β=0.59, 95% CI, 0.43-0.75; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 5.51 vs 4.09, adjusted β=1.16, 95% CI, 0.82-1.50), and a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 3.8% vs 1.0%, adjusted RR 2.33, 95% CI, 1.40-3.88; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 8.7 vs 1.0%, RR 3.43, 95% CI, 1.74-6.74). Small and large for gestational age were not consistently associated with a higher atherosclerotic CVD risk. CONCLUSION: Individuals who experienced adverse pregnancy outcomes in their first birth were more likely to have a higher predicted 30-year risk of CVD measured at 2-7 years after delivery. The magnitude of risk was higher with a greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes experienced.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future risk of heart failure.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Women with history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have approximately two-fold risk of future CVD, but until recently the association with future heart failure (HF) was unclear. Here, we summarize evidence for associations of APOs with HF, potential underlying mechanisms, and future directions for clinical translation. RECENT FINDINGS: Women with history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) have roughly two-fold risk of future HF compared with other parous women even after accounting for interval development of coronary artery disease. The HDPs portend heightened risk of HF with both reduced and preserved ejection fraction. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other APOs such as preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age delivery, and placental abruption may also confer additional risk for HF development. Possible underlying mechanisms linking APOs to HF include shared upstream risk factors and genetics, accelerated development of cardiometabolic risk factors postpartum, persistent endothelial and microvascular dysfunction, and impaired natriuretic peptide signaling. SUMMARY: History of APOs, including HDPs and GDM, confer increased risk for development of HF years after delivery. Further research is needed to define strategies to optimize prepregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular health toward HF prevention.
Early third trimester maternal response to glucose challenge and pregnancy outcome in Chinese women-relationship between upper distribution level and recommended diagnostic criteria.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to examine the relationship between upper distribution levels of glucose values in the 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and recommended diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and adverse pregnancy outcomes. SUBJECTS/METHODS: The distribution of the OGTT 2-h values of 13,501 pregnant women, which were below the World Health Organization (WHO) threshold for overt diabetes mellitus (DM), and managed in one teaching hospital in China, was reviewed and related to maternal characteristics and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: For the entire group, the 90th and 95th percentile values of the OGTT 2-h glucose level, respectively, were close to the diagnostic cutoff values of the WHO and International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. For adverse maternal outcomes, glucose level above the 90th percentile value was associated with increased hypertensive disorders, whereas no difference was seen with cutoff using the 95th percentile value. For perinatal outcomes, the 90th percentile was associated with increased neonatal intensive care unit admission and hypoglycemia, whereas the 95th percentile showed in addition association with phototherapy for jaundice and 5th-minute Apgar score <7. Although no differences in the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes were found using the different cutoffs, the >95th percentile cutoff value would have missed out 33.3-56.7% of the cases of adverse outcomes that would otherwise have been attributed to GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Further studies are warranted to clarify which diagnostic criterion is most appropriate universally to identify adverse pregnancy outcomes attributed to GDM, and which could be mitigated with treatment specific for GDM.
Study of Regional Left Ventricular Longitudinal Function in Fetuses with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Velocity Vector Imaging.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical value of velocity vector imaging in the assessment of regional left ventricular longitudinal function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Digital dynamic four-chamber views of 98 fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus and 135 normal fetuses were collected and analyzed using velocity vector imaging. The regional tissue velocity, strain, and strain rate of the interventricular septum and left lateral wall were separately measured in systole and diastole. RESULTS: A total of 207 of 233 cases were analyzed successfully. Vs (systolic velocity) and Vd (diastolic velocity) were age-dependent and gradually decreased from the basal segment to the apical segment in the left ventricle (P < 0.05). The Vs after 32(+0) weeks, Vd after 28(+0) weeks, and S (strain), SRs (systolic strain rate), and SRd (diastolic strain rate) after 24(+0) weeks in the left ventricle of fetuses with GDM were obviously lower than the corresponding parameters of normal fetuses (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: VVI can evaluate the fetal regional left ventricular longitudinal function.
Fetal death during a negative contraction stress test.; This report describes a fetal death during a negative antepartum contraction stress test, without oxytocic stimulation, at 34 weeks' gestation in a woman with Class B diabetes mellitus.
Risks of specific congenital anomalies in offspring of women with diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based studies including over 80 million births.; BACKGROUND: Pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) has been known to be a risk factor for congenital heart defects (CHDs) for decades. However, the associations between maternal PGDM and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the risk of specific types of CHDs and congenital anomalies (CAs) in other systems remain under debate. We aimed to investigate type-specific CAs in offspring of women with diabetes and to examine the extent to which types of maternal diabetes are associated with increased risk of CAs in offspring. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We searched PubMed and Embase from database inception to 15 October 2021 for population-based studies reporting on type-specific CAs in offspring born to women with PGDM (combined type 1 and 2) or GDM, with no limitation on language. Reviewers extracted data for relevant outcomes and performed random effects meta-analyses, subgroup analyses, and multivariable meta-regression. Risk of bias appraisal was performed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool. This study was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021229217). Primary outcomes were overall CAs and CHDs. Secondary outcomes were type-specific CAs. Overall, 59 population-based studies published from 1990 to 2021 with 80,437,056 participants met the inclusion criteria. Of the participants, 2,407,862 (3.0%) women had PGDM and 2,353,205 (2.9%) women had GDM. The meta-analyses showed increased risks of overall CAs/CHDs in offspring born to women with PGDM (for overall CAs, relative risk [RR] = 1.99, 95% CI 1.82 to 2.17, P < 0.001; for CHDs, RR = 3.46, 95% CI 2.77 to 4.32, P < 0.001) or GDM (for overall CAs, RR = 1.18, 95% CI 1.13 to 1.23, P < 0.001; for CHDs, RR = 1.50, 95% CI 1.38 to 1.64, P < 0.001). The results of the meta-regression analyses showed significant differences in RRs of CAs/CHDs in PGDM versus GDM (all P < 0.001). Of the 23 CA categories, excluding CHD-related categories, in offspring, maternal PGDM was associated with a significantly increased risk of CAs in 21 categories; the corresponding RRs ranged from 1.57 (for hypospadias, 95% CI 1.22 to 2.02) to 18.18 (for holoprosencephaly, 95% CI 4.03 to 82.06). Maternal GDM was associated with a small but significant increase in the risk of CAs in 9 categories; the corresponding RRs ranged from 1.14 (for limb reduction, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.23) to 5.70 (for heterotaxia, 95% CI 1.09 to 29.92). The main limitation of our analysis is that some high significant heterogeneity still persisted in both subgroup and sensitivity analyses. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we observed an increased rate of CAs in offspring of women with diabetes and noted the differences for PGDM versus GDM. The RRs of overall CAs and CHDs in offspring of women with PGDM were higher than those in offspring of women with GDM. Screening for diabetes in pregnant women may enable better glycemic control, and may enable identification of offspring at risk for CAs.
Advice that includes food sources of unsaturated fat supports future risk management of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Abstract Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and heart disease than pregnant women without GDM. Advice given during the GDM pregnancy provides an opportunity to develop protective dietary patterns for the long-term management of this risk. Dietary guidelines for the prevention and management of type 2 DM support the inclusion of unsaturated fats, but food advice needs to target this outcome. The aim of this study was to compare the dietary intakes of women with GDM given general low-fat advice (control group) to women with GDM given the same advice with additional targets for food sources of unsaturated fats (intervention group). After approximately 6 weeks, the intervention group reported more ideal dietary fatty acid intakes than the control group, with polyunsaturated:saturated fat ratios of 1:1 and 0.4:1, respectively ( P < .001), assessed using repeated measures analysis of variance. These results confirm the need to include food sources of unsaturated fats in advice strategies to assure optimal protective eating habits in this at-risk group.
Maternal Omega-3 Nutrition, Placental Transfer and Fetal Brain Development in Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia.; Omega-3 fatty acids, particularly docosahexaenoic fatty acid (DHA), are widely recognized to impact fetal and infant neurodevelopment. The impact of DHA on brain development, and its inefficient synthesis from the essential alpha-linolenic acid (ALA), has led to recommended DHA intakes of 250-375 mg eicosapentaenoic acid + DHA/day for pregnant and lactating women by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Despite these recommendations, the intake of omega-3s in women of child-bearing age in the US remains very low. The low maternal status of DHA prior to pregnancy could impair fetal neurodevelopment. This review focuses on maternal omega-3 status in conditions of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia, and the subsequent impact on placental transfer and cord blood concentration of omega-3s. Both GDM and preeclampsia are associated with altered maternal omega-3 status, altered placental omega-3 metabolism, reduced cord blood omega-3 levels and have an impact on neurodevelopment in the infant and on brain health later in life. These findings indicate lower DHA exposure of the developing baby may be driven by lower placental transfer in both conditions. Thus, determining approaches which facilitate increased delivery of DHA during pregnancy and early development might positively impact brain development in infants born to mothers with these diseases.
Improving systems of care during and after a pregnancy complicated by hyperglycaemia: A protocol for a complex health systems intervention.; BACKGROUND: Many women with hyperglycaemia in pregnancy do not receive care during and after pregnancy according to standards recommended in international guidelines. The burden of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy falls disproportionately upon Indigenous peoples worldwide, including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women in Australia. The remote and regional Australian context poses additional barriers to delivering healthcare, including high staff turnover and a socially disadvantaged population with a high prevalence of diabetes. METHODS: A complex health systems intervention to improve care for women during and after a pregnancy complicated by hyperglycaemia will be implemented in remote and regional Australia (the Northern Territory and Far North Queensland). The Theoretical Domains Framework was used during formative work with stakeholders to identify intervention components: (1) increasing workforce capacity, skills and knowledge and improving health literacy of health professionals and women; (2) improving access to healthcare through culturally and clinically appropriate pathways; (3) improving information management and communication; (4) enhancing policies and guidelines; (5) embedding use of a clinical register as a quality improvement tool. The intervention will be evaluated utilising the RE-AIM framework at two timepoints: firstly, a qualitative interim evaluation involving interviews with stakeholders (health professionals, champions and project implementers); and subsequently a mixed-methods final evaluation of outcomes and processes: interviews with stakeholders; survey of health professionals; an audit of electronic health records and clinical register; and a review of operational documents. Outcome measures include changes between pre- and post-intervention in: proportion of high risk women receiving recommended glucose screening in early pregnancy; diabetes-related birth outcomes; proportion of women receiving recommended postpartum care including glucose testing; health practitioner confidence in providing care, knowledge and use of relevant guidelines and referral pathways, and perception of care coordination and communication systems; changes to health systems including referral pathways and clinical guidelines. DISCUSSION: This study will provide insights into the impact of health systems changes in improving care for women with hyperglycaemia during and after pregnancy in a challenging setting. It will also provide detailed information on process measures in the implementation of such health system changes.
Brain responses to food viewing in women during pregnancy and post partum and their relationship with metabolic health: study protocol for the FOODY Brain Study, a prospective observational study.; INTRODUCTION: Food cravings are common in pregnancy and along with emotional eating and eating in the absence of hunger, they are associated with excessive weight gain and adverse effects on metabolic health including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with GDM also show poorer mental health, which further can contribute to dysregulated eating behaviour. Food cravings can lead to greater activity in brain centres known to be involved in food 'wanting' and reward valuation as well as emotional eating. They are also related to gestational weight gain. Thus, there is a great need to link implicit brain responses to food with explicit measures of food intake behaviour, especially in the perinatal period. The aim of this study is to investigate the spatiotemporal brain dynamics to visual presentations of food in women during pregnancy and in the post partum, and link these brain responses to the eating behaviour and metabolic health outcomes in women with and without GDM. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This prospective observational study will include 20 women with and 20 without GDM, that have valid data for the primary outcomes. Data will be assessed at 24-36 weeks gestational age and at 6 months post partum. The primary outcomes are brain responses to food pictures of varying carbohydrate and fat content during pregnancy and in the post partum using electroencephalography. Secondary outcomes including depressive symptoms, current mood and eating behaviours will be assessed with questionnaires, objective eating behaviours will be measured using Auracle and stress will be measured with heart rate and heart rate variability (Actiheart). Other secondary outcome measures include body composition and glycaemic control parameters. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud approved the study protocol (2021-01976). Study results will be presented at public and scientific conferences and in peer-reviewed journals.
Prehypertension prior to or during early pregnancy is associated with increased risk for hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether and to what extent pre/early-pregnancy blood pressure (BP) in the prehypertensive range contributes to the development of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The cohort consisted of women who had their prenatal care and delivered a live singleton neonate at the Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center during 2005-2010. Women with prepregnancy hypertension (HTN) were excluded from the analysis. Among the remaining women, pre/early-pregnancy prehypertension (preHTN) was defined as two consecutive elevated BPs (SBP ≥ 120 or DBP ≥ 80) at separate ambulatory visits in the period from 1 year prior to pregnancy through the first trimester. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, including pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E), were identified by ICD-9 diagnoses. Mid-pregnancy 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests were used to identify GDM. Multivariable logistic and robust Poisson regression was used to test the association between preHTN and each outcome, adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: Among 7802 women with at least two BP measures prior to or early in pregnancy, 2156 (27.6%) had preHTN. Overall, 653 (8.4%) developed a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, 373 (4.8%) had PE/E, and 1877 (24.1%) developed GDM. After covariate adjustment, women with preHTN were 2.65 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.22-3.16], 2.17 (95% CI 1.72-2.73), and 1.20 (95% CI 1.09-1.33) times as likely to develop any hypertensive disorder, PE/E, and GDM, respectively, compared to normotensive women. CONCLUSION: Prospective studies aimed at evaluating whether women with preHTN detected prior to or early in pregnancy may benefit from more intensive screening and/or interventions to prevent hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and GDM are needed.
Chromosomal abnormalities associated with fetal megacystis.; Fetal megacystis has been reported to be associated with chromosomal abnormalities, megacystis-microcolon-intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome (MMIHS), obstructive uropathy, prune belly syndrome, cloacal anomalies, limb-body wall complex, amniotic band syndrome, anorectal malformations, VACTERL association (vertebral anomalies, anal atresia, cardiac malformations, tracheo-esophageal fistula, renal anomalies and limb abnormalities) and fetal overgrowth syndrome such as Bechwith-Wiedemann syndrome and Sotos syndrome. This review provides an overview of chromosomal abnormalities associated with fetal megacystis which is useful for genetic counseling and fetal therapy at prenatal diagnosis of fetal megacystis.
Hypoadiponectinaemia in South Asian women during pregnancy: evidence of ethnic variation in adiponectin concentration.; AIMS: People of South Asian descent face an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and coronary artery disease (CAD) compared with other ethnic groups. One candidate factor underlying this risk may be adiponectin, as circulating levels of this adipocyte-derived protein are reduced in both Type 2 DM and CAD. In a recent study, we assessed the relationship between adiponectin and gestational diabetes (GDM), a potential model of early events in the natural history of Type 2 DM. Here, we report the impact of ethnicity on plasma adiponectin concentration in that study. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed in 180 women undergoing oral glucose tolerance testing in late second or early third trimester to investigate the relationship between adiponectin and glucose tolerance in pregnancy. Based on self-reported ethnicity, participants were stratified into three groups: (i) Caucasian (n = 116), (ii) South Asian (n = 31), and (iii) Asian (n = 28). RESULTS: Median adiponectin concentration was much lower in the South Asian group (9.7 micro g/ml) than in Caucasians (15.8 micro g/ml) or Asians (16.1 micro g/ml) (overall P < 0.0001). With adjustment for age, prepregnancy body mass index, weight gain in pregnancy, previous history of GDM, family history of DM, fasting insulin and glucose intolerance, mean adiponectin remained significantly lower among South Asians compared with either Caucasians (P < 0.0001) or Asians (P = 0.0034). CONCLUSIONS: Women of South Asian descent exhibit significantly reduced plasma concentrations of adiponectin in pregnancy compared with Caucasian and Asian counterparts. This observation raises the possibility of hypoadiponectinaemia as a potential factor contributing to the increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in South Asians.
Metabolic syndrome: identifying the risk factors.; OBJECTIVES: To discuss the metabolic syndrome and identify its risk factors, including in the pediatric age group. SOURCES: Indexed review articles. SUMMARY OF THE FINDINGS: The metabolic syndrome is characterized by insulin resistance and the presence of risk factors for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus type 2. Consensus has not yet been reached on its diagnostic criteria. This review presents diagnostic criteria defined by the American Heart Association (US National Cholesterol Education Program), the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, the World Health Organization and the International Diabetes Federation and discusses the possibilities of applying them to children. Pathophysiologic features of the syndrome are also covered, principally those related to the perinatal period and childhood. CONCLUSIONS: The metabolic syndrome is being diagnosed with ever greater frequency, principally during adolescence. Lifestyle changes, such as to diet and level of physical activity are fundamental to prevention. Treatment with medication and, in extreme cases, with surgery should also be considered, depending on severity and age.
Temporal trends in maternal medical conditions and stillbirth.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to estimate the prevalence and temporal trends of medical conditions among women with stillbirth and to determine the effect of medical comorbidities on the trend of stillbirth. STUDY DESIGN: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) for the years 2008-2010 was first queried for all delivery-related discharges. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed with adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) calculated for medical conditions among women with stillbirth. The NIS was then queried for the years 2000-2010, and the effect of maternal medical conditions on the stillbirth rate was estimated. RESULTS: From 2008 to 2010, there were 51,080 deliveries to women with stillbirth, giving a rate of 4.08 per 1000 live births. Women with stillbirth were more likely to be African American (OR, 2.12; 95% CI, 2.07-2.17), with an age less than 25 years (OR, 1.19; 95% CI, 1.16-1.22) or older than 35 years (OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.37-1.44) compared with women without stillbirth. Medical conditions such as cardiac, rheumatological, and renal disorders; hypertension; diabetes; thrombophilia; and drug, alcohol and tobacco use, were independent predictors of fetal demise in multivariable logistic regression modeling. From 2000 to 2010, despite an increase in the total number of births to women with comorbidities, there was a significant decrease in the stillbirth rate, which was more pronounced among women with comorbidities compared with women without comorbidities (P=.021). CONCLUSION: From 2000 to 2010, there was a significantly greater decrease in the stillbirth rate among women with maternal medical conditions than there was among women without comorbidities. These findings occurred despite an overall increase in the number of pregnancies to women with medical comorbidities over the time period. Because the NIS does not include information on gestational age, birthweight, or whether subjects had antepartum testing, we are not able to determine the effect of these variables on the observed outcomes.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes. RECENT FINDINGS: It is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards. SUMMARY: The long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Screening and management of gestational diabetes mellitus in Scottish obstetric units: a national survey.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The last study of screening practices for gestational diabetes (GDM) in the UK concluded that a lack of consensus about screening was due to a lack of clinical guidelines. We aimed to determine current practices in Scotland since new guidelines recommended that diagnosis should be made at a lower level of hyperglycaemia. METHOD AND RESULTS: An online questionnaire designed to investigate the screening and management of GDM was distributed to all maternity units in Scotland managing women with GDM (n = 15) for completion by relevant clinical team members. The response rate was 100%. Considerable variation in clinical practice existed between units. Thirteen units (86.7%) had adopted the lower glucose tolerance values for diagnosis of GDM (fasting ≥5.1 mmol/L; 2-h ≥8.5 mmol/L) recommended by the Scottish Intercollegiate Guidelines Network in 2010. Available data from units using this guideline (n = 3) revealed a significant increase in the percentage of women diagnosed with GDM between 2010 and 2012 (2010: 1.28%, 2012: 2.54%; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Despite provision of clinical guidelines, there are still inconsistencies in screening and management of GDM in Scotland. If a similar increase in the prevalence of GDM is experienced across Scotland, there will be major implications for health care provision and resource allocation.
Impact of maternal obesity on perinatal and childhood outcomes.; Maternal obesity is of major consequence, affecting every aspect of maternity care including both short- and long-term effects on the health of the offspring. Obese mothers are at a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, potentially exposing the foetus to an adverse intrauterine environment. Maternal obesity is linked to foetal macrosomia, resulting in increased neonatal and maternal morbidity. Foetal macrosomia is a result of a change in body composition in the neonate with an increase in both percentage fat and fat mass. Maternal obesity and gestational weight gain are associated with childhood obesity, and this effect extends into adulthood. Childhood obesity in turn increases chances of later life obesity, thus type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Further clinical trials of lifestyle and, potentially, pharmacological interventions in obese pregnant women are required to determine whether short- and long-term adverse effects for the mother and child can be reduced.
Fish Oil Supplementation does not Reduce Risks of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension, or Pre-Eclampsia: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; BACKGROUND: The effects of gestational supplementation with fish oil on risks for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), and pre-eclampsia (PE) have not been confirmed. In this study, a meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the effect of fish oil supplementation on these gestational complications. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Randomized controlled human trials that investigated the effects of fish oil supplementation in pregnant women were identified by a systematic search of Medline, Embase, and Cochrane's Library, and references of related reviews and studies up to December 2014. Relative risks (RRs) for GDM, PIH, and PE were the outcomes of interest. Fixed-effects or random-effects models were applied according to the heterogeneity. RESULTS: Thirteen comparisons from 11 published articles, including more than 5000 participants, were included. The results showed that fish oil supplementation was not associated with reduced risks for GDM (RR=1.06, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.85-1.32, p=0.60), PIH (RR=1.03, 95% CI: 0.89-1.20, p=0.66), or PE (RR=0.93, 95% CI: 0.74-1.16, p=0.51). No statistically significant heterogeneity was detected for the comparison of each outcome. The effects of fish oil on these gestational complications were consistent between women with low-risk and high-risk pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational supplementation with fish oil during the second or third trimester of pregnancy is not associated with reduced risks for GDM, PIH, or PE. Other possible benefits of fish oil supplementation during pregnancy warrant further evaluation.
NIH consensus development conference: diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To provide healthcare providers, patients, and the general public with a responsible assessment of currently available data on diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). PARTICIPANTS: A non-U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, nonadvocate 15-member panel representing the fields of obstetrics and gynecology, maternal-fetal medicine, pediatrics, diabetic research, biostatistics, women's health issues, health services research, decision analysis, health management and policy, health economics, epidemiology, and community engagement. In addition, 16 experts from pertinent fields presented data to the panel and conference audience. EVIDENCE: Presentations by experts and a systematic review of the literature prepared by the University of Alberta Evidence-based Practice Centre, through the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ). Scientific evidence was given precedence over anecdotal experience. CONFERENCE PROCESS: The panel drafted its statement based on scientific evidence presented in open forum and on published scientific literature. The draft statement was posted at http://prevention.nih.gov/ for public comment and the panel released a final statement approximately 10 weeks later. The final statement is an independent report of the panel and is not a policy statement of the NIH or the Federal Government. CONCLUSIONS: At present, GDM is commonly diagnosed in the United States using a 1-hour screening test with a 50-gram glucose load followed by a 3-hour 100-gram glucose tolerance test (a two-step approach) for those found to be abnormal on the screen. This approach identifies approximately 5% to 6% of the population as having GDM. In contrast, newly proposed diagnostic strategies rely on the administration of a 2-hour glucose tolerance test (a one-step approach) with a fasting component and a 75-gram glucose load. These strategies differ on whether a 1-hour sample is included, whether two abnormal values are required, and the diagnostic cutoffs that are used. The International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) has proposed diagnostic thresholds based on demonstrated associations between glycemic levels and an increased risk of obstetric and perinatal morbidities. The panel considered whether a one-step approach to the diagnosis of GDM should be adopted in place of the two-step approach. The one-step approach offers certain operational advantages. The current two-step approach is used only during pregnancy and is largely restricted to the United States. There would be value in a consistent, international diagnostic standard across one's lifespan. This unification would allow better standardization of best practices in patient care and comparability of research outcomes. The one-step approach also holds potential advantages for women and their health care providers, as it would allow a diagnosis to be achieved within the context of one visit as opposed to two. However, the one-step approach, as proposed by the IADPSG, is anticipated to increase the frequency of the diagnosis of GDM by twofold to threefold, to a prevalence of approximately 15% to 20%. There are several concerns regarding the diagnosis of GDM in these additional women. It is not well understood whether the additional women identified by this approach will benefit from treatment, and if so, to what extent. Moreover, the care of these women will generate additional direct and indirect health care costs. There is also evidence that the labeling of these women may have unintended consequences, such as an increase in cesarean delivery and more intensive newborn assessments. In addition, increased patient costs, life disruptions, and psychosocial burdens have been identified. Available studies do not provide clear evidence that a one-step approach is cost-effective in comparison with the current two-step approach. After much deliberation, the panel believes that there are clear benefits to international standardization with regard to the one-step approach. Nevertheless, at present, the panel believes that there is not sufficient evidence to adopt a one-step approach. The panel is particularly concerned about the adoption of new criteria that would increase the prevalence of GDM, and the corresponding costs and interventions, without clear demonstration of improvements in the most clinically important health and patient-centered outcomes. Thus, the panel recommends that the two-step approach be continued. However, given the potential benefits of a one-step approach, resolution of the uncertainties associated with its use would warrant revision of this conclusion.
Relationship between vitamin D and gestational diabetes in overweight or obese pregnant women may be mediated by adiponectin.; SCOPE: Maternal vitamin D deficiency has been implicated in adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, the association between vitamin D and inflammation, particularly adipokines, remains unexplored in pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: In 102 overweight or obese pregnant women at high-risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we investigated relationships between maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations at 12-15 wk gestation (baseline) and serum lipids, inflammatory markers, novel adipokines (omentin-1, visfatin, high molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin), and subsequent pregnancy outcomes (GDM, preeclampsia, preterm birth [PTB]). After adjustment for maternal factors (age, BMI, parity, ethnicity, and smoking status), baseline 25(OH)D concentrations were inversely associated with total cholesterol and triglycerides, and positively associated with HMW-adiponectin. Higher baseline 25(OH)D concentrations were associated with decreased fasting and 1-h post-OGTT glucose and reduced risk of GDM at 26-28 wk, as well as with longer gestation and reduced risk of PTB upon additional adjustment for caesarean section. Adding HMW-adiponectin to the multivariable models attenuated most associations, and HMW-adiponectin was a significant predictor in the models. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that lower maternal 25(OH)D concentrations in overweight/obese pregnant women at high-risk of GDM are associated with increased cardiometabolic risks during pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcomes, and that these associations may be mediated by HMW-adiponectin.
Implementing a healthy postpartum lifestyle after gestational diabetes or preeclampsia: a qualitative study of the partner's role.; BACKGROUND: Women with preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for later cardiovascular disease, and lifestyle measures are recommended to prevent subsequent disease. Partner support has been shown to be important in lifestyle modification in other diseases, but there is a lack of knowledge of partner involvement in PE and GDM. The aim of this study was to explore the partner's experiences and knowledge of gestational diseases, and how the partner wishes to contribute to lifestyle change. METHODS: A qualitative study with one focus group interview and seven in-depth individual interviews, involving eleven partners of women with a pregnancy complicated by GDM or PE. The interview data were inductively analysed using four-step systematic text condensation, supported by interdependence theory. RESULTS: Partners experienced a strong "we-feeling" and wanted to support the woman in lifestyle changes. At the same time, they felt insecure, worried, foolish and left out and they missed information from clinicians. The partners felt that their involvement was crucial to lasting lifestyle changes and expected that the clinicians would routinely invite them to discuss lifestyle change. CONCLUSIONS: Partners considered themselves an important resource for lifestyle changes for women with PE and GDM, but missed being more directly invited, informed and included in maternity care and wanted to participate in the care that followed the gestational disease. This study can help health professionals to realize that partners are an overlooked resource that can make important contributions to improve the health of the whole family if they are involved and supported by health services.
Exercise during pregnancy protects against hypertension and macrosomia: randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of all pregnancies with some form of hypertension can be up to 10%, with the rates of diagnosis varying according to the country and population studied and the criteria used to establish the diagnosis. Prepregnancy obesity and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) of all body mass index (BMI) categories have been associated with maternal hypertensive disorders and linked to macrosomia (>4000 g) and low birthweight (<2500 g). No large randomized controlled trial with high adherence to an exercise program has examined pregnancy-induced hypertension and these associated issues. We investigated whether women adherent (≥80% attendance) to an exercise program initiated early showed a reduction in pregnancy-induced hypertension and excessive GWG in all prepregnancy BMI categories, and determined if maternal exercise protected against macrosomia and low birthweight. OBJECTIVE: We sought to examine the impact of a program of supervised exercise throughout pregnancy on the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial was used. Women were randomized into an exercise group (N = 382) or a control group (N = 383) receiving standard care. The exercise group trained 3 d/wk (50-55 min/session) from gestational weeks 9-11 until weeks 38-39. The 85 training sessions involved aerobic exercise, muscular strength, and flexibility. RESULTS: High attendance to the exercise program regardless of BMI showed that pregnant women who did not exercise are 3 times more likely to develop hypertension (odds ratio [OR], 2.96; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.29-6.81, P = .01) and are 1.5 times more likely to gain excessive weight if they do not exercise (OR, 1.47; 95% CI, 1.06-2.03, P = .02). Pregnant women who do not exercise are also 2.5 times more likely to give birth to a macrosomic infant (OR, 2.53; 95% CI, 1.03-6.20, P = .04). CONCLUSION: Maternal exercise may be a preventative tool for hypertension and excessive GWG, and may control offspring size at birth while reducing comorbidities related to chronic disease risk.
Elevated galectin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity and recognized as a women-specific risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms for this association are not well established. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular-related biomarkers, galectin-3 (Gal-3) and protein convertase subtilisin/kexin (PCSK) type 9, in women with GDM. METHODS: Blood samples were drawn in the third trimester from 31 women diagnosed with GDM and from 35 women with normal pregnancies. Blood levels of Gal-3 and PCSK-9 were measured using a quantitative sandwich enzyme immunoassay. In addition, we measured Gal-3 levels in 24 pregnant women in the first trimester who later developed GDM and in 36 healthy controls. Continuous variables were compared using student's t-test and categorical variables by chi-square/fisher's exact tests. RESULTS: We found increased levels of Gal-3 in women diagnosed with GDM compared to women without GDM (124.6±32% versus control; pv = 0.001). Furthermore, we demonstrated elevated levels of Gal-3 during the first trimester among women who later developed GDM compared with women who did not develop any gestational morbidity (125.7±32% versus control; pv = 0.004). Third-trimester levels of PCSK-9 did not differ between women with and without GDM (560±45ng/mL versus 553±33ng/mL; pv = 0.4). CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest a possible mechanism that may link GDM to the future increased cardiovascular risk in these patients. Additionally, increased Gal-3 levels during the first trimester may suggest a new early predictor for GDM.
A Glo1-Methylglyoxal Pathway that Is Perturbed in Maternal Diabetes Regulates Embryonic and Adult Neural Stem Cell Pools in Murine Offspring.; Maternal diabetes is known to adversely influence brain development in offspring. Here, we provide evidence that this involves the circulating metabolite methylglyoxal, which is increased in diabetes, and its detoxifying enzyme, glyoxalase 1 (Glo1), which when mutated is associated with neurodevelopmental disorders. Specifically, when Glo1 levels were decreased in embryonic mouse cortical neural precursor cells (NPCs), this led to premature neurogenesis and NPC depletion embryonically and long-term alterations in cortical neurons postnatally. Increased circulating maternal methylglyoxal caused similar changes in embryonic cortical precursors and neurons and long-lasting changes in cortical neurons and NPCs in adult offspring. Depletion of embryonic and adult NPCs was also observed in murine offspring exposed to a maternal diabetic environment. Thus, the Glo1-methylglyoxal pathway integrates maternal and NPC metabolism to regulate neural development, and perturbations in this pathway lead to long-lasting alterations in adult neurons and NPC pools.
Low-dose aspirin to prevent preeclampsia in women at high risk. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Network of Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units.; BACKGROUND: Whether low-dose aspirin prevents preeclampsia is unclear. It is not recommended as prophylaxis in women at low risk for preeclampsia but may reduce the incidence of the disease in women at high risk. METHODS: We conducted a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial in four groups of pregnant women at high risk for preeclampsia, including 471 women with pregestational insulin-treated diabetes mellitus, 774 women with chronic hypertension, 688 women with multifetal gestations, and 606 women who had had preeclampsia during a previous pregnancy. The women were enrolled between gestational weeks 13 and 26 and received either 60 mg of aspirin or placebo daily. RESULTS: Outcome data were obtained on all but 36 of the 2539 women who entered the study. The incidence of preeclampsia was similar in the 1254 women in the aspirin group and the 1249 women in the placebo group (aspirin, 18 percent; placebo, 20 percent; P=0.23). The incidences in the aspirin and placebo groups for each of the four high-risk categories were also similar: for women with pregestational diabetes mellitus, the incidence was 18 percent in the aspirin group and 22 percent in the placebo group (P=0.38); for women with chronic hypertension, 26 percent and 25 percent (P= 0.66); for those with multifetal gestations, 12 percent and 16 percent (P=0.10); and for those with preeclampsia during a previous pregnancy, 17 percent and 19 percent (P=0.47). In addition, the incidences of perinatal death, preterm birth, and infants small for gestational age were similar in the aspirin and placebo groups. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, low-dose aspirin did not reduce the incidence of preeclampsia significantly or improve perinatal outcomes in pregnant women at high risk for preeclampsia.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus induces neuroinflammation, derangement of hippocampal neurons, and cognitive changes in rat offspring.; BACKGROUND: Birth cohort studies link gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with impaired cognitive performance in the offspring. However, the mechanisms involved are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that obesity-associated GDM induces chronic neuroinflammation and disturbs the development of neuronal circuitry resulting in impaired cognitive abilities in the offspring. METHODS: In rats, GDM was induced by feeding dams a diet high in sucrose and fatty acids. Brains of neonatal (E20) and young adult (15-week-old) offspring of GDM and lean dams were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, cytokine assay, and western blotting. Young adult offspring of GDM and lean dams went also through cognitive assessment. Cultured microglial responses to elevated glucose and/or fatty acids levels were analyzed. RESULTS: In rats, impaired recognition memory was observed in the offspring of GDM dams. GDM exposure combined with a postnatal high-fat and sucrose diet resulted in atypical inattentive behavior in the offspring. These cognitive changes correlated with reduced density and derangement of Cornu Ammonis 1 pyramidal neuronal layer, decreased hippocampal synaptic integrity, increased neuroinflammatory status, and reduced expression of CX3CR1, the microglial fractalkine receptor regulating microglial pro-inflammatory responses and synaptic pruning. Primary microglial cultures that were exposed to high concentrations of glucose and/or palmitate were transformed into an activated, amoeboid morphology with increased nitric oxide and superoxide production, and altered their cytokine release profile. CONCLUSIONS: These findings demonstrate that GDM stimulates microglial activation and chronic inflammatory responses in the brain of the offspring that persist into young adulthood. Reactive gliosis correlates positively with hippocampal synaptic decline and cognitive impairments. The elevated pro-inflammatory cytokine expression at the critical period of hippocampal synaptic maturation suggests that neuroinflammation might drive the synaptic and cognitive decline in the offspring of GDM dams. The importance of microglia in this process is supported by the reduced Cx3CR1 expression as an indication of the loss of microglial control of inflammatory responses and phagocytosis and synaptic pruning in GDM offspring.
Glycogen distribution in the capillaries of the placental villus in normal, overt and gestational diabetic pregnancy.; Glycogen distribution has been examined in placental capillaries in normal (N; 11), overtly diabetic (OD; 8) and gestational diabetic (GD; 7) pregnancies using light and electron histochemistry. Light microscopy revealed a wide variation in glycogen deposition in all three groups, but the method was too insensitive to visualize deposits in the villous capillaries. An ultrahistochemical technique, however, rendered glycogen detectable. Endothelial cells (EC) and pericytes (PERI) in 100 capillaries per specimen were scored as to whether their glycogen was dispersed (D) or aggregated (A). Again, a large range in the amounts of both types of glycogen was seen. When EC and PERI comprising a capillary cross-section were considered together as 'functional units', a higher (P < 0.11) relative number of cells containing A was found in OD (51 +/- 8 per cent) than in N (41 +/- 17 per cent) or GD (43 +/- 18 per cent). In OD more EC and PERI, considered separately, tended to contain A than those in N and GD, but large variations in the data precluded statistical significance. The proportion of PERI containing aggregated glycogen was higher (P < 0.0002) than that of EC in all groups. We suggest that, on average, placental EC and PERI contain higher glycogen levels in OD than in N or GD. Moreover, these cells might contribute to the high glycogen levels in placentae from diabetic pregnancies.
Pre-Conception Dyslipidemia Is Associated with Development of Preeclampsia and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: The association between glucose intolerance, elevated blood pressure and abnormal lipid levels is well established and comprises the basis of metabolic syndrome pathophysiology. We hypothesize that abnormal preconception lipid levels are associated with the increased risk of severe pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: We included all singleton deliveries (n = 27,721) of women without known cardiovascular morbidity and preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus during previous pregnancies. Association between preconception low high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDLc level≤50 mg/dL), high triglycerides (level≥150 mg/dL) and the primary outcome (composite of gestational diabetes mellitus/or preeclampsia) was assessed using Generalized Estimation Equations. RESULTS: Primary outcome of preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes was observed in a total of 3,243 subjects (11.7%). Elevated triglycerides and low HDLc were independently associated with the primary outcome: with odds ratio (OR) of 1.61 (95% CI 1.29-2.01) and OR = 1.33 (95% CI 1.09-1.63), respectively, after adjusting for maternal age, weight, blood pressure, repeated abortions, fertility treatments and fasting glucose. There was an interaction between the effects of HDLc≤50 mg/dL and triglycerides≥150 mg/dL with an OR of 2.69 (95% CI 1.73-4.19). CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis showed an increased rate of preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes in women with low HDLc and high triglycerides values prior to conception. In view of the severity of these pregnancy complications, we believe this finding warrants a routine screening for the abnormal lipid profile among women of a child-bearing age.
Impaired left ventricular diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes with good glycemic control.; THE AIM OF THE STUDY: We assessed by echocardiography the left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational type 1 or gestational diabetes (IDM) in comparison to normal term neonates. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Two-dimensional/M-mode and Doppler transmitral flow velocity measurements were performed in 18 IDM and 26 control infants of non-diabetic mothers (gestational ages 36-40 and 36-41 weeks, respectively) between days 2 and 5 after birth. In the IDM, there were nine mothers with pregestational (White class C or D) and nine mothers with gestational diabetes (White class A or A/B). Peak early and atrial filling velocity, early deceleration time, early acceleration time, early, atrial and total time velocity integrals were used to examine the left ventricular diastolic performance. We also calculated the early/atrial velocity ratio, early/atrial integral ratio and early/total integral ratio. The fractional shortening, fractional shortening area, midwall fractional shortening (mFS), left ventricular mass and indexed left ventricular mass for body surface area (BSA) and birth weight were used in assessment of left ventricular systolic performance. RESULTS: The early deceleration time was longer, resulting in higher early integral and early filling fraction (EFF) in the IDM than in the control infants (p<0.01). In the IDM, the fractional shortening was somewhat greater and the left ventricular mass/body surface area ratio was higher than in the control group (p<0.05), although the measures of systolic performance were within the normal range. There were no significant differences in the systolic or diastolic function parameters between the gestational and pregestational groups. CONCLUSION: In the infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational or gestational diabetes, we found prolonged deceleration time of early left ventricular diastolic filling, probably reflecting an impaired left ventricular relaxation rather than compliance. The mechanism for the findings may be maternal hyperglycemia during the third trimester and subsequent fetal hyperinsulinaemia leading to neonatal cardiac hypertrophy.
Oxytocin challenge test in monitoring high-risk pregnancies.; Eighty-nine pregnancies, at risk for placental insufficiency, were monitored with serial oxytocin challenge tests (OCT) and estriol determinations on 24-hour urine collections. Intraamniotic catheters were used to accurately record intrauterine pressure in 63% of the tests; 114 of the 116 tests (98%) were adequate for interpretation. Thirteen positive tests were recorded; however, in only 2 cases did the positive OCT predict a dysmature-postmature infant when estriol determinations were normal. Prompt delivery following a positive OCT can significantly reduce the incidence of fetal wastage.
Astaxanthin alleviates gestational diabetes mellitus in mice through suppression of oxidative stress.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide, which increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease for both the mother and the fetus. Natural compound Astaxanthin has been reported to have benefits in obesity and diabetes. A pregnant C57BL/KsJ db/+ mouse was used as a genetic GDM model to investigate the effect of Astaxanthin on GDM symptoms and reproductive outcomes. Blood glucose, plasma insulin, glucose intolerance, insulin sensitivity, biochemical indexes of plasma, and the liver were measured; Nrf2 and HO-1 protein levels were detected by Western blotting. Astaxanthin significantly alleviated the glucose intolerance and β cell insufficiency, inhibited in vivo oxidative stress, enhanced the activity of antioxidant enzymes, and improved reproductive outcomes. Mechanistically, the effect of Astaxanthin was mediated by restoring the Nrf2/HO-1 antioxidant pathway in the liver of GDM mice. Our findings supported that Astaxanthin was a potential therapeutic reagent for not only diabetes but also GDM symptomology.
Comparison of Stroke Recurrence, Cardiovascular Events, and Death Among Patients With Pregnancy-Associated vs Non-Pregnancy-Associated Stroke.; IMPORTANCE: Women with pregnancy-associated stroke might have different risks of stroke recurrence, including during subsequent pregnancies, and other cardiovascular events due to pregnancy-specific stroke risk factors, such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the rate of stroke recurrence, cardiovascular hospitalization, and death in women with pregnancy-associated stroke compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study included all women aged 15 to 49 years in France who were affiliated with the general scheme of French health care insurance (94% of women) and had a first hospitalization for stroke between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2018. Women were followed up until December 31, 2020, with the registration of stroke recurrence, hospitalization for cardiovascular conditions, and death. Data were from the French health care database Système National des Données de Santé. Statistical analyses were conducted between December 2021 and September 2022. EXPOSURE: Pregnancy status at the time of stroke. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Poisson regressions were used to estimate incidence rates of these events with 95% CIs. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) of each event during the follow-up for women with a pregnancy-associated stroke vs women with a non-pregnancy-associated stroke. RESULTS: Among women aged between 15 and 49 years between 2010 and 2018 and living in France, 1204 had a pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean (SD) age of 31.5 (5.8) years, and 31 697 had a non-pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean age of 39.6 (8.2) years. Among the 1204 women with a pregnancy-associated stroke, the incidence rate was 11.4 (95% CI, 9.0-14.3) per 1000 person-years, with 2 recurrent events during a subsequent pregnancy. Compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke, women with pregnancy-associated stroke had lower risks of ischemic stroke (adjusted HR, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.36-0.77), cardiovascular events (adjusted HR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.49-0.69), and death (adjusted HR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.22-0.79). In contrast, the risk of recurrent intracerebral hemorrhage and cerebral venous thrombosis did not differ significantly, whereas the risks of venous thromboembolism (HR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.14-3.58) and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation (HR, 3.93; 95% CI, 1.10-14.0) were increased. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, although the risks of ischemic stroke, overall cardiovascular events, and mortality were lower after a pregnancy-associated stroke than after a non-pregnancy-associated stroke, the risks of venous thromboembolism and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation were higher. Recurrent stroke during a subsequent pregnancy remained rare.
Effect of race/ethnicity on hypertension risk subsequent to gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is greater in racially/ethnically diverse groups compared with non-Hispanic white populations. Although race has been shown to modify other cardiovascular disease risk factors in postpartum women, the role of race/ethnicity on GDM and subsequent hypertension has yet to be examined. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of race/ethnicity in relation to GDM and subsequent hypertension in a retrospective analysis of women who delivered at Massachusetts General Hospital from 1998 to 2007. Multivariate analyses were used to determine the associations between GDM and (1) race/ethnicity, (2) hypertension, and (3) the interaction with hypertension and race/ethnicity. Women were monitored for a median of 3.8 years from the date of delivery. In our population of 4,010 women, GDM was more common in nonwhite participants (p<0.0001). GDM was also associated with hypertension subsequent to delivery after adjusting for age, race, parity, first-trimester systolic blood pressure, body mass index, maternal gestational weight gain, and preeclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 1.75, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.28 to 2.37, p=0.0004). Moreover, Hispanic (HR 3.25, 95% CI 1.85 to 5.72, p<0.0001) and white (HR 1.68, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.57, p=0.02) women with GDM had greater hypertension risk relative to their race/ethnicity-specific counterparts without GDM in race-stratified multivariable analyses. In conclusion, Hispanic women compared with white women have an increased risk of hypertension. Hispanic and white women with GDM are at a greater risk for hypertension compared with those without GDM. Because the present study may have had limited power to detect effects among black and Asian women with GDM, further research is warranted to elucidate the need for enhanced hypertension risk surveillance in these young women.
Successful treatment of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy with tissue plasminogen activator.; A 30-year-old woman had an acute inferior wall myocardial infarction at 21 weeks' gestation and was successfully treated with intravenous tissue plasminogen activator. This case demonstrates that good perinatal outcome is possible after thrombolytic therapy for acute myocardial infarction complicating the second trimester of pregnancy.
[Ultrasonic study of fetal dysmaturity: hypertension, diabetes and Rhesus-immunization (author's transl)].; Using ultrasonic A- and B-scan equipment (Kretz-Technik), 80 pregnancies with chronic placental dysfunction were investigated: 34 cases with hypertension, 24 cases with diabetes and 22 cases with rhesus immunization. In addition to biparietal diameter (A-scan), the direct and transverse diameter, the circumference and the area were estimated on B-scan displays of the occipito-frontal plane and the largest cross-sectional plane of the abdomen. 15 parameters of fetal growth and body composition were compared with normal standards. The significance of the different methods in the diagnosis of fetal dysmaturity was demonstrated.
Maternal resveratrol consumption and its programming effects on metabolic health in offspring mechanisms and potential implications.; A growing body of evidence has clearly demonstrated that maternal nutrition can strongly determine the susceptibility to the development of metabolic diseases in offspring. With the increasing prevalence of maternal overweight, obesity, and gestational diabetes mellitus, it yields enormous burden for individual and public health. Interventions during pregnancy have been proven to be challenging, with limited efficacy and low compliance. Resveratrol, as a natural polyphenolic compound, has a wide-range of beneficial properties, including potent antiobesogenic, antiatherosclerotic, and antidiabetic effects. However, the role of maternal resveratrol intake on metabolic health in offspring has not been extensively investigated. Therefore, the aim of this study was to review the effects of maternal resveratrol supplementation on metabolic health in offspring and its potential mechanisms.
[Translational research in gestational diabetes mellitus and mild gestational hyperglycemia: current knowledge and our experience].; Maternal diabetes constitutes an unfavorable environment for fetal-placental and embryonic development. It is has important repercussion in modern obstetrics, since it is associated to an increased risk of neonatal and maternal morbidity, and it still is a significant medical challenge. The increased occurrence of diabetes worldwide, the increase in diabetes type 2 in women at reproductive age and the crossed generation of intrauterine programming for diabetes type 2 are the bases for the growing interest in utilization of diabetic experimental samples, with the aim to acquire knowledge about the mechanisms that induce development alterations in gestational diabetes. Several studies have shown the benefits of diabetes prevention, with interventions in lifestyle, metabolic improvement and control of cardiovascular risk factors to substantially prevent the complications of this devastating disease. Despite these findings, the recent revolution in the scientific knowledge, and the infinite number of new therapies for diabetes, there is still a large gap between what was learned through research and what is really done in public, clinical and community health. The negative economic impact of this complacency in people, families, and national economies is alarming. It is expected that translational research in the binomial diabetes and pregnancy are implemented in centers of excellence, in both basic and applied research, and complemented by multicenter clinical studies, conducted in a pragmatic way to increase the level of scientific evidence with more reliable diagnostic and propaedeutic resources.
Infants of diabetic mothers are at increased risk for the oculo-auriculo-vertebral sequence: A case-based and case-control approach.; OBJECTIVES: To determine if infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at increased risk for dysplastic ears and the oculoauriculo-vertebral spectrum (OAVS). STUDY DESIGN: Cases of IDM with dysplastic external ears seen at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center were combined with case series in medical literature describing similar patients. Data from a large congenital birth defects registry in Spain were analyzed, and odds ratios (OR) for infants born to either a gestational or preconceptionally diabetic mother to have one of the studied malformations were calculated with 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Among the 30 patients in the case series, 50.0% (15) had hemifacial microsomia; 46.7% (14) had hearing loss; 33.3% (10) had facial nerve palsy; 33.3% (10) had vertebral anomalies; 36.7% (11) had cardiovascular defects, of which 45% (5) were conotruncal defects; 26.7% (8) had renal anomalies; 13.3% (4) had limb defects (all radial ray hypoplasia); 10% (3) had DiGeorge sequence; 6.7% (2) had laterality defects; and 6.7% (2) had imperforate anus. Within the cases from the birth defects registry, the odds ratio for OAVS in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus was 2.28 (95% CI, 1.03-4.82, P =.03), and the OR for ear anomalies in these infants was 1.21 (95% CI, 0.94-1.56, P =.13). When infants of mothers with preconceptionally diagnosed type 1 or 2 diabetes were considered, the OR for OAVS was 1.50 (95% CI, 0.08-9.99, P =.49), and the OR for dysplastic ears was 0.94 (95% CI, 0.48-1.81, P =.85). CONCLUSIONS: Our data indicate that OAVS occurs with a higher incidence in IDM than in the general population. Associated problems include hearing loss, athymia, and cardiac, renal, and limb malformations. Therefore, we recommend that an IDM with features consistent with OAVS undergo a workup including hearing evaluation, skeletal survey, echocardiogram, renal ultrasonogram, and immunodeficiency workup if clinically indicated. Furthermore, noting that most of these defects occur in structures of neural crest origin, we hypothesize that poorly controlled maternal diabetes interferes with cephalic neural crest cell migration.
Downregulation of large-conductance Ca(2+)-activated K(+) channels in human umbilical arterial smooth muscle cells in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS: We investigated the changes in large-conductance Ca(2+)-activated K(+) (BK(Ca)) channels from human umbilical arterial smooth muscle cells experiencing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MAIN METHODS: Whole-cell patch-clamp technique, arterial tone measurement, RT-PCR, Quantitative real-time PCR, western blot were performed in human umbilical arterial smooth muscle cells. KEY FINDINGS: Whole-cell BK(Ca) current density was decreased in the GDM group compared with the normal group. The vasorelaxant effects of the synthetic BK(Ca) channel activator NS-1619 (10 μM) were impaired in the GDM group compared with the normal group. Reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), real-time RT-PCR, and western blot analyses suggested that the mRNA, total RNA, and protein expression levels of the BK(Ca) channel were decreased in the GDM group relative to the normal group. In addition, the expression levels of protein kinase A and protein kinase G, which regulate BK(Ca) channel activity, remained unchanged between the groups. Applying the BK(Ca) channel inhibitor paxilline (10 μM) induced vasoconstriction and membrane depolarization of isolated umbilical arteries in the normal group but showed less of an effect on umbilical arteries in the GDM group. SIGNIFICANCE: Our results demonstrate for the first time impaired BK(Ca) current and BK(Ca) channel-induced vasorelaxation activities that were not caused by impaired BK(Ca) channel-regulated protein kinases, but by decreased expression of the BK(Ca) channels, in the umbilical arteries of GDM patients.
Endothelial dysfunction in myometrial arteries of women with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: This study directly examined endothelial function of myometrial arteries in the uterus of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), healthy pregnant and non-pregnant women. It also examined whether endothelial function was affected by the changes in glucose concentration (from 2 to 12mmol/L) that is seen in poorly controlled diabetes. METHODS: Ex vivo myometrial arteries from the uterus of women with GDM (N=16) as well as healthy pregnant (N=16) and non-pregnant women (N=15) were mounted on a wire myograph. The effect of changing glucose concentrations from 5mmol/L to 2, 8 and 12mmol/L glucose for 30min was studied. RESULTS: Myometrial arteries from women with GDM had significantly impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation compared to those from both healthy pregnant and non-pregnant women (two-way ANOVA, p<0.001). Changes in glucose concentration had no effect on constriction or endothelium-dependent relaxation in any group studied (two-way ANOVA, p>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Fluctuations of glucose concentrations between 2 and 12mmol/L do not affect endothelial function. Endothelial dysfunction is present in the myometrial arteries of women with GDM, an inherent defect which may be responsible for some of the complications of GDM.
Cardiovascular and metabolic abnormalities in the offspring of diabetic pregnancy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Maternal fuel metabolism is known to exert long range effects on the later development of children of diabetic mothers. Recently cardiovascular disease in adult life has been linked retrospectively with foetal malnutrition. The aim of this study was to identify whether markers for fuel-related cardiovascular programming exist for the offspring of diabetic pregnancy. METHODS: Sixty-one children aged 5 to 11 years, of mothers with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus were compared with 57 randomly selected control children of non-diabetic mothers similar in age, sex and social class. Fasting blood was taken for plasma glucose, insulin, lipids, IGF-1, plasminogen activating inhibitor 1 (PAI-1) and the adhesion molecules ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and E-Selectin. RESULTS: Fasting glucose and insulin were similar in the two groups. Differences existed between the offspring of diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies (mean +/- SD) for total cholesterol (4.45+/-0.56 vs 4.18+/-0.66, p=0.03 ), LDL cholesterol (2.73+/-0.49 vs 2.39+/-0.54, p=0.001), Cholesterol-to-HDL ratio (3.41+/-0.76 vs 3.09+/-0.73, p=0.03), IGF-1 (22.5+/-7.3 vs 19.3+/-8, p=0.04), PAI-1 (20.1+/-6.2 vs 14.9+/-7.3, p=0.000), VCAM-1 (1852+/-444 vs 1509+/-385, p=0.000) and E-Selectin (geometric mean; 83.1 vs 63.9, p=0.001). CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: These results indicate that important differences in cardiovascular risk factors exist between glucose-tolerant children of Type I diabetic and non-diabetic mothers, even in childhood. These data suggest that offspring of diabetic mothers might be at an increased risk for the development of vascular disease in later life.
[Perinatal outcomes of patients with gestational diabetes diagnosed by three different methods].; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is one of the most common diseases during pregnancy. Despite this situation, there is still no consensus on methods for screening and diagnosis of this disease. OBJECTIVE: To assess perinatal outcomes of patients with gestational diabetes diagnosed using three different methods. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Clinical observational, longitudinal, randomized trial at the National Institute of Perinatology Isidro Espinosa de los Reyes. We included all patients admitted to the Institute for a period of three months without pregestational diabetes. Patients were screened for gestational diabetes with an oral load of 50 g of glucose. Patients with a positive screen were randomized by a computer program that randomly chose patients and made a curve according to the criteria of the American Diabetes Association 75 g or 100 g and another group with 75 g according to the criteria of the World Health Organization. Patients with gestational diabetes were followed throughout pregnancy until its reclassification in the puerperium. RESULTS: Screening was performed in 863 patients and 87 were diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Perinatal outcomes were similar in patients with gestational diabetes diagnosed using different methods, but there was a higher frequency of pregnancy-induced hypertension in patients diagnosed with the curves of the American Diabetes Association 75 and 100 g compared with the curve of the World Health Organization. CONCLUSIONS: The American Diabetes Association diagnostic method as the World Health Organization are acceptable forms to diagnose gestational diabetes.
The influence of placental perfusion on birthweight in women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the influence of both uterine and umbilical arteries Doppler pulsatility indexes (PI) and metabolic control on birthweight in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: One hundred sixty-nine women with gestational diabetes were evaluated. Doppler measurements of umbilical artery and mean uterine arteries PI were recorded and the corresponding Z-score values by gestational age calculated. Maternal pregestational body mass index (BMI) and the levels of glycosylated hemoglobin were also recorded. The relationships between these studied variables and customised birthweight centiles according to sex and gestational age were analyzed using Spearman's correlation coefficient and linear regression. RESULTS: There was a significant correlation between birthweight centiles and Z-score values of the umbilical artery PI (r = -0.25, p = 0.001), but not with the Z-score values of the uterine artery PI (r = -0.12, p = 0.43). Third trimester maternal glycosylated hemoglobin was also positively correlated to birthweight (r = 0.29, p = 0.01). When using stepwise linear regression both maternal glycosylated hemoglobin and the Z-score of umbilical artery PI were included as independent variables in the predictive model of birthweight centile (p = 0.0002, p = 0.001 respectively, R(2)( )= 0.27). CONCLUSIONS: Umbilical artery PI predicts birthweight in women with gestational diabetes. However, metabolic control is the only important determinant of fetal macrosomia in these mothers.
Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of subsequent pediatric cardiovascular diseases of the offspring: a population-based cohort study with up to 18 years of follow up.; AIMS: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing worldwide. We aimed to study the effect of GDM on the risk for childhood cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. METHODS: A population-based cohort analysis was performed comparing total and different subtypes of cardiovascular related pediatric diagnoses among offspring of mothers with GDM vs. offspring of mothers with no diabetes. The analysis included all singletons born between the years 1991-2014. Cardiovascular related morbidities included hospitalizations involving a pre-defined set of ICD-9 codes. Mothers with pregestational diabetes, Infants with congenital malformations, multiple gestations, and perinatal deaths were excluded from the analysis. A Cox proportional hazards model was constructed to adjust for confounders. RESULTS: The study population included 216197 newborns which met the inclusion criteria; among them 4.4% (9460) were born to mothers with GDM controlled by diet and exercise (GDM A1) and 0.3% (724) were born to mothers with GDM requiring oral treatment or insulin (GDM A2). A significant association was noted between GDM and the rate of cardiovascular related hospitalizations (0.97 for GDM A2 vs. 0.57 for GDM A1 vs. 0.33 for no GDM, respectively; p < 0.001). The association remained significant and independent for GDM A1 only while adjusting for relevant confounders [adjusted HR = 1.6 (1.2-2.2); p value 0.001]. CONCLUSIONS: A significant association is noted between the GDM and the rate of cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring. However, in our population GDM A1 is an independent risk factor for pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring.
A framework for understanding how midwives perceive and provide care management for pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are common, and each are associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Midwives may be the first point of care when these conditions arise. This study evaluated the experiences of midwives when providing care to women and people with pregnancies complicated by GDM or HDP. METHODS: A mixed methods study was completed in Ontario, Canada, using a sequential, explanatory approach. A total of 144 online surveys were completed by midwives, followed by 20 semi-structured interviews that were audio recorded and transcribed verbatim. Survey data were analysed using descriptive statistics. Thematic analysis was used to generate codes from the interview data, which were mapped to the Theoretical Domains Framework (TDF), to elucidate factors that might influence management. RESULTS: Most of the midwives' clinical behaviours relating to GDM or HDP were in keeping with guidelines and regulatory standards set by existing provincial standards. Six theoretical domains from the TDF appeared to influence midwives'care pathway: "Internal influences" included knowledge, skills and beliefs about capabilities; while "external influences" included social/professional role and identity, environmental context, and social influences. Interprofessional collaboration emerged as a significant factor on both the internal and external levels of influence. CONCLUSIONS: We identified barriers and facilitators that may improve the experiences of midwives and clients when GDM or HDP newly arises in a pregnancy, necessitating further consultation or management by another health care provider.
[Left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Forty newborn infants of mother with GDM (GDM group) and forty normal newborn infants (control group) were enrolled in this study. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging was used to measure interventricular septal thickness, posterior left ventricular wall thickness and left ventricular ejection fraction in both groups. Left ventricular rotation and torsion were evaluated for all participants. RESULTS: Interventricular septal thickness in the GDM group was much higher than in the control group (0.45±0.06 mm vs 0.34±0.05 mm; P<0.05). Posterior left ventricular wall thickness in the GDM group was also higher than in the control group (0.45±0.17 mm vs 0.31±0.02 mm; P<0.05). There was no difference in the left ventricular ejection fraction between the two groups (P>0.05). Peak subendocardial rotation, peak subepicardial rotation, peak bulk rotation and peak mural torsion were higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Cardiac function may be impaired in newborn infants of mothers with GDM, with changes in left ventricular shape and abnormalities of left ventricular rotation and torsion. However, infants have a normal ventricular blood ejection under the cardiac compensation. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging technique can be used for early detection of left ventricular function.
The effects of maternal diabetes on expression of insulin-like growth factor-1 and insulin receptors in male developing rat hippocampus.; Diabetes during pregnancy causes neurodevelopmental and neurocognitive abnormalities in offspring. Insulin and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) are important regulators of developmental and cognitive functions in the central nervous system. We examined the effects of maternal diabetes on insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-1R) and insulin receptor (InsR) expression in the developing rat hippocampus. Female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition and male offspring was killed at P0, P7, and P14. We found a significant bilateral upregulation of both IGF-1R and InsR transcripts in the hippocampus of pups born to diabetic mothers at P0, as compared to controls. However, at the same time point, the results of western blot analysis revealed only a slight change in their protein levels. At P7, there was a marked bilateral reduction in mRNA expression and protein levels of IGF-1R, although not of InsR in the diabetic group. We also found a downregulation in IGF1-R transcripts, especially in left hippocampus of the diabetic group at P14. Moreover, at the same time point, InsR expression was significantly decreased in both hippocampi of diabetic newborns. When compared with controls, we did not find any difference in hippocampal IGF-1R or InsR mRNA and protein levels in the insulin-treated group. The present study revealed that diabetes during pregnancy strongly influences the regulation of both IGF-1R and InsR in the right/left developing hippocampi. Furthermore, the rigid control of maternal glycaemia by insulin administration normalized these effects.
Associations between higher egg consumption during pregnancy with lowered risks of high blood pressure and gestational diabetes mellitus.; Introduction: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. High cholesterol intake may increase the risk of hyperglycemia, yet little research has evaluated the relation between cholesterol or egg as a main source of dietary cholesterol and GDM. We aimed to study this association among pregnant Iranian women. Methods and Participants: Four hundred sixty-two pregnant women participated in this case-control study. Participants' dietary intake, weight, height, and blood pressure were obtained and BMI was calculated. Fasting plasma glucose and liver enzymes were also measured. Logistic regression was used to obtain odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for GDM across tertiles of cholesterol and egg consumption. Results: Among study participants, 115 consumed less than one, 194 consumed one and the remaining participants consumed more than one egg per week (mean cholesterol intake 121.31±61.69 mg/d). Participants within the highest tertile of egg consumption had 41% lower risk of GDM (OR: 0.59; 95% CI: 0.35-0.99) compared with those in the lowest tertile (P=0.01). Higher egg consumption was associated with lower risk of having high blood pressure (P=0.01). The difference in odds of GDM and high blood pressure between the highest and the lowest tertile of cholesterol consumption was not significant, even after controlling for age, energy intake, number of children and socio-economic status. Conclusion: Higher dietary intake of egg during pregnancy was associated with lower odds of GDM. We found no significant association between cholesterol intake and odds of GDM. Further research are needed to confirm these results and determine causality.
Gestational diabetes mellitus induces placental vasculopathies.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant long- and short-term risks to both the developing fetus and the mother. GDM can lead to maternal complications during pregnancy and increase the mother's risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease later. The present study aimed to evaluate the maternal and fetal vasculopathies in the placenta of Saudi women with GDM. This prospective study examined 84 placentas from full-term pregnant women with no complications other than GDM; 40 placentas were collected from healthy women (controls), and 44 were collected from women diagnosed with GDM. The sampling took place in King Saud University Medical City, Riyadh, between January and August 2019. All placentas were histologically examined according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group (2014, 2015). The results showed that the most common placental changes on the maternal side of the placenta in the GDM group were significant syncytial knots (77%), calcification (70%), villous agglutination (57%), decidual vasculopathy (43%), and retroplacental hemorrhage (34%). Placental infarction was the least common placental change in both groups. On the fetal side, vasculopathies included significant villous fibrinoid necrosis (70.5%), chorangiosis (50%), fibromuscular sclerosis (50%), and villous edema (38.6%). Significant villous fibrinoid necrosis, villous edema, and significant fibromuscular sclerosis were more prevalent in the GDM group. The present study concluded that gestational diabetes mellitus induces histopathological phenotypes in the full-term placenta. Increased decidual vasculopathy, syncytial knots, retroplacental hemorrhage, classification, villous agglutination, chorangiosis, villous edema, villous fibroid necrosis, and fibromuscular sclerosis may indicate GDM in the mother. Such findings in the placenta of a woman who has not been diagnosed with GDM increase the need for GDM examination in future pregnancies.
Adverse childhood experiences and lifetime adverse maternal outcomes (gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy) in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos.; PURPOSE: Childhood adversity is associated with increased risk of adult disease, including type II diabetes and hypertension. However, little is known about potential associations between childhood adversity and adverse pregnancy outcomes. The goal of this study was to examine the relationship between adverse childhood experiences (ACEs) and ever experiencing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) in a cohort of Hispanic or Latina women. METHODS: We analyzed data from 2319 women from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos who had ever given birth to a liveborn infant. We fit separate logistic regression models accounting for sample weights to examine the association between ACEs and risk of GDM and HDP adjusting for Hispanic/Latino background, age at immigration to the United States, and education. RESULTS: Women who reported four or more ACEs did not show increased odds of GDM or HDP compared with those who reported three or fewer (GDM adjusted odds ratio: 0.8 [0.5, 1.3]; HDP adjusted OR: 1.0 [0.7, 1.5]). CONCLUSIONS: Unlike previous research with majority non-Hispanic White cohorts, there was no association between ACEs and GDM or HDP. Future research should explore if this relationship varies by race/ethnicity in multiethnic cohorts.
Effectivness of specific mobile health applications (mHealth-apps) in gestational diabtetes mellitus: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) emerges worldwide and is closely associated with short- and long-term health issues in women and their offspring, such as pregnancy and birth complications respectively comorbidities, Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), metabolic syndrome as well as cardiovascular diseases. Against this background, mobile health applications (mHealth-Apps) do open up new possibilities to improve the management of GDM. Therefore, we analyzed the clinical effectiveness of specific mHealth-Apps on clinical health-related short and long-term outcomes in mother and child. METHODS: A systematic literature search in Medline (PubMed), Cochrane Library, Embase, CINAHL and Web of Science Core Collection databases as well as Google Scholar was performed. We selected studies published 2008 to 2020 analyzing women diagnosed with GDM using specific mHealth-Apps. Controlled clinical trials (CCT) and randomized controlled trials (RCT) were included. Study quality was assessed using the Effective Public Health Practice Project (EPHPP) tool. RESULTS: In total, n = 6 publications (n = 5 RCTs, n = 1 CCT; and n = 4 moderate, n = 2 weak quality), analyzing n = 408 GDM patients in the intervention and n = 405 in the control groups, were included. Compared to control groups, fasting blood glucose, 2-h postprandial blood glucose, off target blood glucose measurements, delivery mode (more vaginal deliveries and fewer (emergency) caesarean sections) and patient compliance showed improving trends. CONCLUSION: mHealth-Apps might improve health-related outcomes, particularly glycemic control, in the management of GDM. Further studies need to be done in more detail.
Gestational retinal microvasculature and the risk of 5 year postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Changes in retinal microvasculature may reflect insulin resistance. We examined the association of changes in retinal microvasculature during pregnancy and risk of subsequent abnormal glucose metabolism in a cohort of mothers at baseline and 5 years postpartum. METHODS: Of the participants from the Singapore birth cohort (Growing Up in Singapore Towards Healthy Outcomes [GUSTO]), 276 mothers attended both baseline (at 26-28 weeks of gestation) and follow-up (5 year postpartum) visits. At baseline we performed retinal photography and assessed retinal microvascular variables using a validated grading system. At follow-up, we assessed glucose tolerance using a 75 g OGTT. We defined abnormal glucose metabolism if participants: (1) had onset of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in subsequent pregnancies within a 5 year follow-up period (n = 103) or (2) had prediabetes (impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance or HbA(1c) 5.7-6.4% [39-46 mmol/mol]) and diabetes diagnosed at the 5 year follow-up visit (n = 84), according to WHO guidelines. RESULTS: The incidence of GDM in subsequent pregnancy and abnormal glucose metabolism 5 years postpartum was 25.2% and 30.4%, respectively. Each 10 μm widening in retinal venular calibre was associated with a significant risk of postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism (RR 1.2 [95% CI 1.0, 1.5]), independent of maternal age, college education, ethnicity, pre-pregnancy BMI and GDM at baseline. Narrower retinal arteriolar calibre and venular branching angle at baseline was associated with a higher insulin resistance index (1.4 [95% CI 1.1, 1.7] and 1.3 [95% CI 1.1, 1.6], respectively) at follow-up. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Retinal microvasculature in pregnant women was associated with abnormal glucose metabolism 5 years postpartum. Alteration of microvascular structure during pregnancy may signal subclinical changes that underlie the development of prediabetes and diabetes.
Macrosomia despite good glycaemic control in Type I diabetic pregnancy; results of a nationwide study in The Netherlands.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To investigate the incidence of foetal macrosomia (i.e. birth weight >90th percentile) in a non-selected nationwide cohort of women with Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus in The Netherlands and to identify risk indicators predictive for macrosomia. METHODS: We conducted a prospective nationwide cohort based survey regarding the outcome of Type I diabetic pregnancy in The Netherlands. Data of 289 women who gave birth to a live singleton infant without major congenital malformations at more than or equal to 28 weeks of gestation are shown. RESULTS: The incidence of foetal macrosomia was very high (48.8%), with 26.6% of infants weighing more than 97.7th percentile. Glycaemic control during pregnancy was good (i.e. mean HbA(1c) <or=7.0%), in almost all (84%) women. Multiple logistic regression analysis resulted in a predictive model for macrosomia that incorporated five variables: third trimester HbA(1c) (Odds Ratio [95% Confidence Interval]: (1.6[1.1-2.4]), absence of third trimester severe hypoglycaemia (3.0[1.2-7.3]), the use of insulin lispro (3.1[0.9-10.4]), weight gain during pregnancy (1.1[1.0-1.2]) and non-smoking (2.8[0.9-9.3]). Third trimester HbA(1c) was the most powerful predictor for the occurrence of macrosomia, but its predictive capacity was weak (explained variance <5%). CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Despite apparent good glycaemic control, the incidence of foetal macrosomia in this non-selected prospective nationwide cohort of 289 Type I diabetic women was very high. Third trimester HbA(1c) was the most powerful predictor, but its predictive capacity was weak. Thus, future research should focus on new more detailed glucose monitoring techniques (such as a continuous glucose monitoring system) as well as to alternative factors to reduce macrosomia.
Exercise and pregnancy.; Despite the theoretic risks to both mother and fetus listed in this article, exercise in pregnancy conducted in moderation appears to be safe in most cases. The current published literature includes the following consistent findings: 1. Women who exercised before pregnancy and continued to do so during pregnancy tended to weigh less, gain less weight, and deliver smaller babies than controls. 2. All women, regardless of initial level of physical activity, decrease their activity as pregnancy progresses. 3. No information is available to assess whether active women have better pregnancy outcome than their sedentary counterparts. No information is available on sedentary women. 4. Physically active women appear to tolerate labor pain better. 5. Exercise can be used as an alternative and safe therapeutic approach for gestational diabetes. Pregnancy should not be a state of confinement, and cardiovascular and muscular fitness can be reasonably maintained. Restriction of physical activity should be dictated by obstetric and medical indications only. Health care providers should inform pregnant women of potential risks and individualized exercise prescription as indicated and necessary.
Self-Reported Eating Speed and Incidence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; There is little evidence linking eating speed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence. We therefore aimed to evaluate the prospective association of eating speed with GDM incidence. Overall, 97,454 pregnant women were recruited between January 2011 and March 2014. Singleton pregnant women who did not have GDM, heart disease, stroke, cancer, type 1 diabetes, and/or type 2 diabetes at the time of study enrollment were eligible. Each woman was asked about her eating speed at that time via a questionnaire. Odds ratios of GDM in relation to eating speed were obtained using logistic regression. Among the 84,811 women eligible for analysis, 1902 cases of GDM were identified in medical records. Compared with women who reported slow eating speed, the age-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) of GDM for women who reported medium, relatively fast, or very fast eating speed were 1.03 (0.90, 1.18), 1.07 (0.94, 1.23), and 1.28 (1.05, 1.58), respectively. Adjustment for demographic, lifestyle-related, and dietary factors including dietary fat, dietary fiber, and energy intakes yielded similar results. The association was attenuated and no longer significant after further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index. The mediation analysis showed that being overweight accounted for 64% of the excess risk of GDM associated with eating speed. In conclusion, women who reported very fast eating speed, compared with those reporting slow eating speed, were associated with an increased incidence of GDM, which may be largely mediated by increased body fat.
[Renal venous thrombosis in infants of diabetic mothers (author's transl)].; Six cases of renal venous thrombosis in infants of diabetic mothers, out of a series of 61 infants under two months old affected of R.V.T. (9.8%), are reported. The clinical, metabolic and histopathological features of these cases are discussed, as well as the different etiological theories that exist in the literature. An etiopathogenic hypothesis that maintains a similarity with the theory that explains the origin of R.V.T. in classical cases, is suggested. Prophilactic attitudes in order to prevent R.V.T. by a control of diabetes in the pregnant and close control of the newborn in the 10 first days of life, are pointed out.
Trends in Gestational Diabetes Among Hospital Deliveries in 19 U.S. States, 2000-2010.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes is one of the most common and fastest-growing comorbidities of pregnancy. Temporal trends in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have not been examined at the state level. This study examines GDM prevalence trends overall and by age, state, and region for 19 states, and by race/ethnicity for 12 states. Sub-analysis assesses trends among GDM deliveries by insurance type and comorbid hypertension in pregnancy. METHODS: Using the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's National and State Inpatient Databases, deliveries were identified using diagnosis-related group codes for GDM and comorbidities using ICD-9-CM diagnosis codes among all community hospitals. General linear regression with a log-link and binomial distribution was used in 2014 to assess annual change in GDM prevalence from 2000 through 2010. RESULTS: The age-standardized prevalence of GDM increased from 3.71 in 2000 to 5.77 per 100 deliveries in 2010 (relative increase, 56%). From 2000 through 2010, GDM deliveries increased significantly in all states (p<0.01), with relative increases ranging from 36% to 88%. GDM among deliveries in 12 states reporting race and ethnicity increased among all groups (p<0.01), with the highest relative increase in Hispanics (66%). Among GDM deliveries in 19 states, those with pre-pregnancy hypertension increased significantly from 2.5% to 4.1% (relative increase, 64%). The burden of GDM delivery payment shifted from private insurers (absolute decrease of 13.5 percentage points) to Medicaid/Medicare (13.2-percentage point increase). CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that GDM deliveries are increasing. The highest rates of increase are among Hispanics and among GDM deliveries complicated by pre-pregnancy hypertension.
Thyroid autoimmunity and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A multiple center retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: The relationship between thyroid autoimmunity (TAI) and adverse pregnancy outcomes is disputable, and their dose-dependent association have not been fully clarified. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association and dose-dependent effect of TAI with multiple maternal and fetal-neonatal complications. METHODS: This study is a multi-center retrospective cohort study based on singleton pregnancies of three medical college hospitals from July 2013 to October 2021. The evolution of thyroid function parameters in TAI and not TAI women were described, throughout pregnancy. The prevalences of maternal and fetal-neonatal complications were compared between the TAI and control group. Logistic regression was performed to study the risk effects and dose-dependent effects of thyroid autoantibodies on pregnancy complications, with adjustment of maternal age, BMI, gravidity, TSH concentrations, FT4 concentrations and history of infertility. RESULTS: A total of 27408 participants were included in final analysis, with 5342 (19.49%) in the TAI group and 22066 (80.51%) in control group. TSH concentrations was higher in TAI women in baseline and remain higher before the third trimester. Positive thyroid autoantibodies were independently associated with higher risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR: 1.215, 95%CI: 1.026-1.439), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR: 1.088, 95%CI: 1.001-1.183), and neonatal admission to NICU (OR: 1.084, 95%CI: 1.004-1.171). Quantitative analysis showed that increasing TPOAb concentration was correlated with higher probability of pregnancy-induced hypertension, and increasing TGAb concentration was positively correlated with pregnancy-induced hypertension, small for gestational age and NICU admission. Both TPOAb and TGAb concentration were negatively associated with neonatal birthweight. CONCLUSION: Thyroid autoimmunity is independently associated with pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, neonatal lower birthweight and admission to NICU. Dose-dependent association were found between TPOAb and pregnancy-induced hypertension, and between TGAb and pregnancy-induced hypertension, small for gestational age and NICU admission.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with and without diabetic microvascular disease (White's classes B to FR) versus non-diabetic controls.; The objective of this paper is to evaluate the impact of contemporary management on the maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies complicated by diabetes in women with microvascular disease versus women without microvascular disease. The study population consisted of two hundred and eighty-eight (288) pregnant women with pregestational diabetes and one hundred and fifty (150) healthy pregnant controls. Diabetic women were grouped according to the presence (n = 103) or absence of diabetic microvascular disease (n = 185). Data were collected regarding diabetes management, level of glycemic control, and the development of antenatal complications. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared among the three groups. Women in the diabetes groups were stratified according to mean blood glucose levels and glycosylated hemoglobin during each trimester. There was no significant difference found between the two diabetes groups in terms of preterm labor, polyhydramnios, pyelonephritis, and growth restriction. The only maternal complications that occurred with increased incidence among women with microvascular disease were acute hypertensive complications (51.6 vs. 32.9%; p<0.05). However, when the diabetes groups were compared to healthy controls, a significant difference was seen in all maternal and neonatal complications. Preterm delivery, polyhydramnios, and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants were associated with poor third-trimester metabolic control as compared with others in satisfactory metabolic controls: 30.8 vs. 11.4% for preterm delivery; 17.3 vs. 5.1% for polyhydramnios; 51.9 vs. 33.9% for LGA; p<0.05. Congenital malformations were associated with poor first-trimester glucose control (5.8 vs. 1.3% anomalies in well-controlled women). Furthermore, major congenital malformations were also significantly increased in the offspring of women with diabetic microvascular disease 6.8%, as compared to 1.69% in diabetic women without microvascular disease; p<0.01. The incidence of hypertensive complications did not differ between the two diabetic groups. Pregestational diabetic women with and without microvascular disease can be counseled to anticipate comparably favorable pregnancy outcomes, although maternal and neonatal complications may exceed that experienced by pregnant women without diabetes mellitus.
Elevated mean platelet volume is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus.; The mean platelet volume (MPV) is an indicator of the average size and activity of platelets. Elevated MPV values are associated with larger and more active platelets and perceived as a new independent cardiovascular risk factor. The aim of this study was to determine the MPV in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to determine the correlation of MPV with metabolic parameters in GDM. We retrospectively analyzed 30 women with GDM and 38 body mass index-matched women with healthy pregnancies as controls. MPV and platelet counts were recorded in the third trimester and at postpartum 6-12 months for GDM group and in the third trimester for control group. Third-trimester MPV was significantly higher in GDM group compared to control group (8.8 ± 1.0 versus 8.1 ± 0.7 fl, p = 0.002). In women with GDM, there was a significant decrease in MPV in the postpartum period (8.8 ± 1.0 versus 8.1 ± 0.8 fl, p < 0.001). Fasting plasma glucose levels and glucose area under the curve were positively correlated with third trimester MPV (r = 0.346, p = 0.007 and r = 0.346, p = 0.02, respectively). Our results indicate that MPV is increased in GDM. Monitoring MPV, which is widely available in clinical practice, may potentially identify women who will develop gestational diabetes during pregnancy.
Adipokines and metabolic syndrome risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and CVD. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between levels of cytokines, components of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk markers in women with previous gestational diabetes. METHODS: Women (n = 41) with gestational diabetes background (cases) and 21 healthy women (controls) in the postpartum period were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data, lipid and carbohydrate metabolism and uric acid and adipokine levels (TNF-α, IL-6, leptin and adiponectin) were compared and their relationships analysed. Metabolic syndrome prevalence was calculated by WHO and NCEP-ATPIII definitions. RESULTS: There were significant differences between cases and controls: body mass index (kg/m(2) ) 27.4 ± 5.6 vs 23.9 ± 3.6 (p = 0.013), waist circumference (cm) 85.2 ± 12.9 vs 77.5 ± 9.0 (p = 0.017), metabolic syndrome (WHO definition) 14.6% vs 0% (p = 0.012), metabolic syndrome (NCEP-ATPIII definition) 22% vs 0% (p = 0.002), low HDL 36.6% vs 9.5% (p = 0.024), fasting glucose (mmol/L) 5.4 ± 0.6 vs 4.9 ± 0.2 (p < 0.001), glucose 120' oral glucose tolerance test (mmol/L) 5.8 ± 1.7vs 4.7 ± 0.8 (p = 0.007), fasting insulin (μU/mL) 13.4 ± 8.1 vs 8.4 ± 4.3 (p = 0.004), HOMA index 3.3 ± 2.3 vs 1.8 ± 1.0 (p = 0.002), HbA(1c) (%) 5.4 ± 0.2 vs 5.2 ± 0.2 (p = 0.021), uric acid (mg/dL) 4.1 ± 1 vs 3.5 ± 0.6 (p = 0.009), leptin (ng/mL) 32 025.5 ± 19 917.3 vs 20 258.9 ± 16 359.9 (p = 0.023), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous gestational diabetes have central adiposity, atherogenic lipid profile, carbohydrate intolerance and adverse adipokine profile, all of which are risk factors for the future development of metabolic disease and CVD.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy outcome.; BACKGROUND: Obesity, a common condition in developed countries, is recognized as a threat to health. OBJECTIVES: To describe the distribution of weight in pregnant women and evaluate the influence of obesity on pregnancy outcome in a high parity northern Israeli population. METHODS: The study included 887 women who gave birth in the Western Galilee Medical Center during the period August to November 1995. The patients were classified as underweight, normal weight, overweight, or obese according to body mass index. Maternal demographic, obstetric, and perinatal variables were compared. A control group of 167 normal weight women were matched with the obese group for maternal age, parity, and gestational age. RESULTS: Obese mothers had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension compared to normal weight mothers (5.4% vs. 1.8%, and 7.2% vs. 0.6% respectively, P < 0.01), a higher rate of labor induction (20.4% vs. 10.2%, P < 0.01), and a higher cesarean section rate (19.6% vs. 10.8%, P < 0.05). There was also a significant difference in the prevalence of macrosomia in the offspring (16.8% vs. 8.4%, P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Obese pregnant women are at high risk for complications during delivery and therefore need careful pre-conception and prenatal counseling, as well as perinatal management.
Regulation of basal metabolic rate in uncomplicated pregnancy and in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Basal metabolic rate (BMR) is one of the major components of total energy expenditure (TEE). It is affected by various factors, such as body weight, body composition, age, race/ethnicity, gender, biochemical parameters, physical activity, and health status. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy and it increases the risk for health complications, such as stillbirth, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease in later life. Both BMR and GDM have been linked with gestational weight gain (GWG), a fact suggesting a possible association between them. However, assessing BMR is a complex procedure, which becomes more complicated when additional parameters, such as pregnancy and GDM, are taken into consideration. The present review summarizes the current knowledge on factors affecting BMR and its regulation in relation to pregnancy and GDM. Future research addressing these associations should thoroughly consider other factors that affect BMI when designing such studies and/or discussing the BMR outcome results.
Is there an association between maternal anxiety propensity and pregnancy outcomes?; BACKGROUND: Several studies have shown inconsistent associations between anxiety during pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcome. This inconsistency may be due to lack of controlling for the timing and type of maternal anxiety. We aimed to isolate a specific type of anxiety - maternal anxiety propensity, which is not directly related to pregnancy, and evaluate its association with adverse pregnancy outcome. METHODS: We conducted a prospective observational study of 512 pregnant women, followed to delivery. The trait anxiety scale of the State-Trait Anxiety Inventories was used in order to detect a propensity towards anxiety. The association between anxiety propensity (defined as trait-anxiety subscale score above 38) and adverse pregnancy outcome was evaluated. Primary outcome was a composite outcome including preterm birth prior to 37 gestational weeks, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, small for gestational age newborn and gestational diabetes mellitus. Secondary outcomes were each one of the above mentioned gestational complications. RESULTS: There were no significant between-group differences in adverse pregnancy outcomes, including the rate of preterm birth, hypertensive disorders, small for gestational age, gestational diabetes or a composite outcome of them all. CONCLUSION: Anxiety propensity is not associated with adverse pregnancy outcome.
Intensive gestational glycemic management and childhood obesity: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Hyperglycemia in pregnancy is associated with increased risk of offspring childhood obesity. Treatment reduces macrosomia; however, it is unclear if this effect translates into a reduced risk of childhood obesity. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy and safety of intensive glycemic management in pregnancy in preventing childhood obesity. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL and ClinicalTrials.gov up to February 2016 and conference abstracts from 2010 to 2015. Two reviewers independently identified randomized controlled trials evaluating intensive glycemic management interventions for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and included four of the 383 citations initially identified. Two reviewers independently extracted study data and evaluated internal validity of the studies using the Cochrane Collaboration's Risk of Bias tool. Data were pooled using random-effects models. Statistical heterogeneity was quantified using the I(2) test. The primary outcome was age- and sex-adjusted childhood obesity. Secondary outcomes included childhood weight and waist circumference and maternal hypoglycemia during the trial (safety outcome). RESULTS: The four eligible trials (n=767 children) similarly used lifestyle and insulin to manage gestational hyperglycemia, but only two measured offspring obesity and waist circumference and could be pooled for these outcomes. We found no association between intensive gestational glucose management and childhood obesity at 7-10 years of age (relative risk 0.89, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.65 to 1.22; two trials; n=568 children). Waist circumference also did not differ between treatment and control arms (mean difference, -2.68 cm; 95% CI, -8.17 to 2.81 cm; two trials; n=568 children). CONCLUSIONS: Intensive gestational glycemic management is not associated with reduced childhood obesity in offspring, but randomized data is scarce. Long-term follow-up of trials should be prioritized and comprehensive measures of childhood metabolic risk should be considered as outcomes in future trials.
Impact of exercise during pregnancy on gestational weight gain and birth weight: an overview.; OBJECTIVE: This article presents the state of knowledge related to the impact of exercise on gestational weight gain and birth weight. TRANSCENDENCE OF BABY WEIGHT: Birth weight is an important indicator of intrauterine environment and maternal and newborn health. There are several factors that can affect birth weight including mother's pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI), gestational weight gain, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), chronic diabetes and gestational age at birth. IMPACT OF EXERCISE DURING PREGNANCY: Physical exercise has the potential to prevent excessive gestational weight gain, GDM and the potential complications associated with obesity during pregnancy. Therefore, women who regularly exercise during pregnancy are more likely to have an appropriate gestational weight gain and in turn, an appropriate birth weight infant, preventing being LGA without increasing risk of SGA, and this reduces risk factors for later life chronic disease development in the child including cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. RECOMMENDATIONS: It would be advisable to promote compliance with physical activity and exercise recommendations during pregnancy by using the specific resources to prescribe exercise to pregnant women without obstetric contraindications.
Identification and validation of the miRNA-mRNA regulatory network in fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of fetal heart malformations, though little is known about the mechanism of hyperglycemia-induced heart malformations. Thus, we aimed to reveal the global landscape of miRNAs and mRNAs in GDM-exposed fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (dAECs) and establish regulatory networks for exploring the pathophysiological mechanism of fetal heart malformations in maternal hyperglycemia. Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) datasets were used, and identification of differentially expressed miRNAs (DEMs) and genes (DEGs) in GDM was based on a previous sequencing analysis of dAECs. A miRNA-mRNA network containing 20 DEMs and 65 DEGs was established using DEMs altered in opposite directions to DEGs. In an in vivo study, we established a streptozotocin-induced pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) mouse model and found the fetal cardiac wall thickness in different regions to be dramatically increased in the PGDM grouValidation of DEMs and DEGs in the fetal heart showed significantly upregulated expression of let-7e-5p, miR-139-5p and miR-195-5p and downregulated expression of SGOL1, RRM2, RGS5, CDK1 and CENPA. In summary, we reveal the miRNA-mRNA regulatory network related to fetal cardiac development disorders in offspring, which may shed light on the potential molecular mechanisms of fetal cardiac development disorders during maternal hyperglycemia.
Visual evoked potentials in infants of diabetic mothers: relations to clinical and metabolic status during pregnancy and delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate Visual Evoked Potentials (VEPs) and psychomotor development of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) in relation to clinical and metabolic data during pregnancy and delivery. METHODS: VEPs and psychomotor development (Brunet-Lézine) were analysed in 40 two-month-old IDMs (21 males, 19 females), 24 from mothers with type-1 diabetes, 13 gestational diabetes, and 3 type-2 diabetes. Normative VEP data were obtained from 63 age matched controls. RESULTS: VEP latencies were significantly longer in IDMs than in controls (O1 wave IV=197.9+/-35.5 vs 155.3+/-30.3; P<0.001; O2 wave IV=200.2+/-33.8 vs 155.6+/-29.0; P<0.001). The mean developmental quotient was normal. In IDMs with type-1 diabetes delayed VEPs were related to increased weight during pregnancy (r 0.516; P 0.009), 1st trimester fasting blood glucose (r 0.458; P 0.037), insulin requirement during the 2nd (r 0.441; P 0.035) and 3rd trimester (r 0.422; P 0.039); in IDMs with gestational diabetes, VEP latency showed negative relation to Apgar scores (r -0.748; P 0.008). CONCLUSIONS: IDMs have delayed VEPs, which may possibly be related to poor metabolic control in pre-gestational diabetes, and to delivery complications in gestational diabetes. SIGNIFICANCE: IDMs show subtle neurophysiologic changes detectable by VEPs.
Risks of preeclampsia and adverse neonatal outcomes among women with pregestational diabetes mellitus. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Network of Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units.; OBJECTIVES: This study was undertaken to determine the frequencies of preeclampsia and adverse neonatal outcomes among women with pregestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective observation of pregnancy outcomes among 462 women with pregestational diabetes mellitus (White classes B-F) and singleton pregnancies who were enrolled in a multicenter trial to compare low-dose aspirin with placebo for preeclampsia prevention. The main outcome measures were preeclampsia and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: Among 462 women with pregestational diabetes, 92 (20%) had preeclampsia. Preeclampsia frequency rose significantly with increasing severity of diabetes according to White classification (class B, 11%; class C, 22%; class D, 21%; class R plus class F, 36%; P <.0001). Preeclampsia was also more common among women who had proteinuria at baseline (28% vs 18%; odds ratio, 1.75; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-3.01). Frequency of preterm delivery at <35 weeks' gestation rose greatly with increasing severity of diabetes (P =.0002). Women with proteinuria at baseline were significantly more likely to be delivered at <35 weeks' gestation (29% vs 13%; odds ratio, 2.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-4.6) and to have small-for-gestational-age infants (14% vs 3%; odds ratio, 5. 4; 95% confidence interval, 2.7-17.7), and they were less likely to have large-for-gestational-age infants (14% vs 40%; odds ratio, 0.2; 95% confidence interval, 0.1-0.5). CONCLUSION: Among women with pregestational diabetes mellitus, the frequency of preeclampsia rose with increasing severity of diabetes. Proteinuria early in pregnancy was associated with marked increases in adverse neonatal outcomes independent of preeclampsia development.
Association between prenatal perfluorinated compounds exposure and risk of pregnancy complications: A meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) have been shown to be persistent and bioaccumulative. An elevated danger of pregnancy complications perhaps connected with exposure to PFASs, but the potential effects remain elusive. The objective of this study is to investigate the possible association between PFASs exposure and pregnancy complications, drawing upon existing evidence. METHODS: Electronic databases of PubMed, Qvid Medline, Embase, and Web of Science were searched thoroughly to identify eligible research published prior to November 28, 2023, examining the relationship between PFASs and pregnancy-related complications. To evaluate the quality of observational studies incorporated into the article, the Strengthening Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) tool was utilized. The main outcomes assessed in this study included gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational hypertension (GH), and preeclampsia (PE). RESULTS: Twenty-five relevant studies involving 30079 participants were finally selected from four databases. The combined estimates indicate that prenatal exposure to perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA), perfluorohexane sulfonic acid (PFHxS), perfluorobutane sulfonic acid (PFBS), and perfluoroenanthic acid (PFHpA) is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (PFOA: OR = 1.45, 95%CI: 1.07-1.94, P = 0.015; PFHxS: OR = 1.16, 95%CI: 1.00-1.36, P = 0.055; PFBS: OR = 1.44, 95%CI: 1.16-1.79, P = 0.001; PFHpA: OR = 1.41, 95%CI: 1.10-1.82, P = 0.008). The exposure to PFBS is positively associated with HDP (OR = 1.27, 95%CI: 1.14-1.41, P < 0.001), while both PFOA and PFHpA demonstrate statistically significant positive correlations with GH (PFOA: OR = 1.09, 95%CI: 1.00-1.19, P = 0.049; PFHpA: OR = 1.43, 95%CI: 1.15-1.78, P = 0.001). Negative correlations were observed for prenatal perfluorododecanoic acid (PFDoA) exposure and GH (OR = 0.71, 95%CI: 0.57-0.87, P = 0.001). However, no compelling evidence was identified to link PFASs exposure with the risk of PE. CONCLUSION: According to the meta-analysis findings, exposure to PFASs may be linked to GDM, HDP, and GH, but it does not significantly raise the risk of PE alone. Further research with larger sample size is required to verify this potential association and explore the biological mechanisms.
Gestational diabetes triggers postpartum cardiac hypertrophy via activation of calcineurin/NFAT signaling.; Population-based studies identified an association between a prior pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiac hypertrophy and dysfunction later in life. It is however unclear whether GDM initiates this phenotype and what are the underlying mechanisms. We addressed these questions by using female rats that express human amylin (HIP rats) as a GDM model and their wild-type (WT) littermates as the normal pregnancy model. Pregnant and two months postpartum HIP females had increased left-ventricular mass and wall thickness compared to non-pregnant HIP females, which indicates the presence of concentric hypertrophy. These parameters were unchanged in WT females during both pregnancy and postpartum periods. Hypertrophic Ca(2+)-dependent calcineurin/NFAT signaling was stimulated two months after giving birth in HIP females but not in the WT. In contrast, the CaMKII/HDAC hypertrophy pathway was active immediately after giving birth and returned to the baseline by two months postpartum in both WT and HIP females. Myocytes from two months postpartum HIP females exhibited slower Ca(2+) transient relaxation and higher diastolic Ca(2+) levels, which may explain calcineurin activation. No such effects occurred in the WT. These results suggest that a GDM-complicated pregnancy accelerates the development of pathological cardiac remodeling likely through activation of calcineurin/NFAT signaling.
Endometrial preparation methods for frozen-thawed embryo transfer are associated with altered risks of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, placenta accreta, and gestational diabetes mellitus.; STUDY QUESTION: What were the risks with regard to the pregnancy outcomes of patients who conceived by frozen-thawed embryo transfer (FET) during a hormone replacement cycle (HRC-FET)? SUMMARY ANSWER: The patients who conceived by HRC-FET had increased risks of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and placenta accreta and a reduced risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to those who conceived by FET during a natural ovulatory cycle (NC-FET). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Previous studies have shown that pregnancy and live-birth rates after HRC-FET and NC-FET are comparable. Little has been clarified regarding the association between endometrium preparation and other pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A retrospective cohort study of patients who conceived after HRC-FET and those who conceived after NC-FET was performed based on the Japanese assisted reproductive technology registry in 2014. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: The pregnancy outcomes were compared between NC-FET (n = 29 760) and HRC-FET (n = 75 474) cycles. Multiple logistic regression analyses were performed to investigate the potential confounding factors. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The pregnancy rate (32.1% vs 36.1%) and the live birth rate among pregnancies (67.1% vs 71.9%) in HRC-FET cycles were significantly lower than those in NC-FET cycles. A multiple logistic regression analysis showed that pregnancies after HRC-FET had increased odds of HDPs [adjusted odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.14-1.80] and placenta accreta (adjusted odds ratio, 6.91; 95% CI, 2.87-16.66) and decreased odds for GDM (adjusted odds ratio, 0.52; 95% CI, 0.40-0.68) in comparison to pregnancies after NC-FET. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Our study was retrospective in nature, and some cases were excluded due to missing data. The implication of bias and residual confounding factors such as body mass index, alcohol consumption, and smoking habits should be considered in other observational studies. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Pregnancies following HRC-FET are associated with higher risks of HDPs and placenta accreta and a lower risk of GDM. The association between the endometrium preparation method and obstetrical complication merits further attention. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): No funding was obtained for this work. The authors declare no conflicts of interest in association with the present study. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Not applicable.
First-trimester uterine artery Doppler examination in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus with or without pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVES: To assess first-trimester placental perfusion, reflected in the uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility index (PI), in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with or without pre-eclampsia (PE), compared with those unaffected by GDM. METHODS: UtA-PI was measured at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks' gestation in 1037 singleton pregnancies that subsequently developed GDM and in 56 649 normoglycemic controls. The measured mean UtA-PI was converted to multiples of the expected normal median (MoM), corrected for maternal weight, racial origin and gestational age, and the median MoM values in the two groups were compared. RESULTS: The incidence of PE was higher in pregnancies with GDM than in controls (4.0% vs 2.3%, respectively; P =  0.001). However, there were no significant differences in the median UtA-PI MoM between the groups (1.00 (interquartile range (IQR), 0.82-1.21) vs 1.00 (IQR, 0.81-1.21); P = 0.73). The median UtA-PI in patients who developed PE was higher than in those who did not develop PE, regardless of the development of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: First-trimester placental perfusion, as assessed by UtA Doppler examination, is not impaired in women who subsequently develop GDM. The increased prevalence of PE in women with GDM cannot be attributed to impaired placentation.
Accuracy of circulating adiponectin for predicting gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Universal screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has not been implemented, and this has had substantial clinical implications. Biomarker-directed targeted screening might be feasible. We sought to determine the accuracy of circulating adiponectin for early prediction of GDM. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature to May 2015 identified studies in which circulating adiponectin was measured prior to a diagnosis of GDM. Data on diagnostic accuracy were synthesised by bivariate mixed effects and hierarchical summary receiver operating characteristic (HSROC) models. RESULTS: Thirteen studies met the eligibility criteria, 11 of which (2,865 women; 794 diagnosed with GDM) had extractable data. Circulating adiponectin had a pooled diagnostic odds ratio (DOR) of 6.4 (95% CI 4.1, 9.9), a summary sensitivity of 64.7% (95% CI 51.0%, 76.4%) and a specificity of 77.8% (95% CI 66.4%, 86.1%) for predicting future GDM. The AUC of the HSROC was 0.78 (95% CI 0.74, 0.81). First trimester adiponectin had a pooled sensitivity of 60.3% (95% CI 46.0%, 73.1%), a specificity of 81.3% (95% CI 71.6%, 88.3%) and a DOR of 6.6 (95% CI 3.6, 12.1). The AUC was 0.79 (95% CI 0.75, 0.82). Pooled estimates were similar after adjustment for age, BMI or specific GDM diagnostic threshold. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Pre-pregnancy and early pregnancy measurement of circulating adiponectin may improve the detection of women at high risk of developing GDM. Prospective evaluation of the combination of adiponectin and maternal characteristics for early identification of those who do and do not require OGTT is warranted.
Oxidative stress during diabetic pregnancy disrupts cardiac neural crest migration and causes outflow tract defects.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes increases risk for congenital malformations, particularly cardiac outflow tract defects. Maternal diabetes inhibits expression of Pax3 in neuroepithelium through hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress. The neuroepithelium gives rise to the neural crest, and Pax3 expression in cardiac neural crest (CNC) is required for CNC migration to the heart and for outflow tract septation. Here we tested whether maternal diabetes, through hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress, before the onset of CNC delamination, impairs CNC migration and cardiac outflow tract septation. METHODS: CNC migration was mapped in mouse embryos whose mothers were diabetic, or transiently hyperglycemic, or in which oxidative stress was transiently induced, using reporters linked to Pax3 expression. CNC apoptosis was examined by TUNEL assay. Outflow tract septation was examined histologically and by gross inspection. RESULTS: Few, if any, migrating CNC cells were observed in embryos of diabetic mice, and this was associated with increased apoptosis along the path of CNC migration. Outflow tract defects were significantly increased in fetuses of diabetic mice. Notably, induction of hyperglycemia or oxidative stress on the day prior to the onset of Pax3 expression and CNC migration also impaired CNC migration, increased apoptosis, and caused outflow tract defects. However, antioxidants administered on the day prior to the onset of Pax3 expression and CNC migration prevented these effects of hyperglycemia or oxidative stress. CONCLUSIONS: In diabetic pregnancy, oxidative stress, which inhibits expression of genes required for CNC viability, causes subsequent CNC depletion by apoptosis during migration, which leads to outflow tract defects.
Umbilical artery resistance index in diabetic pregnancies: the associations with fetal outcome and neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.; AIM: To determine the incidence of an abnormal umbilical artery resistance index (UARI) in diabetic pregnancies and the relation to fetal outcome and the development of neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. METHODS: A case-control study with subjects comprising 50 randomly selected diabetic mothers and a matched control group of 50 non-diabetic pregnancies. Doppler studies of the UARI were carried out at least once per week, beginning from 36 weeks' gestation for both groups. Within 48 h post delivery, echocardiograms were carried out on the newborn infants to identify those with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, particularly asymmetrical septal hypertrophy. RESULTS: The numbers of patients with abnormal UARI were similar in both the diabetic and control groups. A higher proportion of operative deliveries for intrapartum fetal distress was seen in patients with an abnormal UARI in the diabetic group. However, the groups did not differ in the numbers of infants who were small for gestational age, who had low Apgar scores or umbilical artery acidosis, and who required admission to the special care nursery. Six infants of diabetic mothers (12%) had septal hypertrophy, but none of these were associated with abnormal antenatal UARI. CONCLUSION: Diabetic pregnancy is not associated with a significantly higher incidence of abnormal UARI on Doppler study than non-diabetic pregnancy. UARI is not a useful single indicator by which to predict subsequent fetal outcome or the development of neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in diabetic pregnancies.
Diabetes Mellitus in Peru.; BACKGROUND: Peru is an upper medium-income developing country with an increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, including diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To review and describe the epidemiology, drivers, and diabetes care plan in Peru. METHODS: The medical literature was reviewed based on systematic searching of PubMed, Scielo, and various gray literature from the International Diabetes Federation, World Health Organization, and local Peruvian agencies. FINDINGS: In Peru, diabetes affects 7% of the population. Type 2 diabetes accounts for 96.8% of outpatients visits with this condition. Type 1 diabetes has an incidence of 0.4/100,000 per year, and gestational diabetes affects 16% of pregnancies. The prevalence of glucose intolerance is 8.11% and that of impaired fasting glucose 22.4%. The prevalence of overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in adults is 34.7%, 17.5%, and 25%, respectively. Metabolic syndrome prevalence is greater in women and the elderly and at urban and low-altitude locations. Diabetes is the eighth cause of death, the sixth cause of blindness, and the leading cause of end-stage kidney disease and nontraumatic lower limb amputation. In Peru, diabetes accounts for 31.5% of acute myocardial infarctions and 25% of strokes. Infections, diabetic emergencies, and cardiovascular disorders are the main causes for admissions, with a mortality rate < 10%, mainly as a result of infections, chronic kidney disease, and stroke. Sixty-two percent of the population has health insurance coverage, with inequities in the distribution of health care personnel across the country. Less than 30% of treated patients have a hemoglobin A1c < 7%. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes is a major health care issue in Peru that exposes difficult challenges and shortcomings. The national strategy for tackling diabetes includes promotion of healthy lifestyles; training primary care physicians and providing them with evidence-based clinical practice guidelines, safe and effective medications, and tools for monitoring treatment; and, finally, construction of a comprehensive health care network for early referral in order to prevent, detect, and treat diabetic complications.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: a population-based study of women with pregestational diabetes.; The aim of this observational study was to evaluate screening and progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy in women with pregestational diabetes attending five antenatal centres along the Irish Atlantic seaboard. An adequate frequency of screening was defined as at least two retinal evaluations in separate trimesters. Progression was defined as at least one stage of deterioration of diabetic retinopathy and/or development of diabetic macular edema on at least one eye. Women with pregestational diabetes who delivered after 22 gestational weeks (n = 307) were included. In total, 185 (60.3%) had an adequate number of retinal examinations. Attendance at prepregnancy care was associated with receiving adequate screening (odds ratio 6.23; CI 3.39-11.46 (P < 0.001)). Among those who received adequate evaluations (n = 185), 48 (25.9%) had retinopathy progression. Increasing booking systolic blood pressure (OR 1.03, CI 1.01-1.06, P = 0.02) and greater drop in HbA1c between first and third trimesters of pregnancy (OR 2.05, CI 1.09-3.87, P = 0.03) significantly increased the odds of progression. A significant proportion of women continue to demonstrate retinopathy progression during pregnancy. This study highlights the role of prepregnancy care and the importance of close monitoring during pregnancy and identifies those patients at the highest risk for retinopathy progression.
Improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: study protocol for MySweetHeart Trial, a randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries prenatal and perinatal risk for the mother and her offspring as well as longer-term risks for both the mother (obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease) and her child (obesity, type 2 diabetes). Compared with women without GDM, women with GDM are twice as likely to develop perinatal or postpartum depression. Lifestyle interventions for GDM are generally limited to physical activity and/or nutrition, often focus separately on the mother or the child and take place either during or after pregnancy, while their results are inconsistent. To increase efficacy of intervention, the multifactorial origins of GDM and the tight link between mental and metabolic as well as maternal and child health need to be heeded. This calls for an interdisciplinary transgenerational approach starting in, but continuing beyond pregnancy. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This randomised controlled trial will assess the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention aimed at improving the metabolic and mental health of 200 women with GDM and their offspring. Women with GDM at 24-32 weeks gestational age who understand French or English, and their offspring and partners can participate. The intervention components will be delivered on top of usual care during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. Metabolic and mental health outcomes will be measured at 24-32 weeks of pregnancy, shortly after birth and at 6-8 weeks and 1 year after childbirth. Data will be analysed using intention-to-treat analyses. The MySweetHeart Trial is linked to the MySweetHeart Cohort (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974). ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: We will disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02890693; Pre-results.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension on human umbilical vein smooth muscle K(ATP) channels.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) can jeopardize mother and/or fetus. Vascular ATP-sensitive potassium (K(ATP)) channels most likely participate in the processes of diabetes and hypertension. The aim of this research was to examine whether GDM and PIH cause changes in the expression and function of K(ATP) channels in vascular smooth muscle of human umbilical vein (HUV). Western blot and immunohistochemistry detected significantly decreased expression of Kir6.1 subunit of K(ATP) channels in GDM and PIH, while the expression of SUR2B was unchanged. In GDM, a K(+) channel opener, pinacidil caused reduced relaxation of the endothelium-denuded HUVs compared to normal pregnancy. However, its effects in HUVs from PIH subjects were similar to normal pregnancy. In all groups K(ATP) channel blocker glibenclamide antagonized the relaxation of HUV induced by pinacidil without change in the maximal relaxations indicating additional K(ATP) channel-independent mechanisms of pinacidil action. Iberiotoxin, a selective antagonist of large-conductance calcium-activated potassium channels, inhibited the relaxant effect of pinacidil in PIH, but not in normal pregnancy and GDM. Experiments performed in K(+)-rich solution confirmed the existence of K(+)-independent effects of pinacidil, which also appear to be impaired in GDM and PIH. Thus, the expression of K(ATP) channels is decreased in GDM and PIH. In GDM, vasorelaxant response of HUV to pinacidil is reduced, while in PIH it remains unchanged. It is very likely that K(ATP) channels modulation and more detailed insight in K(ATP) channel-independent actions of pinacidil may be precious in the therapy of pathological pregnancies.
The effects of polycystic ovary syndrome on gestational diabetes mellitus.; The aim of this study was to explore the inter-relationship between polycystic ovary syndrome and gestational diabetes mellitus, and demonstrate maternal and fetal outcomes. This was a case-control study in 1360 pregnant women who received a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus between 24 and 28 weeks of gestational age. Among all diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus, 150 pregnant women had received a polycystic ovary syndrome, and 160 women who did not have polycystic ovary syndrome were designated as controls. The incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension was 26.3% and 12% in the case and control groups, respectively. Preeclampsia was seen at an incidence of 12% and 6% in case and in control groups, respectively. The difference in neonatal hypoglycemia between the two groups was statistically significant, with an incidence of 17% and 5% in the case and in control groups, respectively. This study demonstrated that the presence of polycystic ovary syndrome along with gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of pregnancy induced hypertension by 2.4 fold, preeclampsia by 2 fold and neonatal hypoglycemia by 3.2 fold, compared to gestational diabetes mellitus alone.
Aortic intima-media thickness and lipid profile in macrosomic newborns.; Macrosomia is associated with alterations in lipoprotein composition and concentration at birth. Exposure to diabetes in utero has been established as a significant risk factor for some of the components of metabolic syndrome. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of macrosomia on lipid metabolism, aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT) and subsequent atherogenic risk in newborn infants. Aortic intima-media thickness was measured in 40 macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers (group A), 30 macrosomic neonates of healthy mothers (group B) and 30 healthy neonates (group C). Lipid profile was determined in all infants and their mothers. Mean aIMT was significantly higher in macrosomic neonates of diabetic and healthy mothers (0.56+/-0.06 and 0.49+/-0.03 mm respectively) than in controls (0.39+/-0.03 mm). Weight-adjusted aIMT in macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers (0.129+/-0.013 mm/kg) was significantly higher than in groups B and C (0.114+/-0.008 and 0.113+/-0.011 mm/kg respectively). There were significant alterations of total serum, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterols and triglyceride levels in the macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers compared with controls. Macrosomia was associated with increased lipid concentrations. Macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers have significantly higher aIMT with lipid alterations. This may play a role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis in adult life.
[Hypoxia, lipid peroxidation, and defence antioxidant system in children born to mothers with extragenital pathology].; A study was made on the condition of lipid peroxidation and of the antioxident system of defence in 20 infants born to healthy mothers (control group), 12 babies born to mothers with diabetes mellitus, 15 infants born to mothers with neurocirculatory asthenia and 12 infants born to mothers with congenital heart diseases. In infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular pathology, the system of regulation was found to have gotten out of balance, the compensatory-and-adaptive reactions upset. Accumulation of peroxidic products and depletion of the antioxidant system of defence tended to be more readily seen in those babies born to mothers with diabetes mellitus. The results secured attest to the need for employment of drugs endowed with antioxidant activity.
Increased large arterial stiffness and impaired acetylcholine induced skin vasodilatation in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of developing noninsulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) later in life. By the time that a diagnosis of NIDDM is established, functional disturbances in the vascular system may be observed. This study was planned to assess macro- and microvascular function in nonpregnant women without signs of diabetes two to four years after a pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Vascular research laboratory in the obstetric unit of a university hospital. PARTICIPANTS: Seventeen nonpregnant, healthy women with a history of gestational diabetes and 20 nonpregnant control women of similar age without previous diabetes. METHODS: For quantification of the mechanical properties in large arterial vessels the wall movements of the abdominal aorta and left common carotid artery were recorded with an ultrasonic tracking system. Microvascular perfusion in the skin of the hand and foot was recorded by a laser Doppler technique to assess the vasodilatory response induced by transcutaneous acetylcholine. RESULTS: Women in the gestational diabetes group showed evidence of increased wall stiffness in the common carotid artery and a lower maximum incremental velocity of the pulsatile vessel diameter change in both aorta and carotid artery compared with controls. Acetylcholine induced vasodilatation in both hand and foot was lower in women with previous gestational diabetes compared with controls. CONCLUSION: Abnormal vascular function was found in asymptomatic women with a history of gestational diabetes. It is speculated that these abnormalities might be early evidence of vascular complications associated with subsequent NIDDM.
Pre-gestational diabetes: Maternal body mass index and gestational weight gain are associated with augmented umbilical venous flow, fetal liver perfusion, and thus birthweight.; OBJECTIVES: To assess how maternal body mass index and gestational weight gain are related to on fetal venous liver flow and birthweight in pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: In a longitudinal observational study, 49 women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus were included for monthly assessments (gestational weeks 24-36). According to the Institute Of Medicine criteria, body mass index was categorized to underweight, normal, overweight, and obese, while gestational weight gain was classified as insufficient, appropriate or excessive. Fetal size, portal flow, umbilical venous flow and distribution to the fetal liver or ductus venosus were determined using ultrasound techniques. The impact of fetal venous liver perfusion on birthweight and how body mass index and gestational weight gain modified this effect, was compared with a reference population (n = 160). RESULTS: The positive association between umbilical flow to liver and birthweight was more pronounced in pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus than in the reference population. Overweight and excessive gestational weight gain were associated with higher birthweights in women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, but not in the reference population. Fetuses of overweight women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus had higher umbilical (p = 0.02) and total venous liver flows (p = 0.02), and a lower portal flow fraction (p = 0.04) than in the reference population. In pre-gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies with excessive gestational weight gain, the umbilical flow to liver was higher than in those with appropriate weight gain (p = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: The results support the hypothesis that umbilical flow to the fetal liver is a key determinant for fetal growth and birthweight modifiable by maternal factors. Maternal pre-gestational diabetes mellitus seems to augment this influence as shown with body mass index and gestational weight gain.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy outcomes in Asian women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the pregnancy outcomes in Asian women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The retrospective cohort study was performed to compare pregnancy outcomes of 47 pregnancies in 41 PCOS women with 264 pregnancies in 222 women with normal menstruation. Logistic regression was used to assess the risk of PCOS on GDM, hypertensive disorder in pregnancy (HDP) and premature delivery. The mean age of both groups was 31 years. The mean body mass index (BMI) and proportion of BMI of > 25 kg/m2 were significantly higher in the PCOS than in the control group. There was no difference in the prevalence of GDM between the PCOS women and the high-risk group of the controls. The prevalence of HDP and premature delivery was significantly greater in PCOS women (21.3 and 13.3%) than in the controls (6.4 and 5.4%), respectively. PCOS was demonstrated as a risk factor for GDM and HDP with borderline statistical significance, but not for premature birth. The Cesarean section rate was higher in the PCOS than in the control group. In conclusion, the prevalence of GDM in Asian women with PCOS is high and comparable to those of a high-risk group.
Outcome of pregnancies complicated by type 1 insulin-dependent diabetes in Sweden: acute pregnancy complications, neonatal mortality and morbidity.; This prospective nationwide study conducted during 1982-1985 examined the rates of hypertensive disorders, perinatal mortality and morbidity in 491 insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies (White's classes: B, 164; C, 129; D, 172; F, 26) and in the total population of 279,000. The rates of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or pre-eclampsia (20.6%), premature delivery (24.6%), and cesarean section (45.2%) in the diabetic group were more than four times higher than normal. PIH or preeclampsia occurred significantly (p < 0.01) more frequently in patients with diabetic microangiopathy. Mean birthweight was similar in the two populations but gestational age was significantly (p < 0.001) shorter (38 weeks) in the diabetic group. The rate of large for gestational age infants (20%) in the diabetic group was considerably above normal (3.5%). Although perinatal mortality rate in the diabetic group was only 3.1%, it was 4.4 times higher than normal; five of ten fetal deaths were associated with poor glycemic control and thus may not really be unexplained. Neonatal morbidity was significantly more frequent in the diabetic group; still, the incidence of idiopathic respiratory distress syndrome was only 1.6% compared with 0.6% in the general population. Discriminant analysis revealed that gestational age at birth and elevated maternal HbA1c values in early pregnancy independently of each other had a significant impact on the occurrence of neonatal morbidity.
The impact of insulin treatment on the expression of vascular endothelial cadherin and Beta-catenin in human fetoplacental vessels.; Vascular endothelial cadherin and β-catenin play a key role in establishment and maintenance of the endothelial monolayer integrity, regulation of vascular barrier function, and initiation of angiogenesis. The cadherin-catenin complex has been shown to be reduced in type 1 diabetic placenta, but the exact relationship between histopathologic findings and clinical data is not known. Immunohistochemistry of placental tissue from type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes showed that diabetes per se might be compatible with normal levels of vascular endothelial (VE)-cadherin and β-catenin in fetoplacental vessels as long as the patient has not been treated with insulin. Immunoreactivity of VE-cadherin did correlate poorly with maternal glycemic control, as was investigated in this study, by birth weight, body mass index, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). There was no correlation found between the immunoreactivity of β-catenin and birth weight, body mass index, or HbA1c. However our data did show a strong correlation between immunoreactivity and whether or not the patient had been treated with insulin. Patients diagnosed with gestational diabetes who had not been treated with insulin had similar levels of VE-cadherin and β-catenin to the control group, thus indicating that diabetes per se must not necessarily lead to a reduction. Our study suggests that therapeutic intervention using insulin in pregnancies complicated by diabetes might have potentially harmful effects on placental morphology. Future studies should further investigate these findings.
Adiposity, Dysmetabolic Traits, and Earlier Onset of Female Puberty in Adolescent Offspring of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Clinical Study Within the Danish National Birth Cohort.; OBJECTIVE: Offspring of pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. However, the extent to which these dysmetabolic traits may be due to offspring and/or maternal adiposity is unknown. We examined body composition and associated cardiometabolic traits in 561 9- to 16-year-old offspring of mothers with GDM and 597 control offspring. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We measured anthropometric characteristics; puberty status; blood pressure; and fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipid levels; and conducted a DEXA scan in a subset of the cohort. Differences in the outcomes between offspring of mothers with GDM and control subjects were examined using linear and logistic regression models. RESULTS: After adjustment for age and sex, offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher weight, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), systolic blood pressure, and resting heart rate and lower height. Offspring of mothers with GDM had higher total and abdominal fat percentages and lower muscle mass percentages, but these differences disappeared after correction for offspring BMI. The offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher fasting plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-insulin resistance (IR), and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas fasting plasma HDL cholesterol levels were decreased. Female offspring of mothers with GDM had an earlier onset of puberty than control offspring. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly higher BMI, WHR, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR levels after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, and glucose and HOMA-IR remained elevated in the offspring of mothers with GDM after correction for both maternal and offspring BMIs. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, adolescent offspring of women with GDM show increased adiposity, an adverse cardiometabolic profile, and earlier onset of puberty among girls. Increased fasting glucose and HOMA-IR levels among the offspring of mothers with GDM may be explained by the programming effects of hyperglycemia in pregnancy.
Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Diagnosed Early in Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Whether treatment of gestational diabetes before 20 weeks' gestation improves maternal and infant health is unclear. METHODS: We randomly assigned, in a 1:1 ratio, women between 4 weeks' and 19 weeks 6 days' gestation who had a risk factor for hyperglycemia and a diagnosis of gestational diabetes (World Health Organization 2013 criteria) to receive immediate treatment for gestational diabetes or deferred or no treatment, depending on the results of a repeat oral glucose-tolerance test [OGTT] at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation (control). The trial included three primary outcomes: a composite of adverse neonatal outcomes (birth at <37 weeks' gestation, birth trauma, birth weight of ≥4500 g, respiratory distress, phototherapy, stillbirth or neonatal death, or shoulder dystocia), pregnancy-related hypertension (preeclampsia, eclampsia, or gestational hypertension), and neonatal lean body mass. RESULTS: A total of 802 women underwent randomization; 406 were assigned to the immediate-treatment group and 396 to the control group; follow-up data were available for 793 women (98.9%). An initial OGTT was performed at a mean (±SD) gestation of 15.6±2.5 weeks. An adverse neonatal outcome event occurred in 94 of 378 women (24.9%) in the immediate-treatment group and in 113 of 370 women (30.5%) in the control group (adjusted risk difference, -5.6 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], -10.1 to -1.2). Pregnancy-related hypertension occurred in 40 of 378 women (10.6%) in the immediate-treatment group and in 37 of 372 women (9.9%) in the control group (adjusted risk difference, 0.7 percentage points; 95% CI, -1.6 to 2.9). The mean neonatal lean body mass was 2.86 kg in the immediate-treatment group and 2.91 kg in the control group (adjusted mean difference, -0.04 kg; 95% CI, -0.09 to 0.02). No between-group differences were observed with respect to serious adverse events associated with screening and treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Immediate treatment of gestational diabetes before 20 weeks' gestation led to a modestly lower incidence of a composite of adverse neonatal outcomes than no immediate treatment; no material differences were observed for pregnancy-related hypertension or neonatal lean body mass. (Funded by the National Health and Medical Research Council and others; TOBOGM Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number, ACTRN12616000924459.).
Earlier Age of Onset of Chronic Hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; A prospective cohort study was conducted to assess the impact of a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risk and age of onset of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, independent of hypertension and T2D. Between 1993 and 1997, 22 265 ever-pregnant women were included from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-NL study, aged 20 to 70 years at baseline. Details on complications of pregnancy and known hypertension were obtained by questionnaire. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment. Participants were followed for the occurrence of CVD events. Data were analyzed using ANCOVA, multivariable logistic regression, and Cox proportional hazard (with HDP and GDM as time-dependent variables for T2D and CVD) models. At enrollment, women with a HDP reported diagnosis of hypertension 7.7 years earlier (95% confidence interval [CI] 6.9-8.5) and women with GDM reported diagnosis of T2D 7.7 years earlier (95% CI 5.8-9.6) than women without pregnancy complications. After adjustment for potential confounders, HDP was associated with presence of hypertension at enrollment (odds ratio 2.12, 95% CI 1.98-2.28) and onset of CVD later in life (hazard ratio 1.21, 95% CI 1.10-1.32). After including the intermediates hypertension and T2D in the model, the risk of CVD later in life decreased (hazard ratio 1.09, 95% CI 1.00-1.20). GDM was associated with an increased risk of developing T2D later in life (hazard ratio 3.68, 95% CI 2.77-4.90), but not with risk of CVD. HDP and GDM have a substantial impact on the risk of CVD and are potentially important indicators for preventive cardiovascular risk management.
Continued Disparities in Postpartum Follow-Up and Screening Among Women With Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review.; The postpartum period represents a critical window to initiate targeted interventions to improve cardiometabolic health following pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus and/or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. The purpose of this systematic review was to examine studies published since 2011 that report rates of postpartum follow-up and risk screening for women who had gestational diabetes and/or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and to identify disparities in care. Nine observational studies in which postpartum follow-up visits and/or screening rates were measured among US women following pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and/or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy were reviewed. Rates of postpartum follow-up ranged from 5.7% to 95.4% with disparities linked to black race and Hispanic ethnicity, low level of education, and coexisting morbidities such as mental health disorders. Follow-up rates were increased if the provider was an obstetrician/endocrinologist versus primary care. Payer source was not associated with follow-up rates. The screening rate for diabetes in women who had gestational diabetes did not exceed 58% by 4 months across the studies analyzed, suggesting little improvement in the last 10 years. While women who had a hypertensive disorder appear to have had a postpartum blood pressure measured, it is unclear whether follow-up intervention occurred. Overall, postpartum screening rates for at-risk women remain suboptimal and vary substantially. Further research is warranted including reliable population-level data to inform equitable progress to meeting the evidence-informed guidelines.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis.; AIMS: To examine the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and high maternal weight and the risk of development of chronic disease. METHODS: Women with singleton deliveries between April 1999 and March 2010 in Alberta, Canada, were categorized according to pre-pregnancy weight (overweight ≥ 91 kg) and GDM status. Obstetric and neonatal outcomes, as well as the long-term incidence of maternal diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease were examined. RESULTS: Of 240 083 women, 213 765 (89%) had no GDM and were not overweight (reference group), 17 587 (7.3%) were overweight only, 7332 (3%) had GDM only and 1399 (0.6%) had GDM and were overweight. Significant differences in Caesarean section rates, induction rates and birthweight were observed across the four groups. During a median follow-up of 5.3 years, diabetes incidence was 36% in the GDM and overweight, 18.8% in the GDM only, 4.8% in the overweight only and 1.1% in the reference group. With respect to hypertension and cardiovascular disease, the GDM and overweight group had the highest rates (26.8% and 3.1%, respectively) and the reference group had the lowest rates (5.8% and 1.0%, respectively). However, rates were similar in the GDM only (14.9% and 1.9%, respectively) and overweight only groups (14.9% and 1.5%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Not surprisingly, the presence of both high maternal weight and GDM compounds the risk of developing diabetes. However, the association between overweight alone and GDM alone and hypertension and cardiovascular disease appears similar suggesting a need for effective interventions to manage both these conditions to improve the health of these patients.
In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors in youth: A longitudinal analysis in the EPOCH cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To examine associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring cardiovascular biomarkers from late childhood through adolescence. METHODS: We used mixed effects linear regression models to examine associations of maternal GDM (n = 92 cases of 597) with average offspring levels of serum lipids (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein [HDL], low-density lipoprotein [LDL], and triglycerides) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) across two research visits spanning approximately 10.6 and 16.9 years of age. In sex-stratified analysis, we evaluated the impact of adjustment for sociodemographic characteristics, pubertal status, physical activity and total energy intake, maternal body mass index (BMI), GDM treatment, and child's BMI. RESULTS: After adjusting for child's age, pubertal status, race/ethnicity, and maternal education and smoking, GDM exposure was associated with higher total (0.38 [95% CI, 0.16-0.61] mmol/L) and LDL cholesterol (0.34 [95% CI, 0.14-0.53] mmol/L) in girls. These estimates were robust to adjustment for lifestyle characteristics and maternal BMI but were attenuated after accounting for GDM treatment with no appreciable change following further adjustment for current BMI. In boys, maternal GDM corresponded with 4.50 (1.90-7.10) mmHg higher SBP. This association persisted after accounting for sociodemographic/lifestyle characteristics, maternal BMI, and GDM treatment but was attenuated after adjusting for current BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal GDM is related to offspring lipid profile and SBP in a sex-specific manner.
The genetic risk of gestational diabetes in South Asian women.; South Asian women are at increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Few studies have investigated the genetic contributions to GDM risk. We investigated the association of a type 2 diabetes (T2D) polygenic risk score (PRS), on its own, and with GDM risk factors, on GDM-related traits using data from two birth cohorts in which South Asian women were enrolled during pregnancy. 837 and 4372 pregnant South Asian women from the SouTh Asian BiRth CohorT (START) and Born in Bradford (BiB) cohort studies underwent a 75-g glucose tolerance test. PRSs were derived using genome-wide association study results from an independent multi-ethnic study (~18% South Asians). Associations with fasting plasma glucose (FPG); 2 hr post-load glucose (2hG); area under the curve glucose; and GDM were tested using linear and logistic regressions. The population attributable fraction (PAF) of the PRS was calculated. Every 1 SD increase in the PRS was associated with a 0.085 mmol/L increase in FPG ([95% confidence interval, CI=0.07-0.10], p=2.85×10(-20)); 0.21 mmol/L increase in 2hG ([95% CI=0.16-0.26], p=5.49×10(-16)); and a 45% increase in the risk of GDM ([95% CI=32-60%], p=2.27×10(-14)), independent of parental history of diabetes and other GDM risk factors. PRS tertile 3 accounted for 12.5% of the population's GDM alone, and 21.7% when combined with family history. A few weak PRS and GDM risk factors interactions modulating FPG and GDM were observed. Taken together, these results show that a T2D PRS and family history of diabetes are strongly and independently associated with multiple GDM-related traits in women of South Asian descent, an effect that could be modulated by other environmental factors.
Visual Evoked Potential to Assess Retinopathy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated for early retinopathy using the visual evoked potential (VEP) in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. METHODS: All patients with GDM and type 2 diabetes seen between June and October of 2014 were included in this cross-sectional, observational study. Patients with secondary diabetes, ocular or major illness were excluded from the study. VEP was recorded in both eyes to derive prominent positive peak latency (P100), amplitude and initial negative deflection (N75) latency. The data were compared with 10 gestational age-matched controls with normal glucose tolerance. Appropriate statistical methods were used for comparison among the 3 groups. RESULTS: The study participants (40 with GDM, 10 with type 2 diabetes, 10 with normal glucose tolerance) had a median (25th to 75th interquartile range) age of 26 (24.3, 30) years, a gestational age of 24.5 (21, 27) weeks and weights of 66.8 (63.4, 71.5) kg. The P100 latencies were comparable among the 3 groups (p=0.0577). However, patients with any diabetes (GDM and type 2 diabetes) had prolonged P100 latencies (p=0.0139) and low P100 amplitudes (p=0.0391) in comparison to controls. P100 latency showed a direct correlation with hyperglycemia (p=0.0118). CONCLUSIONS: Our data showed that VEP abnormalities are detectable even in the short-term hyperglycemia of GDM and type 2 diabetes.
Clinical Value of Echo-Tracking in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Vascular endothelial function plays an essential role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pathogenesis. Vascular elasticity is evaluated by the echo-tracking (ET) technique. In this study, we aimed to assess the clinical value of the ET technique in women with GDM and provide a basis for early evaluation and prevention of gestational diabetes. METHODS: Sixty-five patients with GDM and 65 gestational week-matched normal glucose tolerance pregnant women were enrolled in this study. The endothelial function parameters of pressure-strain elasticity coefficient (EP), the common carotid stiffness index (β), arterial compliance (AC), single-point pulsed-wave velocity (PWVβ), and augment index (AI) of bilateral common carotid arteries, were compared between the GDM and control groups by using ET technique. The correlations between plasma glucose levels and ET parameters were also analyzed. RESULTS: Our results indicated that EP, β, PWVβ, and AI were significantly higher in the GDM group (p<0.05), whereas AC was significantly lower in patients with GDM than in the control group (p<0.001). In addition, fasting plasma glucose and plasma glucose level after 2 h oral glucose tolerance test was correlated with ET parameters of EP, β, PWVβ, AI, and AC. CONCLUSIONS: The application of ET technology to gestational diabetes women could provide a basis for early evaluation and prevention of gestational diabetes. It would detect early and accurate signs of diabetes in pregnant women and provide a timely and reasonable clinical treatment plan to reduce and delay the occurrence of complications.
Iron supplementation and gestational diabetes in midpregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Iron supplementation in pregnancy seems beneficial for neonatal/maternal outcomes, but it was associated with diabetes and hypertension in the general population. STUDY DESIGN: We investigated the association between iron supplementation during midpregnancy and metabolic/hypertensive abnormalities in 500 consecutive gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 500 normoglycemic women. RESULTS: Iron-supplement users (n = 212/1000) showed significantly higher values of prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), actual BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting glucose, Homeostasis-Model-Assessment-Insulin-Resistance, and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol than nonusers. The prevalence of GDM (70.8% vs 44.4%), hypertension (25.9% vs 9.8%), metabolic syndrome (25.9% vs 10.4%) was significantly higher in the former with a 2- to 3-fold-increased risk at multiple regression analyses. Most glucose values of the oral glucose tolerance test were significantly higher in iron supplemented women, both in GDM and normoglycemic individuals. CONCLUSION: Iron supplementation is associated with glucose impairment and hypertension in midpregnancy; its potential harmful effects might be carefully debated regarding its effectiveness.
Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Among Pregnant Individuals With Gestational Diabetes by Race and Ethnicity in the United States, 2014-2020.; IMPORTANCE: Gestational diabetes, which increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, has been increasing in frequency across all racial and ethnic subgroups in the US. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether the frequency of adverse pregnancy outcomes among those in the US with gestational diabetes changed over time and whether the risk of these outcomes differed by maternal race and ethnicity. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Exploratory serial, cross-sectional, descriptive study using US National Center for Health Statistics natality data for 1 560 822 individuals with gestational diabetes aged 15 to 44 years with singleton nonanomalous live births from 2014 to 2020 in the US. EXPOSURES: Year of delivery and race and ethnicity, as reported on the birth certificate, stratified as non-Hispanic American Indian, non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander, non-Hispanic Black, Hispanic/Latina, and non-Hispanic White (reference group). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Maternal outcomes of interest included cesarean delivery, primary cesarean delivery, preeclampsia or gestational hypertension, intensive care unit (ICU) admission, and transfusion; neonatal outcomes included large for gestational age (LGA), macrosomia (>4000 g at birth), small for gestational age (SGA), preterm birth, and neonatal ICU (NICU) admission, as measured by the frequency (per 1000 live births) with estimation of mean annual percentage change (APC), disparity ratios, and adjusted risk ratios. RESULTS: Of 1 560 822 included pregnant individuals with gestational diabetes (mean [SD] age, 31 [5.5] years), 1% were American Indian, 13% were Asian/Pacific Islander, 12% were Black, 27% were Hispanic/Latina, and 48% were White. From 2014 to 2020, there was a statistically significant increase in the overall frequency (mean APC per year) of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (4.2% [95% CI, 3.3% to 5.2%]), transfusion (8.0% [95% CI, 3.8% to 12.4%]), preterm birth at less than 37 weeks (0.9% [95% CI, 0.3% to 1.5%]), and NICU admission (1.0% [95% CI, 0.3% to 1.7%]). There was a significant decrease in cesarean delivery (-1.4% [95% CI, -1.7% to -1.1%]), primary cesarean delivery (-1.2% [95% CI, -1.5% to -0.9%]), LGA (-2.3% [95% CI, -2.8% to -1.8%]), and macrosomia (-4.7% [95% CI, -5.3% to -4.0%]). There was no significant change in maternal ICU admission and SGA. In comparison with White individuals, Black individuals were at significantly increased risk of all assessed outcomes, except LGA and macrosomia; American Indian individuals were at significantly increased risk of all assessed outcomes except cesarean delivery and SGA; and Hispanic/Latina and Asian/Pacific Islander individuals were at significantly increased risk of maternal ICU admission, preterm birth, NICU admission, and SGA. Differences in adverse outcomes by race and ethnicity persisted through these years. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: From 2014 through 2020, the frequency of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes in the US increased among pregnant individuals with gestational diabetes. Differences in adverse outcomes by race and ethnicity persisted.
Maternal diet quality and associations with plasma lipid profiles and pregnancy-related cardiometabolic health.; PURPOSE: To assess the relationship of early pregnancy maternal diet quality (DQ) with maternal plasma lipids and indicators of cardiometabolic health, including blood pressure (BP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational weight gain (GWG). METHODS: Women (n = 215) aged 18-40 years with singleton pregnancies were recruited at 10-20 weeks gestation. Diet quality was assessed by the Dietary Guideline Index, calculated at early ([mean ± SD]) (15 ± 3 weeks) and late (35 ± 2 weeks) pregnancy. Lipidomic analysis was performed, and 698 species across 37 lipid classes were measured from plasma blood samples collected at early (15 ± 3 weeks) and mid (27 ± 3 weeks)-pregnancy. Clinical measures (BP, GDM diagnosis, weight) and blood samples were collected across pregnancy. Multiple linear and logistic regression models assessed associations of early pregnancy DQ with plasma lipids at early and mid-pregnancy, BP at three antenatal visits, GDM diagnosis and total GWG. RESULTS: Maternal DQ scores ([mean ± SD]) decreased significantly from early (70.7 ± 11.4) to late pregnancy (66.5 ± 12.6) (p < 0.0005). At a false discovery rate of 0.2, early pregnancy DQ was significantly associated with 13 plasma lipids at mid-pregnancy, including negative associations with six triglycerides (TGs); TG(54:0)[NL-18:0] (neutral loss), TG(50:1)[NL-14:0], TG(48:0)[NL-18:0], TG(52:1)[NL-18:0], TG(54:1)[NL-18:1], TG(50:0)[NL-18:0]. No statistically significant associations were found between early pregnancy DQ and BP, GDM or GWG. CONCLUSION: Maternal diet did not adhere to Australian Dietary Guidelines. Diet quality was inversely associated with multiple plasma TGs. This study provides novel insights into the relationship between DQ, lipid biomarkers and cardiometabolic health during pregnancy.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes.; AIMS: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are common in women with Type 1 diabetes and can be associated with adverse fetal outcomes, but little is known about hypertension in pregnancy in women with Type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to compare the incidence and outcomes of, and risk factors for, hypertension in pregnancy in women with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: One hundred consecutive singleton pregnancies in women with Type 2 and 100 in women with Type 1 diabetes were studied. Hypertension in pregnancy was classified according to Australasian Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy guidelines. Outcomes of pregnancy examined included birth weight, rates of caesarean section, premature delivery and special care unit admission, and perinatal mortality. RESULTS: The overall incidence of hypertension in pregnancy was similar in Type 2 and Type 1 diabetes (41% vs. 45%), but the distribution of subtypes differed (P = 0.028). Women with Type 2 diabetes had more chronic hypertension (diagnosed at < 20 weeks gestation), but less preeclampsia than women with Type 1 diabetes. Hypertension in pregnancy was strongly associated with a number of adverse outcomes, but the impact of hypertension was significantly less for Type 2 diabetes than it was for Type 1 (premature delivery, P < 0.005; admission to Special Care Unit, P < 0.01; caesarean section, P = 0.05). This was, in part, because the frequency of adverse outcomes was greater in women with preeclampsia. Nulliparity, poor glycaemic control at presentation, and early pregnancy blood pressure and not smoking were risk factors for hypertension of similar magnitude in both types of diabetes. Significant effects of duration of diabetes and obesity were not seen in Type 2 subjects, but were in Type 1 (P < 0.01, P < 0.05, respectively). Early pregnancy albumin excretion rate was increased more frequently in Type 2 subjects than in Type 1 (P < 0.035), but was less strongly associated with the development of preeclampsia (P < 0.035). CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of hypertension in pregnancy is similar in Type 2 and Type 1 diabetes, but the different population characteristics are reflected in a significantly different pattern of types of hypertension. Hypertension has less impact on adverse outcomes in Type 2 diabetes. Some risk factors for hypertension also differ between Type 2 and Type 1 diabetes.
Indicated vs. routine prenatal urine chemical reagent strip testing.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if urinary tract infection, high blood pressure and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are underdiagnosed when prenatal urine testing is done on a clinically indicated vs. routine basis. STUDY DESIGN: Prenatal and delivery records of 2,981 subjects were reviewed in a predominantly Hispanic and medically underserved population. Patients prior to August 2002 received routine urine screening. After August 2002, women were tested only if preestablished criteria were present. RESULTS: The number of patients diagnosed with high blood pressure and urinary tract infection was equivalent in the 2 groups. Despite unchanged screening for GDM between groups, the incidence of GDM declined from 9.3% to 4.2%. CONCLUSION: GDM, high blood pressure and urinary tract infection will not be underdiagnosed if prenatal urine testing is done on an indicated basis. It is safe to discontinue routine urine screening when a regimen of initial urine cultures, GDM screening at 24-28 weeks, indicated urine chemical reagent strip testing and routine blood pressure determination is used. Criteria for indicated urine testing should be clearly defined and consistently followed by all staff.
Update on sleep and its disorders.; Inadequate sleep and sleep disorders have important adverse consequences on multiple systems. This review covers three areas: (a) Genetic determinants of sleep disorders. Common gene variants with small effects have been identified for both restless legs syndrome and narcolepsy with cataplexy. Rare variants with large effects have been found in familial phase advance syndrome and in subjects with short sleep durations. (b) Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). OSA is an oxidative stress disorder. Prospective cohort studies show an increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with untreated severe OSA. (c) The impact of sleep disorders on obesity and diabetes. Inadequate sleep results in changes in insulin resistance and in hormone levels leading to increases in appetite. Hence, inadequate sleep is associated with development of obesity. OSA is also an independent risk factor for insulin resistance; treatment of OSA can improve insulin sensitivity.
Fetal cerebral hemodynamic in gestational diabetic versus normal pregnancies: a Doppler velocimetry of middle cerebral and umbilical arteries.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications in pregnancies. Evaluating other conditions, including intra uterine growth restriction and pre-eclampsia, some studies have shown significant changes in blood flow velocity of fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA). Our study is one of the few that has aimed to assess the effects of GDM on Doppler parameters of the fetal MCA and umbilical artery (UA) and to compare with normal pregnancies. This cross-sectional study was performed on 66 pregnant women, including 33 women with GDM and the others without it, in Akbar-Abadi University Hospital in Tehran, Iran during 2010-2011. Peak systolic and diastolic velocities, pulsatility index (PI), resistance index (RI) and systolic diastolic ratio (SD) were recorded in UA as well as both right and left fetal MCAs for every recruited pregnant women by means of Doppler ultrasonography. The mean gestational age at the time of examination was 34.45 (SD = 2.62) weeks in GDM group. Although all of the measured Doppler parameters had higher values in GDM pregnancies, the differences were not significant between two groups of study; except for the left fetal MCA-PI, which was significantly higher in GDM group [2.07 (SD = 0.07) vs. 1.85 (SD = 0.74), P = 0.03]. Our results show that gestational diabetes may contribute to an elevated PI in the fetal MCA. Although there is not yet strong proof for the effect of GDM on the fetal brain hemodynamics, the significant higher MCA-PI warrants more attention towards better controlling of the hyperglycemia during pregnancy.
Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) post-natal intervention: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Post-GDM women have a life-time risk exceeding 70% of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Lifestyle modifications reduce the incidence of T2DM by up to 58% for high-risk individuals. METHODS/DESIGN: The Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) is a randomized controlled trial aiming to assess the effectiveness of a structured diabetes prevention intervention for post-GDM women. This trial has an intervention group participating in a diabetes prevention program (DPP), and a control group receiving usual care from their general practitioners during the same time period. The 12-month intervention comprises an individual session followed by five group sessions at two-week intervals, and two follow-up telephone calls. A total of 574 women will be recruited, with 287 in each arm. The women will undergo blood tests, anthropometric measurements, and self-reported health status, diet, physical activity, quality of life, depression, risk perception and healthcare service usage, at baseline and 12 months. At completion, primary outcome (changes in diabetes risk) and secondary outcome (changes in psychosocial and quality of life measurements and in cardiovascular disease risk factors) will be assessed in both groups. DISCUSSION: This study aims to show whether MAGDA-DPP leads to a reduction in diabetes risk for post-GDM women. The characteristics that predict intervention completion and improvement in clinical and behavioral measures will be useful for further development of DPPs for this population. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN 12610000338066.
Associations of Maternal Glycemia in the First Half of Pregnancy With Alterations in Cardiac Structure and Function in Childhood.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus has been associated with offspring cardiac congenital malformations, ventricular hypertrophy, and diastolic dysfunction in large observational cohort studies and experimental animal models. We assessed the associations of maternal random glucose concentrations across the full range with childhood cardiac ventricular structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a population-based prospective cohort among 1,959 women and their offspring, maternal random glucose concentrations were measured at a median 13.1 weeks' gestation (95% range 10.5-16.8 weeks). We obtained offspring cardiac outcomes, relative to body size, through cardiac MRI at 10 years. RESULTS: The mean maternal random glucose concentration was 4.4 mmol/L (SD 0.8). The highest quintile of maternal glucose concentrations, compared with the lowest quintile, was associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass (-0.19 SD score [SDS]; 95% CI -0.31, -0.07) and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (-0.17 SDS; 95% -0.28, -0.05). Also, higher maternal glucose concentrations across the full range per 1 mmol/L increase were associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (P values ≤0.05). Adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, gestational age, and weight at birth or childhood BMI and blood pressure did not influence the effect estimates. Maternal glucose concentrations were not significantly associated with childhood right ventricular end-diastolic volume or left and right ventricular ejection fraction. CONCLUSIONS: Higher maternal random glucose concentrations in the first half of pregnancy are associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume, with the strongest associations for childhood left ventricular mass. These associations were not explained by maternal, birth, or childhood characteristics. Further studies are needed to replicate these findings using repeated maternal glucose measurements throughout pregnancy and offspring cardiac outcomes throughout childhood and adulthood.
Congenital heart disease and extracardiac anomalies: associations and indications for fetal echocardiography.; Fetal echocardiography is a well-established technique for the prenatal identification of congenital heart disease. One of the indications for its use is the presence of extracardiac anomalies, as such coexistent defects may have important implications for obstetric and neonatal management. We have reviewed the obstetric and pediatric literature to examine reported associations. If a fetus is suspected to have hydrocephalus, microcephaly, holoprosencephaly, agenesis of the corpus callosum, Meckel-Gruber syndrome, esophageal atresia, duodenal atresia, diaphragmatic hernia, omphalocele, or renal dysplasia, cardiac evaluation should be pursued. Furthermore, echocardiography may be of help in differential diagnosis of some anomalies (for instance, skeletal dysplasias). Maternal diabetes and phenylketonuria, as well as exposure to phenytoin, trimethadione, or isotretinoin, may result in multiple systemic defects, including congenital heart disease.
Pregnancy outcome and placental pathology differences in term gestational diabetes with and without hypertensive disorders.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcome and placental pathology in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM A1 and A2), with and without hypertensive disorders. METHODS: Pregnancy outcome and placental pathology from term deliveries of women complicated with GDM with (GDM + H) and without (GDM - H) hypertensive disorders were compared. Results of the GDM + H group were compared also with the non-diabetic patients but with hypertensive disorders (non-GDM + H). Composite neonatal outcome was defined as one or more of early complications: respiratory distress or need of ventilation support, sepsis, phototherapy, transfusion, seizure, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. Placental lesions were categorized to lesions related to maternal and fetal vascular supply abnormalities, and maternal and fetal inflammatory responses. RESULTS: Of the 192 women with GDM, the GDM + H group (n = 41) were more obese, p < 0.001, with higher rate of placental maternal and fetal vascular supply lesions, p = 0.008, p = 0.03, respectively, but similar neonatal outcome, compared to the GDM - H (n = 151) group. Compared to the non-GDM + H group (n = 41), the GDM + H group had higher birth weights, similar neonatal outcome and similar rate of placental vascular lesions. CONCLUSIONS: Higher rate of placental maternal and fetal vascular supply lesions express underlying placental pathology in women with diabetes and hypertensive disorders, similar to women without DM and with hypertensive complications.
Prenatal origin of obesity and their complications: Gestational diabetes, maternal overweight and the paradoxical effects of fetal growth restriction and macrosomia.; Pregestational (PGDM) and gestational (GDM) diabetes may be associated with a variety of fetal effects including increased rate of spontaneous abortions, intrauterine fetal death, congenital anomalies, neurodevelopmental problems and increased risk of perinatal complications. Additional problems of concern are fetal growth disturbances causing increased or decreased birth weight. Optimal control of maternal blood glucose is known to reduce these changes. Among the long lasting effects of these phenomena are a high rate of overweight and obesity at childhood and a high tendency to develop the "metabolic syndrome" characterized by hypertension, cardio-vascular complications and type 2 diabetes. Similarly, maternal overweight and obesity during pregnancy or excessive weight gain are also associated with increased obesity and complications in the offspring. Although there are different causes for fetal growth restriction (FGR) or for fetal excessive growth (macrosomis), paradoxically both are associated with the "metabolic syndrome" and its long term consequences. The exact mechanism(s) underlying these long term effects on growth are not fully elucidated, but they involve insulin resistance, fetal hyperleptinemia, hypothalamic changes and most probably epigenetic changes. Preventive measures to avoid the metabolic syndrome and its complications seem to be a tight dietary control and physical activity in the children born to obese or diabetic mothers or who had antenatal growth disturbances for other known or unknown reasons.
Preconception Care of the Obese Woman.; One third of obese women report obtaining preconception care. Only one third of those women state that weight issues were discussed at their visit. Obese women should be educated about the risks of pregnancy so they can make informed choices as to whether and when to conceive. Women should be encouraged to mitigate risk by losing weight and exercising before conception and understand complications of pregnancy within specific pregravid body mass index strata. This manuscript describes the risks and provides guidance on topics to include in the preconception visit of an obese woman.
Growth and function of human fetal heart in normal, hypertensive and diabetic pregnancy.; Fetal cardiac left and right ventricular dimensions and contractility were measured by echocardiography in late pregnancy in 51 normal, 26 hypertensive and 18 diabetic pregnancies. In relationship with the fetal size, both of the ventricular dimensions, the contractility and left ventricular output were decreased in diabetic cases. In hypertensive pregnancy the relative size of the right ventricle was increased and its contractility decreased, but the function of the left ventricle was no different from normal. These findings may reflect biochemical changes in diabetic myocardium and increased peripheral fetal and placental resistance in hypertensive pregnancy.
Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in the first trimester and subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Although there is substantial evidence that non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is associated with impaired glucose homeostasis, the clinical significance of NAFLD in pregnant women has not been well determined. This study investigates the relationship between NAFLD in the first trimester and the subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A multicentre, prospective cohort study was conducted in which singleton pregnant Korean women were assessed for NAFLD at 10-14 weeks using liver ultrasound, fatty liver index (FLI) and hepatic steatosis index (HSI). Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P concentrations were measured. Participants were screened for GDM using the two-step approach at 24-28 weeks. RESULTS: Six hundred and eight women were included in the final analysis. The prevalence of NAFLD was 18.4% (112/608) and 5.9% (36/608) developed GDM. Participants who developed GDM had a higher prevalence of radiological steatosis (55.6% vs 16.1%; p < 0.001) and higher FLI (40.0 vs 10.7; p < 0.001) and HSI (35.5 vs 29.0; p < 0.001). The risk of developing GDM was significantly increased in participants with NAFLD and was positively correlated with the severity of steatosis. This relationship between NAFLD and GDM remained significant after adjustment for metabolic risk factors, including measures of insulin resistance. Maternal plasma adiponectin and selenoprotein P levels were also correlated with both NAFLD severity and the risk of developing GDM. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: NAFLD in early pregnancy is an independent risk factor for GDM. Adiponectin may be a useful biomarker for predicting GDM in pregnant women.
Divergent impact of gestational diabetes mellitus between the thoracic and abdominal rat aorta: Influence of endothelium and angiotensin II receptors.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 5-10% of pregnancies and increases the risk of fetal and maternal adverse outcomes. Interestingly, the vascular response to AngII is decreased by pregnancy while the response is increased by diabetes. It remains unclear how GDM affects vascular tone and how angiotensin II receptors contribute to these changes. In this work, we sought to establish the vascular impact of a hypercaloric diet-induced GDM through changes in AT(1) and AT(2) receptor's expression. Female rats fed for 7 weeks with standard (SD) or hypercaloric (HD) diet were divided at week 4. Half of the rats of each group were mated to become pregnant and those fed with a HD developed GDM. AngII-induced vasoconstriction was measured in thoracic or abdominal aorta rings using a conventional isolated organ bath and AT(1) and AT(2) receptors were searched by immunohistochemistry. Experiments where conducted on the pregnant standard diet group (PSD) and the pregnant hypercaloric-gestational diabetes mellitus group (PHD-GDM). Vasoconstriction was reduced in the thoracic aorta (P < 0.05 vs PSD) but increased in the abdominal aorta of PHD-GDM rats (P < 0.05 vs PSD). Blockade of AT(2) receptors using PD123319 decreased vasoconstriction, particularly in the abdominal aorta of PHD-GDM animals (P < 0.05 vs PSD). PHD-GDM increased AT(1) receptors expression (P < 0.05 vs PSD). Also, PHD-GDM reverted physiologic hypoglycemia and hypotension of healthy pregnancy. Findings provide new insight into the hypercaloric diet induced damage on the vasculature during pregnancy.
Mortality in diabetes: a retrospective analysis from a tertiary care hospital in North India.; Cause(s) of death in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) admitted to a tertiary care hospital in North India was analysed from classified information in patients' death records and case file. Of the 306652 total admissions from 1991 to 1999, 21584 patients died (7.04%), 592 of whom (355 men and 237 women) had DM (2.7%). Information from 92 patients with diabetes could not be retrieved and six patients with hyperglycemia of short duration (two with gestational DM, three with post-transplant diabetes and one with stress hyperglycemia) were excluded. Of the 494 patients, 456 (92.3%) had T2DM and 38 (7.7%) had T1DM. Four hundred and forty patients had diabetes related mortality: infections (230, 46.5%), cardiovascular events (86, 17.4%), chronic renal failure (CRF) (48, 9.7%), stroke (30, 6%), diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) (15, 3%), hyperosmolar coma (11, 2.2%), and hypoglycemia (5, 1%), while others (54 patients) had diabetes unrelated deaths. Cause of death could not be ascertained in six patients (1.2%). Death was attributed to a single cause in 301 (60.9%), to two causes in 175 (35.4%) and to three or more causes in 12 (2.4%) patients. Analysis of the cause of death in DM versus hospital in-patients in general, showed infection (P<0.02), coronary artery disease (CAD) (P<0.001), and CRF (P<0.001) to be more frequent in diabetes.
Gestational diabetes mellitus alone in the absence of subsequent diabetes is associated with microalbuminuria: results from the Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP).; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) maintain a higher risk for recurrent GDM and overt diabetes. Overt diabetes is a risk factor for development of chronic kidney disease (CKD), but GDM alone, without subsequent development of overt diabetes, may also pose a risk for CKD. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This cross-sectional analysis included Kidney Early Evaluation Program (KEEP) participants from 2000 to 2009. Patient characteristics and kidney function among three categories (GDM alone, overt diabetes, and no history of diabetes) were compared. The prevalence of microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria, and CKD stages 1-2 and 3-5 was assessed using logistic regression. RESULTS: Of 37,716 KEEP female participants, 571 (1.5%) had GDM alone and 12,100 (32.1%) had overt diabetes. Women with GDM had a higher rate of microalbuminuria but not macroalbuminuria than their nondiabetic peers (10.0 vs. 7.7%) that was substantially lower than the 13.6% prevalence in diabetic women. In multivariate analysis, women with GDM alone, compared with nondiabetic women, demonstrated increased odds of CKD stages 1-2 (multivariate odds ratio 1.54 [95% CI 1.16-2.05]) similar to the odds for women with overt diabetes (1.68 [1.55-1.82]). In stratified analyses, age, race, BMI, and hypertension modified the odds for CKD stages 1-2 but not CKD stages 3-5 among women with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM alone have a higher prevalence of microalbuminuria than women without any history of diabetes, translating to higher rates of CKD stages 1-2. These results suggest that GDM, even in the absence of subsequent overt diabetes, may increase the risk for future cardiovascular and kidney disease.
[Influence of glucose homeostasis on maturation and ontogenesis of fetus].; INTRODUCTION: The aim of the paper is to examine the incidence and the rate of cardio respiratory disorders in mothers of newborns with diabetes mellitus in pregnancy as well as their influence on the perinatal outcome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective and random study included 102 newborns, 31 newborns of mothers with glucose homeostasis disorder (group I) and 71 newborns of healthy mothers (group II). The average age, body height, body weight, body mass index, parity and illness duration of the pregnant women were recorded as well as the delivery method Every newborn underwent physical examination in order to determine the Apgar score, body weight and length. Electrocardiogram, brain ultrasound and the basic hematology biochemical and microbiological analysis were done as well. RESULTS: The average weight and obesity incidence were higher in diabetic women than in the control group and their newborns were heavier and of lower gestational age. Heart failures were diagnosed in 5 (1612%) newborns of diabetic mothers and in 1 (1.4%) of a healthy pregnant woman (p<0.01). Respiratory disorders were diagnosed in 48.4% of newborns of diabetic mothers and 12.64% of healthy mothers (p<0.01). Additional oxygen was needed by 42% of newborns of diabetic mothers and 19.7% of newborns of healthy mothers. CONCLUSION: Congenital anomalies of cardiovascular system and respiratory disorders were 6-8 times more frequent in newborns of diabetic mothers than in newborns of healthy mothers.
Primary Prevention of Heart Failure in Women.; The incidence of heart failure (HF) is increasing, particularly among women, and constitutes a rapidly growing public health problem. The primary prevention of HF in women should involve targeted, sex-specific strategies to increase awareness, promote a heart healthy lifestyle, and improve treatments that optimally control the risk factors for HF with reduced ejection fraction and HF with preserved ejection fraction. Epidemiological and pathophysiological differences in both HF subtypes strongly suggest that sex-specific preventive strategies and risk factor reduction may be particularly beneficial. However, significant gaps in sex-specific knowledge exist and are impeding preventive efforts. To overcome these limitations, women need to be adequately represented in HF research, sex differences must be prospectively investigated, and effective sex-specific interventions should be incorporated into clinical practice guidelines. This review summarizes the existing evidence that supports the primary prevention of HF in women and identifies potential strategies that are most likely to be effective in reducing the burden of HF among women.
Therapies for gestational diabetes and their implications for maternal and offspring health: Evidence from human and animal studies.; Obesity prior to and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications during pregnancy. One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a condition characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance that is diagnosed in the third trimester of pregnancy. GDM predisposes both mothers and their children to increased obesity and cardiometabolic disorders, namely type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Current treatments include lifestyle changes and insulin injections, but oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide are increasingly prescribed as they do not require injections. However, the long-term implications of therapies for diabetes during pregnancy on mothers and their offspring are not fully understood. In this review, we describe current treatments for GDM, including the first line lifestyle interventions such as exercise as well as insulin, glyburides and metformin. We also review selected natural health products that are sometimes used by individuals during pregnancy that could also be an effective therapeutic in pregnancies characterized by obesity or GDM. We focus on both the short- and long-term effects of treatments on the health of mothers and their offspring. We review the current literature from clinical research and animal studies.
Utility of superior mesenteric artery Doppler and maternal pancreatic size for predicting gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between the maternal superior mesenteric artery Doppler, pancreatic size and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Two hundred and fifty-eight consecutive, pregnant women between 20 and 22 weeks of gestation underwent routine fetal anomaly screening. All subjects underwent maternal superior mesenteric artery Doppler and pancreatic size measurement of head, corpus and tail during screening. Screening was done with 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT) at gestational age 24-28 weeks. The patients who were having an abnormal GCT were subjected to 100 g GCT. Subjects were divided into two groups such as pregnancies with gestational diabetes and normal pregnancies. Relationship between Doppler and pancreatic measurements with GDM was analyzed. RESULTS: Out of 258 screened pregnancies, 28 (10.9 %) were diagnosed as GDM. There were significant differences between GDM positive and negative cases in terms of pancreatic body size (17.5 vs. 14.4 mm, p = 0.05), superior mesenteric artery Doppler systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) (4.2 vs. 3.4) and resistance index (RI) (0.72 vs. 0.68) values. Superior mesenteric artery Doppler S/D (AUC = 0.761, p < 0.001) and RI (AUC = 0.762, p < 0.001) indices were significant predictors for GDM. CONCLUSION: Superior mesenteric artery Doppler and pancreatic size evaluation may be utilized to detect abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy care.
Increased risk of hypertension after gestational diabetes mellitus: findings from a large prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy is not well established. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We investigated the association between GDM and subsequent risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy among 25,305 women who reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1991 and 2007 in the Nurses' Health Study II. RESULTS: During 16 years of follow-up, GDM developed in 1,414 women (5.6%) and hypertension developed in 3,138. A multivariable Cox proportional hazards model showed women with a history of GDM had a 26% increased risk of developing hypertension compared with those without a history of GDM (hazard ratio 1.26 [95% CI 1.11-1.43]; P=0.0004). These results were independent of pregnancy hypertension or subsequent type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that women with GDM are at a significant increased risk of developing hypertension after the index pregnancy.
[Study of ophthalmic artery hemodynamic pattern in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus].; PURPOSES: To evaluate the hemodynamic patterns of the ophthalmic artery by Doppler analysis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), comparing them to normal pregnant women. METHODS: A prospective case-control study that analyzed the ophthalmic artery Doppler indices in two groups: one consisting of 40 women diagnosed with GDM and the other of 40 normal pregnant women. Included were pregnant women with GDM criteria of the American Diabetes Association-2012, with 27 weeks of pregnancy to term, and excluded were women with hypertension, use of vasoactive drugs on or previous diagnosis of diabetes. Doppler analysis was performed in one eye with a 10 MHz linear transducer and the Sonoace 8000 Live Medison® equipment. The following variables were analyzed: pulsatility index (PI), resistance index (RI), peak velocity ratio (PVR), peak systolic velocity (PSV) and end diastolic velocity (EDV). To analyze the normality of the samples we used the Lillefors test, and to compare means and medians we used the Student's t-test and Mann-Whitney test according to data normality, with the level of significance set at 95%. RESULTS: The median and mean values with standard deviation of the variables of the ophthalmic artery Doppler velocimetry group GDM and normal pregnant women were: IP=1.7±0.6 and 1.6±0.4 (p=0.7); IR=0.7 and 0.7 (p=0.9); RPV=0.5±0.1 and 0.5±0.1 (p=0.1), PSV=33.6 and 31.9 cm/sec (p=0.7); VDF=6.3 and 7.9 cm/sec (p=0.4). There was no significant difference in the means and medians of these variables between the two groups of pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: The ophthalmic artery hemodynamic patterns, analyzed by means of a Doppler technique remained unchanged in the group of pregnant women with GDM compared to the group of normal pregnant women, suggesting that the time of exposure to the disease during pregnancy was too short to cause significant vascular disorders in the central territory.
What is new in diabetes?: best articles from the past year.; This month, we focus on current research in diabetes. Dr. Pridjian discusses six recent publications, and each is concluded with a "bottom line" that is the take-home message. The complete reference for each can be found in Box 1 on this page, along with direct links to the abstracts.
[The maternal and fetal outcome of 122 triplet pregnancies].; INTRODUCTION: The wide use of infertility drugs and assisted reproduction has resulted in 4- to 5-fold increase in the incidence of triplet pregnancies, which carry an extremely high risk of maternal complications and adverse perinatal outcome. In Hungary, reduction of multifetal pregnancies is available for all pregnant women with multifetal gestation since 1998. The goal of the procedure is to ensure better outcome for surviving fetuses. Counseling of pregnant patients should include the maternal and fetal risks of triplet gestation without multifetal pregnancy reduction. AIM: To assess the risk of maternal complications, stillbirth, perinatal and neonatal mortality rates, and risk of neonatal morbidity in non-reduced triplets in a large case series, representing the Hungarian triplet population. METHODS: The study population consisted of triplets delivered between July 1st, 1990 and June 30th, 2006, at the 1st Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology. All three fetuses had to be alive on the 18th-week ultrasound scan to be eligible. RESULTS: Out of the 122 cases, 8 (6.6%) ended in midtrimester miscarriage, 114 (93.4%) ended in delivery. There were no maternal deaths. The most common antepartum maternal complications were pregnancy-induced hypertension (16.7%), gestational diabetes mellitus (18.4%), thrombocytopenia (20.2%), anemia (16.7%) and intrahepatic cholestasis (9.7%). Preterm labor requiring tocolysis occurred in 57.9%, preterm premature rupture of membranes in 32.5%. Prophylactic cerclage was performed in 15.8% of cases, and 69.3% of patients received steroid prophylaxis. The mean gestational age at delivery was 32.3 +/- 3.2 weeks. The rates of very early (<28 weeks) and early (<32 weeks) preterm deliveries were 8.8% and 42.1%, respectively. The mean 5-minute Apgar score was 9.2 +/- 0.8, and the mean birth weight at delivery was 1664 +/- 506 g. 38.0% of infants were very low birth weight (<1500 g). Stillbirth, crude perinatal mortality and corrected perinatal mortality rates were 23.4 per thousand, 64.3 per thousand and 27.4 per thousand, respectively. 11.7 per thousand of infants had some major congenital anomaly. 54.4% of infants required ventilation or oxygen therapy or both. The most common neonatal complication were respiratory distress (17.1%), transitory tachypnea (5.2%), sepsis or pneumonia (25.5%), intraventricular hemorrhage (4.3%) and jaundice (11.4%). CONCLUSIONS: Both the maternal and neonatal risks should be considered when patients with triplets are counseled before the decision to continue the triplet gestation or to choose multifetal pregnancy reduction is made.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Future Risk of Kidney Stones.; OBJECTIVE: The association between history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and risk of kidney stones has not been reported. GDM increases the risk of long-term complications including diabetes, hypertension and metabolic syndrome, which are risk factors of kidney stones. This study aimed to explore the association between previous GDM and odds of kidney stones. METHODS: Women (age ≥ 20 years) who had delivered at least one live birth were included from the 2007-2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey cohort (N = 12,003). Patients with kidney stones and history of GDM were identified by in-home interview for all participants. Subgroup analyses were conducted by age, race/ethnicity, postpartum duration and status of hypertension, obesity, current diabetes and metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: Previous GDM was positively associated with odds of kidney stones [multivariate-adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval): 1.41 (1.13-1.77)], and the association was stronger with odds of passing 2 or more times of kidney stones [1.72 (1.31-2.26)]. In subgroup analyses, the association between previous GDM and odds of kidney stones was significant in women within 15 years of a pregnancy complicated by GDM [1.54 (1.12-2.11)], in obese participants [1.56 (1.18-2.06)], in women without hypertension [1.49 (1.07-2.08)], current diabetes [1.38 (1.02-1.87)] and metabolic syndrome [1.56 (1.10-2.19)], in women of Non-Hispanic White [1.59 (1.15-2.18)] and in women aged more than 50 year [1.45 (1.02-2.07)]. CONCLUSIONS: Previous GDM was positively associated with odds of kidney stones, and the association was independent of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and metabolic syndrome.
Microalbuminuria following gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria (MA) precedes clinical nephropathy in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and is associated with an increased mortality, mostly due to cardiovascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria is rarely detected in patients with diabetes of less than five years' duration. Our study was designed to determine whether MA and its sequelae also appear 5-8 years after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We examined the presence of MA in 72 women who had not conceived since a previous GDM-pregnancy 5-8 years ago and compared them to a control group of 35 women who had no GDM history, and who were matched for age, parity and time since last pregnancy. Microalbuminuria was determined in all subjects using an overnight 8 hours urine collection. Mann-Whitney rank-sum test was used to compare data between the study and the control groups. Student's t test was used to compare data within the study group. RESULTS: Median value of the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) in the study group was significantly higher than median value of urinary AER of the control group (p < 0.0001), but only 30.5% of the subjects of the study group were found to be microalbuminuria-positive, defined as urinary AER value of more than 21 mg/24 h. No correlation between MA and blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen and parity was found. CONCLUSIONS: MA was found to be more frequent after GDM and no predisposing factors for its appearance were elucidated. Hence, we suggest that it may well be a sign of early renal disease and that long-term follow-up of all GDM patients for MA and other markers of renal disease is strongly indicated.
Endothelial function in women with and without a history of glucose intolerance in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women who are at risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction, as indicated by impaired flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) on brachial artery ultrasound, is an early marker of vascular disease. Thus, we sought to evaluate endothelial function in women with and without recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy. METHODS: One-hundred and seventeen women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) in pregnancy, enabling stratification into those with normal gestational glucose tolerance (n = 59) and those with GDM or GIGT (n = 58). 6 years postpartum, they underwent a repeat of OGTT and brachial artery FMD studies, enabling assessment of FMD and 4 secondary vascular measures: FMD after 60 seconds (FMD60), baseline arterial diameter, peak shear rate, and reactive hyperemia. RESULTS: There were no differences between the normal gestational glucose tolerance and GDM/GIGT groups in FMD (mean 8.5 versus 9.3%, P = 0.61), FMD60 (4.1 versus 5.1%, P = 0.33), baseline diameter (3.4 versus 3.4 mm, P = 0.66), peak shear rate (262.6 versus 274.8 s(-1), P = 0.32), and reactive hyperemia (576.6 versus 496.7%, P = 0.07). After covariate adjustment, there were still no differences between the groups. CONCLUSION: Despite their long-term cardiovascular risk, women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy do not display endothelial dysfunction 6 years postpartum.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Women with Normal OGTT in Pregnancy.; Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) might be an effective tool to improve glycemic control in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Few data are available about its utilization as a diagnostic tool to find potential alterations of glycemia in subjects with normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). In this preliminary prospective real-life observational study, we aimed to analyze the glycemic pattern in normal and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) women by continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) in order to detect potential differences between the two groups and glycemic alterations despite a normal OGTT. After the screening for GDM, subjects were connected to a CGM system for seven consecutive days. The areas under the curve of the first 60 minutes after each meal and 60 minutes before breakfast were analyzed. Women with normal OGTT that during CGM showed impaired glycemic values (more than 95 fasting or more than 140 one hour after meals or more than 120 two hours after meals) performed one week of self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG). After OGTT, 53 women considered normal and 46 affected by GDM were included. CGM parameters did not show any differences between the two groups with impaired glycemic excursions found in both groups. After CGM period, 33 women with normal OGTT showed abnormal glycemic patterns. These 33 women then performed one week of SMBG. After evaluation of one week of SMBG, 21 required diet therapy and 12 required insulin treatment and were followed until the delivery. An increase in gestational weight gain was observed in normal women with normal OGTT but this was not significant. No significant data were found regarding neonatal outcomes in the two groups of women. In conclusion, CGM use in pregnancy might help to detect glycemic fluctuations in women with normal OGTT, improving their treatment and outcomes.
The association between serum resistin and PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphism in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphism is associated with the expression level of resistin and can induce insulin resistance. However, the possible effects of PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphism for the origin of gestational diabetes mellitus are still unclear. A total of 156 patients with GDM and 160 normal pregnancy women were recruited. The serum parameters, resistin and genomic DNA were detected. We collected the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and found that genotype Pro/Pro and Pro/Ala existed in the patients and controls. Moreover, the genotype Pro/Ala group had a higher level of serum parameters and resistin. Our observations suggest that PPARγ Pro12Ala polymorphism may elevate the expression of resistin and it may be involved in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Population-centric risk prediction modeling for gestational diabetes mellitus: A machine learning approach.; AIMS: The heterogeneity in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) risk factors among different populations impose challenges in developing a generic prediction model. This study evaluates the predictive ability of existing UK NICE guidelines for assessing GDM risk in Singaporean women, and used machine learning to develop a non-invasive predictive model. METHODS: Data from 909 pregnancies in Singapore's most deeply phenotyped mother-offspring cohort study, Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes (GUSTO), was used for predictive modeling. We used a CatBoost gradient boosting algorithm, and the Shapley feature attribution framework for model building and interpretation of GDM risk attributes. RESULTS: UK NICE guidelines showed poor predictability in Singaporean women [AUC:0.60 (95% CI 0.51, 0.70)]. The non-invasive predictive model comprising of 4 non-invasive factors: mean arterial blood pressure in first trimester, age, ethnicity and previous history of GDM, greatly outperformed [AUC:0.82 (95% CI 0.71, 0.93)] the UK NICE guidelines. CONCLUSIONS: The UK NICE guidelines may be insufficient to assess GDM risk in Asian women. Our non-invasive predictive model outperforms the current state-of-the-art machine learning models to predict GDM, is easily accessible and can be an effective approach to minimize the economic burden of universal testing & GDM associated healthcare in Asian populations.
Changes in health status experienced by women with gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders.; OBJECTIVE: To examine changes in health status among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). METHODS: We examined perceived health status changes from the prepregnancy, as recalled at 12-20 weeks gestation, to the postpartum period in women with GDM (n = 64) vs. unaffected gravidas (n = 1233) and women diagnosed with PIH (n = 148) vs. unaffected gravidas. We used patient survey and medical record data from a prospective cohort study. Health status measures included the Short Form-36 scales for physical function, vitality, and self-rated health and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression Scale (CES-D). Multivariate logistic regression models controlled for age, parity, race, education, prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and exercise levels, food insufficiency, and GDM or PIH during a prior pregnancy. RESULTS: Women with PIH more often reported a significant decline in vitality (odds ratio [OR] 1.51, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.02-2.23) and self-rated health (OR 2.12, 95% CI 1.19- 3.77) and an increase in depressive symptoms from prepregnancy to postpartum compared with unaffected women (OR 1.84, 95% CI 1.11-3.05). Decline in self-rated health was partially mediated by cesarean birth and preterm delivery. Similar proportions of women with GDM and unaffected women reported declines in health status measures. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PIH, but not GDM, more often experience significant declines in health status from prepregnancy to postpartum than unaffected women.
Maternal and neonatal outcome of controlled gestational diabetes mellitus versus high risk group without gestational diabetes mellitus: a comparative study.; AIM: To analyze maternal and neonatal short term outcomes in pregnancies with controlled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) versus high risk group without GDM. METHODS: The data about all singleton pregnancies with diagnosis of GDM was retrospectively retrieved from patients' files from 1st June 2008 to 30th November 2008 by the Department of Endocrinology, Alnoor Specialist Hospital, Makkah, Saudi Arabia. The diagnosis of GDM was made according to O'Sullivan and National Diabetes Data Group (NDDG) criteria. Subjects were divided into Controlled GDM group (A) and high risk group without GDM (B). Odd ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) was measured for GDM. group. RESULTS: Incidence of GDM was found 5.9%. The risk of cesarean section (CS), pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) and pre-term delivery was significantly high in the group A than B, i.e., OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.1-5.8, p=0.04; OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.1-6.2, p=0.03; OR 3.2, 95% CI 1.1-9.5, p=0.04; respectively. On the other hand, risks for gestational age (LGA) newborns, neonatal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions were also significantly higher in the group A than B neonates, i.e., OR 3.6, 95% CI 1.1-11.9, p=0.04; OR 4.7, 95% CI 1.7-12.6, p=0.002; OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.4-12.2, p=0.009; OR 3.2, 95% CI 1.1- 9.4, p=0.04, respectively. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy outcome was found unfavorable even with controlled GDM in comparison with high risk subjects.
Impact of Maternal Body Mass Index on Intrapartum and Neonatal Outcomes in Brisbane, Australia, 2007 to 2013.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of maternal body mass index on intrapartum and neonatal outcomes at one of the largest maternity hospitals in Australia. METHODS: A retrospective cross-sectional study of 55,352 term singleton deliveries at the Mater Mothers' Hospital in Brisbane, Australia, was conducted. The study cohort was stratified into six groups based on the World Health Organization's body mass index classification. The normal body mass index category was the reference group for all comparisons. Multivariate logistic regression was used to examine the effect of maternal body mass index, adjusted for maternal age, ethnicity, parity, and preexisting conditions (e.g., diabetes mellitus and hypertension), on selected intrapartum and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: Women in the overweight and Obese I, II, and III categories were more likely to have chronic or gestational hypertension/preeclampsia, and preexisting or gestational diabetes mellitus. They also had an increased risk for induction of labor, elective and emergency cesarean, and postpartum hemorrhage. Underweight women were less likely to require induction of labor and emergency cesarean. Infants born to women with increased body mass index were more likely to require neonatal resuscitation, neonatal intensive care unit admission, and have lower Apgar scores at 5 minutes. CONCLUSION: There is an increased risk of adverse intrapartum and neonatal outcomes for women who are overweight and obese, with the risks increasing with rising body mass index. Appropriately targeted weight management strategies and health education may yield improved maternal and perinatal outcomes if effectively implemented before pregnancy. These may particularly be of benefit in the teenage cohort that has yet to embark on pregnancy.
Effect of a behavioural intervention in obese pregnant women (the UPBEAT study): a multicentre, randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Behavioural interventions might improve clinical outcomes in pregnant women who are obese. We aimed to investigate whether a complex intervention addressing diet and physical activity could reduce the incidence of gestational diabetes and large-for-gestational-age infants. METHODS: The UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT) is a randomised controlled trial done at antenatal clinics in eight hospitals in multi-ethnic, inner-city locations in the UK. We recruited pregnant women (15-18 weeks plus 6 days of gestation) older than 16 years who were obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)). We randomly assigned participants to either a behavioural intervention or standard antenatal care with an internet-based, computer-generated, randomisation procedure, minimising by age, ethnic origin, centre, BMI, and parity. The intervention was delivered once a week through eight health trainer-led sessions. Primary outcomes were gestational diabetes (diagnosed with an oral glucose tolerance test and by criteria from the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups) and large-for-gestational-age infants (≥90th customised birthweight centile). Analysis was by intention to treat. This trial is registered with Current Controlled Trials, ISCRTN89971375. Recruitment and pregnancy outcomes are complete but childhood follow-up is ongoing. FINDINGS: Between March 31, 2009, and June 2, 2014, we assessed 8820 women for eligibility and recruited 1555, with a mean BMI of 36·3 kg/m(2) (SD 4·8). 772 were randomly assigned to standard antenatal care and 783 were allocated the behavioural intervention, of which 651 and 629 women, respectively, completed an oral glucose tolerance test. Gestational diabetes was reported in 172 (26%) women in the standard care group compared with 160 (25%) in the intervention group (risk ratio 0·96, 95% CI 0·79-1·16; p=0·68). 61 (8%) of 751 babies in the standard care group were large for gestational age compared with 71 (9%) of 761 in the intervention group (1·15, 0·83-1·59; p=0·40). Thus, the primary outcomes did not differ between groups, despite improvements in some maternal secondary outcomes in the intervention group, including reduced dietary glycaemic load, gestational weight gain, and maternal sum-of-skinfold thicknesses, and increased physical activity. Adverse events included neonatal death (two in the standard care group and three in the intervention group) and fetal death in utero (ten in the standard care group and six in the intervention group). No maternal deaths were reported. Incidence of miscarriage (2% in the standard care group vs 2% in the intervention group), major obstetric haemorrhage (1% vs 3%), and small-for-gestational-age infants (≤5th customised birthweight centile; 6% vs 5%) did not differ between groups. INTERPRETATION: A behavioural intervention addressing diet and physical activity in women with obesity during pregnancy is not adequate to prevent gestational diabetes, or to reduce the incidence of large-for-gestational-age infants. FUNDING: National Institute for Health Research, Guys and St Thomas' Charity, Chief Scientist Office Scotland, Tommy's Charity.
Effects of maternal obesity on antenatal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity is critically important to maternal and fetal health during the perinatal period. We have detected an increasing prevalence of maternal obesity in recent years and investigated its complications during pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 931 pregnant females were investigated between March 2012 and March 2013. The patients were divided into four groups: body mass index (BMI) < 18.5 kg/m(2) was underweight, 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2) was normal weight, 25-29.9 kg/m(2) was overweight and ≥30 kg/m(2) was obese. The effects of obesity on fetal and maternal outcomes were investigated. RESULTS: Significant increases in pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, cesarean delivery, premature rupture of membranes, shoulder dystocia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, abnormal heart rate pattern and postpartum infection rates were found in the obese group during the perinatal period. Adverse maternal effects in obese cases were significantly more frequent than those in normal-weight cases. Preterm birth, perinatal mortality, low APGAR scores, newborn intensive care unit requirement, hypoglycemia and macrosomia rates were significantly higher in obese cases than those in non-obese cases. However, low birth weight infant rate was higher in the low BMI cases than that in the other BMI categories (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: We conclude that obesity is an important factor associated with pregnancy complications and the increase in maternal-fetal morbidity and mortality.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of type 2 diabetes in postmenopausal women.; BACKGROUND: Although gestational diabetes mellitus and delivering high-birthweight infants are known to predict a higher risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus, the association of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes with type 2 diabetes mellitus is not well established. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the associations between different types of adverse pregnancy outcomes and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus among postmenopausal women. STUDY DESIGN: The Women's Health Initiative, a nationwide cohort of postmenopausal women, collected self-reported history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and delivering low- birthweight (<2500 g) or high-birthweight (>4500 g) infants. Participants were followed up annually for self-reported incident type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with medication from baseline (1993-1998) to March 2021. This study used logistic regression to examine the associations of any and individual adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes mellitus. Stratified analyses were performed to assess effect modification by body mass index, race and ethnicity, education, parity, breastfeeding, and age at first birth. RESULTS: This analysis included 49,717 women without a history of diabetes mellitus at enrollment who had a least 1 pregnancy and responded to the questionnaire about adverse pregnancy outcomes. After adjusting for body mass index, demographic, lifestyle, and reproductive factors, gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 2.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.94-2.63), high birthweight (odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.18-1.44), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.18; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-1.30) were independently associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus, whereas preterm birth and low birthweight were not associated with diabetes mellitus risk. A history of ≥2 adverse pregnancy outcomes was associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 1.55; 95% confidence interval, 1.28-1.88). This study further observed higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 3.69; 95% confidence interval, 2.38-5.70) among women with a history of both gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than those without any adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSION: Postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, those delivering high-birthweight infants, or those with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are at risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, women with ≥2 conditions had an augmented risk and might be prioritized for screening and prevention efforts for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Association of DPP-4 Concentrations with the Occurrence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered one of the most common diseases that occur during pregnancy. In addition to increasing the risk of numerous complications throughout gestation, it is also believed to have a long-term potential to impact the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease for the mother and her offspring. While there are clear guidelines for healthy weight gain in pregnancy depending on pre-pregnancy BMI, as well as dietary and training recommendations to achieve this, an increasing number of women are experiencing excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG). Such patients have a higher risk of developing GDM and gestational hypertension, as well as requiring caesarian delivery. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a glycoprotein that seems to play an important role in glucose metabolism, and inhibition of its activity positively affects glucose regulation. The aim of our study was to compare DPP-4 concentrations in patients with GDM and EGWG with healthy women. DPP-4 levels were assessed in serum and urine samples collected on the day of delivery. The bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method was also used to analyze the body composition of patients on the second day of the postpartum period. DPP-4 serum concentrations were significantly higher in patients in the GDM and EGWG groups compared to healthy women. Urinary DPP-4 concentrations were significantly higher in the control and GDM groups than in the EGWG group. Serum DPP-4 levels were positively correlated with BMI measured before pregnancy, on the delivery day, and in the early postpartum period, among other factors. According to our knowledge, this is the first study to determine DPP-4 levels in EGWG patients. DPP-4 may be related to the occurrence of GDM and EGWG; however, this requires further research.
Epigenetics of gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring health: the time for action is in early stages of life.; The epidemic increase of type 2 diabetes and obesity in developed countries cannot be explained by overnutrition, physical inactivity and/or genetic factors alone. Epidemiologic evidence suggests that an adverse intrauterine environment, in particular a shortage or excess of nutrients is associated with increased risks for many complex diseases later in life. An impressive example for the 'fetal origins of adult disease' is gestational diabetes mellitus which usually presents in 1% to >10% of third trimester pregnancies. Intrauterine hyperglycemia is not only associated with increased perinatal morbidity and mortality, but also with increased lifelong risks of the exposed offspring for obesity, metabolic, cardiovascular and malignant diseases. Accumulating evidence suggests that fetal overnutrition (and similarly undernutrition) lead to persistent epigenetic changes in developmentally important genes, influencing neuroendocrine functions, energy homeostasis and metabolism. The concept of fetal programming has important implications for reproductive medicine. Because during early development the epigenome is much more vulnerable to environmental cues than later in life, avoiding adverse environmental factors in the periconceptional and intrauterine period may be much more important for the prevention of adult disease than any (i.e. dietetic) measures in infants and adults. A successful pregnancy should not primarily be defined by the outcome at birth but also by the health status in later life.
Effect of miR-26b on gestational diabetes mellitus in rats via PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to explore the influence of micro ribonucleic acid (miR)-26b on gestational diabetes mellitus in rats via the phosphatidylinositol 3-hydroxy kinase/protein kinase B (PI3K/Akt) signaling pathway. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 60 healthy pregnant female rats were randomly divided into three groups, including group A (normal group), group B (model group), and group C (model + miR-26b group). The differences in fasting blood glucose (FBG), C-reactive protein (CRP), and phosphatidylinositol 3-hydroxy kinase/protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT) among the three groups were analyzed via serum CRP test, morphological observation, quantitative Reverse Transcription-Polymerase Chain Reaction (qRT-PCR), and Western blotting, respectively. RESULTS: The levels of FBG ad CRP were significantly up-regulated in group B when compared with group A (p<0.01). Meanwhile, they increased significantly in group C when compared with group B (p<0.01). Rats in group A exhibited smooth and flat thoracic aortic intimas, as well as neatly arranged smooth muscle cells at the media layer. However, rats in group B showed fractured intimas with enlarged junction gaps, as well as necrotic and detached endothelial cells. Compared with group B, group C exhibited extremely poorly arranged cells at all the layers, rough and rugged intimas, larger areas of necrotic and detached endothelial cells, and markedly worsened lesions. QRT-PCR results indicated that the expression of phosphorylated-PI3K (p-PI3K) was significantly lower in group B than that of group A (p=0.04). Meanwhile, it was markedly lower in group C than that in group B (p=0.04). The expression of p-Akt was remarkably lower in group B than group A (p=0.04), which was also significantly lower in group C than group B (p=0.04). Compared with group A, the expressions of p-PI3K and p-Akt in the thoracic aorta of group B were evidently down-regulated (p<0.01). Furthermore, they decreased markedly in group C when compared with group B (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: MiR-26b accelerates the progression of gestational diabetes by inhibiting the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway.
[Diabetes and pregnancy].; During the past years perinatal mortality in diabetic pregnancy has been lowered significantly, in special collections with highly motivated diabetic women even below 2%. In case of optimal metabolic control and absence of diabetic angiopathy the perinatal survival rate is identical to that in normal pregnancy. But adequate metabolic control cannot be reached in all pregnant women during the whole period of gestation, and pre-existing diabetic angiopathy exists frequently; therefore diabetic pregnancy will be associated with elevated perinatal mortality and morbidity also in the future. In case of pre-existing diabetic nephropathy, especially when GFR is decreased before conception there is a high risk for both progression of nephropathy during pregnancy and increased incidence of gestosis and intrauterine growth retardation which lead to earlier delivery (before the 36th week of gestation) in most cases. Perinatal mortality newborns of diabetic women with nephropathy has been decreased significantly during the past years, but perinatal morbidity in these newborns is still high. Pre-existing proliferative retinopathy can show progressive deterioration during pregnancy, but spontaneous regression post partum is usual. In rare cases progression of retinopathy also after delivery has been described even when laser coagulation was performed. Diabetic women with macroangiopathy, especially with coronary artery disease show a high risk for cardiovascular events during pregnancy. The occurrence of acute myocardial infarction in pregnant diabetic women is associated with elevated fetal and maternal mortality. Though there are case reports in the literature describing a successful fetal and maternal outcome after myocardial infarction during pregnancy.
Postpartum healthcare after gestational diabetes and hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy identify women with an elevated lifetime risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. METHODS: Prospective cohort of women recruited from the postpartum service of a large community-based academic obstetrical hospital after delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP). Interviews were conducted, and validated surveys completed, before hospital discharge and again 3 months postpartum. RESULTS: The study sample included 249 women: 111 with GDM, 127 with HDP, and 11 with both. Most, 230 (92.4%) had a PCP prior to pregnancy and 97 (39.0%) reported an office visit with their PCP during the prenatal period. Of the 176 (70.7%) participants who attended the 3-month study visit, 169 (96.0%) women with either diagnosis reported they had attended their 6-week postpartum visit. By the 3-month study visit, 51 (57.9%) women with GDM had completed follow-up glucose testing; 93 (97.9%) with HDP had follow-up blood pressure testing; and 101 (57.4%) with either diagnosis recalled ever having completed lipid screening. Women least likely to complete screening tests were those who had no college education, less than a high school level of health literacy, and who were not privately insured. CONCLUSION: There are important opportunities to improve postpartum testing for diabetes and CVD risk factor assessment. Most women were connected to primary care suggesting a "hand-off" to a primary care physician after pregnancy is feasible. More robust strategies may be needed to improve follow-up care for women with less education, lower health literacy, and those without private health insurance.
Second trimester amniotic fluid myo-inositol concentrations in women later developing gestational diabetes mellitus or pregnancy-induced hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate myo-inositol concentrations in amniotic fluid in women later developing gestational diabetes and hypertension. METHODS: A retrospective study was carried out with three groups of amniotic fluid samples (15-18 gestational weeks): 30 gestational hypertension pregnancies, 30 gestational diabetes pregnancies, and 30 normal pregnancy. RESULTS: A significant difference was observed in myo-inositol concentrations between the median gestational diabetes values (124.0 µmol/L, IQR 90.0-162.5) and the control group values (79.0 µmol/L, IQR 62.0-107.5), but also with gestational hypertension median values (79.0 µmol/L, IQR 67.75-92.0) (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: This study has shown that myo-inositol concentrations in amniotic fluid increased significantly in women later developing gestational diabetes compared to the control group.
Effects of pregnancy on specific diseases.; Of the numerous physiological changes associated with pregnancy that may have effects on various diseases, the marked increase in blood volume probably exerts the most pronounced effect. This increase may affect the serum level of many medications, as well as affecting various laboratory tests. Other important changes occur in the renal and hepatic system, which in turn may affect the clearance and metabolism of certain drugs and medications. Moreover, the response to and treatment of various diseases during pregnancy may be affected by the "attitude" of the health care providers who are often reluctant to perform certain diagnostic tests and procedures on the pregnant woman.
Classification of stillbirths and risk factors by cause of death--a case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate risk factors for stillbirths by cause, using the Causes of Death and Associated Conditions (CODAC) classification system for perinatal deaths. DESIGN: Case-control study. SETTING: Two university hospitals in Oslo, Norway, January 1990 through December 2003. SAMPLE: Women with stillbirth after 22 gestational weeks (n = 377) and controls with live births (n = 1 215), and a subsample of 105 cases and 262 controls. METHODS: Socio-demographic, clinical and thrombophilic risk factors for stillbirths were assessed by cause of death in univariate and multivariable logistic regression analyses. Stillbirths were classified according to CODAC based on information from medical records and validated placenta histology. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Causes of stillbirths in percentages, prevalence, odds ratios and adjusted odds ratios for potential risk factors. RESULTS: Approximately half of the women (n = 190) had placental and 19.4% (n = 73) unknown cause of stillbirth. Placental-associated conditions were registered in 18% (n = 68) of cases with a non-placental or an unknown cause. Smoking and small-for-gestational age were more prevalent in all causal groups, compared with controls, whereas twin pregnancy, hypertension and diabetes were more prevalent only among women with placental and unknown causes of stillbirth. The F2rs179963 polymorphism and combined thrombophilia were significant risk factors for stillbirth with placental causes and antiphospholipid antibodies for stillbirth with non-placental causes. CONCLUSIONS: Two-thirds of all stillbirths (68%) were caused by or associated with placental pathology. Risk factors differed somewhat according to cause, apart from smoking and small-for-gestational age, which were significant risk factors across the causal groups.
Long-term effects of streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes mellitus on mechanical sensitivity and intraepidermal nerve fibers in female and male mice offspring.; While the long-term complications of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the cardiovascular, endocrine, and central nervous systems from offspring have been widely studied, less is known about the long-term outcomes of GDM on the peripheral nervous system. Thus, here we assessed the mechanical sensitivity and density of nerve fibers of the hind paw from middle-aged offspring born from dams with GDM. GDM was induced by the intraperitoneal administration of streptozotocin (STZ) in mouse dams. Mechanical sensitivity in male and female offspring was bi-weekly evaluated from week 18 to week 40 of age. At 40 weeks old, offspring were sacrificed and glabrous hind paw skin was processed for immunohistochemistry to determine the density of intraepidermal CGRP and PGP9.5 positive nerve fibers. Offspring mice born from STZ-treated dams had significantly greater mechanical sensitivity from 18 to 40 weeks of age compared to offspring born from vehicle-treated dams (control group). The density of intraepidermal CGRP(+) and PGP9.5(+) nerve fibers were significantly lower in the hind paw skin of female but not male offspring, born from STZ-treated dams versus the control group. These results suggest that GDM has long-term sex-dependent complications on the nociceptive system. Further studies are necessary to elucidate the mechanisms underlying the GDM-induced long-term consequences.
Postpartum adiponectin concentration, insulin resistance and metabolic abnormalities among women with pregnancy-induced disturbances.; The authors compared postpartum adiponectin levels among women with prior pregnancy-induced disturbances and assessed their association with homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), the metabolic syndrome (MS), and the Framingham risk score (FRS). Women delivering in 1998 through 2001 and who had gestational diabetes mellitus (n=22), gestational hypertension (n=32), or preeclampsia (n=34) were examined 1 to 2 years after delivery and were grouped-matched to controls (n=29) by age and prepregnancy body mass index. HOMA-IR was increased, adiponectin values were decreased, and there was a higher MS prevalence in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (all P<.05). Adiponectin levels were inversely related to HOMA-IR (r=-0.45; P<.0001) and FRS (r=-0.25; P=.007), and a significant trend for decreasing adiponectin values with increased number of MS components was noted (P trend <.0001). Adiponectin concentration remained a significant correlate of FRS and MS irrespective of pregnancy history; a concentration <10.5 microg/mL provided the optimal cutoff to distinguish those with or without MS. Thus, a lower postpartum adiponectin concentration identifies women at increased cardiovascular risk regardless of pregnancy history.
Epicardial fat thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide.; OBJECTIVE: The female population with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a postpartum profile with increased cardiovascular (CV) risk factors and heightened prospective CV risk. Epicardial fat tissue was reported to be related to cardiometabolic diseases as metabolically active adipose tissue and natriuretic peptides (NPs) have been shown to have metabolic effects. This study's aim was to determine the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and NPs in the female population diagnosed with GDM. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study involved 161 pregnant women: 96 with GDM, and 65 healthy controls. GDM was diagnosed following the American Diabetes Association (2013) norms for diagnosing diabetes. All patients underwent echocardiography to measure EFT. N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and other parameters were quantified in blood samples. The Independent Samples t-test, Pearson's correlation test, and a multivariable logistic regression analysis (LRA) were performed for statistical evaluation. A p-value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Fasting (91.46±14.29 mg/dl vs. 82.18±8.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), first-hour (202.30± 21.60 mg/dl vs. 161.57±16.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), and second-hour (176.95±20.43 mg/dl vs. 130.93±16.95 mg/dl) glucose levels (p<0.001), fasting insulin level (14.54±3.50 mUL/mL vs. 11.51±2.04 mUL/mL; p<0.001), and Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) value (3.28±0.99 vs. 2.31±0.45; p<0.0001) in GDM Group were significantly higher than Control Group. The GDM Group also had significantly increased EFT values compared to the Control Group (4.74±0.65 mm vs. 3.77±0.66 mm; p<0.0001), whereas NT-proBNP levels of diabetic women were considerably lower compared to controls (21.59±19.86 pg/ml vs. 39.74±33.96 pg/ml; p<0.0001). In addition, EFT thickness and the NT-proBNP level were determined to be significantly negatively correlated (r=-32, p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: EFT evaluation might play a prognostic role in detecting cardiometabolic risk associated with potential disorders such as GDM. This study showed a potential interplay between epicardial adipose tissue and NPs secreted by cardiomyocytes and practical effects on fat metabolism in GDM subjects.
Inflammation and decreased cardiovagal modulation are linked to stress and depression at 36th week of pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Stress and depression have been reported in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Though inflammation and oxidative stress are associated with depression, there are no reports of link of cardiometabolic risks (CMR) to stress and depression in GDM. Normal pregnant women (control group, n = 164) and women with GDM (study group, n = 176) at 36th week of gestation were recruited for the study. Blood pressure (BP), body composition, heart rate variability (HRV), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), markers of insulin resistance, oxidative stress, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, were assessed. Perceived stress score (PSS), quality of life (QoL) scale, Indian diabetic risk score (IDRS) and Edinburg postnatal depression score (EPDS) were assessed. Association of potential contributors to PSS and EDPS were assessed by correlation and regression analyses. There was significant increase in PSS, EPDS, IDRS scores, HbA1C, malondialdehyde (MDA) (oxidative stress marker) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 (inflammatory markers), and significant decrease in total power (TP) of HRV (marker of cardiovagal modulation), QoL and nitric oxide (endothelial dysfunction marker) in study group compared to control group. Though many cardiometabolic risk parameters were correlated with PSS and EPDS, the significant independent association was observed for TP, HbA1C, MDA and interleukin-6. However, interleukin-6 had maximum contribution to PSS (β = 0.550, p < 0.001) and EPDS (β = 0.393, p < 0.001) as demonstrated by multiple regression analysis. Inflammation, oxidative stress, glycation status and decreased cardiovagal modulation are associated with stress and depression at 36th week of gestation in GDM.
CXC chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to evaluate the association between CXC chemokine ligand 16 and indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia and systemic inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. METHODS: This sub-study of the population-based prospective cohort included 310 women. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed during pregnancy and 5 years later along with lipid analysis. CXC chemokine ligand 16 was measured in plasma (protein) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (messenger RNA) during pregnancy and at follow-up. RESULTS: Circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 was higher in gestational diabetes mellitus women early in pregnancy and at follow-up, while higher in preeclampsia women late in pregnancy compared to control women. Messenger RNA of CXC chemokine ligand 16 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were lower in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia women compared to control women. Increased circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 level was associated with a higher apolipoprotein B and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in gestational diabetes mellitus women but not in normal pregnancy at follow-up. CONCLUSION: Our study shows that women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia had a dysregulated CXC chemokine ligand 16 during pregnancy, and in gestational diabetes mellitus, the increase in CXC chemokine ligand 16 early in pregnancy and after 5 years was strongly associated with their lipid profile.
Impaired cardiac adjustment to pregnancy in type I diabetes.; To assess the adaptation of the heart of diabetic subjects in the natural volume overload state of pregnancy, echocardiography was performed during each trimester and postpartum in 17 women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and in 11 healthy women. The mean duration of diabetes was 14 yr and signs of microvascular complications were detected in 6 patients. The diabetic women had slightly smaller left ventricles than the control women already in the basal state (postpartum), and the pregnancy-induced increase in left ventricular size and stroke volume was less in the diabetic than in the control women. The heart rate rise also tended to be less in the diabetic women, resulting in a markedly smaller increase in cardiac output in this group (1.3 vs. 3.4 L/min, P less than .01). Left ventricular systolic function, wall thicknesses, or left atrial size did not differ between the groups at any point in the study. Minor collections of pericardial fluid were observed in 14 (76%) diabetic women and in 5 (45%) control women during the second and/or third trimester, but only 2 diabetic women had classic pericardial effusions. In conclusion, the normal hemodynamic adjustments to pregnancy seem to be impaired in women with IDDM. Preclinical diabetic cardiomyopathy and autonomic neuropathy may be involved in the observed alterations.
Occurrence and recurrence of diabetes in pregnancy.; AIMS: To determine occurrence and recurrence rates of gestational diabetes among women having at least two consecutive pregnancies. Risk factors for recurrence of gestational diabetes and rates of second/third pregnancy pre-existing diabetes mellitus were also assessed. METHODS: Population-based study using longitudinally linked hospital discharge and birth records (2001-2009) in NSW, Australia. Participants included women without a pre-existing diagnosis of Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes at time of first pregnancy and with at least a first and second birth. Factors associated with recurrence of gestational diabetes were examined using multivariate log-binomial models to adjust for correlation within mothers and estimate relative risks and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: First occurrence of gestational diabetes was 3.7% (5315/142 843) in the first pregnancy and 2.7% (3689/137 528) in the second pregnancy. The recurrence rate of gestational diabetes in a second consecutive pregnancy was 41.2%. Risk of pre-existing diabetes in a pregnancy subsequent to one with first occurrence of gestational diabetes was 2.2% and 2.0% in the second or third pregnancy, respectively. Among women with a diagnosis of gestational diabetes in the first pregnancy, independent predictors of gestational diabetes recurrence were maternal age ≥ 35 years, ethnicity (Middle East/North Africa and Asia), pregnancy hypertension, large for gestational age infant and preterm birth in the first pregnancy, longer inter-pregnancy birth interval and pregnancy hypertension and multiple pregnancy in the second pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes in a previous pregnancy is a strong indicator of future risk and a useful clinical marker for identifying women at elevated risk in a subsequent pregnancy.
Phenotypic and genotypic differences between Indian and Scandinavian women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a transient form of diabetes characterized by impaired insulin secretion and action during pregnancy. Population-based differences in prevalence exist which could be explained by phenotypic and genetic differences. The aim of this study was to examine these differences in pregnant women from Punjab, India and Scandinavia. METHODS: Eighty-five GDM/T2D loci in European and/or Indian populations from previous studies were assessed for association with GDM based on Swedish GDM criteria in 4018 Punjabi Indian and 507 Swedish pregnant women. Selected loci were replicated in Scandinavian cohorts, Radiel (N = 398, Finnish) and STORK/STORK-G (N = 780, Norwegian). RESULTS: Punjabi Indian women had higher GDM prevalence, lower insulin secretion and better insulin sensitivity than Swedish women. There were significant frequency differences of GDM/T2D risk alleles between both populations. rs7178572 at HMG20A, previously associated with GDM in South Indian and European women, was replicated in North Indian women. The T2D risk SNP rs11605924 in the CRY2 gene was associated with increased GDM risk in Scandinavian but decreased GDM risk in Punjabi Indian women. No other overlap was seen between GDM loci in both populations. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes mellitus is more common in Indian than Swedish women, which partially can be attributed to differences in insulin secretion and action. There was marked heterogeneity in the GDM phenotypes between the populations which could only partially be explained by genetic differences.
Diabetes in pregnancy 100 years after the discovery of insulin: Hot topics and open questions to be addressed in the coming years.; By making it possible for women with diabetes to achieve their family planning goals, the discovery of insulin ushered in the field of diabetes in pregnancy. The ensuing century has witnessed tremendous advances, with clinical focus on preconception planning and maternal glycemic control making successful pregnancy an achievable goal. Currently, the global epidemic of overweight/obesity has led to maternal hyperglycemia now affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide, prompting intense research interest. Topics of particular interest include (i) the optimal approach to diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); (ii) the emergence of GDM as a chronic metabolic disorder identifying future risk of non-communicable disease; (iii) the transgenerational impact of maternal glycemia as per the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease; and (iv) the application of new technology for optimizing clinical management. These topics have raised exciting questions such as (i) whether the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy can impact growth/development in childhood, (ii) whether GDM can be prevented, and (iii) whether the diagnosis of GDM could facilitate the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Indeed, this field may be on the precipice of a golden era of new concepts and evidence to optimize the health of mother and child.
A feasibility study using motivational interviewing and a smartphone application to promote physical activity (+Stay-Active) for women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Physical activity (PA) interventions have an encouraging role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) management. Digital technologies can potentially be used at scale to support PA. The aim of this study was to assess the feasibility and acceptability of + Stay-Active: a complex intervention which combines motivational interviewing with a smartphone application to promote PA levels in women with GDM. METHODS: This non-randomised feasibility study used a mixed methods approach. Participants were recruited from the GDM antenatal clinic at Oxford University Hospitals. Following baseline assessments (visit 1) including self-reported and device determined PA measurements (wrist worn accelerometer), women participated in an online motivational interview, and then downloaded (visit 2) and used the Stay-Active app (Android or iOS). Women had access to Stay-Active until 36 weeks' gestation, when acceptability and PA levels were reassessed (visit 3). The primary outcome measures were recruitment and retention rates, participant engagement, and acceptability and fidelity of the intervention. Secondary outcome measures included PA levels, app usage, blood glucose and perinatal outcomes. Descriptive statistics were performed for assessments at study visits. Statistics software package Stata 14 and R were used. RESULTS: Over the recruitment period (46 weeks), 114 of 285 women met inclusion criteria and 67 (58%) enrolled in the study. Mean recruitment rate of 1.5 participants/clinic with 2.5 women/clinic meeting inclusion criteria. Fifty-six (83%) received the intervention at visit 2 and 53 (79%) completed the study. Compliance to accelerometer measurement protocols were sufficient in 78% of participants (52/67); wearing the device for more than 10 h on 5 or more days at baseline and 61% (41/67) at 36 weeks. There was high engagement with Stay-Active; 82% (55/67) of participants set goals on Stay-Active. Sustained engagement was evident, participants regularly accessed and logged multiples activities on Stay-Active. The intervention was deemed acceptable; 85% of women rated their care was satisfactory or above, supported by written feedback. CONCLUSIONS: This combined intervention was feasible and accepted. Recruitment rates were lower than expected. However, retention rates remained satisfactory and participant compliance with PA measurements and engagement was a high. Future work will explore the intervention's efficacy to increase PA and impact on clinical outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The study has received a favourable opinion from South Central-Hampshire B Research Ethics Committee; REC reference: 20/SC/0342. ISRCTN11366562.
Maternal insulin therapy does not restore foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus subjected to diet (GDMd) that do not reach normal glycaemia are passed to insulin therapy (GDMi). GDMd associates with increased human cationic amino acid transporter 1 (hCAT-1)-mediated transport of L-arginine and nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activity in foetoplacental vasculature, a phenomenon reversed by exogenous insulin. Whether insulin therapy results in reversal of the GDMd effect on the foetoplacental vasculature is unknown. We assayed whether insulin therapy normalizes GDMd-associated foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction. Primary cultures of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from GDMi pregnancies were used to assay L-arginine transport kinetics, NOS activity, p44/42(mapk) and protein kinase B/Akt activation, and umbilical vein rings reactivity. HUVECs from GDMi or GDMd show increased hCAT-1 expression and maximal transport capacity, NOS activity, and eNOS, and p44/42(mapk), but not Akt activator phosphorylation. Dilation in response to insulin or calcitonin-gene related peptide was impaired in umbilical vein rings from GDMi and GDMd pregnancies. Incubation of HUVECs in vitro with insulin (1 nmol/L) restored hCAT-1 and eNOS expression and activity, and eNOS and p44/42(mapk) activator phosphorylation. Thus, maternal insulin therapy does not seem to reverse GDMd-associated alterations in human foetoplacental vasculature.
Wave intensity analysis of maternal arterial stiffness: augmentation index and pulse wave velocity in pregnancies complicated by diabetes or hypertension.; PURPOSE: The aim of our study was to compare the maternal arterial stiffness in pregnant women with diabetic disease, hypertension and those with normal pregnancies. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed involving 65 pregnant women with diabetic disease (DD group), 26 pregnant women with hypertension (RR group) and 448 women with normal pregnancies (control group). The augmentation index (AIx) and the pulse wave velocity (PWV) of the right carotid artery were assessed using non-invasive sonographic wave intensity analysis. Furthermore, the reliability of the measurements was evaluated in 21 healthy women. RESULTS: Compared with the controls, the AIx and PWV were increased in the DD group [11.0 (interquartile range, IQR 7.3, 15.2) vs. 5.7 (IQR 2.4, 9.3), P < 0.001; 5.7 (IQR 5.1, 6.4) vs. 5.2 (IQR 4.6, 6.1), P = 0.001; respectively] and the RR group [9.3 (IQR 6.6, 11.5) vs. 5.7 (IQR 2.4, 9.3), P < 0.001; 7.1 (6.3, 7.9) vs. 5.2 (IQR 4.6, 6.1), P < 0.001; respectively]. The intraclass and interclass correlation coefficients were good to excellent for the AIx (ICC: 0.91, P < 0.001 and 0.74, P < 0.002; respectively) and PWV measurements (ICC: 0.71, P < 0.004 and 0.70, P < 0.005; respectively). CONCLUSION: Pregnancies complicated by diabetic disease or hypertension are associated with increased maternal arterial stiffness. The importance of wave intensity analysis needs to be verified and larger studies are needed to establish both normal and cutoff values that may be relevant for clinical decisions.
Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes contributes to subsequent adult metabolic syndrome.; Obesity and diabetes have become globally epidemic. The cause of this unprecedented rise in obesity is multifactorial, with inactivity, excessive calorie intake, and genetic factors implicated. More recent data indicate that exposure to diabetes during pregnancy increases the risk of childhood and adult obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Evidence derived from recent randomized controlled trials indicates that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment reduces newborn obesity and therefore may contribute to reducing the global prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome. Current evidence detailing increases in global prevalence of obesity was reviewed together with data evaluating the effectiveness of treatment of GDM. Development of new protocols for diagnosis and treatment of GDM may reduce population obesity and cardiovascular disease.
Healthful Dietary Patterns and the Risk of Hypertension Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.; Women who developed gestational diabetes mellitus represent a high-risk population for hypertension later in life. The role of diet in the progression of hypertension among this susceptible population is unknown. We conducted a prospective cohort study of 3818 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Nurses' Health Study II as part of the ongoing Diabetes & Women's Health Study. These women were followed-up from 1989 to 2011. Incident hypertension was identified through self-administered questionnaires that were validated previously by medical record review. Adherence scores for the alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010, the alternative Mediterranean diet, and the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension were computed for each participant. Cox proportional hazard models were used to evaluate the associations between dietary scores and hypertension while adjusting for major risk factors for hypertension. We documented 1069 incident hypertension cases during a median of 18.5 years of follow-up. After adjustment for major risk factors for hypertension, including body mass index, alternative Healthy Eating Index 2010, alternative Mediterranean diet, and Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension scores were significantly inversely associated with the risk of hypertension; hazard ratio and 95% confidence interval comparing the extreme quartiles (highest versus lowest) were 0.76 (0.61-0.94; P for linear trend =0.03) for AHEI score, 0.72 (0.58-0.90; P for trend =0.01) for Dietary Approach to Stop Hypertension score, and 0.70 (0.56-0.88; P for trend =0.002) for alternative Mediterranean diet score. Adherence to a healthful dietary pattern was related to a lower subsequent risk of developing hypertension among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Equilibrative nucleoside transporters in fetal endothelial dysfunction in diabetes mellitus and hyperglycaemia.; Diabetes mellitus types 1 and 2, and gestational diabetes are characterized by abnormal D-glucose metabolism and hyperglycaemia, and induce foetal endothelial dysfunction with implications in adult life increasing the risk of vascular diseases. Synthesis of nitric oxide (NO) and uptake of L-arginine (i.e. the L-arginine/NO signalling pathway) and adenosine (a vasoactive endogenous nucleoside) by the umbilical vein endothelium is altered in pathological pregnancies, including pregnancies with pre-established diabetes mellitus or in gestational diabetes. The mechanisms underlying these alterations include differential expression of equilibrative nucleoside transporters (ENTs), amino acid transporters and NO synthases (NOS). Modulation of ENTs and NOS expression and activity in endothelium involves several signalling molecules, including protein kinase C, mitogen-activated protein kinases p42 and p44, calcium and phosphatidyl inositol 3 kinase. Elevated extracellular D-glucose and diabetes alters human endothelial function. However, information regarding modulation the transport capacity as well as expression of ENTs is limited. This review focuses on the effect of diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, and hyperglycaemia on the reported mechanisms described for transcriptional and post-transcriptional regulation of ENTs, and the potential consequences for foetal endothelial function in these pathologies. Recent available information regarding functional consequences of an abnormal environment on the functionality of the endothelium from microvasculature of the human placenta is mentioned. The available information is scarce, but it could contribute to a better understanding of the cell and molecular basis of the altered vascular endothelial function in this pathological conditions, emphasizing the key role of this type of epithelium in fetal-placental function and the normal foetal development and growth.
Cardiac septal hypertrophy in hyperinsulinemic infants.; One infant with nesidioblastosis, and five of 18 infants of diabetic mothers had echocardiographically determined septal hypertrophy (greater than or equal to 6 mm). No correlation was found between the septal hypertrophy and the presence of hypocalcemia, polycythemia, birth asphyxia, or other observed clinical findings. All of the infants with septal hypertrophy, however, had profound hypoglycemia shortly after birth in contrast to those infants without septal hypertrophy. Macrosomic IDM have intrauterine hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. The presence of profound neonatal hypoglycemia is consistent with the metabolic effects of significant neonatal hyperinsulinemia which is also present in the fetus. Infants with nesidioblastosis also have fetal hyperinsulinemia. Recent investigations have suggested an important role for insulin in the developing heart since it is rich in insulin receptors and contains marked insulin degrading capacity. Although fetal hyperglycemia has been suggested as the cause of septal hypertrophy in IDM, we hypothesize that fetal hyperinsulinemia contributes directly to the spinal hypertrophy.
Association between gestational cardiovascular health in the first trimester and pregnancy outcomes in the China birth cohort.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) during the first trimester is associated with a risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: A multicentre prospective cohort; part of the China birth cohort study. METHODS: Pregnant women were recruited at 6-13(+6) gestation weeks and followed to delivery to identify pregnancy outcomes. Gestational CVH in the first trimester was assessed using five CVH metrics: body mass index, smoking, blood pressure, glucose, and lipids. Multilevel modified Poisson regression models calculated the relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) of gestational CVH for adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: Among 56,852 pregnant women, the mean score for gestational CVH during the first trimester was 9.1. Adjusting for confounding factors, each 1-point decrease in the total gestational CVH score significantly increased the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (RR = 1.682, 95% CI: 1.624-1.743), gestational diabetes mellitus (RR = 1.405, 95% CI: 1.384-1.426), preterm birth (RR = 1.184, 95% CI: 1.174-1.195), large for gestational age (RR = 1.224, 95% CI: 1.199-1.250), caesarean delivery (RR = 1.073, 95% CI: 1.049-1.097), and low Apgar score (RR = 1.131, 95% CI: 1.003-1.277) significantly increased. Meanwhile, the risk of small for gestational age decreased (SGA; RR = 0.922, 95% CI: 0.898-0.946). Worsened CVH categories significantly increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, excluding SGA. CONCLUSIONS: Poor gestational CVH in the first trimester significantly increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, emphasising the need for early improvement in gestational CVH.
Gestational diabetes and subclinical inflammation: evaluation of first year postpartum outcomes.; AIM: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between sublinical inflammation and glycemic status in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Sixty-one patients with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were included in the study. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), lipid parameters and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were measured. Fifty-five of the patients with GDM returned for a follow-up visit scheduled at 1-year post-partum. These patients were subjected to 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) followed by an evaluation of metabolic and subclinical inflammatory parameters were evaluated. RESULTS: The mean FBG, insulin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride (TG), hsCRP levels and CIMT in the women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. C-reactive protein and CIMT were positively correlated with insulin, HOMA-IR, glucose value at the time of the OGTT 50, prepregnancy body mass index, TG and FBG. Multivariate logistic regression analysis on patients with sustained hyperglycemia one-year postpartum revealed elevated hsCRP levels to be independent risk factors for the development of dysglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated hsCRP levels could be predictors of progression to T2DM later in life in patients with GDM.
[Analysis of the maternal glucolipid metabolism in twin pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus].; Objective: To explore the characteristics of maternal glucose and lipid metabolism in twin pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The clinical features of twin and singleton pregnancies complicated by GDM, which delivered in Peking University First Hospital from January 1st, 2012 to December 31st, 2017 were retrospectively analyzed. A total of 286 twin pregnancies with GDM (GDM-T group) were collected, and 572 singleton pregnancies complicated by GDM (GDM-S group) which were matched by delivery time in a ratio of 1∶2 among all singleton pregnancies with GDM. The characteristics of maternal glucolipid metabolism in the second trimesters of pregnancy was compared between two groups. Results: (1) Compared with GDM-S group, the maternal delivery age were lower [(32±4), (33±4) years] and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) were higher [(24±4), (23±4) kg/m(2)] in GDM-T group, the differences were statistically significant (all P<0.05). The incidence of chronic hypertension was found no significant difference (P=0.581). (2) The 3 points of glucose values in 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and OGTT-area under curve (AUC) had no significant difference between GDM-T and GDM-S group.When compared with GDM-S group, the maternal glycosylated hemoglobin levels [(5.41±0.35)%, (5.32±0.28)%], the insulin resistance index (4.07±0.77, 2.63±1.50) and the proportion of insulin use (7.7%, 4.4%) were all significantly higher in GDM-T group (all P<0.05). The values of triglyceride [(3.4±1.4), (2.6±1.2) mmol/L], total cholesterol [(6.3±1.1), (6.0±1.0) mmol/L], low density lipoprotein cholesterol [(3.3±0.9), (3.1±0.8) mmol/L] were significantly higher and values of high density lipoprotein cholesterol [(1.7±0.4), (2.0±0.5) mmol/L] were significantly lower in GDM-T group than GDM-S group (all P<0.05). (3) There was no significant difference in the incidence of gestational hypertension between the two groups (P>0.05). When compared with GDM-S group, the incidences of preeclampsia and small for gestational age were both significantly higher (13.3% vs 2.4%; 28.7% vs 1.7%) and the incidence of large for gestational age was significantly lower in GDM-T group (4.5% vs 15.2%; all P<0.05). Conclusions: The insulin resistance is aggravated in twin pregnancies and the characteristics of lipid metabolism are different between singleton and twin pregnant women complicated by GDM, and there are more complications in twin GDM pregnancies.
Quantitative macroscopic study on preterm placenta in gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy induced hypertension.; Preterm birth is the major cause of perinatal mortality and morbidity. During the last decade, it has become an important issue in public health policies of developing countries. Gestational diabetes mellitus and Pregnancy induced hypertension are two important high-risk factors for preterm birth. The proposed study aimed to make a macroscopic analysis on the functional tissues (Parenchymal tissues) in preterm placenta in respect of Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH). The study was observational and cross sectional. The patients under this study were selected from the Obstetric ward of BSMMU and BIRDEM hospital, from June 2005 to October 2005. Sixty-six samples were collected from women during 28 weeks to 36 weeks of gestation. Among them, twenty-two samples were from gestational diabetic mothers, twenty-two were from pregnancy induced hypertensive mothers and twenty-two were from mothers who were non-diabetic and non-hypertensive in current pregnancy. Placentas were fixed and preserved in 10% formal saline solution. The volume proportions of parenchymal and non-parenchymal components were measured by using a point counting technique on formalin fixed placentas. In this study, the GDM group had significantly more absolute volume and mean proportional volume of the parenchyma but less mean proportional volume of the non-parenchyma when compared with Control and PIH group. However, the PIH group had significantly less absolute volume of the parenchyma than the control group and the mean value of the absolute volume of non parenchyma was also less than control value but did not reach a significant level. The results obtained from diseased and control groups demonstrated a significant change in some events, and some trends were also observed among these groups. However, it could be suggest that, in these two pregnancy-induced disorders, there is placental insufficiency where the placenta tries to exert its reserve capacity by changing its functional structures and consequently overcomes the possible damage to the fetus.
Atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype and LDL size and subclasses in women with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after pregnancy; however, the exact nature of the lipid alterations present is not clear. In Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes, we measured low-density lipoprotein (LDL) size and all seven subclasses, as well as the 'atherogenic-lipoprotein phenotype'[ALP, e.g. concomitant presence of elevated triglycerides, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and increased small, dense LDL]. METHODS: In 27 women with gestational diabetes and 23 healthy pregnant women matched for age, weeks of gestation and body mass index, we measured plasma lipids and LDL size and subclasses by gradient gel electrophoresis between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Although no significant differences were found in the concentrations of any of the plasma lipids, compared with control subjects women with gestational diabetes had lower LDL size (P = 0.0007) due to reduced LDL-I (P = 0.0074) and increased LDL-IVA (P = 0.0146) and -IVB (P < 0.0001) subclasses. Correlation analysis revealed that fasting glucose, homeostasis model assessment and glycated haemoglobin were inversely correlated with LDL-I and positively with LDL-IVA and -IVB (all P < 0.05). ALP due to high HDL-cholesterol levels was not seen in either group, whereas elevated small, dense LDL were more common in women with gestational diabetes than control subjects (33% vs. 4%, P = 0.0107). CONCLUSIONS: Increased levels of small, dense LDL are common in Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes. Whether these findings affect the atherogenic process and clinical end-points in these women remains to be determined by future prospective studies.
Utilization of routine ophthalmologic examinations in pregnant diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the appropriate frequency of ophthalmologic examinations for retinopathy during gestation in diabetics categorized according to White's classification. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective review was performed over the period of 1989-1994. Inclusion criterion for gestational diabetics was a late second or early third trimester ophthalmologic examination. Inclusion criteria for classes B-R were a first trimester and third trimester or early postpartum examinations. RESULTS: Of 300 charts reviewed, 100 met inclusion criteria. None of the gestational diabetics had retinopathy. Of class B patients (n = 21), 19% had retinopathy, with 11% progression in background retinopathy; none developed severe background or proliferative disease. In class C patients (n = 9), 56% had retinopathy, 33% with progression; none developed severe background or proliferative disease. Thirteen patients were class D; 92% had background retinopathy, in whom 45% showed progression, 31% with severe background retinopathy; none developed proliferative disease. Combined classes F, R, RF represented 13 patients; 100% demonstrated retinopathy; 46% progressed, 77% with proliferative disease; 15% required laser treatment during the pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Routine ophthalmologic examinations in gestational (class A) diabetics have little utility. Results suggest that the need for subsequent ophthalmologic examinations can be based upon White's classification and initial examination results. Classes B and C do not require every trimester eye examinations. Rigorous follow-up is warranted in classes D-R.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome in two Latin American populations.; Pregnancy complications and obstetric outcomes were compared in 80 Chilean (PPCOS(Ch)) and 70 Argentinian (PPCOS(Ar)) pregnant women. Reference groups of Chilean and Argentinian normal pregnant women from the same antenatal care units were also compared. PPCOS(Ch) showed a higher prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR, 2.28, 95% CI: 1.08-4.77, p = .030) and a lower prevalence of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) (OR, 0.20, 95% CI: 0.07-0.54, p = .001) compared to PPCOS(Ar). In the normal pregnant groups, the prevalence of PIH was lower in Chilean women compared to Argentinian women (OR, 0.24, 95% CI: 0.10-0.62, p = .001). Similar to the pattern observed in the normal populations, newborns from PPCOS(Ch) had higher birth weight and length compared with the newborns of PPCOS(Ar) (p = .006 and .014, respectively). In conclusion, differences in pregnancy complications and obstetric outcomes between Chilean and Argentinian pregnant women with PCOS could be determined by ethnic diversity together with environmental factors of both populations. Impact Statement What is already known on this subject: The reproductive and metabolic phenotypes of women with polycystic ovary syndrome vary between different populations, which could significantly influence the obstetric and neonatal outcomes in this syndrome. What the results of this study add: Pregnant women with PCOS from two Latin American countries (Chile and Argentina) exhibit differences in the prevalence of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension, and in the birth weight of their newborns. What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research: Ethnic diversity together with environmental factors are fundamental elements that must be considered in the management of pregnant women with PCOS.
Low physical activity levels 1 year after pregnancy complications.; OBJECTIVES: Women with previous preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Physical activity (PA) is an important CVD risk modifier. We aimed to assess PA levels, using a validated objective method, and other modifiable CVD risk factors in women with these previous pregnancy complications. STUDY DESIGN: One year postpartum we assessed PA levels for 1 week in women with previous PE (n = 68), GH (n = 26), GDM (n = 23), and normotensive pregnancies (n = 65), using the ActiGraph-wGT3X-BT™ accelerometer. OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed adherence to American PA guidelines (≥150 min/week of moderate or ≥75 min/week of vigorous intensity PA), and time spent in moderate and vigorous PA. We also assessed steps/day, blood pressure and anthropometric indices. RESULTS: Recommended PA levels were achieved in only 50%, 39%, and 35% following PE, GH, and GDM, respectively, not significantly different from controls (52%). Differences in moderate and vigorous PA levels and steps/day between the groups were non-significant, except from lower vigorous PA in women with previous GDM. Elevated blood pressure (systolic BP ≥ 120 mmHg and/or diastolic BP ≥ 80 mmHg) was more common after PE and GH. Overweight rates were significantly higher in PE, GH, and GDM groups compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Less than half of women achieved recommended PA levels 1 year postpartum. This did not differ significantly between women with previous PE, GH, or GDM compared to controls. Measures to increase PA in postpartum women are warranted, especially in women with pregnancy complications associated with high risk of premature CVD.
Branched-chain amino acids, history of gestational diabetes, and breastfeeding: The Bogalusa Heart Study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To examine the associations between history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and breastfeeding with branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) and their metabolites in later life. METHODS AND RESULTS: 638 women (mean age 48.0 y) who had participated in the Bogalusa Heart Study and substudies of pregnancy history had untargeted, ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectroscopy conducted by Metabolon© on serum samples. Metabolites were identified that were BCAA or associated with BCAA metabolic pathways. History of GDM at any pregnancy (self-reported, confirmed with medical records when possible) as well as breastfeeding were examined as predictors of BCAA using linear models, controlling for age, race, BMI, waist circumference, and menopausal status. None of the BCAA differed statistically by history of either GDM or breastfeeding, although absolute levels of each of the BCAA were higher with GDM and lower with breastfeeding. Of the 27 metabolites on the leucine, isoleucine and valine metabolism subpathway, 1-carboxyethylleucine, 1-carboxyethyvaline, and 3-hydroxy-2-ethylpropionate were higher in women with a history of GDM, but lower in women in women with a history of breastfeeding. Similar results were found for alpha-hydroxyisocaproate, 1-carboxyethylisoleucine, and N-acetylleucine. CONCLUSIONS: GDM and breastfeeding are associated in opposite directions with several metabolites on the BCAA metabolic pathway.
Prepregnancy body mass index is an independent risk factor for gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm labor, and small- and large-for-gestational-age infants.; OBJECTIVE: We examined if prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) is a risk factor for gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm labor, and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants with consideration of gestational weight gain, to document the importance of preconception versus prenatal stage. METHODS: We used the data of 219 868 women from 2004 to 2011 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS). Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to examine the effect of prepregnancy BMI for gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm labor, and SGA and LGA infants with consideration of gestational weight gain. RESULTS: Regardless of gestational weight gain, women with obese prepregnancy BMI (≥30 kg/m(2)) had increased odds of gestational hypertension (adjusted odds ratios (AOR) = 2.91; 95% CI = 2.76-3.07), gestational diabetes (2.78; 2.60-2.96), and LGA (1.87; 1.76-1.99) compared to women with normal prepregnancy BMI (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)). Women with underweight prepregnancy BMI (<18.5 kg/m(2)) had increased odds of preterm labor (1.25; 1.16-1.36) and SGA infants (1.36; 1.25-1.49), but decreased odds of LGA infants (0.72; 0.61-0.85) in reference to women with normal prepregnancy BMI (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)). CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of adequacy of gestational weight gain, the risk of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and LGA infants increases with obese prepregnancy BMI, whereas that of preterm labor and SGA infants increases with underweight prepregnancy BMI. Preconception care of reproductive aged women is as important as prenatal care to lower the risk of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm labor, and SGA and LGA infants.
Provoking factors for postpartum chronic hypertension in women with preceding gestational hypertension/preeclampsia: A longitudinal cohort study of 22,798 pregnancies.; Background: A proportion of women with pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension/preeclampsia (GH-PE) will have persistent postpartum chronic hypertension (CHTN). Common risk factors for postpartum CHTN include older age, pre-existing CHTN, smoking, pre-pregnancy obesity (elevated BMI), and co-morbidities such as thyroid disorders. However, most of explored risk factors are pre-pregnancy factors, and were mainly based on studies with small sample size. Methods: To investigate provoking pre-pregnancy and intra-pregnancy factors for postpartum CHTN in women with preceding GH-PE, the cohort study enrolled 22,798 index pregnancies to analyze individual characteristics, co-morbidities and postpartum outcomes after excluding women with pre-existing CHTN. Results: Among 2,132 GH-PE pregnancies, 428 (20.1%) were complicated with postpartum CHTN. After adjustment, logistic regression analysis revealed excessive pregnant weight gain (≥10 kgw at 28 weeks' gestation) (OR: 14.50, 95% CI: 11.02-19.08) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR: 6.25, 95% CI: 4.98-7.85) were major risk factors for developing CHTN, other than age (OR: 1.80, 95% CI: 1.68-1.93), pre-pregnancy BMI (OR: 3.15, 95% CI: 2.75-3.60), severity of GH-PE (OR: 2.46, 95% CI: 1.97-3.07), smoking (OR: 1.79, 95% CI: 1.35-2.38), and overt DM (OR: 2.30, 95% CI: 1.73-3.06). Conclusion: Excessive pregnant weight gain and GDM are major intra-pregnancy risk factors for postpartum CHTN in women with preceding GH-PE. Future studies should investigate interventions such as a healthy diet, appropriate physical exercise and avoidance of excessive pregnant weight gain as a means to reduce the frequency of CHTN following pregnancy.
Prepregnancy Roux-en-Y gastric bypass vs sleeve gastrectomy: a systematic review, pairwise, and network meta-analysis of obstetrical and neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to systematically investigate a wide range of obstetrical and neonatal outcomes with respect to 2 types of prepregnancy bariatric surgery, Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy, through: (1) providing a meta-analysis of the effect of bariatric surgery (Roux-en-Y gastric bypass vs no surgery and, separately, sleeve gastrectomy vs no surgery) on adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes, and (2) comparing the relative benefit of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass vs sleeve gastrectomy using both conventional and network meta-analysis. DATA SOURCES: We searched PubMed, Scopus, and Embase systematically from inception up to April 30, 2021. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Studies reporting on pregnancies' obstetrical and neonatal outcomes with respect to 2 types of prepregnancy bariatric surgery-Roux-en-Y gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy-were included. The included studies either indirectly compared between the procedure and controls or directly compared between the 2 procedures. METHODS: We performed a systematic review followed by pairwise and network meta-analysis in accordance with the PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines. In the pairwise analysis, multiple obstetrical and neonatal outcomes were tabulated and compared between 3 groups: (1) Roux-en-Y gastric bypass vs controls, (2) sleeve gastrectomy vs controls, and (3) Roux-en-Y gastric bypass vs sleeve gastrectomy. Primary outcomes included small for gestational age, large for gestational age, gestational hypertension/preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Secondary outcomes included preterm birth, anemia, cesarean delivery, and biochemical profile. The random-effects model was used to pool the mean differences or odds ratios and the corresponding 95% confidence intervals. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I(2) value. The Newcastle-Ottawa scale was used to assess individual study quality. To resolve inconclusive findings and to rank current treatments, network meta-analysis was conducted for the primary outcomes. Quality of evidence was assessed with the Confidence in Network Meta-Analysis approach and the GRADE (Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations) tool within the summary of findings table. RESULTS: A total of 20 studies were included, reporting on 40,108 pregnancies, of which 5194 underwent Roux-en-Y gastric bypass, 405 underwent sleeve gastrectomy, and 34,509 were controls. Compared with controls, Roux-en-Y gastric bypass increased the risk of small for gestational age infants (odds ratio, 2.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.77-3.70; I(2), 29.1%; P<.00001), decreased the risk of large for gestational age infants (odds ratio, 0.25; 95% confidence interval, 0.18-0.35; I(2), 0%; P<.00001), decreased gestational hypertension/preeclampsia (odds ratio, 0.54; 95% confidence interval, 0.30-0.97; I(2), 26.8%; P=.04), decreased gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 0.43; 95% confidence interval, 0.23-0.81; I(2), 32%; P=.008), increased maternal anemia (odds ratio, 2.70; 95% confidence interval, 1.53-4.79; I(2), 40.5%; P<.001), increased neonatal intensive care unit admission (odds ratio, 1.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.77; I(2), 0%; P=.02), and decreased mean gestational weight gain (mean difference, -3.37 kg; 95% confidence interval, -5.62 to -1.11; I(2), 65.3%; P=.003). Only 3 studies compared sleeve gastrectomy with controls, and found no significant differences in primary outcomes or in mean gestational weight gain. The network meta-analysis showed that Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (malabsorptive procedure) resulted in greater decrease of large for gestational age, gestational hypertension/preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus, and a greater increase in small for gestational age infants when compared with sleeve gastrectomy (restrictive procedure). However, the small number of studies, small number of sleeve gastrectomy patients, limited outcomes, and data heterogeneity resulted in low-to-moderate network GRADE of evidence. CONCLUSION: This network meta-analysis showed that Roux-en-Y gastric bypass, compared with sleeve gastrectomy, resulted in greater decrease in large for gestational age, gestational hypertension/preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus, but in greater increase in small for gestational age infants. Certainty of evidence in the network meta-analysis was of a low-to-moderate GRADE. Evidence is still lacking for periconception biochemical profile, congenital malformations, and reproductive health outcomes for both interventions; thus, future well-designed prospective studies are needed to further characterize these outcomes.
Identification of hub-methylated differentially expressed genes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus by multi-omic WGCNA basing epigenome-wide and transcriptome-wide profiling.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as dysglycaemia that is detected during pregnancy for the first time, has become a global health burden. GDM was found to be correlated to epigenetic changes, which would cause abnormal expression of placental genes. In the present study, we performed multi-omic weighted gene coexpression network analysis (WGCNA) to systematically identify the hub genes for GDM using both epigenome- and transcriptome-wide microarray data. Two microarray datasets (GSE70493 and GSE70494) were downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database. GEO2R was used to screen differentially expressed genes (DEGs) and differentially methylated genes (DMGs) between normal and GDM samples, separately. The results of WGCNA found that 15 modules were identified and the MEblack module had a significantly negative correlation with GDM (r = -.28, P = .03). GO enrichment analysis by BinGO of the MEblack module showed that genes were primarily enriched for the presentation of antigen processing, regulation of interferon-α production and interferon-γ-mediated signaling pathway. By comparing the DEGs, DMGs and hub genes in the coexpression network, we identified five hypermethylated, lowly expressed genes (ABLIM1, GRHL1, HLA-F, NDRG1, and SASH1) and one hypomethylated, highly expressed gene (EIF3F) as GDM-related hub DMGs. Moreover, the expression levels of ABLIM1, GRHL1, HLA-F, NDRG1, and SASH11 in the GDM patients and healthy controls were validated by a real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Finally, gene set enrichment analysis showed that the biological function of cardiac muscle contraction was enriched for four GDM-related hub DMGs (ABLIM1, GRHL1, NDRG1, and SASH1). Analysis of this study revealed that dysmethylated hub genes in GDM placentas might affect the placental function and thus, take part in GDM pathogenesis and fetal cardiac development.
Carbohydrate metabolism in gestational diabetes: effect of chronic hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether the coexistence of chronic hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is characterized by a greater impairment of carbohydrate metabolism than GDM alone. METHODS: Carbohydrate metabolism of eight women with chronic hypertensive GDM and 15 normotensive women with GDM was evaluated in the third trimester using the oral glucose tolerance test (GTT) and hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp technique. Controls were ten normotensive, glucose-tolerant, pregnant women in the third trimester. RESULTS: Insulin sensitivity of women with chronic hypertension and GDM was approximately twofold lower than those with GDM only (1.54+/-0.35 versus 4.15+/-0.31, P < .001) and approximately fivefold lower than controls (1.54+/-0.35 versus 7.65+/-0.66, P < .001). Women with chronic hypertension and concomitant GDM had higher insulin levels in response to GTT than controls (P < .001 repeated measures analysis of variance). In all subjects, mean arterial pressure (MAP) had a strong negative correlation with maternal insulin sensitivity (r = -0.62, P < .001). Significant correlation was also found between percent of body fat and insulin sensitivity (r = -0.53, P < .002). Those regressions were still significant when adjusted for percent of body fat and MAP. CONCLUSION: Gravidas with chronic hypertension and GDM are more insulin resistant than those with GDM alone. Blood pressure, in a population of pregnant women with normal and abnormal carbohydrate metabolism, is a stronger predictor of insulin resistance than adiposity.
Fetal Hemodynamics and Fetal Growth Indices by Ultrasound in Late Pregnancy and Birth Weight in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are prone to macrosomia. However, birth weight is difficult to be correctly estimated by ultrasound because of fetal asymmetric growth characteristics. This study aimed to investigate the correlations between fetal hemodynamics, fetal growth indices in late pregnancy, and birth weight in GDM. METHODS: A total of 147 women with GDM and 124 normal controls (NC) were enrolled in this study. Fetal hemodynamic indices, including the systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D), resistance index (RI), pulsatility index (PI) of umbilical artery (UA), middle cerebral artery (MCA), and renal artery (RA), were collected. Fetal growth indices, including biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), and femur length, were also measured by ultrasound. Birth weight, newborn gender, and maternal clinical data were collected. RESULTS: The independent samples t-test showed that BPD, HC, and AC were larger in GDM than in NC (P < 0.05). Fetal hemodynamic indices of the UA and MCA were lower (P < 0.05), but those of the RA were higher (P < 0.001) in GDM than in NC. Birth weight was higher in GDM than in NC (P < 0.001). Pearson's correlation analysis showed that hemodynamic indices of the UA were negatively correlated with birth weight, BPD, HC, and AC in both groups (P < 0.05). MCA (S/D, PI, and RI) was negatively correlated with birth weight, HC, and AC in GDM (r = -0.164, -0.206, -0.200, -0.226, -0.189, -0.179, -0.196, -0.177, and - 0.172, respectively, P< 0.05), but there were no correlations in NC (P > 0.05). RA (S/D, PI, and RI) was positively correlated with birth weight in GDM (r = 0.168, 0.207, and 0.184, respectively, P< 0.05), but there were no correlations in NC (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Fetal hemodynamic indices in late pregnancy might be helpful for estimating newborn birth weight in women with GDM.
'Turning the tide' on hyperglycemia in pregnancy: insights from multiscale dynamic simulation modeling.; INTRODUCTION: Hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP, including gestational diabetes and pre-existing type 1 and type 2 diabetes) is increasing, with associated risks to the health of women and their babies. Strategies to manage and prevent this condition are contested. Dynamic simulation models (DSM) can test policy and program scenarios before implementation in the real world. This paper reports the development and use of an advanced DSM exploring the impact of maternal weight status interventions on incidence of HIP. METHODS: A consortium of experts collaboratively developed a hybrid DSM of HIP, comprising system dynamics, agent-based and discrete event model components. The structure and parameterization drew on a range of evidence and data sources. Scenarios comparing population-level and targeted prevention interventions were simulated from 2018 to identify the intervention combination that would deliver the greatest impact. RESULTS: Population interventions promoting weight loss in early adulthood were found to be effective, reducing the population incidence of HIP by 17.3% by 2030 (baseline ('business as usual' scenario)=16.1%, 95% CI 15.8 to 16.4; population intervention=13.3%, 95% CI 13.0 to 13.6), more than targeted prepregnancy (5.2% reduction; incidence=15.3%, 95% CI 15.0 to 15.6) and interpregnancy (4.2% reduction; incidence=15.5%, 95% CI 15.2 to 15.8) interventions. Combining targeted interventions for high-risk groups with population interventions promoting healthy weight was most effective in reducing HIP incidence (28.8% reduction by 2030; incidence=11.5, 95% CI 11.2 to 11.8). Scenarios exploring the effect of childhood weight status on entry to adulthood demonstrated significant impact in the selected outcome measure for glycemic regulation, insulin sensitivity in the short term and HIP in the long term. DISCUSSION: Population-level weight reduction interventions will be necessary to 'turn the tide' on HIP. Weight reduction interventions targeting high-risk individuals, while beneficial for those individuals, did not significantly impact forecasted HIP incidence rates. The importance of maintaining interventions promoting healthy weight in childhood was demonstrated.
Pregnancy in diabetic woman with coexisting hypothyroidism, coronary artery disease and with early onset nephrotic syndrome--a case report.; We present a case of pregnancy in 28-years old nulliparous woman with an over 20-years long history of diabetes, hypothyroidism, diabetic nephropathy with nephrotic syndrome, retinopathy and coronary artery disease treated with PCA prior the pregnancy (class H diabetes, according to White classification).
Predictive Metabolomic Markers in Early to Mid-pregnancy for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Test and Validation Study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes pregnant individuals to perinatal complications and long-term diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. We developed and validated metabolomic markers for GDM in a prospective test-validation study. In a case-control sample within the PETALS cohort (GDM n = 91 and non-GDM n = 180; discovery set), a random PETALS subsample (GDM n = 42 and non-GDM n = 372; validation set 1), and a case-control sample within the GLOW trial (GDM n = 35 and non-GDM n = 70; validation set 2), fasting serum untargeted metabolomics were measured by gas chromatography/time-of-flight mass spectrometry. Multivariate enrichment analysis examined associations between metabolites and GDM. Ten-fold cross-validated LASSO regression identified predictive metabolomic markers at gestational weeks (GW) 10-13 and 16-19 for GDM. Purinone metabolites at GW 10-13 and 16-19 and amino acids, amino alcohols, hexoses, indoles, and pyrimidine metabolites at GW 16-19 were positively associated with GDM risk (false discovery rate <0.05). A 17-metabolite panel at GW 10-13 outperformed the model using conventional risk factors, including fasting glycemia (area under the curve: discovery 0.871 vs. 0.742, validation 1 0.869 vs. 0.731, and validation 2 0.972 vs. 0.742; P < 0.01). Similar results were observed with a 13-metabolite panel at GW 17-19. Dysmetabolism is present early in pregnancy among individuals progressing to GDM. Multimetabolite panels in early pregnancy can predict GDM risk beyond conventional risk factors.
The usefulness of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels and tissue doppler echocardiography for heart function in term infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine whether asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) concentrations are associated with ventricular function in the infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. METHOD: Twenty-five term newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes and term newborns as the control group (n = 25) with normal general health status were evaluated at two time points, on the 3rd postnatal day, at the 3th months. Echocardiographic evaluations of all participants were performed and ADMA level was measured. RESULTS: In the first analysis, 10 patients (40%) had a septal thickness of 6 mm or more, indicating septal hypertrophy. In the first and second analysis, interventricular septum end-diastolic thickness (IVSTd) and the left ventricular posterior wall end-diastolic thickness (LVPWTd) in the patient group were higher than the control group. ADMA level measurement was not significantly different between the groups the first and second analysis. There was no difference in ADMA levels of the group with septal thickness ≥6 mm and the group with <6 mm. CONCLUSION: Newborn cardiac wall thickness was increased in pregnancies complicated by Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the increase was independent of glycemic control. Diastolic newborn cardiac function was impaired in GDM, and this effect was independent of septal thickness. We found no association between ADMA levels and cardiac systolic, diastolic functions or septum thickness in the GDM newborn.
Considering gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension history across two pregnancies in relationship to cardiovascular disease development: A retrospective cohort study.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertension (GHTN) occurrences signal elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. There is little study of occurrence and recurrence of these conditions in relationship to CVD. Among women with two singleton pregnancies, we aimed to quantify CVD risk in relationship to the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences. METHODS: In this Quebec-based retrospective cohort study (n = 431,980), we ascertained the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences over two pregnancies and assessed for CVD over a median of 16.4 years (cohort inception 1990-2012, outcomes 1990-2019). We defined CVD as a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and angina, requiring hospitalization and/or causing death. We adjusted Cox proportional hazards models for offspring size, preterm/term birth status, maternal age group, time between deliveries, ethnicity, deprivation level, and co-morbid conditions. RESULTS: Compared to absence of GDM/GHTN in either pregnancy, one GDM/GHTN occurrence increased CVD hazards by 47% (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.47, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.35-1.61), two occurrences nearly doubled hazards (HR = 1.91, 95% CI 1.68-2.17), and three or more approximately tripled CVD hazards (HR = 2.93, 95% CI 2.20-3.90). Individual components of the composite demonstrated similar findings. CONCLUSIONS: Health care providers and mothers should consider a complete history of GDM/GHTN occurrences to ascertain the importance and urgency of preventive action.
Feasibility and effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancies to improve risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of a postpartum lifestyle intervention after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction (FGR) and/or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) to improve maternal risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease. METHODS: Women following a complicated pregnancy were included six months postpartum in this specific pre-post controlled designed study. It has been conducted in one tertiary and three secondary care hospitals (intervention group) and one secondary care hospital (control group). The program consisted of a computer-tailored health education program combined with three individual counselling sessions during seven months. Primary outcome measures were the proportion of eligible women and weight change during the intervention. RESULTS: Two hundred and six women were willing to participate. The proportion of eligible women who complied with the intervention was 23%. Major barrier was lack of time. Adjusted weight change attributed to lifestyle intervention was -1.9 kg (95%-CI -4.3 to -0.3). Further changes were BMI (-0.9 kg/m(2) (95%-CI -1.4 to -0.3)), waist-to-hip ratio (-0.04 cm/cm (95%-CI -0.06 to -0.03)), blood pressure medication use (19% (95%-CI 9% to 28%)), HOMA2-score (59 %S (95%-CI 18 to 99)) and total fat intake (-2.9 gr (95%-CI -4.6 to -1.2)). CONCLUSIONS: The results support feasibility and effectiveness of a lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancies to improve maternal cardiometabolic risk factors. Further randomized controlled studies are needed with longer follow-up to evaluate durability. In the meantime, we suggest health care professionals to offer lifestyle interventions to women after complicated pregnancies.
Impact of insulin resistance on pregnancy complications and outcome in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; The aim of the study was to determine the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH)/pre-eclampsia in a cohort of pregnant women with the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and known insulin sensitivity status. Pregnancies and neonatal outcome were recorded in a prospective cohort study comprising 29 non-insulin-resistant PCOS women, 23 insulin-resistant PCOS women and a control group of 355 women who had conceived after assisted reproduction. Hypertension, pre-eclampsia and GDM were recorded as well as pregnancy duration, method of delivery and birth weight. The frequency of hypertension was significantly elevated in PCOS women (11.5%) compared to controls (0.3%), p < 0.01. However, the frequency of pre-eclampsia was significantly elevated only in the insulin resistant PCOS women (13.5%) compared to controls (7.0%), p < 0.02. GDM was significantly more frequent in PCOS women (7.7%) than controls (0.6%), p < 0.01. Insulin resistance prior to pregnancy, determined by continuous infusion of glucose with model assessment (CIGMA) test, did not further increase the frequency of GDM. Newborns from PCOS pregnancies were significantly more often delivered by Caesarean section than controls (40.3 vs. 27.3%, p < 0.05) and transferred to neonatal intensive care unit more often than controls (19.2 vs. 9.0%, p < 0.01). Thus we show that the frequencies of pre-eclampsia and GDM are increased in PCOS pregnancies.
Incretins, Pregnancy, and Gestational Diabetes.; The number of pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing among Caucasians, and East Asians. GDM also increases the risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, and cardiovascular disease in both women and their offspring. The underlying mechanism of GDM is not fully elucidated. Incretins such as glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), have been suggested to have a role in maternal metabolism and weight as well as fetal growth. These hormones might be implicated in mechanisms that compensate for the increment in glycemia and insulin resistance seen during pregnancy, while other factors, such as heredity, environment and lifestyle, but also different race/ethnic background might also lead to the comorbid health problems. Some studies indicate that pregnancy is associated with a diminished GLP-1 response which is more prominently evident in women with GDM and normalizes after delivery. Postprandial GIP level seems to be unaffected by pregnancy, despite its increased level in GDM. On the other hand, the reduced incretin effect observed in GDM may represent a risk factor for obesity, T2DM and metabolic disorders even in the offspring of these women. Further investigations are needed to establish the exact role of incretins in pregnancy and gestational glucose intolerance.
Prediction of fetal acidaemia in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus by biophysical profile scoring and fetal heart rate monitoring.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether computer assisted fetal heart rate analysis or the biophysical profile score can provide noninvasive prediction of fetal acidaemia. DESIGN: Cross sectional study. SETTING: Harris Birthright Research Centre for Fetal Medicine, King's College Hospital School of Medicine, London. SUBJECTS: Forty-one women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. INTERVENTIONS: Fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring with computer assisted analysis, biophysical profile score (BPS) and cordocentesis for measurement of umbilical venous blood glucose concentration and blood gases, up to 24 h before delivery at 27 to 39 weeks gestation. RESULTS: The mean umbilical venous blood pH was significantly lower than the normal mean for gestation, and was below the 5th centile in 18 pregnancies, including all six cases where the mother had nephropathy and hypertension. The mean pO2 was not significantly different from the normal mean for gestation. There were significant associations between fetal acidaemia and both the BPS (r = 0.46, P < 0.01) and FHR variation (r = 0.42, P < 0.01). However, of the 12 acidaemic fetuses of non-nephropathic mothers, nine had normal BPS and six had normal FHR variation. CONCLUSIONS: In pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus, BPS and FHR variation are of limited value in the prediction of fetal blood pH.
Increased tissue kallikrein amidase activity in urine of patients with type 1 diabetes under insulin therapy, and in those with gestational diabetes mellitus not under insulin therapy.; Human tissue kallikrein (hK1) is reduced in hypertension, cardiovascular and renal diseases. There is little information on the participation of hK1 in type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM), type 2 DM, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), respectively. The aim of this study was to evaluate the roles of insulin and hyperglycemia on urinary hK1 activity in type 1 DM and in GDM. Forty-three type 1 DM patients (5-35 years, disease duration ≤ 5years, receiving insulin, HbA(1c)>7.6%) were selected. Forty-three healthy individuals, paired according to gender and age, were used as controls. Thirty GDM patients (18-42 years, between the 24th and 37th week of pregnancy, recently diagnosed, not under insulin therapy) were also selected. Thirty healthy pregnant (18-42years, between the 24th and 37th week of pregnancy) and 30 healthy non-pregnant women (18-42years) were selected as controls. Random midstream urine was used. hK1 amidase activity was estimated with D-Val-Leu-Arg-Nan substrate. Creatinine was determined by Jaffe's method. hK1 specific amidase activity was expressed as μM/(minmg creatinine) to correct for differences in urine flow rate. hK1 specific amidase activity was significantly higher in the urine of type 1 DM than in controls, and in the urine of GDM patients than in healthy pregnant women and healthy non-pregnant women, respectively. The data suggest that hyperglycemia, rather than insulin, is involved in the mechanism of increased hK1 specific amidase activity in both type 1 DM and GDM patients, respectively.
High Maternal Triglyceride Levels Mediate the Association between Pre-Pregnancy Overweight/Obesity and Macrosomia among Singleton Term Non-Diabetic Pregnancies: A Prospective Cohort Study in Central China.; This study aimed at examining the risk of macrosomia, in relation to maternal pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity mediated via high maternal triglyceride (mTG) levels. In this prospective study, 24,730 singleton term non-diabetic pregnancies were finally included. Serum mTG levels were measured using fasting blood samples that were collected after 28 weeks of gestation. High mTG levels were defined as values ≥ the 90th percentile. The outcome of interest was macrosomia (≥4000 g). Log-binomial regression was used to assess the mediation path between overweight/obesity, high mTG levels, and macrosomia. The mediation analysis found a total effect of overweight on macrosomia of 0.006 (95% CI, 0.001-0.010), including a direct effect of 0.005 (95% CI, 0.001, 0.009) and indirect effect of 0.001 (95% CI, 0.000-0.001), with an estimated proportion of 11.1% mediated by high mTG levels. Additionally, we also found a total effect of obesity on macrosomia of 0.026 (95% CI, 0.018-0.036), including a direct effect of 0.025 (95% CI, 0.017-0.036) and indirect effect of 0.001 (95% CI, 0.000-0.001), with an estimated proportion of 3.8% mediated by high mTG levels. In conclusion, non-diabetic women with overweight or obesity had an increased risk of macrosomia, and this positive association was partly mediated by high mTG levels.
The postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with isolated hyperglycemia at 1-hour on the oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an enhanced cardiovascular risk factor profile at 3-months postpartum and an elevated risk of future cardiovascular disease, as compared to their peers. Recently, it has emerged that even mild dysglycemia on antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) predicts an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease, although it is not known whether there exists an identifiable high-risk subgroup within this patient population. Since gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) due to isolated hyperglycemia at 1-h during the OGTT (1-h GIGT) bears metabolic similarity to GDM, we hypothesized that, like GDM, 1-h GIGT may predict a high-risk postpartum cardiovascular phenotype. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this prospective cohort study, 485 women underwent antepartum OGTT, followed by cardiovascular risk factor assessment at 3-months postpartum. The antepartum OGTT identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); 1-h GIGT (n = 39); GIGT at 2- or 3-h (2/3-h GIGT)(n = 50); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT)(n = 259). After adjustment for age, ethnicity, breastfeeding and waist circumference, mean levels of the following cardiovascular risk factors progressively increased from NGT to 2/3-h GIGT to 1-h GIGT to GDM: LDL cholesterol (p = 0.0026); total cholesterol:HDL (p = 0.0030); apolipoprotein B (p = 0.004); apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A1 (p = 0.026); leptin (p = 0.018); and C-reactive protein (p = 0.011). CONCLUSIONS: Amongst women without GDM, 1-h GIGT predicts an enhanced postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. It thus emerges, that amongst young women with mild dysglycemia in pregnancy, those with 1-h GIGT may comprise an unrecognized patient population at risk for future cardiovascular disease.
Interpregnancy weight change and adverse maternal outcomes: a retrospective cohort study.; PURPOSE: Examine associations between interpregnancy body mass index (BMI) change (difference in the pre-pregnancy BMIs of two consecutive pregnancies) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GHtn), primary cesarean delivery, and vaginal birth after cesarean delivery (VBAC). METHODS: Modified Poisson regression models estimated adjusted associations. RESULTS: Every 1-unit increase in interpregnancy BMI increased risks of GDM (relative risk [RR]: 1.09; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.07-1.11), PE (RR: 1.06; 95% CI, 1.04-1.09), GHtn (RR: 1.08; 95% CI, 1.06-1.10), and primary cesarean delivery (RR: 1.03; 95% CI, 1.01-1.05) and decreased the risk of a successful VBAC (RR: 0.98; 95% CI: 0.97-0.997) in the second pregnancy. A BMI increase of ≥3 units increased risks of GDM (RR: 1.71, 95% CI, 1.52-1.93), PE (RR: 1.60, 95% CI, 1.33-1.94), GHtn (RR: 1.66, 95% CI, 1.42-1.94), and primary cesarean delivery (RR: 1.29, 95% CI, 1.12-1.49) and decreased the risk of a successful VBAC (RR: 0.89; 95% CI, 0.80-0.99) compared to women with interpregnancy BMI change within -1 and +1 unit. GDM was also increased among women increasing their BMI by ≥2 but <3 units (RR: 1.40; 95% CI, 1.21-1.61) and among those gaining ≥1 but <2 units (RR: 1.23; 95% CI, 1.08-1.40). CONCLUSION: An interpregnancy BMI increase of ≥3 units is associated with an increased risk of all outcomes. These findings emphasize the importance of interpregnancy weight management.
C-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher insulin resistance and/or reduced secretion, an increased risk of future diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which may be due to a pathological activation of the innate immune system. C-reactive protein (CRP) is induced by inflammatory cytokines and reflects innate immune activity. We investigated the prospective associations between CRP during the perinatal period with adverse metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with previous GDM. METHODS: We analyzed data from the MySweetheart trial that included 211 women with GDM at 28-32 weeks gestational age (GA). CRP was measured during  pregnancy at 28-32 weeks GA, at 6-8 weeks and at 1 year postpartum. Metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum included weight, total and central body fat, measures of insulin resistance and secretion and presence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to measure glucose and insulin values every 30 min over 2 h to calculate indices of insulin resistance (MATSUDA, HOMA-IR) and of absolute (AUC(ins/glu), HOMA-B) and insulin resistance-adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2). RESULTS: CRP during pregnancy and at 6-8 weeks postpartum predicted increased weight, body fat and visceral adipose tissue (VAT), insulin resistance (higher HOMA-IR, lower MATSUDA), absolute insulin secretion (HOMA-B, AUC(ins/glu)), a reduced adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2) and a higher prevalence of the MetS at 1 year postpartum (all p ≤ 0.036). These relationships particularly those concerning CRP during pregnancy, were independent of weight ( for VAT, insulin resistance and secretion indices, MetS; all p ≤ 0.032) and of body fat ( for VAT, MATSUDA, MetS; all p ≤ 0.038).  CONCLUSION: CRP during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicted an adverse cardio-metabolic profile in women with prior GDM at 1 year postpartum independent of weight. The prospective association of CRP with increased insulin resistance and reduced adjusted insulin secretion hint to the role of inflammation in the development of impaired metabolism after GDM and could be used as an early marker for risk stratification.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in twin and singleton pregnancies: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the risk of adverse maternal and perinatal complications between twin and singleton pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus and the respective group without gestational diabetes mellitus (controls). DATA SOURCES: A literature search was performed using MEDLINE, Embase, and Cochrane from January 1980 to May 2023. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Observational studies reporting maternal and perinatal outcomes in singleton and/or twin pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus vs controls were included. METHODS: This was a systematic review and meta-analysis. Pooled estimate risk ratios with 95% confidence intervals were generated to determine the likelihood of adverse pregnancy outcomes between twin and singleton pregnancies with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. Heterogeneity among studies was evaluated in the model and expressed using the I(2) statistic. A P value of <.05 was considered statistically significant. The meta-analyses were performed using Review Manager (RevMan Web). Version 5.4. The Cochrane Collaboration, 2020. Meta-regression was used to compare relative risks between singleton and twin pregnancies. The addition of multiple covariates into the models was used to address the lack of adjustments. RESULTS: Overall, 85 studies in singleton pregnancies and 27 in twin pregnancies were included. In singleton pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, compared with controls, there were increased risks of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (relative risk, 1.85; 95% confidence interval, 1.69-2.01), induction of labor (relative risk, 1.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-1.77), cesarean delivery (relative risk, 1.31; 95% confidence interval, 1.24-1.38), large-for-gestational-age neonate (relative risk, 1.61; 95% confidence interval, 1.46-1.77), preterm birth (relative risk, 1.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.27-1.46), and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (relative risk, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.38-1.49). In twin pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, compared with controls, there were increased risks of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (relative risk, 1.69; 95% confidence interval, 1.51-1.90), cesarean delivery (relative risk, 1.10; 95% confidence interval, 1.06-1.13), large-for-gestational-age neonate (relative risk, 1.29; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.60), preterm birth (relative risk, 1.19; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.32), and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (relative risk, 1.20; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-1.32) and reduced risks of small-for-gestational-age neonate (relative risk, 0.89; 95% confidence interval, 0.81-0.97) and neonatal death (relative risk, 0.50; 95% confidence interval, 0.39-0.65). When comparing relative risks in singleton vs twin pregnancies, there was sufficient evidence to suggest that twin pregnancies have a lower relative risk of cesarean delivery (P=.003), have sufficient adjustment for confounders, and have lower relative risks of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (P=.005), stillbirths (P=.002), and neonatal death (P=.001) than singleton pregnancies. CONCLUSION: In both singleton and twin pregnancies, gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. In twin pregnancies, gestational diabetes mellitus may have a milder effect on some adverse perinatal outcomes and may be associated with a lower risk of neonatal death.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Gestational Diabetes: A Pilot Study of the Role of the Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal Axis.; STUDY OBJECTIVES: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This propensity toward heightened insulin resistance in OSA patients has not been well characterized and may be related to dysregulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. The aim of this study was to (1) assess the prevalence of OSA in pregnant women with GDM, (2) evaluate whether HPA axis dysregulation relates to OSA, and (3) investigate the relation between insulin resistance and OSA. We hypothesized that OSA is prevalent among pregnant women with GDM and that women with OSA will have higher levels of insulin resistance and dysregulation of the HPA axis. METHODS: Twenty-five pregnant women in whom GDM was diagnosed were enrolled. Subjects answered sleep questionnaires and underwent in-home sleep studies using a level III device. The presence of OSA was defined by apnea-hypopnea index ≥ 5 events/h. Homeostasis Model Assessment of insulin resistance was derived from measurements of fasting glucose and C-peptide levels. Three salivary cortisol levels were obtained across 1 day to assess circadian variation. Multivariable linear regression analyses were used to assess associations between variables. RESULTS: The sample consisted of 54% Caucasian pregnant women with a median body mass index of 36.1 and interquartile ratio of 10.6 kg/m(2). OSA was diagnosed in 17% of participants. Circadian variation of cortisol was preserved in women with OSA. Women with OSA displayed blunted cortisol awakening responses. CONCLUSIONS: OSA is prevalent in women with GDM. OSA is associated with preserved circadian variation and blunted cortisol awakening responses.
Effect of high-fat diet on the fatty acid profiles of brain in offspring mice exposed to maternal gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Fatty acids play a critical role in the proper functioning of the brain. This study investigated the effects of a high-fat (HF) diet on brain fatty acid profiles of offspring exposed to maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Insulin receptor antagonist (S961) and HF diet were used to establish the GDM animal model. Brain fatty acid profiles of the offspring mice were measured by gas chromatography at weaning and adulthood. Protein expressions of the fatty acid transport pathway Wnt3/β-catenin and the target protein major facilitator superfamily domain-containing 2a (MFSD2a) were measured in the offspring brain by Western blot. RESULTS: Maternal GDM increased the body weight of male offspring (P < 0.05). In weaning offspring, factorial analysis showed that maternal GDM increased the monounsaturated fatty acid (MUFA) percentage of the weaning offspring's brain (P < 0.05). Maternal GDM decreased offspring brain arachidonic acid (AA), but HF diet increased brain linoleic acid (LA) (P < 0.05). Maternal GDM and HF diet reduced offspring brain docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and the male offspring had higher DHA than the female offspring (P < 0.05). In adult offspring, factorial analysis showed that HF diet increased brain MUFA in offspring, and male offspring had higher brain MUFA than female offspring (P < 0.05). The HF diet increased brain LA in the offspring. Male offspring had higher level of AA than female offspring (P < 0.05). HF diet reduced DHA in the brains of female offspring. The brain protein expression of β-catenin and MFSD2a in both weaning and adult female offspring was lower in the HF + GDM group than in the CON group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal GDM increased the susceptibility of male offspring to HF diet-induced obesity. HF diet-induced adverse brain fatty acid profiles in both male and female offspring exposed to GDM.
Preferred lifestyle intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of postpartum women following cardiometabolic pregnancy complications.; BACKGROUND: Women with cardiometabolic pregnancy complications are at increased risk of future diabetes and heart disease which can be reduced through lifestyle management postpartum. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to explore preferred intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of women with or without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications for engaging in postpartum lifestyle interventions. DESIGN: Quantitative cross-sectional study. METHODS: Online survey. RESULTS: Overall, 473 women were included, 207 (gestational diabetes (n = 105), gestational hypertension (n = 39), preeclampsia (n = 35), preterm birth (n = 65) and small for gestational age (n = 23)) with and 266 without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications. Women with and without complications had similar intervention preferences, with delivery ideally by a healthcare professional with expertise in women's health, occurring during maternal child health nurse visits or online, commencing 7 weeks to 3 months post birth, with 15- to 30-min monthly sessions, lasting 1 year and including monitoring of progress and social support. Women with prior complications preferred intervention content on women's health, mental health, exercise, mother's diet and their children's health and needed to know more about how to change behaviour, have more time to do it and feel they want to do it enough to participate. There were significant differences between groups, with more women with prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications wanting content on women's health (87.9% vs 80.8%, p = 0.037), mother's diet (72.5% vs 60.5%, p = 0.007), preventing diabetes or heart disease (43.5% vs 27.4%, p < 0.001) and exercise after birth (78.3% vs 68.0%, p = 0.014), having someone to monitor their progress (69.6% vs 58.6%, p = 0.014), needing the necessary materials (47.3% vs 37.6%, p = 0.033), triggers to prompt them (44.0% vs 31.6%, p = 0.006) and feeling they want to do it enough (73.4%, 63.2%, p = 0.018). CONCLUSION: These unique preferences should be considered in future postpartum lifestyle interventions to enhance engagement, improve health and reduce risk of future cardiometabolic disease in these high-risk women.
Occurrence of an aortic arch anomaly in two siblings born to a diabetic mother.; A patient with interruption of aortic arch type A, born to a diabetic mother, is described. The patient, a male infant, was the fourth child of a 29-year-old mother, and had a sibling with coarctation of the aorta. The mother had been treated for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus for the previous 10 years. The infant died on the 3rd day of life after symptoms of cardiogenic shock. To our knowledge, interruption of aortic arch type A has not been previously described in infants of diabetic mothers. The relevance of the case is discussed and the literature reviewed.
Predicting adverse perinatal outcomes with fetal modified myocardial performance index and epicardial fat tissue thickness in diabetes-complicated pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate fetal modified myocardial performance index (mod-MPI) and fetal epicardial fat tissue (EFT) thickness and its association with adverse perinatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study including 90 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 45 pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 90 healthy pregnant women (control group). Two-dimensional gray-scale and Doppler fetal echocardiography were used to calculate the mod-MPI. EFT thickness was measured in the hypoechogenic area between the myocardium and the visceral pericardium on the right ventricle by distinguishing it from the pericardial fluid by Doppler ultrasound. RESULTS: Both mod-MPI values and EFT thickness were significantly higher in diabetic pregnant women (p<0.001; for both). No significant differences were observed in mod-MPI values and EFT thickness between pregnant women with GDM and PGDM. In addition, there was no significant difference in fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thicknesses among diabetic pregnant women based on their treatment requirements. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve revealed that mod-MPI value (cut-off 0.54, 95% CI: 0.629-0.837, p<0.001, sensitivity 64.6%, specificity 61.7%) and EFT thickness (cut-off 1.85 mm, 95% CI: 0.524-0.750, p=0.014, sensitivity 65.8%, specificity 63.9%) could predict adverse neonatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that both mod-MPI (p=0.003) and EFT thickness (p=0.008) were independently associated with adverse outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thickness increase in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and these measurements may serve as valuable predictors of adverse perinatal outcomes.
Decreased flow-mediated dilation in gestational diabetes in pregnancy and post-partum. A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical complication during pregnancy. Endothelial dysfunction is considered an early step in the progression of atherosclerosis that may contribute to subclinical target organ damage. This meta-analysis aimed to systemically review the existing data regarding endothelial dysfunction between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and post-partum using flow-mediated dilation (FMD). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eligible studies (cohort and observational) published until October 2021 were identified in the MEDLINE, Scopus, Cochrane Library database and grey literature sources were searched. RESULTS: The search yielded 2272 studies, of which 17 were fully reviewed and 12 studies (N = 740 pregnant women) were finally included. Pregnant women with GDM exhibited a significantly lower FMD compared to pregnant women without GDM (pooled mean difference -3.12; 95% CI -5.36 to -0.88). Moreover, in the immediate (1-6 months) post-partum period, women with previous GDM showed lower FMD compared to healthy women without GDM history (pooled mean difference -7.52; 95% CI -9.44 to -5.59), whereas FMD did not differ in the late post-partum period (more than 4 years). CONCLUSIONS: Flow-mediated dilation is decreased in women with GDM during pregnancy and in the immediate post-partum period, compared to women without GDM, indicating that the endothelial dysfunction noted during the pregnancy in those women persists in the immediate post-partum period too. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42021283113 (www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov).
Association Between Changes in Postpartum Weight and Waist Circumference and Changes in Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 30% to 70% risk for developing type 2 diabetes and are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about how anthropometric changes in the first postpartum year modify cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: We randomly assigned women in the Balance After Baby study to an intervention group consisting of participation in a web-based lifestyle program or to a control group in which no program was offered. We measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, insulin, adiponectin, interleukin-6, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and we conducted 2-hour oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. We evaluated whether women assigned to the intervention had improved cardiometabolic risk markers compared with the control group. We then conducted a post-hoc analysis, pooling the 2 groups to compare changes in weight and waist circumference with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS: Women in the intervention group did not significantly improve cardiometabolic risk markers compared with women in the control group. We noted a large overlap of weight change and change in waist circumference between groups. In our post-hoc analysis pooling groups, changes in diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were significantly correlated with changes in weight and waist circumference. The strongest associations were observed for fasting insulin, HOMA, and fasting glucose. CONCLUSION: Anthropometric changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent GDM may affect cardiometabolic risk factors, even in the first postpartum year. Our study demonstrates the importance of the postpartum year as an opportunity to decrease future risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with a history of GDM.
Usefulness of blood pressure monitoring in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated to an increased risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) has been used to detect PIH and preeclampsia, but few data are currently available on its use in women with GDM. The aim of this study was to achieve early identification in women with GDM of BP profiles (detected by ABPM) that could define a population at greater risk of developing PIH and preeclampsia. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective study of 93 normotensive women with GDM in whom 24-h ABPM was performed (using a Spacelabs 90207 monitor) at 28-32 weeks of pregnancy. Clinical and laboratory variable and obstetric and perinatal outcomes were analyzed. RESULTS: Mean age was 34.8±4.39years, and 5.4% of patients developed PIH. Higher levels of HbA1c (P=.005) and microalbumin (P=.001) were seen in patients with PIH. Patients with non-dipper patterns (50.5%) had higher values of night-time systolic BP (106.7 vs 98.4mmHg) and night-time diastolic BP (64.8 vs 57.2mmHg) (P<.001). Lower birth weights (3,084.57 vs 3,323.7) (P=.021) and shorter gestational age at delivery (38.67 vs 39.27 weeks) (P=.04) were found in women with non-dipper pattern. High night-time systolic BP significantly increased the chance of developing PIH (OR: 1.18; 95%CI: 1.00-1.39; P=.043). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with GDM have BP changes, with predominance of the non-dipper pattern and higher night-time systolic and diastolic BP, changes that could be useful predictors of PIH. High night-time systolic BP values increase the risk of developing PIH. Further studies are needed to ascertain the relationships between BP changes and obstetric and perinatal complications.
Association Between Gut Microbiota and Insulin Therapy in Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: At the time of diagnosis, the blood glucose of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who require subsequent insulin treatment does not differ from that of women with adequate diet control. Hence, in this study, we aimed to determine the role of maternal gut microbiota as a marker of insulin necessity in GDM and to identify the effect of insulin therapy on gut microbiota composition in mothers with GDM and their newborns. METHODS: Seventy-one pregnant women were enrolled into the study, including 38 GDM and 33 non-GDM participants. During the follow-up period, 8 of the 38 GDM subjects required insulin therapy (GDM-I group), whereas 30 of the 38 GDM cases with sufficient glycemic control by diet alone (GDM-D group). Maternal blood and feces were obtained at the time of GDM diagnosis (pretreatment; 24 to 28 weeks of gestation) and before delivery (posttreatment; ≥37 weeks of gestation). Meconium and first feces of the newborns were also collected. RESULTS: Pretreatment, the glycemic profile did not differ between the GDM-D and GDM-I groups. However, the proportions of Clostridiales, Lactobacillus and Bacteroidetes were higher in the GDM-I group than in the non-GDM and GDM-D groups. After treatment, gut microbiota composition showed no difference between non-GDM and GDM-I groups. Interestingly, a higher Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio was displayed in GDM-D mothers at posttreatment, and this was also observed in both meconium and first feces of GDM-D newborns. CONCLUSION: Insulin therapy changed maternal gut microbiota composition, which could be transferable to the mothers' newborns.
Macular vascular changes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus by optical coherence tomography angiography.; BACKGROUND: Retinal capillary is vulnerable to diabetes, whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) eyes without clinical retinopathy have capillary abnormalities has not been well studied. To observe the microvasculature changes in eyes of GDM women compared with normoglycemic pregnant women and non-pregnant women by optical coherence tomography-angiography (OCT-A). METHODS: GDM women, age-matched normoglycemic pregnant women and non-pregnant women were included in this study. All subjects were examined by OCT-A, vascular density and macular foveal parameters were measured automatically. RESULTS: Thirty eight non-pregnant women (NC group), thirty pregnant women without GDM (PC group), and thirty one GDM women (GDM group) were included in this study. There was a significant reduction of vascular density in superficial capillary layer, but an increase in deep capillary layer in PC and GDM groups (P < 0.001). When in terms of the average vascular density, the difference was insignificant among these three groups. Although all the measurements were similar between PC and GDM groups, more capillary "dropout" changes were detected in GDM group. Unexpectedly, the abnormal changes of central macular thickness thinning and foveal avascular zone enlargement seen during pregnancy were improved when compared to PC group. CONCLUSIONS: The changes of vascular density implied the redistribution of capillary network from superficial to deep layer under pregnancy and GDM states. Although the transient hyperglycemia aggravates the changes of capillary "dropout", GDM group revealed the improvement of central macular thickness thinning and foveal avascular zone enlargement during pregnancy.
Relation of Disaster Exposure With Maternal Characteristics and Obstetric Outcomes: the Tohoku Medical Megabank Project Birth and Three-Generation Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: The present study analyzed the relation of disaster exposure prior to pregnancy with maternal characteristics and obstetric outcomes. METHODS: The participants were 13,148 pregnant women recruited from 2013 to 2017. The women were classified into three groups by the severity of housing damage caused by the Great East Japan Earthquake of 2011: group A, house was not destroyed/did not live in the disaster area; group B, half/part of the house was destroyed; and group C, house was totally/mostly destroyed. Maternal characteristics, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and gestational weeks were obtained using questionnaires and medical records. Multiple logistic regression analyses were performed to investigate the relation between disaster exposure and maternal characteristics, HDP, and GDM. A structural equation model was applied to investigate the relation of disaster exposure with HDP and gestational weeks. RESULTS: The homes of about 11% of the women were totally/mostly destroyed. For groups B and C compared with those in group A, the adjusted ORs for HDP were 1.04 and 1.26 (P for trend = 0.01), and for GDM were 0.89 and 1.14 (P for trend = 0.9), respectively. Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) mediated 23.2% of the relation between disaster exposure and HDP. Disaster exposure was associated with gestational weeks. CONCLUSION: Disaster exposure at least 2.5 years before pregnancy was found to be associated with maternal characteristics and the prevalence of HDP. Pre-pregnancy BMI mediated the relation between disaster exposure and the prevalence of HDP, and gestational weeks were reduced through HDP.
Alpha-lipoic acid reduces congenital malformations in the offspring of diabetic mice.; BACKGROUND: The mechanism of diabetes-induced congenital malformation remains to be elucidated. It has been reported that alpha-lipoic acid (LA) prevents neural tube defects (NTDs) in offsprings of rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes. Here, we evaluate the protective effect of LA against diabetic embryopathy, including NTDs, cardiovascular malformations (CVMs), and skeletal malformations, in mice. METHODS: Female mice were rendered hyperglycemic using streptozotocin and then mated with normal male mouse. Pregnant diabetic or non-diabetic mice were treated daily with either LA (100 mg/kg body weight) or saline between gestational days 0 and 18. On day 18, fetuses were examined for congenital malformations. RESULTS: Plasma glucose levels on day 18 were not affected by LA treatment. No congenital malformations were observed either in the saline-treated or LA-treated non-diabetic group. In the saline-treated diabetic group, 39% of fetuses had external malformations and 30% had NTDs. In the LA-treated diabetic group, the corresponding proportions were 11 and 8%, respectively. LA treatment also decreased the incidence of CVMs from 30-3% and of skeletal malformations from 29-6%. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that LA can reduce NTDs, CVMs and skeletal malformations in the offspring of diabetic mice at term delivery.
Progression to type 2 diabetes in women with a known history of gestational diabetes: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate and compare progression rates to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy controls. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis. DATA SOURCES: Medline and Embase between January 2000 and December 2019, studies published in English and conducted on humans. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SELECTING STUDIES: Observational studies investigating progression to T2DM. Inclusion criteria were postpartum follow-up for at least 12 months, incident physician based diagnosis of diabetes, T2DM reported as a separate outcome rather than combined with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance, and studies with both a group of patients with GDM and a control group. RESULTS: This meta-analysis of 20 studies assessed a total of 1 332 373 individuals (67 956 women with GDM and 1 264 417 controls). Data were pooled by random effects meta-analysis models, and heterogeneity was assessed by use of the I(2) statistic. The pooled relative risk for the incidence of T2DM between participants with GDM and controls was estimated. Reasons for heterogeneity between studies were investigated by prespecified subgroup and meta-regression analyses. Publication bias was assessed by funnel plots and, overall, studies were deemed to have a low risk of bias (P=0.58 and P=0.90). The overall relative risk for T2DM was almost 10 times higher in women with previous GDM than in healthy controls (9.51, 95% confidence interval 7.14 to 12.67, P<0.001). In populations of women with previous GDM, the cumulative incidence of T2DM was 16.46% (95% confidence interval 16.16% to 16.77%) in women of mixed ethnicity, 15.58% (13.30% to 17.86%) in a predominantly non-white population, and 9.91% (9.39% to 10.42%) in a white population. These differences were not statistically significant between subgroups (white v mixed populations, P=0.26; white v non-white populations, P=0.54). Meta-regression analyses showed that the study effect size was not significantly associated with mean study age, body mass index, publication year, and length of follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a history of GDM appear to have a nearly 10-fold higher risk of developing T2DM than those with a normoglycaemic pregnancy. The magnitude of this risk highlights the importance of intervening to prevent the onset of T2DM, particularly in the early years after pregnancy. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42019123079.
Short-term neonatal outcome in diabetic versus non-diabetic pregnancies complicated by non-reassuring foetal heart rate tracings.; OBJECTIVE: Analysis of the impact of non-reassuring foetal heart rate patterns (FHR) and suspected foetal distress during active labour on the neonatal outcome in diabetic compared to non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: Retrospective case-control study comparing the short-term neonatal outcome including Apgar score at 5 min, and arterial/venous umbilical cord blood pH of 57 deliveries of women with different types of diabetes and 114 healthy controls. Patients were selected out of all deliveries with suspected foetal distress during active labour and performed foetal scalp pH samplings (n = 590) at the Medical University of Graz, Austria, during 2008-2009. RESULTS: Arterial pH was significantly lower in the diabetic group (7.215 versus 7.250, p = 0.007). Apgar scores ( > 8) at 5 min were similar in both groups (96.5% versus 95.6%, p = 0.566). The percentage of cases with foetal scalp blood pH <7.25 was higher in the diabetes group, but did not reach statistical significance (14.1% versus 7.1%, p = 0.166). CONCLUSIONS: Newborns of women with gestational and type 1 diabetes and non-reassuring FHR tracing have significantly lower arterial cord blood pH values without consequences on neonatal postpartum adaptation. Special attention to pathological changes in FHR patterns and to the more rapid decline in foetal pH during periods of foetal distress may be warranted in women with gestational and pre-conceptional diabetes during active labour. More frequent foetal scalp pH testing to rule out clinically relevant foetal acidosis needs to be discussed.
Efficacy of myoinositol in treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women: A pilot randomized clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: To compare efficacy of myoinositol as an adjuvant to dietary modification for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women compared to controls. STUDY DESIGN: Setting: This pilot randomized open label trial was conducted in a single antenatal clinic in India. SUBJECTS: One hundred women with singleton pregnancy and gestational diabetes diagnosed between 14-28 weeks' gestation were included. Overt diabetes, twin pregnancy, pre-existing renal disease, heart disease and other chronic medical disorders were exclusions. INTERVENTION: Participants were randomized in two groups (1:1 ratio) by opaque envelope method. Individualized nutrition counseling with dietary modification and routine antenatal care was provided to all. Fifty women received myoinositol 1000 mg twice daily; 50 controls did not receive myoinositol. Fasting and postprandial glucose levels were assessed after two weeks. Women not achieving glycemic targets (fasting glucose <95 and postprandial glucose <120 mg/dL) were given pharmacologic therapy. Contributory factors in women requiring additional pharmacologic therapy, maternal and fetal outcomes were noted. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Between group comparisons reported relative risk and mean difference. To assess predictive factors for need for pharmacologic therapy, univariate and multivariable logistic regression analysis were used. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics were comparable in both groups. Except one woman in the myoinositol group, all women provided glycaemia data throughout their pregnancy. Glycemic control was achieved in 44/ 49 (89.8 %) women in myoinositol group which was significantly higher than 34/50 (68 %) in the controls ((relative risk 0.31, 95 % confidence interval 0.13 to 0.80, p = 0.008). Mean duration of myoinositol treatment was 17.6 weeks (standard deviation 5.3). Additional treatment with metformin/insulin was needed in all women failing to achieve glycaemic control. The mean (range) dose of insulin was 25.3 units in myoinositol group compared to 14.27 units in controls (p = 0.058). Secondary outcomes were similar in two groups except baby weight which was higher in controls (p = 0.018). CONCLUSIONS: Oral supplementation with myoinositol in dose of 1 gm twice-daily, when started soon after the diagnosis of GDM, is effective in achieving glycemic control and decreasing the need for additional pharmacological therapy in Asian Indian women.
[Increased cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes].; The Dutch diabetes guideline advises GPs to screen for diabetes every year in the first five years after the birth of the youngest child, by simply measuring fasting glucose. Based on the increased risk for cardiovascular disease in women with a history of gestational diabetes, it seems appropriate to not only screen for diabetes, but to combine that with monitoring all the other features of the insulin resistance syndrome. Even without a disturbance in glucose tolerance, that could stimulate helpful lifestyle interventions at an earlier stage.
Prevalence of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in Fetuses of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes before Initiating Treatment.; Objective To evaluate the prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the beginning of the treatment. Methods A cross-sectional study was performed between July 1, 2013, and December 20, 2013, in a public maternity clinic in southern Brazil. The subjects were 63 fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes, with a single pregnancy and no other associated pathologies. We diagnosed HCM through a fetal echocardiography before treatment and evaluated the maternal and fetal characteristics. Results The average age of the pregnant women was 32.32 (±6.2) years, and the average gestational age at the time of the evaluation was 30.59 (±2.27) weeks. The interventricular septum thickness showed a standard deviation of more than two in 50.8% of the fetuses (95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 38.1-63.5%). The left ventricular wall thickness showed a standard deviation of more than 2 in 13 (20.6%) fetuses (95%CI: 11.1-30.2%). The HCM was confirmed in 54% of the fetuses (95%CI: 41.3-65.1%). The fetal abdominal circumference was normal in 46 (73%) fetuses, and 50% of these fetuses had HCM. Conclusion The prevalence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in fetuses of pregnant women with GDM before treatment was of 54% (95%CI: 41.3-65.1%).
Different intensities of glycaemic control for women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has major short- and long-term implications for both the mother and her baby. GDM is defined as a carbohydrate intolerance resulting in hyperglycaemia or any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy from 24 weeks' gestation onwards and which resolves following the birth of the baby. Rates for GDM can be as high as 25% depending on the population and diagnostic criteria used, and overall rates are increasing globally. There is wide variation internationally in glycaemic treatment target recommendations for women with GDM that are based on consensus rather than high-quality trials. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effect of different intensities of glycaemic control in pregnant women with GDM on maternal and infant health outcomes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (26 September 2022), and reference lists of the retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cluster-RCTs, and quasi-RCTs. Trials were eligible for inclusion if women were diagnosed with GDM during pregnancy and the trial compared tighter and less-tight glycaemic targets during management. We defined tighter glycaemic targets as lower numerical glycaemic concentrations, and less-tight glycaemic targets as higher numerical glycaemic concentrations. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standard Cochrane methods for carrying out data collection, assessing risk of bias, and analysing results. Two review authors independently assessed trial eligibility for inclusion, evaluated risk of bias, and extracted data for the four included studies. We assessed the certainty of evidence for selected outcomes using the GRADE approach. Primary maternal outcomes included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and subsequent development of type 2 diabetes. Primary infant outcomes included perinatal mortality, large-for-gestational-age, composite of mortality or serious morbidity, and neurosensory disability. MAIN RESULTS: This was an update of a previous review completed in 2016. We included four RCTs (reporting on 1731 women) that compared a tighter glycaemic control with less-tight glycaemic control in women diagnosed with GDM. Three studies were parallel RCTs, and one study was a stepped-wedged cluster-RCT. The trials took place in Canada, New Zealand, Russia, and the USA. We judged the overall risk of bias to be unclear. Two trials were only published in abstract form. Tight glycaemic targets used in the trials ranged between ≤ 5.0 and 5.1 mmol/L for fasting plasma glucose and ≤ 6.7 and 7.4 mmol/L postprandial. Less-tight targets for glycaemic control used in the included trials ranged between < 5.3 and 5.8 mmol/L for fasting plasma glucose and < 7.8 and 8.0 mmol/L postprandial. For the maternal outcomes, compared with less-tight glycaemic control, the evidence suggests a possible increase in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy with tighter glycaemic control (risk ratio (RR) 1.16, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.80 to 1.69, 2 trials, 1491 women; low certainty evidence); however, the 95% CI is compatible with a wide range of effects that encompass both benefit and harm. Tighter glycaemic control likely results in little to no difference in caesarean section rates (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.17, 3 studies, 1662 women; moderate certainty evidence) or induction of labour rates (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.18, 1 study, 1096 women; moderate certainty evidence) compared with less-tight control. No data were reported for the outcomes of subsequent development of type 2 diabetes, perineal trauma, return to pre-pregnancy weight, and postnatal depression. For the infant outcomes, it was difficult to determine if there was a difference in perinatal mortality (RR not estimable, 2 studies, 1499 infants; low certainty evidence), and there was likely no difference in being large-for-gestational-age (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.29, 3 studies, 1556 infants; moderate certainty evidence). The evidence suggests a possible reduction in the composite of mortality or serious morbidity with tighter glycaemic control (RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.55 to 1.29, 3 trials, 1559 infants; low certainty evidence); however, the 95% CI is compatible with a wide range of effects that encompass both benefit and harm. There is probably little difference between groups in infant hypoglycaemia (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.18, 3 studies, 1556 infants; moderate certainty evidence). Tighter glycaemic control may not reduce adiposity in infants of women with GDM compared with less-tight control (mean difference -0.62%, 95% CI -3.23 to 1.99, 1 study, 60 infants; low certainty evidence), but the wide CI suggests significant uncertainty. We found no data for the long-term outcomes of diabetes or neurosensory disability. Women assigned to tighter glycaemic control experienced an increase in the use of pharmacological therapy compared with women assigned to less-tight glycaemic control (RR 1.37, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.59, 4 trials, 1718 women). Tighter glycaemic control reducedadherence with treatment compared with less-tight glycaemic control (RR 0.41, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.51, 1 trial, 395 women). Overall the certainty of evidence assessed using GRADE ranged from low to moderate, downgraded primarily due to risk of bias and imprecision. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: This review is based on four trials (1731 women) with an overall unclear risk of bias. The trials provided data on most primary outcomes and suggest that tighter glycaemic control may increase the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The risk of birth of a large-for-gestational-age infant and perinatal mortality may be similar between groups, and tighter glycaemic targets may result in a possible reduction in composite of death or severe infant morbidity. However, the CIs for these outcomes are wide, suggesting both benefit and harm. There remains limited evidence regarding the benefit of different glycaemic targets for women with GDM to minimise adverse effects on maternal and infant health. Glycaemic target recommendations from international professional organisations vary widely and are currently reliant on consensus given the lack of high-certainty evidence. Further high-quality trials are needed, and these should assess both short- and long-term health outcomes for women and their babies; include women's experiences; and assess health services costs in order to confirm the current findings. Two trials are ongoing.
Prediction of women's long-term cardiometabolic risks using glycemic indices during pregnancy.; AIMS: To study the prediction of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension (HT) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) among Chinese women using glycemic indices in the mid-trimester of pregnancy. METHODS: A cohort of Chinese women who had had either normal glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during a pregnancy were assessed at a median of 8 and 15 years post-delivery. All women underwent a 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT) and a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test in the mid-trimester of the index pregnancy. A receiver operating characteristic curve was used to assess the prediction of AGT, DM, HT and MetS. RESULTS: All glycemic indices were significant predictors of AGT and DM, and the 2-h plasma glucose (PG) and GCT were predictive of HT, at both 8 and 15 years post-delivery. MetS can only be predicted by the fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and was confined to 15 years post-delivery. After adjustment for confounding variables, all glycemic indices were still independent predictors of AGT and DM at both 8 and 15 years post-delivery, except for FPG in predicting DM at 8 years, while only the 2-h PG remains an independent predictor of HT at 15 years. The optimal cut-off values for FPG, 2-h PG and GCT are 4.2 mmol/L, 7.2 mmol/L and 7.7 mmol/L, respectively; all are lower than the current cut-off thresholds for the screening and diagnosis of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Women who had a glycemic level below the criteria for a positive screening test and below the diagnostic threshold for GDM still have a significant cardiometabolic risk.
What accounts for ethnic differences in newborn skinfold thickness comparing South Asians and White Caucasians? Findings from the START and FAMILY Birth Cohorts.; OBJECTIVE: South Asians are a high-risk group for type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. We sought to determine ethnic differences in newborn adiposity comparing South Asians (SA) to White Caucasians (Whites). METHODS: Seven hundred ninety pregnant women (401 SA, 389 Whites) and their full-term offspring from two birth cohorts in Canada were analyzed. Pregnant women completed a health assessment including a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test to assess for dysglycemia. Birthweight, length, waist and hip circumference, and triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness (a surrogate measure of body adiposity) were measured in all newborns. Multivariate regression was used to identify maternal factors associated with newborn skinfold measurements. RESULTS: South Asian women were younger (30.1 vs 31.8 years, P<0.001), their prepregnancy body mass index was lower (23.7 vs 26.2, P<0.0001) and gestational diabetes was substantially higher (21% vs 13%, P=0.005) compared with Whites. Among full-term newborns, South Asians had lower birthweight (3283 vs 3517 g, P=0.0001), had greater skinfold thickness (11.7 vs 10.6 mm; P=0.0001) and higher waist circumference (31.1 vs 29.9 cm, P=0.0001) compared with Whites. Risk factors for newborn skinfold thickness included South Asian ethnicity (standardized estimate (s.e.): 0.24; P<0.0001), maternal glucose (s.e.: 0.079; P=0.04) and maternal body fat (s.e.: 0.14; P=0.0002). CONCLUSIONS: South Asian newborns are lower birthweight and have greater skinfold thickness, compared with White newborns, and this is influenced by maternal body fat and glucose. Interventions aimed at reducing body fat prior to pregnancy and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in South Asians may favorably alter newborn body composition and require evaluation.
The added value of umbilical vein flow in predicting fetal macrosomia at 36 weeks of gestation: A prospective cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Current models based on fetal biometry and maternal characteristics have a poor performance in predicting macrosomia. The primary aim of this study was to elucidate the diagnostic performance of fetal venous and arterial Dopplers in predicting macrosomia in the third trimester of pregnancy; the secondary aim was to build a multiparametric prediction model including pregnancy, ultrasound and Doppler characteristics able to predict macrosomia accurately. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Prospective cohort study including 2156 singleton pregnancies scheduled for routine ultrasound assessment at 36 weeks of gestation. Fetal biometry, estimated fetal weight (EFW), pulsatility index of the uterine, umbilical, and middle cerebral arteries, cerebroplacental ratio and umbilical vein blood flow (UVBF) normalized for fetal abdominal circumference (UVBF/AC) were recorded. Primary outcome was the prediction of fetal macrosomia, defined as a birthweight >90th percentile; secondary outcome was the prediction of newborns >4000 g. Logistic regression and area under the curve (AUC) analyses were used to analyze the data. RESULTS: Fetal macrosomia complicated 9.8% of pregnancies, and 7.7% of newborns had a birthweight >4000 g. At multivariate logistic regression analysis, maternal body mass index (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.23), pregestational diabetes (aOR 1.83), a prior newborn with a birthweight >95th centile (aOR 1.49), EFW (aOR 2.23) and UVBF (aOR1.84) were independently associated with macrosomia, whereas gestational diabetes mellitus (P = .07) or any of the other Doppler parameters were not. EFW had an AUC of 0.750 and of 0.801 alone and in association with maternal characteristics for the prediction of macrosomia, respectively. The addition of UVBF to this model significantly improved the prediction of fetal macrosomia provided by maternal and ultrasound parameters with an AUC of 0.892 (De Long P = .044 and P = .0078, respectively). The predictive performance for birthweight >4000 g was similar and significantly improved when UVBF was included in the diagnostic algorithm. CONCLUSIONS: Umbilical vein blood flow evaluation in the third trimester improves the diagnosis of fetal macrosomia. The optimal diagnostic performance for macrosomia is achieved by a multiparametric model including umbilical vein flow, maternal characteristics and EFW.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Treatment Schemes Modify Maternal Plasma Cholesterol Levels Dependent to Women´s Weight: Possible Impact on Feto-Placental Vascular Function.; : Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) associates with fetal endothelial dysfunction (ED), which occurs independently of adequate glycemic control. Scarce information exists about the impact of different GDM therapeutic schemes on maternal dyslipidemia and obesity and their contribution to the development of fetal-ED. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of GDM-treatments on lipid levels in nonobese (N) and obese (O) pregnant women and the effect of maternal cholesterol levels in GDM-associated ED in the umbilical vein (UV). O-GDM women treated with diet showed decreased total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoproteins (LDL) levels with respect to N-GDM ones. Moreover, O-GDM women treated with diet in addition to insulin showed higher TC and LDL levels than N-GDM women. The maximum relaxation to calcitonin gene-related peptide of the UV rings was lower in the N-GDM group compared to the N one, and increased maternal levels of TC were associated with even lower dilation in the N-GDM group. We conclude that GDM-treatments modulate the TC and LDL levels depending on maternal weight. Additionally, increased TC levels worsen the GDM-associated ED of UV rings. This study suggests that it could be relevant to consider a specific GDM-treatment according to weight in order to prevent fetal-ED, as well as to consider the possible effects of maternal lipids during pregnancy.
Following in mother's footsteps? Mother-daughter risks for insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease 15 years after gestational diabetes.; AIMS: To determine effects on mothers and daughters of gestational diabetes mellitus/gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/GIGT) on their future metabolic and cardiovascular risks. METHODS: Case mothers who had GDM/GIGT in pregnancy (cases; n = 90) and normoglycaemic control women (n = 99) and their daughters underwent lifestyle assessment and metabolic tests 15-years post-partum. RESULTS: Prevalence of glucose intolerance (GI) in daughters was 1.1%. Maternal prevalence was 44.4% in cases compared to 13.1% in controls, with conversion best predicted by weight gain. Case daughters had higher insulin resistance (IR) and greater waist circumference (WC) (51.2%) relative to control daughters (36.4%, p < 0.05) made worse if case mothers became GI at follow-up (65%) (relative risk =1.8; 95% confidence interval 1.2-2.9). In multivariable linear regression analyses adjusting for daughters' birthweight, maternal obesity (> 30.0 kg/m(2)) at 15years and mothers' case-control status were strong predictors of daughters' WC (p < 0.01; P < 0.01, respectively). For daughters' body mass index (BMI) percentile and percentage of body fat, maternal obesity was a stronger predictor (p < 0.01; p < 0.001)) than mothers' case-control status (p < 0.01; P = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS: GDM/GIGT pregnancies led to increased conversion to GI in mothers, minimal in daughters. Case daughters have increased risk of central adiposity and insulin resistance, whereas maternal obesity strongly predicted daughters' BMI percentile and per cent of body fat. Controlling hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and family weight management may provide the key to preventing offspring obesity and glucose intolerance post GDM/GIGT.
Effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on risk of adverse maternal outcomes: a prospective cohort study in Northwest Ethiopia.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a leading medical condition woman encounter during pregnancy with serious short- and long-term consequences for maternal morbidity. However, limited evidence was available on potential impacts of gestational diabetes mellitus using updated international diagnostic criteria on adverse maternal outcomes. Therefore, this study aimed to assess the effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on the risk of adverse maternal outcomes in Northwest Ethiopia. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted among pregnant women followed from pregnancy to delivery. Gestational diabetes mellitus status was determined by using a two-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test and based on updated international diagnostic criteria. Multivariable log-binomial model was used to examine the effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on the risk of adverse maternal outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 694 women completed the follow-up and included in the analysis. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus had a higher risk of composite adverse maternal outcome (ARR=1.58, 95% CI: 1.22, 2.04), caesarean delivery (ARR=1.67; 95%: 1.15, 2.44), pregnancy induced hypertension (ARR= 3.32; 95%: 1.55, 7.11), premature rupture of membranes (ARR= 1.83; 95%: 1.02, 3.27), antepartum hemorrhage (ARR= 2.10; 95%: 1.11, 3.98) and postpartum hemorrhage (ARR= 4.85; 95%:2.28, 10.30) compared to women without gestational diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes mellitus increased the risk of adverse maternal outcomes. This implies that maternal care and intervention strategies relating to women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be strengthened.
Persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction among infants of diabetic mothers.; INTRODUCTION: Offspring of diabetic mothers have five times higher risk of cardiovascular abnormalities than in normal pregnancies. These cardiac anomalies involve fetal cardiac morphological and functional changes. Here, we investigate subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, including structural and functional changes among infants of diabetic mothers. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective cohort study was carried out from March 2017 to September 2020 at a South Indian tertiary care center. One hundred ninety-eight newborns delivered from non-diabetic mothers, well-controlled diabetic mothers (WCDM), and poorly controlled diabetic mothers (PCDM) were studied. Neonates and infantile echocardiographic imaging were performed at the first week of life, at 6-weeks, and 6-months of life. Cardiac structure and function were assessed using 2D, M-mode, Conventional Doppler, and Tissue Doppler imaging. RESULTS: Out of the total (198) infants, 66 (33.3%) were from the non-diabetic (control) mothers, 60 (30.3%) from the WCDM, and 72 (36.4%) were from the PCDM groups. In both WCDM and PCDM groups, the mean gestational ages at birth were shorter than the control group (37.19 ± 0.82, 36.02 ± 2.15, and 37.91 ± 1.33 weeks respectively). There was a high incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia (p-value <0.001), NICU stay >7 days (p-value <0.018), and persistent fetal transitional cardiac shunt (p-value <0.03) among poorly controlled DM group in comparison to others. Tissue deformation imaging showed a significant reduction in left ventricular global strain and strain rate in the neonatal heart from poorly controlled diabetic mothers. Myocardial wall thickness among neonates of diabetic mothers was higher compared to controls. LV TEI was higher in PCDM groups in comparison with WCDM and control groups; (0.59 ± 0.11, 0.46 ± 0.35, and 0.37 ± 0.12 respectively, p-value =0.01). Similarly, RV TEI was high in the PCDM (0.56 ± 0.09) group compared to the WCDM group (0.33 ± 0.12) and control group (0.28 ± 0.10). CONCLUSIONS: Infants of diabetic mothers are at higher risk of developing cardiac abnormalities, including structural and functional defects. The highest increase in interventricular septal thickening found in poorly controlled diabetic mothers' neonates will disrupt both ventricles' functions, followed by WCDM and the control group.
Accelerated cardiac growth and abnormal cardiac flow in fetuses of type I diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the growth patterns of the fetal heart and the development of cardiac function during gestation in fetuses of diabetic mothers, and to compare these findings with those of normal fetuses. METHODS: Serial M-mode and Doppler echocardiographic recordings were made at 4-week intervals in 14 fetuses of well-controlled type I insulin-dependent diabetic mothers and in ten control fetuses at 20-36 weeks' gestation. The following variables were measured: interventricular septal thickness, left ventricular wall thickness, right ventricular wall thickness, ratio between the peak velocities during early passive ventricular filling and active atrial filling at the level of the atrioventricular valves, peak velocities, and time to peak velocity at the level of the ascending aorta and pulmonary artery. RESULTS: In both groups of fetuses, all of the indices increased linearly with gestation. However, fetuses of diabetic mothers showed significant differences in the slope and intercept values for the function describing the growth of the interventricular septum (P less than or equal to .001) and the right and left ventricular wall thicknesses (P less than or equal to .01), resulting in accelerated cardiac growth. The function describing the development of the ratios between early and active ventricular filling showed differences in slope and intercept values at the level of both the mitral (P less than or equal to .001) and tricuspid valves (P less than or equal to .001), resulting in a lower rate of increase during diabetic pregnancy when compared with control fetuses. Significantly higher intercept values were found in the functions describing the increase of peak velocities in the aorta and pulmonary artery in fetuses of diabetic mothers (P less than or equal to .01), whereas the slopes were similar to those of control fetuses. No differences were found in the time to peak values between the groups of fetuses. No relationships were found between the echocardiographic results and the metabolic control of pregnancy or fetal characteristics. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that strict maternal diabetes control does not exclude accelerated fetal cardiac growth and abnormal development of cardiac function.
Doppler ultrasonographic assessment of fetal middle cerebral artery peak systolic velocity in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare Doppler ultrasonographic measurements of the fetal middle cerebral artery peak systolic velocity (MCA PSV) among women with or without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among pregnant women who presented for prenatal care at a single hospital in Brazil between September 11, 2015, and January 6, 2017. Patients were stratified into a group with GDM and a control group without GDM. One Doppler ultrasonographic assessment was performed per participant. This measurement was made after diagnosis but before the start of treatment among women in the GDM group. Fetal ultrasonographic and biometric variables assessed included MCA PSV, MCA pulsatility index, umbilical artery pulsatility index, the MCA-to-umbilical artery ratio, abdominal circumference, and weight. RESULTS: The study included 238 women: 115 in the GDM group and 123 in the control group. The median MCA PSV was 1.02 in the GDM group and 1.08 in the control group (P=0.036). No statistically significant between-group differences were found for the other fetal ultrasonographic variables or for the fetal biometric variables assessed. None of the maternal or fetal parameters assessed displayed a linear correlation with MCA PSV. CONCLUSION: Doppler ultrasonographic measurements of MCA PSV were lowered among the fetuses of women diagnosed with GDM.
Impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes are associated with a different cardiovascular profile.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of cardiovascular risk factors to impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and to impaired fasting glucose (IFG) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We studied 838 women with prior GDM. Postpartum glucose tolerance status was classified as normal, IFG, IGT, IFG plus IGT, and diabetes according to the World Health Organization criteria. Postpartum BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, triglyceride, cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were assessed. RESULTS: BMI and blood pressure were significantly higher in women with IFG than in women with normal glucose status. BMI and waist circumference were significantly higher in women with IFG plus IGT than in women with normal glucose status. No differences were observed between women with IGT and normal glucose status. The prevalence of hypertension and obesity was significantly increased in IFG compared with normal glucose status. The prevalence of obesity and abnormal lipids was significantly increased in IFG plus IGT compared with normal glucose status. IGT showed no increased prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Traditional cardiovascular risk factors have a stronger association with isolated IFG than with isolated IGT in women with prior GDM.
Pre-pregnancy body mass index and weight gain during pregnancy: relations with gestational diabetes and hypertension, and birth outcomes.; To study the relationship between pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and weight gain during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes, with a focus on gestational diabetes and hypertension and their role in the association with fetal growth. We studied 1,884 mothers and offspring from the Eden mother-child cohort. Weight before pregnancy (W1) and weight after delivery (W2) were collected and we calculated BMI and net gestational weight gain (netGWG = (W2 - W1)/(weeks of gestation)). Gestational diabetes, hypertension gestational age and birth weight were collected. We used multivariate linear or logistic models to study the association between BMI, netGWG and pregnancy and birth outcomes, adjusting for center, maternal age and height, parity and average number of cigarettes smoked per day during pregnancy. High BMI was more strongly related to the risk of giving birth to a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) baby than high netGWG (odds ratio OR [95% CI] of 3.23 [1.86-5.60] and 1.61 [0.91-2.85], respectively). However, after excluding mothers with gestational diabetes or hypertension the ORs for LGA, respectively weakened (OR 2.57 [1.29-5.13]) for obese women and strengthened for high netGWG (OR 2.08 [1.14-3.80]). Low in comparison to normal netGWG had an OR of 2.18 [1.20-3.99] for pre-term birth, which became stronger after accounting for blood pressure and glucose disorders (OR 2.70 [1.37-5.34]). Higher net gestational weight gain was significantly associated with an increased risk of LGA only after accounting for blood pressure and glucose disorders. High gestational weight gain should not be neglected in regard to risk of LGA in women without apparent risk factors.
Prediction of postnatal abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord in gestational diabetes mellitus: a diagnostic accuracy study.; Objective: To investigate whether evaluations of antenatal umbilical coiling index (aUCI) could predict postnatal umbilical coiling index (UCI) (pUCI) in people with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared with normal pregnancy independent of maternal demographic and reproductive characteristics.Method: In this prospective study, 105 women with normal pregnancy, and 117 women with pregnancy complicated by GDM were recruited. Ultrasound scan of umbilical cord was performed at 18-23 and 37-41 weeks of gestation (WG). Evaluation of pUCI, as the reference standard, was performed within 24 hours after delivery.Findings: There was no significant relationship between aUCI and maternal demographic and reproductive characteristics. The mean for pUCI was 0.21 ± 0.12 in the GDM group, and 0.21 ± 0.09 in the normal pregnancy (p = .61). In the GDM group, a significant association was found between aUCI and pUCI categories (p = .004). The area under curve (AUC) was less than 0.5 for hypocoiling in both groups. For hypercoiling it was 0.84 ± 0.04 in the GDM group and 0.75 ± 0.06 in the normal pregnancy group (18-23 WG). In the GDM group the cutoff points that predict hypercoiling were 0.28 (18-23WG), and 0.21 (37-41WG). These were 0.35 (18-23WG), and 0.33 (37-41WG) in the normal pregnancy group. Diagnostic accuracy analysis revealed that in the GDM group, the sensitivity and specificity of hypercoiling for prediction of pUCI were 0.94 and 0.70 respectively at 18-23 WG.Conclusions: Antenatal hypercoiling at the second trimester of pregnancy strongly predict postnatal hypercoiling in pregnancies complicated by GDM.
Long-term cardiovascular risk in relation to birth weight and exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Fetal exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with high birth weight, congenital heart malformations, childhood adiposity, DM, hypertension and dyslipidemia. The long term cardiovascular consequences of fetal exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy and high birth weight are not known. METHOD: All individuals born in Sweden 1973-1988 (n = 1,551,603) were included in the study. The Swedish Medical Birth Register was merged with the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register. The association between offspring's adult consumption of cardiovascular medication and i) maternal DM during pregnancy and ii) birth weight were analyzed. Follow up time ranged between 17 and 36 years. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to maternal DM in utero had an increased risk of non-malformation cardiovascular disease (NMCVD), odds ratio (OR) 1.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.16-1.83). After also excluding offspring with insulin dependent DM, no increased risk of NMCVD was found, OR 1.19 (95% CI 0.92-1.55). No increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born large for gestational age, OR 1.02 (95% CI 0.96-1.08). An increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born small for gestational age, OR 1.29 (95% CI 1.24-1.35). CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy was not associated with NMCVD in offspring at a maximum of 36 years of follow up. Low birth weight was confirmed to be a risk factor for NMCVD while high birth weight was not.
Reducing the Adverse Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in IVF Women by Exercise Interventions During Pregnancy.; Purpose: The role of a structured program of exercise training on the low-risk pregnancy in Iranian women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) based on the reduction of gestational diabetes was examined. Method: A comparative quasi-experimental clinical trial with 170 IVF-pregnant women in two intervention and control groups was studied to monitor the training effect of physical activities in terms of walking, and aerobic, strength-conditioning, and relaxation exercises during pregnancy on the improvement of maternal and fetal health. Gestational diabetes as the main complication was evaluated with 2-h 75-g OGTT and FBS tests in 24-28 and 34- weeks' gestation, respectively. Other adverse maternal (e.g., preeclampsia, cesarean section, and preterm delivery) and neonatal (e.g., intrauterine growth retardation, low/high birth weight, and fetal death) outcomes were determined and analyzed by statistical and regression tests. Results: A significantly lower gestational diabetes and preeclampsia rate was found in the intervened IVF-pregnant women with the maintenance of an active lifestyle. Although there was no significant difference in other negative maternal and neonatal outcomes between the two groups, lower symptoms from these complications were recorded in IVF-pregnant women trained with regular exercise activities. Conclusion: Implementing the physical activity program by IVF-women during pregnancy is an effective intervention strategy in reducing the risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
Differential placental expression profile of human Growth Hormone/Chorionic Somatomammotropin genes in pregnancies with pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus.; The human GH/CSH cluster consisting of one pituitary-expressed (GH1) and four placenta-expressed loci has been implicated in maternal metabolic adaptation to pregnancy, regulation of intrauterine and postnatal growth. We investigated how the mRNA expression profile of placental GH2, CSH1 and CSH2 genes and their alternative transcripts correlates with maternal pre-eclampsia (PE) and/or gestational diabetes mellitus (GD). The expression of studied genes in PE placentas (n=17) compared to controls (n=17) exhibited a trend for reduced transcript levels. The alternative transcripts retaining intron 4, GH2-2 and CSH1-2 showed significantly reduced expression in PE cases without growth restriction (P=0.007, P=0.008, respectively). In maternal GD (n=23), a tendency of differential expression was detected only for the GH2 gene and in pregnancies with large-for-gestational-age newborns. Our results, together with those reported by others, are consistent with a pleiotropic effect of placental hGH/CSH genes at the maternal-fetal interface relating to the regulation of fetal growth and the risk of affected maternal metabolism.
Association between maternal adiposity measures and adverse maternal outcomes of pregnancy: Systematic review and meta-analysis.; Maternal obesity increases pregnancy-related risks. Women with a body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m(2) are considered to be at risk and should receive additional care, although approximately half will have uncomplicated pregnancies. This systematic review aimed to identify early pregnancy measures of adiposity associated with adverse maternal health outcomes. Searches included six databases, reference lists, citations, and contacting authors. Screening and quality assessment were carried out by two authors independently. Random effects meta-analysis and narrative synthesis were conducted. Seventy studies were included with a pooled sample of 89,588 women. Meta-analysis showed significantly increased odds of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with higher waist circumference (WC) categories (1.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04, 1.88) and per unit increase in WC (1.31, 95% CI 1.03, 1.67). Women with GDM had higher WC than controls (mean difference [MD] 6.18 cm, 95% CI 3.92, 8.44). WC was significantly associated with hypertensive disorders, delivery-related outcomes, metabolic syndrome, and composite pregnancy outcomes. Waist to hip ratio was significantly associated with GDM, hypertensive disorders, and delivery-related outcomes. Fat mass, neck circumference, skinfolds, and visceral fat were significantly associated with adverse outcomes, although limited data were available. Our findings identify the need to explore how useful adiposity measures are at predicting risk in pregnancy, compared with BMI, to direct care to women with the greatest need.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus on overweight status of their children.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) as a group of medical complications in pregnancy are believed to be associated with an increased risk of poor fetal growth, but the influence on offspring's body composition is not clear. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the association between maternal HDP and overweight status in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A cross-sectional study among 1263 GDM mother-child pairs was performed in Tianjin, China. General linear models and logistic regression models were used to assess the associations of maternal hypertension in pregnancy with anthropometry and overweight status in the offspring from birth to 1-5 years old. Offspring of GDM mothers who were diagnosed with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy had higher mean values of Z-scores for birth weight for gestational age and birth weight for length, and higher mean values of Z-scores for weight for age, weight for length/height, and body mass index for age at 1-5 years old than those of GDM mothers with normal blood pressure during pregnancy. Maternal HDP were associated with increased risks of large for gestational age (OR 1.74, 95% CI 1.08-2.79) and macrosomia (OR 2.02, 95% CI 1.23-3.31) at birth and childhood overweight/obesity at 1-5 years old age (OR 1.88, 95% CI 1.16-3.04). For offspring of mothers with GDM, maternal hypertension during pregnancy was a risk factor for macrosomia at birth and childhood overweight and obesity, and controlling the maternal hypertension may be more important for preventing large-for-gestational-age babies and childhood obesity.
Vascular-derived connective tissue growth factor (Ctgf) is critical for pregnancy-induced β cell hyperplasia in adult mice.; During pregnancy, maternal β cells undergo compensatory changes including hypertrophy, hyperplasia, and increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS). Failure of these adaptations to occur can result in gestational diabetes mellitus. The secreted protein, Connective tissue growth factor (Ctgf), is critical for normal β cell development and promotes regeneration after partial β cell ablation. During embryogenesis, Ctgf is expressed in pancreatic ducts, vasculature, and β cells. In the adult pancreas, Ctgf is expressed only in the vasculature. Here, we report that pregnant mice with global Ctgf haploinsufficiency (Ctgf(LacZ/+)) have an impairment in maternal β cell proliferation, while β cell proliferation in virgin Ctgf(LacZ/+) females is unaffected. Additionally, α-cell proliferation, β cell size, and GSIS were unaffected in Ctgf(LacZ/+) mice, suggesting that vascular-derived Ctgf has a specific role in islet compensation during pregnancy.
The identification of irisin in human cerebrospinal fluid: influence of adiposity, metabolic markers, and gestational diabetes.; Peripheral action of irisin improves glucose homeostasis and increases energy expenditure, with no data on a central role of irisin in metabolism. These studies sought to examine 1) presence of irisin in human cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and banked human hypothalamic tissue, 2) serum irisin in maternal subjects across varying adiposities with or without gestational diabetes (GDM), and 3) their respective neonate offspring. CSF, serum, and neonatal cord serum were collected from 91 pregnant women with and without GDM attending for an elective cesarean section [body mass index (BMI): 37.7 ± 7.6 kg/m(2); age: 32 ± 8.3 yr]. Irisin was assessed by ELISA and correlated with biochemical and anthropometric data. Irisin expression was examined in human hypothalamus by immunohistochemical staining. Serum irisin in pregnant women was significantly lower in nonobese compared with obese and GDM subjects, after adjusting for BMI, lipids, and glucose. Irisin was present in neonatal cord serum (237 ± 8 ng/ml) and maternal CSF (32 ± 1.5 ng/ml). CSF irisin correlated positively with serum irisin levels from nonobese and obese pregnant women (P < 0.01), with CSF irisin significantly raised in GDM subjects (P < 0.05). Irisin was present in human hypothalamic sections in the paraventricular neurons, colocalized with neuropeptide Y. Irisin was detectable in CSF and in paraventricular neurons. Maternal serum irisin was lower in nonobese pregnant women after adjusting for BMI and a number of metabolic parameters. These studies indicate that irisin may have a central role in metabolism in addition to the known peripheral role. Further studies investigating the central action of irisin in human metabolic disease are required.
Longitudinal study of prepregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors and subsequent risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: The CARDIA study.; This study examined prepregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in subsequent pregnancies. The authors selected 1,164 women without diabetes before pregnancy who delivered 1,809 livebirths between 5 consecutive examinations from 1985 to 2006 in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study. The authors measured prepregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors and performed multivariate repeated-measures logistic regression to compute the odds of GDM adjusted for race, age, parity, birth order, and other covariates. Impaired fasting glucose (100-125 vs. <90 mg/dL), elevated fasting insulin (>15-20 and >20 vs. <10 μU/mL), and low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (<40 vs. >50 mg/dL) before pregnancy were directly associated with GDM: The odds ratios = 4.74 (95% confidence interval (CI): 2.14, 10.51) for fasting glucose, 2.19 (95% CI: 1.15, 4.17) for middle insulin levels and 2.36 (95% CI: 1.20, 4.63) for highest insulin levels, and 3.07 (95% CI: 1.62, 5.84) for low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol among women with a negative family history of diabetes; all P < 0.01. Among overweight women, 26.7% with 1 or more cardiometabolic risk factors developed GDM versus 7.4% with none. Metabolic impairment exists before GDM pregnancy in nondiabetic women. Interconceptual metabolic screening could be included in routine health assessments to identify high-risk women for GDM in a subsequent pregnancy and to potentially minimize fetal exposure to metabolic abnormalities that program future disease.
Association between gestational diabetes mellitus exposure and childhood adiposity is not substantially explained by offspring genetic risk of obesity.; AIM: To examine the extent to which offspring obesity-associated genetic risk explains the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and childhood adiposity. METHODS: We studied 282 children aged 7-12 years who were enrolled in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes in Children Study. A genetic risk score for BMI was calculated as the count of 91 established BMI-raising risk alleles. Multivariable linear and logistic regression models were used to estimate associations between the offspring genetic risk score and exposure to gestational diabetes and childhood adiposity (BMI and waist circumference), adjusting for clinical and demographic covariates. The contribution of offspring genetic risk to associations between maternal gestational diabetes and childhood outcomes was estimated by comparing the regression coefficients for the gestational diabetes variable in models with and without the genetic risk score. RESULTS: The offspring BMI genetic risk score was associated with childhood BMI (P = 0.006) and waist circumference (P = 0.02), and marginally with gestational diabetes (P = 0.05). Offspring BMI genetic risk did not contribute significantly to associations between gestational diabetes and childhood BMI [7.7% (95% CI -3.3, 18.8)] or waist circumference [5.8% (95% CI -3.1, 14.8); P = 0.2 for both]. CONCLUSIONS: Offspring obesity genetic risk does not explain a significant proportion of the association between gestational diabetes exposure and childhood adiposity. The association between gestational diabetes and childhood adiposity is probably explained through alternative pathways, including direct intrauterine effects or a shared postnatal environment.
Can short- and long-term maternal and infant risks linked to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy be reduced by therapy?; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), especially preeclampsia, and diabetes during pregnancy pose significant risks for both maternal and infant health, extending to long-term outcomes such as early-onset cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. Current strategies for managing HDP focus on screening, prevention, surveillance, and timely intervention. No disease-modifying therapies exist so far for established preeclampsia; delivery remains the definitive resolution. Preventive measures-including early pregnancy screening, exercise, and low-dose aspirin-show promise. Antihypertensive treatments reduce severe hypertension risks, whereas magnesium sulfate remains the standard for preventing eclampsia. Planned delivery from gestational week 37 can balance maternal benefits and neonatal risks in women with established preeclampsia. Delivery between 34 and 37 weeks gestation in women with preeclampsia has to balance risks for mother and infant. Lifestyle interventions-particularly diet and physical activity-are pivotal in managing gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. The oral antidiabetic metformin has shown benefits in glycaemic control and reducing maternal weight gain, although its long-term effects on offspring remain uncertain. The safety of other peroral antidiabetics in pregnancy is less studied. Advancements in glucose monitoring and insulin administration present encouraging prospects for enhancing outcomes in women with diabetes types 1 and 2. Both HDP and diabetes during pregnancy necessitate vigilant management through a combination of lifestyle modifications, pharmacological interventions, and timely obstetric care. Although certain treatments such as low-dose aspirin and metformin show efficacy in risk reduction, further research is ongoing to ensure safety for both mothers and their offspring to reduce short- and long-term adverse effects.
Long-term sequelae of adverse pregnancy outcomes.; A growing body of literature highlights the importance of recognizing adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as cardiovascular risk factors when risk stratifying women for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a comprehensive review of the long term cardiovascular consequences associated with APOs including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm delivery, gestational diabetes (GDM), low birth weight and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy using electronic databases, PubMed and the Cochrane Library. Women with pregnancies complicated by HDP, preterm birth, and low birth weight are at higher risk of developing CVD than were women without APOs in the years following pregnancy. Among women with a history of multiple APOs, HDP and GDM are independent risk factors for atherosclerotic CVD. The pathophysiology leading to CVD is multifactorial, and includes both physiologic and environmental factors. APOs should be accounted for in a women's CVD risk assessment and stratification as recommended by prevention guidelines. Further research is needed to determine the underlying mechanisms that lead to the increased risk of CVD in women with APOs.
Prevention of diabetes in women with a history of gestational diabetes: effects of metformin and lifestyle interventions.; CONTEXT: A past history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) confers a very high risk of postpartum development of diabetes, particularly type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) sought to identify individuals with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and intervene in an effort to prevent or delay their progression to diabetes. This analysis examined the differences between women enrolled in DPP with and without a reported history of GDM. DESIGN: The DPP was a randomized, controlled clinical trial. SETTING: The study was a multicenter, National Institutes of Health-sponsored trial carried out at 27 centers including academic and Indian Health Services sites. PATIENTS: A total of 2190 women were randomized into the DPP and provided information for past history of GDM. This analysis addressed the differences between those 350 women providing a past history of GDM and those 1416 women with a previous live birth but no history of GDM. INTERVENTIONS: Subjects were randomized to either standard lifestyle and placebo or metformin therapy or to an intensive lifestyle intervention. MAIN OUTCOMES: The primary outcome was the time to development of diabetes ascertained by semiannual fasting plasma glucose and annual oral glucose tolerance testing. Assessments of insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity were also performed. RESULTS: Whereas entering the study with similar glucose levels, women with a history of GDM randomized to placebo had a crude incidence rate of diabetes 71% higher than that of women without such a history. Among women reporting a history of GDM, both intensive lifestyle and metformin therapy reduced the incidence of diabetes by approximately 50% compared with the placebo group, whereas this reduction was 49 and 14%, respectively in parous women without GDM. These data suggest that metformin may be more effective in women with a GDM history as compared with those without. CONCLUSIONS: Progression to diabetes is more common in women with a history of GDM compared with those without GDM history despite equivalent degrees of IGT at baseline. Both intensive lifestyle and metformin are highly effective in delaying or preventing diabetes in women with IGT and a history of GDM.
Early-pregnancy maternal heart rate is related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).; OBJECTIVE: The study examined the association between resting heart rate (RHR) of early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese population. METHODS: As retrospective study, medical data of 15,092 pregnant women gave birth in 2019 was collected and analyzed. The pregnant women's age, educational level, pre-pregnancy body weight, height, parity, family history of diabetes, lipid profile, blood pressure and RHR were recorded during 11 ∼ 13(+6) weeks. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and RHR and GDM. And we further evaluated the predictive roll of RHR in different sub-groups defined by their body mass index (BMI), age, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), total cholesterol and triglyceride. RESULTS: 2313 women (15.33%) were diagnosed as GDM according to 75 g OGTT. According to the quartile value of RHR, the subjects were divided into four groups. Risk of GDM increased significantly as RHR increased. In the fully adjusted model, ORs(95%CI) for the lowest vs highest quartiles of heart rate were 1(as reference), 1.14(0.97 ∼ 1.33), 1.25(1.05 ∼ 1.40), 1.41(1.21 ∼ 1.62), respectively. In the subgroup's analysis, we found the relationship between RHR and risk of GDM was evident in women with low and normal BMI; with normal fasting plasma; and normal serum lipid level. CONCLUSION: The current study shows early-pregnancy maternal RHR is associated with potential risk of developing GDM.
Thrombin/PAR-1 activation induces endothelial damages via NLRP1 inflammasome in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of progressing to type 2 DM and cardiovascular disease; however, the pathogenesis is still poorly understood. This study was to investigate roles of thrombin and its receptor protease-activated receptor 1 (PAR-1) and NLRP1 inflammasome in endothelial injury in GDM condition. Umbilical cord and plasma of GDM patients and high glucose (HG) cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were used to examine the pathological changes of these pathways. Meanwhile, ameliorative effects and potential mechanisms of a natural product sarsasapogenin (Sar) were investigated in HUVECs. Thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) axis, and the nucleotide-binding domain and leucine-rich repeat containing protein 1 (NLRP1) inflammasome were activated in GDM condition and HG-cultured HUVECs, accompanied by endothelial injury (decreased cell viability and increased lactate dehydrogenase release). Nevertheless, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism caused decreases in AGEs formation and RAGE expression in HG-cultured HUVECs, while AGEs inhibition or RAGE antagonism declined PAR-1 expression not thrombin activity. Furthermore, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism restrained NLRP1 inflammasome activation in HG-cultured HUVECs; meanwhile, NLRP1 expression and interleukin 18 levels were remarkably reduced in HG-cultured HUVECs after PAR-1 knockdown. Interestingly, Sar co-treatment could suppress thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, NLRP1 inflammasome, and AGEs/RAGE axis. Together, endothelial damages in GDM were likely due to enhanced interaction between AGEs/RAGE axis and thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, followed by NLRP1 inflammasome activation. Moreover, Sar may act as a protective agent against endothelial injury in chronic HG condition.
Is fibroblast growth factor 23 a new cardiovascular risk marker in gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to compare the serum levels of fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women, and to evaluate the association between hormonal and metabolic parameters. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: A total of 82 pregnant women were consecutively enrolled in the study. Of these, 46 were diagnosed as having GDM; the remaining 36 healthy pregnant women served as controls in a cross-sectional study design. The womens' ages ranged from 22 to 38 years and gestational ages, from 24 to 28 weeks. Serum samples were analyzed for FGF23 levels using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RESULTS: Serum FGF23 levels were increased in patients with GDM compared with controls (median, 65.3 for patients with GDM vs. 36.6 ng/mL for healthy controls; p = 0.019). Mean fasting glucose (105.6 ± 7.4 vs. 70.2 ± 7.2 mg/dL, p < 0.001), HbA1c (5.6 ± 0.5 vs. 4.9 ± 0.5%, p < 0.001), insulin (median, 11.1 vs. 8.7 µIU/mL, p = 0.006) and HOMA-IR (3.0 (1.8) vs 1.4 (0.6), p < 0.001) levels were significantly higher in patients with GDM than in controls. Serum FGF23 level was positively correlated with body mass index (r2 = 0.346, p < 0.05), FPG (r2 = 0.264, p < 0.05), insulin (r2 = 0.388, p < 0.05), HOMA-IR (r2 = 0.384, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Serum FGF23 levels were higher in women with GDM compared with controls. The present findings suggest that FGF23 could be a useful marker of cardiovascular disease in GDM.
Long term (>1 year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among Indian women with history of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) diagnosed by IADPSG criteria.; AIM: To determine prevalence of long term dysglycemia and its risk factors among women with history of GDM diagnosed using IADPSG criteria at a tertiary care hospital in North India. METHODS: Women with GDM diagnosed between 2012 and 2016 were invited. Socio-demographic, anthropometric, medical data were collected and 75 gm OGTT with serum insulin estimation, HbA1c and fasting lipid profile were done at the hospital visit. RESULTS: Women (N = 267) were tested at 32.5 (±4.6) years of age and at a median (q(25-)q(75)) of 20 (12-44) months following the index delivery. Dysglycemia was found in 57.7% by ADA criteria [Diabetes in 10.5% and prediabetes in 47.2%]. Risk factors for cardiovascular disease were significantly more prevalent among these women. On multivariable analysis, HOMA-IR correlated positively, while insulinogenic index correlated negatively with postpartum dysglycemia. CONCLUSION: This is possibly the first long term (>1 year) glucose tolerance outcome study in South Asian women with history of GDM diagnosed by IADPSG criteria, which demonstrates significantly elevated risk of postpartum dysglycemia. While the IADPSG criteria identify women with a lower future conversion to diabetes compared with previous criteria, prediabetes conversion remains high, thereby offering an opportunity to intervene early and prevent progression to future diabetes.
[Diagnostic value of continuous wave (cw) Doppler sonography in maternal diabetes mellitus].; Doppler studies of umbilical, uterine and arcuate artery velocity wave forms were performed in 40 insulin-dependent diabetic women in the first and second half of pregnancy. Using a continuous-wave Doppler device, the resistance index (RI) was calculated to determine the degree of vascular resistance in utero-placental and foeto-placental compartment. The 90th percentile was used to classify flow velocity profiles. In addition, diastolic notching and incomplete registration of uterine and arcuate arteries were considered as an abnormal result in utero-placental perfusion. The prevalence of abnormal velocity wave forms in this risk group was higher than in a non-diabetic population. No significant correlation was found between abnormal Doppler studies and White's classification. Patients with vasculopathy represent a high-risk group for foetal growth retardation, which may be detected early by umbilical and especially uterine artery Doppler studies. Abnormal uterine and arcuate artery wave forms allowed identification of patients who developed pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia.
Neonatal Myocardial Infarction in Association With Gestational Diabetes.; Fetal and neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a complication of gestational diabetes and usually follows a benign course. In this report, we present a rare case of a newborn of a diabetic mother with severe ventricular hypertrophy who developed myocardial infarction confirmed by elevated cardiac enzymes, electrocardiographic changes, and subendocardial ischemia on cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. Follow-up revealed complete functional myocardial recovery with normalisation of ventricular systolic and diastolic functions on serial echocardiograms.
Glucose tolerance test with a single abnormal value in pregnancy and the risk of type-2 diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the association between a single abnormal value on a 3-h 100 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results and future type-2 diabetes mellitus (Type-2 DM). METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of women between 18 and 45 years of age who underwent a 3-h OGTT during pregnancy and delivered in a tertiary medical center between 2007 and 2014. The women  were followed for a median period of 64 months postpartum. According to OGTT values, women were divided into three groups: normoglycemic (normal OGTT), single abnormal OGTT value (SAV) and gestational diabetes mellitus (two or more abnormal OGTT values, GDM). General pre-pregnancy characteristics, cardiovascular risk factors and future diagnosis of Type-2 DM, as the primary outcome, were recorded. RESULTS: During the study period, 5295 women underwent an OGTT and were followed for a median period of 64 months (interquartile range of 32). The cohort was divided as following: 3639 (68.73%) were normoglycemic, 854 (16.13%) had a SAV in the OGTT and 802 (15.15%) were diagnosed with GDM. Compared with normoglycemic controls, women with SAV and GDM tended to be older (32.20, 33.10 and 31.35 years for SAV, GDM and controls, respectively, p < 0.001); with higher rates of pre-pregnancy obesity (18.62%, 20.77% and 13.22% for SAV, GDM and controls, respectively, p < 0.001), pre-pregnancy hyperlipidemia (13.35%, 15.30% and 10.52% for SAV, GDM and controls, respectively, p = 0.021) and pre-pregnancy chronic hypertension (5.50%, 4.43% and 3.18% for SAV, GDM and controls, respectively, p = 0.01). Post-pregnancy Type-2 DM was diagnosed at a higher rate among women with SAV or GDM (2.69% for SAV, 7.39% for GDM and 0.66% for normoglycemic controls, p < 0.001). Using a cox proportional hazard regression, SAV and GDM were significantly and independently associated with a higher rate of future overt type-2 diabetes (adjusted aOR 3.59 for SAV and 11.38 for GDM, p < 0.001). In a sub-analysis of the OGTT values, overall, abnormal fasting glucose had the highest correlation with developing future Type-2 DM (8.95% compared with 6.02% for OGTT_60, 6.03% for OGTT_120 and 7.35% for OGTT_180, p < 0.001). A predictive model, combining multiple risk factors, as pre-pregnancy obesity and hypertension with SAV complicating the index pregnancy showed a risk as high as 3.40% for developing future Type-2 DM. CONCLUSION: SAV is independently associated with a significant higher rate of future Type-2 DM, as early as 5 years following the index pregnancy.
Postpartum testing for antecedent gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes is a predictor of glucose intolerance in subsequent pregnancies and in the nongravid state. Many pregnant women are not tested for gestational diabetes, although they or their offspring may show signs suggestive of antecedent hyperglycemia. We examined the diagnostic utility of a postpartum (within 48 hours), 100 gm, oral glucose tolerance test and cord plasma glucose, cord plasma C-peptide, and 2-hour neonatal plasma glucose tests to detect antecedent gestational diabetes in women with documented gestational diabetes (n = 37) or with normal glucose tolerance test results late in the third trimester (n = 28). The 1-hour, 2-hour, and incremental 1-hour + 2-hour [( 1-hour - fasting] + [2-hour - fasting]) [2-hour - fasting]) glucose values of the postpartum glucose tolerance test showed significant differences between study participants with and without gestational diabetes (164 +/- 30 versus 115 +/- 22, 145 +/- 31 versus 101 +/- 21, and 153 +/- 51 versus 67 +/- 33 mg/dl, respectively, p less than 0.025). Maternal fasting and 3-hour postpartum glucose tolerance test glucose, cord plasma glucose, cord plasma C-peptide, and 2-hour neonatal plasma glucose values showed no significant between-group differences. Receiver operating characteristic curve analyses for these tests indicated that the incremental 1-hour + 2-hour postpartum glucose tolerance test glucose values best sustain test specificity at the low test threshold values necessary for high test sensitivity. A threshold of 110 mg/dl for this test yielded a predicted specificity of 90% and sensitivity of 80% with regard to antecedent gestational diabetes.
[Relationship between gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome].; BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated to a significant increase in the risk of diabetes, coronary heart disease and stroke, resulting in a 5-fold increase of the cardiovascular death rate. AIM: To determine the relationship between gestational diabetes (GD) and the development of MS at the end of puerperal period. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We conducted a case-control study in the Curanilahue Hospital, in southern Chile, including 58 women with GD during their pregnancy, studied in day 42 of their puerperal period (study group) and 58 puerperal women from the same hospital, who had a physiological pregnancy (control group). Triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, fasting and post prandial blood glucose levels, blood pressure, waist circumference, weight and height were measured. MS was diagnosed using the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP - ATP III) criteria. RESULTS: Mean weight, body mass index, waist circumference, blood glucose and triglycerides were significantly higher in the study group and HDL cholesterol was significantly lower in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest a significant relationship between GD and the occurrence of MS.
S100B Maternal Blood Levels in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Are Birthweight, Gender and Delivery Mode Dependent.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is one of the main causes of perinatal mortality/morbidity. Today, a parameter offering useful information on fetal central nervous system (CNS) development/damage is eagerly awaited. We investigated the role of brain-protein S100B in the maternal blood of GDM pregnancies by means of a prospective case-control study in 646 pregnancies (GDM: n = 106; controls: n = 530). Maternal blood samples for S100B measurement were collected at four monitoring time-points from 24 weeks of gestation to term. Data was corrected for gender and delivery mode and correlated with gestational age and weight at birth. Results showed higher (p < 0.05) S100B from 24 to 32 weeks and at term in GDM fetuses than controls. Higher (p < 0.05) S100B was observed in GDM male new-borns than in females from 24 to 32 weeks and at term, in GDM cases delivering vaginally than by caesarean section. Finally, S100B positively correlated with gestational age and weight at birth (R = 0.27; R = 0.37, respectively; p < 0.01). The present findings show the usefulness of S100B in CNS to monitor high-risk pregnancies during perinatal standard-of-care procedures. The results suggest that further investigations into its potential role as an early marker of CNS growth/damage in GDM population are needed.
Homocysteine level and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: It is reported that elevated homocysteine (Hcy) level represents an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, the relationship between Hcy level and GDM remains controversial. Our study aimed to systematically review available literature linking Hcy to GDM for a comprehensive understanding of the relationship between circulating Hcy level and GDM in humans. METHODS: PubMed, The Cochrane Library, and Web of Science were searched for studies published up to January 2021. Manual searches of references of the relevant studies were also conducted. Standard mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (95%CI) were calculated to evaluate the relationship between Hcy level and GDM using the Review Manager 5.3 and Stata 12.0. RESULTS: Of 106 references reviewed, 12 studies with a total of 712 GDM patients contributed to the present meta-analysis. Hcy level was significantly elevated in women with GDM compared with those without GDM (SMD = 0.55; 95% CI: 0.25-0.85, p = .0003). In the subgroup meta-analyses, this evidence was more consistent among women with Hcy sampling during the second trimester (SMD = 0.76, 95% CI: 0.34-1.18, p = .0004) and with average age ≥30 years (SMD = 0.69, 95% CI: 0.25-1.12, p = .002). CONCLUSION: The evidence indicated that the level of circulating Hcy was significantly elevated among women with GDM compared with those with normal glucose tolerance, especially with mean age ≥30 years and in the second trimester.
Intergenerational transmission of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.; Studies in women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and their children suggest that the in utero 'diabetic' environment in which the fetus develops can increase the risk of diabetes in the child, in a non-genetic but heritable fashion. Studies in rodents provide strong evidence for maternal transmission of diabetes, but are based primarily on a model type 1 DM and there is no standard animal model of type 2 DM in pregnancy or of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), although those reported uniformly show glucose intolerance in the offspring. Rodent models of diet-induced obesity have relevance to current upward trends in maternal obesity and GDM, although maternal glucose homeostasis is not always assessed and elements of the diet may have an independent influence. The mechanisms by which maternal type 2DM evokes a higher risk of the disorder in the offspring are likely to result from epigenetic modification in early life of pathways of pancreatic β cells and of liver and muscle insulin signalling pathways. Also, epigenetic processes associated with hormonal imbalance may lead to irreversible 'reordering' of hypothalamic neural networks in fetal/neonatal life, permanently alter energy balance and lead to obesity with associated insulin resistance.
Pregnancy Complications Are Associated with Premature Coronary Artery Disease: Linking Three Cohorts.; Background: There is increasing evidence that women who experience placenta-mediated pregnancy complications and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) later in life. We hypothesized that there is an association between placenta-mediated pregnancy complications, GDM, and risk of premature CAD (PCAD). Methods: This research project involved a data linkage approach merging three databases of South Australian cohorts by using a retrospective, age-matched case-control study design. Cases (n = 721) were ascertained from the Coronary Angiogram Database of South Australia (CADOSA). Women <60 years from CADOSA were linked to South Australian Perinatal Statistics Collection (SAPSC) to ascertain their prior pregnancy outcomes. Controls (n = 194) were selected from North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS) and comprised women who were healthy or had other health conditions unrelated to CAD, age-matched to CADOSA (±5 years), and linked to SAPSC to determine their pregnancy outcomes. PCAD was defined as >50% stenosis in one or more coronary arteries at coronary angiography. Results: Compared with women without a history of PCAD, women who were diagnosed with PCAD were more likely to have experienced the placenta-mediated pregnancy complications of preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 2.46, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21-5.00) or low-birth weight (adjusted OR = 2.44, 95% CI: 1.22-4.88), or have been diagnosed with active asthma during pregnancy (adjusted OR = 3.52, 95% CI: 1.05-11.76). Conclusion: Placenta-mediated pregnancy complications should be recognized as clear risk markers for future PCAD.
Gestational diabetes mellitus upsets the proportion of fatty acids in umbilical arterial but not venous plasma.; OBJECTIVE: Neonates of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have reduced levels of arachidonic acid (AA) (20:4 n-6) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (22:6 n-3). To assess whether this is the result of impaired placental transfer or endogenous fetal metabolism, fatty acids in umbilical venous and arterial plasma were analyzed in neonates of GDM women. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Fatty acids were analyzed by gas chromatography in the plasma of 15 subjects with GDM and 30 healthy control subjects undergoing elective cesarean section and in vein and artery cord blood collected separately. RESULTS: The percentages of AA (20:4 n-6), DHA (22:6 n-3), and total n-6 or n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) as well as total PUFAs were lower in umbilical arterial but not in venous plasma of neonates of the GDM versus the control group. CONCLUSIONS: An altered handling or metabolism of long-chain PUFAs by the fetus rather than impaired placental transfer seems to be responsible for the lower proportion of those fatty acids in the plasma of neonates of GDM mothers.
Determinants of mild gestational hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes mellitus in a large dutch multiethnic cohort.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to identify independent determinants of mild gestational hyperglycemia (MGH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to assess the correlation between fasting glucose and C-peptide levels among control, MGH, and GDM women. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,022 consecutive women were evaluated with a 1-h 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT) at between 16 and 33 weeks of gestation. Women with a capillary whole-blood glucose > or =7.8 mmol/l in the GCT underwent a 3-h 100-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). On the basis of a positive GCT, the women with a positive OGTT were classified as GDM, whereas the women with a negative OGTT were classified as MGH. The following data were collected for all women: age, prepregnancy BMI, ethnicity, clinical and obstetric history, pregnancy outcome, and C-peptide level. RESULTS: A total of 813 women (79.6%) were normal, 138 (13.5%) had MGH, and 71 (6.9%) had GDM. There was a stepwise significant increase in mean fasting glucose (3.6 +/- 0.4, 3.9 +/- 0.4, and 4.7 +/- 0.7 mmol/l, respectively) and C-peptide level (0.60 [0.1-2.4], 0.86 [0.3-2.0], and 1.00 [0.5-1.6] nmol/l, respectively) among the three diagnostic groups. Maternal age, non-Caucasian ethnicity, and prepregnancy BMI were associated with GDM, whereas only maternal age and prepregnancy BMI were associated with MGH. A positive correlation between levels of fasting glucose and C-peptide was found in control women (r = 0.39 [95% CI 0.31-0.46]). A similar result was seen in MGH women (r = 0.38 [95% CI 0.23-0.52]), whereas the correlation between fasting glucose and C-peptide was nearly lost in GDM women (r = 0.14 [CI -0.09 to 0.36]). The fasting C-peptide-to-glucose ratio was reduced by 60% in GDM patients versus control subjects and MGH patients (0.41 +/- 0.25 vs. 0.70 +/- 0.20 and 0.73 +/- 0.23, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Of the well-known independent determinants of GDM, only maternal age and prepregnancy BMI were associated with MGH. It appears that additional factors promoting loss of beta-cell function distinguish MGH from GDM. One of these factors appears to be ethnicity.
The Association of Twin Chorionicity with Maternal Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate the association between maternal outcomes and twin chorionicity in a large, contemporary obstetric population. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study was conducted at a single, large tertiary care center. Prenatal and inpatient records for all individuals with twin gestations were reviewed from 2000 to 2016. Patients with monoamniotic twins, higher-order multiples reduced to twins, multiple sets of twins in the study period, or undetermined chorionicity were excluded. Patients with monochorionic twins were compared with those with dichorionic twins. The co-primary outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Secondary outcomes included cesarean delivery, preterm delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and other maternal outcomes. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were performed to assess associations of chorionicity with maternal outcomes. RESULTS: Of the 2,979 patients eligible for inclusion, 2,627 (88.2%) had dichorionic twin gestations and 352 (11.8%) had monochorionic twin gestations. Patients with monochorionic twins were less likely to self-identify as non-Hispanic White and to have conceived via assisted reproductive technology but were more likely to be publicly insured, multiparous and have prenatal care with a maternal-fetal medicine provider. Neither gestational diabetes mellitus (6.8% monochorionic vs. 6.2% dichorionic, p = 0.74; adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.06, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.60-1.86) nor hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (21.9% monochorionic vs. 26.3% dichorionic, p = 0.09; adjusted OR 0.99, 95% CI, 0.71-1.38) differed by chorionicity. Of the secondary maternal outcomes, patients with monochorionic twins experienced a lower frequency of cesarean delivery (46.0 vs. 61.8%, p < 0.001), which persisted after multivariate analyses (adjusted OR 0.60, 95% CI 0.46-0.80). There were no differences in preterm delivery, preterm premature rupture of membranes, hemorrhage, hysterectomy, or intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The odds of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy do not appear to differ by twin chorionicity. KEY POINTS: · Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy do not differ by twin chorionicity.. · Gestational diabetes mellitus does not differ by twin chorionicity.. · Maternal outcomes are similar for individuals with monochorionic and dichorionic twin gestations..
Investigation of the effect of gestational diabetes on fetal cardiac tissue in streptozotocin ınduced in rats.; PURPOSE: To investigate the cause of congenital anomalies resulted from gestational diabetes on fetal cardiac tissue in experimental animal study model. METHODS: Totally 12 female Wistar albino rats were divided into two groups, each consisting of 6 rats. Streptozotocin (60 mg/kg) was administered intraperitoneally to the study group by dissolving in citrate solution. The rats with a blood glucose level of 200 mg/dL and above were considered to be diabetic rats. Total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidative stress (TOS) and oxidative stress index (OSI) values were calculated in the cardiac tissues and maternal serum samples of the fetuses delivered by cesarean section after the mating process. The cardiac tissues were also subjected to histopathological examination. RESULTS: TOS and OSI values in fetal cardiac tissues of the diabetic rats were found to be significantly higher than that of the control group (p=0.026 and p=0.005). Histopathological examination revealed that the mitotic index was lower and the cell organization was found to be damaged in the fetuses of the study group rats. CONCLUSION: Increased levels of free oxygen radicals considered to be due to hyperglycemia may cause congenital anomalies, especially during organogenesis period, by disrupting cell homeostasis and adversely affecting mitosis.
Reduced glucose-stimulated insulin secretion following a 1-wk IGF-1 infusion in late gestation fetal sheep is due to an intrinsic islet defect.; Insulin and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) are fetal hormones critical to establishing normal fetal growth. Experimentally elevated IGF-1 concentrations during late gestation increase fetal weight but lower fetal plasma insulin concentrations. We therefore hypothesized that infusion of an IGF-1 analog for 1 wk into late gestation fetal sheep would attenuate fetal glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS) and insulin secretion in islets isolated from these fetuses. Late gestation fetal sheep received infusions with IGF-1 LR3 (IGF-1, n = 8), an analog of IGF-1 with low affinity for the IGF binding proteins and high affinity for the IGF-1 receptor, or vehicle control (CON, n = 9). Fetal GSIS was measured with a hyperglycemic clamp (IGF-1, n = 8; CON, n = 7). Fetal islets were isolated, and insulin secretion was assayed in static incubations (IGF-1, n = 8; CON, n = 7). Plasma insulin and glucose concentrations in IGF-1 fetuses were lower compared with CON (P = 0.0135 and P = 0.0012, respectively). During the GSIS study, IGF-1 fetuses had lower insulin secretion compared with CON (P = 0.0453). In vitro, glucose-stimulated insulin secretion remained lower in islets isolated from IGF-1 fetuses (P = 0.0447). In summary, IGF-1 LR3 infusion for 1 wk into fetal sheep lowers insulin concentrations and reduces fetal GSIS. Impaired insulin secretion persists in isolated fetal islets indicating an intrinsic islet defect in insulin release when exposed to IGF-1 LR3 infusion for 1 wk. We speculate this alteration in the insulin/IGF-1 axis contributes to the long-term reduction in β-cell function in neonates born with elevated IGF-1 concentrations following pregnancies complicated by diabetes or other conditions associated with fetal overgrowth.NEW & NOTEWORTHY After a 1-wk infusion of IGF-1 LR3, late gestation fetal sheep had lower plasma insulin and glucose concentrations, reduced fetal glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, and decreased fractional insulin secretion from isolated fetal islets without differences in pancreatic insulin content.
Prevention by maternal pancreatic islet transplantation of hypothalamic malformation in offspring of diabetic mother rats is already detectable at weaning.; Exposure to gestational diabetes (GD) in rats leads to dysplasia of the ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus (VMN), decisively involved into the regulation of body weight and metabolism. Recently, we have shown here that VMN malformation is absent in adult offspring of GD mothers treated by pancreatic islet transplantation during gestation. We therefore now investigated whether VMN malformation and its prevention are already present at the early postnatal end of the critical hypothalamic differentiation period. Already at weaning, the total number of VMN neurons, the volume of the VMN relative to total brain volume, and the numerical density of neurons in the anterior subnucleus of the VMN were reduced in offspring of sham-transplanted mothers (all P<0.05), but did not differ between offspring of islet-transplanted mothers and controls. No morphometric alterations occurred in the paraventricular hypothalamic nucleus. In conclusion, prevention of VMN malformation in offspring of islet-transplanted diabetic mothers is a direct consequence of normalized maternal metabolism during critical perinatal development.
[Screening, diagnosis and management of diabetes mellitus and diabetic complications].; Diabetes mellitus comprises a group of metabolic disturbances that are characterized by hyperglycemia. In 1997 the American Diabetes Association (ADA) proposed new criteria for the diagnosis and classification of diabetes mellitus, which was also adopted by WHO. Although the criteria is the same, the ADA puts emphasis on the use of the fasting plasma glucose (FPG) for screening and diagnosis, whereas WHO maintains the use of the OGTT and recommends the FPG only if an OGTT can not be performed. Different pathogenetic processes are involved in the development of diabetes ranging from autoimmune destruction of beta-cells resulting in an absolute insulin deficiency to insulin with a defect on insulin secretion. The new classification is based on the etiology of the disease. Diabetes is classified into one of four categories: Type-1, type-2 Diabetes mellitus, specific forms of diabetes, and gestational diabetes. For screening and diagnosis FPG or the two hour value after the OGTT can be used. Glycosylated hemoglobin is not suitable for screening and diagnosis of diabetes despite some contradictory statements. For many decades clear evidence was missing that chronic hyperglycemia caused diabetic late complications; complications including dysfunction or failure of several organ systems, in particular eyes, kidneys, nerves, and the cardiovascular system. The results of two large prospective trials--the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT; 1993) and the United Kingdom Prospective Study (UKPDS; 1998)--that were recently published provided the final proof that normoglycemia prevents or delays the progression of these late complications. Due to the insidious nature of these complications they are often not diagnosed and have to be looked for in each patients with diabetes and have to be controlled regularly. Based on the results of the UKPDS and other studies, evidence based therapeutic goals could be defined. Multifactorial interventions with increased physical activity, cessation of smoking, aspirin treatment, lowering of HbA1c, blood pressure, and lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes have been proven to drastically reduce the risk of developing diabetic nephropathy or cardiovascular complications drastically. We recommend the following treatment strategy for patients with type 2 diabetes in clinical practice: 1) Treatment should be individualized. 2) Treatment should be started step by step to document efficacy of treatment and compliance of patients. 3) Plasma glucose and blood pressure should be normalized in all patients with type 2 diabetes (up to an age of 70 years), since there are no threshold values for HbA1c and blood pressure. 4) Therapeutic goals should be checked every three to six months. 5) In the case that therapeutic goals can not be met, treatment should be intensified. Often a combination therapy with many different drugs is required. 6) A specialist for diabetes should be consulted, if the therapeutic goals can not be met over a period of six months.
Physical exercise during pregnancy--physiological considerations and recommendations.; Controversial findings in numerous studies involving physiological and endocrinological parameters indicate that physical exercise during pregnancy is complex and somewhat poorly understood. But despite this reservation, it is safe to say that on the basis of the current state of scientific research in this area, physical exercise is to be recommended during pregnancy so long as women are aware of potential dangers and contraindications. Due to thermoregulatory advantages, the beneficials effects of immersion and its joint protective character "aquatic exercise" can be highly recommended during pregnancy. Psychologically speaking, physical exercise offers a variety of benefits such as the encouragement of cooperation and competition which can be experienced as fun and gratifying. The physiological and psychological benefits of physical exercise are not only available to healthy women, but have also proven to be valuable for the prevention and treatment of illnesses such as gestational diabetes. The activation of large groups of muscles allow for an improved glucose utilization by simultaneously increasing insulin sensitivity.
Influence of maternal metabolism and parental genetics on fetal maldevelopment in diabetic rat pregnancy.; The purpose of this study was to investigate the influence of parental transgenerational genetics and maternal metabolic state on fetal maldevelopment in diabetic rat pregnancy. Rats from an inbred malformation-resistant (W) strain, and an inbred malformation-prone (L) strain, were cross-mated to produce two different F(1) hybrids, WL and LW. Normal (N) and manifestly diabetic (MD) WL and LW females were mated with normal males of the same F(1) generation to obtain WLWL and LWLW F(2) hybrids. Maternal diabetes increased malformation and resorption rates in both F(2) generations. MD-WLWL offspring had higher resorption rate but similar malformation rate compared with the MD-LWLW offspring. Malformed MD-WLWL offspring presented with 100% agnathia/micrognathia, whereas malformed MD-LWL offspring had 60% agnathia/micrognathia and 40% cleft lip and palate. The MD-WL dams showed increased β-hydroxybutyrate levels and alterations in concentrations of several amino acids (taurine, asparagine, citrulline, cystine, glutamic acid, leucine, tyrosine, and tryptophan) compared with MD-LW dams. Fetal glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (Gapdh) activity and gene expression were more altered in MD-WLWL than MD-LWLW. Fetal gene expression of reactive oxygen species (ROS) scavenger enzymes was diminished in MD-WLWL compared with MD-LWLW. Glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor and Ret proto-oncogene gene expression was decreased in both MD-WLWL and MD-LWLW fetuses, whereas increased bone morphogenetic protein 4 and decreased Sonic hedgehog homolog expression was found only in MD-LWLW fetuses. Despite identical autosomal genotypes, the WL and LW dams gave birth to offspring with markedly different malformation patterns. Together with fetal differences in enzymatic activity and expression of Gapdh, ROS scavengers, and developmental genes, these results may suggest a teratological mechanism in diabetic pregnancy influenced by maternal metabolism and parental strain epigenetics.
Prevalence and impact of pre-pregnancy body mass index on pregnancy outcome: a cross-sectional study in Croatia.; The aim of this study was to determine the association of maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and pregnancy outcome among pregnant women in Croatia. Women who gave birth in Croatia in 2017 were categorised into four groups according to pre-pregnancy BMI and analysed regarding maternal characteristics and perinatal outcomes. Among 32,051 pregnant women, 5.3% were underweight, 65.5% had normal BMI, 20.4% were overweight and 8.8% were obese. Overweight and obese women had a higher prevalence of induction of labour and delivery by caesarean section compared to normal-BMI women (p < .001), while underweight and obese women had a higher prevalence of preterm birth (p < .001). Gestational diabetes (GD), gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were higher in overweight and obese group. Multivariate logistic regression model showed that older maternal age, higher BMI, GD, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were significant predictors of having non-spontaneous onset of labour and of not delivering vaginally.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Women with abnormal body mass index (BMI) compared to women with normal BMI have an increased risk of various complications during pregnancy and labour such as preterm birth and low birth weight for underweight women, and foetal macrosomia, labour induction and delivery by caesarean section for obese women.What do the results of this study add? This study was performed on a large national cohort of pregnant women and its results show that the majority of adverse perinatal outcomes present in obese women are also present among overweight women. Additional attention should be paid to women with a modest increase in BMI who present the majority of women with abnormal BMI.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Risks identified in this study must be acknowledged and taken into account when counselling and managing women before and during pregnancy and labour. Women must be encouraged throughout pregnancy to either gain weight or limit weight gain if they are in adverse BMI group.
Placental vascular dysfunction in diabetic pregnancies: intimations of fetal cardiovascular disease?; In the human placenta, the angioarchitecture of fetal vessels lying in maternal blood is useful for nutrient uptake, but it makes the synthesis, maturation and functioning of placental vessels vulnerable to any alterations in the fetal and maternal environment. This review discusses how the maternal diabetic milieu, and the resultant fetal hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia, may act together to produce an altered placental vascular phenotype, which includes increased angiogenesis, altered junctional maturity, increased vascular endothelial-like growth factor (VEGF), altered VEGF and insulin receptor profiles, and upregulation of genes involved in signal transduction, transcription and mitosis in placental endothelial cells. The placental vascular dysfunction does extend to other fetal vascular beds including endothelial cells from umbilical vessels, where there are reports of elevated basal iNOS activity and altered sensitivity to insulin. There is emerging evidence of epigenetic modulation of fetal endothelial genes in diabetes and long-term vascular consequences of this. Thus, placental vascular dysfunction in diabetes may be contributing to and describing disturbances in the fetal vasculature, which may produce an overt pathological response in later life if challenged with additional cardiovascular stresses.
Early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors during pregnancy in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: This study aimed to analyze the incidence of early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This was a retrospective study. Five hundred eighty-nine women diagnosed with GDM were enrolled and followed up at 6-12 weeks after delivery. A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and lipid levels were performed during mid-trimester and the early postpartum period. Participants were divided into the normal lipid group and dyslipidemia group according to postpartum lipid levels. Demographic and metabolic parameters were analyzed. Multiple logistic regression was performed to analyze the potential predictors for early postpartum dyslipidemia. A receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) was calculated to determine the cut-off values. RESULTS: A total of 38.5% of the 589 women developed dyslipidemia in early postpartum and 60% of them had normal glucose metabolism. Delivery age, systolic blood pressure (SBP), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were independent predictors of early postpartum dyslipidemia in women with a history of GDM. The cut-offs of maternal age, SBP, HbA1c values, and LDL-C levels were 35 years, 123 mmHg, 5.1%, and 3.56 mmol/L, respectively. LDL-C achieved a balanced mix of high sensitivity (63.9%) and specificity (69.2%), with the highest area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) (0.696). When LDL-C was combined with age, SBP, and HbA1c, the AUC reached to 0.733. CONCLUSIONS: A lipid metabolism evaluation should be recommended in women with a history of GDM after delivery, particularly those with a maternal age > 35 years, SBP > 123 mmHg before labor, HbA1c value > 5.1%, or LDL-C levels > 3.56 mmol/L in the second trimester of pregnancy.
Distribution of Fatty Acids and Lipids During Pregnancy.; Maternal fatty acid and lipid metabolism undergoes changes during pregnancy to facilitate fetal growth and development. Different types of fatty acids have different roles in maintaining a successful pregnancy and they are incorporated into different forms of lipids for the purpose of storage and transport. This chapter aims to provide an understanding of the distribution and metabolism of fatty acids and lipids in the maternal, placental, and fetal compartments. We further describe how this distribution is altered in maternal obesity, preterm birth, and pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, and intrauterine growth restriction.
Sequential longitudinal evaluation of cardiac growth and ventricular diastolic filling in fetuses of well controlled diabetic mothers.; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and abnormal ventricular diastolic filling in the infant of the diabetic mother is related to poor maternal glycemic control. Evaluation of fetuses of well controlled diabetic mothers has not been examined. Eleven fetuses of nondiabetic mothers (normals) and 9 fetuses of well controlled insulin-dependent diabetic mothers (FODMs) underwent serial evaluation of cardiac growth and ventricular diastolic filling using M-mode and Doppler echocardiography at 20-26 weeks' (period 1), 27-33 weeks' (period 2), 34-40 weeks' (period 3),m and 48-72 hours after birth (period 4). Indices of right and left ventricular diastolic filling included time velocity integral ratios (E/A and %E/E+A). Cardiac growth and birth weight in the two groups were similar consistent with "good" glycemic control. This conclusion was supported by similar maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (%A1C) prenatally and newborn %A1C and C-peptide values postnatally. Heart rate before and after birth and placental resistance prenatally were similar. Both normals and FODMs demonstrated an increase in left ventricular E/A and %E/E+A ratios from period 1 to 4 (p < 0.0001). This shift occurred earlier (by period 2) in normals (p < 0.01). Right ventricular filling ratios increased by period 4 in normals only (p < 0.01). No differences were noted between the groups during any period. Good glycemic control in FODMs results in normal cardiac growth and ventricular diastolic filling. Progression of diastolic filling is abnormally delayed, however, and is presumably more exaggerated in poorly controlled diabetics.
Pregnancy as the prodrome to vascular dysfunction and cardiovascular risk.; In previously apparently healthy women, glucose intolerance and high blood pressure during pregnancy are common and frequently occur together. This article reviews the role of these gestational disorders as markers of vascular dysfunction and its pathophysiology. Mechanisms include alterations to function of large arteries and resistance vessels and to capillary blood flow. Much of the vessel pathology is seen in both gestational diabetes and hypertension. In women who have had transient diabetes during pregnancy and later redeveloped overt diabetes, cardiovascular risk is already elevated nearly fourfold before diagnosis, which is almost as high as the average risk after a clinical diagnosis of diabetes is made. This key finding suggests that vascular risk in such women is at least partly independent of overt hyperglycemia.
Increased oxidative stress and cytokinesis-block micronucleus cytome assay parameters in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational arterial hypertension.; We investigated whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational arterial hypertension (GH) are associated with increased oxidative stress and DNA damage. Study included 3 groups of pregnant women (GDM, GH and control). DNA damage biomarkers (micronuclei MNi, nucleoplasmic bridges NPBs and nuclear buds NBUDs) were assessed by cytokinesis-block micronucleus cytome assay. Oxidative stress levels were evaluated by analyzing malondialdehyde equivalents (TBARS) and 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG). Genotoxic effect of methyldopa, drug used to treat GH, was evaluated in in vitro experiment. TBARS levels, MNi, NPBs and NBUDs frequencies were significantly increased in both GDM and GH group. Concentrations of 8-OHdG were significantly higher in GDM than in other groups. Since methyldopa did not affect MNi, NPBs and NBUDs frequencies, nor TBARS and 8-OHdG levels, we concluded that methyldopa has no genotoxic effect. Thus, even when hyperglycemia or hypertension are present only during pregnancy they induce oxidative stress, DNA damage and chromosomal aberrations.
Cardiometabolic profile of people screened for high risk of type 2 diabetes in a national diabetes prevention programme (FIN-D2D).; AIMS: To study screening of high-risk individuals as part of a national diabetes prevention programme in primary health care settings in Finland between 2003 and 2007, and evaluate the cardiometabolic risk profile of persons identified for intervention. METHODS: High-risk individuals were identified by the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC), history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease (CVD), or gestational diabetes. Participants subsequently underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. CVD morbidity risk was estimated by the Framingham Study Risk Equation and CVD mortality risk by the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation Formula (SCORE). RESULTS: A high-risk cohort of 10,149 (of whom 30.3% men) was identified (mean age 54.7 for men, 53.0 for women). Altogether 18.8% of men and 11.5% of women had screen-detected diabetes. In total 68.1% of men and 49.4% of women had abnormal glucose tolerance (IFG, IGT or screen-detected diabetes). Furthermore, 43.2% and 41.5% of men, and 13.3% and 11.3% of women, respectively, had a high predicted risk of CVD morbidity or mortality. CONCLUSION: Prevalence of dysglycemia including undiagnosed diabetes and the predicted risk for CVD was alarmly high in the identified high-risk cohort, particularly in men.
Regression of gestational diabetes induced cardiomegaly in offspring of diabetic rat.; PURPOSE: To compare body weight and length, heart weight and length, heart-to-body weight ratio, glycemia, and morphometric cellular data of offspring of diabetic rats (ODR) and of normal rats (control). METHODS: Diabetes was induced in 3 pregnant Wistar rats, bearing 30 rats, on the 11th day after conception by intraperitoneal injection of 50 mg/kg of streptozotocin. Six normal pregnant Wistar rats, bearing 50 rats, made up the control group. Morphometric data were obtained using a scale for the weight, length, heart and body measurements. Morphometric cellular data were obtained by a computer assisted method applied to the measurements of myocytes. Statistical analysis utilized Student's t-test, ANOVA and Levene test. RESULTS: Control offspring had greater mean body weight and length than offspring of diabetic rats (p < 0.001). Heart weight and length and heart-to-body ratios of newborn rats differed between groups at birth (p < 0.001), but showed no difference at 21 days. Mean nuclei area and perimetric value of the myocytes decrees throughout the first 21 days of life (p < 0.01) in the diabetic group. CONCLUSIONS: Heart hypertrophy on the offspring of diabetic rats at birth was demonstrated by the significant difference between the groups. After the eleventh day, no difference was found, which confirmed regression of cardiomegaly. The significant difference between the first and the 21th day of life, for nuclei area feature, demonstrate regression of cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats.
Understanding the Experiences of East African Immigrant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: East African (EA) women are a subpopulation who are at very high risk for gestational diabetes (GDM) and poor obstetric outcomes, but little is known about the care experiences of this understudied group. The objective of this study was to document the impact of a diagnosis of GDM and the perceptions of diabetes care among EA immigrant women. METHODS: Semistructured in-depth interviews were conducted with 10 EA immigrant women diagnosed with GDM in Calgary; they were recruited from community and tertiary care settings. Interviews were transcribed verbatim and analyzed using inductive thematic content analysis to explore participants' experiences when accessing and receiving care. RESULTS: EA immigrant women had varied experiences related to GDM. Thematic analysis revealed the negative impact of GDM diagnoses on women, including the burdens of self-care, fear, community influences and cultural and financial barriers. The positive impacts of the experience of diagnosis noted were primarily in the empowerment to make healthful behaviour changes. CONCLUSIONS: Study findings point to the need for more context-specific and culturally appropriate support and care. Diagnoses of GDM extended beyond the individuals affected and impacted their families culturally, psychologically and financially. Addressing the emergent themes during pregnancy is imperative to improving care providers' engagement with EA immigrant women in postpartum diabetes screening activities and beyond. The findings of this study contain elements transferable to other immigrant groups in similar socioecologic contexts.
Microvascular disease during pregnancy in type 1 diabetes is associated with ambulatory arterial stiffness.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to evaluate the association between the ambulatory arterial stiffness index (AASI) and markers of microvascular disease during pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 151 women with type 1 diabetes mellitus were recruited for repeat 24-h BP recordings thrice during pregnancy and once three months post partum. Fifty women without diabetes served as controls. The AASI and pulse pressure (PP) were computed from blood pressure recordings. Repeated measures analysis of variance was used for comparison between groups during and after pregnancy. Linear regression analysis was performed with AASI and PP as dependent variables and albuminuria and retinopathy as independent variables. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: AASI during diabetic pregnancy and association with microvascular disease. RESULTS: Micro- or macroalbuminuria was present in 23% of the women and 58% had either simplex or proliferative retinopathy. The AASI was inversely associated with the coefficient of determination, which means that the stiffer vascular wall the more random variability in BP. CONCLUSION: AASI showed a strong association with microvascular disease during pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes. Together with the flattened circadian rhythm this indicates a pregnancy-related functional change in the vascular bed.
Weight Gain and Progression to Type 2 Diabetes in Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; CONTEXT: The effect of weight gain on the development of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not fully understood in Asian women who have a relatively low body mass index (BMI). OBJECTIVE: We investigated the effect of postpartum longitudinal BMI change on the development of diabetes in Korean women with a history of GDM. DESIGN AND SETTING: The study included a hospital-based, multicenter, prospective cohort with median follow-up of 4.0 years. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 418 women with previous GDM or gestational impaired glucose tolerance were recruited and underwent an oral glucose tolerance test at 6 weeks postpartum and annually thereafter. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The risk of diabetes was analyzed according to the tertiles of BMI change. Changes in BMI were calculated between the initial postpartum visit and the last follow-up or at the onset of diabetes. RESULTS: The BMI change in each tertile was -1.8 ± 1.1, -0.2 ± 0.3, and 1.6 ± 1.2 kg/m(2), respectively. We observed an increased risk of incident diabetes as the tertile of BMI change increased (8.6%, 12.6%, and 16.9%, P = .039). Postpartum BMI change was an independent predictor of diabetes in a multivariate Cox analysis (hazard ratio 1.27, 95% confidence interval 1.04-1.56, P = .021), even after adjusting for BMI at the last follow-up. In the highest tertile group, there was a significant deterioration in cardiovascular risk factors including blood pressure, lipid profile, and insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSIONS: Postpartum increase in BMI is significantly associated with a risk of diabetes and deterioration of metabolic phenotypes in Korean GDM women.
Language Impairment in Children of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes, Preeclampsia, and Preterm Delivery: Current Hypothesis and Potential Underlying Mechanisms : Language Impartment and Pregnancy Complications.; Many conditions may impair or delay language development, including socioeconomic status, parent's education, or intrauterine environment. Accordingly, increasing evidence has described that pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, and preterm delivery, are associated with the offspring's impaired neurodevelopment. Since language is one of the high brain functions, alterations in this function are another sign of neurodevelopment impairment. How these maternal conditions may generate language impairment has yet to be entirely understood. However, since language development requires adequate structural formation and function/connectivity of the brain, these processes must be affected by alterations in maternal conditions. However, the underlying mechanisms of these structural alterations are largely unknown. This manuscript critically analyzes the literature focused on the risk of developing language impairment in children of mothers with GDM, preeclampsia, and preterm delivery. Furthermore, we highlight potential underlying molecular mechanisms associated with these alterations, such as neuroinflammatory and metabolic and cerebrovascular alterations.
An immunohistologic study of endothelialization of uteroplacental vessels in human pregnancy--evidence that endothelium is focally disrupted by trophoblast in preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to study the endothelial status of the luminal lining of uteroplacental vessels in the human placental bed in normal and abnormal pregnancy in the third trimester. STUDY DESIGN: Six placental basal plates from uncomplicated pregnancies and five from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia (n = 3), preeclampsia and a small-for-gestational-age infant (n = 1), and diabetes mellitus (n = 1) were accessioned from the archives because of documentation of their containing uteroplacental vessels. Five placental bed biopsy specimens with intraluminal endovascular trophoblast in the third trimester were also studied. Sections were subjected to immunohistochemical analysis with monoclonal and polyclonal antibodies labeling endothelium and trophoblast. RESULTS: In third-trimester normal uncomplicated pregnancies the uteroplacental arteries and veins were completely endothelialized with no disruption of the endothelium. In third-trimester abnormal pregnancies the uteroplacental veins were also completely endothelialized. However, intraluminal endovascular trophoblast was seen within the uteroplacental arteries in eight of the 10 complicated pregnancies; this finding was associated with disruption of the endothelium. CONCLUSION: In preeclampsia there is an aberrant wave of endovascular trophoblast migration in the third trimester, resulting in focal disruption of the endothelium. This may be responsible for the endothelial cell dysfunction thought to be of pathogenetic importance in preeclampsia.
Oxidized LDL, insulin resistance and central blood pressure after gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an indicator of future cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether sensitive biomarkers of increased cardiovascular risk differ between women with and without a history of GDM few years after pregnancy, and whether obesity affects the results. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We studied two cohorts - 120 women with a history of GDM and 120 controls, on average 3.7 years after delivery. Circulating concentrations of oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) were determined by ELISA. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was used to estimate insulin resistance. Central blood pressure (cBP) was measured noninvasively from a radial artery pulse wave. The primary outcomes were possible differences in oxLDL, HOMA-IR or cBP between the groups. Secondly, we investigated the influence of obesity on the results, also using adjusted multiple linear regression analyses. RESULTS: OxLDL concentrations or cBP did not differ between the two cohorts, but HOMA-IR was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than in controls, 1.3 ± 0.9 (SD) and 1.1 ± 0.9, respectively (p = 0.022). In subgroup analyses, HOMA-IR (p < 0.001), systolic (p < 0.001) and diastolic (p < 0.001) cBP were significantly higher in obese subgroups compared with non-obese ones. Body mass index was an important determinant of HOMA-IR and cBP in multiple linear regression analyses. CONCLUSIONS: Over 3 years after delivery, women with GDM were still more insulin-resistant than controls. Obesity turned out to be a more important determinant of insulin resistance and cBP compared with GDM.
Adverse obstetric outcomes in early-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus: The Japan Environment and Children's Study.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: To examine adverse outcomes in women with early-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus using data from a large birth cohort study in Japan. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study analyzed data from singleton pregnancies in the Japan Environment and Children's Study including births during 2011-2014. Mothers with an HbA1c level ≥6.5% in the first trimester, a history of diabetes mellitus, or steroid use during pregnancy were excluded. The participants were divided into three groups: control (without gestational diabetes mellitus), early-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (diagnosed before gestational week 24), and late-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (diagnosed after gestational week 24). Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to calculate the risk of early-diagnosed and late-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus for adverse obstetrics outcomes. RESULTS: In total, 100,376 eligible participants were included in this study. The number of individuals in control cases, early-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus cases, and late-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus cases was 98,090 (97.7%), 751 (0.7%), and 1,535 (1.5%), respectively. When control cases were used as reference, multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that early-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus increased the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio: 2.08, 95% confidence interval: 1.51-2.86), early-onset hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio: 1.91, 95% confidence interval: 1.01-3.65), and late-onset hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio: 1.92, 95% confidence interval: 1.29-2.86). CONCLUSION: Early-diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with serious obstetric complications. Our findings indicate the necessity of further investigations to validate the benefit of early screening for gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women.
Borderline gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy outcomes.; BACKGROUND: The impact of borderline gestational diabetes mellitus (BGDM), defined as a positive oral glucose challenge test (OGCT) and normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), on maternal and infant health is unclear. We assessed maternal and infant health outcomes in women with BGDM and compared these to women who had a normal OGCT screen for gestational diabetes. METHODS: We compared demographic, obstetric and neonatal outcomes between women participating in the Australian Collaborative Trial of Supplements with antioxidants Vitamin C and Vitamin E to pregnant women for the prevention of pre-eclampsia (ACTS) who had BGDM and who screened negative on OGCT. RESULTS: Women who had BGDM were older (mean difference 1.3 years, [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.3, 2.2], p = 0.01) and more likely to be obese (27.1% vs 14.1%, relative risk (RR) 1.92, [95% CI 1.41, 2.62], p < 0.0001) than women who screened negative on OGCT. The risk of adverse maternal outcome overall was higher (12.9% vs 8.1%, RR 1.59, [95% CI 1.00, 2.52], p = 0.05) in women with BGDM compared with women with a normal OGCT. Women with BGDM were more likely to develop pregnancy induced hypertension (17.9% vs 11.8%, RR 1.51, [95% CI 1.03, 2.20], p = 0.03), have a caesarean for fetal distress (17.1% vs 10.5%, RR 1.63, [95% CI 1.10, 2.41], p = 0.01), and require a longer postnatal hospital stay (mean difference 0.4 day, [95% CI 0.1, 0.7], p = 0.01) than those with a normal glucose tolerance.Infants born to BGDM mothers were more likely to be born preterm (10.7% vs 6.4%, RR 1.68, [95% CI 1.00, 2.80], p = 0.05), have macrosomia (birthweight > or =4.5 kg) (4.3% vs 1.7%, RR 2.53, [95% CI 1.06, 6.03], p = 0.04), be admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) (6.5% vs 3.0%, RR 2.18, [95% CI 1.09, 4.36], p = 0.03) or the neonatal nursery (40.3% vs 28.4%, RR 1.42, [95% CI 1.14, 1.76], p = 0.002), and have a longer hospital stay (p = 0.001). More infants in the BGDM group had Sarnat stage 2 or 3 neonatal encephalopathy (12.9% vs 7.8%, RR 1.65, [95% CI 1.04, 2.63], p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: Women with BGDM and their infants had an increased risk of adverse health outcomes compared with women with a negative OGCT. Intervention strategies to reduce the risks for these women and their infants need evaluation. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN00416244.
Previous Pre-Eclampsia, Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension Place Women at High Cardiovascular Risk: But Do We Ask?; BACKGROUND: Women who experience vascular complications of pregnancy, including pre-eclampsia, hypertension and diabetes, are at increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Yet patients and their medical providers have low awareness of the significance of these 'non-traditional' cardiovascular risk factors. We aimed to determine the prevalence and medical provider awareness of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in women with CAD. METHODS: Women aged 18-70 years treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) across three tertiary hospitals were invited to participate in a pregnancy-related telephone interview at 12 months post-PCI. Electronic medical records (EMR) were retrospectively reviewed for documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in the 12 months prior to, and including, the PCI admission. RESULTS: A total of 102 women (mean age 59.8±7.7 years) underwent PCI for CAD and completed the pregnancy history questionnaire. Approximately three-quarters (73.5%, 75/102) of women had been pregnant, of which 25.3% (19/75) had experienced vascular complications consisting of pre-eclampsia 31.5% (6/19), gestational diabetes 36.8% (7/19), and gestational hypertension 73.6% (14/19). Documentation of traditional CVD risk factors occurred in 209/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact (99.1%), while documentation of 'non-traditional' pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors occurred in 0/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact. CONCLUSION: More than a quarter of women treated with PCI for CAD had experienced a past pregnancy-related vascular complication. Despite vascular complications of pregnancy predicting future CAD, medical providers were not obtaining a history of these 'non-traditional' cardiovascular risk factors.
Fetoplacental oxygen homeostasis in pregnancies with maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity.; Despite improvements in clinical management, pregnancies complicated by pre-existing diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity carry substantial risks for parent and offspring. Some of the endocrine and metabolic changes in parent and fetus in diabetes mellitus and obesity lead to fetal oxygen deficit, mostly due to insulin-induced accelerated fetal metabolism. The human fetus deals with reduced oxygenation through a wide range of adaptive responses that act at various levels in the placenta as well as the fetus. These responses ensure adequate oxygen delivery to the fetus, increase the oxygen transport capacity of fetal blood and redistribute oxygen-rich blood to vital organs such as the brain and heart. The liver has a central role in adapting to reduced oxygenation by increasing its oxygen extraction and stimulating erythropoietin synthesis to increase haematocrit. The type of adaptive response depends on the onset and duration of hypoxia and the severity of the metabolic disturbance. In pregnancies characterized by diabetes mellitus or obesity, these adaptive systems come under additional strain owing to the increased maternal supply of glucose and resultant fetal hyperinsulinaemia, both of which stimulate oxidative metabolism. In the rare situation that the adaptive responses are overwhelmed, stillbirth can ensue.
The management of hypertension in a diabetic pregnancy.; Pregnancy in a woman with Type 1 diabetes poses several clinical challenges. In addition to meticulous glycaemic control, careful attention must be paid to the management of developing and pre-existing diabetic complications which may progress in severity during pregnancy. Pregnancy-induced hypertension is more common in women with diabetes and especially in those with diabetes of long duration. Diabetic renal disease is associated with hypertension which often deteriorates during pregnancy. The management of hypertension is difficult because of limited therapeutic options and the need to consider the implications for the developing fetus as well as the mother. This case report details the clinical management of a young woman with Type 1 diabetes whose pregnancy was complicated by the development of hypertension.
Maternal sleep during pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: Sleep problems are important public health concern worldwide. We carried out a meta-analysis to quantitatively evaluate whether sleep duration was associated with pregnancy outcomes, and the associations were modified by important characteristics of studies. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Based on PubMed, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials databases, we searched for published literature related to maternal sleep duration and adverse pregnancy outcomes before 30 June 2021. We carried out risk of bias assessment, subgroup analyses and sensitivity analysis. The relative risks or odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were used to estimate the pooled effects. RESULTS: A total of 5,246 references were identified through a database search, and 41 studies were included in the study. Pregnant women with short sleep duration had 1.81-fold (95% CI 1.35-2.44, P < 0.001) the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus. The association between short sleep duration and the risk of gestational hypertension, cesarean section, low birthweight, preterm birth and small for gestational age were not significant (P > 0.05). Furthermore, long sleep duration was significantly correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio1.24. 95% CI 1.12-1.36, P < 0.001) and CS (odds ratio 1.13. 95% CI 1.04-1.22, P = 0.004), whereas long sleep duration was not linked with gestational hypertension, low birthweight, preterm birth and small for gestational age (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Short/long sleep duration appeared to be associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, specifically with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. Sleep should be systematically screened in the obstetric population.
Arterial stiffness, inflammatory and pro-atherogenic markers in gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: This study aims to determine whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased arterial stiffness, inflammatory and pro-atherogenic markers compared to age matched controls. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study involving 53 pregnant women in the early third trimester of pregnancy consisting of 31 women with normal pregnancy and 22 women with GDM. Subjects were grouped into GDM and control groups based on modified oral glucose tolerance test results; they were considered GDM if fasting blood glucose (FBG) was ≥ 6.1 mmol/L and/or the two hours post-glucose intake was ≥ 7.8 mmol/L. Arterial stiffness was assessed non-invasively using the parameters augmentation index (AIx) obtained via pulse wave analysis and carotid femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV). Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), high sensitivity C- reactive protein (hsCRP) and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) were measured using enzyme linked immunoassay technique (ELISA). Aortic and brachial blood pressure (BP) indices were also recorded. RESULTS: Mean ages and gestational ages (GA) for the control and GDM groups showed no significant differences (31.1 ± 5.68 vs. 32.9 ± 8.46 years; 29.0 ± 2.43 vs. 29.6 ± 1.54 weeks respectively). FBG and 2 hour post-glucose levels were significantly higher in GDM; (5.27 ± 1.19 vs. 3.94 ± 0.44 mmol/L, p < 0.001; 9.66 ± 1.76 vs. 5.68 ± 1.10 mmol/L, p < 0.001). TNF-alpha, PAI-1 and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in GDM compared to controls (0.81 ± 0.15 vs. 0.72 ± 0.13 pg/ml, 54.48 ± 13.07 vs. 36.16 ± 15.58 cm/ml, 7.91 ± 1.16 vs. 6.70 ± 1.45 mg/l respectively). PWV (8.28 ± 1.48 vs. 7.97 ± 1.12) and AIx (16.73 ± 10.98 vs. 16.13 ± 9.64 %) were not significantly different between the two groups. No significant differences were seen for aortic and brachial BP, mean arterial pressure and body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: The inflammatory markers TNF-alpha and hsCRP, and the pro-atherogenic marker PAI-1 were elevated in GDM compared to age matched controls. No significant difference was seen between the two groups in their arterial stiffness.
Relationship between mean platelet volume and vitamin D deficiency in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether vitamin D deficiency is associated with high mean platelet volume (MPV) in pregnancies diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to healthy pregnancies. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This study included 200 pregnant women. 25-hydroxyvitamin D3(25(OH)D3) and MPV values were monitored between pregnant women with GDM and normal glucose metabolism. Correlation between 25(OH)D3 and MPV was calculated both in GDM and healthy pregnancies. Both 25(OH)D3 level in different MPV percentile (≤ 50, 50-75, 75-90, ≥ 90 percentile) and MPV value in different 25(OH)D3 level (≤ 10, 10-20, ≥ 20 ng/mL) were calculated. RESULTS: Low 25(OH)D3 level and high MPV were observed both in GDM group (p = 0.007, p = 0.06, respectively) and in glucose metabolism disorders (GMD) group (p = 0.03, p = 0.04, respectively). There was no significant relationship between 25(OH)D3 and MPV in healthy pregnancies. Whereas, it is observed that there is a negative, but statistically insignificant correlation between MPV and 25(OH)D3 pregnant women with GMD (r = 0.1, r = -0.7, respectively). MPV values had significantly higher in vitamin D deficient group than pregnant women with normal 25(OH)D3 level in GMD group (p = 0.04). The optimal 25(OH)D3 cut off point for predicting future cardiovascular risk was 10.4 ng/ mL (area under curve (AUC) = 0.58). CONCLUSIONS: Vitamin D deficiency may contribute to an increased risk for future cardiovascular diseases and a risk of thrombotic complications in pregnant women with GDM.
Metformin versus insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.; The aim of the present meta-analysis was to determine the efficacy and safety of metformin for the treatment of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We searched databases, including PubMed, Embase and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing metformin and insulin treatments in women with GDM. We carried out statistical analyses using RevMan 2011 and used the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations profiler to rate the quality of evidence of the primary outcomes. We analysed eight studies involving 1592 subjects. Meta-analysis of the RCTs showed that metformin had statistically significant effects on pregnancy-induced hypertension [PIH; risk ratio (RR) 0.54; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.31, 0.91]. However, its effects on neonatal hypoglycaemia (RR 0.80; 95% CI 0.62, 1.02), rate of large-for-gestational age infants (RR 0.77; 95% CI 0.55, 1.08), respiratory distress syndrome (RR 1.26; 95% CI 0.67, 2.37), phototherapy (RR 0.94; 95% CI 0.67, 1.31) and perinatal death (RR 1.01; 95% CI 0.11, 9.53) were not significant. Our analyses suggest that there is no clinically relevant difference in efficacy or safety between metformin and insulin; however, metformin may be a good choice for GDM because of the lower risk of PIH. The advantages of metformin in terms of glycaemic control, PIH incidence and gestational age at birth are unclear, and should be verified in further trials.
Progression of retinopathy in type 1 diabetic women during pregnancy.; Progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) occurs at least temporarily during pregnancy and postpartum. The pathogenetic mechanisms of DR progression during pregnancy are not fully understood. Several factors related to metabolic changes (hyperglycaemia), diabetes itself (duration of diabetes before conception, baseline status of DR), pregnancy physiology (hypervolaemia and hypercoagulation, impaired retinal autoregulation) and pregnancy complications (pre-eclampsia) seem to play important roles in the progression of DR during pregnancy. On the other hand, systemic angiopoietic and vasoactive factors seem to have minor role in the deterioration of DR during that time period. Good glycaemic control, normotension, lack of nephropathy as well as lack of pre-proliferative/proliferative changes of DR are good prognostic factors as regards the progression of DR during pregnancy. However, pregnancy seems to have no long-term detrimental effects as regards the progression of DR unless it has proceeded to pre-proliferative and proliferative phases.
[Morphological changes in the brain of fetuses and newborn infants with diabetic fetopathy].; Brains of 13 newborns and 7 foetuses dying intranatally from mothers suffering from diabetes mellitus were examined. Morphological changes found permit making the conclusion about an unfavourable influence of diabetes mellitus on the developing foetus. Developmental disturbances in the central nervous system, such as slow down of the migration and differentiation of cells and degenerative changes in nervous and glial cells were observed. The cortex and brain stem were equally damaged. Certain morphological alterations in the hippocamp and vessels allow one to presume a relatively specific action of the mother diabetes mellitus on the foetal brain as similar changes are observed in adults with diabetes mellitus.
Three-dimensional ultrasonographic placental volume in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate the placental volume and placental mean gray value in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy placentas using three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound and Virtual Organ Computer-aided AnaLysis (VOCAL). METHODS: This case-control prospective study consisted of 39 singleton pregnancies complicated by GDM and 42 healthy singleton pregnancies matched for gestational age, maternal age and parity. Placental volume and placental volumetric mean gray values were evaluated. The placental volume (cm(3)) was analyzed using the VOCAL imaging analysis program and 3D histogram was used to calculate the volumetric mean gray value (%). RESULTS: Placental volume was significantly larger in GDM (411.59 ± 170.82 versus 343.86 ± 128.94 cm(3); p = 0.046). There was no significant difference in mean gray value between GDM and healthy placentas (36.65 ± 7.02 versus 38.71 ± 7.91, respectively; p = 0.277). Placental volume was significantly correlated with gestational week (r = 0.219, p = 0.035) and parity (r = 0.228, p = 0.048). There was negative significant relation between placental volume and umbilical artery systolic/diastolic ratio, pulsatility index and resistance index (r = -0.278, p = 0.007; r = -0.315, p = 0.002; r = -0.322, p = 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Placental volume increases significantly in GDM, whereas mean gray values do not alter significantly. These data may reflect the placental changes in GDM placentas that may help to understand the pathophysiology better.
Combined past preeclampsia and gestational diabetes is associated with a very high frequency of coronary microvascular dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: A history of preeclampsia (pPE) and gestational diabetes (pGDM) are female-specific risk markers for atherosclerosis and future cardiovascular risk. In addition to increasing the risk of established risk factors for atherosclerosis, such as hypertension or diabetes, evidence suggests that pregnancy-related complications can also directly accelerate atherosclerosis by inducing endothelial dysfunction. A combination of both conditions is seen in a subset of patients with pregnancy, though it is not known whether this combination increases the overall risk for cardiovascular events. AIMS: Present study aimed to find the impact of combined pPE/pGDM on the prevalence of coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD). METHODS: A total of 24 patients with combined pPE/pGDM, 19 patients with isolated pPE and 63 patients with pGDM were included to the present study and a further 36 healthy women with no previous pregnancy-related complications served as controls. Coronary flow reserve was measured using echocardiography and CMD was defined as a coronary flow reserve ≤2.5. RESULTS: Patients with combined pPE/pGDM had a high prevalence of CMD (91%), which was significantly higher than controls (5.6%, p < 0.001) and patients with pGDM (55%, p = 0.01). A history of pPE on top of pGDM was associated with an increased risk of CMD (HR:6.28, 95%CI:1.69-23.37, p = 0.006) after multivariate adjustment, but pGDM did not increase the odds for CMD in those with pPE. CONCLUSIONS: Combined pPE/pDM is associated with a very high prevalence of CMD, which may indicate an increased risk for future cardiovascular events.
VACTERL association and maternal diabetes: a possible causal relationship?; BACKGROUND: Some factors(s)/features(s) of maternal insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus are considered common human teratogens. Although the variable association of cardiac, renal, and skeletal anomalies are commonly observed in infants from diabetic mothers, the relationship between VACTERL (i.e., the association of vertebral and cardiac defects, tracheo-esophageal fistula, renal/radial malformations, and other limb anomalies) and maternal diabetes has not been sufficiently emphasized in the literature. CASE: We report on a 3-year-old boy presenting with a constellation of blastogenetic malformations strongly suggestive of VACTERL association. His mother was affected by insulin-dependent diabetes since she was 7 years old and pregnancy history disclosed very high glucose and HbA1c levels, especially during the first 2 gestational months. CONCLUSIONS: In an attempt to properly counsel the parents, we reviewed the literature and identified four additional patients with VACTERL and first trimester exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus. Although this evidence does not strongly support a causal relationship between these two conditions, additional arguments may substantiate this hypothesis. The pathogenesis of diabetic embryopathy in relation to the VACTERL phenotype is also discussed.
Management of pregnant and postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease using multi-disciplinary team models of care: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: More women with an increased risk of poor pregnancy outcome due to pre-existing medical conditions are becoming pregnant. Although clinical care provided through multi-disciplinary team (MDT) working is recommended, little is known about the structure or working practices of different MDT models, their impact on maternal and infant outcomes or healthcare resources. The objectives of this review were to consider relevant international evidence to determine the most appropriate MDT models of care to manage complex medical conditions during and after pregnancy, with a specific focus on pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease in high income country settings. METHODS: Quantitative and qualitative evidence of MDT models of care for the management of pregnant/postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes and cardiac disease was considered. A search of the literature published between January 2002 - January 2014 was undertaken. Methodological quality was assessed using checklists developed by the Joanna Briggs Institute. Given limited primary and secondary research evidence, guidelines and opinion papers were included. Two independent reviewers conducted critical appraisal of included papers. RESULTS: Nineteen papers were included from UK, Canada, USA, the Netherlands and Singapore. No studies were found which had compared MDT models for pregnant/postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease. Two small retrospective studies reported better outcomes for women with cardiac disease if an MDT approach was used, although evidence to support this was limited. Due to study heterogeneity it was not possible to meta-analyse data. No evidence was identified of MDT management in the postnatal period or impacts of MDT working on healthcare resources. CONCLUSIONS: Despite widespread promotion of MDT models of care for pregnant and postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease, there is a dearth of primary evidence to inform structure or working practices or beneficial impact on maternal and infant outcomes or healthcare resources. Primary research into if or how MDT models of care improve outcomes for women with complex pregnancies is urgently needed.
Association between maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and offspring anthropometry in early childhood: the pandora wave 1 study.; BACKGROUND: In-utero hyperglycemia exposure influences later cardiometabolic risk, although few studies include women with pre-existing type 2 diabetes (T2D) or assess maternal body mass index (BMI) as a potential confounder. OBJECTIVE: To explore the association of maternal T2D and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with childhood anthropometry, and the influence of maternal BMI on these associations. METHODS: The PANDORA cohort comprises women (n = 1138) and children (n = 1163). Women with GDM and T2D were recruited from a hyperglycemia in pregnancy register, and women with normoglycemia from the community. Wave 1 follow-up included 423 children, aged 1.5-5 years (median follow-up age 2.5 years). Multivariable linear regression assessed associations between maternal antenatal variables, including BMI and glycemic status, with offspring anthropometry (weight, height, BMI, skinfold thicknesses, waist, arm and head circumferences). RESULTS: Greater maternal antenatal BMI was associated with increased anthropometric measures in offspring independent of maternal glycemic status. After adjustment, including for maternal BMI, children exposed to maternal GDM had lower mean weight (-0.54 kg, 95% CI: -0.99, -0.11), BMI (-0.55 kg/m(2), 95% CI: -0.91, -0.20), head (-0.52 cm, 95% CI: -0.88, -0.16) and mid-upper arm (-0.32 cm, 95% CI: -0.63, -0.01) circumferences, and greater mean suprailiac skinfold (0.78 mm, 95% CI: 0.13, 1.43), compared to children exposed to normoglycemia. Adjustment for maternal BMI strengthened the negative association between GDM and child weight, BMI and circumferences. Children exposed to maternal T2D had smaller mean head circumference (-0.82 cm, 95% CI: -1.33, -0.31) than children exposed to normoglycemia. Maternal T2D was no longer associated with greater child mean skinfolds (p = 0.14) or waist circumference (p = 0.18) after adjustment for maternal BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Children exposed to GDM had greater suprailiac skinfold thickness than unexposed children, despite having lower mean weight, BMI and mid-upper arm circumference, and both GDM and T2D were associated with smaller mean head circumference. Future research should assess whether childhood anthropometric differences influence lifetime cardiometabolic and neurodevelopmental risk.
Risk of glucose intolerance and gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to maternal habitual snoring during early pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) or habitual snoring is known to be associated with impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes among both men and non-pregnant women. We examined the association of habitual snoring during early pregnancy with risk of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A cohort of 1,579 women was interviewed during early pregnancy. We collected information about snoring frequency during early pregnancy. Results from screening and diagnostic tests for IGT and GDM were abstracted from medical records. Multivariate logistic regression models were fitted to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) of IGT and GDM associated with snoring in early pregnancy. RESULTS: Overall, women who snored "most or all of the time" had a 2.1-fold increased odds of IGT (OR 2.10; 95% CI 1.31-3.35) and a 2.5-fold increased odds of GDM (OR 2.50; 95% CI 1.34-4.67) as compared with women who never snored. Compared with lean women (pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) <25 kg/m2) who did not snore, lean snorers had a 2-fold increased odds of GDM (OR = 1.99, 95% CI: 1.07-3.68). The odds of GDM risk was particularly elevated among overweight women (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2) who snored (OR = 5.01; 95% CI 2.71-9.26). However, there was no evidence of an interaction between overweight and snoring with GDM risk (p-value = 0.144). CONCLUSIONS: These findings, if confirmed, may have important implications for tailoring prenatal care for overweight pregnant women, and /or those with a history of habitual snoring in early pregnancy.
Retrospective application of algorithms to improve identification of pregnancy outcomes from the electronic health record.; OBJECTIVE: To improve upon the accuracy of ICD codes for identifying maternal and neonatal outcomes by developing algorithms that incorporate readily available EHR data. STUDY DESIGN: Algorithms were developed for gestational hypertension (GHTN), pre-eclampsia (PreE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and were compared to ICD codes and chart review. Accuracy and sensitivity analyses were calculated with their respective 95% confidence limits for each of the comparisons between algorithms, ICD codes alone, and chart review. RESULTS: Sensitivity of GHTN ICD codes was 8.1% vs. 83.8% for the algorithm when compared to chart review. In comparison to chart review, sensitivity of ICD codes for PreE was 7.5% vs. 71.4% for the algorithm. GDM had similar sensitivity rates for both ICD codes and the algorithm. CONCLUSION: Application of algorithms, validated by chart review, enhanced capture of several outcomes. Algorithms should be obligatory adjunct tools to the ICD codes for identification of outcomes of interest.
Racial/Ethnic Differences in Gestational Diabetes Prevalence and Contribution of Common Risk Factors.; BACKGROUND: The White House, the American Heart Association, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute have all recently acknowledged the need to disaggregate Asian American subgroups to better understand this heterogeneous racial group. This study aims to assess racial/ethnic differences in relative contribution of risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) among Asian subgroups (Asian Indian, Chinese, Filipino, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese), Hispanics, non-Hispanic blacks, and non-Hispanic whites. METHODS: Pregnant women in 2007-2012 were identified through California state birth certificate records and linked to the electronic health records in a large mixed-payer ambulatory care organisation in Northern California (n = 24 195). Relative risk and population attributable fraction (PAF) for specific racial/ethnic groups were calculated to assess the contributions of advanced maternal age, overweight/obesity (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) standards and World Health Organization (WHO)/American Diabetes Association (ADA) body mass index cut-offs for Asians), family history of type 2 diabetes, and foreign-born status. RESULTS: GDM was most prevalent among Asian Indians (19.3%). Relative risks were similar across all race/ethnic groups. Advanced maternal age had higher PAFs in non-Hispanic whites (22.5%) and Hispanics (22.7%). Meanwhile family history (Asian Indians 22.6%, Chinese 22.9%) and foreign-borne status (Chinese 40.2%, Filipinos 30.2%) had higher PAFs in Asian subgroups. Overweight/obesity was the most important GDM risk factor for non-Hispanic whites, Hispanics, Asian Indians, and Filipinos when the WHO/ADA cut-off points were applied. Advanced maternal age was the only risk factor studied that was modified by race/ethnicity, with non-Hispanic white and Hispanic women being more adversely affected than other racial/ethnic groups. CONCLUSIONS: Overweight/obesity, advanced maternal age, family history of type 2 diabetes, and foreign-borne status are important risk factors for GDM. The relative contributions of these risk factors differ by race/ethnicity, mainly due to differences in population prevalence of these risk factors.
N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide is decreased in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort trial.; BACKGROUND: N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is elevated in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. This trial aimed to generate data for gestational diabetes mellitus patients, who are at risk to develop these complications. METHODS: We have measured NT-proBNP in 223 otherwise healthy women between gestational week 24 and 32 referred to the outpatient diabetes unit in a cross-sectional study. RESULTS: 88 control subjects, 45 patients with indication for medical nutrition therapy (MNT) alone and 90 patients who required insulin therapy were included. Groups of women were comparable regarding gestational week. Body mass index before pregnancy and at blood draw was significantly higher in subjects with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus compared to MNT controlled gestational diabetes mellitus. NT-proBNP was significantly lower in patients with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (35 ± 25 pg/ml) compared to controls (53 ± 43 pg/ml, p = 0.012). CONCLUSIONS: NT-proBNP is within the reference range of normal subjects in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Differences in body mass index, changes in glomerular filtration rate and haemodynamics may explain lower NT-proBNP concentrations in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus. A false negative interpretation needs to be considered in these women.
Reduced fetal telomere length in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an important complication of pregnancy that poses significant threats to women and their offspring. Telomere length shortens as cellular damage increases and is associated with metabolic diseases. Telomere length in fetal leucocytes was determined in 82 infants of women with GDM (N = 82) and 65 normal pregnant women (N = 65). Women with preeclampsia (N = 45) and gestational hypertension (N = 23) were also studied. In the GDM group, telomere length was significantly shorter than normal pregnancy (P = 0.028), but there were no significant differences in fetal telomere length between preeclampsia and normal pregnancy (P = 0.841) and between gestational hypertension and normal pregnancy (P = 0.561). Regression analysis revealed that fetal telomere length was significantly associated with intrauterine exposure to GDM (P = 0.027 after adjustment for maternal age, gestational age at delivery, birth weight and fetal gender). Shortened telomere length may increase the risk of metabolic diseases in adulthood of GDM offspring.
Lifestyle intervention in prevention of type 2 diabetes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: one-year results of the FIN-D2D project.; BACKGROUND: Lifestyle interventions are effective in preventing type 2 diabetes (T2D). Women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may have barriers to lifestyle changes, and the previous results of lifestyle interventions are contradictory reporting either favorable outcomes or no significant beneficial effects. Our aim was to compare cardio-metabolic risk profile and responses to a 1-year lifestyle intervention program in women with and without history of GDM. METHODS: The Implementation Project of the Program for Prevention of Type 2 Diabetes (FIN-D2D) was conducted in Finland in five hospital districts. Altogether 1,661 women aged ≤45 years participated in the program. One-year follow-up was available for 393 women who did not have screen-detected T2D at baseline, and 265 of them had at least one intervention visit [115 (43.4%) women with history of GDM and 150 (56.6%) without history of GDM]. RESULTS: At baseline, women with GDM had similar baseline glucose tolerance but better anthropometric characteristics, blood pressure, and lipid profile than women without GDM after adjustment for age. Beneficial changes in cardiovascular risk profile existed among women with and without GDM during follow-up and the effect of lifestyle intervention was similar between the groups, except that low-density lipoprotein cholesterol improved only in women with GDM. Altogether, 4.0% of those with GDM and 5.0% of those without GDM developed T2D (p=0.959 adjustment for age). CONCLUSIONS: The effect of a 1-year lifestyle intervention in primary healthcare setting was similar regardless of history of GDM, both women with and without GDM benefitted from participation in the lifestyle intervention.
Gestational diabetes mellitus alters maternal and neonatal circulating endothelial progenitor cell subsets.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their offspring have reduced endothelial progenitor cell subsets and vascular reactivity. STUDY DESIGN: Women with GDM, healthy control subjects, and their infants participated. Maternal blood and cord blood were assessed for colony-forming unit-endothelial cells and endothelial progenitor cell subsets with the use of polychromatic flow cytometry. Cord blood endothelial colony-forming cells were enumerated. Vascular reactivity was tested by laser Doppler imaging. RESULTS: Women with GDM had fewer CD34, CD133, CD45, and CD31 cells (circulating progenitor cells [CPCs]) at 24-32 weeks' gestation and 1-2 days after delivery, compared with control subjects. No differences were detected in colony-forming unit-endothelial cells or colony-forming unit-endothelial cells. In control subjects, CPCs were higher in the third trimester, compared with the postpartum period. Cord blood from GDM pregnancies had reduced CPCs. Vascular reactivity was not different between GDM and control subjects. CONCLUSION: The normal physiologic increase in CPCs during pregnancy is impaired in women with GDM, which may contribute to endothelial dysfunction and GDM-associated morbidities.
Genetic and Epigenetic Factors in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pathology.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is the carbohydrate intolerance occurring during pregnancy. The risk factors of GDM include obesity, advanced maternal age, polycystic ovary syndrome, multigravidity, a sedentary lifestyle, and pre-existing hypertension. Additionally, complex genetic and epigenetic processes are also believed to play a crucial role in the development of GDM. In this narrative review, we discuss the role of genetic and epigenetic factors in gestational diabetes mellitus pathogenesis.
SUCNR1 Is Expressed in Human Placenta and Mediates Angiogenesis: Significance in Gestational Diabetes.; Placental hypervascularization has been reported in pregnancy-related pathologies such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Nevertheless, the underlying causes behind this abnormality are not well understood. In this study, we addressed the expression of SUCNR1 (cognate succinate receptor) in human placental endothelial cells and hypothesized that the succinate-SUCNR1 axis might play a role in the placental hypervascularization reported in GDM. We measured significantly higher succinate levels in placental tissue lysates from women with GDM relative to matched controls. In parallel, SUCNR1 protein expression was upregulated in GDM tissue lysates as well as in isolated diabetic fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (FpECAds). A positive correlation of SUCNR1 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) protein levels in tissue lysates indicated a potential link between the succinate-SUCNR1 axis and placental angiogenesis. In our in vitro experiments, succinate prompted hallmarks of angiogenesis in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) such as proliferation, migration and spheroid sprouting. These results were further validated in fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (FpECAs), where succinate induced endothelial tube formation. VEGF gene expression was increased in response to succinate in both HUVECs and FpECAs. Yet, knockdown of SUCNR1 in HUVECs led to suppression of VEGF gene expression and abrogated the migratory ability and wound healing in response to succinate. In conclusion, our data underline SUCNR1 as a promising metabolic target in human placenta and as a potential driver of enhanced placental angiogenesis in GDM.
The impact of pre-pregnancy body mass index on the risk of gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) on the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a large unselected population. METHODS: We performed a case control study using data collected in The Consortium on Safe Labor database. The association between BMI and GDM was evaluated both using BMI weight categories adopted by the National Institute of Health, and separately using BMI as a continuous variable. Multiple logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate the effects of BMI, age, ethnicity, parity, chronic hypertension and antenatal steroid use on the risk of GDM. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated to approximate relative risks of GDM. A p value of <0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: After controlling for other factors, the risk of GDM increased with an increasing BMI across all weight categories. For each 1 kg/m(2) increase of BMI the OR of developing GDM was 1.08 (95% CI 1.08-1.09) and for each 5 kg/m(2) increase, the OR was 1.48 (95% CI 1.45-1.51). CONCLUSIONS: GDM is a multifactorial disorder and pre-pregnancy BMI plays an important role in that risk. Modest changes in pre-pregnancy BMI may decrease the risk of GDM substantially.
Vitamin C supplementation of the maternal diet reduces the rate of malformation in the offspring of diabetic rats.; An excess of reactive oxygen species (ROS) has been associated with the increased rate of congenital malformations in experimental diabetic pregnancy. Previous in vitro and in vivo studies show that antioxidants can protect the embryonic development in a diabetic environment. In the present investigation we examined the antiteratogenic capacity of vitamin C, an antioxidative agent not previously evaluated as a dietary supplement in diabetic pregnancy. Normal and streptozotocin diabetic rats were either fed a standard diet or a diet enriched with 0.9, 1.8 or 4% sodium ascorbate throughout pregnancy. On gestational day 20, the litters of normal and diabetic rats without vitamin C supplement contained 9 and 12% early resorptions, 2 and 17% late resorptions and 1 and 27% malformations, respectively. Vitamin C treatment reduced the rates of late resorptions and malformations in the diabetic groups in proportion to the dose administered. Thus, in the diabetic group with 4% ascorbate treatment we found unchanged numbers of early resorptions, but only 7% late resorptions (p < 0.05 vs untreated diabetic pregnancy) and 8% malformations (p < 0.05 vs untreated diabetic pregnancy). Maternal diabetes did not alter tissue levels of ascorbic acid in the fetuses at term, whereas vitamin C treatment caused accumulation of ascorbic acid in the placenta, maternal and fetal liver. Vitamin C supplementation yielded increased alpha-tocopherol concentration in the placenta and caused a reduction of the high concentrations of thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) in serum of pregnant diabetic rats. Vitamin C treatment reduces the rates of congenital malformations and late resorptions, thereby supporting that ROS are involved in the embryonic dysmorphogenesis of diabetic pregnancy.
Morphometric study of placental villi and vessels in women with mild hyperglycemia or gestational or overt diabetes.; In this study, morphometric measures of placental terminal villi and villous vessels were compared in overt, as well as gestational diabetes mellitus, and mild hyperglycemia diagnosed by oral 100 g glucose tolerance test (100 g-OGTT) and glucose profile (GP). At delivery (gestational age> or =34 weeks) a total of 207 placentas were assigned to a control group (n=56) or to one of three groups complicated by mild hyperglycemia (n=51), gestational diabetes (n=59) and overt diabetes (n=41). Placenta samples were randomly selected for blind morphometric assessment with an image analyser. Morphometric measures obtained included area and number of terminal villi and their respective villous vessels. Statistical analyses were performed using the chi-square test, ANOVA and stepwise regression (p< or =0.05). Glycemic means were 86.2 mg/dL in controls, 98.9 mg/dL in mild hyperglycemia, 114.1 mg/dL in gestational diabetes and 122.1 mg/dL in overt diabetes. Our results show that abnormal maternal glycemic levels may change the placental morphometric characteristics related to materno-fetal exchanges.
Maternal exposure to traffic-related ambient particles and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus with isolated fasting hyperglycaemia: A retrospective cohort study in Beijing, China.; BACKGROUND: Ambient particles have been associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), however, no study has evaluated the effects of traffic-related ambient particles on the risks of GDM subgroups classified by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) values. METHODS: A retrospective analysis was conducted among 24,001 pregnant women who underwent regular prenatal care and received OGTT at Haidian Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Beijing, China, 2014-2017. A total of 3,168 (13.2%) pregnant women were diagnosed with GDM, including 1,206 with isolated fasting hyperglycaemia (GDM-IFH). At a fixed-location monitoring station, routinely monitored ambient particles included fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)), black carbon (BC) and particles in size ranges of 5-560 nm (PNC(5-560)). Contributions of PNC(5-560) sources were apportioned by positive matrix factorization model. Logistic regression model was applied to estimate odds ratio (OR) of ambient particles on GDM risk. RESULTS: Among the 24,001 pregnancy women recruited in this study, 3,168 (13.2%) were diagnosed with GDM, including 1,206 with isolated fasting hyperglycaemia (GDM-IFH) and 1,295 with isolated post-load hyperglycaemia (GDM-IPH). We observed increased GDM-IFH risk with per interquartile range increase in first-trimester exposures to PM(2.5) (OR = 1.94; 95% Confidence Intervals: 1.23-3.07), BC (OR = 2.14; 1.73-2.66) and PNC(5-560) (OR = 2.46; 1.90-3.19). PNC(5-560) originated from diesel and gasoline vehicle emissions were found in associations with increases in GDM-IFH risk, but not in GDM-IPH risk. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that exposure to traffic-related ambient particles may increase GDM risk by exerting adverse effects on fasting glucose levels during pregnancy, and support continuing efforts to reduce traffic emissions for protecting vulnerable population who are at greater risk of glucose metabolism disorder.
Associations of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes during pregnancy with breastfeeding at hospital discharge and up to 6 months: the PANDORA study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity experience lower rates of breastfeeding. Little is known about breastfeeding among mothers with type 2 diabetes. Australian Indigenous women have a high prevalence of type 2 diabetes in pregnancy. We aimed to evaluate the association of hyperglycaemia, including type 2 diabetes, with breastfeeding outcomes. METHODS: Indigenous (n = 495) and non-Indigenous (n = 555) participants of the Pregnancy And Neonatal Diabetes Outcomes in Remote Australia (PANDORA) cohort included women without hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (n = 222), with GDM (n = 684) and with type 2 diabetes (n = 144). The associations of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and breastfeeding at hospital discharge, 6 weeks and 6 months post-partum were evaluated with logistic regression, after adjustment for maternal obesity, ethnicity, maternal and neonatal characteristics. RESULTS: Indigenous women were more likely to predominantly breastfeed at 6 weeks across all levels of hyperglycaemia. Compared with women with no hyperglycaemia in pregnancy, women with type 2 diabetes had lower odds for exclusive breastfeeding at discharge (adjusted OR for exclusive breastfeeding 0.4 [95% CI 0.2, 0.8] p = 0.006). At 6 weeks and 6 months, the relationship between type 2 diabetes and predominant breastfeeding was not statistically significant (6 weeks 0.7 [0.3, 1.6] p = 0.40, 6 months 0.8 [0.4, 1.6] p = 0.60). Women with gestational diabetes were as likely to achieve predominant breastfeeding at 6 weeks and 6 months as women without hyperglycaemia in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Indigenous women had high rates of breastfeeding. Women with type 2 diabetes had difficulty establishing exclusive breastfeeding at hospital discharge. Further research is needed to assess the impact on long-term breastfeeding outcomes. Graphical abstract.
Low rates of predominant breastfeeding in hospital after gestational diabetes, particularly among Indigenous women in Australia.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate rates of 'any' and 'predominant' breastfeeding in hospital among Indigenous and non-Indigenous women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A retrospective study of singleton infants born from July 2007 to December 2010 at Cairns Hospital, Australia, following GDM pregnancy, using linked hospital and birth data (n=617 infants), with a subsample of medical record reviews (n=365 infants). Aggregate data were used to compare to breastfeeding rates among infants born following non-GDM pregnancy (n=7,894 infants). RESULTS: More than 90% of all women reported any breastfeeding before hospital discharge. About 80% of women without GDM reported predominant breastfeeding. Despite significant increases over time (p<0.0001), women with GDM were less likely to predominantly breastfeed (OR 0.32, 95%CI 0.27-0.38, p<0.0001); with lower rates among Indigenous women (53%) compared with non-Indigenous (60%) women (OR 0.78, 0.70-0.88, p<0.0001); and women having a caesarean birth or pre-term infant. CONCLUSIONS: Rates of predominant in-hospital breastfeeding were lower among women with GDM, particularly among Indigenous women and women having a caesarean or pre-term birth. IMPLICATIONS: Strategies are needed to support predominant in-hospital breastfeeding among women with GDM.
Practical weight management to minimize pregnancy complications and promote women's health: the possibility of interpregnancy care.; Pregnancy is an excellent opportunity to provide medical interventions to women. It is also a stress test used to predict health. Numerous studies have demonstrated that the pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) are critical factors for pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), large or small gestational age infants, and spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB). These complications are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), which is a leading cause of mortality in women. In addition, complications adversely affect the short- and long-term prognoses of children. Optimal GWG to reduce complications is recommended based on pre-pregnancy BMI; however, racial differences should also be noted. The values in the Japanese guidelines are lower than those in the American Institute of Medicine guidelines. The Asian BMI thresholds for CVD risk are also lower than those in Europe. Therefore, weight management should be based on racial/genetic background. Interpregnancy weight gain or loss has also been reported to be associated with the risk of pregnancy complications; however, few studies have been conducted in Asian populations. Our previous reports suggested that avoiding an excess of 0.6 kg/m(2)/year of annual BMI gain may reduce the risk of HDP or GDM, and insufficient gain of < 0.25 kg/m(2)/year may increase sPTB recurrence. Annual BMI is useful for practical weight control during interpregnancy. Based on these findings, effective approaches should be established to improve the health of women and their offspring.
Breastfeeding a small for gestational age infant, complicated by maternal gestational diabetes: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Small for gestational age (SGA) infants are those born small for their gestational age, with weight below the 10th percentile. Not only do SGA infants suffer growth issues after birth, they have elevated risk for the development of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases later in life. Current research has suggested that in cases of SGA infants, maternal milk and breastfeeding are not affected. The mother of an SGA infant was diagnosed with placental insufficiency and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) during her pregnancy. The infant was born term, at 38 weeks 3 days, and SGA. The mother had a low milk supply and her milk composition differed from reference values such that the daily infant intake provided less than 50% of the required energy intake at 3 months. CONCLUSION: In cases of SGA and/or GDM, maternal milk quality and quantity may be compromised. This requires follow-up in order to reduce the disease risk for SGA infants and the corresponding public health implications.
Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism following pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a very young population of females predisposed for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction might represent a shared precursor of both disorders. Hence, this study aimed to characterize endothelial biomarkers in relation to impaired insulin sensitivity and progression to overt diabetes early after index pregnancy. METHODS: 108 women with previous GDM and 40 controls were included three to six months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments including a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and an oral glucose tolerance test. Diabetes progression was assessed in females with pGDM over 10 years of follow-up. Circulating sICAM-1 (intracellular-adhesion-molecule-1), sVCAM-1 (vascular-cell-adhesion-molecule-1) and sE-selectin, representing biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction were assessed at baseline and annually over five years. RESULTS: Endothelial biomarkers were significantly associated with insulin sensitivity (sICAM-1: r = -0.23, p = 0.009; sVCAM-1: r = -0.22, p = 0.011; sE-selectin: r = -0.21, p = 0.018) as well as with GDM status and parameters of subtle inflammation. Analysis of long-term trajectories revealed constantly elevated sICAM-1 (p = 0.033) and sE-selectin (p = 0.007) in 25 subjects with diabetes progression. Accordingly, sE-selectin levels at the early post partum visit predicted a later development of the disease (HR =1.02 95%CI 1.01 to 1.04, p = 0.013), however, this was attenuated after adjustment for BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated circulating markers of endothelial dysfunction in young females with GDM history might reflect an early stage on the pathway to the manifestation of future cardiometabolic disorders. Timely identification of women at high risk and optimization of follow-up management might provide an opportunity to prevent disease progression.
Cardiac function in fetuses of type I diabetic mothers.; Cardiac function was cross-sectionally studied by means of M-mode and Doppler echocardiography in 40 fetuses of mothers with well-controlled insulin-dependent diabetes at 20 to 38 weeks of gestation. These variables were measured: interventricular septal thickness, ratio between the peak velocities during early passive ventricular filling and active atrial filling at the level of the atrioventricular valves, peak velocities, and the time to peak velocity at the level of the ascending aorta and the pulmonary artery. The values obtained were compared with our reference limits for gestation. A significant increase of interventricular septal thickness that was unrelated to maternal glycosylated hemoglobin levels was evidenced. Early passive ventricular filling/active atrial filling ratios were significantly lower in fetuses of diabetic mothers than in control fetuses. These differences were significantly related to interventricular septal thickness. No significant modifications were found in either aortic or pulmonary peak velocities or in time to peak velocity values. These findings suggest that in spite of an adequate metabolic control an interventricular septal hypertrophy that affects cardiac diastolic function develops in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
Cardiometabolic risk, knowledge, risk perception, and self-efficacy among American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To describe cardiometabolic risk among a sample of American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes and describe the women's knowledge, risk perception for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, and self-efficacy beliefs related to preventing these diseases. DESIGN: Mixed methods, cross-sectional, exploratory, descriptive. SETTING: Four campuses within one American Indian tribal health care system in a southwestern state. PARTICIPANTS: A purposeful sample of 22 self-identified American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. METHODS: Qualitative interview data were subjected to content analysis, and descriptive statistics were used to analyze quantitative questionnaire data and biophysiologic data. RESULTS: The majority of participants (13 of 21) were classified as having metabolic syndrome, and 13 of 18 women were found to be insulin resistant. In general, the women had high levels of knowledge related to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and high risk perception, but low self-efficacy related to preventing cardiometabolic disease. The overarching theme from the in-depth interviews, struggling to change lifestyle behaviors while doubting prevention is possible, encompassed four categories that provided further illumination into participants' risk perceptions and self-efficacy beliefs: concerns, control, beliefs/attitudes, and prevention. CONCLUSIONS: High levels of knowledge and risk perception do not necessarily promote increased self-efficacy to prevent cardiometabolic disease among American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes. Findings indicate the need to further explore women's self-efficacy beliefs in the context of American Indian culture prior to developing interventions aimed at increasing self-efficacy to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Women with previous gestational diabetes are at increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease, independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes.
Value of PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting the prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational study.; The aim of this study was to investigate the potential of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and clinical data in predicting gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Clinical data of 318 pregnant women with GDM and 200 healthy pregnant women were retrospectively analysed. The age, BMI and caesarean section in GDM were significantly higher than in normal group. Serum and placental levels of PAPP-A were significantly lower in GDM than in normal group. Pearson's correlation analysis showed that serum levels of PAPP-A were negatively correlated with BMI and blood glucose level. Binary logistic regression analysis displayed that PAPP-A were the potential factors influencing GDM. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting GDM was 0.941, significantly higher than that of the single one. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? GDM not only increases the risk of perinatal morbidity, but also results in an increased risk of long-term sequelae for both mother and child including diabetes, cardiovascular disease obesity. Previous data indicate that besides glycemic control in the second trimester, interventions initiated early in pregnancy can reduce the rate of GDM in pregnant women. The expression of PAPP-A in serum of GDM pregnant women was decreased in the first trimester. Whereas, whether PAPP-A can be as an early predictor of GDM is not clear.What do the results of this study add? The present study shows that PAPP-A MoM was less than 0.6757 in the first trimester of pregnancy is more prone to GDM. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Early GDM prediction is crucial for prevention and management of GDM, to cope with the rising prevalence of GDM and reduce later life chronic disease of both mother and child. Based on the level of PAPP-A MoM and BMI, interventions such as lifestyle changes initiated early in pregnancy shouldbeenabledin pregnant women.
[Relation of uteroplacental circulation and morphologic findings in myometrial and decidual arteries in diabetic pregnancy].; Placental blood flow measurements are compared to morphologic blood vessel examinations of the placental bed and uterus. In 122 diabetic pregnant women half life time of 113m Indium labelled blood inflow curves into the placenta as measured by a gamma scintillation camera on-line recorded to a computer system. - In 57 patients histological examination of uteroplacental arteries were done. - Congruent results of placental blood flow and arterial morphology were found in 66%. - In almost all patients with normal placental blood flow extensive physiological vessel findings were recorded. In patients with reduced placental blood flow pathomorphological changes were found in 54%. - In diabetes of long duration with angiopathic complications - above all in White-classes D, F and R - the ratio of pathological findings in placental blood flow and morphology was increased. - But also in gestational diabetes and in disturbances of carbohydrate metabolism pathological results are to be found. Pathological results in placental blood flow were more often than morphological changes (70 versus 40%), so that also functional factors as uteroplacental blood flow influencing ones are to be taken into account.
[Pregnancy in type 1 diabetes: insulin pump versus intensified conventional therapy].; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate and compare the outcome of pregnancies in women with type 1 diabetes treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin pump or multiple insulin injections. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Thirty-three patients treated with pump, 23 with multiple injections. Were mainly investigated: glycemic control (HbA1C), fetal outcome (congenital malformations, preterm delivery, perinatal mortality), rates of gestational hypertension and cesarean section. RESULTS: HbA1C (1st, 2nd and 3rd trimester) with pump was not significantly different from that obtained with multiple injections (respectively, 7.5 +/- 1.24 vs 7.6 +/- 1.4; 6.34 +/- 0.6 vs 6.6 +/- 0.8; 6.6 +/- 0.7 vs 6.4 +/- 0.7). Fetal prognosis was also similar. The occurrence of gestational hypertension was linked to diabetic complications [OR 5,7, IC95% 1.24-25, p = 0.0025]. The rate of cesarean section (70% in women treated with pump) was influenced by diabetes duration. In planned pregnancy, independently of therapeutic device, HbA1C during organogenesis was better (6.9% +/- 0.78 vs 8.51 +/- 1.3, p < 0.0001) with no perinatal death and no major congenital malformation. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: Fetal prognosis is not overall significantly different with insulin pump compared with intensified conventional therapy. The initiation of insulin pump therapy should not be systematic. Instead, the benefits risks ratio must be assessed resulting in a tailored prescription according to individual needs. This therapeutic choice should be discussed before conception, as planned pregnancy is a main prognostic factor. Diabetes duration and complications remain key factors for the prognosis.
Assessment of fetal liver volume and umbilical venous volume flow in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To determine fetal liver volume and its relation with umbilical venous volume flow and maternal glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus type I. DESIGN: A cross sectional matched control study. Obstetric out patient clinic, Erasmus MC-University Medical Centre, Rotterdam. POPULATION: Data from fetuses of diabetic women (n = 32; 18-36 weeks) were compared with data from normal controls (n = 32) matched for gestational age. METHODS: Umbilical venous cross sectional area (mm(2)) and time-averaged velocity (mm/s Doppler) were determined for calculation of volume flow (mL/min) and flow per kilogram fetal weight (mL/min/kg). Umbilical artery pulsatility index was determined. Fetal liver volume measurements were obtained using a Voluson 530-D. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Fetal liver volume, umbilical venous volume flow and downstream impedance. RESULTS: A statistically significant difference between fetuses of diabetic women and normal controls was found for liver volume (mean [SD]: 45.9 [34.0] vs 38.3 [28.7] mL), abdominal circumference (22.2 [6.6] vs 21.3 [5.6] cm), estimated fetal weight (1162 [898] vs 1049 [765] g) and fetoplacental weight ratio (0.22 vs 0.19) and liver volume/estimated fetal weight ratio (4.13% [0.007] vs 3.62% [0.009]). Umbilical venous volume flow (mL/min) and umbilical artery pulsatility index were not essentially different between the two study groups, but umbilical venous volume flow per kilogram fetal weight was lower (P < 0.05) in the diabetes group (94.3 [26.1] mL/min kg) compared with normal controls (109.5 [28.0] mL/min/kg). A positive correlation existed between fetal liver volume and maternal HbA1c (P = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of fetal liver volume by three-dimensional ultrasound may play a role in identifying fetal growth acceleration in diabetic pregnancies. Fetal liver volume increase is positively related to maternal HbA1c levels reflecting degree of maternal glycemic control. Fetal liver volume normalised for estimated fetal weight is significantly higher in the fetuses of diabetic women. In the present study, umbilical venous volume flow and fetoplacental downstream impedance are not different between diabetic and normal pregnancies.
Recent Experimental Studies of Maternal Obesity, Diabetes during Pregnancy and the Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease.; Globally, cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death. Most concerning is the rise in cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, diabetes and hypertension among youth, which increases the likelihood of the development of earlier and more severe cardiovascular disease. While lifestyle factors are involved in these trends, an increasing body of evidence implicates environmental exposures in early life on health outcomes in adulthood. Maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which have increased dramatically in recent years, also have profound effects on fetal growth and development. Mounting evidence is emerging that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy have lifelong effects on cardiovascular risk factors and heart disease development. However, the mechanisms responsible for these observations are unknown. In this review, we summarize the findings of recent experimental studies, showing that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy affect energy metabolism and heart disease development in the offspring, with a focus on the mechanisms involved. We also evaluate early proof-of-concept studies for interventions that could mitigate maternal obesity and gestational diabetes-induced cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring.
Short- and long-term outcomes of gestational diabetes and its treatment on fetal development.; Globally the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is rising mainly due to the increase in maternal obesity. A number of different methods to screen for and diagnose GDM have been described although consensus on the preferred methods does not yet exist. GDM has significant short- and long-term health risks for the mother, developing fetus and the children born to mothers with GDM. Short-term risks for the fetus include macrosomia (excessive birthweight), shoulder dystocia, birth trauma, and hypoglycaemia in the immediate postpartum period. Long-term risks for offspring born to mothers with GDM include increased rates of childhood and adulthood obesity and an increased cardiometabolic risk. A number of pharmacological treatments for GDM have been identified, these include insulin and oral glucose-lowering drugs metformin and glibenclamide. Whilst these oral glucose-lowering drugs show similar short-term childhood outcomes to insulin there is increasing evidence that these drugs may have adverse long-term outcomes on children and adults exposed to the drugs in utero. Future research on treatments for GDM should include long-term follow- up of children exposed to glucose lowering medication in utero to determine the long-term cardiometabolic risk in the offspring born to mothers with GDM.
Sitagliptin down-regulates retinol-binding protein 4 and reduces insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized and double-blind trial.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition that affects increasing number of pregnant women worldwide. Sitagliptin was reported to alleviate symptoms of type 2 diabetes mellitus by reducing serum levels of retinol-binding protein 4 (RBP-4). We investigated the effectiveness of sitagliptin on insulin sensitivity parameters in GDM patients. Pregnant GDM women in the 2nd trimester were recruited for this study. Participants were then assigned randomly to sitagliptin treatment group or placebo treatment group, and administered sitagliptin or placebo daily for 16 weeks. Glucose and insulin profiles, as well as serum RBP-4 level, were measured at both baseline and end of the study. After 16 weeks of treatment, participants in the STL group exhibited significantly improved levels of fasting plasma glucose and serum insulin, homeostasis model of assessment of β cell function (HOMA-β) and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), compared with those in the placebo group. Serum levels of RBP-4 were also markedly decreased in the sitagliptin treatment group, and more importantly it was positively correlated with improved insulin resistance parameters. Our study supports a potentially promising role of sitagliptin in improving insulin resistance by decreasing RBP-4 in GDM-affected women.
[Measurement of uteroplacental circulation with 113m indium in diabetic pregnancy].; In 122 diabetic pregnancies the placental blood flow has been estimated determining the half life of the activity inflow (2 MBq 113 m In labelled transferrin) into the placental bed. We used a highly sensitive detector (modified pinhole collimator) and a computer supported evaluation, free from subjective influences. 259 flow measurements were compared to the risk of complication in the course of a diabetic pregnancy. - The half life values in the diabetic group, calculated by a gamma camera computer system by means of an iterative regression analysis, were significantly different compared to a control group (12 pregnancies without risk.) - Severe diabetic angiopathic complications (White classes D, F, and R) are accompanied by higher half life values (placental blood flow reductions) and perinatal complications. - Even in pregnant women with gestational diabetes or disturbances of the carbohydrate metabolism a disturbed placental hemodynamic is to be found.
Maternal and long-term offspring outcomes of obesity during pregnancy.; PURPOSE: Obesity`s prevalence is rising in women of reproductive age worldwide and has become the most common medical condition at this age group. Besides, its occurrence is also rising during pregnancy. This condition not only increases the risk of noncommunicable diseases on the mother, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes, but also transfers this risk to the offspring. METHODS: This is a narrative review based on scientific and review articles on the matter. RESULTS: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, infection, and mental health problems. Furthermore, it has an impact on the progress of labor and induction matters. Regarding offspring outcomes, it is related to higher incidence of congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality, and the occurrence of large for gestational age newborns. Still, it has implications on cardiometabolic risk and neurodevelopment in offspring. CONCLUSION: It is, therefore, imperative to encourage the adoption of healthy lifestyles, especially in the peri-conception and interpregnancy periods. Likewise, there must be support in the multidisciplinary monitoring of these pregnant women to minimize associated complication rates.
The risk of perinatal and cardiometabolic complications in pregnancies conceived by medically assisted reproduction.; PURPOSE: To examine the impact of medically assisted fertility treatments on the risk of developing perinatal and cardiometabolic complications during pregnancy and in-hospital deliveries. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using medical health records of deliveries occurring in 2016-2022 at a women's specialty hospital in a southern state of the Unites States (US). Pregnancies achieved using medically assisted reproductive (MAR) techniques were compared with unassisted pregnancies using propensity score matching (PSM), based on demographic, preexisting health, and reproductive factors. Study outcomes included cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), delivery complications, and postpartum readmission. We used Poisson regression with robust standard errors to generate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for all study outcomes. RESULTS: Among 57,354 deliveries, 586 (1.02%) pregnancies were achieved using MAR and 56,768 (98.98%) were unassisted ("non-MAR"). Compared to the non-MAR group, MAR pregnancies had significantly higher prevalence of all study outcomes, including GDM (15.9% vs. 11.2%, p < 0.001), HDP (28.2% vs. 21.1%, p < 0.001), cesarean delivery (56.1% vs. 34.6%, p < 0.001), delivery complications (10.9% vs. 6.8%, p = 0.03), and postpartum readmission (4.3% vs. 2.7%, p = 0.02). In a PSM sample of 584 MAR and 1,727 unassisted pregnancies, MAR was associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery (RR = 1.11, 95% CI = 1.01-1.22); whereas IVF was associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery (RR = 1.15, 95% CI = 1.03-1.28) and delivery complications (RR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.04-2.01). CONCLUSIONS: Women who conceived with MAR were at increased risk of cesarean deliveries, and those who conceived with IVF were additionally at risk of delivery complications.
Zonulin levels in complicated pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Zonulin is a novel biomarker of intestinal permeability. The existing data suggest that upregulation of zonulin might be linked to systemic inflammation and pregnancy complications. A systematic search was performed in medical electronic databases to identify eligible studies that reported circulating zonulin levels in complicated pregnancies compared to controls. Eight studies with 1196 serum samples of pregnant women were included in the systematic review. Meta-analysis on four studies revealed a significant increase in serum zonulin in women with Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to healthy controls (Cohen's d = 2.06; 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 0.15, 3.98). By pooling four studies that investigated zonulin levels in Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), higher zonulin concentrations were found in cases, while the difference was not significant (Cohen's d = 0.86; 95% CI: -0.04, 1.75). Current evidence suggests that higher levels of zonulin during pregnancy seem to be associated with inflammation-related complications, including GDM and HDP.Impact StatementWhat is already known on this subject? Increased zonulin levels are considered as a marker of intestinal hyper-permeability. Upregulation of zonulin and concurrent systemic inflammation, are known to be associated with some pregnancy complications.What do the results of this study add? We performed a meta-analysis to evaluate changes in serum zonulin levels in pregnancies complicated with Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). According to our results, zonulin levels were significantly higher in complicated pregnancies than in normal pregnancies, particularly for GDM.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our findings revealed a probable association between increased zonulin levels and inflammation-related complications during pregnancy. Moreover, zonulin could serve as a reliable diagnostic clinical biomarker to identify (or predict) complications during pregnancy. Further studies are needed to examine the clinical accuracy of zonulin for detecting pregnancy-related complications.
Exercise during pregnancy for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders: An umbrella review of randomised controlled trials and an updated meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to provide, through an umbrella review, an overview of the effect of single exercise interventions during pregnancy on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Also, to update the current evidence through an updated meta-analysis. DESIGN: Umbrella review. SETTING: PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, Cochrane database of systematic reviews, Epistemonikos, SPORTDiscus, Clinicaltrials.gov, and PROSPERO register were searched from the database inception until August 2021. POPULATION: Peer-reviewed systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and RCTs samples. METHODS: Random-effects model was used to calculate relative risk with 95% confidence interval in the updated meta-analysis. The reference category was the groups that received usual prenatal care. AMSTAR 2 and the Cochrane Collaboration tool were used to assess the quality and GRADE approach was used to assess the overall certainly of evidence. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: GDM and HDP relative risk. RESULTS: Twenty-three systematic reviews and meta-analyses; and 63 RCTs were included. Single exercise interventions reduced the incidence of GDM and HDP in most systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Moreover, exercise interventions during pregnancy decrease the incidence of developing GDM and GH, particularly when they are supervised, have a low to moderate intensity level, and are initiated during the first trimester of pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Based on the findings, obstetric and physical exercise professionals could recommend exercise interventions during pregnancy as an effective strategy to improve maternal outcomes.
Maternal Metformin Intervention during Obese Glucose-Intolerant Pregnancy Affects Adiposity in Young Adult Mouse Offspring in a Sex-Specific Manner.; BACKGROUND: Metformin is commonly used to treat gestational diabetes mellitus. This study investigated the effect of maternal metformin intervention during obese glucose-intolerant pregnancy on the gonadal white adipose tissue (WAT) of 8-week-old male and female mouse offspring. METHODS: C57BL/6J female mice were provided with a control (Con) or obesogenic diet (Ob) to induce pre-conception obesity. Half the obese dams were treated orally with 300 mg/kg/d of metformin (Ob-Met) during pregnancy. Gonadal WAT depots from 8-week-old offspring were investigated for adipocyte size, macrophage infiltration and mRNA expression of pro-inflammatory genes using RT-PCR. RESULTS: Gestational metformin attenuated the adiposity in obese dams and increased the gestation length without correcting the offspring in utero growth restriction and catch-up growth caused by maternal obesity. Despite similar body weight, the Ob and Ob-Met offspring of both sexes showed adipocyte hypertrophy in young adulthood. Male Ob-Met offspring had increased WAT depot weight (p < 0.05), exaggerated adipocyte hyperplasia (p < 0.05 vs. Con and Ob offspring), increased macrophage infiltration measured via histology (p < 0.05) and the mRNA expression of F4/80 (p < 0.05). These changes were not observed in female Ob-Met offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal metformin intervention during obese pregnancy causes excessive adiposity, adipocyte hyperplasia and WAT inflammation in male offspring, highlighting sex-specific effects of prenatal metformin exposure on offspring WAT.
Antenatal testing: diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes complicating pregnancy is a problem for which fetal surveillance testing is considered to be the standard of care. In response to the unacceptable frequency of stillbirth in such pregnancies, fetal testing historically was first introduced to manage women whose pregnancies were complicated by diabetes. Essentially all forms of antepartum testing have been used to assess fetal well-being during the third trimester of pregnant diabetics. The contraction stress test became established as the "gold standard," yet other testing protocols have been used successfully. It is clear that control of diabetes throughout gestation, not just in the later stages, is more important for optimal outcome than is a specific form of fetal testing. Biweekly testing has become the standard and with well-controlled diabetics, allowing the gestation to continue until the onset of spontaneous labor, even when the gestation exceeds 40 weeks, is appropriate management with normal testing.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus based on various screening strategies in western Kenya: a prospective comparison of point of care diagnostic methods.; BACKGROUND: Early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is crucial to prevent short term delivery risks and long term effects such as cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in the mother and infant. Diagnosing GDM in Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) however, remains sub-optimal due to associated logistical and cost barriers for resource-constrained populations. A cost-effective strategy to screen for GDM in such settings are therefore urgently required. We conducted this study to determine the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and assess utility of various GDM point of care (POC) screening strategies in a resource-constrained setting. METHODS: Eligible women aged ≥18 years, and between 24 and 32 weeks of a singleton pregnancy, prospectively underwent testing over two days. On day 1, a POC 1-h 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT) and a POC glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) was assessed. On day 2, fasting blood glucose, 1-h and 2-h 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were determined using both venous and POC tests, along with a venous HbA1c. The International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG) criteria was used to diagnose GDM. GDM prevalence was reported with 95% confidence interval (CI). Specificity, sensitivity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value of the various POC testing strategies were determined using IADPSG testing as the standard reference. RESULTS: Six hundred-sixteen eligible women completed testing procedures. GDM was diagnosed in 18 women, a prevalence of 2.9% (95% CI, 1.57% - 4.23%). Compared to IADPSG testing, POC IADPSG had a sensitivity and specificity of 55.6% and 90.6% respectively while that of POC 1-h 50 g GCT (using a diagnostic cut-off of ≥7.2 mmol/L [129.6 mg/dL]) was 55.6% and 63.9%. All other POC tests assessed showed poor sensitivity. CONCLUSIONS: POC screening strategies though feasible, showed poor sensitivity for GDM detection in our resource-constrained population of low GDM prevalence. Studies to identify sensitive and specific POC GDM screening strategies using adverse pregnancy outcomes as end points are required. TRIALS REGISTRATION: Clinical trials.gov : NCT02978807 , Registered 29 November 2016.
Septo-optic dysplasia associated with polyendocrine dysfunction.; Septo-optic dysplasia (SOD) is a rare congenital disease that has been described in association with hypothalamic dysfunction. A case of polyendocrine dysfunction is described in a 22 year-old white female with septo-optic dysplasia. Findings included atrophic optic nerves, a cavum septum pellucidum and a small pituitary gland detected by magnetic resonance imaging. The patient had central diabetes insipidus, Hashimoto's thyroiditis, and gestational diabetes mellitus. A review of the literature is presented. A careful and detailed endocrine evaluation is needed in patients with SOD.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Hypertension: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies With a Quantitative Bias Analysis of Uncontrolled Confounding.; BACKGROUND: Whether individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) had an increased risk of hypertension remains unclear. We conducted a systematic literature review and meta-analysis to examine the association between GDM and hypertension and performed a quantitative bias analysis to quantify the impact of uncontrolled confounding due to antenatal psychological stress. METHODS: We searched databases (PUBMED, EMBASE, and Web of Science) through 2022/11. Eligible studies were cohort studies that reported the association of GDM with hypertension. We assessed the risk of bias using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale for cohort studies. We pooled adjusted risk ratios with 95% CIs using a random effects model. We performed the quantitative bias analysis using the bias formula. RESULTS: We included 15 cohort studies, with a total of 3 959 520 (GDM, 175 378; non-GDM, 3 784 142) individuals. During the follow-up of 2 to 20 years, 106 560 cases of hypertension were reported. We found that GDM was associated with a higher risk of hypertension (pooled risk ratio, 1.78 [95% CI, 1.47, 2.17]). The risk ratio was lower among cohorts assessing incident (1.58 [95% CI, 1.29, 1.95]) than prevalent hypertension (2.60 [95% CI, 2.40, 2.83]). However, other subgroup analyses showed no differences. The quantitative bias analysis revealed that if the uncontrolled confounder of antenatal psychological stress was additionally adjusted, the positive association between GDM and hypertension would attenuate slightly (≤18%) but remains positive. CONCLUSIONS: Limitations of this study included residual confounding and discrepancies in GDM and hypertension ascertainments. Our findings indicate that GDM is positively associated with hypertension after the index pregnancy.
Placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices in mid-pregnancy and late pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of our study was to evaluate placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices in diabetic pregnancies in the second and third trimesters and to compare them with those of the normal controls. METHODS: Placental vascularization of pregnant women was determined by three-dimensional power Doppler ultrasound technique. The calculated indices included vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization flow index (VFI). Uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 113) were compared with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 56) and diabetes mellitus (n = 43). RESULTS: The three-dimensional power Doppler indices were not significantly different between the two diabetic subgroups. All the indices in diabetic patients were significantly reduced compared with those in non-diabetic individuals (p < 0.001). Placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices are slightly diminished throughout diabetic pregnancy [regression coefficients: -0.23 (FI), -0.06 (VI), and -0.04 (VFI)] and normal pregnancy [regression coefficients: -0.13 (FI), -0.20 (VI), and -0.11 (VFI)]. The uteroplacental circulation (umbilical and uterine artery) was not correlated significantly to the three-dimensional power Doppler indices. If all placental indices are low during late pregnancy, then the odds of the diabetes are significantly high (adjusted odds ratio: 1.10). CONCLUSIONS: A decreased placental vascularization could be an adjunct sonographic marker in the diagnosis of diabetic pregnancy in mid-gestation and late gestation.
Early Subclinical Atherosclerosis in Gestational Diabetes: The Predictive Role of Routine Biomarkers and Nutrigenetic Variants.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be considered a silent risk for out-of-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. We aimed to assess the predictive role of 3(rd) trimester lipid profile during pregnancy for the susceptibility to markers of subclinical atherosclerosis (CVD susceptibility) at 3 years in a cohort of women with history of GDM. A secondary aim is to evaluate the usefulness of novel nutrigenetic markers, in addition to traditional parameters, for predicting early subclinical atherosclerosis in such women in order to plan adequate early prevention interventions. We assessed 28 consecutive GDM women in whom we collected socio-demographic characteristics and clinical and anthropometric parameters at the 3(rd) trimester of pregnancy. In a single blood sample, from each patient, we assessed 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from 9 genes related to nutrients and metabolism, which were genotyped by High Resolution Melting analysis. All women then attended a 3-year-postpartum follow-up and on that occasion performed an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, with 75 g oral glucose), the measurement of carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT), and analyses of metabolic parameters. In addition, we evaluated the physical activity level and the adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ-short version) and PREDIMED questionnaires. We found an association between 3(rd) trimester triglycerides and cIMT (p = 0.014). We also found significant associations between the APOA5 CC genotype and cIMT after adjustments for age and body mass index (p = 0.045) and between the interaction CC APOA5/CC LDLR and cIMT (p = 0.010). At the follow-up, the cohort also featured a mean BMI in the overweight range and a high mean waist circumference. We found no difference in the MedDiet adherence, physical activity, and smoking but an inverse correlation between the PREDIMED and the IPAQ scores with the IMT. In conclusion, this preliminary study provides insight into the predictive role of lipid profile during pregnancy and of some genetic variants on cIMT taken as a parameter of subclinical CVD susceptibility in GDM.
Association of urinary polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbon metabolites with gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational hypertension among pregnant women in Southwest China: A cross-sectional study.; The association of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension during pregnancy has not yet been established. To investigate the association between PAH exposure and GDM and gestational hypertension, we conducted a cross-sectional study of 4206 pregnant women from the Zunyi birth cohort in southwestern China. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry was used to detect the urinary levels of 10 monohydroxylated PAHs (OH-PAHs). GDM and gestational hypertension were diagnosed and the relevant information was documented by specialist obstetricians and gynecologists. Logistic regression and restricted cubic spline regression were employed to investigate their single and nonlinear associations. Stratified analyses of pregnancy and body mass index data were conducted to determine their moderating effects on the abovementioned associations. Compared with the first quartile of urinary ∑OH-PAHs, the third or fourth quartile in all study participants was associated with an increased risk of GDM (quartile 3: odds ratio [OR] = 1.35, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.03-1.77) and gestational hypertension (quartile 3: OR = 1.88, 95% CI: 1.26-2.81; quartile 4: OR = 1.58, 95% CI: 1.04-2.39), respectively. Nonlinear associations of 1-OH-PYR with GDM (cutoff level: 0.02 μg/g creatinine [Cr]) and 1-OH-PHE with gestational hypertension (cutoff level: 0.06 μg/g Cr) were also observed. In pregnant women with overweight or obesity, 1-OH-PHE and 3-OH-PHE were more strongly associated with gestational hypertension. Our results indicate that exposure to PAH during pregnancy may significantly increase the maternal risks of GDM and gestational hypertension; however, this finding still needs to be confirmed through larger-scale prospective studies and biological evidence.
Impact of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on glycaemic control and consumption of processed and ultraprocessed foods in pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomised clinical trial.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet on glycaemic control and consumption of processed (PF) and ultraprocessed (UPF) foods in pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM). This is a randomised, controlled, single-blind clinical trial with forty-nine adult women with PGDM, followed at a public maternity hospital in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The control group (CG) received a standard diet consisting of 45-55 % of the total energy intake of carbohydrates, 15-20 % of proteins and 25-30 % of lipids. The DASH group (DG) received an adapted DASH diet, which did not differ from the standard diet in the percentage of macronutrients, but had higher contents of fibre, unsaturated fats and minerals such as Ca, Mg and K; and lower contents of Na and saturated fats than the standard diet. In the analysis by protocol, the DG presented a higher incidence of glycaemic control after 12 weeks of intervention (57·1 v. 8·3 %, P = 0·01, moderate effect size) and a lower mean consumption of UPF (-9·9 %, P = 0·01) compared with the CG. There was no statistically significant difference in fasting and postprandial blood glucose concentrations, or in the consumption of PF between the groups (P > 0·05). The DASH diet may be a strategy for glycaemic control in pregnant women with PGDM, favouring the adoption of a nutritionally adequate diet with lower consumption of UPF. Further studies are needed to investigate the effect of the DASH diet on glycaemic profile, and maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with PGDM.
Effects of gestational diabetes on junctional adhesion molecules in human term placental vasculature.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to investigate whether gestational diabetes mellitus, which occurs in the microvascular remodelling phase of placental development, causes alterations in surface expression of tight and adherens junctional molecules involved in endothelial barrier function and angiogenesis. METHODS: Term placenta, delivered by elective Caesarian section, from normal pregnancy (n = 5) and those complicated by gestational diabetes (n = 5) were perfusion-fixed and analysed by indirect immunofluorescence and confocal scanning microscopy. Using systematic random sampling, the surface expression of endothelial junctional proteins and the relative incidences of immunostained vessels were compared between the two study groups. Total vessel lengths were measured by stereological techniques. RESULTS: The adherens junctional molecules, vascular-endothelial cadherin and beta-catenin, and the tight junctional molecules, occludin and zonula occludens-1 were localised to paracellular clefts in both study groups. The diabetic placentae showed pronounced reductions in the intensity of immunofluorescence and in the number of immuno-positive vessels. A corresponding statistically significant increase (from 19% to 56%) in the percentage of vessels showing junctional anti-phosphotyrosine immunoreactivity was found. The differences observed represented real changes in the absolute lengths of immunostained regions along the vessels. The stereological measurements failed to detect any statistically significant change in the combined length of fetal vessels in gestational diabetic placenta. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Our results suggest that even short duration diabetic insult, alters the surface expression of placental junctional proteins. This alteration could be mediated by the tyrosine-phosphorylation pathway. The changes suggest impaired barrier function rather than accelerated vascular growth.
Long-term risk for maternal cardiovascular morbidities in twin pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus - a retrospective cohort study(†).; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) results in an increased risk for maternal and neonatal complications in singletons. In twin pregnancies, however, scarce data exist regarding its implications. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether a diagnosis of GDM in twin gestation poses a risk for subsequent maternal long-term cardiovascular morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort study was conducted, comparing the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity within a group of women with and without a diagnosis of GDM who delivered twins in a tertiary medical center, between the years 1991 and 2014. Mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus, triplet or higher-order multiples, patients lacking prenatal care, patients with known cardiovascular morbidities prior to or during the current pregnancy and fetal malformations or/and chromosomal abnormalities were excluded. Kaplan-Meier's survival curve was used to estimate the cumulative incidence of cardiovascular-related hospitalizations, and a Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted HRs for cardiovascular morbidity. RESULTS: Of 4256 twin deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, 336 (7.9%) occurred in patients that were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, with a median of 3431 (0-9172) days in total, patients with GDM had higher rates of simple cardiovascular events as compared to women without diagnosis of GDM (incidence = 7, 2.1%. OR = 2.7, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.17-6.12, p = .03). Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the groups. There was no difference between the two groups in the rate of complex cardiovascular events, noninvasive or invasive cardiac diagnostic procedures. In a Cox proportional hazards model, which is adjusted for maternal age, ethnicity, hypertensive disorders, and fertility treatments, GDM in twin pregnancies was not found to be associated with long-term cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR 1.41, 95% CI 0.77-2.58, p = .26). CONCLUSIONS: While GDM during twin pregnancy might be associated with long-term maternal simple cardiovascular events, the complex, as well as the total morbidities, are comparable to patients without GDM.
Gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension on the risk of diabetes among gestational diabetes women.; AIMS: We aimed to examine the association of gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension at the inter-conception examination with type 2 diabetes risk among women with a history of gestational diabetes. METHODS: We conducted a population-based study among 1261 women who had a history of gestational diabetes at 1-5years after delivery in Tianjin, China. Logistic regression or Cox regression was used to assess the associations of gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension at the inter-conception examination with pre-diabetes and type 2 diabetes risks. RESULTS: Gestational diabetic women who had a history of gestational hypertension but did not use antihypertensive drugs during pregnancy had a 3.94-fold higher risk (95% CI: 1.94-8.02) of developing type 2 diabetes compared with those who were normotensive in index pregnancy. Compared with gestational diabetic women who had normal blood pressure at the inter-conception examination, hypertensive women at the inter-conception examination were 3.38 times (95% CI: 1.66-6.87) and 2.97 times (95% CI: 1.75-5.05) more likely to develop diabetes and prediabetes, respectively. The odds ratios of type 2 diabetes and prediabetes associated with each 5mmHg increase in systolic blood pressure were 1.25 (95% CI: 1.03-1.51) and 1.20 (95% CI: 1.06-1.35). Each 5mmHg increase in diastolic blood pressure contributed to a 1.49-fold higher risk (95% CI: 1.18-1.88) for type 2 diabetes and a 1.42-fold higher risk (95% CI: 1.22-1.65) for prediabetes. CONCLUSIONS: For women with prior gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension and chronic hypertension at the inter-conception examination were risk factors for type 2 diabetes.
Obstetric management when normoglycemia is maintained in diabetic pregnant women with vascular compromise.; This study presents an obstetric protocol offering better management and prediction for normoglycemic insulin-dependent patients (White Class D4, F, R, or RF) who conceived after they were diagnosed as having vascular disease secondary to diabetes mellitus. Normoglycemia was accomplished during the pregestational phase, and conception occurred only after the glycosylated hemoglobin level was documented to be normal. Normoglycemia was maintained during pregnancy in the outpatient setting through the use of blood glucose monitoring performed by the patient. The obstetric protocol emphasized three additional areas of attention: (1) assessment of fetal growth by serial uterine fundal measurement and ultrasonography at gestational weeks 21 to 22; (2) assessment of fetal movement by patient-perceived fetal movements for 1 hour a week starting at week 35, increasing to 2 hr/day at week 37, and increasing to 3 hr/day from week 38 onward; and (3) cervical assessment at week 37 and preparation for vaginal delivery. Eight patients had a creatinine clearance of less than or equal to 80 ml/min prior to conception (mean = 66 +/- 6 ml/min). By 6 to 12 weeks' gestation all eight showed an increase in creatinine clearance (mean = 91 +/- 20, p less than 0.01). There was no change in the third trimester, and postpartum creatinine clearance was at antepartum levels. Proteinuria increased significantly by the end of the first trimester in all eight women and regressed post partum. Proteinuria (greater than 150 mg/24 hr) did not occur in the 14 women with normal antepartum creatinine clearance. Of 11 women with background retinopathy, six showed improvement in retinal status by fundus stereophotography whereas five showed no change. Of 11 women with proliferative retinopathy, five improved, five required laser therapy, and one remained in stable condition. Despite hemoglobin A1 levels in the normal gestational range (3% to 7.5%), there was a significant correlation of these levels with infant birth weights. None of the 22 infants died, and only one had any perinatal disease. Thus this protocol with its emphasis on fetal growth and size resulted in improvement in both maternal and infant outcome in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus with vascular compromise.
Fractional volume of placental vessels in women with diabetes using a novel stereological 3D power Doppler technique.; OBJECTIVES: In maternal diabetes the placenta is large with abnormal vascular development and increased villous volume. We used a novel stereological 3D power Doppler ultrasound technique to investigate differences in-vivo in the placental fractional volume of power Doppler signal (FrVol-PD) between women with and without diabetes. METHODS: We recruited 17 pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes and 20 controls, all with anterior placentae. Each subject had ultrasound scans (Voluson 730 Expert) every 4 weeks between 12 and 32 weeks gestation. 3D power Doppler data were acquired and the placenta manually outlined using VOCAL (4D View). Power Doppler signal within the resultant volume was counted in a 3D manner adapting the random but systematic techniques used in stereology. RESULTS: Subjects were of similar age, BMI and parity. From 16 weeks the mean (SD) placental FrVol-PD was higher in the non-diabetic than in the diabetic group: 16 weeks - 0.125 (0.03) versus 0.108 (0.03), 20 weeks - 0.144 (0.05) versus 0.104 (0.03), 24 weeks - 0.145 (0.05) versus 0.128 (0.03), 28 weeks - 0.159 (0.05) versus 0.133 (0.02) and 32 weeks - 0.154 (0.03) versus 0.123 (0.04). These differences were significant between control and diabetic subjects [F(1,35) = 4.737, p = 0.036] and across gestation [F(3,140) = 8.294, p < 0.001]. CONCLUSION: Using a novel stereological-based ultrasound technique we have demonstrated the reliability of this application in the placenta. This technique shows promise for non-invasive assessment of placental function: further studies are required to identify if structural changes in a diabetic placenta are accompanied by altered function, manifest as reduced perfusion demonstrable in-vivo.
Glycosylated haemoglobin for screening and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is a cumbersome test that is time consuming, labour intensive and often poorly tolerated by pregnant women. To date, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) is the most accepted measure of chronic glycaemia outside of pregnancy. HbA1c is an uncomplicated test, less time consuming, does not require any specific patient preparation and is considered straightforward compared with the OGTT. Therefore, we prospectively tested the utility of the HbA1c when used as a screening tool in pregnancy for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). SETTINGS: Primary health care. Single tertiary referral centre, Tasmania, Australia. PARTICIPANTS: A direct comparison between HbA1c levels and the OGTT results in pregnant women, tested concurrently at the 24-28 gestational week, was undertaken. A full profile of 480 pregnant women during the period from September 2012 to July 2014 was completed. Median and mean age of participants was 29 years (range 18-47 years). INTERVENTIONS: A simultaneous prospective assessment of HbA1c versus standard OGTT in a cohort of consecutive pregnant women presenting to our institute was performed. RESULTS: The number of women who had GDM according to OGTT criteria was 57, representing 11.9% of the evaluated 480 pregnant women. Using a cut-off value for HbA1c at 5.1% (32 mmol/mol) for detecting GDM showed sensitivity of 61% and specificity of 68% with negative predictive value (NPV) of 93%, versus sensitivity of 27% and specificity of 95% with NPV of 91% when using HbA1c cut-off value of 5.4% (36 mmol/mol). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that pregnant women with an HbA1c of≥5.4% (36 mmol/mol) should proceed with an OGTT. This may result in a significant reduction in the burden of testing on both patients and testing facility staff and resources. Further investigations are required to integrate and optimise the HbA1c as a single, non-fasting, screening tool for GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12611000739910.
Effect of gestational diabetes and maternal hypertension on gross morphology of placenta.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is much more common than pre-existing diabetes i.e. it complicates 2% to 5% of pregnancies. When metabolic control is good, perinatal mortality should be no higher than in general population. However, macrosomia continuous to be a problem in higher than average proportions of such cases. Macrosomia also involves placenta within the chronic hypertensive disease, the most common diagnosis is essential vascular hypertension. METHODS: Total 60 full term placenta, 20 from normal and 20 each from gestational diabetics and chronic hypertensive mothers were studied grossly. Shape, attachment of umbilical cord, weight, diameter and central thickness of all placentas were noted. RESULTS: The study demonstrates that there is change of shape i.e. two lobes in one placenta from diabetic group. All other placentae were singly lobed and discoidal shape with central attachment of umbilical cord to the foetal surface of placenta. Weight central thickness and diameter were significantly greater in diabetic group as compared to normal and hypertensive group. Hypertensive group shows non significant decrease in weight of placentae while there was no change in central thickness and diameter of placenta in hypertensive than the normal group. CONCLUSIONS: On the basis of results of present study, it is concluded that diabetic's placentae showed increase in weight, central thickness and diameter. One out of 20 placentae in diabetic group also showed change of shape and attachment of umbilical cord to one love. Hypertensive's placentae showed no significant change in weight, shape central thickness and attachment of umbilical cord when compared with normal group.
Temporal Trends in Type 1, Type 2, and Gestational Diabetes in Pregnancy: Impact of Rural Residence, Ethnicity, and Material Deprivation.; OBJECTIVE: Our aim in this study was to implement a newly validated algorithm to identify pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to identify temporal trends in rates over the last decade. We also compared obstetric and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies with and without diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: Among women with live births between 2005 and 2018 in Alberta, we calculated yearly rates of T1DM, T2DM, and GDM, overall, and stratified by ethnicity, urban or rural residence, material deprivation score, and maternal age. RESULTS: Between 2005 and 2018, GDM rates increased from 42.3 to 101.8 per 1,000 deliveries (p<0.0001), T2DM rates increased from 2.6 to 6.4 per 1,000 deliveries (p<0.0001), whereas T1DM remained constant at 3.0 per 1,000 deliveries each year (p=0.4301). Higher GDM and T2DM rates were observed among Chinese and South Asian women, respectively, and among women who were materially deprived and living in urban areas. Women with T2DM were older and had the highest rates of pre-existing hypertension (16%). In contrast, women with T1DM were younger and had the highest rates of gestational hypertension (12%), pre-eclampsia (12%), and cesarean section deliveries (62%). Children of women with T1DM had the highest rates of large for gestational age (46%), neonatal hypoglycemia (41.1%), respiratory distress syndrome (7.7%), and jaundice (29.3%). CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes-in-pregnancy rates have more than doubled over the last decade, driven primarily by increases in GDM and T2DM. These trends may have significant implications for the future health of mothers and children in Alberta.
Maternal disease as a consideration in lactation management.; Breastfeeding for mothers with chronic medical conditions presents important medical decisions for the primary physician. The issues need to be considered in light of the chronic disease, the physiological process of lactation, and the individual Mother for whom breastfeeding is very important. Management plans need to be based on adequate information and coordinated by the mother's physician and the pediatrician.
The Rubenesque pregnancy: a progression towards higher blood pressure correlates with a measure of endogenous and exogenous insulin levels.; Women with gestational diabetes tend to progress to noninsulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) with a high cumulative incidence relative to the general population. These women have also been shown to be insulin resistant and may represent a variant of the insulin resistance syndrome or Syndrome X. Our previous studies indicated that administered insulin was associated with an increase in blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes, raising the question that insulin levels per se contribute to blood pressure in these women. We developed a means by which the insulin levels of a given pregnant individual might be estimated called the Fraction of Circulating Insulin Level Relative to Normal (FOCILRN = C-PEPTIDE/2.0 + TOTAL DAILY INSULIN DOSE/CALCULATED DAILY INSULIN REQUIREMENT BASED ON WEIGHT AND GESTATIONAL WEEK). The formula was applied to 15 nonhypertensive pregnant women of comparable obese phenotype (Rubenesque) with varying degrees of glucose tolerance (4 normal, 5 gestational diabetes treated with diet alone, 4 gestational diabetes treated with insulin, and 2 noninsulin-dependent diabetes). Blood pressure was quantified at the beginning of the study (gestational weeks 24-34) and again 4-8 weeks later using a 24-hr monitor. Correlation analysis was used to test for a relationship between the FOCILRN and blood pressure. The increase in mean arterial pressure was found to be continuous and linear with increasing insulin exposure as quantified by FOCILRN. The correlation was significant for all subjects (r = 0.961, p < 0.001) and remained significant even with removal of patients with NIDDM (r = 0.857, p < 0.001). The nighttime heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were found to be significantly correlated with FOCILRN (r = 0.651, p < 0.01, r = 0.724, p < 0.001, and r = 0.831, p < 0.001, respectively). The difference between the maximum and minimum diastolic blood pressure values between 12:00 AM and 6:00 AM between sessions 1 and 2 significantly differed among the groups with women on insulin having the highest FOCILRN having the least variation in blood pressure. In nonhypertensive women of obese phenotype (Rubenesque), increasing insulin exposure is associated with increasing mean arterial blood pressure and less variability of nocturnal blood pressure. These data provide support for the hypothesis that insulin may mediate blood pressure response in genetically vulnerable individuals. The identification of the Rubenesque phenotype during gestation may be a clinically useful marker for individuals at risk for Syndrome X.
Pregnancy induced hypertension in women with gestational carbohydrate intolerance: the diagest study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational glucose intolerance. METHODS: A 50g, 1h glucose loading test was offered to all pregnant women between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation in 15 centres in northern France during 8 months in 1992. If the test was positive (> or =7.2 mmol/l), the woman underwent a 3h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as soon as possible. Using the criteria of Carpenter and Coustan, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was defined by two abnormal values (n=218) and gestational mild hyperglycemia (GMH) by one abnormal value (n=130). Each control group was defined by a 50g, 1h loading test result of <7.2 mmol/l (n=108).PIH included gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia (PE). GH was defined as a diastolic pressure of more than 85 mmHg on at least two occasions arising during pregnancy. PE was defined as GH with proteinuria > or =500 mg/24h. RESULTS: The rate of PIH in the three groups (GDM; GMH and control group, C) was, respectively 17.0, 10.8, and 4.6%. All the six PE occurred in the GDM group. Univariate analysis showed significantly higher rate of hypertension in women with a history of PE, increasing body mass index before pregnancy (BMI) and glucose intolerance. In multivariate analysis with adjustment for primiparity, independent risk factors for PIH were a history of PE, BMI>27 and GDM, contrary to GMH and maternal age. CONCLUSIONS: PIH appears to be linked to the level of glucose intolerance during pregnancy, independently of other known factors of hypertension.
Assessing obstetric outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing fresh, artificial, and natural thaw embryo transfer cycles.; BACKGROUND: The increasing utilisation of in vitro fertilisation (IVF) has prompted significant interest in determining the optimal endometrial environment to increase pregnancy rates and minimise the obstetric complications associated with various embryo transfer strategies. AIMS: To determine which cycle is associated with increased obstetric complications: fresh embryo transfer (FreshET), natural thaw (NatThawET) or artificial thaw (ArtThawET). Outcomes of interest included: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GD), pre-term birth (PTB), post-partum haemorrhage (PPH) and large for gestational age (LGA). MATERIALS AND METHODS: A comprehensive search of MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, and PUBMED was conducted from 1947 to May 17, 2022. Two independent reviewers carried out the screening, and data extraction for the following comparisons: ArtThawET vs NatThawET, ArtThawET vs FreshET, and NatThawET vs FreshET. Meta-analysis was conducted using a fixed-effect Mantel-Haenszel model. The quality of the studies was assessed using GRADEpro. RESULTS: A total of 23 studies were included in this review. ArtThawET was associated with a significantly increased odds of HDP (odds ratio (OR) 1.76, confidence interval (CI) 1.66-1.86), PTB (OR 1.18, CI 1.13-1.23), PPH (OR 2.61, CI 2.3-2.97) and LGA (OR 1.11, CI 1.07-1.15), compared to NatThawET. ArtThawET was also associated with increased odds of HDP (OR 2.13, CI 1.89-2.4), PPH (OR 3.52, CI 3.06-4.04) and LGA (OR 2.12, CI 1.77-2.56), compared to FreshET. Furthermore, NatThawET demonstrated increased odds of HDP (OR 1.20, CI 1.11-1.29), PPH (OR 1.25, CI 1.14-1.38) and LGA (OR 1.85, CI 1.66-2.07) compared to FreshET. CONCLUSION: When clinically feasible, ArtThawET should be avoided as a first-line option for IVF to reduce the risk of obstetric complications. An adequately powered, multicentre randomised controlled trial is necessary to confirm these findings and investigate the underlying pathophysiology.
Breastfeeding and Postpartum Glucose Regulation Among Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes and increases subsequent risk of Type 2 diabetes. Researchers have shown that breastfeeding may reduce diabetes risk in women with recent gestational diabetes. RESEARCH AIM: To assess association between infant feeding and postpartum glucose tolerance in mothers with recent gestational diabetes within 1 year postpartum. METHODS: A literature search was performed up to December 31, 2019, retrieving articles related to infant feeding, gestational diabetes, and postpartum glucose regulation in four major databases (PubMed, Cochrane, CINAHL, and Embase). Methodological quality was assessed using tools from the United States National Institutes of Health and the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. RESULTS: The search yielded 15 cohort studies meeting the selection criteria. Of the 15 studies, 13 (86.7%) examined the influence of breastfeeding on postpartum glycemic status, and eight (53.4%) compared the mean blood glucose values between breastfeeding and non-breastfeeding participants. Of the 13 studies that compared postpartum glycemic status, nine (60%) of the research teams found that breastfeeding lowered rates of impaired glucose tolerance, and four (26.7%) showed no significant change. In eight of the studies reporting mean blood glucose values, six (75%) reported significantly lower fasting plasma glucose in breastfeeding participants, with reductions ranging from 3.7 to 7.4 mg/dL (0.2-0.4 mmol/L). CONCLUSION: Breastfeeding has been associated with improved postpartum glucose regulation in mothers with gestational diabetes. In pregnant women with gestational diabetes, breastfeeding may reduce the risk of Type 2 diabetes, and women with gestational diabetes should be strongly encouraged and supported to breastfeed.
Diabetes in pregnancy and risk of near-miss, maternal mortality and foetal outcomes in the USA: a retrospective cross-sectional analysis.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of diabetes in pregnant women has increased in the USA over recent decades. The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between diabetes in pregnancy and maternal near-miss incident, maternal mortality and selected adverse foetal outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective, cross-sectional analysis among pregnancy-related hospitalizations in USA between 2002 and 2014. We examined the association between DM and GDM as exposures and maternal in-hospital mortality, maternal cardiac arrest, early onset of delivery, poor foetal growth and stillbirth as the outcome variables. RESULTS: Among the 57.3 million pregnant women in the study population, the prevalence of GDM and DM was 5.4 and 1.3%, respectively. We found that pregnant women with DM were three times more likely to experience cardiac arrest (OR = 3.21; 95% CI = 2.57-4.01) and in-hospital maternal death (OR = 3.05; 95% CI = 2.45-3.79), as compared to those without DM. Among pregnant women with GDM and DM, the risk for early onset of delivery was higher, compared to women without GDM or DM. CONCLUSION: A diagnosis of diabetes prior to pregnancy contributes significantly to the risk of maternal cardiac arrest, maternal mortality and adverse foetal outcomes.
Increased rates of adverse perinatal outcomes in women with gestational diabetes and depression.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to examine the impact of depression on adverse perinatal outcomes in women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study comparing the rates of perinatal complications among singleton, nonanomalous births to women with GDM and the diagnosis of depression compared to GDM women without depression between 2007 and 2011 in California. Perinatal outcomes were analyzed using chi-square and multivariable logistic regression to compare frequencies of characteristics and outcomes and to determine the strength of association of depression and adverse perinatal outcomes among women with GDM. Statistical comparisons with a p-value of less than .05 and 95% CI that did not cross the null were considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Among the cohort of 170,572 women with GDM, 2090 (1.22%) were diagnosed with antenatal depression. Women with GDM and depression had significantly higher rates of preeclampsia (adjusted Odds Ratio [aOR] 1.28, 95% CI 1.11-1.49) and gestational hypertension (aOR 1.23, 95% CI 1.05-1.44). Women with GDM and depression also had higher rates of preterm delivery at <37, and <34 weeks gestational age (aOR 1.33, 95% CI 1.18-1.50 and 1.36, 95% CI 1.15-1.61, respectively). CONCLUSION: Women with GDM and a diagnosis of depression have higher rates of adverse perinatal outcomes than women with GDM alone. Identifying and managing depression among women with GDM has the potential to improve the care and health of this high-risk population.
[Placental protein 12 (PP 12)/insulin-like growth factor binding protein (IGF-bp) in pregnancy in metabolically healthy patients and diabetic patients with retinopathy].; The placental protein 12 (PP 12) was found to be identical with the insulin like growth-factor binding protein (IGF-bp). In present investigations serum samples of 420 healthy pregnant women between 7th and 40th weeks of gestation were proved regarding to their IGF-bp concentrations by means of a radioimmunoassay. For each pregnancy week means and standard deviations were estimated. IGF-bp serum concentrations continuously increased up to the 18th week (140 +/- 40 micrograms/l); followed by decreasing of the values up to the 30th week (102 +/- 44 micrograms/l) and then slightly increased up to term (121 +/- 46 micrograms/l). In addition the IGF-bp estimations were performed in maternal serum samples of 45 diabetic pregnant women complicated by retinopathia diabetica benigna as well as proliferativa; sum total 101 serum samples. In patients with benign retinopathy 82% (12/68) and in patients of proliferative retinopathy 85% (5/33) of the IGF-bp values were increased above the two times standard deviation.
Gestational and neonatal outcomes of women with partial Dunnigan lipodystrophy.; INTRODUCTION: Lipodystrophies are a group of disorders characterized by selective and variable loss of adipose tissue, which can result in an increased risk of insulin resistance and its associated complications. Women with lipodystrophy often have a high frequency of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and may experience gynecological and obstetric complications. The objective of this study was to describe the gestational outcomes of patients with familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) at a reference center with the aim of improving the understanding and management of pregnant women affected by this condition. METHODS: This was a retrospective analysis of data obtained from questionnaires regarding past pregnancies and a review of medical records from the beginning of follow-up in outpatient clinics. RESULTS: All women diagnosed with FPLD2 who had previously become pregnant were included in this study (n=8). The women in the study experienced pregnancies between the ages of 14 and 38 years, with an average of 1.75 children per woman. The pregnancies in question were either the result of successful conception within 12 months of attempting to conceive or unplanned pregnancies. During pregnancy, two women (25%) were diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one (12.5%) with gestational hypothyroidism, and one (12.5%) with preeclampsia. Among the 17 pregnancies, two miscarriages (11.8%) occurred, and five cases (29.4%) of macrosomia were observed. Four instances of premature birth and an equal number of neonatal hypoglycemia cases were recorded. The reported neonatal complications included an unspecified malformation, respiratory infection, and two neonatal deaths related to heart malformation and respiratory distress syndrome. CONCLUSION: Our data showed a high frequency of fetal complications in women with FPLD2. However, no instances of infertility or prolonged attempts to conceive have been reported, highlighting the significance of employing effective contraception strategies to plan pregnancies at optimal times for managing metabolic comorbidities.
The prognostic value of hemoglobin A1c in predicting fetal heart disease in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate detailed fetal echocardiography for predicting congenital heart disease in overt diabetic pregnancies. METHODS: Overt diabetic gravidas with initial hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at or above 8.5%, a family history of congenital heart disease, or fetal cardiac anomaly suspected on screening sonography were referred to a pediatric cardiologist for detailed fetal echocardiography. After 7 years, the results of the protocol were reviewed retrospectively. The sensitivity and specificity of the initial HbA1c in predicting congenital heart disease were assessed. RESULTS: During the study period, 193 patients received care in the diabetes and pregnancy service. Sixty-four received fetal echocardiography, 47 because of initial HbA1c levels at or above 8.5% and 17 for other indications. Twenty fetuses had major anomalies, eight of which were cardiac (40%). Six of the cardiac anomalies had been studied by fetal echocardiography, and four were diagnosed correctly. The initial HbA1c was not different among pregnancies with major anomalies, cardiac anomalies, or no anomalies. No malformations were noted in patients with normal initial HbA1c values. The overall sensitivity of the protocol for identifying congenital heart disease was 50% (four of eight) and specificity was 54% (90 of 167). Detailed fetal echocardiography had a sensitivity of 66% (four of six) and a specificity of 100% (58 of 58) for correctly identifying fetal congenital heart disease. CONCLUSIONS: No cases of congenital heart disease were observed in patients with a normal initial HbA1c value. Among patients with abnormal HbA1c values, no critical level of glycohemoglobin was identified that provided optimal predictive power for congenital heart disease screening. We recommend detailed fetal echocardiographic imaging in all patients with initial HbA1c levels above the upper limit of normal of 6.1%.
Pregnancy as a window to future health: Excessive gestational weight gain and obesity.; Metabolic and behavioral changes that occur during pregnancy have well-known effects on maternal and fetal health during the immediate pregnancy and now are thought to be a catalyst for future health throughout later life. Recommendations for appropriate gestational weight gain (GWG) and lifestyle modifications during pregnancy have changed throughout history as more is known about this crucial time. Herein we discuss the current GWG recommendations and the impact of pregnancy and excess GWG gain on the current and future health of women and children including risk of obesity, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome.
Early manifestation of cardiovascular disease risk factors in offspring of mothers with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; This study investigated the long-term adverse effects of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in offspring. A total of 298 offspring (202 offspring of GDM mothers and 96 offspring of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) participated in the study. CVD risk factors included elevated body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness, body fat, blood pressure, lipid profiles, and glucose values measured with a 2h oral glucose tolerance test. The BMI of offspring >or=5 years of age of GDM mothers was significantly higher than that of offspring of mothers with IGT when analysed according to age. In offspring of GDM mothers, CVD risk factors were positively correlated with age, except for lipid profiles. A significant negative relationship between age and BMI was observed in offspring of IGT mothers. The slope of the linear regression lines for BMI and fasting plasma insulin levels with age were significantly steeper for the offspring of GDM mothers than for those of IGT mothers. We conclude that childhood obesity, as well as altered glucose metabolism influenced by the maternal uterine environment, is more likely with advancing years in the offspring of GDM mothers than in the offspring of IGT mothers.
Associations between plant-based diets, plant foods and botanical supplements with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common health complications during pregnancy. Medical nutrition therapy is the mainstay of treatment for GDM, however, there is no current consensus on optimal dietary approaches to prevent or control hyperglycaemia in pregnancy. The aim of this systematic review is to assess the relationships between plant-based dietary patterns, plant foods and botanical dietary supplements with GDM and maternal glycaemic biomarkers. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: A predefined search strategy was used on 16 June 2021, to search PubMed, Embase and CINAHL Plus with Full Text (EBSCOhost), as well as ClinicalTrials.gov, for studies published as original articles in English. Articles will be included if they are human observational studies or clinical trials and will be excluded if they are review articles or conference abstracts. We will use Cochrane's risk of bias tools for interventions that are parallel arm (Risk of Bias tool for randomised trials version 2 (RoB 2)) and single arm, non-randomised intervention studies (Risk of Bias In Non-randomised Studies-of Interventions (ROBINS-I)). For observational, case-control and cross-sectional studies, we will use the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute's quality assessment tools. Data will be synthesised in a narrative format describing significant results as well as presenting the results of the quality assessment of studies. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This systematic review does not require ethical approval as primary data will not be collected. The review will be published in a peer-reviewed journal and disseminated electronically and in print. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42022306915.
[Pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: specific subgroups might require increased attention].; OBJECTIVES: To compare peri-partal parameters between two groups of pregnant women - with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to correlate degree of glucose abnormality with incidence of peri-partal morbidity and, finally, to analyse the potential effect of comorbidities (i.e. obesity, hypertension, thyreopathy, polycystic ovary syndrome, trombophylia, anemia, allergy, smoking) on pregnancy outcomes. DESIGN: Epidemiological observational "case-control" study. SETTING: Department of Obstetric and Gynaecology, Faculty Hospital Brno; Department of Internal Medicine, Diabetes Centre, Faculty Hospital Brno; Department of Pathophysiology, Faculty of Medicine, Masaryk University, Brno. METHODS: The study comprised 432 pregnant women (364 with GDM diagnosis, 68 healthy controls) followed during a period 2011-2013. GDM was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test in 24-28th week of gestation (by fasting plasma glucose >5,6 mmol/l or >8,8 mmol/l in 60th min or >7,8 mmol/l in 120th min post-75g glucose load). Following peri-partal parameters were studied: ultrasonographic examination before delivery, a date of delivery, length of childbirth, induction, perinatal complications, post-delivery complications, section, abnormity in pH, base excess, Apgar score, birth weight. RESULTS: Subjects with GDM had significantly increased rate of labour induction compared to healthy controls (P = 0.0035, chi-square test). Subgroup of GDM women classified as having a higher risk for adverse perinatal outcomes by a definition of Czech Obstetric and Gynaecology Society had significantly more labour inductions, more sections and instrumental deliveries. New-borns of those mothers had significantly more common worse perinatal outcomes (Apgar score and macrosomia). CONCLUSION: Based on our data risk stratification of GDM subjects according to Czech Obstetric and Gynaecology Society appears relevant and justified.
Idiopathic granulomatous angiitis of the central nervous system in pregnancy: the first case report.; Idiopathic granulomatous angiitis of the central nervous system (IGANS) is a rare vasculitis primarily affecting the spinal cord and brain not related to any underlying systemic disease. Clinical manifestations range from simple headache to cerebral vascular accidents secondary to vascular occlusion. The management of a pregnancy complicated by multiple risk factors including underlying IGANS is reported. An expectant, empiric approach was adopted and resulted in excellent maternal and neonatal outcomes. The first report of the management of a pregnancy complicated by IGANS is presented. Underlying maternal IGANS may not necessarily represent an indication for pregnancy termination.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy among South Asian women: A single tertiary care center experience from Colombo, Sri Lanka.; AIM: To study case mix, risk factors, adverse outcomes and associations of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in a cohort of Sri Lankans. METHODS: Prospective observational study, from April 2011-October 2015 at a tertiary care referral center, Colombo, Sri Lanka. Data from first trimester to delivery of HIP was analyzed. Three subgroups were defined: Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), Hyperglycemia in early Pregnancy (HIEP) [<24 weeks] and Gestational diabetes (GDM) [>24 weeks]. RESULTS: Of 782 patients 572 (73.1%) had complete data. Case-mix: 137(24.0%) DIP, 331(57.9%) GDM and 104 (18.2%) HIEP. Primigravidae commoner in GDM (<0.05). DIP older - mean 33.3 ± 5.5 years (<0.01). Previous GDM commoner and pharmacological interventions needed in DIP and HIEP. Majority GDM (66.8%) required Medical Nutrition Therapy (MNT) alone. There was no difference in pregnancy outcomes between the 3 subgroups. Macrosomia significantly greater in HIEP (33.7%); neonatal cardiac defects more in DIP and HIEP. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing maternal age is a significant risk for DIP, while previous GDM is a risk for DIP and HIEP and neonatal congenital cardiac defects in subsequent pregnancies of South Asian women. We recommend preconception screening for glucose intolerance and achieving normoglycaemia among South Asian women with advanced maternal age and previous GDM.
Development of a prediction model for neonatal hypoglycemia risk factors: a retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: It's challenging for healthcare workers to detect neonatal hypoglycemia due to its rapid progression and lack of aura symptoms. This may lead to brain function impairment for the newborn, placing a significant care burden on the family and creating an economic burden for society. Tools for early diagnosis of neonatal hypoglycemia are lacking. This study aimed to identify newborns at high risk of developing neonatal hypoglycemia early by developing a risk prediction model. METHODS: Using a retrospective design, pairs (470) of women and their newborns in a tertiary hospital from December 2021 to September 2022 were included in this study. Socio-demographic data and clinical data of mothers and newborns were collected. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression were used to screen optimized factors. A neonatal hypoglycemia risk nomogram was constructed using R software, and the calibration curve and receiver operator characteristic curve (ROC) was utilized to evaluate model performance. RESULTS: Factors integrated into the prediction risk nomogram were maternal age (odds ratio [OR] =1.10, 95% CI: 1.04, 1.17), fasting period (OR=1.07, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.12), ritodrine use (OR=2.00, 95% CI: 1.05, 3.88), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR=2.13, 95% CI: 1.30, 3.50), gestational week (OR=0.80, 95% CI: 0.66, 0.96), fetal distress (OR=1.76, 95% CI: 1.11, 2.79) and neonatal body mass index (OR=1.50, 95% CI: 1.24, 1.84). The area under the curve (AUC) was 0.79 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.75, 0.82), specificity was 0.82, and sensitivity was 0.62. CONCLUSION: The prediction model of this study demonstrated good predictive performance. The development of the model identifies advancing maternal age, an extended fasting period before delivery, ritodrine use, gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosis, fetal distress diagnosis and an increase in neonatal body mass index increase the probability of developing neonatal hypoglycemia, while an extended gestational week reduces the probability of developing neonatal hypoglycemia.
Self-management Intervention Program Based on the Health Belief Model (HBM) among Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Quazi-Experimental Study.; BACKGROUND: The Health Belief Model (HBM) as a conceptual framework in health behavior research was applied to improve self-management. This study aimed to determine the effect of theory-based intervention program among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This quazi-experimental study was conducted on 110 women 17-41 years old which were divided randomly into intervention (n = 55) and control (n = 55) groups. The intervention group received a self-management education for four sessions lasting 35-40 minutes accompanied with a phone call as a booster. Both intervention and control groups attended a routine GDM education program at outpatient health centers. A multi-section instrument included demographics, 28 items in HBM (CVI and CVR were 0.83, 0.87, respectively) and self-management sections. All participants were invited to complete the questionnaire at baseline and at three and six months after intervention. SPSS version 21 was performed for data analysis using repeated measure ANOVA and paired t-test. P less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: At baseline, demographics and HBM constructs revealed no significant differences between two groups (P>0.05). After intervention, perceived susceptibility, severity, barriers, benefits and self-efficacy revealed significant differences in the intervention group compared with controls (P<0.001). Self-management and HbA1c indicated significant differences in the intervention group before and after three and six months (P<0.001) whereas in the control group no significant differences were revealed (P>0.05). CONCLUSION: Implementing the HBM educational intervention program with focus on benefits of self-management has positive impact on pregnant women.
[Children of insulin-dependent diabetic patients. A determination of status].; We report on 143 newborns of mothers with insulin dependent diabetes during pregnancy. The mean birth weight was 3.091 (+/- 619) g at a mean gestational age of 38.4 (+/- 2) weeks. Neonatal morbidity was associated with the disease class, insulin levels in the amniotic fluid, urine and cord blood; and especially persistent fetal hyperinsulinism as indicated by repeatedly high amniotic fluid insulin levels during pregnancy. One infant died (neonatal mortality 0.69%) of a severe cardiac malformation combined with a caudal regression syndrome. This was the only major malformation in the group.
Pharmacological evaluation of bradykinin effect on human umbilical artery in normal, hypertensive and diabetic pregnancy.; The objective of this investigation was to compare bradykinin (BK) action on isolated intact or denuded human umbilical artery (HUA) in normal pregnancy, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Bradykinin contracted HUA in a concentration-dependent manner in all investigated groups. Control BK contractions were unchanged by L-NOARG (NO-synthase inhibitor), glibenclamide (K(ATP) channel blocker), or des-Arg(9)(leu(8))-BK (B(1) antagonist), while were reduced by indomethacin (cyclooxygenase inhibitior) or nifedipine (Ca(2+) channel blocker). After endothelial denudation in GDM, concentration-response curve for BK was shifted to the left in relation to control HUA from normal pregnancy. OKY-046 (thromboxane A(2) -synthase inhibitor) displaced concentration-response curve for BK to the right in PIH, whereas reduction in maximal contraction was obtained in HUA from GDM. Ouabain (Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase inhibitor) contracted HUA prior to BK addition in all groups. Apamin (small conductance K(Ca) channel blocker), TEA (non-selectve K(+) channel blocker) or Ba(++) (K(IR)(+) channel blocker) augmented maximal BK contractions in normal pregnancy, PIH and GDM, respectively. HOE 140 (B(2) antagonist) produced concentration-dependent inhibition of BK effect in all groups. Collectively, in HUA from all groups BK evoked vasoconstriction via smooth muscle B(2) receptors. Intact endothelium provided additional modulation of BK contraction in GDM. Contribution of contractile cyclooxygenase products to BK action was demonstrated, and in PIH and GDM thromboxane A(2) was also involved. Voltage-gated Ca(2+) channels and Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase contribute to the BK contraction, and to the regulation of basal vascular tone, respectively. Diverse K(+) channels modulate BK contraction in HUA by preventing excessive vasoconstriction.
Insulin signaling regulates cardiac titin properties in heart development and diabetic cardiomyopathy.; Isoform-switching of the giant elastic protein titin is a main mechanism for adjusting passive myocardial stiffness in perinatal heart development and chronic heart disease. Previous evidence suggested that thyroid-hormone signaling converging onto the phosphoinositol-3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT pathway regulates titin-isoform composition in developing cardiomyocytes. Here we hypothesized that insulin, another activator of PI3K/AKT, alters titin-isoform composition and titin-based stiffness. We also checked for insulin-induced changes in titin phosphorylation. In embryonic rat cardiomyocytes cultured in the presence of insulin for 7 days, the mean proportion of the stiff N2B-titin isoform (M(w), 3000 kDa) significantly increased from 53% in controls to 65% in insulin-treated cells, the remainder being the more compliant N2BA-isoforms (M(w), 3200-3700 kDa). This insulin-dependent titin-isoform shift was blocked by PI3K-inhibitor, LY294002, suggesting that insulin controls the cardiac titin-isoform pattern by activating PI3K/AKT. Titin phosphorylation was substantially increased in insulin-treated compared to control cardiomyocytes. The impact of insulin-deficiency in vivo on titin-isoform expression, titin phosphorylation, and passive myocardial stiffness was studied in streptozotocin-treated (STZ) rats as a model of diabetes mellitus type-1. Within 5 months, STZ rats developed cardiac hypertrophy and mild left ventricular fibrosis, concomitant with elevated glucose levels. The mean proportion of N2B-titin was slightly but significantly decreased from 86% in controls to 79% in STZ hearts. Titin phosphorylation levels remained unchanged. Mechanical measurements on skinned cardiac fibers showed only minor passive stiffness modifications in STZ myocardium. We conclude that insulin signaling regulates titin-isoform composition and titin phosphorylation in embryonic cardiomyocytes and could also contribute to altered diastolic function in diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Pregnancy outcome and prepregnancy body mass index in 2459 glucose-tolerant Danish women.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to investigate the relationship between pregnancy outcome and prepregnancy overweight or obesity in women with a normal glucose tolerance test. STUDY DESIGN: A historical cohort study of 2459 pregnant women systematically examined for gestational diabetes was performed. Information of oral glucose tolerance test results and clinical outcome were collected from medical records. RESULTS: The risk of hypertensive complications, cesarean section, induction of labor and macrosomia was significantly increased in both overweight women (body mass index [BMI] 25.0-29.9 kg/m(2)) and obese women (BMI >or= 30.0 kg/m(2)) compared with women who were of normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)). The frequencies of shoulder dystocia, preterm delivery, and infant morbidity other than macrosomia were not significantly associated with maternal BMI. CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy overweight and obesity is associated with adverse pregnancy outcome in glucose-tolerant women.
Maternal Early-Life Risk Factors and Later Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional Analysis of the UAE Healthy Future Study (UAEHFS).; Limited studies have focused on maternal early-life risk factors and the later development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We aimed to estimate the GDM prevalence and examine the associations of maternal early-life risk factors, namely: maternal birthweight, parental smoking at birth, childhood urbanicity, ever-breastfed, parental education attainment, parental history of diabetes, childhood overall health, childhood body size, and childhood height, with later GDM. This was a retrospective cross-sectional study using the UAE Healthy Future Study (UAEHFS) baseline data (February 2016 to April 2022) on 702 ever-married women aged 18 to 67 years. We fitted a Poisson regression to estimate the risk ratio (RR) for later GDM and its 95% confidence interval (CI). The GDM prevalence was 5.1%. In the fully adjusted model, females with low birthweight were four times more likely (RR 4.04, 95% CI 1.36-12.0) and females with a parental history of diabetes were nearly three times more likely (RR 2.86, 95% CI 1.10-7.43) to report later GDM. In conclusion, maternal birthweight and parental history of diabetes were significantly associated with later GDM. Close glucose monitoring during pregnancy among females with either a low birth weight and/or parental history of diabetes might help to prevent GDM among this high-risk group.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases. AIM: To assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). METHODS: A search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines. RESULTS: Ample clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD. CONCLUSION: Current clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Excessive Gestational Weight Gain.; Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) is associated with an increasing incidence of maternal and neonatal complications, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, fetal macrosomia, and increased cesarean birth rates. In the United States, it is recommended that health care providers use an individualized approach to counsel a woman about pregnancy weight gain goals that is based on the woman's initial body mass index (BMI) and to track GWG throughout the pregnancy by evaluating maternal weight at each visit. Studies have shown that women entering pregnancy with a higher BMI are at increased risk for excessive GWG and postpartum weight retention. Research also demonstrates an increased risk of childhood obesity in children born to women with excessive GWG. Specific counseling about exercise and diet, as well as technology and motivational interviewing, are some tools prenatal care providers can use that have been shown to be effective in reducing excessive GWG. This article reviews the current research regarding maternal and neonatal risks associated with excessive GWG, as well as the interventions that have demonstrated promise for addressing this problem.
Previous traumatic brain injury is associated with an increased odds for gestational diabetes: a nationwide register-based cohort study in finland.; AIMS: Despite recent findings that traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a possible risk factor for type 2 diabetes (DM2) and that a strong association exists between gestational diabetes (GDM) and the risk for the development of DM2, no previous studies have investigated the effects of TBI on the risk for the development of GDM. Therefore, this study aims to determine the possible association between a previous traumatic brain injury and later gestational diabetes. METHODS: In this retrospective register-based cohort study, data from the National Medical Birth Register were combined with data from the Care Register for Health Care. Women who had sustained a TBI before pregnancy were included in the patient group. Women who had sustained previous fractures of the upper extremity, pelvis, or lower extremity were included in the control group. A logistic regression model was used to assess the risk for the development of GDM during pregnancy. Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) with 95% confidence intervals between the groups were compared. The model was adjusted by prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and maternal age during pregnancy, the use of in vitro fertilization (IVF), maternal smoking status, and multiple pregnancies. The risk for the development of GDM during different periods following the injury (0-3 years, 3-6 years, 6-9 years, and 9+ years) was calculated. RESULTS: In total, a 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed on 6802 pregnancies of women who had sustained a TBI and on 11 717 pregnancies of women who sustained fractures of the upper extremity, pelvis, or lower extremity. Of these, 1889 (27.8%) pregnancies were diagnosed with GDM in the patient group and 3117 (26.6%) in the control group. The total odds for GDM were higher after TBI compared to the other traumas (aOR 1.14, CI 1.06-1.22). The odds were highest at 9 + years after the injury (aOR 1.22, CI 1.07-1.39). CONCLUSION: The total odds for the development of GDM after TBI were higher when compared to the control group. Based on our findings, more research on this topic is warranted. Moreover, a history of TBI should be considered a possible risk factor for the development of GDM.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus among French Caribbean women chronically exposed to chlordecone.; Few studies have explored the consequences of environmental exposure to organochlorine pesticides for gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Chlordecone is a persistent organochlorine pesticide that was used intensively, and almost exclusively, in the French West Indies until 1993. We investigated the impact of prenatal exposure to chlordecone on the occurrence of GDM, GH and PE by studying 779 pregnant women enrolled in a prospective mother-child cohort (Timoun Study) in Guadeloupe between 2004 and 2007. Chlordecone exposure was determined by assaying maternal plasma and information about pregnancy complications was obtained from midwives, pediatricians and hospital medical records after delivery. The risks of GH (n=65), PE (n=31) and GDM (n=71) were estimated by multiple logistic regression including potential confounders. Levels of chlordecone plasma concentration in the third (OR=0.2; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.1, 0.5) and fourth quartiles (OR=0.3; 95% CI: 0.2, 0.7) were associated with a statistically significant decrease in the risk of GH. A log10 increase in chlordecone concentration was significantly associated with lower risk of GH (OR=0.4; 95% CI: 0.2, 0.6). No significant associations were observed between the chlordecone exposure and the risk of PE or GDM. This study suggests an inverse association between chlordecone exposure during pregnancy and GH. Further studies are required to determine the underlying mechanism, or the potential unknown confounding factors, resulting in this association.
Gestational diabetes and adverse perinatal outcomes from 716,152 births in France in 2012.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to assess the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a large national cohort. METHODS: All deliveries taking place after 22 weeks in France in 2012 were included by extracting data from the hospital discharge database and the national health insurance system. The diabetic status of mothers was determined by the use of glucose-lowering agents and by hospital diagnosis. Outcomes were analysed according to the type of diabetes and, in the GDM group, whether or not diabetes was insulin-treated. RESULTS: The cohort of 796,346 deliveries involved 57,629 (7.24%) mothers with GDM. Mother-infant linkage was obtained for 705,198 deliveries. The risks of adverse outcomes were much lower with GDM than with pregestational diabetes. After limiting the analysis to deliveries after 28 weeks to reduce immortal time bias, the risks of preterm birth (OR 1.3 [95% CI 1.3, 1.4]), Caesarean section (OR 1.4 [95% CI 1.4, 1.4]), pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (OR 1.7 [95% CI 1.6, 1.7]), macrosomia (OR 1.8 [95% CI 1.7, 1.8]), respiratory distress (OR 1.1 [95% CI 1.0, 1.3]), birth trauma (OR 1.3 [95% CI 1.1, 1.5]) and cardiac malformations (OR 1.3 [95% CI 1.1, 1.4]) were increased in women with GDM compared with the non-diabetic population. Higher risks were observed in women with insulin-treated GDM than those with diet-treated GDM. After limiting the analysis to term deliveries, an increased risk of perinatal mortality was observed. After excluding women suspected to have undiagnosed pregestational diabetes, the risk remained moderately increased only for those with diet-treated GDM (OR 1.3 [95% CI 1.0, 1.6]). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: GDM is associated with a moderately increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes, which is higher in insulin-treated GDM than in non-insulin-treated GDM for most outcomes.
Gestational diabetes induces behavioral and brain gene transcription dysregulation in adult offspring.; The etiology of Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD) includes a strong genetic component and a complicated environmental component. Recent evidence indicates that maternal diabetes, including gestational diabetes, is associated with an increased prevalence of ASD. While previous studies have looked into possible roles for maternal diabetes in neurodevelopment, there are few studies into how gestational diabetes, with no previous diabetic or metabolic phenotype, may affect neurodevelopment. In this study, we have specifically induced gestational diabetes in mice, followed by behavioral and molecular phenotyping of the mice offspring. Pregnant mice were injected with STZ a day after initiation of pregnancy. Glucose levels increased to diabetic levels between E7 and E14 in pregnancy in a subset of the pregnant animals. Male offspring of Gestational Diabetic mothers displayed increased repetitive behaviors with no dysregulation in the three-chambered social interaction test. RNA-seq analysis revealed a dysregulation in genes related to forebrain development in the frontal cortex and a dysregulation of a network of neurodevelopment and immune related genes in the striatum. Together, these results give evidence that gestational diabetes can induce changes in adulthood behavior and gene transcription in the brain.
Pregnancy-related interventions in mothers at risk for gestational diabetes in Asian India and low and middle-income countries (PRIMORDIAL study): protocol for a randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Lifestyle modification is the mainstay of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevention. However, clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of diet or physical activity (PA) in low-income and middle-income settings such as Africa and India are lacking. This trial aims to evaluate the efficacy of yoghurt consumption and increased PA (daily walking) in reducing GDM incidence in high-risk pregnant women. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: The study is a 2×2 factorial, open-labelled, multicentre randomised controlled trial to be conducted in Vellore, South India and The Gambia, West Africa. 'High-risk' pregnant women (n=1856) aged ≥18 years and ≤16 weeks of gestational age, with at least one risk factor for developing GDM, will be randomised to either (1) yoghurt (2) PA (3) yoghurt +PA or (4) standard antenatal care. Participants will be followed until 32 weeks of gestation with total active intervention lasting for a minimum of 16 weeks. The primary endpoint is GDM incidence at 26-28 weeks diagnosed using International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria or elevated fasting glucose (≥5.1 mmol/L) at 32 weeks. Secondary endpoints include absolute values of fasting plasma glucose concentration at 32 weeks gestation, maternal blood pressure, gestational weight gain, intrapartum and neonatal outcomes. Analysis will be both by intention to treat and per-protocol. Continuous outcome measurements will be analysed using multiple linear regression and binary variables by logistic regression. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study is approved by Oxford Tropical Research Ethics Committee (44-18), ethics committees of the Christian Medical College, Vellore (IRB 11367) and MRCG Scientific Coordinating Committee (SCC 1645) and The Gambia Government/MRCG joint ethics committee (L2020.E15). Findings of the study will be published in peer-reviewed scientific journals and presented in conferences. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN18467720.
Impact of postpartum weight change on metabolic syndrome and its components among women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: While postpartum weight changes may affect the levels of metabolic parameters, the direct effects of weight changes in the postpartum period on changes in the prevalence rates of metabolic syndrome and its components remain unstudied. This study aimed to investigate the effects of postpartum weight changes between 6 weeks and 6 months on changes in the prevalence rates of metabolic syndrome and its components in women who have recently experienced gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 171 postpartum women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus, who underwent serial weight and metabolic risk factor assessments at 6 weeks and 6 months postpartum. Weight changes between these time points were classified as weight loss (> 2 kg), weight stability (± 2 kg), or weight gain (> 2 kg). Metabolic syndrome comprised the following metabolic risk factors: large waist circumference, elevated blood pressure, elevated fasting plasma glucose levels, high triglyceride levels, and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. RESULTS: Of the 171 women in our cohort, 30 women (17.5%) lost > 2 kg of body weight, while 85 (49.7%) maintained a stable weight and 56 (32.8%) gained > 2 kg. The weight loss group experienced significant changes in the prevalence rates of the following metabolic risk factors compared to the weight stability and weight gain groups: large waist circumference (% change: - 26.7 vs - 5.9 vs 5.4, respectively; p = 0.004), elevated fasting plasma glucose levels (% change: - 3.4 vs 18.9 vs 26.8, respectively; p = 0.022), and high triglyceride levels (% change: - 30.0 vs 0 vs - 7.2, respectively; p = 0.024). A significantly greater decrease in the prevalence of metabolic syndrome was also found in the weight loss group than in the other two groups (% change: - 20.0 vs 11.8 vs 14.2, respectively; p = 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: Weight changes from 6 weeks to 6 months postpartum significantly altered the prevalence rates of metabolic syndrome and its components in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus. Early postpartum weight loss can reverse metabolic risk factors and reduce the prevalence of metabolic syndrome. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Thai Clinical Trials Registry: Registration no. TCTR20200903001. Date of registration: September 3, 2020. Date of initial participant enrolment: September 7, 2020.
Should we consider gestational diabetes a vascular risk factor?; Few and contrasting data have reported vascular endothelial dysfunction and increased serum levels of endothelial dysfunction and inflammatory markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We aimed at evaluating 6.5 years after delivery: intimal medial thickness (IMT), and C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) levels in 82 non-pregnant pGDM and 113 control women without pGDM. A subgroup of 21 women, taken from the pGDM group, showing current normal BMI, and no metabolic abnormalities, was separately analysed. All the subjects were free of medication and non-smokers. Women with pGDM, independently by their current BMI and presence of metabolic abnormalities, showed significantly higher E-selectin, ICAM-1 and IMT values than controls. IMT proved to be significantly associated with pGDM in a regression model, after adjustments for BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, and glucose values (beta=0.046; 95% CI 0.028-0.064). In all pGDM women, E-selectin, ICAM-1, IL-6 and hs-CRP values were significantly associated with IMT in the same model. Post-GDM women, despite being currently free from metabolic abnormalities, showed higher values of markers of endothelial dysfunction and IMT than controls, consistent with an increased future cardiovascular risk.
Expression of apoptosis-regulatory genes in the hippocampus of rat neonates born to mothers with diabetes.; Diabetes during pregnancy impairs the development of the central nervous system (CNS) and causes cognitive and behavioral abnormalities in offspring. However, the exact mechanism by which the maternal diabetes affects the development of the brain remains to be elucidated. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of maternal diabetes in pregnancy on the expression of Bcl-2 and Bax genes and the numerical density of degenerating dark neurons (DNs) in the hippocampus of offspring at the first postnatal two weeks. Wistar female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition and male offspring was sacrificed at P0, P7, and P14. Our findings demonstrated a significant down-regulation in the hippocampal expression of Bcl-2 in the diabetic group newborns (P < 0.05). In contrast, the mRNA expression of Bax was markedly up-regulated in the offspring born to diabetic dams at all of studied time-points (P < 0.05). Moreover, we found a striking increase in the numerical density of DNs in the various subfields of hippocampus of diabetic group pups (P < 0.05). The results of the present study revealed that maternal hyperglycemia during gestational period may result in disturbances in the expression of Bcl-2 and Bax genes as two important genes in neuronal apoptosis regulation and induces the production of DNs in the developing hippocampus of neonatal rats. These disturbances may be a reason for the cognitive, structural, and behavioral anomalies observed in offspring born to diabetic mothers. Furthermore, the control of maternal glycaemia by insulin administration in most cases normalized these negative impacts.
Pregnancy complications in polycystic ovary syndrome patients.; Infertility is a widely disputed problem affecting patients suffering from polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). As a serious dysfunction, it frequently occurs in PCOS patients. It is, therefore, important to devote more attention to pregnancy in PCOS sufferers. According to various data, the risk of miscarriage in PCOS women is three times higher than the risk of miscarriage in healthy women. Unfortunately, the risk of most frequent pregnancy pathologies is also higher for PCOS patients, as gestational diabetes (GD), pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia, and small for gestational age (SGA) children. Impaired glucose tolerance and GD in pregnant PCOS patients occur more frequently than in healthy women. A quadruple increase in the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension linked to arterial wall stiffness has also been observed in PCOS patients. The risk of pre-eclampsia, the most severe of all complications, is also four times higher in those suffering from PCOS. Pre-eclampsia is also more frequent in patients presenting additional risk factors accompanying PCOS, such as obesity or GD. At that point, it should be mentioned that PCOS patients are under 2.5 higher risk of giving birth to SGA children than healthy women. It appears that SGA can be linked to insulin resistance and insulin-dependent growth dysfunction. Therefore, PCOS pregnant women are patients of special obstetrical care.
The association between serum asymmetric dimethyl arginine levels and a history of gestational diabetes among healthy women.; In recent years, asymmetric dimethyl arginine (ADMA) has emerged as an early marker and/or mediator of endothelial dysfunction and it has been proved to be a novel, independent risk factor of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Our aim in this study was to compare the ADMA concentrations among patients with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with controls. Thirty women with a history of GDM and 40 age-matched and BMI-matched healthy controls were enrolled in this study. ADMA concentrations, fasting blood glucose levels, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) second hour plasma glucose levels, and insulin levels were compared between two groups. The fasting blood glucose levels were also significantly higher in patients with GDM history. Although second hour values of 75-g OGTT were higher in patients with GDM history, the difference between groups was not statistically significant. However, the insulin and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance levels were statistically significantly higher in patients with a history of GDM. The concentrations of ADMA were found to be statistically higher in patients with a history of GDM (0.45 ± 0.11 vs. 0.31 ± 0.13 μmol/l, respectively; P = 0.01). This study shows that women who had a history of GDM are under risk for cardiovascular diseases, although they seem to be healthy and have normal blood biochemical levels, because of elevated serum ADMA levels. Clinicians should be aware of this increased cardiovascular disease risk among patients with a history of GDM.
Early insulin response in latent gestational diabetes.; The intravenous glucose tolerance and glucose-stimulated early insulin response (EIR) were studied in late pregnancy and post partum in a reference (R) group of 9 women and in 18 women with latent gestational diabetes (LD), defined as a k-value of < 0.66/h and a normal fasting blood glucose concentration. During pregnancy, the LD group showed a lower EIR than the R group. However, the response ranged between normal and non-detectable. In the non-pregnant state, the EIR was the same in the two groups. The inability to increase the EIR during pregnancy wss most evident in women who even post partum had an abnormal glucose tolerance. In some women in the LD group, the EIR during pregnancy was even lower than in the non-pregnant state. The magnitude of the response in the non-pregnant state was not decisive of the capacity to increase the secretion during pregnancy. None of the women in the LD group developed manifest diabetes during pregnancy. They gave birth to children with normal birth weight, and no neonatal problems were registered except for one child with congenital heart malformation.
Counseling and Behavioral Interventions for Healthy Weight and Weight Gain in Pregnancy: Evidence Report and Systematic Review for the US Preventive Services Task Force.; IMPORTANCE: Counseling and active behavioral interventions to limit excess gestational weight gain (GWG) during pregnancy may improve health outcomes for women and infants. The 2009 National Academy of Medicine (NAM; formerly the Institute of Medicine) recommendations for healthy GWG vary according to prepregnancy weight category. OBJECTIVE: To review and synthesize the evidence on benefits and harms of behavioral interventions to promote healthy weight gain during pregnancy to inform the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendation. DATA SOURCES: Ovid MEDLINE and the Cochrane Library to March 2020, with surveillance through February 2021. STUDY SELECTION: Randomized clinical trials and nonrandomized controlled intervention studies focused on diet, exercise, and/or behavioral counseling interventions on GWG. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Independent data abstraction and study quality rating with dual review. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Gestational weight-related outcomes; maternal and infant morbidity and mortality; harms. RESULTS: Sixty-eight studies (N = 25 789) were included. Sixty-seven studies evaluated interventions during pregnancy, and 1 evaluated an intervention prior to pregnancy. GWG interventions were associated with reductions in risk of gestational diabetes (43 trials, n = 19 752; relative risk [RR], 0.87 [95% CI, 0.79 to 0.95]; absolute risk difference [ARD], -1.6%) and emergency cesarean delivery (14 trials, n = 7520; RR, 0.85 [95% CI, 0.74 to 0.96]; ARD, -2.4%). There was no significant association between GWG interventions and risk of gestational hypertension, cesarean delivery, or preeclampsia. GWG interventions were associated with decreased risk of macrosomia (25 trials, n = 13 990; RR, 0.77 [95% CI, 0.65 to 0.92]; ARD, -1.9%) and large for gestational age (26 trials, n = 13 000; RR, 0.89 [95% CI, 0.80 to 0.99]; ARD, -1.3%) but were not associated with preterm birth. Intervention participants experienced reduced weight gain across all prepregnancy weight categories (55 trials, n = 20 090; pooled mean difference, -1.02 kg [95% CI, -1.30 to -0.75]) and demonstrated lower likelihood of GWG in excess of NAM recommendations (39 trials, n = 14 271; RR, 0.83 [95% CI, 0.77 to 0.89]; ARD, -7.6%). GWG interventions were associated with reduced postpartum weight retention at 12 months (10 trials, n = 3957; mean difference, -0.63 kg [95% CI, -1.44 to -0.01]). Data on harms were limited. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Counseling and active behavioral interventions to limit GWG were associated with decreased risk of gestational diabetes, emergency cesarean delivery, macrosomia, and large for gestational age. GWG interventions were also associated with modest reductions in mean GWG and decreased likelihood of exceeding NAM recommendations for GWG.
Outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Screening and prevention of type 2 diabetes. Literature review.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are characterized by a high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (x 7), metabolic syndrome (x 2 to 5) and cardiovascular diseases (x 1,7). Women with lesser degrees of glucose intolerance share the same risks. T2DM may occur from post-partum (5 to 14%) to several years later, up to 25 years. Some factors associated with T2DM are identified: obesity, early diagnosis of GDM before 24 weeks gestation, high pregnancy OGTT blood glucose or insulin-therapy during GDM. Screening for T2DM only with fasting glucose provides less sensibility than with OGTT; HbA1c may supplant these dosages. The recurrence rate of GDM is between 30 and 84%, non-white ethnicity and insulinotherapy during GDM being the best proven predictors. High risk women need repeated life-long screenings for glycaemic abnormalities, or when another pregnancy is planned. Among obese women with history of GDM who show minor glycoregulation disturbances, modifications of lifestyle in intensive programs or metformin halve the risk of DT2. However, studies analysing practices show low adhesion to screening; without an intensive program, few women implement lifestyle modifications. These intensive programs should be implemented and proposed to high-risk women. Their therapeutic education should also include prevention of cardiovascular risk factors.
Perioperative management of adult diabetic patients. Specific situations.; Ambulatory surgery can be carried out in diabetic patients. By using a strict organisational and technical approach, the risk of glycaemic imbalance is minimised, allowing the patients to return to their previous way of life more quickly. Taking into account the context of ambulatory surgery, with a same day discharge, the aims are to minimise the changes to antidiabetic treatment, to maintain adequate blood sugar control and to resume oral feeding as quickly as possible. The preoperative evaluation is the same as for a hospitalised patient and recent glycaemic control (HbA1c) is necessary. Perioperative management and the administration of treatment depend on the number of meals missed. The patient can return home after taking up usual feeding and treatment again. Hospitalisation is necessary if significant glycaemic imbalance occurs. In pregnancy, it is necessary to distinguish between known pre-existing diabetes (T1D or T2D) and gestational diabetes, defined as glucose intolerance discovered during pregnancy. During labour, blood sugar levels should be maintained between 0.8 and 1.4g/L (4.4-8.25mmol/L). Control of blood sugar levels is obtained by using a continuous administration of insulin using an electronic syringe (IVES) together with a glucose infusion. Post-partum, management depends on the type of diabetes: in T1D and T2D patients a basal-bolus scheme is restarted with decreased doses while in gestational diabetes insulin therapy is stopped after delivery. Antidiabetic treatment is again necessary if blood sugar levels remain>1.26g/L (7mmol/L).
Influence of gestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system: a study using phase-rectified signal-averaging analysis.; OBJECTIVES: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to influence fetal physiology. Phase-rectified signal averaging (PRSA) is an innovative signal-processing technique that can be used to investigate fetal heart signals. The PRSA-calculated variables average acceleration capacity (AAC) and average deceleration capacity (ADC) are established indices of autonomic nervous system (ANS) function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of GDM on the fetal cardiovascular and ANS function in human pregnancy using PRSA. METHODS: This was a prospective clinical case-control study of 58 mothers with diagnosed GDM and 58 gestational-age matched healthy controls in the third trimester of pregnancy. Fetal cardiotocography (CTG) recordings were performed in all cases at entry to the study, and a follow-up recording was performed in 19 GDM cases close to delivery. The AAC and ADC indices were calculated by the PRSA method and fetal heart rate short-term variation (STV) by CTG software according to Dawes-Redman criteria. RESULTS: Mean gestational age of both groups at study entry was 35.7 weeks. There was a significant difference in mean AAC (1.97 ± 0.33 bpm vs 2.42 ± 0.57 bpm; P < 0.001) and ADC (1.94 ± 0.32 bpm vs 2.28 ± 0.46 bpm; P < 0.001) between controls and fetuses of diabetic mothers. This difference could not be demonstrated using standard computerized fetal CTG analysis of STV (controls, 10.8 ± 3.0 ms vs GDM group, 11.3 ± 2.5 ms; P = 0.32). Longitudinal fetal heart rate measurements in a subgroup of women with diabetes were not significantly different from those at study entry. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show increased ANS activity in fetuses of diabetic mothers in late gestation. Analysis of human fetal cardiovascular and ANS function by PRSA may offer improved surveillance over conventional techniques linking GDM pregnancy to future cardiovascular dysfunction in the offspring. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
[New diagnostic criteria and classification of diabetes mellitus].; World Health Organisation (WHO) has recently proposed new diagnostic criteria and classification of diabetes mellitus. A major change in diagnostic criteria is lowering of diagnostic fasting plasma glucose level: level of 7.0 mM/L or more in two separate samples is sufficient for the diagnosis. Diagnostic criteria for plasma glucose in 120-min. of oral glucose tolerance test are unchanged. Newly recommended fasting level seems to correlate better with 120-min. value and to be a good marker of increased cardiovascular risk. The new classification describes impaired glucose regulation with two stages: impaired fasting glycaemia (plasma glucose of 6.1-7.0 mM/L) which is a new category and impaired glucose tolerance. Both subcategories are not real clinical entities, but markers of diabetic and cardiovascular risk. Diabetes mellitus, as a clinical entity, is separated in four classes: type 1, type 2, other specific types and gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes includes any glucose intolerance in pregnancy. The Croatian Board for Diabetes Mellitus recommends acceptance of these criteria and classification for clinical use in the country and suggests that OGTT be performed for metabolic syndrome detection in cases of impaired fasting glycaemia.
No consistent association between birthweight and parental risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease.; INTRODUCTION: The fetal insulin hypothesis proposes that the inverse relationship between birthweight and risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease is partly as a result of inherited factors which influence the effect of insulin and insulin-like growth factors. It has been proposed that an inverse relationship between birthweight and parental risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease is evidence in support of this hypothesis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Data from a prospective birth cohort study, followed up to age 50, was used to assess the relationship between birthweight and reported parental diabetes, hypertension, angina and stroke using logistic regression. RESULTS: Of the 832 cohort members traced at age 50, 574 (69%) returned questionnaires that included questions on parental illness. Complete data was available for 541 (94%) of these on maternal illness and for 531 (92%) on paternal illness. Birthweight, standardized for sex and gestational age and adjusted for social class at birth, was inversely associated with maternal stroke (odds ratio = 0.75, 95% confidence intervals 0.60-0.95). There were no other statistically significant associations between birthweight and risk of parental illness. DISCUSSION: We found little evidence of a consistent inverse relationship between birthweight and parental risk of diabetes or cardiovascular disease. This may be because of the quality of our data--which is limited by the problems of collecting robust data over two generations.
Development of type 2 diabetes in women with comorbid gestational diabetes and common mental disorders in the Born in Bradford cohort.; OBJECTIVES: To compare, in a population of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the time to diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes in those with and without common mental disorder (CMD) (depression and/or anxiety) during pregnancy. DESIGN AND SETTING: prospective study of the Born in Bradford cohort in Bradford, UK. PARTICIPANTS: 909 women diagnosed with GDM between 2007 and 2010, with linkage to their primary care records until 2017. The exposed population were women with an indicator of CMD during pregnancy in primary care records. The unexposed were those without an indicator. OUTCOME MEASURES: Time to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes as indicated by a diagnosis in primary care records. ANALYSIS: time to event analysis using Cox regression was employed. Multiple imputation by chained equations was implemented to handle missing data. Models were adjusted for maternal age, ethnicity, education, preconception CMD and tobacco smoking during pregnancy. RESULTS: 165 women (18%) were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes over a follow-up period of around 10 years. There was no evidence of an effect of antenatal CMD on the development of type 2 diabetes following GDM (adjusted HR 0.95; 95% CI 0.57 to 1.57). CONCLUSIONS: Women with CMD were not at an increased risk of type 2 diabetes following GDM. This is reassuring for women with these co-morbidities but requires replication in other study populations.
Perinatal mortality and congenital anomalies in babies of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland: population based study.; OBJECTIVE: To provide perinatal mortality and congenital anomaly rates for babies born to women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. DESIGN: National population based pregnancy cohort. SETTING: 231 maternity units in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. PARTICIPANTS: 2359 pregnancies to women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes who delivered between 1 March 2002 and 28 February 2003. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Stillbirth rates; perinatal and neonatal mortality; prevalence of congenital anomalies. RESULTS: Of 2359 women with diabetes, 652 had type 2 diabetes and 1707 had type 1 diabetes. Women with type 2 diabetes were more likely to come from a Black, Asian, or other ethnic minority group (type 2, 48.8%; type 1, 9.1%) and from a deprived area (type 2, 46.3% in most deprived fifth; type 1, 22.8%). Perinatal mortality in babies of women with diabetes was 31.8/1000 births. Perinatal mortality was comparable in babies of women with type 1 (31.7/1000 births) and type 2 diabetes (32.3/1000) and was nearly four times higher than that in the general maternity population. 141 major congenital anomalies were confirmed in 109 offspring. The prevalence of major congenital anomaly was 46/1000 births in women with diabetes (48/1000 births for type 1 diabetes; 43/1000 for type 2 diabetes), more than double that expected. This increase was driven by anomalies of the nervous system, notably neural tube defects (4.2-fold), and congenital heart disease (3.4-fold). Anomalies in 71/109 (65%) offspring were diagnosed antenatally. Congenital heart disease was diagnosed antenatally in 23/42 (54.8%) offspring; anomalies other than congenital heart disease were diagnosed antenatally in 48/67 (71.6%) offspring. CONCLUSION: Perinatal mortality and prevalence of congenital anomalies are high in the babies of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The rates do not seem to differ between the two types of diabetes.
[Sports and diabetes].; Diabetes and sports are not incompatible. Type-1 diabetic persons must learn how to adapt their insulin dosage and carbohydrate intake, in order to avoid hypoglycaemic attacks. In type-2 diabetic persons, an exercise program can contribute to decrease the cardiovascular risk and improve glycaemic control. A thorough check-up, oriented towards specific complications and exclusion of coronary heart disease, is imperative in any diabetic persons involved in an exercise program. Patient associations provide useful informations and offer programs where the patient can learn how to cope with his disease when exercising.
Pregnancy Outcomes Based on Pre-Pregnancy Body Mass Index in Japanese Women.; OBJECTIVE: To verify whether body mass index (BMI) classification proposed by the Institute of Medicine (IOM) is valid in Japanese women. METHOD: A study was conducted in 97,157 women with singleton pregnancies registered in the Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (JSOG) Successive Pregnancy Birth Registry System between January 2013 and December 2013, to examine pregnancy outcomes in four groups stratified by pre-pregnancy BMI category according to the 2009 criteria recommended by the Institute of Medicine (IOM). The groups comprised 17,724 underweight women with BMI <18.5, 69,126 normal weight women with BMI 18.5-24.9, 7,502 overweight women with BMI 25-29.9, and 2,805 obese women with BMI ≥30. The pregnancy outcomes were also compared among subgroups stratified by a gestational weight gain below, within, and above the optimal weight gain. RESULTS: The higher the pre-pregnancy BMI, the higher the incidences of pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, macrosomia, cesarean delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and post-term birth, but the lower the incidence of small for gestational age (SGA). In all pre-pregnancy BMI category groups, excess gestational weight gain was associated with a higher frequency of large for gestational age and macrosomia; poor weight gain correlated with a higher frequency of SGA, preterm birth, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and spontaneous preterm birth; and optimal weight gain within the recommended range was associated with a better outcome. CONCLUSION: The BMI classification by the IOM was demonstrated to be valid in Japanese women.
Education and screening for obesity, hypertension, and diabetes (including gestational diabetes) "at the doorstep" of women from nine underprivileged urban areas in Delhi National Capital Region.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Women in underprivileged urban areas have poor access to health and education, making them vulnerable to non-communicable diseases (NCDs), specifically diabetes. The current project has sought to focus on this group, to educate and screen this population to prevent and manage obesity and diabetes. METHODS: The project was conducted in 9 underprivileged areas of Delhi NCR using a mobile van unit. Women from these areas were invited for health education (this included talks, lectures and distribution of Information, Education & Communication material), screening {anthropometric, blood glucose and blood pressure (BP) measurements} diet counselling sessions and referral of subjects with uncontrolled blood glucose. RESULTS: Baseline survey on knowledge of diabetes and nutrition showed low awareness. Health education sessions (n, 46) included face-to-face discussion and problem solving and distribution of simple pictorial leaflets (n, 3000). The health education sessions were well accepted. In total, 4% women (n,3175/91000- total population, 3056 non-pregnant, 119 pregnant) participated in the research trial. Among non-pregnant women, an average weight gain of 11.8 kg between the ages of 20-40 years was observed. The average BMI and waist circumference (WC) was 26.8 ± 5.3 kg/m(2) and 91.1 ± 13.2 cm, respectively in non-pregnant women. Further, 75.3.0% (2207/2928) and 96.7% (2875/2971) of the non-pregnant women had overweight/obesity and abdominal obesity, respectively. In the non-pregnant women, 21.7% had known diabetes. Further, 7.4% non-pregnant women and 2.5% pregnant women were identified as having hyperglycaemic state. Hypertension was observed in 11.9% pregnant women and 49.9% of non-pregnant women. CONCLUSION: Extremely high prevalence of obesity, along with diabetes and hypertension in underprivileged urban women requires intensive individualised and group health education, screening, and counselling "at the doorsteps", as has been shown in our model.
Myoinositols Prevent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Related Complications: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has several short- and long-term adverse effects on the mother and the offspring, no medicine is generally prescribed to prevent GDM. The present systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to investigate the effect of inositol supplementation in preventing GDM and related outcomes. Systematic search was performed in CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and Embase until 13 September 2023. Eligible randomized controlled trials (RCTs) compared the efficacy of inositols to placebo in pregnant women at high risk for GDM. Our primary outcome was the incidence of GDM, whereas secondary outcomes were oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and maternal and fetal complications. (PROSPERO registration number: CRD42021284939). Eight eligible RCTs were identified, including the data of 1795 patients. The incidence of GDM was halved by inositols compared to placebo (RR = 0.42, CI: 0.26-0.67). Fasting, 1-h, and 2-h OGTT glucose levels were significantly decreased by inositols. The stereoisomer myoinositol also reduced the risk of insulin need (RR = 0.29, CI: 0.13-0.68), preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (RR = 0.38, CI: 0.2-0.71), preterm birth (RR = 0.44, CI: 0.22-0.88), and neonatal hypoglycemia (RR = 0.12, CI: 0.03-0.55). Myoinositol decrease the incidence of GDM in pregnancies high-risk for GDM. Moreover, myoinositol supplementation reduces the risk of insulin need, preeclampsia or gestational hypertension, preterm birth, and neonatal hypoglycemia. Based on the present study 2-4 g myoinositol canbe suggested from the first trimester to prevent GDM and related outcomes.
Gestational diabetes, inflammation, and late vascular disease.; Physiological changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance and activation of the innate immunity with an inflammatory response. The working hypothesis is that the sub-clinical inflammation associated with excessive adiposity may favor the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) and Type 2 diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease later in life. In this paper we review the complex interrelationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic syndrome, and endothelium dysfunction in women with GDM and discuss if women with previous GDM (pGDM) could be considered at risk for cardiovascular diseases. MEDLINE was searched for articles relating GDM and the adipokines (tumor necrosis factor-alpha and adiponectin) as well as the acute-phase inflammatory biomarker C-reactive protein that contribute to the development of diabetic pregnancy and vascular complications. However, to date, in pGDM women no prospective study is available, to corroborate the hypothesis that inflammatory pattern could be taken as predictor of cardiovascular disease later in life. Therefore, our paper should provide arguments to perform follow-up programs to prevent cardiovascular events in women with pGDM. Control of body weight, regular physical exercise are indeed powerful intervention tools able at improving insulin sensitivity and reduce sub-clinical inflammation, both involved in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease.
Left ventricle diastolic dysfunction in diabetes: an update.; Diabetes mellitus, a disease that has been reaching epidemic proportions, is an important risk factor to the development of cardiovascular complication. Diabetes causes changes within the cardiac structure and function, even in the absence of atherosclerotic disease. The left ventricular diastolic dysfunction (VE) represents the earliest pre-clinical manifestation of diabetic cardiomyopathy, preceding the systolic dysfunction and being able to evolve to symptomatic heart failure. The doppler echocardiography has emerged as an important noninvasive diagnostic tool, providing reliable data in the stages of diastolic function, as well as for systolic function. With the advent of recent echocardiographic techniques, such as tissue Doppler and color M-mode, the accuracy in identifying the moderate diastolic dysfunction, the pseudonormal pattern, has significantly improved. Due to cardio-metabolic repercussions of DM, a detailed evaluation of cardiovascular function in diabetic patients is important, and some alterations may be seen even in patients with gestational diabetes.
Postpregnancy BMI in the Progression From Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy to Type 2 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To study the extent to which BMI after pregnancy adds to the elevated risk of postpregnancy type 2 diabetes in women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (preeclampsia or gestational hypertension). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We used data from the Nurses' Health Study II, a prospective cohort study. In women aged 45-54 years without prior gestational diabetes mellitus, we investigated the interaction between BMI and HDP history on the risk of type 2 diabetes. For clinical and public health relevance, we focused on additive interaction. The main outcome measure was the relative excess risk due to interaction calculated from multivariable Cox proportional hazards models using normal weight as the reference group. RESULTS: In total, 6,563 (11.7%) of 56,159 participants had a history of HDP and 1,341 women developed type 2 diabetes during 436,333 person-years. BMI was a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes regardless of HDP history. However, there was evidence of an additive interaction between BMI and HDP for the risk of type 2 diabetes (P = 0.004). The attributable proportion of risk due to the interaction ranged from 0.12 (95% CI -0.22, 0.46) in women who were overweight to 0.36 (95% CI 0.13, 0.59) in women with obesity class I. CONCLUSIONS: Maintaining a healthy weight may be of even greater importance in women with a history of HDP, compared with other women with a history of only normotensive pregnancies, to reduce midlife risk of type 2 diabetes.
Complex and irregular heart rate dynamics in fetuses compromised by maternal anemia as a high-risk pregnancy.; AIM: To examine how complex and irregular fetal heart rate (FHR) dynamics differ between fetuses of normal pregnancies and those of pregnancies complicated by maternal anemia (MA), and to place this in the context of high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: Our study population consisted of 97 pregnant women affected by MA, 118 affected by pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), 88 affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 53 with preterm premature rupture of membranes (pPROM), and 356 normal pregnancies as controls. We calculated approximate entropy (ApEn), sample entropy (SampEn), and correlation dimension (CD) to quantify irregularity and the chaotic dynamics of each FHR time series. RESULTS: The ApEn in the fetuses of the MA and PIH groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05). The SampEn was significantly lower in the high-risk groups, except for the pPROM group, than in the normal controls (P<0.05). The CD in the PIH and severe MA groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05, respectively). In the MA group, the dynamic indices showed a highly significant positive correlation with hemoglobin (Hb) levels (P<0.0001). CONCLUSION: The decreased complexity and/or irregularity in the FHR from pregnancies with MA may reflect abnormalities in the complex, integrated cardiovascular control. The irregularity and complexity of the FHR increased together with Hb levels in pregnancies with MA. Our data suggest that the integrity of the nervous system in the fetuses compromised by severe MA might result directly in adverse outcomes.
Effect of exercise on pregnancy outcome.; The purpose of this review was to critically evaluate the scientific literature for the effects of exercise on pregnancy outcome. Evidenced-based studies were reviewed. Maternal outcomes analyzed in this review were gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, and weight gain, fetal outcomes evaluated were birth weight, time of delivery, and mode of delivery. Despite methodological pitfalls in the studies published, the evidence suggests a benefit of exercise in pregnancy. Exercise in pregnancy could prevent and limit adverse maternal and fetal morbidities and provide a long-term benefit through reduction of maternal weight gain during pregnancy, and improvement in cardiovascular fitness. Pregnancy emerges as a unique time for behavior modification.
Exploring preconception signatures of metabolites in mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus using a non-targeted approach.; BACKGROUND: Metabolomic changes during pregnancy have been suggested to underlie the etiology of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, research on metabolites during preconception is lacking. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate distinctive metabolites during the preconception phase between GDM and non-GDM controls in a nested case-control study in Singapore. METHODS: Within a Singapore preconception cohort, we included 33 Chinese pregnant women diagnosed with GDM according to the IADPSG criteria between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. We then matched them with 33 non-GDM Chinese women by age and pre-pregnancy body mass index (ppBMI) within the same cohort. We performed a non-targeted metabolomics approach using fasting serum samples collected within 12 months prior to conception. We used generalized linear mixed model to identify metabolites associated with GDM at preconception after adjusting for maternal age and ppBMI. After annotation and multiple testing, we explored the additional predictive value of novel signatures of preconception metabolites in terms of GDM diagnosis. RESULTS: A total of 57 metabolites were significantly associated with GDM, and eight phosphatidylethanolamines were annotated using HMDB. After multiple testing corrections and sensitivity analysis, phosphatidylethanolamines 36:4 (mean difference β: 0.07; 95% CI: 0.02, 0.11) and 38:6 (β: 0.06; 0.004, 0.11) remained significantly higher in GDM subjects, compared with non-GDM controls. With all preconception signals of phosphatidylethanolamines in addition to traditional risk factors (e.g., maternal age and ppBMI), the predictive value measured by area under the curve (AUC) increased from 0.620 to 0.843. CONCLUSIONS: Our data identified distinctive signatures of GDM-associated preconception phosphatidylethanolamines, which is of potential value to understand the etiology of GDM as early as in the preconception phase. Future studies with larger sample sizes among alternative populations are warranted to validate the associations of these signatures of metabolites and their predictive value in GDM.
Fetal heart rate in maternal hypoglycemic coma.; In pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring is widely utilized to detect early fetal compromise. Never, however, was the fetal heart rate monitored during a maternal hypoglycemic coma. Such a case is here presented.
Screening, management, and outcome of pregnancy in diabetic mothers.; During a 3.5-year period 94 latently and manifestly diabetic patients were treated in the State Maternity Hospital of Helsinki. Management of manifestly diabetic patients included strict control of maternal glucose metabolism based on plasma glucose values after meals and on fasting plasma glucose values, early hospitalization, and delivery near term to avoid infant morbidity due to prematurity. Fetal surveillance was based primarily on daily nonstress fetal heart rate monitoring and frequent urinary estriol determinations. Hypertensive disorders were encountered in 33% of patients in class A and 24% of patients in classes B through F; urinary tract infections were found in 17% and repeated maternal hypoglycemic episodes were found in 20% of manifestly diabetic mothers. Diabetic retinopathy showed variable progression during pregnancy in 50% of cases and unchanged in the remaining 50%; only 16% of patients with hypertensive retinopathy showed progression on reexamination. The perinatal mortality was 1.1%. Delivery by cesarean section was performed in 55.3% of cases. The duration of gestation at the moment of delivery was 38.9 weeks in class A and progressively less in classes B through F according to the severity of the diabetic disorder. The following percentages reflecting infant morbidity were encountered: respiratory distress syndrome 5.3%; neonatal hypoglycemia, 10.6%; hyperbilirubinemia, 8.5%; hypocalcemia, 5.3%; and the aspiration syndrome, 5.3%. Two infants had congenital anomalies: 1 had hypospadias and the other had aortic coarctation.
Clinical Value of Serum BMP-4, BMP-2, GDF-15, MMP-9, GP39 Levels in Pregnant Women with Obesity and the Related Comorbidities Diabetes Mellitus and Gestational Hypertension.; AIMS: We evaluated the clinical value of selected serum biomarkers BMP-4, BMP-2, GDF-15, MMP-9, and GP39 in pregnant women with obesity and the comorbidities diabetes mellitus (DM) and gestational hypertension (GHT). METHODS: This observational study had groups of controls, including healthy pregnant women; women with only obesity, including pregnant women with BMI≥30 kg/m(2); women with gestational DM (GDM) with obesity, including pregnant women with GDM and obesity; women with pregestational DM (PGDM) with obesity, including pregnant women with PGDM and obesity; and women with GHT with obesity, including pregnant women with GHT and obesity. We measured serum levels of selected biomarkers by ELISA. RESULTS: Obesity increased serum levels of all the biomarkers; GDM developed in obese women caused a more pronounced increase in the serum levels of BMP-4 and BMP-2, and GHT developed in obese women caused a more pronounced increase in the serum levels of GDF-15. In the women with GDM-, PGDM-, and GHT-complicated obesity, serum levels of MMP-9 and GP39 did not change meaningfully. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity and its comorbidities DM and GHT lead to meaningful changes in the studied serum biomarkers. Since obesity has a causal effect on developing numerous conditions, reliable clinical biomarkers are needed to improve the early prediction and diagnosis of high-risk conditions during pregnancy.
Perinatal Outcomes of Twin Gestations with and without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Existing data suggest that obstetric outcomes for individuals with twin gestations, who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), may be comparable to those who do not have GDM, yet studies are limited by small sample sizes. The aim of this study was to examine differences in maternal and neonatal outcomes of individuals with twin gestations based on presence of GDM. METHODS: This was a population-based retrospective cohort study of individuals giving birth to twins in the United States between 2012 and 2014. Inclusion criteria were live births (≥24 weeks) and available information on GDM status; individuals with pregestational diabetes were excluded. Participants were categorized as either having had or not had GDM. Multivariable logistic regression was utilized to assess the independent association of GDM with adverse maternal outcomes, whereas generalized estimating equation models were used to estimate associations with neonatal outcomes to account for clustering. RESULTS: Of 173,196 individuals meeting inclusion criteria, 13,194 (7.6%) had GDM. Individuals with GDM were more likely to be older, identify as Hispanic or Asian race and ethnicity, married, college educated, privately insured, and obese than those without GDM. After adjusting for potential confounding variables, those with GDM were more likely to have hypertensive disorders (18.0 vs. 10.2%) and undergo cesarean delivery (51.2 vs. 47.3%). Neonates born to individuals with GDM were more likely to require mechanical ventilation for greater than 6 hours (6.5 vs. 5.6%) and experience neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission (41.1 vs. 36.2%), but were less likely to be low birth weight or have small for gestational age status (16.2 vs. 19.5%). Findings were confirmed in a sensitivity analysis of neonates born at 32 weeks of gestation or greater. CONCLUSION: Odds of poor obstetric and neonatal outcomes are increased for individuals with twin gestations complicated by GDM. KEY POINTS: · Individuals with GDM and twin gestation have higher odds of developing hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and of undergoing cesarean delivery.. · Neonates of such pregnancies are less likely to be low birth weight or small for gestational age.. · Neonates of pregnancies complicated by GDM and twin gestation are more likely to require mechanical ventilation and experience NICU admission..
Quantifying the mediating effect of body mass index on the relation between a Mediterranean diet and development of maternal pregnancy complications: the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.; BACKGROUND: The contribution of body mass index (BMI) to the observed associations between dietary patterns and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to formally quantify the mediating effect of prepregnancy BMI in these associations. DESIGN: Women (aged 25-30 y) participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health were not pregnant at baseline in 2003 and reported ≥1 pregnancy up to 2012. GDM and HDP diagnoses were self-reported for each pregnancy and validated in a subset. A Mediterranean diet score was created by use of a baseline-validated food-frequency questionnaire and dichotomized to reflect low adherence (<25th percentile) and higher adherence (≥25th percentile). A causal inference framework for mediation analysis was used to estimate total, natural direct, and natural indirect effects of the prepregnancy Mediterranean diet on incident GDM and HDP and proportions mediated through prepregnancy BMI. RESULTS: In 3378 women without a history of diabetes, 240 (7.1%) developed GDM. HDP was reported in 273 (8.6%) of 3167 women with no history of hypertension. Low adherence to the Mediterranean diet was associated with higher risk of GDM (OR: 1.35; 95% CI: 1.02, 1.60) and HDP (OR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.18, 1.56), after adjustment for education, parity, polycystic ovary syndrome, energy intake, and physical activity. Proportions mediated through prepregnancy BMI (per 1-kg/m(2) increase) were 32% and 22% for GDM and HDP, respectively. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that prepregnancy BMI as a single mediator contributes substantially to the total effects of the prepregnancy Mediterranean diet on GDM and HDP risk.
[Caudal regression syndrome: about a case].; Caudal regression syndrome is a rare malformative syndrome associated, to varying degrees, with agenesis of sacral and coccygeal vertebrae, lower limb shortening and gastrointestinal, genitourinary and cardiovascular abnormalities. Its relationship with gestational diabetes is well established, but its exact cause is poorly established. We here report a rare case of caudal regression syndrome in a 8-month old infant of diabetic mother with polymalformative syndrome and chronic constipation.
Novel MYH7 Variant in the Neonate of a Mother with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Showing Left Ventricular Hypertrophy and Noncompaction.; BACKGROUND: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is a well-recognized cardiac dysfunction in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Left ventricular noncompaction (LVNC) is a cardiomyopathy that is morphologically characterized by numerous prominent trabeculations and deep intertrabecular recesses on cardiovascular imaging. However, there have been no case reports on neonates of mothers with GDM showing LVH and LVNC. CASE PRESENTATION: A patient, with LVH of a mother with GDM, was delivered at 36 weeks of gestation. Prominent trabeculations in the LV, suggesting LVNC, instead of LVH, were apparent 1 week after birth. A heterozygous deletion variant in the MYH7 gene (NM_000257.4: c.1090T>C, p.Phe364Leu) was discovered through genetic testing using a cardiomyopathy-associated gene panel in the patient and his father and the older brother who had LVNC. The patient is now 5 years old and does not have major cardiac events, although LVNC persisted. This is the first case of LVH secondary to a mother with GDM and LVNC with a novel variant in the MYH7 gene. CONCLUSION: Genetic testing should be conducted to obtain an accurate outcome and medical care in a patient with LVH and subsequently prominent hypertrabeculation in the LV.
The association of interleukin-6, interleukin-27, and body roundness index with gestational diabetes mellitus.; We aimed to investigate the relationship between GDM and IL-27, IL-6, and body roundness index (BRI), a new anthropometric measurement more sensitive than BMI in identifying obesity and predicting cardiometabolic outcomes. We enrolled 80 patients, 40 pregnant women with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women at midgestation. The women's anthropometric measurements were recorded and serum markers and IL-6, IL-27 were analysed. At the time of delivery maternal, neonatal results were recorded. Women with GDM had significantly higher pregestational, midgestational and prepartum BMI and midgestational BRI; HOMA-IR; HbA1c; and IL-6 values and lower HDL values (p < .05). There was no statistically significant difference in IL-27 values between the groups (p = .939). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, HbA1c, IL-6 (>4.886 pg/mL), and BRI (>6.708) were found as independent risk factors associated with GDM (p < .05). Mean BRI was significantly associated with obesity (p < .001) and BRI higher than 6.708 was found to have 67.5% sensitivity and 80% specificity in the prediction of GDM. Women with GDM had elevated IL-6 levels, but no relationship was detected between IL-27 and GDM. BRI is a new anthropometric index that strongly correlated with BMI and seems to be a reliable alternative to BMI for the evaluation of obesity in GDM patients.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat's already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common systemic disease in pregnancy. The risk of GDM was 3 times higher in obese pregnant women compared to normal weighted patients. IL-6 is an adipose-derived cytokine that was found to be associated with GDM. The body roundness index (BRI) is a new sensitive anthropometric index for detecting obesity and its secondary cardiometabolic results.What do the results of this study add? Our results showed that BRI was strongly correlated with obesity in GDM patients. HbA1c, IL-6 and BRI were found as independent risk factors associated with GDM. IL 27, a cytokine associated with inflammatory diseases, was not associated with GDM.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? BRI could be a reliable alternative to BMI for the evaluation of obesity in pregnant women and predicting cardiometabolic outcomes.
Real-world experience of metformin use in pregnancy: Observational data from the Northern Territory Diabetes in Pregnancy Clinical Register.; BACKGROUND: In Australia's Northern Territory, Indigenous mothers account for 33% of births and have high rates of hyperglycemia in pregnancy. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) in pregnancy is up to 10-fold higher in Indigenous than non-Indigenous Australian mothers, and the use of metformin is common. We assessed birth outcomes in relation to metformin use during pregnancy from a clinical register. METHODS: The study included women with gestational diabetes (GDM), newly diagnosed diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), or pre-existing T2D from 2012 to 2016. Data were analyzed for metformin use in the third trimester. Regression models were adjusted for maternal age, body mass index, parity, and insulin use. RESULTS: Of 1649 pregnancies, 814 (49.4%) were to Indigenous women, of whom 234 (28.7%) had T2D (vs 4.6% non-Indigenous women; P < 0.001). Metformin use was high in Indigenous women (84%-90% T2D, 42%-48% GDM/DIP) and increased over time in non-Indigenous women (43%-100% T2D, 14%-35% GDM/DIP). Among Indigenous women with GDM/DIP, there were no significant differences between groups with and without metformin in cesarean section (51% vs 39%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.25, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.87-1.81), large for gestational age (24% vs 13%; aOR 1.5, 95% CI 0.9-2.5), or serious neonatal adverse events (9.4% vs 5.9%; aOR 1.32, 95% CI 0.68-2.57). Metformin use was independently associated with earlier gestational age (37.7 vs 38.5 weeks), but the risk did not remain independently higher after exclusion of women managed with medical nutrition therapy alone, and the increase in births <37 weeks was not significant on multivariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS: We found no clear evidence of any adverse outcomes related to the use of metformin for the treatment of hyperglycemia in pregnancy.
The Role of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Conventional Cardiovascular Risk Prediction.; OBJECTIVE: Approximately one-third of women in the U.S. experience an adverse pregnancy outcome (APO), which are recognized as sex-specific cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. We examine if APOs confer additional CVD risk beyond that of traditional CVD risk factors. METHODS: Women, age 40-79, with a pregnancy history and no pre-existing CVD were identified in the electronic health record of one health system (n = 2306). APOs included any APO, hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP), and gestational diabetes (GDM). Hazard ratios of time to CVD event were estimated from survival models using Cox proportional hazard regression. Discrimination, calibration, and net reclassification of re-estimated CVD risk prediction models including APOs were examined. RESULTS: There was no significant association between any APO, HDP, or GDM and time to CVD outcome in survival models (95% confidence intervals all include 1). Including any APO, HDP, GDM in the CVD risk prediction model did not significantly improve discrimination and there were no clinically relevant changes in net reclassification of cases and non-cases. The strongest predictor of time to CVD event in the survival models was Black race, with hazard ratios ranging from 1.59 to 1.62, statistically significant for all three models. CONCLUSION: Women with APOs did not have an additional risk of CVD, controlling for traditional risk factors in the PCE and this sex-specific factor did not improve risk prediction. Black race was consistently a strong predictor of CVD even with data limitations. Further study of APOs can help determine how to best use this information for CVD prevention in women.
Long-term consequences of obesity on female fertility and the health of the offspring.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Obesity has reached near epidemic levels among reproductive age women with a myriad of consequences. Obesity adversely affects the maternal milieu by creating conditions that decrease fertility and increase the risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, fetal growth abnormalities and congenital anomalies. The effects of obesity are not limited to pregnancy. Indeed, beyond the immediate postpartum period, obese women maintain a higher prevalence of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. In this article, we will review the pathophysiology underlying the effects of obesity on fertility, pregnancy outcome and health status of offspring. The purpose of this review is to outline proposed models responsible for the short-term and long-term consequences of obesity on fertility and offspring development, and identify knowledge gaps where additional research is needed. RECENT FINDINGS: Maternal over or under nutrition adversely affect maternal reproductive capacity and pregnancy success. Separate from effects on maternal reproductive function, maternal over or under nutrition may also 'program' fetal pathophysiology through inheritance mechanisms that suggest epigenetic modification of DNA, differential RNA translation and protein expression, or modification of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary axis function through programmed adverse effects on the developing hypothalamic circuitry. The concept of maternal health modifying the risk of developing noncommunicable diseases in the offspring is based on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis. SUMMARY: Of importance, the long-term effects of obesity are not limited to maternal health, but also programs pathophysiology in their offspring. Children of obese gravida are at increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic disease in childhood and throughout adulthood. Future studies directly interrogating mechanisms underlying the risks associated with obesity will allow us to develop interventions and therapies to decrease short-term and long-term morbidities associated with maternal obesity.
UHPLC-MS/MS-Based Metabolomics and Clinical Phenotypes Analysis Reveal Broad-Scale Perturbations in Early Pregnancy Related to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disturbance during pregnancy, with adverse effects on both mother and fetus. The establishment of early diagnosis and risk assessment model is of great significance for preventing and reducing adverse outcomes of GDM. In this study, the broad-scale perturbations related to GDM were explored through the integration analysis of metabolic and clinical phenotypes. Maternal serum samples from the first trimester were collected for targeted metabolomics analysis by using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). Statistical analysis was conducted based on the levels of the 184 metabolites and 76 clinical indicators from GDM women (n =60) and matched healthy controls (n =90). Metabolomics analysis revealed the down-regulation of fatty acid oxidation in the first trimester of GDM women, which was supposed to be related to the low serum level of dehydroepiandrosterone.While the significantly altered clinical phenotypes were mainly related to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease, abnormal iron metabolism, and inflammation. A phenotype panel established from the significantly changed serum indicators can be used for the early prediction of GDM, with the area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC) 0.83. High serum uric acid and C-reaction protein levels were risk factors for GDM independent of body mass indexes, with ORs 4.76 (95% CI: 2.08-10.90) and 3.10 (95% CI: 1.38-6.96), respectively. Predictive phenotype panel of GDM, together with the risk factors of GDM, will provide novel perspectives for the early clinical warning and diagnosis of GDM.
Decidual arteriolopathy with or without associated hypertension modifies the underlying histomorphology in placentas from diabetic mothers.; AIM: The aim of this study was to retrospectively document the impact of hypertensive conditions in pregnancy and decidual arteriolopathy on the patterns of placental injury in maternal diabetes mellitus (MDM). METHODS: Among all 5248 > 20 weeks' placentas, the frequencies of 19 selected clinical and 24 placental phenotypes were compared between 287 MDM placentas and 4961 remaining placentas (control group [CG]) before and after further exclusion of 85 and 611 patients with hypertensive conditions (gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, chronic hypertension). RESULTS: Cesarean section rate, heavy placentas, decidual arteriolopathy, microscopic chorionic pseudocysts, and chorangiosis were more common in MDM than in the CG both before and after exclusion of hypertensive conditions. The frequencies of preuterine patterns of chronic hypoxic placental injury and plasma cell deciduitis became statistically significant only after exclusion of hypertensive conditions. CONCLUSION: Hypertensive conditions of pregnancy may obscure the underlying preuterine placental hypoxic pattern in MDM placentas. Even in normotensive patients, decidual arteriolopathy, and shallow placental implantation significantly impact placental histomorphology in MDM.
A holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and common mental disorders in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes: a randomised control trial with 3-year follow-up protocol.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are 12-fold more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) 4-6 years after delivery than women without GDM. Similarly, GDM is associated with the development of common mental disorders (CMDs) (e.g. anxiety and depression). Evidence shows that holistic lifestyle interventions focusing on physical activity (PA), dietary intake, sleep, and mental well-being strategies can prevent T2D and CMDs. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of a holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention (mHealth) with post-GDM women in preventing T2D and CMDs in a community setting in Singapore. METHODS: The study consists of a 1-year randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a 3-year follow-up period. Post-GDM women with no current diabetes diagnosis and not planning to become pregnant will be eligible for the study. In addition, participants will complete mental well-being questionnaires (e.g. depression, anxiety, sleep) and their child's socio-emotional and cognitive development. The participants will be randomised to either Group 1 (Intervention) or Group 2 (comparison). The intervention group will receive the "LVL UP App", a smartphone-based, conversational agent-delivered holistic lifestyle intervention focused on three pillars: Move More (PA), Eat Well (Diet), and Stress Less (mental wellbeing). The intervention consists of health literacy and psychoeducational coaching sessions, daily "Life Hacks" (healthy activity suggestions), slow-paced breathing exercises, a step tracker (including brisk steps), a low-burden food diary, and a journaling tool. Women from both groups will be provided with an Oura ring for tracking physical activity, sleep, and heart rate variability (a proxy for stress), and the "HAPPY App", a mHealth app which provides health promotion information about PA, diet, sleep, and mental wellbeing, as well as display body mass index, blood pressure, and results from the oral glucose tolerance tests. Short-term aggregate effects will be assessed at 26/27 weeks (midpoint) and a 1-year visit, followed by a 2, 3, and 4-year follow-up period. DISCUSSION: High rates of progression of T2D and CMDs in women with post-GDM suggest an urgent need to promote a healthy lifestyle, including diet, PA, sleep, and mental well-being. Preventive interventions through a holistic, healthy lifestyle may be the solution, considering the inextricable relationship between physical and psychological health. We expect that holistic lifestyle mHealth may effectively support behavioural changes among women with a history of GDM to prevent T2D and CMDs. TRIAL STATUS: The protocol study was approved by the National Healthcare Group in Singapore, Domain Specific Review Board (DSRB) [2023/00178]; June 2023. Recruitment began on October 18, 2023. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05949957. The first submission date is June 08, 2023.
Fetal surveillance in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine whether maternal vascular disease and/or glycemic control can be related to tests of fetal condition in diabetic pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 114 women with insulin-dependent diabetes who used a memory-based glucose reflectance meter were prospectively evaluated. Nonstress testing was begun weekly at 28 to 30 weeks and twice weekly at 32 weeks. A nonreactive nonstress test was followed by a biophysical profile in all cases. RESULTS: A total of 1676 nonstress tests was performed (14.7 +/- 3.2 tests per patient). Eight percent (n = 134) were nonreactive, necessitating a biophysical profile. A comparison of ambulatory glucose profile data, including mean blood glucose level, variation, and excursions from the median, revealed no significant differences in patients with reactive versus nonreactive nonstress tests. Ten patients, including eight with vascular disease, were delivered because of abnormal test results of fetal condition. Nephropathy or hypertension was associated with intervention for fetal well-being in 8 of 20 women (40%) with these risk factors. Only 2 of 94 patients (2%) without nephropathy or hypertension required delivery because of abnormal results of fetal testing (p less than 0.001). One fetal death occurred. No significant differences in the various glycemic parameters were found in women delivered for suspected fetal jeopardy versus the nonintervention group. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies complicated by vascular disease are at greatest risk for abnormal results of fetal testing that necessitate early delivery. Women without vascular complications and with maintenance of good glycemic control rarely have fetal compromise.
Changes in diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy. Correlations with regulation of hyperglycemia.; Thirty-eight pregnancies in 35 women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were monitored for changes in diabetic retinopathy during the institution of "tight" metabolic control by intensive medical management. Eye findings were scored on paired sets of retinal photographs obtained when enrolled in this study and shortly after delivery. These findings were then correlated with measurements of diabetic regulation. Intensive therapy for the diabetes mellitus resulted in improved glucose control by the time of delivery. However, retinal abnormalities worsened as gestation proceeded in 55% of the pregnancies. Deterioration of background retinopathy correlated significantly with the levels of plasma glucose at entry and with the magnitude of improvement in glycemia achieved during the first six to 14 weeks after entry (ie, "early changes") and by the final week before delivery (ie, "overall changes"). Our findings indicate that the changing retinopathy during pregnancy cannot be interpreted without assessment of concurrent changes in the regulation of maternal diabetes and that the abrupt institution of improved diabetic control during pregnancy may be one factor in the deterioration of background retinopathy sometimes seen during pregnancy.
Early pregnancy stage 1 hypertension and high mean arterial pressure increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in Shanghai, China.; We aimed to evaluate the influence of early pregnancy stage 1 hypertension and mean arterial pressure (MAP) on the risk of pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Pregnant women without early pregnancy hypertension were consecutively recruited in 2010 in Shanghai, China. Total 6104 women with blood pressure (BP) <140/90 mmHg were categorized according to early pregnancy BP and MAP levels, respectively. Multivariate adjusted logistic regression and cox regression was used to test the potential associations. Finally 313 (5.1%) pregnant women identified as stage 1 hypertension. Compared with normotensive women, women with early pregnancy stage 1 hypertension increased the risk of gestational hypertension (GH) [Adjust odds ratio (AOR) 2.295, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.578-3.338], GDM [AOR 1.185, 95% CI 1.010-1.391], preeclampsia [AOR 2.295 95% CI 1.578-3.338], preterm delivery [AOR 1.326, 95% CI 1.026-1.713]and infants with low-birth weight [AOR 1.487, 95% CI 1.082-2.045]; Compared women with MAP < 76 mmHg, the risk of GDM increased, with an adjust hazard ratio (AHR) of 1.387 (95%CI 1.048-1.835) for 76 ≤ MAP < 88 mmHg and an AHR of 1.451 (95%CI 1.053-1.998) for MAP ≥ 88 mmHg. Especially, high MAP levels (≥ 88 mmHg) are associated with GH [AOR 2.775, 95%CI 1.805-4.266], preeclampsia [AOR 3.936, 95%CI 2.358-6.570] and preterm delivery [AOR 1.412, 95%CI 1.035-1.926]. In summary early pregnancy stage 1 hypertension is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Relative higher BP levels in early pregnancy, especially elevated MAP levels should be aware by clinicians to decrease the risk of pregnancy complications.
Assessment of endothelial function in pregnant women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus by flow-mediated dilation of brachial artery.; PURPOSE: To compare endothelial function, as assessed by flow-mediated dilation (FMD) in pregnant women with preeclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study of eighty women who were selected and divided into three groups: Group A comprising 42 pregnant women with PE, Group B (control) consisting of 19 normotensive pregnant women with no comorbidities and Group C consisting of 19 pregnant women with GDM. The women underwent FMD and the results were compared between groups. The data were obtained from the Center for Fetal Medicine, Hospital das Clínicas, Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil (CEMEFE-HC-UFMG) after approval by the Ethics and Research Committee on June 4, 2008 under no CAAE-0280.0.203.000-08. RESULTS: Nonparametric variance analysis showed no statistically significant difference between the characteristics of the three groups. The comparison between the results of the mean values of brachial artery FMD groups of pregnant women with preeclampsia (FMD = 5.36 ± 4.61 %), gestational diabetes (FMD = 9,18 ± 5.98 %) and pregnant women in the control group (FMD = 17.55 ± 8.35 %) showed that a statistically significant difference was found between groups using the Dunn test. The comparison between groups PE × GDM was not statistically significant. The group consisting of pregnant women with GDM associated with those with PE had significantly lower results for FMD (6.55 ± 5.33 %) than the control group (17.55 ± 8.35 %, p = 0.00). CONCLUSIONS: The group consisting of pregnant women with GDM or PE showed results for FMD significantly lower than the control group, suggesting possible endothelial injury in these patients.
Household food insecurity associations with pregnancy hypertension, diabetes mellitus and infant birth anthropometric measures: a cross-sectional study of Iranian mothers.; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the associations between food insecurity on pregnancy and its outcomes.Materials and methods: This cross-sectional study was carried out on 700 Iranian mothers. Household socioeconomic status, prenatal information and household food security status were assessed using questionnaires. Data analysis was applied by SPSS version 22.Results: The results of the study showed a significant association between food insecurity with gestational diabetes mellitus. The results also showed a significant association between birth weight, and height with pregnancy-induced hypertension.Conclusion: food insecure women should be recognized, and receive appropriate training and assistance.
Blood pressure monitoring in diabetic pregnancy.; Hypertensive disorders which complicate 5-10% of all pregnancies are more frequent in diabetic women. We longitudinally monitored blood pressure (BP) for a 24 h period in 54 diabetic out patients, at each trimester of pregnancy, in order to observe the relationship between the blood pressure behaviour and the main clinical features of these subjects. A relationship was found between blood pressure and the diabetes type. In insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) women, the age of diagnosis and the diabetes duration played the major role whereas, in non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) women only the patients' age was correlated with the BP levels. Higher BP levels were found in women belonging to the White class D, and whose diabetes duration was more than 10 years. An interesting correlation was also demonstrated between BP and insulin requirement, in late pregnancy as well as the time of delivery. Early in pregnancy, BP levels, even if within normal range, were undoubtedly higher in those women who developed hypertension compared to those who continued to be normotensive. Daytime BP values were always found higher than night-time BP values but, the physiological biorhythm seemed to be altered at the end of pregnancy.
Household food insecurity is associated with self-reported pregravid weight status, gestational weight gain, and pregnancy complications.; BACKGROUND: Household food insecurity is positively associated with weight among women. The association between household food insecurity and pregnancy-related weight gain and complications is not well understood. OBJECTIVE: To identify whether an independent association exists between household food insecurity and pregnancy-related complications. DESIGN: Data from the Pregnancy, Infection, and Nutrition prospective cohort study were used to assess household food insecurity retrospectively using the US Department of Agriculture 18-item Core Food Security Module among 810 pregnant women with incomes < or =400% of the income/poverty ratio, recruited between January 2001 and June 2005 and followed through pregnancy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Self-reported pregravid body mass index, gestational weight gain, second trimester anemia, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Multivariate linear, multinomial logistic, and logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: Among 810 pregnant women, 76% were from fully food secure, 14% were from marginally food secure, and 10% were from food insecure households. In adjusted models, living in a food insecure household was significantly associated with severe pregravid obesity (adjusted odds ratio 2.97, 95% confidence intervals [CIs] 1.44 to 6.14), higher gestational weight gain (adjusted beta coefficient 1.87, 95% CI 0.13 to 3.62), and with a higher adequacy of weight gain ratio (adjusted beta .27, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.50). Marginal food security was significantly associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (adjusted odds ratio 2.76, 95% CI 1.00 to 7.66). CONCLUSIONS: This study highlights the possibility that living in a food insecure household during pregnancy may increase risk of greater weight gain and pregnancy complications.
Prenatal exercise for the prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension (GH) and pre-eclampsia (PE) are associated with short and long-term health issues for mother and child; prevention of these complications is critically important. This study aimed to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of the relationships between prenatal exercise and GDM, GH and PE. DESIGN: Systematic review with random effects meta-analysis and meta-regression. DATA SOURCES: Online databases were searched up to 6 January 2017. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Studies of all designs were included (except case studies) if published in English, Spanish or French, and contained information on the Population (pregnant women without contraindication to exercise), Intervention (subjective or objective measures of frequency, intensity, duration, volume or type of exercise, alone ["exercise-only"] or in combination with other intervention components [e.g., dietary; "exercise + co-intervention"]), Comparator (no exercise or different frequency, intensity, duration, volume and type of exercise) and Outcomes (GDM, GH, PE). RESULTS: A total of 106 studies (n=273 182) were included. 'Moderate' to 'high'-quality evidence from randomised controlled trials revealed that exercise-only interventions, but not exercise+cointerventions, reduced odds of GDM (n=6934; OR 0.62, 95% CI 0.52 to 0.75), GH (n=5316; OR 0.61, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.85) and PE (n=3322; OR 0.59, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.9) compared with no exercise. To achieve at least a 25% reduction in the odds of developing GDM, PE and GH, pregnant women need to accumulate at least 600 MET-min/week of moderate-intensity exercise (eg, 140 min of brisk walking, water aerobics, stationary cycling or resistance training). SUMMARY/CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, exercise-only interventions were effective at lowering the odds of developing GDM, GH and PE.
Associations of pregnancy complications with ambient air pollution in China.; BACKGROUND: Gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are common pregnancy complications and can result in maternal and prenatal morbidity and mortality. Air pollution exposure could adversely impact pregnancy complications; however, evidence remains limited in China, where ambient air pollution is relatively severe. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to examine the associations of GH, PE, and GDM with exposure to six air pollutants (PM(2.5,) PM(10), SO(2), NO(2), O(3), and CO) during pregnancy. METHODS: Leveraging a multicenter birth cohort study among pregnant women in 24 hospitals from 15 provinces in China, we obtained data for maternal characteristics and pregnancy outcomes. We generated ambient concentrations of the six air pollutants using a combination of chemical transport model simulations with monitoring data. We used multivariable logistic regression models to estimate the effects on pregnancy complications from exposure to six air pollutants in each trimester and the entire pregnancy. RESULTS: Among the total 3754 pregnant women in this study, the prevalences of GH, GDM, and PE were 2.6 %, 11.2 %, and 0.7 %, respectively. GH risk increased 11.9 % (95 % CI, -8.5 %, 36.8 %) and 13.8 % (1.4 %, 27.8 %) per 10 μg/m(3) increases in PM(2.5) and PM(10) in the entire pregnancy, respectively. PM(2.5) and PM(10) exposures in the first trimester were significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM. Exposure to O(3), SO(2), NO(2), and CO in early pregnancy could be associated with GDM risk. Geographic region and season of conception may influence the associations of GH and PE with air pollution. CONCLUSIONS: Ambient particulate matter pollution adversely affects GH, GDM, and PE among Chinese pregnant women. Since most regions of China still suffer from hazardous levels of air pollution, our findings indicate importance of better protecting pregnant women from the risk of air pollution.
Higher Maternal Dietary Protein Intake Is Associated with a Higher Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Multiethnic Asian Cohort.; Background: Dietary protein may affect glucose metabolism through several mechanisms, but results from studies on dietary protein intake and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have been inconsistent.Objective: We examined the cross-sectional associations of dietary protein intake from different food sources during pregnancy with the risk of GDM in a multiethnic Asian population.Methods: We included 980 participants with singleton pregnancies from the Growing Up in Singapore Toward healthy Outcomes (GUSTO) cohort. Protein intake was ascertained from 24-h dietary recall and 3-d food diaries at 26-28 wk gestation. GDM was defined as fasting glucose ≥7.0 mmol/L and/or 2-h postload glucose ≥7.8 mmol/L at 26-28 wk gestation. We evaluated the association of dietary protein intake with GDM risk by substituting carbohydrate with protein in an isocaloric model with the use of multivariable logistic regression analysis.Results: The prevalence of GDM was 17.9% among our participants. After adjustment for potential confounders, a higher total dietary protein intake was associated with a higher risk of GDM; the OR comparing the highest with the lowest quartile of intake was 2.15 (95% CI: 1.27, 3.62; P-trend = 0.016). Higher intake levels of both animal protein (OR: 2.87; 95% CI: 1.58, 5.20; P-trend = 0.001) and vegetable protein (OR: 1.78; 95% CI: 0.99, 3.20; P-trend = 0.009) were associated with a higher risk of GDM. Among the animal protein sources, higher intake levels of seafood protein (OR: 2.17; 95% CI: 1.26, 3.72; P-trend = 0.023) and dairy protein (OR: 1.87; 95% CI: 1.11, 3.15; P-trend = 0.017) were significantly associated with a higher GDM risk.Conclusion: Higher intake levels of both animal and vegetable protein were associated with a higher risk of GDM in Asian women. This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01174875.
Therapeutic effect of ursolic acid on fetal development in pregnant rats with gestational diabetes mellitus via AGEs-RAGE signaling pathway.; To investigate the effect of ursolic acid on the fetal development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) caused by streptozotocin (STZ) and explore the potential mechanism for it. For the current experimental research, SD rats (pregnant animal) were used. STZ has been used to cause the diabetes mellitus in pregnant rats. Rats with evolved GDM were randomly divided and ursolic acid was given to pregnant rats in the experimental period up to 19 days in a dose-dependent manner. Blood samples and fetal rats of all group rats were collected at 19 days (pregnant rats), fetal rats and placental rats were weighted and the blood glucose, plasma insulin, C-peptide, and lipid parameters of pregnant women were estimated prior to delivery. Advanced serum glycation end-products (AGEs) were estimated at regular intervals in the heart and brain of pregnant rats. Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1 (MCP-1), NADPH oxidase 2 (Nox2), Role of advanced glycation end product (RAGE), Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), p65, and vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) mRNA expression were estimated in the placenta. STZ-induced GDM pregnant rats showed significantly decreased placental weight and weight of fetal rats and dose-dependent ursolic acid treatment (p < .001) improved placental weight and weight of fetal rats at dose-dependent levels. After the ursolic acid treatment, serum blood glucose and lipid level were improved especially fasting blood glucose (FBG), high density lipoprotein (HDL), hepatic glycogen, fasting insulin (FINS), and serum insulin level and reached near to the normal control group rats. The antioxidant level of pancreas and liver were significantly (p < .001) reduced by the dose-dependent treatment of ursolic acid. Treatment with Ursolic acid moderately but not significantly decreases the risk of fetal development defects relative to the GDM group. The potential effect on fetal development in Pregnant Rats with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus via AGEs-RAGE signaling pathway was shown by Ursolic acid. PRACTICAL APPLICATIONS: As we know that the gestational diabetes mellitus increases worldwide day by day. In the current experimental study, we try to examine the gestational diabetic effect of ursolic acid. The finding of the current study showed the gestational diabetic protective effect in the female rats via AGEs-RAGE signaling pathway. The result showed the antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and biochemical parameters. On the basis of the result, we can say that the ursolic acid can be the protective drug for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus.
In-Hospital Breastfeeding Experiences Among Women with Gestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: In-hospital experiences among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could impact breastfeeding success. We sought (1) to determine changes in the prevalence of hospital breastfeeding experiences between 2004-2008 and 2009-2011 among women with GDM and women without diabetes; (2) to determine whether GDM is associated with higher occurrence of experiencing Baby-Friendly hospital practices because of their known higher rates of breastfeeding difficulties. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data from the 2004 to 2011 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System, a survey of women with a recent live birth from 16 states and New York City, were used based on inclusion of an optional survey question about hospital breastfeeding experiences. We examined the association of in-hospital experiences with GDM within each survey phase using chi-square tests. Weighted multivariable logistic regression was used to determine the association between GDM and hospital breastfeeding experiences. RESULTS: Among 157,187 (8.8% GDM), there were crude differences by GDM status for at least 60% of hospital experiences despite increases in positive hospital experiences between time periods. Women with GDM were less likely to report breastfeeding in the first hour (adjusted odds ratio: 0.83, confidence interval [95% CI] 0.73-0.94), feeding only breast milk in the hospital (0.73, 0.65-0.82), and feeding on demand (0.86, 0.74-0.99) compared with women without diabetes. Women with GDM were significantly more likely to report receiving a pump (1.28, 1.07-1.53) and a formula gift pack (1.17, 1.03-1.34) compared with women without diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Although women with GDM experienced improvements in-hospital breastfeeding experiences over time, disparities in breastfeeding practices remained for five in-patient (hospital) practices that included four negative practices (breastfeeding in the first hour, feeding only breast milk in the hospital, told to feed per mother's preference, receiving a formula gift pack) and one positive practice (receiving a pump).
The role of ncRNA regulatory mechanisms in diseases-case on gestational diabetes.; Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) are a class of RNA molecules that do not have the potential to encode proteins. Meanwhile, they can occupy a significant portion of the human genome and participate in gene expression regulation through various mechanisms. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pathologic condition of carbohydrate intolerance that begins or is first detected during pregnancy, making it one of the most common pregnancy complications. Although the exact pathogenesis of GDM remains unclear, several recent studies have shown that ncRNAs play a crucial regulatory role in GDM. Herein, we present a comprehensive review on the multiple mechanisms of ncRNAs in GDM along with their potential role as biomarkers. In addition, we investigate the contribution of deep learning-based models in discovering disease-specific ncRNA biomarkers and elucidate the underlying mechanisms of ncRNA. This might assist community-wide efforts to obtain insights into the regulatory mechanisms of ncRNAs in disease and guide a novel approach for early diagnosis and treatment of disease.
Adipose tissue function in healthy pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and pre-eclampsia.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common disorder of pregnancy with short- and long-term consequences for mother and baby. Pre-eclampsia is of major concern to obstetricians due to its sudden onset and increased morbidity and mortality for mother and baby. The incidence of these conditions continues to increase due to widespread maternal obesity. Maternal obesity is a risk factor for GDM and pre-eclampsia, yet our understanding of the role of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in their aetiology is very limited. In this article, available data on adipose tissue and adipocyte function in healthy and obese pregnancy and how these are altered in GDM and pre-eclampsia are reviewed. Using our understanding of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in non-pregnant populations, a role for underlying adipocyte dysfunction in the pathological pathways of these conditions is discussed.
Timing of delivery and blood pressure cut-off in chronic hypertension during pregnancy: State of art and new proposals.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant women with chronic hypertension are recommended to deliver at 36-39(6/7)  weeks. The American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association in 2017 lowered the blood pressure cut-off for stage I hypertension to 130/80 mm Hg. METHODS: We performed a literature review on studies comparing elective induction of labor versus expectant management in pregnant women with chronic hypertension. In addition, we reviewed fetal and maternal outcomes in pregnant women with blood pressure of 120-139/80-89 or 130-139/80-89 mm Hg. RESULTS: We found two randomized clinical trials and one retrospective observational study comparing elective delivery of pregnant women with chronic hypertension versus expectant management. The randomized trials favored expectant management and the observational study favored induction of labor. We found 15 retrospective cohort studies analyzing maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with blood pressure cut-off lower than 140/90 mm Hg. There was a consistent finding of increased risk of any hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and small-for-gestational-age neonate. CONCLUSION: Randomized clinical trials are needed to assess the appropriate timing of delivery for women with stage I hypertension with a blood pressure cut-off of 130/80 mm Hg.
[Doppler studies of gestational diabetes in the third trimester].; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is related to increased maternal and neonatal morbidity. Maternal hyperglycemia causes fetal hyperglycemia and consequently fetal hyperinsulinism. The impaired glucose metabolism will lead to prenatal and postnatal complications. The main issue of this study is the influence of GDM in evaluating Doppler flow measurements in the umbilical artery (UA). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Pregnancies from gestational age > 34 + 0 were included in this case control study. The study period was 18 months. The last Doppler measurement in pregnancies with GDM (diet-controlled and insulin-dependent) was compared to the healthy control group. Our collected data included the last prenatal Doppler flow recordings (resistance index (RI) in the umbilical artery (UA)). RESULTS: In women with diet-controlled GDM, a significant decrease in the RI (p = 0.002) in the UA has been observed. Insulin-treated diabetic and healthy control pregnancies showed no difference in the RI. CONCLUSION: Doppler flow examinations with RI measurements in patients with GDM differ significantly with respect to healthy controls. In insulin-treated women the RI indices are not different from the control group, while in the diet-controlled group a significant decrease was noted and additionally might show a possible maternal metabolic dysfunction.
Functional cardiac orexin receptors: role of orexin-B/orexin 2 receptor in myocardial protection.; Orexins/hypocretins exert cardiovascular effects which are centrally mediated. In the present study, we tested whether orexins and their receptors may also act in an autocrine/paracrine manner in the heart exerting direct effects. Quantitative reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR), immunohistochemical and Western blot analyses revealed that the rat heart expresses orexins and orexin receptors (OXR). In isolated rat cardiomyocytes, only orexin-B (OR-B) caused an increase in contractile shortening, independent of diastolic or systolic calcium levels. A specific orexin receptor-2 (OX2R) agonist ([Ala(11), d-Leu(15)]-Orexin B) exerted similar effects as OR-B, whereas a specific orexin receptor-1 (OX1R) antagonist (SB-408124) did not alter the responsiveness of OR-B. Treatment of the same model with OR-B resulted in a dose-dependent increase in myosin light chain and troponin-I (TnI) phosphorylation. Following ischaemia/reperfusion in the isolated Langendorff perfused rat heart model, OR-B, but not OR-A, exerts a cardioprotective effect; mirrored in an in vivo model as well. Unlike OR-A, OR-B was also able to induce extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) 1/2 (ERK1/2) and Akt phosphorylation in rat myocardial tissue and ERK1/2 phosphorylation in human heart samples. These findings were further corroborated in an in vivo rat model. In human subjects with heart failure, there is a significant negative correlation between the expression of OX2R and the severity of the disease clinical symptoms, as assessed by the New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional classification. Collectively, we provide evidence of a distinct orexin system in the heart that exerts a cardioprotective role via an OR-B/OX2R pathway.
Alterations of transcriptome expression, cell cycle, and mitochondrial superoxide reveal foetal endothelial dysfunction in Saudi women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects one in four Saudi women and is associated with high risks of cardiovascular diseases in both the mother and foetus. It is believed that endothelial cells (ECs) dysfunction initiates these diabetic complications. In this study, differences in the transcriptome profiles, cell cycle distribution, and mitochondrial superoxide (MTS) between human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from GDM patients and those from healthy (control) subjects were analysed. Transcriptome profiles were generated using high-density expression microarray. The selected four altered genes were validated using qRT-PCR. MTS and cell cycle were analysed by flow cytometry. A total of 84 altered genes were identified, comprising 52 upregulated and 32 downregulated genes in GDM.HUVECs. Our selection of the four interested altered genes (TGFB2, KITLG, NEK7, and IGFBP5) was based on the functional network analysis, which revealed that these altered genes are belonging to the highest enrichment score associated with cellular function and proliferation; all of which may contribute to ECs dysfunction. The cell cycle revealed an increased percentage of cells in the G2/M phase in GDM.HUVECs, indicating cell cycle arrest. In addition, we found that GDM.HUVECs had increased MTS generation. In conclusion, GDM induces persistent impairment of the biological functions of foetal ECs, as evidenced by analyses of transcriptome profiles, cell cycle, and MTS even after ECs culture in vitro for several passages under normal glucose conditions.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension decreases K(v)1.3 potassium channel expression and function in human umbilical vein smooth muscle.; Voltage-gated potassium (K(v)) channels are the largest superfamily of potassium (K) channels. A variety of K(v) channels are expressed in the vascular smooth muscle cells (SMC). Studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) cause various changes in the human umbilical vein (HUV). Recently, we have shown that 4-AP, a nonspecific K(v)1-4 channel inhibitor, significantly decreases vasorelaxation induced by K channel opener pinacidil in vascular SMCs of the HUVs from normal pregnancies, but not in GDM and PIH. The goal of this study was to provide more detailed insight in the K(v) channel subtypes involved in pinacidil-induced vasodilation of HUVs, as well as to investigate potential alterations of their function and expression during GDM and PIH. Margatoxin, a specific blocker of K(v)1.2 and K(v)1.3 channels, significantly antagonized pinacidil-induced vasorelaxation in normal pregnancy, while in HUVs from GDM and PIH that was not the case, indicating damage of K(v)1.2 and K(v)1.3 channel function. Immunohistochemistry and Western blot revealed similar expression of K(v)1.2 channels in all groups. The expression of K(v)1.3 subunit was significantly decreased in PIH, while it remained unchanged in GDM compared to normal pregnancy. Phrixotoxin, specific blocker of K(v)4.2 and K(v)4.3 channels, did not antagonize response to pinacidil in any of the groups. The major novel findings show that margatoxin antagonized pinacidil-induced relaxation in normal pregnancy, but not in GDM and PIH. Decreased expression of K(v)1.3 channels in HUV during PIH may be important pathophysiological mechanism contributing to an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Sex-specific programming of hypertension in offspring of late-gestation diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: The intrauterine environment strongly influences adult disease susceptibility. We used a rat model of third-trimester maternal diabetes to test the hypothesis that adult offspring exposed to hyperglycemia in utero display increased blood pressure and alterations in vascular responsiveness. METHODS: Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin injection to pregnant rats on gestation day 13 (term 21 d) and partially controlled with insulin injections. Hemodynamic function was evaluated in 6-12-mo-old offspring. RESULTS: Male but not female offspring of diabetic mothers (ODM) had significantly increased blood pressure as compared with controls; heart rate (HR) was similar. For both sexes, HR baroreflex responses were similar as were in vivo hemodynamic responses to angiotensin II, nitric oxide synthase inhibition, and ganglionic blockade. Aortic contractility to angiotensin II was similar in the two groups. Nitric oxide synthase inhibition and the Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase inhibitor diethyldithiocarbamate, but not the superoxide dismutase-mimetic Tempol, significantly increased contractile responses to angiotensin II in controls but not ODM. Reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate-stimulated superoxide production was greater in male ODM than in controls (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Exposure to hyperglycemia in utero results in sex-specific cardiovascular changes in adult offspring. Impaired nitric oxide-reactive oxygen species signaling may play a significant role in the hemodynamic phenotype of ODM.
In utero exposure to maternal tobacco smoke and subsequent obesity, hypertension, and gestational diabetes among women in the MoBa cohort.; BACKGROUND: Environmental factors influencing the developmental origins of health and disease need to be identified and investigated. In utero exposure to tobacco smoke has been associated with obesity and a small increase in blood pressure in children; however, whether there is a corresponding increased risk of conditions such as diabetes and hypertension during adulthood remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to assess the association of self-reported in utero exposure to tobacco smoke with the prevalence of obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in women 14-47 years of age. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study, which enrolled pregnant women in Norway from 1999 thorough 2008. Exposure to tobacco smoke in utero (yes vs. no) was ascertained on the baseline questionnaire (obtained at ~ 17 weeks' gestation); the outcomes were ascertained from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway and the questionnaire. Our analysis included 74,023 women. RESULTS: Women exposed to tobacco smoke in utero had 1.53 times the odds of obesity [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45, 1.61] relative to those unexposed, after adjusting for age, education, and personal smoking. After further adjustment for body mass index, the odds ratio for hypertension was 1.68 (95% CI: 1.19, 2.39); for T2DM 1.14 (95% CI: 0.79, 1.65); and for GDM 1.32 (95% CI: 1.10, 1.58) among exposed compared with unexposed. CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to tobacco smoke in utero was associated with obesity, hypertension, and GDM in adult women. The possibility that the associations were attributable to unmeasured confounding cannot be excluded.
Fatty acid-binding protein 4 predicts gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) has been proposed to be a potential predictive factor of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia (GH/PE) because of its integrating metabolic and inflammatory responses. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop both GH/PE, than the normal population. The aim of our study was to examine the relationship between plasma FABP4 in the second trimester of pregnancy and the risk of GH/PE in women with GDM. METHODS: This was a nested case-control study conducted within a large on-going prospective cohort study conducted at Peking University First Hospital. A total of 1344 women, who were diagnosed with GDM, according to a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, participated in the GDM One-Day Clinic at Peking University First Hospital from February 24, 2016 to February 9, 2017. Of the 748 GDM women who agreed to the blood sample collection, 637 were followed until their delivery. The cases included GDM patients who developed gestational hypertension or preeclampsia (GDM-GH/PE group, n = 41). Another 41 matched GDM women without major complications were selected as the control group (GDM group). RESULTS: The incidence of GH/PE was 6.44% and 3.30% for preeclampsia. The level of the second trimester plasma FABP4 in the GDM-GH/PE group was significantly higher than the GDM group (17.53±11.35 vs. 12.79±6.04 ng/ml, P = 0.020). The AUC ROC for the second trimester plasma FABP4 predicted GH/PE in the GDM patients alone was 0.647 (95%CI 0.529-0.766). Multivariate analysis showed that the elevated second trimester FABP4 level was independently associated with GH/PE in the GDM patients (OR 1.136 [95% CI 1.003-1.286], P = 0.045). CONCLUSIONS: Increased second trimester plasma FABP4 independently predicted GH/PE in GDM patients.
Pregnancy Reveals Evolving Risk for Cardiometabolic Disease in Women.; Pregnancy serves as a cardiometabolic stressor that may unmask underlying metabolic and vascular abnormalities in an evolving continuum of pathophysiology. In 2011, the American Heart Association indicated that a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes classified a woman as at risk for cardiovascular disease. In this article, we discuss hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease in women.
The association between human chorionic gonadotropin and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the association between human chorionic gonadotropin and adverse pregnancy outcomes. DATA SOURCES: Medline, Embase, PubMed, and Cochrane were searched in November 2021 using Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) and relevant key words. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: This analysis included published full-text studies of pregnant women with serum human chorionic gonadotropin testing between 8 and 28 weeks of gestation, investigating fetal outcomes (fetal death in utero, small for gestational age, preterm birth) or maternal factors (hypertension in pregnancy: preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension, placental abruption, HELLP syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus). METHODS: Studies were extracted using REDCap software. The Newcastle-Ottawa scale was used to assess for risk of bias. Final meta-analyses underwent further quality assessment using the GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation) method. RESULTS: A total of 185 studies were included in the final review, including the outcomes of fetal death in utero (45), small for gestational age (79), preterm delivery (62), hypertension in pregnancy (107), gestational diabetes mellitus (29), placental abruption (17), and HELLP syndrome (2). Data were analyzed separately on the basis of categorical measurement of human chorionic gonadotropin and human chorionic gonadotropin measured on a continuous scale. Eligible studies underwent meta-analysis to generate a pooled odds ratio (categorical human chorionic gonadotropin level) or difference in medians (human chorionic gonadotropin continuous scale) between outcome groups. First-trimester low human chorionic gonadotropin levels were associated with preeclampsia and fetal death in utero, whereas high human chorionic gonadotropin levels were associated with preeclampsia. Second-trimester high human chorionic gonadotropin levels were associated with fetal death in utero and preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Human chorionic gonadotropin levels are associated with placenta-mediated adverse pregnancy outcomes. Both high and low human chorionic gonadotropin levels in the first trimester of pregnancy can be early warning signs of adverse outcomes. Further analysis of human chorionic gonadotropin subtypes and pregnancy outcomes is required to determine the diagnostic utility of these findings in reference to specific cutoff values.
Windows of Opportunity for Lifestyle Interventions to Prevent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with several acute maternal health risks and long-term development of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM similarly increases offspring risk of early-life health complications and later disease. GDM recurrence is common, affecting 40 to 73% of women, and augments associated maternal/fetal/child health risks. Modifiable and independent risk factors for GDM include maternal excessive gestational weight gain and prepregnancy overweight and obesity. Lifestyle interventions that target diet, activity, and behavioral strategies can effectively modify body weight. Randomized clinical trials testing the effects of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy to reduce excessive gestational weight gain have generally shown mixed effects on reducing GDM incidence. Trials testing the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions among women with a history of GDM have shown reduced incidence of diabetes and improved cardiovascular disease risk factors. However, the long-term effects of interpregnancy or prepregnancy lifestyle interventions on subsequent GDM remain unknown. Future adequately powered and well-controlled clinical trials are needed to determine the effects of lifestyle interventions to prevent GDM and identify pathways to effectively reach reproductive-aged women across all levels of society, before, during, and after pregnancy.
The Association Between Serum Magnesium Levels and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Observational studies suggest that the potential role of magnesium remains controversial in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This meta-analysis aims to consolidate the available information from observational studies that have focused on the relationship between magnesium levels and GDM. A systematic and comprehensive literature search was conducted in PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, CNKI, and Wanfang databases. Data were extracted independently by two investigators. Standardized mean differences (SMD) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to summarize the circulating magnesium levels (CI). This meta-analysis included a total of 17 studies involving 2858 participants including 1404 GDM cases and 1454 healthy controls, which showed that magnesium levels were significantly lower in GDM compared to healthy controls (SMD: - 0.35; 95% CI: - 0.62, - 0.07, P = 0.013). Likewise, the same phenomenon was observed in the third trimester (SMD =  - 1.07; 95% CI: - 1.84 to - 0.29, P = 0.007). Other subgroup analyses revealed that this trend of decreasing magnesium concentration was only observed in Europeans (SMD =  - 0.64; 95% CI: - 0.90, - 0.38, P < 0.0001). This meta-analysis revealed that serum magnesium levels were lower in patients with GDM than in healthy pregnant women, and this discrepancy was most pronounced in European populations and during the third trimester. Nevertheless, current evidence suggests that circulating magnesium deficiency is associated with gestational diabetes; the challenge for the future is to further elucidate the possible benefits of preventing gestational diabetes through magnesium supplementation.
Association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes and risk of atopic dermatitis in childhood: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; The purpose of this review was to examine if maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) result in an increased risk of atopic dermatitis or eczema (AD-E) in childhood. We searched the databases of PubMed, Embase, CENTRAL, Web of Science, and Scopus for cohort or case-control studies up to 25th June 2023. Random-effects meta-analysis was done to generate the odds ratio (OR) of the association between HDP/GDM and AD-E. Eight studies were included. Meta-analysis of five studies showed that GDM in the mother was associated with an increased risk of AD-E in the offspring (OR: 1.35 95% CI: 1.13, 1.61 I(2) = 61%). Pooled analysis of four studies demonstrated no association between HDP and risk of AD-E in the offspring (OR: 1.03 95% CI: 0.99, 1.08 I(2) = 0%). The results did not change on sensitivity analysis and subgroup analysis based on study type, method of AD-E diagnosis, and sample size. This meta-analysis suggests that GDM may significantly increase the risk of AD-E in childhood, however, HDP does not seem to impact the risk of AD-E. Evidence is limited by the small number of studies and high interstudy heterogeneity. Further studies are needed to improve the quality of evidence.
[Gestational diabetes--a model trial. The effect of alloxan diabetes on the spectrum of fatty acids in the blood, liver and brain in laboratory rats].; In alloxan-induced diabetic rats (Wistar, females, age 3-4 months of postnatal life) the large spectrum of fatty acids in blood serum, brain cortex, medulla oblongata and liver was studied. The fatty acids, using gas chromatography, were detected as methyl esters and the methods were published previously (Smídová and al. 1994). Alloxan (Merck) administered i.p., 140 mg/kg body weight, caused immediately elevation (three times) of blood sugar levels. On the 13th day the rats were killed. The results are as follows: a) In blood serum alloxan diabetes of cca two weeks duration caused a significantly increased participation of saturated FA and decreased participation of both polyunsaturated FA (n-3 and n-6). b) In brain cortex no differences between controls and diabetic rats in the indicated groups of FA were found. c) In the medulla oblongata an increased participation of polyunsaturated fatty acids n-6 was established. d) In hepatic tissue the increased participation of saturated FA as well as a decreased participation of FA n-6 was described. Analysing the main groups of FA we found especially in n-3 and n-6 FA several significant changes in single FA (a smaller pool of arachidonic acid in blood serum as well as in liver, decreased participation of docosahexaenoic acid in the brain cortex, etc.). The purpose and possible consequences of such changes are discussed.
Umbilical arterial Doppler sonography for fetal surveillance in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus.; Antepartum fetal surveillance constitutes an essential component of the standards of care in managing pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal hyperglycemia is associated with increased oxidative metabolism, hypoxemia and increased brain and renal perfusion without any significant changes in fetoplacental perfusion. Human cordocentesis data show that fetal hypoxemia and acidemia are associated with changes in the umbilical arterial Doppler indices in maternal diabetes mellitus complicated by fetal growth restriction or pre-eclampsia. Consistent with this, observational studies suggest significant diagnostic efficacy of the Doppler method in diabetic pregnancies complicated by vasculopathy, and in the presence of fetal growth restriction or hypertension. However, the relationship between abnormal umbilical arterial Doppler indices and the quality of glycemic control remains unproved. Although there are no randomized trials specifically addressing this issue, existing evidence suggests that Doppler velocimetry of the umbilical artery may be beneficial for antepartum fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies complicated by vasculopathy, fetal growth restriction or hypertension.
Pregnancy after liver transplantation with tacrolimus immunosuppression: a single center's experience update at 13 years.; BACKGROUND: Chronic liver disease often leads to amenorrhea in women of childbearing age. There are several reports of successful pregnancy after liver transplantation (LTx) with cyclosporine A immunosuppression. Tacrolimus has been increasingly used in solid-organ transplantation, and the effect of the drug on pregnancy is still of interest to clinicians. This study updates our single-center experience. METHODS: All pregnancies after LTx with tacrolimus immunosuppression were followed prospectively. Patients' clinical courses during pregnancy and labor along with gestational period and birth weight were catalogued. Changes in liver function, renal function, and immunosuppression also were recorded. The birth weight percentile was calculated on the basis of the gestational period using a standard chart. RESULTS: Thirty-seven mothers delivered 49 babies. Three mothers delivered three times, and six mothers delivered two times. Thirty-six mothers (97%) survived the pregnancy, and 36 allografts (97%) survived. The one death and graft loss was in a patient who demonstrated infra-aortic arterial graft, which clotted by the gravid uterus during labor. The patient developed a gangrenous liver and died before she could undergo retransplantation. The mean gestational period was 36.4+/-3.2 weeks, excluding two premature deliveries at 23 and 24 weeks gestation. Twenty-two babies (46.9%) were delivered by cesarean section, and the other babies were delivered vaginally. In addition to the two premature babies, one baby, who was born to a mother with Alagille syndrome, died from congenital birth defects. The rest of the newborns survived. The mean birth weight was 2,797+/-775 g, with 38 babies (78%) weighing more than 2,000 g. The mean birth weight percentile to gestational period was 54+/-23. Four babies (8.5%) had a birth weight percentile of less than 25, and 28 babies (59.6%) had a birth weight percentile greater than 50. Twelve patients demonstrated an increase in hepatic enzymes without jaundice during the pregnancy. All of them responded to augmentation of immunosuppression. CONCLUSION: The present report reconfirms the safety of tacrolimus during pregnancy after LTx. Preterm delivery and low birth weight seem to be a persistent problem in all solid-organ transplantation under any form of immunosuppression. However, toxemia of pregnancy and new onset of hypertension seem to be have a low occurrence with the use of tacrolimus.
Home-based exercise training improves capillary glucose profile in women with gestational diabetes.; PURPOSE: Regular maternal exercise may play an important role in the management of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), yet specific exercise guidelines to achieve glycemic control have not been established. Furthermore, many women remain sedentary during pregnancy because of perceived barriers to exercise participation. This study examined the effectiveness of a home-based cycling program commenced upon diagnosis of GDM on daily fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and the response of glucose and insulin to a 75-g oral glucose load. METHODS: Forty sedentary women (28.8 ± 0.9 wk of gestation) were randomized to either home-based exercise training in combination with conventional management (EX, n = 20) or to conventional management alone (CON, n = 20) until week 34 of pregnancy. RESULTS: Mean compliance to the supervised exercise training was 96%, and no adverse effects were reported. Capillary glucose concentration was acutely reduced in response to each cycling session (6.3 ± 0.8 mM to 4.9 ± 0.7 mM, P < 0.001). Overall, the EX group had lower mean daily postprandial glucose concentrations throughout the intervention compared with that in the CON group (P < 0.05) despite consuming a greater proportion of dietary carbohydrate (P < 0.05). No differences were observed between groups with respect to HbA1c or the glucose and insulin response to oral glucose ingestion postintervention (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: A home-based cycling program may help to maintain daily postprandial normoglycemia in women with diet-controlled GDM.
Estudio Parto: postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: a randomised controlled trial - study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the U.S. with rates consistently higher among Hispanics as compared to non-Hispanic whites. Among Hispanic women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 50% will go on to develop type 2 diabetes within 5 years of the index pregnancy. Although randomised controlled trials among adults with impaired glucose tolerance have shown that diet and physical activity reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes, such programs have not been tested in high-risk postpartum women. The overall goal of this randomised controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among postpartum Hispanic women with a history of abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. METHODS/DESIGN: Hispanic pregnant women who screen positive for GDM will be recruited and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Health & Wellness (control) Intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone, and mailed materials) will be used to deliver the intervention from late pregnancy (29 weeks gestation) to 12 months postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and addresses the specific cultural and environmental challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments will be conducted at enrollment, and at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months postpartum by trained bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy will be assessed via postpartum weight loss and biomarkers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk. Changes in physical activity and diet will be measured via 7-day actigraph data and three unannounced 24-hour dietary recalls at each assessment time period. DISCUSSION: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and have the highest rates of sedentary behavior and postpartum diabetes after a diagnosis of GDM. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01679210.
Self-Compassion, Adaptive Reactions and Health Behaviours Among Adults With Prediabetes and Type 1, Type 2 and Gestational Diabetes: A Scoping Review.; Engaging in health-promoting behaviours has health benefits for people with prediabetes or diabetes. People experience negative affect after diagnoses, which can impede self-regulation of health behaviours. Self-compassion, extending care to oneself in difficult times, can mitigate negative affect and promote self-regulation. This scoping review explored the relationship between self-compassion and adaptive affect, self-regulation and engagement in health-promoting/management behaviours among people with prediabetes or diabetes. We conducted a scoping literature search from 6 databases for studies and conference abstracts. Randomized controlled trials and cross-sectional, longitudinal, observational and qualitative designs focused on self-compassion were included. Eligible studies included adults with diabetes (prediabetes, type 1, type 2 and gestational), measured self-compassion using a validated Self-Compassion Scale (quantitative) or included the 3 components (qualitative) and investigated: negative affect, health promoting/management behaviours and/or self-regulation. After deduplication, 5,338 quantitative and 953 qualitative abstracts, and 18 conference proceedings were screened leaving 35 articles. Full-text screening retained 11 eligible studies (6 cross-sectional studies, 2 randomized controlled trials, 2 longitudinal studies and 1 qualitative study). Higher self-compassion was associated with decreased negative affect in 9 studies and was positively associated with well-being in 1 cross-sectional study. Self-compassion led to decreased negative affect and improved blood glucose in 2 interventions. Five studies found positive associations between self-compassion and health-promoting/management behaviours. One qualitative study found self-compassion to benefit affective reactions, health-promoting behaviours and self-regulation. This review shows that self-compassion is linked to adaptive behavioural and affective responding among people with prediabetes and diabetes, and the need for more research on self-compassion and self-regulation in these populations.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; Diabetic retinopathy is the most common chronic complication associated with diabetes mellitus. It affects 20% to 30% of diabetic women in the reproductive age group. This article reviews the course and treatment of pregnancy complicated by diabetic retinopathy.
65zinc metabolism is altered during diabetic pregnancy in rats.; To assess further diabetes-induced alterations in gestational Zn metabolism we examined the uptake/retention and distribution of 65Zn during pregnancy. Control and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats, with and without insulin treatment, were gavaged with 65Zn on gestational d 12 or 18. Six hours post-intubation, untreated diabetic dams at d 12 of gestation had a lower percentage of retained 65Zn in bone, plasma, erythrocytes, pancreas and spleen than did controls. Retention of 65Zn in amniotic fluid and sacs and in embryos was similar among groups. Untreated diabetic dams at d 18 of gestation had a higher percentage of retained 65Zn in liver, intestine and urine, and most notably a lower percentage in amniotic fluid, placenta, fetus and fetal liver. Lower percentages of 65Zn were found in bone, muscle, plasma, erythrocytes, lung, spleen, heart, pancreas and uterus of diabetic dams compared with controls. HPLC fractionation of samples from maternal livers showed a higher percentage of Zn, Cu and 65Zn associated with the metallothionein peak in samples from untreated diabetic dams compared with other groups, whereas the percentages of Zn, Cu and 65Zn per fraction in fetal liver were similar. The marked decrease in retained 65Zn in products of conception at d 18 suggests either decreased placental transport or altered maternal and/or fetal Zn-binding ligands. Insulin treatment significantly reversed the streptozotocin diabetes-induced derangements in maternal and fetal Zn metabolism.
Neurophysiologic evaluation of auditory recognition memory in healthy newborn infants and infants of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the integrity of neural pathways for auditory recognition memory in normal newborn infants (n = 32) and infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs, n = 25). IDMs are at risk for fetal metabolic abnormalities that potentially damage recognition memory pathways. We hypothesized that newborn IDMs would have recognition memory deficits that would be correlated with later cognitive development. STUDY DESIGN: Recognition memory was assessed with event-related potentials (ERPs). Neonatal ERPs elicited by the maternal voice were compared with those elicited by a stranger's voice. The Bayley Scales of Infant Development were administered at 1 year of age. RESULTS: Infants in both the control and IDM groups demonstrated recognition of the maternal voice, but their ERP patterns differed. Both groups demonstrated increased amplitude and latency for the "P2" peak elicited by the maternal voice compared with the stranger's voice. In the control group the stranger's voice also elicited a negative slow wave, which was attenuated in the IDMs. The negative slow wave correlated significantly with the 1-year Mental Developmental Index. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of a specific neonatal ERP pattern indicated better 1-year cognitive development in infants in the control and IDM groups. ERPs from IDMs demonstrated subtle evidence of recognition memory impairments.
Altered levels of neurobiological biomarkers at the interface of depression and gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) might predispose the mothers to depression. Studies have reported the role of biomarkers either in GDM or depression, but very few have examined them in GDM with depression. The present study profiled the circulating levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), Beta Endorphin (BE) and nesfatin-1 in women with GDM (with and without depression). METHODS: 160 pregnant women at 24-28 weeks of pregnancy (NGT/GDM with & without depression, n = 40 each) were randomly selected from the ongoing STRiDE (STratification of Risk of Diabetes in Early pregnancy) study. Depression score was derived using PHQ-9 questionnaire and ELISA was used to quantify the biomarkers. RESULTS: Circulatory levels of BDNF, BE and nesfatin-1 were lower in GDM women with or without depression compared to NGT without depression, however, nesfatin-1 levels were higher in NGT with depression. Notably, GDM with depression had the lowest levels of BDNF and BE. Both BDNF and BE levels were negatively correlated with depression, 1 h and 2 h plasma glucose. Regression analysis confirmed that each standard deviation decreases in BDNF and BE were independently associated with higher odds of GDM with or without depression even after adjusting for potential confounders. CONCLUSION: Our study has identified altered levels of a panel of neurobiological biomarkers (BDNF/BE/nesfatin-1) in those with combined GDM and depression. BDNF/BE could be potential biomarkers to assess the higher risk of coexisting depression and GDM.
Improved antenatal detection of congenital anomalies in women with pre-gestational diabetes: population-based cohort study.; AIMS: To compare antenatal detection of congenital anomaly in women with and without pre-gestational diabetes and their pregnancy outcomes in a regional cohort study. METHODS: Data from a total of 7148 singleton pregnancies with a congenital anomaly delivered between 1 January 1996 and 31 December 2008 were extracted from the Northern Diabetes in Pregnancy and Northern Congenital Abnormality Surveys. Antenatal ultrasound detection rates of congenital anomaly in pregnancies complicated by major non-chromosomal congenital anomaly and resulting in live birth, stillbirth, late miscarriage (20-23 weeks of gestation) or termination of pregnancy for a congenital anomaly, were compared between women with and without diabetes (120 and 7028, respectively). RESULTS: A significantly higher rate of antenatal detection of congenital anomalies was observed in women with diabetes compared with women without diabetes (50.8 vs. 38.6%, respectively; relative risk 1.32; 95% CI 1.10-1.57; P = 0.003). Cardiovascular anomalies were the only group with a significantly higher antenatal detection rate in women with diabetes (31.8 vs. 10.4%; relative risk 3.05; 95% CI 1.95-4.76; P < 0.00001). This difference remained after excluding cases of ventricular septal defect (52.2 vs. 16.3%; relative risk 3.20; 95% CI 2.13-4.80; P < 0.0001). Among women with diabetes, male fetal sex was the only factor associated with a higher antenatal detection rate. There were no differences in the rates of termination of pregnancy, late miscarriage, stillbirth or infant death between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Antenatal detection of cardiovascular anomalies was higher in women with diabetes, suggesting that recommendations for enhanced cardiovascular scanning may improve detection. Greater awareness of the increased risk of anomalies in other organ systems is needed.
Hypertension and the pregnancy complicated by diabetes.; Diabetes is a frequent complication of pregnancy. Type 1 diabetes is associated with an increased incidence of preeclampsia and pregnancy-induced hypertension. When renal dysfunction is present, the incidence of these complications is remarkably increased. White's class, poor glycemic control during the first half of pregnancy, and early blood pressure elevation are also independent risk factors for developing preeclampsia. Whether gestational diabetes increases the background incidence of preeclampsia is still debated. Because therapeutic interventions such as low-dose aspirin and antioxidants have not been shown to be effective, preventive measures rely on tight blood glucose control, as well as adequate blood pressure treatment.
A randomized trial of dapagliflozin and metformin, alone and combined, in overweight women after gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus are at a substantially increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus recurrence and type 2 diabetes. Weight gain, particularly increased central adiposity after delivery, is strongly associated with deterioration of pancreatic beta cell compensation for insulin resistance. Weight management after gestational diabetes mellitus could have a significant benefit in these women who are at a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the treatment efficacy of dapagliflozin and metformin, alone and in combination, on body weight and anthropometric, cardiovascular, and metabolic parameters in overweight women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective, single-blind, randomized, outpatient clinical trial with 3 parallel treatment groups. Overweight or obese (body mass index>25) females (n=66; ≥18-45 years) with gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy in the past 12 months were randomized in a single-blind manner to dapagliflozin, metformin, or dapagliflozin-metformin for 24 weeks. Body weight, height, body mass index, waist circumference, waist-to-height ratio, and blood pressure were determined at baseline and trial completion. Oral glucose tolerance tests were performed at baseline and 24 weeks to assess glycemia and mean blood glucose and calculate insulin sensitivity and secretion measures. Plasma lipid fractions, thyroid-stimulating hormone, and liver enzymes were also assessed in the fasting sample at the beginning and completion of the study trial. RESULTS: The study was completed by 49 participants (74%). Significant reduction of weight, waist circumference, and waist-to-height ratio and improved glycemia and insulin sensitivity index derived from oral glucose tolerance test were found with dapagliflozin-metformin vs metformin monotherapy. Both dapagliflozin and dapagliflozin-metformin therapy were superior to metformin in increasing high-density lipoprotein levels, reducing triglyceride concentrations, lowering the triglyceride-to-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio, and improving glucose excursion after an oral glucose tolerance test. The early insulin response to a glucose challenge significantly improved with only dapagliflozin-metformin compared with single-drug treatments. CONCLUSION: This is the first report comparing the efficacy of a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor alone and in combination with metformin in this patient population. We found that combination dapagliflozin-metformin treatment over a 24-week period had a greater positive effect on body weight, waist circumference, and glycemic, cardiovascular, and metabolic parameters than metformin monotherapy in overweight or obese at-risk women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Video-EEG recordings in full-term neonates of diabetic mothers: observational study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether full-term newborn infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) present immature/disorganised EEG patterns in the immediate neonatal period, and whether there was any relationship with maternal glycaemic control. DESIGN AND SETTING: Cohort study with an incidental sample performed in a tertiary hospital neonatal unit. PATIENTS: 23 IDM and 22 healthy newborns born between 2010 and 2013. INTERVENTIONS: All underwent video-EEG recording lasting >90 min at 48-72 h of life. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We analysed the percentage of indeterminate sleep, transient sharp waves per hour and mature-for-gestational age EEG patterns (discontinuity, maximum duration of interburst interval (IBI), asynchrony, asymmetry, δ brushes, encoches frontales and α/θ rolandic activity). The group of IDM was divided into two subgroups according to maternal HbA1c: (1) HbA1c≥6% and (2) HbA1c<6%. RESULTS: Compared with healthy newborns, IDM presented significantly higher percentage of indeterminate sleep (57% vs 25%; p<0.001), discontinuity (2.5% vs 0%; p=0.044) and δ brushes in the bursts (6% vs 3%; p=0.024); higher duration of IBI (0.3 s vs 0 s; p=0.017); fewer encoches frontales (7/h vs 35/h; p<0.001), reduced θ/α rolandic activity (3/h vs 9/h; p<0.001); and more transient sharp waves (25/h vs 5/h; p<0.001). IDM with maternal HbA1c≥6% showed greater percentage of δ brushes in the burst (14% vs 4%; p=0.007). CONCLUSIONS: Full-term IDM newborns showed video-EEG features of abnormal development of brain function. Maternal HbA1c levels<6% during pregnancy could minimise the risk of cerebral dysmaturity.
Obesity and blood pressure in 17-year-old offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes: insights from the Jerusalem Perinatal Study.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) influences fetal development and offspring's metabolic risk. We evaluated this association in 17-year-old offspring adjusting for birth weight (BW) and prepregnancy maternal BMI (mBMI). STUDY DESIGN: The JPS birth cohort contains extensive data on 92,408 births from 1964 to 1976. Offspring's BMI and blood pressure (BP) were obtained from military records. For a subcohort born between 1974 and 1976, prepregnancy mBMI was available. Offspring were classified as born to mothers with GDM (n = 293) or born to mothers without recorded GDM (n = 59,499). RESULTS: GDM offspring had higher mean BMI and systolic and diastolic BP compared to no-recorded-GDM offspring. After adjusting for BW, GDM remained significantly associated with offspring BMI and diastolic BP (β = 1.169 and 1.520, resp.). In the subcohort, when prepregnancy mBMI was entered to the models, it markedly attenuated the associations with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal characteristics have long-term effects on cardiometabolic outcomes of their offspring aged 17 years.
Maternal diabetes as a teratogenic factor for congenital heart defects in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are shown to have an association with maternal diabetes mellitus. The Bahraini population has a high prevalence of diabetes 16.3% thus putting it at increased risk of developing CHDs in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). OBJECTIVE: Describing the prevalence of CHDs in IDM in the Kingdom of Bahrain. DESIGN: A retrospective clinical study. SETTING: Bahrain Defense Force Hospital, Kingdom of Bahrain. METHODS: The study took place from January 1998 to January 2020. A history was recorded for all patients who were referred to the only tertiary cardiac center in Bahrain for echocardiography. Data was recorded on an Excel Sheet for analysis. A cardiac anatomy survey was conducted by an experienced pediatric cardiologist for each patient and the defects were categorized into acyanotic and cyanotic lesions. RESULTS: Five thousand five hundred sixty-nine patients were referred for cardiac echocardiography. Three thousand two hundred fifty-six patients were diagnosed with CHDs, 2,987 were non-IDM whereas 269 were IDM. Patients diagnosed with non-structural defects were excluded. Atrial septal defect (ASD) was identified in 744 patients and was more likely to occur in non-IDM (p-value = .005). Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM) was identified in 35 patients and was more likely to occur in IDM (p-value < .001). Transposition of the great arteries (TGAs) was identified in 80 patients and was more likely to occur in IDM (p-value .002). Double inlet left ventricle (DILV), Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome (HPLHS), and Other Uni-Ventricular Hearts were all more likely to occur in IDM with p-values < .05. CONCLUSION: This study showed significant association between fetal exposure to diabetes and the development of ASD, HOCM, TGA, DILV, HPLHS, and Other Uni-Ventricular Hearts.
Hyperglycaemia cause vascular inflammation through advanced glycation end products/early growth response-1 axis in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is the main reason for developing diabetes mediated vascular complications. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed due to non-enzymatic glycation of proteins, lipids and nucleic acids during hyperglycaemia. It has the potential to damage vasculature by modifying the substrate or by means of AGEs and receptor of AGE (RAGE) interaction. It has been linked with the pathogenesis of various vascular diseases including coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, restenosis etc. This study was carried out to investigate the role of AGEs-EGR-1 pathway in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) vascular inflammation. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HuVECs) isolated from normal glucose tolerant mothers were subjected to various treatments including high glucose, silencing of early growth response (EGR)-1, blockade of protein kinase C (PKC) β, blocking extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), and treatment with AGEs and assayed for EGR-1, tissue factor (TF) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1. Similarly, umbilical vein endothelial cells isolated from normal and GDM mothers were assayed for EGR-1, TF, and sICAM-1. There was a significant increase in EGR-1 and TF levels in HuVECs isolated form GDM mother's umbilical cord and normal HuVECs treated with high glucose condition. This was accompanied by elevated levels of sICAM-1 in high glucose treated cells. Our results revealed AGE-mediated activation of EGR-1 and its downstream genes via PKC βII and ERK1/2 signaling pathway. The present study demonstrated a novel mechanism of AGEs/ PKC βII/ ERK1/2/EGR-1 pathway in inducing vascular inflammation in GDM.
Association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring.; BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity and fatty liver are associated with adverse outcomes such as diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. It is very important to identify relevant risk factors and intervene as early as possible. At present, the relationship between maternal and offspring metabolic factors is conflicting. AIM: To estimate the association of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with overweight/obesity and fatty liver risk in offspring at 8 years of age. METHODS: The prospective study included mothers who all had a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 24-28 wk of gestation and whose offspring completed follow-up at 8 years of age. Offspring birth weight, sex, height, weight, and body mass index (BMI) were measured and calculated. FibroScan-502 examination with an M probe (Echosens, Paris, France) was prospectively conducted in offspring aged 8 years from the Shanghai Prenatal Cohort Study. RESULTS: A total of 430 mother-child pairs were included in the analysis. A total of 62 (14.2%) mothers were classified as obese, and 48 (11.1%) were classified as having GDM. The mean age of the offspring at follow-up was 8 years old. Thirty-seven (8.6%) offspring were overweight, 14 (3.3%) had obesity, and 60 (14.0%) had fatty liver. The prevalence of overweight, obesity and fatty liver in offspring increased significantly across maternal BMI quartiles (all P < 0.05). Among offspring of mothers with GDM, 12 (25.0%) were overweight, 4 (8.3%) were obese, and 12 (25.0%) had fatty liver vs. 25 (6.5%), 10 (2.6%) and 48 (12.6%), respectively, for offspring of mothers without GDM (all P < 0.05). In multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, the OR for fatty liver in offspring was 8.26 (95%CI: 2.38-28.75) for maternal obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION: This study showed that maternal obesity can increase the odds of overweight/obesity and fatty liver in offspring, and GDM status also increases the odds of overweight/obesity in offspring. Weight management and glycemic control before and during pregnancy need to be highlighted in primary prevention of pediatric obesity and fatty liver.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes of singleton pregnancies conceived via assisted reproductive technology complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Growing evidence indicates that the risk of obstetric and perinatal outcomes is higher in women with assisted reproductive technology (ART). However, there is little known about pregnancy related complications and co-morbidity in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) following singleton pregnancies achieved by ART in comparison with spontaneous conception (SC). METHODS: Two hundred sixty singleton pregnant women conceived by ART and 314 pregnant women conceived by spontaneous conception (SC) were participated in this prospective cohort study. All participants were enrolled after GDM screening through one-step oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and then grouped into GDM and non-GDM groups. Women were followed for pregnancy outcomes including pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia, antepartum hemorrhage (APH), cesarean section (CS), preterm birth (PTB), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), being small or large for gestational age (SGA or LGA), macrosomia, low birth weight (LBW), respiratory distress, neonatal hypoglycemia, NICU admission and perinatal mortality from antenatal visits to delivery. Confounding factors were adjusted in logistic regression model in order to estimate adjusted odds ratios (aORs). RESULTS: Among 260 ART and 314 SC, 135 and 152 women were GDM women, respectively. Higher maternal age and pre-gravid BMI, shorter duration of gestation and lower gestational weight gain were observed in GDM groups (ART-GDM and SC-GDM) compared to those of the SC group. ART-GDM group had a higher risk (95% confidence interval) of obstetric complications including PIH [aOR:7.04 (2.24-22.15)], preeclampsia [aOR:7.78 (1.62-37.47)], APH [aOR:3.46 (1.28-9.33)], emergency CS [aOR:2.64 (1.43-4.88)], and perinatal outcomes such as PTB [aOR:3.89 (1.51-10.10)], LBW [aOR:3.11 (1.04-9.30)] and NICU admission [aOR:4.36 (1.82-10.45)], as well as neonatal hypoglycemia [aOR: 4.91 (1.50-16.07)], compared to SC group. SC-GDM group showed a higher risk of PIH [aOR: 4.12 (1.31-12.89)], emergency CS [aOR: 2.01 (1.09-3.73] and LGA [aOR: 5.20 (1.07-25.20)], compared to SC group. Additionally, ART group had a higher risk of PIH [aOR: 3.46(1.02-11.68), preeclampsia 5.29 (1.03-27.09), and NICU admission [aOR: 2.53 (1.05-6.09)] compared to SC. Insulin requirement (41.8% vs. 25.7%) was significantly higher in ART-GDM group compared to SC-GDM group. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study suggest that GDM occurring after ART conception increases the risk of adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes.
Conjoint Associations of Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension With Diabetes, Hypertension, and Cardiovascular Disease in Parents: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; The conjoint association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) with cardiometabolic disease has not been well studied. We evaluated a combined GDM/GH risk indicator in both mothers and fathers because of shared spousal behaviors and environments. In the present population-based retrospective cohort study, GH was identified in matched pairs of mothers with GDM or without GDM (matched on age group, health region, and year of delivery) who had singleton live births in Quebec, Canada (1990-2007). A total of 64,232 couples were categorized based on GDM/GH status (neither, either, or both). Associations with diabetes, hypertension, and a composite of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality were evaluated using Cox proportional hazard models (from 12 weeks postpartum to March 2012). Compared with having neither GDM nor GH, having either was associated with incident diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) = 14.7, 95% confidence interval (CI): 12.9, 16.6), hypertension (HR = 1.9, 95% CI: 1.8, 2.0), and CVD/mortality (HR = 1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.7). We found associations of greater magnitude among participants who had both (for diabetes, HR = 36.9, 95% CI: 26.0, 52.3; for hypertension, HR = 5.7, 95% CI: 4.9, 6.7; and for CVD/mortality, HR = 2.4, 95% CI: 1.6, 3.5). Associations with diabetes were also observed in fathers (for either, HR = 1.2, 95% CI: 1.1, 1.3; for both, HR = 1.8, 95% CI: 1.4, 2.3). In conclusion, we found associations of a combined GDM/GH indicator with cardiometabolic disease in mothers and with diabetes in fathers, with stronger associations when both GDM and GH were present.
[Hormonal diagnosis of fetal adaptation disorders in pregnant women with extragenital and obstetric pathology and the principles of their correction].; The evaluation of hormonal adaptation of the fetoplacental unit (FPU) in pregnant women with somatic and obstetric complications has demonstrated 4 patterns of adaptation: normal, stressful, maladaptive and unstable. The distribution of FPU adaptive responses across diagnostic groups correlated with types of diseases and their duration in pregnant women. Controlled heart diseases, chronic pyelonephritis without exacerbations, mild toxemia were mostly associated with a normal FPU adaptation. Decompensated heart disease, acute episodes of chronic pyelonephritis, deteriorating toxemia, decompensated diabetes mellitus produced functional activation of FPU hormones. Pregnant women with stable hypertension in the presence of moderately severe toxemia and essential hypertension showed hormonal FPU maladaptation. Differential evaluation of FPU adaptation in pregnant women with somatic and obstetric diseases provides a guide to a range and sequence of interventions for fetal disorders.
Decreased prostacyclin production in the infant of the diabetic mother.; Maternal diabetes mellitus is recognized to be a predisposing factor to thrombosis in the neonate. In the adult with diabetes, abnormalities in the metabolism of AA by the platelet and vessel wall occur, which result in an increase in proaggregatory platelet thromboxane A2. A decrease in antiaggregatory vascular PGI2 has been demonstrated in the diabetic rat, although conclusive proof of a similar abnormality is lacking in humans. We evaluated vascular AA metabolism in 10 IDM (groups II and III comparison to 20 control neonates of gestational ages 32 to 40 weeks (group I). Mean uptakes of labeled AA into vascular tissue of both controls and IDM were similar. The conversion of [14C] AA to 6-keto-PGF1 alpha was not dependent on gestational age (r = 0.223) in the control neonates, with a mean value of 5.2% +/- 1.3 (1 S.D.). A marked decrease (p less than 0.001) in 6-keto-PGF1 alpha formation to 1.7% +/- 0.3 was found in the group II IDM of mothers with poor diabetic control (HbA1c = 9.3% +/- 0.5). In the group III neonates whose mothers had normal HBA1c levels (6.1% +/- 0.9), 6-keto-PGF1 alpha production was normal at 4.9% +/- 0.8. Although no correlation between maternal fasting blood glucose and neonatal 6-keto-PGF1 alpha was demonstrable, a significant inverse correlation (r = 0.872; p less than 0.02) was observed between maternal HbA1c levels and the conversion of AA to 6-keto-PGF1 alpha in the vascular tissues of the IDM. It appear possible that abnormalities in platelet-vascular AA metabolism may play an etiologic role in the vascular complications present in some IDM.
[Newborn infants of diabetic mothers. Clinical study in the period 1980-1985].; An statistical analysis is reported on specific problems of the infant of diabetic mother during the period 1980-1985, with a total of 287 newborns. Complications in this sample are exposed, and significant differences demonstrated in gestational age, fetal distress, hypocalcemia, polycythemia, jaundice, respiratory distress syndrome and associated problems according to clinical type of diabetes mellitus. High percentage of congenital malformations is pointed-out with a predominance of cardiac septal defects. Diabetological control was closer in insulin-dependent group, therefore, its effect has been studied separately. A lower rate of hypoglycemia was found in those under control, while infant of insulin-dependent diabetic mother showed a better compliance between weight and gestational age and a lower rate of respiratory distress syndrome.
Preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of recent research on the relationship between preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. METHODOLOGY: A structured search for literary sources in PubMed and ScienceDirect databases using keywords, followed by a selection of papers based on solid methodology. RESULTS: Preeclampsia is a serious condition, which complicates 2-7% of pregnancies. It causes maternal complications (organ dysfunction) and fetal complications (pathological haemodynamic parameters of the uteroplacental unit and fetal growth restriction). Pregnant women with pregestational diabetes have a 2- and 4-times higher risk of developing preeclampsia and the ones with gestational diabetes have 1.3-times higher risk. The main identified risk factors are inadequate compensation of diabetes, diabetic nephropathy, retinopathy and the duration of diabetes. To minimalize the risk of developing preeclampsia, a composite screening has been implemented. With a positive result a preventive use of acetylsalicylic acid from at the latest 16 and up until the 36th week is advised. Preeclampsia is also a risk factor for developing diabetes mellitus and other cardiovascular diseases later in life. For that reason, a long-term dispensary of women who had preeclampsia in pregnancy is recommended.
Vitamin E decreases the occurrence of malformations in the offspring of diabetic rats.; An association between excess oxygen radical activity and disturbed embryogenesis in diabetic pregnancy has been suggested. In the present study, the protective capacity of vitamin E with different treatment regimens was investigated in early and late pregnancy of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Daily gavaging of 0.2 g/kg or 0.8 g/kg of vitamin E exerted moderate protective effects. In contrast, treatment with a diet enriched with 2% (wt/wt) of vitamin E, yielding an approximate daily dosage of 2 g/kg of vitamin E, clearly restored both embryonic and fetal morphology. High-performance liquid chromatography measurement showed that maternal diabetes decreased embryonic content of vitamin E. When pregnant diabetic animals were supplemented with vitamin E, increased concentrations of the vitamin were found in maternal, embryonic, and fetal tissues. Thus, despite marked accumulation of vitamin E in maternal tissues, the compound apparently reached the conceptus. Thiobarbituric acid reactive substances (TBARS) were estimated as a measure of lipid peroxidation, and no changes were observed in maternal tissue, embryonic tissue, placenta, and fetal brain in the untreated diabetic group. In contrast, a fivefold increase of TBARS was found in fetal liver, a rise that was reduced with vitamin E treatment of the diabetic pregnant rats and completely normalized with 2% vitamin E in the diet. Congenital malformations caused by experimental diabetes can be prevented by antioxidants in vivo. These findings further corroborate the notion that an imbalance in the metabolism of free oxygen radicals is involved in the embryonic maldevelopment of diabetic pregnancy, and suggest a direction for prophylactic treatment in the future.
Early Pregnancy-Associated Plasma Protein A Concentrations Are Associated With Third Trimester Insulin Sensitivity.; CONTEXT: First or early second trimester pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) concentrations have previously been shown to be lower in women who subsequently develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension. OBJECTIVE: We therefore sought to investigate why circulating PAPP-A concentrations are related to the subsequent risk of GDM and gestational hypertension. PATIENTS, DESIGN, AND SETTING: We measured serum PAPP-A concentrations around week 15 of pregnancy and related these to indices derived from week 28 oral glucose tolerance tests and blood pressures across pregnancy in the Cambridge Baby Growth Study cohort. RESULTS: Increased PAPP-A concentrations were associated with reduced GDM risk [odds ratio 0.623 (0.453, 0.856), P = 3.5 × 10-3, n = 777] and reduced mean arterial blood pressures (β = -0.202 to -0.177, P = 1.7 to 6.9 × 10-3, n = 347 to 355). They were also negatively associated with week 28 fasting (β = -0.149, P = 6.6 × 10-4, n = 777) and 60-minute (β = -0.188, P = 1.5 × 10-5, n = 777) oral glucose tolerance test glucose concentrations. These associations were underpinned by the strong associations between increased week 15 PAPP-A concentrations and decreased week 28 insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance: β = -0.319, P = 1.7 × 10-13, n = 768), as well as increased insulin secretion relative to insulin sensitivity (insulin disposition index: β = 0.202, P = 6.5 × 10-6, n = 731). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that links between PAPP-A concentrations in early pregnancy and subsequent glucose concentrations and blood pressures may be mediated by changes in insulin sensitivity (and secretion).
Maternal and Perinatal Outcomes in Women with Insulin Resistance.; Objective This study aims to estimate the risks of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with insulin resistance below the threshold of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods This was a retrospective cohort study of 5,983 women with singleton pregnancies undergoing universal GDM screening between 24 and 28 weeks gestation. Subjects were divided into those with a normal 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT), those with an elevated GCT with all normal values on a 3-hour glucose tolerance test (GTT), and those with an elevated GCT with one abnormal value on GTT. Outcomes included macrosomia, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), cesarean section and operative delivery, shoulder dystocia, indicated-preterm birth, and other neonatal outcomes. Logistic regression was performed to compare outcomes among groups. Results The risk of macrosomia was increased for those with an elevated GCT and all normal values on GTT (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.71; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12, 1.97), and for those with an elevated GCT and one abnormal value (aOR, 2.69; 95% CI: 1.49, 4.83). Risks of PIH, cesarean section, and indicated-preterm birth were also increased in those with an elevated 1-hour GCT and no GDM. Conclusion There are increased risks of macrosomia, PIH, indicated-preterm birth, and cesarean section among those with insulin resistance even in the absence of GDM.
Trajectories of cardiovascular risk predict pregnancy outcomes: The Bogalusa Heart Study and the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study.; BACKGROUND: Life course patterns of change in risk-trajectories-affect health. OBJECTIVES: To examine how trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors are associated with pregnancy and birth outcomes. METHODS: Data from two cohort studies participating in the International Childhood Cardiovascular Consortium-The Bogalusa Heart Study (BHS; started in 1973, N = 903 for this analysis) and the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study (YFS; started in 1980, N = 499) were used. Both followed children into adulthood and measured cardiovascular risk factors, including body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP/DBP), total, lipoprotein (LDL)- and high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and serum triglycerides. Discrete mixture modelling was used to divide each cohort into distinct trajectories according to these risk factors from childhood to early adulthood, and these groups were then used to predict pregnancy outcomes including small for gestational age (SGA; <10th study-specific percentile of gestational age by sex), preterm birth (PTB; <37 weeks' gestation), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), with control for age at baseline and at first birth, parity, socioeconomic status, BMI and smoking. RESULTS: The models created more trajectories for BMI, SBP and HDL-cholesterol in the YFS than in BHS, for which three classes generally seemed to be sufficient to represent the groups in the population across risk factors. In BHS, the association between the higher and flatter DBP trajectory and PTB was aRR 1.77, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.06, 2.96. In BHS the association between consistent total cholesterol and PTB was aRR 2.16, 95% CI 1.22, 3.85 and in YFS the association between elevated high trajectory and PTB was aRR 3.35, 95% CI 1.28, 8.79. Elevated-increasing SBP was associated with a higher risk of GH in BHS and increasing or persistent-obese BMI trajectories were associated with GDM in both cohorts (BHS: aRR 3.51, 95% CI 1.95, 6.30; YFS: aRR 2.61, 95% CI 0.96, 7.08). CONCLUSIONS: Trajectories of cardiovascular risk, particularly those that represent a consistent or more rapid worsening of cardiovascular health, are associated with a higher risk of pregnancy complications.
Visceroatrial heterotaxy syndrome in the NOD mouse with special reference to atrial situs.; Following the onset of diabetes mellitus (DM) in the NOD mouse, diabetic dams have many offspring with severe anomalies, especially with visceroatrial heterotaxy syndrome. The purpose of the present study is to analyze this syndrome with special reference to atrial situs. The fetuses from a colony of NOD mice in our laboratory were divided into two study groups: Group A included fetuses from dams before the onset of DM and group B included fetuses from dams with overt DM before day 8 of pregnancy. The fetuses which had cardiac anomalies with viscero-atrial heterotaxy were classified into four subtypes according to the atrial morphology, i.e., "incomplete situs solitus" (or solitus-like), "incomplete situs inversus" (inversus-like), right isomerism, and left isomerism. Group A (671 fetuses) included only one case with right isomerism (0.15%) and four cases with left isomerism (0.6%). Group B (158 fetuses) had 57 fetuses with heterotaxy syndrome (36.1%), including 20 cases with solitus-like, 6 with inversus-like, 30 with right isomerism, and one with left isomerism. A tendency for right isomerism to occur was found in fetuses with solitus-like and inversus-like anomalies. These results show that the maternal DM in this mouse had an influence upon the morphological mechanism determining right isomerism of visceroatrial heterotaxy syndrome. Thus this syndrome in the NOD mouse is equivalent to asplenia in humans, and it may be useful in elucidating the mechanism of the human syndrome.
Advances in management of Type 1 diabetes and pregnancy.; Obstetricians will need to update themselves on the recent changes in terminology and in diagnostic criteria for Type 1 diabetes mellitus. This still remains a high-risk obstetric situation, in spite of optimistic reports from centres of excellence. Pregnancy-associated hypertension may be closely related to insulin resistance. A number of concepts and hypotheses are based on the central role of insulin in fetal development.
Histomorphological changes of the placenta and umbilical cord in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: The objective of this study was to compare the histomorphological changes of placenta and umbilical cord (UC), between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non- GDM pregnancies. METHODS: In this prospective study, 222 parturients were recruited (117 GDM and 105 non-GDM). GDM was confirmed at 24-28 weeks of gestation, using one-step strategy. A full record of demographic, laboratory, histologic and gross morphology data of placenta and UC was extracted and analyzed. RESULTS: Overall, 222 placentas/UCs met inclusion criteria. The mean (SD) of gestational age of GDM diagnosis was 20.68 (10.02) and the GDM duration was 16.76 (8.98) weeks. The mean HbA1C was 6.03 (0.41) % in the GDM group. The gross morphology findings including UC diameter and thick edematous UC differed significantly between two groups and more presented in GDM group, 1.41 (0.03) vs. 1.28 (0.03) centimeters; p-value = 0.006 and 34.19% vs. 16.19%; p-value = 0.002, respectively. The umbilical coiling index (UCI) was similar in two groups (p-value = 0.61). In the histological evaluation, persistence of central vessels differed significantly between two groups, more detected in non-GDM (47.62% vs. 32.97%; p-value = 0.04). No other significant histomorphological changes were detected between two groups. DISCUSSION: This study showed that gross morphologic features such as UC diameter increment and thick edematous UC happened more frequently, among the GDM parturients. Due to early diagnosis, diagnosis strategy, and optimal glycemic control, the histomorphological changes were less in GDM comparing of non-GDM group.
Fetal links to chronic disease: the role of gestational diabetes mellitus.; A growing body of literature suggests that chronic disease has much of its origins in the fetal response to the intrauterine environment, a concept known as "fetal programming." Longitudinal studies have demonstrated that higher rates of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are evident in the offspring of diabetic women. This review focuses on the implications of intrauterine exposure to an altered maternal metabolic milieu and the risk of childhood obesity and metabolic dysfunction.
Role of Cerebroplacental Ratio in Predicting the Outcome of Pregnancies Complicated by Diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Our objective was to evaluate the strength of association and diagnostic performance of cerebroplacental ratio (CPR) in predicting the outcome of pregnancies complicated by pre- and gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, and Google Scholar databases were searched. Inclusion criteria were pregnancies complicated by gestational or pregestational diabetes undergoing ultrasound assessment of CPR. The primary outcome was a composite score of perinatal mortality and morbidity as defined by the original publication. The secondary outcomes included preterm birth gestational age (GA) at birth, mode of delivery, fetal growth restriction (FGR) or small for GA (SGA) newborn, neonatal birthweight, perinatal death (PND), Apgar score &lt;7 at 5 min, abnormal acid-base status, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Furthermore, we aimed to perform a number of sub-group analyses according to the type of diabetes (gestational and pregestational), management adopted (diet insulin or oral hypoglycemic agents), metabolic control (controlled vs. non-controlled diabetes), and fetal weight (FGR, normally grown, and large for GA fetuses). Head-to-head meta-analyses were used to directly compare the risk of each of the explored outcomes. For those outcomes found to be significant, computation of diagnostic performance of CPR was assessed using bivariate model. RESULTS: Six studies (2,743 pregnancies) were included. The association between low CPR and adverse composite perinatal outcome was not statistically significant (p = 0.096). This result did not change when stratifying the analysis using CPR cut-off below 10th (p = 0.079) and 5th (p = 0.545) centiles. In pregnancies complicated by GDM, fetuses with a low CPR had a significantly higher risk of birthweight &lt;10th percentile (OR: 5.83, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.98-17.12) and this association remains significant when using a CPR &lt;10th centile (p &lt; 0.001). Fetuses with low CPR had also a significantly higher risk of PND (OR: 6.15, 95% CI 1.01-37.23, p &lt; 0.001) and admission to NICU (OR 3.32, 95% CI 2.21-4.49, p &lt; 0.001), but not of respiratory distress syndrome (p = 0.752), Apgar score &lt;7 at 5 min (p = 0.920), abnormal acid-base status (p = 0.522), or neonatal hypoglycemia (p = 0.005). These results were confirmed when stratifying the analysis including only studies with CPR &lt;10th centile as a cut-off to define abnormal CPR. However, CPR showed a low diagnostic accuracy for detecting perinatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: CPR is associated but not predictive of adverse perinatal outcome in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes. The findings from this systematic review do not support the use of CPR as a universal screening for pregnancy complication in women with diabetes.
Insulin requires A1 adenosine receptors expression to reverse gestational diabetes-increased L-arginine transport in human umbilical vein endothelium.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) associates with increased L-arginine transport and extracellular concentration of adenosine in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). In this study we aim to determine whether insulin reverses GDM-increased L-arginine transport requiring adenosine receptors expression in HUVECs. Primary cultured HUVECs from full-term normal (n = 38) and diet-treated GDM (n = 38) pregnancies were used. Insulin effect was assayed on human cationic amino acid transporter 1 (hCAT1) expression (protein, mRNA, SLC7A1 promoter activity) and activity (initial rates of L-arginine transport) in the absence or presence of adenosine receptors agonists or antagonists. A1 adenosine receptors (A1AR) and A2AAR expression (Western blot, quantitative PCR) was determined. Experiments were done in cells expressing or siRNA-suppressed expression of A1AR or A2AAR. HUVECs from GDM exhibit higher maximal transport capacity (maximal velocity (V max)/apparent Michaelis Menten constant (K m), V max/K m), which is blocked by insulin by reducing the V max to values in cells from normal pregnancies. Insulin also reversed the GDM-associated increase in hCAT-1 protein abundance and mRNA expression, and SLC7A1 promoter activity for the fragment -606 bp from the transcription start point. Insulin effects required A1AR, but not A2AAR expression and activity in this cell type. In the absence of insulin, GDM-increased hCAT-1 expression and activity required A2AAR expression and activity. HUVECs from GDM pregnancies exhibit a differential requirement of A1AR or A2AAR depending on the level of insulin, a phenomenon that represent a condition where adenosine or analogues of this nucleoside could be acting as helpers of insulin biological effects in GDM.
Role of heme oxygenase in the regulation of the renal hemodynamics in a model of sex-dependent programmed hypertension by maternal diabetes.; Intrauterine programming of cardiovascular and renal function occurs in diabetes because of the adverse maternal environment. Heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1) and -2 (HO-2) exert vasodilatory and antioxidant actions, particularly in conditions of elevated HO-1 expression or deficient nitric oxide levels. We evaluated whether the activity of the heme-HO system is differentially regulated by oxidative stress in the female offspring of diabetic mothers, contributing to the improved cardiovascular function in comparison with males. Diabetes was induced in pregnant rats by a single dose of streptozotocin (STZ, 50 mg/kg ip) in late gestation. Three-month-old male offspring from diabetic mothers (MODs) exhibited higher blood pressure (BP), higher renal vascular resistance (RVR), worse endothelium-dependent response to acetylcholine (ACH), and an increased constrictor response to phenylephrine (PHE) compared with those in age-matched female offspring of diabetic mothers (FODs), which were abolished by chronic tempol (1 mM) treatment. In anesthetized animals, stannous mesoporphyrin (SnMP; 40 µmol/kg iv) administration, to inhibit HO activity, increased RVR in FODs and reduced glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in MODs, without altering these parameters in control animals. When compared with MODs, FODs showed lower nitrotirosyne levels and higher HO-1 protein expression in renal homogenates. Indeed, chronic treatment with tempol in MODs prevented elevations in nitrotyrosine levels and the acute renal hemodynamics response to SnMP. Then, maternal diabetes results in sex-specific hypertension and renal alterations associated with oxidative stress mainly in adult male offspring, which are reduced in the female offspring by elevation in HO-1 expression and lower oxidative stress levels.
Pregnancy Complications as Markers for Subsequent Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: Validation of a Maternal Recall Questionnaire.; BACKGROUND: We designed and tested the validity of a questionnaire to characterize maternal recall of pregnancy complications associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk, based on the 2011 American Heart Association (AHA) guidelines. METHODS: A maternal recall questionnaire of pregnancy history was administered to 971 patients who had participated in a previous cohort study of 1,608 pregnant women. Medical records from the study pregnancy served as the gold standard. Prevalence, sensitivity (sens), specificity (spec), positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV), and/or Spearman's correlation coefficients (r) were calculated for each question. RESULTS: A total of 526 (54%) individuals recontacted responded. Respondents were more likely to be older, white, educated, and nulliparous and were less likely to deliver low-birthweight infants in the study pregnancy than were individuals who did not respond. Mean length of recall was 4.35 years (standard deviation [SD] 0.46) postpartum. Maternal recall was most accurate for gestational diabetes (sens: 92%, spec: 98%, PPV: 79%, NPV: 99%), infant birthweight (r=0.95), and gestation length (r=0.85). Maternal recall was modest for preeclampsia (sens: 79%, spec: 97%, PPV: 68%, NPV: 98%) and pregnancy-associated hypertension, including preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (sens: 60%, spec: 95%, PPV: 64%, NPV: 94%). CONCLUSIONS: This validation study demonstrated that the majority of women could accurately recall a history of gestational diabetes, infant birthweight, and gestational age at delivery, 4 years postpartum on average. Recall of preeclampsia and pregnancy-associated hypertension overall was modest. Maternal report of these pregnancy conditions may help clinicians identify women at increased risk for cardiovascular disease.
Adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes in 2333 singleton pregnancies conceived after different endometrial preparation protocols: a retrospective study in China.; BACKGROUP: Frozen-thawed embryo transfer is rising worldwide. One adverse effect of programmed frozen embryo transfer (FET) reported in some studies is an increased risk of adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes. Meanwhile, body mass index (BMI) also has adverse effect on obstetric and perinatal outcomes. In this study, we investigated that the influence of different endometrial preparation protocols on obstetric and perinatal outcomes and the role of BMI in it. METHOD: This retrospective cohort study included 2333 singleton deliveries after frozen-thaw embryo transfer at our centre between 2014 and 2021, including 550 cycles with programmed FET, 1783 cycles with true natural cycle FET (tNC-FET). In further analysis according to BMI grouped by Asian criterion, group A (18.5 kg/m(2) ≤ BMI < 24.00 kg/m(2)) included 1257 subjects, group B (24 kg/m(2) ≤ BMI < 28.00 kg/m(2)) included 503 subjects and group C (BMI ≥ 28 kg/m(2)) included 573 subjects. Baseline characteristics of the two groups were compared and analyzed. Binary logistic regression analyses were performed to explore the association between obstetric and perinatal outcomes and endometrial preparation protocols. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the placenta previa, gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM), preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), cesarean section (CS) and macrosomia between the tNC-FET and programmed FET groups (P > 0.05). The programmed FET cycles were associated to a higher risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) compared with the tNC-FET cycles (7.3% vs 4.4%, crude OR 1.71[1.16-2.54]; adjusted OR 1.845[1.03-3.30]). After dividing the patients into three groups according to the BMI, The programmed FET cycles were associated to a higher risk of PIH in group C (14.4% vs 6.2%, crude OR 2.55 [1.42-4.55]; adjusted OR 4.71 [1.77-12.55]) compared with the tNC-FET cycles. But there was no statistically significant difference in group A and group B. Programmed FET group compared with the tNC-FET group, the risk of PIH increase as the body mass index increase. CONCLUSION: This study showed a tendency toward increasing risk of PIH in programmed FET cycle compared with the tNC-FET cycle, and the risk of PIH increases as BMI increases. Increased risk of preterm birth and low birth weight is linked to increased risk of PIH.
Consequences of the exposome to gestational diabetes mellitus.; The exposome is the cumulative measure of environmental influences and associated biological responses throughout the lifespan, including those from the environment, diet, behaviour, and endogenous processes. The exposome concept and the 2030 Agenda for the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) from the United Nations are the basis for understanding the aetiology and consequences of non-communicable diseases, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Pregnancy may be developed in an environment with adverse factors part of the immediate internal medium for fetus development and the external medium to which the pregnant woman is exposed. The placenta is the interface between maternal and fetal compartments and acts as a protective barrier or easing agent to transfer exposome from mother to fetus. Under and over-nutrition in utero, exposure to adverse environmental pollutants such as heavy metals, endocrine-disrupting chemicals, pesticides, drugs, pharmaceuticals, lifestyle, air pollutants, and tobacco smoke plays a determinant role in the development of GDM. This phenomenon is worsened by metabolic stress postnatally, such as obesity which increases the risk of GDM and other diseases. Clinical risk factors for GDM development include its aetiology. It is proposed that knowledge-based interventions to change the potential interdependent ecto-exposome and endo-exposome could avoid the occurrence and consequences of GDM.
Urine albumin-creatinine ratio in women with gestational diabetes: its link with glycaemic status.; BACKGROUND: Micro-albuminuria has been established as a marker for micro-vascular disease. Spot urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), even in the high normal range, predicts future cardiovascular events. The value of UACR in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy is uncertain. AIM: The objectives of this study were to assess the associations between UACR (performed at the time of GDM diagnosis) and various maternal parameters and to evaluate its correlation with pregnancy outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective review of women with GDM who attended antenatal clinics at a single centre between March 2010 and September 2013. RESULTS: Among 1015 women included in this study, high UACR levels were associated with advancing maternal age, maternal obesity, gestational hypertension, elevated glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and high fasting glucose level. After adjustments for various maternal factors, only advancing age, HbA1c and fasting glucose level were associated with UACR. In terms of pregnancy outcomes, elevated UACR was not associated with adverse events, but was a predictor for pre-eclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: The finding that UACR was associated with glycaemic status in women with GDM suggests early micro-vascular disease may be present in women who had greater degree of hyperglycaemia. This raises the question of whether women with GDM and elevated UACR may be at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease in the future. Long-term follow-up of this subgroup of women would be worthwhile.
Effect of Iodine Nutrition on Pregnancy Outcomes in an Iodine-Sufficient Area in China.; Many studies focused on the association between thyroid disease and pregnancy outcomes. The present study explored the effect of iodine nutrition during the first trimester on pregnancy outcomes. One thousand five hundred sixty-nine pregnant, euthyroid women at ≤12 weeks of gestation in an iodine-sufficient area in China were recruited. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for iodine nutrition during pregnancy, participants were divided into four groups: adequate iodine (median urinary iodine concentration (UIC), 150-249 μg/L), mild deficiency (UIC, 100-150 μg/L), moderate and severe deficiency (UIC, <100 μg/L), and more than adequate and excessive (UIC, ≥250 μg/L) groups. Pregnancy outcomes, including abortion, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placenta previa, placental abruption, preterm labor, low birth weight infants, macrosomia, breech presentation, and cord entanglement, were obtained during follow-up. The results showed that there was no significant difference in general characteristics, including age, body mass index, abdominal circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, smoking rate, and drinking rate, among the four groups. In the more than adequate and excessive group, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) was greater and free thyroxine (FT4) was lower than any other groups but still within normal range. The thyroglobulin (Tg) level was greater in the moderate and severe deficiency group. The incidence of GDM was significantly greater in women with mild iodine deficiency than in women with adequate iodine nutriture (18.38 vs. 13.70%, p < 0.05). Compared with the adequate group, incidence of macrosomia was significantly greater in the more than adequate and excessive group (12.42 vs. 9.79%, p < 0.05). Mild iodine deficiency was an independent risk factor for GDM (odds ratio = 1.566, 95% confidence interval = 1.060-2.313, p = 0.024); more than adequate and excessive iodine was an independent risk factor for macrosomia (OR = 1.917, CI = 1.128-3.256, p = 0.016). In summary, during 1st trimester, both mild iodine deficiency and excessive iodine intake had adverse impacts on pregnancy outcomes in an iodine-sufficient area.
Polysomnographic features of pregnancy: A systematic review.; Symptoms of sleep disturbances are common among pregnant women and generally worsen across gestation. Pregnancy-related sleep disorders are not only associated with a poor quality of life of the affected mothers, but also with adverse perinatal outcomes, including perinatal depression, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm birth. The current knowledge about the impact of sleep disorders during pregnancy largely derives from the results of sleep surveys conducted in various populations. However, the number of studies examining changes in objective sleep variables during pregnancy via polysomnography has progressively increased in recent years. Here we systematically reviewed the polysomnographic studies available in the literature with the aim to describe the sleep pattern and to identify possible markers of sleep disruption in pregnant women. Based on our analysis, subjective worsening of sleep quality across gestation is related to objective changes in sleep macrostructure, which become particularly evident in the third trimester. Pregnancy per se does not represent an independent risk factor for developing major polysomnography-assessed sleep disorders in otherwise healthy women. However, in women presenting predisposing factors, such as obesity or hypertension, physiological changes occurring during pregnancy may contribute to the onset of pathological conditions, especially sleep-disordered breathing, which must be carefully considered.
Troponin T and NT ProBNP Levels in Gestational, Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetic Mothers and Macrosomic Infants.; This study compares NT proBNP and troponin T levels in umbilical cord arterial blood and postnatal echocardiographic findings for infants of gestational and pregestational diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants. Twenty-seven infants of pregestational diabetic mothers, 61 infants of gestational diabetic mothers and 37 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers were prospectively enrolled in this study along with a control group of 58 healthy infants of mothers without any pregestational or gestational disorders as the control group. All enrollees were born after 34 weeks of gestation. For this study, umbilical cord blood was drawn during delivery to determine NT proBNP and troponin T levels. Echocardiography was performed 24-72 h after the delivery. Umbilical cord troponin T and NT proBNP levels were found to be higher in the diabetic and macrosomic groups than in the control group (all of them p < 0.001). NT proBNP levels were positively correlated with interventricular septum thickness in the pregestational and gestational infants of diabetic mothers groups (r = 0.564 and r = 0.560, respectively, p < 0.01). Both pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers were divided into two groups according to HbA1c levels in the third trimester as good (<6.1 %) and suboptimal (>6.1 %) metabolic control. In the good and suboptimal metabolic control diabetic groups, NT proBNP levels were also positively correlated with interventricular septum thickness (r = 0.536 and r = 0.576, respectively, p < 0.01). In the suboptimal metabolic control diabetic group, NT proBNP was only found to be positively correlated with the left ventricular mass index (r = 0.586, p < 0.01). While there was no correlation in the myocardial performance index between infants of diabetic mothers and the control group, the myocardial performance index of macrosomic infants was lower than that of the control group (p = 0.017). Cardiac biomarkers (NT proBNP and troponin T) were elevated in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants. While there was a positive correlation between NT proBNP levels and cardiac structure in infants of pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers, there was no relationship between NT proBNP levels and cardiac function.
Pre-eclampsia is associated with a twofold increase in diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Pre-eclampsia is a pregnancy-specific multisystem disorder and a state of physiological insulin resistance. Our aim was to systematically evaluate and quantify the evidence on the relationship between pre-eclampsia and the future risk of diabetes. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies that evaluated diabetes in women with and without pre-eclampsia. We performed a systematic search of MEDLINE and EMBASE to identify relevant studies. Independent double data extractions were conducted by four reviewers. Random-effects meta-analysis was used to estimate the risk of future diabetes following pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: A total of 21 studies were identified with more than 2.8 million women, including more than 72,500 women with pre-eclampsia. Meta-analysis of studies that adjusted for potential confounders demonstrated that pre-eclampsia was independently associated with an increased risk of future diabetes (RR 2.37 [95% CI 1.89, 2.97]). This risk appeared in studies that followed women from less than 1 year postpartum (RR 1.97 [95% CI 1.35, 2.87]) and persisted to more than 10 years postpartum (RR 1.95 [95% CI 1.28, 2.97]). After adjusting for BMI or gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia remained linked with an increased risk of future diabetes (RR 2.38 [95% CI 1.74, 3.24] and RR 2.36 [95% CI 1.94, 2.88], respectively). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Pre-eclampsia is independently associated with a twofold increase in future diabetes. Our study highlights the importance of clinical risk assessment for the future development of diabetes in women with pre-eclampsia. We recommend detailed evaluation of a screening programme for diabetes in this high-risk population.
Ovarian vein thrombosis during cesarean section. A report of two cases.; BACKGROUND: Puerperal ovarian vein thrombosis occurs in 0.2-0.5% of deliveries. It is usually thought to result from infection, but it has been hypothesized that thrombosis may occur as a primary event, and radiologic studies raise the possibility that ovarian vein thrombosis may occur quite frequently. CASES: Case 1 had right ovarian vein thrombosis diagnosed at the time of nonemergency cesarean section for placenta previa. This was treated with ligation of the infundibulopelvic ligament above the level of the clot. Subsequent magnetic resonance imaging showed contralateral ovarian vein thrombosis, and therefore anticoagulant therapy was begun. The patient was asymptomatic. Case 2 had right ovarian vein thrombosis extending to the inferior vena cava diagnosed at elective repeat cesarean section. She was heparinized in the recovery room; subsequent ventilation/perfusion scan showed a probable pulmonary embolism. Both patients recovered uneventfully. CONCLUSION: These two cases demonstrate that ovarian vein thrombosis may occur as a primary event, in the absence of infection, and result in pulmonary embolism. Individualized management based on operative findings is recommended.
[Morphology of myometrial and decidual arteries in normal pregnancy, in toxemia of pregnancy, and in maternal diabetes (author's transl)].; 127 specimens, obtained by different methods from the myometrium and the placental bed after parturition, are investigated histologically. This material includes normal pregnancies as well as cases of maternal diabetes with and without hypertension and cases of hypertension in EPH-gestosis. The different parts of the arterial system (spiral arteries, basal arteries, radial arteries) are separately investigated. Physiologically, the pregnancy induces changes in the wall of the decidual arteries and possibly in the distal part of the radial arteries. The fibromuscular layer including the elastic fibers were destructed and replaced by fibrin and connective tissue. For this reason, in these parts of arteries it is very difficult to separate pathological from physiological changes.
Pre-pregnancy Obesity as a Modifier of Gestational Diabetes and Birth Defects Associations: A Systematic Review.; Objective Inconsistent findings of associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and birth defects suggest unaccounted confounders may underlie the actual basis for such associations. We conducted a systematic review to assess observed associations between GDM and birth defects and the extent to which these could be explained by pre-pregnancy obesity. Methods Using a combination of search terms for GDM and birth defects, we searched PubMed, Scopus, CINAHL, and ClinicalTrials.gov for human-based studies published through September 2013. Studies were eligible for inclusion if they included information on maternal diabetes status, method of diagnosis of GDM, and assessment of birth defects. Twenty-four of 768 potential articles were included. We collected information on study design, location and period, method of determination of diabetes status, types of birth defects, and measures of association reported. Results There was no evidence for consistent association of GDM with birth defects, with the exception of a weak association between GDM and congenital heart defects. When stratified by maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, an association between GDM and congenital heart defects and between GDM and neural tube defects was evident only in women with both GDM and pre-pregnancy obesity. Conclusions for Practice Our findings suggest reported associations between GDM and birth defects may be due, in part, to undiagnosed metabolic disorders associated with obesity, such as pregestational diabetes mellitus, rather than GDM. These findings highlight the need for increased efforts for pre-pregnancy screening for undiagnosed diabetes and awareness of the importance of weight management among women of childbearing age with obesity.
Impact of diabetes on sodium-lithium countertransport in pregnancy-induced hypertension.; The purpose of this study was to assess the impact of type I diabetes on sodium-lithium countertransport (CTT) in normotensive third trimester women and those with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). CTT was measured in the following groups: nonpregnant diabetic and nondiabetic women, pregnant nondiabetics with and without PIH, and pregnant diabetics with and without PIH. CTT was determined as external sodium-stimulated lithium efflux from lithium loaded red cells [mmoles/liter of cells x hours = units (U)]. In the nonpregnant state, nondiabetics and diabetics demonstrated similar CTT activity (0.20 +/- 0.02 U, n = 22, v 0.26 +/- 0.03 U, n = 18). In pregnancy, normotensive nondiabetics and diabetics had CTT activity similar to each other, the values of both being significantly higher than those in nonpregnant women (0.39 +/- 0.03 U, n = 26, v 0.46 +/- 0.05 U, n = 17). Nondiabetics with PIH demonstrated higher CTT (0.53 +/- 0.03 U, n = 30) than normotensive pregnant nondiabetics (P = .002). However, diabetics with PIH and CTT activity (0.48 +/- 0.04 U) indistinguishable from normotensive pregnant diabetics (0.46 +/- 0.05 U). There were no differences in gestational age, renal function, or glycohemoglobin that could explain these observations. Therefore, we conclude that PIH in type I diabetic women, in contrast to PIH in nondiabetic pregnant women, is not associated with a further elevation in CTT.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: a review.; The prevalence of diabetes in pregnancy is increasing. Pre-existing diabetes is present in 1 in 167 pregnancies in Australia, divided equally between type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Diabetic retinopathy is a leading cause of blindness in women during their childbearing years, and pregnancy increases the short-term risk of diabetic retinopathy progression. We examine the risk factors for progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy including duration of diabetes, baseline level of retinopathy, level of glycaemic control and hypertension. We also examine current screening and management guidelines and their levels of evidence, current treatment options for diabetic retinopathy and avenues for further research.
Implications of pregnancy on cardiometabolic disease risk: preeclampsia and gestational diabetes.; Cardiometabolic disorders, such as obesity, insulin resistance, and hypertension, prior to and within pregnancy are increasing in prevalence worldwide. Pregnancy-associated cardiometabolic disease poses a great risk to the short- and long-term well-being of the mother and offspring. Hypertensive pregnancy, notably preeclampsia, as well as gestational diabetes are the major diseases of pregnancy growing in prevalence as a result of growing cardiometabolic disease prevalence. The mechanisms whereby obesity, diabetes, and other comorbidities lead to preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are incompletely understood and continually evolving in the literature. In addition, novel therapeutic avenues are currently being explored in these patients to offset cardiometabolic-induced adverse pregnancy outcomes in preeclamptic and gestational diabetes pregnancies. In this review, we discuss the emerging pathophysiological mechanisms of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in the context of cardiometabolic risk as well as the most recent preclinical and clinical updates in the pathogenesis and treatment of these conditions.
Syndromic and single gene disorders associated with fetal megacystis (I): Megacystis-microcolon-intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome (MMIHS).; Fetal megacystis has been reported to be associated with chromosomal abnormalities, megacystis-microcolon-intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome (MMIHS), obstructive uropathy, prune belly syndrome, cloacal anomalies, limb-body wall complex, amniotic band syndrome, anorectal malformations, VACTERL association (vertebral anomalies, anal atresia, cardiac malformations, tracheo-esophageal fistula, renal anomalies and limb abnormalities) and fetal overgrowth syndrome such as Bechwith-Wiedemann syndrome and Sotos syndrome. This review provides an overview of syndromic and single gene disorders associated with fetal megacystis which is useful for genetic counseling at prenatal diagnosis of fetal megacystis.
Prognostic indicators of persistent carotid intima-media thickness increase in postpartum period in a population of normotensive women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA)-intima media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. In the present study, we aimed to compare the CCA-IMT measured in GDM women to that obtained in healthy pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we investigated the main independent predictors of persistent CCA-IMT increase (defined as CCA-IMT ≥ 0.6 mm) in postpartum period in GDM women. STUDY DESIGN: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 healthy pregnant women matched for anagraphic age (34.1 ± 4.5 vs 32.8 ± 4.2 yrs, p = 0.25), ethnicity (caucasian 56.7 vs 63.3%, p = 0.59), gestational age (36.2 ± 1.7 vs 36.5 ± 1.6 weeks, p = 0.48) and cardiovascular risk factors were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests, conventional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography analysis of left ventricular and left atrial myocardial strain parameters and carotid ultrasound examination at two time points: 36-38 weeks' gestation and 6-10 weeks after delivery. RESULTS: At 36.2 ± 1.7 weeks of gestation, CCA-IMT was significantly increased in GDM women than controls (0.81 ± 0.11 vs 0.55 ± 0.12, p < 0.001). Twelve GDM women (40% of the total) were found with persistent CCA-IMT increase (0.76 ± 0.14 mm) in postpartum period (8.2 ± 2.2 weeks), whereas the remaining 18 (60% of the total) showed a normalization in CCA-IMT (0.56 ± 0.1 mm). At multivariate logistic regression analysis, third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.78, 95%CI 1.24-2.54, p = 0.01), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.51, 95%CI 1.13-1.89, p = 0.03) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) (OR 1.68, 95%CI 1.25-4.65, p = 0.02) resulted to be independently associated with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period in GDM women. A BMI ≥ 29.2 Kg/m(2), an HbA1C ≥ 37.5 mmol/mol and a NLR ≥ 5.5 were the best cut-off values for identifying GDM women with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period. CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with increased CCA-IMT during pregnancy. This increase may be persistent in postpartum period in GDM women with obesity, uncontrolled diabetes and increased inflammatory markers.
[Value of coagulation function and fibrinolytic system assessment in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To study the clinical implications of changes of coagulation function and fibrinolytic system in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Twenty non-pregnant women, 20 with normal pregnancy and 46 with GDM were enrolled in this study for examinations of platelet alpha-granule membrane protein (GMP-140), Von Willebrand factor (vWF), antithrombin III activity (AT-III), plasminogen activity (PLG), activity of tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) and plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI). RESULTS: vWF, GMP-140, PLG, D-dimer, PAI were obviously elevated while t-PA was lower in GDM patients as compared with the measurement in non-pregnant women and women with normal pregnancy (P<0.01). AT-III and ProC measurement showed no significant differences between GDM patients and women of the other two groups. CONCLUSION: GDM patients may have elevated platelet activation and fibrinolyic activity as well as vascular endothelial injuries, and antenatal assessment of the coagulation function can be of value for prevention and treatment of GDM.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac functions in the setting of maternal diabetes: Application of the global spherical index, global strain and fractional area change by the speckle tracking technique.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate ventricular contractility and profile heart deformations in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers using the Speckle tracking imaging (STI). The fractional area change (FAC), global longitudinal strain (GLS) and global sphericity index (GSI) of the 4-chamber view (4-CV) were computed. STUDY DESIGN: Dynamic 4-CV images of 60 fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) and 60 controls were retrospectively collected between 19 and 37 weeks of gestation. Speckle-tracking analysis was used to compute and compare GSI, GLS and FAC of the right ventricle (RV) and the left ventricle (LV) between the groups. By definition, GSI was the ratio of the epicardial basal-apical length in end-diastole (BAL) to the overall transverse length of RV and LV in end-diastole (TL). The FAC was calculated by dividing the difference between end-diastolic area and end-systolic area by the end-diastolic area. Similarly, the GLS of the RV and LV was obtained by dividing the difference between the endocardial length in end-systole and endocardial length in end-diastole to the endocardial length in end-diastole. Data for conventional echocardiographic parameters, standard biological measurements of fetus and maternal baseline characteristics were also recorded and compared between the groups. Linear regression analysis was performed to assess the association between age, BMI and the inter-ventricular septum thickness (IVST). RESULTS: Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.74). In fetuses exposed to MD, the thickness of the IVS was higher while the FAC of RV, GLS of RV and the GSI were all significantly lower. The FAC and global strain of LV generally decreased with progress in gestation but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Conventional echocardiography in fetuses exposed to MD revealed a lower mitral E/A ratio and a larger myocardial performance index (MPI) of the RV and LV. Although the annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) were also lower in this group, the difference was not statistically significant compared to fetuses of the control group. No regression relationship between age, BMI and IVST were noticed in any group. CONCLUSION: This study found that diastolic dysfunction among fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers is accompanied by global cardiac deformation and functional decrease of the RV in systole in the second and third trimester. The GSI, global strain and FAC acquired by SRI can be used as convenient and reliable quantitative parameters in the assessment of cardiac function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes.
Placental neurotrophin levels in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Neurotrophins are known to influence the development and maturation of the feto-placental unit and affect fetal growth trajectories. This study reports the levels of nerve growth factor (NGF) and brain-derived growth factor (BDNF) in the placenta of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A total number of 60 women with GDM and 70 women without GDM (non-GDM) were included in the study. Placental NGF and BDNF levels were measured using commercially available ELISA kits. RESULTS: Placental NGF levels were lower (p < .05) in women with GDM compared to non-GDM women. Maternal body mass index (BMI), mode of delivery, and the gender of the baby influenced the placental NGF levels. Placental BDNF levels were similar in GDM and non-GDM women. There was an influence of baby gender on the placental BDNF levels while maternal BMI and mode of delivery did not show any effect. In regression models adjusted for maternal age at delivery, gestational age, maternal BMI, mode of delivery, and baby gender, the placental NGF levels in the GDM group were lower (-0.144 pg/ml [95% CI -0.273, 22120.016] p = .028) as compared to the non-GDM group. However, there was no difference in the BDNF levels between the groups. CONCLUSION: This study for the first time demonstrates differential effects on neurotrophic factors such as BDNF and NGF in the placenta in pregnancies complicated by GDM. Alterations in the levels of placental neurotrophins in GDM deliveries may affect placental development and fetal brain growth. This has implications for increased risk for neurodevelopmental pathologies in later life.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes in the Torres Strait Islands with a sixfold increase in type 2 diabetes in pregnancy over six years.; BACKGROUND: Torres Strait Islander population has a high prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). AIMS: To review pregnancy data of women and their newborns living in the Torres Strait area. METHODS: All medical charts of mothers and their neonates delivered in two one-year periods (1999 and 2005/2006) were reviewed. The initial screening test for diabetes in pregnancy (DIP) was a random blood glucose level followed by an oral glucose challenge test in 1999 and from 2000 an oral glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Diabetes in pregnancy increased by 4.3-13.3% and T2DM by 0.8-4.6%. During the two periods, 258 and 196 mothers delivered respectively 84-92% by midwives/general practitioners at the local hospital and 7-16% by midwives/obstetricians at the regional hospital; in 2005/2006, 58% of women with DIP delivered at the regional hospital. Screening increased from 89.2 to 99.5%. DIP mothers were older and heavier with more hypertension and previous miscarriages. Parity decreased in the DIP mother during the two periods. Caesarean section was five times more common for DIP in 2005/2006 versus non-DIP, while in 1999, there was no difference. In 1999, the DIP infants were heavier, longer (P = 0.053) and had a larger head circumference not seen 2005/2006. There was more neonatal trauma, hypoglycaemia and IV dextrose in the DIP infants. Breastfeeding numbers increased in DIP. In 2005/2006, follow-up of gestational diabetes occurred in 47% (all normal). CONCLUSION: A massive increase in DIP was seen. The neonatal outcomes improved slightly. There is need for improvement in follow-up of gestational diabetes.
Type-2 diabetes: Current understanding and future perspectives.; The rapid outbreak of type-2 diabetes is one of the largest public health problems around the globe. Particularly, the developing nations are becoming the epicenters of cardiometabolic disorders owing to the change in lifestyle and diet preference besides genetic predisposition. Diabetes has become a major independent risk factor for cardiovascular diseases in South Asian countries including India. The pathogenesis of type-2 diabetes primarily initiates with inadequacy of pancreatic islet β-cells to respond to chronic fuel surfeit and hence causing glycemic load, insulin resistance, and obesity. Urban Indian life is threatened with unhealthy high calorie diet and sedentary habits, and thus impairing the metabolic status of "thin-fat Indians" and rendering them more vulnerable to metabolic disorders. Furthermore, the metabolic dysfunction may be triggered off quite early in life due to poor maternal health and impairment in intrauterine programming and, particularly in rural India. The impaired fetal development affects the health status in later stage of life by promoting obesity, insulin resistance, type-2 diabetes, and cardiovascular complications. Therefore, the preventive and therapeutic approaches focus on a holistic strategy to improve maternal and child health, promote balanced diet and physical exercise in combination with pharmacological intervention of reducing/checking hyperglycemia, obesity, and cardiovascular complications. This review summarizes the epidemiology, mechanisms, and risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disorders with a focus on the Indian subcontinent.
Maternal obesity: implications for pregnancy outcome and long-term risks-a link to maternal nutrition.; As obesity becomes a worldwide epidemic, its prevalence during reproductive age is also increased. Alarming reports state that two-thirds of adults in the USA are overweight or obese, with half of them in the latter category, and the rate of obese pregnant women is estimated at 18-38%. These women are of major concern to women's health providers because they encounter numerous pregnancy-related complications. Obesity-related reproductive health complications range from infertility to a wide spectrum of diseases such as hypertensive disorders, coagulopathies, gestational diabetes mellitus, respiratory complications, and fetal complications such as large-for-gestational-age infants, congenital malformations, stillbirth, and shoulder dystocia. Recent reports suggest that obesity during pregnancy can be a risk factor for developing obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in the newborn later in life. This review will address the implication of obesity on pregnancy and child health, and explore recent literature on obesity during pregnancy.
The combined effect of maternal obesity and fetal macrosomia on pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the combined effect of macrosomia and maternal obesity on adverse pregnancy outcomes using a retrospective cohort. METHODS: Infants with a birth weight of ≥ 4000g (macrosomia) were identified from an institutional birth cohort. Demographic characteristics and maternal, fetal, neonatal, and pregnancy outcomes of macrosomic infants whose mothers were obese were compared with those whose mothers were non-obese. RESULTS: Pregnancies in obese women resulting in macrosomic infants are more likely to be complicated by gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and smoking than pregnancies in non-obese women with macrosomic infants. Mothers whose infants are macrosomic are significantly more likely to require induction of labour (OR 1.42; 95% CI 1.10 to 1.98) and delivery by Caesarean section (OR 1.45; 95% CI 1.04 to 2.01), particularly for maternal indications (OR 3.7; 95% CI 1.47 to 9.34), if they are obese. Finally, macrosomic infants of obese mothers are significantly more likely to require neonatal resuscitation in the form of free flow oxygen (OR 1.57; 95% CI 1.03 to 2.42) than macrosomic infants of non-obese mothers. CONCLUSION: When both maternal obesity and macrosomia are present, adverse pregnancy outcomes are more common than when fetal macrosomia occurs in a woman of normal weight.
Maternal Diabetes Mellitus and Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn: Accumulated Evidence From Observational Studies.; OBJECTIVES: Maternal diabetes mellitus (including pre-existing and gestational diabetes mellitus) is linked with adverse infant outcomes. However, the question of whether maternal diabetes increases the risk of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) is unclear. Herein, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize clinical evidence to determine the association between maternal diabetes mellitus and PPHN. METHODS: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we systematically searched PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science and Google Scholar to identify relevant studies according to predefined criteria. Data from selected studies were extracted, and meta-analysis was performed using fixed effects modelling. RESULTS: In all, we included 7 unique studies with aggregated data on 2 million individuals and >5,000 cases of PPHN. Maternal diabetes was significantly associated with a higher risk of PPHN (risk ratio [RR], 1.37; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.23 to 1.51). Both case-control and cohort studies exhibited that the presence of maternal diabetes increased the risk of PPHN (case-control: RR, 1.91; 95% CI, 1.02 to 2.79; cohort: RR, 1.36; 95% CI, 1.22 to 1.50). By omitting 1 study at a time, sensitivity analysis made sure that no individual study was entirely responsible for the combined results. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes was associated with increased risk of PPHN. For babies with refractory hypoxemia, with mothers with diabetes, PPHN should be taken into consideration in clinical practice.
Association Between Maternal Glucose Levels in Gestational Diabetes Screening and Subsequent Hypertension.; BACKGROUND: We assessed the association between maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and subsequent hypertension. METHODS: This population-level, retrospective cohort study examined women aged 12 to 54 years with singleton pregnancies completed at ≥29 weeks of gestation from October 1, 2008 to December 1, 2018 followed until March 31, 2019 in Alberta, Canada. Women were stratified by results in the 50-gram glucose challenge test and by 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test subtypes (normal oral glucose tolerance test, elevated fasting plasma glucose only [elevated fasting], elevated postload glucose only, or both elevated fasting and postload glucose [combined]. Time to development of hypertension was modeled using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Of 313 361 women, 231 008 (79.1%) underwent a glucose challenge test only while 60 909 (20.9%) underwent either an oral glucose tolerance test only or both. Nine thousand five hundred eighty (3.1%) developed hypertension, and 2824 (0.9%) developed cardiovascular disease over a median follow-up of 5.7 years. Every 1-mmol/L increase in glucose in the glucose challenge test increased the risk of subsequent hypertension by 15% (adjusted hazard ratio and 95% CI, 1.15 [1.14-1.16]). Among those who underwent the oral glucose tolerance test, the combined group conferred the highest risk of subsequent hypertension, followed by elevated fasting, then elevated postload glucose only (reference: glucose challenge test ≤7.1 mmol/L, adjusted hazard ratio [95% CI]: elevated postload glucose only, 1.83 [1.68-2.00]; elevated fasting 2.02 [1.70-2.40]; combined, 2.65 [2.33-3.01]). No significant associations between maternal glucose levels and cardiovascular disease were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing maternal glucose levels in pregnancy were associated with increasing risk of subsequent hypertension. These findings may help identify higher-risk women who should be targeted for earlier postpartum cardiovascular risk reduction.
A Randomized Double-Blinded, Placebo-Controlled Trial Investigating the Effect of Fish Oil Supplementation on Gene Expression Related to Insulin Action, Blood Lipids, and Inflammation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Fish Oil Supplementation and Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega-3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18-40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) method. Results of RT-PCR indicated that omega-3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-γ) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin-1 (IL-1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega-3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega-3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL-8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR-γ, IL-1, and TNF-α, but not gene expression of IL-8.
Metoprolol. An updated review of its pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties, and therapeutic efficacy, in hypertension, ischaemic heart disease and related cardiovascular disorders.; During the intervening years since metoprolol was first reviewed in the Journal (1977), it has become widely used in the treatment of mild to moderate hypertension and angina pectoris. Although much data have accumulated, its precise mechanisms of action in these diseases remain largely uncertain. Optimum treatment of hypertension and angina pectoris with metoprolol is achieved through dose titration within the therapeutic range. It has been clearly demonstrated that metoprolol is at least as effective as other beta-blockers, diuretics and certain calcium antagonists in the majority of patients. Although a twice daily dosage regimen is normally used, satisfactory control can be maintained in many patients with single daily doses of conventional or, more frequently, slow release formulations. Addition of a diuretic may improve the overall response rate in hypertension. Several controlled trials have studied the effects of metoprolol administered during the acute phase and after myocardial infarction. In early intervention trials a reduction in total mortality was achieved in one moderately large trial of prolonged treatment, but in another, which excluded patients already being treated with beta-blockers or certain calcium antagonists and where treatment was only short term, mortality was significantly reduced only in 'high risk' patients. Overall results with metoprolol have not demonstrated that early intervention treatment in all patients produces clinically important improvement in short term mortality. Thus, the use of metoprolol during the early stages of myocardial infarction is controversial, largely because of the requirement to treat all patients to save a small number at 'high risk'. This blanket coverage approach to treatment may be more justified during the post-infarction follow-up phase since it has been shown that metoprolol slightly, but significantly, reduces the mortality rate for periods of up to 3 years. Metoprolol is generally well tolerated and its beta 1-selectivity may facilitate its administration to certain patients (e.g. asthmatics and diabetics) in whom non-selective beta-blockers are contraindicated. Temporary fatigue, dizziness and headache are among the most frequently reported side effects. After a decade of use, metoprolol is well established as a first choice drug in mild to moderate hypertension and stable angina, and is beneficial in post-infarction patients. Further study is needed in less well established areas of treatment such as cardiac arrhythmias, idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy and hypertensive cardiomegaly.
Long interpregnancy interval and adverse perinatal outcomes: A retrospective cohort study.; We conducted a retrospective cohort study of 9,552 women experiencing their second delivery between 2014 and 2016 at the International Peace Maternity and Child Health Hospital to investigate the association between the interpregnancy interval (IPI) and adverse perinatal outcomes. With the 12-23-mon IPI as the reference category, logistic regression analyzes were used to examine associations between different IPIs (<12, 12-23, 24-59, 60-119, and ≥120 mon) and perinatal outcomes (gestational diabetes mellitus, premature membrane rupture, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, low birth weight, and macrosomia). Compared with the 12-23-mon IPI category, women with longer IPIs had a higher risk of adverse perinatal outcomes, and those with an IPI ≥120 mon had the highest risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and premature membrane rupture (adjusted odds ratio (OR) 1.76, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.32-2.35 and adjusted OR 2.03, 95% CI 1.53-2.67, respectively). These results indicate that a longer IPI is associated with a higher risk of adverse perinatal outcomes and an IPI of ≥120 mon appears to be independently associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and premature membrane rupture.
Prepregnancy Migraine, Migraine Phenotype, and Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Migraine is a highly prevalent neurovascular disorder among reproductive-aged women. Whether migraine history and migraine phenotype might serve as clinically useful markers of obstetric risk is not clear. The primary objective of this study was to examine associations of prepregnancy migraine and migraine phenotype with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We estimated associations of self-reported physician-diagnosed migraine and migraine phenotype with adverse pregnancy outcomes in the prospective Nurses' Health Study II (1989-2009). Log-binomial and log-Poisson models with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% CIs for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and low birthweight. RESULTS: The analysis included 30,555 incident pregnancies after cohort enrollment among 19,694 participants without a history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or cancer. After adjusting for age, adiposity, and other health and behavioral factors, prepregnancy migraine (11%) was associated with higher risks of preterm delivery (RR = 1.17; 95% CI = 1.05-1.30), gestational hypertension (RR = 1.28; 95% CI = 1.11-1.48), and preeclampsia (RR = 1.40; 95% CI = 1.19-1.65) compared with no migraine. Migraine was not associated with low birthweight (RR = 0.99; 95% CI = 0.85-1.16) or GDM (RR = 1.05; 95% CI = 0.91-1.22). Risk of preeclampsia was somewhat higher among participants with migraine with aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.51; 95% CI = 1.22-1.88) than migraine without aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.30; 95% CI = 1.04-1.61; p-heterogeneity = 0.32), whereas other outcomes were similar by migraine phenotype. Participants with migraine who reported regular prepregnancy aspirin use had lower risks of preterm delivery (<2×/week RR = 1.24; 95% CI = 1.11-1.38; ≥2×/week RR = 0.55; 95% CI = 0.35-0.86; p-interaction < 0.01) and preeclampsia (<2×/week RR = 1.48; 95% CI = 1.25-1.75; ≥2×/week RR = 1.10; 95% CI = 0.62-1.96; p-interaction = 0.39); however, power for these stratified analyses was limited. DISCUSSION: Migraine history, and to a lesser extent migraine phenotype, appear to be important considerations in obstetric risk assessment and management. Future research should determine whether aspirin prophylaxis may be beneficial for preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant individuals with a history of migraine.
Distribution of placental grade in high-risk gravidas.; One hundred twenty-eight high-risk gravidas and 62 normal gravidas who had undergone placental sonography were compared retrospectively according to placental grade, risk category, and stage of pregnancy at the time of the examination. Pregnancies ranged from 28 weeks of gestation to term. For analysis, the group of high-risk patients was subdivided into four categories representing specific disease states: chronic hypertension and/or preeclampsia, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal diabetes, and Rh sensitization. To eliminate gestational age bias, both the normal group and the high-risk subgroups were further subdivided into preterm and term pregnancies. Placental grade distribution was similar between the high-risk group overall and the normal group, but specific disease entities were associated with widely varying distributions of placental grade. In particular, hypertension and intrauterine growth retardation showed a strong correlation with accelerated placental maturation, whereas diabetes and Rh sensitization were associated with delayed maturation of the placenta. These differences were more pronounced in the preterm population.
Long-Term Consequences of Placental Vascular Pathology on the Maternal and Offspring Cardiovascular Systems.; Over the last thirty years, evidence has been accumulating that Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy (HDP) and, specifically, Preeclampsia (PE) produce not only long-term effects on the pregnant woman, but have also lasting consequences for the fetus. At the core of these consequences is the phenomenon known as defective deep placentation, being present in virtually every major obstetrical syndrome. The profound placental vascular lesions characteristic of this pathology can induce long-term adverse consequences for the pregnant woman's entire arterial system. In addition, placental growth restriction and function can, in turn, cause a decreased blood supply to the fetus, with long-lasting effects. Women with a history of HDP have an increased risk of Cardiovascular Diseases (CVD) compared with women with normal pregnancies. Specifically, these subjects are at a future higher risk of: Hypertension; Coronary artery disease; Heart failure; Peripheral vascular disease; Cerebrovascular accidents (Stroke); CVD-related mortality. Vascular pathology in pregnancy and CVD may share a common etiology and may have common risk factors, which are unmasked by the "stress" of pregnancy. It is also possible that the future occurrence of a CVD may be the consequence of endothelial dysfunction generated by pregnancy-induced hypertension that persists after delivery. Although biochemical and biophysical markers of PE abound, information on markers for a comparative evaluation in the various groups is still lacking. Long-term consequences for the fetus are an integral part of the theory of a fetal origin of a number of adult diseases, known as the Barker hypothesis. Indeed, intrauterine malnutrition and fetal growth restriction represent significant risk factors for the development of chronic hypertension, diabetes, stroke and death from coronary artery disease in adults. Other factors will also influence the development later in life of hypertension, coronary and myocardial disease; they include parental genetic disposition, epigenetic modifications, endothelial dysfunction, concurrent intrauterine exposures, and the lifestyle of the affected individual.
Breastfeeding and diabetes.; The present review outlines the role of breastfeeding in diabetes. In the mother, breastfeeding has been suggested to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, it appears to reduce the risk of premenopausal breast cancer and ovarian cancer. In the neonate and infant, among other benefits, lactation confers protection from future both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Whether lactation protects women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring from future T2DM remains to be answered. Importantly, for diabetic mothers, antidiabetic treatment itself may affect breastfeeding. There is not enough data to allow the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents. Therefore, insulin currently remains the optimal antidiabetic treatment during lactation. In conclusion, breastfeeding could be considered a modifiable risk factor for the development of diabetes and even a potential protective lifestyle measure from future cardio-metabolic and malignant diseases. Therefore, health care professionals should encourage both women with and without diabetes to breastfeed their children.
Gestational diabetes mellitus impairs Nrf2-mediated adaptive antioxidant defenses and redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in utero.; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life, yet the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated. We examined the effects of GDM on the proteome, redox status, and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-mediated antioxidant gene expression in human fetal endothelial cells. Proteomic analysis revealed that proteins involved in redox homeostasis were significantly altered in GDM and associated with increased mitochondrial superoxide generation, protein oxidation, DNA damage, and diminished glutathione (GSH) synthesis. In GDM cells, the lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) failed to induce nuclear Nrf2 accumulation and mRNA and/or protein expression of Nrf2 and its target genes NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), Bach1, cystine/glutamate transporter, and glutamate cysteine ligase. Although methylation of CpG islands in Nrf2 or NQO1 promoters was unaltered by GDM, decreased DJ-1 and increased phosphorylated glycogen synthase kinase 3β levels may account for impaired Nrf2 signaling. HNE-induced increases in GSH and NQO1 levels were abrogated by Nrf2 small interfering RNA in normal cells, and overexpression of Nrf2 in GDM cells partially restored NQO1 induction. Dysregulation of Nrf2 in fetal endothelium may contribute to the increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in offspring.
[Are diabetic angio- and neuropathies avoidable? (author's transl)].; By an early start of a good and consistently continued therapy, it is possible to slow for several decades the evolution of diabetic angio- and neuropathy and to keep them so mild that, even after 30 and 40 years duration of diabetes, the majority of well controlled patients preserve normal, age adjusted activity. The influence of good control of the diabetes on long-term diabetes, on micro- and macroangiopathy, on the duration of diabetes, on the fitness of the patient, on growth of diabetic children, on the outcome of pregnancy in diabetic women are reported. A rare, special benign form of diabetes is mentioned.
Diabetes mellitus in the era of climate change.; Worldwide, diabetes mellitus (DM) represents a major public-health problem due to its increasing prevalence in tandem with the rising trend of obesity. However, climate change, with its associated negative health effects, also constitutes a worrisome problem. Patients with DM are experiencing more visits to emergency departments, hospitalizations, morbidity and mortality during heat waves at ever-increasing numbers. Such patients are particularly vulnerable to heat waves due to impaired thermoregulatory mechanisms in conjunction with impaired autonomous nervous system responses at high temperatures, electrolyte imbalances and rapid deterioration of kidney function, particularly among those aged > 80 years and with preexisting chronic kidney disease (CKD). Moreover, exposure to cold temperatures is associated with increased rates of acute myocardial infarction as well as poor glycaemic control, although results are conflicting regarding cold-related mortality among patients with DM. In addition to extremes of temperature, air pollution as a consequence of the climate crisis may also be implicated in the increased prevalence and incidence of DM, particularly gestational DM (GDM), and lead to deleterious effects in patients with DM. Thus, more large-scale studies are now required to elucidate the association between specific air pollutants and risk of DM. This review presents the currently available evidence for the detrimental effects of climate change, particularly those related to weather variables, on patients with DM (both type 1 and type 2) and GDM. Specifically, the effects of heat waves and extreme cold, and pharmaceutical and therapeutic issues and their implications, as well as the impact of air pollution on the risk for DM are synthesized and discussed here.
Gestational diabetes is associated with postpartum hemorrhage in Indigenous Australian women in the PANDORA study: A prospective cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To assess associations of hyperglycemia in pregnancy with the risk of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) in a prospective cohort of Indigenous and non-Indigenous women, compared with normoglycemia. METHODS: Data were from 1102 (48% Indigenous) women of the Pregnancy And Neonatal Diabetes Outcomes in Remote Australia (PANDORA) Study. Age-adjusted associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or pre-existing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obstetric and demographic covariables with PPH (blood loss ≥500 ml) were assessed using logistic regression. Multivariable-adjusted models included Indigenous ethnicity, diabetes type and their interaction. RESULTS: A higher proportion of Indigenous women developed PPH than non-Indigenous women (32% versus 22%; P < 0.001). Compared with non-Indigenous women with normoglycemia, risks of PPH for Indigenous women with GDM or T2DM were higher (odds ratio [OR] 1.83, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 1.11-3.02, and OR 1.72, 95% CI 0.99-3.00 after age adjustment, OR 1.84, 95% CI 1.06-3.19, and OR 1.33, 95% CI 0.70-2.54 after adjustment for school education and delivery mode, and OR 1.62, 95% CI 0.95-2.77, and OR 0.99, 95% CI 0.53-1.86 after adjustment for birth weight). Importantly, Indigenous women without hyperglycemia in pregnancy were not at increased risk of PPH. CONCLUSION: The significantly higher rates of PPH experienced by Indigenous women compared with non-Indigenous women may be explained by a greater effect of GDM among Indigenous women that was only partly accounted for by birth weight.
Association Between Diabetes During Pregnancy and Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: A Population-Level Analysis of 309,825 Women.; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of heart failure associated with pregnancy. The objectives of our study were to determine the incidence and outcomes (maternal and neonatal) of PPCM and its association with diabetes mellitus (DM) in a contemporary population-based cohort. METHODS: The cohort consisted of 309,825 women with a birth of at least 1 live newborn between January 01, 2005 and September 30, 2014, resulting in 469,150 birth events and 477,089 live newborns. A modified PPCM definition was used, allowing from 32 weeks' gestation and up to 6 months postpartum. Women were categorized according to DM status. RESULTS: A total of 194 PPCM birth events were identified, for an incidence rate of 1/2418 births. Women with PPCM were older, often primiparous, and more likely to have multiple gestations, pre-existing DM, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Although the overall numbers were low, the incidence of PPCM was higher in pregnancies in women with pre-existing DM (1/613 birth events) and gestational DM (1/1751 birth events) vs those with neither (1/2550 birth events). Over a mean follow-up of 3.9 years, the mortality rate was higher in women affected by PPCM than in those who were not, with few deaths overall. Neonatal death was uncommon in the entire cohort but was numerically greater in the PPCM group. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of PPCM in Alberta, Canada was approximately 1/2400 births and was modulated by the presence of DM in pregnancy. The relationship between DM status and PPCM may be confounded by other vascular risk factors, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. There were few maternal or neonatal deaths in the overall cohort, but they were numerically higher in the PPCM group.
Pilot study of EEG in neonates born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The goal was to evaluate whether there was neurodevelopmental deficits in newborns born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to control newborns born to healthy mothers. METHODS: Forty-six pregnant women (21 controls and 25 GDM) were recruited. Electroencephalogram (EEG) was recorded in the newborns within 48 h after birth. The EEG signal was quantitatively analyzed using power spectral density (PSD); coherence between hemispheres was calculated in paired channels of frontal, temporal, central and occipital regions. RESULTS: The left centro-occipital PSD in control newborns was 12% higher than in GDM newborns (p = 0.036) but was not significant after adjustment for gestational age. While coherence was higher in the frontal regions compared to the occipital regions (p < 0.001), there was no difference between the groups for the fronto-temporal, frontal-central, centro-occipital and tempo-occipital regions. CONCLUSION: Our results support that EEG differences between groups were mainly modified by gestational age and less by GDM status of the mothers. However, there is a need to confirm this result with a higher number of mother-newborns. Quantitative EEG in GDM newborns within 48 h after birth is feasible. This study emphasizes the importance of controlling blood glucose during GDM to protect infant brain development.
Gestational Diabetes and Health Behaviors Among Women: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2007-2014.; INTRODUCTION: Women with gestational diabetes are at 7 times greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes than are women without gestational diabetes. The objectives of this study were to examine recent changes in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus among women of reproductive age in the United States and assess the prevalence of factors associated with participating in healthy lifestyle behaviors. METHODS: Data were from 4 waves of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (2007-2014). Gestational diabetes was identified by participants' response to whether they were ever told by a health care professional that they had diabetes during pregnancy. The health behaviors were participation in physical activity, healthy dietary patterns (intake of cholesterol, sodium, and fiber within recommended guidelines), and smoking. The analytical sample included 3,034 women aged 20 to 44 years. Multivariate logistic regression was used to assess the association between gestational diabetes and health behaviors. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of gestational diabetes was 8.9% (95% confidence interval [CI], 7.6%-10.4%) during 2007-2014. The prevalence increased from 8.4% in 2007-2008 to 10.4% in 2013-2014, an increase of 24%, but the change was not significant (P = .28). The proportions of women meeting recommended guidelines for the health behaviors did not change significantly. We found no significant difference in practicing healthy behaviors between women with gestational diabetes and women without gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of gestational diabetes increased slightly in recent years, and women with the condition were generally not meeting guidelines for healthy behaviors. Coordinated interventions are needed to promote healthy lifestyle behaviors among women with gestational diabetes because they are at increased risk for diabetes.
Altered gut bacterial and metabolic signatures and their interaction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Emerging evidence indicates that the gut microbiome can modulate metabolic homeostasis, and thus may influence the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, whether and how the gut microbiome and its correlated metabolites change in GDM is uncertain. Herein we compare the gut microbial compositions, and fecal and urine metabolomes, of 59 patients with GDM versus 48 pregnant healthy controls (HCs). We showed that the microbial and metabolic signatures of GDM patients were significantly different from those of HCs. Compared to HCs, the GDM subjects were characterized by enriched bacterial operational taxonomic units (OTUs) of the family Lachnospiraceae, and depleted OTUs of the families Enterobacteriaceae and Ruminococcaceae. Some altered gut microbes were significantly correlated with glucose values and fetal ultrasonography indexes. Moreover, we identified four fecal and 15 urine metabolites that discriminate GDM from HC. These differential metabolites are mainly involved in carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism. Significantly, co-occurrence network analysis revealed that Lachnospiraceae and Enterobacteriaceae bacterial OTUs formed strong co-occurring relationships with metabolites involved in carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism, suggesting that disturbed gut microbiome may mediate GDM. Furthermore, we identified a novel combinatorial marker panel that could distinguish GDM from HC subjects with high accuracy. Together our findings demonstrate that altered microbial composition and metabolic function may be relevant to the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of GDM.
Environmental exposure to perfluoroalkyl substances in early pregnancy, maternal glucose homeostasis and the risk of gestational diabetes: A prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Humans are widely exposed to environmental perfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), which may affect glucose homeostasis. However, research linking PFAS exposure to glucose homeostasis during pregnancy is limited and the results were inconsistent. We aimed to investigate the association between PFAS exposure and glucose homeostasis in pregnancy in a large prospective cohort. METHODS: A total of 2747 pregnant women who participated in the Shanghai Birth Cohort, had blood samples in early pregnancy and completed a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 24-28 gestational weeks were included. 10 PFAS were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC/MS-MS) in the plasma samples in early pregnancy. Logistic regression was used to explore the associations between PFAS concentrations and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), while multiple linear regression was used to model the associations between PFAS and OGTT fasting, 1-h and 2-h glucose levels. Potential confounders were adjusted. Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) and a quantile-based g-computation approach (qgcomp) were employed to explore the joint and independent effects of PFAS on glucose homeostasis. RESULTS: The incidence of GDM was 11.8%. One log-unit increment in plasma concentrations in early pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of GDM for perfluorobutane sulfonate (PFBS) (adjusted odd ratio (aOR) = 1.23, 95% confidence interval (95% CI): 1.05, 1.44) and perfluoroheptanoic acid (PFHpA) (aOR = 1.25, 95% CI: 1.07, 1.46). Perfluorooctane sulfonic acid (PFOS), perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA), perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA), perfluorohexanesulfonate (PFHxS) and PFHpA were positively correlated with 1-h and 2-h glucose levels. Results of the mixed exposure model showed that the joint effects of PFAS were significantly associated with abnormal glucose homeostasis; In the BKMR model, PFAS mixture exposure was positively associated with the GDM incidence, 1-h and 2-h glucose levels and negatively correlated with FBG level. A similar trend could be observed in qgcomp and the positive correlation between PFAS and 2-h glucose level was significant (β = 0.12, 95% CI: 0.04, 0.20). PFOS, PFNA and PFHpA may be the main contributors after controlling for other PFAS congeners. PFOS was significantly correlated with GDM incidence and 2-h glucose level, and PFHpA was significantly associated with FBG and 2-h glucose levels. The above associations were more prominent among women with a normal prepregnant BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Environmental exposure to PFAS may affect glucose homeostasis in pregnancy and increase the risk of GDM, especially in normal weight women.
Unfavorable cytokine and adhesion molecule profiles during and after pregnancy, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. AIMS: To assess the relationships between components of the metabolic syndrome and cytokine and adhesion molecule levels in women with GDM during pregnancy and after delivery. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective case-control study on a sample of 126 pregnant women (63 with and 63 without gestational diabetes mellitus). In an intra-subject analysis, 41 women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and 21 controls were re-assessed in the postpartum period. Clinical data and levels of cytokines and adhesion molecules were recorded during weeks 24-29 of pregnancy and 12 months after delivery. RESULTS: In the postpartum period, there were significantly higher levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha in both cases and controls, and of adiponectin in controls. Cases showed higher leptin levels, with no significant differences during and after pregnancy. No significant differences were seen in adhesion molecules and interleukin-6 between cases and controls during pregnancy and in the postpartum period, but levels of both were higher in cases. During pregnancy and after delivery, adiponectin decreased in cases and increased in controls. Significant positive correlations were seen between adiponectin and fasting blood glucose levels and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, and also between leptin and tumor necrosis factor alpha levels. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that increased inflammation and transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy would represent a latent form of metabolic syndrome, with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and future cardiovascular disease.
Maternal exposure to diets containing flaxseed flour or flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation protects the aortic remodeling in adult male offspring of diabetic rat dams.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular complications in the fetus and extends into adulthood. Therapeutic applications of flaxseed have been studied in cardiovascular disorders, because its oilseed is the best plant source of omega-3 fatty acid, which is currently considered by researchers to be an essential protective against cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and oil on cardiovascular biochemical parameters and the histoarchitecture of the aorta in adult rats which were offspring of diabetic mothers. RESULTS: At 100 days of age in offspring it was observed that maternal consumption of a high-fat diet containing flaxseed oil (FOG) and flaxseed flour (FFG) did not affect the serum concentration of monocyte chemoattractant protein-1, vascular endothelial growth factor, cholesterol, triglycerides, high-density-, low-density- or very-low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. However, the thickness of the intima media layer of the aorta was significantly smaller in FOG and FFG groups; the lumen area was similar among the groups; and a higher percentage of elastic fiber was found in FOG and FFG groups. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that the use of both flaxseed flour and its oil reduces the remodeling of the aorta; however; it has not been possible to modify the cardiovascular biochemical parameters.
Maternal cardiovascular disease risk factors as predictors of preterm birth in California: a case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors predict preterm birth. DESIGN: Case control. SETTING: California hospitals. PARTICIPANTS: 868 mothers with linked demographic information and biospecimens who delivered singleton births from July 2009 to December 2010. METHODS: Logistic regression analysis was employed to calculate odds ratios for the associations between maternal CVD risk factors before and during pregnancy (including diabetes, hypertensive disorders and cholesterol levels) and preterm birth outcomes. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Preterm delivery status. RESULTS: Adjusting for the other maternal CVD risk factors of interest, all categories of hypertension led to increased odds of preterm birth, with the strongest magnitude observed in the pre-eclampsia group (adjusted OR (aOR), 13.49; 95% CI 6.01 to 30.27 for preterm birth; aOR, 10.62; 95% CI 4.58 to 24.60 for late preterm birth; aOR, 17.98; 95% CI 7.55 to 42.82 for early preterm birth) and chronic hypertension alone for early preterm birth (aOR, 4.58; 95% CI 1.40 to 15.05). Diabetes (types 1 and 2 and gestational) was also associated with threefold increased risk for preterm birth (aOR, 3.06; 95% CI 1.12 to 8.41). A significant and linear dose response was found between total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and aORs for late and early preterm birth, with increasing cholesterol values associated with increased risk (likelihood χ(2) differences of 8.422 and 8.019 for total cholesterol for late and early, and 9.169 and 10.896 for LDL for late and early, respectively). Receiver operating characteristic curves using these risk factors to predict late and early preterm birth produced C statistics of 0.601 and 0.686. CONCLUSION: Traditional CVD risk factors are significantly associated with an increased risk of preterm birth; these findings reinforce the clinical importance of integrating obstetric and cardiovascular risk assessment across the healthcare continuum in women.
Fetal Cardiac Function at Midgestation in Women Who Subsequently Develop Gestational Diabetes.; IMPORTANCE: Fetuses in women with gestational diabetes (GD) compared with those without GD show evidence of subclinical cardiac functional and morphological changes. However, it is uncertain whether glycemia or the adverse maternal underlying risk factor profile is the main driver for fetal cardiac remodeling. OBJECTIVE: To assess cardiac morphology and function at midgestation in fetuses of mothers prior to development of GD and compare them with those of unaffected controls. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: During this prospective nonintervention screening study at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation, fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants. Pregnancy complications were obtained from the medical records of the women. Fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants at Harris Birthright Research Institute at King's College Hospital, London, United Kingdom. Participants included pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who attended their routine fetal ultrasound examination at midgestation and agreed to participate in the Advanced Cardiovascular Imaging Study in pregnancy. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES: Comparison of fetal cardiac morphology and function between mothers who subsequently developed GD and those who did not develop GD. METHODS: This was a prospective nonintervention screening study of 5620 women with singleton pregnancies at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricle. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity index. RESULTS: The 5620 included patients had a mean age of 33.6 years. In 470 cases, the women were diagnosed with GD after the midgestation echocardiographic assessment (8.4%). Women with GD, compared with the non-GD group, were older, had higher BMI, higher prevalence of family history of diabetes, non-White ethnicity, chronic hypertension, and GD in a previous pregnancy. In fetuses of the GD group compared with the non-GD group, there was mild increase in interventricular millimeter thickness (0.04; 95% CI, 0.03-0.06 mm) and left atrial area (0.04; 95% CI, 0.04-0.05), whereas left and right functional indices were comparable between groups with the exception of left ventricular ejection fraction, which was marginally improved in the GD group (0.02; 95% CI, 0.03-0.03). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This study demonstrates that prior to development of GD, there was mild alteration in fetal cardiac morphology without affecting cardiac function. This suggests that the adverse maternal risk factor profile and not only the glycemia might contribute to cardiac remodeling noted in fetuses of women with GD.
The adverse effect of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy on maternal-perinatal outcomes among singleton and twin pregnancies: a retrospective cohort study (2011-2019).; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are the predominant pregnancy complications among singleton and twin pregnancies worldwide. Our primary objective was to explore the adverse effect of GDM and HDP on maternal-perinatal outcomes compared with non-GDM and non-HDP in singleton and twin pregnancies. The secondary objective was to find the risk of adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes in twin pregnancies compared with singleton pregnancies complicated with GDM and HDP in Hubei, China. METHODS: A tertiary hospital-based retrospective study was conducted at Wuhan University Renmin Hospital, Hubei Province, China, from 2011 to 2019. A chi-square test was used to determine the difference in adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes between singleton and twin pregnancies. A multiple binary logistic regression model and a joinpoint regression model were used to determine the association of GDM and HDP with adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes and GDM and HDP temporal trend among singleton and twin pregnancies. RESULTS: The trend of HDP [average annual percentage change (AAPC) 15.1% (95% confidence interval (95%CI): 5.3, 25.7)] among singleton pregnancies and GDM [AAPC 50.4% (95%CI: 19.9, 88.7)] among twin pregnancies significantly increased from 2011 to 2019. After adjusting for confounding factors, GDM is associated with an increased risk of C-section (adjusted odds ratio (aOR), 1.5; 95%CI: 1.3, 1.6) and macrosomia (aOR, 1.3; 95%CI: 1.1, 1.6) in singleton and preterm birth (PTB) (aOR, 2.1; 95%CI: 1.2, 3.3) in twin pregnancies compared with non-GDM. HDP was associated with a higher risk of C-section, PTB, perinatal mortality, and low birth weight (LBW) in both singleton and twin pregnancies compared with the non-HDP. Compared with singleton pregnancies complicated with GDM and HDP, twin pregnancies showed higher odds of C-section [(aOR, 1.7; 95%CI: 1.1, 2.7), (aOR, 4.6; 95%CI: 2.5, 8.7), respectively], PTB [(aOR, 22.9; 95%CI: 14.1, 37.3), (aOR, 8.1; 95%CI: 5.3, 12.3), respectively], LBW [(aOR, 12.1; 95%CI: 8.2, 18.1), (aOR, 5.1; 95%CI: 3.6, 7.4), respectively], and low Apgar score [(aOR, 8.2; 95%CI: 4.4, 15.1), (aOR, 3.8; 95%CI: 2.4, 5.8), respectively] complicated with GDM and HDP. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, GDM showed an increased risk of a few adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes and HDP is associated with a higher risk of several adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes in singleton and twin pregnancies compared to non-GDM and non-HDP. Moreover, twin pregnancies complicated with GDM and HDP showed higher odds of adverse maternal-neonatal outcomes compared with singleton pregnancies complicated with GDM and HDP.
Cited2 participates in cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart abnormality.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for abnormal heart development, but the molecular basis remains obscure. To further analyze this, the hyperglycemia rat and cell model were established in this study. The results showed that hyperglycemic rats gained significantly less weight during gestation than controls. The number of embryos per litter was significantly reduced in diabetic mothers compared to controls. Ventricular wall thickness was often decreased in the diabetic offspring and cardiomyocyte apoptosis participated in ventricular wall thinness. Our results also indicated that Cited2 expression decreased in the heart tissues of diabetic-exposed embryos comparing with the control. The vitro results showed that down-regulation of Cited2 was associated with high glucose-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes in vitro. Over-expression of Cited2 gene restrained the cardiomyocyte apoptosis induced by high glucose. Furthermore, Cited2 S192G mutation partly inhibited the capacity of Cited2 to suppress apoptosis induced by high glucose in cardiomyocytes. This showed the critical role of Cited2 in high glucose-induced cardiomyocytes apoptosis. Data from this study found the association of Cited2 down regulation with cardiomyocytes apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced ventricular wall thinness genesis.
Digitalis-like factor and digoxin-like immunoreactive factor in diabetic women with preeclampsia, transient hypertension of pregnancy, and normotensive pregnancy.; An endogenous sodium pump inhibitor, or digitalis-like factor (DLF), has been postulated to mediate essential hypertension. It may also play a role in preeclampsia. However, studies of this factor in hypertensive pregnancy have not provided consistent findings. Part of this may be due to the absence of subclassification of pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) when assessing these parameters. In this study we explored serum DLF and digoxin-like immunoreactive factor (DLIF) in insulin-dependent diabetic (IDDM) women with normotensive pregnancies or PIH, comparing them to each other and to nondiabetic pregnant women. Our results demonstrated that nondiabetic women with preeclampsia (PE, PIH with proteinuria) had significantly increased serum DLF and DLIF compared to normotensive pregnant women (NL BP). Women with transient hypertension of pregnancy (THP, PIH without proteinuria) had intermediate values (DLF. NL BP: 3.3 +/- 0.6, THP: 4.8 +/- 1.1, PE: 7.6 +/- 1.3% inhibition [Na,K]-ATPase, P < .05 ANOVA; DLIF. NL BP: 0.22 +/- 0.02, THP: 0.28 +/- 0.03, PE: 0.35 +/- 0.02 ng digoxin equivalents/mL, P < .05 ANOVA). Pregnant normotensive IDDM women had significantly higher serum DLF and DLIF activity than their nondiabetic counterparts (DLF. non-IDDM NL BP: 3.3 +/- 0.6 v IDDM NL BP: 8.8 +/- 1.2% inhibition [Na,K]-ATPase, P = .0008; DLIF. non-IDDM NL BP: 0.22 +/- 0.02 v IDDM NL BP: 0.31 +/- 0.02 ng digoxin equivalents/mL, P = .005).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Association between sleep duration during pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus: a meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Sleep is critical for glucose metabolism. Pregnant women often have sleep disturbances and extreme sleep duration. Investigations of the relationship between sleep duration during pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have reported inconsistent results. The present study aimed to meta-analyze the relationship between sleep duration during pregnancy and GDM risk. METHODS: We performed a systematic search of the PubMed, ISI Web of Science, and PsycINFO databases for studies that were published up to October 2017, that reported associations between sleep duration during pregnancy and GDM risk. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated as the effect sizes for all studies. Heterogeneity and potential publication biases were assessed. RESULTS: A total of 4366 papers were retrieved, among which seven studies assessed the relationship between sleep duration during pregnancy and GDM development. The seven articles included 18,203 subjects at baseline and 1294 GDM cases during follow-up. Compared to normal sleep duration, extreme sleep duration during early and middle pregnant stages had a close relationship with GDM based upon pooled data from prospective and cross-sectional studies. Prospective results showed that long sleep duration during pregnancy was a risk factor for GDM, but not short sleep duration. Publication biases were found when analyzing the relationship between extreme sleep duration and GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Extreme sleep duration during pregnancy is closely associated with GDM. Moreover, long but not short sleep duration can predict the risk of developing GDM. These findings remind us of the importance of sleep duration control during pregnancy and help optimize early strategies for the prevention of GDM.
Effect of maternal diabetes on response to hypoxia in the newborn rabbit.; We tested the hypothesis that maternal diabetes is associated with a decreased ability of the newborn to tolerate hypoxia by measuring the time to last gasp of rabbit pups born to diabetic and control does and placed in 100% N2. Rabbits were made diabetic by injection of 100 mg/kg alloxan i.v. The alloxan-treated mothers had significantly elevated blood glucose during pregnancy and at delivery (132 vs. 90 mg/dl, p less than 0.001). Pups were delivered at 30 day's gestation by hysterectomy under local anesthesia. Half of each litter were immediately sacrificed and the remaining pups placed in 100% Ns. The pups from the alloxan-treated mothers showed a higher pre-asphyxial mean blood glucose (97 vs. 73 mg/dl, p less than 0.025) and a lower mean survival time (18.4 vs. 21.1 min, p less than 0.005).
Vascular function in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; It is hypothesised that vascular dysfunction, which characterises type 2 diabetes, may predate development of hyperglycaemia. 17 women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, and thus at risk of developing type 2 diabetes, were matched with normal controls for body mass index, menstrual phase, smoking, age, blood pressure, and lipid profiles. All had normal glucose tolerance. Tests of microvascular and macrovascular function, including endothelium-dependent and -independent vasodilatation, were performed. Laser Doppler fluximetry of maximum skin microvascular hyperaemia in response to local heating of the dorsum of the foot to 42 degrees C for 30 min was impaired in subjects compared to controls [subjects = 1.15 (0.73-1.73) V median (range) versus controls = 1.50 (0.95-2.29) V, p = 0.008]. There were no differences in laser Doppler perfusion imaging of responses to forearm skin iontophoresis of acetylcholine [subjects = 1.59 (0.32-2.55) V median (range) versus controls = 1.79 (0.72-2.06) V; p = 0.81] and sodium nitroprusside [subjects = 1.39 (0.8-3.14) V versus controls = 1.41 (0.34-2.19) V; p = 0.68], ultrasound estimation of brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation [subjects = 1.65 (-0.5-9.07)% versus controls = 2.77 (0.63-6.6)%; p = 0.42] and glyceryl trinitrate-induced dilatation [subjects = 15.20 (6.64-20.91)% versus controls = 15.92 (3.94-22.09)%; p = 0.48]. Microvascular maximum hyperaemia was impaired in the index group, suggesting the presence of a defect in vascular function. This defect was not explained by those aspects of endothelial function measured by the other techniques.
Gestational diabetes mellitus enhances arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in placental phospholipids.; In previous studies, we reported that neonates of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have reduced blood levels of arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) that were unrelated to maternal status. Since both AA and DHA are selectively transferred from maternal to fetal circulation by the placenta, we have investigated whether the FA composition of the placenta is altered by GDM. Thirty-six women, 11 with and 25 without GDM, were recruited from Newham General Hospital, London. The women with GDM had higher levels of di-homo-gamma-linolenic (P < 0.05), docosatetraenoic (n-6 DTA; P< 0.0001), docosapentaenoic n-6 (P< 0.005), total n-6 (P < 0.005), docosapentaenoic (n-3 DPA; P < 0.005), and total n-3 (P < 0.01) FA, as well as higher levels of AA (P < 0.05) and DHA (P < 0.01), in placental choline phosphoglycerides (CPG) compared with the healthy women who served as controls. Similarly, the women with GDM had elevated n-6 DTA (P < 0.005), AA, total n-6 metabolites (P < 0.05), DHA, total n-3 metabolites, and total n-3 FA (P < 0.005) in ethanolamine phosphoglycerides (EPG). In contrast to CPG and EPG, the placental TG of the women with GDM had higher linoleic acid (P< 0.05) and lower AA, n-6 metabolites, and n-3 DPA (P < 0.01). The placenta is devoid of desaturase activity, and it is thought to be reliant on maternal circulation for both AA and DHA. Hence, the enhanced levels of the two FA in the placenta of the GDM group suggests that these FA are taken up from the maternal circulation and retained after esterification into phosphoglycerides instead of being transferred to the fetus. Further study is needed to elucidate the mechanism involved and the effect of the phenomenon on postnatal growth and development of the offspring.
Absent or reversed end-diastolic flow in the umbilical artery: outcome at a community hospital.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the peripartum outcome and risk factors for neonatal death among pregnancies complicated with umbilical arterial absent end diastolic or reverse flow (AREDF UA), in a community hospital. STUDY DESIGN: The inclusion criteria of this retrospective analysis were: AREDF UA detected and managed at a community hospital. RESULTS: During the 46 months, 50 cases of AREDF UA were detected and the pregnancies were complicated by hypertensive disease in 52%, twins in 26%, and diabetes mellitus in 14%. Excluding four (8%) stillbirths of non-anomalous fetuses, nine newborns died and the significant differences between those who died and lived (n = 36) were: oligohydramnios (odds ratio [OR] 34.00, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 4.65, 248.50), non-immune hydrops (OR 24.33, 95% CI 1.01, 560.60) and respiratory distress syndrome (OR 7.00, 95% CI 1.27, 38.59). CONCLUSIONS: The risk factors for neonatal mortality with AREDF UA are oligohydramnios, non-immune hydrops, or respiratory distress syndrome.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus after gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, but the risk and time of onset have not been fully quantified. We therefore did a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the strength of association between these conditions and the effect of factors that might modify the risk. METHODS: We identified cohort studies in which women who had developed type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes were followed up between Jan 1, 1960, and Jan 31, 2009, from Embase and Medline. 205 relevant reports were hand searched. We selected 20 studies that included 675 455 women and 10 859 type 2 diabetic events. We calculated and pooled unadjusted relative risks (RRs) with 95% CIs for each study using a random-effects model. Subgroups analysed were the number of cases of type 2 diabetes, ethnic origin, duration of follow-up, maternal age, body-mass index, and diagnostic criteria. FINDINGS: Women with gestational diabetes had an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes compared with those who had a normoglycaemic pregnancy (RR 7.43, 95% CI 4.79-11.51). Although the largest study (659 164 women; 9502 cases of type 2 diabetes) had the largest RR (12.6, 95% CI 12.15-13.19), RRs were generally consistent among the subgroups assessed. INTERPRETATION: Increased awareness of the magnitude and timing of the risk of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes among patients and clinicians could provide an opportunity to test and use dietary, lifestyle, and pharmacological interventions that might prevent or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes in affected women. FUNDING: None.
Noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive gravidae with gestational diabetes.; AIM: Carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT), hyperhomocysteinemia, microalbuminuria, and nitric oxide reflect subclinical atherosclerosis and predict the risk of future cardiovascular events. We aimed to evaluate the presence of subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) noninvasively. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We enrolled 41 normotensive patients with GDM and 44 healthy gravidae in the study. Serum homocysteine and nitric oxide levels, urinary albumin excretion (microalbuminuria), and CIMT were evaluated along with lipid parameters and anthropometric measurements. RESULTS: Patients with GDM had significantly higher levels of serum homocysteine, urinary albumin excretion, and increased CIMT (p < 0.001, p=0.005, and p < 0.001, respectively). Nitric oxide levels were significantly reduced in the patient group (p < 0.001). There was a significant difference between groups in terms of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) but not of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglyceride levels. A significant correlation was observed between CIMT and serum LDL, HDL, homocysteine, nitric oxide levels, and urinary albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was significantly correlated with serum homocysteine levels (p=0.03) but not with nitric oxide. CONCLUSION: Independent of elevated blood pressure, subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction exist in normotensive patients with GDM. Further studies with a large number of participants are required to clarify these data.
Placental and fetal Doppler velocimetry in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to investigate placental and fetal circulation in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus and to relate any changes to fetal blood pH, Po2, and hematocrit. STUDY DESIGN: Doppler measurements of both uterine arteries, one umbilical artery, the fetal descending thoracic aorta, and one fetal middle cerebral artery were performed in 65 well-controlled diabetic pregnancies in a cross-sectional study at the Harris Birthright Research Centre for Fetal Medicine, London. In 41 cases cordocentesis was also performed for the measurement of umbilical venous blood pH, Po2, and hematocrit. RESULTS: The mean umbilical venous blood pH was significantly lower and the hematocrit significantly higher than the appropriate normal mean for gestation. However, the Doppler indices of the placental and fetal circulations were essentially normal, except in some of the cases complicated by preeclampsia or intrauterine growth retardation. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes mellitus is not associated with abnormalities in Doppler indexes of the placental or fetal circulations.
Visfatin level and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; It is reported that elevated visfatin level is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, the relationship between visfatin level and GDM remains controversial. The aim of our study was to systematically review available literature linking visfatin to GDM for a comprehensive understanding of the relationship between circulating visfatin level and GDM in human. PubMed, The Cochrane Library and Web of Science were searched for studies published up to July 2020. Standard mean difference with 95% confidence interval was calculated to evaluate the relationship between visfatin level and GDM using the Review Manager 5.3 and Stata 12.0. The evidence indicated that no significant difference was observed in the level of circulating visfatin between the women with GDM and normal glucose tolerance, suggesting circulating visfatin level is not independently related to GDM. Nevertheless, visfatin is involved in the development of GDM in obese women.
Pre-pregnancy health of women with pre-existing diabetes or previous gestational diabetes: Analysis of pregnancy risk factors and behavioural data from a digital tool.; AIMS: To examine health behaviours and risk factors in women with pre-existing diabetes or previous gestational diabetes mellitus who are planning pregnancy. METHODS: Health behaviour, risk factor and demographic data obtained from a digital pregnancy planning advisory tool (Tommy's charity UK) were analysed. Descriptive statistical analysis was performed, stratified by diabetes type. RESULTS: Data from 84,359 women, including 668 with type 1 diabetes, 707 with type 2 diabetes and 1785 with previous gestational diabetes obtained over a 12-month period (September 2019-September 2020) were analysed. 65%, 95%CI (61,68%) of women with type 2 diabetes and 46%, 95%CI (43,48%) with previous gestational diabetes were obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2) ), compared with 26%, 95%CI (26,26%) without diabetes. Use of folic acid supplements was low; 41%, 95%CI (40,41%) of women without diabetes and 42%, 95%CI (40,45%) with previous gestational diabetes reported taking folic acid (any dose) while 47%, 95%CI (43.50%) women with type 1 diabetes and 44%, 95%CI (40,47%) women with type 2 diabetes respectively reported taking the recommended dose (5 mg). More women with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes reported smoking (20%, 95%CI [17,23%] and 23%, 95%CI [20,26%] respectively) and taking illicit/recreational drugs (7%, 95%CI [6,10%] and 9%, 95% CI [7,11%]) compared to women without diabetes (smoking 17%, 95% CI [16,17%], drug use 5%, 95%CI [5,5%]). Alcohol consumption, low levels of physical activity and of fruit and vegetable intake were also evident. CONCLUSIONS: This study highlights the potential of online pregnancy planning advisory tools to reach high-risk women and emphasises the need to improve pre-pregnancy care for women with pre-existing diabetes and previous gestational diabetes, many of whom are actively seeking advice. It is also the first to describe pre-pregnancy health behaviours in women with previous gestational diabetes.
A Common R219K Variant of ATP-Binding Cassette Transporter A1 Gene Alters Atherometabolic Traits in Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) has important roles in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) metabolism and reverse cholesterol transport, and is implicated in lipid-related disorders. Genetic variants are involved in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The objective of this study was to investigate the association of rs2230806 (R219K), a single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) in the lipid-related gene, with the risk of GDM and related traits. METHODS: The SNP, rs2230806, was genotyped, and clinical and metabolic parameters were determined in 660 GDM patients and 1,097 control subjects. Genetic associations with related traits were also analyzed. RESULTS: The genotype distributions were similar in GDM patients and normal controls. However, significant differences in the variables examined in the study subjects were noted across the three genotypes. The genotype at the rs2230806 polymorphism was significantly associated with HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) levels and atherogenic index (AI) values in GDM patients and total cholesterol (TC) and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels in control subjects. Subgroup analysis showed that the polymorphism was associated with diastolic blood pressure, in addition to HDL-C levels and AI, in overweight/obese GDM patients, while it was associated with TC levels, AI, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), and BMI at delivery in non-obese GDM patients. In addition, this polymorphism was associated with TC, LDL-C, and apoB levels in overweight/obese control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: The rs2230806 polymorphism in the ABCA1 gene was associated with variations in atherometabolic traits in GDM patients, with characteristics of BMI dependency, but not with GDM. Our findings highlight a link between related phenotypes in women with GDM and genetic factors.
Effects of uncomplicated vaginal delivery and epidural analgesia on fetal arterial acid-base parameters at birth in gestational diabetes.; AIM: To investigate the effects of uncomplicated vaginal delivery and epidural analgesia on fetal acid-base parameters in women with gestational diabetes (GDM) compared with controls. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study of 142 women with gestational diabetes and 284 controls. To evaluate the effect of diabetes and analgesia on acid-base status correcting for potential confounders we used ordered logistic equations including quartiles of fetal arterial acid-base parameters collected at birth as outcomes and categories of diabetes and epidural analgesia as explanatory variables. RESULTS: In the GDM group cord base deficit (-2.63 mmol/l, interquartile range [IQR]=4.2 to -0.65 mmol/l vs. -1.9 mmol/l, IQR=-3.3 to -0.2 mmol/l, p=0.009, odds ratio (OR)=1.51, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.04-2.18) was lower and concentration of calcium higher (1.49 mmol/l, IQR=1.42-1.56 mmol/l vs. 1.47 mmol/l, IQR=1.41-1.51 mmol/l, p=0.009, OR=1.69, 95% CI=1.12-2.56) compared with controls. Epidural analgesia in the GDM group was associated with reduced cord concentration of glucose (84.0mg/dl [4.7 mmol/l], IQR=70-103.3mg/dl vs. 92.5mg/dl [5.1 mmol/l], IQR=76.5-121.8 mg/dl, p=0.004), lactate (2.65 mmol/l (IQR=1.80-4.20) vs. 3.70 mmol/l (IQR=2.90-5.55 mmol/l), p=0.002) and less pronounced base deficit (-2.05 mmol/l, IQR=-3.90 to -0.17 mmol/l vs. -2.8, IQR=-5.57 to -1.05 mmol/l, p=0.01, OR=0.7, 95% CI=0.49-0.99). CONCLUSIONS: In uncomplicated pregnancies and deliveries, well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus has potentially significant detrimental effects on fetal acid-base status at birth. Epidural analgesia reduces cord arterial glucose and lactates.
Breastfeeding mobile application for mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus: designed by mothers and experts.; BACKGROUND: Mothers and babies with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular complications. Breastfeeding is known to help reduce complications in mothers and babies with gestational diabetes. However, the rate of breastfeeding among mothers with gestational diabetes is still low due to various barriers. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to develop a mobile application to improve the breastfeeding barrier of pregnant women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: The Method of App Selection based on Users' Needs is a method used in designing app structure and user interface by considering user needs. This method was used to develop the Breastfeeding for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus App, reflecting the needs of target users. Four personas were created based on the experiences of four mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus, and these personas' needs were assessed and prioritized. Two professors and a clinical instructor in women's health nursing conducted an expert review and revised the contents. RESULTS: Our "Breastfeeding for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus App" included the following components to promote breastfeeding in mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus: baby growth, breastfeeding records, information about mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus, information about breastfeeding, videos demonstrating breastfeeding methods and breast massage techniques, breastfeeding success stories, a message board, a section for frequently asked questions and answers, and links to breastfeeding education centers. CONCLUSIONS: Use of our App is expected to help prevent complications in mothers with diabetes mellitus and their babies and to promote maternal and child health through improved breastfeeding practices, especially in social distancing situations resulting from COVID-19.
The influence of polycystic ovarian syndrome on obstetric and neonatal outcomes after frozen-thawed embryo transfer.; RESEARCH QUESTION: Does polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affect pregnancy and neonatal outcomes after frozen-thawed embryo transfers (FET) using hormone replacement therapy (HRT) cycles or stimulated cycles? DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study in which singletons born to 1876 women with PCOS and 14,630 women without PCOS under the age of 38 years from 2010 to 2018 were analyzed at a tertiary care academic medical center. The main outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension, preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM) and early preterm birth (EPTB). RESULTS: Women with PCOS showed a higher risk of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.71, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.47-1.99), pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 1.46, 95% CI 1.13-1.90), PPROM (aOR 1.40, 95% CI 1.02-1.79) and EPTB (aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.01-2.26) compared with mothers without PCOS. Considering that more PCOS received HRT cycles, subgroup analyses were performed separately for stimulated cycles and HRT cycles. PCOS was not correlated with PPROM and EPTB in the two subgroups. The rate of GDM, pregnancy-induced hypertension and EPTB among women with without PCOS using stimulated cycles appeared to be lower than in women without PCOS using HRT cycles. CONCLUSIONS: Although PCOS indeed confers independent risks for GDM and pregnancy-induced hypertension after FET compared with no PCOS, risks of other adverse outcomes (e.g. PPROM and EPTB) might be exaggerated owing to a higher proportion of HRT cycles used in PCOS.
Association between gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension.; Gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension are common, and their relation is not well understood. The authors conducted a population-based case-control study using 1992-1998 Washington State birth certificate and hospital discharge records to investigate this relation. Consecutive cases of pregnancy-induced hypertension were divided into four groups based on International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes: eclampsia (n=154), severe preeclampsia (n=1,180), mild preeclampsia (n=5,468), and gestational hypertension (n=8,943). Cases were compared with controls who did not have pregnancy-induced hypertension (n=47,237). Gestational diabetes was more common in each case group (3.9% in eclamptics, 4.5% in severe preeclamptics, and 4.4% in both mild preeclamptics and those with gestational hypertension) than in controls (2.7%). After adjustment for body mass index, age, ethnicity, parity, and prenatal care, gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of severe preeclampsia (odds ratio (OR)=1.5, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.1, 2.1), mild preeclampsia (OR=1.5, 95% CI: 1.3, 1.8), and gestational hypertension (OR=1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.6). Gestational diabetes was more strongly associated with pregnancy-induced hypertension among women who received less prenatal care (OR=4.2 for eclampsia and OR=3.1 for severe preeclampsia, p<0.05 for both) and among Black women (OR for eclampsia and preeclampsia together=3.9, p<0.05).
Maternal hyperglycemia leads to fetal cardiac hyperplasia and dysfunction in a rat model.; Accelerated fetal myocardial growth with altered cardiac function is a well-documented complication of human diabetic pregnancy, but its pathophysiology is still largely unknown. Our aim was to explore the mechanisms of fetal cardiac remodeling and cardiovascular hemodynamics in a rat model of maternal pregestational streptozotocin-induced hyperglycemia. The hyperglycemic group comprised 107 fetuses (10 dams) and the control group 219 fetuses (20 dams). Fetal cardiac function was assessed serially by Doppler ultrasonography. Fetal cardiac to thoracic area ratio, newborn heart weight, myocardial cell proliferative and apoptotic activities, and cardiac gene expression patterns were determined. Maternal hyperglycemia was associated with increased cardiac size, proliferative, apoptotic and mitotic activities, upregulation of genes encoding A- and B-type natriuretic peptides, myosin heavy chain types 2 and 3, uncoupling proteins 2 and 3, and the angiogenetic tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily member 12A. The genes encoding Kv channel-interacting protein 2, a regulator of electrical cardiac phenotype, and the insulin-regulated glucose transporter 4 were downregulated. The heart rate was lower in fetuses of hyperglycemic dams. At 13-14 gestational days, 98% of fetuses of hyperglycemic dams had holosystolic atrioventricular valve regurgitation and decreased outflow mean velocity, indicating diminished cardiac output. Maternal hyperglycemia may lead to accelerated fetal myocardial growth by cardiomyocyte hyperplasia. In fetuses of hyperglycemic dams, expression of key genes that control and regulate cardiomyocyte electrophysiological properties, contractility, and metabolism are altered and may lead to major functional and clinical implications on the fetal heart.
Maternal diabetes and its effect on biochemical and functional development of rabbit fetal lung.; The effect of maternal diabetes on functional and biochemical maturation of the fetal lung was studied in a rabbit model. Pregnancy was initiated only after diabetes had been established. Both the pregnant doe and its fetuses were hyperglycemic. For comparison, the fetal heart and liver were also studied. In the diabetic group, the DNA content was lower in the fetal heart and lung while the protein content was higher in all three tissues. The glycogen levels were higher only in the fetal lung. Glycogen synthase was higher in the fetal lung and heart while phosphorylase activity was higher in all three tissues from the diabetic group. The activities of key enzymes involved in glycolysis were not affected. No difference was observed in the concentration of total phospholipids or in the ability of the airway fluid to reduce surface tension. In contrast, fetal lungs from diabetic does did not expand as well as the controls and retained less air on deflation. These findings suggest that the utilization of glycogen in fetal lungs from the diabetic does was not complete and that the increased incidence of respiratory distress in infants of diabetic mothers may not be due to a lack of surfactant.
Amniotic fluid tests for fetal maturity in normal and abnormal pregnancies.; Amniotic fluid creatinine, percentage of lipid-positive cells, and L/S ratio were determined on 285 samples from normal pregnancies and 222 samples from abnormal pregnancy states (Rh isoimmunization, diabetes, hypertensive disorders, intrauterine growth retardation, and hydramnios). In normal pregnancy the coefficient of correlation between true gestational age and estimated period of gestation (EPG) based on the three parameters was 0.94, in Rh isoimmunization 0.77, in diabetes 0.67, and in hypertensive disorders 0.59. In intrauterine growth retardation both the L/S ratio and creatinine were depressed, the coefficient was 0.61, and the EPG was consistently less than the true gestational age. The mean L/S ratio in pre-eclampsia was slightly below the normal mean and in diabetes the mean L/S ratio was also depressed. In 150 samples taken within 48 hours of delivery L/S ratios were accurate in assessing fetal pulmonary maturity although there was a 20 per cent incidence over all of false-immature values. There were no false-mature values except in diabetes (2/9).
Prevalence, progression, and outcomes of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy in Indian scenario.; PURPOSE: The objective of this study is to evaluate pattern of diabetic retinopathy (DR) during pregnancy in females with pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: This is an ambispective observational cohort study conducted at an Indian tertiary care centre. A total of 50 pregnant females with pregestational DM were included while those with gestational DM were excluded from the study. Ocular examination (inclusive of fundus photography) was conducted and systemic parameters (inclusive of Glycated hemoglobin) were assessed during each of the 3 trimesters and 3 months postpartum. The prevalence and progression of DR during pregnancy in the study cohort were the main outcome measures. RESULTS: Three of the 50 patients had type 1 DM while 47 had type II DM. All the patients with type I DM were insulin dependent while 19 patients with type II DM were insulin dependent. Overall prevalence of DR was 8% (4/50); 2 cases had nonproliferative DR (NPDR), and 2 had proliferative DR (PDR). During the study period, worsening was seen in both the patients with PDR and one required vitrectomy. Mean visual acuity in patients with PDR decreased from 0.77 logMAR units at presentation to 1.23 logMAR at final follow-up. There was no change in the mean visual acuity of patients with NPDR. None of the patients with NPDR converted to PDR. There was no new onset DR in the patients without DR at presentation. Assessment of risk factors for DR revealed significantly higher duration of DM (14 ± 6.32 years vs. 3.43 ± 1.43 years, P = 0.0008). The median age was also higher in the DR patients (31 years vs. 29 years, P = 0.32). CONCLUSION: No new onset cases were seen during the course of pregnancy and no conversion from NPDR to PDR was seen; however, a worsening of the two PDR cases was observed. No cases of DR were seen in noninsulin-dependent DM. None of the four participants with DR showed a spontaneous resolution of DR postpartum. Patients with PDR and long-standing DM require careful observation during pregnancy. A registry of diabetic mothers should be set up for development of guidelines for managing such cases.
Association between pregnancy-related complications and development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women: an umbrella review.; BACKGROUND: Despite many systematic reviews and meta-analyses examining the associations of pregnancy complications with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension, previous umbrella reviews have only examined a single pregnancy complication. Here we have synthesised evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses on the associations of a wide range of pregnancy-related complications with risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. METHODS: Medline, Embase and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were searched from inception until 26 September 2022 for systematic reviews and meta-analysis examining the association between pregnancy complications and risk of T2DM and hypertension. Screening of articles, data extraction and quality appraisal (AMSTAR2) were conducted independently by two reviewers using Covidence software. Data were extracted for studies that examined the risk of T2DM and hypertension in pregnant women with the pregnancy complication compared to pregnant women without the pregnancy complication. Summary estimates of each review were presented using tables, forest plots and narrative synthesis and reported following Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews (PRIOR) guidelines. RESULTS: Ten systematic reviews were included. Two pregnancy complications were identified. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): One review showed GDM was associated with a 10-fold higher risk of T2DM at least 1 year after pregnancy (relative risk (RR) 9.51 (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.14 to 12.67) and although the association differed by ethnicity (white: RR 16.28 (95% CI 15.01 to 17.66), non-white: RR 10.38 (95% CI 4.61 to 23.39), mixed: RR 8.31 (95% CI 5.44 to 12.69)), the between subgroups difference were not statistically significant at 5% significance level. Another review showed GDM was associated with higher mean blood pressure at least 3 months postpartum (mean difference in systolic blood pressure: 2.57 (95% CI 1.74 to 3.40) mmHg and mean difference in diastolic blood pressure: 1.89 (95% CI 1.32 to 2.46) mmHg). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP): Three reviews showed women with a history of HDP were 3 to 6 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks after pregnancy compared to women without HDP (meta-analysis with largest number of studies: odds ratio (OR) 4.33 (3.51 to 5.33)) and one review reported a higher rate of T2DM after HDP (hazard ratio (HR) 2.24 (1.95 to 2.58)) at least a year after pregnancy. One of the three reviews and five other reviews reported women with a history of preeclampsia were 3 to 7 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks postpartum (meta-analysis with the largest number of studies: OR 3.90 (3.16 to 4.82) with one of these reviews reporting the association was greatest in women from Asia (Asia: OR 7.54 (95% CI 2.49 to 22.81), Europe: OR 2.19 (95% CI 0.30 to 16.02), North and South America: OR 3.32 (95% CI 1.26 to 8.74)). CONCLUSIONS: GDM and HDP are associated with a greater risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. Common confounders adjusted for across the included studies in the reviews were maternal age, body mass index (BMI), socioeconomic status, smoking status, pre-pregnancy and current BMI, parity, family history of T2DM or cardiovascular disease, ethnicity, and time of delivery. Further research is needed to evaluate the value of embedding these pregnancy complications as part of assessment for future risk of T2DM and chronic hypertension.
Incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension among gestational diabetics.; Although hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are more likely to occur in pregestational diabetics, the question of whether they occur more frequently in gestational diabetics or certain subsets of gestational diabetics remains unclear. This study compared 197 gestational diabetics with 197 control patients matched on the basis of age, race, parity, and prepregnancy weight. No significant difference was found between the two groups in the incidence of either pregnancy-induced hypertension or preeclampsia. There was, however, a small but significant elevation in mean arterial blood pressure in the third trimester in gestational diabetics compared with control patients (90.1 versus 87.5 mm Hg; p = 0.006). Mean arterial pressures were also higher in diabetic patients on insulin compared with those on diet, and higher in diabetic patients diagnosed early (less than 24 weeks) compared with those diagnosed late (more than 24 weeks) in pregnancy; however, there were larger numbers of chronic hypertensives in these two groups. We conclude that gestational diabetics do not develop pregnancy-induced hypertension more frequently. Small increases in blood pressure late in pregnancy in these patients achieve statistical significance, but their clinical relevance is unclear.
Maternal and neonatal outcome after laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding: a systematic review.; The number of women of reproductive age undergoing bariatric surgery, including laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (LAGB), has increased in recent years. The objective of this study was to list both maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnancies in obese women (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) after LAGB and compare them with pregnancies in obese or normal weight women without LAGB. Studies showed a lower incidence of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), pre-eclampsia, caesarean section (CS), macrosomia, and low birth weight babies in post-LAGB pregnancies compared to pregnancies in obese women without LAGB. Gestational weight gain was also lower in post-LAGB pregnancies. However, the incidence of PIH, pre-eclampsia, CS, preterm birth, large for gestational age, spontaneous abortion, and NICU admission was higher in post-LAGB pregnancies than in normal weight pregnancies. In conclusion, LAGB seems to improve pregnancy outcomes in obese women, even when obesity is still present at the onset of pregnancy. However, further research is needed and pregnant women with a gastric band should always be closely monitored by a multidisciplinary team.
[Vascular complications and their effect on fetal-maternal outcome and therapeutic approach in diabetic women].; Metabolic disturbances related to glucose intolerance and hyperglycemia are known to affect the health and life of women planning the pregnancy. They also are capable of impairing the development of fetuses and newborns. Remarkable advances have been made in recent years in clarifying the metabolic processes that occur during pregnancy and their effect on intrauterine fetal development. Clinicians have become aware of the observations, that maternal diabetes and the occurrence of complications are related to the duration of the disease, to the grade of hyperglycemia and to the time of pregnancy when hyperglycemia occurred. Since the last decade, numerous epidemiological studies have confirmed that a good balanced diabetes mellitus in pregnant women leads to the fruitful fetal development and contributes to reducing maternal mortality. The aim of this study was to discuss the update guidelines for managing diabetic patients with vascular complications before and during the course of pregnancy.
Role of Ductus Venosus Doppler Sonography for the Prediction of Perinatal Outcome in Term Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; PURPOSE: Ductus venosus (DV) Doppler velocimetry reflects fetal cardiac function. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is assumed to impair cardiac function due to fetal hyperglycemia. The purpose of this study was to assess the ability of DV Doppler to predict an adverse perinatal outcome (APO) in term pregnancies with GDM. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study including GDM pregnancies of singleton, non-anomalous fetuses without any signs of placental dysfunction. All GDM women who primarily had a vaginal delivery attempt and in which DV Doppler was examined from 37+0 weeks on were included. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses were performed to assess the predictive value of DV pulsatility index (DV-PI) regarding a composite APO (CAPO). Furthermore, a subgroup analysis was performed regarding the presence of a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborn. RESULTS: A total of n=89 cases were included. Overall, CAPO occurred in 26 out of 89 cases (29.2%). All DV Doppler examinations showed a positive A wave. DV-PI was>95th percentile in 8 out of 89 cases (9%). Overall, ROC analysis showed no significant association of DV-PI with CAPO (AUC=0.523, p=0.735). However, regarding individual APO parameters, ROC analysis showed a significant association of DV-PI with 5th-min AGPAR (AUC=0.960, p=0.027), which was not confirmed after exclusion of LGA cases. CONCLUSION: In GDM pregnancies at term, DV Doppler sonography seems to have no benefit for APO prediction.
Pregnancy outcome in women with PCOS and in controls matched by age and weight.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to compare the pregnancy outcome, especially the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), in a group of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), with a group of healthy weight-matched women. METHODS: Retrospectively, we evaluated the pregnancies of 66 women with PCOS, who had been treated for infertility and who delivered at our department. These were compared with a group of 66 age- and weight-matched controls. RESULTS: We did not find any significant differences in the prevalence of pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and premature deliveries between the group of PCOS patients and the controls. CONCLUSION: When differences in age and weight between PCOS patients and controls are negligible, PCOS is not associated with a higher risk of pregnancy complications.
A history of previous gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse changes in insulin secretion and VLDL metabolism independently of increased intrahepatocellular lipid.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We have previously reported a high prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We wanted to confirm that intrahepatocellular lipid (IHCL) is associated with pGDM independently of adiposity and determine: (1) if VLDL metabolism is dysregulated; and (2) the extent to which NAFLD and IHCL account for the dysmetabolic phenotype in pGDM. METHODS: We analysed data from a cohort of 234 women (114 with pGDM) and identified effects of pGDM on lipid and glucoregulation that were independent of ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD. We then measured IHCL by MR spectroscopy in a representative subgroup (n = 36) and conducted detailed metabolic studies (IVGTT, VLDL apolipoprotein B [apoB] kinetics and palmitate turnover) and measurement of regional body fat by MRI to demonstrate effects of IHCL that were independent of a history of pGDM. RESULTS: pGDM was associated with increased IHCL (p = 0.04) after adjustment for adiposity. Independently of IHCL, pGDM was associated with a lower IVGTT disposition index (p = 0.02) and acute insulin response to glucose (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 50% lower; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 36% lower; effect of pGDM, p = 0.03), increased VLDL apoB pool size (pGDM+/NAFLD-, 3.1-fold higher; pGDM+/NAFLD+, 1.2-fold higher; effect of pGDM, p = 0.02) and, at borderline significance (p = 0.05), increased rate of VLDL apoB synthesis. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: pGDM is associated with increased IHCL independently of adiposity. The increased liver fat contributes to the phenotype, but pGDM status is independently associated with diminished insulin secretion and (shown for the first time) augmented VLDL metabolism. IHCL with pGDM may compound a dysmetabolic phenotype.
Association of thyroid antibodies status on the outcomes of pregnant women with hypothyroidism (maternal hypothyroidism on pregnancy outcomes, MHPO-4).; BACKGROUND: Autoimmunity increases with age and is often commonly evaluated in women of the reproductive age group. Prevalence of thyroid antibodies is common even in euthyroid pregnant women. We aim to compare the association of thyroid antibody status on the maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnant women with hypothyroidism. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional retrospective study on 718 cases in the Aga Khan University Hospital. Information was collected on pregnant women who have been diagnosed with hypothyroidism before conception or during their antenatal period. Laboratory data were recorded for thyroid peroxidase antibodies, anti-thyroglobulin antibodies, and thyroid-stimulating hormone levels. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were also noted from medical file records. Data analysis was performed on Statistical Package for the Social Sciences version 20.0. RESULTS: Overall, 146 out 718 cases were included for final analysis. Thyroid peroxidase antibodies were positive in 66.4% and anti-thyroglobulin was positive in 52.1% cases, whereas 43.8% of cases had both antibodies positive. Pre-gestational diabetes was significantly associated with thyroid autoimmunity. There was a 73% less chance of gestational hypertension for thyroid autoimmune groups. Gestational diabetes and maternal (chronic) hypertension were found to have an independent effect on postpartum hemorrhage. Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy were found to have an independent risk for premature birth. CONCLUSION: Our study reports a 74.7% prevalence of positive thyroid antibodies in hypothyroid pregnant women, with higher association with pre-gestational diabetes. Gestational hypertension was least likely to occur in thyroid autoimmune groups. None of the outcomes were independently associated with worse outcomes.
The usefulness of glycosuria and the influence of maternal blood pressure in screening for gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Although gestational diabetes is among the most common diseases arising during pregnancy, glucose stix is the only screening test to date in Germany. Our goal was to evaluate the sensitivity of the glucose-stix for diabetes screening and the possible influence of other parameters. METHODS: 1001 patients who underwent the 50 g glucose screening test between June 1, 1997 and January 5, 2000 as part of prenatal care were asked to participate. In accordance with the guidelines of the American Diabetes Association, patients with a screening test result >/= 140 mg/dl underwent a oral glucose tolerance test (Carpenter/Coustan criteria). A urine sample was collected prior to the test. The glucose content of the urine was semiquantitatively analyzed using a test strip (Multistix 10 SG Bayer), Munich, Germany). Blood pressure was measured in 349 consecutive cases according to the criteria of the National Institute of Health. RESULTS: The overall frequency of gestational diabetes was 4.1% (37/912). 8.2% of the women presented with glycosuria (82/1001, 36 before screening, 46 based on the pregnancy medical records booklet). 30/82 (37%) of these patients had a pathological screening test (P = 0.029). 7.1% (52/729) of the healthy patients and 10.8% (4/37) of the gestational diabetics had glycosuria at least once. Therefore, the sensitivity of glycosuria is 10.8%, the positive predictive value is 6.6%. The systolic blood pressure was 116+/- 12 mmHg and the diastolic blood pressure 72 +/- 9 mmHg. Three of 349 (0.9%) patients were documented with preexisting hypertension, 14/349 (4.0%) patients with "pregnancy induced hypertension". Patients with glycosuria were both significantly more advanced in gestational age (34.4 +/- 2.8 versus 33.7 +/- 2.9, P = 0.673) and had higher diastolic blood pressure (79 +/- 9 versus 71 +/- 9, P = 0.005). The 50 g glucose screening test results showed only a tendency to differ (131 +/- 23 versus 127 +/- 24, P = 0.073). A multivariate analysis of these factors showed a significant influence of the diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.016) and the 50 g glucose screening test (P = 0.032), whereas the gestational week had no influence (P = 0.673). CONCLUSIONS: Urine glucose dip stick analysis is not useful in the detection of gestational diabetes because of its low sensitivity and negative predictive value. Our study suggests that glycosuria is not only dependent on the blood glucose level, but highly influenced by diastolic blood pressure. The results clearly underscore the need for standardized, routine testing of every pregnant woman.
Non-Invasive Myocardial Work Indices in Infants Born to Mothers With Diabetes in Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: This study used echocardiography to investigate non-invasive myocardial work (MCW) indices in infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy (gestational DM: GDM), including those diagnosed under novel classification criteria and those with pre-existing DM. METHODS AND RESULTS: This single-centered, retrospective study included 25 infants born to mothers with GDM (termed "infant with GDM"), which was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test results during pregnancy or the presence of diabetes before the current pregnancy. We evaluated the relationship between the infant's MCW, such as global constructive work (GCW), global work index (GWI), global work efficiency (GWE), and global wasted work (GWW), and the mother's GDM maximal HbA1c during pregnancy. HbA1c level in GDM significantly negatively correlated with GWI* (r=-0.565) and GCW* (r=-0.641). In infants with GDM, GWI and GCW were significantly higher with <6.5% HbA1c than in those with >6.5% HbA1c GDM; however, the specific-layer global longitudinal strain analyses did not show any significant differences between the groups. The pressure-strain loop in infants with >6.5% HbA1c in GDM tended to be smaller than in those infants with <6.5% HbA1c GDM. CONCLUSIONS: The hyperglycemic environment of GDM leads to impaired MCW in the infants. MCW is useful for screening for cardiac illnesses among infants with GDM. Appropriate maternal blood glucose management while maintaining HbA1c <6.5% might be beneficial for the cardiac performance of infants with GDM.
Postpartum and contraception in women after gestational diabetes.; Women who have had gestational diabetes mellitus must be monitored in the immediate postpartum period to ensure that blood glucose levels return to normal without further treatment. In the few studies performed specifically in these women, those that breastfed did not have a different metabolic profile, at least during the period of breastfeeding; the metabolic profiles of children born to women that had gestational diabetes and that breastfed also did not differ from those that were not breastfed. The choice of contraception must mainly take into consideration the associated risk factors. The studies, even if few have specifically focused on women with a history of gestational diabetes, have not demonstrated a significant disturbance of glucose metabolism while using hormonal contraception, whether combined oral oestrogen/progestogen or progestogen-only contraception. However, the presence of obesity, hypertension, or dyslipidaemia must direct the choice of contraception towards one without cardiovascular consequences. In these cases, the intrauterine device is an excellent choice.
Association between genetic risk variants and glucose intolerance during pregnancy in north Indian women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a more common problem in India than in many other parts of the world but it is not known whether this is due to unique environmental factors or a unique genetic background. To address this question we examined whether the same genetic variants associated with GDM and Type 2 Diabetes (T2D) in Caucasians also were associated with GDM in North Indian women. METHODS: Five thousand one hundred pregnant women of gestational age 24-28 weeks from Punjab were studied by a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). GDM was diagnosed by both WHO1999 and 2013 criteria. 79 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) previously associated with T2D and glycemic traits (12 of them also with GDM) and 6 SNPs from previous T2D associations based on Indian population (some also with European) were genotyped on a Sequenom platform or using Taqman assays in DNA from 4018 women. RESULTS: In support of previous findings in Caucasian GDM, SNPs at KCJN11 and GRB14 loci were nominally associated with GDM1999 risk in Indian women (both p = 0.02). Notably, T2D risk alleles of the variant rs1552224 near CENTD2, rs11708067 in ADCY5 and rs11605924 in CRY2 genes associated with protection from GDM regardless of criteria applied (p < 0.025). SNPs rs7607980 near COBLL1 (p = 0.0001), rs13389219 near GRB14 (p = 0.026) and rs10423928 in the GIPR gene (p = 0.012) as well as the genetic risk score (GRS) for these previously shown insulin resistance loci here associated with insulin resistance defined by HOMA2-IR and showed a trend towards GDM. GRS comprised of 3 insulin secretion loci here associated with insulin secretion but not GDM. CONCLUSIONS: GDM in women from Punjab in Northern India shows a genetic component, seemingly driven by insulin resistance and secretion and partly shared with GDM in other parts of the world. Most previous T2D loci discovered in European studies did not associate with GDM in North India, indicative of different genetic etiology or alternately, differences in the linkage disequilibrium (LD) structure between populations in which the associated SNPs were identified and Northern Indian women. Interestingly some T2D risk variants were in fact indicative of being protective for GDM in these Indian women.
Impact of gestational hyperglycemia on maternal and child health.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To address the recent evidence regarding the association between hyperglycemia during pregnancy and adverse short-term and long-term outcome for both mothers and offspring. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent data suggest a relationship between hyperglycemia during pregnancy and adverse short-term fetal outcomes, mainly those associated with excessive fetal growth. The degree of hyperglycemia plays an important role in risk stratification. Moreover, the long-term effect of hyperglycemia during pregnancy is expressed mainly as cardiometabolic morbidity and increased risk for the development of metabolic syndrome both maternal and in early adolescence. Alternation in DNA methylation and gene expression of metabolic pathways were found in association with hyperglycemia in utero, supporting the 'developmental origins of disease' hypothesis. SUMMARY: The effect of hyperglycemia on the early life metabolic environment may contribute to the subsequent risk of cardiovascular or metabolic morbidity later in life. It is also a sign of future maternal metabolic alternation. Several future randomized trials, hopefully will help to determine if early intervention could decrease the risk for gestational diabetes and whether long term adverse outcome are preventable and importantly the association with degree of maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and future morbidity.
Association of Beverage Consumption during Pregnancy with Adverse Maternal and Offspring Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: As the global consumption of sugary and non-sugar sweetened beverages continues to rise, there is growing concern about their health impacts, particularly among pregnant women and their offspring. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the consumption patterns of various beverages among pregnant women in Shanghai and their potential health impacts on both mothers and offspring. METHOD: We applied a multi-stage random sampling method to select participants from 16 districts in Shanghai. Each district was categorised into five zones. Two towns were randomly selected from each zone, and from each town, 30 pregnant women were randomly selected. Data were collected through face-to-face questionnaires. Follow-up data on births within a year after the survey were also obtained. RESULT: The consumption rates of total beverages (TB), sugar-sweetened beverages (SSB), and non-sugar sweetened beverages (NSS) were 73.2%, 72.8%, and 13.5%, respectively. Logistic regression analysis showed that compared to non-consumers, pregnant women consuming TB three times or less per week had a 38.4% increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 1.384; 95% CI: 1.129-1.696) and a 64.2% increased risk of gestational hypertension (GH) (OR = 1.642; 95% CI: 1.129-2.389). Those consuming TB four or more times per week faced a 154.3% higher risk of GDM (OR = 2.543; 95% CI: 2.064-3.314) and a 169.3% increased risk of GH (OR = 2.693; 95% CI: 1.773-4.091). Similar results were observed in the analysis of SSB. Regarding offspring health, compared to non-consumers, TB consumption four or more times per week was associated with a substantial increase in the risk of macrosomia (OR = 2.143; 95% CI: 1.304-3.522) and large for gestational age (LGA) (OR = 1.695; 95% CI: 1.219-2.356). In the analysis of NSS, with a significantly increased risk of macrosomia (OR = 6.581; 95% CI:2.796-13.824) and LGA (OR = 7.554; 95% CI: 3.372-16.921). CONCLUSION: The high level of beverage consumption among pregnant women in Shanghai needs attention. Excessive consumption of beverages increases the risk of GDM and GH, while excessive consumption of NSS possibly has a greater impact on offspring macrosomia and LGA.
Gestational diabetes modifies the association between PlGF in early pregnancy and preeclampsia in women with obesity.; OBJECTIVE: To identify clinical and biomarker risk factors for preeclampsia in women with obesity and to explore interactions with gestational diabetes, a condition associated with preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: In women with obesity (body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) from the UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT), we examined 8 clinical factors (socio-demographic characteristics, BMI, waist circumference and clinical variables) and 7 biomarkers (HDL cholesterol, hemoglobin A1c, adiponectin, interleukin-6, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, and placental growth factor (PlGF)) in the early second trimester for association with later development of preeclampsia using logistic regression. Factors were selected based on prior association with preeclampsia. Interaction with gestational diabetes was assessed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Preeclampsia. RESULTS: Prevalence of preeclampsia was 7.3% (59/824). Factors independently associated with preeclampsia were higher mean arterial blood pressure (Odds Ratio (OR) 2.22; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 1.58-3.12, per 10 mmHg) and lower PlGF (OR 1.39; 95% CI 1.03-1.87, per each lower 1 log2). The association of PlGF with preeclampsia was present amongst obese women without gestational diabetes (OR 1.91; 95% CI 1.32-2.78), but not in those with GDM (OR 1.05; 95% CI 0.67-1.63), p = 0.04 for interaction. CONCLUSION: The relationship between PlGF and preeclampsia differed in women with obesity according to gestational diabetes status, which may suggest different mechanistic pathways to preeclampsia. Whilst replication is required in other populations, this study suggests that performance of prediction models for preeclampsia should be confirmed in pre-specified subgroups.
Maternal diabetes and risk of offspring congenital heart diseases: the Japan Environment and Children's Study.; BACKGROUND: Few prospective cohort studies have examined the association between maternal diabetes, including pre-pregnancy and gestational diabetes, and the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in Asian offspring. METHODS: We examined the association between maternal diabetes and offspring CHD among 97,094 mother-singleton infant pairs in the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS) between January 2011 and March 2014. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of offspring CHD based on maternal diabetes (pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes) were estimated using logistic regression after adjusting for maternal age at delivery, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), maternal smoking habits, alcohol consumption, annual household income, and maternal education. The diagnosis of CHD in the offspring was ascertained from the transcript of medical records. RESULTS: The incidence of CHD in the offspring was 1,132. Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes, was associated with a higher risk of offspring CHD: multivariable OR (95%CI) = 1.81 (1.40-2.33) for maternal diabetes, 2.39 (1.05-5.42) for pre-pregnancy diabetes and 1.77 (1.36-2.30) for gestational diabetes. A higher risk of offspring CHD was observed in pre-pregnancy BMI ≥25.0 kg/m(2) (OR = 2.55, 95% CI: 1.74-3.75) than in pre-pregnancy BMI <25.0 kg/m(2) (OR = 1.49, 95% CI: 1.05-2.10, p for interaction = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy and gestational, was associated with an increased risk of CHD in offspring.
Pregnancy and Perinatal Outcome Among Hypothyroid Mothers: A Population-Based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hypothyroidism has been associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A large nationwide register-based cohort with data on medication purchases was established to study the associations between maternal hypothyroidism, levothyroxine (LT4) use, and pregnancy and perinatal complications. METHODS: The data included all singleton births between 2004 and 2013 (N = 571,785) in Finland. Hypothyroid mothers (n = 16,364) were identified in the Finnish Medical Birth Register. Of these women, 95.8% used LT4 medication, and 37.5% had consistent LT4 use during pregnancy. Hypothyroid mothers were compared to mothers without thyroid disease (N = 550,860) using logistic regression. The main outcome measures were pregnancy and perinatal complications. RESULTS: Maternal hypothyroidism was associated with several pregnancy and perinatal complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio [OR] = 1.19 [confidence interval (CI) 1.13-1.25]), gestational hypertension (OR = 1.20 [CI 1.10-1.30]), severe preeclampsia (OR = 1.38 [CI 1.15-1.65]), cesarean section (OR = 1.22 [CI 1.17-1.27]), preterm births (OR = 1.25 [CI 1.16-1.34]), large-for-gestational age newborns (OR = 1.30 [CI 1.19-1.42]), major congenital anomalies (OR = 1.14 [CI 1.06-1.22]), and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR = 1.23 [CI 1.17-1.29]). However, among mothers with consistent LT4 purchases, only the associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.12 [CI 1.03-1.22]), cesarean section (OR = 1.13 [CI 1.06-1.21]), neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR = 1.09 [CI 1.01-1.29]), and large-for-gestational age newborns (OR = 1.26 [CI 1.10-1.45]) and maternal hypothyroidism remained. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hypothyroidism is associated with several pregnancy and perinatal complications, but consistent LT4 use may reduce many of the risks.
Clustering of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The relative contributions of a cluster of metabolic risk factors to pregnancy complications are not fully understood. We investigated the correlation between clustering of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This prospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women who sought health care during their whole gestation in a women's and children's hospital. The pregnancy outcomes were also followed. Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity, as well as pregnancy high triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, hyperglycemia and raised blood pressure were defined as metabolic risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes included preterm delivery, small/large for gestational age, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, neonatal asphyxia and foetal demise. Stratified analyses were conducted on a total of 5535 women according to classification in each metabolic risk factor. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) for adverse pregnancy outcomes according to the number of clustering metabolic factors was calculated using the logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: The number of metabolic risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes were positively correlated (P(trend)  < 0.001). Compared with women without a metabolic risk factor, women with one metabolic risk factor had a risk (OR = 1.67 95%CI 1.42-1.96) of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with a cluster of two metabolic risk factors tended to develop more adverse pregnancy outcomes (OR = 3.32 95% CI 2.69-4.10), and the risk was much higher in women with a cluster of three or more metabolic risk factors (OR = 10.40 95%CI 7.37-14.69). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with a cluster of metabolic risk factors are more likely to have adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Remodels the Fetal Brain Fatty Acid Profile Through Placenta-Brain Lipid Axis in C57BL/6J Mice.; BACKGROUND: Polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), especially docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), are critical for proper fetal brain growth and development. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could affect maternal-fetal fatty acid metabolism. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to explore the effect of GDM and high-fat (HF) diet on the DHA transport signaling pathway in the placenta-brain axis and fatty acid concentrations in the fetal brain. METHODS: Insulin receptor antagonist (S961) and HF diet were used to establish an animal model of GDM. Eighty female C57BL/6J mice were randomly divided into control (CON), GDM, HF, and HF+GDM groups. The fatty acid profiles of the maternal liver and fetal brain were analyzed by gas chromatography. In addition, we analyzed the protein amounts of maternal liver fatty acid desaturase (FADS1/3), elongase (ELOVL2/5) and the regulatory factor sterol-regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP)-1c, and the DHA transport signaling pathway (Wnt3/β-catenin/MFSD2a) of the placenta and fetal brain using western blotting. RESULTS: GDM promoted the decrease of maternal liver ELOVL2, ELOVL5, and SREBP-1c. Accordingly, we observed a significant decrease in the amount of maternal liver arachidonic acid (AA), DHA, and total n-3 PUFA and n-6 PUFA induced by GDM. GDM also significantly decreased the amount of DHA and n-3 PUFA in the fetal brain. GDM downregulated the Wnt3/β-catenin/MFSD2a signaling pathway, which transfers n-3 PUFA in the placenta and fetal brain. The HF diet increased n-6 PUFA amounts in the maternal liver, correspondingly increasing linoleic acid, gamma-linolenic acid, AA, and total n-6 PUFA in the fetal brain, but decreased DHA amount in the fetal brain. However, HF diet only tended to decrease placental β-catenin and MFSD2a amounts (P = 0.074 and P = 0.098, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal GDM could affect the fatty acid profile of the fetal brain both by downregulating the Wnt3/β-catenin/MFSD2a pathway of the placental-fetal barrier and by affecting maternal fatty acid metabolism.
Dietary Intakes and Circulating Concentrations of Branched-Chain Amino Acids in Relation to Incident Type 2 Diabetes Risk Among High-Risk Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Circulating branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs; isoleucine, leucine, valine) are consistently associated with increased type 2 diabetes (T2D) risk, but the relationship with dietary intake of BCAAs is less clear. METHODS: The longitudinal Nurses' Health Study II cohort conducted a blood collection from 1996 to 1999. We profiled plasma metabolites among 172 incident T2D cases and 175 age-matched controls from women reporting a history of gestational diabetes before blood draw. We estimated dietary energy-adjusted BCAAs from food frequency questionnaires. We used conditional logistic regression models to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% CI of T2D risk across quartiles (Q1-Q4) of BCAAs, adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), physical activity, family history, and other established risk factors. We also assessed joint exposure to below/above medians of diet and plasma concentrations, with lower diet/lower plasma as reference. RESULTS: Dietary and plasma BCAA concentrations were positively associated with incident T2D (diet Q4 vs Q1 OR = 4.6, CI = 1.6, 13.4; plasma Q4 vs Q1 OR = 4.4, CI = 1.4, 13.4). Modeling the joint association indicated that higher diet BCAAs were associated with T2D when plasma concentrations were also higher (OR = 6.0, CI = 2.1, 17.2) but not when concentrations were lower (OR = 1.6, CI = 0.61, 4.1). Conversely, higher plasma BCAAs were associated with increased T2D for either lower or higher diet. CONCLUSIONS: Independent of BMI and other risk factors, higher diet and plasma BCAA concentrations were associated with an increased incident T2D risk among high-risk women with a history of gestational diabetes, supporting impaired BCAA metabolism as conferring T2D risk.
Contra-indications to metformin therapy are largely disregarded.; AIMS: To investigate the current metformin treatment practice and in particular to examine the consideration given to its contraindications. METHODS: A cross-sectional analysis of 308 consecutive Type 2 diabetic patients (mean age 66+/-11.3 years) previously treated with metformin on an outpatient basis and admitted to a German general hospital during the period from 1 January 1995 to 31 May 1998 because of acute disease or in order to optimize their diabetes management. All patients underwent a basic investigation comprising a documentation of their medical history, a physical examination, an electrocardiogram, and an extensive laboratory profile; 34% also had acute coronary angiography. RESULTS: On admission to hospital, 73% of the patients were found to have contra-indications, risk factors, or intercurrent illnesses necessitating discontinuation of metformin; 51% of these patients had several of these conditions. As major contra-indications to metformin, renal impairment was present in 19% of all patients, heart failure in 25%, respiratory insufficiency in 6.5%, and hepatic impairment in 1.3%. The risk factors to metformin included advanced coronary heart disease in 51%, atrial fibrillation in 9.8%, chronic alcohol abuse in 3.3%, advanced peripheral vascular disease in 2%, and pregnancy in 0.7%. As intercurrent illnesses, cerebral ischaemia occurred in 9.8% under metformin treatment and malignancies were diagnosed in 6.5%. The patients with contra-indications or requiring caution to metformin were significantly older and had previously been treated with more cardiovascular medication than those without such reservations (P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Despite the considerable risk of lactic acidosis in the majority of patients, no cases were observed.
Assessment of the SFlt-1 and sFlt-1/25(OH)D Ratio as a Diagnostic Tool in Gestational Hypertension (GH), Preeclampsia (PE), and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM).; BACKGROUND: Placental soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1), an antagonist of vascular endothelial growth factor, is considered an etiological factor of endothelial damage in pregnancy pathologies. An increase in the sFlt-1 level is associated with alterations of endothelial integrity. In contrast, vitamin D exerts a protective effect and low concentrations of 25(OH)D may have an adverse effect on common complications of pregnancy, such as gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to analyze the levels of sFlt-1 in Polish women with physiological pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by GH, PE, and GDM. Moreover, we analyzed relationships between the maternal serum sFlt-1 level and the sFlt-1 to 25(OH)D ratio and the risk of GH and PE. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study included 171 women with complicated pregnancies; among them are 45 with GH, 23 with PE, and 103 with GDM. The control group was comprised of 36 women with physiological pregnancies. Concentrations of sFl-1 and 25(OH)D were measured before delivery, with commercially available immunoassays. RESULTS: Women with GH differed significantly from the controls in terms of their serum sFlt-1 levels (5797 pg/ml vs. 3531 pg/ml, p = 0.0014). Moreover, a significant difference in sFlt-1 concentrations was found between women with PE and those with physiological pregnancies (6074 pg/ml vs. 3531 pg/ml, p < 0.0001). GDM did not exert a statistically significant effect on serum sFlt-1 levels. Both logistic regression and ROC analysis demonstrated that elevated concentration of sFlt-1 was associated with greater risk of GH (AUC = 0.70, p = 0.0001) and PE (AUC = 0.82, p < 0.0001). Also, the sFlt-1 to 25(OH)D ratio, with the cutoff values of 652 (AUC = 0.74, p < 0.0001) and 653 (AUC = 0.88, p < 0.0001), respectively, was identified as a significant predictor of GH and PE. CONCLUSIONS: Determination of the sFlt-1/25(OH)D ratio might provide additional important information and, thus, be helpful in the identification of patients with PE and GH, facilitating their qualification for intensive treatment and improving the neonatal outcomes.
Prothymosin α activates type I collagen to develop a fibrotic placenta in gestational diabetes.; High-risk pregnancies, such as pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), are becoming more common and as such, have become important public health issues worldwide. GDM increases the risks of macrosomia, premature infants, and preeclampsia. Although placental dysfunction, including fibrosis is associated with the development of GDM, factors that link these observations remain unknown. Prothymosin α (ProTα) is expressed in the placenta and is involved in cell proliferation and immunomodulation. It also plays an important role in insulin resistance and fibrosis. However, the role of ProTα in GDM is still unclear. In the present study, we found that fibrosis-related protein expressions, such as type I collagen (Col-1) were significantly increased in the placentae of ProTα transgenic mice. With elevated fibrosis-related protein expressions, placental weights significantly increased in GDM group. In addition, placental and circulating ProTα levels were significantly higher in patients with GDM (n=39), compared with the healthy group (n=102), and were positively correlated with Col-1 expression. Mice with streptozotocin (STZ)-induced GDM had increased ProTα, fasting blood glucose, Col-1, and placental weight, whereas plasma insulin levels were decreased. ProTα overexpression enhanced nuclear factor κB (NFκB) activation to increase fibrosis-related protein expressions in 3A-Sub-E trophoblasts, while treatment with an NFκB inhibitor reversed the effect of ProTα on fibrosis-related protein expressions. We further investigated whether ProTα is regulated by hyperglycemia-induced reactive oxygen species (ROS). In conclusion, ProTα increases the amount of placental connective tissue and thus contributes to the pathogenesis of placental fibrosis in GDM. Therefore, ProTα may be a novel therapeutic target for GDM.
Placental vascularization and apoptosis in Type-1 and gestational DM.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to analyze the alteration in vascularization and apoptosis in the placentas of patients with Type 1 or gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Placental samples drawn from normal (n = 6), GDM (n = 6), and Type 1 DM (n = 6) pregnancies were rinsed in PBS and fixed in 4% paraformaldehyde. The obtained sections were examined by both light and electron microscopy. Subsequently, immunohistochemical staining was performed to evaluate apoptosis and vascularization with caspase-9 and VEGF antibodies. RESULTS: Capillary structures in various sizes, both in free and in stem villi, were observed to be denser in the GDM group than in the control and Type-1 DM groups, utilizing electron microscopy. Similarly, when compared with Type-1 DM and controls, a decreased amount of microvilli with more irregularity and blunting on the villus surface was detected. GDM group showed increased immunoreactivity in capillaries of stem villi, free villi, and endothelial cells when compared with Type-1 DM and control groups. Regarding the immunohistochemical staining with VEGF, Type-1 DM, and GDM groups showed stronger immunoreactivity than the control group, especially in syncytiotrophoblastic cell nuclei and stromal cell nuclei. However, there was no significant difference between Type-1 DM and GDM groups. CONCLUSION: Type-1 DM and GDM placentas showed increased villous stromal capillarization, increased immunoreactivity with VEGF and caspase-9, and increased syncytial nodes, which may develop secondary to placental hypoxia-ischemia. However, more participants are needed to confirm these conclusions.
Importance of Prenatal Diagnosis of Ileal Atresia in Gestational Diabetes Cases.; BACKGROUND Maldevelopment of the fetal bowel can result in the rare condition of intestinal atresia, which results in congenital bowel obstruction. This report describes a case of prenatal diagnosis of fetal ileal atresia at 22 weeks' gestation. CASE REPORT Here, we present a 24-year old woman who was 22 weeks into her first pregnancy when she underwent routine fetal ultrasound. She was diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus. Her body mass index was normal and she had normal weight gain. The ultrasonographic examination performed revealed a hyperechoic bowel and a small dilatation of the bowel. The couple was counselled for possible intestinal atresia and its postnatal implications. At 33 weeks of gestation, polyhydramnios appeared, and the intestinal distension was much more pronounced, with hyperechoic debris in the intestinal lumen (succus-entericus). After birth, surgery was performed and we concluded the patient had type II atresia, which was surgically treated. CONCLUSIONS This report has highlighted the importance of antenatal ultrasound in detecting fetal abnormalities, and has shown that rare conditions such as intestinal atresia can be accurately diagnosed and successfully managed. Surgical correction, if implemented promptly after stabilizing the general condition, can have a relatively good prognosis. Coexisting fetal ileal atresia and gestational diabetes mellitus are rare occurrences, which can make each condition even more difficult to treat.
[Association of lipoprotein a in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study].; Objective: To investigate the association of lipoprotein a (Lpa) in early pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. Methods: A total of 445 pregnant women in 12-14 gestational weeks from "Maternal Key Nutritional Factors and Offspring's Atopic Dermatitis" cohort were included in this study. The demographic characteristics of participants were collected by using questionnaires, and the fasting glucose and lipids levels in early pregnancy were measured. The results of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 24-28 gestational weeks were recorded. Multivariate logistic regression model was applied to analyze the association of Lpa with GDM by calculating the OR and 95%CI after adjustment for covariates. Results: The incidence number of GDM was 78 (17.5%). The Lpa level in pregnant women with GDM was significantly higher than that in pregnant women without GDM [105.5 (92.0, 122.0) vs. 97.0 (87.0, 109.0) mg/L], P<0.05. Lpa was significantly associated with GDM risk [OR (95%CI) =1.21(1.08-1.36) per 10 mg/L], P<0.05. The association was still significant after adjustment for covariates including age, gestational weeks et al, the adjusted OR was 1.14 (95%CI: 1.01-1.30), P=0.03. Conclusions: The elevation of Lpa in early pregnancy is one of risk factor for GDM. Maintaining normal Lpa level during early pregnancy can benefit early prevention of GDM and offspring health.
The impact of maternal diabetes on the future health and neurodevelopment of the offspring: a review of the evidence.; Maternal health during gestational period is undoubtedly critical in shaping optimal fetal development and future health of the offspring. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder occurring in pregnancy with an alarming increasing incidence worldwide during recent years. Over the years, there is a growing body of evidence that uncontrolled maternal hyperglycaemia during pregnancy can potentially have detrimental effect on the neurodevelopment of the offspring. Both human and animal data have linked maternal diabetes with motor and cognitive impairment, as well as autism spectrum disorders, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, learning abilities and psychiatric disorders. This review presents the available data from current literature investigating the relationship between maternal diabetes and offspring neurodevelopmental impairment. Moreover, possible mechanisms accounting for the detrimental effects of maternal diabetes on fetal brain like fetal neuroinflammation, iron deficiency, epigenetic alterations, disordered lipid metabolism and structural brain abnormalities are also highlighted. On the basis of the evidence demonstrated in the literature, it is mandatory that hyperglycaemia during pregnancy will be optimally controlled and the impact of maternal diabetes on offspring neurodevelopment will be more thoroughly investigated.
[Diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy].; INTRODUCTION: The aim was to evaluate the prevalence and progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy in women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Dilated fundal photography was performed at approximately 10 and 28 gestational weeks in 58 and 18 women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, respectively. Retinopathy was classified as five stages +/- macular oedema. Progression was defined as deterioration corresponding to at least one stage between the two examinations. Clinical parameters were obtained from the medical records. RESULTS: Diabetic retinopathy was found in 36 (62%) women with type 1 and three (17%) with type 2 diabetes at the first examination. In 26 (34%) retinopathy progressed; four women developed proliferations, three macular oedema and three reduction of visual acuity >/=0.2 on Snellen's chart in at least one eye. HbA1c in early pregnancy was the only significant predictor of progression (odds ratio = 1.75, 95% confidence interval = 1.09-2.82). Progression of retinopathy also tended to be associated with type 1 diabetes and long diabetes duration. CONCLUSION: The risk of progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy was considerable, especially among women with high HbA1c values in early pregnancy. A few women developed proliferations, macular oedema and reduction of visual acuity. Development of sight-threatening alterations during pregnancy remains a clinical problem.
Selective morphological and volumetric alterations in the hippocampus of children exposed in utero to gestational diabetes mellitus.; Prior epidemiological studies have found that in utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for neurodevelopmental disorders. However, brain alterations associated with GDM are not known. The hippocampus is pivotal for cognition and emotional regulation. Therefore, we assessed relationships between in utero exposure to GDM and hippocampal morphology and subfield structure during childhood. One hundred seventeen children aged 7-11 years (57% girls, 57% exposed to GDM), born at Kaiser Permanente Southern California, participated in the BrainChild Study. Maternal GDM status was determined from electronic medical records. Children underwent brain magnetic resonance imaging. Freesurfer 6.0 was used to measure hippocampal and individual hippocampal subfield gray matter volume (mm(3) ). Morphological analyses on the hippocampal surface were carried out using shape analysis. GDM-exposed children exhibited reduced radial thickness in a small, spatially-restricted portion of the left inferior body of the hippocampus that corresponds to the CA1 subfield. There was a significant interaction between GDM-exposure and sex on the right hippocampal CA1 subfield. GDM-exposed boys had reduced right CA1 volume compared to unexposed boys, but this association was no longer significant after controlling for age. No significant group differences were observed in girls. Our results suggest that GDM-exposure impacts shape of the left hippocampal CA1 subfield in both boys and girls and may reduce volume of right hippocampal CA1 only in boys. These in-depth findings illuminate the unique properties of the hippocampus impacted by prenatal GDM-exposure and could have important implications for hippocampal-related functions.
Pathologic fetal heart rate associated with poor metabolic control in diabetic pregnancies.; Nonstress fetal heart rate (FHR) recording was used as a primary test to detect fetal distress in 145 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes. Testing was performed every second day beginning with the 32nd week of pregnancy and daily after the 34th week until delivery. One hundred eighteen (81.4%) had normal, nine (6.2%) suspicious, and 18 (12.4%) pathologic FHR recordings. Poor metabolic control of diabetes was observed in 25 (17.2%) of the 145 pregnancies during the last trimester of pregnancy. Nine of these 25 women (35%) with poor metabolic control had a suspicious or pathologic FHR recording, which was significantly more frequent (P less than .02) than in women with good metabolic control (18 of 120, 15%). The mean value (+/- SD) of hemoglobin AIc during the last trimester in diabetic women with pathologic FHR records was 7.63 +/- 0.87%, which was significantly higher (P less than .02) than in diabetic women with normal FHR records (6.91 +/- 0.83%). None of the 145 fetuses monitored died in utero. It was concluded that no obvious iatrogenic morbidity was caused by early intervention in cases with pathologic FHR recordings.
Early Gestational Weight Gain Rate and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Korean Women.; During pregnancy, many women gain excessive weight, which is related to adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. In this study, we evaluated whether rate of gestational weight gain (RGWG) in early, mid, and late pregnancy is strongly associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A retrospective chart review of 2,789 pregnant Korean women was performed. Weights were recorded at the first clinic visit, during the screening test for fetal anomaly, and during the 50g oral glucose challenge test and delivery, to represent early, mid, and late pregnancy, respectively. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to examine the relationship between RGWG and adverse pregnancy outcomes. At early pregnancy, the RGWG was significantly associated with high risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), large for gestational age (LGA) infants, macrosomia, and primary cesarean section (P-CS). The RGWG of mid pregnancy was not significantly associated with any adverse pregnancy outcomes. The RGWG at late pregnancy was significantly associated with a lower risk of developing GDM, preterm birth and P-CS, but with a higher risk of developing LGA infants and macrosomia. When the subjects were divided into three groups (Underweight, Normal, and Obese), based on pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), the relationship between early RGWG and adverse pregnancy outcomes was significantly different across the three BMI groups. At early pregnancy, RGWG was not significantly associated to adverse pregnancy outcomes for subjects in the Underweight group. In the Normal group, however, early RGWG was significantly associated with GDM, PIH, LGA infants, macrosomia, P-CS, and small for gestational weight (SGA) infants, whereas early RGWG was significantly associated with only a high risk of PIH in the Obese group. The results of our study suggest that early RGWG is significantly associated with various adverse pregnancy outcomes and that proper preemptive management of early weight gain, particularly in pregnant women with a normal or obese pre-pregnancy BMI, is necessary to reduce the risk of developing adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Primary Health Care for Aboriginal Australian Women in Remote Communities after a Pregnancy with Hyperglycaemia.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy contributes to adverse outcomes for women and their children. The postpartum period is an opportune time to support women to reduce cardiometabolic and diabetes risk in subsequent pregnancies. AIMS: To identify strengths and gaps in current care for Aboriginal women after a pregnancy complicated by hyperglycaemia. METHODS: A retrospective review of the 12 month postpartum care provided by primary health centres in remote Australia in 2013-2014 identified 195 women who experienced hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (gestational diabetes (GDM) (n = 147), type 2 diabetes (T2D) (n = 39), and unclear diabetes status (n = 9)). RESULTS: Only 80 women (54%) with GDM had postpartum glycaemic checks. Of these, 32 women were diagnosed with prediabetes (n = 24) or diabetes (n = 8). Compared to women with GDM, women with T2D were more likely to have their weight measured (75% vs. 52%, p <0.01), and smoking status documented as "discussed" (65% vs. 34%, p < 0.01). Most women (97%) accessed the health centre at least once in the 12 month postpartum period but, during these visits, only 52% of women had service provision, either structured or opportunistic, related to diabetes. CONCLUSION: High rates of dysglycaemia among women screened for T2D after GDM in the 12 month postpartum period highlight the need for increased screening and early intervention to prevent the development of T2D and its complications. Whilst a clear strength was high postpartum attendance, many women did not attend health services for diabetes screening or management.
Long-term effects on offspring of intrauterine exposure to deficits in nutrition.; The number of cell divisions during embryonic and fetal life makes the embryo/fetus particularly vulnerable to effects resulting from exposure to an adverse intrauterine environment. Exposure to drugs and irradiation at this stage of development are able to cause congenital malformations and various cancers in later life. In-utero exposure to hyperglycaemia is able to lead to future diabetes that is heritable, but not genetic in origin. Fetal malnutrition causing growth restriction is able to lead to an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hypertension and ischaemic heart disease in later life, especially if the growth restriction is followed by catch-up growth postnatally. This review discusses the various mechanisms by which these effects may occur, and presents the difficulties that will have to be faced if their world-wide health burdens are to be reduced.
Association of Maternal Glucose Concentrations During Pregnancy With Cardiovascular Alterations in Early Childhood: A Prospective Birth Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hyperglycemia has been associated with cardiovascular disease risks in offspring. Previous studies were mostly conducted to test this association in pregnancies with (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus. However, the association may not be limited to populations with diabetes only. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to assess the association between gestational glucose concentrations in women without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus and childhood cardiovascular alterations at the age of 4 y. METHODS: Our study was based on the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Briefly, among 1016 nondiabetic mothers (age: 30.8 ± 3.42 y; BMI: 21.3 ± 2.94) and their offsprings (age: 4.41 ± 0.22 y; BMI: 15.0 ± 1.56; 53.0% males), results of maternal 1-h oral OGTT between 24 and 28 gestational weeks were obtained. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography, and vascular ultrasound were performed at 4 y old. Linear regression and binary logistic regression were conducted to test the association between maternal glucose and childhood cardiovascular outcomes. RESULTS: Compared with children from mothers with glucose concentrations in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had higher BP (systolic: 97.0 ± 7.41 compared with 98.9 ± 7.82 mmHg, P = 0.006; diastolic: 56.8 ± 5.83 compared with 57.9 ± 6.03 mmHg, P = 0.051) and lower left ventricular ejection fraction (92.5 ± 9.15 compared with 90.8 ± 9.16 %, P = 0.046). Also, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose concentrations across the full range were associated with higher childhood BP (systolic: β: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.93; diastolic: β: 0.36; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.66). Logistic regression showed, compared with children from mothers in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had a 58% (OR=1.58; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.47) higher odds of elevated systolic BP (≥90th percentile). CONCLUSIONS: In a population without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose were associated with childhood cardiovascular structure and function alterations. Further studies are needed to assess whether interventions to reduce gestational glucose will mitigate subsequent cardiometabolic risks in offspring.
Value of autopsy in nonimmune hydrops fetalis: series of 51 stillborn fetuses.; Nonimmune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) is used to describe fetuses and newborns with generalized edema and cavity effusions. It is helpful to alert physicians about the presence of anemia, heart failure, and/or hypoproteinemia, but this diagnosis is frequently overlooked. We reviewed the autopsy files from 1990 to 2000, selected all cases with NIHF including clinical information (with maternal laboratory tests and ultrasound), and classified patients by etiology. Among 840 stillborn autopsies during the 11-year period, we found 51 with NIHF (6.07%). The clinical summary had mentioned hydrops in 14 patients and the etiology in another 7 by fetal ultrasonography, but without addressing the possibility of hydrops. In the remaining 30 cases neither hydrops nor an etiology was mentioned. Other pertinent diagnoses were maternal diabetes mellitus (4), congenital heart disease (3), and cystic hygroma (2). The following diagnoses were made in one instance each: cardiac tumor, twin transfusion syndrome, congenital adenomatoid malformation, syphilis, Turner syndrome, and cerebral arteriovenous malformation. Postmortem and placental examination confirmed the following etiologies: congenital infections (17); placental pathology significant enough to explain NIHF (10); cardiovascular diseases (8) (further classified as congenital heart disease [3], rhabdomyoma [1], and vascular malformations [4]); chromosomal abnormalities (6); uncontrolled maternal diabetes (4); intrathoracic lesions (2); prune-belly syndrome (2); and idiopathic NIHF (2). Only 3.9% of the cases studied had no identifiable etiology. The cause of hydrops was confirmed by autopsy in 47 fetuses (92%), which further supports the importance of performing an autopsy. Thirty-two cases (62.74%) had placental abnormalities helpful to the etiology (parvovirus, syphilis, Turner's syndrome, etc.). In 20 instances, the clinical summary had no mention of either hydrops or any of the diseases leading to it. The autopsy in conjunction with placental examination and fetal ultrasound represent the best combination to determine the etiology of NIHF among stillborn fetuses.
Serum selenium, selenoprotein P, and glutathione peroxidase 3 during early and late pregnancy in association with gestational diabetes mellitus: Prospective Odense Child Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Diet is an important modifiable risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its related complications; however, the role of essential micronutrients such as selenium (Se), particularly in populations with low Se intake, is inconclusive. OBJECTIVES: The aim was to investigate the association of 3 established biomarkers of Se status with GDM, gestational glucose metabolism, and large for gestational-age offspring. METHODS: This study included 1346 pregnant females with 2294 serum samples from the prospective, population-based Odense Child Cohort study, Denmark. Serum Se, selenoprotein P (SELENOP) concentrations, and glutathione peroxidase 3 (GPX3) activity were measured in early and late pregnancy, and fasting glucose and insulin assessments in late pregnancy. Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) was calculated, and the GDM definition was according to the WHO 2013 threshold of fasting venous plasma glucose of ≥5.1 mmol/L. A subcohort underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Regression models adjusted for various confounders quantified dose-dependent associations. RESULTS: Se and SELENOP declined during pregnancy. There were dose-dependent inverse associations of early GPX3 with late pregnancy GDM (WHO 2013), fasting glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, and 2 h glucose. The odds ratio (OR) of GDM was 0.33 (95% CI: 0.16, 0.65) for 1 log-scale-increment in early GPX3 activity. Late pregnancy GPX3 and SELENOP were inversely associated with GDM and HOMA-IR; the OR of GDM was 0.21 (95% CI: 0.12, 0.38) and 0.52 (95% CI: 0.35, 0.77), for 1 log-scale-increment of GPX3 and SELENOP, respectively. A decline in Se biomarkers during pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of GDM and higher HOMA-IR. Low GPX3 activity in late pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of large for gestational-age offspring, partly (∼20%) mediated by fasting glucose concentrations (P = 0.006). CONCLUSIONS: Low serum Se in pregnancy, particularly GPX3 activity, is independently associated with risk of GDM and large for gestational age. Offering Se status assessment in pregnancy identifies females at high risk for GDM who may benefit from Se substitution.
Maternal and fetal outcome of gestational diabetes mellitus in Mulago Hospital, Uganda.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the maternal and foetal outcomes in mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus attending antenatal clinics in Mulago Hospital Kampala Uganda. DESIGN: This was a cohort study. SETTING: Mulago Hospital antenatal clinics. PARTICIPANTS: Ninety mothers with gestational ages between 24-32 weeks were recruited from April to September 2001.They were followed up to the time of delivery. The WHO criterion for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes was used. Thirty mothers with a 2 hrs post prandial capillary blood sugar more than 140 mg/dl were the exposed group and 60 mothers with less than 140 mg/dl were the unexposed group. Blood sugar was measured using a one touch glucometer. OUTCOME VARIABLES: Socio demographic characteristics, maternal complications, mode of delivery and the foetal outcomes. RESULTS: The mean age of mothers in both groups was similar: 28.6 years vs 27.5 years. Both groups had similar body mass index more than 26. The mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were four times more likely to have hypertensive disease(p=0.04) and nine times more likely to have vaginal candidiasis(p=0.002). The modes of delivery were similar in both groups but genital injuries were more common among mothers with GDM. The indications of Caesarian section in mothers with GDM were two times more likely to be due to big babies and obstructed labour. The babies for mothers with GDM were more likely to be macrocosmic, still born, and have shoulder dystocia than those of normal mothers. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus exists in Uganda and is associated with adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. There is need to routinely screen mothers for gestational diabetes in this environment.
A comparison between point-of-care testing and venous glucose determination for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus 6-12 weeks after gestational diabetes.; AIM: To evaluate point-of-care-testing (POCT) for the diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes mellitus 6-12 weeks post-partum in women with gestational diabetes (GDM). METHODS: Post-partum glucose assessment (75-mg oral glucose tolerance test, OGTT) was performed prospectively in 122 women with GDM (1 November 2015 to 1 November 2017) at Tygerberg Hospital, Cape Town, South Africa. Individuals with known pre-existing diabetes were excluded. The accuracy and clinical utility of POCT (capillary finger-prick) were compared with laboratory plasma glucose (hexokinase and glucokinase methods). The OGTT consisted of two time points (fasting and 2 h) during which concurrent glucose samples (POCT and laboratory) were obtained. Bland-Altman plots and paired analysis were used to assess the analytical accuracy of POCT, whereas its diagnostic performance was determined using positive and negative predictive values to calculate specificity and sensitivity. RESULTS: Spearman's ranked correlation analysis indicated a strong association between POCT and laboratory glucose values at both OGTT time points (fasting, r = 0.95, P < 0.0001; 2 h, r = 0.88, P < 0.0001). Thirty-six women were diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes based on gold standard laboratory glucose levels (fasting > 7 mmol/l; 2 h > 11.1 mmol/l). POCT correctly identified Type 2 diabetes in 78% of women (28 of 36) with a positive predictive value of 89.3% and a negative predictive value of 96.7% at the fasting time point. The sensitivity and specificity of POCT to diagnose Type 2 diabetes were 89% (fasting), 85.7% (2 h) and 96.7% (fasting), 98.5% (2 h) respectively. POCT proved less sensitive to diagnose pre-diabetes (69%) but displayed satisfactory specificity (92%) at both time points assessed. CONCLUSION: POCT accurately identifies women with Type 2 diabetes 6-12 weeks after GDM.
Ethnic differences translate to inadequacy of high-risk screening for gestational diabetes mellitus in an Asian population: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Universal and high-risk screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been widely studied and debated. Few studies have assessed GDM screening in Asian populations and even fewer have compared Asian ethnic groups in a single multi-ethnic population. METHODS: 1136 pregnant women (56.7% Chinese, 25.5% Malay and 17.8% Indian) from the Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes (GUSTO) birth cohort study were screened for GDM by 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 26-28 weeks of gestation. GDM was defined using the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria. High-risk screening is based on the guidelines of the UK National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence. RESULTS: Universal screening detected significantly more cases than high-risk screening [crude OR 2.2 (95% CI 1.7-2.8)], particularly for Chinese women [crude OR = 3.5 (95% CI 2.5-5.0)]. Pre-pregnancy BMI > 30 kg/m2 (adjusted OR = 3.4, 95% CI 1.5-7.9) and previous GDM history (adjusted OR = 6.6, 95% CI 1.2-37.3) were associated with increased risk of GDM in Malay women while GDM history was the only significant risk factor for GDM in Chinese women (adjusted OR = 4.7, 95% CI 2.0-11.0). CONCLUSION: Risk factors used in high-risk screening do not sufficiently predict GDM risk and failed to detect half the GDM cases in Asian women. Asian women, particularly Chinese, should be screened to avoid under-diagnosis of GDM and thereby optimize maternal and fetal outcomes.
Dysregulation of gene expression in human fetal endothelial cells from gestational diabetes in response to TGF-β1.; Enhanced biosynthesis of several cytokines, such as, transforming growth factor-β1 (TGF-β1), is detected in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). In this study, we addressed the question of whether the exposure to the abnormal milieu of GDM in vivo affects gene expression pattern of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) in response to TGF-β1. We found that HUVEC isolated from GDM (dHUVEC) had reduced migratory capacity versus those of healthy women (nHUVEC) and this quiescent phenotype was associated with higher expression levels of the TGF-βtype I receptor ALK5 and a slight increase in the endogenous production of TGF-β1 (mainly in its latent form). Moreover, we performed transcriptome analysis, using microarray technology, of dHUVEC versus nHUVEC, after 3h treatment with exogenous TGF-β1 (10 ng/ml). The treatment of dHUVEC with TGF-β1 caused downregulation of the transcription of multiple genes involved in development, cell movement and migration of cells versus TGF-β1-treated nHUVEC. These changes in transcriptome profile might contribute to GDM-dependent alterations in cardiac morphogenesis and placental development.
Association of hypertriglyceridaemia with pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, gestational diabetes and uterine artery pulsatility index.; BACKGROUND: We aimed to determine whether high plasma triglyceride levels in the second trimester of pregnancy are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes including preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia and high uterine artery pulsatility index. METHODS: This prospective cohort study was done between 2008 and 2010. Plasma levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride were measured after 8 hours of overnight fasting. We compared the outcomes of 45 pregnant women who had high triglyceride levels (>195 mg/dl) with 135 pregnant women with triglyceride levels <195 mg/dl. The main outcome measures were the incidence of preterm birth, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and uterine artery pulsatility index. RESULTS: Eight women with high triglyceride levels had preeclampsia (17.8% v. 3.7% in the control group, p<0.004), preterm birth occurred in 24.4% and 5.9% in the high triglyceride group and the control group, respectively (OR 5.1,95% CI 1.9-13.8, p<0.0001). The incidence of gestational diabetes in the high triglyceride group was significantly higher than that in the control group. There was no difference in uterine artery Doppler ultrasound between the two groups. CONCLUSION: There is a positive relation between hypertriglyceridaemia and pre-eclampsia, preterm birth and gestational diabetes.
[Diabetus mellitus and pregnancy].; OBJECTIVE: The evaluation of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective study regarding 16 pregnant patients, with type 1 diabetes mellitus and variable retinal changes before the pregnancy: without retinal changes (5 cases), minimal diabetic retinopathy (7 cases), severe diabetic retinopathy (3 cases), proliferative diabetic retinopathy with panphotocoagulation before the pregnancy (1 case). The patients had a complete general and ocular investigation. RESULTS: The patients without retinal changes were not influenced by pregnancy; the patients with minimal changes presented an aggravation of the diabetic retinopathy with an amelioration post-partum in 3 from the 7 cases; the patients with severe diabetic retinopathy suffered an aggravation in 1 from the 3 cases; the patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy with panphotocoagulation before the pregnancy did not present any important changes during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The pregnancy represents a risk factor in the evolution of retinal changes in diabetic patients. The monitoring of the retinal changes and of the patients during the pregnancy is strongly recommended.
Olive oil consumption confers protective effects on maternal-fetal outcomes: A systematic review of the evidence.; Because of the maternal diet's importance, numerous studies have examined the effects of olive oil on pregnancy outcomes. This study provides a systematic review that evaluates the evidence between olive oil consumption and maternal-fetal outcomes. We hypothesized that olive oil reduced the risk of adverse pregnancy complications. We searched Web of Science, Scopus, PubMed, and Biblioteca Virtual em Saúde electronic databases (October and November 2021). The keywords used were pregnancy, olive oil, and pregnancy outcomes. This review included all the available studies in English and Portuguese. The exclusion criteria were (1) unrelated to olive oil consumption, (2) other outcomes, and (3) animal studies. The review included 9 articles (6 experimental and 3 observational). In the maternal outcome studies (n = 6), a higher olive oil consumption was associated with a lower prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, and cardiovascular risk. In the fetal outcome studies (n = 8), olive oil consumption was associated with a lower risk for small- or large-for-gestational-age infants. Olive oil consumption confers protective effects on pregnancy outcomes; however, further studies are needed that are specifically designed for the impact of olive oil consumption on maternal-fetal outcomes.
Longitudinal circulating concentrations of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in the third trimester of pregnancy in gestational diabetes.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common complication of pregnancy. Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) are essential for fetal neurodevelopment. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is the predominant n-3 LCPUFA in the brain and retina. Circulating absolute concentrations of total n-3 and n-6 LCPUFAs rise during normal pregnancy. It remains unclear whether gestational diabetes may affect the normal rise in circulating concentrations of LCPUFAs in the third trimester of pregnancy - a period of rapid fetal neurodevelopment. This study aimed to address this question. METHODS: In a prospective singleton pregnancy cohort, fatty acids in fasting plasma total lipids were measured at 24-28 and 32-35 weeks of gestation in women with (n = 24) and without gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 116). Fatty acid desaturase activity indices were estimated by relevant product-to-precursor fatty acid ratios. Dietary nutrient intakes were estimated by a food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: Plasma absolute concentrations of total n-6 LCPUFAs rose significantly between 24-28 and 32-35 weeks of gestation in women with or without gestational diabetes, whereas total n-3 LCPUFAs and DHA concentrations rose significantly only in women without gestational diabetes (all P < 0.01). Delta-5 desaturase indices (20:4n-6/20:3n-6) were similar, but delta-6 desaturase indices (18:3n-6/18:2n-6) were significantly lower in women with gestational diabetes at 32-35 weeks of gestation. Dietary intakes of all fatty acids were comparable. CONCLUSION: The normal rise in circulating absolute concentrations of DHA and total n-3 LCPUFAs in the third trimester of pregnancy may be compromised in gestational diabetes, probably due to impaired synthesis or mobilization rather than dietary intake difference.
[Adenosine-3', 5' -monophosphate in amniotic fluid of normal and high-risk pregnancy (author's transl)].; Transfer of information by cyclic AMP (cAMP) is an important principle of hormonal regulation. The endocrine and metabolic changes during pregnancy may result from a changed cAMP metabolism. At the beginning of systematic investigations on this complex of problems we determined the cAMP content in 111 samples of amniotic fluid from 104 pregnant women without risk symptoms between the eleventh and fortieth week of pregnancy. Up to the 20th week of pregnancy the cAMP content of the amniotic fluid remains constant (5 - 15pmol/ml) and subsequently rises (40th week: 19 - 35pmol/ml). We compared the cAMP content of 27 amniotic fluid samples from 22 risk pregnancies with the normal range which was established in this way. Higher levels of cAMP were measured in the amniotic fluid of women with hypertonic toxemia of pregnancy, gestational diabetes and intrauterine malnutrition - especially in relation to the birth weight. The various possible interpretations for this behavior must be clarified by further investigations.
[Course of pregnancy and delivery in patients with pregestational diabetes mellitus].; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy in a woman with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) is associated with increased risk of complications in both the mother and the fetus. A close surveillance is strongly recommended in these pregnancies. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to assess perinatal outcome in pregnancies complicated by PGDM. STUDY DESIGN: The study covered 127 pregnancies with PGDM. Apart from perinatal outcome the patient's age, past obstetric history, the duration of perinatal diabetic care and the course of pregnancy were taken into consideration. Diabetes mellitus was classified according to White. RESULTS: 37.8% of patients were diagnosed PGDM B class, 38.6%--C class, 15.7%--D class, 1.6%--F class and 6.3%--RF class. Less than half of women (45.5%) remained under medical care since the first trimester. The arterial hypertension was the most common complication of pregnancy and occurred in over 18% of studied pregnancies. The incidence of preterm delivery was 41.7%. Cesarean section was performed in 55.9% of patients. 16.6% of the neonates had a birth weight below 2500 g. 4 neonates were stillborn (2.4%) and the next 3 ones (2.4%) died within the first month following the delivery. Congenital heart defects were found in 8.7% of offsprings. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the progress in perinatal care pregestational diabetes mellitus is still associated with increased risk of maternal and fetal mortality and morbidity.
[Placental vascular changes in maternal diabetes mellitus].; Uniform pathological changes characteristic for the diabetes mellitus in the placenta were not revealed. In 63 per cent of the 22 cases morphological changes in the small- and middle vessels were observed. The most severe pathological changes were seen in the media in form of concentric fibrosis. It caused narrowing of the lumen, although the intima remained undamaged. It was not possible to detect a correlation between the severity of damage to the placentar vessels and groups described by White.
Activin-A in diabetes-induced cardiac malformations in embryos.; BACKGROUND: Heart defects are the most common abnormalities in infants of diabetic mothers. Cardiac malformation is associated with altered expression of the genes in the transforming growth factor β system, including inhibin βA, which forms activin-A as a homodimer and functions through its effectors, Smad2 and Smad3. This study aimed to investigate the role of activin-A in diabetes-induced cardiac malformations. METHODS: Diabetes mellitus in female mice (C57BL/6J) was induced via intravenous injection of streptozotocin. The expression of inhibin βA protein and phosphorylation of Smad2 and Smad3 in the embryonic hearts were examined using immunohistochemical, in situ proximity ligation, and immunoblot assays. Embryos and endocardial cushions of nondiabetic mice were cultured in a high concentration of glucose and treated with activin-A. Mitosis was examined using BrdU incorporation assay and immunohistochemistry of phosphorylated histone H3. Migration of the endocardial cells was assessed using a collagen-based cell migration assay. RESULTS: The levels of inhibin βA expression and Smad2 and Smad3 activation were significantly reduced by maternal diabetes. Treatment with activin-A significantly increased cell proliferation in the myocardium and migration of endocardial cells, compared with those in vehicle-treated high glucose group, to the level in the euglycemic control group. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes suppresses the expression of inhibin βA protein, as well as the activation of Smad2 and Smad3. Activin-A rescues cell proliferation in the myocardium and migration of the endocardial cells suppressed by hyperglycemia. The activin-Smad2/3 signaling system appears to play a role in cardiac malformation in diabetic embryopathy.
Expression of insulin-like growth factors I and II in conceptuses from normal and diabetic mice.; Insulin-like growth factors (IGF-I and IGF-II) play an important regulatory role in fetal growth and development. Alterations in expression of these growth factors may result in developmental abnormalities, macrosomia, and intrauterine growth retardation, which occur with a higher incidence in diabetic pregnancies. In situ hybridization histochemistry was employed to investigate the distribution and abundance of IGF-I and IGF-II in peri-implantation and postimplantation conceptuses from normal and streptozotocin-treated diabetic mice. Animals were sacrificed on gestational days 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9. The entire uterine horn was prepared for hybridization with antisense and sense alpha 35S-dATP labeled oligonucleotide probes for IGF-I, IGF-II, and mouse beta-actin. IGF-I transcript was apparent only in myometrium at 6 days of gestation in normal and diabetic mice. IGF-II transcripts were restricted to trophoectoderm cells within the implantation chamber on day 5. Following implantation, IGF-II transcripts were found in trophoectodermal derivatives, primitive endoderm, mesoderm, heart, walls of the foregut, and mesenchyme in normal and diabetic postimplantation conceptuses. There were no apparent differences between normal and diabetic samples in the distribution and abundance of the IGF-II transcript from gestational days 7, 8, and 9. The embryos from the diabetic mother at day 6 were growth retarded and had a significant decrease in the expression of IGF-II. These results suggest that maternal hyperglycemia may retard development of the early implanting conceptus in a narrow window around day 6 through a mechanism involving decreased IGF-II expression.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Maternal metabolic diseases related to pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity in mexican women with high risk pregnancy].; INTRODUCTION: Pre-pregnancy obesity has been proposed as a risk factor related to gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. OBJECTIVES: Identify pregnancy related diseases associated with pre-pregnancy obesity as a risk factor ina high risk preganancy patient population. METHODS: 600 patients whose pre-pregnancy obesity had been assessed as a high risk factor were included in the study. The means, standard deviation, median, interquartile intervals, Pearson and Spearman correlation and logistic regression to estimate risk with the odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals were calculated. RESULTS: The mean pre-pregnancy body mass index was 29.59 ± 6.42 kg/m(2). The mean for recommended pregnancy weight gain was 2.31 ± 1.03 kg, but the mean of real weight gain was 8.91 ± 6.84 kg. A significant correlation between pre-pregnancy obesity and family history of diabetes mellitus (p=0.000), systemic hypertension (p=0.003), cardiac diseases (p=0.000), dyslipidemia (p=0.000) and obesity (p=0.000) was identified. Pre-pregnancy obesity was identified as a risk factor for the development of gestational diabetes (OR: 1.95; IC95%: 1.39 to 2.76; p=0.000) in this kind of patient. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION: 75% of high risk pregnancy women in a high specialty hospital in West Mexico are overweight or obese when they become pregnant. These are risk factors in the development of gestational diabetes.
Pregnancy after bariatric surgery: a current view of maternal, obstetrical and perinatal challenges.; With the increase in the number of bariatric surgeries being performed in women of childbearing age, physicians must have concerns regarding the safety of pregnancy after bariatric surgery. The aim of this review is to summarize the literature reporting on maternal, obstetrical and perinatal implications of pregnancy following BS. METHODS: English, Spanish and Portuguese-language articles were identified in a PUBMED search from 2005 to February 2011 using the keywords for pregnancy and bariatric surgery or gastric bypass or gastric banding. RESULTS: The studies show improved fertility and a reduced risk of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia, macrosomia in pregnant women after bariatric surgery. The incidence of intrauterine growth restriction and small for gestational age are increased. No conclusions can be drawn concerning the risk for cesarean delivery and the best surgery-to-conception interval. Deficiencies in iron, vitamin A, vitamin B12, vitamin K, folate and calcium can result in maternal and fetal complications. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy outcome of women who delivered after BS, as compared to obese populations, is better and safer and comparable to the general population. Close supervision before, during and after pregnancy following bariatric surgery and nutrient supplementation adapted to the patient's individual requirements can prevent nutrition-related complications and improve maternal and fetal health.
Maternal arachidonic acid supplementation improves neurodevelopment of offspring from healthy and diabetic rats.; Maternal diabetes may compromise infant arachidonic acid status and development. This study tested if maternal arachidonic acid supplementation improves neurodevelopment in rat offspring. Dams were randomized into 6 groups using a 3x2 design: Saline-Placebo, streptozotocin-induced diabetes with glucose controlled at <13mmol/L, or poorly controlled at 13-20mmol/L using insulin; and fed either control or an arachidonic acid (0.5% of fat) diet throughout reproduction. Offspring were tested on post-natal days 3 and 5 for righting response, days 7 and 9 for negative geotaxis, day 14 for wire hanging endurance, days 18 and 24 for rota rod endurance, and day 28 for Morris water maze performance. Only the poorly controlled group had impaired day 7 geotaxis and day 18 rota rod performance (p<0.02), but this improved with maternal arachidonic acid supplementation (p<0.0006). Arachidonic acid improved the wire hanging endurance (p=0.0003) and water maze latency (p=0.0021), suggesting enhanced neurodevelopment in all offspring.
Factors affecting mode of delivery in women of advanced maternal age.; With the implementation of the two-child policy in China, an increased number of women of advanced maternal age (AMA) have been giving birth. Formulating evidence-based guidance for the clinical management of this population is crucial. This retrospective study aimed to explore factors influencing the mode of delivery in women of AMA. Data on 350 women of AMA who delivered at Shanghai Putuo Maternity & Infant Health Hospital from January to June of 2016 were collected. Results indicated that most (114/134, 85%) of the multiparae chose delivery via cesarean section (CS) because of uterine scarring. There were significant differences in the body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy, BMI at delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), and placenta previa between the CS and vaginal delivery groups (P < 0.05 for all). The current results suggest that vaginal delivery is recommended for the first delivery whenever reasonable. Moreover, management of metabolic disorders during pregnancy is essential to effectively reduce the rate of CS among women of AMA.
Obstetrical outcomes of pregnant women 50 years and older compared to those aged 45-49 years: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIM: In this review, We compared clinical characteristics of pregnant women aged 50 and older with those aged 45-49. Pregnant women ≥45 years are strongly associated with pregnancy-related complications, such as cesarean section rate, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm birth. Although pregnant women ≥50 years are considered more high-risk, differences in pregnancy outcomes between those over 45 and 50 years of age are unclear. METHODS: Our source strategy included using PubMed, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Web of Science databases to include studies published between January 1, 2010 and September 30, 2022. The study population was pregnant women 50 years and older; the control group was pregnant women aged 45-49 years. Primary outcomes were cesarean section, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm birth. The secondary outcomes were small-for-gestational age, 5-min Apgar score < 7, neonatal intensive care unit admission (as neonatal outcomes), nulliparity, assisted reproductive technology (ART), and multifetal pregnancy (as maternal backgrounds). RESULTS: The incidence of cesarean section, gestational hypertension, and preterm delivery was significantly higher in those 50 years and older; however, significant differences disappeared when pooled analyses were limited to singleton pregnancies. ART was significantly more likely to be used for conception of pregnant women ≥50 years. Infants of women ≥50 years were more likely to be admitted to NICUs. CONCLUSIONS: The differences in outcomes between the two groups are obviously influenced by multiple pregnancies, therefore, reproductive medicine specialists should aim for singleton pregnancies in ART.
Is the metabolic syndrome a "small baby" syndrome?: the bogalusa heart study.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome has been called a "small baby syndrome," but other analyses suggest that postnatal growth is more important than birthweight, or that large babies are also at risk. The aim of this analysis was to examine whether there was a relationship between both low and high birthweight and metabolic syndrome, using multiple definitions of metabolic syndrome, and to determine whether this relationship varied by body size across the life course. METHODS: Data from the Bogalusa Heart Study, a study of cardiovascular disease in children and young adults, were linked to birth certificate data. Metabolic syndrome was defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program, the International Diabetes Foundation, and the World Health Organization (WHO) definition. Small-for-gestational-age (SGA) was defined as birthweight <10(th) percentile by sex for gestational age and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) as birthweight >90(th) percentile. Birthweight-for-gestational-age was also examined as a continuous predictor. Chi-squared tests and logistic regression were used to examine the relationship between birth size and metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: Higher birthweight-for-gestational-age was associated with a reduced risk of metabolic syndrome, especially by the WHO definition. After adjustment for body mass index (BMI), categorized birthweight was associated with metabolic syndrome, with the protective associations with LGA being stronger than the positive associations with SGA. Among the individual components of metabolic syndrome, higher waist circumference was associated with both SGA and LGA after BMI was controlled for. Effects of SGA and BMI at any age were largely independent rather than interactive. CONCLUSIONS: SGA is associated with some, but not all, components of metabolic syndrome. The relationship between SGA and metabolic syndrome is partially confounded by later BMI.
Birth outcomes in women with gestational diabetes managed by lifestyle modification alone: The PANDORA study.; AIMS: To assess outcomes of women in the Pregnancy and Neonatal Diabetes Outcomes in Remote Australia (PANDORA) cohort with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) managed by lifestyle modification compared with women without hyperglycaemia in pregnancy. METHODS: Indigenous (n = 97) and Europid (n = 113) women managed by lifestyle modification were compared to women without hyperglycaemia (n = 235). Multivariate linear and logistic regressions assessed whether GDM-lifestyle women had poorer outcomes compared to women without hyperglycaemia. RESULTS: Women with GDM-lifestyle had higher body mass index and lower gestational weight gain than women without hyperglycaemia. On univariate analysis, gestational age at delivery was lower and induction rates were higher in women with GDM-lifestyle than without hyperglycaemia. On multivariable regression, GDM-lifestyle was associated with lower gestational age at delivery (by 0.73 weeks), lower birthweight z-score (by 0.26, p = 0.007), lower likelihood of large for gestational age (LGA) [OR (95% CI): 0.55 (0.28, 1.02), p = 0.059], and greater likelihood of labour induction [2.34 (1.49, 3.66), p < 0.001] than women without hyperglycaemia. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM managed by lifestyle modification had higher induction rates and their offspring had lower birthweight z-scores, with a trend to lower LGA than those without hyperglycaemia in pregnancy. Further studies are indicated to explore reasons for higher induction rates.
Amniotic fluid index: correlation with amniotic fluid volume.; We calculated the amniotic fluid indexes (AFIs) of 310 women on 459 occasions. Normative data were analyzed and compared with data in several high-risk groups. In the normal gestations there was a progressive increase in AFI with advancing gestation until 32 weeks, after which there was a decline. The mean AFIs in abnormal gestations varied with the clinical diagnoses. These values were compared to those obtained by assessing amniotic fluid volume (AFV), that is a pocket more than 2 cm. There were 51 patients with abnormal AFVs. Forty-two had decreased fluid, six also had decreased AFIs; nine had increased AFVs and five (all with diabetes) also had increased AFIs. Thus, AFIs in normal pregnancies showed an orderly pattern of change with gestational age, and there was no accurate correlation between AFI and AFV. Thus, using AFV alone may lead to false interpretations of amniotic fluid status.
Iris vascular changes in newborns of diabetic mothers.; Routine ophthalmic examinations of 600 full-term neonates, including 54 born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 12 whose mothers had developed gestational diabetes, revealed significant tortuosity and dilatation of the iris vessels in over half of the infants born to diabetic mothers. Ninety percent of the newborns in the diabetic group presented hypoplasia of the iris stroma and pupil dynamics were altered in 85%. The vessel changes resolved spontaneously within 2 weeks after birth. These changes, which have also been observed in cocaine-intoxicated newborns, should raise the suspicion of adverse vascular effects in the fetus caused by maternal diabetes.
The Role of Maternal Gestational Diabetes in Inducing Fetal Endothelial Dysfunction.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to be associated with fetal endothelial dysfunction, however, the mechanisms are not fully understood. This study examines the effect of maternal diabetes on fetal endothelial function and gene expression under physiological glucose conditions (5 mM). Human umbilical vein endothelial cell (HUVEC) isolated from diabetic mothers (d.HUVEC) grew more slowly than HUVEC isolated from healthy mothers (c.HUVEC) and had delayed doubling time despite increased levels of total vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression and protein production as determined by real-time PCR and ELISA respectively. Using western blot, the levels of antiproliferative VEGF165b isoform were increased in d.HUVEC relative to c.HUVEC. Successful VEGF165b knockdown by small interfering RNA (siRNA) resulted in increased proliferation of d.HUVEC measured by MTT, compared with negative siRNA control, to similar levels measured in c.HUVEC. In addition, d.HUVEC generated excess levels of ROS as revealed by 2',7' Dichlorodihydrofluorescein Diacetate (DCFH-DA) and Nitrotetrazolium blue (NBT). Using microarray, 102 genes were differentially overexpressed between d.HUVEC versus c.HUVEC (>1.5-fold change; P < 0.05). Functional clustering analysis of these differentially expressed genes revealed participation in inflammatory responses (including adhesion) which may be related to pathological outcomes. Of these genes, ICAM-1 was validated as upregulated, confirming microarray results. Additional confirmatory immunofluorescence staining revealed increased protein expression of ICAM-1 compared with c.HUVEC which was reduced by vitamin C treatment (100 μM). Thus, maternal diabetes induces persistent alterations in fetal endothelial function and gene expression following glucose normalization and antioxidant treatment could help reverse endothelium dysfunction.
Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Middle East and North Africa, 2000-2019: A Systematic Review, Meta-Analysis, and Meta-Regression.; Women in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region are burdened with several risk factors related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) including overweight and high parity. We systematically reviewed the literature and quantified the weighted prevalence of GDM in MENA at the regional, subregional, and national levels. Studies published from 2000 to 2019 reporting the prevalence of GDM in the MENA region were retrieved and were assessed for their eligibility. Overall and subgroup pooled prevalence of GDM was quantified by random-effects meta-analysis. Sources of heterogeneity were investigated by meta-regression. The risk of bias (RoB) was assessed by the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute's tool. One hundred and two research articles with 279,202 tested pregnant women for GDM from 16 MENA countries were included. Most of the research reports sourced from Iran (36.3%) and Saudi Arabia (21.6%), with an overall low RoB. In the 16 countries, the pooled prevalence of GDM was 13.0% (95% confidence interval [CI], 11.5-14.6%, I(2) , 99.3%). Nationally, GDM was highest in Qatar (20.7%, 95% CI, 15.2-26.7% I(2) , 99.0%), whereas subregionally, GDM was highest in Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries (14.7%, 95% CI, 13.0-16.5%, I(2) , 99.0%). The prevalence of GDM was high in pregnant women aged ≥30 years (21.9%, 95% CI, 18.5-25.5%, I(2) , 97.1%), in their third trimester (20.0%, 95% CI, 13.1-27.9%, I(2) , 98.8%), and who were obese (17.2%, 95% CI, 12.8-22.0%, I(2) , 93.8%). The prevalence of GDM was 10.6% (95% CI, 8.1-13.4%, I(2) , 98.9%) in studies conducted before 2009, whereas it was 14.0% (95% CI, 12.1-16.0%, I(2) , 99.3%) in studies conducted in or after 2010. Pregnant women in the MENA region are burdened with a substantial prevalence of GDM, particularly in GCC and North African countries. Findings have implications for maternal health in the MENA region and call for advocacy to unify GDM diagnostic criteria. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42018100629.
Early pregnancy metabolites predict gestational diabetes mellitus: implications for fetal programming.; BACKGROUND: Aberrant fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus seems to increase the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The inability to accurately identify gestational diabetes mellitus in the first trimester of pregnancy has thwarted ascertaining whether early therapeutic interventions reduce the predisposition to these prevalent medical disorders. OBJECTIVE: A metabolomics study was conducted to determine whether advanced analytical methods could identify accurate predictors of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This nested observational case-control study was composed of 92 gravidas (46 in the gestational diabetes mellitus group and 46 in the control group) in early pregnancy, who were matched by maternal age, body mass index, and gestational age at urine collection. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed according to community standards. A comprehensive metabolomics platform measured 626 endogenous metabolites in randomly collected urine. Consensus multivariate criteria or the most important by 1 method identified low-molecular weight metabolites independently associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, and a classification tree selected a subset most predictive of gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Urine for both groups was collected at a mean gestational age of 12 weeks (range, 6-19 weeks' gestation). Consensus multivariate analysis identified 11 metabolites independently linked to gestational diabetes mellitus. Classification tree analysis selected a 7-metabolite subset that predicted gestational diabetes mellitus with an accuracy of 96.7%, independent of maternal age, body mass index, and time of urine collection. CONCLUSION: Validation of this high-accuracy model by a larger study is now needed to support future studies to determine whether therapeutic interventions in the first trimester of pregnancy for gestational diabetes mellitus reduce short- and long-term morbidity.
Association of History of Gestational Diabetes With Long-term Cardiovascular Disease Risk in a Large Prospective Cohort of US Women.; IMPORTANCE: Previous studies identify gestational diabetes (GD) as a risk factor for intermediate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk; however, few are prospective, evaluate hard CVD end points, or account for shared risk factors including body weight and lifestyle. OBJECTIVE: To prospectively evaluate history of GD in relation to incident CVD risk. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) is an observational cohort study of US female nurses established in 1989, with ongoing follow-up. Biennial questionnaires updated behavioral characteristics, health outcomes, and lifestyle factors. Multivariable Cox models estimated the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% CI for CVD risk. We included 89 479 women who reported at least 1 pregnancy and were free of CVD and cancer at baseline. Follow-up through May 31, 2015, was complete for more than 90% of eligible participants. EXPOSURES: History of GD was self-reported at baseline (1989) via questionnaire and updated every 2 years. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: We observed 1161 incident self-reported nonfatal or fatal myocardial infarction or stroke, confirmed via medical records. RESULTS: Participants had a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years. Adjusting for age, prepregnancy body mass index, and other covariates, GD vs no GD was associated with subsequent CVD (HR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.12-1.81). Additional adjustment for weight gain since pregnancy and updated lifestyle factors attenuated the association (HR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.01-1.65). Classifying GD by progression to T2D in relation to CVD risk indicated a positive association for GD with progression to T2D vs no GD or T2D (HR, 4.02; 95% CI, 1.94-8.31), and an attenuated relationship for GD only (HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 0.99-1.71). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Gestational diabetes was positively associated with CVD later in life, although the absolute rate of CVD in this younger cohort of predominantly white women was low. This relationship is possibly mediated in part by subsequent weight gain and lack of healthy lifestyle.
Antenatal umbilical coiling index in gestational diabetes mellitus and non-gestational diabetes pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Umbilical cord abnormalities increase fetal morbidity and mortality. This study was designed to compare antenatal umbilical coiling index (aUCI) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-gestational diabetes mellitus (non-GDM) pregnancy, considering uncertainties about the best time to perform antenatal ultrasonography scan. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this prospective study, 246 parturients were included, 123 with GDM and 123 with non-GDM pregnancy. Gestational diabetes was confirmed at 24-28 weeks of gestation (WG) using one-step strategy. An anatomical ultrasound survey of placenta and umbilical cord was performed at 18-23 as well as 37-41 weeks of gestational age. RESULTS: At 18-23 WG, the frequency distribution (10th, 90th percentiles, mean ± SD) of the aUCI in the GDM and non-GDM groups were (0.13,0.66,0.32 ± 0.19) and (0.18,0.74, 0.4 ± 0.31) respectively. These values were (0.12,0.4, 0.25 ± 0.11) in the GDM group at 37-41 WG and (0.17,0.43, 0.29 ± 0.11) in the non-GDM group. A significant relationship was detected between UCI value and GDM/non-GDM groups at both antenatal evaluations (18-23 WG; P = 0.002, 37-41WG; P < 0.001). A significant association at 18-23 WG was found between GDM/non-GDM groups and aUCI categorization (hypocoiling <10th, normocoiling 10th-90th and hypercoiling >90th) (P = 0.001). However, hypocoiling were significantly more frequent in GDM than non-GDM in both antenatal evaluations (P < 0.001, P = 0.006). CONCLUSION: Antenatal UCI in pregnancy complicated by GDM were lower in comparison with non-GDM pregnancy. The most abnormal pattern of coiling in gestational diabetes was hypocoiling in both trimesters. In addition, 18-23 WG is the best time to perform ultrasound scan to detect aUCI and umbilical cord pattern.
Hearing outcomes in children of diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Children of diabetic pregnancies (CDPs) face numerous risk factors for hearing loss (HL). The objective of this study was to investigate the hearing outcomes of CDPs on a population scale. METHODS: Using the Audiological and Genetic Database, the prevalence, severity, and progression of HL in CDPs was compared against children of non-diabetic pregnancies (CNDPs) who served as controls. RESULTS: Among 311 CDPs, 71.1% demonstrated evidence of HL compared to 45.5% in CNDPs (p < 0.001). The mean age at which CDPs received audiograms was 3.6 years compared to 5.4 years for CNDPs (p < 0.001). Compared to CNDPs, CDPs were similarly affected by common otologic conditions such as acute otitis media (25.7%), chronic otitis media (38.3%), and Eustachian tube dysfunction (41.8%) (all p > 0.05). CDPs were more likely to have bilateral HL (81%) and sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL) (8%) relative to CNDPs (p < 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). Rates of conductive HL and mixed HL were not significantly different between groups (p = 0.952 and p = 0.058, respectively). CDPs were at significant risk for the development of HL (aOR 1.66 [1.28-2.17], SNHL (aOR 1.63 [1.01-2.52], and high-frequency HL (aOR 1.32 [1.03-1.68]). Of the comorbidities evaluated, CDPs with hyperbilirubinemia (aOR 1.85 [1.18-2.84]), perinatal asphyxia (aOR 1.90 [1.06-3.16]), or congenital heart disease (aOR 1.21 [1.07-1.37]) demonstrated higher risk of SNHL. CONCLUSION: Children of diabetic pregnancies face increased risks of developing HL, particularly bilateral and sensorineural hearing loss. Given these findings, we recommend close audiologic follow-up for these children, especially those with complicated birth histories or additional medical problems.
Reduced short-term variability of fetal heart rate in association with maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetic women.; The differential index, which describes the short-term component of fetal heart rate variability, and maternal blood glucose levels were measured 109 times in 19 insulin-dependent diabetic mothers in the second half of gestation. An abnormal differential index was observed more often with maternal hyperglycemia (11/45) than with normoglycemia (5/64). A significant negative linear correlation was found between the differential index and the blood glucose level of the mother.
[How I explore ... the controversy concerning the role of oral glucose tolerance test in clinical practice].; The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) has been widely used for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance. However, since 1997, OGTT is not considered anymore as the first choice test for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance, being replaced by fasting glycaemia. Numerous studies, however, stressed the discrepancies between these two diagnostic approaches, so that OGTT still has defenders as a useful tool to diagnose diabetes. Besides, emphasis has been recently put on both postprandial hyperglycaemia, considered as a major cardiovascular risk factor, and impaired glucose tolerance as a predictor of progression toward overt type 2 diabetes, two parameters well addressed by the OGTT. Thus, even if the place to be reserved to the OGTT is controversial, in our opinion, this test still has a place in clinical biology.
Menstrual cycle length and adverse pregnancy outcomes among women in Project Viva.; BACKGROUND: Retrospective studies suggest that menstrual cycle length may be a risk marker of adverse pregnancy outcomes, but this evidence is susceptible to recall bias. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the prospective association between menstrual cycle length and the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: Secondary analysis of 2046 women enrolled in Project Viva at ~10 weeks of gestation and followed through delivery. The exposure was menstrual cycle length. The outcomes included gestational glucose tolerance (gestational diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance [GDM/IGT] and isolated hyperglycaemia), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (gestational hypertension/preeclampsia), gestational weight gain, birthweight-for-gestational age z-scores (BWZ) categorised in tertiles, preterm birth and birth outcome (live birth and pregnancy loss). We used modified Poisson and multinomial logistic regression adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, parity, age at menarche and pre-pregnancy body mass index. RESULTS: Mean (SD) age at enrolment was 32.1 (4.9) years. Most women (74.3%) had a cycle length of 26-34 days (reference group), 16.2% reported short cycles (≤25 days), and 9.5% reported long/irregular cycles (≥35 days/too irregular to estimate). Compared with the reference group, women with short cycles had lower odds of GDM/IGT (odds ratio [OR] 0.50, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.28, 0.89), whereas women with long/irregular cycles had higher odds (OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.04, 2.83). Additionally, women with short cycles had higher odds of having a newborn in the lowest tertile of BWZ (OR 1.45, 95% CI 1.06, 1.98). There was a U-shaped relation between cycle length and preterm birth with both short (relative risk [RR] 1.49, 95% CI 0.98, 2.27) and long/irregular (RR 2.04, 95% CI 1.30, 3.20) cycles, associated with a higher risk. CONCLUSIONS: Variation in menstrual cycle length may be a risk marker of GDM/IGT, lower birth size and preterm birth and flag women who may benefit from targeted monitoring and care before and during pregnancy.
[Placental changes in diabetes mellitus with special reference to villi maturation disorders. (Morphological findings and severity of the disease)].; The placentas of 30 cases of diabetes mellitus were examined. The degree of severity of the disease was classified according to the schema of White. Related to the gestation period different degrees of severity of diabetes mellitus revealed nearly the same weight of the placentas. Similar relations were found referred to the height of the placenta-child-index. Implantation lesions occured in 56, 7% of all cases, most of these in cases with strong diabetes mellitus. The greater number of lesions were insertion anomalies of the cord. All placentas-showed disturbed circulation by dominance of disturbed blood supply. A relation to the degree of the severity of the disease wasn't provable. Very often we found villi necrosis and proliferations of the syncytiotrophoblast. Also we could see alterations of the villi vessels and a compensatory angiomatosis. 83,3% of diabetes cases showed disturbed maturation of the villi; the grade of these changes could not be referred to the degree of severity of this disease; it was merely a ramification block. The authors point out that in diabetes mellitus the degree of danger to the pregnancy does not depend on the severity of the maternal disease. It is always necessary to have a sufficient metabolic condition.
How diet, physical activity and psychosocial well-being interact in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: an integrative review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is associated with future cardio-metabolic risks for the mother and her child. In addition, one-third of women with recent GDM develop postpartum depression. Given these adverse impacts of GDM on the health of the mother and her offspring, it is important to intervene on modifiable factors, such as diet, physical activity, and psychosocial well-being. This integrative review therefore explored evidence on how these modifiable factors interact in women with GDM and their offspring, and how effective combined interventions are on reducing adverse impacts of GDM. METHODS: A comprehensive search strategy included carefully selected terms that corresponded to the domains of interest (diet, physical activity and psychosocial well-being). The databases searched for articles published between 1980 and February 2018 were: CINAHL, PsycINFO, Embase, Pubmed and Cochrane. Studies that were included in this review were either observational or intervention studies that included at least two domains of interest. Articles had to at least report data on maternal outcomes of women with GDM. RESULTS: The search strategies identified 14'419 citations after excluding duplicates. After screening titles and then abstracts, 114 articles were selected for detailed evaluation of their full text, and 16 were included in this review: two observational and 14 intervention studies. Results from observational studies showed that psychosocial well-being (social support and self-efficacy) were positively associated with physical activity and dietary choice. Intervention studies always included diet and physical activity interventions, although none integrated psychosocial well-being in the intervention. These lifestyle interventions mostly led to increased physical activity, improved diet and lower stress perception. Many of these lifestyle interventions also reduced BMI and postpartum diabetes status, improved metabolic outcomes and reduced the risk of preterm deliveries and low birth weight. CONCLUSION: This integrative review showed that psychosocial well-being interacted with diet as well as with physical activity in women with GDM. We recommend that future studies consider integrating psychosocial well-being in their intervention, as observational studies demonstrated that social support and self-efficacy helped with adopting a healthy lifestyle following GDM diagnosis.
Vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To examine the vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and compare it to that in women without GDM, using ophthalmic artery Doppler and carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study of women attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 37 + 6 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, ophthalmic artery Doppler for calculation of the peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio and assessment of cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and augmentation index. All measurements were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared with those in the non-GDM group. RESULTS: The study population of 2018 pregnancies contained 218 (10.8%) that developed GDM, including 78 (35.8%) that were treated with diet alone, 81 (37.2%) treated with metformin and 59 (27.1%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. In the GDM group, compared with the non-GDM group, there were significantly higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and central systolic blood pressure, but there was no significant difference in cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central diastolic blood pressure or augmentation index. In the GDM group, women treated with metformin or insulin had a higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio compared with those treated with diet alone. Additionally, compared with the diet group, the metformin group had higher central systolic blood pressure and the insulin group had a higher carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have evidence of early vascular disease, and this may contribute to their long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
In utero thrombosis and neonatal gangrene in an infant of a diabetic mother.; We report an infant of a diabetic mother (IDM) with in utero brachial artery thrombosis and neonatal gangrene to illustrate that there may be an increased risk for arterial as well as venous thrombosis in IDMs. The diagnosis of brachial artery thrombosis was made by using Doppler sonography flow studies and was confirmed with autopsy. The postnatal period was complicated by aortic and mesenteric artery thrombosis, with subsequent necrotizing enterocolitis, renal infarction, and death. Gangrene of a limb presenting at birth is rare, with 32 individuals reported in the literature, including this patient. Twenty-two percent (7/32) of the infants with peripartum limb gangrene were IDMs. This implies a marked increase in arterial thrombosis in IDMs over the general population. Changes in coagulation factors have been reported in newborn IDMs with poor control of maternal diabetes. Increased clotting and decreased fibrinolysis found in diabetics may lead to arterial thrombosis in IDMs in utero and postnatally. Use of anticoagulants in at-risk infants should be considered to prevent further thrombosis postnatally. Additionally, IDMs may be at increased risk for thrombotic complications from umbilical artery catheter. In utero thrombosis of the brachial artery may be one mechanism which leads to limb reduction defects in IDMs.
Increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in first-degree relatives of girls with a history of precocious pubarche.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether abnormal responses to an oral glucose load, dyslipidaemia and hyperandrogenaemia, which are commonly found in girls with a history of precocious pubarche, can also be detected in first-degree relatives of these patients. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Sixty first-degree relatives (age, 41.4 +/- 4.4 years; BMI, 26.9 +/- 3.3 kg/m2) of girls diagnosed with precocious pubarche were studied. The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and the hirsutism score were assessed in the females. The study was performed during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle in females and at random in males. MEASUREMENTS: All subjects underwent a standard 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Serum lipids and lipoproteins were measured in baseline blood samples in all subjects, while serum testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels and the free androgen indices were determined only in females. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. RESULTS: Seven subjects (11.6%) had type 2 diabetes while a further 14 (23.3%) had IGT; prevalences significantly higher than those reported for the present population of the same age (type 2 diabetes, 2.5% and IGT, 7. 5%; P < 0.001 and P < 0.001, respectively). BMIs were similar in patients with either normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. Abnormal levels of at least two lipid parameters were found in 40% of subjects. Four out of 10 hirsute women and six non-hirsute women reported gestational diabetes. Mean serum SHBG levels were lower in female relatives compared with population controls (P < 0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: First-degree relatives of girls with precocious pubarche are at a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes which, in most cases, is accompanied by an unfavourable lipid profile. Hyperandrogenism and an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus are frequent among females. These data may prove useful in identifying a specific subset of the population at increased risk of developing metabolic disturbances known to predispose to cardiovascular disease.
Fetal myocardial deformation in maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity.; OBJECTIVE: Experimental evidence suggests that changes in the fetal myocardium result from intrauterine effects of maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity. The aim of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function using two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography to determine the effects of maternal diabetes and obesity on the fetal myocardium. METHODS: Comparative cross-sectional evaluation of myocardial function in fetuses of mothers with diabetes mellitus (FDM) or obesity (FO) and normal gestational age-matched control fetuses (FC) was performed using two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography at two centers. RESULTS: In total, 178 fetuses (82 FDM, 26 FO and 70 FC) met the enrolment criteria. Mean gestational age at assessment was similar among groups: 25.3 ± 5.1 weeks for FDM, 25.0 ± 4.6 weeks for FO and 25.1 ± 4.9 weeks for FC. Mean maternal body mass index was significantly higher in FDM and FO groups compared with the FC group. Statistically significant differences in fetal cardiac function were detected between FDM and FC for global longitudinal strain (mean ± SD, -21.4 ± 6.5% vs -27.0 ± 5.2%; P < 0.001), global circumferential strain (mean ± SD, -22.6 ± 6.5% vs -26.2 ± 6.8%; P = 0.002), average longitudinal systolic strain rate (median, -1.4 (interquartile range (IQR), -1.7 to -1.1)/s vs -1.6 (IQR, -2.0 to -1.4)/s; P = 0.001) and average circumferential systolic strain rate (median, -1.4 (IQR, -1.9 to -1.1)/s vs -1.6 (IQR, -2.1 to -1.3)/s; P = 0.006). Cases of non-obese FDM also had abnormal strain parameters compared with FC. Global longitudinal strain (mean ± SD, -21.1 ± 7.5%) and average circumferential systolic strain rate (median, -1.3 (IQR, -1.8 to -1.1)/s) were significantly lower in FO compared with FC. CONCLUSIONS: Unfavorable changes occur in the fetal myocardium in response to both maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity. The long-term prognostic implications of these changes require further study. Copyright © 2016 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to evaluate maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in patients with getational diabetes mellitus compared with a control group. METHODS: We have measured maternal serum ANP and BNP levels in 35 otherwise healthy and 45 gestational diabetic women between gestational week 24 and 28 referred to our unit in a cross-sectional study. Independent samples t-test or the Mann-Whitney U-test was used for comparison of two groups where appropriate. RESULTS: Mean maternal serum homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), HbA1c, fasting glucose and insulin levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) group were significantly higher than the control group (p < 0.01). Mean maternal serum ANP and BNP levels of women with GDM were significantly lower than the control group (12.9 ± 9.9 versus 34.8 ± 16.9 pg/ml, p < 0.001; 416.6 ± 209.7 versus 629.7 ± 162.2 mg/dl, p < 0.001, respectively). Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels were negatively correlated with insulin levels, HbA1c and HOMA-IR values (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels are significantly lower in patients with GDM. These biomarkers might be valuable in clinical setting for identifying high-risk women for developing diabetes during pregnancy.
Cardiology for gynecologists--a minireview.; Despite cardiovascular disease (CVD) being by far the most common cause of death in women worldwide, awareness is low. Myocardial infarction occurs 10 years later in women than in men. Symptoms may be atypical: dyspnea rather than chest pain. Also more women than men have myocardial infarction with normal coronary angiography, probably due to microvascular disease or coronary spasm. The prognosis of non-obstructive disease is now recognized to be the same than for obstructive disease. The conventional risk factors for CVD are the same for both genders but have a different impact for women. One example is psychosocial stress and angina pectoris can more often be induced by mental stress in women than in men. Also there are risk factors specific to women such as a history of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension or diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Furthermore atrial fibrillation increases the risk of stroke more in women than in men. However, 6 out of 10 deaths from CVD can be prevented by a healthy life style and dealing with preexisting risk factors. Hence it is important that gynecologists who start seeing women at an earlier age than cardiologists should be aware of cardiovascular disease.
The Effects of a Low GI Diet on Cardiometabolic and Inflammatory Parameters in Patients with Type 2 and Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials.; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally, and its effect on patients and the healthcare system can be significant. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes are well established risk factors for cardiovascular disease, and strategies for managing these conditions include dietary interventions, such as the use of a low glycemic index (GI) diet. AIMS: This review aimed to evaluate the effects of a low GI diet on the cardio-metabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes and women with GDM and assess whether the effects are different in these conditions. METHODS: This review was based on the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Three databases (EMBASE, Pubmed, and PsycINFO) were searched from inception to 20 February 2019 using search terms that included synonyms and Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) in line with the population, intervention, comparator, outcomes, and studies (PICOS) framework. Studies were evaluated for the quality and risk of bias. RESULTS: 10 randomised controlled studies were included in the systematic review, while 9 were selected for the meta-analysis. Two distinct areas were identified: the effect of a low GI diet on lipid profile and the effect of a low GI diet on inflammatory parameters. The results of the meta-analysis showed that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets with respect to total cholesterol, HDL, and LDL cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, there was a significant difference (p = 0.027) with respect to triglyceride which increased by a mean of 0.06 mmol/L (0.01, 0.11) in patients with type 2 diabetes on higher GI diet. With respect to the women with GDM, the findings from the systematic review were not consistent in terms of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile. The results of the meta-analysis did not show significant differences (p > 0.05) between low GI and higher GI diets with respect to adiponectin and C-reactive proteins in patients with type 2 diabetes, but a significant difference (p < 0.001) was observed between the two groups in relation to interleukin-6. CONCLUSION: This systematic review and meta-analysis have demonstrated that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets in relation to total cholesterol-HDL and LDL cholesterol-in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, a significant difference (p < 0.05) was observed between the two groups with respect to triglyceride in patients with type 2 diabetes. The results of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile in patients with GDM were not consistent. With respect to the inflammatory parameters, the low GI diet significantly decreased interleukin-6 in patients with type 2 diabetes compared to the higher GI diet. More studies are needed in this area of research.
Association of downregulated HDAC 2 with the impaired mitochondrial function and cytokine secretion in the monocytes/macrophages from gestational diabetes mellitus patients.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases in later life, yet with underlying mechanisms unclear. The present study was to explore the association of upregulated histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC 2) with the impaired mitochondrial function and the cytokine secretion in the monocytes/macrophages from GDM patients. In this study, we examined the mitochondrial function, proinflamatory cytokine secretion and the HDAC 2 level in the serum or in the monocytes/macrophages from GDM patients, investigated the influence by HDAC 2 inhibitor, AR-42 (N-hydroxy-4-[[(2S)-3-methyl-2-phenylbutanoyl]amino]benzamide), on the mitochondrial function and cytokine secretion in the isolated GDM monocytes/macrophages. Results demonstrated an increased mitochondria size, mitochondrial superoxide and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production, and an undermined mitochondria membrane potential (MMP) in the GDM monocytes/macrophages. And the serum levels of interleukin (IL)-1β, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α and IL-6 were also markedly higher in the GDM pregnancies, while the expression and activity of HDAC 2 was downregulated. Moreover, AR-42-mediated HDAC 2 inhibition in vitro contributed to the impaired mitochondrial function and the proinflamatory cytokine secretion. In conclusion, this study suggests an association of the impaired mitochondrial function and the promoted proinflamatory cytokine secretion with the reduced HDAC 2 activity in GDM. These findings may present HDAC 2 as a target for GDM treatment.
Impaired vagal adaptation to an exercise task in women with gestational diabetes mellitus versus women with uncomplicated pregnancies.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for maternal and fetal complications. Patients with GDM have an increased cardiovascular risk in later life. The aim of this study was to investigate cardiac autonomic nervous system (ANS) function at rest and during exercise in women with GDM vs. women with uncomplicated pregnancies. METHODS: Thirty-six normotensive pregnant women (21 with GDM and 15 age- and parity-matched women with an uncomplicated pregnancy) were enrolled in this case-control study. Continuous beat-by-beat blood pressure (BP) measurements were recorded during rest, intermittent handgrip exercise, and recovery (via photoplethysmography, Finapres®). Heart rate variability (HRV) (Kubios®) was used for the assessment of autonomic nervous system function. RESULTS: The groups were similar in age, gestational week, and handgrip strength. At rest, no differences in HRV indices [root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD), standard deviation Poincaré plot 1, and 2 (SD1, SD2), SD2/SD1 ratio] were detected between women with GDM and women with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, during exercise, a different pattern in the HRV responses was detected: in the control group, RMSSD and SD1 (indices of parasympathetic function) significantly decreased (p < 0.001) during handgrip exercise and returned to baseline during recovery. In contrast, in GDM, the above HRV indices remained unaltered throughout the protocol. CONCLUSION: Normotensive women with GDM present impaired parasympathetic system ability to adapt to an exercise stimulus, as suggested by the blunted sensitivity in RMSSD and SD1. This finding suggests early alterations in ANS may exist in women with GDM, even when no differences are detected in resting conditions.
Usefulness of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy in type 1 diabetes is associated with an increased risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) has been used to screen for preeclampsia in nondiabetic pregnancy. To date, there are no data regarding ABPM during pregnancy in normotensive type 1 diabetic women. This study sought to establish blood pressure (BP) profiles for pregnant type 1 diabetic women using ABPM and determine whether the BP pattern can define a population at risk for developing PIH. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: ABPM was carried out for one 24-h period during each trimester--in the first trimester between weeks 7 and 12, in the second trimester between weeks 20 and 24, and in the third trimester between weeks 30 and 34--in 22 normotensive pregnant type 1 diabetic and 10 pregnant nondiabetic women. RESULTS: The incidence of PIH was fourfold greater in type 1 diabetic women than in control subjects. Diabetic women showed higher daily diastolic BP in the third trimester compared with nondiabetic pregnant women. Diabetic women who developed PIH in the third trimester showed significantly higher BP profiles throughout gestation than those who remained normotensive. Receiver operator characteristics curves for nighttime systolic BP showed the best predictive capacity for PIH, with a cutoff > 105 mmHg (85% sensitivity and 92% specificity). CONCLUSIONS: Our study confirms the early increase of BP in patients who will develop PIH and suggests that nighttime systolic BP >105 mmHg in the second trimester is a useful predictor of PIH. ABPM may be useful in screening for PIH in pregnant diabetic women.
The Maternal Age Cut-Off for an Increase in Composite Adverse Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether there is a specific maternal age cut-off at which there is an increase in maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes. METHODS: A retrospective study comparing maternal and neonatal outcomes between nulliparous women of different ages. The receiver operating characteristic model with the Youden index was used to find the best age cut-off using cesarean delivery (CD) and composite adverse outcomes. A multivariable logistic regression analysis was calculated after adjusting for smoking, induction of labour, epidural use, hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and birth weight. RESULTS: The study included 11 343 nulliparous women. Age 28 years was found to be the cut-off age at which we found a significant increase in adverse outcomes. Women older than age 28 years had a higher risk of CD than women younger than 28 years (35.7% vs. 21.3%, P < 0.0001). They were also more likely to deliver prematurely (11.9% vs. 7.9%; P < 0.0001) and had higher rates hypertensive disorders (2.3% vs. 1.1%; P < 0.0001) and gestational diabetes mellitus (0.4% vs. 0.1%; P = 0.001). Furthermore, their babies were more likely to be growth restricted (1.1% vs. 0.3%; P < 0.0001). There were no differences in the rates of induction of labour or macrosomia. After adjusting for confounders, we found that women older than 28 years had higher risks of CD and adverse outcomes than younger women (aOR 1.9 [95% CI 1.744-2.1] and aOR 1.6 [95% CI 1.6-1.77], respectively). CONCLUSION: Increasing maternal age is independently associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes with an age cut-off of 28 years. Women older than age 28 years are at higher risk for composite adverse outcomes than younger women.
Plasma AA and DHA levels are not compromised in newly diagnosed gestational diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: The polyunsaturated fatty acids, arachidonic (AA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA), are vital structural and functional components of the neural, vascular and visual systems. There is increased demand for these fatty acids during pregnancy. Diabetes impairs the synthesis of both AA and DHA. We have investigated the possibility that pregnancy-induced diabetes compromises the levels of plasma AA and DHA in newly diagnosed expectant mothers. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: London, UK. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Venous blood was obtained from 44 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and from the same number of nondiabetics, during the third trimester. Fatty acid composition of plasma choline phosphoglycerides (CPG), triglycerides (TG) and cholesterol esters (CE) was analysed. RESULTS: The GDM women had higher levels of AA (20:4n-6; P<0.0001) and AA/linoleic acid ratio (20:4n-6/18:2n-6; P<0.01) in the CPG, and linoleic acid (LA; P<0.0001), total n-6 (P<0.01), DHA (P<0.05) and n-3 metabolites (P<0.05) in TG compared to their nondiabetic counterparts. Similarly, AA (P<0.0001), osbond acid (22:5n-6; P<0.05), total n-6 metabolites (P<0.0001), AA/LA (P<0.0001) and n-6 metabolites/LA (P<0.01) were higher in the CE of the GDM women. There was no difference in the levels of DHA in CPG and CE between the two groups (P>0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study do not provide evidence that the activity of delta-6 or delta-5 desaturases, which are vital for the synthesis of AA and DHA, is compromised by pregnancy-induced diabetes. However, since the samples were taken at diagnosis, it is conceivable that the duration of the diabetes was too short to have a discernable adverse effect on the levels of AA and DHA in plasma lipids.
Management of pregnant patients with diabetes with ischemic heart disease.; Management of pregnant patients with diabetes who have ischemic heart disease (IHD) remains a challenging clinical dilemma for obstetricians and maternal fetal specialist alike. The diagnosis of women with IHD is difficult, primarily because of a lack of awareness of the atypical characteristics at presentation by both patient and provider. Counseling of women regarding pregnancy when they are diabetic with IHD is best done before conception. Management by trimester should focus on careful monitoring of maternal cardiac status and stabilization of glycemic control without hypoglycemia. Delivery and postpartum care remain critical in the avoidance of complications and mortality.
Assessment of pregestational insulin resistance as a risk factor of preeclampsia.; AIM: To assess the impact that pregestational insulin resistance (PIR) has as a risk factor for preeclampsia (PE). METHODS: Nested case-control study that included patients with PIR and a control group that was randomly selected from pregnancies admitted to the Fetal Medicine Unit between January 2005 and May 2011. Clinical and hemodynamic variables were analyzed by a multiple logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Of the 13,124 patients admitted during the study period, 119 had a diagnosis of PIR (0.9%). Patients with PIR were older and had a higher body mass index (BMI). PIR was also related to a significantly higher frequency of chronic hypertension (CrHT; 10.1 vs. 2.2%, p < 0.05) and hypothyroidism (5.0 vs. 1.6%, p < 0.05) than in the control group. Moreover, women with PIR were more likely to develop PE (8.4 vs. 4.2%, p < 0.05) and gestational diabetes mellitus (9.2 vs. 2.9%) than the control group. Multivariate analysis showed that maternal age, CrHT and altered uterine artery Doppler sonography during the first and second trimesters were good predictors of PE and that PIR was not. CONCLUSION: Although PIR correlates with PE, conditions related to the latter (CrHT, higher maternal age and increased BMI) may be predominant as risk factors for PE.
Risk Factors for Hypoglycemia Among Neonates: A Prospective Cohort Study Among Pregnant People With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Neonatal hypoglycemia (NH) is the most frequent complication in neonates born to pregnant people with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and an important cause of brain damage and death of neonates. We explored the risk factors for NH in neonates of pregnant people with GDM. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted involving 322 pregnant people with GDM at the Guangzhou Women and Children's Medical Centre. Maternal sociodemographic, clinical, and biochemical data, as well as general characteristics of neonates, were collected to analyze their associations with NH in neonates of pregnant people with GDM. RESULTS: The incidence of NH among neonates of pregnant people with GDM was 19.57% (63/322). After adjustment for confounders, the factors significantly associated with an increased risk of NH were cesarean delivery (relative risk [RR] = 3.44; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.83-6.45), red blood cell (RBC) count (RR = 2.19; 95% CI, 1.22-3.96), and 1-hour postprandial glucose (RR = 2.35; 95% CI, 1.23-4.46) during pregnancy, whereas later gestational age (RR = 0.58; 95% CI, 0.42-0.80) and multiparity (RR = 0.32; 95% CI, 0.16-0.66) were associated with a reduced risk of NH. CONCLUSION: Cesarean delivery, maternal 1-hour glucose of the oral glucose tolerance test, and increased RBC count of pregnant people with GDM are independent risk factors for NH, while later gestational age and multiparity are protective factors.
Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy may impair maternal and fetal outcomes.; Over the past decade, new evidence has shown that vitamin D deficiency may contribute to the risk of developing a wide range of common chronic diseases that are different from the classic action on calcium and bone homeostasis. Acting through the vitamin D receptor, vitamin D can produce a wide array of favorable biological effects via genomic, non-genomic or intracrine mechanisms and, therefore, contributes to the improvement of human health in humans. We hypothesize that some of these effects may be even more critical during pregnancy. The focus of this paper is to review the data on the classic and non-classic actions of vitamin D with regards to pregnancy. It appears that vitamin D insufficiency during pregnancy is potentially associated with increased risk of preeclampsia, insulin resistance and gestational diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, experimental data also anticipate that vitamin D sufficiency is critical for fetal development, and especially for fetal brain development and immunological functions. Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy may, therefore, not only impair maternal skeletal preservation and fetal skeletal formation but also be vital to the fetal "imprinting" that may affect chronic disease susceptibility soon after birth as well as later in life.
Clinical profile and pattern of congenital heart disease in infants of diabetic mother and infants of non-diabetic mother at a tertiary care hospital.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the clinical manifestations and pattern of congenital heart diseases (CHD) in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) and infants of non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: A prospective cross sectional study was carried out at tertiary care center over a period of thirty months. All neonates were included in this study if CHD were identified by echocardiography within this study period. Chi-square test and Fisher's exact test were used to compare between groups. RESULT: Out of 62 neonates, IDMs and non-IDMs were equal in number, male and female ratio was 3 : 2, and majority were delivered by cesarean section (85.5%). Mean gestational age was 35 weeks, 62.3% were preterm, and 37.7% were term. Common clinical presentations were cardiac murmur (61%), and respiratory distress (43.5%). Less common presentations were low SaO2 (27.4%), tachycardia (24.2%), and cyanosis (24.2%). Common combination of presentations were murmur and tachypnea (38.7%); cyanosis and low SaO2 (24.19%); and low SaO2 and tachypnea 15(24.19). The common echocardiographic findings were atrial septal defect (ASD; 72.6%), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA; 45.2%), and ventricular septal defect (VSD; 25.8%). ASD (77.4% vs 67.7%) and VSD (35.5% vs 16.1%) were more in IDMs, and PDA (48.4% vs 41.9%) was more in non-IDMs. These differences were not significant between groups. CONCLUSION: Clinical presentation and echocardiographic findings of CHD were similar in IDMs and non-IDMs.
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes among pregnant patients with cystic fibrosis.; OBJECTIVE: The pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies complicated by cystic fibrosis (CF) have yet to be evaluated in a prolonged, population-based study. We sought to evaluate the obstetric and neonatal outcomes in pregnant patients with CF using a national population database. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective population-based cohort study utilizing the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). All women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US (2004-2014) were included in the study. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of cystic fibrosis to those without. RESULTS: Overall, 9 096 159 women met the inclusion criteria. Of these, 629 women (6.9/100000) had CF. Women with CF were more likely to be younger and have pregestational diabetes mellitus compared to those without. CF in pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus [aOR 3.20 (95 %CI 2.48-4.15), p = 0.0001], placenta previa [aOR 2.74 (95 %CI 1.30-5.79), p = 0.008], preterm delivery [aOR 2.17 (95 %CI 1.71-2.77), p = 0.0001], operative vaginal delivery [aOR 1.59 (95 %CI 1.17-2.16), p = 0.003], and death [aOR 86.41 (95 %CI 30.91-241.58), p = 0.0001], and a decreased likelihood of having a spontaneous vaginal delivery [aOR 0.80 (95 %CI 0.66-0.97), p = 0.02]. Patients with CF were more likely to experience deep venous thrombosis [aOR 7.64 (95 %CI 1.90-30.72), p = 0.004] and disseminated intravascular coagulation [aOR 3.68 (95 %CI 1.37-9.87), p = 0.01] compared to those without. The risk of delivering a fetus with congenital anomalies was similar between groups. CONCLUSION: Pregnant patients with CF have an increased risk of developing adverse maternal and delivery outcomes. As such, these patients should receive vigilant surveillance during pregnancy.
The epidemiology of obesity in reproduction.; Over the last decades, overweight and obesity rates have been rising exponentially and have now reached epidemic proportions. These are significantly higher in women than men, and indeed, data from 2022 show rates varying from the lowest (12%) in the South East Asian Region to the highest (82.8%) in the Western Pacific Region. This rise is mirrored by the increasing health cost of obesity and overweight. Recent estimates put the percentage of medical spending in various countries to vary from 3 to 21%. Obesity is associated with noncommunicable diseases, such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disorders. It is associated with 13 cancers, among which are breast, endometrial, and ovarian. The reproductive consequences of obesity are variable and include but not exclusively menstrual disorders; fertility difficulties; recurrent miscarriages; gestational diabetes, hypertension, and pre-eclampsia; postpartum hemorrhage; and fetal macrosomia. Various factors are responsible for these increasing rates (which are more marked in middle- and low-income countries). These include genetic, epigenetic, environmental, physiologic, cultural, political, and socioeconomic factors that interact in most cases, making it challenging to develop effective interventions on both a local and global scale. In this article, we review the epidemiology of obesity and the factors which modify rates, as well as an overview of the reproductive consequences of obesity. We discuss approaches to reduce the rates and that these should be at three levels: individual, national, and international.
[Cerebrovascular disease in young women].; INTRODUCTION: Cerebrovascular disease is an important cause of morbi-mortality. Although its incidence is maximal in older groups, its incidence in young people cannot be forgotten, even more if we consider the socioeconomic and personal consequences derived from it. There are several works on this subject but few of them analyze the specific problem of stroke in women. There is some degree of controversy in this subject, specially about the role of several factors which are more prevalent or either exclusive for women. OBJECTIVES: We wanted to analyze the risk factors and clinical characteristics in a group of women under 45 who suffered a stroke and also to compare these risk factors between women under 35 and those from 35 to 45. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We have carried out a descriptive study, including 61 women under 45 admitted to our centre consecutively between January 1989 and October 1996. RESULTS: Among the most prevalent factors we have found hypertension (27.8%), tobacco consumption (24.5%) and the presence of cardiac abnormalities (22.9%), specially associated to valvular pathology, as well as a higher incidence of contraceptives consumption in women under 35 (80%). CONCLUSIONS: These factors are similar to those found in studies on the general population of young people. Our data indicate that the relevance of the main factors for stroke is common for both sexes and is also significant in young patients.
Hormonal choices after gestational diabetes. Subsequent pregnancy, contraception, and hormone replacement.; The effects of subsequent states of excess hormone exposure, for example, subsequent pregnancy, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy, on the development of diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes were assessed. Current literature examining the effect of parity, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy in healthy women and women with previous gestational diabetes and current diabetes was reviewed. Subsequent pregnancy in women with prior GDM appears to triple the risk of subsequent diabetes. Low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives do not appear to clinically increase the risk of diabetes. Hormonal replacement therapy appears to provide the greatest reduction in coronary artery disease to women at greatest risk, i.e., those who have developed diabetes. Careful follow-up and metabolic surveillance should be provided when prescribing hormonal contraception or replacement therapy. In women with prior gestational diabetes, exposure to repeat pregnancy poses a greater risk for subsequent diabetes than does either an exposure to low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives or to postmenopausal hormonal therapy, both of which do not appear to increase the risk of diabetes.
Combined analysis of gestational diabetes and maternal weight status from pre-pregnancy through post-delivery in future development of type 2 diabetes.; We examined the associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and women's weight status from pre-pregnancy through post-delivery with the risk of developing dysglycaemia [impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, and type 2 diabetes (T2D)] 4-6 years post-delivery. Using Poisson regression with confounder adjustments, we assessed associations of standard categorisations of prospectively ascertained pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity (OWOB), gestational weight gain (GWG) and substantial post-delivery weight retention (PDWR) with post-delivery dysglycaemia (n = 692). Women with GDM had a higher risk of later T2D [relative risk (95% CI) 12.07 (4.55, 32.02)] and dysglycaemia [3.02 (2.19, 4.16)] compared with non-GDM women. Independent of GDM, women with pre-pregnancy OWOB also had a higher risk of post-delivery dysglycaemia. Women with GDM who were OWOB pre-pregnancy and had subsequent PDWR (≥ 5 kg) had 2.38 times (1.29, 4.41) the risk of post-delivery dysglycaemia compared with pre-pregnancy lean GDM women without PDWR. No consistent associations were observed between GWG and later dysglycaemia risk. In conclusion, women with GDM have a higher risk of T2D 4-6 years after the index pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy OWOB and PDWR exacerbate the risk of post-delivery dysglycaemia. Weight management during preconception and post-delivery represent early windows of opportunity for improving long-term health, especially in those with GDM.
Hypertension during pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetic women.; Insulin-dependent diabetic patients are at increased risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This study was designed to study prospectively the rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) in 175 insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies (88 White classes B-C, 87 classes D-RT). Pregnancy-induced hypertension was defined as two or more occurrences after 20 weeks' gestation of a mean arterial pressure (MAP) of 105 mmHg or greater or an increase of 20 mmHg or greater from the baseline MAP. The rate of PIH in the diabetic population was 15.4% and was significantly associated with nulliparity, poor glycemic control in the first and second trimesters, and advanced White class. Neonatal outcome was not significantly altered in the presence of PIH. We speculate that improved glycemic control throughout pregnancy might reduce the rate of this complication in diabetic patients.
Lights and shadows on the use of metformin in pregnancy: from the preconception phase to breastfeeding and beyond.; During pregnancy, the complex hormonal changes lead to a progressive decrease of insulin sensitivity that can drive the onset of gestational diabetes (GDM) or worsen an already-known condition of insulin resistance like type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and obesity, with complications for the mother and the fetus. Metformin during pregnancy is proving to be safe in a growing number of studies, although it freely crosses the placenta, leading to a fetal level similar to maternal concentration. The aim of this literature review is to analyze the main available evidence on the use of metformin during, throughout, and beyond pregnancy, including fertilization, lactation, and medium-term effects on offspring. Analyzed studies support the safety and efficacy of metformin during pregnancy. In pregnant women with GDM and type 2 diabetes, metformin improves obstetric and perinatal outcomes. There is no evidence that it prevents GDM in women with pregestational insulin resistance or improves lipid profile and risk of GDM in pregnant women with PCOS or obesity. Metformin could have a role in reducing the risk of preeclampsia in pregnant women with severe obesity, the risk of late miscarriages and preterm delivery in women with PCOS, and the risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, increasing the clinical pregnancy rate in women with PCOS undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF/FIVET). Offspring of mothers with GDM exposed to metformin have no significant differences in body composition compared with insulin treatment, while it appears to be protective for metabolic and cardiovascular risk.
"If I Don't Eat Enough, I Won't Be Healthy". Women's Experiences with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Treatment in Rural and Urban South India.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a range of adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as increased risk of future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In India, 10%-35% of pregnant women develop GDM. In this study, we investigated women's experiences with the dietary and pharmaceutical treatment for GDM in rural and urban Tamil Nadu, India. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 19 women diagnosed with GDM. Data were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. Three overall aspects were discovered with several sub-aspects characterizing women's experiences: emotional challenges (fear and apprehension for the baby' health and struggling to accept a treatment seen as counterintuitive to being safe and healthy), interpersonal challenges (managing treatment in the near social relations and social support, and coordinating treatment with work and social life), and health system-related challenges (availability and cost of treatment, interaction with health care providers). Some aspects acted as barriers. However, social support and positive, high-quality interactions with health care providers could mitigate some of these barriers and facilitate the treatment process. Greater efforts at awareness creation in the social environment and systemic adjustments in care delivery targeting the individual, family, community and health system levels are needed in order to ensure that women with GDM have the opportunity to access treatment and are enabled and motivated to follow it as well.
Relationship between threatened miscarriage and gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Both threatened miscarriage and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are common complications of pregnancy. However, only one pilot study has reported that these complications are not related. We aimed to investigate whether threatened miscarriage is one of the risk factors of GDM. METHODS: An unmatched case-control study of 1567 pregnant Korean women who underwent a two-step approach to diagnose GDM was retrospectively conducted. The eligible women were classified into normal (n = 840), borderline GDM (n = 480), and GDM (n = 247) groups. We analyzed the associations with threatened miscarriage in all groups with adjustment for confounding factors. RESULTS: The proportion of women who experienced threatened miscarriage was significantly lower in the GDM group than in the normal group (adjusted odds ratio (OR), 0.38; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.18-0.78). It was significantly lower in the maternal hyperglycemia group (borderline GDM and GDM groups) than in the normal group (adjusted OR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.47-0.91). The proportion of women who experienced threatened miscarriage was also significantly lower in the GDM group than in the normal (adjusted OR, 0.35; 95% CI, 0.17-0.70) and borderline GDM groups (adjusted OR, 0.46; 95% CI, 0.22-0.94). Moreover, the proportion of women who experienced threatened miscarriage significantly decreased according to the severity of glucose intolerance (adjusted OR, 0.94; 95% CI, 0.76-1.16). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that threatened miscarriage is associated with decreased risk of GDM and the severity of glucose intolerance in Korean women. Additional studies are warranted to understand the pathophysiologic mechanisms that might exist between these frequent complications of pregnancy.
Decidual, amniotic fluid, maternal and fetal prolactin in normal and abnormal pregnancies.; In the present studies, the content and the in vitro production of prolactin by decidua as well as the concentrations of prolactin in amniotic fluid, maternal and fetal serum in normal term pregnancies, induced abortions at various gestational ages, and in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, and polyhydramnios were measured. Maternal and fetal prolactin levels varied considerably throughout gestation, but at term did not differ significantly between normal and abnormal pregnancies. Prolactin levels in amniotic fluid as well as decidual prolactin content and production were significantly lower only in pregnancies complicated by either hypertension or polyhydramnios. In both normal and abnormal pregnancies, decidual prolactin production correlated strongly with amniotic fluid concentrations. The present data suggest that 1) maternal and fetal prolactin levels do not differ significantly between normal and abnormal pregnancies, 2) the decidua is the principal source of amniotic fluid prolactin, and 3) the significantly lower levels of prolactin in amniotic fluid of pregnancies complicated by hypertension or polyhydramnios are probably due to adverse effects of these conditions on the synthesis and release of prolactin by decidua.
The loss of entropy circadian rhythm in sinusal R-R intervals of type 1 diabetic pregnant women suggests an indeterministic chaos in cardiac pacing (minimum delirium cordis syndrome). A newly identifiable type of silent cardiac dysautonomia?; OBJECTIVE: The scope of this study is to detect whether or not the entropy (E) circadian rhythm (CR) is maintained preserved in sinusal R-R intervals (SRRI), its loss being the expression of a transition to an indeterministic chaos in heart rate variability (HRV). METHODS: The E of SRRI was estimated in 14 type I diabetic pregnant women (DPW) in the first trimester of an apparently uncomplicated gestation (7 patients - mean age = 30.3 +/- 4.1 y - without clinical and laboratory evidence of cardiac autonomic neuropathy, and 7 patients - mean age = 30.7 +/- 3.6 y - with positive tests for a cardiac dysautonomia). The E CR was studied via the single cosinor method, and summarized via the population-mean cosinor method. RESULTS: The E CR was found not to be preserved in both the investigated type I DPW, despite the occurrence of the SRRI CR. CONCLUSIONS: The loss of the E CR confirms that in type I DPW there is a transition to an indeterministic disorder in HRV due to the lack of an autocorrelated periodic chaos in cardiac pacing. Such an unphysiological neurovegetative regulation suggests a new silent cardiac dysautonomic syndrome, that we intend to call "minimum delirium cordis syndrome" (MDCS). Can the MDCS be regarded as a condition of cardiovascular risk? To answer this question, it seems justified to suggest that the study of the E CR should be added to the routine tests that are presently applied to clinical analysis of the Holter ECG, being the classic tests of linear analysis not methodologically suitable for detecting the indeterministic chaos of the MDCS.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring's carotid intima-media thickness at birth: MySweetHeart Cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is associated with cardiometabolic risks for the mother and the offspring. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have signs of subclinical atherosclerosis, including increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). We assessed whether GDM is associated with increased CIMT in the offspring at birth. DESIGN AND SETTING: MySweetHeart Cohort is a prospective cohort study conducted in Switzerland. PARTICIPANTS, EXPOSURE AND OUTCOME MEASURES: This work included pregnant women with and without GDM at 24-32 weeks of gestation and their singleton live-born offspring with data on the primary outcome of CIMT. GDM was diagnosed based on the criteria of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. Offspring's CIMT was measured by ultrasonography after birth (range 1-19 days). RESULTS: Data on CIMT were available for 99 offspring of women without GDM and 101 offspring of women with GDM. Maternal age ranged from 18 to 47 years. Some 16% of women with GDM and 6% of women without GDM were obese. Smoking during pregnancy was more frequent among women with GDM (18%) than among those without GDM (4%). Neonatal characteristics were comparable between the two groups. The difference in CIMT between offspring of women with and without GDM was of 0.00 mm (95% CI -0.01 to 0.01; p=0.96) and remained similar on adjustment for potential confounding factors, such as maternal prepregnancy body mass index, maternal education, smoking during pregnancy, family history of diabetes, as well as offspring's sex, age, and body surface area (0.00 mm (95% CI -0.02 to 0.01; p=0.45)). CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence of increased CIMT in neonates exposed to GDM. A longer-term follow-up that includes additional vascular measures, such as endothelial function or arterial stiffness, may shed further light on the cardiovascular health trajectories in children born to mothers with GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT02872974; Pre-results.
A comparison of maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnancy with mental disorders: results of an analysis using propensity score-based weighting.; PURPOSE: To assess and compare maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnancy with or without mental disorders. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of births at our institution from January 2009 to December 2011, which included all live singleton births during these 3 years. Women emergently transferred to our institution in the middle of their pregnancies were excluded. Associations between mental disorders and perinatal outcomes were estimated using statistical analysis, and multivariable analysis was performed using propensity score-based weighting. RESULTS: A total of 1,166 women were included, 152 (13.0 %) of whom had mental disorders. Comparison of maternal characteristics showed that women with mental disorders were significantly more likely to be multiparous, smokers, recipients of public assistance, unmarried, and to have inadequate perinatal care. Comparison of perinatal outcomes showed that preterm births (PTB) before 37 weeks were significantly increased in women with mental disorders (10.5 vs. 6.0 %, P = 0.037). There were no significant differences in low birth weight (LBW), pregnancy-induced hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Multivariable analysis using propensity score weighting showed that after adjusting for other factors, women with mental disorders were more likely than women without mental disorders to have PTB before 34 weeks [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 4.79, 95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.49-15.4; P = 0.009], PTB before 37 weeks (adjusted OR 2.46, 95 % CI 1.62-3.69; P < 0.001), or LBW (adjusted OR 1.83; 95 % CI 1.32-2.55; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Maternal mental disorders were associated with adverse birth outcomes and socioeconomic disadvantage.
[Cardio-metabolic risk and adverse pregnancy outcomes in the first trimester: findings from the Shenzhen birth cohort study].; Objective: To investigate the relationship between cardio-metabolic abnormalities in the first trimester and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO). Methods: This cohort study recruited singleton pregnancies in the first trimester (6-13(+6) weeks of gestation) from Shenzhen Maternal and Child Health Care Hospital between January 1, 2021, and October 31, 2022. Cardiometabolic markers, including body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides (TG), were recorded during the first trimester. Incidence of APO, including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, small for gestational age infant, and placental abruption, was documented. Cardiovascular metabolic abnormalities in the first trimester were defined as meeting one or more of the following criteria: elevated BMI (BMI≥24 kg/m²), elevated TG (TG≥1.7 mmol/L), decreased HDL-C (HDL-C<1.0 mmol/L), elevated blood pressure (systolic pressure≥130 mmHg (1 mmHg=0.133 kPa) and/or diastolic pressure≥85 mmHg), elevated FPG (FPG≥5.6 mmol/L). Enrolled women were categorized into abnormal cardio-metabolic and normal cardio-metabolic groups. Poisson regression was employed to analyze the association between cardio-metabolic abnormalities in the first trimester and APO. Results: The study included 14 197 pregnant women with an age of (32.0±4.1) years. There were 8 139 women in the normal cardio-metabolic group and 6 058 women in the abnormal cardio-metabolic group. Women with cardio-metabolic disorders in the first trimester had a younger gestational age and higher incidence rates of preterm birth, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus (all P<0.05). In multivariable Poisson regression, elevated BMI (RR=1.22, 95%CI 1.15-1.29), elevated FPG (RR=1.59, 95%CI 1.38-1.82), elevated TG (RR=1.22, 95%CI 1.13-1.31), and elevated blood pressure (RR=1.50, 95%CI 1.39-1.63) were independent risk factors for APO, while decreased HDL-C (RR=0.93, 95%CI 0.70-1.23) was not. Elevated blood pressure (RR=5.57, 95%CI 4.58-6.78), elevated BMI (RR=1.71, 95%CI 1.40-2.09), and elevated TG (RR=1.38, 95%CI 1.10-1.74) had the greatest impact on the risk of developing preeclampsia. Elevated FPG (RR=1.70, 95%CI 1.45-1.99) had the greatest impact on the risk of gestational diabetes. Conclusions: Elevated blood pressure, BMI, TG and FPG in the first trimester are closely related to APO.
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and the risk of pregnancy complications: A PRISMA-compliant systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is inconsistently associated with increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. The purpose of this meta-analysis was to summarize the evidence regarding the strength of the association between pregnancy in women with PCOS and pregnancy complications. METHODS: We systematically searched PubMed, EmBase, and the Cochrane Library to identify observational studies up to January 2016. The primary focus was pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), preterm delivery, cesarean delivery, oligohydramnios, and polyhydramnios. Effect estimates were pooled using the random-effects model. The analysis was further stratified by factors that could affect these associations. RESULTS: We included 40 observational studies that reported data on a total of 17,816 pregnancies with PCOS and 123,756 pregnancies without PCOS. Overall, PCOS in pregnancy was associated with greater risk of GDM, preeclampsia, PIH, preterm delivery, cesarean delivery, miscarriage, hypoglycemia, and perinatal death. However, PCOS in pregnancy had little or no effect on oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, large-for-gestational age (LGA), small-for-gestational-age (SGA), fetal growth restriction (FGR), preterm premature membrane rupture, fasting blood glucose (FBG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), triglyceride, total cholesterol, congenital malformation, macrosomia, and respiratory distress syndrome. Subgroup analysis suggested that these associations might be influenced by study design and pre-BMI. CONCLUSION: PCOS in pregnancy is associated with a significantly increased risk of adverse pregnancy, fetal, and neonatal outcomes.
Reducing weight and BMI following gestational diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis of digital and telemedicine interventions.; Women with past gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes and adverse cardiovascular events. Digital and telemedicine interventions targeting weight loss and reductions in body mass index (BMI) may help reduce risk for women with GDM. The aim was to compare the effectiveness of digital or telemedicine intervention with usual care. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were identified in Embase, Medline, CINAHL, PsycINFO and the Cochrane Library. Included trials recruited women with prior GDM but without pre-existing diabetes, and tested a digital or telemedicine intervention with or without an in-person component. Data extraction was carried out independently by two authors. The search yielded 898 citations. Eighteen articles reporting 15 trials were included, of which 8 tested digital interventions. Reported outcomes included weight, BMI, fasting plasma glucose and waist circumference. None of the included trials reported type 2 diabetes incidence or cardiovascular risk. Data were pooled using a random-effects model. The point estimate favored the intervention but was non-significant for both BMI (-0.90 kg/m(2), 95% CI -1.89 to 0.09; p=0.08) and weight (-1.83 kg, 95% CI -4.08 to 0.42, p=0.11). Trials evaluating digital and telemedicine interventions identified clinically relevant, but non-significant improvements in BMI and weight compared with control. No trials assessed type 2 diabetes occurrence as an outcome. More well-designed RCTs with adequate power and long-term follow-up are needed to identify the impact of these interventions on type 2 diabetes occurrence.
Knowledge on gestational diabetes mellitus and associated factors among pregnant women attending antenatal care clinics of North Shewa zone public hospitals, Oromia region, Central Ethiopia: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Globally, the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is currently rising. Assessing GDM knowledge and taking various public health actions will help pregnant women know more about the condition, resulting in its prevention. OBJECTIVE: To assess pregnant women's knowledge of GDM and associated factors at antenatal care clinics of public hospitals in the North Shewa zone, Oromia region, Central Ethiopia. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Five public hospitals of North Shewa zone, Oromia regional state, Central Ethiopia. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 417 pregnant women. METHODS: A face-to-face interview was conducted. A 13-items tool was used to measure GDM knowledge. Multivariable binary logistic regression was fitted to identify factors associated with the knowledge of GDM. The adjusted OR (AOR) with 95% CI and a p<0.05 was used to determine statistical significance. RESULTS: Overall, 48% (95% CI 43.4% to 52.8%) of pregnant women had sufficient knowledge about GDM. The level of sufficient knowledge for GDM risk factors, screening/treatment and its consequences were 48%, 54.4% and 99%, respectively. Age group 15-24 years (AOR 3.49, 95% CI 1.05 to 11.59), attending secondary and above education (AOR 4.27, 95% CI 1.29 to 14.070, women whose partners attended primary school (AOR 3.83, 95% CI 1.36 to 10.78), history of GDM (AOR 3.36, 95% CI 1.68 to 6.71), history of hypertension (AOR 2.42, 95% CI 1.21 to 4.84), receiving preconception care (AOR 3.02, 95% CI 1.74 to 5.22) and being multigravida (AOR 3.19, 95% CI 1.52 to 6.67) were factors significantly associated with sufficient knowledge about GDM. CONCLUSION: Overall, more than half of pregnant women have insufficient knowledge about GDM. Significant association between GDM knowledge and women's age, women's and partners' educational status, preconception care, history of GDM and hypertension, and the number of pregnancies were detected. Therefore, to increase pregnant women's GDM knowledge, health education programmes in the community and healthcare facilities should target the identified factors.
Impact of maternal diabetes exposure on soluble adhesion molecules in the offspring.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Soluble adhesion molecules are associated with cardiovascular disease and increased in individuals with diabetes. This study assesses the impact of diabetes exposure in utero on the abundance of circulating adhesion molecules in cord serum and soluble adhesion molecules released from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) exposed to high glucose concentrations. METHODS AND RESULTS: Women with and without diabetes were recruited. DM was diagnosed based on the American Diabetes Association criteria. Primary cultures of HUVEC were cultured in 5 mM and 25 mM glucose with 25 mM mannitol osmotic control. The soluble adhesion molecules, intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and E-selectin were measured by ELISA in the cord blood serum and conditioned HUVEC media. The mothers with DM were older with higher BMI (p = 0.027 and 0.008, respectively). In a fully adjusted model, VCAM was significantly increased in the cord serum of infants born to mothers with diabetes (p = 0.046), but ICAM and E-selectin were not different. ICAM was also significantly correlated with maternal HbA1c (r(2) = 0.16, p = 0.004) and cord serum non-esterified fatty acids (r(2) = 0.08, p = 0.013). From the HUVEC media, the abundance of adhesion molecules was not different based on DM or high glucose exposure; however, VCAM abundance in the HUVEC supernatant was significantly correlated with ICAM (r(2) = 0.27, p = 0.010) and cord serum c-peptide (R(2) = 0.19, p = 0.043). CONCLUSIONS: Alterations in soluble adhesion molecule abundance in infants exposed to the diabetic milieu of pregnancy may reflect early alterations in vascular function predicting future cardiovascular disease.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes among Pregnant Women with Diabetes.; The aim of this study was to examine the differences in pregnancy complications, delivery characteristics, and neonatal outcomes between women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study included all pregnant women with diabetes in pregnancy in Belgrade, Serbia, between 2010 and 2020. The total sample consisted of 6737 patients. In total, 1318 (19.6%) patients had T1DM, 138 (2.0%) had T2DM, and 5281 patients (78.4%) had GDM. Multivariate logistic regression with the type of diabetes as an outcome variable showed that patients with T1DM had a lower likelihood of vaginal delivery (OR: 0.73, 95% CI: 0.64-0.83), gestational hypertension (OR: 0.47, 95% CI: 0.36-0.62), higher likelihood of chronic hypertension (OR: 1.88, 95% CI: 1.55-2.29),and a higher likelihood ofgestational age at delivery before 37 weeks (OR: 1.38, 95% CI: 1.18-1.63) compared to women with GDM. Multivariate logistic regression showed that patients with T2DM had a lower likelihood ofgestational hypertension compared to women with GDM (OR: 0.37, 95% CI: 0.15-0.92).Our results indicate that the highest percentage of diabetes in pregnancy is GDM, and the existence of differences in pregnancy complications, childbirth characteristics, and neonatal outcomes are predominantly between women with GDM and women with T1DM.
Contribution of Insulin Resistance and β Cell Dysfunction to Gestational Diabetes Stratified for Pre-pregnant Body Mass Index.; The objective of the study was to evaluate the contribution of insulin resistance and β cell dysfunction to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese women stratified by pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI). A total of 847 pregnant women were enrolled. They were divided into low BMI and high BMI groups according to the median of pre-pregnancy BMI. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and β cell function (HOMA-β), Matsuda index, and 60-min insulinogenic index (IGI60) were used to evaluate insulin resistance and β cell function. In all the participants, 150 (17.71%) were diagnosed with GDM. ROC analyses showed that in the low BMI group, the association of β cell dysfunction (IGI60 or HOMA-β) with GDM was stronger than that of insulin resistance (Matsuda index or HOMA-IR), while in the high BMI group, the association of β cell dysfunction with GDM was weaker than that of insulin resistance (all P < 0.05). Among all GDM patients, 47.33% demonstrated predominant insulin resistance (Matsuda index < 25th percentile), and 46% had predominant β cell defect (IGI60 < 25th percentile). In the low BMI group, 15.09% of GDM patients demonstrated predominant insulin resistance, and 62.26% of GDM patients had predominant β cell defect, whereas in the high BMI group, 64.95% of GDM patients demonstrated mainly insulin resistance and 36.08% of GDM patients had mainly β cell defect. In women with low BMI, β cell dysfunction is the major etiologic factor, whereas, in women with high BMI, insulin resistance is the predominant etiologic factor in the development of GDM.
ENDOCRINOLOGY IN PREGNANCY: Targeting metabolic health promotion to optimise maternal and offspring health.; There is an increase in maternal metabolic burden due to the rise in pregnancies complicated by obesity, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Metabolic dysfunction during pregnancy is associated with increased risks of long-term morbidity and mortality for women and their offspring. Lifestyle interventions in pregnancy in women at risk of metabolic dysfunction have demonstrated short-term improvements such as reduced gestational weight gain and lowered risk of gestational diabetes. It is not known whether these interventions lead to sustained improvements in the metabolic health of the mother and baby. Pharmacological interventions have also shown benefits for the mother and baby in pregnancy, including improvements in glycaemic control, reduction in gestational weight gain and reduction in large for gestational age infants; however, there remains uncertainty over long-term outcomes for mother and child. Existing studies on interventions targeting metabolic health are limited to selected populations in the preconception and postpartum periods and lack follow-up beyond delivery of the intervention. The COVID-19 pandemic has refocused our attention on the effects of maternal metabolic ill-health that play a role in contributing to premature morbidity and mortality. There is an urgent need for strategies to accurately identify the growing number of women and offspring at risk of long-term adverse metabolic health. Strategies which focus on early identification and risk stratification using individualised risk scores in the pre and inter-conception periods must take priority if we are to target and improve the metabolic health of women and their offspring who are at highest risk.
Compromised barrier integrity of human feto-placental vessels from gestational diabetic pregnancies is related to downregulation of occludin expression.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Reduced occupancy of junctional occludin is a feature of human placental vessels in the diabetic milieu. However, the functional consequence of this and whether this loss is due to differential expression of occludin splice variants is not known. Our study aimed to investigate the effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and its treatment, on endothelial junctional integrity, gene and protein expression of occludin splice variants, and potential regulation of expression by microRNAs (miRNAs). METHODS: Term placentas were obtained from normal pregnancies (n = 21), and pregnancies complicated by GDM where glucose levels were controlled by diet (n = 11) or metformin (n = 6). Gene and microRNA (miRNA) expression were determined by quantitative real-time PCR; protein expression by immunoblotting; endothelial junctional occupancy by fluorescence microscopy and systematic sampling; and paracellular leakage by perfusion of placental microvascular beds with 76 M(r) dextran. Transfection studies of miRNAs that target OCLN were performed in HUVECs, and the trans-endothelial electrical resistance and tracer permeability of the HUVECs were measured. RESULTS: All three predicted OCLN gene splice variants and two occludin protein isoforms were found in human placental samples. In placental samples from diet-controlled GDM (d-GDM) pregnancies we found a lower percentage of conduit vessels showing occludin immunoreactivity (12%, p < 0.01), decreased levels of the fully functional occludin isoform-A protein (29%), and differential gene expression of OCLN variant 2 (33% decrease), variant 3 (3.3-fold increase). These changes were not seen in samples from the group with metformin-controlled GDM. In d-GDM placentas, increased numbers of conduit microvessels demonstrated extravasation of 76 M(r) dextran (2.0-fold). In d-GDM expression of one of the five potential miRNAs targeting OCLN, miR-181a-5p, expression was 2.1-fold that in normal pregnancies. Experimental overexpression of miR-181a-5p in HUVECs from normal pregnancies resulted in a highly significant downregulation of OCLN variant 1 (69%) and variant 2 (46%) gene expression, with decreased trans-endothelial resistance (78%) and increase in tracer permeability (1.3-fold). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Downregulation of expression of OCLN variant 2 and the fully functional occludin isoform-A protein are a feature of placentas in d-GDM pregnancies. These may be behind the loss of junctional occludin and the increased extravasation of exogenous dextran observed. miR-181a-5p was in part responsible for the downregulation of occludin in placentas from d-GDM pregnancies. Induced overexpression of miR-181a-5p compromised the integrity of the endothelial barrier. Our data suggest that, despite good glucose control, the adoption of lifestyle changes alone during a GDM pregnancy may not be enough to prevent an alteration in the expression of occludin and the subsequent functional consequences in placentas and impaired vascular barrier function in offspring. Graphical abstract.
[Assessment of selected anthropometric parameters in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero - preliminary results].; INTRODUCTION: Current studies show uncreased risk of obesity cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero. AIM: The aim of this study was to assess the selected anthropometric parameters in children exposed to gestational diabetes in utero. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 43 children, 7-15 years of age, exposed to gestational diabetes in utero were included in the study. Data including mother's pregestational anthropometric parameters, the course of pregnancy and anthropometric parameters of a newborn were obtained from the interview and medical records. Pediatric physical examination with Tanner assessment of pubertal development was conducted. In children and mothers the height and body mass were measured, and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. In participants of the study waist and hip circumferences were measured. RESULTS: Higher birth weight (p=0.02), head and chest circumferences (p=0,02 and p=0.03) were observed in newborns of mothers with pregestational overweight and obesity. The analysis of newborns growth parameters and type of gestational diabetes did not show a significant difference. Obesity (BMI z 95th percentile) was diagnosed in 9 children (20.9 %) and overweight (BMI between 85th and 94th percentile) in 6 participants (13.9%). Higher body mass (p=0.02), BMI (p=0.02) and waist circumference (p-0.03) were observed in children who reached III-V Tanner stage, comparing to participants in Tanner Ml. Higher body mass, BMI, waist and hip circumferences were observed in the offspring of mothers with pregestational overweight and obesity. Mothers of children with BMI > 90th percentile currently show higher body mass and BMI in comparison to mothers of slimmer participants. CONCLUSIONS: Excessive body weight before pregnancy in mothers with gestational diabetes can influence not only the anthropometric parameters of newborns and lead to fetal macrosomy, but also can be a predisposing factor for overweight and obesity in later childhood.
Is the child at risk? Cardiovascular remodelling in children born to diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to assess differences in myocardial systolic and diastolic function and vascular function in children 2-5 years of age born to diabetic as compared to non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: This study was a retrospective cohort conducted in 2016 at The Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi, Pakistan. It included children between 2 and 5 years of age born to mothers with and without exposure to diabetes in utero (n = 68 in each group) and who were appropriate for gestational age. Myocardial morphology and function using echocardiogram and carotid intima media thickness (cIMT) and pulse wave velocity was performed to evaluate cardiac function as well as macrovascular remodelling in these children. Multiple linear regression was used to compare the groups. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in cardiac morphology, myocardial systolic and diastolic function, and macrovascular assessment between the exposed and unexposed groups of AGA children. Subgroup analysis demonstrated a significantly decreased mitral E/A ratio in children whose mothers were on medications as compared to those on dietary control (median [IQR] = 1.7 [1.6-1.9] and 1.56 [1.4-1.7], respectively, p = 0.02), and a higher cIMT in children whose mothers were on medication as compared to controls (0.48 [0.44-0.52] and 0.46 [0.44-0.50], respectively, p = 0.03). CONCLUSION: In utero exposure to uncontrolled maternal diabetes has an effect on the cardiovascular structure and function in children aged 2-5 years. However, future work requires long-term follow-up from fetal to adult life to assess these changes over the life course.
Congenital heart disease in infants of diabetic mothers: echocardiographic study.; Our objective was to study neonates born to insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) mothers to detect the spectrum of congenital heart disease (CHD). Between July 2000 and June 2001, a prospective study of 100 consecutive infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) at King Khalid University Hospital in Riyadh was undertaken. Family and maternal history, physical examination with special attention to the cardiovascular system, and echocardiography were performed. A total of 100 consecutive IDMs examined. The most common echocardiographic findings were patent ductus arteriosus (PDA; 70%), patent foramen ovale (68%), atrial septal defect (5%), small muscular ventricular septal defect (4%), mitral valve prolapse (2%), and pulmonary stenosis (1%). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) was observed in 38% of cases, mainly hypertrophy of the interventricular septum. Severe forms of CHD encountered were D-transposition of great arteries, tetralogy of Fallot, and hypoplastic left heart syndrome (1% each). Isolated aortic stenosis and coarctation of aorta were not encountered in this series. Overall incidence of congenital heart disease was 15% after excluding PDA and HCMP. Maternal IDDM is a significant risk factor for CHD. Careful evaluation and early diagnosis of CHD in this high-risk group are highly indicated. There is a need for development of prenatal screening programs for CHD in our population.
Familial aggregation of type 2 diabetes and chronic hypertension in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To perform a case-control study to assess the extent to which women with a positive parental history of type 2 diabetes and/or chronic hypertension experienced an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: Participants (133 GDM cases and 373 controls) provided information on first-degree family history of the 2 conditions and other covariates of interest in interviews. Logistic regression procedures were used to derive odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals adjusted for confounding by maternal age, race/ethnicity and prepregnancy adiposity. RESULTS: As compared with women with no parental history of diabetes, women with a maternal-only (odds ratio = 2.0), paternal-only (odds ratio = 2.3) or both maternal and paternal history of diabetes (odds ratio = 3.8) experienced a statistically significant increased risk of GDM. The odds ratio for women with a positive parental history of diabetes and hypertension was 2.6 (95% confidence interval, 1.3-5.3). Women with a diabetic sibling had an 8.4-fold increased risk of GDM (95% confidence interval, 2.1-33.4). First-degree family history of chronic hypertension was predictive of GDM risk but only when hypertension was associated with a diagnosis of diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our results are consistent with the thesis that family history of diabetes (alone or when associated with hypertension) reflects genetic and behavioral factors whereby women may be predisposed to an increased GDM risk.
Amniotic fluid osmolality in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; Amniotic fluid osmolality (AF Osm) was studied in 247 patients whose pregnancies were complicated by maternal diabetes. Significant increases in mean AF Osm accompanied pre-existing fetal as well as subsequent perinatal death. Abnormal increases in AF Osm were associated with a significant increase in risk of perinatal compromise with cumulative morbidity and mortality rates of 54 per cent. These data suggest that serial evaluation of AF Osm enables detection of a "higher risk" group of diabetic pregnancies in which perinatal death is more than doubled.
The effect of maternal type 2 diabetes on fetal endothelial gene expression and function.; AIMS: Maternal type 2 diabetes (T2D) can result in adverse pathological outcomes to both the mother and fetus. The present study aimed to investigate the pathological effects of maternal T2D on the gene expression patterns and functions of fetal human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs), a representative of fetal vascular cells. METHODS: Cell proliferation, apoptosis, mitochondrial ROS production and cell cycle were measured using flowcytometry. Genome-wide expression was measured using Affymetrix microarray. Gene expression of CCND2, STAT1, ITGB8, ALDH2, and ADAMTS5 was measured using real-time PCR. RESULTS: HUVECs derived from T2D mothers (T2D-HUVECs) showed elevated levels of mitochondrial superoxide anions, reduced cell proliferation, and increased apoptosis rates relative to HUVECs derived from healthy control mothers (C.HUVECs). In addition , T2D-HUVECs showed a decreased proportion of cells in G0/G1 and cell cycle arrest at the S phases relative to controls. Interestingly, microarray experiments revealed significant differences in genome-wide expression profiles between T2D-HUVECs and C.HUVECs. In particular, the analysis identified 90 upregulated genes and 42 downregulated genes. The upregulated genes CCND2, STAT1, ITGB8, ALDH2, and ADAMTS5 were validated as potential biomarkers for fetal endothelial dysfunction. Functional network analysis revealed that these genes are the important players that participate in the pathogenesis of endothelial dysfunction, which in turn influences the inflammatory response, cellular movement, and cardiovascular system development and function. CONCLUSION: Sustained alterations in the overall function of T2D-HUVEC and gene expression profiles provided insights into the role of maternal T2D on the pathophysiology of the fetal endothelial dysfunction.
Plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor levels are not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes.; We aimed to determine plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) antigen levels in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the possible association of plasma TAFI with glucose intolerance and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis. This cross-sectional study was performed in 111 women with previous GDM and 60 controls. Glucose intolerance was evaluated. Homeostasis model assessment score was calculated. Circulating lipids, interleukin-6, matrix metalloproteinase-1, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and TAFI antigen levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Women with previous GDM had increased levels of atherosclerosis markers and carotid IMT. On the other hand, plasma TAFI antigen levels were similar (P = .395). Thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor was not associated with the indices of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, markers of atherosclerosis, and carotid IMT. Our data demonstrated that plasma TAFI was not altered in women with previous GDM. TAFI was not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis.
A clinical study on diabetic retinopathy.; A clinical research on the diabetic retinopathy(DR) is reported. In the 662 cases of diabetes mellitus examined, the prevalence of DR was 51.3%, of which 7.6% were preproliferative and 7% proliferative. The study showed that when the disease progressed to the preproliferative and proliferative DR, laser photocoagulation could be the best treatment of choice, and panretinal photocoagulation was also quite effective in the treatment of pregnant patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
The impact of short-term hyperglycemia and obesity on biventricular and biatrial myocardial function assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography in a population of women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: To compare biventricular and biatrial myocardial strain indices assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at the third trimester of pregnancy and in post-partum. METHODS AND RESULTS: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 age-, ethnicity- and gestational week-matched controls without any comorbidity were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests and transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE analysis of all cardiac chambers at 36-38 weeks' gestation. TTE and 2D-STE were repeated at 6-10 weeks after delivery. At 36-38 weeks' gestation, GDM women, compared to controls, had significantly higher body mass index (BMI), blood pressure values and inflammatory markers. TTE showed increased left ventricular (LV) mass and impaired LV diastolic function in GDM women, whereas there was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction. 2D-STE revealed that biventricular global longitudinal strain (GLS) and biatrial reservoir strain indices were significantly lower in GDM women than controls. Third trimester BMI was inversely correlated with LV-GLS (r = -0.86) and was independently associated with reduced LV-GLS (less negative than -20%) in GDM women in post-partum (OR 1.81, 95%CI 1.14-2.89). A BMI value ≥ 30 kg/m(2) had 100% sensitivity and 99.5% specificity for identifying GDM women with impaired LV-GLS in post-partum (AUC = 0.97). CONCLUSION: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have significantly lower biventricular and biatrial myocardial deformation indices. These abnormalities may be persistent in post-partum in GDM women with obesity.
Oocyte donation to women over 40 years of age: pregnancy complications.; Recently, oocyte donation to women of advanced age has led to a considerable number of conceptions, thus increasing the age limit for becoming pregnant. A main consideration encountered by physicians, though, is the potential medical and obstetric complications of a pregnancy at an advanced age. In this study, the obstetric complications, as well as the perinatal outcome, of pregnancies of aged recipients (above 40) are presented and compared to those of younger recipients. A significantly higher incidence of gestational diabetes (P < 0.001), an increased incidence of pre-eclampsia (at the 10% level of significance) and an increased risk for thrombophlebitis (again at the 10% level) was observed in the older patients, but a careful follow-up during their pregnancy led to a highly satisfactory obstetric and perinatal outcome. A rigorous precycle medical screening (especially for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes) and a careful follow-up during pregnancy is, therefore, imperative so that oocyte donation to older women is not withheld and continues to provide fertility possibilities to otherwise sterile patients.
Topographic change in the central macula coupled with contrast sensitivity loss in diabetic pregnancy.; PURPOSE: To study macular topography and contrast sensitivity (CS) in diabetic and nondiabetic women during pregnancy and post partum. METHODS: A prospective study of 46 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes and 11 nondiabetic pregnant controls. Macular surface topography was analyzed by Heidelberg Retinal Tomograph. Volume above the reference plane (VARP) was measured with 1.0-, 1.5-, 2.0-, and 3.0-mm-diameter circles. CS was measured with the Vistech 6500 Contrast Test System. RESULTS: The diabetic women had greater VARP than the controls measured with the 1.5-mm diameter circle. In diabetic women, the mean VARP was 0.084+/-0.064 mm(3) (mean +/- SD) in the first trimester, 0.080 +/- 0.056 mm(3) in the third trimester, and 0.087 +/- 0.067 mm(3) 3 months post partum compared with the values of 0.069+/-0.043, 0.054+/-0.024, and 0.036+/-0.020 mm(3) in the controls ( P=0.036 between groups). In diabetic women requiring laser treatment, the difference from controls was more significant ( P<0.001). CS at 3 cpd and 6.0 cpd was lower in diabetic women than in controls throughout pregnancy and post partum ( P=0.012 and P=0.043). A statistically significant negative correlation appeared between macular topography and CS during the third trimester; between cpd 6 and VARP 1.5 mm ( r=-0.471, P=0.001), and between cpd 6 and VARP 2.0 mm ( r=-0.446, P=0.002). CONCLUSIONS: In the diabetic women, especially in those with clear progression of retinopathy during pregnancy and post-partum, the macula seemed to be slightly more elevated than in the controls, and CS was lower at mid-range spatial frequencies. CS loss in the diabetic women correlated with macular elevation during the third trimester.
Antenatal diagnosis of fetal cardiac abnormalities.; Utilizing fetal electrocardiography, ultrasound, M-mode and two dimensional echocardiography, fetal cardiac function, structure, and rhythm were studied in pregnancies with obstetrical risk factors. Risk factors for fetal cardiac abnormalities were defined to include: maternal diabetes, connective tissue disorders; Rh hemolytic disease; fetal cardiac arrhythmias, ascites of hydrops; intrauterine growth retardation; maternal drug or teratogen exposure and a family history of congenital heart disease. Representative cases are presented and include fetal findings, management and neonatal outcome.
Inflammation and impaired endothelium-dependant vasodilatation in non obese women with gestational diabetes mellitus: preliminary results.; BACKGROUND: To evaluate whether abnormal endothelial function, a common finding in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies, can be explained by inflammatory cytokines. METHODS: Forearm skin blood flow (FSBF), into response to acetylcholine (Ach) (endothelium-dependent vasodilatation), were measured in 24 pregnant control subjects and 28 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) women, in the third trimester of gestation. A fasting glycemic and lipidic panel was obtained, and inflammatory cytokines (TNF-α and IL-6) and adiponectin were also determined. RESULTS: FSBF is significantly reduced in GDM group compared with control subjects (344.59 ± 57.791 vs.176.38 ± 108.52, P < 0.05). Among all subjects, FSBF showed a strong negative correlation with TNF-α and IL-6 (r = -0.426, P < 0.0001 and r = -0.564, P < 0.0001, respectively) and positive correlation with adiponectin (r = 0.468, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Endothelial function, an early marker of macrovascular disease, is present in non-obese pregnancies complicated by GDM. This alteration seems to be directly related to inflammatory status, which may represent a patho-physiological link between GDM and type 2 diabetes and, later on, metabolic syndrome.
Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors Are Associated With a Significant Burden of Treated Hypertension Within 10 Years of Delivery: Findings From a Population-Based Norwegian Cohort.; BACKGROUND: The association between pregnancy complications and women's later cardiovascular disease has, primarily, been evaluated in studies lacking information on important covariates. This report evaluates the prospective associations between pregnancy-related risk factors (preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restriction) and pharmacologically treated hypertension within 10 years after pregnancy, while adjusting for a wide range of covariates. METHODS AND RESULTS: Prepregnancy normotensive women participating in the MoBa (Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study) from January 2004 through July 2009 were linked to the Norwegian Prescription Database to identify women with pharmacologically treated hypertension beyond the postpartum period of 3 months. The burden of hypertension associated with pregnancy-related risk factors was evaluated using an attributable fraction method. A total of 1480 women developed pharmacologically treated hypertension within the follow-up among 60 027 women (rate of hypertension, 3.6/1000 person-years). The proportion of hypertension associated with a history of preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was 28.6% (95% confidence interval, 25.5%-31.6%) on the basis of multivariable analyses adjusting for numerous covariates. The proportion was similar for women with a healthy prepregnancy body mass index (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2); attributable fraction (AF)% 25.9%; 95% confidence interval, 21.3%-30.3%), but considerably higher for nulliparous women at baseline within the first 5 years of follow-up. Small-for-gestational age, however, did not increase subsequent hypertension risk in multivariable analyses. CONCLUSIONS: A structured postpartum follow-up of high-risk women identified through pregnancy-related risk factors would facilitate personalized preventive strategies to postpone or avoid onset of premature cardiovascular events.
Reducing the cost of detection of congenital heart disease in fetuses of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To provide a cost minimization analysis to support a paradigm shift in the use of comprehensive ultrasound and echocardiography in the prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease (CHD) in fetuses of women with diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, the diabetic clinic service database of the University of California San Diego was searched from January 2001 to June 2004 for pregnant women with Type I or II DM and HbA1c >6.3%. Subjects underwent comprehensive ultrasound examination (with four-chamber views and outflow tracts) and fetal echocardiography according to a standard protocol. Newborns were examined for cardiac defects and underwent postnatal echocardiography as indicated. The cost of screening was evaluated. RESULTS: Of 115 neonates and two terminations of pregnancy there were 20 (17%) cases of CHD. Six of these CHD were major and all six were detected prenatally by both ultrasound and echocardiography. Three additional clinically insignificant cases of CHD were identified by fetal echocardiography. Eleven cases of CHD were identified by postnatal echocardiography only, all of which were clinically insignificant lesions. The prenatal detection rate of major CHD was 100% (6/6) for both ultrasound and echocardiography. The sensitivites of ultrasound (30% (95% CI, 13-54%)) and echocardiography (45% (95% CI, 24-68%)) were similar (P = 0.32). A cost minimization analysis was done using the published Medicaid (California) system's relative value unit and conversion factors. Accordingly, our current protocol costs $6503.43 per case of major CHD detected. If echocardiography had been performed only as indicated and postnatal echocardiography had been performed on all neonates, the cost would have been $7056.83 per case of major CHD detected. Alternatively, combined targeted ultrasound with indicated prenatal and postnatal echocardiography would have been associated with a cost of $4996.05 per case of major CHD detected. CONCLUSION: Detection of major CHD was excellent with both comprehensive prenatal ultrasound and echocardiography. Echocardiography added little to the prenatal diagnosis of CHD if the comprehensive ultrasound examination was normal. The highest cost-benefit ratio and most efficacious protocol for screening based on our data would be comprehensive ultrasound with prenatal and postnatal echocardiography only as indicated. Further prospective studies are warranted.
Risk of major congenital heart disease in pregestational maternal diabetes is modified by hemoglobin A1c.; OBJECTIVES: The association between pregestational diabetes mellitus (PDM) and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) is well recognized; however, the importance of glycemic control and other coexisting risk factors during pregnancy is less clear. We sought to determine the relative risk (RR) of major CHD (mCHD) among offspring from pregnancies complicated by PDM and the effect of first-trimester glycemic control on mCHD risk. METHODS: We determined the incidence of mCHD (requiring surgery within 1 year of birth or resulting in pregnancy termination or fetal demise) among registered births in Alberta, Canada. Linkage of diabetes status, maximum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at < 16 weeks' gestation and other covariates was performed using data from the Alberta Perinatal Health Program registry. Risk of mCHD according to HbA1c was estimated as an adjusted RR (aRR), calculated using log-binomial modeling. RESULTS: Of 1412 cases of mCHD in 594 773 (2.37/1000) births in the study period, mCHD was present in 48/7497 with PDM (6.4/1000; RR, 2.8 (95% CI, 2.1-3.7); P < 0.0001). In the entire cohort, increased maternal age (aRR, 1.03 (95% CI, 1.02-1.04); P < 0.0001) and multiple gestation (aRR, 1.37 (95% CI, 1.1-1.8); P = 0.02) were also associated with mCHD risk, whereas maternal prepregnancy weight > 91 kg was not. The stratified risk for mCHD associated with HbA1c ≤ 6.1%, > 6.1-8.0% and > 8.0% was 4.2/1000, 6.8/1000 and 17.1/1000 PDM/gestational diabetes mellitus births, respectively; the aRR of mCHD associated with PDM and HbA1c > 8.0% was 8.5 (95% CI, 5.0-14.4) compared to those without diabetes and 5.5 (95% CI, 1.6-19.4) compared to PDM with normal HbA1c (≤ 6.1%). CONCLUSIONS: PDM is associated with a RR of 2.8 for mCHD, increasing to 8.5 in those with HbA1c > 8%. These data should facilitate refinement of referral indications for high-risk pregnancy screening. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
A meta-analysis of pregnancy outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common reproductive disorder associated with many characteristic features, including hyperandrogenaemia, insulin resistance and obesity which may have significant implications for pregnancy outcomes and long-term health of the woman. This meta-analysis was conducted to evaluate the risk of pregnancy and neonatal complications in women with PCOS. Electronic databases were searched for the following MeSH headings: PCOS, hyperandrogenism, pregnancy outcome, pregnancy complications, diabetes mellitus, type II. A handsearch of human reproduction and fertility and sterility was also conducted. Studies in which pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS were compared with controls were considered for inclusion in this meta-analysis. Fifteen of 525 identified studies were included, involving 720 women presenting with PCOS and 4505 controls. Women with PCOS demonstrated a significantly higher risk of developing gestational diabetes [odds ratio (OR) 2.94; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.70-5.08], pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR 3.67; 95% CI: 1.98-6.81), pre-eclampsia (OR 3.47; 95% CI: 1.95-6.17) and preterm birth (OR 1.75; 95% CI: 1.16-2.62). Their babies had a significantly higher risk of admission to a neonatal intensive care unit (OR 2.31; 95% CI: 1.25-4.26) and a higher perinatal mortality (OR 3.07; 95% CI: 1.03-9.21), unrelated to multiple births. In conclusion, women with PCOS are at increased risk of pregnancy and neonatal complications. Pre-pregnancy, antenatal and intrapartum care should be aimed at reducing these risks.
Study protocol: use of a smartphone application to support the implementation of a complex physical activity intervention (+Stay Active) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus-protocol for a non-randomised feasibility study.; INTRODUCTION: Physical activity (PA) interventions have a promising role in the management of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Digital technologies can support PA at scale and remotely. The protocol describes a study designed to determine the feasibility and acceptability of a complex intervention; known as +Stay Active. +Stay Active combines motivational interviewing with a bespoke behaviour change informed smartphone application (Stay-Active) to augment PA levels in women with GDM. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This is a non-randomised feasibility study using a mixed methods approach. Participants will be recruited from the GDM antenatal clinic at the Women Centre, John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford. Following baseline assessments (visit 1) including self-reported and device determined PA assessment (wearing a wrist accelerometer), women will be invited to participate in an online motivational interview, then download and use the Stay-Active app (Android or iOS) (visit 2). Women will have access to Stay-Active until 36 weeks gestation, when engagement and PA levels will be reassessed (visit 3). The target sample size is 60 women. Primary outcomes are recruitment and retention rates, compliance and assessment of participant engagement and acceptability with the intervention. Secondary outcomes are assessment of blood glucose control, self-reported and device determined assessment of PA, usage and structured feedback of participant's attitudes to +Stay Active, assessment of health costs and description of maternal and neonatal outcomes. This study will provide key insights into this complex intervention regarding engagement in smartphone technology and the wearing of accelerometers. These data will inform the development of a randomised controlled trial with refinements to intervention implementation. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study has received a favourable opinion from South Central-Hampshire B Research Ethics Committee; REC reference: 20/SC/0342. Written informed consent will be obtained from all participants. Findings will be disseminated through peer-reviewed journals, conferences and seminar presentations. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN11366562.
Nutritional and Exercise-Focused Lifestyle Interventions and Glycemic Control in Women with Diabetes in Pregnancy: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials.; Diabetes disrupts one in six pregnancies, bestowing immediate and long-term health risks to mother and child. Diet and exercise are commonly prescribed to control dysglycemia, but their effectiveness across sub-populations and types of diabetes (type-1; type-2; or gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM) is uncertain. Therefore, a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effect of diet and/or exercise on glycemia in pregnant women with diabetes was conducted. Random effects models were used to evaluate effect sizes across studies and anticipated confounders (e.g., age, ethnicity, BMI). Of the 4845 records retrieved, 26 studies (8 nutritional supplements, 12 dietary, and 6 exercise interventions) were included. All studies were conducted in patients with GDM. Overall, supplement- and exercise-based interventions reduced fasting glucose (−0.30 mmol/L; 95% CI = −0.55, −0.06; p = 0.02; and 0.10 mmol/L; 95% CI = −0.20, −0.01; p = 0.04); and supplement- and diet-based interventions reduced HOMA-IR (−0.40; 95% CI = −0.58, −0.22; p < 0.001; and −1.15; 95% CI = −2.12, −0.17; p = 0.02). Subgroup analysis by confounders only confirmed marginal changed effect sizes. Our results suggest a favorable role of certain nutritional supplements, diet, and exercise practices on glycemia in women with GDM and underline a lack of evidence in ~20% of other diabetes-related pregnancies (i.e., women with pre-existing diabetes).
Expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 in umbilical and placental vascular tissue of gestational diabetic and normal pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Expression of intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), a marker of endothelial dysfunction leading to damaging vascular disorders, in umbilical and placental vascular tissue of gestational pregnancies was compared to non-diabetic controls. METHODS: We included 32 pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 28 women with normal ongoing pregnancies were taken as the control group. Pregnant women with GDM were selected from the ones who had glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) values lower from 6%. CD54/ICAM-1 expression profile was evaluated by immunohistochemistry, and cellular localization was determined under light microscopy. The immunoreactivity was assessed using a four-tiered scale: 0-5% (0), 6-20% (+1), 21-50% (+2), 51-100% (+3). RESULTS: In gestational diabetic patient's umbilical artery, +1 immunostaining group was observed (62.5%), and in their placenta, the highest percentage was seen in the 0 immunostaining group (43.8%). Diabetic patient's umbilical vein has the highest percentage in the +1 immunostaining group. In the control group, in both umbilical artery and vein, the highest percentage was seen in the +2 immunostaining group (46.4%) and their placenta has the +3 immunostaining group with the highest percentage (57.1%). CONCLUSION: The main outcome of our study was that, although underlying diabetes does have some effects on the pregnant mother, fears of endothelial dysfunction leading to damaging vascular disorders are probably unfounded in well-controlled GDM women.
Association Between Birth Weight and Risk of Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension and Gestational Diabetes in Japanese Women: JPHC-NEXT Study.; BACKGROUND: Although prevalence of low birth weight has increased in the last 3 decades in Japan, no studies in Japanese women have investigated whether birth weight is associated with the risk of pregnancy complications, such as pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We used data from the Japan Public Health Center-based Prospective Study for the Next Generation (JPHC-NEXT), a population-based cohort study in Japan that launched in 2011. In the main analysis, we included 46,365 women who had been pregnant at least once, for whom information on birth weight and events during their pregnancy was obtained using a self-administered questionnaire. Women were divided into five categories according to their birth weight, and the relationship between birth weight and risk of PIH and GDM was examined using multilevel logistic regression analyses with place of residence as a random effect. RESULTS: Compared to women born with birth weight of 3,000-3,999 grams, the risk of PIH was significantly higher among women born <1,500 grams (adjusted odd ratio [aOR] 1.60; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.17-2.21), 1,500-2,499 grams (aOR 1.16; 95% CI, 1.03-1.30), and 2,500-2,999 grams (aOR 1.13; 95% CI, 1.04-1.22). The risk of GDM was significantly higher among women born 1,500-2,499 grams (aOR 1.20; 95% CI, 1.02-1.42), albeit non-significant association among women in other birthweight categories. CONCLUSIONS: We observed an increased risk of PIH among women born with lower birth weight albeit non-significant increased risk of GDM among Japanese women.
GLP-1 rescued gestational diabetes mellitus-induced suppression of fetal thalamus development.; Diabetes can be classified as type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It has been reported that children born from mothers with GDM present motor impairment, however, underlying mechanisms of GDM-induce fetal neurological diseases remain unknown. In this study, NOD (nonobese diabetic) mice were used to construct the GDM model; after 2 weeks of gestation, thalamocortical axon development of fetal was evaluated by immunofluorescence. PCR of LRRC4C was used to confirm axon development of the thalamus cortex. RNA array was used to predict possible targets affected by GDM during fetal neurodevelopment. Western blot was used to investigate the underlying mechanism, PI3K inhibitor, and MAPK inhibitor was used to determine key pathway involved in this model, in vitro axonal growth was evaluated using neural stem cells, tactile sensory behavior of offspring was assessed to confirm neurological influence further. The result shown that maternal diabetes significantly suppressed axonal development of fetal thalamus cortex, PCR array of GDM fetal brain indicated that upregulation of GLP-1R compared with normal fetal, ELISA confirmed that GLP-1 level was decreased in GDM maternal serum compared with that of wild type pregnant mice. In vitro study observed enhanced axonal elongation after supplements of GLP-1 analog, GLP-1 analog PI3K-dependently active ROCK1 activity, IP injection of GLP-1 analog could partly reverse GDM-induced suppression of fetal thalamocortical axon development and improve tactile sensory behavior of GDM offspring. Our study provided a novel mechanism of GDM induced-neurological diseases and predicted GLP-1 as possible prevention supplement during gestation.
Changes in fetal intracranial anatomy during maternal pregestational and gestational diabetes.; AIM: To evaluate the changes in fetal intracranial structures in pregnant women with pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The study was conducted prospectively with patients who were grouped as pregestational DM (n = 110), GDM (n = 110), and control (n = 110). Fetal ultrasonographic measurements of widths of posterior lateral ventricles (PLV), cavum septum pellucidi (CSP), cisterna magna (CM), thalamus and transcerebellar diameter (TCD) were recorded and compared. RESULTS: Fetal PLV, CSP, and CM widths were higher in pregestational DM and GDM groups than in control group, and also higher in pregestational DM group compared to GDM group (p < 0.001). Fetal TCD in the PGDM group was found to be less than both control and GDM groups (p < 0.001). No difference was found between three groups in terms of fetal thalamus size (p = 0.801). Fetal PLV, CSP, and CM values were positively correlated with maternal hyperglycemia, fetal abdominal circumference (AC), and deepest vertical pocket of amniotic fluid (DVP) (p < 0.001). Fetal TCD was negatively correlated with HbA1c and DVP (p = 0.002, p = 0.38, respectively). The optimal cut-off points to identify pregestational DM and GDM were 5.55 and 5.83 mm for PLV, 5.83 and 6.32 mm for CSP, and 7.26 and 6.62 mm for CM. CONCLUSION: Maternal hyperglycemia was significantly associated with an increase in the widths of fetal PLV, CSP, and CM and a decrease in fetal TCD.
Home birth: negative implications derived from a hospital-based birthing suite.; Our study of 390 patients enrolled in a birthing suite program revealed that antepartum or intrapartum problems allowed only 160 (41%) to actually give birth in the birthing suite. Antepartum complications included premature labor in ten (2.5%), premature ruptured membranes in 31 (8%), postdatism in 50 (13%), preeclampsia in 27 (7%), and diabetes mellitus in five (1.3%). Intrapartum complications included meconium in 62 (16%), arrest of labor in 64 (16%), oxytocin use in 85 (22%), and fetal heart rate decelerations in 28 (7%). Two hundred ninety-seven births (76%) were spontaneous. Forty-two low-forceps deliveries (10%), 12 mid-forceps deliveries (3%), and 39 cesarean sections (10%) were done in the traditional labor and delivery suite. Puerperal complications included one uterine inversion, two cases of placenta accreta, one rectovaginal fistula, and two requirements of blood transfusion. Neonatal morbidity included 22 low Apgar scores (7%), two shoulder dystocia, three cytomegalovirus infestations, and one lethal anomaly. Six infants had meconium aspiration, two with severe hypoxia. Any of these complications would overwhelm the patient in home birth. Intense prenatal screening may decrease some risk factors, but the intrapartum period was found to pose unacceptable risks for home birth in this population.
[Gestational diabetes mellitus : what after delivery ?].; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs in an increasing number of pregnancies. Due to its disappearance after delivery, GDM can be underestimated despite description of many risks for mothers and offsprings later in life. These women are at higher risk for metabolic abnormalities and cardiovascular disease. Overweight/obesity, metabolic disturbances, cardiovascular complications and lower cognitive abilities are more frequent in offsprings. These two populations need an early and adequate prevention of metabolic and cardiovascular disorder from a public health point of view. Lifestyle (healthy diet and exercise) is the best advice to promote in these families. For these women with previous DG, breast-feeding as long as possible and metformin may also be part of the management.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with greater incidence of dementia during long-term post-partum follow-up.; BACKGROUND: The impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on incident dementia is unknown. Our aim was to evaluate the relationship between GDM and all-cause dementia and the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship. METHODS: This prospective cohort study included women from the UK Biobank who were grouped based on GDM history. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were used to explore the associations between GDM and dementia. We further analysed the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship and the interactions of covariates. RESULTS: A total of 1292 women with and 204,171 women without a history of GDM were included. During a median follow-up period of 45 years after first birth, 2921 women were diagnosed with dementia. Women with a GDM history had a 67% increased risk of incident dementia (hazard ratio 1.67, 95% confidence interval: 1.03-2.69) compared with those without a GDM history. According to mediation analyses, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic kidney disease and comorbidities (diagnosed with any two of the three diseases) explained 34.5%, 8.4%, 5.2% and 18.8% of the mediating effect on the relationship. Subgroup analyses revealed that physical activity modified the association between GDM history and dementia (p for interaction = 0.030). Among physically inactive women, GDM was significantly associated with incident dementia; however, this association was not observed among physically active women. CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM was associated with a greater risk of incident dementia. Type 2 diabetes partially mediated this relationship. Strategies for dementia prevention might be considered for women with a history of GDM.
The feto-placental endothelium in pregnancy pathologies.; This review aims to provide a comprehensive summary of the aspects of endothelial and vascular dysfunction in the feto-placental vasculature occurring in pregnancy pathologies. This endothelium is continuous with the fetal circulation. Its function and potential dysfunction in pathologies will have a profound impact on fetal development. Gestational diabetes mellitus represents one of these pathologies, in which its associated metabolic derangements will alter feto-placental endothelial functions. These, in turn, may result in functional changes of the placenta, which may entail impaired fetal development. By contrast, changes in the feto-placental vasculature observed in cases of fetal growth restriction and preeclampsia may be causative (fetal growth restriction) or secondary (preeclampsia) for the pathology.
Gestational diabetes and the incidence of diabetes in the 5 years following the index pregnancy in South Indian women.; This study was carried out to examine the incidence of diabetes and the factors associated with this in a cohort of South Indian women 5 years after they were examined for gestational diabetes (GDM). Women (N=630) whose GDM status was determined (Carpenter-Coustan criteria; GDM: N=41) delivered live babies without major anomalies at the Holdsworth Memorial Hospital, Mysore. Of these, 526 women (GDM: N=35) available for follow-up after 5 years underwent a 2-h oral glucose tolerance test and detailed anthropometry. Diabetes was determined using WHO criteria, and Metabolic Syndrome using IDF criteria recommended for south Asian women. The incidence of diabetes (37% versus 2%) and Metabolic Syndrome (60% versus 26%) was considerably higher in women with previous GDM compared to non-GDM women. GDM women who developed diabetes had lower gestational insulin area-under-the-curve (P=0.05). They had larger waist-to-hip ratio, skinfolds, body mass index, and lower 30-min insulin increment at follow-up than other GDM women. In all, history of diabetes in first-degree relatives was independently associated with higher incidence of diabetes (P<0.001). Our findings suggest high diabetes and cardiovascular risks in women with previous GDM. Follow-up of these women after delivery would provide opportunities to modify adverse lifestyle factors.
Associations between the pre-pregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain with pregnancy outcomes in Japanese women.; AIM: To examine the associations between the pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) with pregnancy outcomes in Japanese women. METHODS: The medical records of 1883 Japanese women who delivered singleton infants from January 2010 to January 2013 at Osaka-Minami Medical Center were retrospectively reviewed. We use the BMI classification which the World Health Organization defined for Asian populations and the GWG classified based on the current 2009 Institute of Medicine (IOM) recommendations. The odds ratio (OR) of each of the groups for the different pregnancy outcomes were compared to the recommended group using a logistic regression analysis adjusted by age, gestational weeks, parity, weight gain, mode of delivery, pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Women who were obese (BMI, ≥25 kg/m(2) ) and overweight (BMI, 23-24.9 kg/m(2) ) had a higher rate of developing PIH (adjusted OR, 6.68 and 3.21 [95% confidence interval [CI], 3.31-13.3 and 1.29-7.24]). In contrast, GWG exhibited a correlation with the weight of the infant. The inadequate GWG group had a higher rate of small-for-gestational age (SGA) infants (adjusted OR, 1.72 [95% CI, 1.22-2.46]). The rate of emergency cesarean section was not significantly different between the groups. CONCLUSION: A pre-pregnancy BMI less than 23 kg/m(2) is desirable to prevent Japanese women from developing PIH. GWG within the IOM recommendations also reduced the risk of PIH and SGA.
Medical problems during pregnancy.; Dramatic physiologic changes are part of normal human pregnancy. The physiologic alterations of pregnancy have the potential to affect chronic diseases, to unmask subclinical conditions, or to alter the presentation and course of newly acquired illnesses. An update in selected topics of obstetric medicine follows, focusing on clinical entities in which there have been significant advances in diagnosis or management. Additionally, reviews of selected medical disorders, such as HIV infection and asthma, that are rising in incidence in women of reproductive age are included.
Differences in cardiac geometry in relation to body size among neonates with abnormal prenatal growth and body size at birth.; OBJECTIVES: Both excessive and restricted fetal growth are associated with changes in cardiac geometry and function at birth. There are significant issues when indexing cardiac parameters for body size in the neonatal period. The aims of this study were to determine to what extent cardiac geometry is dependent on body size in term and preterm neonates with restricted or excessive fetal growth and how this is affected by adiposity. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of neonates born between 31 and 42 weeks of gestation, divided into three groups: (1) small-for-gestational age (SGA, birth weight > 2 SD below the mean); (2) large-for-gestational age (LGA, birth weight > 2 SD above the mean); and (3) appropriate-for-gestational-age controls (AGA, birth weight ≤ 2 SD from the mean). Cardiac geometry and function were compared between the study groups, adjusting for body size. The potential impact of infant adiposity and maternal disease was assessed. RESULTS: In total, 174 neonates were included, of which 39 were SGA, 45 were LGA and 90 were AGA. Body size was reflected in cardiac dimensions, with differences in cardiac dimensions disappearing between the SGA and AGA groups when indexed for body surface area (BSA) or thoracic circumference. The same was true for the differences in atrial and ventricular areas between the LGA and AGA groups. However, left ventricular inflow and outflow tract dimensions did not follow this trend as, when indexed for BSA, they were associated negatively with adiposity, resulting in diminished dimensions in LGA compared with AGA and SGA neonates. Adiposity was associated positively with left ventricular mass, right ventricular length and area and right atrial area. The SGA group showed increased right ventricular fractional area change, possibly reflecting differences in the systolic function of the right ventricle. We found evidence of altered diastolic function between the groups, with the mitral valve inflow E- to lateral E'-wave peak velocity ratio being increased in the LGA group and decreased in the SGA group. CONCLUSIONS: Cardiac geometry is explained by body size in both term and preterm AGA and SGA infants. However, the nature of the relationship between body size and cardiac dimensions may be influenced by adiposity in LGA infants, leading to underestimation of left ventricular inflow and outflow tract dimensions when adjusted for BSA. Adjustments for thoracic circumference provide similar results to those for BSA. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Pregnancy complications in women with heart disease.; OBJECTIVE: To identify pregnancy complications of women with heart disease delivering at a university hospital. METHODS: A retrospective study was carried out of 193 pregnant women with heart disease delivered at a university hospital between January 1997 and December 2006. RESULTS: Rheumatic heart disease (RHD), congenital heart disease (CHD), arrhythmia and cardiomyopathy were observed in 133 (68.9%), 26 (13.5%), 32 (16.6%) and 2 (1%) cases, respectively. Obstetric complication was found in 27 (14%) cases that was composed of preterm delivery (11.4%), gestational diabetes (1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (1%) and postpartum hemorrhage (0.5%). Cardiac complication was observed in 24 (12.4%) cases. Congestive heart failure was the most common cardiac complication which observed in 11 (5.7%) cases. There were four (2.1 %) maternal deaths, three cases in CHD group and one case in RHD group. Preterm infant was observed in 22 (11.4%) cases. Thirteen percent had low birth weight and 8.3% were small for gestational age. There were no perinatal deaths or congenital anomalies. CONCLUSION: Form this study, RHD with pregnancy is still predominant. The most common obstetric complication was preterm delivery. The most common cardiac complication was congestive heart failure.
Adult Consequences of Extremely Preterm Birth: Cardiovascular and Metabolic Diseases Risk Factors, Mechanisms, and Prevention Avenues.; Extremely preterm babies are exposed to various sources of injury during critical stages of development. The extremely preterm infant faces premature transition to ex utero physiology and undergoes adaptive mechanisms that may be deleterious in the long term because of permanent alterations in organ structure and function. Perinatal events can also directly cause structural injury. These disturbances induce morphologic and functional changes in their organ systems that might heighten their risks for later adult chronic diseases. This review examines the pathophysiology of programming of long-term health and diseases after preterm birth and associated perinatal risk factors.
Predictors of pre-eclampsia in women at high risk. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Network of Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units.; OBJECTIVE: We assessed several variables as predictors for pre-eclampsia risk in a group of women at high risk. STUDY DESIGN: We studied 2503 women with either diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, multifetal gestation, or pre-eclampsia in a previous pregnancy who participated in a multicenter study comparing aspirin and placebo in preventing pre-eclampsia. We evaluated multiple variables for predicting pre-eclampsia risk with use of univariate and multivariable analysis. RESULTS: Parity and mean arterial pressure at randomization were most predictive of pre-eclampsia risk. The risk was 8% with a mean arterial pressure at enrollment of <75 mm Hg versus 27% with a mean arterial pressure >85 mm Hg (relative risk and 95% confidence interval 3.3 [2.4 to 4.4]). The risk of pre-eclampsia was 26% in nulliparous patients versus 17% in parous subjects (relative risk and 95% confidence interval 1.5 [1.3-1.8]). CONCLUSIONS: The finding that second-trimester mean arterial pressure affects pre-eclampsia risk suggests that the pathophysiologic process of preeclampsia is initiated before that time.
Prenatal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus as an independent risk factor for long-term neuropsychiatric morbidity of the offspring.; BACKGROUND: The reported rates of gestational diabetes mellitus are constantly escalating and little is known about long-term complications in the offspring. Evidence from the field of epigenetics strongly advocates the need for research on the neuropsychiatric complications in offspring prenatally exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus. OBJECTIVE: We sought to assess whether in utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of long-term neuropsychiatric morbidity in the offspring. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort study compared the incidence of hospitalizations due to neuropsychiatric disease between singletons exposed and unexposed to gestational diabetes mellitus. Deliveries occurred in the years 1991 through 2014 in a regional tertiary medical center. Perinatal deaths, multiple gestations, mothers with pregestational diabetes or lack of prenatal care, and children with congenital malformations were excluded from the study. A multivariate generalized estimating equation logistic regression model analysis was used to control for confounders and for maternal clusters. RESULTS: During the study period 231,271 deliveries met the inclusion criteria; 5.4% of the births were to mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12,642), of these 4.3% had gestational diabetes type A1 (n = 10,076) and 1.1% had gestational diabetes type A2 (n = 2566). During the follow-up period, a significant linear association was noted between the severity of the gestational diabetes (no gestational diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus A1, gestational diabetes mellitus A2) and neuropsychiatric disease of the offspring (1.02% vs 1.36% vs 1.68%, respectively, P < .001). A Kaplan-Meier curve demonstrated that children born to women with gestational diabetes mellitus had higher cumulative incidence of neuropsychiatric morbidity. Using a generalized estimating equation multivariable logistic regression model, controlling for time-to-event, maternal age, gestational age at delivery, maternal obesity, maternal preeclampsia and fertility treatments, maternal gestational diabetes mellitus was found to be an independent risk factor for long-term neuropsychiatric disease of the offspring (gestational diabetes mellitus A1 [adjusted odds ratio, 1.83; 95% confidence interval, 1.53-2.19] and gestational diabetes mellitus A2 [adjusted odds ratio, 1.64; 95% confidence interval, 1.18-2.27]). Within the limits of our database, our findings also point to a possible association between in utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus and autistic spectrum disorder of the offspring (adjusted odds ratio, 4.44; 95% confidence interval, 1.55-12.69), which was found significant also after controlling for time-to-event, maternal age, gestational age at delivery, and offspring weight at birth. CONCLUSION: Exposure to maternal gestational diabetes mellitus is an independent risk factor for long-term neuropsychiatric morbidity in the offspring.
The association of elevated maternal genetic risk scores for hypertension, type 2 diabetes and obesity and having a child with a congenital heart defect.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hypertension, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity are associated with an increased risk of having offspring with conotruncal heart defects (CTDs). Prior studies have identified sets of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that are associated with risk for each of these three adult phenotypes. We hypothesized that these same SNPs are associated with maternal risk of CTDs in offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: We evaluated the parents of children with a CTD ascertained from the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (n = 466) and by the Pediatric Cardiac Genomic Consortium (n = 255). We used a family-based design to assess the association between CTDs and the maternal genotype for individual hypertension, T2D, and obesity-related SNPs and found no association between CTDs and the maternal genotype for any individual SNP. In addition, we calculated genetic risk scores (GRS) for hypertension, T2D, and obesity using previously published GRS formulas. When comparing the GRS of mothers to fathers, there were no statistically significant differences in the mean for the combined GRS or the GRS for each individual condition. However, when we categorized the mothers and fathers of cases with CTDs as having high (>95th percentile) or low (≤95th percentile) scores, compared to fathers, mothers had almost two times the odds of having a high GRS for hypertension (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.0, 2.8) and T2D (OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.1, 3.1). CONCLUSIONS: Our results support a link between maternal genetic risk for hypertension/T2D and CTDs in their offspring. These associations might be independent of maternal phenotype at conception.
[Pregnancy in women with diabetes mellitus type I: maternal and perinatal complications, in spite of good blood glucose control].; OBJECTIVE: To examine the maternal and neonatal outcome of pregnancies of women with type I diabetes mellitus. DESIGN: Retrospective. METHODS: The medical records of pregnancies (> or = 16 weeks) in women with type I diabetes mellitus between 1986/'97 were studied in University Medical Center Utrecht, Academic Hospital Groningen and Isala Clinics, location 'De Weezenlanden', Zwolle, the Netherlands. RESULTS: During the study period, 172 women had 220 pregnancies: 212 single and 8 twin pregnancies. The mean age was 29.1 years (SD: 4.1), the mean duration of standing of the diabetes was 12 years (range: 1-32) and the mean concentration of glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) was 6.3% at 10 weeks of pregnancy. The incidence of children with congenital malformations was 4 times higher (n = 19; 9.0%) than that in the Dutch population (2%). Macrosomia occurred in 92 children (43.4%) and perinatal mortality in 7 (3.3%). Maternal hypertensive complications occurred in 39 single pregnancies (18.4%), which is 2-3 times more often than in the Dutch population. CONCLUSION: In type I diabetic women maternal complications, perinatal morbidity and mortality are increased, despite near optimal glycaemic control.
Elevated plasma SPARC levels are associated with insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Recent studies suggested that secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC), a novel adipokine, is a key player in the pathology of obesity and type 2 diabetes. We aimed to determine whether concentrations of SPARC were altered in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) controls and to investigate the relationships between SPARC and metabolic parameters in pregnant women. DESIGN/METHODS: Cross-sectional study of 120 pregnant women with GDM and 60 controls with NGT, in a university hospital setting. Plasma levels of SPARC, adiponectin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), insulin and proinsulin were determined by ELISA. RESULTS: GDM women had higher SPARC and lower adiponectin than NGT subjects; no difference was found in FGF21. SPARC levels were the lowest in subjects in the third tertile of insulin sensitivity index (ISIOGTT) and correlated positively with pre-pregnant BMI, insulin and 3 h glucose during 100-g OGTT, HOMA-IR, fasting proinsulin, hsCRP and white blood cells count, and negatively with ISIOGTT, when adjusting for gestational age. Triglyceride (TG), Apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a) correlated with SPARC in partial Pearson correlation. Correlations between SPARC with adiponectin, systolic blood pressure and TG were marginally significant in partial Spearman correlation analysis. In multivariate regression analysis, SPARC was an independent negative indicator of ISIOGTT. CONCLUSIONS: SPARC levels are correlated significantly with inflammation and may also be correlated with dyslipidemia and represent an independent determinant of insulin resistance in late pregnancy, indicating a potential role of SPARC in the pathophysiology of GDM.
Independent relation of maternal prenatal factors to early childhood obesity in the offspring.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the independent contribution of risk factors developing during pregnancy to subsequent risk of obesity in young children. METHODS: We conducted a historical cohort study using data from electronic medical records of mothers and their 3,302 singleton offspring born between 2004 and 2007 at a community-based obstetric facility who attended a 4-year well visit at a pediatric practice network. The child's body mass index (BMI) z score at age 4 years was studied in relation to the mother's gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension or preeclampsia, and prenatal tobacco use. Institute of Medicine categories defined excess and inadequate gestational weight gain at term. Analysis of variance and multiple linear regression were used to test their independent relation to BMI. RESULTS: Mothers were white (39%), African American (46%), and of Hispanic ethnicity (11%); 46% were privately insured. The association of net gestational weight gain with the child's BMI z score was significant after adjustment for prepregnancy maternal factors (P<.001); gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, and tobacco use were not significant in adjusted models. Children of mothers with excess gestational weight gain had a higher mean BMI z score (P<.001) but a significant association was observed only for inadequate gestational weight gain after adjusting for prepregnancy BMI and other covariates. Prepregnancy BMI (P<.001), Hispanic ethnicity (P<.001), and being married (P<.05) were independently associated with increasing BMI z score of the offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Preconception maternal factors had a greater influence on child obesity than prenatal factors. The gestational weight gain category was independently related to BMI z score of 4 year olds, but this association was significant only for mothers with inadequate gestational weight gain. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Risks of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia over the last decade in a cohort of Alberta women.; OBJECTIVES: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing. However, less is known about the incidence of preeclampsia (PE) and whether it is affected by the presence of GDM. We sought to document the population-level incidence of GDM and PE during the last decade and examine the association between GDM and PE after accounting for established risk factors. METHODS: We selected a population-based cohort retrospectively using data from the Alberta Perinatal Health Program registry. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between GDM and PE after adjusting for baseline characteristics. RESULTS: Of 426 296 deliveries between 2000 and 2009, 422 672 were in women without pre-existing diabetes. Among these women, the incidence of GDM increased from 3.1% in 2000 to 4.6% in 2009 (P < 0.01), while the incidence of PE remained stable at approximately 1.3% per year. The incidence of PE was significantly higher in women with GDM than in those without GDM (2.6% vs. 1.2%; P < 0.01). After adjustment, women with GDM had a 90% higher risk of PE than those without GDM (OR 1.9; 95% CI 1.7 to 2.1). Other significant risk factors for PE were age, obesity, nulliparity, multifetal gestation, pre-existing hypertension, and chronic kidney disease. CONCLUSION: In this contemporary population-based study spanning 10 years, there was a significant increase in the incidence of GDM over time. The higher incidence of PE in women with GDM than in normoglycemic women suggests a need for heightened surveillance and monitoring of women with GDM for the development of PE.
Iron deficiency of liver, heart, and brain in newborn infants of diabetic mothers.; Infants of diabetic mothers frequently have polycythemia, elevated serum erythropoietin concentrations, and decreased serum iron and ferritin concentrations, likely representing a redistribution of fetal iron into erythrocytes to support augmented fetal hemoglobin synthesis. We hypothesized that fetal liver, heart, and brain iron concentrations are also reduced in these infants. After obtaining autopsy tissue from infants who had died before 7 days of age, we measured liver, heart, and brain iron concentrations using atomic absorption spectrophotometry. Seven infants of diabetic mothers and seven gestational age-matched control infants were studied. All infants of diabetic mothers had pancreatic islet cell hyperplasia, indicating fetal hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. Liver iron concentrations in the infants of diabetic mothers were 6.6% of control values (489.0 +/- 154.4 vs 7379.7 +/- 1473.8 micrograms/gm dry tissue weight (mean +/- SEM); p less than 0.001), heart iron concentrations were 43.9% of control values (124.7 +/- 20.5 vs 284.1 +/- 34.8 micrograms/gm dry tissue weight; p less than 0.002), and brain iron concentrations were 60.6% of control values (106.1 +/- 13.7 vs 175.2 +/- 10.7 micrograms/gm dry tissue weight; p less than 0.003). Heart and brain iron concentrations were directly correlated with liver iron concentrations (r = 0.80 for both; p less than 0.001) and indicated that hepatic iron was greater than 75% depleted before heart and brain iron reduction. We conclude that severely affected infants of diabetic mothers have reduced liver, heart, and brain iron concentrations. The role of tissue iron deficiency in the genesis of the abnormal clinical findings in these infants deserves further consideration.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in twin pregnancies is not associated with adverse perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal and neonatal outcomes in twin pregnancies. METHODS: A retrospective population-based study was conducted, comparing maternal and neonatal outcome in women carrying twins with and without GDM. Deliveries occurred in a tertiary medical center between the years 1988 and 2010. Multivariable analysis was used to control for confounders. RESULTS: The study population included 4,428 twin pregnancies, of these 341 (7.7 %) were complicated with GDM. Twin pregnancies complicated with GDM had higher rates of fertility treatment, chronic hypertension, preeclampsia and cesarean deliveries (CD). Nevertheless, using a multivariable analysis, with CD as the outcome variable, controlling for confounders such as maternal age, fertility treatments and hypertensive disorders, GDM in twins was not found to be an independent risk factor for CD (adjusted OR = 1.8, 95 % CI 0.9-1.4; P = 0.18). Rates of low 5 min Apgar scores (<7) and perinatal mortality were lower among twins with GDM (2.9 % vs. 5.3 %, OR = 0.5, 95 % CI 0.3-0.8 0; P = 0.005 and 2.3 % vs. 4.4 %, OR = 0.5, 95 % CI 0.3-0.8; P = 0.005, respectively). CONCLUSION: In our population, GDM in twin pregnancies was not associated with increased rates of adverse perinatal outcomes. In addition, GDM was not found to be an independent risk factor for CD in twin pregnancies.
Periconceptional and First Trimester Ultraprocessed Food Intake and Maternal Cardiometabolic Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: Ultraprocessed foods (UPFs) have been linked with obesity and cardiometabolic diseases in the general population but are understudied in pregnancy. We examined associations of UPF intake with gestational weight gain (GWG), glycemic, and blood pressure outcomes in pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Pregnant women (n = 1,948) in a prospective U.S. cohort self-reported the past 3-month diet using a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) at 8-13 weeks of gestation. The intake quantity (g/day) of foods and beverages identified as UPFs was ranked into quartiles. Associations of UPFs were evaluated, after adjusting for confounders, with 2nd and 3rd trimester Institute of Medicine (IOM) GWG categories, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (GHTN). Secondary outcomes included GWG rate, glucose challenge test 1-h glucose, and blood pressure trajectories from linear mixed models. RESULTS: A total of 492 (25.2%) and 699 women (35.9%) had 2nd and 3rd trimester excessive GWG, respectively, and 85 women (4.4%) had GDM and 63 (3.2%) had severe hypertension or preeclampsia. UPF intake was not associated with higher odds of excessive GWG (quartile 4 vs. 1: adjusted odds ratio 0.68 [95% CI 0.44, 1.05], P-trend = 0.10 for 2nd trimester) or GDM risk (quartile 4 vs. 1: adjusted risk ratio 0.99 [95% CI 0.46, 2.11], P-trend = 0.85). Although UPF intake was positively associated with minor differences blood pressure trajectories, associations with GHTN were null. CONCLUSIONS: The expected unfavorable association of higher UPF intake with excessive GWG, GDM, and GHTN was not observed in our cohort of low-risk pregnant women. These results are based on a limited sample size and require replication.
Intestinal obstruction caused by infarcted splenic hemangioma with renal vein thrombosis in a newborn: a case report.; The spleen in newborns, infants, and children is rarely involved in a variety of pathological processes. These processes may involve an isolated splenic disease or may be a part of a systemic illness. Renal vein thrombosis in infants of diabetic mothers has been reported. We report a case of a newborn with intestinal obstruction caused by an infarcted splenic hemangioma and renal vein thrombosis. To the best of our knowledge, this is the youngest case with both above-mentioned diagnoses and causes of intestinal obstruction in the English medical literature.
Significance of umbilical and uterine artery velocimetry in the well-controlled pregnant diabetic.; The measurement of umbilical and uterine artery velocity waveforms was used to study pregnancies complicated by diabetes. Continuous wave Doppler velocimetry was used to identify the umbilical and uterine artery velocity waveforms. A systolic:end diastolic ratio (S:D ratio) was calculated to analyze the obtained velocity waveforms. We treated 33 tightly controlled and monitored diabetic gravidas. The mean blood sugar value for this population was 95 +/- 8 mg/dL, and the mean umbilical artery S:D ratio was 2.5 +/- 0.3. That group of patients was compared to a group on which we reported previously. Statistically significant differences were found between the well-controlled and poorly controlled populations in third-trimester S:D ratios, number of stillbirths and neonatal morbidity. Uterine artery velocimetry allowed the identification of a patient who developed preeclampsia. This study seems to have indicated that umbilical and uterine artery velocimetry may have an adjunctive role in the surveillance of pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
Placental maternal vascular malperfusion and adverse pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) lesions represent hypoxic-ischemic damage to the placenta, and they are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk for pregnancy complications, so we set out to characterize the prevalence and clinical correlates of MVM lesions in this cohort. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of 1187/1374 (86.4%) women with GDM delivered between 2009 and 2012 who had placental pathology available. Placental lesions of all types were tabulated and grouped into constructs of related entities. MVM lesions specifically included villous infarcts, decidual vasculopathy, increased syncytial knots, perivillous fibrin, and fibrin deposition. We compared maternal characteristics between women with and without MVM lesions, and we also assessed the impact of these lesions on birth weight, preterm birth, and pre-eclampsia using multivariable logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: MVM lesions were the most common placental lesion type in women with GDM (n = 362, 30.5%). Excess gestational weight gain was independently associated with MVM lesions (aOR 1.42, 95% CI 1.06-1.91, p = 0.02) after adjusting for maternal characteristics. MVM lesions were associated with lower birth weight (-90.3 g, 95% CI -148.0 to -32.7, p = 0.002), as well as a 2-fold increased risk for delivery of a small for gestational age infant (10.8 vs 5.9%, p = 0.01) in overweight and obese women. MVM lesions were also associated with increased risk for preterm birth <34 weeks (adjusted OR 2.36, 95% CI 1.31-4.23, p = 0.004) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; adjusted OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13-2.22, p = 0.02). DISCUSSION: Placental maternal vascular malperfusion lesions may be one pathway linking excess gestational weight gain to adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM, and future studies are needed to identify metabolic factors that may explain this association.
Effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring's myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age.; PURPOSE: Scientific evidence on the long-term impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring's myocardial relaxation is scarce. Studies have linked GDM with transient ventricular hypertrophy in newborns resulting in diastolic dysfunction, but long-term assessment is lacking. The main objective of this study was to evaluate myocardial relaxation in 3-year-old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. METHODS: We prospectively assessed myocardial relaxation by echocardiography imaging on 106 children at 3 years of age. Subjects were divided into 3 groups [GDM, insulin resistance (IR) and normoglycemic (CTRL)], based on their mother's 75g-OGTT and HOMA-IR results at second trimester screening. We collected information on children adiposity and body size, maternal characteristics and maternal and cord blood measurement of C-peptide and insulin. RESULTS: The study population comprised 29 children from GDM mothers, 36 children from IR mothers and 41 CTRL children. Compared to the CTRL group, we found that a higher proportion of children in the IR group and the GDM group met the criteria for impaired myocardial relaxation, but this did not reach statistical significance (odds ratio adjusted for heart rate and body surface area of 1.4 [0.2-9.5] and 3.5 [0.6-20.6], respectively). CONCLUSION: We did not detect an increased risk of impaired myocardial relaxation at three years of age in children exposed in-utero to IR and GDM, compared to children from normoglycemic mothers.
A critical review: early life nutrition and prenatal programming for adult disease.; AIM AND OBJECTIVE: To present the evidence in relation to early life nutrition and foetal programming for adult disease. BACKGROUND: Epigenetics is a new and growing area of study investigating the impact of the intrauterine environment on the lifelong health of individuals. DESIGN: Discursive paper. METHOD: Searches were conducted in a range of electronic health databases. Hand searches located additional articles for review. Maternal search terms included: pregnancy; nutrition; diet; obesity; over nutrition; under nutrition. Offspring related search terms included: macrosomia; intrauterine growth restriction; epigenetics; foetal programming; childhood obesity; adolescent obesity; adolescent type 2 diabetes. DISCUSSION: Results indicate that foetal programming for adult disease occurs in response to particular insults during vulnerable developmental periods. Four main areas of foetal exposure were identified in this review: (1) under nutrition; (2) over nutrition; (3) gestational diabetes mellitus; and (4) infant catch-up growth. Numerous studies also described the trans-generational nature of foetal programming. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, foetal exposure to excess or insufficient nutrition during vulnerable developmental periods appears to result in a lifelong predisposition to obesity and adult disease, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiac disease. For the infant who has been undernourished during early life, a predisposition to renal disease also occurs. RELEVANCE TO CLINICAL PRACTICE: Pregnancy is a time when women are engaged in health systems and are receptive to health messages. These factors suggest that pregnancy may be an optimal time for dietary education and intervention. There is a particular need for education on healthy diet and for interventions which aim to limit over consumption of calories.
The impact of ethnicity on glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome following gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: We assessed the impact of ethnic origin on metabolism in women following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Glucose regulation and other features of the metabolic syndrome were studied at 20.0 (18.2-22.1) months (geometric mean [95% CI]) post-partum in women with previous GDM (185 European, 103 Asian-Indian, 80 African-Caribbean). They were compared with the same features in 482 normal control subjects who had normal glucose regulation during and following pregnancy. RESULTS: Impaired glucose regulation or diabetes by WHO criteria were present in 37% of women with previous GDM (diabetes in 17%), especially in those of African-Caribbean and Asian-Indian origin (50 and 44%, respectively vs 28% in European, p=0.009). BMI, waist circumference, diastolic blood pressure, fasting triglyceride and insulin levels, and insulin resistance by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), were increased following GDM (p<0.001 for all, vs control subjects). Where glucose regulation was normal following GDM, basal insulin secretion (by HOMA) was high (p<0.001 vs control subjects). Irrespective of glucose regulation in pregnancy, Asian-Indian origin was associated with high triglyceride and low HDL cholesterol levels, and African-Caribbean with increased waist circumference, blood pressure, and insulin levels, together with insulin resistance and low triglyceride concentrations. Nonetheless, the GDM-associated features were consistent within each ethnic group. The metabolic syndrome by International Diabetes Federation criteria was present in 37% of women with previous GDM, especially in non-Europeans (Asian-Indian 49%, African-Caribbean 43%, European 28%, p=0.001), and in 10% of controls. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Following GDM, abnormal glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome are common, especially in non-European women, indicating a need for diabetes and cardiovascular disease prevention strategies.
Spiral artery lesions in relation to metabolic control in diabetes mellitus.; Decidual and intramyometrial spiral arteries from 18 insulin-dependent diabetic and 18 non-diabetic women were compared histologically. All women were normotensive and none had signs of pre-eclampsia. None of the infants in either group had intra-uterine growth retardation. Metabolic control in the diabetic women was assessed by pregnancy glucose level from the last trimester of pregnancy and by C-peptide in amniotic fluid and cord blood as a measure of the fetal beta-cell function. The intramyometrial and decidual parts of the spiral artery were normal in the non-diabetic group. None of the diabetic patients showed pathological changes in the intramyometrial part of the spiral artery. Two of the 18 diabetic patients had pathological changes (intramural fibrosis) in the decidual portion of the spiral artery. These two women had signs of diabetic angiopathy (White's class D and F) and in one of them, the background diabetic retinopathy progressed markedly during pregnancy. The pregnancy glucose level was above normal (greater than 6.2 mM/l) in 3 of 18 diabetics. The C-peptide values in amniotic fluid and cord blood were above normal in 11 of 17 and in 5 of 17, respectively. Both patients with spiral artery lesions had pregnancy glucose levels in the upper range, 5.86 and 5.98 mM/l, respectively and the highest value of C-peptide in the amniotic fluid and cord blood, suggesting exaggerated fetal beta-cell function.
Insulin resistance syndrome in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) and the risk factors for developing IRS among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared with controls over 11 postdelivery years. Assessments of 106 women with a prior history of GDM and 101 controls were done on six occasions from 4-11 yr after delivery. Tests included glucose, insulin, lipids, blood pressure, and body measurements. The risk of IRS was analyzed by Cox regression. The results were that 27.2% of GDM and 8.2% of controls developed IRS by 11 yr after delivery. The hazard of developing IRS was 5.6 times (95% confidence interval = 2.6-12.3) among women with prepregnant obesity (body mass index >27.3 kg/m(2)), compared with women without prepregnant obesity and 4.4 times (95% confidence interval = 1.7-11.1) in women with a history of GDM, compared with controls. At 11 yr after delivery, the cumulative hazard for developing IRS in the next 2 yr was 26 times higher among GDM with prepregnant obesity, compared with controls without prepregnant obesity. We concluded that obesity and GDM in a prior pregnancy are significant risk factors for developing IRS over time. Early detection of markers of IRS is vital for possible prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular adverse events in women.
[Doppler evaluation of blood flow in the umbilical artery when confronted with morphologic changes in human placenta of pregnancy complicated by diabetes].; Doppler ultrasound velocimetry in umbilical artery was performed in 23 pregnant women in different classes of the diabetes. Results obtained were compared with the afterbirths' morphology. Strict correlation was found between arteries obliteration in the placenta and vascular resistance in higher classes of the diabetes. Normal structure of the villi with signs of their morphological maturity has basic influence on proper umbilical artery flow maintenance.
Increased expression of microRNA-15a and microRNA-15b in skeletal muscle from adult offspring of women with diabetes in pregnancy.; Offspring of women with diabetes in pregnancy exhibit skeletal muscle insulin resistance and are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, potentially mediated by epigenetic mechanisms or changes in the expression of small non-coding microRNAs. Members of the miR-15 family can alter the expression or function of important proteins in the insulin signalling pathway, affecting insulin sensitivity and secretion. We hypothesized that exposure to maternal diabetes may cause altered expression of these microRNAs in offspring skeletal muscle, representing a potential underlying mechanism by which exposure to maternal diabetes leads to increased risk of cardiometabolic disease in offspring. We measured microRNA expression in skeletal muscle biopsies of 26- to 35-year-old offspring of women with either gestational diabetes (O-GDM, n = 82) or type 1 diabetes (O-T1DM, n = 67) in pregnancy, compared with a control group of offspring from the background population (O-BP, n = 57) from an observational follow-up study. Expression of both miR-15a and miR-15b was increased in skeletal muscle obtained from O-GDM (both P < 0.001) and O-T1DM (P = 0.024, P = 0.005, respectively) compared with O-BP. Maternal 2 h post OGTT glucose levels were positively associated with miR-15a expression (P = 0.041) in O-GDM after adjustment for confounders and mediators. In all groups collectively, miRNA expression was significantly positively associated with fasting plasma glucose, 2 h plasma glucose and HbA1c. We conclude that fetal exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with increased skeletal muscle expression of miR-15a and miR-15b and that this may contribute to development of metabolic disease in these subjects.
Pregnancy and complicated diabetes.; Contemporary management of the insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic is associated with perinatal outcome little different from that in the non-diabetic. Diabetic microangiopathy and its consequences continue to pose a significant threat to the welfare of the diabetic mother and her baby. Pregnancies thus complicated require specialized care by an experienced team.
Diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.; PURPOSE: The purpose of the study is to evaluate the incidence, prevalence, progression, and risk factors of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy. METHODS: Sixty-five patients who were pregnant and had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus were evaluated before pregnancy, in every trimester during the pregnancy, and 12 months postpartum. The medical data included age, diabetes duration, glycohemoglobin, fructosamine, hemoglobin, creatinine, uric acid, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure. RESULTS: Progression of the retinopathy occurred in 77.5% of the patients who presented with diabetic retinopathy at conception; proliferative diabetic retinopathy occurred in 22.5%. Only 26% of the patients who started the pregnancy without diabetic retinopathy had some progression of the retinopathy. Duration of the diabetes was longer in the progressive group compared with the nonprogressive group (P = 0.007). The glycohemoglobin was higher in the progressive group than in the nonprogressive group at each time point, but only in the third trimester was the difference statistically significant (P = 0.04). The hemoglobin level was lower in the progressive group than in the nonprogressive group (P < 0.01). The systolic blood pressure was higher in the progressive group (P < 0.005). CONCLUSION: Understanding the risk factors contributing to the aggravation of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy is helpful in designing criteria for the team management of pregnant patients with diabetes.
[Rare coincidence of Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, diabetes mellitus and pregnancy].; A report is given about a seldom coincidence of Ehlers-Danlos-Syndrome, diabetes mellitus and pregnancy in a 31 year old patient.--The course of pregnancy was uncomplicated except a cervical insufficiency and a secondary wound healing of the episiotomy. The exact diagnosis of the Ehlers-Danlos-syndrome should be done already before pregnancy.
Exploring the Diet-Gut Microbiota-Epigenetics Crosstalk Relevant to Neonatal Diabetes.; Neonatal diabetes (NDM) is a rare monogenic disorder that presents as hyperglycemia during the first six months of life. The link between early-life gut microbiota dysbiosis and susceptibility to NDM remains uncertain. Experimental studies have demonstrated that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could develop into meconium/gut microbiota dysbiosis in newborns, and thus, it is thought to be a mediator in the pathogenesis of NDM. Epigenetic modifications have been considered as potential mechanisms by which the gut microbiota and susceptibility genes interact with the neonatal immune system. Several epigenome-wide association studies have revealed that GDM is associated with neonatal cord blood and/or placental DNA methylation alterations. However, the mechanisms linking diet in GDM with gut microbiota alterations, which may in turn induce the expression of genes linked to NDM, are yet to be unraveled. Therefore, the focus of this review is to highlight the impacts of diet, gut microbiota, and epigenetic crosstalk on altered gene expression in NDM.
Progressive and selective changes in neurotrophic factor expression and substance p axonal transport induced by perinatal diabetes: protective action of antioxidant treatment.; Diabetes-induced embryo malformations and growth retardation are correlated with a variety of biochemical changes including oxidative stress. In this study, we show that the morphological alterations are correlated with progressive and selective changes of mRNA expression in specific neurotrophic factors. At embryological stage E-17, diabetes affected both embryo growth and NGF mRNA expression, which was reduced by as much as 90 and 56% in target tissues of sensory system such as tongue and intestine, respectively. The reduction in retina and heart was around 50%. Conversely, the mRNA expression of low-affinity neurotrophin receptor p75 was increased. At birth, BDNF mRNA expression was affected with a significant generalized reduction,while in vibrissae we observed a reduction of BDNF and p75 mRNAs and an increase of NGF. At postnatal day 14, pups from diabetic mothers showed reduced muscle levels of IGF-I, while we observed a partial impairment of substance P axonal transport at postnatal day 28. Treatment of diabetic mothers with silybin, a flavonoid with antioxidant properties, prevented most of the changes in neurotrophic factor expression and substance P axonal transport with no effects on hyperglycemia and embryo growth retardation. These results indicate that oxidative stress may influence neurotrophic factor synthesis in target territories during development. In addition, these data suggest that nervous system abnormalities observed in diabetic embryopathy may also derive by insufficient neurotrophic factor biosynthesis involving sequentially NGF in the embryo and BDNF and IGF-I in the early postnatal days. Insulin treatment of diabetic mothers normalized hyperglycemia and body growth, with consequent regular embryonic and postnatal development.
Prostanoid production in the umbilicoplacental arterial tree relative to impaired glucose tolerance.; The purpose of this study was to investigate prostanoid synthesis in different segments of the umbilicoplacental vascular tree and its relationship to impaired maternal glucose tolerance. Segments from the umbilical artery and vein, allantochorionic artery branches, and the cotyledon artery from 21 women with diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance and 10 healthy women were studied. Production of prostacyclin (PGI2) and thromboxane (TxA2) metabolites was determined. The Mann-Whitney U test, Wilcoxon signed-ranks matched-pairs test, Kruskal-Wallis test, analysis of variance, and simple linear regression analysis were used. A two-tailed P value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. From the umbilical artery distal to the cotyledon artery, the PGI2 synthesis decreased and the TxA2 synthesis increased gradually towards the periphery in normal pregnancy. The PGI2/TxA2 ratio was more than 200 times higher in the umbilical artery than in the cotyledon artery. The TxA2 production tended in general to be higher in the diabetic group than in the control group, resulting in significantly lower PGI2/TxA2 ratios in some vessels. The prostanoid production was not significantly correlated to maternal HbA1c or cord C-peptide concentrations. The balance between vascular prostacyclin and thromboxane synthesis in the umbilicoplacental arterial tree changed gradually towards the periphery: the more peripheral, the lower the prostacyclin and the higher the thromboxane production. The physiological role of this phenomenon is unknown, but may be of importance for the equilibration of vascular tone between arteries of different calibers. The altered prostanoid balance found in diabetic pregnancy was not directly attributable to the degree of maternal glycemic control, but may reflect increased free radical activity and peroxide production in diabetes.
Association of ethnicity and socioeconomic status with health outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: Clinical practice research datalink cohort study.; AIMS: To investigate in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), differences by ethnicity and socioeconomic status in the incidence of recurrent GDM, type 2 diabetes (T2D), hypertension, and depression. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study including 10,868 women diagnosed with GDM in the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD GOLD) between January 01, 2000 and November 05, 2018. Linked data were obtained for Hospital Episode Statistics and the Index of Multiple Deprivation. We estimated incidence rates and hazard ratios, by ethnicity and socioeconomic status. RESULTS: During a follow-up of 58,479 person years (mean (SD): 5.38 (3.67) years), the crude incidence was 9.67 (95 % confidence interval: 9.30-10.00) per 100 person years for recurrent GDM, 3.86 (3.70-4.02) for depression, 2.15 (2.03-2.27) for T2D and 0.89 (0.81-0.97) for hypertension. South Asian ethnicity was associated with an increased risk of T2D compared to White (adjusted hazard ratio: 1.65; 1.34-2.05) and Black ethnicity was associated with a greater risk of hypertension (2.93; 1.93-4.46). Black and South Asian ethnicity were associated with a reduced risk of depression compared to White: 0.23 (0.13-0.39) and 0.37 (0.29-0.46), respectively. Incidence rates were higher for all conditions with increasing deprivation level. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of health complications in women with a prior history of GDM differs by ethnicity and socio-economic status, suggesting the opportunity for targeted assessment in the years following pregnancy. These findings may inform future guidelines on screening for health outcomes in women with GDM.
Prevalence of pre-eclampsia, pregnancy hypertension and gestational diabetes in population-based data: impact of different ascertainment methods on outcomes.; This study investigated strategies for ascertaining pre-eclampsia, pregnancy hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus from birth records and/or hospital discharge data. The results showed that ascertaining these conditions from a data set that linked birth records to the corresponding maternal hospital record for birth was sufficient for health outcomes research. Antenatal hospital records provided few extra cases and may be necessary only for the ascertainment when a very accurate estimate of the prevalence is required.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy pre- and postaspirin guideline publication in individuals with pregestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The US Preventive Services Taskforce published guidelines in 2014 recommending that low-dose aspirin be initiated between 12 and 28 weeks of gestation among high-risk patients for preeclampsia prophylaxis. Moreover, low-dose aspirin is recommended by some clinicians for the prevention of preterm birth. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate whether there is an association between the US Preventive Services Taskforce aspirin guideline hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and the rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth in individuals with pregestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: This was a repeated cross-sectional analysis of individuals with pregestational diabetes mellitus and at least 1 singleton delivery at >20 weeks of gestation with records available in the National Vital Statistics System between 2010 and 2018. The primary outcome was hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and the secondary outcome was preterm birth. Demographics and clinical characteristics among individuals in the pre-US Preventive Services Taskforce guideline cohort (2010-2013) were compared with that of individuals in the post-US Preventive Services Taskforce guideline cohort (2015-2018). Multivariable regression estimated the odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for the association between guideline publication and the selected endpoints. Effect modification was assessed for access to prenatal care using the Kotelchuck Index (<80% vs ≥80%). Furthermore, a sensitivity analysis limited to nulliparas was performed. RESULTS: Overall, 224,065 individuals were included. Individuals in the post-US Preventive Services Taskforce guideline cohort were more likely to be older, be obese, and have a history of preterm birth. In unadjusted and adjusted modeling, delivery in the post-US Preventive Services Taskforce guideline cohort was associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.22-1.28) and preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio, 1.10; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-1.12). The adjusted odds ratios for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth were more pronounced among those with less than adequate access to care. The findings were similar in the sensitivity analysis of only nulliparas. CONCLUSION: Delivery after US Preventive Services Taskforce aspirin guideline publication was associated with higher rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth in a population of individuals with diabetes mellitus. It is unknown whether patient or practitioner factors, or other changes in obstetrical care, contributed to these findings.
Evaluation of information retention and adherence to treatment in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus after multidisciplinary group.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the retention of information after participation in multidisciplinary group in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) through a phone contact. METHOD: 122 pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes were included. After diagnosis of gestational diabetes, the patients were referred to the multidisciplinary group where they received medical, nutrition and nursing guidelines related to the disease. After three days these patients received one telephone call from a nurse, who made the same questions regarding the information received. In the statistical analysis, results were presented as absolute and relative frequencies. RESULTS: Most patients 119/122 patients (97.5%) were managing to do self glucose monitoring. Twenty-one patients (17.2%) reported having difficulty performing the blood glucose, especially finger pricking. When questioning whether the woman was following the proposed diet, 24/122 (19.7%) patients said they did not; the meal frequency was not reached by 23/122 (18.9%) of the women, and forty-seven (38.5%) of the women reported having ingested sugar in the days following the guidance in multidisciplinary group. CONCLUSION: Regarding the proposed treatment, there was good adherence of patients, especially in relation to blood glucose monitoring. As for nutritional control, we observed greater difficulty in following the guidelines demonstrating the need for long-term monitoring, as well as further clarification to the patients about the importance of nutrition in diabetes management.
The assessment of fetal brain growth in diabetic pregnancy using in utero magnetic resonance imaging.; AIM: To assess fetal brain growth over the third trimester in pregnant women with diabetes using in utero magnetic resonance imaging (iuMRI) to determine if greater brain growth occurs in type 1 (T1DM) when compared to gestational (GDM) diabetes mellitus. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Each consented participant was scanned at three fixed times during the third trimester using iuMRI. One hundred and fifty-seven patients were approached, 48 participants were recruited, and 36 complete data sets were analysed. Three-dimensional (3D) iuMRI volume data sets were manually segmented using software to construct models of the fetal brain from which brain volumes could be calculated. Inter-rater analysis was performed, and volume differences and growth rates were compared between T1DM and GDM. RESULTS: Recruitment proved difficult with low uptake and high attrition rates (77.1%). Inter-rater analysis revealed excellent correlation (intraclass correlation coefficient=0.93, p<0.001) and agreement with no significant difference between operators (p=0.194). There was no evidence of increased brain volume in the T1DM group. Growth rates between visit 1 and 3 for T1DM and GDM were not significantly different (p=0.095). CONCLUSION: T1DM brain volumes were not significantly larger than GDM volumes and there was no significant divergence of brain growth over the third trimester. Constructing volume models from 3D iuMRI acquisitions is a novel technique that can be used to assess fetal brain growth. No specialist software or knowledge is required. Larger studies attempting to recruit pregnant women in the later stages of pregnancy should employ multicentre recruitment to overcome recruitment difficulties and high attrition rates.
Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus associates with altered gut microbiome composition and head circumference abnormalities in male offspring.; The impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal or infant microbiome trajectory remains poorly understood. Utilizing large-scale longitudinal fecal samples from 264 mother-baby dyads, we present the gut microbiome trajectory of the mothers throughout pregnancy and infants during the first year of life. GDM mothers had a distinct microbiome diversity and composition during the gestation period. GDM leaves fingerprints on the infant's gut microbiome, which are confounded by delivery mode. Further, Clostridium species positively correlate with a larger head circumference at month 12 in male offspring but not females. The gut microbiome of GDM mothers with male fetuses displays depleted gut-brain modules, including acetate synthesis I and degradation and glutamate synthesis II. The gut microbiome of female infants of GDM mothers has higher histamine degradation and dopamine degradation. Together, our integrative analysis indicates that GDM affects maternal and infant gut composition, which is associated with sexually dimorphic infant head growth.
The Efficacy and Safety of Myo-inositol Supplementation for the Prevention of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Overweight and Obese Pregnant Women: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Myo-inositol has emerged as one of the preventive therapies for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus in at-risk populations. This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to determine the efficacy and safety of myo-inositol in decreasing the incidence of gestational diabetes in overweight and obese pregnant women. METHODOLOGY: This meta-analysis was conducted using the standard Cochrane methodology and reported in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) 2020 guidelines. Inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that enrolled overweight and obese pregnant women and used myo-inositol supplementation. The primary outcome was the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-28 weeks. Secondary outcomes included cesarean section rate, the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension, macrosomia and preterm delivery. Risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used for dichotomous data. RESULTS: Six RCTs were included. Compared to standard micronutrient supplementation, standard dose of myo-inositol (4 g) may reduce the incidence of GDM (RR 0.54; CI [0.30, 0.96]; n = 887 women), but the certainty of evidence is low to very low. With low-dose myo-inositol however, evidence is uncertain about its benefit on the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus in overweight and obese women with RR 0.71; CI [0.14, 3.50]. No adverse effects were noted. For the secondary outcomes, standard dose myo-inositol appears to reduce the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension and preterm delivery, but the certainty of evidence is low to very low. CONCLUSION: Current evidence is uncertain on the potential benefit of myo-inositol supplementation in overweight and obese pregnant women. While studies show that 4 g myo-inositol per day may decrease the incidence of GDM, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-term birth with no associated risk of serious adverse events, the certainty of evidence is low to very low. Future high-quality trials may provide more compelling evidence to support practice recommendations.
Therapeutic objectives and their practical achievement in type 2 diabetes.; This paper offers a broad but selective account of the context of type 2 diabetes at the start of the new millennium. It outlines the major long-term threats to health and life of people with type 2 diabetes and indicates that, while their relative impacts may differ, the burden of the specific "microvascular" and the atherosclerotic "macrovascular" complications of diabetes weigh as heavily on people with type 2 as on those with type 1 diabetes. Correction of hyperglycemia still has a leading role among therapeutic objectives in type 2 diabetes, but the concept of the "defence in depth" and the crucial importance of control of arterial pressure and correction of dyslipidemia - the "bad companions" in diabetes - is stressed. Other defences against tissue and organ failure in diabetes are described, highlighting the importance of regular, systematic screening for risk factors and early manifestations of tissue damage. Broader organizational, social and economic factors in diabetes care are touched upon and the need for strong alliances of all concerned parties - care providers, managers, health politicians, and above all informed and motivated people with diabetes themselves - is underlined with reference to the World Health Organization/International Diabetes Federation St. Vincent Declaration Initiative in Europe and its recent 10-year anniversary "Istanbul Commitment" to full implementation of the Declaration.
Increased serum IGF-I during pregnancy is associated with progression of diabetic retinopathy.; The IGF system has been associated with development and progression of diabetic retinopathy. We examined whether a simple measurement of the IGF system (serum total IGF-I) correlated with progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy in type 1 diabetes. A prospective observational study was performed in 103 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. Serum IGF-I was measured in maternal serum from week 14, every fourth week until week 30, and every second week until delivery. Twenty-four-hour blood pressure was measured with a portable oscillometry monitor. The women had visual acuity testing and fundus photography before pregnancy, once in each trimester, and 4 months after birth. Each eye was assigned an overall retinopathy grade on a scale from 1 to 6 independently by two experienced graders. During pregnancy, serum IGF-I increased with increasing gestational age until a plateau was reached in week 32. Progression of retinopathy was significantly associated with a higher level of IGF-I (P < 0.01). Serum IGF-I increased with increasing progression of retinopathy. Change of retinopathy was significantly associated with level of IGF-I (P < 0.01). During pregnancy, serum IGF-I increased with increasing birth weight until a plateau was reached in week 32. Birth weight was significantly associated with a higher level of serum IGF-I (P < 0.01).
Does treatment modality affect measures of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether arterial stiffness (AS) differs between healthy women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) managed by different treatment modalities. METHODS: This was a prospective longitudinal cohort study comparing AS in pregnancies complicated by GDM and low-risk controls. AS was assessed by recording aortic pulse-wave velocity (AoPWV), brachial augmentation index (BrAIx) and aortic augmentation index (AoAIx) using the Arteriograph® at four gestational-age windows: 24 + 0 to 27 + 6 weeks (W1); 28 + 0 to 31 + 6 weeks (W2); 32 + 0 to 35 + 6 weeks (W3) and ≥ 36 + 0 weeks (W4). Women with GDM were considered both as a single group and as subgroups stratified by treatment modality. Data were analyzed using a linear mixed model on each AS variable (log-transformed) with group, gestational-age window, maternal age, ethnicity, parity, body mass index, mean arterial pressure and heart rate as fixed effects and individual as a random effect. We compared the group means including relevant contrasts and adjusted the P-values using Bonferroni correction. RESULTS: The study population comprised 155 low-risk controls and 127 women with GDM, of whom 59 were treated with dietary intervention, 47 were treated with metformin only and 21 were treated with metformin + insulin. The two-way interaction term of study group and gestational age was significant for BrAIx and AoAIx (P < 0.001), but there was no evidence that mean AoPWV was different between the study groups (P = 0.729). Women in the control group demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with the combined GDM group at W1-W3, but not at W4. The mean difference in log-transformed BrAIx was -0.37 (95% CI, -0.52 to -0.22), -0.23 (95% CI, -0.35 to -0.12) and -0.29 (95% CI, -0.40 to -0.18) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. The mean difference in log-transformed AoAIx was -0.49 (95% CI, -0.69 to -0.30), -0.32 (95% CI, -0.47 to -0.18) and -0.38 (95% CI -0.52 to -0.24) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. Similarly, women in the control group also demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with each of the GDM treatment subgroups (diet, metformin only and metformin + insulin) at W1-W3. The increase in mean BrAIx and AoAIx seen between W2 and W3 in women with GDM treated with dietary management was attenuated in the metformin-only and metformin + insulin groups. However, the mean differences in BrAIx and AoAIx between these treatment groups were not statistically significant at any gestational-age window. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies complicated by GDM demonstrate significantly higher AS compared with low-risk pregnancies regardless of treatment modality. Our data provide the basis for further investigation into the association of metformin therapy with changes in AS and risk of placenta-mediated diseases. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired in normotensive pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Data about circadian blood pressure (BP) in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are lacking. Thus, we sought to compare dipper and nondipper circadian variation of BP profile between normotensive women complicated with GDM and normal pregnant women. Forty-two women with GDM and 33 normal uncomplicated pregnant women who met the entry criteria for the study were enrolled in the study. Twenty-four-hour noninvasive ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and echocardiography to measure the left ventricle mass index and diastolic parameters were performed. Nocturnal blood pressure dipping was calculated as follows: (awake BP - sleep BP) × 100/awake BP. Patients with a nocturnal reduction in average daytime systolic BP and diastolic BP of less than 10% were classified as nondippers. Left ventricle mass index was higher in normotensive pregnant women with GDM group than in normal pregnant subjects (101.98 ± 24 g/m(2) vs. 90.67 ± 15 g/m(2), P < .018). Significant nocturnal systolic and diastolic nondippings were observed in GDM groups compared with normal subjects. From diastolic variables, the mitral E velocity and isovolumetric relaxation time were compatible with diastolic dysfunction relaxation abnormalities (P = .003 and P = .015, respectively) in nondipper group. From all confounding factors, only E velocity (P = .002) and diagnosis of GDM (P < .001) were predictive of nondipper circadian variation. This study shows that (i) circadian BP is impaired in normotensive pregnant subjects with GDM, (ii) the left ventricle mass index is higher in pregnant subjects with GDM than in normal pregnant subjects who despite a 24-hour BP are within normal limits, and (iii) in nocturnal nondipper group, the tendency to having diastolic relaxation abnormalities is noted.
Is it time to screen women with history of hypertensive pregnancy disorders for diabetes?; Thach Tran discusses a new research article on whether preeclampsia is associated with future diabetes, and discusses whether women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy should be screened for diabetes.
Analysis of the characteristics of blood lipid metabolism in twin pregnancy.; To investigate the characteristics of blood lipid metabolism in twin pregnancy combined with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). This study retrospectively analyzed 96 cases of twin pregnancy and 232 cases of full-term singleton pregnancy. General data and blood lipid levels, including triglyceride (TG) and total cholesterol (TC), between twin and singleton pregnancies were compared. Blood lipid levels between GDM (PIH) and non-GDM (non-PIH) groups in twin pregnancy were compared. The TG level for twin pregnancy was higher than that for singleton pregnancy (p<0.05), while there was no significant difference in the TC level between them (p>0.05). The TG level in the GDM group was higher than that in the non-GDM group (p<0.05), while the TC level in the GDM group was not different from that in the non-GDM group (p>0.05). The TG level in the PIH group was higher than that in the non-PIH group (p<0.05), while there was no difference in the TC level between them (p>0.05). Logistic regression analysis showed that age was a risk factor for GDM and PIH in singleton and twin pregnancies. The lipid levels in twin pregnancy increased with the increase of gestational age, and the TG level in twin pregnancy complicated with GDM or PIH was higher than that in twin pregnancy without GDM or PIH, indicating that the blood lipid metabolism was related to the occurrence of GDM and PIH in twin pregnancy to some extent.
Effect of maternal diabetes on female offspring.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of maternal diabetes on the blood pressure and kidney function of female offspring, as well as if such changes exacerbate during pregnancy. METHODS: Diabetes mellitus was induced in female rats with the administration of streptozotocin in a single dose, one week before mating. During pregnancy, blood pressure was measured through plethysmography. On the 20th day of pregnancy, the animals were placed for 24 hours in metabolic cages to obtain urine samples. After the animals were removed from the cages, blood samples were withdrawn. One month after pregnancy, new blood and urine sample were collected. Kidney function was evaluated through proteinuria, plasma urea, plasma creatinine, creatinine excretion rate, urinary flow, and creatinine clearance. RESULTS: The female offspring from diabetic mothers showed an increase in blood pressure, and a decrease in glomerular filtration rate in relation to the control group. CONCLUSION: Hyperglycemia during pregnancy was capable of causing an increase in blood pressure and kidney dysfunction in the female offspring.
Absence of increase in carotid artery intima-media thickness in infants of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are considered as a risk group for atherosclerosis. Increased aortic intima-media thickness has been reported in IDM. The purpose of this study was to assess carotid artery intima-media thickness (CA-IMT), left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and atherosclerotic risk factors in IDM. METHODS: Thirty IDM and 25 healthy controls were included in the study. Of these infants, 14 were appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) and 16 were large-for-gestational age (LGA). CA-IMT and LVMI were obtained by M-mode echocardiographic examination. The relationship between parameters of atherosclerosis and echocardiographic measurements was assessed by Pearson's correlation analysis. RESULTS: LVMI was higher in LGA IDM when compared to AGA IDM and controls. CA-IMT was not significantly different between the groups and was also not related to atherosclerotic risk factors. Serum lipid and insulin levels were higher in LGA IDM when compared with AGA IDM and controls. There were no correlations between CA-IMT, LVMI and atherosclerotic risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: In contrast to previous reports indicating an increase in CA-IMT in IDM, no differences were found between IDM and controls in this study. Our results indicate that macrosomic IDM are prone to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy but not to atherosclerotic changes in the blood vessels.
A Novel Early Pregnancy Risk Prediction Model for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Accurate early risk prediction for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) would target intervention and prevention in women at the highest risk. We evaluated novel biomarker predictors to develop a first-trimester risk prediction model in a large multiethnic cohort. METHODS: Maternal clinical, aneuploidy and pre-eclampsia screening markers (PAPP-A, free hCGβ, mean arterial pressure, uterine artery pulsatility index) were measured prospectively at 11-13+6 weeks' gestation in 980 women (248 with GDM; 732 controls). Nonfasting glucose, lipids, adiponectin, leptin, lipocalin-2, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-2 were measured on banked serum. The relationship between marker multiples-of-the-median and GDM was examined with multivariate regression. Model predictive performance for early (< 24 weeks' gestation) and overall GDM diagnosis was evaluated by receiver operating characteristic curves. RESULTS: Glucose, triglycerides, leptin, and lipocalin-2 were higher, while adiponectin was lower, in GDM (p < 0.05). Lipocalin-2 performed best in Caucasians, and triglycerides in South Asians with GDM. Family history of diabetes, previous GDM, South/East Asian ethnicity, parity, BMI, PAPP-A, triglycerides, and lipocalin-2 were significant independent GDM predictors (all p < 0.01), achieving an area under the curve of 0.91 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.89-0.94) overall, and 0.93 (95% CI 0.89-0.96) for early GDM, in a combined multivariate prediction model. CONCLUSIONS: A first-trimester risk prediction model, which incorporates novel maternal lipid markers, accurately identifies women at high risk of GDM, including early GDM.
Cord blood leptin levels in normal pregnancies, pregnancy induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare cord blood leptin concentrations between normal pregnancy, pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Academic institutes and a tertiary care maternal hospital. METHOD: 48 newborns of normal pregnancies (N=18), pregnancy induced hypertension (N=16), and gestational diabetes mellitus (N=14) were studied. Cord blood samples were collected and newborn anthropometric indices recorded at delivery. Leptin concentrations were measured using an enzyme immunoassay. RESULTS: Cord blood leptin levels were significantly different between the 3 groups (Kruskal-Wallis ANOVA; P=0.0064), and the difference resulted mainly from higher levels in GDM than in PIH [geometric mean (95% CI) for GDM: 10.89 (6.30, 18.84) vs PIH: 3.49 (2.14, 5.69) ng/ml (Dunn's multiple comparison: P<0.01). This pattern persisted even when leptin levels were normalized to the ponderal index (Kruskal-Wallis ANOVA P=0.0035; Dunn's multiple comparison: P<0.01). Leptin levels significantly and positively correlated with the ponderal index in normal pregnancy (Spearman r=0.506, p<0.05) and with birth weight in PIH (r=0.5463, p<0.05). CONCLUSION: In GDM cord blood leptin levels are significantly higher, and a source other than fetal adipocytes appears to contribute to this.
Maternal obesity in females born small: Pregnancy complications and offspring disease risk.; Obesity is a major public health crisis, with 1.6 billion adults worldwide being classified as overweight or obese in 2014. Therefore, it is not surprising that the number of women who are overweight or obese at the time of conception is increasing. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis proposes that perturbations during critical stages of development can result in adverse fetal changes that leads to an increased risk of developing diseases in adulthood. Of particular concern, children born to obese mothers are at a greater risk of developing cardiometabolic disease. One subset of the population who are predisposed to developing obesity are children born small for gestational age, which occurs in 10% of pregnancies worldwide. Epidemiological studies report that these growth-restricted children have an increased susceptibility to type 2 diabetes, obesity, and hypertension. Importantly during pregnancy, growth-restricted females have a higher risk of developing cardiometabolic disease, indicating that they may have an exacerbated phenotype if they are also overweight or obese. Thus, the development of early pregnancy interventions targeted to obese mothers may prevent their children from developing cardiometabolic disease in adulthood.
Inhibition of fatty acid binding protein 4 attenuates gestational diabetes mellitus.; Accumulatig evidence demonstrated that inflammation is associated with the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) was reported to be involved in immune response. However, the effect of FABP4 in GDM remians unclear. This study focused on the effect of FABP4 in GDM. C57BL/KsJdb/+ (db/+) mice were used for GDM mouse model . BMS-309403 (BMS) was used to inhibit FABP4 levels in GDM mouse model. IL-6 and TNF-α concentrations in serum were determined via ELISA. Serum glucose and insulin concentrations were tested using commercial glucometer and mouse insulin ELISA kit, respectively. IL-6 and TNF-α mRNA and protein levels were detected using RT-PCR and western blot, respectively. FABP4 levels were upregulated in GDM group compared with control group and were positively associated with serum IL-6 and TNF-α levels. FABP4 inhibition by BMS significantly decreased body weight and serum glucose concentrations, increasd serum insulin concentration, suppressed IL-6 and TNF-α expression both in the serum and the pancreas, enhanced little size and inhibited birth weight in GDM mouse model. Inhibition of FABP4 attenuates GDM in genetic mice.
Pathogenesis of Pregnancy-Related Complications 1.0 and 2.0.; These Special Issue IJMS were dedicated to the major complications responsible for maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality, such as gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), fetal growth restriction (FGR), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, and chronic venous disease [...].
Clinical profile of diabetes in the young seen between 1992 and 2009 at a specialist diabetes centre in south India.; AIM: To describe the trends and clinical profile of young diabetic patients (YD) attending a tertiary diabetes centre in south India. METHODS: We reviewed medical records of 2630 YD patients (age at onset ≤25 years) registered between 1992 and 2009. Patients were classified as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other types. Retinopathy was assessed initially by direct and indirect ophthalmoscopy and later by retinal photography, nephropathy if urine protein excretion was >500 mg/day, neuropathy if vibration perception threshold on biothesiometry was ≥20 V. RESULTS: The percentage of YD patients rose from 0.55% in 1992 to 2.5% in 2009 (trend chi square, 15.1, p<0.001). Of the 2630 YD subjects registered, 1135 (43.2%) had T1DM, 1262 (48.0%) had T2DM, 118 (4.5%) had GDM and 115 (4.4%) other types. T1DM patients were younger, had lower body mass index, waist circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, and less family history of diabetes compared to T2DM (p<0.001 for each). Retinopathy was seen in 71.9% and 77.3% nephropathy in 22.1% and 12.1% and neuropathy in 34.5% and 21.4% of T2DM and T1DM respectively in those with ≥15 years duration of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: The percentage of YD in south India is increasing, predominantly due to early onset T2DM.
Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Future Heart Disease.; Heart disease is the leading cause of mortality in adult women. Beyond the traditional risk factors of obesity, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, women with the pregnancy complications of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, prematurity, and low birth weight for gestational age (fetal growth restriction) are at higher risk for later development of cardiovascular disease. Education of women and providers about the association of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease should begin in the postpartum period. Postpartum cardiovascular risk screening and lifestyle modifications should be considered standard of care and are essential to improving cardiac health as a preventive strategy.
Metabolic signatures in the conversion from gestational diabetes mellitus to postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism: a pilot study in Asian women.; We aimed to identify serum metabolites related to abnormal glucose metabolism (AGM) among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The study recruited 50 women diagnosed with GDM during mid-late pregnancy and 50 non-GDM matchees in a Singapore birth cohort. At the 5-year post-partum follow-up, we applied an untargeted approach to investigate the profiles of serum metabolites among all participants. We first employed OPLS-DA and logistic regression to discriminate women with and without follow-up AGM, and then applied area under the curve (AUC) to assess the incremental indicative value of metabolic signatures on AGM. We identified 23 candidate metabolites that were associated with postpartum AGM among all participants. We then narrowed down to five metabolites [p-cresol sulfate, linoleic acid, glycocholic acid, lysoPC(16:1) and lysoPC(20:3)] specifically associating with both GDM and postpartum AGM. The combined metabolites in addition to traditional risks showed a higher indicative value in AUC (0.92-0.94 vs. 0.74 of traditional risks and 0.77 of baseline diagnostic biomarkers) and R(2) (0.67-0.70 vs. 0.25 of traditional risks and 0.32 of baseline diagnostic biomarkers) in terms of AGM indication, compared with the traditional risks model and traditional risks and diagnostic biomarkers combined model. These metabolic signatures significantly increased the AUC value of AGM indication in addition to traditional risks, and might shed light on the pathophysiology underlying the transition from GDM to AGM.
Is there any association between fruit consumption and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus? A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIM: Although a considerable number of studies have illustrated the positive effects of fresh fruits on metabolic status, the impacts of fruits on the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are inconsistent. In consideration of this issue, we aimed to systematically summarize the findings of cohort studies with respect to the link between fresh fruits and the risk of GDM. METHOD: We selected cohort studies with English language indexed in PubMed/Medline, Scopus, Web of Science, and Embase from 2000 to 31 January 2018. To examine the link between fresh fruits and the risk of GDM development, relative risk (RR) and 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) for the highest versus the lowest consumption of fruits were pooled using a random effect model and the DerSimonian and Laird method. RESULTS: Out of 2522 publications, finally 5 cohort studies were obtained. No significant association between fruit consumption and GDM incidence was found (Pooled RR: 0.95; 95 % CI: 0.84, 1.08; I(2): 90.3 %, p = 0001). In women who consumed higher amount of fruits before pregnancy, the risk of GDM was 5% lower than in those who consumed lower amount of fruits (0.95; 95 %CI: 0.91, 0.99, I(2): 0%, p = 0.85). No link was obtained between fruit consumption during the pregnancy and GDM onset (1.18, 95 % CI: 0.48, 2.91; I(2):94.6 %, p = 0.0001). CONCLUSION: In women who consumed greater fruits before pregnancy, the risk for GDM was 5 % lower than those consumed lower amounts of fruits, while there was no link between fruit consumption throughout the pregnancy and GDM onset. However, due to limited studies and considerable heterogeneity, the findings must be interpreted with great caution.
Early postpartum metabolic syndrome in women with or without gestational diabetes: Results from Life after Gestational Diabetes Ahvaz cohort study.; AIMS: This study aimed to determine the prevalence rate of metabolic syndrome and its potential risk factors, 6-12 weeks postpartum in women with GDM compared to women with normal glucose tolerance. METHODS: LAGAs is an ongoing population-based prospective cohort study that started in March 2015 in Ahvaz, Iran. During 11 months of study progression, 176 women with GDM pregnancy and 86 healthy women underwent a fasting glucose test, 75-g OGTT and fasting lipid tests at 6-12 weeks postpartum. GDM was defined based on IADPSG criteria. Postpartum glucose intolerance was defined according to ADA criteria and metabolic syndrome using 2 sets of criteria. RESULTS: The overall rate of metabolic syndrome at 6-12 weeks postpartum was 16% by NCEP-ATP III criteria (18.2% in women with GDM and 11.6% in controls) and 19.1% by IDF criteria (21% in women with gestational diabetes and 15.1% in controls). Pre-pregnancy overweight or obesity, (OR 1.89, 95% CI: 1.05-3.38, P = .03), pregnancy systolic blood pressure (OR 1.03, 95% CI: 1.008-1.52, P = .006) and requiring insulin or metformin (OR 3.08, 95% CI: 1.25-7.60, P = 0.01), were associated risk factors for the presence of MetS in GDM-exposed women. In women with normal glucose during pregnancy, pre-pregnancy BMI ≥25 kg/m(2) was a risk factor of metabolic syndrome (OR 2.82, 95% CI: 1.11-7.15, P = .02). CONCLUSION: The rate of metabolic syndrome in women with or without GDM at 6-12 weeks postpartum is high particularly in women with high BMI. An early postpartum prevention and screening program for cardiovascular risk factors is important for women with GDM.
Stressful life events, hypertensive disorders, and high blood sugar during pregnancy.; The objective of this study was to examine the association of life events stressors with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) by using the multilevel sample from the 2007 Los Angeles Mommy and Baby (LAMB) survey. Four multilevel logistic regression models were applied while accounting for the multilevel design of the LAMB study. The following demographic variables were used as covariates: maternal age, race/ethnicity, maternal educational attainment, household income level in the previous year, physical exercise, and prepregnancy body weight status. The scale for total number of stressors was positively associated with GDM in Model 1, but the association did not reach the significance threshold of 0.05. In Model 2 where four specific domains of stressors (financial, traumatic, spousal, and emotional stressors) were used as the key exposure variables, the number of financial stressors during pregnancy was significantly associated with a higher risk of GDM. The scale for total number of stressors was associated with HDP in Model 3. Experience of financial stressors during pregnancy was significantly associated with a higher risk of HDP in Model 4. In conclusion, exposure to higher number of financial stressors was associated with an elevated risk of GDM and HDP.
Quantitative analysis of fetal DNA in maternal plasma in gestational diabetes mellitus, iron deficiency anemia and gestational hypertension pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To quantify circulating fetal DNA (fDNA) levels in the second and third trimesters of normal healthy pregnant individuals and pregnant women with the following clinical conditions: gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), iron deficiency anemia and gestational hypertension (GHT). METHODS: The SRY gene located on the Y chromosome was used as a unique fetal marker. The fDNA was extracted from maternal plasma and the SRY gene concentrations were measured by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) amplification using TaqMan dual labeled probe system. RESULTS: No significant differences were observed in the mean fDNA concentration between normal and GDM pregnancy samples (p > 0.05) and also between normal and anemic pregnancy samples (p > 0.05) in both trimesters, but significant differences were observed between the third trimester normal and GHT pregnancy samples (p = 0.001). GDM and iron deficiency anemia do not affect the levels of fDNA in maternal plasma while GHT significantly elevates the levels of fDNA in maternal plasma. CONCLUSIONS: Increased amount of circulating fDNA in maternal plasma could be used for early identification of adverse pregnancies. GDM and anemia do not affect the levels of fDNA in maternal plasma while GHT significantly elevates the levels of fDNA in maternal plasma. Hence, the elevated fDNA values could be used as a potential screening marker in pregnancies complicated with GHT but not with GDM and iron deficiency anemia.
Role of impaired endothelial cell Ca(2+) signaling in uteroplacental vascular dysfunction during diabetic rat pregnancy.; Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is associated with impaired endothelium-mediated dilatation of maternal arteries, although the underlying cellular mechanisms remain unknown. In this study, we hypothesized that diabetes during rat gestation attenuates agonist-induced uterine vasodilation through reduced endothelial cell (EC) Ca(2+) elevations and impaired smooth muscle cell (SMC) hyperpolarization and SMC intracellular Ca(2+) concentration ([Ca(2+)]i) responses. Diabetes was induced by an injection of streptozotocin to second-day pregnant rats and confirmed by the development of maternal hyperglycemia. Control rats were injected with a citrate buffer. Fura-2-based measurements of SMC [Ca(2+)]i or microelectrode recordings of SMC membrane potential were performed concurrently with dilator responses to ACh in uteroplacental arteries from control and diabetic pregnant rats. Basal levels of EC [Ca(2+)]i and ACh-induced EC [Ca(2+)]i elevations in pressurized vessels and small EC sheets were studied as well. Diabetes reduced ACh-induced vasodilation due to a markedly impaired EDHF-mediated response. Diminished vasodilation to ACh was associated with attenuated SMC hyperpolarization and [Ca(2+)]i responses. Basal levels of EC [Ca(2+)]i and ACh-induced EC [Ca(2+)]i elevations were significantly reduced by diabetes. In conclusion, these data demonstrate that reduced endothelium-mediated hyperpolarization contributes to attenuated uteroplacental vasodilation and SMC [Ca(2+)]i responses to ACh in diabetic pregnancy. Impaired endothelial Ca(2+) signaling is in part responsible for endothelial dysfunction in the uterine resistance vasculature of diabetic rats. Pharmacological improvement of EC Ca(2+) handling may provide an important strategy for the restoration of endothelial function and enhancement of maternal blood flow in human pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
Impact of nulliparity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes on vasomotor symptoms in midlife women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women with a history of nulliparity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher odds of reporting vasomotor symptoms (VMS) at midlife. METHODS: A longitudinal analysis was performed with 2,249 women with pregnancy history data in the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation. Women were classified as nulliparous, no HDP/GDM, or a history of HDP/GDM. VMS (hot flashes, night sweats) were assessed separately at baseline and at each follow-up visit. VMS was recorded as any versus none; 0 , 1-5 , 6+ days in past 2 weeks. Pregnancy history was examined in relation to each VMS (hot flashes, night sweats) using generalized estimating equations adjusting for age (time-varying), site, race/ethnicity, education, financial strain, smoking, and body mass index. Models excluded women with hysterectomy/bilateral oophorectomy and observations with hormone therapy use. RESULTS: Women in the HDP/GDM group (n = 208, 9%) were more likely to be Black, financially strained, and overweight. Compared to women with no HDP/GDM, women with HDP/GDM had greater odds of reporting any hot flashes (OR:1.27; 95% CI:1.05-1.53). Nulliparous women had lower odds of any hot flashes (OR:0.64; 95% CI:0.51-0.80) and night sweats (OR:0.73; 95% CI:0.58-0.93) in age-adjusted models. Similar patterns were observed for frequency of hot flashes and night sweats; associations were attenuated to nonsignificance after adjusting for covariates. CONCLUSIONS: History of HDP/GDM may be associated with more VMS and nulliparity with fewer VMS, but not independently of sociodemographic factors. Our findings underscore the importance of social and economic disparities in both reproductive outcomes and VMS. VIDEO SUMMARY:: http://links.lww.com/MENO/A631.
Gestational glycosuria, proteinuria, and borderline hypertension in pregnancy are predictors for the later onset of maternal chronic disease.; AIM: Although hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) are risk factors for hypertension, DM, and kidney disease in later life, the association of gestational glycosuria, proteinuria, and borderline hypertension with these chronic diseases has been unclear. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted between April 2017 and November 2020 at a Japanese tertiary hospital. Three variables listed in the Maternal and Child Health Handbook were analyzed: glycosuria, proteinuria, and systolic blood pressure (<130, 130-139, and ≥ 140 mmHg) during pregnancy. The incidences of DM, kidney disease, and hypertension self-reported by mothers of pregnant women on a questionnaire were assessed with logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: The 312 women completed the questionnaires an average of 35.8 ± 4.2 years after delivering their daughters. Risk for DM was significantly increased among women with glycosuria (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 3.62; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.21-10.9), and risk for kidney disease was significantly increased among women with proteinuria (aOR, 4.07; 95% CI, 1.29-12.9). Risk for hypertension was significant in women whose blood pressures were ≥ 140 mmHg (aOR, 4.26; 95% CI, 1.96-9.24), but the association between blood pressures of 130-139 mmHg and hypertension was not significant (aOR, 1.72; 95% CI, 0.95-3.11); however, a significant positive trend (p < 0.001) between increasing blood pressure and hypertension was observed. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational glycosuria, proteinuria, and increased blood pressure were associated with the development of maternal chronic diseases. These standard and inexpensive assessments may improve lifelong health management in women.
[Update on the diagnosis of diabetes].; Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disease characterized by the presence of hyperglycemia. This condition must be detected early in order to establish a proper treatment and prevent its micro and macro vascular complications. The diagnosis of diabetes mellitus is based on the detection of abnormally high levels of glycemia. This task may appear to be simple but should not be underestimated. Misclassifying an individual as a diabetic can expose him/her not only to emotional damage but also to unnecessary diagnostic tests and potentially harmful treatments. Many different clinical situations such as pregnancy or acute critical illness may hamper the interpretation of laboratory findings. In this article, we present an updated review on the main aspects related to diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
Metformin: From Research to Clinical Practice.; Metformin is the recommended first-line oral glucose-lowering drug initiated to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It acts in the liver, small intestines, and skeletal muscles with its major effect on decreasing hepatic gluconeogenesis. It is safe, inexpensive, and weight neutral and can be associated with weight loss. It can reduce microvascular complication risk and its use is associated with a lower cardiovascular mortality compared with sulfonylurea therapy. It is also used to delay the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, in treating gestational diabetes, and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
[Neonatal risk in early manifested maternal diabetes].; Neonatal risk in 172 women with early manifested maternal diabetes mellitus (manifestation less than or equal to 18 years) has been estimated in an analysis of 10 years. We found a tendency towards an increased rate of mortality and malformations, but there are no statistic significant differences compared with the White B group as well as with the C/D-group of late manifestation. An increased risk of morbidity (rate of fetopathy , immaturity, disturbed adaptation) could be demonstrated, but it exists also in the newborns of diabetic mothers of the White group B. Using the recent literature the causes have been discussed and conclusions have been made.
[Measurement of blood flow in the umbilical artery of women with pregnancy complications].; The authors analysed the blood flow in the umbilical artery determining the Stuart coefficient in 118 pregnant women. The article presents the values of the coefficient in normal pregnancies (control group). In pathological pregnancy the authors found a deterioration of the umbilical flow in patients with diabetes and intrauterine fetal hypotrophia. In case of cardiac defects and hypertension the results obtained require further evaluation based on larger clinical material.
Morphohistometric investigations of placentas of diabetic patients in correlation to the metabolic adjustment of the disease.; In order to determination if an interdependence exists between the well-known maturational disturbances in placentas of diabetics and the quality of metabolic adjustment, a morphometric study covering 7,500 terminal villi of 50 placentas was performed. The diabetic mothers were divided into two groups according to satisfactory or unsatisfactory blood glucose values. Significant differences in placental retardation were observed between both diabetic groups and a normal control group. Although outcomes did not differ greatly between the two diabetic groups, macrosomia and the ratio of malformations in the newborns correlate with unsatisfactory metabolic management. Small-for-date babies, the need for early termination of pregnancy as well as pre-eclampsia are related to the severity and duration of the disease.
[Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus-clinical recommendations (Update 2023)].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect pathophysiology, screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies of diseases as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels and decreased estrogen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA(1c), blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration.
[Exploration on appropriate fetal weight of twin pregnancies at different gestational weeks and pregnancy complications and outcomes].; Objective: To explore the appropriate fetal weight of twin pregnancies at different gestational weeks and the association with pregnancy complications and outcomes. Methods: Fetal weight at different gestational weeks and related pregnancy complications and outcomes from 1 225 twin pregnancies, who gave birth at Peking University First Hospital from January 2004 to December 2020, were analyzed in this study, including hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), fetal growth restriction (FGR), fetal distress, preterm birth and neonatal asphyxia. The appropriate fetal weight of twin pregnancies at different gestational weeks were analysed based on the information from 616 twin pregnancies without complications (except preterm birth), and were expressed as P(10)~P(90). The chi-square test was used to compare the risk of pregnancy complications and adverse outcomes in large for gestational age (LGA), appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and small for gestational age (SGA) twin pregnancies and the difference in incidence of pregnancy complications and adverse outcomes in different years. Results: The appropriate fetal weights of normal twin pregnancies at 28 to 37 weeks and 38-40 weeks of gestation were 910-1 255 g, 996-1 518 g, 1 105-1 785 g, 1 295-1 825 g, 1 336-2 000 g, 1 754-2 321 g, 1 842-2 591 g, 1 913-2 615 g, 2 150-2 847 g, 2 350-3 130 g and 2 450-3 250 g, respectively. The incidences of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, FGR, fetal distress and neonatal asphyxia related to SGA twin pregnancies were significantly higher than AGA twin pregnancies (all P<0.05). The incidence of GDM in twin pregnant from 2017 to 2020 was higher than that from 2004 to 2009 or from 2010 to 2016, but the incidence of fetal distress and neonatal asphyxia were lower than those from 2010 to 2016, and the differences were statistically significant (all P<0.05). Conclusions: The appropriate weights of twin fetuses at different gestational weeks are different from singleton. The incidence of pregnancy complications and adverse outcomes in AGA fetuses is significantly lower than that in SGA fetuses under the specific weight standard for twin fetuses, which could provide a practical basis for clinical management of twin pregnancy.
Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and the risk of offspring diabetes mellitus in childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood: a nationwide population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDP) have been suggested to contribute to the development of offspring cardiovascular disease later in life, but empirical evidence remains inconsistent. This study was aimed to assess the association of maternal overall and type-specific HDPs with diabetes in offspring from childhood to early adulthood. METHODS: Using Danish national health registers, a total of 2,448,753 individuals born in Denmark from 1978 to 2018 were included in this study. Maternal HDP included chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. The outcome of interest was diabetes in offspring (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes). The follow-up of offspring started at birth and ended at the first diagnosis of diabetes, emigration from Denmark, death, or time end on 31 December 2018, whichever came first. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate the hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of the association between maternal HDP and diabetes (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes) in offspring from birth to young adulthood (up to 41 years), with the offspring's age as the time scale. RESULTS: During a follow-up of up to 41 (median: 19.3) years, 1247 offspring born to mothers with HDP and 23,645 offspring born to mothers without HDP were diagnosed with diabetes. Compared with offspring born to mothers without HDP, those born to mothers with HDP had an increased risk for overall diabetes (HR=1.27, 95% CI=1.20-1.34), as well as for type 2 diabetes (HR=1.57, 95% CI=1.38-1.78) and gestational diabetes (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.25-1.49). We did not observe obvious increased risk for type 1 diabetes (HR=1.08, 95% CI=0.98-1.18). Offspring of mothers with gestational hypertension (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.00-1.88) or preeclampsia (HR=1.62, 95% CI=1.41-1.87) had higher risks of type 2 diabetes. The strongest association was observed for severe preeclampsia, with a 2-fold risk of type 2 diabetes (HR=2.00, 95% CI=1.42-2.82). The association between maternal HDP and type 1 diabetes did not reach statistical significance, except for maternal gestational hypertension (HR=1.41, 95%CI=1.17-1.71). In addition, we found that offspring born to mothers with any subtypes of maternal HDP had higher risk of gestational diabetes, and the corresponding HRs (95%CIs) for chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia were 1.60 (1.06-2.41), 1.29 (1.04-1.59), and 1.38 (1.24-1.53), respectively. We also observed stronger associations among offspring of mothers with HDP and comorbid diabetes (HR=4.64, 95%CI=3.85-5.60) than offspring of mothers with HDP or diabetes alone. CONCLUSIONS: Offspring of mothers with HDP, especially mothers with comorbid diabetes, had an increased risk of diabetes later in their life. Our findings suggest that timely and effective prevention of HDP in women of childbearing age should be taken into consideration as diabetes prevention and control strategies for their generations.
Genetics and Epigenetics: Implications for the Life Course of Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications of pregnancy, affecting as many as one in six pregnancies. It is associated with both short- and long-term adverse outcomes for the mother and fetus and has important implications for the life course of affected women. Advances in genetics and epigenetics have not only provided new insight into the pathophysiology of GDM but have also provided new approaches to identify women at high risk for progression to postpartum cardiometabolic disease. GDM and type 2 diabetes share similarities in their pathophysiology, suggesting that they also share similarities in their genetic architecture. Candidate gene and genome-wide association studies have identified susceptibility genes that are shared between GDM and type 2 diabetes. Despite these similarities, a much greater effect size for MTNR1B in GDM compared to type 2 diabetes and association of HKDC1, which encodes a hexokinase, with GDM but not type 2 diabetes suggest some differences in the genetic architecture of GDM. Genetic risk scores have shown some efficacy in identifying women with a history of GDM who will progress to type 2 diabetes. The association of epigenetic changes, including DNA methylation and circulating microRNAs, with GDM has also been examined. Targeted and epigenome-wide approaches have been used to identify DNA methylation in circulating blood cells collected during early, mid-, and late pregnancy that is associated with GDM. DNA methylation in early pregnancy had some ability to identify women who progressed to GDM, while DNA methylation in blood collected at 26-30 weeks gestation improved upon the ability of clinical factors alone to identify women at risk for progression to abnormal glucose tolerance post-partum. Finally, circulating microRNAs and long non-coding RNAs that are present in early or mid-pregnancy and associated with GDM have been identified. MicroRNAs have also proven efficacious in predicting both the development of GDM as well as its long-term cardiometabolic complications. Studies performed to date have demonstrated the potential for genetic and epigenetic technologies to impact clinical care, although much remains to be done.
Cohort profile update: the Norwegian STORK Groruddalen (STORK G) pregnancy and birth cohort-the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues.; PURPOSE: The STORK Groruddalen cohort was set up in 2008 to explore ethnic differences in: (1) maternal health, primarily gestational diabetes (GDM) and related health issues during pregnancy and post partum, and effects of exposures on risk for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues, and (2) offspring's growth and body composition, overweight/obesity and effects of early life exposures. PARTICIPANTS: 823 women (74% of invited) were followed from gestational week (GW) 15. Data were collected from 618 fathers. In total, 59% of women and 53% of fathers had origin from non-Western countries. Maternal mean age was 29.9 years (SD 4.9), and body mass index (BMI) 25.3 kg/m(2) (4.9). Data were obtained from 772 women (94%) at GW 28, and 662 women (80%) 14 weeks post partum. Eleven years post partum, 385 women (53% of eligible/47% of original cohort) attended, age was 42.0 years (4.8) and BMI 27.1 kg/m(2) (5.1). We have data for 783 children at birth, and for 586 at last time point, mean age 8.6 (0.5) years, weight 30.7 (6.8) kg and length 133.9 (6.3) cm. FINDINGS TO DATE: We collected questionnaire data from parents, clinical measurements and blood samples from mothers, and data on children's growth (mid-pregnancy to 8 years). Our biobank includes maternal blood and urine samples, biopsy material from placentas and umbilical venous cord blood. We found several clinically important differences in maternal health, with higher risk in ethnic minority groups for GDM, insulin resistance, vitamin D and iron deficiency, depressive symptoms and physical inactivity. Contrasting patterns of fetal growth and risk of overweight/thinness at preschool age were observed across ethnic groups. Maternal GDM, obesity and high gestational weight gain were associated with children's BMI trajectories. FUTURE PLANS: We will examine the impact of maternal and fetal health and development during pregnancy on long-term outcomes for mothers and offspring. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Project title STORK G-2: Women and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes NCT03870724 (ClinicalTrials.gov).
Follow-up of women with gestational diabetes in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS): a population-based cohort study.; AIM: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), but there is disagreement regarding this conversion rate or its cardiovascular consequences. We investigated the metabolic and cardiovascular consequences of women with GDM in a population-based cohort study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Three groups of women were selected from the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) and followed up for an average 9 years: women with prior history of GDM (n = 29); women with history of macrosomia or stillbirth without GDM (MC-ST) (n = 570), and age- and BMI-matched controls (n = 628). The incidence of T2DM, hypertension (HTN) and dyslipidemia were compared between these groups. Statistical significance was set at P < 0.05. RESULTS: During the 9-year follow-up, T2DM was diagnosed in 27.3% of women with GDM in comparison to 9.5% among the control group (P < 0/001); 7.4% of the MC-ST group versus 8.9% of control group developed T2DM during the study follow-up (P = 0/03). There was no significant difference in the incidence of HTN or dyslipidemia between these groups (P > 0/05). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of GDM are at higher risk for developing T2DM later in life. The timely recognition of GDM may provide a 'teachable moment' during which women could be motivated to implement lifestyle modifications to reduce their T2DM risk.
Chemerin-Induced Down-Regulation of Placenta-Derived Exosomal miR-140-3p and miR-574-3p Promotes Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cells Proliferation, Migration, and Tube Formation in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) leads to poor pregnancy outcomes and fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction; however, the underlying mechanisms remain unknown. This study aimed to investigate the effect of placenta-derived exosomal miRNAs on fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in GDM, as well as to further explore the role of chemerin to this end. Placenta-derived exosomal miR-140-3p and miR-574-3p expression (next-generation sequencing, quantitative real-time PCR), its interactions with cell function (Cell Counting Kit-8, Transwell, tube formation assay), chemerin interactions (Western blotting), and placental inflammation (immunofluorescence staining, enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay) were investigated. Placenta-derived exosomal miR-140-3p and miR-574-3p were downregulated in GDM. Additionally, miR-140-3p and miR-574-3p inhibited the proliferation, migration, and tube formation ability of umbilical vein endothelial cells by targeting vascular endothelial growth factor. Interestingly, miR-140-3p and miR-574-3p expression levels were negatively correlated with chemerin, which induced placental inflammation through the recruitment of macrophage cells and release of IL-18 and IL-1β. These findings indicate that chemerin reduces placenta-derived exosomal miR-140-3p and miR-574-3p levels by inducing placental inflammation, thereby promoting the proliferation, migration, and tube formation of umbilical vein endothelial cells in GDM, providing a novel perspective on the underlying pathogenesis and therapeutic targets for GDM and its offspring complications.
Gestational diabesity and foetoplacental vascular dysfunction.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) shows a deficiency in the metabolism of D-glucose and other nutrients, thereby negatively affecting the foetoplacental vascular endothelium. Maternal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinemia play an important role in the aetiology of GDM. A combination of these and other factors predisposes women to developing GDM with pre-pregnancy normal weight, viz. classic GDM. However, women with GDM and prepregnancy obesity (gestational diabesity, GDty) or overweight (GDMow) show a different metabolic status than women with classic GDM. GDty and GDMow are associated with altered l-arginine/nitric oxide and insulin/adenosine axis signalling in the human foetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium. These alterations differ from those observed in classic GDM. Here, we have reviewed the consequences of GDty and GDMow in the modulation of foetoplacental endothelial cell function, highlighting studies describing the modulation of intracellular pH homeostasis and the potential implications of NO generation and adenosine signalling in GDty-associated foetal vascular insulin resistance. Moreover, with an increase in the rate of obesity in women of childbearing age worldwide, the prevalence of GDty is expected to increase in the next decades. Therefore, we emphasize that women with GDty and GDMow should be characterized with a different metabolic state from that of women with classic GDM to develop a more specific therapeutic approach for protecting the mother and foetus.
The Accuracy and Cost-Effectiveness of Selective Fetal Echocardiography for the Diagnosis of Congenital Heart Disease in Patients with Pregestational Diabetes Stratified by Hemoglobin A1c.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the accuracy of antenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease (CHD) using screening methods including a combination of elevated hemoglobin A1c, detailed anatomy ultrasound, and fetal echocardiography. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study of all pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes from January 2012 to December 2016. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value were calculated for each screening regimen. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) was calculated for each regimen with effectiveness defined as additional CHD diagnosed. RESULTS: A total of 378 patients met inclusion criteria with an overall prevalence of CHD of 4.0% (n = 15). When compared with a detailed ultrasound, fetal echocardiography had a higher sensitivity (73.3 vs. 40.0%). However, all cases of major CHD were detected by detailed ultrasound (n = 6). Using an elevated early A1c > 7.7% and a detailed ultrasound resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 60.0 and 99.4%, respectively. The use of selective fetal echocardiography for an A1c > 7.7% or abnormal detailed anatomy ultrasound would result in a 63.3% reduction in cost per each additional minor CHD diagnosed (ICER: $18,290.52 vs. $28,875.67). CONCLUSION: Fetal echocardiography appears to have limited diagnostic value in women with pregestational diabetes. However, these results may not be generalizable outside of a high-volume academic setting.
Relationship of the Frequency, Distribution, and Content of Meals/Snacks to Glycaemic Control in Gestational Diabetes: The myfood24 GDM Pilot Study.; This study examines nutritional intakes in Gestational diabetes mellitus piloting the myfood24 tool, to explore frequency of meals/snacks, and daily distribution of calories and carbohydrates in relation to glycaemic control. A total of 200 women aged 20-43 years were recruited into this prospective observational study between February 2015 and February 2016. Diet was assessed using myfood24, a novel online 24-h dietary recall tool. Out of 200 women 102 completed both ≥1 dietary recalls and all blood glucose measurements. Blood glucose was self-measured as part of usual care. Differences between groups meeting and exceeding glucose targets in relation to frequency of meal/snack consumption and nutrients were assessed using chi-squared and Mann-Whitney tests. Women achieving a fasting glucose target <5.3 mmol/L, compared to those exceeding it, consumed three meals (92% vs. 78%: p = 0.04) and three snacks (10% vs. 4%: p = 0.06) per day, compared with two or less; and in relation to evening snacks, consumed a higher percentage of daily energy (6% vs. 5%: p = 0.03) and carbohydrates (8% vs. 6%: p = 0.01). Achieving glycaemic control throughout the day was positively associated with snacking (p = 0.008). Achieving glucose targets was associated with having more snacks across the day, and may be associated with frequency and distribution of meals and nutrients. A larger study is required to confirm this.
[Drug treatment of diabetic retinopathy].; Medical treatment of diabetic retinopathy remains a problem. So far, no drug has produced definitely positive results. Strict metabolic control still has to be considered the sine qua non of a therapeutic approach to diabetic retinopathy. The extent to which multiple daily injections of insulin (insulin pumps) are capable of inhibiting the development of a retinopathy is still under investigation. Prophylactic measures to prevent further complications where retinopathy already exists should not, however, be neglected.
Acute responses to structured aerobic and resistance exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Research on the acute responses to exercise in pregnancy is scarce, especially for women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate responses to a single bout of exercise performed multiple times throughout the pregnancy in women diagnosed with GDM. Data from 18 pregnant women (aged: 32.8 ± 3.8) diagnosed with GDM, treated with diet only, were analyzed. Participants' pre-pregnancy body mass index was 24.4 ± 4.9 kg/m(2) , 50% of them were nulliparous, and 50% of the sample regularly exercised before the pregnancy. The exercise intervention consisted of an individual structured aerobic and resistance exercise program performed twice per week from the time of diagnosis until at least the 36th week of pregnancy. The exercise program included 20 minutes of aerobic exercise, 20-25 minutes of resistance exercise, and 10 minutes of cool down. Maternal heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, temperature and fetal heart rate were measured at every exercise session, along with blood glucose on 3 occasions. In total, 365 exercise sessions were analyzed (85 in the second trimester and 280 in the third trimester), on average 20.3 ± 7.7 per participant. Heart rate and fetal heart rate were elevated during both the aerobic and resistance parts of the exercise session (P < .01) in comparison with the baseline while systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not change in the total sample. There was a slight elevation in tympanic membrane temperature during the aerobic part of the session (P < .01). All parameters returned to baseline levels by the end of the session. Glucose levels dropped from the baseline, from 4.7 ± 0.6 to 3.9 ± 0.4 mmol/L (P < .01). There were no differences in responses to exercise between the second and third trimesters, nor between pre-pregnancy exercisers and non-exercisers. The combination of aerobic and resistance exercise for women diagnosed with GDM does not have harmful short-term effects if performed according to guidelines. Likewise, exercise can be considered useful for controlling hyperglycemia in pregnancy for women affected by GDM.
Role of gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, breastfeeding, and hypertension in mother-to-child obesity transmission.; Given the reported 30% prevalence of early-life obesity in the Western world, the nongenetic, maternally derived risk factors for excess body mass in offspring have been widely investigated recently. This review article aimed to analyze the results of 67 articles published from 2014 onwards that investigated causative non-genetic-based associations between maternal and infantile excess body mass. Excessive gestational weight gain was found to increase the incidence of excess body mass in offspring, reaching nearly 20% at 2 years of age. Furthermore, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of offspring that is large for gestational age. The offspring of mothers with GDM and mothers with dyslipidemia in the first trimester of pregnancy had higher rates of excess body mass. In addition, breastfeeding for a period of less than 6 months was one of the 4 factors that were most strongly associated with childhood obesity. Pregnancy-induced hypertension raises the risk of childhood obesity by 50%. In conclusion, excessive gestational weight gain, GDM, maternal dyslipidemia, breastfeeding for a period of less than 6 months, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with maternal and childhood obesity and are perinatal risk factors of excess body mass in offspring. Their occurrence should be monitored and prevention of these factors should become the principal aim of obesity prevention programs for children. Occurrence of these factors may justify intense screening to diagnose early stages of metabolic disorders in offspring, even in adulthood. Further large-scale studies are warranted to draw a firm conclusion.
[Preliminary results of laser coagulation of the retina in the treatment of diabetic retinopathy in pregnant women].; The authors observed a group of 16 pregnant women aged 22-38 years with insulin-dependent diabetes of D, R, RF class (accor. to White). All the patients were treated by conventional insulin therapy. The fundus in 8 of them (16 eyes--group 1) was normal, in following 8 the fundus showed changes of the type of simple retinopathy (13 eyes--group 2) and proliferative retinopathy (3 eyes--group 3). Laser photocoagulation of the fundus changes was executed in 9 eyes. In the final period of gravidity the group 1 and 2 did not exhibit any new changes or intensification of the already existing; this could be connected with application of an intensive conventional insulin therapy. All the eyes (group 1 and 2) except one showed stabilization of the retinal changes after laser treatment.
A prospective study of dietary patterns, meat intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to prospectively examine whether dietary patterns are related to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 13,110 women who were free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes and history of GDM. Subjects completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in 1991, and reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1992 and 1998 in the Nurses' Health Study II. Two major dietary patterns (i.e. 'prudent' and 'Western') were identified through factor analysis. The prudent pattern was characterised by a high intake of fruit, green leafy vegetables, poultry and fish, whereas the Western pattern was characterised by high intake of red meat, processed meat, refined grain products, sweets, French fries and pizza. RESULTS: We documented 758 incident cases of GDM. After adjustment for age, parity, pre-pregnancy BMI and other covariates, the relative risk (RR) of GDM, comparing the highest with the lowest quintile of the Western pattern scores, was 1.63 (95% CI 1.20-2.21; p (trend)=0.001), whereas the RR comparing the lowest with the highest quintile of the prudent pattern scores was 1.39 (95% CI 1.08-1.80; p (trend)=0.018). The RR for each increment of one serving/day was 1.61 (95% CI 1.25-2.07) for red meat and 1.64 (95% CI 1.13-2.38) for processed meat. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These findings suggest that pre-pregnancy dietary patterns may affect women's risk of developing GDM. A diet high in red and processed meat was associated with a significantly elevated risk.
The Influence of Gestational Diabetes on Neurodevelopment of Children in the First Two Years of Life: A Prospective Study.; OBJECTIVE: Analyze the relation of gestational diabetes and maternal blood glucose levels to early cognitive functions in the first two years of life. METHODS: In a prospective Singaporean birth cohort study, pregnant women were screened for gestational diabetes at 26-28 weeks gestation using a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. Four hundred and seventy three children (n = 74 and n = 399 born to mothers with and without gestational diabetes respectively) underwent neurocognitive assessments at 6, 18, and/or 24 month, including electrophysiology during an attentional task and behavioral measures of attention, memory and cognition. RESULTS: Gestational diabetes is related to left hemisphere EPmax amplitude differences (oddball versus standard) at both six (P = 0.039) and eighteen months (P = 0.039), with mean amplitudes suggesting offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit greater neuronal activity to standard stimuli and less to oddball stimuli. Associations between 2-hour maternal glucose levels and the difference in EPmax amplitude were marginal at 6 months [adjusted β = -0.19 (95% CI: -0.42 to +0.04) μV, P = 0.100] and significant at 18 months [adjusted β = -0.27 (95% CI: -0.49 to -0.06) μV, P = 0.014], and the EPmax amplitude difference (oddball-standard) associated with the Bayley Scales of Infant and toddler Development-III cognitive score at 24 months [β = 0.598 (95% CI: 0.158 to 1.038), P = 0.008]. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes and maternal blood glucose levels are associated with offspring neuronal activity during an attentional task at both six and eighteen months. Such electrophysiological differences are likely functionally important, having been previously linked to attention problems later in life.
Atractylenolide-I Alleviates Hyperglycemia-Induced Heart Developmental Malformations through Direct and Indirect Modulation of the STAT3 Pathway.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes could elevate the risk of congenital heart defects (CHD) in infants, and effective preventive and therapeutic medications are currently lacking. Atractylenolide-I (AT-I) is the active ingredient of Atractylodes Macrocephala Koidz (known as Baizhu in China), which is a traditional pregnancy-supporting Chinese herb. PURPOSE: In this study, we investigated the protective effect of AT-I on the development of CHD in embryos exposed to high glucose (HG). STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: First, systematic review search results revealed associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular malformations. Subsequently, a second systematic review indicated that heart malformations were consistently associated with oxidative stress and cell apoptosis. We assessed the cytotoxic impacts of Atractylenolide compounds (AT-I, AT-II, and AT-III) on H9c2 cells and chick embryos, determining an optimal concentration of AT-I for further investigation. Second, immunofluorescence, western blot, Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), and flow cytometry were utilized to delve into the mechanisms through which AT-I mitigates oxidative stress and apoptosis in cardiac cells. Molecular docking was employed to investigate whether AT-I exerts cardioprotective effects via the STAT3 pathway. Then, we developed a streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus (PGDM) mouse model to evaluate AT-I's protective efficacy in mammals. Finally, we explored how AT-I protects hyperglycemia-induced abnormal fetal heart development through microbiota analysis and untargeted metabolomics analysis. RESULTS: The study showed the protective effect of AT-I on embryonic development using a chick embryo model which rescued the increase in the reactive oxygen species (ROS) and decrease in cell survival induced by HG. We also provided evidence suggesting that AT-I might directly interact with STAT3, inhibiting its phosphorylation. Further, in the PGDM mouse model, we observed that AT-I not only partially alleviated PGDM-related blood glucose issues and complications but also mitigated hyperglycemia-induced abnormal fetal heart development in pregnant mice. This effect is hypothesized to be mediated through alterations in gut microbiota composition. We proposed that dysregulation in microbiota metabolism could influence the downstream STAT3 signaling pathway via EGFR, consequently impacting cardiac development and formation. CONCLUSIONS: This study marks the first documented instance of AT-I's effectiveness in reducing the risk of early cardiac developmental anomalies in fetuses affected by gestational diabetes. AT-I achieves this by inhibiting the STAT3 pathway activated by ROS during gestational diabetes, significantly reducing the risk of fetal cardiac abnormalities. Notably, AT-I also indirectly safeguards normal fetal cardiac development by influencing the maternal gut microbiota and suppressing the EGFR/STAT3 pathway.
[Leptin, leptin gene, leptin gene receptor polymorphisms and pregnancy].; The article presents information about leptin as the major metabolic hormone. The structure, localization of the hormone and its receptor have been described focusing on maturation and fertility processes. Several polymorphisms of leptin gene and its receptor have been described as potential developmental factors of pregnancy complications such as diabetes mellitus or pregnancy induced hypertension.
Intracranial hemorrhages in infants of diabetic mothers: A national cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) with intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) and other intracranial hemorrhages (ICH) in newborns. STUDY DESIGN: We analyzed the National Inpatient Sample dataset and compared prevalence of IVH and other subtypes of ICH in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) vs. those born to mothers without DM. Regression models were used to control for demographic and clinical confounding variables. RESULT: A total of 11,318,691 infants were included. Compared to controls, IDMs had increased prevalence of IVH (aOR = 1.18, CI: 1.12-1.23, p < 0.001) and other ICH (aOR = 1.18, CI: 1.07-1.31, p = 0.001). Severe IVH (grades 3 & 4) was encountered less frequently in IDMs (aOR = 0.75, CI: 0.66-0.85, p < 0.001) than controls. Gestational DM was not associated with increased IVH after controlling for the demographic, clinical and perinatal confounders in the logistic regression model (aOR = 1.04, CI: 0.98-1.11, p = 0.22). CONCLUSION: Chronic maternal DM is associated with increased neonatal IVH and other ICH but not severe IVH. This association needs to be confirmed in further studies.
Women with gestational diabetes mellitus, controlled for plasma glucose level, exhibit maternal and fetal dyslipidaemia that may warrant treatment.; AIMS: To compare maternal and fetal cord plasma and lipoprotein triglyceride (TG) concentrations in women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), with hyperglycaemia and hypertriglyceridaemia, and healthy women. METHODS: Fasted maternal blood at 28.6 ± 3.4 (T1) and 36.2 ± 1.0 (T2) [mean ± S.D] weeks of gestation, and cord blood were collected. Plasma lipoprotein fractions underwent compositional analysis. RESULTS: Plasma glucose did not differ between GDM and healthy women. T1 maternal plasma TG (2.60 ± 0.89 mmol/l versus 1.71 ± 0.69 mmol/l) and plasma apolipoprotein B (1.30 ± 0.48 g/l versus 0.75 ± 0.40 g/l) were higher in GDM compared to healthy. Maternal plasma TG increased over gestation in both groups. T1 plasma VLDL total protein (38 ± 15 mg/dl versus 25 ± 11 mg/dl), total cholesterol (TC) (30 ± 14 mg/dl versus 16 ± 13 mg/dl) and phospholipid (PL) (43 ± 17 mg/dl versus 26 ± 16 mg/dl) were higher in GDM than healthy, and similarly for IDL, suggesting increased lipoprotein particle number. T1 VLDL-TG enrichment was higher in healthy and increased over gestation in GDM women but decreased in healthy. IDL-TG enrichment (TG/TC) increased over gestation in women with GDM and decreased in healthy. Cord blood VLDL, IDL and LDL from GDM had a two-fold higher TG enrichment than healthy pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Increased maternal lipoprotein number, but not TG enrichment, in GDM mothers may explain TG enrichment of cord lipoproteins.
Maternal hyperinsulinism and glycaemic status in the first trimester of pregnancy are associated with the development of pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationships across a range of glucose and insulin measures at 12 weeks of gestation with the development of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and birth size. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Prospective study of pregnant women booking before 15th week of gestation. At the first antenatal visit, standard measures of height, weight, blood pressure (BP) and social status were recorded, and blood sample was drawn for measurements of fasting glucose and plasma insulin. Oral glucose tolerance test with 75  g glucose load was performed after overnight fast. Odds ratios (ORs) with 95% CI were calculated to determine the risk of developing PIH or GDM depending on quartiles of blood glucose or tertiles of plasma insulin levels. RESULTS: One thousand six hundred and fifty pregnant women were included in the study. Of them, 1484 delivered a live infant of whom 70 were preterm, 166 did not complete the study, 155 mothers developed PIH (10.4%), 18 were diagnosed with GDM (1.2%) and four had both PIH and GDM. At 12 weeks of gestation, women who became hypertensive were heavier (P<0.001), with higher BMI (P<0.001) than controls. Both systolic (P<0.001) and diastolic BPs (P<0.001) were already higher in women who developed PIH. Fasting insulin concentrations were higher in PIH group (P<0.002). Fasting glucose level >6.8 mmol/l was associated with the likelihood of delivering a macrosomic baby (OR 3.1 (95% CI: 1.21-8.0); P=0.02); the effect was heightened in multiparous mothers (OR 4.0 (95% CI: 1.4-11.1); P=0.01). Fasting plasma insulin had, however, no effect on size at birth in this study. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that women who develop PIH may be metabolically challenged at early stages of pregnancy with hyperinsulinism, insulin insensitivity and slightly higher BP.
[Effect of hyperglycaemia on fetal heart in pregnant rats].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of hyperglycaemia on the cardiomyodial change of rat fetus. METHODS: Thirty clean SD pregnant rats were randomly dividing into group A, B and C, 10 in each group. Group A were injected intraperitoneally 50 mg/kg streptozotocin on the 6th day of pregnancy, Group B were injected the same dose on the 13th day of pregnancy, while Group C were injected intraperitoneally 0.1 mmol/L citrate buffer solution on the 6th day of pregnancy. All rats were killed on the 21st day of pregnancy, the total fetus, live fetus, weight, and length of fetus were recorded. The blood glucose in the fetal rats was measured, and the fetal hearts were collected. The fetal hearts were pathologically examined under light microscope and electron microscope. Immunohistochemical staining was applied to determine Caspase-3 in the heart of fetus. RESULTS: (1) The blood glucose of pregnant rats in the 3 groups showed no difference before intervening (P>0.05). There was significant difference between Group A and C, Group B and C after intervening (P<0.01), but no significant difference between Group A and B was found (P>0.05). (2 )The fetus in Group A and B was heavier and longer than in Group C, with significant difference (P<0.01), but not between Group A and B (P>0.05). The blood glucose of fetus in Group A and B was lower than that in Group C, with significant difference (P<0.01), but not between Group A and B (P>0.05). The rate of fetal death in Group A, B, and C were 31.96%,12.84%, and 3.88%, respectively. Significant deviation existed in the 3 groups (P<0.01). (3) Under light microscope, fetal hearts in Group A and B showed disorder, cardiac muscle cells swelled. There were vacuoles in cytolymph and necrosis in the myocardial tissue. Significant deviation in the integral of fetal necrosis existed in the 3 groups (P<0.01). (4) Caspase-3 was detected in the fetal hearts, the positive area ratio and mean OD value had significant deviation in the 3 groups (P<0.01).(5) Under the electron microscope, cardiomyocytes wrinkled, mitochondrion decreased, myofibril ruptured, while sarcomere blurred. The density of mitochondria in cardiamyocyte in Group A was lower than that in Group B and C (P<0.01), and the average volume of mitochondria of Group A and B was higher than that in Group C (P<0.01). CONCLUSION: There is apparent pathological change of fetal hearts in pregnant rats with hyperglycaemia. The longer the duration, the more obvious the change.
[Outcomes in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Screening and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Literature review].; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are characterized by a high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (X 7), metabolic syndrome (X 2 to 5) and cardiovascular diseases (X 1,7). Women with lesser degrees of glucose intolerance share the same risks. T2DM may occur from postpartum (5 to 14%) to several years later, up to 25 years. Some factors associated with T2DM are identified: obesity, early diagnostic before 24 weeks, high pregnancy OGTT blood glucose or insulinotherapy. Screening for T2DM only with fasting glucose provides less sensibility than with OGTT; HbA1c may supplant these dosages. The recurrence rate of GDM is between 30 and 84%, non-white ethnicity and insulinotherapy during GDM being the best proven predictors. High risk women need repeated life-long screenings for glycemic abnomalies, or when another pregnancy is planned. Among overweight or obese women with history of GDM who show minor glycoregulation disturbances, it is proved that modifications of lifestyle in intensive programs or metformin halve the risk of DT2. However, studies analysing practices show low adhesion to screening; without an intensive program, few women implement lifestyle modifications. These intensive programs should be implemented and proposed to high-risk women. Their therapeutic education should also include prevention of cardiovascular risk factors.
Women's cardiovascular risk before and after menopause: A red alert for heart attack!; Cardiovascular disease is now the leading cause of death in women, 16 times more frequent than breast cancer, and with more and more young women at risk. Young women are exposed to serial loss of chance, related to sex, with specific female hormonal cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF): contraception, pregnancy and menopause; and to gender: atypic symptoms, underestimation, poor risk-factor control, undertreatment and lack of follow-up, and specific atheromatous disease. Prevalence and impact of risk factors differ between males and females. At a given age, women show more CVRFs than men. This is due to negative lifestyle changes, with increasing smoking, stress, obesity and sedentary lifestyles. Some CVRFs such as hypertension, smoking, stress and diabetes have more severe arterial impact in women than men. Psychosocial factors are emerging risk factors, especially in younger women. Specific hormonal risk is linked to contraception, endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, age at menarche, hysterectomy and menopause. Moreover, classic CV risk scores are not adapted to women. An aggressive approach to CVRF management is essential for primary prevention of CV disease, using specific guidelines. Health professionals should conduct earlier personalized screening for women at risk and should encourage appropriate lifestyle changes. The gyneco-cardiology healthcare pathway is a real opportunity to improve cardiovascular prevention in women.
Previous Gestational Diabetes Increases Atherogenic Dyslipidemia in Subsequent Pregnancy and Postpartum.; In a cohort of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to ascertain whether women with abnormal glucose tolerance 1-year postdelivery had a more atherogenic lipid profile during and after pregnancy than those with normal glucose tolerance. A prospective cohort study with longitudinal design between January 2004 and March 2016 was conducted. Three hundred and six (56.8%) of 537 women diagnosed with GDM during the studied period attended a control visit during the first year after delivery. Of these, 112 (36.6%) had prediabetes and 16 (5.2%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus. No significant differences during pregnancy were found in total, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, and triacylglycerol (TAG) concentrations among the three groups. Only HDL cholesterol and TAG levels differed significantly among groups at 2 and 12 months after delivery. Logistic regression analysis revealed pregnancy HDL and glucose metabolism status to be associated with the HDL cholesterol concentration 1-year postdelivery. Furthermore, the only independent factor associated with TAG levels 1 year after delivery was the gestational TAG concentration. In summary, an overweight multiethnic group of women with prior GDM presented a high incidence of postpartum dysglycemia (41.8%). HDL-cholesterol and TAG levels, both components of the metabolic syndrome, differed significantly among the three study groups in the glucose-metabolism status at 2 and 12 months after delivery. Women with previous GDM must be followed up in the postpartum period for early detection and management of lipid and glucose disorders.
A first trimester prediction model for gestational diabetes utilizing aneuploidy and pre-eclampsia screening markers.; OBJECTIVE: We examined whether first trimester aneuploidy and pre-eclampsia screening markers predict gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a large multi-ethnic cohort and the influence of local population characteristics on markers. METHODS: Clinical and first trimester markers (mean arterial pressure (MAP), uterine artery pulsatility index (UtA PI), pregnancy associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A), free-β human chorionic gonadotropin (free-hCGβ)) were measured in a case-control study of 980 women (248 with GDM, 732 controls) at 11 to 13 + 6 weeks' gestation. Clinical parameters, MAP-, UtA PI-, PAPP-A-, and free-hCGβ-multiples-of-the-median (MoM) were compared between GDM and controls; stratified by ethnicity, parity, and GDM diagnosis <24 versus ≥24 weeks' gestation. GDM model screening performance was evaluated using AUROC. RESULTS: PAPP-A- and UtA PI-MoM were significantly lower in GDM versus controls (median ((IQR) PAPP-A-MoM 0.81 (0.58-1.20) versus 1.00 (0.70-1.46); UtA PI-MoM 1.01 (0.82-1.21) versus 1.05 (0.84-1.29); p < .05). Previous GDM, family history of diabetes, south/east Asian ethnicity, parity, BMI, MAP, UtA PI, and PAPP-A were significant predictors in multivariate analysis (p < .05). The AUC for a model based on clinical parameters was 0.88 (95%CI 0.85-0.92), increasing to 0.90 (95%CI 0.87-0.92) with first trimester markers combined. The combined model best predicted GDM <24 weeks' gestation (AUC 0.96 (95%CI 0.94-0.98)). CONCLUSIONS: Addition of aneuploidy and pre-eclampsia markers is cost-effective and enhances early GDM detection, accurately identifying early GDM, a high-risk cohort requiring early detection, and intervention. Ethnicity and parity modified marker association with GDM, suggesting differences in pathophysiology and vascular risk.
Towards Novel Nutritional Strategies in Gestational Diabetes: Eating Behaviour and Obesity in Women with Gestational Diabetes Compared with Non-Pregnant Adults.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Effective nutritional strategies are needed to reduce BMI and improve long-term maternal cardiometabolic health, but the relative contribution of maternal eating behaviour, a potential barrier to dietary change, has not been explored. We compared eating behaviour in women with gestational diabetes with that of men and non-pregnant women with comparable risk factors, and tested associations between eating behaviour traits and BMI in women with gestational diabetes. We hypothesized that eating behaviour would be unfavourable in gestational diabetes and would be associated with BMI. METHODS: Participants (n = 417) including 53 men, 164 non-pregnant women and 200 women with gestational diabetes (singleton pregnancy; 29 weeks' gestation) were recruited into three prospective studies assessing weight loss interventions, with similar entry criteria. The three-factor eating questionnaire (TFEQ-R18) assessed uncontrolled eating, emotional eating and cognitive restraint at study enrolment. Associations between BMI at study enrolment and TFEQ-R18 (% maximum score) were assessed using linear regression. RESULTS: Women with gestational diabetes had significantly lower uncontrolled eating scores vs. men (53% vs. 65%; p < 0.001) and non-pregnant women (53% vs. 66%; p < 0.001), lower emotional eating scores vs. non-pregnant women (60% vs. 71%; p < 0.001) and higher cognitive restraint (p < 0.001 vs. men and non-pregnant women). In women with gestational diabetes, emotional eating scores were positively associated with BMI at study enrolment (beta coefficient 7.8 (95% CI 3.9 to 11.7), p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women with gestational diabetes have favourable eating behaviour compared with other population groups. Because BMI at study enrolment was associated with emotional eating, nutritional strategies which reduce emotional eating may provide new opportunities to improve long-term maternal health after gestational diabetes.
Role of placental barrier on trace element transfer in maternal fetal system and hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy (HDCP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can affect the placental barrier function to varying degrees. However, current studies show that the transfer and distribution characteristics of trace elements in the maternal-fetal system are still unclear. This study investigated the effect of the placental barrier on the transfer of trace elements from mother to fetus and its relationship with HDCP and GDM. METHODS: A case-control method was used in this study. 140 pairs of samples were collected; 60 were from healthy pregnant women, and 80 were from patients with pregnancy complications. The contents of trace elements in paired samples were determined by inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (ICP-MS). SPSS software was used to analyze the differences in trace element levels in matched samples of each group. The correlations were analyzed based on Pearson's correlation factor (r). RESULTS: The distribution characteristics of Fe content in the pathological group (HDCP group and GDM group) were the same as those in the normal group (umbilical cord blood > maternal blood > placenta), but there was no significant difference in the iron content in maternal blood and cord blood of pathological group. The distribution characteristics of Mn content in the pathological group (placenta > umbilical cord blood > maternal blood) were changed compared with those in the normal group (placenta > maternal blood > umbilical cord blood). In addition, the placental Cr content and cord blood Cr and Ni content of the pathological group were higher than those of the normal group. HDCP placental Cr and GDM placental Fe levels were significantly correlated with the Apgar score. CONCLUSIONS: The transfer of Fe and Mn and the placental barrier function of Cr and Ni in the maternal-fetal system of HDCP and GDM are significantly altered, which directly or indirectly increases the maternal and fetal health risk.
The small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle ratio is associated with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The lipoprotein subfraction particle profile can be used to improve clinical assessments of cardiovascular disease risk and contribute to early detection of atherogenic dyslipidemia. Lipid alterations in gestational diabetes have been extensively studied, but the results have been inconsistent. Here, we investigated serum lipoprotein subfraction particle levels and their association with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy. METHODS: Twenty-eight pregnant women with gestational diabetes and 56 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance matched for body mass index were enrolled in this study. We assessed fasting serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein subfraction particle levels in participants between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: The level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was significantly lower in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance, but the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels of the two groups were similar. Lipoprotein particle analysis showed that very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle number and the small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle (sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P) ratio were significantly higher in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance (P = 0.013 and P = 0.015, respectively). In multivariate analysis, fasting glucose was independently and positively associated with sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio even after adjustment for maternal age, gestational weight gain, BMI and LDL cholesterol (standardized Beta = 0.214, P = 0.029). CONCLUSIONS: The sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio is higher in GDM compared with non-diabetic pregnant women, and positively and independently associated with fasting glucose in pregnant women.
Objectively measured short sleep duration and later sleep midpoint in pregnancy are associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Experimental and epidemiologic data suggest that among nonpregnant adults, sleep duration may be an important risk factor for chronic disease. Although pregnant women commonly report poor sleep, few studies objectively evaluated the quality of sleep in pregnancy or explored the relationship between sleep disturbances and maternal and perinatal outcomes. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to examine the relationship between objectively assessed sleep duration, timing, and continuity (measured via wrist actigraphy) and maternal cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity specific to pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study of nulliparous women. Women were recruited between 16 0/7 and 21 6/7 weeks' gestation. They were asked to wear a wrist actigraphy monitor and complete a daily sleep log for a period of 7 consecutive days. The primary sleep exposure variables were the averages of the following over the total valid nights (minimum 5, maximum 7 nights): short sleep duration during the primary sleep period (<7 h/night), late sleep midpoint (midpoint between sleep onset and sleep offset >5 am), and top quartile of minutes of wake time after sleep onset and sleep fragmentation index. The primary outcomes of interest were a composite of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (mild, severe, or superimposed preeclampsia; eclampsia; or antepartum gestational hypertension) and gestational diabetes mellitus. We used χ(2) tests to assess associations between sleep variables and categorical baseline characteristics. Crude odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were estimated from univariate logistic regression models to characterize the magnitude of the relationship between sleep characteristics and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes. For associations significant in univariate analysis, multiple logistic regression was used to explore further the association of sleep characteristics with pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: In all, 901 eligible women consented to participate; 782 submitted valid actigraphy studies. Short sleep duration and a later sleep midpoint were associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes (odds ratio, 2.24; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-4.53; and odds ratio, 2.58; 95% confidence interval, 1.24-5.36, respectively) but not of hypertensive disorders. A model with both sleep duration and sleep midpoint as well as their interaction term revealed that while there was no significant interaction between these exposures, the main effects of both short sleep duration and later sleep midpoint with gestational diabetes remained significant (adjusted odds ratio, 2.06; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-4.19; and adjusted odds ratio, 2.37; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-4.97, respectively). Additionally, after adjusting separately for age, body mass index, and race/ethnicity, both short sleep duration and later sleep midpoint remained associated with gestational diabetes. No associations were demonstrated between the sleep quality measures (wake after sleep onset, sleep fragmentation) and hypertensive disorders or gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate a relationship between short sleep duration and later sleep midpoint with gestational diabetes. Our data suggest independent contributions of these 2 sleep characteristics to the risk for gestational diabetes in nulliparous women.
Pregnancy and diabetic retinopathy.; Diabetic retinopathy can be expected to progress during the term of pregnancy. A retrospective study indicated that photocoagulation was successful in preserving vision in 70 to 80% of 30 pregnant diabetic patients as well as in a similar group of nonpregnant patients with juvenile-onset diabetes. Proliferative diabetic retinopathy, in and of itself, is not an absolute indication for therapeutic abortion.
Kidney Disease in Women With Previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Nationwide Register-Based Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and incident kidney disease, the mediating effects of diabetes and hypertension, and the impact of severity of metabolic dysfunction during pregnancy on the risk of incident kidney disease were investigated in this study. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This Danish, nationwide, register-based cohort study included all women giving birth between 1997 and 2018. Outcomes included chronic kidney disease (CKD) and acute kidney disease, based on diagnosis codes. Cox regression analyses explored the association between GDM and kidney disease. A proxy for severity of metabolic dysfunction during pregnancy was based on GDM diagnosis and insulin treatment during GDM in pregnancy and was included in the models as an interaction term. The mediating effects of subsequent diabetes and hypertension prior to kidney disease were quantified using mediation analyses. RESULTS: Data from 697,622 women were used. Median follow-up was 11.9 years. GDM was associated with higher risk of CKD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.92; 95% CI 1.67-2.21), whereas acute kidney disease was unrelated to GDM. The proportions of indirect effects of diabetes and hypertension on the association between GDM and CKD were 75.7% (95% CI 61.8-89.6) and 30.3% (95% CI 25.2-35.4), respectively, as assessed by mediation analyses. The CKD risk was significantly increased in women with insulin-treated GDM and no subsequent diabetes compared with women without GDM (aHR 2.35; 95% CI 1.39-3.97). CONCLUSIONS: The risk of CKD was significantly elevated after GDM irrespective of subsequent development of diabetes and hypertension. Furthermore, women with severe metabolic dysfunction during pregnancy had the highest CKD risk.
Infants of diabetic mothers: radiographic manifestations.; The radiographic findings of a series of infants of diabetic mothers and a review of the literature are presented to illustrate the wide spectrum of abnormalities that may be seen with this condition. Congenital anomalies of the spine and skeletal, genitourinary, and cardiovascular systems and visceral situs inversus are significantly more frequent among infants of diabetic mothers than normal. The most specific anomaly is sacral agenesis. Renal vein thrombosis and adrenal hemorrhage are also more common and may be diagnosed by sonography. Over one-half of the cases of the small left colon are associated with maternal diabetes and may be diagnosed and treated with a contrast enema. The incidence of the respiratory distress syndrome is higher in infants of diabetic mothers than other premature infants, and the disease may occur in the presence of reliable indicators of lung maturity. Other common causes of dyspnea include cardiomyopathy, congenital heart disease, wet lung syndrome, hyperviscosity syndrome, and persistence of fetal circulation. Echocardiography is the most valuable adjunct in differentiating cardiac from pulmonary problems.
Maternal Cognitive Impairment Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-A Review of Potential Contributing Mechanisms.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries many risks, where high blood pressure, preeclampsia and future type II diabetes are widely acknowledged, but less focus has been placed on its effect on cognitive function. Although the multifactorial pathogenesis of maternal cognitive impairment is not completely understood, it shares several features with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this review, we discuss some key pathophysiologies of GDM that may lead to cognitive impairment, specifically hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and neuroinflammation. We explain how these incidents: (i) impair the insulin-signaling pathway and/or (ii) lead to cognitive impairment through hyperphosphorylation of τ protein, overexpression of amyloid-β and/or activation of microglia. The aforementioned pathologies impair the insulin-signaling pathway primarily through serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substances (IRS). This then leads to the inactivation of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT) signaling cascade, which is responsible for maintaining brain homeostasis and normal cognitive functioning. PI3K/AKT is crucial in maintaining normal cognitive function through the inactivation of glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSκ3β), which hyperphosphorylates τ protein and releases pro-inflammatory cytokines that are neurotoxic. Several biomarkers were also highlighted as potential biomarkers of GDM-related cognitive impairment such as AGEs, serine-phosphorylated IRS-1 and inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), leptin, interleukin 1β (IL-1β), and IL-6. Although GDM is a transient disease, its complications may be long-term, and hence increased mechanistic knowledge of the molecular changes contributing to cognitive impairment may provide important clues for interventional strategies.
Assessing Pregnancy, Gestational Complications, and Co-morbidities in Women With Congenital Heart Defects (Data from ICD-9-CM Codes in 3 US Surveillance Sites).; Improved treatment of congenital heart defects (CHDs) has resulted in women with CHDs living to childbearing age. However, no US population-based systems exist to estimate pregnancy frequency or complications among women with CHDs. Cases were identified in multiple data sources from 3 surveillance sites: Emory University (EU) whose catchment area included 5 metropolitan Atlanta counties; Massachusetts Department of Public Health (MA) whose catchment area was statewide; and New York State Department of Health (NY) whose catchment area included 11 counties. Cases were categorized into one of 5 mutually exclusive CHD severity groups collapsed to severe versus not severe; specific ICD-9-CM codes were used to capture pregnancy, gestational complications, and nongestational co-morbidities in women, age 11 to 50 years, with a CHD-related ICD-9-CM code. Pregnancy, CHD severity, demographics, gestational complications, co-morbidities, and insurance status were evaluated. ICD-9-CM codes identified 26,655 women with CHDs, of whom 5,672 (21.3%, range: 12.8% in NY to 22.5% in MA) had codes indicating a pregnancy. Over 3 years, age-adjusted proportion pregnancy rates among women with severe CHDs ranged from 10.0% to 24.6%, and 14.2% to 21.7% for women with nonsevere CHDs. Pregnant women with CHDs of any severity, compared with nonpregnant women with CHDs, reported more noncardiovascular co-morbidities. Insurance type varied by site and pregnancy status. These US population-based, multisite estimates of pregnancy among women with CHD indicate a substantial number of women with CHDs may be experiencing pregnancy and complications. In conclusion, given the growing adult population with CHDs, reproductive health of women with CHD is an important public health issue.
Gestational weight gain and perinatal outcomes of subgroups of Asian-American women, Texas, 2009.; BACKGROUND: Asian-American subgroups are heterogeneous, but few studies had addressed differences on gestational weight gain (GWG) and perinatal outcomes related to GWG among this growing and diverse population. The purposes of this study were to examine whether Asian-American women are at higher risk of inadequate or excessive GWG and adverse perinatal outcomes than non-Hispanic White (NH-White) women, and to compare those risks among Asian-American subgroups. METHODS: This retrospective study included all singleton births to NH-Asian Indian, Chinese, Filipino, Japanese, Korean, Vietnam, and NH-White women documented in 2009 Texas birth certificate data (N = 150,674). Data were analyzed using the χ(2) test, t test, multinomial logistic regression, and binary logistic regression. Chinese women were the reference group in the comparisons among Asian subgroups. FINDINGS: Asian women had a higher risk of inadequate GWG and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than NH-White women. No difference in the odds of excessive GWG was found among Asian subgroups, although Japanese women had the highest risk of inadequate GWG. After adjusting for confounders, Korean women had the lowest risk of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [AOR], 0.49), whereas Filipino women and Asian Indian had the highest risks of gestational hypertension (AOR, 2.01 and 1.61), cesarean birth (AOR, 1.44 and 1.39), and low birth weight (AOR, 1.94 and 2.51) compared with Chinese women. CONCLUSIONS: These results support the heterogeneity of GWG and perinatal outcomes among Asian-American subgroups. The risks of adverse perinatal outcomes should be carefully evaluated separately among Asian-American subpopulations.
Importance of early complex evaluation in high-risk pregnancy associated to diabetes mellitus. Case presentation and review of the literature.; We report and analyze a case of pregnancy associated with pre-existent diabetes mellitus and fetal congenital anomalies involving neural tube defect (NTD) and congenital heart defect (CHD). We discuss the early antenatal management of such high-risk pregnancies. The clinical course, maternal paraclinic profile and morpho-sonographic investigation of the fetus are described. A 28-year-old pregnant woman with pre-existing diabetes and a pre-pregnancy BMI 31 kg/m², without preconception counseling for optimization of glycemic control was evaluated in our center for first trimester genetic screening at 12 weeks of gestation. Considering a high-risk pregnancy, careful fetal morphological assessment by ultrasound was performed; the extensive examination using high-resolution probes, both by transabdominal and transvaginal approach, found hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) and open spina bifida (OSB). Both anomalies present important difficulties regarding first trimester diagnostic. The couple was informed and chose termination of pregnancy (TOP). We consider that an anomaly scan at 12-13 + 6 gestational weeks by expert operators should be offered to high-risk pregnancies, because it provides the chance to detect the majority of fetal anomalies. This offer for couples the option of an early decision about the management of pregnancy in cases of severe fetal anomalies; postnatal treatment could be discussed as well as TOP and if the latter is chosen, the maternal risk and the potential psychological burden are lowered, as compared with TOP performed in the mid-second trimester.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: genetic factors, epigenetic alterations, and microbial composition.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder, usually diagnosed during the third trimester of pregnancy that usually disappears after delivery. In GDM, the excess of glucose, fatty acids, and amino acids results in foetuses large for gestational age. Hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance accelerate the metabolism, raising the oxygen demand, and creating chronic hypoxia and inflammation. Women who experienced GDM and their offspring are at risk of developing type-2 diabetes, obesity, and other metabolic or cardiovascular conditions later in life. Genetic factors may predispose the development of GDM; however, they do not account for all GDM cases; lifestyle and diet also play important roles in GDM development by modulating epigenetic signatures and the body's microbial composition; therefore, this is a condition with a complex, multifactorial aetiology. In this context, we revised published reports describing GDM-associated single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), DNA methylation and microRNA expression in different tissues (such as placenta, umbilical cord, adipose tissue, and peripheral blood), and microbial composition in the gut, oral cavity, and vagina from pregnant women with GDM, as well as the bacterial composition of the offspring. Altogether, these reports indicate that a number of SNPs are associated to GDM phenotypes and may predispose the development of the disease. However, extrinsic factors (lifestyle, nutrition) modulate, through epigenetic mechanisms, the risk of developing the disease, and some association exists between the microbial composition with GDM in an organ-specific manner. Genes, epigenetic signatures, and microbiota could be transferred to the offspring, increasing the possibility of developing chronic degenerative conditions through postnatal life.
Preterm delivery in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus or chronic hypertension relative to women with uncomplicated pregnancies. The National institute of Child health and Human Development Maternal- Fetal Medicine Units Network.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to compare the rates of indicated and spontaneous preterm delivery among women with chronic hypertension or pregestational diabetes mellitus with the rates among healthy women. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of data from healthy women with singleton gestations enrolled in a prospective observational study for prediction of preterm delivery (control group, n = 2738), women with pregestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin therapy (n = 461), and women with chronic hypertension (n = 761). The two latter groups were enrolled in a randomized multicenter trial for prevention of preeclampsia. The main outcome measures were rates of preterm delivery, either spontaneous (preterm labor or rupture of membranes) or indicated (for maternal or fetal reasons), and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: The overall rates of preterm delivery were significantly higher among women with diabetes mellitus (38%) and hypertension (33.1%) than among control women (13.9%). Rates were also significantly higher for delivery at <35 weeks' gestation. Women with diabetes mellitus had significantly higher rates of both indicated preterm delivery (21.9% vs 3.4%; odds ratio, 8.1; 95% confidence interval, 6.0-10.9) and spontaneous preterm delivery (16.1% vs 10.5%; odds ratio, 1.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-2.2) than did women in the control group. In addition, they had significantly higher rates of both indicated preterm delivery (odds ratio, 4.8; 95% confidence interval, 3.0-7.5) and spontaneous preterm delivery (odds ratio, 2.1; 95% confidence interval, 1.4-3.0) at <35 weeks' gestation than did control women. Compared with control women those with chronic hypertension had higher rates of indicated preterm delivery at both <37 weeks' gestation (21.9% vs 3.4%; odds ratio, 8.1; 95% confidence interval, 6.2-10.6) and at <35 weeks' gestation (12.1% vs 1.6%; odds ratio, 8.2; 95% confidence interval, 5.7-11.9), but there were no differences in rates of spontaneous preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: The increased rate of preterm delivery among women with chronic hypertension relative to control women was primarily an increase in indicated preterm delivery, whereas the rates of both spontaneous and indicated preterm delivery were increased among women with pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Decreased variation of inflammatory markers in gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is a prediabetic state. Sub-clinical inflammation may play a role in the transition from gestational diabetes to type 2 diabetes; the role of the autonomic nervous system as a mediating system has been raised. We aimed to study the association of the sympathetic nervous system and sub-clinical inflammation in women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: We studied 41 Caucasian women with gestational diabetes and 22 healthy pregnant and 14 non-pregnant controls. We assayed plasma noradrenaline, insulin, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, insulin growth factor-1, serum amyloid A, steroid hormone-binding globulin, α-1 acid glycoprotein and cortisol at 2400, 0400 and 0700 h. RESULTS: No differences existed in the concentrations of inflammatory markers between gestational diabetes and normal pregnancy but women with gestational diabetes showed loss of variation in C-reactive protein and serum amyloid A. Levels of hormone-binding globulin were lower in hypertensive compared with normotensive women with gestational diabetes at all time points and lowest at midnight when α-1 acid glycoprotein levels were higher in hypertensive women. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes is associated with loss of natural variation of C-reactive protein and serum amyloid A, suggesting altered modulation of inflammation. Hypertension in gestational diabetes seems not to be associated with higher levels of inflammatory markers other than α-1 acid glycoprotein.
Health-related quality of life (Nottingham Health Profile) of women with normal and pathological pregnancy and during delivery: correlation with clinical variables and self-reported limitations.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy is often associated with changes in the psychological functioning of women. The present study aimed to analyze the incidence of health problems in pregnant mothers and the influence of these problems on their daily functioning using a survey. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study included a total of 232 women aged 19-42 years. The tools used in the study were a self-developed questionnaire and the NHP questionnaire. The study was performed among women with pathological pregnancies and healthy pregnancies who delivered. Women with pathological pregnancies had pregnancy-induced hypertension, fetal hypotrophy, cholestasis, or gestational diabetes mellitus. Women with healthy pregnancies were recruited from the hospital ambulatory and cooperating private practices or during admission for delivery. RESULTS: Group K had significantly lowest "TOTAL" intensity in relation to the other groups. For variable "PROBLEMS," a statistically significant difference was found between group K and group P (p=.001) and between group D and group P. CONCLUSIONS: Every woman may experience a different level of satisfaction with life during pregnancy. This is typically determined by the personality of the given individual, as well as by pregnancy-associated emotions. It is important that health care personnel should provide psychological support and follow individual approach for each pregnant woman.
Low adiponectin in overweight/obese women: association with diabetes during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Overweight/obese (OW/OB) women are at high risk to develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnancy. AIM: To investigate, in pregnant OW/OB women, the longitudinal changes of adiponectin plasma levels, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and to identify if there is any association between adipokines and subsequent development of GDM. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty-two OW/OB normotensive normoglycaemic women at the beginning of pregnancy were studied. Adiponectin, insulin sensitivity (homeostasis model assessment, HOMA) and lipid panel were measured at 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimesters of pregnancy. The bioelectrical impedance to estimate the subject's body composition was also performed. RESULTS: Sixteen OW/OB women developed GDM. There were no significant differences with regard to age, BMI and body composition. Glycaemic and insulinaemic plasma levels, HOMA and lipid panel were comparable in the two groups. Systolic, diastolic and mean blood pressure at the 1st trimester were higher in OW/OB women with GDM (p < 0.05). GDM group showed adiponectin levels significantly lower than control group, at each trimester (p < 0.05). Adiponectin, fat mass, diastolic blood pressure and HOMA are independent predictors of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: OW/OB women who will develop GDM show lower adiponectin than euglycaemic group, across all pregnancy. Furthermore, at first trimester, they showed higher body fat and blood pressure levels than NGT group. Adiponectin, body fat, DBP and HOMA are independent predictors of GDM in OW/OB pregnant women. These results suggest the possibility of using adiponectin as early marker of GDM risk, at least in this cohort of women.
Diabetes and the maternal resistance vasculature.; Diabetes is the most common endocrine disorder worldwide, with complications that include the development of both macro- and micro-vascular disease that contribute significantly to patient morbidity and mortality. The severity of diabetic complications is amplified during pregnancy, resulting in a higher incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes such as pre-eclampsia, placental insufficiency and stillbirth than in non-diabetics. Vascular dysfunction is thought to underlie many of these complications, with the greatest impact occurring at the level of the resistance vasculature, where alterations in vascular reactivity can significantly affect blood flow and tissue perfusion. It is likely that problems associated with diabetic pregnancies are related, in part, to abnormal vascular function, particularly dysfunction of the vascular endothelium.
The Risk of Hypertension and Diabetes Mellitus According to Offspring's Birthweight in Women With Normal Body Mass Index: A Nationwide Population-Based Study.; BACKGROUND: Maladaptation to vascular, metabolic, and physiological changes during pregnancy can lead to fetal growth disorders. Moreover, adverse outcomes during pregnancy can further increase the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in mothers. Delivering a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) baby may indicate a pre-existing metabolic dysfunction, whereas delivering a small-for-gestational-age (SGA) baby may indicate a pre-existing vascular dysfunction. This study aims to assess the risk of hypertension (HTN) and diabetes mellitus (DM) in women with normal body mass index (BMI) scores who did not experience gestational DM or hypertensive disorders during pregnancy based on the offspring's birthweight. METHODS: This retrospective nationwide study included women with normal BMI scores who delivered a singleton baby after 37 weeks. Women with a history of DM or HTN before pregnancy and those with gestational DM or hypertensive disorders, were excluded from the study. We compared the risk of future maternal outcomes (HTN and DM) according to the offspring's birthweight. Multivariate analyses were performed to estimate the hazard ratio (HR) for the future risk of HTN or DM. RESULTS: A total of 64,037 women were included in the analysis. Of these, women who delivered very LGA babies (birthweight > 97th percentile) were at a higher risk of developing DM than those who delivered appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) babies (adjusted HR = 1.358 [1.068-1.727]), and women who delivered very SGA babies (birthweight < 3rd percentile) were at a higher risk of developing HTN than those who delivered AGA babies (adjusted HR = 1.431 [1.181-1.734]), even after adjusting for age, parity, gestational age at delivery, fetal sex, maternal BMI score, and a history of smoking. CONCLUSION: These findings provide a novel support for the use of the offspring's birthweight as a predictor of future maternal diseases such as HTN and DM.
[Study on the variation of platelet function in pregnancy induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the platelet activity and function in pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Twenty-one patients with GDM and 23 patients with PIH in third-trimester were included. Twenty normal pregnant women in third-trimester served as controls. Platelet count (PC), mean platelet volume (MPV) were determined on Cell-DYN 1600 and the expression of CD62P was analyzed on FACSC alibur. RESULTS: (1) PC was (181 +/- 56) x 10(9)/L in PIH, (206 +/- 60) x 10(9)/L in GDM and (229 +/- 56) x 10(9)/L in controls, respectively. PC in PIH was lower than that of controls (P < 0.01), but there was no significant difference between GDM and controls. (2) MPV was (11.2 +/- 2.0) fl in PIH, significantly higher than that of controls (8.7 +/- 1.6) fl (P < 0.001). In GDM, MPV was (9.5 +/- 1.6) fl, without significant difference compared with that of controls. (3) The expression of CD62P increased significantly in PIH compared with controls [CD62P: (42 +/- 13)% vs (26 +/- 7)%, P < 0.001; CD62P(I): 109 +/- 39 vs 75 +/- 13, P < 0.01]. In GDM, the expression of CD62P also increased significantly compared with the normal pregnancy [CD62P(%): (42 +/- 14)% vs (26 +/- 7), P < 0.001; CD62P(I): 100 +/- 42 vs 75 +/- 13, P < 0.05]. (4) All parameters had no significant difference between PIH and GDM. CONCLUSION: Platelet activity is enhanced in PIH and GDM. It may play an important role in the pathogenesis and development of the two diseases.
Diabetes in pregnancy and infant adiposity: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal glycaemia and anthropometry-derived newborn adiposity are strongly correlated. The children of mothers with diabetes are at greater risk of adverse metabolic health, and increased adiposity is a plausible mediator. We undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare adiposity in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) and infants of mothers without diabetes (NIDM). DESIGN: We identified observational studies reporting adiposity in IDM and NIDM. We searched references, traced forward citations and contacted authors for additional data. We considered all body composition techniques and compared fat mass, fat-free mass, body fat % and skinfold thickness. We used random effects meta-analyses and performed subgroup analyses by maternal diabetes type (type 1, type 2 and gestational) and infant sex. We examined the influence of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and conducted sensitivity analyses. RESULTS: We included data from 35 papers and over 24 000 infants. IDM have greater fat mass than NIDM (mean difference (95% CI)): 83 g (49 to 117). Fat mass is greater in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes: 62 g (29 to 94) and type 1 diabetes: 268 g (139 to 397). Insufficient studies reported data for type 2 diabetes separately. Compared with NIDM, fat mass was greater in IDM boys: 87 g (30 to 145), but not significantly different in IDM girls: 42 g (-33 to 116). There was no attenuation after adjustment for maternal BMI. CONCLUSIONS: IDM have significantly greater adiposity in comparison with NIDM. These findings are justification for studies to determine whether measures to reduce infant adiposity will improve later health.
Impaired vascular reactivity in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the vascular function of pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, using a noninvasive method. STUDY DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study that examined vascular function, which was assessed by flow-mediated dilatation of the brachial artery, in 37 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and in 37 healthy pregnant women at 20 weeks of gestation. The control of diabetes was also assessed by the measurement of glycosylated hemoglobin. Data were analyzed by 2-sided unpaired t test and multivariate regression analysis. RESULTS: In the pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, flow-mediated dilatation of the brachial artery was significantly lower than in healthy pregnant women (6.43% +/- 3.66% vs 9.43% +/- 3.69%, respectively; P =.0008). This difference was apparent even after an adjustment was made for blood vessel diameter, which was different between the 2 populations (P =.01). Flow-mediated dilatation in diabetic women was significantly correlated with the duration of diabetes (P =.01) but not with the levels of glycosylated hemoglobin. CONCLUSION: Maternal insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is associated with an impaired vasodilatory response to a blood flow stimulus. This vascular dysfunction is associated with the duration of the diabetes.
Trends of change in the individual contribution of risk factors for small for gestational age over more than 2 decades.; PURPOSE: Over the past years, the prevalence of various risk factors for small for gestational age (SGA) neonates has changed. Little is known if there was also a change in the specific contribution of these risk factors to the prevalence of SGA. We aim to identify trends in the specific contribution of various risk factors for SGA by observing their odds ratios (ORs) throughout different time periods. METHODS: A nested case-control study was conducted. The ORs for selected known risk factors for SGA occurring in three consecutive 8-year intervals between 1988 and 2014 (T1 - 1988-1996; T2 - 1997-2005; T3 - 2006-2014) were compared. Data were retrieved from the medical centre's computerized perinatal database. Multivariable logistic regression models were constructed and ORs were compared to identify the specific contribution of independent risk factors for SGA along the study period. RESULTS: During the study period, 285,992 pregnancies met the study's inclusion criteria, of which 15,013 (5.25%) were SGA. Between 1988 and 2014, the incidence of SGA increased from 2.6% in 1988 to 2.9% in 2014. Using logistic regression models, nulliparity, maternal age, gestational age, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, oligohydramnios and pre-gestational diabetes mellitus were found to be independently associated with SGA. While the adjusted ORs (aOR) of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and pre-gestational diabetes mellitus had increased, aORs for nulliparity, maternal age and gestational age had remained stable over time. Oligohydramnios had demonstrated a mixed trend of change over the time. CONCLUSION: In our study, the specific contribution of factors associated with SGA had changed over time. Having a better understating of the changes in the specific contribution of different risk factors for SGA may enable obstetricians to provide consultations.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of metabolic syndrome: a population-based study in Lausanne, Switzerland.; AIMS: To investigate the relationships between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and the metabolic syndrome (MS), as it was suggested that insulin resistance was the hallmark of both conditions. To analyse post-partum screening in order to identify risk factors for the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: A retrospective analysis of all singleton pregnancies diagnosed with GDM at the Lausanne University Hospital for 3 consecutive years. Pre-pregnancy obesity, hypertension and dyslipidaemia were recorded as constituents of the MS. RESULTS: For 5788 deliveries, 159 women (2.7%) with GDM were identified. Constituents of the MS were present before GDM pregnancy in 26% (n = 37/144): 84% (n = 31/37) were obese, 38% (n = 14/37) had hypertension and 22% (n = 8/37) had dyslipidaemia. Gestational hypertension was associated with obesity (OR = 3.2, P = 0.02) and dyslipidaemia (OR = 5.4, P=0.002). Seventy-four women (47%) returned for post-partum OGTT, which was abnormal in 20 women (27%): 11% (n = 8) had type 2 diabetes and 16% (n = 12) had impaired glucose tolerance. Independent predictors of abnormal glucose tolerance in the post-partum were: having > 2 abnormal values on the diagnostic OGTT during pregnancy and presenting MS constituents (OR = 5.2, CI 1.8-23.2 and OR = 5.3, CI 1.3-22.2). CONCLUSIONS: In one fourth of GDM pregnancies, metabolic abnormalities precede the appearance of glucose intolerance. These women have a high risk of developing the MS and type 2 diabetes in later years. Where GDM screening is not universal, practitioners should be aware of those metabolic risks in every pregnant woman presenting with obesity, hypertension or dyslipidaemia, in order to achieve better diagnosis and especially better post-partum follow-up and treatment.
Type 2 diabetes and pregnancy.; Type 2 diabetes is a growing concern, with the number of new cases increasing and occurring at a younger age due to obesity. Consequently the number of cases arising in women of child-bearing age is increasing, and the condition will be encountered more frequently in the antenatal clinic. Type 2 diabetes is often perceived as a benign form of diabetes, but this is not the case when one examines pregnancy outcomes. Rates of perinatal mortality (25/1000) and congenital malformation (99/1000) are significantly greater than those in background populations and at least as poor as those in type 1 diabetes. The rates of hypertension, pre-eclampsia and postpartum haemorrhage are greater than the general maternity population, as is the rate of operative delivery. To improve outcomes we need to dispel the myth that type 2 diabetes is a benign condition. Educational programmes, population screening, and strategies to help vulnerable groups access the services available will increase our ability to identify and counsel women with type 2 diabetes early enough to make a difference.
The effect of maternal hypothermia on the fetal heart rate.; Fetal bradycardia is a recognized response to maternal hypothermia but has not previously been reported in conjunction with diabetes. A 30-year-old insulin-dependent diabetic was admitted at 35 weeks gestation for control of her diabetes. She developed maternal hypothermia and hypoglycemia and the fetal heart rate fell to 100 beats per minute (b.p.m.). However, the fetal heart rate gradually returned to normal after rewarming the patient.
Placental MFSD2a transporter is related to decreased DHA in cord blood of women with treated gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Maternal-fetal transfer of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is impaired by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the underlying mechanisms are still unknown. MFSD2a was recently recognized as a lyso-phospholipid (lyso-PL) transporter that facilitates DHA accretion in brain. The role of this transporter in placenta is uncertain. We evaluated effects of GDM and its treatment (diet or insulin) on phospholipid species, fatty acid profile in women, cord blood and placental fatty acid carriers. METHODS: Prospective observational study of pregnant women recruited in the third trimester (25 controls, 23 GDM-diet, 20 GDM-insulin). Fetal ultrasound was performed at gestational week 38. At delivery, maternal and neonatal anthropometry was performed, and fatty acids in total lipids and phospholipid species were analyzed in placenta, maternal and venous cord blood. Western-blot analyses were performed for placental fatty acid carriers. RESULTS: Fetal abdominal circumference z-score at 38 weeks tended to higher values in GDM (P = 0.071), pointing toward higher fetal fat accretion in these babies. DHA percentage in cord serum total lipids (P = 0.029) and lyso-PL (P = 0.169) were reduced in GDM. Placental MFSD2a was reduced in both GDM groups and was positively correlated to DHA values in cord serum total lipids (r = 0.388, P = 0.003). Among established placental lipid carriers, only FATP4 was correlated to DHA concentration in placental lyso-PL. In all compartments, DHA percentage was inversely correlated to fetal abdominal circumference. CONCLUSIONS: In offspring of women with GDM treated either with diet or insulin, higher fetal fat accretion and lower placental MFSD2a contribute to reduce DHA availability. Lyso-PL appear to contribute to materno-fetal DHA transport.
Gestational Diabetes Type 2: Variation in High-Density Lipoproteins Composition and Function.; Aims: Class A2 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDMA2) has short- and long-term effects on the mother and child. These may include abnormalities of placentation, damage to endothelial cells and cardiovascular disease. This research investigated the function and composition of high-density lipoproteins (HDL) among women with GDMA2 and their fetuses. Methods: Thirty pregnant women were recruited during admission for delivery. The function and expression of HDL, paraoxonase1 (PON1) and apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1) in the blood samples and the placental tissue were evaluated. The effect of HDL on migration of endothelial cells was measured in vitro. Results: Compared to normal pregnancy (NP), APOA1 in the maternal plasma of women with GDMA2 was decreased. More APOA1 and PON1 were released from HDL of women with GDMA2, compared to NP. Placental APOA1 and PON1 were decreased in GDMA2. For endothelial cells stimulated with TNFα, HDL cell migration was decreased when cells were evaluated with NP-HDL, as compared to GDMA2-HDL. Conclusions: GDMA2 affects the composition and function of HDL in plasma. Changes in HDL commonly seen in GDMA2 were observed in maternal and placental samples, but not in cord samples. These results might indicate a placental role in protecting the fetus by preserving the components and functions of HDL and require further investigation.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on bone mineral density and fracture risk: Analysis of the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) population-based study.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy complication. This study aims to investigate the association between a history of GDM and bone mineral density (BMD), fractures, and falls in later life. STUDY DESIGN: We used data from the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) where BMD at calcaneum was measured at second health check (1997-2000) using broadband ultrasound attenuation (BUA) and velocity of sound (VOS) in 7,515 women. Fractures and falls were documented from hospital admissions data via linkage with ENCORE (East Norfolk Commission Record) and history of GDM from health questionnaires at baseline. We examined the relationship between GDM and BUA/VOS using linear regression. Cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident fractures and falls, controlling for age, BMI, smoking status, physical activity, area deprivation, self-reported stroke, use of diuretics, calcium and vitamin D supplements, social class and education, statin and total blood cholesterol, prevalent diabetes, hormone therapy and menopausal status. RESULTS: History of GDM (n = 183) was not statistically significantly associated with BUA/VOS in fully adjusted linear regression models with unstandardised beta coefficients (standard error): -0.37 (1.40) and -5.41 (3.48). GDM was significantly (p < 0.05) associated with risk of hip and all fractures, fully adjusted HRs(95 %CI) 2.46(1.54-3.92) and 1.60(1.09-2.35), respectively. Median follow-up from first live birth to date of admission was 53 and 52 years, respectively. CONCLUSION: There was an association between history of GDM and risk of any fracture as well as hip fracture specifically. Further research is required to confirm this.
Development, validation, and clinical utility of a risk prediction model for recurrent preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVES: We aim to establish a predictive model for recurrent preeclampsia. METHODS: A retrospective review of medical records from three hospitals between 2010 and 2021 was conducted. The study included women who had two consecutive singleton deliveries at the same hospital, with the first delivery complicated by preeclampsia. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed using a training cohort, and subsequently cross-validated and tested using an independent cohort. The model's performance was assessed in terms of discrimination and calibration, and its clinical utility was evaluated using decision curve analysis (DCA). RESULTS: Among 296 405 deliveries, 694 women met the inclusion criteria, with 151 (21.8%) experiencing recurrent preeclampsia. The predictive model incorporated 10 risk factors from previous preeclampsia, including gestational weeks with elevated blood pressure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pericardial effusion, heart failure, limb edema, serum creatinine, white blood cell count, low platelet counts within one week before delivery, SBP on the first postpartum day, and postpartum antihypertensive use. Additionally, one risk factor from the index pregnancy was included, which was antihypertensive use before 20 weeks. The model demonstrated better discrimination, calibration, and a net benefit across a wide range of recurrent preeclampsia risk thresholds. Furthermore, the model has been translated into a clinical risk calculator, enabling clinicians to calculate individualized risks of recurrent preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates that a predictive tool utilizing routine clinical and laboratory factors can accurately estimate the risk of recurrent preeclampsia. This predictive model has the potential to facilitate shared decision-making by providing personalized and risk-stratified care.
A case of accelerated development of proliferative diabetic retinopathy in a woman with type 2 diabetes mellitus after pregnancy.; Whilst it is recognised that diabetic retinopathy is a consequence of prolonged elevation of blood glucose levels, recent studies suggest rapid normalisation of blood sugar as a causal factor in accelerating its development. In this case report, a non-insulin dependent diabetic with poor blood glucose control but no retinopathy in early pregnancy had normalisation of glucose control by the third trimester. However, glucose control deteriorated rapidly postnatally, and she had a sudden blurring of vision three months after delivery of her baby, at which time severe proliferative diabetic retinopathy was diagnosed. The reason for the unusually rapid development of proliferative retinopathy was uncertain, but appeared to have a temporal association with the deterioration of her glycaemic control postnatal after a period of strict diabetes control in the perinatal period.
Functional link between adenosine and insulin: a hypothesis for fetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a syndrome compromising the health of the mother and the fetus. Endothelial damage and reduced metabolism of the vasodilator adenosine occur and fetal hyperinsulinemia associated with deficient insulin response and a metabolic rather than mitogenic phenotype is characteristic of this pathology. These phenomena lead to endothelial dysfunction of the fetoplacental unit. Major databases were searched for the relevant literature in the field. Special attention was placed on publications related with diabetes and hormone/metabolic disorders. We aimed to summarize the information regarding insulin sensitivity changes in GDM and the role of adenosine in this phenomenon. Evidence supporting the possibility that fetal endothelial dysfunction involves a functional link between adenosine and insulin signaling in the fetal endothelium from GDM pregnancies is summarized. Since insulin acts via membrane receptors type A (preferentially associated with mitogenic responses) or type B (preferentially associated with metabolic responses), a differential activation of these receptors in this syndrome is proposed.
Role of equilibrative adenosine transporters and adenosine receptors as modulators of the human placental endothelium in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a diseases that alters human placenta macro and microvascular reactivity as a result of endothelial dysfunction. The human placenta is a highly vascularized organ which lacks innervation, so blood flux is governed by locally released vasoactive molecules, including the endogenous nucleoside adenosine and the free radical nitric oxide (NO). Altered adenosine metabolism and uptake by the endothelium leads to increased NO synthesis which then turns-off the expression of genes coding for a family of nucleoside membrane transporters belonging to equilibrative nucleoside transporters, particularly isoforms 1 (hENT1) and 2 (hENT2). This mechanism leads to increased extracellular adenosine and, as a consequence, activation of adenosine receptors to further sustain a tonic activation of NO synthesis. This is a phenomenon that seems operative in the placental macro and microvascular endothelium in GDM. We here summarize the findings available in the literature regarding these mechanisms in the human feto-placental circulation. This phenomenon is altered in the feto-placental vasculature, which could be crucial for understanding GDM deleterious effects in fetal growth and development.
A cautionary response to SMFM statement: pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes.; Use of oral agents to treat gestational diabetes mellitus remains controversial. Recent recommendations from the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine assert that metformin may be a safe first-line alternative to insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus treatment and preferable to glyburide. However, several issues should give pause to the widespread adoption of metformin use during pregnancy. Fetal concentrations of metformin are equal to maternal, and metformin can inhibit growth, suppress mitochondrial respiration, have epigenetic modifications on gene expression, mimic fetal nutrient restriction, and alter postnatal gluconeogenic responses. Because both the placenta and fetus express metformin transporters and exhibit high mitochondrial activity, these properties raise important questions about developmental programming of metabolic disease in offspring. Animal studies have demonstrated that prenatal metformin exposure results in adverse long-term outcomes on body weight and metabolism. Two recent clinical randomized controlled trials in women with gestational diabetes mellitus or polycystic ovary syndrome provide evidence that metformin exposure in utero may produce a metabolic phenotype that increases childhood weight or obesity. These developmental programming effects challenge the conclusion that metformin is equivalent to insulin. Although the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine statement endorsed metformin over glyburide if oral agents are used, there are few studies directly comparing the 2 agents and it is not clear that metformin alone is superior to glyburide. Moreover, it should be noted that prior clinical studies have dosed glyburide in a manner inconsistent with its pharmacokinetic properties, resulting in poor glycemic control and high rates of maternal hypoglycemia. We concur with the American Diabetes Association and American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which recommend insulin as the preferred agent, but we believe that it is premature to embrace metformin as equivalent to insulin or superior to glyburide. Due to the uncertainty of the long-term metabolic risks of either metformin or glyburide, we call for carefully controlled studies that optimize oral medication dosing according to their pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties in pregnancy, appropriately target medications based on individual patterns of hyperglycemia, and follow the offspring long-term for metabolic risk.
Cardiac Troponin T in Neonates from Normal and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnancy.; This study is aimed at testing the hypothesis that serum analysis of high-sensitivity troponin T in neonates may serve as a diagnostic tool to predict the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). 86 newborns were studied and stratified into two groups: healthy group; newborns with body weight ≥ 10th percentile, born in good condition (APG 8-10pts) of pregnancy not complicated by diabetes, and the GDM group; neonates born to mothers with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Results. The study revealed minimal troponin levels in GDM, and healthy groups equal to 0.02 ng/mL and 0.028 ng/mL, respectively. The GDM group is defined by an interquartile range of hs-TnT higher than the healthy group. This study confirms previously reported upper levels of troponin in healthy children. There are possible health problems that can appear during infancy and influence the further development of a child affected by GDM.
Maternal Midpregnancy Glucose Levels and Risk of Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring.; IMPORTANCE: There is a well-described association between maternal diabetes mellitus and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. Although the clinical diagnoses of type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes are strong risk factors for CHD, subclinical abnormalities of glucose and insulin metabolism are common within the general population and could also confer risk for CHD. We hypothesize that continuous measures of blood analytes related to maternal diabetes are related to odds of cardiac malformations. OBJECTIVE: To explore the potential association of 2 different CHD phenotypes in offspring with maternal midpregnancy measures of glucose and insulin. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Case-control study from a population-based cohort of 277 pregnant women in southern and central California carrying infants with tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) (n = 55), dextrotransposition of the great arteries (dTGA) (n = 42), or healthy infants without CHD (n = 180). Serum samples were collected from 2003 through 2007. The analysis was conducted from March through June 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Blood analytes related to maternal glucose metabolism were measured from random nonfasting second-trimester blood samples. We measured serum insulin levels by a validated radioimmunoassay, and we measured glucose levels. Multivariable logistic regression models estimated the association between these levels and case status. RESULTS: Serum glucose values were elevated in the maternal samples for offspring with TOF (median, 97.0 mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0555]) relative to controls (median, 91.5 mg/dL) (P = .01, Wilcoxon rank sum test), a phenomenon not observed in the maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 90.0 mg/dL) relative to controls (P = .18, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Serum insulin levels were significantly different between controls (median, 18.8 μIU/mL [to convert to picomoles per liter, multiply by 6.945]) and maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 13.1 μIU/mL; P = .048, Wilcoxon rank sum test) but not with TOF (median, 14.3 μIU/mL; P = .35, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Relative to maternal blood glucose levels of infants without cardiac malformations, we observed that maternal blood glucose levels in models including insulin were strongly associated with odds of TOF (adjusted odds ratio = 7.54; 95% CI, 2.30-24.69) but not with dTGA (adjusted odds ratio = 1.16; 95% CI, 0.28-4.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These results represent a direct correlation of glucose as a continuous variable to odds of specific cardiac malformations. The association between serum glucose and odds of TOF indicates the need for additional epidemiological and mechanistic investigations into the risk conferred by insulin signaling and glucose metabolism during early pregnancy.
Maternal fasting glucose levels throughout the pregnancy and risk of adverse birth outcomes in newborns: a birth cohort study in Foshan city, Southern China.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to investigate the associations between maternal fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels and glycemic fluctuations during different trimesters and adverse birth outcomes among newborns. METHODS: This cohort study used data from 63 213 pregnant women and their offspring in Foshan city from November 2015 to January 2019. Associations between maternal FPG and glycemic fluctuations during different trimesters and adverse birth outcomes [congenital heart defect (CHD), macrosomia, small/large for gestational age (SGA/LGA), and preterm birth (PTB)] in newborns were estimated using mixed-effects logistic regression models. RESULTS: A total of 45 516 participants accepted at least one FPG test throughout pregnancy, and 7852 of whom had glycemic trajectory data. In the adjusted model, higher maternal FPG throughout the pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of adverse birth outcomes (except for SGA). Each 1 mmol/L increase in maternal FPG during trimester 1 was associated with higher odds of CHD (OR = 1.14 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.26)). The same increase in maternal FPG during trimester 3 was associated with a higher risk of PTB (OR = 1.05 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.10)). Increment of maternal FPG during trimester 2 and trimester 3 was associated with a higher risk of macrosomia and LGA. Increase in FPG throughout the pregnancy was associated with slightly lower odds of SGA. Similar results were observed when analyzing the associations between glycemic fluctuations during different trimesters and adverse birth outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate higher maternal FPG levels during different trimesters were associated with different adverse birth outcomes, which suggests the importance of glycemic management throughout the pregnancy.
Association of Maternal History of Spontaneous Abortion and Stillbirth With Risk of Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring of Women With vs Without Type 2 Diabetes.; IMPORTANCE: The associations of maternal history of spontaneous abortion (SA) and stillbirth with congenital heart disease (CHD) remain elusive. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the associations of maternal history of pregnancy loss with CHD in offspring and the role of maternal type 2 diabetes. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study included singleton live offspring born between January 1, 1977, and December 31, 2016, identified through Danish national health registries. Statistical analysis was performed from October 1, 2019, through September 1, 2021. EXPOSURES: Maternal history of SA, with frequency varying from 1 or 2 to 3 or more episodes, and maternal history of single and multiple stillbirths. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Overall CHD identified by hospital diagnosis. Cox proportional hazard regression was used to estimate the hazard ratio (HR) of CHD. Diabetes was evaluated as a potential confounder and a potential effect modifier. RESULTS: Among 1 642 534 included offspring (mean [SD] age, 14.11 [8.39] years; 843 265 male [51.35%]), 246 669 (15.02%) were born to mothers with a history of SA and 9750 (0.59%) were born to mothers with a history of stillbirth. The HRs of CHD were 1.16 (95% CI, 1.13-1.20) for offspring with a maternal history of SA and 1.49 (95% CI, 1.32-1.68) for offspring with a maternal history of stillbirth. Significant dose-response associations were observed among offspring with a maternal history of 3 or more episodes of SA (HR, 1.60; 95% CI, 1.39-1.84) and those with maternal history of multiple stillbirths (HR, 2.75; 95% CI, 1.63-4.65). If only inpatient CHD cases were included, the risk of CHD was higher than that found in the main analysis, with HRs of 1.24 (95% CI, 1.19-1.30) for maternal history of SA and 1.78 (95% CI, 1.51-2.11) for maternal history of stillbirth. The observed associations were strengthened by maternal prepregnancy type 2 diabetes (HR for maternal history of SA, 1.65 [95% CI, 1.37-1.97]; HR for maternal history of stillbirth, 1.74 [95% CI, 1.06-2.85]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that offspring born to mothers with a previous SA or stillbirth, especially multiple episodes, or with prepregnancy type 2 diabetes were at a higher risk of being diagnosed with CHD. These findings may help identify women at increased risk in whom detailed fetal heart assessment may be cost-effective and highlight the importance of screening for type 2 diabetes in women of reproductive age.
Prenatal Diabetes and Obesity: Implications for Autism Spectrum Disorders in Offspring - A Comprehensive Review.; Fetal brain development is an important determinant of neuropsychological performance in children. Any alterations in the intrauterine environment at different stages of pregnancy, such as maternal metabolic disorders, can lead to the development of chronic conditions in the offspring. Therefore, maternal diabetes, especially gestational diabetes mellitus, is an important factor in the development of pathological changes, such as miscarriage, fetal macrosomia, or neurodevelopmental disorders. During pregnancy, the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment adversely affects fetal brain development. A growing body of scientific research indicates that prenatal environmental factors, by affecting fetal brain development, can contribute to the appearance of autism spectrum disorders. According to the latest estimates from the International Diabetes Federation (2021), approximately 21.1 million live births worldwide (16.7%) have been affected by some form of hyperglycemia during pregnancy. The condition is more prevalent in low- and middle-income countries, where access to obstetric care is limited. The following factors have been identified as potential risk factors for gestational diabetes: advanced maternal age, overweight and obesity, family history of diabetes, and any form of diabetes. The purpose of this review is to summarize recent studies evaluating the effect of prenatal and maternal risk factors such as maternal pre-pregnancy diabetes, gestational diabetes, and obesity on the risk of developing autism spectrum disorder in offspring.
Concurrence of gestational diabetes and pre-gravid obesity ("diabesity") in twin gestations.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of the concurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-gravid obesity in twin gestations ("diabesity"). METHODS: We compared perinatal outcomes of twin gestation in mothers with GDM and pre-gravid obesity (1.7%), mothers with GDM but with normal BMI (6.2%), and obese mothers without GDM (7.0%). RESULTS: Twin pregnancies with "diabesity" were associated with significantly higher incidence of stillbirth (OR = 6.4; 95%CI = 1.4, 33.4) and existing chronic hypertension (OR = 4.2; 95%CI = 1.2, 14.8) than in GDM pregnancies without obesity, and with births at 33-36 weeks as compared with the other groups. Otherwise, the comparisons showed remarkable similar results in terms of gestational age, birth weight, preeclampsia, cesarean section rate, and fetal-neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: It appears that diabesity has a relatively minor effect in twins. If this will be confirmed by other studies, it would be important to elucidate how twins ameliorate the adverse outcomes of diabesity.
[The influence of pregnancy on progression of diabetic retinopathy].; PURPOSE: Pregnancy is considered an important risk factor of the development and progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR). The aim of the study was to assess whether retinal changes tend to progress during pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 136 women with type 1 diabetes were enrolled to this 3 years prospective study. The patients were divided according to White's scale into the following classes: B (n=76), C (n=34), D (n=24), R (n=2). Before conception and during pregnancy the patients were treated with intensive insulin therapy to achieve optimal metabolic control. Ophthalmic examination was performed before planned conception, in each trimester of the pregnancy and after delivery. RESULTS: No pathologies were discovered with fundoscopy in all the women belonging to class B, in 22 women from class C and in 4 women from class D. No progression of diabetic retinopathy was observed during the entire period of observation in 12 women from class C and in 20 from class D with nonproliferative DR in the first examination. In 3 women from class C progression of DR were observed in the second trimester with partial improvement after delivery. Visual acuity in these patients also deteriorated. Proliferative DR diagnosed in 2 patients from class R at the beginning of the observation, progressed during the pregnancy to diminish after delivery. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy does not influence significantly the progression of pre-existing diabetic retinopathy, provided that proper metabolic control is achieved and patients are subject to systematic ophthalmological control.
Influences of pre- and postnatal nutritional exposures on vascular/endocrine systems in animals.; Human epidemiological and animal studies have revealed the long-term effects of malnutrition during gestation and early life on the health of the offspring. The aim of the current review is to survey the different means of achieving fetal malnutrition and its consequences, mainly in animals, and to identify key areas in which to direct future research. We address the impact of various models of a maternal protein-restricted diet and global maternal caloric restriction (either through the reduction of nutrient supply or through mechanic devices), the influence of maternal diabetes, and other maternal causes of fetal damage (maternal infections and toxic food components). More specifically, we enumerate data on how the different insults at different prenatal and early postnatal periods affect and program the development and the function of organs involved in diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Particular emphasis is given to the endocrine pancreas, but insulin-sensitive tissues, kidneys, and vasculature are also analyzed. Where available, the protective effects of maternal food supplementation for fetal organ development and function are discussed. Specific attention is paid to the amino acids profile, and the preventive role of taurine is discussed. Tentative indications about critical time windows for fetal development under different deleterious conditions are presented whenever possible. We also discuss future research and intervention.
Fetal heart rate patterns in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the fetal heart rate (FHR) pattern between fetuses of well controlled diabetic and non diabetic mothers using a computerized analysis of FHR. STUDY DESIGN: Weekly fetal surveillance was performed in 99 fetuses of mothers with diabetes class A, 21 fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R, and 55 fetuses of non-diabetic women, starting at 30 weeks' gestation. All diabetic patients were well controlled. Fetal surveillance included a computerized analysis of the FHR, umbilical and uterine Doppler velocimetry, and a biophysical profile. Changes of FHR variation, frequency of FHR accelerations, and umbilical and uterine Doppler velocimetry were calculated using a regression analysis for each patient. The average slopes and the intercept at 30, 34, and 38 weeks' gestation of these variables were compared among the three groups. RESULTS: The slope of FHR variation and the frequency of accelerations had a lower rate of increase during the third trimester in fetuses of mothers with diabetes class A (0.84 +/- 0.25 ms/week and 0.06 +/- 0.02/20 min/week, respectively) compared with fetuses of non-diabetic mothers (1.34 +/- 0.55 ms/week and 0.5 +/- 0.1/20 min/week, respectively). In fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R, FHR variation did not change with gestation (-0.011 +/- 0.2 ms/week) with a small increase in the frequency of accelerations (0.02 +/- 0.004/20 min/week). While no differences were observed at 30 weeks' gestation, FHR variation and the frequency of accelerations were significantly reduced at 34 weeks' gestation in fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R compared with fetuses of non-diabetic mothers (P < 0.01). At 38 weeks' gestation, fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R and diabetes class A had both significantly reduced FHR variation as well as frequency of accelerations compared with fetuses of non-diabetic mothers (P < 0.01). The rate of decrease of the umbilical and uterine artery S/D ratios were similar among the three groups. CONCLUSIONS: The FHR pattern appears to be different in fetuses of well controlled diabetic mothers when related to fetuses of non-diabetic mothers. Disease specific standards should be considered for interpretation of FHR patterns in diabetic pregnancies.
N-Acetylcysteine prevents congenital heart defects induced by pregestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Pregestational diabetes is a major risk factor of congenital heart defects (CHDs). Glutathione is depleted and reactive oxygen species (ROS) production is elevated in diabetes. In the present study, we aimed to examine whether treatment with N-acetylcysteine (NAC), which increases glutathione synthesis and inhibits ROS production, prevents CHDs induced by pregestational diabetes. METHODS: Female mice were treated with streptozotocin (STZ) to induce pregestational diabetes prior to breeding with normal males to produce offspring. Some diabetic mice were treated with N-acetylcysteine (NAC) in drinking water from E0.5 to the end of gestation or harvesting of the embryos. CHDs were identified by histology. ROS levels, cell proliferation and gene expression in the fetal heart were analyzed. RESULTS: Our data show that pregestational diabetes resulted in CHDs in 58% of the offspring, including ventricular septal defect (VSD), atrial septal defect (ASD), atrioventricular septal defects (AVSD), transposition of great arteries (TGA), double outlet right ventricle (DORV) and tetralogy of Fallot (TOF). Treatment with NAC in drinking water in pregestational diabetic mice completely eliminated the incidence of AVSD, TGA, TOF and significantly diminished the incidence of ASD and VSD. Furthermore, pregestational diabetes increased ROS, impaired cell proliferation, and altered Gata4, Gata5 and Vegf-a expression in the fetal heart of diabetic offspring, which were all prevented by NAC treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with NAC increases GSH levels, decreases ROS levels in the fetal heart and prevents the development of CHDs in the offspring of pregestational diabetes. Our study suggests that NAC may have therapeutic potential in the prevention of CHDs induced by pregestational diabetes.
Gestational diabetes mellitus worsens the profile of cardiometabolic risk markers and decrease indexes of beta-cell function independently of insulin resistance in nondiabetic women with a parental history of type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of both parental type 2 diabetes (pt2DM) and previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) represent a group at high risk of cardiovascular events. We hypothesized that pGDM changes cardiometabolic risk markers levels as well as theirs associations with glucose indices in nondiabetic pt2DM women. METHODS: Anthropometric parameters, glucose regulation (OGTT), insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), beta-cell function, lipid levels, parameters of endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation were evaluated in 55 women with pt2DM, 40 with both pt2DM and pGDM 2-24 months postpartum, and 35 controls. RESULTS: Prediabetes was diagnosed more frequently in women with both pt2DM and pGDM in comparison with women with only pt2DM (10 versus 8, P = 0.04). The pGDM group had higher LDL-cholesterol, sICAM-1, tPa Ag, fibrinogen, and lower beta-cell function after adjustment for HOMA-IR, in comparison with pt2DM group. In pt2DM group postchallenge glucose correlated independently with hsCRP and in pGDM group fasting glucose with HOMA-IR. CONCLUSIONS: pGDM exerts a combined effect on cardiometabolic risk markers in women with pt2DM. In these women higher LDL-cholesterol, fibrinogen, sICAM-1, tPa Ag levels and decreased beta cell function are associated with pGDM independently of HOMA-IR index value. Fasting glucose is an important cardiometabolic risk marker and is independently associated with HOMA-IR.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers: an update.; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are at known risk for developing a hypertrophic type of cardiomyopathy. The severity of IDM cardiomyopathy can vary from an incidental finding on echocardiography to an infant with severe symptoms of congestive heart failure. The purpose of this article is to review the pathophysiologic mechanisms involved in the development of cardiomyopathy in IDMs and to discuss the diagnostic tests utilized in making the diagnosis (especially echocardiography) and the potential mechanisms that may result in congestive heart failure. This report will conclude with a review of a 2 1/2 year prospective study of diabetic women who had carefully maintained diabetic control during pregnancy. Although the IDMs in this study continued to have mild evidence of generalized hypertrophy when compared with control newborn infants, none developed symptoms of congestive heart failure. These data support the contention that careful diabetic management in pregnancy reduces the severity of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in IDMs.
Prevention of gestational diabetes: design of a cluster-randomized controlled trial and one-year follow-up.; BACKGROUND: Annual prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is 12.5% among Finnish pregnant women. The prevalence is expected to rise with the increasing overweight among women before pregnancy. Physical activity and diet are both known to have favourable effects on insulin resistance and possibly on the risk of GDM. We aimed to investigate, whether GDM can be prevented by counseling on diet, physical activity and gestational weight gain during pregnancy. METHODS/DESIGN: A cluster-randomized controlled trial was conducted in 14 municipalities in the southern part of Finland. Pairwise randomization was performed in order to take into account socioeconomic differences. Recruited women were at 8-12 weeks' gestation and fulfilled at least one of the following criteria: body mass index>or=25 kg/m2, history of earlier gestational glucose intolerance or macrosomic newborn (>4500 g), age>or=40 years, first or second degree relative with history of type 1 or 2 diabetes. Main exclusion criterion was pathological oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 8-12 weeks' gestation. The trial included one counseling session on physical activity at 8-12 weeks' gestation and one for diet at 16-18 weeks' gestation, and three to four booster sessions during other routine visits. In the control clinics women received usual care. Information on height, weight gain and other gestational factors was obtained from maternity cards. Physical activity, dietary intake and quality of life were followed by questionnaires during pregnancy and at 1-year postpartum. Blood samples for lipid status, hormones, insulin and OGTT were taken at 8-12 and 26-28 weeks' gestation and 1 year postpartum. Workability and return to work were elicited by a questionnaire at 1- year postpartum. Linkage to the national birth register of years 2007-2009 will provide information on perinatal complications and GDM incidence among the non-participants of the study. Cost-effectiveness evaluation will be based on quality-adjusted life years. This study has received ethical approval from the Ethical board of Pirkanmaa Hospital District. DISCUSSION: The study will provide information on the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of gestational physical activity and dietary counseling on prevention of GDM in a risk group of women. Also information on the prevalence of GDM and postpartum metabolic syndrome will be gained. Results on maintaining the possible health behaviour changes are important in order to prevent chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered ISRCTN 33885819.
Associations of Type 1 diabetes mellitus, maternal vascular disease and complications of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes increases the risk of pre-eclampsia and abnormalities of fetal growth. We studied the additional impact of maternal vascular disease on these risks. METHODS: The first viable (> 23 weeks) pregnancies of 138 women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus (Type 1 DM), delivered between 1994 and 2003 at the Queen's Medical Centre, Nottingham, UK were studied. Women were divided into groups with and without vascular disease (retinopathy and/or nephropathy and/or pre-existing hypertension). Primary outcomes were pre-eclampsia and fetal customized birthweight percentile (cbp) (adjusted for maternal weight, height, parity, ethnicity, gestational age and gender). Secondary outcomes were perinatal outcome (miscarriage, intrauterine or neonatal death), preterm birth, birth asphyxia, neonatal hypoglycaemia and delivery mode. RESULTS: Women with vascular disease were more likely to develop pre-eclampsia (OR 3.5; CI 1.28-9.53) and deliver infants with lower cbp (median 89.0, range 0-100 vs. 98.0, range 0-100; P < or = 0.005). Infants were less likely to be macrosomic (OR 0.46; CI 0.224-0.928) but more likely to have intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR; OR 6.0; CI 1.54-23.33). Women with vascular disease had higher Caesarean section rates (90 vs. 56%, P < or = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Women with Type 1 DM and vascular disease are at greater risk of pre-eclampsia and pathological fetal growth. This should influence counselling and merit increased pregnancy surveillance.
Physiological response during exercise is preserved in children exposed to a suboptimal gestational environment.; OBJECTIVE: This study investigated whether exposure to suboptimal gestational factors (SGFs) alters mechanical efficiency (ME) and substrate oxidation during rest and exercise in children as a mechanism contributing to obesity. METHODS: Data from the Quebec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth cohort were used. Children aged 8 to 10 years performed an incremental maximal cycling test with indirect calorimetry. Their ME was measured during submaximal and maximal effort. The substrate oxidation during rest and submaximal effort was also computed. ME and substrate oxidation results between children exposed to each SGF during pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus: n = 68; hypertensive disorders: n = 49; maternal smoking: n = 77) and nonexposed children (n = 370) were compared. RESULTS: No difference was observed for ME during submaximal (F([3,540]) = 0.46, p = 0.713) and maximal effort (F([3,545]) = 0.86, p = 0.463) between exposed and nonexposed children. The percentage contributions of lipids and carbohydrates did not differ during rest (F([3,545]) =1.68, p = 0.169) or submaximal exercise (F([3,544]) = 0.31, p = 0.534) between exposed and nonexposed children. CONCLUSIONS: Children exposed to investigated SGFs display a similar physiological response regarding ME and substrate oxidation during rest and exercise compared to nonexposed children. Future studies should confirm these novel results and continue investigating other research avenues to explain the higher risk of obesity in this population.
Early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and prevention of diabetes-related complications.; OBJECTIVE: [corrected] To test the hypothesis that an early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could avoid some diabetes-related complications. STUDY DESIGN: We compared the rates of pregnancy complications commonly related to diabetes between 189 (later screening group) and 235 (earlier screening group) women with GDM diagnosed before and after adding an universal glucose tolerance screening performed in the first antenatal visit to the traditional screening performed at 24-28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Women in the later screening group were likely to have hydramnios (12.7 versus 2.1%, P<0.0001) and preterm deliveries (11.8 versus 5.5%; P=0.03). All cases of preterm premature rupture of membranes and fetal anomalies took place in the later screening group (P=0.03, P=0.007, respectively). Statistical analysis was performed using the Student's t-test, Mann-Whitney's U-test, Fisher's exact test and chi2-test. Statistical significance was set at 95% level (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Early glucose tolerance screening could avoid some diabetes-related complications in women with gestational diabetes. However, further studies are needed to know if it should be done in all pregnant women or only in those with a high risk of developing diabetes.
Circulating levels of placental protein 10 (PP 10) in diabetic pregnancy complicated by retinopathy.; Placental protein 10 (PP 10) is a soluble tissue antigen of the placenta. PP 10, a glycoprotein, was tested in diabetic pregnancy complicated by retinopathy. A continuous increase in PP 10 serum levels until weeks 35-36 is followed by a fall thereafter up to term. The mean of the healthy control group between 32 and 39 weeks gestation was 22 +/- 10 micrograms/l. In diabetic pregnancies complicated by retinopathy there were measured 69 +/- 24 micrograms/l in benign form and 77 +/- 26 micrograms/l in proliferative form. Both of these values are significantly (p less than 0.05) above the control values. Increased PP 10 levels in diabetic pregnancy complicated by retinopathy are probably caused by placental and amniotic leakages.
Prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and factors associated with it in Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of and factors associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in Indian women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed using International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study (2018-2019) enrolled women with and without prior GDM. Study participants underwent detailed assessments, including relevant medical, obstetric and demographic details; 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with glucose and insulin estimation at 0, 30 and 120 min; and other relevant biochemical and anthropometric measurements. NAFLD status was defined by ultrasonography. RESULTS: We evaluated a total of 309 women (201 and 108 with and without prior GDM, respectively) at a mean age of 31.9 ± 5.0 years and median of 16 months (interquartile range 9-38 months) following the index delivery. The prevalence of NAFLD was significantly higher in women with prior GDM (62.7% vs 50.0%, P = 0.038; grade 2 and 3 disease, 13.9% vs 6.5%). On logistic regression analysis (fully adjusted model), the odds of NAFLD were 2.11-fold higher in women with prior GDM (95% confidence interval 1.16-3.85, P = 0.014). Overweight/obesity, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes and homeostasis model of assessment of insulin resistance (a measure of insulin resistance) were positively associated with NAFLD, whereas the Matsuda index (a measure of insulin sensitivity) showed a negative association with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of NAFLD is high in women with prior GDM. Such women also have a high burden of cardiometabolic risk factors. Future studies should evaluate the intermediate and long-term hepatic and cardiovascular risk, and the impact of lifestyle interventions in reducing morbidity in such women.
Thromboembolic risk among Danish children and adults with inflammatory bowel diseases: a population-based nationwide study.; BACKGROUND: Recommendations for venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylaxis in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) can be refined by incorporating patient-specific risk factors. OBJECTIVES: To determine the risk of deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) in children and adults with Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis and evaluate whether this risk varies by age and/or presence of other risk factors. METHODS: We performed a cohort study using Danish administrative data. Incidence rates of DVT and PE were calculated among patients with IBD and an age- and gender-matched comparison population and compared using Cox proportional hazards regression. We performed additional analyses stratifying by age, gender and disease type and restricting outcomes to unprovoked events (occurring without known malignancy, surgery, fracture/trauma or pregnancy). We next performed a nested case-control study to adjust for additional co-morbidities (congestive heart failure, diabetes, myocardial infarction and stroke) and the use of hormone replacement and antipsychotic medications. RESULTS: The study included 49,799 patients with IBD (14,211 Crohn's disease, 35,229 ulcerative colitis) and 477,504 members of the general population. VTE risk was elevated in patients with IBD (HR=2.0 (95% CI 1.8 to 2.1) for total events, HR=1.6 (95% CI 1.5 to 1.8) for unprovoked events). Although the incidence of VTE increased with age, the RR was higher in younger patients. Among those ≤ 20 years old, HRs were 6.0 (95% CI 2.5 to 14.7) for DVT and 6.4 (95% CI 2.0 to 20.3) for PE. After further adjusting for co-morbidity and medication use in the case-control analysis, ORs for all events remained in the 1.5-1.8 range. DISCUSSION: Patients with IBD have twice the incidence of PE or DVT as does the general population. This risk persisted after taking into account other VTE risk factors. Relative risks were particularly high at young ages, though actual incidence increased with age. These findings can further inform risk-benefit analysis of VTE prophylaxis.
Functional condition of the visual analyzer and oxygen metabolism kinetics in pregnant women with diabetes.; The paper presents the results of the study on the pregnancy effect on visual functions (vision acuity, visual field, condition of the eyeball ground), blood oxygenation as well as spatial summation (photometric harmony) in the visual field in 94 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (as well as diabetic retinopathy). It was found that out of the total number of the patients 24 (25.6%) had pathologic changes on the eyeball ground typical for the diabetic retinopathy and angiopathy. In the overwhelming majority of the investigated patients (74.4%) oxygen deficiency (oxyhemographic results(-hypoxemia was found. In the considerable number of pregnant women (90.1%) photometric disharmony in the visual field was found that could be a proof for the failure of the retinal nerve cells to summarize the light stimula. On the ground of the study results and the pregnancy termination data the authors made a conclusion about the necessity to organize a special ophthalmologic service for the vision protection in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus and DR to provide the prophylaxis of diabetic retinopathy.
Mitigation of gestational diabetes-induced endothelial dysfunction through FGF21-NRF2 pathway activation involving L-Cystine.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) disrupts glucolipid metabolism, endangering maternal and fetal health. Despite limited research on its pathogenesis and treatments, we conducted a study using serum samples from GDM-diagnosed pregnant women. We performed metabolic sequencing to identify key small molecule metabolites and explored their molecular interactions with FGF21. We also investigated FGF21's impact on GDM using blood samples from affected women. Our analysis revealed a novel finding: elevated levels of L-Cystine in GDM patients. Furthermore, we observed a positive correlation between L-Cystine and FGF21 levels, and found that L-Cystine induces NRF2 expression via FGF21 for a period of 96 h. Under high glucose (HG) conditions, FGF21 upregulates NRF2 and downstream genes NQO1 and EPHX1 via AKT phosphorylation induced by activation of IRS1, enhancing endothelial function. Additionally, we confirmed that levels of FGF21, L-Cystine, and endothelial function at the third trimester were effectively enhanced through appropriate exercise and diet during pregnancy in GDM patients (GDM + ED). These findings suggest FGF21 as a potential therapeutic agent for GDM, particularly in protecting endothelial cells. Moreover, elevated L-Cystine via appropriate exercise and diet might be a potential strategy to enhance FGF21's efficacy.
Antenatal nonstress test in complicated and uncomplicated pregnancies in type-1-diabetic women.; 111 pregnant women with type-1 diabetes were cared for at the Karolinska Hospital from 1979 to 1986. As routine fetal monitoring, a non-stress test (NST) was performed twice weekly from the 35th or 36th week of gestation to delivery. If pregnancy complications occurred, an NST was still used for fetal monitoring, but more frequently. The median gestational age at delivery was 270 days. The mean maternal blood glucose during the third trimester was 6.0 mmol/l. In 88 of the totally 111 women the only indication for an NST was the patient's diabetes. In this routinely monitored group, 2/88 patients had abnormal NSTs and cesarean sections were performed. The neonatal outcome was good in both cases. Twenty-three had such complications as pre-eclampsia or IUGR, and in these cases the frequency of an NST was individualized. Four of these 23 had abnormal NSTs leading to cesarean sections. There were no signs of asphyxia among these four infants. Thus, in diabetic pregnancies with a well-regulated blood glucose, intervention due to abnormal fetal monitoring is more associated with acute pregnancy complications than the diabetes per se. The results of this study suggest that antenatal NSTs twice a week from week 35-36 is sufficient in well blood-glucose regulated type-1-diabetic women with a well-regulated blood glucose. If pregnancy complications occur, the NST, in an individualized frequency, seems to be a safe way of fetal monitoring.
Fetal cerebral three-dimensional power Doppler vascularization indices and their relationships with maternal glucose levels in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate fetal cerebral circulation using three-dimensional power Doppler (3DPD) vascular indices and to study their relationships with maternal lipid and glycaemic profiles. METHODS: Case-control study in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) at 28-32 weeks in which feto-maternal Doppler study and 3DPD cerebral vascularization indices (FI, VI and VFI) were determined. Maternal lipid and glycaemic profiles were also analysed. Both groups were compared and the correlations of the 3DPD indices with studied variables were analysed. RESULTS: There were significant differences between groups in cerebral FI (p= 0.02), mean maternal Uterine artery PI (p= 0.009) and glucose levels (p= 0.001), being higher in the GDM group. Significant negative correlations were found in GDM group between VFI and MCA PI (p = 0.02) and between VI and MCA PI (p= 0.01). In the GDM group we found a negative significant correlation between FI, VI, VFI and maternal glucose (r= -0.52, p<0.001; r= -0.32, p=0.03 and r= -0.36, p= 0.01, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Fetal cerebral FI values were higher in GDM pregnancies. All 3DPD vascular indices showed an inverse correlation with maternal glucose levels. These findings support the view that GDM may also represent a fetal vascular disorder influencing fetal neurodevelopment.
Clinical background of preeclampsia in Japanese women.; In Japan, the maternal mortality rate from preeclampsia is still high. In this study, we analyzed the clinical background of 70(1.5%) cases of severe preeclampsia in 4,633 deliveries in our clinic. The main family history was hypertension (34.2%). The medical complication of this pregnancy were nephritis (11.4%), hypertension (5.7%) and diabetes mellitus (4.3%). In previous obstetrical complication, preeclampsia was found very high frequency (44.4%). In this pregnancy, the cesarean section was done for 15 (21.4%) cases. There was a significant high frequency of low birth weight infant in preeclampsia (2,400 +/- 925 gr, mean +/- S.D.). The stillbirth was found in 12 (17.1%) cases. The perinatal mortality rate was 169/1,000 deliveries, this was a significantly higher than total rate (15/1,000 deliveries). These data suggest that it is important to control medical complications before to be pregnant to prevent preeclampsia.
Maternal glycemic index and glycemic load in pregnancy and offspring metabolic health in childhood and adolescence-a cohort study of 68,471 mother-offspring dyads from the Danish National Birth Cohort.; BACKGROUND: High glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) as indicators of carbohydrate quality and quantity have been found to increase risk of metabolic outcomes in adults. Whether carbohydrate quality may influence metabolic programming already in early life is unknown. We examined the association of maternal GI and GL with offspring body mass index (BMI) in the first 7 years of life among 68,471 mother-offspring dyads from the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC). In a sub-cohort of offspring with clinical data (n = 1234) that included 608 dyads exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we also examined the relation to metabolic health at 9-16 years. METHODS: Maternal GI and GL were quantified using a mid-pregnancy food frequency questionnaire. We used birth weight and length to calculate offspring's ponderal index. Age- and sex-specific BMI z scores at 5 mo, 12 mo, and 7 y were standardized against WHO reference data. In the clinical cohort, we quantified body composition, HOMA-IR, and HOMA-B. We used multivariable mixed linear and Poisson regression to model the associations. RESULTS: Median (IQR) of GI and GL were 83 (63-111) and 241 (180-333) g/day, respectively. We found that GI (Q4 vs. Q1:1.09, 95%CI: 1.03, 1.15) and GL (Q4 vs. Q1:1.10, 95%CI: 1.05, 1.16) modestly increased the relative risk of large-for gestational age (LGA). In the clinical sub-cohort, we observed a potential increase in offspring HOMA-IR, adiposity, and metabolic syndrome z score with higher maternal GI and GI. These associations were stronger among the GDM-exposed offspring, but the CI included the null value. CONCLUSION: We found associations of GI and GL in pregnancy with offspring LGA. Potential long-term benefits to offspring exposed to GDM need to be confirmed in larger, well-powered studies.
Metabolic regulation and glucose sensitivity of cortical radial glial cells.; The primary stem cells of the cerebral cortex are the radial glial cells (RGCs), and disturbances in their operation lead to myriad brain disorders in all mammals from mice to humans. Here, we found in mice that maternal gestational obesity and hyperglycemia can impair the maturation of RGC fibers and delay cortical neurogenesis. To investigate potential mechanisms, we used optogenetic live-imaging approaches in embryonic cortical slices. We found that Ca(2+) signaling regulates mitochondrial transport and is crucial for metabolic support in RGC fibers. Cyclic intracellular Ca(2+) discharge from localized RGC fiber segments detains passing mitochondria and ensures their proper distribution and enrichment at specific sites such as endfeet. Impairment of mitochondrial function caused an acute loss of Ca(2+) signaling, while hyperglycemia decreased Ca(2+) activity and impaired mitochondrial transport, leading to degradation of the RGC scaffold. Our findings uncover a physiological mechanism indicating pathways by which gestational metabolic disturbances can interfere with brain development.
[Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy (author's transl)].; In present day, recognized factors which influence the carbohydrate metabolism of a diabetic during pregnancy have been reviewed. Possible effects on the fetus are discussed. Based on the good results obtained by Roversi and Canussio with the "Maximal tolerated dose of insulin", a state of glycemia within the normal limits was sought; this aim is attained most readily with a 3-4 times daily injection of soluble insulin. With satisfactory control of metabolism and regular surveillance of fetal parameters (ultrasonics, CTG, oestriol, HPL), the time for delivery can approach the calculated date: thus, the danger of fetal respiratory distress is reduced. Also, fetal hyperinsulinism can be avoided by stabilising the diabetic condition as early as possible within the normal limits of glycemia. Spontaneous birth is attempted with preparations made for caesarean section.
Molecular communication between Apelin-13, Apelin-36, Elabela, and nitric oxide in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes that affects from 3.8% to 6.9% of pregnancies worldwide, causing significant mortality and unfavorable obstetric outcomes, such as delivery trauma and macrosomia risk. The fundamental processes of this metabolic disorder that first appeared during pregnancy are still unknown. Tissue hormones, particularly adipokines, have aided in understanding the pathophysiology of numerous disorders in recent years. This study aims to determine if Apelin-13 (APLN-13), Apelin-36 (APLN-36), Elabela (ELA), and nitric oxide (NO) molecules have all a part in the pathophysiology of GDM. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included 30 pregnant control women and 30 pregnant women who had been diagnosed with GDM in the second trimester and whose body mass index and age were compatible with each other. Blood samples were collected from 60 participants during the second trimester (30 control pregnant women and 30 GDM pregnant women) and postpartum (17 controls vs. 14 GDM). In these blood samples, the amounts of APLN-13, APLN-36, ELA, and NO were studied using the ELISA method. In addition, the participants' glucose, lipid profiles, and other parameters were obtained from the hospital record files. At postpartum, 29 pregnant women (13 control and 16 pregnant women with GDM) dropped out of the study without explanation. RESULTS: In the second trimester and postpartum plasma of mothers with GDM, APLN-13, APLN-36, NO, and ELA molecules were found to be significantly higher (< 0.05), compared to those of the control mothers, while APLN-13, APLN-36, NO values were significantly lower (0.05). While APLN-13, APLN-36, NO amounts in mothers with GDM were positively correlated with glucose amounts, they were negatively correlated with ELA amounts. Similarly, the triglyceride amounts in mothers with GDM were positively correlated with APLN-13, APLN-36 and NO, while they were negatively correlated with the ELA amounts. Due to gestational diabetes, APLN-13, APLN-36, NO, glucose, and triglyceride increased, and ELA decreased. CONCLUSIONS: It is predicted that the glucose increase in GDM is because Apelins reduce glucose transport to erythrocytes by inhibiting the sodium-dependent glucose transporter (SGLT) and that the increase in triglyceride and NO may be associated with high glucose levels in GDM. As a result, we believe that the above-mentioned chemicals may cause GDM Pathology by triggering one another.
Pre-pregnancy body mass index and glycated-hemoglobin with the risk of metabolic diseases in gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic diseases during pregnancy result in negative consequences for mothers. Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and late-pregnancy glycated-hemoglobin (HbA1c) are most important factors independently affecting the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However how both affect the combined risk of other metabolic diseases in women with GDM is unclear. The study aims to investigate the influence of pre-pregnancy BMI and pregnancy glycemic levels on other gestational metabolic diseases in women with GDM. METHODS: Pregnancies with GDM from January 2015 to December 2018 in the Xi'an longitudinal mother-child cohort study (XAMC) were retrospectively enrolled. Those without other metabolic diseases by the time of oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) detection were finally recruited and divided into four groups by pre-pregnancy BMI (Underweight <18.5kg/m(2); Normal weight 18.5-23.9 kg/m(2); Overweight 24.0-27.9 kg/m(2); Obesity ≥28.0 kg/m(2), respectively) or two groups by HbA1c in late pregnancy (normal HbA1c<5.7%; high HbA1c≥5.7%). Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to identify risk factors. Interaction between pre-pregnancy BMI (reference group 18.5-23.9 kg/m(2)) and HbA1c (reference group <5.7%) was determined using strata-specific analysis. RESULTS: A total of 8928 subjects with GDM were included, 16.2% of which had a composite of metabolic diseases. The pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity, compared with normal BMI, were linked to the elevated risk of the composite of metabolic diseases, particularly pre-eclampsia (both P <0.001) and gestational hypertension (both P <0.001). Meanwhile, patients with high HbA1c had an obvious higher risk of pre-eclampsia (P< 0.001) and gestational hypertension (P= 0.005) compared to those with normal HbA1c. In addition, there were significant interactions between pre-pregnancy BMI and HbA1c (P< 0.001). The OR of pre-pregnancy BMI≥ 28 kg/m(2) and HbA1c≥ 5.7% was 4.46 (95% CI: 2.85, 6.99; P< 0.001). The risk of other metabolic diseases, except for pre-eclampsia (P= 0.003), was comparable between the two groups of patients with different HbA1c levels at normal pre-pregnancy BMI group. However, that was remarkably elevated in obese patients (P= 0.004), particularly the risk of gestational hypertension (P= 0.004). CONCLUSION: Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and late-pregnancy high HbA1c increased the risk of other gestational metabolic diseases of women with GDM. Monitoring and controlling late-pregnancy HbA1c was effective in reducing metabolic diseases, particularly in those who were overweight/obese before conception.
Effect of metformin treatment during pregnancy on women with PCOS: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: Some previous studies have found that continued metformin use is beneficial in the management of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in pregnant women. A systemic review and meta-analysis were needed to more fully assess the effects of metformin on pregnant PCOS patients. METHODS: The literature was fully searched using MEDLINE, EMBASE, SCOPUS, and COCHRANE for continued metformin use during pregnancy in women with PCOS. A systematic review and meta-analysis were performed to evaluate the comprehensive effects of continued metformin treatment on pregnancy-related outcomes in these women. RESULTS: Eleven eligible studies out of 127 relevant publications were included in meta-analysis. The rates of early pregnancy loss and preterm delivery were found to be significantly decreased in metformin-treated PCOS women. A non-significant difference was found in fetal abnormality and fetal birth weight between the metformin-treated and the non-treated groups. The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension/preeclampsia were not significantly different in the two groups, probably because of inconsistent results in the subgroup analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that continued use during of metformin, during pregnancy in women with PCOS, had no effect on incidence of fetal abnormalities or fetal birth weight. The effects of metformin on GDM and hypertension/preeclampsia should be determined through high-quality randomized controlled trials.
Maternal diabetes: an independent risk factor for major cardiovascular malformations with increased mortality of affected infants.; BACKGROUND: Intensive medical care of women with diabetes has reduced their risks of bearing infants with congenital anomalies. To assess the preventive potential of preconceptional care, the data of a population-based study of cardiovascular malformations (CVM) were analyzed to determine the morphogenetic specificity of maternal diabetes risks, the morbidity and mortality of the infants, and maternal characteristics that might affect these risks. METHODS: The Baltimore-Washington Infant Study was a case-control study (1981-1989) that included all live born infants with confirmed CVM; control infants were a representative sample of the birth cohort. A questionnaire administered in home visits recorded parental information on social, medical, occupational, and environmental factors. For these analyses of preconceptional diabetes risks, the case group excluded chromosomal and mendelian disorders and was divided into 3 developmental categories and 12 diagnostic groups. RESULTS: Preconceptional maternal diabetes was strongly associated with CVM of early embryonic origin (odds ratio [OR] = 4.7, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.8-7.9) and with cardiomyopathy (OR = 15.1, 95% CI 5.5-41.3), but not with obstructive and shunting defects (OR = 1.4, 95% CI 0.7-3.0). There was heterogeneity within these developmental categories: among laterality defects, diabetes was associated only with cardiovisceral and atrioventricular discordance (OR = 10.0, 95% CI 3.7-27.0); among outflow tract anomalies, the risk was strongly associated with normally related great arteries (OR = 6.6, 95% CI 3.2-13.3) but not with simple transpositions; and among atrioventricular septal defects, diabetes was associated with the complete but not with the partial forms (OR = 22.8, 95% CI 7.4-70.5). The association in early CVM was strongest among infants with multisystem, predominantly VACTERL, anomalies. All-cause mortality of infants with CVM was 39% among those with diabetic mothers and 17.8% in those with nondiabetic mothers. Deceased infants of diabetic mothers were also more likely to have extracardiac anomalies (P = 0.041), to be born prematurely (P = 0.007), and to have low birth weight (P = 0.011). Multivariate analyses of maternal factors revealed no significant confounders of the diabetes associations. CONCLUSIONS: The evidence of diabetes-induced major cardiac defects is of urgent clinical significance. The effectiveness of early preconceptional care in the prevention of congenital anomalies has been demonstrated repeatedly.
[Predictive value of metabolic syndrome in pregnancy for the development of diabetes mellitus and factors of short-term vascular risk for mother and child after birth (gestaMET)].; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the presence of diabetes mellitus (DM) or short-term alterations in glucose metabolism, obesity and vascular risk factors after birth in women with pregnancy metabolic syndrome (PMS). To evaluate the incidence of obesity, lipaemia, glucaemia disorder, blood pressure (BP), or lipid figures in the period after birth in children of women with PMS. DESIGN. Cohort study. SETTING. Forty two primary care centres. PARTICIPANTS: Study cohort (SC): women with PMS and their children. Control cohort (CC): women without primary criteria of PMS and their children. SAMPLE SIZE: SC, 980 women and CC, also 980. Consecutive sampling. MEASUREMENTS: Mother: basic data, 75 g oral overload, lipid profile, insulinaemia, toxic habits, nutrition survey, and physical activity. Child: weight, height, BP, nutrition survey, glucaemia, insulinaemia, and lipid profile. Father: basic data, BP, glucaemia, lipid profile, insulinaemia, toxic habits, nutrition survey, and physical activity. We will study genes related to insulin resistance in all subjects. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Comparison of proportions with *2 test; ANOVA to measure means. Evaluation of effect of intra-uteral exposure through logistical regression and COX regression, whilst controlling potentially confusing and interactive variables. DISCUSSION: This study will contribute to locating the moment when diabetes and vascular risk start and to finding the optimum moment for starting prevention strategies.
The role of cardiovascular risk factors in maternal cardiovascular disease according to offspring birth characteristics in the HUNT study.; A history of preterm or small (SGA) or large (LGA) for gestational age offspring is associated with smoking and unfavorable levels of BMI, blood pressure, glucose and lipids. Whether and to what extent the excess cardiovascular risk observed in women with these pregnancy complications is explained by conventional cardiovascular risk factors (CVRFs) is not known. We examined the association between a history of SGA, LGA or preterm birth and cardiovascular disease among 23,284 parous women and quantified the contribution of individual CVRFs to the excess cardiovascular risk using an inverse odds weighting approach. The hazard ratios (HR) between SGA and LGA offspring and CVD were 1.30 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.15, 1.48) and 0.89 (95% CI 0.76, 1.03), respectively. Smoking explained 49% and blood pressure may have explained ≈12% of the excess cardiovascular risk in women with SGA offspring. Women with preterm birth had a 24% increased risk of CVD (HR 1.24, 95% CI 1.06, 1.45), but we found no evidence for CVRFs explaining any of this excess cardiovascular risk. While smoking explains a substantial proportion of excess cardiovascular risk in women with SGA offspring and blood pressure may explain a small proportion in these women, we found no evidence that conventional CVRFs explain any of the excess cardiovascular risk in women with preterm birth.
Maternal glycemic status during pregnancy and mid-childhood plasma amino acid profiles: findings from a multi-ethnic Asian birth cohort.; BACKGROUND: Increasing maternal glycaemia across the continuum during pregnancy may predispose offspring to subsequent cardiometabolic risk later in life. However, evidence of long-term impacts of maternal glycemic status on offspring amino acid (AA) profiles is scarce. We aimed to investigate the association between maternal antenatal glycaemia and offspring mid-childhood amino acid (AA) profiles, which are emerging cardiometabolic biomarkers. METHODS: Data were drawn from the Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes (GUSTO) study, a multi-ethnic Asian birth cohort. A subset of 422 mother-child dyads from the GUSTO study, who was followed from early pregnancy to mid-childhood, was included. Mothers underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 26-28 weeks gestation, with fasting and 2-h plasma glucose concentrations measured and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) diagnosed per WHO 1999 guidelines. Offspring fasting plasma samples were collected at mean age 6.1 years, from which AA profiles of nine AAs, alanine, glutamine, glycine, histidine, isoleucine, leucine, valine, phenylalanine, and tyrosine were measured. Total branched-chain amino acids (BCAAs) were calculated as the sum of isoleucine, leucine, and valine concentrations. Multi-variable linear regression was used to estimate the association of maternal glycemic status and offspring mid-childhood AA profiles adjusting for maternal age, ethnicity, maternal education, parity, family history of diabetes, ppBMI, child sex, age and BMI z-scores. RESULTS: Approximately 20% of mothers were diagnosed with GDM. Increasing maternal fasting glucose was significantly associated with higher offspring plasma valine and total BCAAs, whereas higher 2-h glucose was significantly associated with higher histidine, isoleucine, valine, and total BCAAs. Offspring born to mothers with GDM had higher valine (standardized mean difference 0.27 SD; 95% CI: 0.01, 0.52), leucine (0.28 SD; 0.02, 0.53), and total BCAAs (0.26 SD; 0.01, 0.52) than their counterparts. Inconsistent associations were found between maternal GDM and other amino acids among offspring during mid-childhood. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing maternal fasting and post-OGTT glucose concentrations at 26-28 weeks gestation were significantly associated with mid-childhood individual and total BCAAs concentrations. The findings suggest that elevated maternal glycaemia throughout pregnancy, especially GDM, may have persistent programming effects on offspring AA metabolism which were strongly associated with adverse cardiometabolic profiles at mid-childhood.
Maternal cholesterol levels during gestation: boon or bane for the offspring?; An increase in cholesterol levels is perceived during pregnancy and is considered as a normal adaptive response to the development of the fetus. In some pregnancies, excessive increase in total cholesterol with high levels of Low-Density Lipoprotein leads to maladaptation by the fetus to cholesterol demands, resulting in a pathological condition termed as maternal hypercholesterolemia (MH). MH is considered clinically irrelevant and therefore cholesterol levels are not routinely checked during pregnancy, as a consequence of which there is scarce information on its global prevalence in pregnant women. Studies have reported that MH during pregnancy can cause atherogenesis in adults emphasizing the concept of in utero programming of fetus. Moreover, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, obesity and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome are potential risk factors which strengthen combined pathologies in placenta and fetuses of mothers with MH. However, lack of conclusive evidence on cholesterol transport and underlying programming demand substantial research to develop population-based life style strategies for women in their childbearing years. The current review focuses on the mechanisms and outcomes of MH from existing epidemiological as well as experimental data and presents a detailed insight on this novel risk factor of cardiovascular diseases.
Management of diabetic pregnancy complicated by coronary artery disease and neuropathy.; Various manifestations of diabetic neuropathy may complicate pregnancies of young diabetic patients. Of all forms of diabetic neuropathy, autonomic neuropathy, and, in particular, gastropathy, may cause the most devastating complications. Because neuropathy is a common abnormality in young asymptomatic diabetic women, screening for this disorder may be advisable and can be accomplished by relatively simple and noninvasive tests. Screening is best performed before conception or early in pregnancy, because pregnancy itself and its possible complications later modify the autonomic nervous function tests and make testing unreliable. Practitioners and obstetricians who provide care and counseling to young diabetic patients should be familiar with the risks and consequences to maternal and fetal health that may be imposed by the different forms of neuropathy. Moderate-to-severe autonomic dysfunction may be considered a relative contraindication to pregnancy, especially if gastropathy is part of the clinical presentation. The management dilemmas and high mortality and morbidity associated with symptomatic diabetic neuropathy may justify the addition of a new independent class, class N (neuropathy), to the current classification systems for diabetes in pregnancy.
Impacts of gut microbiota on gestational diabetes mellitus: a comprehensive review.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition that seriously threatens mother and child health. The incidence of GDM has increased worldwide in the past decades. In addition, the complications of GDM such as type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and neonatal malformations could negatively affect the living quality of mothers and their children. AIM: It has been widely known that the imbalance of gut microbiota or called 'gut dysbiosis' plays a key role in the development of insulin resistance and chronic low-grade inflammation in T2DM patients. However, the impacts of gut microbiota on GDM remain controversial. Here, we aim to comprehensively review the alterations of gut microbiota in GDM mothers and their offspring. RESULTS: The alterations of Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio, short-chain fatty acid (SCFA)-producing bacteria, bacteria with probiotics properties and gram-negative lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-producing bacteria play a vital role in the development of GDM. The beneficial roles of gut microbiota modification (probiotics, synbiotics and lifestyle modification) as a treatment of GDM were found in some, but not all studies. CONCLUSION: In the near future, gut microbiota modification may be considered as one of the standard treatments for GDM. Moreover, further studies regarding the specific gut microbiota that are associated with the early development of GDM are required. This may contribute to the novel diagnostic markers for early stages of GDM.
Obesity and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.; AIMS: To estimate genetically predicted causal associations of general and central obesity with GDM, and to determine the mediating role of circulating lipids. METHODS: Summary-level data was obtained from the largest available genome-wide association studies of five obesity traits, five lipid traits and GDM. Two-sample univariate Mendelian randomization (MR), multivariate MR, and MR-based mediation analysis was applied to determine the total effect, direct effect and the mediating effect, respectively. RESULTS: Univariate MR showed that the odds of GDM increased per 1-SD increase in body mass index (BMI) (OR = 1.64, P = 5.05 × 10(-17)), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (OR = 1.57, P = 2.27 × 10(-14)) and WHR adjusted for BMI (OR = 1.42, P = 6.11 × 10(-15)). The heterogeneous associations of waist circumference (OR = 1.64, P = 5.57 × 10(-14)) and hip circumference (OR = 1.20, P = 0.002) on GDM further reflected that body fat distribution could influence GDM risk. Mediation analysis suggested that triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I each mediated between 5% and 10% of the association between obesity and GDM. CONCLUSION: Our findings supported a deleterious causal effect of obesity on GDM risk, where lipid metabolism acted as potential drivers of the relationships between both general and central obesity and GDM.
Anaesthetic considerations in high-risk pregnancy.; The pathophysiology, and principles of obstetric and anaesthetic management, of two high-risk situations have been reviewed. Information sources related to two additional problems are provided. The encouraging decline witnessed in perinatal morbidity and mortality in recent years, stems from multidisciplinary team care in tertiary centres. The obstetric anaesthetist who understands the pathophysiology of high-risk pregnancy, and the principles which underlie patient management, becomes an irreplaceable member of such perinatal care teams.
Pregnancy following gastric by-pass for morbid obesity.; Bariatric surgery is a promising treatment and called for morbid obesity refractory to medical treatment. Obese women of reproductive age group are at risk for obstetric complications. A 29 years old premigravida of 37 weeks gestation having developed gestational diabetes mellitus at 20 weeks and pregnancy induced hypertension at 36 weeks who had undergone gastric by-pass earlier was admitted to labour ward for induction of labour. She had undergone emergency caesarean section following failed induction. Baby was born healthy, weight being 2.7 kg. The mother received intermittent pneumatic compression intra-operatively and injection delteparin sodium 5000 units subcutaneously once daily for 3 days. She was discharged on 7th postoperative day.
[Maternal and neonatal outcomes according to gestational weight gain in twin pregnancies: Are the IOM guidelines associated with better issues?].; OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to evaluate the relevance of the Institute of medicine (IOM) guidelines of weight gain during twin pregnancies, published in 2009. METHODS: We systematically reviewed the data from Medline and the Cochrane Library databases. We only selected the articles which studied the neonatal and maternal outcomes according to maternal gestational weight gain (GWG), depending on the prepregnancy BMI (body mass index). Five clinical parameters had been mainly studied: gestational hypertensive disorders (gestational hypertension and preeclampsia), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm births, and birth weights. RESULTS: We identified 8 articles, corresponding to our inclusion criteria. They all present methodological weaknesses (observational retrospective design, small population samples and there were sometimes issues to properly determine the GWG). An excessive weight gain was associated with an increasing of gestational hypertensive disorders. Regarding GDM, the results were inconsistent, suggesting a poor correlation between GWG and occurrence of GDM. Preterm births and low birth weights were more frequent when the GWG did not reach the recommendations. CONCLUSION: Although based on low scientific evidence, the IOM recommendations for GWG in twin pregnancies should be used in daily practice.
Hearing screening outcomes in infants of pregestational diabetic mothers.; PURPOSE: Hearing screening results for newborns of diabetic mothers were compared with those of nondiabetic controls. METHOD: This study was a retrospective chart review of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus and their neonates (n=73) who received newborn hearing screening between January 1, 2000, and May 1, 2002. A group of nondiabetic mothers and their infants (n=73), with birth dates that matched the diabetic group, served as controls. A 2-tiered hearing screening protocol, employing distortion product otoacoustic emission (DPOAE) and automated auditory brainstem response (A-ABR) screening techniques, was used. RESULTS: The DPOAE screening failure rate was 5.5% (4/73) for babies in the nondiabetic control group and 11.0% (8/73) for infants of diabetic mothers; this difference was not statistically significant. The A-ABR failure rate was 9.1% (1/11) for the diabetic group compared with 0% (0/4) for the controls, but the A-ABR was measured for only a small number of participants in each group. The frequency of premature birth and abnormal birth weight was significantly greater for the infants of diabetic mothers compared with controls. CONCLUSIONS: Given the greater frequency of prematurity and abnormal birth weight in the population of neonates born to diabetics, additional research using A-ABR is recommended.
Bariatric surgery and health outcomes: An umbrella analysis.; BACKGROUND: There is a relative lack of data that systematically investigates the breadth and validity of the association between bariatric surgery and health-related outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the quantity, validity, and credibility of evidence regarding the association between bariatric surgery and health-related outcomes using an umbrella review of meta-analyses. METHODS: We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and the Web of Science databases from inception until December 2, 2021, to identify meta-analyses of observational or interventional studies that investigated the association between bariatric surgery and multiple health outcomes. We extracted the summary effect size and 95% confidence interval (CI) data. The Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR-2) and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) guidelines were used for methodological and evidence quality assessments, respectively. RESULTS: Twenty-eight studies with 82 different health-related outcomes were included in this umbrella review. Beneficial effects of bariatric surgery have been observed in cancer incidence, mortality, cardiovascular risk, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), anxiety symptoms, depressive symptoms, gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, large for gestational age (LGA), macrosomia, post-term birth, risk of kidney stones, albuminuria, urinary incontinence, fecal incontinence, Barrett's esophagus, and diabetic retinopathy. However, adverse effects of bariatric surgery were observed for maternal anemia, perinatal mortality, congenital anomalies, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, intrauterine growth restriction, small for gestational age (SGA), fracture risk, upper limb fracture, suicide, self-harm, and alcohol use disorder (AUD). CONCLUSIONS: Current evidence suggests that bariatric surgery improves the majority of health-related outcomes; however, caution is advised given it may increase the risk of adverse mental effects, perinatal problems, and fractures.
Doppler umbilical artery flow velocity waveforms in diabetic pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of uncomplicated diabetes on umbilical artery flow velocity waveforms (FVWs); to investigate the relation between glycaemic control and FVWs and the predictive value of umbilical artery FVWs for antenatal fetal compromise. DESIGN: Prospective descriptive study. SETTING: A large diabetic pregnancy clinic in a teaching hospital. SUBJECTS: 128 pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. 170 non diabetic women with no pre-existing or pregnancy complications. INTERVENTIONS: In diabetic pregnancies, umbilical artery resistance index (RI) Doppler recordings and glycosylated haemoglobin were measured every 2 weeks from 28 weeks. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Umbilical artery RI and antenatal fetal compromise defined as a non reactive, decelerative cardiotocograph and/or a biophysical profile score persistently less than 6 and leading to immediate caesarean section. RESULTS: Uncomplicated diabetic pregnancies had FVW values similar to those in the non-diabetic range. Glycaemic control was unrelated to umbilical artery FVW values. Abnormal umbilical artery RI was found in nine pregnancies, these were more likely to show evidence of fetal compromise and to be associated with birthweights of less than 50th centile. In seven pregnancies there was evidence of fetal compromise, but only three of these pregnancies had abnormal FVW values. CONCLUSIONS: The non-diabetic range of umbilical artery RI values is appropriate for diabetic pregnancies. Long-term glycaemic control, within the range in this study, does not seem to affect umbilical artery RI. Abnormal umbilical artery RI is a significant predictor of fetal compromise in diabetic pregnancy, but fetal compromise can occur in association with normal RI values. Undue reliance should not be placed on normal FVW values in diabetic pregnancies.
Programming of fetal insulin resistance in pregnancies with maternal obesity by ER stress and inflammation.; The global epidemics of obesity during pregnancy and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) are major public health problems worldwide. Obesity and excessive GWG are related to several maternal and fetal complications, including diabetes (pregestational and gestational diabetes) and intrauterine programming of insulin resistance (IR). Maternal obesity (MO) and neonatal IR are associated with long-term development of obesity, diabetes mellitus, and increased global cardiovascular risk in the offspring. Multiple mechanisms of insulin signaling pathway impairment have been described in obese individuals, involving complex interactions of chronically elevated inflammatory mediators, adipokines, and the critical role of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-dependent unfolded protein response (UPR). However, the underlying cellular processes linking MO and IR in the offspring have not been fully elucidated. Here, we summarize the state-of-the-art evidence supporting the possibility that adverse metabolic postnatal outcomes such as IR in the offspring of pregnancies with MO and/or excessive GWG may be related to intrauterine activation of ER stress response.
Increased periconceptual maternal glycated haemoglobin in diabetic mothers reduces fetal long axis cardiac function.; OBJECTIVE: To compare ventricular long axis function in fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) with contemporaneously studied normal controls (N) and to assess the effect of pre-pregnancy diabetic control on these measurements. DESIGN: Long axis function was compared in 41 FDM and 159 N fetuses in a cross sectional observational study. SETTING: Fetal medicine unit. METHODS AND RESULTS: Echocardiography confirmed structural normality. Pulsed wave valvar Doppler velocimetry, lengthening and shortening myocardial velocities, and amplitude of ventricular long axis movement were recorded at the base of the left and right ventricular free walls and septum. Periconceptual diabetic control was assessed by haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in early pregnancy. Doppler and myocardial velocities were negatively related and myocardial thickness was positively related with HbA1c. In both cohorts all variables except mitral and tricuspid late filling (A wave) velocities were dependent on gestational age. FDM gestational age related values were higher for most variables and robust analysis of covariance showed significantly different maturation patterns in mitral valve E:A ratio (p = 0.036) and pulmonary velocity (p = 0.04), late lengthening myocardial velocities (left p = 0.016 and right p = 0.066), left myocardial shortening velocities (p = 0.008), and left free wall (p = 0.03) and septal (p = 0.04) amplitude of motion. FDM septal thickness was significantly increased throughout gestation (p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Periconceptual diabetic control influences fetal cardiac performance and myocardial hypertrophy but, unlike the pathophysiology of adult ventricular hypertrophy, is accompanied by functional adaptation. It is unlikely to explain the increased rate of late stillbirth observed in diabetic pregnancies.
Alternations of phospholipid profile in placenta of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rat.; Phospholipids have important roles in many biological processes, but their role in fetal malformation in pregnancy in diabetes is unclear. Metabolic fingerprinting of placental phospholipids in pregnant streptozotocin-induced type 1 diabetic rats was performed using Fourier transform-ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry. Some of the fetuses from the pregnant diabetic rats exhibited ventricular septal defects. Alterations of phospholipid compositions in the diabetic rat placenta were detected. We suggest that these changes in phospholipids in the diabetic placenta might be involved in development of fetal malformation in a type 1 diabetic pregnancy.
Metformin versus insulin for the treatment of gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Metformin is a logical treatment for women with gestational diabetes mellitus, but randomized trials to assess the efficacy and safety of its use for this condition are lacking. METHODS: We randomly assigned 751 women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 20 to 33 weeks of gestation to open treatment with metformin (with supplemental insulin if required) or insulin. The primary outcome was a composite of neonatal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress, need for phototherapy, birth trauma, 5-minute Apgar score less than 7, or prematurity. The trial was designed to rule out a 33% increase (from 30% to 40%) in this composite outcome in infants of women treated with metformin as compared with those treated with insulin. Secondary outcomes included neonatal anthropometric measurements, maternal glycemic control, maternal hypertensive complications, postpartum glucose tolerance, and acceptability of treatment. RESULTS: Of the 363 women assigned to metformin, 92.6% continued to receive metformin until delivery and 46.3% received supplemental insulin. The rate of the primary composite outcome was 32.0% in the group assigned to metformin and 32.2% in the insulin group (relative risk, 0.99 [corrected]; 95% confidence interval, 0.80 [corrected] to 1.23 [corrected]). More women in the metformin group than in the insulin group stated that they would choose to receive their assigned treatment again (76.6% vs. 27.2%, P<0.001). The rates of other secondary outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. There were no serious adverse events associated with the use of metformin. CONCLUSIONS: In women with gestational diabetes mellitus, metformin (alone or with supplemental insulin) is not associated with increased perinatal complications as compared with insulin. The women preferred metformin to insulin treatment. (Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number, 12605000311651.).
Detection of fetal structural malformations by ultrasound in insulin-dependent pregnant women.; A total of 136 insulin-dependent pregnancies was referred to our ultrasound unit for an anomaly scan. In 94 cases the scan was requested between 17 and 22 weeks of gestation (median 20 weeks), in the remaining 42 cases the patient was not referred until after 24 weeks (median 27 weeks), which is too late for termination of pregnancy to be exercised. From the available data, optimal metabolic control was attempted in at least 80% of cases between 4-8 weeks after conception. The incidence of structural anomalies was 8.1%, the majority comprising cardiac and central nervous system malformations. Prenatal ultrasound detection of fetal structural defects was only feasible in seven (64%) out of 11 affected pregnancies. The missed structural anomalies were of cardiac origin in three cases and of gastrointestinal origin in the remaining case. Maternal obesity was present in 72% of our patients and was responsible for false negative results in three out of four cases with a fetal structural defect. This diagnostic limitation should be discussed with the parents when counselling takes place. The high incidence of structural defects (8.1%) and subsequent high perinatal mortality rate (64%) emphasizes the importance of preconceptional metabolic control in insulin-dependent diabetic women.
Role of GAB1/PI3K/AKT signaling high glucose-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for abnormal heart development. Previous work showed that a decrease of myocardial cells and an increase of apoptotic cells leading to heart defects under hyperglycemia, and many genes and protein have been found to play important roles in cardiomyocyte apoptosis. However, there are still many blind nodes in HG-induced cardiac apoptosis. Our study showed that down-regulation of GAB1 occurred concurrently with HG-induced cardiomyocytes apoptosis and in the heart tissues of offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. MTT and apoptosis assay showed GAB1 played a key role in mediating HG-induced apoptosis of cardiomyocytes. Down-regulation of XIAP and increased activities of Caspase3/7 was associated with GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG treatment. Further study showed that the phosphorylation levels of AKT (Ser473) decreased after HG treatment. Over-expression of GAB1 resisted the reduction in AKT phosphorylation in response to HG. LY294002, which is an effective inhibitor of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway, partly inhibited GAB1 to suppress apoptosis induced by HG in cardiomyocytes, and partly suppressed GAB1 to resist the decrease of XIAP in response to HG, indicating AKT signaling, XIAP, and Caspase3/7 participated in GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG. Generally, we demonstrate a novel role of GAB1 and its down-stream signaling PI3K/AKT for modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose in vitro and vivo.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Human Milk Composition, and Infant Growth.; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to affect human milk composition. Aims of this study were to compare macronutrient and energy content of human milk of women with (GDM(+)) and without GDM (GDM(-)), to assess the association between maternal health and human milk macronutrient and energy content and association between human milk macronutrient and energy content and infant growth. Study Design and Methods: Two months after delivery, hindmilk samples were collected. Triglyceride (TG), lactose, and protein content of human milk were measured. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Infant weight and length at birth and 2 months were collected. Weight-for-age (WAZ) and weight-for-length z-scores were calculated. Results: Twenty-four GDM(+) and 29 GDM(-) women were included. Protein, lactose, and energy content of human milk were similar between groups. TG concentration was higher in GDM(+) than in GDM(-) women (6.3 ± 2.0 versus 5.3 ± 1.2, p = 0.04). This difference was no longer significant after adjustment for maternal age and infant sex (p = 0.23). Maternal age was associated with TG (r = 0.28, p = 0.04) and lactose (r = -0.30, p = 0.03), while fasting glucose was associated with proteins (r = 0.30, p = 0.03) and tended to be associated with TG (r = 0.27, p = 0.05) and energy (r = 0.24, p = 0.08). TG levels in human milk were associated with weight (β: 0.26, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.02 to 0.50) and WAZ (β: 0.40, 95% CI: 0.05 to 0.75) at 2 months among children unexposed (GDM(-)) to GDM, but not among children exposed (GDM(+)) Conclusions: In conclusion, GDM status, maternal age, and fasting glucose level were associated with human milk composition. Finally, TG in human milk was associated with infant growth among GDM(-) children but not among GDM(+) children. ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02872402.
A Comprehensive Review of Risk Factors for Venous Thromboembolism: From Epidemiology to Pathophysiology.; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is the third most common cause of death worldwide. The incidence of VTE varies according to different countries, ranging from 1-2 per 1000 person-years in Western Countries, while it is lower in Eastern Countries (<1 per 1000 person-years). Many risk factors have been identified in patients developing VTE, but the relative contribution of each risk factor to thrombotic risk, as well as pathogenetic mechanisms, have not been fully described. Herewith, we provide a comprehensive review of the most common risk factors for VTE, including male sex, diabetes, obesity, smoking, Factor V Leiden, Prothrombin G20210A Gene Mutation, Plasminogen Activator Inhibitor-1, oral contraceptives and hormonal replacement, long-haul flight, residual venous thrombosis, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, trauma and fractures, pregnancy, immobilization, antiphospholipid syndrome, surgery and cancer. Regarding the latter, the incidence of VTE seems highest in pancreatic, liver and non-small cells lung cancer (>70 per 1000 person-years) and lowest in breast, melanoma and prostate cancer (<20 per 1000 person-years). In this comprehensive review, we summarized the prevalence of different risk factors for VTE and the potential molecular mechanisms/pathogenetic mediators leading to VTE.
Does preconception care work?; BACKGROUND: To date, there is a lack of evidence to suggest that a systematic and coordinated approach to prepregnancy care might make a difference. AIMS: To evaluate whether women who receive preconception care through a structured approach will be more likely to be healthy around the time of conception compared with women who plan their pregnancy but have not been exposed to preconception care. METHODS: A case control study was undertaken of women who attended the preconception care service and subsequently conceived, received maternity care and gave birth at Mater Health Services Brisbane between January 2010 and January 2013. Pregnancy information and birth outcomes for each woman who attended the service were matched with those of three women who reported that they had planned their pregnancy but did not attend the service. Records were matched for prepregnancy BMI, age, parity, prepregnancy smoking status and number of health conditions. RESULTS: Pregnant women who attended preconception care were more likely to have received adequate peri-conceptual folate, to report being vaccinated against influenza and hepatitis B, to have consulted with a specialist with the specific aim of optimising a pre-existing health condition and to report less weight gain up until booking. Preterm birth and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were less common amongst women who had attended preconception care, and there were trends towards a decreased incidence of gestational diabetes, LGA and fetal anomalies. CONCLUSION: These preliminary data provide some optimism that a comprehensive preconception care service may positively influence maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Outcome of pregnancy following investigation and treatment of infertility.; We studied 500 women who conceived after investigation and treatment for different infertility problems and compared the outcome of the 5 infertility groups (Group 1 to 5), the ovulatory dysfunction (Group 1), male infertility (Group 2), A.I.D. (Group 3), tubal surgery and IVF (Group 4) and no treatment (Group 5) with the outcome in the hospital group during a period of 3 years. The incidence of abortion in Group 3 is significantly higher (13.8%), the incidence of ectopic pregnancy is significantly higher in Group 4 (21.7%) as compared with the incidence in the hospital group (P less than 0.01). The rate of pre-existing hypertension and gestational diabetes is significantly higher in all the 5 infertility groups as compared with the incidence in the hospital group (P less than 0.05). The incidence of preterm labor in general is less in the infertility group as compared with the incidence in the hospital group (P greater than 0.05). The incidence of older women, multiple pregnancy, induction of labor, operative deliveries, fetal distress, low Apgar score, babies with birth weight below the tenth centile were higher in the infertility groups (P less than 0.05). But the perinatal mortality or major or minor fetal anomalies were not significantly different in the infertility groups as compared with the rate in the hospital groups (P greater than 0.05).
A prospective and longitudinal study of plasma phospholipid saturated fatty acid profile in relation to cardiometabolic biomarkers and the risk of gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Data on saturated fatty acids (SFAs) in relation to metabolic function and glucose homeostasis remain controversial. Such data are lacking among pregnant women. OBJECTIVE: We prospectively investigated objectively measured individual and subclasses of plasma phospholipid SFAs throughout pregnancy in relation to cardiometabolic markers and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk. DESIGN: Within the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singleton Cohort of 2802 singleton pregnancies, 107 GDM cases were ascertained via medical record review and matched to 214 non-GDM controls on age, race/ethnicity, and gestational week (GW) at blood collection. Individual plasma phospholipid SFA concentrations were repeatedly measured throughout pregnancy at GWs 10-14, 15-26, 23-31, and 33-39 and also grouped into subclasses of even- or odd-chain SFAs. RESULTS: From GW 10, even-chain SFA concentrations were significantly higher among women who later developed GDM, whereas odd-chain SFAs were significantly lower among GDM cases compared with controls. At GWs 10-14, the SFA palmitic acid (16:0) was positively associated with impaired insulin resistance and cardiometabolic markers and the risk of GDM [adjusted OR comparing the highest with the lowest quartile (aORQ4-Q1): 4.76; 95% CI: 1.72, 13.10; P-trend = 0.001]. In contrast, odd-chain SFAs were inversely related to the previously mentioned markers and GDM risk [aORQ4-Q1 for pentadecanoic acid (15:0): 0.32; 95% CI: 0.11, 0.92; P-trend = 0.025; for heptadecanoic acid (17:0): 0.20; 95% CI: 0.07, 0.58; P-trend = 0.003]. Women with high (median or greater) even-chain SFA concentrations and low (less than median) odd-chain SFAs had a 9.43-fold (95%: CI 3.26-, 27.30-fold) increased risk compared with women with low even-chain and high odd-chain SFA concentrations. Similar results were observed at GWs 15-26. CONCLUSIONS: The study provided one of the first lines of evidence suggesting that circulating concentrations of SFAs varying by SFA chain length, as early as GWs 10-14, were significantly and differentially associated with subsequent risk of GDM. Our findings highlight the importance of assessing objectively measured, individual, and subclasses of SFAs to investigate their distinct biological and pathophysiologic roles in glucose homeostasis and cardiometabolic outcomes. This study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00912132.
A Comparison of the Cost-Effectiveness of Lifestyle Interventions in Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Lifestyle interventions during pregnancy improve maternal and infant outcomes. We aimed to compare the cost-effectiveness of 4 antenatal lifestyle intervention types with standard care. METHODS: A decision tree model was constructed to compare lifestyle intervention effects from a novel meta-analysis. The target population was women with singleton pregnancies and births at more than 20 weeks' gestation. Interventions were categorized as diet, diet with physical activity, physical activity, and mixed (lacking structured diet and, or, physical activity components). The outcome of interest was cost per case prevented (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, cesarean birth) expressed as an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) from the Australian public healthcare perspective. Scenario analyses were included for all structured interventions combined and by adding neonatal intensive care unit costs. Costs were estimated from published data and consultations with experts and updated to 2019 values. Discounting was not applied owing to the short time horizon. RESULTS: Physical activity interventions reduced adverse maternal events by 4.2% in the intervention group compared with standard care and could be cost saving. Diet and diet with physical activity interventions reduced events by 3.5% (ICER = A$4882) and 2.9% (ICER = A$2020), respectively. Mixed interventions did not reduce events and were dominated by standard care. In scenario analysis, all structured interventions combined and all interventions when including neonatal intensive care unit costs (except mixed) may be cost saving. Probabilistic sensitivity analysis showed that for physical activity and all structured interventions combined, the probability of being cost saving was 58% and 41%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Governments can expect a good return on investment and cost savings when implementing effective lifestyle interventions population-wide.
Lactation and Maternal Cardio-Metabolic Health.; Researchers hypothesize that pregnancy and lactation are part of a continuum, with lactation meant to "reset" the adverse metabolic profile that develops as a part of normal pregnancy, and that when lactation does not occur, women maintain an elevated risk of cardio-metabolic diseases. Several large prospective and retrospective studies, mostly from the United States and other industrialized countries, have examined the associations between lactation and cardio-metabolic outcomes. Less evidence exists regarding an association of lactation with maternal postpartum weight status and dyslipidemia, whereas more evidence exists for an association with diabetes, hypertension, and subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease.
Parental diabetes in Taiwanese diabetic women with and without previous gestational diabetes.; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is reported to be associated with maternal but not paternal diabetes. This study examined the relative contribution of maternal and paternal diabetes among type 2 diabetic women with and without a GDM history. Materials and methods A total of 48 502 type 2 diabetic women from a national sample were interviewed by telephone. Among them, 510 reported a GDM history. Parental diabetes was compared between patients with and without a GDM history considering the confounding effects of age, body mass index, smoking, hypertension, duration of diabetes and insulin use. Results Patients with a GDM history were younger in age, had younger age of onset, longer duration of diabetes, slightly lower body mass index, higher prevalence of insulin use and lower prevalence of hypertension, but smoking rates were similar. The percentages of parental diabetes of nil, mother only, father only and both father and mother for those without a GDM history were 76.2, 15.2, 5.8 and 2.8%, respectively; and were 47.8, 26.8, 17.5 and 7.9%, respectively, for those with a GDM history (P < 0.001). The adjusted odds ratios for patients with versus without a GDM history for parental diabetes of nil, mother only, father only, and both father and mother were 1.000, 1.210 (0.948-1.544), 1.783 (1.341-2.371) and 2.094 (1.440-3.045), respectively. Conclusions Although maternal diabetes is more commonly seen, the disproportionately higher paternal diabetes in patients with a GDM history suggests an important role for paternal diabetes on the development of GDM into type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Type 2 diabetes across generations: from pathophysiology to prevention and management.; Type 2 diabetes is now a pandemic and shows no signs of abatement. In this Seminar we review the pathophysiology of this disorder, with particular attention to epidemiology, genetics, epigenetics, and molecular cell biology. Evidence is emerging that a substantial part of diabetes susceptibility is acquired early in life, probably owing to fetal or neonatal programming via epigenetic phenomena. Maternal and early childhood health might, therefore, be crucial to the development of effective prevention strategies. Diabetes develops because of inadequate islet β-cell and adipose-tissue responses to chronic fuel excess, which results in so-called nutrient spillover, insulin resistance, and metabolic stress. The latter damages multiple organs. Insulin resistance, while forcing β cells to work harder, might also have an important defensive role against nutrient-related toxic effects in tissues such as the heart. Reversal of overnutrition, healing of the β cells, and lessening of adipose tissue defects should be treatment priorities.
Morbid obesity: pregnancy risks, birth risks and status of the newborn.; In perinatal medicine, severe obesity of the mother occurs in approximately 1% of cases. This is a problem of increasing importance because of the rising prevalence of juvenile obesity. Our retrospective cohort study aimed at characterising high-risk pregnancies associated with morbid obesity (body mass index [BMI]> or =40). This is of interest not only from an epidemiological perspective and for developing guidelines for clinical care but also from an anthropological point of view. We analysed the German perinatal statistics of the years 1998-2000 with data from more than 500,000 pregnancies. Pregnant women with coexistent morbid obesity were compared to a normal weight reference sample with regard to gestational, perinatal and neonatal risks. Birth weight percentiles were used to classify the neonates according to size (hypotrophy if <10th, hypertrophy/foetal macrosomia if >90th). The obtained risk profile for morbidly obese pregnant women primarily showed pregnancy related diseases, such as hypertension, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Hypertension and signs of foetal hypoxaemia occurred at higher frequencies with morbid obesity. Hypertrophic neonates were born 3.3 times more often to obese mothers than to mothers of the normal weight. At a BMI> or =40 the rates of complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, impending foetal hypoxaemia, foetal macrosomia, as well as neonatal infections and hyperbilirubinaemia were significantly higher. Obesity and maternal comorbidities, accounted for a higher rate of caesarean sections of up to 38.4% at a BMI> or =45. All differences were highly significant. Preconceptionally, the therapeutic approach should be weight reduction.
The plasma logarithm of the triglyceride/HDL-cholesterol ratio is a predictor of low risk gestational diabetes in early pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The plasma lipid profile changes atherogenically during normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can exacerbate the changes in metabolism. The logarithm of the ratio triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol is an atherogenic index of the plasma (AIP) and can be used as a marker for plasma atherogenicity. METHODS: Serum of 576 unrelated Euro-Brazilian pregnant women was collected and the subjects were classified as healthy pregnant women (control, n=288) and gestational diabetic patients (GDM, n=288) according to the ADA 2010 criteria. Both studied groups were sub classified in 4 gestational periods: (i) 12-23, (ii) 24-28, (iii) 29-32 and (iv) >32 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Except for the AIP, the other parameters showed low discrimination between control and GDM groups (ROC curves). When analyzed by ROC curves the AIP of subjects in the early period of gestation showed sensitivity and specificity of 82.6% and 83.4%, respectively, with a cut-off point of 0.099 (AUC 0.886, P<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The AIP is a valuable index to identify pregnant women with low risk of gestational diabetes before 24 weeks of gestation.
Associations between serum placental leucine aminopeptidase and pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between serum concentrations of placental leucine aminopeptidase (P-LAP) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and perinatal mortality. METHODS: In a prospective study, women with singleton pregnancies and affected by HDP, GDM, or fetal death, and those who were healthy, were enrolled at Shenzhen Seventh People's Hospital, Shenzhen, China, between January 2014 and July 2015. Serum P-LAP concentrations at delivery/fetal death were compared among the groups. The predictive value of serum P-LAP levels in fetal death was evaluated. RESULTS: Serum P-LAP concentrations were (mean ± SEM) 74.02 ± 8.45 U/L in the HDP group (n=38), 72.57 ± 12.03 U/L in the GDM group (n=35), and 3.76 ± 3.02 U/L in the fetal death group (n=14), all of which were significantly lower than the mean concentration of 107.11 ± 30.68 U/L in the control group (n=30; P=0.031, P=0.042, and P<0.001, respectively). On the basis of the receiver operating characteristic curve, low serum P-LAP levels had high sensitivity and specificity for predicting fetal death (100% and 78.9%, respectively, for a serum P-LAP cutoff of 47.07 U/L). CONCLUSION: Serum P-LAP levels were reduced among patients with HDP and GDM, and extremely low among patients affected by fetal death. Serum P-LAP is potentially a viable predictor of fetal death.
Gestational Glycemic Parameters and Future Cardiometabolic Risk at Medium-Term Follow Up.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes is known to be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular disease. However, it is not known which gestational glycemic parameters mediate this risk. The study's aim was to assess the relationship between gestational glycemic parameters and gestational diabetes with future cardiometabolic status. METHODS: This cohort study comprised subjects who underwent assessment for gestational diabetes by means of a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at Mater Dei Hospital, Malta, during 2009. These patients were consequently followed up through January 2018. Carotid intima-media thickness was assessed as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in both common carotid arteries. RESULTS: The mean age of the study population was 38.3±5.4 years. Of the 203 participants, 43 (21.2%) had gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes and individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests were associated with higher glycated hemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, low-density-cholesterol and lower high-density-cholesterol levels and with the presence of the metabolic syndrome in both univariate and multivariate analyses after a median follow up of 8 years. Neither gestational diabetes nor individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests was associated with current carotid intima-media thickness. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that there is no threshold of glycemic parameters for predicting future cardiometabolic status. Our data also suggest that the known association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease is mediated, at least in part, by higher postpregnancy glycemia and worse lipid profiles, even though these metabolic parameters often remain within the normal range.
Normal pregnancy and healthy child after continued exposure to gliclazide and ramipril during pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of exposure to gliclazide and ramipril during pregnancy in a patient with diabetes mellitus and hypertension. CASE SUMMARY: A 42-year-old female with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension who had been taking gliclazide 30 mg/day and ramipril 10 mg/day for 2 years was admitted in the 16th week of gestation. The following week, gliclazide and ramipril were discontinued and methyldopa 500 mg 4 times daily and intensive insulin therapy were instituted. Blood glucose concentrations and blood pressure remained within acceptable levels throughout the pregnancy. The patient gave birth to a healthy child (3200 g) by cesarean section after completing an uneventful gestation period. DISCUSSION: Oral antidiabetic drug use in pregnancy is not recommended secondary to known effects on the fetus such as congenital abnormalities, fetal hyperinsulinemia, macrosomia, and neonatal hypoglycemia. Although this infant had no abnormalities after being exposed to gliclazide and ramipril during the first 16 weeks of gestation, this case is not an unconditionally acceptable indication for safety of these medications in pregnancy. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors increase fetal risks and therefore should not be used during pregnancy, according to data from animals and humans. There are few data available on use of sulfonylureas; thus, their use should also be avoided during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Although the normal pregnancy outcome in our patient does not indicate that use of gliclazide and ramipril is safe during gestation, these data contribute to limited information regarding human exposure to these drugs.
Obesity Cut-Off Points Using Prepregnancy Body Mass Index according to Cardiometabolic Conditions in Pregnancy.; AIM: To suggest cut-off points for body mass index (BMI) using gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as cardiometabolic conditions in pregnancy. METHODS: In this prospective study, singleton pregnant women from the fetal medicine service of the Brazilian Unified Health System were included. The pregnancy, perinatal, and newborn data were obtained from the clinical medical records. Maternal anthropometry included an assessment of weight and height and the prepregnancy BMI evaluation categorized according to the World Health Organization cut-off points. The area under the curve and confidence interval values from receiver operator curves were generated to identify the optimal cut-off points using prepregnancy BMI with better sensitivity and specificity. RESULTS: Data on 218 pregnancies were analyzed, with 57.9% (n = 124) being classified as overweight/obese, 11% (n = 24) with GDM, 6.9% (n = 15) with preeclampsia, and 11.0% (n = 24) with gestational hypertension. The BMI cut-off points for predicting cardiometabolic conditions were 27.52 kg/m(2) (S: 66.7%; E: 63.8%) for women with GDM; 27.40 kg/m(2) (S: 73.3%; E: 62.4%; S: 79.2%; E: 64.9%; S: 70.3%; E: 66.3%) for women with preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and gestational hypertension plus preeclampsia, respectively; and 27.96 kg/m(2) (S: 69.6%; E: 65.6%) for women with preeclampsia plus GDM. CONCLUSION: The findings suggest that the optimal prepregnancy BMI cut-off point is around 27 kg/m(2) for pregnant women with maternal cardiometabolic conditions.
[Uteroplacental blood flow in maternal diabetes mellitus].; Various uteroplacental blood flow disorders, their diagnosis, and correction, especially if the maternal obstetric history is burdened by endocrinopathy, still remain an urgent obstetric problem. OBJECTIVE: To study blood flow in the vessel-red blood cell segment and to search for changes in both the vessels of the villous tree of the placenta and uterus and the properties of blood corpuscles, by using modern microscopy methods (scanning probe microscopy, atomic force microscopy). MATERIAL AND METHODS: For macroscopic and microscopic examinations, fragments of the placenta, umbilical cord, and uterus were taken; venous blood samples were collected from patients without endocrinopathy, with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) prior to delivery. The data were statistically processed using both parametric (Student's t-test) and nonparametric (Fisher's exact test) methods. RESULTS: The authors found that microangiopathy and other metabolic changes in diabetes mellitus could lead to villous stromal sclerosis, the appearance of intermediate villi, changes in blood vessel shape, relief tortuosity, depth, and area, endothelial cell destruction, stasis, and thrombosis. In these endocrinopathies, there were also changes in maternal red blood cells: their polymorphism was observed and geometric parameters and deformability were impaired. In this case, cell shape impairment correlated with the severity of the above described vascular complications. CONCLUSION: The use of modern microscopy methods makes it possible to diagnose uteroplacental blood flow changes even in early pregnancy and to prevent the progression of uteroplacental blood flow disorders and placental insufficiency.
Insulin resistance is associated with gestational hypertension and not with preeclampsia: a population-based screening study.; AIMS: To investigate the relationship between insulin resistance (IR) and subsequent gestational hypertension (GH) or preeclampsia (PE) in normoglycemic and in gestational diabetic pregnant women. Furthermore, we tested whether this association was independent of the prepregnancy body mass index (BMI). METHODS: Each participant underwent a 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) according to World Health Organization recommendation criteria with determination of serum glucose and C-peptide concentrations. IR was determined as a C-peptide-to-glucose ratio at the fasting (FCGR) state and at 2 h (2CGR) after load. RESULTS: A total of 2,954 women were included with a singleton pregnancy, delivery at term, no chronic hypertension, and data on both glucose and C-peptide. Of these women, 183 (6.2%) developed GH and 49 (1.7%) PE. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was diagnosed in 6.0% of the participants. The FCGR and 2CGR were significantly higher in all women with GH, irrespective of their BMI, compared to the normotensive group; however, the PE and the normotensive groups had similar FCGR and 2CGR values. CONCLUSIONS: The present study suggests that IR at the OGTT is associated with the later development of GH; on the other hand, it is not associated with PE. These relationships are independent of the maternal BMI.
Basal insulin analogues in diabetic pregnancy: a literature review and baseline results of a randomised, controlled trial in type 1 diabetes.; As basal insulin analogues are being used off-label, there is a need to evaluate their safety (maternal hypoglycaemia and fetal and perinatal outcomes) and efficacy [haemoglobin A1c(HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose, and maternal weight gain]. The aim of this review is to provide an overview of the current literature concerning basal insulin analogue use in diabetic pregnancy, and to present the design and preliminary, non-validated baseline characteristics of a currently ongoing randomized, controlled, open-label, multicentre, multinational trial comparing insulin detemir with neutral protamine hagedorn insulin, both with insulin aspart, in women with type 1 diabetes planning a pregnancy (n = 306) or are already pregnant (n = 164). Inclusion criteria include type 1 diabetes > 12 months' duration; screening HbA1c ≤ 9.0% (women recruited prepregnancy), or pregnant with gestational age 8-12 weeks and HbA1c ≤ 8.0% at randomization. At confirmation of pregnancy all subjects must have HbA1c ≤ 8.0%. Exclusion criteria include impaired hepatic function, cardiac problems, and uncontrolled hypertension. Subjects are randomized to either insulin detemir or neutral protamine hagedorn insulin, both with prandial insulin aspart. The results are expected mid-2011 with full publications expected later this year. Baseline characteristics show that basal insulin analogues are already frequently used in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. This study will hopefully elucidate the safety and efficacy of the basal insulin analogue detemir in diabetic pregnancy.
Association between the Maternal Mediterranean Diet and Perinatal Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; The Mediterranean diet is a global, well-known healthy dietary pattern. This review aims to synthesize the existing evidence on the relationship between the maternal Mediterranean diet during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, including randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and cohort studies. PubMed, Web of Science, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to 10 March, 2023, supplemented by manual screening. A random-effect model was used to estimate pooled sizes with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for specific outcomes of interest. Data from 5 RCTs and 18 cohort studies with 107,355 pregnant participants were synthesized. In RCTs, it was observed that the maternal Mediterranean diet significantly reduced the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus [odds ratio (OR), 0.56; 95% CI: 0.34, 0.93], as well as small for gestational age (0.55; 95% CI: 0.35, 0.88). In cohort studies, the highest adherence score to the maternal Mediterranean diet was inversely associated with a lower risk of various adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.82; 95% CI: 0.67, 1.00), pregnancy-induced hypertension (0.73; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.89), pre-eclampsia (0.77; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.93), preterm delivery (0.67; 95% CI: 0.49, 0.91), low birth weight (0.70; 95% CI: 0.64, 0.78), intrauterine growth restriction (0.46; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.91), and increased gestational age at delivery (weighted mean difference, 0.11 wk; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.20). Meta-regression analyses did not identify the adjustment for confounders and geographical location as predictive factors for heterogeneity. The results suggest that adherence to the Mediterranean diet during pregnancy appears to be beneficial for perinatal outcomes. Future, larger, and higher-quality RCTs and cohort studies are warranted to confirm the present findings. PROSPERO registration no.: CRD42023406317.
Autonomic influence on pregnancy outcome in IDDM.; We evaluated the autonomic influence on pregnancy outcome with prospective study of 100 consecutive pregnancies in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). Tests of cardiovascular autonomic nervous function were performed at the beginning of each pregnancy, and two groups were formed. Group 1 was comprised of 23 pregnancies with autonomic dysfunction, and group 2 was comprised of 77 pregnancies with no abnormalities in cardiovascular tests. Elective abortion was later induced for medical reasons in two cases in group 1, and these women were excluded from the study. The groups were comparable with respect to age, duration of diabetes, and presence of nephropathy. Both groups also achieved comparable glycemic control during pregnancy. There were no significant differences between groups 1 and 2 in any specific pregnancy complication (spontaneous abortions, 5 vs. 3%; perinatal mortality, 10 vs. 1%; congenital malformations, 10 vs. 4%; respiratory distress syndrome, 5 vs. 8%; preeclampsia, 20 vs. 10%; maternal ketoacidosis, 4 vs. 0%; and maternal hypoglycemic accidents, 10 vs. 4%, respectively), but the frequency of pregnancies with at least one of the above complications was greater in group 1 (52 vs. 23%, P = 0.01). Stepwise logistic regression analysis showed the association between autonomic dysfunction and pregnancy outcome to be independent of high initial glycosylated hemoglobin levels, long duration of diabetes, and nephropathy. Maternal autonomic dysfunction seems to be associated with an increased frequency of overall pregnancy complications but does not significantly interfere with the achievement of tight metabolic control during pregnancy.
Prevalence and outcome of chronic hypertension and its complications with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: With the full liberalization of China's fertility policy, the gradual increase in maternal age during pregnancy, and the rising proportion of overweight and obesity among women of childbearing age, the number of pregnant women with chronic hypertension (CHTN) combined with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing, leading to a significantly increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study aims to analyze the prevalence of CHTN and CHTN complications with GDM, and compare the adverse pregnancy outcomes between the 2 conditions, providing a basis for intervention measures. METHODS: This study was a prospective cohort study. A total of 378 366 cases from a large cohort of pregnant women between January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2020 were screened to identify 1 418 cases of pregnant women with CHTN, among which 1 027 were cases of CHTN alone and 391 were cases of CHTN combined with GDM. SAS9.4 was used to statistically analyze the basic characteristics, clinical data, and pregnant outcomes of pregnant women and to analyze the risk factors affecting the pregnancy outcomes of patients with CHTN and its complications with GDM. RESULTS: The prevalence rate of CHTN with pregnancy was 3.8‰, and the prevalence rate of CHTN combined with GDM was 1.0‰. Patients with CHTN combined with GDM accounted for 27.57% (391/1 418) of all pregnant women with CHTN. Maternal age, number of pregnancies, parity, previous cesarean section, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and mean arterial pressure at the time of enrollment were statistically significant differences between the 2 groups (all P<0.05). After adjusting for potential confounding factors such as maternal age, parity, and number of pregnancies, binary Logistic regression analysis showed that pregnant women with CHTN combined with GDM had a 1.348 times higher risk of cesarean section (OR=1.348, 95% CI 1.043 to 1.741), a 2.029 times higher risk of placental adhesion (OR=2.029, 95% CI 1.190 to 3.462), a 1.540 times higher risk of preeclampsia (OR=1.540, 95% CI 1.101 to 2.152), and a 2.670 times higher risk of macrosomia (OR=2.670, 95% CI 1.398 to 5.100) compared to pregnant women with CHTN alone. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with CHTN combined with GDM have a high risk, and their pregnancy outcomes differ from those of pregnant women with CHTN alone in terms of cesarean section, placental adhesion, preeclampsia, and macrosomia. Prenatal care for this population, especially the management of blood pressure and blood sugar, needs to be given special attention.
Environmental and Genetic Risk Factors of Congenital Anomalies: an Umbrella Review of Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of congenital anomalies in newborns in South Korea was 272.9 per 100,000 in 2005, and 314.7 per 100,000 in 2006. In other studies, the prevalence of congenital anomalies in South Korea was equivalent to 286.9 per 10,000 livebirths in 2006, while it was estimated 446.3 per 10,000 births during the period from 2008 to 2014. Several systematic reviews and meta-analyses analyzing the factors contributing to congenital anomalies have been reported, but comprehensive umbrella reviews are lacking. METHODS: We searched PubMed, Google Scholar, Cochrane, and EMBASE databases up to July 1, 2019, for systematic reviews and meta-analyses that investigated the effects of environmental and genetic factors on any type of congenital anomalies. We categorized 8 subgroups of congenital anomalies classified according to the 10th revision of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases (ICD-10). Two researchers independently searched the literature, retrieved the data, and evaluated the quality of each study. RESULTS: We reviewed 66 systematic reviews and meta-analyses that investigated the association between non-genetic or genetic risk factors and congenital anomalies. Overall, 269 associations and 128 associations were considered for environmental and genetic risk factors, respectively. Congenital anomalies based on congenital heart diseases, cleft lip and palate, and others were associated with environmental risk factors based on maternal exposure to environmental exposures (air pollution, toxic chemicals), parental smoking, maternal history (infectious diseases during pregnancy, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational diabetes mellitus), maternal obesity, maternal drug intake, pregnancy through artificial reproductive technologies, and socioeconomic factors. The association of maternal alcohol or coffee consumption with congenital anomalies was not significant, and maternal folic acid supplementation had a preventive effect on congenital heart defects. Genes or genetic loci associated with congenital anomalies included MTHFR, MTRR and MTR, GATA4, NKX2-5, SRD5A2, CFTR, and 1p22 and 20q12 anomalies. CONCLUSION: This study provides a wide perspective on the distribution of environmental and genetic risk factors of congenital anomalies, thus suggesting future studies and providing health policy implications.
Fetal breathing movements in late diabetic pregnancy: relationship to fetal heart rate patterns and Braxton Hicks' contractions.; In type-1 diabetic pregnancy, the occurrence of fetal breathing movements (FBM) was studied in relation to the fetal heart rate patterns (HRPs) A and B and to Braxton Hicks' contractions. Simultaneous 2-h recordings of fetal heart rate and body, eye and breathing movements were available for analysis (n = 44). These recordings were made in 20 fetuses of diabetic women at 32-38 weeks of gestation. Uterine activity was monitored at 36 and 38 weeks. For all recordings combined, the median incidences of FBM during HRPs A and B were 23% and 41%, respectively (NS). At low overall breathing activity (< 50% of total observation time), FBM were more numerous during HRP B than during HRP A in 83% of the recordings. However, if the overall breathing activity exceeded 50% of time FBM were preferentially made during HRP A in 93% of the recordings. This relationship was most pronounced at 38 weeks. These results corroborate our previous findings in the healthy near-term fetus. They show even more clearly that the state-dependent occurrence of FBM depends on the fetus' drive to breathe. During the recordings, breathing activity remained unchanged at all gestational ages studied, in contrast to the gradual decline in FBM seen in normal pregnancy. Braxton Hicks's contractions had no effect on FBM, which differs from the specific distribution of FBM during uterine contractions as previously found in uncomplicated pregnancies. We conclude that FBM in late diabetic pregnancy are not influenced by Braxton Hicks' contractions and that they do not show a clear-cut state-dependency. The (neural) mechanism underlying FBM differs from that in normal pregnancy.
Diagnosis and follow-up of type 2 diabetes in women with PCOS: a role for OGTT?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is common in premenopausal women. The majority of women with PCOS have insulin resistance and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) is higher in women with PCOS compared to controls. In non-pregnant women with PCOS, glycemic status may be assessed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) or HbA1c. OGTT has been reckoned gold standard test for diagnosing T2D, but OGTT is rarely used for diagnostic purpose in other non-pregnant individuals at risk of T2D, apart from PCOS. OGTT has questionable reproducibility, and high sensitivity of the 2-h glucose value is at the expense of relatively low specificity, especially regarding impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Furthermore, lean women with PCOS are rarely diagnosed with T2D and only few percent of normal-weight women have prediabetes. Glycemic status is necessary at diagnosis and during follow-up of PCOS, especially in women with high risk of T2D (obesity, previous gestational diabetes (GDM)). We suggest that OGTT should be used in the same situations in PCOS as in other patient groups at risk of T2D. OGTT is indicated for diagnosing GDM; however, OGTT during pregnancy may not be indicated in lean women with PCOS without other risk factors for GDM.
Asymmetric septal hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers. Fetal echocardiography and the impact of maternal diabetic control.; Maternal hyperglycemia may result in fetal hyperinsulinemia and asymmetric septal hypertrophy, macrosomia, and hypoglycemia in infants of diabetic mothers. We monitored glycosylated hemoglobin levels in 61 pregnant diabetic women each trimester as an index of maternal glycemic control and did serial fetal echocardiograms starting at 18 weeks of gestation. At delivery, cord blood C-peptide levels were obtained as an index of fetal hyperinsulinemia. Infants were assessed for hypoglycemia, macrosomia and septal thickening by echocardiography. Nineteen of the 61 infants (31%) had septal hypertrophy, were heavier, and had higher cord blood C-peptide levels and lower serum glucose levels than unaffected infants. Maternal glycosylated hemoglobin levels were higher during the third trimester in mothers of affected infants. Our data support a possible relationship between third-trimester maternal hyperglycemia and neonatal asymmetric septal hypertrophy, macrosomia, and hypoglycemia.
Inhaled Corticosteroids Use Is Not Associated With an Increased Risk of Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Two Nested Case-Control Studies.; There have been concerns that systemic corticosteroid use is associated with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and diabetes mellitus. However, the relationship between inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) and the risk of PIH has not been fully examined, and there was no study investigating the association between ICS use and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aims of the study are to determine whether the use of ICSs during pregnancy increases the risk of PIH and GDM in women.We conducted 2 nested case-control studies utilizing the nationwide insurance claims database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service (Seoul, Republic of Korea), in which 1,306,281 pregnant women who delivered between January 1, 2009 and December 31, 2011 were included. Among them, PIH cases and GDM cases were identified and matched controls were included. Conditional logistic regression analyses adjusted by other concomitant drugs use during and before pregnancy and confounding covariates including comorbidities were performed.Total 43,908 PIH cases and 219,534 controls, and 34,190 GDM cases and 170,934 control subjects were identified. When other concomitant drugs use during pregnancy was adjusted, ICS use was associated with an increased rate of PIH (adjusted odds ratio, 1.40 [95% CI, 1.05-1.87]). ICS medication possession ratios and cumulative doses were associated with an increased risk of PIH. However, the statistical significance was not found in other models. In both unadjusted and adjusted multivariable models, ICSs use was not associated with increase in the risk of GDM.ICSs use is not associated with an increased risk of PIH and GDM.
[Fetal and neonatal complications of gestational diabetes: perinatal mortality, congenital malformations, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, birth injuries, neonatal outcomes].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate perinatal outcomes in case of gestational diabetes (GD) treated or not. METHODS: This study is based on Pubmed search and on NICE and HAS recommendations. RESULTS: Moderate or severe GD increases the risk of foetal and neonatal complications [EL1]. The risk of malformation is slightly increased in case of GD compared with non diabetic population [EL2]. The increased risk of malformation is probably linked to undiagnosed cases of type 2 diabetes among cases of GD [EL2]. There is a continuous association of maternal glucose levels with increased birth weight [EL2]. The incidence of macrosomia decreases when diabetes is treated [EL1]. Data from the literature don't allow estimating precise risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in case of GD, but severe clinical form is exceptional. Risk of neonatal asphyxia and perinatal death is not increased in case of GD [EL2]. Birth injuries and nerve palsy are rare in case of GD, and there is no evidence for increased incidence of such events when GD is not treated. The risk of neonatal respiratory distress whatever is the cause, is difficult to estimate. There is no evidence to establish a link between GD and neonatal respiratory distress. It is difficult to estimate the risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia because of various definitions used in the different studies, but the frequency of hypoglycaemia treated with IV glucose is low [EL1]. The risk of hypocalcemia [EL4] and hyperbilirubinemia [EL1] is similar to that of the general population. CONCLUSION: Severe perinatal complications specifically linked to GD are rare. Macrosomia is the principal neonatal adverse outcomes demonstrated in case of GD. It is the main factor related to the complications reported in case of GD. Maternal obesity is an additional risk factor of neonatal adverse outcomes and is independent from the diabetes.
Diabetes and the kidney in pregnancy.; The prevalence of diabetes in pregnant women is increasing, with 4% of deliveries in the United States occurring in women with pregestational or gestational diabetes. The proteinuria of late pregnancy is exaggerated in women with diabetes. However, diabetic women with preserved renal function before pregnancy appear to have little risk of deterioration of kidney function during pregnancy. Women with impaired renal function before pregnancy may be at risk for permanent decline of renal function during pregnancy, although it is unclear whether this represents the effect of pregnancy or the natural history of their diabetic renal disease. Preeclampsia, which is more common in women with diabetes, may be difficult to diagnose in this group of women. From the currently available literature, there appears to be no negative effect of pregnancy on the long-term progression of diabetic renal disease if renal function is normal and marked proteinuria is absent, but in light of recent findings in which preeclampsia appears to be associated with an increased risk of end-stage renal disease, large cohort studies will be necessary before this question can be definitively answered.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Developmental Programming.; During normal pregnancy, increased insulin resistance acts as an adaptation to enhance materno-foetal nutrient transfer and meet the nutritional needs of the developing foetus, particularly in relation to glucose requirements. However, about 1 in 6 pregnancies worldwide is affected by the inability of the mother's metabolism to maintain normoglycaemia, with the combination of insulin resistance and insufficient insulin secretion resulting in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A growing body of epidemiologic work demonstrates long-term implications for adverse offspring health resulting from exposure to GDM in utero. The effect of GDM on offspring obesity and cardiometabolic health may be partly influenced by maternal obesity; this suggests that improving glucose and weight control during early pregnancy, or better still before conception, has the potential to lessen the risk to the offspring. The consequences of GDM for microbiome modification in the offspring and the impact upon offspring immune dysregulation are actively developing research areas. Some studies have suggested that GDM impacts offspring neurodevelopmental and cognitive outcomes; confirmatory studies will need to separate the effect of GDM exposure from the complex interplay of social and environmental factors. Animal and human studies have demonstrated the role of epigenetic modifications in underpinning the predisposition to adverse health in offspring exposed to suboptimal hyperglycaemic in utero environment. To date, several epigenome-wide association studies in human have extended our knowledge on linking maternal diabetes-related DNA methylation marks with childhood adiposity-related outcomes. Identification of such epigenetic marks can help guide future research to develop candidate diagnostic biomarkers and preventive or therapeutic strategies. Longer-term interventions and longitudinal studies will be needed to better understand the causality, underlying mechanisms, or impact of GDM treatments to optimize the health of future generations.
The first-trimester maternal serum cyclophilin A concentrations in women with complicated pregnancy as preeeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Cyclophilin A (CyPA) is a potential mediator of inflammation. We assessed the predictive value of the first-trimester maternal serum CyPA concentrations for complicated pregnancy. METHODS: The first-trimester serum CyPA concentrations were quantified in 100 women with normal pregnancy and in 351 women with complicated pregnancy, including 102 pre-eclampsia women, 131 gestational hypertension (GH) women and 118 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) women. Its association with complicated pregnancy was ascertained using multivariate analysis. RESULTS: Median CyPA concentrations were significantly higher in women developing complicated pregnancy as pre-eclampsia, GH or GDM than in women with normal pregnancy. CyPA concentrations were independently correlated with C-reactive protein concentrations in complicated pregnancy as pre-eclampsia, GH or GDM women. Serum CyPA and body mass index were independently associated with the development of complicated pregnancy as pre-eclampsia, GH or GDM. Serum CyPA possessed significantly high area under receiver operating characteristic curve. Meanwhile, CyPA significantly improved the predictive value of body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: Serum CyPA might be utilized as a potential inflammatory biomarker for complicated pregnancy and assessment of serum CyPA might aid in the prediction of complicated pregnancy.
Normalisation of a severely abnormal ductus venosus Doppler flow velocity waveform in a growth-retarded fetus with absent end-diastolic flow in the umbilical artery and congenital anomalies.; Doppler recordings of fetal venous blood flow seem to be superior to arterial velocimetry and CTG concerning the prediction of fetal outcome and optimal time of delivery in pregnancies with fetal growth retardation and AREDV. An improvement of arterial Doppler flow velocities has been described. We report the reappearance of a normal end-diastolic flow velocity in a ductus venosus temporarily showing reversed end-diastolic flow in a growth-retarded fetus with congenital anomalies. This normalization was accompanied by an improvement of the CTG, a loss of umbilical vein pulsations, a reappearance of umbilical diastolic flow and a progressive return of cerebral and venous blood flow into the 'normal' range. Improvement of fetal condition may be the explanation for our observation.
Evaluation of blood pressure and aortic elasticity of offspring of diabetic Wistar rats who have consumed flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate whether maternal use of flaxseed oil has effects on blood pressure and aorta elastic fibre in female offspring of diabetic mothers. METHODS: Diabetes was induced into the rats (n = 18) by a high-fat diet and streptozotocin. After diabetes confirmation, rats were mated, and after pregnancy was confirmed, they were allocated into three groups: control group (CG); high-fat group (HFG); and flaxseed oil group (FOG). At weaning, female offspring (n = 6/group) received standard chow diet and were euthanized at 100 days of life. The following blood pressure and the percentage of the aortic elastic fibre were analysed. RESULTS: HFG showed higher blood pressure, and the use of flaxseed oil avoided this condition in FOG (p < 0.001) and increased the percentage of the aortic elastic fibre (p < 0.022). CONCLUSIONS: Flaxseed oil reduced the damage caused by maternal hyperglycaemia, promoting normal blood pressure and elasticity of the aorta in female offspring.
A new model of diabetic pregnancy with genetic hypertension: pregnancy in spontaneously hypertensive rats with neonatal streptozotocin-induced diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We designed this study to develop a new animal model of high-risk pregnancy complicated by hypertension and diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Female spontaneously hypertensive rats were injected intraperitoneally with 75 mg/kg streptozotocin or vehicle as control at 2 days of age. They were mated with untreated male spontaneously hypertensive rats at 4 to 5 months of age. RESULTS: Hyperglycemia, defined as > 20 mmol/L plasma glucose level, was maintained during pregnancy in streptozotocin-treated spontaneously hypertensive rats, and systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in the streptozotocin-treated group than in controls before delivery (p < 0.01). Furthermore, urinary albumin excretion was significantly increased in the streptozotocin-treated group during and after pregnancy compared with the prepregnant level (p < 0.05), whereas in controls it remained unchanged. The incidence of low birth weight was significantly higher in male neonates from streptozotocin-treated mothers than those from control mothers (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Neonatally streptozotocin-treated spontaneously hypertensive rats may be useful for studying the combined effect of hypertension and diabetes mellitus during pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: clinical predictors and long-term risk of developing type 2 diabetes: a retrospective cohort study using survival analysis.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the long-term risk of type 2 diabetes following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and assess what maternal antepartum, postpartum, and neonatal factors are predictive of later development of type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study using survival analysis on 5,470 GDM patients and 783 control subjects who presented for postnatal follow-up at the Mercy Hospital for Women between 1971 and 2003. RESULTS: Risk of developing diabetes increased with time of follow-up for both groups and was 9.6 times greater for patients with GDM. The cumulative risk of developing type 2 diabetes for the GDM patients was 25.8% at 15 years postdiagnosis. Predictive factors for the development of type 2 diabetes were use of insulin (hazard ratio 3.5), Asian origin compared with Caucasian (2.1), and 1-h blood glucose (1.3 for every 1 mmol increase above 10.1 mmol). BMI was associated with an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes but did not meet the assumption of proportional hazards required for valid inference when using Cox proportional hazards. CONCLUSIONS: While specific predictive factors for the later development of type 2 diabetes can be identified in the index pregnancy, women with a history of GDM, as a group, are worthy of long-term follow-up to ameliorate their excess cardiovascular risk.
Does gestational diabetes increase the risk of maternal kidney disease? A Swedish national cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. It is uncertain whether GDM is independently associated with the risk of chronic kidney disease. The aim was to examine the association between GDM and maternal CKD and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and to determine whether this depends on progression to overt T2DM. METHODS: A population-based cohort study was designed using Swedish national registry data. Previous GDM diagnosis was the main exposure, and this was stratified according to whether women developed T2DM after pregnancy. Using Cox regression models, we estimated the risk of CKD (stages 3-5), ESKD and different CKD subtypes (tubulointerstitial, glomerular, hypertensive, diabetic, other). FINDINGS: There were 1,121,633 women included, of whom 15,595 (1·4%) were diagnosed with GDM. Overall, GDM-diagnosed women were at increased risk of CKD (aHR 1·81, 95% CI 1·54-2·14) and ESKD (aHR 4·52, 95% CI 2·75-7·44). Associations were strongest for diabetic CKD (aHR 8·81, 95% CI 6·36-12·19) and hypertensive CKD (aHR 2·46, 95% CI 1·06-5·69). These associations were largely explained by post-pregnancy T2DM. Among women who had GDM + subsequent T2DM, strong associations were observed (CKD, aHR 21·70, 95% CI 17·17-27·42; ESKD, aHR 112·37, 95% CI 61·22-206·38). But among those with GDM only, associations were non-significant (CKD, aHR 1·11, 95% CI 0·89-1·38; ESKD, aHR 1·58, 95% CI 0·70-3·60 respectively). CONCLUSION: Women who experience GDM and subsequent T2DM are at increased risk of developing CKD and ESKD. However, GDM-diagnosed women who never develop overt T2DM have similar risk of future CKD/ESKD to those with uncomplicated pregnancies.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of risk of gestational diabetes in women with preconception mental disorders.; There is a well-established bidirectional association between Type 2 diabetes and mental disorder and emerging evidence for an increased risk of perinatal mental disorder in women with gestational diabetes (GDM). However, the relation between mental disorder prior to pregnancy and subsequent risk of GDM remains relatively unexplored. This is a systematic review and meta-analysis of the risk of GDM in women with a range of preconception mental disorders. Peer-reviewed literature measuring odds of GDM and preconception mood, anxiety, psychotic and eating disorders was systematically reviewed. Risk of bias was assessed using a checklist. Two independent reviewers were involved. 22 observational studies met inclusion criteria; most were retrospective cohorts from English speaking, high income countries. 14 studies were at high risk of bias. There was evidence for an increased risk of GDM in women with schizophrenia (pooled OR 2.44; 95% CI 1.17,5.1; 5 studies) and a reduced risk of GDM in women with anorexia nervosa (pooled OR 0.63; 95% CI 0.49,0.80; 5 studies). There was some limited evidence of an increased risk in women with bipolar disorder. There was no evidence for an association with preconception depression or bulimia nervosa on meta-analysis. There were insufficient studies on anxiety disorders for meta-analysis. This review indicates that there is not a significant risk of GDM associated with many preconception mental disorders but women with psychotic disorders represent a group uniquely vulnerable to GDM. Early detection and management of GDM could improve physical and mental health outcomes for these women and their children.
Dexamethasone Intravitreal Implant for Diabetic Macular Edema During Pregnancy.; PURPOSE: To describe the management of diabetic macular edema during pregnancy with the use of a dexamethasone slow-release intravitreal implant. DESIGN: Retrospective, observational, consecutive case series. METHODS: The study included 5 pregnant women who presented with diabetic macular edema during pregnancy in the period from 2011 to 2014. Review of charts and photographs comprised best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA), foveal center field thickness assessed by optical coherence tomography, blood pressure, glycated hemoglobin, medications, and changes in such parameters after implant injection. RESULTS: Diabetic macular edema involving the foveal center was observed between gestational weeks 9 and 23 in 10 eyes of 5 patients. Dexamethasone intravitreal implant injection was given 10 times in 9 eyes with a mean preinjection center field retinal thickness of 535 μm (range, 239-727 μm) and a mean preinjection best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) of 63 approximated Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study (approxETDRS) letters (range, 50-77 letters). One eye was unavailable for follow-up. In 7 of 8 eyes injection was followed, within 3 weeks, by a greater than 145 μm reduction in foveal center field thickness and in 6 of 8 eyes by an increase in BCVA of 5 or more approxETDRS letters. A mild transient rise in intraocular pressure occurred in 3 out of 8 eyes. CONCLUSION: Diabetic macular edema involving the foveal center that presented during pregnancy responded promptly to intravitreal dexamethasone therapy by foveal thickness reduction and visual acuity improvement without clinically significant intraocular pressure increases.
Metabolomic Profiles of Nonobese and Obese Women With Gestational Diabetes.; CONTEXT: In non-pregnant population, nonobese individuals with obesity-related metabolome have increased risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The risk of these diseases is also increased after gestational diabetes. OBJECTIVE: This work aimed to examine whether nonobese (body mass index [BMI] < 30) and obese (BMI ≥ 30) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obese non-GDM women differ in metabolomic profiles from nonobese non-GDM controls. METHODS: Levels of 66 metabolic measures were assessed in early (median 13, IQR 12.4-13.7 gestation weeks), and across early, mid (20, 19.3-23.0), and late (28, 27.0-35.0) pregnancy blood samples in 755 pregnant women from the PREDO and RADIEL studies. The independent replication cohort comprised 490 pregnant women. RESULTS: Nonobese and obese GDM, and obese non-GDM women differed similarly from the controls across early, mid, and late pregnancy in 13 measures, including very low-density lipoprotein-related measures, and fatty acids. In 6 measures, including fatty acid (FA) ratios, glycolysis-related measures, valine, and 3-hydroxybutyrate, the differences between obese GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls. In 16 measures, including HDL-related measures, FA ratios, amino acids, and inflammation, differences between obese GDM or obese non-GDM women and controls were more pronounced than the differences between nonobese GDM women and controls. Most differences were evident in early pregnancy, and in the replication cohort were more often in the same direction than would be expected by chance alone. CONCLUSION: Differences between nonobese and obese GDM, or obese non-GDM women and controls in metabolomic profiles may allow detection of high-risk women for timely targeted preventive interventions.
Thromboelastography in women with pathological pregnancies: a preliminary study.; ABNORMALITIES during pregnancy are regarded as pathological pregnancy. Early detection of anomalies is urgent to take measures as soon as possible to prevent serious pregnancy complications. Procoagulant-anticoagulant imbalance is often the pathological basis of many pathological pregnancy conditions, leading to a hypercoagulable state. We compared the thromboelastographic parameters between pathological pregnancy and normal pregnancy patients, evaluated the value of thromboelastography in early detecting pathological pregnancy and predicting postpartum hemorrhage.
Associations among prenatal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus, brain structure, and child adiposity markers.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the mediating role of child brain structure in the relationship between prenatal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exposure and child adiposity. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of 9- to 10-year-old participants and siblings across the US. Data were obtained from the baseline assessment of the Adolescent Brain Cognitive Development (ABCD) Study®. Brain structure was evaluated by magnetic resonance imaging. GDM exposure was self-reported, and discordance for GDM exposure within biological siblings was identified. Mixed effects and mediation models were used to examine associations among prenatal GDM exposure, brain structure, and adiposity markers with sociodemographic covariates. RESULTS: The sample included 8521 children (7% GDM-exposed), among whom there were 28 sibling pairs discordant for GDM exposure. Across the entire study sample, prenatal exposure to GDM was associated with lower global and regional cortical gray matter volume (GMV) in the bilateral rostral middle frontal gyrus and superior temporal gyrus. GDM-exposed siblings also demonstrated lower global cortical GMV than unexposed siblings. Global cortical GMV partially mediated the associations between prenatal GDM exposure and child adiposity markers. CONCLUSIONS: The results identify brain markers of prenatal GDM exposure and suggest that low cortical GMV may explain increased obesity risk for offspring prenatally exposed to GDM.
Women's and healthcare providers' perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study.; OBJECTIVES: A diagnosis of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDPs) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is highly predictive of women at increased risk of developing chronic hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. This study investigates perceptions of women and healthcare providers in rural India regarding these long-term risks. DESIGN: Qualitative study using modified grounded theory. SETTING: Two states in rural India: Haryana and Andhra Pradesh. POPULATION: Pregnant and postpartum women, community health workers (CHWs), primary care physicians, obstetricians, laboratory technicians, and healthcare officials. METHODS: In-depth interviews and focus group discussions explored: (1) priorities for high-risk pregnant women; (2) detection and management of HDPs and GDM; (3) postpartum management, and (4) knowledge of long-term sequelae of high-risk conditions. A thematic analysis was undertaken. RESULTS: Seven focus group discussions and 11 in-depth interviews (n = 71 participants) were performed. The key priority area for high-risk pregnant women was anaemia. Blood pressure measurement was routinely embedded in antenatal care; however, postpartum follow up and knowledge of the long-term complications were limited. GDM was not considered a common problem, although significant variations and challenges to GDM screening were identified. Knowledge of the long-term sequelae of GDM with regard to an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among doctors was minimal. CONCLUSIONS: There is a need for improved education, standardisation of testing and postpartum follow up of HDPs and GDM in rural Indian settings. FUNDING: SN is supported by an MRC Clinical Research Training Fellowship (MR/R017182/1). The George Institute for Global Health Global Women's Health programme provided financial support for the research assistant and fieldwork costs in India. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Improved education and postpartum care of women with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy in rural India are needed to prevent long-term risks.
Does a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Affect Key Outcomes in Women Participating in a Diabetes Prevention Program?; Objectives To evaluate lifestyle change outcomes among women with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enrolled in the Montana Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP). Methods Participation, self-monitoring behavior, weight loss, and cardiometabolic risk reduction were compared among 5091 women at high-risk for type 2 diabetes, with and without a history of GDM, enrolled in the Montana DPP between 2008 and 2015. Results Women with a history of GDM (6% of enrolled women, n = 283) were significantly younger than women without GDM. No significant differences in participation, self-monitoring fat intake, achievement of the physical activity goal, or weight loss were found among women with and without a history of GDM. Overall, women lost an average of 5.0 kg (± 6.5), and 45 and 29% of women achieved 5 and 7% weight loss, respectively. Both groups lost significant and comparable amounts of weight. After adjusting for age and other factors, no differences were found in achievement of ≥ 5% weight loss (AOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.61-1.16) or the ≥ 7% weight loss goal (AOR 1.04; 95% CI 0.73-1.47) among women with and without a history of GDM. Conclusions for Practice Our findings suggest that women with and without a history of GDM successfully participate in and achieve significant weight loss in the DPP. Health care providers should identify and refer women with risk factors for type 2 diabetes, including a history of GDM, to a DPP within their community.
Risks for gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension are increased in polycystic ovary syndrome.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate pregnancy outcomes and its determinants in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: Two-hundred and twenty pregnant PCOS and 594 healthy women were followed from early pregnancy. Incidences of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), preterm birth, twinning, and fetal growth restriction (FGR) were determined. RESULTS: The incidence of GDM was notably higher among all PCOS combined (54.9%; OR: 2.9, 95% CI: 2.0-4.1) and PCOS subgroups, whether they conceived spontaneously (51.5%; OR: 3.3, 95% CI: 2.0-5.4), or via IVF-ET or ovarian stimulation, compared with controls (14.3%; P < 0.001). The incidence of PIH was also higher among all PCOS (10.4%; OR: 2.2, 95% CI: 1.1-4.4) and the subgroup conceiving spontaneously (11.8%; OR: 2.6, 95% CI: 1.1-6.2; P < 0.001) but not for those conceiving with IVF-ET (9.1%) or ovarian stimulation (9.4%). Lean women with PCOS (BMI <24 kg/m(2)) had higher incidences of GDM (51.1% versus 14.5%; OR: 5.6, 95% CI: 3.4-9.0) and PIH (8.9% versus 3.2%; OR: 3.0, 95% CI: 1.3-7.1) than lean controls. PCOS women with normal glucose tolerance had higher risk for PIH than their comparable control group (OR: 4.0, 95% CI: 1.3-11.7). CONCLUSION: This study suggested that PCOS is an independent risk factor for the development of GDM and PIH. This trial is registered with ChiCTR-RCC-11001824.
Maternal diabetes increases small conductance Ca2+-activated K+ (SK) currents that alter action potential properties and excitability of cardiac motoneurons in the nucleus ambiguus.; Parasympathetic cardiac motoneurons (PCMNs) in the nucleus ambiguus (NA) play a key role in regulating cardiac functions. In this study, we examined the effects of maternal diabetes on excitability, action potential (AP) properties, and small conductance Ca(2+)-activated K(+) (SK) currents of PCMNs. Neonatal mice from diabetic (OVE26 female, NMDM) and normal (FVB female, control) mothers that had been mated with nondiabetic fathers (FVB male) were used. Tracer XRITC was injected into the pericardial sac at P7-9 to retrogradely label PCMNs. Two days later, XRITC-labeled PCMNs were identified in brain stem slices. The responses of spike frequency, AP repolarization (half-width) and afterhyperpolarization (AHP) of PCMNs to current injections were studied using whole cell current clamp. Outward and afterhyperpolarization currents (I(AHP)) in response to voltage steps were measured using whole cell voltage clamp. In examining the effects of maternal diabetes on excitability and AP properties, we found that in NMDM spike frequency decreased, the half-width and AHP peak amplitude increased, and the peak amplitude of outward transient currents and I(AHP) increased compared with those measured in control. In examining the effects of maternal diabetes on SK channels, we found that after blockage of SK channels with a specific SK channel blocker apamin, maternal diabetes significantly increased apamin-sensitive outward transient currents and I(AHP), and suppressed AHP amplitude in NMDM more than those in control. Further, apamin application increased the firing rate to current injections and completely abolished the difference of the firing rate between control and NMDM. We suggest that the augmented SK-mediated currents may contribute to the increased AHP amplitude and the attenuated excitability of PCMNs in NMDM.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy and developmental outcomes in children at 18-60 months of age: the PANDORA Wave 1 study.; This study aimed to explore the association between hyperglycemia in pregnancy (type 2 diabetes (T2D) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)) and child developmental risk in Europid and Aboriginal women.PANDORA is a longitudinal birth cohort recruited from a hyperglycemia in pregnancy register, and from normoglycemic women in antenatal clinics. The Wave 1 substudy included 308 children who completed developmental and behavioral screening between age 18 and 60 months. Developmental risk was assessed using the Ages and Stages Questionnaire (ASQ) or equivalent modified ASQ for use with Aboriginal children. Emotional and behavioral risk was assessed using the Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the association between developmental scores and explanatory variables, including maternal T2D in pregnancy or GDM.After adjustment for ethnicity, maternal and child variables, and socioeconomic measures, maternal hyperglycemia was associated with increased developmental "concern" (defined as score ≥1 SD below mean) in the fine motor (T2D odds ratio (OR) 5.30, 95% CI 1.77-15.80; GDM OR 3.96, 95% CI 1.55-10.11) and problem-solving (T2D OR 2.71, 95% CI 1.05-6.98; GDM OR 2.54, 95% CI 1.17-5.54) domains, as well as increased "risk" (score ≥2 SD below mean) in at least one domain (T2D OR 5.33, 95% CI 1.85-15.39; GDM OR 4.86, 95% CI 1.95-12.10). Higher maternal education was associated with reduced concern in the problem-solving domain (OR 0.27, 95% CI 0.11-0.69) after adjustment for maternal hyperglycemia.Maternal hyperglycemia is associated with increased developmental concern and may be a potential target for intervention so as to optimize developmental trajectories.
Class H diabetes and pregnancy.; Class H diabetes is defined as the presence of diabetes of any duration associated with ischemic myocardial disease. Because of a lack of experience with the coexistence of myocardial ischemic disease and diabetes during pregnancy, it is difficult to offer patients an accurate prognosis for mother and infant during such a gestation. Previous reports suggest that outcomes in this situation are almost routinely poor. It is likely, however, that there is a subset of patients within the class H diabetic population in whom pregnancy can be successful. Reported are the pregnancies of three such patients. The authors suggest that careful attention to cardiac status and glycemic control contribute to both maternal and fetal well-being. Prepregnancy screening of class H patients for evidence of cardiac dysfunction may allow for the screening of those class H diabetic women who are most likely to achieve successful pregnancy outcome.
Outcomes of gestational weight gain outside the Institute of Medicine Guidelines.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcomes between women who gave birth at Lerdsin Hospital having gestational weight gain (GWG) within and above or below Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines. MATERIAL AND METHOD: All medical records of women who gave birth at Lerdsin Hospital between October 1, 2010 and September 30, 2013 were reviewed. Three thousands six hundred eighty three women who met inclusion criteria were divided into four categories according to pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) as underweight, normal weight, overweight and obese. Women in each categories were compared for outcomes (neonatal birth weight, cesarean birth, pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight (LBW), macrosomia, smallforgestational age (SGA) and largefor gestational age (LGA)), using logistic regression to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (Cls). RESULTS: Of3,683 pregnant women, 34.9% had weight gain within, 36.5% above, and 28.7% below IOM guidelines. Women with higher gestational weight gain in all BM7 categories had an increased risk of cesarean birth (except in obese group), macrosomia, LGA and a decreased riskforpreterm birth, LBW (exceptfor overweight group) and SGA. Women with lower gestational weight gain had an increased risk forpreterm birth, LBW SGA and a decreased risk for cesarean birth. Neonates deliveredfrom women whose gestational weight gains were above IOMguidelines were also heavier than those from neonates whose maternal weight gains during pregnancy were within IOM guidelines. CONCLUSION: The IOM guidelines are usefulfor monitoring gestational weight gain and if it were within guidelines, women could have decreased riskfor several adverse outcomes such as cesarean birth, macrosomia, LGA, preterm birth, LBW and SGA.
A comparative study of cumulative stress patterns within 14 days postpartum in healthy mothers and those with gestational diabetes: A prospective study.; Although the number of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is on the rise, only few studies have examined the cumulative stress associated with breastfeeding after childbirth. GDM mothers are susceptible to stress due to insulin resistance, and their level of stress is associated with breastfeeding. This study aimed to identify patterns of stress change over time in GDM mothers and healthy mothers and to identify the factors influencing those patterns.The participants of this study were mothers within 14 days after childbirth. The GDM group consisted of 32 mothers, and the healthy group comprised 30 mothers. Cumulative stress was measured in terms of heart rate variability, and linear mixed models were used to analyze changes over time.The cumulative stress of healthy mothers was about 8 points higher than that of mothers with GDM (t = -2.95, P = .005). The cumulative stress level was inversely associated with the mother's age (β=-1.20, P = .018), the mother's weight (β=-0.64, P = .008), and the baby's body mass index (β=-3.09, P = .038). Furthermore, an insufficient amount of breast milk was associated with higher stress (β=16.09, P = .007).GDM mothers and healthy mothers experienced different patterns of cumulative stress. Breastfeeding should be started quickly to promote health and stress reduction among mothers who are physically and psychologically vulnerable after childbirth.It is necessary to incorporate programs to promote breastfeeding considering stress levels at an appropriate time according to the mother's health condition.
Heterogeneity of cardiovascular risk factors profile in non-diabetic women 2-24 months post gestational diabetes mellitus.; Previously gestational diabetic (pGDM) women are characterized by high cardiovascular risk (CVR). The aim of this study was to assess the CVR markers levels in non-diabetic pGDM women in relation to time postpartum and to soluble E-selectin (sES) level. We investigated 125 women aged 18-40 years with a history of GDM between 2 and 24 months after their pregnancy. We evaluated age, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, glucose levels during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), levels of insulin and the parameters of endothelial dysfunction, fibrinolysis activity, low-grade systemic inflammation and lipid profiles. Prediabetes was identified in 38 women (30%), while in the remaining women OGTT results were normal. The tests performed >6 months revealed decreased hs-CRP (p = 0.01), sICAM-1 (p = 0.01), and elevated sES (p = 0.01) >12 months after adjustment for age, BMI, waist circumference and 2 h OGTT glucose. In the subgroup tested ≤12 months after an index pregnancy sES was independently associated with hs-CRP (p < 0.0001) and triglycerides (p = 0.0139). No association was found between sES and remaining parameters in women tested >12 months postpartum. We conclude that the period 2-24 months post GDM is heterogeneous with respect to the CVR markers. The plasma level of hs-CRP could be useful as an important cardiovascular risk marker up to 12 months postpartum in non-diabetic pGDM women.
Red meat consumption, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS: Observational studies show inconsistent associations of red meat consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. Moreover, red meat consumption varies by sex and setting, however, whether the associations vary by sex and setting remains unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS: This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to summarize the evidence concerning the associations of unprocessed and processed red meat consumption with CVD and its subtypes [coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, and heart failure], type two diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to assess differences by sex and setting (western vs. eastern, categorized based on dietary pattern and geographic region). Two researchers independently screened studies from PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Library for observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published by 30 June 2022. Forty-three observational studies (N = 4 462 810, 61.7% women) for CVD and 27 observational studies (N = 1 760 774, 64.4% women) for diabetes were included. Red meat consumption was positively associated with CVD [hazard ratio (HR) 1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.16 for unprocessed red meat (per 100 g/day increment); 1.26, 95% CI 1.18 to 1.35 for processed red meat (per 50 g/day increment)], CVD subtypes, T2DM, and GDM. The associations with stroke and T2DM were higher in western settings, with no difference by sex. CONCLUSION: Unprocessed and processed red meat consumption are both associated with higher risk of CVD, CVD subtypes, and diabetes, with a stronger association in western settings but no sex difference. Better understanding of the mechanisms is needed to facilitate improving cardiometabolic and planetary health.
Combined diet and exercise interventions for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a wide range of adverse health consequences for women and their infants in the short and long term. With an increasing prevalence of GDM worldwide, there is an urgent need to assess strategies for GDM prevention, such as combined diet and exercise interventions. This is an update of a Cochrane review that was first published in 2015. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of diet interventions in combination with exercise interventions for pregnant women for preventing GDM, and associated adverse health consequences for the mother and her infant/child. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (27 November 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and cluster-RCTs, comparing combined diet and exercise interventions with no intervention (i.e. standard care), that reported on GDM diagnosis as an outcome. Quasi-RCTs were excluded. Cross-over trials were not eligible for inclusion. We planned to include RCTs comparing two or more different diet/exercise interventions, however none were identified. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, assessed the risk of bias of the included trials and assessed quality of evidence for selected maternal and infant/child outcomes using the GRADE approach. We checked data for accuracy. MAIN RESULTS: In this update, we included 23 RCTs (involving 8918 women and 8709 infants) that compared combined diet and exercise interventions with no intervention (standard care). The studies varied in the diet and exercise programs evaluated and health outcomes reported. None reported receiving funding from a drug manufacturer or agency with interests in the results. Overall risk of bias was judged to be unclear due to the lack of methodological detail reported. Most studies were undertaken in high-income countries.For our primary review outcomes, there was a possible reduced risk of GDM in the diet and exercise intervention group compared with the standard care group (average risk ratio (RR) 0.85, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.71 to 1.01; 6633 women; 19 RCTs; Tau² = 0.05; I² = 42%; P = 0.07; moderate-quality evidence). There was also a possible reduced risk of caesarean section (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.02; 6089 women; 14 RCTs; moderate-quality evidence). No clear differences were seen between groups for pre-eclampsia (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.79 to 1.22; 5366 participants; 8 RCTs; low-quality evidence), pregnancy-induced hypertension and/or hypertension (average RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.47 to 1.27; 3073 participants; 6 RCTs; Tau² = 0.19; I² = 62%; very low-quality evidence), perinatal mortality (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.42 to 1.63; 3757 participants; 2 RCTs; low-quality evidence) or large-for-gestational age (RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.81 to 1.07; 5353 participants; 11 RCTs; low-quality evidence). No data were reported for infant mortality or morbidity composite.Subgroup analyses (based on trial design, maternal body mass index (BMI) and ethnicity) revealed no clear differential treatment effects. We were unable to assess the impact of maternal age, parity and specific features of the diet and exercise interventions. Findings from sensitivity analyses (based on RCT quality) generally supported those observed in the main analyses. We were not able to perform subgroup analyses based on maternal age, parity or nature of the exercise/dietary interventions due to the paucity of information/data on these characteristics and the inability to meaningfully group intervention characteristics.For most of the secondary review outcomes assessed using GRADE, there were no clear differences between groups, including for perineal trauma (RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.78 to 2.05; 2733 participants; 2 RCTs; moderate-quality evidence), neonatal hypoglycaemia (average RR 1.42, 95% CI 0.67 to 2.98; 3653 participants; 2 RCTs; Tau² = 0.23; I² = 77%; low quality evidence); and childhood adiposity (BMI z score) (MD 0.05, 95% CI -0.29 to 0.40; 794 participants; 2 RCTs; Tau² = 0.04; I² = 59%; low-quality evidence). However, there was evidence of less gestational weight gain in the diet and exercise intervention group compared with the control group (mean difference (MD) -0.89 kg, 95% CI -1.39 to -0.40; 5052 women; 16 RCTs; Tau² = 0.37; I² = 43%;moderate-quality evidence). No data were reported for maternal postnatal depression or type 2 diabetes; childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes, or neurosensory disability. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Moderate-quality evidence suggests reduced risks of GDM and caesarean section with combined diet and exercise interventions during pregnancy as well as reductions in gestational weight gain, compared with standard care. There were no clear differences in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, perinatal mortality, large-for-gestational age, perineal trauma, neonatal hypoglycaemia, and childhood adiposity (moderate- tovery low-quality evidence).Using GRADE methodology, the evidence was assessed as moderate to very low quality. Downgrading decisions were predominantly due to design limitations (risk of bias), and imprecision (uncertain effect estimates, and at times, small sample sizes and low event rates), however two outcomes (pregnancy-induced hypertension/hypertension and neonatal hypoglycaemia), were also downgraded for unexplained inconsistency (statistical heterogeneity).Due to the variability of the diet and exercise components tested in the included studies, the evidence in this review has limited ability to inform practice. Future studies could describe the interventions used in more detail, if and how these influenced behaviour change and ideally be standardised between studies. Studies could also consider using existing core outcome sets to facilitate more standardised reporting.
Recognition by Women's Health Care Providers of Long-Term Cardiovascular Disease Risk After Preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To assess health care providers' knowledge regarding pregnancy outcome as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and evaluate the variables associated with their responses to questions about routine surveillance for cardiovascular disease. METHODS: A voluntary, anonymous survey of internal medicine and obstetric and gynecologic health care providers at an academic institution. Responses to a case-based and direct inquiry questionnaire were evaluated. RESULTS: The overall response rate was 65% (173/265). When assessing cardiovascular risk, gynecologists compared with internists significantly more often requested a pregnancy history (44/49 [90%] compared with 56/75 [75%], P=.039) and more often attached importance to a history of preeclampsia (35/48 [73%] compared with 41/75 [55%], P=.028). When a history of preeclampsia was obtained, internists more often obtained a fasting glucose test (25/52 [48%] compared with 9/43 [20.9%], P=.009). A minority of health care providers recognized the importance of fetal growth restriction. Both health care provider groups demonstrated similar knowledge of general cardiovascular risk factors, screening tools, and interventions. Higher general cardiovascular knowledge was significantly associated with identification of pregnancy complications as cardiovascular risk factors (P=.001). CONCLUSION: When assessing cardiovascular risk, internists were less likely than gynecologists to include a pregnancy history. However, once identified as at risk for cardiovascular disease, gynecologists were less likely than internists to obtain appropriate testing. Education concerning the link between certain pregnancy complications and future cardiovascular disease is needed. Areas of opportunity for education in both medical specialties are identified.
Elevation of hypothalamic neuropeptide Y-neurons in adult offspring of diabetic mother rats.; We recently reported on an elevation of neurons expressing the main orexigenic peptide neuropeptide Y (NPY) in the arcuate hypothalamic nucleus (ARC) of neonatally hyperinsulinaemic offspring of gestational diabetic mother rats (GD) at weaning. To investigate possible consequences, the long-term outcome of those animals was examined. At adult age, GD offspring showed hyperphagia (p < 0.001), basal hyperinsulinaemia (p < 0.05) and impaired glucose tolerance (p < 0.05), and were overweight (p < 0.01). This was accompanied by an elevated number of NPY neurons (p < 0.001) and galanin neurons (p < 0.001) in the ARC in adult GD offspring under basal conditions. These findings support our hypothesis on perinatally acquired, persisting malformation and/or malprogramming of peptidergic hypothalamic neurons in the offspring of GD mothers, possibly promoting the development of overweight and diabetogenic disturbances during life.
Power spectral analysis of heart rate variability during the 100-g oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: The aims of the present study were to 1) evaluate autonomic function during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnant women and 2) investigate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) modifies autonomic control of heart rate variability. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We prospectively studied 27 pregnant women (15 without GDM, 12 with GDM) during a 100-g OGTT. The maternal electrocardiogram was recorded before and 60 min after glucose ingestion, when peak glucose levels are expected. The time and frequency domains of maternal cardiac intervals were analyzed. RESULTS: There was a significant decrease in the high-frequency (HF) band in both groups after the ingestion of glucose. The normalized low-frequency (LF) band significantly increased and the normalized HF band significantly decreased after glucose ingestion. The LF-to-HF ratio was significantly higher in the group with GDM at baseline and significantly increased in both groups after glucose ingestion. A regression analysis revealed a significant decrease in the HF band with increasing blood glucose levels. CONCLUSIONS: Acute elevation of blood glucose levels during the OGTT caused substantial autonomic alterations, including sympathetic activation and parasympathetic withdrawal. Both arms of the autonomic system were affected during the test, thus lending support to the concept that these changes are centrally integrated. The autonomic changes were less pronounced in women with GDM compared with in normal control subjects, suggesting that chronic hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia may alter modulation of the autonomic nervous system.
Incidence and relative risk for developing cancers in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the risk of developing cancers, particularly site-specific cancers, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Taiwan. SETTING: The National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD) of Taiwan. PARTICIPANTS: This study was conducted using the nationwide data from 2000 to 2013. In total, 1 466 596 pregnant women with admission for delivery were identified. Subjects with GDM consisted of 47 373 women, while the non-exposed group consisted of 943 199 women without GDM. The participants were followed from the delivery date to the diagnosis of cancer, death, the last medical claim or the end of follow-up (31 December 2013), whichever came first. PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURES: Patients with a new diagnosis of cancer (International Classification of Diseases, ninth edition, with clinical modification (ICD-9-CM codes 140-208)) recorded in NHIRD were identified. The risk of 11 major cancer types was assessed, including cancers of head and neck, digestive organs, lung and bronchus, bone and connective tissue, skin, breast, genital organs, urinary system, brain, thyroid gland and haematological system. RESULTS: The rates of developing cancers were significantly higher in women with GDM compared with the non-GDM group (2.24% vs 1.96%; p<0.001). After adjusting for maternal age at delivery and comorbidities, women with GDM had increased risk of cancers, including cancers of nasopharynx (adjusted HR, 1.739; 95 % CI, 1.400 to 2.161; p<0.0001), kidney (AHR, 2.169; 95 % CI, 1.428 to 3.293; p=0.0003), lung and bronchus (AHR, 1.372; 95 % CI, 1.044 to 1.803; p=0.0231), breast (AHR, 1.234; 95% CI, 1.093 to 1.393; p=0.007) and thyroid gland (AHR, 1.389; 95 % CI, 1.121 to 1.721; p=0.0026). CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have a higher risk of developing cancers. Cancer screening is warranted in women with GDM. Future research should be aimed at establishing whether this association is causal.
Triglyceride-glucose index in early pregnancy predicts the risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the association between the triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index in early pregnancy and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the second trimester. The primary objectives were to evaluate the predictive potential of the TyG index for GDM, determine the optimal threshold value of the TyG index for GDM assessment, and compare the predictive performance of the TyG index alone versus its combination with maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index on GDM. Moreover, the study explored the association between the TyG index in early pregnancy and the risk of other pregnancy-related complications (PRCs), such as placental abruption and gestational hypertension. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This prospective cohort study recruited 1,624 pregnant women who underwent early pregnancy antenatal counseling and comprehensive assessments with continuous monitoring until delivery. To calculate the TyG index, health indicators, including maternal triglycerides and fasting plasma glucose, were measured in early pregnancy (< 14 weeks of gestation). The predictive power of the TyG index for evaluating GDM in Chinese pregnant women was determined using multifactorial logistic regression to derive the odds ratios and 95% confidence interval (CI). Subgroup analyses were conducted, and the efficacy of the TyG index in predicting PRCs was assessed via receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and restricted cubic spline, with the optimal cutoff value calculated. RESULTS: Logistic regression analyses revealed a 2.10-fold increase in the GDM risk for every 1-unit increase in the TyG index, after adjusting for covariates. The highest GDM risk was observed in the group with the highest TyG index compared with the lowest quintile group (odds ratios: 3.25; 95% CI: 2.23-4.75). Subgroup analyses indicated that exceeding the recommended range of gestational weight gain and an increased GDM risk were significantly associated (P = 0.001). Regarding predictive performance, the TyG index exhibited the highest area under the curve (AUC) value in the ROC curve for GDM (AUC: 0.641, 95% CI: 0.61-0.671). The optimal cutoff value was 8.890, with both sensitivity and specificity of 0.617.The combination of the TyG index, maternal age, and pre-pregnancy body mass index proved to be a superior predictor of GDM than the TyG index alone (AUC: 0.672 vs. 0.641, P < 0.01). After adjusting for multiple factors, the analyses indicated that the TyG index was associated with an increased risk of gestational hypertension. However, no significant association was noted between the TyG index and the risk of preeclampsia, placental abruption, intrauterine distress, or premature rupture of membranes. CONCLUSION: The TyG index can effectively identify the occurrence of GDM in the second trimester, aligning with previous research. Incorporating the TyG index into routine clinical assessments of maternal health holds significant practical implications. Early identification of high-risk groups enables healthcare providers to implement timely interventions, such as increased monitoring frequency for high-risk pregnant women and personalized nutritional counseling and health education. These measures can help prevent or alleviate potential maternal and infant complications, thereby enhancing the overall health outcomes for both mothers and babies.
Cardiac and venous blood flow in fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers: evidence of abnormal hemodynamics in early gestation.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to determine whether in early gestation cardiac and venous blood flow patterns of fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers differ from those of normal fetuses. STUDY DESIGN: Serial recordings were obtained at 12, 16, and 20 weeks of gestation in 11 normal fetuses, 16 fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers with first-trimester glycosylated hemoglobin levels < or = 8.5% (group 1), and 11 fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers with first-trimester glycosylated hemoglobin levels > 8.5% (group 2). Velocity waveforms at the level of atrioventricular valves, inferior vena cava, and umbilical vein were recorded by means of color and pulsed Doppler equipment by either transvaginal or transabdominal approaches. The following variables were measured: ratio between the peak velocities during early passive ventricular filling and active atrial filling at the level of atrioventricular valves, percent reverse flow during atrial contraction in inferior vena cava, and pulsations in umbilical vein. RESULTS: In all the fetuses the ratios between early and active ventricular filling increased linearly with advancing gestation, whereas the percent reverse flow in the inferior vena cava decreased linearly. However, fetuses of diabetic mothers showed significant differences in the slope of the functions describing the development with gestation of these index values, resulting in lower values of the ratios between early and active ventricular filling at the level of both ventricular valves and higher values of percent reverse flow in inferior vena cava. These differences were more evident in group 2 fetuses of diabetic mothers, and statistically significant differences were found in the slope values compared with group 1 fetuses. In normal fetuses umbilical vein pulsations were present only in two fetuses at 12 weeks of gestation (18.18%) and were never evidenced later in gestation. A significantly higher incidence of pulsations was found at 12 weeks in fetuses of diabetic mothers (group 1, 56.25%; group 2, 81.81%) and pulsations were present until 16 weeks (group 1, 37.5%; group 2, 45.47%). CONCLUSIONS: An impaired development of cardiac and venous blood flow patterns occurs in fetuses in insulin-dependent diabetic mothers. These abnormalities are more evident in pregnancies with poorer glycemic control but still occur in the presence of stricter metabolic control.
Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy--management and results at Rikshospitalet, Oslo, 1970-1977.; During the years 1970-1977, 234 pregnant diabetics were treated in Oslo. A regimen of close metabolic and obstetric control was used. The total perinatal mortality was 4.3%, and 3.1% in 160 patients followed from before week 28. In 74% of patients mean blood glucose (determined 4 times daily) during the last 5-6 weeks of pregnancy was below 6 mmol/1 and in only one patient above 8 mmol/1. There was a low incidence of ketoacidosis (5 patients), pyelonephritis (3 patients), and severe preeclampsia (1 patient), although mild to moderate preeclampsia occurred in 28 patients. Preeclampsia was not associated with foetal loss. Macrosomia was rare. Respiratory distress occurred in 33 infants, in most cases light to moderate. Two foetal deaths were associated with respiratory distress. Progression of retinopathy was frequent, and appearance of or progression of proliferative changes occurred in 15 patients with retinopathy before pregnancy. Loss of visual acuity was rare, and reading vision was not lost by any patients. Induced vaginal delivery has been used in half the deliveries during the last years, whereas Caesarean section was preferred during the first years. Mean duration of pregnancy at delivery has been 260 days, 256 days during the first four years, and 262 days during the last four.
Pregnancy Complications Lead to Subclinical Maternal Heart Dysfunction-The Importance and Benefits of Follow-Up Using Speckle Tracking Echocardiography.; Pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are frequent and influence not only fetal outcomes but also the maternal cardiac function. GDM and HDP may act as a proxy for increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk later in life. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a relatively new imaging technique that provides more sensitive assessment than conventional echocardiography of the maternal cardiac function. Recent research suggests that STE can be used during pregnancy and postpartum as a useful method of early detection of subclinical maternal cardiac changes related to pregnancy complications, such as GDM and HDP, and as an indicator for future maternal cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this review was to underline the current value of STE in the follow-up protocol of high-risk pregnant women, as a mean for pre- and postpartum monitoring. A review of the literature was conducted in the PubMed database to select relevant articles regarding the association of STE changes and HDP or GDM in the prenatal and postpartum maternal evaluations. Both GDM and HDP are associated with subtle myocardial changes in shape, size and function; these preclinical cardiac changes, often missed by conventional evaluation, can be detected using STE. Left ventricular global circumferential strain might be an important predictor of maternal cardiovascular disorders and might help to define a high-risk group that requires regular monitoring later in life and timely intervention.
An update on the use of inositols in preventing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and neural tube defects (NTDs).; INTRODUCTION: Obstetric history and maternal body composition and lifestyle may be associated with serious complications both for the mother, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and for the fetus, including congenital malformations such as neural tube defects (NTDs). AREAS COVERED: In view of the recent knowledge, changes in nutritional and physical activity habits ameliorate glycemic control during pregnancy and in turn improve maternal and neonatal health outcomes. Recently, a series of small clinical and experimental studies indicated that supplemenation with inositols, a family of insulin sensitizers, was associated with beneficial impact for both GDM and NTDs. EXPERT OPINION: Herein, we discuss the most significant scientific evidence supporting myo-inositol administration as a prophylaxis for the above-mentioned conditions.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. METHODS: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. RESULTS: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25-2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53-2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31-2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. CONCLUSION: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
A systematic review and quantitative assessment of sleep-disordered breathing during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes.; PURPOSE: Previous investigations have suggested a strong association between sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes. However, the results of the following replication studies were not always concordant. Therefore, this meta-analysis was conducted to evaluate the more reliable estimate. METHODS: A systematic literature search was performed on PubMed, Springer Link, and EMBASE to identify all eligible studies published before August 2013. Summary odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using fixed or random effects model. RESULTS: A total of 24 publications met the inclusion criteria and were included in this meta-analysis. Findings demonstrated that moderate-to-severe SDB during pregnancy was associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (OR=1.78; 95% CI, 1.29 to 2.46), pregnancy-related hypertension (OR=2.38; 95% CI, 1.63 to 3.47), preeclampsia (OR=2.19; 95% CI, 1.71 to 2.80), preterm delivery (OR=1.98; 95% CI, 1.59 to 2.48), low birth weight (OR=1.75; 95% CI, 1.33 to 2.32), neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission (OR=2.43; 95% CI, 1.61 to 3.68), intrauterine growth restriction (OR=1.44; 95% CI, 1.22 to 1.71), and Apgar score of <7 at 1 min (OR=1.78; 95% CI, 1.10 to 2.91) based on all studies but not gestational age and birth weight. CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis revealed that moderate-to-severe SDB during pregnancy may be associated with most of adverse perinatal outcomes. Further well-designed studies are warranted to confirm our findings.
High risk pregnancy monitored antenatally at home.; OBJECTIVE: Is domiciliary antenatal fetal surveillance for selected high risk pregnancies, a feasible alternative for hospital admission? DESIGN: A randomized controlled trial conducted at the Academical Medical Centre, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. SUBJECTS: Between September 1992 and June 1994, 76 women were at random allocated to domiciliary care and 74 women to hospital care. Criteria for inclusion were hypertension (26%), fetal growth retardation (24%), post term pregnancy (23%), diabetes (24%), preterm rupture of membranes (2%) and previous recurrent antenatal death (1%). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcome measure was perinatal morbidity, measured by Prechtl's neonatal neurological optimality score. Secondary outcome variables were the occurrence of complications, obstetric interventions at labour, birthweight, gestational age at delivery and maternal and neonatal admission rates. RESULTS: In both groups there was one case of perinatal mortality. In both treatment groups the median of the neurological optimality score was found at 59. Also secondary outcome variables did not show significant differences. CONCLUSION: Domiciliary antenatal care for selected women with high risk pregnancy is feasible considering obstetric outcome.
A cut-off value of epicardial fat thickness for the prediction of large for gestational age foetuses.; Estimation of foetal weight in the prenatal period is important in many respects. For this purpose, during different periods of pregnancy; mostly in the last trimester; many methods or formulas have been described, almost of them using ultrasound. Foetal epicardial adipose tissue has previously been described as a metabolic organ in studies. Foetal epicardial fat tissue thickness (EFT) measurement has been previously described in the literature and has been associated with metabolic conditions such as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. The purpose of this study was to determine the strength and cut-off value of EFT measured by ultrasound in the second trimester in the prediction of large for gestational age (LGA) foetuses. Epicardial fat tissue thicknesses which were recorded during second trimester anomaly screening were evaluated retrospectively. Birth weights of the same cases were also obtained from the database and analysed with IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows Version 22.0 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA). LGA babies had thicker EFT measurements and we established a cut-off EFT value of 1.38 mm. Our results suggest that EFT thickness measured by ultrasound in the second trimester may be useful in predicting LGA foetuses.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? It is known that foetal epicardial fat tissue is an adipose tissue with metabolic functions. Previously the relationship between this tissue and prenatal complications; such as, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and infant growth and development were investigated. We planned this study considering that a tissue with metabolic functions affecting foetal growth may also affect birth weight.What do the results of this study add? Foetal epicardial fat thickness measurement only once in the second trimester may predict the 90th percentile limit at birth which is considered as the LGA limit.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? In our study, we determined that the thickness of epicardial fat tissue measured in the second tirmester could predict the 90 th percentile limit at birth and that the cut-off value for this group was 1.38 mm. We believe that this measurement may help to determine LGA babies at birth as early as the second trimester. In future studies, the 97 percentile limit can be determined from the early weeks with reaching larger groups. Thus, babies who are likely to experience birth trauma in clinical practice can be reached from early weeks.
Evolution and natural history of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.; The metabolic stress in both pregnancy and diabetic mellitus being endocrine mediated, it has always been feared whether a patient with an underlying retinopathy will progress into the more difficult proliferative stage with the coming of pregnancy. Admittedly, this important question has been answered differently by different investigators. However, much of these studies has been only impressive statistical analysis of large number of cases without any laboratory or clinical investigations being undertaken alongside to ascertain into the role of all endocrine hormones. We have tried to fill this omission here in this study. From this study we have come to believe that there is no factual evidence of deleterious relationship between the onset of pregnancy and the underlying diabetic retinopathy. Matter of factly, our study show that pregnancy may actually provide respite from developing further complications. Here, the hormone prolactin may play an important protective role.
Perinatal problems of the obese mother and her infant.; The health consequences of obesity in adults encompass both metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Pregnancy in obese women also has a particular set of problems. For the obese pregnant woman, these include weight gain less than 5.4 kg, chronic hypertension and superimposed preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, multiple gestation, and the potential for a macrosomic child. The combination of obesity and maternal diabetes does not appear to have an additive effect on the excessive growth of infants of obese mothers. Furthermore, despite inadequate weight gain, hypertension, and multiple gestation, infants of obese mothers are usually born with a greater birth weight than those of nonobese women. In addition, the incidence of intrauterine growth retardation is lower after an obese pregnancy. Neonates born to obese mothers have increased risk for birth asphyxia and birth trauma. Recently infants born to obese women were noted to have transient neonatal fasting asymptomatic hypoglycemia. Hyperinsulinism is not present in the infants of obese mothers; thus, alternate fuel mobilization (free fatty acids, glycerol, ketones) may respond to the hypoglycemic stimulus. Suggestions and rationale for the management of the pregnant obese woman, fetus, and newly born infant are discussed in the text.
GLP-1 agonist treatment: implications for diabetic retinopathy screening.; Rapid improvement in glycaemic control induced by GLP-1 agonist therapy could be yet another illustration of transient or permanent progression of diabetic retinopathy, similar to documented examples such as pregnancy and continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion. Specific guidelines would be needed to monitor this paradoxical phenomenon during treatment with GLP-1 agonists.
The epidemiology of gestational diabetes, gestation hypertension, and anemia in North Palestine from 2018 to 2020: A retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: In Palestine, women face a challenging environment and a demanding lifestyle, which puts them at a higher risk of experiencing complications during pregnancy. This study aimed to examine the risk factors linked with abnormal hemoglobin (Hb) levels, gestational diabetes (GD), and gestational hypertension (GH) among pregnant women. The results was compared between women residing in cities or villages areas and those in refugee camps. METHODS: Medical records (N = 7889) for pregnant women at primary healthcare centers in the North West Bank were reviewed for sociodemographic and medical data along with the reported fasting blood sugar, hemoglobin, and blood pressure in the first and second trimesters from July 2018 to July 2020. However, only 6640 were included in the analysis as 1249 were excluded for having multiple pregnancy or lost to follow up. Complications and risk factors were defined according to the available global guidelines. Then, descriptive analysis was used to show the percentages of different risk factors and complications among them. The correlation between the several characteristics and variables with these complications was assessed by calculating the odds ratios (OR) using logistic regression. P-values of <0.05 were considered significant. RESULTS: The prevalence of adolescent pregnancy was the highest among women living in rural areas (9.8%) and grand multigravidity among refugee women (22%). The overall prevalence of anemia was higher in the second-trimester (16.2%) than in the first-trimester (11.2%), with anemic women in the first-trimester being more likely to be anemic in the second-trimester (OR = 8.223, P-value<0.001). Although anemia was less common in the first-trimester among refugees than among women living in urban areas (OR = 0.768, P-value = 0.006), it was more prevalent in the second-trimester (OR = 1.352, P-value<0.001). Moreover, refugee women were at lower risk than women living in urban areas of having GD (OR = 0.687, P-value<0.001) and diabetes mellitus (OR = 0.472, P-value<0.001) in the second-trimester. GH was associated with GD (OR = 1.401, P-value = 0.003) and DM (OR = 1.966, P-value<0.001). CONCLUSION: The findings of this study provide evidence-based data on the considerable prevalence of pregnancy complications, anemia, GD, and GH among Palestinian pregnant women living in the north of the West Bank. Multi gravida, gestational age, Hb levels, and the type of settings were strong predictors of pregnancy complications. Therefore, a national plan is needed to ensure adequate maternal care for all, especially disadvantaged women, those in rural areas and refugee camps.
Association Between Recommended Preconception Health Behaviors and Screenings and Improvements in Cardiometabolic Outcomes of Pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased risk of maternal and infant illness and long-term elevated cardiometabolic risk. Little information exists on the prevention of either disorder before pregnancy. Our goal was to describe the association between preconception indicators and risk of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. METHODS: We used logistic regression to analyze cross-sectional data from the 2016-2017 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (N = 68,493) to quantify the association between 14 preconception health indicators (across domains of health care, nutrition and physical activity, tobacco and alcohol, chronic conditions, mental health, and emotional and social support) and, separately, GDM and HDP. We accounted for sampling weights and controlled for maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy insurance, prepregnancy body mass index, and report of a check-up in the year before pregnancy. RESULTS: Prepregnancy obesity was the strongest predictor of both HDP (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 3.1; 95% CI, 2.8-3.5) and GDM (aOR, 3.1; 95% CI, 2.7-3.5). Individual behaviors (eg, exercise, attending a check-up) were not associated with either HDP or GDM. A diagnosis of diabetes before pregnancy predicted HDP (aOR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.7-3.0). CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy chronic disease and obesity predicted pregnancy complications (ie, GDM and HDP). Given the challenges in reversing these conditions in the year before pregnancy, efforts to improve preconception health may be best directed broadly to expand access to primary care for all women.
Second-Trimester Constituents of the Metabolic Syndrome and Pregnancy Outcome: An Observational Cohort Study.; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) shows identical associations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between GDM, constituents of MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Methods: Of 2041 pregnant women undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 22 and 30 weeks of gestation, data were collected to evaluate the constituents of MetS. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated to determine the associations between MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Results: GDM and obesity did not affect the risk of fetal growth abnormalities (SGA/LGA), preterm birth or preeclampsia (PE). Hypertension significantly increased the risk of SGA (OR—1.59), PE (OR—3.14), and preterm birth <37 weeks (OR—2.17) and <34 weeks (OR—2.96) and reduced the occurrence of LGA (OR—0.46). Dyslipidemia increased the risk of PE (OR—2.25), while proteinuria increased the risk of PE (OR—12.64) and preterm birth (OR—4.72). Having ≥2 constituents increased the risk of PE and preterm birth. Conclusions: Constituents of metabolic syndrome, rather than treating impaired glucose handling, increased the risk of preeclampsia, altered fetal growth and preterm birth. Obesity was not related to adverse outcomes.
Associations of lipid levels during gestation with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective longitudinal cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess associations of elevated lipid levels during gestation with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This prospective cohort study was conducted in a tertiary maternal hospital in Shanghai, China from February to November 2014. Lipid constituents, including triglycerides (TGs), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) of 1310 eligible women were assessed in the first (10-13+ weeks), second (22-28 weeks) and third (30-35 weeks) trimesters consecutively. Associations of lipid profiles with HDP and/or GDM outcomes were assessed. RESULTS: Compared with the normal group, maternal TG concentrations were higher in the HDP/GDM groups across the three trimesters (p<0.001); TC and LDL-c amounts were only higher in the first trimester for the HDP and GDM groups (p<0.05). HDL-c levels were similar in the three groups. Compared with intermediate TG levels (25-75th centile), higher TG amounts (>75th centile) were associated with increased risk of HDP/GDM in each trimester with aORs (95% CI) of 2.04 (1.41 to 2.95), 1.81 (1.25 to 2.63) and 1.78 (1.24 to 2.54), respectively. High TG elevation from the first to third trimesters (>75th centile) was associated with increased risk of HDP, with an aOR of 2.09 (1.16 to 3.78). High TG elevation before 28 weeks was associated with increased risk of GDM, with an aOR of 1.67 (1.10 to 2.54). TG elevation was positively correlated with weight gain during gestation (R=0.089, p=0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Controlling weight gain during pregnancy could decrease TG elevation and reduce the risk of HDP/GDM. TGs could be used as follow-up parameters during complicated pregnancy, while other lipids are meaningful only in the first trimester.
Circulating apelin levels are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes.; PURPOSE: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. In this study, we aimed to compare plasma apelin levels between women with and without pGDM, and to investigate the possible association of apelin with cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: Among 252 consecutive Caucasian women with GDM being included in a prospective postpartum follow-up protocol, 141 women eligible for the study protocol were enrolled. Control group consisted of 49 age- and body mass index-matched healthy women without pGDM. Circulating apelin, IL-6 and plasminogen activator inhibitor levels, and carotid intima media thickness (IMT) were measured. To evaluate carbohydrate intolerance, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Fasting insulin and lipids were measured, and homeostasis model assessment index was calculated. RESULTS: Plasma apelin levels were reduced in women with pGDM (p < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, apelin was negatively associated with fasting (r (2) 0.090, β -0.273, p = 0.001) and post-load glucose (r (2) 0.061, β -0.187, p = 0.022), serum IL-6 (r (2) 0.082, β -0.234, p = 0.002), and carotid IMT (r (2) 0.057, β -0.168, p = 0.033). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggested that suppressed apelin levels were associated with increased cardiovascular risk in women with pGDM.
Diabetes and apoptosis: neural crest cells and neural tube.; Birth defects resulting from diabetic pregnancy are associated with apoptosis of a critical mass of progenitor cells early during the formation of the affected organ(s). Insufficient expression of genes that regulate viability of the progenitor cells is responsible for the apoptosis. In particular, maternal diabetes inhibits expression of a gene, Pax3, that encodes a transcription factor which is expressed in neural crest and neuroepithelial cells. As a result of insufficient Pax3, cardiac neural crest and neuroepithelial cells undergo apoptosis by a process dependent on the p53 tumor suppressor protein. This, then provides a cellular explanation for the cardiac outflow tract and neural tube and defects induced by diabetic pregnancy.
Pregnancy in infertile PCOD patients. Complications and outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the complications and outcome of pregnancy in women with polycystic ovary disease (PCOD). STUDY DESIGN: The course and outcome of 47 singleton pregnancies in women with well-documented PCOD were compared with those in 100 healthy controls. RESULTS: Women with PCOD had a significantly higher body mass index as compared to the control group (P < .05); however, the proportion of lean versus obese subjects in the two groups was similar. The incidence of an abnormal glucose challenge test, gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension was significantly increased in pregnant women with PCOD (P < .05). When lean PCOD subjects were compared with lean control subjects, the difference in the incidence of the above complications was still significant (P < .05). The incidence of pregnancy complications was similar when obese PCOD subjects were compared with obese controls. CONCLUSION: Women with PCOD were at increased risk of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension, and this risk appeared to be independent of body mass index.
Insulin-induced hypoglycemia in pregnant diabetics. Maternal and fetal cardiovascular reactions.; Insulin (0.1 IU/kg bw) was injected intravenously in 9 pregnant diabetics in the last trimester of pregnancy. Maternal levels of blood glucose, estriol, human placental lactogen, blood pressure and pulse rate were measured and fetal heart rate (FHR) recorded. During hypoglycemia maternal blood pressure remained unchanged but maternal pulse rate tended to increase. Plasma levels of estriol and HPL remained unchanged. In 6 of the 9 patients there was a decrease in FHR variability during the hypoglycemic period. FHR variability increased after normalization of maternal blood glucose levels. The decrease in FHR variability could be a direct effect of glucopenia on the fetal heart.
How to improve prognosis in type 1 diabetic pregnancy. Old problems, new concepts.; OBJECTIVE: To improve the prognosis of pregnancy in type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study is an epidemiological analysis of pregnancy outcome in type 1 diabetic mothers attending the combined diabetic antenatal clinic at the Royal Maternity Hospital, Belfast, from 1940 to 1990. Short-term measurement of maternal insulin sensitivity and of intrauterine fetal habituation was taken in selected pregnancies. The article also assesses the European and U.K. recommendations for diabetes in pregnancy, with a goal "to achieve pregnancy outcome in the diabetic woman that approximates that of the non-diabetic woman." RESULTS: Outcomes from 1985 to 1995 in > 800 pregnancies, of which about 60% were delivered at the Regional Centre, suggested that the perinatal mortality was lower for those managed throughout at the center. The highest obstetric risk was in those pregnancies referred to the center at some point later in the pregnancy from a peripheral obstetric clinic. Studies of insulin sensitivity in normal and preeclamptic pregnancy by minimal-model analysis of a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test and of glycosylated hemoglobin in a large survey of nondiabetic pregnancy indicate that the pregnant state may unmask an increase in insulin resistance, causing both pregnancy-induced hyperglycemia and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Fetal habituation, studied by responses to a variable sound stimulus, was less effective in diabetic pregnancy, which may indicate changes in fetal brain function. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in a type 1 diabetic mother remains a high-risk obstetrical situation, even with presently available intensive diabetic supervision.
Maternal diabetes: effects on embryonic vascular development--a vascular endothelial growth factor-A-mediated process.; Major congenital malformations, many of which result from abnormal cardiovascular patterning, remain the leading cause in infant mortality and morbidity. Targeted mutations of several genes (including VEGF and VEGF receptors) and certain teratogenic agents (including excess alpha-D-glucose) give rise to embryonic lethal phenotypes associated with failure in the formation of a functional vitelline circulation and aberrant organogenesis. Our work to date has demonstrated that yolk sac vasculopathy and failure of endocardial cushion epithelial-mesenchymal transformation occurs in hyperglycemic conditions in murine whole conceptus culture and in embryos from streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice. These cardiovascular abnormalities are associated with changes in expression and phosphorylation state of adhesion molecules such as platelet endothelial growth factor-1 and expression of growth factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-A). Further understanding of the effects of maternal diabetes on yolk sac and embryonic vasculogenesis/angiogenesis and organogenesis may lead to novel approaches in treating and preventing major birth defects.
Increased natriuretic peptides in fetal hearts of diabetic rats.; The main purpose of these studies was to determine whether diabetic pregnancy altered maternal and fetal atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP). Diabetes was induced in rats by intravenous injection of 40 mg streptozotocin/kg on day 2 of gestation. Immunoreactive ANP in plasma, amniotic fluid and hearts on day 20 of gestation was measured by radioimmunoassay; fetal cardiac natriuretic peptides (ANP, proANP and BNP) were separated by reverse-phase high pressure liquid chromatography. Diabetes caused an increase in fetal plasma insulin, placental weight, amniotic fluid volume, the ratio of the fetal heart to body weight, maternal and fetal plasma ANP, fetal cardiac ANP and fetal cardiac BNP. It is suggested that the maternal diabetes-induced increase in fetal ANP might be related to fetal myocardial hypertrophy and could contribute to hydramnios.
A Pathophysiology of Type 2 Diabetes Unrelated to Metabolic Syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Clinically, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is heterogeneous, but the prevailing pathophysiologic hypothesis nevertheless contends that components of metabolic syndrome are central to all cases of T2DM. Here, we re-evaluated this hypothesis. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 138 women from the monocenter, post gestational diabetes study PPSDiab, 73 of which had incident prediabetes or T2DM. Additionally, we examined all the 412 incident cases of T2DM in phases 3 to 9 of the Whitehall II study in comparison to healthy controls. Our analysis included a medical history, anthropometrics, oral glucose tolerance testing, and laboratory chemistry in both studies. Additional analyses from the PPSDiab Study consisted of cardiopulmonary exercise testing, magnetic resonance imaging, auto-antibody testing, and the exclusion of glucokinase maturity-onset diabetes of the young. RESULTS: We found that 33 (45%) of the women with prediabetes or T2DM in the PPSDiab study displayed no components of metabolic syndrome. They reached no point for metabolic syndrome in the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III score other than hyperglycemia and, moreover, had levels of liver fat content, plasma triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, c-reactive protein, and blood pressure that were comparable to healthy controls. In the Whitehall II study, 62 (15%) of the incident T2DM cases fulfilled the same criteria. In both studies, these cases without metabolic syndrome revealed insulin resistance and inadequately low insulin secretion. CONCLUSIONS: Our results contradict the hypothesis that components of metabolic syndrome are central to all cases of T2DM. Instead, they suggest the common occurrence of a second, unrelated pathophysiology.
Plasma fatty acids of neonates born to mothers with and without gestational diabetes.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their neonates have lower levels of arachidonic (AA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids in red cell membranes. It is not clear if this abnormality is restricted to red cells or is a generalised problem. We have investigated plasma fatty acids of neonates (venous cord) of GDM (n=37), and non-diabetic (n=31) women. The GDMs had lower levels of dihomogamma-linolenic (20:3n-6, DHGLA) acid, summation operator n-6 metabolites, DHA and summation operator n-3 metabolites (p<0.05) in choline phosphoglycerides (CPG). They also had lower levels of AA (-4.5%), adrenic acid (22:4n-6, -13%), osbond acid (22:5n-6, -7%) and summation operator n-6 (-2.5%). There was a similar pattern in triglycerides (TG) and cholesterol esters (CE). Mead acid, a marker of generalised shortage of derived and parent essential fatty acids, was higher in CPG and TG of the GDM group by 73% and 76%. The adrenic/osbond acid (22:4n-6/22:5n-6) ratio, a biochemical marker of DHA insufficiency, was reduced in CPG (-4.5%), TG (-63%) and CE (-75%) of the GDM group. These findings, which are consistent with the previous red cell data, suggest that the neuro-visual and vascular development and function of the offspring of GDM women may be adversely affected if the levels of AA and DHA are compromised further by other factors, pre- or post-natally. Studies are required to elucidate the underlying mechanism for the reduction of the two fatty acids and to evaluate the developmental and health implications.
Central nervous system development-related microRNAs levels increase in the serum of gestational diabetic women during the first trimester of pregnancy.; MicroRNAs are heterochronic molecules important during brain development, which could be altered by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To explore these molecules in maternal serum, we performed an RT-qPCR analysis. Our results revealed the heterochronic character of some neural development-related microRNA in serum samples of pregnant women. In relation to the first trimester, higher levels of miR-183-5p, -200b-3p, and -125-5p in the second trimester, and higher levels of miR-137 in the third trimester, were found. Furthermore, an insult such as GDM led to higher levels of miR-183-5p, -200b-3p, -125-5p, and -1290 relative to the control in the first trimester, which might be related to changes in neurogenesis and cell proliferation. An in silico analysis suggested that increased microRNAs in the second trimester in the control contributed to cell proliferation and neuron differentiation and that the rise in miR-137 in the third trimester led to neuron maturation. In the diabetic, higher levels of the microRNAs in the first trimester suggested alterations in cell proliferation and neuron differentiation. In conclusion, we showed that fetal-related microRNAs can be detected in the serum of pregnant woman and exhibit temporary regulation during pregnancy and that microRNAs involved in cell proliferation and neuron differentiation are upregulated under GDM.
Impact of experimental diabetes on the maternal uterine vascular remodeling during rat pregnancy.; Normal pregnancy is associated with an increase in uteroplacental blood flow in part due to growth and remodeling of the maternal uterine vasculature. In this study, we characterized the effect of diabetic pregnancy on vascular growth of the maternal uterine vasculature and on the passive mechanical properties of the uterine resistance arteries. Diabetes was induced in pregnant rats by injection of streptozotocin and confirmed by development of hyperglycemia. Fetuses of diabetic rats were significantly smaller and placentas larger compared to controls. Pregnancy-induced axial elongation of the mesometrial uterine vasculature was not altered by diabetes. Vascular wall thickness was unchanged between groups. Wall distensibility was increased and the rate constant of an exponential function fitted to stress-strain curve was significantly reduced demonstrating decreased wall stiffness in diabetic uterine radial arteries compared to controls. We conclude that experimental diabetes in rat pregnancy does not compromise the growth of maternal uterine vasculature but alters passive mechanical properties of the uterine radial arteries.
Efficacy and safety of hypoglycemic agents on gestational diabetes mellitus in women: A Bayesian network analysis of randomized controlled trials.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety of metformin, glyburide, and insulin for GDM, we conducted a subgroup analysis of outcomes for women with GDM according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) diagnostic criteria. METHODS: We searched the NCBI, Embase, and Web of Science databases from inception to March 2022. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared the outcomes of hypoglycemic agents in women with GDM were included. Bayesian network analysis was employed. RESULTS: A total of 29 RCTs were included. Metformin was estimated to lead to a slight improvement in total gestational weight gain (WMD - 1.24 kg, 95% CI -2.38, -0.09), a risk of unmet treatment target in the sensitivity analysis (OR 34.50, 95% CI 1.18-791.37) than insulin. The estimated effect of metformin showed improvements in birth weight than insulin (WMD - 102.58 g, 95% CI -180.45 to -25.49) and glyburide (WMD - 137.84 g, 95% CI -255.31 to -25.45), for hypoglycemia within 1 h of birth than insulin (OR 0.65, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.84). The improvement in the estimated effect of metformin for hypoglycemia within 1 h of birth still existed when compared with glyburide (OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.26 to 0.66), whether in the IADPSG group (OR 0.33, 95% CI 0.12 to 0.92) or not (OR 0.43, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.98). CONCLUSION: Metformin is beneficial for GDM women to control total GWG compared with insulin, regulate fetal birth weight more than insulin and glyburide, and increase the risk of unmet treatment targets compared with insulin. Compared to metformin, glyburide is associated with neonatal hypoglycemia.
Maternal Weight Gain during Pregnancy and the Developing Autonomic Nervous System-Possible Impact of GDM.; OBJECTIVE: The intrauterine environment is known to affect the offspring's long-term risk for obesity and diabetes. Previous data show that maternal metabolism and gestational weight gain (GWG) are associated with fetal autonomic nervous system (ANS) function, which can be assessed with heart rate variability (HRV). We investigated whether this association is also present in 2-year-old children and addressed the impact of gestational diabetes (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We examined the 2-year-old offspring of mothers who had undergone a 5-point, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy. To assess HRV, a 10-minute ECG was recorded, and time domain and frequency domain parameters were analyzed. Body composition was assessed using bioelectrical impedance testing. RESULTS: We examined 67 children (33 girls, 34 boys), 30 of whom were born to mothers with treated GDM and normoglycemic pregnancies (NGT), respectively. No differences were found between the groups with regard to birth weight, weight at the age of 2 years, and body fat content. We observed that GWG was associated with heart rate and HRV, indicating that children of mothers with low GWG had a lower parasympathetic tone. This association was detected in NGT-exposed-but not in GDM-exposed-children. HR and HRV correlated with body fat and fat-free mass in children from normoglycemic pregnancies only. CONCLUSION: We found that the impact of maternal GWG on offspring ANS function was missing in the presence of treated GDM. The balance of the ANS was related to offspring body composition in children from NGT pregnancies only. Our results suggest that maternal weight gain during pregnancy has a critical impact on the developing ANS, which might be disturbed in the presence of GDM.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine is associated with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is increased in subjects with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between serum ADMA levels and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with history of GDM. A total of 42 normoglycemic women with previous GDM and 42 age-matched healthy controls were enrolled. Serum levels of ADMA, lipids, insulin, fasting and 2-h glucose following 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured. Carotid atherosclerosis was evaluated by ultrasonographically determined intima-media thickness (IMT). Serum ADMA and hsCRP were higher in women with previous GDM compared to the healthy controls (0.72 ± 0.16 vs. 0.41 ± 0.15 μmol/L, p < 0.001; 1.81 ± 0.32 vs. 1.05 ± 0.26 mg/L, p < 0.001; respectively). Carotid IMT was also increased in the previous GDM group (0.77 ± 0.14 vs. 0.52 ± 0.13 mm, p < 0.001). In women with previous GDM, ADMA was positively correlated with hsCRP (r = 41, p < 0.001) and carotid IMT (r = 0.38, p < 0.001). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that ADMA was a significant predictor for elevated carotid IMT in subjects with previous GDM after adjusting for traditional risk factors (β = 0.26, p = 0.017). Our data demonstrated that serum ADMA was associated with hsCRP and carotid IMT in normoglycemic women with previous GDM.
[Progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy].; Pregnancy is a risk factor for the development of diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular edema. Ideally, it is appropriate to perform laser treatment of advanced forms diabetic retinopathy before pregnancy, but in case of progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy is laser treatment also indicated. The authors present a case of a young diabetic, who unexpectedly became pregnant. During pregnancy were accelerated changes of diabetic retinopathy. The visual acuity improved in both eye after repeated retinal laser treatment and pars plana vitrectomy in the left eye. The course of disease was documented with digital color fundus pictures, fluorescein angiography and optical coherence tomography.
Body Mass Index, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Cardiovascular Disease Risk.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a well-established risk factor for both adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is not known whether APOs are mediators or markers of the obesity-CVD relationship. This study examined the association between body mass index, APOs, and postpartum CVD risk factors. METHODS: The sample included adults from the nuMoM2b (Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-To-Be) Heart Health Study who were enrolled in their first trimester (6 weeks-13 weeks 6 days gestation) from 8 United States sites. Participants had a follow-up visit at 3.7 years postpartum. APOs, which included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth, and gestational diabetes, were centrally adjudicated. Mediation analyses estimated the association between early pregnancy body mass index and postpartum CVD risk factors (hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes) and the proportion mediated by each APO adjusted for demographics and baseline health behaviors, psychosocial stressors, and CVD risk factor levels. RESULTS: Among 4216 participants enrolled, mean±SD maternal age was 27±6 years. Early pregnancy prevalence of overweight was 25%, and obesity was 22%. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy occurred in 15%, preterm birth in 8%, small-for-gestational-age birth in 11%, and gestational diabetes in 4%. Early pregnancy obesity, compared with normal body mass index, was associated with significantly higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.10-1.18]), hyperlipidemia (1.11 [95% CI, 1.08-1.14]), and diabetes (1.03 [95% CI, 1.01-1.04]) even after adjustment for baseline CVD risk factor levels. APOs were associated with higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (1.97 [95% CI, 1.61-2.40]) and hyperlipidemia (1.31 [95% CI, 1.03-1.67]). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mediated a small proportion of the association between obesity and incident hypertension (13% [11%-15%]) and did not mediate associations with incident hyperlipidemia or diabetes. There was no significant mediation by preterm birth or small-for-gestational-age birth. CONCLUSIONS: There was heterogeneity across APO subtypes in their association with postpartum CVD risk factors and mediation of the association between early pregnancy obesity and postpartum CVD risk factors. However, only a small or nonsignificant proportion of the association between obesity and CVD risk factors was mediated by any of the APOs, suggesting APOs are a marker of prepregnancy CVD risk and not a predominant cause of postpartum CVD risk.
Mediating effect of vascular risk factors underlying the link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have an elevated lifetime incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the basis of this excess risk remains to be established. In this context, we hypothesized that chronic exposure to adverse cardiovascular risk factors may contribute to their elevated risk of CVD. We thus sought to quantify the determinants of CVD risk in women with a history of GDM by performing mediation analyses. METHODS: Women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between Jan 1998 and Dec 2017 (n=757,541) were followed for a median of 13.2 years and stratified into the following 4 groups: women with GDM who developed CVD (GDM+/CVD+); women without GDM who developed CVD (GDM-/CVD+); those with GDM but no CVD (GDM+/CVD-); and those with neither GDM nor CVD (GDM-/CVD-). Lipids (total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides) and glycemic variables (A1c, fasting glucose) were measured between 4.3±3.0 and 4.8±3.4 times over follow-up. RESULTS: On successive measurements at a median of 4.8, 7.1, and 8.7 years postpartum, respectively, each lipid and glycemic measure progressively worsened from GDM-/CVD- to GDM+/CVD- to GDM-/CVD+ to GDM+/CVD+ (all p&lt;0.0001). At each point in time, each of the lipid and glycemic measures was significantly worse in GDM+/CVD+ compared to GDM+/CVD- (all p&lt;0.001). Moreover, among women who did not develop CVD, all lipid and glycemic measures were significantly worse in those with previous GDM (all p&lt;0.001 for GDM+/CVD- vs GDM-/CVD-). Mediation analyses revealed that the dominant determinants of CVD risk in women with GDM were A1c (56.0% mediation, 95%CI 47.4-67.8) and fasting glucose (47.4%, 38.8-60.8), followed by HDL (25.2%, 21.3-30.7) and triglycerides (12.1%, 9.7-15.6). Upon exclusion of those who developed diabetes during follow-up, the key determinants were HDL (40.8%), fasting glucose (37.7%), A1c (28.6%), triglycerides (21.0%), and LDL (9.9%). CONCLUSIONS: Adverse glycemic and lipid measures mediate the elevated risk of CVD in women with previous GDM, with the impact of lipids particularly evident in those who do not develop diabetes. These findings thus identify potential targets for risk factor monitoring and ultimately early intervention towards the goal of primary prevention of CVD in this at-risk patient population.
Prevalence of the impaired glucose metabolism and its association with risk factors for coronary artery disease in women with gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased risk of diabetes (DM2), a coronary artery disease (CAD) equivalent. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of impaired glucose metabolism (IGM) in GDM and its association with risk factors for CAD. A cohort of 109 women with GDM underwent a glucose tolerance test which classified them into three groups: diabetic (DM2) (fasting glucose (G) >or=126mg/dl or plasma glucose 2h (2-h G) >or=200mg/dl); impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (G 100-125mg/dl and/or 2-h G 140-199mg/dl); and normal (N) (G<100mg/dl and/or 2-h<140mg/dl). They were compared for pre-gestational (PBMI) and current (CBMI) body mass index, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), G, lipids, fibrinogen and C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Thirty two months after delivery, 17.4% presented DM2, 39.4% IGT and 43.1% were N. PBMI, CBMI, SBP and DBP were significantly higher in the DM2 than N. G was higher in DM2 and IGT. HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) was higher in the N (p=0.02) and the triglycerides (TG) were higher in DM2 (p=0.02). The groups showed significantly different levels of hsCRP (p=0.002). We conclude that the high prevalence of IGM, overweight/obesity, dyslipidemia and altered inflammatory markers, make GDM a high-risk situation for CAD.
Techniques of monitoring blood glucose during pregnancy for women with pre-existing diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) is recommended as a key component of the management plan for diabetes therapy during pregnancy. No existing systematic reviews consider the benefits/effectiveness of various techniques of blood glucose monitoring on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. The effectiveness of the various monitoring techniques is unclear. OBJECTIVES: To compare techniques of blood glucose monitoring and their impact on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (30 November 2016), searched reference lists of retrieved studies and contacted trial authors. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs comparing techniques of blood glucose monitoring including SMBG, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) or clinic monitoring among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (type 1 or type 2). Trials investigating timing and frequency of monitoring were also included. RCTs using a cluster-randomised design were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. MAIN RESULTS: This review update includes at total of 10 trials (538) women (468 women with type 1 diabetes and 70 women with type 2 diabetes). The trials took place in Europe and the USA. Five of the 10 included studies were at moderate risk of bias, four studies were at low to moderate risk of bias, and one study was at high risk of bias. The trials are too small to show differences in important outcomes such as macrosomia, preterm birth, miscarriage or death of baby. Almost all the reported GRADE outcomes were assessed as being very low-quality evidence. This was due to design limitations in the studies, wide confidence intervals, small sample sizes, and few events. In addition, there was high heterogeneity for some outcomes.Various methods of glucose monitoring were compared in the trials. Neither pooled analyses nor individual trial analyses showed any clear advantages of one monitoring technique over another for primary and secondary outcomes. Many important outcomes were not reported.1. Self-monitoring versus standard care (two studies, 43 women): there was no clear difference for caesarean section (risk ratio (RR) 0.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 1.49; one study, 28 women) or glycaemic control (both very low-quality), and not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality and neonatal mortality and morbidity composite. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, large-for-gestational age, neurosensory disability, and preterm birth were not reported in either study.2. Self-monitoring versus hospitalisation (one study, 100 women): there was no clear difference for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia and hypertension) (RR 4.26, 95% CI 0.52 to 35.16; very low-quality: RR 0.43, 95% CI 0.08 to 2.22; very low-quality). There was no clear difference in caesarean section or preterm birth less than 37 weeks' gestation (both very low quality), and the sample size was too small to assess perinatal mortality (very low-quality). Large-for-gestational age, mortality or morbidity composite, neurosensory disability and preterm birth less than 34 weeks were not reported.3. Pre-prandial versus post-prandial glucose monitoring (one study, 61 women): there was no clear difference between groups for caesarean section (RR 1.45, 95% CI 0.92 to 2.28; very low-quality), large-for-gestational age (RR 1.16, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.85; very low-quality) or glycaemic control (very low-quality). The results for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: pre-eclampsia and perinatal mortality are not meaningful because these outcomes were too rare to show differences in a small sample (all very low-quality). The study did not report the outcomes mortality or morbidity composite, neurosensory disability or preterm birth.4. Automated telemedicine monitoring versus conventional system (three studies, 84 women): there was no clear difference for caesarean section (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.48; one study, 32 women; very low-quality), and mortality or morbidity composite in the one study that reported these outcomes. There were no clear differences for glycaemic control (very low-quality). No studies reported hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, large-for-gestational age, perinatal mortality (stillbirth and neonatal mortality), neurosensory disability or preterm birth.5.CGM versus intermittent monitoring (two studies, 225 women): there was no clear difference for pre-eclampsia (RR 1.37, 95% CI 0.52 to 3.59; low-quality), caesarean section (average RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.54; I² = 62%; very low-quality) and large-for-gestational age (average RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.92; I² = 82%; very low-quality). Glycaemic control indicated by mean maternal HbA1c was lower for women in the continuous monitoring group (mean difference (MD) -0.60 %, 95% CI -0.91 to -0.29; one study, 71 women; moderate-quality). There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality and there were no clear differences for preterm birth less than 37 weeks' gestation (low-quality). Mortality or morbidity composite, neurosensory disability and preterm birth less than 34 weeks were not reported.6. Constant CGM versus intermittent CGM (one study, 25 women): there was no clear difference between groups for caesarean section (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.33 to 1.79; very low-quality), glycaemic control (mean blood glucose in the 3rd trimester) (MD -0.14 mmol/L, 95% CI -2.00 to 1.72; very low-quality) or preterm birth less than 37 weeks' gestation (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.08 to 15.46; very low-quality). Other primary (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, large-for-gestational age, perinatal mortality (stillbirth and neonatal mortality), mortality or morbidity composite, and neurosensory disability) or GRADE outcomes (preterm birth less than 34 weeks' gestation) were not reported. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: This review found no evidence that any glucose monitoring technique is superior to any other technique among pregnant women with pre-existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The evidence base for the effectiveness of monitoring techniques is weak and additional evidence from large well-designed randomised trials is required to inform choices of glucose monitoring techniques.
Breastfeeding may benefit cardiometabolic health of children exposed to increased gestational glycemia in utero.; PURPOSE: There is altered breastmilk composition among mothers with gestational diabetes and conflicting evidence on whether breastfeeding is beneficial or detrimental to their offspring's cardiometabolic health. We aimed to investigate associations between breastfeeding and offspring's cardiometabolic health across the range of gestational glycemia. METHODS: We included 827 naturally conceived, term singletons from a prospective mother-child cohort. We measured gestational (26-28 weeks) fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h plasma glucose (2 hPG) after an oral glucose tolerance test as continuous variables. Participants were classified into 2 breastfeeding categories (high/intermediate vs. low) according to their breastfeeding duration and exclusivity. Main outcome measures included magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-measured abdominal fat, intramyocellular lipids (IMCL), and liver fat, quantitative magnetic resonance (QMR)-measured body fat mass, blood pressure, blood lipids, and insulin resistance at 6 years old (all continuous variables). We evaluated if gestational glycemia (FPG and 2 hPG) modified the association of breastfeeding with offspring outcomes after adjusting for confounders using a multiple linear regression model that included a 'gestational glycemia × breastfeeding' interaction term. RESULTS: With increasing gestational FPG, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was associated with lower levels of IMCL (p-interaction = 0.047), liver fat (p-interaction = 0.033), and triglycerides (p-interaction = 0.007), after adjusting for confounders. Specifically, at 2 standard deviations above the mean gestational FPG level, high/intermediate (vs. low) breastfeeding was linked to lower adjusted mean IMCL [0.39% of water signal (0.29, 0.50) vs. 0.54% of water signal (0.46, 0.62)], liver fat [0.39% by weight (0.20, 0.58) vs. 0.72% by weight (0.59, 0.85)], and triglycerides [0.62 mmol/L (0.51, 0.72) vs. 0.86 mmol/L (0.75, 0.97)]. 2 hPG did not significantly modify the association between breastfeeding and childhood cardiometabolic risk. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest breastfeeding may confer protection against adverse fat partitioning and higher triglyceride concentration among children exposed to increased glycemia in utero.
Maternal diabetes induces changes in the umbilical cord gene expression.; INTRODUCTION: Since maternal diabetes may affect fetal development and the umbilical cord provides an extension of the fetal vasculature, we decided to investigate cords' biological responses to maternal diabetic milieu. METHODS: Using microarray analysis, we determined the gene expression profiles in the umbilical cords of six neonates born to type 1 diabetic mothers and in six control cords. Umbilical cord tissue was collected immediately after elective cesarean section. Expression data were confirmed by real-time polymerase chain reaction (11 genes). Additionally, the same umbilical cords were analyzed histologically. RESULTS: Two hundred eighty six genes were differentially expressed in the umbilical cords from diabetic pregnancies compared to the controls (fold change ±1.5 and P < 0.01). Maternal diabetes had a major effect on the expression of genes involved in vascular development (Bone morphogenetic protein 4, Delta-like 1, and Notch homolog 4), vessel wall integrity (Collagen type VIII alpha 1, Myocyte enhancer factor 2C, and Matrix metalloproteinase 2), and vascular function (Natriuretic peptide precursor B, Endothelin 1, Endothelin receptor B, Cyclooxygenase 1, and Phosphodiesterase 5A). Maternal diabetes was associated with thicker umbilical vein intima-media layers and larger umbilical vein and artery intima-media areas compared to the controls. DISCUSSION: Maternal diabetic environment seems to alter umbilical cord expression of genes involved in the regulation of vascular development and function with simultaneous umbilical vessel muscle layer thickening. These alterations suggest vascular phenotypic modifications, which in turn may lead to long-term vascular consequences in various tissues in infants of diabetic mothers.
Exercise-Diet Therapy Combined with Insulin Aspart Injection for the Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Study on Clinical Effect and Its Impact.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the clinical effect and impact of exercise-diet therapy combined with Insulin Aspart Injection on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The objects of study were patients with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 62 patients with GDM who were diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and insulin release test from February 2017 to February 2019. According to the severity of the disease, enrolled patients were informed to have appropriate exercise and diet control or Insulin Aspart Injection on this basis until the completion of delivery. By using 50 pregnant women with normal glucose as the control, the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 1-hour postprandial glucose (1hPG), 2-hour postprandial glucose (2hPG), nocturnal glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were compared between the PGDM group and the GDM group before and after treatment; besides, further comparison was made in terms of glucose compliance rate, islet B-cell secretory function, and insulin resistance after treatment. The pregnant women were examined by B-ultrasound at 24 and 26 weeks of gestation to check if the fetus had abnormalities in the central nervous system and the heart. Further B-ultrasound examination was performed at 32 and 37 weeks of gestation to check the problems such as polyhydramnios and stillbirth. In addition, a comparative analysis was carried out in terms of the adverse pregnancy outcomes and complications, associated with the comparison of the results after treatment with control group. RESULTS: After treatment, the levels of FPG, 1hPG, 2hPG, nocturnal glucose, and HbA1c were decreased in the PGDM group and GDM group than those before treatment, especially in the GDM group, with significant difference still when compared with the control group (P < 0.05). Statistical analysis revealed that the blood glucose compliance rate in the GDM group was higher than that in the PGDM group, showing a better therapeutic effect. Fasting insulin (FINS) and homeostasis model assessment index for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in control group, but lower than those in the PGDM group (P < 0.01), while the level of HOMA-β was lower in the GDM group than that in the control group and higher than that in PGDM (P < 0.01). Further ultrasound examination revealed the presence of fetal cardiac abnormality, polyhydramnios, stillbirth, and problems, showing a higher incidence in the PGDM group but almost nonexistence in the control group. In addition, the incidence of hypertension, macrosomia, premature rupture of membranes, postpartum hemorrhage, and infection were obviously higher in the PGDM group than those in the GDM group and control group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Exercise-diet therapy combined with Insulin Aspart Injection can effectively control the blood glucose level of pregnant patients with GDM, improve the pregnancy outcome to a certain extent, and ensure the health of pregnant women and fetus, which is worthy of clinical application.
Cellular-tissue localization and regulation of the GLUT-1 protein in both the embryo and the visceral yolk sac from normal and experimental diabetic rats during the early postimplantation period.; We investigated the tissue-specific developmental expression and localization of GLUT-1 protein in the rat embryo and visceral yolk sac (VYS) during the organogenic periods of normal rats. The expression of GLUT-1 protein was then compared to that of experimental diabetic rats to test whether the diabetic state would affect the regulation of the glucose transporter during the early postimplantation periods (9.5-14.5 days), as we have previously demonstrated that GLUT-1 protein in embryo and VYS was down-regulated in culture with hyperglycemic medium. In the embryo, GLUT-1 protein was highly expressed during the early stages of organogenesis (between 9.5-12.5 days) and declined thereafter, whereas in the VYS, its strong expression was observed at the later stages (from 12.5-14.5 days). Immunohistochemical localization of the GLUT-1 protein in the embryo during the main periods of neurulation (9.5-11.5 days) showed that GLUT-1 immunoreactivity was principally observed in the neuroepithelial cells of the neural tube and also noted in the primitive heart, primitive gut, otic, and optic vesicles. At 12.5 days, GLUT-1 protein started to be expressed in the microvessels at the cranial portions of the neural tube, although its expression in the neuroepithelial cells still remained at the caudal (tail) portions of the neural tube. In the later stages (13.5-14.5 days) after completion of neural tube formation, GLUT-1 protein immunoreactivity substantially decreased in the neuroepithelial cells and was found mainly in the microvessels of the brain vesicles and spinal cord, whereas it continued to be expressed in the heart and eyes. In the VYS, its immunoreactivity was noticeably confined to the endodermal layer, which started as a simple layer and developed wave-like folds in the later stages. The levels of GLUT-1 protein in embryo and VYS from diabetic rats, determined by Western blot analysis, were not down-regulated compared to those in control rats at the different gestational days. Likewise, comparison of GLUT-1 protein immunoreactivity of various tissues in embryo and VYS, focusing on the neural tube, also revealed no significant differences between the two groups. We demonstrated that GLUT-1 protein is abundantly expressed in embryonic tissues and VYS during the early periods of organogenesis. The lack of down-regulation and the continuous abundant expression of the GLUT-1 protein despite the diabetic state in embryo and VYS during the early postimplantation periods may increase delivery of glucose from the VYS into various differentiating embryonic cells, leading to diabetes-induced congenital malformations.
Umbilical artery velocimetry in diabetes and pregnancy.; Doppler studies of umbilical artery velocity waveforms were performed during the third trimester of pregnancy in 43 diabetic women (18 class A and 25 insulin dependent). A mean serum glucose value of 120 mg% or more was selected to indicate poor glucose control. Systolic to diastolic ratios of umbilical artery velocity waveforms were calculated to determine the degree of placental vascular resistance. A systolic to diastolic ratio of 3 or more was selected as the cut-off value for determining placental vascular disease. A significant positive correlation between systolic to diastolic ratios and serum glucose level (r = 0.52, P less than .001) was found. Elevated systolic to diastolic ratio was associated with increased number of stillbirths and neonatal morbidity. This study suggests that the risk of adverse outcome in diabetic pregnant women correlates with umbilical artery velocity waveforms.
Association of tribbles homologue 1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells with duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia.; Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered to be an important factor that epigenetically predisposes offspring to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. However, the mechanisms of how intrauterine hyperglycaemia affects offspring have not been thoroughly studied. The mammalian tribbles homologue 1 (TRIB1) gene is associated with plasma lipid concentrations and coronary artery disease (CAD). Our aim was to study the effect of GDM and its treatment terms on the level of TRIB1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) of newborns from women with and without GDM. The study included 50 women with GDM and 25 women without GDM (control group). Women with GDM were divided into three groups according to their gestational age when the treatment of GDM started: 24-28 weeks (GDM1, N = 16), 29-32 weeks (GDM2, N = 25) and >34 weeks (GDM3, N = 9). The levels of TRIB1 gene expression in GDM3, GDM2, GDM1 and control groups were 2.8 ± 1.1, 4.2 ± 2.4, 6.0 ± 3.4 and 8.1 ± 6.1, respectively (p = 0.001). After comparison in pairs the difference was significant for the following pairs: GDM2-control (p = 0.004), GDM3-control (p = 0.002), GDM1-GDM3 (p = 0.012). Notably, if treatment had been started before the 28th week of gestation, the difference in TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs was not significant (p = 0.320 for comparison between GDM1 and control groups). Our findings support the hypothesis that TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs depends on the duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia.
Characteristics and outcomes of pregnant women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes: a 5-year national population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with preterm delivery, birthweight extremes, and increased rates of congenital anomaly, stillbirth, and neonatal death. We aimed to identify and compare modifiable risk factors associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 diabetes and those with type 2 diabetes and to identify effective maternity clinics. METHODS: In this national population-based cohort study, we used data for pregnancies among women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes collected in the first 5 years of the National Pregnancy in Diabetes audit across 172 maternity clinics in England, Wales, and the Isle of Man, UK. Data for obstetric complications (eg, preterm delivery [<37 weeks' gestation], large for gestational age [LGA] birthweight [>90th percentile]) and adverse pregnancy outcomes (congenital anomaly, stillbirth, neonatal death) were obtained for pregnancies completed between Jan 1, 2014, and Dec 31, 2018. We assessed associations between modifiable (eg, HbA(1c), BMI, pre-pregnancy care, maternity clinic) and non-modifiable risk factors (eg, age, ethnicity, deprivation, duration of type 1 diabetes) with pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 diabetes compared with those with type 2 diabetes. We calculated associations between maternal factors and perinatal deaths using a regression model, including diabetes type and duration, maternal age, BMI, deprivation quintile, first trimester HbA(1c), preconception folic acid, potentially harmful medications, and third trimester HbA(1c). FINDINGS: Our dataset included 17 375 pregnancy outcomes in 15 290 pregnant women. 8690 (50·0%) of 17 375 pregnancies were in women with type 1 diabetes (median age at delivery 30 years [10-90th percentile 22-37], median duration of diabetes 13 years [3-25]) and 8685 (50·0%) were in women with type 2 diabetes (median age at delivery 34 years [27-41], median duration of diabetes 3 years [0-10]). The rates of preterm delivery (3325 [42·5%] of 7825 pregnancies among women with type 1 diabetes, 1825 [23·4%] of 7815 with type 2 diabetes; p<0·0001), and LGA birthweight (4095 [52·2%] of 7845 with type 1 diabetes, 2065 [26·2%] of 7885 with type 2 diabetes; p<0·0001) were higher in type 1 diabetes. The prevalence of congenital anomaly (among women with type 1 diabetes: 44·8 per 1000 livebirths, terminations, and fetal losses; among women with type 2 diabetes: 40·5 per 1000 livebirths, terminations, and fetal losses; p=0·17) and stillbirth (type 1 diabetes: 10·4 per 1000 livebirths and stillbirths; type 2 diabetes: 13·5 per 1000 livebirths and stillbirths; p=0·072) did not significantly differ between diabetes types, but rates of neonatal death were higher in mothers with type 2 diabetes than in those with type 1 diabetes (type 1 diabetes: 7·4 per 1000 livebirths; type 2 diabetes 11·2 per 1000 livebirths; p=0·013). Across the whole study population, independent risk factors for perinatal death (ie, stillbirth or neonatal death) were third trimester HbA(1c) of 6·5% (48 mmol/mol) or higher (odds ratio 3·06 [95% CI 2·16-4·33] vs HbA(1c) <6·5%), being in the highest deprivation quintile (2·29 [1·16-4·52] vs the lowest quintile), and having type 2 diabetes (1·65 [1·18-2·31] vs type 1 diabetes). Variations in HbA(1c) and LGA birthweight were associated with maternal characteristics (age, diabetes duration, deprivation, BMI) without substantial differences between maternity clinics. INTERPRETATION: Our data highlight persistent adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Maternal glycaemia and BMI are the key modifiable risk factors. No maternity clinics were had appreciably better outcomes than any others, suggesting that health-care system changes are needed across all clinics. FUNDING: None.
Differential methylation of genes in individuals exposed to maternal diabetes in utero.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Individuals exposed to maternal diabetes in utero are more likely to develop metabolic and cardiovascular diseases later in life. This may be partially attributable to epigenetic regulation of gene expression. We performed an epigenome-wide association study to examine whether differential DNA methylation, a major source of epigenetic regulation, can be observed in offspring of mothers with type 2 diabetes during the pregnancy (OMD) compared with offspring of mothers with no diabetes during the pregnancy (OMND). METHODS: DNA methylation was measured in peripheral blood using the Illumina HumanMethylation450K BeadChip. A total of 423,311 CpG sites were analysed in 388 Pima Indian individuals, mean age at examination was 13.0 years, 187 of whom were OMD and 201 were OMND. Differences in methylation between OMD and OMND were assessed. RESULTS: Forty-eight differentially methylated CpG sites (with an empirical false discovery rate ≤0.05), mapping to 29 genes and ten intergenic regions, were identified. The gene with the strongest evidence was LHX3, in which six CpG sites were hypermethylated in OMD compared with OMND (p ≤ 1.1 × 10(-5)). Similarly, a CpG near PRDM16 was hypermethylated in OMD (1.1% higher, p = 5.6 × 10(-7)), where hypermethylation also predicted future diabetes risk (HR 2.12 per SD methylation increase, p = 9.7 × 10(-5)). Hypermethylation near AK3 and hypomethylation at PCDHGA4 and STC1 were associated with exposure to diabetes in utero (AK3: 2.5% higher, p = 7.8 × 10(-6); PCDHGA4: 2.8% lower, p = 3.0 × 10(-5); STC1: 2.9% lower, p = 1.6 × 10(-5)) and decreased insulin secretory function among offspring with normal glucose tolerance (AK3: 0.088 SD lower per SD of methylation increase, p = 0.02; PCDHGA4: 0.08 lower SD per SD of methylation decrease, p = 0.03; STC1: 0.072 SD lower per SD of methylation decrease, p = 0.05). Seventeen CpG sites were also associated with BMI (p ≤ 0.05). Pathway analysis of the genes with at least one differentially methylated CpG (p < 0.005) showed enrichment for three relevant biological pathways. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Intrauterine exposure to diabetes can affect methylation at multiple genomic sites. Methylation status at some of these sites can impair insulin secretion, increase body weight and increase risk of type 2 diabetes.
Risk of cerebral palsy associated with neonatal encephalopathy in macrosomic neonates.; AIM: To determine whether macrosomic infants with a birthweight of 4.0 kg or more have increased risk of cerebral palsy associated with neonatal encephalopathy (Enc-CP). METHODS: A retrospective review of 132 singleton infants with Enc-CP fulfilling all of the following criteria: born at gestational week (GW) 37 or more (n = 126) or weighing 2.5 kg or more at birth (n = 116) in or after January 2009 in Japan; no identifiable causes of cerebral palsy other than antenatal or intrapartum hypoxia; and exhibition of neonatal encephalopathy. National statistics of Japan were used to determine the numbers of infants according to birthweight categories. RESULTS: Of the 116 infants with a birthweight of 2.5 kg or more, 46 (39.7%), 49 (42.2%), 17 (14.7%) and four (3.4%) infants had birthweights of 2.5-2.99, 3.0-3.49, 3.5-3.99 and 4.0 kg or more, respectively. Corresponding figures among Japanese infants born in 2009-2011 were 42.8%, 45.4%, 10.9% and 0.90%, respectively. Infants with a birthweight of 4.0 kg or more had a relative risk (95% confidence interval) of Enc-CP of 3.89 (1.52-9.95) compared to those with a birthweight of 2.5-2.99 kg. CONCLUSION: Japanese infants with a birthweight of 4.0 kg or more have increased risk of Enc-CP.
Maternal Diabetes, Birth Weight, and Neonatal Risk of Congenital Heart Defects in Norway, 1994-2009.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between pregestational or gestational diabetes and offspring risk of congenital heart defects and the association between large-for-gestational-age birth weight and risk of cardiac defects in offspring of diabetic women. METHODS: Information on pregestational and gestational diabetes, cardiac defects, and birth weight among all births in Norway in 1994-2009 was ascertained from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, national health registries, and the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project. The relative risk (RR) compared offspring risk of cardiac defects for maternal diabetes with offspring risk in nondiabetic mothers adjusted for year of birth, maternal age, and parity. RESULTS: Among 914,427 births (live births, stillbirths, terminated pregnancies), 5,618 (0.61%) were complicated by maternal pregestational diabetes and 9,726 (1.06%) by gestational diabetes. Congenital heart defects were identified in 10,575 offspring. The prevalence of cardiac defects differed between groups: 344 of 10,000 births to women with pregestational diabetes, 172 of 10,000 to women with gestational diabetes, and 114 of 10,000 in women without diabetes (adjusted RRs 2.92, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.54-3.36 and 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.71). During the study period, the adjusted RRs for congenital heart defects did not change. The risk of cardiac defects in neonates very large for gestational age (birth weight greater than 3 standard deviations above the mean) was compared with neonates with birth weight appropriate for gestational age. For pregestational diabetes, the prevalences of offspring cardiac defects were 561 compared with 248 per 10,000 births (adjusted RR 2.23, 95% CI 1.39-3.59) and for gestational diabetes 388 compared with 132 per 10,000 (adjusted RR 2.73, 95% CI 1.53-4.85). CONCLUSION: The increased risk of having a child with a congenital heart defect has not changed for diabetic women in Norway since 1994. Among women with pregestational or gestational diabetes, having a large-for-gestational-age neonate was associated with a two- to threefold increased risk of cardiac defects compared with neonates with normal birth weight.
Influence of hyperglycemia during and after pregnancy on postpartum vascular function.; Endothelial dysfunction is commonly observed in women with a previous diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Whether arterial stiffness is also related to pregnancy and/or postpartum glucose intolerance has not been determined. We examined the influence of GDM during pregnancy and hyperglycemia in the postpartum period on arterial function. Thirty postpartum women were stratified into one of three groups: 1) normoglycemic pregnancy, normoglycemic postpartum (NORM), 2) GDM during pregnancy, normoglycemic postpartum (GDM-N); and 3) GDM during pregnancy, hyperglycemic postpartum (GDM-H). Ten never-pregnant controls were also recruited (Control). All measures were made at 2 mo postpartum or in the early follicular phase in Control women. Arterial stiffness was assessed by pulse wave velocity (PWV) and brachial and carotid artery distensibility. Endothelial function was determined by flow-mediated dilation (FMD). PWV was not different between the four groups. Distensibility of the brachial and carotid arteries was lower in GDM-N women (brachial: 1.1 × 10(-3) mmHg(-1) ± 3.6 × 10(-4); carotid: 2.0 × 10(-3) ± 3.3 × 10(-4)) and GDM-H (brachial: 1.4 × 10(-3) mmHg(-1) ± 4.1 × 10(-4); carotid: 1.8 × 10(-3) mmHg(-1) ± 5.0 × 10(-4)) compared with NORM women (brachial: 3.4 × 10(-3) mmHg(-1) ± 7.0 × 10(-4); carotid: 3.9 × 10(-3) ± 7.4 × 10(-4)). However, only brachial artery distensibility returned to Control levels by 2 mo postpartum in the NORM women. FMD was lower in previously GDM women (GDM-N: 4.1% ± 2.3; GDM-H: 4.4% ± 0.9) compared with NORM women (10.8% ± 1.3; P < 0.01). These findings suggest that the vascular function of women in the early postpartum period is influenced by GDM during pregnancy and the persistence of clinical and/or subclinical hyperglycemia after delivery.
Effects of Early Nursing Monitoring on Pregnancy Outcomes of Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus under Internet of Things.; To analyze the effect of early nursing intervention based on fetal heart signal extraction algorithm and Internet of Things (IoT) wireless communication technology on the adverse pregnancy outcomes of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and newborns, 88 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM who underwent the 75 g glucose tolerance test at 24-28 gestational weeks in the hospital were selected as the research objects. According to the different intervention methods, the patients were divided into 44 cases of the experimental group (nursing intervention based on maternal and infant monitoring system) and 44 cases of the control group (outpatient follow-up intervention). The results showed that the compliance score and diet compliance rate of patients in the experimental group were signally higher than those in the control group at 1 and 3 months after intervention (P < 0.05). The levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG), blood glucose 2 hours after the meal, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in the experimental group were lower than those in the control group at 1 and 3 months after intervention (P < 0.05). The number of giant babies, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, fetal distress, premature delivery, and birth weight in the experimental group was all lower than those in the control group, while the Apgar scores were higher than that in the control group (P < 0.05). To sum up, the intervention based on the intelligent maternal and infant monitoring system could timely help pregnant women adjust their diet structure and optimize the management of blood glucose and blood lipids, thus effectively improving the adverse pregnancy outcome and maintaining the health of pregnant women and newborns.
Understanding the role of childhood nurture, abuse, and stability on gestational diabetes in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study (CARDIA).; BACKGROUND: To estimate associations between facets of the maternal childhood family environment with gestational diabetes (GDM) and to test mediation by pre-pregnancy waist circumference. METHODS: We used data from CARDIA, a cohort of individuals aged 18-30 years at baseline (1985-86), followed over 30 years (2016). We included participants with one or more pregnancies ≥ 20 weeks after baseline, without pre-pregnancy diabetes. The primary exposure was the Childhood Family Environment Scale (assessed year 15), including the total score and abuse, nurture, and stability subscales as continuous, separate exposures. The outcome was GDM (self-reported at each visit for each pregnancy). We fit log binomial models with generalized estimating equations to calculate risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI), adjusting for age at delivery, parity, race (Black or White), and parental education. We used regression models with bootstrapped CIs to test mediation and effect modification by excess abdominal adiposity at the last preconception CARDIA visit (waist circumference ≥ 88 cm). RESULTS: We included 1033 individuals (46% Black) with 1836 pregnancies. 130 pregnancies (7.1%) were complicated by GDM. For each 1 point increase on the abuse subscale (e.g., from "rarely or never" to "some or little of the time") there was a 30% increased risk of GDM (RR: 1.3, 95% CI: 1.0, 1.7). There was evidence of effect modification but not mediation by preconception abdominal adiposity. CONCLUSIONS: A more adverse childhood family environment was associated with increased risk of GDM, with a stronger association among individuals with preconception waist circumference ≥ 88 cm.
Effects of maternal glycemia on fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the influence of maternal glycemia on fetal heart rate (FHR) parameters analyzed by computerized cardiotocography in fetuses of diabetic mothers in the third trimester. STUDY DESIGN: Thirty-nine pregnant women with pregestational diabetes mellitus were studied prospectively. The inclusion criteria were a diagnosis of pregestational diabetes, singleton pregnancy between 36 and 40 weeks, and absence of fetal abnormalities. Computerized cardiotocography (System 8002) was performed over a period of 60 min and capillary glycemia was measured immediately before and 30 and 60 min after the beginning of the exam. The evaluations were done 2 h after lunch. RESULTS: Nineteen patients (48.7%) presented mean glycemia > or =120 mg/dL. The mean basal FHR was 136.7+/-10.0 bpm in the group with glycemia <120 mg/dL and 144.8+/-9.4 bpm in the group with glycemia > or =120 mg/dL (p=0.013, Student's t test). There was a significant positive correlation (Pearson's test, p=0.0001, r=0.57) between basal FHR and mean glycemia. A significant negative correlation was observed between short-term variation and mean glycemia (Pearson's test, p=0.003, r=-0.47). No significant differences were observed between the other indices evaluated by computerized cardiotocography and glycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hyperglycemia at the time of cardiotocography is associated with elevated FHR. It seems to be important to understand how FHR parameters are influenced by maternal glycemic status at the time of fetal assessment in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
Multigenerational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) changes the maternal metabolic and uterine environment, thus increasing the risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes for both mother and child. Children of mothers who have GDM during their pregnancy are more likely to develop Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), early-onset cardiovascular disease and GDM when they themselves become pregnant, perpetuating a multigenerational increased risk of metabolic disease. The negative effect of GDM is exacerbated by maternal obesity, which induces a greater derangement of fetal adipogenesis and growth. Multiple factors, including genetic, epigenetic and metabolic, which interact with lifestyle factors and the environment, are likely to contribute to the development of GDM. Genetic factors are particularly important, with 30% of women with GDM having at least one parent with T2D. Fetal epigenetic modifications occur in response to maternal GDM, and may mediate both multi- and transgenerational risk. Changes to the maternal metabolome in GDM are primarily related to fatty acid oxidation, inflammation and insulin resistance. These might be effective early biomarkers allowing the identification of women at risk of GDM prior to the development of hyperglycaemia. The impact of the intra-uterine environment on the developing fetus, "developmental programming", has a multisystem effect, but its influence on adipogenesis is particularly important as it will determine baseline insulin sensitivity, and the response to future metabolic challenges. Identifying the critical window of metabolic development and developing effective interventions are key to our ability to improve population metabolic health.
Troponin T and pro-B-type natriuretic Peptide in fetuses of type 1 diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiomyopathy is noted in up to 40% of infants of diabetic mothers, and the exact mechanisms are unknown. The aim of this study was to determine whether fetal serum markers of cardiac function differ between normal and type 1 diabetic pregnancies and to examine the relationship between these markers and fetal cardiac structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This was a prospective observational study of 45 type 1 diabetic pregnancies and 39 normal pregnancies. All participants had concentrations of fetal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (proBNP) and troponin-T (TnT) measured at the time of delivery. All patients with type 1 diabetes had Doppler evaluation of the umbilical artery, middle cerebral artery, and ductus venosus in the third trimester, and a subset (n = 21) had detailed fetal echocardiograms performed in each trimester. RESULTS: Fetal proBNP and TnT concentrations were higher in the diabetic cohort than in the normal cohort (P < 0.05). ProBNP correlated positively with interventricular septum thickness (P < 0.05) but not with cardiac function indexes in the third trimester. In patients with poor glycemic control, there was a significant positive correlation (P < 0.05) between fetal TnT and the third trimester umbilical artery pulsatility index. There were also increased levels of fetal TnT in infants with poor perinatal outcome (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction are elevated in infants of diabetic mothers, especially those with cardiomyopathy or poor perinatal outcome. Hyperglycemia in early pregnancy may affect myocardial and placental development, thus contributing to the susceptibility to hypoxia seen in these infants.
Impact on offspring methylation patterns of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and intrauterine growth restraint suggest common genes and pathways linked to subsequent type 2 diabetes risk.; Size at birth, postnatal weight gain, and adult risk for type 2 diabetes may reflect environmental exposures during developmental plasticity and may be mediated by epigenetics. Both low birth weight (BW), as a marker of fetal growth restraint, and high birth weight (BW), especially after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), have been linked to increased risk of adult type 2 diabetes. We assessed DNA methylation patterns using a bead chip in cord blood samples from infants of mothers with GDM (group 1) and infants with prenatal growth restraint indicated by rapid postnatal catch-up growth (group 2), compared with infants with normal postnatal growth (group 3). Seventy-five CpG loci were differentially methylated in groups 1 and 2 compared with the controls (group 3), representing 72 genes, many relevant to growth and diabetes. In replication studies using similar methodology, many of these differentially methylated regions were associated with levels of maternal glucose exposure below that defined by GDM [the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study] or were identified as changes observed after randomized periconceptional nutritional supplementation in a Gambian cohort characterized by maternal deprivation. These studies provide support for the concept that similar epigenetic modifications may underpin different prenatal exposures and potentially increase long-term risk for diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Single Cell Multimodal Analyses Reveal Epigenomic and Transcriptomic Basis for Birth Defects in Maternal Diabetes.; Maternal diabetes mellitus is among the most frequent environmental contributors to congenital birth defects, including heart defects and craniofacial anomalies, yet the cell types affected and mechanisms of disruption are largely unknown. Using multi-modal single cell analyses, here we show that maternal diabetes affects the epigenomic landscape of specific subsets of cardiac and craniofacial progenitors during embryogenesis. A previously unrecognized cardiac progenitor subpopulation expressing the homeodomain-containing protein ALX3 showed prominent chromatin accessibility changes and acquired a more posterior identity. Similarly, a subpopulation of neural crest-derived cells in the second pharyngeal arch, which contributes to craniofacial structures, displayed abnormalities in the epigenetic landscape and axial patterning defects. Chromatin accessibility changes in both populations were associated with increased retinoic acid signaling, known to establish anterior-posterior identity. This work highlights how an environmental insult can have highly selective epigenomic consequences on discrete cell types leading to developmental patterning defects.
Developmental metformin exposure does not rescue physiological impairments derived from early exposure to altered maternal metabolic state in offspring mice.; OBJECTIVE: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and metabolic disorders during pregnancy are increasing globally. This has resulted in increased use of therapeutic interventions such as metformin to aid in glycemic control during pregnancy. Even though metformin can cross the placental barrier, its impact on offspring brain development remains poorly understood. As metformin promotes AMPK signaling, which plays a key role in axonal growth during development, we hypothesized that it may have an impact on hypothalamic signaling and the formation of neuronal projections in the hypothalamus, the key regulator of energy homeostasis. We further hypothesized that this is dependent on the metabolic and nutritional status of the mother at the time of metformin intervention. Using mouse models of maternal overnutrition, we aimed to assess the effects of metformin exposure on offspring physiology and hypothalamic neuronal circuits during key periods of development. METHODS: Female C57BL/6N mice received either a control diet or a high-fat diet (HFD) during pregnancy and lactation periods. A subset of dams was fed a HFD exclusively during the lactation. Anti-diabetic treatments were given during the first postnatal weeks. Body weights of male and female offspring were monitored daily until weaning. Circulating metabolic factors and molecular changes in the hypothalamus were assessed at postnatal day 16 using ELISA and Western Blot, respectively. Hypothalamic innervation was assessed by immunostaining at postnatal days 16 and 21. RESULTS: We identified alterations in weight gain and circulating hormones in male and female offspring induced by anti-diabetic treatment during the early postnatal period, which were critically dependent on the maternal metabolic state. Furthermore, hypothalamic agouti-related peptide (AgRP) and proopiomelanocortin (POMC) neuronal innervation outcomes in response to anti-diabetic treatment were also modulated by maternal metabolic state. We also identified sex-specific changes in hypothalamic AMPK signaling in response to metformin exposure. CONCLUSION: We demonstrate a unique interaction between anti-diabetic treatment and maternal metabolic state, resulting in sex-specific effects on offspring brain development and physiological outcomes. Overall, based on our findings, no positive effect of metformin intervention was observed in the offspring, despite ameliorating effects on maternal metabolic outcomes. In fact, the metabolic state of the mother drives the most dramatic differences in offspring physiology and metformin had no rescuing effect. Our results therefore highlight the need for a deeper understanding of how maternal metabolic state (excessive weight gain versus stable weight during GDM treatment) affects the developing offspring. Further, these results emphasize that the interventions to treat alterations in maternal metabolism during pregnancy need to be reassessed from the perspective of the offspring physiology.
Obesity and cardiovascular disease in women.; As the prevalence of obesity continues to grow worldwide, the health and financial burden of obesity-related comorbidities grows too. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is clearly associated with increased adiposity. Importantly, women are at higher risk of CVD when obese and insulin resistant, in particular at higher risk of developing heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and ischemic heart disease. Increased aldosterone and mineralocorticoid receptor activation, aberrant estrogenic signaling and elevated levels of androgens are among some of the proposed mechanisms explaining the heightened CVD risk. In addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors, understanding nontraditional risk factors specific to women, like excess weight gain during pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and menopause are central to designing personalized interventions aimed to curb the epidemic of CVD. In the present review, we examine the available evidence supporting a differential cardiovascular impact of increased adiposity in women compared with men and the proposed pathophysiological mechanisms behind these differences. We also discuss women-specific cardiovascular risk factors associated with obesity and insulin resistance.
Infants of diabetic mothers. Fetal and neonatal pathophysiology.; Most of the clinical problems experienced by the IDM in the immediate neonatal period are manifestations of abnormal fetal developmental physiology that occur in response to an increased flux of glucose from mother to fetus. The principal fetal responses are hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, increased metabolic rate, and hypoxemia. Those fetal responses very likely lead to a redistribution of cardiac output, increased release of norepinephrine, and blunted release of glucagon. More fat is stored in adipocytes; more glycogen is stored in the liver; the heart may develop asymmetric septal hypertrophy; and lung metabolism is altered to delay the appearance of mature surfactant. At birth, the macrosomic IDM develops hypoglycemia that has a multifactorial basis (hyperinsulinemia, hypoglucagonemia, and probably diminished gluconeogenic and cortisol production rates). The IDM may experience respiratory symptoms from one of three causes: IRDS, persistent pulmonary hypertension, or congestive heart failure. Hyperbilirubinemia may occur because of increased rate of hemolysis; hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia are likely within the first 3 days in association with a sluggish PTH response; and abnormal levels of inhibitors of fibrinolysis and platelet prostaglandin E-like substances may stimulate abnormal thrombosis.
Colloid osmotic pressure of umbilical cord plasma in healthy and sick newborn infants.; Colloid osmotic pressure of umbilical cord plasma was measured in 242 healthy infants, in 34 infants with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), in 18 infants with asphyxia, in 13 infants who were small for gestational age, in 15 infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus, and in 18 infants born to mothers with pregnancy-induced hypertension. In healthy infants, colloid osmotic pressure correlated highly significantly with umbilical cord blood total protein level, gestational age, and birth weight. In infants with RDS, no correlation between colloid osmotic pressure and gestational age or birth weight was found. Infants with RDS and gestational age between 36 and 38 weeks had significantly lower colloid osmotic pressure than healthy infants, whereas colloid osmotic pressure of infants with RDS and gestational age between 32 and 35 weeks did not differ from that of healthy infants of corresponding gestational age. Healthy term infants delivered by cesarean section had significantly lower colloid osmotic pressure than infants delivered vaginally. Infants with asphyxia had significantly higher colloid osmotic pressure than healthy infants. Colloid osmotic pressure is related to the lung maturity of the near-term and term neonate. Infants with a colloid osmotic pressure greater than 16 mm Hg are unlikely to develop RDS.
Maternal diabetes compromises the organization of hypothalamic feeding circuits and impairs leptin sensitivity in offspring.; Maternal diabetes is a common complication of pregnancy, and the offspring of diabetic mothers have a higher risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes later in life. Despite these observations, the precise biological processes mediating this metabolic programming are not well understood. Here, we explored the consequences of maternal diabetes on the organization of hypothalamic neural circuits involved in the regulation of energy balance. To accomplish this aim, we used a mouse model of maternal insulin deficiency induced by streptozotocin injections. Maternal diabetes was found to be associated with changes in offspring growth as revealed by a significantly higher pre- and postweaning body weight in the offspring of insulin-deficient dams relative to those of control mice. Mice born to diabetic dams also showed increased fasting glucose levels, increased insulin levels, and increased food intake during their adult lives. These impairments in metabolic regulation were associated with leptin resistance during adulthood. Importantly, the ability of leptin to activate intracellular signaling in arcuate neurons was also significantly reduced in neonates born to diabetic dams. Furthermore, neural projections from the arcuate nucleus to the paraventricular nucleus were markedly reduced in the offspring of insulin-deficient dams. Together, these data show that insulin deficiency during gestation has long-term consequences for metabolic regulation. They also indicate that animals born to diabetic dams display abnormally organized hypothalamic feeding pathways that could result from the attenuated responsiveness of hypothalamic neurons to the neurotrophic actions of leptin during neonatal development.
Paraganglioma presenting as hypertension during pregnancy, proteinuria, thrombocytosis, and diabetes mellitus: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Paraganglioma is a very rare cause of pregnancy-induced hypertension. The objective of this case report is to present a case of paraganglioma presented during pregnancy and missed. Later, the diagnosis was made during the postpartum period because of persistence of hypertension. CASE PRESENTATION: Here, we describe the case of a patient with paraganglioma who initially presented with pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus. She had persistence of hypertension and diabetes mellitus following delivery with proteinuria, thrombocytosis, and spells. Once her pelvic paraganglioma was removed, her blood pressure and blood sugar were normal without antihypertensives or hypoglycemic agents, respectively. Her proteinuria settled with near-normal platelet counts. CONCLUSION: Although neuroendocrine tumors are a rare cause of pregnancy-induced hypertension, it should be suspected in the appropriate clinical setting. Diabetes mellitus, proteinuria, and thrombocytosis can be a clinical feature in paraganglioma.
The relationship between abnormal glucose tolerance and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in healthy nulliparous women. Calcium for Preeclampsia Prevention (CPEP) Study Group.; OBJECTIVE: The study's aim was to determine whether healthy nulliparous women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at increased risk for development of pregnancy-associated hypertension or preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: A series of 4589 healthy nulliparous women from 5 university centers were evaluated prospectively to determine whether calcium supplementation would prevent preeclampsia. Pregnancy-associated hypertension was a diastolic blood pressure > or = 90 mm Hg on 2 occasions 4 hours to 1 week apart. Pregnancy-associated proteinuria was proteinuria > or = 1+ by dipstick testing on 2 occasions 4 hours to 1 week apart, proteinuria > or = 300 mg/24 h, a protein to creatinine ratio of > or = 0.35, or a single dipstick measurement of > or = 2+. Preeclampsia was defined as pregnancy-associated hypertension and pregnancy-associated proteinuria documented within 7 days of each other. Normal glucose tolerance was a plasma glucose level < 140 mg/dL 1 hour after a 50-g oral glucose challenge. Abnormal glucose tolerance was a plasma glucose level > or = 140 mg/dL 1 hour after a 50-g oral glucose challenge followed by a 3-hour 100-g oral glucose tolerance test yielding < 2 abnormal values. Gestational diabetes mellitus was a plasma glucose level > or = 200 mg/dL 1 hour after a 50-g oral glucose challenge in the absence of an oral glucose tolerance test or > or = 2 abnormal plasma glucose values in a 3-hour 100-g oral glucose tolerance test (> or = 105 mg/dL fasting, > or = 190 mg/dL at 1 hour, > or = 165 mg/dL at 2 hours, or > or = 145 mg/dL at 3 hours). For purposes of this study women with preeclampsia were excluded from the category of pregnancy-associated hypertension. RESULTS: Calcium supplementation did not prevent pregnancy-associated hypertension or preeclampsia. Of 3689 women with complete glucose testing data, 227 (6%) had abnormal glucose tolerance and 81 (2%) had gestational diabetes mellitus. Compared with women with normal glucose tolerance, women with abnormal glucose tolerance were significantly older, had greater body mass index, and were more likely to be white non-Hispanic, to smoke, and to have private medical insurance. Among women with gestational diabetes mellitus, after adjustment for clinical center the relative risks of preeclampsia and of all hypertensive disorders were increased (relative risk 1.67, 95% confidence interval 0.92-3.05, and relative risk 1.54, 95% confidence interval 1.28-2.11, respectively). Risk ratios were not substantially reduced after further adjustment for race and body mass index (odds ratios 1.41 and 1.48, respectively). Even within the normal range, multivariate analysis demonstrated that the level of plasma glucose 1 hour after a 50-g oral glucose challenge was an important predictor of preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Even within the normal range, the level of plasma glucose 1 hour after a 50-g oral glucose challenge was positively correlated with the likelihood of preeclampsia. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus were at increased risk for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy after adjustment for clinical center, race, and body mass index, although the increase was not statistically significant. These findings suggest that insulin resistance may play a role in the pathogenesis of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Vitamin C supplementation for diabetes management: A comprehensive narrative review.; Growing evidence suggests that vitamin C supplementation may be an effective adjunct therapy in the management of people with diabetes. This paper critically reviews the current evidence on effects of vitamin C supplementation and its potential mechanisms in diabetes management. Evidence from meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) show favourable effects of vitamin C on glycaemic control and blood pressure that may be clinically meaningful, and mixed effects on blood lipids and endothelial function. However, evidence is mostly of low evidence certainty. Emerging evidence is promising for effects of vitamin C supplementation on some diabetes complications, particularly diabetic foot ulcers. However, there is a notable lack of robust and well-designed studies exploring effects of vitamin C as a single compound supplement on diabetes prevention and patient-important outcomes (i.e. prevention and amelioration of diabetes complications). RCTs are also required to investigate potential preventative or ameliorative effects of vitamin C on gestational diabetes outcomes. Oral vitamin C doses of 500-1000 mg per day are potentially effective, safe, and affordable for many individuals with diabetes. However, personalisation of supplementation regimens that consider factors such as vitamin C status, disease status, current glycaemic control, vitamin C intake, redox status, and genotype is important to optimize vitamin C's therapeutic effects safely. Finally, given a high prevalence of vitamin C deficiency in patients with complications, it is recommended that plasma vitamin C concentration be measured and monitored in the clinic setting.
Effect of diet composition on insulin sensitivity in humans.; Diet composition has a marked impact on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Prospective studies show that dietary patterns with elevated amount of animal products and low quantity of vegetable food items raise the risk of these diseases. In healthy subjects, animal protein intake intensifies insulin resistance whereas plant-based foods enhance insulin sensitivity. Similar effects have been documented in patients with diabetes. Accordingly, pre-pregnancy intake of meat (processed and unprocessed) has been strongly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes whereas greater pre-pregnancy vegetable protein consumption is associated with a lower risk of gestational diabetes. Population groups that modify their traditional dietary habit increasing the amount of animal products while reducing plant-based foods experience a remarkable rise in the frequency of type 2 diabetes. The association of animal protein intake with insulin resistance is independent of body mass index. In obese individuals that consume high animal protein diets, insulin sensitivity does not improve following weight loss. Diets aimed to lose weight that encourage restriction of carbohydrates and elevated consumption of animal protein intensify insulin resistance increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary components on insulin sensitivity may contribute to explain the striking impact of eating habits on the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance predisposes to type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects and deteriorates metabolic control in patients with diabetes. In nondiabetic and diabetic individuals, insulin resistance is a major cardiovascular risk factor.
Associations Between Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus In Utero and Daily Energy Intake, Brain Responses to Food Cues, and Adiposity in Children.; OBJECTIVE: Children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or maternal obesity in utero have an increased propensity to develop obesity. Little is known about the mechanisms underlying this phenomenon. We aimed to examine relationships between exposure to GDM or maternal obesity and daily energy intake (EI), brain responses to food cues within reward regions, and adiposity in children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants were 159 children ages 7-11 years. Repeated 24-h recalls were conducted to assess mean daily EI. A subset of children (n = 102) completed a food cue task in the MRI scanner. A priori regions of interest included the orbital frontal cortex (OFC), insula, amygdala, ventral striatum, and dorsal striatum. Adiposity measurements, BMI z-scores, percent body fat, waist-to-height ratio (WtHR), and waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) were assessed. RESULTS: Exposure to GDM was associated with greater daily EI, and children exposed to GDM diagnosed before 26 weeks gestation had greater OFC food cue reactivity. Children exposed to GDM also had larger WHR. Results remained significant after adjusting for child's age and sex, maternal education and race/ethnicity, maternal prepregnancy BMI, and child's physical activity levels. Furthermore, children who consumed more daily calories had greater WHR, and the relationship between GDM exposure and WHR was attenuated after adjustment for daily EI. Prepregnancy BMI was not significantly related to daily EI or food cue reactivity in reward regions. However, prepregnancy BMI was significantly related to all adiposity measurements; results remained significant for BMI z-scores, WtHR, and WHR after controlling for child's age and sex, maternal education and race/ethnicity, maternal GDM exposure, and child's physical activity levels. CONCLUSIONS: Exposure to GDM in utero, in particular before 26 weeks gestation, is associated with increased EI, enhanced OFC food cue reactivity, and increased WHR. Future study with longitudinal follow-up is merited to assess potential pathways of daily EI and food cue reactivity in reward regions on the associations between GDM exposure and childhood adiposity.
Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes: greater than fourfold risk among Indigenous compared with non-Indigenous Australian women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with a high risk of type 2 diabetes. However, progression rates among Indigenous women in Australia who experience high prevalence of gestational diabetes are unknown. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study includes all births to women at a regional hospital in Far North Queensland, Australia, coded as having 'gestational diabetes' from 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2010 (1098 births) and receiving laboratory postpartum screening from 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2011 (n = 483 births). Women who did not receive postpartum screening were excluded from the denominator. Data were linked between hospital electronic records, routinely collected birth data and laboratories, with sample validation by reviews of medical records. Analysis was conducted using Cox-proportional regression models. RESULTS: Indigenous women had a greater than fourfold risk of developing type 2 diabetes within 8 years of having gestational diabetes, compared with non-Indigenous women (hazards ratio 4.55, 95% confidence interval 2.63-7.88, p < 0.0001). Among women receiving postpartum screening tests, by 3, 5 and 7 years postpartum, 21.9% (15.8-30.0%), 25.5% (18.6-34.3%) and 42.4% (29.6-58.0%) Indigenous women were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes, respectively, compared with 4.2% (2.5-7.2%), 5.7% (3.3-9.5%) and 13.5% (7.3-24.2%) non-Indigenous women. Multivariate analysis showed an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes among women with an early pregnancy body mass index ≥25 kg/m(2) , only partially breastfeeding at hospital discharge and gestational diabetes diagnosis prior to 17 weeks gestation. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that, compared with non-Indigenous women, Indigenous Australian women have a greater than fourfold risk of developing type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. Strategies are urgently needed to reduce rates of type 2 diabetes by supporting a healthy weight and breastfeeding and to improve postpartum screening among Indigenous women with gestational diabetes. Copyright © 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Changes of serum pentraxin-3 and hypersensitive CRP levels during pregnancy and their relationship with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the changes of inflammatory factors pentraxin 3 (PTX3) and hypersensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) during pregnancy and their relationship with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The nested case-control study method was used. Eighty non-obese single-pregnant women diagnosed with GDM were included into the case group (GDM, n = 80), together with another eighty pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were matched in the same period and divided into the control group (CON, n = 80), for detecting multiple biochemical indicators in different pregnancy stages by ELISA. RESULTS: The serum levels of PTX3 and hs-CRP in pregnant women increased with the increase of gestational age (p < 0.001, p < 0.001). The levels of PTX3 and hs-CRP in group GDM were significantly higher in the middle and late pregnancy stages than group CON (p < 0.01, p < 0.05; p < 0.05, p < 0.05). PTX3 was positively correlated with hs-CRP, body mass index (BMI), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMAIR). CONCLUSIONS: PTX3 and hs-CRP may be related to the pathogenesis of GDM, and they are significantly increased in the second trimester, which provides a new idea for early prevention and treatment of GDM and risk prediction of long-term cardiovascular diseases.
Treatments for women with gestational diabetes mellitus: an overview of Cochrane systematic reviews.; BACKGROUND: Successful treatments for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have the potential to improve health outcomes for women with GDM and their babies. OBJECTIVES: To provide a comprehensive synthesis of evidence from Cochrane systematic reviews of the benefits and harms associated with interventions for treating GDM on women and their babies. METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (5 January 2018) for reviews of treatment/management for women with GDM. Reviews of pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes were excluded.Two overview authors independently assessed reviews for inclusion, quality (AMSTAR; ROBIS), quality of evidence (GRADE), and extracted data. MAIN RESULTS: We included 14 reviews. Of these, 10 provided relevant high-quality and low-risk of bias data (AMSTAR and ROBIS) from 128 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), 27 comparisons, 17,984 women, 16,305 babies, and 1441 children. Evidence ranged from high- to very low-quality (GRADE). Only one effective intervention was found for treating women with GDM.EffectiveLifestyle versus usual careLifestyle intervention versus usual care probably reduces large-for-gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.50 to 0.71; 6 RCTs, N = 2994; GRADE moderate-quality).PromisingNo evidence for any outcome for any comparison could be classified to this category.Ineffective or possibly harmful Lifestyle versus usual careLifestyle intervention versus usual care probably increases the risk of induction of labour (IOL) suggesting possible harm (average RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.46; 4 RCTs, N = 2699; GRADE moderate-quality).Exercise versus controlExercise intervention versus control for return to pre-pregnancy weight suggested ineffectiveness (body mass index, BMI) MD 0.11 kg/m², 95% CI -1.04 to 1.26; 3 RCTs, N = 254; GRADE moderate-quality).Insulin versus oral therapyInsulin intervention versus oral therapy probably increases the risk of IOL suggesting possible harm (RR 1.3, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.75; 3 RCTs, N = 348; GRADE moderate-quality).Probably ineffective or harmful interventionsInsulin versus oral therapyFor insulin compared to oral therapy there is probably an increased risk of the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (RR 1.89, 95% CI 1.14 to 3.12; 4 RCTs, N = 1214; GRADE moderate-quality).InconclusiveLifestyle versus usual careThe evidence for childhood adiposity kg/m² (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.11; 3 RCTs, N = 767; GRADE moderate-quality) and hypoglycaemia was inconclusive (average RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.52; 6 RCTs, N = 3000; GRADE moderate-quality).Exercise versus controlThe evidence for caesarean section (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.16; 5 RCTs, N = 316; GRADE moderate quality) and perinatal death or serious morbidity composite was inconclusive (RR 0.56, 95% CI 0.12 to 2.61; 2 RCTs, N = 169; GRADE moderate-quality).Insulin versus oral therapyThe evidence for the following outcomes was inconclusive: pre-eclampsia (RR 1.14, 95% CI 0.86 to 1.52; 10 RCTs, N = 2060), caesarean section (RR 1.03, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.14; 17 RCTs, N = 1988), large-for-gestational age (average RR 1.01, 95% CI 0.76 to 1.35; 13 RCTs, N = 2352), and perinatal death or serious morbidity composite (RR 1.03; 95% CI 0.84 to 1.26; 2 RCTs, N = 760). GRADE assessment was moderate-quality for these outcomes.Insulin versus dietThe evidence for perinatal mortality was inconclusive (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.41 to 1.33; 4 RCTs, N = 1137; GRADE moderate-quality).Insulin versus insulinThe evidence for insulin aspart versus lispro for risk of caesarean section was inconclusive (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.09; 3 RCTs, N = 410; GRADE moderate quality).No conclusions possibleNo conclusions were possible for: lifestyle versus usual care (perineal trauma, postnatal depression, neonatal adiposity, number of antenatal visits/admissions); diet versus control (pre-eclampsia, caesarean section); myo-inositol versus placebo (hypoglycaemia); metformin versus glibenclamide (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, pregnancy-induced hypertension, death or serious morbidity composite, insulin versus oral therapy (development of type 2 diabetes); intensive management versus routine care (IOL, large-for-gestational age); post- versus pre-prandial glucose monitoring (large-for-gestational age). The evidence ranged from moderate-, low- and very low-quality. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Currently there is insufficient high-quality evidence about the effects on health outcomes of relevance for women with GDM and their babies for many of the comparisons in this overview comparing treatment interventions for women with GDM. Lifestyle changes (including as a minimum healthy eating, physical activity and self-monitoring of blood sugar levels) was the only intervention that showed possible health improvements for women and their babies. Lifestyle interventions may result in fewer babies being large. Conversely, in terms of harms, lifestyle interventions may also increase the number of inductions. Taking insulin was also associated with an increase in hypertensive disorders, when compared to oral therapy. There was very limited information on long-term health and health services costs. Further high-quality research is needed.
Pregnancy in women with Type 2 diabetes: who takes metformin and what is the outcome?; AIMS: To review pregnancy outcomes in women with Type 2 diabetes (Type 2 DM), comparing women treated with those not treated with metformin. METHODS: Data were collected by case-note review for all pregnancies in women with Type 2 DM over a 6-year period (1998-2003) at the National Women's Hospital. Two hundred and fourteen pregnancies were included, metformin was taken in 93 pregnancies and continued until delivery in 32; the remaining 121 pregnancies comprised the control group. The principal outcome measures were preeclampsia, perinatal loss and neonatal morbidity. RESULTS: Baseline characteristics differed between groups: women in the metformin group had greater mean (SD) body mass index [35.5(7.6) vs. 33.5(6.6) kg/m2, P < 0.05], more chronic hypertension (19% vs. 7%, P < 0.05) and higher mean (SD) first trimester glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) levels [8.3(1.9)% vs. 7.5(1.7)%, P < 0.005]. There was no difference between metformin and control groups, respectively, in the rate of preeclampsia (13% vs. 14%, P = 0.84), perinatal loss (3% vs. 2%, P = 0.65) or neonatal morbidity, including rate of prematurity (23% vs. 22%, P = 0.7), admission to the neonatal unit (40% vs. 48%, P = 0.27), respiratory distress (9% vs. 18%, P = 0.07) and treatment with intravenous dextrose (20% vs. 31%, P = 0.08). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with Type 2 DM who were treated with metformin had more risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes, but no differences in outcomes were seen compared with women not taking metformin. We need randomized trials to address potential benefits of metformin treatment in this population that may be masked by current practice.
Pre-eclampsia is a potent risk factor for deterioration of retinopathy during pregnancy in Type 1 diabetic patients.; The aim of the present study was to examine the influence of pregnancy on deterioration of retinopathy in patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus. Sixty-five pregnant Type 1 diabetic women attending the University Hospital in Lund were studied retrospectively. The degree of retinopathy, and levels of HbA1c and blood pressure 12 months before, during, and 6 months after pregnancy were compared of those of 56 non-pregnant Type 1 diabetic women matched for age and duration of diabetes. For all patients, sight-threatening deterioration of retinopathy did not differ between the pregnancy group (9/65) and the control group (6/56). Over time, pregnant patients had lower HbA1c levels than controls (p < 0.001). Pregnant patients with sight-threatening deterioration of retinopathy had higher HbA1c levels than those without (p = 0.028 and the decrement in HbA1c between the 6-14th and the 20th week of gestation was more pronounced (p = 0.006). In those patients who developed pre-eclampsia during pregnancy, deterioration of retinopathy ocurred more frequently compared to those without pre-eclampsia (4/8 vs 5/65; p = 0.005). In conclusion, sight-threatening deterioration of retinopathy was not more common during pregnancy in IDDM patients than among age- and duration-matched control patients. In pregnant patients, deterioration of retinopathy was associated with the pregestational degree of metabolic control as well as with a rapidly improved glycaemic control acheived during pregnancy. Among those in whom deterioration occurred during pregnancy, pre-eclampsia was a potent risk factor.
Soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the SUN project.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing worldwide. To the best of our knowledge the specific evaluation of soft drink consumption as a risk factor for developing GDM has only been conducted in the Nurses' Health Study II. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the incidence of GDM according to soft drink consumption in the SUN project. DESIGN: The "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) project is a prospective and dynamic cohort which included data of 3396 women who notified at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2012. A validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess soft drink consumption. Four categories of sugar-sweetened soft drink (SSSD) and diet soft drink (DSD) consumption (servings) were established: rarely or never (<1/month), low (1-3/month), intermediate (>3/month and ≤1/week) and high (≥2/week). Potential confounders were adjusted through non-conditional logistic regression models. RESULTS: During the follow-up, we identified 172 incident cases of GDM. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, family history of diabetes, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, parity, fast-food consumption, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, multiple pregnancy, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, fiber intake, following special diet and snacking, SSSD consumption was significantly associated with an increased risk of incident GDM, with multivariable adjusted odds ratios (OR) of 2.03 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25-3.31) and 1.67 (95% CI: 1.01-2.77) for the highest and intermediate categories, respectively, versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.006). Conversely, DSD consumption was not associated with GDM incidence (adjusted OR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.52-1.31) for the highest versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.258). Additional sensitivity analyses did not change the results. CONCLUSION: Higher consumption of SSSDs before pregnancy was an independent risk factor for GDM, however, no association was observed between DSD consumption and GDM risk.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Is Associated With Offspring's Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: Several studies assessed maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the risk of childhood high blood pressure, and the results were inconsistent. We investigated the association between maternal GDM and hypertension risk in offspring during early childhood. METHODS: We performed a large study in 1,156 mother-child pairs (578 GDM and 578 non-GDM matched by their offspring's age and sex). Maternal GDM was diagnosed according to the World Health Organization criteria. Childhood height, weight, and blood pressure were measured using standardized methods. Age-, sex-, and height-specific blood pressure Z score, childhood hypertension, and high blood pressure were evaluated according to the reference range of the National High Blood Pressure Education Program Working Group on High Blood Pressure in Children and Adolescents. RESULTS: After adjustment for maternal and children's characteristics, children born to mothers with GDM during pregnancy had higher mean values of systolic blood pressure Z score (0.09 vs. -0.17), and higher prevalence of hypertension (6.4% vs. 3.5%) and high blood pressure (15.6% vs. 9.3%) in comparison with their counterparts born to mothers without GDM during pregnancy (all P values <0.05). Multivariable-adjusted odds ratios among children of mothers with GDM compared with children of mothers without GDM were 2.32 (95% confidence intervals [CI] 1.16-4.62) for hypertension and 1.89 (95% CI 1.24-2.86) for high blood pressure, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal GDM was associated with an increased risk of hypertension in the offspring. Controlling maternal GDM may be important for preventing childhood hypertension in the affected offspring.
Determinants of Small for Gestational Age in Women With Type 2 Diabetes in Pregnancy: Who Should Receive Metformin?; OBJECTIVE: In the MiTy (Metformin in Women With Type 2 Diabetes in Pregnancy) randomized trial of metformin versus placebo added to insulin, we found numerous benefits with metformin but identified an increased proportion of infants who were small for gestational age (SGA). We aimed to determine the predictors of SGA in order to individualize care. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Using logistic regression, we assessed baseline maternal characteristics as predictors of SGA. We compared maternal/neonatal outcomes in SGA metformin and placebo groups using the t, χ2, or Fisher exact test, as appropriate. RESULTS: Among the 502 mothers, 460 infants were eligible for this study. There were 30 infants with SGA in the metformin group (12.9%) and 15 in the placebo group (6.6%) (P = 0.026). Among SGA infants, those in the metformin group were delivered significantly later than those in the placebo group (37.2 vs. 35.3 weeks; P = 0.038). In adjusted analyses, presence of a comorbidity (chronic hypertension and/or nephropathy) (odds ratio [OR] 3.05; 95% CI 1.58-5.81) and metformin use (OR 2.26; 95% CI 1.19-4.74) were predictive of SGA. The absolute risk of SGA was much higher in women receiving metformin with comorbidity compared with women receiving metformin without comorbidity (25.0% vs. 9.8%). CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we observed a high percentage of SGA births among women with type 2 diabetes and chronic hypertension and/or nephropathy who were treated with metformin. Therefore, with the aim of reducing SGA, it is reasonable to be cautious in our use of metformin in those with type 2 diabetes and chronic hypertension or nephropathy in pregnancy.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prior to 26 Weeks Is Related to the Presence of Mediobasal Hypothalamic Gliosis in Children.; Intrauterine exposure to metabolic dysfunction leads to offspring metabolic dysfunction in human and rodent models, but underlying mechanisms are unclear. The mediobasal hypothalamus (MBH) is involved in energy homeostasis and weight regulation, and MBH gliosis is associated with obesity and insulin resistance. We tested the hypothesis that offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in utero versus those unexposed would show evidence of MBH gliosis. Participants in the BrainChild Study (age 7-11 years with confirmed GDM exposure or no GDM exposure) underwent brain MRI to acquire T2-weighted images. By using the amygdala (AMY) and white matter (WM) as reference regions, MBH:AMY and MBH:WM T2 signal ratios were calculated as a radiologic measure of MBH gliosis. Linear regressions were used to examine associations between GDM exposure (GDM overall) and by timing of GDM exposure (≤26 weeks or >26 weeks) and MBH gliosis. Associations between prepregnancy BMI and child MBH gliosis were examined in secondary analyses. There were no differences in T2 signal ratios in children exposed versus not exposed to GDM overall, but children exposed to early GDM (≤26 weeks of gestation) had higher MBH:WM signal ratios than those not exposed (β = 0.147; SE 0.06; P = 0.03), adjusting for child's age, sex, and BMI z score and maternal prepregnancy BMI, whereas no associations were seen for the control ratio (AMY:WM). Prepregnancy BMI was not associated with evidence of MBH gliosis. Early exposure to GDM was associated with radiologic evidence of MBH gliosis in children. These data provide mechanistic insight into brain pathways by which exposure to GDM may increase risk for metabolic dysfunction.
First and second pregnancy outcomes in women with class III obesity: An observational cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Class III obesity (BMI ≥ 40 kg/m(2)) during pregnancy predisposes mother and offspring to a range of adverse pregnancy complications and outcomes. Risk profiles vary between pregnancies and are affected by interpregnancy weight gain. We evaluated the risk of adverse outcomes in women with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m(2) in first and second pregnancies, and the impact of interpregnancy weight change on this risk. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were extracted for all women with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m(2) at first antenatal visit, who completed antenatal and delivery care for first and second pregnancies in NHS Lothian between 1/1/2009-31/12/2018. Multiple pregnancies and recipients of bariatric surgery were excluded. RESULTS: 442 pregnancies among 221 women were included. In first pregnancy, median (interquartile range) weight was 117 kg (108.5-126.7), age 28 years (24-31) and BMI 42 kg/m(2) (41.0-44.5), 14.4% had gestational diabetes (GDM), 11.3% had pregnancy-induced hypertension and 44.6% had a post-partum haemorrhage (PPH). 20.8% of babies were large for gestational age (LGA, ≥97% centile at birth). In second pregnancy, women were heavier with a median weight of 119.9 kg (109.0-130.0, p = 0.00) with 19.9% gaining over 10 kg. Women were more likely to develop GDM (21.6%, p = 0.02). Babies were heavier with 40% of babies LGA (p < 0.0001). Interpregnancy weight change had no significant impact on GDM, pregnancy induced hypertension, PPH, perinatal mortality or LGA. CONCLUSIONS: In a population of women with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m(2), pregnancy complications are common and risk is higher in second pregnancy. The interpregnancy period is a critical time to engage women in health improvement and weight loss strategies to maximise outcomes for mother and offspring.
Computerised analysis of fetal heart rate recordings in maternal type I diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: 1. To study computerised cardiotocograph parameters from women with type I diabetes; 2. to examine the significance of observed differences from the expected normal values. DESIGN: Prospective observational study in the third trimester of pregnancy. SETTING: The medical antenatal clinic of a tertiary referral centre. POPULATION: Twenty-six women with type I diabetes mellitus with a singleton pregnancy. METHODS: Computerised cardiotocograph recordings were made weekly from 28 to 39 weeks. Derived parameters were compared with the published figures for uncomplicated singleton pregnancies. Details of maternal blood sugar, labour and delivery and neonatal outcome were recorded. Data were compared between groups according to the computerised analysis of the antenatal CTGs. RESULTS: One-hundred and thirty-one recordings were made with a median of five per patient (range 1-12). 1 1.3% showed absent episodes of high variation compared with the expected value of 0.8%, a difference of 9.5% (95% CI 4.5-15.3). Differences in short term variation, basal heart rate, frequency of fetal movements and heart rate accelerations were also found which changed with gestation. Overall these changes represented a more immature form of fetal heart rate than that which would be expected. No relationship between the changes and adverse fetal outcome could be identified. CONCLUSIONS: Significant differences exist in cardiotocographs in maternal type I diabetes compared with normal fetuses. The changes may represent a delay in fetal maturation. The analysis mode of the computer will register these as abnormal features, but there is no evidence that they are pathological. We would recommend that computerised analysis is not used to assess pregnancies complicated by maternal type I diabetes mellitus.
Favourable effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension diet on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles in gestational diabetes: a randomised clinical trial.; Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity, there is no consensus as to the optimal approach of nutritional management in these patients. The present study was designed to assess the effect of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles of pregnant women with GDM. The present randomised controlled clinical trial was performed among thirty-four women diagnosed with GDM at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Subjects were randomly assigned to consume either the control diet (n 17) or the DASH eating pattern (n 17) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The macronutrient composition of the DASH diet was similar to the control diet; however, the DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg Na/d. Fasting blood samples were taken at baseline and after 4 weeks of intervention to measure fasting plasma glucose, glycated Hb (HbA1c) and lipid profiles. Participants underwent a 3 h oral glucose tolerance tests and blood samples were collected at 60, 120 and 180 min to measure plasma glucose levels. Adherence to the DASH eating pattern, compared with the control diet, resulted in improved glucose tolerance such that plasma glucose levels reduced at 60 (21·86 v. 20·45 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·02), 120 (22·3 v. 0·2 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·001) and 180 min (21·7 v. 0·22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·002) after the glucose load. Decreased HbA1c levels (20·2 v. 0·05 %, Pgroup = 0·001) was also seen in the DASH group compared with the control group. Mean changes for serum total (20·42 v. 0·31 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·01) and LDL-cholesterol (20·47 v. 0·22 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·005), TAG (20·17 v. 0·34 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·01) and total:HDL-cholesterol ratio (20·6 (SD 0·9) v. 0·3 (SD 0·8), Pgroup = 0·008) were significantly different between the two diets. Additionally, consumption of the DASH diet favourably influenced systolic blood pressure (22·6 v. 1·7 mmHg, Pgroup = 0·001). Mean changes of fasting plasma glucose (20·29 v. 0·15 mmol/l, Pgroup = 0·09) were nonsignificant comparing the DASH diet with the control diet. In conclusion, consumption of the DASH eating pattern for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in beneficial effects on glucose tolerance and lipid profiles compared with the control diet.
Assessment of adherence to aspirin for preeclampsia prophylaxis and reasons for nonadherence.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a hypertensive disease unique to pregnancy and has a significant impact on maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Daily aspirin has been demonstrated to reduce the risk of preeclampsia. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends daily low-dose aspirin, ideally before 16 weeks' gestation, in at-risk patients for preeclampsia risk reduction. This study examined whether patients at-risk for preeclampsia by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria recalled aspirin recommendation and factors associated with treatment adherence. OBJECTIVE: This study examined whether patients at-risk for preeclampsia by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria recalled aspirin recommendation and factors associated with treatment adherence. STUDY DESIGN: This study used an anonymous written survey. Pregnant patients were asked to record self-reported risk factors and to recall recommendation to take aspirin for preeclampsia prophylaxis. Participants were then determined to be high-, moderate-, or low-risk on the basis of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines. Self-reported adherence to recommendations and factors contributing to the patients' decisions to take or decline aspirin were assessed. Secondary outcomes included demographic characteristics of adherent patients and patients who did not recall aspirin recommendation. RESULTS: A total of 544 surveys were distributed and 500 were returned (91.9% response rate). Of the 104 high-risk pregnancies identified, aspirin was recommended in 60 (57.7%; 95% confidence interval, 0.48-0.67). Of the 269 patients with 2 or more moderate-risk factors, aspirin was recommended for 13 (4.8%; 95% confidence interval, 0.03-0.08). Among the participants who recalled aspirin recommendation, adherence was similar between high-risk (81.7%) and moderate-risk (76.9%) groups (P=.69). Patients with chronic hypertension, a history of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension in a previous pregnancy, and pregestational diabetes mellitus were most likely to report receiving aspirin recommendation (78.8%, 76.5%, 63.8%, and 53.3%, respectively). No high-risk factor was associated with a decreased likelihood of adherence. Nonadherent patients rarely discussed their decision with their medical provider (5.9%). In the 42.3% of high-risk participants who did not recall aspirin recommendation, autoimmune disease, multiple gestation, and kidney disease were the most prevalent risk factors (42.9%, 35.7%, and 25.0%, respectively). CONCLUSION: In the population studied, many at-risk patients, as defined by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria, did not recall recommendations to take aspirin for preeclampsia prophylaxis. This raises concerns for absent or ineffective counseling. Of the patients who recalled aspirin recommendation, most reported adherence, and a history of hypertensive disorders or preeclampsia, autoimmune disease, and pregestational diabetes mellitus were most often associated with adherence. There was no single factor most strongly associated with intentional nonadherence.
Congenital anomalies in newborns of women with type 1 diabetes: nationwide population-based study in Norway, 1999-2004.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the risk of congenital anomalies in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes in Norway during recent years. DESIGN: Nationwide population-based study using the Medical Birth Registry of Norway and the Norwegian type 1 Diabetes Registry. SETTING: All birth clinics in Norway. PARTICIPANTS: All births in Norway during 1999-2004 (N = 350,961), of which 1,583 were births by a mother registered with pregestational type 1 diabetes. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Congenital anomalies, excluding minor anomalies according to the EUROCAT system. RESULTS: Anomalies were registered in 5.7% of offspring of women with type 1 diabetes, and in 2.9% among the background population (odds ratio 2.1, 95% CI: 1.7-2.6). Cardiovascular anomalies were registered in 3.2% in the diabetes group and 0.94% in the background population (odds ratio 3.5, 95% CI: 2.7-4.7). Results were similar when restricted to women identified with type 1 diabetes through the Diabetes Registry. CONCLUSIONS: Women in Norway with type 1 diabetes experience a significantly higher risk of congenital anomalies in their babies compared with the background population.
Macrovascular complications in pregnancy and diabetes.; This review discusses macrovascular conditions which may occur during pregnancy complicated by diabetes. It describes the effect of dyslipidaemia and hypertension on foeto-maternal outcomes and explores the pathogenesis of these states.
[Gender differences in stroke risk factors].; Currently, there are a lot of studies on gender-related risk factors for stroke. However, contradictory data and the lack of a common view on the problem of gender-based approach to stroke prevention determine the importance of this problem. The most significant sex-non-specific stroke risk factors are hypertension, cardiac conditions, including atrial fibrillation, smoking, glucose and lipid metabolism disorders, excessive alcohol consumption, overweight, low physical activity and sedentary lifestyle, emotional stress. However, the incidence and significance of each stroke risk factor in women are different compared with men, due to women's reproductive status. Hypertension, atrial fibrillation, diabetes mellitus, abdominal obesity, migraine with aura, emotional stress and depression are more common risk factors in women compared to men. The stroke risk factors unique to women are the timing of age at menarche, pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, hormonal status disturbances, the use of combined oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy.
Prior gestational hyperglycemia: a long-term predictor of the metabolic syndrome.; Little is known about the association between prior gestational hyperglycemia of different severity and the subsequent risk for the metabolic syndrome. Eighty-one women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 25 with one abnormal value at the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and 65 with normal OGTT were studied after a mean of 8.5 yr from the index pregnancy. Patients with prior gestational hyperglycemia (both one abnormal value at the OGTT and GDM) showed a worse metabolic pattern than subjects with gestational normoglycemia [respectively higher values of body mass index (BMI), waist, blood pressure, serum glucose, insulin, C-peptide, homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), fibrinogen and lower levels of HDL-cholesterol]. Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and its components was 2-4-fold higher in women with prior gestational hyperglycemia (and 10-fold higher if pre-pregnancy obesity coexisted) when compared to normoglycemic controls; in a Cox proportional hazard model, after adjustments for age and pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational hyperglycemia and pre-pregnancy BMI predicted subsequent metabolic syndrome [respectively: hazard ratio (HR)=4.26 and HR=1.21] and most of its components. In the same model, the highest quartile of fasting serum glucose at the OGTT of the index pregnancy was significantly associated to the metabolic syndrome and its components. Gestational hyperglycemia and fasting glucose values were also associated to subsequent fibrinogen values, but not to albumin excretion rates. In young adult women, prior gestational hyperglycemia (particularly abnormal fasting glucose values), above all in combination with pre-pregnancy obesity, anticipates a subsequent syndrome at high cardiovascular risk and, possibly, a mild chronic inflammatory response.
Exercise during pregnancy in normal-weight women and risk of preterm birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials.; BACKGROUND: Preterm birth is the major cause of perinatal mortality in the United States. In the past, pregnant women have been recommended to not exercise because of presumed risks of preterm birth. Physical activity has been theoretically related to preterm birth because it increases the release of catecholamines, especially norepinephrine, which might stimulate myometrial activity. Conversely, exercise may reduce the risk of preterm birth by other mechanisms such as decreased oxidative stress or improved placenta vascularization. Therefore, the safety of exercise regarding preterm birth and its effects on gestational age at delivery remain controversial. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the effects of exercise during pregnancy on the risk of preterm birth. DATA SOURCES: MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Sciences, Scopus, ClinicalTrial.gov, OVID, and Cochrane Library were searched from the inception of each database to April 2016. STUDY DESIGN: Selection criteria included only randomized clinical trials of pregnant women randomized before 23 weeks to an aerobic exercise regimen or not. Types of participants included women of normal weight with uncomplicated, singleton pregnancies without any obstetric contraindication to physical activity. The summary measures were reported as relative risk or as mean difference with 95% confidence intervals. The primary outcome was the incidence of preterm birth <37 weeks. TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS: Of the 2059 women included in the meta-analysis, 1022 (49.6%) were randomized to the exercise group and 1037 (50.4%) to the control group. Aerobic exercise lasted about 35-90 minutes 3-4 times per week. Women who were randomized to aerobic exercise had a similar incidence of preterm birth of <37 weeks (4.5% vs 4.4%; relative risk, 1.01, 95% confidence interval, 0.68-1.50) and a similar mean gestational age at delivery (mean difference, 0.05 week, 95% confidence interval, -0.07 to 0.17) compared with controls. Women in the exercise group had a significantly higher incidence of vaginal delivery (73.6% vs 67.5%; relative risk, 1.09, 95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.15) and a significantly lower incidence of cesarean delivery (17.9% vs 22%; relative risk, 0.82, 95% confidence interval, 0.69-0.97) compared with controls. The incidence of operative vaginal delivery (12.9% vs 16.5%; relative risk, 0.78, 95% confidence interval, 0.61-1.01) was similar in both groups. Women in the exercise group had a significantly lower incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (2.9% vs 5.6%; relative risk, 0.51, 95% confidence interval, 0.31-0.82) and a significantly lower incidence of hypertensive disorders (1.0% vs 5.6%; relative risk, 0.21, 95% confidence interval, 0.09-0.45) compared with controls. No differences in low birthweight (5.2% vs 4.7%; relative risk, 1.11, 95% confidence interval, 0.72-1.73) and mean birthweight (mean difference, -10.46 g, 95% confidence interval, -47.10 to 26.21) between the exercise group and controls were found. CONCLUSION: Aerobic exercise for 35-90 minutes 3-4 times per week during pregnancy can be safely performed by normal-weight women with singleton, uncomplicated gestations because this is not associated with an increased risk of preterm birth or with a reduction in mean gestational age at delivery. Exercise was associated with a significantly higher incidence of vaginal delivery and a significantly lower incidence of cesarean delivery, with a significantly lower incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders and therefore should be encouraged.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes on Postpartum Depression-like Behavior in Rats and Its Mechanism.; Recent studies have reported a strong association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and postpartum depression (PPD), but little is known about the underlying physiological mechanism. In this study, a GDM rat model was used to evaluate the direct effect of GDM on PPD and to explore the mechanism. After parturition, the GDM dams were divided into two groups: blood glucose not recovered group (GH group) and blood glucose recovered group (GL group). Fasting plasma glucose (FPG), cortisol (COR) and serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) metabolism were continuously monitored during the lactation period, until postnatal day 21. PPD was evaluated by behavioral tests. At the endpoint, the expression of the key enzymes of Trp metabolic pathway in colon and brain tissues was analyzed by immunohistochemistry and western blot. The microbe composition of colonic contents was determined by 16S rDNA gene sequencing. The results showed that GDM induced postpartum depression-like behavior in rats. The HPA axis hormone did not show the typical stress state of depression, but the level of 5-HT decreased significantly in serum, prefrontal cortex and hippocampus, and the Kyn/Trp ratio increased significantly in serum and prefrontal cortex, implying the switch of the tryptophan (Trp) metabolism from the 5-HT pathway to the kynurenine (Kyn) pathway. The expression of Indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO), a key rate-limiting enzyme in Kyn metabolism, was up-regulated in the colon and brain, which was an important reason for this switch. This switch was accelerated by a decrease in the expression of tryptophan hydroxylase (TPH), a key enzyme of the 5-HT production pathway, in the colon. GDM dams displayed significant changes in gut microbiome profiles, which were correlated with depression. The ratio of Firmicutes to Bacteroidetes decreased. Lactobacillus and Bacteroides were negatively correlated with 5-HT level and positively correlated with Kyn level, whereas Clostridium XlVa and Ruminococcus were positively correlated with 5-HT level. These results suggest that GDM disrupts both the Trp pathway and the composition of the gut microbiota, which provide a putative physiological basis for PPD.
Echocardiographic profile of infants of diabetic mothers.; Echocardiographic M-mode examinations were performed in 30 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). Twelve of them had severe symptoms with hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress syndrome, septicemia and hypoglycemia in the neonatal period. The gestational age ranged from the 34th week to the 40th week, the birth weight ranging between 2280 g and 5820 g (mean 3455 g). Fifteen patients were restudied at different ages. In group A (age 1-14 days) out of 23, in group B (age 14 days-6 months) 5 from 13 IDM and in group C (older than 6 months, (n=10) no IDM had an increased ratio of intraventricular septal thickness (IVS) to left ventricular posterior wall thickness (LVPW). One patient showed a systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve (SAM) without having other symptoms for a left ventricular outflow tract obstruction. All measured dimensions normalized within 6 months. It is concluded that a form of prematurity may be responsible for the transient, asymmetrical, septal hypertrophy.
Maternal and fetal outcomes if gestational impaired glucose tolerance is not treated.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether there is increased maternal or neonatal morbidity in connection with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) during pregnancy when the condition is not treated. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: During the study period of 1997-2001, in a defined geographical area in Sweden, the diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were limited to the criteria for diabetes. Prospectively, 213 women who were identified with IGT during pregnancy were undiagnosed and untreated. Data on maternal and fetal outcome was collected from records. For each case subject, four control subjects were taken from the same delivery department. RESULTS: The proportion of women who underwent cesarean section was significantly higher in the case subjects than in the control subjects and was independently associated with IGT. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) was 1.9 (95% CI 1.2-2.9). The proportion of infants who were large for gestational age (LGA), defined as birth weight >2 SDs greater than the mean for gestation and sex, was independently significantly associated with untreated IGT during pregnancy (OR 7.3, 95% CI 4.1-12.7). Admission to a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) for 2 days or longer was more common (adjusted OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1-3.8). However, 71.3% of the children in the IGT group and 87.3% of the control subjects had no neonatal complications. CONCLUSIONS: There is increased independent association between cesarean section rate, prematurity, LGA, and macrosomic infants born to mothers with untreated IGT. Most of the children were healthy, but there is still increased morbidity. Therefore, to evaluate the effects of treatment, there is a need for a randomized study.
Vascular endothelial cadherin and beta-catenin in human fetoplacental vessels of pregnancies complicated by Type 1 diabetes: associations with angiogenesis and perturbed barrier function.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Increased angiogenesis of fetoplacental vessels is a feature of pregnancies complicated by Type 1 diabetes mellitus, but the underlying molecular mechanisms are unknown. This investigation tests whether the diabetic maternal environment alters the phenotypic expression of placental vascular endothelial cadherin and beta-catenin, which have been implicated as key molecules in barrier formation and angiogenesis in the endothelium. METHODS: Term placental microvessels from normal pregnancies (n=8) and from those complicated by Type 1 diabetes (n=8) were perfused with 76-Mr dextran tracers (1 mg/ml) and subjected to immunocytochemistry, immunoblotting and microscopy. Junctional integrity, localisation and phosphorylation were investigated along with total protein levels of vascular endothelial cadherin, beta-catenin and vascular endothelial growth factor. Stereological sampling and estimation tools were used to quantify aspects of angiogenesis and endothelial proliferation. RESULTS: In the Type 1 diabetic placentae, junctional localisations of vascular endothelial cadherin and beta-catenin altered significantly, with more than 50% of microvessels showing complete loss of immunoreactivity and with no overall loss of total protein. Tracer leakage was associated with these vessels. There was a two- to three-fold increase in vessels showing junctional phospho-tyrosine immunoreactivity and hyperphosphorylated beta-catenin. Vascular endothelial growth factor levels were higher in these placentae. A four-fold increase in endothelial proliferation was observed, along with an increase in total length of capillaries without any change in luminal diameter. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Molecular perturbations of vascular endothelial cadherin and beta-catenin occur in fetoplacental vessels of pregnancies complicated by Type 1 diabetes. Phosphorylation and loss of these molecules from the adherens junctional domains may be influenced in part by the elevated levels of vascular endothelial growth factor in the placenta. Perturbations of the junctional proteins may explain the observed breach in barrier integrity and may contribute to the mechanisms that drive proliferation and increases in capillary length.
Associations of Abnormal Maternal Glucose Regulation in Pregnancy with Offspring Adiposity, Insulin Resistance, and Adipokine Markers During Childhood and Adolescence.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations of abnormal maternal glucose regulation in pregnancy with offspring adiposity, insulin resistance, adipokine, and inflammatory markers during childhood and adolescence. STUDY DESIGN: Project Viva is a prospective prebirth cohort (n = 2128 live births) initiated from 1999 through 2002 in Eastern Massachusetts, US. During the second trimester of pregnancy, clinicians used 2-step oral glucose challenge testing to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus. In the offspring, we measured anthropometry, insulin resistance, adipokines, lipids, and inflammatory markers in mid-childhood (n = 1107), early adolescence (n = 1027), and mid-adolescence (n = 693). We used multivariable linear regression models and generalized estimating equations adjusted for child age and sex, and for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, parity, and smoking during pregnancy; we further adjusted for prepregnancy body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: In mid-adolescence (17.1 [0.8] years of age), offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 27) had a higher BMI z-score (β; 95% Cl; 0.41 SD; 0.00, 0.82), sum of skinfolds (8.15 mm; 2.48, 13.82), homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (0.81 units; 0.13, 1.50), leptin z-score (0.40 SD; 0.01, 0.78), and leptin/adiponectin ratio z-score (0.51 SD; CI 0.09, 0.93) compared with offspring of mothers with normoglycemia (multivariable-adjusted models). The associations with BMI, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance, and adiponectin seemed stronger in mid-adolescence compared with earlier time points. The associations were attenuated toward the null after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI. CONCLUSION: Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with higher adiposity, insulin resistance, and altered adipokines in mid-adolescence. Our findings suggest that the peripubertal period could be a key time for the emergence of prenatally programmed metabolic abnormalities.
The Influence of Lipid and Proinflammatory Status on Maternal Uterine Blood Flow in Women With Late Onset Gestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased proinflammatory cytokines and is also associated with adverse cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes later in life. We aim to evaluate the relationships between uterine arteries vascularization and endothelial dysfunction markers, proinflammatory cytokines, and glycemic and lipid profile in women with GDM. METHODS: Fifty pregnant women were recruited at the third trimester of pregnancy for a prospective cohort study. They were classified into 2 groups: control and GDM. Comparisons of maternal plasma concentrations of endothelial dysfunction markers (vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1), proinflammatory cytokines and mediators (interleukin 6 [IL-6], tumor necrosis factor α, vascular endothelial growth factor, placental growth factor, leptin, leukocyte count, and C-reactive protein), lipid profile, glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin levels were performed. Mean uterine arteries Doppler pulsatility index (PI) was calculated and the relationships between the variables and PI were also analyzed. RESULTS: Women with GDM showed higher proinflammatory cytokines, however, endothelial dysfunction markers were similar in both groups. In the diabetic group, significant correlations were found between the mean uterine arteries PI and maternal IL-6 ( r = .56, P = .01), triglycerides ( r = .49; P = .03), total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio ( r = .61; P = .006), glucose (r = .62, P = .005), and glycosylated hemoglobin ( r = .48; P = .03). A negative significant correlation between mean uterine arteries PI and HDLc ( r = -.58; P = .02) was also found. CONCLUSION: The proinflammatory status, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic control correlate with uterine blood flow velocity waveforms in women with gestational diabetes.
Effect of pregnancy on microvascular complications in the diabetes control and complications trial. The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial Research Group.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of pregnancy on the development and progression of retinopathy and microalbuminuria in type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted longitudinal analyses of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT), a multicenter controlled clinical trial that compared intensive treatment with conventional diabetes therapy and studied 180 women who had 270 pregnancies and 500 women who did not become pregnant during an average of 6.5 years of follow-up. Women assigned to the conventional treatment group were changed to intensive therapy if they were planning pregnancy or as soon as possible after conception. Fundus photography was performed every 6 months, and the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) was measured annually. RESULTS: Compared with nonpregnant women, pregnant women had a 1.63-fold greater risk of any worsening of retinopathy from before to during pregnancy (P < 0.05) in the intensive treatment group; the risk was 2.48-fold greater for pregnant vs. not pregnant women in the conventional group (P < 0.001). In the conventional group, the odds of > or =3-step progression from the baseline retinopathy level was >2.9-fold among pregnant vs. not pregnant women (P = 0.003). The odds ratio (OR) peaked during the second trimester (OR = 4.26, P = 0.001) and persisted as long as 12 months postpregnancy (OR = 2.87, P = 0.005). The level of AER during pregnancy in the intensive group, but not in the conventional group, was significantly elevated from the level at baseline, albeit in the normal range. Although individual patients had transient worsening of retinopathy during pregnancy, even to the proliferative level, at the end of the DCCT, mean levels of retinopathy and albuminuria in subjects who had become pregnant were similar to those in subjects who had not become pregnant within each treatment group. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in type 1 diabetes induces a transient increase in the risk of retinopathy; increased ophthalmologic surveillance is needed during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. The long-term risk of progression of early retinopathy and albumin excretion, however, does not appear to be increased by pregnancy.
Characterizing the Effects of Diabetes and Obesity on Insulin and Leptin Levels amongst Pregnant Women.; OBJECTIVE: In this study, we assess the impact of obesity and diabetes on maternal brain and periphery, as well as fetal exposure to insulin and leptin, and two hormones that play an important role in regulating energy homeostasis. STUDY DESIGN: Fasting maternal plasma, fetal cord vein and artery plasma, and maternal cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were collected in 37 women (12 lean, nondiabetic [prepregnancy body mass index (BMI): 22.9 ± 1.7 kg/m(2)]; 12 overweight/obese nondiabetic [BMI: 37.8 ± 7.3 kg/m(2)]; 13 gestational/type 2 diabetes mellitus [BMI: 29.8 ± 7.3 kg/m(2)]) with uncomplicated singleton pregnancies undergoing elective Cesarean delivery. HbA1C, insulin, glucose, and leptin levels were measured. RESULTS: Compared with lean mothers, mothers with obesity and diabetes mellitus (DM) had significantly lower CSF-to-plasma ratios of insulin. Moreover, mothers with obesity and DM had significantly lower cord arterial and cord venous to maternal plasma ratios of insulin, but not leptin, compared with lean mothers. There were no differences in CSF and cord blood insulin and leptin levels between obese and DM mothers. CONCLUSION: Compared with lean individuals, mothers with obesity and DM have relative deficiencies in insulin exposure. The patterns observed in mothers with obesity and diabetes were similar highlighting the importance of the maternal metabolic environment in obesity and suggesting obese patients warrant further clinical focus.
VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk for vascular disorders.; Aim: Levels of VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects are an indication of endothelial dysfunction predicting the future metabolic consequence via metabolic memory effect. Materials & methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 92 pregnant women and serum endothelial cell adhesion molecules were measured using Randox biochip analyzer. Results: Significantly elevated serum level of VCAM-1 was found in GDM subjects and in greater than equal to one parity categorized GDM group when compared with control. The correlation of parity and P-selectin was statistically significant in GDM subjects. Conclusion: Elevated levels of endothelial cell adhesion molecules in GDM women indicate an imbalance in vascular function. Transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy may induce persistent modifications to the memory cells and GDM subjects are more prone to develop future consequences.
[Risk factors of 125 cases of neonatal congenital hypothyroidism during perinatal period].; OBJECTIVE: To understand the relationship between perinatal factors and congenital hypothyroidism (CH) and provide scientific evidence for the prevention of CH. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted among 125 neonates with CH (case group) and 375 neonates without CH (control group) in Fujian Neonatal Screening Center from January in 2012 to December in 2013. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis were performed to identify the risk factors to CH during perinatal period. RESULTS: Univariate logistic regression analysis indicated that compared with control group, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational thyroid disease and older age of mother were the risk factors to CH, the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05) and the risk of CH was higher in female babies, preterm babies, post-term babies low birth weight babies, macrosomia, twins, babies with birth defects and infection in cases group than those in control group, the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). Multivariate logistic analysis showed that older age of mother (OR = 2.518, 95% CI: 1.186-5.347), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.904, 95% CI: 1.190-3.045), gestational hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism (OR = 12.883 and 30.797, 95% CI: 2.055-80.751 and 3.309-286.594), preterm birth (OR = 4.238, 95% CI: 1.269-14.155), and post-term birth (OR = 12.799, 95% CI: 1.257-130.327), low birth weight (OR = 3.505, 95% CI: 1.059-11.601), macrosomia (OR = 3.733, 95% CI: 1.415-9.851), twin or multiparous delivery (OR = 5.493, 95% CI: 1.701-17.735), birth defects (OR = 3.665, 95% CI: 1.604-8.371) and fetal distress (OR = 3.130, 95% CI: 1.317-7.440) were the high risk factors to CH (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: CH was correlated with mother's age, gestational diabetes, gestational thyroid disease as well as neonate's birth weight and gestational age, foetus number, fetal distress and other complicated birth defects at certain degree. More attention should be paid to perinatal care to reduce risk factors and the incidence of CH.
[International recommandations on physical exercise for pregnant women].; Benefits of physical exercise on the physical and psychological health lead to specifics guidelines during pregnancy. For pregnant women, to take part in aerobics exercise (walking, biking) (i.e. 30 minutes, three times per week at 60-90% of the maximal heart rate) and strength training (i.e. one to two times per week) is recommended. Physical exercise programs during pregnancy have shown benefits for preventing and treating complications pregnancy (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, overweight). Benefits of exercise and risks associated with sedentary should be widely diffused among pregnant women and prenatal caregivers.
Congenital Malformation Risk According to Hemoglobin A1c Values in a Contemporary Cohort with Pregestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to evaluate the association between hemoglobin A1c values and likelihood of fetal anomalies in women with pregestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Women with pregestational diabetes who delivered at a single institution that serves a nonreferred population from May 1, 2009 to December 31, 2018 were ascertained. Hemoglobin A1c values were obtained at the first prenatal visit. Women who delivered a singleton live- or stillborn infant with a major malformation as defined by European Surveillance of Congenital Anomalies criteria were identified. In infants with multiple system anomalies, each malformation was considered separately. Hemoglobin A1c values were analyzed categorically by using Mantel-Haenszel method and continuously with linear regression for trend for fetal anomalies. RESULTS: A total of 1,676 deliveries to women with pregestational diabetes were delivered at our institution, and hemoglobin A1c was assessed in 1,573 deliveries (94%). There were 129 deliveries of an infant with at least one major malformation, an overall anomaly rate of approximately 8%. Mean hemoglobin A1c concentration was significantly higher in pregnancies with anomalous infants, 9.3 ± 2.1% versus 8.0 ± 2.1%, and p <0.001. There was no difference in gestational age at the time hemoglobin A1c was obtained, 13 ± 8.3 versus 14 ± 8.7 weeks. Hemoglobin A1c was associated with increased probability of a congenital malformation. This reached 10% with a hemoglobin A1c concentration of 10%, and 20% with a hemoglobin A1c of 13%. Similar trends were seen when examining risk of anomalies by organ system with increasing hemoglobin A1c levels, with the greatest increase in probability for both cardiac and genitourinary anomalies. CONCLUSION: In women with pregestational diabetes, hemoglobin A1c is strongly associated with fetal anomaly risk. Data from a contemporary cohort may facilitate counseling and also highlight the need for preconceptual care and glycemic optimization prior to entry to obstetric care. KEY POINTS: · Infants of diabetic mothers had an 8% major anomaly rate.. · HbA1c of 10% in pregnancy associated with 10% anomaly rate.. · HbA1c of 13% in pregnancy associated with 20% anomaly rate.. · Preconceptual care is important to reduce prevalence..
Uterine arcuate artery Doppler and decidual microvascular pathology in pregnancies complicated by type I diabetes mellitus.; The objective was to correlate Doppler indices from the uterine arcuate arteries with an analysis of the decidual vascular histology in patients with type I diabetes. Pulsed wave Doppler was used to sample the uterine arcuate artery system beneath the placenta within 8 days of delivery in 47 patients with type I diabetes mellitus. A placental pathologist, without knowledge of either clinical outcome or Doppler information, classified the histological appearance of the decidual arteries as normal, type A (hyalinization, mural thickening), or type B (fibrinoid necrosis, atherosis, thrombosis). Patients were then grouped according to the histology of the decidual arteries. An analysis of variance (ANOVA) of the systolic/diastolic (S/D) ratios (log. S/D) showed significant variation (p < 0.025). A multiple range comparison test showed that patients with normal or only mildly abnormal (type A) vessels had similar values, whereas those with severe vasculopathy (type B) had significantly higher S/D ratios (p < 0.05). The study confirmed a relationship between arcuate artery Doppler indices and downstream decidual vascular pathology.
Obstetric complications in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder in women of childbearing age. The risk of pregnancy and neonatal complications in women with PCOS is debatable. In order to determine the risk of pregnancy and neonatal complications, evidence regarding these risks was examined. METHODS: Literature searches were performed in the electronic databases MEDLINE, EMBASE, and CENTRAL based on the established strategy and eligible tries were included according to inclusion and exclusion criteria. A systematic literature review looking at rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia, premature delivery, neonatal birth weight, caesarean section and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) was conducted in women with PCOS. Pregnancy outcomes between women with PCOS versus controls were included. Sensitivity analyses were performed to determine the reliability of the available evidence and to validate the results. The study was performed with the approval of the ethics committee of the First Affiliated Hospital of Guangxi Medical University. RESULTS: A total of 27studies, involving 4982 women with PCOS and 119692 controls were eligible for the meta-analysis. Women with PCOS demonstrated a significantly higher risk of developing GDM (OR3.43; 95% CI: 2.49-4.74), PIH (OR3.43; 95% CI: 2.49-4.74), preeclampsia (OR2.17; 95% CI: 1.91-2.46), preterm birth (OR1.93; 95%CI: 1.45-2.57), caesarean section (OR 1.74; 95% CI: 1.38-2.11) compared to controls. Their babies had a marginally significant lower birth weight (WMD -0.11g; 95%CI: -0.19 - -0.03), and higher risk of admission to NICU (OR 2.32; 95% CI: 1.40-3.85) compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PCOS have increased risk of adverse pregnancy and neonatal complications. It is necessary to establish guidelines for supervision during pregnancy and parturition to prevent these complications.
Transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass: the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) 6-year follow-up.; AIM: To investigate the influence of maternal adiposity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass in early childhood. METHODS: The observational follow-up study included 201 mother-child pairs, a sub-cohort from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study, who were recruited 6.1 ± 0.5 (mean ± SD) years postpartum, aiming for an equal number of mothers with and without gestational diabetes. RESULTS: Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (mean ± SD; 30.5 ± 5.6 kg/m(2) ) was associated with child body fat percentage [0.26 (95% CI; 0.08, 0.44)% increase in child body fat per 1 kg/m(2) increase in pre-pregnancy BMI of mothers with obesity] and was reflected in child BMI Z-score (mean ± SD; 0.45 ± 0.93). Left ventricle mass, left ventricle mass index and left ventricle mass Z-score were not associated with gestational diabetes, pre-pregnancy BMI or child body fat percentage. After adjusting for child sex, body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, pre-pregnancy BMI and maternal lean body mass, left ventricle mass increased by 3.08 (95% CI; 2.25, 3.91) g for each 1 kg in child lean body mass. CONCLUSIONS: Left ventricle mass at 6 years of age is determined predominantly by lean body mass. Maternal pre-gestational adiposity is reflected in child, but no direct association between left ventricle mass and child adiposity or evidence of left ventricle mass foetal programming related to gestational diabetes and maternal adiposity was observed in early childhood.
Gestational diabetes: current aspects on pathogenesis and treatment.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a carbohydrate intolerance resulting in hyperglycaemia of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is between 0.15-15%, which corresponds to the prevalence of type 2 diabetes and IGT in a given country.--The predominant pathogenic factor in GDM could be the inadequate insulin secretion. If GDM is not properly treated the risk of adverse maternal (preeclampsia) and fetal (large-for-gestational-age infant, macrosomia, birth trauma, cesarean section, still-birth) outcome increases. Hypertension is more prevalent in GDM, and GDM is diagnosed more frequently in women with chronic hypertension.--In order to screen for disturbances of carbohydrate metabolism during pregnancy a simple method suitable for all pregnant women would be desirable, however no such method is available at present. According to the latest WHO recommendation the screening for GDM should be performed universally with the standard 75 g oGTT evaluating only the 2-hour blood glucose values or together with the fasting ones. The latter could provide even an exact diagnosis of the carbohydrate metabolic state.--To manage GDM the first step prompt after diagnosis is to educate adequate dietary needs. If the blood sugar values in spite of an adequate diet exceed the desirable target values, insulin treatment has to be initiated.--GDM is a predictor of diabetes (mainly type 2) later in life. The cumulative incidence of type 2 diabetes is about 50% at 5 years. This review of the current literature including our own experience strongly supposes that prior GDM is also a predictor or even an early manifestation of the metabolic (insulin resistance) syndrome. By all means GDM is a cardiovascular risk factor that could be screened to prevent late complications. The previously presented evidence also strongly suggests that yearly check-ups for women with previous GDM are inevitably important.
Other causes of fetal death.; Although perinatal mortality rates have fallen considerably in the past several decades, the fetal component of this statistic has not decreased as rapidly as the neonatal portion. Syphilis, a significant cause of fetal death at the beginning of this century, has been eliminated and other conditions such as erythroblastosis fetalis and diabetes mellitus have been markedly reduced. It is clear, however, that minimum fetal mortality has not been achieved. Potentially salvagable fetuses still die from the effects of maternal hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, and post-maturity. Widespread application of current knowledge and techniques would save some of these fetuses; others will only be saved with an increased understanding of pathological processes and their treatment. In the meantime, it is imperative that those involved in obstetrical care follow the sound principles of accurate determination of gestation age, identification of patients at risk for fetal death, meticulous care of associated medical conditions, and careful attention to the progress of pregnancy.
Clinical characteristics of women with gestational diabetes - comparison of two cohorts enrolled 20 years apart in southern Brazil.; CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: The prevalence and characteristics of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have changed over time, reflecting the nutritional transition and changes in diagnostic criteria. We aimed to evaluate characteristics of women with GDM over a 20-year interval. DESIGN AND SETTING: Comparison of two pregnancy cohorts enrolled in different periods, in university hospitals in Porto Alegre, Brazil: 1991 to 1993 (n = 216); and 2009 to 2013 (n = 375). METHODS: We applied two diagnostic criteria to the cohorts: International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG)/World Health Organization (WHO); and National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). We compared maternal-fetal characteristics and outcomes between the cohorts and within each cohort. RESULTS: The women in the 2010s cohort were older (31 ± 7 versus 30 ± 6 years), more frequently obese (29.4% versus 15.2%), with more hypertensive disorders (14.1% versus 5.6%) and at increased risk of cesarean section (adjusted relative risk 1.8; 95% confidence interval: 1.4 - 2.3), compared with those in the 1990s cohort. Neonatal outcomes such as birth weight category and hypoglycemia were similar. In the 1990s cohort, women only fulfilling IADPSG/WHO or only fulfilling NICE criteria had similar characteristics and outcomes; in the 2010s cohort, women only diagnosed through IADPSG/WHO were more frequently obese than those diagnosed only through NICE (33 ± 8 kg/m2 versus 28 ± 6 kg/m2; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: The epidemic of obesity seems to have modified the profile of women with GDM. Despite similar neonatal outcomes, there were differences in the intensity of treatment over time. The IADPSG/WHO criteria seemed to identify a profile more associated with obesity.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate fetal ventricular diastolic function in pregnancies of women with gestational diabetes (GD), to determine whether minimal anomalies of glucose metabolism may influence fetal cardiac function. STUDY DESIGN: Fetal ventricular filling time was measured by transabdominal ultrasound in singleton pregnancies between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation. We used a measurement which consists in the ratio between the diastolic time and the whole cardiac cycle time. RESULTS: The study included 35 women with a GD and 217 non-diabetic. Right ventricular filling time (RVFT) was significantly lower in the GD group (mean of RVFT = 39.2 ± 4.4 vs 43.6 ± 4.6; p  <  0.01). Likewise, left ventricular filling time (LVFT) was shorter in the GD group compared to the non-GD group, though the difference was not significant (mean of LVFT = 43.6 ± 4.6 vs 44.6 ± 5.5; p = 0.33). CONCLUSIONS: Fetal right cardiac function is altered also in pregnancies where gestational diabetes is well controlled.
Association between hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and growth of offspring in early childhood: The PANDORA study.; BACKGROUND: Few studies have assessed whether children exposed to in utero hyperglycaemia experience different growth trajectories compared to unexposed children. OBJECTIVES: To assess association of type 2 diabetes (T2D) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with early childhood weight, length/height and body mass index (BMI) trajectories, and with timing and magnitude of peak BMI in infancy. METHODS: PANDORA is a birth cohort recruited from an Australian hyperglycaemia in pregnancy register, and women with normoglycaemia recruited from the community. Offspring growth measures were obtained from health records over a median follow-up of 3.0 years (interquartile range 1.9-4.0). This analysis included children born to Aboriginal mothers with in utero normoglycaemia (n = 95), GDM (n = 228) or T2D (n = 131). Growth trajectories (weight, length/height and BMI) were estimated using linear mixed models with cubic spline functions of child age. RESULTS: After adjustment for maternal factors (age, BMI, parity, smoking, and socioeconomic measures) and child factors (age, gestational age at birth, and sex), children born to mothers with T2D or GDM had lower weight, length/height and BMI trajectories in infancy than children born to mothers with normoglycaemia, but similar weight and BMI by completion of follow-up. Children exposed to T2D had lower mean peak BMI 17.6 kg/m(2) (95% confidence interval [CI] 17.3-18.0) than children exposed to normoglycaemia (18.6 kg/m(2) [18.1-18.9]) (p = 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hyperglycaemia was associated with differences in early childhood growth trajectories after adjustment for maternal BMI. Exploration of associations between in utero hyperglycaemia exposure and growth trajectories into later childhood is required.
Polycystic ovary syndrome as an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a population-based study on 9.1 million pregnancies.; STUDY QUESTION: Does polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) confer an independent risk for the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension (GHTN) and preeclampsia (PEC) based on analysis of the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database. SUMMARY ANSWER: After controlling for all potential confounding effects, women with PCOS are at a 2-fold higher risk of developing GDM, a 50% increased risk for the development of GHTN and a 30% increased risk of developing PEC than women without PCOS. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Currently, there is evidence of an increased prevalence of maternal pregnancy complications in women with PCOS. However, there remain significant gaps in understanding how PCOS affects the development of GDM, GHTN and PEC. This is most likely due to the complex, multifactorial etiology of PCOS, its range of potential confounders for pregnancy complications and the variable methodology of studies that have been conducted. To date, the largest meta-analysis on this subject includes 11 565 women with PCOS analyzed for their risk of GDM and 5896 patients analyzed for their risk of PEC. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This is a retrospective population-based study utilizing data from the HCUP-NIS over 11 years from 2004 to 2014. A dataset of all deliveries between 2004 and 2014 inclusively was created. Within this group, all deliveries to women with PCOS were identified as part of the study group (n = 14 882), and the remaining deliveries were categorized as non-PCOS births and comprised the reference group (n = 9 081 906). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: The HCUP-NIS is the largest inpatient sample database in the USA and is comprised of hospital inpatient stays submitted by hospitals throughout the entire country. Each year, the database provides information relating to 7 million inpatient stays, including patient characteristics, diagnosis and procedures. The data are representative of ∼20% of admissions to US hospitals across 48 states and the District of Columbia. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: At baseline, more pregnant women with PCOS were obese (22.3% vs. 3.5%, P < 0.001), had chronic hypertension (HTN) (8.4% vs. 1.8%, P < 0.001), had pregestational diabetes (4.1% vs. 0.9%, P < 0.001) and had treated thyroid disease (12.6% vs. 2.4%, P < 0.001). Women with PCOS were also more likely to have undergone IVF treatment (2.4% vs. 0.1%, P < 0.001), have multi-gestation pregnancies (5.9% vs. 1.5%, P < 0.001), and more multiple gestations (MGs) in the PCOS group were the result of IVF treatment than the non-PCOS groups (12.3% vs. 2.3%, P < 0.001). In all pregnancies, women with PCOS were more likely to develop gestational diabetes (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.19, 95% CI 2.02-2.37), pregnancy associated HTN (aOR 1.38, 95% CI 1.27-1.50, P < 0.001), GHTN (aOR 1.47, 95% CI 1.31-1.64), PEC (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.14-1.45) and superimposed PEC (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.04-1.59) after controlling for confounding effects (age, race, income level, insurance type, obesity, IVF use, previous cesarean section, chronic HTN, pregestational diabetes, thyroid disease, MG, smoking and recreational drug use). Odds ratios were comparable between all pregnancies and singleton pregnancies only. In women pregnant with multiple fetuses, PCOS only conferred a statistically significant increased risk of developing GDM (aOR 2.33, 95% CI 1.92-2.83, P < 0.001). However, there was a trend toward an increased risk for developing pregnancy associated HTN (aOR 1.92, 95% CI 0.99-1.42, P = 0.058). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: This is a retrospective analysis utilizing an administrative database which relies on the accuracy and consistency of the individuals coding the data. There are known limitations in how accurately hospital coding is able to capture perinatal conditions and complications, making it difficult to know with certainty that such events are accurate. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Pregnant women with PCOS are at increased risk of adverse complications in pregnancy even when they do not present with other coexisting metabolic conditions. Furthermore, it is important to also consider the risk of all other coexisting metabolic conditions frequently encountered in PCOS women, as these risks are additive and place women with PCOS at significantly increased risk for adverse complications in pregnancy. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): None.
Alterations of ATP-sensitive K(+) channels in human umbilical arterial smooth muscle during gestational diabetes mellitus.; We investigated the alterations of ATP-sensitive K(+) (K(ATP)) channels in human umbilical arterial smooth muscle cells during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The amplitude of the K(ATP) current induced by application of the K(ATP) channel opener pinacidil (10 μM) was reduced in the GDM group than in the control group. Pinacidil-induced vasorelaxation was also predominant in the normal group compared with the GDM group. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and Western blot analysis suggested that the expression of K(ATP) channel subunits such as Kir6.1, Kir6.2, and SUR2B were decreased in the GDM group relative to the normal group. The application of forskolin and adenosine, which activates protein kinase A (PKA) and thereby K(ATP) channels, elicited K(ATP) current in both the normal and GDM groups. However, the current amplitudes were not different between the normal and GDM groups. In addition, the expression levels of PKA subunits were not altered between the two groups. These results suggest that the reduction of K(ATP) current and K(ATP) channel-induced vasorelaxation are due to the decreased expression of K(ATP) channels, not to the impairment of K(ATP)-related signaling pathways.
Ductus venosus flow and myocardial hypertrophy in fetuses of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that the pulsatility index of ductus venosus (PIDV) is greater in the fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) with myocardial hypertrophy (MH) than in the FDM with no MH and in the control fetuses of nondiabetic mothers (FNDM). Comparing the results with mitral and tricuspid diastolic peak flows. METHODS: The cross-sectional study included fetuses with gestational ages ranging from 20 weeks to term, divided into the following 3 groups: 56 FDM with MH (group I), 36 FDM with no MH (group II), and 53 FNDM (group III, control). The Doppler echocardiogram assessed the PIDV through the ratio (systolic velocity - presystolic velocity)/mean velocity. The mitral and tricuspid E and A waves were also assessed. RESULTS: The mean PIDV in groups I, II, and III were 1.13 +/- 0.64, 0.84 +/- 0.38, and 0.61 +/- 0.17, respectively. Using ANOVA and the Tukey test, a statistically significant difference was found in the 3 groups (P = 0.015 between groups I and II; P < 0.001 between groups I and III; and P = 0.017 between groups II and III). The mean mitral E wave was significantly greater in group I (0.39 +/- 0.12 m/s) than in groups II (0.32 +/- 0.08 m/s) (P = 0.024) and III (0.32 +/- 0.08 m/s) (P = 0.023). The mean tricuspid E wave was also greater in group I (0.43 +/- 0.1 m/s) than in group III (0.35 +/- 0.10 m/s) (P = 0.031). CONCLUSION: The PIDV is significantly greater in FDM with MH than in FDM with no MH and in FNDM. Because the PIDV may represent modifications in ventricular compliance, this index may be a more sensitive parameter for assessing fetal diastolic function.
Anesthesia for the high-risk parturient.; High-risk pregnancies require specialized obstetric and anesthetic care. A basic understanding of how specific pathophysiology and pharmacologic therapy interact with anesthetic care is essential for both obstetrician and anesthesiologist. This paper selectively focuses on preeclampsia/eclampsia, diabetes mellitus, prematurity, multiple gestations, infectious disease, preexisting neurologic disease, and preexisting cardiac disease, reviewing anesthesia for labor and vaginal and cesarean delivery for each high-risk problem, as practiced at a Level III perinatal unit. Emphasis will be placed, when appropriate, on recent experience with monitoring and aggressive pharmacologic therapy of the critically ill parturient.
Does pregnancy accelerate the rate of progression of diabetic retinopathy?; Pregnancy may be associated with a number of ocular changes, including the development of new ocular conditions or modifications of existing conditions. The most common ocular condition modified by pregnancy is diabetic retinopathy. Pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of development and progression of diabetic retinopathy. The factors associated with its progression include the pregnant state itself, duration of diabetes, amount of retinopathy at conception, blood glucose control, and the presence of coexisting vascular disease. Although the rate of regression of diabetic retinopathy at the end of pregnancy or the postpartum period is high, careful monitoring of these patients is necessary to optimize both the vision and pregnancy outcomes.
Offspring birth weight and risk of mortality from diabetes in mothers.; BACKGROUND: Mothers with lower birth weight (LBW) offspring have been found to be associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity, which shares many risk factors with diabetes. Aims To investigate the relation between offspring birth weight and maternal risk of mortality from diabetes. METHODS: A total of 1 400 383 singletons of primigravida registered in Taiwan between 1978 and 1987 were followed to the end of 2006. The offspring birth weight was assessed with and without standardisation for the gestational age of offspring. Cox model was used to estimate the HR of maternal diabetes mortality in relation to offspring birth weights. RESULTS: Altogether, 812 (5.8%) mothers died of diabetes. Mothers with LBW (<2500 g) and macrosomia (>4000 g) offspring were both at increased risks of mortality from diabetes with HR 1.76 (95% CI 1.46 to 2.19) and 2.86 (95% CI 2.32 to 3.53), respectively. Similar results were seen while birth weight was standardised for gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: This cohort study found that mothers with LBW and macrosomia offspring had an increased mortality risk of diabetes. This relationship could be attributable to the possible pathway of intergenerational effects or maternal insulin resistance due to maladaptation to pregnancy.
Human adipose tissue expansion in pregnancy is impaired in gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: During pregnancy, adipose tissue (AT) must expand to support the growing fetus and the future nutritional needs of the offspring. Limited expandability of AT is associated with insulin resistance, attributed to ectopic lipid deposition. This study aimed to investigate human AT expandability during pregnancy and its role in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This cross-sectional study of omental (OM) and subcutaneous (SQ) AT collected at Caesarean delivery included 11 pregnant and three non-pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), five with GDM, three with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Adipocyte size, capillary density, collagen content and capillary growth were measured. Affymetrix arrays and real-time PCR studies of gene expression were performed. RESULTS: Mean OM adipocyte size was greater in women with GDM than in those with NGT (p = 0.004). Mean OM and SQ capillary density was lower in GDM compared with NGT (p = 0.015). Capillary growth did not differ significantly between groups. The most differentially expressed AT transcript when comparing non-pregnant and pregnant women corresponded to the IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-5, the expression levels of which was found by subsequent quantitative real-time PCR to be lower in women with GDM vs women with NGT (p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The relative OM adipocyte hypertrophy and decreased OM and SQ capillary density are consistent with impaired AT expandability in GDM. The induction of adipose tissue IGFBP5 in pregnancy and its decrease in GDM point to the importance of the IGF-1 signalling pathway in AT expansion in pregnancy and GDM susceptibility.
Current therapeutic concepts in diabetic hypertension.; Diabetes mellitus and hypertension are both prevalent in the adult population. The development of hypertension in the diabetic patient is likely to increase the morbidity and mortality in a subgroup already at high risk for atherosclerosis and deserves special consideration. Several studies have confirmed the beneficial effects of antihypertensive therapy on complications such as diabetic nephropathy. This emphasizes the importance of normalizing blood pressure in the diabetic population. It has been suggested that the threshold for initiating antihypertensive therapy should be lower in diabetic patients. All antihypertensive agents have potential disadvantages in patients with diabetes. The commonly encountered effects include deterioration of diabetic control, sexual dysfunction, electrolyte imbalance, and lipid disorders. The adverse effects of these agents on serum lipids have been implicated in the less-than-expected reduction in coronary heart disease noted in some studies. The recent Lipid Research Council study has emphasized the importance of elevated lipid levels and increased cardiovascular mortality. Antihypertensive therapy has advanced rapidly in the last 5 yr. The special problems in the treatment of hypertension within the diabetic population are now receiving greater attention. Undesirable biochemical side effects of drugs used to treat hypertension have become publicized, and the long-term consequences of these abnormalities are under critical scrutiny. The new antihypertensive medications offer exciting alternative approaches to the more traditional agents with less chance of significant metabolic side effects.
Vascular complications in diabetic pregnancy.; Progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) occurs at least temporarily during pregnancy and postpartum. Nephropathy is associated with increased risk of preeclampsia, nephrotic syndrome, preterm delivery, fetal growth restriction, and perinatal mortality. The degree of renal impairment and proteinuria in early pregnancy predict pregnancy complications in women with diabetic nephropathy. The main pregnancy complication in this respect is pre-eclampsia which increases with severity of proteinuria. Presence of retinopathy increases also risk of preeclampsia and also poor glycemic control. The pregnancy itself (first or subsequent) is not a long-term risk factor for developing microalbuminuria, any retinopathy, proliferative retinopathy, or neuropathy. These findings have practical implications for counselling young women in planning their pregnancies. Good glycemic control, normotension, lack of nephropathy as well as lack of pre-proliferative/proliferative changes of diabetic retinopathy are good prognostic factors as regards the progression of vascular complications during pregnancy. Women with Type 1 diabetes should be evaluated before pregnancy for microangiopathies, treated and followed closely during pregnancy by obstetrician and internist/diabetologue.
Diabetes distress is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Around 12% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is associated with increased health risks for both mother and child and pre- and postpartum depression. Little is known about the relationship of GDM with diabetes-specific emotional distress (diabetes distress). The aims of this study are to assess the prevalence of diabetes distress in GDM and its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was carried out in an Amsterdam based teaching hospital with an ethnic diverse population. Women diagnosed with GDM completed a set of questionnaires at three time points. Questionnaires consisted of Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale 5 (PAID-5) for diabetes distress (T0-T1), Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9) for depressive symptoms (T0-T2), and questions to assess adverse pregnancy outcomes (T2). Adverse pregnancy outcomes (collected via self-report and if feasible from the medical records) were defined as hypertension, pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, severe perineal tearing, postpartum hemorrhage, postpartum depression, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hospitalization, macrosomia, jaundice, hypoglycemia and other (among which low heart rate, fever, hypoxia). Adverse pregnancy outcomes were dichotomized into none and 1 or more. Additional information was collected from the medical charts. Missing data were imputed via predictive mean matching and a multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed with diabetes distress, depressive symptoms, socioeconomic status, parity and ethnicity as predictors and age, HbA1c, and BMI as covariates. RESULTS: A total of 100 women were included, mean age 32.5 (4.1), mean BMI 26.7 (4.8), 71% were of non-Dutch ethnic background. Elevated diabetes distress (PAID score ≥ 8) was reported by 36% of the women. Multivariable logistic regression analyses revealed that both high diabetes distress (OR 4.70, p = .02) and parity (OR 0.21, p = .02) but not antepartum depressive symptoms were related to adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes distress is likely in women with GDM and our findings suggest an association between both diabetes distress, parity and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM. This warrants replication and further research into the underlying mechanisms explaining the impact of diabetes distress in GDM and potential interventions to reduce distress.
Animal models of gestational diabetes: characteristics and consequences to the brain and behavior of the offspring.; Gestational diabetes (GD) is the glucose intolerance that occurs during pregnancy. Mothers who develop diabetes during gestation are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) later in life, and the risk of adverse fetal and neonatal outcomes are also increased as a function of maternal hyperglycemia. Infants who are exposed to fetal hyperglycemia show an increased risk of becoming obese and developing T2DM later in life. Due to the need of new research on this field, and the difficulty of performing studies in human brain, studies using experimental models are necessary to suggest possible ways to avoid or inhibit offspring brain damage or harmful metabolic alterations. Here, it was made a review about the characteristics of the main animal models of GD, and what are the consequences to the brain and behavior of the offspring. In many experimental models, either by pharmacological induction, diet manipulation, or in the use of transgenic animals, glycemic conditions are severe. S961, a selective insulin receptor antagonist, revealed an increased fasting blood glucose level and glucose intolerance during mid-gestation, which returned to basal levels postpartum in mice. GD contributes to offspring neuroinflammation, influences neuronal distribution in central nervous system (CNS), and apoptosis during embryogenesis, which in turn may contribute to changes in behavior and memory in adult life and aging. The usage of animal models to study GD allows to examine extensively the characteristics of this condition, the molecular mechanisms involved and the consequences to the brain and behavior of the offspring.
The variation degree of coagulation function is not responsible for extra risk of hemorrhage in gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is characterized as glucose intolerance of any degree that begins or first diagnosed during pregnancy. It possesses a higher risk of haemorrhage, which may be caused by the coagulation dysfunction. However, there has been no study focus on how coagulation state changes in the progress of GDM pregnancy. Our study is aimed to assess the association of coagulation function and haemorrhage in GDM. METHODS: A total of 662 subjects (273 from a population-based study and 389 from a prospective cohort study) were selected to measure mean platelet volume (MPV), platelet distribution width (PDW), platelet (PLT), thrombocytocrit (PCT), prothrombin time (PT), activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), thrombin time (TT), and fibrinogen (FIB). All pregnant individuals were divided into normal glucose tolerance (NGT) controls and GDM patients diagnosed between the 24th and 28th weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Compared with NGT controls, GDM females showed shortened PT, shortened APTT, and increased blood FIB levels, while the platelet parameters MPV, PDW, PLT, and PCT remained unchanged in mid-pregnancy. By late pregnancy, the platelet parameters MPV, PDW, and PCT were increased in the GDM group compared with the NGT group, while PT and APTT were unchanged. CONCLUSIONS: The GDM group was hypercoagulable compared with the NGT group rather than hypocoagulable as predicted, but still within the normal range. Therefore, our findings demonstrate that the variation degree of coagulation function is not responsible for extra risk of hemorrhage in GDM, and prevention of hemorrhage should focus on other causes.
Maternal and gestational influences on childhood blood pressure.; Exposures that contribute to a sub-optimal intrauterine environment can have an effect on the developing fetus. Impaired fetal growth that results in low birth weight is an established risk factor for cardio-metabolic disorders later in life. Recent epidemiologic and prospective cohort studies that include the maternal and gestational period have identified maternal and gestational conditions that confer increased risk for subsequent cardio-metabolic disorders in the absence of low birth weight. Maternal pre-conception health status, including chronic obesity and type 2 diabetes, increase risk for childhood obesity and obesity-related higher blood pressure (BP) in child offspring. Maternal gestational exposures, including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia, are associated with higher BP in offspring. Other maternal exposures such as cigarette smoke and air pollution also increase risk for higher BP in child offspring. Recent, but limited, data indicate that assisted reproductive technologies can be associated with hypertension in childhood, despite otherwise normal gestation and healthy newborn. Gestational exposures associated with higher BP in childhood can be related to familial lifestyle factors, genetics, or epigenetic modification of fetal deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA). These factors, or combination of factors, as well as other adverse intrauterine conditions, could induce fetal programing leading to health consequences in later life. Current and developing research will provide additional insights on gestational exposures and fetal adjustments that increase risk for higher BP levels in childhood.
Pre-gestational maternal body mass index predicts an increased risk of congenital malformations in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.; AIMS: The aim of the present study was to identify characteristics in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) that could be predictive of congenital malformations in their infants. METHODS: Using data from the Spanish Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECEMC), a hospital-based case-control study and surveillance system, we assessed the relationship between a number of maternal variables, including pre-gestational body mass index (BMI), and specific congenital malformations in their infants. RESULTS: The overall risk for a selected group of congenital malformations in an infant of an obese mother with GDM compared with an obese mother with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) was 2.78 (1.38-5.55, P < 0.001). Within the group of mothers with GDM, obesity (BMI > or = 30 kg/m2) was associated with a significantly increased risk of cardiovascular defects compared with non-obese women [OR = 2.82 (1.31-7.04), P < 0.01]. In mothers with NGT, pre-gestational BMI was not associated with congenital malformations. CONCLUSION: Pre-gestational obesity is a predictive variable for congenital malformations in infants of mothers with GDM. The greater their BMI, the higher the risk for congenital malformations in their offspring. Given the blastogenic origin of the congenital defects identified, and the relationship between obesity and Type 2 diabetes, it is probable that this increased risk is as a result of previously unidentified pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGD). It is important that overweight and obese women planning a pregnancy be evaluated for the presence of diabetes.
Transient right sided hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant born to a diabetic mother.; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a rare primary myocardial disease, characterized by hypertrophy of the left and/or right ventricle. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at risk for development of HCM, respiratory distress and persistent pulmonary hypertension. A case of severe right sided HCM in an infant born to a diabetic mother is presented. The patient's findings were complementary to the previous observations reporting HCM in IDM. The presence of disproportionate septal hypertrophy in the echocardiography of an infant born to a diabetic mother is highly suggestive of HCM in IDM. In our opinion, further cardiac evaluation is not indicated unless other cardiac abnormalities are suspected.
Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Infants' Motor Development within the First Twelve Months of Life: Who Is Expected to Be the Ultimate Carrier of the Obesity Burden?; INTRODUCTION: Pre-pregnancy obesity is a significant public health concern with profound implications for maternal and child health. The burgeoning evidence suggests that maternal obesity prior to conception is intricately linked with an increased risk of gestational complications, as well as with adverse neonatal outcomes. Furthermore, the long and short-term health of offspring, including the risk of early motor development impairment, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in childhood and adulthood, may be adversely affected as well. Addressing pre-pregnancy obesity is critical for improving overall maternal and child health outcomes, and therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the connections linking pre-pregnancy obesity with infants' motor development within the first twelve months of infants' lives. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This study included 200 mother-infant pairs divided into two groups based on their pre-pregnancy body mass index values. To assess infants' early motor development, we used the Alberta Infant Motor Scale (AIMS) and evaluated the parameters of infants' early motor development at the ages of three, six, nine, and twelve months. RESULTS: Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity was significantly associated with excessive gestational weight gain (p < 0.001), fetal macrosomia (p = 0.022), and a family history of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (p = 0.048 and p = 0.041, respectively), as well as with all observed parameters of early motor development at the ages of three, six, nine, and twelve months: AIMS 3 months total (p < 0.001), AIMS 6 months total (p < 0.001), AIMS 9 months total (p < 0.001), and AIMS 12 months total (p < 0.001). Furthermore, pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity was a significant predictor for AIMS 6 months total (p = 0.043) and AIMS 6 months supination (p = 0.017). CONCLUSIONS: Pre-pregnancy obesity is a critical determinant of pregnancy outcomes and offspring early motor development, with possible far-reaching implications for children's long-term well-being. Addressing this issue requires a comprehensive approach that includes preconception weight management, targeted interventions during the pregnancy and postpartum periods, and ongoing research to better understand the underlying mechanisms and develop effective strategies for prevention and management.
[Damage to the endothelium of human magistral vessels in diabetes mellitus].; The number of the arterial and venous argyrophil cells increases three-fold in diabetes mellitus patients with gangrene of the lower extremities comparatively to that of non-diabetic gangrenous patients. Sometimes, in childbirth women, suffering from diabetes, argyrophilia of the intracellular limits is enhanced. Endothelium affection can be the peak point of atheroma-tosis in diabetes.
The fetal circadian rhythm in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes is altered by maternal glycemic control and the morning cortisol concentration.; Circadian rhythmicity is fundamental to human physiology, and is present even during fetal life in normal pregnancies. The impact of maternal endocrine disease on the fetal circadian rhythm is not well understood. The present study aimed to determine the fetal circadian rhythm in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), compare it with a low-risk reference population, and identify the effects of maternal glycemic control and morning cortisol concentrations. Long-term fetal electrocardiogram recordings were made in 40 women with PGDM at 28 and 36 weeks of gestation. Two recordings were made in 18 of the women (45.0%) and one recording was made in 22 (55.0%). The mean fetal heart rate (fHR) and the fHR variation (root mean square of squared differences) were extracted in 1-min epochs, and circadian rhythmicity was detected by cosinor analysis. The study cohort was divided based on HbA1c levels and morning cortisol concentrations. Statistically, significant circadian rhythms in the fHR and the fHR variation were found in 45 (100%) and 44 (95.7%) of the 45 acceptable PGDM recordings, respectively. The rhythms were similar to those of the reference population. However, there was no statistically significant population-mean rhythm in the fHR among PGDM pregnancies at 36 weeks, indicating an increased interindividual variation. The group with higher HbA1c levels (>6.0%) had no significant population-mean fHR rhythm at 28 or 36 weeks, and no significant fHR-variation rhythm at 36 weeks. Similarly, the group with a lower morning cortisol concentration (≤8.8 µg/dl) had no significant population-mean fHR-variation rhythm at 28 and 36 weeks. These findings indicate that individual fetal rhythmicity is present in pregnancies complicated by PGDM. However, suboptimal maternal glycemic control and a lower maternal morning cortisol concentration are associated with a less-well-synchronized circadian system of the fetus.
Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in patients with intracranial aneurysms: A case-control study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to define the prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension (HT), chronic HT, and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in a defined population of patients with saccular intracranial aneurysms (sIAs). METHODS: We included all patients with sIA, first admitted to the Neurosurgery Department of Kuopio University Hospital from its defined catchment population between 1990 and 2015, who had given birth for the first time in 1990 or later. The patients' medical records were reviewed, and clinical data were linked with prescription drug usage, hospital diagnoses and causes of death, obtained from nationwide registries. The prevalences of pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes in patients were compared with a matched control population (n = 324). In addition, the characteristics of sIA disease in patients with pre-eclampsia were compared to those of sIA patients without pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: A total of 169 patients with sIA fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Of these, 22 (13%) had pre-eclampsia and 32 (19%) had other hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. In 324 matched controls who had given birth, the prevalence of pre-eclampsia was 5% (n = 15) and other hypertensive disorders were diagnosed in 10% (n = 34). There was no significant difference in prevalence of gestational diabetes (12% vs. 11%). Patients with sIA with pre-eclampsia more frequently had irregularly shaped aneurysms (p = 0·003). CONCLUSIONS: Pre-eclampsia was significantly more frequent in patients with sIA than in their population controls. Irregularly shaped aneurysms were more frequent in sIA patients with pre-eclampsia. Further studies are required to determine whether history of pre-eclampsia may indicate an elevated risk for sIA formation or rupture.
Revisiting the role of first trimester homocysteine as an index of maternal and fetal outcome.; AIM. To revisit the role of first trimester homocysteine levels with the maternal and fetal outcome. METHODS. This was a cohort study comprising 100 antenatal women between 8 and 12 weeks of gestation. Serum homocysteine levels were checked after overnight fasting. RESULTS. There were significantly elevated homocysteine levels among women with prior history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and prior second or third trimester pregnancy losses. There was no significant difference in homocysteine levels among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm deliveries, or fetal malformations. Homocysteine levels were significantly elevated in those who developed hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, oligohydramnios, and meconium stained amniotic fluid, had a pregnancy loss, or delivered a low birth weight baby. There was no significant difference in homocysteine levels for those who developed gestational diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSIONS. Increased first trimester serum homocysteine is associated with history of pregnancy losses, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth. This is also associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, pregnancy loss, oligohydramnios, meconium stained amniotic fluid, and low birth weight in the current pregnancy. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov CTRI/2013/02/003441.
Elevated serum uric acid to creatinine ratio is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes: a prospective birth cohort study.; Purpose: This study evaluated the association between maternal serum uric acid-to-creatinine ratio (SUA/SCr) in the first trimester and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: A prospective birth cohort study was conducted between 2018 and 2021. Logistic regression models and restricted cubic splines were utilized to estimate the associations between the SUA/SCr ratio and feto-maternal pregnancy outcomes. Women were stratified according to maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index. Results: This study included 33,030 pregnant women with live singleton pregnancies. The overall prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), cesarean delivery, preterm birth, large-for-gestational age (LGA), small-for-gestational age, and low Apgar scores were 15.18%, 7.96%, 37.62%, 4.93%, 9.39%, 4.79% and 0.28%, respectively. The highest quartile of SUA/SCr was associated with the highest risk of GDM (odds ratio [OR] 2.14, 95% CI 1.93-2.36), PIH (OR 1.79, 95% CI 1.58-2.04), cesarean delivery (OR 1.24, 95% CI 1.16-1.33), and preterm birth (OR 1.30, 95% CI 1.12-1.51). The associations between SUA/SCr with adverse pregnancy outcomes showed linear relationships except for GDM (P < 0.001 for all, P < 0.001 for non-linearity). Subgroup analyses revealed that the associations between the SUA/SCr ratio and the risks of PIH and LGA were significantly stronger in younger pregnant women (P = 0.033 and 0.035, respectively). Conclusion: Maternal SUA/SCr levels were associated positively with the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Timely monitoring of SUA and SCr levels during early pregnancy may help reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and provide a basis for interventions.
Abnormal uterine Doppler is related to vasculopathy in pregestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to evaluate the relation between maternal placental Doppler velocimetry, levels of the maternal glucose, and clinical signs of vasculopathy in pregnancy complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS AND RESULTS: A retrospective study of 155 pregestational diabetic women between the 22nd and 40th weeks of pregnancy, categorized in White classification as B, 49; C, 40; D, 22; R, 20; F, 5; and RIF, 19. Cases in classes R, F, and R/F were defined as having vasculopathy. Doppler velocimetry of umbilical and uterine arteries was evaluated for vascular impedance, both in terms of pulsatility index (PI) for both arteries and a notch in early diastole in the uterine arteries. The last examination before delivery was used for analysis. Increased umbilical artery PI was seen in 19 and a uterine artery abnormality in 45 cases. There was a correlation between levels of HbA(1c) and increased vascular impedance in the uterine and umbilical arteries. Signs of increased uterine artery vascular impedances were significantly related to pregestational vasculopathy. In cases of small-for-gestational-age newborn infants, PI was significantly increased in uterine and umbilical arteries. Furthermore, PI in macrosomic fetuses was significantly lower than in normal infants. Abnormal uterine artery Doppler was also strongly related to adverse outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal uterine artery Doppler is related to pregestational vasculopathy and adverse outcome of pregnancy. The results suggest that the uterine arteries are affected in women with clinical signs of pregestational vasculopathy. This may influence placental perfusion and fetal well-being.
Cumulative Lactation and Clinical Metabolic Outcomes at Mid-Life among Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes.; Lactation is associated with a lower risk of subsequent cardiometabolic disease among parous women; however, the underlying mechanisms are unknown. Further, the potential protective effects of lactation on cardiometabolic risk markers at mid-life among high-risk women with past gestational diabetes (GDM) are not established. Using data from the Diabetes & Women’s Health Study (2012−2014; n = 577), a longitudinal cohort of women with past GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (1996−2002), we assessed associations of cumulative lactation duration (none, <6 months, 6−12 months, ≥12−24 months, and ≥24 months) with clinical metabolic outcomes (including type 2 diabetes [T2D], prediabetes, and obesity) and cardiometabolic biomarkers (including biomarkers of glucose/insulin metabolism, fasting lipids, inflammation, and anthropometrics) 9−16 years after enrollment when women were at mid-life. At follow-up, women were 43.9 years old (SD 4.6) with a BMI of 28.7 kg/m2 (IQR 24.6, 33.0); 28.6% of participants had T2D, 39.7% had prediabetes, and 41.2% had obesity. Relative risks (95% CI) of T2D for 0−6, 6−12, 12−24, and ≥24 months of cumulative lactation duration compared to none were 0.94 (0.62,1.44), 0.88 (0.59,1.32), 0.73 (0.46,1.17), and 0.71 (0.40,1.27), respectively. Cumulative lactation duration was not significantly associated with any other clinical outcome or continuous biomarker. In this high-risk cohort of middle-aged women with past GDM, T2D, prediabetes, and obesity were common at follow-up, but not associated with history of cumulative lactation duration 9−16 years after the index pregnancy. Further studies in diverse populations among women at mid-age are needed to understand associations of breastfeeding with T2D.
Impact of adopting the 2013 World Health Organization criteria for diagnosis of gestational diabetes in a multi-ethnic Asian cohort: a prospective study.; BACKGROUND: We assessed the impact of adopting the 2013 World Health Organization (WHO) diagnostic criteria on the rates of gestational diabetes (GDM), pregnancy outcomes and identification of women at future risk of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: During a period when the 1999 WHO GDM criteria were in effect, pregnant women were universally screened using a one-step 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks' gestation. Women were retrospectively reclassified according to the 2013 criteria, but without the 1-h glycaemia measurement. Pregnancy outcomes and glucose tolerance at 4-5 years post-delivery were compared for women with GDM classified by the 1999 criteria alone, GDM by the 2013 criteria alone, GDM by both criteria and without GDM by both sets of criteria. RESULTS: Of 1092 women, 204 (18.7%) and 142 (13.0%) were diagnosed with GDM by the 1999 and 2013 WHO criteria, respectively, with 27 (2.5%) reclassified to GDM and 89 (8.2%) reclassified to non-GDM when shifting from the 1999 to 2013 criteria. Compared to women without GDM by both criteria, cases reclassified to GDM by the 2013 criteria had an increased risk of neonatal jaundice requiring phototherapy (relative risk (RR) = 2.78, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.32, 5.86); despite receiving treatment for GDM, cases reclassified to non-GDM by the 2013 criteria had higher risks of prematurity (RR = 2.17, 95% CI 1.12, 4.24), neonatal hypoglycaemia (RR = 3.42, 95% CI 1.04, 11.29), jaundice requiring phototherapy (RR = 1.71, 95% CI 1.04, 2.82), and a higher rate of abnormal glucose tolerance at 4-5 years post-delivery (RR = 3.39, 95% CI 2.30, 5.00). CONCLUSIONS: Adoption of the 2013 WHO criteria, without the 1-h glycaemia measurement, reduced the GDM rate. Lowering the fasting glucose threshold identified women who might benefit from treatment, but raising the 2-h threshold may fail to identify women at increased risk of adverse pregnancy and future metabolic outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01174875 . Registered 1 July 2010 (retrospectively registered).
Reduced Cortical Excitability, Neuroplasticity, and Salivary Cortisol in 11-13-Year-Old Children Born to Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in utero are at increased risk of neurodevelopmental difficulties, including autism and impaired motor control. However, the underlying neurophysiology is unknown. METHODS: Using transcranial magnetic stimulation, we assessed cortical excitability, long-term depression (LTD)-like neuroplasticity in 45 GDM-exposed and 12 control children aged 11-13 years. Data were analysed against salivary cortisol and maternal diabetes severity and treatment (insulin [N = 22] or metformin [N = 23]) during pregnancy. FINDINGS: GDM-exposed children had reduced cortical excitability (p = .003), LTD-like neuroplasticity (p = .005), and salivary cortisol (p < .001) when compared with control children. Higher maternal insulin resistance (IR) before and during GDM treatment was associated with a blunted neuroplastic response in children (p = .014) and this was not accounted for by maternal BMI. Additional maternal and neonatal measures, including fasting plasma glucose and inflammatory markers, predicted neurophysiological outcomes. The metformin and insulin treatment groups had similar outcomes. INTERPRETATION: These results suggest that GDM can contribute to subtle differences in child neurophysiology, and possibly cortisol secretion, persisting into early adolescence. Importantly, these effects appear to occur during second trimester, before pharmacologic treatment typically commences, and can be predicted by maternal insulin resistance. Therefore, earlier detection and treatment of GDM may be warranted. Metformin appears to be safe for these aspects of neurodevelopment.
The fidgety fetus hypothesis: fetal activity is an additional variable in determining birth weight of offspring of women with diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether some offspring of women with diabetes are intrinsically more active than others in utero and whether those who are active are able to normalize their birth weight despite maternal hyperglycemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a three-phase study to view the relationship between fetal movements and subsequent birth weight in women with diabetes. Phase I was designed to assess maternal perception of fetal movements in a population of 10 women with diabetes. To improve our fetal monitoring techniques, in phase II we analyzed fetal movements using the Card Guard home fetal monitoring device (CG 900P) in a population of 13 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To apply our observations of fetal movements to a larger population, during phase III we conducted a retrospective analysis of fetal monitoring strips (HP 8041A) from 46 women with GDM to examine the relationship between fetal heart rate (FHR) accelerations and percentile birth weight, corrected for gestational age. RESULTS: Phase I confirmed that there is little variability in fetal movements (i.e., fetal kicks did not significantly deviate from one another on a day-to-day basis). In phase II, the fetal monitoring strips illustrated that the active fetuses (defined as > or = 4 FHR accelerations in a 20-min period) were always active, and the inactive fetuses were always inactive. The mean birth weight percentile, corrected for gestational age, in the active group was 37 vs. 63% in the inactive group (P = 0.05). In phase III, the fetal monitoring strips showed an inverse correlation between the mean number of FHR accelerations and the birth weight of the fetus, corrected for gestational age. The mean birth weight percentile in the active group was 37 vs. 62% in the inactive group (P = 0.0017). CONCLUSIONS: The fetus appears to play a role in determining its own destiny. Increased fetal activity may minimize the impact of hyperglycemia on subsequent birth weight. The inactive fetus appears to be at a higher risk for glucose-mediated macrosomia.
Outcomes of Moderately Preterm Infants of Insulin-Dependent Diabetic Mothers.; OBJECTIVE: Little is known about the hospital outcomes of moderately preterm (MPT; 29 0/7-33 6/7 weeks gestational age) infants born to insulin-dependent diabetic mothers (IDDMs). We evaluated characteristics and outcomes of MPT infants born to IDDMs compared with those without IDDM (non-IDDM). STUDY DESIGN: Cohort study of infants from 18 centers included in the MPT infant database from 2012 to 2013. We compared characteristics and outcomes of infants born to IDDMs and non-IDDMs. RESULTS: Of 7,036 infants, 527 (7.5%) were born to IDDMs. Infants of IDDMs were larger at birth, more often received continuous positive pressure ventilation in the delivery room, and had higher risk of patent ductus arteriosus (adjusted relative risk or aRR: 1.49, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.20-1.85) and continued hospitalization at 40 weeks postmenstrual age (aRR: 1.55, 95% CI: 1.18-2.05). CONCLUSION: MPT infants of IDDM received more respiratory support and prolonged hospitalizations, providing further evidence of the important neonatal health consequences of maternal diabetes. KEY POINTS: · Little data are available on moderate preterm infants of IDDMs.. · MPT infants of IDDMs need more respiratory support.. · Longer neonatal intensive care unit stays among MPT infants of IDDMs..
Sexual Dimorphism in Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes - A Retrospective Australian Population Study 1981-2011.; OBJECTIVES: Sexual inequality starts in utero. The contribution of biological sex to the developmental origins of health and disease is increasingly recognized. The aim of this study was to assess and interpret sexual dimorphisms for three major adverse pregnancy outcomes which affect the health of the neonate, child and potentially adult. METHODS: Retrospective population-based study of 574,358 South Australian singleton live births during 1981-2011. The incidence of three major adverse pregnancy outcomes [preterm birth (PTB), pregnancy induced hypertensive disorders (PIHD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)] in relation to fetal sex was compared according to traditional and fetus-at-risk (FAR) approaches. RESULTS: The traditional approach showed male predominance for PTB [20-24 weeks: Relative Risk (RR) M/F 1.351, 95%-CI 1.274-1.445], spontaneous PTB [25-29 weeks: RR M/F 1.118, 95%-CI 1.044-1.197%], GDM [RR M/F 1.042, 95%-CI 1.011-1.074], overall PIHD [RR M/F 1.053, 95%-CI 1.034-1.072] and PIHD with term birth [RR M/F 1.074, 95%-CI 1.044-1.105]. The FAR approach showed that males were at increased risk for PTB [20-24 weeks: RR M/F 1.273, 95%-CI 1.087-1.490], for spontaneous PTB [25-29 weeks: RR M/F 1.269, 95%-CI 1.143-1.410] and PIHD with term birth [RR M/F 1.074, 95%-CI 1.044-1.105%]. The traditional approach demonstrated female predominance for iatrogenic PTB [25-29 weeks: RR M/F 0.857, 95%-CI 0.780-0.941] and PIHD associated with PTB [25-29 weeks: RR M/F 0.686, 95%-CI 0.581-0.811]. The FAR approach showed that females were at increased risk for PIHD with PTB [25-29 weeks: RR M/F 0.779, 95%-CI 0.648-0.937]. CONCLUSIONS: This study confirms the presence of sexual dimorphisms and presents a coherent framework based on two analytical approaches to assess and interpret the sexual dimorphisms for major adverse pregnancy outcomes. The mechanisms by which these occur remain elusive, but sex differences in placental gene expression and function are likely to play a key role. Further research on sex differences in placental function and maternal adaptation to pregnancy is required to delineate the causal molecular mechanisms in sex-specific pregnancy outcome. Identifying these mechanisms may inform fetal sex specific tailored antenatal and neonatal care.
Insulin lispro therapy in pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the efficacy and safety of preprandial administration of rapid-acting lispro analogue with regular short-acting insulin to pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Open randomised multicentre study. Women were treated with multiple insulin injections aiming at normoglycaemia. Blood glucose was determined six times daily, HbA(1c) every 4 weeks. Diurnal profiles of blood glucose were analysed at gestational week 14 and during the study period at weeks 21, 28 and 34. PARTICIPANTS: 33 pregnant women with type 1 DM were randomised to treatment with lispro insulin (n=16) or regular insulin (n=17). RESULTS: Blood glucose was significantly lower (P<0.01) after breakfast in the lispro group, while there were no significant group differences in glycemic control during the rest of the day. Severe hypoglycaemia occurred in two patients in the regular group but biochemical hypoglycaemia (blood glucose <3.0 mmol/l) was more frequent in the lispro than in the regular group (5.5 vs. 3.9%, respectively). HbA(1c) values at inclusion were 6.5 and 6.6% in the lispro and regular group respectively. HbA(1c) values declined during the study period and were similar in both groups. There was no perinatal mortality. Complications during pregnancy, route of delivery and foetal outcome did not differ between the groups. Retinopathy progressed in both groups, one patient in the regular group developed proliferative retinopathy. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that it is possible to achieve at least as adequate glycemic control with lispro as with regular insulin therapy in type 1 diabetic pregnancies.
Pregnancy complications in infertile patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: updated evidence.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common female disorder with a pathogenesis still today not completely known. To the present, PCOS is considered more than just a reproductive disorder since several metabolic consequences that could affect women's health during different stages of reproductive and post-reproductive life were reported. The aim of the current review was to evaluate present evidence-based data regarding the pregnancy complications in infertile patients with PCOS. An extensive literature search until February 2018 was performed in PubMed, Medline, the Cochrane Library and Web of Science. Outcomes were classified in: early pregnancy complications, late pregnancy complications, perinatal complications, offspring health and long-term offspring and maternal health. Even if the exact mechanisms involved are still unclear, women with PCOS have an increased risk of pregnancy-related complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia (PE), premature delivery and caesarean section. Moreover, the offspring of women with PCOS are also at increased risk of congenital anomalies and hospitalization in childhood. Further studies are needed to study the mechanism underlying pregnancy complications in PCOS and to identify any interventions to reduce the risk of obstetric and neonatal risks in women affected by PCOS and in their offspring.
A prospective population-based multicentre study on the impact of maternal body mass index on adverse pregnancy outcomes: Focus on normal weight.; BACKGROUND: Maternal body mass index (BMI) below or above the reference interval (18.5-24.9 kg/m2) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Whether BMI exerts an effect within the reference interval is unclear. Therefore, we assessed the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and BMI, in particular within the reference interval, in a general unselected pregnant population. METHODS: Data was extracted from a prospective population-based multicentre cohort (Risk Estimation for PrEgnancy Complications to provide Tailored care (RESPECT) study) conducted between December 2012 to January 2014. BMI was studied in categories (I: <18.5, II: 18.5-19.9, III: 20.0-22.9, IV: 23.0-24.9, V: 25.0-27.4, VI: 27.5-29.9, VII: >30.0 kg/m2) and as a continuous variable within the reference interval. Adverse pregnancy outcomes were defined as composite endpoints for maternal, neonatal or any pregnancy complication, and for adverse pregnancy outcomes individually. Linear trends were assessed using linear-by-linear association analysis and (adjusted) relative risks by regression analysis. RESULTS: The median BMI of the 3671 included women was 23.2 kg/m2 (IQR 21.1-26.2). Adverse pregnancy outcomes were reported in 1256 (34.2%). Linear associations were observed between BMI categories and all three composite endpoints, and individually for pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonates; but not for small-for-gestational-age neonates and preterm birth. Within the reference interval, BMI was associated with the composite maternal endpoint, PIH, GDM and LGA, with adjusted relative risks of 1.15 (95%CI 1.06-1.26), 1.12 (95%CI 1.00-1.26), 1.31 (95%CI 1.11-1.55) and 1.09 (95%CI 1.01-1.17). CONCLUSIONS: Graded increase in maternal BMI appears to be an indicator of risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes even among women with a BMI within the reference interval. The extent to which BMI directly contributes to the increased risk in this group should be evaluated in order to determine strategies most valuable for promoting safety and long-term health for mothers and their offspring.
Can the Onset of Type 2 Diabetes Be Delayed by a Group-Based Lifestyle Intervention in Women with Prediabetes following Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM)? Findings from a Randomized Control Mixed Methods Trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate a 12-week group-based lifestyle intervention programme for women with prediabetes following gestational diabetes (GDM). DESIGN: A two-group, mixed methods randomized controlled trial in which 50 women with a history of GDM and abnormal glucose tolerance postpartum were randomly assigned to intervention (n = 24) or wait control (n = 26) and postintervention qualitative interviews with participants. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Modifiable biochemical, anthropometric, behavioural, and psychosocial risk factors associated with the development of type 2 diabetes. The primary outcome variable was the change in fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from study entry to one-year follow-up. RESULTS: At one-year follow-up, the intervention group showed significant improvements over the wait control group on stress, diet self-efficacy, and quality of life. There was no evidence of an effect of the intervention on measures of biochemistry or anthropometry; the effect on one health behaviour, diet adherence, was close to significance. CONCLUSIONS: Prevention programmes must tackle the barriers to participation faced by this population; home-based interventions should be investigated. Strategies for promoting long-term health self-management need to be developed and tested.
Obstetric and Neonatal Risks Among Obese Women Without Chronic Disease.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether prepregnancy obesity is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes among women without chronic disease. METHODS: Singleton deliveries (N=112,309) among mothers without chronic diseases in the Consortium on Safe Labor, a retrospective U.S. cohort, were analyzed using Poisson regression with robust variance estimation. Relative risks and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) estimated perinatal risks in relation to prepregnancy obesity status adjusted for age, race-ethnicity, parity, insurance, smoking and alcohol use during pregnancy, and study site. RESULTS: Obstetric risks were variably (and mostly marginally) increased as body mass index (BMI) category and obesity class increased. In particular, the risk of gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, and induction increased in a dose-response fashion. For example, the percentage of gestational diabetes among obese class III women was 14.6% in contrast to 2.8% among women with normal BMIs (corresponding relative risks [95% CI] 1.99 [1.86-2.13], 2.94 [2.73-3.18], 3.97 [3.61-4.36], and 5.47 [4.96-6.04] for overweight, obese class I, obese class II, and obese class III women, respectively) compared with women with normal BMIs. Similarly, neonatal risks increased in a dose-response fashion with maternal BMI status including preterm birth at less than 32 weeks of gestation, large for gestational age (LGA), transient tachypnea, sepsis, and intensive care unit admission. The percentage of LGA neonates increased from 7.9% among women with normal BMIs to 17.3% among obese class III women and relative risks increased to 1.52 (1.45-1.58), 1.74 (1.65-1.83), 1.93 (1.79-2.07), and 2.32 (2.14-2.52) as BMI category increased. CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy obesity is associated with increased risks of a wide range of adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes among women without chronic diseases.
Alloxan-induced diabetes mellitus in the pregnant ewe: metabolic and cardiovascular effects on the mother and her fetus.; Diabetes mellitus was acutely produced in nine pregnant sheep by the intravenous administration of alloxan 40 mg/kg in the maternal inferior vena cava. Maternal and fetal plasma concentrations of glucose, lactate, beta-hydroxybutyrate, insulin, glucagon, and PaO2, oxygen content, and pH were determined before and at days 1, 3, and 5 after the injection of alloxan. Two animals aborted between days 1 and 3 after alloxan administration. In the other animals, significant changes occurred from baseline to day 5: maternal hyperglycemia (56.8 +/- 5.2 vs. 227.3 +/- 54.6 mg/dl; p less than 0.01), maternal hypoinsulinemia (6.2 +/- 3.5 vs. 1.0 +/- 0.4 microU/ml, p = 0.016); maternal hyperketonemia (beta-hydroxybutyrate: 0.79 +/- 0.27 vs. 4.69 +/- 2.64 mmol/L, p less than 0.01); fetal hyperglycemia (17.0 +/- 2.6 vs. 86.0 +/- 16.2 mg/dl, p less than 0.001); fetal hyperinsulinemia (8.4 +/- 4.5 vs. 19.2 +/- 6.4 microU/ml, p less than 0.001); fetal hyperketonemia (beta-hydroxybutyrate: 0.03 +/- 0.03 vs. 0.06 +/- 0.02 mmol/L, p less than 0.05); fetal hypoxemia (arterial PO2: 21.6 +/- 1.8 vs. 18.0 +/- 2.8 mm Hg, p less than 0.05, and oxygen content: 7.1 +/- 0.5 vs. 4.5 +/- 1.9 vol/dl, p less than 0.02). Thus alloxan administered in the pregnant ewe can produce major metabolic and endocrine derangements acutely simulating those occurring in human insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancy.
Maternal plasma soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor levels as biochemical markers of gestational hypertension for Malaysian mothers.; AIMS: To establish baseline levels of maternal plasma soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1) and placental growth factor (PlGF) among normotensive Malaysian mothers and to compare the marker levels between normotensives and mothers with gestational hypertension (GH). METHODS: Plasma sFlt-1 and PlGF were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay in an unmatched, case-control study. The results were subjected to normality testing and analyzed by Mann-Whitney U-tests. RESULTS: Among normotensive mothers, both sFlt-1and PlGF showed a general increase in levels from the 24th to 32nd weeks of pregnancy. PlGF levels in normotensive mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus were reduced compared to those without the disease, while levels of sFlt-1 were elevated. Mothers with GH had reduced levels of PlGF with increased levels of sFlt-1 when compared to normotensive mothers. Among the normotensive mothers followed up until delivery, the inversed pattern of reduced PlGF and increased sFlt-1 marker levels was found in 40% of those who developed GH later in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma levels of sFlt-1and PlGF in normotensive mothers may be influenced by gestational diabetes mellitus and GH. GH mothers show an inversed pattern of marker levels compared to normotensive mothers.
The effect of long-term COVID-19 infection on maternal and fetal complications: a retrospective cohort study conducted at a single center in China.; Investigate the effect of long-term COVID-19 on maternal and fetal complications. A retrospective cohort study was conducted. A total of 623 pregnant women who delivered in Kunming First People's Hospital from November 1, 2022 to July 31, 2023 were selected. By employing statistical methods, we compared the associations between maternal and fetal complications in pregnant women with acute COVID-19 during pregnancy, long-term COVID-19, and non-COVID-19 pregnant women. In the final 623 samples, there were 209 pregnant women with acute COVID-19, 72 pregnant women with long-term COVID-19, and 342 pregnant women without COVID-19. The epidemiological and clinical characteristics of all subjects were similar. Pregnant individuals who developed long-term COVID-19 during their pregnancy had an increased risk of experiencing gestational hypertension (OR 3.344, 95% CI 1.544-7.243), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 2.301, 95% CI 1.290-4.102), and fetal intrauterine growth restriction (OR 2.817, 95% CI 1.385-5.952). Multivariate binary logistic regression analysis showed that this association remained consistent even after adjusting for confounders and performing subgroup analyses. Other maternal and fetal complications, such as premature rupture of membranes, preterm delivery, neonatal asphyxia, and transfer of neonates to NICU, did not exhibit statistically significant associations. After linear regression analysis, the platelet count (β: - 0.127, 95% CI - 0.001-0.000) of pregnant women with long-term COVID-19 was slightly lower than that of non-COVID-19 pregnant women, and the other coagulation parameters were not statistically significant. The incidence of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus and fetal intrauterine growth restriction in pregnant women with long-term COVID-19 is significantly increased, but it does not further increase the coagulation status.
The grand multipara.; Grandmultiparity (GMP) has long been considered an obstetric complication for both mother and fetus, although recent studies indicate that, with proper perinatal care, women with high-parity rates are no longer at high risk. The current study examines the outcome of delivery in 1700 women in their fifth or more delivery, as compared with two control groups: 622 primiparas and 735 multiparas (two to three previous deliveries). Excellent prenatal care was available free of charge to all parturients. Our objectives were to evaluate the management of GMP in contemporary obstetrics and to assess whether grand multiparas are still high-risk patients. The age of the grandmultiparas was significantly higher compared with with the control groups, which may explain the higher incidence among them of antenatal medical disorders, such as diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disease. No significant differences were found among the three groups for preterm or post-term births, small-for-gestational-age infants, polyhydramnios, oligohydramnios, perinatal death, fetal distress, multiple births, placenta previa, abruptio placentae or cord prolapse. Macrosomia was markedly higher in the grandmultiparas and multiparas than in nulliparas. Thus, our results indicate that good perinatal care can ensure better results in grandmultiparas, and that grandmultiparity no longer needs to be considered a high-risk obstetric category in our population.
[Relationships between hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome].; Objective: To investigate the impact of obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) on pregnancy outcomes, especially the relationship between OSAS and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP). Methods: A total of 228 pregnant women with high risk of OSAS who underwent sleep monitoring during pregnancy in Peking University People's Hospital from January 2021 to April 2022 were collected by reviewing their medical records for retrospective analysis. According to the diagnosis of OSAS, the pregnant women were divided into OSAS group (105 cases) and non-OSAS group (123 cases). The non-parametric Mann-Whitney U test, χ(2) test or Fisher's exact test were used to compare the general data and maternal and fetal outcomes between the two groups, and the occurrence of each type of HDP was further compared. Results: (1) Compared with the non-OSAS group, the median pre-pregnancy body mass index (23.6 vs 27.6 kg/m(2)) and the proportion of snoring [28.9% (33/114) vs 59.2% (61/103)] in the OSAS group were higher, and the differences were both statistically significant (both P<0.001). (2) The incidence of HDP [67.6% (71/105) vs 39.0% (48/123)] and gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM; 40.0% (42/105) vs 26.8% (33/123)] of pregnant women in the OSAS group were higher than those in the non-OSAS group, and the median delivery week was shorter than that in the non-OSAS group (38.4 vs 39.0 weeks). The differences were all statistically significant (all P<0.05). Between-group differences for the delivery way, postpartum hemorrhage, the rate of intensive care unit admission, preterm birth, small for gestational age infants, neonatal asphyxia, the rate of neonatal intensive care unit admission, newborn birth weight and the proportion of umbilical artery blood pH<7.00 were not statistically significant (all P>0.05). (3) Compared with the non-OSAS group, the incidence of chronic hypertension [11.4% (14/123) vs 22.9% (24/105)] and chronic hypertension with superimposed pre-eclampsia [11.4% (14/123) vs 30.5% (32/105)] were higher in the OSAS group, and the differences were both statistically significant (both P<0.01). Conclusion: OSAS is related to HDP (especially chronic hypertension and chronic hypertension with superimposed pre-eclampsia) and GDM, which could provide a practical basis for the screening, diagnosis and treatment of OSAS in pregnant women at high risk.
Weight Categories, Trajectories, Eating Behavior, and Metabolic Consequences during Pregnancy and Postpartum in Women with GDM.; Pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity are associated with increased risk for adverse outcomes, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This study investigated weight trajectories, eating behaviors, and metabolic consequences in women with GDM during pregnancy and postpartum according to pre-pregnancy BMI. We prospectively included 464 women with GDM. Intuitive eating (Intuitive Eating Scale-2 questionnaire), gestational weight gain (GWG), postpartum weight retention (PPWR) at 6-8 weeks and 1-year postpartum, and glucose intolerance (prediabetes and diabetes) at 1-year were assessed. Women with obesity (WOB) had lower GWG but gained more weight in the postpartum (p < 0.0001). PPWR at 1-year did not differ across BMI categories (p = 0.63), whereas postpartum weight loss was most pronounced in women with normal weight (p < 0.0001), and within this category, in their lowest tertile (p < 0.05). Intuitive eating was not linked to perinatal weight changes but differed among BMI categories. PPWR predicted a 2.5-fold increased risk of glucose intolerance at 1-year independent of pre-pregnancy BMI (p < 0.001), and the adverse metabolic impact of PPWR was most pronounced in WOB with odds of increased risk of glucose intolerance 8.9 times higher (95% CI 2.956;26.968). These findings suggest an adaptive capacity to relatively rapid weight changes in the perinatal period that is less present with higher BMI.
Latin American consensus on diabetes mellitus and hypertension.; Diabetes mellitus and hypertension, responsible of a major burden of cardiovascular complications, are increasing their incidence in Latin America in similar proportions to the rest of the world. The metabolic syndrome, a strong predictor of both diabetes and hypertension deserves more attention from the primary care physicians. Evidence based and updated guidelines on detection, prevention and treatment of diabetes and hypertension, issued by local experts, are willing to inform and translate these recommendations to the clinical practice of physicians assisting these patients throughout Latin America.
Supplemental Berberine in a High-Fat Diet Reduces Adiposity and Cardiac Dysfunction in Offspring of Mouse Dams with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: There are few evidence-based strategies to attenuate the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid extracted from Chinese herbs and exhibits glucose lowering properties. OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that dietary BBR would improve health outcomes in the mouse offspring of GDM dams. METHODS: Wild-type C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet (L-LF,10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose) or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet (GDM-HF, 45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose) for 6 wk prior to breeding with wild-type C57BL/6 male mice throughout pregnancy and the suckling period. The resulting Lean and GDM-exposed male and female offspring were randomly assigned an LF (10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose), HF (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose), or high-fat berberine (HFB) (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose diet) containing BBR (160 mg/kg/d, HFB) at weaning for 12 wk. The main outcome was to evaluate the effects of BBR on obesity, pancreatic islet function, and cardiac contractility in GDM-exposed HF-fed offspring. Significance between measurements was determined using a 2 (gestational exposure) × 3 (diet) factorial design by a 2- way ANOVA using Tukey post-hoc analysis. RESULTS: In the GDM-HF group, body weights were significantly increased (16%) compared with those in baseline (L-LF) animals (P < 0.05). Compared with the L-LF animals, the GDM-HF group had a reduction in pancreatic insulin glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (74%) and increased cardiac isovolumetric contraction time (IVCT; ∼150%) (P < 0.05). Compared with GDM-HF animals, the GDM-HFB group with the dietary addition of BBR had significantly reduced body weight (16%), increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from pancreatic islets (254%), and reduced systolic heart function (46% IVCT) (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In a mouse model of GDM, dietary BBR treatment provided protection from obesity and the development of pancreatic islet and cardiac dysfunction.
Risk of kidney disease following a pregnancy complicated by diabetes: a longitudinal, population-based data-linkage study among Aboriginal women in the Northern Territory, Australia.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this work was to investigate the risk of developing chronic kidney disease (CKD) or end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or pre-existing diabetes among Aboriginal women in the Northern Territory (NT), Australia. METHODS: We undertook a longitudinal study of linked healthcare datasets. All Aboriginal women who gave birth between 2000 and 2016 were eligible for inclusion. Diabetes status in the index pregnancy was as recorded in the NT Perinatal Data Collection. Outcomes included any stage of CKD and ESKD as defined by ICD-10 coding in the NT Hospital Inpatient Activity dataset between 2000 and 2018. Risk was compared using Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: Among 10,508 Aboriginal women, the mean age was 23.1 (SD 6.1) years; 731 (7.0%) had GDM and 239 (2.3%) had pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy. Median follow-up was 12.1 years. Compared with women with no diabetes during pregnancy, women with GDM had increased risk of CKD (9.2% vs 2.2%, adjusted HR 5.2 [95% CI 3.9, 7.1]) and ESKD (2.4% vs 0.4%, adjusted HR 10.8 [95% CI 5.6, 20.8]). Among women with pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy, 29.1% developed CKD (adjusted HR 10.9 [95% CI 7.7, 15.4]) and 9.9% developed ESKD (adjusted HR 28.0 [95% CI 13.4, 58.6]). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Aboriginal women in the NT with GDM or pre-existing diabetes during pregnancy are at high risk of developing CKD and ESKD. Pregnancy presents an important opportunity to identify kidney disease risk. Strategies to prevent kidney disease and address the social determinants of health are needed.
Medical aspects of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Physiologic changes during pregnancy can precipitate or exacerbate potentially serious maternal illnesses that may adversely affect the outcome for both mother and fetus. OBJECTIVE: To review the common medical conditions that may complicate pregnancy. SUMMARY: Venous thromboembolic disease is the most common medical disorder complicating pregnancy; heparin is the safest and most effective treatment and prophylactic agent in high-risk patients. Systemic lupus erythematosus may flare during pregnancy and may require therapy with corticosteroids, which may also be needed to treat immune thrombocytopenic purpura. Hypertension should be monitored closely throughout the pregnancy and puerperium; certain antihypertensive agents control blood pressure without affecting the fetus. Asthma may worsen or improve during pregnancy; therapy is similar to that for nonpregnant women. Diabetes mellitus may antedate pregnancy or become manifest during pregnancy; detection and strict glycemic control are the keys to a successful outcome. Approximately 30% of infants born to mothers with established HIV infection acquire the syndrome of immunodeficiency; testing must continue until 15 months of life. Mothers with epilepsy should use the lowest effective dose of a single antiepileptic agent to prevent congenital birth defects. CONCLUSIONS: When the internist, obstetrician, anesthesiologist, and perinatologist use a team approach, most patients can expect a successful outcome.
Sapropterin Treatment Prevents Congenital Heart Defects Induced by Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus in Mice.; Background Tetrahydrobiopterin is a cofactor of endothelial NO synthase ( eNOS ), which is critical to embryonic heart development. We aimed to study the effects of sapropterin (Kuvan), an orally active synthetic form of tetrahydrobiopterin on eNOS uncoupling and congenital heart defects ( CHD s) induced by pregestational diabetes mellitus in mice. Methods and Results Adult female mice were induced to pregestational diabetes mellitus by streptozotocin and bred with normal male mice to produce offspring. Pregnant mice were treated with sapropterin or vehicle during gestation. CHD s were identified by histological analysis. Cell proliferation, eNOS dimerization, and reactive oxygen species production were assessed in the fetal heart. Pregestational diabetes mellitus results in a spectrum of CHD s in their offspring. Oral treatment with sapropterin in the diabetic dams significantly decreased the incidence of CHD s from 59% to 27%, and major abnormalities, such as atrioventricular septal defect and double-outlet right ventricle, were absent in the sapropterin-treated group. Lineage tracing reveals that pregestational diabetes mellitus results in decreased commitment of second heart field progenitors to the outflow tract, endocardial cushions, and ventricular myocardium of the fetal heart. Notably, decreased cell proliferation and cardiac transcription factor expression induced by maternal diabetes mellitus were normalized with sapropterin treatment. Furthermore, sapropterin administration in the diabetic dams increased eNOS dimerization and lowered reactive oxygen species levels in the fetal heart. Conclusions Sapropterin treatment in the diabetic mothers improves eNOS coupling, increases cell proliferation, and prevents the development of CHD s in the offspring. Thus, sapropterin may have therapeutic potential in preventing CHD s in pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Alobar holoprosencephaly, mobile proboscis and trisomy 13 in a fetus with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus: a 2D ultrasound diagnosis and review of the literature.; BACKGROUND: Alobar holoprosencephaly is a rare and severe brain malformation due to early arrest in brain cleavage and rotation. CASE REPORT: We report a congenital anomalous fetus with alobar holoprosencephaly, prenatally diagnosed by two-dimensional (2D) sonography at the 40 weeks of gestation. The mother was affected by gestational diabetes mellitus and was obese (BMI > 30 kg/m(2)). 2D Ultrasound depicted the cerebral malformation, cyclopy, proboscis, cardiac defects (atrial septal defect, hypoplastic left heart, anomalous communication between right ventricle and aorta) and extremities defects. The newborn died just after delivery. External examination confirmed a mobile proboscis-like nose on the normal nose position. The fetus had both claw hands. The right and left feet showed to be equine. Autopsy confirmed the ultrasound diagnosis and chromosome analysis revealed trisomy 13 (47,XY,+13). Fetopathologic examination showed cyclopy, proboscis and alobar holoprosencephaly of the fetus, which was consistent with Patau syndrome. CONCLUSION: The teratogenic effect of diabetes on fetus has been described, but no previous clinical case of a congenital anomalous fetus with trisomy 13 and maternal gestational diabetes has been reported. This case report is the first to describe 2D ultrasound diagnosis of alobar holoprosencephaly and trisomy 13 with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus.
[Characteristics of blood lipids levels and relevant factor analysis during pregnancy].; OBJECTIVE: To study the characteristics of blood lipids levels' change during pregnancy, and to discuss the relationships between the blood lipid level and the age, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes and other pregnancy complications. METHODS: From January to September 2015, we enrolled 2 907 pregnant women admitted to our hospital for regular checks as control group, 190 cases in gestational hypertension group, 258 cases in gestational diabetes mellitus group. The control group was divided into first trimester (≤12 w) second trimester (20 to 26 w) and third trimester (≥28 w) groups; in second trimester group, patients were further divided into the certain age group (<35years old) and elderly group (≥35 years old); blood lipid levels including serum levels of total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were detected in all groups. RESULTS: (1) Blood lipids levels varied as pregnancy proceeded. TG level increased most significantly, followed by TC, LDL-C level. However, HDL-C level slightly decreased in third trimester comparing with first and second trimester stage, the difference was statistically significant (P< 0.05); (2) serum TC, TG and LDL-C level in second trimester were significantly higher in the certain age group than in the elder group (P< 0.05); (3) in gestational diabetes mellitus group, serum TC, TG, LDL-C levels were significantly higher in first and second trimester than those in the control group (P< 0.05); (4) in gestational hypertension group, serum TC, TG, LDL-C levels were significantly higher in third trimester than those in the control group (P< 0.05); HDL-C level was lower in the gestational hypertension group than in the control group, and there was statistically significant difference (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The blood lipid levels in pregnancy increase gradually as the gestational weeks increase, which can be explained as a normal physiological phenomenon. Elder pregnancy, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus patients usually have obvious blood lipid disorder, therefore, it is very important to monitor the blood lipid level during pregnancy stages for predicting and early intervention of pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational hypertension.
What is new in obstetric antecedents of chronic disease? Best articles from the past year.; This month, we focus on current research in obstetric antecedents of chronic disease. Dr Malone discusses four recent publications, and each is concluded with a "bottom line" that is the take-home message. The complete reference for each can be found in on this page along with direct links to the abstracts.
Copeptin and MR-proADM in umbilical cord plasma reflect perinatal stress in neonates born to mothers with diabetes and MR-proANP reflects maternal diabetes.; AIM: To examine concentrations of three cardiovascular propeptides in umbilical cord plasma of neonates born to mothers with Type 1, Type 2 and gestational diabetes. Measurement of cardiovascular markers in umbilical cord plasma may potentially help identify neonates at risk of postnatal complications. Neonates born to mothers with diabetes have an increased risk of neonatal morbidity and mortality, and measurement of these new biomarkers may potentially help identify neonates at risk of these complications. SUBJECTS & METHODS: Copeptin, midregional proadrenomedullin (MR-proADM) and mid-regional pro-A-type natriuretic peptide (MR-proANP) were measured in cord plasma of neonates (n = 63) born to mothers with the three types of diabetes. Associations with maternal glycemic control, mode of delivery and neonatal metabolic acidosis were examined. RESULTS: Umbilical cord plasma copeptin concentrations were lowest in neonates after elective cesarean sections (6.1 pmol/l; interquartile range [IQR]: 4.5-9.1) compared with emergency cesarean sections (156 pmol/l; IQR: 9.6-311; p = 0.019) and vaginal delivery (831 pmol/l; IQR: 107-2407; p < 0.0001). MR-proADM was also affected by mode of delivery; however, this seemed more likely to be caused by an inverse association with the acid-base balance. In this population, only MR-proANP plasma concentrations were related to type of diabetes. Neonates born to mothers with Type 1 diabetes had higher concentrations (median 260 pmol/l; IQR: 222-318) compared with Type 2 diabetes (175 pmol/l; IQR: 169-200; p = 0.003) and gestational diabetes (200 pmol/l; IQR: 149-276; p = 0.009). CONCLUSION: Umbilical cord plasma copeptin and MR-proADM concentrations primarily reflect perinatal stress associated with mode of delivery and the degree of fetal acidosis, whereas MR-proANP concentrations are higher in neonates born to mothers with Type 1 diabetes.
[Oscillation spectrum of the fetal heart rate in diabetic mothers].; Antepartum monitoring of fetal heart rate throughout the last weeks of diabetic pregnancy revealed a significant restriction of the baseline irregularity towards the end of the antepartum period. The quantitative amount (in % of total recording time/week) of the patterns of reduced irregularity ('silent', 'narrowed undulatory') increased from the 34th to the 40th week of pregnancy whereas the amount of normal ('undulatory') irregularity became smaller. The results were discussed in regard of the disturbed fetoplacental unit in the diabetic pregnancy.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Post-partum Risk and Follow Up.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk for developing metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cardiovascular disease. In this review, we will discuss postpartum cardiovascular and diabetes risk in women with a history of GDM and different ways to improve postpartum screening. METHODS: This review involves a comprehensive literature review on gestational diabetes and postpartum risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus as well as post-partum screening methods. RESULTS: Cardiovascular risk post-partum is potentiated by increased inflammatory markers leading to worsening atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events downstream. Decreased insulin sensitivity and β cell compensation, recurrent GDM, maternal factors such as pre and post-partum weight gain and lactation may contribute to T2DM risk. Postpartum glucose testing is essential in screening women as hyperglycemia in pregnancy has long term effects on both cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk on the mother. CONCLUSION: Long and short term improvement to post-partum glucose testing is essential to decreasing cardiometabolic and diabetes risk in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Risk factors for hyperglycemia in pregnancy in the DALI study differ by period of pregnancy and OGTT time point.; OBJECTIVE: Risk factors are widely used to identify women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) without clear distinction by pregnancy period or oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) time points. We aimed to assess the clinical risk factors for Hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HiP) differentiating by these two aspects. DESIGN AND METHODS: Nine hundred seventy-one overweight/obese pregnant women, enrolled in the DALI study for preventing GDM. OGTTs were performed at ≤19 + 6, 24-28 and 35-37 weeks (IADPSG/WHO2013 criteria). Women with GDM or overt diabetes at one time point did not proceed to further OGTTs. Potential independent variables included baseline maternal and current pregnancy characteristics. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes were at ≤19 + 6 weeks, previous abnormal glucose tolerance (odds ratio (OR): 3.11; 95% CI: 1.41-6.85), previous GDM (OR: 2.22; 95% CI: 1.20-4.11), neck circumference (NC) (OR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.06-2.36 for the upper tertile), resting heart rate (RHR, OR: 1.99; 95% CI: 1.31-3.00 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 24-28 weeks, previous stillbirth (OR: 2.92; 95% CI: 1.18-7.22), RHR (OR: 3.32; 95% CI: 1.70-6.49 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 35-37 weeks, maternal height (OR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.20-0.87 for upper tertile). Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes differed by OGTT time point (e.g. at ≤19 + 6 weeks, NC was associated with abnormal fasting but not postchallenge glucose). CONCLUSION: In this population, most clinical characteristics associated with GDM/overt diabetes were non-modifiable and differed by pregnancy period and OGTT time point. The identified risk factors can help define the target population for future intervention trials.
High folate and low vitamin B12 status during pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: B-vitamins and homocysteine may contribute to the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but existing studies are inconsistent. We examined the cross-sectional associations of plasma folate, vitamins B6, B12, and homocysteine concentrations with GDM and glycemia in a sample of multi-ethnic Asian pregnant women. METHODS: Plasma concentrations of folate, vitamins B6, B12, homocysteine and glucose were measured at 26-weeks' gestation in 913 pregnant women. GDM was diagnosed using the 1999 World Health Organization criteria. Associations were examined with linear or logistic regression, adjusted for confounders and stratified by ethnicity. RESULTS: Higher plasma folate was associated with higher 2-h glucose and higher odds of GDM [0.15 (0.02, 0.23) per 1-SD increment in folate, OR 1.29 (1.00, 1.60)], mainly among Indian mothers. Higher plasma vitamin B12 and homocysteine were associated with lower fasting and 2-h glucose, and lower odds of GDM [-0.04 (-0.07, -0.01) per 1-SD increment in B12 and -0.09 (-0.18, -0.003) respectively, OR: 0.81 (0.68, 0.97); -0.05 (-0.08, -0.02) per 1-SD increment in homocysteine and -0.12 (-0.21, -0.02) respectively, OR: 0.76 (0.62, 0.92)]. The highest odds of GDM were observed among women with combined vitamin B12 insufficiency and high folate concentration [OR: 1.97 (1.05, 3.68)]. An association between higher vitamin B6 and higher 2-h glucose shifted towards null adjusting for other B-vitamins. CONCLUSIONS: Higher maternal folate coupled with vitamin B12 insufficiency was associated with higher GDM risk. This finding has potential implications for antenatal supplement recommendations but will require confirmation in future studies.
Indications for and timing of delivery in diabetic pregnancies.; The management of 430 diabetic pregnancies is presented. Our protocol emphasized "tight" metabolic control and assessment of fetal well-being by antepartum fetal heart rate testings and estriol levels. Spontaneous labor was allowed in uncomplicated Class A diabetic patients. Labor in complicated cases and insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies was induced after establishing fetal lung maturity, except when a maternal or fetal complication dictated otherwise. A significant drop in estriol was observed in 4% of Class A diabetic patients and 10.2% of insulin-dependent diabetic patients. None developed a positive contraction stress test. Abnormal fetal well-being tests contributed minimally to the indications for induction of labor. The incidence of induced preterm delivery was 2.8% in Class A diabetic patients and 18.4% in insulin-dependent diabetic ones. The perinatal mortality was 5.6:1000 and 13:1000, respectively. The incidence of respiratory distress syndrome was very low, and none of the cases were associated with a "mature" amniotic fluid lecithin phosphorus measurement.
[Friedreich's disease, diabetes and pregnancy. Description of a case].; Birth of an infant at term to a diabetic woman with a severe form of Friedreich's disease is reported. The aetiopathogenesis of the cardiac deformities that led to the death of the child on day seven of life is discussed.
Gestational Diabetes Epigenetically Reprograms the Cart Promoter in Fetal Ovary, Causing Subfertility in Adult Life.; Intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to disease conditions later in life. An example is gestational diabetes (GD), where the offspring has a higher risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, or cardiovascular disease in adult life. In this study, using two well-established GD (streptozotocin- and high-fat and high-sugar-induced) mouse models, we report that female offspring from GD dams are predisposed toward fertility problems later in life. This predisposition to fertility problems is due to altered ovarian expression of a peptide called cocaine- and amphetamine-regulated transcript (CART), which is known to negatively affect folliculogenesis and is induced by elevated leptin levels. Results show that the underlying cause of this altered expression is due to fetal epigenetic modifications involving glucose- and insulin-induced miRNA, miR-101, and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway. These signaling events regulate Ezh2, a histone methyltransferase that promotes H3K27me3, a gene-repressive mark, and CBP/p300, a histone acetyltransferase that promotes H3K27ac, a transcription activation mark, in the fetal ovary. Moreover, the CART promoter has depleted 5-methylcytosine (5mC) and enriched 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5hmC) levels. The depletion of H3K27me3 and 5mC repressive marks and subsequent increase in H3K27ac and 5hmC gene-activating marks convert the Cartpt promoter to a "superpromoter." This makes the Cartpt promoter more sensitive to leptin levels that predispose the GD offspring to fertility problems. Therefore, this study provides a mechanistic insight about fetal epigenome reprogramming that manifests to ovarian dysfunction and subfertility later in adult life.
Is FGF-23 an early indicator of atherosclerosis and cardiac dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) is a phosphorus-regulating hormone and plays a role in the pathogenesis of myocardial hypertrophy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of FGF-23 levels with echocardiographic parameters and insulin resistance (IR) in patients with gestational diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Fifty-four pregnant patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (age, 31.12 ± 5.72 years) and 33 healthy pregnant women (age, 29.51 ± 4.92 years) were involved in the study. Fasting insulin, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), lipid profile, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), FGF23, echocardiographic parameters, and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were evaluated in the two groups. RESULTS: The two groups were not significantly different in age, sex, body mass index, lipid profile, or blood pressure. Insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), FGF-23 levels, CIMT, left ventricular (LV) mass, LV mass index and myocardial performance index (MPI) were significantly higher in the GDM group. HOMA-IR was positively correlated with FGF-23, and insulin was positively correlated with FGF-23. Additionally, FGF-23 was positively correlated with CIMT, LV mass index, and MPI. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that monitoring serum FGF-23 may be useful as a non-invasive indicator of subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with GDM.
Maternal diabetes decreases the expression of α2-adrenergic and M2 muscarinic receptors in the visual cortex of male rat neonates.; AIMS: This study investigates the impact of maternal diabetes on the expression of α2-adrenergic and M2 muscarinic receptors in the primary visual cortex of male offspring born to diabetic rats. MAIN METHODS: In adult female rats, a single dose of intraperitoneal streptozotocin (STZ) was used to induce diabetes (Diabetic group). Diabetes was controlled with insulin in the Insulin-treated group. Female rats in the control group received normal saline instead of STZ. Male newborns were euthanized at P0, P7, and P14, and the expression of α2-adrenergic and M2 muscarinic receptors in the primary visual cortex was determined using immunohistochemistry (IHC). KEY FINDINGS: The study showed that α2-adrenergic and M2 muscarinic receptors were significantly suppressed in all layers of the primary visual cortex of male neonates born to diabetic rats at P0, P7, and P14 compared to the control group. The highest expression was for the Con group at P14 and the lowest one was in the Dia group at P0 for both receptors. The insulin treatment in diabetic mothers modulated the expression of these receptors to normal levels in their newborns. SIGNIFICANCE: The results demonstrate maternal diabetes decreases the expression of α2-adrenergic and M2 muscarinic receptors in the primary visual cortex of male offspring born to diabetic rats. Insulin treatment can offset these effects of diabetes.
Use of umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry in the monitoring of pregnancy in women with pre-existing diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The usefulness of umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry for the monitoring of diabetic pregnancies is controversial. The aim of the present study was to assess whether umbilical artery Doppler velocity waveform analysis can predict adverse perinatal outcomes for pregnancies complicated by pre-existing diabetes mellitus. METHODS: All diabetic pregnancies (type 1 and 2) delivered at Mater Mothers' Hospital, Queensland, between 1 January 1995 and 31 December 1999 were included. All pregnant diabetic women were monitored with umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry at 28, 32, 36, and 38 weeks' gestation. Adverse perinatal outcome was defined as pregnancies with one or more of the following: small-for-gestational age, Caesarean section for non-reassuring cardiotocography, fetal acidaemia at delivery, 1-min Apgar of 3 or less, 5-min Apgar of less than 7, hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy or perinatal death. Abnormal umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry was defined as a pulsatility index of 95th centile or higher for gestation. RESULTS: One hundred and four pregnancies in women with pre-existing diabetes had umbilical arterial Doppler studies carried out during the study period. Twenty-three pregnancies (22.1%) had an elevated pulsatility index. If the scans were carried out within 2 weeks of delivery, 71% of pregnancies with abnormal umbilical Doppler had adverse outcomes (P < 0.01; likelihood ratio, 4.2). However, the sensitivity was 35%; specificity was 94%; positive predictive value was 80%; and negative predictive value was 68%. Only 30% of women with adverse perinatal outcomes had abnormal umbilical arterial Doppler flow. CONCLUSION: Umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry is not a good predictor of adverse perinatal outcomes in diabetic pregnancies.
Infant of the diabetic mother: review of 225 cases.; The maternal and neonatal data on 225 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are presented. The incidence of maternal and neonatal complications confirms previous reports, indicating improved survival rates and decreasing neonatal morbidity for the IDM. The observed incidence of hyaline membrane disease was 2.8%, perhaps reflecting attempts to prolong pregnancy when possible to 39 weeks' gestation with judicious use of primary cesarean section. Further, from analysis of neonatal growth, the head circumference of the large-for-gestational-age infant was found to be significantly increased after 37 weeks' gestation. Whether or not this observation represents increased brain growth in these infants is not known.
Carbohydrate metabolism and cardiovascular risk factors 4 years after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.; AIMS: The aim of the present study was to determine the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance and the metabolic syndrome in a cohort of previously gestational diabetic (GDM) women 4 years after delivery. METHODS: Sixty-eight prior GDM and a control group of 39 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy were invited to participate in a follow-up study. RESULTS: The prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose (IFG) was 21%, 16%, and 6% among prior GDM women and 0%, 15%, and 0% among controls respectively (P=0.0039). Independently of the metabolic syndrome criteria used this status was found more frequently among women with prior GDM (all P<0.05). The prevalence of the metabolic syndrome showed a dose-response relationship with the level of weight categories (P<0.005) as well as with the level of glucose intolerance (P=0.024). CONCLUSION: According to our results a disturbed carbohydrate metabolism and a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors might be observed in previous GDM women 4 years after delivery.
Plasma oxytocin determinations in pregnancy with diabetes insipidus.; Diabetes insipidus is an extremely rare condition complicating pregnancy. The deficiency in antidiuretic hormone production has led to the assumption that oxytocin synthesis may also be affected. For this reason spontaneous onset of labor in a number of previously reported cases has been considered as evidence against implicating oxytocin as a relevant factor in the evolution and maintenance of labor. For the first time, plasma oxytocin levels were determined in a patient with known idiopathic diabetes insipidus during pregnancy, labor, and postpartum, using radioimmunoassay. Oxytocin was not detectable in plasma before labor. There was however a surge of plasma oxytocin detected during labor and puerperium, a pattern somewhat similar to that seen in normal pregnancy. Our findings suggest that at least some patients with diabetes insipidus do secrete oxytocin and that the role of oxytocin, threfore, cannot be discounted in the labor process.
Diabetic blindness: a major challenge.; Diabetes mellitus, once believed to a disease of the West, is becoming an endemic to modernising and urbanising population in our country. In the last 20 years, dramatic improvement has taken place in the diabetic eye care due to availability of new information and laser technology. The diabetic blindness is now preventable provided both the physicians and patients are well informed about the need and the timing for eye check-up. The present review attempts to provide an update to physicians taking care of diabetics.
Children Exposed to Maternal Obesity or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus During Early Fetal Development Have Hypothalamic Alterations That Predict Future Weight Gain.; OBJECTIVE: Exposure in utero to maternal obesity or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked to a high risk for obesity in offspring. Animal studies suggest that these exposures disrupt the development of the hypothalamus, a brain region that regulates body weight, predisposing offspring to develop obesity. This study tested the hypothesis in humans that in utero exposure to maternal obesity and/or GDM is associated with alterations in the hypothalamic response to glucose and the altered hypothalamic response would predict greater increases in child adiposity 1 year later. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants were 91 children aged 7-11 years with and without in utero exposure to GDM. Maternal prepregnancy BMI and GDM exposures were determined from electronic medical records. Arterial spin labeling MRI was used to determine the child's hypothalamic blood flow response to oral glucose. Anthropometric measures were acquired in all children at their initial visit and again 1 year later in a subset of 44 children. RESULTS: Children exposed to GDM diagnosed at ≤26 weeks' gestation had increased hypothalamic blood flow (a marker of hypothalamic activation) in response to glucose when compared with unexposed children, and results remained after adjustments for child age, sex, BMI, and maternal prepregnancy BMI. Maternal prepregnancy BMI was positively associated with the child's hypothalamic response to glucose. Greater hypothalamic response to glucose predicted greater increases in child's BMI 1 year later. CONCLUSIONS: Increased glucose-linked hypothalamic activation during childhood represents a possible mechanism by which exposure to maternal metabolic disorders during fetal development increases future risk for obesity.
Abnormal placental villous maturity and dysregulated glucose metabolism: implications for stillbirth prevention.; OBJECTIVES: In the UK one in 250 pregnancies end in stillbirth. Abnormal placental villous maturation, commonly associated with gestational diabetes, is a risk factor for stillbirth. Histopathology reports of placental distal villous immaturity (DVI) are reported disproportionately in placentas from otherwise unexplained stillbirths in women without formal diagnosis of diabetes but with either clinical characteristics or risk factors for diabetes. This study aims to establish maternal factors associated with DVI in relation to stillbirth. METHODS: Placental histopathology reports were reviewed for all pregnant women delivering at University College London Hospital between July 2018 to March 2020. Maternal characteristics and birth outcomes of those with DVI were compared to those with other placental lesions or abnormal villous maturation. RESULTS: Of the 752 placental histopathology reports reviewed, 11 (1.5%) were reported as diagnostic of DVI. Eighty cases were sampled for clinical record analysis. All women with DVI had normal PAPP-A (>0.4 MoM), normal uterine artery Doppler studies (UtA-PI) and were normotensive throughout pregnancy. Nearly one in five babies (2/11, 18.5%) with DVI were stillborn and 70% had at least one high glucose test result in pregnancy despite no formal diagnosis of diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that the mechanism underlying stillbirth in DVI likely relates to glucose dysmetabolism, not sufficient for diagnosis using current criteria for gestational diabetes, resulting in placental dysfunction that is not identifiable before the third trimester. Relying on conventional diabetes tests, foetal macrosomia or growth restriction, may not identify all pregnancies at risk of adverse outcomes from glucose dysmetabolism.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; The records of 23 insulin-dependent diabetics who had serial ophthalmological examinations during pregnancy and afterwards were reviewed. Fourteen pregnancies occurred in 10 patients with no retinopathy; 30% of these patients had obstetric complications. The mean birthweight was 3.5 kg. Ophthalmological status was unchanged in this group. In eight patients with background retinopathy during 10 pregnancies the obstetric complication rate was 70% and mean birthweight 3.3 kg. During pregnancy there was no evidence of progression of retinopathy. One patient developed proliferative retinopathy 4 years later. Five patients had proliferative retinopathy. The mean age (32 years) and duration of diabetes at index pregnancy (18 years) was greater than for the other groups. All patients developed pre-eclampsia and mean birthweight was 2.8 kg. Four of these patients required argon laser photocoagulation in association with pregnancy for progressive retinopathy; one died subsequently from end-stage diabetic nephropathy; the other four have maintained their pre-pregnancy visual acuity from 4 to 10 years.
Perinatal outcomes among different Asian-American subgroups.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate the differences in perinatal outcomes between various Asian ethnic subgroups at a national level. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study of all non-Hispanic Chinese, Japanese, Filipino, Asian Indian, Korean, Vietnamese, Samoan, Guamanian, and Hawaiian women whose deliveries were recorded by US birth certificates within the year 2003. Perinatal outcomes were compared between groups and potential confounders controlled for with multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: We found significant differences (P < .001) in the incidence of all perinatal outcomes of interest among the different Asian subgroups. These differences persisted after adjusting for potential confounders. The incidence of diabetes in pregnancy varied from 2.9% (Korean) to 5.7% (Filipina). CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates significant differences in preterm labor, primary cesarean delivery, pregnancy-associated hypertension, eclampsia, diabetes in pregnancy, low birthweight, macrosomia, and cephalopelvic disproportion among Asian subgroups at a national level, affirming the importance of examining these subgroups separately.
The Diabetes and Pre-eclampsia Intervention Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Rates of pre-eclampsia in women with type 1 diabetes are two to four times higher than in normal pregnancies. Diabetes is associated with antioxidant depletion and increased free radical production, and an increasing body of evidence suggests that oxidative stress and endothelial cell activation may be relevant to disease pathogenesis in pre-eclampsia. The Diabetes and Pre-eclampsia Intervention Trial (DAPIT) aims to establish if pregnant women with type 1 diabetes supplemented with vitamins C and E have lower rates of pre-eclampsia and endothelial activation compared with placebo treatment. METHODS: DAPIT is a randomised multicentre double-blind placebo-controlled trial that will recruit 756 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes from 20 metabolic-antenatal clinics in the UK over 4 years. Women are randomised to daily vitamin C (1000 mg) and vitamin E (400 IU) or placebo at 8-22 weeks of gestation until delivery. Maternal venous blood is obtained at randomisation, 26 and 34 weeks, for markers of endothelial activation and oxidative stress and to assess glycaemic control. The primary outcome of DAPIT is pre-eclampsia. Secondary outcomes include endothelial activation (PAI-1/PAI-2) and birthweight centile.
Towards Implementation of the Saint Vincent Declaration: Outcomes of Women with Pregestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) carries a significantly elevated risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. There is evidence that certain interventions reduce the risk for adverse outcomes. Studies have shown that a multi-disciplinary approach improves pregnancy outcomes in women with PGDM. OBJECTIVES: To determine pregnancy outcomes in women with PGDM using a multi-disciplinary approach. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed consecutive women with pregestational type 1 and type 2 diabetes who were monitored at a high-risk pregnancy clinic at the Sheba Medical Center. Clinical data were obtained from the medical records. All data related to maternal glucose control and insulin pump function were prospectively recorded on Medtronic CareLink® pro software (Medtronic MiniMed, Northridge, CA). RESULTS: This study comprised 121 neonates from 116 pregnancies of 94 women. In 83% of the pregnancies continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) sensors were applied during a part or all of the pregnancy. Pregnancy outcomes among women who were followed by a multi-disciplinary team before and during pregnancy, and during labor and puerperium resulted in better glucose control (hemoglobin A1c 6.4% vs. 7.8%), lower risk for pregnancy induced hypertension/preeclampsia (7.7% vs. 15.6%), lower birth weight (3212 g vs. 3684 g), and lower rate of large size for gestational age and macrosomia (23.1% vs. 54.2% and 3.3% vs. 28.4%, respectively), compared to data from European cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: The multi-disciplinary approach for treating women with PGDM practiced in the high-risk pregnancy clinic at the Sheba Medical Center resulted in lower rates of macrosomia, LGA, and pregnancy induced hypertension compared to rates reported in the literature.
Optimizing Blood Glucose Control through the Timing of Exercise in Pregnant Individuals Diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of moderate intensity walking on postprandial blood glucose control for pregnant individuals with (GDM) and without gestational diabetes mellitus (NON-GDM). Using a randomized cross-over design, individuals completed 5 days of exercise (three 10-min walks immediately after eating (SHORT), or one 30-min walk (LONG) outside of 1 h after eating). These protocols were preceded and separated by 2-days of habitual exercise (NORMAL). Individuals were instrumented with a continuous glucose monitor, a physical activity monitor for 14-days, and a heart rate monitor during exercise. Participants completed a physical activity enjoyment scale (PACES) to indicate their protocol preference. The GDM group had higher fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose values compared to NON-GDMs across all conditions (effect of group, p = 0.02; p = 0.02; p = 0.03, respectively). Fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose were not influenced by the SHORT or LONG exercise (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Blood glucose values were higher among the GDM group for at least 1 h after eating, yet the exercise intervention had no effect on 1 or 2 h postprandial glucose values (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Physical activity outcomes (wear time, total activity time, and time spent on each intensity) were not different between the groups nor interventions (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05,). There were no differences between the groups or interventions for the PACES score (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05). To conclude, there were no differences between the groups or exercise protocols on blood glucose control. More research is warranted to elucidate higher exercise volumes in this outcome for individuals with GDM.
Vascular complications in the diabetic pregnancy.; Long-standing hyperglycemia frequently leads to vasculopathy. Microvascular disease is characterized by retinopathy and nephropathy, while macrovascular involvement can affect coronary arteries. Diabetic autonomic neuropathy, when present, is generally associated with retinal and/or renal involvement. Early identification of these diabetic complications allows appropriate counseling and early treatment. Among women with diabetic vasculopathy, nephropathy, chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restriction are frequently observed. Furthermore, women with impaired renal function in early pregnancy have increased risk of long-term deterioration of glomerular filtration rate. Proliferative retinopathy can progress during pregnancy and 1 year after delivery, but long-term effects are not likely to occur. When coronary artery disease or gastroparesis diabeticorum are present, excessive maternal and fetal morbidity is observed. When modern management is synchronized with early medical care, favorable maternal and perinatal outcomes can be expected.
Indications for fetal echocardiography high referral, low yield?; An excellent imaging tool in the prenatal diagnosis and ongoing evaluation of congenital heart defects, fetal echocardiography is indicated in a selected population at increased risk compared with the general population. For certain "soft markers" of fetal congenital heart defects, ambiguity in the indications for fetal echo may result in a high referral rate, but low yield of congenital heart disease. Here, we critically examine 4 conditions, 2 maternal and 2 fetal: maternal gestational diabetes, advanced maternal age, isolated echogenic focus, and single umbilical artery. This critical review reveals that more prospective population-based studies with higher power and minimal bias need to be performed to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in a selected population compared with that of the general population. Nonetheless, our analysis indicates that the absolute risk of congenital heart defects associated with each of these markers is low. TARGET AUDIENCE: Obstetricians & Gynecologists, Family Physicians LEARNING OBJECTIVES: After completion of this article, the reader should be able to define which patients should be referred for fetal echocardiography based on known risks, distinguish between relative and absolute risks for fetal congenital heart disease, and summarize fetal anomaly risks for women with altered glucose metabolism.
Longitudinal Management of Cardiovascular Risk Factors Among Postpartum Women.; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) conditions, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM), are associated with increased long-term CV risk. Methods: This retrospective cohort study defined the prevalence of HDP and GDM within a large, academic health system in the southeast United States between 2012 and 2015 and described health care utilization and routine CV screening up to 1-year following delivery among those with pregnancy-related CV conditions. Rates of follow-up visits and blood pressure, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and lipid screening in the first postpartum year were compared by provider type and pregnancy-related CV condition. Results: Of the 6027 deliveries included, 20% were complicated by HDP and/or GDM. Rates of pre-pregnancy CV risk factors were high, with a significantly higher proportion of pre-pregnancy obesity among women with HDP than in normal pregnancies. Those with both HDP/GDM had the highest rates of follow-up by 1-year postpartum, yet only half of those with any pregnancy-related CV condition had any follow-up visit after 12 weeks. Although most (70%) of those with HDP had postpartum blood pressure screening, less than one-third of those with GDM had a repeat HbA1c by 12 months. Overall, postpartum lipid screening was rare (<20%). Conclusion: There is a high burden of pregnancy-related CV conditions in a large U.S. academic health system. Although overall rates of follow-up in the early postpartum period were high, gaps in longitudinal follow-up exist. Low rates of CV risk factor follow-up at 1 year indicate a missed opportunity for early CV prevention.
MEG3 damages fetal endothelial function induced by gestational diabetes mellitus via AKT pathway.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the role of maternally-expressed gene 3 (MEG3) in fetal endothelial dysfunction induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its underlying mechanism. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were extracted from GDM pregnancies and normal pregnancies. Cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration and angiogenesis of HUVECs were detected by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8), enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), wound healing and tube formation assay, respectively. MEG3 expressions in HUVECs extracted from 16 GDM pregnancies and 18 normal pregnancies were detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Besides, angiogenesis and MEG3 expression in HUVECs treated with glucose were detected, respectively. Proliferation, apoptosis, migration and angiogenesis were also detected after HUVECs were transfected with MEG3 lentivirus. Target genes of MEG3 were predicted by bioinformatics method and further verified by luciferase reporter gene assay. The protein expression of possible signaling pathway was detected by Western blot. RESULTS: HUVEC cells extracted from GDM pregnancies presented increased apoptosis and decreased proliferation, migration and angiogenesis compared with those from healthy pregnancies. Meanwhile, MEG3 was overexpressed in HUVECs extracted from GDM pregnancies compared with that of healthy pregnancies. High dose of glucose treatment led to reduced angiogenesis and elevated MEG3 expression in HUVECs. MEG3 overexpression further promoted apoptosis, but inhibited proliferation, migration and angiogenesis of HUVECs. By bioinformatics and luciferase reporter gene assay, microRNA-370-3p was found to be the target gene of MEG3 and directly targeted on AFF1. Moreover, MEG3 overexpression led to downregulated microRNA-370-3p and upregulated AFF1 mainly through inhibiting PI3K/AKT pathway. CONCLUSIONS: MEG3 is overexpressed in HUVECs extracted from GDM pregnancies. MEG3 damages fetal endothelial function through targeting microRNA-370-3p and AFF1 via PI3K/AKT pathway.
Echocardiographic findings of congenital cardiopathies among fetuses of diabetic pregnant women and their relationship with plasma fructosamine levels.; OBJECTIVE: To study the occurrence of congenital cardiopathies at echocardiography (CCE) in fetuses whose mothers had preexisting diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and to study the potential of using fructosamine level as a late marker (beyond the first trimester) for CCE. METHODS: A register study covering 91 pregnant women that underwent routine fetal echocardiography ordered due to PGDM. The first dosage of plasma fructosamine found in 65 medical records was analyzed during prenatal care (20.4 ± 8.0 weeks of gestation). The presence or absence of structural or functional CCE was associated with fructosamine levels by logistic regression. We assessed the effect modification odds ratio by maternal age and insulin usage. RESULTS: Thirty-four fetuses (52.3% of 65 fetuses) presented CCE. Twenty of them had functional CCE and 14 presented structural CCE. The mean maternal plasma fructosamine level was higher among pregnant women whose fetuses presented CCE than in those whose fetuses did not (2.86 ± 0.73 mmol/l, 2.22 ± 0.54 mmol/l, respectively, p < 0.0001). Crude OR for CCE and abnormal plasma fructosamine (>2.68 mmol/l) was 9.6 (2.8-33.7, 95% CI, p < 0.0001). Adjusted OR by maternal age and insulin usage was 10.9 (2.7-45.2, 95% CI p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: An abnormal plasma fructosamine level increases the chances of CCE occurring among referral pregnant women with PGDM.
The association between young maternal age and pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to determine the association between young maternal age at delivery with adverse pregnancy outcome in a single, tertiary, university-affiliated medical center. METHODS: A retrospective, cohort, matched control study using the first percentile distribution of maternal age at delivery (21 years old, n = 461) as the study group, and four control groups by maternal age matched by parity in a 2:1 ratio (22-25, 26-30, 31-35 and 36-40 years; n = 922 each). RESULTS: Women aged ≤21 years were found to have lower rates of chronic hypertension [compared with women aged 36-40 years old (0.0% versus 1.3%, p < 0.05)], lower rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (1.3% versus 3.7%, p = 0.007), higher rates of perineal lacerations [compared with women aged 31-35 and 36-40 years old, 41% versus 31.8% and 31.1%, respectively, p < 0.01)], higher rates of postpartum hemorrhage (4.6% versus 1.5%, p < 0.0001) and higher rates of low 5-min Apgar score (2.2% versus 0.8%, p = 0.004). No significant differences were found in terms gestational age at delivery, birth weight, fetal sex, intrapartum or antepartum mortality. CONCLUSION: Young maternal age at delivery is associated with increased risk of short-term complications after delivery.
ATLANTIC-DIP: prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus by International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups criteria.; Women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) are a high-risk group for future development of diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. The new International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria significantly increase the number of women diagnosed with GDM. The long-term metabolic outcome in these women is unknown. We set out to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, using adult treatment panel-III criteria; and insulin resistance, using HOMA2-IR, in white European women with previous GDM. Using a cohort design, we invited women meeting IADPSG GDM criteria across four Irish antenatal centres between 2007 and 2010 to participate. Two hundred and sixty-five women with previous values meeting IADPSG criteria for GDM participated (44 % of the population eligible for participation). Mean age was 36.7 years (SD 5.0). These women were compared with a randomly selected control group of 378 women (mean age 37.6 years, SD 5.1) known to have normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy during the same period. A total of 25.3 % of women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM met metabolic syndrome criteria, compared to 6.6 % of women with NGT [at 2.6 (SD 1.0) vs. 3.3 years (SD 0.7) post-partum]. The prevalence of HOMA2-IR >1.8 was higher in women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM (33.6 vs. 9.1 % with NGT, p < 0.001). Women with previous GDM by IADPSG criteria demonstrate a greater than threefold prevalence of metabolic syndrome compared to women with NGT in pregnancy. Efforts to prevent projected long-term consequences of this should focus on interventions both in the preconception and post-partum periods.
Should an echocardiographic scan be done routinely for infants of diabetic mothers?; Several cardiologic pathologies are seen in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Though asymmetrical septal hypertrophy (ASH) is a frequent pathology in IDMs, it is not routinely searched for with an echocardiographic scan. We have performed an echocardiographic examination for all IDMs (56 neonates) hospitalized between January 1987 and December 1992 in our neonatology and neonatal reanimation units. Of 56 patients, the diagnosis of 17 cases of ASH 930%) was made. The group with ASH (17 neonates) had a greater corporeal index than the group without ASH (39 neonates) (p < 0.05). Four of the 17 IDMs (24%) with ASH and one of the 39 IDMs (3%) without ASH presented with a cardiac insufficiency (p < 0.05). ASH is a pathology which should be searched for routinely IDMs.
Influence of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy.; A prospective study of the influence of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy was started at Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen in 1979. At present 145 women with insulin-dependent diabetes have been included. Preliminarily, it seems that women belonging to White classes B and C do not develop persistent retinopathy as a consequence of pregnancy. Women with retinopathy at the onset of pregnancy deteriorate in 50% of the cases, but post-partum regression is common. Development of proliferative changes is exceptional, and proliferations developed during pregnancy in most cases disappear spontaneously after delivery. Consequently, treatment with photocoagulation during pregnancy and in the early post-partum period should be restricted. Close ophthalmological supervision during pregnancy is essential and the ophthalmologist must be aware of the spontaneous course of diabetic retinopathy in relation to pregnancy.
Plasma concentration of trimethylamine-N-oxide and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The microbiota-dependent metabolite trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) has been reported as a novel and independent risk factor for the development of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, but the association with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between plasma TMAO concentration and GDM in a 2-phase study. DESIGN: A 2-phase design was used in the current study. An initial phase included 866 participants (433 GDM cases and 433 matched controls) with fasting blood samples collected at the time of GDM screening (24-32 wk of gestation). An independent-phase study, with 276 GDM cases and 552 matched controls who provided fasting blood samples before 20 wk of gestation and who had GDM screened during 24-32 wk of gestation, was nested within a prospective cohort study. These 2 studies were both conducted in Wuhan, China, and the incidence of GDM in the cohort study was 10.8%. Plasma TMAO concentrations were determined by stable isotope dilution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. GDM was diagnosed according to the American Diabetes Association criteria by using an oral-glucose-tolerance test. RESULTS: In the initial case-control study, the adjusted OR of GDM comparing the highest TMAO quartile with the lowest quartile was 1.94 (95% CI: 1.28, 2.93). Each SD increment of ln-transformed plasma TMAO was associated with 22% (95% CI: 5%, 41%) higher odds of GDM. In the nested case-control study, women in the highest quartile also had increased odds of GDM (adjusted OR: 2.06; 95% CI: 1.28, 3.31) compared with women in the lowest quartile, and the adjusted OR for GDM per SD increment of ln-transformed plasma TMAO was 1.26 (95% CI: 1.08, 1.47). CONCLUSIONS: Consistent findings from this 2-phase study indicate a positive association between plasma TMAO concentrations and GDM. Future studies are warranted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03415295.
Case report: in utero diagnosis of a vein of Galen aneurysm using colour flow Doppler.; We report the ante-natal diagnosis of a vein of Galen aneurysm using colour flow Doppler at 33 weeks gestation. Ultrasound demonstrated a midline, tubular, echo-free structure superior to the thalamus extending posteriorly. Venous flow was demonstrated within the structure using colour flow Doppler. The diagnosis was confirmed by post-natal sonography. We believe this to be the first ante-natal diagnosis of this condition using colour flow Doppler.
Association between maternal vitamin D levels and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis.; Epidemiological studies have investigated the associations between vitamin D and the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; however, the results are conflicting and dose-response relationships remain to be confirmed. This study aimed to summarize previous studies on the associations of vitamin D levels with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), and caesarean section (C-section), and to clarify the dose-response trends. PubMed, Embase, Scopus, and Web of Science were searched to identify eligible articles. A total of 69 prospective observational studies including cohort studies, case-cohort studies, or nested case-control studies were included in the current systematic review, of which 68 studies were available for meta-analysis. Compared with the lowest level, the highest level of 25(OH)D was significantly associated with a lower risk of GDM (RR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.66-0.87), PE (RR: 0.74; 95% CI: 0.60-0.90;), and GH (RR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.79-0.97); however, no significant relationship was found for C-section (RR: 1.00; 95% CI: 0.90-1.12). There was significant between-study heterogeneity for GDM (I(2) = 69.2%; P(heterogeneity) < 0.001), PE (I(2) = 52.0%; P(heterogeneity) = 0.001), and C-section (I(2) = 59.1%; P(heterogeneity) < 0.001), while no heterogeneity was found for GH (I(2) = 0.0%; P(heterogeneity) = 0.676). For each 25 nmol L(-1) increase in 25(OH)D, the pooled RR was 0.92 (95% CI: 0.86-0.97) for GDM and 0.89 (95% CI: 0.84-0.94) for PE, respectively. Notably, the dose-response analysis showed a non-linear relationship between maternal 25(OH)D levels and the risk of PE (P(non-linearity) = 0.009). Our meta-analysis provides further scientific evidence of the inverse association between 25(OH)D levels and the risk of GDM, PE, and GH, which may be useful for the prevention of pregnancy complications. However, more evidence from prospective studies is needed regarding the dietary intake of vitamin D during pregnancy.
Preoperative preparation of pregnant women.; All the elective surgeries are to be avoided during pregnancy and pregnant women should undergo only emergency surgical interventions. Pregnancy is associated with different physiological changes in the organism, which should be taken into account in preparative preparation of the pregnant women. Expanded body fluid volume leads to dilutional anemia, however other hematological disorders may be present as well. Extreme obesity is a frequent comorbidity, while hypertension is associated with the highest risks since it may lead to a life-threatening complication--eclampsia. As for other coexisting diseases, urinary tract infections and gestational diabetes are the most common as well as hyperthyroidism and other diseases that may also develop. The type and severity of the acute surgical disease, extensiveness of the planned surgery as well as the type of planned anesthesia to be applied, occasionally necessitate, depending on the gestational age, termination of pregnancy to be considered. Gynecological-obstetric consultations are mandatory in all surgical interventions planned in pregnant women.
Anaesthetic and obstetric challenges of morbid obesity in caesarean deliveries--a study in South-eastern Nigeria.; BACKGROUND: Morbid obesity of parturient has become very important in perinatal medicine because of a worldwide obesity epidemic. Morbid obesity of parturient is reportedly associated with severely increased anaesthetic and obstetric risk. OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence rate, anaesthetic and obstetric complications in morbidly obese parturient that had caesarean delivery in a Nigerian tertiary care centre. METHODS: The obstetric theatre records and case files were reviewed for caesarean deliveries in the University of Nigeria Teaching Hospital, Enugu, Nigeria from May 2008 to December 2010. A sample size of 250 patients, calculated based on a prevalence rate of 19%, confidence interval of 95% , a power of 80% and a finite population of zero was used to determine the prevalence rate of morbid obesity (Body Mass Index of greater than or equal to 35 kg/m(2)). RESULTS: There were thirty-one patients with morbid obesity (12.4%). The average Body Mass Index (BMI) was 38.3 kg/m(2)(SD ± 2.99). Other findings included macrosomia (7 or 25.8%), gestational diabetes (13%) and pregnancy induced hypertension (7 or 22.5%).There were two neonatal deaths but no maternal deaths. CONCLUSION: The prevalence rate of morbid obesity is about 10% in Nigerian women of child bearing age. This mirrors a World Health Organisation report published in the World Health Organisation Global Information Base.
Assessment of a personalized and distributed patient guidance system.; OBJECTIVES: The MobiGuide project aimed to establish a ubiquitous, user-friendly, patient-centered mobile decision-support system for patients and for their care providers, based on the continuous application of clinical guidelines and on semantically integrated electronic health records. Patients would be empowered by the system, which would enable them to lead their normal daily lives in their regular environment, while feeling safe, because their health state would be continuously monitored using mobile sensors and self-reporting of symptoms. When conditions occur that require medical attention, patients would be notified as to what they need to do, based on evidence-based guidelines, while their medical team would be informed appropriately, in parallel. We wanted to assess the system's feasibility and potential effects on patients and care providers in two different clinical domains. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We describe MobiGuide's architecture, which embodies these objectives. Our novel methodologies include a ubiquitous architecture, encompassing a knowledge elicitation process for parallel coordinated workflows for patients and care providers; the customization of computer-interpretable guidelines (CIGs) by secondary contexts affecting remote management and distributed decision-making; a mechanism for episodic, on demand projection of the relevant portions of CIGs from a centralized, backend decision-support system (DSS), to a local, mobile DSS, which continuously delivers the actual recommendations to the patient; shared decision-making that embodies patient preferences; semantic data integration; and patient and care provider notification services. MobiGuide has been implemented and assessed in a preliminary fashion in two domains: atrial fibrillation (AF), and gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Ten AF patients used the AF MobiGuide system in Italy and 19 GDM patients used the GDM MobiGuide system in Spain. The evaluation of the MobiGuide system focused on patient and care providers' compliance to CIG recommendations and their satisfaction and quality of life. RESULTS: Our evaluation has demonstrated the system's capability for supporting distributed decision-making and its use by patients and clinicians. The results show that compliance of GDM patients to the most important monitoring targets - blood glucose levels (performance of four measurements a day: 0.87±0.11; measurement according to the recommended frequency of every day or twice a week: 0.99±0.03), ketonuria (0.98±0.03), and blood pressure (0.82±0.24) - was high in most GDM patients, while compliance of AF patients to the most important targets was quite high, considering the required ECG measurements (0.65±0.28) and blood-pressure measurements (0.75±1.33). This outcome was viewed by the clinicians as a major potential benefit of the system, and the patients have demonstrated that they are capable of self-monitoring - something that they had not experienced before. In addition, the system caused the clinicians managing the AF patients to change their diagnosis and subsequent treatment for two of the ten AF patients, and caused the clinicians managing the GDM patients to start insulin therapy earlier in two of the 19 patients, based on system's recommendations. Based on the end-of-study questionnaires, the sense of safety that the system has provided to the patients was its greatest asset. Analysis of the patients' quality of life (QoL) questionnaires for the AF patients was inconclusive, because while most patients reported an improvement in their quality of life in the EuroQoL questionnaire, most AF patients reported a deterioration in the AFEQT questionnaire. DISCUSSION: Feasibility and some of the potential benefits of an evidence-based distributed patient-guidance system were demonstrated in both clinical domains. The potential application of MobiGuide to other medical domains is supported by its standards-based patient health record with multiple electronic medical record linking capabilities, generic data insertion methods, generic medical knowledge representation and application methods, and the ability to communicate with a wide range of sensors. Future larger scale evaluations can assess the impact of such a system on clinical outcomes. CONCLUSION: MobiGuide's feasibility was demonstrated by a working prototype for the AF and GDM domains, which is usable by patients and clinicians, achieving high compliance to self-measurement recommendations, while enhancing the satisfaction of patients and care providers.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Pregnant women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) have a greater chance of developing Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy (HDP) by the effect of insulin resistance in nitric oxide action.This study aims to describe factors associated with the development of HDP in pregnant women with GDM, assisted in a public maternity hospital in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. This is a cross-sectional study including 292 pregnant adult women with GDM assisted at Maternidade Escola of the Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro. The women were examined during pregnancy and postpartum. Data were collected between 2011 and 2014 from medical records and through in-person interviews. The Student t-test and the chi-square test were applied; additionally, the magnitude of the association between independents variables and HDP was estimated by logistic regression models. The occurrence of HDP was observed in 19.5% (n=57) of the evaluated women: 9.2% had pregnancy hypertension and 10.3% had preeclampsia. The chance of HDP was higher among women with GDM in a previous pregnancy (Odds Ratio-OR=3.8; Confidence Interval of 95%-95% CI: 1.1; 12.8) and among those who were 35 years old or older (OR 3.3; 95% CI: 1.2; 8.7) after controlling the effects of pre-gestational weight and dietary ingestion of calcium, riboflavin, thiamine, vitamin A and protein. Women that had any alteration in blood pressure in a previous pregnancy and those over 35 years old were under higher risk of HDP. The findings may help in the design of interventions aiming to prevent HDP in adult women.
Assessment of Macular Peripapillary Nerve Fiber Layer and Choroidal Thickness Changes in Pregnant Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Healthy Pregnant Women, and Healthy Non-Pregnant Women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of type II diabetes and it causes maternal and child morbidity. Screening for diabetic retinopathy (DR) is important because patients who develop DR have no symptoms until macular edema and/or proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) are already present. The aim of this study was to determine the early retinal findings of GDM. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This study was conducted in a tertiary research center. We conducted a prospective cross-sectional study with 3 groups: Group 1 consisted of 36 pregnant women with GDM, Group 2 consisted of 24 healthy pregnant women, and Group 3 consisted of 38 healthy non-pregnant women of reproductive age. Spectralis optical coherence tomography (OCT) was used for the assessment. Macular, choroid, and retinal nerve fiber layer (RNFL) thicknesses were evaluated in patients with GDM and comparisons were made among pregnant women with GDM, healthy pregnant women, and healthy non-pregnant women for these parameters. RESULTS: The nasal part of the RNFL was significantly thinner in the GDM group than in the healthy pregnant group. None of the patients had retinopathy or macular edema at the time of examination. CONCLUSIONS: Decreased nasal part of RNFL thickness may be the first retinal change in patients with GDM. Our study suggests that OCT should be performed for the patients with GDM for detection of early retinal changes associated with GDM.
Child educational progress in Born in Bradford pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes and also exposed to maternal common mental disorders.; Gestational diabetes and the maternal mental disorders of anxiety and depression have been implicated in adverse offspring neuro-behavioural outcomes but these exposures have only been studied in isolation. 1051 children whose mothers were diagnosed with gestational diabetes in UK's Born in Bradford cohort had linkage to maternal primary care records, providing diagnostic and treatment codes for depression and anxiety. Education record linkage provided results of the Early Years Foundation Stage Profile from the first year of school, aged five. Risk of not attaining a 'Good level of development' was analysed using multivariable Poisson regression within a generalised estimating equation framework. Multiple imputation was implemented for missing data. There was limited evidence of increased risk of failure to attain a 'good level of development' in those additionally exposed to maternal mental disorders (adjusted RR 1.21; 95% CI 0.94, 1.55). However, there was more evidence in children of Pakistani maternal ethnicity (adjusted RR 1.36; 95% CI 1.04, 1.77) than White British; this may have been driven by English not being the primary language spoken in the home. Therefore there may be groups with GDM in whom it is particularly important to optimise both maternal physical and mental health to improve child outcomes.
Benefits and harms associated with an increase in gestational diabetes diagnosis in Queensland, Australia: a retrospective cohort comparison of diagnosis rates, outcomes, interventions and medication use for two periods, 2011-2013 and 2016-2018, using a large perinatal database.; OBJECTIVES: To assess benefits and harms arising from increasing gestational diabetes (GDM) diagnosis, including for women with normal-sized babies. DESIGN, SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: Diagnosis rates, outcomes, interventions and medication use are compared in a retrospective cohort study of 229 757 women birthing in public hospitals of the Australian State of Queensland during two periods, 2011-2013 and 2016-2018, using data from the Queensland Perinatal Data Collection. OUTCOME MEASURES: Comparisons include hypertensive disorders, caesarean section, shoulder dystocia and associated harm, induction of labour (IOL), planned birth (PB), early planned birth <39 weeks (EPB), spontaneous labour onset with vaginal birth (SLVB) and medication use. RESULTS: GDM diagnosis increased from 7.8% to 14.3%. There was no improvement in shoulder dystocia associated injuries, hypertensive disorders or caesarean sections. There was an increase in IOL (21.8%-30.0%; p<0.001), PB (36.3% to 46.0%; p<0.001) and EPB (13.5%-20.6%; p<0.001), and a decrease in SLVB (56.0%-47.3%; p<0.001). Women with GDM experienced an increase in IOL (40.9%-49.8%; p<0.001), PB (62.9% to 71.8%; p<0.001) and EPB (35.3%-45.7%; p<0.001), and a decrease in SLVB (30.01%-23.6%; p<0.001), with similar changes for mothers with normal-sized babies. Of women prescribed insulin in 2016-2018, 60.4% experienced IOL, 88.5% PB, 76.4% EPB and 8.0% SLVB. Medication use increased from 41.2% to 49.4% in women with GDM, from 3.2% to 7.1% in the antenatal population overall, from 3.3% to 7.5% in women with normal-sized babies and from 2.21% to 4.38% with babies less than the 10th percentile. CONCLUSION: Outcomes were not apparently improved with increased GDM diagnosis. The merits of increased IOL or decreased SLVB depend on the views of individual women, but categorising more pregnancies as abnormal, and exposing more babies to the potential effects of early birth, medication effects and growth limitation may be harmful.
The Relationship between Coronary Flow Reserve and the TyG Index in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent metabolic disorder characterized by glucose intolerance during pregnancy. The triglyceride glucose (TyG) index, a marker of insulin resistance, and coronary flow reserve (CFR), a measure of coronary microvascular function, are emerging as potential indicators of cardiovascular risk. This study aims to investigate the association between CFR and the TyG index in GDM patients. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study of 87 GDM patients and 36 healthy controls was conducted. The participants underwent clinical assessments, blood tests, and echocardiographic evaluations. The TyG index was calculated as ln(triglycerides × fasting glucose/2). CFR was measured using Doppler echocardiography during rest and hyperemia induced by dipyridamole. Results: The study included 87 individuals in the GDM group and 36 individuals in the control group. There was no significant difference in age between the two groups (34.1 ± 5.3 years for GDM vs. 33.1 ± 4.9 years for the control, p = 0.364). The TyG index was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to the controls (p < 0.001). CFR was lower in the GDM group (p < 0.001). A negative correlation between the TyG index and CFR was observed (r = -0.624, p < 0.001). Linear regression revealed the TyG index as an independent predictor of reduced CFR. Conclusions: The study findings reveal a significant association between the TyG index and CFR in GDM patients, suggesting their potential role in assessing cardiovascular risk.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy during tight metabolic control.; BACKGROUND: The relation between retinopathy and the parameters: 24-h blood pressure, glucose control, albuminuria, and outcome of pregnancy was studied before, during, and after pregnancy in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus on tight metabolic control during pregnancy. METHODS: Prospective study of 112 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus followed with fundus photography at the Department of Ophthalmology, Arhus University Hospital. Changes in retinopathy were related to 24-h blood pressure, blood glucose, albuminuria, and adverse perinatal outcome. RESULTS: There was an association between grade of retinopathy and HbAlc before (Spearman's rho=0.49, p<0.04) and after pregnancy (Spearman's rho=0.42, p<0.02), but no such correlation was found at any examination during pregnancy where glycemia was kept tight. Those women who had progression of retinopathy during or after pregnancy had significantly earlier onset of diabetes mellitus (14+/-8 years, range 1-27) than those women with improvement or no progression of retinopathy (19+/-8 years, range 1-36, p<0.04). No association was found between progression of retinopathy and HbA1c, blood pressure, adverse perinatal outcome or any of the other variables studied. CONCLUSIONS: Tight glycemic control during pregnancy is recommendable to avoid progression of retinopathy. Attention should be given to the period after delivery where the tight regulation may be difficult to achieve. IDDM women should be encouraged to plan pregnancies early in life.
Umbilical artery cord blood glucose predicted hypoglycemia in gestational diabetes mellitus and other at-risk newborns.; BACKGROUND: To explore the value of umbilical artery cord blood glucose (UACBG) in predicting hypoglycemia in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other at-risk newborns, and to provide a cut-off UACBG value for predicting hypoglycemia occurrence. METHODS: In this prospective study, we enrolled at-risk infants delivered vaginally, including neonates born to mothers with GDM, premature, macrosomic, and low birth weight. We separated the infants into GDM group and other at-risk group. All subjects underwent UACBG measurement during delivery. Neonatal peripheral blood glucose measurement was performed at 0.5 and 2 h after birth. The predictive performance of UACBG for neonatal hypoglycemia was assessed using receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC), area under curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, negative predictive value (NPV) and positive predictive value (PPV). RESULTS: 916 newborns were included, with 538 in GDM group and 378 in other at-risk group. 85 neonates were diagnosed hypoglycemia within 2 h after birth, including 36 belonging to GDM group and 49 to other at-risk group. For hypoglycemia prediction within 2 h, the best cut-off of UACBG was 4.150 mmol/L, yielding an AUC of 0.688 (95% CI 0.625-0.751) and a NPV of 0.933. In detail, the AUC was 0.680 in GDM group (95% CI 0.589-0.771), with the optimal cut-off of 4.150 mmol/L and a NPV of 0.950. In other at-risk group, the AUC was 0.678(95% CI 0.586-0.771), the best threshold was 3.950 mmol/L and the NPV was 0.908. No significant differences were observed between GDM group and other at-risk group in AUC at 0.5 h, 2 h and within 2 h. CONCLUSIONS: UACBG has a high NPV for predicting neonatal hypoglycemia within 2 h after birth. It was implied that individuals with cord blood glucose levels above the threshold were at lower risk for hypoglycemia. UACBG monitoring provides evidence for subsequent classified management of hypoglycemia.
Home monitoring of blood glucose: new approach to management of insulin-dependent diabetic patients in Great Britain.; The history of home monitoring of blood glucose by diabetic patients at St. Thomas' Hospital in London is reviewed. Initial successful experience with pregnant diabetic patients was extended to cover those with retinopathy and, subsequently, to all insulin-treated patients. Experience showed overwhelming preference by patients for blood glucose monitoring over urine tests and demonstrated improvement in blood glucose control. Experience in children 13 and older was equally (if not more) enthusiastic as in adults. Self-monitoring revealed many elementary mistakes in insulin therapy, which, when corrected, led to marked improvement in diabetic control with reduced frequency and severity of hypoglycemic attacks. Initial studies were made with Dextrostix and Eyetone. The need for a simple patient-oriented blood glucose machine was identified, and Glucochek was designed to meet it. Evaluation of Glucochek was satisfactory, and it was well liked by patients. It seems likely that blood glucose monitoring will replace urine tests in the majority of diabetic patients.
Cardiac growth in fetuses of diabetic mothers with good metabolic control.; To evaluate cardiac growth in fetuses of those diabetic mothers with good metabolic control, we examined M-mode echocardiographic measurements obtained from 24 fetuses of diabetic mothers (FODM) and compared these with measurements from 31 normal fetuses of similar gestational age. Fetuses were grouped into three gestational periods: 20 to 26 weeks, 27 to 33 weeks, and 34 to 40 weeks. The mothers were believed to have good metabolic control on the basis of mean daily glucose profiles and glycosylated hemoglobin A (HbA1C) values of approximately 110 mg/dl (610 mumol/L) and 7.5%, respectively, before fetal scanning, and estimated fetal weight similar to that of normal fetuses during all three gestational periods. Both FODM and normal fetuses had significant increases in M-mode measurements from period 1 to period 3, but in FODM, cardiac hypertrophy developed by late gestation (period 3). This involved the interventricular septum (6.1 +/- 0.7 vs 4.9 +/- 0.3 mm, p less than 0.05), right ventricular free wall (5.7 +/- 0.8 vs 3.2 +/- 0.3 mm, p less than 0.01), and left ventricular free wall (6.4 +/- 0.6 vs 3.3 +/- 0.4 mm p less than 0.01). The interventricular septum/right ventricular free wall ratio was similar, whereas the interventricular septum/left ventricular free wall ratio in FODM was smaller by period 3 (1.0 +/- 0.1 vs 1.6 +/- 0.1, p less than 0.05). The right ventricular diastolic dimension was similar, but the left ventricular diastolic dimension was significantly smaller in FODM during periods 2 and 3 (8.2 +/- 1.2 vs 12.2 +/- 0.7 mm, p less than 0.05). Strict metabolic control did not prevent FODM from having abnormal cardiac growth. We conclude that good metabolic control results in normal estimated fetal weight but that FODM remain at risk for mild global cardiac hypertrophy and altered diastolic dimensions.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension, but not gestational diabetes mellitus, is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to identify the association of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the development of venous thromboembolism (VTE). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective study of 57,009 pregnancies during 2002-2008 at Cheil General Hospital, Kwandong University. The diagnosis of VTE {deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism (PE)} was based on clot visualization via ultrasound or computed tomography. RESULTS: In total, 27 cases (PE, 20 cases) were detected. The incidence of VTE was 0.47 per 1,000 pregnancies. To determine risk factors associated with pregnancy-induced VTE, univariate analysis using a chi-square test was performed. Cesarean (C)-section, multiple pregnancy, PIH, placenta previa, and assisted reproduction technique (ART) were statistically significant compared to the controls (all, p=0.000). However, age, premature rupture of membrane, and GDM were not statistically related to VTE. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate the odds ratios for the risk factors. Placenta previa showed a 12.6-fold higher risk, while PIH had a 9.8-fold higher risk for the occurrence of VTE. C-section and ART procedures increased the risk of VTE by 4.2 times compared to that of the controls. CONCLUSION: Placenta previa and PIH were significant risk factors for VTE, whereas the known traditional risk factors of increased age and GDM were not found to be associated with VTE.
Effect of initial COVID-19 outbreak during first trimester on pregnancy outcome in Wuxi, China.; BACKGROUND: A hospital-based retrospective study was conducted to examine the effect of initial COVID-19 outbreak during first trimester on pregnancy outcome in Wuxi, China. METHODS: Women who delivered children at our hospital during June 2020 to July 2020 (control group), and October 2020 to December 2020 (exposure group) were recruited in the present study. All of the participants were not infected with COVID-19. The last menstrual period (LMP) of the exposure group was between January 24th, 2020 and March 12th, 2020, whilst in the control group, the LMP was between May 12th and October 31st, 2019. RESULTS: There were 1,456 women in the exposure group and 1,816 women in the control group. Women in the exposure group were more susceptible to hypertension during pregnancy (HDP, P = 0.004, OR[95%CI] = 1.90[1.22-2.95]) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, P = 0.008, OR[95%CI] = 1.31[1.08-1.60]) compared to those in the control group. Mothers diagnosed with HDP were more likely to deliver premature infants, leading to a higher rate of low birth weight (all P < 0.05). The other common outcomes of pregnancy showed no statistical differences between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: The initial COVID-19 outbreak might increase the incidence rates of HDP and GDM among pregnant women whose first trimesters were during that period, resulting in higher percentages of premature delivery and low birth weight. These results should be confirmed by studies from other hospitals or cities.
The infant of the diabetic mother. Pathophysiology and management.; Fetal complications such as macrosomia, hypoglycemia, respiratory distress, and congenital anomalies are associated with the diabetic pregnancy. However, strict control of maternal glucose during pregnancy, labor, and delivery has been shown to favorably influence the perinatal outcome.
Differential gene expression profiles during embryonic heart development in diabetic mice pregnancy.; Congenital heart defects (CHD) are one of the most common defects in offspring of diabetic mothers. There is a clear association between maternal diabetes and CHD; however the underlying molecular mechanism remains unknown. We hypothesized that maternal diabetes affects with the expression of early developmental genes that regulate the essential developmental processes of the heart, thereby resulting in the pathogenesis of CHD. We analyzed genome-wide expression profiling in the developing heart of embryos from diabetic and control mice by using the oligonucleotide microarray. Microarray analysis revealed that a total of 878 genes exhibited more than 1.5 fold changes in expression level in the hearts of experimental embryos in either E13.5 or E15.5 compared with their respective controls. Expression pattern of genes that is differentially expressed in the developing heart was further examined by the real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction. Several genes involved in a number of molecular signaling pathways such as apoptosis, proliferation, migration and differentiation in the developing heart were differentially expressed in embryos of diabetic pregnancy. It is concluded that altered expression of several genes involved in heart development may contribute to CHD in offspring of diabetic mothers.
Hemoglobin A1c in pregestational diabetic gravidas and the risk of congenital heart disease in the fetus.; This study aimed to determine whether poor glycemic control in early pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) for infants of women with preexisting diabetes. A retrospective review examined two tertiary care centers of diabetic pregnancies that recorded early hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values (<20 weeks). The incidence of prenatally diagnosed CHD was calculated and stratified by HbA1c level. Poor glycemic control was defined as an HbA1c level of 8.5 % or higher. Fetal echocardiography was used to identify fetuses that resulted in infants with suspected CHD. Neonatal echocardiograms and pathology reports were reviewed for confirmation of the diagnosis. Of 535 patients, 30 (5.6 %) delivered an infant with confirmed CHD. Among the patients with poor glycemic control, 8.3 % (n = 17) delivered an infant with CHD, whereas 3.9 % (n = 13) of those with an HbA1c level lower than 8.5 % delivered an infant with CHD (p = 0.03). Poor glycemic control in early pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of CHD in offspring. The incidence of CHD in patients with adequate glycemic control still is sufficiently high to justify routine fetal echocardiography for all gravidas with preexisting diabetes regardless of HbA1c level.
Pregnancy is not a risk factor for a deterioration of autonomic nervous function in diabetic women.; Pregnancy may have an untoward effect on diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy and symptoms of autonomic neuropathy may also be exacerbated during pregnancy. To test the hypothesis that previous pregnancies during the diabetic state are associated with increased risk of development of autonomic dysfunction, autonomic nervous function and pregnancy history were assessed in 117 women with long-standing Type 1 diabetes mellitus. Thirty-eight women (32%) had autonomic dysfunction, defined as at least one abnormal cardiovascular test. The presence of autonomic dysfunction was not related to the number of pregnancies during the disease state. Thus, this cross-sectional study suggests that pregnancies do not represent a risk factor for a deterioration of autonomic nervous function and development of autonomic neuropathy in diabetic women.
Macular recovery recorded by nyctometry in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Macular recovery, recorded by nyctometry, has been studied in children and adults with IDDM. Impaired macular recovery was found only in a few eyes with normal visual acuity without visible signs of retinopathy, in more than one third of the eyes with slight background retinopathy, in the majority of eyes with advanced background retinopathy, and in all eyes with proliferative retinopathy, suggesting that severe neurosensory disturbance accompanies visible vasculopathy in the retina. A significant correlation between impairment of macular recovery and reduction of the oscillatory potentials of the electroretinogram was found in groups with slight background retinopathy, severe background retinopathy, and proliferative retinopathy, suggesting that changes in these two neurosensory variables concurrently reflect abnormalities in the inner part of the retina corresponding to second order interneuronal connections. Near-normal blood glucose control obtained by continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) significantly enhanced both normal and impaired macular recovery. This effect was more pronounced in patients with short duration of IDDM; no effect was found by short-term treatment of a selected group of patients with long-standing metabolic dysregulation and long disease duration. Young patients with normal or slightly impaired macular recovery might possibly benefit from sustained near-normal blood glucose control. Large-scale and long-term studies are needed to confirm this assumption. In a 3-year investigation with CSII, progression into proliferative retinopathy could not be prevented in those patients initially displaying severely impaired macular recovery. However, visible retinopathy did not progress in eyes, in which improvement of within normal or slightly reduced recovery performances had been recorded 6 months in advance. It is suggested that a state of irreversibility, 'point of no return', of retinal pathology, indicated by a certain severe impairment of neurosensory function, might exist. Prospective investigations, 5 years with adults, and 6 years with children, revealed progressive decline in recovery performances during the years of observation, even in eyes with no or slight deterioration of the retinal appearance; and in some eyes retaining no or slight retinopathy, severe impairment of performance developed. Both investigations showed significant differences of initial macular performance between the groups developing proliferative retinopathy and the groups remaining non-proliferative in the periods of observation, suggesting that abnormally reduced recovery performance precede by months or a few years the development of proliferative retinopathy. The development into proliferative retinopathy is generally preceded by increasing stages of background retinopathy running parallel to increasingly reduced macular recovery. The present study has demonstrated large variances of performances both in normal and diabetic individuals.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Resistance training during pregnancy and perinatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Approximately 10% of women engage in resistance training during pregnancy; however there is limited research on this activity. The purpose of this study was to examine associations between resistance training and adverse outcomes. METHODS: Women completed an online survey and recalled their exercise habits during each trimester of their most recent pregnancy within the previous 5 years. Women also reported pregnancy and birth outcomes. Participants were then categorized into 3 groups based on leisure-time exercise: 1) Resistance + aerobic training (RTAE), 2) Aerobic exercise only (AE), and 3) no exercise (NE). RESULTS: 284 women completed the survey. Women in the RTAE group resistance trained on average 2.9 days/ week for 27.3 minutes/session. The prevalences of hypertensive disorders (HD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were significantly lower in the RTAE group when compared with the grouping of AE + NE women. Prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) was the strongest factor related to both GDM and HD. There was no difference in the risk of preterm labor, mode of delivery, or gestational age at delivery by exercise status. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that women can safely engage in aerobic exercise and resistance training for muscular endurance 3 days/week for 30 minutes throughout gestation.
Diabetic retinopathy and pregnancy.; Diabetic retinopathy was found to be present in 12 out of a group of 67 diabetic patients supervised by us during 92 pregnancies, and 3 further pregnant diabetics were referred to us because of retinopathy. The mean duration of diabetes was 13 years (range 3--25 years). Nine patients had minimal retinopathy, 2 had background retinopathy, and the remaining 4 proliferative retinopathy. The cases with minimal retinopathy showed no progression during pregnancy. In 1 patient with background retinopathy there was deterioration. Of the 4 patients with proliferative retinopathy 1 showed regression during the pregnancy, 2 showed advance and were treated with photocoagulation (these 2 patients now have normal vision), while the patient with extensive retinitis proliferans, with retinal detachment in both eyes and previous photocoagulation remained unchanged. The prognosis during pregnancy for patients with diabetic retinopathy is reasonable and has been improved by the advent of photocoagulation.
[Diabetes mellitus complicating pregnancy].; Of the total 25381 delivered in our Department, in the time from January 1987 to December 1993, 175 (0,69%) were from pregnancies with complicated by diabetes mellitus. 171 of that number ended with healthy babies (172), which is a relatively satisfactory outcome. Only 4 patients lost their babies. They were 3 patients admitted to our programme late in their pregnancy period. Already during their first medical examination the diagnosis was a) nonviable pregnancy in 1 case and b) multiple, congenital defects in the remaining 2 cases. 1 baby was died three days after delivery (congenital heart disease). All patients attended classes of special diabetes mellitus education in the Pathology Ward. Each patient underwent programmed control visits by obstetrician and diabetologist; metabolic therapy reached the level of near normoglycemia. In each case the time of delivery was selected individually. As result of such approach majority of patients gave natural birth. Only in 29 cases (16,6%) caesarean operation was performed. The reason for caesarean operation in 12 of the 29 cases was a previous operation of this kind. In the other 5 cases natural birth was impossible, because of the big foetus. Observation of the newborn babies during their first days of life showed that most of them suffered from the following complications: hypoglycaemia (39,8%), hyperbilirubinemia (25,1%), anaemia (12,9%) and hypocalcaemia (7%). All the babies being in generally good condition were discharged from the hospital on the 5th-10th day together with their mothers. It seems that such good results could obtained owing to special programme, which could by applied also in Regional Gynecological-Obstetrical Ward with help of a local diabetologist.
Correlation between inflammatory markers and insulin resistance in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia and systemic inflammation. We aimed to evaluate further lipid profile and inflammatory status assessed by high sensitive C-reactive protein (hsCRP) and TNF-α in GDM. Based on oral glucose tolerance testing, participants were stratified into three groups: normal 50 g glucose challenge test (GCT), normal 100 g glucose tolerance test (NOGTT) (control group) (n = 40); abnormal GCT NOGTT (glucose intolerance) (n = 37); and GDM (n = 39), defined by Carpenter and Coustan. The three groups did not demonstrate significantly different hsCRP levels (p = 0.4180) and lipid profile parameters, such as total cholesterol (p = 0.4210) and LDL-cholesterol (p = 0.4440) levels. Triglycerides (p = 0.0150) and atherogenic index of the plasma levels (p = 0.0280) were slightly higher in the GDM group. But, TNF-α levels increased significantly in the GDM (p < 0.0001) and in glucose intolerance (p = 0.0062) groups as compared with the control group. Among the metabolic syndrome components, insulin resistance was apparently associated with TNF-α, whereas dyslipidaemia was slightly associated with hsCRP because of the effects of maternal age on lipid markers. These findings suggest that TNF-α has a stronger correlation with pregnancy-associated insulin resistance than hsCRP at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation.
Maternal postload 1-hour glucose level during pregnancy and offspring's overweight/obesity status in preschool age.; BACKGROUND: Childhood obesity is associated with adverse outcomes such as metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Identifying risk factors related to excessive adiposity in early childhood is of great importance for obesity intervention. The results of studies for associations between maternal with gestational diabetes and offspring obesity are conflicting. Nonetheless, the association of maternal glucose across a spectrum of glucose values with childhood adiposity outcomes is less clear. AIM: To assess the association of maternal glucose across a spectrum of glucose values with childhood adiposity at age 5 years. METHODS: A population-based cohort study was conducted between 2011 and 2018. Using the healthcare records data were from the Medical Birth Registry in Xiamen, China. The primary outcome was offspring obese/obesity. Primary predictors were maternal oral glucose tolerance test values during pregnancy. RESULTS: 6090 mother-child pairs were analyzed. The mean age of the children at follow-up was 5.2 years. At multiple logistic regression, after adjustment for variables, including maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), birth weight of offspring, and insulin therapy, ORs for offspring overweight/obesity were 1.13 (95% CI 0.90 to 1.42) for maternal fasting glucose levels, 1.12 (95% CI 1.04 to 1.22) for 1-hour glucose, and 1.04 (95% CI 0.95 to 1.14) for 2-hour glucose. The adjusted association of offspring BMI Z-score with maternal 1-hour glucose level remained significant. There were no significant associations between BMI Z-score and maternal fasting glucose and 2-hour glucose level. Exploratory sex-specific analyses indicated generally consistent associations for boys and girls. CONCLUSION: Maternal postload 1-hour glucose across a spectrum of glucose values during pregnancy was an independent risk for offspring weight gain at age 5 years, indicating the importance of screen and management of maternal 1-hour glucose level, except for fasting glucose and 2-hour glucose level during pregnancy in order to prevent offspring weight gain in early childhood.
Nitric oxide reduces SLC29A1 promoter activity and adenosine transport involving transcription factor complex hCHOP-C/EBPalpha in human umbilical vein endothelial cells from gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Reduced expression of human equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 (hENT1) results from nitric oxide (NO)-dependent reduced SLC29A1 transcriptional activity in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from gestational diabetes. As expression of the transcription factor C/EBP homologous protein 10 (hCHOP, which forms heterodimers with C/EBPalpha transcription factor) is activated by NO and induced in diabetes mellitus, we hypothesize that hCHOP plays a role in the gestational diabetes-reduced hENT1 expression in HUVECs. METHODS AND RESULTS: HUVEC primary cultures from 42 normal and 42 gestational diabetic pregnancies were used for adenosine uptake assays. Real-time PCR (mRNA quantification), western blotting (protein abundance), and luciferase activity (SLC29A1 promoter activity) were used. hCHOP-C/EBPalpha activity was assayed by chromatin immunoprecipitation. Overlap extension mutagenesis was used to generate a mutated hCHOP-C/EBPalpha consensus site at the SLC29A1 promoter, and endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) siRNA recombinant adenovirus was used to knock down eNOS. hCHOP nuclear protein abundance and binding to DNA were higher in gestational diabetes, paralleled by reduced SLC29A1 promoter activity, hENT1 expression, and transport activity. These changes were blocked by hCHOP consensus sequence mutation (-1845G > T and -1844C > A), eNOS-siRNA-induced knockdown, and N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (NOS inhibitor), and were mimicked by S-nitroso-N-acetyl-L, D-penicillamine (NO donor) in cells from normal pregnancies. hCHOP and C/EBPalpha overexpression mimicked gestational diabetes effects in cells from normal pregnancies, but did not alter SLC29A1 promoter activity or hENT1-adenosine transport in cells from gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: The hCHOP-C/EBPalpha complex down-regulates SLC29A1 expression in an NO-dependent manner in HUVECs from gestational diabetes.
Risk for gestational diabetes and hypertension for women with twin pregnancy compared to singleton pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: This study was undertaken to determine the incidence of pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) and gestational diabetes (GDM) in twin pregnancies (TP) in comparison with singleton pregnancies (SP), and to test whether TP with GDM have a higher risk than TP without GDM, as is known to be the case in SP. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Eighty-nine patients with TP who sought prenatal care between 1 September 1994 and 30 October 1997, were asked to participate. One hundred and seventy-eight of the 1,416 patients were matched in a 1:2 ratio by age, body-mass-index, parity, gestational age at screening, and ethnicity with a singleton pregnancy from our database dating from the same period. The diagnosis "hypertension" or "preeclampsia" was made using clinical criteria including a repeated blood pressure above 140/90 mm Hg. Maternal and fetal outcome were compared between SP and TP, between TP with and without pathological screening, between TP with and without GDM. RESULTS: Patients with TP did not have a higher rate of GDM but of PIH (GDM 3.4% vs. 3.4%, p=0.63; PIH 2.8% vs. 9.0%, p=0.036). Expectant mothers of twins whose glucose screening test was pathological have a higher incidence of hypertension than those whose screening test was normal (17.9% vs. 4.9%, p=0.048). Twins of gestational diabetics have a higher rate of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit than twins of healthy pregnant patients (100% vs. 31%, p=0.028). CONCLUSIONS: TP are associated with a higher risk of hypertension than SP but not for GDM. Patients expecting twins who show a carbohydrate intolerance are at a higher risk for hypertension and fetal diabetes-associated complications.
Pregnancy complications and endometrial cancer in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome: a Korean National Health Insurance Service study.; OBJECTIVE: Polycystic ovarian syndrome is associated with diverse pregnancy related complications and endometrial cancer. However, research on the relationship between pregnancy complications and endometrial cancer in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome is scarce. We aimed to examine the association between gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension, and preterm birth and the risk of endometrial cancer in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome. METHODS: We analyzed data from the National Health Information Database established by the Korean National Health Insurance Service between January 2002 and December 2019. We included women with gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension, preterm birth, and endometrial cancer from among the polycystic ovarian syndrome population. All conditions were diagnosed according to the Korean Informative Classification of Diseases, 10th revision codes. Age, area of residence, income, body mass index, waist circumference, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, triglycerides, fasting blood sugar, and creatinine levels were included as covariates in the multiple logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Of 467 221 women with polycystic ovarian syndrome included, 5099 had endometrial cancer. Age, residence, income, body mass index, waist circumference, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, triglycerides, fasting blood sugar, and creatinine levels differed significantly between the endometrial cancer and non-endometrial cancer groups (p≤0.001-0.032). Among the polycystic ovarian syndrome population, the odds ratios (ORs) of endometrial cancer were 1.50, 1.43, and 1.23 in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension, and preterm birth, respectively, compared with those without a history of these conditions (OR 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.32 to 1.69, p<0.001; 1.43, 1.04 to 1.97, p=0.027; and 1.23, 1.05 to 1.45, p=0.011, respectively). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that a history of pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension, and preterm birth) increases the risk of endometrial cancer in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.
A prostacyclin analogue crosses the in vitro perfused human placenta and improves transfer in some pathologic states.; Placental blood flow is reduced in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal smoking, or diabetes. Umbilical-placental production of the potent vasodilator prostacyclin is also reduced in these pathologic states and this deficiency may contribute to an associated increase in the incidence of low infant birthweight by affecting a reduction in placental nutrient transfer. We have studied the effects of the prostacyclin analogue carbacyclin on diffusional transfer in the human placenta perfused in vitro. We have found that carbacyclin crosses the human placenta and can significantly increase diffusional transfer in placenta from pregnancies complicated by hypertension or maternal smoking and in the normal term placenta in which prostacyclin production has first been reduced through the administration of ibuprofen. Carbacyclin had no effect, however, in untreated placenta from normal pregnancies or in placenta from diabetic pregnancies. These results suggest that the prostacyclin-deficient perfused placenta may serve as a model for several placental insufficiency syndromes and that the possibility that prostacyclin analogues may improve deficient nutrient transfer in some pathologic pregnancies warrants further investigation.
Assessment of left ventricular systolic function in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy of gestational diabetes mellitus mothers using velocity vector imaging.; The aim of this study was to quantifiably assess left ventricular systolic function by velocity vector imaging (VVI) in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy born to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers. Ventricular images (4-chamber) from 60 normal fetuses and 32 GDM fetuses were selected. Myocardial global and segmental peak strain and systolic strain rates were obtained from VVI offline software. Ejection fraction (EF) was also measured to assess fetal cardiac function. EF of normal fetuses and GDM group were 65.55 ± 4.64% and 65.72 ± 4.92%. No difference was found in EF between the control group and GDM group. Global strain and strain rate of GDM groups were -13.74 ± 3.19% and -1.41 ± 0.54 s(-1), respectively and were found to be lower than the normal group (p < 0.05). Six different segmental peak strains and peak systolic strain rates had identical adjacent segments not only in the control group, but also in GDM fetuses. It was concluded that VVI could reflect fetal cardiac function sensitivity. Global strain and strain rate may be useful parameters for assessing the fetal myocardial systolic function in diabetic mothers.
[MATERNAL DIABETES MELLITUS AND ITS IMPACT ON CHILD NEURODEVELOPMENT; SYSTEMATIC REVIEW].; BACKGROUND: at present, diabetes has become a global health problem. The consequences that entails, both short and long term, do more studies and knowledge necessary for detection, control and treatment. Moreover, its prevalence is increasing in both the general population and pregnant women. Numerous effects and complications have been reported in infants of diabetic mothers, such as fetal macrosomia, hypoglycemia and increased risk of developing obesity. This condition could have negative effects on the neurological development of the child and could affect his intellectual capacity and increase cognitive impairment. AIMS: to analyze the studies which have investigated in the relationship between diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and its impact on child neurodevelopment short and long-term. METHODS: we performed a systematic search and 20 specific articles on the subject selected would be selected following the PRISMA guidelines. RESULTS: in the studies consulted include a large methodological variety in both instruments and cognitive assessment scales, as in the age at which the sample is studied. However, most researchers conclude that maternal diabetes can have consequences for the child, both short and long-term. A higher rate of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, cardiovascular and metabolic disorders and neurodevelopmental impairment is also described, which increase the neurobehavioral disorders and intellectual disability. CONCLUSIONS: most of the studies are agree in describing neurodevelopmental disorders in children of diabetic mothers, both in cognition and in the specific areas related to expressive language, social relations, graphical skills and psychomotor development. Other research has linked maternal diabetes with an increased incidence of autism spectrum disorders such as hyperactivity, attention deficits and schizophrenia.
Association of Obstetric and Neonatal Outcomes With Deviation From Guidelines for Gestational Carriers.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether deviation from American Society for Reproductive Medicine (ASRM) safety guidelines for women who are gestational carriers is associated with increased risk of severe obstetric and perinatal morbidity and mortality. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study of births from gestational carrier pregnancies in Utah from 2009 to 2018 with data collected from birth certificates. Deviations from ASRM guidelines include women aged younger than 21 years or older than 45 years, nulliparity, prior stillbirth, tobacco or percutaneous drug use, more than five prior deliveries, more than three prior cesarean deliveries, major comorbidities, and mental health conditions. The primary outcome was a composite of severe obstetric morbidity and mortality (death within 1 year of delivery; intensive care unit admission; eclampsia; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count (HELLP) syndrome; transfusion; unplanned hysterectomy). Secondary outcomes were cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery (analyzed per pregnancy), and a composite neonatal outcome. Associations were analyzed using descriptive statistics and multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: A total of 361 gestational carrier deliveries of 435 neonates were included in this analysis. Sixteen percent (58/361) of pregnancies did not meet guidelines. Rates of severe obstetric morbidity or mortality did not differ between gestational carrier pregnancies that deviated from guidelines and those that did not (1.7% for both, odds ratio [OR] 1.04, 95% CI 0.12-9.12). Rate of cesarean delivery was higher among pregnancies that deviated from guidelines (36.2% vs 23.4%, OR 1.85, 95% CI 1.02-3.37). Rates of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy did not differ. Preterm delivery was also more common among pregnancies that deviated from guidelines, particularly after controlling for multifetal gestation (36.2% vs 23.4%, adjusted OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.04-4.48). Neonatal complications were significantly more common in pregnancies that did not meet guidelines, even after adjusting for gestational age and multifetal gestation (adjusted OR 3.66, 95% CI 1.44-9.29). CONCLUSION: Nearly one in five gestational carrier pregnancies in this cohort did not meet ASRM guidelines. Deviation from guidelines is associated with increased rate of cesarean delivery, neonatal morbidity, and preterm birth. Future research should focus on the safety of women who are gestational carriers and on why deviation occurs.
Chronic hypertension related to risk for preterm and term small for gestational age births.; OBJECTIVE: Evidence relating chronic hypertension to risk of small for gestational age (SGA) births is conflicting. To identify factors associated with SGA that may involve a placental pathogenesis, we related chronic hypertension and other maternal factors that may be markers of endothelial dysfunction to preterm compared with term SGA births. METHODS: Chronic hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, age, and subfertility were related to risk of term and preterm SGA births in the Danish National Birth Cohort (N=81,008). Small for gestational age births were those with a birth weight adjusted for gestational age greater than two standard deviations below the mean based on fetal growth curves. RESULTS: Risk of preterm SGA increased 5.5-fold (95% confidence interval [CI] 3.2-9.4), and risk of term SGA increased 1.5-fold (1.0-2.2) among women with definite chronic hypertension. Risk of preterm SGA but not term SGA was increased among women younger than 20 (odds ratio [OR] 2.8, 95% CI 1.1-6.8) or older than 36 (OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.3-3.1) years of age and among those with at least two early spontaneous abortions (OR 2.0, CI 1.3-3.3). Smoking, parity, time to pregnancy greater than 12 months, and underweight status were similarly related to term and preterm SGA. Overweight status, obesity, and presence of diabetes were unrelated to either SGA subtype. CONCLUSION: Chronic hypertension, young or older maternal age, and recurrent early spontaneous abortions increased risk for preterm SGA. These factors may involve abnormal placentation and likely represent a pathogenesis distinct from that leading to term SGA.
Rates of diabetic retinopathy screening in pregnant patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes in a predominantly Indigenous Central Australian population.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy is a risk factor for the progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) in women with pre-gestational diabetes. Australian screening guidelines recommend DR screening in the first trimester of pregnancy. The rates of DR screening in pregnant patients with pre-gestational diabetes are unknown in Australia. AIM: To determine the rates of DR screening in pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes at Alice Springs Hospital Diabetes Antenatal Care and Education (DANCE) clinic. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective review of women with pre-gestational diabetes who attended the DANCE clinic between July 2016 and June 2020. RESULTS: There were 146 pregnancies in 144 individual women included in this review. There were 93% (n = 134) who identified as Aboriginal but not Torres Strait Islander. DR screening was performed in 23 (16%) pregnancies, in which DR was present in six (26%) and no retinal abnormality was found in 17 (74%). Of seven (5%) women who had a history of DR, only three had a screen during the pregnancy period. The location of the DR screen included Alice Springs Hospital (17%, n = 4), Alice Springs general practice clinics (35%, n = 8) and remote NT community clinics outside of Alice Springs (39%, n = 9). The trimesters in which women received their DR screens were: trimester 1, 45%, n = 10; trimester 2, 39%, n = 9; trimester 3, 17%, n = 4. CONCLUSION: The minority of pregnant women who attend the DANCE clinic at Alice Springs Hospital received DR screening in adherence with national guidelines.
Relationship between red cell distribution width and early renal injury in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Previous studies found that red cell distribution width was related to adverse cardiovascular events. However, few studies reported the relationship between red cell distribution width and early-stage renal injury in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Using a cross-sectional design, 334 pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus were enrolled according to the criterion of inclusion and exclusion. Demographic and clinical examination data were collected. Depended on the urine albumin, study population were divided into case group (n = 118) and control group (n = 216). Compared with control group, the case group tend to be higher red cell distribution width level (13.6 ± 0.9 vs.12.5 ± 0.6, p < 0.001). The red cell distribution width was positively associated with albuminuria creatinine ratio (r = 0.567, p < 0.001). Multiple logistic regressions showed that red cell distribution width was still associated with early-stage renal injury after adjusting for many other potential cofounders. Compared with the first quartile, the risk ratio of the second, the third and the fourth quartile were 1.38 (95%CI: 1.06-1.80), 1.57 (95%CI: 1.21-2.97), 2.71 (95%CI: 2.08-3.54), respectively. Besides, systolic blood pressure, estimated glomerular filtration rate, uric acid and blood urea nitrogen were also significantly associated with renal injury in gestational diabetes mellitus patients. The elevated red cell distribution width level might be a predictor of early-stage renal injury in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus. As an easy and routine examination index, red cell distribution width may provide better clinical guidance when combined with other important indices.
ACOG Practice Bulletin No. 201: Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Pregestational diabetes mellitus represents one of the most challenging medical complications of pregnancy because of the need for frequent monitoring and adjustment of medications as well as the potential for maternal and fetal complications. This document provides an overview of the current understanding of pregestational diabetes mellitus and suggests management guidelines during pregnancy. Because few well-designed studies have been performed, many of the guidelines are based on expert and consensus opinion. This document has been updated to reflect current data on pregestational diabetes. This Practice Bulletin is updated with summary information to counsel and manage women with pregestational diabetes before and during pregnancy, more recent literature reflecting experience with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion during pregnancy, an expanded section on the role of oral hypoglycemic agents in pregnancy, and the option of long-acting reversible contraception during the postpartum period.
Effects of diabetes and insulin resistance in pregnant rats on ex vivo vascular reaction to magnesium.; The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of diabetes and insulin resistance during pregnancy on the ex vivo vascular reaction to magnesium. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were made diabetic by intravenous injection of alloxan, or insulin resistant by fructose feeding. The rats were allowed to mate and sacrificed on Day 19 of pregnancy. Aortic rings were isolated and mounted in organ baths for measurement of isometric tension. The rings were contracted with 10(-7) M phenylephrine and cumulative concentration-response curves for magnesium (1-12 mM) were determined in the presence and absence of 10(-4) M Nomega-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME) or 10(-5) M indomethacin. The relaxation response to magnesium was significantly decreased in pregnant rats compared with non-pregnant rats. Pregnant rats with diabetes or insulin resistance had greater impairment in the relaxation responses to magnesium compared with normal pregnant rats. The effects of diabetes and insulin resistance on magnesium-induced relaxation in pregnant rats were not altered in the presence of L-NAME and indomethacin. The results suggest that diabetes and insulin resistance aggravate the alteration in magnesium-induced vascular relaxation observed in pregnancy, and this may be due in part to impairment to mechanisms other than the nitric oxide-cyclic guanosine monophosphate and cyclooxygenase pathways.
Evaluation of the relationship between HbA1c level and retina choroidal thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To investigate the effect of hemoglobin A1c level on central macular thickness and central, nasal, and temporal choroidal thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This retrospective study included 41 patients who had been diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and undergone a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. They were divided into two groups based on their hemoglobin A1c level (group 1: hemoglobin A1c <6.0% and group 2: hemoglobin A1c ≥6.0%). All patients underwent a complete ophthalmologic examination. The central macular thickness and central, nasal, and temporal choroidal thickness were measured using optical coherence tomography. RESULTS: Of the 3,016 pregnant women screened, 7.5% (n=228) were diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus during the study period and 41 of these patients were included in the study. Group 1 comprised 48 eyes from 24 patients and Group 2 consisted of 34 eyes of 17 patients. The average body mass index values were 30.8 ± 3.3 and 35.1 ± 9.0, respectively (p=0.002). The insulin use rates were 29.2% and 76.5%, respectively (p=0.000). Mean central macular thickness values were 250.8 ± 14.3 µm and 260.9 ± 18.1 µm, respectively, and the difference was significant (p=0.008). CONCLUSIONS: Although the body mass index and central macular thickness values were significantly higher in Group 2, there was no difference in the central, nasal, and temporal choroidal thickness between the two groups.
[Effect of pregnancy on diabetic vascular complications].; OBJECTIVES: There are still controversies referring to pregnancy influence on the development of vascular complications in type 1 diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 227 diabetic women were taken into the study (109 who gave at least one birth (GB) and 118, who never were pregnant (NB)). All of patients started to be diabetic before the 15 years of age. We compared the development of vascular complications (VC) (hypertension-RR, proteinuria (P), retinopathy (R) and the age of patients, HbA1C, serum creatinine (Cr), creatinine clearance (CrCl) between the GB and NB groups. We also compared the development of VC in relation to risk factors (RF): HbA1c and duration of diabetes. RESULTS: Women who gave birth were significantly older and developed diabetes earlier than childless women. We didn't find any significant difference in duration of diabetes, HbA1c, mean blood pressure (BP), Cr and CrCl between these two groups. In the GB group in comparison to NB we noticed higher frequency of RR (11.1% vs 6.8%, OR 1.7), proliferative retinopathy (9% vs 6.8%, OR 1.4) and laser therapy (5.5% vs 3.4%, OR 1.6). In the next step we analyzed the development of VC in relation to risk factors: duration of diabetes (less or more than 20 years) and HbA1c levels (below and above 8.0%). Patients, who developed diabetes before 20 years of age were significantly older (36.3 vs 31.2 years p < 0.001), duration of diabetes in this group was longer (26 vs 14 years p < 0.001), Cr was higher (0.9 mg/dl vs 0.8 mg/dl p < 0.05)and CrCl was lower (73 mg/ml vs 86 mg/ml p < 0.05). In this group the frequency of proteinuria as well as retinopathy were higher (18.2% vs 7.9%, OR 2.59) (52% vs 9.2%, OR 10.6). We didn't find the difference in HbA1c concentration between the groups with different duration of diabetes. Higher HbA1c presented no relation to the age of patients, but correlated with lower frequency of patients without retinopathy (60.3% vs 66% OR 0.68). In this group laser therapy had to be performed more frequent (6.8% vs 1.8% OR 6.1). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in diabetic patients with good metabolic control doesn't seem to be a risk factor for developing vascular complications. These complications are still strongly correlated with duration of diabetes.
The thermic response to food is related to sensitivity to adrenaline in a group at risk for the development of type II diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To analyze whether a decreased sensitivity to adrenaline in women with earlier gestational diabetes (GDM) explains the impairment in the thermogenic response to food (=post-prandial thermogenesis (PPT)) that is observed in these women at future risk of obesity and type II diabetes. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Ten normal-weight women with previous GDM and 10 controls matched for body weight, all with normal glucose tolerance, had insulin sensitivity, PPT and the thermogenic response to an adrenaline infusion measured. RESULTS: Insulin sensitivity was similar in the previous GDM compared with control groups: (mean+/-s.e.m.) 29.1+/-3.2 vs 30.9+/-1.6 mg/l/min. The early (0-30 min) PPT response was diminished and delayed in women with previous GDM compared with controls: (10+/-2 vs 15+/-1 kJ, P=0.04); time constant for PPT (median (interquartile range)) (57 (47-79) vs 29 (25-49) min, P=0.01). The overall PPT response and the thermogenic response to adrenaline were not significantly different between the groups. The 30 min and 2 h PPT response correlated positively and significantly with the increment in energy expenditure as a result of the adrenaline infusion (rho=+0.65; P=0.04 and rho=+0.71; P=0.02, respectively) in women with previous GDM only. There was no correlation between adrenaline and insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence of diminished adrenaline sensitivity but a positive relationship exists between PPT and sensitivity to adrenaline in women with previous GDM. The mechanism is not mediated through insulin resistance. This relationship may predispose these normal-weight at-risk women to future weight gain.
Determinants of progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; AIMS: To assess the rate of diabetic retinopathy (DR) progression in an Australian cohort and to identify the determinants of DR progression in pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 367 pregnancies of women with Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus attending King Edward Memorial Hospital, Western Australia, between June 2020 and July 2023 were included. These women were screened for the presence and severity of DR in the first trimester and/or at 28-32 weeks gestation via retinal imaging with a DRS camera. RESULTS: DR was seen in 121 (33 %) pregnancies at baseline and DR progression was seen in 62 (17 %) pregnancies. Only 11 (4 %) women with no baseline DR developed DR and none of these progressed to more than moderate non-proliferative DR. A total of 51 (42 %) women with baseline DR had DR progression. The presence of baseline DR was the only significant predictor for DR progression on multivariate analysis (OR 9.88 (4.43-22.07), p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Women without DR at baseline are unlikely to progress to more severe forms of DR and usually do not require treatment. The presence of DR at baseline screening during pregnancy is a strong predictor of DR progression during pregnancy.
Interventricular septal thickness in fetuses of diabetic mothers.; Sixty-four diabetic women had their fetuses studied by M-mode echocardiogram between 20-41 weeks of gestation. The mean septal size during both diastole and systole increased in a linear fashion with advancing gestational age in both the normal and diabetic groups. Ventricular septal hypertrophy (ie, more than 2 standard deviations above the normal mean) was present in 48 of 64 (75%) of the fetuses of diabetic women. The ratio of septal size to the anteroposterior cardiac dimension was significantly greater in the diabetic than in the normal group (12 versus 8%; P less than .05). The anteroposterior cardiac dimension indexed to the estimated fetal weight was also greater in the diabetic group. Because both septum and cardiac dimension are larger with maternal diabetes, there may be a specific diabetic cardiomyopathy that originates in utero.
Placental Galectin-2 Expression in Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic, Histological Analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy-associated metabolic disorder that negatively impacts on the health of both mothers and their offspring in the long-term. The molecular mechanisms involved are not fully understood. As in other states of insulin resistance, a disproportionate immune response in GDM leads to a state of chronic low-grade inflammation. Galectin-2 exerts regulatory effects on different immune cells. This study investigated galectin-2 expression in the placenta of 40 GDM patients and 40 controls, in a sex-specific manner. Immunohistochemistry was used for semi-quantitative analysis of expression strength. The phenotypes of galectin-2 expressing cells were characterized through double immunofluorescence. We found a significant up-regulation of galectin-2 in the fetal syncytiotrophoblast, as well as in the maternal decidua of GDM placentas. Double staining showed a strong galectin-2 expression in extra villous trophoblast cells and fetal endothelial cells in GDM. These findings present the first systematic investigation of galectin-2 in GDM. The findings contribute to the emerging understanding of the role of immunomodulation and inflammation in GDM and of galectin-2 itself. This might also have implications for the long-term cardiovascular health of the offspring.
Consequences of gestational diabetes to the brain and behavior of the offspring.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GD) is a form of insulin resistance triggered during the second/third trimesters of pregnancy in previously normoglycemic women. It is currently estimated that 10% of all pregnancies in the United States show this condition. For many years, the transient nature of GD has led researchers and physicians to assume that long-term consequences were absent. However, GD diagnosis leads to a six-fold increase in the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) in women and incidence of obesity and T2D is also higher among their infants. Recent and concerning evidences point to detrimental effects of GD on the behavior and cognition of the offspring, which often persist until adolescence or adulthood. Considering that the perinatal period is critical for determination of adult behavior, it is expected that the intra-uterine exposure to hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia and pro-inflammatory mediators, hallmark features of GD, might affect brain development. Here, we review early clinical and experimental evidence linking GD to consequences on the behavior of the offspring, focusing on memory and mood disorders. We also discuss initial evidence suggesting that downregulation of insulin signaling cascades are seen in the brains of GD offspring and could contribute to the consequences on their behavior.
Sleep disorders in pregnancy and their association with pregnancy outcomes: a prospective observational study.; PURPOSE: Sleep disturbances such as insomnia, nocturnal awakenings, restless legs syndrome, habitual snoring, and excessive daytime sleepiness are frequent during pregnancy, and these have been linked to adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. METHODS: A prospective observational study was performed in high-risk Indian pregnant women. We used modified Berlin questionnaire (MBQ), Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI), International Restless Legs Syndrome Study Group 2011 criteria, and Epworth sleepiness scale to diagnose various sleep disorders, such as symptomatic OSA, poor sleep quality and insomnia, RLS, and excessive daytime sleepiness, respectively, in successive trimesters of pregnancy. Outcome variables of interest were development of gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and cesarean delivery (CS); the Apgar scores; and low birth weight (LBW). The relationship between sleep disorders and outcomes was explored using logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Outcome data were obtained in 209 deliveries. As compared to nonsnorers, women who reported snoring once, twice, and thrice or more had odds ratios for developing GH-4.0 (95 % CI 1.3-11.9), 1.5 (95 % CI 0.5-4.5), and 2.9 (95 % CI 1.0-8.2) and for undergoing CS-5.3 (95 % CI 1.7-16.3), 4.9 (95 % CI 1.8-13.1), and 5.1 (95 % CI 1.9-14.9), respectively. Pregnant women who were persistently positive on MBQ had increased odds for GH and CS. CONCLUSIONS: Snoring and high-risk MBQ in pregnant women are strong risk factors for GH and CS. In view of the significant morbidity and health care costs, simple screening of pregnant women with questionnaires such as MBQ may have clinical utility.
Does pregnancy accelerate the rate of progression of diabetic retinopathy?: an update.; Pregnancy may be associated with several ocular changes, including the development of new ocular conditions or modifications of existing conditions. The most common ocular condition modified by pregnancy is diabetic retinopathy. Pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of development and progression of diabetic retinopathy. The factors associated with its progression include the pregnant state itself, duration of diabetes, amount of retinopathy at conception, blood glucose control, and the presence of coexisting hypertension. Although the rate of regression of diabetic retinopathy at the end of pregnancy or the postpartum period is high, careful monitoring of these patients is necessary to optimize the vision and pregnancy outcomes.
[Disorders of glucose tolerance among women with pregnancy induced hypertension].; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes is observed to coexist with pregnancy induced hypertension. Insulin resistance might be associated with both of these diseases. DESIGN: To assess the association between glucose intolerance and subsequent development of hypertension in pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Glucose levels at the time of routine screening for gestational diabetes among 79 women with pregnancy induced hypertension and 79 normotensive women have been compared. RESULTS: Hypertensive women were statistically more often obese, their pregravid BMIs were greater and their pregnancy weight gain was higher. Among hypertensive women gestational diabetes has been more often diagnosed. As compared with normotensive, women developing PIH had significantly higher glucose levels after 50 g and 75 g of glucose load. CONCLUSIONS: Women with pregnancy induced hypertension are at increased risk of gestational diabetes. Even within the normal range, levels of plasma glucose levels were higher among hypertensive women.
Effects of Mindfulness-Based Interventions on Cardiometabolic-Related Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Growing evidence suggests maternal stress contributes to the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes that are associated with cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk in birthing persons. Mindfulness-based interventions may positively affect psychological stress in pregnancy and, in turn, reduce stress. However, few study authors have examined the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on adverse pregnancy outcomes that heighten cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to appraise available literature examining the effects of mindfulness-based interventions delivered during pregnancy on adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with future cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease risk. METHODS: In this systematic review, multiple electronic databases were searched using major keywords, including "mindfulness-based intervention," "pregnancy," "preterm delivery," "gestational diabetes," "small for gestational age," "preeclampsia," and "hypertension in pregnancy" during February 2023. RESULTS: Six studies using mindfulness-based interventions during pregnancy were included. The review indicated that these interventions were largely effective at reducing prenatal stress; however, the overall effects of interventions were mixed concerning their impact on pregnancy complications. Study authors examining the effects on gestational diabetes-related outcomes reported significant improvements in blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A 1c , and oral glucose tolerance. Outcomes were mixed or inconclusive related to the effects of interventions on the incidence of preterm birth, birth of a small-for-gestational-age newborn, and preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Mitigating cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk-associated adverse pregnancy outcomes through mindfulness-based approaches may represent an emerging field of study. The few studies and limited, mixed findings synthesized in this review indicate that high-validity studies are warranted to examine the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on pregnancy complications that contribute to cardiovascular-related maternal morbidity and suboptimal life course health for diverse birthing persons.
Medical complications of obesity.; Obesity leads to several complications that affect many body systems. This paper focuses mainly on the cardiovascular complications, which include coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular disease and stroke, and congestive heart failure; the last may be secondary not only to advanced coronary atherosclerosis, but also to other pathogenetic factors. The increased frequency of coronary heart disease in the obese is largely attributable to the commonly associated hypertension, diabetes mellitus and lipoprotein abnormalities, rather than the adiposity. The lipoprotein disorders that have a role in atherogenesis are decreased plasma concentrations of high-density lipoproteins and elevated plasma concentrations of low-density lipoproteins. Abnormalities in cholesterol metabolism are responsible for the increased frequency of cholelithiasis in obese persons. The factors that mediate the development of cardiovascular and gallbladder complications are correctable by an appropriate program of meal planning and physical activity.
Antepartum heart rate testing in diabetic pregnancy.; Fetal death in utero remains a significant contributor to diabetics' perinatal mortality despite the reassuring results of antepartum heart rate testing. We retrospectively reviewed 48 pregnancies (one set of twins) of class B-F diabetic women with a reactive nonstress test (NST) or a negative contraction stress test (CST) within one week of delivery. Four fetal deaths occurred four to seven days after the test; no fetal deaths occurred within three days of it. We advocate initial screening with the NST, followed by a CST if the NST is nonreactive. Testing should be done more often than weekly.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 and AGEs are associated with cardiovascular risk factors in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Although most women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) return to normal glucose tolerance after delivery, they have increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases. This study aimed to evaluate the relationships between plasma levels of Lp-pla2 and AGEs and cardiometabolic risk factors in women with GDM. METHODS: 190 women with GDM (cases) and 80 healthy women (controls) were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data were collected and analyzed about 2 years after the delivery. RESULTS: Of the 190 cases, 19 (10%), 38 (20%) and 10 (5%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and hypertension after delivery, respectively. There were significant differences in variables between cases and controls: Lp-pla2 (pg/mL) 1991.5 ± 905.3 versus 1527.0 ± 799.8; AGEs (ng/mL) 403.0 ± 208.6 versus 321.8 ± 150.3. The plasma Lp-pla2 and AGEs levels were positively correlated with metabolic indexes in women with previous GDM. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have increased risk of cardiometabolic disease. AGEs and Lp-pla2 could be utilized as novel biomarkers to identify at an early stage of women with increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
The STOP-NIDDM Trial: an international study on the efficacy of an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor to prevent type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance: rationale, design, and preliminary screening data. Study to Prevent Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the rationale and design, and to discuss the preliminary screening data, of the Study to Prevent NIDDM (STOP-NIDDM Trial), an international study on the efficacy of the alpha-glucosidase inhibitor acarbose in preventing or delaying the development of type 2 diabetes in a population with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,418 subjects diagnosed with IGT according to the World Health Organization's criteria and having a fasting plasma glucose concentration > or =5.6 mmol/L were randomized in a double-blind fashion to receive either acarbose (100 mg t.i.d.) or placebo for a predictive median follow-up period of 3.9 years. The primary outcome is the development of type 2 diabetes diagnosed using a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test according to the new criteria. The secondary outcomes are changes in blood pressure, lipid profile, insulin sensitivity, cardiovascular events, and morphometric profile. RESULTS: Screening was performed in a high-risk population. As of 1 March 1997, 4,424 subjects had been screened, and data were available for 3,919 (88.5%) subjects. Of these subjects, 1,200 (30.6%) had glucose intolerance. Of the subjects with glucose intolerance, 521 (13.3%) had previously undetected type 2 diabetes, and 679 (17.3%) had IGT. Of the IGT population, 412 (60.7%) subjects were eligible for the study This population had the following characteristics: the mean age was 54.8 years, 52% of the subjects were female, 53% had more than one risk factor for type 2 diabetes, >90% had a family history of diabetes, 78.2% had a BMI > or =27 kg/m2, 47.5% had high blood pressure, 51.2% had dyslipidemia, and 22.8% of the women had a history of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Screening of a high-risk population yields one eligible subject per every 10 volunteers screened. This study should definitely answer the question of whether acarbose can prevent or delay the progression of IGT to type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Oral probiotics increased the proportion of Treg, Tfr, and Breg cells to inhibit the inflammatory response and impede gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more prone to acquire type 2 diabetes and obesity as adults. Due to this link, early intervention strategies that alter the gut microbiome may benefit the mother and kid long-term. This work uses metagenomic and transcriptome sequencing to investigate how probiotics affect gut microbiota dysbiosis and inflammation in GDM. METHODS: GDM and control metagenomic sequencing data were obtained from the SRA database. This metagenomic data helped us understand gut microbiota abundance and function. KEGG detected and extracted functional pathway genes. Transcriptome sequencing data evaluated GDM-related gene expression. Finally, GDM animal models were given probiotics orally to evaluate inflammatory response, regulatory immune cell fractions, and leptin protein levels. RESULTS: GDM patients had more Fusobacteria and Firmicutes, while healthy people had more Bacteroidetes. Gut microbiota composition may affect GDM by altering the L-aspartate and L-asparagine super pathways. Mannan degradation and the super pathway of L-aspartate and L-asparagine synthesis enhanced in GDM mice with leptin protein overexpression. Oral probiotics prevent GDM by lowering leptin. Oral probiotics increased Treg, Tfr, and Breg cells, which decreased TNF-α and IL-6 and increased TGF-β and IL-10, preventing inflammation and preserving mouse pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Dysbiosis of the gut microbiota may increase leptin expression and cause GDM. Oral probiotics enhance Treg, Tfr, and Breg cells, which limit the inflammatory response and assist mice in sustaining normal pregnancy. Thus, oral probiotics may prevent GDM, enabling targeted gut microbiota modulation and maternal and fetal health.
Maternal obesity causes fetal cardiac hypertrophy and alters adult offspring myocardial metabolism in mice.; Obesity in pregnant women causes fetal cardiac dysfunction and increases offspring cardiovascular disease risk, but its effect on myocardial metabolism is unknown. We hypothesized that maternal obesity alters fetal cardiac expression of metabolism-related genes and shifts offspring myocardial substrate preference from glucose towards lipids. Female mice were fed control or obesogenic diets before and during pregnancy. Fetal hearts were studied in late gestation (embryonic day (E) 18.5; term ≈ E21), and offspring were studied at 3, 6, 9 or 24 months postnatally. Maternal obesity increased heart weight and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma (Pparg) expression in female and male fetuses and caused left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in the adult offspring. Cardiac dysfunction worsened progressively with age in female, but not male, offspring of obese dams, in comparison to age-matched control animals. In 6-month-old offspring, exposure to maternal obesity increased cardiac palmitoyl carnitine-supported mitochondrial respiration in males and reduced myocardial (18) F-fluorodeoxyglucose uptake in females. Cardiac Pparg expression remained higher in adult offspring of obese dams than control dams and was correlated with contractile and metabolic function. Maternal obesity did not affect cardiac palmitoyl carnitine respiration in females or (18) F-fluorodeoxyglucose uptake in males and did not alter cardiac (3) H-oleic acid uptake, pyruvate respiration, lipid content or fatty acid/glucose transporter abundance in offspring of either sex. The results support our hypothesis and show that maternal obesity affects offspring cardiac metabolism in a sex-dependent manner. Persistent upregulation of Pparg expression in response to overnutrition in utero might underpin programmed cardiac impairments mechanistically and contribute to cardiovascular disease risk in children of women with obesity. KEY POINTS: Obesity in pregnant women causes cardiac dysfunction in the fetus and increases lifelong cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring. In this study, we showed that maternal obesity in mice induces hypertrophy of the fetal heart in association with altered expression of genes related to nutrient metabolism. Maternal obesity also alters cardiac metabolism of carbohydrates and lipids in the adult offspring. The results suggest that overnutrition in utero might contribute to increased cardiovascular disease risk in children of women with obesity.
The impact of gestational diabetes on the development of fetal frontal lobe: A case-control study from a tertiary center.; PURPOSE: To determine the effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal frontal lobe development. METHODS: This study was conducted prospectively between May 2023 and August 2023 in Ankara City Hospital perinatology clinic. Maternal age, maternal body mass index (BMI), gestational week (GW), biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), femur length (FL), estimated fetal weight (EFW), frontal antero-posterior diameter (FAPD), occipito-frontal diameter (OFD), FAPD/OFD ratio, and FAPD/HC ratio, were compared between GDM (n = 40) and low risk controls (n = 56). RESULTS: The mean maternal age was found higher in the GDM group compared to control group (p = 0.002). Maternal BMI was significantly higher in the GDM group than the control group (p = 0.01). Abdominal circumference (AC) was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to control group (p = 0.04). EFW was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to control group (p = 0.04). FAPD/OFD ratio was found to be higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p = 0.001). Among GDM patients, no statistically significant difference was found in the ultrasound measurements between the groups receiving insulin treatment and those without treatment. According to the correlation analysis results a moderate, positive, and statistically significant correlation was present between FAPD/OFD and GDM. In perinatal outcomes, the rate of neonatal intensive care unit admission was significantly higher in the GDM group. DISCUSSION: Fetal frontal lobe development seems to be affected by GDM.
Platelet counts affect the association between hyperhomocysteinemia and pregnancy complications.; BACKGROUND: The joint effect of platelet and other modifiers on the risk of pregnancy complications is unknown. This study investigated whether platelet count (PC) and total homocysteine (tHcy) level have a synergistic effect on the incidence of pregnancy complications in a Chinese population. METHODS: Total 11,553 consecutive pregnant women who received whole blood cell and biochemical tests at the time of admission for labor in Changzhou Maternal and Child Health Care Hospital were analyzed. The primary outcome was the prevalence of pregnancy complications: gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), pre-eclampsia (PE), and pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH). RESULTS: The prevalence of GDM, ICP, PE, and PIH was 8.4%, 6.2%, 3.4%, and 2.1%, respectively. The highest rate of ICP (28.6%) was observed in women with high tHcy (> 15 μmol/L) and low PC (quartile 1); and the lowest rate of GDM (0.6%) was found in women with high tHcy and high PC (quartiles 2 to 4). In low PC group, the prevalence of ICP in women with high tHcy was significantly higher than that in women with low tHcy (≤ 15 μmol/L) (28.6% vs. 8.4%), representing an absolute risk increment of 20.2% and a relative risk increment of 3.3-fold (OR: 3.34; 95% CI: 1.55, 7.17; P = 0.002), whereas no joint effect was observed among high PC group. CONCLUSIONS: Among Chinese pregnant women, one subgroup (high tHcy and low PC) has the highest risk of ICP and another (high tHcy and high PC) has the lowest risk of GDM; tHcy and platelet could be used as indicators to identify the women with high risk of ICP or low risk of GDM.
Challenges of Takayasu Arteritis in Pregnancy: A Case Report.; Takayasu arteritis is a rare, chronic vasculitis of unknown etiology characterized by inflammation of the aorta and its main branches. Although Takayasu arteritis mostly affects women of childbearing age, there is a paucity in the literature on pregnancy associated with Takayasu arteritis. Pregnant patients are at increased risk of cardiovascular complications, including hypertension and congestive heart failure, which may jeopardize both maternal and fetal outcomes. Furthermore, optimal management has not yet been established for pregnant patients with Takayasu arteritis, posing a clinical challenge. We present a case of a young woman with Takayasu arteritis whose symptoms and disease activity improved during 2 pregnancies. Although her first pregnancy was complicated with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm vaginal delivery, her second pregnancy was uneventful. This case provides a rare glimpse of Takayasu arteritis in pregnancy and highlights the challenges of medical management in gravid patients.
Increasing prevalence of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-related hypertension in Los Angeles County, California, 1991-2003.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes and pregnancy-related hypertension can lead to adverse health effects in mothers and infants. We assessed recent trends in the rates of these conditions in Los Angeles County, California. METHODS: Hospital discharge data were used to identify all women aged 15-54 years who resided in the county, had a singleton delivery from 1991 through 2003, and had gestational diabetes or pregnancy-related hypertension listed as a discharge diagnosis at the time of delivery. The prevalence of each condition was calculated by calendar year, race/ethnicity, and age group. Temporal trends in the rates were assessed by using negative binomial regression models, controlling for race/ethnicity and age. Separate models were run for each racial/ethnic and age group. RESULTS: The age-adjusted prevalence of gestational diabetes increased more than threefold (from 14.5 cases per 1000 women in 1991 to 47.9 cases per 1000 in 2003). The age-adjusted prevalence of pregnancy-related hypertension also increased (from 40.5 cases per 1000 in 1991 to 54.4 cases per 1000 in 2003). In the multivariable regression analysis, the annual rate increase for gestational diabetes was 8.3% overall and was highest among Hispanics (9.9%). The annual rate increase for pregnancy-related hypertension was 2.8% overall and was highest among blacks (4.8%). CONCLUSION: The rates of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-related hypertension are increasing in Los Angeles County. Further research is needed to determine the causes of the observed increases and the growing racial/ethnic disparities in those rates.
Group Prenatal Care and Maternal Outcomes: A Scoping Review.; PURPOSE: The objective of this study was to examine the current state of literature on group prenatal care and its impact on maternal outcomes and racial disparities in adverse maternal outcomes. DESIGN: We conducted a scoping review of literature published between January 2010 and December 2020 using the PRISMA-ScR reporting checklist. METHODS: Eligible studies were identified using key words and MeSH terms in PubMed, CINAHL, and Web of Science. Inclusion criteria were studies that were (a) conducted in the United States; (b) published between January 2010 and December 2020; (c) in English; (d) focused on the primary investigation of group prenatal care and reporting on maternal comorbidity outcomes; and (e) an observational study or clinical trial. RESULTS: Nine studies met inclusion criteria. They reported on outcomes of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, final A1C among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, and postpartum hemorrhage. None reported on racial disparities for minoritized populations. Among all reported maternal outcomes, results were mixed, providing inconclusive evidence. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: Outcomes from group prenatal care focus more on neonatal outcomes than maternal outcomes. More studies are needed with stronger designs. Given pervasive racial disparities in U.S. maternal mortality, future studies should assess how group prenatal care participation may contribute to fewer experiences of racial discrimination and implicit bias for Black women in maternity care.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors: A Prospective Women's Heart Clinic Study.; Background Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and having a small-for-gestational-age baby are known to substantially increase a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease. Despite this, evidence for models of care that mitigate cardiovascular disease risk in women with these pregnancy-related conditions is lacking. Methods and Results A 6-month prospective cohort study assessed the effectiveness of a multidisciplinary Women's Heart Clinic on blood pressure and lipid control in women aged 30 to 55 years with a past pregnancy diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, or a small-for-gestational age baby in Melbourne, Australia. The co-primary end points were (1) blood pressure <140/90 mm Hg or <130/80 mm Hg if diabetes and (2) total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio <4.5. The study recruited 156 women with a mean age of 41.0±4.2 years, 3.9±2.9 years from last delivery, 68.6% White, 20.5% South/East Asian, and 80.5% university-educated. The proportion meeting blood pressure target increased (69.2% to 80.5%, P=0.004), with no significant change in lipid targets (80.6% to 83.7%, P=0.182). Systolic blood pressure (-6.9 mm Hg [95% CI, -9.1 to -4.7], P<0.001), body mass index (-0.6 kg/m(2) [95% CI, -0.8 to -0.3], P<0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-4.2 mg/dL [95% CI, -8.2 to -0.2], P=0.042), and total cholesterol (-4.6 mg/dL [95% CI, -9.1 to -0.2] P=0.042) reduced. Heart-healthy lifestyle significantly improved with increased fish/olive oil (36.5% to 51.0%, P=0.012), decreased fast food consumption (33.8% to 11.0%, P<0.001), and increased physical activity (84.0% to 92.9%, P=0.025). Conclusions Women at high risk for cardiovascular disease due to past pregnancy-related conditions experienced significant improvements in multiple cardiovascular risk factors after attending a Women's Heart Clinic, potentially improving long-term cardiovascular disease outcomes. Registration URL: https://www.anzctr.org.au; Unique identifier: ACTRN12622000646741.
Diabetes revealed: multisystem danger.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this article is to review the role of diagnostic imaging in the evaluation of women with diabetes. CONCLUSION: Diabetic patients present a challenging population for the performance of various imaging studies and special considerations need to be made to obtain adequate studies. Imaging plays a significant role in assessing the multisystem morbidity of diabetes. Furthermore, diabetes in women may have some unique features and consequences and imaging studies can aid in the correct management of these patients.
Gestational and Postpartum Complications in Patients with First Trimester Thyrotoxicosis: A Prospective Multicenter Cohort Study from Northeast China.; Objective: Gestational transient thyrotoxicosis (GTT) and Graves' disease (GD) are the most common causes of hyperthyroidism during pregnancy. However, few studies have compared pregnancy outcomes of patients who had GTT with those who had GD in the first trimester of pregnancy. Methods: We conducted a prospective multicenter cohort study in China. Participants received questionnaires, physical examinations, and underwent measurements of thyrotropin (TSH), free thyroxine (fT4), thyroid peroxidase antibody (TPOAb), TSH receptor antibody (TRAb), and urinary iodine in the first trimester. The patients diagnosed with either GTT or GD and normal thyroid function (NTF) group were followed until delivery. The thyroid function and pregnancy outcomes were reported. Results: A total of 125 pregnant women with thyrotoxicosis and 246 age-matched pregnant women with NTF were included. (1) The thyroid function of the GTT group returned to normal range in the third trimester, but was consistently abnormal in the GD group. (2) The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the GTT group (11.5%, 9/78) was significantly higher than that in NTF group (4.9%, 12/246) (p = 0.037). The incidence of premature delivery in the GD untreated (30.8%, 8/26, p = 0.002) and treated groups (28.6%, 6/21, p = 0.008) was both, respectively, higher than that in the NTF group (7.7%, 19/246). Miscarriage (15.4%, 4/26 vs. 3.7%, 9/246, p = 0.026) and gestational hypertension (19.2%, 5/26 vs. 3.3%, 8/246, p = 0.004) were more prevalent in the GD untreated group than in the NTF group. (3) The presence of positive TRAb and positive TPOAb in the first trimester were independent risk factors for miscarriage (odds ratio [OR] = 5.23, confidence interval [CI] = 1.11-24.78, p = 0.037) and low birth weight infants (OR = 7.76, CI = 1.23-48.86, p = 0.029), respectively. Conclusion: In conclusion, pregnancy outcomes appear variable, according to the etiology of first trimester thyrotoxicosis. GTT appears to be associated with GDM. GD appears to be associated with an increased risk of premature delivery, gestational hypertension, and miscarriage. The diagnosis of GTT and GD patients during early pregnancy and appropriate treatment of GD patients may be associated with improved pregnancy outcomes.
The detection of autoantibodies to pancreatic islet cells by immunoenzyme histochemistry.; Using horseradish peroxidase- or alkaline phosphatase-conjugated secondary antibodies, an immunohistochemical assay was established for the detection of islet cell cytoplasmic antibodies (ICA). Determination of end-point titers showed a significant correlation between the conventional immunofluorescence and either immunocytochemistry assay. The assays with the enzyme-conjugated antibodies were more sensitive than the indirect immunofluorescence assay. Because of its simplicity, specificity, and easy microscopic evaluation of the chromogenic reaction product at the site of ICA binding, the indirect immunoperoxidase technique proved to be most suitable. This technique detected frequencies of ICA positives among newly diagnosed insulin-dependent (IDDM), noninsulin-dependent, and at-risk subjects that were comparable with previous studies. Preabsorption of ICA-positive sera with either rat or porcine brain extracts, containing the glutamate decarboxylase antigen, differently blocked, reduced or did not affect ICA reactivity with human or porcine pancreas sections. Testing of sera on human, bovine, and porcine pancreas sections demonstrated heterogeneity in ICA-binding with a high proportion of ICA false-positives on bovine pancreas. The results demonstrated that immunohistochemical techniques for detecting ICA are, in several aspects, preferable to indirect immunofluorescence and that individual serum ICA identify various antigens on pancreas from different species. However, bovine or porcine pancreas could not substitute for human pancreas in the ICA assay.
Diabetic retinopathy.; This review suggests the following risk factors which accelerate the natural progression of retinopathy during pregnancy: 1. Pregnancy per se is an independent risk factor which accelerates retinopathy. 2. Hypertension potentiates this acceleration. 3. Hyperglycemia also potentiates this acceleration. 4. The duration of diabetes and state of the retina at the beginning of the pregnancy influences the rate of acceleration. 5. Rapid normalization of blood glucose accelerates the progression of retinopathy. Prudent therapy would suggest that a pregnancy be planned to be able to normalize the blood glucose slowly (over 6-8 months) before conception. In addition, although there are no clinical trials, photocoagulation treatment should be according to the recommendations of the Diabetic Retinopathy Study despite the possibility that retinopathy may regress spontaneously postpartum. Unfortunately, clinicians often are faced with a fait accompli--the diabetic woman with retinopathy presents already pregnant. In this circumstance, we would recommend acute normalization of blood glucose with intensive surveillance of the retinal status and aggressive retinal treatment as necessary.
Nephrolithiasis during pregnancy: characteristics, complications, and pregnancy outcome.; PURPOSE: To evaluate obstetric complications and birth outcome in pregnant women with nephrolithiasis. METHODS: A retrospective population-based study comparing all pregnancies of women with and without nephrolithiasis between 1989 and 2010 was conducted. Clinical characteristics were compared, and the obstetric risk factors and labor complication were analyzed. Multivariable logistic regression models were constructed in order to identify independent risk factors for nephrolithiasis. RESULTS: During the study period, there were 219,656 deliveries, of which 195 women with nephrolithiasis were identified. Nephrolithiasis in pregnant women was significantly associated with recurrent abortions, mild preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and cesarean deliveries. Nephrolithiasis was also significantly associated with urinary tract infections, pyelonephritis, hydronephrosis, and hydroureter. Nevertheless, no higher rates of premature rupture of membranes, preterm deliveries, or adverse perinatal outcomes (birth weight, Apgar scores or perinatal mortality) were noted in patients with nephrolithisais. Using a multiple logistic regression model, obesity (odds ratio 4.4, 95% confidence interval 2.1-9.0) and hypertensive disorders (odds ratio 2.8, 95% confidence interval 1.9-4.1) were independently associated with nephrolithiasis. CONCLUSION: Maternal kidney stones are significantly associated with several pregnancy complications, including recurrent abortions, hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and cesarean deliveries. Nevertheless, it is not associated with adverse perinatal outcomes. These findings raise the question regarding the proper management of small asymptomatic kidney stone in a pregnant woman.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and dyslipidemia as the risk factors of preeclampsia.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a known risk factor for gestational hypertension which further progress toward conditions like proteinuria, dyslipidemia, thrombocytopenia, pulmonary edema leading to Preeclampsia (PE). Pregnancy can be a challenging time for many women, especially those diagnosed with GDM and PE. Thus, the current prospective study investigates the association of OGTT glucose levels with systolic and diastolic blood pressure and lipid profile parameters in pregnant women diagnosed with GDM and PE. A total of 140 pregnant women were stratified into GDM (n = 50), PE (n = 40) and controls (n = 50). Two hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was performed for screening GDM. Biochemical parameters analysis of OGTT, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (Tg), high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C), low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C), urinary albumin and creatinine were tested to find urinary albumin creatinine ratio (uACR). Statistical analysis was performed using ANOVA followed by post hoc test and regression analysis. Among the studied groups, GDM and PE groups showed no significant difference in age and increased BMI. Increased 2 h OGTT & TC in GDM group; elevated uACR, systolic/diastolic blood pressure, Tg, HDL-C, LDL-C in PE group was observed and differ significantly (p < 0.0001) with other groups. A significant positive effect of 2 h OGTT was observed on blood pressure (R(2): GDM = 0.85, PE = 0.71) and lipid profile determinants (R(2): GDM = 0.85, PE = 0.33) at p < 0.0001. The current study concludes that glucose intolerance during the later weeks of pregnancy is associated with gestational hypertension and hyperlipidemia as a risk factor for PE. Further research is needed for a detailed assessment of maternal glucose metabolism at various pregnancy stages, including the use of more sensitive markers such as C-peptide and their relation to pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders.
Dietary intake and physical activity in women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus.; Women with a history of diabetes mellitus (DM) or preeclampsia (PE) in pregnancy run an increased risk of future cardiovascular associated diseases. Offspring of such pregnancies may possibly also have an altered risk in health status. Descriptive studies of dietary intake and physical activity in mother and children several years after pregnancies complicated by PE or DM are lacking. By the use of a simple questionnaire survey, we aimed at exploring whether there are any differences in these lifestyle factors between women and between offspring 5-8 years after PE (23 women-child pairs) or DM (23 women-child pairs) in pregnancy, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies (controls, 17 women-child pairs). Our data showed that women in the DM- and PE-group were less physically active compared to controls (p < 0.01 and p < 0.05, respectively), and more children in the control-group followed the Norwegian fruit recommendations compared to children in the DM-group (p < 0.01).
The mother--the long-term implications on metabolic and cardiovascular complications.; There is cumulating evidence linking the occurrence of pregnancy complications, including miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction, with increased future risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hospitalization and death due to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Such association is largely related to genetic predisposition and shared pathophysiological mechanisms and changes, which may precede the index pregnancy. Awareness of this association would allow identification of the at-risk women for implementation of preventive measures to reduce the recurrence risk of these complications and mitigate the future development of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases worldwide.
Atopic dermatitis and risk of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, myocardial infarction and stroke in a cross-sectional analysis from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project.; BACKGROUND: Atopic dermatitis (AD) has been associated with cardiovascular risk factors and diseases, but epidemiological studies to date have found conflicting results. OBJECTIVES: To determine the associations of AD with hypertension, type 2 diabetes (T2D), myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project, which includes Canadian residents aged 30-74 years living in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic Provinces. We excluded participants with incomplete data on AD, hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke, who had type 1 or gestational diabetes or who developed any of the outcomes at an age prior to a diagnosis of AD. This left 259 119 participants in our analysis. We used logistic regression to calculate age- and sex-, and multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI and stroke. RESULTS: AD was reported by 21 379 (8·4%) participants. In total, 52 787 cases of hypertension, 12 739 cases of T2D, 4390 cases of MI and 2235 cases of stroke were reported by participants at enrolment. In the multivariable-adjusted model, AD was associated with decreased odds of hypertension (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·83-0·90), T2D (OR 0·78, 95% CI 0·71-0·84), MI (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·75-1·00) and stroke (OR 0·79, 95% CI 0·66-0·95). CONCLUSIONS: We did not find evidence of a positive association between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke; AD was inversely associated with these outcomes in our study. Given our findings and the conflicting literature, AD is likely not a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Maternal outcomes associated with weight change between pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Weight change between pregnancies was examined to determine if there were an association between weight gain (or loss) and delivery by cesarean section, gestational diabetes or pregnancy-induced hypertension. METHODS: A cohort study was conducted which included Nova Scotia residents with two or more singleton deliveries between 1988 and 1996. Weight change between pregnancies was calculated as the difference in weight from a woman's initial pre-pregnancy weight and the pre-pregnancy weight recorded from her final recorded pregnancy. RESULTS: Weight change between pregnancies was examined in 19,932 women. Women in the highest weight gain category were at an increased risk for developing gestational diabetes (RR = 1.59, 95% CI 1.22-2.08), independent of their weight prior to the final pregnancy, and other confounders. Weight gain (or loss) between pregnancies was not associated with the other outcomes. INTERPRETATION: Weight gain between pregnancy is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
The effect of intensified conventional insulin therapy before and during pregnancy on the malformation rate in offspring of diabetic mothers.; 56 out of the 200 pregnant diabetic women admitted to our clinic between July 1981 and June 1983 had followed a pre-pregnancy metabolic intensive treatment programme. Most of these patients achieved near-normoglycemia: 87% or more of all their blood glucose readings before conception and in the early weeks of gestation were normoglycemic. The 56 patients were delivered of 57 babies, one of them suffering from fatal heart malformation. The 144 pregnant diabetics who were admitted to hospital only after eight weeks of pregnancy and had not had any special preconceptional metabolic control gave birth to 145 children, 9 of which presented congenital malformations: 3 of these were fatal another 3 were severe, and 3 were minor. These data are in line with our previously reported results on the years 1977-81. They stress the importance of a reasonably strict metabolic control, started well before conception, to prevent excess rates of congenital malformation.
Is exercise safe or useful for gestational diabetic women?; The mainstay of management of the gestational diabetic woman is dietary manipulation to achieve and maintain normoglycemia. If normoglycemia cannot be sustained by diet alone, then insulin therapy is initiated. We instituted a series of studies to observe the value and safety of a cardiovascular fitness program to improve glucose tolerance in gestational diabetic women. We first evaluated the safety for pregnant women of five aerobic exercise machines by observing the effect of these different forms of exercise on uterine activity during the third trimester. We found that upper-extremity exercise produced no uterine contractions, but lower-extremity exercise tended to produce contractions. Upper-extremity exercise, in addition to dietary therapy, was then assigned to 10 gestational diabetic women who were matched for amount of glucose intolerance to 10 gestational diabetic women managed by diet alone. The mean fasting plasma glucose +/- SD after 6 wk was 4.87 +/- 0.34 mM in the diet group versus 3.89 +/- 0.37 mM in the diet-plus-exercise group. The mean postglucose challenge in the diet group was 10.40 +/- 0.16 mM versus 5.9 +/- 1.1 mM in the diet-plus-exercise group. Thus, upper-arm exercise may provide a useful treatment option for gestational diabetes and may obviate the need for insulin.
Maternal exposure to bisphenols, phthalates, perfluoroalkyl acids, and trace elements and their associations with gestational diabetes mellitus in the APrON cohort.; The increasing global prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been hypothesized to be associated with maternal exposure to environmental chemicals. Here, among 420 women participating in the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) cohort study, we examined associations between GDM and second trimester blood or urine concentrations of endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs): bisphenol-A (BPA), bisphenol-S (BPS), twelve phthalate metabolites, eight perfluoroalkyl acids (PFAAs), and eleven trace elements. Fifteen (3.57%) of the women were diagnosed with GDM, and associations between the environmental chemical exposures and GDM diagnosis were examined using multiple logistic and LASSO regression analyses in single- and multi-chemical exposure models, respectively. In single chemical exposure models, BPA and mercury were associated with increased odds of GDM, while a significant inverse association was observed for zinc. Double-LASSO regression analysis selected mercury (AOR: 1.51, CI: 1.12-2.02), zinc (AOR: 0.017, CI: 0.0005-0.56), and perfluoroundecanoic acid (PFUnA), a PFAAs, (AOR: 0.43, CI: 0.19-0.94) as the best predictors of GDM. The combined data for this Canadian cohort suggest that second trimester blood mercury was a robust predictor of GDM diagnosis, whereas blood zinc and PFUnA were protective factors. Research into mechanisms that underlie the associations between mercury, zinc, PFUnA, and the development of GDM is needed.
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with epigenome-wide methylation changes in children.; Offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developing metabolic disease, potentially mediated by epigenetic mechanisms. We recruited 608 GDM and 626 control offspring from the Danish National Birth Cohort, aged between 9 and 16 years. DNA methylation profiles were measured in peripheral blood of 93 GDM offspring and 95 controls using the Illumina HumanMethylation450 BeadChip. Pyrosequencing was performed for validation/replication of putative GDM-associated, differentially methylated CpGs in additional 905 offspring (462 GDM, 444 control offspring). We identified 76 differentially methylated CpGs in GDM offspring compared with controls in the discovery cohort (FDR, P < 0.05). Adjusting for offspring BMI did not affect the association between methylation levels and GDM status for any of the 76 CpGs. Most of these epigenetic changes were due to confounding by maternal prepregnancy BMI; however, 13 methylation changes were independently associated with maternal GDM. Three prepregnancy BMI-associated CpGs (cg00992687 and cg09452568 of ESM1 and cg14328641 of MS4A3) were validated in the replication cohort, while cg09109411 (PDE6A) was found to be associated with GDM status. The identified methylation changes may reflect developmental programming of organ disease mechanisms and/or may serve as disease biomarkers.
The fetal arterial vasculature in placentas of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers.; Seventeen placentas from insulin-dependent diabetic women and ten placentas from non-diabetics were studied with angiography. The fresh placentas were injected in both umbilical arteries with barium sulphate suspension. After fixation in formaldehyde, the placentas were X-rayed, intact and after being sliced in 0.8 cm slices. There were two clearly distinguishable types of intracotyledonary arteries. Type A is long, narrow and usually runs in the periphery of the cotyledon; type B is wider and usually runs towards the centre of a cotyledon. The cotyledons were classified according to the distribution of these two types of arteries. Type I contained only A-arteries and Type II, both A- and B-arteries or only B-arteries. Twelve per cent of the cotyledons in the control group belonged to Type I, but in the diabetes group 29 per cent. One block of tissue from every placenta was examined histologically to check that the contrast medium filled the stem villus vessels but not the capillaries in the peripheral villi. The histological sections in both groups were compared. Endarteritis appeared to be a feature of the diabetes placenta. The angiographic findings were compared with results of previous direct light microscopical studies. A high percentage of hypovascular villi was found in placentas with a high number of Type I cotyledons.
[Can education duning pregnancy improve the perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies?].; The aim of the study was to define the role of education for the complex treatment plan of diabetes during pregency and to estimate the impact of education for the reduction of the incidence of maternal and neonatal complications. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective study of 56 pregnant women with diabetes was carried out. They were hospitalized in the High-risk pregnancy Department from January 1999 till January 2000. All pregnant women were admitted to the hospital in each trimester of pregnancy for control of carbohydrate metabolism and follow-up of pregnancy. All pregnant women were treated by intensified Insulin regime-type basal-prandial. The diet was set according to the needs during pregnancy. 30 pregnant women (group 1) were educated according to the specificity of diabetes during pregnancy. The education was repeated every time the patient was admitted to the hospital. The aim of education was to reach and maintain good metabolic control (HbA1c < 7.5%) in the course of pregnancy. The values of HbA1c before education in group 1 and after final education in group 2 (not educated) were determinated. The incidence of some maternal and perinatal complication-the progress from diabetic nonproliferative retinopathy into proliferative retinopathy, the development of preeclampsia as a causative factor for delivery before 37 g.w, the development of RDS and perinatal deaths were evaluated. RESULTS: There was a significant difference in the mean values of glycosylated Hb. In the group of educated women a good metabolic control was achieved--HbA1c = 7.5%. In the non-educated group the metabolic control was poor--HbA1c = 8.4%, irrespective of the insulin and diet treatment. 25 (84.4%) of the babies born to educated mothers had normal birthweight between 3000 and 4000 grams. 2 (6.6%) of the newborn had birthweight under 3000 gr. and 3 (10%) over 4000 gr. In the group of educated women there was no progress of nonproliferative retinopathy into proliferative type. There was such a progression in 3 women from the noneducated group. There were 22 cases of preeclampsia in both groups. In the group of educated women the preeclampsia was mild, compared to the noneducated group where the form was severe. All women with severe form of preeclampsia (n=8) delivered before 37g. w. There were no perinathal deaths in the educated group, compared to 3 (11.5%) deaths in group 2. 2 babies died antenatally and one after an operative correction for severe congenital heart defect. There were 6 (6.6%) cases of RDS from the educated group compared to 99 (16.6%) from group 2. CONCLUSIONS: The education is a key factor in the complex plan of treatment of pregnant women with diabetes. It creates a positive motivation for the achievement and maintenance of good metabolic control during pregnancy. The incidence of maternal and neonatal complications is higher in the group of non-educated women. The education significantly reduces the incidence of maternal and neonatal complications, thus improving the perinatal outcome.
Early-Life Predictors of Systolic Blood Pressure Trajectories From Infancy to Adolescence: Findings From Project Viva.; Childhood blood pressure (BP) is a strong predictor of later risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few studies have assessed dynamic BP trajectories throughout the early-life period. We investigated the relationship between early-life factors and systolic BP (SBP) from infancy to adolescence using linear spline mixed-effects models among 1,370 children from Project Viva, a Boston, Massachusetts-area cohort recruited in 1999-2002. After adjusting for confounders and child height, we observed higher SBP in children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (vs. normoglycemia; age 3 years: β = 3.16 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.28, 6.04); age 6 years: β = 1.83 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.06, 3.60)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (vs. normal maternal BP; age 6 years: β = 1.39 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.10, 2.67); age 9 years: β = 1.84 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.34, 3.34); age 12 years: β = 1.70 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.48, 2.92)), higher neonatal SBP (per 10-mm Hg increase; age 3 years: β = 1.26 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.42, 2.09); age 6 years: β = 1.00 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.49, 1.51); age 9 years: β = 0.75 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.17, 1.33)), and formula milk in the first 6 months of life (vs. breast milk only; age 12 years: β = 2.10 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 3.74); age 15 years: β = 3.52 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.40, 5.64); age 18 years: β = 4.94 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.88, 7.99)). Our findings provide evidence of programming of offspring SBP trajectories by gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and formula milk intake and of neonatal BP being a potentially useful marker of childhood BP. These factors could be relevant in identifying children who are at risk of developing elevated BP.
Breastfeeding and infant growth in offspring of mothers with hyperglycaemia in pregnancy: The pregnancy and neonatal diabetes outcomes in remote Australia study.; BACKGROUND: Benefits of breastfeeding on infant growth in children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are uncertain. OBJECTIVES: To describe growth trajectories between birth and 14 months according to breastfeeding and maternal hyperglycaemia in pregnancy, and assess associations between breastfeeding and 14 month growth outcomes among children born to mothers with GDM. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Data on 258 Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander infants from the PANDORA study born to mothers with normoglycaemia (n = 73), GDM (n = 122), or with pre-existing type 2 diabetes (n = 63) in pregnancy were assessed. Infant weight and BMI growth trajectories according to predominant breastfeeding at 6 months and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy were developed using mixed-effect models and cubic splines. Associations between breastfeeding and 14-month growth outcomes (z-scores: weight-for-age, weight-for-length and BMI) were evaluated using linear regression in a subgroup of infants born to mothers with GDM. RESULTS: Predominantly breastfed infants had lower BMI trajectories compared to those not predominantly breastfed, irrespective of maternal hyperglycaemia in pregnancy status (p < 0.01 for all groups), and lower weight trajectories among those born to mothers with GDM (p = 0.006). Among offspring of women with GDM, predominant breastfeeding was only associated with lower weight-for-age at 14 months, however adjusting for maternal obesity, smoking, and parity attenuated observed associations. Maternal obesity remained significantly associated with greater infant growth. CONCLUSIONS: Predominant breastfeeding was associated with reduced growth among children born to women with and without hyperglycaemia in pregnancy. However, among children exposed to GDM in utero, maternal obesity largely explained this association.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Incident Heart Failure in the Women's Health Initiative.; IMPORTANCE: Some prior evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) may be associated with heart failure (HF). Identifying unique factors associated with the risk of HF and studying HF subtypes are important next steps. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of APOs with incident HF overall and stratified by HF subtype (preserved vs reduced ejection fraction) among postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative (WHI). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: In 2017, an APO history survey was administered in the WHI study, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women. The associations of 5 APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP], low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery) with incident adjudicated HF were analyzed. In this cohort study, the association of each APO with HF was assessed using logistic regression models and with HF subtypes using multinomial regression, adjusting for age, sociodemographic characteristics, smoking, randomization status, reproductive history, and other APOs. Data analysis was performed from January 2020 to September 2021. EXPOSURES: APOs (gestational diabetes, HDP, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: All confirmed cases of women hospitalized with HF and HF subtype were adjudicated by trained physicians using standardized methods. RESULTS: Of 10 292 women (median [IQR] age, 60 [55-64] years), 3185 (31.0%) reported 1 or more APO and 336 (3.3%) had a diagnosis of HF. Women with a history of any APO had a higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, or smoking. Of the APOs studied, only HDP was significantly associated with HF with a fully adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 1.75 (95% CI, 1.22-2.50), and with HF with preserved ejection fraction in fully adjusted models (OR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.29-3.27). In mediation analyses, hypertension explained 24% (95% CI, 12%-73%), coronary heart disease 23% (95% CI, 11%-68%), and body mass index 20% (95% CI, 10%-64%) of the association between HDP and HF. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this large cohort of postmenopausal women, HDP was independently associated with incident HF, particularly HF with preserved ejection fraction, and this association was mediated by subsequent hypertension, coronary heart disease, and obesity. These findings suggest that monitoring and modifying these factors early in women presenting with HDP may be associated with reduced long-term risk of HF.
Fetal weight and progression of diabetic retinopathy.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy is associated with reduced fetal growth and related neonatal morbidity. METHODS: Women with type 1 diabetes (n = 205) were enrolled before 14 weeks' gestation in a prospective study of diabetes in pregnancy and treated with intensive insulin therapy. They had serial ophthalmologic evaluations before 20 weeks' gestation and in late gestation or postpartum. Subjects were divided into two groups based on whether retinopathy progressed (progression group) or remained unchanged (no progression group). RESULTS: Retinopathy progressed in 59 of 205 women (29%) and was associated with advanced White classification (P =.001): three (5%) were class B, 14 (23%) class C, 24 (41%) class D, and 18 (30%) class F-RF. Reduced fetal growth was associated with progression of retinopathy. Mean birth weight was lower (P =.02), and more infants were small for gestational age (P =.02) and had low birth weights (P =.02) in the progression group. More large-for-gestational-age infants were noted in the no-progression group (P =.04). Birth weight percentile distributions showed a shift of the curve to the left in the progression group (P =.03). There were no differences in gestational age at delivery, macrosomia, preterm delivery, respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal hypoglycemia, or neonatal death. Small for gestational age was associated with chronic hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 6.4; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.5, 27.9) and retinopathy progression (OR 4.7; 95% CI 1.2, 23.8). CONCLUSION: Development and progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy were associated with reduced fetal growth manifested as increased rate of small-for-gestational-age and low-birth-weight infants.
Metabolomic Identification of a Novel, Externally Validated Predictive Test for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; CONTEXT: Undiagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major preventable cause of stillbirth. In the United Kingdom, women are selected for diagnostic testing for GDM based on risk factors, including body mass index (BMI) > 30 kg/m2. OBJECTIVE: To improve the prediction of GDM using metabolomics. METHODS: We performed metabolomics on maternal serum from the Pregnancy Outcome Prediction (POP) study at 12 and 20 weeks of gestational age (wkGA; 185 GDM cases and 314 noncases). Predictive metabolites were internally validated using the 28 wkGA POP study serum sample and externally validated using 24- to 28-wkGA fasting plasma from the Born in Bradford (BiB) cohort (349 GDM cases and 2347 noncases). The predictive ability of a model including the metabolites was compared with BMI > 30 kg/m2 in the POP study. RESULTS: Forty-seven predictive metabolites were identified using the 12- and 20-wkGA samples. At 28 wkGA, 4 of these [mannose, 4-hydroxyglutamate, 1,5-anhydroglucitol, and lactosyl-N-palmitoyl-sphingosine (d18:1/16:0)] independently increased the bootstrapped area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) by >0.01. All 4 were externally validated in the BiB samples (P = 2.6 × 10-12, 2.2 × 10-13, 6.9 × 10-28, and 2.6 × 10-17, respectively). In the POP study, BMI > 30 kg/m2 had a sensitivity of 28.7% (95% CI 22.3-36.0%) and a specificity of 85.4% whereas at the same level of specificity, a predictive model using age, BMI, and the 4 metabolites had a sensitivity of 60.2% (95% CI 52.6-67.4%) and an AUC of 0.82 (95% CI 0.78-0.86). CONCLUSIONS: We identified 4 strongly and independently predictive metabolites for GDM that could have clinical utility in screening for GDM.
Pregnancy management and outcomes in women with thalassaemia major.; The health background, management and outcomes of 25 pregnancies in 18 women with transfusion dependent beta thalassaemia are described with particular consideration of appropriate preconceptual guidance for such women. This is an observation study of women attending three collaborating London hospitals. Nine of the pregnancies required induction of ovulation. Two pregnancies were complicated by diabetes and three by hepatitis C. One patient was hepatitis B positive. Two pregnancies were in women with cardiac problems, one of whom died of cardiac failure nine months after delivery of a live child. Two of the pregnancies miscarried and three were terminated, with the others resulting in 21 live children (including one set of twins). 14 of the pregnancies were delivered by caesarean section. After pregnancy five women developed secondary amenorrhoea, two developed cardiac problems and two developed diabetes.
Differences in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both characterized by an increase in insulin resistance. Our goal in the present study was to measure insulin resistance (as estimated by homeostasis model assessment, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and adiponectin concentrations) and parameters of low-grade inflammation in non-diabetic, non-hyperandrogenic ovulatory women with previous GDM (pGDM) and in non-diabetic women with classic PCOS, characterized by hyperandrogenism and oligo/anovulation. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: We evaluated 20 women with PCOS, 18 women with pGDM and 19 controls, all matched according to body mass index (BMI). Fasting blood samples were drawn in all women 3-6 days after spontaneous or dydrogesterone-induced withdrawal bleeding. Body fat distribution was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in all women. RESULTS: After adjusting for age and percent body fat, measures of insulin resistance such as SHBG and adiponectin concentrations were decreased and central obesity was increased in women with PCOS and pGDM compared with controls (all p < 0.05). Parameters of low-grade inflammation such as serum tumor necrosis factor-alpha and highly sensitive C-reactive protein concentrations, white blood cell and neutrophil count were increased only in women with PCOS compared with BMI-matched controls (all p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Certain markers of insulin resistance are increased in both women with PCOS and women with pGDM, while low-grade inflammation is increased only in PCOS. PCOS and GDM might represent specific phenotypes of one disease entity with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, whereby women with PCOS demonstrate an augmented cardiovascular risk profile.
Changes in Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Before and After Gestational Diabetes: A Prospective Life-Course Analysis in CARDIA Women.; OBJECTIVE: This study hypothesized that both preconception and postchildbearing patterns of cardiometabolic risk factors may be different for women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared with women without GDM. METHODS: Among 1,302 (51% black) women in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study with births and followed for 30 years, this study evaluated changes in cardiometabolic factors (BMI, waist circumference [WC], lipids, blood pressure) during prechildbearing (prior to the first postbaseline birth) and postchildbearing periods (after the last birth) by GDM status using piecewise linear mixed models adjusted for sociodemographics, parity, and time-varying covariates. RESULTS: Compared with women who did not develop GDM, weight and WC increases in women who developed GDM (n = 152, 12%) were faster (BMI difference: +0.12 kg/m(2) /y, P = 0.04; WC difference: +0.28 cm/y, P = 0.04) during the prechildbearing period, accounting for covariates. This translated to an average of 1.3 kg of excess weight gain across 4 years among women with subsequent GDM versus non-GDM births. In contrast, slopes after childbearing did not differ by GDM status, nor were there other cardiometabolic differences. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM exhibited an increasing prepregnancy pattern of weight gain and central adiposity. Absolute postchildbearing weight was also higher in GDM-affected women, but the slope of gain after GDM was not.
[Intrauterine renal vein thrombosis (author's transl)].; One case of renal venous thrombosis in a male foetus, born of a diabetic mother is reported. The intrauterine origin and the long age of the thrombosis were confirmed by pathologic studies. Some speculation about the etiopathogenic mechanisms of intrauterine renal venous thrombosis are made.
[Diabetic retinopathy and pregnancy].; Pregnancy is an important independent risk factor for diabetic retinopathy. This risk is increased with diabetes duration, bad metabolic control, diastolic hypertension, renal disease, anemia, rapid reduction of Hb A1c level and severity of baseline retinopathy. Retinal examination must be done at onset of pregnancy and every 3 months thereafter until 3 months after delivery. Eye fundus will be controlled every month if retinopathy occurs in patients with risk factors. Laser treatment is as efficient during pregnancy as usually.
[Investigation of adhesion molecules (sVCAM-1) in serum of nonpregnant women, normotensive pregnant women and in patients with pregnancy complications].; OBJECTIVE: An increased expression of endothelial adhesion molecules combined with neutrophil activation in the placental bed is to be assumed aetiopathogenetically relevant in preeclampsia. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Ranges of sVCAM-1 serum concentrations of both control persons (29 nonpregnant and 25 normotensive pregnant women) and patients with different complications of pregnancy (HELLP-syndrome n = 10, preeclampsia n = 12, gestational hypertension n = 38, diabetes n = 24, growth retardation n = 21) were determined by means of ELISA. Frozen placental samples of 5 normotensive and 10 hypertensive pregnant women were investigated immunhistochemically to study the distribution of VCAM-1 in the placenta. RESULTS: Significantly elevated sVCAM-1 serum levels (p < 0.05) were identified in samples of patients with HELLP syndrome, preeclampsia, diabetes and gestational hypertension compared with serum levels of normotensive pregnant women. The cut-off level (97.5% percentile of normotensive serum levels) was calculated (775 ng/ml). VCAM-1 was localized immunhistochemically at capillaries of villi and main villi. CONCLUSIONS: There are closed relations between elevated serum levels of sVCAM-1 during pregnancy and diseases with vasculopathies of placental bed.
Telomere length is reduced in 9- to 16-year-old girls exposed to gestational diabetes in utero.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Shortened telomere length is a marker of cell damage and is associated with oxidative stress, chronic inflammation and metabolic disease. We hypothesised that the offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases might exhibit shorter telomere length. METHODS: We investigated telomere length in 439 GDM and 469 control group offspring, aged between 9 and 16 years, recruited from the Danish National Birth Cohort. Relative telomere length was measured in peripheral blood DNA (n = 908) using a quantitative PCR approach. Multivariate regression analysis was used to investigate the association between mothers' GDM status and telomere length in the offspring. RESULTS: Female offspring had longer telomeres than males. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly shorter telomere length than control offspring, but this difference was observed only in girls. There was a negative association between telomere length and GDM exposure among the female offspring (14% shorter telomeres, p = 0.003) following adjustment for the age of the offspring. Telomere length in female offspring was negatively associated with fasting insulin levels and HOMA-IR (p = 0.03). Maternal age, smoking, gestational age, birthweight and the offspring's anthropometric characteristics were not associated with telomere length (p ≥ 0.1). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The 9- to 16-year-old girls of mothers with GDM had shorter telomeres than those from the control population. Further studies are needed to understand the extent to which shortened telomere length predicts and/or contributes to the increased risk of disease later in life among the offspring of women with GDM.
Effect of gestational diabetes on maternal artery function.; Endothelial dysfunction has been observed systemically in women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Important cardiovascular adaptations occur during pregnancy, including enhanced endothelium-dependent vasodilation in systemic and uterine arteries, which are necessary to ensure the health of both mother and fetus. The effects of GDM, however, on uterine artery function and the possible mechanisms that mediate endothelial dysfunction remain unknown. The aim of this study was to utilize a mouse model of GDM to investigate (a) effects on uteroplacental flow, (b) endothelial function of uterine and mesenteric arteries, and (c) possible mechanisms of any dysfunction observed. Pregnant mice heterozygous for a leptin receptor mutation (Lepr(db) (/+); He) spontaneously develop GDM and were compared to wild-type (WT) mice at day 18.5 of gestation. Uterine artery flow was assessed using ultrasound biomicroscopy. Uterine and mesenteric artery function was assessed using wire myography. Arterial superoxide production was measured using oxidative fluorescence microphotography. In vivo uteroplacental perfusion was impaired in mice with GDM, indicated by a significant increase in uterine artery resistance index. Maximal endothelium-dependent relaxation to methacholine was significantly impaired in mesenteric arteries from mice with GDM, while sensitivity was significantly reduced in uterine arteries. Both uterine and mesenteric arteries from mice with GDM exhibited a greater dependence on nitric oxide and increased superoxide production compared with those from mice with a healthy pregnancy. A significant source of superoxide in GDM mice was uncoupled nitric oxide synthase. These changes may contribute to the development of some of the fetal and maternal complication associated with GDM.
A prospective study of the risk of congenital defects associated with maternal obesity and diabetes mellitus.; This study was designed to evaluate the effects of maternal obesity and diabetes mellitus on the risk of nonchromosomal congenital defects. We used data from 22,951 pregnant women enrolled in a prospective cohort study of early prenatal exposures and pregnancy outcome. The relative risks [prevalence ratios (PRs)] of major nonchromosomal congenital defects associated with obesity and diabetes, alone or in combination, were calculated using multiple logistic regression analysis. In this study, in the absence of diabetes, obese women (body mass index > or =28) had no higher risk, overall, of having an offspring with a major defect [PR = 0.95; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.62-1.5]. Their offspring, however, did have a higher prevalence of certain types of defects, including orofacial clefts; club foot; cardiac septal defects; and, to a lesser extent, hydrocephaly and abdominal wall defects. Women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes who were not obese also had no excess risk overall of having offspring affected by a major defect (PR = 0.98; 95% CI = 0.43-2.2), although they did have a higher prevalence of musculoskeletal defects. The pregnancies of women who were both obese and diabetic were 3.1 times as likely (95% CI = 1.2-7.6) to result in an offspring with a defect than were those of nonobese, nondiabetic women, which suggests that obesity and diabetes mellitus may act synergistically in the pathogenesis of congenital anomalies. The defects were largely craniofacial or musculoskeletal.
Considering parents as a unit: Associations of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension with postpartum diabetes and hypertension in couples.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the associations of a combined indicator of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) with diabetes and with hypertension in parental couples as a 'unit'. STUDY DESIGN: Utilizing administrative health data, GH was identified in matched pairs (GDM vs. no GDM) of mothers with singleton live births (Quebec, Canada; cohort inception 1990-2007). Couples were categorized based on GDM/GH status s ('neither'; 'either'; or 'both'). Using validated administrative health database definitions, associations of this indicator with diabetes and with hypertension in both members of the couple (12 weeks postpartum to March 31, 2012) were evaluated through adjusted Cox proportional hazard models. RESULTS: In 63,438 couples over a mean of 12.8 years (SD 5.4), diabetes risk was 9-fold higher (HR: 8.9; 95% CI 6.4, 12.2) in couples with either GDM/GH and 16-fold higher (HR 16.0; 95% CI 10.9, 23.5) in couples with both conditions compared to those with neither. Hypertension risk was 2-fold higher (HR: 1.8; 95% CI 1.5, 2.0) in couples either GDM/GH and 6-fold higher (HR 5.8; 95% CI 4.9, 7.0) in couples with both conditions compared to those with neither condition. CONCLUSIONS: GDM/GH predict diabetes and hypertension in couples as a unit underscoring the concept of shared couple risk. These findings may help foster couple collaboration for cardiovascular risk reduction in the household.
Improving pregnancy outcomes in women with diabetes mellitus: modern management.; Women with pre-existing (type 1 or type 2) diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of pregnancy complications, such as congenital malformations, preeclampsia and preterm delivery, compared with women who do not have diabetes mellitus. Approximately half of pregnancies in women with pre-existing diabetes mellitus are complicated by fetal overgrowth, which results in infants who are overweight at birth and at risk of birth trauma and, later in life, the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Strict glycaemic control with appropriate diet, use of insulin and, if necessary, antihypertensive treatment is the cornerstone of diabetes mellitus management to prevent pregnancy complications. New technology for managing diabetes mellitus is evolving and is changing the management of these conditions in pregnancy. For instance, in Europe, most women with pre-existing diabetes mellitus are treated with insulin analogues before and during pregnancy. Furthermore, many women are on insulin pumps during pregnancy, and the use of continuous glucose monitoring is becoming more frequent. In addition, smartphone application technology is a promising educational tool for pregnant women with diabetes mellitus and their caregivers. This Review covers how modern diabetes mellitus management with appropriate diet, insulin and antihypertensive treatment in patients with pre-existing diabetes mellitus can contribute to reducing the risk of pregnancy complications such as congenital malformations, fetal overgrowth, preeclampsia and preterm delivery.
The efficacy of first-trimester PAPP-A and free beta hCG levels for predicting adverse pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether first-trimester measurements of maternal serum PAPP-A and free beta hCG levels were associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: First trimester maternal serum free beta hCG and PAPP-A were measured in 490 singleton pregnancies. Pregnancies were followed by the fetal-maternal unit, and predictive efficacy of these markers for small for gestational age (SGA) babies, gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders were analyzed by cut-off values determined by using a ROC analysis, and also, by using the fifth percentile as the cut-off value. RESULTS: The sensitivities for PAPP-A in predicting pregnancies with a SGA baby and those complicated by a hypertensive disorder were 49% and 73%, respectively, when optimal cut-off values were used. Specificities were 76% and 65%, respectively. Serum free beta hCG had no predictive value for individual pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSION: Efficacy of first trimester maternal serum markers in predicting adverse pregnancy outcome is low. Even after optimization of cut-off values, these markers do not appear to be clinically acceptable as an effective tool for screening for adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Postpartum development of endothelial dysfunction and oxidative stress markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Relationships between adhesion molecules (AM), oxidative stress, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus are unclear. AIM: We investigated AM and oxidant/antioxidant markers in women with previous history of GDM. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Postpartum women with GDM (cases; n = 41) and healthy women (controls; n = 21) had clinical and laboratory variables measured, including indicators of vascular damage (ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and E-selectin), oxidative stress (LPO, GSH and GST) and antioxidant markers (catalase, SOD, GPX and TAC). RESULTS: Previous GDM versus control women presented higher body mass index: 27.4 ± 5.6 versus 23.9 ± 3.6 (p = 0.013); waist circumference: 85.2 ± 12.9 versus 77.5 ± 9.0 (p = 0.017); MetS (WHO definition): 14.6 versus 0 % (p = 0.012); MetS (NCEP-ATPIII definition): 22 versus 0 % (p = 0.002); low HDL: 36.6 versus 9.5 % (p = 0.024); fasting glucose (mmol/L): 5.4 ± 0.6 versus 4.9 ± 0.2 (p < 0.001); glucose 120 min (mg/dL): 105.0 ± 30.2 versus 85.1 ± 14.2 (p = 0.007); fasting insulin (μU/mL): 13.4 ± 8.1 versus 8.4 ± 4.3 (p = 0.004); HOMA index: 3.3 ± 2.3 versus 1.8 ± 1.0 (p = 0.002); HbA1c (%/mmol/mol): 5.4 ± 0.2 versus 5.2 ± 0.2/36 ± 1.4 versus 33 ± 1.4 (p = 0.021); uric acid (mg/dL): 4.1 ± 1 versus 3.5 ± 0.6 (p = 0.009); catalase (nmol/min/mL): 38.7 ± 15.6 versus 28.9 ± 11.1 (p = 0.013). There were no significant differences in hypertension prevalence, lipid fractions, albumin/creatinine ratio and AM. CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous GDM have high catalase levels which correlate positively with glucose intolerance, indicating the potential effect of oxidative stress on postpartum dysglycemic status.
Delayed maturation of P2 flash visual evoked potential (VEP) latency in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has rapidly increased, yet few prior studies have investigated parameters of early brain development in infants born to gestational diabetic mothers. The present study assessed visual evoked potentials (VEPs) in healthy infants born to gestational diabetic mothers and matched controls. METHODS: After exclusions, in this prospective study we examined VEPs in 73 neonates between 37 weeks and 41 weeks gestation at birth (n = 37 infants of gestational diabetic mothers). Stroboscopic flashes were presented through closed eyelids during passive electroencephalography (EEG) recording to derive VEP waveforms during natural sleep. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant moderate correlation between gestational age at birth and P2 latency of the flash VEP where P2 latency significantly decreased with increasing gestational age (Pearson's R(73) = -0.32, p < .01). There was also a significant moderate correlation between postnatal age (hours of life) and P2 latency of the flash VEP where P2 latency significantly decreased with increasing postnatal age (Pearson's R(73) = -0.23, p < .05). When controlling for gestational age at birth, postnatal age, and sex, there was a significant effect of group (GDM-exposed vs. control) on P2 latency of the flash VEP (p < .05). Infants of gestational diabetic mothers had a significantly longer P2 latency (M: 215.29 ± SD: 2.58 ms) than controls (M: 206.41 ± SD: 2.62 ms). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest P2 flash VEP latency is a potential measure of cortical maturation and marker of immature development in infants of gestational diabetic mothers.
Sleep quality in women with diabetes in pregnancy: a single-center retrospective study.; PURPOSE: Sleep quality is an important indicator of individual quality of life, which not only affects people's mental health but is also closely related to the occurrence of many diseases. Sleep disorders associated with diabetes in pregnancy can greatly endanger the health of both mothers and babies, and their hazards are strongly associated with blood glucose levels. This study explored the quality of sleep and sleep disorders in pregnant women with diabetes. METHODS: From June 2020 to July 2021, a total of 693 patients diagnosed with diabetes during pregnancy in Gansu Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital were used as the experiment group, including 626 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 67 patients with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM). At the same time, 709 women not having diabetes were randomly selected as the control group. To obtain the general situation of the participants, the participants were surveyed using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and the STOP-BANG (S, Snoring; T, Tiredness; O, Observed apnea; P, high blood Pressure; B, Body mass index > 35 kg/ m(2); A, Age > 50 years; N, Neck circumference > 40 cm; G, male Gender) questionnaire. The differences in sleep quality and obstructive sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome (OSAHS) were analyzed between the experiment group and the control group by using chi-square and t-test, and the clinical features and related factors of sleep disorder were analyzed. RESULTS: Compared with the control group, the age, pre-pregnancy weight, body mass index (BMI), and neck circumference were larger in the experimental group (P < 0.05). The experimental group had higher PSQI scores for sleep quality, time to fall asleep score, sleep duration, sleep efficiency, sleep disorder, and daytime dysfunction than the control group (all P < 0.001). Specific analysis of the clinical features of sleep disorders indicated that the experimental group scored higher than the control group (P < 0.05). The analysis of the types of daytime dysfunction showed that the experiment group scored higher in terms of frequently feeling sleepy and lack of energy to do things than the control group (P < 0.05). Analysis of STOP-BANG scores indicated that the proportion of patients with GDM or PGDM having fatigue, hypertension, BMI > 35 kg/m(2), and neck circumference > 40 cm was higher than that in the control group (P < 0.05). According to regression analysis, sleep quality of patients with GDM was significantly impacted by the increases in age (OR: 1.243, CI:1.197-1.290), neck circumference (OR: 1.350, CI: 1.234-1.476), PSQI score (OR: 2.124, CI:1.656-2.724), and sleep efficiency score (OR: 3.083, CI:1.534-6.195), whereas that of patients with PGDM was impacted by age (OR: 1.191, CI:1.086-1.305), neck circumference (OR: 1.981, CI: 1.469-2.673), and PSQI score (OR: 7.835, CI: 2.383-25.761). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women with diabetes had poorer sleep quality and a higher risk of developing OSAHS than those without diabetes. There may be some link between sleep quality and the onset of diabetic.
Remote patient monitoring for management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication of pregnancy, and its treatment is complex. Recent years have seen an increase in the application of mobile health tools and advanced technologies, such as remote patient monitoring, with the aim of improving care for diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. Previous studies of these technologies for the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy have been small and have not clearly shown clinical benefit with implementation. OBJECTIVE: Remote patient monitoring allows clinicians to monitor patients' health data (such as glucose values) in near real-time, between office visits, to make timely adjustments to care. Our objective was to determine if using remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes in pregnancy leads to an improvement in maternal and neonatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of pregnant patients with diabetes mellitus managed by the maternal-fetal medicine practice at one academic institution between October 2019 and April 2021. This practice transitioned from paper-based blood glucose logs to remote patient monitoring in February 2020. Remote patient monitoring options included (1) device integration with Bluetooth glucometers that automatically uploaded measured glucose values to the patient's Epic MyChart application or (2) manual entry in which patients manually logged their glucose readings into their MyChart application. Values in the MyChart application directly transferred to the patient's electronic health record for review and management by clinicians. In total, 533 patients were studied. We compared 173 patients managed with paper logs to 360 patients managed with remote patient monitoring (176 device integration and 184 manual entry). Our primary outcomes were composite maternal morbidity (which included third- and fourth-degree lacerations, chorioamnionitis, postpartum hemorrhage requiring transfusion, postpartum hysterectomy, wound infection or separation, venous thromboembolism, and maternal admission to the intensive care unit) and composite neonatal morbidity (which included umbilical cord pH <7.00, 5 minute Apgar score <7, respiratory morbidity, hyperbilirubinemia, meconium aspiration, intraventricular hemorrhage, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, pneumonia, seizures, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, shoulder dystocia, trauma, brain or body cooling, and neonatal intensive care unit admission). Secondary outcomes were measures of glycemic control and the individual components of the primary composite outcomes. We also performed a secondary analysis in which the patients who used the two different remote patient monitoring options (device integration vs manual entry) were compared. Chi-square, Fisher's exact, 2-sample t, and Mann-Whitney tests were used to compare the groups. A result was considered statistically significant at P<.05. RESULTS: Maternal baseline characteristics were not significantly different between the remote patient monitoring and paper groups aside from a slightly higher baseline rate of chronic hypertension in the remote patient monitoring group (6.1% vs 1.2%; P=.011). The primary outcomes of composite maternal and composite neonatal morbidity were not significantly different between the groups. However, remote patient monitoring patients submitted more glucose values (177 vs 146; P=.008), were more likely to achieve glycemic control in target range (79.2% vs 52.0%; P<.0001), and achieved the target range sooner (median, 3.3 vs 4.1 weeks; P=.025) than patients managed with paper logs. This was achieved without increasing in-person visits. Remote patient monitoring patients had lower rates of preeclampsia (5.8% vs 15.0%; P=.0006) and their infants had lower rates of neonatal hypoglycemia in the first 24 hours of life (29.8% vs 51.7%; P<.0001). CONCLUSION: Remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is superior to a traditional paper-based approach in achieving glycemic control and is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Malformations of hypothalamic nuclei in hyperinsulinemic offspring of rats with gestational diabetes.; Insulin is a potent modulator of central nervous development and is suggested to influence the differentiation and maturation of hypothalamic structures involved in the regulation of body weight and metabolism. Hyperinsulinemic offspring of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance during pregnancy (gestational diabetes, GD) have an increased risk to develop overweight and diabetes mellitus during life, while the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms are still unknown. To investigate the effects of perinatal hyperinsulinism on the organization of hypothalamic regulators of body weight and metabolism, GD was induced in rats by application of streptozotocin on the day of conception (25 mg/kg, i.p.). On the 21st day of life, offspring of GD rats were overweight (p < 0.05) and hyperinsulinemic (p < 0.01). Using computer-assisted morphometric measurements, significantly decreased mean areas of neuronal nuclei and neuronal cytoplasm within the paraventricular hypothalamic nucleus (PVN; p < 0.01) and the ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus (VMN; p < 0.05) were observed in GD offspring. Analysis of topographically distinct parts revealed that these alterations particularly occurred in the parvocellular part of the PVN, as well as in the anterior, central, and dorsomedial part of the VMN. No morphometric alterations were found within the lateral hypothalamic area and the dorsomedial hypothalamic nucleus. In the arcuate hypothalamic nucleus, the mean area of neuronal cytoplasm was decreased (p < 0.05), while the number of neurons expressing tyrosine hydroxylase was clearly elevated (p < 0.002). For astrocytes, a tendency towards an increased glia/neuron ratio was observed in the periventricular hypothalamic area. These observations suggest disturbed differentiation and organization of distinct hypothalamic nuclei and subnuclei, respectively, in hyperinsulinemic offspring of GD rats, possibly leading to dysfunctions of hypothalamic regulators of body weight and metabolism which might contribute to the lifelong increased risk to develop overweight and diabetogenic disturbances.
Obstetric complications and outcomes of singleton pregnancy with previous caesarean section according to maternal age.; INTRODUCTION: To delineate obstetric complications and neonatal outcomes by maternal age in singleton pregnancies with previous caesarean section (CS). METHODS: A retrospective study involved 7715 singleton gestations with previous CS was conducted in a single centre. Statistical methods were used to describe and analyse the incidence of various complications and adverse outcomes classified by maternal ages. After selecting the reference group (30-34 years), multivariate logistic-binomial regression model was used to investigate the outcomes using SPSS. RESULTS: From 2013 to 2017, the proportion of advanced maternal age (AMA, ≥35 years) women with a history of CS increased yearly, especially in the 35-39 years age group. AMA women accounted for 39.4% of all pregnancies and has a high incidence of in vitro fertilization(IVF), progesterone therapy in early pregnancy, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placenta previa, premature rupture of membranes (PROM) and postpartum haemorrhage (PPH). Compared to the 30-34 years group, the risks of PIH, GDM, placenta previa, PROM and PPH increased in AMA pregnancies. Very advanced age (≥40 years) may be associated with placenta accreta while young mothers (20-24 years) have a higher prevalence of premature birth. Vaginal bleeding during pregnancy is a risk factor for maternal complications, maternal and neonatal morbidity. DISCUSSION: AMA is associated with increased risk of PIH, GDM, placenta previa, PROM and PPH. Vaginal bleeding may be a predictor during pregnancy.
Association Between History of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography.; IMPORTANCE: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are recognized risk enhancers for cardiovascular disease, but the prevalence of subclinical coronary atherosclerosis after these conditions is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To assess associations between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography screening. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Cross-sectional study of a population-based cohort of women in Sweden (n = 10 528) with 1 or more deliveries in 1973 or later, ascertained via the Swedish National Medical Birth Register, who subsequently participated in the Swedish Cardiopulmonary Bioimage Study at age 50 to 65 (median, 57.3) years in 2013-2018. Delivery data were prospectively collected. EXPOSURES: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age infant, and gestational diabetes. The reference category included women with no history of these exposures. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Coronary computed tomography angiography indexes, including any coronary atherosclerosis, significant stenosis, noncalcified plaque, segment involvement score of 4 or greater, and coronary artery calcium score greater than 100. RESULTS: A median 29.6 (IQR, 25.0-34.9) years after first registered delivery, 18.9% of women had a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, with specific pregnancy histories ranging from 1.4% (gestational diabetes) to 9.5% (preterm delivery). The prevalence of any coronary atherosclerosis in women with a history of any adverse pregnancy outcome was 32.1% (95% CI, 30.0%-34.2%), which was significantly higher (prevalence difference, 3.8% [95% CI, 1.6%-6.1%]; prevalence ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.06-1.22]) compared with reference women. History of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were both significantly associated with higher and similar prevalence of all outcome indexes. For preeclampsia, the highest prevalence difference was observed for any coronary atherosclerosis (prevalence difference, 8.0% [95% CI, 3.7%-12.3%]; prevalence ratio, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.14-1.45]), and the highest prevalence ratio was observed for significant stenosis (prevalence difference, 3.1% [95% CI, 1.1%-5.1%]; prevalence ratio, 2.46 [95% CI, 1.65-3.67]). In adjusted models, odds ratios for preeclampsia ranged from 1.31 (95% CI, 1.07-1.61) for any coronary atherosclerosis to 2.21 (95% CI, 1.42-3.44) for significant stenosis. Similar associations were observed for history of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension among women with low predicted cardiovascular risk. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among Swedish women undergoing coronary computed tomography angiography screening, there was a statistically significant association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and image-identified coronary artery disease, including among women estimated to be at low cardiovascular disease risk. Further research is needed to understand the clinical importance of these associations.
Maternal diabetes increases large conductance Ca2+-activated K+ outward currents that alter action potential properties but do not contribute to attenuated excitability of parasympathetic cardiac motoneurons in the nucleus ambiguus of neonatal mice.; Previously, we demonstrated that maternal diabetes reduced the excitability and increased small-conductance Ca(2+)-activated K(+) (SK) currents of parasympathetic cardiac motoneurons (PCMNs) in the nucleus ambiguus (NA). In addition, blockade of SK channels with apamin completely abolished this reduction. In the present study, we examined whether maternal diabetes affects large-conductance Ca(2+)-activated K(+) (BK) channels and whether BK channels contribute to the attenuation of PCMN excitability observed in neonates of diabetic mothers. Neonatal mice from OVE26 diabetic mothers (NMDM) and normal FVB mothers (control) were used. The pericardial sac of neonatal mice at postnatal days 7-9 was injected with the tracer X-rhodamine-5 (and 6)-isothiocyanate 2 days prior to the experiment to retrogradely label PCMNs in the NA. Whole cell current- and voltage-clamps were used to measure spike frequency, action potential (AP) repolarization (half-width), afterhyperpolarization potential (AHP), transient outward currents, and afterhyperpolarization currents (I(AHP)). In whole cell voltage clamp mode, we confirmed that maternal diabetes increased transient outward currents and I(AHP) compared with normal cells. Using BK channel blockers charybdotoxin (CTx) and paxilline, we found that maternal diabetes increased CTx- and paxilline-sensitive transient outward currents but did not change CTx- and paxilline-sensitive I(AHP). In whole cell current-clamp mode, we confirmed that maternal diabetes increased AP half-width and AHP, and reduced excitability of PCMNs. Furthermore, we found that after blockade of BK channels with CTx or paxilline, maternal diabetes induced a greater increase of AP half-width but similarly decreased fast AHP without affecting medium AHP. Finally, blockade of BK channels decreased spike frequency in response to current injection in both control and NMDM without reducing the difference of spike frequency between the two groups. Therefore, we conclude that although BK transient outward currents, which may alter AP repolarization, are increased in NMDM, BK channels do not directly contribute to maternal diabetes-induced attenuation of PCMN excitability. In contrast, based on evidence from our previous and present studies, reduction of PCMN excitability in neonates of diabetic mothers is largely dependent on altered SK current associated with maternal diabetes.
β-Cell Function, Hepatic Insulin Clearance, and Insulin Sensitivity in South Asian and Nordic Women After Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; South Asian women have a higher risk of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than Nordic women; however, the mechanisms behind this difference remain unclear. We investigated insulin sensitivity, β-cell function, and hepatic insulin clearance in 179 South Asian and 108 Nordic women ∼17 months after GDM (mean age 35.3 years, BMI 29.1 kg/m2) by oral glucose tolerance test using deconvolution of C-peptide kinetics. Thirty-one percent of South Asian and 53% of Nordic participants were normoglycemic at the time of measurement. South Asian women had higher areas under the curve (AUCs) for glucose, prehepatic insulin, and peripheral insulin and lower insulin sensitivity, disposition index, and fasting hepatic insulin clearance than Nordic women. In the group with prediabetes or diabetes, South Asian women had similar AUCs for glucose and prehepatic insulin but a higher AUC for peripheral insulin, lower disposition index, and lower fasting hepatic insulin clearance than Nordic women. The waist-to-height ratio mediated ∼25-40% of the ethnic differences in insulin sensitivity in participants with normoglycemia. Overall, our novel data revealed that South Asian women with normoglycemia after GDM showed lower insulin secretion for a given insulin resistance and lower hepatic insulin clearance than Nordic women. South Asian women are at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes after GDM, and preventive efforts should be prioritized.
The syndromes of Sotos and Weaver: reports and review.; The syndromes of Sotos and Weaver are paradigmatic of the daily nosologic difficulties faced by clinical geneticists attempting to diagnose and counsel, and to give accurate prognoses in cases of extensive phenotypic overlap between molecularly undefined entities. Vertebrate development is constrained into only very few final or common developmental paths; therefore, no developmental anomaly seen in humans is unique to ("pathognomonic" of) one syndrome. Thus, it is not surprising that prenatal overgrowth occurs in several syndromes, including the Sotos and Weaver syndromes. Are they sufficiently different in other respects to allow the postulation of locus (rather than allele) heterogeneity? Phenotypic data in both conditions are biased because of ascertainment of propositi, and the apparent differences between them may be entirely artificial as they were between the G and BBB syndromes. On the other hand, the Sotos syndrome may be a cancer syndrome, the Weaver syndrome not (though a neuroblastoma was reported in the latter); in the former there is also remarkably advanced dental maturation rarely commented on in the latter. In Weaver syndrome there are more conspicuous contractures and a facial appearance that experts find convincingly different from that of Sotos individuals. Nevertheless, the hypothesis of locus heterogeneity is testable; at the moment we are inclined to favor the hypothesis of allele heterogeneity. An international effort is required to map, isolate, and sequence the causal gene or genes.
[Management of post-term neonates].; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the modalities of management of post-term neonates. METHODS: This study is based on PubMed search, Cochrane library and HAS recommendations. RESULTS: Medical team should be able to provide neonatal resuscitation in delivery room in case of meconium-stained fluid or perinatal asphyxia according to the international guidelines ILCOR 2010. The glycaemia of the post-term newborn with macrosomia should be evaluated. The initial clinical examination should search complications such as shoulder dystocia or clavicular fracture. Full blood count should be performed in symptomatic newborn post-term. Developmental assessment should be performed in post-term newborn in case of associated pathology. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of perinatal complications is increased in newborn post-term in delivery room and during hospitalization. Medical team should be able to manage these complications.
Transient elastography and controlled attenuation parameter to evaluate hepatic steatosis and liver stiffness in postpartum patients.; INTRODUCTION: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) affects 30% of adults in the United States. Transient elastography (TE) (Fibroscan, Echosens, Paris, France) with controlled attenuation parameter (CAP) is a noninvasive way to evaluate liver steatosis and liver stiffness. The primary objective of this study was to assess prevalence of elevated liver stiffness and steatosis immediately postpartum. Furthermore, we sought to evaluate whether there were differences in rates of metabolic disorders of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) and pre-pregnancy conditions (type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), chronic hypertension, and obesity) in those with elevated postpartum liver steatosis/liver stiffness. METHODS: IRB approved prospective cross-sectional study in which TE and liver function tests were performed 1-2 days postpartum. CAP ≥300 dB/m was classified as significant steatosis. Increased liver stiffness was defined as ≥7 kPa. Prevalence was determined by proportion of individuals undergoing TE/CAP who met criteria. Chi-square analysis was used to compare differences between groups. RESULTS: Eighty-nine patients were included: 20 (22%) had GDM, 13 (15%) had gestational hypertension, and 15 (17%) had preeclampsia. Women with kPa ≥7 were more likely to have ALT ≥25, type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia (p < .05). Pre-gravid BMI, BMI at delivery, and GDM were not associated with increased kPa. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and chronic hypertension were associated with CAP ≥ 300 dB/m (p < .05). GDM, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension were not associated with CAP ≥300 dB/m. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with preeclampsia, type 2 diabetes, and elevated ALT were more likely to have elevated postpartum liver stiffness. Pregravid BMI ≥25 and ≥30 were associated with increased liver steatosis, although did not impact liver stiffness. GDM was not associated with increased liver stiffness or steatosis. Consideration should be made for screening pregnant patients with preeclampsia, type 2 DM and overweight or obese BMI for liver disease in the postpartum period with potential for lifestyle intervention.
LncRNA HCG27 Promotes Glucose Uptake Ability of HUVECs by MiR-378a-3p/MAPK1 Pathway.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy. LncRNA HLA complex group 27 (HCG27) plays a crucial role in various metabolic diseases. However, the relationship between lncRNA HCG27 and GDM is not clear. This study aimed to verify a competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA) interaction regulation axis of miR-378a-3p/mitogen-activated protein kinase 1 (MAPK1) regulated by HCG27 in GDM. METHODS: LncRNA HCG27 and miR-378a-3p were detected by RT-qPCR. The expression of MAPK1 in umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) was detected by RT-qPCR and that in the placenta by Western blotting. To explore the relationship among lncRNA HCG27, miR-378a-3p, MAPK1 and the glucose uptake ability of HUVECs, vector HCG27, si-HCG27, miR-378a-3p mimic and inhibitor were transfected to achieve overexpression and inhibition of HCG27 or miR-378a-3p. The interaction between miR-378a-3p and lncRNA HCG27 or MAPK1 was confirmed by the dual-luciferase reporter assay. Besides, glucose consumption by HUVECs was detected by the glucose assay kit. RESULTS: HCG27 expression was significantly decreased in both the placenta and primary umbilical vein endothelial cells, while the expression of miR-378a-3p was significantly increased in GDM tissues, and the expression of MAPK1 was decreased in GDM tissues. This ceRNA interaction regulation axis was proved to affect the glucose uptake function of HUVECs. The transfection of si-HCG27 could significantly reduce the expression of the MAPK1 protein. If the MAPK1 overexpression plasmid was transfected simultaneously with si-HCG27 transfection, the reduced glucose uptake in HUVECs resulting from the decrease in lncRNA HCG27 was reversed. MiR-378a-3p mimic can significantly reduce the mRNA expression of MAPK1 in HUVECs, whereas miR-378a-3p inhibitor can significantly increase the mRNA expression of MAPK1. The inhibition of miR-378a-3p could restore the decreased glucose uptake of HUVECs treated with si-HCG27. Besides, overexpression of lncRNA HCG27 could restore the glucose uptake ability of the palmitic acid-induced insulin resistance model of HUVECs to normal. CONCLUSION: LncRNA HCG27 promotes glucose uptake of HUVECs by miR-378a-3p/MAPK1 pathway, which may provide potential therapeutic targets for GDM. Besides, the fetal umbilical cord blood and umbilical vein endothelial cells collected from pregnant women with GDM after delivery could be used to detect the presence of adverse molecular markers of metabolic memory, so as to provide guidance for predicting the risk of cardiovascular diseases and health screening of offspring.
Precision of office-based blood glucose meters in screening for gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Is the precision of currently available glucose meters adequate for gestational diabetes screening? STUDY DESIGN: We performed a prospective cohort study of 62 gravid women and compared the precision of three glucose meters to laboratory standard technology. RESULTS: The HemoCue coefficient of variation was sufficiently low in venous whole blood and plasma and capillary whole blood and plasma (3.0%, 1.8%, 2.8%, and 2.3%, respectively) to allow use in gestational diabetes screening. The OneTouch II coefficient of variation was sufficiently low in capillary whole blood (2.7%) to allow use in gestational diabetes screening but was too high in venous whole blood and plasma and in capillary plasma (3.6%, 7.8%, and 5.7%). The ExacTech coefficient of variation was too high in venous or capillary whole blood (5.4% and 8.1%) for use in gestational diabetes screening and does not analyze plasma samples. CONCLUSION: The HemoCue meter in venous and capillary whole blood and plasma and the OneTouch II meter in capillary whole blood have coefficients of variation low enough for gestational diabetes screening.
Prospective study of gestational diabetes and fatty liver scores 9 to 16 years after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may be at an increased risk of liver complications because chronic hyperglycemia is a risk factor for liver fat accumulation and potential liver dysfunction. Large prospective studies examining liver fat accumulation following a GDM pregnancy are lacking. METHODS: The Diabetes & Women's Health Study (2012-2014) examined the association between GDM and subsequent fatty liver scores among 607 women with and 619 women without GDM in the Danish National Birth Cohort. Nine to 16 years postpartum, a clinical examination was performed, with measurement of alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), and γ-glutamyl transferase, from which fatty liver scoring indices were calculated to assess liver fat score, fatty liver index, hepatic steatosis index, and liver fat percentage. Relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) for elevated liver scoring indices by GDM status were assessed adjusting for major risk factors, including prepregnancy body mass index. RESULTS: Women with prior GDM had higher adjusted ALT and AST levels than women without GDM (by 6.7% [95% CI 1.7-12.0] and 4.8% [95% CI 0.6-9.1], respectively). Women with GDM also had adjusted increased risks for elevated liver fat score (RR 2.34; 95% CI 1.68-3.27), fatty liver index (RR 1.59; 95% CI 1.27-1.99), and hepatic steatosis index (RR 1.44; 95% CI 1.21-1.71). CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM during pregnancy were at an increased risk for fatty liver 9 to 16 years postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus may serve as another risk indicator for the early identification and prevention of liver fat accumulation.
Effect of pregnancy and diabetes on myofibrillar protease activity in maternal and fetal muscles.; The activity of protease was investigated by cleavage of 14C-labelled globin by the isolated myofibrillar fraction of maternal and fetal muscles of nonpregnant, pregnant, and pregnant diabetic rats, on days 15 and 20 of pregnancy. Diabetes was produced by i.p. streptozotocin injection on day 5 or 12 of pregnancy. There was no change in muscle protease activity on day 15 of pregnancy in nondiabetic rats, compared to nonpregnant control rats, whereas on day 20 protease activity rose in the gastrocnemius by 25%, in the diaphragm by 30%, and only slightly in the heart. Diabetes, imposed during days 12-20 of pregnancy, induced a further increase in protease activity in the gastrocnemius (42%), diaphragm (47%), and heart (25%). In rats with diabetes lasting from day 5 to 20 of gestation there were only slight further increases in protease activity. In contrast, maternal diabetes did not induce changes in myofibrillar protease activity of fetal leg or heart muscles compared with the corresponding muscles of fetuses of nondiabetic rats. The increased protease activity on the maternal side occurred at low insulin levels and/or reduced insulin sensitivity, whereas the absence of changes in protease activity on the fetal side was associated with sustained or even increased presence of insulin. This suggests that the adaptive changes in protease activity, in both pregnancy and superimposed diabetes, are related to insulin availability and its effectiveness.
An economic analysis of interventions for diabetes.; The objective of this article is to stratify interventions for diabetes according to their economic impact. We conducted a review of the literature to select articles that performed a cost-benefit analysis for 17 widely practiced interventions for diabetes. A scale for categorizing interventions according to their economic impact was defined. The 17 interventions were classified as follows: 1) clearly cost-saving, 2) clearly cost-effective, 3) possibly cost-effective, 4) non-cost-effective, or 5) unclear. Clearly cost-saving interventions included eye care and pre-conception care. Clearly cost-effective interventions included nephropathy prevention in type 1 diabetes and improved glycemic control. Possibly cost-effective interventions included nephropathy prevention in type 2 diabetes and self-management training. Non-cost-effective interventions were not identified. Interventions with unclear economic impact included case management, medical nutrition therapy, self-monitoring of blood glucose, foot care, blood pressure control, blood lipid control, smoking cessation, exercise, weight loss, HbA1c measurement, influenza vaccination, and pneumococcus vaccination. Widely practiced interventions for patients with diabetes can be clearly cost-saving and clearly cost-effective. These practices are attractive from both a medical and an economic perspective.
Foetal umbilical cord brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels in pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus.; The aim of our study was to investigate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels in foetal umbilical cord blood. A total of 96 participants were divided into a GDM group (n = 43) and a non-diabetic control group (n = 53). Cord blood samples of approximately 5 cc were taken immediately after the foetal umbilical cord was clamped during delivery in order to determine BDNF levels. While the mean age, body mass index, birth weight, rate of caesarean delivery, rate of infant macrosomia, and neonatal intensive care unit admission of women with GDM were significantly higher compared to the non-diabetic control group (p < .05), pregnancy complications were comparable between the groups (p > .05). Although no significant differences were noted between the groups with respect to cord blood BDNF levels (0.79 ± 0.37 ng/ml vs. 0.69 ± 017 ng/ml, p = .122), cord blood BDNF values were higher in female infants compared to male infants (0.85 ± 0.33 ng/ml vs. 0.66 ± 0.23 ng/ml, p = .001) and in patients using insulin compared to those not using insulin in the GDM group (0.78 ± 0.14 ng/ml vs. 0.62 ± 0.09 ng/ml, p < .001). This study found that GDM has no effect on cord blood BDNF levels. More in-depth studies with larger series are needed to validate the results of the present study.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) negatively affects the foetal neurodevelopment due to inflammation and oxidative stress caused by hyperglycaemia. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) expression has been shown to modulate oxidative stress and inflammation, and there may be a relationship between varying BDNF concentrations and GDM.What do the results of this study add? Our study showed that no significant differences were noted between the groups with respect to cord blood BDNF levels, cord blood BDNF values were higher in female infants compared to male infants, and in patients using insulin compared to those not using insulin in the GDM group.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? GDM negatively affects the foetal neurodevelopment due to inflammation and oxidative stress caused by hyperglycaemia. BDNF expression has also been shown to modulate oxidative stress and inflammation, and there may be a relationship between varying BDNF concentrations and GDM. The association between BDNF expression and GDM has not been clearly elucidated in the literature. More in-depth studies with larger series are needed to determine this relationship.
Invited Commentary: Gestational Hypertension and Diabetes-A Major Public Health Concern.; The obesity epidemic in the United States and other countries has contributed to an increase in the rates of gestational diabetes and hypertension. In the past, it was thought that most cases of gestational diabetes and hypertension would resolve after completion of pregnancy. In this issue of the Journal, Pace et al. (Am J Epidemiol. 2017;186(10):1115-1124) clearly documented that both gestational diabetes and hypertension lead to diabetes and hypertension and that the combination of both during pregnancy leads to very high rates of subsequent diabetes and hypertension. A new generation of epidemiology studies using the evolving new technologies and genetics (host susceptibility studies) are needed to improve our understanding of the etiology of gestational diabetes and hypertension. Early identification of women at risk of gestational diabetes and hypertension, better treatment during pregnancy, and preventive and clinical therapies for treatment of diabetes and hypertension after pregnancy are very important for improving women's health and reducing risk of cardiovascular disease later in life.
Endothelial function is preserved in pregnant women with well-controlled type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant women with diabetes mellitus have a higher incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Vascular, and in particular, endothelial function may be significantly modified in diabetes resulting in impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation. This study aims to investigate endothelium-dependent relaxation in pregnant women with pre-existing type I diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Small arteries (mean luminal diameter approximately 295 microm) were isolated from biopsies of subcutaneous fat from pregnant women with pre-existing type I diabetes mellitus, non-diabetic pregnant women, and non-diabetic non-pregnant women. Endothelial and smooth muscle function were determined using wire myography, and the contributions of nitric oxide, vasodilator prostanoid and endothelial hyperpolarisation were studied using specific inhibitors. RESULTS: Arteries obtained from the diabetic pregnant women did not demonstrate any difference in either endothelial or smooth muscle function when compared with non-diabetic pregnant women. The contribution of nitric oxide to endothelium-dependent relaxation was approximately 20% in the pregnant women regardless of whether they were diabetic, and approximately 11% in the non-pregnant women. Endothelial hyperpolarisation appeared to contribute largely to vasorelaxation in human subcutaneous arteries, and was at least twice that of nitric oxide in pregnant women and fivefold greater in non-pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence that pregnant women with well-controlled pre-existing type 1 diabetes mellitus have both normal endothelial and smooth muscle function. Endothelium-dependent hyperpolarisation appears to play a large role in vascular relaxation in human subcutaneous resistance arteries. This study suggests that the problems associated with diabetic pregnancies are unlikely to be due to vascular dysfunction.
Betatrophin, elabela, asprosin, glucagon and subfatin peptides in breast tissue, blood and milk in gestational diabetes.; We investigated the presence of asprosin (ASP), betatrophin, elabela (ELA), glucagon and subfatin (SUB) in the milk of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and compared their levels with blood levels. We also investigated whether these peptides are synthesized by the breast. We investigated 12 volunteer mothers with GDM and 14 pregnant non-GDM control mothers. The peptides were measured using ELISA and their tissue localization was determined using immunohistochemistry. Breast milk contains ASP, betatrophin, ELA, glucagon and SUB. The amount of the peptides ranged from highest to the lowest in colostrum, transitional milk and mature milk. The amount of peptides in the milk was greater than for blood. The peptides, except for ELA, were increased in milk and blood by GDM. Betatrophin and ELA are synthesized in the connective tissue of the breast. ASP, glucagon and SUB are synthesized in the alveolar tissue of the breast. These peptides in breast milk may contribute to the development of the gastrointestinal tract of newborns and infants.
Alterations of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk for venous thromboembolism. Activation of sympathetic nervous system affects blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and platelet activation by several mechanisms. We aimed to study the relationship of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes. Forty-one white women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant and 14 nonpregnant controls were studied. We assayed serial nocturnal (at 12 p.m., 4 a.m. and 7 a.m.) changes of the adrenergic transmitter noradrenaline, coagulation variables and platelet activation with PFA-100. Plasma noradrenaline increased from 4 to 7 a.m. in both pregnant groups. During the same time period, prothrombin time (PT) shortened in gestational diabetes compared with healthy pregnant and nonpregnant controls. In gestational diabetes, nocturnal FVIII:C levels were lower compared with normal pregnancy and also variables associated with von Willebrand factor tended to be lower. Platelet activity increased at midnight in pregnant women compared with nonpregnant women without differences between gestational diabetes and normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes is associated with concomitant early morning sympathetic stimulation and activation of extrinsic coagulation pathway (shortened PT). Decreased FVIII:C may refer to compensatory anticoagulatory mechanism. These alterations could reflect increased risk of pregnancy-related thromboembolism in gestational diabetes.
[Prenatal diagnosis of truncus arteriosus communis (type I) in diabetic pregnancy].; Recently Ferencz et al. [6] using the datas of the Baltimore-Washington Infant Study found a predominance of double outlet righ ventricle and truncus arteriosus communis among the congenital heart diseases of newborns of diabetic mothers. This paper reports about the prenatal diagnosis of a truncus arteriosus communis Type I in a 23 year old pregnant with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (White B). The diagnosis was performed in the 25th week using Real-Time- and Color-Doppler-sonography. The important features in the prenatal differentialdiagnosis from a tetralogy of Fallot are explained. The optimal management of pregnancy, the delivery at a perinatal center with subsequent operative correcture could improve the prognosis of the newborn.
Comparison of the thickness of the capillary basement membrane of the human placenta under normal conditions and in type 1 diabetes.; Using a morphometric method, the author measured the thickness of the capillary basement membrane in the placentas of healthy women in the first two trimesters and at the end of pregnancy, and in the placentas of diabetic mothers at the end of pregnancy. The mean thickness of the basement membrane of the placental capillaries was found to increase with the progress of pregnancy and to attain the maximum at the end of pregnancy. The placenta of diabetic patients has a significantly thinner capillary basement membrane than the placenta of healthy women. The findings are discussed.
Hypoglycaemia in pregnancy.; Normally there is a very close relationship between maternal and fetal glucose concentrations during both early and late gestation. Maternal hypoglycaemia during pregnancy will therefore not only affect the mother herself but also the conceptus. As can be judged from the literature, acute hypoglycaemic episodes are only rarely seen in non-diabetic pregnancies. In recent years it has become increasingly evident that insulin-dependent diabetic patients, whether pregnant or not, run a much increased risk of having severe hypoglycaemia (SH) attacks (i.e. the patient needs the assistance of another person to relieve the attack) whenever attempts are made to introduce tight blood glucose control. Very high incidence rates of SH between 19% and 44% have been reported in diabetic pregnancy. Episodes of SH could have serious consequences; neuroglycopenia seems especially hazardous for the mother particularly during the performance of a critical task like driving a car. While hypoglycaemia has embryopathic effects in rodents, there are no data in the human to support a teratogenic effect. Insulin-induced hypoglycaemia in the last trimester of diabetic pregnancy may increase fetal body movement and decrease the fetal heart rate variability. A number of very rare conditions such as insulinoma, severe malaria, HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count), severe fulminating liver disease, and ACTH and/or growth hormone deficiency have been reported to be associated with SH. Relative hypoglycaemia--i.e. low fasting blood glucose and 'flat' glucose tolerance test--is frequently seen in normotensive pregnant women with intrauterine fetal growth retardation. This pattern of maternal carbohydrate metabolism could lead to fetal hypoglycaemia and hypoinsulinaemia and contribute to poor fetal growth.
Umbilical artery blood flow velocity waveforms in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus.; Umbilical artery blood velocity waveforms were recorded by a pulsed Doppler system in the third trimester of pregnancy in 16 diabetic women (12 class B, 1 class C, 3 class D) and the waveforms were analysed for resistance index (RI = peak systolic velocity minus end diastolic velocity/peak systolic velocity). There was no significant correlation between the RI values and either serum glucose (r = 0.385) or fructosamine levels (r = 0.380). However, the RI values were raised in two cases with serum glucose levels of over 300 mg/dl. With a fall in serum glucose levels, the RI values returned to the normal range. No abnormal umbilical artery velocity waveforms were found when the serum glucose level was below 200 mg/dl.
Myocardial excitation-contraction coupling in the fetus of alloxan-diabetic rabbit.; This study was conducted to investigate myocardial excitation-contraction coupling in the fetus of the diabetic rabbit (FDM). On day 14 of gestation, diabetes was induced in pregnant rabbits by alloxan injection. On day 28 of gestation, mechanical function of the fetal myocardium was determined in the isolated arterially perfused heart preparation. At 1.5 mM [Ca2+]o (control), the force of myocardial contraction in FDM was not significantly different from that in the control fetus. At higher [Ca2+]o, developed tension and maximal rate of tension development [+dT/dt (max)] in FDM were significantly greater than in the control fetus. High [Ca2+]o caused significant increases in resting tension and half-relaxation time (toxic effects) in the control fetus, but not in FDM. Perfusion with lanthanum (known to displace sarcolemma-bound Ca2+ and block sarcolemmal Na-Ca exchange) decreased developed tension and +dT/dt (max) and increased resting tension and these effects in FDM were significantly less than in the control fetus. Perfusion with manganese (known to displace Ca2+ from intracellular sites) also decreased developed tension and +dT/dt (max) and increased resting tension, and these effects were similar in the two groups. The myofibrillar ATPase activities at various calcium concentrations were not different between the two groups. The rates of Ca2+ uptake by mitochondria and sarcoplasmic reticulum were similar in the two groups. These data suggest that in FDM the inotropic effect of Ca2+ is greater and the toxic effect of Ca2+ is less than in the control fetus.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
[Histomorphometry of the vascularization of the placental villi in diabetic pregnant women].; The pathomorphological findings in the placentae of diabetic pregnant women were studied in 12 cases of maternal diabetes. The vascularization quotient of the placental villi (VQ) is defined as the surface area of the cut across the villus divided by the surface area of the capillaries within the villus. The vascularization quotient of the diabetic mothers was compared with control placentas of healthy maternity patients. It was found that in normal placentas about half of the surface of the villus is taken up by the surface of capillaries (VQ = 0.44). In diabetics about 1/4 of the villus surface is taken up by capillary surface (VQ = 0.23). The villi of diabetic placentas showed in general fewer capillaries in larger villi. These changes were more marked if normo-glycaemia was obtained late in pregnancy by the administration of insulin. The findings were in no correlation to Whites classification of the pregnancy which measures factors which are independent of pregnancy.
Risk factors for hypertension during pregnancy in South Australia.; OBJECTIVE: To identify risk factors for hypertension in pregnancy among South Australian women. DESIGN: A population-based retrospective analysis using the South Australian perinatal data collection for 1998-2001. METHODS: Three groups of women with hypertension (pre-existing hypertension, pregnancy hypertension, and superimposed pre-eclampsia) were compared with normotensive women using unconditional logistic regression analysis on 70,386 singleton births to identify sociodemographic and clinical risk factors for hypertension in pregnancy. RESULTS: Nulliparity, Aboriginal race and Caucasian race (compared with Asian) and pre-existing and gestational diabetes were demonstrated to be risk factors for all hypertensive disorders, as was increasing maternal age for pre-existing hypertension and superimposed pre-eclampsia. Risk was increased for pregnancy hypertension and superimposed pre-eclampsia among women who gave their occupation as 'home duties' and also for superimposed pre-eclampsia among unemployed women. Women with hypertension were more likely to give birth in teaching hospitals. Urinary tract infections were not found to be a risk factor for any type of hypertension. Smoking during pregnancy was protective for all types of hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: The present study used a statewide population perinatal database and has confirmed that Aboriginal race, Caucasians, nulliparity, and pre-existing and gestational diabetes are independent risk factors for all types of hypertension in pregnancy. Increasing maternal age increased the risk for pre-existing hypertension and superimposed pre-eclampsia. There appeared to be appropriate referral of women with hypertensive disorders to teaching hospitals. A new finding is the increased risk among unemployed women and women engaged in home duties.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections of insulin for pregnant women with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes causes a rise in blood glucose above normal physiological levels causing damage to many systems including the cardiovascular and renal systems. Pregnancy causes a physiological reduction in insulin action; for those women who have pre-gestational diabetes, this results in an increasing insulin requirement. There are several methods of administering insulin. Conventionally, insulin has been administered subcutaneously, formally referred to as intensive conventional treatment, but now more usually referred to as multiple daily injections (MDI). An alternative insulin administration method is the continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion pump (CSII). OBJECTIVES: To compare continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion with MDI of insulin for pregnant women with diabetes. SEARCH STRATEGY: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (November 2006). SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials comparing CSII with MDI for pregnant women with diabetes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Three authors independently assessed studies and extracted data. MAIN RESULTS: Two studies (60 women with 61 pregnancies) were included. There was a significant increase in mean birthweight associated with CSII as opposed to MDI (weighted mean difference 220.56, 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.09 to 443.20; two trials, 61 participants). However, taking into consideration the lack of significant difference in rate of macrosomia (birthweight greater than 4000 g) (relative risk (RR) 3.20, 95% CI 0.14 to 72.62; two trials, 61 participants), this is not viewed by the authors as clinically significant. No significant differences were found in any other outcomes measured, which may reflect the small number of trials suitable for meta-analysis and the small number of participants in the included studies. No significant differences were found in perinatal mortality (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.20 to 19.91), fetal anomaly (RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.54), maternal hypoglycaemia (RR 3.00, 95% CI 0.35 to 25.87) or maternal hyperglycaemia (RR 7.00, 95% CI 0.39 to 125.44). AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is a dearth of robust evidence to support the use of one particular form of insulin administration over another for pregnant women with diabetes. The data are limited because of the small number of trials appropriate for meta-analysis, small study sample size and questionable generalisability of the trial population. Conclusions cannot be made from the data available and therefore a robust randomised trial is needed. The trial should be adequately powered to assess the efficacy of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections in terms of appropriate outcomes for women with diabetes.
Circulating monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in women with gestational diabetes.; Monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1) has been implicated as a key factor in the recruitment and activation of peripheral blood leukocytes in atherosclerotic lesions and adipose tissue. Elevated levels of circulating MCP-1 have been found in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, as well as with coronary artery disease. In this study we compared serum MCP-1 concentrations between pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-pregnant healthy women. The group studied consisted of 62 patients with GDM (mean age 30.1 +/- 5.0 years) at 29.0 +/- 3.5 week of gestation, 64 pregnant women with NGT (mean age 30.0 +/- 4.7 years) at 29.2 +/- 2.9 week of gestation and 34 non-pregnant healthy women (mean age 29.8 +/- 4.7 years). Serum MCP-1 concentration was measured using an enzyme - linked immunosorbent assay. Median MCP-1 concentrations did not differ significantly between women with GDM (median 342.3 [interquartile range 267.9-424.4] pg/ml) and NGT (338.0 [274.7-408.2] pg/ml), but were markedly lower than those found in non-pregnant women (485.2 [409.6-642.4] pg/ml, p<0.0001). After adjusting for glucose, the difference between pregnant and non-pregnant women remained highly significant (p<0.0001). In GDM patients MCP-1 levels correlated significantly with fasting glucose (r=0.2665, p=0.0363), insulin (r=0.4330, p=0.0004), HOMA-IR (r=0.4402, p=0.0003), ISQUICKI (r=-0.4402, p=0.0003), HbA1c (r=0.2724, p=0.0322), as well as with prepregnancy and current BMI (r=0.3501, p=0.0057 and r=0.3250, p=0.0106, respectively). Multiple regression analysis revealed that MCP1 concentrations were significantly predicted only by plasma glucose ( beta=0.3489, p=0.00004). Our results suggest that MCP1 levels are decreased in pregnant women, irrespective of their glucose tolerance status.
A young woman with dyspnea.; A 35-year-old Sri Lankan woman (gravida 3, para 3, abortus 0) presented to the Jewish General Hospital (Montreal, Quebec) with shortness of breath and diffuse swelling. She was five months postpartum of her most recent delivery, which was complicated by pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. She described a three-week history of progressive exertional dyspnea, orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. There was no history of recent viral illness, and the patient had no traditional risk factors for coronary artery disease. A physical examination, laboratory results and echocardiography were typical for heart failure. A presumptive diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy was made. To initiate a transplant referral, coronary angiography was performed. Six discrete atherosclerotic lesions were found, notably left main equivalent disease. A diagnosis of ischemic cardiomyopathy was made, and the patient was referred for high-risk coronary artery bypass surgery and transplant. The present case illustrates the excess burden of coronary artery disease borne in south Asian patient populations.
Outcome of pregnancy among immigrant women with diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We studied outcome of pregnancy among immigrant women with diabetes. The women came from regions of the world with high incidence of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes. Prevalences, secular trends, and sociodemographic risk factors of diabetes were also explored. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway on all births from 1988 to 1998 for mothers born in South Asia and North Africa (11,268) and Norway (601,785) were analyzed. RESULTS: The prevalence of pregestational diabetes among the immigrants was 8.9/1,000 births, which was more than twice the rate among ethnic Norwegians (3.6/1,000). Time trends indicated increasing prevalences in both groups. Among the immigrants, diabetes was closely associated with maternal age. Maternal diabetes was associated with a significantly increased risk of pregnancy complications in both study groups. Increased risks were found for low birth weight, macrosomia, preterm birth, preeclampsia, and cesarean sections. Among ethnic Norwegians, maternal diabetes conferred a significantly increased risk of infant perinatal death (odds ratio 2.00, 95% CI 1,44-2.77). In the sample of immigrant women with predominantly type 2 diabetes, maternal diabetes was not significantly associated with perinatal death or congenital malformations in the offspring. CONCLUSIONS: The high prevalence of diabetes among immigrants from South Asia and North Africa represents a challenge for health care providers. To prevent adverse pregnancy outcomes and later cardiovascular and renal morbidity among these groups, early diagnosis of diabetes, adequate metabolic control, and relevant preventive measures are warranted.
Doppler velocimetry in last trimester pregnancy complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To study the pulsatility index of the flow velocity waveform of the uterine and umbilical arteries and the fetal aorta in diabetic pregnancy. METHODS: Twenty-four well-controlled insulin-dependent pregestational diabetics and 25 healthy pregnant women were studied with Doppler ultrasound on two occasions separated by a one month interval in the third trimester. In the study group, a random blood glucose was sampled at the time of the Doppler examination. RESULTS: At the first Doppler examination the median pulsatility index in the fetal thoracic aorta and in the uterine artery was significantly lower (p < 0.01 and p < 0.05, respectively) in the diabetic group as compared to the healthy controls, whereas the umbilical and uterine artery pulsatility indices were similar. At the second examination, a significant decrease in median pulsatility index of the umbilical artery and the fetal aorta (p < 0.01) and the uterine artery (p < 0.05) was observed in the controls whereas no such change occurred in the diabetics. There was no correlation between glycosylated hemoglobin or random blood glucose and pulsatility index values. An increased incidence of neonatal morbidity was noted in the study group. CONCLUSION: The normal third trimester decline in uteroplacental and fetal placental pulsatility indices was absent in the diabetic group. The pulsatility index was not influenced by blood glucose regulation.
Accelerated retinopathy and nephropathy in diabetic pregnancy.; We report a case of severe deterioration in sight despite good metabolic control in a pregnant diabetic patient which has not recovered at two years post-delivery. This was accompanied by a deterioration in renal function which similarly has not improved.
NAFLD at the Interface of the Mother-Infant Dyad.; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non- Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers' health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
Is lung maturation related to fetal growth in diabetic or hypertensive pregnancies?; The purpose of this study was to determine whether infants sufficiently affected by maternal diabetes or hypertension to exhibit abnormal growth (macrosomia, growth retardation) would also display significant alteration in timing of pulmonary maturity (delay or acceleration, respectively). We studied 874 consecutive women with fetal pulmonary maturity testing prior to delivery. Patients were stratified by birth weight into fetal size categories (small for gestational age [SGA], appropriate for gestational age [AGA], large for gestational age [LGA]). Cases were compared based on maternal disease, fetal size categories and pulmonary maturity testing results. Pulmonary maturity rates based on both phosphatidylglycerol (PG) and lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio (L/S) did not differ between term LGA infants of diabetic mothers (97%) and term LGA (80%) or AGA (97%) infants of non-diabetic, non-hypertensive mothers. When compared based on PG alone, there was no difference between the rate of positive PG in term AGA infants of non-hypertensive, non-diabetic mothers (75%) and that seen in the other pregnancy groups (33-80%). Breakdown by gestational age revealed no significant differences in maturity rates between the study groups. Macrosomic diabetic infants and growth-retarded hypertensive infants are no different from controls in their timing of fetal pulmonary maturation.
Insulin action on the human placental endothelium in normal and diabetic pregnancy.; The placental endothelium is unique among the entire human vasculature. The blood enriched in oxygen and nutrients is transported in the veins, whereas the arteries contain deoxygenated blood coming from the fetus. The placental vasculature has to develop rapidly to ensure adequate supply of the fetus. Therefore, factors present in the fetal circulation will stimulate placental angiogenesis. In the third trimester of pregnancy the placental endothelium is richly endowed with insulin receptors. In a pregnancy complicated by maternal diabetes, fetal hyperinsulinemia resulting from maternal and, hence, fetal hyperglycaemia induces changes in the placental vasculature such as increased growth and angiogenesis. This review will discuss general effects of insulin on endothelial cells and further focus on insulin effects on the placental endothelium. Isolation and culture of placental endothelial cells has allowed the identification of insulin effects in vitro. These include metabolic effects of insulin i.e. stimulation of glycogen synthesis, and modulation of angiogenesis on the placental arterial endothelium i.e. regulation of ephrin-B2 expression, an arterial specific signalling molecule implicated in sprouting. The effect of insulin on ephrin-B2 in placental arterial endothelial cells as well as their particularly high expression levels of insulin receptors and receptors for vascular endothelial growth factors indicate that placental angiogenesis is likely to emanate from the arterial compartment and is stimulated by insulin.
Maternal diabetes causes coordinated down-regulation of genes involved with lipid metabolism in the murine fetal heart.; Maternal diabetes is associated with increased transport of lipids to the fetus and increased risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus. During fetal life, the heart normally has limited capacity to use lipids as fuel; and, at least in adults, cardiac lipid accumulation may lead to cardiomyopathy. Postnatally, lipid supply is increased when the offspring begins to suckle. We examined offspring from hypoinsulinemic Ins2(Akita) mice to assess whether maternal diabetes results in fetal myocardial hypertrophy and triglyceride accumulation and compared these with fetal hearts collected postnatally. On embryonic days 16 to 19, the fetal heart weight and triglyceride content were similar in offspring from Ins2(Akita) and nondiabetic wild-type mothers. The heart expression of lipid-metabolizing genes (peroxisomal proliferator-activated receptor alpha, lipoprotein lipase, fatty acid translocase, and fatty acid transport protein 1) was reduced in offspring from Ins2(Akita) mothers with high blood glucose levels and were closely intercorrelated, suggesting coordinated down-regulation. In contrast, on day 1 postnatally where the lipid availability to the heart is markedly increased, heart triglycerides and expression of several lipid-metabolizing genes (including lipoprotein lipase and fatty acid transport protein 1) were increased in offspring from wild-type mice. The results suggest that maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus in Ins2(Akita) mice does not cause cardiac hypertrophy or triglycerides accumulation in the fetal heart, possibly because of a coordinated down-regulation of genes controlling fatty acid uptake.
Pregnancy outcomes after laparoscopic ovarian drilling in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: To study whether there is an increased risk of glucose intolerance and hypertensive complications during pregnancy in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) who conceived after laparoscopic ovarian drilling and to investigate if there is an adverse pregnancy outcome. METHODS: This prospective study took place at Salmaniya Medical Complex in Bahrain, between June 1996 and June 2003. We compared the pregnancy and neonatal outcomes of 134 patients with PCOS who were treated with laparoscopic ovarian drilling with 479 pregnant women without PCOS (controls). We used the multiple logistic regression analysis to assess the risk of PCOS on impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) and premature delivery. RESULTS: Subjects with PCOS had a significantly greater prepregnancy body mass index, prevalence of obesity and nulliparity as compared with controls. The incidence of IGT (p=0.007), GDM (p=0.01) and HDP (p=0.001) were significantly higher in pregnant PCOS compared with the control group. There were no significant differences in the neonatal outcomes and prevalence of premature delivery between the 2 study groups. When non-obese PCOS patients were compared with non-obese controls, the incidence of GDM (p=0.04) and HDP (p=0.004) were still significantly higher in the former. The prevalence of pregnancy complications were not significantly different when obese PCOS were compared with obese control patients. The PCOS was demonstrated as a risk factor for IGT (p=0.05), GDM (p=0.03) and HDP (p=0.03), but not for premature delivery. CONCLUSION: Women with PCOS who conceived after the drilling were at higher risk of IGT, GDM and HDP, and this risk seemed to be independent of maternal obesity.
Role of prenatal echocardiography in the study of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus.; The increased incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in children of diabetic mothers has already been demonstrated, but its prenatal diagnosis has not yet been extensively studied. The purpose of this prospective study was to evaluate the frequency, severity, and echocardiographic features of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a population with several indications for prenatal echocardiography. From March 1987 to April 1991, 283 fetuses were submitted to comprehensive prenatal echocardiography, including M-mode measurements, cross-sectional imaging, Doppler studies, and color flow mapping. One hundred seventy-six were pregnancies complicated by previous or gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of disproportionate septal hypertrophy was made in 39 fetuses (mean septal thickness 7.12 +/- 1.6 mm), at a mean gestational age of 32 weeks. Diabetes mellitus was present in 36 of these pregnancies (92.3%). In four cases, nonimmune hydrops was detected. A systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve was present in three fetuses, but only one showed a gradient across the left ventricular outflow tract. Postnatal echocardiographic examination in 27 babies did not show false positivity. In ten cases, spontaneous regression of the septal hypertrophy was shown. There were three neonatal deaths, unrelated to the myocardial disease. We concluded that transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a frequent entity, especially when associated with diabetes during gestation, being a potential cause for nonimmune hydrops. Fetal echocardiography is the method of choice for its prenatal diagnosis and should always be indicated in diabetic mothers.
Fetal heart circumference as a predictor of menstrual age in fetuses affected by disturbances in growth.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was twofold: (1) to evaluate the relationship between fetal heart circumference and gestational age and (2) to determine the effect, if any, of disturbances in fetal growth on heart circumference. STUDY DESIGN: Heart circumference was measured in 262 women with normal gestations (control group) and in two study groups consisting of 52 large-for-gestational age 32 small-for-gestational age fetuses. Standardized, gestational age-adjusted values in the two study groups were compared with normative data provided by the control group. RESULTS: There was a close correlation (R2 = 0.94) between heart circumference and gestational age in normally growing fetuses. Disturbances of fetal growth (i.e., macrosomia and growth retardation) were found to have an inconsistent effect on heart circumference. CONCLUSION: Heart circumference cannot be used as an independent parameter for gestational age evaluation in fetuses with disturbances of growth.
Randomised clinical trial using Coronary Artery Calcium Scoring in Australian Women with Novel Cardiovascular Risk Factors (CAC-WOMEN Trial): study protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women around the world. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women (Australian Indigenous women) have a high burden of CVD, occurring on average 10-20 years earlier than non-Indigenous women. Traditional risk prediction tools (eg, Framingham) underpredict CVD risk in women and Indigenous people and do not consider female-specific 'risk-enhancers' such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and premature menopause. A CT coronary artery calcium score ('CT-calcium score') can detect calcified atherosclerotic plaque well before the onset of symptoms, being the single best predictor for future cardiac events. A CT-calcium score may therefore help physicians intensify medical therapy in women with risk-enhancing factors. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This multisite, single-blind randomised (1:1) controlled trial of 700 women will assess the effectiveness of a CT-calcium score-guided approach on cardiovascular risk factor control and healthy lifestyle adherence, compared with standard care. Women without CVD aged 40-65 (35-65 for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women) at low-intermediate risk on standard risk calculators and with at least one risk-enhancing factor (eg, HDP, GDM, premature menopause) will be recruited. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women will be actively recruited, aiming for ~10% of the sample size. The 6-month coprimary outcomes will be low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure. Barriers and enablers will be assessed, and a health economic analysis performed. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Western Sydney Local Health District Research Ethics Committee (HREC 2021/ETH11250) provided ethics approval. Written informed consent will be obtained before randomisation. Consent will be sought for access to individual participant Medicare Benefits Schedule, Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme claims usage through Medicare Australia and linked Admitted Patient Data Collection. Study results will be disseminated via peer-reviewed publications and presentations at national and international conferences. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12621001738819p.
Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in South Asian women in the United States.; AIMS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes. The incidence of both GDM and type 2 diabetes is exceedingly high in South Asian populations. However, the risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM in South Asian women in the United States is unknown. METHODS: South Asians aged 40 to 84 years without known cardiovascular disease were enrolled in a community-based cohort called Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study. A history of GDM was elicited through self-report, and type 2 diabetes was ascertained by an oral glucose tolerance test. We performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to examine the odds of type 2 diabetes after GDM history in this cross-sectional analysis. RESULTS: About 9.7% of women in the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study self-reported a history of GDM, and were significantly younger, with higher mean diastolic blood pressure and self-reported weight at age 20 and 40 years than women without a history of GDM. In a model adjusted for age, weight at age 40, family history of diabetes, education, income, physical activity, caloric intake, alcohol use, and cigarette smoking, women with a history of GDM had increased odds of having type 2 diabetes compared with women without GDM (OR 3.2; 95% CI 1.3, 7.5). CONCLUSIONS: A history of GDM further increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in US South Asian women. Our findings underscore the importance of early postpartum screening in a population at high risk for type 2 diabetes.
Doppler echocardiographic studies of diastolic cardiac function in the human fetal heart.; Fetal echocardiography has been used for the noninvasive evaluation of human fetal cardiac anatomy, function, and hemodynamics. The purpose of the present study was to use Doppler echocardiographic methods to measure diastolic flow velocity patterns across the tricuspid and mitral valves in human fetuses during gestation. Fifty normal fetuses, 35 fetuses with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), and 30 fetuses of diabetic mothers (DM) were studied. Peak flow velocities during early diastole (peak E wave) and peak flow velocities during atrial contraction (peak A wave) were measured, and the peak E/A ratio was calculated. The peak E/A ratio of the left ventricle in fetuses increased gradually with increasing gestational age (r = 0.57, p < 0.05), and the peak E/A ratio of the right ventricle in fetuses increased linearly with increasing gestational age (r = 0.48, p < 0.05). In early gestational age, the peak E/A ratios of both the left and right ventricle in fetuses with IUGR and of DM were not significantly different from those in the controls. However, in late gestational age, the peak E/A ratios of both the left and right ventricle in fetuses with IUGR and of DM were significantly smaller than those in the controls. This gradual decrease in the peak E/A ratio during gestation may represent the maturational or developmental alteration of diastolic cardiac properties in utero. Fetuses with IUGR and of DM may have abnormal diastolic cardiac function in later gestation.
Review: Differential placental macrovascular and microvascular endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes.; Human endothelial dysfunction is a common feature in many diseases of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes (GD). Metabolic changes include abnormal synthesis of nitric oxide (NO) and abnormal membrane transport of l-arginine and adenosine in primary cultures of human umbilical vein (HUVEC, macrovascular) and placental microvillus (hPMEC, microvascular) endothelial cells. These alterations are associated with modifications in the expression and activity of endothelial (eNOS) and inducible (iNOS) NO synthases, respectively, an effect that is maintained at least up to passage 5 in culture. HUVEC and hPMEC exhibit expression and activity of the human cationic amino acid transporter 1 (hCAT-1), equilibrative nucleoside transporters 1 (hENT1) and hENT2, as well as the corresponding SLC7A1, SLC29A1 and SLC29A2 gene promoter activities. Altered gene expression results from increased NO level, protein kinase C, mitogen-activated protein kinases, and hCHOP-C/EBPα transcription factor activation. Reduced ENT-mediated adenosine transport in GD is associated with stimulation of the l-arginine/NO pathway, and mainly due to reduced expression and activity of hENT1. In addition, hENT2 activity seems able to restore the reduced adenosine transport in GD. Additionally, insulin exerts a differential modulation of endothelial cells from macrocirculation compared with microcirculation, possibly due to expression of different insulin receptor isoforms. It is suggested that a common functional characteristic leading to changes in the bioavailability of adenosine and metabolism of l-arginine is evidenced by human fetal micro and macrovascular endothelium in GD.
Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as vascular risk signals: an overview and grading of the evidence.; The occurrence of common pregnancy-related medical disorders identifies women at high risk of developing future vascular disease. Systematic reviews of cohort studies demonstrate that gestational diabetes confers a 7-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia confers a 1.8-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes and 3.4-fold risk increase for hypertension. Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) increase the risk of premature vascular disease, but the 2-fold risk increase associated with preeclampsia is only partially explained by the development of traditional vascular risk factors. Despite the compelling evidence for gestational diabetes and HDP as vascular risk indicators, there are no published Canadian vascular prevention guidelines that recognize these postpartum women. In contrast, the 2011 American Heart Association guidelines on cardiovascular disease in women include gestational diabetes and HDP in their vascular risk assessment. Studies indicate that the importance surveillance of vascular risk factors in these women after pregnancy is underappreciated by the women themselves and their physicians. Although a prudent diet and physically active lifestyle were demonstrated to reduce diabetes risk in women with a gestational diabetes history in the American Diabetes Prevention Program trial, adoption of these health behaviours is low; qualitative studies confirm a need for tailored strategies that address barriers and provide social support. Further research is also needed on approaches to reduce vascular risk in women with a history of gestational diabetes and HDP. Otherwise, an early window of opportunity for chronic disease prevention in young, high-risk women will be missed.
Mitochondrial-derived peptides: Antidiabetic functions and evolutionary perspectives.; Mitochondrial-derived peptides (MDPs) are a novel class of bioactive microproteins encoded by short open-reading frames (sORF) in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). Currently, three types of MDPs have been identified: Humanin (HN), MOTS-c (Mitochondrial ORF within Twelve S rRNA type-c), and SHLP1-6 (small Humanin-like peptide, 1 to 6). The 12 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR1) gene harbors the sequence for MOTS-c, whereas HN and SHLP1-6 are encoded by the 16 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR2) gene. Special genetic codes are used in mtDNA as compared to nuclear DNA: (i) ATA and ATT are used as start codons in addition to the standard start codon ATG; (ii) AGA and AGG are used as stop codons instead of coding for arginine; (iii) the standard stop codon UGA is used to code for tryptophan. While HN, SHLP6, and MOTS-c are encoded by the H (heavy owing to high guanine + thymine base composition)-strand of the mtDNA, SHLP1-5 are encoded by the L (light owing to less guanine + thymine base composition)-strand. MDPs attenuate disease pathology including Type 1 diabetes (T1D), Type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes, Alzheimer's disease (AD), cardiovascular diseases, prostate cancer, and macular degeneration. The current review will focus on the MDP regulation of T2D, T1D, and gestational diabetes along with an emphasis on the evolutionary pressures for conservation of the amino acid sequences of MDPs.
Fetal echocardiography in a low-income setting: relying on local Maternal-fetal medicine experts for detection of fetal cardiac anomalies.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the experience of performing fetal echocardiography (FE) to detect fetal cardiac anomalies prenatally in an Ethiopian setting. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted at St Paul's Hospital Millennium Medical College (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia), from October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020. Data for FE cases (on a risk-factor indication basis) performed at 22-24 weeks at the hospital during the study period were collected prospectively and analyzed using SPSSS version 23. Simple descriptive statistics were used to analyze the data. Results were presented as percentages and frequencies. RESULTS: A total of 142 women who had FE were analyzed in this study. Fetal structural defect in other systems and maternal diabetes mellitus were the commonest indications for FE, seen in 48.2% (67/142) and 25.7% (36/142) of the participants, respectively. There were 5 cases (3.5%) of fetal cardiac anomalies among which were hypoplastic left heart syndrome, pulmonary stenosis, and cardiac tumor. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of fetal cardiac anomalies in this study was found to be 3.5%. Fetal structural defects and maternal diabetes mellitus were the commonest indications for FE which is consistent with findings from previous similar studies.
Left-isomerism sequence and maternal type-1 diabetes.; Defects of lateralisation have previously been recognised in the offspring of women with type-1 diabetes. In a 3-year period, three of the six cases of left isomerism sequence notified to the Northern Region Congenital Abnormality Survey were the infants of diabetic mothers. This finding suggests a specific association between bilateral left-sidedness and maternal type-1 diabetes.
Isolated adrenocorticotropic hormone deficiency with antepartum pituitary infarction in a type I diabetic.; Isolated adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) deficiency was documented after cesarean delivery in a patient with type I diabetes. A preceding severe headache, subsequent declining insulin requirements, and hypotension are consistent with pituitary infarction in a patient without computed tomography evidence of a pituitary tumor. Antepartum incomplete pituitary infarction with isolated ACTH deficiency is an unusual but potentially catastrophic complication of the pregnant diabetic.
Maternal ophthalmic artery doppler velocimetry in type 1 diabetes during pregnancy.; Our purpose was to evaluate whether maternal ophthalmic artery pulsatility index (PI) in normotensive pregnancies with type 1 diabetes is different from that in normal normotensive pregnancies. The ophthalmic artery in 15 normal normotensive pregnant women, and 13 normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was studied once with colour Doppler flow imaging and pulsed Doppler ultrasonography after 16 weeks gestation. The heart rate, mean arterial blood pressure, and ophthalmic artery PI were calculated in each group. The PI (1.94 +/- 0.45) in normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was significantly lower than that (2.73 +/- 0.32) in normal normotensive pregnant women (P < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in maternal heart rate or mean arterial blood pressure between the two groups. These results suggest that vascular resistance in the maternal orbital circulation is reduced in pregnancies with type 1 diabetes that are normotensive. The lower PI in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes should be interpreted as orbital vascular vasodilatation, indicating orbital hyperperfusion or hyperaemia.
Associations for birthweight of twin pairs in south India.; AIM: The aim of this study was to determine the distribution and associations of birthweight in twin pairs among a population of pregnant women in south India. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This was a retrospective case record analysis of 705 twin pair pregnancies during the period 2008-2012. Associations of birthweight with maternal age, parity, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes, obesity, chorionicity and sex of the twin pairs was explored using bivariate and multivariate analysis. RESULTS: The median birthweight (4250 g, interquartile range 3530-4810) of dichorionic twins was significantly higher (P < 0.0001) than monochorionic twins (3880 g, interquartile range 3000-4380). Birthweight was associated with chorionicity (t = 4.04, P < 0.001), obesity (t = 2.44, P = 0.03), nulliparity (t = -2.87, P = 0.004), and PIH (t = -2.11, P = 0.04) in a multivariate linear regression model. Birthweights did not differ significantly between female-male and female-female pairs (t = 0.11, P = 0.81), female-male and male-male pairs (t = -0.62, P = 0.54) or female-female and male-male pairs (t = -0.78, P = 0.43) in a multivariate linear regression model. The highest birthweight of the twin pair did not differ significantly (t = 1.27, P = 0.21) by sex of the twin. CONCLUSIONS: Birthweight of twins was significantly associated with chorionicity, obesity, PIH and nulliparity in this population. A potential masculinization effect was not found as the total birthweights did not differ significantly by sex of the twin pairs.
[Controlling hypertension in the pregnant diabetic woman].; High blood pressure occurs in many pregnant diabetic patients (30 to 40 p cent), and it is associated with significant impairement of fetal prognosis. Hypertension is no doubt a marker of the vascular diabetic disease, which obviates an adequate placentation. Proper antihypertensive management is necessary in those patients, but its prognostic importance is far less than is that of a perfect glycemic control. Antihypertensive therapy differs in some aspects from what is should be in non-pregnant patients: first, compounds such as angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, or calcium-channel blockers are not considered safe in pregnant women, whereas they are the first choice in non-pregnant diabetics. Second, over-control of blood pressure is very harmful to fetal growth, and should be carefully avoided. Finally, present literature lacks proper controlled studies, which could help in designing the best antihypertensive therapeutic strategy in pregnant diabetic patients.
Transgelin induces dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony-forming cells from gestational diabetic pregnancies.; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including hypertension and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through the functional impairment of vascular progenitor cells, including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Previously, we showed that fetal ECFCs exposed to GDM have decreased vasculogenic potential and altered gene expression. In this study, we evaluate whether transgelin (TAGLN), which is increased in GDM-exposed ECFCs, contributes to vasculogenic dysfunction. TAGLN is an actin-binding protein involved in the regulation of cytoskeletal rearrangement. We hypothesized that increased TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed fetal ECFCs decreases network formation by impairing cytoskeletal rearrangement resulting in reduced cell migration. To determine if TAGLN is required and/or sufficient to impair ECFC network formation, TAGLN was reduced and overexpressed in ECFCs from GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies, respectively. Decreasing TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed ECFCs improved network formation and stability as well as increased migration. In contrast, overexpressing TAGLN in ECFCs from uncomplicated pregnancies decreased network formation, network stability, migration, and alignment to laminar flow. Overall, these data suggest that increased TAGLN likely contributes to the vasculogenic dysfunction observed in GDM-exposed ECFCs, as it impairs ECFC migration, cell alignment, and network formation. Identifying the molecular mechanisms underlying fetal ECFC dysfunction following GDM exposure is key to ascertain mechanistically the basis for cardiovascular disease predisposition later in life.
Pregnancy-related events associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease burden in late midlife: SWAN.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Reproductive factors are associated with later life CVD in women (e.g., age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), but studies have focused largely on premenopausal women. We examined the relationship of reproductive factors with subclinical CVD burden in late midlife women. METHODS: We included 964 parous women from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN), who completed a reproductive history questionnaire at the 13th SWAN visit (2011-2012), and a carotid ultrasound and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) assessment. The primary outcomes were carotid intima-media thickness, plaque, and baPWV; our secondary outcome was a composite subclinical CVD index created using these measures. Linear and logistic regression was performed to examine associations with individual subclinical CVD measures, and multinomial logistic regression was used in analyses of the composite index. Models adjusted for socio-demographics and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Mean age at subclinical CVD assessment was 60.2 years (SD ± 2.7). History of gestational hypertension/preeclampsia was associated with greater carotid IMT (β: 0.038, p = 0.004). Earlier age at first birth was associated with subclinical CVD, but not when accounting for CVD risk factors. History of gestational diabetes was associated with greater baPWV, but not related to our composite index. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy history is an important marker of subclinical CVD in late midlife and may impact the vasculature through distinct pathways. Future studies are necessary to evaluate racial/ethnic differences in the observed associations and to assess the benefit of a composite subclinical CVD index for earlier CVD risk modification in midlife women.
Increased global placental DNA methylation levels are associated with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. It is known that GDM is associated with an altered placental function and changes in placental gene regulation. More recent studies demonstrated an involvement of epigenetic mechanisms. So far, the focus regarding placental epigenetic changes in GDM was set on gene-specific DNA methylation analyses. Studies that robustly investigated placental global DNA methylation are lacking. However, several studies showed that tissue-specific alterations in global DNA methylation are independently associated with type 2 diabetes. Thus, the aim of this study was to characterize global placental DNA methylation by robustly measuring placental DNA 5-methylcytosine (5mC) content and to examine whether differences in placental global DNA methylation are associated with GDM. METHODS: Global DNA methylation was quantified by the current gold standard method, LC-MS/MS. In total, 1030 placental samples were analyzed in this single-center birth cohort study. RESULTS: Mothers with GDM displayed a significantly increased global placental DNA methylation (3.22 ± 0.63 vs. 3.00 ± 0.46 %; p = 0.013; ±SD). Bivariate logistic regression showed a highly significant positive correlation between global placental DNA methylation and the presence of GDM (p = 0.0009). Quintile stratification according to placental DNA 5mC levels revealed that the frequency of GDM was evenly distributed in quintiles 1-4 (2.9-5.3 %), whereas the frequency in the fifth quintile was significantly higher (10.7 %; p = 0.003). Bivariate logistic models adjusted for maternal age, BMI, ethnicity, recurrent miscarriages, and familiar diabetes predisposition clearly demonstrated an independent association between global placental DNA hypermethylation and GDM. Furthermore, an ANCOVA model considering known predictors of DNA methylation substantiated an independent association between GDM and placental DNA methylation. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study that employed a robust quantitative assessment of placental global DNA methylation in over a thousand placental samples. The study provides large scale evidence that placental global DNA hypermethylation is associated with GDM, independent of established risk factors.
Impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether otherwise healthy women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may have abnormalities in endothelial function at a very early stage, before glucose intolerance occurs. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 33 women with previous GDM (17 nonobese [BMI < 27] and 16 obese [BMI > or = 27]) and 19 healthy nonobese women were examined. A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed, and insulin levels and biochemical parameters were also measured. Using high-resolution ultrasound, we measured vasodilatory responses of the brachial artery during reactive hyperemia (endothelium-dependent vasodilatation), and after nitroglycerin administration, an endothelium-independent vasodilator. RESULTS: Flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) was significantly and equally decreased in both groups of women with previous GDM, compared with control subjects (1.6 +/- 3.7% in the nonobese GDM group and 1.6 +/- 2.5% in the obese GDM group vs. 10.3 +/- 4.4% in control subjects, P < 0.001). FMD correlated inversely with serum uric acid levels, BMI, serum total cholesterol, and basal insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment). Nitrate-induced dilatation was significantly decreased only in the obese GDM group compared with control subjects, (21.4 +/- 5.1 vs. 27.9 +/- 9.5, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Endothelial dysfunction, which is considered as a very early index of atherogenesis, is already present in both obese and nonobese women with a history of GDM, even when they have normal glucose tolerance.
Bariatric surgery and pregnancy: the magical solution?; The obesity epidemic is a problem of global importance with a profound impact on maternal-fetal health. Currently, 1 in 5 women, worldwide, are obese at time of conception. Normalizing pregravid weight may significantly reduce obstetrical complications and alter the long-term weight status of mother and child. Bariatric surgery is the most efficient form of weight loss in severely obese women. Surgery has the exciting potential to treat obesity in women of reproductive age and to prevent obesity-related reproductive complications. Pregnancy after bariatric surgery appears to be safe and is effective in reducing complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertensive disorders and fetal macrosomia, but may result in an increase in neonates born small-for-gestational-age.
Prenatally programmed hypertension: role of maternal diabetes.; Epidemiological and experimental studies have led to the hypothesis of the fetal origin of adult diseases, suggesting that some adult diseases might be determined before birth by altered fetal development. Maternal diabetes subjects the fetus to an adverse environment that has been demonstrated to result in metabolic, cardiovascular and renal impairment in the offspring. The growing amount of obesity in young females in developed and some developing countries should contribute to increasing the incidence of diabetes among pregnant women. In this review, we discuss how renal and extrarenal mechanisms participate in the genesis of hypertension induced by a diabetic status during fetal development.
Epigenetic programming, early life nutrition and the risk of metabolic disease.; Time separates the past from the present, during this period memory are formed - written in code and decoded to be read while other memories are erased - but when it comes to the epigenome some memories are harder to forget than others. Recent studies show chemical information is written in the context of the epigenome and codified on histone and non-histone proteins to regulate nuclear processes such as gene transcription. The genome is also subject to modification in the form of 5-methylcytosine, which has been implicated in metabolic memory. In this review, we examine some of the chemical modifications that signal early life events and explore epigenetic changes that underlie the diabetic vasculature. The fine balance between past and present is discussed, as it pertains to gestational diabetes and obesity in context to the Barker hypothesis. We also examine emerging experimental evidence suggesting the hypothalamus as a central regulator of obesity risk and explore current genomic medicine. As for how cells recall specific chemical information, we examine the experimental evidence implicating chemical cues on the epigenome, providing examples of diet during pregnancy and the increased risk of disease in offspring.
Are babies of normal birth weight who fail to reach their growth potential as diagnosed by ultrasound at increased risk?; The objectives of this study were to identify, by means of two third-trimester scans, fetuses with ultrasound evidence of inadequate growth but who were born with birth weights above the 10th centile for gestational age; and to determine if these infants constitute a high-risk group by comparing the incidence of obstetric intervention, of intrapartum complications and of neonatal morbidity between this group and the group of infants who showed no ultrasound evidence of intrauterine growth restraint. A total of 285 women with singleton pregnancies who were referred for a third-trimester ultrasound examination were included in this prospective study. Fetal weight was estimated by ultrasound twice in the third trimester and at each examination was assigned a centile score. A fall of > 20 centiles was taken as evidence of inadequate growth. The outcomes measured were the incidence of abnormal umbilical artery Doppler, induction of labor, meconiumstaining of the liquor, intrapartum fetal blood sampling, operative vaginal delivery, Cesarean section, Apgar score of < 7 at 5 min and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. Seventy-five patients showed a drop of > 20 centiles between the first and second scans. The incidence of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit was greater in those infants who had ultrasound evidence of growth restraint. We conclude that infants of normal birth weight with inadequate growth diagnosed on ultrasound are not at increased risk, they have an increased incidence of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, and they are more commonly found in mothers with diabetes mellitus.
The pregnancy-induced increase of plasma angiotensin-(1-7) is blunted in gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: It has been shown that the circulating Renin-Angiotensin System (RAS) is activated during normal pregnancy, but little is known about RAS in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM). GDM is considered not merely a temporary condition, but a harbinger of hypertension and type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study was to evaluate the circulating RAS profile in normotensive women with GDM at the third trimester of pregnancy and to compare the results with healthy pregnant and non-pregnant age-matched women. METHODS: The diagnostic criteria for GDM followed the recommendations of the American Diabetes Association. Angiotensin I (Ang I), Angiotensin II (Ang II) and Angiotensin 1-7 [Ang-(1-7)] were determined in 24 pregnant patients with GDM; 12 healthy pregnant women and 12 non-pregnant women by radioimmunoassay. RESULTS: Levels of Ang I, Ang II and Ang-(1-7) were higher in pregnant women (p<0.05), but showed a different pattern in the GDM group, in which reduced Ang-(1-7) circulating levels were found (p<0.05). This observation was confirmed by the significantly lower Ang-(1-7)/Ang I ratio (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that reduced levels of the vasodilator Ang-(1-7) could be implicated in the endothelial dysfunction seen in gestational diabetic women during and after pregnancy.
Estimating the risk after gestational diabetes mellitus: can we improve the information from the postpartum OGTT?; Risk stratification after pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is based on screening with the 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Actually, prediabetes and diabetes are diagnosed by impaired fasting [fasting plasma glucose (FPG)] and 120 min-postload glucose levels (120'-PLG). We hypothesized that the clinical information could be improved by including measurements at different time points from the OGTT in the medical decision-making process. One hundred ten women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) and 41 controls were included 3-6 mo after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments: 3-h OGTT, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) with markers of inflammation and endothelial function. pGDMs were annually invited for reexaminations for a maximum of 10 yr. Multiple linear regression suggested that postload glucose levels at 60 min (60'-PLG) were a better predictor for insulin sensitivity [β: -0.10, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.14 to -0.05, P < 0.001] and disposition index (DI) (β: -0.07, 95% CI -0.12 to -0.02, P = 0.004) estimated from the FSIGT compared with other time points during the OGTT. The association between 60'-PLG and insulin secretion was of particular importance in women after GDM. We further identified associations of 60'-PLG with ultrasensitive C-reactive protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor 1, tissue plasminogen activator, endothelial-leukocyte adhesion molecule 1, and intercellular adhesion molecule (ICAM)-1. There appeared to be no interactions between females with pGDM and controls, suggesting comparable effects. We observed that 60'-PLG levels were closely related to the later onset of diabetes independent from the routinely measured FPG and 120'-PLG levels. Our data suggest that the sole interpretation of FPG and 120'-PLG of the OGTT leads to significant loss of information. Particularly 60'-PLG was shown to distinguish women at low or high metabolic and cardiovascular risk.
An Electronic Medical Record Intervention to Increase Early Screening Rates for Gestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: Our objective was to implement an electronic medical record reminder to perform the early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening test and to evaluate if this intervention increased screening rates. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective chart review of all deliveries at Mount Sinai West in January 2020 to determine the number of patients that met criteria for and actually underwent early GDM screening. A total of 314 patients had complete charts with pregnancy data. The following American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG)-defined risk factors were collected: body mass index greater than 25 (Asians greater than 23), history of GDM, history of macrosomia, hypertension (systolic >140 or diastolic >90), polycystic ovarian syndrome, hemoglobin A1c above 5.7, cardiovascular disease, and family history of diabetes. We used this data to advocate for and design an electronic medical record-based intervention to remind obstetric providers to complete the early glucose challenge test screening for eligible patients at the first prenatal visit. RESULTS: Our investigation confirms there is a low adherence rate of 12% at our facility to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines (12 out of 97 patients). Furthermore, nearly one-fifth (16 out of 85) of eligible patients who did not receive screening were eventually diagnosed with GDM by screening at 24 to 28 weeks. After implementing an electronic medical record reminder at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates more than doubled to 28% (33 out of 115 eligible patients). The most common diabetic risk factors were high-risk ethnic background, current hypertension, family history of diabetes, history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, and body mass index of 40 or greater. CONCLUSION: Our data suggests that obstetricians could be missing an opportunity to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes by diagnosing GDM earlier in pregnancy, as recommended by ACOG. The adoption of an electronic medical record reminder seems to improve the rate of indicated early GDM screening. KEY POINTS: · There is a low adherence rate of 16% to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines.. · After implementing an electronic medical record alert at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates nearly doubled.. · Screening rates were higher at prenatal practices with resident physician involvement in patient care..
Management of infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes. Paediatric environment.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the modalities of neonatal care for cases of treated and untreated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A search of the PubMed database was performed and recommendations from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence and the French National Authority for Health were consulted. RESULTS: There were no paediatric indications for birth to take place in a specialised facility, except in cases of severe foetal growth abnormality, major malformations or risk of premature birth. Systematic blood glucose monitoring is recommended for newborns of mothers with insulin-treated GDM, or infants considered large or small for gestational age. Systematic blood glucose monitoring is not recommended for infants of mothers with diet-controlled GDM, or in the absence of growth abnormalities. Newborns should undergo routine neonatal icterus monitoring. Measurement of calcium levels and a complete blood count (CBC) should be carried out when clinically appropriate. Complementary testing for the detection of heart, bone or brain defects should be performed according to clinical signs. The indications for transferring infants of mothers with GDM to a neonatal intensive care unit are the same as for all other newborns. CONCLUSIONS: Newborns can be cared for in general maternity wards, except in cases of premature birth, major malformations or severe foetal growth abnormalities. The management of newborns of mothers with GDM, particularly in the prevention, detection and management of hypoglycaemia, is improved through the existence of a written protocol.
Effects of a partially home-based exercise program for women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effectiveness of a partially home-based, moderate-intensity aerobic exercise program for women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: This was a randomized experimental design. Thirty-three women with gestational diabetes were randomly assigned to the exercise or the no-exercise group. Subjects underwent hemoglobin A1C assay and submaximal cycle ergometer fitness tests at baseline and at study conclusion. Subjects kept diaries of home fasting and 2-hour postprandial blood glucose determinations. Exercise subjects were asked to exercise for 30 minutes three to four times weekly at 70% of estimated maximal heart rate for the weeks of study participation. Two exercise sessions weekly were supervised by the investigator, and two were unsupervised at home. Control-group subjects were asked to maintain their current activity level. RESULTS: Daily fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A1C, incidence of exogenous insulin therapy, and incidence of newborn hypoglycemia were not different between the groups. There was a training effect in the exercise group (P = .005) but not in the control group (P = .25). A significant decline in daily grams of carbohydrate consumed was observed in the control group (P = .03), but not in the exercise group (P = .97). No complications were found in the subjects who exercised. CONCLUSIONS: A partially home-based exercise program did not reduce blood glucose levels, but did result in a modest increase in cardiorespiratory fitness. The intervention appeared safe.
Risk factors for recurrence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, a population-based cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) tend to recur from one pregnancy to the next. The aims of the study were to assess the recurrence risk according to type of HDP defined by gestational age at birth and to examine whether recurrence is associated with the following additional risk factors for HDP: maternal age, smoking, inter-delivery interval, diabetes, body mass index, and fetal growth restriction, and to assess temporal trends in these associations. MATERIAL AND METHODS: All women with two singleton births in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway 1967-2012 (n = 742 980) were included in this population-based cohort study. Logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios for the risk of recurrent HDP according to type of HDP. RESULTS: The highest odds ratio of recurrence was observed for the same type of HDP based on gestational age at delivery. After gestational hypertension and term preeclampsia, the risk for the same type to recur increased 10-fold, whereas after late and early preterm preeclampsia, the risk increased 27- and 97-fold, respectively. The recurrence of early preterm preeclampsia was less influenced by additional risk factors compared with term HDP. Recurrence of early preterm HDP was significantly lower from 1993 onwards. CONCLUSIONS: Recurrent HDP tended to be of the same type as the previous HDP. Risk of recurrence associated with additional risk factors was observed particularly after term. The odds ratio of recurrence of early preterm HDP was significantly lower from 1993 onwards.
Presentation, Clinical Profile, and Prognosis of Young Patients With Myocardial Infarction With Nonobstructive Coronary Arteries (MINOCA): Results From the VIRGO Study.; BACKGROUND: We compared the clinical characteristics and outcomes of young patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) versus obstructive disease (myocardial infarction due to coronary artery disease [MI-CAD]) and among patients with MINOCA by sex and subtype. METHODS AND RESULTS: Between 2008 and 2012, VIRGO (Variation in Recovery: Role of Gender on Outcomes of Young AMI Patients) prospectively enrolled acute myocardial infarction patients aged 18 to 55 years in 103 hospitals at a 2:1 ratio of women to men. Using an angiographically driven taxonomy, we defined patients as having MI-CAD if there was revascularization or plaque ≥50% and as having MINOCA if there was <50% obstruction or a nonplaque mechanism. Patients who did not have an angiogram or who received thrombolytics before an angiogram were excluded. Outcomes included 1- and 12-month mortality and functional (Seattle Angina Questionnaire [SAQ]) and psychosocial status. Of 2690 patients undergoing angiography, 2374 (88.4%) had MI-CAD, 299 (11.1%) had MINOCA, and 17 (0.6%) remained unclassified. Women had 5 times higher odds of having MINOCA than men (14.9% versus 3.5%; odds ratio: 4.84; 95% confidence interval, 3.29-7.13). MINOCA patients were more likely to be without traditional cardiac risk factors (8.7% versus 1.3%; P<0.001) but more predisposed to hypercoaguable states than MI-CAD patients (3.0% versus 1.3%; P=0.036). Women with MI-CAD were more likely than those with MINOCA to be menopausal (55.2% versus 41.2%; P<0.001) or to have a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (16.8% versus 11.0%; P=0.028). The MINOCA mechanisms varied: a nonplaque mechanism was identified for 75 patients (25.1%), and their clinical profiles and management also varied. One- and 12-month mortality with MINOCA and MI-CAD was similar (1-month: 1.1% and 1.7% [P=0.43]; 12-month: 0.6% and 2.3% [P=0.68], respectively), as was adjusted 12-month SAQ quality of life (76.5 versus 73.5, respectively; P=0.06). CONCLUSIONS: Young patients with MINOCA were more likely women, had a heterogeneous mechanistic profile, and had clinical outcomes that were comparable to those of MI-CAD patients. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT00597922.
Neonatal outcome associated with singleton birth at 34-41 weeks of gestation.; BACKGROUND: Approximately 75% of preterm births are late-preterm (34(0/7) to 36(6/7) weeks gestation). This group has usually been considered as a whole in studies assessing the outcome of these preterm infants by comparison with term infants. However, the respective contribution to prognosis of each week of gestation has not been fully clarified. METHODS: A population-based study of 150 426 live-born singleton neonates with gestational ages ranging from 34 to 41 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: The rate of severe respiratory disorders (treated by mechanical ventilation and/or nasal continuous positive airway pressure) markedly declined with gestational age from 19.8% at 34 weeks to 0.28% at 39-41 weeks. Between 34 and 38 weeks, each additional week diminished the relative risk (crude or adjusted) of severe respiratory disorders by a factor varying from 2 to 3. The rate of poor prognosis (death and/or severe neurological condition) significantly declined between 34 and 38 weeks and remained stable thereafter. A multivariate analysis showed that antepartum haemorrhage and hypertensive disorders during pregnancy were significantly associated with severe respiratory disorders and poor outcome. Diabetes was an additional factor associated with severe respiratory disorders. CONCLUSIONS: Future studies should delineate more precisely the respective contribution of gestational age, maternal complication and induced delivery in the prognosis of infants born between 33 and 39 weeks gestation.
Follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents: a core outcome set using a Delphi survey.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with a higher lifetime risk for the development of impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, postpartum depression and tumours. Despite this, there is no consistency in the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Further, the outcomes selected and reported in the research involving this population are heterogeneous and lack standardisation. This amplifies the risk of reporting bias and diminishes the likelihood of significant comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a core outcome set (COS) for RCTs and other studies evaluating the long-term follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/oral glucose-lowering agents. METHODS: The study consisted of three work packages: (1) a systematic review of the outcomes reported in previous RCTs of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents; (2) a three-round online Delphi survey with key stakeholders to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) a consensus meeting where the final COS was decided. RESULTS: Of 3344 abstracts identified and evaluated, 62 papers were retrieved and 25/62 papers were included in this review. A total of 121 outcomes were identified and included in the Delphi survey. Delphi round 1 was emailed to 835 participants and 288 (34.5%) responded. In round 2, 190 of 288 (65.9%) participants responded and in round 3, 165 of 190 (86.8%) participants responded. In total, nine outcomes were selected and agreed for inclusion in the final COS: assessment of glycaemic status; diagnosis of type 2 diabetes since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies with a diagnosis of GDM since the index pregnancy; diagnosis of prediabetes since the index pregnancy; BMI; post-pregnancy weight retention; resting blood pressure; and breastfeeding. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This study identified a COS that will help bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in clinical trials and other studies involving the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women diagnosed with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents during pregnancy.
Second trimester cytokine profiles associated with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; Healthy pregnancy requires a coordinated immune response, yet complications can arise, putting both the mother's and child's health at risk. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are pregnancy-related complications that account for most maternal morbidity and mortality. Cytokines are proteins released as part of the immune response to disease or infection and regulate inflammation. Certain pregnancy complications cause localized and systemic inflammation; however, cytokine profiles specific to such complications are not well understood. This study aims to examine associations between pregnancy complications of HDP and GDM and cytokine profiles in the second trimester of pregnancy. Data was obtained from the All Our Families birth cohort in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. The cohort collected questionnaires at the time of participant enrollment and maternal blood samples at 17-23 weeks gestation. Cases of HDP (n = 27) and GDM (n = 31) were matched to controls on BMI, maternal age, and smoking status in the preconception period at a 1:3 ratio. Cytokine levels were measured in blood samples using Luminex xMAP technology using a panel of 42 cytokines. Using R software, a Classification and Regression Tree (CART) analysis was conducted to identify cytokine profiles and levels associated with each complication. Four cytokines were identified in the HDP CART (in descending order of importance): Monocyte Chemoattractant Protein-1 (cut-off: <480pg/mL), Macrophage Inflammatory Protein-1β (cut-off: ≥26pg/mL), Eotaxin (cut-off: <27/≥27&<36/≥36pg/mL), and Soluble Cluster of Differentiation 40 Ligand (cut-off: <1342pg/mL). Six cytokine levels were identified in the GDM CART: Interleukin-1 Receptor Antagonist (IL-1Ra; cut-off: <25pg/mL), Interleukin-5 (cut-off: ≥0.4pg/mL), Interferon-γ (cut-off: <4.9pg/mL), IL-1Ra (cut-off: ≥111pg/mL), Eotaxin (cut-off: ≥21pg/mL), and Interleukin-18 (cut-off: ≥155pg/mL). By examining the complex inter-relationships between cytokines, findings of cytokine profiles guide further research in identifying biomarkers of pregnancy complications relevant to the design of the future management or prevention of these conditions.
Postpartum Health Care Use After Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; Objective: To examine postpartum health care utilization after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (GD) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) using nationally representative data. Materials and Methods: We examined longitudinal pooled panel data from the 1996-2007 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey with linked data from Pregnancy Detail Files on adult women (>18) with singleton pregnancies who reported an infant delivery. Multivariable weighted logistic regression analyses, including interactions, examined the associations between pregnancy complications (GD/HDP) and three postpartum health care utilization outcomes, adjusting for demographic characteristics. Results: The unweighted sample size included 304 women. Overall, 32% did not report an office visit within 12 weeks postpartum, and 15% did not report an office visit within 1 year postpartum. In addition, 15% had ≥1 emergency room (ER) visit 1 year postpartum. Women with GD/HDP compared with those with neither complication had more ER visits 1 year postpartum (unadjusted mean 4.9 vs. 2.3; p < 0.01). In multivariable analyses, GD and HDP were not independently associated with outcomes. However, education marginally modified the pregnancy complication-office visit 1 year postpartum relationship (p = 0.06). Other demographic characteristics were independently associated with each postpartum health care utilization outcome after adjustment. Conclusions: Women with GD/HDP did not differ from women with neither complication on postpartum utilization outcomes. Less educated women with GD/HDP were more likely to miss an office visit within 1 year postpartum than less educated women with neither complication. Certain subgroups of women were more likely to forego timely and appropriate postpartum care. Efforts to improve care coordination and insurance coverage access during the postpartum period are needed.
Determinants of Spontaneous Preterm Labor and Birth Including Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease and Periodontitis.; BACKGROUND: Periodontitis is reported to be associated with preterm birth (spontaneous preterm labor and birth). Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) is common during pregnancy and is expected to be related to periodontitis. However, little research has been done on the association among preterm birth, GERD and periodontitis. This study uses popular machine learning methods for analyzing preterm birth, GERD and periodontitis. METHODS: Data came from Anam Hospital in Seoul, Korea, with 731 obstetric patients during January 5, 1995 - August 28, 2018. Six machine learning methods were applied and compared for the prediction of preterm birth. Variable importance, the effect of a variable on model performance, was used for identifying major determinants of preterm birth. RESULTS: In terms of accuracy, the random forest (0.8681) was similar with logistic regression (0.8736). Based on variable importance from the random forest, major determinants of preterm birth are delivery and pregestational body mass indexes (BMI) (0.1426 and 0.1215), age (0.1211), parity (0.0868), predelivery systolic and diastolic blood pressure (0.0809 and 0.0763), twin (0.0476), education (0.0332) as well as infant sex (0.0331), prior preterm birth (0.0290), progesterone medication history (0.0279), upper gastrointestinal tract symptom (0.0274), GERD (0.0242), Helicobacter pylori (0.0151), region (0.0139), calcium-channel-blocker medication history (0.0135) and gestational diabetes mellitus (0.0130). Periodontitis ranked 22nd (0.0084). CONCLUSION: GERD is more important than periodontitis for predicting and preventing preterm birth. For preventing preterm birth, preventive measures for hypertension, GERD and diabetes mellitus would be needed alongside the promotion of effective BMI management and appropriate progesterone and calcium-channel-blocker medications.
Evaluating the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic: How Patient Characteristics Predict Follow-Up.; OBJECTIVE: At Kingston General Hospital, women who have pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators (e.g., preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) are offered standardized six-month postpartum follow-up for cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling. We sought to assess how patient characteristics predict attendance at follow-up. METHODS: We undertook a chart review of 650 patients who delivered between April 2011 and December 2014 and had preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between clinical and demographic variables and attendance at the follow-up clinic. RESULTS: Increasing age (in years) was significantly correlated with attendance at follow-up (adjusted OR [aOR] 1.08, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.12). Women who had preeclampsia were significantly more likely to attend than women who had gestational hypertension or gestational diabetes (aOR 1.54, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.26). Women who were known to be non-smokers or whose smoking status was not recorded were significantly more likely to attend follow-up (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 1.32 to 4.62). There was a trend towards lower follow-up for women from census tracts or subdivisions with a greater proportion of individuals without educational certificate, diploma, or degree, but this was not statistically significant (aOR 0.10, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.22). CONCLUSION: There is significant selection bias among women who attend follow-up for postpartum cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes.
Postpartum weight retention and the early evolution of cardiovascular risk over the first 5 years after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The cumulative effect of postpartum weight retention from each pregnancy in a woman's life may contribute to her risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, there is limited direct evidence supporting this hypothesis. Thus, we sought to characterize the impact of postpartum weight retention on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors over the first 5-years after pregnancy. METHODS: In this prospective observational cohort study, 330 women (mean age 35.7 ± 4.3 years, mean pre-pregnancy body mass index 25.2 ± 4.8 kg/m(2), 50.9% primiparous) underwent serial cardiometabolic characterization (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, oral glucose tolerance test, insulin sensitivity/resistance (Matsuda index, HOMA-IR), C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin) at 1-year, 3-years, and 5-years postpartum. Based on the magnitude of weight change between pre-pregnancy and 5-years postpartum, they were stratified into the following 3 groups: weight loss (n = 100), weight gain 0-6% (n = 110), and weight gain ≥ 6% (n = 120). RESULTS: At 1-year postpartum, cardiovascular risk factors did not differ between the groups. However, an adverse risk factor profile progressively emerged in the weight retention groups at 3- and 5-years. Indeed, after covariate adjustment, there was stepwise worsening (from the weight loss group to weight gain 0-6% to weight gain ≥ 6% group) of the following cardiovascular risk factors at 5-years: triglycerides (p = 0.001), HDL (p = 0.02), LDL (p = 0.01), apolipoprotein-B (p = 0.003), Matsuda index (p < 0.0001), HOMA-IR (p < 0.0001), fasting glucose (p = 0.07), and CRP (p = 0.01). Moreover, on logistic regression analyses, weight gain ≥ 6% emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes at 5-years (adjusted OR = 3.40, 95%CI: 1.63-7.09). CONCLUSION: Postpartum weight retention predicts trajectories of worsening cardiovascular risk factors and glucose intolerance over the first 5-years after delivery, consistent with its postulated contribution to future vascular disease in women.
Risk factors for cardiovascular malformation--a study based on prospectively collected data.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to identify risk factors for cardiovascular malformation. METHODS: In a case-referent study prospectively collected data were obtained from original medical records. The study included 277 woman who had infants with a severe cardiac defect, and for each case two referents (medical records study) were included. Data on parental age, maternal reproductive history, disease in early pregnancy, reported maternal use of drugs and alcohol, smoking habits, parental occupation, and maternal body mass index (BMI) were extracted. When data were available from Swedish medical health registers, a comparison was made (register study) between all infants with cardiovascular defects (2208) and all infants born (175 768). RESULTS: Maternal diabetes mellitus was associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular malformation [odds ratio (OR) 2.38, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.36-4.15], as was a high BMI (> 29) (OR 1.46, 95%CI 1.12-1.90). A tendency towards an increased risk was found for involuntary childlessness, spontaneous abortion, thyroid drugs, and nonsteroid anti-inflammatory drugs. CONCLUSIONS: Some known risk factors for cardiac defects (eg, maternal diabetes mellitus and the use of antiepileptics) could be identified. Other postulated risk factors could not be verified, for example, paternal age and parental occupation. The use of medicinal drugs seems not to be a major factor in the etiology of cardiac defects. It is possible, however, that there is an association with the use of nonsteroid anti-inflammatory drugs or drugs for thyroid disease. The relationship between a high BMI and cardiovascular malformation observed in this study may be explained by impaired maternal glucose tolerance.
[Effect of normoglycemic metabolic status in pregnancy on the course of diabetic retinopathy].; Seventy-nine pregnant diabetic women were put under intensified obstetric observation during pregnancy with the aim of achieving normoglycemia. The prevalence and development of diabetic retinopathy were evaluated in 28 of these diabetic women and compared with a control group of 26 diabetic men. The present paper communicates the fundus changes, classified according to the stages of diabetic retinopathy, and their development in the two groups.
Development of proliferative retinopathy in a gestational diabetes patient following rapid metabolic control.; Rapid glucose control was achieved by insulin therapy in a patient diagnosed to have gestational diabetes at 8 weeks of pregnancy. A decrease of the initially high hemoglobin A1c level (16.2%) to normal values (5.9%) was achieved within 12 weeks. At 31 weeks severe bilateral proliferative diabetic retinopathy developed. To our knowledge this case is the first report of a patient with gestational diabetes who developed de novo proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Cardiometabolic risk in Chinese women with prior gestational diabetes: a 15-year follow-up study.; AIMS: The progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and other long-term cardiometabolic risks in Chinese women with prior history of gestational diabetes (GD) was studied at 15 years postpartum. METHODS: 139 Chinese women (45 with GD and 94 with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at the index pregnancy) who had their insulin sensitivity and β-cell functions examined at 8 years postpartum were again followed up at 15 years for the investigation of the rate of type 2 DM, hypertension and metabolic syndrome. RESULTS: Women with prior history of GD had a significantly higher rate of hypertension (35.6% vs. 16.0%, p = 0.01), type 2 DM (24.4% vs. 5.3%, p < 0.001) and impaired glucose regulation (26.6% vs. 14.9%, p < 0.001) than women with NGT during the index pregnancy. The Matsuda insulin sensitivity index and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index at 8 years postpartum were independent predictors of both DM and metabolic syndrome at 15 years postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: The conversion rate of type 2 DM increased at an average rate of 1.6% per year after a pregnancy affected by GD. Insulin resistance at 8 years postpartum could refine a future diabetic risk in women with prior history of GD.
[DiabCare tools for the control of permanent improvement of the quality of care in diabetes].; The St-Vincent declaration supported by WHO/IDF Europe is a vast european program for the improvement of health care and a new strategic approach to the treatment of diabetes. The DiabCare project is to serve as a tool for verification and assessment. Continuous improvement in diabetic patient care could be facilitated by: making comparison between centres, like "looking into a mirror where one can see oneself and the others at the same time"; setting up health care networks (local, regional and national) for all the professionals involved in treating diabetes; promoting and using advanced computer techniques ("smart" health care card). DiabCare-France, created by the "Conseil Supérieur du Diabète", has completed its first task, an "inventory questionnaire", sent to 150 diabetes centres located throughout France.
Diurnal blood glucose profiles in women with gestational diabetes with or without hypertension.; AIM: The aim of the study was to establish whether diurnal blood glucose profiles differed in women with gestational diabetes (GDM) with different forms of hypertensive complications. METHODS: The subjects were patients diagnosed at 26-32 gestational weeks as having GDM (n = 178). They were classified as being normotensive, having chronic hypertension (with or without superimposed pre-eclampsia on chronic hypertension) or pregnancy-induced hypertension (with or without proteinuria). We compared diurnal blood glucose profiles (blood glucose taken every 4 h over 24 h) in these three groups. RESULTS: Hypertension complicated 43% of the women with GDM. The glucose profiles were similar between the three groups, except that in early morning hours (from 04:00 to 08:00 h) blood glucose concentrations increased in mothers with chronic hypertension, whereas they decreased in the normotensive women. In univariate regression analysis, both obesity (BMI > or = 28 kg/m(2)) and chronic hypertension showed significant association with blood glucose rise from 04:00 to 08:00 h, but in a multiple regression model neither showed significant independent effect. CONCLUSIONS: The rise in blood glucose levels during the early morning hours in women with GDM and chronic hypertension could reflect greater insulin resistance and sympathetic overactivity.
Polycystic ovary syndrome is an independent risk factor for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: A systematic review, meta-analysis, and meta-regression.; PURPOSE: The risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is inconsistent in some studies. The aim of this meta-analysis was to examine the evidence regarding the strength of the association between PCOS and HDP. METHODS: PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were systematically searched to identify observational studies investigating HDP in patients with PCOS. The primary outcome was the pooled odds ratio (OR) of HDP, including pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and pre-eclampsia (PE), in women with PCOS compared with the non-PCOS population. RESULTS: A total of 30 studies were eligible for meta-analysis. PCOS was associated with a higher risk of HDP (OR 2.02, 95CI% 1.83-2.22), including PIH (OR 1.94, 95CI% 1.70-2.21), and PE (OR 2.07, 95CI% 1.91-2.24). The association remained significant after adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), and nulliparity (HDP: OR 1.48, 95CI% 1.48-1.60; PIH: OR 1.42, 95%CI 1.29-1.57; PE: OR 2.07, and 95%CI 1.91-2.24). The increased risk of HDP for the PCOS group remained significant in subgroups of BMI, Age, singleton pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hyperandrogenism, and nulliparity, while the finding was not observed in subgroups of nonhyperandrogenic and non-GDM. In the meta-regression, BMI contributed significantly to the heterogeneity in the prevalence of HDP. CONCLUSIONS: PCOS is independently associated with a significantly increased risk of HDP. To prevent HDP during pregnancy, our findings highlight the importance of establishing supervision guidelines for PCOS patients, especially in the population with hyperandrogenism and GDM.
Long-term Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are cardiovascular risk factors that are unique to women and include gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia. While these risk factors emerge during the reproductive years and allow for early risk reduction counseling, they are often overlooked and not elicited by providers. This mini-review focuses primarily on GDM and preeclampsia, their relationship with CVD, mechanisms by which these conditions lead to CVD, and management, pharmacological and nonpharmacological, for the clinician who is caring for a woman with a history of an APO.
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A novel therapeutic perspective.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial disorder that harms both the reproductive as well as metabolic health of women. In addition, PCOS is a leading symptom of infertility in women. Nevertheless, PCOS-afflicted women who are fortunate enough to become pregnant unfortunately have an increased risk of pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, etc. Many people believe GDM disappears after childbirth, despite the fact that GDM is a warning symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). According to growing evidence, GDM complicates 40 % of PCOS pregnancies, suggesting that PCOS is a risk factor for GDM. Hence, PCOS is a lifelong disorder that can eventually lead to various long-term health complications, including chronic menstrual irregularity, infertility, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. Thus, it's an undeniable scientific fact that both PCOS and GDM are significantly associated with each other. However, most studies on the risk of GDM in PCOS patients are retrospective, hence inconclusive evidence exists as to whether PCOS per se is a risk factor for GDM or any other factor associated. Henceforth, we intend to get a better therapeutic perspective of the maternal health complications associated with PCOS and GDM.
Comorbid hypertension and diabetes among U.S. women of reproductive age: Prevalence and disparities.; AIMS: Diabetes is associated with significant pregnancy complications, which can be further exacerbated by comorbid hypertension. Racial/ethnic differentials in the burden of comorbid hypertension and diabetes among women of reproductive age have not been described. METHODS: Using Wave IV of the nationally representative National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health (Add Health), we analyzed survey and biological data from 6576 non-pregnant women who were aged 24-32 in 2007-2008. Hypertension and diabetes were identified by self-report of diagnosis and biological measurements taken during in-home interviews. We used logistic regression models to predict the presence of comorbid hypertension and diabetes and whether each was diagnosed. RESULTS: Over a third (36.0%) of women with diabetes had comorbid hypertension. Compared to non-Hispanic white women, more non-Hispanic black women had comorbid hypertension and diabetes (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 5.93, 95% CI 3.84-9.16), and, if comorbid, were less likely to have a diabetes diagnosis (aOR 0.03, 95% CI 0.007-0.1) or hypertension diagnosis (aOR 0.22, 95% CI 0.08-0.65). CONCLUSION: Comorbid hypertension and diabetes are more common among non-Hispanic black women and less likely to be diagnosed, signaling disparities threatening maternal and child health among women with diabetes.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Diabetes-Lessons Learned From Clinical Research: The 2015 Norbert Freinkel Award Lecture.; Among women with diabetes, the worst pregnancy outcome is seen in the subgroup of women with diabetic nephropathy. Development of severe preeclampsia that leads to early preterm delivery is frequent. Predictors and pathophysiological mechanisms for the development of preeclampsia among women with diabetes and observational studies that support antihypertension treatment for pregnant women with microalbuminuria or diabetic nephropathy preventing preeclampsia and early preterm delivery are presented here. Obtaining and maintaining strict glycemic control before and during pregnancy is paramount to prevent preterm delivery. The cornerstones of diabetes management are appropriate diet and insulin, although the risk of severe hypoglycemia always needs to be taken into account when tailoring a diabetes treatment plan. Pathophysiological mechanisms of the increased risk of hypoglycemia during pregnancy are explored, and studies evaluating the use of insulin analogs, insulin pumps, and continuous glucose monitoring to improve pregnancy outcomes and to reduce the risk of severe hypoglycemia in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes are reported. In addition to strict glycemic control, other factors involved in fetal overgrowth are explored, and restricting maternal gestational weight gain is a promising treatment area. The optimal carbohydrate content of the diet is discussed. In summary, the lessons learned from this clinical research are that glycemic control, gestational weight gain, and antihypertension treatment all are of importance for improving pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with preexisting diabetes. An example of how to use app technology to share the recent evidence-based clinical recommendations for women with diabetes who are pregnant or planning pregnancy is given.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion versus multiple daily injections of insulin for pregnant women with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes results in a rise in blood glucose above normal physiological levels; if untreated this may cause damage to many systems including the cardiovascular and renal systems. Pregnancy increases resistance to insulin action; for those women who have pre-gestational diabetes, this results in an increasing insulin requirement. There are several methods of administering insulin. Conventionally, insulin has been administered subcutaneously, formally referred to as intensive conventional treatment, but now more usually referred to as multiple daily injections (MDI). An alternative method of insulin administration is the continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion pump (CSII). OBJECTIVES: To compare CSII with MDI of insulin for pregnant women with pre-existing and gestational diabetes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 March 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised trials comparing CSII with MDI for pregnant women with diabetes. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Three review authors independently assessed studies and two review authors extracted data. Disagreements were resolved through discussion with the third author. We assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. MAIN RESULTS: We included five single-centre trials (undertaken in Italy) with 153 women and 154 pregnancies in this review.There were no clear differences in the primary outcomes reported between CSII and MDI in the included trials: caesarean section (risk ratio (RR) 1.09, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66 to 1.77; three trials, 71 women, evidence graded very low), large-for-gestational age (RR 4.15, 95% CI 0.49 to 34.95; three trials, 73 infants; evidence graded very low), and perinatal mortality (RR 2.33, 95% CI 0.38 to 14.32; four trials, 83 infants, evidence graded very low). Other primary outcomes were not reported in these trials (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, development of type 2 diabetes, composite outcome of serious neonatal outcomes, and neurosensory disability).There was no clear evidence of differences in the maternal secondary outcomes: maternal weight gain during pregnancy, 24 hour mean blood glucose in each trimester, mean maternal HbA1c in each trimester, maternal hypoglycaemia, and maternal hyperglycaemia. The included studies did not report several GRADE outcomes: perineal trauma, return to pre-pregnancy weight, postnatal depression, induction of labour. Many maternal secondary outcomes were also not reported.In two trials, including a total of 61 infants, CSII was associated with an increase in mean birthweight compared with MDI (mean difference (MD) 220.56 g, 95% CI -2.09 g to 443.20 g; P = 0.05). However, the large CI including anything from a small reduction to an increase in mean birthweight and the lack of a difference in macrosomia rate (RR 3.20, CI 0.14 to 72.62; two trials, 61 infants) suggests uncertainty. Large-for-gestational age (see above), andsmall-for-gestational age also suggests uncertainty of effect. No significant differences were found in: gestation at delivery, preterm birth < 37 weeks' gestation, preterm birth < 32 weeks' gestation, neonatal hypoglycaemia (evidence graded very low), respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia, and fetal anomaly. There were no data reported on many important infant outcomes, including the GRADE outcomes adiposity and diabetes. There was no follow-up of infants in childhood or adulthood, so longer-term outcomes were not reported.The only outcome reported for use of health service resources wasmaternal days hospitalised, which did not show a difference between groups in the small number of women included (MD 9.40, CI -6.04 to 24.84; one trial, 10 women).The methods used by the trials were poorly reported, for example although blinding of participants and clinicians regarding intervention allocation is impossible, it is possible to blind assessors and this along with other aspects of trial methods was not reported, which means that the trials are at an unclear or high risk of bias. We do not know if the women who participated were representative, and therefore if the results can be generalised. Most GRADE outcomes were not reported. For the GRADE outcomes that were reported, our assessment was that the evidence is very low quality (caesarean section, large-for-gestational age, perinatal mortality, andneonatal hypoglycaemia). This was due to design limitations in the included trials, small sample sizes in the trials contributing data, wide CIs crossing both the line of no effect and the line of appreciable benefit and/or harm, and often few events. We are therefore uncertain whether CSII or MDI improves outcomes for pregnant women with diabetes and their infants, and the results of further studies may differ substantially from those presented in this review. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence to support the use of one particular form of insulin administration over another for pregnant women with diabetes. There are only a small number of trials appropriate for meta-analysis, a small number of women included and questionable generalisability of the trial population.Pump technology has progressed since these trials were undertaken. Well-designed randomised trials are required to evaluate comparisons such as patch pumps against MDI and more conventional CSII against MDI. These trials should be adequately powered to assess the effect of interventions, and report the core set of outcomes used in Cochrane reviews of diabetes in pregnancy. Trials to assess the effects of pumps on birthweight and macrosomia rates are needed. It would be beneficial for future trials to undertake longer-term follow-up of participants and their infants, assess women's preferences, and conduct an economic evaluation.
Consumption of red and processed meat during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective birth cohort study.; To investigate the association of red and processed meat intake with the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) in Iranian mothers. A total of 635 pregnant mothers were included. Dietary intake was assessed by a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Intakes of total red meat, unprocessed red meat, and processed meat were calculated and then, Cox proportional hazard model was used to calculate the hazard ratios (HR) and 95%CIs of GDM across tertiles of red meat intake while controlling for age, occupation, pre-pregnancy body mass index, physical activities, history of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and pregnancy hypertension, order of pregnancy, nausea during current pregnancy, multivitamin use during current pregnancy, weight gain during current pregnancy and total energy intake. The average age of the mothers was 28.80 ± 5.09 years, the average pre-pregnancy body mass index was 25.13 ± 4.43 kg/m(2), and the average weight gain during pregnancy was 13.50 ± 5.03 kg. The multivariable-adjusted HRs of GDM for the third tertiles of red and processed meat, red meat, and processed meat intake were, respectively, 1.92 (95% CI 1.06, 3.49), 1.52 (95% CI 0.85, 2.72) and 1.31 (95% CI 0.73, 2.34) when compared to the first tertiles. Our prospective cohort study suggested that there was a positive association between the consumption of red and processed meat and with risk of GDM in a small sample of Iranian mothers with low red meat intake. More large-scale cohort studies in the Iranian population are needed to present more robust evidence in this regard.
Retinal capillary blood flow in diabetic and nondiabetic women during pregnancy and postpartum period.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the response of retinal capillary circulation to pregnancy in women with diabetes and to correlate microcirculatory changes with progression of retinopathy during pregnancy. METHODS: A prospective follow-up study of 32 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes and 11 nondiabetic pregnant women. Perimacular capillary blood flow measured noninvasively by retinal flowmetry in the inferior perimacular retina. Eleven nonpregnant diabetic women served as diabetic control subjects. RESULTS: In diabetic women, blood flows, measured by small-box analysis, were 233 +/- 69 (mean +/- SD) arbitrary units (AU) during the first trimester, 248 +/- 55 AU during the third trimester, and 238 +/- 46 AU 3 months postpartum, compared with 204 +/- 32, 195 +/- 22, and 196 +/- 34 AU in nondiabetic pregnant women (P = 0.007 between groups). A difference of the same magnitude was evident between the two groups when the mean of the 50th (P = 0.032), 75th (P = 0.004), and 90th (P = 0.007) percentiles of the individual pixel flow values were used in point-wise analysis. In nonpregnant diabetic women, the small-box mean value was 201 +/- 36, and the mean of the 75th percentile value in point-wise analysis was 316 +/- 49. Blood flow was lower in nonpregnant than in pregnant diabetic women during the third trimester (P = 0.023 and P = 0.012, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with nondiabetic pregnant women, retinal capillary blood flow was higher in diabetic women during pregnancy and after delivery. Together with the hormonal and metabolic changes occurring during pregnancy, hyperdynamic retinal capillary circulation may contribute to the progression of retinopathy in pregnant diabetic women.
Breastfeeding Associated with Lower Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women with Gestational Diabetes in the Very Early Postpartum Period.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to examine the association of breastfeeding with metabolic syndrome (MetS) in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the very early postpartum (PP) period. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a secondary analysis of the Balance After Baby Intervention (BABI) study which enrolled women with recent GDM. Data collected during an early (~8 weeks) PP visit were used in this analysis. At this visit, weight, height, waist circumference (WC), blood pressure (BP), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and lipids were obtained. MetS was classified per National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Program III (NCEP-ATP III) criteria. We defined breastfeeding as currently breastfeeding or not currently breastfeeding for the main analysis. RESULTS: Of 181 women enrolled in BABI, 178 were included in this analysis (3 excluded for missing lipids). Thirty-four percent were Hispanic. Of non-Hispanics, 31.5% were White, 18.5% Asian, and 12.9% Black/African American. The prevalence of MetS was 42.9% in women not breastfeeding versus 17.1% in women breastfeeding (p < 0.001; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 0.16 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.06-0.41]). Breastfeeding women had significantly lower odds of FPG ≥100 mg/dL (aOR = 0.36 [95% CI: 0.14-0.95], p = 0.039), HDL < 50 mg/dL (aOR = 0.19 [95% CI: 0.08-0.46], p < 0.001), and triglycerides (TG) ≥ 150 mg/dL (aOR = 0.26 [95% CI: 0.10-0.66], p = 0.005). When evaluated as continuous variables, WC, FPG, and TG were significantly lower and HDL significantly higher in women breastfeeding in the very early PP period (vs. not breastfeeding). CONCLUSION: In a diverse population of women with recent GDM, there was lower prevalence of MetS in women breastfeeding compared with those not breastfeeding in the very early PP period. This study extends the findings of an association of breastfeeding with MetS previously reported at time points more remote from pregnancy to the very early PP period and to an ethnically and racially diverse population. KEY POINTS: · MetS prevalence in women with recent GDM was lower in breastfeeding than not breastfeeding women.. · FPG, HDL, WC, and TG were improved in the breastfeeding group.. · This study extends prior findings to the very early PP period and to a diverse population..
Stillbirth in diabetic pregnancies.; Pregnancy in women with pregestational diabetes is associated with high perinatal morbidity and mortality. Stillbirth accounts for the majority of cases with perinatal death. Intrauterine growth restriction, pre-eclampsia, foetal hypoxia and congenital malformations may be contributing factors, but more than 50% of stillbirths are unexplained. Majority of stillbirths are characterised by suboptimal glycaemic control during pregnancy. Foetal hypoxia and cardiac dysfunction secondary to poor glycaemic control are probably the most important pathogenic factors in stillbirths among pregnant diabetic women. There is thus a need for new strategies for improving glycaemic control to near-normal levels throughout pregnancy and for preventing and treating hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. Antenatal surveillance tests including ultrasound examinations of the foetal growth rate, kick counting and non-stress testing of foetal cardiac function are widely used. However, future research should establish better antenatal surveillance tests to identify the infants susceptible to stillbirth before it happens.
Lack of periconceptional vitamins or supplements that contain folic acid and diabetes mellitus-associated birth defects.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine the risk of birth defects in relation to diabetes mellitus and the lack of use of periconceptional vitamins or supplements that contain folic acid. STUDY DESIGN: The National Birth Defects Prevention Study (1997-2004) is a multicenter, population-based case-control study of birth defects (14,721 cases and 5437 control infants). Cases were categorized into 18 types of heart defects and 26 noncardiac birth defects. We estimated odds ratios for independent and joint effects of preexisting diabetes mellitus and a lack of periconceptional use of vitamins or supplements that contain folic acid. RESULTS: The pattern of odds ratios suggested an increased risk of defects that are associated with diabetes mellitus in the absence vs the presence of the periconceptional use of vitamins or supplements that contain folic acid. CONCLUSION: The lack of periconceptional use of vitamins or supplements that contain folic acid may be associated with an excess risk for birth defects due to diabetes mellitus.
Strategies to improve postpartum engagement in healthcare after high-risk conditions diagnosed in pregnancy: a narrative review.; Transition from antepartum to postpartum care is important, but often fragmented, and attendance at postpartum visits can be poor. Access to care is especially important for individuals diagnosed antepartum with conditions associated with longer-term implications, including gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP). Strategies to link and strengthen this transition are essential to support people to attend recommended appointments and testing. This narrative review evaluates what is known about postpartum transition of care after higher-risk antepartum conditions, discusses barriers and facilitators to uptake of recommended testing, and outlines strategies trialled to increase both postpartum attendance and testing. Barriers to attendance frequently overlap with general barriers to accessing healthcare. Specific postpartum challenges include difficulties with transport, coordinating breastfeeding and childcare access. Systemic challenges include inadequate communication to women around implications of health conditions diagnosed in pregnancy, and the importance of postpartum follow up. Uptake of recommended testing after a diagnosis of GDM and HDP is variable but generally suboptimal. Strategies which demonstrate promise include the use of patient navigators, focused education and specialised clinics. Reminder systems have had variable impact. Telehealth and technology are under-utilised in this field but offer promising options particularly with the expansion of virtual healthcare into routine maternity care. Strategies to improve both attendance rates and uptake of testing must be designed to address disparities in healthcare access and tailored to the needs of the community. This review provides a starting point to develop such strategies from the community level to the population level.
Application of ultrasound-based radiomics technology in fetal-lung-texture analysis in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and/or pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVES: To analyze and compare, using ultrasound-based radiomics technology, fetal-lung texture in pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or pre-eclampsia (PE) and in normal pregnancies, overall and at different gestational ages. METHODS: In this retrospective study, 430 high-throughput features per fetal-lung image were extracted from 548 fetal-lung ultrasound images (obtained at the level of the four-chamber view of the heart) in 548 pregnant women who delivered between July 2018 and August 2019 at the Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital of Fudan University. Images had been obtained during ultrasound examinations between 28 and 41 weeks of gestation. The data were divided randomly into training set (80% of fetal-lung images) and independent test set (20% of images), and 20% of the images in the training set were then selected as the validation set. A standard machine-learning model based on ultrasound-based radiomics technology was created using features of fetal-lung texture extracted from the images, and a regression model was used to evaluate the relationship between lung-texture features, GDM and/or PE and gestational age. RESULTS: Of the 548 pregnancies included, 108 were affected by GDM alone, 71 by PE alone and 25 by both GDM and PE, and 344 were normal. The overall performance of the GDM and PE prediction model was superior to that of the gestational-age prediction model, with an area under the receiver-operating-characteristics curve of 0.95-0.99, sensitivity of 78.8-97.1% in the validation set and 74.5-91.3% in the independent test set, specificity of 79.8-94.3% in the validation set and 75.7-88.4% in the independent test set and accuracy of 81.0-95.3% in the validation set and 80.6-86.4% in the independent test set. CONCLUSIONS: Using ultrasound-based radiomics technology, fetal lungs from pregnancies grouped according to whether they were affected by GDM and/or PE could be distinguished from each other and from fetal lungs of normal pregnancies, and lungs from pregnancies at different gestational ages could be distinguished. These findings support further research to explore the use of this non-invasive technology to predict neonatal respiratory complications in women with PE, GDM or their combination. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The role of serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in neonatal outcome.; AIMS: To determine the role of serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in predicting the occurrence of septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of mothers with diabetes. METHODS/MATERIALS: In this prospective study, 100 pregnant women (50 with diabetes and 50 controls), matched for age and race, were studied. One intrapartum blood sample was taken at 28 weeks of gestation from both groups of mothers and another sample at delivery. All samples were analysed for maternal IGF-I by an enzyme linked immunosorbent assay method. A chest radiograph and an electrocardiogram were performed on the babies of the mothers with diabetes within the first 24 hours of life. An echocardiogram was performed in the first 3 days of life to look for septal hypertrophy and to measure the myocardial thickness. RESULTS: In the six cases of neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, all the mothers had greatly raised IGF-I concentrations of more than 400 ng/ml at the time of delivery compared with a mean (SD) of 302 (25) ng/ml in control mothers. CONCLUSIONS: In the present study a crude analysis revealed that increased IGF-I concentrations correlate with neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Gestational diabetes insipidus: a review of an underdiagnosed condition.; OBJECTIVE: To review the etiology, diagnosis, and management of diabetes insipidus during pregnancy. DATA SOURCES: A search of the literature was performed in PubMed using key word searching and citation snowballing to identify articles published in English between January 1, 1980, and December 31, 2008, on the subject of diabetes insipidus during pregnancy. Once the articles were identified, a thorough review of all results was conducted. Results and conclusions were compiled and summarized. STUDY SELECTION: We reviewed 50 studies selected using the following key words: diabetes insipidus, pregnancy, arginine vasopressin, vasopressinase. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes insipidus is underdiagnosed because polyuria is often considered normal during pregnancy. Clinicians caring for pregnant women should consider screening for gestational diabetes insipidus, because it could be associated with serious underlying pathology.
The effect of DASH diet on pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The current study was performed to investigate the effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). SUBJECTS/METHODS: This randomized controlled clinical trial was performed among 52 women diagnosed with GDM. Participants were randomly assigned to consume either the control (n=26) or the DASH diet (n=26) for 4 weeks. The control diet was designed to contain 45-55% carbohydrates, 15-20% protein and 25-30% total fat. The DASH diet was rich in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and low-fat dairy products, and contained lower amounts of saturated fats, cholesterol and refined grains with a total of 2400 mg/day sodium. The numbers of women who commenced insulin therapy after dietary intervention, the mode of delivery and prevalence of polyhydramnios were assessed. The length, weight and head circumference of infants were measured during the first 24 h after birth. RESULTS: Whereas 46.2% of women in the DASH diet needed to have a cesarean section, this percentage for the control group was 80.8% (P=0.01). The percentage of those who needed to commence insulin therapy after intervention was also significantly different between the two groups (23% for DASH vs 73% for control group, P<0.0001). Infants born to mothers on the DASH diet had significantly lower weight (3222.7 vs 3818.8 g, P<0.0001), head circumference (34.2 vs 35.1 cm, P=0.01) and ponderal index (2.50 vs 2.87 kg/m(3), P<0.0001) compared with those born to mothers on the control diet. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, consumption of DASH diet for 4 weeks among pregnant women with GDM resulted in improved pregnancy outcomes.
Severe birth injuries in neonates and associated risk factors for injury in mothers with different types of diabetes in Finland.; OBJECTIVE: To examine severe birth-related injuries in neonates among mothers with different types of diabetes. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study based on Finnish Medical Birth Register data from 2004 to 2017. The study included singleton neonates born vaginally with cephalic presentation (n = 623 649) after 35(+0)  weeks of gestation. The primary outcome variable was severe birth injury. Incidences, crude and adjusted odds ratios, and probabilities in regression analysis were calculated for different types of diabetes. RESULTS: There were 1952/623 649 (0.3%) severe birth injuries of which brachial plexus injury occurred most frequently. The injury incidence was highest in neonates of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, 42/1659 (2.5%) and 10/548 (1.8%), respectively. For gestational diabetes, the injury incidence was comparable to non-diabetic women: 422/77 810 (0.5%) and 1478/543 632 (0.3%), respectively. Shoulder dystocia, high birthweight, and vacuum-assisted delivery were associated with the highest probability for injury. Birthweight and obesity had a stronger impact on injury risk in women with pregestational diabetes compared to other pregnancies. CONCLUSION: Neonates of women with pregestational diabetes have a higher risk for severe birth injury than other neonates. The injury risk in neonates delivered by women with gestational diabetes or non-diabetic women is generally low.
Change in smoking status during two consecutive pregnancies: a population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate changes in tobacco smoking in two consecutive pregnancies and factors associated with the change. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. SETTING: New South Wales, Australia, 2000-10. POPULATION: A total of 183,385 women having first and second singleton pregnancies. METHODS: Descriptive and multivariable logistic regression analyses of perinatal data linked to hospital admission data. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Proportion of women smoking during their first pregnancy who quit by their second, and of women not smoking in their first pregnancy who did smoke during their second. RESULTS: Among 22,761 smokers in the first pregnancy, 33.5% had quit by their second. Among 160,624 non-smokers in their first pregnancy, 3.6% smoked during their second. Women who were aged ≥25 years, were married, born in a non-English speaking country, used private obstetric care, and lived in a socio-economically advantaged area were more likely to quit or less likely to start smoking in the second pregnancy. Smokers who had gestational hypertension (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.36, 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1.23-1.51), a large-for-gestational-age infant (OR 1.66, 95% CI, 1.46-1.89), and a stillbirth (OR 1.44, 95% CI 1.06-1.94) were more likely to quit, whereas smokers whose infant was small-for-gestational-age (OR 0.65, 95% CI 0.60-0.70) or admitted to special care nursery (OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.81-0.94) were less likely to quit. Among non-smokers in the first pregnancy, the risk of smoking in the second pregnancy increased with late antenatal attendance (e.g. ≥26 weeks, OR 1.30, 95% CI 1.14-1.48), gestational diabetes (OR 1.25, 95% CI 1.07-1.45), preterm birth (e.g. spontaneous, OR 1.25, 95% CI 1.10-1.43), caesarean section (e.g. prelabour, OR 1.13, 95% CI 1.01-1.26), and infant small-for-gestational-age (OR 1.37, 95% CI 1.26-1.48) or required special care nursery (OR 1.14, 95% CI 1.06-1.23). Inter-pregnancy interval of ≥3 years was associated with either change in smoking status. CONCLUSIONS: Most smokers continue to smoke in their next pregnancy, even among those who experienced poor outcomes. Intensive interventions should be explored and offered to women at the highest risk.
Histomorphometric study of placental villi vascular volume in toxemia and diabetes.; The quantitative changes in the vascular tree in placentas from pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia (PE) are not well defined. The purpose of this study was to quantify placental villi cross-sectional area of capillaries assessed by a computerized morphometry system in pregnancies complicated by PE (n = 23), well-controlled pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM; n = 10), and healthy controls (n = 13). Our aims were to test whether villous capillarization volume was changed in PE without intrauterine growth restriction or PGDM compared with the control group and to study these effects in 3 different areas of the placenta. Examination of placentas in women with PGDM and PE revealed limited pathological changes on light microscopic examination. However, the morphometric analysis revealed a more than 5-fold decrease of villous vascular volume in PGDM compared with controls (P = .003) and a 1.6-fold decrease in the PE group that did not reach statistical significance. These findings show quantitative changes in the villous vascular tree in PGDM that are not detectable by conventional light microscopy and suggest that morphometric analysis of the capillary tree may have diagnostic importance in this entity. The findings differ significantly from those previously reported in pregestational diabetes and do not differ significantly from those reported in PE without intrauterine growth restriction.
Pregestational excess weight, maternal obstetric complications and mode of delivery in the Rhea cohort in Crete.; BACKGROUND: There has been a significant increase in overweight and obesity worldwide reaching global epidemic, with dramatic increase also among women of reproductive age or entering pregnancy. Aims of the study were to estimate the prevalence of maternal pregestational overweight and obesity and their association with and contribution to maternal obstetric complications and mode of delivery. METHODS: One thousand two hundred eighty-six women with singleton pregnancies were followed-up prospectively from early pregnancy to delivery in Crete. RESULTS: The prevalence of pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity were 20 and 11.5%, respectively. After adjusting for potential confounders, overweight and/or obesity were associated with an increased risk for caesarean deliveries [RR(overweight_vs._normal) BMI = 1.21, 95% CI (1.06, 1.38), RR(obese_vs._normal) BMI = 1.21, 95% CI (1.02, 1.42)], gestational diabetes mellitus [RR(obese_vs._normal) BMI = 2.11, 95% CI (1.28, 3.47)] and high blood pressure [RR(severy.obese_vs._normal) BMI = 3.32, 95% CI (1.36, 8.06)] any time in pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy excess weight has potentially contributed to 21% of planned caesarean deliveries in primiparae (almost 45% of such cases among overweight/obese primiparea were potentially attributed to pregestational excess weight). One-third of gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes cases among overweight/obese mothers could be attributed to pregestational excess weight, although results did not reach statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: Pregestational overweight and obesity continued to increase even more in recent years. Findings further support that maternal excess weight has a significant effect on and contribution to multiple maternal obstetric complications and the mode of delivery, underlining the necessity of obesity prevention, health policy strategies and health care that can result in significant individual and societal benefits.
Fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancy. II. The nonstress test versus the oxytocin challenge test.; At the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Lund, it has been the routine management in diabetic pregnancy to use both nonstress test (NST) and oxytocin challenge test (OCT) for fetal surveillance. The study material reported comprised 61 pregnant diabetics, 1,882 NSTs and 90 OCTs. Evaluations were made separately for the time interval 0-2 days antepartum, within 1 week antepartum, and all tests included. Predictive value, specificity and sensitivity were calculated for both the NSTs and the OCTs according to the following variables of neonatal outcome: Apgar scores at 1, 5 and 10 min, baby's first cry (or not) within 1 min of birth, pulmonary function, and metabolic balance. No perinatal deaths occurred. There were no statistically significant differences between the NSTs and OCTs in the antepartum time intervals 0-2 days and less than or equal to 1 week regarding any variable. When all tests were included, the OCT proved superior in that there were fewer falsely pathological tests, though biased by the fact that most of the NSTs evaluated were older than the oldest OCT in this context. Nevertheless, it is concluded that the OCT does not favor the NST for routine fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancy.
Pregnancy does not induce or worsen retinal and peripheral nerve dysfunction in insulin-dependent diabetic women.; In order to verify whether pregnancy induces or worsens diabetic retinopathy or somatic and autonomic neuropathy, 16 insulin-dependent diabetic (IDDM) pregnant women, 14 age-matched nondiabetic pregnant women, and 12 IDDM nonpregnant women matched for age and disease duration were studied. Plasma glucose, HbA1c, and fructosamine were repeatedly assayed during pregnancy. Retinopathic and neuropathic endpoints were evaluated through ophthalmoscopy, electrophysiology of left peroneal and sural nerves (motor and sensory conduction velocities), and cardiovascular autonomic tests (deep breathing, cough test, lying-to-standing). In the IDDM pregnant women, evaluations were performed three times during pregnancy and 6 months after delivery. Good metabolic control was achieved during pregnancy. At baseline, nine IDDM pregnant women did not show signs of retinopathy, and seven had nonproliferative retinopathy. Only one patient showed worsening during pregnancy, but she improved after delivery. Motor conduction velocity, significantly lower in IDDM pregnant women, progressively improved, and, in the third trimester, was not significantly different from that of nondiabetic pregnant women. At baseline, none of the IDDM pregnant women had abnormal responses to cardiovascular autonomic tests. During pregnancy, the response to deep breathing appeared temporarily reduced in all pregnant women, possibly due to lowered ventilatory excursion at the end of pregnancy. In IDDM women with minimal or no retinopathy, and subclinical or no peripheral neuropathy, pregnancy does not appear to induce or worsen these complications.
Motivators and barriers to a healthy postpartum lifestyle in women at increased cardiovascular and metabolic risk: a focus-group study.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the motivators and barriers to the adoption of a healthy postpartum lifestyle after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes. METHODS: Thirty-six women with complicated pregnancies participated in six focus-group interviews that aimed to explore the perceptions of modifiable determinants of postpartum lifestyle. RESULTS: Although women expressed that they intended to live a healthy postpartum lifestyle, it was generally not achieved. The motivators included improving their own current health condition as well as modeling a healthy lifestyle for their children. Important barriers were reported to be lack of knowledge, poor recovery, and lack of professional support after delivery. CONCLUSIONS: The reported motivators and barriers can be used to develop a postpartum lifestyle intervention.
Unconjugated estriol and 15alpha-hydroxyestriol in complicated pregnancies.; Simultaneous determinations of unconjugated estriol and 15alpha-hydroxyestriol (E4) levels in maternal serum were studied serially to ascertain the relative usefulness of these estrogens as indicators of fetal welfare. Complicated pregnancies included 16 patients with pre-eclampsia and/or hypertension, six patients with severe Rh-isoimmunization, 12 patients with diabetes mellitus, of which four had vascular disease, three patients with fetal death in utero, and three twin pregnancies. Retrospective analysis failed to indicate a clinically useful role for serum E4 determinations in the evaluation of fetal welfare during high-risk pregnancies.
[Prenatal study of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and its association with insulin levels in fetuses of diabetic mothers].; PURPOSE: To test the hypothesis that hypertrophic cardiomyopathy during prenatal life in diabetic pregnancies is related to fetal hyperinsulinism. METHODS: Thirty seven fetuses of diabetic mothers and 28 of non-diabetic mothers were studied by echocardiography and fetal insulin levels measured. RESULTS: Mean fetal insulin levels were 22.16 (+/- 44.25) microU/ml (3.20 to 240 microU/ml) in the group with diabetes and 6.50 (+/- 3.45) microU/ml (3.10 to 17.00 microU/ml) in the control group (p = 0.004). Ten out of 37 fetuses of the diabetic group were considered to have hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (27.02%), while none of the fetuses of the control group showed increase in septal thickness (p = 0.001). A significant association between prenatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and fetal hyperinsulinism was demonstrated (p = 0.013). CONCLUSION: There is an association between hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and high levels of fetal insulin.
Epidemiology of pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia in type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic pregnancies in Sweden.; BACKGROUND: The object of this study was to examine if there is an association between pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and/or preeclampsia (PE) and glycemic control assessed by HbA1c in early type 1 diabetic pregnancy, as well as factors such as maternal age, parity, duration of diabetes, presence of diabetes microangiopathy. METHODS: The nationwide collaborative study included 491 type 1 diabetic pregnancies corresponding to about 80%, of the diabetic pregnancies during the study period 1983-1985. A blood sample for determination of HbA1c was obtained in early gestation (median 9 (5-16) weeks). RESULTS: The rate of PIH/PE was 20.6% in the type 1 diabetic pregnancies compared to 5.0% in the background population. The type 1 diabetic pregnancies complicated by PIH/PE were associated with significantly longer duration of diabetes, higher initial HbA1c (8.1% vs 7.4%, p < 0.01), higher rate of nephropathy and retinopathy, while there were no significant differences in maternal age or parity compared to those without PIH/PE. Discriminant analysis revealed that occurrence of nephropathy (p<0.001), retinopathy (p<0.01) and high HbA1c (p<0.01) in early pregnancy were independently and significantly associated with occurrence of PIH/PE. Among the 463 patients without prepregnancy proteinuria 38 (8.2%) had PIH and 53 (11.5%) PE. The group with PE had, compared to the no PIH/PE group, significantly higher HbA1c (8.2% vs 7.4%, p<0.01). HbA1c was not significantly different between the PIH and the no PIH/PE group (7.5% vs 7.4%). Both the PIH and the PE group had significantly higher rate of retinopathy compared to the no PIH/PE group. If early HbA1c was equal to or above control mean by +8 s.d., i.e. > or =10.1% the PI rate was 31.0% compared to 10.2% in those with HbA1c below that value. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that poor glycemic control in early pregnancy is associated with increased risk of PE in non-proteinuric type 1 diabetic pregnancies.
Diabetes in pregnancy, Northwestern University series (1977-1981). I. Prospective study of anomalies in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus.; Offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus were examined prospectively with the use of a detailed checklist. Diabetic women were usually identified in the late first or early second trimester and thereafter rigorously managed in hopes of achieving euglycemia. The frequency of infants with major anomalies was higher (9/106, 8.5%) in White Classes B to F than in either the general population or in a small group of concurrently gathered control subjects (1/41, 2.4%). The frequency of anomalies in Class A diabetes was 3/76 (3.9%), a rate that may or may not be increased. Of the 12 major anomalies observed in diabetic offspring, six involved the heart and three involved the skeletal system. No pattern of minor anomalies appeared to exist. Limited data failed to reveal a specific HLA type that conferred increased risk for anomalies, and chromosomal abnormalities were not increased in frequency. If hyperglycemia is indeed the mechanism responsible for anomalies in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus, our observations suggest that rates will be reduced only by achieving optimal control in the first trimester.
Diabetes-associated changes in the fetal insulin/insulin-like growth factor system are organ specific in rats.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy affects fetal growth and development. The insulin/insulin-like growth factors (IGF) system comprising insulin, IGF, their receptors, and binding proteins, has been implicated in fetal growth regulation. This study tested the hypothesis that maternal diabetes alters the fetal insulin/IGF system in a tissue-specific manner. METHODS: Wistar rats were rendered diabetic by neonatal administration of streptozotocin and mated with control rats. At day 21 of gestation, the weights of fetuses, placentas, and fetal organs (heart, lung, liver, stomach, intestine, and pancreas) were determined. Maternal and fetal plasma concentrations of insulin, IGF1, and IGF2 were measured by ELISA, and expression of IGF1, IGF2, IGF1R, IGF2R, IR, IGFBP1, BP2, and BP3 in placenta and fetal organs by qPCR. RESULTS: The well-known increase in fetal growth in this model of mild diabetes is accompanied by elevated insulin and IGF1 levels and alterations of the insulin/IGF system in the fetus and the placenta. These alterations were organ and gene specific. The insulin/IGF system was generally upregulated, especially in the fetal heart, while it was downregulated in fetal lung. CONCLUSION: In our model of mild diabetes, the effect of maternal diabetes on fetal weight and fetal insulin/IGF system expression is organ specific with highly sensitive organs such as lung and heart, and organs that were less affected, such as stomach.
Risk factors for pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism: a review.; AIM: To critically evaluate current understanding of risk factors for pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) and to describe underlying molecular mechanisms. METHODS: A literature search was undertaken using the national library of medicine PubMed database. The search terms used were "pregnancy" and "venous thromboembolism". Following exclusion of unsuitable data sources, studies were identified that described specific risk factors for pregnancy-associated VTE and suggested possible underlying molecular mechanisms. Adjusted odds ratios and incident rate ratios for these specific risk factors were identified in each study and tabulated. RESULTS: A series of mainly retrospective cohort and case control studies over the past two decades have reported specific risk factors for pregnancy-associated VTE. Recent published literature has highlighted the interaction between commonly occurring risk factors, particularly the potential for a multiplicative effect on overall VTE risk, and have led to improvements in our understanding of the molecular mechanisms underlying these risk factors. CONCLUSION: Mortality from pregnancy associated VTE continues despite prevention strategies. A detailed understanding of specific risk factors, their interactions and underlying molecular mechanisms is required to identify women at highest risk and to guide development of thromboprophylaxis strategies.
Effects of maternal folate and vitamin B12 on gestational diabetes mellitus: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies.; To comprehensively estimate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk with maternal red blood cell (RBC) folate, plasma/serum folate, dose and duration of folic acid supplement (FAS) intake and vitamin B12 separately. PubMed, Web of science, CNKI, and Wanfang Databases were searched through March 26, 2021. We synthesized data using random-effects model meta-analysis in Stata 12.0. Sensitivity, subgroup and dose-response analyses were also performed. The certainty of evidence was evaluated using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluations (GRADE). Twenty six datasets from thirteen eligible observational studies were included in the study. We found a significant increase of GDM risk with the highest versus lowest category of RBC folate (OR = 1.96, 95% CI: 1.48-2.61, I2 = 0.0%, moderate-certainty evidence) and plasma/serum folate (OR = 1.23, 1.02-1.48, I2 = 57.8%, low-certainty evidence). The dose-response analysis revealed that each 200 ng/ml increase in RBC folate was significantly associated with 8% higher GDM risk. No significant association between dose of FAS intake and GDM risk was found with very low cetainty. Meanwhile, longer duration (≥3 months) of FAS conferred 56% significant higher GDM risk (OR = 1.56, 1.02-2.39, very low certainty evidence). No significant association of GDM risk with highest plasma/serum B12 was observed compared to lowest B12 (OR = 0.77, 0.58-1.02, very low-certainty evidence). Moderate-certainty evidence suggests that higher RBC folate appears to significantly increase GDM risk. Higher plasma/serum folate may increase GDM risk but with low certainty. Further well-designed trials or prospective studies are needed.
NIDDM--the devastating disease.; Of the various types of diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) is by far the most common and is increasing rapidly in many populations around the world. It is a heterogeneous disorder, characterized by a genetic predisposition and interaction between insulin resistance and decreased pancreatic beta-cell function. There is a strong association between the presence of obesity and low levels of physical exercise and the development of NIDDM. However, NIDDM may also develop in lean individuals and the incidence increases significantly with increasing age. A diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes is a strong predictor for future development of NIDDM and should signal appropriate interventions to prevent or delay the progression to NIDDM. NIDDM is frequently associated with other conditions such as hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia and decreased high-density lipoprotein which are additional risk factors for atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. The 'insulin resistance syndrome', which includes obesity, NIDDM, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia and dyslipidemia is a major and increasing cause of morbidity and mortality in many populations. In addition, people with NIDDM and poor glycemic control may develop severe microvascular complications of diabetes, including retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy. Appropriate diet, weight control and increased physical activity will increase insulin sensitivity in insulin resistant patients and are effective treatments for patients with NIDDM or may prevent the development of NIDDM in susceptible individuals. If these measures are unsuccessful, then oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin therapy may be required.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Placental lipases in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM).; Infants of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to be born large for gestational age with a higher percentage body fat. Elevated maternal lipids may contribute to this. Placental lipases such as lipoprotein lipase (LPL), endothelial lipase (EL) and hormone sensitive lipase (HSL) are involved in transferring lipids from mother to fetus. Previous studies of expression of these lipases in placentae in women with diabetes in pregnancy have reported divergent results. Intracellular lipases such as adipose triglyceride lipase (ATGL), and HSL are central to lipid droplet metabolism. The activities of these lipases are both influenced by Perilipin 1, and ATGL is also activated by a co-factor comparative gene identification-58 (CGI-58) and inhibited by G0/G1 switch gene 2 (GS02). None of these modifying factors or ATGL have been examined previously in placenta. The purpose of this study was therefore to examine the expression of ATGL, HSL, LPL, EL, as well as Perilipin 1, GS02 and CGI-58 in term pregnancies complicated by GDM. mRNA and protein expression of the lipases were measured in placentae from 17 women with GDM and 17 normoglycaemic pregnancies, matched for maternal BMI and gestational age of delivery. ATGL mRNA expression was increased and HSL mRNA expression reduced in placentae from GDM although there was no differences in protein expression of any of the lipases. All lipases were localised to trophoblasts and endothelial cells. The expression of Perilipin 1 and CGI-58 mRNA was increased and GS02 not altered in GDM. These results suggest that there is no difference in expression in these four lipases between GDM and normoglycaemic placentae, and therefore altered lipid transfer via these lipases does not contribute to large for gestational age in infants of women with GDM.
Relation of birthweight to maternal plasma glucose and insulin concentrations during normal pregnancy.; Maternal diabetes mellitus is complicated by fetal macrosomia and predisposes the offspring to diabetes, but recent evidence indicates that a low, not high, birthweight is associated with a higher incidence of Type 2 (non-insulin dependent) diabetes in adult life. To clarify the relationships between maternal glucose and insulin levels and birthweight, we measured oral glucose tolerance and neonatal weight in a large group (n = 529) of women during the 26th week of pregnancy. Women with gestational diabetes (n = 17) had more familial diabetes, higher pre-pregnancy body weight, and tended to have large-for-gestational-age babies. In contrast, women with essential hypertension (n = 10) gave birth to significantly (p < 0.01) smaller babies. In the normal group (without gestational diabetes or hypertension, n = 503), maternal body weight before pregnancy and at term, maternal height, week of delivery, gender of the newborn, and parity were all significant, independent predictors of birthweight, together explaining 23% of the variability of neonatal weight. In addition, both fasting (p < 0.006) and 2-h post-glucose (p = 0.03) maternal plasma glucose concentrations were positively associated with birthweight independent of the other physiological determinants, accounting, however, for only 10% of the explained variability. In a subgroup of 134 normal mothers with pre-pregnancy body mass index of less than 25 kg.m-2, in whom plasma insulin measurements were available, the insulin area-under-curve was inversely related to birthweight (p < 0.02) after simultaneously adjusting for physiological factors and glucose area.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Biomarkers of oxidative stress in amniotic fluid and complications in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: In this study, we tried to determine whether the activities of the primary antioxidant enzymes are detectable in amniotic fluid and whether they can be used as early biomarkers of complications in pregnancy such as pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and bacterial vaginosis. METHODS: This was a prospective study in which amniotic fluid was taken between 16 and 19 week of gestation. In all, 161 pregnant women were divided into two groups: study group - patients with the treated local infection, PIH, and GDM, and control group - healthy pregnant women. Levels of reduced glutathione (GSH) and activities of supeoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px), glutathione reductase (GSHR), glutathione S-transpherase (GST), xanthine oxidase (XOD) and lipid peroxidation (LP) were determined spectrophotometrically in amniotic fluid samples. RESULTS: Concentration of malondialdehyde varied greatly between investigated groups. XOD and SOD activities, though very low, were present in amniotic fluid samples. Also, enzymes of glutathione cycle and GSH concentrations were detectable and showed certain variations. CONCLUSION: Parameters of oxidative stress in amniotic fluid could be altered in certain pathological conditions. Their use as clinical biomarkers is limited due to great variations of amniotic fluid volume between patients which gives favor to hemolysate or serum of pregnant women.
Sirenomelia, limb reduction defects, cardiovascular malformation, renal agenesis in an infant born to a diabetic mother.; The clinical features of a fetus with sirenomelia, limb reduction defects, cardiovascular malformation and renal agenesis are reported. The mother of the child suffers from insulin dependent diabetes. The limb, cardiac and renal abnormalities are well recognized sequelae of diabetic pregnancies. The association of sirenomelia and maternal diabetes is somewhat controversial. The link between caudal regression syndrome, sirenomelia and maternal diabetes will be discussed.
Influence of pregnancy on progression of diabetic nephropathy and subsequent requirement of renal replacement therapy in female type I diabetic patients with impaired renal function.; The influence of pregnancy on the progression of diabetic nephropathy in diabetic women with pre-existing moderate renal insufficiency is a subject of considerable controversy in the literature. In four of five female patients with type I diabetes mellitus with pre-existing impaired renal function (creatinine clearance less than 80 ml/min), significant proteinuria (greater than 2 g/24 h urine) and hypertension we have found a further decline in renal function during pregnancy, with an increased deterioration rate of creatinine clearance in comparison to the time before and after pregnancy. The mean decline of the glomerular filtration rate was 1.8 ml/min per month during pregnancy and 1.4 ml/min per month postpartum until the start of dialysis treatment. The difference in the progression of diabetic nephropathy during and after pregnancy can be explained by increased hypertension during pregnancy, especially in the third trimester, despite an intensified antihypertensive therapy. The long-term effect of pregnancy on renal function in our patients was therefore an earlier requirement for renal replacement therapy than would have been expected without pregnancy.
Risk of congenital heart defects in offspring exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the risk of congenital heart defects (CHDs) and its specific phenotypes associated with maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) including pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Medline, Google Scholar, Cochrane Libraries, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang Database, Chinese Scientific Journals Fulltext Database and China Biology Medicine disc were searched from the inception dates to 15 December 2018, to identify case-control or cohort studies assessing the association between maternal DM and risk of CHDs. The exposure of interest was maternal DM; the outcomes of interest were CHDs and its specific phenotypes. Either a fixed- or a random-effects model was used to calculate the overall combined risk estimates. Subgroup analyses were performed to explore potential heterogeneity moderators. RESULTS: Total 52 studies, which involved 259,917 patients with CHDs among 16,929,835 participants, were included for analysis. Overall, mothers with DM compared with those without DM had a significantly higher risk of CHDs in offspring [odds ratios (OR) = 2.71, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 2.28-3.23]. When data were restricted to different types of DM, a significantly increased risk of CHDs was observed among mothers with PGDM (OR = 3.18, 95% CI 2.77-3.65) and GDM (OR = 1.98, 95% CI 1.66-2.36). Our study suggested the risk of CHDs was significantly higher among mothers with PGDM than those with GDM. Additionally, this study suggested maternal DM was significantly associated with most phenotypes of CHDs; of these, double outlet of the right ventricle (OR = 10.89; 95% CI 8.77-13.53), atrioventricular septal defect (OR = 5.74; 95% CI 3.20-10.27) and truncus arteriosus (OR = 5.06; 95% CI 2.65-9.65) were identified as the first three of the most common phenotypes of CHDs associated with maternal DM. CONCLUSIONS: The maternal DM including PGDM and GDM are significantly associated with risk of CHDs and its most phenotypes. The PGDM seems to be more likely to cause CHDs in offspring than GDM. Further studies are needed to clarify the underlying mechanisms.
Hyperglycemia and gestational diabetes suppress placental glycolysis and mitochondrial function and alter lipid processing.; The degree that maternal glycemia affects placental metabolism of trophoblast cell types [cytotrophoblast (CTB) and syncytiotrophoblast (SCT)] in pregnant persons with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown. We tested the hypotheses that (a) hyperglycemia suppresses the metabolic rates of CTB and SCT; and (b) low placental metabolic activity from GDM placentas is due to decreased oxygen consumption of CTB. Trophoblast cells isolated from GDM and non-GDM term placentas were cultured for 8-hour (CTB) and following syncytialization at 72-hour (SCT) in 5 mM of glucose or 25 mM of glucose. Oxygen consumption rates, glycolysis, ATP levels, and lipid droplet morphometries were determined in CTB and SCT. In CTB from GDM placentas compared to control CTB: (a) oxidative phosphorylation was decreased by 44% (41.8 vs 74.2 pmol O(2) /min/100 ng DNA, P = .002); (b) ATP content was 39% lower (1.1 × 10(-7) vs 1.8 × 10(-7)  nM/ng DNA, P = .046); and (c) lipid droplets were two times larger (31.0 vs 14.4 µm(2) /cell, P < .001) and 1.7 times more numerous (13.5 vs 7.9 lipid droplets/cell, P < .001). Hyperglycemia suppressed CTB glycolysis by 55%-60% (mean difference 20.4 [GDM, P = .008] and 15.4 [non-GDM, P = .029] mpH/min/100 ng DNA). GDM SCT was not metabolically different from non-GDM SCT. However, GDM SCT had significantly decreased expression of genes associated with differentiation including hCG, GCM1, and syncytin-1. We conclude that suppressed metabolic activity by the GDM placenta is attributable to metabolic dysfunction of CTB, not SCT. Critical placental hormone expression and secretion are decreased in GDM trophoblasts.
Finger pulse plethysmography predicts gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy complications related to hypertension can affect both mother and newborn. Pulse wave attenuation (PWA) captured through fingertip photoplethysmography (PPG) provide valuable insights into maternal acute hemodynamic and autonomic vascular function. Here, we quantify the nocturnal dynamics of PWA during early pregnancy and assess their association with the development of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. METHODS: PWA dynamics were assessed on overnight polysomnography-derived PPG signals from a cohort of 2714 pregnant women (mean age: 26.8 ± 5.5 years) enrolled in the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be (nuMoM2b). We determined the average duration (PWA duration ) and depth (PWA depth ) of PWA events in all women. RESULTS: Odds ratio (OR) analysis-adjusted common confounders indicates that an average PWA duration greater than 8.74 s was associated with the increased risk of gestational hypertension [OR = 1.75 (1.27-2.39), P  < 0.001]. Similarly, average PWA depth greater than 1.19 was associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia [OR = 1.53 (1.01-2.33), P = 0.045] and gestational diabetes [OR = 1.66 (1.01-2.73), P  = 0.044]. CONCLUSION: PWA attenuation dynamics during early pregnancy predict the risk of developing gestational hypertension and diabetes condition for women in their later trimesters. Potentially obtainable from smart wearable consumer devices, PWA analysis offers a low-cost, accessible and scalable marker that can enhance the management of pregnancy-induced cardiometabolic issues.
Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes in India by Individual Socioeconomic, Demographic, and Clinical Factors.; IMPORTANCE: Gestational diabetes is common in pregnancy and is associated with adverse pregnancy and fetal outcomes. Currently, population-based data on the prevalence of gestational diabetes are limited in India. OBJECTIVE: To provide a comprehensive national assessment of gestational diabetes in India and its socioeconomic, demographic, and geographic associations, using elevated random blood glucose data as a proxy for a gestational diabetes diagnosis. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional study analyzed the fourth National Family Health Survey, conducted in India between January 2015 and December 2016. This nationally representative sample comprised 699 686 women 15 to 49 years of age, of whom 32 428 (4.6%) were pregnant. Data were analyzed between July and December 2019 and between July and August 2020. EXPOSURES: Age, body mass index, hypertension, wealth, and social caste were factors potentially associated with gestational diabetes. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Gestational diabetes, defined as elevated random blood glucose according to predetermined thresholds (≥200 mg/dL for nonfasting, ≥92 mg/dL for fasting). RESULTS: Of the 31 746 pregnant women with complete data in the study, the mean (SD) age was 24.3 (4.7) years, and the mean (SD) gestational age was 5.1 (2.3) months. The weighted age-adjusted prevalence of gestational diabetes was 1.3% (95% CI, 1.1%-1.5%). The prevalence of gestational diabetes increased with age, from 1.0% (95% CI, 0.5%-1.5%) at age 15 to 19 years to 2.4% (95% CI, 1.0%-3.8%) at age 35 years or older. The age-adjusted prevalence of gestational diabetes was higher among women with a body mass index of 27.5 or greater (1.8%; 95% CI, 1.0%-2.5%) compared with women with a body mass index of less than 18.5 (0.8%; 95% CI, 0.5%-1.1%), among women in the highest wealth quartile (1.7%; 95% CI, 1.1%-2.5%) compared with those in the lowest (0.9%; 95% CI, 0.7%-1.2%), and women in the south (eg, Kerala: 4.5%; 95% CI, 2.4%-6.7%; Telangana: 5.4%; 95% CI, 0.0%-11.0%) compared with the northeast (eg, Assam: 0.23%; 95% CI, 0.0%-0.48%; Mizoram: 0.16%; 95% CI, 0.0%-0.49%). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this study, considerable variation was found in the prevalence of gestational diabetes by state, socioeconomic status, and demographic factors. This finding has implications for the method of gestational diabetes screening in low-resource settings in India, especially in areas or among demographic groups with lower prevalence.
Can leukocyte count during the first trimester of pregnancy predict later gestational complications?; PURPOSE: To examine whether an association exists between maternal leukocyte count in the first trimester of pregnancy and the risk for development of obstetric complications. METHODS: The study population included all the registered births (n = 33,866) with available white blood cell count (WBC) from the first trimester of pregnancy, during 2000-2010 in a tertiary medical center. The leukocyte count was sorted by the following groups: WBC < 3.5 10 × 9/l, WBC = 3.5 10 × 9/l-13.8 10 × 9/l, and WBC > 13.8 10 × 9/l. These groups were compared regarding obstetrical characteristics and perinatal outcomes. Multiple logistic regression models were used to control for confounders. RESULTS: The study population included 33,866 deliveries, of these 0.94 % had leukocytosis WBC > 13.8 10 × 9/l. Women with leukocytosis delivered significantly earlier, were more likely to be Jewish, and in their first pregnancy. There were significantly higher rates of preterm delivery before 37 weeks, fertility treatments, hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus, and cesarean section among these patients. There was no significant difference between the groups regarding preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM) and chorioamnionitis. Women with leukocytosis during the first trimester had significantly higher rates of fetuses who were small for gestational age and with birth weight <2,500 g. Multivariable analysis showed a significant association between preterm delivery before 37 weeks and leukocytosis during the first trimester of pregnancy (p = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Leukocytosis during the first trimester is significantly associated with an increased risk for obstetrical complications, in particular preterm delivery. Nevertheless, further studies should focus on women with leukocytosis during the first trimester in order to verify our results.
Discrepancy in Insulin Regulation between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Platelets and Placenta.; Earlier findings have identified the requirement of insulin signaling on maturation and the translocation of serotonin (5-HT) transporter, SERT to the plasma membrane of the trophoblast in placenta. Because of the defect on insulin receptor (IR) in the trophoblast of the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-associated placenta, SERT is found entrapped in the cytoplasm of the GDM-trophoblast. SERT is encoded by the same gene expressed in trophoblast and platelets. Additionally, alteration in plasma 5-HT levels and the 5-HT uptake rates are associated with the aggregation rates of platelets. Therefore, here, we investigated a novel hypothesis that GDM-associated defects in platelet IR should change their 5-HT uptake rates, and this should be a leading factor for thrombosis in GDM maternal blood. The maternal blood and the placentas were obtained at the time of cesarean section from the GDM and non-diabetic subjects (n = 6 for each group), and the platelets and trophoblasts were isolated to determine the IR activity, surface level of SERT, and their 5-HT uptake rates.Interestingly, no significant differences were evident in IR tyrosine phosphorylation or the downstream elements, AKT and S6K in platelets and their aggregation rates in both groups. Furthermore, insulin stimulation up-regulated 5-HT uptake rates of GDM-platelets as it does in the control group. However, the phosphorylation of IR and the downstream elements were significantly lower in GDM-trophoblast and showed no response to the insulin stimulation while they showed 4-fold increase to insulin stimulation in control group. Similarly, the 5-HT uptake rates of GDM-trophoblast and the SERT expression on their surface were severalfold lower compared with control subjects. IR is expressed in all tissues, but it is not known if diabetes affects IR in all tissues equally. Here, for the first time, our findings with clinical samples show that in GDM-associated defect on IR is tissue type-dependent. While IR is impaired in GDM-placenta, it is unaffected in GDM-platelet.
Maternal Diabetes in Youth-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Is Associated With Progressive Dysglycemia and Risk of Complications.; CONTEXT: Prenatal exposures, including undernutrition, overnutrition, and parental diabetes, are recognized risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease. There are currently no data on effects of parental diabetes on disease progression or complications in youth-onset type 2 diabetes (T2D). OBJECTIVE: We analyzed effects of parental diabetes history on glycemic outcomes, β-cell function, and complications in a US cohort of youth-onset T2D. METHODS: Participants (N = 699) aged 10 to 17 years with T2D were enrolled at 15 US centers and followed for up to 12 years as part of the TODAY (Treatment Options for type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth) and TODAY2 follow-up studies. Information about diabetes diagnosis in biological mothers was available for 621 participants (never = 301; before or during pregnancy = 218; after pregnancy = 102) and in biological fathers for 519 (no diabetes = 352; paternal diabetes = 167). RESULTS: Maternal, but not paternal, diabetes was associated with loss of glycemic control over time, defined as glycated hemoglobin A1c greater than or equal to 8% for more than 6 months (P = .001). Similarly, maternal, but not paternal, diabetes was associated with increased risk of glomerular hyperfiltration (P = .01) and low heart rate variability (P = .006) after 12 years of follow-up. Effects were largely independent of age, sex, race/ethnicity, and household income. Maternal diabetes during vs after pregnancy had similar effects on outcomes. CONCLUSION: Maternal diabetes, regardless of whether diagnosed during vs after pregnancy, is associated with worse glycemic control, glomerular hyperfiltration, and reduced heart rate variability in youth with T2D in TODAY. The strong associations of diabetes outcomes with maternal diabetes suggest a possible role for in utero programming.
How Well Do U.S. Primary Care and Obstetrics and Gynecology Clinicians Screen for Pregnancy Complications at Well Woman Visits? A Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVES: Pregnancy complications, including pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes (GDM), and perinatal mood and anxiety disorders (PMADs), impact long-term health. We compared the frequency of screening documentation for pregnancy complications versus a general medical history at well woman visits between providers in primary care and obstetrics and gynecology. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of subjects with at least 1 prior birth who presented for a well woman visit in 2019-2020. Charts were reviewed for documentation of a general medical history (hypertension, diabetes, and mood disorders) versus screening for comparable obstetric complications (pre-eclampsia, GDM, and PMADs). The results were compared using the McNemar and chi-square tests as appropriate. RESULTS: In total, 472 encounters were identified, and 137 met the inclusion criteria. Across specialties, clinicians were significantly more likely to document general medical conditions than pregnancy complications, including hypertensive disorders (odds ratio [OR], 2.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.18 to 5.48), diabetes (OR, 7.67; 95% CI, 3.27 to 22.0), and mood disorders (OR, 10.5; 95% CI, 3.81 to 40.3). Obstetrics and gynecology providers were more likely to document any pregnancy history (OR, 4.50; 95% CI, 1.24 to 16.27); however, they were not significantly more likely to screen for relevant obstetric complications (OR, 2.49; 95% CI, 0.90 to 6.89). Overall, the rate of pregnancy complication documentation was low in primary care and obstetrics and gynecology clinics (8.8 and 19.0%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Obstetrics and gynecology providers more frequently documented a pregnancy history than those in primary care; however, the rate was low across specialties, and providers reported screening for clinically relevant complications less frequently than for general medical conditions.
Pregnancy outcomes in women without gestational diabetes mellitus related to the maternal glucose level. Is there a continuum of risk?; OBJECTIVE: To examine selected pregnancy outcomes in women without gestational diabetes mellitus to see whether there was a continuum of risk related to the maternal glucose level. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Consecutive women attending two prenatal clinics and three obstetricians in private practice were tested for GDM at the beginning of the third trimester using a 75-g glucose load in the fasting state. The rate of induction, the number of assisted deliveries, the presence of pregnancy-induced hypertension, fetal birth weights, and morbidity were examined with respect to the maternal 2-h glucose level. RESULTS: Data were available for 1,441 women with a 2-h glucose level < 8.0 mmol/l (144 mg/dl). For each 1.0 mmol/l (18 mg/dl) increase in the glucose level, the odds in favor of an assisted delivery increased by 15.2%, and the odds in favor of the baby being admitted to a special care nursery (SCN) increased by 22.6%. There was no significant association between maternal glucose levels and the probability of either pregnancy-induced hypertension or a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) baby after adjustment for other variables. CONCLUSIONS: In normal women there is a continuum of risk related to the maternal glucose level 2 h after a glucose tolerance test for the probability of having an assisted delivery and the likelihood of the baby being admitted to an SCN. The chance of having pregnancy-induced hypertension or a LGA baby also increased as the maternal glucose level increased but could be largely explained by an increasing body mass index.
Associations of pre-pregnancy obesity with adverse pregnancy outcomes and the optimal gestational weight gain in Japanese women.; OBJECTIVES: The authors determined associations of maternal pre-pregnancy obesity with adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluated how gestational weight gain affects risks for such outcomes in Japanese obese pregnant women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Among women who delivered at the Perinatal Center for Maternity and Neonatal, Yokohama City University Medical Center, between January 2001 and December 2012, the authors ascertained adverse pregnancy outcome incidences in 207 pre-pregnancy obese (body mass index [BMI] = 30 kg/m², obese group), 661 pre-pregnancy overweight (BMI = 25-29.9 kg/m², overweight group), and 6,801 pre-pregnancy normal weight (BMI= 18.5-24.9 kg/m², normal group) women. Subjects were stratified by weekly weight gain during the second/third trimesters to investigate associations between gestational weight gain and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Optimal weight gain for obese pregnant women was also examined. RESULTS: In the obese and overweight groups, incidences of pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), large for gestational age (LGA), preterm birth, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes (PPROM), and spontaneous preterm birth were significantly higher than in the normal group. Incidences of adverse pregnancy outcomes were ap- parently higher in the obese than in the overweight group. In the latter, the incidence of large for gestational age was significantly higher in women with weight gains of 0.5 kg/week, whereas no difference in pregnancy outcomes was observed in the obese group regardless of gestational weight gain. CONCLUSION: In obese women, incidences of adverse pregnancy outcomes were higher, and pregnancy out- comes were difficult to improve with gestational weight control. Thus, it.is important to reach an optimal weight before pregnancy.
Maternal Diabetes and Overweight and Congenital Heart Defects in Offspring.; IMPORTANCE: Maternal diabetes and overweight or obesity are known to be associated with increased risk of congenital heart defects (CHDs) in offspring, but there are no large studies analyzing outcomes associated with these factors in 1 model. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of maternal diabetes and overweight or obesity with CHDs among offspring in 1 model. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This nationwide, population-based register study was conducted in a birth cohort from Finland consisting of all children born between 2006 and 2016 (620 751 individuals) and their mothers. Data were analyzed from January 2022 until November 2023. EXPOSURES: Maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI; calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared), categorized as underweight (<18.5), normal (18.5-24.9), overweight (25.0-29.9), and obesity (≥30), was assessed. Maternal diabetes status, classified as no diabetes, type 1 diabetes (T1D), type 2 or other diabetes, and gestational diabetes, was assessed. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Odds ratios (ORs) of isolated CHDs in children were found. In addition, 9 anatomical CHD subgroups were studied. RESULTS: Of 620 751 children (316 802 males [51.0%]; 573 259 mothers aged 20-40 years [92.3%]) born in Finland during the study period, 10 254 children (1.7%) had an isolated CHD. Maternal T1D was associated with increased odds of having a child with any CHD (OR, 3.77 [95% CI, 3.26-4.36]) and 6 of 9 CHD subgroups (OR range, 3.28 [95% CI, 1.55-6.95] for other septal defects to 7.39 [95% CI, 3.00-18.21] for transposition of great arteries) compared with no maternal diabetes. Maternal overweight was associated with left ventricular outflow tract obstruction (OR, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.10-1.49]) and ventricular septal defects (OR, 0.92 [95% CI, 0.86-0.98]), and obesity was associated with complex defects (OR, 2.70 [95% CI, 1.14-6.43]) and right outflow tract obstruction (OR, 1.31 [95% CI, 1.09-1.58]) compared with normal maternal BMI. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This study found that maternal T1D was associated with increased risk for most types of CHD in offspring, while obesity and overweight were associated with increased risk for complex defects and outflow tract obstruction and decreased risk for ventricular septal defects. These different risk profiles of T1D and overweight and obesity may suggest distinct underlying teratogenic mechanisms.
Maternal glycemic control and umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether information from umbilical artery Doppler flow velocity waveforms significantly improves the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome, independently of maternal glycemic control, in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: The medical records of 277 pregnant women with diabetes were reviewed. Glycemic control was determined by glycosylated hemoglobin concentration and umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry by using systolic/diastolic ratios (S:D), both obtained during the third trimester. Pregnancies with adverse perinatal outcome were compared to those with good outcome. Logistic regression analysis was used to adjust for glycemic control, and to test whether an elevated umbilical artery Doppler S:D ratio was independently associated with pregnancy outcome. RESULTS: Adverse pregnancy outcome occurred in 51.6% of these pregnancies (143/277). The mean third-trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (7.7 +/- 1.9% vs. 6.7 +/- 1.3%, p < 0.001) and the umbilical artery S:D ratio were significantly higher (2.6 +/- 0.6 vs. 2.4 +/- 0.3, p < 0.001) in the pregnancies with adverse outcome. Logistic regression analysis showed that umbilical artery S:D ratio was an independent predictor of adverse perinatal outcome after adjusting for the third-trimester glycosylated hemoglobin level. Forty per cent of patients with normal Doppler findings (S:D ratio of < 3.0) and normal glycemic control values (glycosylated hemoglobin level of < 7.5%) had an adverse pregnancy outcome. Sixty-three per cent of patients with an abnormal result for one of these tests had an adverse pregnancy outcome. Ninety-six per cent of patients with both abnormal Doppler findings and abnormal glycemic control had an adverse pregnancy outcome. CONCLUSION: Umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry improves the predictive value for adverse perinatal outcome, independently of glycemic control, in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. The combination of an abnormal umbilical artery S:D ratio and abnormal glycosylated hemoglobin was strongly associated with adverse pregnancy outcome.
Alterations in relaxation to lactate and H(2)O(2) in human placental vessels from gestational diabetic pregnancies.; We determined whether alterations in the mechanism of relaxation to H(2)O(2) potentially contribute to the enhanced prostaglandin-mediated contractile response to H(2)O(2) and posthypoxic reoxygenation seen in human placental vessels of pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Isolated placental arteries and veins from GDM and uncomplicated full-term pregnancies were precontracted with prostaglandin F(2alpha) (PO(2) 35-38 Torr) and then exposed to lactate (1-10 mM), arachidonic acid (0.01-10 microM), nitroglycerin (1 nM-1 microM), forskolin (0.01-10 microM), or H(2)O(2) (1 microM-1 mM + 10 microM indomethacin). The rates of tissue H(2)O(2) metabolism by catalase and nitrite production were measured. The relaxation to lactate was reduced in GDM placental arteries and veins by 54-85 and 66-80%, and the relaxation to H(2)O(2) was inhibited by 80-94% in GDM placental veins compared with vessels from uncomplicated full-term pregnancies. H(2)O(2) caused only minimal relaxation of placental arteries. Responses to other relaxing agents were not altered in the GDM placental vessels. Diabetic vessels showed rates of nitrite production that were increased by 113-195% and rates of H(2)O(2) metabolism by catalase that were decreased by 44-61%. The loss of relaxation to H(2)O(2) and lactate (mediated via H(2)O(2)), perhaps as a result of the inhibition of catalase by nitric oxide, may explain the previously reported enhancement of prostaglandin-mediated contractile responses to H(2)O(2) and posthypoxic reoxygenation seen in GDM placental vessels.
Kearns Sayre syndrome: an unusual form of mitochondrial diabetes.; Kearns Sayre syndrome (KSS) is a mitochondrial disorder characterized by the emergence before age 20 of progressive external ophthalmoplegia, pigmentary retinopathy, together with other heterogeneous clinical manifestations, including cardiac conduction defects, muscle abnormalities and endocrinopathies. KSS is associated with large heteroplasmic deletions in mitochondrial DNA. We report the case of a 43-year-old woman, with diabetes mellitus as a first manifestation at age 19. Later, she exhibited bilateral ptosis and external ophthalmoplegia with progressive worsening. DNA analysis identified a large mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) deletion, which confirmed the diagnosis of KSS. By reporting this case with diabetes mellitus as first manifestation, we aim at emphasizing problems of diagnosis in these subtypes of mitochondrial diabetes.
Breastfeeding initiation among women with chronic hypertension superimposed on pregestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To compare breastfeeding (BF) initiation among 317 women with chronic hypertension (CHTN) and 106 women with CHTN superimposed on pregestational diabetes (CHTN-DM) who intended exclusive or partial BF. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of women who delivered at≥34 weeks of gestation. At discharge, exclusive BF was defined by direct BF or BF complemented with expressed breast milk (EBM) while partial BF was defined by formula supplementation. RESULTS: CHTN and CHTN-DM groups were similar in prior BF experience (42 vs 52%), intention to BF exclusively (89 vs 79%) and intention to partially BF (11 vs 21%). Women in the CHTN group were younger (31 vs 33y), more likely primiparous (44 vs 27%), and delivered vaginally (59 vs 36%) at term (85 vs 75%). Women in the CHTN-DM group had higher repeat cesarean rates (32 vs 18%), preterm birth (25 vs 15%), neonatal hypoglycemia (42 vs 14%) and NICU admission (38 vs 16%). At discharge, exclusive BF rates among CHTN was higher (48 vs 19%), while rates of partial BF (34 vs 44%) and FF (18 vs 37%) were lower than in the CHTN-DM group. BF initiation (exclusive plus partial BF) occurred in 82%of CHTN and in 63% of CHTN-DM. CONCLUSION: Although intention to BF was similar, BF initiation rates were higher for the CHTN compared to the CHTN-DM group. Exclusive BF was low in the CHTN and even lower in the CHTN-DM group signaling the need for targeted interventions if BF initiation rates are to be improved.
The influence of L-arginine on blood pressure, vascular nitric oxide and renal morphometry in the offspring from diabetic mothers.; The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of L-arginine (L-arg) supplementation on blood pressure, vascular nitric oxide content, and renal morphometry in the adult offspring from diabetic mothers. Diabetes mellitus was induced in female rats with a single dose of streptozotocin (50 mg/kg), before mating. The offspring was divided into four groups: group C (controls); group DO (diabetic offspring); group CA (controls receiving 2% L-arg solution dissolved in 2% sucrose in the drinking water) and group DA (DO receiving the L-arg solution). Oral supplementation began after weaning and continued until the end of the experiments. In DO, hypertension was observed, from 3 mo on. In DA, pressure levels were not different from C and CA. In 6-mo-old animals, basal NO production (assessed by DAF-2) was significantly depressed in DO in comparison to controls. The NO production was significantly increased after stimulation with Ach or BK in all groups, the increase being greater in control than in DO rats. L-arg was able to improve the NO production and to prevent the glomerular hypertrophy in the DO. Our data suggest that the bioavailability of NO is reduced in the DO, because L-arg corrected both the hypertension and glomerular hypertrophy.
Altered response of human umbilical artery to 5-HT in gestational diabetic pregnancy.; The aim of this investigation was to evaluate serotonin (5-HT) action on isolated human umbilical arteries (HUA) from normal and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies. 5-HT caused HUA contraction in a concentration-dependent manner in both investigated groups but with lower efficacy in GDM. After endothelial denudation or in the presence of indomethacin (cyclooxygenase inhibitor), the 5-HT-evoked response was comparably augmented, but only in arteries from uncomplicated pregnancies. 5-HT contractions were unchanged by L-NOARG (NO-synthase inhibitor) or glibenclamide (K(ATP) channel blocker) in both investigated groups. Whereas nifedipine (Ca(2+) channel blocker) reduced the contractile effect of 5-HT and was more potent in GDM, ouabain (Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase inhibitor) caused the contraction of HUA prior to 5-HT addition in both groups, but with a significantly reduced effect in GDM. In vascular rings from GDM, methiothepin (a 5-HT(1)/5-HT(2) receptor antagonist) significantly reduced 5-HT-induced contraction to a similar extent as compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Ketanserin (a 5-HT(2A) receptor antagonist) produced a concentration-dependent inhibition of the 5-HT effect in GDM. In conclusion, in normal pregnancies, 5-HT produced a concentration- and endothelium-dependent contraction of HUA, most probably via endothelial prostacyclin. In contrast, the contractile effect of 5-HT in GDM was reduced with apparent endothelial dysfunction. In both normal and diabetic pregnancies, voltage-gated Ca(2+) channels and Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase contribute to the 5-HT-evoked contraction, as well to the regulation of basal vascular tone, but those actions were notably impaired in GDM. In uncomplicated and diabetic pregnancies, the transduction mechanism of 5-HT involves activation of mixed population of 5-HT(1) and 5-HT(2A) receptors in the HUA.
Renal function and urinary urokinase in hypertensive and diabetic pregnancies.; Urokinase (u-PA) dissolves and removes fibrin deposits in the renal secretory pathways in various renal diseases. During pregnancy nephropathy creates a problem in preeclampsia and diabetes, but the underlying mechanism of glomerular damage is different. Preeclamptic nephropathy is characterized as 'glomerular endotheliosis' with hypertrophy of the intracapillary cells, and diabetic nephropathy as 'glomerulosclerosis' with hyaline deposits. The role of fibrin deposition for the etiology of renal damage in preeclampsia is controversial. Changes of the urinary secretion of u-PA may reflect the type of glomerular damage. Our hypotheses were that renal insufficiency is associated with a low u-PA activity in both conditions, and that severe disease is parallel to declining concentrations of u-PA. We compared the glomerular filtration rate, S-Creatinine and S-Urate with urinary u-PA excretion in 24 hypertensive and 20 diabetic pregnant women. In diabetic patients, a low u-PA concentrations was associated with an impaired renal function. In hypertensive pregnancy, the u-PA excretion did not reflect the severity of the hypertensive disease or renal function. No association was found between u-PA excretion and renal function post partum in any group. We conclude that renal urokinase activity plays a role for renal function in diabetic but not in hypertensive pregnancy.
Fetal aortic blood flow and echocardiographic findings in human pregnancy.; Relationships between human fetal aortic blood flow parameters and the corresponding echocardiographic findings were investigated in 51 normal, 26 hypertensive and 18 diabetic late pregnancies. In the normal pregnancies the time-averaged mean and peak velocities and the waveform indexes of the flow in the fetal aorta were not dependent on the cardiac size nor on the fractional shortening of the myocardium. Total blood flow in the aorta correlated well with heart size and left ventricular output. Hypertensive cases had, as a group, lower aortic velocities and higher waveform indexes than normal and diabetic pregnancies, and the difference from normal was particularly great if the fetus was growth-retarded. Myocardial contractility in these fetuses remained good in spite of these peripheric hemodynamic alterations, but the relative size of the right ventricle was increased. The diabetic cases had smaller blood flow volume in fetal aorta than in the normal cases. In contrast with normal pregnancies the myocardial fractional shortening of these fetuses decreased if the pulsatility of the aortic blood flow increased or the total blood flow in the aorta was high. These findings point to a decreased functional capacity of the fetal heart in a diabetic pregnancy, in particular in the late weeks of gestation.
Pericyte coverage of fetoplacental vessels in pregnancies complicated by Type 1 diabetes mellitus.; Placentas from pregnancies complicated by Type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM 1) display altered vascular morphology and function. Here we studied the extent of pericyte coverage in microvessels of normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by DM 1. We used smooth muscle actin (SMA) as a marker for quantitation of pericyte coverage in placental capillaries. The extent of pericyte coverage around the vessel circumference was 38 ± 11% in normal vs. 33 ± 10% in DM 1 pregnancies. We found that there is no statistically significant difference in the extent of pericyte coverage around the capillary circumference between DM 1 and normal pregnancies.
Fetoplacental endothelial exosomes modulate high d-glucose-induced endothelial dysfunction.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction, which may be induced by hyperglycemia. We hypothesized that endothelial exosomes, which are extracellular nanovesicles affecting endothelial function, play a role in the high glucose (HG)-induced endothelial dysfunction. METHODS: Exosomes were isolated from HUVECs incubated with basal glucose (5.5 mmol/L; HUVEC- BG; exo-BG) and from HUVECs incubated with HG for 24 h (25 mmol/L; HUVEC-HG; exo-HG) in exosome-free medium. Exosomes were isolated and characterized by ultracentrifugation, sucrose gradient, electron microscopy, nanotracking analysis and Western blotting. HUVEC-BG and HUVEC-HG were exposed to exo-BG and exo-HG in two different concentrations: 5 μg and 1 μg exosome protein/mL. The exosomal effect on endothelial cell function was determined by wound healing assay, expression of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), human cationic amino acid transporter type 1 (hCAT-1), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and intracellular adhesion molecule type 1 (ICAM-1) by Western blotting, qPCR or flow cytometry. RESULTS: HG increased the exosomal release from HUVECs, endothelial wound healing and expression of phosphorylated (P∼Ser(1177))-eNOS, hCAT-1, VEGF and ICAM-1. Exo-HG also increased endothelial cell wound healing, P∼Ser(1177)-eNOS, hCAT-1 and ICAM-1 expression in HUVEC-BG. Exo-BG reverted the effect of HG on endothelial cell wound healing and hCAT-1 mRNA expression to normal values. DISCUSSION: Our results show that HG may induce endothelial dysfunction in HUVECs and that exosomes from HUVEC-HG mimicked some of the effects of HG. This study contributes to the unraveling of the mechanism by which hyperglycemia affects the fetoplacental vasculature in GDM.
Pigment Epithelium-Derived Factor, a Novel Adipokine, Contributes to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; CONTEXT: Excessive insulin resistance, inadequate insulin compensation, or both could result in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Levels of pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF), a novel adipokine that could induce insulin resistance, are high in patients with obesity and diabetes. However, the impact of PEDF in pregnancy remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to elucidate the role of PEDF on insulin resistance and compensatory elevation of insulin levels during normal pregnancy and in patients with GDM. METHODS: In this population-based and cohort study, logistic regression analysis was performed to determine the association of PEDF/adiponectin/leptin levels with the risk of developing GDM and to predict postpartum prediabetes. PEDF protein, PEDF transgenic mice, PEDF knockout mice, and PEDF-neutralized antibodies were used to observe changes in insulin resistance and insulin levels with pregnancy. RESULTS: Plasma PEDF levels were increased in normal pregnancy and higher in GDM women. Higher PEDF levels were associated with the increased risk of developing GDM and emerged as a significant independent determinant of postpartum prediabetes in GDM women. Mechanistically, in vivo and in vitro experiments revealed that PEDF induced insulin resistance by inhibiting the insulin signaling pathway. CONCLUSION: In addition to insulin resistance and upregulated insulin levels in normal pregnancy and GDM, aberrant PEDF levels can serve as a "fingerprint" of metabolic abnormalities during pregnancy. Thus, PEDF is a valuable biomarker but could interfere with the time course for early diagnosis and prognosis of GDM.
A cross-sectional study of tumor markers during normal and high-risk pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To determine tumor marker concentrations during normal and high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: The present cross-sectional study included women attending the gynecology outpatient department at All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India, between November 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013. Their serum was assayed for carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), cancer antigen 19-9 (CA19-9), and cancer antigen 15-3 (CA15-3). RESULTS: A total of 251 pregnant women and 31 nonpregnant women were included. Median CEA value was lower among pregnant women than among nonpregnant women (1.2μg/L vs 1.4μg/L; P=0.006), whereas that of CA15-3 was higher (16.7U/mL vs 12.3U/mL; P=0.03). CA19-9 concentration was higher among pregnant women aged 25-29years (7.0U/mL) or 30-34years (7.2U/mL) than among those aged 20-24years (4.2U/mL; P=0.01 for both). The CA15-3 level was increased during the second (13.0U/mL) and third (60.5U/mL) trimesters compared with the first trimester (9.5U/mL) (P≤0.01 for both comparisons). It was also raised in high-risk pregnancies (33.7U/mL), specifically pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (39.7U/mL), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (64.3U/mL), or heart disease (54.0U/mL) (P<0.05 for all). CONCLUSION: CA15-3 concentrations rise during pregnancy, but whether this increase can be attributed to physiological changes in breast tissue needs to be investigated further.
Neonatal diabetes mellitus and cerebellar hypoplasia/agenesis: report of a new recessive syndrome.; Classical neonatal diabetes mellitus is defined as hyperglycaemia occurring within the first six weeks of life in term infants. Cerebellar agenesis is rare. We report three cases of neonatal diabetes mellitus, cerebellar hypoplasia/agenesis, and dysmorphism occurring within a highly consanguineous family. This constellation of abnormalities has not previously been described. Two of these cases are sisters and the third case is a female first cousin. The pattern of inheritance suggests this is a previously undescribed autosomal recessive disorder. Prenatal diagnosis of the condition in this family was possible by demonstration of the absence of the cerebellum and severe IUGR.
Protocol for the INFORMED (Individualised Patient Care and Treatment for Maternal Diabetes) Study: a randomised controlled trial embedded within routine care.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes in pregnancy presents a unique physiological challenge to manage glycaemia while maintaining adequate nourishment for the growing fetus. Women with diabetes who become pregnant are at greater risk of adverse maternal and newborn outcomes, compared with women without diabetes. Evidence suggests that control of (postprandial) glycaemia is key to manage maternal and offspring health but it is not yet clear (1) how diet and lifestyle moderate these shifts across the full duration of pregnancy or (2) what aspects of maternal and offspring health are associated with dysglycaemia. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: To investigate these gaps, a cross-over randomised clinical trial has been embedded within routine clinical care. Seventy-six pregnant women in their first trimester with type 1 or type 2 diabetes (with or without medication) attending their routine antenatal appointments at National Health Service (NHS) Leeds Teaching Hospitals will be recruited. Following informed consent, data on women's health, glycaemia, pregnancy and delivery will be shared by the NHS with researchers. At each visit in the first (10-12 weeks), second (18-20 weeks) and third (28-34 weeks) trimester, participants will be asked for consent to: (1) lifestyle and diet questionnaires, (2) blood for research purposes and (3) analysis of urine collected at clinical visits. Additionally, participants will be asked to consume two blinded meals in duplicate in second and third trimester. Glycaemia will be assessed by continuous glucose monitoring as part of routine care. The primary outcome is the effect of experimental meals (high vs low protein) on postprandial glycaemia. Secondary outcomes include (1) the association between dysglycaemia and maternal and newborn health, and (2) the association between maternal metabolic profiles in early pregnancy with dysglycaemia in later pregnancy. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The Leeds East Research Ethics Committee and NHS (REC: 21/NE/0196) approved the study. Results will be published in peer-reviewed journals and disseminated to participants and the wider public. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN57579163.
Circulatory and metabolic effects of hypoxia in the hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus.; Fetuses of women whose diabetes is poorly controlled often exhibit hypoxemia and elevated catecholamine concentrations at birth. In the ovine fetus, experimental hyperinsulinemia results in hypoxemia, elevated catecholamine concentrations, and hemodynamic changes. Limited oxygen availability occurring during pregnancy-related complications and/or delivery may present an additional risk to the hyperinsulinemic fetus. In this study, we tested the hypothesis that hypoxia induced via acutely limiting oxygen availability compromises the hemodynamically and metabolically stressed but compensated hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus. Fetuses receiving insulin (n = 8) or placebo (n = 5) for 48 h were exposed to maternally induced hypoxia. Hypoxic hypoxia was associated with a surge in catecholamines in the hyperinsulinemic fetuses. During hypoxia, this group exhibited insulin-related sustained increases in the combined ventricular output and fetal body blood flow, accentuation of the prior insulin-related increase in blood flow to the heart, decreased systemic oxygen delivery, accentuation of the insulin-related increased oxygen extraction, reductions in the insulin-related increased systemic oxygen uptake, sustained increases in regional oxygen delivery to the heart and adrenal glands, reductions in the insulin-related increased delivery to the carcass, and decreased oxygen delivery to the kidneys and gastrointestinal tract. We conclude that, in the hyperinsulinemic ovine fetus, hypoxic hypoxia attenuates the hyperinsulinemia-mediated increased systemic oxygen uptake. Regional oxygen transport is preserved to vital regions (brain, heart, and adrenal glands) by increased perfusion and compromised to certain other regions (kidneys and gastrointestinal tract), because the increases in perfusion are insufficient to offset the limited oxygen availability.
Increased prevalence of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in European women with a history of gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is common in type 2 diabetes but it is unknown whether NAFLD is prevalent in European women at risk of type 2 diabetes. We studied the prevalence of, and risk factors for, NAFLD in European women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) at high risk of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: A total of 110 women with previous GDM and 113 without previous GDM, with non-diabetic glucose tolerance were recruited retrospectively from antenatal databases. Participants underwent liver ultrasound scan examination, anthropometry and blood sampling for liver function tests and to determine levels of fasting lipids, NEFA and insulin and glucose concentrations in order to derive insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion indices (HOMA%S and HOMA%B, respectively). RESULTS: There was no significant difference in BMI in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM (28.9 ± 0.6 vs. 27.9 ± 0.6 kg/m(2), respectively; p = 0.12). Women with previous GDM had higher fasting and 2 h glucose concentrations following a 75 g OGTT ([mean ± SEM] fasting glucose 5.3 ± 0.1 vs. 5.1 ± 0.1 mmol/l, p = 0.02; 2 h glucose 6.8 ± 0.2 vs. 5.8 ± 0.3 mmol/l, p = 0.02), dyslipidaemia (LDL-cholesterol 3.3 ± 0.1 vs. 2.8 ± 0.1 mmol/l; HDL-cholesterol [median {interquartile range}] 1.3 [1.2-1.6] vs. 1.8 [1.5-1.9] mmol/l; triacylglycerol 1.3 [0.9-1.6] vs. 1.0 [0.7-1.7] mmol/l, all p ≤ 0.03), higher insulin secretion and lower insulin sensitivity. NAFLD prevalence was greater in women with previous GDM compared with those without previous GDM: 38% (95% CI 28-47%) vs. 17% (95% CI 10-24%), p = 0.001. In multiple logistic regression analysis, lower insulin sensitivity and raised serum alanine transaminase concentrations were associated with NAFLD. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: NAFLD is prevalent in European women with previous GDM. Impaired insulin sensitivity and increased liver transaminase activity are closely associated with NAFLD in these women.
Rate of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Pregnancy Outcomes in Patients with Chronic Hypertension.; Objective This study aims to determine the rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in pregnancies complicated by chronic hypertension and to compare the adverse outcomes in chronic hypertensive pregnancies with and without GDM. Study Design A secondary analysis from a multicenter trial of low-dose aspirin for preeclampsia prevention in women with chronic hypertension. The rate of GDM was evaluated among singleton pregnancies complicated with chronic hypertension and grouped according to their GDM status. Pregnancy outcomes and rates of preterm delivery < 35 weeks and < 32 weeks, preeclampsia, indicated preterm birth, small for gestational age, abruptio placentae, and perinatal death were compared between those with and without GDM. A subgroup analysis comparing women who developed superimposed preeclampsia with and without GDM was studied. Multivariate logistic-regression analysis was used to adjust for potentially confounding factors. Results A total of 763 women met the inclusion criteria: 129 (17%) developed GDM. Parity, race, maternal baseline blood pressure, antihypertensive drug use, and assignment to low-dose aspirin were not significantly different between the groups with and without GDM. Using univariate analysis, maternal age (33 vs. 24%, p = 0.03) and body mass index (88 vs. 57%, p < 0.001) were higher in those who had GDM, whereas the rate of preterm delivery < 32 weeks (12 vs. 5%, p = 0.02) was higher among those without GDM. Using logistic-regression analysis, the rate of composite adverse outcomes (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.77; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.41-1.47) that included indicated preterm birth, small for gestational age, abruptio placentae, and perinatal death showed no significant differences.Superimposed preeclampsia developed in 34 (26%) women with GDM and in 182 (29%) without GDM. When superimposed preeclampsia was present, it developed at an earlier gestational age among the group without GDM (35 ± 5 vs. 37 ± 3 weeks, p = 0.003), and had higher rates of small for gestational age infants (18 vs. 3%, p = 0.03). After adjustment for confounders, only length of stay in neonatal intensive care unit was longer for those without GDM who developed superimposed preeclampsia (aOR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.2-0.93). Conclusion Women with chronic hypertension are at a high risk for developing GDM. Outcomes in patients with chronic hypertension and GDM are not significantly different from those with chronic hypertension only.
Fetal epicardial fat thickness in diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies: A retrospective cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate fetal epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in diabetic and control pregnancies. METHODS: A retrospective cross-sectional study was performed in which fetal EFT was measured in the second trimester in 28 diabetics and 28 non-diabetic patients. Maternal BMI, estimated fetal weight, birth weight, fetal abdominal circumference, and subcutaneous fat thickness were also collected. Statistical analysis was carried out by means of chi-square, Wilcoxon rank-sum test, Student's T test, and linear regression as appropriate. RESULTS: EFT was significantly higher in diabetic (1.43 mm) vs. control fetuses (1.16 mm), P = 0.02. This relationship remained significant when controlling for covariates. CONCLUSIONS: EFT was higher in fetuses of diabetic mothers vs. fetuses from controls. If confirmed in prospective studies, this may represent a novel marker for altered fetal metabolism due to maternal diabetes.
Impact of Noise Exposure on Risk of Developing Stress-Related Obstetric Health Effects: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Exposure to noise can increase biological stress reactions and that could increase the risk of stress-related prenatal effects, including adverse obstetric outcomes; however, the association between exposure to noise and adverse obstetric outcomes has not been extensively explored. The objective of this review was to evaluate the evidence between noise exposures and adverse obstetric outcomes, specifically preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A systematic review of English language, comparative studies available in PubMed, Cochrane Central, EMBASE, and CINAHL databases between January 1, 1980 and December 29, 2021 was performed. Risk of bias for individual studies was assessed using the Risk of Bias Instrument for Nonrandomized Studies of Exposures, and the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) approach was used to assess the certainty of the body of evidence for each outcome. RESULTS: Six studies reporting on preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension were identified. Although some studies suggested there may be signals of increased responses to increased noise exposure for preeclampsia and gestational hypertension, the certainty in the evidence of an effect of increased noise on all the outcomes was very low due to concerns with risk of bias, inconsistency across studies, and imprecision in the effect estimates. CONCLUSIONS: While the certainty of the evidence for noise exposure and adverse obstetric outcomes was very low, the findings from this review may be useful for directing further research in this area, as there is currently limited evidence available. These findings may also be useful for informing guidelines and policies involving noise exposure situations or environments.
Maternal nonthyroidal illness and fetal thyroid hormone status, as studied in the streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus rat model.; We have used the streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus pregnant rat as a model of maternal nonthyroidal illness. We measured the effects of different degrees of diabetes mellitus on maternal body weight, the outcome of pregnancy, circulating glucose, insulin, T4, T3, rT3, and TSH in mother and fetus, T4 and T3 in maternal and fetal tissues, and iodothyronine deiodinases in liver, lung, and brain. All of the changes in thyroid hormone status typical of nonthyroidal illnesses were observed in the mothers and were related to the degree of the metabolic imbalances. Most were controlled with a daily insulin dose of 0.5 U/100 g BW. Normalization of maternal placental T4, however, required higher insulin doses than in other maternal tissues. The number and body weight of the fetuses, their pituitary GH contents, and their thyroid hormone status were severely affected. The total extrathyroidal T4 and T3 pools decreased to one third of normal fetal values. T4 and T3 concentrations in the fetal brain were lower than normal, and the expected increase in type II 5'deiodinase activity was not observed. The low cerebral T3 only improved with adequate insulin treatment of the dams. It is concluded that maternal diabetes mellitus, and possibly other nonthyroidal illnesses that impair the availability of intracellular energy stores, may affect fetal brain T3 when thyroid hormones are essential for normal development.
Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes, child adiposity, and blood pressure.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may promote offspring obesity and higher systolic blood pressure (SBP) by adolescence. Few studies have examined adiposity or SBP in younger children exposed to GDM. This study's objective was to examine associations of maternal glucose tolerance during pregnancy with offspring adiposity and SBP at age 3 years. METHODS: We studied 1,238 mother-child pairs in Project Viva, a prospective prebirth cohort study. Exposures were maternal blood glucose following oral glucose load, and GDM confirmed by 3-h glucose tolerance test. Main child outcomes were age 3-year body mass index (BMI) z-score, the sum (SS+TR) and ratio (SS/TR) of subscapular (SS) and tricep (TR) skinfold thicknesses, and SBP. We performed adjusted multivariable analyses. RESULTS: Fifty-one (4%) mothers had GDM. 9.3% of 3 year-old children were obese and mean (s.d.) SBP was 92 (11) mm Hg. Children exposed to GDM had higher SBP (3.2 mm Hg, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.4, 5.9, P = 0.02) and greater adiposity when assessed by the sum of skinfolds (SS+TR 1.31 mm, 95% CI: 0.08, 2.55, P = 0.04) but not by BMI z-score (-0.08 units, 95% CI: -0.37, 0.22, P = 0.61). After additional adjustment for the sum of skinfold thicknesses (SS+TR), the relationship between GDM and SBP was attenuated and no longer significant (2.6 mm Hg, 95% CI: -0.2, 5.4, P = 0.07). CONCLUSIONS: Children exposed to GDM have higher adiposity, which may mediate the higher SBP in these children. These findings extend to younger children the adverse effects of GDM previously found among adolescents and adults.
[A case of type 1 diabetes mellitus with hypothalamic amenorrhea: successful pregnancy following subcutaneous pulsatile administration of LHRH].; A 27-year-old woman with type 1 diabetes mellitus was admitted to the Shimane Medical University Hospital because of secondary amenorrhea. She had been treated with insulin since July, 1986. Fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c levels were controlled within normal limits. However, body weight gradually decreased and amenorrhea started in 1988. Physical examination revealed emaciation with BMI of 17.3. Basal levels of plasma T3, somatomedin C, LH, FSH and estradiol levels were low, whereas HGH levels were slightly elevated. Plasma LH markedly increased in response to LHRH administration. She was diagnosed as having weight loss-related hypothalamic amenorrhea. Induction of ovulation was not obtained with clomiphene citrate. Treatment with subcutaneous pulsatile administration of LHRH (20 micrograms every 120 min) resulted in an increase in plasma levels of LH, FSH and estradiol, which was accompanied by ovulation and corpus luteum formation. Further treatment with pulsatile LHRH administration was followed by conception. Two gestational sacs were detected by ultrasonography. One of them was absorbed at the early stage of pregnancy. She was delivered of one healthy female infant without complications. These findings suggest that it is important not only to control plasma glucose levels but to keep the appropriate weight and support the psychological aspects of the subject in the treatment of diabetes mellitus. Subcutaneous pulsatile LHRH therapy may be effective for the induction of ovulation in clomiphene-resistant hypothalamic amenorrhea; however, it will be necessary to solve the problem of dosage and the interval of LHRH administration in the future.
Risk of Venous Thromboembolic Events in Pregnant Patients With Autoimmune Diseases: A Population-Based Study.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to evaluate the effect of autoimmune disease on the risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) including deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) in pregnant women. METHODS: Using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from 2003 to 2011, the risk of developing DVT, PE, and VTE among pregnant patients with selected autoimmune diseases was estimated using unconditional logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Our study cohort consisted of 7 917 453 women of which 43 523 had underlying autoimmune diseases. Risk of VTE was high in pregnant women with systemic lupus erythematosus, dermatomyositis, rheumatoid arthritis, type 1 diabetes mellitus, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease. CONCLUSION: Most autoimmune diseases considerably increase the risk of VTE. Thromboprophylaxis may be considered in pregnancies with autoimmune disease, particularly those with systemic lupus erythematosus and dermatomyositis.
Pregnancy outcomes in women on metformin for diabetes or other indications among those seeking teratology information services.; AIMS: Metformin is used to treat type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome associated infertility, and gestational diabetes. This study aims to evaluate the safety of metformin in early pregnancy. METHOD: We evaluated the risk of major birth defects and pregnancy losses in a cohort of pregnant women exposed to metformin during the first trimester for different indications relative to a matched unexposed reference group. RESULTS: The risk of major birth defects was 5.1% (20/392) in pregnancies exposed to metformin during the first trimester and 2.1% (9/431) in the reference group [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 1.70; 95% CI 0.70-4.38]. Among metformin users, this risk was 7.8% (17/219) in patients with pre-gestational diabetes and 1.7% (3/173) in those without this diagnosis. Compared to the unexposed reference, the OR for metformin user with diabetes was 3.95 (95% CI 1.77-9.41) and for metformin with other indications it was 0.83 (95% CI 0.18-2.81). The risk of pregnancy losses (spontaneous abortions and stillbirths) was 20.8% in women on metformin during the first trimester and 10.8% in the reference group [adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 1.57; 95% CI 0.90-2.74]. The risks for women on metformin with and without pre-gestational diabetes were 24.0% and 16.8% respectively, with adjusted HR of 2.51 (95% CI 1.44-4.36) and 1.38 (95% CI 0.74-2.59) when compared to the reference. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women with pre-gestational diabetes on metformin are at a higher risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes than the general population. This appears to be due to the underlying diabetes since women on metformin for other indications do not present meaningfully increased risks.
Impact of pregnancy on the progression of diabetic retinopathy in Type 1 diabetes.; AIMS: To evaluate the impact of pregnancy on the progression of diabetic retinopathy in women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and to identify risk factors for the progression of retinopathy during pregnancy. METHODS: One hundred and seventy-nine pregnancies in 139 women with pregestational Type 1 diabetes were studied prospectively between January 1990 and December 1998. Dilated fundal examination was performed at booking, 24 weeks and 34 weeks or 4-6 weekly if retinopathy present at booking. Data were collected on glycaemic control (HbA(1c)) throughout pregnancy. RESULTS: Progression to proliferative retinopathy was seen in four (2.2%) pregnancies while moderate progression was seen in a further five (2.8%) pregnancies. Progression of retinopathy was significantly increased in women with duration of diabetes 10-19 years compared with duration < 10 years (10% vs. 0%; P = 0.007) and in women with moderate to severe background retinopathy at booking (30% vs. 3.7%; P = 0.01). Although HbA(1c) at booking was higher (7.5% vs. 6.6%; P = 0.08) and the fall in HbA(1c) between booking and 24 weeks was greater (1.6% vs. 1.2%; P = 0.2) in those women showing progression of retinopathy, these changes were not significant. CONCLUSIONS: Progression of retinopathy in pregnancy was uncommon (5.0% pregnancies) but was significantly more common in women with duration of diabetes > 10 years and in women with moderate to severe retinopathy at baseline. Laser therapy was needed in 2.2% pregnancies, which is much lower than that reported in earlier studies. Diabet. Med. 18, 573-577 (2001)
Catching up on the latest USPSTF recommendations.; Screening is now encouraged for hepatitis B in those at high risk and for gestational diabetes at 24 weeks gestation. Low-dose aspirin is also advised for pregnant women at risk for preeclampsia.
Duration of lactation and incidence of the metabolic syndrome in women of reproductive age according to gestational diabetes mellitus status: a 20-Year prospective study in CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults).; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to prospectively assess the association between lactation duration and incidence of the metabolic syndrome among women of reproductive age. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants were 1,399 women (39% black, aged 18-30 years) in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study, an ongoing multicenter, population-based, prospective observational cohort study conducted in the U.S. Women were nulliparous and free of the metabolic syndrome at baseline (1985-1986) and before subsequent pregnancies, and reexamined 7, 10, 15, and/or 20 years after baseline. Incident metabolic syndrome case participants were identified according to National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria. Complementary log-log models estimated relative hazards of incident metabolic syndrome among time-dependent lactation duration categories by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) adjusted for age, race, study center, baseline covariates (BMI, metabolic syndrome components, education, smoking, physical activity), and time-dependent parity. RESULTS: Among 704 parous women (620 non-GDM, 84 GDM), there were 120 incident metabolic syndrome case participants in 9,993 person-years (overall incidence rate 12.0 per 1,000 person-years; 10.8 for non-GDM, 22.1 for GDM). Increased lactation duration was associated with lower crude metabolic syndrome incidence rates from 0-1 month through >9 months (P < 0.001). Fully adjusted relative hazards showed that risk reductions associated with longer lactation were stronger among GDM (relative hazard range 0.14-0.56; P = 0.03) than non-GDM groups (relative hazard range 0.44-0.61; P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Longer duration of lactation was associated with lower incidence of the metabolic syndrome years after weaning among women with a history of GDM and without GDM, controlling for preconception measurements, BMI, and sociodemographic and lifestyle traits. Lactation may have persistent favorable effects on women's cardiometabolic health.
General practitioners' knowledge about pregnancy complications associated with long-term cardiovascular risk.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women; preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of CVD. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate general practitioners (GP) knowledge about complicated pregnancies and their association with CVD. METHODS: An anonymous case-based electronic questionnaire designed to assess the level of understanding on the influence of a history of pregnancy complications on long-term cardiovascular risk and general knowledge about CVD risk was sent to GPs. RESULTS: The response rate was 35 % (161/465). The participants recognized that PE and GDM are risk factors for CVD (98 and 83 %, respectively), and reported the following CVD screening strategies in women with a history of PE and GDM: blood pressure monitoring (PE 100 %, GDM 46 %), body mass index calculation (PE 68 %, GDM 57 %), lipid profile evaluation (PE 71 %, GDM 57 %), glycated hemoglobin (PE 26 %, GDM 92 %), and fasting glucose (PE 28 %, GDM 91 %). CONCLUSION: GP-reported screening strategies to identify CVD in women with a history of PE and GDM were variable.
Adherence to a lifestyle programme in overweight/obese pregnant women and effect on gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.; This study aims to determine whether the prescription of a detailed lifestyle programme in overweight/obese pregnant women influences the occurrence of gestational diabetes (GDM), and if this kind of prescription increases the adherence to a healthier lifestyle in comparison to standard care. The study was designed as a randomized controlled trial, with open allocation, enrolling women at 9-12 weeks of pregnancy with a BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2) . The women assigned to the Intervention group (I = 96) received a hypocaloric, low-glycaemic, low-saturated fat diet and physical activity recommendations. Those assigned to the Standard Care group (SC = 95) received lifestyle advices regarding healthy nutrition and exercise. Follow-up was planned at the 16(th) , 20(th) , 28(th) and 36(th) weeks. A total of 131 women completed the study (I = 69, SC = 62). The diet adherence was higher in the I (57.9%) than in the SC (38.7%) group. GDM occurred less frequently in the I (18.8%) than in the SC (37.1%, P = 0.019) group. The adherent women from either groups showed a lower GDM rate (12.5% vs. 41.8%, P < 0.001). After correcting for confounders, the GDM rate was explained by allocation into the I group (P = 0.034) and a lower BMI category (P = 0.039). The rates of hypertension, preterm birth, induction of labour, large for gestational age babies and birthweight > 4000 g were significantly lower in I group. The incidence of small for gestational age babies was not different. These findings demonstrate that the adherence to a personalized, hypocaloric, low-glycaemic, low-saturated fat diet started early in pregnancy prevents GDM occurrence, in women with BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2) .
Stroke complicating pregnancy and the puerperium.; BACKGROUND: The role of nonobstetric factors, such as stroke, in maternal mortality has become of increasing importance because maternal deaths resulting directly from obstetric causes are decreasing. Strokes contribute to high mortality and morbidity, and are severe complications during pregnancy and puerperium. The objective of this study was to investigate the maternal outcome of patients with complications of stroke during pregnancy and puerperium. The causes, incidence and essential management of stroke are also reviewed. METHODS: During the 10-year period from January, 1986, to January, 1996, women who suffered from stroke during pregnancy, or up to six weeks postpartum, and were discharged from our hospital were identified. Stroke was defined as the abrupt onset of a focal neurologic syndrome that consisted of hemorrhagic and ischemic central nervous system events. All were assessed using computerized tomography or magnetic resonance imaging. Neurologists reviewed each case from the medical records. RESULTS: Thirteen women who had had a stroke during pregnancy or puerperium were identified. Nine of these women had intracerebral hemorrhage and four had ischemic strokes. During this 10-year period, approximately 85,321 women gave birth at the Mackay Memorial Hospital, and the incidence of stroke was approximately 1 in 6,500 pregnancies. Among the nine cases of hemorrhagic strokes, three women had preeclampsia and one had gestational diabetes mellitus. Mortality from strokes was 38%, and 63% of survivors had residual neurologic deficits; 46% of the strokes occurred during the puerperium. CONCLUSIONS: Stroke during pregnancy and puerperium causes high mortality and morbidity. Early diagnosis and adequate treatment cannot be overemphasized, as prompt and proper management is beneficial for outcome. The same meticulous care provided during the antepartum and intrapartum periods should be continued into the puerperium.
Are all the hypertensives made equal?; Blood pressure lowering in hypertensive patients is of significant importance. The complex pathophysiology makes the therapeutic targets many, and extensive research has provided us with many antihypertensive drugs. However, data indicate that the proportion of patients with controlled blood pressure is far from satisfying. This may partly be explained by a lack of individualized treatment. Present guidelines for management of hypertension emphasize that a thorough evaluation of the patient is necessary before initiating treatment. Based on information about gender, age, ethnicity, family history, clinical examination and concomitant diseases like diabetes mellitus, coronary heart disease, heart failure, cerebrovascular disease and gout, the physician is able to provide the best treatment. However, most patients need two to three drugs to control the blood pressure. Thus, we need methods to predict blood pressure responses to the various drugs in the individual patients. Possibly, in the future treatments may be based upon genetic variants. Until now, several polymorphisms in genes regulating blood pressure have been located, and these may influence responses to drugs. However, the results are heterogeneous and contradictory, and we are yet not capable of determining the best treatment based on genetic properties. Coming years challenge us to further clarify these potentially important aspects of treatment. Meanwhile, physicians are obligated to individualize the treatment by other means, based on disease history, concomitant diseases and clinical examination.
Endothelial progenitor cells in pregnancy.; The discovery of endothelial progenitor cells has generated considerable interest in the field of vascular biology. These cells arise from a population of circulating mononuclear cells and have the capacity to form new blood vessels and contribute to vascular repair. Circulating endothelial progenitor cell numbers are reduced in patients with cardiovascular risk factors and in the presence of endothelial dysfunction, but are increased in response to ischaemia, oestrogens and drug therapy. They have been studied in pathologies from cardiovascular and renal disease to rheumatoid arthritis and pre-eclampsia. Pregnancy is a challenge to the maternal vascular system, requiring systemic adaptation and pronounced local changes in the uterus. Diseases of pregnancy such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increase the risk of pregnancy complications and are associated with endothelial dysfunction. We propose that endothelial progenitor cells have an important role in the regulation and maintenance of the vasculature during pregnancy. This review summarises our current understanding of endothelial progenitor cells, with specific reference to their role in angiogenesis and human pregnancy.
Cardiometabolic outcomes of women exposed to hyperglycaemia first detected in pregnancy at 3-6 years post-partum in an urban South African setting.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycaemia first detected during pregnancy(HFDP) has far-reaching maternal consequences beyond the pregnancy. Our study evaluated the cardiometabolic outcomes in women with prior HFDP versus women without HFDP 3-6 years post-partum in urban South Africa. DESIGN AND METHODS: A prospective cohort study was performed of 103 black African women with prior HFDP and 101 without HFDP, 3-6 years post-partum at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital, Soweto. Index pregnancy data was obtained from medical records. Post-partum, participants were re-evaluated for anthropometric measurements, body composition utilizing dual energy X-ray absorptiometry(DXA) and biochemical analysis (two-hour 75gm OGTT fasting insulin, lipids, creatinine levels and glucose levels). Cardiovascular risk was assessed by Framingham risk score(FRS). Carotid intima media thickness(cIMT) was used as a surrogate marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Factors associated with progression to cardiometabolic outcomes were assessed using multivariable logistic and linear regression models. RESULTS: Forty-six(45.1%) HFDP women progressed to diabetes compared to 5(4.9%) in non HFDP group(p<0.001); only 20(43.4%) were aware of their diabetic status in the whole group. The odds(OR, 95% confidence interval(CI)) of progressing to type 2 diabetes(T2DM) and metabolic syndrome(MetS) after correcting for confounders in the HFDP group was 10.5(95% CI 3.7-29.5) and 6.3(95%CI 2.2-18.1), respectively. All visceral fat indices were found to be significantly higher in the HFDP group after adjusting for baseline body mass index. Ten-year estimated cardiovascular risk(FRS) and mean cIMT was statistically higher in the HFDP group(8.46 IQR 4.9-14.4; 0.48 mm IQR 0.44-0.53 respectively) compared to the non-HFDP group(3.48 IQR 2.1-5.7; 0.46mm IQR 0.42-0.50) respectively and this remained significant for FRS but was attenuated for cIMT after correcting for confounders. HIV did not play a role in progression to any of these outcomes. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of HFDP have a higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions within 6 years post-partum in an urban sub-Saharan African setting.
Successful pregnancy in I.D.D.M. with intravenous programmable insulin pump.; Management of subcutaneous insulin resistance remains a difficult problem which can be treated by administering insulin intravenously by means of infusion pumps. We wish to report the case of a 31 year old primigravida with subcutaneous insulin resistance who developed a hitherto undescribed clinical complication of clot formation at the catheter tip, successfully treated with anti-coagulant therapy. Previous publications on the use of pumps in pregnancy have reported on the intraperitoneal route for insulin administration.
Capacity Building and Innovation in Caring for Non-communicable Diseases in Maternal Global Health: The Example of Haiti.; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are important contributors to maternal morbidity and mortality worldwide. Yet, data on their prevalence and related outcomes in low-income countries are currently lacking. Additionally, screening and treatment protocols adapted for resource-limited settings are urgently required. This collaborative research initiative on the screening and management of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes was conducted in Saint-Nicolas Hospital in Saint-Marc, Haiti. The report discusses methods used to overcome several local challenges to implementation of care for NCDs. It also describes how collaborative research initiatives are efficient strategies to innovate and build research capacity for NCD care delivery during pregnancy in low-income countries.
Confounding effect of ethnic diversity on booking-in body mass index and prevalence of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in pregnant women in western Sydney 1997-2016.; BACKGROUND: Maternal obesity is a key risk factor for morbidity in pregnancy. Accurate data on trends in obesity are required in high-risk populations such as in western Sydney to implement effective policy. AIMS: This study examines multi-site public hospital data on maternal ethnicity, body mass index (BMI), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension across 20 years in Western Sydney Local Health District (WSLHD). MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study of all women who delivered a live birth beyond 20 weeks at Westmead, Blacktown and Auburn Hospitals (WSLHD) between 1 January 1997 and 31 December 2016. RESULTS: There were 112 308 pregnant women included. Between 1997 and 2006, mean booking-in BMI climbed from 24.9 (median 23.9) to peak at 26.2 (24.9). It then fell to 25.3 (24.1) in 2012 before rising to 25.6 (24.4) in 2016. Rates of hypertensive disorders changed little over the period, with a small fall in pre-eclampsia. In contrast, there was a progressive upward trend in the prevalence of GDM, accelerating considerably after 2010. These trends were associated with a shifting ethnic profile with proportions of Australia/New Zealand-born women falling from 56.9% to 36.8%, while those from South Asia increased from 4.5% to 26.3%. CONCLUSIONS: Western Sydney booking-in BMI fluctuated between 1997 and 2016, reaching its peak in 2006. Despite this, rates of GDM progressively rose, with one in six mothers in western Sydney now diagnosed with some form of the condition. Both patterns are associated with a notable shift in the ethnic profile of patients booking-in to antenatal care in the region.
The impact of the interaction between increasing gestational age and obstetrical risk on birth outcomes: evidence of a varying optimal time of delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the gestational age ranges that result in optimal birth outcomes for each of four risk-defined groups. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study of singleton late third-trimester deliveries at a large urban teaching hospital between July 1995 and September 2003. Low-risk, advanced maternal age, hypertensive and diabetic patients were identified and grouped. Rates, by day of gestation at delivery, of cesarean delivery, major maternal perineal trauma, low 5-min APGAR score and NICU admission were determined for each study group. RESULTS: Each study group had meaningful changes in rates of obstetric outcomes as a function of gestational age at delivery and these patterns differed from group to group. A unique optimal time of delivery (OTD) was estimated for each group. The low-risk group OTD was calculated to be 37 weeks 1 day to 41 weeks 0 day; the advanced maternal age group OTD was 38 weeks 5 days to 39 weeks 6 days; the hypertension group OTD was 39 weeks 2 days to 40 weeks 1 day; and the diabetes mellitus group OTD was 40 weeks 3 days to 41 weeks 1 day. CONCLUSIONS: The OTD varied based on obstetrical risk. Strategies to increase the proportion of deliveries that occur within the OTD for specific risk-defined groups could theoretically improve birth outcomes.
Occurrence of Selected Structural Birth Defects Among Women With Preeclampsia and Other Hypertensive Disorders.; To explore a potential association between preeclampsia and selected birth defects, we examined the prevalence of certain birth defects among women with hypertensive disorders including preeclampsia. We analyzed data from 2,499,536 singleton live births in California from 2007 to 2011, including maternal and infant demographics from birth certificates as well as clinical details from delivery hospitalization records. We examined defect groups that were recognizable at birth (e.g., spina bifida and cleft lip). Hypertensive disorders included preexisting hypertension, gestational hypertension, mild preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia/eclampsia, and preeclampsia superimposed on preexisting hypertension. Relative risk values with 95% confidence intervals for each birth defect were calculated by hypertensive group, as well as independent and joint associations of hypertensive and diabetic disorders. Risks of each type of birth defect were higher among offspring of women with hypertensive disorders compared with those without. The risks of birth defects among offspring of women with only a hypertensive disorder were significantly higher than that among women with neither hypertensive nor diabetic disorders (relative risks ranged from 1.37 to 2.77). Risks of birth defects were highest among those born to women with both hypertensive and diabetic disorders compared with those with neither (relative risks ranged from 1.80 to 6.22). These findings support the existence of an association between preeclampsia and certain birth defects and suggest that diabetes may be a contributing factor.
Gestational diabetes mellitus modulates cholesterol homeostasis in human fetoplacental endothelium.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with excessive oxidative stress which may affect placental vascular function. Cholesterol homeostasis is crucial for maintaining fetoplacental endothelial function. We aimed to investigate whether and how GDM affects cholesterol metabolism in human fetoplacental endothelial cells (HPEC). HPEC were isolated from fetal term placental arterial vessels of GDM or control subjects. Cellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) were detected by H(2)DCFDA fluorescent dye. Oxysterols were quantified by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry analysis. Genes and proteins involved in cholesterol homeostasis were detected by real-time PCR and immunoblotting, respectively. Cholesterol efflux was determined from [(3)H]-cholesterol labeled HPEC and [(14)C]-acetate was used as cholesterol precursor to measure cholesterol biosynthesis and esterification. We detected enhanced formation of ROS and of specific, ROS-derived oxysterols in HPEC isolated from GDM versus control pregnancies. ROS-generated oxysterols were simultaneously elevated in cord blood of GDM neonates. Liver-X receptor activation in control HPEC by synthetic agonist TO901319, 7-ketocholesterol, or 7β-hydroxycholesterol upregulated ATP-binding cassette transporters (ABC)A1 and ABCG1 expression, accompanied by increased cellular cholesterol efflux. Upregulation of ABCA1 and ABCG1 and increased cholesterol release to apoA-I and HDL(3) (78 ± 17%, 40 ± 9%, respectively) were also observed in GDM versus control HPEC. The LXR antagonist GGPP reversed ABCA1 and ABCG1 upregulation and reduced the increased cholesterol efflux in GDM HPEC. Similar total cellular cholesterol levels were detected in control and GDM HPEC, while GDM enhanced cholesterol biosynthesis along with upregulated 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA reductase (HMGCR) and sterol O-acyltransferase 1 (SOAT1) mRNA and protein levels. Our results suggest that in GDM cellular cholesterol homeostasis in the fetoplacental endothelium is modulated via LXR activation and helps to maintain its proper functionality.
Fetal behavioural states and hypertensive pregnancy.; Delay in fetal maturation in diabetic and accelerated fetal maturation in hypertensive pregnancies have been reported in the past. The spontaneous activity of fetal nervous system during pregnancy was followed longitudinally in a group of 29 normal pregnancies from 28 x th to 40 x th week of gestation by means of fetal behavioural states determination. 1 F state (quiet sleep) progressively increases from median values of 5.0% to values of 22.5-25% at term of pregnancy. This state represents the positive activity of inhibitory centers has been related to a positive evolutionary process of brain maturation according to preceding experiences conducted on experimental models and preterm babies followed with EEG and direct observation in the early neonatal period. The method of behavioural states determination has been applied to a group of 33 gestational diabetes (GDM) pregnant women followed longitudinally, and a clear reduction of development of 1 F state has been evidentiated, with significant differences (p less than 0.001) at 35-36 weeks of gestation versus the control group. The normal values are reached in concomitance with L/S value of maturity. In 30 pregnant women affected by gestational hypertension (GH) different result are obtained: 1 F state seems to develop earlier, and is increased (p less than 0.001) around 30-32 weeks versus the control group if a fetal growth reduction is present. The value of 1 F behavioural state in the evaluation of fetal condition of pathological pregnancies is discussed.
[Research advances in the mechanism of congenital heart disease induced by pregestational diabetes mellitus].; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect at present and has a complex etiology which involves the combined effect of genetic and environmental factors. Pregestational diabetes mellitus is significantly associated with the development of CHD, but the detailed mechanism remains unknown. This article reviews the research advances in the molecular mechanism of CHD caused by pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Altered foetoplacental vascular endothelial signalling to insulin in diabesity.; Obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) are diseases associated with hypertension and metabolic alterations. A significant group of patients present both obesity and T2DM, a condition defined as diabesity. One of the metabolic features in these conditions is the clinical presentation of insulin resistance. Several tissues, including the liver, skeletal muscle, and vasculature, and patients with T2DM, gestational diabetes, and obesity show insulin resistance. The vascular effect of insulin, including vasodilation, is mainly mediated by the generation of nitric oxide. Several mechanisms are proposed to elucidate the origin of insulin resistance; nevertheless, a common finding is the endothelial dysfunction in these diseases. Endothelial cells from subjects with obesity show reduced nitric oxide synthesis, an effect that is unaltered by insulin. Individuals with T2DM show a misbalance between the synthesis, release, and biological actions of vasodilators and vasoconstrictors such as nitric oxide and endothelin-1. However, whether these mechanisms are involved in the vascular alterations seen in patients with diabesity is unclear. In this review, we discussed the modifications on insulin signalling, insulin resistance in obesity and T2DM, and the reported changes in signalling pathways in diabesity.
Multi-ancestry genome-wide association study of gestational diabetes mellitus highlights genetic links with type 2 diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of pregnancy complications and adverse perinatal outcomes. GDM often reoccurs and is associated with increased risk of subsequent diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (T2D). To improve our understanding of the aetiological factors and molecular processes driving the occurrence of GDM, including the extent to which these overlap with T2D pathophysiology, the GENetics of Diabetes In Pregnancy Consortium assembled genome-wide association studies of diverse ancestry in a total of 5485 women with GDM and 347 856 without GDM. Through multi-ancestry meta-analysis, we identified five loci with genome-wide significant association (P < 5 × 10-8) with GDM, mapping to/near MTNR1B (P = 4.3 × 10-54), TCF7L2 (P = 4.0 × 10-16), CDKAL1 (P = 1.6 × 10-14), CDKN2A-CDKN2B (P = 4.1 × 10-9) and HKDC1 (P = 2.9 × 10-8). Multiple lines of evidence pointed to the shared pathophysiology of GDM and T2D: (i) four of the five GDM loci (not HKDC1) have been previously reported at genome-wide significance for T2D; (ii) significant enrichment for associations with GDM at previously reported T2D loci; (iii) strong genetic correlation between GDM and T2D and (iv) enrichment of GDM associations mapping to genomic annotations in diabetes-relevant tissues and transcription factor binding sites. Mendelian randomization analyses demonstrated significant causal association (5% false discovery rate) of higher body mass index on increased GDM risk. Our results provide support for the hypothesis that GDM and T2D are part of the same underlying pathology but that, as exemplified by the HKDC1 locus, there are genetic determinants of GDM that are specific to glucose regulation in pregnancy.
Adverse pregnancy outcome in women with mild glucose intolerance: is there a clinically meaningful threshold value for glucose?; BACKGROUND: The diagnostic criteria of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have been based on the risk of future maternal diabetes rather than the short-term risk of mother and infant. Our aim was to illustrate the relation between various adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal glucose levels in women with mild glucose intolerance using a graphical approach. METHODS: Observational study of 2,885 pregnant women examined with a 2-h, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) based on risk indicators. Only women with 2-h capillary blood glucose <9.0 mmol/l were included, as women with 2-h values > or =9.0 mmol/l were treated for GDM. Empirical frequencies of adverse outcomes were related to 2-h values by linear and quadratic logistic models. Adjustments for well-known confounders were performed by a multiple logistic model. RESULTS: Linear trends were demonstrated for the outcomes: shoulder dystocia, caesarean section rate (univariate analysis only), spontaneous preterm delivery, and macrosomia (large-for-gestational age infants). None of the outcomes deviated significantly from linearity. No significant trend was found for hypertension or neonatal hypoglycaemia and jaundice. CONCLUSIONS: A gradually increasing risk for a number of adverse pregnancy outcomes was found with increasing glucose levels. No obvious threshold value for GDM was demonstrated for 2-h values up to 9.0 mmol/l.
Regional population-based study on pregnancy outcomes in women with diabetes mellitus in Japan.; AIM: We compared pregnancy outcomes in diabetic women with the background population in Miyazaki, Japan. METHODS: In 1998, we started the regional, population-based, peer-review conference to investigate the possible causes of perinatal deaths. For this purpose, at least one obstetrician and one neonatologist congregated from each institution (one tertiary and five secondary perinatal centers). A retrospective, population-based study was conducted in a total of 53 862 deliveries during 1999-2003. Among them, there were 248 perinatal deaths including six deaths in association with diabetes mellitus (DM). The number of diabetic pregnancies was estimated to be 381 during the study period. Perinatal mortality was compared between the diabetic women and background population by chi2-test. RESULTS: The perinatal mortality rate in diabetic women was 15.7 per 1000 deliveries, which was compared with 4.6 per 1000 in the background population (P = 0.003; odds ratio: 3.5; 95% confidence interval: 1.5-7.9). Four of the six perinatal deaths in diabetes were sudden intrauterine demises after 37 weeks' gestation, and the others were neonatal deaths of congenital heart anomaly or extreme prematurity. Most deaths were attributable to either undiagnosed or insufficient perinatal management. CONCLUSIONS: In an unselected population in Japan, diabetic women have 3.5 times the reported risk of perinatal mortality of the general population. Further improvements in the diagnosis and management of DM during pregnancy are required.
A high uterine artery pulsatility index reflects a defective development of placental bed spiral arteries in pregnancies complicated by hypertension and fetal growth retardation.; INTRODUCTION: The development of PIH is associated with a defective trophoblast invasion and conversion of spiral arteries into low-resistance uteroplacental arteries. Hypertension may then be a compensatory response to a defective uteroplacental perfusion. Similar mechanisms may operate in IUGR. AIM: To compare uterine artery Doppler blood flow measurements with placental bed histology. The hypothesis was that placental bed vessel pathology plays a role for a raised flow resistance. MATERIALS AND METHODS: After blood flow measurements, a placental bed biopsy was taken at CS in 26 complicated (study group) and 29 uncomplicated pregnancies (control group). RESULTS: The uterine artery PI was significantly more often abnormally high in the study group compared with the control group, and also in hypertensive pregnancies compared with normotensive IUGR pregnancies. Physiological vessel changes were found in all controls but were absent in 76% of study cases. Physiological changes were significantly more often absent in SGA than in AGA newborns. Absence of physiological changes were significantly more often found in cases with an abnormally high PI. DISCUSSION: The results link together circulatory and structural pathophysiological changes of the uteroplacental unit. A defective physiological conversion of the spiral arteries was associated with an increased uterine flow resistance. CONCLUSION: This study gave further support for the existence of a triad of defective placental bed vessel maturation, increased uteroplacental flow resistance, and hypertension.
[Effect of lipid peroxidation and antioxidant defence system on the development of hemorrhagic complications in neonates of mothers with diabetes mellitus].; 217 postmortem protocols of autopsies have been analyzed to study percentage of hemorrhagic complications. The analyzes allowed to determine frequency and localization hemorrhages happened in children bourn by mothers suffering from diabetes mellitus. The most detected localizations of hemorrhages are follows: ependyma (38.8%), ventricles of brain (30.8%), parenchyma of brain (30.8%) as well as frequently have been observed pleura, epicardium and adrenal glands hemorrhages.
Gestational diabetes in mice induces hematopoietic memory that affects the long-term health of the offspring.; Gestational diabetes is a common medical complication of pregnancy that is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes and an increased risk of metabolic diseases and atherosclerosis in adult offspring. The mechanisms responsible for this delayed pathological transmission remain unknown. In mouse models, we found that the development of atherosclerosis in adult offspring born to diabetic pregnancy can be in part linked to hematopoietic alterations. Although they do not show any gross metabolic disruptions, the adult offspring maintain hematopoietic features associated with diabetes, indicating the acquisition of a lasting diabetic hematopoietic memory. We show that the induction of this hematopoietic memory during gestation relies on the activity of the advanced glycation end product receptor (AGER) and the nucleotide binding and oligomerization domain-like receptor family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome, which lead to increased placental inflammation. In adult offspring, we find that this memory is associated with DNA methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1) upregulation and epigenetic changes in hematopoietic progenitors. Together, our results demonstrate that the hematopoietic system can acquire a lasting memory of gestational diabetes and that this memory constitutes a pathway connecting gestational health to adult pathologies.
[Studies on the relationship between quantitative histometry and obstetric complications].; Quantitative histometry of the placenta seems to make it possible to correlate the histopathological changes with various obstetric complications and disorders more precisely. In the present paper, the relationship between the histopathological changes in the placenta and the obstetric complications was investigated by quantitative histometry based on the standardized categories with uncomplicated normal cases as the controls. Among the obstetric complications, special emphasis has been placed on the pregnancies complicated by toxemia of pregnancy and diabetes mellitus. The obstetric disorders of postmature pregnancy and prolonged delivery have also been related to the quantitative histometry. It was revealed that the cytotrophoblast proliferation associated with the formation of syncytial knots was a very common finding both in toxemia and in these obstetric disorders. However, there was a great difference between the two in that impairment of the vasculature was highly specific in the placentae in the case of toxemia. The most conspicuous histopathological change recognized in the placentae due to diabetes was villous edema, which would be due to the osmotic imbalance. However, it is so unusual to find cases complicated by severe diabetes that typical villous edema is rarely observed. The quantitative approaches in the field of histopathology may leave some problems in that the specimens taken from the organ could not always be representative of the whole organ. However, quantitative histometry based on the fairy standardized categories has been shown to offer more promising information on the relationship between the histopathological changes in the placentae and the obstetric disorders.
Impaired vascular nitric oxide bioactivity in women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Dysfunction of the vascular endothelium, preceding vascular morbidity and type 2 diabetes, is present in women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM). However, it is unknown whether excess weight, insulin resistance, and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA)--an endogenous nitric oxide (NO) synthase inhibitor--also contribute to the vascular changes observed in these patients. The aim of this study was therefore to identify factors other than GDM that impair vascular function. METHODS: Seven overweight and five non-overweight women with previous GDM were included in this study. Vascular function was assessed from forearm blood-flow responses to the endothelium-dependent vasodilator acetylcholine (ACh), the endothelium-independent vasodilator glyceryltrinitrate, the vasoconstrictor norepinephrine and the NO synthase inhibitor N(G)-monomethyl-L-arginine (L-NMMA). ADMA was measured in venous blood, and insulin resistance was estimated from a modified intravenous glucose tolerance test. Twenty healthy male volunteers served as a historical control group. RESULTS: Vasodilation of forearm resistance vessels in response to ACh was impaired in overweight women when compared with non-overweight women (P < 0.05); similarly, vasoconstrictor reactivity tended to be smaller in the overweight group. In addition, there was a significant relationship between vascular responsiveness to ACh and L-NMMA, body-mass index, serum ADMA concentrations and stimulated glucose levels (all P < 0.05). ACh responses and ADMA levels in non-overweight women were similar to those of healthy controls. CONCLUSION: Factors such as obesity, increased ADMA levels and insulin resistance appear to be strong contributors to endothelial dysfunction observed in women with GDM.
Potential benefits of physical activity during pregnancy for the reduction of gestational diabetes prevalence and oxidative stress.; Changes in quality of nutrition, habits, and physical activity in modern societies increase susceptibility to obesity, which can deleteriously affect pregnancy outcome. In particular, a sedentary lifestyle causes dysfunction in blood flow, which impacts the cardiovascular function of pregnant women. The main molecular mechanism responsible for this effect is the synthesis and bioavailability of nitric oxide, a phenomenon regulated by the antioxidant capacity of endothelial cells. These alterations affect the vascular health of the mother and vascular performance of the placenta, the key organ responsible for the healthy development of the fetus. In addition to the increases in systemic vascular resistance in the mother, placental oxidative stress also affects the feto-placental blood flow. These changes can be integrated into the proteomics and metabolomics of newborns.
Ultrasonographic growth and Doppler hemodynamic evaluation of fetuses of obese women.; All fetuses benefit from ultrasonographic estimation of gestational age and evaluation of growth patterns. Monitoring the pregnancies of obese women is perceived as more difficult than monitoring those of nonobese women. The aim of this study was to determine if maternal obesity affects the growth and Doppler resistance indices (RI) of the fetus. Twenty-eight women with a preconception weight > 90.7 kg underwent obstetric ultrasonographic evaluations from the 20th week of gestation. Their ultrasonographic data were compared with those of controls. Ten of the obese women developed gestational diabetes and had lower umbilical artery RIs for a given gestational age (P < .0001) than did those obese women without other medical complications, those with medically controlled pregnancy-induced hypertension or those from the control population. The relation between fetal unit weight and umbilical artery RIs was established. The pattern of RI changes was similar in all groups when estimated fetal weight instead of gestational age was used as the covariant. Fetal growth and Doppler velocimetry can be monitored adequately in obese women. Gestational diabetes significantly influences the pattern of fetal growth and the impedance to flow in the umbilical artery.
Preeclampsia and Future Cardiovascular Health: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a pregnancy-specific disorder resulting in hypertension and multiorgan dysfunction. There is growing evidence that these effects persist after pregnancy. We aimed to systematically evaluate and quantify the evidence on the relationship between preeclampsia and the future risk of cardiovascular diseases. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied the future risk of heart failure, coronary heart disease, composite cardiovascular disease, death because of coronary heart or cardiovascular disease, stroke, and stroke death after preeclampsia. A systematic search of MEDLINE and EMBASE was performed to identify relevant studies. We used random-effects meta-analysis to determine the risk. Twenty-two studies were identified with >6.4 million women including >258 000 women with preeclampsia. Meta-analysis of studies that adjusted for potential confounders demonstrated that preeclampsia was independently associated with an increased risk of future heart failure (risk ratio [RR], 4.19; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.09-8.38), coronary heart disease (RR, 2.50; 95% CI, 1.43-4.37), cardiovascular disease death (RR, 2.21; 95% CI, 1.83-2.66), and stroke (RR, 1.81; 95% CI, 1.29-2.55). Sensitivity analyses showed that preeclampsia continued to be associated with an increased risk of future coronary heart disease, heart failure, and stroke after adjusting for age (RR, 3.89; 95% CI, 1.83-8.26), body mass index (RR, 3.16; 95% CI, 1.41-7.07), and diabetes mellitus (RR, 4.19; 95% CI, 2.09-8.38). CONCLUSIONS: Preeclampsia is associated with a 4-fold increase in future incident heart failure and a 2-fold increased risk in coronary heart disease, stroke, and death because of coronary heart or cardiovascular disease. Our study highlights the importance of lifelong monitoring of cardiovascular risk factors in women with a history of preeclampsia.
Trends in obesity and impact on obstetric outcomes in a regional hospital in Victoria, Australia.; AIMS: Obesity-related complications have been identified across the entire childbearing journey. This study investigated changes in obesity prevalence and their impact on obstetric outcomes in a regional hospital in Victoria, Australia. METHODS: All women delivering during 1 January 2010 and 31 December 2016 were eligible to participate. Trends over time and outcomes were assessed on body mass indices (BMI). Incidences of complications were compared by BMI categories. The effect of obesity on hospital length of stay (LoS) was further assessed using the Generalised Estimating Equations approach. RESULTS: During the study period a total of 6661 women of whom 27.5% were overweight, and 16.1, 7.7, and 5.5% were respectively obese class I, class II, and class III, contributed to 8838 births. An increased trend over time in the prevalence of obesity (BMI > 35.0) (P = 0.041) and a decreased trend for vaginal deliveries for the whole sample (P = 0.003) were found. Multiple adverse outcomes were associated with increasing maternal BMI including increased risk of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, emergency caesarean section, shoulder dystocia, macrosomia, and admission to special care. The multivariable analysis showed no associations between LoS and BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Over a short period of seven years, this study provides evidence of a significant trend toward more obesity and fewer vaginal births in a non-urban childbearing population, with increasing trends of poorer health outcomes. Assessing needs and risk factors tailored to this population is crucial to ensuring a model of care that safeguards a sustainable and effective regional maternity health service.
Prepregnancy Fitness and Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Longitudinal Analysis.; PURPOSE: This study aimed to assess the associations of prepregnancy cardiorespiratory fitness, moderate- to vigorous-intensity physical activity (MVPA), and time spent watching television with subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Participants were 1333 women enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study who did not have diabetes either at baseline (1985-86) or before births occurring after baseline. Baseline fitness was estimated using a graded symptom-limited maximal exercise treadmill test and expressed in MET units. Baseline MVPA (exercise units per day) was measured using the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults physical activity history questionnaire, and television viewing (h·d) was assessed by self-report in 1990-1991. Logistic regression analysis was used to derive odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for time from baseline to delivery and baseline study center, age, race, education, parity, family history of diabetes, smoking, alcohol, saturated fat intake, waist circumference, homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, and HDL cholesterol. RESULTS: Over 25 yr of follow-up, 164 women developed GDM. The odds of developing GDM were 21% lower for each 1 SD increment in baseline level of fitness (2.3 METs, odds ratio = 0.79, 95% confidence interval = 0.65-0.96). Prepregnancy MVPA and television viewing were not statistically associated with the development of GDM. CONCLUSION: Study findings indicate that objectively assessed prepregnancy fitness, but not self-reported MVPA or television time, is associated with GDM. Clinicians should counsel women on the benefits of improving fitness in the preconception period, particularly among women at greater risk for GDM.
2,3-diphosphoglycerate in normal and pathologic pregnancy: relationship to neonatal weight.; 2,3-Diphosphoglycerate levels were assayed in 154 pregnant women in third trimester (61 normal, 52 diabetic, 19 with gestational hypertension, 7 with fetal macrosomia, and 15 with idiopathic fetal underdevelopment). A correlation was found between 2,3-diphosphoglycerate levels and birth weight (absolute and relative birth weight or birth weight expressed as percentile), which was negative in normal patients evaluated in the last 7 days before delivery (r = 0.38; p = 0.04) and positive in diabetic patients (evaluated in the third trimester and in the last 7 days before delivery) and in patients with gestational hypertension (evaluated in the third trimester) (r and p values differ according to whether birth weight is expressed as absolute, relative, or a percentile). No correlation was found between 2,3-diphosphoglycerate levels and birth weight in patients with neonatal underdevelopment or macrosomia of unknown origin. On the basis of these results we hypothesize that in some conditions the fetus can influence maternal 2,3-diphosphoglycerate levels and hence its own oxygen supply and growth in utero.
Maternal and fetal health outcomes in systemic lupus erythematosus pregnancies in the Emirati population: A comparative study.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate adverse pregnancy outcomes in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), compare their maternal and fetal outcomes with those of age-matched pregnant women without SLE, and identify factors linked to increased risks of adverse outcomes. METHODS: Medical records from Tawam Hospital were reviewed retrospectively to identify patients with SLE and a history of pregnancy. Demographics, clinical variables, and maternal and fetal outcomes were obtained. A one-to-one age-matched healthy control group was randomly selected. The outcomes and odd ratios of women with and without SLE were compared, and factors associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes were examined. RESULTS: The outcomes of 78 SLE pregnancies in 39 women were analyzed. Adverse maternal outcomes, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), occurred in 32% of pregnancies, whereas adverse fetal outcomes, such as low-birth weight and preterm deliveries, occurred in 51% of pregnancies. Pregnant women with SLE had a 5-fold higher risk of GDM, had higher odds of maternal hypertension, and were more likely to deliver through cesarean section than those without SLE. Preterm deliveries and low-birth weight were also more common in SLE pregnancies. Steroid use during pregnancy was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM development. Lupus nephritis, maternal hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and GDM were linked to preterm deliveries. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women with SLE were at a higher risk for adverse maternal and fetal outcomes than age-matched pregnant women without SLE. These findings can guide clinical management and emphasize the need for close monitoring of SLE pregnancies.
Chromium in the prevention and control of diabetes.; Chromium is an essential nutrient involved in the metabolism of glucose, insulin and blood lipids. Suboptimal dietary intake of chromium is associated with increased risk factors associated with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Within the past five years, chromium has been shown to improve glucose and related variables in subjects with glucose intolerance and type 1, type 2, gestational and steroid-induced diabetes. Severe neuropathy and glucose intolerance of a patient on total parenteral nutrition, who was receiving currently recommended levels of chromium, were reversed by additional supplemental chromium. Chromium increases insulin binding to cells, insulin receptor number and activates insulin receptor kinase leading to increased insulin sensitivity. Additional studies are urgently needed to elucidate the mechanism of action of chromium and its role in the prevention and control of diabetes.
Caesarean section in a diabetic patient with a recent myocardial infarction.; This is a report of a 38-yr-old parturient with multiple medical problems including diabetes mellitus, bronchial asthma, chronic myelogenous leukaemia, pre-eclampsia and a recent myocardial infarction. After medical management in the coronary care unit, it was decided to proceed with a Caesarean section. The choice of anaesthetic was made by the patient and had to be modified in accordance with her medical condition. Cardiovascular monitoring included PA catheterisation and transoesophageal echocardiography. A general anaesthetic was performed using fentanyl, thiopentone and succinylcholine. The outcome was satisfactory for both parturient and baby.
A random single Doppler study of the umbilical artery in the evaluation of pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; To evaluate a random single Doppler study of the systolic to diastolic ratio of the umbilical artery as a predictor of perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies, a prospective double-blind study was performed in 92 diabetic pregnant women between 28 and 40 weeks of gestation. Main outcome measures were perinatal outcome: group A, normal outcome; group B, poor outcome. The sensitivity and specificity of the Doppler studies as a predictor of poor perinatal outcome were 39% and 92%, respectively. The positive and negative predictive values were 54% and 86%, respectively. Our results suggest that the systolic to diastolic ratio of the umbilical artery offers no advantage over other well-established tests in the management of diabetic pregnancies.
The insulin-like growth factor system and Type 1 diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To find out whether the levels of insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), IGF binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1), highly phosphorylated IGFBP-1 (hpIGFBP-1), and IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) are related to the progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) during pregnancy and postpartum. METHODS: In a prospective study of 42 pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes and 9 nondiabetic controls, DR was graded from fundus photographs. Levels of serum total IGF-I and two different phosphoisoform patterns of IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-3 were measured during the first and third trimester of pregnancy and 3 months postpartum. RESULTS: Both the levels of serum total IGF-I (P<.0001) and IGFBP-3 (P=.003) were lower in the diabetic than in the nondiabetic women during pregnancy and postpartum (repeated-measures ANOVA between the groups). Additionally, the IGF-I and IGFBP-3 levels tended to be lower in the diabetic women with more severe DR at baseline than in those with less severe DR. There were no statistically significant differences in the levels of IGF-I and IGFBP-3 in the diabetic women with progression of DR compared with those without. No statistical differences appeared in the IGFBP-1 phosphoisoform patterns between the groups. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In diabetic women, mean serum levels of IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 are lower than in nondiabetic controls during pregnancy and/or postpartum. Because there was no clear connection between the IGF system and progression of DR during pregnancy, it is unlikely that these substances mediate the tendency of DR to progress during pregnancy.
In utero exposure to extra vitamin D from food fortification and the risk of subsequent development of gestational diabetes: the D-tect study.; BACKGROUND: The primary aim of this study was to assess whether exposure during fetal life to extra vitamin D from food fortification was associated with a reduction in the risk of subsequently developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Furthermore, we examined whether the effect of the vitamin D from fortification differed by women's season of birth. METHODS: This semi-ecological study is based on the cancellation in 1985 of the mandatory policy to fortify margarine with vitamin D in Denmark, with inclusion of entire national adjacent birth cohorts either exposed or unexposed to extra vitamin D in utero. The identification of GDM cases later in life among both exposure groups was based on the Danish national health registers. Logistic regression analyses generating odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were performed. RESULTS: Women who were prenatally exposed to the extra vitamin D from fortification tended to have a lower risk of subsequently developing GDM than unexposed women (OR 0.87, 95%CI 0.74,1.02, P = 0.08). When analyses were stratified by women's season of birth, exposed women born in spring had a lower risk of developing GDM compared to unexposed subjects (OR 0.68, 95%CI 0.50,0.94, p = 0.02). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that prenatal exposure to extra vitamin D from mandatory fortification may lower the risk of developing gestational diabetes among spring-born women. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study is part of the D-tect project, which is registered on clinicaltrials.gov: NCT03330301 .
Prognosis after maternal placental events and revascularization: PAMPER study.; BACKGROUND: Middle-aged women are at higher risk than men of death after coronary artery revascularization. Maternal placental syndromes (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, placental abruption, and placental infarction) are associated with premature coronary artery disease, but their influence on survival after coronary artery revascularization is unknown. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether a history of maternal placental syndromes alters the risk of death after coronary artery revascularization in middle-aged women. STUDY DESIGN: We completed a population-based retrospective cohort study among all hospitals in Ontario, Canada, where universal health care includes all aspects of antenatal and delivery care as well as all outpatient and inpatient health care, which includes coronary revascularization. We included 1985 middle-aged women who underwent a first percutaneous coronary intervention or coronary artery bypass grafting between 1993 and 2012 and who had ≥1 previous delivery. We excluded those with cardiovascular disease ≤1 year before or coronary revascularization ≤90 days after any delivery. The main study outcome, determined a priori, was all-cause death. Hazard ratios were adjusted for age, socioeconomic status, parity, revascularization type, time since last delivery, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, obesity, dyslipidemia, tobacco or drug dependence, and kidney disease. RESULTS: Three hundred sixty-two of 1985 women (18.2%) who underwent coronary artery revascularization had a previous maternal placental syndrome event. The mean age at index coronary revascularization was 45 years; percutaneous coronary intervention comprised approximately 80% of procedures. After a mean follow-up time of approximately 5 years, 41 deaths (2.2 per 100 person-years) occurred in women with previous maternal placental syndromes and 83 deaths (1.1 per 100 person-years) in women without maternal placental syndrome (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.96; 95% confidence interval, 1.29-2.99). Of the maternal placental syndrome subtypes, the risk of death was significant in women with placental abruption (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.31-5.96), placental infarction (adjusted hazard ratio, 3.09; 95% confidence interval, 1.23-7.74), and preeclampsia (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.61; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-2.58). Women with maternal placental syndrome in ≥2 pregnancies had the highest adjusted hazard ratio of death (4.31; 95% confidence interval, 1.71-10.89). CONCLUSION: In middle-aged women who undergo coronary revascularization, previous maternal placental syndrome doubles the risk of death; recurrent maternal placental syndrome quadruples that risk. Some covariates and secondary measures may not have been well-captured and classified herein, leading to residual confounding.
The genetic polymorphism in the STK11 does not affect gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity that develops during pregnancy. Recent studies indicate that GDM onset is rapid, and that women with GDM will develop other metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in their future. Serine/threonine kinase 11 (STK11) is engaged in the insulin signaling pathway and encoded protein is an important activator of adenosine monophosphate activated protein kinase. Based on the previously reported association between the STK11 gene and diabetes, we aimed to investigate whether the rs8111699 polymorphism in STK11 has any role in gestation diabetes in Saudi women. In this case-control study, we recruited pregnant Saudi women based on biochemical analysis of their blood samples. Genomic DNA was obtained from confirmed subjects (200 GDM cases and 300 non-GDM). PCR-RFLP analysis was performed to detect the C528G polymorphism in the STK11 gene. The anthropometric and clinical data were similar between the GDM and non-GDM subjects (p > 0.05), whereas the biochemical analysis was significantly different between the cases and controls (p < 0.05). The genotype and allele frequencies between of the STK11 gene were not statistically significant difference between the GDM and non-GDM groups (OR=0.82; 95% CI:=0.6-1.0; p=0.12). Our study suggests that the rs8111699 polymorphism has no role in the development of GDM in pregnant Saudi women.
The use of the oxytocin challenge test for antepartum clinical evaluation of uteroplacental respiratory function.; Over the last 4 years at Los Angeles County-University of Southern California Medical Center, Women's Hospital, clinical interest in antepartum fetal monitoring has increased considerably. As a result of approximately 1,500 tests in some 600 patients at high risk for placental insufficiency, we have reached several conclusions regarding the methods for antepartum fetal monitoring, criteria for interpretation of the results obtained, and the role of antepartum monitoring information in clinical management. In this paper, the results of "stress" monitoring (monitoring in the presence of uterine contractions) are presented. The term "oxytocin challenge test" is used in reference to "stressed" monitoring even though sometimes the contractions were spontaneous, or without oxytocin stimulation.
Pregnancy As a Predictor of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: The Era of CardioObstetrics.; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in women accounting for one in three deaths. There remains an under recognition of CVD as well as a lack of awareness of risk in women. Promotion of CVD prevention is essential, but the current risk assessment tools do not incorporate any sex-specific cardiovascular risk factors. There is increasing recognition of sex-specific risk factors that appear during pregnancy that are associated with CVD. These adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) include preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, miscarriage, and high parity number. Although the underlying biological mechanism for these association remains to be elucidated, current international guidelines are beginning to recommend the inclusion of APOs in the assessment of CVD risk in women. This review summarizes the evidence for the association between APOs and future CVD. It also highlights the importance of considering APOs in the cardiovascular risk assessment, specifically in young women, allowing for targeted lifestyle-modifying interventions with the potential to alter their risk trajectory and improve their long-term cardiovascular health.
Maternal obesity as a perinatal risk factor.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to estimate the effect of maternal obesity on pregnancy course, delivery and newborn well-being. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Data about women who delivered in PMMH was analyzed and obese pregnant women (pre-pregnancy BMI > or =30) were included in the study group; the rest of the mothers constituted the control group. The pregnancy course, labor and delivery, and newborn well-being were taken into consideration. RESULTS: 4648 women were found in our delivery database, among them 208 (4.48%) were classified as obese. In this group, pregnancy-associated hypertension was common, either non-proteinuric one (8.65% vs 2.39%, p=0.001) or preeclampsia (4.81% vs 1.58 %, p<0.05). There were also more cases of gestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin therapy (9.62% vs 1.48%, p<0.001) and polyhydramniosis (4.81% vs 2.11%, p<0.05) than in case of controls. The mean gestational age at delivery and newborn general health (estimated by Apgar score, mean umbilical cord pH and the incidence of cases with pH < or =7.10) were similar in both groups. The mean birthweight (3266 g vs 3100 g, p<0.05) and the incidence of macrosomia (20.19% vs 5.69%, p<0.001) were significantly higher in the study group. The delivery mode was comparable in both groups, with the marked tendency towards higher incidence of elective cesarean sections in case of obese mothers (27.88% vs 19.90%, p=0.01). CONCLUSION: Maternal obesity is a significant perinatal risk factor; with pregnancy-associated hypertension and gestational diabetes requiring insulin therapy in obese mothers and macrosomia in newborns as most common complications.
Folate and vitamin B12 status: associations with maternal glucose and neonatal DNA methylation sites related to dysglycaemia, in pregnant women with obesity.; Recent studies implicate maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in differential methylation of infant DNA. Folate and vitamin B12 play a role in DNA methylation, and these vitamins may also influence GDM risk. The aims of this study were to determine folate and vitamin B12 status in obese pregnant women and investigate associations between folate and vitamin B12 status, maternal dysglycaemia and neonatal DNA methylation at cytosine-phosphate-guanine sites previously observed to be associated with dysglycaemia. Obese pregnant women who participated in the UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial were included. Serum folate and vitamin B12 were measured at the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) visit. Cord blood DNA methylation was assessed using the Infinium MethylationEPIC BeadChip. Regression models with adjustment for confounders were used to examine associations. Of the 951 women included, 356 (37.4%) were vitamin B12 deficient, and 44 (4.6%) were folate deficient. Two-hundred and seventy-one women (28%) developed GDM. Folate and vitamin B12 concentrations were not associated with neonatal DNA methylation. Higher folate was positively associated with 1-h plasma glucose after OGTT (β = 0.031, 95% CI 0.001-0.061, p = 0.045). There was no relationship between vitamin B12 and glucose concentrations post OGTT or between folate or vitamin B12 and GDM. In summary, we found no evidence to link folate and vitamin B12 status with the differential methylation of neonatal DNA previously observed in association with dysglycaemia. We add to the evidence that folate status may be related to maternal glucose homoeostasis although replication in other maternal cohorts is required for validation.
Elevated D-glucose induces insulin insensitivity in human umbilical endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetic pregnancies.; 1. The effects of human insulin and elevated D-glucose on L-arginine transport and synthesis of nitric oxide (NO) and prostacyclin (PGI2) have been investigated in human umbilical vein endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetic pregnancies. 2. The increase in the Vmax for L-arginine transport (9.0 +/- 1.1) pmol (micrograms protein)-1 min-1) in diabetic endothelial cells cultured in 5 mM D-glucose was unaffected following 24 h exposure to 25 mM D-glucose. 3. Gestational diabetes-induced increases in basal intracellular cGMP and L-citrulline levels (inhibitable by L-NAME) and [Ca2+], were unaffected by elevated D-glucose. In contrast, PGI2 release was inhibited in diabetic cells exposed to either 5 or 25 mM D-glucose. 4. Elevated D-glucose attenuated histamine (10 microM, 5 min)-stimulated accumulation of cGMP and L-citrulline in endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetic pregnancies. 5. The membrane hyperpolarization (-79 +/- 0.9 mV) sustained in diabetic endothelial cells in culture was insensitive to elevated D-glucose. 6. Elevated D-glucose abolished the stimulatory effect of human insulin (1 nM, 8 h) on L-[3H]leucine incorporation in diabetic endothelial cells cultured in 5 mM D-glucose. 7. Human insulin reduced the elevated rates of L-arginine transport and cGMP accumulation in diabetic cells cultured in 5 mM D-glucose but failed to reduce increased rates of transport or NO production in cells exposed to 25 mM D-glucose or cycloheximide. 8. Our findings demonstrate that hyperglycaemia impairs the actions of human insulin on umbilical vein endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetic pregnancies. Changes in insulin sensitivity and/or its signalling cascade may be affected by hyperglycaemia associated with gestational diabetes, resulting in insulin resistance in endothelial cells derived from the fetal vasculature.
Development and validation of QDiabetes-2018 risk prediction algorithm to estimate future risk of type 2 diabetes: cohort study.; Objectives To derive and validate updated QDiabetes-2018 prediction algorithms to estimate the 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women, taking account of potential new risk factors, and to compare their performance with current approaches.Design Prospective open cohort study.Setting Routinely collected data from 1457 general practices in England contributing to the QResearch database: 1094 were used to develop the scores and a separate set of 363 were used to validate the scores.Participants 11.5 million people aged 25-84 and free of diabetes at baseline: 8.87 million in the derivation cohort and 2.63 million in the validation cohort.Methods Cox proportional hazards models were used in the derivation cohort to derive separate risk equations in men and women for evaluation at 10 years. Risk factors considered included those already in QDiabetes (age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids) and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Additional models included fasting blood glucose and glycated haemoglobin (HBA1c). Measures of calibration and discrimination were determined in the validation cohort for men and women separately and for individual subgroups by age group, ethnicity, and baseline disease status.Main outcome measure Incident type 2 diabetes recorded on the general practice record.Results In the derivation cohort, 178 314 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified during follow-up arising from 42.72 million person years of observation. In the validation cohort, 62 326 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified from 14.32 million person years of observation. All new risk factors considered met our model inclusion criteria. Model A included age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids, and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, and gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome in women. Model B included the same variables as model A plus fasting blood glucose. Model C included HBA1c instead of fasting blood glucose. All three models had good calibration and high levels of explained variation and discrimination. In women, model B explained 63.3% of the variation in time to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (R(2)), the D statistic was 2.69 and the Harrell's C statistic value was 0.89. The corresponding values for men were 58.4%, 2.42, and 0.87. Model B also had the highest sensitivity compared with current recommended practice in the National Health Service based on bands of either fasting blood glucose or HBA1c. However, only 16% of patients had complete data for blood glucose measurements, smoking, and body mass index.Conclusions Three updated QDiabetes risk models to quantify the absolute risk of type 2 diabetes were developed and validated: model A does not require a blood test and can be used to identify patients for fasting blood glucose (model B) or HBA1c (model C) testing. Model B had the best performance for predicting 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes to identify those who need interventions and more intensive follow-up, improving on current approaches. Additional external validation of models B and C in datasets with more completely collected data on blood glucose would be valuable before the models are used in clinical practice.
Mothers after Gestational Diabetes in Australia (MAGDA): A Randomised Controlled Trial of a Postnatal Diabetes Prevention Program.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasingly prevalent risk factor for type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group-based lifestyle modification program in mothers with prior GDM within their first postnatal year. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In this study, 573 women were randomised to either the intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). At baseline, 10% had impaired glucose tolerance and 2% impaired fasting glucose. The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Primary outcomes were changes in diabetes risk factors (weight, waist circumference, and fasting blood glucose), and secondary outcomes included achievement of lifestyle modification goals and changes in depression score and cardiovascular disease risk factors. The mean changes (intention-to-treat [ITT] analysis) over 12 mo were as follows: -0.23 kg body weight in intervention group (95% CI -0.89, 0.43) compared with +0.72 kg in usual care group (95% CI 0.09, 1.35) (change difference -0.95 kg, 95% CI -1.87, -0.04; group by treatment interaction p = 0.04); -2.24 cm waist measurement in intervention group (95% CI -3.01, -1.42) compared with -1.74 cm in usual care group (95% CI -2.52, -0.96) (change difference -0.50 cm, 95% CI -1.63, 0.63; group by treatment interaction p = 0.389); and +0.18 mmol/l fasting blood glucose in intervention group (95% CI 0.11, 0.24) compared with +0.22 mmol/l in usual care group (95% CI 0.16, 0.29) (change difference -0.05 mmol/l, 95% CI -0.14, 0.05; group by treatment interaction p = 0.331). Only 10% of women attended all sessions, 53% attended one individual and at least one group session, and 34% attended no sessions. Loss to follow-up was 27% and 21% for the intervention and control groups, respectively, primarily due to subsequent pregnancies. Study limitations include low exposure to the full intervention and glucose metabolism profiles being near normal at baseline. CONCLUSIONS: Although a 1-kg weight difference has the potential to be significant for reducing diabetes risk, the level of engagement during the first postnatal year was low. Further research is needed to improve engagement, including participant involvement in study design; it is potentially more effective to implement annual diabetes screening until women develop prediabetes before offering an intervention. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000338066.
Summary of Updated Recommendations for Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women: JACC State-of-the-Art Review.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality for women in the United States and worldwide. There has been no American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association guideline update specifically for the prevention of CVD in women since 2011. Since then, the body of sex-specific data has grown, in addition to updated hypertension, cholesterol, diabetes, atrial fibrillation, and primary prevention guidelines. The ACC CVD in Women Committee undertook a review of the recent guidelines and major studies to summarize recommendations pertinent to women. In this update, the authors address special topics, particularly the risk factors and treatments that have led to some controversies and confusion. Specifically, sex-related risk factors, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, anticoagulation for atrial fibrillation, use of aspirin, perimenopausal hormone therapy, and psychosocial issues are highlighted.
The epithelial and capillary basal laminae of the placenta in maternal diabetes mellitus.; The thickness of the epithelial and endothelial basal laminae was determined in placentas from mothers without known metabolic disease (control) and mothers with diabetes mellitus. The measurements were carried out on electron micrographs. Frequency distributions and statistical parameters were calculated; in 20 cases, 16,331 values were measured. In all cases, the epithelial and endothelial basal laminae were thickest in edematous and fibrotic villi. They were thinner in placentas from diabetic mothers than in controls. Particularly thin basal laminae were found in regions with syncytiovascular membrances. The thinner basal laminae found in the placentas of diabetic mothers are considered to be the result of compensatory growth processes with formation of ontogenetically younger villous parts. The thicker basal laminae in fibrotic and edematous villi may result from a swelling of the basal laminae or possibly from an increased synthesis or a decreased decomposition of the basal laminae. The finding of very thin basal laminae in the region of the so-called syncytiovascular membranes may be of importance for the placental exchange function.
Diminished substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial respiration and elevated autophagy in adult male offspring of gestational diabetic rats.; Heart diseases are common in the offspring of diabetic mother (ODM). Defects in mitochondrial metabolism and autophagy may, in part, be responsible for the adverse structural and functional alterations in the heart. The principal objective of this study was to investigate cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in male and female offspring of diabetic pregnancy at two different developmental stages of life, weaning and adult. Male and female offspring of rats with streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes were used for the study and compared with offspring of control (non-diabetic) mother (OCM) rats. High-resolution respirometry was used to measure substrate-mediated respiration in mitochondria isolated from ventricular tissues of ODM and OCM. Expression of proteins associated with autophagy and oxidative stress was examined by western blot analysis. Mitochondrial complex I and complex II respiration was significantly reduced in adult male ODM while it was unaltered or less affected in weaning male, adult and weaning female ODM. Elevated autophagy was observed in adult male but not in adult female ODM. Expression of oxidative stress markers was observed to be similar in all the groups. Altered cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy were observed in adult male ODM compared to OCM, while the male and female offspring at weaning stage were less affected. The results of the study show that maternal hyperglycemia affects mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in the ODM heart, which may potentially be responsible for the cardiovascular complications observed in adult life.
The Impact of Maternal Plant-Based Diet on Obstetric and Neonatal Outcomes-A Cross-Sectional Study.; BACKGROUND: In the last decades, plant-based diets have gained popularity. Pregnancy is not a contraindication to follow a meat-free diet. This study aimed to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes between women who followed a plant-based diet with those on an omnivore diet. Our second purpose was to investigate the association between physical activity level in combination with diet type and the occurrence of GDM and gestational hypertension. METHODS: A questionnaire was distributed electronically via social media. The survey was conducted on a population of Polish women. RESULTS: The final research group included 1015 women. The results showed that a maternal plant-based diet 6 months before pregnancy and during pregnancy does not change the incidence of GDM, anemia, and gestational hypertension. Moreover, no association was found between a diet type before conception and a delivery method or newborn birth weight. Among women who followed an omnivore diet, the risk of GDM was lower in a group with adequate physical activity during 6 months before conception (p = 0.0166). However, the combination of a plant-based diet with adequate activity during the preconception period did not influence GDM incidence. CONCLUSIONS: Our study indicates that a plant-based diet during the preconception period is not worse than an omnivore diet.
Different types of dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Dietary advice is the main strategy for managing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It remains unclear what type of advice is best. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM for improving health outcomes for women and babies. SEARCH METHODS: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (8 March 2016), PSANZ's Trials Registry (22 March 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials comparing the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two authors independently assessed study eligibility, risk of bias, and extracted data. Evidence quality for two comparisons was assessed using GRADE, for primary outcomes for the mother: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; caesarean section; type 2 diabetes mellitus; and child: large-for-gestational age; perinatal mortality; neonatal mortality or morbidity composite; neurosensory disability; secondary outcomes for the mother: induction of labour; perineal trauma; postnatal depression; postnatal weight retention or return to pre-pregnancy weight; and child: hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood adiposity; childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes mellitus. MAIN RESULTS: In this update, we included 19 trials randomising 1398 women with GDM, at an overall unclear to moderate risk of bias (10 comparisons). For outcomes assessed using GRADE, downgrading was based on study limitations, imprecision and inconsistency. Where no findings are reported below for primary outcomes or pre-specified GRADE outcomes, no data were provided by included trials. Primary outcomes Low-moderate glycaemic index (GI) versus moderate-high GI diet (four trials): no clear differences observed for: large-for-gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.71, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.22 to 2.34; two trials, 89 infants; low-quality evidence); severe hypertension or pre-eclampsia (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.86; one trial, 95 women; very low-quality evidence); eclampsia (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.01 to 8.14; one trial, 83 women; very low-quality evidence) or caesarean section (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.29 to 1.47; one trial, 63 women; low-quality evidence). Energy-restricted versus no energy-restricted diet (three trials): no clear differences seen for: large-for-gestational age (RR 1.17, 95% CI 0.65 to 2.12; one trial, 123 infants; low-quality evidence); perinatal mortality (no events; two trials, 423 infants; low-quality evidence); pre-eclampsia (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.51 to 1.97; one trial, 117 women; low-quality evidence); or caesarean section (RR 1.12, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.56; two trials, 420 women; low-quality evidence). DASH (Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension) diet versus control diet (three trials): no clear differences observed for: pre-eclampsia (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.31 to 3.26; three trials, 136 women); however there were fewer caesarean sections in the DASH diet group (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.76; two trials, 86 women). Low-carbohydrate versus high-carbohydrate diet (two trials): no clear differences seen for: large-for-gestational age (RR 0.51, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.95; one trial, 149 infants); perinatal mortality (RR 3.00, 95% CI 0.12 to 72.49; one trial, 150 infants); maternal hypertension (RR 0.40, 95% CI 0.13 to 1.22; one trial, 150 women); or caesarean section (RR 1.29, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.99; two trials, 179 women). High unsaturated fat versus low unsaturated fat diet (two trials): no clear differences observed for: large-for-gestational age (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.21 to 1.37; one trial, 27 infants); pre-eclampsia (no cases; one trial, 27 women); hypertension in pregnancy (RR 0.54, 95% CI 0.06 to 5.26; one trial, 27 women); caesarean section (RR 1.08, 95% CI 0.07 to 15.50; one trial, 27 women); diabetes at one to two weeks (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.45 to 8.94; one trial, 24 women) or four to 13 months postpartum (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.10 to 9.61; one trial, six women). Low-GI versus high-fibre moderate-GI diet (one trial): no clear differences seen for: large-for-gestational age (RR 2.87, 95% CI 0.61 to 13.50; 92 infants); caesarean section (RR 1.91, 95% CI 0.91 to 4.03; 92 women); or type 2 diabetes at three months postpartum (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.11 to 5.01; 58 women). Diet recommendation plus diet-related behavioural advice versus diet recommendation only (one trial): no clear differences observed for: large-for-gestational age (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.25 to 2.14; 99 infants); or caesarean section (RR 0.78, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.62; 99 women). Soy protein-enriched versus no soy protein diet (one trial): no clear differences seen for: pre-eclampsia (RR 2.00, 95% CI 0.19 to 21.03; 68 women); or caesarean section (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.77; 68 women). High-fibre versus standard-fibre diet (one trial): no primary outcomes reported. Ethnic-specific versus standard healthy diet (one trial): no clear differences observed for: large-for-gestational age (RR 0.14, 95% CI 0.01 to 2.45; 20 infants); neonatal composite adverse outcome (no events; 20 infants); gestational hypertension (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.02 to 7.32; 20 women); or caesarean birth (RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.54 to 2.67; 20 women). Secondary outcomes For secondary outcomes assessed using GRADE no differences were observed: between a low-moderate and moderate-high GI diet for induction of labour (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.33 to 2.34; one trial, 63 women; low-quality evidence); or an energy-restricted and no energy-restricted diet for induction of labour (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.53; one trial, 114 women, low-quality evidence) and neonatal hypoglycaemia (average RR 1.06, 95% CI 0.48 to 2.32; two trials, 408 infants; very low-quality evidence).Few other clear differences were observed for reported outcomes. Longer-term health outcomes and health services use and costs were largely not reported. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Evidence from 19 trials assessing different types of dietary advice for women with GDM suggests no clear differences for primary outcomes and secondary outcomes assessed using GRADE, except for a possible reduction in caesarean section for women receiving a DASH diet compared with a control diet. Few differences were observed for secondary outcomes.Current evidence is limited by the small number of trials in each comparison, small sample sizes, and variable methodological quality. More evidence is needed to assess the effects of different types of dietary advice for women with GDM. Future trials should be adequately powered to evaluate short- and long-term outcomes.
Role of first-trimester umbilical vein blood flow in predicting large-for-gestational age at birth.; OBJECTIVES: To describe umbilical vein (UV) hemodynamics at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks of gestation in pregnancies delivering a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonate, and to build a multiparametric model, including pregnancy and ultrasound characteristics in the first trimester, that is able to predict LGA at birth. METHODS: This was a matched case-control study, of singleton pregnancies that underwent ultrasound examination at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks for aneuploidy screening, at a single center over a 4-year period. Cases were women who delivered a neonate with birth weight (BW) > 90(th) centile for gestational age and sex, according to local birth-weight standards, while controls were those who delivered a neonate with BW ranging between the 10(th) and 90(th) centiles, matched for maternal and gestational age, at a ratio of 1:3. Each included case underwent Doppler assessment of the uterine arteries and UV, including measurement of its diameter, time-averaged maximum velocity (TAMXV) and UV blood flow (UVBF). UVBF and its components were expressed as Z-scores. Fisher's exact test and Mann-Whitney U-test were used to compare differences in maternal biomarkers and ultrasound characteristics between pregnancies complicated by LGA and controls. Logistic regression and receiver-operating-characteristics (ROC) curve analyses were carried out to identify independent predictors of LGA and to build a multiparametric prediction model integrating different maternal, pregnancy and ultrasound characteristics. Subgroup analysis was also performed, considering women who delivered a neonate with BW > 4000 g. RESULTS: In total, 964 pregnancies (241 with LGA at birth and 723 without) were included in the study. In LGA pregnancies compared with controls, UV-TAMXV Z-score (0.8 (interquartile range (IQR), 0.4-1.5) vs 0.0 (IQR, -0.3 to 0.5); P ≤ 0.001) and UVBF Z-score (1.3 (IQR, 0.8-1.9) vs 0.1 (IQR, -0.4 to 0.4); P ≤ 0.001) were higher, while there was no difference in median UV diameter Z-score (P = 0.56). Median uterine artery pulsatility index multiples of the median (MoM; 0.94 (IQR, 0.78-1.12) vs 1.02 (IQR, 0.84-1.19); P = 0.04) was significantly lower in LGA pregnancies. On multivariate logistic regression analysis, maternal body mass index (BMI; adjusted odds ratio (aOR), 1.2 (95% CI, 1.1-1.7); P < 0.001), parity (aOR, 1.4 (95% CI, 1.2-1.6); P < 0.001), pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) MoM (aOR, 1.1 (95% CI, 1.0-1.6); P = 0.04) and UVBF Z-score (aOR, 1.6 (95% CI, 1.1-1.9); P < 0.001) were associated independently with LGA. A multiparametric model integrating parity, BMI and PAPP-A MoM provided an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.72 (95% CI, 0.67-0.76) for the prediction of LGA. The addition of UVBF Z-score to this model significantly improved the prediction of LGA provided by maternal and biochemical factors, with an AUC of 0.79 (95% CI, 0.75-0.83; P = 0.03). Similarly, the model incorporating UVBF Z-score predicted BW > 4000 g with an AUC of 0.83 (95% CI, 0.75-0.93). CONCLUSIONS: UVBF measured at the time of the 11-14-week scan is associated independently with, and is predictive of, LGA and BW > 4000 g. Adding measurement of UVBF to a multiparametric model that includes maternal (parity and BMI) and biochemical (PAPP-A) parameters improves the diagnostic accuracy of prenatal screening for LGA at birth. Copyright © 2019 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Placental triglyceride accumulation in maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with increased lipase gene expression.; Maternal diabetes can cause fetal macrosomia and increased risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in adulthood of the offspring. Although increased transplacental lipid transport could be involved, the impact of maternal type 1 diabetes on molecular mechanisms for lipid transport in placenta is largely unknown. To examine whether maternal type 1 diabetes affects placental lipid metabolism, we measured lipids and mRNA expression of lipase-encoding genes in placentas from women with type 1 diabetes (n = 27) and a control group (n = 21). The placental triglyceride (TG) concentration and mRNA expression of endothelial lipase (EL) and hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) were increased in placentas from women with diabetes. The differences were more pronounced in women with diabetes and suboptimal metabolic control than in women with diabetes and good metabolic control. Placental mRNA expression of lipoprotein lipase and lysosomal lipase were similar in women with diabetes and the control group. Immunohistochemistry showed EL protein in syncytiotrophoblasts facing the maternal blood and endothelial cells facing the fetal blood in placentas from both normal women and women with diabetes. These results suggest that maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with TG accumulation and increased EL and HSL gene expression in placenta and that optimal metabolic control reduces these effects.
The association between dyslipidaemia in the first trimester and adverse pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH) is linked to dyslipidaemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, the impact of dyslipidaemia on the outcome of pregnancy in SCH is unclear. METHODS: We enrolled 36,256 pregnant women and evaluated their pregnancy outcomes. The following data was gathered during the first trimester (≤ 13(+ 6) weeks of gestation): total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglyceride (TG), high-density lipoprotein (HDL-C), free thyroxine (FT4) and thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) concentrations. The reference ranges for lipids were estimated to range from the 5th to the 95th percentile. Logistic regression assessed the relationships between dyslipidaemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including abortion, preeclampsia/eclampsia, low birth weight, foetal growth restriction, premature rupture of foetal membranes, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, macrosomia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Additionally, the best thresholds for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes based on TSH, FT4, and lipid levels were determined using receiver operating characteristic curves. RESULTS: In the first trimester, LDL-C > 3.24 mmol/L, TG > 1.92 mmol/L, HDL-C < 1.06 mmol/L, and TC > 5.39 mmol/L were used to define dyslipidaemia. In this cohort, 952 (3.56%) patients were diagnosed with SCH, and those who had dyslipidaemia in the first trimester had higher incidences of gestational hypertension (6.59% vs. 3.25%), preeclampsia/eclampsia (7.14% vs. 3.12%), GDM (22.53% vs. 13.77%), and low birth weight (4.95% vs. 2.08%) than did those without dyslipidaemia. However, after adjusting for prepregnancy body mass index (pre-BMI), dyslipidaemia was no longer related to these risks. Furthermore, elevated TG dyslipidaemia in SCH patients was connected to an enhanced potential of gestational hypertension (odds ratio [OR]: 2.687, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.074 ~ 6.722), and elevated LDL-C dyslipidaemia correlated with increased preeclampsia/eclampsia risk (OR: 3.172, 95% CI: 1.204 ~ 8.355) after accounting for age, smoking status, alcohol use, pre-BMI, and levothyroxine use. Additionally, the combination of TC, TG, LDL-C, pre-BMI, and TSH exhibited enhanced predictive capabilities for gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, and GDM. Values of 0.767, 0.704, and 0.706 were obtained from the area under the curve. CONCLUSIONS: Among pregnant women with SCH, dyslipidaemia in early pregnancy was related to elevated risks of adverse pregnancy consequences. The combined consideration of age, pre-BMI, TSH, and lipid levels in the first trimester could be beneficial for monitoring patients and implementing interventions to reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Identifying postpartum intervention approaches to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with prior gestational diabetes, Oklahoma, 2012-2013.; INTRODUCTION: Innovative approaches are needed to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. We assessed beliefs of Oklahoma American Indian women about preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after having gestational diabetes. We also assessed barriers and facilitators to healthy lifestyle changes postpartum and intervention approaches that facilitate participation in a postpartum lifestyle program. METHODS: In partnership with a tribal health system, we conducted a mixed-method study with American Indian women aged 19 to 45 years who had prior gestational diabetes, using questionnaires, focus groups, and individual interviews. Questionnaires were used to identify women's cardiometabolic risk perceptions and feasibility and acceptability of Internet or mobile phone technology for delivery of a postpartum lifestyle modification program. Focus groups and individual interviews were conducted to identify key perspectives and preferences related to a potential program. RESULTS: Participants were 26 women, all of whom completed surveys; 11 women participated in focus group sessions, and 15 participated in individual interviews. Most women believed they would inevitably develop diabetes, cardiovascular disease, or both; however, they were optimistic that they could delay onset with lifestyle change. Most women expressed enthusiasm for a family focused, technology-based intervention that emphasizes the importance of delaying disease onset, provides motivation, and promotes accountability while accommodating women's competing priorities. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that an intervention that uses the Internet, text messaging, or both and that emphasizes the benefits of delaying disease onset should be tested as a novel, culturally relevant approach to reducing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in this high-risk population.
Amino acid and lipid metabolism in post-gestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: A metabolic profiling study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) during midlife and an elevated risk of developing hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Glucose tolerance reclassification after delivery is recommended, but fewer than 40% of women with GDM are tested. Thus, improved risk stratification methods are needed, as is a deeper understanding of the pathology underlying the transition from GDM to T2D. We hypothesize that metabolites during the early postpartum period accurately distinguish risk of progression from GDM to T2D and that metabolite changes signify underlying pathophysiology for future disease development. METHODS AND FINDINGS: The study utilized fasting plasma samples collected from a well-characterized prospective research study of 1,035 women diagnosed with GDM. The cohort included racially/ethnically diverse pregnant women (aged 20-45 years-33% primiparous, 37% biparous, 30% multiparous) who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals from 2008 to 2011. Participants attended in-person research visits including 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) at study baseline (6-9 weeks postpartum) and annually thereafter for 2 years, and we retrieved diabetes diagnoses from electronic medical records for 8 years. In a nested case-control study design, we collected fasting plasma samples among women without diabetes at baseline (n = 1,010) to measure metabolites among those who later progressed to incident T2D or did not develop T2D (non-T2D). We studied 173 incident T2D cases and 485 controls (pair-matched on BMI, age, and race/ethnicity) to discover metabolites associated with new onset of T2D. Up to 2 years post-baseline, we analyzed samples from 98 T2D cases with 239 controls to reveal T2D-associated metabolic changes. The longitudinal analysis tracked metabolic changes within individuals from baseline to 2 years of follow-up as the trajectory of T2D progression. By building prediction models, we discovered a distinct metabolic signature in the early postpartum period that predicted future T2D with a median discriminating power area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.883 (95% CI 0.820-0.945, p < 0.001). At baseline, the most striking finding was an overall increase in amino acids (AAs) as well as diacyl-glycerophospholipids and a decrease in sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids among women with incident T2D. Pathway analysis revealed up-regulated AA metabolism, arginine/proline metabolism, and branched-chain AA (BCAA) metabolism at baseline. At follow-up after the onset of T2D, up-regulation of AAs and down-regulation of sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids were sustained or strengthened. Notably, longitudinal analyses revealed only 10 metabolites associated with progression to T2D, implicating AA and phospholipid metabolism. A study limitation is that all of the analyses were performed with the same cohort. It would be ideal to validate our findings in an independent longitudinal cohort of women with GDM who had glucose tolerance tested during the early postpartum period. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we discovered a metabolic signature predicting the transition from GDM to T2D in the early postpartum period that was superior to clinical parameters (fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour plasma glucose). The findings suggest that metabolic dysregulation, particularly AA dysmetabolism, is present years prior to diabetes onset, and is revealed during the early postpartum period, preceding progression to T2D, among women with GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01967030.
Association of the presence of microangiopathy with adverse pregnancy outcome in type 1 diabetes: A meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Microangiopathy is common after a long duration in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Pregnancies with end-age vascular complications are a big challenge to multidisciplinary physicians. The objective of this study was to assess the risk of microangiopathy for adverse pregnancy outcome in T1DM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane Library databases were searched for relevant articles appearing in the literature up to October 1, 2017. Analysis of cohort studies were performed with Review Manager 5.3 and Newcastle Ottawa Scale (NOS) was chosen to evaluate the risk of bias. RESULTS: A total of 10 studies involving 3239 pregnancies were retrieved and analyzed. Microangiopathy for diabetic nephropathy (DN), microalbuminuria and diabetic retinopathy (DR) significantly increased the risk of preeclampsia (PE) (OR of 7.19, [95%CI: 5.15, 10.03], 4.19, [95%CI: 2.78, 6.31] and 3.02, [95%CI: 2.24, 4.07], respectively). Significant association of the presence of DN with preterm delivery was demonstrated (OR = 4.14, 95%CI [2.84, 6.02]), with small for gestation age was demonstrated (OR = 6.23, 95%CI [2.75, 14.14]) and with large for gestation age was demonstrated (OR = 0.41, 95%CI [0.27, 0.62]). A mild association of the presence of DR with preterm delivery was demonstrated (OR = 1.57, 95%CI [1.08, 2.29]). CONCLUSION: The presence of microangiopathy before or in early pregnancy increased the risk of adverse pregnancy outcome in T1DM. We highlighted it was important that White's classification and a full assessment of vasculopathy should be carry out before pregnancy to ensure a well-planned pregnancy. Further work should be designed to establish risks model involving microangiopathy and find out whether early intervention with strict blood sugar control or medication such as low-dose aspirin will reduce the incidence of PE in T1DM.
Increased osteoprotegerin levels in women with previous gestational diabetes developing metabolic syndrome.; Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a novel soluble member of tumour necrosis factor receptor superfamily, has been shown to link cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate the potential relationship between serum OPG levels, cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome in a relatively large group of women with previous GDM. In this cross-sectional case-control study, 128 women with previous GDM and 67 age-matched controls were enrolled. Subjects were evaluated for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome according to the criteria of the American Heart Association (AHA). Fasting glucose, insulin, serum lipids, CRP and OPG were assayed. HOMA score was calculated. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. There was no significant increase in OPG levels in women with previous GDM when compared to controls. On the other hand, women with previous GDM developing metabolic syndrome had higher OPG levels than those without metabolic syndrome and healthy controls. Serum OPG levels were associated with obesity, insulin resistance, serum CRP and carotid IMT. Serum OPG is related to cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome, and might be involved in the development of cardiovascular disorders in women with previous GDM.
Effect of metformin on maternal and fetal outcomes in obese pregnant women (EMPOWaR): a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Maternal obesity is associated with increased birthweight, and obesity and premature mortality in adult offspring. The mechanism by which maternal obesity leads to these outcomes is not well understood, but maternal hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance are both implicated. We aimed to establish whether the insulin sensitising drug metformin improves maternal and fetal outcomes in obese pregnant women without diabetes. METHODS: We did this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in antenatal clinics at 15 National Health Service hospitals in the UK. Pregnant women (aged ≥16 years) between 12 and 16 weeks' gestation who had a BMI of 30 kg/m(2) or more and normal glucose tolerance were randomly assigned (1:1), via a web-based computer-generated block randomisation procedure (block size of two to four), to receive oral metformin 500 mg (increasing to a maximum of 2500 mg) or matched placebo daily from between 12 and 16 weeks' gestation until delivery of the baby. Randomisation was stratified by study site and BMI band (30-39 vs ≥40 kg/m(2)). Participants, caregivers, and study personnel were masked to treatment assignment. The primary outcome was Z score corresponding to the gestational age, parity, and sex-standardised birthweight percentile of liveborn babies delivered at 24 weeks or more of gestation. We did analysis by modified intention to treat. This trial is registered, ISRCTN number 51279843. FINDINGS: Between Feb 3, 2011, and Jan 16, 2014, inclusive, we randomly assigned 449 women to either placebo (n=223) or metformin (n=226), of whom 434 (97%) were included in the final modified intention-to-treat analysis. Mean birthweight at delivery was 3463 g (SD 660) in the placebo group and 3462 g (548) in the metformin group. The estimated effect size of metformin on the primary outcome was non-significant (adjusted mean difference -0·029, 95% CI -0·217 to 0·158; p=0·7597). The difference in the number of women reporting the combined adverse outcome of miscarriage, termination of pregnancy, stillbirth, or neonatal death in the metformin group (n=7) versus the placebo group (n=2) was not significant (odds ratio 3·60, 95% CI 0·74-17·50; p=0·11). INTERPRETATION: Metformin has no significant effect on birthweight percentile in obese pregnant women. Further follow-up of babies born to mothers in the EMPOWaR study will identify longer-term outcomes of metformin in this population; in the meantime, metformin should not be used to improve pregnancy outcomes in obese women without diabetes. FUNDING: The Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation (EME) Programme, a Medical Research Council and National Institute for Health Research partnership.
Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Diabetes: A Conventional and Speckle-Tracking Echocardiographic Study.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with adverse fetal myocardial remodeling. The aim of this study was to assess the biventricular systolic and diastolic function of fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) compared with control subjects, using a comprehensive cardiac functional assessment and exploring the role of speckle-tracking to assess myocardial deformation. The authors hypothesized that fetuses exposed to MD present signs of biventricular dysfunction, which can be detected by deformation analysis. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in 129 fetuses with structurally normal hearts, including 76 fetuses of mothers with diabetes and 53 of mothers without diabetes. Maternal baseline characteristics, standard fetoplacental Doppler indices, and conventional echocardiographic and myocardial deformation parameters were prospectively collected at 30 to 33 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes had a significantly thicker interventricular septum compared with control subjects (median, 4.25 mm [interquartile range (IQR), 3.87-4.50 mm] vs 3.67 mm [IQR, 3.40-3.93 mm), P < .001), but no effect modification was demonstrated on myocardial deformation analysis. No significant differences were found in conventional systolic and diastolic functional parameters for the left ventricle and right ventricle, except for lower left ventricular cardiac output in the MD group (median, 320 mL/min [IQR, 269-377 mL/min] vs 365 mL/min [IQR, 311-422 mL/min], P < .05]. Deformation analysis demonstrated a significantly lower early diastolic strain rate (SRe) and late diastolic strain rate (SRa) for both ventricles in the MD group (left ventricle: SRe 1.85 ± 0.72 vs 2.26 ± 0.68 sec(-1), SRa 1.50 ± 0.52 vs 1.78 ± 0.57 sec(-1); right ventricle: SRe 1.57 ± 0.73 vs 1.97 ± 0.73 sec(-1), SRa 2 ± 0.77 vs 1.68 ± 0.79 sec(-1); P < .05), suggesting biventricular diastolic impairment. Additionally, the right ventricle presented a lower global longitudinal strain in the study group (-13.67 ± 4.18% vs -15.52 ± 3.86%, P < .05). Multivariate analysis revealed that maternal age is an independent predictor of left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (P < .05), with a significant effect only in MD after group stratification. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes present signs of biventricular diastolic dysfunction and right ventricular systolic dysfunction by deformation analysis in the third trimester of pregnancy. They may represent a special indication group for functional cardiac assessment, independently of septal hypertrophy. Two-dimensional speckle-tracking could offer an additional benefit over conventional echocardiography to detect subclinical unfavorable changes in myocardial function in this population.
[Risk of maternal and fetal disease among women older than 40 years].; A rising trend in advanced maternal age has been observed over the last few decades. Several studies have assessed the association between advanced maternal age and adverse pregnancy outcome, including miscarriage, stillbirth, pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, delivery of a small- or large-for-gestational-age neonates and elective or emergency Cesarean section. These studies reported contradictory findings. The aim of the present paper is to summarize the evidence-based information regarding advanced maternal age and pregnancy outcomes.
Leucocyte alkaline phosphatase activity during high risk pregnancies.; 142 determinations of leucocyte alkaline phosphatase (LAP) activity have been done in 103 cases of high risk pregnancy. A statistically significant elevation of LAP score has been found in high risk pregnancies due to diabetes mellitus, toxaemia, renal diseases and third trimester haemorrhage, but not in pregnancies complicated by cardiac disease, chronic hypertension, Rh sensitization or anaemia.
Congenital abnormalities in the offspring of pregnant women with type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus: a population-based case-control study.; To estimate the risk of structural birth defects (i.e. congenital abnormalities [CA]) in the offspring of pregnant women with type 1 (DM-1), type 2 (DM-2) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to check the efficacy of recent specific care of diabetic pregnant women in the reduction of DM-related CA. Comparison was made of the occurrence of medically recorded types of diabetes mellitus in pregnant women who had malformed fetuses/newborns (cases) and who delivered healthy babies (controls) in the population-based Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance System of Congenital Abnormalities, 1980-1996. In the case group, which included 22 843 offspring, there were 79 (0.35%) pregnant women with DM-1, 77 (0.34%) pregnant women with DM-2 and 120 (0.53%) pregnant women with GDM. The control group comprised 38 151 newborns, and 88 (0.23%), 141 (0.37%) and 229 (0.60%) pregnant women with DM-1, DM-2 and GDM, respectively. The total rate of cases with CA was higher only in the DM-1 group (adjusted OR with 95% CI: 1.5, 1.1-2.0) and within four specific types/groups: isolated renal a/dysgenesis, obstructive CA of the urinary tract, cardiovascular CA and multiple CA; namely, caudal dysplasia sequence. The risk of total CA was lower in the present study compared to the risk in previous studies and the DM-1-related spectrum of CA was also different. There was no higher risk of total CA in the offspring of pregnant women with DM-2 and GDM. The certain part of maternal teratogenic effect of DM-1 is preventable with appropriate periconceptional and prenatal care of diabetic women.
Long-term neurological dysfunction and neonatal hypoglycaemia after diabetic pregnancy.; AIM: To determine if children born to mothers with diabetes mellitus during pregnancy, who subsequently developed neonatal hypoglycaemia, experienced long-term neurological dysfunction. METHODS: Thirteen children with, and 15 without, neonatal hypoglycaemia (blood glucose < 1.5 mmol/l) were randomly selected from a larger cohort and investigated at the age of 8 years. They were also compared with 28 age matched healthy controls. RESULTS: Children with neonatal hypoglycaemia had significantly more difficulties in a validated screening test for minimal brain dysfunction than controls and were also more often reported to be hyperactive, impulsive, and easily distracted. On psychological assessment, they had a lower total development score than normoglycaemic children born to diabetic mothers, and control children. CONCLUSIONS: Neonatal hypoglycaemia in diabetic pregnancy was associated with long-term neurological dysfunction related to minimal brain dysfunction/deficits in attention, motor control, and perception.
Cognitive Impairment Induced by Gestational Diabetes: The Role of Oxidative Stress.; BACKGROUND: Cognitive impairment is defined as a neurological condition that alters multiple cerebral functions such as reasoning, memory, concentration, and association, among others. It has found to be widely correlated with several factors such as oxidative stress. The latter could be induced by numerous pathological conditions characterized by increased levels of free radicals and decreased levels of antioxidants. Pregnancy is a period when women undergo a physiological state of oxidative stress due to hormonal changes and increased oxygen requirements to maintain pregnancy. However, when oxidative stress exceeds antioxidant capacity, this leads to cellular damage that promotes a diabetogenic state. Recent studies suggest a possible association between gestational diabetes and cognitive impairment, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. AIMS: We aim to explore the pathophysiological relationship between cognitive impairment and oxidative stress, focusing on the possible involvement of oxidative stress as the inducing mechanism. METHODS: We performed a comprehensive literature review through PubMed and Google Scholar. Our keywords were "neuroinflammation", "cognitive impairment", "gestational diabetes", "oxidative stress", "antioxidants", and "free radicals". RESULTS: From the initial 400 records identified, a total of 78 studies were analyzed and included in our study. CONCLUSION: Oxidative stress plays a fundamental role in the development of cognitive impairment. Understanding this correlation is essential to the development of targeted medical interventions and, ultimately, promote research and prevention that will benefit the mother-child binomial in the short and long term.
Managing diabetic patients with nephropathy and other vascular complications.; Since the metabolic changes in normal pregnancy are diabetogenic, pregnancy imposes a severe stress on the metabolic milieu of diabetic patients. Moreover, many patients with long-standing diabetes have vascular complications, including retinopathy, renal insufficiency, nephrotic syndrome and hypertension, that represent separate risk factors for optimal fetal development. Recent experience has suggested that maternal hyperglycaemia, and associated fetal hyperinsulinaemia, may represent an important factor in the development of fetal complications. During the past two to three decades the incidence of perinatal deaths has been reduced in all cases of diabetics to a level that approaches the rate in healthy gravidas when severe congenital anomalies are excluded. Fetal and neonatal morbidity have also been reduced, although rates of congenital anomalies, polyhydramnios and respiratory distress syndrome remain high. In patients with significant vascular complications, especially nephropathy and retinopathy, there is no evidence that pregnancy alters the natural course of these complications. Although the morbidity associated with oedema formation and hypertension is elevated, with meticulous management of patients with diabetic nephropathy, especially in the absence of severe renal insufficiency and/or severe hypertension, pregnancy performance and outcome can be similar to other insulin-dependent diabetics.
Altered Doppler Velocimetry of Fetal Middle Cerebral Artery in Singleton Pregnancies Complicated by Mild Well-Controlled Gestational Diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: The aim of the present study was to evaluate fetal umbilical artery (UA) and middle cerebral artery (MCA) blood flow in patients with gestational diabetes (GD), in order to determine whether minimal anomalies of glucose metabolism may influence fetal placental function. METHODS: UA and MCA flows were prospectively measured by transabdominal ultrasound in singleton pregnancies between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: The study included 35 women with GD and 217 nondiabetic patients. Middle cerebral pulsatility index (PI) was significantly higher in the GD group (mean MCA-PI = 1.82 ± 0.27 vs. 1.71 ± 0.26; p < 0.02). Likewise, MCA peak systolic velocity (MCA-PSV) was higher in the GD group compared to the non-GD group, though the difference was not significant (mean of MCA-PSV = 47.14 ± 8.45 vs. 47.09 ± 11.21; p = 0.98). UA-PI resulted higher in the non-GD group without significant differences (mean of UA-PI = 0.88 ± 0.14 vs. 0.86 ± 0.15; p = 0.32). CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows that even in cases of minimal metabolic derangements, GD is characterized by a significant variation in fetal Doppler velocimetry, particularly in the brain.
Consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. METHODS: MySweetHeart cohort study aimed to assess the effect of maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) on offsprings' cardiovascular health. Newborns underwent clinical and echocardiographic examinations between 2016 and 2020. RESULTS: Compared to mothers without GDM (n = 141), mothers with GDM (n = 123) were more likely to have had GDM in previous pregnancies and had higher weight, BMI, blood glucose, and HbA1c. Newborns of both groups showed similar clinical characteristics. Echocardiography was performed on the 3rd (interquartile range, IQR, 2nd-4th) day of life in 101 offsprings of mothers without and 116 offsprings of mothers with GDM. Left ventricular (LV) mass was similar. Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall (z-score +0.15, IQR -0.38/0.62, versus +0.47, IQR -0.11/+1.1, p = 0.004), a smaller end-systolic (1.3 mL, IQR 1.0-1.5 mL, versus 1.4 mL, IQR 1.2-1.8 mL, p = 0.044) but a similar end-diastolic LV volume. They also had shorter tricuspid valve flow duration and aortic valve ejection time, lower tricuspid E-wave and pulmonary valve velocities. CONCLUSIONS: Newborns of mothers with or without GDM had similar clinical characteristics and LV mass. However, some echocardiographic differences were detected, suggesting an altered myocardial physiology among infants of mothers with GDM. REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02872974). IMPACT: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are known to be associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. Clinical characteristics and estimated left ventricular (LV) mass were similar in children issued from mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM). Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall and a smaller end-systolic LV volume. Although LV mass is not different, myocardial physiology may be altered in these infants. Further studies should investigate the endothelial function of this population and the cardiovascular evolution of these children over time.
The nonstress test: an evaluation of 1,000 patients.; In November, 1978, the fetal heart rate nonstress test (NST) was instituted as the primary screening procedure for the evaluation of fetal well-being at Vanderbilt University Hospital. The results of the first 1,000 patients tested are presented. The stillborn rate within 8 days of a reactive NST was 6.4 per 1,000, with the stillbiths occurring either in patients with diabetes mellitus or with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). A review of other series in which both the total indications for nonstressed testing and the risk groups in which stillbirths occurred within 7 days of an NST reveals that patients with diabetes mellitus (p less than 0.025) and patients with IUGR (p less than 0.01) are at greater risk for stillbirth within 7 days of an NST. Weekly nonstress testing, effective in preventing stillbirths in most risk groups, is not adequate in patients with diabetes mellitus or IUGR.
Factors predisposing to pre-eclampsia in women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Lipid abnormalities occur before the onset of pre-eclampsia but their role in its pathogenesis is unclear. We tested the hypothesis that lipid abnormalities precede and contribute to the development of pre-eclampsia using women with gestational diabetes (GDM) as a focus population. METHODS: One hundred and eighty-four women with a diagnosis of GDM were studied. Anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose homeostasis, markers of inflammation and endothelial damage were measured and family history of disease was assessed to determine those measures at diagnosis of GDM that best predicted the development of pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: Twelve percent of women with GDM developed pre-eclampsia. At diagnosis of GDM, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not different in women who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia (GDM-PE). GDM-PE had elevated body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, insulin, uric acid, and C-reactive protein (CRP), which have all been linked with the 'metabolic syndrome'. They had a greater degree of microalbuminuria and more frequently reported a family history of hypertension and maternal gestational diabetes. In logistic regression, the significant independent predictors for developing pre-eclampsia were fasting glucose, CRP, a family history of hypertension and the proband's mother having gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that, in GDM, increased severity of insulin resistance and related features of the 'metabolic syndrome', rather than lipid abnormalities, are precursors to the development of pre-eclampsia and hence are likely to be implicated in the pathophysiology of this disorder. Moreover, these women are likely to be at particularly high risk of long-term cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes.
Short term variability of fetal heart rate during insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies.; The clinical significance of quantified short term variability of antepartal fetal heart rate (FHR) in prediction of fetal distress in labor was assessed in 120 insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies. FHR was recorded by abdominal fetal electrocardiography (aFECG), from which the differential indices (DI) describing the short term variability of FHR were analyzed by a microprocessor-based on-line method. The analysis was successful in 308 of 350 trials (87%). In ten pregnancies, no acceptable a FECG was obtained. Fetal distress developed in 28 of the 110 pregnancies with successful FHR analysis. There were no intrauterine deaths in this series, but two newborn infants died (perinatal mortality 1.7%). Ninety-three pregnancies with FHR analyses within one week of delivery were included in the assessment of the test. DI predicted 2 of the 17 cases of fetal distress (sensitivity 67%). Twelve of the 18 cases with a pathological DI developed fetal distress (predictive value 71%). DIs were normal in 67 of the 73 pregnancies without fetal distress (specificity 92%). Risk of fetal distress after a pathological DI was 8.5 times that after normal DIs (relative risk), which is highly significant.
[Insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome].; With a prevalence of 5-10% the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common disorder of premenopausal women. According to prospective studies abnormal glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus present in about 10.0% and 35.0% of adult women with PCOS, respectively. PCOS patients have a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension and dyslipidaemia. The rate of spontaneous abortions as well as the risk of developing gestational diabetes is increased in PCOS. Therefore, PCOS is not only a reproductive problem, but a complex endocrine disease with important health implications. The role of glucose metabolism in PCOS, the health consequences and possible interventions are reviewed in this article.
Characteristics of Premature Myocardial Infarction Among Women With Prior Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm birth are associated with ischemic heart disease in later life. OBJECTIVES: The authors aimed to study the features of premature myocardial infarction (MI) among women with and without prior APOs. METHODS: We performed a retrospective analysis of women with premature MI (<65 years of age) referred for left heart catheterization matched with a database of abstracted pregnancy data. We compared MI characteristics and epicardial coronary anatomy between women with and without APOs during their index pregnancy and evaluated time from delivery to MI. RESULTS: Of 391 women with premature MI and associated coronary angiography (age: 49 ± 8 years), 154 (39%) had a prior APO (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy n = 78, preeclampsia n = 35, gestational diabetes mellitus n = 28, and preterm birth n = 48). Women with APO history had a higher prevalence of diabetes (33% vs 16% without APO; P = 0.001) and presented earlier with MI following delivery (19.6 [IQR: 14.3-23.5] years vs those without APO 21.5 [IQR: 17.0-25.4] years; P = 0.012), driven by preeclampsia (17.1 [IQR: 12.7-22.4] years, P = 0.010). Women with and without APOs had similar MI features including rates of ST-segment elevation MI, obstructive and multi-vessel coronary artery disease, percutaneous coronary intervention, and shock. CONCLUSIONS: Among women with premature MIs, 39% had a history of an APO. Women with APO history presented sooner after pregnancy but had similar MI characteristics vs those without APOs. Pregnancy history may identify women who warrant early, aggressive cardiovascular disease prevention.
Morphological and functional aspects of acute kidney injury after fetal programing in the offspring of diabetic rats.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of folic acid (FA)-induced renal failure in young offspring of diabetic mothers. METHODS: The offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic dams were divided into four groups: CC (controls receiving vehicle); DC (diabetics receiving vehicle); CA (controls receiving FA solution, 250 mg/kg) and DA (diabetics receiving FA solution, 250 mg/kg). Renal function tests and morphometry results were analyzed. RESULTS: An increase in creatinine and urea levels was observed in CA and DA groups at two and five months. FA administration caused a significant reduction in the number of glomeruli in the offspring of diabetic dams. The diabetes group treated with FA had fewer glomeruli compared to controls at two and five months. FA caused an increase in the area of the urinary space both in controls and offspring of diabetic dams at two and five months. The number of glomeruli and area of the urinary space at two months were negatively correlated. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal programing promotes remarkable changes in kidney morphology and function in offspring. We suggest that the morphological changes in the kidneys are more pronounced when fetal programing is associated with newly acquired diseases, e.g. renal failure induced by FA.
[Chronic complications of polycystic ovary syndrome. Review].; In addition to neuroendocrine abnormalities, women with polycystic ovary syndrome have insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction associated with a high frequency of metabolic syndrome components, such as glucose intolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM-2), dyslipidemia and a higher risk for endothelial dysfunction, haemostatic abnormalities, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Obesity, a common finding in this disorder, plays an important role in the development of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders. Early identification of patients and prompt initiation of insulin sensitizing therapy by pharmacological agents or changes in life style such diet and exercise might improve the metabolic and endocrine abnormalities and reduce the risk of DM-2 and cardiovascular disease in these patients.
Risks of Maternal Obesity in Pregnancy: A Case-control Study in a Portuguese Obstetrical Population.; OBJECTIVE:  The present study aims to understand to what extent obesity is related to adverse maternal, obstetrical, and neonatal outcomes in a Portuguese obstetrical population. METHODS:  A retrospective case-control study was conducted at the Department of Obstetrics of a differentiated perinatal care facility. The study compared 1,183 obese pregnant women with 5,399 normal or underweight pregnant women for the occurrence of gestational diabetes, hypertensive pregnancy disorders, and preterm birth. Mode of delivery, birthweight, and neonatal intensive care unit (ICU) admissions were also evaluated. Mean blood glucose values were evaluated and compared between groups, in the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. Only singleton pregnancies were considered. RESULTS:  The prevalence of obesity was 13.6%. Obese pregnant women were significantly more likely to have cesarean sections (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.0, p < 0.001), gestational diabetes (aOR 2.14, p < 0.001), hypertensive pregnancy disorders (aOR 3.43, p < 0.001), and large-for-gestational age or macrosomic infants (aOR 2.13, p < 0.001), and less likely to have small-for-gestational age newborns (aOR 0.51, p < 0.009). No significant differences were found in terms of preterm births, fetal/neonatal deaths, low birthweight newborns, and neonatal ICU admissions among cases and controls. Maternal obesity was significantly associated with higher mean blood glucose levels, in the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. CONCLUSION:  Obesity is associated with increased risks of adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes. These risks seem to increase progressively with increasing body mass index (BMI) class. Female obesity should be considered a major public health issue and has consequences on maternal-fetal health.
[Relationship between pre-pregnancy body mass index and preterm birth].; OBJECTIVE: To study the relationship between pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and preterm birth. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted in Haidian Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Beijing from January to April in 2013. This study contained 174 preterm births in the case group and 382 term deliveries in the control group. The height, pre-pregnancy body weight, body weight before delivery, gestational weeks, history of diseases, family history of diseases, and complications during pregnancy of the subjects were collected. Multivariate Logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals (CI) after adjustment by maternal age, education, smoke during pregnancy, primiparous, mean income, and mean family living space. RESULTS: After analyzing the relevant risk factors of preterm birth, the multivariate Logistic regression showed that pre-pregnancy obesity was a risk factor for preterm birth, the adjusted odds ratio was 2.461 (95% CI: 1.174-5.159, P=0.017). The associations between pre-pregnancy overweight and preterm birth or pre-pregnancy underweight and preterm birth were not found. The gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and family history of preterm birth were risk factors for preterm birth, the adjusted odds ratios were 1.781 (95% CI: 1.025-3.095, P=0.040), 3.831 (95% CI: 2.044-7.180, P<0.001), and 3.675 (95% CI: 1.358-9.942, P=0.010), respectively. CONCLUSION: Pre-pregnancy obesity appeared to be a risk factor for preterm birth. To decrease the incidence of preterm birth, women should improve preconception care and keep their BMI in a normal range before pregnancy.
[Doppler velocimetry measurement in pregnancy complicated with diabetes mellitus].; To evaluate the effects of diabetes mellitus (DM) on fetoplacental circulation, Doppler velocimetry was carried out in diabetic pregnant women (n = 21) and normal pregnant controls (n = 20) every 2 weeks from the 20th week of gestation till term. Blood flow wave form of umbilical artery (Um) and uterine artery (Ut) were measured and the systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) of Um and Ut calculated. The results showed that the Um and Ut S/D ratio of diabetic mothers with AGA babies (n = 15) and normal controls were not different. The S/D ratio of diabetic women with LGA newborns (n = 6) elevated after the 30th week of gestation, and the time of elevation was in accordance with the accelerating growth stage of LGA fetus. It is suggested that the elevation of S/D ratio may be related to the increasing requirement of blood supply for LGA babies in DM mother.
Maternal diabetes-related malformations in Utah: A population study of birth prevalence 2001-2016.; Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk for congenital malformations of about 2-4 times the background risk. Notably, the types and patterns of congenital malformations associated with maternal diabetes are nonrandom, with a well-established increased risk for specific classes of malformations, especially of the heart, central nervous system, and skeleton. While the increased risk in clinical and epidemiological studies is well documented in the literature, a precise estimate of overall birth prevalence of these specific congenital malformations among women with maternal pregestational diabetes, is lacking. The purpose of this study was to determine total prevalence of structural malformations associated with maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus in a population-based study. We identified infants with specific birth defects whose mother had pregestational diabetes mellitus in the Utah Birth Defect Network (UBDN), an active birth defects surveillance program that registers the occurrence of selected structural defects in the state of Utah. We defined specific maternal diabetes-related malformations based on epidemiologic and clinical studies in the literature. Of the 825,138 recorded Utah births between 2001 and 2016, a total of 91 cases were identified as likely having diabetic embryopathy within UBDN data. The prevalence of diabetes-related congenital malformation cases was calculated per year; the overall prevalence of diabetes-related malformations 2001-2016 was 1.1 per 10,000 births in Utah (95% CI, 0.9-1.3). Knowledge of the overall prevalence of diabetes-related malformations is important in predicting the number of cases that are potentially prevented with the implementation of programs to foster preconceptional management of maternal pregestational diabetes.
Associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with offspring obesity and cardiometabolic outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in offspring at adolescence. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Multivariable regression analyses were conducted in a prospective pregnancy cohort (n = 2,563-4,198 for different outcomes). Obstetric data were abstracted from clinical records. Offspring outcomes were assessed at mean age 15.5 years. Compared with those lost to follow-up, participants included in the analysis were of higher socioeconomic position. Outcomes included BMI, waist circumference, fat mass determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (sBP and dBP, respectively), fasting glucose, insulin, lipids, and C-reactive protein (CRP). RESULTS: Maternal existing diabetes, gestational diabetes, and glycosuria were associated with higher offspring BMI and fat mass (z scores); however, this effect was attenuated in the confounder-adjusted model, and the CIs included the null value. Existing diabetes and gestational diabetes were associated with higher offspring fasting glucose levels (0.24 mmol/L [95% CI 0.03-0.45] and 0.20 mmol/L [0.02-0.39], respectively). Glycosuria was associated with higher fasting insulin (adjusted ratio of geometric means 1.12 [1.01-1.25]), but there were no clear associations of existing or gestational diabetes with offspring fasting insulin. There was little evidence of an association of maternal diabetes or glycosuria with offspring dBP, sBP, lipids, or CRP. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal pregnancy glycosuria, gestational diabetes, and existing diabetes show some associations with higher offspring fasting glucose and insulin assessed in adolescence but are not clearly associated with a wider range of cardiometabolic risk factors.
[Obstetrics and Gynecology. Management and screening for gestational diabetes : what's new in 2023].; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is becoming increasingly common as a result of the increase in overweight, obesity and maternal age among pregnant women. As a result, in order to provide early hygienic and dietary management, it is recommended that targeted screening be carried out in the first trimester of pregnancy, based on the identification of risk factors in women. In the absence of risk factors, screening for gestational diabetes should be carried out for all pregnant women between 24 and 28 weeks' gestation. During pregnancy, the safest pharmacological treatment remains insulin, and the term of delivery should take account of additional risk factors, insulin requirements, fœtal growth kinetics and the balance of GDM. In the longer term, gestational diabetes should be regarded as a metabolic and cardiovascular warning sign.
Physiologic changes in homocysteine metabolism in pregnancy: a longitudinal study in Spain.; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to investigate whether pregnancy-induced changes in total homocysteine (tHcy) are associated with folate and vitamin B12 nutritional status, genetic C677T polymorphism in the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) enzyme, and gestation outcome at a time when folic acid supplementation started to be recommended in the Spanish health system. METHODS: In total 154 pregnant women were recruited from among gynecologic patients of the Alcorcón Public Hospital Outpatient Clinic (Madrid, Spain). Blood tests were performed at weeks 15, 24, and 32 of pregnancy. Total Hcy, folate, and vitamin B12 serum fasting concentrations were measured using an IMx system. Genotype analyses were done by polymerase chain reaction/restriction fragment/length polymorphism analysis. RESULTS: Folate and vitamin B12 serum concentrations decreased significantly (P < 0.01) through pregnancy and reached the lowest values in the third trimester. Serum tHcy concentrations were significantly (P < 0.01) lower in the second trimester but increased in the third trimester. Frequencies of MTHFR C667T genotype were CC (35.7%), CT (57.2%), and TT (7.1%). Total Hcy concentration was not statistically influenced by maternal genotype. Plasma folate was the single negative predictor of maternal tHcy in the first trimester of pregnancy; 11.1% of gestations resulted in intrauterine growth restriction, 7.9% in gestational diabetes mellitus, and 4.8% in gestational hypertension. No significant differences in serum folate, vitamin B12, or tHcy concentrations were found in complicated pregnancies and these were unrelated to MTHFR genotype. CONCLUSION: Although tHcy seems to be physiologically low in this Spanish population and unrelated to folate and B12 nutritional status, C677T MTHFR genotype, and some pregnancy complications, we support the statement that appropriate folate concentration may be important throughout pregnancy to prevent abnormalities associated with altered status (e.g., neural tube defects). According to our study, supplementation with folic acid seems to achieve this purpose because diet alone may be insufficient. In addition, a poor vitamin B12 status, as measured by plasma levels, may indicate that supplementation of both vitamins is needed.
International Forum for the Advancement of Diabetes Research and Care, April 29-30, 2011, Athens, Greece.; The International Forum for the Advancement of Diabetes Research and Care brought together distinguished international experts in diabetes to discuss diverse trends and emerging issues in diabetes therapy and management. The plenary sessions on the first day focused on trends in insulin therapy, the role of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists in diabetes treatment, the relationship between diabetes and cardiovascular risk, and the challenges associated with the development of clinically relevant treatment guidelines. Interactive breakout sessions addressed the following topics: microvascular complications of diabetes; the need for a team approach to patient education; optimal management of Asian people with diabetes; the role of continuous glucose monitoring in assessing glucose variability; and lessons learned from biosimilar drugs. The plenary sessions on the second day covered self-monitoring of blood glucose, treatment and prevention of type 1 diabetes, and future directions for diabetes therapy. The meeting represented an excellent forum for the presentation of new research and the exchange of ideas aimed at improving outcomes for people with diabetes.
Risk Factors for Preterm Birth and Low Birth Weight Among Pregnant Indian Women: A Hospital-based Prospective Study.; OBJECTIVES: The present study was undertaken to study the maternal risk factors for preterm birth (PTB) and low birth weight (LBW) with a special emphasis on assessing the proportions of maternal genitourinary and periodontal infections among Indian women and their association with adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: A hospital-based prospective study comprising 790 pregnant women visiting the obstetrics clinic for a routine antenatal check-up was undertaken. Once recruited, all study participants underwent clinical and microbiological investigations for genitourinary infections followed by a dental check-up for the presence of periodontitis. The study participants were followed up until their delivery to record the pregnancy outcomes. Infectious and non-infectious risk factors for PTB and LBW were assessed using univariate and multivariate Cox regression analysis. Independent risk factors for PTB and LBW were reported in terms of adjusted relative risk (ARR) with the 95% confidence interval (CI). RESULTS: Rates of PTB and LBW in the study population were 7.6% and 11.4%, respectively. Previous preterm delivery (ARR, 5.37; 95% CI, 1.5 to 19.1), periodontitis (ARR, 2.39; 95% CI, 1.1 to 4.9), Oligohydramnios (ARR, 5.23; 95% CI, 2.4 to 11.5), presence of Nugent's intermediate vaginal flora (ARR, 2.75; 95% CI, 1.4 to 5.1), gestational diabetes mellitus (ARR, 2.91; 95% CI, 1.0 to 8.3), and maternal height <1.50 m (ARR, 2.21; 95% CI, 1.1 to 4.1) were risk factors for PTB, while periodontitis (ARR, 3.38; 95% CI, 1.6 to 6.9), gestational hypertension (ARR, 3.70; 95% CI, 1.3 to 10.8), maternal height <1.50 m (ARR, 2.66; 95% CI, 1.3 to 5.1) and genital infection during later stages of pregnancy (ARR, 2.79; 95% CI, 1.2 to 6.1) were independent risk factors for LBW. CONCLUSIONS: Our study findings underscore the need to consider screening for potential genitourinary and periodontal infections during routine antenatal care in developing countries.
Elevated blood pressure in pregnant women with gestational diabetes according to the WHO criteria: importance of overweight.; OBJECTIVE: Hypertension before and during early pregnancy has been associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in retrospective analyses. We aimed to investigate the prospective blood pressure trackings in a population-based cohort of pregnant women, who were stratified according to their metabolic status in early third trimester. METHODS: We recorded blood pressure longitudinally during pregnancy in 1230 women from the Odense Child Cohort, Denmark. Fasting glucose and insulin were measured at gestational weeks 28-30. Metabolic status was evaluated according to the WHO 2013 threshold for GDM (GDM-WHO: fasting plasma glucose ≥5.1 mmol/l), insulin and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Relationships between metabolic status in third trimester and blood pressure trajectories were evaluated with adjusted linear mixed models. Trajectory was defined as blood pressure records in pregnancy per 4 weeks interval. RESULTS: Prevalence of GDM-WHO was 40% (498/1230). GDM-WHO was associated with 1.46 (0.22-2.70) mmHg higher SBP and 1.04 (0.07-2.01) mmHg higher DBP trajectories in the overall cohort. The associations were driven by differences in the overweight group, with 3.14 (1.05-5.25) mmHg higher SBP and 1.94 (0.42-3.47) mmHg higher DBP per 4 weeks in women with GDM-WHO compared with women without GDM-WHO. GDM-WHO was not associated with blood pressure in women with normal weight. Blood pressure trajectories were elevated across quartiles of insulin resistance. CONCLUSION: GDM-WHO is associated with higher blood pressure in pregnancy, and there appears to be a stronger effect in overweight women.
Reversal of fetal distress following intensive treatment of maternal diabetic ketoacidosis.; Diabetic ketoacidosis during pregnancy is frequently associated with fetal distress that may result in fetal death in utero. A patient at 33 weeks of pregnancy with diabetic ketoacidosis and evidence of fetal distress is presented. Following intensive medical treatment, maternal metabolic state improved along with improvement of fetal heart rate tracing. A healthy infant was delivered by cesarean section at 36 weeks of gestation.
Rising plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and hypoadiponectinemia characterize the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Accordingly, the postpartum years after gestational dysglycemia can provide insight into early events in the natural history of these disorders. We thus sought to prospectively evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance and emerging cardiometabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, chemerin, retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP-4), C-reactive protein (CRP), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1)] at both 1- and 3-years postpartum in a cohort reflecting the full spectrum of gestational dysglycemia (from normal to GIGT to GDM). METHODS: Three-hundred-and-thirty-nine women completed a glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, which identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); GIGT (n = 59); abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 99); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 76). At 1- and 3-years postpartum, the women underwent repeat OGTT with measurement of biomarkers (adiponectin/chemerin/RBP-4/CRP/PAI-1). RESULTS: Serum adiponectin was lower in women with GDM and GIGT at both 1-year and 3-years (both P ≤ 0.002), whereas chemerin, RBP-4, CRP and PAI-1 showed no differences across the 4 groups. Importantly, the change in PAI-1 between 1- and 3-years progressively increased from the normal GCT group to the abnormal GCT group to GIGT to GDM (P = 0.03). Indeed, both GDM (t = 2.98, P = 0.003) and GIGT (t = 2.14, P = 0.03) independently predicted an increase in PAI-1 from 1- to 3-years postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Hypoadiponectinemia and rising PAI-1 over time are early features of the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational dysglycemia.
The efficacy and safety of metformin alone or as an add-on therapy to insulin in pregnancy with GDM or T2DM: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 21 randomized controlled trials.; WHAT IS KNOWN AND OBJECTIVE: Pregnant women are increasingly being exposed to metformin for conditions including gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Metformin has been found to exhibit maternal to foetal transfer, and the long-term influence is uncertain. We conducted a meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and safety of metformin alone or as add-on therapy to insulin and insulin in pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus or type 2 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: We performed a comprehensive literature search of PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library and ClinicalTrials.gov for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared metformin to insulin in pregnancy. Risk ratios (RRs) and mean differences (MDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to synthesize the results. Two authors independently extracted the data, evaluated study quality and calculated pooled estimates. RESULTS: Twenty-one studies involving 4,545 patients were included in this meta-analysis. Compared with insulin, metformin significantly reduced the risks of maternal weight gain [MD -1.51 kg, 95%CI (-1.90 kg, -1.12 kg), P < 0.00001], gestational age at birth [MD -0.12 week, 95%CI (-0.21 week, -0.02 week), P = 0.02], gestational hypertension [RR 0.63, 95%CI (0.48, 0.82), P = 0.0006], maternal hypoglycaemia [RR 0.33, 95%CI (0.15, 0.73), P = 0.006], birthweight [MD -0.13 kg, 95%CI (-0.20 kg, -0.07 kg), P < 0.0001], neonatal hypoglycaemia [RR 0.56, 95%CI (0.49, 0.64), P < 0.00001], neonatal intensive care unit admission [RR 0.73, 95%CI (0.64, 0.83), P < 0.00001], birthweight ≥4000 g [RR 0.70, 95%CI (0.59, 0.83), P < 0.0001], and large for gestational age [RR 0.83, 95%CI (0.72, 0.97), P = 0.02] and significantly increased the risk of small for gestational age [RR 1.43, 95%CI (1.08, 1.89), P = 0.01] in pregnancy. WHAT IS NEW AND CONCLUSION: Metformin may have potential benefits for pregnant women and newborns in terms of maternal and foetal outcomes. More studies with long-term follow-up of offspring exposed to metformin in utero are needed to provide evidence for the future use of metformin in pregnancy.
Functional aortic stenosis diagnosed in fetal period.; We report a case of fetal congenital heart disease prenatally diagnosed as critical aortic valve stenosis at 25 weeks of gestation. Fetal echocardiography demonstrated severe mitral regurgitation, aortic valve stenosis, hypocontractility of the left ventricle, and showed retrograde flow in the aortic arch like HLHS (hypoplastic left heart syndrome). However, soon after delivery, improvement in the baby's hemodynamics and myocardial contractility were recognized without any treatment.
Long-term health outcomes of early menarche in women: an umbrella review.; BACKGROUND: There is limited comprehensive evidence on the potential association between early menarche and subsequent health outcomes. AIM: To evaluate the existing evidence for the association of early menarche with later health outcomes and assesse the strength and validity of the evidence for these associations. DESIGN: Umbrella review. METHODS: We searched PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, CINAHL, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews and Google Scholar, and manually screened retrieved references to find systematic reviews and meta-analyses from inception to July 2021. Early menarche was defined by taking into account ethnicity and birth year, and the outcomes were long-term consequences in adulthood. RESULTS: Thirteen reviews encompassing 283 original articles and over 6.8 million participants from 39 countries across 5 continents were included. In categorical outcomes, early menarche was associated with metabolic syndrome (n = 37 543 pooled adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.56, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.33, 1.83; high certainty [Hi]), endometrial cancer (n = 874 188, aRR 1.40, 95% CI 1.17, 1.68; Hi), type 2 diabetes mellitus/impaired glucose tolerance (n = 1 185 444, aRR 1.30, 95% CI 1.19, 1.42; Hi), breast cancer (n = 103 574, aRR 1.19, 95% CI 1.06, 1.33; Hi), death from all causes (n = 152 747, aRR 1.11, 95% CI 1.03, 1.19; Hi), obesity (n = 54 006, aRR 1.68, 95% CI 1.53, 1.84; moderate certainty [Mod]), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 48 535, aRR 1.32, 95% CI 1.09, 1.58; Mod), hypertension (n = 1 682 689, aRR 1.24, 95% CI 1.20, 1.29; Mod), endometriosis (n = 885 390, aRR 1.22, 95% CI 1.09, 1.37; Mod), ovarian cancer (n = 1 022 451, aRR 1.17, 95% CI 1.04, 1.31; Mod) and asthma (n = 22 859, aRR 1.31, 95% CI 1.09, 1.57; low certainty [Lo]). For continuous outcomes, early menarche was associated with increased body mass index (BMI) in adults ≥40 years of age (n = 121 943, adjusted pooled standardized mean difference [aSMD] 0.30, 95% CI 0.28, 0.32; Mod), BMI in adults <40 years of age (n = 124 728, aSMD 0.39, 95% CI 0.36, 0.43; Mod), serum fasting insulin level (n = 17 020, aSMD 0.52, 95% CI 0.48, 0.57; Mod) and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (n = 7925, aSMD 0.27, 95% CI 0.19, 0.35; Mod). CONCLUSION: We found varied levels of evidence for the association between early menarche and the development of subsequent health problems. Our results recommend that physicians should pay attention to these associations, as early menarche can be a potential indicator of metabolic disorders and female-specific cancer and cause death in women.
Gestational Diabetes But Not Prepregnancy Overweight Predicts for Cardiometabolic Markers in Offspring Twenty Years Later.; CONTEXT: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and prepregnancy overweight/obesity [body mass index (BMI) ≥25 kg/m2] might adversely affect offspring cardiometabolic health. OBJECTIVE: To assess the associations between maternal GDM and prepregnancy overweight/obesity with adult offspring cardiometabolic risk factors. DESIGN: Longitudinal cohort study (ESTER Maternal Pregnancy Disorders Study and the Arvo Ylppö Longitudinal Study). SETTING: Province of Uusimaa and Northern Finland. PARTICIPANTS: At a mean age of 24.1 ± 1.3 years, we classified offspring as offspring of mothers with GDM regardless of the prepregnancy BMI (OGDM; n = 193); normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy overweight/obesity (ONO; n = 157); and normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy BMI <25 kg/m2 (controls; n = 556). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed the cardiometabolic biomarkers from blood and measured the blood pressure at rest and heart rate. RESULTS: Compared with the controls, the OGDM and ONO groups had greater fasting glucose (1.6%; 95% CI, 0.1% to 3.1%; and 2.3%; 95% CI, 0.5% to 4.3%, respectively) and insulin (12.7%; 95% CI, 4.4% to 21.9%; and 8.7%; 95% CI, 0.2% to 17.8%). These differences attenuated to nonsignificance when adjusted for confounders and/or current offspring characteristics, including BMI or body fat percentage. The OGDM group had lower SHBG (men, -12.4%; 95% CI, -20.2% to -3.9%; women, -33.2%; 95% CI, -46.3% to -16.8%), high-density lipoprotein (-6.6%; 95% CI, -10.9% to -2.2%), and apolipoprotein A1 (-4.5%; 95% CI, -7.5% to -1.4%). These differences survived the adjustments. The heart rate and other biomarkers were similar among the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Adult offspring of mothers with GDM have increased markers of insulin resistance and a more atherogenic lipid profile. These were only partly explained by confounders or current offspring adiposity. Maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity was associated with impaired offspring glucose regulation, which was explained by confounders and/or current adiposity.
Acid-base status in diabetic mothers and their infants following general or spinal anesthesia for cesarean section.; Acid-base status was studied in 30 diabetic mothers and their infants and in 30 healthy mothers and their babies after general or spinal anesthesia for cesarean section. A normal acid-base state was found for the diabetic subjects following general or spinal anesthesia. However, the infants of diabetic mothers given spinal anesthesia had an average pH of 7.20 and a base excess value of -5.67 mEq/l in umbilical-artery blood at delivery. These values were significantly lower than those observed in the infants of the other groups, where the average pH was between 7.28 and 7.30 and the base excess between -1.87 mEq/l and 1.00 mEq/l. These findings were significantly related to maternal diabetes and maternal hypotension.
Anti-Inflammatory Activity of Marine Ovothiol A in an In Vitro Model of Endothelial Dysfunction Induced by Hyperglycemia.; Chronic hyperglycemia is associated with oxidative stress and vascular inflammation, both leading to endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease that can be weakened by antioxidant/anti-inflammatory molecules in both healthy and diabetic subjects. Among natural molecules, ovothiol A, produced in sea urchin eggs to protect eggs/embryos from the oxidative burst at fertilization and during development, has been receiving increasing interest for its use as an antioxidant. Here, we evaluated the potential antioxidative/anti-inflammatory effect of purified ovothiol A in an in vitro cellular model of hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction employing human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from women affected by gestational diabetes (GD) and from healthy mothers. Ovothiol A was rapidly taken up by both cellular systems, resulting in increased glutathione values in GD-HUVECs, likely due to the formation of reduced ovothiol A. In tumor necrosis factor-α-stimulated cells, ovothiol A induced a downregulation of adhesion molecule expression and decrease in monocyte-HUVEC interaction. This was associated with a reduction in reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and an increase in nitric oxide bioavailability. These results point to the potential antiatherogenic properties of the natural antioxidant ovothiol A and support its therapeutic potential in pathologies related to cardiovascular diseases associated with oxidative/inflammatory stress and endothelial dysfunction.
[Clinical features of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy].; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy is a risk factor for progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR). Despite the common opinion about the regression of DR after childbirth, it is possible for the disease to progress aggressively, which can cause loss of visual functions when treated untimely. PURPOSE: To present clinical cases with different course of development of DR in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Five pregnant women with DM1 lasting more than 8 years were examined. Glycemic level of all patients was higher than normal (glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of more than 6.1%). Ophthalmologic examination was carried out including fundus photography, optical coherence tomography (OCT) of the macular area, Angio-OCT. RESULTS: The most significant factors in the progression of DR in pregnant women are DR1 compensation, severity and stabilization of DR during the preconception period, presence of a concomitant pathology. Timely detection of signs of progression of DR and therapeutic measures taken during pregnancy, in particular laser coagulation, were shown to stabilize the course of the disease and prevent loss of vision in pregnant women with DM1. CONCLUSION: Clinical course of DR in pregnancy can vary between absence of manifestation, stabilization, and progression. Progression of DR during pregnancy is determined by a number of factors including compensation of DM during the preconception period and throughout pregnancy, severity and stabilization of retinopathy during the preconception period, and presence of a concomitant pathology. Timely detection of the signs of DR progression and its treatment, in particular laser coagulation of the retina, can help stabilize the course of the disease during pregnancy. The course of DR may be aggressive in some pregnant women involving progression in the postpartum period, which warrants active monitoring of patients with retinopathy after childbirth.
Intrapartum Fetal Electrocardiogram in Small- and Large-for-Gestational Age Fetuses.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate whether intrapartum fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) tracings with ST-elevation or depression occur more frequently in each stage of labor in small-for-gestational age (SGA) or large-for-gestational age (LGA), as compared with appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) fetuses. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a secondary analysis of a large, multicenter trial in which laboring patients underwent fetal ECG waveform-analysis. We excluded participants with diabetes mellitus and major fetal anomalies. Birth weight was categorized as SGA (<10th percentile), LGA (>90th percentile), or AGA (10-90th percentile) by using a gender and race/ethnicity specific nomogram. In adjusted analyses, the frequency of ECG tracings with ST-depression or ST-elevation without depression was compared according to birthweight categories and labor stage. RESULTS: Our study included 4,971 laboring patients in the first stage and 4,074 in the second stage. During the first stage of labor, there were no differences in the frequency of ST-depression in SGA fetuses compared with AGA fetuses (6.7 vs. 5.5%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.41, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.93-2.13), or in ST-elevation without depression (35.8 vs. 34.1%; aOR: 1.17, 95% CI: 0.94-1.46). During the second stage, there were no differences in the frequency of ST-depression in SGA fetuses compared with AGA fetuses (1.6 vs. 2.0%; aOR: 0.69, 95% CI: 0.27-1.73), or in ST-elevation without depression (16.2 vs. 18.1%; aOR: 0.90, 95% CI: 0.67-1.22). During the first stage of labor, there were no differences in the frequency of ST-depression in LGA fetuses compared with AGA fetuses (6.3 vs. 5.5%; aOR: 0.97, 95% CI: 0.60-1.57), or in ST-elevation without depression (33.1 vs. 34.1%; aOR: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.62-1.03); during the second stage of labor, the frequency of ST-depression in LGA compared with AGA fetuses (2.5 vs. 2.0%, aOR: 1.36, 95% CI: 0.61-3.03), and in ST-elevation without depression (15.5 vs. 18.1%; aOR: 0.83, 95% CI: 0.58-1.18) were similar as well. CONCLUSION: The frequency of intrapartum fetal ECG tracings with ST-events is similar among SGA, AGA, and LGA fetuses. KEY POINTS: · SGA and LGA neonates are at increased risk of cardiac dysfunction.. · Fetal ECG has been used to evaluate fetal response to hypoxia.. · Fetal ST-elevation and ST-depression occur during hypoxia.. · Frequency of intrapartum ST-events is similar among SGA, AGA and LGA fetuses..
Normalized Weight of Iranian Newborns According to Gestational Age: A Nationwide Study.; BACKGROUND: By organizing birth weights according to gestational age at birth, reference weight values for different sex-gestational ages are provided. METHODS: Data of 1,090,779 mothers and their neonates were gathered from 30 provinces of Iran. Pregnancy complications, maternal risk factors, type of delivery, maternal outcome, neonatal sex and APGAR score were determined. Birth weights were quantified into 3rd, 50th and 97th centile. Regression analysis was used to estimate birth weight of neonates. RESULTS: Birth weight showed an enhancing trend with age; boys weighed more, multiparous women had higher neonatal birth weight, mothers with cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus had heavier infants, and mothers aged below 20 years had lower estimated infant birth weight. Gestational age (beta = 147.3) and male sex (beta = 114.9) were the most important independent variables, respectively for predicting birth weight (R-square = 0.512 and P < 0.001). In other words, with each unit increase in gestational age, birth weight would increase by 147.3 grams. Male fetuses were also 114.9 grams heavier than females of the same gestational age. Value of R-square shows relatively acceptable goodness of this statistical model. CONCLUSION: A national reference for fetal growth patterns and related factors was determined in this study.
Obesity can offset the cardiometabolic benefits of gestational exercise.; Pregnancy exercise can prevent excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (GH), but inter-individual variability has not been explored. We aimed to analyze the prevalence--and potential sociodemographic and medical predictors of--non-responsiveness to gestational exercise, and the association of non-responsiveness with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Among 688 women who completed a supervised light-to-moderate intensity exercise program (three ~1-h sessions/week including aerobic, resistance, and pelvic floor muscle training) until near-term, those who showed EGWG, GDM or GH were considered 'non-responders'. A low prevalence of non-responders was observed for GDM (3.6%) and GH (3.4%), but not for EGWG (24.2%). Pre-pregnancy obesity was the strongest predictor of non-responsiveness for GH (odds ratio 8.40 [95% confidence interval 3.10-22.78] and EGWG (5.37 [2.78-10.39]), whereas having a highest education level attenuated the risk of being non-responder for GDM (0.10 [0.02-0.49]). Non-responsiveness for EGWG was associated with a higher risk of prolonged labor length, instrumental/cesarean delivery, and macrosomia, and of lower Apgar scores. No association with negative delivery outcomes was found for GDM/GH. In summary, women with pre-pregnancy obesity might require from additional interventions beyond light-to-moderate intensity gestational exercise (e.g., diet and/or higher exercise loads) to ensure cardiometabolic benefits.
Fetal Doppler and behavioral responses during hypoglycemia induced with the insulin clamp technique in pregnant diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to assess human fetal behavior and fetal blood flow after insulin-induced symptomatic maternal hypoglycemia of sufficient magnitude to elicit counterregulatory hormones and a symptomatic response. STUDY DESIGN: Plasma glucose was lowered from approximately 95 mg/dl to 45 mg/dl in decrements of 10 mg/dl every 40 minutes with the insulin clamp technique. In 10 insulin-dependent diabetic women in the third trimester, the fetus was studied by monitoring fetal heart rate and recording fetal body and breathing movements and by performing Doppler waveform analysis with real-time ultrasonography. Maternal levels of glucagon, cortisol, epinephrine, and growth hormone were measured at each plasma glucose level. RESULTS: The mean number of fetal limb and body movements at the start of the study was 25 +/- 16 per 15 minutes, which increased to a mean of 38 +/- 28 at a glucose level of 60 mg/dl and then declined to a mean of 23 +/- 10 at a glucose level of approximately 45 mg/dl. These changes, however, did not achieve statistical significance. In addition, no significant reductions in fetal breathing movements or heart rate were observed, although maternal epinephrine and growth hormone levels were significantly (p < 0.001) increased. No consistent changes in Doppler velocity waveforms were observed. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that fetal well-being remains unaltered in spite of moderate maternal hypoglycemia in diabetic women.
Are serum levels of ADAMTS5, TAS and TOS at 24-28 gestational weeks associated with adverse perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetic women?; We aimed to determine the role of placental A Disintegrin and Metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs 5 (ADAMTS5), and maternal serum ADAMTS5, total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS) and oxidative stress index (OSI) levels at 24-28th gestational weeks in GDM. This study included 57 patients, who had been diagnosed as having GDM at their 24-28th gestational week, and 29 controls. The maternal blood samples were collected at the 24-28th gestational week and ADAMTS5 was studied with the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method, whereas an automated colorimetric method was used to study TAS, TOS, and OSI. The level of ADAMTS5 in maternal serum of patients with GDM were significantly lower than the controls (p = .017); whereas TOS and OSI levels were significantly higher (p = .003 and p = .008). Multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed ADAMTS5 and TOS levels were independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes (p = .004 and p = .018). We found that serum ADAMTS5 levels decreased and TOS level increased in GDM pregnant at 24-28th gestational weeks. In addition, we found that increased levels of serum ADAMTS5 and decreased TOS levels at 24-28th weeks were associated with adverse perinatal outcomes independent of the mode of treatment in GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. The insulin resistance, which starts at the 24-28th gestational weeks, increases during gestation. GDM increases maternal complications like preeclampsia, cesarean rate, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes after pregnancy; and neonatal complications like macrosomia, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, delivery trauma, shoulder dystocia, and adult-onset obesity, and diabetes.What the results of this study add? A significant relationship between ADAMTS5, TOS levels and adverse perinatal outcome. insulin resistance and was observed.What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Based on this finding, we concluded that increased levels of oxidative stress and decreased ADAMTS5 levels are associated with GDM and predictive for adverse perinatal outcomes. The results of the present study were consistent with the previous reports and indicated that increased oxidative stress in GDM patients are related to adverse perinatal outcomes.
Inflammation in maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of maternal obesity is rising rapidly worldwide and constitutes a major obstetric problem, increasing mortality and morbidity in both mother and offspring. Obese women are predisposed to pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and children of obese mothers are more likely to develop cardiovascular and metabolic disease in later life. Maternal obesity and GDM may be associated with a state of chronic, low-grade inflammation termed "metainflammation", as opposed to an acute inflammatory response. This inflammatory environment may be one mechanism by which offspring of obese women are programmed to develop adult disorders. METHODS: Herein we review the evidence that maternal obesity and GDM are associated with changes in the maternal, fetal and placental inflammatory profile. RESULTS: Maternal inflammation in obesity and GDM may not always be associated with fetal inflammation. CONCLUSION: We propose that the placenta 'senses' and adapts to the maternal inflammatory environment, and plays a central role as both a target and producer of inflammatory mediators. In this manner, maternal obesity and GDM may indirectly program the fetus for later disease by influencing placental function.
Primary atherothrombotic occlusive vascular events in premenopausal women with history of adverse pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with atherothrombotic occlusive vascular disease (AOVD) in premenopausal women. DESIGN: Retrospective matched case-control study. SETTING: Tertiary, university-affiliated medical center. POPULATION: Women aged less than 50 years treated for an AOVD (primary cerebrovascular, myocardial, or peripheral arterial ischemic event) from 1995 to 2004. METHOD: The files were reviewed for classical risk factors for AOVD and complications of pregnancy (abortions, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal loss and preterm delivery). Findings were compared with healthy women matched for age and body mass index. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Past pregnancy complications in premenopausal women with AOVD. RESULTS: Of the 101 women with AOVD, 53 had a myocardial ischemic event, 33 a cerebrovascular event, and 15 a peripheral ischemic arterial event. On multivariate analysis, IUGR (OR 8.41, 95% CI 2.36-29.9, p=0.001) and more than one pregnancy complication (OR 13.7, 95% CI 1.56-120, p=0.02) were found to be independent significant variables associated with AOVD. CONCLUSION: IUGR and composite pregnancy complications are independent significant variables associated with AOVD in premenopausal period. Pregnancy outcome might serve as a means to identify patients who may require increased medical surveillance and preventive measures for later vascular disease.
Perinatal maternal and neonatal outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus according to fetal sex.; BACKGROUND: Male sex is a well-known risk factor for unfavorable perinatal outcomes. Fetal sex has been considered only occasionally in diabetic pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to evaluate perinatal outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) according to fetal sex. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective review of all singleton pregnancies of women with GDM progressing to >22 weeks and delivering in our center between 1981 and 2007. Evaluated maternal characteristics included anthropometrics, obstetric history, GDM diagnosis characteristics (ie, gestational age, blood glucose values), HbA(1c) (after diagnosis and in the third trimester). Outcomes variables were cesarean section (CS), gestational hypertension, preterm birth, abnormal Apgar, large and small for gestational age newborns, obstetric trauma, major and minor malformations, neonatal hypoglycemia, jaundice, respiratory distress, polycythemia, hypocalcemia, perinatal mortality, and a composite outcome. We used a descriptive and multiple logistic regression analysis (backwards method). RESULTS: A total of 2299 pregnancies were included (1125 female and 1174 male infants). Maternal characteristics were essentially similar in male and female newborns. For outcomes, unadjusted figures were higher in pregnancies of male newborns in 14 of 16 perinatal outcomes, but significance was only reached for CS. The logistic regression analyses revealed male sex as an independent predictor of CS (odds ratio = 1.48; 95% CI, 1.15-1.90) and neonatal hypoglycemia (odds ratio = 2.13; 95% CI, 1.02-4.43). CONCLUSIONS: In this group of women with GDM, perinatal outcomes in pregnancies of male newborns differ in only 2 of 16 evaluated variables: an increased frequency of CS and neonatal hypoglycemia. Male newborns of mothers with GDM could benefit from increased awareness of neonatal hypoglycemia.
Risk factors of neonatal stroke from different origins: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Given the persistent ambiguity regarding the etiology of neonatal stroke across diverse origins, our objective was to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of both qualitative and quantitative risk factors. An exhaustive search of eight databases was executed to amass all pertinent observational studies concerning risk factors for neonatal stroke from various origins. Subsequent to independent screening, data extraction, and bias assessment by two researchers, a meta-analysis was conducted utilizing RevMan and Stata software. Nineteen studies, encompassing a total of 30 factors, were incorporated into this analysis. Beyond established risk factors, our investigation unveiled gestational diabetes (OR, 5.51; P < 0.00001), a history of infertility (OR, 2.44; P < 0.05), placenta previa (OR, 3.92; P = 0.02), postdates (OR, 2.07; P = 0.01), preterm labor (OR, 2.32; P < 0.00001), premature rupture of membranes (OR, 3.02; P = 0.007), a prolonged second stage of labor (OR, 3.94; P < 0.00001), and chorioamnionitis (OR, 4.35; P < 0.00001) as potential risk factors for neonatal cerebral arterial ischemic stroke. Additionally, postdates (OR, 4.31; P = 0.003), preterm labor (OR, 1.60; P < 0.00001), an abnormal CTG tracing (OR, 9.32; P < 0.0001), cesarean section (OR, 4.29; P = 0.0004), male gender (OR, 1.73; P = 0.02), and vaginal delivery (OR, 1.39; P < 0.00001) were associated with an elevated risk for neonatal hemorrhagic stroke. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides a succinct overview and comparative analysis of maternal, perinatal, and additional risk factors associated with neonatal cerebral artery ischemic stroke and neonatal hemorrhagic stroke, furnishing critical insights for healthcare practitioners involved in the diagnosis and prevention of neonatal stroke. This research also broadens the conceptual framework for future investigations. WHAT IS KNOWN: • Research indicates that prenatal, perinatal, and neonatal risk factors can elevate the risk of neonatal arterial ischemic stroke (NAIS). However, the risk factors for neonatal cerebral arterial ischemic stroke remain contentious, and those for neonatal hemorrhagic stroke (NHS) and neonatal cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) are still not well-defined. WHAT IS NEW: • This study is the inaugural comprehensive review and meta-analysis encompassing 19 studies that explore maternal, perinatal, and various risk factors linked to neonatal stroke of differing etiologies. Notably, our analysis elucidates eight risk factors associated with NAIS: gestational diabetes mellitus, a history of infertility, placenta previa, postdates, preterm birth, premature rupture of membranes, a prolonged second stage of labor, and chorioamnionitis. Furthermore, we identify six risk factors correlated with NHS: postdates, preterm birth, an abnormal CTG, the method of delivery, male gender, and vaginal delivery. Additionally, our systematic review delineates risk factors associated with CVST.
Association of Maternal Diabetes Mellitus and Polymorphisms of the NKX2.5 Gene in Children with Congenital Heart Disease: A Single Centre-Based Case-Control Study.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common birth defects among newborns, accounting for a large proportion of infant mortality worldwide. However, the mechanisms remain largely undefinable. This study aimed to investigate the association of CHD in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of NKX2.5. METHODS AND RESULTS: A case-control study of 620 mothers of CHD patients and 620 mothers of healthy children admitted to Hunan Children's Hospital from November 2017 to December 2019 was conducted. We collected the mothers' information by questionnaire and detected children's NKX2.5 variants with a MassARRAY system. The interaction coefficient (γ) was used to quantify the estimated gene-environment interactions. Univariate and multivariate analyses both showed that the infants had a higher risk of CHD if their mothers had a history of DM, including gestational DM (GDM) during this pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR = 4.98]), GDM in previous pregnancies (aOR = 4.30), and pregestational DM (PGDM) in the 3 months before this pregnancy (aOR = 6.78). Polymorphisms of the NKX2.5 gene at rs11802669 (C/C vs. T/T: aOR = 4.97; C/T vs. T/T: aOR = 2.15) and rs2277923 (T/T vs. C/C, aOR = 1.74; T/C vs. C/C, aOR = 1.61) were significantly associated with the risk of CHD in offspring. In addition, significant interactions between maternal DM and NKX2.5 genetic variants at rs11802669 (aOR = 8.12) and rs2277923 (aOR = 17.72) affecting the development of CHD were found. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that maternal DM, NKX2.5 genetic variants, and their interactions are significantly associated with the risk of CHD in offspring.
Reduced DHA transfer in diabetic pregnancies: mechanistic basis and long-term neurodevelopmental implications.; Infants born to diabetic mothers have a higher frequency of impaired neurodevelopment. The omega-3 or n-3 fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is an important structural component of neural tissue and is critical for fetal brain development. Maternal DHA supplementation during pregnancy is linked to better infant neurodevelopment; however, maternal-fetal transfer of DHA is reduced in women with diabetes. Evidence of mechanisms explaining altered maternal-fetal DHA transfer in this population is limited. This review explores existing evidence underpinning reduced maternal-fetal DHA transfer in maternal fuel metabolism in this population. Further research is necessary to evaluate the role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors in modulating placental fatty acid binding and maternal-fetal DHA transfer. Considerations for clinical practice include a diet high in DHA and/or provision of supplemental DHA to obstetric diabetic patients within minimum guidelines.
Metformin versus placebo from first trimester to delivery in polycystic ovary syndrome: a randomized, controlled multicenter study.; CONTEXT: Metformin is widely prescribed to pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in an attempt to reduce pregnancy complications. Metformin is not approved for this indication, and evidence for this practice is lacking. OBJECTIVES: Our objective was to test the hypothesis that metformin, from first trimester to delivery, reduces pregnancy complications in women with PCOS. DESIGN AND SETTING: We conducted a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multicenter study at 11 secondary care centers. PARTICIPANTS: The participants were 257 women with PCOS, in the first trimester of pregnancy, aged 18-42 yr. INTERVENTION: We randomly assigned 274 singleton pregnancies (in 257 women) to receive metformin or placebo, from first trimester to delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The prevalence of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and a composite of these three outcomes is reported. RESULTS: Preeclampsia prevalence was 7.4% in the metformin group and 3.7% in the placebo group (3.7%; 95% CI, -1.7-9.2) (P=0.18). Preterm delivery prevalence was 3.7% in the metformin group and 8.2% in the placebo group (-4.4%; 95%, CI, -10.1-1.2) (P=0.12). Gestational diabetes mellitus prevalence was 17.6% in the metformin group and 16.9% in the placebo group (0.8%; 95% CI, -8.6-10.2) (P=0.87). The composite primary endpoint prevalence was 25.9 and 24.4%, respectively (1.5%; 95% CI, -8.9-11.3) (P=0.78). Women in the metformin group gained less weight during pregnancy compared with those in the placebo group. There was no difference in fetal birth weight between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Metformin treatment from first trimester to delivery did not reduce pregnancy complications in PCOS.
Reduced prevalence of early preterm delivery in women with Type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria--possible effect of early antihypertensive treatment during pregnancy.; AIMS: In normotensive women with Type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria we previously found preterm delivery (< 34 weeks) in 23% of the pregnancies. Antihypertensive treatment was initiated in late pregnancy when preeclampsia was diagnosed and diastolic blood pressure > 90 mmHg. From April 2000 our routine was changed and early antihypertensive treatment with methyldopa was initiated if antihypertensive treatment was given prior to pregnancy, if urinary albumin excretion (UAE) was > 2 g/24 h, or blood pressure > 140/90 mmHg. The present study describes the impact of this more aggressive antiypertensive treatment in the prevalence of preterm delivery. METHODS: The old cohort (1995-1999) consisted of 26 and the new cohort (2000-2003) of 20 pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria. All were referred before gestational week 17. RESULTS: The cohorts were comparable with regard to age, diabetes duration, prepregnancy body mass index, HbA1c, blood pressure 121 (13)/71 (8) vs. 121 (14)/73 (8) mmHg [mean (sd)] and early UAE 69 (16-278) vs. 74 (30-287) mg/24 h (geometric mean and range). Antihypertensive treatment was initiated in the old cohort at 29 (20-33) weeks, n = 9, and in the new at 13 (0-34) weeks, n = 10. The prevalence of preterm delivery before 34 weeks was reduced from 23% to zero (P = 0.02), preterm delivery before 37 weeks from 62% to 40% (P = 0.15) and preeclampsia from 42% to 20% (P = 0.11). Perinatal mortality occurred in 4% vs. 0%. Birth weight was 3124 (767) g vs. 3279 (663) g. CONCLUSION: Introduction of early antihypertensive treatment with methyldopa in normotensive pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes and microalbuminuria resulted in a significant reduction in preterm delivery before gestational week 34.
Implications of new diagnostic criteria for abnormal glucose homeostasis in women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the consequences of applying revised American Diabetes Association (ADA) (1997) and World Health Organization (WHO) (1998) recommendations for the classification of glucose intolerance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: There were 192 women with previous GDM who took an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) 1-86 months after delivery and were classified by WHO (1985), ADA (1997, fasting glucose), and revised WHO (1998) guidelines. RESULTS: Among the 165 women without a preexisting diagnosis of diabetes, WHO-1985 and ADA-1997 provided similar estimates of diabetes prevalence (13.3% vs. 11.5%) but widely differing estimates of impaired glucose homeostasis (31.5% impaired glucose tolerance [IGT] by WHO-1985 vs. 10.9% impaired fasting glucose by ADA-1997 criteria). Overall, 56 women (34%) showed a classification discrepancy between WHO-1985 and ADA-1997 criteria, including 44 with normal fasting glucose by ADA-1997 criteria, but abnormal 2-h glucose by WHO-1985 criteria (40 IGT, 4 diabetes). The cardiovascular risk profile of these women was more favorable than that of 18 women with impaired fasting glucose. WHO-1998 recommendations reproduced ADA-1997 findings when used as a fasting screen, but behaved similarly to WHO-1985 criteria when 2-h glucose values were also analyzed. CONCLUSIONS: All criteria produced similar estimates of diabetes prevalence. However, analyses based on a single fasting glucose screen (and a threshold of 6.1 mmol/l) failed to identify 60% of women with abnormal 2-h glucose levels. Screening women with previous GDM (and by analogy, other groups at high risk of diabetes) with a single fasting glucose has low sensitivity for the detection of abnormal glucose tolerance. Recent guidelines recommending this approach require reevaluation.
Serum vitamin D insufficiency is related to blood pressure in diabetic pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Vitamin D deficiency in pregnancy has been associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia. However, the association between serum vitamin D and blood pressure in pregnant women has been scarcely evaluated, particularly in women with a high risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. We sought to evaluate the association between serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and blood pressure in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A cohort of 184 pregnant women with GDM was followed during the third trimester of pregnancy and early puerperium. Blood pressure was recorded in all prenatal visits, and serum vitamin D was measured by chemiluminescence immunoassay. Pearson's coefficients and multiple linear regressions were used to study predictors of blood pressure levels. RESULTS: Women with vitamin D insufficiency (<30ng/mL; n = 159) had higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure than the remaining participants. In white women (n = 136), serum vitamin D levels presented a significant negative correlation with systolic blood pressure at the beginning (r = -0.268; P = 0.002) and at the end of the third trimester (r = -0.203; P = 0.02), and vitamin D significantly affected systolic blood pressure after adjusting for confounders. This was not observed in women of other ethnicities. CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort of pregnant women with GDM, vitamin D insufficiency was associated with higher blood pressure, and in white women, serum vitamin D was an independent predictor of systolic blood pressure during pregnancy.
Perinatal Outcomes of Women Aged 50 Years and Above.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancies among women aged 40 and above are increasing in frequency. Nevertheless, little is known about the perinatal outcomes of women aged 50 years and above. The purpose of the study was to evaluate pregnancy outcomes in women at an extremely advanced maternal age of 50 years or above. STUDY DESIGN: In a population-based cohort study, perinatal outcomes of women aged 50 years and above were compared with pregnancies in women according to maternal age. All singleton deliveries that occurred between the years 1991 and 2014 in a tertiary medical center were included. We excluded fetuses with congenital anomalies and chromosomal abnormality. Logistic regression models were used to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period, 242,771 deliveries were included, of which 234,824 (96.7%) occurred in women aged < 40 years, 7,321 (3.0%) in women aged 40 to 44 years, 558 (0.2%) in women aged 45 to 49 years, and 68 (0.03%) in women aged 50 years and above. Maternal age of 50 years and above was noted as an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), low Apgar scores, and cesarean delivery. Nevertheless, among pregnancies of women aged 50, pregnancy outcomes including GDM, preterm delivery, cesarean delivery, lower Apgar scores at 5 minutes (<7), and perinatal mortality were not significantly different than pregnancy outcomes of women aged 40 to 49 years. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy at the maternal age of 50 years and older is independently associated with higher rates of GDM, cesarean delivery, and lower Apgar scores at 5 minutes; however, most perinatal complications were not higher compared with pregnant women aged 40 to 49 years. These findings suggest that while there is an increased risk of perinatal complications in pregnancies of women aged 40 years or above compared with younger women, there are no significant increased risks in women aged over 50 years.
High-saturated-fat diet induces gestational diabetes and placental vasculopathy in C57BL/6 mice.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a commonly encountered disorder of mid to late pregnancy that is characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. Gestational diabetes mellitus is thought to be multifactorial in origin and derives from both genetic and environmental factors. However, the mechanisms underlying GDM are incompletely understood; and current GDM animal models do not appear to closely mimic the clinical situation in humans. The present study used environmental exposure to high-saturated-fat diet (HFD) in an effort to develop a GDM mouse model that closely simulates metabolic abnormalities seen in human GDM. This model was then used to determine the contributions of HFD-induced placental oxidative stress (OS) and vascular dysregulation, which are observed in GDM patients and are believed to contribute to the pathogenesis of the disease. Pathologic manifestations of the disease were quantified by evaluating the extent of placental lipid peroxidation and by determining protective effects of dietary antioxidant quercetin supplementation to reduce HFD-associated placental OS. In this study, female C57BL/6 mice were fed HFD for 1 month before conception and throughout gestation to mimic chronic maternal fast food consumption. Maternal body weight increased from gestation day (GD) 0 to GD19 by 41% with HFD, as compared with 23% in control dams; HFD dams also developed insulin resistance (66% increase in plasma insulin and 27% increase in plasma glucose levels by GD10) as compared with control dams. Placentas from HFD GD19 dams demonstrated loss of trophoblasts and OS-mediated labyrinthine endothelial cellular damage, the latter of which was prevented with quercetin supplementation. Our findings suggest that prenatal HFD alters glucose metabolism and elevates placental OS, which are believed to collectively relate to improper formation of the conceptus and impaired birth outcome.
Behavioral effects of an intrauterine or neonatal diabetic environment in the rat.; Maternal diabetes during pregnancy may cause lasting effects on the psychoneurological development in the offspring. The aim of the present study was to investigate possible effects of an intrauterine or neonatal exposure to a diabetic environment on behavior during infancy and adulthood. On days 4 and 6 of age, offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats emitted higher numbers of ultrasound calls compared to control offspring. Neonatally streptozotocin-treated rats explored their environment by diminished sniffing and rearing intensity compared to control rats. However, in adult life neither of these rat groups displayed behavioral differences compared to their respective control group. The results suggest that development of basic behavioral patterns in the rat proceed almost normally despite exposure to a diabetic environment in the early embryonic period or in early infancy.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy and the assessment of umbilical artery waveforms using pulsed Doppler ultrasonography.; The utility of Doppler ultrasonography as a means of assessing potential alterations of vascular resistance prior to fetal or maternal compromise is very attractive. We investigated this relationship by prospectively performing Doppler studies of the fetal umbilical artery in 56 diabetic patients, 14 of whom had varying degrees of vascular complications. When regression curves were established for the S/D ratio, the Pourcelot index, and the resistance index of the fetal umbilical artery, the mean Doppler values were higher in diabetic patients with vasculopathy than in nondiabetic control patients or in diabetic patients without vasculopathy. The third trimester S/D ratio was greater than 3.0 in almost 50% of patients with vasculopathy. A tendency toward adverse outcomes was observed at S/D ratios approaching 4.0. Statistically significant correlations were found between elevated Doppler indices and maternal vasculopathy associated with hypertension and worsening renal insufficiency. Intrauterine growth retardation and neonatal metabolic complications were also significantly correlated with elevated Doppler indices. There was, however, no correlation between Doppler indices and glucose values, although most were within a euglycemic range. The aforementioned data indicate an increased resistance circuit among diabetics with vasculopathy, which may reflect a relative reduction in basal uteroplacental blood flow and the need for cautious interpretation of Doppler indices in these patients.
Contraception counseling, pregnancy intention and contraception use in women with medical problems: an analysis of data from the Maryland Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS).; BACKGROUND: Data from the Maryland Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS) were used to evaluate whether women with selected medical comorbidities are less likely than healthier women to report receiving contraceptive counseling during pregnancy and to report using contraception postpartum. METHODS: We analyzed de-identified data from the 2004-2007 Maryland PRAMS using logistic regression to evaluate these outcomes: undesired pregnancy, self-reported antepartum contraceptive counseling and postpartum contraceptive use for women with and without hypertension, diabetes or heart disease. Survey data were used to estimate response frequency within the Maryland birth population. RESULTS: Patient self-report of contraceptive use increased overall during the postpartum period as compared to the antepartum period, from 44.3%-90.1% (p<.001). Almost one fourth (23%) of 6361 respondents reported receiving no contraceptive counseling. There was no difference in reported contraceptive counseling in women with selected medical comorbidities as compared to those without, and only women with preconception diabetes mellitus were significantly less likely than healthier women to report postpartum contraceptive use. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, there was no difference in the report of receiving contraceptive counseling in women with selected medical comorbidities as compared to than those without. In addition, they were not more likely to report receiving contraceptive counseling either despite higher risk of pregnancy complications. These results indicate lost opportunities for effective counseling that could improve health outcomes.
Fasting glucose concentrations and associations with reproductive history over 40 years of follow-up.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the onset or first recognition of diabetes that occurs during pregnancy. We aimed to assess for trends in fasting blood glucose levels across the life-course among a cohort of women by reproductive history: nulligravid women, gravid women with and without a history of GDM. Women who had participated in the Bogalusa Heart Study as children were interviewed about their reproductive history, including GDM (n = 358). We compared fasting blood glucose (mg/dL) measured after last pregnancy (or after age 40 among nulligravid women) across reproductive history groups in linear models adjusted for prepregnancy fasting blood glucose, body mass index, race, parity, and age at outcome measure. We fit a log-Poisson model to estimate the associations with prediabetes risk after age 40. After adjustments, mean fasting glucose after age 40 was not different between gravid women without GDM history and nulligravid women. However, women with a history of GDM had mean fasting glucose 27 mg/dL greater than nulligravid women (95% CI = 12.35, 41.64). Heterogeneity by race indicated Black women with a history of GDM had disproportionately elevated mean fasting glucose after age 40. Fasting blood glucose trends over the life-course differ among women by reproductive history and race.
Insulin resistance.; Insulin resistance is one of the most important causes of premature death in developed countries (Turtle 2000). In this article, Alison Jeffery examines the basic pathology of insulin resistance and its effect on metabolic health. The role of the nurse is discussed in relation to prevention, health promotion and drug treatments for the management of this condition.
Hypothalamic insulin and neuropeptide Y in the offspring of gestational diabetic mother rats.; The offspring of diabetic mothers is at increased risk to develop obesity and diabetogenic disturbances during life. Pathophysiological mechanisms responsible are unclear. Neuropeptide Y (NPY) is an important hypothalamic stimulator of food intake and body weight gain, and its levels are decreased by elevated insulin. In neonatally hyperinsulinaemic offspring of diabetic mother rats, hypothalamic insulin level was significantly increased at birth (p < 0.01). At weaning, i.e. at the end of the critical hypothalamic differentiation period, a significantly increased number of NPY-positive neurons (p < 0.01) appeared in the arcuate hypothalamic nucleus. In conclusion, an increase in the number of NPYergic neurons in the hypothalamus, possibly due to hypothalamic malformation and/or perinatally acquired hypothalamic insulin resistance, might contribute to the development of obesity and metabolic disturbances in the offspring of diabetic mothers.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Is Strongly Associated With Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.; OBJECTIVES: Insulin resistance is central to the development of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an early marker of insulin resistance. We hypothesized that a history of GDM would identify women at higher risk of NAFLD in middle age. METHODS: Women from the multicenter Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) cohort study who delivered ≥1 birth, were free of diabetes prior to pregnancy(ies), and underwent CT quantification of hepatic steatosis 25 years following cohort entry (Y25: 2010-2011) were included (n=1,115). History of GDM by self-report, validated in a subsample by review of antenatal glucose testing, and metabolic risk factors were assessed prospectively. NAFLD was defined by liver attenuation (LA)≤40 Hounsfield Units on CT scan after exclusion of other causes of hepatic steatosis. RESULTS: Of 1,115 women meeting selection criteria (57% black, 43% white, median age 25 years at baseline), 124 (11%) reported a history of GDM and 75 (7%) met the CT definition for NAFLD at year 25. The crude risk of NAFLD at the 25-year visit was significantly higher in women with GDM compared to those without (14 vs. 5.8%, OR: 2.56, 95% CI: 1.44-4.55, P<0.01). History of GDM remained associated with NAFLD (OR: 2.29, 95% CI: 1.23-4.27, P=0.01) after adjustment for covariates in multivariable logistic regression. Addition of incident diabetes mellitus (DM) into the final model attenuated the association between GDM and NAFLD (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 0.73-3.02, P=0.28). CONCLUSION: GDM is a risk marker for NAFLD and represents an opportunity to identify women at risk for NAFLD at a young age and may be mediated by the development of incident DM.
Effect of gestational disorders on preterm birth, low birthweight, and NICU admission.; OBJECTIVE: Many modifiable maternal behaviors and experiences before and during pregnancy are associated with adverse health outcomes. The relationship between a number of maternal and gestational disorders and perinatal outcomes (preterm birth, low birth weight and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU)) admission in the Central New York population is determined using the Statewide Perinatal Data System, in a retrospective population-based cohort study. METHODS: Singleton births excluding newborns with congenital anomalies among 165,739 women between 2004 and 2012 are included in this study. Multivariable logistic regression analysis is used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) adjusted for maternal age, race, education, employment, parity, body mass index, smoking, drug use, depression, abortions, gender of child, prenatal care, and hospital level. RESULTS: Previous preterm birth and vaginal bleeding are independent high-risk factors for all three perinatal outcomes, pre-pregnancy diabetes (OR 4.95, 95% CI 4.34, 5.64) for preterm birth and (OR 7.45, 95% CI 6.58, 8.44) for NICU admission; and gestational hypertension (OR 4.35, 95% CI 4.03, 4.70) for low birth weight. Among infections, bacterial vaginosis is retained in the multivariable model as a risk factor for preterm and low birth weight while hepatitis C is a risk factor for NICU admission. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest the continued importance of addressing the need to provide preconception and inter conception care for women since many modifiable risk factors are correlated and need to be addressed well before the woman becomes pregnant.
Parity and incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; PURPOSE: To examine prospectively the association between parity and subsequent incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Most previous studies have not controlled for potential confounding by age and obesity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a prospective cohort study, 113,606 United States registered nurses aged 30 to 55 years and free of diagnosed diabetes, coronary heart disease, stroke, and cancer at baseline were followed for 12 years. Endpoint was incidence of confirmed NIDDM. RESULTS: During 1,278,188 person-years of follow-up, we confirmed 2,310 incident cases of NIDDM. An apparent association between parity and diabetes was observed in unadjusted analyses (relative risk = 1.56 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.27 to 1.91] among women with six or more births compared with that in nulliparous women) (p, trend less than 0.00001). This association was attenuated after adjustment for age (relative risk = 1.19 [CI 0.97 to 1.48], p, trend = 0.06) and was completely abolished after adjustment for both age and body mass index (relative risk = 0.95 [CI 0.75 to 1.19], p, trend = 0.19). Multivariate adjustment for family history of diabetes, age at first birth, hormone use, and other variables did not materially alter these findings. There was no important modifying effect of family history of diabetes on these associations. CONCLUSIONS: Despite a temporary diabetogenic effect of pregnancy, parity is not associated with an increased risk of subsequent clinical NIDDM. These data underscore the importance of control for confounding by age and obesity in evaluating these associations.
Nut Consumption and Renal Function Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Nut intake has been associated with reduced cardiometabolic risk, but few studies have examined its association with renal function. We examined associations between nut intake and renal function among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a population with an increased risk for renal dysfunction. DESIGN AND METHODS: This study included 607 women with a history of GDM who participated in the Diabetes & Women's Health Study (2012-2014) follow-up clinical examination in Denmark. At the clinic, biospecimens were collected, and habitual intake of nuts (9 types) in the past year was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire. A total of 330 women free of major chronic diseases were included in the analysis. Total nut intake was classified as none (≤1 serving/month), monthly (2-3 servings/month), weekly (1-6 servings/week), and daily (≥1 serving/day). One serving was defined as 28 g. Renal function markers included estimated glomerular rate (eGFR) and urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), calculated based on plasma creatinine (mg/dL), and urinary albumin (mg/L), and creatinine (mg/dL) measurements, respectively. We estimated percent differences with 95% confidence intervals for each outcome by nut intake, adjusted for current body mass index, age, physical activity, energy intake, alcohol consumption, and vegetables intake. RESULTS: We observed a nonlinear association between total nut intake and UACR with lowest UACR values among women with weekly intake. Compared to women with weekly intake (n = 222), the adjusted UACR values were higher by 86% [95% confidence interval: 15%, 202%], 24% [-1%, 54%], and 117% [22%, 288%] among women with no (n = 13), monthly (n = 86), and daily (n = 9) intake, respectively. Compared to weekly consumers, daily nut consumers also had 9% [0%, 19%] significantly higher eGFR values, but eGFR values were similar among women with no and monthly intake. CONCLUSION: Moderate nut consumption may be beneficial to kidney health among women with prior GDM.
Mesenchyme Homeobox 2 Enhances Migration of Endothelial Colony Forming Cells Exposed to Intrauterine Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) during pregnancy has long-lasting implications for the fetus, including cardiovascular morbidity. Previously, we showed that endothelial colony forming cells (ECFCs) from DM human pregnancies have decreased vasculogenic potential. Here, we evaluate whether the molecular mechanism responsible for this phenotype involves the transcription factor, Mesenchyme Homeobox 2 (MEOX2). In human umbilical vein endothelial cells, MEOX2 upregulates cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor expression, resulting in increased senescence and decreased proliferation. We hypothesized that dysregulated MEOX2 expression in neonatal ECFCs from DM pregnancies decreases network formation through increased senescence and altered cell cycle progression. Our studies show that nuclear MEOX2 is increased in ECFCs from DM pregnancies. To determine if MEOX2 is sufficient and/or required to induce impaired network formation, MEOX2 was overexpressed and depleted in ECFCs from control and DM pregnancies, respectively. Surprisingly, MEOX2 overexpression in control ECFCs resulted in increased network formation, altered cell cycle progression, and increased senescence. In contrast, MEOX2 knockdown in ECFCs from DM pregnancies led to decreased network formation, while cell cycle progression and senescence were unaffected. Importantly, migration studies demonstrated that MEOX2 overexpression increased migration, while MEOX2 knockdown decreased migration. Taken together, these data suggest that altered migration may be mediating the impaired vasculogenesis of ECFCs from DM pregnancies. While initially believed to be maladaptive, these data suggest that MEOX2 may serve a protective role, enabling increased vessel formation despite exposure to a DM intrauterine environment. J. Cell. Physiol. 232: 1885-1892, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
[Developmental aspects of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy].; The course of diabetic retinopathy (DR) was studied in 93 pregnant patients. Results were compared with data from 98 diabetic non pregnant women. Worsening of initial retinal lesions was observed in 16% of the pregnant group whereas only 6% of the control group showed a similar aggravation. The difference between the two groups was statistically significant (p < 0.05). Argon laser panretinal photocoagulation of pre-proliferative and proliferative DR resulted in no subsequent DR-induced complications. On the other hand, the risk of appearance of DR and/or its worsening during pregnancy depends on initial network but mostly on the duration of diabetes mellitus. In conclusion, regular ophthalmologic examination of diabetic patients especially during pregnancy seems crucial for the early screening of any worsening. Furthermore, the importance of pregnancy planning is emphasized.
A case of nephrotic syndrome and renal dysfunction in a pregnant woman with diabetes mellitus.; A 29-year-old diabetic woman who developed severe anaemia, nephrotic syndrome, and hypertension before the 28th week of gestation, had residual evidence of toxaemia and renal dysfunction more than 1 month following delivery. The histopathological findings of renal biopsy specimens were considered most consistent with toxaemia of pregnancy complicated by diabetic glomerulosclerosis. We consider that rapid acceleration of renal dysfunction may have been induced by: (1) poor control of diabetes before pregnancy; (2) glomerular hyperfiltration of the remnant nephrons throughout pregnancy; (3) hypercoagulopathy associated with pregnancy; (4) appearance of hypertension following these three conditions.
Macular blood flow during pregnancy in patients with early diabetic retinopathy measured by blue-field entoptic simulation.; PURPOSE: To study macular capillary blood flow velocity during pregnancy and postpartum in diabetic women with minimal diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: Macular capillary blood velocity was measured using the blue-field entoptic simulation technique in 17 type I diabetic pregnant women with minimal background retinopathy and 10 healthy pregnant women at the 12th and 32nd-36th weeks of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery. Red-free fundus photography was also performed at all visits. RESULTS: Capillary blood velocities at the 12th week of pregnancy were 1.09 +/- 0.37 mm/s in the diabetic women and 0.81 +/- 0.21 mm/s in the controls(P = 0.017), at the 32nd week 0.93 +/- 0.19 mm/s and 0.94 +/- 0.24 mm/s (P = 0.880), and 3 months postpartum 0.98 +/- 0.25 mm/s and 0.75 +/- 0.17 mm/s (P = 0.016), respectively. Analysis of variance indicated that there was a significant difference in leukocyte velocities during the course of pregnancy, with the flow being constantly elevated in diabetic women, but increasing by term in nondiabetic women (P = 0.039). Capillary flow velocity showed a statistically non-significant tendency to be higher in patients with HbA1c levels > 6.4%. Capillary flow velocity levels were not connected with changes in the number of microaneurysms. Capillary leukocyte density in the pregnant diabetic women did not differ from that of nondiabetic pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that during pregnancy there is a difference in retinal capillary blood flow between diabetic women with minimal background retinopathy and normal women. The lack of increase in blood flow in macular capillaries during diabetic pregnancy may reflect redistribution of retinal capillary flow during diabetic pregnancy or be due to altered rheological properties of blood components in diabetic pregnancy.
Obstetric hospitalizations in the United States for women with systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the national occurrence of pregnancies in women with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and to compare pregnancy outcomes in these patients with those in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) and with the general obstetric population. METHODS: We studied the 2002 Nationwide Inpatient Sample of the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project to estimate the number of obstetric hospitalizations, deliveries, and cesarean deliveries in women with SLE, RA, pregestational DM, and the general obstetric population. Pregnancy outcomes included length of hospital stay, hypertensive disorders including preeclampsia, premature rupture of membranes, and intrauterine growth restriction. RESULTS: Of an estimated 4.04 million deliveries, 3,264 occurred in women with SLE, 1,425 in women with RA, and 13,574 in women with pregestational DM. Women with SLE, RA, and pregestational DM had significantly increased rates of hypertensive disorders compared with the general obstetric population (23.2%, 11.1%, 27.4%, and 7.8%, respectively), longer hospital stays, and significantly higher risk of cesarean delivery. Although women with SLE, RA, and pregestational DM were significantly older than women in the general obstetric population, disparities in the risk of adverse outcomes of pregnancy remained statistically significant after adjustment for maternal age. CONCLUSION: To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine national data on pregnancy outcomes in women with common rheumatic diseases. As with underlying pregestational DM, women with SLE and RA appear to have a higher age-adjusted risk of adverse outcomes of pregnancy and longer hospital stays than do pregnant women in the general population, and careful antenatal monitoring should be performed.
Engineering bioactive nanoparticles to rejuvenate vascular progenitor cells.; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including type-2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through stress-induced dysfunction of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Although several approaches have been previously explored to restore endothelial function, their widespread adoption remains tampered by systemic side effects of adjuvant drugs and unintended immune response of gene therapies. Here, we report a strategy to rejuvenate circulating vascular progenitor cells by conjugation of drug-loaded liposomal nanoparticles directly to the surface of GDM-exposed ECFCs (GDM-ECFCs). Bioactive nanoparticles can be robustly conjugated to the surface of ECFCs without altering cell viability and key progenitor phenotypes. Moreover, controlled delivery of therapeutic drugs to GDM-ECFCs is able to normalize transgelin (TAGLN) expression and improve cell migration, which is a critical key step in establishing functional vascular networks. More importantly, sustained pseudo-autocrine stimulation with bioactive nanoparticles is able to improve in vitro and in vivo vasculogenesis of GDM-ECFCs. Collectively, these findings highlight a simple, yet promising strategy to rejuvenate GDM-ECFCs and improve their therapeutic potential. Promising results from this study warrant future investigations on the prospect of the proposed strategy to improve dysfunctional vascular progenitor cells in the context of other chronic diseases, which has broad implications for addressing various cardiovascular complications, as well as advancing tissue repair and regenerative medicine.
Associations of body composition and physical fitness with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in pregnancy: Results from the HealthyMoms trial.; The aim of this study was to examine associations of body composition (fat mass index, % fat mass, fat-free mass index, body mass index) and physical fitness (cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength) with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in early pregnancy. This cross-sectional study utilized baseline data (n = 303) collected in early pregnancy from the HealthyMoms trial. Body composition was measured using air-displacement plethysmography, cardiorespiratory fitness was assessed by means of the 6-min walk test and handgrip strength using a dynamometer. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) for gestational diabetes as well as high (defined as 1 SD above the mean) blood pressure, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and metabolic syndrome score (MetS score) per 1 SD increase in body composition and fitness variables. Fat mass index, % fat mass and body mass index were all strongly associated with gestational diabetes (ORs: 1.72-2.14, P ≤ 0.003), HOMA-IR (ORs: 3.01-3.80, P < 0.001), blood pressure (ORs: 1.81-2.05, P < 0.001) and MetS score (ORs: 3.29-3.71, P < 0.001). Associations with fat-free mass index were considerably weaker (ORs: 1.26-1.82, P = 0.001-0.15) and were strongly attenuated after adjustments for fat mass index (ORs: 0.88-1.54, P = 0.039-0.68). Finally, greater cardiorespiratory fitness was associated with lower risk of high HOMA-IR and MetS score (ORs: 0.57-0.63, P  ≤ 0.004) although these associations were attenuated when accounting for fat mass index (ORs: 1.08-1.11, P ≥ 0.61). In conclusion, accurately measured fat mass index or % fat mass were strongly associated with gestational diabetes risk and markers of cardiovascular health although associations were not stronger than the corresponding ones for body mass index. Fat-free mass index had only weak associations with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health which support that the focus during clinical care would be on excess fat mass and not fat-free mass.
The potential causal effect of the pre-pregnancy dietary phytochemical index on gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Phytochemicals are non-nutritive bioactive compounds with beneficial effects on the metabolism of glucose. This study aimed to clarify the possible causal effect of the pre-pregnancy dietary phytochemical index (DPI) on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this prospective cohort study 1,856 pregnant women aged 18-45 years who were in their first trimester, were recruited and followed up until delivery. The dietary intakes of participants were examined using an interviewer-administered validated 168-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Inverse probability weighting (IPW) of propensity scores (PS), estimated from the generalized boosted model (GBM) were used to obtain a adjusted risk ratio (aRR) for potential confounders. RESULTS: During the follow-up period, 369 (19.88%) women were diagnosed with GDM. DPI scores ranged from 6.09 to 89.45. There was no association between DPI scores and GDM (aRR: 1.01, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.92, 1.08; p trend = 0.922). When comparing DPI quartile 4 (most pro-phytochemical content) to quartile 1 (few phytochemical contents), there was no significant difference between them (aRR: 0.97; 95% CI: 0.75, 1.25; p = 0.852). Also, there was no significant difference between DPI quartile 3 and quartile 1 (aRR: 1.04; 95% CI: 0.81, 1.34; p = 0.741) as well as DPI quartile 2 and quartile 1 (aRR: 0.92; 95% CI: 0.71, 1.21; p = 0.593). CONCLUSIONS: Although this data did not support the association between pre-pregnancy DPI scores and GDM, further cohort studies to ascertain the causal association between them are warranted.
Preconception venous thromboembolism and placenta-mediated pregnancy complications.; BACKGROUND: Placenta-mediated complications are leading causes of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. We hypothesized that a preconception history of venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with increased risk of placenta-mediated pregnancy complications. METHODS: A nationwide population-based cohort study of all singleton pregnancies leading to delivery from 1997 to 2012 (n = 964 967). We obtained data on placenta-mediated pregnancy complications from the Danish Medical Birth Registry and data on VTE before pregnancy from the Danish National Patient Registry. We computed absolute risks, crude and adjusted risk differences (RDs) using a binomial regression model, and crude and adjusted risk ratios (RRs) from a modified Poisson regression model. RESULTS: Overall, 1419 women had a preconception history of VTE, while 578 112 did not. Preeclampsia occurred in 4.2% of pregnancies in the VTE group and in 2.7% of pregnancies in a comparison cohort (adjusted RD = 1.3%, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.6-2.0%; adjusted RR = 1.5, 95% CI 1.3-1.8). Stillbirth occurred in 0.7% of pregnancies in the VTE group and in 0.4% of pregnancies in the comparison cohort (adjusted RD = 0.3%, 95% CI 0.02-0.6%; adjusted RR = 1.8, 95% CI 1.1-3.0). Placental abruption occurred in 0.8% of pregnancies in the VTE group and in 0.5% of pregnancies in the comparison cohort (adjusted RD = 0.3%, 95% CI - 0.05-0.6%; adjusted RR = 1.6, 95% CI 1.1-2.4). Small-for-gestational-age infants accounted for 10.9% of live births in the VTE group and 9.8% of live births in the comparison cohort (adjusted RD = 0.6%, 95% CI - 0.5-1.7%; adjusted RR = 1.1, 95% CI 0.9-1.3). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of VTE were at increased risk of placenta-mediated complications.
Delayed effects of experimental maternal diabetes on plasma cholesterol level and vascular prostacyclin synthesis in the offspring.; The effect of streptozotocin-induced diabetes during pregnancy in rats on prostacyclin synthesis in aorta and heart of offsprings was investigated. Although the aortic and heart syntheses of 6-keto-PGF1 alpha in the offsprings of diabetic rats were not altered at birth, a significant rise in aorta and a decrease in the heart were evident at weaning. At weaning, offsprings of diabetic rats also show a significant rise in plasma cholesterol. These studies show that maternal diabetes might cause effects in the offspring which might become evident in later life.
Letrozole-stimulated endometrial preparation protocol is a superior alternative to hormone replacement treatment for frozen embryo transfer in women with polycystic ovary syndrome, a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The current routine endometrial preparation protocol for women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is hormone replacement treatment (HRT). Letrozole is rarely used in frozen embryo cycles. Evidence confirming whether letrozole-stimulated (LS) protocol is suitable for frozen embryo transfer in patients with PCOS and for whom is suitable remains lacking. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study involving all frozen embryo transfer cycles with LS and HRT for PCOS during the period from Jan 2019 to December 2020 at a tertiary care center. Multivariate Logistic regression was used to analyze the differences in clinical pregnancy rate, live birth rate, miscarriage rate, the incidence of other pregnancy and obstetric outcomes between LS and HRT protocols after adjusting for possible confounding factors. Subgroup analysis was used to explore the population for which LS protocol was suitable. RESULTS: The results of multivariate logistic regression showed that LS was significantly associated with a higher clinical pregnancy rate (70.9% vs. 64.4%;aOR:1.41, 95%CI: 1.18,1.68), live birth rate (60.5% vs. 51.4% aOR:1.49, 95%CI: 1.27,1.76), and a lower risk of miscarriage (14.7% vs. 20.1% aOR: 0.68, 95%CI: 0.53,0.89), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (6.7% vs. 8.9% aOR: 0.63, 95%CI: 0.42,0.95), and gestational diabetes mellitus (16.7% vs. 20.7% aOR:0.71, 95%CI: 0.53,0.93) than HRT. There were no significant differences in other outcomes such as preterm birth, cesarean delivery, small for gestational age, or large for gestational age between the two endometrial preparation protocols. Subgroup analysis showed that LS had higher live birth rates than HRT in most of the subgroups; in the three subgroups of maternal age ≥ 35 years, menstrual cycle < 35 days, and no insulin resistance, the live birth rates of the two endometrial preparation protocols were comparable. CONCLUSIONS: LS protocol could improve the live birth rate and reduce the incidence of miscarriage, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus in patients with PCOS. LS protocol is suitable for all types of patients with PCOS. LS should be considered the preferred endometrial preparation protocol for women with PCOS.
Gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and cytokine release: similarities and differences in endothelial cell function.; Gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia as well as intra-uterine infection during pregnancy affects the function of the endothelium both in the mother and the fetus leading to endothelial dysfunction. Gestational diabetes is also associated with an increased incidence of pre-eclampsia and it is likely that both the hyperglycemia as well as the release of cytokines especially TNFα during hyperglycemia may play an important role in the pathogenesis of endothelial dysfunction leading to preeclampsia. Similarly, some but not all studies have suggested that infection of the mother under certain circumstances can also lead to preeclampsia as women with either a bacterial or viral infection were at a higher risk of developing preeclampsia, compared to women without infection and infection also leads to a release in TNFα. Endothelial cells exposed to either high glucose or TNFα leads to an increase in the production of H2O2 and to a decrease in endothelial cell proliferation. The cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in this phenomenon are discussed.Gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia as well as intra-uterine infection during pregnancy has profound effects on the fetus and long term effects on the neonate. All three conditions affect the function of the endothelium both in the mother and the fetus leading to endothelial dysfunction. Gestational diabetes is also associated with an increased incidence of pre-eclampsia and it is likely that both the hyperglycemia as well as the release of cytokines especially TNFα during hyperglycemia may play an important role in the pathogenesis of endothelial dysfunction leading to preeclampsia. It has also been suggested although not universally accepted that under certain circumstances maternal infection may also predispose to pre-eclampsia. Pre-eclampsia is also associated with the release of TNFα and endothelial dysfunction. However, the cellular and molecular mechanism(s) leading to the endothelial dysfunction by either hyperglycemia or by the cytokine TNFα appear to be different. In this chapter, we explore some of the similarities and differences leading to endothelial dysfunction by both hyperglycemia and by the inflammatory cytokine TNFα and the cellular and molecular mechanism(s) involved.
Fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancy. I. Predictive value of the nonstress test.; Ninety-nine consecutive diabetic pregnancies (101 infants) were monitored with altogether 2672 nonstress tests (NSTs) from about 30 weeks of gestation until parturition. In 96% of the women the last NST was performed within 2 days of delivery. Fifty-nine percent had normal NSTs throughout pregnancy. Only 3.7% of the 2 672 tests were classified as pathological. When performed within 2 days antepartum, a normal NST predicted the 1-min Apgar score to be greater than or equal to 7 in 92%, and at 5 and 10 min in 99%. When all NSTs ever performed were included, the predictive value improved to 100%. The baby's first cry within 1 min after birth was predicted in 96%. Furthermore, the predictive value of a normal NST regarding the absence of ominous intrapartum cardiotocographic (CTG) patterns, normal pulmonary function and normal metabolic balance, was about 80%. The perinatal mortality was 1%. The specificity was in general good (86-96%), whereas the predictive value of pathological tests and the sensitivity almost without exception were poor. It is concluded that the very low rate of pathological NSTs indicates that obstetric interventions were made soon after the occurrence of the first sign of fetal jeopardy. Only then, and with meticulous care, is it possible to obtain good results. A normal NST is an excellent predictor of a normal Apgar score at 5 and 10 min, and also very good for a normal 1-min Apgar and an early cry from the baby. The predictive value is quite acceptable concerning the intrapartum CTG and the neonatal course likewise regarding the pulmonary function and metabolic balance.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Association of maternal polycystic ovary syndrome and diabetes with preterm birth and offspring birth size: a population-based cohort study.; STUDY QUESTION: Is the presence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) associated with more adverse infant outcomes in mothers with different types of diabetes? SUMMARY ANSWER: The presence of PCOS implies higher risks of total (medically indicated and spontaneously combined) and spontaneous preterm birth in mothers with non-insulin-treated type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and lower risk of offspring being large for gestational age (LGA) in mothers with insulin-treated diabetes. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: PCOS is suggested to be an independent risk factor for adverse infant outcomes, and it is highly prevalent in mothers with diabetes. However, the impact of PCOS on the associations of different types of maternal diabetes with preterm birth and offspring birth sizes has not been reported. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This is a population-based cohort study including all live births between 1996 and 2014 in Finland. Children with concurrent maternal diagnoses that could cause signs and symptoms similar to PCOS were excluded. A total of 1 097 753 children were included. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: National registries were linked to identify births with maternal PCOS (n = 24 682), stratified by diabetes types. Logistic regression was used to examine the association of maternal PCOS and comorbid insulin-treated diabetes, non-insulin-treated type 2 diabetes or GDM with offspring LGA and small for gestational age (SGA). Generalized estimating equation was used to assess the risk of preterm birth in relation to maternal PCOS and diabetes. Potential interaction between PCOS and diabetes was evaluated on both additive and multiplicative scales. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Using mothers with no PCOS and no diabetes as the reference and adjusting for maternal and birth factors, there were higher risks of total (odds ratio (OR) 2.84, 95% CI 2.21 - 3.66 vs. OR 1.91, 95% CI 1.77 - 2.07, P = 0.01) and spontaneous (OR 4.02, 95% CI 2.94 - 5.50 vs. OR 2.35, 95% CI 2.13 - 2.59, P = 0.001) preterm birth for those with PCOS in mothers with non-insulin-treated type 2 diabetes and higher risks of total (OR 1.42, 95% CI 1.27-1.58 vs. OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.86-0.91, P = 0.0001) and spontaneous (OR 1.80, 95% CI 1.59-2.05 vs. OR 1.01, 95% CI 0.98-1.05, P = 0.0001) preterm birth for those with PCOS in mothers with GDM. Among mothers with type 2 diabetes, further adjusting for maternal BMI eliminated the difference in preterm birth risks between those with and those without PCOS, and adjustment for infertility treatment and pre-eclampsia also reduced the preterm risks associated with PCOS significantly. For mothers with GDM, however, the risks of total and spontaneous preterm birth remained higher for those with PCOS following these aforementioned adjustments or stratified analysis. The risk of offspring being LGA was lower for those with PCOS than those without PCOS among mothers with insulin-treated diabetes (OR 18.90, 95% CI 14.21-25.14 vs. OR 32.04, 95% CI 29.79-34.46, P = 0.0001), showing departure from additivity (relative excess risk due to interaction -11.74, 95% CI -16.17 to -7.31, P < 0.001) and multiplicativity (P < 0.001). PCOS did not alter the risk estimate of preterm birth in mothers with insulin-treated diabetes or offspring LGA and SGA in mothers with type 2 diabetes or GDM. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The register-based diagnoses used in this study captured only women with PCOS seeking medical care and having live births. Including female infertility associated with anovulation as PCOS exposure was a risk for misclassification. Sample sizes for pregestational diabetes were small. Insulin purchase during pregnancy in those without a diabetes diagnosis was not accounted for in the analysis. For patients treated with insulin or other medications, we were unable to assess how they complied with such prescriptions. Also, maternal BMI was recorded only once in early pregnancy, thus the potential influence of gestational weight gain on birth outcomes could not be examined. Data on the causes for preterm birth were not available from the registers. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The presence of PCOS implied higher risks of total and spontaneous preterm birth in mothers with type 2 diabetes or GDM, and lower risk of offspring being LGA in mothers with insulin-treated diabetes. The higher risks of preterm birth added by PCOS could be explained by prepregnancy BMI or in part by infertility treatment and pre-eclampsia in maternal non-insulin-treated type 2 diabetes, but not in maternal GDM. The differential effects of PCOS on the associations of different types of maternal diabetes with infant outcomes have implications for preventative strategies and clinical counseling for affected pregnancies. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was supported by Shandong Provincial Natural Science Foundation, China (ZR2020MH064 to X.C.), Shandong Province Medical and Health Technology Development Plan (2018WS338 to X.C.), the joint research funding of Shandong University and Karolinska Institute (SDU-KI-2019-08 to X.C. and C.L.), the Finnish National Institute for Health and Welfare: Drug and pregnancy project (M.G.), the Swedish Research Council (2014-10171 to C.L.), the regional agreement on medical training and clinical research (ALF) between Stockholm County Council and Karolinska Institute Stockholm County Council (SLL20170292 and SLL20190589 to C.L.), the Swedish Brain Foundation (FO2019-0201 and FO2020-0305 to C.L.). X.C. received grants from the China Scholarship Council at the beginning of the study. The authors have no competing interests to disclose. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
TIGAR deficiency induces caspase-1-dependent trophoblasts pyroptosis through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy, is risky for both mother and fetus. Previous studies about TP53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (TIGAR) focused on the occurrence and development of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and neurological disease, however, it is still unclear whether TIGAR plays a regulatory role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Utilizing HG exposure, we explored the role of TIGAR in oxidative stress limitation, excessive inflammatory toxicity defense, and pyroptosis prevention. RESULTS: TIGAR was up-regulated in vivo and in vitro under HG condition, and loss of TIGAR increased ROS in trophoblast cells which drove a phenotypic switch and hindered the capacity of migration, invasion, and tube formation. This switch depended on the increased activation of NLRP3-ASC-caspase-1 signaling, which caused a distinctive characteristic of pyroptosis, and these findings could finally be reverted by antioxidant treatment (NAC) and receptor block (MCC950). Collectively, trophoblast pyroptosis is an upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, which is promoted by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome. CONCLUSION: Taken together, our results uncovered that, as the upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, pyroptosis is stimulated by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome.
Pregnancies complicated by diabetic proliferative retinopathy.; BACKGROUND: To examine retinal and pregnancy outcome in insulin-dependent diabetic women with proliferative retinopathy and assess the effect of albuminuria on morbidity. METHODS: The records of 26 women with known proliferative retinopathy before pregnancy were studied retrospectively in the prepregnancy period, during pregnancy, and after delivery. Perinatal and maternal morbidity was studied using ophthalmic, obstetric and pediatric records. RESULTS: Seven pregnancies were delivered preterm (27%). Serious neonatal morbidity occurred in five pregnancies (19%). Perinatal survival was 88%. Laser treatment was given prior to pregnancy to 54%, during pregnancy to 27% and after delivery to 31% of the women. Laser treatment during pregnancy was more common in those with no prior photocoagulation and in White class F/R. Low birthweight was more frequently associated with nephropathy and proliferative retinopathy compared to retinopathy alone (p<0.05). Recent hemorrhage, maculopathy or glaucoma was found in 14 (54%) of the women. Blindness developed unilaterally in two women. CONCLUSIONS: Perinatal morbidity was associated with nephropathy rather than retinopathy. The incidence of hemorrhage, maculopathy or glaucoma was similar in White classes R and F/R.
Maternal diabetes-induced hyperglycemia and acute intracerebral hyperinsulinism suppress fetal brain neuropeptide Y concentrations.; We examined the effect of streptozotocin-induced maternal diabetes of 6-day duration and 4- to 24-h intracerebroventricular and systemic hyperinsulinism on fetal brain neuropeptide Y (NPY) synthesis and concentrations. Maternal diabetes (n = 6) leading to fetal hyperglycemia (5-fold increase; P < 0.05) and normoinsulinemia caused a 40% decline (P < 0.05) in fetal brain NPY messenger RNA (mRNA) and a 50% decline (P < 0.05) in NPY radioimmunoassayable levels compared to levels in streptozotocin-treated nondiabetic (n = 7) and vehicle-treated control (n = 8) animals. In contrast, systemic hyperinsulinemia (n = 7) of 5- to 100-fold increase (P < 0.05) over the respective control (n = 7) with normoglycemia caused an insignificant (20-30%) decrease in fetal brain NPY mRNA and protein concentrations. However, fetal intracerebroventricular hyperinsulinism (n = 7) with no change in fetal glucose concentrations caused a 50-60% decline (P < 0.05) in only the NPY peptide levels, with no change in the corresponding mRNA amounts. We conclude that fetal hyperglycemia of 6-day duration and intracerebroventricular hyperinsulinism of 4-24 h suppress fetal brain NPY concentrations, the former by a pretranslational and the latter by either a translational/posttranslational mechanism or depletion of intracellular secretory stores. We speculate that fetal hyperglycemia and intracerebroventricular hyperinsulinism additively can inhibit various intrauterine and immediate postnatal NPY-mediated biological functions.
From minimal background diabetic retinopathy to profuse sight threatening vitreoretinal haemorrhage: management issues in a case of pregestational diabetes and pregnancy.; Deterioration of retinopathy is a recognized complication of pregnancy in Type 1 diabetes. We discuss management issues relating to a case of rapid sight-threatening progression of retinopathy in pregnancy complicated by pregestational diabetes.
Role of VEGF(165b)/VEGF(TOTAL) ratio in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Proper vascular function is important for well-being of mother and growing fetus. VEGF(TOTAL), and VEGF(165b) levels and its vascular endothelial complications in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) together with the association of inflammation and advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are less studied. VEGF(165b)/VEGF(TOTAL) (VEGF RATIO) in GDM pregnant women was investigated in this study. Plasma VEGF(TOTAL) was lower in GDM (17.68 ± 1.30 pg/mL) compared to non-GDM (25.69 ± 1.40 pg/mL). VEGF(165b), ICAM-1, and AGEs were higher in GDM (9.9 ± 1.4 pg/mL, 201.04 ± 7.85 µg/mL, and 10.40 ± 0.98 µg/mL, respectively) and lower in non-GDM (6.47 ± 0.70 pg/mL, 174.1 ± 7.11 µg/mL, and 4.71 ± 0.39 µg/mL, respectively). Compared to non GDM (0.25 ± 0.02), VEGF RATIO was higher in GDM (0.45 ± 0.04) and correlated with -ICAM-1 (r = 0.375, p < .001) and AGEs (r = 0.199, p < .05). Tertile stratification of VEGF RATIO implied that frequency of GDM increases with increasing tertiles of VEGF RATIO (p for trend <.001). Association of VEGF RATIO with GDM was significant even after adjusting for AGEs (OR = 1.279, CI = 1.118-1.462, p < .0010) but it lost its significance when adjusted for ICAM-1 (OR = 1.006, CI = 0.995-1.017, p = .308). VEGF RATIO plays an important role in GDM in association with vascular inflammation.
Acebutolol. A review of its pharmacological properties and therapeutic efficacy in hypertension, angina pectoris and arrhythmia.; Acebutolol is a cardioselective beta-adrenoceptor blocking drug possessing both partial agonist (intrinsic sympathomimetic) and membrane stabilising activity. In hypertension, it can be administered once or twice daily with equal effectiveness, and has been as effective at lowering blood pressure as propranolol, diuretics, and other beta-blocking drugs (metoprolol, labetalol and atenolol) and more effective than methyldopa. Acebutolol has a significantly smaller effect on resting heart rate than propranolol, metoprolol and atenolol, although direct comparisons with drugs with intrinsic sympathomimetic activity have yet to be undertaken. In both angina and arrhythmia, when administered twice daily it has been as effective as standard therapeutic agents. The side effect profile of acebutolol appears to be comparable to that of other cardioselective beta-blockers. Its relative cardio-selectivity, partial agonist and membrane stabilising activity, hydrophilicity, and considerable extrarenal excretion may offer advantages over some beta-blocking drugs in specific patients. Choosing a beta-blocking agent, however, should be made with a knowledge of pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties of the various agents and careful consideration of how such properties may be of benefit to an individual patient.
Impact of COVID-19 on gestational diabetes pregnancy outcomes in the UK: A multicentre retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the impact of implementing emergency care pathway(s) for screening, diagnosing and managing women with gestational diabetes (GDM) during COVID-19. DESIGN: Retrospective multicentre cohort. SETTING: Nine National Health Service (NHS) Hospital Trusts/Health boards in England and Scotland. POPULATION: 4915 women with GDM pre-pandemic (1 April 2018 to 31 March 2020), and 3467 women with GDM during the pandemic (1 May 2020 to 31 March 2021). METHODS: We examined clinical outcomes for women with GDM prior to and during the pandemic following changes in screening methods, diagnostic testing, glucose thresholds and introduction of virtual care for monitoring of antenatal glycaemia. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Intervention at birth, perinatal mortality, large-for-gestational-age infants and neonatal unit admission. RESULTS: The new diagnostic criteria more often identified GDM women who were multiparous, had higher body mass index (BMI) and greater deprivation, and less frequently had previous GDM (all p < 0.05). During COVID, these women had no differences in the key outcome measures. Of the women, 3% were identified with pre-existing diabetes at antenatal booking. Where OGTT continued during COVID, but virtual care was introduced, outcomes were also similar pre- and during the pandemic. CONCLUSIONS: Using HbA1c and fasting glucose identified a higher risk GDM population during the pandemic but this had minimal impact on pregnancy outcomes. The high prevalence of undiagnosed pre-existing diabetes suggests that women with GDM risk factors should be offered HbA1c screening in early pregnancy.
[Cesarean section in a patient with severe diabetic ketoacidosis associated with intracranial hemorrhage of the fetus].; A patient at 33 weeks of pregnancy with diabetic ketoacidosis was transferred to our hospital. Despite intensive medical treatment, fetal state deteriorated and fetal distress was documented. A decision was made to deliver the fetus immediately. An asphyxial neonate was delivered by cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. The neonate was resuscitated in the operating room and intensively managed at the pediatric ward. CT scan revealed the multiple intracranial hemorrhage in the neonate on the fifth day of the birth. Stringent glucose control during pregnancy is crucial for the health of both the mother and fetus.
Improving outcomes in diabetes in pregnancy.; One in 250 pregnancies in the UK involves diabetes. The majority of cases (87.5%) are gestational diabetes, 7.5% are type 1 and 5% are type 2 diabetes. Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with a five fold increase in risk of stillbirth and a two-fold increased risk of congenital defects compared with the general maternity population. Fasting blood glucose levels above 5.3 mmol/L can directly affect organogenesis, particularly of the fetal heart and spine. Hyperglycaemia can cause placental failure and stillbirth and for this reason early delivery is recommended. For women with pre-existing diabetes good blood glucose control prior to conception can minimise pregnancy risks towards levels approaching that of women without diabetes. The recommended glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) target in preparation for pregnancy is 48 mmol/mol (6.5%) if this can be safely achieved. Women with an HbA(1c) 86 mmol/mol should be strongly advised against pregnancy. In normal pregnancy, the increased insulin resistance mediated by placental hormone secretion is compensated by increased maternal insulin secretion to maintain euglycaemia. Gestational diabetes arises from an inability to meet these increased insulin requirements adequately. Lifestyle modification with input from a specialist diabetes dietician is key to the management of gestational diabetes. Women with gestational diabetes have a significant lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes, hence diabetes screening must be undertaken on an annual basis in primary care.
Vascular complications in diabetic pregnancy.; Until now, vascular complications in diabetic pregnancy are mainly related to hyperglycemia caused by type 1 diabetes (Type 1 DM). Progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) occurs at least temporarily during pregnancy and postpartum. There is a short-term increase in the level of retinopathy during pregnancy that persisted into the first year postpartum. Nephropathy is associated with increased risk of preeclampsia, nephrotic syndrome, preterm delivery, fetal growth restriction, and perinatal mortality. Presence of retinopathy increases also risk of preeclampsia and also poor glycemic control. The pregnancy itself (first or subsequent) is not a long-term risk factor for developing microalbuminuria, any retinopathy, proliferative retinopathy, or neuropathy. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (Type 2 DM) is rising leading to similar or even worse pregnancy outcome than in T1 DM. Micro- and macroangiopathic complications still rather rare in the mother will also become more prevalent with increasing age, obesity and more severe forms of Type 2 DM. Good glycemic control, normotension, lack of nephropathy as well as lack of pre-proliferative/proliferative changes of diabetic retinopathy and lack of signs of macroangiopathies are good prognostic factors as regards the progression of vascular complications during pregnancy. Women with diabetes should be evaluated before pregnancy for microangiopathies, treated and followed closely during pregnancy by obstetrician, internist/diabetologue, cardiologist and ophthalmologist and nephrologist.
Factors influencing functional near-infrared spectroscopy in postpartum depression: A cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: To explore whether functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) can aid in the early detection and diagnosis of postpartum depression. METHODS: The study was a cross-sectional survey that invited all women who sought postpartum health examination 42 days after childbirth between August 2020 and January 2021. Personal information, Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS), and well as fNIRS results were collected. RESULTS: In all, 109 individuals agreed to participate and completed the examination in its entirety. The variance in integral and centroid values was not statistically significant across different subgroups of depression (P > 0.05). The difference in diagnosis of postpartum major depression between EPDS and fNIRS was statistically significant (P < 0.001). fNIRS results in postpartum depression diagnosis were substantially associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (P = 0.027), the number of pregnancies (P = 0.001), and postpartum body mass index (P = 0.035). CONCLUSION: fNIRS can provide an objective method for early detection and diagnosis of postpartum depression. Certain clinical conditions can have an effect on brain activity, which may result in postpartum depression. Additional high-quality study is required to establish strong evidence on the subject.
The relationship between the oxidative stress and the cardiac hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers.; Recently, oxidative stress was suggested to play a role in maternal and fetal complications of diabetic pregnancies. The aim of this study is to evaluate the global oxidant and antioxidant status in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) via measurement of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and total oxidant status (TOS) and to determine their association with the clinical and cardiac manifestations of gestational diabetes on infants. Forty five infants constituted the IDM group, 51 infants born to non diabetic mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood was drawn from IDM and controls for TAC and TOS measurement. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days of life. Infants of diabetic mother had significantly higher TAC (p=0.024), TOS (p=0.03) and oxidative stress index (OSI, p=0.04) levels compared to controls. Hemoglobin values were correlated to TOS (r=0.310, p=0.03) and OSI (r=0.310, p=0.03). Maternal HbA1c values were also correlated to TOS (r=0.576, p=0.001) and OSI (r=0.606, p<0.001). Systolic and diastolic interventicular septum measurements, and left ventricular mass were also correlated with TOS (r=0.330, p=0.02; r=0.453, p=0.002; r=0.404, p=0.006, respectively) and OSI (r=0.330, p=0.02; r=0.300, p=0.04, r=0.300; p=0.04, respectively). Oxidant-antioxidant balance is disturbed in favor of oxidants in IDM despite compensatory increase in TAC. The degree of oxidative stress is related to the severity of myocardial and hematological involvement in IDM in the first days of life and maternal glycemic control.
[Leptin as a possible marker of augmented metabolic risk during pregnancy].; AIM: Leptin is a proteic hormone, isolated in 1994, mainly synthetized in the white adipose tissue. Aim of this study was to compare leptin concentrations in normal pregnancies with those measured in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia. METHODS: We enrolled 48 pregnant women: 18 with uncomplicated pregnancy, 11 with gestational diabetes, 19 with gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia. Leptin concentrations were measured in maternal serum at enrollment, together with insulin and cortisol, at delivery and in the immediate postpartum. At delivery serum leptin was calculated in the cord blood too. RESULTS: Fasting plasma leptin and insulin were higher in the group of patients with gestational hypertension, than in the other groups. Third-trimester maternal leptin concentrations correlated significantly with insulin levels in the group of women with gestational diabetes and in the group with gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia, but not in the women with an uncomplicated pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Leptin concentrations in pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders are significantly higher than in normal pregnancies. The increased leptin concentrations are independent of associated proteinuria, as women with simple gestational hypertension and preeclampsia showed comparable third-trimester leptin concentrations. In both women with gestational diabetes and women with hypertensive disorders, serum leptin correlated closely with serum insulin, suggesting that the association between leptin and insulin resistance is preserved in pregnancy. Whatever the reasons for an increased maternal leptin production in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, maternal leptin homeostasis does not seem to influence foetal serum leptin concentrations, which seems to be mainly related to birth weight.
Reversible pituitary hyperplasia at birth in a macrosomic full-term baby boy.; Pituitary hyperplasia is generally associated with end-organ failure such as primary hypothyroidism, physiological changes such as puberty and pregnancy, or neoplasms secreting releasing factors. We present a full-term infant with an enlarged pituitary height of 8 mm at age 3 days despite a normal endocrinological evaluation. Repeat imaging at 5 months of age revealed a normal-size pituitary gland. To our knowledge, pituitary hyperplasia has not been described in a neonate with normal pituitary function.
[Effects of pre-pregnancy BMI on blood glucose, blood pressure and weight in pregnancy].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) on blood glucose, blood pressure and body weight during pregnancy in women. METHODS: 600 pregnant women in Beijing Haidian Maternal and Child Health Hospital were followed from 5th, Feb. 2009 to 15th, Mar. 2009 as a cohort study. Height, weight, blood glucose and blood pressure were detected in all the pregnant period. RESULTS: The pre-pregnancy BMI correlated significantly with gestational weight in different pregnancy phases (P < 0.05). The rates of impaired glucose tolerance, diabetes mellitus and hypertension during pregnant in overweight and obesity women are much higher than the rates in low and normal body weight women (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The pre-pregnancy BMI is a crucial risk factor of gestational hypertension, gestational high blood glucose and the gestational body weight. To carry out pre-pregnancy health education is an important measure to prevent complications of pregnancy.
Relationship of maternal birth weight on maternal and neonatal outcomes: a multicenter study in Beijing.; OBJECTIVE: Birth weight is an important indicator for childhood and adulthood diseases. Published studies lack information on the relative contribution of women's own birth weight to the course of her pregnancy, not only for maternal but especially to neonatal outcome. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationship of maternal birth weight on maternal and perinatal complications during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Medical and obstetrical data were collected from 5479 women at 15 hospitals in Beijing, by a systemic cluster sampling survey conducted from 20 June 2013 to 30 November 2013. These women were categorized into five groups, according to their own birth weight: low birth weight (⩽2500 g, n=275), sub-optimal birth weight (2500 to 2999 g, n=1079), optimal birth weight (3000 to 3499 g, n=2590; 3500 to 3999 g, n=1085) and high birth weight (⩾4000 g, n=450). The occurrence of maternal and neonatal complications was recorded and compared among the groups. Statistical analysis was performed by SPSS 20.0 and values of P<0.05 were considered to be statistically significant. RESULTS: Low maternal birth weight was associated with higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (χ(2)=21.268, P=0.006) and hypertensive disorders (χ(2)=10.844, P=0.028). The latter association was strongest in women with a pre-pregnancy body mass index above 25 kg m(-)(2). Low maternal birth weight was also associated with an apparently higher incidence of preterm labor (χ(2)=18.27, P=0.001) and hypertriglyceridemia (χ(2)=2.739, P=0.027) in pregnancy. An association between women with low birth weight and a significantly higher rate of small for gestational age infants (χ(2)=93.507, P<0.001) and low birth weight (χ(2)=36.256, P<0.001) was detected. High maternal birth weight was associated with an increased risk of pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity (P<0.001), as well as for large for gestational age infants (χ(2)=93.507, P<0.001) and macrosomia (χ(2)=72.594, P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In our study, high or low maternal birth weight was strongly associated with maternal and perinatal adverse pregnancy outcomes. This suggests that by controlling the birth weight of female infants among the normal range, adverse outcomes may be decreased in the future and for the following generations.
[Embryopathy and diabetic fetopathy in a premature stillborn infant. Case report and review of the disease picture].; The diabetic embryopathy syndrome comprises a number of developmental anomalies among fetuses of diabetic mothers. Fetopathia diabetica, on the other hand, is characterized by typical, hormonal, and metabolic dysfunctions and their morphological sequelae in fetuses and offsprings of diabetic mothers. We observed the combination of both these conditions in an immature stillborn fetus. The 34 year-old diabetic mother, who had been treated by insulin since age 16, was first seen at 27 weeks of gestation. Sonography revealed severe congenital malformations of the fetus, and a late abortion was induced. The stillborn female revealed the typical congenital malformations of the diabetic embryopathy syndrome, such as abnormalities of face and skull, skeletal malformations of the thorax, spine, and lower extremities, and malformations of the heart, great vessels and the genitourinary system. We, too, found the characteristic features of fetopathia diabetica, i.e. obesity, macrosomia, increased weight and size of the internal organs, polynesia and macronesia of the pancreas, increased extramedullary hematopoiesis and cellular depletion of lymphoid tissues. A review of the literature revealed various hypotheses about the etiology and pathogenesis of both conditions.
Prospective population based survey of outcome of pregnancy in diabetic women: results of the Northern Diabetic Pregnancy Audit, 1994.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the St Vincent declaration (1989) target of diabetic pregnancy outcome approximating non-diabetic pregnancy outcome in near to being achieved. DESIGN: Prospective collection of population based information on pregnancies in women with diabetes from all participating hospitals. SETTING: District general and teaching hospitals of the former Northern region. SUBJECTS: 111 diabetic women booking with pregnancy during 1 January to 31 December 1994. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Diabetic control, perinatal mortality rate, fetal abnormality rate. RESULTS: The perinatal mortality rate was 48/1000 for diabetic pregnancies compared with 8.9/1000 for the background population (odds ratio 5.38; 95% confidence interval 2.27 to 12.70) and the neonatal mortality rate was 59/1000 compared with 3.9/1000 (15.0; 6.77 to 33.10). Two late neonatal deaths were due to congenital heart defects. Six per cent of all fetal losses (6/109 cases) were due to major malformations. The congenital malformation rate was 83/1000 compared with 21.3/1000 (3.76; 2.00 to 7.06) in the background population. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic pregnancy remains a high risk state with perinatal mortality and fetal malformation rates much higher than in the background population.
Chorionic and amniotic membrane-derived stem cells have distinct, and gestational diabetes mellitus independent, proliferative, differentiation, and immunomodulatory capacities.; Placental membrane-derived mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), with the advantages of being non-invasive and having fewer ethical issues, are a promising source for cell therapy. Gestational diabetes (GDM) alters the uterine environment and may affect the therapeutic potential of MSCs derived from placenta. Therefore, we evaluated the biological properties of amniotic (AMSCs) and chorionic membrane MSCs (CMSCs) from human GDM placenta in order to explore their therapeutic potential. In comparison of GDM-/Healthy- CMSCs and AMSCs, the immunophenotypes and typical stellate morphology of MSC were similar in CMSCs irrespective of disease state while the MSC morphology in GDM-AMSCs was less evident. GDM- and Healthy- CMSCs displayed an enhanced proliferation rate and tri-lineage differentiation capacity compared with AMSCs. Notably, GDM-CMSCs had a significantly increased adipogenic ability than Healthy-CMSCs accompanied by increased transcriptional responsiveness of PPARγ and ADIPOQ induction. The secretome effect of Healthy- and GDM- CMSCs/AMSCs by using conditioned media and coculture experiments, suggests that GDM- and Healthy- CMSCs provided an equivalent immunoregulatory effect on suppressing T-cells activation but a reduced effect of GDM-CMSCs on macrophage regulation. However, Healthy- and GDM- CMSCs displayed a superior immunomodulatory capacity in regulation of both T-cells and macrophages than AMSCs. In summary, we highlight the importance of the maternal GDM intrauterine environment during pregnancy and its impact on CMSCs/AMSCs proliferation ability, CMSCs adipogenic potential, and macrophage regulatory capacity.
Results from the International Consensus Conference on Myo-inositol and d-chiro-inositol in Obstetrics and Gynecology: the link between metabolic syndrome and PCOS.; In recent years, interest has been focused to the study of the two major inositol stereoisomers: myo-inositol (MI) and d-chiro-inositol (DCI), because of their involvement, as second messengers of insulin, in several insulin-dependent processes, such as metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome. Although these molecules have different functions, very often their roles have been confused, while the meaning of several observations still needs to be interpreted under a more rigorous physiological framework. With the aim of clarifying this issue, the 2013 International Consensus Conference on MI and DCI in Obstetrics and Gynecology identified opinion leaders in all fields related to this area of research. They examined seminal experimental papers and randomized clinical trials reporting the role and the use of inositol(s) in clinical practice. The main topics were the relation between inositol(s) and metabolic syndrome, polycystic ovary syndrome (with a focus on both metabolic and reproductive aspects), congenital anomalies, gestational diabetes. Clinical trials demonstrated that inositol(s) supplementation could fruitfully affect different pathophysiological aspects of disorders pertaining Obstetrics and Gynecology. The treatment of PCOS women as well as the prevention of GDM seem those clinical conditions which take more advantages from MI supplementation, when used at a dose of 2g twice/day. The clinical experience with MI is largely superior to the one with DCI. However, the existence of tissue-specific ratios, namely in the ovary, has prompted researchers to recently develop a treatment based on both molecules in the proportion of 40 (MI) to 1 (DCI).
Diabetic Pregnancy and Maternal High-Fat Diet Impair Mitochondrial Dynamism in the Developing Fetal Rat Heart by Sex-Specific Mechanisms.; Infants born to diabetic or obese mothers are at greater risk of heart disease at birth and throughout life, but prevention is hindered because underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. Using a rat model, we showed that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes and a high-fat diet caused diastolic and systolic dysfunction, myocardial lipid accumulation, decreased respiratory capacity, and oxidative stress in newborn offspring hearts. This study aimed to determine whether mitochondrial dynamism played a role. Using confocal live-cell imaging, we examined mitochondrial dynamics in neonatal rat cardiomyocytes (NRCM) from four prenatally exposed groups: controls, diabetes, high-fat diet, and combination exposed. Cardiac expression of dynamism-related genes and proteins were compared, and gender-specific differences were evaluated. Findings show that normal NRCM have highly dynamic mitochondria with a well-balanced number of fusion and fission events. Prenatal exposure to diabetes or a high-fat diet impaired dynamism resulting in shorter, wider mitochondria. Mechanisms of impaired dynamism were gender-specific and protein regulated. Females had higher expression of fusion proteins which may confer a cardioprotective effect. Prenatally exposed male hearts had post-translational modifications known to impair dynamism and influence mitophagy-mediated cell death. This study identifies mitochondrial fusion and fission proteins as targetable, pathogenic regulators of heart health in offspring exposed to excess circulating maternal fuels.
Concentration of circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPC) in normal pregnancy and in pregnant women with diabetes and hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the present study was to analyze the concentrations of endothelial precursor cells (EPCs) during the 3 trimesters of normal pregnancy and to compare the EPC counts in women with normal pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: The study was conducted on 21 pregnant women with single pregnancies (age range, 22 to 35 years). EPCs were quantified by flow cytometry. The subjects were divided into 3 groups, each consisting of 7 subjects: patients with gestational diabetes; patients with gestational hypertension; patients with normal pregnancy. RESULTS: A progressive increase was found in the concentrations of EPCs during pregnancy in healthy women. In the third trimester of pregnancy, the number of CD34+ cells was significantly lower in patients with gestational diabetes than in hypertensive patients and controls; no significant differences were found between the levels of circulating CD34+ cells in hypertensive patients and those in controls. There were no significant differences between the diabetic and hypertensive patients for the percentage of cells expressing CD133 and VEGFR2, whereas in both groups the percentage of CD133+/VEGFR2+ elements was significantly higher than in the healthy control subjects. CONCLUSION: Our findings confirm that EPCs isolated from the maternal circulation increase gradually throughout the gestational trimesters. These cells were derived from the endothelial cells lineage, as demonstrated by CD133+/VEGFR2+ cell assay. Moreover, the concentration of EPCs in pregnant women with gestational diabetes and hypertension differs from that in subjects with a normal pregnancy, CD34+ cells being reduced but CD133+/VEGFR2+ cell concentrations being increased. These results not only substantiate recent insights into the mechanisms regulating maternal vascular modifications during pregnancy but also throw light upon the activation of different patterns in the mobilization of endothelial progenitor cells during pathologic states in which endothelial disorders occur.
The STAR-MAMA RCT: Bilingual Mobile Health Coaching for Postpartum Weight Loss.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes and overweight during pregnancy are associated with future type 2 diabetes. Postpartum weight loss can reduce diabetes risk. However, effective interventions for postpartum weight loss are lacking, in particular for Latina populations, despite their disproportionate burdens of gestational diabetes, overweight, and diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a community-based RCT. SETTING/PARTICIPANTS: Researchers recruited pregnant individuals with gestational diabetes or BMI>25 kg/m(2) from safety-net health care settings and Women, Infants, and Children offices in Northern California in 2014-2018. Of 180 individuals randomized to intervention (n=89) or control (n=91), 78% identified as Latina, 61% were primarily Spanish speaking, and 76% perceived their diabetes risk to be low. INTERVENTION: The intervention consisted of a 5-month postpartum telephone-based health coaching intervention delivered in English or Spanish. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Data were collected through surveys at enrollment and 9-12 months after delivery and chart review up to 12 months after delivery. The primary outcome, weight change from prepregnancy to 9-12 months after delivery, was compared between the groups, overall and within strata defined a priori according to language (Spanish or English) and diabetes risk perception (none/slight or moderate/high). RESULTS: The intent-to-treat estimated intervention effect was +0.7 kg (95% CI= -2.4 kg, +3.8 kg; p=0.67). In stratified analyses, intervention effects remained nonsignificant but varied in direction: effects were favorable among English speakers and those with higher perceived diabetes risk, and unfavorable among Spanish speakers and those with lower perceived risk. Analyses were conducted in 2021-2022. CONCLUSIONS: A postpartum health coaching intervention, designed for low-income Latina women at increased risk for diabetes, did not reduce postpartum weight gain. Intervention effects were nonsignificantly more favorable among English speakers versus Spanish speakers, and among those who perceived their diabetes risk to be high versus low. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study is registered at www. CLINICALTRIALS: gov NCT02240420.
The Impact of Maternal Preeclampsia and Hyperglycemia on the Cardiovascular Health of the Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this review was to assess the impact of maternal preeclampsia or hyperglycemia on the body composition and cardiovascular health in the offspring. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a systematic review utilizing PubMed, EBSCO, CINAHLPlus, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science to include all studies assessing the impact of preeclampsia/eclampsia and/or gestational/pregestational diabetes mellitus on the health of the offspring (children <10 years of age). The health measures included anthropometry, cardiac dimensions and function, and vascular function. We performed a meta-analysis using Review Manager software and computed net risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for dichotomous data and mean difference (MD) with 95% CI for continuous data. RESULTS: There were 6,376 studies in total, of which 45 were included in the review and 40 in the meta-analysis. The results demonstrated higher birth weight (MD: 0.12 kg; 95% CI: 0.06-0.18) and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP; MD: 5.98 mm Hg; 95% CI: 5.64-6.32 and MD: 3.27 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.65-5.89, respectively) in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to controls. In contrast, the offspring of mothers with preeclampsia had lower birth weight (MD: -0.41 kg; 95% CI: -0.7 to -0.11); however, they had increased systolic (MD: 2.2 mm Hg; 95% CI: 1.28-3.12) and diastolic BP (MD: 1.41 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.3-2.52) compared to controls. There is lack of data to conduct a meta-analysis of cardiac morphology, functional, and vascular imaging parameters. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that the in-utero milieu can have a permanent impact on the body composition and vascular health of the offspring. Future work warrants multicenter prospective studies to understand the mechanism and the actual effect of exposure to maternal hyperglycemia and high BP on the cardiovascular health of the offspring and long-term outcomes. KEY POINTS: · Adverse in-utero exposures may have an impact on cardiovascular risk in children.. · Maternal hyperglycemia/preeclampsia lead to changes in birthweight and BP.. · Limited echocardiographic and vascular imaging data in these cohorts necessitates future work..
[The evaluation of fetal cardiac function in diabetic pregnancies].; OBJECTIVE: To assess fetal cardiac hypertrophy and ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers. METHODS: Study group was consist of 23 fetuses of diabetic pregnancies. Control group was consist of 108 fetuses of normal pregnancies. Cardiac size was measured by ultrasound as inter-ventricular septal (IVS) thickness and ventricular diastolic and systolic (VD and VS) dimensions and perimeter. Cardiac function was expressed as ventricular shortening fraction 1 (VSF1) (ventricular diastolic perimeter-ventricular systolic perimeter/ventricular diastolic perimeter) and ventricular shortening fraction 2 (VSF2) (ventricular diastolic dimension-Ventricular systolic dimension/ventricular diastolic dimension). Fetal birth weight was recorded. RESULTS: IVS of study group (6.1 +/- 0.7) mm, which was significantly thicker than IVS of control group (4.4 +/- 0.7) mm. Left ventricular diastolic dimension (LVDD) and Left ventricular systolic dimension (LVSD) of study group were (3.3 +/- 0.8) cm2 and (2.2 +/- 0.6) cm2, which were greater than those of control group (2.6 +/- 0.6) cm2 and (2.0 +/- 0.5) cm2. Right ventricular diastolic dimension (RVDD) and Right ventricular systolic dimension (RVSD) of study group were (3.9 +/- 0.7) cm2 and (2.6 +/- 0.7) cm2, which were also greater than those of control group (3.5 +/- 0.5) cm2 and (2.4 +/- 0.7) cm2. Left ventricular shortening fraction 1 of left ventricular (LVSF1) of study group was 0.20 +/- 0.07, which was greater than that of control group (0.12 +/- 0.04). LVSF2 of study group was 0.35 +/- 0.11, which was greater than that of control group too (0.23 +/- 0.10). Right ventricular shortening fraction 1 of left ventricular (RVSF1) of study group was 0.19 +/- 0.05, which was greater than that of control group (0.13 +/- 0.11). RVSF2 of study group was 0.33 +/- 0.09, which was greater than that of control group (0.23 +/- 0.14). Estimated fetal birth weight of study group was (4,076 +/- 608) g, which was greater than that of control group (3,440 +/- 377) g. CONCLUSION: These findings showed that fetal hyperinsulinemia result in fetal weight increasing, global cardiac enlarger inter-ventricular septal thickness larger and revealed hypercontractilty of ventricle in fetuses of diabetes mothers.
A prospective study of artificially sweetened beverage intake and cardiometabolic health among women at high risk.; BACKGROUND: Artificially sweetened beverages (ASBs) are commonly consumed and recommended for individuals at high risk for cardiometabolic diseases; however, the health effects of ASBs remain contradictory. Given that cross-sectional analyses are subject to reverse causation, prospective studies with long-term follow-up are needed to evaluate associations between ASBs and cardiometabolic health, especially among high-risk individuals. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine associations of ASB intake and cardiometabolic health among high-risk women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: We included 607 women with GDM from the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC; 1996-2002) who completed a clinical exam 9-16 y after the DNBC pregnancy for the Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study (2012-2014). We assessed ASB intake using FFQs completed during the DNBC pregnancy and at the DWH Study clinical exam. We examined cardiometabolic outcomes at the DWH clinical exam. We estimated percentage differences in continuous cardiometabolic markers and RRs for clinical endpoints in association with ASB intake both during pregnancy and at follow-up adjusted for prepregnancy BMI, diet, and lifestyle factors. Sensitivity analyses to account for reverse causation were performed. RESULTS: In pregnancy and at follow-up, 30.4% and 36.4% of women regularly (≥2 servings/wk) consumed ASB, respectively. Consumption of ASBs, both during pregnancy and at follow-up, was associated with higher glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin, HOMA-IR, triglycerides, liver fat, and adiposity and with lower HDL at follow-up. After adjustment for covariates, particularly prepregnancy BMI, the majority of associations between ASB intake in pregnancy and outcomes at follow-up became null with the exception of HbA1c. ASB intake at follow-up (≥1 serving/d compared with <1 serving/mo) was associated with higher HbA1c (6.5%; 95% CI: 1.9, 11.3; P-trend = 0.007); however, associations were not upheld in sensitivity analyses for reverse causation. CONCLUSIONS: Among Danish women with a history of GDM, ASB intake was not significantly associated with cardiometabolic profiles.
Maternal arachidonic acid supplementation improves neurodevelopment in young adult offspring from rat dams with and without diabetes.; Maternal diabetes may compromise infant arachidonic acid (AA) status and development. This study tested if maternal AA supplementation improves neurodevelopment in adult offspring. Rat dams were randomized into 6 groups: Saline-Placebo, streptozotocin-induced diabetes with glucose controlled at <13mmol/L, or poorly controlled at 13-20mmol/L using insulin; and fed either a Control or AA (0.5% fat) diet throughout reproduction. Weaned-offspring were fed regular chow to 12 weeks of age. Testing included exploratory behavior, rota rod and water maze (WM). Poorly controlled offspring showed longer (p≤0.018) escape-latency on testing-day 1 WM but not thereafter (p>0.05). Maternal glucose concentration positively correlated with (p=0.006) male offspring testing-day 1 WM latency. The AA-diet offspring performed better in WM and rota rod (p≤0.032) and showed higher exploratory behavior (p=0.008) than Control-diet offspring. These data suggest maternal hyperglycemia has longstanding consequences to initial stages of learning in the offspring. Maternal AA supplementation and training positively influence learning outcomes.
Insulin resistance in women's health: why it matters and how to identify it.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine the significance of insulin resistance in women's health and review methods for diagnosing it. RECENT FINDINGS: Clinical phenotypes in conjunction with standard clinical biochemical assays, that is, the metabolic syndrome, remain the key method to diagnose insulin resistance in clinical practice. Candidate alleles from type 2 diabetes offer little predictive value for cardiovascular events beyond traditional risk factors. Simple environmental factors such as irregular meal frequency appear to increase the risk of the metabolic syndrome and require greater scrutiny. Pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in the mother and preterm birth in the fetus are events that suggest elevated risk for future cardiovascular morbidity in those affected. SUMMARY: Clinical phenotypes of insulin resistance identify women at risk for perinatal and reproductive complications.
Neck circumference as a predictor of gestational diabetes and risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancy of Brazilian woman with overweight and obesity.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of neck circumference (NC) with gestational diabetes (GDM) and adverse outcomes in women with overweight and obesity. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This prospective study included 132 (BMI > 25 kg/m(2)) pregnant women without and with GDM. Standardized questionnaire and biochemical/physical evaluation were performed during the 1(st) to 3(rd) trimester. Fifth-five women were evaluated regarding hypertension in pregnancy, type of delivery and neonatal complications (death, intensive care unit admission and hypoglycemia). RESULTS: Women with (n = 61) and without (n = 71) GDM had similar mean (SD) pre-gestational BMI [30.3 (4.0) vs. 29.4 (3.5) kg/m(2), p = 0.16]. Women with GDM were older [32 (6) vs. 28 (6) yrs, p < 0.001] and had greater NC [36.0 (2.7) vs. 34.5 (1.8) cm, p < 0.001]. NC was similar in women with GDM diagnosed in first or third trimester [p = 0.4] and was correlated with FPG [r 0.29, p = 0.01] and systolic [r 0.28, p = 0.001] and diastolic [r 0.25, p = 0.004] blood pressure. NC was associated with GDM [OR 1.25, 95%CI 1.03-1.52] adjusted for age, physical activity, education and familiar history of diabetes. In ROC analysis, the area under the curve was 0.655 and the cut-off value of 34.5 cm had 0.70 of sensitivity and 0.51 of specificity for GDM. Women who had NC ≥ 34.5 vs. < 34.5 cm had higher frequencies of hypertension [32.3 vs. 4.2%, p = 0.01]. CONCLUSION: In a group of pregnant women with overweight or obesity, NC can be a useful tool for identifying risk of GDM and obstetric adverse outcomes.
What is the optimal gestational age for women with gestational diabetes type A1 to deliver?; OBJECTIVE: Type A1 gestational diabetes mellitus (A1GDM), also known as diet-controlled gestational diabetes, is associated with an increase in adverse perinatal outcomes such as macrosomia and Erb palsy. However, it remains unclear when to deliver these women because optimal timing of delivery requires balancing neonatal morbidities from early term delivery against the risk of intrauterine fetal demise (IUFD). We sought to determine the optimal gestational age (GA) for women with A1GDM to deliver. STUDY DESIGN: A decision-analytic model was built to compare the outcomes of delivery at 37-41 weeks in a theoretical cohort of 100,000 women with A1GDM. Strategies involving expectant management until a later GA accounted for probabilities of spontaneous delivery, indicated delivery, and IUFD during each week. GA-associated risks of neonatal complications included cerebral palsy, infant death, and Erb palsy. Probabilities were derived from the literature, and total quality-adjusted life years were calculated. Sensitivity analyses were used to investigate the robustness of the baseline assumptions. RESULTS: Our model showed that induction at 38 weeks maximized quality-adjusted life years. Within our cohort, delivery at 38 weeks would prevent 48 stillbirths but lead to 12 more infant deaths compared to 39 weeks. Sensitivity analysis revealed that 38 weeks remains the optimal timing of delivery until IUFD rates fall <0.3-fold of our baseline assumption, at which point expectant management until 39 weeks is optimal. CONCLUSION: By weighing the risks of IUFD against infant deaths and neonatal morbidities from early term delivery, we determined that the ideal GA for women with A1GDM to deliver is 38 weeks.
Probiotic treatment for women with gestational diabetes to improve maternal and infant health and well-being.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance first recognised during pregnancy and associated with complications for mothers and babies. Probiotics are naturally occurring micro-organisms, which when ingested in adequate amounts, may confer health benefits. Evidence of the role of probiotics as treatment for GDM is limited. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of probiotics in treating women with GDM on maternal and infant outcomes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register ClinicalTrials.gov, WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (24 July 2019), and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the use of probiotics versus placebo/standard care for the treatment of GDM. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data, checked data accuracy, and assessed risk of bias of included trials. The certainty of evidence for selected maternal and infant/child outcomes was assessed using GRADE. MAIN RESULTS: Nine RCTs (695 pregnant women with GDM) comparing probiotics versus placebo were identified. The overall risk of bias in the nine RCTs was low to unclear and the evidence was downgraded for imprecision due to the small numbers of women participating in the trials. The trials were carried out in hospitals and universities in Iran (seven trials), Thailand (one trial) and Ireland (one trial). All trials compared probiotics with placebo. Maternal outcomes We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect compared with placebo on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, (risk ratio (RR) 1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64 to 3.53; participants = 256; studies = 3; low-certainty evidence) and mode of birth as caesareans (average RR 0.64, 95% CI 0.30 to 1.35; participants = 267; studies = 3; low-certainty evidence) because the certainty of evidence is low and the 95% CIs span possible benefit and possible harm. No trials reported primary outcomes of: mode of birth as vaginal/assisted and subsequent development of type 2 diabetes. We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect compared with placebo on induction of labour (RR 1.33, 95% CI 0.74 to 2.37; participants = 127; studies = 1; very low-certainty evidence). For other secondary maternal outcomes, we are uncertain if there are differences between probiotics and placebo for: postpartum haemorrhage; weight gain during pregnancy intervention and total gestational weight gain; fasting plasma glucose and need for extra pharmacotherapy (insulin). Probiotics may be associated with a slight reduction in triglycerides and total cholesterol. In probiotics compared with placebo, there was evidence of reduction in markers for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and HOMA-B; and insulin secretion. There was also an increase in quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). Probiotics were associated with minor benefits in relevant bio-markers with evidence of a reduction in inflammatory markers high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), and marker of oxidative stress malondialdehyde; and an increase in antioxidant total glutathione, but we are uncertain if there is any difference in total antioxidant capacity. No trials reported secondary outcomes: perineal trauma, postnatal weight retention or return to pre-pregnancy weight and postnatal depression. Infant/child/adult outcomes We are uncertain if probiotics have any effect, compared with placebo, on the risk of large-for-gestational-age babies (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.35 to 1.52; participants = 174; studies = 2; low-certainty evidence) or infant hypoglycaemia (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.84; participants = 177; studies = 3; low-certainty evidence) because the certainty of evidence is low and the 95% CIs span possible benefit and possible harm. No trials reported primary outcomes of: perinatal (fetal/neonatal) mortality; or neurosensory disability. For other secondary outcomes, we are uncertain if there is any difference between probiotics and placebo in gestational age at birth, preterm birth, macrosomia, birthweight, head circumference, length, infant hypoglycaemia, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions. There was evidence of a reduction in infant hyperbilirubinaemia with probiotics compared with placebo. No trials reported secondary outcomes: infant adiposity, and later childhood adiposity. There were no adverse events reported by any of the trials. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Low-certainty evidence means we are not certain if there is any difference between probiotic and placebo groups in maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, caesareans; and large-for-gestational-age babies. There were no adverse events reported by the trials. Due to the variability of probiotics used and small sample sizes of trials, evidence from this review has limited ability to inform practice. Well-designed adequately-powered trials are needed to identify whether probiotics may improve maternal blood glucose levels and/or infant/child/adult outcomes; and whether they can be used to treat GDM.
A case of severe neonatal transient hyperinsulinemic hypoglycaemia without identifiable risk factors: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Neonatal hypoglycaemia is one of the major metabolic disorders that causes irreversible brain injury. Assessing for maternal glucose metabolism disorders can predict and avoid this perinatal complication. Accordingly, diagnosing maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is important in protecting neonatal neurological prognosis. However, there are various methods of screening for maternal GDM. The intervention for neonatal hypoglycaemia also varies within each guideline. CASE PRESENTATION: A female infant was born at 37 weeks of gestation by vaginal delivery with no asphyxia. Her mother had no abnormal findings, including glucose metabolism disorders, upon periodic prenatal visits. Upon routine examination at the first hour of life, the baby was lethargic, pale, hypotonic, and rarely cried. An emergent systemic evaluation was performed, and she was diagnosed with severe hyperinsulinemic hypoglycaemia with blood glucose of 11 mg/dL and insulin of 2.7 µU/mL. She was soon fed with milk and her symptoms of hypoglycaemia was resolved before receiving intravenous glucose infusion. Her blood glucose level reached 78 mg/dL 3 h after delivery. She was discharged home with her mother on day 6 of age without relapse of hypoglycaemia. Upon review, we determined that the mother was diagnosed with GDM during her previous pregnancy but not during this current pregnancy. The infant had no developmental delay upon check-up at 6 months. CONCLUSIONS: The infant of this case was not a candidate for neonatal hypoglycaemia screening since her mother had no identifiable risk factors. This case suggests that previous maternal history of GDM might be the cause of neonatal hyperinsulinemic hypoglycaemia. Clinicians need to be aware of the possibility of hypoglycaemia among newborns with a maternal previous history of GDM, regardless of the mother's current diagnosis. Immediate oral feeding can be one of the treatments, even for symptomatic neonatal severe hypoglycaemia, when rapid intravenous access is difficult. The present case also suggests the necessity of considering neonatal outcomes as well as maternal ones when screening for maternal disorders of glucose metabolism.
Acceleration of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: a case report.; AIMS: Diabetic retinopathy can deteriorate during pregnancy. This usually manifests itself as an increase in the number of background retinopathy lesions, notably the appearance of new cotton wool spots, predominantly during the first trimester. The changes are usually attributed to the rapid attainment of tight glycaemic control during pregnancy. We present a case report of catastrophic deterioration in retinopathy during a period of stable glycaemic control. RESULTS: J.P. had normal fundoscopic appearance at booking and during the early part of pregnancy. She experienced rapid deterioration in visual acuity secondary to cystoid macular oedema and vitreous haemorrhage during the third trimester of pregnancy. Her glycaemic control was stable at that stage and had not changed when compared with earlier stages of pregnancy. She required three sessions of intrapartum laser therapy and postpartum vitrectomy. CONCLUSIONS: The case highlights the importance of regular retinal surveillance in a diabetic pregnancy, even in the absence of sudden improvements in glycaemic control.
[The course of pregnancy and delivery in women after genetic amniocentesis before and after 35 years of age].; OBJECTIVES: The demand for genetic amniocentesis in case of young pregnant women has significantly increased due to various new indications. Moreover, nowadays a growing number of women aged > or =35, who required genetic amniocentesis, get pregnant The aim of the following study has been to compare the course of the pregnancy, the delivery and the condition of the newborn in two groups of patients: 18-34 years old and > or =35 years old. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 783 women underwent the procedure of amniocentesis at the Department of Obstetrics of Medical University of Gdansk in 1996-2003. A group of 540 women, who answered the questionnaire about the course of the pregnancy and the delivery after the procedure, has been isolated. RESULTS: Fetal loss occurred in 2 cases (1.6%) in the group of the younger women and in 8 cases (0.8%) in the group of > or =35 year-olds (p=0.84). There was no statistically significant difference between younger and older patients when comparing complications after the procedure in the first three weeks following amniocentesis: spotting, bleeding, leakage of amniotic fluid. Frequency of late complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension and urinary tract infections were comparable in both age groups women. Cesarean section has been more frequently performed in case of the older women than in the group of younger patients, with statistical difference p=0.003. In most cases (33.9%) it has been an elective cesarean section, performed due to advanced maternal age rather than any obstetric cause. Frequency of pneumonia and the number of respiratory infections in the newborns have been comparable in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal invasive diagnosis has no influence on frequency of complications during pregnancy and delivery in the group of women less than 35 years old and more than 35 years old.
Beneficial effects of Hibiscus rosa-sinensis L. flower aqueous extract in pregnant rats with diabetes.; PURPOSE: The Hibiscus rosa-sinensis flower is widely used in Brazilian traditional medicine for the treatment of diabetes and has shown antifertility activity in female Wistar rats. However, there is no scientific confirmation of its effect on diabetes and pregnancy. The aim of this study was evaluate the effect of aqueous extract of H. rosa-sinensis flowers on maternal-fetal outcome in pregnant rats with diabetes. METHODS: Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin (STZ, 40 mg/kg) in virgin, adult, female Wistar rats. After diabetes induction, the rats were mated. The pregnant rats were distributed into four groups (n minimum = 11 animals/group): non-diabetic, non-diabetic treated, diabetic, and diabetic treated. Oral aqueous extract of Hibiscus rosa-sinensis was administered to rats in the treatment groups during pregnancy. At term pregnancy, maternal reproductive outcomes, fetal parameters, and biochemical parameters were analyzed. RESULTS: The non-diabetic treated group showed decreased high density lipoprotein cholesterol, increased atherogenic index (AI) and coronary artery risk index (CRI), and increased preimplantation loss rate compared to the non-diabetic group. Although treatment with H. rosa-sinensis led to no toxicity, it showed deleterious effects on cardiac and reproductive functions. However, the diabetic treated group showed increased maternal and fetal weights, reduced AI and CRI, and reduced preimplantation loss rate compared to the untreated diabetic group. CONCLUSION: Our results demonstrate beneficial effects of this flower only in pregnant rats with diabetes and their offspring. Although these findings cannot be extrapolated to human clinical use, they show that the indiscriminate intake of H. rosa-sinensis may be harmful to healthy individuals and its use should be completely avoided in pregnancy.
The effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system.; Heart rate variability assessment of neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers have shown alterations in the autonomic nervous system (ANS). The objective was to study the effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on ANS at the fetal stage by combining cardiac and movement parameters using a non-invasive fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG) technique. This is an observational study with 40 participants where fetuses from a group of 9 Type 1, 19 Type 2 diabetic, and 12 non-diabetic pregnant women were included. Time and frequency domain fetal heart rate variability (fHRV) and coupling of movement and heart rate acceleration parameters related to fetal ANS were analyzed. Group differences were investigated using analysis of covariance to adjust for gestational age (GA). When compared to non-diabetics, the Type 1 diabetics had a 65% increase in average ratio of very low-frequency (VLF) to low-frequency (LF) bands and 63% average decrease in coupling index after adjusting for GA. Comparing Type 2 diabetics to non-diabetics, there was an average decrease in the VLF (50%) and LF bands (63%). Diabetics with poor glycemic control had a higher average VLF/LF (49%) than diabetics with good glycemic control. No significant changes at p < 0.05 were observed in high-frequency (HF) frequency domain parameters or their ratios, or in the time domain. Fetuses of pregestational diabetic mothers exhibited some differences in fHRV frequency domain and heart rate-movement coupling when compared to non-diabetics but the effect of fHRV related to fetal ANS and sympathovagal balance were not as conclusive as observed in the neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers.
Looking at the Future Through the Mother's Womb: Gestational Diabetes and Offspring Fertility.; Altered nutrition or intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development or earlier in a mother's life can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to diseases that manifest when offspring become adults. An example is a maternal obesity associated with gestational diabetes (GDM), where fetal exposure to a hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, and/or hyperlipidemic gestational environment can provoke epigenetic changes that predispose offspring to various diseased conditions later in life. While it is now well established that offspring exposed to GDM have an increased risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, and/or cardiovascular disease in adult life, there are limited studies assessing the reproductive health of these offspring. This mini-review discusses the long-term effect of in utero exposure to GDM-associated adverse prenatal environment on the reproductive health of the offspring. Moreover, using evidence from various animal models and human epidemiological studies, this review offers molecular insight and understanding of how epigenetic reprogramming of genes culminates in reproductive dysfunction and the development of subfertility or infertility later in adult life.
Retinal artery and vein diameters during pregnancy in diabetic women.; PURPOSE: To study systemic and retinal circulatory variables and vasoactive hormones during pregnancy in women with and without diabetes. METHODS: Prospective study of 45 women with type 1 diabetes and 6 healthy pregnant women, from the first trimester of pregnancy to half a year after delivery, by using a fundus photographic method of determining retinal vessel diameters. RESULTS: In diabetic women, the mean arterial blood pressure increased from 90.7 +/- 10.9 mm Hg (mean +/- SD) in the first trimester to 102.4 +/- 16.4 mm Hg in the third trimester, accompanied by retinal arteriolar constriction, from a mean diameter of 95.5 +/- 11.3 to 92.2 +/- 12.9 microm (P = 0.007), arteriolar constriction being prominent in nonsmokers, from 96.6 +/- 11.1 to 92.3 +/- 13.0 microm (P < 0.001; n = 38), but absent in smokers, from 89.2 +/- 11.5 to 92.0 +/- 13.6 microm (P = 0.28). Healthy nonsmoking women demonstrated an increase in blood pressure during pregnancy comparable to that in diabetic women, but the change in mean retinal arteriolar diameter, from 88.5 +/- 10.9 microm in the first to 91.6 +/- 10.2 microm in the third trimester, did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.38). Diabetic retinopathy levels increased during pregnancy, but the change in arteriolar diameter from the first to the third trimester did not correlate with retinopathy, arterial blood pressure, HbA(1c), or atrial natriuretic peptide. Plasma angiotensin II correlated positively with the change in arteriolar diameter in women who did not smoke (P < 0.05). After delivery, retinal vessel diameters returned to the first trimester range in all subgroups. CONCLUSIONS: From the first to the third trimester of pregnancy, blood pressure increased and retinal arteriolar diameter decreased in diabetic women, but the arteriolar constriction associated with pregnancy and systemic arterial blood pressure increase was remarkably absent in diabetic women who smoked tobacco before and during pregnancy. It is unknown whether smoking inhibits this vasoconstrictive response by deactivating mechanisms of physiological adaptation or by activating these mechanisms before the first trimester of pregnancy.
[Placental changes in type 1 diabetes mellitus].; Pathological immune complexes (PIC) are revealed in high percent (100%) of cases by placental immunomorphological studies in insulin-dependent tissue. This leads to the development of an immunopathological process in the placental tissue. Parallel electron microscopy shows that some placental vessels are in close contact with the basal membrane of syncytiotrophoblast. PIC deposition in the area of confluence of the basal membranes of a syncytiotrophoblast and the vascular endothelium, which act as filters, results in the destruction of the basal membranes to rupture formation, causing the transplacental transport of substances together with immune complexes in the form of endocytotic vacuoles from the intervillous lacuna directly to the vessel. Active proliferation of vascular endotheliocyes leads to typical angiopathy as the body's defense reaction.
Pancreastatin is an endogenous peptide that regulates glucose homeostasis.; Pancreastatin (PST) is a regulatory peptide containing 49 amino acids, first isolated from porcine pancreas. Intracellular and extracellular processing of the prohormone Chromogranin A (Chga) results various bioactive peptides of which PST has dysglycemic activity. PST regulates glucose, lipid, and protein metabolism in liver and adipose tissues. It also regulates the secretion of leptin and expression of leptin and uncoupling protein 2 in adipose tissue. In Chga knockout mice, PST induces gluconeogenesis in the liver. PST reduces glucose uptake in mice hepatocytes and adipocytes. In rat hepatocytes, PST induces glycogenolysis and glycolysis and inhibits glycogen synthesis. In rat adipocytes, PST inhibits lactate production and lipogenesis. These metabolic effects are confirmed in humans. In the dual signaling mechanism of PST receptor, mostly PST activates Gαq/11 protein leads to the activation of phospholipase C β3-isoform, therefore increasing cytoplasmic free calcium and stimulating protein kinase C. PST inhibits the cell growth in rat HTC hepatoma cells, mediated by nitric oxide and cyclic GMP production. Elevated levels of PST correlating with catecholamines have been found in gestational diabetes and essential hypertension. Rise in the blood PST level in Type 2 diabetes suggests that PST is a negative regulator of insulin sensitivity and glucose homeostasis.
Maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and epigenetic mechanisms that influence the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease in the offspring.; Since 1980, global obesity has doubled, and the incidence of cardiometabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease is also increasing. While genetic susceptibility and adult lifestyle are implicated in these trends, evidence from clinical cohorts, epidemiological studies and animal model experiments support a role for early-life environmental exposures in determining the long-term health of an individual, which has led to the formulation of the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory. In fact, maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which are on the rise, are strongly associated with altered fetal growth and development as well as with lifelong perturbations in metabolic tissues. A mounting body of evidence implicates epigenetic mechanisms (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications) in the regulation of these effects and their transmission to future generations. This review critically discusses the current evidence (in animal model systems and humans) that implicates maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy in perturbing the epigenome of the next generation, and the consequential impact on growth, organ development and ultimately cardiometabolic disease progression. Additionally, this review will address some of the limitations of the DOHaD approach and areas that require further study. For example, future research requires verification of the mechanistic impact of the epigenetic marks and their persistence over the life course. Ultimately, this knowledge is needed to establish optimal screening, prevention and therapeutic approaches for children at risk of cardiometabolic disease development.
Maternal complications in women with chronic hypertension: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to determine if pregnant women with chronic hypertensive disease have an independent risk for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes or placental abruption. To examine if superimposed preeclampsia in this group of women is related to an increased risk of placental abruption. METHODS: This study is a population-based cohort study using the Swedish Medical Birth Register 1992-98. A population of 681 515 women aged between 15-44 years with singleton pregnancies, excluding women with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), diabetes mellitus and chronic renal disease were studied. Among these, 3374 women were diagnosed with chronic hypertensive disease. Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed and the outcome measures of crude and adjusted odds ratios (OR) were presented with 95% confidence intervals (CI). RESULTS: Chronic hypertensive disease is associated with multiparity, age, high body mass index and Nordic ethnicity. After controlling for confounders, chronic hypertensive disease is an independent risk factor for preeclampsia (OR 3.8; 95% CI 3.4-4.3), gestational diabetes (OR 1.8; 95% CI 1.4-2.4) and placental abruption (OR 2.3; 95% CI 1.6-3.4). CONCLUSION: Chronic hypertensive disease is independently associated with an increased incidence of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and placental abruption.
Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with higher adiposity and insulin resistance and clustering of cardiovascular risk markers in Indian children.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that maternal gestational diabetes increases cardiovascular risk markers in Indian children. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Anthropometry, blood pressure, and glucose/insulin concentrations were measured in 514 children at 5 and 9.5 years of age (35 offspring of diabetic mothers [ODMs], 39 offspring of diabetic fathers [ODFs]). Children of nondiabetic parents were control subjects. RESULTS: At age 9.5 years, female ODMs had larger skinfolds (P < 0.001), higher glucose (30 min) and insulin concentrations, and higher homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance and systolic blood pressure (P < 0.05) than control subjects. Male ODMs had higher HOMA (P < 0.01). Associations were stronger than at age 5 years. Female ODFs had larger skinfolds and male ODFs had higher HOMA (P < 0.05) than control subjects; associations were weaker than for ODMs. Associations between outcomes in control subjects and parental BMI, glucose, and insulin concentrations were similar for mothers and fathers. CONCLUSIONS: The intrauterine environment experienced by ODMs increases diabetes and cardiovascular risk over genetic factors; the effects strengthen during childhood.
[Developmental programming of metabolic diseases--a review of studies on experimental animal models].; Growth and development in utero is a complex and dynamic process that requires interaction between the mother organism and the fetus. The delivery of macro--and micronutrients, oxygen and endocrine signals has crucial importance for providing a high level of proliferation, growth and differentiation of cells, and a disruption in food intake not only has an influence on the growth of the fetus, but also has negative consequences for the offspring’s health in the future. Diseases that traditionally are linked to inappropriate life style of adults, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and arterial hypertension, can be "programmed" in the early stage of life and the disturbed growth of the fetus leads to the symptoms of the metabolic syndrome. The structural changes of some organs, such as the brain, pancreas and kidney, modifications of the signaling and metabolic pathways in skeletal muscles and in fatty tissue, epigenetic mechanisms and mitochondrial dysfunction are the basis of the metabolic disruptions. The programming of the metabolic disturbances is connected with the disruption in the intrauterine environment experienced in the early and late gestation period. It causes the changes in deposition of triglycerides, activation of the hormonal "stress axis" and disturbances in the offspring’s glucose tolerance. The present review summarizes experimental results that led to the identification of the above-mentioned links and it underlines the role of animal models in the studies of this important concept.
Portrait of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes of childbearing age attending diabetes clinics in Italy: the AMD-Annals initiative.; AIM: To describe characteristics relevant in case of an unplanned pregnancy for T1D or T2D women of childbearing age. METHODS: We analyzed the 2011 AMD-Annals dataset, compiling information from 300 clinics (28,840 T1D patients and 532,651 T2D patients). A risk score of unfavorable conditions for pregnancy included HbA1c > 8.0%; BMI ≥ 35; systolic BP ≥ 140 mmHg or diastolic BP ≥ 90 mmHg; microalbuminuria/proteinuria; use of statins, ACE inhibitors, ARB; use of diabetes drugs other than metformin/insulin. RESULTS: The proportion of T2D cases increased from 30.8% (95% CI 29.9-32.4) at age 18-30 years to 67.5% (66.6-68.5) at age 36-45 years. The proportion of women with HbA1c < 7.0% was 20.4% (20.0-20.8) in T1D and 43.4% (42.8-43.9) in T2D women. Furthermore, 47.6% (47.0-48.3) of T1D women and 34.5% (33.9-35.0) of T2D women had HbA1c ≥ 8.0%. The prevalence of obesity (BMI ≥ 30) was sevenfold higher among T2D than T1D women [49.9% (49.4-50.5) and 7.4% (7.2-7.5), respectively]. T2D women were more likely to have hypertension or microalbuminuria than T1D women. Almost half of the T2D women were taking drugs not approved during pregnancy. At least one unfavorable condition for starting a pregnancy was present in 51% of T1D women of childbearing age and in 66.7% of T2D women. CONCLUSIONS: Women with either T1D or T2D of childbearing age in Italy were far from the ideal medical condition for conception. Our data strongly support the need for counseling all women with diabetes about pregnancy planning.
Habitual carbohydrate intake is not correlated with circulating β-hydroxybutyrate levels in pregnant women with overweight and obesity at 28 weeks' gestation.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Pregnant women are advised to consume a minimum of 175 g per day of carbohydrate to meet maternal and fetal brain glucose requirements. This recommendation comes from a theoretical calculation of carbohydrate requirements in pregnancy, rather than from clinical data. This study aimed to determine whether fasting maternal ketone levels are associated with habitual carbohydrate intake in a subset of participants of the Study of PRobiotics IN Gestational diabetes (SPRING) randomised controlled trial. METHODS: Food frequency questionnaires on dietary intake during pregnancy were completed by pregnant women with overweight or obesity at 28 weeks' gestation (considering their intake from the beginning of pregnancy). Dietary intake from early pregnancy through to 28 weeks was analysed for macronutrient intake. At the same time, overnight fasting serum samples were obtained and analysed for metabolic parameters including serum β-hydroxybutyrate, OGTTs, insulin and C-peptide. RESULTS: Fasting serum β-hydroxybutyrate levels amongst 108 women (mean BMI 34.7 ± 6.3 kg/m(2)) ranged from 22.2 to 296.5 μmol/l. Median fasting β-hydroxybutyrate levels were not different between women with high (median [IQR] 68.4 [49.1-109.2 μmol/l]) and low (65.4 [43.6-138.0 μmol/l]) carbohydrate intake in pregnancy. Fasting β-hydroxybutyrate levels were not correlated with habitual carbohydrate intake (median 155 [126-189] g/day). The only metabolic parameter with which fasting β-hydroxybutyrate levels were correlated was 1 h venous plasma glucose (ρ=0.23, p=0.03) during a 75 g OGTT. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Fasting serum β-hydroxybutyrate levels are not associated with habitual carbohydrate intake at 28 weeks' gestation in pregnant women with overweight and obesity.
Histopathology of argon laser photocoagulation in juvenile diabetic retinopathy.; A 24-year-old woman had insulin-dependent juvenile diabetes for 15 years. She developed Sheehan's syndrome (postpartum pituitary necrosis) and diabetic nephropathy at 20 years of age. She had multiple sessions of argon laser photocoagulation for proliferative diabetic retinopathy. Histologically, loss of outer retina and pigmented epithelium occurred at the laser sites. Trypsin retinal digest preparations revealed microaneurysms and markedly decreased numbers of pericytes. The kidneys displayed nodular glomerulosclerosis (Kimmelstiel-Wilson syndrome). The anterior pituitary showed cystic degeneration and old hemorrhage.
Antenatal lifestyle advice for women who are overweight or obese: LIMIT randomised trial.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of antenatal dietary and lifestyle interventions on health outcomes in overweight and obese pregnant women. DESIGN: Multicentre randomised trial. We utilised a central telephone randomisation server, with computer generated schedule, balanced variable blocks, and stratification for parity, body mass index (BMI) category, and hospital. SETTING: Three public maternity hospitals across South Australia. PARTICIPANTS: 2212 women with a singleton pregnancy, between 10+0 and 20+0 weeks' gestation, and BMI ≥ 25. INTERVENTIONS: 1108 women were randomised to a comprehensive dietary and lifestyle intervention delivered by research staff; 1104 were randomised to standard care and received pregnancy care according to local guidelines, which did not include such information. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Incidence of infants born large for gestational age (birth weight ≥ 90th centile for gestation and sex). Prespecified secondary outcomes included birth weight >4000 g, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Analyses used intention to treat principles. RESULTS: 2152 women and 2142 liveborn infants were included in the analyses. The risk of the infant being large for gestational age was not significantly different in the two groups (lifestyle advice 203/1075 (19%) v standard care 224/1067 (21%); adjusted relative risk 0.90, 95% confidence interval 0.77 to 1.07; P=0.24). Infants born to women after lifestyle advice were significantly less likely to have birth weight above 4000 g (lifestyle advice 164/1075 (15%) v standard care 201/1067 (19%); 0.82, 0.68 to 0.99; number needed to treat (NNT) 28, 15 to 263; P=0.04). There were no differences in maternal pregnancy and birth outcomes between the two treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS: For women who were overweight or obese, the antenatal lifestyle advice used in this study did not reduce the risk delivering a baby weighing above the 90th centile for gestational age and sex or improve maternal pregnancy and birth outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12607000161426).
Metabolic control and progression of retinopathy. The Diabetes in Early Pregnancy Study. National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Diabetes in Early Pregnancy Study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the role of metabolic control in the progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a prospective cohort study of 155 diabetic women in the Diabetes in Early Pregnancy Study followed from the periconceptional period to 1 month postpartum. Fundus photographs were obtained shortly after conception (95% within 5 weeks of conception) and within 1 month postpartum. Glycosylated hemoglobin was measured weekly during the 1st trimester and monthly thereafter. RESULTS: In the 140 patients who did not have proliferative retinopathy at baseline, progression of retinopathy was seen in 10.3, 21.1, 18.8, and 54.8% of patients with no retinopathy, microaneurysms only, mild nonproliferative retinopathy, and moderate-to-severe nonproliferative retinopathy at baseline, respectively. Proliferative retinopathy developed in 6.3% with mild and 29% with moderate-to-severe baseline retinopathy. Elevated glycosylated hemoglobin at baseline and the magnitude of improvement of glucose control through week 14 were associated with a higher risk of progression of retinopathy (adjusted odds ratio for progression in those with glycohemoglobin > or = 6 SD above the control mean versus those within 2 SD was 2.7; 95% confidence interval was 1.1-7.2; P = 0.039). CONCLUSIONS: The risk for progression of diabetic retinopathy was increased by initial glycosylated hemoglobin elevations as low as 6 SD above the control mean. This increased risk may be due to suboptimal control itself or to the rapid improvement in metabolic control that occurred in early pregnancy. Excellent metabolic control before conception may be required to avoid this increase in risk. Those with moderate-to-severe retinopathy at conception need more careful ophthalmic monitoring, particularly if their diabetes was suboptimally controlled at conception.
Analysis of factors influencing ventricular filling patterns in fetuses of type I diabetic mothers.; In an effort to determine the factors influencing the abnormal ventricular filling patterns of fetuses of type I diabetic mothers, Doppler flow velocity waveforms were recorded from fetal atrioventricular valves in 37 pregnancies complicated by type I diabetes immediately before an elective cesarean section. The ratio between the peak velocities during early passive ventricular filling and active atrial filling was calculated at the level of both atrioventricular valves and related to different factors including ventricular chamber wall thickness, heart rate, umbilical vein hematocrit and time to peak velocities values obtained at the outflow tract. Multiple stepwise regression demonstrated that the interventricular wall thickness, heart rate and hematocrit values significantly and independently affected the ratios between early and active ventricular filling from mitral and tricuspid valves. As a consequence all these factors should be taken into account in the interpretation of atrioventricular Doppler indices.
Effect of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy.; The incidence of progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy is unknown and its proper management uncertain. In this study, 55 insulin-dependent diabetic patients under strict glucose control were followed throughout pregnancy with serial retinal examinations by ophthalmoscopy and photographs. Nineteen patients had minimal or background retinopathy and 7 had untreated proliferative changes. Six patients had been treated before pregnancy with photocoagulation for proliferative retinopathy. A positive correlation was found between progressive proliferative diabetic retinopathy and the duration of diabetes mellitus independent of glucose control. During gestation 3 of 19 patients (16%) with minimal or background retinopathy and 6 of 7 patients (86%) with untreated proliferative retinopathy experienced deterioration of their eye disease. In 4 patients with proliferative retinopathy, progression of retinal disease was arrested with photocoagulation during pregnancy. Only 1 of 6 who had received laser treatment prior to pregnancy experienced progression of her retinopathy. These results suggest that photocoagulation prior to pregnancy may protect against rapidly progressive proliferative retinopathy and that aggressive treatment during pregnancy can prevent progression of proliferative retinopathy and visual impairment.
Embryonic malformations in rats, resulting from maternal diabetes: preliminary observations.; Diabetes mellitus was induced in female Wistar rats by injections of either alloxan or streptozotocin, and their embryos were found to have significantly higher incidences (7.5%) of brain and heart abnormalities (non-closure of neural folds, and deformities of heart chambers) at mid-gestation than controls (2.2%). There were also increased numbers of resorptions (25% in diabetic animals: 7.2% in controls). Both drugs produced similar abnormalities. External and X-ray examination of 488 foetuses from streptozotocin-treated animals at 20 days showed eight cases of exomphalos, two cases of micrognathia with tongue protrusion, and 34 cases of incomplete sacral ossification. This last deformity occurred also in foetuses of mildly diabetic animals, and has been seen occasionally in infants of human diabetic mothers. Other evidence suggests that skeletal deformities may be due to hyperinsulinism in the foetuses of diabetic mothers. Even a mild or pre-diabetic condition may set the foetus at risk.
Identification of appropriate patients for cardiometabolic risk management.; Patients at increased risk for cardiovascular disease have a wide array of clinical features that should alert practitioners to the need for risk reduction. Some, but not all, of these features relate to insulin resistance. Multiple approaches exist for diagnosing and defining this risk, including the traditional Framingham risk assessment, various definitions of the metabolic syndrome, and assessment of risk factors not commonly included in the standard criteria. This article reviews the many clinical findings that should alert healthcare providers to the need for aggressive cardiovascular risk reduction.
Platelet aggregation and serum adenosine deaminase (ADA) activity in pregnancy associated with diabetes, hypertension and HIV.; Platelet aggregation and adenosine deaminase (ADA) activity were evaluated in pregnant women living with some disease conditions including hypertension, diabetes mellitus and human immunodeficiency virus infection. The subject population is consisted of 15 non-pregnant healthy women [control group (CG)], 15 women with normal pregnancy (NP), 7 women with hypertensive pregnancy (HP), 10 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 12 women with human immunodeficiency virus-infected pregnancy (HIP) groups. The aggregation of platelets was checked using an optical aggregometer, and serum ADA activity was determined using the colorimetric method. After the addition of 5 µM of agonist adenosine diphosphate, the percentage of platelet aggregation was significantly (p < 0·05) increased in NP, HP, GDM and HIP groups when compared with the CG, while the addition of 10 µM of the same agonist caused significant (p < 0·05) elevations in HP, GDM and HIP groups when compared with CG. Furthermore, ADA activity was significantly (p < 0·05) enhanced in NP, HP, GDM and HIP groups when compared with CG. In this study, the increased platelet aggregation and ADA activity in pregnancy and pregnancy-associated diseases suggest that platelet aggregation and ADA activity could serve as peripheral markers for the development of effective therapy in the maintenance of homeostasis and some inflammatory process in these pathophysiological conditions. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Quick measurement of serum unconjugated estrogens, and its clinical application to abnormal pregnancies and ovarian follicle maturation.; Using an automated HPLC system reported recently by us (J Clin Lab Anal 4:410-413, 1990), serum unconjugated estriol and estradiol (u-E3 and u-E2) can be measured within 22 min. The clinical value of this method was evaluated in this study with abnormal pregnancies, twin pregnancies, and pregnancies associated with fetal anencephaly or complicated by gestational toxicosis or diabetes mellitus. A significant correlation was demonstrated between an abrupt decrease in serum u-E3 level and an abnormal pattern on fetal heart rate monitor. Since urinary E3 was not sensitive enough to detect any depressed fetal condition, serum u-E3 is better biochemical parameter for assessment of fetal well-being. In addition, u-E2 was measured in the sera of nonpregnant women with separation chromatography as a pretreatment in order to obtain higher sensitivity of the system. This modified HPLC system enabled us to determine the serum u-E2 in about 60 min with the minimal detectable value of 80 pg/ml; the coefficient of correlation with RIA was 0.822. As a result, this quick measurement of u-E3 and u-E2 by our HPLC system revealed to be useful not only for evaluating fetoplacental function but also for monitoring ovarian follicle maturation.
Pregnancy and Birth Outcomes Among Primiparae at Very Advanced Maternal Age: At What Price?; OBJECTIVES: In light of the potential physical and emotional costs to both woman and child, this study was conducted to assess pregnancy complications and birth outcomes in primiparae at very advanced maternal age (VAMA, aged ≥45) compared to younger primiparae. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study comparing 222 VAMA primiparae and a reference group of 222 primiparae aged 30-35, delivering at Sheba Medical Center from 2008 through 2013. RESULTS: VAMA primiparae were more likely than younger primiparae to be single, to have chronic health conditions, and higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational-hypertension (GHTN) and preeclampsia-eclampsia. VAMA primiparae conceived mostly by oocyte donation. They were more likely to be hospitalized during pregnancy, to deliver preterm and by cesarean birth. Infants of VAMA primiparae were at greater risk for low birthweight and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit admission. There were no differences in outcomes between VAMA primiparae with or without preexisting chronic conditions, or between those aged 45-49 and ≥50. In multivariable analysis VAMA was an independent risk factor for GDM, GHTN and preeclamsia-eclampsia, with adjusted odds ratio of 2.38 (95 % CI 1.32, 4.29), 5.80 (95 % CI 2.66, 12.64) and 2.45 (95 % CI 1.03, 5.85); respectively. The effect of age disappeared in multiple pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: Primiparity at VAMA holds a significant risk for adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes. The absence of chronic medical conditions or the use of a young oocyte donor does not improve these outcomes. Multiple pregnancies hold additional risk and may diminish the effect of age. Primiparity at an earlier age should be encouraged.
Pregnant woman with transient diabetes insipidus resistant to 1-desamino-8-D-arginine vasopressin.; We encountered a pregnant woman with transient diabetes insipidus which developed during the third trimester. A hypertonic saline infusion study did not concentrate the osmolality of urine. Her laboratory data showed hypokalemia, hyperreninemia, an increased concentration of plasma aldosterone and an increased urinary excretion rate of prostaglandin E2, which resembled hyperprostaglandin E-syndrome. T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging of the posterior pituitary gland revealed decreased intensity. Polyuria reached 4-6 L daily, and urine osmolality remained dilute despite a lapse of four days since treatment with intranasal 1-desamino-8-D-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP: 10-25 microg every 12 h). The patient was conservatively managed without medical treatment, then delivered in the 38th week of pregnancy without complication. The osmolality of the patient's urine was higher than that of the plasma when tested 3 days postpartum. The abnormality of magnetic resonance imaging of the posterior pituitary gland disappeared at 6 months after delivery. We consider that subclinical nephrogenic diabetes insipidus in our patient was exacerbated during pregnancy.
Enhanced cerebral substrate pools in the fetus and neonate of the diabetic canine mother.; Energy stores and intermediates of carbohydrate metabolism were investigated in the freeze-clamped cerebral cortex of the fetus and fasted neonate born to a diabetic canine mother. Prior studies in these same pups demonstrated circulating hyperinsulinemia, depressed free fatty acid levels, and attenuated gluconeogenesis. Hepatic and muscle tissue also demonstrated augmented levels of glycogen, triglycerides, and amino acids. In the present investigation, cerebral tissue from these same pups of diabetic mothers also demonstrated enhanced fetal cerebral glucose and glycogen content. After 24 h of neonatal fasting, cerebral glycogen content declined to values lower than in control pups. Cerebral cortical levels of glucose-6-phosphate, fructose-6-phosphate, lactate, citrate, alpha-ketoglutarate, and malate were not altered, while oxaloacetate was higher at 3 and 9 h and fructose-1,6-diphosphate was higher at 9 and 24 h in the IDM pups. Adenine nucleotide levels and the energy charge were equivalent to those in control pups at each time interval. In contrast, cerebral cortical amino acids of the glutamate group were enhanced in the fetus or neonate of the diabetic mother. Cerebral cortical alanine was increased from 3 to 24 h while aspartate and glutamate were augmented in the fetus and fasted IDM newborn pup. Glutamine was increased at 6 and 24 h, while gamma-aminobutyrate was elevated in the fetus. Cerebral ammonia concentration was not altered. The augmented stores of cerebral carbohydrate and amino acid pools in the fetus and neonate after maternal canine diabetes may serve as oxidizable substrates for the brain during periods of attenuated systemic fuel availability.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Circulating concentrations of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine are increased in women with previous gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The concentration of asymmetrical dimethyl- L-arginine (ADMA), an endogenous inhibitor of the nitric oxide synthase, is increased in patients at risk or with cardiovascular disease. We have investigated ADMA concentrations in women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), who could develop endothelial dysfunction and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus after delivery, and in healthy control subjects. METHODS: Previous GDM patients were grouped according to their BMI as obese (> or =25 kg/m(2), n=46) or non-adipose (<25 kg/m(2), n=31). Serum samples were taken 14 to 16 weeks after delivery and after 1 year. The control group comprised 17 healthy women (BMI<25 kg/m(2)). ADMA concentrations were analysed by high performance liquid chromatography. RESULTS: ADMA concentrations were comparable between obese and non-adipose GDM patients (0.58+/-0.02 and 0.57+/-0.02 micro mol/l, respectively), and higher than in the control group (0.47+/-0.03 micro mol/l; p<0.006). Insulin resistance as estimated by the insulin sensitivity index was more frequent among the obese than the non-adipose GDM women (p<0.05) and control subjects (p<0.05, both). No change in ADMA concentrations was found after 1 year in women with GDM. There was only a slight correlation between ADMA and BMI (r=0.26, p<0.02), triglycerides (r=0.29, p<0.004), or fasting plasma glucose (r=0.21, p<0.05), and not with the insulin sensitivity index or other parameters. In a multiple regression analysis ADMA serum concentrations were only associated with triglycerides. CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Circulating ADMA concentrations are increased in normoglycaemic women with previous GDM. This increase is independent from other risk factors or surrogate markers for diabetes or cardiovascular events.
Association of polymorphism of methylene-tetrahydro-folate-reductase with urinary albumin excretion rate in type 1 diabetes mellitus but not with preeclampsia, retinopathy, and preterm delivery.; AIM: The genetic setting is a potential risk factor for dysfunction of vascular endothelial cells. The prevalence of polymorphism in the methylene-tetrahydro-folate-reductase (MTHFR) gene (677C-->T) was evaluated in diabetic pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, nephropathy, retinopathy, and preterm delivery. The role of hyperhomocysteinemia in microangiopathy in diabetes mellitus has been debated and is mainly seen with reduced activity of the MTHFR gene. A polymorphism in the gene for MTHFR is identified causing this phenomenon. DESIGN: Two hundred and sixty-eight pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus were recruited. Two hundred and thirty-three women were successfully analyzed for MTHFR gene polymorphism 677C-->T and compared to the incidence of the polymorphism in the background population (n=1084). The pregnancy data charts were reviewed retrospectively. RESULTS: The frequency of the MTHFR polymorphism in the background population was 29% and the heterozygozity 42%. The women with type 1 diabetes mellitus had a higher frequency of the MTHFR polymorphism with 52% heterozygotes and 9% homozygotes than had the background population (heterozygotes, background vs. type 1 diabetes mellitus: chi(2)=14, df=1, p<0.0002). The odds ratio for heterozygozity of the MTHFR polymorphism was 1.8 (95% Cl: 1.3-2.4) in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Women with either micro- or macroalbuminuria had a higher frequency of MTHFR polymorphism with 61% heterozygotes and 3% homozygotes than had the background population (heterozygotes: chi(2)=8.9, df=1, p<0.01). The odds ratio for heterozygozity of the MTHFR polymorphism was 2.3 (95% CI: 1.4-4) in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: An association was demonstrated between the MTHFR polymorphism and type 1 diabetes mellitus as well as increasing albumin excretion rate in pregnant women.
The association between gestational diabetes mellitus and cancer in women: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.; AIM: Both type 1 and type 2 diabetes are associated with greater risk of a variety of cancers. However, the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and risk of cancer has so far not been well addressed. This study aimed to summarize the epidemiological evidence of the association between GDM and subsequent risk of cancer. METHODS: PubMed and Embase databases were searched for relevant studies, and a random-effects model was used to calculate the summary relative risks (RRs) along with the corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: A total of 17 observational studies were selected, comprising 7 case-control and 10 cohort studies. Pooled effect estimates retrieved from these 17 studies showed that GDM was associated with an increased risk of breast cancer in Asia (pooled RR: 1.31, 95% CI: 1.01-1.70), but not in other regions, and also with thyroid cancer (RR: 1.28, 95% CI: 1.16-1.42), stomach cancer (RR: 1.43, 95% CI: 1.02-2.00) and liver cancer (RR: 1.27, 95% CI: 1.03-1.55). However, GDM was not associated with any increased risk of colon (RR: 1.41, 95% CI: 0.90-2.21), colorectal (RR: 1.16, 95% CI: 0.95-1.41), ovarian (RR: 1.14, 95% CI: 0.90-1.44), cervical (RR: 1.02, 95% CI: 0.81-1.29), pancreatic (RR: 3.49, 95% CI: 0.80-15.23), brain and nervous system (RR: 1.26, 95% CI: 0.80-1.97), blood (leukaemia, RR: 0.77, 95% CI: 0.45-1.30), endometrial (RR: 0.77, 95% CI: 0.20-2.98), skin (RR: 1.13, 95% CI: 0.81-1.59) or urological (RR: 0.98, 95% CI: 0.73-1.31) cancers. CONCLUSION: GDM is associated with a greater risk of cancer in women, including breast, thyroid, stomach and liver cancers. However, further investigation is nonetheless warranted.
Genes within the major histocompatibility complex predict NIDDM in African-American women in Alabama.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that genes within the major histocompatibility complex (MHC) are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and, subsequently, non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in African-American women. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: African-American women who presented with GDM were compared with pregnant African-American control subjects. Following pregnancy, GDM patients were assessed at various intervals of time (median = 6 years) to determine whether they had developed diabetes. RESULTS: GDM patients who required insulin during pregnancy possessed a significantly higher frequency of A33, DR2, DR9, and BF-S phenotypes than control subjects. GDM patients who subsequently developed NIDDM had a significantly higher frequency of B41, DR2, and BF-S and a lower frequency of DR1 and DR6 phenotypes than control subjects. Even after controlling for age and body mass index, B41 and DR2 were independent predictors of developing insulin-requiring GDM and NIDDM in GDM subjects. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that either one or more genes within the MHC are involved in the etiology of NIDDM.
[Alterations of left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus].; BACKGROUND: During pregnancy, major cardiovascular changes occur. The aim of the following study was to investigate the course of hemodynamic parameters under the increased volume load during pregnancy and delivery in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. METHODS: We examined 51 pregnant diabetic and 51 healthy pregnant women. The control group consisted of 51 healthy non-pregnant women. In all women, left ventricular mass and fractional shortening were calculated. To evaluate left ventricular diastolic function, mitral inflow and pulmonary venous flow profiles were analyzed. RESULTS: During pregnancy left ventricular mass increased, fractional shortening decreased and diastolic dysfunction was found. While the healthy pregnant women developed signs of disturbed relaxation during pregnancy, pregnant diabetic women showed signs of a disturbed relaxation already at the beginning of gestation. A total of 29 pregnant diabetic women developed a restrictive filling pattern already at the 24th week of gestation. The remaining 22 diabetics had a comparable restrictive filling pattern only during vaginal delivery. In 10 of the 29 pregnant diabetic women dangerous complications were documented, while there were no complications in the healthy pregnant women and the other 22 diabetic pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: In healthy women pregnancy results in a reversible physiologic left ventricular hypertrophy, a disturbed relaxation pattern and a temporary decrease of left ventricular systolic function. In contrast, pregnant diabetic women demonstrated a delayed relaxation at the beginning of pregnancy and developed a restrictive filling pattern. The early development of a restrictive filling pattern may predispose to complications during delivery in pregnant diabetic women.
The effect of experimental diabetes on prostacyclin production by tissues from pregnant rats.; Prostacyclin (PGI2) the major product of arachidonic acid metabolism in blood vessels has potent platelet anti-aggregatory and vasodilator activities. Recently it has been shown that PGI2 production is depressed in arterial tissue from diabetic patients. We have studied the effect of experimental diabetes on PGI2 production in both arterial and myometrial tissue from pregnant rats to determine whether myometrial PI2 production is affected in a similar way to vascular synthesis. We confirm that vascular production of PGI2 is diminished in pregnant diabetic rats but this reduction appears to be related to the duration of diabetes. However no difference was seen in myometrial PGI2 production between diabetic and control pregnant rats. It therefore appears that the effect of the diabetic state on PGI2 synthesis in this study shows a degree of selectivity.
Gestational Bell's Palsy Is Associated with Higher Blood Pressure during Late Pregnancy and Lower Birth Weight: A Retrospective Case-Control Study.; The associations between gestational Bell's palsy (GBP) and late obstetric complications (LOCs), i.e., preeclampsia (PE), eclampsia (EC), gestational hypertension (GHT), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear. This study aimed to evaluate these associations and the neonatal health of the newborns born from pregnant women with and without GBP. A retrospective 1:5 case-control study matching exact maternal age and gravidity between pregnant women with and without GBP in Songklanagarind Hospital from 2006 to 2016 was conducted. The associations between GBP and PE, EC, GHT, and GDM, as well as comparison of the newborns' health indices were analyzed by bivariate analysis (p < 0.05). Eight GBP cases out of 8,756 pregnant women were recruited. Six GBP cases were first or second gravid. GBP occurred during the third trimester in five cases. Except for higher median systolic blood pressure (125 (114.2, 127.5) vs. (110 (107.0, 116.0), p = 0.045) and diastolic blood pressures (77 (73.0, 80.8) vs. 70 (65.0, 73.2), p = 0.021) in the GBP cases, associations between GBP and all LOCs could not be concluded due to the lack of power. However, a significantly lower mean birth weight in the newborns of GBP mothers was found (2672.2 (744.0) vs. 3154.8 (464.7), p = 0.016) with statistically significant power. Except for the higher blood pressures and lower birth weights of the newborns of GBP mothers, an association between GBP and LOCs remains inconclusive.
[Cardiovascular neuropathy in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes].; OBJECTIVE: Autonomic neuropathy has recently been recognized as a potential risk factor in pregnancy of type 1 diabetics. The aim of the study was to highlight this poorly recognized problem in the obstetric management of diabetic mothers. STUDY DESIGN: 94 pregnant type 1 diabetics aged 20-35 with a minimum five--year duration of diabetes. A normal population, i.e. 46 age-matched pregnant women without diabetes were evaluated, because there are no normal values for this population. Cardiovascular tests and structured clinical examination were performed on 3 occasions 3 times during pregnancy (once in each trimester). Cardiovascular tests were performed using the ProSciCard system. A full test battery were performed and six basic tests were evaluated. HbA1c was used to assess diabetes control. Diabetic polyneuropathy was clinically assessed by Dyck's staging system. RESULTS: The incidence of moderate and severe autonomic neuropathy in type-1 diabetic pregnant women was 8.5%. There was no increase in the perinatal morbidity and mortality associated with moderate and severe autonomic neuropathy. CONCLUSION: The presence of moderate to severe symptomatic autonomic neuropathy in patients with type-1 diabetes is not a contraindication for pregnancy. If pregnancy is achieved, the patients should be monitored for the occurrence of pernicious vomiting.
Activated ClC-2 Inhibits p-Akt to Repress Myelination in GDM Newborn Rats.; This study aims to investigate the effect and mechanism of type 2 voltage-gated chloride channel (ClC-2) on myelin development of newborn rats' cerebral white matter with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). In this study, GDM model was induced in late pregnant rat model. The alteration of ClC-2 expression in various developmental stages of cerebral white matter with/without being exposed to high glucose was analyzed using RT-PCR, active oxygen detection, TUNEL staining, Western Blot as well as immuno-histochemical staining. Our results showed that ClC-2 mRNA and protein expressions in GDM group were significantly increased in white matter of fetal rats after E18 stage, and elevated the level of TNF-α and iNOS in white matter at P0 and P3 stage of newborn rats. Meanwhile, In GDM group, reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels of the white matter at E18, P0, and P3 stage were significantly higher than control group. Furthermore, the expression level of myelin transcription factor Olig2 at P0 stage and CNPase at P3 stage were strikingly lower than that of the control group. In GDM group, ClC-2 expression in the corpus callosum (CC) and cingulate gyrus (CG) regains, and TUNEL positive cell number were increased at P0 and P3 stage. However, PDGFα positive cell number at P0 stage and CNPase expression at P3 stage were significantly decreased. Caspase-3 was also increased in those white matter regions in GDM group, but p-Akt expression was inhibited. While DIDS (a chloride channel blocker) can reverse these changes. In conclusion, ClC-2 and caspase-3 were induced by GDM, which resulted in apoptosis and myelination inhibition. The effect was caused by repressing PI3K-Akt signaling pathway. Application of ClC-2 inhibitor DIDS showed protective effects on cerebral white matter damage stimulated by high glucose concentration.
Psychometric evaluation of a novel tool for assessing gestational diabetes and hypertension care: knowledge, attitudes, and practices of midwives and nurses.; While standardized assessment of knowledge, attitudes, and practices (KAP) related to gestational diabetes and hypertension is possible with a valid tool, existing research remains limited. This prospective validation study aimed to develop and validate a novel tool to assess the KAP of midwives and obstetric nurses. We included 125 midwives and obstetric nurses who routinely care for patients with gestational diabetes and hypertension. The tool demonstrated good internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha): knowledge (0.729, 95% CI, 0.654-0.776), attitude (0.756, 95% CI, 0.690-0.814), and practices (0.925, 95% CI, 0.905-0.943). Difficulty indices (d) ranged from 0.38 to 0.99 (knowledge), 0.41 to 0.99 (attitudes), and 0.41 to 0.93 (practices), indicating appropriate item difficulty. Discrimination indices (D) confirmed items could differentiate between respondents with low and high knowledge levels (D range: 0.02-0.77 for knowledge, 0.06-0.64 for attitudes, 0.20-0.84 for practices). The robust psychometric properties of this tool support its use in future research on KAP related to diabetes and gestational hypertension management in midwives and nurses. This instrument has the potential to be valuable in various settings, including baseline assessment before educational programs or evaluation of learning outcomes after interventions.
Amniotic fluid creatinine in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; Amniotic fluid (AF) creatinine concentrations, determined in 353 samples from 167 pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes, are similar to those found at comparable gestation in uncomplicated pregnancy. Added maternal vascular disease significantly raises AF creatinine to such a degree that overestimation of fetal (renal) maturity is a clinical hazard if based solely on this parameter. Relative concentrations of creatinine in AF and maternal plasma (AF/MP ratio) are related to gestational age. Failure of AF creatinine to rise consistently on successive serial samples accompanies an increased risk of perinatal death in the pregnancy complicated by diabetes, four of five deaths in the present series following declines in this measurement.
Migraine and Ischemic Stroke in Women. A Narrative Review.; OBJECTIVE/BACKGROUND: Migraine is associated with ischemic stroke. Women are 3-fold as likely as men to have migraine, and high estrogen states increase the risk of migraine with aura (MWA), venous thromboembolism (VTE), and of stroke. We review the epidemiological and mechanistic evidence of the migraine-stroke relationship and its risk factors, with a focus on women and conditions that exclusively or predominantly affect them.  METHODS: We performed a search of MEDLINE/PubMed database, then a narrative review of the epidemiological evidence of the migraine-stroke relationship as well as the evidence for arterial, thrombophilic, and cardiac mechanisms to explain this connection. We examine the implications of this evidence for the diagnostic evaluation and treatment of MWA. RESULTS: MWA is associated with multiple stroke risk factors, such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, cigarette smoking, atrial fibrillation, and patent foramen ovale. In women, MWA is also associated with biomarkers of endothelial activation, hormonal contraceptive use, pregnancy, and VTE. This suggests that a subset of auras may be secondary, that is, induced by ischemia related to microemboli or in situ thrombosis. MWA-associated ischemic stroke is more common in young (<45 years old) women with high frequency of migraine attacks, hormonal contraception use, and with pregnancy and preeclampsia. There is increasing evidence that cardioembolism, often in conjunction with thrombophilia, plays a prominent role in MWA-associated cerebral infarction. CONCLUSION: The commonality of factors associated with MWA and with MWA-associated stroke suggest that persons with secondary, ischemia-induced aura may be at elevated risk of stroke. Although further research is needed, we recommend consideration of a diagnostic evaluation of MWA that mirrors the evaluation of transient ischemic attack, given that prophylactic treatment targeting the ischemic origin of secondary aura may prevent migraine as well as stroke.
Association Between Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate whether sleep-disordered breathing during pregnancy is a risk factor for the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this prospective cohort study, nulliparous women underwent in-home sleep-disordered breathing assessments in early (6-15 weeks of gestation) and midpregnancy (22-31 weeks of gestation). Participants and health care providers were blinded to the sleep test results. An apnea-hypopnea index of 5 or greater was used to define sleep-disordered breathing. Exposure-response relationships were examined, grouping participants into four apnea-hypopnea index groups: 0, greater than 0 to less than 5, 5 to less than 15, and 15 or greater. The study was powered to test the primary hypothesis that sleep-disordered breathing occurring in pregnancy is associated with an increased incidence of preeclampsia. Secondary outcomes were rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, defined as preeclampsia and antepartum gestational hypertension, and GDM. Crude and adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated from univariate and multivariate logistic regression models. RESULTS: Three thousand seven hundred five women were enrolled. Apnea-hypopnea index data were available for 3,132 (84.5%) and 2,474 (66.8%) women in early and midpregnancy, respectively. The corresponding prevalence of sleep-disordered breathing was 3.6% and 8.3%. The prevalence of preeclampsia was 6.0%, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy 13.1%, and GDM 4.1%. In early and midpregnancy the adjusted odds ratios for preeclampsia when sleep-disordered breathing was present were 1.94 (95% CI 1.07-3.51) and 1.95 (95% CI 1.18-3.23), respectively; hypertensive disorders of pregnancy 1.46 (95% CI 0.91-2.32) and 1.73 (95% CI 1.19-2.52); and GDM 3.47 (95% CI 1.95-6.19) and 2.79 (95% CI 1.63-4.77). Increasing exposure-response relationships were observed between apnea-hypopnea index and both hypertensive disorders and GDM. CONCLUSION: There is an independent association between sleep-disordered breathing and preeclampsia, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and GDM.
A Longitudinal Study of Plasma Glycated Albumin across Pregnancy and Associations with Maternal Characteristics and Cardiometabolic Biomarkers.; BACKGROUND: Glycated albumin (GA) has recently been proposed as a screening marker for diabetes among non-pregnant individuals. However, data on GA during pregnancy are sparse and lacking among women of diverse race/ethnicity. We investigated longitudinal concentrations of GA among multiracial pregnant women in the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) Fetal Growth Studies-Singletons. METHODS: We quantified GA and cardiometabolic biomarkers using longitudinal plasma samples collected at 10 to 14, 15 to 26 (fasting), 23 to 31, and 33 to 39 gestational weeks from 214 pregnant women without gestational diabetes. We examined the distribution of GA across pregnancy and its association with participants' characteristics including race/ethnicity, pre-pregnancy body mass index (ppBMI), and selected cardiometabolic biomarkers. GA trajectories were estimated using a latent class approach. RESULTS: Medians (interquartile range) of GA concentrations were 12.1% (10.6%-13.4%), 12.5% (10.7%-13.8%), 12.4% (10.9%-13.5%), and 11.5% (10.4%-12.5%) at 10 to 14, 15 to 26, 23 to 31, and 33 to 39 weeks, respectively. There were no significant differences in the pattern among different race/ethnic groups (P > 0.53). A minority of women exhibited a GA trajectory characterized by a high concentration of GA at 15 to 26 weeks. GA concentrations were inversely related to ppBMI and plasma low-density lipoprotein and triglyceride concentrations, but were not significantly related to hemoglobin A1c, fasting insulin, or glucose over pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: In this study of individuals who were normoglycemic before pregnancy, plasma GA concentrations stayed relatively constant over pregnancy, decreasing only in late pregnancy. GA concentrations were inversely related to ppBMI and suboptimal lipid profiles, but did not appear to be a sensitive marker for glucose metabolism in pregnancy.
Higher hemoglobin levels are an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.; Incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased rapidly. It poses significant risks for both mother and fetus affecting also negatively their longer-term metabolic heath. We asked whether early pregnancy maternal hemoglobin (Hb) levels, indicative for tissue oxygenation, would affect mother's metabolic health and fetal outcome. We assessed in FinnGeDi, a Finnish multicenter case-control study for GDM (n = 1828), association of maternal 1st trimester Hb levels with metabolic parameters and perinatal outcome. Our data show that mothers with GDM had higher Hb levels compared to controls (mean difference 1.746 g/L). Hb levels associated positively with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose levels and glucose levels in a glucose tolerance test and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (bp) levels. When assessed in quartiles the highest Hb quartile had more chronic and gestational hypertension and the most adverse outcome of the metabolic parameters, dose-dependency seen in bp, BMI and glucose levels. In a multivariable regression analysis Hb levels remained an independently associated parameter for GDM after adjusting for key covariates (OR 1.019, 95% CI [1.007; 1.031]). In conclusion, higher maternal Hb levels within the normal variation are an independent risk factor for GDM in this population but have little effect on perinatal outcome.
Inflammatory markers and retinopathy in pregnancies complicated with type I diabetes.; AIM: The relation of maternal cytokine levels to retinopathy progression during diabetic pregnancy is a less studied subject. Therefore, we investigated levels of systemic proinflammatory markers, C-reactive peptide (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and circulating vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) during pregnancy and postpartum in relation to the progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR). METHODS: A prospective follow-up study of 39 pregnant women with Type I diabetes and eight nondiabetic pregnant women was performed. DR was graded from fundus photographs. Plasma levels of systemic proinflammatory markers were measured by immunofluorometric assay (CRP) and by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (IL-6 and VCAM-1) in the first, second (diabetics only), third trimester of pregnancy, and 3 and 6 months postpartum (diabetics only). RESULTS: Our diabetic women had good glycaemic control (HbA1c 6.9 +/- 0.8). The levels of IL-6, VCAM-1, and CRP did not differ between diabetic and nondiabetic women throughout pregnancy and postpartum (repeated measures ANOVA between the groups). An association between CRP and progression of retinopathy was observed in diabetic women (P = 0.037). Additional evidence of inter-relationship could be revealed as CRP was higher in those diabetic women with worse glycaemic control (HbA1c) (P = 0.038). CONCLUSIONS: During pregnancy and postpartum, levels of proinflammatory factors (IL-6, CRP, VCAM-1) seem to be generally similar in Type I diabetic women compared to nondiabetic controls. However, CRP levels were higher in those diabetic women with progression of retinopathy and in those with worse glycaemic control.
Effects of Maternal Obesity On Placental Phenotype.; The incidence of obesity is rising rapidly worldwide with the consequence that more women are entering pregnancy overweight or obese. This leads to an increased incidence of clinical complications during pregnancy and of poor obstetric outcomes. The offspring of obese pregnancies are often macrosomic at birth although there is also a subset of the progeny that are growth-restricted at term. Maternal obesity during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular, metabolic and endocrine dysfunction in the offspring later in life. As the interface between the mother and fetus, the placenta has a central role in programming intrauterine development and is known to adapt its phenotype in response to environmental conditions such as maternal undernutrition and hypoxia. However, less is known about placental function in the abnormal metabolic and endocrine environment associated with maternal obesity during pregnancy. This review discusses the placental consequences of maternal obesity induced either naturally or experimentally by increasing maternal nutritional intake and/or changing the dietary composition. It takes a comparative, multi-species approach and focusses on placental size, morphology, nutrient transport, metabolism and endocrine function during the later stages of obese pregnancy. It also examines the interventions that have been made during pregnancy in an attempt to alleviate the more adverse impacts of maternal obesity on placental phenotype. The review highlights the potential role of adaptations in placental phenotype as a contributory factor to the pregnancy complications and changes in fetal growth and development that are associated with maternal obesity.
Effect of propranolol on fetal tachycardia in diabetic pregnancy.; Propranolol was administered during the last 20 days of pregnancy to a diabetic woman because of fetal tachycardia (heart rate approximately 200 beats/min). With a daily dose of 160 mg of propranolol, a fetal heart rat of 120 to 160 beats/min could be achieved. Blood concentration of propranolol was measured in the mother and infant after birth. The level in the neonatal blood was 20 percent of the maternal sample, which is definitely higher than expected from animal experiments. No undersirable effect of propranolol treatment was detected. Postpartum, the infant demonstrated paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, and propranolol was again essential in maintaining a normal rate.
Associations of maternal asthma severity and control with pregnancy complications.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the associations of maternal asthma severity and control with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes and cesarean delivery. METHODS: A cohort of 41 660 pregnancies from women with and without asthma who delivered between 1990 and 2002 was constructed by linking Québec's administrative databases. Maternal asthma was defined by at least one asthma diagnosis and one dispensed prescription for an asthma medication in the 2 years before or during pregnancy. Asthma severity and control were assessed using validated indexes during the entire pregnancy to study cesarean delivery and 1-year prior to week 20 of gestation to study PIH and gestational diabetes. Generalized Estimation Equation models were used to obtain odds ratios (OR) for PIH, gestational diabetes and cesarean in association with maternal asthma severity and control. RESULTS: Almost one-third of the women had uncontrolled asthma and up to 5% had severe asthma. Severe asthma increased the risk of cesarean delivery (OR = 1.35; 95% CI: 1.11-1.63) compared with mild asthma, but no association was found between asthma severity and the other outcomes. The level of asthma control was not associated with any of the outcomes, except for a near-significant increased risk of PIH among uncontrolled women (OR = 1.18; 95% CI: 0.97-1.42). CONCLUSIONS: The risk of gestational diabetes was not associated with asthma severity or control, and the risk of PIH was not associated with asthma severity. However, further studies are needed to clarify the association between asthma control and PIH. The increased risk of cesarean among women with severe asthma may be explained by the physician's and patient's concerns over the safety of normal delivery.
[Hypertensive disorders during pregnancy: Cardiovascular long-term outcomes].; Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) induces maternal and fetal damage, but it can also be the beginning of future metabolic and vascular disorders. The relative risk of chronic hypertension after PIH is between 2.3 and 11, and the likelihood of subsequent development of type 2 diabetes is multiplied by 1.8. Women with prior preeclampsia/eclampsia have a twofold risk of stroke and a higher frequency of arrhythmias and hospitalization due to heart failure. Furthermore, a tenfold greater risk for long-term chronic kidney disease is observed as well. The relative risk of cardiovascular death is 2.1 times higher compared to the group without pregnancy-induced hypertension problems, although the risk is between 4 and 7 times higher in preterm birth associated with gestational hypertension or pre-existing hypertension The postpartum period is a great opportunity to intervene on lifestyle, obesity, make an early diagnosis of chronic hypertension and DM and provide the necessary treatments to prevent cardiovascular complications in women.
Some thoughts on the vasculopathy of women with ischemic heart disease.; Considerable experimental and clinical data indicate that sex has an important influence on cardiovascular physiology and pathology. This report integrates selected literature with new data from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation (WISE) on vascular findings in women with ischemic heart disease (IHD) and how these findings differ from those in men. A number of common vascular disease-related conditions are either unique to (e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, peripartum dissection, polycystic ovarian syndrome, etc.) or more frequent (e.g., migraine, coronary spasm, lupus, vasculitis, Raynaud's phenomenon, etc.) in women than men. Post-menopausal women more frequently have many traditional vascular disease risk conditions (e.g., hypertension, diabetes, obesity, inactivity, and so on), and these conditions cluster more frequently in them than men. Considerable evidence supports the notion that, with these requisite conditions, women develop a more severe or somewhat different form of vascular disease than men. Structurally, women's coronary vessels are smaller in size and appear to contain more diffuse atherosclerosis, their aortas are stiffer (fibrosis, remodeling, and so on), and their microvessels appear to be more frequently dysfunctional compared with men. Functionally, women's vessels frequently show impaired vasodilator responses. Limitations of existing data and higher risks in women with acute myocardial infarction, need for revascularization, or heart failure create uncertainty about management. A better understanding of these findings should provide direction for new algorithms to improve management of the vasculopathy underlying IHD in women.
Systematic review of effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of lifestyle interventions to improve clinical diabetes outcome measures in women with a history of GDM.; OBJECTIVE: Lifestyle interventions have been shown to be both effective and cost-effective in reducing diabetes and metabolic risk in high-risk populations. We systematically reviewed the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of lifestyle interventions on anthropometric, glycemic and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHOD: Relevant randomized control trials (RCT) were identified by searching multiple electronic databases through 20th June 2018. Data were pooled using random-effects models. The review protocol was registered on the PROSPERO international prospective register of systematic reviews (PROSPERO 2016: CRD42018108870). RESULTS: Twenty-one studies met the inclusion criteria and 16 studies with outcome data were analyzed in the meta-analysis. No RCT studies included cost-effectiveness data on lifestyle interventions. The pooled estimate for postpartum weight showed a significant mean reduction in the intervention arm (-1.8 kg [95% CI: -2.9, -0.6; p = 0.002; I(2) = 92.2%; p < 0.05]). Further, the effect of lifestyle intervention on weight change was significantly greater in studies of longer duration. Most of the other endpoints had modest improvements but only anthropometric endpoints were statistically significant. However, there was high heterogeneity between the studies. CONCLUSIONS: Lifestyle interventions showed statistically and clinically significant improvements in anthropometric outcomes. However, more research is needed to explore lifestyle effects on glycemic and cardiovascular risk factors and to establish cost-effectiveness. Methodologically sound, large scale studies on diverse ethnicities and with longer follow-up would establish the real effect of lifestyle interventions to reduce diabetes risk in women with previous GDM.
Alterations in segmentary branch pulmonary artery blood flow velocimetry in fetuses of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate pulmonary blood flow in fetuses of diabetic mothers by measuring changes in fetal segmentary pulmonary artery blood flow velocimetry throughout pregnancy. METHODS: Thirty-eight women with pregestational diabetes between weeks 18 and 38 were compared with 99 women with singleton low-risk gestations as controls. Flow velocity waveforms at the proximal middle and distal segments of the right pulmonary artery were obtained with power and color Doppler sonography in all fetuses. The pulsatility index of each segment was compared between the 2 groups. The mean value and 95% confidence interval for each segment were determined in correlation with gestational age for both groups. RESULTS: The highest mean pulsatility indices were obtained in the proximal segment of the pulmonary artery and were 2.25 in the diabetes group and 2.36 in controls. The mean pulsatility indices were significantly decreased in the middle and distal segments to 1.59 and 1.10 in the diabetes group and to 1.57 and 1.02 in controls (P < .05). There were no significant differences in pulsatility indices measured at the proximal and middle segments between the study and control groups. However, the mean pulsatility index +/- SD measured at the distal segment in the diabetic group was 9% higher than in controls (1.10 +/- 0.13 versus 1.02 +/- 0.12; P = .01). The mean pulsatility index (in the study and control groups) in each arterial segment did not change significantly throughout gestation (P > .1). CONCLUSIONS: . In human fetuses throughout gestation, the pulmonary circulation maintains stable vascular resistance in both diabetic and normal pregnancies. However, in all gestations, the pulsatility index in each segment of the pulmonary artery is unique and reflects the proximity to the heart and the impedance at each location. The significantly higher pulsatility index in the diabetes group might be related to alterations in the microcirculation of diabetic patients.
Association between Chinese Dietary Guidelines Compliance Index for Pregnant Women and Risks of Pregnancy Complications in the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Compliance with dietary guidelines among pregnant women can positively influence not only their own health but also the health of their babies. Measuring the compliance requires professional skills in nutrition and dietary counseling. In China, few simple and effective techniques assess dietary quality among pregnant women, especially in rural areas. We aimed to establish a new simple and effective assessment technique, the "Chinese Dietary Guidelines Compliance Index for Pregnant Women (CDGCI-PW)" and assess the association between maternal dietary compliance and risks of pregnancy complications. METHODS: The CDGCI-PW consists of 13 main components which were based on the 2016 edition of the Chinese dietary guidelines for pregnant women. Each component was assigned a different score range, and the overall score ranged from 0 to 100 points. The Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort study (from September 2013 to May 2016) was a prospective cohort study designed to examine maternal dietary and lifestyle effects on the health of pregnant women and their offspring. The maternal diet during the second trimester was compared with the corresponding recommended intake of the Chinese balanced dietary pagoda for pregnant women to verify their compliance with dietary guidelines. The association between maternal dietary quality and risks of pregnancy complications was estimated by regression analysis. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were constructed to identify the optimal cut-off values of CDGCI-PW for gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESULTS: Among the 2708 pregnant women, 1489 were eventually followed up. The mean CDGCI-PW score was 74.1 (standard deviation (SD) 7.5) in the second trimester. The majority of foods showed the following trend: the higher the CDGCI-PW score, the higher the proportion of pregnant women who reported food intake within the recommended range. Moreover, a higher maternal CDGCI-PW score was significantly associated with lower risks of gestational hypertension [odds ratio (OR) (95% confidence interval [(CI): 0.30 (0.20, 0.37)] and GDM [OR (95% CI): 0.38 (0.31, 0.48)]. The optimal CDGCI-PW cut-off value for gestational hypertension was ≥68.5 (sensitivity 82%; specificity: 61%; area under the ROC curve, AUC = 0.743), and the optimal CDGCI-PW cut-off score for GDM was ≥75.5 (sensitivity 43%; specificity: 81%; area under the ROC curve, AUC = 0.714). CONCLUSIONS: The CDGCI-PW is a simple and useful technique that assesses maternal diet quality during pregnancy, while adherence to the CDGCI-PW is associated with a lower risk of gestational hypertension and GDM.
[Proliferative diabetic retinopathy inauguring gestational diabetes].; INTRODUCTION: Diabetic retinopathy is one of the diabetic microangiopathy complications generally occurring after insulin-dependent diabetes has evolved for a few years. OBSERVATION: We report a 24-year-old pregnant woman with severe proliferative diabetic retinopathy discovered at the time of the gestational diabetes diagnosis. Argon laser photocoagulation of retinal ischemic territories was initiated. The disease progressed to vitreous haemorrhage in the right eye. DISCUSSION: Proliferative diabetic retinopathy is exceptionally present at the time of the gestational diabetes. We did not find any similar case in the literature. CONCLUSION: Fundus examination seems necessary at the onset of gestational diabetes. It can prevent blindness in young women.
Evidence that multiple defects in lipid regulation occur before hyperglycemia during the prodrome of type-2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Blood-vessel dysfunction arises before overt hyperglycemia in type-2 diabetes (T2DM). We hypothesised that a metabolomic approach might identify metabolites/pathways perturbed in this pre-hyperglycemic phase. To test this hypothesis and for specific metabolite hypothesis generation, serum metabolic profiling was performed in young women at increased, intermediate and low risk of subsequent T2DM. METHODS: Participants were stratified by glucose tolerance during a previous index pregnancy into three risk-groups: overt gestational diabetes (GDM; n = 18); those with glucose values in the upper quartile but below GDM levels (UQ group; n = 45); and controls (n = 43, below the median glucose values). Follow-up serum samples were collected at a mean 22 months postnatally. Samples were analysed in a random order using Ultra Performance Liquid Chromatography coupled to an electrospray hybrid LTQ-Orbitrap mass spectrometer. Statistical analysis included principal component (PCA) and multivariate methods. FINDINGS: Significant between-group differences were observed at follow-up in waist circumference (86, 95%CI (79-91) vs 80 (76-84) cm for GDM vs controls, p<0.05), adiponectin (about 33% lower in GDM group, p = 0.004), fasting glucose, post-prandial glucose and HbA1c, but the latter 3 all remained within the 'normal' range. Substantial differences in metabolite profiles were apparent between the 2 'at-risk' groups and controls, particularly in concentrations of phospholipids (4 metabolites with p ≤ 0.01), acylcarnitines (3 with p ≤ 0.02), short- and long-chain fatty acids (3 with p<  = 0.03), and diglycerides (4 with p ≤ 0.05). INTERPRETATION: Defects in adipocyte function from excess energy storage as relatively hypoxic visceral and hepatic fat, and impaired mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation may initiate the observed perturbations in lipid metabolism. Together with evidence from the failure of glucose-directed treatments to improve cardiovascular outcomes, these data and those of others indicate that a new, quite different definition of type-2 diabetes is required. This definition would incorporate disturbed lipid metabolism prior to hyperglycemia.
Original Findings and Updated Meta-Analysis for the Association Between Maternal Diabetes and Risk for Congenital Heart Disease Phenotypes.; Maternal diabetes is associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs) as a group, but few studies have assessed risk for specific CHD phenotypes. We analyzed these relationships using data from the Texas Birth Defects Registry and statewide vital records for deliveries taking place in 1999-2009 (n = 48,249 cases). We used Poisson regression to calculate prevalence ratios for the associations between maternal diabetes (pregestational or gestational) and each CHD phenotype, adjusting for potential confounders. Analyses were repeated by type of diabetes. To address the potential for misclassification bias, we performed logistic regression, using malformed controls. We also conducted meta-analyses, combining our estimates of the association between pregestational diabetes and each CHD phenotype with previous estimates. The prevalence of every CHD phenotype was greater among women with pregestational diabetes than among nondiabetic women. Most of these differences were statistically significant (adjusted prevalence ratios = 2.47-13.20). Associations were slightly attenuated for many CHD phenotypes among women with gestational diabetes. The observed associations did not appear to be the result of misclassification bias. In our meta-analysis, pregestational diabetes was significantly associated with each CHD phenotype. These findings contribute to a better understanding of the teratogenic effects of maternal diabetes and improved counseling for risk of specific CHD phenotypes.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and multiple gestation with natural menopause: A population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and early menopause are each associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD); whether APOs are associated with age at menopause is unclear. We examined the association of gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm birth, and multiple gestation with age at natural menopause. STUDY DESIGN: Observational, prospective study within the Nurses' Health Study II cohort (1989-2019). MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Risk of early natural menopause, defined as occurring before the age of 45 years, and age at onset of natural menopause (hazard ratio (HR) >1 indicates younger age at menopause). RESULTS: The mean [SD] baseline age of 69,880 parous participants was 34.5 [4.7] years. Compared with participants who had a term singleton first birth, those with a term multiple-gestation first birth had higher risk of early menopause (HR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.05, 2.60) and younger age at natural menopause (HR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.31, 1.63). Estimates for preterm multiple gestation were of similar magnitude. Menopause occurred at a younger age for those with a preterm birth with spontaneous labor (HR: 1.08, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.14) compared to those with a term birth with spontaneous labor. Conversely, estimates for GDM (HR: 0.95, 95% CI: 0.89, 1.02) and HDP (preeclampsia, HR: 0.93, 95% CI: 0.89, 0.97) suggested an association with older age at menopause. CONCLUSIONS: In this large cohort study, several statistically significant associations between APOs and age at natural menopause were observed. A deeper understanding of the relationships among APOs, menopause, and CVD is needed to help identify people at higher risk for early menopause and later CVD.
The clinical significance of an absent end-diastolic velocity in the umbilical artery detected before the 34th week of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical significance of absent or reversed (ARED) flow detected in the late second or early third trimester in the umbilical artery in high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: Eighty-three women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes or a suspected disorder of the fetus (e.g. small-for-gestational age) were included in this retrospective study. A constant finding of ARED flow in the umbilical artery was registered with the pulsed Doppler method between the 23+/-0 and 33+/-6 gestational weeks. Perinatal mortality (PNM) rates, Apgar scores and arterial umbilical pH values, birth weights, the frequency of SGA, gestational ages at birth, NICU (=neonatal intensive care unit) days, anomalic fetuses and the mode of delivery were registered. Mann-Whitney U-test and chi-squared test were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: The PNM in the entire group under study was 19.3% (16 infants/fetuses). The rate of structurally or chromosomally abnormal fetuses was 15.7% (13 infants/fetuses). When anomalic fetuses were excluded the PNM was 18.6%. No non-anomalic fetuses/newborns were lost in cases in which ARED was detected after the 30th week. No statistically significant difference was observed in PNM and SGA frequencies when comparing AEDV (absent end-diastolic velocity) fetuses with those who had REDV (reversed end-diastolic velocity). When anomalic fetuses were excluded the PNM rate in the AEDV group was 8.9% compared with the PNM rate of 35.7% in the REDV group; (p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: An early ARED finding (before the 34th week) in the umbilical artery signifies a marked warning signal of fetal distress. In these cases the rates of perinatal morbidity and mortality are very high, which is a reflection of the severity of the condition. The majority of fetuses can, however, be saved.
Medical emergencies in the patient with diabetes during pregnancy.; Although the outcome of pregnancies complicated by diabetes is now approaching the success seen in the normal healthy pregnant population, this improvement is only realized when careful attention is paid to the metabolic, hemodynamic, and vascular perturbations associated with the changes of pregnancy. The diabetic woman must not only pay attention to nutrition but also blunt moment-to-moment swings in blood glucose by taking frequent does of insulin. In addition, she must be under constant surveillance for a host of other complications of pregnancy, such as hypertension, retinopathy, infection, acidosis, thyroid dysfunction, nephropathy, and sudden death in utero. Any or all of these problems become medical emergencies if left untreated. Rigorous vigilance to sustain normoglycemia and normotension, examination of the retina, culture of urine, assays for ketosis, measurements of thyroid function, and monitoring of renal function and fetal status are paramount in the management of pregnancy complicated by diabetes.
Associations of maternal glucose markers in pregnancy with cord blood glucocorticoids and child hair cortisol levels.; Exposure to maternal hyperglycemia in utero has been associated with adverse metabolic outcomes in offspring. However, few studies have investigated the relationship between maternal hyperglycemia and offspring cortisol levels. We assessed associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with cortisol biomarkers in two longitudinal prebirth cohorts: Project Viva included 928 mother-child pairs and Gen3G included 313 mother-child pairs. In Project Viva, GDM was diagnosed in N = 48 (5.2%) women using a two-step procedure (50 g glucose challenge test, if abnormal followed by 100 g oral glucose tolerance test [OGTT]), and in N = 29 (9.3%) women participating in Gen3G using one-step 75 g OGTT. In Project Viva, we measured cord blood glucocorticoids and child hair cortisol levels during mid-childhood (mean (SD) age: 7.8 (0.8) years) and early adolescence (mean (SD) age: 13.2 (0.9) years). In Gen3G, we measured hair cortisol at 5.4 (0.3) years. We used multivariable linear regression to examine associations of GDM with offspring cortisol, adjusting for child age and sex, maternal prepregnancy body mass index, education, and socioeconomic status. We additionally adjusted for child race/ethnicity in the cord blood analyses. In both Project Viva and Gen3G, we observed null associations of GDM and maternal glucose markers in pregnancy with cortisol biomarkers in cord blood at birth (β = 16.6 nmol/L, 95% CI -60.7, 94.0 in Project Viva) and in hair samples during childhood (β = -0.56 pg/mg, 95% CI -1.16, 0.04 in Project Viva; β = 0.09 pg/mg, 95% CI -0.38, 0.57 in Gen3G). Our findings do not support the hypothesis that maternal hyperglycemia is related to hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity.
[Prediabetic states and the prevention of diabetes mellitus].; Diabetes mellitus predisposition is observed in the increased insulin activity of the pancreatic islet, followed by its exhaustion, and in its congenital or postnatal decreased activity. The former is seen in obese subjects, in large-born children and their mothers or in the children, whose mothers suffered from diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. The latter is discovered in hereditary diabetes mellitus, in hypertension and angiosclerosis. To avert diabetes mellitus in predisposed subjects a fixed-calory diet should be recommended for the pancreatic islet protection. Systematic blood and urine examinations are to be performed for revealing the initial pancreatic islet damage. Prophylactic treatment of these patients is realized by endocrinologists and the selection for therapy is carried out by special physicians.
Cardiomyopathy in offspring of diabetic rats is associated with activation of the MAPK and apoptotic pathways.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes affects the developing fetal cardiovascular system. Newborn offspring of diabetic mothers can have a transient cardiomyopathy. We hypothesized that cardiomyopathic remodeling is associated with activation of the mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling and apoptotic pathways. METHODS: To evaluate the effects of moderate and severe maternal hyperglycemia, pregnant rats were made diabetic with an injection of 50 mg/kg of streptozotocin. Moderately well controlled maternal diabetes was achieved with twice daily glucose checks and insulin injections. No insulin was given to severely diabetic dams. Offspring of moderate and severe diabetic mothers (OMDM and MSDM, respectively) were studied on postnatal days 1 (NB1) and 21 (NB21). Echocardiograms were performed to evaluate left ventricular (LV) dimensions and function. Myocardial MAPK and apoptotic protein levels were measured by Western blot. RESULTS: OMDM had increased cardiac mass at NB1 compared to controls that normalized at NB21. OSDM demonstrated microsomia with relative sparing of cardiac mass and a dilated cardiomyopathy at NB1. In both models, there was a persistent increase in the HW:BW and significant activation of MAPK and apoptotic pathways at NB21. CONCLUSION: The degree of maternal hyperglycemia determines the type of cardiomyopathy seen in the offspring, while resolution of both the hypertrophic and dilated cardiomyopathies is associated with activation of MAPK signaling and apoptotic pathways.
Antepartum pituitary necrosis in diabetes mellitus.; Pituitary infarction occurred during pregnancy in two insulin-dependent diabetic patients aged 32 and 33 years. The diagnosis was delayed in each case before being confirmed biochemically and radiologically. A decreasing insulin requirement and recurrent hypoglycaemia made it possible to determine the exact time that pituitary infarction occurred during pregnancy. The clinical features of these cases should alert physicians to the possibility of pituitary infarction in diabetic pregnancy and minimize the delay in diagnosis.
Effect of medical therapy on progressive nephropathy: influence of pregnancy, diabetes and hypertension.; Nephropathy is a complication of diabetes mellitus that can affect women in their reproductive years. This article reviews the effects on treatment on the main factors associated with short- and long-term complications in pregnant women with diabetic nephropathy. Tight glycemic control, adequate treatment of elevated blood pressure, and renal function in early pregnancy are the most significant predictors of maternal and perinatal outcomes. Contemporary methods of perinatal care and adequate treatment of blood pressure allow fetal survival rates of 95%. Furthermore, pregnancy per se does not appear to worsen the natural progression to end-stage renal disease for most women with renal insufficiency. However, patients with moderate to severe renal impairment may experience acceleration of renal disease.
[Clinicopathologic study in children of a diabetic mother. Review of 16 cases].; 16 cases of infants of diabetic mothers were analyzed; 10 of them were live-born and died shortly afterwards; the other 6 were born dead. Among the live-born there was a high frequency of respiratory illnesses, neonatal jaundice and hemorrhagic tendency more often in lungs and C.N.S. At the necropsy, together with the findings atributtable to the mentioned illnesses there was also hyperplasia of the pancreatic islands in 100%, a high tendency to the visceral gigantism, specially in the liver, heart and lesser in the brain. And 20% had congenital malformations, chiefly in the C.N.S. genitourinary and lymphohematopoietic system. The descriptions are accompanied by a brief review of the literature.
Human umbilical vein endothelium-derived exosomes play a role in foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) characterizes by foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from women with GDM show increased L-arginine transport via the human cationic amino acid transporter 1 (hCAT-1). Moreover, expression of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) and nitric oxide synthesis are increased. Exosomes are increased in maternal plasma from GDM. We evaluated the role of foetoplacental endothelial exosomes on endothelial dysfunction in GDM. Exosomes were isolated from HUVECs from normal (Ex(N)) and GDM (Ex(GDM)) pregnancies. HUVECs were exposed (8h) to Ex(N) or Ex(GDM) and used for wound recovery assay (up to 8h), L-arginine transport, hCAT-1 and eNOS expression and activity, reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation, and 44 and 42kDa mitogen activated protein kinases (p44/42(mapk)) and protein kinase B/Akt (Akt) activation. Wound recovery was slower in GDM compared with normal pregnancies and was recovered by Ex(N). However, Ex(GDM) delayed wound recovery in cells from normal pregnancies. GDM-increased L-arginine transport, hCAT-1 and eNOS expression and activity, and p44/42(mapk) activation were blocked by Ex(N), but Ex(GDM) increased these parameters and ROS generation, and reduced eNOS phosphorylation at threonine(495) in cells from normal pregnancies. Inhibition of p44/42(mapk), but not Akt reversed GDM-increased L-arginine uptake. In conclusion foetoplacental endothelial-released exosomes play a role in the maintenance of a GDM phenotype in HUVECs. It is suggested that Ex(N) and Ex(GDM) cargo are different with differential effects in cells from normal or GDM pregnancies. This phenomenon could contribute to the understanding of mechanisms behind foetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in GDM pregnancies.
Dietary Patterns Prior to Pregnancy and Associations with Pregnancy Complications.; Few studies have explored pre-pregnancy diet and its relationship with pregnancy outcomes. The objectives of this study were to: (1) derive pre-pregnancy dietary patterns for women enrolled in a prospective cohort in the province of Alberta, Canada; (2) describe associations between dietary patterns and socio-demographic characteristics; and (3) describe associations between dietary patterns and pregnancy complications. Upon enrolment into the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) study (median age of gestation, 17 weeks), women (n = 1545) completed a validated 142-item food frequency questionnaire recording food and beverages consumed "in the 12 months prior to pregnancy". Other assessments included pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), gestational weight gain, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and socio-demographic characteristics. Dietary patterns were derived using principal components analysis. Scores were calculated to represent adherence with each dietary pattern retained. Four dietary patterns were retained, accounting for 22.9% of the variation in the overall diet. Dietary patterns were named the "healthy", "meat and refined carbohydrate", "beans, cheese and salad" or "tea and coffee" patterns. Higher "healthy" pattern scores prior to pregnancy were associated with lower odds of developing gestational hypertension during pregnancy (adjusted Odds Ratio (OR): 0.6, 95% Confidence Intervals (CI): 0.4, 0.9). Diet prior to pregnancy is an important target for interventions and may reduce the likelihood of developing complications such as gestational hypertension during pregnancy.
Comparison of placental pathology in preterm, late-preterm, near-term, and term births.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether placental pathologic condition supports the recent suggestion of subcategorizing preterm and term births into smaller gestational age subgroups with different perinatal mortality and morbidity rates. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-seven clinical and 43 placental phenotypes were retrospectively compared in 4617 third-trimester births: 1332 preterm pregnancies (28-33 weeks' gestation), 1066 late preterm pregnancies (34-36 weeks' gestation), 940 near-term pregnancies (37-38 weeks' gestation), and 1279 term pregnancies (≥39 weeks' gestation). RESULTS: Acute inflammatory pattern of placental injury was seen mostly at both gestational sides of the third trimester; the clinical conditions linked to in utero hypoxia (preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction) and their placental associations (atherosis, membrane chorionic microcysts, chorangiosis, intervillous thrombi) were associated statistically significantly with mid third trimester. Acute fetal distress (abnormal fetal heart tracing and clinical and histologic meconium) were increasing with gestational age and were statistically significantly most common in full-term pregnancies. CONCLUSION: Differences in placental pathologic condition among the 4 subgroups of third-trimester pregnancy not only challenge the use of an arbitrary cutoff point of 37 weeks' gestation that separates the preterm birth and term birth but also further support separation of late preterm births from preterm births and term births from near-term births. Based on placental pathologic condition, chronic uteroplacental malperfusion is the dominating etiopathogenetic factor in the mid third trimester (late preterm and near-term births), and acute fetal distress is the factor in full-term births. This obscures relative frequencies of perinatal death and management modalities in the third trimester.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease. Critical evaluation of a twelve-month experience.; INTRODUCTION: A retrospective study of fetal echocardiographies performed in the Ultrasound Unit of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology between January and December 1998 was carried out. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We performed 271 fetal echocardiographies (236 fetuses; 230 pregnant women). A triplex ultrasound machine was used with a 5 or 3.5 MHz transabdominal probe. RESULTS: The median maternal age was 31 years (17-44) and the median gestational age at the time of the first examination was 27 weeks (15-38). A hundred and thirty-two pregnant women (57.4%) were internal referrals and (98) 42.6% were referred by other hospitals. The most common indications for referral were maternal age > or = 35 years old (n = 48), gestational diabetes (n = 38), family history of congenital heart disease (n = 24) and insulin-dependent diabetes (n = 23). Accuracy of 32 echocardiographies was limited by technical difficulties. Out of 236 fetuses, 205 (86.9%) presented a normal scan, whereas 31 (13.1%) showed some abnormality: 22 structural cardiac defects; 5 rhythm anomalies and one with a mixed abnormality. In three cases a pericardial effusion was detected in the absence of any structural or rhythm anomaly and regressed spontaneously after birth. Three fetuses were referred prenatally for treatment to another center. Eight out of fifteen patients followed in the Pediatric Cardiology outpatient clinic were submitted to surgical treatment. In four cases the parents opted for termination of pregnancy and two neonatal deaths occurred. Four patients were lost for follow-up. DISCUSSION: Our study suggests that strict criteria for a referral of pregnant women to specialized fetal echocardiography are still missing. The median gestational age of 27 weeks at the time of the first examination was clearly out of the generally accepted recommended period (18-24 weeks). It is time to improve the collaboration between the different health professionals involved in the care of pregnant women in order to increase the sensitivity of screening for congenital heart disease.
[Nicotinamide regulates blood glucose level and affects mitochondrial superoxide level in gestational diabetic rats].; Objective: To investigate the effects of nicotinamide (NAM) on blood glucose level and anti-oxidative enzyme activity in gestational diabetic (GDM) rats. Methods: GDM model was induced by injection of STZ (35 mg/kg) in pregnant female Sprague-Dawley rats. Nicotinamide was given to GDM rats by gavage at 50, 100 or 200 mg/kg q.d from gestational d 6 to d 20. The rats were divided into normal control group, GDM group (0 mg/kg), low-dose NAM group (50 mg/kg), middle-dose NAM group (100 mg/kg) and high-dose NAM group (200 mg/kg) with 8 animals in each group. When rats were sacrificed at d 21, the blood glucose level was measured; skeletal muscle and fetal brain samples were collected. The expression and activity of anti-oxidative enzymes, including superoxide dismutase (SOD1, SOD2), catalase (CAT) and sirtuin-3 (SIRT3) were measured by RT-PCR and Western blot. Results: Nicotinamide significantly lowered the blood glucose in GDM rats and decreased mitochondrial superoxide level in the fetal cortical neurons. SOD2 was induced in skeletal muscle by nicotinamide in GDM rats (P<0.05), while no significant change was observed in the expression of CAT (P>0.05). Nicotinamide increased SIRT3 expression (P<0.05) and decreased deacetylation of SOD2 in skeletal muscle of GDM rats (P<0.05). Conclusion: Nicotinamide can lower the blood glucose level in GDM rats, and decrease mitochondrial superoxide level, which is associated with promoting SIRT3 activity to deacetylate SOD2 and elevate SOD2 activity in GDM rats.
Diabetes in pregnancy 1985.; The art of obstetrics is not a subject which is often discussed in the pages of Diabetologia. However, as the care of the diabetic mother and her offspring is rightly an interdisciplinary responsibility between obstetrician, diabetologist and neonatologist, it is important that each has a close understanding of the various problems. Dr. M.I. Drury (Dublin), speaking as an internist, raises a question on the optimum time and method of delivery of the baby; this has more than purely obstetrical implications. Drs. L. Mølsted-Pedersen (Copenhagen) and C. Kühl (Copenhagen and Klampenborg), obstetrician and internist from the longest-established joint obstetric/diabetic service in the world, present a Scandinavian view on the management of pregnancy. Both centres have distinguished records in the management of diabetic pregnancy. The different viewpoints in Denmark and in Ireland are clear - in Copenhagen, therapeutic abortion is practiced in a pregnancy at risk of severe congenital malformation; in Dublin it is not. Dr. Drury quotes a perinatal loss of 13 of 285 pregnancies (4.5%) in the past 5 years, but does not include the recognised spontaneous abortions which, on his overall figures, are about 10% of conceptions. Dr. Mølsted-Pedersen reports a perinatal loss of 3 of 201 infants (1.5%), excluding 17 spontaneous and 9 induced abortions. If these 9 aborted pregnancies, which were performed due to a risk of severe congenital malformation, were included as fatalities, the Copenhagen figure would be 12 of 210 (5.5%). Of course, we do not know if all those 9 fetuses were affected. The spontaneous abortion rate was 17 of 223 (8.0%).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Perinatal risk factors affecting the maternal and fetal asymmetric dimethylarginine levels.; The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between maternal risk factors, neonatal demographic features and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels in a randomly selected group of pregnancies during delivery. The subjects were categorized into five groups as having: no maternal risk factor, maternal hypertension, gestational diabetes, maternal smoking history, and meconium staining. Blood samples were taken from the mothers before delivery and from the umbilical vein after delivery. Mean ADMA levels were significantly lower in the cord blood when compared with maternal levels in all groups. Mean ADMA level of neonates in the meconium staining group was found to be significantly higher than in the other groups (p<0.001). Maternal age, delivery type, parity and sex did not show any effect on cord blood ADMA levels. Overall, umbilical vein ADMA levels are modulated independent of several maternal features and risk factors. Although these factors are interrelated and it is difficult to interpret the relevant data separately, the most significant factor affecting umbilical vein ADMA levels seems to be perinatal hypoxia as in the case of meconium staining.
Epidemiology of diabetes and diabetic complications in China.; The People's Republic of China (herein referred to as China) has witnessed one of the most dramatic rises in diabetes prevalence anywhere in the world. The latest epidemiological study suggests that approximately 11% of the population has diabetes, with a significant proportion remaining undiagnosed. Risk factors for diabetes in the Chinese population are similar to those in other populations, though gestational diabetes and young-onset diabetes is becoming increasingly common. Data on the prevalence of diabetic complications remain limited, though cardio-renal complications account for significant morbidity and mortality. Other diabetes-related comorbidities are becoming increasingly common, with cancer emerging as a major cause of mortality among individuals with diabetes. There are many challenges and obstacles that impede effective diabetes prevention and the delivery of care, though much progress has occurred over recent years. Lessons learnt from how China has responded to the challenges posed by the diabetes epidemic will be invaluable for other countries facing the many threats of diabetes and its complications.
Impact of metformin treatment during pregnancy on maternal outcomes: a systematic review/meta-analysis.; We systematically assessed the impact of metformin treatment on maternal pregnancy outcomes. PubMed, Ovid Embase, Medline, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov and Cochrane databases were systematically searched (inception-1st February 2021). Randomised controlled trials reporting pregnancy outcomes in women randomised to metformin versus any other treatment for any indication were included. Outcomes included gestational weight gain (GWG), pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, gestational age at delivery, caesarean section, gestational diabetes, glycaemic control, and gastrointestinal side-effects. Two independent reviewers conducted screening, with a third available to evaluate disagreements. Risk-of-bias and GRADE assessments were conducted using Cochrane Risk-of-Bias and GRADE-pro software. Thirty-five studies (n = 8033 pregnancies) met eligibility criteria. GWG was lower in pregnancies randomised to metformin versus other treatments (1.57 kg ± 0.60 kg; I(2) = 86%, p < 0.0001), as was likelihood of pre-eclampsia (OR 0.69, 95% CI 0.50-0.95; I(2) = 55%, p = 0.02). The risk of gastrointestinal side-effects was greater in metformin-exposed versus other treatment groups (OR 2.43, 95% CI 1.53-3.84; I(2) = 76%, p = 0.0002). The risk of other maternal outcomes assessed was not significantly different between metformin-exposed versus other treatment groups. Metformin for any indication during pregnancy is associated with lower GWG and a modest reduced risk of pre-eclampsia, but increased gastrointestinal side-effects compared to other treatments.
Placental protein 12 (PP 12), a decidual protein, in pregnancy complicated by diabetes with retinopathy.; Placental protein 12 (IGF-bp/PP 12) is a soluble tissue antigen produced in the decidua. PP 12 was measured in the 3rd trimester of diabetic pregnancy complicated by retinopathy. The mean values of the healthy control group between 28 and 34 and between 35 and 39 weeks gestation were 108 +/- 39 micrograms/l and 124 +/- 47 micrograms/l, respectively. The equivalent values in diabetic pregnancies complicated by retinopathy were 200 +/- 80 micrograms/l and 204 +/- 81 micrograms/l, respectively; both these PP 12 values were significantly (P less than 0.05) above the values in the control group. There was no significant difference between benign and proliferative retinopathy. The increased PP 12 levels in the presence of diabetic retinopathy are probably caused by decidual degeneration.
Reduced GLP-1 Secretion at 30 Minutes After a 75-g Oral Glucose Load Is Observed in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Prospective Cohort Study.; Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) levels may be reduced in type 2 diabetes, but whether a similar impairment exists in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has not been established. We studied this in a prospective cohort study of pregnant women (n = 144) during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). GLP-1, glucose, and insulin were sampled at 30-min intervals during a 2-h 75-g OGTT, and indices of insulin secretion and sensitivity were calculated. In a nested case-control study, women with GDM (n = 19) had 12% lower total GLP-1 secretion area under the curve (AUC) compared with control subjects matched for age, ethnicity, and gestational age (n = 19), selected from within the lowest quartile of glucose(120) (min) values in our cohort. GDM had lower GLP-1 response in the first 30 min (19% lower GLP-1(30) (min) and 17% lower AUC(0-30) (min)) after adjustment for possible confounders. Their glucose levels began to diverge at 30 min of the OGTT with increasing insulin levels, and by 120 min, their insulin levels were three times higher. In a secondary cohort of 57 women that included "high-normal" glucose(120) (min) values, low GLP-1 AUC(0-30) (min) was independently associated with lower indices of insulin secretion and sensitivity. In conclusion, we have observed that women with GDM have lower GLP-1 response at 30 min of an OGTT and hyperglycemia at 120 min despite significant hyperinsulinemia.
Association of gestational diabetes with abnormal maternal vascular endothelial function.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate vascular endothelial function in isolated small arteries from women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: Small subcutaneous arteries (mean luminal diameter approximately 250 microns) were dissected from biopsies obtained at caesarean section in 14 normotensive women with gestational diabetes and in 18 normotensive nondiabetic pregnant women. Vascular function was determined after mounting the arteries on a small vessel myograph. RESULTS: Pre-constricted arteries from gestational diabetic pregnant women demonstrated poor relaxation to acetylcholine, an endothelium-dependent vasodilator (pEC50, mean [SE], 6.98 [0.10] vs normal pregnant, 7.28 [0.08], P < 0.03; % maximum relaxation, median [range], 88.2 [42.4-99.4] vs normal pregnant 94.2 [71.8-100.0], P < 0.01). In the presence of indomethacin relaxation to acetylcholine was similar in both groups suggesting a deficiency in dilator prostaglandin synthesis in the arteries from the diabetic women. The nitric oxide synthase inhibitor NG-monomethyl-L-arginine further reduced sensitivity of arteries to acetylcholine but to a similar degree in both normal pregnant and gestational diabetic women. Relaxation to sodium nitroprusside, an indicator of sensitivity of the vascular smooth muscle to nitric oxide, was similar in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal vascular endothelial dysfunction may contribute to the increased incidence of cardiovascular disorders in women with gestational diabetes.
Risk factors for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among mothers in Tigray region, Ethiopia: matched case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are a global public health concern both in developed and developing countries. However, evidences regarding the risk factors of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are limited particularly in Ethiopia. The aim of the study was to assess risk factors associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among mothers in public hospitals of Tigray. METHODS: The study was conducted in seven public hospitals of Tigray region, Ethiopia from June 2017 to November 2017. A facility based matched case-control study was employed to select 110 cases and 220 controls who were pregnant women. Cases and controls were matched by parity status. A case was a mother diagnosed to have hypertensive disorders of pregnancy by an obstetrician in the antenatal period while a control was a mother who did not have a diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Data were collected by face to face interview technique using a pretested questionnaire and a checklist. Conditional logistic regression analysis was used to identify the independent predictor variables. Adjusted matched odds ratio with its corresponding 95% confidence interval was used and significance was claimed at P-value less than 0.05. Overall findings were presented in texts and tables. RESULTS: Rural residents were at greater odds of suffering from hypertensive disorders (OR = 3.7, 95% CI; 1.9, 7.1). Similarly, mothers who consume less amount of fruits in their diet had 5 times higher odds of developing hypertensive disorders than those who consume fruits regularly (OR = 5.1, 95% CI; 2.4, 11.15). Overweight (BMI > 25 Kg/m2) mothers were also at risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as compared with the normal and underweight mothers (AOR = 5.5 95% CI; 1.12, 27.6). The risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was 5.4 times higher among diabetic mothers. CONCLUSION: Rural residence, less fruit consumption, multiple pregnancy, presence of gestational diabetes mellitus and pre-pregnancy overweight were identified as independent risk factors in this study. It is recommended that health care givers may use these factors as a screening tool for the prediction, early diagnoses as well as timely interventions of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Role of vitamin D on gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, timing and mode of delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the efficacy of VD in preventing the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). The secondary purpose is to investigate the effect of VD on the mode and time of delivery. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A vitamin D value of <20 ng/mL during pregnancy is considered a deficiency according to the Endocrine Society, and 400-600 IU/day VD replacement is recommended. Forty patients whose serum VD levels were below 20 ng/mL during routine pregnancy follow-up and who were planned for VD replacement therapy were included in the study. They were divided into two equal groups with 20 patients in each group. Twenty pregnant women with serum VD levels greater than 20 ng/mL were considered as the control group. While 400 IU/day VD replacement was applied to the patients in Group 1, 600 IU/day VD was given to Group 2. Group 3 consisted of control patients who did not undergo VD replacement. VD replacement was continued from the 14th week of pregnancy until delivery. Each group of participants was screened with a 50-g GCT at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Following 50-g GCT if serum glucose level was found >140 mg/dL, patients underwent 100-g OGTT. GDM was diagnosed in the presence of at least two of the following results: fasting serum glucose ≥92 mg/dL and/or 1-hour glycemia ≥180 mg/dL, and/or 2-hour glycemia ≥153 mg/dL. PIH was defined as systolic blood pressure >140 mmHg and diastolic blood pressure >90 mmHg. Patients in each group delivered by cesarean section or normal vaginal route. In addition to the incidence of PIH and GDM, the time and mode of delivery were recorded. RESULTS: PIH was detected in two patients in each of the 400 IU/day and 600 IU/day vitamin D replacement groups (10%). In the control group, PIH developed in 3 patients (15%). Although PIH was detected in an extra case in the control group, no significant difference was found between the replacement group and the control group in terms of PIH (p<0.44). While GDM was not detected in the 400 IU/day vitamin D group, GDM was detected in one patient (5%) in the 600 IU/day vitamin D group. No case of GDM was found in the control group either. There was no significant difference between the VD replacement and the control groups in terms of GDM rates. No significant difference was found between the VD replacement and the control groups in terms of mode of delivery. While the C/S ratio was 65% in the 400 IU/day vitamin D group, this ratio was 75% in the 600 IU/day vitamin D group. There was an insignificant trend of increase in C/S ratios in the group given 600 IU/day of vitamin D. The C/S ratio of the control group, which could not be given VD replacement, was found to be 70%. CONCLUSIONS: VD replacement therapy during pregnancy does not prevent the development of PIH and GDM, and does not significantly contribute to the time and mode of delivery.
Interventional Treatment of Bronchiectasis Macrosomia Based on Multirow CT Tomography Monitoring.; We present in this paper an in-depth study and analysis of bronchiectasis haemoptysis by multirow CT tomography and a multifaceted treatment and analysis of the interventions monitored by the scan. Although coronary CT is of great clinical value in the diagnosis and monitoring of coronary artery disease, the potential radiation damage caused by coronary CT should not be underestimated because CT imaging is based on X-rays and the actual effective dose is 5-30 mSv, which is reported in the literature to be high when using conventional imaging modalities for coronary CT. Although there is no direct evidence of a definite causal relationship between X-ray exposure during CT examinations and tumorigenesis, theoretically, even small doses of radiation exposure may pose some potential health risk. Therefore, in clinical practice, coronary CT examinations should be performed in strict compliance with the radiation protection rule "as low as reasonably achievable" (ALARA) recognized by the radiation industry. For longitudinal openings in the range of 0° to 59° and transverse openings in the range of 0° to 44°, the CB2 catheter is significantly more stable than the MIK catheter, and for longitudinal openings in the range of 60° to 119° and transverse openings in the range of 0° to 44°, the CB2 catheter is more stable than the MIK catheter. For longitudinal openings from 0° to 120° and lateral openings from 45° to 90°, there was no significant difference in cannulation stability between the CB2 and MIK catheters. There was a potential tendency for MIK cannulation stability to be higher than CB2 for longitudinal openings in the range of 120° to 180° and lateral openings in the range of 45° to 90°, but there was no significant difference.
Cardiac compliance in fetuses of diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: To examine possible changes in cardiac function in fetuses of pregestational diabetic mothers. METHODS: We conducted a prospective longitudinal study of 31 women whose pregnancies were between 22 weeks' gestation and term, and who had pregestational diabetes. All diabetic women included in the study had glycosylated hemoglobin lower than 6.5%. All patients included in the study had an early ultrasound confirming gestational age. Doppler studies of the blood flow through the mitral and tricuspid valves were done every 4 weeks using a pulsed-wave Doppler ultrasound device with a 3.5- or 5-MHz transducer. The following indices were calculated from the flow velocity waveforms: the peak velocity during the rapid ventricular filling (E wave) and during the atrial systole (A wave), and the ratio between these velocities (E/A ratio); and the velocity time integral of the atrioventricular blood flow (this integral correlates with volume flow). A comparison between the Doppler indices obtained in fetuses of diabetic women and of normal women was made by using the Mann-Whitney test. RESULTS: Each patient had four to five fetal echocardiographic examinations at 22, 26, 30, 34, and 38 weeks' gestation. The E/A ratio of the mitral and tricuspid valves did not increase in fetuses of diabetic women during the third trimester and was significantly higher in fetuses of nondiabetic women compared with fetuses of diabetic women at 34 and 38 weeks' gestation. The velocity time integral of the mitral and tricuspid valves multiplied by heart rate was higher, but not significantly, in fetuses of nondiabetic women compared with fetuses of diabetic women at 34 and 38 weeks' gestation. The E-wave of the mitral and tricuspid valves increased in both groups throughout gestation. The A-wave of the mitral and tricuspid valves increased only in fetuses of diabetic women throughout the third trimester and was significantly higher at 34 and 38 weeks' gestation compared with fetuses of nondiabetic women. CONCLUSION: Differences in atrioventricular blood flow patterns between fetuses of diabetic women and normal fetuses do not necessarily result from differences in cardiac compliance.
Does pregnancy complication history improve cardiovascular disease risk prediction? Findings from the HUNT study in Norway.; AIM: To evaluate whether history of pregnancy complications [pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, or small for gestational age (SGA)] improves risk prediction for cardiovascular disease (CVD). METHODS AND RESULTS: This population-based, prospective cohort study linked data from the HUNT Study, Medical Birth Registry of Norway, validated hospital records, and Norwegian Cause of Death Registry. Using an established CVD risk prediction model (NORRISK 2), we predicted 10-year risk of CVD (non-fatal myocardial infarction, fatal coronary heart disease, and non-fatal or fatal stroke) based on established risk factors (age, systolic blood pressure, total and HDL-cholesterol, smoking, anti-hypertensives, and family history of myocardial infarction). We evaluated whether adding pregnancy complication history improved model fit, calibration, discrimination, and reclassification. Among 18 231 women who were parous, ≥40 years of age, and CVD-free at start of follow-up, 39% had any pregnancy complication history and 5% experienced a CVD event during a median follow-up of 8.2 years. While pre-eclampsia and SGA were associated with CVD in unadjusted models (HR 1.96, 95% CI 1.44-2.65 for pre-eclampsia and HR 1.46, 95% CI 1.18-1.81 for SGA), only pre-eclampsia remained associated with CVD after adjusting for established risk factors (HR 1.60, 95% CI 1.16-2.17). Adding pregnancy complication history to the established prediction model led to small improvements in discrimination (C-index difference 0.004, 95% CI 0.002-0.006) and reclassification (net reclassification improvement 0.02, 95% CI 0.002-0.05). CONCLUSION: Pre-eclampsia independently predicted CVD after controlling for established risk factors; however, adding pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and SGA made only small improvements to CVD prediction among this representative sample of parous Norwegian women.
The early origins of obesity and insulin resistance: timing, programming and mechanisms.; Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus and it also results in an increased risk of giving birth to a large baby with increased fat mass. Furthermore, it is also contributes to an increased risk of obesity and insulin resistance in the offspring in childhood, adolescence and adult life. It has been proposed that exposure to maternal obesity may therefore result in an 'intergenerational cycle' of obesity and insulin resistance. There is significant interest in whether exposure to maternal obesity around the time of conception alone contributes directly to poor metabolic outcomes in the offspring and whether dieting in the obese mother before pregnancy or around the time of conception has metabolic benefits for the offspring. This review focusses on experimental and clinical studies that have investigated the specific impact of exposure to maternal obesity during the periconceptional period alone or extending beyond conception on adipogenesis, lipogenesis and on insulin signalling pathways in the fat, liver and muscle of the offspring. Findings from these studies highlight the need for a better evidence base for the development of dietary interventions in obese women before pregnancy and around the time of conception to maximize the metabolic benefits and minimize the metabolic costs for the next generation.
Advanced glycation end-products in diabetic nephropathy.; Throughout the industrialized (well-fed) world, diabetes mellitus is the most prevalent cause of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Diabetic nephropathy is as likely to develop in long-duration non-insulin-dependent diabetes (type 2) as in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1). Nephropathy in diabetes follows a well outlined course, starting with microalbuminuria through proteinuria, azotaemia and culminating in ESRD. Renal functional decline in diabetic nephropathy is slowed by establishment of euglycaemia and normalization of hypertensive blood pressure. Diabetic ESRD patients, compared with other causes of ESRD, sustain greater mortality and morbidity due to concomitant systemic disorders, especially coronary artery and cerebrovascular disease. A central role for glucose toxicity, especially the adverse impact of accumulated advanced glycosylated end-products (AGEs), appears likely from experimental data generated both in induced diabetic rodents and diabetic individuals. Treatment with aminoguanidine raises the possibility of blocking end-organ damage in diabetes without the necessity for correcting hyperglycaemia.
Inflammatory markers in women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for both Type 2 diabetes (DM2) and insulin-resistance syndrome (IRS). C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen and leukocyte count are increased in the IRS and predict DM2 and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The chemochine monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2) is also elevated in DM2 and CVD. Recent evidence suggests a relation between chronic inflammation and GDM, but post-delivery information on inflammatory markers in these high-risk women is lacking. Serum levels of CRP, fibrinogen, MCP-1/ CCL2, and leukocyte blood count have been assessed in 26 women with and 26 women without a recent history of GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI), post-partum duration and parity. DM2 was excluded in all the participants by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Women with previous GDM showed significantly higher CRP (p=0.007) and fibrinogen (p=0.02) serum concentrations, whereas MCP-1/CCL2 serum levels and leukocyte blood count were comparable in the two groups. Overall, CRP levels significantly correlated with BMI (r=0.40, p=0.03), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (r=0.44, p=0.001), fasting insulin (r=0.27, p=0.04), insulin-resistance assessed by means of the homeostatic model (HOMA) (r=0.28, p=0.04), and fibrinogen concentration (r=0.49, p=0.0001). At linear regression analysis, only WHR and fibrinogen were independently associated with CRP levels. In conclusion, the increase of inflammatory markers may be one of the first detectable disorders in healthy women at high risk of DM2 and IRS, like those with a GDM history.
Effect of exercise on placental blood flow in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, diabetes or intrahepatic cholestasis.; The effects of a standardized exercise test on intervillous placental blood flow were studied in 13 hypertensive, 10 diabetic and 8 cholestatic pregnant women in late pregnancy, and the results were compared with those of a normal control group. Analysis of variance for repeated measures revealed that in all the pathologic groups, placental blood flow was lower than in the controls. In all groups placental blood flow rose slightly 1 min after the cessation of exercise. The diabetics showed a decreased placental blood flow 30 min after the cessation of the exercise test (p less than 0.02). In diabetics, a fall was found in stroke volume, from 63 +/- 12 ml (mean +/- SD) before the exercise to 53 +/- 11 ml 30 min after the cessation of exercise (p less than 0.05), and a rise in peripheral vascular resistance, from 1540 +/- 200 (mean +/- SD) dynes/cm5 before exercise to 1750 +/- 390 dynes/cm5 30 min after the cessation of exercise (p less than 0.05). Pre-eclamptic patients had a higher peripheral vascular resistance than had normal controls. Pre-eclamptic, diabetic and cholestatic patients had lower cardiac index values than the normal subjects. The difference was significant in the pre-eclamptic and diabetic patients at 30 min after the cessation of exercise. Maternal heart rate, and systolic, diastolic and mean arterial blood pressures rose significantly from values at rest to values at the end of exercise in all groups. One of the pre-eclamptic patients showed a 74% decline in placental blood flow 1 min after the cessation of exercise coincident with fetal bradycardia.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Risk for preterm and very preterm delivery in women who were born preterm.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether women who themselves were born preterm are at increased risk of preterm delivery and, if so, whether known maternal complications of preterm birth such as hypertension or diabetes explain this risk. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study of all women born preterm (51,148) and term (823,991) in Québec, Canada, between 1976 and 1995; after frequency matching 1:2 preterm to term, we examined the relationship of preterm birth between women and their offspring. RESULTS: The study included 7,405 women who were born preterm (554 before 32 weeks of gestation and 6,851 at 32-36 weeks of gestation) and 16,714 women born term, who delivered 12,248 and 27,879 newborns, respectively. Overall, 14.2% of women born before 32 weeks of gestation, 13.0% of 32-36 weeks of gestation, and 9.8% of those born term delivered prematurely at least once during the study period, including 2.4%, 1.8%, and 1.2%, respectively, who delivered very preterm (both P<.001 for trend). After adjustment for factors including own birth weight for gestational age and pregnancy complications, the overall odds of preterm first live delivery associated with being born preterm was elevated by 1.63-fold (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.22-2.19) for women born before 32 weeks of gestation and 1.41-fold (95% CI 1.27-1.57) for those born at 32-36 weeks of gestation relative to women born term. CONCLUSION: Women who themselves were born preterm are at increased risk of delivering their neonates prematurely. This is independent of prematurity risks associated with hypertension and diabetes. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
The role of lactation in GDM women.; Lactating women exhibit more favorable blood glucose and insulin profiles, as well as increased insulin sensitivity than nonlactating women. Yet, much less is known about whether these favorable effects on metabolic risk factors persist long-term among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The evidence that lactation reduces incident type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy is limited and inconsistent. Well-controlled, prospective studies that measure lactation intensity and duration, and comprehensively screen for postpartum glucose tolerance are needed to conclusively determine whether lactation can lead to reduced risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy.
Congenital malformations in infants of diabetic mothers.; In a series of 701 infants born to diabetic women between 1950 and 1974 ,57(8-1 percent) had congential malformations which is a rate three to four timeshigher than in the normal populations of Birmingham.. In 26 cases(3-8 per cent) the malformations were fatal and accounted for 26 per cent of the perinatal mortality in the series. Central nervous system, cardiovascular and skeletal abnormalities were equally common and there was a high incidence of anencephalus, spina bifida, transposition of the great vessels and sacral dysgenesis...
Semilobar holoprosencephaly in a 12-month-old baby boy born to a primigravida patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Holoprosencephaly is a rare spectrum of cephalic disorders resulting from a failure or incomplete division of the embryonic forebrain into distinct cerebral hemispheres. It is the most common brain malformation with an incidence of 1:250 during embryogenesis; however, owing to the associated high rates of spontaneous abortion the incidence is 1:16,000 among live deliveries. Pathogenesis of holoprosencephaly is complex and heterogeneous involving genetic abnormalities, teratogenic exposures, and syndromic associations. Among the teratogenic exposures, maternal diabetes is a well-established risk factor associated with a 200-fold increased incidence of holoprosencephaly. CASE PRESENTATION: We report a case of a delayed diagnosis of semilobar holoprosencephaly in a 12-month-old baby boy of African descent who presented to us with a history of global developmental delay, erratic sleep patterns, and poor weight gain. He was born to a type 1 diabetes mellitus mother at 39+ weeks by emergency cesarean section due to fetal distress and breech presentation. The baby weighed 2315 g and had Apgar scores of 6/10 and 8/10 at 1 and 5 minutes respectively. A physical examination done at 12 months of age revealed a small-for-age child with a developmental age of 2 months. He had normal facies but a neurological examination revealed hypotonia in all four limbs. The rest of systemic examination was unremarkable. Hematological and biochemical investigations revealed normal findings except for iron deficiency anemia. The child also underwent magnetic resonance imaging of his brain which revealed distinctive features of semilobar holoprosencephaly. He was treated for iron deficiency anemia with Hemovit syrup (ferric ammonium citrate, folic acid, pyridoxine hydrochloride, cyanocobalamin, and zinc sulfate) 10 ml thrice daily, ferrous sulfate 10 mg once daily, folic acid 1 mg once daily, and multivitamin syrup 5 ml once daily. Furthermore, nutritional and genetic counseling was offered to his parents. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, although rare, holoprosencephaly is the commonest structural anomaly of the brain with a complex and multifactorial etiopathogenesis. It is prudent to diagnose it prenatally, classify its severity, and forge its prognosis so that parents are counseled early enough to make informed decisions especially where termination of pregnancy may be implicated.
Exposure to Gestational Diabetes Is a Stronger Predictor of Dysmetabolic Traits in Children Than Size at Birth.; CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Being born small or large for gestational age and intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes (GDM) increase the risk of type 2 diabetes in the offspring. However, the potential combined deleterious effects of size at birth and GDM exposure remains unknown. We examined the independent effect of size at birth and the influence of GDM exposure in utero on cardiometabolic traits, body composition, and puberty status in children. DESIGN, PARTICIPANTS, AND METHODS: The present study was a longitudinal birth cohort study. We used clinical data from 490 offspring of mothers with GDM and 527 control offspring aged 9 to 16 years, born singleton at term from the Danish National Birth Cohort with available birthweight data. RESULTS: We found no evidence of a U-shaped association between size at birth (expressed as birthweight, sex, and gestational age adjusted z-score) and cardiometabolic traits. Body size in childhood and adolescence reflected the size at birth but was not reflected in any metabolic outcome. No synergistic adverse effect of being born small or large for gestational age and exposure to GDM was shown. However, GDM was associated with an adverse metabolic profile and earlier onset of female puberty in childhood and adolescence independently of size at birth. CONCLUSION: In childhood and adolescence, we found GDM was a stronger predictor of dysmetabolic traits than size at birth. The combination of being born small or large and exposed to GDM does not exacerbate the metabolic profile in the offspring.
Maternal hyperglycemia in singleton pregnancies conceived by IVF may be modified by first-trimester BMI.; STUDY QUESTION: Does IVF independently increase the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and is this increase in risk modified by maternal body mass index? SUMMARY ANSWER: IVF appears to be an independent risk factor for GDM and elevated blood glucose levels in overweight women (BMI > 25 kg/m2). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: IVF has been associated with increased risk of GDM, but most previous studies did not adequately assess confounding or effect modification by other risk factors. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Cross-sectional study using data from 1089 women with singleton pregnancies who participated in a Singaporean birth cohort study (GUSTO) and received a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 26-28 weeks gestation. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: A total of 1089 women (n = 1013 conceived spontaneously, n = 76 conceived through IVF) with singleton pregnancies received a 75 g OGTT at 26-28 weeks gestation. Fasting and 2 h postprandial blood glucose levels were assayed. World Health Organization criteria (1999) standard criteria were used to classify GDM: ≥7.0 mmol/L for fasting and/or ≥7.8 mmol/L for 2-h postprandial plasma glucose levels, which was the clinical guideline in use during the study. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: IVF pregnancies had nearly double the odds of GDM (OR = 1.83, 95% CI: 1.03-3.26) and elevated fasting (mean difference = 0.12 mmol/L, 95% CI: 0.00-0.24) and OGTT 2-h blood glucose levels (mean difference = 0.64 mmol/L, 95% CI: 0.27-1.01), after adjusting for commonly recognized risk factors for GDM. After stratification by first-trimester BMI, these increased risks of GDM (OR = 3.54, 95% CI: 1.44-8.72) and elevated fasting (mean difference = 0.39 mmol/L, 95% CI: 0.13-0.65) and 2-h blood (mean difference = 1.24 mmol/L, 95% CI: 0.56-1.91) glucose levels were significant only in the IVF group who is also overweight or obese (BMI > 25 kg/m2). LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: One limitation of our study is the absence of a 1 h post-OGTT plasma glucose sample, as we were using the 1999 WHO diagnostic criteria (the clinical guideline in Singapore) at the time of our study, instead of the revised 2013 WHO diagnostic criteria. Our cohort may not be representative of the general Singapore obstetric population, although participants were recruited from the two largest maternity hospitals in the country and include both private and subsidized patients. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: IVF appears to be an independent risk factor for GDM and elevated blood glucose levels in overweight women. Our findings reinforce the need to advise overweight or obese women contemplating IVF to lose weight before the procedure to reduce their risk of GDM and hyperglycemia-related adverse outcomes arising therefrom. In settings where universal GDM screening is not routine, overweight or obese women who conceive by IVF should be screened. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This research was supported by the Singapore National Research Foundation under its Translational and Clinical Research (TCR) Flagship Program and administered by the Singapore Ministry of Health's National Medical Research Council (NMRC), Singapore (NMRC/TCR/004-NUS/2008; NMRC/TCR/012-NUHS/2014). Additional funding was provided by the Singapore Institute for Clinical Sciences, Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR). K.M.G. and Y.S.C. have received lecture fees from Nestle Nutrition Institute and Danone, respectively. K.M.G., Y.S.C. and S.Y.C. are part of an academic consortium that has received research funding from Abbott Nutrition, Nestec and Danone. The other authors have nothing to disclose. The other authors have nothing to disclose. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Monoamine oxidase activity in the term human placenta.; Using a radioenzymatic assay, placental monoamine oxidase (MAO) activity was measured at term after delivery in normal and high-risk pregnancies where decreases in placental blood flow previously were shown. MAO activity in placentas of healthy controls after spontaneous labor was similar to that after elective cesarean section not in labor (mean +/- SE, 133 +/- 18 versus 100 +/- 15 nmol/min/mg protein, respectively). Compared to controls, there was a significant reduction in placental MAO activity in high-risk pregnancies (chronic hypertension, toxemia, and diabetes mellitus), 71 +/- 14, 69 +/- 22, and 69 +/- 7, respectively (P less than 0.05). These differences also were maintained when data were expressed per total placental weight. Effects of antihypertensive drugs on MAO activity in healthy placental tissue were assessed. In homogenates, both hydralazine and magnesium sulfate reduced enzyme activity, while in explants this was not observed. The effects of certain metabolites (which are elevated in plasma of diabetic patients) on healthy homogenates also were studied. Only butyrate reduced enzyme activity. In conclusion, placental MAO activity in vitro is low in term high-risk pregnancies. This may reduce local metabolic inactivation of catecholamines and serotonin and consequently lead to a decrease in blood flow. Such a direct relationship must be confirmed in further studies.
Adverse effect of obesity on red cell membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in gestational diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Gestational diabetes is a metabolic disorder affecting 2-5% of women and is a predictor of obesity, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance, a characteristic of gestational diabetes and obesity, is correlated with the fatty acids profile of the red cell and skeletal muscle membranes. We investigated the plasma and red cell fatty acid status of gestational diabetes. The effect of obesity on membrane fatty acids was also examined. METHODS: Fasting blood obtained at diagnosis was analysed for the fatty acids in plasma choline phosphoglycerides and red cell choline and ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. RESULTS: There were reductions in arachidonic acid (controls 10.74+/-2.35 vs gestational diabetes 8.35+/-3.49, p<0.01) and docosahexaenoic acid (controls 6.31+/-2.67 vs gestational diabetes 3.25+/-2.00, p<0.0001) in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides in gestational diabetes. A similar pattern was found in the ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Moreover, the arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids depletion in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides was much greater in overweight/obese gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid=7.49+/-3.37, docosahexaenoic acid=2.98+/-2.18, p<0.01) compared with lean gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid=10.03+/-2.74, docosahexaenoic acid=4.18+/-1.42). CONCLUSION/INTERPRETATION: Apparently normal plasma choline phosphoglycerides fatty acids profile in the gestational diabetic women suggested that membrane lipid abnormality is associated specifically with perturbation in the membrane. The fact that the lipid abnormality is more pronounced in the outer leaflet of the membrane where most of receptor binding and enzyme activities take place might provide an explanation for the increased insulin resistance in gestational diabetes and obesity.
Metabolic changes in gestational diabetes.; Normal pregnancy produces profound metabolic alterations that occur, in large part, by the conclusion of the first trimester. Although necessary to support the metabolic needs of the conceptus, the metabolic and cardiovascular changes of pregnancy are well established weeks before the metabolic needs of the fetus and placenta are fully expressed. The endocrine and metabolic characteristics of gestational diabetes, therefore, can only be understood against the backdrop of the rapidly changing conditions of normal pregnancy. Nondiabetic pregnancy produces an "accelerated starvation" in the fasting state with an earlier and more profound hypoglycemia and an increased fasting insulin. In the fed state, normal pregnancy produces a higher postprandial glycemic response despite an amplified first phase insulin response and higher plasma insulin concentrations. Both the intravenous glucose tolerance test and the steady state euglycemic clamp demonstrate that, by the second trimester, pregnancy produces peripheral and, perhaps, hepatic insulin resistance. The decreased peripheral uptake of glucose and the increased basal production of glucose in the fasting state support an increased flux of glucose to the fetus. Weight-matched obese gestational diabetic gravidae demonstrate a greater fall in fasting glucose and greater increase in ketosis compared with normal control gravidae. Obese GDM patients appear to have increased fasting insulin concentration compared with lean GDM and nondiabetic controls, whereas nonobese GDM patients do not appear to have elevated fasting insulin concentrations. Women with gestational diabetes have a greater rise in SI postpartum than controls, though the SI is the same in normal and gestational diabetic pregnancy in the third trimester.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
TGFβ and Wnt in cardiac outflow tract defects in offspring of diabetic pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy causes defects in infant heart, including the outflow tracts (OFTs). Development of the aorta and pulmonary artery, which are derived from the common OFT in the embryo, is regulated by the transforming growth factor β (TGFβ) and Wnt families, and can be perturbed by hyperglycemia-generated intracellular stress conditions. However, the underlying cellular and molecular mechanisms remain to be delineated. METHODS: Female mice were induced diabetic with streptozotocin. Embryonic and fetal OFTs were examined morphologically and histologically. Cell proliferation was assessed using 5'-bromo-2'-deoxyuridine incorporation assay. Oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress markers and TGFβ factors were detected using immunohistochemistry. The expression of genes in the Wnt-signaling system was assessed using real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction array. The role of activin-A in cell proliferation was addressed by treating embryos cultured in high glucose with activin-A. RESULTS: Maternal diabetes caused complex abnormalities in the OFTs, including aortic and pulmonary stenosis and persistent truncus arteriosus. The development of the endocardial cushions was suppressed, manifested with insufficient cellularization of the tissues. Cell proliferation was significantly decreased under oxidative and ER stress conditions. The expression of genes in the Wnt signaling was significantly altered. Activin-A and Smad3 were found to be expressed in the OFT. Treatment with activin-A rescued cell proliferation in the endocardial cushions. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes generates oxidative and ER stress conditions, suppresses TGFβ and Wnt signaling, inhibits cell proliferation and cellularization of the endocardial cushions, leading to OFT septal defects. Activin-A plays a role in hyperglycemia-suppressed proliferation of the endocardial cells.
Chorionic and amniotic placental membrane-derived stem cells, from gestational diabetic women, have distinct insulin secreting cell differentiation capacities.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and their offspring, are at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Chorionic (CMSCs) and amniotic mesenchymal stem cells (AMSCs) derived from placental membranes provide a source of autologous stem cells for potential diabetes therapy. We established an approach for the CMSC/AMSC-based generation of functional insulin-producing cells (IPCs). CMSCs/AMSCs displayed significantly elevated levels of NANOG and OCT4 versus bone marrow-derived MSCs, indicating a potentially broad differentiation capacity. Exposure of Healthy- and GDM-CMSCs/AMSCs to long-term high-glucose culture resulted in significant declines in viability accompanied by elevation, markedly so in GDM-CMSCs/AMSCs, of senescence/stress markers. Short-term high-glucose culture promoted pancreatic transcription factor expression when coupled to a 16-day step-wise differentiation protocol; activin A, retinoic acid, epidermal growth factor, glucagon-like peptide-1 and other chemical components, generated functional IPCs from both Healthy- and GDM-CMSCs. Healthy-/GDM-AMSCs displayed betacellulin-sensitive insulin expression, which was not secreted upon glucose challenge. The pathophysiological state accompanying GDM may cause irreversible impairment to endogenous AMSCs; however, GDM-CMSCs possess comparable therapeutic potential with Healthy-CMSCs and can be effectively reprogrammed into insulin-secreting cells.
Biological and sociocultural determinants of increased blood pressure among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus in rural China: a retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of hypertension and cardiovascular events among mothers later in life. This risk has not been well recognised by healthcare professionals in rural China. Our objectives were to (1) describe the proportion of rural women with increased blood pressure and a history of GDM; and (2) explore the biological and sociocultural factors associated with increased blood pressure. DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study using data from a cross-sectional survey. SETTING: Data were collected in two county-level hospitals in the central south of China between November 2017 and June 2018. PARTICIPANTS: Postpartum women aged >18 years with a history of GDM (N=397). METHODS: Biological and sociocultural variables were examined. We used bivariate analyses to examine the associations between time since delivery and 2-hour postload glucose, and logistic regression to determine the biological and sociocultural factors associated with increased postpartum blood pressure. RESULTS: Approximately 20% (n=78) of women had increased blood pressure, defined as a systolic blood pressure ≥130 mm Hg and/or a diastolic blood pressure ≥85 mm Hg. The biological factors of advanced age, family history of hypertension and abnormal 2-hour postload plasma glucose levels were positively associated with increased blood pressure (p<0.05). General self-efficacy was the only sociocultural factor negatively associated with increased blood pressure (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: One in five rural Chinese postpartum women with a history of GDM were found to have increased blood pressure. Biological and sociocultural factors were associated with increased postpartum blood pressure; women with lower general self-efficacy were more likely to have increased blood pressure. Disseminating knowledge about the high risk of developing increased blood pressure among women with prior GDM in rural China is indicated. Diabetes prevention programmes could consider adding general self-efficacy promotion strategies in this population.
Barriers to, and Facilitators of, Lifestyle Changes to Prevent Gestational Diabetes: An Interpretive Description of South Asian Women and Health-Care Providers Living and Working in Southern Ontario, Canada.; OBJECTIVES: People of South Asian ancestry are the fastest growing non-Caucasian ethnic group in Canada and are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. Pregnant South Asian women have a 2-fold increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, which increases their risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. The specific objectives of this study were to explore the perceptions of health behaviours (diet and physical activity) during pregnancy in the South Asian community. METHODS: We used interpretive description to further understand the cultural and contextual factors that influence the knowledge, attitudes and practices of diet and physical activity of South Asian women of childbearing age and those who provide health care to this group. RESULTS: Two major themes that emerged from the perspectives of 10 South Asian pregnant women included: (1) importance of considering an individual's locus of control; and (2) support (emotional and information exchange) from family, friends and health-care providers. Two major themes identified by the 11 health-care providers were: (1) cultural awareness in caring for South Asian women during pregnancy; and (2) clinic management, logistics and resources. A common theme for both South Asian pregnant women and health-care providers was the importance of considering the cultural landscape in relation to how knowledge is obtained, shared and valued. CONCLUSION: A better understanding of these cultural underpinnings may support the development of interventions tailored for pregnant South Asian women and their health-care providers.
[Progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy].; Diabetic retinopathy should be carefully monitored during certain risk situations. Indeed, diabetic retinopathy in pregnant type 1 diabetic patients can rapidly progress and threaten vision, as in other situations such as puberty, glycemic equilibration, or ocular surgery. During pregnancy, five major risk factors for progression have been identified: pregnancy itself, diabetic retinopathy grade at baseline, duration of diabetes, important glycated hemoglobin reduction, and high blood pressure. These factors must be taken into account when planning pregnancy in diabetic patients and during the follow-up of their diabetic retinopathy. Diabetic women should be counseled about the risks of progression of their disease before planning pregnancy. Careful eye examination before and during the first trimester should be done in these patients, in order to detect severe non-proliferative diabetic retinopathy and/or high-risk diabetic retinopathy and perform rapid laser treatment if needed. Follow-up visit frequency should be adapted to the severity of the diabetic retinopathy. Very few authors have studied diabetic macular edema during pregnancy. This complication can spontaneously regress postpartum and should not be treated too rapidly.
[Polycystic ovary syndrome: what are the obstetrical risks?].; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age and the leading cause of female infertility. This condition is frequently associated with significant metabolic disorders, including obesity and hyperinsulinemia. Therefore, it seems essential to focus on the pregnancy of these patients and possible obstetric complications. Many studies suggest an increase in the risk of obstetric pathology: early miscarriage, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed during early pregnancy, prematurity, low birthweight or macrosomia, neonatal complications and cesarean sections. However, it is difficult to conclude clearly about it, because of the heterogeneity of definition of PCOS in different studies. In addition, many confounding factors inherent in PCOS including obesity are not always taken into account and generate a problem of interpretation. However it seems possible to conclude that PCOS does not increase the risk of placental abruption, HELLP syndrome, liver disease, postpartum hemorrhage, late miscarriage and stillbirth.
Serum osteoprotegerin is associated with carotid intima media thickness in women with previous gestational diabetes.; Circulating levels of osteoprotegerin (OPG) have been shown to be increased in patients with cardiovascular disorders and diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine serum OPG levels in women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM), and to investigate the relationship between OPG and carotid intima media thickness (IMT) and circulating cardiovascular risk factors. Serum OPG was measured in 46 women with previous GDM and 30 age-matched healthy controls. Carotid IMT was evaluated. Serum lipid, insulin and hsCRP levels, plasma fibrinogen, vWF and PAI-1 levels were measured. Serum OPG levels tended to be increased in women with previous GDM (p=0.058). Carotid IMT was increased in the study group. Women with previous GDM had elevated levels of hsCRP and PAI-1. OPG levels were positively correlated with age, fasting and post-load glucose levels, hsCRP, and carotid IMT. Multiple regression analysis showed that serum OPG was a statistically significant predictor for elevated carotid IMT. Our results revealed that OPG levels tended to be elevated in women with previous GDM. Significant association of OPG with carotid IMT suggested that OPG might play a role in the pathogenesis of endothelial dysfunction in women with previous GDM.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes on long-term follow up have normal vascular function despite more dysglycemia, dyslipidemia and adiposity.; AIMS: Previous gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes and increased metabolic risk, but the link with vascular dysfunction is not clear. This study examined vascular function in women 4-10 years after a diagnosis of GDM who had a normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the first postpartum year. METHODS: We studied 90 women with a history of GDM and 59 age-matched controls, examining differences in insulin resistance as measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) and glucose responses during an OGTT, adiposity, lipid profile and C-reactive protein (CRP). Using pulse wave analysis, we also measured cardiac function, vascular compliance, and systemic vascular resistance. RESULTS: Women with a history of GDM had higher measures of adiposity (body mass index 28.9 ± 6.5 vs. 26.6 ± 6.9 kg/m(2), P=0.04, waist-hip ratio 0.85 ± 0.06 vs. 0.79 ± 0.07, P<0.001), dyslipidemia (LDL cholesterol 2.78 ± 0.64 vs. 2.41 ± 0.56 mmol/L, P<0.001, total cholesterol: HDL cholesterol 3.93 ± 1.2 vs. 3.21 ± 0.82 mmol/L, P<0.001) and abnormal glucose metabolism (50% vs. 12%, P<0.001). However, there was no difference in CRP, HOMA-IR, or measures of cardiovascular function including pulse rate, pulse pressure, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output, systemic vascular resistance, small and large artery elasticity index. After controlling for adiposity, blood pressure, lipids and CRP, glycemic status did not contribute to vascular function. CONCLUSION: Despite a higher incidence of adiposity, dyslipidemia, and impaired glycemia, women with a history of GDM who had a normal postpartum OGTT did not have impaired vascular function 4-10 years postpartum, when compared to healthy controls.
[Neonatal morbidity associated to gestational diabetes. A descriptive study on 74 patients].; INTRODUCTION: women with gestational diabetes have an increase risk for maternal and neonatal metabolic complications. OBJECTIVE: to evaluate detection, treatment and close surveillance. METHODS: we recruited all women with gestational diabetes whose pregnancies ended in this hospital between September to November of 2005. All newborns were examined by a neonatologist and initiated early feeding with infant formula or glucose solution. RESULTS: a total of 74 patients with gestational diabetes were included. The age was 31.03 +/- 4.79 years, and the body mass index before pregnancy was 32.31 +/- 6.41. Eighteen patients developed third-trimester complications, in fourteen of them it was hypertensive disease of pregnancy. All were single pregnancies that ended in 71 term and 3 preterm newborns. There were not fetal or perinatal deaths. There were four small newborns for gestational age, 18 large for gestational age and 52 normal weight newborns. Eleven neonates had metabolic complications, eight of them had idiopathic respiratory distress syndrome, four had hypoglycaemia and one large for gestational age had obstetric trauma. Also two neonates with cardiovascular malformations were diagnosed. Thirty-six mothers returned for revaluation, eight had type 2 diabetes, six glucose intolerance. CONCLUSIONS: this group of patients shows the maternal and neonatal morbidity associated to gestational diabetes in patients under close surveillance. Systematic early screening in women at risk and close surveillance are required to obtain healthy newborns.
Impact of maternal diabetes type 1 on proliferative potential, differentiation and apoptotic activity in villous capillaries of term placenta.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal diabetes mellitus changes morphology and impairs function of placental capillaries. Here, quantitative parameters characterizing cell proliferation using detection of Ki67, differentiation reflected by nestin expression and apoptosis in placental capillary bed with active caspase 3 as a marker were compared in normal term placentas and placentas from pregnancies complicated by Type 1 maternal diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Specimens of sixteen diabetic placentas and eight control placentas were collected by systematic uniform random sampling. Immunohistochemical detections of Ki67, nestin, and active caspase 3 were performed in histological sections of five haphazardly chosen blocks per placenta. Twenty fields of view per section, i.e. one hundred fields of view per placenta, were used for analysis of proliferation as well as of apoptosis, and in approximately 70 capillary cross-sections per placenta the nestin-positive segments of their circumference were measured. RESULTS: The percentage of Ki67-positive cells counted in the capillary wall was significantly lower in diabetic group. The counts of Ki67-labelled nuclei per villous area unit were significantly lower in cytotrophoblast and capillary wall of terminal villi in diabetic placenta. The proportion of nestin-labeled segments of capillary circumference was significantly higher in placentas of diabetic group. No differences in the numbers of apoptotic cells were found between studied groups. DISCUSSION: The results show that the term placenta in Type 1 diabetes has lower potential to enlarge the surface area of structures involved in maternofetal transport, and that the villous capillary bed displays delayed differentiation. Those factors may participate in decreased ability of diabetic placenta to comply with fetal requirements in the final stage of pregnancy.
[Diabetic feto- and embryopathies].; The present article gives an analysis of available literature and the authors' own findings. Perinatal mortality of progeny of mothers suffering from diabetes mellitus may be caused both by embryopathy and antenatal fetopathy. The authors did not observe diabetic gameto- and blastopathies and no indications to their existance was found in literature, although some investigators admit the possibility of genetic implication in the pathology of progeny of parents with diabetes mellitus. In the progeny of mothers suffering from diabetes mellitus among congenital malformations which allow further intrauterine development and even extrauterine life, according to literature data most often there were observed malformations of the skeleton (37%), cardiovascular system malformations (24%) and those of the nervous system (14%). In all observations of the authors there were found congenital malformations of the bone system not infrequently in combination with other congenital defects. The main features of diabetic fetopathy appear in the last third of pregnancy, and therefore it may be considered as late antenatal fetopathy. The term "diabetic children" applied by some authors to children with diabetic fetopathy should be avoided since it may be erroneously understood as diabetes mellitus. In the majority of cases quite different mechanisms underlie these conditions: hypofunction of the islet apparatus of the pancreas in diabetes mellitus, and its hypofunction in diabetic fetopathy. Diagnosis of diabetic feto- and embryopathies is always based on both clinical and morphological data.
Maternal hemodynamics and neonatal birth weight in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes: new insights from novel causal inference analysis modeling.; OBJECTIVE: Normal pregnancy is characterized by significant changes in maternal hemodynamics that are associated with fetal growth. Pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with large-for-gestational age and macrosomia, but the relationship between maternal hemodynamic parameters and birth weight (BW) among women with GDM has not been established. Our objective was to investigate the influence of maternal hemodynamics on neonatal BW in healthy pregnancies and in those complicated by GDM. METHODS: This was a prospective, cross-sectional case-control study of women aged ≥ 16 years with a singleton viable pregnancy, recruited between January 2016 and February 2021 at Leicester Royal Infirmary, Leicester, UK. GDM was defined as a fasting glucose level ≥ 5.3 mmol/L and/or serum glucose level ≥ 7.8 mmol/L, 2 h following a 75-g oral glucose load. We collected data on maternal characteristics and pregnancy outcome, including body mass index (BMI) at booking and BW centile adjusted for gestational age at delivery. Maternal hemodynamic parameters were assessed at 34-42 weeks' gestation using the Arteriograph® and bioreactance techniques. Graphical causal inference methodology was used to identify causal effects of the measured variables on neonatal BW centile. RESULTS: Included in the analysis were 141 women with GDM and 136 normotensive non-diabetic pregnant controls. 62% of the women with GDM were managed pharmacologically, with metformin and/or insulin. Variables included in the final model were cardiac output (CO), mean arterial pressure (MAP), total peripheral resistance (TPR), aortic augmentation index (AIx), aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV) and BMI at booking. Among the controls, maternal BMI, CO and aortic PWV were significantly associated with neonatal BW. Each SD increase in booking BMI produced an increase of 8.4 BW centiles (P = 0.002), in CO produced an increase of 9.4 BW centiles (P = 0.008) and in aortic PWV produced an increase of 7.1 BW centiles (P = 0.017). We found no significant relationship between MAP, TPR or aortic AIx and neonatal BW. Maternal hemodynamics influenced neonatal BW among the women with GDM in a similar manner to that in the control group, but only the relationship between maternal BMI and neonatal BW reached statistical significance, with a 1-SD increase in BMI producing an increase of 6.1 BW centiles (P = 0.019). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal BMI, CO and PWV were determinants of BW in our control group. The relationship between maternal hemodynamics and neonatal BW was similar between women with GDM and healthy controls. Our findings therefore suggest that fetal growth restriction in pregnancies complicated by GDM may indicate maternal cardiovascular dysfunction. © 2022 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Maternal diabetes induces autism-like behavior by hyperglycemia-mediated persistent oxidative stress and suppression of superoxide dismutase 2.; Epidemiological studies show that maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of autism spectrum disorders (ASDs), although the detailed mechanisms remain unclear. The present study aims to investigate the potential effect of maternal diabetes on autism-like behavior in offspring. The results of in vitro study showed that transient hyperglycemia induces persistent reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation with suppressed superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD2) expression. Additionally, we found that SOD2 suppression is due to oxidative stress-mediated histone methylation and the subsequent dissociation of early growth response 1 (Egr1) on the SOD2 promoter. Furthermore, in vivo rat experiments showed that maternal diabetes induces SOD2 suppression in the amygdala, resulting in autism-like behavior in offspring. SOD2 overexpression restores, while SOD2 knockdown mimics, this effect, indicating that oxidative stress and SOD2 expression play important roles in maternal diabetes-induced autism-like behavior in offspring, while prenatal and postnatal treatment using antioxidants permeable to the blood-brain barrier partly ameliorated this effect. We conclude that maternal diabetes induces autism-like behavior through hyperglycemia-mediated persistent oxidative stress and SOD2 suppression. Here we report a potential mechanism for maternal diabetes-induced ASD.
Diagnostic imaging in diabetes mellitus.; Diagnostic imaging techniques have an important role in supplementing the clinical evaluation of the diabetic. These are discussed in relation to the pathophysiologic changes: vascular degeneration, neurologic and infective changes, and maternal-fetal influences during pregnancy.
Fetal heart biventricular diameter/foot length index as a diagnostic marker of fetal macrosomia in the second and third trimester of pregnancy.; PURPOSE: Fetal macrosomia may have serious effects on both mother and newborn, so it is important to correctly evaluate the fetal weight before delivery. Fetal routine biometry, height of the fundus of uterus, interventricular septal thickness seems to be very good but still not perfect. In our study the relation between fetal biventricular (AP) diameter and fetal foot length was elaborated in the 2nd and 3rd trimester of pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The analyzed group (n = 423 fetuses) was divided into 2 subgroups: a control group (n = 109 fetuses) with normal biometry, normal heart anatomy and normal cardiac function, no extracardiac malformation, no extracardiac anomalies, gestational age ranged from 17.5 to 37.1 weeks of gestation, born at term with birth weight 3000-3600 g, and a study group (n = 314 fetuses) with gestational age 17.5-39.5 weeks. Among the study group there were 20 patients (n = 20 fetuses) with macrosomia defined as a neonatal birth weight of greater than or equal to 4000 g. The control group was used to generate normograms on fetal AP, foot length and AP/Foot Index. The Statistica 13.3 and Excel 365 software were used to calculate the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive values. RESULTS: In control group, the mean biventricular fetal heart (AP) measurement was 23 mm (12.9 mm-38 mm), the mean foot length was 43 mm (24 mm-71 mm), and the mean AP/Foot Index was 0.52 (0.40-0.65). The value of the AP/Foot Index in the second trimester of the control group was 0.53, whereas the AP/Foot Index in the third trimester of pregnancy was 0.51. The use of standard fetal biometry resulted in the prediction of macrosomia in 20%, whereas the AP/Foot index in addition to standard fetal biometry enabled the detection of 65% of macrosomia. CONCLUSIONS: The AP/Foot Index higher than 0.52 has greater sensitivity and negative predictive value to detect macrosomia compared to standard ultrasound fetal biometry.
Diabetes and anti-diabetic interventions and the risk of gynaecological and obstetric morbidity: an umbrella review of the literature.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes has reached epidemic proportions in recent years with serious health ramifications. The aim of this study was to evaluate the strength and validity of associations between diabetes and anti-diabetic interventions and the risk of any type of gynaecological or obstetric conditions. METHODS: Design: Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Medline, Embase, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, manual screening of references. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Systematic reviews and meta-analyses of observational and interventional studies investigating the relationship between diabetes and anti-diabetic interventions with gynaecological or obstetric outcomes. Meta-analyses that did not include complete data from individual studies, such as relative risk, 95% confidence intervals, number of cases/controls, or total population were excluded. DATA ANALYSIS: The evidence from meta-analyses of observational studies was graded as strong, highly suggestive, suggestive or weak according to criteria comprising the random effects estimate of meta-analyses and their largest study, the number of cases, 95% prediction intervals, I(2) heterogeneity index between studies, excess significance bias, small study effect and sensitivity analysis using credibility ceilings. Interventional meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials were assessed separately based on the statistical significance of reported associations, the risk of bias and quality of evidence (GRADE) of included meta-analyses. RESULTS: A total of 117 meta-analyses of observational cohort studies and 200 meta-analyses of randomised clinical trials that evaluated 317 outcomes were included. Strong or highly suggestive evidence only supported a positive association between gestational diabetes and caesarean section, large for gestational age babies, major congenital malformations and heart defects and an inverse relationship between metformin use and ovarian cancer incidence. Only a fifth of the randomised controlled trials investigating the effect of anti-diabetic interventions on women's health reached statistical significance and highlighted metformin as a more effective agent than insulin on risk reduction of adverse obstetric outcomes in both gestational and pre-gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes appears to be strongly associated with a high risk of caesarean section and large for gestational age babies. Weaker associations were demonstrated between diabetes and anti-diabetic interventions with other obstetric and gynaecological outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Open Science Framework (OSF) (Registration https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/9G6AB ).
Effects of a Lifestyle Intervention in Young Women with GDM and Subsequent Diabetes.; The purpose of this study was to examine whether a 9-month intensive lifestyle intervention could lead to weight loss and improve cardiovascular risk factors among young women with both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and newly diagnosed diabetes. A total of 83 young women, who had GDM and were subsequently diagnosed as type 2 diabetes at an average of 2.6 years after delivery, participated in a 9-month intensive lifestyle intervention and a follow-up survey at 6-9 years postintervention. After the 9-month intervention, these women had a weight loss of 2.90 kg (-4.02% of initial weight), decreased waist circumference (-3.12 cm), body fat (-1.75%), diastolic blood pressure (-3.49 mmHg), fasting glucose (-0.98 mmol/L) and HbA1c (-0.72%). During the 6-9 years postintervention period, they still had lower weight (-3.71 kg; -4.62% of initial weight), decreased waist circumference (-4.56 cm) and body fat (-2.10%), but showed a slight increase in HbA1c (0.22%). The prevalence of using glucose-lowering agents increased from 2.4% at baseline to 34.6% after the 9-month lifestyle intervention, and to 48.4% at 6-9 years postintervention. A 9-month intensive lifestyle intervention can produce beneficial effects on body weight, HbA1c and other cardiovascular risk factors among young women with previous GDM who subsequently developed new diabetes.
Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on the stereoselective kinetic disposition and metabolism of labetalol in hypertensive patients.; PURPOSE: This study investigated the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on the kinetic disposition and stereoselective metabolism of labetalol administered intravenously or orally. METHODS: Thirty hypertensive women during the last trimester of pregnancy were divided into four groups: non-diabetic and diabetic women treated with intravenous or oral labetalol. RESULTS: The pharmacokinetics of labetalol was not stereoselective in diabetic or non-diabetic pregnant women receiving the drug intravenously. However, oral administration of labetalol resulted in lower values of the area under the plasma concentration versus time curve (AUC) for the β-blocker (RR) than for the other enantiomers in both diabetic and non-diabetic women. Gestational diabetes mellitus caused changes in the kinetic disposition of the labetalol stereoisomers when administered orally. The AUC values for the less potent adrenoceptor antagonist (SS) and for the α-blocking (SR) isomers were higher in diabetic than in non-diabetic pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: The approximately 100% higher AUC values obtained for the (SR) isomer in diabetic pregnant women treated with oral labetalol may be of clinical relevance in terms of the α-blocking activity of this isomer.
Likelihood-Based Random-Effect Meta-Analysis of Binary Events.; Meta-analysis has been used extensively for evaluation of efficacy and safety of medical interventions. Its advantages and utilities are well known. However, recent studies have raised questions about the accuracy of the commonly used moment-based meta-analytic methods in general and for rare binary outcomes in particular. The issue is further complicated for studies with heterogeneous effect sizes. Likelihood-based mixed-effects modeling provides an alternative to moment-based methods such as inverse-variance weighted fixed- and random-effects estimators. In this article, we compare and contrast different mixed-effect modeling strategies in the context of meta-analysis. Their performance in estimation and testing of overall effect and heterogeneity are evaluated when combining results from studies with a binary outcome. Models that allow heterogeneity in both baseline rate and treatment effect across studies have low type I and type II error rates, and their estimates are the least biased among the models considered.
Risk factors for conotruncal cardiac defects in Atlanta.; Because the causes of conotruncal cardiac defects are poorly understood, a case-control study was conducted to investigate maternal risk factors for conotruncal cardiac defects. Eligible cases included all infants who were born from 1976 through 1980 to residents of the five county metropolitan Atlanta area and diagnosed with truncus arteriosus, transposition of the great arteries or tetralogy of Fallot. Eligible control infants were a sample of comparable infants without birth defects. Maternal interviews were conducted for 73% (83 of 114) of eligible cases and 72% (1,303 of 1,804) of eligible control infants. The results showed increased risks associated with maternal diabetes (odds ratio 5.6; 90% confidence interval 2.5 to 15.6), maternal stress related to job loss, divorce, separation or death of a close friend or relative (odds ratio 2.4; 90% confidence interval 1.4 to 4.2) and a history of a sibling with a cardiac defect (odds ratio 4.8; 90% confidence interval 2.2 to 10.5). The statistical power of the data was adequate to rule out threefold or greater increases in risk for a wide variety of other exposures, including maternal illnesses other than diabetes, contraceptive use, nonmedicinal drugs (for example, coffee, tea, alcohol, cigarettes, street drugs), employment and education. This population-based study offers no clues that could explain either the high rate of transposition of the great arteries or the temporal trend of an increasing rate of tetralogy of Fallot in Atlanta.
Fetal heart rate response to amniocentesis in early pregnancy.; Fetal heart rate (FHR) was studied during 14 consecutive amniocenteses in the 15th to 16th week of gestation by means of an ultrasound FHR monitor making beat to beat registration. FHR was monitored for 15 min prior to amniocentesis and 30 min after the procedure. The amount of fluid aspirated varied between 20 and 30 ml. In seven amniocenteses the fetuses reacted with reduced fetal heart rate variability, "silent pattern". The beat to beat variation fell from a level of 15-20 beats per min to 0-1 beat per min, starting four minutes after the amniocentesis, and lasting for two minutes. This pattern was never seen in the baseline study periods prior to amniocentesis (p < 0.01). The most likely explanation for this new observation seems to be that some fetuses are influenced by the reduction of amniotic fluid and stay immobile for some time.
The effect of gestational diabetes on identification of key genes and pathways in human umbilical vein endothelial cell by integrated bioinformatics analysis.; Maternal diabetes may lead to long-term risks for the offspring. The study aims at identifying the potential crucial genes and pathways associated with foetal metabolism and malformation of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Gene Expression Series 49524 and 87295 were downloaded from Gene Expression Omnibus database, including eight from GDM and eight from non-GDM. A total of 35 differentially expressed genes were identified. Gene ontology functional annotation and signalling pathway analyses were performed. Four hub genes were identified by protein-protein interaction network: SHH, E2F1, STAT1, and HOXA9. The four hub genes were assessed by western blot and real-time quantitative PCR in clinical samples. The results of this data mining and integration help to reveal the pathophysiologic and molecular mechanism imprinted in primary umbilical cord-derived cells from GDM offspring. These genes and pathways identified are potential stratification biomarkers and provide further insight for developing therapeutic intervention for the offspring of diabetic mothers.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Maternal diabetes may lead to long-term risks for the offspring. A high glucose environment might change the umbilical cord expression of genes implicated in foetal metabolism and development. However, underlying molecular mechanisms have not been investigated thoroughly.What do the results of this study add? GO functional annotation showed that the biological functions of differentially expressed genes mainly involved in metanephros development, salivary gland morphogenesis, fat cell differentiation, vasculogenesis, muscle cell proliferation, heart morphogenesis and Wnt signalling pathway. Signalling pathway analyses found that these differentially expressed genes mainly implicated in the apoptosis, cell cycle, Hedgehog, P53, and NOTCH signalling pathway. Four hub genes were identified by protein-protein interaction network: SHH, E2F1, STAT1 and HOXA9.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? The genes and pathways identified in the present study are potential stratification biomarkers and provide further insight for developing therapeutic intervention for the offspring of diabetic mothers.
The Diabetes in Early Pregnancy Study: changes in cholesterol, triglycerides, body weight, and blood pressure. The National Institute of Child Health and Human Development--the Diabetes in Early Pregnancy Study.; This study examined changes in cholesterol, triglycerides, body weight, and blood pressure during pregnancy in 312 diabetic and 356 control women recruited within 21 days after conception. Cholesterol values rose in both groups but were significantly lower in diabetic women at each time point (166 vs 178 mg/dl at week 12, p = 0.0004). Triglyceride values also rose in both groups. Triglyceride levels did not differ between groups up to week 8 of gestation, but by weeks 10 to 12 they were significantly lower in diabetic women than in controls (75 vs 89 mg/dl at week 12, p = 0.0004). Although they were no heavier at entry, diabetic women gained significantly more weight between weeks 6 and 8 (p less than 0.001), resulting in a mean difference between groups of 1 kg. Systolic blood pressure increased steadily and significantly in the diabetic but not the control women (115.8 +/- 16.2 SD vs 109.3 +/- 11.8 mm Hg, p = 0.0006 at term). Diastolic blood pressure was higher in diabetic women on entry (70.7 vs 67.3 mm Hg, p = 0.0006) and throughout gestation. Significant correlations were found in the diabetic group between maternal blood pressure and lipids and infant birth weight. These newly found differences in cholesterol and triglyceride levels, weight gain, and blood pressure between type I diabetic and control women during gestation may have long-term cardiovascular implications.
Periconception glycaemic control in women with type 1 diabetes and risk of major birth defects: population based cohort study in Sweden.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between maternal type 1 diabetes and the risk of major birth defects according to levels of glycated haemoglobin (HbA1C) within three months before or after estimated conception. DESIGN: Population based historical cohort study using nationwide health registers. SETTING: Sweden, 2003-15. PARTICIPANTS: 2458 singleton liveborn infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes and a glycated haemoglobin measurement within three months before or after estimated conception and 1 159 865 infants of mothers without diabetes. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Major cardiac and non-cardiac birth defects according to glycated haemoglobin levels. RESULTS: 122 cases of major cardiac defects were observed among 2458 infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes. Compared with 15 cases of major cardiac defects per 1000 infants of mothers without diabetes, the rates among infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes were 33 per 1000 for a glycated haemoglobin level of <6.5% (adjusted risk ratio 2.17, 95% confidence interval 1.37 to 3.42), 49 per 1000 for 6.5% to <7.8% (3.17, 2.45 to 4.11), 44 per 1000 for 7.8% to <9.1% (2.79, 1.90 to 4.12), and 101 per 1000 for ≥9.1% (6.23, 4.32 to 9.00). The corresponding adjusted risk differences were 17 (5 to 36), 32 (21 to 46), 26 (13 to 46), and 77 (49 to 118) cases of major cardiac defects per 1000 infants, respectively. 50 cases of major non-cardiac defects were observed among infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes. Compared with 18 cases of major non-cardiac defects per 1000 infants of mothers without diabetes, the rates among infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes were 22 per 1000 for a glycated haemoglobin level of <6.5% (adjusted risk ratio 1.18, 0.68 to 2.07), 19 per 1000 for 6.5% to <7.8% (1.01, 0.66 to 1.54), 17 per 1000 for 7.8% to <9.1% (0.89, 0.46 to 1.69), and 32 per 1000 for ≥9.1% (1.68, 0.85 to 3.33). CONCLUSION: Among liveborn infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes, increasingly worse glycaemic control in the three months before or after estimated conception was associated with a progressively increased risk of major cardiac defects. Even with glycated haemoglobin within target levels recommended by guidelines (<6.5%), the risk of major cardiac defects was increased more than twofold. The risk of major non-cardiac defects was not statistically significantly increased at any of the four glycated haemoglobin levels examined; the study had limited statistical power for this outcome and was based on live births only.
Diabetic embryopathy: pathogenesis, prenatal diagnosis and prevention.; In spite of the overall improvement in the management of diabetic pregnancies, congenital anomalies among infants of diabetic mothers still remain two to three times higher than in the nondiabetic population. Approximately 40 per cent of all perinatal deaths among diabetic offspring are due to congenital malformations. This article reviews the subject and discusses current views on pathogenesis, based on human and experimental work, describes methods available for prenatal diagnosis, and suggests an approach to the possible prevention of these malformations.
Maternal diabetes mellitus, a rat model for nonthyroidal illness: correction of hypothyroxinemia with thyroxine treatment does not improve fetal thyroid hormone status.; Maintenance of normal maternal thyroxinemia prevents severe triiodothyronine (T3) deficiency of the fetus with primary thyroid failure (1). We have studied whether thyroxine (T4) would also protect the fetal brain when maternal hypothyroxinemia is caused by nonthyroidal illnesses. We have used the streptozotocin-induced diabetes mellitus pregnant rat as a model of maternal nonthyroidal illness. We measured the effects of diabetes mellitus, and of correction of the ensuing maternal hypothyroxinemia with T4 as compared to insulin, on maternal body weight, the outcome of pregnancy, glucose, insulin, T4, T3, reverse T3, and thyrotropin levels in the maternal and fetal circulation, as well as T4 and T3 concentrations in tissues, and iodothyronine deiodinases in liver, lung, and brain. The diabetic mothers showed changes in thyroid hormone status typical of nonthyroidal illnesses. Thyroid hormone status of the fetuses was severely affected: the total T4 and T3 pools decreased to one-third of normal values. T4 and T3 concentrations in the fetal brain were lower than normal and the expected increase in 5'-deiodinase activity was not observed. Although insulin treatment avoided or mitigated these changes, the low cerebral T3 did not improve with T4 treatment of the maternal hypothyroxinemia. Several findings indicated that treatment of the severely ill dams with T4 was actually harmful for the outcome of pregnancy. These negative effects were observed without the expected increase in the maternal or fetal T3 pools.
Accelerometry-measured physical activity and inflammation after gestational diabetes.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse metabolic outcomes after delivery. Physical activity practice improves the inflammatory profile; however, whether this association exists in women with prior GDM remains unknown. Our objective was to examine the cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk factors associated with accelerometer-based measures of physical activity in women with prior GDM. METHODS: Ninety-six women who had GDM between 2003 and 2010 were tested 2.9 ± 2.2 yr after delivery. The physical activity practice was measured with ActiGraph GT3X (ActiGraph™, Pensacola, FL) accelerometers worn ≥ 5 d, and the time spent weekly in moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was derived. The waist circumference was measured and the inflammatory marker or cytokine concentrations were measured in fasting plasma by the xMAP technology using the Bio-Plex 200 system. The lipid profile was also measured from fasting blood samples. RESULTS: Only 31% of women accumulated at least 150 min of MVPA per week. No association was observed between the MVPA practice and any of the metabolic measurements in the whole group of women. The MVPA did not differ in groups stratified by waist circumference <88 or ≥ 88 cm. In women with waist circumference <88 cm, the MVPA was negatively correlated with circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein (r = -0.51, P = 0.006), leptin (r = -0.40, P = 0.008), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (r = -0.32, P = 0.04), and triglycerides (r = -0.44, P = 0.003). No association was seen with plasma interleukin-6; tumor necrosis factor-α; and total, LDL, or HDL cholesterol concentrations. CONCLUSION: These analyses suggest that in the years after delivery, longer time spent in MVPA practice is associated with a lower cardiometabolic risk only in women with prior GDM who do not have abdominal obesity.
Obesity in pregnancy as a model to identify women at risk for later metabolic syndrome.; The aim of our study is to identify - in a cohort of obese women - cardiovascular and clinical risk factors in women with previous complicated pregnancies and protective factors in women with previous physiological pregnancies. A total of 135 nonpregnant obese women referring to Policlinico Gemelli in Rome were prospectively collected in 2009-2010. Thirty-two women matched inclusion criteria: 16 reported a previous physiological pregnancy and 16 reported previous obstetric complications. A clinical, instrumental and laboratory evaluation has been performed for each patient. Statistical analysis was performed using StatView Software. Values are expressed as mean ± standard error (SEM). All tests were two-tailed with a confidence level of 95% (p < .05). Statistically significant reduced flow-mediated dilatation (p = .0338), increased serum values of vascular cell adhesion molecule (p = .0154) and higher systolic blood pressure values (p = .0427) have been detected in obese women with previous complicated pregnancies due to gestational diabetes and/or hypertension. In conclusion, obese patients with previous complicated pregnancies develop signs of endothelial dysfunction in the postpartum period. Future research should focus on the early identification of possible molecular mechanisms implicated in the development of glyco-metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in obese patients, since they are at higher risk of metabolic syndrome.
Rationale, design and recruitment characteristics of a large, simple international trial of diabetes prevention: the DREAM trial.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Diabetes is a rapidly rising independent risk factor for atherosclerosis and serious illness. This risk can be reduced by lifestyle changes and/or various drugs. Novel therapies to prevent diabetes, as well as new risk factors for diabetes, atherosclerosis and obesity require testing and identification. METHODS: People with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance were randomised to ramipril (15 mg/day) or placebo and rosiglitazone (8 mg/day) or placebo with a 2x2 factorial design. They are assessed semi-annually for the primary outcome (diabetes or death). Diabetes is diagnosed if two consecutive plasma glucose levels exceed diagnostic thresholds (i.e. fasting >/=7.0 mmol/l or 2-h >/=11.1 mmol/l) within a 3-month period. Assuming an annual primary outcome incidence of 5%, there is more than 90% power to detect a 22% reduction. Approximately 20% of participants are having annual carotid ultrasounds to assess the effects on atherosclerosis. Patients screened but not randomised are being followed prospectively to identify determinants of obesity, diabetes and related disorders. RESULTS: A total of 24,872 individuals in 21 countries were screened over 2 years and are eligible for follow-up. Of these, 5269 were randomised: 1835 (35%) had isolated impaired glucose tolerance, 739 (14%) had isolated impaired fasting glucose, and 2692 (51%) had both disorders. Annual carotid ultrasounds are currently being performed in 1406 randomised individuals. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The DREAM trial and related studies will determine if ramipril or rosiglitazone reduces the number of cases of diabetes and atherosclerosis, and will identify novel risk factors for diabetes.
A distinctive fatty acid profile in circulating lipids of Korean gestational diabetics: a pilot study.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a transient metabolic disorder that is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Previously, GDM was associated with reduced red cell long-chain omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in population (British) with high intake of total and saturated fat. The aim of the study was to examine blood fatty acids status of GDM patients (n=12) and normoglycaemic women (control, n=12) from South Korea where typical diet retains high omega-3 fat with low total fat intake. Subjects were matched for BMI and gestation week. Blood obtained at delivery were analyzed for plasma triacylglycerols (TG), phosphatidylcholine (PC), sphingomyelin (SM), and red cell PC, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and SM fatty acids. GDM patients had lower total saturated fatty acids (SFA) in the plasma TG (p<0.05) and PC (p<0.0001), and higher omega-6 and omega-3 metabolites in the plasma PC (p<0.05) than the controls. Conversely, the red cell PC and PE of the GDM contained higher proportions of palmitic (p<0.05) and SFA (p<0.05) but lower arachidonic (p<0.05) and docosahexaenoic (p>0.05) acids compared with the controls. Interestingly, red cell PC arachidonic acid level was comparable between Korean and British women whereas docosahexaenoic acid level decreased in the order of Korean control (5.5+/-0.9)>Korean GDM (3.5+/-2.1)=British control (3.9+/-2.9)>British GDM (2.8+/-2.3) (p<0.05). The similarity in the plasma and red cell fatty acids profile between Korean and British cohort suggests that the reduced membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in GDM might be attributed to the effect of the disease itself regardless of ethnicity, obesity, or diet.
Pre-pregnancy overweight overtakes gestational diabetes as a risk factor for subsequent metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of subsequent diabetes and metabolic syndrome (MS). The independent significance of overweight, often associated with GDM, is controversial. This study was aimed to investigate the prevalence of MS and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) values in normal and overweight women with previous insulin-treated GDM and control without GDM 19 years after the index pregnancy. METHODS: The study group consisted of 61 women with prior GDM and 55 controls who gave birth in Oulu University Hospital between 1988 and 1993. These women were further divided into subgroups according to pre-pregnancy BMI (<25 or ≥25 kg/m(2)). In 2008-2010, anthropometrics and blood pressure were measured, blood samples were taken, and an oral glucose tolerance test was performed to investigate the components of MS. CIMT was measured by Doppler ultrasound. RESULTS: Total prevalence of MS was 62% in the GDM group and 31% in the control group (P=0.001); it was highest (86%) in GDM women with pre-pregnancy overweight. CIMT was significantly thicker (0.67 vs 0.56 mm, P=0.007) and more often abnormal (71.7 vs 45.3%, P=0.004) in the GDM group compared with the controls. In logistic regression analysis, the strongest factor predicting MS in the whole study population was pre-pregnancy overweight. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-pregnancy overweight was the strongest predictive factor for later MS, whereas GDM indicated increased risk of subsequent diabetes and subclinical atherosclerosis. The risk of MS was highest when both of these factors were present.
Pregnancy after aortofemoral bypass grafting in a diabetic patient.; A case of pregnancy after an aortofemoral bypass graft for atherosclerosis in an insulin-dependent diabetic is described. Pregnancy after this type of surgery in a diabetic patient has not been described previously.
[Estriol and human placental lactogen as risk indicators in pregnancies of diabetic and hypertensive patients].; The correlation between estriol (E3) and human placenta lactogen (HPL) and perinatal morbidity was investigated in 105 diabetic, 96 hypertensive and 96 pregnancies without diabetes and hypertension. The hormones were determined by radioimmunoassay. Only if two determinations were outside the normal range the values were accepted as pathological. In pregnancies with hypertension a decrease of E3- and HPL-concentrations was correlated to significant higher incidence of operative deliveries and pathological APGAR-Scores. In the diabetic group is the low E3-concentration of significant predictive value in respect of the pathological cardiotocography as the indication of the operative delivery, the same applies to low HPL-concentrations in the hypertension group, in the control group no significant differences could be determined relating thereto. Hypotrophic newborns in the hypertension and control group are significant more frequent, if the concentration of E3 is decreased. The same applies to decreased HPL-concentrations in every group, where the hypertension group shows the highest predictive values.
Periconceptional care of women with diabetes mellitus.; Pregestational diabetes is a common complication of pregnancy that can be associated with severe maternal and fetal morbidity. In addition, some women could have progression of diabetic complications secondary to pregnancy. Preconception care can significantly reduce pregnancy complications with a dramatic impact on the diabetic mother and her infant. For those women whose condition could be hastened by conception education, better understanding and an improved decision should be available to them and their families. Because unplanned pregnancy is common among diabetic women, they should be counseled early for the importance of preconception care in the progression of this disease.
Stillbirth risk in a second pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the risk of stillbirth in a second pregnancy when previous stillbirth, preterm, and small-for-gestational age (SGA) births occurred in the previous pregnancy. METHODS: This was a population-based cohort study in New South Wales Australia from 2002 to 2006. Singleton births in a first pregnancy were linked to a second pregnancy using data from the New South Wales Midwives Data Collection and the New South Wales Perinatal Death Database. Deaths were classified according to the Perinatal Mortality Classifications of the Perinatal Society of Australia and New Zealand. Crude and adjusted hazard ratios were estimated using a proportional hazards model. RESULTS: Delivery of an SGA newborn in the first pregnancy was associated with increased risks of stillbirth in a second pregnancy (hazard ratio 1.73, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.15-2.60) and risk was further increased with prematurity (hazard ratio 5.65, 95% CI 1.76-18.12). Stillbirth in a first pregnancy had a nonsignificant association with stillbirth in the second pregnancy (hazard ratio 2.03, 95% CI 0.60-6.90). For women aged 30-34 years, the absolute risk of stillbirth up to 40 completed weeks of gestation was 4.84 per 1,000 among women whose first pregnancy was a stillbirth and 7.19 per 1,000 among women whose first pregnancy was preterm and SGA. CONCLUSION: Delivering an SGA and preterm neonate in a first pregnancy is associated with greater risks for stillbirth in a second pregnancy than delivering a previous stillbirth. All factors merit improved surveillance in a subsequent pregnancy, and research should address underlying factors common to all three outcomes.
[Arterial hypertension during pregnancy complicated by type-1 diabetes--clinical aspects].; In the group of 289 pregnant diabetic women hospitalised and followed-up between 1991-2000 in the Maternal-Fetal Medicine Dept., Research Institute Polish Mothers Memorial Hospital, 44 patients were diagnosed with hypertension arterialis (15.2%), significantly more frequently in women with long lasting diabetes complicated by angiopathy and whose who trend to be obese. Metabolic control did not differ in the group with hypertension and without. In the group of pregnant women with hypertension following symptoms occurred significantly more frequently: proteinuria (29.5%), pyelonephritis (11.4%), anaemia (25%) and the risk of premature delivery (25%). Hypertension arterialis shortened significantly the duration of pregnancy (34.7 weeks of gestation vs. 37.3) and affected the obstetrical outcome such as:-low birth weight and longer time of newborn hospitalisation.
Placental and circulating pregnancy-associated plasma protein A concentrates in normal and pathological term pregnancies.; The relationship between placental and peripheral concentrations of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) was investigated, using specific radioimmunoassay techniques. At term, placental concentrations of PAPP-A were significantly lower in diabetic pregnancies; 1.9 +/- 0.2 micrograms/mg (mean +/- SE) placental protein as compared with controls (3.2 +/- 0.3). Similar findings were noted when results were analyzed per total placental weight. Patients with classes C-R (1.2 +/- 0.3) had significantly lower PAPP-A levels than in classes A, B (2.4 +/- 0.3 micrograms/mg protein, P = .02). Peripheral PAPP-A levels were measured in patients with chronic hypertension, toxemia, diabetes mellitus, and healthy controls. Overall, the distribution of PAPP-A values in patients with diabetes mellitus were different from controls. In addition, concentrations of PAPP-A in patients with classes B-D were significantly lower than in class A (P less than .001). In patients with chronic hypertension, some values of PAPP-A were lower than the tenth percentile, while patients with toxemia had a distribution which was similar to that of controls.
Streptozotocin-induced diabetic pregnant rats exhibit signs and symptoms mimicking preeclampsia.; The number of patients with hypertension, obesity, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia is increasing. This tendency is observed in pregnant women, in whom many obstetrical and perinatal complications occur. The prevention of these abnormalities is important in reducing perinatal mortality and the risk of coronary disease. We established a pregnant rat model with diabetes and signs and symptoms mimicking preeclampsia. On day 6 of pregnancy, streptozotocin (STZ) or citrate buffer was injected into the tail vein. After STZ administration, plasma glucose was increased within 48 hours and sustained at a high level until day 20 of pregnancy, and plasma insulin was decreased. Fetuses from STZ-treated mothers were growth-restricted, and plasma glucose was 6-fold higher in fetuses of STZ-treated versus control rats. The systolic blood pressure, urinary protein, and hematocrit were increased significantly in STZ-treated rats. Total cholesterol and triglycerides were also elevated in STZ-treated rats, but plasma leptin levels were decreased. The STZ-induced diabetic pregnant rat model exhibited preeclampsia, hemoconcentration, hyperlipidemia, hypoleptinemia, and intrauterine growth restriction. This model closely mimics the features of human pregnancy complicated by diabetes and is useful for the basic study of the pathophysiology of pregnancy with diabetes.
Maternal diabetes programs hypertension and kidney injury in offspring.; We investigated whether maternal diabetes programs the offspring to develop hypertension and kidney injury in adulthood and examined potential underlying mechanisms. In a murine model we studied the offspring of three groups of dams (non-diabetic, diabetic, and diabetic treated with insulin). Mean systolic blood pressure in the offspring was monitored from 8 to 20 weeks. Body and kidney weights in the offspring of diabetic mothers were significantly lower than in offspring of non-diabetic mothers. Offspring of diabetic mothers developed hypertension, microalbuminuria, and glucose intolerance. Increased accumulation of extracellular matrix proteins in the glomeruli and marked upregulation of angiotensinogen, angiotensin II type 1 receptor, angiotensin-converting enzyme, transforming growth factor beta-1 (TGF-beta1), and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) gene expression were evident in the renal cortex of hypertensive offspring of diabetic mothers. By contrast, angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (ACE2) gene expression was lower in the hypertensive offspring of diabetic mothers than in that of non-diabetic mothers. These changes were prevented in the offspring of insulin-treated diabetic mothers. These data indicate that maternal diabetes induces perinatal programming of hypertension, renal injury, and glucose intolerance in the offspring and suggest a central role for the activation of the intrarenal renin-angiotensin system and TGF-beta1 gene expression in this process.
Metabolic syndrome in normal and complicated pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components in normal and complicated pregnancies. SETTING: university hospital, tertiary referral centre. SUBJECTS: 90 pregnant women in four groups: 20 women with preeclampsia, 20 women with gestational hypertension, 30 women with late-onset gestational diabetes and 20 healthy pregnant women as a control group. INTERVENTION: peripheral insulin resistance was measured by using the insulin tolerance test. Glucose, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, blood pressure and body mass index were analysed. Comparisons were done by Chi-squared test, one-way analysis of variance and the Bonferroni's test. Prevalence of the metabolic syndrome was calculated by adapting both the WHO and the NCEP definitions of the metabolic syndrome to pregnancy. RESULTS: There were no cases of metabolic syndrome in the control group according to any of the adapted definitions. The prevalence of this syndrome was 3.3% and 10% in the late-onset gestational diabetes group, 35% and 20% in the gestational hypertension group and 30% and 30% in the preeclampsia group for the WHO and the NCEP definitions, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Metabolic syndrome is present in about one-third of women with pregnancy-induced hypertension but only in 10% of women with late-onset gestational diabetes.
Medical complications of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy.; Many women with diabetes develop complications of their chronic disease that may have a tremendous impact on their quality of life and their ultimate prognosis. Because Type 1 diabetes often begins at a very early age, it is quite common for women in their child-bearing years to be affected by these complications. As described in this article, diabetic complications and pregnancy may significantly affect each other, but it is not always easy to predict the course of either and to counsel these patients accordingly. Nevertheless, it appears that only in rare occasions should women with diabetes be advised against pregnancy, and that in most situations, with careful and knowledgeable management, a favorable outcome of pregnancy can be expected both for the mother and her infant.
Surgical successful treatment of Cushing's syndrome in a pregnant patient complicated with severe cardiac involvement.; We encountered a case of a pregnant woman with adrenal causes of Cushing's syndrome who exhibited congestive heart failure as an initial symptom. Since the patient was also a diabetic, we treated her with high levels of diuretics and insulin. Echocardiography revealed a remarkable thickening of the left ventricle without asymmetric hypertrophy. The diagnosis of Cushing's syndrome caused by adrenal adenoma was confirmed by the endocrinological data and magnetic resonance imaging. The right adrenal adenoma was removed in the 28th week of pregnancy. After the operation, her congestive heart failure and hyperglycemia dramatically improved. Five weeks after the operation, she delivered a normal infant by caesarean section without complications. Only 4 months after delivery, the thickening of her left ventricle was normalized. We consider that the progression of her left ventricular hypertrophy induced by the changes in hemodynamic load during pregnancy may have been augmented by the excess of plasma cortisol. Operative therapy may be recommended for pregnant Cushing's syndrome patients with severe hypercortisolism complicating congestive heart failure.
Postpartum hemorrhage: not only hypertensive disorders in oocyte donation pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the study is to compare the obstetric outcome between single pregnancies obtained by medically-assisted procreation using oocyte donors (MAP-E) versus homologous gametes (MAP-O) and single spontaneous conception pregnancies (SC). METHODS: This is a retrospective case-control study on pregnancy outcome of consecutive singleton live birth pregnancies from MAP-E between January 2011 and August 2017 referred to Careggi University Hospital, Florence. The control group includes singleton pregnancies from MAP-O and pregnancies from spontaneous conceptions in the same period. The pregnancy outcomes considered were: postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), cesarean section (CS), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders including preeclampsia (HDP), preterm birth ≤34 weeks (PTB), and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetuses. RESULTS: The study group included 290 MAP-E pregnancies that were compared with 290 MAP-O and 870 singleton spontaneous conception pregnancies. The three groups did not show significant differences in maternal traits except for mean age (43.4±2.9 vs. 37.7±2.4 vs. 33.6±5.5, P<0.001), including a higher percentage of patients over 45 years (41.3% vs. 5% vs. 0.8%, P<0.001) and higher incidence of obesity (7.2% vs. 1.7%, P=0.02) in MAP-E than in MAP-O. The risk of HDP is increased in singleton pregnancies by oocyte donation with a significantly increased risk if compared to MAP-O (12% vs. 1%, P<0.001, OR=12.6). The risk of PPH in singleton pregnancies from oocyte donation is higher than in MAP-O (22% vs. 9% P<0.0001, OR=2.87). When we considered severe PPH (blood loss >1000 mL) the risk for MAP-E was higher if compared to MAP-O (OR=2.1, P=0.2) and mostly to SC (OR=14, P<0.005). Compared to SC, MAP-E pregnancies showed increased OR for all the outcomes: CS (78% vs. 30.8%, P<0.001, OR=7.91); GDM (26.1% vs. 10.8%, P<0.001, OR=2.92); HDP (12% vs. 2.2%, P<0.001, OR=5.99); PPH (22% vs. 8.5%, P<0.0001, OR=3.0); SGA (16% vs. 11%, P<0.05, OR=1.16); PTB ≤34 weeks (9.4% vs. 1%, P<0.001, OR=7.94). CONCLUSIONS: Most women who undergo MAP-E are in advanced age, representing a high-risk population for obstetric complications, like HPD and PPH, which stands as the main worldwide cause of maternal mortality.
Risk of Pregnancy Complications in Relation to Maternal Prepregnancy Body Mass Index: Population-Based Study from Finland 2006-10.; BACKGROUND: Overweight and obesity are well-known risk factors for several pregnancy-related complications, but the nature of the association between maternal adiposity and these complications has been less studied. The objective of the present study was to examine the shape and the magnitude of the association between maternal prepregnancy body mass index and the risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia of different severity, gestational hypertension, and obstetric cholestasis among Finnish primiparae women. METHODS: Data on all primiparae women who delivered a singleton newborn in Finland between 2006 and 2010 were identified from the Finnish Medical Birth Register and the Finnish Hospital Discharge Register (n = 119 485). Associations were analysed using restricted cubic spline regression and logistic regression models. RESULTS: There was a nonlinear dose-dependent association between body mass index and the risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, and gestational hypertension, and the risk was increased already among normal weight primiparae women. However, in the presence of pre-existing hypertension or diabetes body mass index was not associated with the risk of pre-eclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Efforts to reduce prepregnancy overweight and obesity need to be intensified, and also, measures to better identify those normal weight women who are at increased risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension should be developed.
Management and outcome of sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; AIMS: To report the management and outcomes of sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy. METHODS: A retrospective review of 8 diabetic females who developed pregnancy related sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy requiring treatment over a 12-year period. RESULTS: In total, 16 eyes of eight patients were included in this series. The mean age of the patients at presentation was 30.75 years +/-3.8 SD and the mean duration of diabetes was 21.0 years +/-5.1 SD. The mean follow-up period was 46.75 months +/-47.2 SD. A total of 87.5% of patients showed progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy, 71% of which were in the sight-threatening proliferative category. In the postpartum period, 81% of patients continued to progress to proliferative diabetic retinopathy, requiring panretinal photocoagulation and multiple other surgical procedures. In all, 69% of eyes retained visual acuity equal to or better than 0.3 logMAR units (6/12). CONCLUSION: Sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy is a rare disease, but it can have devastating consequences for mother and child. Laser photocoagulation should be considered for pregnant women with severe preproliferative diabetic retinopathy. Proliferative diabetic retinopathy may not regress postpartum. Close followup should be extended in the postpartum period in this group of patients until the retinopathy is stabilised. The presence of combined rhegmatogenous and tractional retinal detachment and neovascular glaucoma were associated with the worst outcome.
Diversity of potassium channels in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells: a review of their roles in human umbilical artery contraction.; Through their control of cell membrane potential, potassium (K(+)) channels are among the best known regulators of vascular tone. This article discusses the expression and function of K(+) channels in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells (HUASMCs). We review the bibliographic reports and also present single-channel data recorded in freshly isolated cells. Electrophysiological properties of big conductance, voltage- and Ca(2+)-sensitive K(+) channel and voltage-dependent K(+) channels are clearly established in this vessel, where they are involved in contractile state regulation. Their role in the maintenance of membrane potential is an important control mechanism in the determination of the vessel diameter. Additionally, small conductance Ca(2+)-sensitive K(+) channels, 2-pore domains K(+) channels and inward rectifier K(+) channels also appear to be present in HUASMCs, while intermediate conductance Ca(2+)-sensitive K(+) channels and ATP-sensitive K(+) channels could not be identified. In both cases, additional investigation is necessary to reach conclusive evidence of their expression and/or functional role in HUASMCs. Finally, we discuss the role of K(+) channels in pregnancy-related pathologies like gestational diabetes and preeclampsia.
Stable fetal hemodynamics measured by Doppler flow after initiation of anti-hypertensive treatment with methyldopa in pregnant women with diabetes.; AIM: To evaluate whether initiation of anti-hypertensive treatment with methyldopa affects fetal hemodynamics in women with pregestational diabetes. METHODS: Prospective study of unselected singleton pregnant women with diabetes (seven type 1 and two type 2 diabetes), normal blood pressure and kidney function at pregnancy booking. Methyldopa treatment was initiated at blood pressure >135/85 mmHg and/or urinary albumin excretion (UAE) >300 mg/g creatinine. Pulsatility indices (PI) of the uterine, umbilical, middle cerebral arteries before and 1 week after initiation of methyldopa treatment (250 mg three times daily) was performed and the cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) was calculated. RESULTS: Methyldopa treatment was initiated at median 249 (range 192-260) gestational days, mainly due to gestational hypertension (n = 7). Blood pressure declined from 142 (112-156)/92 (76-103) mmHg before to 129 (108-144)/82 (75-90) mmHg after initiation of methyldopa treatment (p = 0.11 and 0.04 for systolic and diastolic blood pressure, respectively). There were no significant changes in the umbilical artery PI (0.82 (0.72-1.40) versus 0.87 (0.64-0.95), p = 0.62) or CPR (1.94 (0.96-2.33) versus 1.78 (1.44-2.76), (p = 0.73). Gestational age was 265 (240-270) d. Apgar scores were normal. CONCLUSIONS: Stable Doppler flow velocity waveforms were documented after initiation of methyldopa treatment for pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders in this cohort of pregnant women with pregestational diabetes.
Evaluation of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac functions in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and maternal obesity.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: We aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal obesity or gestational diabetes on body composition, lipid, and glucose metabolism, arterial morphology, and functions in children, and to investigate these effects in terms of cardiometabolic diseases. METHODS: The study group was composed of 48 children who had a history of gestational diabetes or maternal obesity, and the control group was composed of 33 children. Echocardiographic assessments were performed. Socio-economic status and education level of mothers were obtained. RESULTS: In the study group, carotid intima-media thickness, epicardial adipose tissue thickness, and arterial stiffness values were found to be significantly higher compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while arterial distensibility and arterial strain values were found to be significantly lower (p = 0.003, p = 0.008, respectively). Among the children who had similar body mass index in both groups, children in the study group had higher carotid intima-media thickness and epicardial adipose tissue thickness values. Arterial stiffness values were significantly reduced (p = 0.028) and arterial distensibility and strain values were significantly increased (p = 0.039, p = 0.033, respectively) in the children whose mothers had gestational diabetes and high socio-economic status. Left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic internal thickness were found to be significantly increased in the children who had obese and unemployed mothers (p = 0.04, p = 0.03, respectively). CONCLUSION: Low socio-economic status was found to be associated with increased maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Poor socio-economic status, poor glycaemic control and being overweight during pregnancy indicate negative cardiometabolic outcomes for children in the long term.
Pregnancy following renal transplantation in class T diabetes mellitus.; Nine cases of pregnancy complicated by diabetes and prior renal transplantation are reviewed. Maternal and fetal death occurred in a patient with foot and leg ulcers associated with preexisting peripheral vascular disease. Pregnancy-induced hypertension occurred in six cases. Spontaneous weight-bearing fractures occurred in two patients. No episodes of renal allograft rejection occurred. Evidence of fetal compromise was present in six cases. All fetuses were delivered by cesarean section prior to term, with live births occurring from 31 1/2 to 36 weeks' gestation. A single case of hypospadias was the only congenital defect. Prepregnancy screening for complications of diabetes and renal transplantation is advised and euglycemia should be achieved before and during pregnancy. Advanced diabetic vascular disease puts these gestations at significant risk.
[Association of maternal diabetes mellitus and UCP2 gene polymorphisms with congenital heart disease in offspring: a case-control study].; OBJECTIVE: To study the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) gene polymorphisms, and their interaction with the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. METHODS: A hospital-based case-control study was conducted. A total of 464 mothers of children with CHD alone who were diagnosed in Hunan Children's Hospital from March 2018 to August 2019 were enrolled as the case group. A total of 504 mothers of healthy children who were hospitalized during the same period and did not have any deformity were enrolled as the control group. A questionnaire survey was performed to collect the information on exposure. Venous blood samples (5 mL) were collected from the mothers to detect UCP2 gene polymorphisms. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to investigate the association of maternal DM, UCP2 gene polymorphisms, and their interaction with CHD in offspring. RESULTS: After control for confounding factors, the multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that mothers with gestational DM (OR=2.96, 95%CI: 1.57-5.59), a history of gestational DM (OR=3.16, 95%CI: 1.59-6.28), and pregestational DM (OR=4.52, 95%CI: 2.41-8.50) significantly increased the risk of CHD in offspring (P<0.05). The polymorphisms of the UCP2 gene at rs659366 (T/C vs C/C: OR=1.49, 95%CI: 1.02-2.16; T/T vs C/C: OR=2.77, 95%CI: 1.67-4.62) and rs660339 (A/A vs G/G: OR=2.19, 95%CI: 1.34-3.58) were significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring (P<0.05). The interaction analysis showed an interaction between the polymorphisms of the UCP2 gene at rs659366 and rs660339 and maternal DM in the development of CHD (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal DM, UCP2 gene polymorphisms, and their interaction are associated with the development of CHD in offspring.
Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution and risk of fetal overgrowth: Systematic review of cohort studies.; OBJECTIVES: Fetal overgrowth has detrimental effects on both the mother and the fetus. The global issue of ambient air pollution has been found to contribute to fetal overgrowth through various pathways. This study aimed to identify the association between prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution and the risk of fetal overgrowth. METHODS: We identified articles between January 2013 and February 2024 by searching the Web of Sciences(WoS), PubMed, Proquest, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases. Quality assessment was performed using the Newcastle Ottawa scale. This review was provided based on the PRISMA guideline and registered with PROSPERO, "CRD42023488936". RESULTS: The search generated 1719 studies, of which 22 cohort studies were included involving 3,480,041 participants. Results on the effects of air pollutants on fetal overgrowth are inconsistent because they vary in population and geographic region. But in general, the results indicate that prenatal exposure to air pollutants, specifically PM(2.5), NO(2), and SO(2), is linked to a higher likelihood of fetal overgrowth(macrosomia and large for gestational age). Nevertheless, the relationship between CO and O(3) pollution and fetal overgrowth remains uncertain. Furthermore, PM(10) has a limited effect on fetal overgrowth. It is essential to consider the time that reproductive-age women are exposed to air pollution. Exposure to air pollutants before conception and throughout pregnancy has a substantial impact on the fetus's vulnerability to overgrowth. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal overgrowth has implications for the health of both mother and fetus. fetal overgrowth can cause cardiovascular diseases, obesity, type 2 diabetes, and other diseases in adulthood, so it is considered an important issue for the health of the future generation. Contrary to popular belief that air pollution leads to intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight, this study highlights that one of the adverse consequences of air pollution is macrosomia or LGA during pregnancy. Therefore governments must focus on implementing initiatives that aim to reduce pregnant women's exposure to ambient air pollution to ensure the health of future generations.
The branching pattern of villous capillaries and structural changes of placental terminal villi in type 1 diabetes mellitus.; Maternal diabetes is associated with changes of the placental structure. These changes include great variability of vascularity manifested by strikingly hypovascular as well as hypervascular terminal villi. In this paper, normal placental terminal villi and pathological villi of type 1 diabetic placentas were compared concerning the structure of villous stroma, spatial arrangement of villous capillary bed and quantitative assessment of capillary branching pattern. Formalin fixed and paraffin embedded specimens of 14 normal and 17 Type 1 diabetic term placentas were used for picrosirius staining, vimentin and desmin immunohistochemistry and confocal microscopy. 3D models of villi and villous capillaries were constructed from stacks of confocal optical sections. Hypervascular as well as hypovascular villi of diabetic placenta displayed changed structure of villous stroma, i.e. the collagen envelope around capillaries looked thinner and the network of collagen fibers seemed less dense. The desmin immunocytochemistry has shown that stromal cells of hypervascular as well as hypovascular villi appeared nearly or completely void of desmin filaments. In comparison with normal villi, capillaries of hypovascular villi had a smaller diameter and displayed a markedly wavy course whereas in hypervascular villi numerous capillaries occurred in reduced stroma and often had a large diameter. The quantitative assessment of capillary branching has shown that villous capillaries are more branched in diabetic placentas. It is concluded that type 1 maternal diabetes enhances the surface area of the capillary wall by elongation, enlargement of diameter and higher branching of villous capillaries and disrupts the stromal structure of terminal villi.
Histological changes in placenta villi in some types of pathological pregnancy.; The examinations were carried out on 3 placentas from normal pregnancies and 12 placentas from pathological pregnancies (gestosis, cholestasis, type A diabetes pregnancies and premature outflow of amniotic fluids). Placenta sections were fixed in glutaraldehyde and subsequently embedded in Epon 812. Semithin sections 1 mu thick were stained with methylene blue and azure. Moreover, changes in terminal villi were assessed. In comparison with the control placentas changes in blood vessels, stroma and syncytiotrophoblast were found.
Macrosomia and fetal growth restriction: evidence for similar extrauterine metabolic risks but with differences in pathophysiology.; PURPOSE: To investigate and compare the causes of macrosomia and FGR fetuses, their ultrasound characteristics and the importance of their similar metabolic profile in intrauterine and extrauterine life. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We searched Pubmed/Google Scholar database up until 15 December 2020 using keywords. Out of the 70 matching results we selected 50 most representative and matching papers. RESULTS: We found similar causes and metabolic profiles and in both conditions offspring are at increased risk of developing metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the extrauterine life. CONCLUSION: Despite similarities of the maternal factors and fetal metabolic profile it is still unknown which of them has worse metabolic status during intrauterine and extrauterine life.
Epidemiology of fetal death in Latin America.; BACKGROUND: To identify risk factors associated with fetal death, and to measure the rate and the risk of fetal death in a large cohort of Latin American women. METHODS: We analyzed 837,232 singleton births recorded in the Perinatal Information System Database of the Latin American Center for Perinatology and Human Development (CLAP) between 1985 and 1997. The risk factors analyzed included fetal factors and maternal sociodemographic, obstetric, and clinical characteristics. Adjusted relative risks were obtained, after adjustment for potential confounding factors, through multiple logistic regression models based on the method of generalized estimating equations. RESULTS: There were 14,713 fetal deaths (rate=17.6 per 1000 births). The fetal death risk increased exponentially as pregnancy advanced. Thirty-seven percent of all fetal deaths occurred at term, and 64% were antepartum. The main risk factors associated with fetal death were lack of antenatal care (adjusted relative risk [aRR]=4.26; 95% confidence interval, 3.84-4.71) and small for gestational age (aRR=3.26; 95% CI, 3.13-3.40). In addition, the risk of death during the intrapartum period was almost tenfold higher for fetuses in noncephalic presentations. Other risk factors associated with stillbirth were: third trimester bleeding, eclampsia, chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, syphilis, gestational diabetes mellitus, Rh isoimmunization, interpregnancy interval<6 months, parity > or =4, maternal age > or =35 years, illiteracy, premature rupture of membranes, body mass index > or =29.0, maternal anemia, previous abortion, and previous adverse perinatal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: There are several preventable factors that should be dealt with in order to reduce the gap in fetal mortality between Latin America and developed countries.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
Effects of air pollution on adverse birth outcomes and pregnancy complications in the U.S. state of Kansas (2000-2015).; Neonatal mortality and morbidity are often caused by preterm birth and lower birth weight. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) are the most prevalent maternal medical complications during pregnancy. However, evidence on effects of air pollution on adverse birth outcomes and pregnancy complications is mixed. Singleton live births conceived between January 1st, 2000, and December 31st, 2015, and reached at least 27 weeks of pregnancy in Kansas were included in the study. Trimester-specific and total pregnancy exposures to nitrogen dioxide (NO(2)), particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter less than 2.5 μm (PM(2.5)), and ozone (O(3)) were estimated using spatiotemporal ensemble models and assigned to maternal residential census tracts. Logistic regression, discrete-time survival, and linear models were applied to assess the associations. After adjustment for demographics and socio-economic status (SES) factors, we found increases in the second and third trimesters and total pregnancy O(3) exposures were significantly linked to preterm birth. Exposure to the second and third trimesters O(3) was significantly associated with lower birth weight, and exposure to NO(2) during the first trimester was linked to an increased risk of GDM. O(3) exposures in the first trimester were connected to an elevated risk of GH. We didn't observe consistent associations between adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes with PM(2.5) exposure. Our findings indicate there is a positive link between increased O(3) exposure during pregnancy and a higher risk of preterm birth, GH, and decreased birth weight. Our work supports limiting population exposure to air pollution, which may lower the likelihood of adverse birth and pregnancy outcomes.
Increased leptin, decreased adiponectin and FGF21 concentrations in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of metabolic diseases in the offspring. Leptin, adiponectin, and fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) may play potential roles in the underlying disease mechanisms. We investigated the impact of fetal exposure to GDM on leptin, adiponectin, and FGF21 concentrations and their associations with measures of adiposity and metabolic traits during childhood/adolescence. DESIGN AND METHODS: The follow-up study included 504 GDM and 540 control offspring aged 9-16 from the Danish National Birth Cohort. Anthropometric measurements, fasting blood samples, puberty status and fat percentages by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry were examined. Serum concentrations of leptin, adiponectin, and FGF21 were measured by validated immune assays. RESULTS: GDM offspring had 38% (95% CI: 22-55%) higher leptin, 0.6 mg/L (95% CI: -1.2, -0.04 mg/L) lower adiponectin, and 32% (95% CI: -47%, -12%) lower FGF21 concentrations than control offspring (P < 0.05). After adjustment for confounders including maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM offspring had borderline higher leptin (P = 0.06) and significantly lower FGF21 concentrations (P = 0.006). When accounting for offspring BMI z-score, GDM exposure had no significant independent effect on leptin or adiponectin concentrations, whereas FGF21 was still significant. In univariate analyses, leptin and adiponectin were associated with fasting insulin, HOMA-IR, and adiposity, and FGF21 with total fat percentage. CONCLUSIONS: GDM offspring had higher leptin, lower adiponectin and FGF21 concentrations than control offspring. Elevated leptin and decreased adiponectin concentrations associated with adverse metabolic traits and were most likely driven by higher obesity prevalence among GDM offspring. The functional implications of decreased FGF21 concentrations among GDM offspring need to be further explored.
Congenital malformations in babies of diabetic mothers.; In 1979-80 a national survey of the incidence of congenital malformations in babies born to diabetic mothers in the United Kingdom was carried out by questionnaire. Of the 1034 mothers reported, 773 were known to have diabetes before the index pregnancy. The incidence of congenital malformations ws 7.1% which is significantly higher than the 2.1% in the offspring reported to the Office of Population, Censuses and Surveys (OPCS) for England and Wales in 1979-80. The increase was most pronounced for malformations of the heart, spine, lungs, and brain. In 40% of the diabetic mothers blood glucose was not recorded during the first trimester of pregnancy, and in this group the malformation rate was twice that in babies born of mothers who had had at least one reported blood glucose estimation during this time. We conclude that there is an urgent need to improve health education and supervision before and during pregnancy in all diabetic women if the prevalence of malformations amongst their offspring is to be reduced.
Review of fetal cardiovascular and metabolic responses to diabetic insults in the pregnant ewe.; Studies with pregnant sheep are reviewed, which were designed to investigate whether short-term episodes of maternal hyperglycemia or hyperketonemia were detrimental to the fetus, whether ketones can cross the ovine placenta, and whether the combination of maternal hyperglycemia and hyperketonemia would contribute to an increased risk of fetal morbidity. It is concluded that acute increases in maternal ketones appear to be more detrimental to the fetus than acute increases in maternal glucose, as assessed by fetal cardiovascular, metabolic, and blood gas changes.
Preprandial versus postprandial blood glucose monitoring in type 1 diabetic pregnancy: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to compare preprandial and postprandial capillary glucose monitoring in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Sixty-one women with type 1 diabetes were randomly assigned at 16 weeks' gestation to preprandial or postprandial blood glucose monitoring using memory-based glucose reflectance meters throughout pregnancy. Serial measurements of hemoglobin A1c and fructosamine were obtained throughout pregnancy. Insulin, glucose, and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were measured in cord blood at delivery. Neonatal anthropometric measures were performed within 72 hours of delivery RESULTS: Maternal age, parity, age of onset of diabetes, number of prior miscarriages, smoking status, social class, weight gain in pregnancy, and compliance with therapy were similar in the two groups. The postprandial monitoring group had a significantly reduced incidence of preeclampsia (3% vs 21%, P<.048), a greater success in achieving glycemic control targets (55% vs 30%, P<.001) and a smaller neonatal triceps skinfold thickness (4.5+/-0.9 vs 5.1+/-1.3, P=.05). CONCLUSION: Postprandial capillary blood glucose monitoring in type 1 diabetic pregnancy may significantly reduce the incidence of preeclampsia and neonatal triceps skinfold thickness compared with preprandial monitoring.
Gestational diabetes, pregnancy hypertension, and late vascular disease.; The complexity of the several pathogenic pathways that cause hypertension and vascular disease and the prolonged interval that appears to predate clinical morbidity have hindered inquiry into the association between GDM and vascular disorders. As a forme fruste of later type 2 diabetes, GDM-affected gravidas are identified as at risk of diabetes-related atherosclerosis, glomerular disruption, and pathogenic retinal angio-genesis. That GDM is evidence for underlying chronic conditions such as dysregulation of innate immune response that, independent of the diabetic state, produces vascular disease is difficult state, produces vascular disease is difficult to assert with the present published literature. Cross-sectional studies of patients with established gestational hypertension or preeclampsia are ambiguous as to the possible pathogenic effect of insulin resistance. Cohort studies initiated in early and mid-pregnancy show evidence that both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia may be more prevalent in gravidas with greater insulin resistance. The association of gestational glucose intolerance with gestational hypertension appears to be independent of obesity and ambient glycemia but explained in part by insulin resistance. Late pregnancy preeclampsia is associated with elevated mid-pregnancy BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose and insulin, urate, and C-reactive protein, suggestive of metabolic and immune dysregulation. GDM appears to be associated with overexpressed innate immune response, which, in turn, is associated with vascular dysfunction and vascular disease. Among women with GDM, markers of insulin resistance do not appear to correlate with hypertension in short-term cohort studies. However, when non-GDM subjects are compared with subjects with GDM, postpregnancy studies do show an associated with vascular dysfunction and vascular disease. Among women with GDM, markers of insulin resistance do not appear to correlate with hypertension in short-term cohort studies. However, when non-GDM subjects are compared with subjects with GDM, postpregnancy studies do show an association of insulin resistance with both inflammatory dysregulation and vascular dysfunction. Cohort studies that have used population-based pregnancy databases consistently identify a clinically significant association of both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia with later hypertensive disorders. Associations with coronary artery disease or stroke are less consistent, requiring further investigation. Preventing the evolution of diabetes and lipid and immune dysregulation of the metabolic syndrome has become a silent public health issue because of the epidemic of childhood and early adulthood obesity and the opportunity at hand to treat insulin resistance by behavioral and pharmacological interventions. However, limited available literature highlights the need for long-term cohort studies of women with well-characterized metabolic and vascular profiles during pregnancy and decades later. Our present knowledge suggests that screening for GDM provides an opportunity of pregnancy outcome improvement. Limited studies of diabetes prevention in at-risk patient groups suggest that we may have the opportunity to reduce the risk of later diabetes. Additional investigation is required to determine if interventions that prevent or postpone diabetes also delay the onset of vascular disease.
Childhood neurodevelopmental disorders and maternal diabetes: A population-based cohort study.; AIM: To assess the risk of a wide spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) in offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHOD: This retrospective cohort study included 877 233 singletons born between 2004 and 2008 in Taiwan. Children were followed up to 2015 for diagnoses of NDDs, including autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), developmental delay, intellectual disability, cerebral palsy, and epilepsy/infantile spasms using health insurance claims data. We performed Cox regression models to estimate the relative risks of NDDs associated with maternal diabetes. Covariates included parental age, year of birth, child sex, family income, urbanization level, hypertensive disorder, and preterm delivery status. RESULTS: In utero there were 338 (0.04%) children exposed to T1DM, 8749 (1.00%) to T2DM, and 90 200 (10.28%) to GDM. The effect of T1DM on NDDs was the largest, followed by T2DM, then GDM. T1DM was associated with an increased risk of developmental delay, intellectual disability, and epilepsy/intellectual spasms in offspring. T2DM was associated with an increased risk of ASD, ADHD, developmental delay, intellectual disability, cerebral palsy, and epilepsy/intellectual spasms. GDM was associated with an increased risk of ASD, ADHD, and developmental delay. INTERPRETATION: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy, including T1DM, T2DM, and GDM, is associated with an increased risk of some NDDs in offspring.
Perinatal programming and functional teratogenesis: impact on body weight regulation and obesity.; It is increasingly accepted that alterations of the intrauterine and early postnatal nutritional, metabolic, and hormonal environment may cause predispositions for the development of diseases in later life. Studies in the offspring of diabetic mothers have decisively contributed to this perception. Alterations of the fetal and neonatal environment which offspring of diabetic mothers 'experience' seem to program a disposition to develop obesity, diabetes mellitus and Syndrome X-like alterations throughout later life. Underweight at birth is also suggested to lead to an increased risk of Syndrome X in later life ('Barker hypothesis'). Pathophysiological mechanisms are unclear. Hormones are important environment-dependent organizers of the developing neuro-endocrine-immune network, which finally regulates all fundamental processes of life. When present in non-physiological concentrations during 'critical periods' of perinatal life, induced by alterations in the intrauterine or neonatal environment, hormones can act as 'endogenous functional teratogens'. Perinatal hyperinsulinism is pathognomonic in the offspring of diabetic mothers. Early hyperinsulinism also occurs as a result of early postnatal overfeeding. In rats, endogenous hyperinsulinism, as well as peripheral or only intrahypothalamic insulin treatment during perinatal development, may lead to 'malprogramming' of neuroendocrine systems regulating body weight, food intake and metabolism. This results in an increased disposition to become obese and to develop diabetes throughout life. In conclusion, a complex malprogramming of the central regulation of body weight and metabolism may provide a general etiopathogenetic concept, explaining perinatally acquired dispositions, thereby opening a wide field of primary prevention.
[Diabetes and pregnancy. A prospective study of 14 cases (author's transl)].; Fourteen pregnant women with diabetes mellitus according to White's classification were studied. The presence or absence of bad signs of prognosis in pregnancy were noted throughout gestation. The development of microangiopathic lesions was evaluated at the beginning and end of gestation by direct ophthalmoscopy with two observers. Microangiopathic lesions were found at the end of gestation in some patients who had not had them at the beginning. This would suggest that pregnancy is a risk factor in the development of diabetic retinopathy. The lecithin-sphingomyelin ratio in the amniotic fluid was determined by thin-layer chromatography as an index of fetal respiratory maturity. This determination served as a reliable index of maturity in all cases except one. Lastly, fetal morbidity and mortality were established according to previous determined classifications.
African American Women with Cardiometabolic Complications of Pregnancy Have Decreased Serum Abundance of Specialized Pro-Resolving Lipid Mediators and Endocannabinoids.; African American (AA) women experience higher rates of maternal morbidity and mortality compared to US women of other racial/ ethnic groups. Cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy (including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) are leading contributors to maternal morbidity and mortality. Marked changes in circulating lipids are known to accompany cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy. Serum concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) have been shown to be inversely correlated with risk for preeclampsia. DHA is a biosynthetic precursor of a class of specialized pro-resolving mediators (SPMs), resolvins, that have anti-inflammatory properties and are also associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. We employed targeted lipidomics to characterize the distribution of DHA-containing phospholipids and SPMs in maternal serum collected in early and late pregnancy (8-14 weeks and 24-30 weeks gestation, respectively) to identify key lipids that are dysregulated during pregnancy in AA women who develop cardiometabolic complications. We identified a lipid signature in early pregnancy serum samples of AA women that is predictive of cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy with 74% accuracy. These are Resolvin D1, Resolvin E1, 2-AG, PGE2-glyerol ester, and 36:6 PC. These findings suggest that there are blood-based markers detectable in early pregnancy that can potentially identify persons at risk and tailor clinical interventions.
Diabetes Mellitus in Pregnancy Leads to Growth Restriction and Epigenetic Modification of the Srebf2 Gene in Rat Fetuses.; Diabetic pregnancy is correlated with increased risk of metabolic and neurological disorders in the offspring putatively mediated epigenetically. Little is known about epigenetic changes already present in fetuses of diabetic pregnancies. We aimed at characterizing the perinatal environment after preexisting maternal diabetes mellitus and at identifying relevant epigenetic changes in the fetus. We focused on the transcription factor Srebf2 (sterol regulatory element binding transcription factor 2), a master gene in regulation of cholesterol metabolism. We tested whether diabetic pregnancy induces epigenetic changes in the Srebf2 promoter and if they become manifest in altered Srebf2 gene expression. We worked with a transgenic rat model of type 2 diabetes mellitus (Tet29) in which the insulin receptor is knocked down by doxycycline-induced RNA interference. Doxycycline was administered preconceptionally to Tet29 and wild-type control rats. Only Tet29 doxycycline dams were hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, and hyperlipidemic. Gene expression was analyzed with quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction and CpG promoter methylation with pyrosequencing. Immunohistochemistry was performed on fetal brains. Fetuses from diabetic Tet29 dams were hyperglycemic and growth restricted at the end of pregnancy. They further displayed decreased liver and brain weight with concomitant decreased microglial activation in the hippocampus in comparison to fetuses of normoglycemic mothers. Importantly, diabetic pregnancy induced CpG hypermethylation of the Srebf2 promoter in the fetal liver and brain, which was associated with decreased Srebf2 gene expression. In conclusion, diabetic and hyperlipidemic pregnancy induces neurological, metabolic, and epigenetic alterations in the rat fetus. Srebf2 is a potential candidate mediating intrauterine environment-driven epigenetic changes and later diabetic offspring health.
Night/day ratio as predictor of preeclampsia in normoalbuminuric, diabetic women: early signs of blood pressure disorders.; PURPOSE: Day/night ratio from diurnal ambulatory blood pressure (AMBP) in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and in non-diabetic women was evaluated for its association with preeclampsia, retinopathy, HbA1c, and birth weight. METHODS: One hundred and sixty-one women were recruited for AMBP performed with a Spacelab 90207 monitor. The pregnant women were 50 non-diabetic women and 111 T1DM women with normoalbuminuria and no hypertension. ANOVA, regression, and ROC curves analysis were applied. RESULTS: Women with simplex retinopathy had higher night/day ratio and lower birth weight than those without retinopathy. Women who developed preeclampsia had night/day ratio similar to those with simplex retinopathy. In first trimester they had higher blood pressure than those who did not develop preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Simplex retinopathy and preeclampsia are associated with a reduced night/day ratio even with normal blood pressure but night/day ratio provides no better prediction of preeclampsia than the absolute values.
Evaluation of ultrasound diagnosis of fetal anomalies in women with pregestational diabetes: University of Florida experience.; Fetal congenital anomalies have become the major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes. We evaluated the use of level II ultrasound in predicting congenital anomalies, to determine if the management of pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes would be altered by these findings. We examined 43 insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies. In this group, 10 newborns (23%) were diagnosed either at birth or later to have an abnormality. Of these, four (9%) were diagnosed by ultrasound. Of the seven cases that were undiagnosed, three women did not undergo the level II examination, two women had lesions undetectable by ultrasound, and in two women cardiac abnormalities were missed. Of the four congenital anomalies that were prenatally diagnosed, the findings influenced the management in three cases. The level II ultrasound used as a screening test had a 67% sensitivity and a 100% specificity, with a positive predictive value of 100% and a negative predictive value of 91%. We conclude that high-resolution ultrasound may be used as a screening tool for congenital anomalies in the insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancy. This study also suggests that the use of fetal echocardiography with evaluation of aortic and pulmonary outflow tracts, the arch of the aorta, and ventricular size may be helpful in the diagnosis of fetal cardiac anomalies in the pregnant woman with insulin-dependent diabetes.
Trends in Gestational Diabetes at First Live Birth by Race and Ethnicity in the US, 2011-2019.; IMPORTANCE: Gestational diabetes is associated with adverse maternal and offspring outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether rates of gestational diabetes among individuals at first live birth changed from 2011 to 2019 and how these rates differ by race and ethnicity in the US. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Serial cross-sectional analysis using National Center for Health Statistics data for 12 610 235 individuals aged 15 to 44 years with singleton first live births from 2011 to 2019 in the US. EXPOSURES: Gestational diabetes data stratified by the following race and ethnicity groups: Hispanic/Latina (including Central and South American, Cuban, Mexican, and Puerto Rican); non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander (including Asian Indian, Chinese, Filipina, Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese); non-Hispanic Black; and non-Hispanic White. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcomes were age-standardized rates of gestational diabetes (per 1000 live births) and respective mean annual percent change and rate ratios (RRs) of gestational diabetes in non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander (overall and in subgroups), non-Hispanic Black, and Hispanic/Latina (overall and in subgroups) individuals relative to non-Hispanic White individuals (referent group). RESULTS: Among the 12 610 235 included individuals (mean [SD] age, 26.3 [5.8] years), the overall age-standardized gestational diabetes rate significantly increased from 47.6 (95% CI, 47.1-48.0) to 63.5 (95% CI, 63.1-64.0) per 1000 live births from 2011 to 2019, a mean annual percent change of 3.7% (95% CI, 2.8%-4.6%) per year. Of the 12 610 235 participants, 21% were Hispanic/Latina (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 66.6 [95% CI, 65.6-67.7]; RR, 1.15 [95% CI, 1.13-1.18]), 8% were non-Hispanic Asian/Pacific Islander (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 102.7 [95% CI, 100.7-104.7]; RR, 1.78 [95% CI, 1.74-1.82]), 14% were non-Hispanic Black (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 55.7 [95% CI, 54.5-57.0]; RR, 0.97 [95% CI, 0.94-0.99]), and 56% were non-Hispanic White (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 57.7 [95% CI, 57.2-58.3]; referent group). Gestational diabetes rates were highest in Asian Indian participants (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 129.1 [95% CI, 100.7-104.7]; RR, 2.24 [95% CI, 2.15-2.33]). Among Hispanic/Latina participants, gestational diabetes rates were highest among Puerto Rican individuals (2019 gestational diabetes rate, 75.8 [95% CI, 71.8-79.9]; RR, 1.31 [95% CI, 1.24-1.39]). Gestational diabetes rates increased among all race and ethnicity subgroups and across all age groups. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among individuals with a singleton first live birth in the US from 2011 to 2019, rates of gestational diabetes increased across all racial and ethnic subgroups. Differences in absolute gestational diabetes rates were observed across race and ethnicity subgroups.
Effect of maternal gestational diabetes on the cardiovascular risk factor profile of infants at 1 year of age.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Offspring of women with gestational diabetes (GDM) exhibit an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile by as early as age 5 years. Recently, maternal glycemia has been associated with epigenetic modification of genes on the fetal side of the placenta, including those encoding emerging risk factors (adiponectin, leptin), suggesting that vascular differences may emerge even earlier in life. Thus, we sought to evaluate cardiovascular risk factors and determinants thereof in 1-year-old infants of women with and without GDM. METHODS AND RESULTS: Traditional (glucose, lipids) and emerging (C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, leptin) risk factors were assessed in pregnancy in 104 women with (n = 36) and without GDM (n = 68), and at age 1-year in their offspring. In pregnancy, women with GDM had higher triglycerides (2.49 vs 2.10 mmol/L, p = 0.04) and CRP (5.3 vs 3.6 mg/L, p = 0.03), and lower adiponectin (7.3 vs 8.5 μg/mL, p = 0.04) than did their peers. At age 1-year, however, there were no differences in cardiovascular risk factors (including adiponectin) between the infants of women with and without GDM. Of note, maternal and infant adiponectin levels were associated in the non-GDM group (r = 0.39, p = 0.001) but not in the GDM group (r = 0.07, p = 0.67). Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analyses, maternal adiponectin emerged as an independent predictor of infant adiponectin in the non-GDM group only (beta = 776.1, p = 0.0065). CONCLUSION: Infants of women with and without GDM have a similar cardiovascular risk factor profile at age 1-year. However, there are differences in their early-life determinants of adiponectin that may be relevant to the subsequent vascular risk of GDM offspring.
Pregnancy outcome in women aged 40 years or more.; OBJECTIVE: The study aimed to analyze the pregnancy outcome of women aged 40 years or more. METHODS: A matched retrospective cohort study comparing women aged 40 years or more with a control group aged 20 to 30 years is described. Multivariate logistic regression models were fitted for the prediction of preterm birth and cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia and placenta previa were similar in both groups, but a higher rate of gestational diabetes was found in elderly patients (odds ratio [OR] 3.820, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.400-10.400; p < 0.0001). Preterm delivery was significantly more frequent in elderly women (OR 1.847, 95% CI = 1.123-3.037; p = 0.020). Gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension were strongly associated with preterm delivery and advanced maternal age was not an independent risk factor for preterm delivery. The cesarean delivery rate was significantly higher in the study group (OR 3.234, 95% CI = 2.266-4.617; p < 0.0001). The variables most influencing the cesarean delivery rate were maternal age, analgesia, parity, premature rupture of the membranes and gestational hypertension. No significant differences were detected in neonatal birth weight and Apgar score. CONCLUSIONS: Patients aged 40 years or more have been demonstrated to carry a favorable pregnancy and neonatal outcome, similar to younger patients. The risk of cesarean delivery was higher in patients with advanced maternal age, in nulliparous and in women with a previous cesarean section. The risk of preterm delivery was not related to age but it was strongly associated with gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension.
The effect of hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia on endothelial function in pregnant patients with type-2 diabetes.; We studied endothelial function (flow mediated vasodilation, FMD) during hyperinsulinemia and hyperglycemia in pregnant women with type-2 diabetes, in the second and third trimester. We found that hyperglycemia reduces FMD in late pregnancy.
Diabetic Retinopathy during pregnancy in Hispanic women with latent Toxoplasma gondii infection.; BACKGROUND: Retinal photography was performed in pregnancy and postpartum in pregnant Hispanic women with latent Toxoplasma gondii (TG) infection in order to screen for characteristic retinal lesions or the particular scars found in people with active T. gondii infection. A comparison group of TG negative women was included in the study but they did not have retinal photography. OBJECTIVE: The goal of the parent study was to assess for adverse pregnancy events and evidence for parasite reactivation in TG positive (TG + ) women, through examination of the eyes for characteristic lesions. Retinal photography, usually at prenatal visits 2 (17 +/- 3.35 weeks) and 3 (26.3+/-1.75) weeks, was done on TG + women. Fifty-six of these women also (43 %) had retinal photography at the postpartum visit. Health and demographic data were obtained at the first prenatal visit for all women. STUDY DESIGN: From the 690 recruited at the first prenatal visit, 128 TG- women and 158 TG + women were enrolled in a prospective study through pregnancy and the postpartum. All TG- women (n = 532) provided data at the first prenatal visit and throughout their pregnancy and birth through the EHR. This allowed comparison of health and outcome data for the TG + compared to a larger number of TG- Hispanic pregnant women. RESULTS: While there was no evidence of ocular toxoplasmosis during pregnancy, there was a surprisingly large number (42 %) of TG + women with diabetic retinopathy (DR). We also observed that TG + women had a 20 % incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to 11.3 % in the TG- women (p = 0.01). At postpartum (mean 5.6 weeks), 23 of 30 women with pregnancy DR showed no DR in the postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: No characteristic T. gondii lesions were discovered. Retinal photography serendipitously revealed DR in these T. gondii positive women. It was also found that latent TG infection was associated with increased incidence of GDM. Hispanic pregnant women's increased risk for latent TG infection, GDM and DR are underappreciated. Retinal photography may need to be considered an innovative approach to screening.
Reporting of gestational diabetes and other maternal medical conditions: validation of routinely collected hospital data from New South Wales, Australia.; INTRODUCTION: Hospital datasets are a valuable resource for examining prevalence and outcomes of medical conditions during pregnancy. To enable effective research and health planning, it is important to determine whether variables are reliably captured. OBJECTIVE: To examine the reliability of reporting of gestational and pre-existing diabetes, hypertension, thyroid conditions, and morbid obesity in coded hospital records that inform the population-level New South Wales Admitted Patient Data Collection. METHODS: Coded hospital admission data from two large tertiary hospitals in New South Wales, from 2011 to 2015, were compared with obstetric data, collected by midwives at outpatient pregnancy booking and in hospital after birth, as the reference standard. Records were deterministically linked and sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive values and negative predictive values for the conditions of interest were obtained. RESULTS: There were 36,051 births included in the analysis. Sensitivity was high for gestational diabetes (83.6%, 95% CI 82.4-84.7%), pre-existing diabetes (88.2%, 95% CI 84.1-91.6%), and gestational hypertension (80.1%, 95% CI 78.2-81.9%), moderate for chronic hypertension (53.5%, 95% CI 47.8-59.1%), and low for thyroid conditions (12.9%, 95% CI 11.7-14.2%) and morbid obesity (9.8%, 95% CI 7.6-12.4%). Specificity was high for all conditions (≥97.8%, 95% CI 97.7-98.0) and positive predictive value ranged from 53.2% for chronic hypertension (95% CI 47.5-58.8%) to 92.7% for gestational diabetes (95% CI 91.8-93.5%). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that coded hospital data are a reliable source of information for gestational and pre-existing diabetes and gestational hypertension. Chronic hypertension is less consistently reported, which may be remedied by grouping hypertension types. Data on thyroid conditions and morbid obesity should be used with caution, and if possible, other sources of data for those conditions should be sought.
Three dimensional ultrasound diagnosis of caudal regression syndrome at 14 gestational weeks.; Caudal regression syndrome (CRS) is a rare complex abnormality, characterized by agenesis of the sacrum and lumbar spine, with lower limb neurological deficit and accompanying deformities of the pelvis, lower extremities, genitourinary, gastrointestinal and cardiac systems. Pregnancies complicated by insulin treated diabetes carry higher risk of fetal CRS than non-diabetic pregnancies. Three dimensional (3D) and four dimensional (4D) ultrasound may assist in early detection of CRS. We report a case of CRS diagnosed by 3D and 4D ultrasound examination at 14 weeks of gestation in a diabetic patient.
Post-traumatic Stress Disorder and Antepartum Complications: a Novel Risk Factor for Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Prior work shows that Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) predicts an increased risk of preterm birth, but the causal pathway(s) are uncertain. We evaluate the associations between PTSD and antepartum complications to explore how PTSD's pathophysiology impacts pregnancy. METHODS: This retrospective cohort analysis of all Veterans Health Administration (VA)-covered deliveries from 2000-12 used the data of VA clinical and administration. Mothers with current PTSD were identified using the ICD-9 diagnostic codes (i.e. code present during the antepartum year), as were those with historical PTSD. Medical and administrative data were used to identify the relevant obstetric diagnoses, demographics and health, and military deployment history. We used Poisson regression with robust error variance to derive the adjusted relative risk estimates (RR) for the association of PTSD with five clinically relevant antepartum complications [gestational diabetes (GDM), preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, growth restriction, and abruption]. Secondary outcomes included proxies for obstetric complexity (repeat hospitalisation, prolonged delivery hospitalisation, and caesarean delivery). RESULTS: Of the 15 986 singleton deliveries, 2977 (19%) were in mothers with PTSD diagnoses (1880 (12%) current PTSD). Mothers with the complication GDM were 4.9% and those with preeclampsia were 4.6% of all births. After adjustment, a current PTSD diagnosis (reference = no PTSD) was associated with an increased risk of GDM (RR 1.4, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.2, 1.7) and preeclampsia (RR 1.3, 95% CI 1.1, 1.6). PTSD also predicted prolonged (>4 day) delivery hospitalisation (RR 1.2, 95% CI 1.01, 1.4), and repeat hospitalisations (RR 1.4, 95% CI 1.2, 1.6), but not caesarean delivery. CONCLUSIONS: The observed association of PTSD with GDM and preeclampsia is consistent with our nascent understanding of PTSD as a disruptor of neuroendocrine and cardiovascular health.
Anti-inflammatory Role of Carotenoids in Endothelial Cells Derived from Umbilical Cord of Women Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes is associated with vascular inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, and oxidative stress, promoting the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Several studies showed that a carotenoid-rich diet is associated to a reduced cardiovascular risk in healthy and diabetic subjects, although the mechanisms of action are still unknown. Here, the potential role of β-carotene (BC) and lycopene (Lyc) in human endothelial cells isolated from human umbilical cord vein (HUVECs) of women with gestational diabetes (GD) and respective controls (C) has been investigated. Results showed that BC and Lyc reduced the tumor necrosis factor alpha- (TNF-α-) stimulated monocyte-endothelium interaction (adhesion assay), membrane exposure (flow cytometry), and total expression levels (Western blot) of VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 in both cell types. Moreover, the treatment with BC and Lyc reduced the TNF-α-induced nuclear translocation of NF-κB (image flow cytometry) by preserving bioavailability of nitric oxide (NO, flow cytometry, and cGMP EIA kit assay), a key vasoactive molecule. Notably, BC and Lyc pretreatment significantly reduced peroxynitrite levels (flow cytometry), contributing to the redox balance protection. These results suggest a new mechanism of action of carotenoids which exert vascular protective action in diabetic condition, thus reinforcing the importance of a carotenoid-rich diet in the prevention of diabetes cardiovascular complications.
Vitamin D and pregnancy: An old problem revisited.; Vitamin D has historically been considered to play a role solely in bone and calcium metabolism. Human disease associations and basic physiological studies suggest that vitamin D deficiency is plausibly implicated in adverse health outcomes including mortality, malignancy, cardiovascular disease, immune functioning and glucose metabolism. There is considerable evidence that low maternal levels of 25 hydroxyvitamin D are associated with adverse outcomes for both mother and fetus in pregnancy as well as the neonate and child. Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy has been linked with a number of maternal problems including infertility, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and an increased rate of caesarean section. Likewise, for the child, there is an association with small size, impaired growth and skeletal problems in infancy, neonatal hypocalcaemia and seizures, and an increased risk of HIV transmission. Other childhood disease associations include type 1 diabetes and effects on immune tolerance. The optimal concentration of 25 hydroxyvitamin D is unknown and compounded by difficulties in defining the normal range. Whilst there is suggestive physiological evidence to support a causal role for many of the associations, whether vitamin D deficiency is a marker of poor health or the underlying aetiological problem is unclear. Randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation with an appropriate assessment of a variety of health outcomes are required.
Identification of mtDNA mutation in a pedigree with gestational diabetes, deafness, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and placenta accreta.; Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) defects are associated with a number of human disorders. Although many occur sporadically, maternal transmission is the hallmark of diseases due to mtDNA point mutations. The same mutation may manifest strikingly different phenotypes; for example, the A to G substitution at np 3243 was first reported in patients with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (the MELAS syndrome), but is also found in patients with diabetes and deafness. Here we present a case of gestational diabetes, deafness, premature greying, placenta accreta and Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome associated with a mtDNA mutation. Although this is the first report of such an association, study of 27 other patients with WPW syndrome failed to confirm that this mtDNA mutation is a common cause of such pre-excitation disorders.
Ambulatory arterial stiffness index in type 1 diabetes mellitus: any different during pregnancy?; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the ambulatory arterial stiffness index (AASI) and pulse pressure (PP) during pregnancy and 3 months after delivery in type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and compare it to healthy pregnant controls. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective, descriptive study of 59 women with T1DM and 42 non-diabetic women. Blood pressure was measured using a portable oscillometry monitor and AASI was calculated as 1 minus the regression slope of diastolic on systolic blood pressure obtained from 24-h monitoring. Main outcome measures were comparisons of the AASI and PP between T1DM women and controls examined during pregnancy, and of the AASI and PP during and after pregnancy in T1DM women. RESULTS: PP and AASI were higher at all times during pregnancy in T1DM compared to postpartum (p<0.01). AASI and PP were significantly associated with albumin excretion rate when adjusting for retinopathy, preeclampsia, duration of diabetes, HbA1c, age, and BMI. The AASI was positively correlated with night-day ratio in the 1st and 3rd trimesters during pregnancy. No difference was found in AASI compared with non-diabetic controls during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: AASI and PP increased during diabetic pregnancy and were associated with the women's albuminuria grade.
Impact of pregnancy on complications of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The effects of pregnancy on acute metabolic complications of diabetes may have important consequences for both mother and fetus. The consequences of pregnancy for chronic complications of diabetes, including retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, and hypertension, are not clear. Recent data are reviewed so that health care providers will be able to provide reasonable advice to insulin-dependent diabetic women contemplating pregnancy both for problems that may potentially arise during gestation and those that may affect long-term health and survival. Diabetic ketoacidosis is an uncommon problem that arises during gestation. Acute alterations in pH and electrolyte concentrations as well as hyperglycemia, however, may have important consequences for mother and fetus, including perinatal asphyxia and reduced fetal oxygen delivery. Hypoglycemia, on the other hand, may result in maternal coma or seizures and, when frequent, has been associated with infant respiratory distress syndrome. Background retinopathy often worsens during gestation, with regression common postpartum. Data suggest that progression of background disease is related to both glycemic control and the acute institution of intensive insulin therapy with those patients with poor control requiring more aggressive therapeutic intervention most adversely affected. The course of proliferative retinopathy is more variable, with both progression and regression reported. Preconception photocoagulation may prevent progression. Preconceptional ophthalmologic evaluation with frequent assessments during pregnancy is advised. Increases in 24-hour protein excretion are common during gestation in patients with preexisting renal disease and resolve in many patients postpartum. Serum creatinine and creatinine clearance increase during the first trimester and generally do not change during the remainder of pregnancy.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Association of a Mediterranean Diet Pattern With Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Among US Women.; IMPORTANCE: The Mediterranean diet pattern is inversely associated with the leading causes of morbidity and mortality, including metabolic diseases and cardiovascular disease, but there are limited data on its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) among US women. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception is associated with lower risk of developing any APO and individual APOs. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This prospective, multicenter, cohort study, the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be, enrolled 10 038 women between October 1, 2010, and September 30, 2013, with a final analytic sample of 7798 racially, ethnically, and geographically diverse women with singleton pregnancies who had complete diet data. Data analyses were completed between June 3, 2021, and April 7, 2022. EXPOSURES: An Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) score (range, 0-9; low, 0-3; moderate, 4-5; and high, 6-9) was computed from data on habitual diet in the 3 months around conception, assessed using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Adverse pregnancy outcomes were prospectively ascertained and defined as developing 1 or more of the following: preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, or stillbirth. RESULTS: Of 7798 participants (mean [SD] age, 27.4 [5.5] years), 754 (9.7%) were aged 35 years or older, 816 (10.5%) were non-Hispanic Black, 1294 (16.6%) were Hispanic, and 1522 (19.5%) had obesity at baseline. The mean (SD) aMed score was 4.3 (2.1), and the prevalence of high, moderate, and low concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception was 30.6% (n=2388), 31.2% (n=2430), and 38.2% (n=2980), respectively. In multivariable models, a high vs low aMed score was associated with 21% lower odds of any APO (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.79 [95% CI, 0.68-0.92]), 28% lower odds of preeclampsia or eclampsia (aOR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.55-0.93]), and 37% lower odds of gestational diabetes (aOR, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.44-0.90]). There were no differences by race, ethnicity, and prepregnancy body mass index, but associations were stronger among women aged 35 years or older (aOR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.34-0.84]; P = .02 for interaction). When aMed score quintiles were evaluated, similar associations were observed, with higher scores being inversely associated with the incidence of any APO. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This cohort study suggests that greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern is associated with lower risk of APOs, with evidence of a dose-response association. Intervention studies are needed to assess whether dietary modification around the time of conception can reduce risk of APOs and their downstream associations with future development of cardiovascular disease risk factors and overt disease.
Immunochemical investigations on the problem of the pregnancy zone protein. XII. Serum concentrations of pregnancy-associated alpha-2-glycoprotein in diabetic pregnancy.; The concentration in serum of the pregnancy zone protein (PZ), a high molecular pregnancy-associated alpha 2-glycoprotein, increases during pregnancy, when oral contraceptives are taken and under certain pathological conditions. PZ is probably part of a multifactorial immunological defence system which prevents the premature rejection of the fetus and placenta which together may be regarded as an allograft. Normally, the PZ serum concentration begins to rise during the 6th-12th week of pregnancy and reaches its peak at about the 24th week. The mean values then remain stable and afterwards diminish slightly toward the end of the pregnancy. In contrast, the mean values in mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus continue to rise. Excessively high serum PZ concentrations are significantly more frequent among pregnant diabetic patients, especially where there is also rhesus D antigen incompatibility. No correlation was found between excessively high values and the risk features used for the Priscilla White classification. A few patients with progressive proliferative retinopathy even had unusually low values.
Epigenetics: new concepts of old phenomena in vascular physiology.; The hypothesis of 'Developmental Origins of Health and Disease' (DOHaD) relies on the presence of mechanisms sensing and signalling a diversity of stimuli during fetal development. The mechanisms that have been broadly suggested to be involved in these processes are the epigenetic modifications that could 'record' perinatal stimuli. Since the definition of epigenetic and the associated mechanisms are conflictive, in this review epigenetic was defined as 'chromosome-based mechanisms that can change the phenotypic plasticity in a cell or organism'. The most understood epigenetic mechanisms (i.e. DNA methylation, histone post-translational modifications (PTM), ATP-dependent chromatin modifications and non-coding RNAs) and reported evidence for their role in fetal programming were briefly reviewed. The development of the vascular system is strongly influenced by epigenetic mechanisms. For that reason vascular cells are good candidates to be explored regarding epigenetic programming since its proved susceptibility to be imprinted. This has been described in pregnancy diseases such as intra-uterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, where changes in vascular function are preserved in vitro.
Telemedicine in High-Risk Obstetrics.; Telemedicine involves the use of technology to provide services to patients and share medical information. Telemedicine's use has increased as technology has advanced. It allows for medicine to be practiced from a distance to reach patients in rural or underserved areas. Telemedicine has widespread uses in high-risk obstetrics, including management of diabetes, diagnosis and management of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, screening for fetal malformations with teleultrasound, delivering care to underserved areas, and more. The use of telemedicine to provide care to patients and information to health care providers at a distance has been well accepted by the patients and providers.
Maternal and foetal resistin and adiponectin concentrations in normal and complicated pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate how resistin and adiponectin (ApN) are involved in maternal energy metabolism and foetal growth. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: Resistin and ApN were measured in 30 healthy nonpregnant women, 73 pregnant women [10-41 weeks of gestation; 18 with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), five with pregnancy-induce hypertension (PIH), nine with pre-eclampsia (PE), eight with chronic hypertension (CH) and 33 normal] and 40 foetal samples (20-41 weeks of gestation; 18 from GDM mothers and 22 from normal mothers). RESULTS: Resistin levels were significantly higher in normal pregnant women than in nonpregnant controls (13.7 +/- 2.1 vs. 6.3 +/- 1.6 ng/ml; P < 0.005) and showed a negative correlation with gestational age (P < 0.0001, r = -0.7). Only women with PE presented resistin levels significantly lower than normotensive women of the same gestational age (8.2 +/- 1.2 vs. 17.9 +/- 4.3 ng/ml; P < 0.005). ApN levels, although similar in normal pregnant women to those in nonpregnant controls, were significantly lower in women with GDM (37-41 weeks; 5.2 +/- 0.5 vs. 8.2 +/- 0.8 mg/l; P < 0.0001) and PE (20-37 weeks; 5.0 +/- 0.7 vs. 9.5 +/- 0.7 mg/l; P = 0.008) than those found in normal women matched for gestational age. Resistin was detected in the umbilical venous blood in foetuses from 20 to 41 weeks of gestation. In all newborns, both resistin and ApN levels were significantly higher than those recorded in adult life and did not correlate with maternal levels (P = ns, r = 0.03 for resistin and P = ns, r = -0.3 for ApN). Foetuses from diabetic mothers had ApN significantly lower than normal foetuses (26.8 +/- 2.6 vs. 37.5 +/- 3.5 mg/l; P = 0.02), while resistin levels were similar (17.3 +/- 3.7 vs. 18.2 +/- 1.5 ng/ml; P = ns). CONCLUSION: The secretion pattern of ApN in normal and complicated pregnancies strongly suggests an involvement of ApN in insulin resistance during gestation, while resistin seems to have a minor role. Moreover, the detection of high levels of resistin and ApN in cord blood during gestation is consistent with a regulatory action of these adipokines on tissue differentiation and foetal growth.
A population-based study of 92 clinically recognized risk factors for heart failure: co-occurrence, prognosis and preventive potential.; AIMS: Primary prevention strategies for heart failure (HF) have had limited success, possibly due to a wide range of underlying risk factors (RFs). Systematic evaluations of the prognostic burden and preventive potential across this wide range of risk factors are lacking. We aimed at estimating evidence, prevalence and co-occurrence for primary prevention and impact on prognosis of RFs for incident HF. METHODS AND RESULTS: We systematically reviewed trials and observational evidence of primary HF prevention across 92 putative aetiologic RFs for HF identified from US and European clinical practice guidelines. We identified 170 885 individuals aged ≥30 years with incident HF from 1997 to 2017, using linked primary and secondary care UK electronic health records (EHR) and rule-based phenotypes (ICD-10, Read Version 2, OPCS-4 procedure and medication codes) for each of 92 RFs. Only 10/92 factors had high quality observational evidence for association with incident HF; 7 had effective randomized controlled trial (RCT)-based interventions for HF prevention (RCT-HF), and 6 for cardiovascular disease prevention, but not HF (RCT-CVD), and the remainder had no RCT-based preventive interventions (RCT-0). We were able to map 91/92 risk factors to EHR using 5961 terms, and 88/91 factors were represented by at least one patient. In the 5 years prior to HF diagnosis, 44.3% had ≥4 RFs. By RCT evidence, the most common RCT-HF RFs were hypertension (48.5%), stable angina (34.9%), unstable angina (16.8%), myocardial infarction (15.8%), and diabetes (15.1%); RCT-CVD RFs were smoking (46.4%) and obesity (29.9%); and RCT-0 RFs were atrial arrhythmias (17.2%), cancer (16.5%), heavy alcohol intake (14.9%). Mortality at 1 year varied across all 91 factors (lowest: pregnancy-related hormonal disorder 4.2%; highest: phaeochromocytoma 73.7%). Among new HF cases, 28.5% had no RCT-HF RFs and 38.6% had no RCT-CVD RFs. 15.6% had either no RF or only RCT-0 RFs. CONCLUSION: One in six individuals with HF have no recorded RFs or RFs without trials. We provide a systematic map of primary preventive opportunities across a wide range of RFs for HF, demonstrating a high burden of co-occurrence and the need for trials tackling multiple RFs.
Association of maternal chronic disease with risk of congenital heart disease in offspring.; BACKGROUND: Information about known risk factors for congenital heart disease is scarce. In this population-based study, we aimed to investigate the relation between maternal chronic disease and congenital heart disease in offspring. METHODS: The study cohort consisted of 1 387 650 live births from 2004 to 2010. We identified chronic disease in mothers and mild and severe forms of congenital heart disease in their offspring from Taiwan's National Health Insurance medical claims. We used multivariable logistic regression analysis to assess the associations of all cases and specific types of congenital heart disease with various maternal chronic diseases. RESULTS: For mothers with the following chronic diseases, the overall prevalence of congenital heart disease in their children was significantly higher than for mothers without these diseases: diabetes mellitus type 1 (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 2.32, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.66-3.25), diabetes mellitus type 2 (adjusted OR 2.85, 95% CI 2.60-3.12), hypertension (adjusted OR 1.87, 95% CI 1.69-2.07), congenital heart defects (adjusted OR 3.05, 95% CI 2.45-3.80), anemia (adjusted OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.25-1.38), connective tissue disorders (adjusted OR 1.39, 95% CI 1.19-1.62), epilepsy (adjusted OR 1.37, 95% CI 1.08-1.74) and mood disorders (adjusted OR 1.25, 95% CI 1.11-1.41). The same pattern held for mild forms of congenital heart disease. A higher prevalence of severe congenital heart disease was seen only among offspring of mothers with congenital heart defects or type 2 diabetes. INTERPRETATION: The children of women with several kinds of chronic disease appear to be at risk for congenital heart disease. Preconception counselling and optimum treatment of pregnant women with chronic disease would seem prudent.
Comparison in the performance of glucose meters in blood glucose monitoring during pregnancy.; AIMS: To compare the performance of the four latest models of glucose meters in capillary blood glucose monitoring during pregnancy. METHODS: 208 pregnant women with gestational diabetes were recruited. Each subject had simultaneous capillary glucose monitoring by two study glucose meters and venous plasma glucose assay. The performance of four glucose meters was compared using error grid analysis (EGA) and the agreement between the meter readings and plasma glucose by Bland-Altman plot analysis. RESULTS: Elite, Advantage II and CareSens had more than 90% of readings in the acceptable target range of EGA. CareSens had the lowest mean bias by Bland-Altman analysis while Advantage II had the highest proportion of readings within 5% difference from plasma glucose. Readings from all glucose meters except Optium were not influenced by the change in maternal hematocrit levels. CONCLUSIONS: The performance of four study glucose meters appeared very similar.
The transverse cerebellar diameter in estimating gestational age in the large for gestational age fetus.; The transverse cerebellar diameter was measured in 62 nondiabetic and 30 diabetic women with large for gestational age fetuses. Using reference curves from 675 women with normal gestations between 14-42 weeks, head circumference and abdominal circumference overestimated gestational age significantly in both study groups, whereas the transverse cerebellar diameter did not.
In Utero Exposure to Maternal Hyperglycemia Increases Childhood Cardiometabolic Risk in Offspring.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy on cardiometabolic risk in offspring during early childhood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 970 mothers who had joined the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study were reevaluated, together with their child born during the study period, 7 years after delivery. RESULTS: Offspring born to mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), as defined by the World Health Organization 2013 GDM criteria, had higher rates of abnormal glucose tolerance (4.7% vs. 1.7%; P = 0.04), higher rates of overweight or obesity, greater BMI, higher blood pressure (BP), lower oral disposition index, and a trend toward reduced β-cell function compared with those born to mothers without GDM. For each SD increase in maternal fasting, 1-h, and 2-h glucose levels on oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) between 24 and 32 weeks of the index pregnancy, the risk of abnormal glucose tolerance in the offspring showed a corresponding increase (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.85-2.00). The associations were independent of BMI before pregnancy, childhood obesity, or being born large for gestational age. The area under the curve for glucose levels during the five-point OGTT increased to a similar extent in boys and girls with each SD increase in maternal 1-h and 2-h plasma glucose on OGTTs during pregnancy. All three maternal glucose levels were also associated with increased adjusted ORs for childhood overweight or obesity and adiposity among girls, but not boys. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy is independently associated with offsprings' risk of abnormal glucose tolerance, obesity, and higher BP at 7 years of age. Its effect on childhood adiposity was apparent only in girls, not boys.
Intrauterine programming of coronary heart disease and stroke.; We have become accustomed to the idea that the major disorders of adult life, including coronary heart disease, stroke and diabetes, arise from an interaction between influences in our adult lifestyle and a genetically determined susceptibility. Recent research, however, suggests that growth in utero may also play an important role.
Prepregnancy overweight and gestational diabetes as determinants of subsequent diabetes and hypertension after 20-year follow-up.; CONTEXT: Overweight is a strong risk factor for gestational diabetes (GDM), and both states indicate increased risk for subsequent metabolic syndrome. Data separating effects of overweight and GDM on risk for metabolic diseases are limited. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to evaluate prepregnancy overweight and GDM as determinants of risk for subsequent diabetes and hypertension. DESIGN: Population-based data from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 were compounded with register-based data on diagnosis of diabetes and hypertension. SETTING: The study was conducted in Northern Finland. PARTICIPANTS: We studied: 1) normal-weight women with GDM (n = 70); 2) overweight women with GDM (n = 54); 3) normal-weight (n = 768) and 4) overweight (n = 250) women with risk factors for GDM but normal oral glucose tolerance test results; and 5) women with no risk factors for GDM (n = 5341). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured cumulative incidence of diabetes and hypertension, hazard ratio (HR), and population-attributable fraction (PAF) for determinants of risk. RESULTS: The cumulative incidence of diagnosed diabetes and hypertension in the whole study population was 1.3 and 7.5%, respectively. Concomitant overweight and GDM indicated high risks for diabetes (HR, 47.24; PAF, 15.8%) and hypertension (HR, 9.16; PAF, 4.4%). Even when the OGTT in pregnancy was normal, prepregnancy overweight associated with risks for diabetes (HR, 12.63; PAF, 22.2%) and hypertension (HR, 2.86; PAF, 6.0%). In normal-weight women, GDM indicated risk for diabetes (HR, 10.61; PAF, 5.2%) but not for hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Prepregnancy overweight is an essential risk factor for subsequent diabetes and hypertension, especially when combined with GDM.
Rationale and design of a type 2 diabetes prevention intervention for at-risk mothers and children at a Federally Qualified Healthcare Center: EPIC El Rio Families Study Protocol.; BACKGROUND: Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in mothers, and poor cardiovascular health among offspring. Identifying effective methods to mitigate T2DM risk has the potential to improve health outcomes for mothers with a history of GDM and their children. The goal of the EPIC El Rio Families Study is to implement and evaluate the effects of a 13-week behavioral lifestyle intervention on T2DM risk factors in at-risk mothers and their 8- to 12-year-old children. We describe herein the rationale for our specific approach, the adaption of the DPP-based curriculum for delivery to patients of a Federally Qualified Health Center (FQHC), and the study design and methodology. METHODS: The effects of the intervention on reduction in excess body weight (primary outcome), hemoglobin A1c, blood pressure, and changes in lifestyle behaviors associated with weight trajectory and T2DM risk in mother-child dyads will be evaluated during a 13-week, group randomized trial wherein 60 mothers and their children will be recruited to the intervention or wait-listed control conditions at one of two FQHC locations. Intervention participants (n = 30) will begin the group program immediately, whereas the wait-listed controls (n = 30) will receive a booklet describing self-guided strategies for behavior change. Associated program delivery costs, acceptability of the program to participants and FQHC staff, and potential for long-term sustainability will also be evaluated. DISCUSSION: Successful completion in our aims will produce a scalable program with high potential for replication and dissemination, and estimated intervention effects to inform T2DM prevention efforts on families who use the FQHC system. The results from this study will be critical in developing a T2DM prevention model that can be implemented and scaled across FQHCs serving populations disproportionately burdened by T2DM. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03781102 ; Date of registration: 19 December 2018.
Urinary estriols: are they of value in normoglycemic diabetic pregnancy?; The purpose of the study was to assess the value of 24-h urinary estriols in the management of diabetic pregnancies. Twenty-seven pregnant diabetic patients (White's class B through R) received insulin dosages twice daily as a combination of NPH and regular insulin. Laboratory and home monitored blood glucose was maintained within the range of 70-150 mg/dl. From 32 wk onward daily 24-h urinary estriols, weekly fetal heart rate monitoring, and, when indicated, amniotic fluid lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio were used to evaluate fetal well-being. Fetal heart rate and amniotic fluid testing were of value while urinary estriols failed to be useful in management or timing of delivery. We conclude that when third-trimester normoglycemia is maintained in pregnant diabetic patients, one obviates the need for the costly and odious task of daily urine estriol measurements.
A meta-analysis of pregnancy-related outcomes and complications in women with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing IVF.; This meta-analysis aimed to study whether pregnancy-related outcomes and complications differed between patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and those with other causes of infertility who had undergone IVF. A systematic search of PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library and Chinese databases was carried out to identify relevant studies published before July 2018. Outcomes were expressed as odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Subgroup analyses and sensitivity analyses were also conducted. Twenty-nine studies were identified for inclusion. Women with PCOS had higher risks of miscarriage (OR 1.41, 95% CI 1.04-1.91), ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OR 4.96, 95% CI 3.73-6.60), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 2.67, 95% CI 1.43-4.98), pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR 2.06, 95% CI 1.45-2.91), preterm birth (OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.25-2.04) and large-for-gestational-age babies (OR 2.10, 95% CI 1.01-4.37). Women with PCOS showed similar rates of clinical pregnancy, multiple pregnancy, ectopic pregnancy, small for gestational age and congenital malformations, and a higher live birth rate, compared with women without PCOS. This study provides an update on and comprehensive evidence to support the observation that despite the fact that PCOS patients achieve a better live birth rate, physicians should continue to consider them to be at high risk of adverse pregnancy-related outcomes.
Hormonal, metabolic, and circulatory responses to insulin-induced hypoglycemia in pregnant and nonpregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes.; Strict blood glucose control of pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes is associated with increased risk of hypoglycemia. The hormonal and circulatory responses to an acute episode of insulin-induced hypoglycemia were studied in eight pregestational and one gestational diabetic women during the last trimester of pregnancy and 8 to 12 weeks postpartum. Following an overnight fast, insulin was injected intravenously (0.1 to 0.2 IU insulin/kg). Blood samples were taken at -15, 0, 15, 30, 40, 60, 90, and 120 minutes for analyses of metabolites (glucose, nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA), glycerol, 3-hydroxybutyrate) and counterregulatory hormones (epinephrine, norepinephrine, glucagon, and cortisol). Placental scintigraphy (indium-113m) was performed in five pregnant patients before and during hypoglycemia. Both during pregnancy and postpartum, blood glucose decreased to the same low level (3.2 mmol/L) concomitantly with significant decreases in NEFA, glycerol, and 3-hydroxybutyrate. Epinephrine and norepinephrine showed significant and similar increases on both occasions in relation to hypoglycemia, although there was no response in glucagon and cortisol concentrations. Maternal heart rate was significantly higher in the pregnant compared with the nonpregnant state and increased significantly in both groups in response to hypoglycemia. Placental blood flow showed no consistent changes and was unrelated to the glucose and catecholamine responses. Fetal heart rate remained unchanged. Thus, it seems as if hormonal and circulatory responses to acute hypoglycemia are not altered in diabetic women during pregnancy.
Nutritional Implications of Bariatric Surgery on Pregnancy Management-A Narrative Review of the Literature.; One in three women of reproductive age is obese. The mainstay treatment for obesity is bariatric surgery, and the following weight reduction results in a decrease in pregnancy adverse effects, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and macrosomia. However, nutritional and vitamin deficiencies due to changes in the gastrointestinal tract after bariatric surgery are associated with an increase in the risk of fetal growth retardation and small for gestational-age neonates. The purpose of this review was to analyze the available recent literature on the subject of the management of pregnancy after bariatric surgery. We searched for available articles from 2007 to 2023 and chose articles of the greatest scientific and clinical value. Micronutrient, vitamin, and protein supplementation is recommended in the prenatal period and throughout the pregnancy. It is advised that pregnant women with a history of bariatric surgery should be provided with regular specialist dietary care. There is still a lack of recommendations about the optimum gestational weight gain after different types of bariatric surgery and for patients of different metabolic statuses. Women of reproductive age undergoing bariatric procedures should be provided with appropriate counseling about adequate contraception, the recommended time-to-conception interval, and the positive and negative influence of bariatric surgery on perinatal outcomes.
Peripheral retinal ablation in the treatment of proliferative diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.; The course of proliferative diabetic retinopathy involving the optic disc was followed, and the response to peripheral retinal photocoagulation monitored by argon laser in 11 patients during and after 13 pregnancies. Traditional obstetric practice assumes that pregnancy is a stimulus to irreversible progression of proliferative diabetic retinopathy, and that timely abortion and sterilisation are essential in order to achieve control of the neovascular process. Extensive photocoagulation will cause significant regression of neovascular complexes in 63% of cases, and it confers sufficient benefits to make ophthalmic indications for therapeutic abortion and sterilisation no longer tenable.
Myocardial infarction and coronary artery dissection in pregnancy.; Myocardial infarction associated with pregnancy is a relatively rare event, usually related to maternal risk factors for ischemic heart disease such as hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Coronary artery dissection represents an even more uncommon event and generally occurs in peripartum women without predisposing risk factors. A 31-year-old patient's postpartum course was complicated by the development of probable acute fatty liver of pregnancy followed by myocardial infarction and coronary artery dissection. The acute fatty liver of pregnancy and the cardiac event in our patient may both be vasospastic events related to vascular hypersensitivity.
Does prenatal identification of fetal macrosomia change management and outcome?; PURPOSE: To assess whether there is an association between predicted fetal macrosomia and adverse outcomes in macrosomic newborns (> 4000 g), based on a sonographic evaluation up to 2 weeks prior to delivery. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of 3098 mothers of macrosomic babies who were delivered at our institution (2000-2015). We compared the management and outcomes of women with predicted fetal macrosomia with that of women with unknown fetal macrosomia. The primary outcomes were cesarean section (CS) rate and postpartum hemorrhage. Secondary outcomes were composite maternal and neonatal outcomes and birth injuries. RESULTS: In 601 (19.4%) women fetal macrosomia was predicted, and in 2497 (80.6%) women, fetal macrosomia was unknown. CS rate was more than 3.5 times higher in the group of predicted macrosomia (47.2% vs. 12.7%, P < 0.001) than those with unpredicted macrosomia; not only due to non-progressive labor, but for non-reassuring heart rate as well. However, predicted fetal macrosomia reduced the risk of postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 0.5, 95% CI 0.2-1.0), maternal (aOR 0.3, 95% CI 0.2-0.5) and neonatal composite adverse outcomes (aOR 0.7 95% CI 0.6-0.9). It was also associated with increased risk for induction of labor, episiotomy, 3rd- or 4th-degree tears and a longer maternal hospitalization. Birth injuries and shoulder dystocia were not different between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Antepartum CS was found to be associated with predicted fetal macrosomia. Moreover, a planned CS due to macrosomia was associated with reduced risk for postpartum hemorrhage, maternal and neonatal outcome, even for babies with a mean birth weight < 4500 g.
Does gestational diabetes represent an obstetrical risk factor?; In order to assess the clinical consequences of gestational diabetes in the index pregnancy, a group of patients with positive oral glucose challenge test and their matched controls have been closely followed up. No differences in perinatal outcome have been pointed out, except for the higher rate (p < 0.01) among diabetic patients of preterm delivery and pregnancy-induced hypertension. The prevalence of the latter has shown no relationship to maternal obesity. In view of these data, the future risk of cardiovascular disease of this cohort of patients needs to be assessed with a follow-up study.
Constancy of serum angiotensin-converting enzyme activity in normal and complicated pregnancy.; Angiotensin-converting enzyme occupies a central position in the dynamics of the renin-angiotensin system. We prospectively studied serum angiotensin-converting enzyme activity in 112 women at various stages of pregnancy and in the postpartum period because converting enzyme levels have not been well documented in pregnant women with medical disorders which might be expected to influence intravascular volume or blood pressure. Enzyme activity is lower during pregnancy than it is in the same population at 6 weeks postpartum. Levels of serum angiotensin converting enzyme activity remain relatively stable during gestation but drop during the immediate postpartum period. Diabetes, chronic hypertension, and pregnancy induced hypertension fo not markedly change serum angiotensin converting enzyme activity.
Clinical management of patients with cystic fibrosis and pulmonary insufficiency.; Management of a patient with cystic fibrosis who started her pregnancy in a state of pulmonary insufficiency, as defined by arterial blood gas values and a chest x-ray film, is described. A systematic approach to evaluation of patients with cystic fibrosis, including serial assessments of pulmonary functions, screening for diabetes, maintenance of adequate nutrition (including hyperalimentation), and cardiac function evaluation is described.
Acardiac acephalic monster extremely larger than its co-twin. A case report.; The acardiac monster represents a rare but one of the severest congenital anomalies which occur only in multiple pregnancy. The affected fetus is sustained by a parasitic anastomosis to the umbilical blood vessels of the normal fetus. We report an interesting case of a macrosomic acardiac acephalic fetus weighing 4.5-fold of another variable donor fetus (approximately 6 kg) in a twin pregnancy.
Transient hypertrophic subaortic stenosis in infants of diabetic mothers.; Three newborn infants with congestive heart failure had hemodynamic, angiographic, and echocardiographic features of hypertrophic subaortic stenosis (hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy). Treatment with digitalis and diuretic drugs was ineffective, but improvement occurred when these agents were withheld in one patient, and when treatment with propranolol was begun in two patients. Echocardiography was helpful in establishing the diagnosis in two patients and showed resolution of the condition during the first six months of life. Serial cardiac catheterizations confirmed resolution of the outflow obstruction in the third patient. Family studies revealed no evidence of familial cardiomyopathy, but the mothers of two infants had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and the mother of the third was presumed to be prediabetic.
[The course of pregnancy and delivery and the state of the newborns after genetic amniocentesis].; OBJECTIVES: The risk of fetal loss after amniocentesis is 0.2-1%. The aim of the study was to compare the course of pregnancy and delivery and the state of the newborn in patients after genetic amniocentesis and in the control group. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 783 patients who underwent amniocentesis at the Department of Obstetrics of Medical University of Gdansk in 1996-2003 and 221 women who did not undergo amniocentesis. RESULTS: Fetal loss occurred in 8 pregnancies (3.8%) after amniocentesis and in 12 (5.4%) p=0.37 in the control group. There was no significant statistical difference between the amniocentesis group and the control group comparing complications during pregnancy such as gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension, urinary tract infections. Cesarean section was more often performed in the amniocentesis group than in the control group, statistical difference p=0.003. Most often (28.09%) there was an elective cesarean section because of advanced maternal age without any obstetrician cause. The frequency of pneumonia, respiratory infections and congenital malformations in the first weeks of life was more frequent in the amniocetesis group. CONCLUSIONS: Invasive prenatal diagnosis has no influence of the frequency of complications during pregnancy and delivery.
[Pontine myelinolysis after a hypoglycemic episode].; A case of central pontine myelinolysis following hypoglycemia is reported. The case was a 26- year-old female. Diabetes mellitus was found when she was 8 years old and she has hypertension and renal failure. She suffered a severe hypoglycemia at an unknown time. After the episode she developed a vegetative state. A magnetic resonance scan showed features consistent with the presence of central pontine myelinolysis.
Objective Bayesian meta-analysis for sparse discrete data.; This paper presents a Bayesian model for meta-analysis of sparse discrete binomial data, which are out of the scope of the usual hierarchical normal random-effect models. Treatment effectiveness data are often of this type. The crucial linking distribution between the effectiveness conditional on the healthcare center and the unconditional effectiveness is constructed from specific bivariate classes of distributions with given marginals. This assures coherency between the marginal and conditional prior distributions utilized in the analysis. Further, we impose a bivariate class of priors that is able to accommodate a wide range of heterogeneity degrees between the multicenter clinical trials involved. Applications to real multicenter data are given and compared with previous meta-analysis.
Association of Antenatal Diet and Physical Activity-Based Interventions With Gestational Weight Gain and Pregnancy Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) is common and associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Antenatal lifestyle interventions limit GWG; yet benefits of different intervention types and specific maternal and neonatal outcomes are unclear. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of different types of diet and physical activity-based antenatal lifestyle interventions with GWG and maternal and neonatal outcomes. DATA SOURCES: A 2-stage systematic literature search of MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Health Technology Assessment Database was conducted from February 1, 2017, to May 31, 2020. Search results from the present study were integrated with those from a previous systematic review from 1990 to February 2017. STUDY SELECTION: Randomized trials reporting GWG and maternal and neonatal outcomes. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Data were extracted for random-effects meta-analyses to calculate the summary effect estimates and 95% CIs. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Outcomes were clinically prioritized, with mean GWG as the primary outcome. Secondary outcomes included gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, cesarean section, preterm delivery, large or small for gestational age neonates, neonatal intensive care unit admission, or fetal death. RESULTS: A total of 117 randomized clinical trials of antenatal lifestyle interventions (involving 34 546 women) were included. Overall lifestyle intervention was associated with reduced GWG (-1.15 kg; 95% CI, -1.40 to -0.91), risk of gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 0.79; 95% CI, 0.70-0.89), and total adverse maternal outcomes (OR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.84-0.94) vs routine care. Compared with routine care, diet was associated with less GWG (-2.63 kg; 95% CI, -3.87 to -1.40) than physical activity (-1.04 kg; 95% CI, -1.33 to -0.74) or mixed interventions (eg, unstructured lifestyle support, written information with weight monitoring, or behavioral support alone) (-0.74 kg; 95% CI, -1.06 to -0.43). Diet was associated with reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.45-0.82), preterm delivery (OR, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.22-0.84), large for gestational age neonate (OR, 0.19; 95% CI, 0.08-0.47), neonatal intensive care admission (OR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.48-0.95), and total adverse maternal (OR, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.61-0.92) and neonatal outcomes (OR, 0.44; 95% CI, 0.26-0.72). Physical activity was associated with reduced GWG and reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR, 0.60; 95% CI, 0.47-0.75), hypertensive disorders (OR, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.48-0.90), cesarean section (OR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.75-0.95), and total adverse maternal outcomes (OR, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.71-0.86). Diet with physical activity was associated with reduced GWG (-1.35 kg; 95% CI, -1.95 to -0.75) and reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.54-0.96) and total adverse maternal outcomes (OR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.69-0.95). Mixed interventions were associated with reduced GWG only. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This systematic review and meta-analysis found level 1 evidence that antenatal structured diet and physical activity-based lifestyle interventions were associated with reduced GWG and lower risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The findings support the implementation of such interventions in routine antenatal care and policy around the world.
Association between maternal gestational diabetes and allergic diseases in offspring: a birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have linked gestational diabetes (GDM) with allergies in offspring. However, the effect of specific glucose metabolism metrics was not well characterized, and the role of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), a modifier of metabolism and the immune system, was understudied. We aimed to investigate the association between maternal GDM and allergic diseases in children and the interaction between glucose metabolism and PUFAs on allergic outcomes. METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 706 mother-child dyads from Guangzhou, China. Maternal GDM was diagnosed via a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and dietary PUFAs were assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Allergic disease diagnoses and the age of onset were obtained from medical records of children within three years old. RESULTS: Approximately 19.4% of women had GDM, and 51.3% of children had any allergic diseases. GDM was positively associated with any allergic diseases (hazard ratio [HR] 1.40; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05-1.88) and eczema (HR 1.44; 95% CI 1.02-1.97). A unit increase in OGTT after two hours (OGTT-2 h) glucose was associated with an 11% (95% CI 2%-21%) higher risk of any allergic diseases and a 17% (95% CI 1-36%) higher risk of food allergy. The positive associations between OGTT-2 h glucose and any allergic diseases were strengthened with decreased dietary a-linolenic acid (ALA) and increased n-6 PUFAs, linoleic acid (LA), LA/ALA ratio, and n-6/n-3 PUFA ratio. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal GDM was adversely associated with early-life allergic diseases, especially eczema. We were the first to identify OGTT-2 h glucose to be more sensitive in inducing allergy risk and that dietary PUFAs might modify the associations.
[Retinopathy and perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancy].; Sixty patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) antedated pregnancy were enrolled; seven had proliferative retinopathy, 13 had simple retinopathy, and 40 were intact. Diet and/or insulin was prescribed to adjust their glucose control at fasting to < 100 mg/dl, as well as at 2 hours postprandial to < 120 mg/dl. Glycohemoglobin (Hemoglobin A1c) levels ranged between 5.4% and 6.4% in the third trimester in three groups. Incidences of pregnancy complications (toxemia, hydramnios, urinary tract infection and cesarean section) and neonatal complications (low Apgar score, hypoglycemia, jaundice, polycythemia, respiratory distress syndrome and anomaly) did not differ significantly with the grade of retinopathy. Compared with the intact group, the duration of DM was significantly longer in the retinopathy groups and the incidence of fetal distress was significantly higher in the proliferative retinopathy group. In ten of 60 patients (16.7%) the grade of retinopathy progressed during pregnancy. In four patients photocoagulation was performed for neovascularization, and proved to be effective. There was a tendency for those whose retinopathy progressed to the proliferative stage during pregnancy to have larger decreases in glycohemoglobin and for their retinopathy to worsen after delivery. With tight maternal glucose control and intensive fetal surveillance, we obtained good perinatal outcome in pregnancies with diabetic retinopathy, as compared to diabetic pregnancy without diabetic microangiopathy. Careful and frequent monitoring of retinal changes should be required during pregnancy and the postpartum period.
Oral contraceptive hypertension and thromboembolism.; Oral contraceptives (OCs) are a highly effective and widely accepted means of avoiding pregnancy, but they also worsen the major atherogenic cardiovascular risk factors to some degree in all women. Some OC users may suffer severe hypertensive episodes or massive hypertriglyceridemia with pancreatitis. Mild or severe adverse effects could eventually have serious consequences beyond the childbearing years. OC use would appear imprudent for women with a history of hypertension, gestational hypertension and a family history of hypertension. Special care is needed with blacks, diabetics and women with renal disease. OCs may also affect blood clotting, fibrinolysis and platelet adhesiveness. Also, histochemical and anatomical changes in blood vessels have been noted. Both may precipitate thromboembolic events while the OC user is still at the childbearing age and may also contribute to accelerated atherogenesis in subsequent years. There is a need for more specific guidelines for monitoring women on OCs for a worsening of their cardiovascular risk profile and changes in blood coagulation. Indications and contraindications for OC use in relation to the hazard of thromboembolic sequelae need to be more explicitly defined.
[Characteristics of peripheral rheograms following thermal provocation in normal and pathologic pregnancy].; Using the impedance plethysmographic method of rheography it is possible to ascertain the tone of the peripheral resistance vessels directly by simple means. Previous studies have shown that there is a close relationship between peripheral vasodilatation at rest and normal course of pregnancy. In the present study, rheographic changes were studied in patients with normal pregnancy (n = 27, Group 1), diabetes mellitus (n = 18, Group 2), "pregnancy-induced hypertension" (n = 10, Group 3), and chronic placental insufficiency (n = 16, Group 4) during and following a low-temperature stimulus. After exposure to icy water, the Group 1 subjects showed a 40% reduction in rheographic amplitude, Groups 2 and 3 a 25% reduction, while Group 4 patients showed no signs of vasoconstriction going beyond the resting state (p less than 0.001). The four groups also differed considerably as regards vessel wall behavior in the recovery phase. The study confirms that the amplitude of the peripheral rheogram is a good indicator for detecting high-risk pregnancies. The amplitude pattern under thermal stimulation also provides further information on the dynamic behavior of the resistance vessels in normal and pathologic pregnancies.
Polyhydramnios and perinatal outcome.; Of 2081 high-risk pregnancy patients who underwent antepartum fetal surveillance tests, 72 (3.5%) patients demonstrated evidence of polyhydramnios using the amniotic fluid index to assess the amniotic fluid volume. In these patients, an increased incidence of fetal macrosomia, premature births, non-reactive nonstress tests, perinatal morbidity, and fetal anomalies was observed. These data suggest that if polyhydramnios is encountered during an ultrasound evaluation, consideration should be given to the possibility of latent or uncontrolled diabetes mellitus or fetal macrosomia or anomaly; fetal surveillance and genetic evaluation also should be considered.
Early determinants of type-2 diabetes.; The global prevalence of type-2 diabetes (T2D) has more than doubled in the last 30 years and is predicted to continue to rise at an alarming rate. The associated health and financial burdens are considerable. The aetiology of common forms of T2D is multifactorial and involves a complex interplay between genetic, epigenetic and environmental factors. The influential role of the environment, in particular our diet and sedentary lifestyles, in diabetes risk is well established. Of major concern is the increasing prevalence of early onset T2D or pre-diabetic characteristics in children. In recent years, the role of the early life environment in programming diabetes risk has been the focus of numerous human and animal studies. Historical studies highlighted an association between low birthweight, a proxy for suboptimal in utero growth, and diabetes risk in adulthood. Over more recent years it has become apparent that a variety of expositions, including maternal obesity and/or maternal diabetes, can have a significant effect on offspring health outcomes. Further complicating matters, paternal and transgenerational transmission of T2D can occur thus mediating a perpetuating cycle of disease risk between generations. It is imperative for the underlying mechanisms to be elucidated so that interventions can be introduced. In doing so, it may be possible to prevent, delay or reverse a pre-programmed risk for T2D induced by pre- and/or postnatal environmental factors to improve health outcomes and curb premature metabolic decline. This review presents evidence for how the early life environment may programme T2D risk and suggests some mechanisms by which this may occur.
[Effect of induced diabetes on reproduction and development].; Diabetes mellitus is a major cause of morbidity and mortality and it has been studied in relation to the organs that affects, and the reproduction system is not the exception. Scientists had developed experimental animal models to investigate the effects of diabetes using different substances being streptozotocin (STZ) the most effective. STZ is natural compound produced by the Streptomyces achromogenes that selectively destroys the beta cells of the pancreas breaking the DNA. It has been proved that equilibrated solutions of STZ stored at 6 degrees C, are very effective in inducing diabetes to several animal species such as rat, mouse and hamster. In rats, the disorders in reproduction have been associated to dysfunctions in the hipotalamohipofisis-gonadal axis, given by a reduction in the secretion of GnRH, as well as of LH, FSH, prolactin and alterations in the gonadal secretion of steroids (testosterone, estrogens, progesterone). Due to this situation, male production of spermatozoids as well as its' motility is impair. In females, the principal effects are ovaric atrophy, impaired folliculogenesis, insufficiency of the corpora lutea, and problems associated with the maintenance of pregnancy. Many researchers had associated the prevalens of congenital malformation with a hiperglucemic state, being the most common retardation of the development, defects in the closure of the neural tube, micrognatias, heart malformations, etc.
A community-based intervention to improve screening, referral and follow-up of non-communicable diseases and anaemia amongst pregnant and postpartum women in rural India: study protocol for a cluster randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Medical complications during pregnancy, including anaemia, gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy place women are at higher risk of long-term complications. Scalable and low-cost strategies to integrate non-communicable disease screening into pregnancy care are needed. We aim to determine the effectiveness and implementation components of a community-based, digitally enabled approach, "SMARThealth Pregnancy," to improve health during pregnancy and the first year after birth. METHODS: A pragmatic, parallel-group, cluster randomised, type 2 hybrid effectiveness-implementation trial of a community-based, complex intervention in rural India to decrease anaemia (primary outcome, defined as haemoglobin < 12g/dL) and increase testing for haemoglobin, glucose and blood pressure (secondary outcomes) in the first year after birth. Primary Health Centres (PHCs) are the unit of randomisation. PHCs are eligible with (1) > 1 medical officer and > 2 community health workers; and (2) capability to administer intravenous iron sucrose. Thirty PHCs in Telangana and Haryana will be randomised 1:1 using a matched-pair design accounting for cluster size and distance from the regional centre. The intervention comprises (i) an education programme for community health workers and PHC doctors; (ii) the SMARThealth Pregnancy app for health workers to support community-based screening, referral and follow-up of high-risk cases; (iii) a dashboard for PHC doctors to monitor high-risk women in the community; (iv) supply chain monitoring for consumables and medications and (v) stakeholder engagement to co-develop implementation and sustainability pathways. The comparator is usual care with additional health worker education. Secondary outcomes include implementation outcomes assessed by the RE-AIM framework (reach, effectiveness, adoption, implementation, maintenance), clinical endpoints (anaemia, diabetes, hypertension), clinical service delivery indicators (quality of care score), mental health and lactation practice (PHQ9, GAD7, EuroQoL-5D, WHO IYCF questionnaire). DISCUSSION: Engaging women with screening after a high-risk pregnancy is a challenge and has been highlighted as a missed opportunity for the prevention of non-communicable diseases. The SMARThealth Pregnancy trial is powered for the primary outcome and will address gaps in the evidence around how pregnancy can be used as an opportunity to improve women's lifelong health. If successful, this approach could improve the health of women living in resource-limited settings around the world. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05752955. Date of registration 3 March 2023.
[Diabetic papillopathy and pregnancy. Clinical contribution and pathogenetic considerations].; Bilateral mild diabetic retinopathy and disc swelling occurred in a young woman with type I diabetes during the second month of pregnancy. The disc edema showed the typical pattern of diabetic papillopathy (D.P.). This is a recently discovered syndrome of juvenile diabetics characterized by transient bilateral edema of the optic disc with minimal functional impairment. The features of D.P. and two different pathogenetical hypotheses, ischemic and dysmetabolic, expressed by other authors, are listed in detail. The case described showed a particular evolution, with bilateral prepapillary transitory neovascularization followed by scant glial reaction. Moreover pattern VEPs analysis showed a clearly increased latency. These findings suggest that both dysmetabolic (VEPs increased latency) and and ischemic (neovascularization) stimuli are responsible for D.P., even if differences with typical ischemic optic neuropathy are evident.
Plasma levels of endothelin-1 in diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; PURPOSE: Raised circulating levels of the potent vasoconstrictor endothelin-1 (ET-1) have been demonstrated in diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Pregnant women with diabetic retinopathy are known to be at a higher risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension than those without retinopathy. To examine the association between ET-1, pregnancy, diabetes and diabetic retinopathy, circulating ET-1 levels were measured in each trimester in a cohort of women with and without diabetes during pregnancy. METHODS: A cohort of women with diabetes (n = 13) and normal controls (n = 8) were followed throughout pregnancy. Detailed clinical and fundoscopic examinations were carried out according to ETDRS protocols. Plasma ET-1 levels were measured in each trimester using a sensitive radioimmunoassay. Those with diabetes were further divided into those with retinopathy (n = 7) and those without (n = 6). RESULTS: Plasma levels of ET-1 increased progressively during normal pregnancy and peaked in the third trimester. Women with diabetes had significantly higher levels of plasma ET-1 (14.0 vs 4.6 pg/ml in the first trimester, 14.0 vs 4.8 pg/ml in the second trimester and 15.8 vs 7.2 pg/ml in the third trimester) compared with those without diabetes. These were no significant differences in plasma ET-1 levels between women with diabetes who had pre-existing diabetic retinopathy and those without. CONCLUSION: This study has shown that ET-1 levels rise during normal pregnancy, and are higher in women with diabetes, which may reflect pre-existing endothelial damage. Although no association could be demonstrated between diabetic retinopathy and serum ET-1 levels, this may reflect the small sample size in this study.
The fetal heart insulin receptor responds differently to varying plasma insulin concentrations.; We investigated in vivo the effect of varying plasma concentrations of insulin on the 28- and 30-day-old fetal rabbit heart insulin receptors using plasma membranes. Alloxan induced maternal diabetes (n = 5) associated with fetal hyperglycemia and mild hyperinsulinemia (59.80 +/- 8.10 microU/ml versus a control of 26.25 +/- 3.70, p less than 0.01) increased the insulin receptor number from a control (30 d) of 168 +/- 1.01 to 320 +/- 34 X 10(10)/mg protein (p less than 0.01). Fetal administration of 1.0 U of insulin (n = 4) resulting in normoglycemia and moderately high plasma insulin concentrations (103.3 +/- 34.63 microU/ml versus a control of 13.72 +/- 1.60, p less than 0.05) did not alter the insulin receptor number (28 d). On the other hand fetal administration of 2.0 U of insulin (n = 4) resulting in hypoglycemia and severely high plasma insulin concentrations (288.3 +/- 51 microU/ml versus a control of 13.72 +/- 1.60, p less than 0.01) decreased the insulin receptor number from a control (28 d) of 200 +/- 23 to 82 +/- 23 X 10(10)/mg protein (p less than 0.01). The receptor affinity remained constant. We conclude that the downregulation (decrease) of the fetal heart insulin receptors in vivo is not a physiologic but a pharmacologic effect of insulin.
Adverse maternal outcomes in multifetal pregnancies.; In this retrospective cohort of 165,188 singleton pregnancies and 44,674 multiple-fetal pregnancies in Canada from 1984 to 2000, we compared the incidence of maternal complications. Multiple gestation pregnancies were associated with significant increases in cardiac morbidity, haematologic morbidity, amniotic fluid embolus, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, postpartum haemorrhage, prolonged hospital stay, the need for obstetric intervention, hysterectomy and blood transfusion. Multiple gestation pregnancies are associated with an increased risk of morbidity for the mother. This should be taken into consideration in antenatal care of these women.
[Sleep apnea in pregnancy].; Snoring, chronic rhinitis and fragmentation of sleep are common symptoms in pregnancy, especially in the third trimester. The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea is also increased in pregnant women and can be associated with pregnancy induced hypertension, preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus. The fetus is as well exposed to a higher risk of prematurity and intra-uterine growth restriction. Given the lack of adequate screening tool, the diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea is a challenge for the physician and a high degree of clinical suspicion is necessary in order to identify the patients at risk and propose an appropriate management.
Fructose levels are markedly elevated in cerebrospinal fluid compared to plasma in pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Fructose, unlike glucose, promotes feeding behavior in rodents and its ingestion exerts differential effects in the human brain. However, plasma fructose is typically 1/1000 th of glucose levels and it is unclear to what extent fructose crosses the blood-brain barrier. We investigated whether local endogenous central nervous system (CNS) fructose production from glucose via the polyol pathway (glucose → sorbitol → fructose) contributes to brain exposure to fructose. METHODS: In this observational study, fasting glucose, sorbitol and fructose concentrations were measured using gas-chromatography-liquid mass spectroscopy in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), maternal plasma, and venous cord blood collected from 25 pregnant women (6 lean, 10 overweight/obese, and 9 T2DM/gestational DM) undergoing spinal anesthesia and elective cesarean section. RESULTS: As expected, CSF glucose was ~ 60% of plasma glucose levels. In contrast, fructose was nearly 20-fold higher in CSF than in plasma (p < 0.001), and CSF sorbitol was ~ 9-times higher than plasma levels (p < 0.001). Moreover, CSF fructose correlated positively with CSF glucose (ρ 0.45, p = 0.02) and sorbitol levels (ρ 0.75, p < 0.001). Cord blood sorbitol was also ~ 7-fold higher than maternal plasma sorbitol levels (p = 0.001). There were no differences in plasma, CSF, and cord blood glucose, fructose, or sorbitol levels between groups. CONCLUSIONS: These data raise the possibility that fructose may be produced endogenously in the human brain and that the effects of fructose in the human brain and placenta may extend beyond its dietary consumption.
Is pregnancy a risk factor for microvascular complications? The EURODIAB Prospective Complications Study.; AIMS: To examine the long-term influence of pregnancy on the development and progression of microvascular complications in Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: In the EURODIAB Prospective Complications Study (PCS), 793 women potentially child bearing at baseline completed the follow-up (7.3 years) and 163 (21%) gave birth during the follow-up period. We compared risk factors [mean levels of age, duration of diabetes, HbA(1c), systolic blood pressure (SBP) and proportion giving birth] between those that did or did not develop microvascular complications during the follow-up period. RESULTS: For the 425 childless women at baseline, 102 gave birth during follow-up. HbA(1c) was a significant risk factor for progression to microalbuminuria but age, duration of diabetes, systolic blood pressure or giving birth were not. Duration of diabetes and high HbA(1c) were significant risk factors for progression to proliferative retinopathy, whereas giving birth was not. Similar results were obtained for progression to any form of retinopathy. Giving birth was not significantly related to the incidence of neuropathy. Similar results were obtained for women with children at baseline giving birth during follow-up (n = 61/368). CONCLUSIONS: In this European study, having a first or another pregnancy did not seem to be a risk factor for long-term progression of any microvascular complication. This is in accordance with the findings of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT).
[Associated factors of pre-eclampsia complicated in pregnant women with abnormal glucose metabolism].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the incidence and associated factors of pre-eclampsia in women with abnormal glucose metabolism in pregnancy. METHODS: A retrospective study was conducted on 1202 pregnant women with abnormal glucose metabolism who delivered their babies in our hospital between 1981-2003. All women were divided into 2 groups: group I included 151 women with pre-eclampsia; group II consisted of 1050 women without pre-eclampsia. The risk factors of pre-eclampsia were analyzed. RESULTS: (1) The incidence of pre-eclampsia was 12.6% as a whole and was 34.8% (39/112), 11.8% (89/753) and 6.8% (23/337) in diabetes mellitus (DM), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) groups, respectively (P < 0.01). (2) The average pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI), the gestational age at the presence of elevated blood glucose and the parity in group I were significantly different from that of group II [(31 +/- 4) kg/m(2) vs (29 +/- 4) kg/m(2), P = 0.027; (27 +/- 11) weeks vs (30 +/- 7) weeks, P = 0.001; (1.0 +/- 0.6) vs (0.8 +/- 0.6), P = 0.01]. No difference was shown in these two groups in maternal age and gravida. (3) The incidence of pre-eclampsia was increased in women who had poor obstetric history and chronic hypertension (18.5% vs 11.6%, 41.9% vs 11.5%, P = 0.03, 0.000). (4) In group I, the glucose level of glucose challenge test (GCT), oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, fasting, 2 hr and 3 hr) and the hemoglobin A(1)c (HbA(1)c) value were all higher than those of group II (P = 0.002, 0.000, 0.009, 0.001, 0.004, respectively). (5) Those with insulin treatment had a rate of 15.6% of pre-eclampsia, which was higher than those with diet control (9.9%, P = 0.009), and the glucose not well controlled women had a higher rate of pre-eclampsia than the well controlled ones (17.0% vs 10.0%, P = 0.000). (6) Logistic regression analysis showed that the independent risk factors of pre-eclampsia were pregnant women with chronic hypertension and the level of HbA(1)c. CONCLUSIONS: Types of abnormal glucose metabolism have significant effect on the incidence of pre-eclampsia. The occurrence of pre-eclampsia in these women is closely related to the plasma glucose level at GDM diagnosis and how well the maternal glucose level is controlled.
Fetal lung maturation. Comparison of biochemical indices in gestational diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the biochemical maturation of the components of the lung profile according to gestational age between reliably dated gestational diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: Lung maturation was compared in reliably dated pregnancies in 501 gestational diabetic women and 561 nondiabetic women. Lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio (L/S) and phosphatidylglycerol (PG) were evaluated by analysis of variance according to the presence or absence of diabetes and weeks of gestational age. The effect of gestational diabetes on fetal lung maturation was determined by analysis of variance. RESULTS: The gestational diabetic group had no clinical or statistical differences in L/S ratios as compared to the nondiabetic patients at any gestational age. There were no differences in mean percent PG between the diabetic and nondiabetic groups at any gestational age. By 37 completed weeks, 86% of the L/S ratios and 78% of the PG values were mature in the diabetic group as compared to 80% of the L/S ratios and 78% of the PG values in the control group (P = .33 and .43, respectively). CONCLUSION: In reliably dated gestational diabetic pregnancies, biochemical maturation of the fetal lung strongly correlates with gestational age and does not appear to be significantly delayed when compared to a nondiabetic control group.
No Effect of Lifestyle Intervention during Third Trimester on Brain Programming in Fetuses of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes.; Maternal metabolism and intrauterine conditions influence development of health and disease in offspring, leading to metabolic, physiologic, and/or epigenetic adaptation of the fetus. Maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) leads to higher incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes in offspring. We have previously shown that fetuses of insulin-resistant mothers with GDM have a delayed reaction to auditory stimuli in the postprandial state, indicating a fetal central insulin resistance. We tested whether this effect could be influenced by a lifestyle intervention in mothers with GDM, including diet counselling and regular blood glucose measurements. We measured fetal brain activity over the course of a maternal glucose challenge, at two measurement time points (baseline at an average of 29 weeks of gestation and follow-up after 4 weeks) in mothers with GDM and mothers with normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Data from eight mothers were able to be included. Fetuses of GDM mothers showed longer latencies than those of NGT mothers postprandially at both measurement time points during the third trimester and did not show a difference in response patterns between baseline and after 4 weeks. Maternal postprandial blood glucose and insulin values did not change from baseline to follow-up either. While the overall intervention seems to have been effective, it does not appear to have influenced the fetal postprandial brain responses. This might have been because interventions for GDM take place relatively late in pregnancy. Future research should focus on maternal lifestyle interventions as early as possible during gestation, or even prenatally.
Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labour.; AIM: To investigate data enabling the development of guidelines for obstetrical monitoring and management of the threat of preterm labour in gestational diabetes. METHODOLOGY: Systematic literature review. RESULTS: With gestational diabetes and the absence of other disorders or associated risk factors, there is no argument justifying a systematic clinical monitoring schedule different from other pregnancies. The relevance of ultrasound weight estimations is limited. No formula has emerged as being superior to the others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of testing for asymmetric septal hypertrophy has not been demonstrated (EL4). The routine performance of umbilical artery Doppler has no demonstrated utility in the absence of growth restriction or associated hypertension (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring can be proposed for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin. With gestational diabetes that is well-controlled with diet, foetal heart rate recording has no demonstrated use. The recording is debatable for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin, while taking associated risk factors into consideration. Weekly recording of the foetal heart rate is often advised for type 2 diabetes diagnosed during pregnancy. If there is a threat of preterm labour, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin receptor antagonists may be used without special precautions. The risk-benefit ratio does not appear favourable for the β2-adrenergic agonists. Lung maturation with corticosteroids may be done in parallel with glycaemic testing and insulin therapy if necessary. Diabetic screening tests should be done several days after the last injection of corticosteroid.
Diabetes Screening in Canada (DIASCAN) Study: prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes and glucose intolerance in family physician offices.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes and glucose intolerance in individuals > or =40 years of age who contacted their family physician for routine care. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The study used a stratified randomized selection of family physicians across Canada that was proportional to provincial and urban/rural populations based on Statistics Canada Census data (1996). Consecutive patients > or =40 years of age were screened for diabetes. If a casual fingerprick blood glucose was >5.5 mmol/l, the patient returned for a fasting venous blood glucose test. If the fasting blood glucose was 6.1-6.9 mmol/l, a 2-h 75-g post-glucose load venous blood glucose was obtained. Results of these tests were used to classify patients in diagnostic categories. RESULTS: Data were available for 9,042 patients. Previously undiagnosed diabetes was discovered in 2.2% of the patients, and new glucose intolerance was found in an additional 3.5% of patients. Overall, 16.4% of patients had previously known diabetes. The decrease in fasting plasma glucose criterion from 7.8 to 7.0 mmol/l resulted in a 2.2% versus a 1.6% prevalence of new diabetes. Several risk factors were reported in a significantly greater proportion of patients with new glucose intolerance and either new and known diabetes compared with the normal glucose tolerance group of patients. CONCLUSIONS: Routine screening for diabetes by family physicians is justified in patients > or =40 years of age, given the finding of previously undiagnosed diabetes in 2.2% of these patients and newly diagnosed glucose intolerance in an additional 3.5% of these patients. Another 16.4% of primary care patients > or =40 years of age have known diabetes. This has important implications regarding health resources and physician education.
Islet cell antibodies in diabetes mellitus associated with a mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) gene mutation.; An A3243G point mutation of the mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) gene was detected in a Caucasian family with maternal diabetes mellitus and signs of mitochondrial dysfunction such as muscular hypotonia, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, stroke-like episodes (MELAS), neurosensory hearing loss, cardial pre-excitation, and short stature. Low levels (10 JDF) of islet cell antibodies (ICA) in insulin-treated diabetes of the mother and impaired glucose tolerance with high levels of ICA (80 JDF) in her older son indicated that mitochondrial diabetes mellitus may involve beta cell damage. Furthermore, exocrine pancreas cell damage may also occur since the stroke-like episodes of this son were combined with pancreatitis. In all family members HLA types and plasma antioxidants were determined. Normal concentrations of hydro- and lipophilic antioxidants (including ubiquinol-10) were found.
Trends in postpartum hemorrhage: United States, 1994-2006.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to estimate the incidence of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) in the United States and to assess trends. STUDY DESIGN: Population-based data from the 1994-2006 National Inpatient Sample were used to identify women who were hospitalized with postpartum hemorrhage. Data for each year were plotted, and trends were assessed. Multivariable logistic regression was used in an attempt to explain the difference in PPH incidence between 1994 and 2006. RESULTS: PPH increased 26% between 1994 and 2006 from 2.3% (n = 85,954) to 2.9% (n = 124,708; P < .001). The increase primarily was due to an increase in uterine atony, from 1.6% (n = 58,597) to 2.4% (n = 99,904; P < .001). The increase in PPH could not be explained by changes in rates of cesarean delivery, vaginal birth after cesarean delivery, maternal age, multiple birth, hypertension, or diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Population-based surveillance data signal an apparent increase in PPH caused by uterine atony. More nuanced clinical data are needed to understand the factors that are associated with this trend.
Effects of prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus on deep grey matter structures and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder symptoms in children.; AIM: The neuronal mechanism linking the association between maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) and risk of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms and working memory deficits in children was investigated. METHODS: A total of 6291 children (52% boys) born beyond 28 weeks of gestation were included and underwent brain magnetic resonance imaging scans at 9-10 years. Subcortical brain volumes were estimated from the T1-weighted images. ADHD symptoms were assessed using factorial analysis of the Child Behaviour Checklist completed by parents/caregivers. Working memory performance was assessed with the NIH Toolbox. RESULTS: Compared to unexposed children, those exposed to DM (n = 422) had smaller (β = -0.15, p = 0.001) volumes of pooled deep grey matter (GM). Regional analysis revealed smaller volumes of the caudate nucleus, putamen, thalamus and cerebellum but not of hippocampus. They also had altered cortico-striatal white matter projection tracts. DM was not associated with working memory deficits or inattention, but with increased hyperactivity/impulsivity and Sluggish Cognitive Tempo symptoms in boys. This hyperactivity/impulsivity symptom in boys was partially mediated by smaller deep GM volume. CONCLUSION: Exposure to DM during pregnancy leads to altered deep GM development during late childhood in their offspring. This contributed to an increased risk of hyperactivity/impulsivity symptoms in boys.
[Physiopathological approach and antenatal diagnosis of diabetes mellitus insulin resistant: apropos of a case with leprechaunism].; BACKGROUND: Leprechaunism is characterized by severe intrauterine growth retardation, elfin-like face, relatively large hands, feet and genitalia and abnormal skin with hypertrichosis, acanthosis nigricans and low subcutaneous fat. The insulin receptors have multiple defects. CASE REPORT: A boy was born after cesarean section at the 35th week of gestation because of intrauterine growth retardation: weight: 930 g; height: 36 cm; head circumference: 27 cm. He had trigonocephaly, coarse features and hyperkeratosis. Ultrasonography confirmed the presence of a ventricular septal defect detected during pregnancy. Hyperglucosemia (3 g/l) was associated with insulinemia above 350 mU/l; his C-peptide concentration was above 20 ng/ml. The patient was given intravenous insulin, up to 2,500 U/kg/d. He died at the age of 95 days, weighing 1500 g, with persistent hyperglucosemia and cholestasis. Postmortem examination showed adrenal and thymus hypoplasia and hyperplasia of pancreatic islet cells. Molecular biology studies showed that this patient was heterozygotic for two mutations, one in exon 20 inherited from his father, the other in exon 18 inherited from his mother; both mutations are associated with tyrosine-kinase activity of the insulin receptor. These results will be used for antenatal diagnosis in any future pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Molecular biology can indicate specific defects in the insulin receptor. It may also allow antenatal diagnosis in some families.
Interpregnancy Body Mass Index Changes: Distribution and Impact on Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in the Subsequent Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the change in body mass index (BMI) categories between pregnancies and its effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective cohort study of women with two consecutive deliveries from 2005 to 2010. Analysis was limited to women with BMI recorded at <24 weeks for both pregnancies. Standard BMI categories were used. Adverse pregnancy outcomes included preterm birth at <37 weeks, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), pregnancy-related hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with increased BMI category between pregnancies were compared with those who remained in the same BMI category. RESULTS: In total, 537 women were included, of whom 125 (23%) increased BMI category. There was no association between increase in BMI category and risk of preterm birth, IUGR, or pregnancy-related hypertension. Women who increased BMI category had an increased odds of GDM compared with women who remained in the same BMI category (6.4 vs. 2.2%; p = 0.018). The increased risk remained after controlling for age, history of GDM, and starting BMI (adjusted odds ratio: 8.2; 95% confidence interval: 2.1-32.7; p = 0.003). CONCLUSION: Almost one-quarter of women increased BMI categories between pregnancies. This modifiable risk factor has a significant impact on the risk of GDM.
Susceptibility to development of central adiposity among populations.; There is good evidence that central (visceral) adiposity is important in the development of the insulin resistance or metabolic syndrome (obesity, hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, hypertension, and coronary heart disease). It is proposed that some non-Caucasian populations are especially susceptible to development of this syndrome, and that lifestyle changes may play important etiologic roles. We postulate that this is due to the presence in these populations of a genetic predisposition to weight gain, perhaps related to a "thrifty" genotype, leading to the concentration of weight gain in visceral fat depots, when there is exposure to conditions associated with westernization.
Obstetrical outcome with increasing maternal age.; A retrospective study of 21,442 Singaporean women who gave birth at the National University Hospital, Singapore, between January 1986 and November 1991 is used to assess the effects of increasing age on obstetric performance. The results show that reproduction after the age of 35 years in Singapore is associated with a higher incidence of antenatal complications such as hypertension and diabetes and a higher rate of obstetric intervention. However, given the current level of obstetric and neonatal care in Singapore, these adverse features do not prejudice the obstetric and neonatal outcomes.
Pregnancy loss is associated with type 2 diabetes: a nationwide case-control study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Type 2 diabetes is killing more people than ever, and early-life predictors remain critical for the development of effective preventive strategies. Pregnancy loss is a common event associated with later atherosclerotic disease and ischaemic heart failure and might constitute a predictor for type 2 diabetes. The objective of this study was to investigate whether pregnancy loss is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Using a Danish nationwide cohort, we identified all women born from 1957 through to 1997 and who had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes during the period 1977 to 2017. The women were matched 1:10 on year of birth and educational level to women without diabetes in the general Danish population. Conditional logistic regression models provided odds ratios for type 2 diabetes with different numbers of pregnancy losses. RESULTS: We identified 24,774 women with type 2 diabetes and selected 247,740 controls without diabetes. Women who had ever been pregnant (ever-pregnant women) with 1, 2 and ≥ 3 pregnancy losses had ORs of type 2 diabetes of 1.18 (95% CI 1.13, 1.23), 1.38 (95% CI 1.27, 1.49) and 1.71 (95% CI 1.53, 1.92) compared with ever-pregnant women with no pregnancy losses, respectively. Women who never achieved a pregnancy had an OR of type 2 diabetes of 1.56 (95% CI 1.51, 1.61) compared with ever-pregnant women with any number of losses. Similar results were found after adjustment for obesity and gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: We found a significant and consistent association between pregnancy loss and later type 2 diabetes that increased with increasing number of losses. Thus, pregnancy loss and recurrent pregnancy loss are significant risk factors for later type 2 diabetes. Future studies should explore whether this association is due to common background factors or whether prediabetic metabolic conditions are responsible for this association. Graphical abstract.
Molecular biology of 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase.; Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) plays a central role in the folate cycle and contributes to the metabolism of the amino acid homocysteine. It catalyzes the reduction of 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate to 5-methyltetrahydrofolate, thus generating the active form of folate required for remethylation of homocysteine to methionine. Deficiency of MTHFR may be associated with an increase in plasma homocysteine, which in turn is associated with an increased risk of vascular disease. This article summarizes the biochemistry, the function in the folate cycle, and the molecular genetics of this enzyme. Particular emphasis has been given to the role of two common polymorphisms (MTHFR 677C-->T, 1298A-->C) in cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, venous thrombosis, longevity, neural tube defects, pregnancy/preeclampsia, diabetes, cancer, psychiatry, renal failure and renal replacement therapy. Finally, the rare genetic defects underlying severe MTHFR deficiency are also considered.
Perinatal outcomes and complications of pregnancy in women with immune thrombocytopenic purpura.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate pregnancy and perinatal outcomes in women with immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP). METHODS: A retrospective study comparing all singleton pregnancies of women with and without ITP was conducted. Deliveries occurred between the years 1988 and 2007. Multiple logistic regression models were performed to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period, 186,602 deliveries were recorded, out of which 104 (0.06%) occurred in patients with ITP. In a multivariable analysis, we found the following conditions to be significantly and independently associated with ITP: hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, and preterm delivery (<34 weeks gestation). Patients with ITP had significantly higher rates of preterm delivery (<34 weeks gestation; 6.7%vs. 2.2%; p < 0.001) and perinatal mortality (4.8%vs. 1.3%; p = 0.011) when compared with patients without ITP. Two multivariable logistic regression models were constructed with perinatal mortality and preterm delivery (<34 weeks gestation) as the outcome variables to control for possible confounders such as congenital malformations, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and maternal age. In these models, ITP was found to be an independent risk factor for perinatal mortality (OR = 3.77; 95% CI 1.32-10.78, p = 0.013), as well as for preterm delivery before 34 weeks gestation (OR = 3.01; 95% CI 1.39-6.52, p = 0.005). CONCLUSION: ITP is significantly and independently associated with preterm delivery before 34 weeks gestation and with perinatal mortality.
Treatment of fetal distress during diabetic keto-acidosis.; A case of diabetic acidosis during pregnancy is presented in which the fetal heart rate tracing demonstrated late decelerations. Sodium bicarbonate, intravenous fluids and insulin treatment resulted in correction of both the maternal acidosis and the abnormal fetal heart rate tracings. The rationale for bicarbonate therapy for treatment of the presumed fetal distress is discussed.
Neonatal echocardiograms of macrosomic neonates.; OBJECTIVE: To compare echocardiograms of macrosomic and healthy full term neonates whose weight was appropriate for gestational age (AGA). METHODS: Echocardiography was performed on 9 healthy full term AGA neonates and 15 macrosomic neonates. A data base was generated from valid echocardiographic measurements on each infant. RESULTS: Macrosomic infants were heavier than control infants and had a greater body surface area, but their mean cardiac dimensions were similar. The mean LVES volume was smaller than that of the control group when expressed as a fraction of individual LVED values (0.61 +/- 0.04 vs 0.64 +/- 0.02; p = 0.02). When comparing IVS/PW, it was observed that the ratio was up to and including 1.33 in the control group, while the upper limit of the ratio of the nondiabetic macrosomic infants was 1.6. The shortening fraction (SF%) was increased in comparison to infants of normal weight (40.67% +/- 3.34 vs 36.00% +/- 1.89; p = 0.0009). The thickened IVS did not elevate SF% by decreasing LVES; the macrosomic infants had a smaller LVES mean volume. CONCLUSION: IVS/PW ratio of macrosomic infants fell outside of the normal range. Macrosomic neonates were found to have an increased SF% secondary to a proportionally smaller LVES volume, regardless of IVS thickness.
Gestational Diabetes: Long-Term Central Nervous System Developmental and Cognitive Sequelae.; Gestational diabetes is a common complication of pregnancy and occurs in approximately 7% of all pregnancies. It has been associated with an increased rate of congenital anomalies including disturbances of intrauterine growth, delayed brain maturity, and neurobehavioral abnormalities in the offspring. The resulting maternal and fetal metabolic dysfunction leads to diminished iron stores (which can affect red blood cell [RBC] production and subsequent organogenesis), a metabolism-placental perfusion mismatch, increased FFA, increased lactic acidosis, and potential hypoxia. Though most newborns born in the context of gestational diabetes are not significantly affected by it, empirical research suggests gestational diabetes has been associated with lower general intelligence, language impairments, attention weaknesses, impulsivity, and behavioral problems. In extreme cases, it may essentially function as a gestational brain insult. Children who are exposed to poorly controlled gestational diabetes may benefit from some form of tracking or follow-up assessments. Additionally, clinicians evaluating children with developmental learning or cognitive dysfunction may want to seek appropriate gestational diabetes-related information from the parents. A greater understanding of this significant gestational risk may help foster improved prenatal diabetes management and may help reduce the neurodevelopmental effects of gestational diabetes.
The value of urine screening for glucose at each prenatal visit.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether chemical (dipstick) urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit predicts gestational outcomes such as gestational diabetes, abruptio placentae, preterm delivery, fetal heart rate abnormality, cesarean delivery for dystocia, fetal macrosomia, and shoulder dystocia. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated each of the 3217 women who were delivered at St. Joseph's Hospital between July 1, 1990, and September 1, 1993, and who had received all prenatal care at Marshfield Clinic. Study subjects had complete urinalyses at the first prenatal visit, blood glucose diabetes screening at 24-28 weeks, and dipstick urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit. Women were excluded because of preexisting diabetes, multiple gestation, glucosuria at the first prenatal visit, or failure to complete the recommended blood screening at 24-28 weeks. The remaining 2965 women were grouped according to whether their dipstick urine tests were positive for glucose. Then the two groups were compared with regard to relevant pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: Women with glucosuria in the first two trimesters had a significantly higher incidence of gestational diabetes (12.8 versus 2.9%, P = .003). For women without evidence of gestational diabetes, there were no clinically important differences in the measured pregnancy outcomes between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Routine dipstick urinalysis for glucose can identify gravidas at increased risk for gestational diabetes, possibly allowing certain women with gestational diabetes to be diagnosed earlier than 24-28 weeks. However, most glucosuria testing is performed after a patient has completed routine blood screening for gestational diabetes. This third-trimester testing is not predictive of any clinically important pregnancy outcome.
Effectiveness and acceptability of myo-inositol nutritional supplement in the prevention of gestational diabetes (EMmY): a protocol for a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind pilot trial.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes increases maternal and offspring complications in pregnancy and cardiovascular complications in the long term. The nutritional supplement myo-inositol may prevent gestational diabetes; however, further evaluation is required, especially in multiethnic high-risk mothers. Our pilot trial on myo-inositol to prevent gestational diabetes will evaluate trial processes, assess acceptability to mothers and obtain preliminary estimates of effect and cost data prior to a large full-scale trial. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: EMmY is a multicentre, placebo-controlled, double-blind, pilot, randomised trial, with qualitative evaluation. We will recruit pregnant women at 12-15(+6) weeks' gestation, with gestational diabetes risk factors, from five maternity units in England between 2018 and 2019. We will randomise 200 women to take either 2 g of myo-inositol powder (intervention) or placebo, twice daily until delivery. We will assess rates of recruitment, randomisation, adherence to intervention and follow-up. Gestational diabetes will be diagnosed at 24-28 weeks as per the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) criteria (fasting plasma glucose: ≥5.6 mmol/L and 2-hour plasma glucose: ≥7.8 mmol/L). We will assess the effects of myo-inositol on glycaemic indices at 28 weeks and on other maternal, fetal and neonatal outcomes at postnatal discharge. Qualitative evaluation will explore the acceptability of the trial and the intervention among women and healthcare professionals. Cost data and health-related quality of life measures will be captured. We will summarise feasibility outcomes using standard methods for proportions and other descriptive statistics, and where appropriate, report point estimates of effect sizes (eg, mean differences and relative risks) and associated 95% CIs. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethical approval was obtained through the London Queen Square Research Ethics Committee (17/LO/1741). Study findings will be submitted for publication in peer-reviewed journals. Newsletters will be made available to participants, healthcare professionals and members of Katie's Team (a patient and public advisory group) to disseminate. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN48872100. PROTOCOL VERSION AND DATE: Version 4.0, 15 January 2018.
The effect of prenatal factors on crown dimensions.; As shown in 870 white participants in the National Collaborative Perinatal Project (NCPP), maternal health status during pregnancy and birth size are systematically related to mesiodistal and buccolingual crown dimensions of I1, I2, dc, dm1, dm2 and M1. Maternal diabetes, maternal hypothyroidism and large size at birth are associated with larger maxillary and mandibular teeth in white children. Conversely, deciduous and permanent crown diameters are diminished in maternal hypertension, and in low birthweight and small birth-length conditions. These findings suggest that maternal and fetal (or gestational) determinants of both deciduous and permanent tooth crown dimensions may account for as much as half of crown-size variability with major implications to population comparisons and historical odontometric differences and trends.
Vascular change in the placenta of diabetic mothers and hypertensive diabetic mothers.; Pregnancy complicated by diabetes and/or hypertension is a significant medical problem not only affecting maternal health, but also jeopardizing fetal normalcy. The placenta being the bridge between maternal fetal activity, this structure is considered as a window through which understanding of maternal dysfunctions as well as of their impacts on fetal wellbeing can be obtained. And as it is an almost all-vessel organ, its functional status depends primarily on the structural status of its vessels. To observe vascular changes in the placenta, a study was carried out on 44 placentas.19 from overt diabetic mothers having no hypertension and 5 from hypertensive diabetic mothers, and 20 from control group having no hypertension or diabetes. These were collected just after delivery though caesarian section. Macroscopic findings of the study was that there was a trend of increase weight, volume and number of cotyledons in overt diabetes group, where as the in the hypertensive diabetes group was the opposite. But none of these levels has reached a significant level. For all these variables, the hypertensive diabetes group had smaller values than the overt diabetes group, significantly so for the number of cotyledons. The placental diameter was non-significantly larger in the overt diabetes group than in the control group, but a smaller than control value was found in the hypertensive diabetes group. Although neonatal weight did not show any significant change in either group, but in overt diabetes group, it showed a significant positive correlation with placental weight.
[Effect of maternal age on pregnancy outcomes in Beijing].; Objective: To evaluate the maternal age at delivery in Beijing and the effect of maternal age on pregnancy outcomes. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on 14 970 singleton pregnancies from 15 hospitals in Beijing from June 20(th) to November 30(th) in 2013. These hospitals were sorted by the numbers of delivery and chosen as clusters by systemic cluster sampling method. The data of age, diagnosis with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-eclampsia (PE), neonatal birth weight, gestational age at delivery, postpartum hemorrhage and infants admitted to the neonatal ICU (NICU) were collected. The 14 970 women were divided into 5 groups according to their ages at delivery: (1) less than 20 years (n=205), (2)20-<30 years (n=9 228), (3)30-<35 years (n=4 365), (4)35-<40 years (n=1 017), and(5) 40 years and older (n=155). T-test and χ(2) test were used for between-group comparison, and logistic regression analysis was used to examine the association between age and the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results: (1) The mean maternal age at delivery in 2013 in Beijing was (28±4) years old. Among them, 205 (1.4%, 205/14 970) delivered under 20 years of age; 1 172 (7.8%, 1 172/14 970) ≥35 years; and 155 (1.0%, 155/14 970) at 40 years and older. (2) The prevalence of diabetes, hypertension, overweight and obesity increased with age, and the incidence of these conditions were 3.4%, 4.3% and 31.4% in women with advanced age, respectively. (3) Compared with 20-<30 years group, less than 20 years was associated with significantly lower incidence of GDM [adjust OR (aOR)=0.393, 95%CI: 0.222-0.696] and cesarean section rate (aOR=0.549, 95%CI: 0.391-0.771), and higher incidence of preterm birth (aOR=2.144, 95%CI: 1.256-3.662). Moreover, 30-<35 years, 35-<40 years and 40 years and older groups all had significantly higher risk of GDM (30-34 years, aOR=1.513, 95%CI: 1.374-1.666; 35-<40 years, aOR=2.094, 95%CI: 1.786-2.455; ≥40 years, aOR=2.174, 95%CI: 1.492-3.167), preterm birth (aOR=1.219, 95%CI: 1.021-1.455; aOR=1.644, 95%CI: 1.251-2.161; aOR=2.141, 95%CI: 1.209-3.792), cesarean section (aOR=1.373, 95%CI: 1.268-1.486; aOR=2.960, 95%CI: 2.550-3.435; aOR=4.332, 95%CI: 2.920-6.426) and NICU admission rate (aOR=1.236, 95%CI: 1.059-1.443; aOR=1.337, 95%CI: 1.018-1.756; aOR=2.389, 95%CI: 1.385-4.121), when compared to the 20-<30 years of age group. Higher incidence of PE (aOR=1.292, 95%CI: 1.007-1.659) and postpartum hemorrhage (aOR=1.224, 95%CI: 1.048-1.429) were also noted in women of 30-<35 years, compared to 20-<30 years group respectively. Conclusion: Both advanced maternal age and adolescent pregnancy are associated with increasing risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Aberrations in the early pregnancy serum metabolic profile in women with prediabetes at two years postpartum.; INTRODUCTION: Aberrations in circulating metabolites have been associated with diabetes and cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVES: To investigate if early and late pregnancy serum metabolomic profiles differ in women who develop prediabetes by two years postpartum compared to those who remain normoglycemic. METHODS: An NMR metabolomics platform was used to measure 228 serum metabolite variables from women with pre-pregnancy overweight in early and late pregnancy. Co-abundant groups of metabolites were compared between the women who were (n = 40) or were not (n = 138) prediabetic at two years postpartum. Random Forests classifiers, based on the metabolic profiles, were used to predict the prediabetes status, and correlations of the metabolites to glycemic traits (fasting glucose and insulin, HOMA2-IR and HbA1c) and hsCRP at postpartum were evaluated. RESULTS: Women with prediabetes had higher concentrations of small HDL particles, total lipids in small HDL, phospholipids in small HDL and free cholesterol in small HDL in early pregnancy (p = 0.029; adj with pre-pregnancy BMI p = 0.094). The small HDL related metabolites also correlated positively with markers of insulin resistance at postpartum. Similar associations were not detected for metabolites in late pregnancy. A Random Forests classifier based on serum metabolites and clinical variables in early pregnancy displayed an acceptable predictive power for the prediabetes status at postpartum (AUROC 0.668). CONCLUSION: Elevated serum concentrations of small HDL particles in early pregnancy associate with prediabetes and insulin resistance at two years postpartum. The serum metabolic profile during pregnancy might be used to identify women at increased risk for type 2 diabetes.
Topological properties and spatial organization of villous capillaries in normal and diabetic placentas.; Spatial arrangement and complexity of the capillary bed of placental terminal villi were analyzed in 9 normal and 11 diabetic placentas. Specimens were taken by systematic random sampling, fixed and stained in toto, and embedded in paraffin. Fifteen fields of view were sampled systematically from 120-microm-thick sections of specimens and examined using a confocal laser scanning microscope. Series of thin optical sections of terminal villi and their developmental forms were recorded by the confocal microscope and used as initial data for three-dimensional visualization of the spatial arrangement of villous capillaries. Vascular topology and branching were studied by focusing through the villus, making a schematic drawing of the villous capillary bed and counting redundant capillary connections. It was found that the basic arrangement of villous capillaries is similar in both normal and diabetic placentas. Nevertheless, the proportion of simple forms of the capillary bed without redundant connections is significantly higher in normal placentas and the mean number of redundant connections per villus is significantly higher in diabetic placentas. It is concluded that both the longitudinal growth and branching of capillaries contribute to the increase in the placental capillary bed in late gestation and that the capillary bed of diabetic villi is more complicated due to more intense capillary branching.
Fetal Doppler Parameters at Term in Pregnancies Affected by Gestational Diabetes: Role in the Prediction of Perinatal Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE:  The timing of delivery for women affected by gestational diabetes (GDM) is still controversial. Good clinical practice often suggests offering induction of labor at term in order to reduce the complications associated with this condition, while recent evidence supports expectant management. Fetal Doppler parameters represent a validated tool for testing fetal well-being at term and can select pregnancies that need increased surveillance. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the role of fetal Doppler parameters at term for the prediction of pregnancy outcomes in patients affected by GDM. METHODS: Prospective cohort study in a single center. Evaluation of umbilical artery (UA) PI, middle cerebral artery (MCA) PI, cerebroplacental ratio (CPR) and umbilical-to-cerebral ratio (UCR) at > 37 weeks of gestation in singleton, morphologically normal pregnancies affected by GDM, was performed in order to estimate the association between ultrasound measurements at term and perinatal outcome. Regression linear analysis was used to estimate the association between fetal Doppler parameters and neonatal pH, neonatal Apgar score, neonatal weight and a composite adverse outcome. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used to estimate the possible predictive value of the above association. RESULTS:  Our results on 130 women showed MCA PI to be the best predictor of perinatal outcomes in terms of low Apgar score at the 1st minute (p = 0.00), pH (p = 0.02) and composite adverse outcome (p = 0.05). UCR showed a significant correlation with neonatal pH (p = 0.02). No significant correlations for UA PI and CPR MoMs have been demonstrated in our population. However, the small sample size is a limitation of the study. CONCLUSION:  Evaluation of MCA Doppler and eventually UCR at term can be a useful tool to discriminate pregnancies affected by GDM that can benefit from IOL before 41 weeks in order to reduce complications related to this condition.
Multiple Job Holding, Job Changes, and Associations with Gestational Diabetes and Pregnancy-Related Hypertension in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study.; We used National Birth Defects Prevention Study data to investigate associations between working patterns shortly before and during pregnancy and gestational diabetes and pregnancy-related hypertension. We analyzed working patterns (multiple-job holders, job changers, single-job holders) during the three months before and during pregnancy for 8140 participants who delivered a live-born child without a birth defect. "Multiple-job holders" worked more than one job simultaneously, "job changers" worked more than one job with no overlap, and "single-job holders" (referent) worked one job. We used multivariable logistic regression to estimate associations between working pattern and each outcome, adjusting for maternal age and educational attainment at delivery. We explored effect measure modification by household income, peak weekly working hours, and maternal race/ethnicity. Multiple-job holders had higher odds of gestational diabetes (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.5; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.1-2.1) and pregnancy-related hypertension (aOR: 1.5; 95% CI: 1.0-2.2) compared with single-job holders. Multiple-job holders with a household income of more than 30,000 USD per year, 32-44 peak weekly working hours, and from racial/ethnic minority groups had higher odds of gestational diabetes compared with single-job holders in respective categories. Detailed occupational information is important for studies of occupation and maternal health.
Proportion of daily capillary blood glucose readings required in the target range for target glycaemic control: shift of focus from target range to proportion in range.; AIM: Most guidelines provide people with Type 1 diabetes with pre- and post-meal capillary blood glucose (CBG) targets to achieve optimal glycaemic control. We evaluated the proportion of daily CBG readings between 4 and 10 mmol/l in people achieving different HbA(1c) levels. METHOD: We analysed CBG data from routine pump/meter downloads from 201 adults treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) at a single hospital clinic. Exclusion criteria were CSII < 6 months, < 3 CBG/day, pregnancy, haemoglobinopathy and continuous sensor use. People were categorized into three groups based on HbA(1c) : < 58 mmol/mol, < 7.5% (n = 58); 58-74 mmol/mol, 7.5-8.9% (n = 107); and ≥ 75 mmol/mol, ≥ 9.0% (n = 36). RESULTS: Participants had a mean age of 43 ± 13 years and mean HBA(1c) of 64 mmol/mol (8.0 ± 1.1%). 47% of people started CSII for raised HbA(1c) , 25% due to hypoglycaemia and the rest during pregnancy. Downloads contained a mean of 22 ± 6.8 days of data per participant. CBG frequency was similar between the three groups (5.6 ± 2.0, 5.6 ± 1.9 and 5.4 ± 1.2 CBG/day; P = 0.468). The proportion of CBG readings between 4 and 10 mmol/l (72-180 mg/dl) was 57.3 ± 25.4%, 50.6 ± 11.1% and 39.9 ± 16.5% (P < 0.0001); < 4 mmol was 13.8%, 8.8% and 4.4% (P < 0.0001) and > 10 mmol/l was 28.9 ± 16.5%, 40.6 ± 12.1% and 55.6 ± 17.9% (P < 0.0001) in the three groups respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Participants achieving HBA(1c) < 58 mmol/mol (< 7.5%) had ~ 60% of CBG readings in range (4-10 mmol/l), with up to 30% of readings > 10 mmol/l. This target of achieving 60% or more readings within target, and being permissive with up to 30% readings > 10 mmol/l may be a novel target for people with diabetes, and may reduce anxiety associated with readings out of range.
Menstrual irregularity as a biological limit to early pregnancy awareness.; US state legislatures have proposed laws to prohibit abortion once the earliest embryonic electrical activity is detectable (fetal "heartbeat"). On average, this occurs roughly 6 wk after the last menstrual period. To be eligible for abortion, people must recognize pregnancy very early in gestation. The earliest symptom of pregnancy is a missed period, and irregular menstrual cycles-which occur frequently-can delay pregnancy detection past the point of fetal cardiac activity. In our analysis of 1.6 million prospectively recorded menstrual cycles, cycle irregularity was more common among young women, Hispanic women, and women with common health conditions, such as diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. These groups face physiological limitations in detecting pregnancy before fetal cardiac activity. Restriction of abortion this early in gestation differentially affects specific population subgroups, for reasons outside of individual control.
Does reversible postpartum contraception reduce the risk of pregnancy condition recurrence? A longitudinal claims-based study from Maine.; PURPOSE: To estimate the effect of reversible postpartum contraception use on the risk of recurrent pregnancy condition in the subsequent pregnancy and if this effect was mediated through lengthening the interpregnancy interval (IPI). METHODS: We used data from the Maine Health Data Organization's Maine All Payer Claims dataset. Our study population was Maine women with a livebirth index pregnancy between 2007 and 2019 that was followed by a subsequent pregnancy starting within 60 months of index pregnancy delivery. We examined recurrence of three pregnancy conditions, separately, in groups that were not mutually exclusive: prenatal depression, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and gestational diabetes (GDM). Effective reversible postpartum contraception use was defined as any intrauterine device, implant, or moderately effective method (pills, patch, ring, injectable) initiated within 60 days of delivery. Short IPI was defined as ≤ 12 months. We used log-binomial regression models to estimate risk ratios and 95 % confidence intervals, adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Approximately 41 % (11,448/28,056) of women initiated reversible contraception within 60 days of delivery, the prevalence of short IPI was 26 %, and the risk of pregnancy condition recurrence ranged from 38 % for HDP to 55 % for prenatal depression. Reversible contraception initiation within 60 days of delivery was not associated with recurrence of the pregnancy condition in the subsequent pregnancy (aRR ranged from 0.97 to 1.00); however, it was associated with lower risk of short IPI (aRR ranged from 0.67 to 0.74). CONCLUSION(S): Although initiation of postpartum reversible contraception within 60 days of delivery lengthens the IPI, our findings suggest that it does not reduce the risk of prenatal depression, HDP, or GDM recurrence. This indicates a missed opportunity for providing evidence-based healthcare and health interventions in the intrapartum period to reduce the risk of recurrence.
Use of Virtual Care for Glycemic Management in People With Types 1 and 2 Diabetes and Diabetes in Pregnancy: A Rapid Review.; Our objective in this study was to answer the main research question: In patients with diabetes, does virtual care vs face-to-face care provide different clinical, patient and practitioner experience or quality outcomes? Articles (2012 to 2020) describing interventions using virtual care with the capability for 2-way, individualized interactions compared with usual care were included. Studies involving any patients with diabetes and outcomes of glycated hemoglobin (A1C), quality of care and/or patient or health-care practitioner experience were included. Systematic reviews, randomized controlled studies, quasi-experimental trials, implementation trials, observational studies and qualitative analyses were reviewed. MEDLINE and McMaster Health Evidence databases searched in June 2020 identified 59 articles. Virtual care, in particular telemonitoring, combined with a means of 2-way communications provided improvement in A1C similar or superior to usual care, with the strongest evidence for type 2 diabetes. Virtual care was generally acceptable to patients, who expressed satisfaction with their care. Health-care providers recognized benefits but raised issues of technical support, workflow and compensation.
Rural/urban disparities in the trends and outcomes of peripartum cardiomyopathy in delivery hospitalizations.; BACKGROUND: Rural-urban disparities in peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are not well known. We examined rural-urban differences in maternal, fetal, and cardiovascular outcomes in PPCM during delivery hospitalizations. METHODS: We used 2003-2020 data from the National Inpatient Sample for delivery hospitalizations in individuals with PPCM. The 9th and 10th editions of the International Classification of Diseases were used to identify PPCM and cardiovascular, maternal, and fetal outcomes. Rural and urban hospitalizations for PPCM were 1:1 propensity score-matched using relevant clinical and sociodemographic variables. Odds of in-hospital mortality were assessed using logistic regression. RESULTS: Among 72,880 delivery hospitalizations with PPCM, 4,571 occurred in rural locations, while 68,309 occurred in urban locations. After propensity matching, there were a total of 4,571 rural-urban pairs. There was significantly higher in-hospital mortality in urban compared to rural hospitalizations (adjusted OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.10-1.89). Urban PPCM hospitalizations had significantly higher cardiogenic shock (2.9% vs. 1.3%), mechanical circulatory support (1.0% vs. 0.6%), cardiac arrest (2.3% vs. 0.9%), and VT/VF (4.5% vs. 2.1%, all p <.05). Additionally, urban PPCM hospitalizations had worse maternal and fetal outcomes as compared to rural hospitalizations, including higher preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, and fetal death (all p<.05). Notably, significantly more rural individuals were transferred to a short-term hospital (including tertiary care centers) compared to urban individuals (13.5% vs. 3.2%, p<.0001). CONCLUSIONS: There are significant rural-urban disparities in delivery hospitalizations with PPCM. Worse outcomes were associated with urban hospitalizations, while rural PPCM hospitalizations were associated with increased transfers, suggesting inadequate resources and advanced sickness.
Sex Dimorphic Associations of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus With Cord Plasma Fatty Acid Binding Protein 4 and Estradiol.; Fatty acid binding protein 4 (FABP4) has been associated with insulin resistance. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) impairs fetal insulin sensitivity. Female newborns are more insulin resistant than male newborns. We sought to evaluate the association between GDM and cord blood FABP4, and explore potential sex dimorphic associations and the roles of sex hormones. This was a nested case-control study in the Shanghai Birth Cohort, including 153 pairs of newborns in GDM vs. euglycemic pregnancies matched by infant sex and gestational age at delivery. Cord plasma FABP4, leptin, total and high-molecular-weight adiponectin, testosterone and estradiol concentrations were measured. Adjusting for maternal and neonatal characteristics, cord plasma FABP4 (Mean ± SD: 27.0 ± 19.6 vs. 18.8 ± 9.6 ng/mL, P=0.045) and estradiol (52.0 ± 28.6 vs. 44.2 ± 26.6, ng/mL, P=0.005) concentrations were higher comparing GDM vs. euglycemic pregnancies in males, but similar in females (all P>0.5). Mediation analyses showed that the positive association between GDM and cord plasma FABP4 in males could be partly mediated by estradiol (P=0.03), but not by testosterone (P=0.72). Cord plasma FABP4 was positively correlated with total adiponectin in females (r=0.17, P=0.053), but the correlation was in the opposite direction in males (r=-0.11, P=0.16) (test for difference in r, P=0.02). Cord plasma FABP4 was not correlated with leptin in both sexes. The study is the first to demonstrate sex-dimorphic associations between GDM and cord plasma FABP4 or estradiol, and between FABP4 and adiponectin in newborns. GDM may affect fetal circulating FABP4 and estradiol levels in males only.
Neonatal, infant, and childhood growth following metformin versus insulin treatment for gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Metformin is increasingly offered as an acceptable and economic alternative to insulin for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in many countries. However, the impact of maternal metformin treatment on the trajectory of fetal, infant, and childhood growth is unknown. METHODS AND FINDINGS: PubMed, Ovid Embase, Medline, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Cochrane database were systematically searched (from database inception to 26 February 2019). Outcomes of GDM-affected pregnancies randomised to treatment with metformin versus insulin were included (randomised controlled trials and prospective randomised controlled studies) from cohorts including European, American, Asian, Australian, and African women. Studies including pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes or non-diabetic women were excluded, as were trials comparing metformin treatment with oral glucose-lowering agents other than insulin. Two reviewers independently assessed articles for eligibility and risk of bias, and conflicts were resolved by a third reviewer. Outcome measures were parameters of fetal, infant, and childhood growth, including weight, height, BMI, and body composition. In total, 28 studies (n = 3,976 participants) met eligibility criteria and were included in the meta-analysis. No studies reported fetal growth parameters; 19 studies (n = 3,723 neonates) reported measures of neonatal growth. Neonates born to metformin-treated mothers had lower birth weights (mean difference -107.7 g, 95% CI -182.3 to -32.7, I2 = 83%, p = 0.005) and lower ponderal indices (mean difference -0.13 kg/m3, 95% CI -0.26 to 0.00, I2 = 0%, p = 0.04) than neonates of insulin-treated mothers. The odds of macrosomia (odds ratio [OR] 0.59, 95% CI 0.46 to 0.77, p < 0.001) and large for gestational age (OR 0.78, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.99, p = 0.04) were lower following maternal treatment with metformin compared to insulin. There was no difference in neonatal height or incidence of small for gestational age between groups. Two studies (n = 411 infants) reported measures of infant growth (18-24 months of age). In contrast to the neonatal phase, metformin-exposed infants were significantly heavier than those in the insulin-exposed group (mean difference 440 g, 95% CI 50 to 830, I2 = 4%, p = 0.03). Three studies (n = 520 children) reported mid-childhood growth parameters (5-9 years). In mid-childhood, BMI was significantly higher (mean difference 0.78 kg/m2, 95% CI 0.23 to 1.33, I2 = 7%, p = 0.005) following metformin exposure than following insulin exposure, although the difference in absolute weights between the groups was not significantly different (p = 0.09). Limited evidence (1 study with data treated as 2 cohorts) suggested that adiposity indices (abdominal [p = 0.02] and visceral [p = 0.03] fat volumes) may be higher in children born to metformin-treated compared to insulin-treated mothers. Study limitations include heterogeneity in metformin dosing, heterogeneity in diagnostic criteria for GDM, and the scarcity of reporting of childhood outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Following intrauterine exposure to metformin for treatment of maternal GDM, neonates are significantly smaller than neonates whose mothers were treated with insulin during pregnancy. Despite lower average birth weight, metformin-exposed children appear to experience accelerated postnatal growth, resulting in heavier infants and higher BMI by mid-childhood compared to children whose mothers were treated with insulin. Such patterns of low birth weight and postnatal catch-up growth have been reported to be associated with adverse long-term cardio-metabolic outcomes. This suggests a need for further studies examining longitudinal perinatal and childhood outcomes following intrauterine metformin exposure. This review protocol was registered with PROSPERO under registration number CRD42018117503.
The effect of maternal diabetes on glycogen metabolism in the embryonic rat.; This study examined the effect of maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy due to streptozotocin-induced diabetes on the synthesis of glycogen in the brain and liver of embryonic and newborn rats. Maternal hyperglycemia (serum glucose 25.3 +/- 0.9 mM) during gestation had no effect compared to controls (5.7 +/- 0.2 mM) on embryonic and newborn glycogen content in liver. In contrast, embryos experiencing hyperglycemia in utero had a two-fold higher brain glycogen content than controls at term; 1.6 mg/g vs. 0.84 mg/g, respectively. Interestingly there was a significant delay in the mobilization of brain glycogen during the immediate postnatal period in the offspring of diabetic mothers and control animals. These results suggest that uncontrolled maternal diabetes during pregnancy may significantly increase the availability of a potentially important local fuel source for the newborn brain: glycogen.
Independent risk factors for infants who are small for gestational age by customised birthweight centiles in a multi-ethnic New Zealand population.; BACKGROUND: Infants born small for gestational age (SGA) by customised birthweight centiles are at increased risk of adverse outcomes compared with those SGA by population centiles. Risk factors for customised SGA have not previously been described in a general obstetric population. AIM: To determine independent risk factors for customised SGA in a multi-ethnic New Zealand population. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort analysis of prospectively recorded maternity data from 2006 to 2009 at National Women's Health, Auckland, New Zealand. After exclusion of infants with congenital anomalies and missing data, our final study population was 26,254 singleton pregnancies. Multivariable logistic regression analysis adjusted for ethnicity, body mass index, maternal age, parity, smoking status, social deprivation, hypertensive disease, antepartum haemorrhage (APH), diabetes and relevant pre-existing medical conditions. RESULTS: Independent risk factors for SGA included obesity (adjusted odds ratio 1.24 [95% CI 1.11-1.39] relative to normal weight), maternal age ≥ 35 years (1.16 [1.05-1.30] relative to 20-29 years), nulliparity (1.13 [1.04-1.24] relative to parity 1), cigarette smoking (2.01 [1.79-2.27]), gestational hypertension (1.46 [1.21-1.75]), pre-eclampsia (2.94 [2.49-3.48]), chronic hypertension (1.68 [1.34-2.09]), placental abruption (2.57 [1.74-3.78]) and APH of unknown origin (1.71 [1.45-2.00]). Gestational diabetes (0.80 [0.67-0.96]) and type 1 diabetes (0.26 [0.11-0.64]) were associated with reduced risk. CONCLUSIONS: We report independent pregnancy risk factors for customised SGA in a general obstetric population. In contrast to population SGA, obesity is associated with increased risk. Our findings may help identify pregnancies that require increased fetal growth surveillance.
Fetal hypoxia is associated with elevated cord serum C-reactive protein levels in diabetic pregnancies.; Maternal diabetes increases the risk of intrauterine hypoxia. Inflammation may play a role in the pathogenesis of hypoxia-related neonatal complications. We studied correlations between levels of cord serum C-reactive protein (CRP), measured by a highly sensitive immunofluorometric assay, and indices of fetal hypoxia in diabetic pregnancies. Cord serum CRP correlated positively with amniotic fluid erythropoietin and umbilical artery pCO2. A negative correlation existed between cord serum CRP and umbilical artery pH and pO2. Amniotic fluid erythropoietin showed an independent effect on cord serum CRP in multiple regression analysis. These data suggest that the fetus responds to hypoxia by an inflammatory reaction.
Do maternal haemodynamics have a causal influence on treatment for gestational diabetes?; BACKGROUND: Arterial stiffening is believed to contribute to the worsening of insulin resistance, and factors which are associated with needing pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM), such as maternal obesity or advanced age, are associated with impaired cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy. In this observational study, we aimed to investigate causal relationships between maternal haemodynamics and treatment requirement amongst women with GDM. METHODS: We assessed maternal haemodynamics in women with GDM, comparing those who remained on dietary treatment with those who required pharmacological management. Maternal haemodynamics were assessed using the Arteriograph® (TensioMed Ltd, Budapest, Hungary) and the NICOM® non-invasive bio-reactance method (Cheetah Medical, Portland, Oregon, USA). A graphical causal inference technique was used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: 120 women with GDM were included in the analysis. Maternal booking BMI was identified as having a causative influence on treatment requirement, with each unit increase in BMI increasing the odds of needing metformin and/or insulin therapy by 12% [OR 1.12 (1.02 - 1.22)]. The raw values of maternal heart rate (87.6 ± 11.7 vs. 92.9 ± 11.90 bpm, p = 0.014) and PWV (7.8 ± 1.04 vs. 8.4 ± 1.61 m/s, p = 0.029) were both significantly higher amongst the women requiring pharmacological management, though these relationships did not remain significant in causal logistic regression. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal BMI at booking has a causal, rather than simply associational, relationship on the need for pharmacological treatment of GDM. No significant causal relationships were found between maternal haemodynamics and the need for pharmacological treatment.
Retinal and pregnancy outcomes in the presence of diabetic proliferative retinopathy.; The objective of this study was to examine the retinal and pregnancy outcomes of pregnancies complicated by advanced diabetic retinopathy. Twenty pregnancies complicated by advanced diabetic retinopathy were included in this retrospective study. The data were analyzed to determine trends in perinatal outcome and to document the ophthalmologic performance. Ophthalmologic management included frequent funduscopic examinations by ophthalmologists of the Yale Retina Center. Among the 20 pregnancies, spontaneous abortion occurred in 2 (10%) and stillbirth in 1 (5%); the remaining 17 (85%) pregnancies culminated in live births at a mean gestational age of 36 weeks (+/- 2.3 SD), with a mean birth weight of 2,620 g (+/- 834 SD). The perinatal survival rate was 94%. Photocoagulation therapy was necessary prior to pregnancy in 45%, during pregnancy in 60% and postpartum in 65%. No pregnancies were terminated because of progressive visual changes that did not respond to photocoagulation therapy. Retinal status should not preclude pregnancy since contemporary methods of management can result in satisfactory retinal and pregnancy outcomes even in the presence of advanced diabetic microvascular disease.
Maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes in pregnancy, delivery and postpartum following bariatric surgery and comparison with pregnant women with obesity: a study protocol for a prospective cohort.; BACKGROUND: Being obese can lead to various complications during pregnancy, such as Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), Pre-Eclampsia (PE), and Large Gestational Age (LGA). Although bariatric surgery is an effective way to treat obesity, it can also result in complications and may be linked to having small for gestational age (SGA) babies. This cohort study protocol aims to compare the maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes of two groups of Iranian pregnant women: those who have undergone bariatric surgery and those who are obese but have not had bariatric surgery. METHODS: In this study Pregnant women (< 14 weeks' gestation) (n = 38 per group) are recruited either from one of the obesity clinic (exposure group = with a history of bariatric surgery) or primary healthcare clinics in Tehran city (comparison group = pregnant women with obesity and and no history of bariatric surgery). Dietary intake and nutrient status are assessed at < 14, 28, and 36 weeks. Maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes are compared between the two groups, including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, preterm labor, intrauterine growth restriction, severe nausea and vomiting, abortion, placenta previa and abruption, venous thrombosis, vaginal bleeding, cesarean delivery, meconium aspiration, and respiratory distress. Maternal serum levels of ferritin, albumin, zinc, calcium, magnesium, selenium, copper, vitamins A, B9, B12, and 25-hydroxy Vit D are checked during 24th to 28th weeks. Maternal and neonatal outcomes, including height, weight, head circumference, fetal abnormality, infection, small or large fetus, low birth weight, macrosomia, NICU admission, and total weight gain during pregnancy, are measured at birth. Maternal and offspring outcomes, including weight, height, head circumference, total weight gain during pregnancy, newborn diseases, postpartum bleeding, breastfeeding, and related problems, are assessed 6 weeks after delivery. Child's weight, height, and head circumference are followed at 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, and 12 months after birth. Maternal stress, anxiety, and depression are assessed with the DASS-21 questionnaire, and physical activity is evaluated using the PPAQ questionnaire in the first and third trimesters. DISCUSSION: By assessing the levels of micronutrients in the blood of pregnant women along with the evaluation of pregnancy outcomes, it is feasible to gain a more accurate understanding of how bariatric surgery affects the health and potential complications for both the mother and the fetus/newborn. This information can help specialists and patients make more informed decisions about the surgery. Additionally, by examining issues such as stress, anxiety, and depression in women undergoing surgery, this study can contribute to recognizing these problems, which can also affect pregnancy outcomes.
Maternal Body Mass Index and Gestational Weight Gain and Their Association with Pregnancy Complications and Perinatal Conditions.; This study aimed to evaluate the impact of selected pregnancy pathologies statistically depending on overweight/obesity and excessive maternal weight gain during pregnancy on women who gave birth in the years 2013-2015 at the Second Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics at the University Hospital in Bratislava, Slovakia. In a retrospective study, we analyzed data gathered from the sample, which consisted of 7122 women. Our results suggest a statistically significant, higher risk for the groups of women with overweight and obesity and gestational hypertension (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) = 15.3; 95% CI 9.0-25.8 for obesity), preeclampsia (AOR = 3.4; 95% CI 1.9-6.0 for overweight and AOR = 13.2; 95% CI 7.7-22.5 for obesity), and gestational diabetes mellitus (AOR = 1.9; 95% CI 1.2-2.9 for overweight and AOR = 2.4; 95% CI 1.4-4.0 for obesity). A higher incidence of pregnancies terminated by cesarean section was observed in the group of obese women. Gestational weight gain above IOM (Institute of Medicine) recommendations was associated with a higher risk of pregnancy terminated by C-section (AOR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.0-1.3), gestational hypertension (AOR = 1.7; 95% CI 1.0-2.7), and infant macrosomia (AOR = 1.7; 95% CI 1.3-2.1). Overweight and obesity during pregnancy significantly contribute to the development of pregnancy pathologies and increased incidence of cesarean section. Systematic efforts to reduce weight before pregnancy through prepregnancy dietary counseling, regular physical activity, and healthy lifestyle should be the primary goal.
Impaired microvascular reactivity in gestational diabetes is associated with altered glycemic parameters.; OBJECTIVES: To assess microvascular reactivity and glycemic parameters in GDM compared to age and GA matched controls. METHODS: This study involved 21 GDM patients and 31 controls. Microvascular reactivity was assessed using LDF and PORH. Microvascular parameters; PORH(max) , PORH(peak) , and time to peak perfusion (Tp) were recorded after the release of 3 minutes' upper arm occlusion. HOMA-IR was performed to evaluate insulin resistance. RESULTS: Average age and GA for subjects were 32.9 years and 29.2 weeks. Mean FBG and a 2-hour postprandial for GDM and controls were 4.87 ± 0.71 vs 3.99 ± 0.59 mmol/L; P < 0.001 and 9.50 ± 1.8 vs 5.67 ± 1.0 mmol/L; P < 0.001. Fasting insulin (13.88 ± 18.9 vs 8.37 ± 11.0 μLU/mL; P = 0.031) and HOMA-IR (3.14 ± 4.6 vs 1.52 ± 2.2; P = 0.004) were higher in GDM. Tp was prolonged in GDM (16.27 ± 4.3 vs 13.86 ± 2.1 seconds; P = 0.011). Positive correlations were seen between Tp and FBG and 2-hour postprandial levels. CONCLUSION: Tp was prolonged in GDM compared to age-matched controls, indicating impaired microvascular reactivity.
Phosphorylated insulin-like growth factor binding protein 1 is increased in pregnant diabetic subjects.; During pregnancy, IGFs and their binding proteins (IGFBPs) are important for the growth of fetal and maternal tissues. IGFBP-1 normally circulates as a single, highly phosphorylated species (hpIGFBP-1). However, in pregnancy there are lesser phosphorylated isoforms (lpIGFBP-1) with decreased affinity for IGF-I, allowing for increased IGF bioavailability. Because regulation of IGFBP-1 is abnormal in type 1 diabetes, we examined the impact of this on IGFBP-1 and its phosphorylation status in diabetic pregnancy. We assessed IGFBP-1 in relation to birth weight, maternal weight gain, duration of diabetes, glycemic control, and the presence or absence of retinopathy in 44 diabetic and 11 nondiabetic subjects. We found that in type 1 diabetic patients there was a significant negative relationship between hpIGFBP-1 and birth weight (r = -0.42, P < 0.01) and between the ratio of hpIGFBP-1 to lpIGFBP-1 and birth weight (r = -0.38, P = 0.02) by week 18 of gestation. Multiple regression analysis confirmed that hpIGFBP-1 was the best single predictor of birth weight (R2 = 0.3, P = 0.001) in diabetic subjects using models including other parameters known to influence fetal size. In contrast to hpIGFBP-1 levels, lpIGFBP-1 levels were not associated with birth weight, but were significantly related to initial maternal BMI and maternal weight throughout gestation in diabetic subjects (r = -0.57, P < 0.001). hpIGFBP-1 levels were positively related to duration of diabetes (r = 0.38, P < 0.01). Diabetic subjects had significantly higher hpIGFBP-1 and lpIGFBP-1 levels than nondiabetic subjects (hpIGFBP-1: 215 +/- 21 vs. 108 +/- 13 microg/l, P = 0.01; lpIGFBP-1: 139 +/- 12 vs. 66 +/- 5 microg/l, P < 0.001), but the ratio of hpIGFBP-1 to lpIGFBP-1 was similar in both groups (2.1 +/- 0.3 [diabetic] vs. 1.7 +/- 0.2 [nondiabetic], NS). In summary, maternal IGFBP-1 levels were higher in diabetic than in normal pregnancies. Diabetic subjects with prolonged duration of diabetes and retinopathy had higher total IGFBP-1 levels than those with shorter disease duration. Thus hpIGFBP-1 in diabetic pregnancy is positively related to the duration of diabetes and inversely related to fetal growth, with lpIGFBP-1 being related to maternal weight and BMI. The ratio of hpIGFBP-1 to lpIGFBP-1 may be a more robust indicator of fetal outcome, since it was consistent between diabetic and nondiabetic subjects. Measurement of the different phosphorylated isoforms of IGFBP-1 may increase the usefulness of IGFBP-1 as a predictor of fetal growth in both normal and diabetic pregnancy.
Cord coiling, umbilical cord insertion and placental shape in an unselected cohort delivering at term: relationship with common obstetric outcomes.; BACKGROUND: The position of the placental cord insertion, its shape and cord coiling are thought to be associated with perinatal outcome. This study derives indices describing the relationship of cord insertion to the placental centre, the shape of the placenta and cord coiling in placentas from unselected term pregnancies. Further, we investigate these indices in pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia (PET), pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and delivery of a small for gestational age (SGA) baby. DESIGN/METHODOLOGY: Eight hundred and sixty one unselected women with singleton pregnancy delivering at 37-42 weeks were prospectively recruited to this study. Placental axes and their relationship with the cord insertion were measured using digital photography and proprietary software. From these, the cord centrality (distance of umbilical cord insertion from the centre) and placental eccentricity (deviation of the placental shape from circular) were derived. The cord coiling index (number of coils in the cord divided by the length of cord in cm) was also calculated from manual measurements. RESULTS: The mean value of cord centrality index was 0.36 (SD = 0.21) and of placental eccentricity 0.49 (SD = 0.17). Left direction of umbilical cord coiling was more common than right (79% vs 16.4%) The mean cord coiling index was 0.20 (SD = 0.09) coils/cm. The indices were constant between 37 and 42 weeks and were no different in the non-affected population compared to women with pre-eclampsia (n = 17), PIH, (n = 27), GDM (n = 38) or delivery of an SGA baby (n = 54). CONCLUSION: The cord centrality index that we derive suggests that the cord insertion is most commonly 'off centre', and eccentricity index that the placental shape is elliptical. Therefore, contrary to widely held belief, the cord does not normally insert centrally nor is the placenta normally round in shape. There is a preponderance of left sided coiling. There was no difference for any of the indices between the non-affected pregnancies and pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia, PIH, GDM and SGA.
Is fetal macrosomia related to blood pressure among adolescents? A birth cohort study in China.; Birth weight (BW) has effects on blood pressure (BP). In order to explore the effects of macrosomia on BP in childhood and in adolescence, a longitudinal cohort study was conducted in Wuxi, China. Subjects with BW ≥4000 g, born in 1993-1995, were the exposed group; the unexposed comparisons were matched by year of birth and sex of infant, with BW of 2500-4000 g. Follow-ups in 2005-6 and 2011-12 were conducted, and height, weight and BP were measured by trained doctors. Multi-mixed models in SAS were used to control for repeated measures to explore the effects of fetal macrosomia on BP. At the inception of the cohort, 1595 pairs of participants were recruited. At the end, 1112 in the exposed group and 1126 in the unexposed group finished both follow-ups. Among adolescents, mean (s.d.) of systolic BP (SBP) was 110.83 (9.43)  mm  Hg, which was statistically significantly higher than that in the unexposed group (mean ± s.d.: 109.33 ± 9.26)  mm  Hg (P=0.0002). After adjusting the repeated measures and birth year, sex, mother's occupation and delivery age, adding weight during pregnancy, hypertension during delivery, gestational age and parity, being a picky eater in childhood, the macrosomia group had higher SBP than the normal BW group; the parameter estimate value was 1.03 (s.e.=0.30). When BMI in childhood and BMI in adolescence were added in the multi-model, the estimated β was 0.71 (s.e.=0.29). No statistically significant effect of macrosomia was found on diastolic BP among adolescents in the multianalysis.
Maternal androgen excess increases the risk of pre-diabetes mellitus in male offspring in later life: a long-term population-based follow-up study.; PURPOSE: Prenatal androgen exposure could be a source of early programming, leading to the development of cardiometabolic diseases in later life. In this study, we aimed to examine cardiometabolic disturbances in males exposed to maternal androgen excess during their prenatal life. METHODS: In this prospective population-based study, 409 male offspring with maternal hyperandrogenism (MHA), and 954 male offspring without MHA, as controls, were included. Both groups of male offspring were followed from the baseline to the date of the incidence of events, censoring, or end of the study period, whichever came first. Age-scaled unadjusted and adjusted Cox regression models were applied to assess the hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the association between MHA with pre-diabetes mellitus (Pre-DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), pre-hypertension (Pre-HTN), hypertension (HTN), dyslipidemia, overweight, and obesity in the offspring of both groups. Statistical analysis was performed using the STATA software package; the significance level was set at P < 0.05. RESULTS: A higher risk of Pre-DM (adjusted HR: 1.46 (1.20, 1.78)) was observed in male offspring with MHA after adjustment for potential confounders, including body mass index, education, and physical activity. However, no significant differences were observed in the risk of T2DM, Pre-HTN, HTN, dyslipidemia, overweight, and obesity in males with MHA compared to controls in both the unadjusted and adjusted models. CONCLUSION: Maternal androgen excess increases the risk of Pre-DM in male offspring in later life. More longitudinal studies with long enough follow-up are needed to clarify the effects of MHA on the cardiometabolic risk factors of male offspring in later life.
Exposure to Chloramine and Chloroform in Tap Water and Adverse Perinatal Outcomes in Shanghai.; Chloramine and chloroform are widespread in tap water due to water disinfection processes. This study was designed to explore the associations between trimester-specific exposure to chloramine and chloroform in tap water and adverse outcomes. This retrospective cohort study included 109,182 mother-infant singleton pairs in Shanghai. A logistic regression model was used to evaluate the associations of chloramine and chloroform concentrations averaged over the whole pregnancy and in each trimester with adverse outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertensive disorders (GHD), low birthweight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA), preterm birth (PTB) and prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM). The use of tap water with elevated chloramine levels in the first trimester was associated with GDM (OR = 1.06, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.09), while that in the second trimester was related to GHD (OR = 1.13, 95% CI: 1.09, 1.17). Chloroform levels in the third trimester were associated with LBW (OR = 1.13, 95% CI: 1.09, 1.16), PTB (OR = 1.05, 95% CI: 1.01, 1.08) and PROM (OR = 1.01, 95% CI: 1.00, 1.01). However, tap water chloroform exposure in the second trimester was negatively associated with LBW (OR = 0.95, 95% CI: 0.93, 0.98) and PTB (OR = 0.97, 95% CI: 0.94, 0.99). In conclusion, there are probably no casual associations between current tap water chloroform and chloramine levels and perinatal outcomes. However, more research focusing on the effect of chloramine and chloroform on perinatal outcomes are still warranted.
Effects of chronic hyperglycemia on electrocortical activity states in unanesthetized fetal lambs.; Electrocortical activity (ECoG), tracheal pressure and nuchal muscle activity were recorded in utero in 8 chronically hyperglycemic and 10 control unanesthetized fetal lambs to investigate the effects of chronic hyperglycemia on fetal electrocortical activity states. The chronically hyperglycemic state, induced by alloxan administered to the ewes, existed for at least 40 days prior to the experiments. The mean duration of episodes of high voltage (HV) ECoG was significantly increased in the hyperglycemic group (mean +/- SD: 21.8 +/- 9.2 min) compared with the control group (14.8 +/- 3.3 min), but the incidence of low voltage (LV) ECoG was not different between the groups. ECoG power spectra were not different between the groups. During LV ECoG, the proportions of time with neck movements were significantly less in the hyperglycemic than in the control group. No difference in percentages of time with long neck muscle activity was seen during the HV state in both groups. The incidence of breathing movements was equal in both groups, during HV as well as LV ECoG. No differences in breathing interval were observed.
Hypertensive disorders during pregnancy in gestational diabetic women.; Gestational diabetes is often compounded by hypertensive disease of pregnancy. Women diagnosed as suffering from gestational diabetes were subdivided into two groups: those found to be suffering from some form of hypertension during their pregnancy [n = 78]; and those who did not develop hypertension [n = 345]. The maternal characteristics and perinatal outcome of the two groups were statistically correlated. The results show that obesity was the only statistically significant correlate, and that obstetric outcome more often required planned delivery by induction of labour or caesarean section. The infant was more likely to be delivered prematurely. While the perinatal morbidity did not show any significant differences, this was only because of the more active intervention policy in these women.
Predictors of cerebral venous thrombosis and arterial ischemic stroke in young Asian women.; The management and outcome of cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) may be different from that of arterial ischemic stroke (AIS). Clinically differentiating the 2 diseases on clinical grounds may be difficult. The main objective of this study was to identify predictors differentiating CVT from AIS in a large cohort of young Asian women, based on risk factors and investigations. Twelve centers in 8 Asian countries participated. Women aged 15-45 years were included if they had a diagnosis of first-ever symptomatic AIS or CVT confirmed by brain computed tomography scan or magnetic resonance imaging/magnetic resonance venography. Patients with head trauma, cerebral contusions, intracranial hemorrhage, and subarachnoid or subdural hemorrhage were excluded. Data, including demographic data, risk factor assessment, neuroimaging studies, blood tests, and cardiac studies, were collected by retrospective and then prospective chart review between January 2001 and July 2008. Outcome was based on the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score at admission, discharge, and latest follow-up. A total of 958 patients (204 with CVT and 754 with AIS) were included in the study. Age under 36 years, anemia, pregnancy or postpartum state, and presence of hemorrhagic infarcts on computed tomography scan or magnetic resonance imaging were significant predictors of CVT on univariate analysis. Age over 36 years, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, recent myocardial infarction, electrocardiogram abnormalities, and blood glucose level >150 mg/dL were strong predictors of AIS. On multivariate analysis, postpartum state and hemorrhagic infarct were the strongest predictors of CVT (P < .001). Mortality was comparable in the 2 patient groups. Prognosis was significantly better for patients with CVT than for those with AIS (mRS score 0-2, 74% v 46%; P < .001). There was no difference in outcome between patients with obstetric and nonobstetric CVT. Our data indicate that in young Asian women, predictors of CVT differ from those for AIS. These findings could be useful in the early identification and diagnosis of patients with CVT.
[Cardiomegaly in heart rhythm disorder in a newborn infant with diabetic fetopathy].; Report on a newborn with diabetic fetopathia and a temporary 4 : 1 bloc probably due to abnormal storage of glycogen within the heart muscle cells within a visceromegaly. The symptoms disappeared after 12 hours, the visceromegaly (heart, liver) within 7 days. The suspicion of a vitium cordis congenitum could not be confirmed in the first two years of life in repeated examinations. In the first day of life there was a reactive hyperinsulinemia and deviations of the blood glucose level between 10.5 and 1.38 mmol/l. The volume of urine had a tendency to subnormal. There was a slight edema, but no polyuria, which is to been in diabetic fetopathia of the newborn caused by increased excretion of water from storage tissues.
Impact of physical activity on course and outcome of pregnancy from pre- to postnatal.; A healthy lifestyle that includes physical activity has numerous positive effects on the mother and child during and after pregnancy. In this context physical activity plays a central role due to its influence on body composition. While visceral fatty tissue has a pro-inflammatory effect via so-called adipokines, myokines seem to have a more anti-inflammatory effect and thus prevent numerous diseases such as gestational hypertension or gestational diabetes. However, many women show a decreased level of physical activity during pregnancy when compared to pre-gestation levels. The reasons underlying this change are manifold and include concern about the effects of physical exertion on the unborn child. Gynaecologists and midwives are also often uncertain about what specific advice to give regarding physical activity. The present review describes, besides the underlying mechanisms, current physical activity recommendations and corresponding evidence with a focus on weight development in terms of obesity, gestational diabetes and foetal outcome.
Chronic hypertension in gestational diabetes: influence on pregnancy outcome.; Our objective was to study the influence of chronic hypertension on pregnancy outcome in women with gestational diabetes (GDM). 418 women with GDM (30 with chronic hypertension and 388 nonhypertensives) were referred to our diabetes in pregnancy program. All patients were followed and assessed biweekly until delivery. When hypertensive GDM women (n = 30) wer compared to all nonhypertensive GDM (n = 388), there were significant (p < 0.05) differences in mean maternal age (34 +/- 4.1 vs. 30 +/- 4.6 years), maternal weight (90 +/- 21.2 vs. 70.6 +/- 14.9 kg) and gestational age at delivery (38.5 +/- 1.2 vs. 39.6 +/- 1.2 weeks). The mean birth weight for the hypertensive GDM group was significantly higher than that of the nonhypertensive GDM (3,360 +/- 578 vs. 3,293 +/- 581 g; p < 0.05). The frequencies of LGA (23.3 vs. 9.8%) and induction prior to onset of spontaneous labor were significantly (p < 0.05) higher in the hypertensive GDM group when compared to the nonhypertensive GDM. There were no differences with respect to the average blood glucose and frequencies of SGA deliveries. However, when the 30 hypertensive GDM pregnancies were compared to a control group of 60 nonhypertensive GDM women matched for age, weight and height, the only significant difference was a higher rate of inductions of labor (36.7 vs. 6.6%, p < 0.05) in hypertensive diabetic women. There were no significant differences in the incidence of LGA, low Apgar scores and SGA deliveries when hypertensive GDM were compared to nonhypertensive GDM women.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Long-Term Maternal Metabolic and Cardiovascular Phenotypes after a Pregnancy Complicated by Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Obesity.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity with metabolic and cardiovascular markers 5 to 10 years after pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of 5- to 10-year follow-up study of a mild GDM treatment trial and concurrent observational cohort of participants ineligible for the trial with abnormal 1-hour glucose challenge test only. Participants with 2-hour glucose tolerance test at follow-up were included. The primary exposures were mild GDM and obesity. The outcomes were insulinogenic index (IGI), 1/homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and cardiovascular markers vascular endothelial growth factor, (VEGF), vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), cluster of differentiation 40 ligand (CD40L), growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15), and suppression of tumorgenesis 2 (ST-2). Multivariable linear regression estimated the association of GDM and obesity with biomarkers. RESULTS: Of 951 participants in the parent study, 642 (68%) were included. Lower 1/HOMA-IR were observed in treated and untreated GDM groups, compared with non-GDM (mean differences, -0.24 and -0.15; 95% confidence intervals [CIs], -0.36 to -0.12 and -0.28 to -0.03, respectively). Lower VCAM-1 (angiogenesis) was observed in treated GDM group (mean difference, -0.11; 95% CI, -0.19 to -0.03). GDM was not associated with IGI or other biomarkers. Obesity was associated with lower 1/HOMA-IR (mean difference, -0.42; 95% CI, -0.52 to -0.32), but not other biomarkers. CONCLUSION: Prior GDM and obesity are associated with more insulin resistance but not insulin secretion or consistent cardiovascular dysfunction 5 to 10 years after delivery. KEY POINTS: · Mild GDM increases the risk of insulin resistance 5 to 10 years postpartum but not pancreatic dysfunction.. · Obesity increases the risk of insulin resistance 5 to 10 years postpartum but not pancreatic dysfunction.. · Neither mild GDM nor obesity increased the risk of cardiovascular dysfunction 5 to 10 years postpartum..
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate indices during oral glucose tolerance test.; AIMS: To study the effect of maternal glucose ingestion during a 100 g oral glucose tolerance test on fetal heart rate indices. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective study including 50 pregnant patients with an abnormal glucose challenge test who underwent a 100 g glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks gestation. Fetal heart rate was recorded and analyzed with the computerized Sonicaid Fetal Monitor System (Oxford 8000). RESULTS: Baseline fetal heart rate significantly increased 120 and 180 minutes following glucose ingestion (p < 0.05) both in patients who were subsequently diagnosed to have gestational diabetes and in these in whom the diagnosis was excluded. No significant changes were noted in other fetal heart indices. CONCLUSIONS: The significant and consistent increase in baseline fetal heart rate following maternal glucose ingestion indicates that the fetus responds to changes in its' environment. The exact mechanism which causes this response has yet to be defined.
Elevated neonatal insulin-like growth factor I is associated with fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine if fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) or cardiac dysfunction is associated with elevated maternal or neonatal insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I levels in women with diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: In a prospective cohort study, fetal echocardiogram findings at 36 weeks' gestation in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus were compared to those in women without diabetes mellitus. HCM was defined as septal or free wall thickness ≥5 mm and cardiac dysfunction as a modified myocardial performance index ≥0.43. Cord serum IGF-I levels at delivery were measured with enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Neonates with abnormal fetal echocardiogram were followed up until resolution or 6 months of life. RESULTS: In all, 75 participants completed fetal echocardiography (55 diabetics and 20 controls). In the diabetic group, 33 of 55 (60%) had abnormal fetal echocardiograms with cardiac dysfunction in 21 of 55 (38.2%) and HCM in 8 of 55 (14.5%) and both in 4 of 55 (7.3%). At 6 months of age, 1 of 12 (8%) had persistent HCM. None in the comparison group had abnormal findings. There were no significant clinical differences in those diabetic women with normal vs abnormal fetal echocardiograms. However, among diabetic women, mean neonatal IGF-I was significantly higher in fetuses with HCM (80 ± 16 ng/mL) as compared to those without HCM (61 ± 18 ng/mL), (P < .001). CONCLUSION: Elevated neonatal IGF-I appears to be associated with fetal HCM in fetuses of diabetic women.
Prevalence of diabetes in people aged ≥ 30 years: the results of screen-ing program of Yazd Province, Iran, in 2012.; BACKGROUND: Among the non-communicable diseases, diabetes mellitus has an important ranking and with annually increasing rate where it is expected the number of people suffering from the disease will reach to 300 million up to 2025 in all of world. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes in Iran is 4-4.5% and in population aged above 30 years is greater than 14%. The present study is attempting to find out the prevalence rate of the disease and its risk factors in Yazd Province, central Iran. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was carried out in 2012.  A total of 14993 subjects were randomly selected and enquired by a pretested questionnaire. Data were analyzed by descriptive statistics and appropriate statistical tests such as chi-square, and multiple logistic regressions. RESULTS: The prevalence rate of known diabetes and impaired fasting glucose was 16.3% & 11.9% respectively. Age, sex, family history of diabetes, high blood pressure, BMI, and history of gestational diabetes were significantly associated with diabetes disease (P=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence rate of diabetes is higher than other parts of the world and living in the city. Female gender, increasing age, high blood pressure, increased BMI and positive family history, are independent risk factor for diabetes, therefore performing prevention programs and controlling these high risk groups should be considered as a priority.
Varying brain insulin concentrations differentially regulate the fetal brain insulin receptor.; We investigated the downregulating effect of varying states (physiologic and pharmacologic) of systemic and intracranial hyperinsulinism on the 28 to 30 day fetal rabbit brain insulin receptor. Alloxan-induced maternal diabetes (n = 5) produced mild fetal hyperinsulinemia (D) (plasma insulin concentrations = 59.80 +/- 8.10 microU/ml, control = 26.25 +/- 3.70; p less than 0.01), whereas systemic administration (IMI) of 1.0 U (n = 4) and 2.0 U (n = 4) of insulin to the fetus resulted in moderate (103.13 +/- 34.63 microU/ml) and severe (288.3 +/- 51 microU/ml) fetal hyperinsulinemia respectively. All three states of systemic hyperinsulinemia neither altered the fetal brain insulin content nor the brain insulin receptor number and affinity. 0.01 U (n = 4) of intracranial insulin administration (ICI) increased the brain insulin content four-fold (p less than 0.01) but did not alter the brain insulin receptor number or affinity. 0.1 (n = 5) and 2.0 U (n = 7) of intracranial insulin increased the brain insulin content to supraphysiologic concentrations (p less than 0.01) and decreased the fetal brain insulin receptor number (p less than 0.01), the affinity remaining constant. We conclude that 1) regardless of the ability of insulin to cross the blood brain barrier, the downregulation of the brain insulin receptor is insulin dose-dependent and 2) the downregulation of the fetal brain insulin receptor is not a physiologic but a pharmacologic effect of insulin.
ATLANTIC DIP: pregnancy outcomes for women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes.; ATLANTIC DIP prospectively evaluated the perinatal and maternal outcomes of pregnancies complicated by Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes during 2006/2007 in 5 antenatal centres. All women with established diabetes for at least 6 months prior to the index pregnancy and booking for antenatal care between 1/1/2006 and 31/12/2007 were included in the study. Results were collected electronically via the DIAMOND Diabetes Information System. Pregnancy outcome was compared with that of the background population receiving antenatal care in the region during the same time. There were 104 singleton pregnancies during the period of study. The stillbirth rate (SBR) of 25/1000 was 5 times greater than that reported in the background population at 5/1000 and the perinatal mortality rate (PMR) of 25/1000 was 3.5 times greater than background 7/1000. The congenital malformation rate (CMR) of 24/1000 was twice that observed in the background population. Women were not well prepared for pregnancy with 28% receiving pre pregnancy care (PPC), 43% receiving pre pregnancy folic acid and 51% achieving a HbA1C < = 7% at first antenatal visit. Pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) and/or pre eclampsia toxaemia (PET) were three times more common than in women in the background population. In conclusion women are not well prepared for pregnancy. Maternal and infant morbidity and infant mortality are greater in women with diabetes. A regional pre pregnancy care (PPC) programme and centralised glucose management are urgently needed.
Screening for diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy using photographic review clinics.; AIMS: To assess the efficacy and value of the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence guidelines for digital photographic screening for diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy using photographic review clinics. METHODS: Pregnant patients (n = 186) with known diabetes were screened at first antenatal visit and at 28 weeks' gestation, if no retinopathy was noted at first visit, or at other intervals if retinopathy was present. Two 45° images (disc-centred and macula-centred views) were taken in both eyes and graded by trained graders and by an ophthalmologist. RESULTS: Ninety-three patients (50%) remained free of diabetic retinopathy throughout pregnancy. Eighteen (10%) presented with sight-threatening retinopathy at their first antenatal screen and were referred to the hospital eye service. Fifty patients (27%) were shown to have relatively stable retinopathy throughout pregnancy, with only two patients deteriorating and requiring referral to hospital eye service. Twenty-three (12%) failed to complete the screening protocol after their first screen. CONCLUSIONS: The study showed that pregnant patients screened for retinopathy in an ophthalmic photographic diabetic review clinic achieved National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence guidelines in the majority and were clinically safe. Only 1% of patients required referral to ophthalmology after their initial screen, thus avoiding unnecessary hospital eye service appointments.
[Relationship of adverse pregnancy outcomes and a high risk serum screen for Down syndrome in the second trimester].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the the relationship of a high risk serum screen for Down syndrome in second trimester and adverse pregnancy outcomes, and to evaluate the predictive value for adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: The tri-marker second trimester maternal serum screening for Down syndrome (alpha-fetoprotein, free beta-hCG and unconjugated estriol) was performed on the pregnant women at Peking Union Medical Hospital from January 2009 to January 2011. The cutoff valvue was 1/270. Pregnancy outcomes were followed up. The general condition and pregnancy complications of the pregnant women with high risk (high-risk group) were compared to that of the pregnant women with low risk (low-risk group); and with 35 years old as a demarcation, the incidences of adverse pregnancy outcomes were calculated in the two groups. RESULTS: (1) A total of 1935 cases were collected. And 1784 cases were with low risk, and 151 cases were with high risk. The difference of weight and gestational age between the two groups was not statistically significant (P > 0.05); the difference of age between the two groups was statistically significant (P < 0.01). (2) Pregnancy complications were found in 791 cases. In high-risk group, the incidences of gestational diaetes mellitus (GDM, 13.9%), neonatal asphyxia (4.0%) and small for gestational age infant (SGA, 4.6%) were higher than that in low-risk group (8.4%, 1.0%, 1.6%), the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). The incidences of gestational hypertension disease, premature labor, oligohydramnios, placenta previa, placenta abruption, fetal macrosomia in the two groups was not statistically different (P > 0.05). (3) In 1705 cases aged less than 35 years, 129 cases (7.6%) were GDM, 43 cases (2.5%) were gestational hypertension disease, 61 cases (3.9%) were premature labor; in 230 cases aged 35 years or more, 41 cases (17.8%) were GDM, 12 cases (5.2%) were gestational hypertension disease, 15 cases (6.5%) were premature labor, and the difference between the two groups was statistically significant (P < 0.05). In < 35 years old group, the incidences of GDM, neonatal asphyxia and SGA (12.3%, 4.4%, 5.3%) were higher in the high-risk group than that (7.2%, 0.9%, 1.6%) in the low-risk group, and the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.05). In ≥ 35 years old group, the incidences of GDM, neonatal asphyxia and SGA (18.9%, 2.7%, 2.7%) were slightly higher in the high-risk group than that (17.6%, 1.6%, 1.6%) in the low-risk group, the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The present study revealed apparent increase in the adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with a high risk of Down syndrome screening test. Advanced age is the most important risk factor for a high risk of Down syndrome screening test and adverse pregnancy outcomes. More attention should be attached to the patients whose age were < 35 years old and with a high risk of Down syndrome screening test.
Effect of the interaction between advanced maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI on pre-eclampsia and GDM in Central China.; INTRODUCTION: To investigate the independent and combined effects of advanced maternal age and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) on the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Logistic regression models were used to estimate the OR and 95% CIs of pre-eclampsia and GDM with advanced maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI, respectively, and the interaction between advanced maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI. We also used causal mediation analysis to assess the mediating role of pre-pregnancy BMI on maternal age-pre-eclampsia/GDM associations. RESULTS: In this study, 788 cases (2.31%) were diagnosed with pre-eclampsia and 5430 cases (15.92%) were diagnosed with GDM. We found that advanced maternal age was associated with a higher risk for pre-eclampsia and GDM, with adjusted ORs (aORs) of 1.74 (95% CI 1.49-2.05) and 1.76 (95% CI 1.65-1.89) after adjusting for potential confounders, respectively. In addition, maternal pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity was associated with the risk of pre-eclampsia and GDM, with the corresponding aORs of 3.64 (95% CI 3.12-4.24) and 1.71 (95% CI 1.60-1.85), respectively. We also observed the interaction between maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI for the risk of pre-eclampsia/GDM (all p for interaction <0.001). In the mediating effect analysis, we found that maternal pre-pregnancy BMI mediated the associations between maternal age and the development of pre-eclampsia and GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Advanced maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI were respectively associated with the risk of pre-eclampsia/GDM, and there was an interaction between the two risk factors. In addition, we found that pre-pregnancy BMI served as a mediator of the association between advanced maternal age and the risk of pre-eclampsia/GDM, providing an essential target for the prevention of maternal overweight/obesity.
Self-Reported Oil Spill Exposure and Pregnancy Complications: The GROWH Study.; Adverse infant outcomes often rise in the aftermath of disaster, but few studies have assessed the effects of disaster on maternal health. 1091 southern Louisiana women were interviewed about their pregnancy history, including pregnancy complications. Associations between oil spill exposures and gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and nausea/vomiting were assessed for all reported pregnancies. 631 women had a pregnancy both before and after the oil spill. Generalized estimating equations (logistic regression) with adjustment for confounders were used. To assess possible unmeasured confounding, instead of considering oil spill exposure as a time-varying exposure, women were defined as oil spill-exposed or not. If oil spill-exposed women were equally prone to complications in pregnancies that occurred prior to the oil spill as after it, it was considered that any associations were likely due to selection or reporting issues. Women who reported oil spill exposure, particularly loss of use of the coast, were more likely to report gestational diabetes; however, the level of association was similar for pregnancies before and after the spill (p for interaction >0.10 and odds ratios (ORs) for pregnancies prior to the spill > than those after the spill). No associations were found between oil spill exposure and hypertensive disorders. This analysis does not suggest an increased risk of pregnancy complications associated with exposure to the oil spill; however, future studies should assess exposure and outcomes prospectively and clinically instead of relying on self-report.
Retinal blood flow changes during pregnancy in women with diabetes.; PURPOSE: To study retinal blood flow (RBF) during pregnancy in subjects with and without diabetes and to relate the changes to progression in diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: RBF in a major temporal retinal vein was measured, where possible, during all three trimesters (T1 to T3) and the postpartum period (PP) using laser Doppler velocimetry (measuring velocity [V]) and monochromatic fundus photographs (measuring diameter [D]). RESULTS: In the subjects without diabetes (n = 19), no significant change in RBF was demonstrated. V was significantly greater in T3 than in PP (P = 0.01). D was significantly smaller in T1 to T3 than in PP (P < or = 0.01). RBF in the subjects with diabetes was significantly higher in T2 and T3 than in PP (P < 0.05). V increased from T1 to T2 (P = 0.04) and decreased from T2 to PP (P = 0.001) and from T3 to PP (P = 0.002). The only significant change in D was a smaller value in T1 than in PP (P = 0.003). However, it was only those subjects whose DR progressed (n = 11) who had a significant increase in RBF during pregnancy (P = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that the hyperdynamic circulation present in pregnancy led to compensatory retinal vessel constriction (autoregulation) in the group without diabetes; this was largely absent in the patients with diabetes, with resultant increase in retinal blood flow associated with worsening retinopathy. This finding lends further support to the hypothesis that increased retinal blood flow is a pathogenic mechanism for diabetic retinopathy.
Associations of maternal diabetes mellitus and adiponectin gene polymorphisms with congenital heart disease in offspring: A case-control study.; This study aimed at assessing the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), the adiponectin gene (APM1) gene polymorphisms, and their interactions with risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring.A case-control study of 464 mothers of CHD patients and 504 mothers of healthy children was conducted.After adjusting for potential confounding factors, our study suggested that mothers with gestational DM (GDM) during this pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR = 2.96]), GDM in previous pregnancy experiences (aOR = 3.16), and pregestational DM in the 3 months before this pregnancy (aOR = 4.52) were at a significantly higher risk of CHD in offspring, when compared with those without any diabetes. The polymorphisms of maternal APM1 gene at rs1501299 (T/T vs G/G: aOR = 3.45; T/G vs G/G: aOR = 1.73) and rs2241766 (G/G vs T/T, aOR = 3.36; G/T vs T/T, aOR = 1.93) were significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring. In addition, significant interactions between maternal DM and the APM1 genetic variants on the development of CHD were found.Our findings indicate that maternal DM, APM1 gene genetic variants, and their interactions are significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring. However, more studies in different ethnic populations and with a larger sample and prospective design are required to confirm our findings.
Rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular complications during delivery: a United States inpatient analysis.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Persons with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications, as well as long-term cardiovascular (CV) risk. Hence, the aim was to evaluate the association of RA with acute CV complications during delivery admissions. METHODS: Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019) were queried utilizing ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and a diagnosis of RA. RESULTS: A total of 12 789 722 delivery hospitalizations were identified, of which 0.1% were among persons with RA (n = 11 979). Individuals with RA, vs. those without, were older (median 31 vs. 28 years, P < .01) and had a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, and dyslipidaemia (P < .01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, RA remained an independent risk factor for peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.37 (95% confidence interval 1.27-1.47)], peripartum cardiomyopathy [aOR 2.10 (1.11-3.99)], and arrhythmias [aOR 2.00 (1.68-2.38)] compared with no RA. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury and venous thromboembolism was higher with RA. An overall increasing trend of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and acute CV complications was also observed among individuals with RA from 2004-2019. For resource utilization, length of stay and cost of hospitalization were higher for deliveries among persons with RA. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant persons with RA had higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arrhythmias, acute kidney injury, and venous thromboembolism during delivery hospitalizations. Furthermore, cardiometabolic risk factors among pregnant individuals with RA rose over this 15-year period.
Dietary patterns in obese pregnant women; influence of a behavioral intervention of diet and physical activity in the UPBEAT randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Understanding dietary patterns in obese pregnant women will inform future intervention strategies to improve pregnancy outcomes and the health of the child. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a behavioral intervention of diet and physical activity advice on dietary patterns in obese pregnant woman participating in the UPBEAT study, and to explore associations of dietary patterns with pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: In the UPBEAT randomized controlled trial, pregnant obese women from eight UK multi-ethnic, inner-city populations were randomly assigned to receive a diet/physical activity intervention or standard antenatal care. The dietary intervention aimed to reduce glycemic load and saturated fat intake. Diet was assessed using a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) at baseline (15(+0)-18(+6) weeks' gestation), post intervention (27(+0)-28(+6) weeks) and in late pregnancy (34(+0)-36(+0) weeks). Dietary patterns were characterized using factor analysis of the baseline FFQ data, and changes compared in the control and intervention arms. Patterns were related to pregnancy outcomes in the combined control/intervention cohort (n = 1023). RESULTS: Four distinct baseline dietary patterns were defined; Fruit and vegetables, African/Caribbean, Processed, and Snacks, which were differently associated with social and demographic factors. The UPBEAT intervention significantly reduced the Processed (-0.14; 95% CI -0.19, -0.08, P <0.0001) and Snacks (-0.24; 95% CI -0.31, -0.17, P <0.0001) pattern scores. In the adjusted model, baseline scores for the African/Caribbean (quartile 4 compared with quartile 1: OR = 2.46; 95% CI 1.41, 4.30) and Processed (quartile 4 compared with quartile 1: OR = 2.05; 95% CI 1.23, 3.41) patterns in the entire cohort were associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: In a diverse cohort of obese pregnant women an intensive dietary intervention improved Processed and Snack dietary pattern scores. African/Caribbean and Processed patterns were associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes, and provide potential targets for future interventions. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current controlled trials; ISRCTN89971375.
Absence of capillary microangiopathy in oral contraceptive users with glucose intolerance.; The possible vascular hazard associated with carbohydrate intolerance produced by long-term use of oral contraceptives was investigated by examining the capillary basement membrane thickness in quadriceps muscle biopsies, a highly sensitive and reliable indicator of diabetic microangiopathy. The average basement thickness of 18 long-term (4-9 years) contraceptive users with diminished carbohydrate tolerance was 1644 A, compared to normal pregnant women (1711 A) prediabetic pregnant women (1854 A), and overt diabetic women (2593 A). Contraceptive steroid-induced carbohydrate intolerance appears to carry little, if any, increased risk for the development of diabetic vascular disease, even as assessed by the sensitive electron microscopic technique.
Serum concentrations of pregnancy-associated alpha-2-glycoprotein in diabetic pregnancy complicated by nonfulminant and fulminant proliferative retinopathy.; The pregnancy zone protein serum concentration in normal pregnancy reaches its peak at about the 24th week. High serum PZ concentrations are significantly more frequent among pregnant diabetic patients without proliferative retinopathy. In contrast, the mean values in mothers with diabetes mellitus complicated by proliferative retinopathy continue to decrease. A very low limit of 150 mg/l was achieved more frequently in diabetic pregnancy complicated by fulminant proliferative retinopathy. Measurement of serum PZ levels in diabetic pregnancy might help to predict the risk of progressive retinopathy.
Augmentation of diabetes-associated renal hyperfiltration and nitric oxide production by pregnancy in rats.; We tested the hypothesis that pregnancy might increase diabetes-associated nitric oxide (NO) production and renal hyperfiltration. Two weeks following i.v. streptozotocin (40 mg/kg), mean arterial pressure (MAP) was not modified by diabetes; glomerular filtration rate (GFR), renal plasma flow (RPF) and filtration fraction (FF) were higher in pregnant than in virgin controls and increased by diabetes to a greater extent in pregnant than in virgin rats. Urinary volume (UV), creatinine, albumin and sodium (UNaV) were significantly increased by diabetes. Diabetes led to an increase in renal, cardiac, aortic and uterine but not in placental NO synthase activities. Infusion of NG-nitro-l-arginine (l-NA) caused a dose-dependent reduction in GFR, RPF, plasma NO2-/NO3-, UV and UNaV; in general, diabetes increased these effects to a greater extent in pregnant than in virgin rats. l-NA increased MAP in all groups of rats but did not alter FF. Diabetes did not alter responses of thoracic aorta rings to vasoconstrictor effects of phenylephrine and the vasorelaxant effects of sodium nitroprusside but increased endothelium-dependent relaxant effects of acetylcholine. In general the effects of diabetes of 7 days duration were similar to those described above for diabetes of 14 days duration. These data suggest that diabetes-associated renal hyperfiltration and NO production are augmented by pregnancy.
Beta-cell hyperplasia in macrosomic infants and fetuses of nondiabetic mothers.; The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers have beta-cell hyperplasia in their pancreases. Pancreatic tissues were examined from 10 macrosomic fetuses and liveborn infants and from 10 comparison cases matched for gestational age and gender. None of the mothers had a history of diabetes and all had normal glucose screening during pregnancy. Tissues were stained with hematoxylin and eosin and a monoclonal antibody against beta cells and were analyzed using an image analysis program to evaluate the size and surface area of beta-cell clusters. Brain/liver weight ratios were calculated and compared. The total surface area and cluster size of beta cells in the pancreases of macrosomic subjects were significantly larger than in the comparison pancreases. The study subjects lacked macroscopic and histopathologic findings expected in infants of diabetic mothers. We conclude that some macrosomic fetuses and infants of nondiabetic mothers manifest beta-cell hyperplasia. This corresponds to the higher insulin levels in macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers described in previous clinical studies. In macrosomic fetuses the stimulus for beta-cell hyperplasia may not involve aberrant maternal glucose levels.
Maternal bipolar disorder increased low birthweight and preterm births: a nationwide population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate pregnancy outcomes, including low birthweight, preterm births, and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) among women with bipolar disorder, schizophrenia compared with women with no history of mental illness using nationwide population-based data. METHODS: This study linked the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset with the national birth certificate registry. A total of 528,398 singleton births between 2001 and 2003 were included; 337 were diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were carried out to examine the relationship between maternal bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and the odds of low birthweight, preterm births, and SGA, after adjusting for characteristics of infant, mother and father. RESULTS: It shows that pregnant women with bipolar disorder were more likely to have LBW infants (9.8% vs. 5.7%), preterm births (14.2% vs. 6.9%) and SGA (22.3% vs. 15.7%) than pregnant women with no history of mental illness. The adjusted odds of low birthweight for women with bipolar disorder was 1.66 times (95% CI, 1.16-2.38) that of women with no history of mental illness. In terms of preterm births and SGA, the adjusted odds ratios were 2.08 (95% CI, 1.53-2.83) and 1.47 (95% CI, 1.14-1.91) respectively, for women with bipolar disorder, compared to their counterparts with no history of mental illness. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that women with bipolar disorder had increased risk of low birthweight, preterm births, and SGA than women without a history of mental illness. More active monitoring and early intervention to counter potential adverse pregnancy outcomes for pregnant women with bipolar disorder should be initiated.
Outcomes of pregnancies complicated by hyperemesis gravidarum.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate maternal and fetal outcomes among women with hyperemesis gravidarum (HG). METHODS: In a university hospital and a research and training hospital, a retrospective cohort study was conducted among women with singleton deliveries between 2003 and 2011. Maternal outcomes evaluated included gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, cesarean delivery. Neonatal outcomes also determined were 5-min Apgar score of less than 7, low birth weight, small for gestational age (SGA), preterm delivery, fetal sex, and stillbirth. RESULTS: There were no statistical differences in the mean of age, parity, the number of artificial pregnancy, and smoking between two groups. Infants from HG pregnancies manifested similar birth weight (3,121.5 ± 595.4 vs. 3,164 ± 664.5 g) and gestational age (38.1 ± 2.3 vs. 38.1 ± 2.6 weeks), relative to infants from the control group (p = 0.67 and 0.91, respectively). In addition, no statistical significant differences were found in the rates of SGA birth, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and adverse fetal outcome between two groups (p > 0.05). Cesarean delivery rates were similar in two groups (31.9% in hyperemesis group vs. 27% in control group, p = 0.49). Comparing the gender of the newborn baby and Apgar scores less than 7 at 5 min, there were no statistically significant differences between two groups (p = 0.16 and 0.42, respectively). CONCLUSION: Hyperemesis gravidarum is not associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
The changing picture of diabetes.; The clinical picture of diabetes has changed dramatically and continues in a state of rapid flux. The early promise of insulin has remained unfulfilled and its beneficial effects, namely prolonging life, have led to the development of severe complications in a distressingly increasing number of diabetics. The present research thrust is encouraging but obviously requires a determined, aggressive concerted attack so that the understanding of precisely what is the diabetic syndrome, its treatment, cure and prevention, can be accomplished.
Abnormal excretion of oestrogens in complicated pregnancies.; The tremendous interpatient variations that occur for oestrogen excretion during pregnancy are largely overcome by expressing results in terms of relative concentrations (i.e., as percent of total oestrogens excreted). Specimens of urine from 28 pregnant patients with a variety of complications were assayed for their oestrogen content by an "oestrogen profile" technique and the results thus expressed were compared with those from 20 normal pregnancies. Statistically significant changes are shown in the group of patients in the "above" normal range (normal range = normal mean +/- 3 X SE) for five oestrogens (oestrone, 2-hydroxyoestrone, 2-methoxyoestrone, 2-hydroxyoestradiol, and 2-hydroxyoestriol) and "below" the normal range for one oestrogen (oestriol). When the means of the oestrogen values for the different groups of patients were examined, two things became obvious; firstly, only patients with hypertension showed these changes, and secondly, two additional oestrogens (16-hydroxyoestrone and 16-epioestriol) were excreted in large amounts by the normotensive "high risk" patients. A comparison of the two methods of expressing oestrogen assay results is made quantitatively (as milligrams per day) versus relatively (as percent of total oestrogens excreted), and advantages and disadvantages of each are discussed.
Maternal and Neonatal Complications in Patients With Diminished Ovarian Reserve in In-Vitro Fertilization/Intracytoplasmic Sperm Injection Cycles.; BACKGROUND: Diminished ovarian reserve (DOR) is one of the most intractable clinical issues in human reproduction and is reported to be associated with raised risk of recurrent pregnancy loss and aneuploid blastocysts. In this study, we aimed to explore whether DOR was also associated with maternal and neonatal complications in in-vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection cycles. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study including women below 40 years of age who achieved singleton live birth after fresh embryo transfer in in-vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection cycles in a single center from January 2012 to June 2019 was conducted. Participants with DOR, defined as basal follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) ≥ 10IU/L and antimullerian hormone (AMH) < 1.2ng/ml, were enrolled as the study group. The controls were 1:2 matched by age and body mass index with FSH < 10IU/L and AMH ≥ 1.2ng/ml. Maternal and neonatal complications were compared between the DOR group and the controls. RESULTS: A total of 579 women, 193 in the DOR group and 386 matched as controls, were included in this study. Compared to controls, the incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was significantly increased in the DOR group (5.7% vs. 2.1%, P = 0.021). DOR patients also presented slightly higher incidences of preterm birth (10.9% vs. 7.5%, P = 0.174) and low birthweight (6.2% vs. 5.4%, P = 0.704) yet without statistical significances. The incidences of gestational diabetes mellitus and placenta previa were comparable between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Compared to women with normal ovarian reserve, women with diminished ovarian reserve might have elevated incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Patients with diminished ovarian reserve might need more strict antenatal care.
The programming of cardiovascular disease.; In spite of improving life expectancy over the course of the previous century, the health of the U.S. population is now worsening. Recent increasing rates of type 2 diabetes, obesity and uncontrolled high blood pressure predict a growing incidence of cardiovascular disease and shortened average lifespan. The daily >$1billion current price tag for cardiovascular disease in the United States is expected to double within the next decade or two. Other countries are seeing similar trends. Current popular explanations for these trends are inadequate. Rather, increasingly poor diets in young people and in women during pregnancy are a likely cause of declining health in the U.S. population through a process known as programming. The fetal cardiovascular system is sensitive to poor maternal nutritional conditions during the periconceptional period, in the womb and in early postnatal life. Developmental plasticity accommodates changes in organ systems that lead to endothelial dysfunction, small coronary arteries, stiffer vascular tree, fewer nephrons, fewer cardiomyocytes, coagulopathies and atherogenic blood lipid profiles in fetuses born at the extremes of birthweight. Of equal importance are epigenetic modifications to genes driving important growth regulatory processes. Changes in microRNA, DNA methylation patterns and histone structure have all been implicated in the cardiovascular disease vulnerabilities that cross-generations. Recent experiments offer hope that detrimental epigenetic changes can be prevented or reversed. The large number of studies that provide the foundational concepts for the developmental origins of disease can be traced to the brilliant discoveries of David J.P. Barker.
Doppler velocimetry discordancy of the uterine arteries in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; The aim of this study was to examine the association between uterine artery Doppler velocimetry discordance and perinatal outcome, specifically in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. We evaluated 265 women with singleton pregnancies complicated by diabetes who underwent Doppler ultrasonographic examinations of the right and left uterine arteries within 1 week before delivery. The absolute difference between the right and left uterine arteries was computed after measuring the uterine artery systolic-diastolic ratio. Adverse outcome was defined as still-birth, intrauterine growth restriction, delivery before 37 weeks' gestation, or cesarean delivery for fetal risk. The discordance between right and left uterine artery systolic-diastolic ratios ranged from 0 to 2.3, with a mean of 0.39 +/- 0.36 and a median of 0.30. The discordance was significantly larger in the 63 pregnancies with adverse outcome than in those with good outcome (0.48 versus 0.36, P = 0.018). Among the women with large uterine artery S/D ratio differences (> or = 0.60), a cesarean delivery for fetal risk was three times more likely (21.5% versus 7.5%, P = 0.002). In diabetic women with chronic hypertension (n = 36), the discordance was significantly larger than in the 201 normotensive women (0.54 versus 0.35, P = 0.001); yet for this subgroup uterine artery S/D ratio discordance was not predictive of adverse outcome. In conclusion, although considerable overlap in discordance exists between the good and adverse outcome groups, the uterine artery S/D ratio discordance added prognostic information on perinatal outcome for normotensive women with diabetes. The predictive value is independent of White's classification, third trimester glycemic control, sex of the infant, and umbilical artery Doppler waveform data.
Successful outcome of pregnancy complicated by Werner's syndrome.; Werner's syndrome is an extremely rare genetic disorder of the autosomal recessive type, characterized by features suggesting premature aging in young adulthood. Because of the concomitant hypogonadism, pregnancy among patients with Werner's syndrome occurs extremely rarely. We present a case of a successful outcome of pregnancy complicated by Werner's syndrome in a 34-year-old primigravida. The reason for early delivery by caesarean section, at 34th week of pregnancy, was exacerbation of coronary symptoms, with early signs of cardiac insufficiency. A healthy female child was born in a good condition, with birth weight of 1950 g.
Maternal glycaemic control and risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia in Type 1 diabetes pregnancy: a secondary analysis of the CONCEPTT trial.; AIMS: To examine the relationship between maternal glycaemic control and risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia using conventional and continuous glucose monitoring metrics in the Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Type 1 Diabetes Pregnancy Trial (CONCEPTT) participants. METHODS: A secondary analysis of CONCEPTT involving 225 pregnant women and their liveborn infants. Antenatal glycaemia was assessed at 12, 24 and 34 weeks gestation. Intrapartum glycaemia was assessed by continuous glucose monitoring measures 24 hours prior to delivery. The primary outcome was neonatal hypoglycaemia defined as glucose concentration < 2.6 mmol/l and requiring intravenous dextrose. RESULTS: Neonatal hypoglycaemia occurred in 57/225 (25.3%) infants, 21 (15%) term and 36 (40%) preterm neonates. During the second and third trimesters, mothers of infants with neonatal hypoglycaemia had higher HbA(1c) [48 ± 7 (6.6 ± 0.6) vs. 45 ± 7 (6.2 ± 0.6); P = 0.0009 and 50 ± 7 (6.7 ± 0.6) vs. 46 ± 7 (6.3 ± 0.6); P = 0.0001] and lower continuous glucose monitoring time-in-range (46% vs. 53%; P = 0.004 and 60% vs. 66%; P = 0.03). Neonates with hypoglycaemia had higher cord blood C-peptide concentrations [1416 (834, 2757) vs. 662 (417, 1086) pmol/l; P < 0.00001], birthweight > 97.7th centile (63% vs. 34%; P < 0.0001) and skinfold thickness (P ≤ 0.02). Intrapartum continuous glucose monitoring was available for 33 participants, with no differences between mothers of neonates with and without hypoglycaemia. CONCLUSIONS: Modest increments in continuous glucose monitoring time-in-target (5-7% increase) during the second and third trimesters are associated with reduced risk for neonatal hypoglycaemia. While more intrapartum continuous glucose monitoring data are needed, the higher birthweight and skinfold measures associated with neonatal hypoglycaemia suggest that risk is related to fetal hyperinsulinemia preceding the immediate intrapartum period.
Perinatal Outcomes After Bariatric Surgery Compared With a Matched Control Group.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate perinatal outcomes associated with pregnancy after bariatric surgery within a large integrated health care system using propensity score matching. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study that evaluated perinatal outcomes in pregnant patients after bariatric surgery from January 2012 through December 2018. History of bariatric surgery was identified by using International Classification of Diseases codes and a clinical database. Primary outcomes were preterm birth (PTB), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes, a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) neonates, and cesarean birth. Propensity scores were estimated by using logistic regression that accounted for age at delivery, prepregnancy body mass index, year of delivery, parity, neighborhood deprivation index, race and ethnicity, insurance status, initiation of prenatal visit in the first trimester, smoking during pregnancy, chronic hypertension, and preexisting diabetes. Five patients in the control group were matched to each patient in the case group on linear propensity score, and modified Poisson regression was used to adjust for covariates. Sensitivity analyses by timing and type of surgery were performed. RESULTS: We identified a case cohort of 1,591 pregnancies in patients after bariatric surgery and a matched cohort of 7,955 pregnancies in patients who had not undergone bariatric surgery. Demographic characteristics were similar in both groups. In multivariate models, pregnancy after bariatric surgery was associated with a decreased risk of preeclampsia (7.5% vs 10.2%, adjusted relative risk [aRR] 0.72, 95% CI 0.60-0.86), gestational diabetes or impaired fasting glucose (23.5% vs 35.0%, aRR 0.73, 95% CI 0.66-0.80), and LGA (10.6% vs 19.9%, aRR 0.56, 95% CI 0.48-0.65) and an increased risk of SGA (10.9% vs 6.6%, aRR 1.51, 95% CI 1.28-1.78). No significant differences were observed in PTB, gestational hypertension and cesarean delivery. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy after bariatric surgery in a racially and ethnically diverse cohort of patients is associated with decreased risk of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes or impaired fasting glucose, and LGA neonates; it is also associated with an increased risk of SGA neonates compared with pregnant patients in a matched control group.
[Combined deficiency of thyroid stimulating hormone and growth hormone in a diabetic patient with Hashimoto thyroiditis].; We report the case of a 36-year-old female patient with insulin dependent diabetes who developed hypothyroidism of pituitary origin after giving birth. She had low levels of free T4 and TSH with no response to i.v. TRH. Antimicrosome antibodies were increased (1/25000), suggesting Hashimoto's thyroiditis. The other hormones were normal except for a low level of growth hormone and insulin growth factor 1. There were no antibodies against the pituitary. MRI of the pituitary was normal. We suspect a vascular origin for this partial pituitary deficiency.
Reversal of foetal hydrops and foetal tachyarrhythmia associated with maternal diabetic coma.; Foetal hydrops is always a challenge for the clinician. We report a case of tachycardia associated with hydrops and hydramnios in a pregnancy complicated with diabetic coma at 28 weeks gestation. Normal foetal heart rate was recorded immediately after correction of maternal acidotic status and hydrops eventually disappeared. The woman was delivered at 32 weeks and the baby had an uncomplicated postnatal course. We hypothesise that maternal ketoacidosis has been the precipitating factor of tachycardia and congestive heart failure and that this case is conceptually similar to the "late death" phenomenon, reported in cases of poorly controlled maternal diabetes.
[Placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes].; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes itself causes hyperstimulation of adipose tissue and of the placenta cells increasing the production of inflammatory cytokines, which cause changes in the tissues exposed such as the placenta and foetus. Therefore, the objective of this study was to compare metabolic markers and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood, as well as to determine the presence of atherosclerosis in the placentas of newborn infants of patients with gestational diabetes and in patients with normally progressing pregnancies. PATIENTS AND METHOD: An analytical cross-sectional study was carried out in 84 patients, obtaining data such as age, smoking and weight gain in pregnancy; the gestational age of the newborns was determined by Capurro, and their weight and destination subsequent to birth, the placentas were also collected in order to look for atherosclerosis through histological studies and glucose, insulin, VLDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides, cholesterol, fibrinogen, PCR and markers of endothelial dysfunction (adiponectin, VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and IL-6) were determined in blood samples obtained from the umbilical cord. RESULTS: Placental atherosclerosis presented in 28.94% of the group with gestational diabetes compared to 10.52% of the group with normally progressing pregnancies (P=.044); differences were found in glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, HOMA-IR, PCR-us, HDL-C, not in VLDL-C. Twenty-one point five percent of the newborns of the gestational diabetes patients required hospitalization, against 5.2% in the control group, CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies that involve diabetes have higher proportion of atherosclerosis, hospitalization of the newborn, insulin resistance, as well as elevation of markers associated with inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood.
FKBPL and SIRT-1 Are Downregulated by Diabetes in Pregnancy Impacting on Angiogenesis and Endothelial Function.; Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes including preterm birth. Although the mechanisms leading to these pregnancy complications are still poorly understood, aberrant angiogenesis and endothelial dysfunction play a key role. FKBPL and SIRT-1 are critical regulators of angiogenesis, however, their roles in pregnancies affected by diabetes have not been examined before in detail. Hence, this study aimed to investigate the role of FKBPL and SIRT-1 in pre-gestational (type 1 diabetes mellitus, T1D) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Placental protein expression of important angiogenesis proteins, FKBPL, SIRT-1, PlGF and VEGF-R1, was determined from pregnant women with GDM or T1D, and in the first trimester trophoblast cells exposed to high glucose (25 mM) and varying oxygen concentrations [21%, 6.5%, 2.5% (ACH-3Ps)]. Endothelial cell function was assessed in high glucose conditions (30 mM) and following FKBPL overexpression. Placental FKBPL protein expression was downregulated in T1D (FKBPL; p<0.05) whereas PlGF/VEGF-R1 were upregulated (p<0.05); correlations adjusted for gestational age were also significant. In the presence of GDM, only SIRT-1 was significantly downregulated (p<0.05) even when adjusted for gestational age (r=-0.92, p=0.001). Both FKBPL and SIRT-1 protein expression was reduced in ACH-3P cells in high glucose conditions associated with 6.5%/2.5% oxygen concentrations compared to experimental normoxia (21%; p<0.05). FKBPL overexpression in endothelial cells (HUVECs) exacerbated reduction in tubule formation compared to empty vector control, in high glucose conditions (junctions; p<0.01, branches; p<0.05). In conclusion, FKBPL and/or SIRT-1 downregulation in response to diabetic pregnancies may have a key role in the development of vascular dysfunction and associated complications affected by impaired placental angiogenesis.
Reliable blood pressure self-measurement in the obstetric waiting room.; BACKGROUND: Patients often fail to adhere to clinical recommendations when using current blood pressure self-measurement (BPSM) methods and equipment. As existing BPSM equipment is not able to detect non-adherent behavior, this could result in misdiagnosis and treatment error. To overcome this problem, we suggest introducing an alternative method for achieving reliable BPSM by measuring additional context meta-data for validating patient adherence. To facilitate this, we have developed ValidAid, a context-aware system for determining patient adherence levels during BPSM. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to validate this new reliable BPSM method based on ValidAid in the clinical setting. Specifically, we wanted to evaluate ValidAid's ability to accurately detect and model patient adherence levels during BPSM in the clinic. METHODS: The validation was done by asking 41 pregnant diabetic patients scheduled for self-measuring their blood pressure (BP) in the waiting room at an obstetrics department's outpatient clinic to perform an additional BPSM using ValidAid. We then compared the automatically measured and classified values from ValidAid with our manual observations. RESULTS: We found that a) the pregnant diabetics did not adhere to given instructions when performing BPSM in the waiting room, and that b) the ValidAid system was able to accurately classify patient adherence to the modeled recommendations. CONCLUSIONS: A new method for ensuring reliable BPSM based on the ValidAid system was validated. Results indicate that context-aware technology is useful for accurately modeling important aspects of non-adherent patient behavior. This may be used to identify patients in need of additional training, or to design better aids to actively assist the patients during measurements. ValidAid is also applicable to other self-measurement environments including the home setting and outpatient clinics in remote or underserved areas as it is built using telemedicine technology and thus well-suited for remote monitoring and diagnosis.
Cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy impact the postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling.; Pregnant women with cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors are highly prone to develop cardiovascular disease later in life. Thus, recent guidelines suggest extending the follow-up period to 1 yr after delivery. We aimed to evaluate cardiovascular remodeling during pregnancy and determine which CVR factors and potential biomarkers predict postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling (RR). Our study included a prospective cohort of 76 healthy and 54 obese and/or hypertensive and/or with gestational diabetes pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography, pulse-wave velocity (PWV), and blood collection at the 1st trimester (1T) and 3rd trimester (3T) of pregnancy as well as at the 1st/6th/12th mo after delivery. Generalized linear mixed-effects models was used to evaluate the extent of RR and its potential predictors. Pregnant women develop cardiac hypertrophy, as confirmed by a significant increase in left ventricular mass (LVM). Moreover, ventricular filling pressure (E/e') and atrial volume increased significantly during gestation. Significant regression of left ventricular (LV) volume, LVM, and filling pressures was observed as soon as 1 mo postpartum. The LV global longitudinal strain worsened slightly and recovered at 6 mo postpartum. PWV decreased significantly from 1T to 3T and normalized at 1 mo postpartum. We found that arterial hypertension, smoking habits, and obesity were independent predictors of increased LVM during pregnancy and postpartum. High C-reactive protein (CRP) and low ST2/IL33-receptor levels are potential circulatory biomarkers of worse LVM regression. Arterial hypertension, age, and gestational diabetes positively correlated with PWV. Altogether, our findings pinpoint arterial hypertension as a critical risk factor for worse RR and CRP, and ST2/IL33 receptors as potential biomarkers of postpartum hypertrophy reversal.NEW & NOTEWORTHY This study describes the impact of cardiovascular risk factors (CVR) in pregnancy-induced remodeling and postpartum reverse remodeling (up to 1 yr) by applying advanced statistic methods (multivariate generalized linear mixed-effects models) to a prospective cohort of pregnant women. Aiming to extrapolate to pathological conditions, this invaluable "human model" allowed us to demonstrate that arterial hypertension is a critical CVR for worse RR and that ST2/IL33-receptors and CRP are potential biomarkers of postpartum hypertrophy reversal.
Pathology of the trophoblast and fetal vessels of the placenta in maternal diabetes mellitus.; The morphologic characteristics of the chorial villi from normal full-term placentas and from placentas of different clinical types of diabetic women were studied. The latter showed early maturation of the trophoblast, higher percentage of villi with stromal edema, and higher percentage of vessels of the villous trunks with lesions causing partial or total obstruction of the vascular lumen. The fact that the diabetic patients were treated suggests that the metabolic correction of diabetes mellitus prevents the occurrence or development of the multiple disturbances which the disease produces in the evolution of human pregnancy.
Pregnancy in diabetes: reducing the risks.; Meticulous glucose control that begins long before conception is fundamental to protecting the fetus and mother. Maternal hypertension, retinopathy, renal disease, and neuropathy may lead to complications, but optimal education, care, and fetal monitoring can reduce the risks.
Adenosine transport in cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells is reduced in diabetes.; Adenosine transport in cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) was characterized and shown to be mediated by a single facilitated diffusion mechanism. Initial rates of adenosine influx at 22 degrees C were saturable [apparent Michaelis constant, 69 +/- 10 microM; maximum velocity (Vmax), 600 +/- 70 pmol.10(6) cells-1.s-1] and inhibited by nitrobenzylthioinosine (NBMPR). Formycin B had an unusually high affinity [inhibitory constant (Ki), 18 +/- 4.3 microM], whereas inosine had a low affinity (Ki, 440 +/- 68 microM) and nucleobases were without effect on adenosine influx. The number of transporters (1.2 x 10(6) sites/cell) was estimated by NBMPR equilibrium binding (apparent dissociation constant, 0.11 +/- 0.01 nM; maximum binding, 2.0 +/- 0.15 pmol/10(6) cells). In addition, we compared these endothelial cells with those obtained from cords from pregnancies complicated by diabetes (HUVEC-D), since embriopathy may occur in these conditions. HUVEC-D exhibited a 2.3-fold reduction in both the Vmax for adenosine influx and the maximum number of NBMPR binding sites (260 +/- 40 pmol.10(6) cells-1.s-1 and 0.86 +/- 0.08 pmol/10(6) cells, respectively). However, the turnover number for each nucleoside transporter in normal and diabetic HUVEC was similar (approximately 300 adenosine molecules/s). Adenosine metabolism at 10 microM in HUVEC-D was modified compared with normal cells. Intracellular phosphorylation (> 90%) was the predominant pathway in normal HUVEC, whereas in HUVEC-D, substantial levels of adenine and adenosine were detected. The present results demonstrate therefore the downregulation of the NBMPR-sensitive nucleoside transporter and changes in adenosine metabolism in HUVEC from diabetic pregnancies.
Obesity and Pregnancy.; The worldwide rates of obesity have increased significantly in recent decades. In the United States, more than 50% of pregnant women are overweight or obese. Obese gravid women are more prone to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and cardiovascular diseases. The adverse outcomes extend beyond the pregnant obese woman; offspring of obese women are themselves at increased risk of prematurity, fetal death, injury during birth, and transient respiratory problems and metabolic effects (ie, neonatal hypoglycemia). Furthermore, maternal obesity can predispose their offspring to long-term health problems, potentially generating an intergenerational cycle of obesity and insulin resistance.
Listening to Women: Experiences of Using Closed-Loop in Type 1 Diabetes Pregnancy.; Introduction: Recent high-profile calls have emphasized that women's experiences should be considered in maternity care provisioning. We explored women's experiences of using closed-loop during type 1 diabetes (T1D) pregnancy to inform decision-making about antenatal rollout and guidance and support given to future users. Methods: We interviewed 23 closed-loop participants in the Automated insulin Delivery Among Pregnant women with T1D (AiDAPT) trial after randomization to closed-loop and ∼20 weeks later. Data were analyzed thematically. Results: Women described how closed-loop lessened the physical and mental demands of diabetes management, enabling them to feel more normal and sleep better. By virtue of spending increased time-in-range, women also worried less about risks to their baby and being judged negatively by health care professionals. Most noted that intensive input and support during early pregnancy had been crucial to adjusting to, and developing confidence in, the technology. Women emphasized that attaining pregnancy glucose targets still required ongoing effort from themselves and the health care team. Women described needing education to help them determine when, and how, to intervene and when to allow the closed-loop to operate without interference. All women reported more enjoyable pregnancy experiences as a result of using closed-loop; some also noted being able to remain longer in paid employment. Conclusions: Study findings endorse closed-loop use in T1D pregnancy by highlighting how the technology can facilitate positive pregnancy experiences. To realize fully the benefits of closed-loop, pregnant women would benefit from initial intensive oversight and support together with closed-loop specific education and training. Clinical Trial Registration number: NCT04938557.
Contraindications to metformin therapy in patients with NIDDM.; OBJECTIVE: Treatment with metformin is occasionally associated with the development of severe lactic acidosis. However, this is usually observed in patients with major contraindications to the drug. In this study, we aimed to determine the prevalence of conditions currently regarded as either contraindications or cautions to the use of metformin in patients with NIDDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The case notes of metformin-treated NIDDM patients (mean age 62 years) attending a United Kingdom university hospital diabetes clinic over a 3-month period were reviewed according to criteria reflecting a pragmatic view of current prescribing recommendations. RESULTS: Of 89 consecutive patients whose notes could be evaluated in detail, only 41 (46%) had no contraindications or cautions to metformin whatsoever. Concomitant chronic disorders associated with a potentially increased risk of hyperlactatemia were renal impairment (n = 2; plasma creatinine concentrations 1.7 and 2.3 mg/dl, respectively), cardiac failure (n = 2), and chronic liver disease (n = 2). Other potentially relevant disorders included ischemic heart disease (n = 20), clinical proteinuria (n = 14), peripheral vascular disease (n = 22), and pulmonary disease (n = 7). Multiple conditions (i.e., two, three, or four) were present in eight, five, and one patient(s), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: More than half the patients in our series had concomitant conditions or complications conventionally regarded as cautions or contraindications to metformin; approximately 10% had a multiplicity of such conditions. Regular surveillance is necessary to detect the development of complications such as renal impairment. Vigilance is also required in view of the increased risk of major intercurrent illnesses, which may independently disturb lactate metabolism in patients with NIDDM. Metformin should be withdrawn promptly under such circumstances.
Congenital abnormalities in newborns of women with pregestational diabetes: A time-trend analysis, 1994 to 2009.; BACKGROUND: The main objective of the current study is to examine the trend of congenital abnormalities among children born by women with and without diabetes, and to explore the impact of food fortification by folic acid on the rate of birth defects among these two groups of mothers. METHODS: All children born alive in Ontario, Canada, during 1994 to 2009 and their mothers were included in study. Diagnosis of pregestational diabetes among mothers was identified using Diabetes registry, and diagnosis of birth defects among children were identified using hospital records. RESULTS: The prevalence of births among diabetic mothers increased by almost 200% during the study period. Among children born to mothers with diabetes, the prevalence for all anomalies combined was approximately 47% higher and for various cardiac and central nervous system anomalies up to a three- to fivefold higher than those born to nondiabetic mothers. While the rate of birth defects in both groups observed a considerable decline after food fortification in 1999, but the gap between two groups remained unchanged over time. CONCLUSION: While the prevalence of birth defects among diabetic pregnancies is still considerably higher that nondiabetic pregnancies, results of the current study indicate a declining trend in the prevalence of some congenital abnormalities among babies born to both diabetic and nondiabetic mothers after 1999. We need to be more aggressive in implementing preventive measures, including a national diabetes plan or the proposed universal policy of supra-dietary folic acid supplementation for women with diabetes who are of reproductive age. Birth Defects Research (Part A) 106:831-839, 2016. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
The current status and future of cardiac stem/progenitor cell therapy for congenital heart defects from diabetic pregnancy.; Pregestational maternal diabetes induces congenital heart defects (CHDs). Cardiac dysfunction after palliative surgical procedures contributes to the high mortality of CHD patients. Autologous or allogeneic stem cell therapies are effective for improving cardiac function in animal models and clinical trials. c-kit(+) cardiac progenitor cells (CPCs), the most recognized CPCs, have the following basic properties of stem cells: self-renewal, multicellular clone formation, and differentiation into multiple cardiac lineages. However, there is ongoing debate regarding whether c-kit(+) CPCs can give rise to sufficient cardiomyocytes. A new hypothesis to address the beneficial effect of c-kit(+) CPCs is that these cells stimulate endogenous cardiac cells through a paracrine function in producing a robust secretome and exosomes. The values of other cardiac CPCs, including Sca1(+) CPCs and cardiosphere-derived cells, are beginning to be revealed. These cells may be better choices than c-kit(+) CPCs for generating cardiomyocytes. Adult mesenchymal stem cells are considered immune-incompetent and effective for improving cardiac function. Autologous CPC therapy may be limited by the observation that maternal diabetes adversely affects the biological function of embryonic stem cells and CPCs. Future studies should focus on determining the mechanistic action of these cells, identifying new CPC markers, selecting highly effective CPCs, and engineering cell-free products.
Significance of Obstetrical History with Future Cardiovascular Disease Risk.; The maternal cardiovascular system undergoes profound changes to support the increasing demands of fetal growth during pregnancy. An accumulating body of evidence has shown that common pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, low birth weight, and preterm delivery, can be associated with future cardiovascular adverse events in mothers. Factors such as glucose metabolism, hyperlipidemia, inflammatory markers, and large- and small-vessel stiffness/functionality have been linked with these pregnancy conditions. Critically, there are no established guidelines to account for these maternal factors when considering future cardiovascular disease risk, one of the leading causes of female mortality. This article reviews the study of cardiovascular disease and pregnancy, and proposes possible connections that should spur future investigation in an area of medicine that requires significant research.
Maternal diabetes mellitus and congenital malformation. Survey of 205 cases.; Twenty-five out of 205 (i.e. 12%) babies born to diabetic mothers in the Birmingham Maternity Hospital in the period 1969-1974 were malformed as against 6% in a control group. The incidence was highest in the group where mothers were on insulin at the time of conception (17 out of 117, i.e. 15%). No correlation was observed between major malformation in this group and age of onset or duration of the diabetes, progressive vascular complications, maternal age, or parity. Cardiovascular malformations were over-represented.
Gestational age specific stillbirth risk among Indigenous and non-Indigenous women in Queensland, Australia: a population based study.; BACKGROUND: In Australia, significant disparity persists in stillbirth rates between Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander (Indigenous Australian) and non-Indigenous women. Diabetes, hypertension, antepartum haemorrhage and small-for-gestational age (SGA) have been identified as important contributors to higher rates among Indigenous women. The objective of this study was to examine gestational age specific risk of stillbirth associated with these conditions among Indigenous and non-Indigenous women. METHODS: Retrospective population-based study of all singleton births of at least 20 weeks gestation or at least 400 grams birthweight in Queensland between July 2005 and December 2011 using data from the Queensland Perinatal Data Collection, which is a routinely-maintained database that collects data on all births in Queensland. Multivariate logistic regression was used to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and 95 % confidence intervals, adjusting for maternal demographic and pregnancy factors. RESULTS: Of 360987 births analysed, 20273 (5.6 %) were to Indigenous women and 340714 (94.4 %) were to non-Indigenous women. Stillbirth rates were 7.9 (95 % CI 6.8-9.2) and 4.1 (95 % CI 3.9-4.3) per 1000 births, respectively. For both Indigenous and non-Indigenous women across most gestational age groups, antepartum haemorrhage, SGA, pre-existing diabetes and pre-existing hypertension were associated with increased risk of stillbirth. There were mixed results for pre-eclampsia and eclampsia and a consistently raised risk of stillbirth was not seen for gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: This study highlights gestational age specific stillbirth risk for Indigenous and non-Indigenous women; and disparity in risk at term gestations. Improving access to and utilisation of appropriate and responsive healthcare may help to address disparities in stillbirth risk for Indigenous women.
[Hypertensive pregnancy in diabetes--risk factors and influence on future life].; Pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension are potentially dangerous entities causing maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Interestingly, the risk factors for these two conditions differ and it is thought that they also differ in their pathophysiological background. Notably, women with diabetes have an increased risk for de novo hypertension during pregnancy compared to non-diabetic subjects. However, among diabetic patients poor glycaemic control has been shown to increase the risk for pre-eclampsia. Furthermore, women with a history of pre-eclampsia suffer more often from cardiovascular disease later in life. New data regarding long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late diabetic complications have been published that may be of clinical relevance in the prevention of these complications.
Aggregation of Genome-Wide Association Data from FinnGen and UK Biobank Replicates Multiple Risk Loci for Pregnancy Complications.; Complications endangering mother or fetus affect around one in seven pregnant women. Investigation of the genetic susceptibility to such diseases is of high importance for better understanding of the disease biology as well as for prediction of individual risk. In this study, we collected and analyzed GWAS summary statistics from the FinnGen cohort and UK Biobank for 24 pregnancy complications. In FinnGen, we identified 11 loci associated with pregnancy hypertension, excessive vomiting, and gestational diabetes. When UK Biobank and FinnGen data were combined, we discovered six loci reaching genome-wide significance in the meta-analysis. These include rs35954793 in FGF5 (p=6.1×10-9), rs10882398 in PLCE1 (p=8.9×10-9), and rs167479 in RGL3 (p=5.2×10-9) for pregnancy hypertension, rs10830963 in MTNR1B (p=4.5×10-41) and rs36090025 in TCF7L2 (p=3.4×10-15) for gestational diabetes, and rs2963457 in the EBF1 locus (p=6.5×10-9) for preterm birth. In addition to the identified genome-wide associations, we also replicated 14 out of 40 previously reported GWAS markers for pregnancy complications, including four more preeclampsia-related variants. Finally, annotation of the GWAS results identified a causal relationship between gene expression in the cervix and gestational hypertension, as well as both known and previously uncharacterized genetic correlations between pregnancy complications and other traits. These results suggest new prospects for research into the etiology and pathogenesis of pregnancy complications, as well as early risk prediction for these disorders.
[Oculomotor paralyses in the course of diabetes--concerning 12 cases].; PURPOSE: Our purpose is to study the clinical features of the oculomotor paralyses in the course of the diabetes, to assess the risk factors and to show the importance of the diagnosis and the cerebral imaging. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We report a series of 12 diabetic patients with OMP collected at the department of ophthalmology in UHC Ibn Rochd in Casablanca between 1995 and 1998. RESULT: Our study was about 9 men and 3 women, the mean age was 58 years 6 months. The diabetes was type I in 2 cases and type II in 10 cases. All the patients complained of diplopia with headache. The paralysis of VI has been noticed in 8 cases, it was bilateral in 5 cases. Unilateral Ill palsy occurred in 4 cases. Brain computed tomography was normal in 10 cases and pathologic in 2 cases. Treatment consisted in alternating occlusion in all patients. Concomitance was achieved, after 4 to 6 months of treatment. CONCLUSION: The metabolic abnormalities due to hyperglycemia and the ischemic phenomena due to the diabetic macroangiopathy explain these palsies.
[Computerized analysis of antepartum fetal heart rate and maternal glycemic levels in pregnancy complicated with insulin-dependent diabetes].; We aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal glycemia on the parameters of CTG as assessed by a computerized fetal heart rate interpretation system (cCTG). We studied prospectively 22 single insuline dependent diabetic pregnancies (34-39 wks' gestation). A negative correlation was found between high variability epochs (HV) in msec, and maternal glycemia (r = -0.58, p < 0.01). HV epochs are known to be related with hypoxic episodes in the fetus. We suggest that the evaluation of maternal glycemia at the time of cCTG may increase the diagnostic accuracy of automated fetal heart rate interpretation.
Dyslipidemia in pregnancy and maternal-fetal outcome.; Hyperlipidemia is a known cause of atherosclerosis and directly contributes to the current epidemic in cardio-vascular disease. Pregnancy is typified by an increase in serum levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides pushed by the rise in estrogen, progesterone and lactogen. Mobilization of stored fat depots in late pregnancy may provide a reservoir of fatty acids for fetal growth and placental tissue steroid synthesis. This physiologic increase in lipids performs an essential role during pregnancy; however, elevated levels of lipids in predisposed women or with familiar forms of hyperlipidemia can carry increased risk for maternal-fetal complications. The present treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidemia is the suspension of medications. However, hyperlipidemia during pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia, preterm birth and gestational diabetes and offspring of these mothers show a propensity to enhanced fatty streak formation and an increased risk of progressive atherosclerosis. This current evidence may motivate the further study on the potential benefits of treatment of hyperlipidemia in pregnancy and its effects on maternal-fetal outcomes.
Effect of pregnancy on progression of diabetic retinopathy.; A prospective study was undertaken to determine the effect of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy. Insulin-taking diabetic women were enrolled; one group was comprised of pregnant women, the other group was comprised of women who were not pregnant. Women were evaluated on referral and again in the postpartum period. The severity of diabetic retinopathy was based on grading of fundus photographs of seven standard photographic fields. The glycosylated hemoglobin, duration of diabetes, current age, diastolic blood pressure, number of past pregnancies, and current pregnancy status were evaluated as risk factors for progression of diabetic retinopathy. After adjusting for glycosylated hemoglobin, current pregnancy was significantly associated with progression (P less than 0.005, adjusted odds ratio 2.3). Diastolic blood pressure had a lesser effect on the probability of progression. The findings from this study indicate that pregnancy and level of glycemia are associated with progression of diabetic retinopathy.
Estrogen hydroxylase activity in the human placenta at term.; Placental estrogen hydroxylase (EH) enzyme activity was measured at term using the catechol-O-methyl transferase coupled method in normal and high risk conditions. The identity and ratio of products formed during incubation of microsomes as analysed by high performance liquid chromatography in chronic hypertension, toxemia and diabetes mellitus was not different from controls. The mean enzymatic activity was also not different among the conditions studied as expressed mean +/- SE pmol/min/mg, protein: chronic hypertension (7.8 +/- 1), toxemia (8 +/- 1.6), diabetes mellitus (6.1 +/- 0.9) and controls (8.3 +/- 1.5). The cofactor dependence of EH was studied showing that NADPH is a better substrate for the enzyme than NADH.
Protective effect of sRAGE on fetal development in pregnant rats with gestational diabetes mellitus.; To investigate the protective effect of secretory receptor for advanced glycation endproducts (sRAGE) on the fetal development using rat model of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The model of pregnant rats with intrauterine hyperglycemia was established by intraperitoneal injection of 25 mg/kg streptozotocin (STZ). Rats with established GDM were randomly grouped, and the pregnant rats in the experimental group were subsequently injected with recombinant sRAGE protein (5 mg/kg, in 0.2 mL PBS) at tail vein every 24 h, while the rats in control group were injected with the same dosage of albumin solution. Blood glucose, serum levels of advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs), and levels of RAGE protein in brain and heart tissues of pregnant rats were measured at 3, 13, and 19 days postconception. At 19 days fetuses were delivered by cesarean section, number of fetuses, their weight and placental weights were recorded, and fetal malformations and defects were analyzed visually and pathologically. The expression level of RAGE, NOX2, MCP-1, p65, VCAM-1, and VEGF mRNA in placenta was evaluated by real-time PCR. p65 protein localization was detected by immunohistochemistry in fetal brain and heart tissue sections. We analyzed the correlation between AGEs and RAGE level and the development of fetal rats, and the protective effect of blocking AGEs-RAGE pathway on the fetal development in the rat model of GDM was investigated. (1) The concentration of blood glucose and AGEs in serum of pregnant rats with GDM was significantly higher than in control group (p < 0.05), with strong correlation between blood glucose and levels of AGEs (r = 0.693, p < 0.05). (2) While both the number of fetuses and placental wet weight in pregnant rat model of GDM were similar to control group, pups from GDM group exhibited higher incidence of developmental abnormalities and higher average weight (p < 0.05). sRAGE treatment slightly but not significantly reduced the probability of the fetal developmental defects, as compared to GDM group. (3) p65, a part of the NF-kB heterodimeric complex, was localized to cell nuclei in the fetal tissues of pups delivered by GDM rats, while sRAGE treatment partially restored cytoplasmic localization of p65, similarly to control tissues. Increased incidence of fetal developmental defects observed in offsprings of pregnant rats with GDM had significant correlation with the level of AGEs in serum of pregnant rats and expression levels of RAGE protein in tissues. GDM resulted in upregulation of mRNA expression of several pro-inflammatory and ROS-inducing genes in placental tissues of pregnant rats. Elevated blood glucose, serum AGEs levels, and increased gene expression are attenuated by intravenous sRAGE treatment. sRAGE appears to reduce the activity of NF-κB in fetal tissues, thus potentially having a protective effect on fetal development.
Cohort profile: Mysore parthenon birth cohort.; The Mysore Parthenon Birth Cohort was established to examine the long-term effects of maternal glucose tolerance and nutritional status on cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring. During 1997-98, 830 of 1233 women recruited from the antenatal clinics of the Holdsworth Memorial Hospital (HMH), Mysore, India, underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Of these, 667 women delivered live babies at HMH. Four babies with major congenital anomalies were excluded, and the remaining 663 were included for further follow-up. The babies had detailed anthropometry at birth and at 6-12-monthly intervals subsequently. Detailed cardiovascular investigations were done at ages 5, 9.5 and 13.5 years in the children, and in the parents at the 5-year and 9.5-year follow-ups. This ongoing study provides extensive data on serial anthropometry and body composition, physiological and biochemical measures, dietary intake, nutritional status, physical activity measures, stress reactivity measures and cognitive function, and socio-demographic parameters for the offspring. Data on anthropometry, cardiovascular risk factors and nutritional status are available for mothers during pregnancy. Anthropometry and risk factor measures are available for both parents at follow-up.
Vascular function in Type 2 diabetes mellitus and pre-diabetes: the case for intrinsic endotheiopathy.; Diabetic angiopathy is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). The pathogenesis of vascular complications in this condition appears to be complex, with distinct differences being observed between Type 1 and Type 2 DM. This review outlines the evidence for these differences and identifies endothelial dysfunction as an important associate and antecedent of Type 2DM, which predisposes to characteristic vascular complications and may also have implications for fetal development.
Computerized cardiotocography parameters in pregnant women affected by pregestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: To evaluate whether computerized CTG (cCTG) is a reliable method of predicting neonatal outcome in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes at term. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We considered 27 pregnant women affected by pregestational diabetes and 46 normal pregnancies as controls that fulfilled the following criteria: singleton, Caucasian, euglycemic pregnancies at term (>37 weeks gestational age). All women delivered by cesarean section (CS), with an antepartum cCTG performed within one hour before the CS and an UBGA available at birth. No patient was in labor during FHR monitoring. RESULTS: Among cCTG parameters, accelerations 15 bpm, HV min, HV ms and STV were significantly lower in comparison to controls. We observed that in the diabetic pregnant women the parameter STV was not able to predict or to linearly regress with the most important UBGA parameters: pH and pCO2. Contrarily, in normal pregnancies, the STV linearly regressed with both the pH (p < 0.03) and pCO2 (p<0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Computerized FHR criteria may not be applicable to fetuses in pregestational diabetic pregnancies at term. Therefore some criteria should perhaps be modified for a correct interpretation of cCTG in these pregnancies.
Human endothelial cells are defective in diabetic vascular disease.; Diabetic vascular disease is characterized pathologically by endothelial cell (EC) hyperplasia and basement membrane (BM) thickening. One key question regarding the pathogenesis of diabetic vascular disease is whether the EC or BM or both are primarily defective and responsible for these pathological changes. Previous studies, which took the approach of creating artificial diabetic conditions, have been inconclusive. It is known, however, that the extracellular matrix may be altered by glycosylation as a result of hyperglycemia, thereby altering EC function. To begin to address this question and more closely mimic the situation in vivo, we characterized human diabetic EC harvested from insulin-dependent diabetic mothers (IDDM) at the cellular and molecular levels. Human EC were isolated from both normal and IDDM umbilical cords and cellular functions evaluated using standard assays of attachment (% attached cells), proliferation (cpm/cell), resistance to detachment under shear stress (number of cells remaining attached), and glucose uptake (cpm/2 X 10(4) cells). Gene expression of major BM components (collagen type IV, laminin beta 1, and laminin beta 2) was quantified by Northern analysis. Diabetic EC demonstrated increased proliferation (two- to eightfold compared to normals), were 20-40% less resistant to shear stress and took up glucose 10-15% more slowly than normal EC. Furthermore, Northern analysis showed that the expression of major BM components was increased by an average of 10-18% in diabetic cells compared to normal cells. These results were consistent with in vivo observations and previously published data.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Risk of specific congenital abnormalities in offspring of women with diabetes.; AIMS: To assess the extent to which the increased risk of congenital abnormalities seen in women with pre-gestational insulin-treated diabetes mellitus is unspecific or related to the embryology of specific organs. METHODS: Cases with congenital abnormalities were identified in the population-based Hungarian Congenital Abnormality Registry from 1980 to 1996 with two newborn children without congenital abnormality selected from the National Birth Registry as controls. We adjusted for parity, maternal age, and use of antipsychotic drugs. RESULTS: Among cases we found 63/22,843 babies with maternal diabetes compared with 50/38,151 in the control group [adjusted prevalence odds ratio (POR) 2.1; 95% CI 1.5-3.1]. The association was strongest for the following congenital abnormalities: renal agenesis (POR: 14.8; 95% CI, 3.5-62.1), obstructive congenital abnormalities of the urinary tract (POR: 4.3; 95% CI, 1.3-13.9), cardiovascular congenital abnormalities (POR: 3.4; 95% CI, 2.0-5.7), and multiple congenital abnormalities (POR: 5.0; 95% CI, 2.4-10.2). CONCLUSIONS: These data indicate that pre-gestational maternal diabetes is associated with strong teratogenic effects on the kidney, urinary tract, and heart, and strongly associated with multiple congenital abnormalities. We found no material association between diabetes and spinal congenital abnormalities and limb deficiencies.
Random capillary blood glucose and conventional selection criteria for glucose tolerance testing during pregnancy.; The normal variation of random capillary blood glucose values and the usefulness of elevated (greater than or equal to 6.5 mmol/l) blood glucose values as a selection criterion for oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) during pregnancy were investigated. A consecutive series of 1,500 pregnant women without signs or symptoms of diabetes and 81 pregnant women with conventional selection criteria for OGTT were studied. The mean blood glucose value was 4.66 mmol/l and the 95% tolerance interval of all blood glucose values was 2.93-6.38 mmol/l. Blood glucose levels were not influenced by time of day or trimester of pregnancy. A blood glucose value of 6.5 mmol/l or higher was found in 174 women, 10 of whom had an abnormal OGTT. Four of thirty women with glycosuria or signs of accelerated fetal growth and 7 of 81 women with conventional selection criteria had abnormal OGTT's. The incidence of carbohydrate intolerance during pregnancy was 1.3%. The results of this study suggest that an elevated (greater than or equal to 6.5 mmol/l) random capillary blood glucose value may be a good selection criterion for OGTT in addition to conventional selection criteria when screening for carbohydrate intolerance during pregnancy.
Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution and adverse pregnancy outcomes in Ahvaz, Iran: a generalized additive model.; OBJECTIVE: There is some evidence about the short-term effects of air pollutants on adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine the association between air pollutants and spontaneous abortion, stillbirth, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and macrosomia in Ahvaz, which is one of the most polluted cities in the Middle East. METHODS: Data on adverse pregnancy outcomes and air pollutants including ozone (O(3)), nitric oxide (NO), nitrogen dioxide (NO(2)), sulfur dioxide (SO(2)), carbon monoxide (CO), particles with a diameter of less than 10 µm (PM(10)) and particles with a diameter less than 2.5 µm (PM(2.5)) were inquired from the Health Department of Ahvaz Jundishapur University of Medical Sciences and the Environmental Protection Agency of Khuzestan Province for the years 2008-2018. A time series analysis using the generalized additive model (GAM) with up to 6-day lags was used. RESULTS: The results showed that the SO(2) pollutant on 0, 1, 3, 4, and 6-day lags and PM(10) on lag 0 had direct and significant associations with spontaneous abortion. NO, NO(2) and CO on 0-6-day lags, and O(3) on 6-day lags showed direct and significant associations with preeclampsia. NO and NO(2) pollutants showed significant and direct associations with gestational diabetes, during 0- and 6-day lags. NO on 0-, 3- and 4-day lags, CO in all 0-6-day lags and PM(2.5) on 1-, 3-, 5-, and 6-day lags showed direct and significant associations with macrosomia. None of the pollutants showed significant associations with stillbirth or gestational hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: The results of this study suggest that some air pollutants are associated with spontaneous abortion, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and macrosomia. This study further emphasizes the need to control ambient air pollution.
In vivo glucose utilization by individual tissues in virgin and pregnant offspring of severely diabetic rats.; Adult offspring of diabetic rats or SDF rats are characterized by insulin resistance in the liver and extrahepatic tissues; this insulin resistance does not worsen during pregnancy. In this study, we determined the glucose metabolic index in tissues of anesthetized virgin and pregnant control and SDF rats in basal conditions and during a euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp. Tissues comprised insulin-sensitive tissues (five skeletal muscles, diaphragm, and periovarian white adipose tissue) and control tissues (duodenum and cerebrum). In addition, this study measured the GMI of placenta and fetuses. In basal conditions, SDF rats showed a slight decrease (9-29%) in the GMI of skeletal muscles compared with control rats; it was not altered by pregnancy in any of the tissues. During physiological hyperinsulinemia, virgin SDF rats exhibited a 25-70% decrease in the GMI of skeletal muscles compared with control rats; this decrease was not observed in diaphragm, or in adipose tissue in which the GMI was found to be increased. During pregnancy, SDF rats did not show an additional drop in the GMI of skeletal muscles, whereas the GMI of both skeletal muscles and adipose tissue was clearly diminished (25-60%) in control rats. The GMI of skeletal muscles was therefore comparable in pregnant control rats and SDF rats. The placental, but not fetal, GMI was increased by 24% during hyperinsulinemia in control rats; the placental and fetal GMIs, in basal and hyperinsulinemic conditions, were similar in control rats and SDF rats. In conclusion, skeletal muscles, but not white adipose tissue, are involved in the peripheral insulin resistance of the SDF rats.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Quantification of fluid resorption from diabetic macular oedema with foveal serous detachment after dexamethasone intravitreal implant (Ozurdex(®) ) in a pregnant diabetic.; PURPOSE: To quantify the fluid resorption from the centre of the fovea in a pregnant woman with diabetic macular oedema by daily optical coherence tomography (OCT) measurements after the administration of intravitreal dexamethasone implant (Ozurdex(®) ). METHODS: A 36-year-old pregnant woman with type 1 diabetes for 33 years presented with diabetic macular oedema with foveal serous detachment and symptomatic vision loss at 16 gestational weeks. Best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) in Snellen notation and central retinal volume assessed by optical coherence tomography (OCT, Topcon Corporation) were measured almost on a daily basis the first five weeks after implantation and then 2-3 times per month until childbirth. RESULTS: The pretreatment BCVA was 0.6/1.0, and pretreatment central retinal volume was 0.32 mm(3) . Near elimination of the oedema was achieved 3 days after treatment. One week after treatment, BCVA improved to preconception level, and full regression of the oedema was achieved. The rate of fluid resorption from the centre of the fovea was highest 3 days after treatment 0.00139 μL/hr and decreasing to 0.00065 μL/hr 1 week after treatment. CONCLUSION: Intravitreal dexamethasone implant Ozurdex reduces promptly central retinal volume in diabetic macular oedema involving the centre of the fovea in pregnancy with highest rate of fluid resorption 3 days after treatment initiation.
eNOS, COX-2, and prostacyclin production are impaired in endothelial cells from diabetics.; The vascular endothelium is a well-recognized target of damage for factors leading to increased cardiovascular risk. Among the agents playing an important role in cardiovascular homeostasis, nitric oxide and prostacyclin represent key markers of endothelial integrity. In the present work, we report for the first time the reduced expression of both endothelial nitric oxide synthase and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) proteins, as well as decreased prostacyclin production, in unstimulated human endothelial cells from insulin-dependent diabetic mothers when compared to cells from non-diabetic, control subjects. According to a major role of COX-2 as a source of prostacyclin production even in unstimulated endothelial cells, prostacyclin production was concentration-dependently inhibited by the selective COX-2 inhibitor SC236. Overall, our results suggest a possible link between reduced endothelial COX-2 and NO-synthase expression and the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases affecting diabetic patients, and point to the use of endothelial cells from diabetic patients as a tool for investigating early dysfunction in pathological endothelium.
Gestational diabetes and central pontine myelinolysis with quadriplegia: a case report.; Central pontine myelinolysis (CPM) has been reported in women with severe hyperemesis gravidarum-induced hyponatremia followed by rapid correction. Gestational diabetes with adipsia complicated by acute hypernatremia resulting in CPM has never been reported. Here is a case of a disabled female who presented with polydipsia, polyuria, seizures, fetal death in utero, hyperglycemia, and hyper-osmolar hypernatremia on her 31st gestational week. The dead fetus was delivered and the patient's plasma glucose and sodium were later stabilized. When the patient developed quadriplegia and respiratory failure 5 days later, brain magnetic resonance imaging showed central pontine and extra-pontine myelinolysis. Gestational diabetes complicated by hyper-osmolar crisis may cause fetal death and severe neurologic sequela. Early recognition and delivery of the fetus and placenta may improve the electrolyte and fluid imbalance.
Diabetes in Montana's Indians: the epidemiology of diabetes in the Indians of the Northern Plains and Canada.; The prevalence of diabetes is two- to threefold higher in American Indians in Montana compared with the non-Indian population. High rates of diabetes have also been described in Canadian aboriginal populations closely related to the tribes in Montana. Diabetes in pregnancy has increased among Indian mothers and high-birth-weight babies are increasingly likely to be born to Indian mothers with diabetes in pregnancy. Over 70% of the incident cases of diabetes in youth less than 20 years of age on the reservations have the clinical characteristics of type 2 diabetes. Cardiovascular disease mortality rates are high among Indians in Montana, and the prevalence of smoking in the Indian populations of Montana and the neighboring tribes in Canada is remarkably high. Indians in Montana are more likely than non-Indians of similar age to believe that diabetes is preventable and to recall advice about diabetes risk.
Metformin for prevention of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes or obesity: systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials.; OBJECTIVE: Metformin has been reported to reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia. It is also known to influence soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 level, which correlates significantly with the gestational age at onset and severity of pre-eclampsia. The main aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials was to determine whether metformin use is associated with the incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). METHODS: MEDLINE (1947 to September 2017), Scopus (1970 to September 2017) and the Cochrane Library (inception to September 2017) were searched for relevant citations in the English language. Only randomized controlled trials on metformin use, reporting the incidence of pre-eclampsia or pregnancy-induced hypertension, were included. Studies on populations with a high probability of metformin use prior to randomization (those with type II diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome) were excluded. Random-effects models with the Mantel-Haenszel method were used for subgroup analyses. Bayesian random-effects meta-regression was used to summarize the evidence. RESULTS: In total, 3337 citations matched the search criteria. After evaluating 2536 abstracts and performing full-text review of 52 studies, 15 were included in the review. In women with gestational diabetes, metformin use was associated with a reduced risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension when compared with insulin (relative risk (RR), 0.56; 95% CI, 0.37-0.85; I(2)  = 0%; 1260 women) and a non-significantly reduced risk of pre-eclampsia (RR, 0.83; 95% CI, 0.60-1.14; I(2)  = 0%; 1724 women). In obese women, when compared with placebo, metformin use was associated with a non-significant reduction in risk of pre-eclampsia (RR, 0.74; 95% CI, 0.09-6.28; I(2)  = 86%; 840 women). In women with gestational diabetes, metformin use was also associated with a non-significant reduction in risk of any HDP (RR, 0.71; 95% CI, 0.41-1.25; I(2) = 0%; 556 women) when compared with glyburide. When studies were combined using Bayesian random-effects meta-regression, with treatment type as a covariate, the posterior probabilities of metformin having a beneficial effect on the prevention of pre-eclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension and any HDP were 92.7%, 92.8% and 99.2%, respectively, when compared with any other treatment or placebo. CONCLUSIONS: There is a high probability that metformin use is associated with reduced HDP incidence when compared with other treatments or placebo. The small number of studies included in the analysis, the low quality of evidence and the clinical heterogeneity preclude generalization of these results to broader populations. Given the clinical importance of this topic and the magnitude of effect observed in this meta-analysis, further prospective trials are urgently needed. Copyright © 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The pathogenic role of coronary microvascular dysfunction in the setting of other cardiac or systemic conditions.; Coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) plays a pathogenic role in cardiac and systemic conditions other than microvascular angina. In this review, we provide an overview of the pathogenic role of CMD in the setting of diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertensive pregnancy disorders, chronic inflammatory and autoimmune rheumatic disorders, chronic kidney disease, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and aortic valve stenosis. In these various conditions, CMD results from different structural, functional, and/or dynamic alterations in the coronary microcirculation associated with the primary disease process. CMD is often detectable very early in the course of the primary disease, before clinical symptoms or signs of myocardial ischaemia are present, and it portrays an increased risk for cardiovascular events.
Measurement of hemoglobin A1 by liquid chromatography and by agar gel electrophoresis compared.; We compare measurement of total fast hemoglobin (HbA1) by "high-performance" liquid chromatography and by electrophoresis on agar gel. Blood samples were obtained from a diverse population (n = 222): offspring of two diabetic parents, diabetic patients with and without retinopathy, diabetic and non-diabetic pregnant women, patients in the coronary-care unit, and normal persons. Precision studies with a normal and an above-normal A1 sample resulted in overall CVs of 9.0% and 4.6% for the electrophoretic method and 4.4% and 2% for the chromatographic method. Linear regression analysis of values for total fast hemoglobin for the complete sample population and for each subgroup showed results of the electrophoretic method to be in excellent agreement with those by the chromatographic method. We conclude that the agar gel electrophoretic method offers a reproducible means for HbA1 determination that is comparable to the HPLC method in terms of accuracy and is highly suited for routine laboratory use.
The Diabetes-Cardiovascular Connection in Women: Understanding the Known Risks, Outcomes, and Implications for Care.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) complications constitute about 50-70% of mortality in people with diabetes. However, there remains a persistently greater relative increase in CVD morbidity and mortality in women with diabetes than in their male counterparts. This review presents recent evidence for the risks, outcomes, and management implications for women with diabetes. RECENT FINDINGS: Compared to men, women have higher BMI and more adverse cardiovascular risk profile at time of diabetes diagnosis with greater risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, vascular dementia, and heart failure. Pregnancy-specific risk factors of gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia are associated with future type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CVD. Women with T2D may experience greater benefits than men from GLP-1 receptor agonists. Women with diabetes are at greater relative risk for CVD complications than men, with poorer outcomes, superimposed on preexisting gender disparities in social determinants of health, lower likelihood of being offered cardioprotective interventions, and enrollment in trials. Further research and the utilization of SGLT-2 inhibitors, GLP-1 receptor agonists, and other CVD prevention strategies will help reduce morbidity and mortality.
Correlation between umbilical vein blood flow and umbilical blood viscosity in normal and complicated pregnancies.; Umbilical vein blood flow (UVBF) was studied during the last 24 h before delivery using a combination of real-time and Doppler ultrasonic equipment in 64 normal and pathological pregnancies and the results were correlated with the values of whole blood viscosity taken from the umbilical vein after delivery. UVBF was reduced in the subgroup with chronic fetal distress (n = 14) (P less than 0.001) and the hypertensive pregnancies (n = 17) (P less than 0.05), whereas umbilical blood viscosity was increased only in the subgroup with chronic fetal distress (P less than 0.01) as compared with the normal pregnancies (n = 24). A significant positive correlation was observed between the umbilical blood viscosity and haematocrit values in all the groups of patients. UVBF and blood viscosity had a significant negative correlation in chronic fetal distress (P less than 0.001) and in hypertensive pregnancies (P less than 0.05), but not in normal or diabetic pregnancies (n = 9). Thus haemoconcentration leading to increased fetal blood viscosity may act as an aetiological factor in the reduction of UVBF in developing fetal distress.
Preeclampsia as a risk factor for diabetes: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Women with preeclampsia (PEC) and gestational hypertension (GH) exhibit insulin resistance during pregnancy, independent of obesity and glucose intolerance. Our aim was to determine whether women with PEC or GH during pregnancy have an increased risk of developing diabetes after pregnancy, and whether the presence of PEC/GH in addition to gestational diabetes (GDM) increases the risk of future (postpartum) diabetes. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We performed a population-based, retrospective cohort study for 1,010,068 pregnant women who delivered in Ontario, Canada between April 1994 and March 2008. Women were categorized as having PEC alone (n=22,933), GH alone (n=27,605), GDM alone (n=30,852), GDM+PEC (n=1,476), GDM+GH (n=2,100), or none of these conditions (n=925,102). Our main outcome was a new diagnosis of diabetes postpartum in the following years, up until March 2011, based on new records in the Ontario Diabetes Database. The incidence rate of diabetes per 1,000 person-years was 6.47 for women with PEC and 5.26 for GH compared with 2.81 in women with neither of these conditions. In the multivariable analysis, both PEC alone (hazard ratio [HR]=2.08; 95% CI 1.97-2.19) and GH alone (HR=1.95; 95% CI 1.83-2.07) were risk factors for subsequent diabetes. Women with GDM alone were at elevated risk of developing diabetes postpartum (HR=12.77; 95% CI 12.44-13.10); however, the co-presence of PEC or GH in addition to GDM further elevated this risk (HR=15.75; 95% CI 14.52-17.07, and HR=18.49; 95% CI 17.12-19.96, respectively). Data on obesity were not available. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PEC/GH have a 2-fold increased risk of developing diabetes when followed up to 16.5 years after pregnancy, even in the absence of GDM. The presence of PEC/GH in the setting of GDM also raised the risk of diabetes significantly beyond that seen with GDM alone. A history of PEC/GH during pregnancy should alert clinicians to the need for preventative counseling and more vigilant screening for diabetes. Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary.
Outcome of two sequential singleton pregnancies and twin pregnancies among primiparous women at advanced age undergoing IVF.; PURPOSE: To compare the obstetrical and detailed neonatal outcomes of primipara of advanced maternal age conceiving two sequential singleton pregnancies by IVF with those of primipara conceiving twins by IVF. METHODS: A retrospective study of all primiparous women aged ≤ 38 years and conceived by IVF who delivered sequential singletons or delivered twins at a single tertiary university affiliated medical center between 2011 and 2019. We performed two main comparisons: 1. First vs. second singleton pregnancies. 2. Two singleton pregnancies vs. twin pregnancies. RESULTS: Overall, there were 63 women with consecutive singleton IVF pregnancies. The median age was 40.0 at first pregnancy and 42.0 in the second pregnancy. Pregnancy and delivery complications rates did not differ significantly between the first and the second singleton pregnancies, including gestational hypertensive disorders (7 (11.1%) vs. 4 (6.3%), p = 0.530), gestational diabetes mellitus (13 (20.6%) vs 18 (28.5%), p = 0.410), intrauterine growth restriction (6 (9.5%) vs. 4 (6.3%), p = 0.744), or cesarean delivery (25 (39.7%) vs. 29 (46%), p = 0.589). Rates of delivery before 32 weeks gestation were similar for both first and second singleton pregnancies (1.6%, p > 0.999). The proportion of neonatal adverse outcome in both first and second singleton pregnancies groups was low and did not differ between the groups. Compared with women who delivered sequential singletons, women with twin pregnancies had significantly higher cesarean delivery rates (113 (83.7%) vs. 29 (46%), p < 0.001) and lower gestational ages at delivery (36.2 vs. 38.4, p < 0.001) than women with two singleton deliveries. Adverse neonatal outcomes were significantly higher for twin pregnancies, including birthweight < 1500 g (17 (12.6%) vs. 2 (3.2%), p = 0.036), neonatal intensive care unit admission (57 (42.2%) vs. 4 (6.3%), p < 0.001), neonatal hypoglycemia (23 (17%) vs. 3 (4.8%), p = 0.017), and respiratory distress syndrome (14 (10.4%) vs. 1 (1.6%), p = 0.040). Length of neonatal hospitalization was significantly longer for twins (9 vs. 5 days, p < 0.001). The rate of gestational hypertensive disorders (preeclampsia and gestational hypertension) was similar between the groups, but the rates of severe preeclampsia trended higher among women who carried twins (8 (5.9%) vs. 0, p = 0.057). CONCLUSIONS: Sequential singleton pregnancies at primipara women of advanced maternal age have an overall very good outcome, with no clinically significant difference between the pregnancies. In addition, their outcome is much better compared with twins.
Complex congenital heart defects in association with maternal diabetes and partial deletion of the A2BP1 gene.; In this article, we report a case of complex congenital heart disease in a female infant with maternal diabetes who eventually died of sepsis and post-surgical complications. The autopsy phenotypic findings and organ malformations are detailed. Genomic studies identified a 162 kb intragenic deletion of A2BP1 gene within chromosome band 16p13.2. To our knowledge, this is the first description of A2BP1 gene deletion in association with congenital heart anomalies. This case also demonstrates the effect of maternal diabetes on gene transcription and emphasizes the importance of scanning the human genome in neonates born with congenital anomalies.
Pregnancy outcome of patients who conceive during or after the first year following bariatric surgery.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to compare pregnancy outcome of patients who conceived during or after the first year postbariatric surgery. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective study comparing pregnancy outcome between patients who conceived during or after the first postoperative year was conducted. RESULTS: The study included 104 pregnancies of patients who conceived during and 385 who conceived after the first postoperative year. Prepregnancy and predelivery body mass index were comparable between the groups. No significant differences were noted regarding hypertensive disorders (15.4% in the early vs 11.2% in the late postoperative pregnancy; P = .392); diabetes mellitus (11.5% vs 7.3%; P = .392); perinatal outcomes, such as congenital malformations (1.9% vs 1.3%; P = .485); or bariatric complications (6.7% vs 7.0%; P = .392) between the groups. Using multiple logistic regression models, controlling for confounders, the interval (in months) was not associated with pregnancy complications. CONCLUSION: Patients who conceived during the first postoperative year had comparable short-term perinatal outcome compared with patients who conceived after the first postoperative year.
Pregnancy loss and risk of cardiovascular disease: a prospective population-based cohort study (EPIC-Heidelberg).; OBJECTIVES: To examine whether pregnancy loss (miscarriage, abortion or stillbirth) is associated with a higher risk of myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. DESIGN: Population-based prospective cohort study. SETTING: The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC) cohort in Heidelberg, Germany (mean follow-up 10.8 years). PARTICIPANTS: All 11,518 women who had ever been pregnant (aged 35-66). RESULTS: Out of the participants, 2876 (25%) had at least one miscarriage, 2053 (18%) had at least one abortion and 209 (2%) had at least one stillbirth. During the follow-up, 82 cases of MI and 112 of stroke (confirmed by medical records) occurred in these women. Each stillbirth increased the risk of MI 2.65 times (95% CI for age-adjusted HR 1.37 to 5.12; HR adjusted for age, smoking, alcohol consumption, body mass index, waist to hip ratio, physical activity, education, number of pregnancies, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia and diabetes mellitus: HR 2.32 95% CI 1.19 to 4.50, 95% CI). Recurrent miscarriage (>3) was associated with about nine times higher risk of MI (age-adjusted HR = 8.90, 95% CI 3.18 to 24.90; fully adjusted HR 5.06, 95% CI 1.26 to 20.29). No significant association was found between abortion and MI or between any type of pregnancy loss and stroke. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that women who experience spontaneous pregnancy loss are at a substantially higher risk of MI later in life. Recurrent miscarriage and stillbirth are strong sex-specific predictors for MI and thus should be considered as important indicators for cardiovascular risk factors monitoring and preventive measures. Further research is suggested to elucidate underlying risk factors of pregnancy loss that at the same time strongly predispose to cardiovascular disease.
Maternal, umbilical arterial and umbilical venous 25-hydroxyvitamin D and adipocytokine concentrations in pregnancies with and without gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been associated with inflammation as well as Vitamin D insufficiency. While Vitamin D has anti-inflammatory properties, relationships between Vitamin D and inflammatory markers remain unexplored in GDM. Therefore, this case--control study investigated adipocytokine and Vitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations and correlations in GDM and control women, as well as their neonates. DESIGN/PARTICIPANTS/MEASUREMENTS: seventy-three women participated: 36 GDM and 37 controls. Maternal samples were drawn at 31 weeks. Umbilical arterial and venous samples were collected at birth. 25(OH)D and adipocytokine concentrations were compared for GDM vs control maternal, umbilical arterial and venous samples. Correlations were explored between biochemical results, maternal and neonatal demographics. RESULTS: Compared with age- and weight-matched control participants, GDM women had significantly lower concentrations of 25(OH)D (77·3 ± 24·3 vs 93·2 ± 19·2 nm/l; P = 0·009); adiponectin (17·5 ± 11·8 vs 34·1 ± 20·3 μg/ml, P < 0·001); resistin (25·4 ± 9·1 vs 31·9 ± 12·1 ng/ml, P = 0·045); and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) 13·9 ± 10·0 vs 21·0 ± 12·6 ng/ml, P = 0·038), while delivering 1 week earlier (38·2 ± 1·2 vs 39·5 ± 0·9 weeks, P < 0·001). GDM maternal 25(OH)D concentrations positively correlated with PAI-1, IL-8 and TNF-α concentrations. Umbilical 25(OH)D concentrations were not significantly different in GDM vs control offspring, whereas adiponectin, resistin and PAI-1 concentrations were significantly lower in GDM offspring. CONCLUSIONS: GDM women had lower 25(OH)D concentrations than controls, while neonatal umbilical concentrations of 25(OH)D did not differ. GDM maternal and GDM offspring had lower adiponectin, resistin and PAI-1 concentrations compared with controls. Results suggest that both GDM women and their offspring demonstrate abnormal adipocytokine patterns.
Possible role of hypothalamus and hypophysis in the control of development of pancreas reactivity to the effect of glucose in rat fetuses.; To estimate the role of hypothalamus and hypophysis in the development of functional activity of pancreas, the changes of reactivity of pancreatic B-cells to glucose resulting from encephalectomy and decapitation of fetuses were investigated. Reactivity of pancreas was determined by the changes of insulin secretion induced by the addition of glucose into incubation medium. It was found that, when hypophysis and hypothalamus were removed as a result of decapitation of fetuses from normal or from diabetic pregnant rats on days 17.5-18.5 of development, their pancreas remained insensitive to glucose on 21.5 day. Removal of hypothalamus only when fetuses were encephalectomized on day 17.5 of development also resulted in the loss of sensitivity of fetal pancreas to glucose. Injection of hypothalamus homogenate to encephalectomized fetuses restored the stimulating effect of glucose on B-cells. When pancreas fragments of decapitated fetuses were preincubated together with adenohypophyses of adult rats, the decapitation effect was eliminated, and an increase of glucose concentration in the medium caused an intensive release of insulin. Similar restoring effect was induced by growth hormone (GH) and adrenocorticotrophin (ACTH) when used in in vivo and in vitro experiments. The data obtained give evidence of a possible contribution of hypothalamus and hypophysis to the control of the development of functional activity of pancreas in rat prenatal ontogenesis. However, the mechanism of this regulation remains unclear yet.
Is there an increased risk of perinatal mental disorder in women with gestational diabetes? A systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIM: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and mental disorder are common perinatal morbidities and are associated with adverse maternal and child outcomes. While there is a relationship between type 2 diabetes and mental disorder, the relationship between GDM and mental disorder has been less studied. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of the prevalence of mental disorders in women with GDM and their risk for mental disorders compared with women without GDM. METHODS: Published, peer-reviewed literature measuring prevalence and/or odds of GDM and perinatal mental disorders was reviewed systematically. Risk of bias was assessed using a checklist. Two independent reviewers were involved. Analyses were grouped by stage of peripartum, i.e. antepartum at the time of GDM diagnosis and after diagnosis, and in the postpartum. RESULTS: Sixty-two studies were included. There was an increased risk of depressive symptoms in the antenatal period around the time of diagnosis of GDM [odds ratio (OR) 2.08; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.42, 3.05] and in the postnatal period (OR 1.59; 95% CI 1.26, 2.00). CONCLUSIONS: Given the potential relationship between GDM and perinatal mental disorders, integration of physical and mental healthcare in women experiencing GDM and mental disorders could improve short- and long-term outcomes for women and their children.
Risk of Subsequent Hypertension and Diabetes in Women With Hypertension During Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess risks of postpartum hypertension and diabetes mellitus (DM) for women with hypertension during pregnancy (HDP) with and without gestational DM (GDM). PATIENTS AND METHODS: From insurance data of 15- to 44-year-old women with pregnancy in 2000-2011, we established an HDP/GDM cohort (n=1270), an HDP/non-GDM cohort (n=5077), and a comparison cohort without either disorder (n=12,594), frequency matched by age and year of pregnancy. Postpartum hypertension and DM were assessed before 2012. RESULTS: The postpartum hypertension incidence increased with age in all cohorts, with overall rates of 13.1, 8.82, and 0.79 per 1000 person-years in the HDP/GDM, HDP/non-GDM, and comparison cohorts, respectively. The adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) of hypertension were 16.8 (95% CI, 11.8-24.1) for the HDP/GDM cohort and 11.2 (95% CI, 8.19-15.2) for the HDP/non-GDM cohort relative to the comparison cohort. The corresponding incident DM rates were 41.9 and 8.06 vs 2.55 per 1000 person-years in the 3 cohorts, respectively, with aHRs of 16.2 (95% CI, 13.2-19.9) for the HDP/GDM cohort and 3.15 (95% CI, 2.55-3.89) for the HDP/non-GDM cohort relative to the comparison cohort. Incident DM in the HDP/GDM cohort was 44% greater in 15- to 29-year-old women vs 40- to 44-year-old women (49.1 vs 34.2 per 1000 person-years), with aHRs of 39.2 (95% CI, 24.5-62.7) and 5.52 (95% CI, 2.92-10.4), respectively, relative to comparisons of respective age groups. CONCLUSION: Subsequent hypertension and DM risks are greater in women with HDP/GDM than in women with HDP only compared with women without these complications. Younger women with HDP/GDM should be particularly cautious.
The Continuous Glucose Monitoring System during pregnancy of women with type 1 diabetes mellitus: accuracy assessment.; BACKGROUND: The Continuous Glucose Monitoring System (CGMS, Medtronic MiniMed, Northridge, CA) allows close monitoring of glucose patterns and might be helpful in explaining the persistence of high complication rates in pregnancies of women with type 1 diabetes. It was the aim of this study to determine whether the CGMS accurately reflects glucose levels in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Fifteen pregnant women with type 1 diabetes used the CGMS and were asked to determine at least seven fingerstick blood glucose levels each day, of which four were used for calibration. The patients were asked to keep a diary of the non-calibration blood glucose values. The accuracy of the CGMS was studied by comparing the non-calibration blood glucose values with simultaneously measured sensor glucose values using the Pearson correlation coefficient, the mean of absolute differences, and the Clarke error grid analysis. RESULTS: A total of 239 non-calibration blood glucose values were analyzed. The correlation coefficient between non-calibration blood glucose and sensor glucose value was 0.94 (P < 0.001). The mean of the absolute difference was 0.74 mmol/L. Of the non-calibration data 93.8% fell in the clinically acceptable zone of the Clarke error grid analysis. CONCLUSIONS: The CGMS is an accurate tool for additional glucose monitoring in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.
Drug prescribing for chronic medical disorders during pregnancy: an overview.; Women of reproductive age with chronic medical disorders are often concerned about hazards from drug exposure during pregnancy. The avoidance of any medication after conception may be ideal but is often unwise for maternal well-being. Adverse fetal effects are often not clinically apparent. Current standards for prescribing these medications during pregnancy are discussed from a review of the recent literature.
Serum levels of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein (AFABP) was recently introduced as a novel adipokine, serum levels of which independently correlate with the development of the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in humans. In the current study, we investigated serum concentrations of AFABP in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as compared with healthy pregnant controls matched for gestational age and fasting insulin. DESIGN AND METHODS: AFABP was determined by ELISA in controls (n=80) and GDM patients (n=40) and correlated to clinical and biochemical measures of renal function, glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as inflammation, in both groups. RESULTS: Median serum AFABP concentrations were significantly elevated in subjects with GDM (22.9 microg/l) as compared with healthy pregnant controls (18.3 microg/l; P<0.05). Furthermore, GDM was independently associated with AFABP concentrations in multiple regression analysis (P<0.05). In addition, markers of adiposity (body mass index, serum leptin), triglycerides and serum creatinine were independently associated with circulating AFABP (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal AFABP concentrations are significantly increased in GDM. The adipokine might contribute to the increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk of the disease.
Metabolic fingerprinting of amniotic fluid from the streptozotocin-induced diabetic pregnant rat using Fourier transform-ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry.; Metabolic fingerprinting of amniotic fluid from streptozotocin-induced diabetic pregnant rats was performed using Fourier transform-ion cyclotron resonance mass spectrometry. Some of the fetuses from the diabetic pregnant rats exhibited ventricular septal defect. The positive ion profiles of amniotic fluids from diabetes were different to those of the control rats. The alteration of biochemical composition in the diabetic amniotic fluid suggests the presence of potential biomarkers to indicate progression of malformation under the diabetic pregnancy.
The expanding clinical phenotype of the tRNA(Leu(UUR)) A-->G mutation at np 3243 of mitochondrial DNA: diabetic embryopathy associated with mitochondrial cytopathy.; We describe a family which demonstrates and expands the extreme clinical variability now known to be associated with the A-->G transition at nucleotide position 3243 of the mitochondrial DNA. The propositus presented at birth with clinical manifestations consistent with diabetic embryopathy including anal atresia, caudal dysgenesis, and multicystic dysplastic kidneys. His co-twin was normal at birth, but at 3 months of life, presented with intractable seizures later associated with developmental delay. The twins' mother developed diabetes mellitus type I at the age of 20 years and gastrointestinal problems at 22 years. Since age 19 years, the maternal aunt has had recurrent strokes, seizures, mental deterioration and deafness, later diagnosed as MELAS syndrome due to the tRNA(Leu(UUR)) A-->G mutation. A maternal uncle had diabetes mellitus type I, deafness, and normal intellect, and died at 35 years after recurrent strokes. This pedigree expands the known clinical phenotype associated with tRNA(Leu(UUR)) A-->G mutation and raises the possibility that, in some cases, diabetic embryopathy may be due to a mitochondrial cytopathy that affects both the mother's pancreas (and results in diabetes mellitus and the metabolic dysfunction associated with it) and the embryonic/fetal and placental tissues which make the embryo more vulnerable to this insult.
Gestational age and birth weight in relation to aortic stiffness in healthy young adults: two separate mechanisms?; BACKGROUND: Impaired vascular development due to intrauterine growth retardation and postnatal-induced vascular damage by an unfavorable cardiovascular risk profile may both cause stiffer arteries in later decades. METHODS: Of 524 young adults, participating in the Atherosclerosis Risk in Young Adults (ARYA) study, data on birth characteristics were obtained from the original medical records of the Municipal Health Service and the extent of aortic stiffness was assessed using carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV). RESULTS: The PWV showed an inverse trend with gestational age (linear regression coefficient (beta) = -0.07 m/sec per 1 week; P =.064) whereas it was positively related to birth weight (beta = 0.33 m/sec per 1 kg; P =.020), adjusted for blood pressure (BP), gender, age, and each other. After exclusion of the 26 prematurely born infants, the association with gestational age was attenuated (beta = -0.03 m/sec per 1 week; P =.582), whereas the relation with birth weight hardly changed (beta = 0.30 m/sec per 1 kg; P =.041). In an analysis in which we excluded the 26 subjects with diabetic mothers the birth weight-PWV relation was attenuated (beta = 0.21 m/sec per 1 kg; P =.169). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that prematurity drives the relation of gestational age and PWV, whereas risk of impaired glucose tolerance drives the relation of birth weight and PWV. We hypothesized that two separate mechanisms might be involved in the development of arterial stiffness in healthy young adults.
Lowering dietary glycaemic index through nutrition education among Malaysian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risks for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Low glycaemic index (GI) diets improve cardio-metabolic outcomes in insulin-resistant individuals. We examined the feasibility of lowering GI through GI-based-education among Asian post-GDM women. METHODS: A 3-month investigation was carried out on 60 Malaysian women with a mean age of 31.0 +/- 4.5 years and a history of GDM. Subjects were randomised into two groups: LGIE and CHDR. The CHDR group received conventional healthy dietary recommendations only. The LGIE group received GI based-education in addition to conventional healthy dietary recommendations. At baseline and after 3-months, dietary intake of energy and macronutrient intakes including GI diet and glycaemic load was assessed using 3-day food records. Diabetes-Diet and GI-concept scores and physical activity levels were assessed using a questionnaire. Adherence to dietary instructions was measured at the end of 3 months. RESULTS: At the end of 3 months, the LGIE group had significant reductions in energy intake (241.7 +/- 522.4Kcal, P = 0.037, ES=0.463), total carbohydrate (48.7 +/- 83.5g, P = 0.010, ES = 0.583), GI (3.9 +/- 7.1, P = 0.017, ES = 0.549) and GL (39.0 +/- 55.3, P = 0.003, ES = 0.705) and significant increases in protein (3.7 +/- 5.4g, 0.003, ES = 0.685) and diet fibre (4.6 +/- 7.3g, P = 0.06). The CHDR group had a significant reduction in fat only (5.7 +/- 9.4g, P = 0.006, ES = 0.606). There was a 30% increase in GI-concept scores in the LGIE group (p < 0.001). Changes in GI-concept scores correlated significantly to the reduction in dietary GI (r = -0.642, P = 0.045). Dietary adherence was comparable in both groups. CONCLUSION: GI-education improves GI-concept knowledge and helps lower dietary glycaemic index among women with a history of GDM.
Molecular Analysis of a Genetic Variants Panel Related to Nutrients and Metabolism: Association with Susceptibility to Gestational Diabetes and Cardiometabolic Risk in Affected Women.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most frequent metabolic disorder in pregnancy. Women with a GDM history are at increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Studies have demonstrated a significant correlation between several genes involved in the metabolic pathway of insulin and environmental factors. The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between clinical parameters in GDM and variants in genes involved with nutrients and metabolism. Several variants PPARG2 rs1801282 (C>G); PPARGC1A rs8192678 (C>T); TCF7L2 rs7903146 (C>T); LDLR rs2228671 (C>T); MTHFR rs1801133 (C>T); APOA5 rs662799 (T>C); GCKR rs1260326 (C>T); FTO rs9939609 (T>A); MC4R rs17782313 (T>C) were genotyped in 168 pregnant Caucasian women with or without GDM by High Resolution Melting (HRM) analysis. A significant correlation was observed between TT genotype of TCF7L2 gene and increased risk of GDM (OR 5.4 [95% CI 1.5-19.3]). Moreover, a significant correlation was observed between lipid parameters and genetic variations in additional genes, namely, PPARG2 [p = 0,02], APOA5 [p = 0,02], MC4R [p = 0,03], LDLR [p = 0,01], and FTO [p = 0,02]. Our findings support the association between TCF7L2 rs7903146 variant and an increased GDM risk. Results about the investigated genetic variants provide important information about cardiometabolic risk in GDM and help to plan future prevention studies.
[Not Available].; This is the clinical history of a term baby born at home who presents a severe hyperbilirubinémia. The medical monitoring was assessed by a private midwife according to parental choice. On the third day of life, the newborn presented an icterus and was exposed to natural daylight in the familial greenhouse under the midwife recommandations. On that day, no laboratory test precised the bilirubin level. On the fifth day, a blood sampling revealed a very high blood bilirubinémia (31 mg/dl or 527 mmol/L), the baby is refered to our NICU and underwent an exchange transfusion. The radiological assessment report structural abnomalies in basal ganglia seen on both MRI and transfontannellar echography. These lesions are known to be responsible of cerebral palsy and hearing loos. The neurophysiologic investigations showed background abnormaly and depression. The extensive blood sampling excluded haemolysis. The clinical examination brought out neurologic impairement and weight loos in this exclusively breastfed baby. This clinical case point out the increasing risk of home Kernicterius as hospital stays diminish and homebirth enthousiasm rise up. The present clinical situation vouches for an adaptation of care giving to both mother and child at home in order to avoid this severe illness.
Extending Nontargeted Discovery of Environmental Chemical Exposures during Pregnancy and Their Association with Pregnancy Complications-A Cross-Sectional Study.; BACKGROUND: Nontargeted analysis (NTA) methods identify novel exposures; however, few chemicals have been quantified and interrogated with pregnancy complications. OBJECTIVES: We characterized levels of nine exogenous and endogenous chemicals in maternal and cord blood identified, selected, and confirmed in prior NTA steps, including linear and branched isomers perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS), perfluorohexane sulfonate (PFHxS), monoethylhexyl phthalate, 4-nitrophenol, tetraethylene glycol, tridecanedioic acid, octadecanedioic acid, and deoxycholic acid. We evaluated relationships between maternal and cord levels and between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in a diverse pregnancy cohort in San Francisco. METHODS: We collected matched maternal and cord serum samples at delivery from 302 pregnant study participants from the Chemicals in Our Bodies cohort in San Francisco. Chemicals were identified via NTA and quantified using targeted approaches. We calculated distributions and Spearman correlation coefficients testing the relationship of chemicals within and between the maternal and cord blood matrices. We used adjusted logistic regression to calculate the odds of GDM and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy associated with an interquartile range increase in maternal chemical exposures. RESULTS: We detected linear PFOS, PFHxS, octadecanedioic acid, and deoxycholic acid in at least 97% of maternal samples. Correlations ranged between - 0.1 and 0.9. We observed strong correlations between cord and maternal levels of PFHxS, linear PFOS, and branched PFOS (coefficient = 0.9, 0.8, and 0.8, respectively). An interquartile range increase in linear and branched PFOS, tridecanedioic acid, octadecanedioic acid, and deoxycholic acid was associated with increased odds ratio (OR) of GDM [OR = 1.33 (95% CI: 0.89, 2.01), 1.24 (95% CI: 0.86, 1.80), 1.26 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.73), 1.24 (95% CI: 0.86, 1.80), and 1.23 (95% CI: 0.87, 1.75), respectively]. Tridecanedioic acid was positively associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [OR = 1.28 (95% CI: 0.90, 1.86)]. DISCUSSION: We identified both exogenous and endogenous chemicals seldom quantified in pregnant study participants that were also related to pregnancy complications and demonstrated the utility of NTA to identify chemical exposures of concern. https://doi.org/10.1289/EHP11546.
Cross-fostering to diabetic rat dams affects early development of mediobasal hypothalamic nuclei regulating food intake, body weight, and metabolism.; Exposure to maternal gestational diabetes (GD) "programs" offspring for obesity in childhood and later life. Recent clinical data suggest that neonatal ingestion of breast milk from diabetic mothers might be crucially involved. Mediobasal hypothalamic nuclei such as the ventromedial nucleus (VMN), the paraventricular nucleus (PVN) and the arcuate nucleus (ARC) play a key role in the central nervous system regulation of food intake and body weight. In the ARC, orexigenic neuropeptides such as neuropeptide Y (NPY), galanin (GAL), and agouti-related peptide (AGRP) and anorexigenic neuropeptides such as proopiomelanocortin (POMC) and alpha-melanocyte-stimulating hormone (MSH) are expressed. We investigated the effects of neonatal exposure to milk from GD rat dams on the development of hypothalamic nuclei in weanling rats. Offspring of control (CO) rat dams cross-fostered to GD rat dams (CO-GD) developed early postnatal growth delay. On d 21 of life, CO-GD rats showed structural and functional hypothalamic "malprogramming." The ARC of CO-GD rats showed increased immunopositivity of both NPY and AGRP under basal conditions, despite normal levels of glucose, leptin, and insulin. Conversely, CO-GD rats showed decreased immunopositivity of both POMC and MSH and decreased density of immunopositive neurons, compared with offspring of control rat dams cross-fostered to control rat dams. No morphometric alterations were found in the VMN, whereas CO-GD rats showed an increased total number of neurons in the PVN. In summary, neonatal exposure to maternal diabetes through the intake of dam's milk in rats leads to a complex malprogramming of hypothalamic orexigenic and anorexigenic circuits that are critically involved in the lifelong regulation of food intake, body weight, and metabolism.
Associations between Maternal Lipid Profiles and Pregnancy Complications: A Prospective Population-Based Study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether plasma lipid profiles are independently associated with pregnancy complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy (HDCP), and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). STUDY DESIGN: A prospective study was conducted among 1,704 pregnant women at three medical institutions in Chengdu, China. The concentrations of triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were measured at gestational weeks 12 ± 1, 24 ± 1, and 34 ± 1. Logistic regression models were used to estimate the association between lipid profiles and pregnancy complications. Receiver operating characteristic analysis was performed to determine the value of lipid profiles to predict GDM and HDCP. RESULTS: After adjusting for potential confounders, TG, TC, and LDL-C in the first trimester were independently associated with GDM (TG: odds ratio [OR] =2.00, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.57-2.56; TC: OR = 1.38, 95% CI: 1.16-1.64; LDL-C: OR = 1.43, 95% CI: 1.14-1.79) and HDCP (TG: OR = 2.42, 95% CI: 1.56-3.78, TC: OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.04-2.57; LDL-C: OR = 1.87, 95% CI: 1.07-3.25). The TC concentration during the whole pregnancy (first trimester: OR = 1.53, 95% CI: 1.13-2.08; second trimester: OR = 1.31, 95% CI: 1.06-1.61; third trimester: OR = 1.39, 95% CI: 1.17-2.04) and LDL-C in the last two trimesters (second trimester: OR = 1.62, 95% CI: 1.30-2.04; third trimester: OR = 1.56, 95% CI: 1.29-1.88) were positively associated with ICP. HDL-C in the third trimester was negatively associated with the risk of ICP (OR = 0.46, 95% CI: 0.22-0.98). Combining lipid profiles in the first trimester with the other common predictors to predict GDM or HDCP owned stronger predictive power with the largest area under the curve (GDM: 0.643 [95% CI: 0.613-0.673], HDCP: 0.707 [95% CI: 0.610-0.804]) than either indicator alone. CONCLUSION: Maternal lipid profiles during the whole pregnancy are significantly associated with GDM, HDCP, and ICP. Combining lipid profiles in the first trimester with the other common predictors could effectively improve the power of predicting GDM and HDCP.
In utero diagnosis and management of fetal tachypnea. A case report.; Fetal tachypnea, defined as more than 60 fetal breaths per minute, has been reported to occur almost always in diabetic pregnancies. We treated a patient for fetal tachypnea and tachycardia, the initial presentation of which led to the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus.
[Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy. Case contributions on the state of therapy].; Modern means for monitoring and treatment of pregnant diabetics are demonstrated in 6 cases. To quantify the degree of diabetic control regular control of blood glucose profiles and determination of glycosylated hemoglobin (hemoglobin A1 or A1c) are required. Blood glucose measurements can be carried out by self-monitoring or by drawing blood samples and bringing them to the laboratory for analysis. To avoid fetal malformations and to protect the mother, normoglycemia should be obtained. If this goal cannot be reached by conventional insulin therapy with several single injections a day, the authors use a portable infusion pump for continuous subcutaneous infusion. This treatment is of particular importance in high risk patients with retinopathy and nephropathy. For fetal monitoring cardiotocography was the main method. Since the lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio of amniotic fluid is not always a reliable indicator of fetal lung maturity in diabetic pregnancies, the amniotic lecithin concentration is also measured. Estriol and HPL as indices of feto-placental function can be misleadingly high in plasma (or low in urine) in patients with impaired renal function. Optimal treatment of pregnant diabetics requires close collaboration with the obstetrician and the neonatal pediatrician.
Risk factors for intrapair birth weight discordance in twins.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the risk factors for birth weight discordance in twins. METHODS: We used the United States (1995-97) Matched Multiple Birth File (n = 294 568) to assess the association between birth weight discordance and maternal sociodemographic, pregnancy and infant characteristics. RESULTS: Eighty-four per cent of the twins were 0-19% discordant, 11.1% were 20-29% discordant, 3.4% were 30-39% discordant, and 1.8% were > or = 2 40% discordant. The risk factors for birth weight discordance for same-sex twins were eclampsia (odds ratio (OR) 1.39,95% confidence interval (CI) 1.20, 1.61), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.31, 95% CI 1.24, 1.38), pre-existing hypertension (OR 1.32, 95% CI 1.12, 1.56), diabetes (OR 1.13, 95% CI 1.04, 1.24) and certain congenital anomalies. For opposite-sex twins, the risk factors for birth weight discordance were pre-eclampsia (OR 1.17, 95% CI 1.09, 1.27), pre-existing hypertension (OR 1.59,95% CI 1.32, 1.91), and certain congenital anomalies. Also, smoking and increased maternal age were associated with birth weight discordance in both same-sex and opposite-sex twins. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal hypertensive disorders, smoking and delayed childbearing were associated with intrapair birth weight discordance. The mechanisms of these associations deserve further investigation.
Metabolic and circulatory effects of oral salbutamol in the third trimester of pregnancy in diabetic and non-diabetic women.; Metabolic and cardiovascular effects of 4 mg oral salbutamol were studied in ten non-diabetic, ten chemical diabetic and five juvenile diabetic women in late pregnancy. None of the women had been treated with beta-sympathomimetic drugs earlier in their pregnancy. Heart rate and blood pressure were recorded and blood samples for measurement of plasma cyclic AMP, insulin, C-peptide, glucose, lactate, glycerol, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and 3-hydroxybutyrate (3-HB) were collected every 30 minutes for 120 minutes after salbutamol. All women underwent the same procedure at random without salbutamol. There were significant cardiovascular effects of salbutamol in all the groups but no differences in these effects between the groups. Salbutamol caused significant increases of glycogenolysis and lipolysis in all the groups, significantly larger in the juvenile diabetic than the non-diabetic and chemical diabetic women. This observation could be explained by the inability of the juvenile diabetics to secrete insulin, shown by their non-measureable plasma C-peptide levels. The metabolic responses following salbutamol in the chemical diabetics were intermediate between the non-diabetic and juvenile diabetic groups. The results show that diabetes does not alter the sensitivity of beta-receptors involved in cardiovascular regulation, while the metabolic responses to oral salbutamol are enhanced, especially in juvenile diabetics. We suggest that during treatment with beta-sympathomimetic drugs, blood glucose should be monitored in all patients showing criteria of potential diabetes.
Metabolic and circulatory effects of intravenous and oral salbutamol in late pregnancy in diabetic and non-diabetic women.; The present study investigated the cardiovascular and metabolic "side-effects" of the beta 2-adrenoceptor stimulating drug salbutamol in the third trimester of pregnancy in diabetic and non-diabetic women. Salbutamol was administered either orally or as an intravenous infusion. Blood samples were collected for analyses of plasma cyclic AMP, insulin, C-peptide, and carbohydrate and lipid metabolites. Fetal heart rate, maternal heart rate, and blood pressure were registered simultaneously. After both intravenous and oral salbutamol, there was a statistically significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure, increase in maternal heart rate, plasma levels of cyclic AMP, insulin, and carbohydrate and lipid metabolites showing stimulation of glycogenolysis, lipolysis, and insulin secretion. The increase in fetal heart rate was slight. In diabetic women, the glycogenolytic and lipolytic effects of salbutamol were significantly more pronounced than in non-diabetics. The acute maternal circulatory and metabolic effects after salbutamol are probably too slight to have any clinical significance in healthy women. However, in diabetics, due to their impaired insulin function, a serious metabolic deterioration after salbutamol might occur.
Patterns of leisure-time physical activity across pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Although leisure-time physical activity (PA) contributes to overall health, including pregnancy health, patterns across pregnancy have not been related to birth outcomes. We hypothesized that women with sustained low leisure-time PA would have excess risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, and that changing patterns across pregnancy (high to low and low to high) may also be related to risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: Nulliparous women (n = 10,038) were enrolled at 8 centers early in pregnancy (mean gestational age in weeks [SD] = 12.05 [1.51]. Frequency, duration, and intensity (metabolic equivalents) of up to three leisure activities reported in the first, second and third trimesters were analyzed. Growth mixture modeling was used to identify leisure-time PA patterns across pregnancy. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (preterm birth, [PTB, overall and spontaneous], hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP], gestational diabetes [GDM] and small-for-gestational-age births [SGA]) were assessed via chart abstraction. RESULTS: Five patterns of leisure-time PA across pregnancy were identified: High (35%), low (18%), late decreasing (24%), early decreasing (10%), and early increasing (13%). Women with sustained low leisure-time PA were younger and more likely to be black or Hispanic, obese, or to have smoked prior to pregnancy. Women with low vs. high leisure-time PA patterns had higher rates of PTB (10.4 vs. 7.5), HDP (13.9 vs. 11.4), and GDM (5.7 vs. 3.1, all p < 0.05). After adjusting for maternal factors (age, race/ethnicity, BMI and smoking), the risk of GDM (Odds ratio 2.00 [95% CI 1.47, 2.73]) remained higher in women with low compared to high patterns. Early and late decreasing leisure-time PA patterns were also associated with higher rates of GDM. In contrast, women with early increasing patterns had rates of GDM similar to the group with high leisure-time PA (3.8% vs. 3.1%, adjusted OR 1.16 [0.81, 1.68]). Adjusted risk of overall PTB (1.31 [1.05, 1.63]) was higher in the low pattern group, but spontaneous PTB, HDP and SGA were not associated with leisure-time PA patterns. CONCLUSIONS: Sustained low leisure-time PA across pregnancy is associated with excess risk of GDM and overall PTB compared to high patterns in nulliparous women. Women with increased leisure-time PA early in pregnancy had low rates of GDM that were similar to women with high patterns, raising the possibility that early pregnancy increases in activity may be associated with improved pregnancy health. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registration number NCT02231398 .
[Ultrastructural examination of the placenta in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus].; BACKGROUND: Causes of fetal hypoxia in diabetic pregnancy are still unknown. Investigation of placental vascular network seems of great importance in this research area. Abnormalities in the structure of capillaries in the vasculo-epithelial membranes and role of perivascular space may be an essential factor in explanation for fetal hypoxia in diabetic pregnant women. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationship between the vascular surface of the terminal villi to its total surface, evaluation of the endothelial structure, perivascular space and basal membrane of the trophoblast as well as analysis of the studied parameters in relation to the classes of diabetes and metabolic control. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was performed on 32 placentas from women with PGDM and GDM. There were 8 pregnant women in class G1 and G2, 15 in class B, C, D, 9 in class R/F and 8 in control group. The mean diurnal glycemia in the analysed groups ranged between 90 + 22 mg/dl and 100 + 55 mg/dl (in control group 80 + 12 mg/dl). HbA1c concentrations were between 6.7 + 0.9% and 7.6 + 1.0% (in control group 6.0 + 0.5%). Placentas were examined using light microscopy and electron microscopy Opton-Zeiss EM-900. RESULTS: Decrease in the vascular surface of terminal villi was found in PGDM with fetal hypotrophy. In this cases we observed separation of basal membranes in basal capillaries and distention and proliferation of endothelial cells, disarrangements of perivascular space,. In placentas of women with hyperglycemia and fetal macrosomia there was a significant thickening of basal membranes of the trophoblast, and structural abnormalities in perivascular space with proliferation of collagen in terminal villi. Intensity of these changes was related to the degree of hyperglycemia and affected fetal and neonatal wellbeing. Examination of the placentas in women with PGDM with normal sugar levels before and during pregnancy revealed no or very limited pathological changes on light and electron microscopy. No significant relationships were shown between vascular surface in terminal villi and selected biochemical parameters and neonatal condition in diabetic pregnant women with fetal eutrophy CONCLUSIONS: Pathologic changes in the placentas of diabetic women (significant thickening of basal membranes of trophoblast separation of basal membranes in basal capillaries, distention and proliferation of endothelial cells, disarrangements of perivascular space and decrease of vascular surface of terminal villi are significant factors contributing to fetal anoxia in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus.
Effect of endogenous beta-hydroxybutyrate on brain glucose metabolism in fetuses of diabetic rabbits, studied by (13)C magnetic resonance spectroscopy.; The aim of our research was to uncover perturbations in in-utero fetal cerebral metabolism resulting from hyperglycemia and hyperketonemia, which occur during maternal diabetes. Therefore, we examined the effects of glucose overload and hyperketonemia on glucose metabolism in the diabetic fetal brain; more specifically, the effect of diabetes on the glucose flux via pyruvate dehydrogenase (PDH) and pyruvate carboxylase (PC) and subsequent metabolism in the fetal cerebral tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle were examined, as well as the effect of diabetes on energy fuel utilization in the neurons and glia. Diabetes was induced in pregnant rabbits, and towards term, [U-(13)C(6)]glucose was infused into maternal circulation, and [(13)C]glucose metabolites were subsequently studied in fetal brain extracts by (13)C MRS isotopomer analysis. Significantly elevated maternal and fetal plasma glucose levels (three- and up to fivefold, respectively) and fetal brain glucose levels (up to eightfold) accompanied by an increase of beta-hydroxybutyrate (beta-HBA) levels (approximately 20-fold) were found in the hyperketonemic diabetic animals, whereas fetal cerebral lactate levels were decreased. Alterations in the (13)C labeling patterns, mainly of glutamine, led us to suggest that the entry of beta-HBA-derived acetyl-CoA inhibits formation and entry of labeled glucose-derived acetyl-CoA into the TCA cycle, mainly in glia. Accumulation of glucose and the decrease in lactate levels in the fetal brain are most likely the result of an inhibitory effect of beta-HBA on glycolysis. In addition, loss of (13)C enrichment of TCA cycle intermediates and products, glutamate and glutamine, in the hyperketonemic diabetic fetal brain may be attributed to the effect of beta-HBA fuel utilization by the fetal brain.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and pharyngeal flow limitation during sleep: Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b).; BACKGROUND: Pharyngeal flow limitation during pregnancy may be a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes but was previously challenging to quantify. Our objective was to determine whether a novel objective measure of flow limitation identifies an increased risk of pre-eclampsia (primary outcome) and other adverse outcomes in a prospective cohort: Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b). METHODS: Flow limitation severity scores (0%=fully obstructed, 100%=open airway), quantified from breath-by-breath airflow shape, were obtained from home sleep tests during early (6-15 weeks) and mid (22-31 weeks) pregnancy. Multivariable logistic regression quantified associations between flow limitation (median overnight severity, both time-points averaged) and pre-eclampsia, adjusting for maternal age, body mass index (BMI), race, ethnicity, chronic hypertension and flow limitation during wakefulness. Secondary outcomes were hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and infant birthweight. RESULTS: Of 1939 participants with flow limitation data at both time-points (mean±sd age 27.0±5.4 years and BMI 27.7±6.1 kg·m(-2)), 5.8% developed pre-eclampsia, 12.7% developed HDP and 4.5% developed GDM. Greater flow limitation was associated with increased pre-eclampsia risk: adjusted OR 2.49 (95% CI 1.69-3.69) per 2sd increase in severity. Findings persisted in women without sleep apnoea (apnoea-hypopnoea index <5 events·h(-1)). Flow limitation was associated with HDP (OR 1.77 (95% CI 1.33-2.38)) and reduced infant birthweight (83.7 (95% CI 31.8-135.6) g), but not GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Greater flow limitation is associated with increased risk of pre-eclampsia, HDP and lower infant birthweight. Flow limitation may provide an early target for mitigating the consequences of sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy.
Gestational hyperglycemia reprograms cardiac gene expression in rat offspring.; BackgroundRat fetuses with maternal pregestational hyperglycemia develop cardiac dysfunction, and their cardiac gene expression differs from that of healthy control fetuses near term. We hypothesized that cardiac gene expression and morphologic abnormalities of rat fetuses with maternal pregestational hyperglycemia become normal after birth.MethodsNine rats were preconceptually injected with streptozotocin to induce maternal hyperglycemia and nine rats served as controls. The hyperglycemia group comprised 82 mice and the control group 74 offspring fed by euglycemic dams. Hearts of the offspring were collected on postnatal days 0, 7, and 14, and processed for histologic and gene expression analyses.ResultsOn day 0, heart weight was increased, and expression of cardiac genes involved in contractility, growth, and metabolism was decreased in the hyperglycemia group. On day 7, although cardiomyocyte apoptosis was enhanced, most of the changes in gene expression had normalized in the hyperglycemia group. By day 14, the expression of genes important for myocardial growth, function, and metabolism was again abnormal in the hyperglycemia group.ConclusionMost cardiac gene expression abnormalities become transiently normal during the first week of life of offspring to hyperglycemic rats. However, by day 14, cardiac expressions of genes involved in growth, function, and metabolism are again abnormal in relation to control offspring.
Diabetes and hypertension increase the placental and transcellular permeation of the lipophilic drug diazepam in pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies carried out in our laboratories have demonstrated impaired drug permeation in diabetic animals. In this study the permeation of diazepam (after a single dose of 5 mg/day, administered intramuscularly) will be investigated in diabetic and hypertensive pregnant women. METHODS: A total 75 pregnant women were divided into three groups: group 1 (healthy control, n = 31), group 2 (diabetic, n = 14) and group 3 (hypertensive, n = 30). Two sets of diazepam plasma concentrations were collected and measured (after the administration of the same dose of diazepam), before, during and after delivery. The first set of blood samples was taken from the mother (maternal venous plasma). The second set of samples was taken from the fetus (fetal umbilical venous and arterial plasma). In order to assess the effect of diabetes and hypertension on diazepam placental-permeation, the ratios of fetal to maternal blood concentrations were determined. Differences were considered statistically significant if p ≤ 0.05. RESULTS: The diabetes and hypertension groups have 2-fold increase in the fetal umbilical-venous concentrations, compared to the maternal venous concentrations. Feto: maternal plasma-concentrations ratios were higher in diabetes (2.01 ± 1.10) and hypertension (2.26 ± 1.23) groups compared with control (1.30 ± 0.48) while, there was no difference in ratios between the diabetes and hypertension groups. Umbilical-cord arterial: venous ratios (within each group) were similar among all groups (control: 0.97 ± 0.32; hypertension: 1.08 ± 0.60 and diabetes: 1.02 ± 0.77). CONCLUSIONS: On line with our previous findings which demonstrate disturbed transcellular trafficking of lipophilic drugs in diabetes, this study shows significant increase in diazepam placental-permeation in diabetic and hypertensive pregnant women suggesting poor transcellular control of drug permeation and flux, and bigger exposure of the fetus to drug-placental transport.
Cardiovascular malformations in infants of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the prevalence at live birth and the spectrum of cardiovascular malformations in infants born to diabetic mothers with pre-existing diabetes with that in infants of non-diabetic mothers. DESIGN: Prospective study of all live births in the resident population of one health region, with recording of details of the outcome of all pregnancies of women with pre-existing diabetes and of all live born babies with cardiovascular malformations. RESULTS: In the six years 1995-2000 there were 192 618 live births in the study population. Cardiovascular malformations were confirmed in 22 of 609 (3.6%) babies with diabetic mothers and in 1417 of 192 009 (0.74%) babies with non-diabetic mothers. The odds ratio for a cardiovascular malformation with maternal diabetes was 5.0 (95% confidence interval 3.3 to 7.8). Combination of these results with previous reports and comparison with the spectrum of cardiovascular malformations in infants of non-diabetic mothers shows a greater than threefold excess of transposition of the great arteries, truncus arteriosus, and tricuspid atresia. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-existing maternal diabetes is associated with a fivefold increase in risk of cardiovascular malformations. Transposition of the great arteries, truncus arteriosus, and tricuspid atresia are overrepresented to produce a substantial excess of these malformations.
Weight loss in obese pregnant women and risk for adverse perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between weight loss in obese pregnant women and relevant maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: All liveborn singleton term (37 weeks of gestation or greater) births in obese women between 2009 and 2011 in Flanders (the northern part of Belgium) were included (N=18,053). Outcomes assessed included gestational hypertension, low (2,500 g or less) birth weight, small-for-gestational-age (less than the 10th percentile) neonates, macrosomia (birth weight 4,000 g or greater), large-for-gestational-age (greater than 90th percentile) neonates, emergency caesarean delivery, and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit. Risk for adverse outcomes was calculated by multiple logistic regression analysis for weight change categories (greater weight loss [5 kg or greater], lesser weight loss [between 0 and 5 kg], low gestational weight gain [0 or greater and less than 5 kg], adequate gestational weight gain [5 or greater to 9 kg or less, reference], and excessive gestational weight gain [greater than 9 kg]) in each obesity class (I 30-34.9, II 35-39.9, III 40 or greater) adjusted for parity and maternal and gestational age. RESULTS: In the total population, 854 (4.7%) obese pregnant women reported weight loss. Weight loss and low weight gain were associated with a decreased incidence of gestational hypertension for women with class I obesity (greater weight loss adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.31, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.11-0.84; lesser weight loss adjusted OR 0.46 95% CI 0.21-0.99; low gain adjusted OR 0.71 95% CI 0.54-0.93), a reduction in the rate of emergency cesarean delivery, but only in those with class II obesity (greater weight loss adjusted OR 0.24, 95% CI 0.07-0.78; lesser weight loss adjusted OR 0.50, 95% CI 0.26-0.97; low gain adjusted OR 0.55, 95% CI 0.38-0.79), and decreased macrosomia and large-for-gestational-age neonates in women in all classes of obesity, with the highest decrease for women with class III obesity (greater weight loss adjusted OR 0.15, 95% CI 0.05-0.49; lesser weight loss adjusted OR 0.37, 95% CI 0.15-0.90 for macrosomia). No association between weight loss and low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age neonates, or admission to the neonatal intensive care unit was shown in the different obesity classes. CONCLUSION: Weight loss in obese pregnant women was associated with reduced perinatal risks but not with the rate of low birth weight or small-for-gestational-age neonates in obese women from class III in this affluent region. Stratification of recommended gestational weight gain ranges in obese women should be considered. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Perinatal outcome and peripartum complications in preterm singleton and twins deliveries: a comparative study.; OBJECTIVE: Multiple pregnancy is one of the major risk factors for preterm births. The aim of the present study was to compare perinatal outcome and peripartum complications between twins and singletons, born preterm. STUDY DESIGN: The study population consisted of preterm deliveries of 435 pairs of twins (870 neonates) and the comparison group included 4754 preterm deliveries of singletons, born in the same period (January 1, 1989-December 31, 1996). Exclusion criteria were lack of prenatal care and births following infertility treatments. The three steps in statistical analysis consisted of (1) degree of concordance between the twins; (2) comparison between each twin (I and II) to their singleton comparison groups using SPSS computer program; (3) stratified analysis to examine perinatal mortality rates at different gestational age groups. RESULTS: The prevalence of preterm deliveries was 7.9% (6192/77610). Perinatal mortality was lower in twins of both birth orders, however, it was statistically significant only when APD is considered. Mortality rates in all gestational age groups and for both twin groups were lower than that of singleton [OR=0.45 (0.26-0.75; 95% CI) for twin-I; OR=0.36 (0.21-0.59; 95% CI) for twin-II]. Compared to singletons, twin gestations had less congenital malformations. Twin gestation had statistically lower rates of preterm premature rupture of membranes, severe pregnancy induced hypertension, oligohydramnios, placenta previa, placental abruption and clinical chorioamnionitis [12.2 vs.17.3%, 2.5 vs. 6.3%, 2.3 vs. 4.7%, 0.9 vs. 2.9%, 1.8 vs. 5%, 1.8 vs. 5.2%, respectively (P<0.01)]. Mothers of twins had less diabetes mellitus class B-R, hydramnios and chronic hypertension than that of singleton (1.8 vs. 2.6%, 5.5 vs. 7.4%, 3.7 vs. 4.8%, respectively). Cesarean section rates were significantly higher in twin's gestation. Mothers of twins tended to be older and of higher birth and gravidity order. CONCLUSIONS: Perinatal mortality rates and peripartum complications were lower in twin compared to singleton gestations.
[Relationship between insulin resistance and pregnancy induced hypertension].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether insulin resistance is a cause of pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH). METHODS: All patients who had abnormal 50 g glucose screening test accepted 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and insulin sensitive index (ISI) was calculated. These patients were followed up and divided into two groups (PIH group and normal pregnancy group) at third trimester of pregnancy. The difference of ISI between the PIH group and normal pregnancy group was compared. RESULTS: Fast blood glucose, fast blood insulin and ISI were (4.2 +/- 0.7) mmol/L vs. (3.8 +/- 0.7) mmol/L, (107.8 +/- 48.8) pmol/L vs. (50.4 +/- 40.5) pmol/L, and -3.25 +/- 0.27 vs. -2.58 +/- 0.66 in PIH group and normal group, respectively (P < 0.05). The areas under the curve of insulin were 1,125.6 +/- 331.0 and 1,057.6 +/- 442.2 in PIH group and normal pregnancy group, respectively (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance during second trimester of pregnancy may be one of the causes of pregnancy induced hypertension.
Maternal Metabolism and Vascular Adaptation in Pregnancy: The PPAR Link.; Current therapies for pregnancy-related hypertension and its complications remain inadequate, although an increasing role for maternal susceptibility is becoming evident. Systemic vascular dysfunction in response to imbalances in angiogenic, inflammatory, and constricting factors is implicated in the pathogenesis of gestational hypertension, and growing evidence now links these factors with maternal metabolism. In particular, the crucial role of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) in maternal vascular adaptation provides further insights into how obesity and gestational diabetes may be linked to pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia. This is especially important given the rapidly growing prevalence of obesity during pregnancy, and highlights a new approach to treat pregnancy-related hypertension and its complications.
Preconceptual leptin levels in gestational diabetes and hypertensive pregnancy.; Pregnancy - induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes (GDM) are common adverse outcomes in pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: To find out whether preconceptual leptin levels differ in subsequent pregnancy between control vs. GDM and hypertensive pregnancy groups. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data was from The Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study and The Medical Birth Register of Finland. Of 293 subjects 71 developed GDM, 27 PIH/PE and 201 were controls. RESULTS: Leptin was higher in GDM (p < 0.0001) and PIH/PE (p = 0.0002) groups compared to control. GDM group was robust to BMI matching (p = 0,0081). CONCLUSION: Leptin was higher in GDM (p < 0.0001) and PIH/PE (p = 0.0002) groups compared to control. GDM group was robust to BMI matching (p = 0,0081).
Bilateral basal ganglia infarctions in a neonate born during maternal diabetic ketoacidosis.; Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) during pregnancy carries significant risk of intrauterine fetal demise, but little is known about its postnatal sequelae in surviving neonates. We report here the case of an infant who was born to a mother with White's class C diabetes mellitus during an episode of DKA. Throughout pregnancy her glucose control was suboptimal, as evidenced by a predelivery glycosylated hemoglobin level of 8.1%. At 33 weeks' gestation, the mother presented with nausea and vomiting, a serum glucose concentration of 575 mg/dL, and other metabolic derangements consistent with DKA. Despite rehydration and insulin therapy, fetal distress necessitated cesarean delivery. At birth the infant required intubation, but her clinical status quickly improved and she was extubated within the first day of life. However, on day-of-life 4 she exhibited seizure-like activity, and subsequent brain MRI revealed bilateral basal ganglia infarctions. Previous research has revealed that the keto acid β-hydroxybutyrate (β-OHB) can cross the placenta into the fetal circulation and thereafter accumulate in the fetal brain, which leads to severe metabolic derangements. Furthermore, β-OHB accumulates rapidly in the basal ganglia of older children during episodes of DKA, wherein its presence is associated with neuronal injury. We suspect that transplacental transfer of maternal β-OHB led to an acquired ketoacidosis in the fetus and that accumulation of β-OHB contributed to neuronal injury and subsequent infarction of the basal ganglia. Further research is necessary to better characterize neonatal complications of maternal DKA, as well as the possible inclusion of β-OHB levels in the goal-directed treatment of this disease.
Gestational age, birth weight, and perinatal complications in mothers with diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance: Japan Environment and Children's Study cohort.; We aimed to determine the risk of perinatal complications during delivery in mothers with non-normal glucose tolerance in a large Japanese birth cohort. We analysed data of 24,295 neonate-mother pairs in the Japan Environment and Children's Study cohort between 2011 and 2014. We included 67 mothers with type 1 diabetes, 102 with type 2 diabetes (determined by questionnaire), 2,045 with gestational diabetes (determined by diagnosis), and 2,949 with plasma glucose levels ≥140 mg/dL (shown by a screening test for gestational diabetes). Gestational age, birth weight, placental weight, and proportions of preterm birth, and labour and neonatal complications at delivery in mothers with diabetes were compared with those in mothers with normal glucose tolerance. Mean gestational age was shorter in mothers with any type of diabetes than in mothers without diabetes. Birth weight tended to be heavier in mothers with type 1 diabetes, and placental weight was significantly heavier in mothers with type 1 and gestational diabetes and elevated plasma glucose levels (all p<0.05). The relative risks of any labour complication and any neonatal complication were 1.49 and 2.28 in type 2 diabetes, 1.59 and 1.95 in gestational diabetes, and 1.22 and 1.30 in a positive screening test result (all p<0.05). The relative risks of preterm birth, gestational hypertension, and neonatal jaundice were significantly higher in mothers with types 1 (2.77; 4.07; 2.04) and 2 diabetes (2.65; 5.84; 1.99) and a positive screening test result (1.29; 1.63; 1.12) than in those without diabetes (all p<0.05). In conclusion, placental weight is heavier in mothers with non-normal glucose tolerance. Preterm birth, gestational hypertension, and jaundice are more frequent in mothers with types 1 and 2 diabetes. A positive result in a screening test for gestational diabetes suggests not only a non-normal glucose tolerance, but also a medium (middle-level) risk of perinatal complications.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the associations between five major adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risks of ischemic heart disease in mothers. DESIGN: National cohort study. SETTING: Sweden. PARTICIPANTS: All 2 195 266 women with a first singleton delivery in Sweden during 1973-2015. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main outcome measure was incidence of ischemic heart disease from delivery to 2018, identified from nationwide inpatient and outpatient diagnoses. Cox regression was used to calculate hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with preterm delivery, small for gestational age, pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, adjusting for other adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal factors. Co-sibling analyses assessed for confounding by shared familial (genetic and environmental) factors. RESULTS: During 53.6 million person years of follow-up, ischemic heart disease was diagnosed in 83 881 (3.8%) women. All five adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease. In the 10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were 2.09 (95% confidence interval 1.77 to 2.46) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.72 (1.55 to 1.90) for preterm delivery, 1.54 (1.37 to 1.72) for pre-eclampsia, 1.30 (1.09 to 1.56) for gestational diabetes, and 1.10 (1.00 to 1.21) for small for gestational age. The hazard ratios remained significantly increased even 30-46 years after delivery: 1.47 (1.30 to 1.66) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.40 (1.29 to 1.51) for gestational diabetes, 1.32 (1.28 to 1.36) for pre-eclampsia, 1.23 (1.19 to 1.27) for preterm delivery, and 1.16 (1.13 to 1.19) for small for gestational age. These findings were only partially (<45%) explained by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. Women who experienced multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes showed further increases in risk (eg, <10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios associated with 1, 2, or ≥3 adverse pregnancy outcomes were 1.29 (1.19 to 1.39), 1.80 (1.59 to 2.03), and 2.26 (1.89 to 2.70), respectively)). CONCLUSIONS: In this large national cohort, women who experienced any of five major adverse pregnancy outcomes showed an increased risk for ischemic heart disease up to 46 years after delivery. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes should be considered for early preventive evaluation and long term risk reduction to help prevent the development of ischemic heart disease.
Maternal plasma phospholipid polyunsaturated fatty acids in early pregnancy and thyroid function throughout pregnancy: a longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: Evidence has indicated that polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs)-enriched diet could reduce inflammation because of thyroid autoimmunity in vivo, and therefore, enhance thyroid function. OBJECTIVES: We investigated whether early pregnancy plasma phospholipid PUFAs could benefit maternal thyroid function across pregnancy, which is critical to fetal brain development and growth in pregnancy. METHODS: Within the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Fetal Growth Studies-Singleton Cohort, we collected plasma samples longitudinally from 214 subjects [107 with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) matched with 107 controls] with a singleton pregnancy. We measured 11 PUFAs at early pregnancy (10-14 wk) and 5 thyroid biomarkers at 10-14, 15-26, 23-31, and 33-39 wk, including free thyroxine (fT4), free triiodothyronine (fT3), thyroid-stimulating hormone, antithyroid peroxidase, and antithyroglobulin. Associations of PUFAs with thyroid function biomarkers and relative risk (RR) of gestational hypothyroidism (GHT) during pregnancy were assessed using generalized linear mixed models and modified Poisson regression, respectively. RESULTS: After sample weighting because of subjects with GDM over-representing in the analytic sample with biomarkers, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) at early pregnancy was associated with a reduction of 0.24 pmol/L (95% conﬁdence intervals: -0.31, -0.16) in fT3 across gestation per standard deviation (SD) increment, whereas docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) at early pregnancy was associated with an increment of 0.04 ng/dL (0.02, 0.05) in fT4 across gestation per SD increment. Furthermore, EPA and docosatetraenoic acid (DTA) were associated with lower risks of persistent GHT (EPA-RR: 0.13; 0.06, 0.28; DTA-RR: 0.24; 0.13, 0.44) per SD increment. All significant associations remained robust in sensitivity analysis and multiple testing. CONCLUSIONS: Certain plasma phospholipid PUFAs were associated with optimal levels of thyroid biomarkers and even lower risk of GHT throughout pregnancy, which might be potentially targeted for maternal thyroid regulation in early pregnancy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRY: This trial was registered at https://beta. CLINICALTRIALS: gov/study/NCT00912132?distance=50&term=NCT00912132&rank=1 as NCT00912132.
Beta-hexosaminidase activities in tears and plasma, diphosphoglycerate in blood of diabetic patients.; In a study on 10 normal controls, 7 pregnant women and 16 diabetic patients, beta-hexosaminidase in tears and 2,3-diphosphoglycerate in blood were investigated for possible use as index for diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy. Tears were used as source for beta-hexosaminidase because the concentration in plasma and the isoenzyme pattern are affected by the occurrence of a placentar isoenzyme in pregnancy. It has been found that in diabetes the concentration of beta-hexosaminidase in plasma may be elevated, but that it remains unchanged in tears and that there is no correlation between the plasma and tear values in all individuals. Neither beta-hexosaminidase in tears nor 2,3-diphosphoglycerate in blood appears as indicator for the onset or development of diabetic retinopathy.
Adiponectin and the control of female reproductive functions.; Adiponectin is the most abundant protein secreted by the white adipose tissue. It circulates at high levels in the bloodstream and its serum concentration is inversely correlated with body fat mass. The wide distribution of adiponectin receptors (AdipoR1, AdipoR2, and T-cadherin) in peripheral tissues and organs allows adiponectin to exert pleiotropic effects on whole-body metabolism. Besides its well-known antidiabetic, antiatherogenic, and anti-inflammatory properties, accumulating evidence suggests a direct role for adiponectin in reproductive tissues. The mammalian ovary and the ovarian follicle express AdipoR1 and AdipoR2, and treating pig granulosa cells with adiponectin induces changes characteristic of the periovulatory period. Moreover, additive effects are observed between adiponectin and insulin in induction of granulosa cell gene expression, thus suggesting that adiponectin actions on the ovary may be mediated through its insulin-sensitizing effects. Adiponectin receptors are also detected in the uterus. In women, higher AdipoR1 and AdipoR2 gene expression was observed during the mid-secretory phase of the menstrual cycle, suggesting that adiponectin is implicated in the endometrial changes in preparation for embryo implantation. Adiponectin receptors are found in oocytes and early developing pig, rabbit, and mice embryos, and it has been demonstrated that adiponectin can increase the success of porcine embryo development to the blastocyst stage in vitro. Moreover, adiponectin concentration is two to three times greater in human fetal circulation and in umbilical cord blood, compared to adult plasma. This further indicates a role for adiponectin in fetal growth. It has been further suggested that adipose-derived and locally produced adiponectin may act as a key neuromodulator of reproductive functions. For example, the inhibition of LH and GnRH release from rat pituitary and hypothalamic cells following treatment with adiponectin provides evidence that adiponectin may also act on the release of gonadotropins. Adipose tissue is now recognized as an important factor in the complex equation by which the nutritional status regulates female reproductive functions. For example, underweight women have delayed puberty and higher risk of premature delivery, whereas overweight and obese women have early puberty and are prone to develop polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and preeclampsia. Because hypoadiponectinemia is often associated with the abovementioned disorders, it has been suggested that this adipokine might play a role in the development of these pregnancy-related complications. Moreover, as these reproductive disorders often come with metabolic complications such as insulin and glucose resistance, the insulin-sensitizing effects of adiponectin may explain the observed association of this adipokine with PCOS, GDM, and preeclampsia. This review summarizes current knowledge on the role of adiponectin in female reproductive tissues and highlights mechanisms where information is available. We also discuss about the known and potential roles of adiponectin in the development of reproductive disorders.
Effect of delivery on fetal erythropoietin and blood gases in pregnancies with maternal diabetes mellitus.; In 29 pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus paired samples of umbilical venous blood were obtained at cordocentesis and delivery to investigate the effect of delivery on indices of fetal oxygenation. After delivery by elective Caesarean section the median umbilical venous blood pH was significantly lower than predelivery, however, there was no significant change in the median umbilical venous blood pO2 or plasma erythropoietin concentration. In those delivered after labour the median umbilical venous blood pH and pO2 were significantly lower and the median plasma erythropoietin concentration was significantly higher than predelivery. The data of this study demonstrate that umbilical venous blood pH and pO2 and plasma erythropoietin are influenced by the mode of delivery and results obtained at delivery may not accurately reflect in utero homeostasis.
Association between lifestyle habits and adiposity values among children exposed and unexposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero.; AIMS: The objectives of this study were to assess the profile of lifestyle habits among children exposed (GDM+) or unexposed (GDM-) to GDM and to assess whether a healthy lifestyle profile is associated with lower adiposity values among these children. METHODS: A total of 105 GDM+ and 38 GDM- children aged 2-14 years were included. Vegetables and fruit intakes were collected using two 24-h dietary recalls. Physical activity and sedentary time were measured with accelerometers. Screen and sleep time were assessed using questionnaires. Weight, height and waist circumference were measured. Body composition was assessed by absorptiometry. RESULTS: GDM+ children had lower moderate-to-vigorous physical activity practice (p = 0.043) and fruit intake (p = 0.020) than GDM- children. Among children with an unhealthy lifestyle (meeting 0-2 lifestyle recommendations), GDM+ children had greater percentage of fat mass (p = 0.021) and android fat mass (p = 0.020) than GDM- children. Moreover, among GDM+ children, children with a healthy lifestyle (meeting 3-4 lifestyle recommendations) tended to have lower percentage of fat mass (p = 0.053) and android fat mass (p = 0.071) than those with an unhealthy lifestyle. CONCLUSION: Improving lifestyle habits among GDM+ children could represent a promising approach to prevent deteriorated adiposity values.
Is there an association between anxiety and depression prior to and during pregnancy and gestational diabetes? An analysis of the Born in Bradford cohort.; BACKGROUND: anxiety and depression are common in women with gestational diabetes but it is not clear whether they are more likely to precede the onset of gestational diabetes or to co-occur with it. Our aims were to compare the strength of association between common mental disorders of anxiety and depression (i) before pregnancy and (ii) during pregnancy in women with and without gestational diabetes. METHODS: the sample comprised 12,239 women with 13,539 pregnancies from the UK's Born in Bradford cohort. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Indicators of common mental disorders were obtained from linked primary care records. Multivariable robust Poisson and logistic regression were employed. Multiple imputation by chained equations was implemented to handle missing data. Models were adjusted for maternal age, ethnicity, education and obstetric complications. Analyses of common mental disorders during pregnancy were additionally adjusted for maternal smoking, pre-pregnancy BMI, multiple pregnancy and common mental disorders prior to pregnancy. RESULTS: there was no evidence for an association between common mental disorders prior to pregnancy and gestational diabetes (adjusted RR 0.96; 95% CI 0.80,1.15) or between gestational diabetes and common mental disorders during pregnancy (adjusted OR 0.91; 95% CI 0.73,1.12). LIMITATIONS: high levels of deprivation and multi-ethnic composition of the cohort may limit generalisability of these findings to other populations. CONCLUSIONS: routine primary care records did not identify an increased risk of gestational diabetes in women with common mental disorders prior to pregnancy or of gestational diabetes in women with common mental disorders during pregnancy.
[Transitory hypertrophic cardiopathy in a newborn with a diabetic mother (author's transl)].; Massive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was revealed by echocardiography in a diabetic mother's newborn infant with early severe cardiovascular failure. Clinical and echocardiographic improvement occurred with symptomatic treatment excluding digitalis.
Local IGF Bioactivity Associates with High PAPP-A Activity in the Pericardial Cavity of Cardiovascular Disease Patients.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) has been suggested as a proatherogenic enzyme by its ability to locally increase insulin-like growth factor (IGF) activity through proteolytic cleavage of IGF binding protein-4 (IGFBP-4). Recently, stanniocalcin-2 (STC2) was discovered as an inhibitor of PAPP-A. This study aimed to investigate IGFBP-4, PAPP-A, and STC2 as local regulators of IGF bioactivity in the cardiac microenvironment by comparing levels in the pericardial fluid with those in the circulation of patients with cardiovascular disease. METHODS: Plasma and pericardial fluid were obtained from 39 patients undergoing elective cardiothoracic surgery, hereof 15 patients with type 2 diabetes. Concentrations of IGF-I, intact and fragmented IGFBP-4, PAPP-A, and STC2 were determined by immunoassays and IGF bioactivity by a cell-based assay. RESULTS: In pericardial fluid, the concentrations of total IGF-I, intact IGFBP-4, and STC2 were 72 ± 10%, 91 ± 5%, and 40 ± 24% lower than in plasma, while PAPP-A was 15 times more concentrated. The levels of the 2 IGFBP-4 fragments generated by PAPP-A and reflecting PAPP-A activity were elevated by more than 25%. IGF bioactivity was 62 ± 81% higher in the pericardial fluid than plasma. Moreover, pericardial fluid levels of both IGFBP-4 fragments correlated with the concentration of PAPP-A and with the bioactivity of IGF. All protein levels were similar in pericardial fluid from nondiabetic and diabetic subjects. CONCLUSIONS: PAPP-A increases IGF bioactivity by cleavage of IGFBP-4 in the pericardial cavity of cardiovascular disease patients. This study provides evidence for a distinct local activity of the IGF system, which may promote cardiac dysfunction and coronary atherosclerosis.
Bayesian spatiotemporal modelling for disease mapping: an application to preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in Florida, United States.; Morbidities generally show patterns of concentration that vary by space and time. Disease mapping models are useful in estimating the spatiotemporal patterns of disease risks and are therefore pivotal for effective disease surveillance, resource allocation, and the development of prevention strategies. This study considers six spatiotemporal Bayesian hierarchical models based on two spatial conditional autoregressive priors. It could serve as a guideline on the development and application of Bayesian hierarchical models to assess the emerging risk trends, risk clustering, and spatial inequality trends, with estimation of covariables' effects on the interested disease risk. The method is applied to the Florida Birth Record data between 2006 and 2015 to study two cardiovascular risk factors: preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. High-risk clusters were detected in North Central Florida for preeclampsia and in Central Florida for gestational diabetes. While the adjusted disease trend was stable, spatial inequality peaked in 2011-2012 for both diseases. Exposure to PM2.5 at first or/and second trimester increased the risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, but the magnitude is less severe compared to previous studies. In conclusion, this study underscores the significance of selecting appropriate disease mapping models in estimating the intricate spatiotemporal patterns of disease risk and suggests the importance of localized interventions to reduce health disparities. The result also identified an opportunity to study potential risk factors of preeclampsia, as the spike of risk in North Central Florida cannot be explained by current covariables.
Intranasal insulin reverts central pathology and cognitive impairment in diabetic mother offspring.; BACKGROUND: Adverse effects in diabetic mothers offspring (DMO) are a major concern of increasing incidence. Among these, chronic central complications in DMO remain poorly understood, and in extreme cases, diabetes can essentially function as a gestational brain insult. Nevertheless, therapeutic alternatives for DMO are limited. METHODS: Therefore, we have analyzed the central long-term complications in the offspring from CD1 diabetic mothers treated with streptozotozin, as well as the possible reversion of these alterations by insulin administration to neonates. Brain atrophy, neuronal morphology, tau phosphorylation, proliferation and neurogenesis were assessed in the short term (P7) and in the early adulthood (10 weeks) and cognitive function was also analyzed in the long-term. RESULTS: Central complications in DMO were still detected in the adulthood, including cortical and hippocampal thinning due to synaptic loss and neuronal simplification, increased tau hyperphosphorylation, and diminished cell proliferation and neurogenesis. Additionally, maternal diabetes increased the long-term susceptibility to spontaneous central bleeding, inflammation and cognition impairment in the offspring. On the other hand, intracerebroventricular insulin administration to neonates significantly reduced observed alterations. Moreover, non-invasive intranasal insulin reversed central atrophy and tau hyperphosphorylation, and rescued central proliferation and neurogenesis. Vascular damage, inflammation and cognitive alterations were also comparable to their counterparts born to nondiabetic mice, supporting the utility of this pathway to access the central nervous system. CONCLUSIONS: Our data underlie the long-term effects of central complications in DMO. Moreover, observed improvement after insulin treatment opens the door to therapeutic alternatives for children who are exposed to poorly controlled gestational diabetes, and who may benefit from more individualized treatments.
Congenital malformations in experimental diabetic pregnancy: aetiology and antioxidative treatment. Minireview based on a doctoral thesis.; Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy causes congenital malformations in the offspring. The aim of this work was to characterize biochemical and morphologic anomalies in the conceptus of an animal model of diabetic pregnancy. In addition, a preventive treatment against diabetes-induced dysmorphogenesis was developed. Congenital cataract was often found in the offspring of diabetic rats. The fetal lenses had increased water accumulation, sorbitol concentration and aldose reductase activity compared to control lenses. The results suggest that the cataracts form via osmotic attraction of water due to sorbitol accumulation in the fetal lens. Another set of malformations, with possible neural crest cell origin, occurred frequently in offspring of diabetic rats. These included low set ears, micrognathia, hypoplasia of the thymus, thyroid and parathyroid glands, as well as anomalies of the heart and great vessels. Furthermore, diabetes caused intrauterine death and resorptions more frequently in the late part of gestation. When the pregnant diabetic rats were treated with the antioxidants butylated hydroxytoluene, vitamin E or vitamin C, the occurrence of gross malformations was reduced from approximately 25% to less than 8%, and late resorptions from 17% to 7%. This suggests that an abnormal handling of reactive oxygen species (ROS) is involved in diabetes-induced dysmorphogenesis in vivo. Indeed, an increased concentration of lipid peroxides, indicating damage caused by ROS, was found in fetuses of diabetes rats. In addition, embryos of diabetic rats had low concentrations of the antioxidant vitamin E compared to control embryos. These biochemical alterations were normalized by vitamin E treatment of the pregnant diabetic rats. The antioxidants are likely to have prevented ROS injury in the embryos of the diabetic rats, in particular in the neural crest cells, thereby normalizing embryonic development. These results provide a rationale for developing new anti-teratogenic treatments for pregnant women with diabetes mellitus.
A case of severe diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; Proliferative retinopathy is a recognized long-term complication of diabetes and the commonest cause of blindness in young people. There is, however, some uncertainty regarding counselling given on the continuation of pregnancy when it is complicated by retinopathy. This case is used to highlight this difficulty and to discuss management based on literature review.
Regulation of sinus node pacemaking and atrioventricular node conduction by HCN channels in health and disease.; The funny current, I(f), was first recorded in the heart 40 or more years ago by Dario DiFrancesco and others. Since then, we have learnt that I(f) plays an important role in pacemaking in the sinus node, the innate pacemaker of the heart, and more recently evidence has accumulated to show that I(f) may play an important role in action potential conduction through the atrioventricular (AV) node. Evidence has also accumulated to show that regulation of the transcription and translation of the underlying Hcn genes plays an important role in the regulation of sinus node pacemaking and AV node conduction under normal physiological conditions - in athletes, during the circadian rhythm, in pregnancy, and during postnatal development - as well as pathological states - ageing, heart failure, pulmonary hypertension, diabetes and atrial fibrillation. There may be yet more pathological conditions involving changes in the expression of the Hcn genes. Here, we review the role of I(f) and the underlying HCN channels in physiological and pathological changes of the sinus and AV nodes and we begin to explore the signalling pathways (microRNAs, transcription factors, GIRK4, the autonomic nervous system and inflammation) involved in this regulation. This review is dedicated to Dario DiFrancesco on his retirement.
Neonatal 24-hour urinary C-peptide and birth weight in infants of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to investigate the relationship between the birth weights and 24-h urinary C-peptide in infants of diabetic mothers. METHODS: Sixty pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) were enrolled. Neonatal urine was collected for the first and second 24 h for measuring C-peptide. Birth weights were classified into 3 categories according to the Japanese standard curves; heavy-for-date (HFD), appropriate-for-date (AFD), and light-for-date (LFD). Unpaired t-test was used for comparison of 24-h urinary C-peptide in the 3 birth weight categories, with P-value <0.05. There were 7 HFD, 47 AFD, and 6 LFD infants. Birth weight averaged 3.9+/-0.7, 3.0+/-0.4, and 2.3+/-0.3 kg, respectively. RESULTS: Insulin concentrations of the umbilical artery were significantly higher in HFD than in AFD, and significantly higher in AFD than in LFD (49.5+/-45.1, 16.8+/-15.2, and 6.3+/-6.1 microU/ml). During the first 24 h, urinary C-peptide was significantly higher in HFD than in AFD (2.73+/-1.52 vs. 0.76+/-0.81 microg/day), and significantly higher in AFD than in LFD (0.27+/-0.27). On the second day, there was no longer statistical significance. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of 24-h urinary C-peptide revealed that, among infants of diabetic mothers, HFD infants continue to secrete more insulin than AFD and LFD infants for the first 24 h.
Closing the gap: the problem of diabetes mellitus in the United States. The Carter Center of Emory University.; Diabetes mellitus is a major public health problem and a leading cause of death, disability, and cost in the United States. We review the epidemiology of diabetes and its complications, the costs of diabetes, and discuss intervention strategies to reduce the burden of diabetes in the United States.
Trends and burden of diabetes in pregnancy among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers in Western Australia, 1998-2015.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), which includes pre-gestational and gestational diabetes, is more prevalent among Aboriginal women. DIP and its adverse neonatal outcomes are associated with diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This study investigated the impact of DIP on trends of large for gestational age (LGA) in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal populations, and added to the limited evidence on temporal trends of DIP burden in these populations. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study that included all births in Western Australia between 1998 and 2015 using linked population health datasets. Time trends of age-standardised and crude rates of pre-gestational and gestational diabetes were estimated in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers. Mixed-effects multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DIP and population LGA trends over time. RESULTS: Over the study period, there were 526,319 births in Western Australia, of which 6.4% were to Aboriginal mothers. The age-standardised annual rates of pre-gestational diabetes among Aboriginal mothers rose from 4.3% in 1998 to 5.4% in 2015 and remained below 1% in non-Aboriginal women. The comparable rates for gestational diabetes increased from 6.7 to 11.5% over the study period in Aboriginal women, and from 3.5 to 10.2% among non-Aboriginal mothers. LGA rates in Aboriginal babies remained high with inconsistent and no improvement in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and pre-gestational diabetes, respectively. Regression analyses showed that DIP explained a large part of the increasing LGA rates over time in Aboriginal babies. CONCLUSIONS: There has been a substantial increase in the burden of pre-gestational diabetes (Aboriginal women) and gestational diabetes (Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal) in recent decades. DIP appears to substantially contribute to increasing trends in LGA among Aboriginal babies.
The greater renin system. Its prorenin-directed vasodilator limb. Relevance to diabetes mellitus, pregnancy, and hypertension.; A greater renin system is proposed. Evidence is presented that a greater renin system exists that has both vasodilator and vasoconstrictor properties. Vasodilator activity is induced by prorenin, vasoconstrictor activity by renin. Our model is based on evidence that both prorenin and renin have the capacity to generate angiotensin and that angiotensin causes vasodilation at high concentrations and vasoconstriction at low concentrations. In our model, prorenin acts only at particular target sites while renin of renal origin acts via the general circulation. Prorenin's designation as a biosynthetic precursor implies lack of intrinsic catalytic activity whereas in fact it can become reversibly active. Activation may occur in vivo at binding sites without cleavage of the prosequence. In this framework, prorenin should be more aptly called renin I and circulating active renin, renin II. In our model, the role of renin I (prorenin) is to generate localized high concentrations of angiotensin II, eg, in the afferent arteriole of the kidney and in other vital organs, causing regional dilation by rendering tissues insensitive (tachyphylactic) to the vasoconstrictor effect of circulating angiotensin II or by releasing vasodilator substances. The role of renin II (active renin) is to constrict resistance vessels and the efferent arteriole of the kidney, thereby raising blood pressure, maintaining glomerular filtration rate, and enabling more blood flow to those organs that selectively bind prorenin. This twin control system is ideally designed to maintain blood flow to vital organs.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Raison d'être of insulin resistance: the adjustable threshold hypothesis.; The epidemics of obesity and diabetes demand a deeper understanding of insulin resistance, for which the adjustable threshold hypothesis is formed in this paper. To test the hypothesis, mathematical modelling was used to analyse clinical data and to simulate biological processes at both molecular and organismal levels. I found that insulin resistance roots in the thresholds of the cell's bistable response. By assuming heterogeneity of the thresholds, single cells' all-or-none response can collectively produce a graded response at the whole-body level-conforming to existing data. The thresholds have to be adjustable to adapt to extreme conditions. During pregnancy, for example, the thresholds increase consistently to strengthen the mother's insulin resistance to meet the increasing glucose demand of the expanding fetal brain. I also found that hysteresis, a key element of the adjustable threshold hypothesis, can explain reactive hypoglycaemia, which is characteristic of diabetes complications but remains poorly understood. Contrary to the common belief that insulin promotes glucose disposal, the results imply that insulin is the body's 'ration stamp' to restricting glucose utilization by peripheral tissues and that insulin resistance is primarily a well-evolved mechanism. The hypothesis provides an intuitive and dynamical description of the previously formless insulin resistance, which may make the detection of pre-diabetes possible and may shed light on the optimal timing of therapeutic intervention. It also provides valuable clues to defining subtypes of type 2 diabetes that might respond differently to specific prevention and intervention strategies.
Periconception glycemic control and congenital anomalies in women with pregestational diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: To assess the relationship between periconception glycemic control and congenital anomalies in a contemporary, diverse population of women with pregestational diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women with pregestational diabetes at a single institution (2003-2017) in the USA. The primary outcome was frequency of major or minor congenital anomalies. Glycemic control was assessed by periconception glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). The association of periconception HbA1c with pregnancy outcomes was assessed using bivariable and multivariable analyses. RESULTS: Our sample included 351 women, of which 63.8% had type 2 diabetes. Our study cohort is racially and ethnically diverse, with approximately equal numbers of women identifying as white non-Hispanic, black non-Hispanic and Hispanic, with 3.4% identifying as Asian. Of these 351 women, 52 (14.8%) had a fetus with a congenital anomaly, of whom the majority (n=43) had a major anomaly. Over half (51.1%) of all major anomalies were cardiovascular. Compared with the group with the best glycemic control (HbA1c ≤7.4%), which had an anomaly frequency of 10.2%, the frequency of congenital anomalies increased significantly with each category of worsening glycemic control (HbA1c 7.5%-9.4%: 20.6%, adjusted OR (aOR) 2.35, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.08 to 5.13; HbA1c 9.5% to 11.4%: 25.8%, aOR 2.86, 95% CI 1.08 to 7.59; HbA1c ≥11.5%: 37.5%, aOR 7.66, 95% CI 2.27 to 25.9). CONCLUSION: In a diverse cohort of women with pregestational diabetes, higher periconception HbA1c, especially HbA1c >9.5, was significantly associated with major congenital fetal anomalies. Our study sample is reflective of the current population of pregnant women with diabetes, including women with type 2 diabetes and from racial and ethnic minorities.
The nonstress test as a diagnostic test: a critical reappraisal.; In the past decade the nonstress test has become a major method of assessing high-risk pregnancy. Although many studies have been published, there has been a lack of rigorous adherence to the standard criteria for diagnostic testing, that is, presentation of test specificity, sensitivity, predictive value, and the prevalence of abnormal outcomes in the populations studied. Furthermore, the populations studied vary widely in composition, testing conditions, methods of test interpretation, and clinical management. The authors undertake a review of these studies, with a focus on these issues, in an attempt to indicate potential problems involved in current test usage and to suggest avenues for needed clinical investigation.
Pregnancy in women 50 or more years of age: outcomes of 22 consecutively established pregnancies from oocyte donation.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the reproductive and obstetric outcomes of women > or = 50 years attempting pregnancy using donor oocytes. SETTING: The IVF program at the University of Southern California. PATIENTS: Thirty-six postmenopausal women aged 50 to 59 years, mean 52.3 +/- 2.6 years (mean +/- SD) were screened medically, reproductively, and psychologically and enrolled in a trial of oocyte donation. INTERVENTIONS: Recipients underwent hormone replacement therapy using oral micronized E2 and IM administered P. Oocytes were provided by designated gamete donors (mean age 30.5 +/- 4.4 years). Embryos (4.3 +/- 1.2) were transferred transcervically. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Rates for embryo implantation, spontaneous abortion, ongoing and delivered pregnancies, as well as the gestational age at delivery, birthweights, complications, and postpartum outcomes. RESULTS: Forty-five aspirations resulted in 22 pregnancies (48.9%): 3 preclinical, 2 ending in spontaneous abortion, and 17 viable pregnancies (37.8%). The embryo implantation rate was 20.6%. Nine of 17 pregnancies (52.9%) were multiple gestations (6 twins; 1 triplet; and 2 quadruplets, selectively terminated to twins). All pregnancies delivered beyond 32 weeks: mean gestational age for singletons was 38.4 +/- 1.9 weeks (range 35 to 41 weeks); mean gestational age for twins was 36.3 +/- 1.4 weeks (range 34 to 38 weeks); the triplet pregnancy delivered at 32 weeks. Complications occurred in eight patients; gestational hypertension (n = 7), preterm labor (n = 3), gestational diabetes (n = 2), and pre-eclampsia (n = 1). One infant was trisomy-21. CONCLUSION: Patients > or = 50 years experience similar pregnancy rates after oocyte donation as younger women and are at equal risk for multiple gestation. Antenatal complications were experienced by the majority of patients, underscoring the importance of high risk obstetric surveillance and care.
[Hypertension after gestational hyperglycemia].; OBJECTIVE: To compare hypertension frequency in women, 3 to 12 years after the index-pregnancy, when they were classified into 4 groups: NGT: normal glucose tolerance; GHG: gestational hyperglycemia; GDM: gestacional diabetes mellitus; GDM plus GHG. METHODS: From 3,113 pregnant women, 535 were participants and selected by a process that was randomized and proportional to the group number. NGT women were different from the others in most of the clinical parameters. All women had their blood pressure evaluated. Statistical analyses were performed by Goodman's and chi-square tests. RESULTS: Hypertension frequency was higher in GDM plus GHG women than in NGT women (40.9 vs. 23.6%; P<0.05). It was similar in GHG and GDM women and not different from NGT and GDM plus GHG women (28.3 and 31.2%, respectively). To have been in GDM plus GHG group increases the risk of hypertension twice. CONCLUSION: Women with previous GDM plus GHG have higher risk of hypertension, in addition to that of type 2 diabetes.
Preconception leisure-time physical activity and family history of stroke and myocardial infarction associate with preterm delivery: findings from a Norwegian cohort.; BACKGROUND: Preterm birth poses short and long-term health consequences for mothers and offspring including cardiovascular disease sequelae. However, studies evaluating preexisting family history of cardiovascular disease and risk factors, such as physical activity, as they relate prospectively to risk of delivering preterm are lacking. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate whether preconception past-year weekly leisure-time physical activity or a family history of stroke or of myocardical infarction prior to age 60 years in first degree relatives associated, prospectively, with preterm delivery. DESIGN: Cohort study. Baseline data from Cohort Norway (1994-2003) health surveys were linked to the Medical Birth Registry of Norway for identification of all subsequent births (1994-2012). Logistic regression models provided odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for preterm delivery (< 37 weeks gestation); multinomial logistic regression provided OR for early preterm (< 34 weeks) and late preterm (34 through to end of 36 weeks gestation) relative to term deliveries. RESULTS: Mean (SD) length of time from baseline health survey participation to delivery was 5.6 (3.5) years. A family history of stroke associated with a 62% greater risk for late preterm deliveries (OR 1.62; CI 1.07-2.47), while a family history of myocardial infarction associated with a 66% greater risk of early preterm deliveries (OR 1.66; CI 1.11-2.49). Sensitivity analyses, removing pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, and stillbirth deliveries, gave similar results. Preconception vigorous physical activity of three or more hours relative to less than 1 h per week associated with increased risk of early preterm delivery (OR 1.52; 95% CI 1.01-2.30), but not late or total preterm deliveries. Light physical activity of three or more hours per week relative to less activity prior to pregnancy was not associated with early, late, or total preterm deliveries. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that family history of cardiovascular disease may help identify women at risk for preterm delivery. Further, research is needed regarding preconception and very early pregnancy vigorous physical activity and associated risks.
Stable ischemic heart disease in women: current perspectives.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women accounting for 1 in every 4 female deaths. Pathophysiology of ischemic heart disease in women includes epicardial coronary artery, endothelial dysfunction, coronary vasospasm, plaque erosion and spontaneous coronary artery dissection. Angina is the most common presentation of stable ischemic heart disease (SIHD) in women. Risk factors for SIHD include traditional risks such as older age, obesity (body mass index [BMI] >25 kg/m(2)), smoking, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disease, sedentary lifestyle, family history of premature coronary artery disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus, and nontraditional risk factors, such as gestational diabetes, insulin resistance/polycystic ovarian disease, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, menopause, mental stress and autoimmune diseases. Diagnostic testing can be used effectively to risk stratify women. Guidelines-directed medical therapy including aspirin, statins, beta-blocker therapy, calcium channel blockers and ranolazine should be instituted for symptom and ischemia management. Despite robust evidence regarding the adverse outcomes seen in women with ischemic heart disease, knowledge gaps exist in several areas. Future research needs to be directed toward a greater understanding of the role of nontraditional risk factors for SIHD in women, gaining deeper insights into the sex differences in therapeutic effects and formulating a sex-specific algorithm for the management of SIHD in women.
Glycosylated hemoglobins and diabetes mellitus.; Glycosylated hemoglobins result from post-translational changes in the hemoglobin molecule, and their levels correlate well with glycemic levels over the previous six to 10 weeks. Their use as an aid in monitoring diabetic control appears to be well established, but their value in predicting complications of diabetes and in diagnosing milder forms of diabetes is as yet unknown. Of the numerous methods available for the analysis of glycosylated hemoglobins, none has been evaluated extensively in a routine laboratory setting. However, liquid chromatography, isoelectric focusing, and radioimmunoassay techniques all give adequate results. For the purposes of monitoring long term diabetic control, assay of the fast hemoglobin fraction (AIa+b+c) appears adequate. However, for investigative purposes, when optimal sensitivity may be required, specific measurement of hemoglobin AIc is recommended.
The relationship of the nonstress test to gestational age.; Five hundred ninety-three nonstress tests were performed on 41 obstetric patients, at gestational ages ranging from 20 to 40 weeks. Diagnoses included 10 cases of prematurity, six cases of diabetes mellitus, five cases of collagen-vascular disease, five cases of poor obstetric history, three cases of cardiac arrhythmia, and one case each of asthma, polyhydramnios, leukemia, nonimmune fetal hydrops; and eight volunteers were without high-risk factors. All neonates had a 5-minute Apgar score greater than 8; 29 neonates weighed greater than or equal to 2500 gm, 12 weighed less than 2500 gm, and four weighed less than 1500 gm. One neonate died of prematurity, and one was small for gestational age. There were no congenital anomalies. There was a significant difference in the number of reactive nonstress tests and nonreactive nonstress tests between the 20- to 24-week, 24- to 28-week, 28- to 32-week, and 32- to 36-week gestational age groups. The increased incidence of nonreactive nonstress tests at earlier gestational ages may have clinical implications.
Vascular morphology in diabetic placentas.; Diabetic metabolism is reflected in the fetal blood and gives rise to diabetic angiopathy in the placenta. Capillary proliferation takes place with small newly formed vessels penetrating deeply into the trophoblast. Also signs of accelerated aging are found with thickening of the capillary basement membrane. Glycogen deposit/storage seems typical of diabetic placenta together with increased fibrosis. Uncertainty exists as to the degree of maturation of the trophoblast.
Metabolic phenotyping by treatment modality in obese women with gestational diabetes suggests diverse pathophysiology: An exploratory study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Excess insulin resistance is considered the predominant pathophysiological mechanism in obese women who develop gestational diabetes (GDM). We hypothesised that obese women requiring differing treatment modalities for GDM may have diverse underlying metabolic pathways. METHODS: In this secondary analysis of the UK pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT) we studied women from the control arm with complete biochemical data at three gestational time points; at 15-18+6 and 27-28+6 weeks (before treatment), and 34-36+0 weeks (after treatment). A total of 89 analytes were measured (plasma/serum) using a targeted nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) platform and conventional assays. We used linear regression with appropriate adjustment to model metabolite concentration, stratified by treatment group. MAIN FINDINGS: 300 women (median BMI 35kg/m2; inter quartile range 32.8-38.2) were studied. 71 developed GDM; 28 received dietary treatment only, 20 metformin, and 23 received insulin. Prior to the initiation of treatment, multiple metabolites differed (p<0.05) between the diet and insulin-treated groups, especially very large density lipoprotein (VLDL) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) subclasses and constituents, with some differences maintained at 34-36 weeks' gestation despite treatment. Gestational lipid profiles of the diet treatment group were indicative of a lower insulin resistance profile, when compared to both insulin-treated women and those without GDM. At 28 weeks' the diet treatment group had lower plasma fasting glucose and insulin than women treated with insulin, yet similar to those without GDM, consistent with a glycaemic mechanism independent of insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This exploratory study suggests that GDM pathophysiological processes may differ amongst obese women who require different treatment modalities to achieve glucose control and can be revealed using metabolic profiling.
Retinal vessel diameters confound the relationship of pregnancy to retinopathy and infant outcomes in T1D.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether: 1) retinal vessel diameters in pregnant and non-pregnant women with type 1 diabetes (T1D) alter the relationship of pregnancy to severity of diabetic retinopathy (DR); and 2) retinal vessel diameters in early pregnancy alter the relationship of severity of DR in the mother to severe adverse outcome in the infant. METHODS: Two cohorts of women with T1D, one composed of pregnant women and the other of non-pregnant women of child-bearing age, were recruited in Wisconsin. Baseline examinations (including retinal photography and collection of diabetes-related characteristics) were conducted, with follow-up approximately one year later. Retinal images were graded according to the modified Airlie House classification protocol, and retinal vessel diameters were measured from digitized images. The latter were included in analyses as central retinal arteriolar equivalent (CRAE) and central retinal venular equivalent (CRVE). RESULTS: In multivariate models: 1) Pregnancy was significantly associated with both incidence (OR = 4.43, CI = 1.42-13.79) and progression (OR = 2.62, CI = 1.52-4.51) of DR. Neither CRAE nor CRVE were significant, but their addition modestly altered the associations of pregnancy to worsening DR; 2) Baseline retinopathy (OR = 1.28, CI = 1.05-1.57) was associated with severe adverse outcome in the infant. This association was unchanged by adjustment for retinal vessel diameters. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy is associated with worsening DR in women with T1D. DR severity in early pregnancy is associated with severe adverse outcome in the infant. The retinal vessel diameters CRAE and CRVE were not associated with these outcomes but were modest confounders of the association of pregnancy to worsening DR.
Should physicians prescribe metformin to women with polycystic ovary syndrome PCOS?; 1. Metformin is not efficient enough in order to regulate menstrual cycles. 2.Metformin is not efficient enough in order to treat hyperandrogenism. 3. Metformin should not be used as a first-line treatment in order to treat infertility. Clomiphene citrate (CC) is the reference treatment. 4. Metformin in addition to CC is not recommended as a second line treatment, after the failure of CC alone. 5. Metformin should not be used during pregnancy in non diabetic women with PCOS, in order to prevent the risk of gestational diabetes. 6. Metformin should be prescribed to PCOS women when they are diabetic, in order to prevent their cardiovascular risk, after lifestyle modification. 7. Metformin should not be used in PCOS non diabetic women in order to lose weight. Metformin should not be used in order to treat dyslipidemia in women with PCOS. 8. In PCOS women, without diabetes, but with fasting hyperglycemia or carbohydrate intolerance, metformin should be prescribed if: BMI>35.
[Diabetic fetopathy].; Studies of the endocrine system, internal organs and vessels of the microcirculatory bed were carried out in infants whose mothers suffered from diabetes mellitus. It was established that late diabetic fetopathy was essentially fetal diabetes developed against the background of relative insufficiency of insulin due to overstrain and depletion of the insular apparatus of the fetus. Fetal diabetes was characterized by generalized microangiopathy in the development of which a leading role belonged to hypercorticoidism.
Routine use of antenatal nonstress tests in pregnant women with diabetes-What is the practice?; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancies complicated by maternal preexisting diabetes have a 4-5-fold increased risk of stillbirth, and consequently routine antenatal nonstress testing (NST) was implemented into clinical practice decades ago. Though, international guidelines lack consensus and recommend anything from twice weekly testing from 32 weeks to once weekly testing from 38 weeks. The objective of this study was to examine how routine antenatal NST was used in centers with specific interest and dedication in the care of pregnant women with preexisting diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: An electronic survey concerning the routine use of antenatal NST was sent to members of the European Diabetic Pregnancy Study Group (DPSG) between October 2016 and January 2017, representing in total 55 centers in 26 countries taking care of pregnant women with diabetes. RESULTS: Answers from 38 centers (69.1 % (38/55)) in 22 countries were received. Based on real world information from these primarily European centers, anything from avoiding routine antenatal NST to testing twice weekly from early in third trimester in women with preexisting diabetes was reported. NST was commonly used (71.1 % of centers) if insulin treatment was needed. NST was also used among diet treated women with type 2 diabetes in several places. The use varied markedly within and between countries. The most common practice was routine NST once weekly from 32 weeks. CONCLUSION: Among pregnant women with preexisting diabetes, routine antenatal testing practice with NST differs considerably both within and between countries. Studies examining the cost benefit of routine antenatal NST in pregnancies in women with the different types of diabetes are needed.
Lipoprotein(a) is not related to markers of insulin resistance in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Dyslipidemia, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease is a common finding in patients with type 2 diabetes and among women with gestational diabetes. Elevated levels of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] are linked to increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, its relationship with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes is controversial and unproven. Here we aimed to clarify whether Lp(a) levels are associated with insulin sensitivity in pregnancy. METHODS: Sixty-four women with gestational diabetes and 165 with normal glucose tolerance were enrolled in the study. Fasting Lp(a) serum levels were measured in all women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: In pregnancy, there was no significant difference in serum Lp(a) concentrations between the two groups. Its level did not correlate with markers of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S%), pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-B%) and insulin sensitivity in dynamic conditions (OGIS). In addition, fasting glucose and insulin levels and those throughout an oral glucose tolerance test were independent of Lp(a) concentrations in our study group. CONCLUSIONS: Lp(a) levels in pregnant women do not differ with respect to the presence or absence of gestational diabetes. Although influenced by some components of the lipid profile, such as triglycerides and HDL-C, insulin resistance in pregnancy is not affected by Lp(a).
Hypertensive pregnancy complications and maternal characteristics as predictors of cardiovascular health within ten years after delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the combination of maternal characteristics in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) associated with hypertensive and other cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) within ten years following delivery. The aim is to understand who should receive the most intensive primary cardiovascular disease prevention. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective cohort study. MAIN OUTCOME: The population was the FINNPEC cohort (2008-2011), including women with (n = 1837) and without (n = 847) HDP. The main exposures were maternal hypertensive pregnancy complications linked with maternal pregnancy data from hospital records. The outcomes were hypertensive diseases and other CVDs (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision). RESULTS: Women with de novo pre-eclampsia (PE) had an elevated risk for hypertensive diseases within ten years following delivery. The risk of CVD was increased in women with superimposed PE and chronic hypertension (CHT) only. Women with de novo PE and hypertensive diseases were more often primiparous (41.4% vs. 23.0%, p = 0.020), had gestational diabetes (GDM) (31.0% vs. 11.7%, p = 0.002), and higher pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) (28.7 ± 5.8 vs. 24.6 ± 4.8 kg/m(2), p = 0.001), compared with women who remained normotensive. Women with superimposed PE with CVD had more likely early-onset PE, preterm delivery and were older than women without later CVD. CONCLUSIONS: Healthcare professionals should target early prevention of CVDs in women with chronic hypertension during pregnancy; of those who developed superimposed PE prior to 34th weeks of gestation and who delivered preterm. Women with de novo PE who are overweight/obese, primiparous, and with concurrent GDM need regular blood pressure monitoring.
Extensive congenital malformations in two siblings. Maternal pre-diabetes or a new syndrome?; Two sibs with similar and unusual abnormalities (skeletal malformations, cheilognatopalatoschizis, ear dysplasia, heart malformation) are described. The question as to whether these cases represent a previously undescribed recessive syndrome is discussed.
Pulmonary embolism: a clinician's perspective.; Recent advances in the management of patients with suspected pulmonary embolism (PE) have both improved diagnostic accuracy as well as made management algorithms safer and more accessible. Physicians need to more frequently consider PE in patients with chest pain or dyspnea and should be aware of the proper diagnostic approach. Diagnostic strategies should include pretest clinical probability, D-dimer assays, and imaging tests. Although it has been proven that the use of algorithms result in better outcomes, there are patient-specific issues that must be considered. Approaches that use computed tomographic pulmonary angiography or ventilation-perfusion (V/Q) scanning appear equally safe, but each approach has advantages and disadvantages that should be appreciated to provide the best care. Ongoing clinical trials are evaluating whether these diagnostic processes can be made even easier and less expensive. Importantly, patients at low risk with a negative D-dimer can avoid imaging tests and those at moderate risk with a negative high sensitivity D-dimer can have venous thromboembolism excluded without the need for imaging. However, these patients also represent those most likely to have false-positive tests and clinically irrelevant PE. V/Q scanning may be more appropriate in premenopausal women, in those with renal dysfunction or diabetes, in those with known contrast allergies, and perhaps in patients with known family history of breast cancer. As with any illness, there is room for improvement in the management of PE, but it remains unknown whether preventive measures, diagnosis, treatment modalities, or physician or patient education should be the focus.
A controlled study of the influence of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion treatment on diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.; Forty consecutive pregnant patients with insulin-dependent (Type I) diabetes mellitus were randomized at the end of the first trimester for treatment with conventional insulin therapy (CIT) or continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion therapy (CSII). Nine patients randomized into the CSII group declined the pump treatment. The mean glycosylated haemoglobin (Hb AIc) decreased (p less than 0.001) both in the CIT and the CSII groups with no difference between the groups. Some deterioration in retinopathy was found in 2/18 patients in the CIT group, in 5/13 in the CSII group, and in 3/9 of those who declined the pump treatment. The proportion of patients whose retinopathy progressed did not differ significantly between the groups, and in the majority the deterioration was mild. However, two patients in the CSII group developed acute ischaemic retinopathy, which progressed to proliferative stage in spite of laser treatment. In these two cases the decrease in the Hb AIc level was among the greatest and fastest in the study. These data suggest that a rapid near normalization of glycaemic control by CSII during pregnancy can accelerate the progress of retinopathy in poorly controlled diabetic patients.
The association between low birth weight and mothers diseases in Iran: A case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Neonates are too vulnerable that low birth weight (LBW) and preterm birth can easily threaten their lives. Demographic, social and environmental factors as well as health care are contributing factors for LBW. The study was conducted in 10 provinces of Iran to investigate the association between LBW and mother's diseases. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted in 10 provinces of Iran on 2580 mothers (712 cases and 1868 controls) referred to public health care centers. We used a questionnaire to collect data. For univariate analysis we used chi-square test and for multivariable analysis we used logistic regression model. RESULTS: LBW was significantly associated with living in rural area (OR = 1.4 CI: 1.14-1.71), having body mass index (BMI)<18 (OR = 1.48 CI: 1.14-1.92), being a housewife (OR = 1.65 CI: 1.07-2.53), having high blood pressure (OR = 1.91 CI: 1.26-2.88), and having pregnancy without testing for diabetes (OR = 1.91 CI: 1.44-2.54). Minor thalassemia, hypothyroidism, oral health care and headache were not significant predictors for LBW. CONCLUSION: In this study, we observed that place of residence, BMI before pregnancy, mother's occupation and gestational diabetes were significant predictors of LBW. It is necessary to improve women's awareness about prenatal health care before pregnancy to avoid LBW.
Proliferative sickle cell retinopathy associated with sickle cell trait and gestational diabetes: case report.; Proliferative sickle cell retinopathy is an uncommon complication in individuals with sickle cell trait (AS). However, the risk for proliferative retinopathy development is increased in patients with AS hemoglobinopathy associated with systemic conditions or ocular trauma. A case of a patient with AS hemoglobinopathy who developed proliferative sickle cell retinopathy after the occurrence of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension is reported. Hemoglobin electrophoresis revealed presence of A2 5.0%, S 35.0% and A 53.2%. The present case emphasizes the importance of evaluating systemic comorbidities in patients with sickle cell trait during pregnancy since sickle cell retinopathy can progress rapidly, as well as the importance of regular eye fundus examination in these patients.
Preeclampsia-eclampsia and future cardiovascular risk among women in Taiwan.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to examine the long-term cardiovascular and cerebrovascular risks in a large cohort of women with past history of preeclampsia and/or eclampsia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a retrospective longitudinal study using National Health Insurance Research Database from 1996 to 2010. We identified 1295 women with preeclampsia and eclampsia. The control group was 5180 pregnant women without preeclampsia/eclampsia, who were matched for age and date of delivery. The incidences of diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension and cardiovascular events after pregnancy were identified from medical records after the date of delivery to the date of an event or the end of the study. RESULTS: The median follow-up duration was 9.8 years (interquartile 5.1-12.7 years). The incidences of diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, congestive heart failure and cerebrovascular disease events were significantly greater in women with eclampsia or preeclampsia than those in controls. Eclampsia or preeclampsia increased the risk of diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, congestive heart failure and cerebrovascular disease events (hazard ratio [HR] 3.84 and 5.42, P < 0.0001; HR 2.75 and 3.40, P < 0.0001; HR 6.52 and 7.31, P < 0.0001; HR 9.07, P = 0.0060 and 7.39, P < 0.0001; HR 10.71, P < 0.0001 and 3.47, P = 0.0048, respectively). The survival curves for the development of congestive heart failure and cerebrovascular disease in women with eclampsia/preeclampsia and in control differed significantly (Log-rank test P < 0.0001). From the curve, we can find dramatic increases of congestive heart failure and cerebrovascular disease incidences at roughly 3 years and 10 years since the diagnosis of eclampsia/preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Our study revealed that women with a history of preeclampsia/eclampsia were at increased risks for subsequent diagnoses of diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, congestive heart failure and cerebrovascular disease. Preventive counseling, more vigilant screening and management for the modifiable risks should be provided to the affected women. Clinicians should closely monitor these patients in the first three years postpartum and continuously for up to at least a decade.
Gestational Diabetes Triggers Oxidative Stress in Hippocampus and Cerebral Cortex and Cognitive Behavior Modifications in Rat Offspring: Age- and Sex-Dependent Effects.; Gestational diabetes (GD) has been linked with an increased risk of developing metabolic disorders and behavioral abnormalities in the offspring. Oxidative stress is strongly associated with neurodegeneration and cognitive disruption. In the offspring brains in a GD experimental rat model, increased oxidative stress in the prenatal and postnatal stages was reported. However, long-term alterations to offspring behavior and oxidative stress, caused by changes in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus, remain unclear. In this study, we evaluated the effect of GD on young and adult male and female rat offspring in metabolic parameters, cognitive behavior, and oxidative stress. GD was induced using streptozotocin in dams. Next, the offspring were evaluated at two and six months of age. Anxiety-like behavior was evaluated using the elevated plus maze and open field maze; spatial learning and short-term memory were evaluated using the Morris water maze and radial maze, respectively. We determined oxidative stress biomarkers (reactive oxygen species (ROS), lipid peroxidation and glutathione status) and antioxidant enzymes (superoxide dismutase and catalase) in the brain of offspring. We observed that male GD offspring showed a reduced level of anxiety at both ages as they spent less time in the closed arms of the elevated plus maze at adult age ((P = 0.019, d = 1.083 ( size effect)) and spent more time in the open area of an open field (P = 0.0412, d = 0.743) when young and adult age (P = 0.018, d = 0.65). Adult female GD offspring showed a reduced level of anxiety (P = 0.036; d = 0.966), and young female GD offspring showed a deficiency in spatial learning (P = 0.0291 vs. control, d = 3.207). Adult male GD offspring showed a deficiency in short-term memory (P = 0.017, d = 1.795). We found an increase in ROS and lipid peroxidation, a disruption in the glutathione status, and decreased activity of catalase and superoxide dismutase (P < 0.05 vs. control, d > 1.0), in the cerebral cortex and hippocampus of male and female GD offspring. GD altered metabolism; male offspring of both ages and adult females showed a high level of triglycerides and a lower level of high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (P < 0.05 vs. control, d > 1.0). Young and adult female offspring displayed higher insulin levels (P < 0.05, d > 1.0). These results suggest that gestational diabetes modifies oxidative stress and cognitive behavior in an age- and sex-dependent manner.
Ischaemic heart disease and pregnancy: the tale of two stories.; Ischaemic heart disease (IHD) is presumed to be rare in pregnancy. Based on that assumption, patients go undiagnosed or undertreated. IHD in pregnancy frequently occurs as a result of an unusual aetiology, therefore each patient needs to be managed individually since each may present differently. This may pose challenges to the consulting clinician. Pregnancy itself is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, due to its associated hypercoagulable state. From current reports, the prevalence of IHD in females is increasing due to lifestyle changes, including cigarette smoking, diabetes and stress. In our modern societies, women delay childbearing until they are older, allowing time for risk factors to cluster. Although presumed to be rare in pregnant women, IHD is currently estimated to occur three to four times more often during pregnancy in middle- and high-income women, warranting an extensive review highlighting cases of IHD in pregnancy.
Comparing the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes of Chinese patients with polycystic ovary syndrome with and without antiandrogenic pretreatment.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the prevalence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in healthy Chinese women and to investigate whether these outcomes could be decreased in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) by ethinylestradiol/cyproterone acetate (EE/CPA) pretreatment. DESIGN: Retrospective study. SETTING: Medical university. PATIENT(S): Six thousand healthy women (group A) were selected from 24,566 pregnant women by randomized sampling. Four hundred forty-eight patients with PCOS without EE/CPA pretreatment were assigned to group B, and 222 patients with PCOS with 3 months of pretreatment to group C. All patients with PCOS had biochemical and/or clinical hyperandrogenism and conceived within 3 monthly ovulation inductions using clomiphene. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), premature delivery (PD), and neonatal birth weight. RESULT(S): The prevalence of GDM, PIH, and PD was higher in group B than in groups A and C (A vs. B vs. C: GDM, 21.2% vs. 35.0% vs. 22.5%; PIH, 6.5% vs. 14.1% vs. 7.7%; PD, 5.4% vs. 8.6% vs. 6.8%). No significant difference was found in neonatal birth weight. After adjusting for age, pregestational body mass index, education level, and employment status, PCOS without pretreatment increased the risk of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.666; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.340-2.072), PIH (aOR = 1.487; 95% CI, 1.093-2.023), and PD (aOR = 1.522; 95% CI 1.051-2.205), compared with healthy women. No increased risk was found in group C. CONCLUSION(S): In our highly selected study population, patients with PCOS are more likely to develop GDM, PIH, and PD. Pretreatment with EE/CPA was associated with a lower risk of GDM, PIH, and PD.
Gestational diabetes: costs and consequences.; Important new evidence regarding the relationships of maternal glucose to fetal growth and pregnancy complications have emerged in the last 5 years. Major international efforts are underway to translate this evidence into clinical practice and create international norms for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes. Consideration of the costs and benefits of the screening, diagnosis and treatment of gestational diabetes is complex but likely to be central to this translational programme.
Genetic syndrome suspicion: examples of clinical approach in the neonatal unit.; Overgrowth syndromes: the practical clinical approach. Excessive growth can be present in a variety of medical conditions as result of abnormal fetal metabolism (i.e., maternal gestational diabetes) or of an overgrowth syndrome. Within this latter group of diseases, a LGA newborn requires a complex differential diagnosis encompassing several syndromes, such as Beckwith-Wiedemman, Sotos, Weaver, Simpson-Golabi-Behmel, Perlman, and Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba. Partial or global overgrowth, other dysmorphisms, abdominal organs anomalies, as well as benign and malignant tumors are the common issues to examine for the diagnosis and the monitoring of all these disorders. The molecular bases of these conditions, even if partially known so far, can help in explaining the clinical features and prognosis. The diagnostic course, the genetic investigations and the follow-up of a LGA patient will be presented during the seminar. A wide clinical spectrum from esophageal atresia to VACTERL association. Oesophageal atresia (OA) occurs approximately in 1 in 3000 live births. It can be clinically divided into isolated and syndromic, when associated with other features. The aetiology is largely unknown and is likely to be multifactorial, however, various clues have been uncovered in animal experiments particularly defects in the expression of the gene Sonic hedgehog (Shh). The vast majority of cases are sporadic and the recurrence risk for siblings is 1%. Survival is directly related to birth weight and to the presence of a major cardiac defect. The VACTERL association refers to anomalies of the bony spinal column (V), atresias in the gastrointestinal tract (A), congenital heart lesions (C), tracheoesophageal defects (TE), renal and distal urinary tract anomalies (R) and limb lesions (L). The overall phenotype of a series of newborn patients we observed may vary widely, reflecting the aetiologic heterogeneity of this group of conditions. Therefore, possible additional defects must be accurately investigated in all newborns with OA.
Diabetic nephropathy and perinatal outcome.; We studied the effect of diabetic nephropathy on the course of pregnancy, perinatal outcome, and infant development and determined the influence of pregnancy on maternal hypertension and renal function. Maternal proteinuria usually increased during pregnancy (greater than 3 gm/24 hours in 69%), and hypertension was present by the third trimester in 73%. The degree of proteinuria correlated with diastolic pressure and creatinine clearance. After pregnancy, proteinuria declined in 65% of the mothers, hypertension was absent in 43.5%, and the expected rate of fall in creatinine clearance was not accelerated. Among 35 patients, abortion occurred spontaneously or was performed electively in 25.7%, and 71% of the remainder underwent delivery before 37 weeks. Birth weight was related to maternal blood pressure and creatinine clearance. Neonatal morbidity was common, but the perinatal survival rate was 89%. Infants seen at follow-up without congenital anomalies had normal development at 8 to 36 months of age. We concluded that perinatal outcome has significantly improved for diabetic women with nephropathy.
Insulin requires normal expression and signaling of insulin receptor A to reverse gestational diabetes-reduced adenosine transport in human umbilical vein endothelium.; Reduced adenosine uptake via human equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 (hENT1) in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is reversed by insulin by restoring hENT1 expression. Insulin receptors A (IR-A) and B (IR-B) are expressed in HUVECs, and GDM results in higher IR-A mRNA expression vs. cells from normal pregnancies. We studied whether the reversal of GDM effects on transport by insulin depends on restoration of IR-A expression. We specifically measured hENT1 expression [mRNA, protein abundance, SLC29A1 (for hENT1) promoter activity] and activity (adenosine transport kinetics) and the role of IR-A/IR-B expression and signaling [total and phosphorylated 42 and 44 kDa mitogen-activated protein kinases (p44/42(mapk)) and Akt] in IR-A, IR-B, and IR-A/B knockdown HUVECs from normal (n = 33) or GDM (n = 33) pregnancies. GDM increases IR-A/IR-B mRNA expression (1.8-fold) and p44/42(mapk):Akt activity (2.7-fold) ratios. Insulin reversed GDM-reduced hENT1 expression and maximal transport capacity (V(max)/K(m)), and GDM-increased IR-A/IR-B mRNA expression and p44/42(mapk):Akt activity ratios to values in normal pregnancies. Insulin's effect was abolished in IR-A or IR-A/B knockdown cells. Thus, insulin requires normal IR-A expression and p44/42(mapk)/Akt signaling to restore GDM-reduced hENT1 expression and activity in HUVECs. This could be a protective mechanism for the placental macrovascular endothelial dysfunction seen in GDM.
Correlations between serum BDNF levels and neurodevelopmental outcomes in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of foetal and neonatal complications and long-term complications in the offspring. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a neurotrophin that has a crucial role in neurogenesis modulation and neural pathway maturation during neurodevelopment, may have a role in protecting neurons against injury and diseases by modulating glucose metabolism. The aim of this study was to investigate the possible relationship between the serum BDNF levels of infants of mothers with gestational diabetes (IMGD) and neurodevelopmental outcomes of the children after birth. METHODS: A total of 24 candidates, including 8 IMGD and 16 healthy infants, were recruited for the study. Medical records were reviewed. Serum BDNF levels of the study participants were collected at birth and at 6 and 12 months of age. Developmental outcomes of each candidate were assessed using the Bayley Scales of Infant Development III (BSID III) at 6 and 12 months of corrected age. RESULTS: Compared to non-IMGD, IMGD had greater mean body weight (p = 0.04) and height (p < 0.01) at age 12 months. The language composite score was significantly lower in IMGD at 12 months of age (p = 0.038). The BDNF content was significantly higher in the non-IMGD than in the IMGD group at 12 months of age (p = 0.013). CONCLUSION: In this study, we demonstrated that infants of mothers with gestational diabetes do worse in language development and have lower BDNF levels at 12 months of age. There may be a close correlation between language outcomes and serum BDNF levels at 12 months of age. A follow-up study on future developmental status is warranted.
Women with hypertensive pregnancies have difficulties in regaining pre-pregnancy weight and show metabolic disturbances.; The aim was to determine maternal weight gain and body composition during pregnancy and 3 months postpartum in women with uncomplicated singleton and twin pregnancies and in women with gestational diabetes (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH). This prospective study includes four groups of subjects: those with an uncomplicated pregnancy (n = 32), those with a diagnosis of GH (n = 28), those with a diagnosis of GDM (n = 52), and those with twin pregnancy (n = 11). Their body compositions were estimated by a bioimpedance analysis and fasting lipids and glucose levels were determined during the pregnancy and 3 months after pregnancy. Women with GDM were 11.7 kg heavier than the reference group before pregnancy, whereas weight before pregnancy was not different in other investigated groups. Weight loss after delivery was attenuated in GH group. Percentage body fat remained elevated in women with GDM (34.1 +/- 7.0%) and hypertension (31.5 +/- 6.4%) at 3 months after pregnancy. Also their total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol levels as well as fasting glucose remained elevated in comparison to values of the reference group. In conclusion, women with hypertensive pregnancies, though not overweight before pregnancy, gain and retain excess gestational weight and this leads to metabolic abnormalities similar to those seen in women GDM. Thus, postpartum period appears to be critical for weight management and interventional programs are called for.
Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide in women with and without recent gestational diabetes: The impact of current glucose intolerance.; CONTEXT: Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide, as measured by the N-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP), is inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes (T2DM) but positively related to future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recognizing that gestational diabetes (GDM) identifies women at future risk for both T2DM and CVD, we sought to determine whether gestational glucose tolerance relates to NT-proBNP in the years after delivery. DESIGN/PATIENTS/MEASUREMENTS: Three hundred and forty women underwent a glucose challenge test (GCT) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, yielding 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59); abnormal GCT with a normal OGTT (n = 98); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 75). At 3-year postpartum, they underwent cardiometabolic characterization (including measurement of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), adiponectin and NT-proBNP) and repeated the OGTT, revealing 69 women with glucose intolerance (prediabetes/diabetes). RESULTS: At 3-year postpartum, serum NT-proBNP did not differ between the 4 original gestational glucose tolerance groups (P = .44), but instead progressively decreased across current glucose tolerance strata, from normal to prediabetes to diabetes (P = .006). Indeed, on logistic regression analysis, NT-proBNP emerged as a negative predictor of prediabetes/diabetes (OR = 0.903, 95% CI 0.825-0.988, P = .026). On multiple linear regression analyses of NT-proBNP, the significant association with current glucose intolerance was ultimately attenuated in a fully adjusted model, revealing two independent determinants of NT-proBNP: eGFR (t = -2.71, P = .007) and adiponectin (t = 2.44, P = .015). CONCLUSION: Serum NT-proBNP relates to current glucose intolerance, rather than preceding gestational dysglycaemia. Thus, the diabetic (rather than vascular) risk implications of NT-proBNP predominate in young women.
Diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy.; This article outlines the pathophysiology of diabetic retinopathy, its epidemiology, and its diagnosis. Recommendations for management of the pregnant diabetic patient through the team approach has resulted in a dramatic improvement in maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy. By including a retinal specialist in the team during each trimester, the effects of pregnancy on the progression of diabetic retinopathy should be nearly identical to that of the non-pregnant patient.
Studying the Effect of Maternal Pregestational Diabetes on Fetal Neurodevelopment Using Magnetoencephalography.; Background. Developmental origin of health and disease states that an adverse intrauterine environment can lead to different diseases in later life. In this study, we aimed to explore the effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on the fetal brain activity using magnetoencephalography (MEG). Methods. Forty participants were included in an observational study with 9 type 1 and 19 type 2 diabetic pregnant women compared with data from 12 nondiabetic participants. Spontaneous fetal MEG signals were recorded and power spectral density was computed in 4 standard frequency bands. Group differences were investigated using analysis of covariance. Results. Our results showed that type 1 group was significantly different (P < .05) from the reference group for 3 of the 4 brain activity frequency bands, while in type 2 group, 2 bands exhibited this trend. When dichotomized based on the maternal glycemic control, significant differences in all bands were observed between the poor-control and reference groups. Conclusion. The fetal background brain activity parameters appear to be altered in diabetic pregnancy in comparison with the reference low-risk group. The study showed that maternal pregestational diabetes could potentially influence in utero neurodevelopment.
Syntelencephaly in an infant of a diabetic mother.; Here we report on an infant of a diabetic mother (IDM) with midline interhemispheric "fusion" (MIF), or syntelencephaly. This is a rare anomaly characterized by segmental failure of cleavage of the cerebral hemispheres and other brain structures in the posterior frontal and parietal regions, with a normal interhemispheric fissure anterior and posterior to the "fused" region. While there is obvious overlap with holoprosencephaly (HPE), this condition differs from HPE in that the midline "fusion" in MIF is complete but segmental, while the structural brain anomalies seen in the HPE spectrum progress smoothly in severity in a posterior to anterior "fusion." However, while it is apparent that there are key distinctions between MIF and HPE, in all likelihood they arise from a similar pathogenetic mechanisms. We therefore suggest that MIF is a distinct variant of the HPE spectrum of midline brain anomalies. Given the known increased incidence of HPE in IDMs, MIF is likely a maternal diabetes-associated malformation.
Correlation of Platelet Function with Postpartum Hemorrhage and Venous Thromboembolism in Patients with Gestational Hypertension Complicated with Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: This study was aimed at investigating the correlation of platelet function with postpartum hemorrhage and venous thromboembolism (VTE) in gestational hypertension patients with diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A total of 93 patients with gestational hypertension complicated with diabetes treated from March 2020 to June 2021 were selected as the research group, and 56 healthy pregnant women during the same period were selected as the control group. Platelet function-related indicators (platelet count (PLT), platelet volume distribution width (PDW), and mean platelet volume (MPV)) were compared between the two groups. The patients were divided into a severe group (n = 13), mild group (n = 28), and nonbleeding group (n = 52) according to the severity of postpartum hemorrhage, and the value of combined detection of platelet function-related indicators on the severity of postpartum hemorrhage was evaluated and analyzed. According to the occurrence of VTE, the patients were divided into a VTE group and non-VTE group to analyze the predictive value of combined detection of platelet function-related indicators for VTE occurrence in patients. RESULTS: The PLT value of the study group was lower than that of the control group, while the PDW and MPV values were higher than those of the control group (all P < 0.05). The PLT value increased with the aggravation of postpartum hemorrhage, while the PDW and MPV values decreased with the aggravation of postpartum hemorrhage among the three groups with different severities of postpartum hemorrhage (all P < 0.05). The area under the curve (AUC) of PLT, PDW, and MPV combination to evaluate the severity of postpartum hemorrhage in patients with gestational hypertension combined with diabetes was greater than that of PLT alone and PDW alone (both P < 0.05). The PLT value was negatively correlated with the severity of postpartum hemorrhage, while PDW and MPV values were positively correlated with the severity of postpartum hemorrhage (both P < 0.05). According to the occurrence of VTE, patients were divided into the VTE group (n = 10) and non-VTE group (n = 83). The PLT value of the VTE group was higher than that of the non-VTE group, while the PDW and MPV values were lower than those of the non-VTE group (all P < 0.05). The AUC of PLT, PDW, and MPV combination to predict the occurrence of VTE in patients with gestational hypertension combined with diabetes was greater than that of each index alone (all P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational hypertension complicated with diabetes had abnormal platelet function, and the platelet function was related to postpartum hemorrhage and VTE.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Are Associated with Reduced Coronary Flow Reserve in Women With Signs and Symptoms of Ischemia Without Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Report from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction Study.; Background: We assessed history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) in the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction (WISE-CVD) cohort of women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that women with CMD with symptoms and signs of ischemia, without obstructive CAD, are more likely to have a history of APO. Materials and Methods: WISE-CVD recruited women with suspected ischemia found to have no obstructive CAD (n = 324). A subset of these women underwent coronary reactivity testing, including coronary flow reserve (CFR) (n = 185). Relationship between history of any APO and CMD was assessed by multivariable linear regression analyses. APOs included any of the following: hypertension during pregnancy, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or intrauterine growth restriction (low-birth-weight child). Results: Overall, 79/324 (24%) women reported at least one APO. Women with APOs were younger (52 vs. 56 years, p = 0.001), were more likely obese (body mass index 32 vs. 29 kg/m(2), p = 0.004), and had a history of hypertension (56% vs 36%, p = 0.002), but otherwise had no additional differences in cardiac risk variables versus women without APOs. Among the subgroup who underwent invasive CFR testing (n = 185), those with an APO had lower CFR (2.53 vs. 2.76, p = 0.016) versus those without APO. Conclusions: History of APOs in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive CAD is associated with lower CFR indicative of CMD. Whether common pathways involving diffuse microvascular dysfunction may account for this suggested association remains unclear. Further investigation is needed to expand on these exploratory findings.
Lifetime prevalence of chronic health conditions among persons with spinal cord injury.; OBJECTIVE: To assess lifetime prevalence of 7 chronic health conditions (CHCs) among a cohort of adults with chronic traumatic spinal cord injury (SCI). DESIGN: Cross-sectional. SETTING: Rehabilitation hospital. PARTICIPANTS: Adults with SCI who were ≥18 years of age, were ≥1 year postinjury, and had residual neurologic effects impeding full recovery (n=1678). INTERVENTIONS: Not applicable. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: CHCs were measured using questions from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System for diabetes (not including gestational), heart attack (also called a myocardial infarction), angina or coronary artery disease, stroke, hypertension (not including during pregnancy), high blood cholesterol, or cancer. RESULTS: Of participants, 49.5% reported having at least 1 CHC, with 23.2% reporting ≥2 CHCs. The most frequently reported CHC was high cholesterol (29.3%) followed by hypertension (28.7%) and diabetes (11.8%). Although the prevalence of CHCs significantly increased with increasing age, only hypertension and cancer were significantly associated with years postinjury. Four CHCs (diabetes, coronary artery disease, hypertension, high cholesterol) were significantly related to mobility status as measured by injury level and ambulatory status. However, after controlling for age, years postinjury, sex, and race, mobility status became nonsignificant in relation to coronary artery disease, but it remained significantly associated with diabetes, hypertension, and high cholesterol. CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians should be aware of the risk of CHCs in persons with SCI and should screen for these conditions and regular maintenance activities related to SCI.
Ultrastructure of the villi and fetal capillaries of the placentas delivered by non-smoking diabetic women (White group D).; The ultrastructure of the placentas from nine non-smoking. White group D diabetic women were studied. The terminal villi showed changes in maturation, increased vascularization mainly due to very small vessels located at the periphery of the villus, and glycogen accumulation within the stroma cells and pericytes, corresponding to the known higher glycogen content of diabetic placentas. Multilaminal basement membrane surrounded the capillaries, but great variation appeared possibly due to variation in capillary age. It is suggested that diabetic metabolism induces a proliferative small vessel disease in combination with accelerated aging.
Exposure in utero to maternal diabetes leads to glucose intolerance and high blood pressure with no major effects on lipid metabolism.; AIM: Recent evidence shows that adult metabolic disease may originate from an adverse fetal environment that can alter organ development and function in postnatal life. This study aimed to analyze the effect of exposure in utero to maternal diabetes on the development of the metabolic syndrome in the offspring. METHODS: Pregnant rats were made diabetic (blood glucose was 20mM) with a single streptozotocin injection on day 0 of gestation. Offspring from diabetic mothers (DMO) and control mothers (CMO) were followed from birth to 12 months of age. In these animals, metabolic parameters, such as glucose tolerance, insulin sensitivity and plasma lipid levels, as well as pancreatic insulin and morphology were studied. RESULTS: Compared with controls, DMO offspring had normal birth weights, but impaired postnatal growth that persisted throughout life. Metabolic tests revealed that DMO offspring also showed impaired glucose tolerance at six months associated with decreased insulin sensitivity and low insulin secretion. In older animals (12 months old), this phenotype persisted, but to a lesser extent. The DMO offspring also presented with high blood pressure and decreased levels of fasting plasma triglycerides, but normal plasma NEFA, and HDL and total cholesterol. CONCLUSION: Altogether, these results show that our model of exposure in utero to maternal diabetes led to normal birth weights, and induced transient glucose intolerance and increased blood pressure with no major effects on lipid metabolism. It also suggests that a hyperglycaemic fetal environment may be able to 'programme' hypertension and glucose intolerance, but not alter lipid metabolism.
Pregnancy and fetal outcomes of symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing.; The physiological changes of pregnancy may predispose females to develop sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) or protect against it. Studies evaluating outcomes of SDB symptoms in pregnancy are scarce. The goal of this study was to evaluate the prevalence of SDB symptoms in pregnancy and their relationship with pregnancy and neonatal outcomes. A cross-sectional survey of randomly selected immediate postpartum females was performed using the multivariable apnoea prediction index. Record review, including demographics and medical history, was performed. Main outcome measures included pregnancy and neonatal outcomes. 1,000 subjects were recruited. Mean±sd age was 29.1±6.1 yrs. Factors used in the regression analysis included age, body mass index, diabetes, chronic hypertension, multifetal gestations, smoking and renal disease. Snoring was present in 35.1% of subjects. Symptoms of SDB were associated with a higher likelihood of pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia (adjusted OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.4-4.0), gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.3-3.4) and unplanned Caesarean deliveries (adjusted OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.4-3.2) after multivariable regression analysis. Gasping may have been associated with a higher likelihood of preterm delivery, after adjusting for age and multifetal pregnancies (adjusted OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.1-3.2) but this association appeared to be mediated by pre-eclampsia. Symptoms of SDB are common in pregnancy and associated with a higher likelihood of gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and unplanned Caesarean deliveries.
Cardiovascular disease in pregnancy: (women's health series).; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death generally and the most common cause of death during pregnancy in industrialized countries. Improvement in early diagnosis and treatment of congenital heart disease has increased the number of women with such conditions reaching reproductive age. The growing prevalence of diabetes, hypertension, obesity, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic syndrome has concurrently added to the population of pregnant women with acquired heart disease, including coronary artery disease. Physiologic changes occurring during pregnancy can stress a compromised cardiovascular system, resulting in maternal morbidity, mortality, and compromised fetal outcomes. These risks complicate affected women's decisions to become pregnant, their ability to carry a pregnancy to term, and the complexity and risk benefit of cardiovascular treatments delivered during pregnancy. Risk assessment indices assist the obstetrician, cardiologist, and primary care provider in determining the general prognosis of the patient during pregnancy and although imperfect, can aid patients in making informed decisions. Treatments must be selected that ideally benefit the health of both mother and fetus and at a minimum limit risk to the fetus during gestation.
Body weight, weight gain and hyperglycaemia are associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes.; AIM: The aim of this study was to measure the capacity of glucose- and weight-related parameters to predict pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders in women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: An observational study was conducted involving 2037 women with gestational diabetes. The associations of glycaemic and weight-related parameters with pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders were obtained by univariate and adjusted multivariate analyses. Also, model predictability and attributable predictor risk percentages were calculated, and collinearity and factor interactions examined. RESULTS: Multivariate analyses revealed that hypertensive disorders were mainly predicted by average third-trimester glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) levels ≥ 5.9%, by being overweight or obese before pregnancy and by excess gestational weight gain after adjusting for age, tobacco use, chronic hypertension, parity, urinary tract infections and gestational age at delivery. Prepregnancy body weight (overweight and obesity) had the strongest impact on pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders (attributable risk percentages were 51.5% and 88.8%, respectively). The effect of being overweight or obese on hypertensive disorders was enhanced by HbA(1c) levels and gestational weight gain, with elevated HbA(1c) levels multiplying the effect of being overweight before pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The average third-trimester HbA1c level is a novel risk factor for pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders in women with gestational diabetes. HbA(1c) levels ≥ 5.9%, prepregnancy overweight or obesity and excess gestational weight gain are all independent risk factors of pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders in such women. In treated gestational diabetes patients, the strongest influence on hypertensive disorders is prepregnancy obesity.
[Acute hydramnios in the 2d half of pregnancy].; 95 patients were prospectively examined from 1982-1986 in a diagnostic programme. These patients showed a clinically and ultrasonically established acute hydramnios during the second half of their pregnancy period. Possible important causes of an acute hydramnios can be confirmed or excluded via on-target sonography; at the same time, a diabetic condition must be excluded and the amniotic fluid must be examined to exclude acute viral or specific bacterial infections. In 8 cases (8%) we found that the mother had diabetes mellitus requiring insulin, the hydramnios being the main pointer towards the metabolic disturbance. Gestation diabetes was confirmed in 23 patients (25%) on the basis of the polyhydramnios. Chromosomal anomalies were seen in 12 eucyeses (13%) and in 2 polycyeses. In 8 pregnancies (8%) we found a pattern of non-immunological hydrops fetalis with pleural effusions and ascites. In three patients (3%) there was an immunological hydrops fetalis with polyserositis within an Rh incompatibility pattern. Severe foetal malformations associated with a normal karyotype were sonographically found in 12 pregnancies--encyeses and twins--(12%). Cardiac disturbances (tachyarrhythmia) resulted in polyhydramnios in 8 cases of eucyesis (8%). Finally, 10 cases only remained unclarified (11%). 14 cases (15%) had twin pregnancy. In this connection we observed on the average an earlier onset of acute hydramnios (27 weeks) compared with the eucyeses (on the average during the 30th week). Timely and adequate treatment may become possible if we know the aetiology of the acute hydramnios, especially in cases of diabetes mellitus and gestation diabetes, as well as in certain foetal malfunctions, such as e.g. pleural effusions and generalised hydrops fetalis and disturbances of cardiac rhythm.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Rapid development of nephrotic syndrome, hypertension, and hemolytic anemia early in pregnancy in patients with IDDM.; In recent years, the prognosis for a successful pregnancy has greatly improved for women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) who are under good glycemic control and free of complications such as vascular disease and nephropathy. We report the rapid development of severe nephrotic syndrome, malignant hypertension, and microangiopathic hemolytic anemia during the first trimester of pregnancy in a 29-yr-old woman with IDDM of 18 yr duration. Our patient had no pregestational history of retinopathy or hypertension and only minimal proteinuria. Significant improvement in blood glucose levels had been achieved over the 6 mo before conception. Kidney biopsy performed before the termination of pregnancy at 10 wk gestation revealed diabetic nephropathy. No other etiology for her renal disease could be found. An arteriole was noted to have entrapped red blood cell fragments and platelet thrombi, revealing the probable source of her hemolytic process. By 8 wk postpartum, her nephrotic syndrome and hemolysis had completely resolved. At 3 mo postgestation, the patient's hypertension was still present but less severe. Her serum creatinine has continued to decrease toward normal. This is the first report of a woman with IDDM in White's classification C who developed a toxemia-like syndrome during the first trimester of pregnancy, attributable to the underlying diabetic state.
Maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case-control study.; PURPOSE: The aim of the study is to compare maternal hemodynamic adaptations in gestational diabetes (GDM) versus healthy pregnancies. METHODS: A prospective case-control study was conducted, comparing 69 singleton pregnancies with GDM and 128 controls, recruited between September 2018 and April 2019 in Maternal-Fetal Medicine Unit, Careggi University Hospital, Florence, Italy. Hemodynamic assessment by UltraSonic Cardiac Output Monitor (USCOM) was performed in both groups in four gestational age intervals: 17-20 weeks (only in early GDM cases), 26-30 weeks, 32-35 weeks and 36-39 weeks. We evaluated six hemodynamic parameters comparing GDM cases versus controls: cardiac output (CO), cardiac index (CI), stroke volume (SV), total vascular resistance (TVR), inotropy index (INO) and potential to kinetic energy ratio (PKR). RESULTS: GDM group had significantly lower values of CO and SV than controls from the early third trimester (26-30 weeks) until term (p < 0.001). CI is significantly lower in GDM women already at the first evaluation (p = 0.002), whereas TVR and PKR were significantly higher in GDM (p < 0.001). GDM women showed also lower INO values than controls in all assessments. CONCLUSIONS: A hemodynamic maternal maladaptation to pregnancy can be detected in GDM women. The effect of hyperglycemia on vascular system or a poor pre-pregnancy cardiovascular (CV) reserve could explain this hemodynamic maladaptation. The abnormal CV response to pregnancy in GDM women may reveal a predisposition to develop CV disease later in life and might help in identifying patients who need a CV follow-up.
Long term miscarriage-related hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Evidence from a United Kingdom population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Miscarriages affect up to a fifth of all pregnancies and are associated with substantial psychological morbidity. However, their relationship with cardiometabolic risk factors is not well known. Therefore, in this study we aimed to estimate the burden of cardiovascular risk factors including diabetes mellitus (type 1 or 2) and hypertension in women with miscarriage compared to women without a record of miscarriage. METHODS: A population-based retrospective cohort study was conducted using IVQIA Medical Research Data UK (IMRD-UK) between January 1995 and May 2016, an anonymised electronic health records database that is representative of the UK population. A total of 86,509, 16-50-year-old women with a record of miscarriage (exposed group) were matched by age, smoking status, and body mass index to 329,865 women without a record of miscarriage (unexposed group). Patients with pre-existing hypertension and diabetes were excluded. Adjusted incidence rate ratios (aIRR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for diabetes and hypertension were estimated using multivariable Poisson regression models offsetting for person-years follow-up. RESULTS: The mean age at cohort entry was 31 years and median follow up was 4.6 (IQR 1.7-9.4) years. During the study period, a total of 792 (IR 1.44 per 1000 years) and 2525 (IR 1.26 per 1000 years) patients developed diabetes in the exposed and unexposed groups, respectively. For hypertension, 1995 (IR 3.73 per 1000 years) and 1605 (IR 3.39 per 1000 years) new diagnoses were recorded in the exposed and unexposed groups, respectively. Compared to unexposed individuals, women with a record miscarriage were more likely to develop diabetes (aIRR = 1.25, 95% CI: 1.15-1.36; p<0.001) and hypertension (aIRR = 1.07, 95% CI: 1.02-1.12; p = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Women diagnosed with miscarriage were at increased risk of developing diabetes mellitus and hypertension. Women with history of miscarriage may benefit from periodic monitoring of their cardiometabolic health.
Trends in deliveries, prenatal care, and obstetrical complications in women with pregestational diabetes: a population-based study in Ontario, Canada, 1996-2001.; OBJECTIVE: To describe recent trends in the proportion of deliveries in women with pregestational diabetes (PGD), their use of services, and diabetes-related obstetrical complications. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In this population-based retrospective cohort study, comprehensive administrative data were used to identify all women (with and without PGD) who gave birth in an Ontario, Canada, hospital from 1996 to 2001. Data on maternal complications and interventions were obtained from hospital discharge records; data on use of prenatal services were obtained from fee-for-service claims. RESULTS: The proportion of deliveries in women with PGD increased steadily from 0.8% in 1996 to 1.2% in 2001 (P < 0.001). In 2001, women with PGD were more likely to be diagnosed with shoulder dystocia (adjusted odds ratio 2.00 [95% CI 1.55-2.58]), hypertension (4.13 [3.44-4.96]), and preeclampsia/eclampsia (4.44 [3.43-5.73]) and have higher rates of inductions (1.69 [1.52-1.88]) and caesarean sections (1.78 [1.60-1.98]) than women without PGD. In 2001, 50% of the women with PGD had a visit to a diabetes specialist during pregnancy and only 30% of women had claims for a prenatal retinal examination. Both of these rates have decreased over the study period. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PGD now account for a larger proportion of deliveries. These women continue to have higher obstetrical complication and intervention rates than women without PGD and many do not receive recommended specialty care during pregnancy.
Genetic and environmental influence on diabetic rat embryopathy.; We assessed genetic and environmental influence on fetal outcome in diabetic rat pregnancy. Crossing normal (N) and manifestly diabetic (MD) Wistar Furth (W) and Sprague-Dawley (L) females with W or L males yielded four different fetal genotypes (WW, LL, WL, and LW) in N or MD rat pregnancies for studies. We also evaluated fetal outcome in litters with enhanced or diminished severity of maternal MD state, denoted MD(+)WL and MD(-)LW. The MDWW litters had less malformations and resorptions (0 and 19%) than the MDLL litters (17 and 30%). The MDWL litters (0 and 8%) were less maldeveloped than the MDLW litters (9 and 22%), whereas the MD(+)WL (3 and 23%) and MD(-)LW (1 and 17%) litters showed increased and decreased dysmorphogenesis (compared with MDWL and MDLW litters). The pregnant MDW rats had lower serum levels of glucose, fructosamine, and branched-chain amino acids than the pregnant MDL rats, whereas the pregnant MD(+)W and MD(-)L rats had levels comparable with those of the MDL and MDW rats, respectively. The 8-iso-PGF2α levels of the malformed MDLW offspring were increased compared with the nonmalformed MDLW offspring. Diabetes decreased fetal heart Ret and increased Bmp-4 gene expression in the MDLW offspring and caused decreased GDNF and Shh expression in the malformed fetal mandible of the MDLW offspring. We conclude that the fetal genome controls the embryonic dysmorphogenesis in diabetic pregnancy by instigating a threshold level for the teratological insult and that the maternal genome controls the teratogenic insult by (dys)regulating the maternal metabolism.
Glucose Treatment Targets in Pregnancy - A Review of Evidence and Guidelines.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes mellitus during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications for both the mother and the fetus. One of the most prevalent complications is pathological fetal growth, and particularly infants are born large for gestational age (LGA), which leads to problematic deliveries, including the need for caesarean section, instrumental delivery, and further perinatal complications. Glucose monitoring during pregnancy is essential for ensuring appropriate glycaemic control and to reduce these associated risks. The current methods of glucose monitoring include measuring glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), selfmonitoring of capillary blood glucose (SMBG), and more recently, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM). Observational studies and randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have assessed the appropriate glycaemic targets for HbA1c, SMBG, and CGM in relation to pregnancy outcomes. OBJECTIVE: In this review, we have identified current international guidelines on glycaemic targets and reviewed the supporting evidence. METHODS: We performed an extensive literature search on glycaemic targets in pregnancies affected by diabetes, and we researched international guidelines from recognised societies. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The majority of studies used to define the glucose targets associated with the best pregnancy outcomes, across all modalities, were in women with type 1 diabetes. There were limited studies on women with type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes. We, therefore, suggest that further research needs be conducted on glucose targets and clinical outcomes, specifically in these populations where CGM technology offers the greatest potential for monitoring glucose and improving pregnancy outcomes.
The Association of Lactation Duration with Visceral and Pericardial Fat Volumes in Parous Women: The CARDIA Study.; BACKGROUND: Lactation is associated with lower risks for cardiovascular disease in women. Organ-related adiposity, which plays significant roles in the development of cardiometabolic diseases, could help explain this observation. We evaluated the association of lactation duration with visceral (VAT) and pericardial (PAT) fat volumes in women. METHODS: Data were obtained from 910 women enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study (1985-1986) without diabetes prior to pregnancy who had ≥1 birth during 25 years of follow-up and had VAT and PAT measured from computed tomographic scans in 2010-2011. Cumulative lactation duration across all births since baseline was calculated from self-reports collected at periodic exams. RESULTS: At baseline, the average age of women (48% black, 52% white) was 24 ± 3.7 years. After controlling for baseline age, race, smoking status, body mass index, fasting glucose, family history of diabetes, fat intake, total cholesterol, physical activity, and follow-up covariates (parity, gestational diabetes), the mean fat volumes across categories of lactation [none (n = 221), 1-5 months (n = 306), 6-11 months (n = 210), and ≥12 months (n = 173)] were 122.0, 113.7 105.0, and 110.1 cm3 for VAT and 52.2, 46.7, 44.5, and 43.4 cm3 for PAT, respectively. Changes in body weight from the first post-baseline birth to the end of follow-up mediated 21% and 18% of the associations of lactation with VAT and PAT, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In this prospective study, longer cumulative lactation duration was associated with lower VAT and PAT volumes, with weight gain partially mediating these associations.
Using graph learning to understand adverse pregnancy outcomes and stress pathways.; To identify pathways between stress indicators and adverse pregnancy outcomes, we applied a nonparametric graph-learning algorithm, PC-KCI, to data from an observational prospective cohort study. The Measurement of Maternal Stress study (MOMS) followed 744 women with a singleton intrauterine pregnancy recruited between June 2013 and May 2015. Infant adverse pregnancy outcomes were prematurity (<37 weeks' gestation), infant days spent in hospital after birth, and being small for gestational age (percentile gestational weight at birth). Maternal adverse pregnancy outcomes were pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension. PC-KCI replicated well-established pathways, such as the relationship between gestational weeks and preterm premature rupture of membranes. PC-KCI also identified previously unobserved pathways to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including 1) a link between hair cortisol levels (at 12-21 weeks of pregnancy) and pre-eclampsia; 2) two pathways to preterm birth depending on race, with one linking Hispanic race, pre-gestational diabetes and gestational weeks, and a second pathway linking black race, hair cortisol, preeclampsia, and gestational weeks; and 3) a relationship between maternal childhood trauma, perceived social stress in adulthood, and low weight for gestational age. Our approach confirmed previous findings and identified previously unobserved pathways to adverse pregnancy outcomes. It presents a method for a global assessment of a clinical problem for further study of possible causal pathways.
Routine ultrasound screening in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the detection rate of congenital fetal malformations and specific problems related to routine ultrasound screening in women with pre-existing diabetes. METHODS: A retrospective study was carried out to assess the performance of routine ultrasound screening in women with pre-existing diabetes (Types 1 and 2) within a tertiary institution. The incidence, type and risk factors for congenital fetal malformations were determined. The detection rate of fetal anomalies for diabetic women was compared with that for the low-risk population. Factors affecting these detection rates were evaluated. RESULTS: During the study period, 12 169 low-risk pregnant women and 130 women with pre-existing diabetes had routine ultrasound screening performed within the institution. A total of 10 major anomalies (7.7%) and three minor anomalies (2.3%) were present in the fetuses of the diabetic women. Central nervous system and cardiovascular system anomalies accounted for 60% of the major anomalies. Periconceptional hemoglobin A1c of more than 9% was associated with a high prevalence of major anomalies (143/1000). Women who had fetuses with major anomalies had a significantly higher incidence of obesity (78% vs. 37%; P < 0.05). Ultrasound examination of these diabetic pregnancies showed high incidences of suboptimal image quality (37%), incomplete examinations, and repeat examinations (17%). Compared to the 'low-risk' non-diabetic population from the same institution, the relative risk for a major congenital anomaly among the diabetic women was 5.9-fold higher (95% confidence interval, 2.9-11.9). The detection rate for major fetal anomalies was significantly lower for diabetic women (30% vs. 73%; P < 0.01), and the mean body mass index for the diabetic group was significantly higher (29 vs. 23 kg/m2; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: The incidence of congenital anomalies is higher in diabetic pregnancies. Unfortunately, the detection rate for fetal anomalies by antenatal ultrasound scan was significantly worse than that for the low-risk population. This is likely to be related to the maternal body habitus and unsatisfactory examinations. Methods to overcome these difficulties are discussed.
Preeclampsia in high risk women is characterized by risk group-specific abnormalities in serum biomarkers.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if early pregnancy serum biomarkers in high-risk women who develop preeclampsia vary according to risk factor. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a secondary analysis of the Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units Network randomized controlled trial of low-dose aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia in high-risk women. Serum biomarker levels at enrollment (before initiation of aspirin or placebo) were compared between women who did and did not develop preeclampsia, both for the group as a whole and within each of 4 high-risk groups (insulin-dependent diabetes, hypertension, multiple gestation, and previous preeclampsia) using a regression model adjusting for gestational age at collection and prepregnancy body mass index. RESULTS: 1258 women were included (233 with insulin-dependent diabetes, 387 with chronic hypertension, 315 with a multiple gestation, 323 with previous preeclampsia). Multiple early pregnancy serum biomarkers differed between women who did and did not develop preeclampsia. Each high-risk group had a unique and largely nonoverlapping pattern of biomarker abnormality. Differences between those who did and did not develop preeclampsia were noted in vascular cell adhesion molecule in the diabetes group; human chorionic gonadotropin, soluble tumor necrosis factor receptor-2, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, selectin and angiogenin in the chronic hypertension group; interleukin-6, placental growth factor, soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase plus endoglin to placental growth factor ratio in the multiple gestation group; and angiogenin in the previous preeclampsia group. CONCLUSION: Patterns of serum biomarkers vary by high-risk group. These data support the hypothesis that multiple pathogenic pathways lead to the disease recognized clinically as preeclampsia.
Precision, consistency, and reproducibility of blood pressure in diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancy: the appraisal of repeated measurements.; A monitor (Spacelab 90207) was compared with sphygmomanometric blood pressure (BP) with respect to reproducibility and variations on precision and consistency. Some 133 women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and 59 non-diabetic women were recruited. During pregnancy, systolic BP was between 6 and 12 mmHg higher in the oscillometric than the auscultatory readings, and diastolic BP was between 1 and 2.6 mmHg. The association of difference with the mean BP disappeared with progression of pregnancy and the repetition of measurements in diabetic pregnancy. The precision, reproducibility, and trend of association over the scale of measurement were improved in the repeated compared to individual measurements, whereas consistency did not improve.
Vasoactive mediators and retinopathy during type 1 diabetic pregnancy.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the role of various vasoactive hormones in the evolution of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy and postpartum. METHODS: Retinopathy was graded from fundus photographs of 45 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and seven pregnant women without diabetes in a prospective study. Markers of renin-angiotensin-system (RAS), plasma renin activity (PRA), angiotensin II (AngII), aldosterone, natriuretic peptides (ANP, BNP, CNP) and adreonomedullin (AM) were measured during the first and third trimesters and at 3 months postpartum. The women with diabetes were grouped by progression of retinopathy during pregnancy and postpartum. RESULTS: Levels of PRA (p = 0.001) and ANP (p = 0.03) were significantly lower in diabetes than in non-diabetes subjects throughout pregnancy and postpartum. No significant differences appeared in levels of AngII, aldosterone, AM, BNP or CNP between the two groups. In multivariate logistic regression analyses with retinopathy progression by the third trimester as the dependent variable, only duration of diabetes qualified in the model (p = 0.027, R = 0.227, Exp(B) = 1.28). CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic pregnancy is associated with lower levels of PRA and ANP compared to non-diabetic pregnancy. Lowered RAS activity may contribute to the hyperdynamic blood flow and progression of DR during diabetic pregnancy. Within the power of this study no clear associations between the vasoactive hormones and progression of retinopathy could be detected.
Risk factors, pregnancy complications, and prevention of hypertensive disorders in women with pregravid diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To review the rate, risk factors, and potential prevention of preeclampsia in women with pregravid diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Detailed review of recent English literature describing pregnancy outcome in women with pregravid insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (Type 1 diabetes). The primary focus of the review is risk factors for preeclampsia and potential methods suggested for prevention of preeclampsia. In addition, pitfalls in diagnosis of preeclampsia will be emphasized. RESULTS: The reported rate of preeclampsia ranged from 9% to 66%. This rate increased with increased severity of diabetes by White's classification, with the highest rate reported in women with pregravid diabetic nephropathy. Risk factors identified for preeclampsia were nulliparity, chronic hypertension, microalbuminuria prior to pregnancy, nephropathy, and poor glycemic control early in pregnancy. There is lack of agreement among reports in the literature concerning criteria used to diagnose preeclampsia. There are two randomized trials that included women with Type 1 diabetes who were randomized to receive either low-dose aspirin or placebo. There was no reduction in the rate of preeclampsia with low-dose aspirin in either trial. CONCLUSIONS: In women with pregravid Type 1 diabetes, the rates of preeclampsia and adverse neonatal outcome increase with increased severity of diabetes. Low-dose aspirin does not reduce rate of preeclampsia in such women. Further studies should address the role of good glycemic control prior to 20 weeks gestation and prevention of microalbuminuria.
Associations of physical activity and sedentary behavior during pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus among Asian women in Singapore.; BACKGROUND: Few studies have investigated physical activity (PA) and sedentary behavior (SB) in relation to fasting (FG) and 2-h postprandial plasma glucose (2hPG) levels and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); we investigated these associations among Asian pregnant women. METHODS: As part of the Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes cohort study, PA and SB (sitting and television times) were assessed by interviewer-administered questionnaire. During 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests at 26-28 weeks' gestation we measured FG, 2hPG levels and GDM (FG ≥ 7.0 mmol/L and/or 2hPG ≥ 7.8 mmol/L). Associations were analysed by multiple linear and logistic regression. RESULTS: Among the 1083 women studied, 18.6% had GDM. SB was not associated with FG, 2hPG and GDM. Higher categories of PA were associated with lower 2hPG and a lower likelihood of GDM (p-trend < 0.05), but not with FG levels. Compared to insufficiently active women, highly active women had lower 2hPG levels [β (95% CI): -0.32 (-0.59, -0.05), p = 0.020) and were less likely to have GDM [OR: 0.56 (0.32-0.98), p = 0.040]. Stratified analysis revealed no associations among under/normal-weight women, but significant associations among overweight/obese women; in those with BMI ≥23 kg/m(2), sufficiently active and highly active women were less likely to have GDM [OR: 0.52, (0.29-0.93), p = 0.028, and OR: 0.34, (0.15-0.77), p = 0.010, respectively]. CONCLUSION: Higher PA was associated with lower 2hPG levels and a lower prevalence of GDM, particularly in overweight/obese women. Further studies are warranted to confirm these findings, and to examine the effectiveness of PA promotion strategies for the prevention of gestational hyperglycemia.
Towards Precision Medicine in Gestational Diabetes: Pathophysiology and Glycemic Patterns in Pregnant Women With Obesity.; AIMS: Precision medicine has revolutionized our understanding of type 1 diabetes and neonatal diabetes but has yet to improve insight into gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the most common obstetric complication and strongly linked to obesity. Here we explored if patterns of glycaemia (fasting, 1 hour, 2 hours) during the antenatal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), reflect distinct pathophysiological subtypes of GDM as defined by insulin secretion/sensitivity or lipid profiles. METHODS: 867 pregnant women with obesity (body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2) from the UPBEAT trial (ISRCTN 89971375) were assessed for GDM at 28 weeks' gestation (75 g oral glucose tolerance test OGTT; World Health Organization criteria). Lipid profiling of the fasting plasma OGTT sample was undertaken using direct infusion mass spectrometry and analyzed by logistic/linear regression, with and without adjustment for confounders. Insulin secretion and sensitivity were characterized by homeostatic model assessment 2b and 2s, respectively. RESULTS: In women who developed GDM (n = 241), patterns of glycaemia were associated with distinct clinical and biochemical characteristics and changes to lipid abundance in the circulation. Severity of glucose derangement, rather than pattern of postload glycaemia, was most strongly related to insulin action and lipid abundance/profile. Unexpectedly, women with isolated postload hyperglycemia had comparable insulin secretion and sensitivity to euglycemic women, potentially indicative of a novel mechanistic pathway. CONCLUSIONS: Patterns of glycemia during the OGTT may contribute to a precision approach to GDM as assessed by differences in insulin resistance/secretion. Further research is indicated to determine if isolated postload hyperglycemia reflects a different mechanistic pathway for targeted management.
Exercise fails to improve postprandial glycemic excursion in women with gestational diabetes.; The effect of an acute period of moderate intensity exercise on maternal glycemic excursion following a mixed nutrient meal was studied. Five normal (NL) and six gestational diabetic (GDM) subjects were enrolled. A randomized crossover design was used to compare fasting glucose and insulin levels, peak glucose and insulin levels and incremental area of the glycemic and insulin curves following a mixed nutrient meal with or without an exercise stress that took place 14 h earlier. Exercise consisted of upright stationary cycling for 30 min at a heart rate consistent with 60% VO2max. The clinical characteristics of normal and gestational diabetic subjects were comparable. Mean values (+/-SEM) with, versus without, exercise for fasting glucose (NL: 78.9 +/- 2.6 vs. 80.0 +/- 2.6 mg/dl; GDM: 86.4 +/- 2.0 vs. 82.1 +/- 3.5 mg/ dl), peak glucose (NL: 132.3 +/- 10.4 vs. 139.1 +/- 15.6 mg/dl; GDM: 165.8 +/- 5.5 vs. 160.3 +/- 7.8 mg/dl), the area under the glycemic curve (NL: 5758 +/- 1038 vs. 6393 +/- 1281 mg/dl.min; GDM: 8,178 +/- 890 vs. 8,331 +/- 563 mg/dl.min) did not differ. Similarly, plasma insulin levels did not differ between protocols for either group of subjects. Exercise has been proposed as a treatment to reduce glycemia in gestational diabetes. Results from this study indicate a single bout of exercise did not blunt the glycemic response observed following a mixed nutrient meal.
Long-term outcome in children of mothers with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the long-term outcomes (type 2 diabetes, overweight, cardiovascular disorders, metabolic syndrome and neurological manifestations) from human epidemiological studies of foetuses exposed to gestational diabetes. METHOD: A literature search on Medline was performed for the period from 01 January 1990 to 01 April 2010. Prospective (follow-up of children born to diabetic mothers) and retrospective (investigation of parental history of diabetes in diabetic subjects) studies were analysed. RESULTS: Exposure to gestational diabetes moderately increases the risk of subsequent metabolic complications. It seems that this foetal exposure to maternal blood glucose is only one risk factor of metabolic syndrome among others. In particular, the role of maternal weight in the occurrence of the metabolic syndrome in the offspring is difficult to distinguish from that of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: According to the current state of knowledge, it is uncertain whether maternal glycaemia control alone during pregnancy is sufficient for the prevention of metabolic syndrome in the offspring.
Serial plasma levels of oestriol and HPL in high risk pregnancies.; Authors have studied plasma human placental lactogen (HPL) an oestriol levels in 37 pregnant women affected by severe hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, bad obstetric history, intrauterine growth retardation. They point out validity of associated and seriated dosages of these hormones because they are expression of foetus wellbeing and of placental function to survey high risk pregnancies.
Fetal hemodynamic development in macrosomic growth.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the venous and arterial hemodynamics underlying macrosomic fetal growth. METHODS: Fifty-eight healthy women who previously had given birth to a large neonate were included in a prospective longitudinal study. Of these, 29 gave birth to neonates with birth weight ≥ 90th percentile and were included in the statistical analysis. Umbilical vein blood flow and Doppler measurements of the ductus venosus, left portal vein and the hepatic, splenic, superior mesenteric, cerebral and umbilical arteries were repeated at 3-5 examinations during the second half of pregnancy and compared with the corresponding reference values. Ultrasound biometry was used to estimate fetal weight. RESULTS: Umbilical blood flow increased faster in macrosomic fetuses, showed less blunting near term and was also significantly higher when normalized for estimated fetal weight (P < 0.0001). The portocaval perfusion pressure of the liver (expressed by the ductus venosus systolic blood velocity) and the left portal vein blood velocity (expressing umbilical venous distribution to the right liver lobe) were significantly higher. Systolic velocity was higher in the splenic, superior mesenteric, cerebral and umbilical arteries, while the pulsatility index was unaltered in the cerebral, hepatic, splenic and mesenteric arteries, but lower in the umbilical artery. CONCLUSIONS: There is an augmented umbilical flow in macrosomic fetuses particularly near term, also when normalized for estimated fetal weight, providing increased liver perfusion, including the right liver lobe. Signs of increased vascular cross section and flow are also seen on the arterial side but not expressed in the pulsatility index of organs with prominent auto-regulation (i.e., brain, liver, spleen and gut).
Diagnosing diabetes mellitus--do we need new criteria?; The current classification and diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus were introduced by the United States National Data Group in 1979 and endorsed by the World Health Organization in 1980, with modifications in 1985 and 1994. The criteria, chosen to reflect the risk of complications, were the synthesis of considerable thought and expertise and represented a consensus which, it was hoped, would prove helpful to all those involved with diabetes-practising clinician, research scientist and epidemiologist alike. The inconvenience, variability and non-physiological nature of the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) are well-recognised. In spite of these limitations the 2-h post-load plasma glucose has remained the standard against which all other tests have been evaluated. This article reviews the original justification for the OGTT, and in the light of more recent epidemiological research seeks to place the current diagnostic criteria for diabetes into a pathophysiological, diagnostic and prognostic perspective.
Fetal erythrocyte membrane lipids modification: preliminary observation of an early sign of compromised insulin sensitivity in offspring of gestational diabetic women.; AIMS: Intrauterine exposure to diabetes is a significant determinant of the development of obesity and early onset of Type 2 diabetes mellitus in the offspring. Both conditions are characterized by insulin resistance and the latter is associated with reduced membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids. Hence, we investigated if the membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids are depressed in the cord blood of babies born to women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: Cord (fetal) and maternal blood were obtained at delivery from control subjects (n = 33) and women with gestational diabetes (n = 40) and analysed for plasma triglycerides and cholinephosphoglycerides, and erythrocyte choline- and ethanolaminephosphoglycerides fatty acids. RESULTS: Babies of gestational diabetic mothers had reduced docosahexaenoic acid in the plasma (5.9 +/- 1.4 vs. 7.1 +/- 2.0, P < 0.01) and erythrocyte (4.0 +/- 2.2 vs. 5.4 +/- 2.9, P < 0.05) cholinephosphoglycerides. Moreover, the total omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids of the erythrocyte cholinephosphoglycerides were significantly lower (P < 0.05) in these babies. A similar trend was observed in plasma triglycerides and erythrocyte ethanolaminephosphoglycerides. The maternal plasma triglycerides and erythrocyte ethanolaminephosphoglycerides fatty acids profile were not different between the two groups. However, there was a reduction in arachidonic acid and total omega-6 fatty acids in the erythrocyte cholinephosphoglycerides of the gestational diabetic women. CONCLUSION: The altered plasma and erythrocyte fatty acids in the cord blood of babies born to women with gestational diabetes suggests a perturbation in the maternal-fetal nutrient transport and/or fetal lipid metabolism.
The influence of maternal weight, smoking, vascular complications and glucose regulation on the birth weight of infants of type 1 diabetic women.; The influence of maternal blood glucose regulation, weight gain, pre-pregnancy weight, vascular complications and smoking on the birth weight of infants was investigated in 72 type 1 (insulin-dependent) pregnant diabetic women. In patients with vascular complications (n = 23) the birth weight was significantly lower than in patients without vascular involvement (n = 49) (mean 380 g, P less than 0.05). The mean RBWR (relative birth weight ratio) of infants of patients who smoked more than 10 cigarettes per day was statistically significant lower compared to the mean RBWR of infants of non-smokers (P less than 0.025). A significant correlation was present between haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and RBWR (r = 0.28, P less than 0.02) and between maternal net weight gain and RBWR (r = 0.36, P less than 0.005) and this correlation became even stronger when only patients without vascular lesions were considered (n = 49) (r = 0.51, P less than 0.005) and (r = 0.50, P less than 0.005), respectively. In contrast no correlation was found between pre-pregnancy weight and RBWR. The study suggests that factors other than maternal hyperglycaemia stimulate fetal growth and may explain why fetal macrosomia may occur despite of strict blood glucose regulation.
Obstetric complications among US women with asthma.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to characterize complications of pregnancy, labor, and delivery associated with maternal asthma in a contemporary US cohort. STUDY DESIGN: We studied a retrospective cohort based on electronic medical record data from 223,512 singleton deliveries from 12 clinical centers across the United States from 2002 through 2008. RESULTS: Women with asthma had higher odds of preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.14; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.06-1.22), superimposed preeclampsia (aOR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.15-1.56), gestational diabetes (aOR, 1.11; 95% CI, 1.03-1.19), placental abruption (aOR, 1.22; 95% CI, 1.09-1.36), and placenta previa (aOR, 1.30; 95% CI, 1.08-1.56). Asthmatic women had a higher odds of preterm birth overall (aOR, 1.17; 95% CI, 1.12-1.23) and of medically indicated preterm delivery (aOR, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.01-1.29). Asthmatics were less likely to have spontaneous labor (aOR, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.84-0.90) and vaginal delivery (aOR, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.80-0.87). Risks were higher for breech presentation (aOR, 1.13; 95% CI, 1.05-1.22), hemorrhage (aOR, 1.09; 95% CI, 1.03-1.16), pulmonary embolism (aOR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.05-2.79), and maternal intensive care unit admission (aOR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.04-1.72). CONCLUSION: Maternal asthma increased risk for nearly all outcomes studied in a general obstetric population.
Oculoauriculovertebral abnormalities in children of diabetic mothers.; Maternal diabetes is known to have teratogenic effects. Malformations including neural tube defects, caudal dysgenesis, vertebral defects, congenital heart defects, femoral hypoplasia, and renal anomalies are described in infants of diabetic mothers. However, craniofacial anomalies have rarely been reported in such infants. Here we document craniofacial anomalies of patients born to diabetic mothers. We describe two patient populations: individuals evaluated through our genetics services for multiple malformations and individuals identified through a database search in our craniofacial clinic. The first group consists of 14 individuals evaluated in our genetics clinics who were born to diabetic mothers and had craniofacial anomalies. The second group consists of seven individuals who were identified from a craniofacial database search of patients with hemifacial microsomia and who were born to diabetic mothers. Thus, both groups were born to diabetic mothers and had hemifacial microsomia (67%), microtia (52%), hearing loss (43%), epibulbar dermoids (24%), and fused cervical vertebrae (24%). Therefore, the teratogenic effects of maternal diabetes probably include such craniofacial malformations as the oculoauriculovertebral/Goldenhar complex. Infants of diabetic mothers should be evaluated for craniofacial anomalies. Conversely, mothers of infants with craniofacial anomalies should be evaluated for diabetes to aid in counseling concerning cause and recurrence risks.
Longitudinal association of physical activity during pregnancy with maternal and infant outcomes: Findings from the Australian longitudinal study of women's health.; BACKGROUND: Physical activity has known benefits during pregnancy; however, the optimum volume of physical activity through the different stages of pregnancy is not well known. OBJECTIVES: The aims of this study were to investigate the associations of physical activity volume in pregnant women in each trimester of pregnancy with maternal and infant outcomes. DESIGN: The study involved 1657 pregnant women from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health, who completed surveys from 2006 to 2012 (aged 28-39 years). METHODS: Women reported being in either the first, second or third trimester of pregnancy. Women were grouped into four groups according to their self-reported physical activity during pregnancy: (1) Nil (0-<33.3 MET.min/week), (2) Low (33.3-<500 MET.min/week), (3) Moderate (500-<1000 MET.min/week) and (4) High (⩾1000 MET.min/week). Women who reported their physical activity during pregnancy completed a survey within three years after the birth, relating to outcomes associated with pregnancy and childbirth (gestational diabetes, hypertension, and antenatal depression and anxiety) and infant outcomes (birthweight and prematurity). RESULTS: There was no association of physical activity in any trimester with infant birthweight, prematurity, gestational diabetes, hypertension or antenatal depression. Antenatal anxiety was less prevalent in women who reported low (1.7%) or moderate (1.1%) physical activity than in those who reported no activity (4.7%; p = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Different amounts of physical activity during pregnancy were not associated with the measured adverse health outcomes. However, low and moderate amounts of physical activity were associated with reduced incidence of antenatal anxiety.
The effect of bariatric surgery on polycystic ovary syndrome patients' obstetric and neonatal outcomes: a population-based study.; PURPOSE: To examine the effect of bariatric surgery (BS) on obstetric and neonatal outcomes in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). METHODS: A retrospective population-based cohort study utilizing the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample database, including women who delivered in the third trimester or had a maternal death in the USA (2004-2014). We compared obstetric and neonatal outcomes between groups in three analyses: (1) Primary analysis-women with an ICD-9 PCOS diagnosis who underwent BS compared to pregnant PCOS patients without BS. (2) Sub-group analysis-PCOS women with BS compared to obese PCOS women (body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) without BS. (3) Women with and without PCOS who underwent BS. RESULT: In the primary analysis, pregnant PCOS women who underwent BS (N = 141), compared to pregnant PCOS women without BS (N = 14,741), were less likely to develop pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) (9.2% vs. 16.2%, respectively, aOR 0.39, 95% CI 0.21-0.72) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (9.9% vs. 18.8, aOR 0.40, 95% CI 0.23-0.70). In the sub-group analysis, PCOS women with BS, compared to obese PCOS women without BS (N = 3231), were less likely to develop gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preeclampsia or eclampsia superimposed on hypertension (P < 0.05). Lastly, PCOS patients with BS had a higher cesarean section rate when compared to non-PCOS patients with BS (N = 9197) (61.7% vs. 49.2%, aOR 1.48, 95% CI 1.05-2.09), with otherwise comparable obstetric and neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: BS in PCOS patients was associated with reduced risks for GDM and PIH when compared to PCOS controls without BS and reduced risk for gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preeclampsia or eclampsia superimposed on hypertension when compared to obese PCOS controls without BS. Moreover, BS was associated with reduced inherent pregnancy risks of PCOS, almost equating them to those of non-PCOS counterparts.
Acute bilateral anterior tibial compartment syndrome after Caesarian section in a diabetic.; An acute bilateral anterior tibial compartment syndrome is described in a young diabetic after Caesarian section with subsequent recovery. A vascular aetiology appears most likely.
Gestational diabetes and the adenosine/L-arginine/nitric oxide (ALANO) pathway in human umbilical vein endothelium.; Altered endothelial cell function is a key factor associated with vascular disorders and is critical in the fetal growth and development. Pregnancies affected by diseases such as gestational diabetes are associated with human umbilical vein endothelial dysfunction, a finding that has been associated with a high incidence of vascular complications during the adult life. Limited information is available addressing cellular mechanisms associated with altered human umbilical vein endothelial function in gestational diabetes. One of the key signalling pathways associated with altered vascular physiology is the synthesis of the vasodilator nitric oxide (NO) from the cationic amino acid L-arginine by the endothelium (i.e. the endothelial L-arginine/NO pathway). The activity of this signalling pathway is modulated by D-glucose, adenosine, insulin, and ATP, among other molecules, and is upregulated (transcriptional, post-transcriptional and post-translational levels) in gestational diabetes. This review focuses on the cellular and molecular mechanisms involved with elevated adenosine levels in fetal umbilical vein blood and the endothelial L-arginine/NO pathway activity in gestational diabetes. We suggest that a lower capacity of adenosine transport by the fetal endothelium in gestational diabetes leads to extracellular accumulation of this nucleoside and its higher bio-availability activates endothelial P1 type purinoceptors. A functional association between A2a purinoceptor subtype signalling and the activity of the l-arginine transport mediated by human cationic amino acid transporters and endothelial NO synthase activity (i.e. 'ALANO pathway') is proposed, revealing in part the mechanisms that account for human umbilical vein endothelial cell dysfunction programmed through the development of the fetus in gestational diabetes.
Alteration of phosphotyrosine phosphatase activity in tissues from diabetic and pregnant rats.; Membrane-associated tyrosine phosphatase activities were studied in two distinct states of insulin resistance: diabetes and pregnancy. Using a novel immunoenzymatic assay with intact insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and insulin receptors as substrates, we show that phosphotyrosine-protein phosphatases (PTP-ases) from normal rat tissues induce a decrease in tyrosine phosphorylation of both receptors. Membrane fractions from kidney, brain, and liver contain the highest PTP-ase activity toward the insulin receptor. After 20-day streptozotocin-induced diabetes, PTP-ase activities are increased by 70% in the placenta, reduced by 40-50% in liver and skeletal muscle, and remained unchanged in the nonclassical insulin target tissues, kidney and brain. In general, the dephosphorylation of IGF-I receptor follows a pattern similar to that of insulin receptor except in red skeletal muscle in which it is not modified. Pregnancy also induces alterations of liver PTP-ases similar to those elicited by diabetes with a 50% reduction of insulin and IGF-I receptor dephosphorylation. This effect of pregnancy is further potentiated by diabetes. The alterations in the activity of hepatic PTP-ases from diabetic and pregnant rats are associated with a decreased autophosphorylation of the insulin receptor, suggesting that the diminution of phosphatase activity might be associated to the state of receptor phosphorylation and activation. Our data demonstrate that alterations of PTP-ases in insulin target tissues are found in two insulin-resistant states, one characterized by hyperinsulinemia, pregnancy and one by insulinopenia, streptozotocin-diabetes. These observations suggest a possible relationship between the defective activity of receptor tyrosine kinases and membrane-associated phosphatases from insulin responsive tissues.
Pregnancy in women over forty.; In a retrospective review of 440 pregnancies occurring in women over the age of 40, increased frequencies of both perinatal and maternal complications were noted. The perinatal mortality rate of the study group was three times greater than that of the general obstetric population. There were increased incidences of both low and high birthweight infants. Neonatal morbidity was increased. Congenital abnormalities were noted in 12 infants, including 2 infants with cytogenetic abnormalities. Hypertensive disorders complicated one-third of the pregnancies. Diabetes mellitus and abruptio placentae occurred with increased frequency. Cesarean section was required in 12.2% of the deliveries.
Prediction of miscarriage and stillbirth at 11-13 weeks and the contribution of chorionic villus sampling.; OBJECTIVES: To derive models for estimating risk of miscarriage and stillbirth from maternal characteristics and findings of first-trimester screening for aneuploidies and to define the procedure-related risk of chorionic villus sampling (CVS) after adjusting for these factors. METHOD: We examined 33 856 singleton pregnancies at 11(+0) to 13(+6) weeks, and in 2396 CVS was carried out. Logistic regression analysis was used to examine the factors contributing to miscarriage and stillbirth. RESULTS: There were 33 310 (98.4%) livebirths, 404 (1.2%) miscarriages and 142 (0.4%) stillbirths. Models combining maternal characteristics, nuchal translucency, pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) and flow in the ductus venosus detected 36.9% of miscarriages and 35.2% of stillbirths, at a 10% false-positive rate. The risk of miscarriage and stillbirth increased with maternal age and weight, in women of African racial origin, in those with previous miscarriages or stillbirths and in those with low serum PAPP-A and reversed A-wave in the ductus venosus. The risk of miscarriage increased in women with pre-existing diabetes mellitus, in those conceiving on ovulation-induction drugs and in those with high fetal nuchal translucency, and the risk of stillbirth increased in women with chronic hypertension and in cigarette smokers. The expected number of miscarriages and stillbirths in the CVS group and the models derived from the non-CVS group were 45 (95% prediction intervals 32-58) and 18 (95% prediction intervals 9-26), respectively. These expected numbers were not significantly different from the observed 44 and 15 cases (p = 0.881 and 0.480), respectively. CONCLUSION: A high proportion of fetal losses can be predicted at 11 to 13 weeks. A model for such predictions can be used to assess the procedure-related risks from CVS.
Collaborative strategies for unraveling the complexity of birth defects.; This article summarizes a presentation by one of the authors (CAH) to the Fifth Annual Meeting of the Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group of North America. Dr Hobbs, MD, PhD, the Director of the Arkansas Center for Birth Defects Research and Prevention, presented an overview of the collaborative strategies developed for investigating the etiology of birth defects. A multidisciplinary group of scientists and clinicians explores current hypotheses in diabetic embryopathy, drawing upon expertise in experimental biology, genetic epidemiology, genomics, metabolomics and translational research. The prevalence rate of birth defects among infants of diabetic mothers is as high as 11%, despite the knowledge that maternal metabolic control is strongly correlated with the risk of malformations. Specifically, caudal dysgenesis, renal anomalies, heart and neural tube defects and situs abnormalities occur more often among infants of diabetic women than non-diabetic women. Researchers are also working to discover the underlying mechanisms that make some women with diabetes more susceptible than others to having infants with birth defects.
New susceptibility loci in MYL2, C12orf51 and OAS1 associated with 1-h plasma glucose as predisposing risk factors for type 2 diabetes in the Korean population.; Most recently, 1-h hyperglycemia has been recognized as an additional risk factor for type 2 diabetes. To date, previous genome-wide association studies for glycemic traits have a limited impact on the fasting state and 2-h plasma glucose level in an oral glucose challenge. To identify genetic susceptibility in different stages of glucose tolerance, we performed a meta-analysis for glycemic traits including 1-h plasma glucose (1-hPG) from 14 232 non-diabetic individuals in the Korean population. Newly implicated variants (MYL2, C12orf51 and OAS1) were found to be significantly associated with 1-hPG. We also demonstrated associations with gestational diabetes mellitus. Our results could provide additional insight into the genetic variation in the clinical range of glycemia.
Indications contributing to the decreasing cesarean delivery rate at an academic tertiary center.; BACKGROUND: Evaluating trends in indications may identify targets to safely reduce the primary cesarean delivery rate. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine physician-documented indications for cesarean delivery to identify specific factors that contribute to a decreasing cesarean delivery rate. STUDY DESIGN: We analyzed rates of primary and repeat cesarean deliveries, which included indications for the procedure, among 22,265 live births at an academic tertiary center from 2009-2013. Time trends for each indication were modeled to estimate the absolute and cumulative annualized relative risk of cesarean delivery by indication over time and the relative contribution of each indication to the overall decrease in primary cesarean delivery rate. RESULTS: From 2009-2013, the cesarean delivery rate decreased from 36.5-31.4%; 74% of the decrease was attributable to a decrease in primary cesarean deliveries, which decreased from 21.7-17.6%. Among documented indications for primary cesarean delivery, labor arrest, abnormal or indeterminate fetal heart rate, and preeclampsia decreased significantly over time (P<.001), whereas malpresentation, multiple gestation, maternal-fetal, macrosomia, and other obstetric and elective/maternal requests did not change (P>.05). Labor arrest was responsible for the largest proportion of the decrease in the primary cesarean delivery rate (44%), followed by abnormal or indeterminate fetal heart rate (23%) and preeclampsia (13%). CONCLUSION: Primary cesarean births accounted for 74% of the decreasing cesarean delivery rate. Reductions in the diagnosis of labor arrest and abnormal fetal heart rate led to a decreased cesarean delivery rate at a major academic institution. Contemporaneous changes in definitions of labor arrest and approaches to fetal monitoring that were adopted at our institution may have considerable effect on the cesarean delivery rate.
Twin pregnancy following gonadotrophin therapy in a patient with Sheehan's syndrome.; A case of Sheehan's syndrome presented with secondary amenorrhea and was put on L-thyroxine, prednisolone and cyclical estrogen and progestin. Ovulation induction with gonadotrophins and intrauterine insemination with husband's semen resulted in a twin pregnancy. Antepartum course was complicated by bronchial asthma, gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Cesarian section was done at 34 weeks gestation for preterm rupture of membranes and breech presentation. Both babies and their mother were doing well at 6 months of follow-up.
Obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes in twin pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcomes in twin pregnancies based on maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI). METHODS: Historical cohort study of all twin pregnancies >24 weeks managed by one maternal-fetal medicine practice from 2005 to 2012. We compared pregnancy outcomes between pre-pregnancy obese (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) and normal weight women (BMI 18.5-24.99 kg/m(2)). We also compared pre-pregnancy normal weight women to overweight women (BMI 25-29.99 kg/m(2)) and underweight women (BMI <18.5 kg/m(2)). Chi square, Fisher's exact test, Student's t-test, and one-way ANOVA were used as appropriate. A p value of <0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Five hundred fourteen patients with twin pregnancies were included. Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational hypertension (34.1% versus 17.9%, p = 0.011), preeclampsia (27.3% versus 14.4%, p = 0.028), and gestational diabetes (22.2% versus 4.7%, p < 0.001). Pre-pregnancy overweight was associated with gestational diabetes (13.7% versus 4.7%, p = 0.002). Pre-pregnancy underweight was not associated with any adverse pregnancy outcomes. Comparing outcomes across normal weight, overweight, and obese women, the rates of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension increased significantly across the three groups. CONCLUSION: In patients with twin pregnancy, pre-pregnancy obesity is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia.
Analysis of Pregnancy Complications and Epigenetic Gestational Age of Newborns.; IMPORTANCE: Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes, the most common pregnancy complications, are associated with substantial morbidity and mortality in mothers and children. Little is known about the biological processes that link the occurrence of these pregnancy complications with adverse child outcomes; altered biological aging of the growing fetus up to birth is one molecular pathway of increasing interest. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether exposure to each of these 3 pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia) is associated with accelerated or decelerated gestational biological age in children at birth. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Children included in these analyses were born between 1998 and 2018 and spanned multiple geographic areas of the US. Pregnancy complication information was obtained from maternal self-report and/or medical record data. DNA methylation measures were obtained from blood biospecimens collected from offspring at birth. The study used data from the national Environmental Influences on Child Health Outcomes (ECHO) multisite cohort study collected and recorded as of the August 31, 2021, data lock date. Data analysis was performed from September 2021 to December 2022. EXPOSURES: Three pregnancy conditions were examined: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Accelerated or decelerated biological gestational age at birth, estimated using existing epigenetic gestational age clock algorithms. RESULTS: A total of 1801 child participants (880 male [48.9%]; median [range] chronological gestational age at birth, 39 [30-43] weeks) from 12 ECHO cohorts met the analytic inclusion criteria. Reported races included Asian (49 participants [2.7%]), Black (390 participants [21.7%]), White (1026 participants [57.0%]), and other races (92 participants [5.1%]) (ie, American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, multiple races, and other race not specified). In total, 524 participants (29.0%) reported Hispanic ethnicity. Maternal ages ranged from 16 to 45 years of age with a median of 29 in the analytic sample. A range of maternal education levels, from less than high school (260 participants [14.4%]) to Bachelor's degree and above (629 participants [34.9%]), were reported. In adjusted regression models, prenatal exposure to maternal gestational diabetes (β, -0.423; 95% CI, -0.709 to -0.138) and preeclampsia (β, -0.513; 95% CI, -0.857 to -0.170), but not gestational hypertension (β, 0.003; 95% CI, -0.338 to 0.344), were associated with decelerated epigenetic aging among exposed neonates vs those who were unexposed. Modification of these associations, by sex, was observed with exposure to preeclampsia (β, -0.700; 95% CI, -1.189 to -0.210) and gestational diabetes (β, -0.636; 95% CI, -1.070 to -0.200), with associations observed among female but not male participants. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This US cohort study of neonate biological changes related to exposure to maternal pregnancy conditions found evidence that preeclampsia and gestational diabetes delay biological maturity, especially in female offspring.
The Australasian Diabetes in Pregnancy Society consensus guidelines for the management of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in relation to pregnancy.; Strict control of blood glucose levels should be pursued before conception and maintained throughout the pregnancy (glycohaemoglobin [HbA(1c)] level as close as possible to the reference range). Before conception: high-dose (5 mg daily) folate supplementation should be commenced; oral hypoglycaemic agents should be ceased; and diabetes complications screening should take place. Management should be by a multidisciplinary team experienced in the management of diabetes in pregnancy. Blood glucose monitoring is mandatory during pregnancy, and targets are: fasting 4.0-5.5 mmol/L; postprandial < 8.0 mmol/L at 1 hour; < 7 mmol/L at 2 hours. A first trimester nuchal translucency (possibly with first trimester biochemical screening with pregnancy-associated plasma protein A and beta-human chorionic gonadotropin) should be offered. Ultrasound should be performed for fetal morphology at 18-20 weeks, if required, for cardiac views at 24 weeks and for fetal growth at 28-30 and 34-36 weeks. Induction of labour or operative delivery should be based on obstetric and/or fetal indications. Level 3 neonatal nursing facilities may be required and should be anticipated when birth occurs before 36 weeks, or if there has been poor glycaemic control. Insulin requirements fall rapidly during labour and in the puerperium. At this time, close monitoring and adjustment of insulin therapy is necessary.
Streptozotocin diabetes in the pregnant rat induces cardiovascular dysfunction in adult offspring.; Severe diabetes in pregnant rats produces persistent metabolic consequences in adult offspring. This study investigated whether diabetes in pregnant rats could also lead to cardiovascular abnormalities in the adult offspring. Blood pressure, heart rate and in vitro vascular reactivity of small arteries were evaluated in female adult offspring of control rats and of rats rendered diabetic with streptozotocin. Rise in blood pressures were similar in both groups of offspring but heart rate was lower in the diabetic offspring (p < 0.05). The rise in blood pressure associated with infusion of a nitric oxide synthase inhibitor was similar in both groups, but the associated decrease in heart rate was more pronounced in diabetic offspring (p < 0.01). Small mesenteric arteries from this group showed enhanced sensitivity to noradrenaline (p < 0.05) and abnormal endothelium-dependent relaxation to acetylcholine (p < 0.01) and bradykinin (p < 0.05). Reduction in acetylcholine induced relaxation, reflected reduced synthesis of nitric oxide or a cyclooxygenase product and was not attributable to an endothelium-derived hyperpolarizing factor. Sensitivity to exogenous nitric oxide was normal. A subgroup of pups born to diabetic dams were suckled by control maternal dams and a subgroup of those born to controls by diabetic dams. Suckling was an important determinant of impaired growth; offspring of diabetic rats suckled by their own mother and those of control rats by diabetic dams showed impaired growth rates whereas growth of offspring of diabetic rats suckled by control dams paralleled those of control rats suckled by their own mother.
Functional and Anatomic Consequences of Diabetic Pregnancy on Memory in Ten-Year-Old Children.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus impair offspring memory functions during infancy and early childhood. The purpose of this study was to investigate the long-term consequences of such pregnancies on memory and memory-related brain regions in 10-year-old children. METHODS: Nineteen children of diabetic mothers (CDMs) and 35 children of nondiabetic mothers participated in this 10-year follow-up study. Memory performance was assessed using a continuous recognition memory task during which children made old/new judgments in response to pictures of concrete and abstract objects presented after different lags or delays. In addition, the volume of the hippocampal formation (HF) was measured using high-resolution structural images. RESULTS: At 10 years of age, recognition memory performance of CDMs did not differ from children of nondiabetic mothers. Similarly, the volume of the HF did not differ between groups. However, the size of the HF in CDMs predicted the time those children needed to provide accurate responses in the continuous recognition memory task. CONCLUSIONS: CDMs do not show memory impairments by 10 years of age, despite evidence for such impairments early in life. However, subtle differences in underlying neural processes may still be present. These results have important implications for long-term cognitive development of CDMs.
Cycling reduces blood glucose excursions after an oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women: a randomized crossover trial.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of an acute bout of cycling immediately after oral glucose intake on glucose metabolism in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fifteen pregnant women with BMI ≥ 27 kg/m(2) were enrolled in a randomized crossover controlled study and underwent two oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) ingesting 75 g of glucose followed by either 20 min of stationary cycling at moderate intensity (65%-75% maximal heart rate) or rest. Using continuous glucose monitors, glucose was measured up to 48 h after the OGTT. Glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were determined at baseline and after 1 and 2 h. One hour after glucose intake, mean blood glucose was significantly lower after cycling compared with rest (p = 0.002). Similarly, mean glucose peak level was significantly lower after cycling compared with after rest (p = 0.039). Lower levels of insulin and C-peptide were observed after 1 h (p < 0.01). Differences in glucose measurements after 2 h and up to 48 h were not statistically different. We found that 20 min of cycling at moderate intensity after glucose intake reduced blood glucose excursions in pregnant women at risk for GDM. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03644238. Novelty Bullets In pregnant women, we found that cycling after glucose intake resulted in significantly lower glucose levels compared with rest. The exercise intervention studied is feasible for pregnant women and could be readily used to reduce glucose excursions.
Fetal biophysical activities in third-trimester pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to compare third-trimester fetal biophysical activities in normal and well-controlled insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: We performed serial bimonthly fetal biophysical studies from 30 to 38 weeks in 18 normal and 18 well-controlled insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies (White classes B through D). Each study contained 60 minutes of simultaneous ultrasonographic recordings of fetal breathing movements and rates, baseline heart rate, and body movements. Mean daily blood glucose levels of diabetic patients were determined from home monitors; HbA1c was determined every 6 weeks and ultrasonographic fetal growth rates every 3 weeks. Data were compared with t tests, analysis of variance with repeated measures, and chi 2 tests. RESULTS: Women in the diabetic group maintained good glycemic control and were delivered of normal infants of weights similar to those of nondiabetic gravidas. Their fetuses had higher mean incidences of fetal breathing movement, fetal heart rates, and fetal breathing rates but lower fetal movements and fetal heart rate acceleration counts than did controls throughout the study. Neither short- nor long-term maternal glycemic levels correlated well with fetal biophysical performance. CONCLUSIONS: In spite of good maternal glycemic control fetuses of diabetic women behaved differently from those of nondiabetic women. Modulation of their biophysical activities may be affected by maternal glycemic status before the last trimester. Different standards might need to be applied to interpret their tests.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Type 1 Diabetes Pregnancy Shows that Fetal Heart Rate Correlates with Maternal Glycemia.; BACKGROUND: Much evidence has shown that pregnancies in women with preexisting diabetes are affected by an increased risk of maternal and fetal adverse outcomes, probably linked to poor glycemic control. Despite great progress in medical care, the rate of stillbirths remains much higher in diabetes patients than in the general population. Recent technological advances in the field of glucose monitoring and noninvasive fetal heart rate monitoring made it possible to observe the fetal-maternal dependencies in a continuous manner. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Fourteen type 1 diabetes patients were involved into the study and fitted with a blinded continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) recorder. Fetal electrocardiogram data were recorded using the Monica AN24™ device (Monica Healthcare Ltd., Nottingham, United Kingdom), the recordings of which were matched with CGM data. Statistical analysis was performed using a generalized mixed-effect logistic regression to account for individual factors. RESULTS: The mean number of paired data points per patient was 254±106, representing an observation period of 21.2±8.8 h. Mean glycemia equaled 5.64±0.68 mmol/L, and mean fetal heart rate was 135±6 beats/min. Higher glycemia correlated with fetal heart rate (R=0.32; P<0.0001) and was associated with higher odds of the fetus developing small accelerations (odds ratio=1.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.10; P=0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Elevated maternal glycemia of mothers with diabetes is associated with accelerations of fetal heart rate.
[Complications in heart transplantation: diagnosis and treatment].; ACUTE REJECTION: Endomyocardial biopsy is the most reliable method to detect acute rejection but is an invasive procedure. Other non-invasive methods have been proposed including tissular Doppler ultrasonography with analysis of the posterior wall velocity and teletransmitted study of the intramyocardial amplitude of the QRS complex. Adding plasmapheresis to the conventional treatment is helpful in improving survival and reducing the incidence of late coronary disease after severe acute reflection. Plasmapheresis also has a preventive effect as do certain inductors such as anti-thrombocyte globulin (ATG). INFECTION: Opportunistic infections are the leading cause of mortality in the year following heart transplantation, generally related to the hypogammaglobulinemia. Intravenous immunoglobulins have helped reduce the frequency of infections. CANCER: More than 1/3 of donor cancers diagnosed after transplantation will be transmitted to the cardiothoracic organ recipient. Melanoma, choriocarcinoma and renal carcinoma with vascular effraction are the most transferable tumors. DIABETES: Survival at 5 years is lower in heart transplant recipients but at 10 years the incidence of coronary artery disease and infection are the same. However at 10 years, creatininemia is higher as is the frequency of lower limb arteropathies. RHABDOMYOLYSIS: The incidence of rhabdomyolysis after heart transplantation in patients treated with statin is much higher than in the general population, but complementary studies are needed to compare the muscular effects of the different statins in transplant recipients. CORONARY ARTERY DISEASE: Coronary artery disease of the graft is the leading cause of late mortality. The known risk factors can be limited by normalizing blood pressure and lipidemia and using ATG to prevent rejection. GROWTH OF THE GRAFT IN CHILDREN: Growth of the graft has been demonstrated in 17 recipients aged less than 13 years at the time of transplantation. Growth was linear and followed the child's weight and height curves. Ultrasound measures normalized 6 months after transplantation. PREGNANCY: The graft continues to function normally in female heart transplant recipients during pregnancy and post-portum. Complementary studies are needed to determine the long-term effect.
Gestational Weight Gain: Achieving a Healthier Weight Between Pregnancies.; Rates of obesity continue to be a cause of morbidity and mortality, requiring intervention. Excessive gestational weight gain is related to postpartum weight retention and subsequent development of obesity, which translates into higher risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes in future pregnancies and long-term excess cardiovascular disease and cancer for the mothers. Limiting gestational weight gain to within recommended limits prevents postpartum weight retention. This article provides an overview of methods and practices aimed at helping women achieve a healthy weight between pregnancies by improving gestational weight gain. These interventions include lifestyle behavioral changes, diet and exercise, and motivational interviewing.
[Data on ophthalmologic diseases during pregnancy].; The authors present the palpebral, uveal, neurologic, retinal manifestations and mainly diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy. Likewise, the paper analyses the relationship: high myopia, detachment of the retina und pregnancy, and the therapeutic attitude at ophthalmologic and obstetrical levels.
Delayed angiographic changes in postpartum cerebral angiopathy.; Postpartum cerebral angiopathy is a well-recognised subgroup of the reversible vasoconstriction syndromes. Increasingly described is a delay between clinical onset and angiographic changes. We report a patient who presented 19 days postpartum with severe thunderclap headaches, vertigo and a seizure. The clinical syndrome preceded evidence of extensive vasoconstriction on MRA imaging by 15 days; the changes were reversible at 3 months.
Insulin restores gestational diabetes mellitus-reduced adenosine transport involving differential expression of insulin receptor isoforms in human umbilical vein endothelium.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether insulin reverses gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-reduced expression and activity of human equilibrative nucleoside transporters 1 (hENT1) in human umbilical vein endothelium cells (HUVECs). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Primary cultured HUVECs from full-term normal (n = 44) and diet-treated GDM (n = 44) pregnancies were used. Insulin effect was assayed on hENT1 expression (protein, mRNA, SLC29A1 promoter activity) and activity (initial rates of adenosine transport) as well as endothelial nitric oxide (NO) synthase activity (serine(1177) phosphorylation, l-citrulline formation). Adenosine concentration in culture medium and umbilical vein blood (high-performance liquid chromatography) as well as insulin receptor A and B expression (quantitative PCR) were determined. Reactivity of umbilical vein rings to adenosine and insulin was assayed by wire myography. Experiments were in the absence or presence of l-N(G)-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester (l-NAME; NO synthase inhibitor) or ZM-241385 (an A(2A)-adenosine receptor antagonist). RESULTS: Umbilical vein blood adenosine concentration was higher, and the adenosine- and insulin-induced NO/endothelium-dependent umbilical vein relaxation was lower in GDM. Cells from GDM exhibited increased insulin receptor A isoform expression in addition to the reported NO-dependent inhibition of hENT1-adenosine transport and SLC29A1 reporter repression, and increased extracellular concentration of adenosine and NO synthase activity. Insulin reversed all these parameters to values in normal pregnancies, an effect blocked by ZM-241385 and l-NAME. CONCLUSIONS: GDM and normal pregnancy HUVEC phenotypes are differentially responsive to insulin, a phenomenon where insulin acts as protecting factor for endothelial dysfunction characteristic of this syndrome. Abnormal adenosine plasma levels, and potentially A(2A)-adenosine receptors and insulin receptor A, will play crucial roles in this phenomenon in GDM.
Should all pregnant diabetic women undergo a fetal echocardiography? A cost-effectiveness analysis comparing four screening strategies.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if a policy of universal fetal echocardiography for all pregnant diabetic women is cost-effective as a screening tool for congenital heart defects. STUDY DESIGN: Using a decision-analysis model, we compared the cost-effectiveness of four screening strategies: (1) none--no ultrasound is performed; (2) selective fetal echocardiography after abnormal detailed anatomic survey; (3) fetal echocardiography for only high hemoglobin A1C, and (4) universal fetal echocardiography for all diabetics. The sensitivity and specificity for each strategy were derived by literature search. The analysis was from a societal perspective using a willingness-to-pay threshold (50,000 dollars) and a theoretic cohort of 40,000 pregnant diabetics. Costs included costs of tests and the costs of complications and of raising a child with a cardiac defect. Outcomes were reported as cost per quality-adjusted life years (QALY) gained for each congenital heart defect prevented by each strategy and the number of congenital heart defects detected. One-way, multiway and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed. RESULTS: Compared with the other strategies, selective fetal echocardiography after abnormal detailed anatomic survey costs less per QALY gained for cardiac defect screening. Although universal fetal echocardiography was associated with a higher detection rate for cardiac defects, it was more costly. The sensitivity analyses revealed a robust model over a wide range of values. CONCLUSION: Under the baseline assumptions, selective fetal echocardiography after an abnormal detailed anatomic survey is more cost-effective compared with universal fetal echocardiography as a screening strategy for cardiac defects in pregnant diabetics.
Association between prepregnancy body mass index and congenital heart defects.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine associations between prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and congenital heart defects (CHDs). STUDY DESIGN: These analyses included case infants with CHDs (n = 6440) and liveborn control infants without birth defects (n = 5673) enrolled in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study (1997-2004). RESULTS: Adjusted odds ratios for all CHDs combined were 1.16 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.05-1.29), 1.15 (95% CI, 1.00-1.32), and 1.31 (95% CI, 1.11-1.56) for overweight status, moderate obesity, and severe obesity, respectively. Phenotypes associated with elevated BMI (> or =25.0 kg/m(2)) were conotruncal defects (tetralogy of Fallot), total anomalous pulmonary venous return, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, right ventricular outflow tract (RVOT) defects (pulmonary valve stenosis), and septal defects (secundum atrial septal defect). CONCLUSION: These results corroborated those of previous studies and suggested new associations between obesity and conotruncal defects and RVOT defects.
Maternity and lung transplantation: cases in Spain.; We contacted and analyzed the data of 18 lung transplant recipients who had had children. The complications we detected included: hypertension (50%), diabetes mellitus (21%), preeclampsia (13%), infection (21%), rejection (30%), loss of graft function (23%) and a lower percentage of live births than in transplant recipients of other organs. Other aspects to keep in mind are: the potential risk for fetal alterations (caused by drugs used as prophylaxis against rejection crossing the placental barrier); greater risk for infection and alterations in drug levels due to changes in metabolism typical of pregnancy and postpartum period. We describe the two cases in Spain of female lung transplant recipients who have had children after transplantation. Although pregnancy in these cases can have a similar evolution as in non-transplanted women, doctors should recommend their transplanted patients to avoid becoming pregnant, while explaining the high risk of both fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality after transplantation.
Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Associated with Magnesium and Vitamin D Nutrients during Pregnancy-A Narrative Review.; This narrative review comprehensively explores the cardiometabolic implications of two vital nutrients, magnesium and vitamin D, during gestation. Magnesium, a key regulator of vascular tone, glucose metabolism, and insulin sensitivity, plays a crucial role in mitigating gestational hypertension and diabetes, a point this review underscores. Conversely, vitamin D, critical for immune response and calcium level maintenance, is linked to gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The authors aim to enhance comprehension of the complex interaction between these nutrients and cardiometabolic function in pregnancy, knowledge that is pivotal for optimizing maternal-fetal outcomes. The mother's health during pregnancy significantly influences the long-term development of the fetus. Recognizing the impact of these nutrient deficiencies on the physiology of cardiometabolic cycles underscores the importance of adequate nutritional support during pregnancy. It also emphasizes the pressing need for future research and targeted interventions to alleviate the burden of pregnancy complications, highlighting the crucial role of healthcare professionals, researchers, and policy makers in obstetrics and gynecology in this endeavor.
Follow-up study of neurodevelopment in 2-year-old infants who had suffered from neonatal hypoglycemia.; BACKGROUND: Neonatal hypoglycemia is tightly related to adverse neurodevelopmental and brain injury outcomes. METHODS: A total of 195 infants who were born from diabetic mothers with a low blood glucose level (< 2.6 mM) within 0.5 h after birth were enrolled in this prospective cohort study. Of these, 157 infants who had neonatal hypoglycemia (group A) were followed up, and this group was further divided into A1 [blood glucose concentration (BGC) < 2.6 mM at < 2 h after birth], A2 (BGC < 2.6 mM at 2-24 h after birth), and A3 (BGC < 2.6 mM at > 24 h after birth). A total of 144 infants whose mothers had no high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus were followed up as the control group during the same period. The neurodevelopment of the infants was evaluated by the Gesell scoring method. RESULTS: The adaptability in the A2 and A3 subgroups was significantly lower than that in the control group (73.9 ± 6.6 vs. 87.9 ± 11.2; 71.5 ± 8.9 vs. 87.9 ± 11.2, respectively). There were significantly more mothers who used insulin during the perinatal period in A3 than in A1 and A2 (31% vs. 2%; 31% vs. 7.9%, respectively). The mothers of babies in subgroups A2 and A3 gained more weight than those of the control group (15.3 ± 1.9 kg vs. 11.1 ± 2.2 kg; 14.8 ± 2.6 kg vs. 11.1 ± 2.2 kg, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Long and repeated neonatal hypoglycemia caused poor adaptability. The babies of mothers who used insulin or had a high weight gain during pregnancy were associated with severe or persistent neonatal hypoglycemia.
Gangrene of the newborn. A case report.; Gangrene of the newborn is an uncommon condition usually resulting from decreased perfusion of a part, usually an extremity. There are a variety of situations which can result in this condition. Knowledge of the exact sequence of events which lead to the insult and the conditions surrounding it is helpful in determining the etiology and as a consequence the treatment of the lesion. In the patient described, direct pressure from the maternal pelvis was probably the contributing factor which led to venous occlusion of the extremity. Arterial thrombosis, emboli, trauma, congenital heart disease, sepsis, dehydration, coagulopathies, and venipuncture are other possible causes which should be considered. The treatment is in general supportive, allowing the ischemic area to demarcate and slough. Range-of-motion exercises and splinting to avoid contracture are helpful in the rehabilitative phase.
Identifying risk effectors involved in neonatal hypoglycemia occurrence.; Hypoglycemia is a common metabolic condition in neonatal period, but severe and persistent hypoglycemia can cause neurological damage and brain injury. The aim of the present study was to analyze the risk factors of neonatal hypoglycemia in clinic. A total of 135 neonatal hypoglycemia infants and 135 healthy infants were included in the present study. The differences in birth weight between neonatal hypoglycemia group and healthy control group were analyzed via t test. The associations between neonatal blood sugar level and relevant characteristic factors were explored using χ2 test. Binary logistic regression analysis was used to analyze risk factors related to the incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia. The results showed that the average birth weight was matched in neonatal hypoglycemia group and healthy control group. Neonatal blood sugar level of the infants was significantly associated with born term, birth weight, feed, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypothermia (all P<0.05). Besides, logistic regression analysis showed that babies' born term (odds ratio (OR) = 2.715, 95% confidence interval (95% CI): 1.311-5.625), birth weight (OR = 1.910, 95% CI: 1.234-2.955), improper feeding (OR = 3.165, 95% CI: 1.295-7.736) and mother's GDM (OR = 2.184, 95% CI: 1.153-4.134) were high risk factors for neonatal hypoglycemia. The incidence of hypoglycemia in infants was significantly associated with various clinical factors. And monitoring these risk factors is one of important measures to reduce long-term neurological damage caused by neonatal hypoglycemia.
Association between periodontitis and gestational diabetes mellitus: a case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Some studies have reported an association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and periodontitis. The aim of the present study is to analyze this potential association and the influence of risk variables associated with GDM. METHODS: This case-control study includes 360 women, 90 with GDM and 270 controls. Participants received a full-mouth periodontal examination with a record of bleeding on probing (BOP), probing depth (PD), and clinical attachment level (CAL). Periodontitis is defined as the presence in ≥4 teeth of ≥1 sites with PD ≥4 mm and CAL ≥3 mm associated with BOP. The influence of risk variables in the occurrence of GDM is tested through univariate analysis and multivariate logistic and multinomial regression. Odds ratio (ORs) and respective confidence intervals (CIs) are calculated and reported. RESULTS: The prevalence of periodontitis was 40% in the case group (GDM) and 46.3% in the control group. There was a lack of association between periodontitis and GDM (OR = 0.74; 95% CI = 0.40 to 1.38). The multivariate final logistic regression model retained the following as significant variables associated with GDM: maternal age (OR = 2.65; 95% CI = 1.97 to 3.56), chronic hypertension (OR = 3.16; 95% CI = 1.35 to 7.42), and body mass index (OR = 1.99; 95% CI = 1.41 to 2.81). CONCLUSIONS: A high prevalence of periodontitis was found among cases and controls, with no association between periodontitis and GDM. The present study suggests the need for implementation of health policies directed to the periodontal care of pregnant women.
The impact of maternal obesity on gestational outcomes.; To investigate the effects of raised maternal BMI on pregnancy outcome in glucose tolerant women, using the IADPSG criteria. Prospective observational study of fetal and maternal outcome in a cohort of pregnant women recruited to a universal screening programme for gestational diabetes under the ATLANTIC-DIP partnership. Maternal outcomes included glucose, delivery mode, pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia (PET), antepartum hemorrhage (APH) and postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Fetal outcomes included birthweight, congenital malformation, fetal death, neonatal jaundice, hypoglycemia and respiratory distress. Increasing maternal BMI was associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes: higher cesarean section rates, pre-eclamptic toxemia, pregnancy induced hypertension, increased birth weight and congenital malformation. There was also an association between normal range glucose and emergency cesarean section, hypertension of pregnancy and birthweight. In spite of tightening criteria for hyperglycemia during pregnancy, raised BMI is associated with adverse pregnancy outcome.
Type 1 diabetes compromises plasma arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in newborn babies.; The activity of delta6- and delta5-desaturase, enzymes required for the synthesis of AA and DHA, are impaired in human and experimental diabetes. We have investigated whether neonates of type 1 diabetic women have compromised plasma AA and DHA at birth. Cord blood was obtained from healthy babies born to mothers with (n = 31) and without (n = 59) type 1 diabetes. FA composition of plasma choline phosphoglycerides (CPG), TG, and cholesterol esters (CE) was assayed. The neonates of the diabetics had lower levels of AA (20:4n-6, P< 0.0001), adrenic acid (22:4n-6, P < 0.01), sigman-6 metabolites (P < 0.0001), docosapentaenoic acid (22:5n-3, P < 0.0001), DHA (22:6n-3, P < 0.0001), sigman-3 (P < 0.0001), and sigman-3 metabolites (P< 0.0001) in CPG compared with the corresponding babies of the nondiabetic mothers. Similarly, they had lower levels of AA (P< 0.05), sigman-6 metabolites (P < 0.05), DHA (P< 0.0001), and sigman-3 metabolites (P< 0.01) in plasma CE. There was also a nonsignificant reduction of AA and DHA in TG in the babies of the diabetic group. The current investigation indicates that healthy neonates born to mothers with type 1 diabetes have highly compromised levels of AA and DHA. These nutrients are of critical importance for neurovisual and vascular system development. In poorly controlled maternal diabetes, it is conceivable that the relative "insufficiency" of AA and DHA may exacerbate speech and reading impairments, behavioral disorders, suboptimal performance on developmental tests, and lower IQ, which have been reported in some children born to mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Further studies are needed to understand the underlying mechanism for this biochemical abnormality and its implications for fetal and infant development.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk: Bridging epidemiological knowledge into personalized postpartum care and follow-up.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is globally the leading cause of death and disability. Sex-specific causes of female CVD are under-investigated. Pregnancy remains an underinvestigated sex-specific stress test for future CVD and a hitherto missed opportunity to initiate prevention of CVD at a young age. Population-based studies show a strong association between female CVD and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This association is also present after other pregnancy complications that are associated with placental dysfunction, including fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus. Few women are, however, offered systematic cardio-preventive follow-up after such pregnancy complications. These women typically seek help from the health system at first clinical symptom of CVD, which may be decades later. By this time, morbidity is established and years of preventive opportunities have been missed out. Early identification of modifiable risk factors starting postpartum followed by systematic preventive measures could improve maternal cardiovascular health trajectories, promoting healthier societies. In this non-systematic review we briefly summarize the epidemiological associations and pathophysiological hypotheses for the associations. We summarize current clinical follow-up strategies, including some proposed by international and national guidelines as well as user support groups. We address modifiable factors that may be underexploited in the postpartum period, including breastfeeding and blood pressure management. We suggest a way forward and discuss the remaining knowledge gaps and barriers for securing the best evidence-based follow-up, relative to available resources after a hypertensive pregnancy complication in order to prevent or delay onset of premature CVD.
Holoprosencephaly in infants of diabetic mothers.; We report seven infants of diabetic mothers, affected with holoprosencephaly malformation sequence. An additional 15 cases assembled from personal communications and the literature indicate that holoprosencephaly, like neural tube, cardiac, and caudal defects, is specifically increased in children of diabetic mothers. Incidence figures from newborn surveys demonstrate a risk for holoprosencephaly in infants of diabetic mothers comparable to the 1% risk for caudal regression malformation sequence. The embryologic timing of cranial, cardiac, and caudal defects emphasizes the need for pregnancy planning and diabetes control.
Torsion of the gravid uterus.; A case is reported of a 180 degrees levorotation of the gravid uterus with successful outcome for mother and child. Delivery was by cesarean section.Only 108 cases of rotation of the gravid uterus have been reported in the world's literature. A uterine tumour was associated in almost one third of cases. The condition usually presents as an acute abdomen. Complications include uterine rupture and pulmonary embolism. Treatment is by laparotomy and de-torsion, with cesarean section if at term or near term.
[Diagnostic and frequency of fetal heart disease by echocardiography in pregnancies with high-risk factors].; BACKGROUND: Fetal heart diseases are increasingly frequent. These are part of birth defects and, therefore, appear in early phases of the gestation. Diagnosis or early detection of functional and structural abnormalities of the heart allows to the obstetrician and the pediatric cardiologist to plan, in a timely manner, the treatment and prenatal and postnatal monitoring with the purpose of preventing complications. OBJECTIVE: To determine the types and frequencies of heart diseases in pregnancies with high-risk factors. PATIENTS AND METHOD: It was analized an observational, descriptive and retrospective series of cases. From January 2003 to June 2006, fetal echocardiograms were made in women with pregnancies longer than 15 weeks and with high-risk factors. At childbirth was made a cardiovascular evaluation. Analysis was carried out through descriptive statistics. RESULTS: maternal age average was of 27.3 +/- 6.8 years; gestational age was of 31 +/- 5 weeks. In total, there were carried out 275 fetal echocardiograms (FE) in 208 patients; in 56 of them, was made one fetal ecocardiogram, two in 37 and three in 15. Risk factors of reference to the specialized medical unit were: abnormalities detected through obstetrical ultrasound (35.1%), tachycardia-bradycardia-arrhythmia (29.8%), probable chromosomic anomalies (13.9%), oligohydramnios or polyhydramnios (4.8%), familiar antecedents of congenital heart diseases (3.8%), others (12.6%). Heart disease was diagnosed by fetal echocardiogram in 55 patient (26.4%): unique ventricle (n = 5), hypoplastic right ventricle (n = 3), hypoplastic left ventricle (n = 4), congenital complete heart block (n = 1), Ebstein and dysplasia of the mitral and tricuspid valves (n = 12), tumor (n = 5), ectopia cordis (n = 2), auriculoventricular channel (= 1), supraventricular tachycardia (n = 4), supraventricular extrasystole (n = 3) and other. Diagnosis was confirmed at childbirth in 99.5% of the cases. The treatment was initiated in uterus for arrhythmia and cardiac insufficiency in 19 patients. The patients with high-risk cardiopathy (at birth) were evaluated at beginning through specialized cardiological treatment and then they were transferred to the service of pediatric cardiology. CONCLUSIONS: Frequency of fetal heart diseases in patients with high-risk factors is of 25.4%. In these patients, the fetal echocardiogram (prenatal and postnatal) allows planning the optimal cardiological and obstetric treatment as well as to inform to the relatives.
Maternal risk factors and perinatal outcomes among pacific islander groups in Hawaii: a retrospective cohort study using statewide hospital data.; BACKGROUND: Studies suggest Pacific Islander women have disparate rates of preterm birth, primary cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight infants. However, data is limited. In order to improve the health of Pacific Islanders, it is essential to better understand differences in obstetric outcomes in this diverse population METHODS: This study compared perinatal outcomes between Pacific Islander (9,646) and White (n = 5,510) women who delivered a singleton liveborn in any Hawaii hospital from January 2010 to December 2011 using the Hawaii Health Information Corporation (HHIC) database. Pacific Islanders were disaggregated into the following groups: Native Hawaiian, Samoan, Micronesian, and Other Pacific Islanders. Perinatal outcomes (e.g. hypertensive diseases, birthweight, mode of delivery) were compared using multivariable logistic models controlling for relevant sociodemographic and health risk factors (e.g. age and payer type). RESULTS: Significant differences in perinatal outcomes between Pacific Islander and White women and newborns were noted. All Pacific Islander groups had an increased risk of hypertension. Outcome differences were also seen between Pacific Islanders groups. Native Hawaiians had the highest risk of low birthweight infants, Samoans had the highest risk of macrosomic infants and Micronesians had the highest risk of cesarean delivery. CONCLUSIONS: Important differences in perinatal outcomes among Pacific Islanders exist. It is important to examine Pacific Islander populations separately in future research, public health interventions, and policy.
Selecting antihypertensive therapy in the pregnant woman with diabetes mellitus.; The choice of an antihypertensive agent for the pregnant woman with diabetes involves many factors. We seek to avoid adverse fetal effects while optimizing maternal outcome, both short- and long-term. This article examines the existing literature to define therapeutic goals of antihypertensive therapy during pregnancy as compared to the therapeutic goals of antihypertensive therapy in the setting of diabetes mellitus and to integrate this information for the treatment of pregnant women in whom diabetes mellitus and hypertension coexist.
Fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by gestational impaired glucose tolerance.; OBJECTIVE: To determine fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by mild gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT). METHODS: Ultrasound examinations were performed in 37 pregnant women with mild GIGT (36 did not require insulin) and in 44 controls at 18-24, 26-30 and 34-37 weeks of gestation. The thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum were measured by M-mode echocardiography. Using conventional Doppler echocardiography, the mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) were determined. RESULTS: The fetuses of women with GIGT had a greater abdominal circumference (P = 0.02), a larger amniotic fluid index (P = 0.03), and a tendency to be heavier (P = 0.058) at the third scan. There were no significant differences in myocardial thickness, mitral and tricuspid E and A velocities, and E/A ratios between study and control groups. The left and right ventricular MPIs, while similar between the two groups in the first and second scans, had decreased significantly by late gestation in the GIGT fetuses (P for trend = 0.018 and 0.014, respectively) and were significantly lower than those of the control group (P = 0.002 and 0.0008, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of women with mild GIGT lack the ventricular hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction that is common in fetuses of diabetic mothers, and they have a decreased MPI late in gestation. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The impact of occupational shift work and working hours during pregnancy on health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUD: An increasing number of original studies suggest that exposure to shift work and long working hours during pregnancy could be associated with the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, but the results remain conflicting and inconclusive. OBJECTIVE: To examine the influences of shift work and longer working hours during pregnancy on maternal and fetal health outcomes. DATA SOURCES: Five electronic databases and 3 gray literature sources were searched up to March 15, 2019. METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION: Studies of all designs (except case studies and reviews) were included, which contained information on the relevant population (women who engaged in paid work during pregnancy); exposure (rotating shift work [shifts change according to a set schedule], fixed night shift [typical working period is between 11:00 pm and 11:00 am] or longer working hours [>40 hours per week]);comparator (fixed day shift [typical working period is between 8:00 am and 6:00 pm] or standard working hours [≤40 hours per week]); and outcomes (preterm delivery, low birthweight [birthweight <2500 g], small for gestational age, miscarriage, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, stillbirth, and gestational diabetes mellitus). TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS: From 3305 unique citations, 62 observational studies (196,989 women) were included. "Low" to "very low" certainty evidence from these studies revealed that working rotating shifts was associated with an increased odds of preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.28, I(2) = 31%), an infant small for gestational age (odds ratio, 1.18, 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.38, I(2) = 0%), preeclampsia (odds ratio, 1.75, 95% confidence interval, 1.01-3.01, I(2) = 75%), and gestational hypertension (odds ratio, 1.19, 95% confidence interval, 1.10-1.29, I(2) = 0%), compared to those who worked a fixed day shift. Working fixed night shifts was associated with an increased odds of preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.42; I(2) = 36%) and miscarriage (odds ratio, 1.23; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.47; I(2) = 37%). Compared with standard hours, working longer hours was associated with an increased odds of miscarriage (odds ratio, 1.38; 95% confidence interval, 1.08-1.77; I(2) = 73%), preterm delivery (odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.33; I(2) = 30%), an infant of low birthweight (odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.84; I(2) = 0%), or an infant small for gestational age (odds ratio, 1.16, 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.36, I(2) = 57%). Dose-response analysis showed that women working more than 55.5 hours (vs 40 hours) per week had a 10% increase in the odds of having a preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women who work rotating shifts, fixed night shifts, or longer hours have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Prenatal detection of fetal anomalies in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the clinical utility of a comprehensive program of prenatal diagnostic testing for congenital anomalies in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Data were retrospectively analyzed from 289 diabetic women and their newborns from August 1987 to July 1993. Our protocol included initial hemoglobin A1 and maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein determinations and comprehensive fetal ultrasonography inclusive of a standard four-chamber view of the heart and detailed multiimage fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: Anomalies were identified in 29 of 289 (10%) fetuses and neonates: 12 cardiac only, 14 noncardiac, and 3 combined. In 21 of the 29 (72%) neonates the anomalies were detected prenatally. Twelve of 15 (80%) cardiac and 10 of 17 (59%) noncardiac lesions were identified prenatally. Cardiac lesions, especially of the cardiac septum and great vessels, accounted for 50% of all fetal defects. Malformations of the neuroaxis, skeleton, and genitourinary system were also detected. There were six neonatal deaths and four therapeutic pregnancy terminations associated with congenital anomalies. Although the hemoglobin A1 level was statistically significantly increased in 22 mothers of anomalous fetuses (p = 0.017), the actual difference between affected and nonaffected pregnancies was not clinically meaningful and much overlap occurred. Although 96% of women with a normal hemoglobin A1 level were delivered of normal infants, only 14% of those with an elevated value had a malformed fetus. Similarly, although 89% of gravid women with a normal maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein level were delivered of nonaffected fetuses, only 7.3% of patients with an elevated value had a malformed fetus. For the detection of cardiac defects, the sensitivity of the four-chamber view compared with detailed multiimage fetal echocardiography was 33% and 92%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates the utility of a comprehensive program to detect fetal anomalies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus.
Cardiogenic shock in pregnancy.; Cardiac disease complicates 1%-4% of pregnancies globally, with a predominance in low and middle-income countries (LMICs). Increasing maternal age, rates of obesity, cardiovascular comorbidities, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes all contribute to acquired cardiovascular disease in pregnancy. Additionally, improved survival in congenital heart disease (CHD) has led to increasing numbers of women with CHD undergoing pregnancy. Implementation of individualised care plans formulated through pre-conception counselling and based on national and international guidance have contributed to improved clinical outcomes. However, there remains a significant proportion of women of reproductive age with no apparent comorbidities or risk factors that develop heart disease during pregnancy, with no indication for pre-conception counselling. The most extreme manifestation of cardiac disease is cardiogenic shock (CS), where the primary cardiac pathology results in inadequate cardiac output and hypoperfusion, and is associated with significant mortality and morbidity. Key to management is early recognition, intervention to treat any potentially reversible underlying pathology and supportive measures, up to and including mechanical circulatory support (MCS). In this narrative review we discuss recent developments in the classification of CS, and how these may be adapted to improve outcomes of pregnant women with, or at risk of developing, this potentially lethal condition.
Transcriptional profiling reveals altered biological characteristics of chorionic stem cells from women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy. The impact of pregnancy complications on placental function suggests that extraembryonic stem cells in the placenta may also be affected during pregnancy. Neonatal tissue-derived stem cells, with the advantages of their differentiation capacity and non-invasive isolation processes, have been proposed as a promising therapeutic avenue for GDM management through potential cell therapy approaches. However, the influence of GDM on autologous stem cells remains unclear. Thus, studies that provide comprehensive understanding of stem cells isolated from women with GDM are essential to guide future clinical applications. METHODS: Human chorionic membrane-derived stem cells (CMSCs) were isolated from placentas of healthy and GDM pregnancies. Transcriptional profiling was performed by DNA microarray, and differentially regulated genes between GDM- and Healthy-CMSCs were used to analyse molecular functions, differentiation, and pathway enrichment. Altered genes and biological functions were validated via real-time PCR and in vitro assays. RESULTS: GDM-CMSCs displayed, vs. Healthy-CMSCs, 162 upregulated genes associated with increased migration ability, epithelial development, and growth factor-associated signal transduction while the 269 downregulated genes were strongly linked to angiogenesis and cellular metabolic processes. Notably, significantly reduced expression of detoxification enzymes belonging to the aldehyde dehydrogenase gene families (ALDH1A1/1A2, ALDH2, ALDH3) accounted for downregulation across several metabolic pathways. ALDH activity and inhibitor assays indicated that reduced gene expression of ALDHs affected ALDH enzymatic functions and resulted in oxidative stress dysregulation in GDM-CMSCs. CONCLUSION: Our combined transcriptional analysis and in vitro functional characterisation have provided novel insights into fundamental biological differences in GDM- and Healthy-CMSCs. Enhanced mobility of GDM-CMSCs may promote MSC migration toward injured sites; however, impaired cellular metabolic activity may negatively affect any perceived benefit.
Consequences of Iodine Deficiency and Excess in Pregnancy and Neonatal Outcomes: A Prospective Cohort Study in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; Background: Insufficient or excessive iodine intake during gestation may compromise adaptive mechanisms in maternal thyroid function and lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes. In this context, we aimed to study the effects of maternal iodine status in the first and third trimesters of gestation on obstetric and neonatal outcomes in an iodine-sufficient population in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Methods: A total of 214 pregnant women in the first trimester of gestation were enrolled and prospectively followed until delivery between 2014 and 2017. All participants were ≥18 and ≤35 years, had a spontaneous single pregnancy, and had no history of thyroid or other chronic diseases, nor were they taking iodine-containing supplements at enrollment. In the first trimester, we obtained clinical information and determined thyroid function and the urinary iodine concentration (UIC) of the participants. Thyroid function and UIC were reassessed in the third trimester. Iodine status was determined by the median of UIC obtained from six urine spot samples by the inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry method. Pregnancy and neonatal outcomes and delivery information were obtained from medical records. Results: The median UIC in the whole population was 219.7 μg/L. The prevalence of UIC <150 μg/L was 17.2%, and 38.7% had UIC ≥250 μg/L. Gestational diabetes (GDM) was higher in the group with UIC 250-499 μg/L (n = 77) compared with the group with UIC 150-249 μg/L (n = 94) (20.3% vs. 9.7%, p < 0.05). Ultimately, UIC ≥250 μg/L was an independent risk factors for GDM (relative risk [RR] = 2.9 [confidence interval, CI = 1.1-7.46], p = 0.027) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (RR = 4.6 [CI = 1.1-18.0], p = 0.029). Among 196 live-born newborns, lower birth length was observed in infants whose mothers had UIC <150μg/L (n = 37) in the first trimester compared with those with UIC 150-249 μg/L (n = 86) (median interquartile range: 48.0 [2.2] vs. 49.0 [4.0] cm, p = 0.01). Maternal UIC <150 μg/L was negatively associated with birth length of newborns (Exp (B) = 0.33 [CI = 0.1-0.9], p = 0.03). Conclusions: In a population whose median iodine intake is sufficient, extensive individual variation occurs. Such abnormalities are associated with increased GDM and HDP when UIC is ≥250 μg/L, and lower infant birth length when UIC is <150 μg/L.
Glibenclamide and metfoRmin versus stAndard care in gEstational diabeteS (GRACES): a feasibility open label randomised trial.; BACKGROUND: Metformin is widely used to treat gestational diabetes (GDM), but many women remain hyperglycaemic and require additional therapy. We aimed to determine recruitment rate and participant throughput in a randomised trial of glibenclamide compared with standard therapy insulin (added to maximum tolerated metformin) for treatment of GDM. METHODS: We conducted an open label feasibility study in 5 UK antenatal clinics among pregnant women 16 to 36 weeks' gestation with metformin-treated GDM. Women failing to achieve adequate glycaemic control on metformin monotherapy were randomised to additional glibenclamide or insulin. The primary outcome was recruitment rate. We explored feasibility with uptake, retention, adherence, safety, glycaemic control, participant satisfaction and clinical outcomes. RESULTS: Records of 197 women were screened and 23 women randomised to metformin and glibenclamide (n = 13) or metformin and insulin (n = 10). Mean (SD) recruitment rate was 0.39 (0.62) women/centre/month. 9/13 (69.2%, 95%CI 38.6-90.9%) women adhered to glibenclamide and all provided outcome data (100% retention). There were no episodes of severe hypoglycaemia, but metformin and insulin gave superior glycaemic control to metformin and glibenclamide, with fewer blood glucose readings <3.5 mmol/l (median [IQR] difference/woman/week of treatment 0.58 [0.03-1.87]). CONCLUSIONS: A large randomised controlled trial comparing glibenclamide or insulin in combination with metformin for women with GDM would be feasible but is unlikely to be worthwhile, given the poorer glycaemic control with glibenclamide and metformin in this pilot study. The combination of metformin and glibenclamide should be reserved for women with GDM with true needle phobia or inability to use insulin therapy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: www.clinicaltrials.gov registration number:NCT02080377 February 11th 2014.
Health Care Consumption during Pregnancy in relation to Maternal Body Mass Index: A Swedish Population Based Observational Study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether antenatal health care consumption is associated with maternal body mass index (BMI). DESIGN: A register based observational study. METHODS: The Swedish Medical Birth Register, the Maternal Health Care Register, and the Inpatient Register were used to determine antenatal health care consumption according to BMI categories for primiparous women with singleton pregnancies, from 2006 to 2008, n = 71,638. Pairwise comparisons among BMI groups are obtained post hoc by Tukey HSD test. RESULT: Obese women were more often admitted for in-patient care (p < 0.001), had longer antenatal hospital stays (p < 0.001), and were more often sick-listed by an obstetrician (p < 0.001) during their pregnancy, compared to women with normal weight women. Preeclampsia was more than four times as common, hypertension five times as common, and gestational diabetes 11 times as common when comparing in-patient care, obese to normal weight women (p < 0.001 for all comparisons). Underweight mothers had longer stay in hospitals (p < 0.05) and hydronephrosis and hyperemesis gravidarum were more than twice as common (both p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Obese and underweight mothers consumed significantly more health care resources and obese women were significantly more often sick-listed during their pregnancy when compared to pregnant women of normal weight.
Maternal dysglycaemia, changes in the infant's epigenome modified with a diet and physical activity intervention in pregnancy: Secondary analysis of a randomised control trial.; BACKGROUND: Higher maternal plasma glucose (PG) concentrations, even below gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) thresholds, are associated with adverse offspring outcomes, with DNA methylation proposed as a mediating mechanism. Here, we examined the relationships between maternal dysglycaemia at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation and DNA methylation in neonates and whether a dietary and physical activity intervention in pregnant women with obesity modified the methylation signatures associated with maternal dysglycaemia. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We investigated 557 women, recruited between 2009 and 2014 from the UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT), a randomised controlled trial (RCT), of a lifestyle intervention (low glycaemic index (GI) diet plus physical activity) in pregnant women with obesity (294 contol, 263 intervention). Between 27 and 28 weeks of pregnancy, participants had an oral glucose (75 g) tolerance test (OGTT), and GDM diagnosis was based on diagnostic criteria recommended by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG), with 159 women having a diagnosis of GDM. Cord blood DNA samples from the infants were interrogated for genome-wide DNA methylation levels using the Infinium Human MethylationEPIC BeadChip array. Robust regression was carried out, adjusting for maternal age, smoking, parity, ethnicity, neonate sex, and predicted cell-type composition. Maternal GDM, fasting glucose, 1-h, and 2-h glucose concentrations following an OGTT were associated with 242, 1, 592, and 17 differentially methylated cytosine-phosphate-guanine (dmCpG) sites (false discovery rate (FDR) ≤ 0.05), respectively, in the infant's cord blood DNA. The most significantly GDM-associated CpG was cg03566881 located within the leucine-rich repeat-containing G-protein coupled receptor 6 (LGR6) (FDR = 0.0002). Moreover, we show that the GDM and 1-h glucose-associated methylation signatures in the cord blood of the infant appeared to be attenuated by the dietary and physical activity intervention during pregnancy; in the intervention arm, there were no GDM and two 1-h glucose-associated dmCpGs, whereas in the standard care arm, there were 41 GDM and 160 1-h glucose-associated dmCpGs. A total of 87% of the GDM and 77% of the 1-h glucose-associated dmCpGs had smaller effect sizes in the intervention compared to the standard care arm; the adjusted r2 for the association of LGR6 cg03566881 with GDM was 0.317 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.012, 0.022) in the standard care and 0.240 (95% CI 0.001, 0.015) in the intervention arm. Limitations included measurement of DNA methylation in cord blood, where the functional significance of such changes are unclear, and because of the strong collinearity between treatment modality and severity of hyperglycaemia, we cannot exclude that treatment-related differences are potential confounders. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal dysglycaemia was associated with significant changes in the epigenome of the infants. Moreover, we found that the epigenetic impact of a dysglycaemic prenatal maternal environment appeared to be modified by a lifestyle intervention in pregnancy. Further research will be needed to investigate possible medical implications of the findings. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN89971375.
A comparative analysis of ante- and postnatal clinical characteristics of extremely premature neonates suffering from refractory and non-refractory hypotension: Is early clinical differentiation possible?; BACKGROUND: About 25% of hypotensive ELBW infants are refractory to intravascular volume expansion and inotropic drugs (VI) and require hydrocortisone (HC). Such neonates suffer from complications of prolonged hypotension and extended therapy with VI. ELBW infants with refractory hypotension (RH) are clinically and biochemically indistinguishable from those who respond to VI. OBJECTIVE: Early identification and differentiation of ELBW infants susceptible to steroid dependent hypotension from those who respond to inotropic medications. METHODS: In a retrospective study the ante- and postnatal clinical characteristics of ELBW infants who received hydrocortisone (HC) for refractory hypotension (RH) were compared to those who responded to volume-inotropes (VI). RESULTS: Infants in HC group had lower birth weight (BW, 675±121g) and gestational age (GA, 25.1±1.3weeks) and higher mean airway pressure and oxygen requirements, all independent of antenatal steroid (ANS) exposure. The receipt of ANS (p 0.01) and occurrences of maternal diabetes mellitus (GDM, p 0.01) were lower in HC group. ANS (OR 0.5, 95% CI 0.2-0.9, p 0.01) and GDM (OR 0.3, 95% CI 0.09-0.9, p 0.04) reduced the risk for RH. HC group had higher risk for IVH (OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.02-4.2 p=0.04) which declined in the multivariate analysis. A trend towards lower risk of ventriculomegaly (VM) was noted in HC group (OR 0.3, 95% CI 0.1-1.1), which became significant after controlling for BW (OR 0.2 95% CI 0.07-0.9, p 0.04). Similar trend was noted for maternal hypertension. CONCLUSION: Hypotension in ELBW infants who are ≤25wks of GA and unexposed to ANS and GDM is refractory to VI therapy. Such neonates may benefit from an initial therapy with, or earlier institution of hydrocortisone. The trend towards a higher risk for VM with VI therapy needs validation in future studies.
Fibrinolytic response to venous occlusion and fibrin fragment D-dimer levels in normal and complicated pregnancy.; The fibrinolytic response to venous occlusion was assessed in 29 women with normal or complicated pregnancy, by measurements of total t-PA and free t-PA with specific ELISAs. The release of t-PA from the vessel wall was 11 +/- 9 ng/ml in non-pregnant women (mean +/- SD, n = 6) but was markedly reduced throughout pregnancy. Following venous occlusion, free t-PA increased by 12 +/- 11 ng/ml in non-pregnant women but remained below the detection limit of 2 ng/ml towards the end of pregnancy. A markedly reduced t-PA release with absence of free t-PA was also observed during late pregnancy in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, intra-uterine growth retardation and pre-eclampsia. Plasma levels of fragment D-dimer of cross-linked fibrin were measured with a specific ELISA in 79 pregnant women. D-dimer levels were 129 +/- 36 ng/ml (mean +/- SD, n = 8) in non-pregnant women and increased to 400 +/- 170 ng/ml (n = 25) and 440 +/- 220 ng/ml (n = 22) during the second and third trimester of pregnancy respectively. Significantly higher levels than observed in uncomplicated third trimester pregnancies were found in 3 out of 6 diabetic and in 2 out of 7 pre-eclamptic women. It is concluded that the t-PA release after venous occlusion is significantly reduced during pregnancy. In addition, released t-PA is rapidly inhibited. The levels of fragment D-dimer increase during pregnancy, suggesting that, notwithstanding the marked impairment of the fibrinolytic response to venous occlusion, the fibrinolytic system remains functionally active.
Is capillary ketone determination useful in clinical practice? In which circumstances?; A new method is now available to measure capillary levels of 3-hydroxybutyrate (3HB), one of the three ketone bodies. It is a quantitative and enzymatic test that uses the same equipment as for home capillary blood glucose determination but with specific strips. In comparison to urine ketone test, there is no false negative or false positive results, it is highly correlate to standard automate assays and patients find it more acceptable. Clinical implementations of this new test begin to be reported. Some studies showed an advantage of ketonemia versus ketonuria measurement to detect and to treat diabetic ketoacidosis in the emergency room. In diabetic patients treated with continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion, ketonemia seems to be more relevant to detect lack of insulin. In the current care of patient with type 1 diabetes and especially in children blood ketone test is more effective than urine ketone test to prevent hospitalisation during sick days. For other situations such as diabetic pregnancy or type 2 diabetes, more data are needed to determine if capillary measurement of 3HB is really useful. This new test is easier and less unpleasant than doing urinary test but it is still far more expensive. Further clinical studies are needed to define whether self 3HB monitoring should substitute urinary test in outpatient care.
Outcomes of pregnancies achieved by double gamete donation: A comparison with pregnancies obtained by oocyte donation alone.; OBJECTIVE: Women increasingly resort to oocyte donation to become pregnant. The high risk of preeclampsia found in oocyte donation pregnancies and the separate risk of preeclampsia associated with sperm donation may be cumulative in double donation pregnancies. We aimed to study the obstetrical and perinatal outcomes of pregnancies obtained by double donation (both oocyte and sperm) in comparison with those obtained by oocyte donation alone (oocyte donation and partner's sperm). STUDY DESIGN: This cohort study included all women aged 43 and older who became pregnant after oocyte donation and gave birth between 2010 and 2016 in a tertiary maternity center. Primary outcomes were preeclampsia and hypertensive gestational disorders. Secondary outcomes were gestational diabetes, placental abnormalities, postpartum hemorrhage, perinatal death, and preterm delivery. We used univariate and multivariate analysis to compare IVF with double donation and IVF with oocyte donation alone for obstetric and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: 247 women, 53 with double donations and 194 with oocyte donations alone, gave birth to 339 children. We observed no significant differences between groups for any obstetric or perinatal complications, except for the risk of gestational diabetes, which was more frequent in women with double donations compared with oocyte donation alone (26.4% vs. 12.9%, P = 0.02) and remained significant after adjustment (aOR = 2.80 95%CI[1.26-6.17]). Rates of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were high, but similar between groups (20.7% vs. 26.3%, P = 0.41, and 18.9% vs. 17.5%, P = 0.82). CONCLUSION: Women undergoing oocyte donation should be fully informed of its high rates of obstetric and perinatal risks. However, except for a higher observed risk of gestational diabetes, double donation does not appear to be associated with a higher risk of complications than oocyte donation alone.
Insulin in obstetrics: a main parameter in the management of pregnancy.; Insulin plays a central role in human pregnancy. Maternal insulin sensitivity decreases with advancing gestation in order to provide glucose and possibly other nutrients for feto-placental growth and energy needs. Moreover, alterations of insulin metabolism are clearly involved in the development of gestational diabetes. In recent years, hyperinsulinaemia has been also proposed as a possible pathogenic factor in the development of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia; furthermore it has also been postulated that there is an involvement of insulin sensitivity in fetal growth restriction. These intriguing data have stimulated our interest in summarizing the physiopathological mechanisms by which the pancreatic hormone could be involved in obstetrics.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Is Associated With Changes in the Concentration and Bioactivity of Placenta-Derived Exosomes in Maternal Circulation Across Gestation.; Although there is significant interest in elucidating the role of placenta-derived exosomes (PdEs) during pregnancy, the exosomal profile in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains to be established. The aim of this study was to compare the gestational-age profile of PdEs in maternal plasma of GDM with normal pregnancies and to determine the effect of exosomes on cytokine release from human umbilical vein endothelial cells. A prospective cohort of patients was sampled at three time points during pregnancy for each patient (i.e., 11-14, 22-24, and 32-36 weeks' gestation). A retrospective stratified study design was used to quantify exosomes present in maternal plasma of normal (n = 13) and GDM (n = 7) pregnancies. Gestational age and pregnancy status were identified as significant factors contributing to variation in plasma exosome concentration (ANOVA, P < 0.05). Post hoc analyses established that PdE concentration increased during gestation in both normal and GDM pregnancies; however, the increase was significantly greater in GDM (∼2.2-fold, ∼1.5-fold, and ∼1.8-fold greater at each gestational age compared with normal pregnancies). Exosomes isolated from GDM pregnancies significantly increased the release of proinflammatory cytokines from endothelial cells. Although the role of exosomes during GDM remains to be fully elucidated, exosome profiles may be of diagnostic utility for screening asymptomatic populations.
Etiology and perinatal outcome of polyhydramnios.; PURPOSE: To determine causes of polyhydramnios and the respective perinatal outcome. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively analyzed cases with polyhydramnios at the Medical University Graz, Austria from 2003 - 2011. Inclusion criteria were single deepest pocket ≥ 8  cm, amniotic fluid index ≥ 25 cm, each of the latter parameters > 95th percentile or subjective impression. Etiologies, including TORCH infection, diabetes and congenital malformations, as well as perinatal outcome were evaluated. RESULTS: Out of 860 singleton pregnancies with polyhydramnios, 2.9 % had positive TORCH serology, 8.5 % had congenital anomalies, 19.8 % had maternal diabetes, and 68.8 % were idiopathic. The most common fetal anomalies were cardiac defects (32.9 %). Elective caesarean sections were more common in the groups with malformations and maternal diabetes. Low birth weight combined with severe polyhydramnios or maternal diabetes was associated with malformations. CONCLUSION: Diagnosis of polyhydramnios should prompt glucose-tolerance testing, detailed sonography including fetal echocardiography, and TORCH serology. Especially pregnancies with polyhydramnios and small fetuses as well as those with maternal diabetes should be carefully evaluated for malformations.
Functional and structural vascular biomarkers in women 1 year after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Women with a previous hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP: gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) have increased long-term cardiovascular disease risk. Recent meta-analyses show adverse levels of non-invasive functional and structural cardiovascular risk markers such as pulse wave velocity (PWV), heart-rate adjusted augmentation index (AIx75), carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), and reactive hyperemia index (RHI) after HDPs, and suggest using these for cardiovascular risk stratification. However, it is not known if a previous HDP predict levels of these markers beyond classical cardiovascular risk factors. Study design and main outcome measures. We assessed PWV, AIx75, CIMT, RHI, classical cardiovascular risk factors, and pregnancy characteristics in 221 women 1 year postpartum (controls: 95, previous HDP: 126). Uni- and multi- variate regression analysis were conducted to assess associations between previous HDP and PWV, AIx75, CIMT or RHI. We adjusted for classical cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy characteristics. A p-level < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: PWV was associated with previous HDP on univariate analysis. This effect was confounded by blood pressure and not significant after adjustment. We found no significant associations between AIx75, RHI, CIMT, and a previous HDP, neither before nor after adjustments. CONCLUSIONS: Associations between a previous HDP and PWV, AIx75, CIMT, or RHI 1 year postpartum can largely be explained by adverse levels of classical cardiovascular risk markers in women with a previous HDP. Women with previous HDP should receive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, but PWV, AIx75, CIMT or RHI are unlikely to aid in cardiovascular risk stratification 1 year postpartum.
Maternal modifiable factors and risk of congenital heart defects: systematic review and causality assessment.; OBJECTIVE: Primary prevention strategies are critical to reduce the global burden of congenital heart defects (CHDs); this requires robust knowledge of causal agents. We aimed to review associations between CHDs and maternal advanced age, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption and assess the causal nature of the associations. DESIGN: Systematic review of reviews with application of a Bradford Hill criteria score-based causal assessment system. DATA SOURCES: We searched PubMed, Embase and Episteminokos (January 1990-April 2023). ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Systematic reviews of original epidemiological studies reporting association (relative risk) between one or more of the above maternal factors and CHDs overall (any type) in subsequent offspring. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Two independent reviewers selected eligible reviews, assessed the risk of bias and assigned the strength of evidence for causality. RESULTS: There was strong evidence of a causal relationship between CHDs and maternal obesity (prepregnancy and early pregnancy) and pre-existing diabetes (six of seven Bradford Hill criteria met). For pre-existing hypertension (strength and biological gradient not met), and advanced age (strength, consistency and biological gradient not met), causal evidence was moderate. Evidence for the causal contribution of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption was weak (strength, consistency, temporality and biological gradient not met). CONCLUSIONS: CHDs can be reduced with stronger action to reduce maternal obesity and pre-existing diabetes prevalence. Investigating environmental exposures that have received limited attention, such as air pollutants and chemical exposures, is important to further inform prevention.
Pulmonary vein pulsatility in fetuses of diabetic mothers: prenatal Doppler echocardiographic study.; OBJECTIVE: To verify the hypothesis that the pulmonary vein pulsatility index is higher in fetuses of diabetic mothers than it is in normal fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. METHODS: Twenty-four fetuses of mothers with either gestational or previous diabetes (cases), and 25 normal fetuses of mothers without systemic disease (control) were examined. Fetuses were examined through prenatal Doppler and color flow mapping. The pulmonary vein pulsatility index was obtained by placing the pulsed Doppler sample volume over the right superior pulmonary vein and applying the formula (systolic velocity - presystolic velocity)/mean velocity. RESULTS: The mean gestational age of the study fetuses was 30.3 2.7 weeks, and gestational age of the controls was 29 3.3 weeks, with no significant difference in gestational age between groups (p=0.14). Fetuses of diabetic mothers had a mean pulmonary vein pulsatility index of 1.6 1, and those of the control group had an index of 0.86 0.27. CONCLUSION: Fetuses of diabetic mothers had pulmonary vein pulsatility indexes (parameter easily obtained through Doppler echocardiography that may be related to fetal diastolic function) higher than those in fetuses of mothers with normal glycemia.
Term stillbirth: causes and potential for prevention in Virginia.; Term fetal deaths occurring in Virginia in 1983 were reviewed to determine potential preventability. During this period, 52 (48%) of 108 such deaths were judged preventable. The leading cause of preventable antepartum death was maternal hypertension, followed by diabetes, inadequate fetal surveillance, and postterm pregnancy. The major cause of intrapartum fetal death was long delay between the onset of obvious fetal compromise and delivery. The incidence of preventable term stillbirth seemed inversely proportional to hospital size.
Atypical fetal response to the mother's voice in diabetic compared with overweight pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize fetal spontaneous heart rate changes and movements and auditory-elicited heart rate changes in fetuses in diabetic pregnancies compared with those in uneventful, overweight pregnancies. METHODS: Spontaneous heart rate and movements and maternal voice-elicited heart rate changes were observed in 46 mother-fetal pairs (n = 14 gestational diabetic and n = 32 overweight prepregnancy) at 36 (±1) weeks gestational age. Fetal heart rate changes, body movements, and breathing movements were observed for 20 minutes while the mother was at rest. Subsequently, each fetus was presented with a 2-minute audio recording of the mother's voice using the following 6-minute procedure: 2 minutes no-voice baseline, 2 minutes voice presentation, and 2 minutes no-voice postvoice period; heart rate was recorded continuously. RESULTS: There were no differences in spontaneous heart rate changes, body movements, or breathing movements between the 2 groups. Fetuses in the overweight group showed an increase in the heart rate during the playing of their mother's voice, whereas fetuses in the diabetic group showed no response. CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses in overweight pregnancies responded to the mother's voice with an increase in the heart rate as has been reported previously in uneventful pregnancies. The lack of response to the mother's voice in fetuses in diabetic pregnancies may represent immature neural or auditory system development, an increased sensorineural threshold, and thyroid or iron deficiency.
Pathophysiology, diagnosis, and management of glucose homeostasis in the neonate.; The neonate appears to be in a transitional stage of glucose homeostasis. Maturation of neonatal glucose homeostasis requires coordination of opposing hormonal, neural, and enzymatic controls. The vulnerability of the neonate to carbohydrate disequilibrium has been described by tracing the maturation of carbohydrate homeostasis physiologically. The many examples of neonatal hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia have been enumerated. Much information in recent years has increased our understanding of the mechanism of these conditions in the newborn. Continued research of the biochemical and physiologic bases for alterations of carbohydrate metabolism should further enhance our ability to diagnose and treat the neonate effectively.
Early-life predictors of higher body mass index in healthy children.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Childhood obesity tracks into adulthood, and may increase diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk in adulthood. Prospective analyses may better define the pathways between early life factors and greater childhood body mass index (BMI), a measure of obesity. METHODS: The Diabetes Autoimmunity Study in the Young (DAISY) prospectively follows children from birth that are at increased genetic risk for type 1 diabetes. We examined longitudinal data for 1,178 DAISY subjects (mean age at last follow-up: 6.59 years (range: 2.0-11.5 years). Birth size and diabetes exposure in utero were collected in the enrollment interview. Infant diet information was collected via interviews throughout infancy. Infant weight gain and childhood BMI were measured at clinic visits. RESULTS: Male [corrected] gender, diabetes exposure in utero, larger size for gestational age, shorter breastfeeding duration, and more rapid infant weight gain predicted higher childhood BMI. Formal mediation analysis suggests the effect of shorter breastfeeding duration on childhood BMI may be mediated by more rapid infant weight gain. Also, the effect of diabetes exposure in utero on childhood BMI may be mediated by larger size for gestational age. CONCLUSION: We identified strong interrelationships between early life factors and childhood BMI. Understanding these pathways may aid childhood obesity prevention efforts.
Lifestyle interventions for the treatment of women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is glucose intolerance, first recognised in pregnancy and usually resolving after birth. GDM is associated with both short- and long-term adverse effects for the mother and her infant. Lifestyle interventions are the primary therapeutic strategy for many women with GDM. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effects of combined lifestyle interventions with or without pharmacotherapy in treating women with gestational diabetes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 May 2016), ClinicalTrials.gov, WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (14th May 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included only randomised controlled trials comparing a lifestyle intervention with usual care or another intervention for the treatment of pregnant women with GDM. Quasi-randomised trials were excluded. Cross-over trials were not eligible for inclusion. Women with pre-existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes were excluded. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: We used standard methodological procedures expected by the Cochrane Collaboration. All selection of studies, data extraction was conducted independently by two review authors. MAIN RESULTS: Fifteen trials (in 45 reports) are included in this review (4501 women, 3768 infants). None of the trials were funded by a conditional grant from a pharmaceutical company. The lifestyle interventions included a wide variety of components such as education, diet, exercise and self-monitoring of blood glucose. The control group included usual antenatal care or diet alone. Using GRADE methodology, the quality of the evidence ranged from high to very low quality. The main reasons for downgrading evidence were inconsistency and risk of bias. We summarised the following data from the important outcomes of this review. Lifestyle intervention versus control groupFor the mother:There was no clear evidence of a difference between lifestyle intervention and control groups for the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia) (average risk ratio (RR) 0.70; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.40 to 1.22; four trials, 2796 women; I(2) = 79%, Tau(2) = 0.23; low-quality evidence); caesarean section (average RR 0.90; 95% CI 0.78 to 1.05; 10 trials, 3545 women; I(2) = 48%, Tau(2) = 0.02; low-quality evidence); development of type 2 diabetes (up to a maximum of 10 years follow-up) (RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.76; two trials, 486 women; I(2) = 16%; low-quality evidence); perineal trauma/tearing (RR 1.04, 95% CI 0.93 to 1.18; one trial, n = 1000 women; moderate-quality evidence) or induction of labour (average RR 1.20, 95% CI 0.99 to 1.46; four trials, n = 2699 women; I(2) = 37%; high-quality evidence).More women in the lifestyle intervention group had met postpartum weight goals one year after birth than in the control group (RR 1.75, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.90; 156 women; one trial, low-quality evidence). Lifestyle interventions were associated with a decrease in the risk of postnatal depression compared with the control group (RR 0.49, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.78; one trial, n = 573 women; low-quality evidence).For the infant/child/adult:Lifestyle interventions were associated with a reduction in the risk of being born large-for-gestational age (LGA) (RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.50 to 0.71; six trials, 2994 infants; I(2) = 4%; moderate-quality evidence). Birthweight and the incidence of macrosomia were lower in the lifestyle intervention group.Exposure to the lifestyle intervention was associated with decreased neonatal fat mass compared with the control group (mean difference (MD) -37.30 g, 95% CI -63.97 to -10.63; one trial, 958 infants; low-quality evidence). In childhood, there was no clear evidence of a difference between groups for body mass index (BMI) ≥ 85th percentile (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.11; three trials, 767 children; I(2) = 4%; moderate-quality evidence).There was no clear evidence of a difference between lifestyle intervention and control groups for the risk of perinatal death (RR 0.09, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.70; two trials, 1988 infants; low-quality evidence). Of 1988 infants, only five events were reported in total in the control group and there were no events in the lifestyle group. There was no clear evidence of a difference between lifestyle intervention and control groups for a composite of serious infant outcome/s (average RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.21 to 1.55; two trials, 1930 infants; I(2) = 82%, Tau(2) = 0.44; very low-quality evidence) or neonatal hypoglycaemia (average RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.65 to 1.52; six trials, 3000 infants; I(2) = 48%, Tau(2) = 0.12; moderate-quality evidence). Diabetes and adiposity in adulthood and neurosensory disability in later childhoodwere not prespecified or reported as outcomes for any of the trials included in this review. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Lifestyle interventions are the primary therapeutic strategy for women with GDM. Women receiving lifestyle interventions were less likely to have postnatal depression and were more likely to achieve postpartum weight goals. Exposure to lifestyle interventions was associated with a decreased risk of the baby being born LGA and decreased neonatal adiposity. Long-term maternal and childhood/adulthood outcomes were poorly reported.The value of lifestyle interventions in low-and middle-income countries or for different ethnicities remains unclear. The longer-term benefits or harms of lifestyle interventions remains unclear due to limited reporting.The contribution of individual components of lifestyle interventions could not be assessed. Ten per cent of participants also received some form of pharmacological therapy. Lifestyle interventions are useful as the primary therapeutic strategy and most commonly include healthy eating, physical activity and self-monitoring of blood glucose concentrations.Future research could focus on which specific interventions are most useful (as the sole intervention without pharmacological treatment), which health professionals should give them and the optimal format for providing the information. Evaluation of long-term outcomes for the mother and her child should be a priority when planning future trials. There has been no in-depth exploration of the costs 'saved' from reduction in risk of LGA/macrosomia and potential longer-term risks for the infants.
Ultrastructural changes in the syncytiotrophoblast in some types of pathological pregnancy.; The studies were performed on 12 placentas from pathological pregnancies (gestosis, cholestasis, type A diabetes pregnancies, premature outflow of amniotic fluids) and 3 placentas from normal pregnancies. Ultrathin sections were stained by the Reynold's method and evaluated under the electron microscope BS-500 (Tesla). The changes found in syncytiotrophoblast were the following: the increase or the decrease in its thickness, increase in basal membrane thickness, decrease in the number or lack of pinocytic vesicles and superficial microvilli, damage of mitochondria.
Peripartum myocardial infarction associated with coronary spasm and acquired protein S deficiency: A case report.; RATIONALE: Coronary angiography (CAG) findings of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in pregnant women are characterized by a high incidence of normal coronary arteries. This is the first report of AMI with normal coronary arteries during pregnancy, showing coronary spasm and pregnancy-related acquired protein S (PS) deficiency. PATIENT CONCERNS: A 30-year-old Japanese woman was admitted to an emergency department. One hour before admission, she developed sudden onset of precordial discomfort, back pain, and dyspnea. She was a primigravida at 39 weeks' gestation and had no abnormality in the pregnancy thus far. She had no history of heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, deep vein thrombosis (DVT), smoking, or oral contraceptive use and no family history of ischemic heart disease, hemostasis disorder, or DVT. She did not take any medication. DIAGNOSIS: Electrocardiography showed ST-segment elevations in leads II, III, aVF, and V2-V6. Heart-type fatty acid-binding protein was positive. Echocardiography showed hypokinesis of the anterior interventricular septum and inferior wall. Continuous intravenous infusion of isosorbide dinitrate was initiated. Coronary computed tomography angiography revealed diffuse narrowing of the apical segment of the left anterior descending coronary artery. Three hours after admission, troponin T became positive, and the following enzymes reached their peak levels: creatine kinase (CK), 1,886 U/L; CK-muscle/brain, 130 U/L. She was diagnosed with transmural AMI due to severe coronary spasm and administered benidipine hydrochloride. Five hours after admission, premature membrane rupture occurred. INTERVENTIONS: Emergency cesarean section was performed. There were no anesthetic or obstetrical complications during the operation. On postpartum day 1, the free PS antigen level was low (29%). On postpartum day 18, she was discharged with no reduction in physical performance. OUTCOMES: Four months after the infarction, CAG showed normal coronary arteries. Acetylcholine provocation test showed diffuse vasospasm in the coronary artery. She was advised that her next pregnancy should be carefully planned. Two years after delivery, free PS antigen level was within normal range, at 86%. She had not experienced recurrence of angina during the 2-year period. Her child was also developing normally. LESSONS: In addition to coronary spasm, pregnancy-related acquired PS deficiency may be involved in AMI etiology.
Fetal heart rate acceleration: fetal movement ratio in the management of high-risk pregnancy.; The nonstress test (NST) was used as the primary tool in the management of 318 high-risk pregnancies. A simple and reliable method for interpreting the NST is obtained by dividing the total number of fetal heart rate accelerations associated with fetal movements by the total number of fetal movements. This is expressed as a percentage called the acceleration:fetal movement ratio. Fetuses at risk who were delivered within 7 days of the last NST from the basis of this report. The incidence of fetal distress and small-for-gestational-age infants was significantly higher (P less than .05) in 47 fetuses with an acceleration:fetal movement ratio below 10% than in the group with a ratio over 10%. Also, perinatal mortality was more common in this group. The advantages and limitations of applying this quantitative method of interpreting the NST to the management of high-risk pregnancies are discussed.
Optimising Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy: A Review of Risk Prediction Models Targeting Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders.; Cardiovascular disease, especially coronary heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, is a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women globally. The development of cardiometabolic conditions in pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, portend an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease in women. Pregnancy therefore represents a unique opportunity to detect and manage risk factors, prior to the development of cardiovascular sequelae. Risk prediction models for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy can help identify at-risk women in early pregnancy, allowing timely intervention to mitigate both short- and long-term adverse outcomes. In this narrative review, we outline the shared pathophysiological pathways for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, summarise contemporary risk prediction models and candidate predictors for these conditions, and discuss the utility of these models in clinical application.
Amino acids in the amniotic fluid of diabetic mothers.; Subsequent to the spontaneous rupture of membranes in the 40th week of pregnancy, and in the course of labour inductions in cases of prolonged pregnancy (42nd week) and of diabetic mothers in the 40th week of pregnancy, the concentration of amino acids in the amniotic fluid was studied. In the group of diabetic mothers the concentrations of lysine, histidine, cysteic acid, taurine, serine, glutamic acid, glycine, alanine and phenylalanine are significantly higher. The arteriovenous difference found for some amino acids in the umbilical blood of physiological fetuses is absent in the fetuses of diabetic mothers.
Effect of maternal diabetes on longevity in offspring of spontaneously hypertensive rats.; We studied the effect of maternal diabetes induced by neonatal streptozotocin treatment on the longevity of the male offspring in spontaneously hypertensive rats (SHR). Maternal diabetes significantly decreased the survival in the offspring as compared with the control (p < 0.01). Mean age at death was 14.9 +/- 0.6 months in the offspring from the diabetic dams and 17.9 +/- 1.1 months in that from the control. The life span was significantly correlated with the birth weight (rs = 0.55, p = 0.009). These findings suggest that a diabetic pregnancy may accelerate an age-related degenerative process of the offspring in SHR.
Effects of body mass index and body fat percentage on gestational complications and outcomes.; AIM: The aim of this study was to investigate the correlation between body mass index (BMI), body fat percentage (BFP) and gestational outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Maternal- and infant-related data of gestation and gestational outcomes of 411 pregnant women were retrospectively analyzed. BMI was used to classify the women as obese, overweight, or normal. BFP was measured by the segmental multi-frequency bioelectrical impedance method. The mothers' blood lipid profiles were assessed by automated chemical analysis. Logistic regression analysis was performed to determine the correlation of BMI and BFP with gestational complications. RESULTS: The rates of gestational diabetes and hypertension were significantly different between mothers who were obese (33.3%, 52.6%), overweight (10.3%, 32.2%) and normal (8.7%, 14.9%) (P < 0.001). The Apgar score at 1 min and intensive care unit admissions rate at birth were significantly different between infants born to obese (6.14 ± 0.80, 14.0%), overweight (6.64 ± 1.10, 8.9%) and normal (7.20 ± 0.78, 1.9%) mothers (P < 0.01). The Apgar score at 5 min and the birthweights were not significantly different between these three groups (P > 0.05). Additionally, the levels of serum total cholesterol (mmol/L), total triglycerides (mmol/L), and leptin (ng/mL) were significantly higher in obese (5.87 ± 2.26, 2.04 ± 1.65, 24.79 ± 18.38) and overweight (5.29 ± 1.85, 1.74 ± 1.05, 20.79 ± 15.19) women, compared to normal women (4.89 ± 1.05, 1.45 ± 0.77, 13.35 ± 6.51) (P < 0.05). Furthermore, BFP was more strongly correlated to gestational diabetes (rs = 0.57 vs 0.68) and hypertension (rs = 0.31 vs 0.43) than BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity and overweight are associated with increased adverse maternal and neonatal complications. BFP is a more accurate predictor of gestational outcomes than BMI.
An early, customized low-glycemic-index diet prevents adverse pregnancy outcomes in overweight/obese women.; BACKGROUND: To determine whether the prescription and follow-up of a behavioral program (customized nutritional advices and a constant physical activity) influences the occurrence of unfavorable maternal/neonatal outcomes among overweight/obese women. METHODS: A case-control study (1:3) included single pregnant women with Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥25 kg/m2, enrolled at 1st trimester. Cases (N.=95) were prescribed (by both the dietitian and gynecologist) a low-glycemic-index diet with an average intake of 1700/1800 kcal/day plus 30 minutes of walking at least 3 times/week (with four follow-up visits until delivery). Controls (N.=275) received a nutritional booklet about a healthy lifestyle, then attended their scheduled visits until delivery by the obstetricians in charge. RESULTS: Gestational weight gain was similar between groups, despite obese women were higher in cases (67.4%) than in controls (54.5%, P=0.029). The occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was lower in cases (21.5%) than in controls (32.7%; P=0.041). Such reduction remained related with the group of intervention (P=0.004) after correcting for confounders (BMI≥30 kg/m2, a family history of diabetes, age ≥35 and ethnicity). A higher number of controls developed pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) (11.6% vs. 1.1% in cases, P<0.001). Preterm birth (PTB) occurred in one case and in 28 controls (10.2%; P=0.004). In half of them, PTB was spontaneous while medically indicated for intrauterine growth restriction, hemorrhage, PIH, GDM/macrosomia, Rh isoimmunization in the remnant. CONCLUSIONS: An early behavioral intervention among overweight/obese pregnant women reduces unfavorable pregnancy outcomes.
Sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy: the maternal and fetal implications.; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) which includes obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) and upper airway resistance syndrome (UARS), has emerged as a risk factor for adverse maternal-foetal outcomes in pregnancy. Physiological changes of pregnancy predispose a woman 'at risk' towards developing SDB. The increasing incidence of OSA in pregnancy closely correlates with the population trends of obesity. Common screening tools validated in non-pregnant subjects including Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) and Berlin Questionnaire (BQ) are poor predictors of SDB in pregnancy. Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are linked with SDB. Preeclampsia and OSA share common pathological associations. It is unclear if one predisposes the other. Foetal morbidity includes intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preterm delivery, low birth weight, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission and Apgar score of less than seven at one minute. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is a well-documented treatment of SDB in pregnancy and has been shown to reverse some of the adverse events. It becomes imperative to diagnose and manage this condition as OSA causes substantial morbidity in the untreated pregnant patient and foetus. Three short clinical cases and a literature review on SDB on pregnancy are presented.
Maternal and perinatal risks for women over 44--a review.; It has been widely documented that advanced maternal age constitutes a risk to both mother and child. The purpose of this review is to examine the risks posed to the pregnant mother over the age of 44 and determine if they are experienced in greater frequency than in their younger cohorts. A review of the recent literature demonstrates a significant increased incidence of cesarean section, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, and perinatal mortality. There also appears to be different rates of maternal complications depending on mode of conception with assisted reproductive technology conferring a higher risk in this population. Further study is recommended in mode of conception and parity to examine the effects on maternal and fetal risks.
Plasma endothelin in normal and diabetic pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To examine endothelin-1 (ET-1) concentrations longitudinally throughout pregnancy in healthy and insulin-dependent diabetic women and to evaluate the relationship between ET-1 and big ET-1 in normal pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Venous blood samples were obtained consecutively in gestational weeks 18, 28, and 38 from 40 healthy women with uneventful pregnancies and 24 pregnant women with IDDM. By radioimmunoassay, plasma ET-1 and big ET-1 were analyzed in the healthy women and plasma ET-1 in the diabetic women. RESULTS: In the diabetic pregnant women, plasma ET-1 levels were significantly higher than in healthy pregnant women during the entire observation period (P < 0.001), but did not change with advancing gestational age. Five of the diabetic, but none of the healthy pregnant women, developed preeclampsia. ET-1 levels did not differ between the diabetic women who developed preeclampsia and those who did not. Plasma ET-1 levels in healthy pregnant women were within the range of those in healthy nonpregnant women and did not change during pregnancy. The big ET-1 levels increased and the ET-1/big ET-1 ratio decreased significantly during the observation period. CONCLUSIONS: Plasma ET-1 levels do not change with advancing gestational length. During normal pregnancy, the ET-1/big ET-1 ratio decrease, indicating a suppressed converting enzyme activity or altered clearance of ET-1. Pregnant women with IDDM have markedly elevated ET-1 levels. Although diabetic women with and without preeclampsia did not differ with respect to endothelial dysfunction, as reflected by elevated ET-1 concentration, we cannot exclude that altered endothelial function may be of importance for the increased frequency of preeclampsia in pregnant IDDM patients.
Evaluating maternal hyperglycemic exposure and fetal placental arterial dysfunction in a dual cotyledon, dual perfusion model.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes affects almost 1 in 10 pregnancies and is associated with adverse outcomes including fetal demise. Pregnancy complications related to diabetes are attributed to placental vascular dysfunction. With diabetes, maternal hyperglycemia is thought to promote placental vasoconstriction. However, it remains poorly understood if and how hyperglycemia leads to placental vascular dysfunction or if humoral factors related to maternal diabetes are responsible. METHODS AND RESULTS: Utilizing a human placenta dual cotyledon, dual perfusion assay we examined the arterial pressure response to the thromboxane mimetic U44619, in cotyledons exposed to normal vs. a hyperglycemic infusion into the intervillous space. Tissues were then analyzed for the activity of key signaling molecules related to vascular tone; eNOS, Akt, PKA and VEGFR2. Results indicate a significant increase in fetal vascular resistance with maternal exposure to hyperglycemia. This response corresponded with a reduction in the phosphorylation of eNOS at Ser1177 and Akt at Thr308. In contrast, VEGFR2 at Tyr1175 and PKA at Thr197 were not different with hyperglycemia. CONCLUSION: Reductions of eNOS and Akt phosphorylation at key residues implicated in nitric oxide production suggest that hyperglycemia alters the vasodilatory signaling of placental vessels. In contrast, acute hyperglycemic exposure may not alter vasoconstriction via VEGF and PKA signaling. Altogether our results link hyperglycemic exposure in human placentas to nitric oxide signaling; a mechanisms that may account for the elevations in vascular resistance commonly observed in diabetic pregnancies.
In utero exposure to maternal diabetes or hypertension and childhood hypothalamic gliosis.; Exposure to maternal diabetes (DM) or hypertension (HTN) during pregnancy impacts offspring metabolic health in childhood and beyond. Animal models suggest that induction of hypothalamic inflammation and gliosis in the offspring's hypothalamus is a possible mechanism mediating this effect. We tested, in children, whether in utero exposures to maternal DM or HTN were associated with mediobasal hypothalamic (MBH) gliosis as assessed by brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The study included a subsample of 306 children aged 9-11 years enrolled in the ABCD Study®; 49 were DM-exposed, 53 were HTN-exposed, and 204 (2:1 ratio) were age- and sex-matched children unexposed to DM and/or HTN in utero. We found a significant overall effect of group for the primary outcome of MBH/amygdala (AMY) T2 signal ratio (F(2,300):3.51, p = 0.03). Compared to unexposed children, MBH/AMY T2 signal ratios were significantly higher in the DM-exposed (β:0.05, p = 0.02), but not the HTN-exposed children (β:0.03, p = 0.13), findings that were limited to the MBH and independent of adiposity. We concluded that children exposed to maternal DM in utero display evidence of hypothalamic gliosis, suggesting that gestational DM may have a distinct influence on offspring's brain development and, by extension, children's long-term metabolic health.
[Changes in hemostasis and fibrinolysis in gestational diabetes].; BACKGROUND: The most serious complication of diabetes is the progressive development of vascular changes in which impaired hemocoagulation and fibrinolysis participate. The latter were investigated in diabetes type 1 and 2, but les is known about them in gestational diabetes (GDM). The objective of the submitted work was to assess wither these disorders occur also during GDM and to compare the assessed changes of haemostasis and fibrinolysis with findings in a) non-pregnant healthy controls (n = 58), b) healthy pregnant women (n = 41) and c) groups of pregnant women with impaired haemostasis during gestation/gestational hemorrhage (n = 15), preeclampsia (n = 22), varicosities (n = 15) and dead foetus syndrome (n = 16), but normal carbohydrate metabolism. The changes in GDM were moreover compared with changes found in diabetes type 1 and 2. METHODS AND RESULTS: In pregnant women with GDM (n = 29) which was diagnosed according to WHO criteria the following parameters were examined: number of thrombocytes, APTT, fibrinogen-Fbg (according to Clauss), euglobulin fibrinolysis-ECLT, t-PA concentration, PAI-I (Coaliza, Kabi) and by microturbidimetry the concentration of plasma proteins/orosomucoid (ORM), alpha-1-antitrypsin (A1AT), prealbumin (PREA), transferrin (TRF) and alpha-2-macroglobulin (A2M). In patients with GDM a high Fbg level was found (4.51 +/- 0.98 g/l, p<0.01) not only as compared with Fbg in non-pregnant women (2.42 +/- 0.40 g/l), Fbg in healthy pregnant women (3.63 +/- 0.70 g/l) but also Fg in other patient groups with a pathological pregnancy. In pregnant women with GDM a reduced fibrinolytic activity - ECLT (464 +/- 98 min., p<0.01) was observed as compared with the finding in non-pregnant women (273 +/- 98 min.) but also in healthy pregnant women (303 +/- 106 min.). Another important deviation as compared with findings in healthy pregnant women in GDM is the reduced value of two proteinase inhibitors: A2M (2.04 +/- 0.59 g/l vs. 2.89 +/- 0.90 g/l, p < 0.01) and A1AT (2.98 +/- 0.80 g/l vs. 3.96 +/- 0.85 g/l, p < 0.01). The rise of t-PA (Ag), PAI-1 (Ag), fibrinogen and reduction of fibrinolytic activity (longer ECLT) made the changes the haemostasis and fibrinolysis in GDM closer to findings in DM type 2 than type 1. CONCLUSIONS: In GDM a higher thrombophilia was found (higher Fbg, longer ECLT) than in other groups of pregnant women. Another pathological finding is the reduced A2M level (proteinase inhibitor but also of PDGF and interleukins) and A1AT (inhibitor of leucocytic proteinases). The authors assume that these deviations favour the development of possible vascular changes in GDM and possibly also diabetic foetopathy (reduced A2M).
Effects of maternal diabetes on blood pressure and glucose tolerance in offspring of spontaneously hypertensive rats: relation to birth weight.; 1. We studied the effects of maternal diabetes on blood pressure and glucose tolerance in the adult female offspring of spontaneously hypertensive rats. 2. Female spontaneously hypertensive rats were rendered diabetic by neonatal streptozotocin treatment, and then were mated with untreated male spontaneously hypertensive rats. Moderately severe hyperglycaemia was maintained during the gestation. 3. The birth weight was significantly lower in the female offspring of the diabetic dams than in the female offspring of the non-diabetic dams. The systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in the offspring from the diabetic dams than that from the control dams at 6 months of age (192 +/- 4 mmHg versus 213 +/- 4 mmHg, P < 0.01). The heart weight was also significantly increased in the offspring of the diabetic dams. Both the blood pressure and heart weight were inversely related to the birth weight. On the other hand, glucose tolerance was unaffected by maternal diabetes. 4. Maternal diabetes aggravated the severity of hypertension in the adult female offspring of spontaneously hypertensive rats. This suggests the importance of the metabolic environment during fetal growth for the development of hypertension.
Decidual arteriopathy in hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: immunofluorescent studies.; Lesions of the uteroplacental vasculature may be involved in the pathogenesis of "placental insufficiency" in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, diabetes, systemic lupus erythematosus, and idiopathic fetal growth retardation. The decidual arteries of the placental bed of normotensive, hypertensive, and diabetic women were studied by histologic examination and direct immunofluorescence for immunoglobulins and complement. Decidual tissue was obtained by curettage and snap frozen immediately after delivery of the placenta in 21 normal pregnant control subjects, 73 nondiabetic women with hypertensive disorders, and 41 women with insulin-dependent diabetes. Lesions of fibrinoid necrosis and/or atherosis were observed in some of the decidual arteries of 53% of women with preeclampsia (primary or superimposed) and also in a proportion of women with stable chronic hypertension or normotensive diabetes. Thus, fibrinoid necrosis/atherosis of the decidual arteries is not specific for preeclampsia. Immunoglobulins and complement were detected in arteries with lesions in subjects of all clinical groups. The findings do not support the concept that immunoprotein deposition in pathologic decidual arteries is related to a hypothetical immunologic reaction specific for preeclampsia. In preeclampsia, vascular deposition of immunoglobulin and complement may be related to local intravascular coagulation.
A comparative analysis of glycosaminoglycans from human umbilical arteries in normal subjects and in pathological conditions affecting pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Vascular cells express different phenotypes in adult and fetal vessels, and the extracellular matrix they synthesize should reflect these differences. Alterations of vascular proteoglycan/glycosaminoglycan is verified in disorders such as hypertension and diabetes, and when occurring during pregnancy, they bring about structural changes to fetal vessels that often lead to impaired fetus growth. Yet there is little data about the extracellular matrix of an important human fetal vessel, the umbilical artery. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN: This study involved the biochemical characterization of the extracellular matrix of normal umbilical arteries, umbilical arteries from complicated pregnancies (maternal hypertension and diabetes and intrauterine growth retardation syndrome), and, for purpose of comparison, normal adult arteries (aorta and iliac and pulmonary arteries). Although the collagen types I:III ratio was determined in some cases, emphasis was placed on analysis of glycosaminoglycans. RESULTS: Normal umbilical arteries differ from normal adult arteries in that they contain greater concentrations of hyaluronic acid and lesser concentrations of heparan sulfate and chondroitin 4- and 6-sulfate. The umbilical artery also differs from adult arteries in the disaccharide composition of its chondroitin and heparan sulfates and in the molecular weight of this latter glycosaminoglycan. The glycosaminoglycan distribution in umbilical arteries derived from complicated pregnancies is roughly similar to that of controls. However, total glycosaminoglycan and collagen were significantly reduced, and the collagen I:III ratio was increased in the umbilical arteries from hypertension-complicated pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: The glycosaminoglycan composition of the normal umbilical artery, a fully differentiated tissue, differs in many aspects from that of normal adult arteries. Of the cases of complicated pregnancies studied, the extracellular matrix of umbilical arteries was altered only in maternal hypertension. The changes, notably a mild fibrosis, were not very pronounced and should not impair hemodynamic properties of the vessel.
Maternal diabetes and fetal malformations: a case associating cardiovascular, facial and skeletal malformations.; Maternal diabetes is known to be a condition associated with a high frequency of fetal malformations. However, pathogenic factors for these malformations and their possible classification into different entities are not yet well established. We present the case of an infant born to a diabetic mother and affected by several malformations. This report consolidates different hypotheses put forward in recent years.
Fast food consumption and gestational diabetes incidence in the SUN project.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes prevalence is increasing, mostly because obesity among women of reproductive age is continuously escalating. We aimed to investigate the incidence of gestational diabetes according to the consumption of fast food in a cohort of university graduates. METHODS: The prospective dynamic "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) cohort included data of 3,048 women initially free of diabetes or previous gestational diabetes who reported at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2011. Fast food consumption was assessed through a validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Fast food was defined as the consumption of hamburgers, sausages, and pizza. Three categories of fast food were established: low (0-3 servings/month), intermediate (>3 servings/month and ≤2 servings/week) and high (>2 servings/week). Non-conditional logistic regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. RESULTS: We identified 159 incident cases of gestational diabetes during follow-up. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, parity, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, fiber intake, and sugar-sweetened soft drinks consumption, fast food consumption was significantly associated with a higher risk of incident gestational diabetes, with multivariate adjusted OR of 1.31 (95% conficence interval [CI]:0.81-2.13) and 1.86 (95% CI: 1.13-3.06) for the intermediate and high categories, respectively, versus the lowest category of baseline fast food consumption (p for linear trend: 0.007). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that pre-pregnancy higher consumption of fast food is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions Associated With Assisted Reproductive Technology (from a National Inpatient Sample Analysis 2008 to 2019).; Women who conceive through assisted reproductive technology (ART) have a known increased risk of obstetric complications. However, whether ART is also associated with higher risk of developing cardiovascular complications during delivery admissions has not been well established. We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2008 to 2019) and used the International Classification of Diseases codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and ART procedures. A total of 45,867,086 weighted delivery cases were identified, of which 0.24% were among women who conceived through ART (n = 108,542). Women with an ART history were older at the time of delivery (median 35 vs 28 years, p <0.01) and had a higher prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and dyslipidemia (all, p <0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, co-morbidities, multiple gestation, insurance, and income, ART remained an independent predictor of peripartum cardiovascular complications, including pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.45 to 1.51), heart failure (aOR 1.94, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.40), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 1.39, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.48), compared with natural conception. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.25 to 2.92), ischemic stroke (aOR 1.73, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.43), hemorrhagic stroke (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.11), pulmonary edema (aOR 2.29, 95% CI 2.02 to 2.61), and venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.92, 95% CI 1.63 to 2.25) were higher with ART. However, odds of developing peripartum cardiomyopathy or acute coronary syndrome were not associated with ART. Length of stay (3 vs 2 days, p <0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($5,903 vs $3,922, p <0.01) were higher for deliveries among women with a history of ART. In conclusion, women who conceived with ART had higher risk of pre-eclampsia, heart failure, arrhythmias, stroke, and other complications during their delivery hospitalizations. This may, in part, contribute to their increased resource utilization seen.
[Functional differentiation of the vascular endothelium in high risk pregnancies].; Endothelial cell functions regulating fetal hemodynamics and placental perfusion are modulated by metabolites of arachidonic acid, in particular derivatives of cyclooxygenase such as prostaglandins. We utilized an in vitro system to study the possible role of the vascular endothelium in the pathogenesis of chronic placental insufficiency. Cellular growth and prostaglandin metabolism were investigated in cultured umbilical vein endothelial cells from mothers exposed to risk factors such as smoking and diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. The study comprised cells from smoking (n = 18) and diabetic mothers (n = 5) compared to non-smoking, non-diabetic controls (n = 20). Endothelial cells from smoking and diabetic mothers grew less readily than did control cells. The synthesis of the prostaglandins PGI2 and PGE2, both potent vasodilators and platelet aggregation inhibitors, was significantly reduced in endothelial cells from smoking mothers and from mothers suffering from diabetes of various stages. Thus, reduced prostaglandin synthesis may be a cause of impaired placental perfusion in high risk pregnancies. Our data suggest that prostaglandins may play an important role in the etiology and pathogenesis of chronic placental insufficiency.
Blood pressure and heart rate changes during pregnancy in fructose-fed Sprague-Dawley rats.; Blood pressure and heart rate changes during pregnancy were investigated in fructose-fed (diabetic) Sprague-Dawley rats. A total of 48 pubertal female rats were used. The experimental rats were fed with 25% (w/w) fructose mixed with normal rat chow for minimum period of 3 weeks while the control rats were fed with the normal rat chow. They all had free access to drinking water. Systolic, diastolic and mean arterial blood pressures and the heart rates were measured in both non-pregnant and pregnant control rats and their diabetic counterparts. The results indicate that systolic blood pressures significantly increased progressively during pregnancy in fructose-fed rats as compared with the non-pregnant rats (P < 0.0001) while in the control rats, except for the 2nd trimester sub-group, which had a similar value with the non-pregnant sub-group, the systolic blood pressure (SBP) also, increased steadily. When the diabetic group is compared with the control group, the SBP (in the 2nd trimester sub-groups) was raised from 82.18 +/- 1.26 mmHg in control rats to 112.48 +/- 1.26 mmHg in the diabetic rats (P < 0.0001). Diastolic blood pressure (DBP) progressively increased significantly in the diabetic rats from 63.94 +/- 3.95 mmHg in the non-pregnant sub-group to 91.95 +/- 1.89 mmHg in the 3rd trimester sub-group of the pregnant rats (P < 0.0001). The DBP of the 2nd trimester sub-group of the diabetic rats was significantly raised from 61.88 +/- 4.20 mmHg in the control rats to 89.60 +/- 1.79 mmHg in the diabetic rats (P < 0.0001). In addition, the mean arterial blood pressure (MAP) was significantly raised in the 1st and 2nd trimester of the diabetic rats from 70.61 +/- 3.12 mmHg in the non-pregnant diabetic rats to 96.28 +/- 1.36 mmHg and 97.13 +/- 1.15 mmHg respectively, (P < 0.0001, P < 0.0001). There was a progressive increase in the heart rates, in both control and diabetic groups, from non-pregnant sub-groups to the 3 trimesters of pregnancy. The body weights of the 2 groups of rats increased significantly as pregnancy progressed. These results suggest that fructose-induced diabetes could cause the development of sustained hypertension during pregnancy via the insulin-resistance-hyperinsulinemia-link.
Influence of genetic and maternal diabetes in the pathogenesis of visceroatrial heterotaxy in mice.; The NOD mouse is known as a spontaneous model of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Fetuses in this strain present anomalies of the viscera, and the incidence increases in fetuses from dams with clinically manifested diabetes. To examine the role of maternal diabetes and the genetical influence in inducing heterotaxy, NOD dams were mated with males of the ICR strain (the original strain of the NOD) and with C57BL/6J sires (not genetically related to the NOD). The frequency of visceroatrial heterotaxy in fetuses from diabetic dams varied with the fetal genotype, being 65% (33/51) in NODxNOD (dam X sire, respectively), 24% (12/50) in NODxICR, and 7% (4/57) in NODxC57BL/6J. The cases with heterotaxy showed a tendency toward right isomerism of the viscera and had severe cardiac defects, such as endocardial cushion defect and double-outlet right ventricle or transposition of the great arteries. The fetal body weight from diabetic dams in each mating was lower than that from non-diabetic dams (P < 0.05), suggesting that maternal diabetes, rather than abnormal situs, is the main determinant for decreased fetal growth. These findings demonstrate that the liability to heterotaxy induced by maternal diabetes is influenced by the fetal genotype.
Investigating the risk of hypertension shortly after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Women with a history of preeclampsia are at increased risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. This study assessed whether a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia is associated with an increased prevalence of maternal hypertension and other cardiovascular risk factors shortly after delivery. STUDY DESIGN: Seventy-nine cases and 140 controls that had been enrolled in a prospective case-control study were evaluated in this planned follow-up analysis. The presence of hypertension, diabetes and dyslipidemia were assessed by standardized questionnaire 6-13 months after delivery. RESULTS: Women with preeclampsia were significantly more likely than controls to have hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 13.92; 95% CI, 5.17-37.4; P < .001) after adjusting for confounders. Women with preterm preeclampsia also had an increased odds of hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 18.31; 95% CI, 5.04-66.46; P < .001) compared with controls. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy complications, such as preeclampsia, may provide opportunities to identify women at risk for cardiovascular morbidity years before the onset of disease, allowing a window for prevention and intervention.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: a 12-year prospective survey.; A prospective study extending over 12 years has surveyed 107 latent diabetics and 172 clinical diabetics during pregnancy. Among the clinical diabetics background retinopathy was evident or developed during pregnancy in 40 cases. Eleven cases showed proliferative changes, only 1 such case appearing de novo during gestation. There was a higher incidence of fetal loss in the diabetic than the latent diabetic group, and this loss was highest in those with proliferative retinal disease. Pregnancy was to associated with any increased risk to the mother of progression of retinal changes and visual loss. The only known direct relationship, namely, that between duration of diabetes and ocular complications, is confirmed.
Group-based developmental BMI trajectories, polycystic ovary syndrome, and gestational diabetes: a community-based longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is common in young women, increasing insulin resistance (IR) and worsening pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes (GDM). Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are commonly obese, which aggravates the severity of PCOS clinical expression. Relationships between these common insulin-resistant conditions, however, remain unclear. METHODS: We conducted a secondary analysis of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH) database, including data from 8009 women aged 18-36 years across six surveys. We used latent-curve growth modelling to identify distinct body mass index (BMI) trajectories and multinomial logistic regression to explore sociodemographic and health variables characterizing BMI group membership. Logistic regression was used to assess independent risk of GDM. RESULTS: A total of 662 women (8.29%, 95% CI 7.68-8.89) reported PCOS. Three distinct BMI trajectories emerged, namely low stable (LSG) (63.8%), defined as an average trajectory remaining at ~25 kg/m(2); moderately rising (MRG) (28.8%), a curvilinear trajectory commencing in a healthy BMI and terminating in the overweight range; and high-rising (HRG) (7.4%), a curvilinear trajectory starting and terminating in the obese range. A high BMI in early reproductive life predicted membership in higher trajectories. The HRG BMI trajectory was independently associated with GDM (OR 2.50, 95% CI 1.80-3.48) and was a stronger correlate than PCOS (OR 1.89, 95% CI 1.41-2.54), maternal age, socioeconomic status, or parity. CONCLUSION: Our results suggest heterogeneity in BMI change among Australian women of reproductive age, with and without PCOS. Reducing early adult life weight represents an ideal opportunity to intervene at an early stage of reproductive life and decreases the risk of long-term metabolic complications such as GDM.
Home monitoring of blood glucose by diabetic patients.; The history of urine and blood glucose monitoring by diabetic patients is reviewed briefly. The technique of blood glucose monitoring with Dextrostix-Eyetone and Dextrostix-Glucochek is described in detail. The use of blood glucose monitoring in different diabetic groups is discussed. Although most experience has been gained with insulin-treated patients evidence suggests that it will also be helpful in diet and tablet-treated patients. Blood glucose monitoring has allowed normoglycaemia to be maintained indefinitely with the use of conventional insulin regimes and with no increase in the risk of hypoglycaemia. Blood glucose monitoring is a widely available technique for improving diabetic control that is preferred to urine testing by more than 90 per cent of patients.
Nutrient intake of women with and without gestational diabetes with a specific focus on fatty acids.; OBJECTIVE: Diet therapy is the cornerstone for the management of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with GDM are commonly given dietary advice that broadly focuses on a reduction of total energy and fat consumption. We compared nutrient intake and specifically fatty acids of women with GDM who had received individualized nutritional counseling with those of non-diabetic women who did not. METHOD: Women with GDM (n=44) and healthy pregnant women (n=44) with uncomplicated singleton pregnancies were recruited during the third trimester. Women with GDM were given consultation on diet, health, and macronutrient content of foods commonly consumed by the individual. The non-diabetic group did not receive any dietary advice. Both groups were asked to keep a detailed record of all of foods and fluid consumed over a 4-d period. RESULTS: After dietary counseling, the GDM group had lower intakes of energy (P<0.05), refined sugar (P<0.0001), total and saturated fats (P<0.0001), and monounsaturated (P<0.01) and trans (P<0.0001) fatty acids and higher levels of docosahexaenoic acid and fiber (P<0.05) compared with the non-diabetic group. CONCLUSIONS: Individualized dietary advice was associated with a lower consumption of the target nutrients in women with GDM. Another benefit of the advice was a slight increase in intake of eicosapentaenoic and docosahexaenoic acids, although consumption of omega-3 fatty acids by both groups was well below the recommendations for pregnancy. There is evidence that docosahexaenoic acid modulates insulin resistance and that it is vital for neurovisual development. We suggest that dietary management for women with GDM should foster the current recommendations for essential fatty acids in pregnancy.
Hypertension in pregnancy: Prevalence, risk factors and outcomes for women birthing in Ireland.; OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to identify the number of pregnancies affected by hypertension in Ireland and report on possible risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes for women and their babies. STUDY DESIGN: Data on maternity hospital discharges for women giving birth in Ireland in 2016 were extracted from the national Hospital In-Patient Enquiry data system. Women with a diagnosis of a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy were identified using relevant ICD codes. Descriptive statistics were used to present prevalence, and Pearson's Chi-square and multivariable regression analyses were conducted to identify risk factors and pregnancy outcomes. Differences between proportions were analysed by Pearson's Chi-squared test of independence. RESULTS: Of 60,188 maternities reported for the year 2016, 5.9% of women (n = 3531) had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and 4.6% (n = 2790) had pre-eclampsia. Rates were higher among women with pre-existing diabetes, gestational diabetes, obesity and those aged ≥40 years. After adjusting for maternal age, pre-existing DM, GDM, obesity and tobacco use, obesity (AOR 4.3; 95% CI: 3.2-5.7; p < 0.001), pre-existing diabetes (AOR 3.5; 95% CI: 2.5-4-9; p < 0.001), gestational diabetes (AOR 1.5; 95% CI: 1.3-1.8; p < 0.001) and being aged ≥40 years (AOR 1.5; 95% CI: 1.3-1.7; p < 0.001) remained significantly associated with being diagnosed with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy in the Republic of Ireland. CONCLUSION: In Ireland where maternal age at childbirth is increasing, the association of hypertension with advancing age will undoubtedly contribute to a greater prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and their potential adverse outcomes for pregnant women and their babies. This retrospective study highlights the prevalence rates in Ireland while also identifying possible risk factors and associated adverse pregnancy outcomes. They pinpoint the need for further research to look in more detail at risk factors and adverse outcomes for the 79% (n = 2790) of women presenting with pre-eclampsia among this large nationally representative sample of women.
Acceptance of Pregnancy-Induced Disease and Intrapersonal Resistance Resources of Pregnant Women-Preliminary Report.; The health problems complicating pregnancy are a source of anxiety and concern about the developing fetus' health and life. The aim of the study was to assess the acceptance of illness and selected intrapersonal resistance resources for women whose pregnancies are complicated by gestational diabetes or pregnancy-induced hypertension and their determinants. The study was conducted from April 2019 to January 2021 in 688 pregnant women who were patients of the pregnancy pathology department and gynecology-obstetrics outpatient clinics in Lublin (Poland), using a diagnostic survey method with the use of the following research tools: Acceptance Illness Scale, Generalized Self-Efficacy Scale, Multidimensional Health Locus of Control Scale, and the standardized interview questionnaire. The study group included 337 women with gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension. The control group included 351 women with an uncomplicated course of pregnancy. The level of acceptance of illness in pregnant women with pregnancy-induced diseases is on the border between medium and high acceptance (29.36 ± 7.82). The respondents in the control group had lower levels of self-efficacy (28.47 vs. 29.62) and health locus of control in the internal dimension (24.61 vs. 26.25) (p < 0.05). Respondents with pregnancy-induced diseases are characterized by the internal dimension of locus of health control.
Increased fetal activity with low maternal blood glucose levels in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; Ten diabetic pregnant women were studied during the thirty-sixth to fortieth weeks of gestation to determine whether maternal blood glucose levels influence fetal activity. Maternal blood glucose level was monitored and controlled utilizing an artificial pancreas (Biostator) while fetal activity and heart rate were quantitated by continuous ultrasonic and electrocardiac fetal monitoring. Fetal activity was confirmed independently by a maternal controlled event marker. There was no difference in fetal movement with heart rate accelerations between periods of maternal normoglycemia defined as blood glucose levels between 60 and 140 mg/dl (3.3-7.8 mMol/L) and periods of maternal hyperglycemia (blood glucose level greater than 140 mg/dl or 7.8 mMol/L). Maternal blood glucose levels of less than 60 mg/dl (3.3 mMol/L) were accompanied by a significant (p less than 0.001) increase in fetal activity (19.9 +/- 3.9 SEM episodes of fetal movement per 20-minute observation period versus 8.0 +/- 5 episodes during periods of hyperglycemia). These observations indicate that hyperglycemia does not stimulate fetal activity and that the obstetric practice of beverages with high glucose content administered during antepartum testing (in an attempt to increase fetal movement) should be reevaluated in diabetic women.
Maternal diabetes and congenital malformations among live births in Hawaii.; The frequency of congenital malformations in 187,266 live births in Hawaii from 1956 through 1966, was found to be significantly higher among offspring diabetic mothers (0.0175) than in offspring of non-diabetic mothers (0.0086) or mothers with no complications of pregnancy (0.0074). However, the frequency of malformations in offspring of diabetic mothers was not significantly higher than in offspring of mothers with heart conditions of hypertension.
Cardiac malformations and alteration of TGFbeta signaling system in diabetic embryopathy.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular defects are the most common anomalies in diabetic embryopathy. The mechanisms underlying the manifestation of the defects remain to be addressed. METHODS: Female mice were administered streptozotocin to induce diabetes. Embryos from euglycemic (control) and hyperglycemic groups were examined for morphological and histological evaluation of malformations. Cell proliferation and programmed cell death (apoptosis) were assessed using mitotic markers (BrdU and Ki67) and TUNEL assay, respectively. Expression of eight four genes in the TGFbeta signaling system was analyzed using real-time RT-PCR. RESULTS: Structural abnormalities were observed in the heart and neural tube in diabetic groups, with significantly higher malformation rates than in control groups. Moreover, malformation rates in the heart were higher than those in the neural tube. Cardiac abnormalities including dilated heart tube, smaller ventricles, conotruncal stenosis, and abnormal heart looping were seen during early morphogenesis prior to cardiac septation [embryonic day (E) 9.5-11.5]. Histological examinations showed hypoplastic myocardium and endocardial cushions. After cardiac septation (E15.5), ventricular septal defects were observed, which were manifested in the non-muscular portion of the septum. Significant decreases in cell proliferation with no differences in apoptosis were observed in the myocardium and endocardial cushions in diabetic compared to control groups. Factors in the TGFbeta signaling that regulate heart development were downregulated by maternal diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes causes malformations in the heart of the embryo. The heart is more susceptible to maternal diabetic insults than the neural tube. Malformations in the heart prior to septation are associated with decreased cell proliferation, but not increased apoptosis. The TGFbeta signaling is involved in cardiac malformations in diabetic embryopathy.
Myo-inositol: a potential prophylaxis against premature onset of labour and preterm birth.; The incidence of preterm birth (PTB), delivery before 37 completed weeks of gestation, is rising in most countries. Several recent small clinical trials of myo-inositol supplementation in pregnancy, which were primarily aimed at preventing gestational diabetes, have suggested an effect on reducing the incidence of PTB as a secondary outcome, highlighting the potential role of myo-inositol as a preventive agent. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms by which myo-inositol might be able to do so remain unknown; these may occur through directly influencing the onset and progress of labour, or by suppressing stimuli that trigger or promote labour. This paper presents hypotheses outlining the potential role of uteroplacental myo-inositol in human parturition and explains possible underlying molecular mechanisms by which myo-inositol might modulate the uteroplacental environment and inhibit preterm labour onset. We suggest that a physiological decline in uteroplacental inositol levels to a critical threshold with advancing gestation, in concert with an increasingly pro-inflammatory uteroplacental environment, permits spontaneous membrane rupture and labour onset. A higher uteroplacental inositol level, potentially promoted by maternal myo-inositol supplementation, might affect lipid metabolism, eicosanoid production and secretion of pro-inflammatory chemocytokines that overall dampen the pro-labour uteroplacental environment responsible for labour onset and progress, thus reducing the risk of PTB. Understanding how and when inositol may act to reduce PTB risk would facilitate the design of future clinical trials of maternal myo-inositol supplementation and definitively address the efficacy of myo-inositol prophylaxis against PTB.
Successful pregnancy in a 63-year-old woman.; OBJECTIVE: To report the occurrence of an unusual case of successful pregnancy achieved by oocyte donation in a woman > 60 years of age. DESIGN: Case report. SETTING: University-based assisted reproductive technology program. PATIENT(S): Sixty-three-year old nulligravida, married for 16 years to her 60-year-old husband. Throughout her infertility treatment, the patient was believed to be 10 years younger, as she claimed. She revealed her true age of 63 only upon being referred for obstetric care at 13 weeks of gestational age. INTERVENTION(S): Oocyte donation, IVF, embryo cryopreservation, and ET. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Attainment of pregnancy and subsequent delivery. RESULT(S): The patient underwent two cycles of oocyte donation. During the second attempt, the fresh transfer resulted in a clinical miscarriage at approximately 8 weeks of gestational age. A subsequent transfer of three frozen-thawed embryos resulted in an ongoing singleton gestation. The pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes (controlled by diet) and mild pregnancy-induced hypertension. Delivery by cesarean section at 38 weeks of gestational age resulted in the birth of a healthy female infant weighing 2,844 g with Apgar scores of 9 and 9. CONCLUSION(S): This case demonstrates that the uterus is capable of supporting nidation and subsequent gestation for many years beyond natural menopause. It shows that other aspects of human physiology are capable of adapting to the stresses and changes of pregnancy sufficiently well to achieve a normal birth at the age of 63 years. This case also exemplifies the difficulty in attempting to regulate the age of recipients in oocyte donation. As in other aspects of human life, when age limits are applied to the provision of certain services, human beings whose age falls outside of these limits become motivated to deceive the providers of those services to avail themselves of the services.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Long-Term Maternal Cardiovascular and Metabolic Biomarkers.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to measure the association between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and long-term maternal metabolic and cardiovascular biomarkers. STUDY DESIGN: Follow-up study of patients who completed glucose tolerance testing 5 to 10 years after enrollment in a mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment trial or concurrent non-GDM cohort. Maternal serum insulin concentrations and cardiovascular markers VCAM-1, VEGF, CD40L, GDF-15, and ST-2 were measured, and insulinogenic index (IGI, pancreatic β-cell function) and 1/ homeostatic model assessment (insulin resistance) were calculated. Biomarkers were compared by presence of HDP (gestational hypertension or preeclampsia) during pregnancy. Multivariable linear regression estimated the association of HDP with biomarkers, adjusting for GDM, baseline body mass index (BMI), and years since pregnancy. RESULTS: Of 642 patients, 66 (10%) had HDP: 42 with gestational hypertension and 24 with preeclampsia. Patients with HDP had higher baseline and follow-up BMI, higher baseline blood pressure, and more chronic hypertension at follow-up. HDP was not associated with metabolic or cardiovascular biomarkers at follow-up. However, when HDP type was evaluated, patients with preeclampsia had lower GDF-15 levels (oxidative stress/cardiac ischemia), compared with patients without HDP (adjusted mean difference: -0.24, 95% confidence interval: -0.44, -0.03). There were no differences between gestational hypertension and no HDP. CONCLUSION: In this cohort, metabolic and cardiovascular biomarkers 5 to 10 years after pregnancies did not differ by HDP. Patients with preeclampsia may have less oxidative stress/cardiac ischemia postpartum; however, this may have been observed due to chance alone given multiple comparisons. Longitudinal studies are needed to define the impact of HDP during pregnancy and interventions postpartum. KEY POINTS: · Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were not associated with metabolic dysfunction.. · Cardiovascular dysfunction was not consistently seen after pregnancy hypertension.. · Longitudinal studies with postpartum interventions after preeclampsia are needed..
Diagnosis of fetal ductus arteriosus aneurysm: importance of the three-vessel view.; OBJECTIVE: To present four cases of ductus arteriosus aneurysm (DAA) detected by fetal echocardiography and highlight the value of the three-vessel view in the diagnosis of DAA. METHODS: In addition to the standard fetal echocardiographic views, we examined the three-vessel view in four cases of DAA. The three-vessel view was achieved by sliding the transducer cranially from the four-chamber plane toward the fetal upper mediastinum to demonstrate cross-sections of the main pulmonary artery, the ascending aorta and superior vena cava arranged in a straight line from the left anterior to the right posterior aspect of the mediastinum. DAA was diagnosed when there was a tortuous ductus arteriosus with a dilation that protruded leftward of the aortic arch. CASE SERIES: In the first case, an insulin-dependent diabetic woman underwent fetal ultrasound examination at 36 weeks' gestation showing right-to-left cardiac disproportion and bidirectional flow in the aorta and main pulmonary artery (PA). The three-vessel view showed a dilated ductus arteriosus (DA) which was stenosed at its distal end. In the second case, a woman had fetal ultrasound scans at 38 and 39 weeks' gestation for suspected intrauterine growth restriction and oligohydramnios. The scans identified an abnormal aortic arch and the three-vessel view showed an elongated vascular structure at the distal end of the PA, which was the DAA. In the third case, a woman with a high-risk obstetric history had multiple scans showing an abnormal PA to aorta relationship, with an apparent 'kink' in the PA. The three-vessel view clarified that this was the DAA. In the fourth case, a woman was scanned because of a 3-kg weight gain in 1 week. The fetal ultrasound scan showed moderate polyhydramnios with normal fetal growth and normal intracardiac anatomy and flow, and the three-vessel view demonstrated a large DA. In each of these cases, the DAA appeared to have occurred in isolation with non-specific clinical findings. CONCLUSION: We advocate the use of the three-vessel view, in conjunction with the standard echocardiography views currently employed, to assist in the diagnosis of DAA.
Protective effects of Morus alba leaves extract on ocular functions of pups from diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mother rats.; Phytotherapy is frequently considered to be less toxic and free from side effects than synthetic drugs. Hence, the present study was designed to investigate the protective use of crude water extract of Morus alba leaves on ocular functions including cataractogenesis, biochemical diabetic and hypercholesterolemic markers, retinal neurotransmitters and retinopathy of rat pups maternally subjected to either diabetes and/or hypercholesterolemia. Application of crude water extract of Morus alba resulted in amelioration of the alterations of maternal serum glucose, LDL, HDL, total cholesterol and creatine phosphokinase activity as well as retinal neurotransmitters including acetylcholine (ACE), adrenaline (AD), nor-adrenaline (NAD), serotonin (5-HT), histamine (HS), dopamine (DA) and gamma amino butyric acid (GABA). The retina of pups of either diabetic and/or hypercholesterolemia mothers exhibited massive alterations of retinal neurotransmitters. The alterations of retinal neurotransmitters were correlated with the observed pathological alterations of retinal pigmented epithelium, photoreceptor inner segment and ganglion cells and increased incidence of DNA fragmentation and apoptosis cell death. However, protection with Morus alba extract led to amelioration of the pathological alterations of retinal neurons and estimated neurotransmitters. Furthermore, a striking incidence of cataract was detected in pups of either diabetic and/or hypercholesterolemic mothers. Highest cataractogenesis was observed in pups of combined -treated groups. Our data indicate that experimental maternal diabetes alone or in combination with hypercholesterolemia led to alteration in the ocular structures of their pups, with an increasing incidence of cataract and retinopathy, and the effects of the extract might be attributed to the hypoglycaemic, antihypercholesterolemic and anti-oxidative potential of flavonoids, the major components of the plant extract.
Selective delivery in high-risk pregnancy.; Ultrasonography, antepartum testing of the fetal heart rate, and amniotic fluid assays were used in a management protocol to select the optimal time for delivery of a group of 165 pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or hypertensive disorders. Only six cases of intrauterine growth retardation were detected ante partum. Nonreactive nonstress tests were found in 28 pregnancies, and 12 of these also had positive contraction stress tests. Evidence of immaturity from amniotic fluid assay led to a needed delay in the delivery of eight infants. Seven antepartum fetal deaths occurred. Twenty-six infants were delivered prematurely, but there was only one late neonatal death. The uncorrected perinatal mortality for this group of high-risk pregnancies was 47.3 per 1,000 births.
Weight excess before pregnancy: complications and cost.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the incidence of pregnancy complications and the cost of prenatal care in patients with pregravid overweight. DESIGN: Retrospective study of patients dispatched into four groups: normal weight, moderate overweight, obesity, massive obesity. SETTING: Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of Montpellier. SUBJECTS: One hundred and twelve pregnancies among 89 overweight women, compared with 54 healthy normal weight controls. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Incidence of maternal complications, complications of labor, duration of hospitalization. RESULTS: Hypertension, toxemia, gestational diabetes, insulin treatment, urinary tract infections and macrosomia were positively correlated with maternal pregravid weight excess. Mean duration of hospitalization and overall cost were also strongly related to maternal weight. Cesarean section rate increased only in morbidly obese women. No materno-fetal mortality was observed in our study. CONCLUSION: Even moderate overweight is a significant risk factor for obstetrical complications and needs a multidisciplinary antenatal management in order to prevent materno-fetal complications.
10-year follow-up of diabetes incidence and weight loss in the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study.; BACKGROUND: In the 2.8 years of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) randomised clinical trial, diabetes incidence in high-risk adults was reduced by 58% with intensive lifestyle intervention and by 31% with metformin, compared with placebo. We investigated the persistence of these effects in the long term. METHODS: All active DPP participants were eligible for continued follow-up. 2766 of 3150 (88%) enrolled for a median additional follow-up of 5.7 years (IQR 5.5-5.8). 910 participants were from the lifestyle, 924 from the metformin, and 932 were from the original placebo groups. On the basis of the benefits from the intensive lifestyle intervention in the DPP, all three groups were offered group-implemented lifestyle intervention. Metformin treatment was continued in the original metformin group (850 mg twice daily as tolerated), with participants unmasked to assignment, and the original lifestyle intervention group was offered additional lifestyle support. The primary outcome was development of diabetes according to American Diabetes Association criteria. Analysis was by intention-to-treat. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00038727. FINDINGS: During the 10.0-year (IQR 9.0-10.5) follow-up since randomisation to DPP, the original lifestyle group lost, then partly regained weight. The modest weight loss with metformin was maintained. Diabetes incidence rates during the DPP were 4.8 cases per 100 person-years (95% CI 4.1-5.7) in the intensive lifestyle intervention group, 7.8 (6.8-8.8) in the metformin group, and 11.0 (9.8-12.3) in the placebo group. Diabetes incidence rates in this follow-up study were similar between treatment groups: 5.9 per 100 person-years (5.1-6.8) for lifestyle, 4.9 (4.2-5.7) for metformin, and 5.6 (4.8-6.5) for placebo. Diabetes incidence in the 10 years since DPP randomisation was reduced by 34% (24-42) in the lifestyle group and 18% (7-28) in the metformin group compared with placebo. INTERPRETATION: During follow-up after DPP, incidences in the former placebo and metformin groups fell to equal those in the former lifestyle group, but the cumulative incidence of diabetes remained lowest in the lifestyle group. Prevention or delay of diabetes with lifestyle intervention or metformin can persist for at least 10 years. FUNDING: National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK).
Maternal morbidity and obstetric complications in triplet pregnancies and quadruplet and higher-order multiple pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess the risk of maternal morbidity and obstetric complications in women with triplet pregnancies and quadruplet and higher-order multiple pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: We compared the outcomes in women with triplet pregnancies (n=5491) and quadruplet and higher-order multiple pregnancies (n=423) with women with twin pregnancies (n=152,238), with the use of the 1995 to 1997 Multiple Birth File of the United States. RESULTS: After an adjustment was made for important confounding factors, the risks of pregnancy-associated hypertension and eclampsia, anemia, diabetes mellitus, abruptio placenta, premature rupture of membrane, and cesarean delivery were increased in women with triplet pregnancies and quadruplet and higher-order multiple gestations than in women with twin pregnancies. A dose-response relationship was observed for pregnancy-associated hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and placental abruption, with higher odds ratios in women with quadruplet and higher-order multiple gestations than in women with triplet pregnancies. CONCLUSION: The risks of maternal morbidity and obstetric complications are increased in triplet pregnancies and quadruplet and higher-order multiple pregnancies than in twin pregnancies; for certain outcomes, there is a dose-response relationship.
Role of insulin, adenosine, and adipokine receptors in the foetoplacental vascular dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disease of pregnancy associated with maternal and foetal hyperglycaemia and altered foetoplacental vascular function. Human foetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium from GDM pregnancy show increased maximal l-arginine transport capacity via the human cationic amino acid transporter 1 (hCAT-1) isoform and nitric oxide (NO) synthesis by the endothelial NO synthase (eNOS). These alterations are paralleled by lower maximal transport activity of the endogenous nucleoside adenosine via the human equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 (hENT1) and activation of adenosine receptors. A causal relationship has been described for adenosine-activation of A(2A) adenosine receptors, hCAT-1, and eNOS activity (i.e. the Adenosine/l-Arginine/Nitric Oxide, ALANO, signalling pathway). Insulin restores these alterations in GDM via activation of insulin receptor A (IR-A) form in the macrovascular but IR-A and IR-B forms in the microcirculation of the human placenta. Adipokines are secreted from adipocytes influencing the foetoplacental metabolic and vascular function. Various adipokines are dysregulated in GDM, with adiponectin and leptin playing major roles. Abnormal plasma concentration of these adipokines and the activation or their receptors are involved in the pathophysiology of GDM. However, involvement of adipokines, adenosine, and insulin receptors and membrane transporters in the aetiology of this disease of pregnancy is unknown. This review focuses on the pathophysiology of insulin and adenosine receptors and l-arginine and adenosine membranes transporters giving an overview of the key adipokines leptin and adiponectin in the foetoplacental vasculature in GDM. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Membrane Transporters and Receptors in Pregnancy Metabolic Complications edited by Luis Sobrevia.
Reproductive health factors in relation to risk of hypertension in postmenopausal women: Results from NHANES 2011-2014.; Few studies have systematically assessed the relationship between multiple reproductive factors and hypertension, and these limited studies paid more attention to age at menarche and menopause, abortion, or the number of live births, and yielded controversial results. This study aimed to explore the relationship between reproductive health factors and hypertension from 5 aspects: history of menstruation, pregnancy, delivery, gynecological surgery, and reproductive-related medication use. We analyzed data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2011 to 2014. Data on reproductive factors were collected using a questionnaire survey. The associations between multiple reproductive factors and the risk of hypertension were assessed using multivariable logistic regression models. There were significant inverse associations between age at menopause (odds ratio [OR] = 0.984, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.971-0.998, P = .0234 per 1-year increase), age at first live birth (OR = 0.970, 95% CI: 0.944-0.998, P = .0346 per 1-year increase), age at last live birth (OR = 0.982, 95% CI: 0.964-0.999, P = .0488 per 1-year increase), and the risk of hypertension. In contrast, a positive association was found between the risk of hypertension and a history of gestational diabetes (OR = 1.693, 95% CI: 1.042-2.751, P = .0333), hysterectomy (OR = 1.398, 95% CI: 1.139-1.717, P = .0014), ovariectomy (OR = 1.374, 95% CI: 1.074-1.758, P = .0115), and birth control pill use (OR = 1.293, 95% CI: 1.035-1.616, P = .0236). Age at menopause but not menarche, is inversely associated with hypertension. A history of gestational diabetes, hysterectomy, ovariectomy, or birth control pills was associated with a higher risk of hypertension.
Risk factors and pregnancy outcome in women aged over 40 years at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra, Ghana.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in women aged 40 years and older at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, Accra, Ghana. METHODS: A descriptive case-control study comparing women aged 40 years and older at the time of delivery with those between 20 and 34 who delivered at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital between April 1, 2014 and March 31, 2015. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires and supplemented with information from patients' medical records. A multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio and the 95% confidence interval of various risk factors and complications associated with delivery in women aged 40 years or older. Statistical significance was set at P<0.05. RESULTS: There were 339 women in the study of which 113 were aged 40 years or older and 226 were aged between 20 and 34 years. Delivery at age 40 years or older was associated with grand multiparity, and unplanned and undesirable pregnancy. There was a higher incidence of gestational diabetes (7.1% vs 2.2%, P=0.036), cesarean delivery (70.1% vs 57.1%, P=0.018), and venous thromboembolism (VTE) (7.1% vs 1.3%, P=0.008) among women older than 40 years. VTE risk was increased sixfold in the women older than 40 years compared with the younger ones. CONCLUSION: Women delivering after age 40 years had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, and VTE compared with younger women. VTE risk increased sixfold in the older women.
Maternal diabetes and the risk of feeding and eating disorders in offspring: a national population-based cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Previous studies have suggested that maternal diabetes may have programming effect on fetal brain development. However, little is known about the association between maternal diabetes and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring that mainly manifest in infancy or early childhood. We aimed to examine the association between maternal diabetes before or during pregnancy and feeding and eating disorders (FED) in offspring. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This population-based cohort study included 1 193 891 singletons born in Denmark during 1996-2015. These children were followed from birth until the onset of FED, the sixth birthday, death, emigration, or 31 December 2016, whichever came first. Relative risk of FED was estimated by HRs using Cox proportional hazards model. RESULTS: A total of 40 867 (3.4%) children were born to mothers with diabetes (20 887 with pregestational diabetes and 19 980 with gestational diabetes). The incidence rates of FED were 6.8, 4.6 and 2.9 per 10 000 person-years among children of mothers with pregestational diabetes, gestational diabetes and no diabetes, respectively. Offspring of mothers with diabetes had a 64% increased risk of FED (HR 1.64; 95% CI 1.36 to 1.99; p<0.001). The HR for maternal pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes was 2.01 (95% CI 1.59 to 2.56; p<0.001) and 1.28 (95% CI 0.95 to 1.72; p=0.097), respectively. The increased risk was more pronounced among offspring of mothers with diabetic complications (HR 2.97; 95% CI 1.54 to 5.72; p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes was associated with an increased risk of FED in offspring in infancy and early childhood. Our findings can inform clinical decisions for better management of maternal diabetes, in particular before pregnancy, which can reduce early neurodevelopmental problems in the offspring.
The relationship between pregnancy and long-term maternal complications in the EURODIAB IDDM Complications Study.; Pregnancy is believed to exacerbate diabetes complications, although the degree to which this occurs, and the advice that should be given to women contemplating pregnancy is unclear. We examined 776 nulliparous and 582 parous women with Type 1 diabetes from a cross-sectional study performed in 31 European centres. Glycaemic control was better in parous women. Age and duration adjusted prevalence of microalbuminuria was similar in parous and nulliparous women, but macroalbuminuria was lower in parous women (6% versus 10%, p < 0.0001). Prevalence of all retinopathy was lower in parous women (34% in women who had two or more pregnancies, 45% in women who had one), compared with 48% in nulliparous women (chi 2 for trend = 47.1, p < 0.0001). Proliferative retinopathy was lower in parous (8% and 7%, respectively) compared with nulliparous women (16%, chi 2 for trend = 52.2, p < 0.0001). These differences persisted when adjusted for glycaemic control. Excluding referrals for pregnancy, parous women were more likely to have been referred to the diabetes clinic with complications than nulliparous women (p = 0.001). It is unlikely that our findings can be explained by women with complications being advised against pregnancy, or by the better glycaemic control in parous women. Equivalent levels of microalbuminuria and background retinopathy in parous and nulliparous women suggests that pregnancy may not exacerbate these early complications.
Perinatal outcome of in vitro fertilization pregnancies in women with polycystic ovary syndrome by pregravid BMI.; OBJECTIVES: Given the adverse effects of either polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) or overweight/obesity, one could speculate that patients with both would fare worse than others. We sought to evaluate the relationship between pregravid BMI and pregnancy complications in PCOS patients conceived by assisted reproductive techniques (ART). METHODS: Maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes of singleton pregnancies after assisted reproduction in women with and without PCOS were compared by pregravid body mass index (BMI, <24.9 vs. ≥25 kg/cm(2)). RESULTS: The study population comprised 185 with a BMI <24.9 kg/cm(2) including 39 (21%) with PCOS and 146 (79%) without. We also included 84 patients with BMI ≥25 kg/cm(2), involving 34 (40.5%) with PCOS and 50 (59.5%) without. PCOS (total 73 patients) was significantly more common among overweight/obese patients, OR 2.5 (95% CI 1.4, 4.4). Neonates >4,000 g were born only to the overweight/obese mothers in the PCOS group. A higher incidence of gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, and gestational hypertension was related to pregravid overweight/obesity rather than PCOS. CONCLUSIONS: In this specific subgroup of patients conceived after assisted reproduction, pregravid BMI>25 kg/cm(2) rather than PCOS itself appears to be associated with GDM and hypertensive disorders.
Quality of life outcomes in pregnancy and postpartum complicated by hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth.; Health problems can develop during a pregnancy, turning it into a high risk. The aim of this study was to explore the influence of hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth as risk factors for health-related quality of life (HRQL) and depressive symptoms during late pregnancy and postpartum. A prospective, longitudinal study was performed with three assessments. Ninety women were recruited in the study including 29 controls. HRQL was measured using the WHO-QOL-BREF questionnaire. Depressive symptoms were assessed with the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). Statistical analyses were performed using ANOVA and the chi-square test to explore HRQL and depressive symptoms between three pregnancy risk groups and controls. Women of the preterm group had statistically significant higher depression scores and lower HRQL scores on the physical domain during pregnancy than those without complications. Women with hypertensive disorders showed the second most depressive symptoms. Physical and global HRQL improved and depressive symptoms decreased significantly from late pregnancy and early postpartum period to late postpartum. Pregnant specific health problems, especially the risk for preterm delivery is associated with more depressive symptoms and decreased HRQL in pregnancy. Guidance and communication for these women is important. The counseling should be multi professional to reduce childbirth burdens.
Fetal distress during labour in diabetic pregnancy.; The frequency of fetal distress in labour was studied in 46 diabetic women and in 46 non-diabetic matched controls. Fetal distress was assessed by electronic fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring and fetal scalp blood pH determinations in late first stage of labour. Ominous FHR and/or low pH (less than 7.26) was more common in the diabetic group than in the control group (17.4% and 10.9%, respectively) but the difference was not statistically significant. The frequency of caesarean section and low Apgar score at 1 min was significantly higher in the diabetic group (P less than 0.05). There was no correlation between maternal blood glucose regulation and the occurrence of fetal distress in the diabetic group. The results suggest that fetal distress may be slightly more common in labour in diabetic women compared with controls managed in a similar way. Careful FHR monitoring and liberal use of fetal scalp blood pH determinations is recommended.
Increased muscularization of small pulmonary arteries in preterm infants of diabetic mothers: a morphometric study in noninflated, noninjected, routinely fixed lungs.; We attempted to identify a structural correlate of the pulmonary hypertension observed in newborn infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) by performing a morphometric analysis of pulmonary arteries at the transition of terminal to respiratory bronchiolus (TRB) in postmortem lungs of 20 IDM and 14 control infants. Although there was no readily apparent microscopic difference between the lungs of newborn IDM and controls, the degree of muscularization, as measured by mean medial area (MMA) of 10 TRB arteries, was significantly greater in preterm IDM (gestational age < or = 37 weeks) than in age-matched controls (502 versus 341 microns 2; P = .0038). Among infants of gestational age > 37 weeks, there was no significant difference between MMA in IDM (508 microns 2) and MMA in controls (598 microns 2). These findings point at an accelerated muscularization of the TRB arteries in IDM, apparent early in the third trimester. The pathogenesis of this hypermuscularization is not understood, but smooth muscle growth promoters such as insulin may play a role. The abnormal timing of TRB artery muscularization could be a manifestation of the basic disturbance in development that contributes to the pulmonary hypertension observed in newborn IDM and to the respiratory difficulties commonly experienced by these infants.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia-induced inflammatory signalling via the receptor for advanced glycation end products in the cardiac muscle of the infants of diabetic mother rats.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk to the health of the mother and her offspring. In particular, the infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) exhibit elevated levels of preterm birth, macrosomia, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, and cardiomyopathy. We have previously reported that IDMs showed abnormalities in cardiac Akt-related insulin signalling, and that these deficiencies in Akt-related signalling were attenuated by supplementing the maternal diet with fish-oil. Herein, we investigated whether the eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) found in fish oil can be used to attenuate diabetes associated impairments in cardiomyocyte signalling. METHODS: Pregnant diabetic rats were administered streptozotocin before receiving EPA or water, and their infants were designated IDM/EPA, IDM/W. We assessed the potential molecular pathway for this effect in the primary cardiac cell from newborn rat hearts. RESULTS: Insulin resistance as determined by diminished GLUT4 translocation following insulin stimulation, the levels of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) and reactive oxygen species were elevated in the neonatal hearts of IDM/W compared with that seen in the offspring born from non-diabetic control animals. Similarly, the receptor of AGEs (RAGE) mRNA levels, reactive oxygen species and the amount of nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), and interleukin 6 (IL-6) mRNA were higher in the hearts from the IDM/W when compared to that observed in the hearts of offspring born to non-diabetic animals. These deleterious effects of gestational diabetes were significantly decreased in the offspring of diabetic mothers receiving EPA supplementation. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, our data suggest that the EPA in fish oil may improve the impaired signalling and the excessive protein glycation in the cardiac muscles of infants exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia.
The risk of complications in second pregnancy by maternal BMI: The role of first-pregnancy complications, pregestational diabetes and chronic hypertension.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of several pregnancy complications. In the second pregnancy, previous pregnancy and other medical history provide additional information about individual morbidity risk. In this study, we assess the risk of pregnancy complications in the second pregnancy by maternal body mass index (BMI) and evaluate how first-pregnancy complications and preexisting conditions modify these associations. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We have used nationwide data on all women (n = 48 963) experiencing their first and second pregnancy between 2006 and 2013 in Finland. The associations between the full scale of maternal BMI and pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) were analyzed using logistic regression and restricted cubic spline regression models and interactions between BMI and first-pregnancy complications, pregestational diabetes or chronic hypertension were tested. RESULTS: The risk of pregnancy complications increased with adiposity. Unadjusted probability of second-pregnancy gestational diabetes with BMI of 25 kg/m(2) was 56% and 8.4% among women with and without first-pregnancy gestational diabetes, respectively. The corresponding figures with BMI of 30 kg/m(2) were 64% and 17%. Adjusted odds ratio (OR) (95% CI) for second-pregnancy gestational diabetes with BMI of 25 kg/m(2) was 45 (34-59) and 3.3 (2.6-4.0) among women with and without first-pregnancy gestational diabetes, respectively, when compared with women with BMI of 20 kg/m(2) and no first-pregnancy gestational diabetes. Adjusted OR (95% CI) for second-pregnancy gestational hypertension among women with BMI of 25 kg/m(2) was 42 (26-66) and 2.3 (1.4-3.8) among women with and without first-pregnancy hypertensive disorder, respectively, when compared with women with BMI of 20 kg/m(2) and no first-pregnancy hypertensive disorder. The risk of preeclampsia increased with adiposity independent of first-pregnancy complications. Pregestational diabetes or chronic hypertension did not modify the association between adiposity and any of the second-pregnancy complications. CONCLUSIONS: As maternal BMI increases, the risk of complications increases in the second pregnancy. The risk of gestational diabetes and hypertension is, however, highest among women with complications in the first pregnancy.
Nitric oxide, cGMP and cAMP modulate nitrobenzylthioinosine-sensitive adenosine transport in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells from subjects with gestational diabetes.; Adenosine transport was characterized in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells isolated from non-diabetic and diabetic pregnant subjects. Transport of adenosine was mediated by a Na+-independent transport system inhibited by nanomolar concentrations of nitrobenzylthioinosine (NBMPR) in both cell types. Diabetes increased adenosine transport, an effect that was associated with a higher maximal velocity (Vmax) for NBMPR-sensitive (es) saturable nucleoside transport (18 +/- 2 vs. 61 +/- 3 pmol (microgram protein)-1 min-1, P < 0.05) and the maximal number of binding sites (Bmax) for specific [3H]NBMPR binding (74 +/- 4 vs. 156 +/- 10 pmol (microgram protein)-1, P < 0.05), with no significant changes in the Michaelis-Menten (Km) and dissociation (Kd) constants, respectively. Adenosine transport was unaltered by inhibition of nitric oxide (NO) synthase (with 100 microM NG-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester, L-NAME) or protein synthesis (with 1 microM cycloheximide), but was increased by inhibition of adenylyl cyclase activity (with 100 microM, SQ-22536) in non-diabetic cells. Diabetes-induced adenosine transport was blocked by L-NAME and associated with an increase in L-[3H]citrulline formation from L-[3H]arginine and intracellular cGMP, but with a decrease in intracellular cAMP compared with non-diabetic cells. Expression of inducible NO synthase (iNOS) was unaltered by diabetes. Dibutyryl cGMP (dbcGMP) increased, but dibutyryl cAMP (dbcAMP) decreased, adenosine transport in non-diabetic cells. dbcGMP or the NO donor S-nitrosoacetylpenicillamine (SNAP, 100 microM) did not alter the diabetes-elevated adenosine transport. However, activation of adenylyl cyclase with forskolin (1 microM), directly or after incubation of cells with dbcAMP, inhibited adenosine transport in both cell types. Our findings provide the first evidence that adenosine transport in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells is mediated by the NBMPR-sensitive transport system es, and that its activity is upregulated by gestational diabetes.
Women with pre-gestational diabetes have a higher risk of stillbirth at all gestations after 32 weeks.; AIM: To explore the additional risk of stillbirths and to quantify that risk according to gestational age among women with diabetes. METHODS: Data on pregnancies ending in 2007 and 2008 in women with pre-gestational diabetes in three English regional audits were identified. A prospective audit collected data on all pregnancies delivering between June 2010 and May 2011 in one region and in 13 other units across England. The data on all singleton pregnancies from these two cohorts were combined. Comparisons were made to all births in England and Wales for the same time period using data from the Office for National Statistics. RESULTS: In the cohort of women with pre-gestational diabetes there were a total of 2085 singleton pregnancies, of which 29 resulted in a stillbirth (overall stillbirth rate 13.9 per 1000, 95% CI 9.7-19.9, relative risk compared with all pregnancies in England and Wales 2.73, 95% CI 2.61-2.84). The relative risk of stillbirth between 32 and 34 weeks' gestation was 4.95 (95% CI 4.24-5.78), 3.77 (95% CI 3.42-4.16) at 35 to 36 weeks, 5.75 (95% CI 5.43-6.09) for deliveries at 37 or 38 weeks and 7.34 (95% CI 6.52-8.25) for those born at 39 weeks or more. CONCLUSION: Women with diabetes have a significantly higher risk of stillbirth at all gestations after 32 weeks and this additional risk is not just confined to pregnancies at 37 weeks or more.
Accelerated diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy--a real and present danger.; A 36 year-old Malay lady with diabetes mellitus in pregnancy and poorly controlled hypertension developed rapid progression of diabetic retinopathy from no retinopathy to florid proliferative retinopathy over three months in her right eye. She had subsequent loss of vision due to vitreous haemorrhage in the peri-partum period. She had good final visual acuity with quiescent retinopathy following pars planar vitrectomy. A similar course was avoided in the left eye by timely pan retinal photocoagulation.
Risk of Pregnancy-Associated Stroke Across Age Groups in New York State.; IMPORTANCE: Older age is associated with increased risk of pregnancy-associated stroke (PAS). Data are limited on age-specific incidence ratios of PAS compared with stroke risk in nonpregnant women. OBJECTIVES: To assess the risk of stroke by age group in pregnant and postpartum women compared with their nonpregnant contemporaries and to compare risk factors across age groups in the exposed (pregnant/postpartum) and unexposed (nonpregnant) populations. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, billing codes from the calendar year 2003-2012 New York State Department of Health inpatient database and population data were used to identify all women aged 12 to 55 years with cerebrovascular events, including transient ischemic attack, ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, cerebral venous thrombosis, and nonspecified PAS. The cumulative incidence of PAS per 100 000 pregnant/postpartum women vs nonpregnancy-associated stroke (NPAS) per 100 000 women in age cohorts of 24 years or younger, 25 to 34, 35 to 44, and 45 years or older was calculated. Risk factors between groups were compared using logistic regression models. The study included data from calendar years 2003 through 2012. Data analysis was performed from July 11, 2015, to July 16, 2016. EXPOSURES: Pregnancy, including the postpartum period up to 6 weeks after delivery. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Incidence risk ratios (IRRs) for stroke per age cohort, defined as cumulative risk of stroke in the exposed population divided by cumulative risk of stroke in the unexposed population, were determined, and stroke risk factors and mortality were compared between populations. RESULTS: There were 19 146 women hospitalized with stroke during the study period; 797 of the women were pregnant/post partum. The overall median (interquartile range) age of the women was 31 (25-35) years in those with PAS and 48 (41-52) years in those with NPAS. The incidence of PAS in women aged 12 to 24 years was 14 events per 100 000 pregnant/postpartum women vs NPAS incidence of 6.4 per 100 000 nonpregnant women (IRR, 2.2; 95% CI, 1.9-2.6); for ages 25 to 34 years, 21.2 per 100 000 vs 13.5 per 100 000 (IRR, 1.6; 95% CI, 1.4-1.7); for ages 35 to 44 years, 33 per 100 000 vs 31 per 100 000 (IRR, 1.1; 95% CI, 0.9-1.2); and for ages 45 to 55 years, 46.9 per 100 000 vs 73.7 per 100 000 (IRR, 0.6; 95% CI, 0.3-1.4). PAS accounted for 18% of strokes in women younger than 35 years vs 1.4% of strokes in women aged 35 to 55 years. Women in the NPAS group vs the PAS group had more vascular risk factors, including chronic hypertension (age <35 years: 437 [15.7%] vs 60 [9.8%], P < .001; age 35-55 years: 7573 [48.6%] vs 36 [19.3%], P < .001), diabetes (age <35 years: 103 [3.7%] vs 9 [1.5%], P = .002; age 35-55 years: 2618 [16.8%] vs 12 [6.4%], P < .001), and active smoking (age <35 years: 315 [11.3%] vs 29 [4.8%], P < .001; age 35-55 years: 2789 [17.9%] vs 10 [5.3%], P < .001); and had higher mortality (age <35 years: 288 [11.3%] vs 37 [6.5%], P < .001; age 35-55 years: 2121 [13.4%] vs 14 [6.1%], P < .001). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Younger women, but not older women, have an increased stroke risk during pregnancy and post partum compared with their nonpregnant contemporaries. These results suggest that pregnancy does not increase the risk of stroke in older women.
Preventing diabetic retinopathy through control of systemic factors.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Diabetic retinopathy (DR), the leading cause of vision loss in working-age adults, is associated with many systemic factors that contribute to the severity and progression of this disease. Intensive glycemic and blood pressure control has been shown to delay both the onset and progression of diabetic retinopathy. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies involving angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors are currently underway to elucidate the efficacy of these drugs in further reducing the progression of diabetic retinopathy by means other than just hypertensive control. Dyslipidemia is associated with macular exudates and vision loss. Anticoagulation with aspirin is neither contraindicated in diabetics nor associated with prevention or progression of diabetic retinopathy. The effects of smoking on diabetic retinopathy are equivocal. Pregnancy may be associated with the progression of diabetic retinopathy in the absence of long-term effects if serum glucose levels are well monitored and controlled prior to and during pregnancy. SUMMARY: Genetic research is providing more insight into the pathogenesis and mechanisms of diabetic retinopathy, allowing possible identification of those at higher risk for developing diabetic retinopathy.
Vitamins C and E improve rat embryonic antioxidant defense mechanism in diabetic culture medium.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes teratogenicity seems to be related to embryonic oxidative stress and the extent of the embryonic damage can apparently be reduced by antioxidants. We have studied the mechanism by which antioxidants, such as vitamins C and E, reduce diabetes-induced embryonic damage. We therefore compared the antioxidant capacity of 10.5-day-old rat embryos and their yolk sacs cultured for 28h in diabetic culture medium with or without vitamins C and E. METHODS: The embryos were cultured in 90% rat serum to which 2mg/ml glucose, 2mg/ml beta hydroxy butyrate (BHOB) and 10 microg/ml of acetoacetate were added. Rat embryos were also cultured in a diabetic medium with 25 microg/ml of vitamin E and 50 microg/ml of vitamin C. Control embryos were cultured in normal rat serum with or without vitamins C and E. RESULTS: Decreased activity of Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase (SOD) and of catalase (CAT) in the "diabetic" embryos and their yolk sacs, and reduced concentrations of low molecular weight antioxidant (LMWA) were found. Under these conditions we also found a decrease in vitamin C and vitamin E concentrations in the embryos, as measured by HPLC. In situ hybridization for SOD mRNA showed a marked reduction of SOD mRNA in the brain, spinal cord, heart and liver of embryos cultured in diabetic medium in comparison to controls. Following the addition of vitamins C and E to the diabetic culture medium, SOD and CAT activity, the concentrations of LMWA, the levels of vitamin C and E and the expression of SOD mRNA in the embryos and yolk sacs returned to normal. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic metabolic factors seem to have a direct effect on embryonic SOD gene and perhaps genes of other antioxidant enzymes, reducing embryonic endogenous antioxidant defense mechanism. This in turn may cause a depletion of the LMWA, such as vitamins C and E. The addition of these vitamins normalizes the embryonic antioxidant defense mechanism, reducing the damage caused by the diabetic environment.
Fish Intake in Pregnancy and Offspring Metabolic Parameters at Age 9⁻16-Does Gestational Diabetes Modify the Risk?; Oily fish, an important source of marine n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA), has shown to reduce cardiometabolic risk in adults. Whether maternal fish intake affects offspring metabolic health is less established, especially among high-risk pregnancies. We aimed to examine the association of fish intake in pregnancy with offspring metabolic health who were either exposed or unexposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Our study included 1234 mother-offspring dyads (608 with a GDM index pregnancy and 626 control dyads) nested within the Danish National Birth Cohort, which is a prebirth cohort. Maternal seafood and marine n-3 LCPUFA consumption was quantified by a food frequency questionnaire (gestational week 25) and a sub-sample with interview data (weeks 12 and 30). The offspring were clinically examined at 9⁻16 years, including a Dual energy X-ray Absorptiometry (DXA) scan and a fasting blood sample. We calculated multivariable effect estimates and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for anthropometric, adiposity, and metabolic parameters. The median (IQR) intake of total seafood was 23(24) g/day. We found largely no association for total seafood and marine n-3 LCPUFA with offspring metabolic parameters in either group. Using interview data, GDM-exposed women reporting no fish in week 12 and 30 (versus intake >2 times/week) had offspring with a higher Body Mass Index (BMI) (ratio of geometric means (RGM): 1.28, 95% CI: 1.06, 1.55), waist circumference (RGM: 1.22, 95% CI: 1.05, 1.40), triglycerides (RGM: 1.77, 95% CI: 1.03, 3.03), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance HOMA-IR (RGM: 2.16, 95% CI: 1.17, 3.97). We found no associations of n-3 LCPUFA and seafood intake with offspring metabolic outcomes. However, GDM-exposed women who consistently reported eating no fish had offspring with a poorer metabolic profile. Fish intake in pregnancy may mitigate some adverse effects of intrauterine hyperglycemia, however, these findings need replication in better powered studies.
Acromegaly and pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the association between acromegaly and pregnancy in terms of disease activity, maternal and fetal outcomes. METHODS: This systematic review was conducted according to the Joanna Briggs Institute methodology for systematic reviews of etiology and risk. We focused on observational studies that included pregnant women with acromegaly. The outcomes were acromegaly activity, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, hypertension, eclampsia/preeclampsia, miscarriage, perinatal mortality, low birthweight, small for gestational age, and congenital malformations. Embase, Medline, LILACS, and CENTRAL were our source databases. To perform proportional meta-analyses, we used Stata Statistical Software 17. RESULTS: Nineteen studies were included encompassing a total of 273 pregnancies in 211 women with acromegaly. The overall frequency of control of acromegaly during pregnancy was 62%, and of tumor growth was 9%. No fetal or maternal deaths were reported. The overall frequency of worsening of previous diabetes or development of gestational diabetes was 9%, and of previous hypertension or preeclampsia/eclampsia was 6%. The overall frequency of premature labor was 9% [from 17 studies of 263 pregnancies; 95% confidence interval (CI), 5-13%]; of spontaneous miscarriage was 4% (from 19 studies of 273 pregnancies; 95% CI, 2-11%); of small for gestational age was 5% (from 15 studies of 216 newborns; 95% CI, 3-9%); and of congenital malformations was 1% (from 18 studies of 240 newborns; 95% CI, 0-7%). CONCLUSION: Pregnancy in women with acromegaly is frequently associated with disease control and is safe in relation to fetal and maternal outcomes, as in women without acromegaly.
Urinary estriol for assessment of fetoplacental function.; A total of 1,607 urinary estriol determinations were performed in 447 patients with normal and complicated pregnancies. In general, the test provided reliable information concerning fetal status, particularly in pregnancies complicated by toxemia, diabetes, and postmaturity. When measured consecutively, a drop of 50% or more in estriol level usually should be considered a significant index of fetal distress. Limitations of the test and several compensatory measures aimed at minimizing inaccuracy are discussed.
Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome: Prenatal consequences of Ras/MAPK dysregulation.; We systematically delineated the prenatal phenotype, and obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of the RASopathy cardio-facio-cutaneous (CFC) syndrome. A comprehensive, retrospective medical history survey was distributed to parents of children with confirmed CFC in collaboration with CFC International, Inc. Data were collected on CFC gene variant, maternal characteristics, pregnancy course, delivery, and neonatal outcomes with the support of medical records. We identified 43 individuals with pathogenic variants in BRAF (81%), MEK1 (14%), or MEK2 (5%) genes. The median age was 8.5 years. Hyperemesis gravidarum, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia occurred in 5/43 (12%), 4/43 (9%), 3/43 (7%), and 3/43 (7%) of pregnancies, respectively. Second and third trimester ultrasound abnormalities included polyhydramnios, macrocephaly, macrosomia, and renal and cardiac abnormalities. Delivery occurred via spontaneous vaginal, operative vaginal, or cesarean delivery in 15/42 (36%), 7/42 (16%), and 20/42 (48%), respectively. Median gestational age at delivery was 37 weeks and median birth weight was 3501 grams. Germline pathogenic vaiants had mutiple congenital consequences including polyhydramnios, renal and cardiac abnormalities, macrosomia, and macrocephaly on second and third trimester ultrasound. Elevated rates of operative delivery and neonatal complications were also noted. Understanding and defining a prenatal phenotype may improve prenatal prognostic counseling and outcomes.
[Comparison of the effect of different diagnostic criteria of subclinical hypothyroidism and positive TPO-Ab on pregnancy outcomes].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the effect of different diagnositic criteria of subclinical hypothyroidism using thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) and positive thyroid peroxidase antibodies (TPO-Ab) on the pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: 3 244 pregnant women who had their antenatal care and delivered in Child and Maternity Health Hospital of Shannxi Province August from 2011 to February 2013 were recruited prospectively. According to the standard of American Thyroid Association (ATA), pregnant women with normal serum free thyroxine (FT4) whose serum TSH level> 2.50 mU/L were diagnosed as subclinical hypothyroidism in pregnancy (foreign standard group). According to the Guideline of Diagnosis and Therapy of Prenatal and Postpartum Thyroid Disease made by Chinese Society of Endocrinology and Chinese Society of Perinatal Medicine in 2012, pregnant women with serum TSH level> 5.76 mU/L, and normal FT4 were diagnosed as subclinical hypothyroidism in pregnancy(national standard group). Pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism whose serum TSH levels were between 2.50-5.76 mU/L were referred as the study observed group; and pregnant women with serum TSH level< 2.50 mU/L and negative TPO- Ab were referred as the control group. Positive TPO-Ab results and the pregnancy outcomes were analyzed. RESULTS: (1) There were 635 cases in the foreign standard group, with the incidence of 19.57% (635/3 244). And there were 70 cases in the national standard group, with the incidence of 2.16% (70/3 244). There were statistically significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.01). There were 565 cases in the study observed group, with the incidence of 17.42% (565/3 244). There was statistically significant difference (P < 0.01) when compared with the national standard group; while there was no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05) when compared with the foreign standard group. (2) Among the 3 244 cases, 402 cases had positive TPO-Ab. 318 positive cases were in the foreign standard group, and the incidence of subclinical hypothyroidism was 79.10% (318/402). There were 317 negative cases in the foreign standard group, with the incidence of 11.15% (317/2 842). The difference was statistically significant (P < 0.01) between them. In the national standard group, 46 cases had positive TPO-Ab, with the incidence of 11.44% (46/402), and 24 cases had negative result, with the incidence of 0.84% (24/2 842). There were statistically significant difference (P < 0.01) between them. In the study observed group, 272 cases were TPO-Ab positive, with the incidence of 67.66% (272/402), and 293 cases were negative, with the incidence of 10.31% (293/2 842), the difference was statistically significant (P < 0.01). (3) The incidence of miscarriage, premature delivery, gestational hypertension disease, gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM)in the foreign standard group had statistically significant differences (P < 0.05) when compared with the control group, respectively. While there was no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05) in the incidence of placental abruption or fetal distress. And the incidence of miscarriage, premature delivery, gestational hypertension disease, GDM in the national standard group had statistical significant difference (P < 0.05) compared with the control group, respectively. While there was no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05) in the incidence of placental abruption or fetal distress. This study observed group of pregnant women's abortion, gestational hypertension disease, GDM incidence respectively compared with control group, the difference had statistical significance (P < 0.05); but in preterm labor, placental abruption, and fetal distress incidence, there were no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05). (4) The incidence of miscarriage, premature delivery, gestational hypertension disease, GDM, placental abruption, fetal distress in the TPO-Ab positive cases of the national standard group showed an increase trend when compared with TPO-Ab negative cases, with no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05). The incidence of gestational hypertension disease and GDM in the TPO-Ab positive cases of the study observed group had statistical significance difference (P < 0.05) when compared with TPO-Ab negative cases; while the incidence of miscarriage, premature birth, placental abruption, fetal distress had no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05). The incidence of gestational hypertension disease and GDM in the TPO-Ab positive cases had statistically significance difference when compared with TPO-Ab negtive cases of foreign standard group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: (1) The incidence of subclinical hypothyroidism is rather high during early pregnancy and can lead to adverse pregnancy outcome. (2) Positive TPO-Ab result has important predictive value of the thyroid dysfunction and GDM. (3) Relatively, the ATA standard of diagnosis (serum TSH level> 2.50 mU/L) is safer for the antenatal care; the national standard (serum TSH level> 5.76 mU/L) is not conducive to pregnancy management.
Metabolomic insights into maternal and neonatal complications in pregnancies affected by type 1 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Type 1 diabetes in pregnancy is associated with suboptimal pregnancy outcomes, attributed to maternal hyperglycaemia and offspring hyperinsulinism (quantifiable by cord blood C-peptide). We assessed metabolomic patterns associated with risk factors (maternal hyperglycaemia, diet, BMI, weight gain) and perinatal complications (pre-eclampsia, large for gestational age [LGA], neonatal hypoglycaemia, hyperinsulinism) in the Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Women with Type 1 Diabetes in Pregnancy Trial (CONCEPTT). METHODS: A total of 174 CONCEPTT participants gave ≥1 non-fasting serum sample for the biorepository at 12 gestational weeks (147 women), 24 weeks (167 women) and 34 weeks (160 women) with cord blood from 93 infants. Results from untargeted metabolite analysis (ultrahigh performance LC-MS) are presented as adjusted logistic/linear regression of maternal and cord blood metabolites, risk factors and perinatal complications using a modified Bonferroni limit of significance for dependent variables. RESULTS: Maternal continuous glucose monitoring time-above-range (but not BMI or excessive gestational weight gain) was associated with increased triacylglycerols in maternal blood and increased carnitines in cord blood. LGA, adiposity, neonatal hypoglycaemia and offspring hyperinsulinism showed distinct metabolite profiles. LGA was associated with increased carnitines, steroid hormones and lipid metabolites, predominantly in the third trimester. However, neonatal hypoglycaemia and offspring hyperinsulinism were both associated with metabolite changes from the first trimester, featuring triacylglycerols or dietary phenols. Pre-eclampsia was associated with increased abundance of phosphatidylethanolamines, a membrane phospholipid, at 24 weeks. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Altered lipid metabolism is a key pathophysiological feature of type 1 diabetes pregnancy. New strategies for optimising maternal diet and insulin dosing from the first trimester are needed to improve pregnancy outcomes in type 1 diabetes.
Idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy: analysis of 152 necropsy patients.; Certain clinical and cardiac necropsy findings are described in 152 patients aged 16 to 78 years (mean 45) with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy: 109 (72%) were men and 43 (28%) were women. Compared with the women, the men had a significantly (p less than 0.05) shorter mean duration of chronic congestive heart failure (CHF) (43 vs 69 months), a higher percentage of habitual alcoholism (40 vs 24%) and a higher mean heart weight (632 vs 551 g). The male to female ratio among the 58 known alcoholics was 7.3:1 and among the 70 known nonalcoholics, 1.5:1 (p less than 0.05). The mean duration of clinical evidence of CHF was similar among the known alcoholics and the known non-alcoholics (each 50 months). Of the 152 patients, 148 (97%) had clinical evidence of chronic CHF; in 114 patients it was the initial manifestation of idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy, and in most it became intractable and caused death. The interval from onset of chronic CHF to death (known in 120 patients) ranged from 1 to 264 months (mean 54). Comparison of the 27 patients surviving greater than 72 months after onset of chronic CHF to the 64 patients surviving less than or equal to 36 months disclosed a significantly higher frequency in the longer survival group of older patients, of women, of habitual alcoholics, of patients with chest pain syndromes, diabetes mellitus, pulmonary emboli, of patients treated with warfarin and of patients with larger hearts at necropsy. Each of the 4 patients without chronic CHF died suddenly and sudden death was the initial manifestation of idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy in them. An additional 33 patients also died suddenly, but each of them previously had had chronic CHF. Of the 79 patients (of the 131 for whom information was available) with either pulmonary or systemic emboli or both, 67 (85%) had either right- or left-sided thrombi or mural endocardial plaques or both, whereas of the 52 patients without emboli, 36 (69%) had intracardiac thrombi or plaques (p less than (0.05). Electrocardiograms in the last 6 months of life in 101 patients disclosed atrial fibrillation in 25; complete left (41 patients) or right (6 patients) bundle branch block or indeterminate intraventricular conduction delay (4 patients) in 51 patients; QRS voltage indicative of ventricular hypertrophy in 44 patients (left ventricular in 39 patients.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
[Risk management of coronary heart disease-prevention].; Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of death worldwide and is responsible for 45% of deaths in the western world and 24.5% of deaths in the developing countries. In the 21st century these diseases will continue to dominate the disease spectrum and death statistics in both the industrialised and developing worlds. Since 1975 mortality from cardiovascular disease has decreased by about 24 to 28% in most countries. About 45% of this reduction can be attributed to an improvement in treatment of coronary heart disease and around 55% are attributable to a reduction in risk factors, in particular, stopping smoking and control of hypertension. However, especially in the case of ischaemic heart disease, it is not clear whether the reduction in mortality reflects a reduction in incidence of this disease. Due to the aging population and the reduction in age-related mortality, it is expected that the absolute number of people with heart disease will increase. Furthermore, the increase in prevalence of obesity, metabolic syndrome, type II diabetes as well as the higher prevalence of female smokers compared with thirty years ago could result in an increase in mortality over the next years and decades. It has been shown that prevention strategies, such as education campaigns aimed at the general public, can potentially greatly contribute to a reduction in incidence of cardiovascular disease at every stage. In order for such campaigns to be effective, it is necessary to understand and reduce the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. A large proportion of these risk factors are associated with lifestyle and are therefore modifiable. These modifiable risk factors include smoking, hypertension, poor diet, dyslipidemia, lack of exercise, overweight, adiposity and diabetes mellitus and optimisation of these should be a key aim for all adults. Gender differences also play a role in the incidence and prevention of cardiovascular disease. Incidence of myocardial infarction in women increases significantly after the menopause, and mortality through coronary heart disease is higher amongst women than men. Hormonal status, use of oral contraceptives and pregnancy all influence risk for cardiovascular disease in women. Due to the enormity of the problem that cardiovascular disease presents to society and the great potential for management of risk factors for cardiovascular disease through preventive medicine, a number of health promotion and prevention programmes have been initiated by various national and global organisations. This paper presents an analysis of modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease together with a review of targeted prevention programmes aiming at reducing these risks.
Serum insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and leptin levels are related to abdominal aortic intima-media thickness in macrosomic newborns.; OBJECTIVE: Exposure to diabetes in utero has been established as a significant risk factor for some of the components of metabolic syndrome, and was associated with increased levels of maternal, placental, and fetal insulin-like growth factors and leptin. The atherogenic effects of leptin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) have been extensively described. The present study was therefore designed to investigate relationships between abdominal aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), serum IGF-I, IGF binding protein-3 (IGFBP-3) and leptin levels in macrosomic newborns. DESIGN: Neonates whose birth weights exceed 90th percentile for gestational age and gender are termed macrosomic. Abdominal aortic intima-media thickness was measured in 30 macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers (group A), 30 macrosomic neonates of healthy mothers (group B) and 30 healthy neonates (group C). Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and leptin levels were determined in all infants and their mothers. Stepwise logistic regression analysis was used to determine independent risk factors for aortic intima-media thickness. RESULTS: Mean aortic intima-media thickness was significantly higher in groups A and B (0.489+/-0.015,0.466+/-0.019 mm, respectively) than in controls (0.375+/-0.024 mm, p<0.0001). Weight-adjusted aortic intima-media thickness was significantly higher in-group A than in groups B (p=0.004) and C (p=0.048). Serum leptin concentration in-group B (37.4+/-10.7 ng/ml) was significantly greater than in-group C (23.5+/-7.1 ng/ml, p<0.0001), but significantly lower than in-group A (46.6+/-14.1 ng/ml, p<0.0001). Serum IGF-I levels of the infants were significantly lower in-group C (113.2+/-33.1 ng/ml) than in groups A and B (205.2+/-60.1 and 179.3+/-55.1 ng/ml respectively, p<0.0001). Serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and leptin levels of the infants were positively correlated with mean (p<0.0001) and weight-adjusted aortic intima-media thickness measurements (p=0.003, p=0.006 and p=0.001, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers have significantly increased aortic intima-media thickness with higher serum IGF-I, IGFBP-3 and leptin concentrations than those of controls. It might be speculated that these changes may exaggerate the atherosclerotic process later in life.
When is primary cesarean appropriate: fetal indications.; The objective of this review was to assess the evidence that supports cesarean delivery for fetal indications. The main fetal reasons for abdominal delivery include abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in labor, malpresentation, fetal macrosomia, multiple gestation, and both functional and structural fetal abnormalities. Although the level of evidence is not as strong as anticipated, there is sufficient support for cesarean delivery when these fetal conditions complicate pregnancy. Efforts to decrease cesarean delivery for fetal indications in the current medicolegal environment will not be easy; however, the development of more sensitive tools to assess fetal well-being in labor and practices to deliver or reduce fetuses in breech presentation at term have the potential for greatest impact on the overall primary cesarean delivery rate.
Cerebral lesions of mature newborn due to perinatal hypoxia. II. Mother's diseases.; The influence of chronic intrapregnancy hypoxia caused by mother's diseases (toxemia, gravidarum, hypochromic anemia, diabetes) on the brain of a mature newborn has been investigated. Besides the vast damages of the parieto-occipital cortex, Ammon's horn (entorhinal) motor and insula cortex there were also some damages of the cerebellum and the brain stem cells. The damages of the cells in the brain stem seem to be one of the causes of the abnormal perinatal adaption.
Comparing 24 h physical activity profiles: Office workers, women with a history of gestational diabetes and people with chronic disease condition(s).; This study demonstrates a novel data-driven method of summarising accelerometer data to profile physical activity in three diverse groups, compared with cut-point determined moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA). GGIR was used to generate average daily acceleration, intensity gradient, time in MVPA and MX metrics (acceleration above which the most active X-minutes accumulate) from wrist-worn accelerometer data from three datasets: office-workers (OW, N = 697), women with a history of post-gestational diabetes (PGD, N = 267) and adults with ≥1 chronic disease (CD, N = 1,325). Average acceleration and MVPA were lower in CD, but not PGD, relative to OW (-5.2 mg and -30.7 minutes, respectively, P < 0.001). Both PGD and CD had poorer intensity distributions than OW (P < 0.001). Application of a cut-point to the M30 showed 7%, 17% and 28%, of OW, PGD and CD, respectively, accumulated 30 minutes of brisk walking per day. Radar plots showed OW had higher overall activity than CD. The relatively poor intensity distribution of PGD, despite similar overall activity to OW, was due to accumulation of more light and less higher intensity activity. These data-driven methods identify aspects of activity that differ between groups, which may be missed by cut-point methods alone. Abbreviations: CD: Adults with ≥1 chronic disease; mg: Milli-gravitational unit; MVPA: Moderate-to-vigorous physical activity; OW: Office workers; PGD: Women with a history of post-gestational diabetes; VPA: Vigorous physical activity.
Mothers with HIP - The short term and long-term impact, what is new?; Hyperglycemia is one of the most common medical conditions that women encounter during pregnancy and it is due to gestational diabetes (GDM) in the majority of cases (International Diabetes Federation, 2015) [1]. GDM is associated with a higher incidence of maternal morbidity in pregnancy in term of hypertensive disorders/preclampsia and higher rate of cesarean delivery but also with long-term risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy can therefore be considered a stress test; diagnosis of HIP can unmask a preexisting susceptibility and consequently a future risk for type 2 diabetes and can be a useful marker of future cardiovascular risk. Postpartum follow up provides an excellent opportunity to implement healthy lifestyle behaviors to prevent or delay the development of diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The aim of the current review is to focus on short and long term maternal morbidity of HIP.
The natural history of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers.; Eleven infants of diabetic mothers with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy have been followed for 30 to 40 months. All infants presented with cardiorespiratory distress and were found to have disproportionate septal hypertrophy on echocardiogram. Cardiac catheterization was done in four infants; three had significant subaortic obstruction. One infant had remarkable improvement after treatment with propranolol. Two infants who received digoxin did poorly and responded favorably to cessation of therapy. The natural history of HCM-IDM appears to be benign, with a resolution of symptoms within two to four weeks and a resolution of septal hypertrophy within two to 12 months. Most of the infants need only supportive care; if pharmacologic intervention is deemed necessary, propranolol appears to be the drug of choice. The natural history of this entity is that of spontaneous regression of symptoms and septal hypertrophy irrespective of therapy.
Role of adenosine transport in gestational diabetes-induced L-arginine transport and nitric oxide synthesis in human umbilical vein endothelium.; Gestational diabetes is associated with increased L-arginine transport and nitric oxide (NO) synthesis, and reduced adenosine transport in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). Adenosine increases endothelial L-arginine/NO pathway via A(2) purinoceptors in HUVEC from normal pregnancies. It is unknown whether the effect of gestational diabetes is associated with activation of these purinoceptors or altered expression of human cationic amino acid transporter 1 (hCAT-1) or human equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 (hENT1), or endothelial NO synthase (eNOS) in HUVEC. Cells were isolated from normal or gestational diabetic pregnancies and cultured up to passage 2. Gestational diabetes increased hCAT-1 mRNA expression (2.4-fold) and activity, eNOS mRNA (2.3-fold), protein level (2.1-fold), and phosphorylation (3.8-fold), but reduced hENT1 mRNA expression (32%) and activity. Gestational diabetes increased extracellular adenosine (2.7 microM), and intracellular L-arginine (1.9 mM) and L-citrulline (0.7 mM) levels compared with normal cells (0.05 microM, 0.89 mM, 0.35 mM, respectively). Incubation of HUVEC from normal pregnancies with 1 microM nitrobenzylthioinosine (NBMPR) mimicked the effect of gestational diabetes, but NBMPR was ineffective in diabetic cells. Gestational diabetes and NBMPR effects involved eNOS, PKC and p42/44(mapk) activation, and were blocked by the A(2a) purinoceptor antagonist ZM-241385. Thus, gestational diabetes increases the L-arginine/NO pathway involving activation of mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinases, protein kinase C (PKC) and NO cell signalling cascades following activation of A(2a) purinoceptors by extracellular adenosine. A functional relationship is proposed between adenosine transport and modulation of L-arginine transport and NO synthesis in HUVEC, which could be determinant in regulating vascular reactivity in diabetes mellitus.
Influence of maternal diabetes on basement membranes, type 2 cells, and capillaries in the developing rat lung.; To determine the effect of maternal diabetes on rat lung development, we studied the ultrastructure of the alveolar wall from the ninteenth day of gestation (term = 22 days) through the eighth postnatal day in fetal and neonatal rats of mothers with streptozotocin-induced diabetes. In normal fetal lung development, epithelial basement membranes develop large discontinuities beneath type 2 cells, through which cytoplasmic foot processes extend into the interstitium. Maternal diabetes delays the appearances of these epithelial basement membrane discontinuities and reduces the number of type 2 cell processes that penetrate it. These alterations in epithelial basement membrane are reversed after birth. There is no ultrastructural evidence of a delay in type 2 cell maturation as assessed by lamellar body volume density morphometry. Endothelial basement membranes, which are not present around the growing pulmonary capillary bed in the pseudoglandular lung, are seen late in normal gestation, primarily around capillaries forming the mature air-blood barrier. This development of endothelial basement membrane may be delayed in the fetuses of diabetic mothers and reflects a significant delay in the expansion of the pulmonary capillary network in these animals as assessed by morphometric volume density measurements. This effect on capillary growth is not reversed in the newborn animals through 8 days after birth. The summation of these effects indicates a generalized slowing of fetal lung development by maternal diabetes, some of which effects persist after birth and may continue to influence lung development during the period of postnatal alveolar septal growth.
The effects of established diabetes on the growth of the fetal liver and skin in the rat.; 1. The effects of uncontrolled maternal diabetes on the growth of the whole rat fetus and its liver and skin were studied over the last 4 days of gestation. 2. Smaller fetuses, with growth-retarded livers and skins, were consistently found between 18 and 21 days in the diabetic pregnancies. 3. The smaller diabetic livers and skins (i.e. combined epidermis and dermis) possessed lower protein, RNA and DNA contents, compared with the same fetal tissues from normal pregnancies. 4. The growth retardation of the livers in diabetic fetuses was attributed to fewer normally sized hepatic cells. 5. Whilst hepatic rates of protein synthesis (measured in vivo) remained largely unchanged, these were actually increased in the skin, compared with normal control tissues. 6. These findings point to an elevated rate of protein degradation in both diabetic tissues as the most likely cause of their retarded growth.
Comparison of the motor development of school-age children born to mothers with and without diabetes mellitus.; The objectives of this study were to examine the effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the long-term motor development of the offspring and to study possible correlations between glycemic control and motor development. We compared the motor development of 57 children, 5- to 12-years-of-age, born to 48 mothers with well-controlled diabetes, to the motor development of 57 control children matched by age, birth order, and parental socio-economic status. Children born to mothers with diabetes performed less well than controls in fine and gross motor functions on the Bruininks-Oseretsky Test of Motor Proficiency. A negative correlation existed between the test scores of the children whose mothers had diabetes and the severity of hyperglycemia as assessed by blood glycosylated hemoglobin levels and acetonuria. Motor ability of the children of mothers with diabetes had a high correlation with biological and environmental variables. These results suggest that diabetes during pregnancy may affect the developing brain, inducing long-term mild motor deficiency. The effects seem to result from the adverse effects of diabetic metabolic factors, and the effects correlate with the degree of diabetes control. The combination of metabolic functioning of women with diabetes and home environment may affect the motor development of their children.
Epworth sleepiness scale scores and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; PURPOSE: Snoring is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and Cesarean deliveries. The purpose of this study was to assess whether excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) assessed by Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) increases the risk of these complications further. METHODS: Following institutional review board approval and informed consent, English-speaking women in the immediate postpartum period were systematically selected and recruited. Women answered a survey that included questions regarding symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) using the multivariable apnea prediction index and excessive daytime sleepiness using ESS. Pregnancy and fetal outcomes were collected by review of medical records. Standard statistical analysis with multivariable logistic regression was performed. ESS was evaluated both as a continuous variable and with various cutoffs given that pregnant women are likely more sleepy at baseline than the general population. RESULTS: In patients who underwent planned Cesarean delivery, mean ESS was significantly higher than in those with uncomplicated vaginal delivery, even after adjusting for confounders (adjusted odds ratio (aOR), 1.08; 95 % CI, 1.01-1.15; p = 0.02). There was no significant association between EDS (defined as ESS of >10) and gestational diabetes or gestational hypertensive disorders in snorers or non snorers. However, a significant association with gestational diabetes was found in patients with an ESS of >16 compared to those with an ESS of ≤16, even after multiple adjustments (aOR, 6.82; 95 % CI, 1.19-39.27), but the number of subjects in an ESS of >16 category was small. CONCLUSIONS: There is an increased association between women with higher ESS and planned Cesarean delivery. Severe EDS was associated with gestational diabetes in pregnant women in a small sample size. Future studies in larger samples need to confirm the association of severe EDS and gestational diabetes and elucidate potential mechanisms of the links with adverse outcomes.
In utero treatment of fetal complete heart block with terbutaline. A case report.; BACKGROUND: Isolated fetal complete heart block is an uncommon finding, with a mortality rate of 20-30%. Various treatment modalities have been reported, with no consistent success. CASE: Fetal complete heart bock was diagnosed in a 30-year-old woman at 29 weeks' gestation. She had an elevated antinuclear antibody and anti-SSA antibody titer. Fetal cardiac decompensation was detected at 32 weeks. After a trial of intravenous isoproterenol without significant side effects, she was treated with oral terbutaline. An increase in the fetal ventricular rate and complete resolution of hydrops fetalis occurred. A male infant was delivered by cesarean section, at term, and underwent cardiac pacemaker implantation at 4 days of age. CONCLUSION: The treatment of fetal complete heart block is controversial. Premature delivery with cardiac pacing is associated with high morbidity and mortality. We report prenatal treatment with oral sympathomimetic medication, which allowed delivery to be delayed until term, with a successful outcome.
Ischemic stroke in young Asian women: risk factors, subtypes and outcome.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The objective of our study was to describe risk factors, mechanisms and outcome of young Asian women with ischemic stroke. METHODS: Twelve tertiary-care centers in 8 Asian countries participated. Women aged 15-45 years were included if they had an ischemic stroke supported by neuroimaging. Data on age, risk factor history, stroke mechanism and discharge status were collected. RESULTS: A total of 958 subjects were included, their mean age was 34 years. Large-vessel thrombosis comprised 24%, cerebral venous thrombosis 21%, cardioembolism 19% and small-vessel thrombosis 15%. The stroke risk factors included hypertension (29%), diabetes (14%), pregnancy (11%), valvular heart disease (10%) and cigarette smoking (3%). Anemia was found in 42%, and mortality was 4%; at discharge, 17% had modified Rankin score (mRS) >4 and 83% mRS 0-3. CONCLUSION: Unlike among Caucasians, large-vessel thrombosis, cerebral venous thrombosis and cardioembolism are common among young Asian women with stroke. A high proportion are pregnancy-related. More studies are needed.
Sleep disturbances during pregnancy and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; Sleep disturbances are highly prevalent in pregnancy and are frequently overlooked as a potential cause of significant morbidity. The association between sleep disturbances and pregnancy outcomes remains largely controversial and needs to be clarified to guide management. To evaluate the association between sleep disturbances and maternal complications and adverse fetal outcomes, we performed a systematic search of PubMed, Embase and Web of Science for English-language articles published from inception to March 6, 2020, including observational studies of pregnant women with and without sleep disturbances assessing the risk of obstetric complications in the antenatal, intrapartum or postnatal period, and neonatal complications. Data extraction was completed independently by two reviewers. We utilized the Newcastle-Ottawa Scales to assess the methodological quality of included studies and random-effect models to pool the associations. A total of 120 studies with 58,123,250 pregnant women were included. Sleep disturbances were assessed, including poor sleep quality, extreme sleep duration, insomnia symptoms, restless legs syndrome, subjective sleep-disordered breathing and diagnosed obstructive sleep apnea. Significant associations were found between sleep disturbances in pregnancy and a variety of maternal complications and adverse fetal outcomes. Overall sleep disturbances were significantly associated with pre-eclampsia (odds ratio = 2.80, 95% confidence interval: 2.38-3.30), gestational hypertension (1.74, 1.54-1.97), gestational diabetes mellitus (1.59, 1.45-1.76), cesarean section (1.47, 1.31-1.64), preterm birth (1.38, 1.26-1.51), large for gestational age (1.40, 1.11-1.77), and stillbirth (1.25, 1.08-1.45), but not small for gestational age (1.03, 0.92-1.16), or low birth weight (1.27, 0.98-1.64). Sleep disturbances were related to higher morbidities in pregnant women who are 30 y or older and overweight before pregnancy. The findings indicate that sleep disturbances, which are easily ignored and treatable for both pregnant women and clinical services, deserve more attention from health care providers during prenatal counseling and health care services.
Large Reduction in Adiponectin During Pregnancy Is Associated With Large-for-Gestational-Age Newborns.; CONTEXT: Fetuses exposed to an obese intrauterine environment are more likely to be born large-for-gestational age (LGA) and are at increased risk of obesity in childhood and cardiovascular disease and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus as adults, but which factors that influence the intrauterine environment is less clear. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between circulating levels of leptin and adiponectin, measured multiple times during pregnancy, and birth weight and prevalence of LGA or small-for-gestational-age infants. The association between birth weight and messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of adiponectin receptors and genes involved in nutrient transport in the placenta was also investigated. DESIGN: Population-based prospective cohort [substudy of the STORK study (STORe barn og Komplikasjoner, translated as Large Babies and Complications)] from 2001 to 2008. SETTING: University hospital. Patients or other participants: 300 women. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Oral glucose tolerance test was performed twice along with adiponectin and leptin levels measured four times during pregnancy. RESULTS: Circulating adiponectin was lower in mothers who gave birth to LGA offspring or had fetuses with high intrauterine abdominal circumference late in pregnancy. Adiponectin decreased most from early to late pregnancy in mothers who gave birth to LGA offspring, and the decrease was an independent predictor of birth weight. Adiponectin receptor 2 and system A amino acid transporter mRNA expression in placentas was negatively correlated with birth weight and was lower in placentas from LGA infants. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that maternal adiponectin may be an important predictor of fetal growth and birth weight, independent of body mass index and insulin resistance.
Vascular wall arachidonic acid metabolism and fetal growth in the pregnant STZ-induced diabetic rat.; In pregnant women with severe diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) may occur despite hyperglycemia. Uterine blood flow may be an important factor in this process. Using pregnant streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats (pregnant STZ-diabetic rats), we evaluated functional and morphological changes in the endothelium, as well as platelet thromboxane A2 (TXA) production and their influence on uterine blood flow. Decreased basal endothelial prostacyclin (PGI2) production as well as significant attenuation of the production response to stimulus was noted, suggesting an impairment of PGI2 production. In the platelet, TXA2 production was augmented, leading to a hypercoagulable state. Decreased myometrial blood flow was documented. Scanning electron microscopy (SEM) revealed definite morphological abnormality of the endothelial cells, probably affecting the permeability to molecules, a major endothelial function. Based on these data, the endothelial derangements suggested by SEM and arachidonic acid metabolism alterations may affect fetal growth in the severe pregnant diabetic through alterations in uterine blood flow.
Programming of growth, insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in offspring of late gestation diabetic rats.; ODM (offspring of diabetic mothers) have an increased risk of developing metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunction; however, few studies have focused on the susceptibility to disease in offspring of mothers developing diabetes during pregnancy. We developed an animal model of late gestation diabetic pregnancy and characterized metabolic and vascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin (50 mg/kg of body weight, intraperitoneally) in pregnant rats on gestational day 13 and was partially controlled by twice-daily injections of insulin. At 2 months of age, ODM had slightly better glucose tolerance than controls (P<0.05); however, by 6 months of age this trend had reversed. A euglycaemic-hyperinsulinamic clamp revealed insulin resistance in male ODM (P<0.05). In 6-8-month-old female ODM, aortas had significantly enhanced contractility in response to KCl, ET-1 (endothelin-1) and NA (noradrenaline). No differences in responses to ET-1 and NA were apparent with co-administration of L-NNA (NG-nitro-L-arginine). Relaxation in response to ACh (acetylcholine), but not SNP (sodium nitroprusside), was significantly impaired in female ODM. In contrast, males had no between-group differences in response to vasoconstrictors, whereas relaxation to SNP and ACh was greater in ODM compared with control animals. Thus the development of diabetes during pregnancy programmes gender-specific insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in adult offspring.
[The effect of vitamin D on pregnancy].; Vitamin D is a steroid hormone which plays an essential role in regulation of calcium metabolism. Many recent studies suggest that vitamin D is taking part in regulation of numerous physiological processes-glucose and neural metabolism, cardiovascular and sexual systems. Normal plasma levels of Vitamin D3 are needed for physiological development of pregnancy, normal skeletal mineralization of the fetal skeleton and lactation. Deficiency of vitamin D during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of serious complications like gestational diabetes and preeclampsia.
Day-and-Night Closed-Loop Insulin Delivery in a Broad Population of Pregnant Women With Type 1 Diabetes: A Randomized Controlled Crossover Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Despite advances in technology, optimal glucose control remains elusive and neonatal complications remain ubiquitous in type 1 diabetes (T1D) pregnancy. Our aim was to examine the safety, efficacy, and longer-term feasibility of day-and-night closed-loop insulin delivery. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We recruited 16 pregnant women (mean [SD]: age 32.8 [5.0] years, T1D duration 19.4 [10.2] years, HbA(1c) 8.0% [1.1], and BMI 26.6 [4.4] kg/m(2)) to an open-label, randomized, crossover trial. Participants completed 28 days of closed-loop and sensor-augmented pump (SAP) insulin delivery separated by a washout period. Afterward, participants could continue to use the closed-loop system up to 6 weeks postpartum. The primary end point was the proportion of time with glucose levels within the target range (63-140 mg/dL). RESULTS: The proportion of time with glucose levels within target was comparable during closed-loop and SAP insulin delivery (62.3 vs. 60.1% [95% CI -4.1 to 8.3]; P = 0.47). Mean glucose and time spent hyperglycemic >140 mg/dL also did not differ (131.4 vs. 131.4 mg/dL [P = 0.85] and 36.6 vs. 36.1% [P = 0.86], respectively). During closed-loop, fewer hypoglycemic episodes occurred (median 8 [range 1-17] vs. 12.5 [1-53] over 28 days; P = 0.04) and less time at <63 mg/dL (1.6 vs. 2.7%; P = 0.02). Hypoglycemia <50 mg/dL (0.24 vs. 0.47%; P = 0.03) and low blood glucose index (1.0 vs. 1.4; P = 0.01) were lower. Less nocturnal hypoglycemia (2300-0700 h) during closed-loop therapy (1.1 vs. 2.7%; P = 0.008) and a trend toward higher overnight time in target (67.7 vs. 60.6%; P = 0.06) were found. CONCLUSIONS: Closed-loop insulin delivery was associated with comparable glucose control and significantly less hypoglycemia than SAP therapy. Larger, longer-duration multicenter trials are now indicated to determine clinical efficacy of closed-loop insulin delivery in T1D pregnancy and the impact on neonatal outcomes.
[Analysis of risk factors for adverse perinatal outcomes in women with pancytopenia].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the pregnancy outcomes of women with pancytopenia and the risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes. METHODS: A total of 106 pregnant women with pancytopenia were admitted to Peking University People's Hospital from Jan. 2005 to Sep. 2014. The clinical data and the pregnancy outcomes were reviewed retrospectively to investigate the risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: (1 ) Eighty-four patients were found pancytopenia before pregnancy while 22 were found for the first time during pregnancy. Sixty-four patients were diagnosed as aplastic anemia; 30 as myelodysplastic syndrome; 2 as paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria; 4 as hypersplenism, and 1 as anti-phospholipid syndrome. Diagnoses of the remaining 5 patients were uncertain. (2) Sixty-nine patients received at least one time blood transfusion before delivery. (3) As for the complications, nine women developed gestational diabetes; twenty-two suffered severe preeclampsia (SPE); two were diagnosed as anemic heart disease and three experienced respiratory tract infection. The postpartum blood loss ranged from 50 ml to 3 800 ml, with the median of 400 ml. And six women had the blood loss more than 1 000 ml. The gestational age at delivery ranged from 24 weeks to 40 weeks, with the median of 37.0 weeks. (4) Thirty-one patients suffered adverse perinatal outcomes, including 3 cases of intrauterine death, 4 therapeutic labor induction before 28 gestational weeks, 6 premature delivery before 34 weeks. There were 2 neonates complicated with intracranial hemorrhage, 2 with neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, 3 with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, 2 with severe asphyxia and death, and 14 with small for gestational age. Among the patients with adverse perinatal outcomes, 26 women received blood transfusion during pregnancy and 17 developed SPE. The maximum and the minimum value of their white cell count (WBC), hemoglobin concentration (Hb) and blood platelet count (BPC) were (4.9±1.4)×10(9)/L, (2.9±0.8)×10(9)/L, (88.6±14.9) g/L, (57.9±14.5) g/L, (47.7±27.4)×10(9)/L and (11.9±12.3)×10(9)/L, respectively. For those patients without adverse perinatal outcomes, 43 received blood transfusion during pregnancy and 5 developed SPE. The maximum and the minimum value of their WBC, Hb and BPC were (5.2±1.5)×10(9)/L, (3.2±0.9)×10(9)/L, (101.4±16.2) g/L, (71.9 ± 14.5) g/L, (52.3 ± 24.0) × 10(9)/L and (19.0±12.1) × 10(9)/L, respectively. The multivariate regression analyses indicated that SPE, Hb less than 70 g/L and BPC less than 20×10(9)/L were the independent risk factors for the poor perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with pancytopenia (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of adverse perinatal complications increased dramatically in pregnant women with pancytopenia. Concurrent SPE, minimum Hb less than 70 g/L and minimum BPC less than 20 × 10(9)/L may be the independent risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes.
Incidence and risk patterns of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium--a register-based case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to estimate the incidence of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium and to identify risk factors for pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism. STUDY DESIGN: A register-based case-control study with 613,232 pregnancies from 1990-2003 in 11 Norwegian counties. Medical records for eligible cases were revisited and relevant medical data were transferred to a specific case-report form. The diagnosis of venous thromboembolism was based on strict criteria. Data were analyzed by chi2 test and forward stepwise logistic regression. RESULTS: In total, 615 cases were detected. The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 1 per 1000 pregnancies. The ante- and postnatal incidences were quite similar. Antenatal risk factors were assisted reproduction, gestational diabetes, age older than 35 years, multiple pregnancies, and primi-parity. Postnatal risk factors were cesarean section, preeclampsia, assisted reproduction, abruptio placenta, and placenta previa. CONCLUSION: We found different ante- and postnatal risk patterns. Assisted reproduction and gestational diabetes were significant antenatal risk factors; whereas cesarean section and preeclampsia were strong postnatal risk factors.
Body fat index: A novel alternative to body mass index for prediction of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the association of ultrasound measurement of maternal abdominal subcutaneous and pre-peritoneal fat thickness in relation to the subsequent diagnosis of gestational diabetes (GDM), and to assess the association of body fat index (BFI), compared to conventional body mass index (BMI), with respect to the development of some obstetric related complications. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective study included non-diabetic pregnant women who were scheduled for fetal anatomic survey. Women underwent fat measurements and BFI (pre-peritoneal fat x subcutaneous fat/height) was calculated. They underwent routine glucose screening and diagnostic tests for GDM. Obstetric complications, mode of delivery, and delivery related events were reported. Multivariable logistic regression was used to test potential predictors for development of obesity-related complications. Primary outcome was development of GDM. Secondary outcomes included development of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and need for cesarean delivery due to labor dystocia. The optimal cut-off points for continuous variables were obtained using a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analyses. RESULTS: 389 women met study criteria. Median gestational age at time of ultrasound evaluation was 19.1 weeks. Positive family history of diabetes (adjusted odds ratio "OR" 2.30, 95% CI 1.35-3.92), history of GDM (adjusted OR 6.87, 95% CI 3.03-15.61), subcutaneous fat≥13 mm (adjusted OR 4.63, 95% CI 1.60-13.38) and pre-peritoneal fat≥12 mm (adjusted OR 3.32, 95% CI 1.06-10.42) were significant predictors for development of GDM. ROC analysis demonstrated that a BFI > 0.5 was statistically superior to a BMI > 25 or 30 as a predictor of gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 6.24, 95% CI 1.86-20.96). A Similar ROC analysis demonstrated that a BFI > 0.8 was associated with a higher risk for the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted OR 2.70 [95% CI 1.60-4.55]), and need for cesarean delivery (adjusted OR 2.01[95% CI 1.23-3.28]) than a BMI > 25 or 30. CONCLUSION: Values obtained by ultrasound measurement of subcutaneous and pre-peritoneal fat are associated with development of GDM and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. Our data suggest that BFI was a better predictor than BMI for development of GDM and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and should be studied further.
Alteration of endothelial function markers in women with gestational diabetes and their fetuses.; OBJECTIVE: We tested the hypothesis that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their fetuses would demonstrate alterations in markers of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) uncoupling, oxidative stress, and endothelial dysfunction and these changes would correlate with the levels of hyperglycemia through a pilot observational case-control study of women with GDM and their fetuses. METHODS: Levels of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (sICAM-1), soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (sVCAM-1), C-reactive protein (CRP), nitric oxide (NO), eNOS, p22-phox, and SOD gene expression, and endothelial progenitor cells (EPC) counts in both maternal and cord blood were measured at the time of delivery in women with and without GDM. RESULTS: We demonstrated the presence of decreased maternal circulating EPC counts, increased soluble adhesion molecules in maternal blood, decreased SOD expression in both maternal and cord blood and increased eNOS expression in both maternal and cord blood in women with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that the molecular mechanisms behind oxidative stress in women with GDM and their fetuses appear similar to those hypothesized for non-pregnant adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM).
Practices, attitudes and knowledge of midwives and nurses regarding gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension.; Midwives (M) and obstetric nurses (ON) play a critical role in providing healthcare for pregnant patients at all stages of pregnancy, and ongoing training and education are essential to ensure the best outcomes. This longitudinal quantitative research study aimed to assess the impact of an educational program on the knowledge, attitudes, and practices of 125 midwives and obstetric nurses regarding care for patients with gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension. The original questionnaire consisted of 56 items grouped into 3 subscales assessing knowledge (15 items), attitudes (18 items), and practices (23 items). The questionnaire was administered at three distinct intervals during the educational program: pre-test, post-test, and follow-up at three months. The data were analyzed using ANOVA and Pearson correlation coefficients to determine the significance of the differences between the 3 moments of the administration of the questionnaire. There was a significant increase in the level of knowledge, attitudes, and practices of midwives and obstetric nurses following the training module, which was sustained at 3 months after completion compared to pre-training. The comparative analysis of the total scores for every 3 sets of items revealed the positive impact of the educational program on the level of knowledge, attitudes, and practices of midwives and obstetric nurses.
The effect of insulin on ovine fetal oxygen extraction.; Infusion of exogenous insulin (54 +/- 19 mU/kg/hr) to seven fetal lambs caused hyperinsulinism and arterial hypoxemia but not hypoglycemia. We measured the relationship between fetal oxygen delivery and oxygen use for a better understanding of the cause of the observed hypoxemia. Oxygen delivered to the fetus is the product of fetal umbilical venous oxygen content and umbilical blood flow. Both of these quantities decreased as fetal insulin concentration rose. The fall in umbilical blood flow was due to a change in the distribution of cardiac output. Cardiac output rose, but placental perfusion decreased while blood flow to the fetal carcass increased. Oxygen consumption by the ovine fetus increased as insulin concentration rose. Since the delivery of oxygen to the fetus did not increase when its use was rising, fetal extraction of available oxygen increased. Fetal arterial hypoxemia is the result of this increased extraction of available oxygen.
Novel circRNA-miRNA-mRNA networks regulated by maternal exercise in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Maternal exercise lowers the incidence of congenital heart defects (CHDs) induced by pregestational diabetes. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the beneficial effects of maternal exercise remain unclear. The present study aimed to identify circular RNA (circRNA), microRNA (miRNA) and mRNA networks that are regulated by maternal exercise in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes. METHODS: Pregestational diabetes was induced in adult C57BL/6 female mice by streptozotocin. The expression profiles of circRNAs, miRNAs and mRNAs in E10.5 fetal hearts of offspring of control and diabetic mothers with or without exercise were analyzed using next generation sequencing. circRNA-miRNA-mRNA networks in fetal hearts were mapped and key candidate transcripts were verified by qPCR analysis. RESULTS: Pregestational diabetes dysregulated the expression of 206 circRNAs, 66 miRNAs and 391 mRNAs in fetal hearts. Maternal exercise differentially regulated 188 circRNAs, 57 miRNAs and 506 mRNAs in fetal hearts of offspring of pregestational diabetes. A total of 5 circRNAs, 12 miRNAs, and 28 mRNAs were incorporated into a final maternal exercise-associated regulatory network in fetal hearts of offspring of maternal diabetes. Notably, maternal exercise normalized the dysregulated circ_0003226/circ_0015638/miR-351-5p and circ_0002768/miR-3102-3p.2-3p pairs in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Maternal exercise reverses the dysregulated circ_0003226/circ_0015638/miR-351-5p and circ_0002768/miR-3102-3p.2-3p pairs, and partially normalizes circRNA, miRNA, and mRNA expression profiles in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes. These findings shed new light on the potential mechanisms of the beneficial effects of maternal exercise on the developing heart in diabetic pregnancies.
[Pregnancy of diabetic women with diabetic angiopathy. Clinical results in correlation of morphological findings on the placenta].; In comparison with morphological changes of the placentae 58 pregnancies of class D and F-diabetics (with diabetic angiolopathy) were analysed. The incidence of toxaemia was 55%. Insulin requirement decreased some days before delivery in 8 cases (14%). The perinatal mortality rate amounted to 17%. Birth weights were found between 2500 and 3000 g in 9 cases, below 2500 g in 8 cases with signs of intrauterine growth retardation. The majority of placentae showed medium-sized to severe diabetic disturbances of maturation on an average more severe than in diabetics without angiolopathy. A "modification" or "mascing" of maturation disturbances by severe toxaemia is discussed. The antenatal retardation of fetal growth in some cases was attributed in part to the diabetic maturation disturbances of the placentae. Another cause may be the defective uteroplacental circulation caused by narrowing processes of myometrial and decidual arteries in consequence of long-term diabetes and hypertension.
Umbilical artery intima-media and wall thickness in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Large for gestational age (LAG) neonates who had been exposed to an intrauterine environment of either diabetes or maternal obesity are at increased risk of developing the metabolic syndrome. This can be explained by exposure to high glucose and insulin levels in utero which alter fetal adaptation and programming. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to evaluate the onset of preclinical atherosclerosis in utero. METHODS: We measured umbilical artery wall thickness (ruWT) in the third trimester by obstetric ultrasound and umbilical artery intima-media thickness (uIMT) in pathologic specimens of umbilical cords obtained shortly after delivery and investigated the relation between these measurements and serum insulin level and C-peptide level in cord blood and assessed insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), i.e. the study group, which was divided into a large for gestational age group (LGA)-IDM group and an appropriate for gestational age group (AGA)-IDM group and compared with a control group. RESULTS: The LGA-IDM group had significantly higher insulin (p < 0.001), C-peptide (p = 0.018) and HOMA-IR levels (p < 0.001) compared with the AGA-IDM and control groups. The LGA-IDM group had significantly larger ruWT (p = 0.013) and uIMT (p < 0.001) compared with the AGA-IDM and the control groups. The LGA-IDM group had increased uIMT and ruWT that correlated with the severity of maternal hyperglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of ruWT in the third trimester is feasible, reproducible and strongly correlated with pathological serum insulin, C-peptide in cord blood and HOMA-IR levels.
Predictive Model of Factors Associated With Maternal Intensive Care Unit Admission.; OBJECTIVE: Severe maternal morbidity has increased in the United States over the past two decades by approximately 200%, to 144 cases per 10,000 delivery hospitalizations. There are limited data available to assist in identifying at-risk women before parturition. We sought to evaluate risk factors associated with maternal admission to an intensive care unit (ICU). METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study of all live births delivered between 20 and 44 weeks of gestation in the United States during 2012-2016. Our primary objective was to identify prenatal factors associated with increased risk of maternal ICU admission to build a multivariable predictive model to estimate the association of these factors with ICU admission risk. We performed k-fold cross-validation for internal validation and then externally validated the model on a separate live birth cohort (2006-2011, n=856,255). RESULTS: There were 18,745,615 live births in the United States between 2012 and 2016. Among the mothers of these live newborns, 27,602 (0.15%) were admitted to the ICU in the peripartum period. Fourteen variables were selected for inclusion in the predictive model for maternal ICU admission. The predicted minimal and maximal risk for ICU admission ranged 0-25%. The receiver operating characteristic curve for these 14 variables achieved an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.81 (95% CI 0.79-0.81). External validation with a separate live birth cohort demonstrated a consistent measure of discrimination with an AUC of 0.83 (95% CI 0.82-0.84). Using a relatively high cut point of 5.0% or more predicted risk for ICU admission, achieved a positive predictive value (PPV) of only 4.0%. CONCLUSION: This model provides insight as to the cumulative effect of multiple risk factors on maternal ICU admission risk. The predictive model achieves an AUC of 0.81, discriminating women with significantly increased risk (30-fold) for ICU admission. Nonetheless, because of the low frequency of maternal ICU admission, the PPV of the model was low and therefore whether models such as ours may be beneficial in future efforts to reduce the prevalence and burden of maternal morbidity is uncertain.
[Analysis of the course of pregnancy and labor after genetic amniocenthesis in women after 35 years of age].; THE PURPOSE OF THE RESEARCH: Analysis of the course of pregnancy and labor in patients qualified for the prenatal diagnostic tests program in Opole Region. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 2513 pregnant women participated in the program. There were 1763 (70.1%) patients above 35 years of age, out of whom 515 women (20.5%) were qualified for amniocentesis and 394 of them (15.6%) decided to undergo the test. Within the group of patients who underwent amniocentesis, 39 karyotypes (9.8%) were found. Analysis of the number of amniocenteses carried out and the number of detected fetal defects showed that initially the number of invasive tests was rising. However since 2007, i.e. since the introduction of biochemical diagnostic tests based on Kryptor technology a significant decrease of amniocenteses tests has been observed, while the rate of detected chromosome aberrations in fetuses has not changed. The course of pregnancy and labor in patients above 35 years of age, who gave birth to children in Gynecology and Obstetrics Hospital in Opole, has also been analyzed. The investigated group comprised 106 patients who underwent amniocentesis, and 138 patients who did not consent to having the invasive test. Apart from a small difference in average birth weight, the analysis of infant condition and their biophysical parameters after the labor has not shown any significant differences. In both groups gestational diabetes was the most frequent disease, and statistically it was diagnosed more often in patients who had not undergone amniocentesis. No statistically significant differences in the frequency of occurrence of other pregnancy complications have been found. CONCLUSIONS: 1. Amniocentesis carried out due to genetic indications between 150th and 20th week of pregnancy may be considered to be a procedure which is safe both for a mother and a fetus. 2. Amniocentesis does not affect the course of pregnancy or the mode of delivery in any significant way. 3. Proper genetics counseling service based on biochemical research enables to decrease the number of amniocenteses tests, while the rate of detected chromosome defects in fetuses remains unchanged.
First trimester serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in gestational diabetes.; AIMS: Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) is highly expressed in damaged epithelia, during inflammation and cardiovascular disease. Soluble NGAL was measured in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes. METHODS: From a cohort of 908 pregnant outpatients who participated in a screening programme for Down's syndrome at 9-12 weeks of gestation, we considered all 41 women with a singleton pregnancy, who developed gestational diabetes in the previous 12 months, and a control group of 82 normal pregnancies. Circulating NGAL and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment ratio (HOMA-IR) were determined in the first trimester. RESULTS: Median serum NGAL concentrations were higher in the gestational diabetes group [51.3 ng/ml (39.8-66.1 ng/ml)] compared with the control group [17.8 ng/ml (15.5-20.9 ng/ml)] (P < 0.001) and positively correlated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In the first trimester, circulating NGAL was significantly increased in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes compared with the control group.
Carbohydrate metabolism. Evaluation in women with de novo hypertension in late pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate carbohydrate metabolism in both diabetic and nondiabetic women with de novo hypertension in late pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Sixty-nine nondiabetic pregnant women were studied: 33 with gestational hypertension, 15 with preeclampsia and 21 normotensives in the control group. Eight women with gestational diabetes and hypertension were evaluated separately. Glucose and insulin serum levels were evaluated in the fasting state and during an oral glucose load. Glucose-independent parameters were used to evaluate insulin response, insulin activity and glucose tolerance in fasting and postglucose ingestion states. Student's t test was used. RESULTS: Fasting glycemia was lower in both groups with de novo hypertension in late pregnancy than in the control group. Glycemia was higher throughout the oral glucose load in gestational hypertension than in preeclampsia. Insulinemia during the oral glucose load was higher in gestational hypertension than in both the control and preeclampsia groups. Fasting corrected insulin response and glucose tolerance were higher in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia than in the control group. In the postglucose ingestion state, insulin activity and glucose tolerance was lower in gestational hypertension than in preeclampsia. Women with gestational diabetes and hypertension were very insulin resistant. CONCLUSION: Glucose tolerance was not only decreased but also increased in the fasting state in de novo hypertension in late pregnancy due to a high insulin response. In the postglucose ingestion state, the gestational hypertension trend was toward insulin resistance even though normal insulin activity occurs in preeclampsia. Gestational diabetes associated with gestational hypertension was characterized by high insulin resistance.
Exercise in the prevention and treatment of maternal-fetal disease: a review of the literature.; Evidence-based guidelines indicate that regular prenatal exercise is an important component of a healthy pregnancy. In addition to maintaining physical fitness, exercise may be beneficial in preventing or treating maternal-fetal diseases. Women who are the most physically active have the lowest prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM), and prevention of GDM may decrease the incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes in both mother and offspring. However, few studies have investigated the effectiveness of exercise in delaying or preventing GDM in at-risk women, and exercise prescriptions that optimize outcomes for women with GDM are lacking. Physically active women are also less likely to develop pre-eclampsia, and we have proposed the following 4 mechanisms that may explain this protective effect: enhanced placental growth and vascularity, reduced oxidative stress, reduced inflammation, and correction of disease-related endothelial dysfunction. Exercise may also prevent reproductive complications associated with maternal obesity. Obesity increases the risk of infertility and miscarriage, and weight loss programs that incorporate diet and exercise are a cost-effective fertility treatment that may also reduce the probability of obesity-related complications during pregnancy. Regular exercise following conception may prevent excessive gestational weight gain and reduce post-partum weight retention.
Fetal growth restriction results in remodeled and less efficient hearts in children.; BACKGROUND: Fetal growth restriction (FGR) affects 5% to 10% of newborns and is associated with increased cardiovascular mortality in adulthood. The most commonly accepted hypothesis is that fetal metabolic programming leads secondarily to diseases associated with cardiovascular disease, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. Our main objective was to evaluate the alternative hypothesis that FGR induces primary cardiac changes that persist into childhood. METHODS AND RESULTS: Within a cohort of fetuses with growth restriction identified in fetal life and followed up into childhood, we randomly selected 80 subjects with FGR and compared them with 120 normally grown fetuses, matched for gender, birth date, and gestational age at birth. Cardiovascular assessment was performed in childhood (mean age of 5 years). Compared with control subjects, children with FGR had a different cardiac shape, with increased transversal diameters and more globular cardiac ventricles. Although left ejection fraction was similar among the study groups, stroke volume was reduced significantly, which was compensated for by an increased heart rate to maintain output in severe FGR. This was associated with subclinical longitudinal systolic dysfunction (decreased myocardial peak velocities) and diastolic changes (increased E/E' ratio and E deceleration time). Children with FGR also had higher blood pressure and increased intima-media thickness. For all parameters evaluated, there was a linear increase with the severity of growth restriction. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that FGR induces primary cardiac and vascular changes that could explain the increased predisposition to cardiovascular disease in adult life. If these results are confirmed, the impact of strategies with beneficial effects on cardiac remodeling should be explored in children with FGR.
[The effect of maternal weight on pregnancy outcome].; OBJECTIVE: To examine the frequency of adverse outcome during pregnancy and delivery and neonatal complications among normal weight, overweight and obese women at the beginning of pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study is a retrospective cohort study of 600 women, divided in 3 groups on the basis of maternal body mass index (BMI) at the beginning of pregnancy; 300 normal weight women (BMI 19.0-24.9), 150 overweight women (BMI 25.0-29.9) and 150 obese women (BMI ≥ 30). Maternal and neonatal complications were compared between groups. RESULTS: Obese women have a significantly increased risk of; essential hypertension prior to pregnancy (p<0.001), developing gestational hypertension (p=0.03), pre-eclampsia (p=0.007), gestational diabetes (p<0.001), musculoskeletal symptoms (p=0.04), requiring induction of labour (pp=0.006) and being delivered by cesarean section (p<0.001), both emergent (pp=0.012) and elective (pp=0.008) compared to mothers of normal weight and overweight. Neonates of obese mothers have significantly higher birth weight (pp=0.004), larger head circumference (p<0.001) and are more likely to require admission to neonatal ward compared with neonates of normal weight and overweight mothers (pp=0.004). CONCLUSIONS: Obesity carries a significant risk to maternal and neonatal health. During pregnancy maternal complications are increased causing adverse effects for both mother and infant. Women of reproductive age need counselling regarding the adverse effects of obesity on pregnancy outcome.
Pregnancy outcomes in mixed connective tissue disease: a multicentre study.; OBJECTIVES: In this study we aimed to investigate foetal and maternal pregnancy outcomes from a large multicentre cohort of women diagnosed with MCTD and anti-U1RNP antibodies. METHODS: This multicentre retrospective cohort study describes the outcomes of 203 pregnancies in 94 consecutive women ever pregnant who fulfilled the established criteria for MCTD with confirmed U1RNP positivity. RESULTS: The foetal outcomes in 203 pregnancies were as follows: 146 (71.9%) live births, 38 (18.7%) miscarriages (first trimester pregnancy loss of <12 weeks gestation), 18 (8.9%) stillbirths (pregnancy loss after 20 weeks gestation) and 11 (5.4%) cases with intrauterine growth restriction. Maternal pregnancy outcomes were as follows: 8 (3.9%) developed pre-eclampsia, 2 (0.9%) developed eclampsia, 31 (15.3%) developed gestational hypertension and 3 (1.5%) developed gestational diabetes. Women with MCTD and aPL and pulmonary or muscular involvement had worse foetal outcomes compared with those without. Moreover, we report a case of complete congenital heart block (0.45%) and a case of cutaneous neonatal lupus, both born to a mother with positive isolated anti-U1RNP and negative anti-Ro/SSA antibodies. CONCLUSION: In our multicentre cohort, women with MCTD had a live birth rate of 72%. While the true frequency of heart block associated with anti-U1RNP remains to be determined, this study might raise the consideration of echocardiographic surveillance in this setting. Pregnancy counselling should be considered in women with MCTD.
Characteristics of gestational diabetic mothers and their babies in an Indian diabetes clinic.; AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: To compare clinical and metabolic features of mothers with gestational diabetes (GDM) and their offspring with those in non-diabetic pregnancies at the King Edward Memorial Hospital, Pune, India. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Antenatal information was obtained from hospital records. GDM was diagnosed by 75 g OGTT (Oral Glucose Tolerance Test) in clinically high-risk women. Anthropometric measurements of mother and the babies were recorded within 24h of delivery and a maternal blood sample collected for hematological and biochemical measurements. RESULTS: Between the period Jan 1998 to December 2003,265 women with gestational diabetes were treated in our Unit. Forty nine percent had first-degree relatives with diabetes. Compared to non-diabetic mothers (n=215) GDM mothers were older (29.0 vs. 26.0y, p<0.001), more obese (body mass index- BMI 26.0 vs. 22.0 kg/m2, p<0.001), centrally obese (Waist hip ratio-WHR 0.89 vs 0.86, p<0.001), adipose (sum of 4 skinfolds 98.4 vs. 61.4 mm, p<0.001) and had higher blood pressure (127/80 vs. 122/70 mmHg, p<0.001). GDM mothers had higher concentrations of plasma triglycerides (195.0 vs. 153.0 mg/dl, p<0.01); blood hemoglobin (11.7 vs 10.9 g/dl, p<0.001) and higher platelet count but lower concentration of HDL cholesterol and albumin. Sixty percent GDM mothers and 34% of non-diabetic mothers were delivered by caesarean-section, 23% of GDM mothers delivered pre term (<37 wk). Despite the smaller gestation, babies of GDM mothers were heavier (BW 2950.0 vs. 2824.0g, p<0.001, adjusted for gender), longer (48.9 vs. 48.0 cm, p<0.01) and more adipose (sum of 2 skinfolds 10.5 vs. 8.5 mm). Only 5% of babies born to GDM mothers weighed > 4000 g but 30% were >90th centile of birth weight of babies born to non-diabetic mothers. Babies of GDM mothers suffered higher neonatal morbidity. CONCLUSIONS: GDM mothers in urban India are more obese and more adipose than non-diabetic mothers, frequently have a family history of diabetes and show metabolic features of insulin resistance syndrome, suggesting high cardiovascular risk. Neonates of GDM mothers are heavier, longer and more adipose than those born to non-diabetic mothers, and suffer higher neonatal morbidity.
Dietary glycemic index and glycemic load during pregnancy and offspring risk of congenital heart defects: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Prepregnancy diabetes, especially when severely dysregulated, is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart defects in offspring. This suggests that glucose plays a role in embryonic heart development. OBJECTIVE: The aim was to investigate the association between midpregnancy dietary glycemic index (GI), glycemic load (GL), and sugar-sweetened beverages and the risk of congenital heart defects in the offspring. METHODS: Offspring of mothers from the Danish National Birth Cohort who filled out a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ) covering midpregnancy dietary intake were included. Individual-level information on GI and GL, offspring congenital heart defects, and health and lifestyle covariates was linked. The association between GI and GL and offspring congenital heart defects was estimated by logistic regression. Further, we evaluated whether maternal intake of sugar-sweetened drinks increased the risk of offspring congenital heart defects. RESULTS: In total, 66,387 offspring of women who responded to the FFQ were included; among offspring, 543 had a congenital heart defect. The adjusted OR (aOR) of congenital heart defects among offspring of mothers belonging to the highest versus the lowest GI quintile was 1.02 (95% CI: 0.78, 1.34; P-trend = 0.86). Results were similar for GL (aOR: 0.95; 95% CI: 0.72, 1.24). A high intake of sugar-sweetened carbonated beverages was associated with a statistically significant increased risk of offspring congenital heart defects (highest vs lowest intake-aOR: 2.41; 95% CI: 1.26, 4.64; P-trend = 0.03). No association was found with other types of beverages. CONCLUSIONS: The study does not support an association between a high GI and GL in midpregnancy and increased offspring risk of congenital heart defects. Nevertheless, a statistically significant association between sugar-sweetened carbonated beverages and a moderately increased risk of offspring congenital heart defects was observed.
Ethnic enclaves and gestational diabetes among immigrant women in New York City.; Previous research has shown that immigrants living in their own ethnic enclave are at decreased risk of poor health outcomes, but this question has not been studied in relation to gestational diabetes, an important early marker of lifecourse cardiovascular health. We ascertained gestational diabetes, census tract of residence, and individual-level covariates for Sub-Saharan African, Chinese, South Central Asian, Non-Hispanic Caribbean, Dominican, Puerto Rican, Mexican, and Central and South American migrant women using linked birth-hospital discharge data for 89,703 singleton live births in New York City for the years 2001-2002. Using 2000 census data, for each immigrant group we defined a given census tract as part of an ethnic enclave based on the population distribution for the corresponding ethnic group. We estimated odds ratios for associations between living in an ethnic enclave and risk of gestational diabetes adjusted for neighborhood deprivation, percent commercial space, education, age, parity, and insurance status, using multilevel logistic regression. Overall, we found no effect of ethnic enclave residence on gestational diabetes in most immigrant groups. Among South Central Asian and Mexican women, living in a residential ethnic enclave was associated with an increased odds of gestational diabetes. Several explanations are proposed for these findings. Mechanisms explaining an increased risk of gestational diabetes in South Central Asian and Mexican ethnic enclaves should be examined.
Varix of the fetal intra-abdominal umbilical vein: prenatal sonographic diagnosis and suggested in utero management.; Varix of the fetal intra-abdominal umbilical vein (FIUV) is a rare entity. We describe an ultrasound diagnosis of this condition together with a review of the literature relating to its prognosis and management. Our conclusion is that close fetal monitoring should be performed, and delivery should be induced when lung maturity has been accomplished or any fetal distress is apparent.
Obstetric complications in carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation, a retrospective cohort study on maternal and fetal outcome.; INTRODUCTION: The mitochondrial DNA m.3243A>G mutation is the most prevalent mutation causing mitochondrial disease in adult patients. Aside from some case reports, there are no studies on obstetric complications in a cohort of m.3243A>G carriers. We aimed to identify the prevalence of obstetric complications in a cohort of women carrying the m.3243A>G mutation. METHODS: All female carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation known from our previous national inventory were sent a questionnaire regarding their obstetric history. Data were compared to national references. Data from the national inventory, including NMDAS (disease severity) scores and heteroplasmy levels in urinary epithelial cells (UEC) were used to stratify women. RESULTS: Sixty women participated, the mean age was 47 years (range 20-70), mean NMDAS was 14.6 (range 0-46), and mean heteroplasmy percentage in UEC was 19.9% (range 5-85%). Ninety-eight pregnancies in 46 women were reported. Twenty-three (25.3%) had a premature delivery and five of them (5.5%) had a gestation of ≤ 32 weeks and eleven of the women (12%) suffered from preeclampsia. No different heteroplasmy level was found in the women with preeclampsia. Nine pregnancies (11%) were complicated by gestational diabetes. DISCUSSION: Obstetric complications occur frequently in carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation. Proper guidance during pregnancies and early detection of possible obstetric complications are needed. As techniques to prevent transmission of mitochondrial mutations are studied it is important to know the possible complications patients may experience from the ensuing pregnancy.
Increased fetal epicardial fat thickness: A novel ultrasound marker for altered fetal metabolism in diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether fetal epicardial fat thickness (EFT) differs in diabetic and nondiabetic pregnant women. METHODS: Retrospective case-control study of pregnancies between 24 and 36 weeks complicated by preexisting (PDM) or gestational (GDM) diabetes mellitus, matched one to one with controls for body mass index and gestational age (GA). Epicardial fat was identified as the hypoechogenic area between myocardium and visceral pericardium over the right ventricle and its thickness was measured by a single observer blinded to clinical condition and outcomes. A linear regression analysis was performed to assess the relationship between GA and EFT, and regression lines were compared between diabetics and controls. RESULTS: 53 PDM and 53 GDM pregnant women were matched with controls. With the exception of maternal age, the demographics were similar among groups. EFT increased significantly with advancing gestation in both diabetics and controls (P < 0.0001) and was significantly greater in diabetics than in controls (P < 0.0001). The best fit lines were different between diabetics (EFT = 0.05 × GA + 0.07 mm; R(2)  = 0.70) and controls (EFT = 0.07 × GA + 0.04 mm; R(2)  = 0.93) (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Fetal EFT was greater in diabetics than in nondiabetics, and even greater in pregestational diabetics. EFT maybe an additional and/or earlier marker to identify early changes in fetal metabolism before accelerated fetal growth and polyhydramnios is apparent.
Differential placental gene expression in term pregnancies affected by fetal growth restriction and macrosomia.; INTRODUCTION: Extremes of fetal growth are associated with increased perinatal mortality and morbidity and a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes in later life. We aimed to identify changes in placental gene expression in pregnancies with evidence of growth dysfunction and candidate genes that may be used to identify abnormal patterns of growth prior to delivery. METHODS: Growth-restricted (n = 4), macrosomic (n = 6) and normal term (n = 5) placentas were selected from a banked series (n = 200) collected immediately after caesarean section. RNA was extracted prior to microarray analysis using Affymetrix HG-U219 arrays to determine variation in gene expression. Genes of interest were confirmed using qRT-PCR. RESULTS: 338 genes in the growth-restricted and 41 genes in the macrosomic group were identified to be significantly dysregulated (>2-fold change; p < 0.05). CPXM2 and CLDN1 were upregulated and TXNDC5 and LRP2 downregulated in fetal growth restriction. In macrosomia, PHLDB2 and CLDN1 were upregulated and LEP and GCH1 were downregulated. DISCUSSION: Dysfunctional growth is associated with differential placental gene expression and affects genes with a whole spectrum of developmental and cellular functions. Better elucidation of these pathways may allow the development of biomarkers to identify growth abnormalities and effective prenatal intervention.
Insulin plasma levels in pregnant patients with impaired glucose tolerance: relationship with pregnancy outcome.; To investigate the impact of insulin secretion on pregnancy outcome, we studied 102 patients at risk for glucose intolerance between 28 and 34 weeks of gestation. All patients had a 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, 100 g glucose), and glucose and insulin plasma levels were assayed: 32 patients had a gestational diabetes (GDM); 25 had an impaired gestational glycemic tolerance (IGGT), and 45 with normal OGTT constituted the control group. No significant difference between groups was seen for pregnancy outcome. Based on the mean +/- 2 SD of insulin secretion of the control group, IGGT/GDM patients were classified as normoinsulinemic (34 patients), hyperinsulinemic (17 patients), or hypoinsulinemic (6 patients). The hyperinsulinemic IGGT/ GDM group showed a greater incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension (p < 0.03), while the percentile birth weight was significantly lower (p < 0.01) with respect to normo-hypoinsulinemic patients. Moreover a higher glucose/ insulin ratio was significantly related to birth weight (p < 0.01). Our results suggest an impact of insulin secretion on pregnancy outcome and support the importance of determining the insulinemic pattern in pregnant patients at risk for glucose intolerance.
Infants of diabetic mothers: echocardiographic measurements and cord blood IGF-I and IGFBP-1.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac malformations in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are five times higher than in normal pregnancies. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) is the most important growth factor in utero and is predominantly bound by IGF binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1). OBJECTIVE: To examine the echocardiographic findings of neonates of diabetic mothers and the relationship with cord blood IGF-I and IGBP-1. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This study was conducted on 69 neonates born to diabetic mothers who were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, Ain Shams University Hospitals between August 2007 and February 2008. They were classified into three groups: 20 small for gestational age, 25 appropriate for gestational age, and 24 large for gestational age. Neonates were subjected to thorough clinical examination and echocardiographic evaluation. Maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and cord blood IGF-I and IGBP-1 were assessed. RESULTS: Thirty neonates (43.5%) had hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM); all of them were infants of suboptimally controlled diabetic mothers (HbA1c ≥ 7) with positive correlation between HbA1c and interventricular septal (IVS) thickness. Impaired left ventricular contractility was recorded in 52 IDMs (75.4%). The echocardiographic and laboratory measurements showed significant difference between the three studied groups. Cardiac morphological data were negatively correlated to IGFBP-1 and positively correlated to IGF-I and birth weight. CONCLUSIONS: The opposing relationships between cord blood IGF-I and IGFBP-1 on the cardiac morphological measurements supporting their putative opposing roles in HCM seen in IDMs. Birth weight is the best predictor of hypertrophied IVS especially in infants born to suboptimally controlled diabetic mothers.
Maternal Weight Variation in Different Intrauterine Environments: An Important Role of Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE:  Different intrauterine environments may influence the maternal prepregnancy body weight (BW) variation up to 6 months postpartum. The objective of the present study was to verify the association of sociodemographic, obstetric, nutritional, and behavioral factors with weight variation in women divided into four groups: hypertensive (HM), diabetic (DM), smokers (SM), and control mothers (CM). METHODS:  It was a convenience sample of 124 postpartum women recruited from 3 public hospitals in the city of Porto Alegre, state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, between 2011 and 2016. Multiple linear regressions and generalized estimating equations (GEE) were conducted to identify the factors associated with maternal weight variation. For all GEE, the maternal weight measurements were adjusted for maternal height, parity, educational level, and the type of delivery, and 3 weight measurements (prepregnancy, preceding delivery, and 15 days postpartum) were fixed. RESULTS:  A hierarchical model closely associated the maternal diagnosis of hypertension and a prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) classified as overweight with maternal weight gain measured up to the 6(th) month postpartum (the difference between the maternal weight at 6 months postpartum and the prepregnancy weight). These results showed that the BW of the HM group and of overweight women increased ∼ 5.2 kg 6 months postpartum, compared with the other groups. Additionally, women classified as overweight had a greater BW variation of 3.150 kg. CONCLUSION:  This evidence supports the need for specific nutritional guidelines for gestational hypertensive disorders, as well as great public attention for overweight women in the fertile age.
Umbilical cord serum activin A levels are increased in pre-eclampsia with impaired blood flow in the uteroplacental and fetal circulation.; The aims of the present study were to evaluate the umbilical cord serum activin A concentrations in complicated pregnancies and also to explore the relationship between activin A levels and blood flow velocity in fetal arteries. Umbilical cord blood samples were obtained postpartum after a full term uneventful gestation (control group, n=40), and from pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (n=13), preterm labour (n=18), or pre-eclampsia (n=19). Cord serum activin A levels were three-fold higher in pregnancies complicated by pre-eclampsia (1.17+/-0.14 ng/ml, p<0.01) than in the control group (0.43+/-0.03 ng/ml), but were unaltered in the diabetes and preterm labour groups. The pre-eclampsia group had a marked increase of umbilical artery pulsatility index (PI) and also a decrease of middle cerebral artery PI (p<0.01). Furthermore, activin A concentration correlated directly with the umbilical artery PI (r=0.540, p=0.021), with the length of stay in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (r=0.857, p<0.001) and also with cord blood pH (r=-0.886, p<0.001). In conclusion, umbilical cord serum activin A levels are increased in the presence of pre-eclampsia and provide an indirect marker of impaired blood flow in the uteroplacental and fetal circulation.
Two cases of coronavirus 2019-related cardiomyopathy in pregnancy.; At our institution, 2 of the initial 7 pregnant patients with confirmed coronavirus disease 2019 severe infection (28.6%; 95% CI, 8.2%-64.1%) developed cardiac dysfunction with moderately reduced left ventricular ejection fractions of 40%-45% and hypokinesis. Viral myocarditis and cardiomyopathy have also been reported in nonpregnant coronavirus disease 2019 patients. A case series of nonpregnant patients with coronavirus disease 2019 found that 33% of those in intensive care developed cardiomyopathy. More data are needed to ascertain the incidence of cardiomyopathy from coronavirus disease 2019 in pregnancy, in all pregnant women with coronavirus disease 2019, and those with severe disease (eg, pneumonia). We suggest an echocardiogram in pregnant women with coronavirus disease 2019 pneumonia, in particular those necessitating oxygen, or those who are critically ill, and we recommend the use of handheld, point-of-care devices where possible to minimize contamination of staff and traditional large echocardiogram machines.
Pregnancy and acute optic disc edema of juvenile-onset diabetes.; Acute optic disc edema is a recently recognized, relatively benign manifestation of juvenile-onset diabetes mellitus. Twenty-three cases have been reported in the ophthalmology literature, two occurring during pregnancy. The authors present an additional case recognized in a pregnant patient and review the literature. The disorder manifests physical findings similar to those of papilledema, proliferative retinopathy with optic disc edema, inflammatory papillitis, and ischemic optic neuropathy, but has a benign course that requires no treatment and is not adversely affected by pregnancy. It is important to recognize this syndrome because failure to make the correct diagnosis in pregnancy may lead to inappropriate treatment, including therapeutic abortion.
Umbilical cord blood rheology in relation to maternal disease and fetal hypoxia.; Erythrocyte aggregation was studied in 60 samples of cord blood taken at delivery from neonates whose mothers suffered from hypertension or diabetes in pregnancy or from neonates who showed hypoxia during labor. Erythrocyte aggregation significantly increased in the cord blood of neonates who suffered from hypoxia during labor, and in neonates from hypertensive and diabetic mothers. The effects of maternal disease or intrapartum hypoxia may therefore stimulate fetal erythropoiesis and cause major changes in cord blood rheology.
Fatty acids of sphingomyelin from amniotic fluid of normal and diabetic pregnancies.; Amniotic fluid collected from 14 normal and 11 diabetic patients was analyzed for phospholipids, and separated sphingomyelin and lecithin fractions were further studied for their acid composition by gas liquid chromatography. Notable differences in percent fatty acid composition of sphingomyelin were observed for palmitic (16:0; diabetic less than normal), oleic (18:1; diabetic greater than normal), behenic (22:0; diabetic less than normal) and arachidic acid (20:0; absent in diabetics) in the specimens studied. Notable differences were not observed in fatty acids from lecithin fraction. Fatty acid composition of sphingomyelin from amniotic fluid is similar to fatty acid distribution in sphingomyelin from serum and erythrocyte and suggests maternal origin of the lipid.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy: an overview.; Cushing's syndrome (CS) during pregnancy is a rare condition with fewer than 150 cases reported in the literature. Adrenal adenomas were found to be the commonest cause, followed by Cushing's disease. The gestation dramatically affects the maternal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, resulting in increased hepatic production of corticosteroid-binding globulin (CBG), increased levels of serum, salivary and urinary free cortisol, lack of suppression of cortisol levels after dexamethasone administration and placental production of CRH and ACTH. Moreover, a blunted response of ACTH and cortisol to exogenous CRH may also occur. Therefore, the diagnosis of CS during pregnancy is much more difficult. Misdiagnosis of CS is also common, as the syndrome may be easily confused with preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. Because CS during pregnancy is usually associated with severe maternal and fetal complications, its early diagnosis and treatment are critical. Surgery is the treatment of choice for CS in pregnancy, except perhaps in the late third trimester, with medical therapy being a second choice. There does not seem to be a rationale for supportive treatment alone.
Maternal metabolic conditions and risk for autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders.; OBJECTIVE: We examined whether metabolic conditions (MCs) during pregnancy (diabetes, hypertension, and obesity) are associated with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), developmental delays (DD), or impairments in specific domains of development in the offspring. METHODS: Children aged 2 to 5 years (517 ASD, 172 DD, and 315 controls) were enrolled in the CHARGE (Childhood Autism Risks from Genetics and the Environment) study, a population-based, case-control investigation between January 2003 and June 2010. Eligible children were born in California, had parents who spoke English or Spanish, and were living with a biological parent in selected regions of California. Children's diagnoses were confirmed by using standardized assessments. Information regarding maternal conditions was ascertained from medical records or structured interview with the mother. RESULTS: All MCs were more prevalent among case mothers compared with controls. Collectively, these conditions were associated with a higher likelihood of ASD and DD relative to controls (odds ratio: 1.61 [95% confidence interval: 1.10-2.37; odds ratio: 2.35 [95% confidence interval: 1.43-3.88], respectively). Among ASD cases, children of women with diabetes had Mullen Scales of Early Learning (MSEL) expressive language scores 0.4 SD lower than children of mothers without MCs (P < .01). Among children without ASD, those exposed to any MC scored lower on all MSEL and Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales (VABS) subscales and composites by at least 0.4 SD (P < .01 for each subscale/composite). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal MCs may be broadly associated with neurodevelopmental problems in children. With obesity rising steadily, these results appear to raise serious public health concerns.
Effect of pregnancy on autonomic nervous function and heart rate in diabetic and nondiabetic women.; Supine and standing heart rate and heart rate responses to deep breathing and standing up (the 30-to-15 ratio), indices of autonomic nervous function, were measured during each trimester and postpartum in 25 women with insulin-dependent diabetes and 10 nondiabetic women. The groups did not differ with respect to autonomic function in the basal state (postpartum), and the heart rate response to deep breathing diminished progressively in both groups during pregnancy, although the change tended to be less pronounced in the diabetic women. The 30-to-15 ratio did not alter significantly during pregnancy. The diabetic women had a higher supine heart rate than the healthy women in the basal state, but the pregnancy-induced increase in heart rate was less in the diabetic women. Thus, the reversible diminution of heart rate response to deep breathing during pregnancy is a physiological finding and does not denote development of autonomic nervous dysfunction. Second, the increase in heart rate, a primary cardiovascular adjustment to pregnancy, seems to be blunted in diabetic women.
Blood glucose in multiparous women influences offspring birth size but not size at 2 years of age.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased birth size. Blood glucose concentrations within the nondiabetic range affect birth size but whether this influences postnatal growth is unclear. METHODS: We measured fasting blood glucose concentrations (FBG) in 1650 singleton Caucasian pregnancies at 12 and 28 weeks' gestation and related values to birth weight and weight at 12 and 24 months of age. Pregnancies complicated by antepartum hemorrhage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and prematurity were excluded. RESULTS: Mean maternal age was 30 years and 49% were primiparous. There was a weak relationship between birth weight (z score) and FBG at 12 (r = 0.1; P = .006) and 28 (r = 0.1; P < .001) weeks. FBG at 12 and 28 were correlated (r = 0.3; P < .001). Mothers at 12 and 28 weeks of pregnancy with higher FBG were shorter and heavier. The relationship between FBG at 12 and 28 weeks and birth weight was not observed in primiparous women and FBG was not associated with weight at any postnatal time point. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest that in a low-risk United Kingdom pregnancy cohort FBG concentrations in the nondiabetic range affect birth weight in multiparous women. The effect is small (50 g change in birth weight/1 mmol/L FBG change) and does not persist into postnatal life. This implies a limited role for maternal glucose status within the normal range in determining size in infancy.
The association between fetal fraction and pregnancy-related complications among Chinese population.; To examine the association of fetal fraction with a wide spectrum of pregnancy-related complications among Chinese population, we carried out a single-institution retrospective cohort study of women with negative Noninvasive prenatal testing (NIPT) results and singleton pregnancies between May 2018 and May 2020. Indicators of pregnancy-related complications were examined individually, including preterm birth, low birth weight, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, oligohydramnios and intrahepatic cholestasis. We evaluated disease odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), after controlling for potential confounders including body mass index (BMI), maternal age and gestational week at NIPT. A total of 3534 women were included in our analyses. Women with fetal fraction<15.15% had increased risk of gestational hypertension (OR 4.41, CI [1.65, 12.45]) and oligohydramnios (OR 2.26, CI [1.33, 3.80]) compared to women with fetal fraction≥15.15%. No significant associations with fetal fraction were found for preterm birth, low birth weight, gestational diabetes, and intrahepatic cholestasis. In Summary, fetal fraction is inversely associated with the risk of gestational hypertension and oligohydramnios.
Hyperglycemia: its imminent effects on mammalian nephrogenesis.; A sustained exposure of the mammalian embryo to very high glucose ambience is associated with a multitude of congenital birth defects, including those of the cardiovascular, CNS, skeletal and urogenital systems during the first 6-8 weeks of gestation in humans. These urogenital abnormalities may be associated with "caudal regression syndrome" or may occur alone in the form of partial or total renal agenesis. Similarly, an increase in the incidence of morphogenetic defects is observed in the offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and mice, and also in non-obese diabetic mice. In certain cases, failure during the growth of the lower parts of embryos or newborn mice involving the genitourinary system has been observed in animals with severe diabetes. Investigators have utilized whole organ culture systems to delineate the mechanisms relevant to dysmorphogenesis of the embryonic metanephros. A marked dysmorphogenesis of the metanephros is observed upon treatment with a high concentration of D: -glucose. Associated with it are changes that include branching dysmorphogenesis of the ureteric bud iterations, reduced population of nascent nephrons, decreased expression of basement membrane proteoglycans, depletion of ATP stores, and fulminant apoptosis of the cells at the interface of mesenchyme and ureteric bud epithelium. The latter findings suggest that disruption of epithelial:mesenchymal interactions may be the major event responsible for the metanephric dysmorphogenesis induced by high glucose ambience.
Gestational diabetes reduces adenosine transport in human placental microvascular endothelium, an effect reversed by insulin.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) courses with increased fetal plasma adenosine concentration and reduced adenosine transport in placental macrovascular endothelium. Since insulin modulates human equilibrative nucleoside transporters (hENTs) expression/activity, we hypothesize that GDM will alter hENT2-mediated transport in human placental microvascular endothelium (hPMEC), and that insulin will restore GDM to a normal phenotype involving insulin receptors A (IR-A) and B (IR-B). GDM effect on hENTs expression and transport activity, and IR-A/IR-B expression and associated cell signalling cascades (p42/44 mitogen-activated protein kinases (p42/44(mapk)) and Akt) role in hPMEC primary cultures was assayed. GDM associates with elevated umbilical whole and vein, but not arteries blood adenosine, and reduced hENTs adenosine transport and expression. IR-A/IR-B mRNA expression and p42/44(mapk)/Akt ratios ('metabolic phenotype') were lower in GDM. Insulin reversed GDM-reduced hENT2 expression/activity, IR-A/IR-B mRNA expression and p42/44(mapk)/Akt ratios to normal pregnancies ('mitogenic phenotype'). It is suggested that insulin effects required IR-A and IR-B expression leading to differential modulation of signalling pathways restoring GDM-metabolic to a normal-mitogenic like phenotype. Insulin could be acting as protecting factor for placental microvascular endothelial dysfunction in GDM.
Taurine-diabetes interaction: from involvement to protection.; Diabetes is a complex nature. To alleviate this, nutritional intervention provides much scope and hope, and taurine has been placed under this category successfully. An adult human weighing 70 kg contains about 70 g taurine. Taurine in diabetes has an age old story; taurine is involved in the development and protection of insulin apparatus. Taurine and insulin both have mutual stimulating actions with hypoglycemic properties. On the clinical front, taurine supplementation has acceptable beneficial effect in platelet aggregation and to name a few more, in neuropathy, cardiomyopathy, nephropathy and retinopathy. Recent studies have provided a role for taurine in fetal development and also in blocking the transfer of diabetes from diabetic mother to offspring. A number of mechanisms for taurine's actions have been advocated, from osmoregulation to anti-oxidation. Though sulfonylurea and recently introduced thiazolidinediones are effective, they are also not free from complications, thus needs to design new therapeutics. As taurine is also a sulfonyl derivative and it will be of great interest to develop taurine analogues as an alternative therapy. Considering the great involvement of taurine in diabetes, this review may provide a holistic view of taurine in diabetes and in its prevention, in this century.
Absence of the pituitary gland in a case of congenital sacral agenesis.; We report for the first time the combination of congenital sacral agenesis and congenital absence of the pituitary gland. This rare association is described in a baby born to a diabetic mother. The baby died at the age of 11 weeks after a cardiorespiratory collapse. The findings at necropsy, which included unusual neurological and visceral anomalies, are reported. We draw attention to the increasing evidence that maternal diabetes is a factor in producing foetal malformations.
Adverse effects during the oral glucose tolerance test in post-bariatric surgery patients.; OBJECTIVE: The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is used in the screening of gestational diabetes, in diagnosis of type 2 diabetes in conjunction with fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin. The aim of this study was to examine the incidence and risk factors of adverse effects of OGTT in patients who underwent bariatric surgery, in addition to proposing standardization for ordering the OGTT in these patients. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: This study assessed the incidence of adverse effects in 128 post-bariatric surgery patients who underwent the OGTT. Descriptive and logistic regression analysis were performed, the dependent variables were defined as the presence of signs (tremor, profuse sweating, tachycardia), symptoms (nausea, diarrhea, dizziness, weakness), and hypoglycemia (blood glucose ≤ 50 mg/dL). RESULTS: One hundred and seventeen participants (91.4%) were female; 38 (29.7%) participants were pregnant. High incidence (64.8%) of adverse effects was observed: nausea (38.4%), dizziness (30.5%), weakness (25.8%), diarrhea (23.4%), hypoglycemia (14.8%), tachycardia (14.1%), tremor (13.3%), profuse sweating (12.5%) and one case of severe hypoglycemia (24 mg/dL). The presence of signs was associated with hypoglycemia (OR = 8.1, CI 95% 2.6-25.1). The arterial hypertension persisted as a risk factor for the incidence of signs (OR = 3.6, CI 95% 1.2-11.3). Fasting glucose below 75 mg/dL increased the risk of hypoglycemia during the test (OR = 9.5, CI 95% 2.6-35.1). CONCLUSION: In this study, high incidence of adverse effects during the OGTT was observed in post-bariatric surgery patients. If these results are confirmed by further studies, the indication and regulation of the OGTT procedure must be reviewed for these patients.
Fetal growth restriction and consequences for the offspring in animal models.; OBJECTIVE: In the present review we discuss rat models in which intra-uterine growth restriction is obtained through pharmacological (streptozotocin), dietary (global food restriction, low protein diet), or surgical (uterine artery ligation) manipulation of the maternal animal. METHODS: A MEDLINE search was performed on rat models of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), ie, streptozotocin, food restriction, low protein diet, or uterine artery ligation and pregnancy and fetal programming, long-term effects or adult offspring. RESULTS: We address the impact of the different maternal conditions for the fetal and neonatal development. The rat models we concentrate on were all associated with fetal hypoinsulinemia and intrauterine growth restriction. Both fetus and neonate adapt to the altered perinatal environment. Some of these adaptations may predispose the offspring to the development of insulin resistance, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and even overt diabetes in later life. CONCLUSION: The adaptations of the fetal metabolism to the altered intrauterine environment have consequences for the offspring, persisting into adulthood and into the next generation.
Maternal arterial stiffness in pregnancies affected by Type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIM: There is little information about maternal central haemodynamics and arterial stiffness in pregnancies affected by Type 1 diabetes mellitus. The aim of the current study was to investigate whether maternal arterial stiffness is altered in pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study involving 37 pregnant women without diabetes and 37 pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus during the second trimester of pregnancy. Maternal wave reflection (augmentation index) and pulse wave velocity of the carotid-femoral and carotid-radial part of the arterial tree were assessed non-invasively using applanation tonometry. RESULTS: Pregnant women with normal pregnancies and Type 1 diabetes mellitus had similar augmentation index (3.7 +/- 12.8 vs. 5.1 +/- 12.6%, P = 0.6), even after adjusting for possible confounders. Within the group of diabetic women, augmentation index was associated with duration of diabetes (P = 0.003, r(2) = 0.22) but not with glycated haemoglobin. Pulse wave velocities were similar between the two groups of women (carotid-femoral: 5.6 +/- 0.9 vs. 5.7 +/- 1.1 m/s, P = 0.4; carotid-radial: 7.4 +/- 1.2 vs. 7.8 +/- 1 m/s, P = 0.1). In the diabetic women there was no significant association between the pulse wave velocities and either duration of diabetes or glycated haemoglobin. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in women with Type 1 diabetes mellitus is not associated with altered maternal systemic arterial stiffness. However, maternal wave reflections increase with the duration of diabetes.
Migraines during pregnancy linked to stroke and vascular diseases: US population based case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between migraine and cardiovascular diseases during pregnancy. Design US population based case-control study. SETTING: Nationwide inpatient sample, from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. Population 18,345,538 pregnancy related discharges from 2000 to 2003. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Diagnosis of migraine, as identified by ICD-9 codes 346.0 and 346.1. Stroke and other vascular diseases were identified by using standard ICD-9 codes. RESULTS: From the hospital discharges with a pregnancy discharge code, 33 956 migraine codes were identified: 185 per 100 000 deliveries. Diagnoses that were jointly associated with migraine codes during pregnancy (excluding pre-eclampsia) were stroke (odds ratio 15.05, 95% confidence interval 8.26 to 27.4), myocardial infarction/heart disease (2.11, 1.76 to 2.54), pulmonary embolus/venous thromboembolism (3.23, 2.06 to 7.07), and hypertension (8.61, 6.43 to 11.54), as well as pre-eclampsia/gestational hypertension (2.29, 2.13 to 2.46), smoking (2.85, 2.53 to 3.21), and diabetes (1.96, 1.64 to 2.35). However, migraine was not associated with several non-vascular diagnoses (pneumonia, transfusions, postpartum infection or haemorrhage). CONCLUSIONS: In this large, population based sample of pregnant women admitted to hospital, a strong relation existed between active peripartum migraine and vascular diagnoses during pregnancy. Because these data do not allow determination of which came first, migraine or the vascular condition, prospective studies of pregnant women are needed to explore this association further.
The impacts of diabetes in pregnancy on hippocampal synaptogenesis in rat neonates.; Diabetes during the pregnancy period impairs hippocampal development, and is associated with neurocognitive and neurobehavioral problems in the offspring. Synaptogenesis is one of the most important events in the development of the nervous system, and is known as a mechanism by which the memory process takes place. Synaptophysin (SYP) is an integral membrane protein of synaptic vesicles in the hippocampus involved also in learning and memory. The present study aimed to examine the effects of maternal diabetes on the expression and distribution pattern of SYP, as a marker of synaptogenesis, in the developing rat hippocampus using Immunofluorescence staining and real-time PCR. Wistar female rats were maintained as diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition and male offspring was euthanized at postnatal day (P) 0, 7, and 14. Our results showed a significant down-regulation in mRNA expression of SYP in the offspring born to diabetic animals at P7, and P14 (P ⩽ 0.05 each). Regarding to the density of SYP expressing hippocampal neurons, we found a marked decrease in the distribution pattern of SYP in all hippocampal subfields of Streptozotocin (STZ)-D group rat neonates, especially in one and two weeks of age (P ⩽ 0.05 each). Moreover, the results revealed no significant changes in either gene expression or distribution pattern of SYP--positive neurons in insulin-treated group compared with the controls. The present study demonstrated that diabetes in pregnancy has negative impacts on synaptogenesis in the offspring's hippocampus. Furthermore, the rigid maternal glycaemia control by insulin treatment in most cases normalized these effects.
WWOX and metabolic regulation in normal and pathological conditions.; WW domain-containing oxidoreductase (WWOX) spans the common fragile site FRA16D. There is evidence that translocations and deletions affecting WWOX accompanied by loss of expression are frequent in many cancers and often correlate with a worse prognosis. Additionally, WWOX germline mutations were also found to be the cause of pathologies of brain development. Because WWOX binds to some transcription factors, it is a modulator of many cellular processes, including metabolic processes. Recently, studies have linked WWOX to familial dyslipidemias, osteopenia, metabolic syndrome, and gestational diabetes, confirming its role as a regulator of steroid, cholesterol, glucose, and normal bone metabolism. The WW domain of WWOX is directly engaged in the control of the activity of transcription factors such as HIF1α and RUNX2; therefore, WWOX gene alterations are associated with some metabolic abnormalities. Presently, most interest is devoted to the associations between WWOX and glucose and basic energy metabolism disturbances. In particular, its involvement in the initiation of the Warburg effect in cancer or gestational diabetes and type II diabetes is of interest. This review is aimed at systematically and comprehensively presenting the current state of knowledge about the participation of WWOX in the metabolism of healthy and diseased organisms.
Air Pollution, Oxidative Stress, and Diabetes: a Life Course Epidemiologic Perspective.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Ambient air pollution is strongly linked to cardiovascular and respiratory diseases. We summarize available published evidence regarding similar associations with diabetes across the life course. RECENT FINDINGS: We performed a life-course survey of the recent literature, including prenatal, gestational, childhood/adolescence, and adult exposures to air pollution. Oxidative stress is identified as a key factor in both metabolic dysfunction and the effects of air pollution exposure, especially from fossil fuel combustion products, providing a plausible mechanism for air pollution-diabetes associations. The global burden of diabetes attributed to air pollution exposure is substantial, with a recent estimate that ambient fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) exposure contributes to more than 200,000 deaths from diabetes annually. There is a growing body of literature linking air pollution exposure during childhood and adulthood with diabetes etiology and related cardiometabolic biomarkers. A small number of studies found that exposure to air pollution during pregnancy is associated with elevated gestational diabetes risk among mothers. Studies examining prenatal air pollution exposure and diabetes risk among the offspring, as well as potential transgenerational effects of air pollution exposure, are very limited thus far. This review provides insight into how air pollutants affect diabetes and other metabolic dysfunction-related diseases across the different life stages.
Influence of Gestational Diabetes and Pregestational Maternal BMI on the Brain of Six-Year-Old Offspring.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GD) and maternal excess weight are common pregnancy conditions that increase the risk of future complications for both the mother and her offspring. Their consequences on neurodevelopment are widely described in the literature, but less is known concerning the potential transgenerational influence on the brain structure. METHODS: We used a combination of support vectors machine and hierarchical clustering to investigate the potential presence of anatomical brain differences in a sample of 109 children aged six years, born to mothers with overweight or obesity, or to mothers diagnosed with GD during pregnancy. RESULTS: Significant effects are visible in the brain of children born to mothers with GD associated with pregestational excess weight, especially overweight instead of obesity. No differences in children's brain were observed when considering those born to normal-weight mothers. CONCLUSIONS: Our study highlights the need for clinical attention of pregnant women at risk to develop GD, and especially those with pregestational excess weight, since this status was found to be associated with detectable transgenerational brain changes. These effects may be due to the absence of specific and individualized intervention in these mothers during pregnancy.
Spontaneous rupture of the liver in pregnancy.; A case of spontaneous rupture of the liver in pregnancy, fatal to mother and child, is described. The patient, a multiparous, 36-year-old diabetic, presented in the 27th week of pregnancy with upper abdominal pains resembling biliary dyskinesia. After 8 hours' observation in the hospital she suddenly developed hypovolaemic shock and fetal heart tones disappeared. On acute cesarean section a dead fetus was delivered. Hemoperiteoneum was present, arising from a huge subcapsular hematoma of the right lobe of the liver, with rupture of Glisson's capsule. The hematoma was evaluated and tears in the liver parenchyma sutured. Disseminated intravasal coagulation complicated the early postoperative cause. A bacterial infection supervened later and the patient died in a septic stage on the 19th postoperative day. The literature is reviewed, and it is pointed out that greater awareness of the diagnosis could lead to better timing of surgery and an improved prognosis for mother and child.
ATLANTIC DIP: pregnancy outcome for women with pregestational diabetes along the Irish Atlantic seaboard.; OBJECTIVE: Prospective evaluation of pregnancy outcomes in pregestational diabetes along the Atlantic seaboard 2006-2007. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The Atlantic Diabetes in Pregnancy group, representing five antenatal centers in a wide geographical location, was established in 2005. All women with diabetes for >6 months before the index pregnancy were included. Results were collected electronically via the DIAMOND Diabetes Information System. Pregnancy outcome was compared with background rates. RESULTS: There were 104 singleton pregnancies. The stillbirth rate (25/1,000) was 5 times, perinatal mortality rate (25/1,000) 3.5 times, and congenital malformation rate (24/1,000) 2 times that of the background population. A total of 28% of women received prepregnancy care, 43% received prepregnancy folic acid, and 51% achieved an A1C <or=7% at first antenatal visit. CONCLUSIONS: Women are not well prepared for pregnancy, and outcomes are suboptimal. A regional prepregnancy care program and centralized glucose management are urgently needed.
Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics-2021 Update: A Report From the American Heart Association.; BACKGROUND: The American Heart Association, in conjunction with the National Institutes of Health, annually reports the most up-to-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular risk factors, including core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity, diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, heart failure, valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral artery disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). METHODS: The American Heart Association, through its Statistics Committee, continuously monitors and evaluates sources of data on heart disease and stroke in the United States to provide the most current information available in the annual Statistical Update. The 2021 Statistical Update is the product of a full year's worth of effort by dedicated volunteer clinicians and scientists, committed government professionals, and American Heart Association staff members. This year's edition includes data on the monitoring and benefits of cardiovascular health in the population, an enhanced focus on social determinants of health, adverse pregnancy outcomes, vascular contributions to brain health, the global burden of cardiovascular disease, and further evidence-based approaches to changing behaviors related to cardiovascular disease. RESULTS: Each of the 27 chapters in the Statistical Update focuses on a different topic related to heart disease and stroke statistics. CONCLUSIONS: The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policy makers, media professionals, clinicians, health care administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions.
Cardiometabolic Pregnancy Complications in Association With Autism-Related Traits as Measured by the Social Responsiveness Scale in ECHO.; Prior work has examined associations between cardiometabolic pregnancy complications and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) but not how these complications may relate to social communication traits more broadly. We addressed this question within the Environmental Influences on Child Health Outcomes program, with 6,778 participants from 40 cohorts conducted from 1998-2021 with information on ASD-related traits via the Social Responsiveness Scale. Four metabolic pregnancy complications were examined individually, and combined, in association with Social Responsiveness Scale scores, using crude and adjusted linear regression as well as quantile regression analyses. We also examined associations stratified by ASD diagnosis, and potential mediation by preterm birth and low birth weight, and modification by child sex and enriched risk of ASD. Increases in ASD-related traits were associated with obesity (β = 4.64, 95% confidence interval: 3.27, 6.01) and gestational diabetes (β = 5.21, 95% confidence interval: 2.41, 8.02), specifically, but not with hypertension or preeclampsia. Results among children without ASD were similar to main analyses, but weaker among ASD cases. There was not strong evidence for mediation or modification. Results suggest that common cardiometabolic pregnancy complications may influence child ASD-related traits, not only above a diagnostic threshold relevant to ASD but also across the population.
[The outcome of pregnancy and delivery in primigravid pregnancy with Kearn-Sayre's syndrome].; The Kearn-Sayre's syndrome is an uncommon, non-hereditary disease which belongs to the group of mitochondrial myopathy. The characteristic symptoms of this syndrome often appear before the age of 20. In this report we describe the outcome of primigravid pregnancy of a 33 year old woman with early diagnosed Kearn-Sayre's syndrome.
Obstetric care in diabetic pregnancy.; In diabetic pregnancy near-normalization of maternal blood glucose levels improves the perinatal outcome. Strict metabolic control can be achieved by self-monitoring of blood glucose in ambulant praxis. The obstetric supervision may now therefore be organized on an out-patient basis aiming at early recognition of pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and deviation in fetal growth. For uncomplicated and well-controlled diabetes without vascular complications the obstetric care should be individualized and routine programmes for obstetric surveillance, such as fetal heart rate monitoring and determination of fetal maturity, are usually not necessary. Special attention should, however, be paid to patients with poor metabolic control or vascular complications, particularly in the presence of disturbances of intra-uterine growth.
Hypertension during pregnancy in South Australia, part 2: risk factors for adverse maternal and/or perinatal outcome - results of multivariable analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To identify factors associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes among women with hypertension during pregnancy. DESIGN: A population-based retrospective multivariable analysis using the South Australian perinatal data collection. METHODS: Perinatal data on 70,386 singleton births in 1998-2001 were used in multivariable analyses on three groups: all women combined, all hypertensive women and women with pregnancy hypertension only, in order to identify independent risk factors for requirement for level II/III care, preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA) birth and maternal length of stay greater than 7 days. RESULTS: The risks for the four morbidities were all increased among women with hypertension compared with normotensive women. Those with pre-existing hypertension had the lowest risk (with odds ratios (OR) 1.26-2.90). Pregnancy hypertension held the intermediate position (OR 1.52-5.70), while superimposed pre-eclampsia was associated with the highest risk (OR 2.00-8.75). Among women with hypertension, Aboriginality, older maternal age, nulliparity and pre-existing or gestational diabetes increased the risk for level II/III nursery care, preterm birth and prolonged hospital stay. Smokers had shorter stays, which may be related to their decreased risk of having a Caesarean section or operative vaginal delivery. Asian women, Aboriginal women, smokers and unemployed women had an increased risk for having an SGA baby, while women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes had a reduced risk. CONCLUSIONS: Among hypertensive pregnant women, nulliparity, older maternal age, Aboriginality, unemployment and diabetes are independent risk factors for one or more major adverse pregnancy outcomes. Smoking does not always worsen the outcome for hypertensive women except for SGA births.
A randomized comparative trial of the efficacy and safety of exercise during pregnancy: design and methods.; Use of an exercise intervention for high-risk and vulnerable populations, such as pregnant women at risk for gestational hypertension or preeclampsia, requires special consideration. A comparative trial testing the effects of two types of physical exercises - stretching (a comparator) and walking (a testing intervention) - for sedentary pregnant women at risk for preeclampsia - is presented in this paper. The study was designed to reduce post-randomization bias and dropout rates from both groups, and closely to monitor safety of subjects. The strengths of the study design and methods include use of a run-in phase; use of a stretching exercise as a comparator; multiple ways to measure daily physical activities and the exercise intervention; and tailored support to remove barriers to exercise for subjects. The intervention consists of 40 min of walking at moderate intensity (i.e., 55-69% of maximum heart rate and rating of perceived exhaustion 12-13) five times a week from 18 weeks gestation until birth. The comparator exercise consists of 40 min of stretching exercise without increasing heart rate to more than 10% of resting heart rate, five times a week from 18 weeks gestation until birth. The primary outcome is the incidence of preeclampsia. Secondary outcomes include the physiologic effects of the intervention and birth outcomes.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-Term Mortality in Women.; IMPORTANCE: Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm delivery or preeclampsia, have higher future risks of cardiometabolic disorders; however, little is known about their long-term mortality risks. A better understanding of such risks is needed to facilitate early identification of high-risk women and preventive actions. OBJECTIVE: To determine long-term mortality risks associated with 5 major adverse pregnancy outcomes in a large population-based cohort of women. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This national cohort study in Sweden used the Swedish Medical Birth Register, containing prenatal and birth information for nearly all deliveries in Sweden since 1973, to identify women who had a singleton delivery during 1973 to 2015. All 2 195 667 such women with information for pregnancy duration and infant birth weight were included in the study. Data were analyzed from March to September 2023. EXPOSURE: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (preterm delivery, small for gestational age, preeclampsia, other hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes), identified from nationwide birth records. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES: All-cause and cause-specific mortality through December 31, 2018. Cox regression was used to compute hazard ratios (HRs) for mortality associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for other maternal factors. Cosibling analyses assessed for confounding by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. RESULTS: In 56 million person-years of follow-up to a median (IQR) age of 52 (42-61) years, 88 055 women (4%) died (median [IQR] age at death, 59 [50-67] years). All 5 adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased mortality. Across the entire follow-up (≤46 years after delivery), adjusted HRs for all-cause mortality associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were as follows: gestational diabetes, 1.52 (95% CI, 1.46-1.58); preterm delivery, 1.41 (95% CI, 1.37-1.44); small for gestational age, 1.30 (95% CI, 1.28-1.32); other hypertensive disorders, 1.27 (95% CI, 1.19-1.37); and preeclampsia, 1.13 (95% CI, 1.10-1.16). All HRs remained significantly elevated even 30 to 46 years after delivery. These effect sizes were only partially (0%-45%) reduced after controlling for shared familial factors in cosibling analyses. Women who experienced multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes had further increases in risk. Several major causes of death were identified, including cardiovascular and respiratory disorders and diabetes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this large national cohort study, women who experienced any of 5 major adverse pregnancy outcomes had increased mortality risks that remained elevated more than 40 years later. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes need early preventive evaluation and long-term follow-up for detection and treatment of chronic disorders associated with premature mortality.
Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and subsequent cardiovascular morbidity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the mother.; Minimal data exist concerning the relationship between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and various subsequent cardiovascular events and the effect of type 2 diabetes mellitus on these. In a registry-based cohort study, we identified women delivering in Denmark from 1978 to 2007 with a first singleton (n=782 287) and 2 first consecutive singleton deliveries (n=536 419). The exposures were gestational hypertension and mild and severe preeclampsia. We adjusted for preterm delivery, small for gestational age, placental abruption, and stillbirth and, in a second model, we also adjusted for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The end points were subsequent hypertension, ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure, thromboembolic event, stroke, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The risk of subsequent hypertension was increased 5.31-fold (range: 4.90 to 5.75) after gestational hypertension, 3.61-fold (range: 3.43 to 3.80) after mild preeclampsia, and 6.07-fold (range: 5.45 to 6.77) after severe preeclampsia. The risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus was increased 3.12-fold (range: 2.63 to 3.70) after gestational hypertension and 3.68-fold (range: 3.04 to 4.46) after severe preeclampsia. Women having 2 pregnancies both complicated by preeclampsia had a 6.00-fold (range: 5.40 to 6.67) increased risk of subsequent hypertension compared with 2.70-fold (range: 2.51 to 2.90) for women having preeclampsia in their first pregnancy only and 4.34-fold (range: 3.98 to 4.74) for women having preeclampsia in their second pregnancy only. The risk of subsequent thromboembolism was 1.03-fold (range: 0.73 to 1.45), 1.53-fold (range: 1.32 to 1.77), and 1.91-fold (range: 1.35 to 2.70) increased after gestational hypertension and mild and severe preeclampsia, respectively. Thus, hypertensive pregnancy disorders are strongly associated with subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension, the latter independent of subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus. The severity, parity, and recurrence of these hypertensive pregnancy disorders increase the risk of subsequent cardiovascular events.
Probiotics Properties: A Focus on Pregnancy Outcomes.; A healthy microbiome plays an important role in the prevention of illness and maintenance of overall health, including reproductive health. Although the therapeutic advantages of probiotics have been shown to run across multiple organ systems, their role in pregnancy is not well explored. The aim of this review is to highlight the potential advantages and adverse effects of probiotics in pregnancy. Data were collected from the literature over the past decade using PubMed, Medline, Google Scholar, Ovid, Scopus, and Science Direct. A total of 40 articles were utilized in this review. Collected data indicated that prenatal and post-natal supplementation with lactobacilli alone or lactobacilli with Bifidobacterium spp. seems to be protective. Probiotics may improve insulin resistance and consequently reduce the risk of gestational diabetes. Probiotics may also reduce anxiety and depression by influencing brain activity. Additionally, they interfere with vaginal flora to make it friendlier to beneficial bacteria, and enhance anti-inflammatory or reduce pro-inflammatory cytokines. They may also decrease eczema in breastfed infants and prevent allergic reactions by downregulating Th2 responses to specific allergens from mid to late gestation. Leveraging the cervicovaginal microbiota could promote a number of positive pregnancy-related health outcomes. Caution should be exercised in the selection, dosing, and monitoring of probiotics administration. More comprehensive randomized clinical trials are needed to reach a more meaningful evidence-based clinical knowledge.
Pregnancy outcomes in women after bariatric surgery compared with obese and morbidly obese controls.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the rates of pregnancy outcomes of women after bariatric surgery relative to women in a control groups. METHODS: The study was a chart review. Presurgery and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) were calculated for 70 patients who had undergone bariatric surgery and who had a subsequent singleton pregnancy. Four control patients were then randomly selected for each case patient: two with a BMI within 6 points of the average presurgery BMI and two with a BMI within 6 points of the average prepregnancy BMI. The primary outcomes were the rates of gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. RESULTS: There was a significant decrease in rate of gestational diabetes in bariatric surgery patients (0.0%) as compared with both control groups (morbidly obese 16.4%, obese 9.3%; corrected odds ratio (OR)morbidly obese 0.04, with a 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.00-0.62, P<.01; corrected OR obese 0.07, CI 0.00-1.20, P=.01). There was no significant difference in the rate of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy with bariatric surgery. Additionally, neonates were significantly more likely to be small for gestational age (SGA) in the bariatric surgery group (17.4%) than the morbidly obese group (5.0%) (OR 3.94, CI 1.47-10.53, P<.01). CONCLUSION: Bariatric surgery is associated with reduction in gestational diabetes in a subsequent pregnancy, but possibly at the expense of an increase in SGA neonates.
History of gestational diabetes, insulin resistance and coronary risk.; The purpose of this study was to examine characteristics associated with the insulin metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance, abnormal glucose tolerance, dyslipidemia, obesity, and elevated blood pressure, among women who have experienced gestational diabetes. 39 nondiabetic, young (20-42 years), postpartum (3-18 months) white women were recruited from obstetrical clinics. Twenty-one women had a history of gestational diabetes; 18 had uncomplicated pregnancies. Multivariate analyses revealed a significant difference between groups in insulin resistance (M, measured by euglycemic clamp) and insulin levels (from an oral glucose tolerance test), with insulin resistance showing a statistically stronger difference than insulin levels. Groups also differed significantly when compared on a set of variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome: glucose tolerance, triglycerides, blood pressure, and body-mass index. Using insulin resistance as a covariate eliminated these group differences, suggesting that insulin resistance is the key factor underlying insulin metabolic syndrome. The higher risk of later developing type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women who have a history of gestational diabetes is explicable by their poorer profile on variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome, and appears to be attributable to insulin resistance. Thus, insulin resistance appears to distinguish young women at risk for cardiovascular disease.
Prenatal diagnosis of complete atrioventricular canal associated with tetralogy of Fallot.; A complete atrioventricular canal defect occurs when an embryonic common atrioventricular valve fails to divide completely into 2 common atrioventricular valves. Tetralogy of Fallot is an abnormal embryologic development in which an unequal conotruncal division results in a small pulmonary artery and a large aortic artery. We report a case of prenatal diagnosis of a complete atrioventricular canal defect associated with tetralogy of Fallot.
Poor glycaemic control contributes to a shift towards prothrombotic and antifibrinolytic state in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus.; OJECTIVES: Thrombotic and antifibrinolytic influence of Diabetes mellitus type 1 (T1DM) on haemostasis have been well demonstrated. There has been no research assessing the influence of poor glycemic control on thrombus formation under flow conditions in vitro or in pregnant type 1 diabetic women to date. PATIENTS/METHODS: This study compared singleton pregnant T1DM women (n = 21) and control pregnant subjects without any metabolic disease (n = 15). The T1DM group was divided into two subgroups of sufficient (SGC-DM; HbA1c ≤6,5%,n = 15) and poor glycaemic control (PGC-DM; HbA1c >6,5%,n = 6). Evaluation of the whole blood thrombogenicity we assessed using T-TAS® at a shear rate of 240 s-1 (Total-Thrombus Analysis System, Zacros, Japan). RESULTS: Blood clot formation initiation time (T10) was significantly shortened in PGC-DM subgroup when compared to SGC-DM subgroup (p = 0,03). The area under the curve (AUC30) of blood clot time formation and the MPV (mean platelet volume) values were substantially higher in the PGC-DM subgroup in comparison to the SGC-DM group (p = 0,03). Negative correlations were noted between HbA1c and T10 values (p = 0,02) and between T10 and MPV values in the T1DM group (p = 0,04). CONCLUSIONS: Poor glycaemic control in T1DM subjects triggers a shift towards a prothrombotic and antifibrinolytic state. This phenomenon can be detected using the novel system for quantitative assessment of the platelet thrombus formation process under flow conditions in vitro. The alteration of T-TAS values in PGC-DM subgroup proves that a poor glycemic control-related shift of the equilibrium toward thrombogenesis occurs in this group of patients. Our findings need a further elucidation in research on more massive data sets to be confirmed.
Obstructive sleep apnea and pregnancy: the effect on perinatal outcomes.; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is characterized by repeated episodes of upper airway obstruction, resulting in hypoxemia, hypercapnia and sleep fragmentation. Pathophysiological sequelae include sympathetic activation, increased oxidative stress and a generalized inflammatory response, culminating in endothelial dysfunction. These are the proposed mechanisms that mediate the increased risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease among patients with OSA outside of pregnancy. It is intriguing to consider the consequences of these events on pregnancy outcomes. There is a growing literature on the impact of maternal OSA on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes and impaired fetal growth. The data, while promising, require confirmation with larger numbers to verify the findings. OSA may be an important mediator of the poor perinatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity; moreover, one which may be amenable to treatment. This review discusses OSA and summarizes the current literature linking OSA with adverse perinatal outcomes.
Pregnancy-onset habitual snoring, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia: prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to prospectively examine the impact of chronic vs pregnancy-onset habitual snoring on gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Third-trimester pregnant women were recruited from a large, tertiary medical center from March 2007 through December 2010 and screened for the presence and duration of habitual snoring, as a known marker for sleep-disordered breathing. Clinical diagnoses of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes were obtained. RESULTS: Of 1719 pregnant women, 34% reported snoring, with 25% reporting pregnancy-onset snoring. After adjusting for confounders, pregnancy-onset, but not chronic, snoring was independently associated with gestational hypertension (odds ratio, 2.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.48-3.77; P < .001) and preeclampsia (odds ratio, 1.59; 95% confidence interval, 1.06-2.37; P = .024) but not gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: New-onset snoring during pregnancy is a strong risk factor for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. In view of the significant morbidity and health care costs associated with hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, simple screening of pregnant women may have clinical utility.
Perinatal outcome and long-term infectious hospitalizations of offspring born to women with known drug allergy.; PROBLEM: Maternal drug allergy has been associated with altered immune status and an inflammatory environment, which may affect the risk of future infectious diseases in the offspring. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to evaluate perinatal outcomes and long-term infectious hospitalization in the offspring of women with documented drug allergy. METHOD OF STUDY: The study was conducted at the Soroka University Medical Center (SUMC), a tertiary medical center. For perinatal outcomes, generalized estimation equation (GEE) models were used controlling for maternal age, maternal diabetes mellitus, smoking, and hypertensive disorders. The study groups were followed until 18 years of age for infectious-related hospitalizations. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare the cumulative incidence of long-term infectious hospitalizations. A Cox proportional hazards model was conducted to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period, 243 682 deliveries met the inclusion criteria, of which 9756 (4.0%) occurred in women with documented drug allergy. Using GEE, maternal drug allergy was found to be a significant independent risk factor for hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR), and preterm delivery. Offspring also had significantly higher rates of long-term infectious hospitalizations. Kaplan-Meier survival curves demonstrated significantly higher cumulative incidence rates of infectious hospitalization (log-rank p < .001). In a Cox proportional hazards model, being born to a mother with documented drug allergy was independently associated with infectious hospitalization of the offspring in the long term. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal documented drug allergy is independently associated with an adverse perinatal outcome such as IUGR and preterm delivery and increased risk of long-term infectious hospitalization of the offspring.
[Renal vein thrombosis in the newborn infant].; In a child born with traumatism to a diabetic mother, an acute thrombosis of the left renal vein occurred. An arteriography performed at the acute stage, established the diagnosis. The newborn received urokinase and heparin administered through an arterial catheterism. An arteriography, repeated at the 3rd day, showed an improvement in the vascularization of the kidney, which returned to normal functions. The radiological symptons of renal vein thrombosis are reviewed including the arteriography which is never used for the diagnosis in newborns. The interest of the use of urokinase and its efficiency in this disorder are discussed. This therapy harmless and efficient seems of interest. Such a therapy has to be tried because of the failure of isolated heparin-therapy and of the sequellae which may be observed after spontaneous recovery or after anticoagulant treatment.
Low Birth Weight Increases the Risk of Sudden Cardiac Death in the Young: A Nationwide Study of 2.2 Million People.; Background Sudden cardiac death (SCD) constitutes a major health problem worldwide. We investigated whether birth weight (BW), small for gestational age (SGA), and large for gestational age are associated with altered risk of SCD among the young (aged 1-36 years). Methods and Results We included all people born in Denmark from 1973 to 2008 utilizing the Danish Medical Birth Register. All SCDs in Denmark in 2000 to 2009 have previously been identified. We defined 5 BW groups, SGA, and large for gestational age as exposure and SCD as the outcome. We estimated the age-specific relative risk of SCD with 95% CI. Additionally, we investigated if SGA and large for gestational age are associated with pathological findings at autopsy. The study population for the BW analyses comprised 2 234 501 people with 389 SCD cases, and the SGA and large for gestational age analyses comprised 1 786 281 people with 193 SCD cases. The relative risk for SCD was 6.69 for people with BW between 1500 and 2499 g (95% CI, 2.38-18.80, P<0.001) and 5.89 for people with BW ≥4500 g (95% CI, 1.81-19.12, P=0.003) at age 5 years. BW 2500 to 3400 g was the reference group. Compared with an appropriate gestational age, the relative risk for SGA was 2.85 (95% CI, 1.35-6.00, P=0.006) at age 10 years. For the autopsied cases, the relative risk of sudden arrhythmic death syndrome at age 5 years was 4.19 for SGA (95% CI, 1.08-16.22, P=0.038). Conclusions We found an association between BW and SCD in the young, with an increased risk among SGA infants. In addition, we found an association between SGA and sudden arrhythmic death syndrome.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction in insulin-resistant women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (p-GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) later in life, and therefore at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Three months after delivery we investigated the plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1), tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA), fibrinogen and von Willebrand factor (vWF) in 74 women with p-GDM and 20 healthy females with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy, as well as the relation of fibrinolytic parameters to insulin resistance and glycaemic control. All women underwent an oral (OGTT) as well as an intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). Mathematical model analysis disclosed that 50% (n=37 each) of the p-GDM subjects had normal (NIS) or impaired (IIS) insulin sensitivity. Parameters of interest were determined using commercially available test systems. RESULTS: Women with p-GDM and IIS had significantly increased body fat mass (BFM) (P<or=0.001) compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and controls, whereas the waist to hip ratio (WHR) was similar in both p-GDM groups but was higher compared with the controls (P<or=0.001). Mean PAI-1 and t-PA as well as fasting and stimulated plasma concentrations of proinsulin, C-peptide and insulin were elevated, whereas the disposition index was lower in women with p-GDM and IIS compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and the controls (P<0.001). Plasma levels of fibrinogen and vWF did not differ between the groups. Obese women with IIS had higher PAI-1 levels than lean women with IIS (P<or=0.001). PAI-1 inversely correlated with the insulin sensitivity index (SI) but only in women with IIS (P<0.0001). On regression analysis, only fasting proinsulin and WHR remained significant independent predictors of PAI-1 elevation in IIS (P<or=0.0001 and P<or=0.001). The PAI-1/SI ratio was elevated in women with IIS independently of their glucose tolerance status (P<0.001 vs. NIS and controls). CONCLUSIONS: Plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 is elevated in p-GDM women with IIS and depends on plasma proinsulin and abdominal obesity. An increase of the PAI-1/SI ratio further characterizes obese insulin-resistant p-GDM women who may be at risk for diabetes and angiopathy.
Alterations in the structural characteristics of rectus abdominis muscles caused by diabetes and pregnancy: A comparative study of the rat model and women.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: In the present study, we compared the effect of diabetic pregnancy on the rectus abdominis muscle (RAM) in humans and rats. We hypothesized that our animal model could provide valuable information about alterations in the RAM of women with Gestational Diabetes (GDM). METHOD: Newborns female rats (n = 10/group) were administered streptozotocin (100 mg/kg body weight) subcutaneously and were mated on reaching adulthood, to develop the mild hyperglycemic pregnant (MHP) rat model. At the end of pregnancy, the mothers were sacrificed, and the RAM tissue was collected. Pregnant women without GDM (non-GDM group; n = 10) and those diagnosed with GDM (GDM group; n = 8) and undergoing treatment were recruited, and RAM samples were obtained at C-section. The RAM architecture and the distribution of the fast and slow fibers and collagen were studied by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: No statistically significant differences in the maternal and fetal characters were observed between the groups in both rats and women. However, significant changes in RAM architecture were observed. Diabetes in pregnancy increased the abundance of slow fibers and decreased fast fiber number and area in both rats and women. A decrease in collagen distribution was observed in GDM women; however, a similar change was not observed in the MHP rats. CONCLUSION: Our results indicated that pregnancy- associated diabetes- induced similar structural adaptations in the RAM of women and rats with slight alterations in fiber type number and area. These findings suggest that the MHP rat model can be used for studying the effects of pregnancy-associated diabetes on the fiber structure of RAM.
[Clinical study on preproliferative and proliferative diabetic retinopathy].; A long-term follow-up study was carried out on 159 cases (245 eyes) of pre-proliferative and proliferative diabetic retinopathy. In 75 percent of the series, diabetic retinopathy progressed and visual acuity markedly decreased. Argon Iaser panretinal photocoagulation was performed and followed-up in 80 of the cases (138 eyes). 50.72% of these obtained good results, visual acuity improved by more than 2 lines. Only 10.14% of the treated series showed progression of the disorder. There were 10 cases of diabetic mellitus associated with pregnancy. Argon laser panretinal photocoagulation just prior to and after delivery was effective against preproliferative and proliferative diabetic retinopathy. The prognosis of pregnant patients was greatly enhanced.
Major malformations in infants of IDDM women. Vasculopathy and early first-trimester poor glycemic control.; From animal and in vitro studies, it has been suggested that high environmental glucose, ketone, or insulin concentrations and low glucose or insulin concentrations may be etiologic factors for congenital malformations (CMs) in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Transplacental passage of antibody-bound insulin has been demonstrated in humans. Controversy exists regarding the pathophysiology of CMs in human insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) pregnancies. We hypothesized that CMs in IDMs are associated with maternal vasculopathy, poor first-trimester glycemic control (i.e., hyper- and/or hypoglycemia), advanced White class, and high insulin requirements. We studied 165 first pregnancies of women with IDDM from 1978 to 1986. The goals of glucose control were a fasting blood glucose of less than 100 mg/dl and a 90-min postprandial blood glucose of less than 140 mg/dl. Insulin requirements, body weight, and pre- and postprandial blood glucose were recorded at weekly clinic visits. Maternal blood HbA1 was measured on entry and every 4 wk to confirm that adequate glycemic control was achieved. Women who enrolled in the project were interviewed during gestation by a geneticist/dysmorphologist who obtained genetic and environmental histories using a standard questionnaire. All live-born infants and stillbirths were examined. Each live-born infant was assessed systematically by two independent examiners, a neonatologist and a geneticist/dysmorphologist; examination with standardized checklists was performed in the newborn nursery as soon after birth as was practical. In first pregnancies in the study, there were 13 IDMs with major CMs (7.9%).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Association between infertility treatment and intrauterine growth: a multilevel analysis in a retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to identify intrauterine growth differences according to infertility treatment compared with spontaneous conception and to describe intrauterine growth trajectories. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: A single primary and tertiary medical centre in Japan. PARTICIPANTS: This study included singleton pregnant women with prenatal check-ups and delivery at the University of Yamanashi Hospital between 1 July 2012 and 30 September 2017. Patients were divided into four groups: spontaneous conception, infertility treatment without assisted reproductive technology (ART), fresh-embryo transfer and frozen embryo transfer (FET). INTERVENTIONS: Differences in intrauterine growth according to the infertility treatment, including ART, and birth weight were evaluated. Multilevel analysis was employed to evaluate intrauterine growth trajectories stratified by the sex of the offspring. PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURE: Estimated fetal weight (EFW) assessed by ultrasound examination. RESULTS: We assessed data from 37 239 prenatal examination results from 2377 pregnant women (spontaneous conception, n=1764; infertility treatment without ART, n=171; fresh-embryo transfer, n=112; and FET, n=330) in the final analysis. Multilevel analysis was adjusted for gestation duration, gestation period, parity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, type of infertility treatment, maternal age, smoking status, placenta previa, thyroid disease, gestational diabetes mellitus and the interaction between each potential confounding factor and gestation duration. In male fetuses, the interaction between FET and gestational duration (estimate: 0.36; 95% CI: 0.06 to 0.67) significantly affected the EFW. Similarly, in female fetuses, FET (estimate: -69.85; 95% CI: -112.09 to -27.61) and the interaction between FET and gestation duration (estimate: 0.57; 95% CI: 0.28 to 0.87) significantly affected the EFW. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that FET affects intrauterine growth trajectory from the second trimester to term, particularly in female fetuses. Our findings require further prospective research to examine the effect of infertility treatment on fetal growth.
Perinatal nutrition programs the hypothalamic melanocortin system in offspring.; Epidemiological studies initially suggested that maternal undernutrition leading to low birth weight may predispose for long-lasting energy balance disorders. High birth weight due to maternal obesity or diabetes, inappropriate early postnatal nutrition, and rapid catch-up growth, may also sensitize to increased risk of obesity. As stated by the Developmental Origin of Health and Disease concept, the perinatal perturbation of fetus/neonate nutrient supply might be a crucial determinant of individual programming of body weight set-point. The hypothalamic melanocortin system composed of the melanocortin receptor 4, its agonist α-melanin-stimulating hormone (α-MSH), and its antagonist agouti-related protein (AgRP) is considered as the main central anorexigenic pathway controlling energy homeostasis. Studies in numerous animal models demonstrated that this system is a prime target of developmental programming by maternal nutritional manipulation. In rodents, the perinatal period of life corresponds largely to the period of brain maturation (i. e., melanocortin neuronal differentiation and development of their neural projections). In contrast, these phenomena essentially take place before birth in bigger mammals. Despite these different developmental time windows, altricial and precocial species share several common offspring programming mechanisms. Offspring from malnourished dams present a hypothalamic melanocortin system with a series of alterations: impaired neurogenesis and neuronal functionality, disorganization of feeding pathways, modified glucose sensing, and leptin/insulin resistance. Overall, these alterations may account for the long-lasting dysregulation of energy balance and obesity. Following maternal malnutrition, hormonal and epigenetic mechanisms might be responsible for melanocortin system programming in offspring.
Maternal and perinatal characteristics in relation to neuroblastoma.; BACKGROUND: Neuroblastoma is the most common malignancy among infants, but risk factors remain poorly understood. Because most patients present in the first few years of life, it has been hypothesized that prenatal and perinatal exposures may contribute to the pathogenesis of neuroblastoma. METHODS: A population-based case-control study was conducted by using linked birth and cancer registry records from 1980 to 2004 in Washington State. Maternal and infant characteristics from birth and hospital discharge records for 240 cases of neuroblastoma and 2400 controls were compared. RESULTS: Neuroblastoma was associated with the presence of major congenital abnormalities (odds ratio [OR], 6.86; [95% CI], 2.92-16.08), particularly with cardiac abnormalities (OR, 5.84; 95% CI, 1.93-17.66), even after excluding abnormalities near the primary tumor. A borderline association was observed with maternal gestational diabetes (OR, 1.84; 95% CI, 0.98-3.47). The magnitude of both associations was greater when the analysis was limited to children who were diagnosed at age <1 year. CONCLUSIONS: The findings from this population-based study supported prior case-control studies that identified an etiologic link between neuroblastoma and congenital abnormalities. However, to the authors' knowledge, the association between neuroblastoma and maternal diabetes has not been reported previously and requires further study.
Incidence of congenital heart defects in fetuses of diabetic mothers: a retrospective study of 326 cases.; The aim of this study was to quantify the risk of congenital heart disease in diabetic mothers referred for fetal echocardiography. Of 326 diabetic pregnancies seen over a 5-year period, ten (3.1%) resulted in a fetus with congenital heart disease. Nine (90%) of the ten cardiac lesions were identified prenatally, but one fetus had a ventricular septal defect that was overlooked antenatally. Postnatal follow-up was obtained in 312 cases (95.7%). Prenatal echocardiographic examinations were performed at 18-38 weeks of gestation (median 25 weeks) and the median gestational age at diagnosis of congenital heart disease was 22 weeks (range 19-30 weeks). Following the detection of a severe cardiac anomaly, the pregnancy was terminated in three cases. Of the seven continuing pregnancies, two resulted in spontaneous intrauterine death and two babies died within the first 6 months of life. The three survivors are clinically well, but one has required postnatal catheter intervention. Our results confirm that diabetic women are at increased risk of having a baby with congenital heart disease and detailed fetal echocardiography should therefore be offered to all diabetic women during pregnancy.
Maternal diabetes mellitus: which views are essential for fetal echocardiography?; OBJECTIVE: To determine which fetal echocardiography views are essential to detect the majority of cardiac defects in fetuses of women with diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Fetal echocardiograms performed from February 1990 through May 1996 on insulin-requiring women with diabetes were reviewed. Individual component views of the examination were analyzed for the detection of fetal congenital heart defects. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value were calculated. Multiple gestations and patients with additional risk factors for congenital heart defects were excluded. RESULTS: A total of 223 patients were included in the study. There were 11 (4.9%) congenital heart defects, eight of which were conotruncal. When the four-chamber view and outflow tracts appeared normal, additional views such as the ductal and aortic arches did not detect a cardiac defect. The sensitivity of the four-chamber view for detecting an abnormal heart increased from 73% to 82% with the addition of the aortic outflow tract. There were two false-negative and no false-positive diagnoses. CONCLUSION: The four-chamber and outflow tracts are the essential views that will detect most cardiac defects in fetuses of women with insulin-requiring diabetes mellitus.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in twin gestations complicated by gestational diabetes().; Objective: Gestational diabetes (GDM) in singleton pregnancies is known to be associated with an increased risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The data are mixed regarding the effect of GDM on the risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in twin gestations. The objective of our study was to assess the rate of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in twin gestations complicated by GDM.Methods: This is a secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized trial in which twin gestations were assigned to weekly intramuscular injections of progesterone in order to reduce the rate of preterm birth. We included all twin pregnancies with and without GDM. Women with pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, twin pregnancies complicated by twin to twin transfusion syndrome and congenital fetal anomalies were excluded. Our primary outcome was the rate of hypertensive disorders in twin pregnancies complicated by GDM. Our secondary outcomes included the rate of cesarean section, number of neonates who were small for gestational age, Apgar scores, and a composite adverse neonatal outcome. Logistic regression analysis was used to control for confounding variables.Results: Six hundred fourteen twin pregnancies were included, 570 (93%) without GDM and 44 (7%) with GDM. The group with GDM had a significantly higher prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and maternal age, and were more likely to have undergone in vitro fertilization (IVF). The rate of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in the GDM group was significantly higher when compared to the non-GDM group (31.8 versus 17.9%, p = .033, RR 1.78 [95% CI = 1.11-2.84]); however, after adjusting for maternal age, IVF treatment and prepregnancy BMI, this association lost its statistical significance (aRR = 1.36 [95% CI = 0.83-2.21]). The cesarean section rate was higher in the GDM group as compared to the non-GDM group and after adjusting for confounders, the rate of cesarean section was still higher in the GDM group (77.3 versus 61.1%, p = .003, aRR = 1.27 [95% CI = 1.06-1.50]). Neonates born to women in the GDM group were more likely to experience the adverse composite outcome (26.4 versus 8.2%, p = 0.02, RR = 1.81 [95% CI = 1.09-2.99]).Conclusion: In this prospective cohort of twin pregnancies, the rate of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy did not differ between women with and without gestational diabetes after adjusting for maternal age, IVF treatment, race, and prepregnancy BMI. To better target complications associated with GDM in twin gestations, large prospective studies evaluating the effect of GDM on outcomes specifically in twin pregnancies are warranted.
Progression of retinopathy during pregnancy in type 1 diabetic women treated with insulin lispro.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the progression of retinopathy during pregnancy and postpartum in (insulin-dependent) women with type 1 diabetes treated with insulin lispro or with regular human insulin. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A prospective open study of 69 pregnant women with diabetes was performed. A total of 36 of the women were treated with insulin lispro (lispro group) and 33 were treated with conventional short-acting human insulin (regular insulin group). The retinopathy level was estimated by color fundus photography every trimester and postpartum. Glycemic control during pregnancy, hypoglycemia (blood glucose level <3 mmol/l) in 24-h glucose profile, blood pressure, and proteinuria were registered. RESULTS: HbA(1c) values were similar at baseline in the first trimester but thereafter were lower in the lispro group than in the regular insulin group throughout pregnancy (P = 0.022, repeated-measures ANOVA). The number of hypoglycemic episodes did not differ between the treatment groups. In multivariable logistic regression analysis with retinopathy severity (Diabetes Control and Complications Trial level) in the third trimester as the dependent variable, only nulliparity qualified as a predictor in the model [Exp(B) = 4.0, 95% CI 1.1-13.7, P = 0.030]. Factors such as duration of diabetes, type of insulin used, mean HbA(1c) level throughout pregnancy, blood pressure (systolic or diastolic), preeclampsia in the current pregnancy, smoking, or prepregnancy planning did not explain the retinopathy progression. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin lispro improves glycemic control during diabetic pregnancy compared with regular insulin with no adverse impact on progression of diabetic retinopathy.
Clinical Analysis of Abnormal Brainstem Auditory Evoked Potential in Neonates with Hyperbilirubinemia.; BACKGROUND: Severe neonatal hyperbilirubinemia can cause hearing impairment. Bilirubin can be deposited in nerve cells, and the brainstem and the 8th nerve are especially sensitive to bilirubin toxicity. Abnormal changes in brainstem auditory evoked potential (BAEP) can be observed, and the BAEP test measures a nerve potential induced by short, high-frequency sound stimulation; thus, it is able to detect damage to the auditory conduction pathway in children. We aimed to identify relationships between clinical features and BAEP abnormalities in children with hyperbilirubinemia and to assess the predictive power of these risk factors for bilirubin-induced neurological damage. METHODS: Children with hyperbilirubinemia were evaluated with BAEP and retrospectively enrolled in the study between January 2012 and December 2018. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify independent predictors of BAEP abnormalities. RESULTS: Of the 561 children with hyperbilirubinemia enrolled, the BAEP anomaly group accounted for 198 (35.3%) cases. Except for body weight, there were no significant differences in the general data between the two groups with hyperbilirubinemia (p > 0.05). Univariate analysis showed that prematurity, abnormal umbilical cord, and gestational diabetes during pregnancy were significantly correlated with abnormal BAEP. Multivariate logistic regression analysis identified prematurity (p = 0.001), gestational diabetes (p = 0.03), Premature rupture of membranes (p = 0.013), total serum bilirubin (TSB), bilirubin/albumin (B/A) as independent risk factors for BAEP abnormalities. The prediction accuracy of TSB (Area Under Curve (AUC) = 0.557) and B/A (AUC = 0.566) was low, indicating that abnormal BAEP should be detected by multiple factors. CONCLUSIONS: Multivariate detection is beneficial for predicting the occurrence of auditory nerve injury in patients with hyperbilirubinemia.
[Influence of diabetes on mechanics efficiency of pregnant women's feet end risk of diabetic foot].; A foot is a complicated osteoarticular system. The complex structure and variability predispose it to the formation of foot deformity. The cause deformities of the feet are weakened muscle tissue and ligaments, systemic diseases: obesity, musculoskeletal defects, neurological diseases, rheumatism, diabetes, pregnancy, improper shoes or socks. They interfere with the function of the foot and are reflected in the distribution of support points. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of diabetes on pregnancy and the mechanics of the foot and the risk of developing diabetic foot. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study took part in healthy and diseased women with type 1 diabetes in pregnancy. Evaluation of static foot was performed using podoscope, made up of mirrors, lights and camera. The camera described the distribution of the pressure on the glass plate, which the person being investigated was standing on. It recorded the reflection of feet and transmit them to a computer. Description the results consisted of defining relevant indicators. The evaluation was performed using the dynamic pressure Parotec system, the measuring cylinder placed inside the patient's shoe provided with sensors recording the foot pressure distribution on the ground while standing and walking. The data were stored on a memory card loaded into the computer, where the analysis took place. It has been calculated the average values of pressures exerted on the various zones of the foot. RESULTS: It was found that the increase in body weight resulting from the advancement of women pregnancy increases the load exerted on the foot. Forces are growing in subsequent trimesters of pregnancy reaching a maximum at the end of the third trimester. The longitudinal and transverse arches of the foot are reducing. After the birth, the pressure exerted on each area of the foot decreases, arches of the foot are getting back to starting position. CONCLUSIONS: Number of foot deformities is higher in women with type 1 diabetes. It grow the risk of developing diabetic foot syndrome.
Triplet gestation outcomes in relation to maternal prepregnancy body mass index and weight gain.; OBJECTIVE: To study prepregnancy maternal body mass index (BMI) and overall maternal weight gain in triplet gestations in relation to maternal and newborn outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective study of birth certificate data of all live-born triplet gestations occurring between 1999 and 2003 in an eight-county region in New York. An analysis of computerized birth certificate data for variables related to pregnancy and newborn outcomes was conducted, looking at neonatal birth weight, neonatal gestational age, and the occurrence of the maternal pregnancy complications of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. RESULTS: In 56 triplet gestations studied, the prepregnancy BMI was not associated with mean newborn birth weights and gestational age at delivery. The total maternal weight gain was associated with increasing mean birth weight and higher gestational age at delivery. Pregnancy complications in triplet pregnancies of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension were associated with prepregnancy BMI, but not maternal weight gain. CONCLUSION: For triplet gestations, a normal prepregnancy BMI and a total gestational weight gain of at least 15.9 - 20.5 kg (35 - 45 lb) are associated with fewer pregnancy complications.
Associations of Maternal Educational Level, Proximity to Green Space During Pregnancy, and Gestational Diabetes With Body Mass Index From Infancy to Early Adulthood: A Proof-of-Concept Federated Analysis in 18 Birth Cohorts.; International sharing of cohort data for research is important and challenging. We explored the feasibility of multicohort federated analyses by examining associations between 3 pregnancy exposures (maternal education, exposure to green vegetation, and gestational diabetes) and offspring body mass index (BMI) from infancy to age 17 years. We used data from 18 cohorts (n = 206,180 mother-child pairs) from the EU Child Cohort Network and derived BMI at ages 0-1, 2-3, 4-7, 8-13, and 14-17 years. Associations were estimated using linear regression via 1-stage individual participant data meta-analysis using DataSHIELD. Associations between lower maternal education and higher child BMI emerged from age 4 and increased with age (difference in BMI z score comparing low with high education, at age 2-3 years = 0.03 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.00, 0.05), at 4-7 years = 0.16 (95% CI: 0.14, 0.17), and at 8-13 years = 0.24 (95% CI: 0.22, 0.26)). Gestational diabetes was positively associated with BMI from age 8 years (BMI z score difference = 0.18, 95% CI: 0.12, 0.25) but not at younger ages; however, associations attenuated towards the null when restricted to cohorts that measured gestational diabetes via universal screening. Exposure to green vegetation was weakly associated with higher BMI up to age 1 year but not at older ages. Opportunities of cross-cohort federated analyses are discussed.
Previous gestational diabetes impairs long-term endothelial function in a mouse model of complicated pregnancy.; Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitis (GDM) display endothelial dysfunction up to 1 yr after pregnancy, despite a return to normoglycemia. It is unknown whether this dysfunction was preexisting or whether GDM pregnancy leads to long-term endothelial dysfunction. A mouse model that spontaneously develops GDM (Lepr(db/+)) was used to determine whether the endothelial dysfunction that develops during GDM is evident in later life. Heterozygous and wild-type (WT) controls were allowed to litter once, then age to 9-10 mo, and were compared with virgin controls. Vascular function of small mesenteric arteries was assessed using wire myography. Concentration response curves to the thromboxane A(2)mimetic U46619 and the endothelium-dependent vasodilator methacholine were constructed. Superoxide production and peroxynitrite formation was also measured. Mice with previous GDM displayed blood glucose concentrations similar to previously pregnant WT mice (8.0 +/- 0.1 vs. 7.1 +/- 0.3 mmol/l, P > 0.05). Arteries from mice with previous GDM displayed increased sensitivity to U46619 (EC(50) 5.2 +/- 0.7 vs. 45.2 +/- 1.0 nmol/l, P < 0.01) and impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation compared with WT controls (29 +/- 8 vs. 58 +/- 16 percent relaxation, P < 0.05). This was associated with increased superoxide production (93.3 +/- 2.3 vs. 64.6 +/- 1.6 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.001) and increased peroxynitrite formation (173.5 +/- 11.0 vs. 57.4 +/- 16.2 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.01) compared with virgin controls. In summary, endothelial dysfunction was evident in mice with previous GDM compared with previously healthy pregnant mice or virgin controls. These data suggest that GDM affects endothelial function and may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Metabolic follow-up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: study protocol for the identification of a core outcomes set using a Delphi survey.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with an increased lifetime risk for the development of glucose abnormalities, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, depression and tumours. Despite this high risk of additional comorbidities, there is no standardised approach to the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Also, there is no standardisation of outcome selection and reporting in studies involving this population. This increases the risk of reporting bias and reduces the possibility of meaningful comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a protocol for a core outcome set (COS) for the metabolic follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents. METHODS/DESIGN: This protocol will describe the steps that will be taken in order to develop the COS. The study will consist of three parts: (1) A systematic review of the literature of the outcomes reported in previous randomised controlled trials of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents; (2) A three-round, online Delphi survey with key stakeholders in order to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) A consensus meeting where the final COS will be decided. DISCUSSION: The proposed protocol is the first step in developing a COS that will bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in GDM women treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents.
[Diabetic macular oedema in the third trimester of pregnancy].; The authors describe a case of a female patient with diabetes mellitus (DM) type 1 who faced a progress of diabetic retinopathy (DR) during her pregnancy with a development of diabetic macular oedema (DMO) and a deterioration of visual acuity (VA) in the right eye. The patient had been under observation for DM for 18 years, the last six years for the onset of the non-proliferative form of DR. During the 28th week of pregnancy, a significant reduction of visual acuity in the patient's right eye occurred as a result of a fast developing DMO. The patient was generally given corticosteroids for a gynaecological indication to accelerate the maturing of the foetus. Betamethasone (Diprophos) in dose 12 mg with intramuscular application was administered twice in total, i.e. in the 29th and the 32rd week of pregnancy. After each application, a good effect was observed on the improvement of the visual acuity accompanied by a DMO reduction. However, the effect of corticosteroids was only temporary and at the end of their application in each case, a fast reduction of VA and a progression of DMO were observed, even though retinal laser photocoagulation was initiated. Delivery via Caesarean section was indicated in the 35th week of pregnancy, after a consultation with a diabetologist, gynaecologist and ophthalmologist. The delivery went without complications; both the child and the mother were in a normal condition after the delivery. A gradual improvement in VA was observed during the post-delivery period, with a reduction of DMO until a level of VA that corresponded to the status before the pregnancy was reached.
Putative role of adhesion molecules in metabolic disorders.; Diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of premature vascular disease. Vascular research is focusing on a potential role of adhesion molecules in diabetes mellitus, since classical risk factors including hyperlipidemia and hypertension do not completely account for the increased incidence of atherosclerosis in diabetes. After the expression of adhesion molecules on the cell surface, they are shed into plasma. Thus plasma concentrations of circulating adhesion molecules may be representative for endothelial activation, damage or turnover. Recently, evidence has been accumulating that increased plasma levels of adhesion molecules may predict cardiovascular disease, may be pathognomonic for diabetic microangiopathy or may even play a functional pathophysiologic role. The purpose of this article is to briefly summarise the role of (circulating) adhesion molecules in diabetes mellitus.
Binge alcohol drinking before pregnancy is closely associated with the development of macrosomia: Korean pregnancy registry cohort.; BACKGROUND: Alcohol drinking during pregnancy has been well-known to cause the detrimental effects on fetal development; however, the adverse effects of pre-pregnancy drinking are largely unknown. We investigate whether alcohol drinking status before pregnancy is associated with the risk for macrosomia, an offspring's adverse outcome, in a Korean pregnancy registry cohort (n = 4,542) enrolled between 2013 and 2017. METHODS: Binge drinking was defined as consuming ≥5 drinks on one occasion and ≥2 times a week, and a total 2,886 pregnant, included in the final statistical analysis, were divided into 3 groups: never, non-binge, and binge drinking. RESULTS: The prevalence of macrosomia was higher in binge drinking before pregnancy than those with never or non-binge drinking (7.5% vs. 3.2% or 2.9%, p = 0.002). Multivariable logistic regression analysis demonstrated an independent association between macrosomia and prepregnancy binge drinking after adjusting for other confounders (adjusted odds ratio = 2.29; 95% CI, 1.08-4.86; p = 0.031). The model added binge drinking before pregnancy led to improvement of 10.6% (95% CI, 2.03-19.07; p = 0.0006) in discrimination from traditional risk prediction models. CONCLUSION: Together, binge drinking before pregnancy might be an independent risk factor for developing macrosomia. Intensified intervention for drinking alcohol in women who are planning a pregnancy is important and may help prevent macrosomia.
Long-term consequences of previous preeclampsia and complicated pregnancy: analysis of echocardiographic aspects.; AIM: To evaluated echocardiographic aspects in women with history of preeclampsia or preeclampsia-related complications in their previous pregnancies. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Consecutive women receiving echocardiography during daily clinical echolab activity were studied using complete echocardiographic examination data and anamnestic data collection of hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and rheumatic diseases. Studied women should have at least one pregnancy in more than the 10 past years, and were subdivided into two groups according to the history of complicated or physiological pregnancy. Complicated pregnancies were defined by preeclampsia or preeclampsia-related complication, such as preterm delivery or small-for-gestational age newborn. Echocardiographic parameters and prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and rheumatic disease were compared between the two groups of studied women. RESULTS: From March 2016 to May 2020, 545 women were studied, of whom 218 had a history of complicated pregnancy (mean age 60.81 ± 11.109 years vs. 62.78 ± 9.758 years of not complicated pregnancy; P = 0.03). Compared with physiological pregnancy women, complicated pregnancy ones were shorter (159.97 ± 6.608 vs. 161.42 ± 6.427 cm; P = 0.012) with lower body surface area (1.678 ± 0.1937 vs. 1.715 ± 0.1662 m2; P = 0.02), had higher prevalence of diabetes (6.9 vs. 3.1%; P = 0.04; odds ratio = 2.34; CI 1.0323--5.3148) and rheumatic diseases (33 vs. 22.3%; P = 0.006; odds ratio = 1.72; CI 1.1688--2.5191), and showed a slight, not significant higher prevalence of hypertension. As for echocardiographic parameters, they showed significantly higher values of end-diastolic left ventricular posterior wall (LPWd) (P = 0.034), a trend toward a more concentric geometry, and a worse longitudinal systolic left and right ventricle performance, represented by lower tissue Doppler systolic waves (septal: 7.41 ± 1.255 vs. 7.69 ± 1.376 cm/s; P = 0.018; and tricuspidalic: 12.64 ± 2.377 vs. 13.32 ± 2.548 cm/s; P = 0.003). CONCLUSION: Patients with previous preeclampsia present an increased risk of hypertension, diabetes, and rheumatic diseases, suggesting that these women could share a specific predisposition to a high-risk profile. Furthermore, they show a higher prevalence of classically considered echocardiographic hypertensive-derived cardiac damage, suggesting structural and functional left ventricular modifications as subclinical aspects of long-term worse cardiovascular prognosis for these women.
Sapropterin reduces coronary artery malformation in offspring of pregestational diabetes mice.; Endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) and oxidative stress are critical to embryonic coronary artery development. Maternal diabetes increases oxidative stress and reduces eNOS activity in the fetal heart. Sapropterin (Kuvan®) is an orally active, synthetic form of tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) and a co-factor for eNOS with antioxidant properties. The aim of the present study was to examine the effects of sapropterin on fetal coronary artery development during pregestational diabetes in mice. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin to adult female C57BL/6 mice. Sapropterin (10 mg/kg/day) was orally administered to pregnant mice from E0.5 to E18.5. Fetal hearts were collected at E18.5 for coronary artery morphological analysis. Sapropterin treatment to diabetic dams reduced the incidence of coronary artery malformation in offspring from 50.0% to 20.6%. Decreases in coronary artery luminal diameter, volume and abundance in fetal hearts from diabetic mothers, were prevented by sapropterin treatment. Maternal diabetes reduced epicardial epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and expression of transcription and growth factors critical to coronary artery development including hypoxia-inducible factor 1a (Hif1a), Snail1, Slug, β-catenin, retinaldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (Aldh1a2), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) and vascular endothelial group factor receptor 2 (Vegfr2) in E12.5 hearts. Additionally, eNOS phosphorylation was lower while oxidative stress was higher in E12.5 hearts from maternal diabetes. Notably, these abnormalities were all restored to normal levels after sapropterin treatment. In conclusion, sapropterin treatment increases eNOS activity, lowers oxidative stress and reduces coronary artery malformation in offspring of pregestational diabetes. Sapropterin may have therapeutic potential in preventing coronary artery malformation in maternal diabetes.
The effect of fertility treatment on adverse perinatal outcomes in women aged at least 40 years.; OBJECTIVE: To compare perinatal outcomes between spontaneous conception and assisted reproductive technologies (ART) among patients of advanced maternal age. METHODS: The present retrospective study included data from singleton pregnancies of women aged at least 40 years who delivered between January 1, 1991, and December 31, 2013, at Soroka University Medical Center, Beer Sheva, Israel. Demographic, obstetric, and perinatal data were compared between pregnancies conceived with ART (in vitro fertilization [IVF] or ovulation induction) and those conceived spontaneously. Multiple regression models were used to define independent predictors of adverse outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 8244 singleton pregnancies were included; 229 (2.8%) following IVF, 86 (1.0%) following ovulation induction, and 7929 (96.2%) were spontaneous. Preterm delivery (P<0.001), fetal growth restriction (FGR) (P<0.001), and cesarean delivery (P<0.001) demonstrated linear associations with the conception mode; the highest rates for each were observed for IVF, with decreased rates for ovulation induction and spontaneous conception. The incidence of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders were highest among pregnancies following ART. No association was observed between conception mode and perinatal mortality. Multivariate logistic regression demonstrated that IVF was independently associated with increased odds of preterm delivery (P<0.001) and FGR (P=0.027) compared with spontaneous conception. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients of advanced maternal age, ART were independently associated with increased FGR and preterm delivery rates compared with spontaneous pregnancies; perinatal mortality was comparable.
Autism-specific maternal anti-fetal brain autoantibodies are associated with metabolic conditions.; Approximately 23% of mothers of children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) produce specific patterns of autoantibodies to fetal brain proteins that have been detected in only 1% of mothers of typically developing children. The biological mechanisms underlying the development of ASD-specific maternal autoantibodies are poorly understood. We sought to determine whether ASD-specific maternal autoantibodies identified postnatally were associated with metabolic conditions (MCs) during gestation. Participants were 227 mothers of 2-5 year old children with confirmed ASD, enrolled in CHARGE (Childhood Autism Risk from Genetics and the Environment) between January 2003 and April 2008, and from whom blood samples were collected and analyzed for anti-fetal brain autoantibodies (Ab+). MCs included diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and prepregnancy obesity or overweight, ascertained from medical records or structured telephone interviews. Log-linear regression models were performed to estimate prevalence ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) based on robust standard errors. Fifty-six (25%) mothers were Ab+. Ab+ prevalence was higher among mothers with diabetes, hypertensive disorders, or overweight compared to healthy mothers, but differences were not statistically significant. In a subset of 145 mothers whose children exhibited severe ASD (31 Ab+), those diagnosed with type 2 or gestational diabetes were 2.7-fold more likely to be Ab+ (95% CI 1.1, 6.6), controlling for delivery payer and smoking. Gestational diabetes specifically was associated with a 3.2-fold increased Ab+ prevalence (95% CI 1.2, 8.6). In this exploratory study, mothers whose children had severe ASD and who experienced diabetes were more likely to have anti-fetal brain autoantibodies 2-5 years later. Autism Res 2017, 10: 89-98. © 2016 International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Fetal movements in human pregnancies in the third trimester.; Fetal movements (FM) were measured using a real-time B-scan method in 50 women in the third trimester. One hundred ninety-five observations were made. The number of FM per 20-minute observation period was similar in normal, diabetic, and hypertensive pregnancies and in patients with placenta previa, but was significantly lower in patients with Rh isoimmunization and an affected fetus. The number of FM did not vary with gestational age, mode of delivery, or birth weight and was significantly increased in patients either with a reactive nonstress test (NST) or in the presence of fetal breathing movements (FBM). Fetal movements were absent before delivery in 4 patients: In 3, the fetus died in utero and in the other a positive contraction stress test (CST) was observed. Conversely, in 2 other fetuses who died in utero, FM were observed during the last examination before death. In both, the cause of fetal death was related to an acute change. No relationship between FM and neonatal death was observed. These data suggest FM monitoring may be helpful in evaluating antepartum fetal condition.
Triglyceride metabolism in pregnancy.; During pregnancy, complex changes occur in lipid profiles. From the 12th week of gestation, phospholipids, cholesterol (total, LDL, HDL), and triglycerides (TG) increase in response to estrogen stimulation and insulin resistance. Transition to a catabolic state favors maternal tissue lipid use as energy sources, thus sparing glucose and amino acids for the fetus. In addition, maternal lipids, that is, cholesterol, are available for fetal use in building cell membranes and as precursor of bile acids and steroid hormones. It is also required for cell proliferation and development of the growing body. Free-fatty acids (FFA), oxidized in the maternal liver as ketone-bodies, represent an alternative fuel for the fetus. Maternal hypertriglyceridemia (vs. other lipids) has many positive effects such as contributing to fetal growth and development and serving as an energy depot for maternal dietary fatty acids. However, increased TG during pregnancy appears to increase risk of preeclampsia and preterm birth. Some have suggested that maternal hypertriglyceridemia has a role in increasing cardiovascular risk later in life. This chapter reviews lipid metabolism during pregnancy to elucidate its effect on fetal growth and its potential role in pregnancy-associated complications and future cardiovascular risk.
Trends in and complications associated with mental health condition diagnoses during delivery hospitalizations.; BACKGROUND: Mental health conditions during delivery hospitalizations are not well characterized. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to characterize the prevalence of maternal mental health condition diagnoses and associated risk during delivery hospitalizations in the United States. STUDY DESIGN: The 2000 to 2018 National Inpatient Sample was used for this repeated cross-sectional analysis. Delivery hospitalizations of women aged 15 to 54 years with and without mental health condition diagnoses, including depressive disorder, anxiety disorder, bipolar spectrum disorder, and schizophrenia spectrum disorder, were identified. Temporal trends in mental health condition diagnoses during delivery hospitalizations were determined using the National Cancer Institute's Joinpoint Regression Program to estimate the average annual percent change with 95% confidence intervals. The trends in chronic conditions associated with mental health condition diagnoses, including asthma, pregestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, obesity, and substance use, were analyzed. The association between mental health conditions and the following adverse outcomes was determined: (1) severe maternal morbidity, (2) preeclampsia or gestational hypertension, (3) preterm delivery, (4) postpartum hemorrhage, (5) cesarean delivery, and (6) maternal mortality. Regression models for each outcome were performed with unadjusted and adjusted risk ratios as measures of effects. RESULTS: Of 73,109,791 delivery hospitalizations, 2,316,963 (3.2%) had ≥1 associated mental health condition diagnosis. The proportion of delivery hospitalizations with a mental health condition increased from 0.6% in 2000 to 7.3% in 2018 (average annual percent change, 11.4%; 95% confidence interval, 10.3%-12.6%). Among deliveries in women with a mental health condition diagnosis, chronic health conditions, including asthma, pregestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, obesity, and substance use, increased from 14.9% in 2000 to 38.5% in 2018. Deliveries to women with a mental health condition diagnosis were associated with severe maternal morbidity (risk ratio, 1.88; 95% confidence interval, 1.86-1.90), preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (risk ratio, 1.59; 95% confidence interval, 1.58-1.60), preterm delivery (risk ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.35-1.36), postpartum hemorrhage (risk ratio, 1.37; 95% confidence interval, 1.36-1.38), cesarean delivery (risk ratio, 1.20; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-1.20), and maternal death (risk ratio, 1.31; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-1.56). The increased risk was retained in adjusted models. CONCLUSION: The proportion of delivery hospitalizations with mental health condition diagnoses increased significantly throughout the study period. Mental health condition diagnoses were associated with other underlying chronic health conditions and a modestly increased risk of a range of adverse outcomes. The findings suggested that mental health conditions are an important risk factor in adverse maternal outcomes.
Vitamin D-Binding Protein in Pregnancy and Reproductive Health.; Vitamin D-binding protein (VDBP), the main carrier of vitamin D, has recently been implicated in reproductive health and pregnancy outcomes including endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Improved methods for measuring VDBP and an increased understanding of its role in biological processes have led to a number of newly published studies exploring VDBP in the context of pregnancy. Here, we synthesize the available evidence regarding the role of VDBP in reproductive health and pregnancy, and we highlight areas requiring further study. Overall, low levels of maternal serum VDBP concentrations have been associated with infertility, endometriosis, PCOS and spontaneous miscarriage, as well as adverse pregnancy outcomes including GDM, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth and fetal growth restriction. However, increased VDBP concentration in cervicovaginal fluid has been linked to unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss and premature rupture of membranes. Some genetic variants of VDBP have also been associated with these adverse outcomes. Further studies using more accurate VDBP assays and accounting for ethnic variation and potential confounders are needed to clarify whether VDBP is associated with reproductive health and pregnancy outcomes, and the mechanisms underlying these relationships.
Chronic renal failure and severe diabetic vasculopathy in pregnancy.; The prospect of successful gestational outcome in pregnancies complicated by chronic renal insufficiency, severe hypertension, and diabetic vasculopathy is generally considered poor. This article describes a pregnancy with these complications in which a conservative form of management was utilized and resulted in a successful gestational outcome.
Doppler velocimetry and fetal heart rate studies in nephropathic diabetics.; OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were to determine in pregnancies complicated by diabetic nephropathy (1) if impedance to flow in the uterine and umbilical arteries is normal and (2) if these fetuses are hypoxemic and acidemic and if they have decreased fetal heart rate variation and Doppler blood flow redistribution. STUDY DESIGN: In a cross-sectional study at the Harris Birthright Research Centre for Fetal Medicine, London, serial assessment of fetal heart rate variation and Doppler velocimetry of the placental and fetal circulations was undertaken in six pregnancies complicated by diabetic nephropathy. In all cases cordocentesis was performed within 24 hours before delivery for the measurement of umbilical venous blood gases. RESULTS: Cordocentesis demonstrated these fetuses to be hypoxemic and acidemic. The fetal heart rate variation was decreased; however, impedance to flow in the uterine artery was normal, and increased impedance to flow in the umbilical artery with evidence of blood flow redistribution was observed in only one case. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal hypoxemia and acidemia in pregnancies complicated by diabetic nephropathy is not a consequence of impaired placental perfusion, and the degree of metabolic derangement may be obscured by the apparent normal growth and failure of these fetuses to demonstrate blood flow redistribution.
[Diagnosis and treatment of five neonatal cerebral venous sinus thrombosis].; Objective: To summarize the clinical presentations and imaging features of cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST) in 5 newborns. Methods: The clinical data of 5 newborns with CVST admitted to Department of Neonatology of Maternal and Children Hospital of Hubei Province from February 2017 to April 2018 were analyzed retrospectively. The risk factors, clinical presentations, imaging manifestations and treatment of CVST were investigated. Results: Of the 5 full term neonates, 4 were males and 1 female, with 4 aged less than 7 days and 1 more than 7 days; one with the history of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus, one with maternal gestational hypertension. The clinical presentations included seizures (3 cases), fever (3 cases), dehydration (1 cases), lethargy (2 cases), hypoglycemia (2 cases), thrombocytopenia (2 cases). Electroencephalogram (EEG) showed electrical seizures in 3 cases. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and magnetic resonance venography (MRV) showed 4 cases of intracranial hemorrhage, 3 cases of cerebral parenchymal infarction. For the sites of the thrombi, 4 were in the superior sagittal sinus, 3 in straight sinus, 2 in transverse sinus and 1 in sinus confluence. CT showed intracranial hemorrhage in 2 cases and venous sinus dilatation in 2 cases. Doppler ultrasound showed 2 cases of intraventricular hemorrhage and 2 cases of changes of venous sinus blood flow. Three neonates were treated with anticoagulant and thrombolytic therapy, followed by recanalization of the veins and discontinuing of seizures. Conclusions: Seizure is the main clinical presentation of CVST. The main radiologic manifestations are cerebral infarction and hemorrhage. Timely brain MRI and MRV are helpful in the early diagnosis and treatment of CVST.
Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: effects of 2 years of gliclazide treatment--the Diadem Study.; Five thousand five hundred seventy-two newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (3,225 men and 2,347 women; mean age, 58.5 years) were recruited through the General Practitioners (GPs) network in France. All had persistent hyperglycemia after a preliminary 3-month period with dietary and life-style modification. Gliclazide (80 to 320 mg/d) was then prescribed as diabetic pharmacotherapy for 2 years. Additional therapy for hypertension and dyslipidemia was started if necessary. The aim of the study was mainly to determine the feasibility of a GP-directed protocol for the monitoring and treatment of newly diagnosed NIDDM patients, and to assess the effectiveness of diabetic therapy in this cohort. Diabetes was diagnosed in 78% of the cohort during routine screening. Among the women, 6.5% had a history of gestational diabetes. Eighteen percent of the patients had a parental history of diabetes, and the dominant maternal role in the genesis of NIDDM was confirmed. High blood pressure (Joint National Committee V criteria) was found at inclusion in 38.8% of the whole cohort. Hyperlipidemia was known in 44.6%. A history of stroke was present in 1.6% of the patients, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in 6.3%. These data support the relationship between the atherogenic state and development of NIDDM. Microalbuminuria defined as urinary albumin excretion (UAE) of at least 20 mg/L was found in 29.6% of the patients, and retinopathy in 9.8%. Among the included patients, 23% did not complete the study and were excluded from the efficacy analysis. Of these, 14% (808 patients) had only baseline evaluation data and 9% (499 patients) withdrew later. Comparison of mean baseline and final results in study completers uncovered a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose ([FBG] 182 +/- 48 v 137 +/- 40 mg/dL), post prandial blood glucose ([PPBG] 209 +/- 68 v 162 +/- 52 mg/dL), and hemoglobin A1c ([HbA1c] 8.7% +/- 2.5% v 7.3% +/- 2.0%). A slight improvement in total cholesterol (228 +/- 44 v 222 +/- 41 mg/dL), body mass index ([BMI] 28.5 +/- 4.7 v 27.9 +/- 4.5 kg/m2), and waist to hip ratio (0.99 +/- 0.1 v 0.98 +/- 0.1) was observed. There was a decrease in the percentage of patients with high blood pressure (38.5% v 30.7%). A mild increase in the prevalence of retinopathy (10.2% v 11.8%) was noted during the study, while the incidence of microalbuminuria remained unchanged (30.2% v 29.5%). In conclusion, the data indicate that the GPs involved in this study were able to successfully monitor and manage NIDDM patients in accordance with a standardized protocol. Gliclazide appeared to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment. The high prevalence of chronic diabetic complications at diagnosis emphasizes the delay encountered in reaching the diagnosis of NIDDM and the problems associated with this delay. In addition to the classic risk factors for NIDDM exhibited in this patient cohort, we have identified CHD and a maternal genetic component as further potential predicting factors.
Sex Differences in the Burden and Complications of Diabetes.; PURPOSE OF THE REVIEW: To review the latest evidence on sex differences in the burden and complications of diabetes and discuss the potential explanations for the sex differences described. RECENT FINDINGS: Diabetes is a strong risk factor for vascular disease, with compelling evidence that the relative risks of vascular diseases conferred by diabetes are considerably greater in women than men. The mechanisms underpinning women's excess relative risk of vascular disease from diabetes are unknown. Sex differences in the health care provided for the prevention, management, and treatment of diabetes and its complications could contribute to women's greater excess relative risks of diabetes complications. However, since the excess risk of vascular disease is not seen for other major vascular risk factors, inherent biological factors may be more likely to be involved. In addition to other cardiometabolic pathways, the sex dimorphism in body composition and fat distribution may be particularly important in explaining women's greater excess risk of the vascular complications of diabetes. There is strong evidence to suggest that diabetes is a stronger risk factor for vascular disease in women than men. Although several mechanisms may be involved, further research is needed to provide new and deeper insights into the mechanisms underpinning sex differences in the association between diabetes and vascular diseases. Such research will inform patients, health care professionals, and policy makers to ensure that women are not disproportionately affected by diabetes, and will help to reduce the burden in both sexes.
Maternal semistarvation and streptozotocin-diabetes in rats have different effects on the in vivo glucose uptake by peripheral tissues in their female adult offspring.; Previous work in humans and rats has revealed a link between perinatal growth retardation and glucose intolerance in adulthood. Both maternal semistarvation and severe diabetes are accompanied by perinatal growth retardation in rats. In this study, we compared the effect of these conditions on tissue glucose uptake in their female offspring. Glucose uptake was measured as glucose metabolic index (GMI), using 2-deoxy-[1-3H]-glucose, in the postabsorptive state and during euglycemic hyperinsulinemia. The GMI was measured in insulin-sensitive tissues (5 skeletal muscles, diaphragm and white adipose tissue) and in two noninsulin-sensitive tissues (duodenum and brain) of adult offspring of normal dams, dams rendered diabetic with streptozotocin on d 11 of pregnancy, and dams fed half normal rations from d 11 of pregnancy. Whole-body insulin resistance, measured by decreased glucose infusion rate during hyperinsulinemia, was milder in offspring of semistarved rats (O-SR) than in offspring of diabetic rats (O-DR). The basal GMI did not differ among the three groups in any tissue except tibialis anterior; during hyperinsulinemia, GMI was significantly greater in the insulin-sensitive tissues of all three groups. GMI of skeletal muscles and adipose tissue during hyperinsulinemia did not differ between control rats and O-SR; in contrast, the GMI was 25-50% lower in skeletal muscles of O-DR during hyperinsulinemia than in those of control rats or O-SR. Thus, maternal semistarvation and diabetes have dissimilar effects on peripheral insulin sensitivity of the adult female offspring. Because both conditions are associated with perinatal growth retardation and fetal hypoinsulinemia, other mechanisms must be identified to explain impaired glucose uptake by skeletal muscles in the offspring of diabetic rats.
Oral Glucose Tolerance Test in Pregnancy and Subsequent Maternal Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to evaluate whether values and the shape of the glucose curve during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy identify women at risk of developing hypertension (HTN) later in life. STUDY DESIGN: This category includes the secondary analysis of a follow-up from a mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) study that included a treatment trial for mild GDM (n = 458) and an observational cohort of participants with abnormal 1-hour glucose loading test only (normal OGTT, n = 430). Participants were assessed at a median of 7 (IQR 6-8) years after their index pregnancy, and trained staff measured their blood pressure (systolic blood pressure [SBP]; diastolic blood pressure [DBP]). The association between values and the shape of the glucose curve during OGTT in the index pregnancy and the primary outcome defined as elevated BP (SBP ≥120, DBP ≥80 mm Hg, or receiving anti-HTN medications), and secondary outcome defined as stage 1 or higher (SBP ≥130, DBP ≥80 mm Hg, or receiving anti-HTN medications) at follow-up were evaluated using multivariable regression, adjusting for maternal age, body mass index, and pregnancy-associated hypertension during the index pregnancy. RESULTS: There was no association between fasting, 1-hour OGTT, and the outcomes. However, the 2-hour OGTT value was positively associated (adjusted odds ratio [aRR] per 10-unit increase 1.04, 95% CI 1.01-1.08), and the 3-hour was inversely associated (aRR per 10-unit increase 0.96, 95% CI 0.93-0.99) with the primary outcome. When the shape of the OGTT curve was evaluated, a monophasic OGTT response (peak at 1 hour followed by a decline in glucose) was associated with increased risk of elevated BP (41.3vs. 23.5%, aRR 1.66, 95% CI 1.17-2.35) and stage 1 HTN or higher (28.5 vs. 14.7%, aRR 1.83, 95% CI 1.15-2.92), compared with a biphasic OGTT response. CONCLUSION: Among persons with mild GDM or lesser degrees of glucose intolerance, the shape of the OGTT curve during pregnancy may help identify women who are at risk of HTN later in life, with biphasic shape to be associated with lower risk. KEY POINTS: · The shape of the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test curve may help identify patients who are at risk of having elevated BP or HTN 5 to 10 years following pregnancy.. · The 2-hour Oral Glucose Tolerance Test values is positively associated with elevated BP 5 to 10 years following pregnancy.. · This supports the concept of pregnancy as a window to future health and represents a potential novel biomarker for maternal cardiovascular health screening..
Plasma atrial natriuretic factor levels during normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus and hypertension.; Atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) may play a role in the regulation of the changes of blood volume and vascular reactivity during pregnancy and when pregnancy is complicated by hypertension. Reports of plasma ANF levels during pregnancy are conflicting. We have prospectively studied plasma ANF levels during pregnancy in 25 women, and compared these with 20 age-matched non-pregnant women. Five women developed hypertension during pregnancy and a further five who remained normotensive had insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Plasma ANF was 6.8 +/- 1.2 (mean +/- SEM) and 6.3 +/- 0.9 pmol/l during weeks 8-15 and 24-31 of normal pregnancy (n = 15; vs non-pregnant levels (4.0 +/- 0.6 pmol/l) P less than 0.05, n = 20). Levels were 4.3 +/- 0.8 and 3.9 +/- 0.4 pmol/l during weeks 16-23 and 32-39. In the diabetic patients and in the group who developed hypertension levels were at no time different from the uncomplicated pregnancy group. Serum aldosterone increased as pregnancy progressed, but plasma renin activity remained unchanged. As plasma ANF was not different between those who did, and those who did not develop hypertension, early measurement of it will not predict who will and who will not develop hypertension during pregnancy.
Insulin regulation in AhR-null mice: embryonic cardiac enlargement, neonatal macrosomia, and altered insulin regulation and response in pregnant and aging AhR-null females.; The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) was originally characterized because of its high affinity binding of 2, 3, 7, 8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin. However, studies using AhR-null mice have demonstrated the importance of this protein in normal physiology and development. Here we demonstrate that AhR-null embryos develop cardiac enlargement, and that this phenotype is dependent, at least in part, on the maternal genotype. Neonates born to AhR-null females had increased heart weights regardless of the neonatal genotype, an outcome also observed in gestational diabetes. The cardiac hypertrophy markers, beta-myosin heavy chain and atrial natriuretic factor, and the cardiac proliferative index were increased in AhR-null embryos, indicating that the cardiac enlargement is associated with myocyte hypertrophy and hyperplasia, which begin prior to birth. Importantly, two- to three-month-old pregnant and seven-month-old nonpregnant females, but not nonpregnant three-month-old AhR-null females had significantly decreased fasting plasma insulin levels and a reduced ability to respond to exogenous insulin compared to controls. Despite these alterations in insulin regulation and responsiveness, pregnant AhR females did not have abnormal glucose tolerance tests and did not develop hyperglycemia, classic characteristics of gestational diabetes. However, twenty-three percent of seven-month-old AhR-null females did have altered glucose tolerance tests, but did not show hyperglycemia or increased hemoglobin A1C concentration under normal feeding conditions. While the ultimate cause of the neonatal phenotype remains unclear, these studies establish that the AhR is required for normal insulin regulation in pregnant and older mice and for cardiac development in embryonic mice.
Catecholamine concentrations in venous plasma and cerebrospinal fluid in normal and complicated pregnancy.; The concentrations of adrenaline and noradrenaline were determined in venous plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) of 41 pregnant women at term scheduled for elective or 'hot' caesarean section and in 7 healthy non-pregnant women scheduled for elective surgery. Group 1: 10 pregnant women at term with a normal history of their pregnancy; group 2: like group 1, but in active labour for more than 4 h; group 3: 10 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with or without slightly elevated arterial blood pressure; group 4: 11 women with pre-eclampsia gravis; group 5: 7 healthy non-pregnant women of fertile age. The highest values of mean arterial blood pressure and of venous plasma noradrenaline were found in the pre-eclamptic group 4, mean arterial blood pressure and plasma noradrenaline levels correlated to each other. However, concentrations of noradrenaline in CSF in group 4 did not differ significantly from the other groups. It is speculated that a different origin of hypertension may be the reason for the normal noradrenaline concentrations in CSF. This finding is in contrast to earlier findings in which noradrenaline levels in CSF were elevated in patients with essential hypertension.
Total parenteral nutrition in a pregnant insulin-requiring diabetic.; A 28-year-old class F diabetic woman whose pregnancy was complicated by gastroparesis, hemorrhagic gastritis, narcotic addiction, intrauterine fetal growth retardation, and severe preeclampsia was supported with total parenteral nutrition (TPN) from the 27th to the 29th week or pregnancy. During this period there was adequate control of serum glucose, a positive nitrogen balance, and a normal amino acid profile. Unfortunately, a rapid deterioration in renal function and hypertensive disease occurred, requiring cesarean section at the 29th gestational week. TPN was continued for an additional 30 days postoperatively until the gastritis resolved and adequate oral nutrition could be reestablished. Wound healing was satisfactory.
Echocardiographic assessment of infants born to diabetic mothers.; Echocardiography was carried out in 31 neonates (group 1) born to diabetic mothers and 37 control infants (group 2) matched for weight and gestational age. The interventricular septum was significantly thicker in group 1 babies (mean (SD) 4.77 (1.4) mm) compared with those in group 2 (2.5 (0.7) mm); in eight it was more than 5 mm, but had regressed in six over a period of three months. There was no significant difference between the two groups in the left ventricular internal dimension, right ventricular outflow tract, or size of the left atrium or the aorta. The left ventricular mass was significantly greater in infants born to diabetic mothers. The left ventricular contractility (judged by the percentage of shortening of the internal dimension and the ejection fraction) was significantly greater in group 1. No evidence of left ventricular outflow obstruction was found on pulse Doppler echocardiography in group 1.
Non-genetic and genetic risk factors for adult cerebral venous thrombosis.; INTRODUCTION: A wide variety of non-genetic and genetic factors have been shown to associate with increased risk for cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT). However, there is a paucity of risk factor data and conclusions about their impact are often conflicting. Herein, we quantified the associations of non-genetic and genetic risk factors for CVT in adults. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Electronic databases were searched up to January 2017. Meta-analyses were performed (RevMan v5.3) to determine pooled odds ratios (ORs and 95% CIs) for risk factors, interstudy heterogeneity and publication bias. RESULTS: Twenty non-genetic (n = 2314) and 33 genetic (n = 2117) studies up to January 2017 met the selection criteria. For non-genetic factors, CVT risk increased in the presence of glucocorticosteroid therapy by 18.3-fold (3.3-102.6), alcohol consumption 2.7-fold (1.8-3.9), infection 7.5-fold (2.6-21.6), surgery 9.6-fold (1.1-83.5), hypercholesterolaemia 2.4-fold (1.3-4.4), hyperhomocysteinaemia 3.1-fold (2.1-4.6), antiphospholipid antibodies 7.0-fold (2.1-23.6), autoimmune diseases 5.6-fold (2.3-13.6), anaemia 4.0-fold (2.1-7.9), malignancy 3.2-fold (1.4-7.1) and pregnancy/puerperium 11.4-fold (5.7-24.3). Smoking, hypertension and diabetes did not associate with CVT risk. For genetic factors, CVT risk increased in the presence of factor V Leiden (G1691A) by 2.5-fold (1.9-3.3), protein C deficiency 10.7-fold (3.1-37.7), protein S deficiency 5.7-fold (1.4-22.4), antithrombin deficiency 3.8-fold (1.0-13.8), prothrombin (G20210A) 5.5-fold (4.0-7.27) and TAFI gene variant (C1040T) 1.6-fold (1.0-2.4). Prothrombin G20210A and factor V Leiden polymorphisms tended to have higher ORs for CVT than for ischaemic stroke. CONCLUSIONS: We provide quantitative data supporting a strong basis for genetic and non-genetic risk factors in CVT. Its genetic liability seems higher when compared with sporadic ischaemic stroke.
[Secondary myocardial hypertrophy in newborn infants and infants without congenital heart defect].; Secondary hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) was diagnosed in 55 newborns and infants without heart disease. The 17 newborn infants of diabetic mothers, 23 infants given ACTH treatment for infantile spasms, 9 ventilated premature infants or babies with bronchopulmonary dysplasia and 6 infants with different underlying diseases comprising this group underwent 2-dimensional echocardiography. In almost all cases echocardiographic evidence of HCM resolved after removal of the exogenous or endogenous causative factor. Myocardial effects of several substances are known and their pathophysiological mechanisms are discussed. Since HCM may precede systemic disease or may often be the first pointer to a triggering agent, further diagnostic procedures are always indicated. Hence, the diagnosis of primary HCM should be made by exclusion.
Risk factors for transposition of the great arteries in Saudi population.; To assess potential risk factors and their effect on the development of transposition of the great arteries (TGA). Methods: A retrospective case-control study of all patients diagnosed with TGA between 1999 to 2016 at King Abdulaziz Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Age and gender-matched controls were selected. Risk factors, including consanguinity, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital heart disease, parental age, and maternal parity, were collected. Regression modeling was used to analyze the effects of risk factors on the development of TGA. Results: A total of 206 patients with transposition of the great arteries were enrolled in the study. Transposition of the great arteries  cases were divided into simple and complex TGA. Selected healthy controls were 446. In the studied cases, consanguinity was found in 95 (46%) of cases, gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 36 (17.5%) mothers, and 35 (17%) had a confirmed family history of congenital heart disease. When risk factors of the cases were compared to the controls, consanguinity, gestational diabetes, maternal age, and parity were found to significantly increase the incidence of TGA. Conclusion: Our study revealed significant risk factors for the development of transposition of great arteries including first degree consanguineous marriages, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital cardiac anomalies, and increasing maternal age and parity. These factors increased the risk by at least 2 folds.
Pregnancy management of women with pregestational diabetes.; Optimal glycemic control is pivotal to the successful outcome of diabetic pregnancy. The goals for glycemic control include levels for preprandial and postprandial glucose and HbA1c as well as avoidance of severe hypoglycemia. These goals are best obtained with diet, exercise, and insulin treatment, often a multiple-dose insulin regimen or insulin pump. A focus on blood pressure, microalbuminuria, diabetic nephropathy, and diabetic retinopathy is needed.
Costs of NHS maternity care for women with multiple pregnancy compared with high-risk and low-risk singleton pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To compare antenatal and obstetric costs for multiple pregnancy versus singleton pregnancy risk groups and to identify factors driving cost differentials. DESIGN: Observational study over 15 months (2001-02). SETTING: Four district hospitals in southeast England. POPULATION: Consecutive women with multiple pregnancy and singleton women with risk factors for fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) (pregestational diabetes, epilepsy, or family history of CHD) or Down syndrome, and a sample of low-risk singleton women. METHODS: Clinical care was audited from the second trimester anomaly scan until postnatal discharge, and the resource items were costed. Multiple regression analysis determined predictors of costs. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: NHS mean costs of antenatal and obstetric care for different types of pregnancy. RESULTS: A total of 959 pregnancies were studied. Three percent of 243 women with multiple pregnancy reached 40 weeks of gestation compared with 54-55% of 163 low-risk and 322 Down syndrome risk women and 36% of 231 cardiac risk women. Antenatal costs for cardiac risk (1,153 pounds sterling) and multiple pregnancy (1,048 pounds sterling) were nearly double the costs for other two groups (P < 0.001). As 63% of multiple births were delivered by caesarean section, the obstetric cost for multiple pregnancy (3,393 pounds sterling) was 1,000 pounds sterling greater overall. Pregestational diabetes was the most influential factor driving singleton costs, resulting in similar total costs for multiple pregnancy women (4,442 pounds sterling) and for women with diabetes (4,877 pounds sterling). CONCLUSIONS: Our analyses confirm that multiple pregnancies are substantially more costly than most singleton pregnancies. Identifying women with diabetes as equally costly is pertinent because of the findings of the Confidential Enquiry into Maternal and Child Health that standards of maternal care for diabetics often are inadequate.
Racial and ethnic disparities in severe maternal morbidity: a multistate analysis, 2008-2010.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine racial and ethnic disparities in severe maternal morbidity during delivery hospitalizations in the United States. STUDY DESIGN: We identified delivery hospitalizations from 2008-2010 in State Inpatient Databases from 7 states. We used International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, codes to create severe maternal morbidity indicators during delivery hospitalizations. We calculated the rates of severe maternal morbidity that were measured with and without blood transfusion for 5 racial/ethnic groups: non-Hispanic white, non-Hispanic black, Hispanic, Asian/Pacific Islander, and American Indian/Alaska Native women. Poisson regression models were fitted to explore the associations between race/ethnicity and severe maternal morbidity after we controlled for potential confounders. RESULTS: Overall, severe maternal morbidity rates that were measured with and without blood transfusion were 150.7 and 64.3 per 10,000 delivery hospitalizations, respectively. Non-Hispanic black, Hispanic, Asian/Pacific Islander, and American Indian/Alaska Native women had 2.1, 1.3, 1.2, and 1.7 times (all P < .05), respectively, higher rates of severe morbidity that were measured with blood transfusion compared with non-Hispanic white women; similar increased rates were observed when severe morbidity was measured without blood transfusion. Other significant positive predictors of severe morbidity were age <20 and ≥30 years, self-pay or Medicaid coverage for delivery, low socioeconomic status, and presence of chronic medical conditions. CONCLUSION: Severe maternal morbidity disproportionally affects racial/ethnic minority women, especially non-Hispanic black women. There is a need for a systematic review of severe maternal morbidities at the facility, state, and national levels to guide the development of quality improvement interventions to reduce the racial/ethnic disparities in severe maternal morbidity.
Diabetic nephropathy and pregnancy.; Knowledge of the pathogenic mechanisms of diabetic nephropathy (by which hyperglycemia, hyperfiltration, and hypertension cause the gradual development of microproteinuria, mesangial expansion, and eventual glomerular closure) provides the basis for effective treatment. Intensified glycemic control and antihypertensive therapy that is safe for the fetus are crucial for success during pregnancy. Considered outcome measures include perinatal survival, size at birth, child development, and long-term maternal renal function.
Deep Venous Thrombosis Recurrence and Its Predictors at Selected Tertiary Hospitals in Ethiopia: A Prospective Cohort Study.; Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) is a common clinical problem associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. Knowledge of the global burden of DVT recurrence is deficient in Africa, including Ethiopia. The objective of the study was to assess deep venous thrombosis recurrence and its predictors at selected tertiary hospitals in Ethiopia. Prospective cohort study was conducted among hospitalized DVT patients. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 21.0. To identify the independent predictors of DVT-recurrence, multiple stepwise-backward Cox-regression analysis was done. Statistical significance was considered at P value < .05. A total of 129 participants were included (65.1% females) with mean ± SD age of 38.63 ± 17.67 years. About 26.4% of patients developed recurrent venous thromboembolism. Pulmonary embolism accounted for 17.60% of recurrent event. The overall incidence density of DVT recurrence was 2.99 per 1000 person-days. The mean ± SD survival time to DVT recurrence was 42.03 ± 22.371 days. Age ≥ 50 years (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR]: 5.566; 95% CI: 1.587-19.518; P = .007), occasional alcohol consumption (AHR: 2.011; 95% CI: 1.307-6.314; P = .019), surgical history (AHR: 6.218; 95% CI: 1.540-25.104; P = .010), pregnancy (AHR: 2.0911; 95% CI: 1.046-4.179; P = .037), diabetes mellitus (AHR: 8.048; 95% CI: 2.494-25.966; P < .001), unmet activated partial thromboplastin time target after 24 hours of heparin (AHR: 1.129; 95% CI: 0.120-10.600; P = .011), proximal site involvement (AHR: 5.937; 95% CI: 1.300-27.110; P = .022), and previous history of DVT (AHR: 2.48; 95% CI: 1.085-11.20; P = .0002) were independent predictors of DVT recurrence. The DVT recurrence rate was high in the study area, which is even complicated with pulmonary embolism as well as death. Efforts are needed to prevent and reduce the development of DVT recurrence.
Impaired induction of prolactin secretion from the anterior pituitary by suckling in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rat.; Prolactin (PRL) secretion in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats postpartum was examined to elucidate the reason for the reduced milk secretion of diabetic mothers. Pregnant Wistar rats were given citrate buffer (control group) or streptozotocin only (DM group) or with insulin (insulin group). Growth of pups was significantly lower in the DM group than in the control group, but similar in the insulin and control groups. Suckling-induced PRL secretion was significantly lower in the DM group than in the control group, and intermediate in the insulin group. TRH-induced PRL secretion was significantly lower in the DM group than in the control group, but the same in the insulin and control groups. Histologically, the mammary glands in the DM group were relatively less developed than those in the control group. The results suggest that reduced milk secretion in diabetic mothers is due to impaired induction by suckling of PRL secretion from the anterior pituitary as well as poor development of the mammary gland.
Amniotic fluid norepinephrine concentration as an indicator of fetal sympathetic nervous activity. Effect of pregnancy complications.; The concentrations of norepinephrine in amniotic fluid and maternal plasma were measured in 71 third trimester pregnancies, 31 of which were uncomplicated and 40 complicated. The amniotic fluid norepinephrine concentration (mean +/- SD) in cases of hypertension treated with clonidine (0.4 +/- 0.1 ng/ml, n = 12) and in insulin-dependent diabetes (0.5 +/- 0.2 ng/ml, n = 7) was lower, and in renal insufficiency (1.7 +/- 0.8 ng/ml, n = 8) higher than in control subjects (0.7 +/- 0.4 ng/ml, n = 31). In fetal-growth retardation (0.6 +/- 0.2 ng/ml, n = 8) and in latent diabetes (0.7 +/- 0.2 ng/ml, n = 5) the values were similar to those in the control subjects. There was a significant positive correlation between mature lecithin-sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio and norepinephrine concentration. Clonidine-treated hypertension was associated with decreased (0.2 +/- 0.1 ng/ml) and renal insufficiency with increased (0.9 +/- 0.7 ng/ml) maternal plasma norepinephrine concentrations (control group, 0.3 +/- 0.1 ng/ml). The present results indicate that measurement of catecholamines in amniotic fluid can be useful in the evaluation of fetal sympathoadrenal function.
Pre-eclampsia and pregnancy-induced hypertension are associated with severe diabetic retinopathy in type 1 diabetes later in life.; To investigate whether pre-eclampsia (PE) or pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) predicts the development of severe diabetic retinopathy (SDR) in type 1 diabetes. Altogether, 203 women with type 1 diabetes who were followed during pregnancy were re-examined within the Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study. After excluding patients with pre-pregnancy hypertension and those who had had laser treatment or whose retinopathy was graded as proliferative at the index pregnancy, 158 were prospectively studied. As a surrogate marker for SDR, retinal laser photocoagulation was used. The time from pregnancy to SDR (N = 21) or follow-up was 16 years (interquartile range, 11-19). HbA1c was repeatedly measured both during pregnancy and follow-up. Women with prior PE (26 % vs. 6 %, P = 0.003) or PIH (24 % vs. 6 %, P = 0.008) had more often incident SDR during follow-up compared to those with normotensive pregnancy. The hazard ratios (HR) remained associated with the progression to SDR after adjustment for duration of diabetes and diabetic nephropathy in a Cox regression analysis [PE: 3.5 (95 % CI 1.1-10.9); P = 0.03 and for PIH: 3.2 (1.1-9.8); P = 0.04]. The association between PIH and incident SDR did not change after inclusion of mean HbA1c, measured during pregnancy (all 3 trimesters) and serial HbA1c measurements during follow-up, 3.5 (1.1-11.8; P = 0.03). However, in a similar model, the HR for PE was no more significant 2.0 (0.6-6.8; P = NS). The results suggest that women with type 1 diabetes and a hypertensive pregnancy have an increased risk of severe diabetic retinopathy later in life.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and 10-Year Cardiovascular Risk Prediction.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) affect 10% to 15% of women and are associated with a 2-fold increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). OBJECTIVES: This study sought to determine whether inclusion of HDP in an established CVD risk score improves prediction of CVD events in women. METHODS: The analysis comprised 106,230 ≤10-year observations contributed by 67,406 women, age ≥40 years, free of prior CVD, with data available on model covariates in the Nurses' Health Study II. Participants were followed up for confirmed myocardial infarction, fatal coronary heart disease, or stroke from 1989 to 2013. We fit an established CVD risk prediction model (Model A: age, total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, antihypertensive medication use, current smoking, diabetes mellitus) and compared it to the same model plus HDP and parity (Model B); Cox proportional hazards models were used to obtain predicted probabilities for 10-year CVD risk. RESULTS: HDP and parity were associated with 10-year CVD risk independent of established CVD risk factors, overall and at ages 40 to 49 years. However, inclusion of HDP and parity in the risk prediction model did not improve discrimination (Model A: C-index = 0.691; Model B: C-index = 0.693; p value for difference = 0.31) or risk reclassification (net reclassification improvement = 0.4%; 95% confidence interval: -0.2 to 1.0%; p = 0.26). CONCLUSIONS: In this first test of the clinical utility of HDP and parity in CVD risk prediction, additional inclusion of HDP and parity in an established risk score did not improve discrimination or reclassification in this low-risk population; this might be because of the known associations between HDP and established CVD risk factors in the reference model.
The association of maternal gestational hyperglycemia with breastfeeding duration and markers of milk production.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies focusing on the association between gestational diabetes and breastfeeding duration have been inconclusive. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to determine whether maternal gestational hyperglycemia is associated with the duration of breastfeeding and the concentrations of markers linked to breastmilk production. METHODS: Data from the prospective, multiethnic Growing Up in Singapore Towards Healthy Outcomes study were used to assess the association of fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-h postglucose challenge (2hPG) measured at 26-28 wk of gestation with duration of breastfeeding and concentrations of protein, lactose, citrate, sodium, potassium, and zinc in breastmilk 3 wk postpartum. RESULTS: Of the 1035 participants, 5.2% and 9.5% had elevated FPG and 2hPG, respectively, consistent with a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus based on International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. FPG ≥5.1 mmol/L was associated with a crude reduction in median breastfeeding duration of 2.3 mo. In a model adjusted for maternal prepregnancy BMI and intention to breastfeed, FPG ≥5.1 mmol/L predicted earlier termination of any breastfeeding (adjusted HR: 1.47; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.08) but not full breastfeeding (adjusted HR: 1.08; 0.76, 1.55). 2hPG ≥8.5 mmol/L was not significantly associated with the durations of any (adjusted HR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.62, 1.19) or full (adjusted HR: 0.85; 95% CI: 0.62, 1.18) breastfeeding. Maternal FPG was significantly and positively associated with breastmilk sodium (adjusted coefficient: 1.28; 95% CI: 1.08, 1.51) and sodium-to-potassium ratio (adjusted coefficient: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.08, 1.54) but not with other measured breastmilk components. CONCLUSIONS: Women with FPG ≥5.1 mmol/L during pregnancy breastfeed for a shorter duration. Future work involving measurement of milk production is needed to determine whether low milk production predicts breastfeeding duration among women with elevated FPG. This trial was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01174875.
Lifestyle, pregnancy and epigenetic effects.; Rapidly growing evidences link maternal lifestyle and prenatal factors with serious health consequences and diseases later in life. Extensive epidemiological studies have identified a number of factors such as diet, stress, gestational diabetes, exposure to tobacco and alcohol during gestation as influencing normal fetal development. In light of recent discoveries, epigenetic mechanisms such as alteration of DNA methylation, chromatin modifications and modulation of gene expression during gestation are believed to possibly account for various types of plasticity such as neural tube defects, autism spectrum disorder, congenital heart defects, oral clefts, allergies and cancer. The purpose of this article is to review a number of published studies to fill the gap in our understanding of how maternal lifestyle and intrauterine environment influence molecular modifications in the offspring, with an emphasis on epigenetic alterations. To support these associations, we highlighted laboratory studies of rodents and epidemiological studies of human based on sampling population cohorts.
Consolidation of Guidelines of Postpartum Care Recommendations to Address Maternal Morbidity and Mortality.; Rates of maternal morbidity and mortality in the United States represent an urgent crisis. The purpose of this article is to consolidate current postpartum care guidelines to provide a comprehensive approach to care in the postpartum period. We include a critical examination of the reasons for some women's lack of attendance at postpartum visits, the current state of postpartum care, and the unmet needs of women. We review several postpartum care programs and suggest possible solutions for the postpartum period, including clinical implications for continuity of care for women with comorbidities including gestational diabetes, hypertension, and depression.
The diabetic pregnancy and offspring blood pressure in childhood: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Offspring of diabetic mothers have increased risk of the metabolic syndrome in adulthood. Studies examining BP in offspring of diabetic mothers have conflicting conclusions. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies reporting offspring BP in children born to diabetic mothers. METHODS: Citations were identified in PubMed. Authors were contacted for additional data. Systolic and diastolic BP in offspring of diabetic mothers and controls were compared. Subgroup analysis of type of maternal diabetes and offspring sex were performed. Fixed-effects models were used, and random-effects models where significant heterogeneity was present. Meta-regression was used to test the relationship between offspring systolic BP and prepregnancy BMI. RESULTS: Fifteen studies were included in the review and 13 in the meta-analysis. Systolic BP was higher in offspring of diabetic mothers (mean difference 1.88 mmHg [95% CI 0.47, 3.28]; p = 0.009). Offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes had similar diastolic BP to controls, but higher systolic BP (1.39 mmHg [95% CI 0.00, 2.77]; p = 0.05); results for type 1 diabetes were inconclusive and there were no separate data available on offspring of type 2 diabetic mothers. Male offspring of diabetic mothers had higher systolic BP (2.01 mmHg [95% CI 0.93, 3.10]; p = 0.0003) and diastolic BP (1.12 mmHg [95% CI 0.36, 1.88]; p = 0.004) than controls; in female offspring there was no difference (systolic: 0.54 mmHg [95% CI -1.83, 2.90], p = 0.66; diastolic: 0.51 mmHg [95% CI -1.07, 2.09], p = 0.52). The correlation between offspring systolic BP and maternal prepregnancy BMI was not significant (p = 0.37). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Offspring of diabetic mothers have higher systolic BP than controls. Differences related to sex and type of maternal diabetes require further investigation.
[Effect of the treatment acceptance on the perinatal outcomes in women with subclinical hypothyroidism, positive thyroid gland peroxidase antibody in early pregnancy].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate if women with subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH), positive thyroid gland peroxidase antibody (TPOAb) in early pregnancy accepted treatment or not had effect on perinatal outcomes. METHODS: 15 000 pregnant women who delivered in Women and Infants Hospital of Zhengzhou from January 1, 2013 to June 30, 2014 were recruited retrospectively. Among them, 2 042 women had SCH in early pregnancy. The diagnostic standard of SCH was serum free thyroxine (FT4) between 12.91-22.35 pmol/L and TSH level between 5.22-10.00 mU/L. TPOAb level ≥ 34 U/L was defined as positive result. The 2 042 patients with SCH were divided into the treated group (1 236 cases) and the untreated group (806 cases), according to whether or not women accepted the levothyroxine treatment. Meanwhile, the 2 042 patients with SCH were divided into the TPOAb (+) treated group (1 021 cases), the TPOAb (+) untreated group (201 cases), the TPOAb (-) treated group (215 cases) and the TPOAb (-) untreated group (605 cases), according to the TPOAb result and acceptance the levothyroxine treatment. 2 000 pregnant women with normal thyroid function who delivered in the same period were selected as the control group. Perinatal outcomes were analyzed. RESULTS: (1) The incidence of SCH in early pregnancy was 13.61% (2 042/15 000). 60.53% (1 236/2 042) accepted levothyroxine treatment and 39.47% (806/2 042) did not. (2) The incidence of abortion (5.71%, 46/806), premature delivery (6.20%, 50/806), gestational hypertension disease (13.90%, 112/806), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; 6.58%, 53/806), fetal growth restriction (FGR; 12.28%, 99/806) and low birth weight infants (10.17%, 82/806) in the untreated group were higher than those in the treated group [3.96% (49/1 236), 4.21% (52/1 236), 10.76% (133/1 236), 4.13% (51/1 236), 8.90% (110/1 236), 7.52% (93/1 236), respectively] and the control group [3.60% (72/2 000), 4.00% (80/2 000), 10.70% (214/2 000), 3.80% (76/2 000), 9.60% (192/2 000), 7.50% (150/2 000), respectively]. The differences were statistically significant (P < 0.05). While there was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of placental abruption, anemia in pregnant women, or fetal distress among the three groups (P > 0.05). (3)The incidences of abortion (11.44%, 23/201), premature delivery (12.44%, 25/201), gestational hypertension disease (22.89%, 46/201), GDM (8.46%, 17/201), FGR (19.90%, 40/201) and low birth weight infants (16.42%, 33/201) in the TPOAb (+) untreated group were higher than those in TPOAb (+) treated group [4.02% (41/1 021), 4.21% (43/1 021), 10.77% (110/1 021), 4.11% (42/1 021), 8.72% (89/1 021), 7.35% (75/1 021), respectively] and the control group, with statistically significant differences (P < 0.05). The incidence of the pregnancy complications in the TPOAb (+) treated group was higher than those in the control group, but the differences were not statistically significant (P > 0.05). (4) There were no statistically significant difference (P > 0.05) in the incidence of abortion (3.72%, 8/215), premature delivery (4.19%, 9/215), gestational hypertension disease (10.70%, 23/215), GDM (4.19%, 9/215), FGR (9.77%, 21/215) or low birth weight infants (8.37%, 18/215) among the TPOAb (-) treated group, the TPOAb (-) untreated group [3.80% (23/605), 4.13% (25/605), 10.91% (66/605), 5.95% (36/605), 9.75% (59/605), 8.10% (49/605), respectively] and the control group. CONCLUSIONS: (1) The incidence of abortion, premature delivery, gestational hypertension disease, GDM, FGR and low birth weight infants could be increased in women with SCH in early pregnancy. (2) Thyroxine treatment could reduce the incidence of pregnancy complications in women with SCH in early pregnancy.
The association between in utero hyperinsulinemia and adolescent arterial stiffness.; AIM: To determine the relationship between in utero hyperinsulinemia and children's arterial stiffness at adolescence. METHODS: Indices of arterial stiffness were measured using the SphygmoCor apparatus in 129 adolescents (42 offsprings of mother with gestational diabetes and 87 offsprings of mother with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy) at 15 years of age. RESULTS: Adolescent of mothers with gestational diabetes had similar central aortic blood pressure, augmentation pressure (AP), augmentation index (AI), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV) as that of controls. However, both umbilical cord C-peptide and insulin levels correlated positively AI (R=0.28 and 0.24; p=0.011 and 0.035, respectively), and umbilical insulin level correlated positively with AP (R=0.25; p=0.025). The correlations were significant between umbilical cord C-peptide and AP (R=0.24; p=0.035) and AI (R=0.29; p=0.011) after adjustment for subjects' age, sex, body weight and height. Adolescents who had umbilical cord C-peptide levels at highest quartile (n=25), based on the reference ranges of the original cohort, had a significant greater PWV (5.26±0.12 m/s vs 4.98±0.12 m/s; p=0.0049) than those with C-peptide levels at the lower 3 quartiles (n=57) after adjustment for age, sex, body weight and height. CONCLUSIONS: In utero hyperinsulinemia appears to increase the offspring's arterial stiffness at early adolescence.
[Progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy: a retrospective analysis of a series of 77 consecutive patients].; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to assess diabetic retinopathy progression during pregnancy and to determine the predictive factors of this progression. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Monocentric retrospective study including 77 consecutive diabetic women submitted to a multidisciplinary medical follow-up during pregnancy with at least one ophthalmologic examination per trimester with ocular fundus photographs. RESULTS: Diabetic retinopathy was evidenced in 21 (27.3%) of the patients during the first trimester (no proliferative form), in 22 women (28.6%) during the second (two proliferative forms), and 24 (31.2%) during the third (two proliferative forms). Progression of at least 1 grade was evidenced in four patients from the first to the second trimester, in three from the second to the third, and finally in seven patients during the overall follow-up period. Two patients showed progression to a proliferative form from the first to the second quarter. We failed to identify any predictive factor of diabetic retinopathy progression except when combining prior systemic hypertension and pregnancy-induced hypertension (p<0.03). CONCLUSION: The results of our study confirm that diabetic retinopathy progression is uncommon during pregnancy, especially if diabetic retinopathy is absent or mild at the beginning. Optimal blood sugar levels and blood pressure check-ups play a major role in preventing diabetic retinopathy progression. Collaborative medical follow-up can minimize ophthalmologic impairment during pregnancy.
A 40-year-old woman with diabetes contemplating pregnancy after gastric bypass surgery.; Mrs T is a 40-year-old woman with type 2 diabetes and chronic hypertension who has had a gastric bypass procedure and is planning to conceive. She would like to know whether she can continue using metformin during the pregnancy and also is concerned about the effect of the gastric bypass surgery. This article discusses the management of diabetes prior to and during pregnancy, including appropriate preconception evaluation and the use of insulin and oral antidiabetic agents. The implications of gastric bypass surgery for pregnancy are also outlined. Important aspects include the need to optimize metabolic control prior to conception, to evaluate and treat vascular complications of diabetes prior to conception, and to provide the services of a health care team to gravid women with diabetes. Gastric bypass surgery with subsequent weight loss is likely to ameliorate type 2 diabetes, and special attention must be paid to nutrition when women who have undergone such procedures become pregnant.
An epidemiological model for diabetes mellitus in the United States: five major complications.; Diabetes mellitus affects almost 5.5 million Americans each year. An estimated additional 5 million individuals may have diabetes, but remain undetected. Individuals with diabetes are at high risk for the development of micro- and macrovascular disease, diabetic coma and adverse outcome of pregnancy. The rate at which these complications develop are now partially identifiable for the United States. For 5 potentially preventable complications (retinopathy, adverse outcome of pregnancy, vascular disease, nephropathy and diabetic coma) the morbidity and mortality rates can now be calculated. There exist 50,000 cases of blindness due to diabetes with an additional 5800 new cases each year. Adverse outcome of diabetic pregnancy occurs in over 18,000 births each year, with as many as 4500 related perinatal deaths. Each year 40,000 diabetics are required to have a lower extremity amputation. Of the already 70,000 diabetics who have had an amputation, 25,000 will die this year. End stage renal disease affects 4000 diabetics each year. During the same time period, of the 7500 existing cases of end stage renal disease, 2000 will result in mortality cases. Diabetic coma (DKA and HHNK) accounts for 67,400 hospitalizations and results in 3600 deaths each year. Together these complications and those associated with cardiovascular disease account for 323,000 deaths with diabetes as the underlying or contributing cause in the United States.
Diabetic embryopathy.; Infants of diabetic mothers have three to four times the incidence of congenital malformations than that in the general population. These anomalies include defects of the neural tube, heart, urogenital system, skeleton and alimentary tract, and the caudal regression syndrome. The anomalies are considered to result from the maternal metabolic derangements. The mechanism has been suggested to involve a diminished turnover of phosphoinositide or arachidonic acid, or an excess of free oxygen radicals. As most of the anomalies in infants of diabetic mothers occur in the first few weeks of pregnancy, strict glycemic control beginning before conception appears mandated.
Fetal-Maternal Exposure to Endocrine Disruptors: Correlation with Diet Intake and Pregnancy Outcomes.; Endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) are exogenous substances able to mimic or to interfere with the endocrine system, thus altering key biological processes such as organ development, reproduction, immunity, metabolism and behavior. High concentrations of EDCs are found in several everyday products including plastic bottles and food containers and they could be easily absorbed by dietary intake. In recent years, considerable interest has been raised regarding the biological effects of EDCs, particularly Bisphenol A (BPA) and phthalates, on human pregnancy and fetal development. Several evidence obtained on in vitro and animal models as well as by epidemiologic and population studies strongly indicated that endocrine disruptors could negatively impact fetal and placental health by interfering with the embryonic developing epigenome, thus establishing disease paths into adulthood. Moreover, EDCs could cause and/or contribute to the onset of severe gestational conditions as Preeclampsia (PE), Fetal Growth Restriction (FGR) and gestational diabetes in pregnancy, as well as obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular complications in reproductive age. Therefore, despite contrasting data being present in the literature, endocrine disruptors must be considered as a therapeutic target. Future actions aimed at reducing or eliminating EDC exposure during the perinatal period are mandatory to guarantee pregnancy success and preserve fetal and adult health.
First trimester fasting plasma glucose screen in advanced maternal age women: a cost-effectiveness analysis.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of preexisting type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the United States is on the rise. Women of advanced maternal age (AMA, ≥35 years) are more likely to have preexisting T2DM in pregnancy because glucose intolerance increases with age. Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with significant maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality, and earlier treatment initiation improves pregnancy outcomes. However, maternal age is not currently recognized as an independent risk factor that warrants diabetes screening prior to the traditional screen at 24-28 weeks gestation. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of screening all AMA women with a first trimester fasting plasma glucose (FPG) test for earlier diagnosis and management of preexisting T2DM. STUDY DESIGN: A decision-analytic model was created to compare pregnancy outcomes in AMA women who undergo a first trimester FPG test vs third trimester oral glucose tolerance test alone. Probabilities were obtained from the literature. Outcomes examined included preeclampsia, preterm delivery, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, brachial plexus injury (BPI), intrauterine fetal demise (IUFD), cerebral palsy, and neonatal death. The cost, quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs), and incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of the first trimester screening strategy were examined as well. Sensitivity analyses and a Monte Carlo simulation were performed to test the model's robustness. RESULTS: In AMA women, screening for preexisting T2DM in the first trimester with an FPG test resulted in fewer cases of preeclampsia, preterm delivery, BPI, IUFD, cerebral palsy, and neonatal death compared to performing a third trimester oral glucose tolerance test alone, and is cost-effective. Monte Carlo analysis incorporating the distribution of all probabilities showed that first trimester FPG screening remained cost-effective as long as the incremental cost of initiating diabetes treatment in the first trimester was less than $150,000 and the cost of the FPG screen was less than $2700. CONCLUSION: Compared to third trimester oral glucose tolerance test alone, performing a first trimester FPG screen in AMA women is cost-saving and more effective.
Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy in an infant of a diabetic mother: support by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation and treatment with beta-adrenergic blockade and increased intravenous fluid administration.; In infants with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM) on extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), conventional treatment with inotropes, fluid restriction, and diuretics may be detrimental. This case reports an infant of a diabetic mother with HOCM on ECMO illustrating beneficial effects of beta adrenergic blockade and increased fluid administration.
The effect of pregnancy on the natural history of diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy.; Retinopathy and nephropathy are complications of diabetes mellitus that can affect women of reproductive age. This article focuses on the effect of pregnancy on the risk of progression of microvascular disease, both during gestation and at long-term follow-up. Fortunately, with intensive medical surveillance and appropriate interventions, most women with types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus can be offered an optimistic prognosis for child bearing.
The role of first trimester fetal heart rate in the prediction of gestational diabetes: A multicenter study.; OBJECTIVE: Early pregnancy models for prediction of GDM have been proposed, mostly using anamnestic and biochemical parameters. The aim of our study was to evaluate the strength of association of first trimester fetal heart rate (FHR) in predicting the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). STUDY DESIGN: We considered in our analysis singleton non-diabetic pregnant women who underwent a first trimester screening at 11-14 weeks. Data on maternal age, BMI, cigarette smoking, NT, FHR, CRL, DV-PVI, β-hCG and PAPP-A were included in the analysis. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and first-trimester ultrasound measurements and GDM. We evaluated the efficacy of different models for the prediction of GDM. RESULTS: We considered 603 women, of whom 199 (33%) were subsequently diagnosed with GDM. ROC analysis showed that first trimester FHR was highly predictive of GDM (AUC 0.809, 95% CI 0.769-0.849, p < 0.001). At FPR of 20%, first trimester FHR had a detection rate of 65.2% for GDM (positive likelihood ratio: 3.26; negative likelihood ratio: 0.43), which increased to 89.5% at FPR of 40% (positive likelihood ratio: 2.24; negative likelihood ratio: 0.17). When considering as threshold 162 bpm, FHR showed detection rate of 76.9%, specificity of 67.1% and negative predictive value of 85.5% for GDM. CONCLUSION: This is the first study to highlight the potential role of first trimester FHR as early predictor of GDM. In our cohort, a threshold of 162 bpm has shown high detection rate and NPV for GDM.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A associates with cardiovascular events in diabetic hemodialysis patients.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) has prognostic impact in pregnancy and acute coronary syndrome. Patients with chronic kidney disease have an excessive cardiovascular risk. In an effort to identify novel risk factors for cardiovascular disease, we investigated the relationship of PAPP-A with specific outcomes in diabetic patients undergoing dialysis. METHODS: PAPP-A was measured in 1098 diabetic hemodialysis patients, who participated in the German Diabetes and Dialysis Study and followed-up for a median of 4 years. By Cox regression analysis, we assessed the association of baseline levels of PAPP-A with all-cause mortality, combined cardiovascular events and the specific outcomes of sudden death, stroke, myocardial infarction and infectious mortality. RESULTS: Patients had a mean age of 66 ± 8 years (54% male) and median PAPP-A concentration of 17 mIU/L (IQR 13.4-20.9 mIU/L). Per standard deviation increase in PAPP-A the adjusted risk of sudden cardiac death increased by 23% (HR 1.23, 95%CI 1.12-1.36). Categorical analyses showed that the patients in the 4(th) PAPP-A quartile had an adjusted 2.6 fold increased risk of sudden death and 2.8 fold increased risk of stroke as compared to the patients in the 1st quartile. Similarly, the risk of combined cardiovascular events was significantly elevated by the factor 1.5 in patients of the 4(th) quartile. Additionally, PAPP-A levels were associated with infectious deaths and all-cause mortality. CONCLUSIONS: PAPP-A is associated with sudden death, stroke and infectious complications in diabetic dialysis patients. PAPP-A may be useful for risk assessment and monitoring in populations at high risk of cardiovascular events.
Biological effects of a maternal ED on pregnancy and foetal development: a review.; The aim of this paper was to review the literature on the biological effects of a maternal eating disorder (ED) (and relevant comorbidities) in pregnancy on mothers and in particular on the foetus. We also aimed to highlight possible mechanisms of risk for long-term consequences in the offspring. Relevant literature was searched for using PubMed, PsychInfo and Google Scholar and manually through relevant research papers. The consequences of maternal EDs in pregnancy on EDs symptoms, psychopathology and perinatal outcomes are discussed. A developmental model of possible risk mechanisms for adverse long-term nutritional and psychopathological outcomes in the offspring is proposed. Maternal EDs during pregnancy are likely to have important long-term biological effects on the foetus. Further research needs to clarify potential biological risk mechanisms highlighted in this review.
Arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acid in the blood of a mother and umbilical vein in diabetic pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine the total concentration of fatty acids (FAs) in the maternal vein serum and in the umbilical vein serum in pregnant women suffering from Type 1 diabetes compared to healthy women. Additional goal was to determine the percentages of arachidonic (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in comparison to the total concentration of FAs. METHODS: The study included 63 pregnant women, 32 suffering from Type 1 diabetes and 31 healthy pregnant women. Extraction of total lipids was performed using gas chromatography. RESULTS: There was statistically significant difference in the total FAs concentration in the maternal vein serum and the umbilical vein serum between the two groups. There was a statistically significant higher concentration of total FAs in the maternal and umbilical vein serum of the diabetic group. Higher AA and DHA concentrations were found in the maternal vein serum compared to an umbilical vein serum of the diabetic group. CONCLUSION: No difference was found in AA and DHA percentages in the maternal or in the umbilical vein serum of diabetic pregnant women. Despite of T1DM, a good metabolic control leads to insignificant changes in the AA and DHA levels in diabetic pregnancy.
Pattern of glycosaminoglycan distribution in tissue and blood vessels of human placenta.; The composition of separate crude glycosaminoglycan preparations from placental tissue and corresponding villous blood vessels was investigated in normal human placentas at various stages of maturation and in placentas from diabetic, toxemic and insufficient pregnancies. The crude preparations were separated into individual glycosaminoglycans and identified by means of electrophoresis on cellulose acetate prior or after specific enzymatic or chemical treatments. Relative amounts of individual glycosaminoglycans were estimated by densitometric scanning of the alcian blue-reactive electrophoretic bands. Irrespective of the nature of placenta, the contents of uronic acid and neutral sugar were higher in the preparations derived from blood vessels, as compared to placental tissue. Hyaluronic acid, chondroitin sulfates, heparan sulfate and dermatan sulfate were found in both preparations. The proportion of dermatan sulfate was higher while that of heparan sulfate was lower in the blood vessel preparations, compared to placental tissue. It is suggested that both heparan sulfate and dermatan sulfate may function as anticoagulants in their specific locations, namely, the maternal sinuses and the villous fetal blood vessels. The type of the glycosaminoglycan present may also influence the permeability of the tissue.
Unique brain anomalies in an infant of a diabetic mother.; An offspring of a class F diabetic primigravida with marginal control during the first 8 weeks of the gestation had a level II sonogram at 23 weeks. It showed polyhydramnios and "hydrocephaly." Macrosomia, right hydroureter, megacystis and premature birth corroborated the diagnostic impression of diabetic embryopathy. At age 3 years, the child functions within the moderate range of mental retardation. Angiography, choanogram, CT and MRI scans showed unique CNS abnormalities that appeared secondary to a hamartomatous growth within the left cerebral hemisphere. Such anomaly, most likely a part of the phenotype of the diabetic embryopathy, implies a growth disturbance secondary to dysregulated paracrine growth factors (somatomedins, nerve growth factor, panregulin and/or their receptors in this case). It also indicates a possibility of interaction between two dysregulated major growth mechanisms; the endocrine in the mother considered responsible for the overall phenotype of the diabetic embryopathy/fetopathy and the paracrine fine tuning mechanism in the embryo incriminated by the hamartomatous over/undergrowth.
Society for maternal and fetal medicine workshop on pregnancy as a window to future health: Clinical utility of classifying women with metabolic syndrome.; Women with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and obesity during pregnancy are at risk for medical complications later in life. Therefore, practitioners should identify those who can benefit from early diagnosis and interventions. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of risk factors including hypertension, elevated triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose intolerance, and obesity, which also identifies those at risk for cardiovascular disease. Taking the time to classify women with the metabolic syndrome does not necessarily offer risk stratification superior to that offered by identifying the individual components. This article will offer conclusions regarding the need for busy obstetrician/gynecologists to make this classification.
Uterine artery Doppler velocimetry and obstetric outcomes in connective tissue diseases diagnosed during the first trimester of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of connective tissue disease (CTD) diagnosed during the first trimester on uterine arteries (UtA) Doppler velocities and on pregnancy outcomes. METHOD: Pregnant women were screened for CTDs during the first trimester, using a questionnaire, testing for autoantibodies, rheumatologic examination and UtA Doppler evaluations. RESULTS: Out of 3932 women screened, 491 (12.5%) were screened positive at the questionnaire; of them, 165(33.6%) tested positive for autoantibodies, including 66 eventually diagnosed with undifferentiated connective tissue disease (UCTD), 28 with a definite CTD and 71 with insufficient criteria for a diagnosis. Controls were 326 women screened negative for autoantibodies. In logistic analysis, women diagnosed with either UCTD (OR = 7.9, 95% CI = 2.3-27.3) or overt CTD (OR = 24.9, 95% CI = 6.7-92.4), had increased rates of first trimester bilateral UtA notches compared with controls. The rates of bilateral UtA notches persisting in the second (15/94 vs 0/326, p < 0.001) and third trimesters (7/94 vs 0/326, p < .001) were higher among women with CTDs than in controls. The risk of complications (preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, prematurity, diabetes, fetal loss) was higher (OR = 7.8, 95% CI = 3.6-17.0) among women with CTDs than in controls. CONCLUSION: Women with undiagnosed CTDs have higher rates of bilateral UtA Doppler notches throughout pregnancy and increased rates of adverse pregnancy outcomes than controls.
[What does the relation of digoxin-like immunoactivity and serum insulin levels in pregnant women signify?].; BACKGROUND: Digoxin-like immunoactivity (DLIA) reflects the presence of endogenous substances which are close to cardiac glycosides. These substances via inhibition of Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase increase intracellular calcium stores (Ca2+i) and may modulate various Ca(2+)-dependent mechanisms. Although DLIA are known primarily as hypertension and natriuresis promoting factors, several recent works have suggested that DLIA relates also to diabetes mellitus. The main stimulus for DLIA secretion represents volume-expansion. AIM OF STUDY: To assess relation of DLIA to glucose tolerance and insulin levels in pregnant women (PW). SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 1) 67 PW (DLIA measured by RIA-kit HUMA-LAB Kosice), 2) 53 PW (DLIA measured by RIA-kit ORION). PW were subdivided according to the glucose tolerance and insulin concentrations. RESULTS: 1. DLIA in hyperinsulinemic PW were significantly higher than in those with normal insulin levels. 2. DLIA significantly correlated with insulin levels as well as with insulinogenic index. 3. The increase in plasma glucose and insulinemia during OGTT was accompanied by a decrease in DLIA. These findings were independent of other measured parameters (age, body mass index, pregnancy induced weight gain, blood pressure and steroid hormones). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that DLIA does not respond only to changes regarding sodium-retention and volume-expansion, but also to changes in glucose and insulin metabolism. Thus, DLIA could represent one of the markers of "specific" neurohumoral activation. However, the question of whether an elevation in DLIA may consequently modulate mechanisms of insulin secretion, insulin sensitivity, vascular reactivity and other Ca2+i-dependent mechanisms remains speculative. (Tab. 4, Fig. 4, Ref. 41).
Bacterial endocarditis due to Listeria monocytogenes in a pregnant diabetic.; A case of bacterial endocarditis due to Listeria monocytogenes in a pregnant, Class D diabetic patient is presented. The importance of obtaining proper cultures and instituting appropriate antibiotic therapy promptly is emphasized. A favorable outcome was achieved in spite of the combined risk to the fetus of maternal diabetes and listeria endocarditis.
High amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels are associated with an increased frequency of fetal and neonatal morbidity in type 1 diabetic pregnancies.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: In this study we investigated whether chronic fetal hypoxia, as indicated by amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels, is associated with perinatal morbidity in type 1 diabetic pregnancies. METHODS: A total of 331 women with type 1 diabetes had at least one childbirth between 1995 and 2000. The amniotic fluid erythropoietin concentration was measured in 156 diabetic singleton pregnancies at a median time of 1 day before Caesarean section without labour contractions and in 19 healthy control subjects at Caesarean section. RESULTS: The median amniotic fluid erythropoietin level was 14.0 mU/ml (range 2.0-1975.0) in diabetic pregnancies and 6.3 mU/ml (range 1.7-13.7) in controls (p<0.0001). Of the 156 diabetic patients, 21 (13.5%) had amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels higher than 63.0 mU/ml. Amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels correlated negatively with umbilical artery pH (r=-0.49, p<0.0001) and pO2 (r=-0.62, p<0.0001) at birth and neonatal lowest blood glucose level (r=-0.47, p<0.0001). Positive correlations were found between amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels and umbilical artery pCO2 (r=0.49, p<0.0001) and last maternal HbA1c (r=0.43, p<0.0001). Furthermore, a U-shaped correlation was demonstrated between amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels and birthweight z score (z score below -0.6 SD units: r=-0.63, p=0.0007; z score above +1.0 SD units: r=0.32, p=0.0014). Neonatal hypoglycaemia, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and admission to the neonatal intensive care unit occurred significantly more often in cases with high amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels (>63.0 mU/ml) than in those with normal levels. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that amniotic fluid erythropoietin was the only variable independently related to low umbilical artery pH (<7.21; p<0.0001) and neonatal hypoglycaemia (p=0.002). Low umbilical artery pO2 (<15.0 mm Hg) was explained by amniotic fluid erythropoietin (p<0.0001) and birthweight z score (p=0.004). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Antenatal high amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels can identify type 1 diabetic pregnancies at increased risk of severe perinatal complications.
First-trimester detection of fetal anomalies in pregestational diabetes using nuchal translucency, ductus venosus Doppler, and maternal glycosylated hemoglobin.; OBJECTIVE: The frequency of fetal anomalies in women with pregestational diabetes correlates with their glycemic control. This study aimed to assess the predictive performance of first-trimester fetal nuchal translucency (NT), ductus venosus (DV) Doppler, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) to predict fetal anomalies in women with pregestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective observational study of patients undergoing first-trimester NT with DV Doppler. Screening performance was tested for first-trimester parameters to detect fetal anomalies. RESULTS: Of 293 patients, 17 had fetal anomalies (11 cardiac, 7 major, 3 multisystem). All anomalous fetuses were suspected prenatally. One had NT >95th centile, 2 had reversed DV a-wave, and 13 had HbA1c >7.0%. The HbA1c was the primary determinant of anomalies (r(2), 0.15; P < .001) and >8.35% was the optimal cutoff for prediction of anomalies with an area under the curve of 0.72 (95% confidence interval, 0.57-0.88). Therefore, first-trimester prediction of anomalies was best in women with increased NT or HbA1c >8.3% (sensitivity 70.6%, specificity 77.4%, positive predictive value 16.2%, negative predictive value 97.7%, P < .001). CONCLUSION: In women with pregestational diabetes and poor glycemic control, an increased NT increases risks for major fetal anomalies. Second-trimester follow-up is required to achieve accurate prenatal diagnosis.
Association of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy With Coronary Microvascular Dysfunction 8 to 10 Years After Delivery.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with subsequent adverse cardiac remodeling and cardiovascular disease. The role of myocardial microvascular disease among individuals with HDP and left ventricular (LV) remodeling as a potential link to cardiovascular disease is unknown. We aimed to determine whether individuals with HDP history have coronary microvascular dysfunction measured by coronary flow reserve 8 to 10 years after delivery and whether microvascular dysfunction correlates with LV remodeling. METHODS: Individuals with pregnancies delivered from 2008 to 2010 underwent burst-replenishment myocardial contrast echocardiography (2017-2020) to quantify myocardial perfusion at rest and during dobutamine stress. Video intensity versus time data were used to derive β, the rate of rise of video intensity, a correlate for myocardial blood flow. Coronary flow reserve was calculated as the ratio of β at peak stress to β at rest, averaged across LV myocardial regions of interest. RESULTS: We studied 91 individuals (aged 38±6 and 9.1±0.9 years postdelivery) and 19 with a history of HDP. Individuals with coronary microvascular dysfunction (coronary flow reserve <2.0; n=13) had a higher proportion of HDP (46.2% versus 16.7%; P=0.026) and higher prepregnancy body mass index, baseline heart rate, and hemoglobin A1c compared with those without microvascular dysfunction. The association of coronary flow reserve and HDP was attenuated after adjusting for cardiometabolic factors (P=0.133). In exploratory subgroup analyses, individuals with both LV remodeling (relative wall thickness >0.42) and HDP (n=12) had the highest proportion of microvascular dysfunction (41.7% versus +HDP-LV remodeling [n=7] 14.3%; -HDP+LV remodeling [n=26] 7.7%; P=0.0498). CONCLUSIONS: In this small study, HDP history is associated with coronary microvascular dysfunction 1 decade after delivery, findings that may, in part, be driven by metabolic factors including obesity and diabetes. Microvascular dysfunction may contribute to cardiovascular disease among individuals with a history of HDP.
A fetal dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy associated with maternal gestational diabetes--a case report.; There is an increased risk of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and congenital heart defects among newborns of diabetic mothers. We report a case of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy preceded with dilated cardiomyopathy in a fetus of a diabetic mother. The fetal echocardiography at the 23rd week of gestation revealed signs of dilated cardiomyopathy with signs of cardiac failure. Under the echocardiographic monitoring the successful treatment was performed. In spite of poor prognosis, the child was born at the 39th gestation week in a good condition.
O-GlcNAc transferase contributes to sex-specific placental deregulation in gestational diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is traditionally thought to emerge from placental endocrine dysregulations, but recent evidence suggests that fetal sex can also impact GDM development. Understanding the molecular mechanisms through which sex modulates placenta physiology can help identify novel molecular targets for future clinical care. Thus, we investigated the nutrient-sensing O-GlcNAc pathway as a potential mediator of sex-specific placenta dysfunction in GDM. METHODS: Expression levels of O-GlcNAc enzymes were measured in male and female (n = 9+/gender) human placentas based on the maternal diagnosis of GDM. We then simulated the observed differences in both BeWo cells and human syncytiotrophoblasts primary cells (SCT) from male and female origins (n = 6/gender). RNA sequencing and targeted qPCR were performed to characterize the subsequent changes in the placenta transcriptome related to gestational diabetes. RESULTS: O-GlcNAc transferase (OGT) expression was significantly reduced only in male placenta collected from mothers with GDM compared to healthy controls. Similar downregulation of OGT in trophoblast-like BeWo male cells demonstrated significant gene expression deregulations that overlapped with known GDM-related genes. Notably, placental growth hormone (GH) production was significantly elevated, while compensatory factors against GH-related insulin resistance were diminished. Inflammatory and immunologic factors with toxic effects on pancreatic β cell mass were also increased, altogether leaning toward a decompensatory diabetic profile. Similar changes in hormone expression were confirmed in male human primary SCTs transfected with siOGT. However, down-regulating OGT in female primary SCTs did not impact hormone production. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrated the significant deregulation of placental OGT levels in mothers with GDM carrying a male fetus. When simulated in vitro, such deregulation impacted hormonal production in BeWo trophoblast cells and primary SCTs purified from male placentas. Interestingly, female placentas were only modestly impacted by OGT downregulation, suggesting that the sex-specific presentation observed in gestational diabetes could be related to O-GlcNAc-mediated regulation of placental hormone production.
An unusual cause of severe hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes mellitus. Antepartum pituitary failure: a case report and literature review.; We describe an unusual cause of severe hypoglycaemia, secondary to hypopituitarism as a result of antepartum pituitary failure, in a pregnant patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Antepartum pituitary failure is a very rare condition, which has been reported only in a very small number of pregnant patients with diabetes and presents with an acute onset headache and a sub-arachnoid haemorrhage-like picture. It is a potentially fatal condition to the mother and the child if not recognised and treated. Our case report highlights the importance of thinking about hypopituitarism, as a cause of recurrent hypoglycaemia in pregnant patients with T1DM as missing the diagnosis could be fatal to the mother and child.
Incidence, risk factors, management, and outcomes of stroke in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the incidence of antenatal stroke in the United Kingdom and to describe risk factors associated with stroke during pregnancy, management, and outcomes. METHODS: A population-based (nationwide) cohort and nested case-control study was conducted using the UK Obstetric Surveillance System between October 2007 and March 2010. We investigated the potential factors associated with antenatal stroke using a logistic regression analysis to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: Thirty cases of antenatal stroke were reported giving an estimated incidence of 1.5 cases per 100,000 women delivering (95% CI 1.0-2.1). The incidences of nonhemorrhagic and hemorrhagic stroke were 0.9 (95% CI 0.5-1.3) and 0.6 (95% CI 0.3-1.0) per 100,000 women delivering. Factors associated with increased risk of antenatal stroke were history of migraine (adjusted OR 8.5, 95% CI 1.5-62.1), gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 26.8, 95% CI 3.2-∞), and preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted OR 7.7, 95% CI 1.3-55.7). There was wide variation in the use of pharmacologic, surgical, and organized stroke unit care. There were six stroke-related maternal deaths giving a case-fatality rate of 20% of all strokes, 50% of hemorrhagic strokes, and a mortality rate of 0.3 (95% CI 0.1-0.6) per 100,000 women delivering. CONCLUSION: The risk of a stroke during pregnancy is low; however, the poor outcomes in terms of morbidity and mortality and variations in care highlight the importance of such women receiving specialist stroke care. Clinicians should be aware of an association with a history of migraine, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia or eclampsia. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Effectiveness of a structured exercise intervention in gestational weight gain in pregnant women with overweight and obesity: A systematic review with meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the effectiveness of exercise interventions during pregnancy in managing gestational weight gain (GWG), excessive GWG, gestational diabetes (GD), hypertensive disorders, 2-h post-oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and birth weight in pregnant women with overweight/obesity (OW/OB). METHODS: The search strategy was conducted in five electronic databases, restricting to articles published within the past 10 years. Randomized controlled trials comparing exercise intervention with usual prenatal care in pregnant women with OW/OB were considered. Two reviewers extracted data and assessed the risk of bias using version 2 of the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool for randomized trials and the quality of studies using Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation classification. Continuous data were calculated as mean differences (MDs) and dichotomous data as risk ratios (RRs). RESULTS: Seven trials comprising 1648 pregnant women were included. Exercise interventions were associated with lower GWG (MD, -1.19 kg [95% confidence interval, CI, -1.79 to -0.60]) and lower incidence of GD (RR, 0.56 [95% CI, 0.40-0.78]). When analyzing excessive GWG, 2-h post-OGTT, birth weight, and hypertensive disorders, there was no statistically significant difference between the exercise and usual care groups. The strength of evidence was considered moderate. CONCLUSION: Exercise interventions during pregnancy in women with OW/OB were shown to influence GWG and the incidence of GD.
Maternal obesity and metabolic disorders associate with congenital heart defects in the offspring: A systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common congenital malformations. The aetiology of CHDs is complex. Large cohort studies and systematic reviews and meta-analyses based on these have reported an association between higher risk of CHDs in the offspring and individual maternal metabolic disorders such as obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and preeclampsia, all conditions that can be related to insulin resistance or hyperglycaemia. However, the clinical reality is that these conditions often occur simultaneously. The aim of this review is, in consequence, both to evaluate the existing evidence on the association between maternal metabolic disorders, defined as obesity, diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, dyslipidaemia and CHDs in the offspring, as well as the significance of combinations, such as metabolic syndrome, as risk factors. METHODS: A systematic literature search of papers published between January 1, 1990 and January 14, 2021 was conducted using PubMed and Embase. Studies were eligible if they were published in English and were case-control or cohort studies. The exposures of interest were maternal overweight or obesity, hypertension, preeclampsia, diabetes, dyslipidaemia, and/or metabolic syndrome, and the outcome of interest was CHDs in the offspring. Furthermore, the studies were included according to a quality assessment score. RESULTS: Of the 2,250 identified studies, 32 qualified for inclusion. All but one study investigated only the individual metabolic disorders. Some disorders (obesity, gestational diabetes, and hypertension) increased risk of CHDs marginally whereas pre-gestational diabetes and early-onset preeclampsia were strongly associated with CHDs, without consistent differences between CHD subtypes. A single study suggested a possible additive effect of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Future studies of the role of aberrations of the glucose-insulin homeostasis in the common aetiology and mechanisms of metabolic disorders, present during pregnancy, and their association, both as single conditions and-particularly-in combination, with CHDs are needed.
Congenital malformations in diabetic offspring.; A retrospective study of 215 deliveries in diabetic mothers at Hospital de Clínicas (Montevideo, Uruguay) has been performed. Presence of congenital malformations (CM) was considered in relation to age of the mothers, class of maternal diabetes, maternal angiopathy, treatment and metabolic control. The prevalence of CM in the series was 9.8%. None of the factors analyzed seems to be statistically linked to the prevalence of CM.
Nutritional support during pregnancy and lactation.; Needs for virtually all nutrients increase during pregnancy and lactation but those for iron are the most difficult to meet from a normal diet. During pregnancy, nutritional objectives include helping the woman to increase the quality of her diet in protective nutrients as well as energy to meet the elevated needs of gestation, ensuring satisfactory weight gain patterns, prescribing iron and possible folic acid supplements, ensuring that intakes of alcohol, drugs, and other potentially harmful substances are moderate, preparing her for feeding the infant, and coping with any special diet-related problems that may arise. These issues and the management of edema, high blood pressure, and diabetes mellitus are discussed. Prenatal preparations for lactation and diet during lactation are also discussed. Specific objectives of nutritional education on lactation include helping the mother to make the decision to breast or bottle feed, taking steps to prepare her nipples if this is necessary and planning her diet. Dietary adjustments are discussed and a food guide presented. Iron supplements for ther lactating mother and iron, vitamin D, and fluoride supplements for the infant are recommended.
Evaluation of different approaches to obstetric care: Part 1.; The obstetric management and results obtained by two obstetric teams working in the Cardiff Maternity Hospital over a five-year period are compared. One team had a more active approach to induction of labour and antepartum monitoring with urinary oestrogen assay and serial ultrasound cephalometry than the other. After controlling for differences in the attributes of the two groups of patients treated, it was not possible to show any striking advantage or disadvantage of the more active approach.
Assessment of cardiomyopathy in fetuses of women with false positive oral glucose loading test.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate fetal asymmetric septal hypertrophy in women with a false positive oral glucose loading test (OGL). STUDY DESIGN: OGL was applied to 79 pregnant women at gestational age between 24 and 28 weeks. The first study group consisted of patients with a normal OGL. Cases having glucose levels above 130 mg/dL after 50 g OGL but a normal 100g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) formed a second group. M-mode echocardiography was then performed. Fetal septal and left ventricular posterior wall (LVPW) thicknesses in Group 1 and Group 2 were compared. RESULTS: Mean septal and LVPW thickness was slightly higher in the second group but there was no statistically significant difference between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Although statistically not significant, there is some increase in septal and ventricular wall thickness in cases with high OGL but normal OGTT. The study also provides evidence of the absence of prominent septal and ventricular thickening in these cases with minimal glucose intolerance.
Glutathione metabolism and oxidative stress in neonatal rat tissues from streptozotocin-induced diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy has been reported to cause congenital malformations in the offspring. Hyperglycemia-induced teratogenicity is related to the increased oxidative stress and depletion of glutathione (GSH) in fetal tissues. METHODS: In the present study, we have examined the levels of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and peroxide production in the tissues of neonatal rats and in the pancreas of diabetic mother rats. Diabetes was induced one day after pregnancy by a single injection of streptozotocin (60 mg/kg body weight). Different tissues from one-day-old neonates and the pancreas from the mothers were collected to study the level of oxidative stress and GSH metabolism. RESULTS: An increase in ROS and peroxide production was observed in the pancreas of diabetic rats and in the liver, kidney, brain and skin of the neonates of the diabetic mothers. The catalytic activity of cytochrome P450 2E1 (CYP2E1) was also increased in these tissues from diabetic rats. With the exception of the kidney, the GSH concentration was significantly lower in the tissues of neonates and in the pancreas of diabetic mothers. CONCLUSION: This reduction in GSH concentration was presumably associated with its increased utilization, due to increased production of peroxides and also due to its reduced regeneration. The study may have an implication in understanding the pathology of diabetic complications in pregnancy and sensitivity toward antioxidant therapy during pregnancy.
Effects of streptozotocin-induced diabetes in pregnant rats on placental transport and tissue uptake of alpha-amino-isobutyric acid.; Placental transport and tissue uptake of amino acids were studied in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic rats by using the non-metabolizable amino acid [U-14C]-alpha-amino-isobutyric acid (AIB). Fifteen minutes prior to autopsy, animals of each group, control (C), diabetic (D), diabetic-insulin treated (DI) and diabetic-T4 followed by 3-5-Dimethyl-3'-isopropyl-L-thyronine (DIMIT) treated (DTD), received an injection of the [U-14C]-AIB SC. Disintegrations per minute (DPM) were measured in serum and tissues subsequent to autopsy. There were no differences in maternal serum DPM/ml among groups. Fetal serum DPM, however, were lower in D and DTD groups than in the C group. The whole fetal tissue homogenate radioactivity was lower in the D, DTD, and DI groups than in the C group. In general, more AIB was taken up by fetal tissues of C than D animals. Maternal liver AIB uptake was reduced in D, DI, and DTD from C animals and net placental transport of AIB was less in D and DTD than C animals. Fetal liver protein concentrations were depressed in D and DTD animals from C and DI, but fetal brain protein concentrations showed no significant differences. Furthermore, the lower organ and fetal body weights of the D and DTD groups compared with the C and DI groups support the proposal that fetal anabolism is impaired. Maternal and fetal serum T4 concentrations were lower in D and DTD than in C and DI animals. Insulin therapy improved serum T4 levels in both mother and fetuses. It did not, however, correct all other measured parameters.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Elevated MST1 leads to apoptosis via depletion of YAP1 in cardiomyocytes exposed to high glucose.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. The article aimed to investigate the expression and roles of MST1, YAP1, Last1/2 and Survivin in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced heart abnormality. METHODS: Diabetes mellitus was induced in rats using streptozotocin. The protein expression and phosphorylation analysis in fetal heart tissue was assessed by western blot and immunohistochemical staining. Hoechst 33342 staining assay was performed to explore H9C2 apoptosis. The gene and protein expression in H9C2 cells was assessed by quantitative PCR and western blot. Knockdown of gene expression was assessed by RNA interference. RESULTS: Our results revealed that increased MST1 protein levels in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vivo and in H9C2 cardiomyocytes under HG treatment in vitro, respectively. Knockdown and overexpression experiments showed that MST1 played a key role in mediating HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Downregulation of YAP1 was associated with HG-induced, MST1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis. Further study showed that MST1 downregulated the protein level of YAP1 through mediation of YAP1 phosphorylation on Ser127 and Ser397; this process also required LATS1/2 participation. MST1 overexpression increased the phosphorylation levels of LATS1/2, which were also shown to be increased in the heart tissues of diabetic offspring. We also found that YAP1 mediated the expression of Survivin during HG-induced apoptosis, and the Survivin-inhibitor YM155 partially inhibited the role of YAP1 in suppressing apoptosis induced by HG in cardiomyocytes. CONCLUSION: These findings reveal a regulatory mechanism of MST1/YAP1/Survivin signaling in modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in vitro and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects in vivo.
Quantitative synaptic changes on Purkinje cell dendritic spines of rats born from streptozotocin-induced diabetic mothers.; This study was undertaken to elucidate the quantitative synaptic changes on the dendritic spines of the Purkinje cells of the rats born from streptozotocin-induced diabetic mothers. The brains of the experimental rats including cerebellum decreased in weight and in size on days 1, 30 and 70 as compared to those of the age-matched controls. Ultrastructural observation did not show any significant destructive changes in their cerebellum on days 30 and 70. However, the measurements for the synaptic length and area of dendritic spine of their Purkinje cells on days 30 and 70 showed an increase of about 10% in the former and of about 42% in the latter as compared to those in the age-matched control. These evidences suggest a presence of compensation in the brains thus damaged.
[Carbohydrate- and lipid-metabolism changes in monosynaptic H-gestosis].; The parameter of carbohydrate and fat metabolism (FFA, glyzerin and blood sugar) was tested among forty pregnant women with a monosymptomatic H-gestosis in the thirty-eighth and forty-second week of pregnancy. With a clear rise of all tested metabolic parameters in the single control group and the current significance of an excessive increase in the values of women in late pregnancy further correlations could be statistically proved in respect to the combination group of late pregnancy and second degree hypertonus. A definitive statement on the EPH-gestosis would necessitate further experimental tests.
Pregnancy in diabetes and kidney disease.; With appropriate multi-disciplinary team care, most women with diabetic nephropathy will have successful pregnancy outcomes; however, pregnancy complications are increased compared to non-diabetic individuals, particularly in those with poor glycaemic control. Women with more severe renal impairment, especially those with hypertension and proteinuria at are highest risk of worse pregnancy outcomes and deterioration in pre-existing renal function. Pre-pregnancy counselling should be offered to all women with diabetes in order to optimise diabetic care, and inform women of potential complications. Pregnancy is an indicator of long-term health, and may indicate important issues for the future management of women with diabetic nephropathy.
Prostaglandin E2 compared with oxytocin for the induction of labour.; A comparison has been made between the effectiveness of infusing prostaglandin E(2) with Syntocinon for the induction of labour in the presence of intact membranes. Rapid titration schedules were used to induce an early uterine response. All 15 subjects receiving prostaglandin E(2) achieved cervical dilatation, whereas this occurred in only 9 out of 15 patients receiving Syntocinon.
[Influence of alloxan-diabetes in pregnant sows on body composition, glucose tolerance and insulin reaction of newborn piglets].; Diabetes was induced in 3 pregnant sows by administration of alloxan tetrahydrate (50 mg/kg body weight) at the 60th-70th day of gestation. Body weight, concentration of glycogen in liver, heart and skeletal muscle, weight of liver, heart, pancreas, thyroid gland and adrenal glands as well as plasma concentrations of glucose, fructose and insulin (IRI) were determined immediately after birth in the piglets of diabetic sows (4 litters). Furthermore, the plasma glucose and insulin reactions to and intravenous bolus injection of glucose (0.5 g/kg) were examined 4-8 hours and 6-7 days after birth. The results were compared with the values obtained from the offspring of 4 normal litters. Newborn piglets of diabetic sows showed a significantly increased absolute and relative weight of liver as well as a significant increase in the relative weight of heart, thyroid gland and pancreas. The concentration of glycogen in heart and skeletal muscle as well as the amount of glycogen in liver/kg body weight were significantly elevated. Furthermore, we found significantly higher plasma glucose values in the offspring of alloxan treated sows, while there were no differences in plasma insulin and fructose levels. When compared to normal piglets, the diabetic piglets displayed an impaired insulin response and glucose tolerance after a bolus injection of glucose. The results obtained suggest considerable differences in the fetal development and pancreatic function during a diabetic pregnancy in different species.
Long-term complications of preeclampsia.; Preeclampsia is a multi-organ syndrome of pregnancy, defined by the new onset of hypertension and proteinuria after 20 weeks' gestation. This working definition ignores the variable multi-organ involvement of a syndrome that can include seizures in the absence of hypertension, or fulminating hepatic necrosis in the absence of proteinuria. These disparate clinical features are akin to an accelerated metabolic syndrome with widespread maternal endothelial dysfunction in the presence of a relatively underperfused placenta. Delivery of the placenta remains the only cure, but years after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, women are at increased risk of chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, ischemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, kidney disease, thromboembolism, hypothyroidism, and even impaired memory. This article describes how pregnancy propels vulnerable women toward preeclampsia and how a brief, usually single, episode of this acute pregnancy syndrome defines those vulnerable to chronic disease in later life.
Transient Isolated Polyhydramnios and Perinatal Outcomes.; PURPOSE:  To evaluate labor and perinatal outcomes of transient isolated polyhydramnios. MATERIALS AND METHODS:  A retrospective cohort study (2008-2013) at a university-affiliated, tertiary medical center. Eligibility was limited to patients with singleton gestations, no maternal diabetes or known structural/chromosomal anomalies, and no rupture of the membranes prior to delivery, at > 34 weeks of gestation. All women underwent routine sonogram for estimation of fetal weight (sEFW) between 28-34 weeks of gestation, and a second routine sonogram at admission. We compared women diagnosed with polyhydramnios at the time of the sEFW which later resolved, with women who had normal AFI during the sEFW. RESULTS:  Overall, 44 263 women delivered during this time period, of which 292 (0.7 %) with transient polyhydramnios (study group) and 29 682 with a normal amniotic fluid level (control group) were eligible for analysis. Women with transient polyhydramnios had a higher risk for assisted vaginal delivery (AVD), mainly due to abnormal/intermediate fetal heart rate tracings (aOR 2.3, 95 % CI 1.2-5.5), and a higher risk for cesarean delivery (CD), mostly because of labor dystocia (aOR 2.5, 95 % CI 1.2-5.1 for 1st stage arrest and aOR 3.4, 95 % CI 1.6-7.2) for 2nd stage arrest), suspected macrosomia (aOR 3.2, 95 % CI 1.6-6.6) and malpresentation (aOR 6.6, 95 % CI 2.0-21.1). CONCLUSION:  Transient isolated polyhydramnios detected during the sonogram at 28-32 weeks of gestation is an independent risk factor for the need for obstetrical intervention during labor.
Perinatal outcomes in women with elevated blood pressure and stage 1 hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension was redefined in 2017 with lower diagnostic thresholds; elevated blood pressure is defined as systolic blood pressure of 120 to 129 mm Hg with diastolic blood pressure of <80 mm Hg and stage 1 hypertension as systolic blood pressure of 130 to 139 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure of 80 to 89 mm Hg. These guidelines did not include pregnant women. There is limited information on stage 1 hypertension and pregnancy outcomes. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine whether elevated blood pressure and stage 1 hypertension as newly defined by the 2017 American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association guidelines are associated with an increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: In this retrospective cohort study, 18,801 women with singletons from 2013 to 2019 were categorized as normotensive, prehypertensive (elevated blood pressure), stage 1 hypertensive, or chronic hypertensive. Women with ≥2 systolic blood pressures of 120 to 129 mm Hg before 20 weeks' gestation were classified into the elevated blood pressure group. Women with ≥2 systolic blood pressures of 130 to 139 mm Hg or ≥2 diastolic blood pressures of 80 to 89 mm Hg before 20 weeks' gestation were assigned to the stage 1 hypertension group. Women were classified as chronic hypertensives if they had any of the following: ≥2 systolic blood pressure of ≥140 mm Hg or ≥2 diastolic blood pressure of ≥90 mm Hg before 20 weeks' gestation, a history of chronic hypertension, or antihypertensive medication use before 20 weeks' gestation. Women with pregestational diabetes, lupus, or <2 blood pressures before 20 weeks' gestation were excluded. The association of stage 1 hypertension with the risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was estimated using multivariate logistic regression controlling for maternal sociodemographic characteristics, gestational weight gain by prepregnancy body mass index, parity, and aspirin use. Secondary outcomes included subgroups of hypertensive disorders (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, eclampsia, and hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome), gestational diabetes, placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit admission, stillbirth and neonatal death, and maternal intensive care unit admission. All outcomes were adjusted for potential confounders. RESULTS: Of the 18,801 women, 13,478 (71.7%) were normotensive, 2659 (14.1%) had elevated blood pressure, 1384 (7.4%) were stage 1 hypertensive, and 1280 (6.8%) were chronic hypertensive. A dose-response relationship was observed: the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy increased from 4.2% in normotensive women to 6.7% (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-1.79) in women with elevated blood pressure, to 10.9% (adjusted odds ratio, 2.54; 95% confidence interval, 2.09-3.08) in women with stage 1 hypertension, and 28.4% (adjusted odds ratio, 7.14; 95% confidence interval, 6.06-8.40) in women with chronic hypertension. Compared with normotensive women, women with stage 1 hypertension had an increased risk of neonatal intensive care unit admissions (15.8% vs 13.0%; adjusted odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.42), preterm birth at <37 weeks' gestation (7.2% vs 5.2%; adjusted odds ratio, 1.45; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-1.81), and gestational diabetes (14.8% vs 6.8%; adjusted odds ratio, 2.68; 95% confidence interval, 2.27-3.17). CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates that elevated blood pressure and stage 1 hypertension, using the 2017 American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association guideline definition, are associated with increased maternal and neonatal risk. This group of women warrants further investigation to determine whether pregnancy management can be altered to reduce maternal and neonatal morbidity.
Management of eye disease in the insulin-dependent diabetic patient.; Causes of visual loss, indications for ophthalmologic consultation, and current medical and surgical management of eye disease in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes are highlighted. Regular eye examinations are a must for diabetic patients, as threats to visual loss may go unnoticed until serious hemorrhage into the vitreous occurs.
[Goals of blood glucose regulation in prevention of diabetic retinopathy].; In several studies a correlation between blood glucose levels and HbA1 (A1c) and the prevalence of retinopathy was documented. Minimal risk for the onset of retinopathy was observed when HbA1 was below 9% from the beginning of diabetes mellitus. This HbA1 (A1c) value corresponds with values above 7 mmol of blood glucose. In intervention trials with near normal values of blood glucose, initially i.e. during the first months of treatment, an increase of microaneurysm was observed. However, in the next 7 years (as was observed in the Oslo Study) the grade of retinopathy in patients was less severe than in patients with HbA1 > 10%. Only 20% of patients treated conventionally can reach the aim of optimal blood glucose regulation. Obviously, in patients with diabetes beginning before the age of 30, this is the reason why the prevalence for the diabetic retinopathy is 40-98% after 15 years of diabetes. Only the functional insulin therapy allows the achievement of optimal blood glucose control in about 40% of patients without increased risk of hypoglycemia. Therefore, this kind of therapy should be the therapy of choice in a great number of type 1 diabetes patients.
Clinical laboratory determination of phosphatidylglycerol: one- and two-dimensional chromatography compared.; Reportedly, determination of several phospholipids in amniotic fluid, including phosphatidylglycerol and phosphatidylinositol, in addition to lecithin and sphingomyelin improves prediction of neonatal pulmonary function. In this study, we evaluated a two-dimensional technique for separating and measuring these phospholipids and compared it with a simpler one-dimensional procedure. The two-dimensional technique was adapted to readily available commercial plates, and a preheating step was introduced to avoid shattering of the plates during charring. The Rf values, reproducibility of each technique, and the correlation between them were examined. Even though the one-dimensional technique is faster and less expensive, we recommend the two-dimensional method for clinical use because of better precision (CV for phosphatidylglycerol 15% vs 21%) and clearer results when relatively little phosphatidylglycerol is present. The one-dimensional procedure is unreliable when blood or meconium are present. In addition, interfering compounds co-migrate with phosphatidylglycerol, phosphatidylethanolamine, and phosphatidylserine in the one-dimensional technique. Before any one-dimensional lipid separation is adopted for clinical use, it should be critically compared to the two-dimensional procedure.
Ionized magnesium in gestational diabetes.; A longitudinal prospective study was performed in order to describe variations in ionized magnesium in patients with gestational diabetes. Twenty-two gestational diabetic women and 24 healthy pregnant women were included consecutively. Blood samples were obtained in the second and third trimester and 2 days postpartum in both groups. The blood samples were analysed for serum ionized magnesium, serum ionized calcium and pH. None of the groups demonstrated any time-related changes in ionized magnesium. However, in the third trimester the level of ionized magnesium was statistically significantly elevated in patients with gestational diabetes compared to controls (0.57 +/- 0.05 mmol/l vs. 0.51 +/- 0.06 mmol/l; p < 0.01). The level of ionized calcium remained stable throughout the study period in both groups. In conclusion our findings suggest that gestational diabetes is associated with elevated levels of ionized magnesium.
Erythrocyte-Derived microRNAs: Emerging Players in Cardiovascular and Metabolic Disease.; Recent studies have demonstrated a novel function of red blood cells (RBCs) beyond their classical role as gas transporters, that is, RBCs undergo functional alterations in cardiovascular and metabolic disease, and RBC dysfunction is associated with hypertension and the development of cardiovascular injury in type 2 diabetes, heart failure, preeclampsia, familial hypercholesterolemia/dyslipidemia, and COVID-19. The underlying mechanisms include decreased nitric oxide bioavailability, increased arginase activity, and reactive oxygen species formation. Of interest, RBCs contain diverse and abundant micro (mi)RNAs. miRNA expression pattern in RBCs reflects the expression in the whole blood, serum, and plasma. miRNA levels in RBCs have been found to be altered in various cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, which contributes to the development of cardiovascular complications. Evidence has shown that RBC-derived miRNAs interact with the cardiovascular system via extracellular vesicles and argonaute RISC catalytic component 2 as carriers. Alteration of RBC-to-vascular communication via miRNAs may serve as potential disease mechanism for vascular complications. The present review summarizes RBCs and their released miRNAs as potential mediators of cardiovascular injury. We further focus on the possible mechanisms by which RBC-derived miRNAs regulate cardiovascular function. A better understanding of the function of RBC-derived miRNAs will increase insights into the disease mechanism and potential targets for the treatment of cardiovascular complications.
Identification of histone malonylation in the human fetal brain and implications for diabetes-induced neural tube defects.; BACKGROUND: Neural tube defects (NTDs) are severe congenital malformations. Diabetes during pregnancy is a risk factor for NTDs, but its mechanism remains elusive. Emerging evidence suggests that protein malonylation is involved in diabetes. Here, we report the correlation between histone lysine malonylation in diabetes-induced NTDs. METHODS: Nano-HPLC/MS/MS was used to screen the histone malonylation profile in human embryonic brain tissue. Then, the histone malonylation level was compared between the brains of normal control mice and mice with diabetes-induced NTDs. Finally, the histone malonylation level was compared under high glucose exposure in an E9 neuroepithelial cell line (NE4C). RESULTS: A total of 30 histone malonylation sites were identified in human embryonic brain tissue, including 18 novel sites. Furthermore, we found an increased histone malonylation level in brain tissues from mice with diabetes-induced NTDs. Finally, both the histone malonylation modified sites and the modified levels were proved to be increased in the NE4C treated with high glucose. CONCLUSION: Our results present a comprehensive map of histone malonylation in the human fetal brain. Furthermore, we provide experimental evidence supporting a relationship between histone malonylation and NTDs caused by high glucose-induced diabetes. These findings offer new insights into the pathological role of histone modifications in human NTDs.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-term Maternal Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, are associated with increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease. Little is known about whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). OBJECTIVE: To review and synthesize the published literature on adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery) and subsequent maternal CKD and ESKD. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science were searched from inception to July 31, 2019, for cohort and case-control studies of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal CKD and ESKD. STUDY SELECTION: Selected studies included the following: a population of pregnant women, exposure to an adverse pregnancy outcome of interest, and at least 1 primary outcome (CKD or ESKD) or secondary outcome (hospitalization or death due to kidney disease). Adverse pregnancy outcomes included exposure to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or chronic hypertension), preterm delivery (<37 weeks), and gestational diabetes. Three reviewers were involved in study selection. Of 5656 studies retrieved, 23 were eligible for inclusion. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: The Meta-analyses of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines were followed throughout. Three reviewers extracted data and appraised study quality. Random-effects meta-analyses were used to calculate overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary outcomes included CKD and ESKD diagnosis, defined using established clinical criteria (estimated glomerular filtration rate or albuminuria values) or hospital records. The protocol for this systematic review was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42018110891). RESULTS: Of 23 studies included (5 769 891 participants), 5 studies reported effect estimates for more than 1 adverse pregnancy outcome. Preeclampsia was associated with significantly increased risk of CKD (pooled adjusted risk ratio [aRR], 2.11; 95% CI, 1.72-2.59), ESKD (aRR, 4.90; 95% CI, 3.56-6.74), and kidney-related hospitalization (aRR, 2.65; 95% CI, 1.03-6.77). Gestational hypertension was associated with increased risk of CKD (aRR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.11-2.01) and ESKD (aRR, 3.64; 95% CI, 2.34-5.66). Preterm preeclampsia was associated with increased risk of ESKD (aRR, 5.66; 95% CI, 3.06-10.48); this association with ESKD persisted for women who had preterm deliveries without preeclampsia (aRR, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.64-2.66). Gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of CKD among black women (aRR, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.18-2.70), but not white women (aRR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.58-1.13). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this meta-analysis, exposure to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, was associated with higher risk of long-term kidney disease. The risk of ESKD was highest among women who experienced preeclampsia. A systematic approach may be warranted to identify women at increased risk of kidney disease, particularly after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and to optimize their long-term follow-up.
The Helena syndromes.; The author gives a personal account on how he was introduced to the field of clinical genetics as a student of John Opitz in Helena, MT. That process was facilitated by the study of several malformation syndromes. Particularly instructive were the approaches to the cardio-facio-cutaneous, the Perlman, and the FG syndrome. These three conditions are briefly revisited with a critical perspective, made possible by the elapse of 20 years, since the time when the author became acquainted with them.
Fetal cardiac remodeling in twin pregnancy conceived by assisted reproductive technology.; OBJECTIVE: Recent data suggest that singleton fetuses conceived by assisted reproductive technology (ART) present cardiovascular remodeling that may persist postnatally. Twin pregnancies are more frequent in the ART population and are associated with increased adverse perinatal outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and preterm birth. However, it is unknown whether cardiac remodeling is also present in twin pregnancies conceived by ART. Our aim was to assess the presence of fetal cardiac remodeling and dysfunction in twin pregnancies conceived by ART as compared with those conceived spontaneously (SC). METHODS: This was a prospective cohort study including 50 dichorionic twin fetuses conceived by ART and 50 SC twin fetuses. The study protocol included collection of baseline/perinatal data and a fetal ultrasound examination at 28-30 weeks' gestation, including assessment of estimated fetal weight, fetoplacental Doppler and fetal echocardiography. Measurements of atrial area, atrial/heart ratio, ventricular sphericity index, free wall thickness, mitral and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursions, and systolic and early diastolic peak velocities were assessed. Multilevel analyses were used to compare perinatal and ultrasonographic parameters. Comparisons of echocardiographic variables were adjusted for parental age, paternal body mass index and incidence of pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: Compared with SC twins, ART twin fetuses showed significant cardiac changes, predominantly affecting the right heart, such as dilated atria (right atrial/heart area: 15.7 ± 3.1 vs 18.4 ± 3.2, P < 0.001), more globular ventricles (right ventricular sphericity index: 1.57 ± 0.25 vs 1.41 ± 0.23, P = 0.001) and thicker myocardial walls (septal wall thickness: 2.57 ± 0.45 mm vs 2.84 ± 0.41 mm, P = 0.034) together with reduced longitudinal motion (tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion: 6.36 ± 0.89 mm vs 5.18 ± 0.93 mm, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: ART twin fetuses present signs of cardiac remodeling and dysfunction. These changes are similar to those observed in ART singletons and reinforce the concept of fetal cardiac programing in ART. These results open opportunities for early detection and intervention in infants conceived by ART. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Implications of failure to achieve a result from prenatal maternal serum cell-free DNA testing: a historical cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the pregnancy outcomes in a cohort of women who failed to obtain a result in non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT). DESIGN: Historical cohort study. SETTING: A multicentre private practice in Sydney, Australia. POPULATION: Women who failed to obtain a result from NIPT (n = 131). METHODS: The maternal characteristics, antenatal investigations and pregnancy outcomes for these women were compared with those who obtained a result at the same practice and to the general Australian obstetric population. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Antenatal investigations: pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), free β-human chorionic gonadotrophin (β-hCG), placental growth factor (PlGF), uterine artery pulsatility index (PI), mean arterial pressure (MAP). Pregnancy outcomes: chromosomal abnormality, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational-age (SGA), preterm delivery. RESULTS: Only 1.1% of NIPT samples failed to return a result. This cohort was significantly older and had significantly increased weight compared with the general Australian obstetric population. Pregnancy outcomes were available for 94% of the cohort. There were significantly higher rates of chromosomal aneuploidies (6.5% versus 0.2%, P < 0.0001), pre-eclampsia (11% versus 1.5%, P < 0.0001) and gestational diabetes (23% versus 7.5%, P < 0.0001) compared with the general obstetric population. Rates of preterm delivery and SGA were elevated but did not reach significance. Antenatal investigations demonstrated decreased PAPP-A MoM (0.75 versus 1.14, P < 0.0001), decreased free β-hCG (0.71 versus 1.01, P < 0.0001) and increased uterine artery PI (1.79 versus 1.65, P = 0.02). CONCLUSION: Women who fail to obtain a result from NIPT are at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, in particular chromosomal aneuploidy, gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. FUNDING: None received. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Women who fail to obtain a result from cell-free DNA NIPT are at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Fetal cardiomyopathies: pathogenic mechanisms, hemodynamic findings, and clinical outcome.; BACKGROUND: Although the prenatal diagnosis of most fetal structural heart defects and dysrhythmias has been described, there is a paucity of information about cardiomyopathies (CMs) in prenatal life. METHODS AND RESULTS: To determine the pathogenic mechanisms, hemodynamic findings, and outcome of fetal CM, we reviewed the fetal echocardiograms and perinatal histories of 55 affected fetuses. Dilated CM was diagnosed in 22 cases, including 2 with congenital infections, 5 familial cases, 6 with endocardial fibroelastosis related to maternal anti-Ro/La antibodies, and 9 idiopathic cases. Thirty-three had hypertrophic CM, 7 associated with maternal diabetes, 2 with Noonan's syndrome, 2 with alpha-thalassemia, 18 with twin-twin transfusion syndrome, 1 with familial hypertrophy, and 3 with idiopathic hypertrophy. Systolic dysfunction was present in all cases of dilated CM and 15 cases of hypertrophic CM. Diastolic dysfunction was present in 19 of 30 fetuses with assessment of diastolic function parameters. Significant mitral or tricuspid valve regurgitation was seen in 32 cases. Eight fetuses were hydropic and 23 had signs of early hydrops. Seven pregnancies were terminated. Of 46 continued pregnancies with follow-up, 29 (63%) died perinatally. The presence of systolic dysfunction, diastolic dysfunction, and significant atrioventricular valve regurgitation were identified as risk factors for mortality. By multiple logistic regression, diastolic dysfunction was associated with an 8-fold increased risk relative to the other parameters. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal CM has a broad spectrum of intrinsic and extrinsic causes. A poor outcome is observed in many affected fetuses. Diastolic dysfunction in fetal CM is associated with the highest risk of mortality.
Oxidative Stress, Maternal Diabetes, and Autism Spectrum Disorders.; Autism spectrum disorders (ASD) are a group of early-onset neurodevelopmental conditions characterized by alterations in brain connectivity with cascading effects on neuropsychological functions. To date, in the framework of an increasing interest about environmental conditions which could interact with genetic factors in ASD pathogenesis, many authors have stressed that changes in the intrauterine environment at different stages of pregnancy, such as those linked to maternal metabolic pathologies, may lead to long-term conditions in the newborn. In particular, a growing number of epidemiological studies have highlighted the role of obesity and maternal diabetes as a risk factor for developing both somatic and psychiatric disorders in humans, including ASD. While literature still fails in identifying specific etiopathological mechanisms, a growing body of evidence is available about the presence of a relationship between maternal immune dysregulation, inflammation, oxidative stress, and the development of ASD in the offspring. In this framework, results from high-fat diet animal models about the role played by oxidative stress in shaping offspring neurodevelopment may help in clarifying the pathways through which maternal metabolic conditions are linked with ASD. The aim of this review is to provide an overview of literature about the effects of early life insults linked to oxidative stress which may be involved in ASD etiopathogenesis and how this relationship can be explained in biological terms.
Twin pregnancy outcomes after metabolic and bariatric surgery.; BACKGROUND: The effect of bariatric surgery (BS) on twin pregnancy outcomes is unclear. OBJECTIVES: We examined associations of BS with maternal and perinatal outcomes among women with twin gestation. SETTING: A university hospital. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study of twin deliveries during 2006 through 2017. The study group comprised all women with twin pregnancy who had undergone BS and delivered during the study period. A control group was established by matching preoperative body mass index, age, parity, and delivery year. RESULTS: Data from 66 women with twin gestation were analyzed, 22 postBS and 44 matched control parturients. Compared with the control group, the study group had lower rates of gestational diabetes (9.1% versus 36.4%, P = .02) and gestational hypertensive disorders (0% versus 25.0%, P = .01); hemoglobin levels were lower at both early pregnancy (median 12.3 versus 13.4 g/dL, P < .001) and after delivery (9.3 versus 10.5 g/dL, P < .001). Median neonatal birthweights and the proportion of small-for-gestational-age infants were comparable between the groups. The degree of birth weight discordance between the twins was higher (17.2% versus 8.8%, P < .001) in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: In this study involving twin gestations, pregnancy outcomes were more positive among women who had undergone BS; as noted by reduced prevalences of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertensive disorders as well as a lesser degree of birth weight discordance. Nevertheless, BS was associated with lower hemoglobin levels during pregnancy and the postpartum period. Future studies are warranted to confirm our findings and evaluate the long-term outcomes of newborns of postBS mothers.
Offspring of diabetic pregnancy: long-term outcomes.; Diabetes in pregnancy has been shown to induce long-term effects in offspring. While considerable attention is focused on the increased incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in adult offspring from diabetic mothers, cardiovascular alterations, including hypertension, are also part of lifelong consequences of in-utero exposure to increased glucose concentrations. This review examines the epidemiologic and mechanistic issues involved in the developmental programming of long-term consequences in offspring of diabetic mothers, with a particular emphasis on the renal and vascular mechanisms of hypertension. The factors of increased incidence of T2DM and of obesity in adults born after exposure to diabetes during pregnancy are also discussed, as evidence is accumulating that a vicious circle involving lifelong consequences of diabetes in pregnancy in offspring contributes to the current worldwide epidemic of T2DM.
Insulin secretion in patients with gestational diabetes: relationship with pregnancy outcome.; The authors observed that there is wide variability in insulin response to an oral glucose tolerance test in women developing carbohydrate intolerance during pregnancy. This variability ranges from a reduction of pancreatic islet function to a normal or exaggerated secretory pattern of insulin. Moreover the results also suggest that exaggerated insulin secretion and/or high insulin resistance may play a role in the regulation of gestational blood pressure and that a higher glucose/insulin ratio may be positively related to birth weight. Clearly, further studies are needed to investigate the impact of this metabolic situation on the optimization of the clinical control of glucose metabolism and fetal homeostasis.
Risk of adverse pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes associated with bipolar disorder and prenatal use of mood stabilizers: A population-based cohort study.; Previous research examining bipolar-disorder (BD) and pregnancy/neonatal outcomes yielded mixed results, were mostly derived from Western countries and rarely delineated effect between disorder and mood-stabilizers. This population-based study identified women age 15-50 years who delivered first/singleton child in 2003-2018 in Hong Kong, utilizing territory-wide medical-record database of public healthcare services. Propensity-score weighted logistic-regression analyses adjusted for confounders were employed to examine risk of adverse pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes associated with BD and mood-stabilizers (lithium, anticonvulsants and antipsychotics). Exploratory unadjusted-analyses were conducted to assess risk for congenital-malformations. Of 465,069 women, 302 had BD-diagnosis, including 168 redeemed ≥ 1 prescription of mood-stabilizers during pregnancy (treated-BD) and 134 gestationally-unexposed to mood-stabilizers (untreated-BD). BD was significantly-associated with increased risk of gestational-diabetes (adjusted-odds-ratio: 1.75 [95 % CI: 1.15-2.70]) and maternal somatic hospitalization ≤ 90 days post-discharge from index-delivery (2.12 [1.19-3.90]). In treatment status-stratified analyses, treated-BD women exhibited significantly-increased rate of gestational-diabetes (2.09 [1.21-3.70]) relative to controls (non-BD and gestationally-unexposed to mood-stabilizers). No significant association of BD or mood-stabilizers with other adverse outcomes was observed. Overall, our findings indicate that BD and mood-stabilizers are not associated with most adverse pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Further research clarifying comparative safety of individual mood-stabilizing agents on pregnancy/neonatal outcomes is required.
Molecular Insight into the Interaction between Epigenetics and Leptin in Metabolic Disorders.; Nowadays, it is well-known that the deregulation of epigenetic machinery is a common biological event leading to the development and progression of metabolic disorders. Moreover, the expression level and actions of leptin, a vast adipocytokine regulating energy metabolism, appear to be strongly associated with epigenetics. Therefore, the aim of this review was to summarize the current knowledge of the epigenetic regulation of leptin as well as the leptin-induced epigenetic modifications in metabolic disorders and associated phenomena. The collected data indicated that the deregulation of leptin expression and secretion that occurs during the course of metabolic diseases is underlain by a variation in the level of promoter methylation, the occurrence of histone modifications, along with miRNA interference. Furthermore, leptin was proven to epigenetically regulate several miRNAs and affect the activity of the histone deacetylases. These epigenetic modifications were observed in obesity, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome and concerned various molecular processes like glucose metabolism, insulin sensitivity, liver fibrosis, obesity-related carcinogenesis, adipogenesis or fetal/early postnatal programming. Moreover, the circulating miRNA profiles were associated with the plasma leptin level in metabolic syndrome, and miRNAs were found to be involved in hypothalamic leptin sensitivity. In summary, the evidence suggests that leptin is both a target and a mediator of epigenetic changes that develop in numerous tissues during metabolic disorders.
Outcome of pregnancies in diabetic mothers in Norway 1967-1976.; A total of 1035 births to diabetic mothers were registered in Norway during the 10-year period 1967-1976. Perinatal mortality (from 16 weeks of gestation until 7 days after birth) decreased from 177.4 per 1000 births in 1967-68 to 60.7 in 1975-1976; for the total population the figures were 24.1 and 18.4. During the same period the duration of gestation increased from 35.5 weeks in 1967-1968 to 37.0 weeks in 1975-1976. The numbers of small and large infants decreased: in 1967-1968 53.3% weighed 2500-4000 grams, in 1975-1976 70.7%. Moreover, more births took place in university clinics and regional hospitals, 38.7% in 1967-1968 and 77.1% in 1975-1976. Malformations were 50% more common in children of diabetics. Cardiovascular and nervous system malformations accounted for this increase, being 5 times more frequent than in the general population.
Preparing for and managing a pregnancy after bariatric surgery.; The number of bariatric surgeries performed in the United States has increased exponentially. Given that most patients are female and of reproductive age, it is important for clinicians who manage women's health issues to be aware of the surgery, its long-term goals, and the potential effect on future pregnancies. Most pregnancies after bariatric surgery have successful outcomes with decreased occurrences of gestational diabetes and hypertension and lower birth weight compared with control patients. Following nutritional guidelines and supplementation in the event of deficiencies are critical in the provision of prenatal care to this unique population. Other important issues include a multidisciplinary team management, a different approach to screening for gestational diabetes, careful evaluation of any gastrointestinal complaints, and appropriate counseling for gravidas who still remain obese during pregnancy. Further research should investigate the long-term maternal outcomes in pregnancies after bariatric surgery as well as the effect on the offspring.
Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy among 13473 patients with diabetes mellitus in China: a cross-sectional epidemiological survey in six provinces.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the prevalence and severity of diabetic retinopathy (DR) and sight-threatening DR (STDR) among Chinese adults with diabetes. DESIGN, SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: A cross-sectional epidemiological survey across Mainland China (N=13 473). Participants were diagnosed with diabetes mellitus by physicians and transferred to our screening clinics (1/3 from hospital patients, 1/3 from city residents, the other 1/3 from rural residents). 2 fundus photographs were taken of each eye with a colourful, non-mydriatic and non-stereoscopic camera and were graded according to the UK guidelines. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The prevalence and severity of DR and STDR. RESULTS: Of the 13 473 participants with diabetes participating in the study, 4591 had DR and 1769 had STDR, for an overall prevalence of 34.08% (95% CI 33.28% to 34.88%) and 13.13% (95% CI 12.56% to 13.70%), respectively. Among these, gradable photographs were available for 12 780 participants (94.86%). Participants who were aged >65 years were less likely to suffer from DR or STDR (p<0.001; age distribution). No gender-related differences were present (p>0.05). Participants with STDR suffered from more severe visual impairment compared with those without STDR (p<0.001). The prevalence of DR and STDR in the northern region was higher than in the southern region (p<0.001). The prevalence of DR was closely related to duration of disease (OR 2.63; 95% CI 2.42 to 2.86; p<0.001) and diabetes onset age (OR 0.38; 95% CI 0.35 to 0.41; p<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of DR and STDR in Mainland China appeared a little high, and varied according to area. Non-proliferative DR was more common, but STDR needed prompt treatment, especially in economically less developed areas. This study highlights the necessity for DR screening and treatment in Mainland China.
[Obstetric management and delivery in diabetics].; A review of the obstetrical management of diabetic pregnancies is presented. The best way to avoid complications is to achieve the best possible diabetic control. Ultrasonics are able to determine gestational age in the first weeks of pregnancy, to detect fetal malformations and to follow fetal growth. At the end of pregnancy, fetal heart rate monitoring is the golden standard to judge fetal well being. Delivery at term is of paramount importance. The presence of fetal macrosomia is an important parameter of the decision of the mode of delivery.
Effect of pregestational diabetes mellitus on first trimester placental characteristics: three-dimensional placental volume and power Doppler indices.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) induces changes in vascular placental development detectable at first trimester. METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study in 69 women with pregestational DM and 94 controls undergoing first-trimester combined screening for aneuploidies. Maternal characteristics, fetal nuchal translucency thickness, maternal serum pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and free β human chorionic gonadotrophin (β-hCG) were evaluated. Three-dimensional ultrasound was used to measure placental volume and three dimensional power Doppler (3D-PD) placental vascular indices including: vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI) and vascularization flow index (VFI). Pregnancy-associated hypertensive complications (PAHC) and perinatal outcomes were analyzed. The total group of diabetic women and the group of diabetic women without PAHC were compared separately with the control group. RESULTS: 3D-PD placental vascular indexes were significantly lower in women with DM than in controls (VI p = 0.007, FI p = 0.003 and VFI p = 0.04). These differences remained on excluding cases with PAHC in the DM group. No differences were found in placental volumes between the DM group and controls. Serum PAPP-A levels were also lower in diabetic women (p < 0.02) and negatively correlated with the degree of maternal metabolic control at first trimester. CONCLUSIONS: Pregestational DM induces demonstrable alterations in first trimester placental development, with significantly reduced placental vascularization indices and PAPP-A values. This effect is independent of the later development of PAHC.
Diabetes in Pregnancy Adversely Affects the Expression of Glycogen Synthase Kinase-3β in the Hippocampus of Rat Neonates.; Diabetes during pregnancy causes a wide range of neurodevelopmental and neurocognitive abnormalities in offspring. Glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK-3) is widely expressed during brain development and regulates multiple cellular processes, and its dysregulation is implicated in the pathogenesis of diverse neurodegenerative and psychological diseases. This study was designed to examine the effects of maternal diabetes on GSK-3β messenger RNA (mRNA) expression and phosphorylation in the developing rat hippocampus. Female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition, and male offspring was killed immediately after birth. We found a significant bilateral upregulation of GSK-3β mRNA expression in the hippocampus of pups born to diabetic mothers at P0, compared to controls. Moreover, at the same time point, there was a marked bilateral increase in the phosphorylation level of GSK-3β in the diabetic group. Unlike phosphorylation levels, there was a significant upregulation in hippocampal GSK-3β mRNA expression in the insulin-treated group, when compared to controls. The present study revealed that diabetes during pregnancy strongly influences the regulation of GSK-3β in the right/left developing hippocampi. These dysregulations may be part of the cascade of events through which diabetes during pregnancy affects the newborn's hippocampal structure and function.
Incidence, Risk Factors, and Clinical Characteristics of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in South Korea.; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare disorder associated with pregnancy that can lead to life-threatening conditions. The incidence and clinical characteristics of this condition remain poorly understood. METHODS AND RESULTS: We aimed to perform the first population-based study of PPCM in South Korea, using the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who fulfilled predefined diagnostic criteria for PPCM from January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2012, were identified from International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. To discriminate PPCM from other causes of heart failure, we excluded subjects who already had heart failure-related International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes at least 1 year before delivery. During the study period, there were 1 404 551 deliveries in South Korea, and we excluded 20 159 patients who already had heart failure. In those, a total of 795 cases were identified as PPCM. Patients with PPCM were older, had a higher prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, and were more likely to be primiparous and have multiple pregnancies. Moreover, cesarean section and pregnancy-related complications and in-hospital death were also more common in patients with PPCM. Intriguingly, a considerable number of heart failure cases (n=64; 8.1% of total PPCM) were noted between 5 and 12 months after delivery. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of PPCM was 1 in 1741 deliveries in South Korea. Patients with PPCM were older, were more associated with primiparity and multiple pregnancy, had more pregnancy-related complications, and revealed higher in-hospital mortality than controls. The number of cases diagnosed as PPCM were decreased over time after delivery; however, a large number of patients were still noted through 12 months after delivery.
The risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women who are overweight or obese.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of obesity amongst women bearing children in Australia is rising and has important implications for obstetric care. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence and impact of mothers being overweight and obese in early to mid-pregnancy on maternal, peripartum and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: A secondary analysis was performed on data collected from nulliparous women with a singleton pregnancy enrolled in the Australian Collaborative Trial of Supplements with antioxidants Vitamin C and Vitamin E to pregnant women for the prevention of pre-eclampsia (ACTS). Women were categorized into three groups according to their body mass index (BMI): normal (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m2); overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m2) and; obese (BMI 30-34.9 kg/m2). Obstetric and perinatal outcomes were compared by univariate and multivariate analyses. RESULTS: Of the 1661 women included, 43% were overweight or obese. Obese women were at increased risk of pre-eclampsia (relative risk (RR) 2.99 [95% confidence intervals (CI) 1.88, 4.73], p < 0.0001) and gestational diabetes (RR 2.10 [95%CI 1.17, 3.79], p = 0.01) compared with women with a normal BMI. Obese and overweight women were more likely to be induced and require a caesarean section compared with women of normal BMI (induction - RR 1.33 [95%CI 1.13, 1.57], p = 0.001 and 1.78 [95%CI 1.51, 2.09], p < 0.0001, caesarean section - RR 1.42 [95%CI 1.18, 1.70], p = 0.0002 and 1.63 [95%CI 1.34, 1.99], p < 0.0001). Babies of women who were obese were more likely to be large for gestational age (LFGA) (RR 2.08 [95%CI 1.47, 2.93], p < 0.0001) and macrosomic (RR 4.54 [95%CI 2.01, 10.24], p = 0.0003) compared with those of women with a normal BMI. CONCLUSION: The rate of overweight and obesity is increasing amongst the Australian obstetric population. Women who are overweight and obese have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. In particular, obese women are at increased risk of gestational diabetes, pregnancy induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia. Effective preventative strategies are urgently needed. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN00416244.
Cardiac troponin-I in the serum of infants of diabetic mothers.; A transient form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy has been previously described in infants of diabetic mothers. When it occurs, it is generally benign. The purpose of our study was to establish the extent of injury to the cardiomyocytes in symptomatic and asymptomatic patients with and without hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Thus, we compared 35 consecutive patients to 20 healthy controls, establishing the significance, if any, of differences in cardiac troponin-I and creatine kinase, including its MB-fraction, and seeking to establish the value of these parameters in the diagnosis of cardiac injury. We also determined to levels of glucose and insulin in the serum, and took note of electrocardiographic and echocardiographic investigations. Values were determined at the 1st and 7th days after admission in the patients, while parameters were measured in the control group only on the first day. We found that the levels of cardiac troponin-I in the serum, known to be a marker for cardiac injury, were significantly elevated in symptomatic patients with life-threatening respiratory or haemodynamic distress. We speculate that transient ventricular hypertrophy is neither the cause nor the consequence of damage to the cardiomyocytes. It would be interesting, nonetheless, to determine the relationship, if any, between cardiomyocytic damage and clinical outcome.
Barriers and facilitators to attending pre-pregnancy care services: the ATLANTIC-DIP experience.; AIMS: Pre-pregnancy care programmes can help to reduce morbidity and mortality associated with pregnancy in women with diabetes. However, uptake of a free pre-pregnancy care programme along the Irish Atlantic seaboard was only 30%. This study sought to better understand why women with diabetes mellitus (Type 1 and Type 2) choose to attend pre-pregnancy care services and to identify perceived barriers to attendance. METHODS: A participative health research method called the participative research process was used to facilitate 14 women with diabetes mellitus to create 'webs of ideas' on the reasons for attendance and non-attendance at a pre-pregnancy care programme, and potential solutions for each obstacle. RESULTS: The participants identified information on the risks of pregnancy as crucial for all childbearing women with diabetes, as lack of information was a major obstacle to attendance at pre-pregnancy care programmes. Practical constraints such as childcare difficulties and work commitments were also identified. Participants stressed that health practitioners need to focus on positive aspects of pregnancy and childbearing rather than focusing solely on the problematic aspects for women with diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSIONS: Women with diabetes need support and reassurance about their ability to control blood glucose and have a successful pregnancy while coping with the multiple challenges inherent in diabetes management and pregnancy. To increase uptake of pre-pregnancy care, a norm needs to be established that situates pre-pregnancy care as something every woman with diabetes will do, whether or not she is actively contemplating becoming a mother at the time. Active use of social media and facilitating peer support should be encouraged in pre-pregnancy services to facilitate attendance. The time has come to incorporate the skills of a clinical psychologist in the delivery of a pre-pregnancy service.
Impaired platelet function in neonates born to mothers with diabetes or hypertension during pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: In a recent pilot study, platelet function of 4 neonates born to mothers with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) was found to display lower platelet adhesion compared to healthy neonates. The present study aimed at confirming and validating these findings. STUDY DESIGN: Platelet adhesion was measured using a Cone Platelet Analyzer (CPA). The platelet function in the cord blood of 35 term infants born to mothers with PIH or gestational diabetes (GD) was compared with the platelet function of 196 infants born to healthy mothers. All neonates were monitored for perinatal complications until hospital discharge. RESULTS: Neonates born to mothers with PIH and with GD displayed poorer platelet function, with decreased platelet surface coverage as tested by CPA (control group 8.53+/-3.81%; PIH: 5.9+/-3.91%, p=0.003; GD: 6.64+/-3.64%, p=0.005). No association was found between CPA values and post-natal complications. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal PIH or GD is associated with impaired platelet function in neonates. The clinical impact of these findings is yet to be studied.
Heart changes in 17-day-old fetuses of diabetic ICR (Institute of Cancer Research) mothers: improvement with maternal immune stimulation.; Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with increased fetal teratogenesis, including cardiovascular defects. Non-specific maternal immune stimulation with Freund's complete adjuvant (FCA) or interferon gamma (IFNgamma) has been associated with protection against birth malformations. Using a diabetic mouse model, late-gestation fetal heart and great vessel morphology were analyzed. Four groups of mice were used: non-diabetic females as a control group, hyperglycemic females induced by streptozotocin as a diabetic group, and diabetic females injected either with FCA or IFNgamma. At day 17 of gestation, females were euthanized and one fetus was arbitrarily selected per litter for fixation and sectioning. Treatment-induced changes in cardiac development were assessed from digital images of serial sections taken at standardized levels in the thorax. One-way parametric and non-parametric ANOVA and ordinal logistic regression were performed to compare the difference among groups (P<0.05). Maternal hyperglycemia altered morphology of the late-gestation fetal mouse heart by causing ventricular chamber dilation, sectional myocardial reduction, and an increase in transversal aortic area. FCA protected the fetal heart from cavitary dilation in diabetic mothers. FCA and IFNgamma protected the fetal heart against reduction of myocardial area, and ascending thoracic aorta dilation. Consequences of late gestation heart chamber dilation and myocardial reduction are not yet known. Maternal immune stimulation partially protected against these developmental defects by mechanisms that remain unclear.
Amniotic fluid phosphatidylglycerol and phosphatidylinositol separated by stepwise-development thin-layer chromatography.; We describe a stepwise-development thin-layer-chromatographic technique for separating phosphatidylglycerol and phosphatidylinositol in samples of amniotic fluid. Plates are prepared from silica gel G slurried in a 50 g/L ammonium sulfate solution. Phospholipid phosphorus determination is not needed. Phospholipid phosphorus determination is not needed. Phosphatidylglycerol and phosphatidylinositol, measured densitometrically, are expressed as ratios to the sphingomyelin present. These ratios are correlated with the lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio and age of gestation in normal and abnormal pregnancies.
Hyperglycemia slows embryonic growth and suppresses cell cycle via cyclin D1 and p21.; In pregnant women, the diabetic condition results in a three- to fivefold increased risk for fetal cardiac malformations as a result of elevated glucose concentrations and the resultant osmotic stress in the developing embryo and fetus. Heart development before septation in the chick embryo was studied under two hyperglycemic conditions. Pulsed hyperglycemia induced by daily administration of glucose during 3 days of development caused daily spikes in plasma glucose concentration. In a second model, sustained hyperglycemia was induced with a single injection of glucose into the yolk on day 0. The sustained model raised the average plasma glucose concentration from 70 mg/dL to 180 mg/dL and led to decreased gene expression of glucose transporter GLUT1. Both models of hyperglycemia reduced embryo size, increased mortality, and delayed development. Within the heart outflow tract, reduced proliferation of myocardial and endocardial cells resulted from the sustained hyperglycemia and hyperosmolarity. The cell cycle inhibitor p21 was significantly increased, whereas cyclin D1, a cell cycle promoter, decreased in sustained hyperglycemia compared with controls. The evidence suggests that hyperglycemia-induced developmental delays are associated with slowed cell cycle progression, leading to reduced cellular proliferation. The suppression of critical developmental steps may underlie the cardiac defects observed during late gestation under hyperglycemic conditions.
The potential use of nuclear magnetic resonance imaging in pregnancy.; Nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) imaging is a new technique for in-vivo human imaging. The technique does not use ionizing radiation but employs a radiofrequency pulse and a strong magnetic field to map the hydrogen proton distribution in the body. Since most of the hydrogen in the body is present in either water or fat it is the best imaging method yet devised for displaying the soft tissues of the body. The principles of NMR imaging are briefly described in simple terms for the benefit of the reader not yet familiar with the technique before discussing its potential use in the study of the developing fetus. The absence of ionizing radiation together with the good resolution soft tissue images allow for accurate demonstration of the uterus, placenta and fetus in the pregnant patient. Prior to 22 weeks gestation the fetus may be difficult to image due to its movement during imaging. After 26 weeks the fetus is generally well demonstrated and measurements of fetal size easily made. Observations of the fetal brain, lungs, heart, liver and genito-urinary tract are possible and by measuring the strength of the NMR signal the development of these fetal organs may be made. In the fetus of the diabetic mother measurement of the fetal subcutaneous fat is possible and may be of use in assessing gestational age. The placenta is easily localized even when situated posteriorly. Observations of maternal organs are also possible, especially the kidneys and spine.
Disparities in Prenatal Care Utilization Among U.S. Versus Foreign-Born Women with Chronic Conditions.; We examined disparities in prenatal care utilization (PNCU) among U.S. and foreign-born women with chronic conditions. We performed a cross-sectional analyses using data from 2011 to 2012 National Center for Health Statistics Natality Files (n = 6,644,577) to examine the association between maternal nativity (U.S. vs. foreign-born), presence of a chronic condition (diabetes or hypertensive disorder) and PNCU. After adjustment for selected maternal characteristics, overall and among those with chronic conditions, foreign-born women reported significantly lower odds of intensive and adequate PNCU and higher odds of intermediate and inadequate PNCU than U.S.-born women. Few differences in report of no care were found by maternal nativity. These findings suggest that foreign-born women may be receiving some form of prenatal care, but adequacy of care is likely to be lower compared to U.S.-born counterparts, even among those with chronic conditions.
Alkaline phosphatase histochemical staining in the study of germinal matrix hemorrhage and brain vascular morphology in a very-low-birth-weight neonate.; We evaluated the utility of alkaline phosphatase (AP) histochemical staining for studying intraparenchymal vascular morphology in the brain of a 31-wk-gestation (1480 g) neonate who died of respiratory insufficiency after 23 h. In this baby, afferent cerebral vessels (arteries, arterioles, and capillaries) stained with AP, whereas efferent vessels (venules, veins) did not. The large periventricular channels in the germinal matrix were determined to be veins, according to AP staining criteria. Arterioles connected with these large periventricular veins after passing through 4- to 6-microns capillaries. Branchings and connections of the cerebral circulation were conventional; i.e. no arterial rete or arteriovenous shunts were found. With this method of differential vascular staining, bleeding in the germinal matrix was found to be perivenous only. No dilated capillaries or arterioles were seen. Smooth muscle was identified in extrastriatal medullary arteries. This preliminary investigation suggests that AP histochemical staining is an excellent method for studying brain vascular morphology and pathology of the very-low-birthweight neonate.
GAP (gestational diabetes and pharmacotherapy) - study protocol for a randomized controlled, two-arm, single-site trial.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) complicates 10% of pregnancies in the US. First-line treatment is medical nutrition therapy (MNT) and exercise. Second line is pharmacotherapy. The definition of what constitutes an unsuccessful trial of MNT and exercise has not been established. Tight glycemic control has been demonstrated to reduce GDM-related neonatal and maternal clinical complications. However, it could also increase rates of small-for-gestational age and carry negative effects on patient-reported outcomes such as anxiety and stress. We will study the effect of earlier and stricter pharmacotherapy in GDM on clinical and patient-reported outcomes. METHODS: GDM and pharmacotherapy (GAP) study is a two-arm parallel, pragmatic randomized controlled trial, where 416 participants with GDM are randomized 1:1 to: 1) Intervention group - insulin initiation at 20% elevated glucose values on a weekly glucose log following MNT and exercise trial and insulin titration to keep elevated glucose values <20%; or 2) Active control group - insulin initiation at 40% elevated glucose values on a weekly log following MNT and exercise and insulin titration to keep elevated glucose values <40%. The primary outcome is a composite neonatal outcome of large-for-gestational-age, macrosomia, birth trauma, preterm birth, hypoglycemia, and hyperbilirubinemia. Secondary outcomes include preeclampsia, cesarean birth, small-for-gestational-age, maternal hypoglycemia, and patient-reported outcomes of anxiety, depression, perceived stress, and diabetes self-efficacy. CONCLUSIONS: The GAP study will investigate the optimal glycemic threshold for pharmacotherapy addition to MNT and exercise in GDM. The GAP study will promote standardization in GDM management and will have direct relevance for clinical practice.
Metabolic syndrome in women with previous gestational diabetes.; To evaluate the incidence and timing of the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in a cohort of Danish women after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes (GDM) to estimate the optimum time for preventative actions in relation to metabolic syndrome (MetS). In this follow-up study, 435 women were included from a consecutive cohort with prior history of GDM. Data on dyslipidemia, hypertension and other cardiovascular disorders (CVD) were extracted from the electronic patient journal. Any antidiabetic, cardiovascular and cholesterol-lowering medicine was ascertained in the national prescription database. Similarly, any blood test taken was evaluated. We defined a patient having MetS if the criteria of the WHO based definition of diabetes or impaired glucose regulation were met. Further, we added as alternative for glucose intolerance, a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) > 44 mmol/mol or the former level ≥ 6.5%. Further, dyslipidemia, lipid lowering medications, BMI > 30 kg/m(2) or antihypertensive treatment were used. For MetS outcome, diagnosis or medication for CVD was registered. All women were followed for median 5.7 years (range 0; 9). The incidence of MetS was 28%. Thirteen percent of these qualified already within one year after pregnancy for the diagnosis of MetS. Postpartum MetS was detected after a median of 3 years (range 0; 7 years); further, 36 (8%) had been diagnosed with manifest diabetes after pregnancy. The diagnosis of postpartum MetS was strongly associated with the prevalence of manifest diabetes. Six years after pregnancy the rate of metabolic syndrome was more than tripled (25 vs. 89%, no DM vs manifest DM, RR: 6.7; 95% CI 2.7-17, p < 0.001). At 40 years the MetS rate nearly tripled if manifest DM was diagnosed (26 vs. 78%, no DM vs. manifest DM, RR: 3.3, 95% CI 1.8-6, p < 0.001). We found that GDM and later on manifest DM in women increase the risk of metabolic syndrome. There seems to be a window of opportunity before the early thirties where it would be especially beneficial to begin preventive efforts in women with GDM.
In utero Exposure to Maternal Diabetes and the Risk of Cerebral Palsy: A Population-based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Evidence on the effects of in utero exposure to maternal diabetes on cerebral palsy (CP) in offspring is limited. We aimed to examine the effects of pregestational (PGDM) and gestational diabetes (GDM) separately on CP risk and the mediating role of increased fetal size. METHODS: In a population-based study, we included all live births in Ontario, Canada, between 2002 and 2017 followed up through 2018 (n = 2,110,177). Using administrative health data, we estimated crude and adjusted associations between PGDM or GDM and CP using Cox proportional hazards models to account for unequal follow-up in children. For the mediation analysis, we used marginal structural models to estimate the controlled direct effect of PGDM (and GDM) on the risk of CP not mediated by large-for-gestational age (LGA). RESULTS: During the study period, 5,317 children were diagnosed with CP (187 exposed to PGDM and 171 exposed to GDM). Children of mothers with PGDM showed an increased risk (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.84 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.59, 2.14]) after adjusting for maternal sociodemographic and clinical factors. We found no associations between GDM and CP (adjusted HR: 0.91 [0.77, 1.06]). Our mediation analysis estimated that LGA explained 14% of the PDGM-CP association. CONCLUSIONS: In this population-based birth cohort study, maternal pregestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of CP, and the increased risk was not substantially mediated by the increased fetal size.
Maternal body mass index and risk of birth and maternal health outcomes in low- and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of population-based cohort studies of maternal body mass index (BMI) and risk of adverse birth and health outcomes in low- and middle-income countries. PubMed, Embase, CINAHL and the British Nursing Index were searched from inception to February 2014. Forty-two studies were included. Our study found that maternal underweight was significantly associated with higher risk of preterm birth (odds ratio [OR], 1.13; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01-1.27), low birthweight (OR, 1.66; 95% CI, 1.50-1.84) and small for gestational age (OR, 1.85; 95% CI, 1.69-2.02). Compared with mothers with normal BMI, overweight or obese mothers were at increased odds of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, caesarean delivery and post-partum haemorrhage. The population-attributable risk (PAR) indicated that if women were entirely unexposed to overweight or obesity during the pre-pregnancy or early pregnancy period, 14% to 35% fewer women would develop gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia or pregnancy-induced hypertension in Brazil, China, India, Iran or Thailand. The highest PAR of low birthweight attributable to maternal underweight was found in Iran (20%), followed by India (18%), Thailand (10%) and China (8%). Treatment and prevention of maternal underweight, overweight or obesity may help reduce the burden on maternal and child health in developing countries.
Risk of birth defects associated with maternal pregestational diabetes.; Maternal diabetes preceding pregnancy may increase the risk of birth defects in the offspring, but not all studies confirm this association, which has shown considerable variation over time, and the effect of having type 1 versus type 2 diabetes is unclear. We conducted a population-based cohort study in the Northern Italy Emilia-Romagna region linking administrative databases with a Birth Defects Registry. From hospital discharge records we identified all diabetic pregnancies during 1997-2010, and a population of non-diabetic parturients matched for age, residence, year and delivery hospital. We collected available information on education, smoking and drug prescriptions, from which we inferred the type of diabetes. We found 62 malformed infants out of 2,269 births among diabetic women, and 162 out of 10,648 births among non-diabetic women. The age-standardized prevalence ratio (PR) of malformation associated with maternal pregestational diabetes was 1.79 (95 % confidence interval 1.34-2.39), a value that varied little by age. Type of diabetes strongly influenced the PR, with higher values related to type 2 diabetic women. Most major subgroups of anomalies had PRs above 1, including cardiovascular, genitourinary, musculoskeletal, and chromosomal abnormalities. There was an unusually high PR for the rare defect 'extra-ribs', but it was based on only two cases. This study indicates that maternal pregestational type 2 diabetes is associated with a higher prevalence of specific birth defects in offspring, whereas for type 1 diabetic mothers, particularly in recent years, the association was unremarkable.
The interaction between maternal race/ethnicity and chronic hypertension on preterm birth.; BACKGROUND: In both the biomedical and public health literature, the risk for preterm birth has been linked to maternal racial/ethnic background, in particular African-American heritage. Despite this well-documented health disparity, the relationship of comorbid conditions, such as chronic hypertension, to maternal race/ethnicity and preterm birth has received relatively limited attention in the literature. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to evaluate the interaction between chronic hypertension and maternal racial/ethnic background on preterm birth. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study of singleton pregnancies among women who delivered between 2002 and 2015 at the University of California, San Francisco. The associations of chronic hypertension with both spontaneous and medically indicated preterm birth were examined by univariate and multivariate logistical regression, adjusting for confounders including for maternal age, history of preterm birth, maternal body mass index, insurance type (public vs private), smoking, substance abuse, history of pregestational diabetes mellitus, and use of assisted reproductive technologies. The interaction effect of chronic hypertension and racial/ethnicity was also evaluated. All values are reported as odds ratios, with 95% confidence intervals and significance set at P = .05. RESULTS: In this cohort of 23,425 singleton pregnancies, 8.8% had preterm deliveries (3% were medically indicated preterm birth, whereas 5.5% were spontaneous preterm births), and 3.8% of women carried the diagnosis of chronic hypertension. Chronic hypertension was significantly associated with preterm birth in general (adjusted odds ratio, 2.74, P < .001) and medically indicated preterm birth specifically (adjusted odds ratio, 5.25, P < .001). When evaluating the effect of chronic hypertension within racial/ethnic groups, there was an increased odds of a preterm birth among hypertensive, African-American women (adjusted odds ratio, 3.91, P < .001) and hypertensive, Asian-American/Pacific Islander women (adjusted odds ratio, 3.51, P < .001) when compared with their nonhypertensive counterparts within the same racial/ethnic group. These significant effects were also noted with regard to medically indicated preterm birth for hypertensive African-American women (adjusted odds ratio, 6.85, P < .001) and Asian-American/Pacific Islander women (adjusted odds ratio, 9.87, P < .001). There was no significant association of chronic hypertension with spontaneous preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio, 0.87, P = .4). CONCLUSION: The effect of chronic hypertension on overall preterm birth and medically indicated preterm birth differs by racial/ethnic group. The larger effect of chronic hypertension among African-American and Asian/Pacific Islander women on medically indicated and total preterm birth rates raises the possibility of an independent variable that is not captured in the data analysis, although data regarding the indication for medically indicated preterm delivery was limited in this data set. Further investigation into both social-structural and biological predispositions to preterm birth should accompany research focusing on the effect of chronic hypertension on birth outcomes.
Spinal cord infarction in diabetic pregnancy: a case report.; Spinal cord infarction (SCI) is uncommon as compared to cerebral stroke. Moreover, SCI during pregnancy is rare. Here, we report a case of SCI in diabetic pregnancy, properly diagnosed, promptly treated, and a good prognosis achieved. A 38-year-old, pregnant woman, para 1, with type 1 diabetes mellitus on insulin since 14 years of age, was admitted to our hospital for paresthesia and numbness in the lower left side of the body, with movement disturbances. On the basis of the temporal profile of the onset and the multiple resonance imaging scans, SCI was diagnosed. Steroid pulse therapy and low-dose aspirin administration was initiated. Her symptoms were improved and discharged. A repeat cesarean section was performed at 37 weeks of gestation and her postoperative course was uneventful. Her daily activities were not hindered severely, though she experienced defecation discomfort.
Maternal diabetes, gestational diabetes and the role of epigenetics in their long term effects on offspring.; There is a global epidemic of obesity and diabetes, and current efforts to curb the diabetes epidemic have had limited success. Epidemiological studies have highlighted increased risk of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular complications in offspring exposed to maternal diabetes, and gestational diabetes increases the risk of diabetes in subsequent generations, thereby setting up a vicious cycle of "diabetes begetting diabetes". This relationship between maternal hyperglycaemia and long-term health in the offspring is likely to become even more important with an increasing proportion of young woman being affected by diabetes, and the number of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycaemia continuing to rise. Animal models of gestational diabetes or maternal hyperglycaemia have highlighted long-term changes in the offspring with some instances of sex bias, including increased adiposity, insulin resistance, β-cell dysfunction, hypertension, as well as other structural and functional changes. Furthermore, several of these changes appear to be transmissible to later generations through the maternal line. Epigenetic changes play an important role in regulating gene expression, especially during early development. Recent studies have identified a number of epigenetic modifications in the offspring associated with maternal hyperglycaemia. In this review, we provide an overview of the epidemiological evidence linking maternal hyperglycaemia with adverse long-term outcome in the offspring, as well as of some of the studies that explore the underlying epigenetic mechanisms. A better understanding of the pathways involved may provide novel approaches for combating this global epidemic.
Pregnancy outcome in primiparae of advanced maternal age.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of maternal age on singleton pregnancy outcome, taking into account intermediate and confounding factors. STUDY DESIGN: In this population-based retrospective cohort study, perinatal data of primiparous women aged 35 years or more (n = 2970), giving birth to a singleton child of at least 500 g, were compared to data of primiparous women aged 25-29 years old (n = 23,921). Univariate analysis was used to assess the effect of maternal age on pregnancy outcomes. The effects of intermediate (hypertension, diabetes and assisted conception) and confounding factors (level of education) were assessed through multivariable logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Older maternal age correlated, independently of confounding and intermediate factors, with very preterm birth (gestational age <32 weeks) [adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 1.51, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 1.04-2.19], low birth weight (birth weight <2500 g) (AOR 1.69, 95% CI 1.47-1.94) and perinatal death (AOR 1.68, 95% CI 1.06-2.65). CONCLUSION: Maternal age is an important and independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Obstetric and perinatal outcome in women with twin pregnancy and gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate pregnancy complications and obstetric and perinatal outcomes in women with twin pregnancy and GDM. STUD DESIGN: An observational multicentre retrospective study was performed and 534 pregnant woman and 1068 twins infants allocated into two groups, 257 with GDM and 277 controls, were studied. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Pregnant women characteristics, hypertensive complications, preterm delivery rate, mode of delivery and birthweight were analysed. RESULTS: Pregnant women with GDM were older (p < 0.001) and had higher body mass index (p < 0.001) than controls. GDM was associated with higher risk of prematurity in twin pregnancy (odds ratio 1.64, 95% confidence interval [1.14-2.32], p = 0.005). This association was based on the association with other pregnancy complications. Birthweight Z-scores were significantly higher in the GDM group (p = 0.02). The rate of macrosomia was higher in the GDM group (p = 0.002) and small for gestational age (SGA) babies were significantly less frequent (p = 0.03). GDM was an independent predictor of macrosomia (p = 0.006). CONCLUSION: The presence of GDM in twin pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of hypertensive complications, prematurity and macrosomia, but significantly reduces the risk of SGA infants. Prematurity was related to the presence of other associated pregnancy complications.
Epidemiology of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: prevalence, risk factors, predictors and prognosis.; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) represent some of the most important problems faced by public health because HDP is a major cause of maternal and prenatal morbidity and mortality. Several epidemiological studies have been performed to determine the prevalence and risk factors of HDP as well as its subtypes. The prevalences of HDP, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia are 5.2-8.2%, 1.8-4.4% and 0.2-9.2%, respectively. Body mass index, anemia and lower education appear to be modifiable risk factors for HDP. Maternal age, primiparous, multiple pregnancy, HDP in previous pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preexisting hypertension, preexisting type 2 diabetes mellitus, preexisting urinary tract infection and a family history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia appear to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Genetic variants including a single-nucleotide polymorphism in the angiotensinogen gene have also been reported to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Epidemiological studies have recently examined the associations between a history of HDP and its subtypes and future risks of other diseases. These studies have reported associations between a history of HDP and a risk of coronary heart disease, heart failure, dysrhythmia, stroke, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, end-stage renal dysfunction and cardiomyopathy. HDP is not associated with the future incidence of total cancer. In conclusion, HDP is not a rare complication of pregnancy and the influence of HDP remains for an extended duration. Physicians should consider the effects of HDP when treating chronic diseases in women.
Photogrammetry of fetal breathing movements during the third trimester of pregnancy: observations in normal and abnormal pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate parameters of fetal breathing movements-displacement of the fetal abdominal wall during inspiration and expiration, time of inspiration and expiration and speed of inspiration and expiration-between 30 and 36 weeks' gestation in normal pregnancies, and in those complicated by gestational diabetes or maternal hypertension. METHODS: Three categories of pregnancy were investigated: 49 were normal, 16 had pregnancy-induced diabetes and 10 were hypertensive. According to their gestational age, the patients were divided into two groups: Group A between 30 and 32 weeks' gestation and Group B between 33 and 36 weeks. Using photogrammetry and a computer-operated algorithm, six parameters of fetal breathing movements were investigated. RESULTS: There were significant differences in the various fetal parameters measured among the three categories of pregnant women. Up until 32 weeks of gestation, the displacements during inspiration and expiration were larger, the speeds of inspiration and expiration were higher, and the times for inspiration and expiration were shorter in the diabetic and hypertensive groups than in the normal group. In the later period, between 33 and 36 weeks, fetuses of pregnancy-induced diabetic patients showed the lowest inspiration and expiration times and the highest speeds of inspiration and expiration. CONCLUSIONS: Photogrammetry in conjunction with a computer-operated algorithm can be used to assess fetal breathing movements. There are significant differences in fetal breathing movements between normal pregnancies and those that are complicated by gestational diabetes or hypertension.
The risk of metabolic syndrome in women with previous GDM in a long-term follow-up.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) during long-term follow-up of women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Furthermore, we evaluated the glycemic measures from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy as predictors of incident MetS. Women diagnosed with GDM were divided into two groups according to the results of OGTT: one abnormal value = GDM1 (n = 338) and two abnormal values = GDM2 (n = 151), while women with normal glucose tolerance (n = 385) served as controls. MetS and its components were evaluated in a follow-up study (mean follow-up time 7.3 ± 5.1 years) according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Fasting plasma glucose in OGTT was the best predictor of incident MetS in ROC (area under the curve) analysis. The incidence of MetS during a <5-year follow-up was 22.2% in controls, 39.3% in GDM1 and 60.4% in GDM2; and >10-year follow-up 24.2%, 46.2% and 62.5%, respectively. In controls and GDM2, the incidence of MetS remained nearly constant during the follow-up, whereas in GDM1 it increased. In conclusion, already mild gestational glucose intolerance may progress to MetS and therefore merits intervention measures to prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease: The Baby Hearts Study, a population-based case-control study.; We investigated the role of maternal environmental factors in the aetiology of congenital heart disease (CHD). A population-based case-control study (242 CHD cases, 966 controls) was conducted using an iPad questionnaire for mother with linkage to maternity and first trimester prescription records. Risk of CHD was associated with low maternal education (OR adjusted for confounders 1.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-2.49), pregestational diabetes (OR 4.04; 95% CI 1.00-16.28), self-reported maternal clotting disorders (adjOR 8.55, 95%CI 1.51-48.44), prescriptions for the anticlotting medication enoxaparin (adjOR 3.22, 95%CI 1.01-10.22) and self-reported vaginal infections (adjOR 1.69, 95%CI 1.01-2.80). There was no strong support for the hypothesis that periconceptional folic acid supplements have a protective effect, but there was a protective effect of frequent consumption of folate rich fruits (adjOR 0.64, 95%CI 0.47-0.89). Compared to the most common pre-pregnancy dietary pattern, CHD risk was associated with a poor diet low in fruit and vegetables (adjOR 1.56, 95%CI 1.05-2.34). Mothers of cases reported more pregnancy related stress (adjOR 1.69; 95% CI 1.22-2.34) and multiple stressors (adjOR 1.94, 95%CI 0.83-4.53). We found no supportive evidence for CHD risk being associated with obesity, smoking, depression or antidepressant use in this population. Our findings add to the previous evidence base to show potential for public health approaches to help prevent CHD in future by modifying environmental factors. Independent confirmation should be sought regarding elevated CHD risk associated with maternal blood clotting disorders and their treatment, since we are the first to report this.
The presence of kinesin superfamily motor proteins KIFC1 and KIF17 in normal and pathological human placenta.; Kinesin superfamily proteins (KIFs) are motor proteins that participate in chromosomal and spindle movements during mitosis and meiosis, and transport membranous organelles and macromolecules fundamental for cellular functions. Although the roles of KIFs in axonal and dendritic transports have been studied extensively, their role in intracellular transport in general is less well known. The diversity of kinesins suggests that each kinesin may have a specific function. Therefore, in this study we aimed to investigate the presence and cellular localization of KIFC1 and KIF17 in normal and pathological human placentas. First-trimester (22-56 days) and normal, preeclamptic (PE), and diabetic-term placental tissues were obtained and further studied by immunohistochemistry (IHC) and Western blot methods. KIFC1 was mainly localized to the syncytiotrophoblast both in early and term placental samples. However, a stronger immunoreactivity was observed both in PE and diabetic placentas compared to normal-term placentas. KIF17 was most intensively localized in developing vascular endothelium in early pregnancy. Even though KIF17 was moderately stained in the endothelium of villi from normal human-term placentas, stronger immunoreactivity was observed in all types of villi of both PE and diabetic placentas. Western blotting of tissue extracts confirmed the IHC results. Here, we demonstrate the presence of KIFC1 and KIF17 in human placenta for the first time. The intense expression of KIFC1 in syncytiotrophoblast and KIF17 in vascular endothelium suggests that both the proteins might be important in a cargo-transport system. An increased expression pattern of both KIFC1 and KIF17 in PE and diabetes might suggest that these proteins may be involved in complex trophoblast functions and placental pathologies. Further studies will clarify the physiological role of KIFs in human placental transport and development.
Clinical Characteristics and Risk Factors Associated With Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Patients With Gestational Hypothyroidism: A Case-Control Study.; OBJECTIVE: To synthesize evidence, summarize the clinical features of patients diagnosed with gestational hypothyroidism (GH), and analyze the risk factors associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: From February 2021 to March 2023, a case-control study was conducted on 298 hospitalized patients with GH and 312 pregnant women without GH who underwent physical examinations. The 312 pregnant women without GH were randomly selected during the same time period. They were allocated into the study and control groups for further comparison of clinical characteristics and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: The parameters, including age, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, gravidity, parity, spontaneous abortion, history of gestation, thyroid-stimulating hormone, free triiodothyronine, thyroid peroxidase antibody (TPO-Ab), and free thyroxine were significantly different between the 2 groups (P <.05). Moreover, significant differences were found between the 2 groups in terms of preterm delivery, preeclampsia, premature rupture of membranes, placental abruption, and postpartum hemorrhage (P <.05). The multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that the influencing factors of pregnancy outcome in patients with GH were age (≥30 years), gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, gravidity (≥3 times), spontaneous abortion, parity, history of gestation (multiparity), and TPO-Ab (positive). CONCLUSION: Our study revealed that the clinical features of patients with GH were age, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, gravidity, parity, spontaneous abortion, history of gestation, thyroid-stimulating hormone, free triiodothyronine, TPO-Ab, and free thyroxine.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants: a Meta analysis.; OBJECTIVES: To systematically evaluate the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm infants. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and Wanfang Data were searched for case-control studies and cohort studies on the risk factors for NEC in preterm infants published up to December 2021. RevMan 5.3 software was used to perform the Meta analysis. RESULTS: A total of 38 studies were included (28 case-control studies and 10 cohort studies). The Meta analysis showed that maternal gestational diabetes (OR=2.96, P<0.001), intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy (OR=2.53, P<0.001), preeclampsia (OR=1.73, P=0.020), history of neonatal asphyxia (OR=2.13, P<0.001), low gestational age (OR=1.23, P=0.010), sepsis (OR=5.32, P<0.001), patent ductus arteriosus (OR=1.57, P=0.001), congenital heart disease (OR=3.78, P<0.001), mechanical ventilation (OR=2.23, P=0.020), history of antibiotic use (OR=1.07, P<0.001), use of vasopressors (OR=2.34, P=0.040), and fasting (OR=1.08, P<0.001) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section (OR=0.73, P=0.004), use of pulmonary surfactant (OR=0.43, P=0.008), and breastfeeding (OR=0.24, P=0.020) were protective factors against NEC. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal gestational diabetes, intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy, preeclampsia, low gestational age, fasting, sepsis, patent ductus arteriosus, congenital heart disease, and histories of asphyxia, mechanical ventilation, antibiotic use, and use of vasopressors may increase the risk of NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section, use of pulmonary surfactant, and breastfeeding may decrease the risk of NEC in preterm infants.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia increases insulin binding sites but not glucose transporter expression in discrete brain areas in term rat fetuses.; Diabetic pregnancy results in several metabolic and hormonal disorders, both in the embryo and the fetus of different species, including humans. Insulin is a potent modulator of brain development and is suggested to promote the differentiation and maturation of hypothalamic or related extrahypothalamic structures, which are directly involved in neural inputs to the pancreas. Because these structures are known to be specifically responsive both to insulin and glucose, we examined the effects of 48-h hyperglycemic clamps in unrestrained pregnant rats on insulin binding and glucose transporter expression in hypothalamic and extrahypothalamic-related areas of their fetal offspring. The main result was an increase in insulin binding in the ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus (VMH), the arcuate nucleus (AN), and the lateral hypothalamus (LH), and in the nucleus of the tractus solitarius (NTS) for extrahypothalamic areas (+30% in the VMH, +37% in the AN, +25.8% in the LH, and +37.3% in the NTS). The deleterious effect of brain hyperinsulinism during the late gestational stage does not seem to act through glucose transporter (GLUT) expression, inasmuch as no relationship between GLUT level and hyperinsulinism in brain areas could be observed. The specific increase in insulin binding in areas involved in the nervous control of metabolism could be a factor in the increased glucose intolerance and impairment of insulin secretion that was previously observed in the adult rats from hyperglycemic mothers.
The hidden dangers of chronic pancreatitis in pregnancy: Evidence from a large-scale population study.; BACKGROUND: Chronic pancreatitis is a debilitating condition that can affect women of childbearing age, and its impact on maternal and perinatal outcomes is poorly understood. AIMS: Our findings aim to help healthcare providers counsel pregnant women with chronic pancreatitis and make informed clinical decisions. METHODS: In this study, hospital discharge records from the National Inpatient Sample database between 2009 and 2019 were retrospectively analyzed to investigate maternal primary outcomes and primary perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: The study findings suggest an association between chronic pancreatitis and elevated rates of gestational diabetes (AOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.19-2.23) and gestational hypertensive complications(AOR 2.48, 95% CI 1.87-3.29). Pregnancies among women with chronic pancreatitis showed an increased likelihood of preterm labor (AOR 3.10, 95% CI 2.40-4.00) and small for gestational age (AOR 2.40, 95% CI 1.35-3.08). Furthermore, it appears that patients with alcohol-induced chronic pancreatitis present a considerably higher risk of fetal death (OR 17.15, 95% CI 2.29-128.26). The study also revealed that those chronic pancreatitis patients with a history of chronic renal failure could be more prone to developing gestational hypertensive complications (OR 20.09, 95%CI 2.07-194.93). Moreover, associations were observed between chronic pancreatitis pregnancies and lengthier hospital stays as well as elevated hospital costs. CONCLUSIONS: Our research has uncovered a heightened risk of complications associated with chronic pancreatitis for mothers and fetuses. The implications of our findings are critical for healthcare professionals, particularly those involved in preconception counseling.
Maternal hepatitis C virus infection and three adverse maternal outcomes in the United States.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis Virus C (HCV) infection rates have trended upwards among pregnant people in the USA since 2009. Existing evidence about HCV infections and maternal outcomes is limited; therefore, we used birth certificate data to investigate the association between HCV infection and maternal health outcomes. METHODS: We used the 2017 US birth certificate dataset (a cross-section of 1.4 million birth records) to assess the association between prevalent HCV infection and gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and eclampsia. Potential confounding variables included prenatal care, age, education, smoking, presence of sexually transmitted infections (STIs), body mass index (BMI), and weight gain during pregnancy. We restricted our analysis to only women with a first singleton pregnancy. Odds ratios were estimated by logistic regression models and separate models were tested for white and Black women. RESULTS: Only 0.31% of the women in our sample were infected with HCV (n = 4412). In an unadjusted model, we observed a modest significant protective association between HCV infection and gestational diabetes (Odds ratio [OR]: 0.83; 95% CI: 0.76-0.96); but this was attenuated with adjustment for confounding variables (Adjusted odds ratio [AOR]: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.76, 1.02). There was no association between HCV and gestational hypertension (AOR: 1.03; 95% CI: 0.91, 1.16) or eclampsia (AOR: 1.15; 95% CI: 0.69, 1.93). Results from the race stratified models were similar to the non-stratified summary models. CONCLUSION: We observed no statistically significant associations between maternal HCV infection with maternal health outcomes. Although, our analysis did indicate that HCV may lower the risk of gestational diabetes, this may be attributable to confounding. Studies utilizing more accurately measured HCV infection including those collecting type and timing of testing, and timing of infection are warranted to ensure HCV does not adversely impact maternal and/or fetal health. Particularly in the absence of recommended therapy for HCV during pregnancy.
Prenatal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus increases developmental defects in the enamel of offspring.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with short- and long-term maternal and perinatal repercussions. Our objective was to evaluate the long-term consequences of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia on Developmental Defects of Enamel (DDE) in offspring. RESULTS: Overall, 50 children of women with GDM and 250 children of normoglycemic women participated, the latter serving as controls. Children were examined at the age between 3 and 12 years. In addition to physical examination, two independent observers examined and rated photographs to identify specific types of DDE in a blinded fashion. Among offspring of mothers with GDM, rates of DDE (all types combined) and hypoplasia (specific type) were significantly higher (p<0.001, p = 0.04), in comparison to offspring of normoglycemic mothers. Considering only the affected teeth (1060 in GDM category; 5499 in controls), rates of DDE (all types combined) were significantly higher for total teeth (p <0.001) and deciduous teeth (p<0.001), but not permanent teeth. In specific types of DDE involving deciduous teeth, rates of demarcate opacity were significantly higher (p<0.001; canine and 2nd mandibular molars) and hypoplasia (p <0.001; 2nd maxillary molars and 2nd mandibular molars). In permanent teeth, the rate of diffuse opacity in association with GDM was significantly higher (p<0.001; maxillary central incisors and 1st maxillary molars). CONCLUSION: GDM was associated with the adverse effects of DDE on offspring. This study lays the foundation for future studies to determine the impact of GDM on long-term risk of DDE.
Hypertension in pregnancy as an early sex-specific risk factor for cardiovascular diseases: evidence and awareness.; Despite being a physiological condition, human pregnancy is known to cause numerous complications that can endanger the life of the mother and the fetus alike. While the majority of complications are mostly limited within the peripartum period, more and more information is available about persistently higher short- and long-term cardiovascular risk after a pregnancy complicated by a hypertensive disorder. There is evidence that women after gestational hypertension or preeclampsia are more likely to develop arterial hypertension, coronary atherosclerosis, myocardial infarction, stroke, peripheral artery disease, and even diabetes mellitus and venous thromboembolism years after the target pregnancy. This has urged some authors to view hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as a "stress test" for the maternal organism that unmasks latent endothelial dysfunction. An explanation is sought in the presence of common risk factors and underlying pathological pathways with cardiovascular diseases, although a certain etiological mechanism for the development of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy has not been established yet. More attention is needed towards the follow-up of women after a hypertensive pregnancy as it could be an opportunity for early prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Treatment of emergency cases in newborn infants of diabetic mothers.; Some of the most common complications seen in newborn infants of diabetic mothers are reported in this paper. These include hypoglycaemia, hypocalcaemia, hyperbilirubinaemia, polycythaemia, respiratory distress syndrome and cardiac failure. Recent pathogenetic views and therapeutic schedules are discussed.
Immunolocalization of ABC drug transporters in human placenta from normal and gestational diabetic pregnancies.; OBJECTIVES: ABC transporters, P-gp, MDR3, BCRP and MRP1, can bind both endo- and exogenous ligands. The latter include immunosuppressive, anticancer sedative, anticonvulsant, antiparasitic and cardiovascular drugs, as well as HIV protease inhibitors and antibiotics. Protein transporters are also involved in tissue distribution of orally administered medicines in combination therapy for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and could be used during GDM treatment. The distribution depends on transporter specificity its expression and subcellular localization. THE AIM: The aim of the study was to compare P-gp, MDR3, BCRP and MRP1 localization in placental tissues from normal and GDM diabetic pregnancies. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Tissue samples were taken from 10 normal and 10 GDM placentas. Immunohistochemical reactions were performed with the use of adequate monoclonal antibodies. Avidin-biotin-peroxidase complex method was used for the visualization of antigen-antibody complexes. RESULTS: P-gp, MDR3 and BCRP were found in all parts of normal human placenta i.e. the amniotic epithelium, cytotrophoblast, syncytiotrophoblast and decidual cells. P-gp and BCRP, but not MDR3 and MRP1, were also localized on the endothelial cells of fetal blood vessels in the chorionic plate, as well as stem and tertiary villi. MRP1 expression was observed in the cytotrophoblast and the syncytiotrophoblast. Its expression was very low or undetectable in the amniotic epithelium and the majority of decidual cells. Immunohistochemical reactions within the syncytiotrophoblast showed apical (P-gp, BCRP), apical and basal (MRP1) or diffuse (MDR3) distribution. The main changes observed in GDM placentas included weaker MRP1 and MDR3 positive reactions in the syncytiotrophoblast, slightly lower expression of P-gp in the decidual and amniotic epithelial cells, and MDR3 in the amniotic epithelium. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that GDM-related changes in the environment of placental cells do not substantially influence tissue and subcellular location of ABC transporters. Nevertheless, the expression of P-gp, MDR3 and MRP1 may be lower in comparison to normal placentas. Basal syncytiotrophoblast transporters, MRP1 and MDR3, seem to be more sensitive to the influence of GDM than apical proteins, what may result in altered biodisposition of endogenous substrates and drugs.
Polyasplenia complex with mesocardia and renal agenesis in an infant of a diabetic mother.; Despite improved prenatal care, infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) have an increased risk of congenital malformations. We report on an IDM with multiple congenital anomalies consistent with the polyasplenia complex with associated mesocardia and renal agenesis. The morphologic characteristics of these malformations are discussed. Special emphasis is given to the polyasplenia complex as an example of midline developmental field defect. The importance of maternal levels of hemoglobin A1c in relation to congenital malformations is addressed.
The Effect of Diabetes and Hypertension on the Placental Permeation of the Hydrophilic Drug, Ranitidine.; INTRODUCTION: Ranitidine is a hydrophilic weak base and an H(2)-receptor antagonist which is commonly used for gastroesophageal reflux, including during pregnancy. It has limited placental permeation and can be used as a pre-anesthetic antacid to prevent aspiration of acidic stomach contents. Recent studies suggest that diabetes and hypertension may influence placental permeation of hydrophilic drugs. Thus, this study aimed to investigate the influence of diabetes and hypertension on ranitidine's placental permeation in pregnant women. METHODS: Forty one pregnant women all scheduled for elective cesarean section entered the study: healthy control (n = 15), with hypertension (n = 16) and with gestational diabetes (n = 10). All women received 50 mg of ranitidine intravenously. Three samples of maternal plasma (after ranitidine application, at delivery and after delivery), and two umbilical cord samples (arterial and venous blood) were collected and analyzed for ranitidine concentrations. Maternal pharmacokinetic parameter were calculated as well as feto:maternal and umbilical cord arterial to venous concentration ratios. RESULTS: Ranitidine maternal and umbilical cord (arterial and venous) concentrations were similar in all three groups and there were no difference between feto:maternal ratios nor volume of distribution, clearance and half life between the groups. DISCUSSION: Fetal concentrations are dependent on maternal concentrations in healthy and hypertensive women but not in diabetic women. Hypertension and diabetes did not affect fetal handling of ranitidine. Though hypertension and diabetes did not influence ranitidine placental permeation, it appears they altered time needed to achieve unity between maternal and fetal plasma.
Safety of beta-blocker and calcium channel blocker antihypertensive drugs in pregnancy: a Mendelian randomization study.; BACKGROUND: Beta-blocker (BB) and calcium channel blocker (CCB) antihypertensive drugs are commonly used in pregnancy. However, data on their relative impact on maternal and foetal outcomes are limited. We leveraged genetic variants mimicking BB and CCB antihypertensive drugs to investigate their effects on risk of pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and birthweight using the Mendelian randomization paradigm. METHODS: Genetic association estimates for systolic blood pressure (SBP) were extracted from summary data of a genome-wide association study (GWAS) on 757,601 participants. Uncorrelated single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with SBP (p < 5 × 10(-8)) in BB and CCB drug target gene regions were selected as proxies for drug target perturbation. Genetic association estimates for the outcomes were extracted from GWASs on 4743 cases and 136,325 controls (women without a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy) for pre-eclampsia or eclampsia, 7676 cases and 130,424 controls (women without any pregnancy-related morbidity) for gestational diabetes, and 155,202 women (who have given birth at least once) for birthweight of the first child. All studies were in European ancestry populations. Mendelian randomization estimates were generated using the two-sample inverse-variance weighted model. RESULTS: Although not reaching the conventional threshold for statistical significance, genetically-proxied BB was associated with reduced risk of pre-eclampsia (OR per 10 mmHg SBP reduction 0.27, 95%CI 0.06-1.19, p = 0.08) and increased risk of gestational diabetes (OR per 10 mmHg SBP reduction 2.01, 95%CI 0.91-4.42, p = 0.08), and significantly associated with lower birthweight of first child (beta per 10 mmHg SBP reduction - 0.27, 95%CI - 0.39 to - 0.15, p = 1.90 × 10(-5)). Genetically-proxied CCB was associated with reduced risk of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia (OR 0.62, 95%CI 0.43-0.89, p = 9.33 × 10(-3)), and was not associated with gestational diabetes (OR 1.05, 95% CI 0.76-1.45, p = 0.76) or changes in birthweight of first child (beta per 10 mmHg SBP reduction 0.02, 95%CI - 0.04-0.07, p = 0.54). CONCLUSIONS: While BB and CCB antihypertensive drugs may both be efficacious for lowering blood pressure in pregnancy, this genetic evidence suggests that BB use may lower birthweight. Conversely, CCB use may reduce risk of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia without impacting gestational diabetes risk or birthweight. These data support further study on the effects of BBs on birthweight.
Markers of maternal and infant metabolism are associated with ventricular dysfunction in infants of obese women with type 2 diabetes.; BackgroundTo test the hypothesis that infants born to obese women with pre-gestational type 2 diabetes mellitus (IBDMs) have ventricular dysfunction at 1 month that is associated with markers of maternal lipid and glucose metabolism.MethodsIn a prospective observational study of IBDMs (OB+DM, n=25), echocardiographic measures of septal, left (LV) and right ventricular (RV) function, and structure were compared at 1 month of age with those in infants born to OB mothers without DM (OB, n=24) and to infants born to non-OB mothers without DM (Lean, n=23). Basal maternal lipid and glucose kinetics and maternal plasma and infant (cord) plasma were collected for hormone and cytokine analyses.ResultsRV, LV, and septal strain measures were lower in the OB+DM infants compared with those in other groups, without evidence of septal hypertrophy. Maternal hepatic insulin sensitivity, maternal plasma free-fatty-acid concentration, and cord plasma insulin and leptin most strongly predicted decreased septal strain in OB+DM infants.ConclusionIBDMs have reduced septal function at 1 month in the absence of septal hypertrophy, which is associated with altered maternal and infant lipid and glucose metabolism. These findings suggest that maternal obesity and DM may have a prolonged impact on the cardiovascular health of their offspring, despite the resolution of cardiac hypertrophy.
Epidemiological analysis of outcomes of pregnancy in diabetic mothers: identification of the most characteristic and most frequent congenital anomalies.; Using data from the Spanish Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECEMC), consisting of 19,039 consecutive malformed infants of unselected pregnancies, we have analyzed the relationship between nongestational maternal diabetes and different groups of congenital anomalies. The total sample of malformed babies was separated into two groups: children of nongestational diabetic mothers, and those of nondiabetic women. Analysis of the proportion of children identified in each group with different types of anomalies allows us to demonstrate that the most characteristic group of congenital anomalies observed in the children of diabetic women belongs to the caudal dysgenesis complex, while congenital heart defects are the most frequent malformations in these children. On the other hand, these children also present a multiple congenital anomalies (MCA) pattern more frequently than those of nondiabetic women. From this study it is also clear that the proportion of blastogenic malformations is higher in the offspring of diabetic mothers.
[Insulin therapy with microinfusion devices. Review of the literature].; The aim of the present work is to review the most recent data in the literature about the problems, true advantages and limits of continuous infusion of insulin in the therapy of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. After a report on the kinds of microinfusors available today and the possible ways of continuously administering insulin, some aspects of CSII (continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion) are reviewed: indications, side effects, patterns of insulin flow programming and psychological aspects. The need for preliminary selection of the patients who are to undergo instructive courses is emphasized. Then the data from the literature about the effects of continuous infusional therapy in relation to metabolic alterations and the later complications of diabetes are analysed. These important aspects are compared with the results of conventional insulin therapy. Finally, the effects of continuous infusional therapy during pregnancy, on brittle diabetes, on insulin sensitivity and on the "down phenomenon" are analysed. It is concluded that, even if you cannot formulate a definitive opinion about this topic, microinfusors can be a functional means of achieving excellent metabolic control. Nevertheless, their greater efficiency in comparison with the so-called optimized insulin therapy has not been unequivocably demonstrated, and the real need for them at the present time appears to be exceptional.
Gestational diabetes alters human placental vascular responses to changes in oxygen tension.; OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to study tone responses caused by hypoxia, reoxygenation, and hydrogen peroxide in human placental vessels from gestational diabetic and normal term pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: Isolated placental arteries and veins from women with well-controlled gestational diabetic and uncomplicated term pregnancies were precontracted with U46619 under 5% oxygen/5% carbon dioxide/balance nitrogen (PO2 35 to 38 torr) and then exposed to hypoxia (95% nitrogen/5% carbon dioxide) atmosphere (PO2 8 to 10 torr) for 5 to 7 minutes followed by rapid reoxygenation. Cumulative doses of hydrogen peroxide (1 to 100 mumol/L) were added at 2-minute intervals. The studies were conducted in both the presence and the absence of endothelium. Prostaglandin involvement was examined by treatment with indomethacin. Analysis of variance and t test statistics were used. RESULTS: After incubation under 5% oxygen, hypoxia caused a larger prostaglandin-independent relaxation in arteries and veins of women with gestational diabetes than in normal vessels. Placental vessels of women with gestational diabetes were found to undergo a significantly larger contraction than normal vessels when exposed to posthypoxic reoxygenation or micromolar concentrations of hydrogen peroxide. Both responses were eliminated and reversed to a relaxation by pretreatment with 10 mumol/L indomethacin in both gestational diabetic and normal vessels, consistent with mediation through the formation of prostaglandins. Removal of the endothelium did not appear to alter any of the observed responses. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes produces an enhancement of the observed relaxation caused by hypoxia and the contraction produced by reoxygenation or hydrogen peroxide.
Impact of youth onset type 2 diabetes during pregnancy on microvascular and cardiac outcomes.; AIMS: To examine the impact of pregnancy on microvascular and cardiovascular measures in women with youth-onset T2D. METHODS: Microvascular and cardiovascular measures were compared in in a cohort of 116 women who experienced a pregnancy of ≥ 20 weeks gestation and 291 women who did not among women in the Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth (TODAY) study. RESULTS: Cox regression models adjusted for participant characteristics at baseline including age, race/ethnicity, household income, diabetes duration, HbA1c (>6%), and BMI, demonstrated those who experienced pregnancy had 2.76 (1.38-5.49; p = 0.004) fold increased risk of hyperfiltration (eGFR ≥ 135 ml/min/1.73 m(2)), compared to those without a pregnancy. No differences were observed in rates of retinopathy (48.9% vs. 41.1%) or neuropathy (23.3% vs. 16.3%) in women who experienced pregnancy vs. women who did not, respectively. In fully adjusted models, pregnancy did not impact changes in echocardiographic or arterial stiffness compared to changes in women who were never pregnant. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate that pregnancy increases the risk of hyperfiltration in women with youth-onset T2D, but not other micro or macrovascular complications. The rates of vascular complications are very high in youth-onset T2D potentially obscuring micro- and macrovascular changes attributable to pregnancy. CLINICAL TRIAL INFORMATION: ClinicalTrials.gov numbers,NCT01364350andNCT02310724.
Umbilical cord dopamine beta-hydroxylase, chromogranin A and met-enkephalin after conditions associated with chronic intrauterine stress.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether the markers of autonomic nervous system activity, dopamine beta-hydroxylase (DBH), chromogranin A (CGA) and met-enkephalin (E), are different in cord blood from neonates born after conditions associated with chronic intrauterine stress (CIUS) as compared to neonates born after a normal pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: 61 newborns (median BW 2,840 g, range 617-4270 g) born after a pregnancy complicated by maternal hypertension, maternal smoking, maternal diabetes mellitus or intrauterine growth retardation (STR group) were compared with 88 neonates (median BW 2,910 g, range 4,00-4,370 g) who had not suffered from such intrauterine conditions. DBH, CGA and E were measured in the cord blood of both groups. RESULTS: When both groups were taken together, high DBH values were best related to maternal smoking (p = 0.004) and low E levels to maternal diabetes (p = 0.02). Within the STR group, high DBH values were best related with all conditions linked with CIUS (p = 0.008), E levels were best linked with the combination of intrauterine growth retardation (positive correlation) and maternal diabetes (negative correlation) (p = 0.03). For CGA there was only a weak positive relation with maternal smoking (p = 0.3). CONCLUSION: Certain intrauterine conditions associated with CIUS, especially maternal smoking, may lead to alterations of the autonomic nervous system as revealed by some of its markers in cord blood of neonates. This may be important in the pathogenesis of certain conditions after birth, such as the sudden infant death syndrome.
Factor analysis, including antihypertensive medication, of the outcome of pregnancy in pregnancy-associated hypertension.; AIM: To study the influence of different maternal factors, including antihypertensive medication, on the outcome of pregnancy in primi- and multiparas with pregnancy-associated hypertension. METHODS: A retrospective, multiple-variate analysis was undertaken of the influence of several maternal factors, including antihypertensive medication, on fetal death and Apgar scores and the correlation between the medication and the number of caesarean sections in 127 episodes of pregnancy-associated hypertension was studied for the whole group as well as for primi- and multiparas separately. Of the multiparas, 40.8% had a history of preeclampsia, 19.7% of chronic hypertension and 9.2% of diabetes mellitus. Antihypertensive treatment aimed at achieving a blood pressure of 140/90 mm Hg. Forty-one patients (32.3%) received intravenous hydralazine, 25 (19.7%) received nifedipine per os and 44 (34.6%) received labetalol per os. RESULTS: The maximum systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the patients given intravenous hydralazine, nifedipine per os or labetalol per os did not differ, whereas in the multiparas, the number of patients who reached the target blood pressure while using labetalol was higher than with the two other medications, especially in comparison with intravenous hydralazine. For the primiparas, the time of delivery was the only factor with a significant impact on the Apgar scores. In the multiparas, there was an additional negative influence of the use of intravenous hydralazine. This was not seen in the patients using nifedipine and labetalol. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that in multiparas, intravenous hydralazine is possibly associated with more fetal distress when compared to primiparas.
Prehypertension as a risk factor for the development of perinatal complications: Retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the association between prehypertension and the development of perinatal complications. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study (n = 293) that included pregnant women over 18 years of age carrying a single fetus of a gestational age of less than 20 weeks. Participants with chronic disease, assisted reproduction, fetal anomalies, early gestational loss, multiple pregnancy or who were delivered in a different institution were excluded. Pregnant women with and without prehypertension were compared. Multiple logistic regression was carried out. RESULTS: Prehypertension increased the incidence of hypertensive disorders (aOR 3.54, 95% CI 1.83-6.83) and hospitalization (aOR 2.41, 95% CI 1.17-4.95). No differences were found for other perinatal complications. CONCLUSIONS: Prehypertension increases the incidence of hypertensive disorders and hospitalization during pregnancy.
The Impact of a Lifestyle Intervention on Postpartum Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Hispanic Women With Abnormal Glucose Tolerance During Pregnancy: Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Trial.; BACKGROUND: Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), with higher rates among Hispanics. However, studies on the impact of lifestyle interventions on postpartum CVD profiles are sparse. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of a controlled trial among a subsample of Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance participating in Estudió PARTO (Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes; mean age = 28.2 y, SD: 5.8) who were randomized to a culturally modified Lifestyle intervention (n = 45) or a comparison Health and Wellness intervention (n = 55). Primary endpoints were biomarkers of cardiovascular risk (lipids, C-reactive protein, fetuin-A, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, glucose, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and adiponectin) measured at baseline (6-wk postpartum) and 6 and 12 months. RESULTS: In intent-to-treat analyses, there were no significant differences in changes in biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance over the postpartum year. In prespecified sensitivity analyses, women adherent with the Lifestyle Intervention had more favorable improvements in insulin (intervention effect = -4.87, SE: 1.93, P = .01) and HOMA-IR (intervention effect = -1.15, SE: 0.53, P = .03) compared with the Health and Wellness arm. In pooled analyses, regardless of intervention arm, women with higher postpartum sports/exercise had greater increase in HDL-cholesterol (intervention effect = 6.99, SE: 1.72, P = .0001). CONCLUSIONS: In this randomized controlled trial among Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance, we did not observe a significant effect on postpartum biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance. Women adherent to the intervention had more favorable changes in insulin and HOMA-IR.
Maternal use of antipsychotics in early pregnancy and delivery outcome.; The effect of various antipsychotics during pregnancy has repeatedly been studied, but for most atypical antipsychotics, only little information is available. We identified from the Swedish Medical Birth Register 2908 women who had reported the use of any antipsychotic or lithium in early pregnancy and studied malformation rates with data also from the Register of Congenital Malformations and the Hospital Discharge Register. Comparisons were made with all births (n = 958,729) after adjustment for some confounders. Risks were expressed as odds ratios (ORs). Most women had used dixyrazine or prochlorperazine mainly because of nausea and vomiting in early pregnancy. Seventy-nine women had used lithium, and these outcomes are reported separately. Hence, the main analysis was restricted to 570 women (576 infants) using other antipsychotics. There was a statistically significant increase in the risk for a congenital malformation-after exclusion of some common and minor conditions, the OR was 1.52 (95% confidence interval, 1.05-2.19). Exclusion of infants exposed to anticonvulsants reduced the OR only slightly. Most of the increased risk was caused by cardiovascular defects, mainly atrium or ventricular septum defect. No certain drug specificity was found. Except for an increased risk for congenital malformations, a nearly doubling of the risk for gestational diabetes and a 40% increased risk for cesarean delivery was noted. Because there seems to be little drug specificity, it is possible that underlying pathology or unidentified confounding explains the excess risk.
Automated Insulin Delivery in Women with Pregnancy Complicated by Type 1 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Hybrid closed-loop insulin therapy has shown promise for management of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy; however, its efficacy is unclear. METHODS: In this multicenter, controlled trial, we randomly assigned pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and a glycated hemoglobin level of at least 6.5% at nine sites in the United Kingdom to receive standard insulin therapy or hybrid closed-loop therapy, with both groups using continuous glucose monitoring. The primary outcome was the percentage of time in the pregnancy-specific target glucose range (63 to 140 mg per deciliter [3.5 to 7.8 mmol per liter]) as measured by continuous glucose monitoring from 16 weeks' gestation until delivery. Analyses were performed according to the intention-to-treat principle. Key secondary outcomes were the percentage of time spent in a hyperglycemic state (glucose level >140 mg per deciliter), overnight time in the target range, the glycated hemoglobin level, and safety events. RESULTS: A total of 124 participants with a mean (±SD) age of 31.1±5.3 years and a mean baseline glycated hemoglobin level of 7.7±1.2% underwent randomization. The mean percentage of time that the maternal glucose level was in the target range was 68.2±10.5% in the closed-loop group and 55.6±12.5% in the standard-care group (mean adjusted difference, 10.5 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], 7.0 to 14.0; P<0.001). Results for the secondary outcomes were consistent with those of the primary outcome; participants in the closed-loop group spent less time in a hyperglycemic state than those in the standard-care group (difference, -10.2 percentage points; 95% CI, -13.8 to -6.6); had more overnight time in the target range (difference, 12.3 percentage points; 95% CI, 8.3 to 16.2), and had lower glycated hemoglobin levels (difference, -0.31 percentage points; 95% CI, -0.50 to -0.12). Little time was spent in a hypoglycemic state. No unanticipated safety problems associated with the use of closed-loop therapy during pregnancy occurred (6 instances of severe hypoglycemia, vs. 5 in the standard-care group; 1 instance of diabetic ketoacidosis in each group; and 12 device-related adverse events in the closed-loop group, 7 related to closed-loop therapy). CONCLUSIONS: Hybrid closed-loop therapy significantly improved maternal glycemic control during pregnancy complicated by type 1 diabetes. (Funded by the Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation Program; AiDAPT ISRCTN Registry number, ISRCTN56898625.).
Total urinary estrogens in complicated pregnancies.; One hundred fifty-seven pregnancies complicated by different degrees of diabetes, toxemia, and hypertension were studied with serial urinary placental estrogen determinations. A simple and fast method for total placental estrogen determination was used. The level of total estrogen excretion was related to Apgar score in cases of class B diabetes, severe toxemia, and also in moderate toxemia when estrogen excretion was falling. Mean estrogen levels did not differ as a function of severity of diabetes. Levels did differ with severity of toxemia; however, only the difference in mean estrogen excretion between mild and severe toxemia was significant. Estrogen excretion was very low in hypertension but was not related to Apgar score. This study concludes that total urinary estrogens constitute only a single parameter necessary in the management of high-risk pregnancies.
Increased retraction of fibrin clots by endothelial cells of infants of diabetic mothers.; Cultured endothelial cells (EC) from the umbilical veins of infants of non-diabetic mothers induced retraction of fibrin clots formed by addition of thrombin to cell-free plasma. Fibrin clot retraction activity increased with time, reaching a maximum within 24 hours and was inhibited at 4 degrees C or in the presence of EDTA. This retraction had many characteristics in common with that induced by platelets. EC obtained from the umbilical veins of infants of poorly controlled insulin dependent diabetic mothers (IDDM) showed similar patterns of retraction. However, compared to normals, these cells induced greater retraction. Since the retraction of fibrin clots is thought to promote the exposure of sub-endothelial layers and since such an exposure plays a major role in thrombogenesis, we suggest that retraction of fibrin clot by EC should be taken into account in evaluating pre-thrombotic states.
A deficiency of vitamin B6 is a plausible molecular basis of the retinopathy of patients with diabetes mellitus.; Eighteen patients with diabetes mellitus, some of whom had variously retinopathy, pregnancy, and the carpal tunnel syndrome, and were variously treated with steroids and vitamin B6, have been overviewed for periods of 8 months to 28 years. We have established an association of a deficiency of vitamin B6 with diabetes by monitoring the specific activity of the erythrocyte glutamic oxaloacetic transaminase and again by the association with the carpal tunnel syndrome (C.T.S.). It has been known for a decade that C.T.S. is caused by a B6 deficiency. The absence of retinopathy in vitamin B6-treated diabetic patients over periods of 8 months - 28 years appears monumental. These observations are like discovery and constitute a basis for a new protocol to establish the apparent relationship of a deficiency of vitamin B6 as a molecular cause of diabetic neuropathy. Blindness and vision are so important that the strength or weakness of the observations are not important; the conduct of a new protocol is important.
A case of isolated peripartum elevation of alkaline phosphatase in pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.; Several isoenzymes of alkaline phosphatase are present in pregnancy, the most common are of liver, bone, and placental origin. We report a case of pregnancy complicated by hypertension and gestational diabetes, in which an extremely high elevation in bone isoenzyme was noted during labor. The enzyme level returned to normal by six weeks postpartum. Elevations in total serum alkaline phosphatase during pregnancy or labor cannot be assumed to arise from the placenta, and should be further investigated to determine the specific isoenzyme.
Gestational diabetes mellitus decreased umbilical cord blood polyunsaturated fatty acids: a meta-analysis of observational studies.; BACKGROUND: Polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) is important for the development of the fetal brain, and the retina. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may influence maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism, in turn affecting fetal growth and development. In several studies, maternal and fetal PUFA metabolic differences have been reported between mothers with and without GDM, but not in other studies. Thus, the aim of this meta-analysis (registration number: CRD42020220448) was to compare levels of linoleic acid (LA), α-linolenic acid (ALA), arachidonic acid (AA), docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and total n-3 and n-6 PUFA between mothers with and without GMD and their fetuses. METHODS: We performed a meta-analysis of observational studies on maternal and fetal fatty acid metabolism, published until May 2021. In addition, we performed subgroup analysis depending on the analyzed tissues (plasma/serum, erythrocyte membrane, or placenta) and the expression modes of fatty acids (concentration or percentage). RESULTS: We included 24 observational studies involving 4335 maternal datasets and 12 studies involving 1675 fetal datasets in the meta-analysis. Levels of AA, DHA, and n-6 and n-3 PUFA were lower in the cord blood of mothers with GDM than in controls (P  <  0.05). Compared to that in controls, in erythrocyte membranes, the percentages of AA, DHA, and n-6 and n-3 PUFA in total fatty acid were lower in mothers with GDM (P  <  0.05), but in plasma/serum, the percentages of AA, DHA, and n-6 PUFA in total fatty acid were higher in mothers with GDM (P  <  0.05). CONCLUSIONS: GDM appears to influence the transfer of PUFAs from mothers to fetuses. The percentage of PUFAs in maternal plasma/serum was higher, and that in erythrocyte membranes was lower in mothers with GDM compared to those with normal glucose tolerance.
Outcome of abruptio placentae in normotensive and hypertensive patients in Aga Khan University Hospital, Pakistan.; The aim of our study was to compare the perinatal and maternal outcome in hypertensive women experiencing abruptio placentae with that of normotensive women. We hypothesized that hypertensive women experiencing abruptio had a less favorable outcome than the normotensive women. Ours was a retrospective cohort study, in which the outcome of 33 hypertensive women with abruptio was compared with 138 normotensive women experiencing abruptio placentae. Our results indicate that although higher number of hypertensive women with abruptio had a past history of hypertension and were more likely to have diabetes (p = 0.05) there was no difference found in the grades of abruption or in any other antenatal complications between the 2 groups. The hypertensive women were also more likely to undergo cesarean section. We did not find any difference in the neonatal outcome. Therefore, we conclude that there is no difference in the maternal and perinatal outcome between the hypertensive and normotensive women experiencing abruptio.
Measurement of fetal surfactant production by fluorescence polarization of amniotic fluid in complicated pregnancies.; The results are presented of fluorescence polarization as a method for measurement of surfactant production in 159 specimens of amniotic fluid collected from pregnant women with diabetes, hypertension, Rh immunization, premature rupture of membranes (for more than 48 h prior to delivery) and intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). The predictability of the development of respiratory distress syndrome has been assessed by this assay. Its specificity, sensitivity and overall accuracy were similar to the lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio. The influence of the conditions detailed on fetal lung maturation was determined, lung development being enhanced until near term by Rh immunization, rupture of membranes and hypertension with IUGR.
Maternal and perinatal outcome in pregnancies complicated with hypertensive disorder of pregnancy: a seven year experience of a tertiary care center.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine the risk factors, prevalance, epidemiological parameters and maternal-perinatal outcome in pregnant women with hypertensive disorder. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis was undertaken on 255 consecutive cases of hypertensive disorder in pregnancy who were managed at Kocaeli University, School of Medicine, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology from June 1997 to November 2004. Demographic data involving age, parity, gestational week, clinical and laboratory findings were recorded from the medical files. Additionally delivery route, indications of cesarean section, fetal and maternal complications were determined. Statistical analysis was performed by SPSS programme using Kruskal Wallis nonparametric test, ANOVA (Analysis of variance) and chi-square tests. RESULTS: Of 5,155 deliveries in our clinic during the defined period, 438 cases (8.49%) were managed as hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Medical records of 255 cases could be avaliable. Of 255 cases, 138 patients (54.11%) were found to have severe preeclampsia while 88 cases (34.50%) were diagnosed as mild preeclampsia. Twenty-nine patients (11.37%) were suffering from chronic hypertension. Of 138 severely preeclamptic cases, 28 cases (11%) had eclamptic convulsion and another 28 patients (11%) were demonstrated to have HELLP syndrome. Intrauterine growth restriction, oligohydramnios, placental ablation were the obstetric complications in 75 (29.4%), 49 (19.2%), 19 (7.5%) cases, respectively. Additionally multiple pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus were noted in 5.9% (n:15) and 3.9% (n:10) of the patients. Delivery route was vaginal in 105 patients (41.2%) while 150 patients (58.8%) underwent cesarean section with the most frequent indication to be fetal distress in 69 cases (46%). Cesarean section rate seemed to be the lowest (48.3%) in chronic hypertensive women while the highest (63.8%) in severe preeclamptic patients. Maternal mortality occured in 3 cases (1.2%) and all of those cases were complicated with HELLP syndrome. Intracranial bleeding was the cause of maternal death in one case while the other two cases were lost due to acute renal failure and disseminated intravascular coagulation, respectively. Intrauterine fetal demise was recorded in 24 cases on admission. Ten fetuses died during the intrapartum period. Mean gestational age and birth weight were 28 +/- 3.5 and 1000 +/- 416 g, respectively in this group. In these ten women, five cases were diagnosed as HELLP syndrome, two were severely preeclamptic and three were eclamptic. Perinatal mortality rate was found to be 144/1,000 births CONCLUSION: Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy is associated with increased risk of maternal-perinatal adverse outcome. The complications of severe preeclampsia and eclampsia could be prevented by more widespread use of prenatal care, education of primary medical care personnel, prompt diagnosis of high-risk patients and timely referral to tertiary medical centers.
[Diabetes mellitus: the role of metabolic control in the prevention of complications].; Recent studies have cast doubt on the idea, generally agreed but not unequivocally proven, that optimal control of diabetes could delay or prevent the development of late microangiopathic complications of the disease. In particular, a perfect equilibration of glycemic values could, in certain cases, deteriorate, rather than improve, the situation (pre-proliferative retinopathy). Through a review of literature the authors try to answer the following questions: is diabetic microangiopathy due to hereditary factors? Can the treatment of diabetes influence the appearance of late "triopathic" complications? If yes, could an optimal metabolic control result in a stop or a regression of these lesions? Based on the available data, the authors reach the conclusion that yes, it is worthwhile to treat correctly diabetes mellitus and, if possible, a perfect glycemic control should be sought. There are only few and well determined exceptions to this rule. In insulin dependent diabetics a perfect control can presently be obtained by means of conventional intensified insulin treatment (multiple injections) or of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (insulin pump) for variable periods of time.
Cerebral Palsy after Neonatal Encephalopathy: How Much Is Preventable?; OBJECTIVES: To determine the expected proportion of term cerebral palsy (CP) after neonatal encephalopathy (NE) that could theoretically be prevented by hypothermia and elucidate the perinatal factors associated with CP after NE in those who do not meet currently used clinical criteria required to qualify for hypothermia ("cooling criteria"). STUDY DESIGN: Using the Canadian CP Registry, we categorized children born at ≥ 36 weeks with birth weight ≥ 1800 g with CP after moderate or severe NE according to the presence or absence of cooling criteria. Maternal, perinatal, postnatal, and placental factors were compared between the 2 groups. A number needed to treat of 8 (95% CI 6-17) to prevent one case of CP was used for calculations. RESULTS: Among the 543 term-born children with CP, 155 (29%) had moderate or severe NE. Sixty-four of 155 (41%) met cooling criteria and 91 of 155 (59%) did not. Shoulder dystocia was more common in those who did not meet cooling criteria (OR 8.8; 95% CI 1.1-71.4). Low birth weights (20% of all singletons), small placentas (42%), and chorioamnionitis (13%) were common in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: The majority of children with CP after NE did not meet cooling criteria. An estimated 5.1% (95% CI 2.4%-6.9%) of term CP after NE may be theoretically prevented with hypothermia. Considering shoulder dystocia as an additional criterion may help recognize more neonates who could potentially benefit from cooling. In all cases, a better understanding of the antenatal processes underlying NE is essential in reducing the burden of CP.
Approaches to screening for hyperglycaemia in pregnant women during and after the COVID-19 pandemic.; AIM: To evaluate the diagnostic and prognostic performance of alternative diagnostic strategies to oral glucose tolerance tests, including random plasma glucose, fasting plasma glucose and HbA(1c) , during the COVID-19 pandemic. METHODS: Retrospective service data (Cambridge, UK; 17 736 consecutive singleton pregnancies, 2004-2008; 826 consecutive gestational diabetes pregnancies, 2014-2019) and 361 women with ≥1 gestational diabetes risk factor (OPHELIA prospective observational study, UK) were included. Pregnancy outcomes included gestational diabetes (National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence or International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria), diabetes in pregnancy (WHO criteria), Caesarean section, large-for-gestational age infant, neonatal hypoglycaemia and neonatal intensive care unit admission. Receiver-operating characteristic curves and unadjusted logistic regression were used to compare random plasma glucose, fasting plasma glucose and HbA(1c) performance. RESULTS: Gestational diabetes diagnosis was significantly associated with random plasma glucose at 12 weeks [area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve for both criteria 0.81 (95% CI 0.79-0.83)], fasting plasma glucose [National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence: area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.75 (95% CI 0.65-0.85); International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups: area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.92 (95% CI 0.85-0.98)] and HbA(1c) at 28 weeks' gestation [National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence: 0.83 (95% CI 0.75-0.90); International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups: 0.84 (95% CI 0.77-0.91)]. Each measure predicts some, but not all, pregnancy outcomes studied. At 12 weeks, ~5% of women would be identified using random plasma glucose ≥8.5 mmol/l (sensitivity 42%; specificity 96%) and at 28 weeks using HbA(1c) ≥39 mmol/mol (sensitivity 26%; specificity 96%) or fasting plasma glucose ≥5.2-5.4 mmol/l (sensitivity 18-41%; specificity 97-98%). CONCLUSIONS: Random plasma glucose at 12 weeks, and fasting plasma glucose or HbA(1c) at 28 weeks identify women with hyperglycaemia at risk of suboptimal pregnancy outcomes. These opportunistic laboratory tests perform adequately for risk stratification when oral glucose tolerance testing is not available.
Risk factors for neonatal hypoglycemia: a meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: This Study aims to investigate the risk factors of hypoglycemia in neonates through meta-analysis. METHOD: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane library, and Web of science databases were searched for case-control studies on risk factors for neonatal hypoglycemia. The search was done up to 1st October 2023 and Stata 15.0 was used for data analysis. RESULTS: A total of 12 published studies were included, including 991 neonates in the hypoglycemic group and 4388 neonates in the non-hypoglycemic group. Meta-analysis results suggested caesarean section [OR = 1.90 95%CI (1.23, 2.92)], small gestational age[OR = 2.88, 95%CI (1.59, 5.20)], gestational diabetes [OR = 1.65, 95%CI (1.11, 2.46)], gestational hypertension[OR = 2,79, 95%CI (1.78, 4.35)] and respiratory distress syndrome[OR = 5.33, 95%CI (2.22, 12.84)] were risk factors for neonatal hypoglycemia. CONCLUSION: Based on the current study, we found that caesarean section, small gestational age, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, respiratory distress syndrome are risk factors for neonatal hypoglycemia. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42023472974.
Modification of the association between diabetes and birth defects by obesity, National Birth Defects Prevention Study, 1997-2011.; BACKGROUND: Maternal pregestational diabetes and obesity are risk factors for birth defects. Diabetes and obesity often occur together; it is unclear whether their co-occurrence compounds birth defect risk. METHODS: We analyzed 1997-2011 data on 29,671 cases and 10,963 controls from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, a multisite case-control study. Mothers self-reported height, pregestational weight, and diabetes (pregestational and gestational; analyzed separately). We created four exposure groups: no obesity or diabetes (referent), obesity only, diabetes only, and both obesity and diabetes. We estimated odds ratios (ORs) using logistic regression and the relative excess risk due to interaction (RERI). RESULTS: Among mothers with pregestational obesity without diabetes, modest associations (OR range: 1.1-1.5) were observed for neural tube defects, small intestinal atresia, anorectal atresia, renal agenesis/hypoplasia, omphalocele, and several congenital heart defects. Pregestational diabetes, regardless of obesity, was strongly associated with most birth defects (OR range: 2.0-75.9). Gestational diabetes and obesity had a stronger association than for obesity alone and the RERI (in parentheses) suggested additive interaction for hydrocephaly (1.2; 95% confidence interval [CI]: -0.1, 2.5), tetralogy of Fallot (0.9; 95% CI: -0.01, 1.8), atrioventricular septal defect (1.1; 95% CI: -0.1, 2.3), hypoplastic left heart syndrome (1.1; 95% CI: -0.2, 2.4), and atrial septal defect secundum or not otherwise specified (1.0; 95% CI: 0.3, 1.6; only statistically significant RERI). CONCLUSIONS: Our results do not support a synergistic relationship between obesity and diabetes for most birth defects examined. However, there are opportunities for prevention by reducing obesity and improving glycemic control among women with pregestational diabetes before conception.
Venous liver blood flow and regulation of human fetal growth: evidence from macrosomic fetuses.; OBJECTIVE: Experimental studies show that fetal liver venous perfusion is a determinant for growth in utero. Here we explore the relationship between fetal venous blood flow to the liver and macrosomia. STUDY DESIGN: From diameter and blood flow velocity measurements, we derived liver venous blood flow in a longitudinal ultrasound study of 25 macrosomic fetuses of nondiabetic mothers during the second half of pregnancy. RESULTS: Compared with appropriately growing fetuses, macrosomic fetuses directed more umbilical blood to the liver tissue, with correspondingly less contribution from the portal circulation when normalized for fetal weight. Whereas total venous liver blood flow showed no late gestation rise in the reference population, it continued to increase in macrosomic fetuses and was accompanied by greater fetal weight. CONCLUSION: The direct relationship between venous liver blood flow and macrosomia in the fetus supports the concept that intrauterine growth is linked to the amount and distributional pattern of venous liver perfusion.
Maternal geographic residence, local health service supply and birth outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To describe pregnancy complications, mode of delivery and neonatal outcomes by mother's residence. DESIGN: Register-based cohort study. SETTING: Geographical regions of Iceland. POPULATION: Live singleton births from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2009 (n = 40 982) and stillbirths ≥22 weeks or weighing ≥500 g (n = 145). METHODS: Logistic regression was used to explore differences in outcomes by area of residence while controlling for potential confounders. Maternal residence was classified according to distance from Capital Area and availability of local health services. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Preterm birth, low birthweight, perinatal death, gestational diabetes and hypertension. RESULTS: Of the 40 982 infants of the study population 26 255 (64.1%) were born to mothers residing in the Capital Area and 14 727 (35.9%) to mothers living outside the Capital Area. Infants outside the Capital Area were more likely to have been delivered by cesarean section (adjusted odds ratio 1.28; 95% CI 1.21-1.36). A lower prevalence of gestational diabetes (adjusted odds ratio 0.68; 95% CI 0.59-0.78), hypertension (adjusted odds ratio 0.82; 95% CI 0.71-0.94) as well as congenital malformations (adjusted odds ratio 0.55; 95% CI 0.48-0.63) was observed outside the Capital Area. We observed neither differences in mean birthweight, gestation length nor rate of preterm birth or low birthweight across Capital Area and non-Capital Area. The odds of perinatal deaths were significantly higher (adjusted odds ratio 1.87; 95% CI 1.18-2.95) outside the Capital Area in the second half of the study period. CONCLUSION: Lower prevalence of gestational diabetes and hypertension outside the Capital Area may be an indication of underreporting and/or lower diagnostic activity.
Incidence of Heart Failure Related to Co-Occurrence of Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The extent to which their co-occurrence of gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) influences heart failure (HF) risk is unclear. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to characterize the risk of HF related to concomitant GHTD and GDM. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We included women with a livebirth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, and excluded those with prepregnancy diabetes, hypertension, HF, or coronary artery disease. GDM, GHTD, peripartum cardiomyopathy (at index pregnancy) were identified using diagnosis coding. Incident HF was assessed from index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. We estimated associations of GDM and/or GHTD with peripartum cardiomyopathy and incident HF. RESULTS: Among 885,873 women (mean age: 30 years, 54,015 with isolated GDM, 43,750 with isolated GHTD, 4,960 with GDM and GHTD), there were 489 HF events over 8 years. Compared to no-GDM and no-GHTD, isolated GDM (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR]: 1.44; 95% CI: 1.02-2.04) and isolated GHTD (aHR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.17-2.31) were associated with a higher risk of incident HF. The co-occurrence of GDM and GHTD was associated with a higher HF risk (aHR: 2.64; 95% CI: 1.24-5.61). GDM and GHTD increased the risk of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted risk ratio [aRR]: 7.30; 95% CI: 6.92-7.58), similarly to isolated GHTD (aRR: 7.40; 95% CI: 7.23-7.58). CONCLUSIONS: The co-occurrence of GDM and GHTD was associated with a significantly high risk of incident HF.
Diabetic retinopathy: medical management and assessment.; Diabetic retinopathy is a common and potentially devastating complication. This review discusses the practical assessment and management of retinopathy, focusing on the treatment of concomitant systemic disorders that influence the development and progression of this complication.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a registry linkage study from Massachusetts.; STUDY QUESTION: Do women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have a greater risk of adverse pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, cesarean section, placental abnormalities) and neonatal outcomes (preterm birth, small for gestational age, prolonged delivery hospitalization) compared to women without a PCOS diagnosis and does this risk vary by BMI, subfertility and fertility treatment utilization? SUMMARY ANSWER: Deliveries to women with a history of PCOS were at greater risk of complications associated with cardiometabolic function, including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, as well as preterm birth and prolonged length of delivery hospitalization. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Prior research has suggested that women with PCOS may be at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, findings have been inconsistent possibly due to lack of consistent adjustment for confounding factors, small samples size and other sources of bias. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Massachusetts deliveries among women ≥18 years old during 2013-2017 from state vital records linked to hospital discharges, observational stays and emergency department visits were linked to the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology Clinic Outcome Reporting System (SART CORS) and the Massachusetts All-Payers Claims Database (APCD). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: PCOS was identified by ICD9 and ICD10 codes in APCD prior to index delivery. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% CI for pregnancy and delivery complications were modeled using generalized estimating equations with a log link and a Poisson distribution to take multiple cycles into account and were adjusted a priori for maternal age, BMI, race/ethnicity, education, plurality, birth year, chronic hypertension and chronic diabetes. Tests for homogeneity investigated differences between maternal pre-pregnancy BMI categories (<30, ≥30, <25 and ≥25 kg/m2) and between non-infertile deliveries and deliveries that used ART or had a history of subfertility (defined by birth certificates, SART CORS records, APCD or hospital records). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Among 91 825 deliveries, 3.9% had a history of PCOS. Women with a history of PCOS had a 51% greater risk of gestational diabetes (CI: 1.38-1.65) and a 25% greater risk of preeclampsia (CI: 1.15-1.35) compared to women without a diagnosis of PCOS. Neonates born to women with a history of PCOS were more likely to be born preterm (RR: 1.17, CI: 1.06-1.29) and more likely to have a prolonged delivery hospitalization after additionally adjusting for gestational age (RR: 1.23, CI: 1.09-1.40) compared to those of women without a diagnosis of PCOS. The risk for gestational diabetes for women with PCOS was greater among women with a pre-pregnancy BMI <30 kg/m2. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: PCOS was defined by ICD documentation prior to delivery so there may be women with undiagnosed PCOS or PCOS diagnosed after delivery included in the unexposed group. The study population is limited to deliveries within Massachusetts among most private insurance payers and inpatient or observational hospitalization in Massachusetts during the follow-up window, therefore there may be diagnoses and or deliveries outside of the state or outside of our sample that were not captured. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: In this population-based study, women with a history of PCOS were at greater risk of pregnancy complications associated with cardiometabolic function and preterm birth. Obstetricians should be aware of patients' PCOS status and closely monitor for potential pregnancy complications to improve maternal and infant perinatal health outcomes. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was supported by the NIH (R01HD067270). S.A.M. receives grant funding from NIH, AbbVie and the Marriot Family Foundation; payment/honoraria from the University of British Columbia, World Endometriosis Research Foundation and Huilun Shanghai; travel support for attending meetings for ESHRE 2019, IASP 2019, National Endometriosis Network UK meeting 2019; SRI 2022, ESHRE 2022; participates on the data safety monitoring board/advisory board for AbbVie, Roche, Frontiers in Reproductive Health; and has a leadership role in the Society for Women's Health Research, World Endometriosis Research Foundation, World Endometriosis Society, American Society for Reproductive Medicine and ESHRE. The other authors have no conflicts of interest. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Parental knowledge of prematurity and related issues.; INTRODUCTION: Current medical advances have increased the survival rate of the premature infant with its complications. Risk factors for prematurity include maternal diabetes mellitus, hypertension, smoking and alcohol intake. METHODS: A true/false questionnaire survey focusing on risk factors, outcomes/follow-up and costs was administered to adults attending a parenting-related public forum. One point was awarded per correct answer. Entire prematurity knowledge and section T-scores were calculated, (a pass mark was defined as at least 50 percent for each T-score). Missing answers and affected T-scores were considered invalid. RESULTS: There were 81 respondents: predominantly within 21-40 years of age, Chinese, female, public-housing dwellers, first-time parents-to-be and with graduate or higher-level qualifications. A pass in entire and prematurity knowledge T-scores was achieved in 69 percent (median 13 [range 3-21]) and 62 percent (median 12 [range 0-19]) respectively. A pass in section T-scores on risk factors, outcomes and costs was achieved in 62, 53 and 75 percent, respectively. Awareness of risks and outcomes did not correlate with awareness of costs. Logistic regression did not reveal any factors contributing to a pass or higher T-scores. CONCLUSION: Although the majority achieved a pass in all T-scores, general knowledge among this childbearing group was deemed inadequate by the median scores. As survival improves, awareness of prematurity and its risks has to be improved, with a target to reduce the incidence of prematurity and to support those infants who require resource-intensive follow-up.
Pregnancy after oocyte donation in 45, X Turner syndrome women, complicated by gestational diabetes and polyhydramnios. Case report and mini-review of literature.; Patients suffering from Turner syndrome (TS) demonstrate characteristic clinical features, with a short stature and gonadal dysgenesis causing infertility in most patients. Spontaneous pregnancies in women with TS are quite rare and pregnancy outcomes involving an increased risk of miscarriage and stillbirths are observed. In this case report, we present a 28 years old pregnant woman with the diagnosis of TS. Due to hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism, she was proposed an in vitro fertilization (IVF) program with an oocyte donor from unrelated anonymous women. After the second transfer, implantation occurred. In the 24th week of gestation, gestational diabetes class 1 was diagnosed. In the 31st week of gestation, polyhydramnios was diagnosed, although other parameters were reassuring. Considering the polyhydramnios, along with the diagnosis of Turner syndrome in the mother, we decided to perform an elective cesarean section. Subsequently, a healthy term male was born. For most women with the diagnosis of TS, the only way to become pregnant is through oocyte donation. The aim of this work was to characterize the course of pregnancy in TS patient and review literature addressing this issue.
Association between newborn birth weight and the risk of postpartum maternal venous thromboembolism: a population-based case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Postpartum venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a potentially fatal and preventable event leading to substantial short- and long-term morbidity. We sought to evaluate whether the delivery of term newborns of low or high birth weight was associated with greater risks of VTE. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a population-based case-control study conducted in Washington State from 1987 through 2011, cases of hospitalized VTE within 3 months of delivery were identified by using selected International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. Controls were randomly selected postpartum women without VTE, matched on birth year. Birth weight and other maternal and pregnancy characteristics were extracted from birth certificate data. Among term live singleton deliveries, we compared the risk of VTE for mothers of newborns of low and high birth weights (<2500 g and >4000 g, respectively) versus mothers of newborns of normal birth weight (2500-4000 g). Logistic regression models were adjusted for maternal age, race, education, body mass index, parity, delivery methods, gestational length, smoking, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preeclampsia. Patients with VTE (n=547) were older, had a higher body mass index, and experienced more pregnancy-related complications than controls (n=9482). In comparison with mothers of newborns with normal birth weight, mothers of newborns with low birth weight had a 3-fold increased risk of VTE, which persisted after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 2.98; 95% confidence interval, 1.80-4.93). Mothers of newborns with high birth weight had only a slightly increased risk of VTE, which was attenuated after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 0.99-1.61). CONCLUSIONS: The delivery of a newborn with low birth weight is associated with a 3-fold increased risk of maternal postpartum VTE. This should be considered when assessing VTE risk at delivery.
Pregnancy glycaemia and cord-blood levels of insulin and leptin in Pakistani and white British mother-offspring pairs: findings from a prospective pregnancy cohort.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To determine the extent to which gestational fasting and postload levels of glucose explain differences in infant fat mass between UK-born Pakistani and white British infants. METHODS: Analyses were undertaken in a prospective pregnancy cohort study of 1,415 women and their singleton live-born infants (629 white British and 786 Pakistani). Infant fat mass was assessed by cord-blood leptin levels and fetal insulin secretion by cord-blood insulin levels. Maternal OGTTs were completed at 26-28 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Pakistani women had higher fasting and postload glucose levels and greater incidence of gestational diabetes than white British women. Higher fasting and postload glucose levels were associated with higher cord-blood levels of insulin and leptin in all participants, irrespective of ethnicity. Cord-blood leptin levels were 16% (95% CI 6, 26) higher in Pakistani than in white British infants. After adjustment for fasting glucose levels, this difference attenuated to 7% (-3, 16), and with additional adjustment for cord-blood insulin levels it attenuated further to 5% (-4, 14). Path analyses supported the hypothesis that fasting glucose levels mediate the relationship of Pakistani ethnicity to greater fat mass at birth, as measured by cord-blood leptin levels; on average, 19% of this mediation involved fetal insulin secretion. Postload glucose levels did not act as an important mediator of ethnic differences in cord-blood leptin levels. Results were very similar when 130 women with gestational diabetes were removed. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These novel findings suggest a role of maternal pregnancy glycaemia in mediating differences in fat mass between Pakistani and white British infants.
Associations between periconceptional lifestyle behaviours and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; BACKGROUND: While the potential adverse outcomes of prenatal exposure to unhealthy lifestyle are widely evidenced, little is known about these exposures in the periconception period. We investigated the associations between lifestyle behaviours and adverse pregnancy outcomes with a unique distinction between preconceptional- and prenatal lifestyle behaviours. METHODS: A secondary analysis took place within a prospective multicentre cohort study in the Netherlands, including 3,684 pregnant women. Baseline characteristics and preconceptional and first trimester lifestyle behaviours were assessed through a self-administered questionnaire in the first trimester. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP), small for gestational age (SGA), gestational diabetes (GDM) and spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB)) were reported by healthcare professionals. Data were collected between 2012 and 2014 and analysed using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: Women who are overweight, and especially obese, have the highest odds of developing any adverse pregnancy outcome (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.61 (95 % Confidence Interval (CI) 1.31-1.99) and aOR 2.85 (95 %CI 2.20-3.68), respectively), particularly HDP and GDM. Women who prenatally continued smoking attained higher odds for SGA (aOR 1.91 (95 %CI 1.05-1.15)) compared to the reference group, but these odds decreased when women prenatally quit smoking (aOR 1.14 (95 %CI 0.59-2.21)). Women who did not use folic acid supplements tended to have a higher odds of developing adverse pregnancy outcomes (aOR 1.28 (95 %CI 0.97-1.69)), while women who prenatally started folic acid supplements did not (aOR 1.01 (95 %CI 0.82-1.25)). CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that smoking cessation, having a normal body mass index (BMI) and initiating folic acid supplements preconceptionally may decrease the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Therefore, intervening as early as the preconception period could benefit the health of future generations.
Reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death for women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight-affecting up to 30% of pregnant women-increase the risk of CVD. Early menarche and polycystic ovary syndrome are implicated. Premature and early menopause and significant vasomotor symptoms are all associated. Including reproductive risk assessment is critical when determining CVD risk and implementing evidence-based prevention strategies.
Obstetric and psychosocial risk factors for Australian-born and non-Australian born women and associated pregnancy and birth outcomes: a population based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: One in four Australians is born overseas and 47% are either born overseas or have a parent who was. Obstetric and psychosocial risk factors for these women may differ. METHOD: Data from one Sydney hospital (2012-2013) of all births recorded in the ObstetriX database were analysed (n = 3,092). Demographics, obstetric and psychosocial risk profile, obstetric interventions and complications and selected maternal and neonatal outcomes were examined for women born in Australia and overseas. RESULTS: Women born in Australia were younger, more likely to be primiparous (28.6 v 27.5%), be obese (32.0% v 21.4%), smoke (19.7 % v 3.0%), have an epidural (26.2% v 20.2%) and were less likely to have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (6.8% v 13.7% when compared to non-Australian born women. The highest rates of GDM, Gestational Hypertension (GH) and maternal anaemia were seen in women born in China, the Philippines and Pakistan respectively. Differences were also seen in psychosocial screening between Australian and non-Australian women with Australian-born women more likely to smoke and report a mental health disorder. There was an association between having an Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) ≥ 13 and other psychosocial issues, such as thoughts of self-harm, domestic violence, childhood abuse etc. These women were also less likely to breastfeed. Women with an EPDS ≥ 13 at booking compared to women with EPDS ≤12 had a higher chance of being diagnosed with GDM (AOR 1.85 95% CI 1.14-3.0). CONCLUSIONS: There are significant differences in obstetric and psychosocial risk profiles and maternal and neonatal outcomes between Australian-born and non-Australian born women. In particular there appears to be an association between an EPDS of ≥13 and developing GDM, which warrants further investigation.
Animal models for small for gestational age and fetal programming of adult disease.; Fetal growth retardation is a fetal adaptation in response to inadequate supply of oxygen and/or nutrients. Animal models of intrauterine growth retardation are an invaluable tool to question the genetic, molecular and cellular events that determine fetal growth and development. Rodent and non-litter bearing animals are mammalian system with similar embryology,anatomy and physiology to humans. Utilization of these systems has led to a greater understanding of the pathophysiology and consequences of intrauterine growth retardation. These observations are comparable to that observed in humans born small for gestational age, and are of interest because of the known association between poor fetal growth and development of adult disease. All the experimental manipulations described here have altered a number of metabolic and physiological variables, but the pattern of alterations seems to vary with the procedure and species employed. This review describes animal models for intrauterine growth retardation and assesses their potentials and limitations at aiming to improve strategies for the prevention of adult disease.
Risk of stillbirth and adverse pregnancy outcomes in a third pregnancy when an earlier pregnancy has ended in stillbirth.; INTRODUCTION: Our study evaluated how a history of stillbirth in either of the first two pregnancies affects the risk of having a stillbirth or other adverse pregnancy outcomes in the third subsequent pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We used the Swedish Medical Birth Register to define a population-based cohort of women who had at least three singleton births from 1973 to 2012. The exposure of interest was a history of stillbirth in either of the first two pregnancies. The primary outcome was subsequent stillbirth in the third pregnancy. Secondary outcomes included: preterm birth, preeclampsia, placental abruption and small-for-gestational-age infant. Adjusted logistic regression was performed including maternal age, body mass index, smoking, diabetes and hypertension. A sensitivity analysis was performed excluding stillbirths associated with congenital anomalies, pregestational and gestational diabetes, hypertension and preterm stillbirths. RESULTS: The study contained data on 1 316 175 births, including 8911 stillbirths. Compared with women who had two live births, the highest odds of stillbirth in the third pregnancy were observed in women who had two stillbirths (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 11.40, 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 2.75-47.70), followed by those who had stillbirth in the second birth (live birth-stillbirth) (aOR 3.59, 95% CI 2.58-4.98), but the odds were still elevated in those whose first birth ended in stillbirth (stillbirth-live birth) (aOR 2.35, 1.68, 3.28). Preterm birth, pre-eclampsia and placental abruption followed a similar pattern. The odds of having a small-for-gestational-age infant were highest in women whose first birth ended in stillbirth (aOR 1.93, 95% CI 1.66-2.24). The increased odds of having a stillbirth in a third pregnancy when either of the earlier births ended in stillbirth remained when stillbirths associated with congenital anomalies, pregestational and gestational diabetes, hypertension or preterm stillbirths were excluded. However, when preterm stillbirths were excluded, the strength of the association was reduced. CONCLUSIONS: Even when they have had a live-born infant, women with a history of stillbirth have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; this cannot be solely accounted for by the recurrence of congenital anomalies or maternal medical disorders. This suggests that women with a history of stillbirth should be offered additional surveillance for subsequent pregnancies.
Changing panorama of perinatal and infant mortality in diabetic pregnancy.; In a 21-year study covering 1960 to 1980, perinatal and infant mortality in 237 infants of diabetic mothers were analysed. The study was divided into three 7-year periods related to changes in management. In period I (1960-66) the perinatal mortality was 24.3%, decreasing to 5.0% in period II (1967-73) and to 1.1% in period III (1974-80). The corresponding figures for infant mortality were 31.4%, 7.5% and 4.6% respectively. Today the difference between the perinatal mortality rate in diabetic vs. non-diabetic pregnancies is almost negligible. However, perinatal mortality may give a false impression of pregnancy outcome, since owing to the high rate of lethal malformations in period III, infant mortality was still twice that of the non-diabetic population. During the 21-year period studied, complications of diabetic pregnancies such as severity and duration according to the White classification, hypertension and pyelonephritis in pregnancy and preterm delivery all decreased. Consequently the influence of these complicating factors on the overall outcome of diabetic pregnancies has declined.
Pheochromocytoma in pregnancy: a case report.; A case of large 11cm phaeochromocytoma at 35 weeks with preceding diagnoses of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes (GDM), which confounded initial management.
The B-Lynch technique for postpartum haemorrhage: an option for every gynaecologist.; Postpartum haemorrhage may be a life threatening complication. Seven cases are described in which the B-Lynch surgical technique (a brace like suture over the uterus) was successful in obtaining haemostasis. In four cases, the B-Lynch technique was the first line of treatment. In three cases, the B-Lynch was used after, or in combination with artery or other vessel ligation.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus induces congenital heart defects in murine embryos by increasing oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and apoptosis.; BACKGROUND: Maternal type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus are strongly associated with high rates of severe structural birth defects, including congenital heart defects. Studies in type 1 diabetic embryopathy animal models have demonstrated that cellular stress-induced apoptosis mediates the teratogenicity of maternal diabetes leading to congenital heart defect formation. However, the mechanisms underlying maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus-induced congenital heart defects remain largely unknown. OBJECTIVE: We aim to determine whether oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and excessive apoptosis are the intracellular molecular mechanisms underlying maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus-induced congenital heart defects. STUDY DESIGN: A mouse model of maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus was established by feeding female mice a high-fat diet (60% fat). After 15 weeks on the high-fat diet, the mice showed characteristics of maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus. Control dams were either fed a normal diet (10% fat) or the high-fat diet during pregnancy only. Female mice from the high-fat diet group and the 2 control groups were mated with male mice that were fed a normal diet. At E12.5, embryonic hearts were harvested to determine the levels of lipid peroxides and superoxide, endoplasmic reticulum stress markers, cleaved caspase 3 and 8, and apoptosis. E17.5 embryonic hearts were harvested for the detection of congenital heart defect formation using India ink vessel patterning and histological examination. RESULTS: Maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus significantly induced ventricular septal defects and persistent truncus arteriosus in the developing heart, along with increasing oxidative stress markers, including superoxide and lipid peroxidation; endoplasmic reticulum stress markers, including protein levels of phosphorylated-protein kinase RNA-like endoplasmic reticulum kinase, phosphorylated-IRE1α, phosphorylated-eIF2α, C/EBP homologous protein, and binding immunoglobulin protein; endoplasmic reticulum chaperone gene expression; and XBP1 messenger RNA splicing, as well as increased cleaved caspase 3 and 8 in embryonic hearts. Furthermore, maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus triggered excessive apoptosis in ventricular myocardium, endocardial cushion, and outflow tract of the embryonic heart. CONCLUSION: Similar to those observations in type 1 diabetic embryopathy, maternal type 2 diabetes mellitus causes heart defects in the developing embryo manifested with oxidative stress, endoplasmic reticulum stress, and excessive apoptosis in heart cells.
Septo-optic dysplasia in an infant of a diabetic mother.; Septo-optic dysplasia was found at autopsy in an infant of a diabetic mother. Optic nerve hypoplasia and holoprosencephaly have been reported in other patients. These findings suggest a propensity for maternal diabetes to affect development of the forebrain. Head circumference should be measured and funduscopic examination performed in all infants of diabetic mothers, and additional tests should be performed as indicated. Mental and motor retardation and hypothalamopituitary dysfunction may be found in these patients.
Caudal Regression Syndrome - a rare congenital disorder: A case report.; Caudal regression syndrome is a rare anomaly that is characterised by impaired development of the lower half of the body. This includes absent or abnormal development of lumbar and sacrococcygeal segments. Other associations of this disease include abnormalities of genitourinary tract, gastrointestinal tract, and cardiopulmonary system. The exact aetiology is unknown and is believed to be multifactorial but maternal diabetes is significantly linked to this rare disorder. We report the case of a new-born baby boy with caudal regression syndrome, hyperbilirubinaemia and patent ductus arteriosus.
Cannabis use in pregnancy and maternal and infant outcomes: A Canadian cross-jurisdictional population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: With the recent legalization of cannabis in Canada, there is an urgent need to understand the effect of cannabis use in pregnancy. Our population-based study investigated the effects of prenatal cannabis use on maternal and newborn outcomes, and modification by infant sex. METHODS: The cohort included 1,280,447 singleton births from the British Columbia Perinatal Data Registry, the Better Outcomes Registry & Network Ontario, and the Perinatal Program Newfoundland Labrador from April 1st, 2012 to March 31st, 2019. Logistic regression determined the associations between prenatal cannabis use and low birth weight, small-for-gestational age, large-for-gestational age, spontaneous and medically indicated preterm birth, very preterm birth, stillbirth, major congenital anomalies, caesarean section, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension. Models were adjusted for other substance use, socio-demographic and-economic characteristics, co-morbidities. Interaction terms were included to investigate modification by infant sex. RESULTS: The prevalence of cannabis use in our cohort was approximately 2%. Prenatal cannabis use is associated with increased risks of spontaneous and medically indicated preterm birth (1.80[1.68-1.93] and 1.94[1.77-2.12], respectively), very preterm birth (1.73[1.48-2.02]), low birth weight (1.90[1.79-2.03]), small-for-gestational age (1.21[1.16-1.27]) and large-for-gestational age (1.06[1.01-1.12]), any major congenital anomaly (1.71[1.49-1.97]), caesarean section (1.13[1.09-1.17]), and gestational diabetes (1.32[1.23-1.42]). No association was found for stillbirth or gestational hypertension. Only small-for-gestational age (p = 0.03) and spontaneous preterm birth (p = 0.04) showed evidence of modification by infant sex. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal cannabis use increases the likelihood of preterm birth, low birth weight, small-for-gestational age and major congenital anomalies with prenatally exposed female infants showing evidence of increased susceptibility. Additional measures are needed to inform the public and providers of the inherent risks of cannabis exposure in pregnancy.
[Diabetic retinopathy and pregnancy].; The problem concerning the influence of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy is still a matter for discussion. The questions are: can the pregnancy itself influence the onset of a retinopathy? and can a pregnancy worsen the prognosis of a retinopathy and if it is the case is there any difference regarding the type of the retinopathy: background or proliferative? Despite controversies in the literature, it seems that: If no retinopathy is present at the onset of the pregnancy, the risk for developing retinal complications is very low. A background retinopathy can worsens and may become proliferative. But improvement is often observed in post-partum. A proliferative retinopathy worsen very frequently and the proper management of patients with this type of retinopathy is of extreme importance regarding to the risk of complications and loss of vision. Before the advent of photocoagulation, the alternative to therapeutic abortion was pituitary ablation. Now, the photocoagulation became the treatment of choice for proliferative retinopathy with the same results in pregnant or non pregnant woman. But the proliferative retinopathy is associated with a high incidence of foetal morbidity. Some studies provide evidence that changes in background retinopathy may be related to the degree of diabetic control achieved during pregnancy. The rapidity of improvement in diabetic control may be critical. Diabetic women who are wishing pregnancies may undergo ocular examination with angiography. During pregnancy strict ocular examination is necessary through dilated pupils. Angiography does not seem to induce any side effect on pregnant women.
In utero exposure to maternal obesity and diabetes: animal models that identify and characterize implications for future health.; The developed and developing worlds are experiencing an epidemic of obesity and associated predisposition to diabetes. This epidemic places a major drain on health care resources. It is now clear that maternal obesity and gestational diabetes have major adverse effects on the developing fetus that lead to increased neonatal morbidity and mortality, as discussed elsewhere in this issue. Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes represent a special problem, not only as a result of their immediate adverse effects on maternal health and pregnancy outcome, but also because of growing evidence for their persistent and deleterious effects on the developing child.
[Maternal obesity and reproductive risk].; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of obesity in school children and pregnant women, a known risk factor of the reproductive cycle, has increased significantly over the last few years. AIM: To analyze the association between maternal obesity and the outcome of pregnancy and newborn health. To quantify the attributable population risk of obesity in relation to negative events of pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective study in 883 pregnant women of 6 public health centers in Santiago. Weight, height, arm circumference, skinfold thicknesses, body mass index (BMI) and fat mass were determined in each trimester. Maternal socio demographic history, smoking habits, incidence of diseases during pregnancy, labor and newborn characteristics were analyzed. Logistic regressions of multiple factors were used to determine nutritional and non-nutritional variables associated to negative events, to determine the population attributable risk of each variable that the model retained. RESULTS: Controlling the effect of other variables, a BMI > or = 30 or initial body fat mass > or = 35% determined a greater risk for assisted labor with an odds ratio (OR) of 1.9 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.3-2.9), gestational diabetes with an OR of 6.4 (95% CI 2.1-19.6), hypertension with an OR of 7.8 (95% CI 3.0-20.4), late fetal mortality with an OR of 3.4 (95% CI 1.2-10.0), p < 0.001. The risk was mostly associated with the initial maternal nutritional status and in a lesser degree, with the weight gained during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity is an important risk factor during pregnancy. The prenatal control obesity could reduce approximately 10% of the cesarean sections and late fetal deaths and half of the hypertension and gestational diabetes cases.
Temporal Trends in Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes for Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: The Nationwide Multicenter Registry Over 20 Years.; BACKGROUND: Although peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a fatal disease affecting young patients and fetuses, little is known about its recent prognosis and risk factors. This study investigated temporal trends in clinical characteristics and outcomes for PPCM in a nationwide multicenter registry. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population comprised 340 patients (mean age, 33 years) who were diagnosed with PPCM between January 2000 and September 2022 in 26 tertiary hospitals in South Korea. PPCM was defined as heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤45% and no previously known cardiac disease. The main study outcomes included time to the first occurrence of all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization. The diagnosis of PPCM cases increased notably during the study period (P<0.001). However, clinical outcomes showed no significant improvement (all-cause death for 10 years: 0.9% [2000-2010] versus 2.3% [2011-2022], P=0.450; all-cause death and heart transplantation for 10 years: 3.6% [2000-2010] versus 3.0% [2011-2022] P=0.520; all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization for 10 years: 11.7% [2000-2010] versus 19.8% [2011-2022], P=0.240). High body mass index (hazard ratio [HR], 1.106 [95% CI, 1.024-1.196]; P=0.011), the presence of gestational diabetes (HR, 5.346 [95% CI, 1.778-16.07]; P=0.002), and increased baseline left ventricular end-diastolic dimension (HR, 1.078 [95% CI, 1.002-1.159]; P=0.044) were significant risk factors for poor prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: While the incidence of PPCM has increased over the past 20 years, the prognosis has not improved significantly. Timely management and close follow-up are necessary for high-risk patients with PPCM with high body mass index, gestational diabetes, or large left ventricular end-diastolic dimension.
Troponins, heat shock proteins and glycogen phosphorylase BB in umbilical cord blood of complicated pregnancies.; PURPOSE OF THE STUDY: Heat shock proteins (Hsp) are evolutionary conserved molecules with a chaperone role in cell survival. We hypothesized that cord blood concentrations of molecules reflecting fetal cardiac muscle insult, including Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and glycol-phosphorylase BB (GP-BB) would be elevated in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or preeclampsia (PIH) compared to healthy controls. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Pregnant women admitted for delivery at >28 weeks were divided into four groups: healthy patients delivered vaginally (VAG), healthy patients delivered by c-section (CS), patients with PIH, and patients with GDM. Demographics, clinical characteristics, and cord blood concentrations of Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and GP-BB were compared between groups. Statistical analyses included t-test, Chi square, and Wilcoxon rank sum as appropriate. RESULTS: cTnI concentrations were significantly higher in the PIH group compared to the GDM and VAG groups and they were higher in the CS group compared to the VAG group. Concentrations of Hsp70 were higher in the GDM group compared to the VAG and CS groups. Concentration of GP-BB was higher in the PIH group compared to the VAG group. CONCLUSIONS: GP-BB and cTNI are the most sensitive markers for PIH-related fetal myocyte injury as is Hsp70 in pregnancies complicated by GDM.
Microangiopathy and pregnancy.; Diabetic microangiopathy is a frequent complication of longstanding diabetes mellitus. Micro vascular lesions may have severe implications for both maternal and foetal health. Patients with advanced underlying lesions are at increased risk of progression during pregnancy. Severe retinal lesions can progress during pregnancy and one year after delivery. Poor glycaemic control prior to conception and rapid improvement during pregnancy are other risk factors of progression. Treatment of lesions with high risk of progression and progressive blood glucose lowering in the preconception period can improve the prognosis. Diabetic nephropathy predisposes to preeclampsia, premature delivery, intrauterine growth retardation and perinatal mortality. Patients with elevated creatinine levels are at increased risk of permanent impairment of kidney function. These patients should be closely monitored and their blood pressure tightly controlled. Gastroparesis may be aggravated by pregnancy hyper emesis. Autonomic neuropathy may result in erratic maternal glucose control, foetus growth retardation and foetal loss.
Hormonal contraception in women with the metabolic syndrome: a narrative review.; OBJECTIVE: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is a set of five cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors: elevated waist circumference, fasting plasma glucose, triglycerides and blood pressure; and reduced HDL-cholesterol. The prevalence of the MS is rising worldwide, and is linked to two diagnoses in young women: polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This narrative review focuses on hormonal contraceptive choices available for women in Europe with features of the MS. RESULTS: The levonorgestrel-intrauterine system and progestogen-only pills containing desogestrel or levonorgestrel have no significant effects on MS parameters. Combined oestrogen-progestogen methods do not appear to increase waist circumference or the incidence of glucose intolerance in women with PCOS or a history of GDM; their effect on HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides is comparable with that observed in women without the MS, while the effect on blood pressure remains inconclusive. The etonogestrel implant does not affect body weight, triglycerides and blood pressure but mildly reduces insulin sensitivity and HDL-cholesterol in healthy women. Depot medroxyprogesterone acetate increases body weight and truncal fat deposition, and lowers glucose tolerance in women with previous GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose hormonal contraception is safe for many women with the MS, but high-dose progestogens must be avoided.
Maternal obesity and diabetes induces latent metabolic defects and widespread epigenetic changes in isogenic mice.; Intrauterine nutrition can program metabolism, creating stable changes in physiology that may have significant health consequences. The mechanism underlying these changes is widely assumed to involve epigenetic changes to the expression of metabolic genes, but evidence supporting this idea is limited. Here we have performed the first study of the epigenomic consequences of exposure to maternal obesity and diabetes. We used a mouse model of natural-onset obesity that allows comparison of genetically identical mice whose mothers were either obese and diabetic or lean with a normal metabolism. We find that the offspring of obese mothers have a latent metabolic phenotype that is unmasked by exposure to a Western-style diet, resulting in glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis. The offspring show changes in hepatic gene expression and widespread but subtle alterations in cytosine methylation. Contrary to expectation, these molecular changes do not point to metabolic pathways but instead reside in broadly developmental ontologies. We propose that, rather than being adaptive, these changes may simply produce an inappropriate response to suboptimal environments; maladaptive phenotypes may be avoidable if postnatal nutrition is carefully controlled.
Risk factors predisposing to abruptio placentae. Maternal and fetal outcome.; OBJECTIVE: Abruptio placentae is one of the leading causes of perinatal deaths. Abruptio placentae increase the neonatal morbidity and mortality. It is one of the recognized causes of low birth weight. The purpose of this study was to examine the risk factors for abruptio placentae together with the maternal and fetal outcome in a large population based data set. METHODS: All cases of abruptio placentae presented to the Department of Obstetrics, Wad Medani Teaching Hospital, Sudan during the period January 1997 through to December 2002 were collected. All infants born to those cases were also collected and analyzed as live birth or stillbirth. The live born infants were followed for one month to detect the neonatal deaths. The study also aimed to determine the predisposing factors for abruptio placentae. The study was designed as a case control study from live, singleton births and singleton fetal death. RESULTS: The total number of abruptio placentae collected during this period was 1028, while the total number of births during the same period was 15620 giving and incidence of 1028/15620 (6.5%) for abruptio placentae. The combined stillbirths and first month deaths were 20.2%. Abruptio placentae was associated with pre-eclampsia, diabetes, polyhydramnios and hypertension. Parity and maternal age were not associated with an increased incidence of abruption placentae. CONCLUSION: This study had the advantage of complete ascertainment of all reported cases of abruptio placentae during a period of 6-years. We found an increased risk for abruptio placentae associated with maternal diabetes, hypertension, pre-eclampsia and polyhydramnios. We found that infants born after abruptio placentae were small for gestational age and had lower Apgar scores than the control infants. The possibility of abruptio placentae should be considered by the clinician when managing pregnant women with any of those characteristics. Abruptio placentae should be managed in centers were there is advanced maternal and neonatal facilities.
Clinical-epidemiologic assessment of pattern of birth defects associated with human teratogens: application to diabetic embryopathy.; The concepts of sensitivity, specificity, and predictive value can be used to assess patterns of birth defects associated with human teratogens. Although sensitivity of any single defect is generally low for many known teratogens, the presence of specific defect combinations is usually predictive of the teratogen. To evaluate the patterns of birth defects associated with diabetic embryopathy, a sensitivity-specificity analysis was performed on 4929 infants with major defects ascertained by the population-based Metropolitan Atlanta Congenital Defects Program between 1968 and 1980. By reviewing hospital records, maternal insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus was confirmed in 26 infants. Patterns of defects were evaluated among infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and compared with the rest of the Metropolitan Atlanta Congenital Defects Program case population. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to assess defect combinations that predict for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Of 26 infants, 8 had multiple defects. However, most defects and their combinations were poorly sensitive and predictive for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. The predictive value for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus was greatest for the combination of vertebral and cardiovascular anomalies (6.5%). Also, several pathogenetic mechanisms were noted among patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, such as cell migration defects, cell death events, deformations, and cardiac flow lesions. The inability to find a clear-cut phenotype for diabetic embryopathy may be due to several etiologic factors and mechanisms associated with diabetic embryopathy.
Extracellular vesicles as markers and mediators of pregnancy complications: gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth and fetal growth restriction.; In high income countries, approximately 10% of pregnancies are complicated by pre-eclampsia (PE), preterm birth (PTB), fetal growth restriction (FGR) and/or macrosomia resulting from gestational diabetes (GDM). Despite the burden of disease this places on pregnant people and their newborns, there are still few, if any, effective ways of preventing or treating these conditions. There are also gaps in our understanding of the underlying pathophysiologies and our ability to predict which mothers will be affected. The placenta plays a crucial role in pregnancy, and alterations in placental structure and function have been implicated in all of these conditions. As extracellular vesicles (EVs) have emerged as important molecules in cell-to-cell communication in health and disease, recent research involving maternal- and placental-derived EV has demonstrated their potential as predictive and diagnostic biomarkers of obstetric disorders.  This review will consider how placental and maternal EVs have been investigated in pregnancies complicated by PE, PTB, FGR and GDM and aims to highlight areas where further research is required to enhance the management and eventual treatment of these pathologies.
Malformations in offspring of diabetic rats: morphometric analysis of neural crest-derived organs and effects of maternal vitamin E treatment.; BACKGROUND: We have previously reported on a malformation-prone Sprague-Dawley rat substrain (U), which presents a high frequency of micrognathia in the offspring of diabetic mothers. This malformation is related to impaired development of the cranial neural crest cells (NCC); the defect may be prevented by antioxidative treatment of the mother. METHODS: We have therefore investigated whether fetuses of diabetic rats display other malformations associated with altered cranial NCC development and whether maternal vitamin E supplementation may affect such malformations. RESULTS: Fetuses of diabetic rats showed low-set external ears, severely malformed Meckel's cartilage, small thyroid and thymus, and absence of parathyroid glands. Cardiac anomalies were frequently observed, including rightward displacement of the aorta, double outlet right ventricle (DORV), persistent truncus arteriosus (PTA) combined with ventricular septal defects due to a malaligned outlet septum. The malformations in the outflow tract included abnormalities of the great arteries; right-sided aortic arch/descending aorta, and double aortic arches. These defects tended to occur together within individual fetuses. Maternal dietary treatment with 2% vitamin E markedly reduced the severity of the malformations. CONCLUSIONS: The phenotypic appearance of these defects is strikingly similar to the DiGeorge anomaly in humans, which has been found in children of diabetic mothers together with an overrepresentation of PTA and DORV. The malformations associated with defective NCC development in the offspring of diabetic U rats show several morphological similarities to those in humans; hence the teratogenic mechanisms may be similar and accessible for study.
Improving postpartum screening after diabetes in pregnancy: Results of a pilot study in remote Australia.; BACKGROUND: The postpartum period is a critical time to improve health outcomes for Aboriginal women, particularly for those who have chronic conditions. AIMS: To assess enhanced support methods (for women following diabetes in pregnancy (DIP)) to improve completion rates of recommended postpartum health checks. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Fifty-three Aboriginal women in the Northern Territory (NT) were contacted in the postpartum period to encourage medical check-ups. Messages were delivered through phone (call or text messages) or other methods (Facebook or email). The primary outcome was postpartum blood glucose testing (oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT), random or fasting glucose and HbA1c). RESULTS: Establishing contact with women was difficult. Of 137 messages sent to 52 women, 22 responded (42%). Phone was the most common contact method with successful contact made from 16 of 119 (13%) attempts. Rates of postpartum OGTT completion were higher in the group successfully contacted (32% vs 7%). However, for any postpartum glucose testing (including OGTT and HbA1c) rates were 25 of 42 (60%) and neither success in making contact nor the contact method was associated with higher rates. CONCLUSIONS: The small sample size limits our conclusions; however, results highlight that engaging remote women postpartum is difficult. While rates of postpartum OGTT completion differed according to successful contacts, rates of any postpartum blood glucose testing did not. Further research is needed to explore feasible intervention methods to improve postpartum screening after a pregnancy complicated by diabetes.
A Rare Case of Acute Myocardial Infarction in Pregnancy: Successful Treatment Strategies.; BACKGROUND Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is rare, but is associated with a high mortality rate, particularly during labor and delivery. This article concerns a 23-year-old woman with a history of insulin-treated gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism treated with levothyroxine presenting at 32 weeks of pregnancy with acute chest pain and coronary artery occlusion requiring angioplasty followed by cesarean delivery. The aim of this report is to outline the diagnostic difficulties of acute coronary syndromes during pregnancy and to present their treatment. CASE REPORT A 23-year-old female patient at 32 weeks' gestation treated for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism was admitted to the hospital due to acute chest pain. The ECG showed ST-segment elevation in leads I, aVL, and V4-V6 and elevated troponin T. Based on this, the patient was diagnosed with myocardial infarction and given low-molecular heparin, followed by primary coronary angioplasty with revascularization. After the procedure, she received dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel. The pregnancy was terminated at 38 weeks by cesarean section, delivering a healthy baby. CONCLUSIONS This report shows the importance of rapid and accurate diagnosis and management of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy, and delivery by cesarean section, to ensure survival of the mother and the child.
The epidemiology of cardiovascular defects, part 2: a study based on data from three large registries of congenital malformations.; There were three objectives of this study: to investigate possible specificity in the association between specific cardiac defects and chromosomal anomalies; to evaluate ways of categorizing cardiac defects into larger groups with epidemiological similarities that could indicate similarities in etiology or pathogenesis; and to analyze the relationship between specific cardiac defects and diabetes. We pooled data on infants (aged 1 year or younger) with congenital cardiovascular defects from three large birth defect registries in California, Sweden, and France. The registries in Sweden and France obtained data through reporting from various sources; in California, medical records were reviewed. For severe congenital heart defects, the percentage of infants with identified chromosomal anomalies varied between 0.9% for d-TGV to 68.4% for ECD. In general, specific cardiac conditions have different risk factors. For example, conotruncal defects have been traditionally grouped, but the data presented in this paper indicates more differences for risk factors for the components of conotruncal defects: tetralogy of Fallot, d-TGV, common truncus, and DORV. In general, we suggest the strategy of "splitting" rather than "lumping" when searching for specific genetic factors and/or teratogens. Adequate analysis thus requires large registries or collaboration among registries. The findings did not support constellations between mothers' diabetes and specific defects.
Prenatal diagnosis and clinical significance of hypoplastic umbilical artery.; This study reports the maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes in cases with hypoplastic umbilical artery. The sonographic finding of a three-vessel umbilical cord showing an artery-to-artery diameter difference of more than 50 per cent was defined as hypoplastic umbilical artery. All fetuses diagnosed with hypoplastic umbilical artery underwent genetic amniocentesis and ultrasound. Fetal, maternal, and neonatal outcomes were analysed. Twelve fetuses with hypoplastic umbilical artery were detected over a 6-year period (1989-1995). Associated abnormalities included trisomy 18 (one case), polyhydramnios (three cases), congenital heart disease (one case), and fetal growth restriction (two cases). Maternal diabetes was detected in four cases. The pregnancy was terminated in one case; one neonate with severe fetal growth restriction expired; and one survived with congenital heart disease. The presence of hypoplastic umbilical artery was associated with increased perinatal morbidity and congenital abnormalities. Diabetes was frequently detected. Fetal surveillance and echocardiography are indicated in cases of hypoplastic umbilical artery.
The therapeutic potential of miRNAs regulated in settings of physiological cardiac hypertrophy.; Cardiac hypertrophy is broadly defined as an increase in heart mass. Heart enlargement in a setting of cardiac disease is referred to as pathological hypertrophy and often progresses to heart failure. Physiological hypertrophy refers to heart growth in response to postnatal development, exercise training and pregnancy, and is an adaptive response associated with the activation of cardioprotective signaling cascades. miRNAs have emerged as novel therapeutic targets for numerous pathologies, and miRNA-based therapies have already entered clinical trials. The identification of miRNAs differentially regulated during physiological growth may open up new therapeutic approaches for heart failure. In this review, we present information on miRNAs regulated in models of physiological hypertrophy, describe preclinical cardiac disease studies that have successfully targeted miRNAs regulated in settings of physiological growth (miR-34, miR-15, miR-199b, miR-208a and miR-378), and discuss challenges to overcome for the safe entry of miRNA-based therapies into the clinic for heart failure patients.
Impact of adenomyosis on pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective consecutive cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: This retrospective study explored the potential connection between adenomyosis and pregnancy outcomes. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A study included data from a total of 1,208 pregnancies. The adenomyosis group included 334 pregnant women with adenomyosis, and women in the control group (n=874) had uncomplicated pregnancies. Data on pregnancy complications and maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared. RESULTS: The incidence of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and placenta previa was higher in the adenomyosis group compared to the control group (p<0.05). Adenomyosis was linked to a higher risk of postpartum hemorrhage (1,000-1,500 ml) but a lower risk of premature rupture of membranes (PROM) (p<0.05). Diagnosis of adenomyosis correlated with increased incidence of low fetal weight (20.3% vs. 21.3%, p<0.05) and a low APGAR score at 1 min (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Adenomyosis correlated with a higher incidence of gestational hypertension, placenta previa, and gestational diabetes. At the same time, adenomyosis correlated with a significantly lower incidence of PROM compared to uncomplicated pregnancy. There was a significant increase in the incidence of postpartum hemorrhage and a higher risk of low fetal weight and lower APGAR score at 1 min in pregnancies with adenomyosis.
Racial disparity in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in New York State: a 10-year longitudinal population-based study.; OBJECTIVES: We studied trends of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy by residential socioeconomic status (SES) and racial/ethnic subgroups in New York State over a 10-year period. METHODS: We merged New York State discharge data for 2.5 million women hospitalized with delivery from 1993 through 2002 with 2000 US Census data. RESULTS: Rates of diagnoses for all hypertensive disorders combined and for preeclampsia individually were highest among Black women across all regions and neighborhood poverty levels. Although hospitalization rates for preeclampsia decreased over time for most groups, differences in rates between White and Black women increased over the 10-year period. The proportion of women living in poor areas remained relatively constant over the same period. Black and Hispanic women were more likely than White women to have a form of diabetes and were at higher risk of preeclampsia; preeclampsia rates were higher in these groups both with and without diabetes than in corresponding groups of White women. CONCLUSIONS: An increasing trend of racial/ethnic disparity in maternal hypertension rates occurred in New York State during the past decade. This trend was persistent after stratification according to SES and other risk factors. Additional research is needed to understand the factors contributing to this growing disparity.
Keap1-Nrf2 regulated redox signaling in utero: Priming of disease susceptibility in offspring.; Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia or intrauterine growth restriction alters the redox status of the developing fetus. Such pregnancy-related diseases in most cases do not have a readily identifiable genetic cause, and epigenetic 'priming' mechanisms in utero may predispose both mother and child to later-life onset of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The concept of 'fetal programing' or 'developmental priming' and its association with an increased risk of disease in childhood or adulthood has been reviewed extensively. This review focuses on adaptive changes in the in utero redox environment during normal pregnancy and the consequences of alterations in redox control associated with pregnancies characterized by oxidative stress. We evaluate the evidence that the Keap1-Nrf2 pathway is important for protecting the fetus against adverse conditions in utero and may itself be subject to epigenetic priming, potentially contributing to an increased risk of vascular disease and insulin resistance in later life.
Early Antenatal Prediction of Gestational Diabetes in Obese Women: Development of Prediction Tools for Targeted Intervention.; All obese women are categorised as being of equally high risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) whereas the majority do not develop the disorder. Lifestyle and pharmacological interventions in unselected obese pregnant women have been unsuccessful in preventing GDM. Our aim was to develop a prediction tool for early identification of obese women at high risk of GDM to facilitate targeted interventions in those most likely to benefit. Clinical and anthropometric data and non-fasting blood samples were obtained at 15+0-18+6 weeks' gestation in 1303 obese pregnant women from UPBEAT, a randomised controlled trial of a behavioural intervention. Twenty one candidate biomarkers associated with insulin resistance, and a targeted nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) metabolome were measured. Prediction models were constructed using stepwise logistic regression. Twenty six percent of women (n = 337) developed GDM (International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria). A model based on clinical and anthropometric variables (age, previous GDM, family history of type 2 diabetes, systolic blood pressure, sum of skinfold thicknesses, waist:height and neck:thigh ratios) provided an area under the curve of 0.71 (95%CI 0.68-0.74). This increased to 0.77 (95%CI 0.73-0.80) with addition of candidate biomarkers (random glucose, haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fructosamine, adiponectin, sex hormone binding globulin, triglycerides), but was not improved by addition of NMR metabolites (0.77; 95%CI 0.74-0.81). Clinically translatable models for GDM prediction including readily measurable variables e.g. mid-arm circumference, age, systolic blood pressure, HbA1c and adiponectin are described. Using a ≥35% risk threshold, all models identified a group of high risk obese women of whom approximately 50% (positive predictive value) later developed GDM, with a negative predictive value of 80%. Tools for early pregnancy identification of obese women at risk of GDM are described which could enable targeted interventions for GDM prevention in women who will benefit the most.
Genetic factors in common obstetric disorders.; Genetic research of disease has recently turned from individual genes for rare but highly penetrant diseases (like cystic fibrosis) to focus on common, multigene disorders with polygenic inheritance patterns, such as preterm labor, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, and thromboembolism. These conditions are characterized by multiple etiologies, chronicity, fetal involvement, adaptive clinical manifestations, and gene-environment interactions. As we understand genetic contributions to complex disease and build upon the genetic data and technology available, more effective and specific management and treatment options will become available for clinicians and their patients.
Spectrum of congenital anomalies in pregnancies with pregestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Maternal pregestational diabetes is a well-known risk factor for congenital anomalies. This study analyses the spectrum of congenital anomalies associated with maternal diabetes using data from a large European database for the population-based surveillance of congenital anomalies. METHODS: Data from 18 population-based EUROCAT registries of congenital anomalies in 1990-2005. All malformed cases occurring to mothers with pregestational diabetes (diabetes cases) were compared to all malformed cases in the same registry areas to mothers without diabetes (non-diabetes cases). RESULTS: There were 669 diabetes cases and 92,976 non diabetes cases. Odds ratios in diabetes pregnancies relative to non-diabetes pregnancies comparing each EUROCAT subgroup to all other non-chromosomal anomalies combined showed significantly increased odds ratios for neural tube defects (anencephaly and encephalocele, but not spina bifida) and several subgroups of congenital heart defects. Other subgroups with significantly increased odds ratios were anotia, omphalocele and bilateral renal agenesis. Frequency of hip dislocation was significantly lower among diabetes (odds ratio 0.15, 95% CI 0.05-0.39) than non-diabetes cases. Multiple congenital anomalies were present in 13.6 % of diabetes cases and 6.1 % of non-diabetes cases. The odds ratio for caudal regression sequence was very high (26.40,95% CI 8.98-77.64), but only 17% of all caudal regression cases resulted from a pregnancy with pregestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: The increased risk of congenital anomalies in pregnancies with pregestational diabetes is related to specific non-chromosomal congenital anomalies and multiple congenital anomalies and not a general increased risk.
Genetic liability to schizophrenia in Oceanic Palau: a search in the affected and maternal generation.; While liability to schizophrenia (Scz) is due to genetic and environmental factors, specific factors are largely unknown. We postulate a two-hit model for Scz, in which initial liability is generated during fetal brain development: this "hit" is precipitated by environmental stressors biologically interacting with maternal genetic vulnerability to the stress. Additional liability to Scz is generated by individual genetic vulnerability. To evaluate these putative levels of vulnerability, we search in the genome of both affected individuals and their mothers for variation that differs, statistically, from that in the general population. For parental analyses, mothers were treated as "affected," rather than their offspring, and the fathers were treated as "controls". We used a sample from the Palauan population: 175 individuals diagnosed with Scz, broadly defined; 87 mothers and 45 fathers of affected individuals. Pedigree and diagnostic data were available on 2,953 living and deceased subjects. DNA from 553 individuals was genotyped for short tandem repeats (STR) spaced approximately every 10 cM across the genome. We tested for association between affection status and STR alleles; such an approach was reasonable, despite the widely spaced markers, because this population has far-ranging linkage disequilibrium (LD). Results for the truly affected individuals were modest, whereas results from the maternal generation were promising. For a recessive model and a test for excess allele matching across mothers, significant findings occurred for D20S481, D10S1221, D6S1021, D13S317, and D18S976. Regions in which at least two adjacent markers produced substantial association statistics include 2p12-11.2, 2q24.1-32.1, 6q12-14.1, 10q23.2-24.21, 12q23.2-24.21 and 17q23.2-23.3.
Pathological features of the placenta in fetal death.; Few studies of the histopathological features of the placenta in cases of fetal death are available. We will describe the placental findings from 24 midtrimester spontaneous abortions and 54 stillborn infants of more than 28 weeks' gestation. In almost 100% of midtrimester abortions and in 48% of the placentas from stillborn infants of more than 28 weeks' gestation, chorioamnionitis, deciduitis, and/or villitis were present. Because of this very high percentage of lesions, which suggests an infectious causation, it is mandatory that studies be performed that might identify pathogens. One third of the stillborn infants of more than 28 weeks' gestation were associated with maternal complications (diabetes, preeclampsia, and urinary tract infection), in addition to placental fetal vasculopathy, ischemia, infarcts, and chorangiosis (villous capillary hyperplasia). We emphasize the use of the placenta for the recognition of maternal diabetes.
The impact of first trimester fasting glucose level on adverse perinatal outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of first trimester fasting glucose (FTFG) level on perinatal outcome. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of singleton deliveries. Maternal and neonatal outcome were compared between two groups-women with FTFG < 95 mg/dl and FTFG ≥ 95 mg/dl. Women with pre-gestational diabetes were excluded. RESULTS: Five thousand and thirty women met inclusion criteria. Of whom, 4644 (92.3%) had FTFG < 95 mg/dl and 386 (7.7%) had FTFG ≥ 95 mg/dl. Women with FTFG ≥ 95 mg/dl had higher rates of gestational hypertension (2.33 vs. 0.7%) and gestational diabetes (9.07 vs. 2.86%), p < 0.05 for both. Moreover, they had higher rates of cesarean delivery and arrest of descent, p < 0.05. Composite diabetes outcome was significantly higher among women with FTFG ≥ 95 mg/dl (8 vs. 3%, p = 0.002). After adjusting for potential confounders, composite diabetes outcome (aOR = 1.942 95% CI 1.265-2.981, p = 0.002) and gestational hypertension (aOR = 2.827 95% CI 1.295-6.175, p = 0.009) remained significantly higher in the FTFG ≥ 95 mg/dl group. CONCLUSION: FTFG ≥ 95 mg/dl is an independent risk factor for adverse perinatal outcome including gestational hypertension and diabetes-related complications.
Low risk of post-cesarean section infection in insulin-requiring diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine if insulin-requiring diabetic women undergoing nonelective cesarean section are at higher risk for postoperative infection than nondiabetic women. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Medical records of a cohort of insulin-requiring diabetic women who underwent cesarean section after labor or rupture of membranes and nondiabetic control subjects matched for age and insurance status were retrospectively reviewed. Data abstracted included maternal characteristics, antepartum, intrapartum, and postpartum events. RESULTS: Post-cesarean section infection including endometritis, wound infection, and septic pelvic thrombophlebitis occurred in 10.2% of 205 diabetic women and 12.1% of control subjects, in whom antibiotic prophylaxis was used in 79% of diabetic women and 84% of control subjects. Duration of rupture of membranes was a significant risk factor for post-cesarean section infection in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin-requiring diabetic women undergoing nonelective cesarean section with antimicrobial prophylaxis have a rate of postoperative infection similar to that for nondiabetic women.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation support for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant of a diabetic mother.; Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. These infants are typically asymptomatic, but may develop signs of poor cardiac output from left ventricular outflow tract obstruction. This case illustrates the successful use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation to support cardiac output in an infant of a diabetic mother with outflow tract obstruction until hypertrophy improved.
Stretch-induced compliance mechanism in pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy and the impact of cardiovascular risk factors.; Pressure overload-induced hypertrophy compromises cardiac stretch-induced compliance (SIC) after acute volume overload (AVO). We hypothesized that SIC could be enhanced by physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy's chronic volume overload. This study evaluated SIC-cardiac adaptation in pregnant women with or without cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors. Thirty-seven women (1st trimester, 1(st)T) and a separate group of 31 (3rd trimester, 3(rd)T) women [healthy or with CVR factors (obesity and/or hypertension and/or with gestational diabetes)] underwent echocardiography determination of left ventricular end-diastolic volume (LVEDV) and E/e' before (T0), immediately after (T1), and 15 min after (T2; SIC) AVO induced by passive leg elevation. Blood samples for NT-proBNP quantification were collected before and after the AVO. Acute leg elevation significantly increased inferior vena cava diameter and stroke volume from T0 to T1 in both 1(st)T and 3(rd)T, confirming AVO. LVEDV and E/e' also increased immediately after AVO (T1) in both 1(st)T and 3(rd)T. SIC adaptation (T2, 15 min after AVO) significantly decreased E/e' in both trimesters, with additional expansion of LVEDV only in the 1(st)T. NT-pro-BNP increased slightly after AVO but only in the 1(st)T. CVR factors, but not parity or age, significantly impacted SIC cardiac adaptation. A distinct functional response to SIC was observed between 1(st)T and 3(rd)T, which was influenced by CVR factors. The LV of 3(rd)T pregnant women was hypertrophied, showing a structural limitation to dilate with AVO, whereas the lower LV filling pressure values suggest increased diastolic compliance.NEW & NOTEWORTHY The sudden increase of volume overload triggers an acute myocardial stretch characterized by an immediate rise in contractility by the Frank-Starling mechanism, followed by a progressive increase known as the slow force response. The present study is the first to characterize echocardiographically the stretch-induced compliance (SIC) mechanism in the context of physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy. A distinct functional adaptation to SIC was observed between first and third trimesters, which was influenced by cardiovascular risk factors.
Intrauterine exposure to diabetes is a determinant of hemoglobin A(1)c and systolic blood pressure in pima Indian children.; CONTEXT/OBJECTIVE: Given the increasing rates of both childhood obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM), we investigated whether maternal diabetes status during pregnancy is a determinant of risk factors associated with T2DM or cardiovascular disease in offspring during childhood. DESIGN/PARTICIPANTS: Forty-two Pima Indians, aged 7-11 yr, were identified retrospectively from maternal oral glucose tolerance tests as offspring of a diabetic pregnancy (22 ODM, eight males, 14 females) or offspring born before the mother developed diabetes (20 PRE, 12 males, eight females). SETTING/MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Weight, height, body mass index, percent body fat, blood pressure, and fasting concentrations of glucose, insulin, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total cholesterol, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol were measured while staying in an in-patient clinical research unit and compared in cross-sectional analyses. RESULTS: After adjustment for age and gender, ODM had significantly higher concentrations of HbA1c (ODM = 5.7 +/- 0.4, PRE = 5.0 +/- 0.4%, P = 0.002), higher systolic (SBP) blood pressure (ODM = 118 +/- 13, PRE = 107 +/- 10 mm Hg; P = 0.02), and lower concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (ODM = 41 +/- 9, PRE = 48 +/- 6 mg/dl, P = 0.03) than PRE. Maternal diabetes status during pregnancy persisted as a significant determinant of SBP (beta = 7.50, P = 0.03) and HbA1c (beta = 0.43, P = 0.002), independent of age, gender, and percent body fat. CONCLUSION: Intrauterine exposure to diabetes is a significant determinant of higher SBP and HbA1c during childhood, independent of adiposity and a genetic predisposition to T2DM. These data suggest that in utero exposure to diabetes confers an additional independent risk for the development of T2DM and/or cardiovascular disease later in life.
Increased risk of ischaemic stroke among patients with multiple sclerosis.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Inflammatory processes including autoimmune diseases which ignite endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis may promote development of cardiovascular diseases including ischaemic stroke. This study aimed to evaluate whether multiple sclerosis (MS) increases stroke risk. METHODS: A national insurance claim data set of 22 million enrollees in Taiwan was used to identify 1174 patients with MS and 4696 randomly selected age- and gender-matched controls from 1 January 1997 to 31 December 2010. Both cohorts were followed up until the occurrence of stroke or censor. Relevant covariates, such as age, gender, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidaemia, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure and pregnancy, were included for further survey. The hazard ratio (HR) of stroke was assessed using a Cox proportional hazards regression model. RESULTS: After adjusting for the relevant covariates, the MS cohort had an increased risk of stroke (adjusted HR = 12.1 for 1 year; adjusted HR = 4.69 for 2-5 years) compared with the control cohort within 5 years of follow-up. Amongst participants without comorbidities, the MS cohort was still at a greater stroke risk than the control cohort [HR 4.93, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.85-8.55]. Moreover, in the population aged ≤40, MS was associated with a significantly increased risk of stroke (HR 12.7, 95% CI 3.44-46.7). CONCLUSIONS: Multiple sclerosis is declared to be associated with an increased risk in developing stroke, which requires closer attention to this group of patients for stroke prevention, especially in the younger population.
Burden of Anaemia, Hypertension and Diabetes among pregnant women in India.; Non-communicable Diseases such as anaemia, hypertension and diabetes and their treatment may upsurge the risk of childbirth-related complications for both women and their babies. The present study is an attempt to assess the level and determinants of Anaemia, Hypertension and Diabetes among pregnant women using the fourth round of National Family Health Survey-4 (2015-16) data. Bivariate and logistic regression techniques have been used for data analysis. Study findings suggest that the prevalence of anaemia among pregnant women was found to be 25.9%, whereas the corresponding figure for hypertension and diabetes were 4.4% and 2.4%, respectively. Further, substantial socio-economic differentials have been observed in the prevalence of Anaemia, Hypertension and Diabetes among pregnant women. Results of regression analysis suggest that anaemia and hypertension were significantly higher among women in their third trimester [(OR = 2.10; p < 0.001) and (OR = 1.63; p < 0.001)], respectively, compared to women in the first trimester. Similarly, pregnant women in the age group 35-49 were at an elevated risk of hypertension (OR = 2.78; p < 0.001)) and diabetes (OR = 2.50; p < 0.001)) compared to women aged 15-24. Further, the risk of anaemia was found to be significantly lower among pregnant women from the richest quintile (OR = 0.71; p < 0.001) and women with higher educational level (OR = 0.72; p < 0.001) when compared to women from the poorest wealth quintile and women with no formal education respectively. Similarly, pregnant women from the richest quintile (OR = 1.68; p < 0.001) and women from other religion (OR = 1.75; p < 0.001) are significantly more likely to develop diabetes compared to women from the poorest quintile and women from the Hindu religion, respectively. In conclusion, early screening for predicting the risk of gestational anaemia, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension is critical in minimizing maternal and reproductive outcomes. The existing guidelines for Screening and Management of Gestational Diabetes, Gestational Hypertension need to be contextualized and modified according to a local need for effective treatment.
Insulin therapy--role beyond glucose control.; Larger studies had shown improved patient outcome and lower probability of coronary artery disease in insulin treated groups. The classical lipid abnormalities associated with type 2 diabetes are low HDL-cholesterol concentration and high triglyceride concentration. Insulin usage leads to a decrease in triglyceride concentration, primarily by its effect on the enzyme adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase. Insulin suppresses the enzyme, thereby controlling lipolysis in uncontrolled diabetes. Insulins therapy also improves the endothelial dysfunction especially in people with evident macrovascular complications. Though insulin is noted to increase adrenergic tone and may cause elevation of blood pressure, still patients with insulinoma do not have high blood pressure. Some studies suggest weight gain with insulin therapy, others contradict it. One study suggests that insulin does not affect treatment satisfaction. Insulin is known to improve the glycaemic scenario and also the insulin secretory pattern by reducing the glucotoxicity.
Early uterine artery Doppler velocimetry and the outcome of pregnancy in women aged 35 years and older.; The objective of this paper was to determine whether first- and second-trimester uterine artery Doppler velocimetry are associated with pregnancy complications in women of advanced maternal age. A prospective cohort study of 352 women aged 35 years and older was studied. The pulsatility index (PI) values at 12-13 weeks of gestation were significantly associated with development of hypertensive disorders, a small-for-gestational-age infant and gestational diabetes, with a relative risk exceeding 4, 2 and 8, respectively for women with PI values in the highest quartile (> 1.67) of the PI distribution when compared with the lowest quartile of the PI distribution (< 1.24). At 23-27 weeks' gestation, uterine artery PI values were found to be associated with preterm delivery with a gestational age-adjusted risk of 10.6 for women with PI values in the highest quartile of PI (> 1.24) when compared with PI values in the lowest quartile of the PI distribution (< 1.09). No associations existed between uterine artery PI, antepartum hemorrhage and Cesarean section rate. The risk estimates for any of the outcome parameters were not affected by maternal age. Results indicate that hemodynamic changes detectable in the uterine artery as early as the first trimester of pregnancy are associated with an increased risk of hypertensive disorders, a small-for-gestational-age infant and gestational diabetes. A similar association exists in the late second trimester of pregnancy, with an increased risk of preterm delivery.
Pregnancy outcomes and the effect of metformin treatment in women with polycystic ovary syndrome: an overview.; This article is a review of the literature assessing pregnancy outcomes and the effect of metformin treatment among women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). A review of research published in English was undertaken using PubMed and MEDLINE databases. The weight of the available evidence suggests that pregnant women with PCOS are at an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth and early pregnancy loss. Obesity is a contributory factor for the increased risk of gestational diabetes in this group of women and is estimated to affect 5-40% of pregnant women with PCOS. The prevalence of other obstetric complications is estimated at 10-30% for gestational hypertension, 8-15% for pre-eclampsia and 6-15% for preterm birth. The association between PCOS and early pregnancy loss may not be direct, wherein the presence of PCOS-associated hyperinsulinemia, leading to hyperandrogenemia, has been implicated in the pathophysiology of early pregnancy loss. Apart from the role of metformin in improving the metabolic consequences accompanying PCOS, it has been shown to improve pregnancy rates in women with PCOS who are resistant to clomiphene citrate. In conclusion, pregnancy in women with PCOS is associated with adverse obstetric outcomes (multiple adverse obstetric risk). Whether metformin should be administered throughout pregnancy still remains controversial. Further prospective studies that foster a larger number of participants and adjust for all potentially confounding factors are needed.
Intrauterine effects of impaired lipid homeostasis in pregnancy diseases.; Lipids are crucial structural and bioactive components that sustain embryo, fetal and placental development and growth. Intrauterine development can be disturbed by several diseases that impair maternal lipid homeostasis and lead to abnormal lipid concentrations in the fetal circulation. Deficiency in essential fatty acids can lead to congenital malformations and visual and cognitive problems in the newborn. Either deficient mother-to-fetus lipid transfer or abnormal maternal- fetal lipid metabolism can cause fetal growth restriction. On the other hand, excessive mother-to-fetus fatty acid transfer can induce fetal overgrowth and lipid overacummulation in different fetal organs and tissues. The placenta plays a fundamental role in the transfer of lipid moieties to the fetal compartment and is affected by maternal diseases associated with impaired lipid homeostasis. Postnatal consequences may be evident in the neonatal period or later in life. Indeed, both defects and excess of different lipid species can lead to the intrauterine programming of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. This review summarizes the lipid impairments induced by different pathologies, including placental insufficiency, malnutrition, obesity and diabetes, and their consequent developmental defects.
[Management of neonates born to mothers with gestational diabetes: paediatric environment].; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the modalities of neonatal care for newborn from mother with gestational diabetes (GD) treated or not. METHODS: This study is based on Pubmed search and on NICE and HAS recommendations. RESULTS: There is no paediatric indication to organize the birth in a specialized structure, excepted in case of severe abnormality of the foetal growth, of severe malformation or of risk of prematurity. It is recommended to watch systematically the glycaemia of the newborn children of mother with GD treated by insulin or in case of macrosomia or growth restriction. The systematic surveillance of the glycaemia is not indicated at the child's of mother with GD treated by only diet and without abnormality of growth. The newborn should benefit from the usual surveillance of the neonatal icterus. The dosage of the calcemia and the realization of blood cells count are indicated according to the clinical signs. The realization of additional examinations in search of a cardiac, osseous or cerebral malformation must be directed according to the signs in the clinical examination. The indications of transfer of the newborn of mother with DG in neonatal unit are the same that for every newborn child. CONCLUSIONS: The newborn can be welcomed in the maternity of nearness except in case of prematurity, of severe malformations or of severe abnormality of the foetal growth. The care of the newborn of mother with DG, in particular for the prevention, the detection and the treatment of hypoglycaemias, will be improved by the existence of a protocol.
Development of metabolic systems.; In the normal adult rodent and primate, arcuate nucleus (ARH) neurons function as conduits for transmitting metabolic hormonal signals into the hypothalamic circuitry that modulates feeding and energy expenditure. We and others have shown that ARH projections do not fully develop until the 3rd postnatal week in the rodent. This is in stark contrast to the nonhuman primate (NHP) in which ARH projections develop during the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. This species difference suggests that maternal diet and health are likely key factors for the development of ARH projections in the primate, whereas the postnatal environment (i.e., diet) would be more important in the rodent. Furthermore, pertubations in these circuits during critical periods of development may have long-term consequences on feeding behavior and body weight management. Our group has used a rat model of overfeeding and underfeeding specifically during the postnatal period to begin to investigate the metabolic adaptions that may cause developmental abnormalities in the hypothalamic circuitry. While the overfed animals become obese as adults and the underfed maintain a lean phenotype, both models display low basal insulin and IGFII levels as adults. Furthermore, both models have abnormal expression of several key genes in peripheral metabolic tissue that are suggestive of changes in sympathetic outflow. Human studies show that gestational diabetes can also contribute to the development of obesity and diabetes in children; however, the mechanism is unknown. Since the critical periods for the development of hypothalamic circuits are different between rodents and primates our group has begun studies using NHP model to determine if maternal obesity/diabetes causes abnormalities in the development of metabolic systems, including the brain, in the offspring. To do this we have placed female NHPs on either a control diet or a high fat/calorie diet to induce obesity and diabetes. We have characterized the onset of insulin resistance and hyperleptinemia in these animals over the last 2(1/2) years and have collected offspring. Ongoing studies will investigate the metabolic abnormalities in these offspring.
The Effects of Maternal Obesity on Neonates, Infants, Children, Adolescents, and Adults.; With the increasing prevalence of obesity, including among women of childbearing age, there is increasing concern regarding the short-term and long-term effects on the offspring of women who are overweight and obese. In this paper we report the results of our review of the recent literature suggesting important adverse short-term and long-term consequences of maternal obesity on their children.
Season of delivery and risk of venous thromboembolism during hospitalization among pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Seasons were found to be related to the occurrences of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in hospitalized patients. No previous study has explored whether seasons were associated with VTE risk in pregnant women. This study aimed to investigate the relationships between the season of delivery and VTE risk during hospitalization among pregnant women. METHODS: This is a multi-center retrospective cohort study of pregnant women. Participants were those who delivered at seven designated sites in Hubei Province, China, during the period from January 2017 to December 2022. They were categorized according to their season/month of delivery. Information on new-onset VTE during hospitalization was followed. RESULTS: Approximately 0.28% (104/37,778) of the pregnant women developed new-onset VTE during hospitalization for delivery. After adjustment, compared with participants in the spring group, participants in the summer, autumn, and winter groups had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization. The ORs were 2.59 [1.30, 5.15], 2.83 [1.43, 5.60], and 2.35 [1.17, 4.75] for the summer, autumn, and winter groups, respectively. Pregnant women in the combined group (summer + autumn + winter) had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization than those in the spring group (OR, 2.59 [1.39, 4.85]). By restricting the analyses among pregnant women without in vitro fertilization, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm, the results still remained robust. Compared with participants who delivered in March, April, and May, participants who delivered in June, July, September, November, December, and February had a higher risk of VTE during hospitalization. CONCLUSION: This study demonstrated that pregnant women who delivered in summer, autumn, and winter had an increased VTE risk during hospitalization compared with those who delivered in spring.
Renal vein thrombosis in stillborn infant of diabetic mother.; A second rare autopsy case of renal vein thrombosis in a stillborn female infant of a diabetic mother and the first after oxytocin induction is reported. Correlative light and electron microscopic studies were conducted. Extensive thrombosis from main to small cortical branches of the left renal vein was encountered causing hemorrhagic infarction of the left kidney. Newly formed hemorrhagic infarction and thrombosis of several small veins in the cortex of the right kidney were discovered. Hyperplasia of the pancreatic islets of Langerhans was observed. The literature was reviewed and the pathogenesis and clinical aspects were discussed.
Decreased maternal serum magnesium concentration and adverse fetal outcome in insulin-dependent diabetic women.; Insulin-dependent diabetic pregnant women are at risk for magnesium deficiency, predominantly because of increased urinary magnesium losses. They also have a high incidence of spontaneous abortion, possibly related to major lethal malformations. We tested the hypothesis that adverse fetal outcome (fetal loss before 20 weeks' gestation and/or congenital major malformations) is related to magnesium status (as assessed by determining serum magnesium levels) in insulin-dependent diabetic pregnant women, even after sonographic documentation of fetal viability. Eighty-four insulin-dependent diabetic women (class B to RT) with 96 pregnancies were recruited prospectively in a program project. Serum magnesium and blood glycohemoglobin were measured at about nine weeks' gestation. Blood glycohemoglobin was higher (P = .039) and serum magnesium concentration lower (P = .05) in the 21 pregnancies that ended in adverse fetal outcome, compared with the other (75) successful pregnancies. When compared with the "successful pregnancy" group, blood glycohemoglobin was higher (P = .012) and serum magnesium lower (P = .037) in the subgroup of nine pregnancies with fetal cardiac activity present by ten weeks and ending in adverse fetal outcome, compared with the 64 equivalent pregnancies in the "successful" group. We speculate that decreased magnesium status may contribute to the high spontaneous abortion and malformation rate in insulin-dependent diabetic pregnant women.
Oral contraceptives: an update.; Despite continual improvement in oral contraceptive formulations, many women still have unwarranted concerns about their safety and remain ignorant of their nonreproductive health benefits. The need for a reliable method of contraception is the greatest among adolescents and women older than 35 years--the two groups in the United States with the highest abortion rates.
Three infants of diabetic mothers with malformations of left-right asymmetry--further evidence for the aetiological role of diabetes in this malformation spectrum.; We report three babies with malformations of left-right asymmetry who were born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. One infant had left isomerism and asplenia, one had polysplenia, and the third baby had situs inversus with a neural tube defect. Defects of left-right asymmetry have not previously been well recognized as part of the spectrum of anomalies associated with maternal diabetes. We believe that the association of maternal diabetes with these malformations in the infants is not coincidental, and that diabetes mellitus has an aetiological role in this spectrum of abnormalities. Two of the mothers had elevated HbA1C levels in pregnancy, and thus the malformations may be due to poor glycaemic control, although other teratogenic mechanisms associated with diabetes cannot be excluded. Finally, to our knowledge, the finding of left isomerism with asplenia (part of the spectrum of right isomerism) is rare. The occurrence of both forms of isomerism in different parts of the same body supports the model of random development of laterality following the interruption of normal developmental processes.
Severe preeclampsia-eclampsia in young primigravid women: subsequent pregnancy outcome and remote prognosis.; The purpose of this report is to compare subsequent pregnancy outcome and incidence of chronic hypertension and diabetes on follow-up in two groups of patients. Group 1 included 406 young women who had severe preeclampsia-eclampsia in their first pregnancies. Group 2 consisted of 409 young, well-matched women who remained normotensive during their first pregnancies. All patients were followed up for a minimum of 2 years (range 2 to 24). The preeclamptic-eclamptic group had a higher incidence of preeclampsia in their second pregnancies (46.8% versus 7.6%, p less than 0.0001) and in subsequent pregnancies (20.7% versus 7.7%, p less than 0.001) when compared with the normotensive group. The overall incidence of chronic hypertension was significantly higher in the preeclamptic-eclamptic group (14.8% versus 5.6%, p less than 0.001). Most of the difference occurred in patients followed up greater than or equal to 10 years. Within the preeclamptic-eclamptic group, patients having preeclampsia-eclampsia at less than or equal to 30 weeks' gestation and those having recurrent preeclampsia in their second pregnancies had a significantly higher incidence of subsequent chronic hypertension (p less than 0.001) than was found in the other patients. Within the normotensive group, patients remaining normotensive in subsequent pregnancies had the lowest incidence of chronic hypertension.
[Blood pressure in neonates born from pregnancies complicated by diabetes].; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes is one of the most frequent metabolic disorders that may be influenced by and occur during pregnancy. Hypertension is frequently associated with a diabetes and, as well as diabetes, is considered to be one of the risk factors of the cardiovascular and the renal disease. Diabetes during a pregnancy may predispose fetus, and therefore neonate, to develop several metabolic abnormalities. Abnormalities observed after delivery are primarily due to disregulated glucose homeostasis and are considered as indices of pregnant glycemic status. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 44 neonates (28 boys and 16 girls) from pregnancies complicated by the diabetes (12 from pregnancy in course of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus diagnosed before the conception) were included into the study. During first day of life all newborns have blood pressure evaluated (Korotkoff's method; automated measurements using Vital Signs Dinamap Plus (Criticon Inc., USA)). After each blood pressure measurement the capillary blood glucose evaluation was performed (GlucoStix, Bayer GmbH, Germany). RESULTS: We found statistically significant differences between IDDM and GDM neonates in blood glucose concentration at 1/2 and 2 hours after delivery. In all measurements the mean results of systolic blood pressure were higher in IDDM than GDM group, however the difference did not reach significance level. When comparing mean arterial blood pressure significant difference was observed at 18 hour after birth. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSIONS: We did not find significantly higher blood pressure in neonates born from IDDM complicated pregnancies (apart from mean arterial blood pressure in one measurement). Mean values of blood pressure in IDDM group were however higher than in GDM group. It may be a signal of improper tendency of the arterial blood pressure stabilization which may require additional studies.
Outcome of preterm infants born to overweight and obese mothers†.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate perinatal morbidity and mortality among preterm neonates who were born to overweight and obese mothers compared to preterm neonates who were born to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI). METHODS: Retrospective recordings of medical charts of 110 preterm infants born to overweight (n = 68) and obese (n = 42) mothers at gestational age (GA) 28-34 weeks, as well as 110 controls matched for GA and birth weight. All infants were born at the Sheba Medical Center between 2007 and 2014. Data regarding maternal pre-pregnancy weight and height were recorded, as well as maternal and neonatal complications and feeding methods. RESULTS: Obese mothers had more pregnancy-induced hypertension (52.4% versus 21.4%, p = 0.006) and caesarean section deliveries (81% versus 52.4%, p = 0.018). Overweight mothers had more gestational diabetes (20.6% versus 2.9%, p = 0.001). The study and control groups were similar on all neonatal outcome parameters. No differences between the groups were recorded throughout hospitalization with respect to Apgar score, respiratory distress and support, hypotension, cardiac manifestations, brain pathologies, infection, feeding type and total hospitalization days. CONCLUSIONS: Although the maternal complications are greater among obese and overweight women, it seems that preterm infants born to these women are not at increased risk for neonatal complications.
Normal auditory brain stem evoked responses in infants of diabetic mothers.; Auditory brain stem responses potentials were recorded from 71 newborns within the first 2 weeks after birth; conceptional age ranged from 37 to 41 weeks. Thirty-nine newborns were infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) (17 White A, 22 White B-D) and 32 healthy term newborns served as control group. IDMs with additional high risk for cochlear or brain stem integrity were excluded. Birthweight for gestational age was significantly higher for IDMs. No differences in auditory brain stem responses wave latencies or amplitudes were observed between healthy infants of the control group and IDMs.
Electrophysiologic evidence of impaired cross-modal recognition memory in 8-month-old infants of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVES: Previous studies have shown deficits in auditory and visual recognition memory in infants of diabetic mothers. The purpose of this study was to further investigate memory development in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) by evaluating cross-modal recognition memory followed by behavioral memory testing at 8 months of age. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-modal (tactile to vision) recognition memory was evaluated using event related potentials. Control and IDMs palpated an object without seeing it and were then tested on their ability to recognize that object visually. Infants were then tested behaviorally on their ability to recognize and discriminate faces. The Bayley Scales of Infant Development was administered at 12 months of age. RESULTS: Control infants showed typical event-related potential patterns indicative of intact cross-modal recognition memory, whereas the IDMs did not show any evidence of recognition of the palpated object. Neither group showed behavioral evidence of visual recognition memory. Both groups had Bayley scores in the normal range, although controls had slightly higher mental development index scores than IDMs. CONCLUSIONS: IDMs showed neurophysiologic evidence of persistent subtle impairments in hippocampally-based recognition memory, despite having normal one-year developmental scores.
Prescribing Exercise and Lifestyle Training for High Risk Women in Pregnancy and Early Post-partum-Is It Worth It?; In a Perspective, Jane Norman and Rebecca Reynolds discuss two randomized controlled trials aimed at testing behavioral interventions for women at risk of gestational diabetes.
In utero exposure to maternal diabetes exacerbates dietary sodium intake-induced endothelial dysfunction by activating cyclooxygenase 2-derived prostanoids.; Prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes has been recognized as a significant cardiovascular risk factor, increasing the susceptibility to the emergence of conditions such as high blood pressure, atherosclerosis, and heart disease in later stages of life. However, it is unclear if offspring exposed to diabetes in utero have worse vascular outcomes on a high-salt (HS) diet. To test the hypothesis that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, we treated adult male wild-type offspring (DM_Exp, 6 mo old) of diabetic Ins2(+/C96Y) mice (Akita mice) with HS (8% sodium chloride, 10 days) and analyzed endothelial function via wire myograph and cyclooxygenase (COX)-derived prostanoids pathway by ELISA, quantitative PCR, and immunochemistry. On a regular diet, DM_Exp mice did not manifest any vascular dysfunction, remodeling, or inflammation. However, HS increased aortic contractility to phenylephrine and induced endothelial dysfunction (analyzed by acetylcholine-induced endothelium-dependent relaxation), vascular hydrogen peroxide production, COX2 expression, and prostaglandin E(2) (PGE(2)) overproduction. Interestingly, ex vivo antioxidant treatment (tempol) or COX1/2 (indomethacin) or COX2 (NS398) inhibitors improved or reverted the endothelial dysfunction in DM_Exp mice fed a HS diet. Finally, DM_Exp mice fed with HS exhibited greater circulating cytokines and chemokines accompanied by vascular inflammation. In summary, our findings indicate that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, primarily through the induction of oxidative stress and the generation of COX2-derived PGE(2). This supports the concept that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes is a cardiovascular risk factor in adulthood.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Using a unique mouse model of prenatal exposure to maternal type 1 diabetes, our study demonstrates the novel observation that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes results in a predisposition to high-salt (HS) dietary-induced vascular dysfunction and inflammation in adulthood. Mechanistically, we demonstrated that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes and HS intake induces vascular oxidative stress, cyclooxygenase-derived prostaglandin E(2), and inflammation.
Association of vaginal delivery efforts with retinal disease in women with type I diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the second stage of labor affects the progression of retinopathy in women with type I diabetes mellitus (DM). RESEARCH AND DESIGN: The study is a secondary analysis of 192 pregnant women with type I DM who participated in an interdisciplinary diabetes in pregnancy intervention program between 1978 and 1993. Evaluation for diabetic retinopathy (DR) was performed each trimester and 6-12 weeks postpartum by the same two ophthalmologists. Women were divided into three groups: (i) elective cesarean delivery (n = 60), (ii) cesarean delivery prior to the second stage of labor (n = 69) and (iii) vaginal or cesarean delivery in the second stage (n = 63). Progression of DR during pregnancy and between pregnancy and postpartum was compared among the groups. RESULTS: Maternal demographics, glycemic control and pregnancy complications were similar among groups. Progression of retinopathy from early and late pregnancy to postpartum did not differ between the three groups. CONCLUSION: With close follow-up and good glycemic control, expulsive efforts in the second stage of labor do not affect the progression of retinopathy in women with type I DM. Our data support the premise that pregnant women with type I DM and stable retinopathy should not be denied vaginal delivery, if otherwise not contraindicated.
Metabolic syndrome: screening, diagnosis, and management.; Metabolic syndrome, a growing issue in women's health, is a cluster of health findings that increase the risk of cardiovascular events. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is higher in women and is linked to several conditions unique to women's health, including polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and female sexual dysfunction. Risk factors, screening strategies, and therapeutic management of metabolic syndrome in women are discussed.
The Effectiveness of Smoking Cessation, Alcohol Reduction, Diet and Physical Activity Interventions in Improving Maternal and Infant Health Outcomes: A Systematic Review of Meta-Analyses.; Diet, physical activity, smoking and alcohol behaviour-change interventions delivered in pregnancy aim to prevent adverse pregnancy outcomes. This review reports a synthesis of evidence from meta-analyses on the effectiveness of interventions at reducing risk of adverse health outcomes. Sixty-five systematic reviews (63 diet and physical activity; 2 smoking) reporting 602 meta-analyses, published since 2011, were identified; no data were identified for alcohol interventions. A wide range of outcomes were reported, including gestational weight gain, hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes (GDM) and fetal growth. There was consistent evidence from diet and physical activity interventions for a significantly reduced mean gestational weight gain (ranging from -0.21 kg (95% confidence interval -0.34, -0.08) to -5.77 kg (95% CI -9.34, -2.21). There was evidence from larger diet and physical activity meta-analyses for a significant reduction in postnatal weight retention, caesarean delivery, preeclampsia, hypertension, GDM and preterm delivery, and for smoking interventions to significantly increase birth weight. There was no statistically significant evidence of interventions having an effect on low or high birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, Apgar score or mortality outcomes. Priority areas for future research to capitalise on pregnancy as an opportunity to improve the lifelong wellbeing of women and their children are highlighted.
Transient otoacoustic emissions in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Nursing infants of diabetic mothers require special care. AIM: To verify whether the metabolic alteration during pregnancy is able to alter the cochlear function and the efferent olivocochlear system. METHOD: Transient otoacoustic emissions of 30 children of diabetic mothers were analyzed, comparing the results to a control group, according to the occurrence and amplitude of the responses. RESULT: The children of diabetic mothers presented contractile activity of the outer hair cells with a lower response amplitude. CONCLUSION: The results did not show a statistically significant difference. Further studies with larger samples are necessary.
Women and omega-3 Fatty acids.; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FA) are constituents of the membranes of all cells in the body and are precursors of locally produced hormones, eicosanoids, which are important in the prevention and treatment of various diseases, especially in women. Omega-3 FA are of interest in some of the most common conditions affecting women. One mechanism underlying dysmenorrhea is a disturbed balance between antiinflammatory, vasodilator eicosanoids derived from omega-3 FA and proinflammatory, vasoconstrictor eicosanoids derived from omega-6 FA. Increased intake of omega-3 FA can reverse the symptoms in this condition by decreasing the amount of omega-6 FA in cell membranes. An increased prostacyclin/thromboxane ratio induced by omega-3 FA can facilitate pregnancy in women with infertility problems by increasing uterine blood flow. Supplementation with omega-3 FA during pregnancy lowers the risk of premature birth and can increase the length of pregnancy and birth weight by altering the balance of eicosanoids involved in labor and promote fetal growth by improving placental blood flow. Intake of omega-3 FA during pregnancy and breast feeding may facilitate the child's brain development. There is also some evidence that supplementation with omega-3 FA might help to prevent preeclampsia, postpartum depression, menopausal problems, postmenopausal osteoporosis, and breast cancer. Furthermore, because elevated triglyceride levels are associated with cardiovascular disease, especially in women; and because omega-3 FA have powerful effects on triglycerides, women in particular gain from an increased intake of these fatty acids. This is especially important in women receiving hormone therapy, which can increase triglyceride levels. The quality of the omega-3 FA preparation is important. It should have an appropriate antioxidant content not to induce lipid peroxidation, and its content of dioxin and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) should be well below the established safe limit.
Placental Inositol Reduced in Gestational Diabetes as Glucose Alters Inositol Transporters and IMPA1 Enzyme Expression.; CONTEXT: Perturbed inositol physiology in insulin-resistant conditions has led to proposals of inositol supplementation for gestational diabetes (GDM) prevention, but placental inositol biology is poorly understood. OBJECTIVE: Investigate associations of maternal glycemia with placental inositol content, determine glucose effects on placental expression of inositol enzymes and transporters, and examine relations with birthweight. DESIGN AND PARTICIPANTS: Case-control study of placentae from term singleton pregnancies (GDM n = 24, non-GDM n = 26), and culture of another 9 placentae in different concentrations of glucose and myo-inositol for 48 hours. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Placental inositol was quantified by the Megazyme assay. Relative expression of enzymes involved in myo-inositol metabolism and plasma membrane inositol transport was determined by quantitative RT-PCR and immunoblotting. Linear regression analyses were adjusted for maternal age, body mass index, ethnicity, gestational age, and sex. RESULTS: Placental inositol content was 17% lower in GDM compared with non-GDM. Higher maternal mid-gestation glycemia were associated with lower placental inositol. Increasing fasting glycemia was associated with lower protein levels of the myo-inositol synthesis enzyme, IMPA1, and the inositol transporters, SLC5A11 and SLC2A13, the expression of which also correlated with placental inositol content. In vitro, higher glucose concentrations reduced IMPA1 and SLC5A11 mRNA expression. Increasing fasting glycemia positively associated with customized birthweight percentile as expected in cases with low placental inositol, but this association was attenuated with high placental inositol. CONCLUSION: Glycemia-induced dysregulation of placental inositol synthesis and transport may be implicated in reduced placental inositol content in GDM, and this may in turn be permissive to accelerated fetal growth.
Benign extra-axial collections of infancy.; The clinical histories, physical examinations and results of head computed tomography and head ultrasound scans were reviewed in a group of 15 infants who had macrocrania, excessive extra-axial fluid and normal development. Diagnostic evaluations demonstrated mild ventriculomegaly and extra-axial fluid collections. No treatment was undertaken. All infants continued to exhibit normal development during a period of extended follow-up. In this select group of infants exhibiting these findings, treatment appears to be unnecessary and the prognosis for continued normal development is excellent.
Association between obesity in women with polycystic ovary syndrome and adverse obstetric outcomes.; RESEARCH QUESTION: How does the presence of obesity modify the risks for adverse obstetric outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? DESIGN: Retrospective population-based cohort study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample, 2004-2014. A total of 14,855 women with PCOS were identified (study group: obese women with PCOS [BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)] [n = 3286]; reference group: remaining women with PCOS [n =11 569]). Logistic regression analysis was used to explore the associations between obesity, pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: Obesity was associated with a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension (P < 0.001), pregestational diabetes (P < 0.001) and a previous caesarean delivery (P < 0.001). Obesity increased the risk of gestational diabetes (adjusted [a]OR 1.745; 95% CI 1.473 to 2.067), pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR1.889; 95% CI 1.589 to 2.246), gestational hypertension (aOR 1.555; 95% CI 1.219 to 1.983) and preeclampsia (aOR 2.170; 95% CI 1.683 to 2.798). Maternal obesity in PCOS increased the risk of chorioamnionitis (aOR 1.548; 95% CI 1.072 to 2.235) and caesarean delivery (aOR 1.414; 95% CI 1.210 to 1.653) and decreased the likelihood of a spontaneous vaginal delivery (aOR 0.751; 95% CI 0.644 to 0.876). Infants born to obese mothers with PCOS were not more likely to be SGA (aOR 0.775; 95% CI 0.511 to 1.175) or to have congenital anomalies (aOR 0.849; 95% CI 0.483 to 1.490). CONCLUSION: In women with PCOS, obesity increases the risk of specific pregnancy and delivery complications.
Impact of Vitamin D Replacement on Markers of Glucose Metabolism and Cardio-Metabolic Risk in Women with Former Gestational Diabetes--A Double-Blind, Randomized Controlled Trial.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and vitamin D deficiency are related to insulin resistance and impaired beta cell function, with heightened risk for future development of diabetes. We evaluated the impact of vitamin D supplementation on markers of glucose metabolism and cardio metabolic risk in Asian women with former GDM and hypovitaminosis D. In this double blind, randomized controlled trial, 26 participants were randomized to receive either daily 4000 IU vitamin D3 or placebo capsules. 75 g Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) and biochemistry profiles were performed at baseline and 6 month visits. Mathematical models, using serial glucose, insulin and C peptide measurements from OGTT, were employed to calculate insulin sensitivity and beta cell function. Thirty three (76%) women with former GDM screened had vitamin D level of <50 nmol/L at baseline. Supplementation, when compared with placebo, resulted in increased vitamin D level (+51.1 nmol/L vs 0.2 nmol/L, p<0.001) and increased fasting insulin (+20% vs 18%, p = 0.034). The vitamin D group also demonstrated a 30% improvement in disposition index and an absolute 0.2% (2 mmol/mol) reduction in HbA1c. There was no clear change in insulin sensitivity or markers of cardio metabolic risk. This study highlighted high prevalence of vitamin D deficiency among Asian women with former GDM. Six months supplementation with 4000 IU of vitamin D3 safely restored the vitamin D level, improved basal pancreatic beta-cell function and ameliorated the metabolic state. There was no effect on markers of cardio metabolic risk. Further mechanistic studies exploring the role of vitamin D supplementation on glucose homeostasis among different ethnicities may be needed to better inform future recommendations for these women with former GDM at high risk of both hypovitaminosis D and future diabetes.
Effects of hypoglycaemia on fetal heart activity and umbilical artery Doppler velocity waveforms in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of induced hypoglycaemia on fetal wellbeing as indicated by fetal heart rate and umbilical artery flow velocity waveforms. DESIGN: A prospective experimental investigation. SETTING: High risk pregnancy unit and diabetes research unit at Karolinska Institutet, Danderyd Hospital, a university affiliated hospital. PARTICIPANTS: Ten women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy. INTERVENTIONS: The fetal heart rate, the blood flow velocity waveforms in the umbilical artery and the maternal catecholamine levels were investigated during a 150-minute hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemic clamp with induction and maintenance of an arterial blood glucose level of about 2.2 mmol/l. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: 1. Fetal: changes of fetal heart rate pattern and pulsatility index of the umbilical artery flow velocity waveforms. 2. Maternal: levels of plasma adrenaline and plasma noradrenaline. RESULTS: Maternal hypoglycaemia was associated with an increase in frequency and amplitude of fetal heart rate accelerations, a slight decrease in the pulsatility index of the umbilical artery and a rise in the maternal catecholamine levels. CONCLUSIONS: We speculate that the increased number of fetal heart rate accelerations reflects an increased sympathico-adrenal activity during the hypoglycaemia clamp. No potentially harmful effects on the fetus were observed in the fetal heart rate or in the umbilical artery Doppler waveform analysis during hypoglycaemia.
Programming of the endocrine pancreas by the early nutritional environment.; A substantial body of evidence now suggests that poor intrauterine milieu elicited by maternal nutritional disturbance or placental insufficiency may programme susceptibility in the foetus to later develop chronic degenerative diseases, such as obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. Further data showing the developmental programming of the metabolic syndrome are now available thanks to animal studies in which the foetal environment has been manipulated. This review examines the developmental programming of glucose intolerance by disturbed intrauterine metabolic condition in rats. It focuses on the alteration of the endocrine pancreas at birth. Long-term consequences, deterioration of glucose tolerance and even transgenerational effects are reported. Maternal protein, caloric restriction and diabetes during gestation/lactation lead to altered beta-cell mass. This review also tempts to identify cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in this process.
Factors influencing the obstetric and perinatal outcome after oocyte donation.; BACKGROUND: We evaluated interactions between perinatal outcome after oocyte donation and various maternal factors. METHODS: The study included 134 parturients after oocyte donation. Data were collected from medical files and personal interviews. Stepwise logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate associations between perinatal outcomes and selected maternal variables. RESULTS: Fifty percent of the women were >43 years old, 30.6% were >45 years and 67.9% were nulliparous. The rates of pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes and first and second trimester vaginal bleeding (STB) were 27.6, 23.9, 43.3 and 6% respectively, while 72% had Caesarean deliveries. The rates of preterm (PD), low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA) deliveries and major malformations were respectively 14.9, 14.9, 7.6 and 2.2%. Using a logistic regression, PD was significantly associated with PIH, STB and maternal smoking. LBW deliveries were significantly associated with PIH, STB, nulliparity and maternal smoking. SGA babies were significantly associated with PIH. These perinatal outcomes were not associated with advanced maternal age or ovarian failure. CONCLUSIONS: There is a high risk of obstetric complications in singleton oocyte donation pregnancies, but the perinatal outcomes are favourable. Patients should be counselled about these risks and monitored for these complications during pregnancy.
Enhancement of endothelial function by pregnancy: inadequate response in women with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes have a substantially increased risk of vascular complications. Our aim was to study vascular function and metabolic and inflammatory risk factors during the antenatal and postpartum periods in women with type 1 diabetes compared with healthy control subjects. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 15 women with diabetes and 30 control subjects were recruited in the third trimester of pregnancy. Of these women, 9 case subjects and 16 control subjects were reinvestigated in the postnatal period. Blood samples were collected and microvascular skin perfusion was assessed in vivo using laser Doppler imaging and iontophoretic administration of endothelial-dependent (acetylcholine [ACH]) and endothelial-independent (sodium nitroprusside [SNP]) vasodilators. RESULTS: Microvascular responses in both control subjects (ACH, P = 0.018; SNP, P = 0.01) and diabetic women (ACH, P = 0.029; SNP, P = 0.105) were better during pregnancy than in the postnatal period, although responses in women with diabetes were significantly inferior to those in control subjects during both periods (all P < 0.001, two-way ANOVA). This dysfunction existed despite similar lipoprotein profiles. The difference in vascular responsivity between case and control subjects was significantly attenuated by adjustment for differences in HbA(1c) but not C-reactive protein concentrations in the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy enhances microvascular function, but in women with diabetes, such improvements are insufficient to attain responses seen in healthy nonpregnant women. This suggests a persistent vascular defect in young women with type 1 diabetes that may contribute to adverse pregnancy outcome. Our data suggest a role for the chronic effects of hyperglycemia in the impaired vascular responsiveness in such women.
[The importance of the radioimmunologic study of the impairment of insulin secretion as an atherogenic factor].; Using a radioimmunoassay a low C-peptide fasting level was revealed in children, pregnant and lying-in women as well as in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. After breakfast and insulin administration with curative purposes the IRI concentration in children increased whereas the C-peptide level changed insignificantly. Changes of the insulin secretion were more noticeable in severe diabetes mellitus with vascular complications and in disease decompensation. The atherogenic nature of the lipid metabolism (an increase in the cholesterol, triglyceride and beta-lipoprotein levels), changes in the liver and a tendency to vascular involvement are the results of insulin effect inadequacy. Such metabolic derangements in pregnant women create unfavorable conditions for the development of fetus and may lead to early atherogenic processes.
Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes: Impact on arterial wall layer thickness and stiffness in early childhood - RADIEL study six-year follow-up.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and maternal obesity are linked to weight gain in childhood and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. We assessed the effects of GDM and maternal obesity on arterial function and morphology in relation to body anthropometrics and composition in early childhood. METHODS: We assessed body size and composition, blood pressure (BP), arterial morphology and stiffness in 201 pairs of obese mothers (pre-pregnancy BMI 30.7 ± 5.6 kg/m(2), 96 with GDM) and their children at 6.1 years (SD 0.5). RESULTS: Child BMI (z-score 0.45 ± 0.92; p < 0.001) and common carotid intima-media thickness (IMT, z-score 0.15 ± 0.75, p = 0.003) were increased compared with a healthy Finnish reference population. No associations with maternal GDM was found. Carotid IMT and pulse wave velocity were unrelated to child sex, anthropometrics, body composition, BP, as well as maternal anthropometrics and body composition. Carotid stiffness was independently predicted by second trimester fasting glucose. Child lean body mass was the strongest independent predictor for radial (RA), and brachial artery (BA) lumen diameter (LD) and BA IMT (LD: RA: r(2) = 0.068, p < 0.001; BA: r(2) = 0.108, p < 0.001; IMT: BA: r(2) = 0.161, p < 0.001) and carotid LD (r(2) = 0.066, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Children of obese mothers have increased BMI, blood pressure and carotid IMT suggesting a transgenerational effect of maternal obesity and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors in the population. Arterial dimensions were mainly predicted by child LBM, and not associated with maternal or child adiposity, or GDM. There was a weak association with maternal gestational fasting glucose and increased carotid artery stiffness.
Risk factors for potential pulmonary embolism in the patients with deep venous thrombosis: a retrospective study.; INTRODUCTION: The risk factors for the detachment of big thrombi from the vessel wall in patients with deep venous thrombosis (DVT) are still not clear, which are potential risks for pulmonary embolism (PE). This study was aimed to identify the risk factors for big thrombi detaching from the vessel wall in the patients with lower extremity DVT and to identify the role of the lower limb immobilization. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the patients whose inferior vena cava (IVC) filter were removed in our hospital. Baseline data and clinical characteristics of all patients were reviewed, including hypertension, diabetes, D-dimer, the onset site of the thrombus, major surgery and lower limb immobilization. The size of the thrombus in the removed IVC filter was assessed by digital subtraction angiography. The thrombus above 1 cm in diameter was defined as potential thrombus of PE and the thrombus below 1 cm as non-potential thrombus of PE. The characteristics and potential risk factors of the patients with potential thrombus of PE were compared with those with non-potential thrombus of PE. Independent risk factors were further analyzed using multivariable regression analyses. RESULTS: Three hundred and forty-nine patients were included in the study. There is no significant difference in age, gender, hypertension, diabetes, D-dimer, or the thrombus site between the two groups. Major surgery and mobile lower limb were independent risk factors for potential thrombus of PE. CONCLUSION: The results suggested that major surgery and mobile lower limb were independent risk factors for potential thrombus of PE in patients with DVT. Immobilization of lower limb might play a protective role in preventing big thrombi from detaching from the vessel wall in patients with DVT.
Maternal and fetal outcomes of pancreatitis in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: This study examined maternal and neonatal outcomes that are associated with pancreatitis in pregnancy, in particular preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of all singleton nonanomalous pregnancies in California from 2005-2008 with an identification of all cases of pancreatitis. Outcomes of interest included preeclampsia, intrauterine fetal death, preterm delivery, and neonatal or infant death. Univariate and multivariable analyses were then conducted to examine the association of pancreatitis in pregnancy and maternal characteristics and fetal outcomes. RESULTS: Our cohort of 2,039,870 pregnant women included 342 women (0.017%) with pancreatitis. Pancreatitis in pregnancy was not associated significantly with neonatal or infant death. When assessing fetal outcomes, pancreatitis was associated with preterm delivery, small for gestational age, jaundice, respiratory distress syndrome, and intrauterine fetal death (P < .001). Of note, pregnancy-associated pancreatitis was found to be associated with preeclampsia and severe preeclampsia in both univariate (P < .001) and multivariate analysis after we controlled for potential confounders (odds ratio, 4.21 [95% confidence interval, 2.99-5.93]; odds ratio, 7.85 [95% confidence interval, 5.03-12.24], respectively). CONCLUSION: We found that pancreatitis in pregnancy was associated with several adverse maternal outcomes; in particular, a strong association existed with preeclampsia, which has its own implications and complications surrounding pregnancy management. Pancreatitis in pregnancy was also associated with increased risk for preterm delivery but not neonatal or infant death, which is consistent with the literature.
Effect of frozen/thawed embryo transfer on birthweight, macrosomia, and low birthweight rates in US singleton infants.; BACKGROUND: Singleton infants conceived using assisted reproductive technology have lower average birthweights than naturally conceived infants and are more likely to be born low birthweight (<2500 gr). Lower birthweights are associated with increased infant and child mortality and poor adult health outcomes, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Data from registry and single-center studies suggest that frozen/thawed embryo transfer may be associated with larger birthweights. To date, however, a nationwide, full-population study on United States infants born using frozen/thawed embryo transfer has not been reported. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to compare the effect of frozen/thawed vs fresh embryo transfer on birthweight outcomes for singleton, term infants conceived using in vitro fertilization in the United States between 2007 and 2014, including average birthweight and the risks of both macrosomia (>4000 g) and low birthweight (<2500 g). STUDY DESIGN: We used data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Assisted Reproductive Technology Surveillance System to compare birthweight outcomes of live-born singleton, autologous oocyte, term (37-43 weeks) infants. Generalized linear models for all infants and stratified by infant sex were used to assess the relationship between frozen/thawed embryo transfer and birthweight, in grams. Infertility diagnosis, year of treatment, maternal age, maternal obstetric history, maternal and paternal race, and infant gestational age and sex were included in the models. Missing race data were imputed. The adjusted relative risks for macrosomia and low birthweight were evaluated using multivariable predicted marginal proportions from logistic regression models. RESULTS: In total, 180,184 singleton, term infants were included, with 55,898 (31.02%) having been conceived from frozen/thawed embryos. Frozen/thawed embryo transfer was associated with, on average, a 142 g increase in birthweight compared with infants born after fresh embryo transfer (P < .001). An interaction between infant sex and embryo transfer type was significant (P < .0001), with frozen/thawed embryo transfer having a larger effect on male infants by 16 g. The adjusted risk of a macrosomic infant was 1.70 times higher (95% confidence interval, 1.64-1.76) following frozen/thawed embryo transfer than fresh embryo transfer. However, adjusted risk of low birthweight following frozen/thawed embryo transfer was 0.52 (95% confidence interval, 0.48-0.56) compared with fresh embryo transfer. CONCLUSION: Frozen/thawed embryo transfer, in comparison with fresh embryo transfer, was associated with increased average birthweight in singleton, autologous oocytes, term infants born in the United States, with a significant interaction between frozen/thawed embryo transfer and infant sex. The risk of macrosomia following frozen/thawed embryo transfer was greater than that following fresh embryo transfer, but the risk of low birthweight among frozen/thawed embryo transfer infants was significantly decreased in comparison with fresh embryo transfer infants.
Endocrinology During Pregnancy.; Disequilibrium of hormonal intercommunication between the maternal brain and the developing fetal-placental unit increases morbidity and mortality risk for the mother-baby dyad. As a novel yet temporary endocrine organ, the placenta serves as a physical and immunologic barrier that facilitates exchange of nutrients and elimination of fetal waste. Steroid and peptide-based hormones secreted by the placenta and other neuroendocrine organs induce adaptations in maternal physiology accommodating fetal growth and development and enabling lactation postpartum. Human placental growth hormone, a peptide hormone continuously secreted at increasing concentrations throughout pregnancy, is a primary determinant of maternal insulin resistance and gestational diabetes.
A review of the associations between obstructive sleep apnea and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and possible mechanisms of disease.; Obesity is prevalent among pregnant women in the United States; 15-20% of obese pregnant women have obstructive sleep apnea. The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea increases along with body mass index, age and in the presence of other co-morbidities. Untreated obstructive sleep apnea in women is associated with a range of cardiovascular, pulmonary and metabolic co-morbidities; recent studies suggest that women with obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy may be at significantly greater risk of entering pregnancy with chronic hypertension and/or of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: gestational hypertension; preeclampsia; or eclampsia. This has serious public health implications; hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are a major cause of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality and are associated with a greater lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms that associated obstructive sleep apnea with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy have not been defined, but several pathways are scientifically plausible. In this review, we will present a comprehensive literature review of the following: the associations between obstructive sleep apnea and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; the proposed mechanisms that may connect obstructive sleep apnea and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; and the effectiveness of treatment at mitigating these adverse outcomes.
DiGeorge anomaly in a patient with isochromosome 18p born to a diabetic mother.; The DiGeorge anomaly (DGA) is an etiologically heterogeneous developmental field defect in which cardiovascular malformations, hypocalcemia, thymic hypoplasia, and characteristic dysmorphisms are major clinical features. The 22q11.2 deletion is the most common single etiology of DGA, although a number of other chromosomal abnormalities and teratogens, including maternal diabetes, have been implicated as well. We present a patient, born to a diabetic mother, with interrupted aortic arch type B (IAA-B), neonatal hypocalcemia, thymic hypoplasia, and dysmorphic features including microcephaly, thick, overfolded helices, and anteriorly-placed anus. Cytogenetic studies showed the presence of a marker chromosome, identified by fluorescence in-situ hybridization (FISH) as an isochromosome 18p [i(18p)]. We did not detect a 22q11.2 deletion by FISH using a cosmid probe corresponding to locus D22S75. The patient is the first example of either DGA or IAA-B in a patient with i(18p). We review the genetic abnormalities associated with DGA, and discuss the potential contributions of maternal diabetes and i(18p) in our patient.
A comparison of obstetric and neonatal outcomes in polycystic ovary syndrome and congenital adrenal hyperplasia: a retrospective analysis of a population database.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate potential differences in pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes between 2 hyperandrogenic conditions in reproductive-aged women: polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). DESIGN: Retrospective population-based study with data from the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database from 2004-2014. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENT(S): A total of 14,881 women with PCOS and 298 women with CAH. INTERVENTION(S): Not applicable. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, pregnancy-induced hypertension (HTN), gestational HTN, preeclampsia, eclampsia, preeclampsia and eclampsia superimposed on HTN, preterm birth, preterm premature rupture of membrane, abruptio placenta, chorioamnionitis, mode of delivery, maternal infection, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism during pregnancy, intrapartum, or postpartum), maternal death, chorioamnionitis, septicemia during labor, postpartum endometritis, septic pelvic, peritonitis, small for gestational age, congenital anomalies, and intrauterine fetal demise. RESULT(S): After adjusting for potential confounders, we found that women with PCOS were at increased risk of developing pregnancy-induced HTN (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.76; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12-2.77) and gestational diabetes (adjusted OR = 1.68; 95% CI: 1.12-2.52) when compared with women with CAH. Contrary women with CAH were at increased risk for delivery via cesarean section (adjusted OR = 0.59; 95% CI: 0.44-0.80) and small for gestational age neonates (adjusted OR = 0.32; 95% CI: 0.20-0.52). CONCLUSION(S): To our knowledge, this study is the first to directly compare obstetric and neonatal outcomes between patients with PCOS and CAH. Despite the similar phenotypes and some common hormonal and biochemical profiles, such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperandrogenism, our results suggest the existence of additional metabolic pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of pregnancy complications.
MACE and Hyperthyroidism Treated With Medication, Radioactive Iodine, or Thyroidectomy.; IMPORTANCE: Excessive thyroid hormones from hyperthyroidism increase cardiovascular risks. Among 3 available treatments for hyperthyroidism, comparisons of long-term outcomes associated with antithyroid drugs (ATDs), radioactive iodine (RAI), and surgery to treat newly diagnosed hyperthyroidism are lacking. OBJECTIVE: To compare risks of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and all-cause mortality among patients with hyperthyroidism treated with ATDs, RAI, or surgery. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This nationwide cohort study used the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. Patients aged 20 years or older with newly diagnosed hyperthyroidism between 2011 and 2020 were enrolled. Treatment groups were determined within 18 months from diagnosis, with follow-up until the development of MACE, death, or the end date of the database, whichever came first. Data were analyzed from October 2022 through December 2023. EXPOSURES: The ATD group received ATDs only. RAI and surgery groups could receive ATDs before treatment. Anyone who underwent thyroid surgery without RAI was classified into the surgery group and vice versa. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcomes included MACE (a composite outcome of acute myocardial infarction, stroke, heart failure, and cardiovascular mortality) and all-cause mortality. RESULTS: Among 114 062 patients with newly diagnosed hyperthyroidism (mean [SD] age, 44.1 [13.6] years; 83 505 female [73.2%]), 107 052 patients (93.9%) received ATDs alone, 1238 patients (1.1%) received RAI, and 5772 patients (5.1%) underwent surgery during a mean (SD) follow-up of 4.4 (2.5) years. Patients undergoing surgery had a significantly lower risk of MACE (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.76; 95% CI, 0.59-0.98; P = .04), all-cause mortality (HR = 0.53; 95% CI, 0.41-0.68; P < .001), heart failure (HR = 0.33; 95% CI, 0.18-0.59; P < .001), and cardiovascular mortality (HR = 0.45; 95% CI, 0.26-0.79; P = .005) compared with patients receiving ATDs. Compared with ATDs, RAI was associated with lower MACE risk (HR = 0.45; 95% CI, 0.22-0.93; P = .03). Risks for acute myocardial infarction and stroke did not significantly differ between treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this study, surgery was associated with lower long-term risks of MACE and all-cause mortality, while RAI was associated with a lower MACE risk compared with ATDs.
Impact of physical activity during pregnancy and postpartum on chronic disease risk.; Research over the past 20 years has focused on the safety of physical activity during pregnancy. Guidelines for health care providers and pregnant/postpartum women have been developed from the results of these studies. The overwhelming results of most studies have shown few negative effects on the pregnancy of a healthy gravida, but rather, be beneficial to the maternal-fetal unit. Recently, researchers have begun to consider the role of maternal physical activity in a more traditional chronic disease prevention model, for both mother and offspring. To address the key issues related to the role of physical activity during pregnancy and postpartum on chronic disease risk, the American College of Sports Medicine convened a Scientific Roundtable at Michigan State University in East Lansing, MI. Topics included preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, breastfeeding and weight loss, musculoskeletal disorders, mental health, and offspring health and development.
Effect of Maternal Psoriasis on Pregnancy and Birth Outcomes: A Population-based Cohort Study from Denmark and Sweden.; Studies on pregnancy and birth outcomes in women with psoriasis are scarce and the findings inconsistent. The effect of maternal psoriasis and its severity on the risk of adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes was examined. A cross-national population-based cohort study was performed using prospectively collected data from Denmark and Sweden. Singleton births in women with psoriasis were identified in the national health registers between April 2007 and December 2012 and classified according to disease severity. Lifestyle factors, co-morbidity, pregnancy and birth outcomes were evaluated. A total of 8,097 births were identified in 6,103 women with psoriasis and 964 births in 753 women with psoriatic arthritis. Increased risk of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, elective and emergency caesarean delivery was found in women with psoriasis. The risks were higher for women with severe psoriasis, who also had an increased risk of pre-term birth and low birth weight. Pre-conception counselling to improve maternal, pregnancy and birth outcome is encouraged.
Control of aging and longevity by IGF-I signaling.; Animal models have established the IGF-I signaling pathway as a key modulator of aging in rodents and invertebrates. Considerable evidence suggests that reduced exposure of tissue to IGF-I is associated with an extended lifespan in these species. In humans, IGF-I is linked to various age-related diseases that are limiting factors for youthful longevity. On one hand, reduced IGF-I activity is associated with significant morbidity in adulthood with an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease, diabetes, osteoporosis and neurodegenerative diseases. On the other hand, elevated IGF-I levels have been linked to cancer risk given the role of IGF in mediating normal and malignant tissue growth. Thus, IGF is clearly involved in modulating disease of aging; however, the mechanism appears to be complex and interdependent on additional modulating factors. It is attractive to hypothesize that maximal human survival depends on tight regulation of the GH-IGF axis and maintenance of optimal IGF-I action in order to prevent morbidities associated with either deficient or excessive state. Specifically, it is possible that lower levels of IGF-I during early adulthood followed by higher levels of IGF-I later in life may be most beneficial for human longevity by addressing age-specific morbidities.
R--pulse wave timing: a technique for continuous cardiovascular monitoring in obstetrics--preliminary report.; A simple, noninvasive technique for continuous cardiovascular monitoring in obstetrics using R--pulse wave timing is described. This preliminary study suggests that different maternal heart rate/R pulse patterns are found in different clinical circumstances. A significant decrease in the R pulse interval occurred in the third trimester in both normal and diabetic women in the left lateral position when compared to the supine position. The R pulse intervals were all prolonged in the standing position in both gravid and nongravid women. During labor R pulse interval usually shortened during uterine contraction. Prolongation of R pulse interval was observed during thiopental injection, hypotension, and excessive bleeding at cesarean section. Exercise testing in healthy male subjects suggested that the change in R pulse interval becomes constant when the oxygen consumption rate reaches a plateau at 100% maximal work load. Further extensive clinical study appears worthwhile since it may add another dimension to cardiovascular monitoring and give an early indication of cardiovascular reserve.
Pregnancy at forty and over: a case-control study.; We compared obstetric prognosis in 327 women > or = 40 years old (148 nulliparas, 279 multiparas) with 20-30-year-old matched controls who delivered at our department between 1988 and 1990. Gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension were the only more frequent antepartum complications in cases than controls (2.4% vs. 0.3% and 3.4% vs. 0.3%, respectively). There were more premature deliveries in cases than controls (19% vs. 8%) but no difference in postdate deliveries. Cesarean section was more frequent in cases than controls in both nulliparas (64% vs. 30%) and multiparas (43% vs. 12%). Incidence of abdominal delivery for acute obstetrical indications was not increased in older gravidas. Significant differences were observed in low birthweight (17% vs. 5%) and 5-min Apgar score < 7 (8% vs. 2%). Most of the abnormal Apgar scores were recorded after cesarean section; values for vaginally-delivered infants were comparable in older and younger women. Perinatal mortality was similar in the two groups.
The contribution of prothrombotic disorders to peri- and neonatal ischemic stroke.; Prothrombotic disorders are believed to be important contributors to the etiology of peri- and neonatal arterial ischemic stroke and sinovenous thrombosis, which may lead to life-long disability. This article reviews hematological issues unique to the perinatal period, including: the significance of the placenta as the interface between maternal and fetal circulations; normal changes in the coagulation system of mothers during and just after gestation; and the significance of prothrombotic disorders in the mother and/or fetus. Other possible maternal and neonatal contributors to peri- and neonatal stroke are discussed, including: infection, pre-eclampsia, diabetes, and drug use in the mother; and infection, dehydration, complex congenital heart disease, extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, and catheter placement in the neonate. Possible approaches to preventing and treating perinatal and neonatal stroke are presented.
Influence of exercise mode on pregnancy outcomes: ENHANCED by Mom project.; BACKGROUND: The extent of the benefits of exercise training during pregnancy on maternal, fetal, and neonatal health outcomes has not been sufficiently addressed. While aerobic exercise training has been determined as safe and efficacious throughout pregnancy, the effects of other training modes on fetal health and development as well as any continued benefits for the neonate, especially with regards to cardiovascular development and function, is largely unknown. In the ENHANCED by Mom study we aim to determine the effects of different modes of exercise training (aerobic, circuit, and resistance) throughout pregnancy on childhood health by controlling individual exercise programs and assessing the effects of each on fetal and neonatal health adaptations. METHODS/DESIGN: ENHANCED by mom is a cross sectional comparison study utilizing 3 intervention groups in comparison to a control group. Participants will complete three 5 min warmup + 45 min sessions weekly from 16 weeks to 36 weeks gestation of aerobic, resistance, or circuit training, in comparison to non-exercising controls. Maternal physical measurements will occur every 4 weeks throughout the intervention period. Fetal morphometric and heart measurements will occur at 34 weeks gestation. Neonatal measurements will be acquired at birth and at 1 month, 6 months, and 12 months. DISCUSSION: A better understanding on the effects of exercise training during pregnancy on fetal and neonatal health could have a profound impact on the prevention and development of chronic diseases such as obesity, hypertension, and diabetes.
Differences in preterm delivery rates and outcomes in Jews and Bedouins in Southern Israel.; OBJECTIVE: (1) To compare the preterm delivery rates in the Bedouin versus the Jewish population. (2) To compare risk factors for preterm delivery in the two populations. (3) To compare outcomes of preterm delivery between the two groups. STUDY DESIGN: 41669 Jewish singletons births of whom 2816 delivered preterm (23-36 weeks) and 26495 Bedouin singletons in whom 2064 preterm deliveries occurred, were compared. All births took place in Soroka University Medical Center. Data were obtained from the computerized database of birth discharge records. RESULTS: The incidence of preterm delivery in Bedouin women was significantly higher than the rate in Jewish women (7.8 vs. 6.8%, P<0.01). The grand multiparity rate was higher among Bedouin women (P<0.001), as was the rate of teenage (<19 years) mothers (P<0.001). Gestational diabetes, PIH, and PROM rates were higher in the Jewish population (P<0.001, P=0.017, P<0.001, respectively). A bad obstetric history and previous perinatal mortality is more common in the Bedouin population (P<0.001 for both). In a logistic regression model including all these factors, the ethnic difference in the incidence of preterm delivery remained significant. The neonatal mortality rate was higher in the Bedouin population (P<0.001), as was the rate of congenital malformations (P<0.001). The perinatal mortality of Bedouins was nearly twice that of Jewish neonates with congenital malformations. However, no difference was found when neonates without congenital malformations were compared. Congenital malformations were found to be the strongest predictor of mortality. Ethnicity per se was no longer a predictor of mortality once congenital malformations were included in a logistic regression model, but the interaction of Bedouin ethnicity and congenital malformation was a significant predictor of mortality. CONCLUSION: The incidence of preterm delivery was significantly higher in Bedouin women than in Jewish women. A full explanation for this difference was not found. However, there were significantly higher rates of congenital malformations in the Bedouin preterm delivered infants. There was a much higher rate of neonatal mortality in the Bedouin population and this ethnic difference was fully explained by the presence of congenital anomalies.
Obstetric management, tests, and technologies that impact childhood development.; Childhood brain development begins before birth, and obstetric management, tests, and technologies designed to diagnose and treat fetal conditions can have an impact on development. Preconception counseling for maternal diabetes and hypertension affect the risk of fetal congenital anomalies and growth restriction. Patients with risk factors for pre-existing maternal diabetes are offered early diabetic screening because earlier diagnosis and treatment can decrease the risk of fetal and neonatal complications. Screening for chromosomal abnormalities in the first or second trimester is offered to all females regardless of age. Cell-free fetal DNA screening can be used to test for fetal genetic abnormalities as early as 9 weeks of gestation with results available in 10 days. Ultrasound performed around 20 weeks' gestation can identify the 3% of fetuses that have a major congenital malformation. Fetal magnetic resonance imaging can be used to better assess fetal central nervous system abnormalities when neurosonography is inconclusive. Doppler ultrasound can be used to assess blood flow in the umbilical artery and fetal middle cerebral artery to aid in the management of the growth-restricted fetus. In summary, diagnosis and treatment of maternal and fetal conditions from the preconception period throughout pregnancy are important for optimizing fetal health and provide the best opportunity for optimal child development. WHAT THIS PAPER ADDS: Cell-free fetal DNA screening can identify fetal genetic abnormalities as early as 9 weeks' gestation. Ultrasound performed around 20 weeks' gestation can detect major fetal congenital malformations. Fetal magnetic resonance imaging can aid neurosonography in the assessment of fetal central nervous system abnormalities. Doppler ultrasound to assess fetal blood flow is used to successfully manage the growth-restricted fetus.
Strokes in young adults.; Occlusion of the internal carotid or middle cerebral artery was seen in 44 young adults of both sexes from a rural population in Ceylon over a period of four years. None had hypertension, diabetes, prediabetes, or hypercholesterolaemia. There were 19 men with internal carotid occlusions, most being due to atherosclerotic thrombosis. The high incidence of atherosclerosis in these patients on a marginal diet remains an enigma, and we suggest that carbohydrate-induced hyperlipidaemia might be an important aetiological factor. There were 13 men with middle cerebral occlusions, the aetiology of which remains obscure. Occult embolism or atherothrombosis are suggested as possible causative factors. Of the 12 women five had middle cerebral artery occlusions in the last trimester of pregnancy and two had internal carotid artery occlusions in the puerperium. The pattern of ischaemic strokes in women aged 15-45 was similar to that observed in Western countries, though our patients differed ethnologically and in dietary habits.
Comparison of glucose measurement on dried blood spots versus plasma samples in pregnant women with and without anemia.; Objective Compare the concordance degree between plasma glucose and glucose measurements on Dried Blood Spots (DBS) during pregnancy. Subjects and methods Glucose measurement was performed in pregnant women after a fast of 8-12 hours. Venous blood was collected with sodium fluoride, the plasma was separated, and glucose measured by the enzymatic oxidase glucose method. Capillary blood samples were collected and analyzed by DBS. For statistics, the paired Student's t test, interclass correlation coefficient (ICC), graphic approach of Altman and Bland, and survival - concordance plot were used. Results 307 pregnant women were evaluated, 88.6% without diabetes and 11.4% with previous diabetes. The glucose ranged from 66 to 190 mg/dL [3.66 to 10.55 mmol/L] in plasma and from 53 to 166 mg/dL [2.94 to 9.21 mmol/L] in DBS. The glucose average values were 88.1 ± 12 mg/dL [4.98 ± 0.67 mmol/L] in plasma and 89.2 ±11,5 mg/dL, [4.95 ± 0.64 mmol/L] in DBS - p-value = 0.084. The ICC value was moderate (0.510), and Pearson's correlation coefficient was r = 0.507 p < 0.001. Altman and Bland's graph showed that difference between the values obtained by both methods is -24.62 to 22.3 mg/dL [-1.37 to 1.24 mmol/L]. Significant fixed bias (-1,16 average difference) and proportional bias (r = 0.056; p = 0.33) were not observed. Anemia was associated with differences between plasma glucose and DBS measurements (p = 0.031). Conclusion Capillary glucose in DBS correlates with plasma glucose; however, the methods do not present good concordance. The presence of anemia worsens this result.
Maternal and perinatal outcomes in primiparous singleton pregnancies conceived with assisted reproductive technology in British Columbia.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the odds of developing adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in primiparous singleton pregnancies conceived with assisted reproductive technology (ART) compared with pregnancies conceived without ART. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective population-based cohort study using data from the British Columbia Perinatal Data Registry. The population included primiparous women with singleton live or stillbirths delivering at or after 20 weeks' gestation between April 1st 2008-March 31st, 2021. Women who conceived with ART were compared with those who conceived without ART. The main outcome measures were gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, low birth weight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, stillbirth, and 5-minute Apgar score. Adjusted odds ratios were calculated. RESULTS: The study population included 191,059 primiparous women: 183,819 conceived without ART, 7,240 conceived using ART. After controlling for age, body mass index, pre-gestational diabetes, and smoking status, singleton pregnancies conceived by ART had significantly higher odds of gestational diabetes (OR 1.18, 95 % confidence interval [CI] 1.10-1.26) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (OR 1.39, 95 % CI 1.29-1.51). There were also significantly increased odds of preterm birth (OR 1.35, 95 % CI 1.25-1.46), low birth weight (OR 1.35, 95 % CI 1.23-1.49), and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 1.21, 95 % CI 1.11-1.32). There was not a statistically significant difference in the odds of stillbirth (OR 1.06, 95 % CI 0.72-1.57) or 5-minute Apgar score < 7 (OR 1.10, 95 % CI 0.97-1.26). CONCLUSION: There is an increased odds of developing several adverse maternal or neonatal outcomes in primiparous singleton pregnancies conceived by ART including gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, low birth weight, and increased incidence of neonatal intensive care unit admissions.
Obstetric interventions for women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether differences exist in the rates of obstetric intervention between women with type 1 diabetes and those with type 2 diabetes, and whether there has been any change in cesarean rates over time, paralleling that seen in the general obstetric population. METHODS: Data were examined from a prospectively collected series on the outcomes of 1030 deliveries (382 by women with type 1 diabetes, 648 by women with type 2 diabetes) from 1988 to 2008. RESULTS: There was a secular trend to increasing maternal age (type 1, P < 0.003; type 2, P < 0.03). Intervention rates (induction of labor or elective cesarean) did not differ between type 1 (88%) and type 2 (85%) diabetes. The overall cesarean rate was 52%-55% with no secular trend. Poorer glycemic control in early pregnancy and primiparity were associated with primary cesarean in both groups. In women with type 1 diabetes, greater maternal obesity and retinopathy were also associated with primary cesarean. CONCLUSION: Intervention rates are high in pregnancies among women with type 1 diabetes and those with type 2 diabetes but they have not changed significantly. Secular trends toward increasing maternal age and obesity suggest that intervention rates are unlikely to decrease in the near future.
Superoxide Dismutase 1 In Vivo Ameliorates Maternal Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Apoptosis and Heart Defects Through Restoration of Impaired Wnt Signaling.; BACKGROUND: Oxidative stress is manifested in embryos exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus, yet specific mechanisms for diabetes mellitus-induced heart defects are not defined. Gene deletion of intermediates of Wingless-related integration (Wnt) signaling causes heart defects similar to those observed in embryos from diabetic pregnancies. We tested the hypothesis that diabetes mellitus-induced oxidative stress impairs Wnt signaling, thereby causing heart defects, and that these defects can be rescued by transgenic overexpression of the reactive oxygen species scavenger superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1). METHODS AND RESULTS: Wild-type (WT) and SOD1-overexpressing embryos from nondiabetic WT control dams and nondiabetic/diabetic WT female mice mated with SOD1 transgenic male mice were analyzed. No heart defects were observed in WT and SOD1 embryos under nondiabetic conditions. WT embryos of diabetic dams had a 26% incidence of cardiac outlet defects that were suppressed by SOD1 overexpression. Insulin treatment reduced blood glucose levels and heart defects. Diabetes mellitus increased superoxide production, canonical Wnt antagonist expression, caspase activation, and apoptosis and suppressed cell proliferation. Diabetes mellitus suppressed Wnt signaling intermediates and Wnt target gene expression in the embryonic heart, each of which were reversed by SOD1 overexpression. Hydrogen peroxide and peroxynitrite mimicked the inhibitory effect of high glucose on Wnt signaling, which was abolished by the SOD1 mimetic, tempol. CONCLUSIONS: The oxidative stress of diabetes mellitus impairs Wnt signaling and causes cardiac outlet defects that are rescued by SOD1 overexpression. This suggests that targeting of components of the Wnt5a signaling pathway may be a viable strategy for suppression of congenital heart defects in fetuses of diabetic pregnancies.
Tracheal stenosis. Lethal malformation in two infants of diabetic mothers.; In two infants of diabetic mothers, severe respiratory distress developed at birth and the infants died shortly thereafter. Autopsy revealed tracheal stenosis and significant cardiac abnormalities.
Individualized norms of optimal fetal growth: fetal growth potential.; OBJECTIVE: To demonstrate that individualized optimal fetal growth norms, accounting for physiologic and pathologic determinants of fetal growth, better identify normal and abnormal outcomes of pregnancy than existing methods. METHODS: In a prospective cohort of 38,033 singleton pregnancies, we identified 9,818 women with a completely normal outcome of pregnancy and characterized the physiologic factors affecting birth weight using multivariable regression. We used those physiologic factors to individually predict optimal growth trajectory and its variation, growth potential, for each fetus in the entire cohort. By comparing actual birth weight with growth potential, population, ultrasound, and customized norms, we calculated for each fetus achieved percentiles, by each norm. We then compared proportions of pregnancies classified as normally grown, between 10th and 90th percentile, or aberrantly grown, outside this interval, by growth potential and traditional norms, in 14,229 complicated pregnancies, 1,518 pregnancies with diabetes or hypertensive disorders, and 1,347 pregnancies with neonatal complications. RESULTS: Nineteen physiologic factors, associated with maternal characteristics and early placental function, were identified. Growth potential norms correctly classified significantly more pregnancies than population, ultrasound, or customized norms in complicated pregnancies (26.4% compared with 18.3%, 18.7%, 22.8%, respectively, all P<.05), pregnancies with diabetes or hypertensive disorders (37.3% compared with 23.0%, 28.0%, 34.0%, respectively, all P<.05) and neonatal complications (33.3% compared with 19.7%, 24.9%, 29.8%, respectively, all P<.05). CONCLUSION: Growth potential norms based on the physiologic determinants of birth weight are a better discriminator of aberrations of fetal growth than traditional norms. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Actions of salbutamol in late pregnancy: plasma cyclic AMP, insulin and C-peptide, carbohydrate and lipid metabolites in diabetic and non-diabetic women.; Salbutamol was administered intravenously in dose increasing from 3.75 to 22.5 microgram/min to 5 non-diabetic and 7 diabetic women in the last trimester of pregnancy. In diabetic as well as non-diabetic women the diastolic blood pressure fell progressively with increasing doses, and the systolic BP and heart rate increased at doses above 7.5 microgram/min. The effect of fetal heart rate was less pronounced than the effect on maternal heart rate. Cyclic AMP levels in plasma were similar in non-diabetic and diabetic women before salbutamol. Twenty min following 3.75 microgram/min a significant increase was seen in both groups. The peak increase (3-5 fold) was higher in the diabetic than in the non-diabetic women. Plasma insulin and C-peptide levels rose in a dose-dependent manner in the non-diabetic and four of the diabetic women. However, in three of the diabetic women the insulin level was unaffected by salbutamol and C-peptide was almost undetectable. Plasma concentrations of glucose, glycerol, NEFA and 3-HB were higher in the diabetics than in the non-diabetics before salbutamol and the elevations induced by salbutamol were also significantly larger in the diabetic women. The present data show that salbutamol in doses employed clinically may cause pronounced metabolic effects, especially in diabetic women, and it is suggested that when intravenous infusion of salbutamol is given to pregnant diabetic women not only cardiovascular but also some metabolic variable such as glucose should be carefully monitored.
Effects of prenatal glucocorticoid exposure on cardiac calreticulin and calsequestrin protein expression during early development and in adulthood.; Overexpression of the conserved Ca(2+)-binding proteins calreticulin and calsequestrin impairs cardiac function, leading to premature death. Calreticulin is vital for embryonic development, but also impairs glucocorticoid action. Glucocorticoid overexposure during late fetal life causes intra-uterine growth retardation and programmed hypertension in adulthood. To determine whether intra-uterine growth retardation or programmed hypertension was associated with altered calreticulin or calsequestrin expression, effects of prenatal glucocorticoid overexposure (maternal dexamethasone treatment on days 15-21 of pregnancy) were examined during fetal life and postnatal development until adulthood (24 weeks). Dexamethasone (100 or 200 microg/kg of maternal body weight) was administered via osmotic pump. Calreticulin was detected as a 55 kDa band and calsequestrin as 55 and 63 kDa bands in 21 day fetal hearts. Only the 55 kDa calsequestrin band was detected postnatally. Prenatal glucocorticoid overexposure at the higher dose decreased calreticulin protein expression (26%; P <0.05) but increased calsequestrin protein expression, both 55 and 63 kDa bands, by 87% ( P <0.01) and 78% ( P <0.01); only the 55 kDa calsequestrin band was increased at the lower dose (66%; P <0.05). Offspring of dams treated at the lower dexamethasone dose were studied further. In control offspring, cardiac calreticulin protein expression declined between 2 and 3 weeks of age, and remained suppressed until adulthood. Cardiac calsequestrin protein expression increased 2-fold between fetal day 21 and postnatal day 1 and continued to increase until adulthood, at which time it was 3.4-fold higher ( P <0.001). Prenatal dexamethasone exposure minimally affected postnatal calsequestrin protein expression, but the postnatal decline in calreticulin protein expression was abrogated and calreticulin protein expression in adulthood was 2.2-fold increased ( P <0.001) compared with adult controls. In view of the known associations between cardiac calreticulin overexpression and impaired cardiac function, targeted up-regulation of calreticulin may contribute to the increased risk of adult heart disease introduced as a result of prenatal overexposure to glucocorticoids.
Data From Web-Based Questionnaires Were Valid for Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia, but Not Gestational Hypertension.; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to validate Web-based questionnaires for the common pregnancy complications gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: We included 1,809 women participating in the PRegnancy and Infant DEvelopment (PRIDE) Study who delivered in 2012-2017, for whom relevant data were complete. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of self-reported diagnoses of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia were determined using obstetric records as reference standard. Furthermore, we assessed whether maternal characteristics affected disagreement between questionnaires and obstetric record. RESULTS: For gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, we observed very few false-positive and false-negative reports, yielding sensitivities of 93% (95% confidence interval [CI] 86-100) and 88% (95% CI 79-98), respectively, and specificities of 100%. Depending on the definition of gestational hypertension, sensitivity and positive predictive values ranged from 62% to 89% and 53% to 64%, respectively. Disagreement on gestational hypertension was associated with prepregnancy overweight and multiparity. CONCLUSION: Self-reports of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in Web-based questionnaires were valid, but the validity of gestational hypertension seemed to be lower because of relatively high numbers of false-positive reports. However, it is questionable whether an appropriate reference standard exists to validate this pregnancy complication.
[Drug-induced harm due to antidiabetics].; A review of the complications which are of importance for the use of antidiabetic agents is given. As a consequence of too intensive a hypoglycaemic effect lesions may be provoked by sulfonylureas and insulin. Additionally, under treatment with different insulin preparations allergical side effects are possible. As an essential complication provoked by biguanides a lactic acidosis may be elicited which--though seldom occurring--then in most cases takes a fatal course. Lesions as a consequence of treatment with oral antidiabetic agents to a high degree be avoided by using them in accordance with their indication. In the case insulin the lesions ensuing immunological reactions are only to be avoided or reduced as far as the pharmaceutical industry succeeds in reducing the antigenicity of insulin preparations.
A dose-response relation exists between different classes of pre-gravid obesity and selected perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine if a "dose-response" relation exists between different classes of pre-gravid obesity and selected perinatal outcomes. METHODS: We evaluated 16,566 obese mothers, including 12,064 (72.8%), 3410 (20.6%), and 1092 (6.6%) with obesity class I, II, and III, respectively. We compared maternal age, primiparity, gestational age at birth, birth weight, GDM, hypertensive disorders, and the incidence of cesarean sections. RESULTS: There was a significantly increased incidence (from class I to class III) for GDM (8.5-14.4%), chronic hypertension (2.8-9.0%), gestational hypertension (6.7-14.2%), and for preeclampsia (5.3-9.3%). No such relationship existed for birth weight and gestational duration. CONCLUSION: Classes of obesity during pregnancy exhibit a "dose-response" relationship with maternal morbidity, but no such relationship was found with pregnancy duration and birth weight.
Time-dependent physiological regulation of rodent and ovine placental glucose transporter (GLUT-1) protein.; To examine the in vivo and in vitro time-dependent effects of glucose on placental glucose transporter (GLUT-1) protein levels, we employed Western blot analysis using placenta from the short-term streptozotocin-induced diabetic pregnancy (STZ-D), uterine artery ligation-intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) rat models, pregnant sheep exposed to chronic maternal glucose and insulin infusions, and the HRP.1 rat trophoblastic cell line exposed to differing concentrations of glucose. In the rat, 6 days of STZ-D with maternal and fetal hyperglycemia caused no substantive change, whereas 72 h of IUGR with fetal hypoglycemia and ischemic hypoxia resulted in a 50% decline in placental GLUT-1 levels (P < 0.05). In late-gestation ewes, maternal and fetal hyperglycemia caused an initial threefold increase at 48 h (P < 0.05), with a persistent decline between 10 to 21 days, whereas maternal and fetal hypoglycemia led to a 30-50% decline in placental GLUT-1 levels (P < 0.05). Studies in vitro demonstrated no effect of 0 mM, whereas 100 mM glucose caused a 60% decline (P < 0.05; 48 h) in HRP.1 GLUT-1 levels compared with 5 mM of glucose. The added effect of hypoxia on 0 and 100 mM glucose concentrations appeared to increase GLUT-1 concentrations compared with normoxic cells (P < 0.05; 100 mM at 18 h). We conclude that abnormal glucose concentrations alter rodent and ovine placental GLUT-1 levels in a time- and concentration-dependent manner; hypoxia may upregulate this effect. The changes in placental GLUT-1 concentrations may contribute toward the process of altered maternoplacentofetal transport of glucose, thereby regulating placental and fetal growth.
Oral contraceptives: a reassessment.; Cardiovascular risks attributable to oral contraceptive use may now be subdivided into those that appear to be secondary to the estrogen component, i.e., venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, and those linked to the progestin component, i.e., small vessel disease including myocardial infarction and cerebrovascular accident. It appears that venous risk is attributable to subtle changes in clotting factors, while arterial risk may be secondary to changes in glucose and lipid metabolism. In order to determine which women are at greatest risk from oral contraceptive use, Spellacy et al. has developed a risk scoring form that aids in the screening process. After excluding women with an absolute contraindication to pill use, women at greatest risk for cardiovascular disease related to oral contraceptive use are those with a family history of hyperlipidemia, gestational or overt diabetics, hypertensives, and smokers over the age of 35. The gradual reduction by manufacturers of the steroid content of oral contraceptives appears to have lessened the incidence of adverse effects. Our current knowledge of risk factors permits the clinician to reduce exposure to oral contraceptive-related mortality by as much as 86 per cent. As we continue to search for ways to reduce risk among oral contraceptive users, it is important to note that more than 25 per cent of women are still taking formulations containing 50 micrograms of estrogen. It becomes the responsibility of the practicing physician to "step-down" these patients to lower-dose preparations such as the multiphasics. Such preparations also represent optimal therapy for first-time pill users.
The impact of intrauterine exposure versus postnatal environment in neurodevelopmental toxicity: long-term neurobehavioral studies in children at risk for developmental disorders.; Various investigators have shown that enriched environment may positively affect the early brain development of experimental animals. Environment was also shown to positively affect the development of young children born to mothers of low socio-economic class (low SES). It is unknown, however, to what extent can an enriched environment improve the developmental outcome of children born with slight brain damage. We studied the development of preschool and early school age children born to heroin dependent parents raised at home or adopted in comparison to children suffering only from environmental deprivation (low parental SES) and to controls. They were examined by several professionals, using standard, age appropriate, neurological and psychological tests. Similar evaluations were performed on a group of early school age children born to mothers with pregestational or with gestational diabetes and on a group of children born prematurely, with a birth weight of less than 1500 g using various developmental tests. Young children born to heroin dependent mothers and fathers raised at home and children of low SES had, in comparison to controls, lower intellectual skills and a higher rate of inattention. This persisted at school age, too. Children born to heroin dependent mothers adopted at a young age and hence being raised in a good environment had normal intellectual function but a high rate of inattention and behavioral problems. We also examined the school age children for possible presence of ADHD and found a high rate of ADHD among all children born to heroin dependent parents including those adopted, as well as in the children with low parental SES. Similar findings regarding the strong positive influence of an enriched environment were observed in children born to diabetic mothers, where the intellectual abilities of the children were directly related with parental education. The cognitive abilities of the children born prematurely were also strongly associated with parental education and not with the degree of perinatal complications. In conclusion, in all groups of children at high risk for developmental problems was found that the environment has a strong influence on their intellectual abilities but not on motor skills or attention span. A good environment (high parental SES) may significantly improve the outcome.
Amniotic fluid erythropoietin correlates with umbilical plasma erythropoietin in normal and abnormal pregnancy.; In the human fetus, elevated plasma erythropoietin levels have been found in high-risk pregnancies at delivery. We examined the relationship of amniotic fluid erythropoietin and umbilical plasma erythropoietin at delivery in 17 normal pregnancies, 41 hypertensive pregnancies, and 37 insulin-treated diabetic pregnancies terminated by elective cesarean section without labor. An additional 27 insulin-treated diabetic patients were studied after undergoing variable durations (86-1184 minutes) of labor. Erythropoietin was analyzed using a highly sensitive and specific radioimmunoassay technique. Fetal plasma erythropoietin concentrations were elevated above the control upper range (50.3 mU/mL) in 59% of the hypertensives and in 38% of the diabetics. The amniotic fluid erythropoietin values were significantly lower than the umbilical plasma erythropoietin values in each study group. Although the umbilical plasma erythropoietin values in the abnormal pregnancy groups differed considerably from the corresponding levels in the controls, the ratio of amniotic fluid erythropoietin to umbilical plasma erythropoietin was approximately the same in controls, hypertensives, and diabetics. Furthermore, the plasma and amniotic fluid levels (In transformed) correlated highly significantly in all three individual groups in absence of labor. In the diabetic labor group, this relationship was nonsignificant. We conclude that in the absence of labor, amniotic fluid erythropoietin reflects fetal plasma erythropoietin. We speculate that amniotic fluid erythropoietin may be an antepartum indicator of fetal hypoxemia.
High glucose level induces cardiovascular dysplasia during early embryo development.; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased dramatically amongst multiethnic population. However, how gestational diabetes mellitus damages the developing embryo is still unknown. In this study, we used yolk sac membrane (YSM) model to investigate angiogenesis in the developing chick embryo. We determined that in the presence of high glucose, it retarded the growth and extension of the embryonic vascular plexus and it also reduced the density of the vasculature in yolk sac membrane model. Using the same strategy, we used the chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) as a model to investigate the influence of high glucose on the vasculature. We established that high glucose inhibited development of the blood vessel plexus and the blood vessels formed had a narrower diameter than control vessels. Concurrent with the abnormal angiogenesis, we also examined how it impacted cardiogenesis. We determined the myocardium in the right ventricle and left atrium were significantly thicker than the control and also there was a reduction in glycogen content in cardiomyocytes. The high glucose also induced excess reactive oxygen species (ROS) production in the cardiomyocytes. We postulated that it was the excess reactive oxygen species that damaged the cardiomyocytes resulting in cardiac hyperplasia.
Diabetic retinopathy and pregnancy.; Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy have reciprocal influences between them, therefore diabetes mellitus may complicate the course of pregnancy as well as pregnancy can worsen the performance of diabetes especially at the fundus oculi. Several factors seem to play a role in retinal neovascularization. Actually it's not possible to understand the mechanisms underlying this progression. Moreover chronic hyperglycemia leads to several events such as: the activation of aldose reductase metabolic pathway, the activation of the diacylglycerol-protein kinase C, the non-enzymatic glycation of proteins with formation of advanced glycation endproducts and the increase of hexosamines pathway. Although every structure of the eye can be affected by diabetes, retinal tissue, with all its vessels, is particularly susceptible. Pregnancy may promote the onset of diabetic retinopathy, in about 10 % of cases, as well as contribute to its worsening when already present. The proliferative retinopathy must always be treated; treatment should be earlier in pregnant women compared to non-pregnant women. Pregnancy can also cause macular edema; it spontaneously regresses during the postpartum and therefore does not require immediate treatment. In summary, collaboration between the various specialists is primary to ensure the best outcomes for both mother's health and sight, and fetus' health.
The significance of high umbilical venous blood flow measurements in a high-risk population.; We report a statistical analysis of 893 high-risk patients who underwent Doppler sonographic estimation of umbilical venous blood flow within 2 weeks of delivery. Patients with red cell isoimmunization were excluded. In a total of 84 patients, the umbilical venous flow rate was above the 95th centile for normal pregnancy. This finding was associated significantly with an increased prevalence of maternal diabetes mellitus, polyhydramnios, fetal abnormalities, premature delivery, low 5 min Apgar scores, and neonatal death. Umbilical venous flow rates per kilogram of fetal weight above the 95th centile were recorded in 93 patients. This finding was associated significantly with an increased rate of antepartum hemorrhage, premature delivery, low 5 min Apgar scores, longer stays in intensive care nursery, and neonatal death. Low umbilical venous blood flow rates have been investigated extensively and associated with impaired perinatal outcome. The work reported in this paper indicates that a percentage of fetuses will have abnormally high umbilical venous flow rates and that this is also indicative of increased risk.
A Novel Review of Homocysteine and Pregnancy Complications.; Homocysteine (Hct) is a substance produced in the metabolism of methionine. It is an essential type of amino acid gained from the daily diet. Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene mutation is related to elevated total homocysteine (tHct) expressions, in particular, among women with low folate intake. Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHct) is caused by numerous factors, such as genetic defects, lack of folic acid, vitamin B(6) and B(12) deficiency, hypothyroidism, drugs, aging, and renal dysfunction. Increased Hct in peripheral blood may lead to vascular illnesses, coronary artery dysfunction, atherosclerotic changes, and embolic diseases. Compared to nonpregnant women, the Hct level is lower in normal pregnancies. Recent studies have reported that HHct was associated with numerous pregnancy complications, including recurrent pregnancy loss (RPL), preeclampsia (PE), preterm delivery, placental abruption, fetal growth restriction (FGR), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Besides, it was discovered that neonatal birth weight and maternal Hct levels were negatively correlated. However, a number of these findings lack consistency. In this review, we summarized the metabolic process of Hct in the human body, the levels of Hct in different stages of normal pregnancy reported in previous studies, and the relationship between Hct and pregnancy complications. The work done is helpful for obstetricians to improve the likelihood of a positive outcome during pregnancy complications. Reducing the Hct level with a high dosage of folic acid supplements during the next pregnancy could be helpful for females who have suffered pregnancy complications due to HHct.
Variation in labor induction over the days of the week.; OBJECTIVE: To quantify the variation in induction of labor (IOL) over the days of the week for gravid women in the United States. STUDY DESIGN: Women who delivered singletons between 24 and 42 weeks' gestation were identified using birth certificate data from 2007 to 2010. Women with pregnancy-associated hypertension, fetal anomalies, previous cesarean delivery, or incomplete records were excluded. The primary outcome was IOL. Women were stratified into four gestational age groups: < 34, 34 to 36, 37 to 38, and ≥ 39 weeks. Frequencies of IOL were determined according to day of the week. Multivariable logistic regression estimated the association between weekend delivery and IOL, adjusting for maternal characteristics and year of delivery. RESULTS: There were 11.6 million eligible women. For each gestational age stratum, the frequency of IOL was increased on weekdays compared with weekends (8.0 vs. 7.4%, 16.5 vs. 13.2%, 25.0 vs. 14.8%, and 33.2 vs. 19.3% at < 34, 34-36, 37-38, and ≥ 39 weeks, respectively; p < 0.01 for all). Multivariable analyses demonstrated that weekend IOL was inversely related to gestational age (odds ratios: 0.93, 0.77, 0.52, and 0.48, respectively; p < 0.001 for all). CONCLUSION: The frequency of IOL varies according to the day of the week, with the odds of weekend IOL lowest at greater gestational ages.
Does the severity of diabetic retinopathy predict pregnancy outcome?; The authors sought to determine whether the severity of diabetic retinopathy is a predictor of subsequent pregnancy outcome. One hundred and seventy-nine pregnant diabetic women were evaluated in their first trimester of pregnancy. Stereoscopic color photographs of the ocular fundus were taken and graded by the Fundus Photography Reading Center. Thirty-nine women had no retinopathy, while 28 had proliferative retinopathy in the worse eye. The women's history and hospital delivery room charts were reviewed with regard to pregnancy outcome. Thirty-three pregnancies terminated with an adverse outcome. A logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate significant predictors of pregnancy outcome. Of maternal age, duration of diabetes, glycosylated hemoglobin, proteinuria, cigarette smoking status, and severity of diabetic retinopathy, only the last variable significantly predicted an adverse outcome. These data suggest that the severity of retinopathy should be considered when counseling a pregnant diabetic woman.
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions and outcomes in a United States Medicaid population.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to examine the incidence of pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions and severe cardiovascular outcomes, and their relationship in US Medicaid-funded women. METHODS: Medicaid is a government-sponsored health insurance programme for low-income families in the USA. We report the incidence of pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions (hypertensive disorders and diabetes in, or complicated by, pregnancy) and severe cardiovascular outcomes (myocardial infarction, stroke, acute heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardiac arrest, ventricular fibrillation, ventricular tachycardia, aortic dissection/aneurysm and peripheral vascular disease) among Medicaid-funded women with a birth (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-10-CM) diagnosis code O80 or O82) over the period January 2015-June 2019, from the states of Georgia, Ohio and Indiana. In this cross-sectional cohort, we examined the relationship between pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions and severe cardiovascular outcomes from pregnancy through to 60 days after birth using multivariable models. RESULTS: Among 74 510 women, mean age 26.4 years (SD 5.5), the incidence per 1000 births of pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions was 224.3 (95% CI 221.3 to 227.3). The incidence per 1000 births of severe cardiovascular conditions was 10.8 (95% CI 10.1 to 11.6). Women with pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions were at greater risk of having a severe cardiovascular condition with an age-adjusted OR of 3.1 (95% CI 2.7 to 3.5). CONCLUSION: This US cohort of Medicaid-funded women have a high incidence of severe cardiovascular conditions during pregnancy. Cardiometabolic conditions of pregnancy conferred threefold higher odds of severe cardiovascular outcomes.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infant newborns of diabetic mother: a heterogeneous condition, the importance of anamnesis, physical examination and follow-up.; BACKGROUND: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in neonates is a rare and heterogeneous disorder. HCM accounts for 25 to 40% of all pediatric cardiomyopathy cases and the highest incidence in pediatric population is reported in children < 1 year. CASE PRESENTATION: we report two clinical cases of neonates, born to mothers respectively with a pre-pregnancy insulin-dependent diabetic mellitus type 2 and a suspected diabetes, with inadequate prenatal glycemic control for the first and underestimated glycemic control for the second case, with a different evolution. In the first case, a slow evidence of improvement of the HCM was observed, persuading us to the diagnosis of a diabetes-related HCM; In the second case the progressive worsening of the HCM during follow-up in association with further investigations, resulted in the diagnosis of Pompe disease. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in newborns can be the clinical expression of different underlying disorders. We aim to show the importance both to reassess maternal and family history and critically evaluate the physical examination in order to address the correct differential diagnosis. Furthermore it is important to continue a regular cardiologic follow-up for this pathology with neonatal onset to prevent a poor prognosis.
Maternal Recall Versus Medical Records of Metabolic Conditions from the Prenatal Period: A Validation Study.; To assess validity of maternally-reported diabetes and hypertensive disorders, and reliability of BMI measurements during periconception and pregnancy compared with medical records when mothers are interviewed 2-5 years after delivery. To investigate whether reporting accuracy differed by child's case status (autism, delays, typical development). Participants were mothers of 2-5 year old children with and without neurodevelopmental disorders from the CHARGE (CHildhood Autism Risks from Genetics and the Environment) Study who had both prenatal/delivery records and telephone interviews. Sensitivity and specificity of self-report in telephone interview was assessed by comparison with medical records; agreement was evaluated by kappa statistics. Deviations in reported BMI were evaluated with Bland-Altman plots and concordance correlation coefficient (CCC). Mothers of children with neurodevelopmental disorders (autism or developmental delay) reported metabolic conditions slightly more accurately than control mothers. For diabetes, sensitivity ranged from 73 to 87% and specificity was ≥98% across groups. For hypertensive disorders, sensitivity ranged from 57 to 77% and specificity from 93 to 98%. Reliability of BMI was high (CCC = 0.930); when grouped into BMI categories, a higher proportion of mothers of delayed children were correctly classified (κ(wt) = 0.93) compared with the autism group and controls (κ(wt) = 0.85 and κ(wt) = 0.84, respectively; P = 0.05). Multiparity was associated with higher discrepancies in BMI and misreporting of hypertensive disorders. For purposes of etiologic studies, self-reported diabetes and hypertensive disorders during periconception and pregnancy show high validity among mothers irrespective of child's case status. Recall of pre-pregnancy BMI is reliable compared with self-reported values in medical records.
Pregnancy complications in women of Russian, Somali, and Kurdish origin and women in the general population in Finland.; OBJECTIVE: We compared the prevalence of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in the most recent pregnancy among women of Russian, Somali, and Kurdish origin and women in the general population in Finland. METHODS: The study groups were selected from population-based samples of 18- to 64-year-old women. The women were of Russian (n = 318), Somali (n = 583), and Kurdish (n = 373) origin or from the general population (n = 243), and had given birth in Finland between 2004 and 2014. The data were obtained from the National Medical Birth Register and the Hospital Discharge Register. Data on gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders were extracted based on relevant International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes. The main statistical methods were logistic regression analyses adjusted for age, parity, body mass index, socioeconomic status, and smoking. RESULTS: The prevalence of gestational diabetes was 19.1% in Kurdish, 14.4% in Somali, 9.3% in Russian, and 11.8% in the general population. The prevalence of hypertensive disorders was 5.4% in the general population, 3.8% in Somali, 3.1% in Kurdish, and 1.7% in Russian. When adjusted for confounders, Kurdish women had two-fold odds for gestational diabetes (odds ratio = 1.98; 95% confidence interval = 1.20-3.32) compared with the general population, but the odds for hypertensive disorders did not differ between groups. CONCLUSION: Women of Kurdish origin were more likely to develop gestational diabetes. Studies with larger samples are required to confirm these findings to develop prevention strategies for later development of type 2 diabetes. Future research including other migrant groups is recommended to identify differences in pregnancy complications among the women in migrant and general population.
Nitric oxide reduces adenosine transporter ENT1 gene (SLC29A1) promoter activity in human fetal endothelium from gestational diabetes.; Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) from gestational diabetes exhibit reduced adenosine uptake and increased nitric oxide (NO) synthesis. Adenosine transport via human equilibrative nucleoside transporters 1 (hENT1) is reduced by NO by unknown mechanisms in HUVEC. We examined whether gestational diabetes-reduced adenosine transport results from lower hENT1 gene (SLC29A1) expression. HUVEC from gestational diabetes exhibit reduced SLC29A1 promoter activity when transfected with pGL3-hENT1(-2154) compared with pGL3-hENT1(-1114) constructs, an effect blocked by N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME, NOS inhibitor), but unaltered by S-nitroso-N-acetyl-L,D-penicillamine (SNAP, NO donor). In cells from gestational diabetes transfected with pGL3-hENT1(-2154), L-NAME increased, but SNAP did not alter promoter activity and hENT1 expression. However, in cells from normal pregnancies L-NAME increased, but SNAP reduced promoter activity and hENT1 expression. Adenovirus-silenced eNOS expression increased hENT1 expression and activity in cells from normal or gestational diabetic pregnancies. Thus, reduced adenosine transport may result from downregulation of SLC29A1 expression by NO in HUVEC from gestational diabetes. These findings explain the accumulation of extracellular adenosine detected in cultures of HUVEC from gestational diabetes. In addition, fetal endothelial dysfunction could be involved in the abnormal fetal development and growth seen in gestational diabetes.
Diabetic ketoacidosis presenting as a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis.; Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis is an uncommon condition with a variable clinical presentation, often resulting in a delayed diagnosis. The most common risk factors are pregnancy and puerperium, oral contraceptive use, head injury, dehydration, blood dyscrasias, malignancies, and systemic diseases. We present a nineteen-year-old female in whom a superior sagittal sinus thrombosis was caused by dehydration during diabetic ketoacidosis and led to the diagnosis of new-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus. To our knowledge this is the first published report of a cerebral venous sinus thrombosis in association with diabetic ketoacidosis in an adult.
Altered gene expression with abnormal patterning of the telencephalon in embryos of diabetic Albino Swiss mice.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Several studies have shown that maternal diabetes increases the risk of congenital malformations in various organ systems including the neural tube. The present study analysed molecular and morphological changes in the forebrain of embryos from diabetic Albino Swiss mice. METHODS: Maternal diabetes-induced morphological changes in the forebrain were examined histologically. Cell proliferation index was assayed by BrdU labelling. In situ hybridisation and quantitative real-time PCR were used to analyse the expression of genes coding for sonic hedgehog ( Shh), Nkx2.1, brain factor-1 ( BF-1) and bone morphogenetic protein-4 ( Bmp4) that control forebrain patterning. RESULTS: There were no distinguishable abnormalities in the forebrain of embryos from diabetic pregnancies on embryonic day 0.5. At embryonic day 11.5, embryos of diabetic pregnancies displayed a fusion and thickening of the ventral telencephalic neuroepithelium and a partial absence of the dorsal telencephalon, indicating a severe patterning defect in the dorsoventral axis of the telencephalon. The cell proliferation index was also higher in the ventral telencephalon of these embryos. Molecular analyses indicated that expression of Shh, Nkx2.1 and BF-1 was increased and their expression domains expanded dorsally in the ventral telencephalon in embryos of diabetic mice at embryonic day 11.5. The expression of Bmp4 was reduced in the dorsal forebrain of these embryos. At embryonic day 8.5, only Shh expression was increased. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Altered expression of various genes involved in dorsoventral patterning of the forebrain is associated with forebrain malformations in embryos of diabetic mice.
Joint and Independent Associations of Gestational Weight Gain and Pre-Pregnancy Body Mass Index with Outcomes of Pregnancy in Chinese Women: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the joint and independent effects of gestational weight gain (GWG) and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) on pregnancy outcomes in a population of Chinese Han women and to evaluate pregnant women's adherence to the 2009 Institute of Medicine (IOM) gestational weight gain guidelines. METHODS: This was a multicenter, retrospective cohort study of 48,867 primiparous women from mainland China who had a full-term singleton birth between January 1, 2011 and December 30, 2011. The independent associations of pre-pregnancy BMI, GWG and categories of combined pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG with outcomes of interest were examined using an adjusted multivariate regression model. In addition, women with pre-pregnancy hypertension were excluded from the analysis of the relationship between GWG and delivery of small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants, and women with gestational diabetes (GDM) were excluded from the analysis of the relationship between GWG and delivery of large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants. RESULTS: Only 36.8% of the women had a weight gain that was within the recommended range; 25% and 38.2% had weight gains that were below and above the recommended range, respectively. The contribution of GWG to the risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes was modest. Women with excessive GWG had an increased likelihood of gestational hypertension (adjusted OR 2.55; 95% CI = 1.92-2.80), postpartum hemorrhage (adjusted OR 1.30; 95% CI = 1.17-1.45), cesarean section (adjusted OR 1.31; 95% CI = 1.18-1.36) and delivery of an LGA infant (adjusted OR 2.1; 95% CI = 1.76-2.26) compared with women with normal weight gain. Conversely, the incidence of GDM (adjusted OR 1.64; 95% CI = 1.20-1.85) and SGA infants (adjusted OR 1.51; 95% CI = 1.32-1.72) was increased in the group of women with inadequate GWG. Moreover, in the obese women, excessive GWG was associated with an apparent increased risk of delivering an LGA infant. In the women who were underweight, poor weight gain was associated with an increased likelihood of delivering an SGA infant. After excluding the mothers with GDM or gestational hypertension, the ORs for delivery of LGA and SGA infants decreased for women with high GWG and increased for women with low GWG. CONCLUSIONS: GWG above the recommended range is common in this population and is associated with multiple unfavorable outcomes independent of pre-pregnancy BMI. Obese women may benefit from avoiding weight gain above the range recommended by the 2009 IOM. Underweight women should avoid low GWG to prevent delivering an SGA infant. Pregnant women should therefore be monitored to comply with the IOM recommendations and should have a balanced weight gain that is within a range based on their pre-pregnancy BMI.
The prospective association of hyperandrogenism, oligomenorrhea and polycystic ovary syndrome with incident gestational diabetes: The coronary artery risk development in young adults women's study.; In this 28-year prospective study of 455 women (mean age: 26 years), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) was associated with a 2.6-fold elevated risk of gestational diabetes (GDM). However, hyperandrogenism or oligomenorrhea in the absence of PCOS was not associated with GDM.
Assessment of epicardial fat and carotid intima media thickness in gestational hypertension.; AIM: Gestational hypertension (GHT) is a common disorder of pregnancy characterized by new onset hypertension without the presence of detectable proteinuria after 20 weeks of gestation. Epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) are suggested as new predictors of subclinical atherosclerosis. Although the relationship between these parameters and essential hypertension has been demonstrated, this association in patients with GHT is still unknown. We aimed to investigate CIMT and EFT in patients with GHT. METHODS: A total of 90 patients (44 GHT and 46 controls) were enrolled. Patients with diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension and cardiovascular disease (CVD) were excluded. In the third trimester, the mean CIMT at the far wall of both left and right common carotid arteries was measured on B-mode duplex ultrasound. EFT was measured on the free wall of the right ventricle at the end systole in the parasternal long-axis view by standard transthorasic 2D echocardiography. RESULTS: Unlike the mean CIMT (0.52 ± 0.13 mm vs 0.47 ± 0.11 mm; P = 0.078), the mean EFT was significantly higher in the GHT group compared to the controls (5.31 ± 1.68 mm vs 4.17 ± 1.16 mm; P = 0.002). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, among the most pertinent clinical variables, only EFT is an independent determinant of GHT (OR: 2.903; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.454-5.796; P = 0.003). In receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis, EFT >5.5 mm had 82.6% specificity and 52.3% sensitivity in predicting a diagnosis of GHT (ROC area under curve: 0.689, 95% CI: 0.577-0.802, P = 0.002). CONCLUSION: Maternal EFT may be higher in pregnant women with GHT in comparison with those of controls.
Leptin withdrawal after birth: a neglected factor account for cognitive deficit in offspring of GDM mother.; Pregnancy in the diabetic woman has long been associated with an increased risk of cognitive deficit in the offspring, which might be associated with the poor intrauterine environment for the developing fetal brain. Leptin, as an important hormone regulating the intrauterine and early extrauterine life growth and development, greatly elevated during diabetic pregnancy. The current results indicate that leptin exerts neurotrophic actions during the critical period of development of hippocampus, and acts as a cognitive enhancer. Leptin resistance was a common phenomenon in diabetic pregnancies resulting reduced leptin receptors and signaling. With sudden withdrawal of placenta-derived leptin after birth, neonatal leptin levels declined sharply. The declined leptin could not work normally with the reduced leptin receptor and thus affected the newborn's brain development, which at least partly accounted for later cognitive deficits of offspring of GDM mother. Our hypothesis provides an alternative strategy to decrease the risk of cognitive deficit of offspring of diabetic mother, by exogenously supplementing leptin after birth for some period.
Heart failure and dysrhythmias after maternal placental syndromes: HAD MPS Study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal placental syndromes (MPS)-gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and placental abruption/infarction-are more prevalent in women with features of the metabolic syndrome (MetSyn). Both MPS and the MetSyn predispose to left ventricular impairment and sympathetic dominance after delivery. Whether this translates into a higher risk of heart failure (HF) and cardiac dysrhythmias is not known. OBJECTIVE: To determine the risk of new onset of HF and dysrhythmias among women after a prior MPS-affected pregnancy. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was carried out of 1,130,764 individual women with a delivery in Ontario between 1992 and 2009, excluding those with cardiac or thyroid disease 1 year before delivery. The risk of a composite outcome of a hospitalisation for HF or an atrial or ventricular dysrhythmia was compared in women with and without MPS, starting 1 year after delivery. RESULTS: 75,242 individuals (6.7%) experienced a MPS. After a median duration of 7.8 years, the composite outcome occurred in 148 women with MPS (2.54 per 10,000 person-years) and 1062 women without MPS (1.28 per 10,000 person-years) (crude HR=2.00, 95% CI 1.68 to 2.38). The mean age at composite outcome was 37.8 years. The HR was 1.61 (95% CI 1.35 to 1.91) after adjustment for demographic characteristics, diabetes, obesity, dyslipidaemia and drug dependence or tobacco use, as well as coronary artery disease or thyroid disease >1 year after delivery. The adjusted HRs were minimally reduced by further adjusting for chronic hypertension (1.51, 95% CI 1.26 to 1.80) and were higher in women with MPS plus preterm delivery and poor fetal growth (2.42, 95% CI 1.25 to 4.67). CONCLUSIONS: Women with MPS are at higher risk of premature HF and dysrhythmias, especially when perinatal morbidity is present.
Incidence of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Based on the Degree of Short Interpregnancy Interval in Urban Milwaukee Population.; INTRODUCTION: Short interpregnancy interval is defined as conception occurring within 18 months of a previous live birth. Studies show increased risks of preterm birth, low birth weight, and small for gestational age with short interpregnancy intervals; however, it is unclear if these risks are higher for all short interpregnancy intervals or only for those less than 6 months. The objective of this study was to evaluate prevalence of adverse pregnancy outcomes among people with short interpregnancy intervals, stratified by degree: less than 6 months, 6 to 11 months, and 12 to 17 months. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of people with 2 singleton pregnancies between 2015 and 2018 at a single academic center. The following outcomes were compared between patients with interpregnancy intervals of less than 6 months, 6 to 11 months, 12 to 17 months, and 18 months or more; hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (gestational hypertension and preeclampsia), preterm birth at less than 37 weeks, low birth weight ( <  2500 g), congenital anomalies, and gestational diabetes. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were done to examine the independent role of the degree of short interpregnancy interval and each outcome. RESULTS: A total of 1,462 patients were included in the analysis, with 80 pregnancies occurring at interpregnancy intervals less than 6 months, 181 at 6 to 11 months, 223 at 12 to 17 months, and 978 at 18 months or more. In unadjusted analysis, patients with interpregnancy intervals less than 6 months had the highest rate of preterm birth at 15.0%. In addition, patients with interpregnancy intervals less than 6 months and 12 to 17 months had higher rates of congenital anomalies versus those with interpregnancy intervals of 18 months or more. In multivariate analysis, controlling for sociodemographic and clinical confounding factors, interpregnancy intervals less than 6 months were associated with 2.3 higher odds of preterm birth (95% CI, 1.13-4.68), and those 12 to 17 months were associated with 2.52 higher odds of congenital anomalies (95% CI, 1.22-5.20). The odds of gestational diabetes were lower with interpregnancy intervals of 6 to 11 months compared to those 18 months or more (aOR 0.26; 95% CI, 0.08-0.85). CONCLUSIONS: In this single-site cohort, people with interpregnancy intervals less than 6 months had higher odds of preterm birth, while those with interpregnancy intervals 12 to 17 months had higher odds of congenital anomalies, compared with the control group with interpregnancy intervals greater than or equal to 18 months. Future research should focus on identifying modifiable risk factors for short interpregnancy intervals and interventions to reduce them.
Longitudinal Metabolic Profiling of Maternal Obesity, Gestational Diabetes, and Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorders.; CONTEXT: Comprehensive assessment of metabolism in maternal obesity and pregnancy disorders can provide information about the shared maternal-fetal milieu and give insight into both maternal long-term health and intergenerational transmission of disease burden. OBJECTIVE: To assess levels, profiles, and change in the levels of metabolic measures during pregnancies complicated by obesity, gestational diabetes (GDM), or hypertensive disorders. DESIGN, SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: A secondary analysis of 2 study cohorts, PREDO and RADIEL, including 741 pregnant women. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed 225 metabolic measures by nuclear magnetic resonance in blood samples collected at median 13 [interquartile range (IQR) 12.4-13.7], 20 (IQR 19.3-23.0), and 28 (27.0-35.0) weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Across all 3 time points women with obesity [body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30kg/m2] in comparison to normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.99 kg/m2) had significantly higher levels of most very-low-density lipoprotein-related measures, many fatty and most amino acids, and more adverse metabolic profiles. The change in the levels of most metabolic measures during pregnancy was smaller in obese than in normal weight women. GDM, preeclampsia, and chronic hypertension were associated with metabolic alterations similar to obesity. The associations of obesity held after adjustment for GDM and hypertensive disorders, but many of the associations with GDM and hypertensive disorders were rendered nonsignificant after adjustment for BMI and the other pregnancy disorders. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that the pregnancy-related metabolic change is smaller in women with obesity, who display metabolic perturbations already in early pregnancy. Metabolic alterations of obesity and pregnancy disorders resembled each other suggesting a shared metabolic origin.
Exposure to maternal diabetes induces salt-sensitive hypertension and impairs renal function in adult rat offspring.; OBJECTIVE: Epidemiological and experimental studies have led to the hypothesis of fetal origin of adult diseases, suggesting that some adult diseases might be determined before birth by altered fetal development. We have previously demonstrated in the rat that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes impairs renal development leading to a reduction in nephron number. Little is known on the long-term consequences of in utero exposure to maternal diabetes. The aim of the study was to assess, in the rat, long-term effects of in utero exposure to maternal diabetes on blood pressure and renal function in adulthood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Diabetes was induced in Sprague-Dawley pregnant rats by streptozotocin on day 0 of gestation. Systolic blood pressure, plasma renin activity, and renal function were measured in the offspring from 1 to 18 months of age. High-salt diet experiments were performed at the prehypertensive stage, and the abundance of tubular sodium transporters was evaluated by Western blot analysis. Kidney tissues were processed for histopathology and glomerular computer-assisted histomorphometry. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrated that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes induces a salt-sensitive hypertension in the offspring associated with a decrease in renal function in adulthood. High-salt diet experiments show an alteration of renal sodium handling that may be explained by a fetal reprogramming of tubular functions in association or as a result of the inborn nephron deficit induced by in utero exposure to maternal diabetes.
Intrauterine Exposure to Diabetic Milieu Does Not Induce Diabetes and Obesity in Male Adulthood in a Novel Rat Model.; Several studies show an association of maternal diabetes during pregnancy with adverse offspring metabolic health. Other studies, however, suggest that this effect might be biased by obesity, which is independently associated with offspring metabolic disease and often coexistent to maternal diabetes. We performed a prospective study in a rat model to test the hypothesis that the burden of a diabetic pregnancy without obesity deteriorates metabolic health in male offspring. We generated maternal type 2 diabetes before conception that persisted during pregnancy by knockdown of the insulin receptor in small hairpin RNA-expressing transgenic rats. Male WT (wild type) offspring were followed up until adulthood and metabolically challenged by high-fat diet. Blood glucose was measured continuously via a telemetry device. Glucose and insulin tolerance tests were performed, and body composition was analyzed. Weight gain and glucose levels during adolescence and adulthood were similar in male offspring of diabetic and control pregnancies. Body weight and fat mass after high-fat diet, as well as glucose and insulin tolerance tests, were unaltered between male adult offspring of both groups. Glycemic control consisting of up to 49 000 individual glucose measures was comparable between both groups. Intrauterine exposure to maternal hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia without obesity had no impact on male offspring metabolic health in our model. We conclude that the intrauterine exposure itself does not represent a mechanism for fetal programming of diabetes and obesity in our model. Other maternal metabolic parameters during pregnancy, such as obesity, might impact long-term offspring metabolic health.
Animal models of obstetric complications in relation to schizophrenia.; Epidemiological studies have provided strong evidence that exposure to obstetric complications is associated with an increased risk for later development of schizophrenia. These human studies have now begun to tease out which specific pregnancy, labor/delivery or neonatal complications might confer greatest risk for schizophrenia. Animal modeling can be a useful tool to directly ask if a particular obstetric complication can actually cause changes in brain function or behavior resembling changes in schizophrenia. This review describes currently available animal models for some of the obstetric complications with greatest effect size for schizophrenia, including maternal diabetes, preeclampsia, infection and stress during pregnancy, intrauterine growth retardation and fetal/neonatal hypoxia. Where available, evidence that these types of obstetric complications in animals produce alterations in CNS function or behavior, related to features of schizophrenic pathology, is presented. Animal models might provide insights into the mechanisms by which specific obstetric complications have long-term influence on brain development leading to increased risk for schizophrenia. Factors common to several obstetric complications associated with schizophrenia may also be discerned. In this way, animal modeling may provide the framework for human studies to ask further more refined questions concerning the role of specific obstetric factors contributing to schizophrenia, and may provide clues to prevention.
Metformin in obstetric and gynecologic practice: a review.; Metformin is a common treatment for women who have insulin resistance manifesting as type 2 diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). With an increasing number of these patients conceiving, it is expected that the use of metformin in and around the time of pregnancy will increase. This article reassesses the mechanisms, safety, and clinical experience of metformin use in obstetrics and gynecology. Metformin is an attractive therapeutic option because administration is simple, hypoglycemia rare, and weight loss promoted. There is a large volume of research supporting the use of metformin treatment in diabetes mellitus, androgenization, anovulation, infertility, and recurrent miscarriage. Although metformin is known to cross the placenta, there is, as yet, no evidence of teratogenicity. Metformin has an array of complex actions, accounting for the varied clinical roles, many of which are still to be fully evaluated. Much research is still needed.
Hypertension and pregnancy-related hypertension.; Pregnant women with hypertension can be divided into two groups: normotensive women who develop the uniquely pregnancy-related syndrome of preeclampsia, which is characterized by hypertension, proteinuria, and edema; and women with chronic hypertension who become pregnant and are at increased risk for developing superimposed preeclampsia. Preeclampsia is a syndrome of generalized endothelial dysfunction initiated by abnormal placentation and consequent placental under-perfusion, release of cytokines and other toxins, and vasoconstriction and platelet activation. Preeclampsia is the major cause of both maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality and may be complicated by eclampsia (seizures) and hepatic and renal failure. The process is completely reversible by delivery of the fetus and placenta, but intrauterine growth retardation and premature delivery pose major threats to the fetus and may require care in tertiary care center. Treatment of preexisting or pregnancy-induced hypertension does not prevent or reverse the process, but is justified to prevent maternal cardiovascular complications, especially during labor and delivery.
Alternative parameters for echocardiographic assessment of fetal diastolic function.; Alternative methods to assess ventricular diastolic function in the fetus are proposed. Fetal myocardial hypertrophy in maternal diabetes was used as a model of decreased left ventricular compliance (LVC), and fetal respiratory movements as a model of increased LVC. Comparison of three groups of fetuses showed that, in 10 fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) with septal hypertrophy (SH), the mean excursion index of the septum primum (EISP) (ratio between the linear excursion of the flap valve and the left atrial diameter) was 0.36 +/- 0.09, in 8 FDM without SH it was 0.51 +/- 0.09 (P=0.001), and in the 8 normal control fetuses (NCF) it was 0.49 +/- 0.12 (P=0.003). In another study, 28 fetuses in apnea had a mean EISP of 0.39 +/- 0.05 which increased to 0.57 +/- 0.07 during respiration (P<0.001). These two studies showed that the mobility of the septum primum was reduced when LVC was decreased and was increased when LVC was enhanced. Mean pulmonary vein pulsatility was higher in 14 FDM (1.83 +/- 1.21) than in 26 NCF (1.02 +/- 0.31; P=0.02). In the same fetuses, mean left atrial shortening was decreased (0.40 +/- 0.11) in relation to NCF (0.51 +/- 0.09; P=0.011). These results suggest that FDM may have a higher preload than normal controls, probably as a result of increased myocardial mass and LV hypertrophy. Prenatal assessment of LV diastolic function by fetal echocardiography should include analysis of septum primum mobility, pulmonary vein pulsatility, and left atrial shortening.
Inferior vena cava thrombosis presenting as non-immune hydrops in the fetus of a woman with diabetes.; We present a rare case of non-immune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) caused by a thrombus in the inferior vena cava in a neonate with low levels of anti-thrombin III. The diagnosis of (NIHF) was made in utero in a 43-year-old woman with poorly controlled gestational diabetes who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia. Cesarean section was performed due to fetal compromise and worsening pre-eclampsia. The thrombus resolved after neonatal treatment with heparin.
Effects of beta 1-adrenoceptor blockade in the treatment of hypertension during pregnancy in diabetic women.; The effects of beta 1-blockade were investigated in 18 hypertensive pregnant diabetic women. The same women served as controls, covering a period just before therapy. The blood pressure was reduced in 14 women (p less than 0.01). The change in blood glucose homeostasis was statistically not different from the control period. Insulin doses were not affected. The fetal heart rate was affected by therapy, causing a decrease in baseline rate (p less than 0.05) and in acceleration amplitude (p less than 0.05). Although the incidence of suspect fetal distress, intrauterine growth retardation and preterm delivery was high, all surviving infants had normal Apgar scores at 5 and 10 min. Perinatal mortality consisted of one stillbirth. Except for respiratory problems, the incidence of neonatal complications was low. All survivors were healthy at follow-up. We found beta 1-blockade to be effective and safe in this group of high-risk pregnancies, and suggest it as an alternative for anti-hypertensive therapy in diabetic pregnancy.
Association of DiGeorge anomaly and caudal dysplasia sequence in a neonate born to a diabetic mother.; AIM/OBJECTIVE: Several studies have demonstrated a significantly increased risk of specific patterns of congenital anomalies in infants born to diabetic mothers. In particular, caudal dysplasia sequence has been linked to pregnancy complicated by maternal diabetes. In addition, several cases of infants born to diabetic mothers presenting with features of DiGeorge anomaly have been reported. Infants with DiGeorge anomaly can display additional manifestations within the spectrum of caudal dysplasia sequence, including vertebral anomalies and renal agenesis. METHODS: We report a neonate presenting with the co-occurrence of features of both DiGeorge anomaly and caudal dysplasia sequence, born to a mother with poorly controlled insulin-dependent diabetes. RESULTS: The patient was affected by truncus arteriosus type A1 and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. CONCLUSION: Maternal diabetes can cause a spectrum of manifestations, expressing with isolated DiGeorge anomaly or caudal dysplasia sequence, with intermediate phenotypes or with the co-occurrence of both the congenital anomalies in the same patient. The present observations argue for a feasible link between truncus arteriosus with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, DiGeorge anomaly, and maternal diabetes.
Impact of risk factors other than prematurity on periventricular leukomalacia. A population-based matched case control study.; OBJECTIVE: Periventricular leukomalacia (PVL) is a neonatal brain white matter injury associated with development of cerebral palsy, intellectual impairment, and visual disturbances. PVL is more common in premature neonates. Our objective was to examine the impact of several potential risk factors other than prematurity on the incidence of PVL. STUDY DESIGN: A case-control study based on the Slovenian National Perinatal Information System data for the period 2002-2011. All singleton and twin pregnancies delivered at ≥22 weeks' in Slovenia during the study period were included. Cases were pregnancies with PVL in at least one neonate. For each pregnancy in the case cohort, three pregnancies matched by gestational age and plurality were selected. Chi-square test was used to examine the associations between PVL and several potential risk factors: maternal age, pre-pregnancy body-mass-index, preexisting diabetes, gestational diabetes, pregnancy after in-vitro-fertilization, severe preeclampsia, vaginal delivery, no steroid therapy prior to delivery, small for gestational age, and fetal-inflammatory-response-syndrome. P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: One lakh ninety one thousand and eighty three singleton and 3377 twin pregnancies delivered at ≥22 weeks' in Slovenia during the study period. PVL was diagnosed in 86 singletons (0.045%) and 25 twins (0.74%). In all twin pregnancy cases only one twin was diagnosed with PVL. 258 singleton and 75 twin controls were matched to the 86 singleton and 25 twin cases. Of all risk factors studied, only maternal obesity and chorioamnionitis were significantly associated with PVL. CONCLUSION: Maternal obesity and chorioamnionitis increase the risk of PVL beyond that expected solely from prematurity.
Association of the Severity of Hypertensive Disorders in Pregnancy with Birthweight, Childhood Obesity, and Blood Pressure at Age 7.; We aimed to examine the effects of various severities of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy on birthweight, blood pressure (BP), and body mass index in offspring at age 7. In the China Labor and Delivery Survey and the United States Collaborative Perinatal Project (CPP), the relationship of the severity of hypertensive disorders and nutritional and cardiovascular outcomes in offspring was assessed using a multivariable logistic and general linear regression model. In both datasets, those with gestational hypertension were more likely to deliver large for gestational age (LGA) and macrosomia (adjusted odds ratios (aOR) ranged from 1.29 to 1.91), as well as low birth weight (LBW) neonates (aOR ranged from 1.23 to 3.56), compared with normotensive mothers. In the CPP, when gestational hypertension was further stratified into mild and severe, only those with mild gestational hypertension (the mild group) were more likely to deliver macrosomia and LGA (aOR ranged from 1.25 to 1.32). Others (severe gestational hypertension and preeclampsia/eclampsia) were closely related to LBW and small for gestational age (aOR ranged from 1.27 to 2.77). Moreover, children of mothers in the mild group tended to be overweight/obese and had elevated diastolic BP. We concluded that the severity of hypertensive disorders had different effects on birthweight, childhood overweight, and BP.
Growth factors in preeclampsia: a vascular disease model. A failed vasodilation and angiogenic challenge from pregnancy onwards?; Preeclampsia is the major cause of maternofetal and neonatal morbi-mortality including intrauterine growth retardation, miscarriages and stillbirths. Inadequate vascular dilation and angiogenesis represent the crucial underlying defect of gravidic hypertension, denoting a failed response to the vasodilatory and pro-angiogenic challenge imposed by pregnancy, especially if multifetal. A similar pathogenesis appears involved in gestational diabetes. In this review we aimed to provide a hint on understanding the deeply involved angiogenic disorders which eventually culminate in utero-placental failure. The key players in these complex processes may be found in an intricate network of growth factors (GFs) and GF inhibitors, controlled by several vascular risk factors modulated by environment and genes, which eventually impact on early and late cardiovascular outcomes of mother and fetus.
Associations Between Sedentary Time, Physical Activity, and Cardiovascular Health in 6-Year-Old Children Born to Mothers With Increased Cardiometabolic Risk.; PURPOSE: To assess associations between sedentary time (ST), physical activity (PA), and cardiovascular health in early childhood. METHOD: Cross-sectional study including 160 children (age 6.1 y [SD 0.5], 86 boys, 93 maternal body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2, and 73 gestational diabetes) assessed for pulse wave velocity, echocardiography, ultra-high frequency 48-70 MHz vascular ultrasound, and accelerometery. RESULTS: Boys had 385 (SD 53) minutes per day ST, 305 (SD 44) minutes per day light PA, and 81 (SD 22) minutes per day moderate to vigorous PA (MVPA). Girls had 415 (SD 50) minutes per day ST, 283 (SD 40) minutes per day light PA, and 66 (SD 19) minutes per day MVPA. In adjusted analyses, MVPA was inversely associated with resting heart rate (β = -6.6; 95% confidence interval, -12.5 to -0.7) and positively associated with left ventricular mass (β = 6.8; 1.4-12.3), radial intima-media thickness (β = 11.4; 5.4-17.5), brachial intima-media thickness (β = 8.0; 2.0-14.0), and femoral intima-media thickness (β = 1.3; 0.2-2.3). MVPA was inversely associated with body fat percentage (β = -3.4; -6.6 to -0.2), diastolic blood pressure (β = -0.05; -0.8 to -0.1), and femoral (β = -18.1; -32.4 to -0.8) and radial (β = -13.4; -24.0 to -2.9) circumferential wall stress in boys only. ST and pulse wave velocity showed no significant associations. CONCLUSIONS: In young at-risk children, MVPA is associated with cardiovascular remodeling, partly in a sex-dependant way, likely representing physiological adaptation, but ST shows no association with cardiovascular health in early childhood.
Umbilical velocity wave ratios in human pregnancy.; Umbilical artery velocity waves were measured in the fetuses from 130 pregnant women. One hundred eighty-five determinations were carried out from the fourteenth to the fortieth weeks of pregnancy. Detection of waveforms was carried out on an Angioscan Doppler spectrum analyzer. The umbilical artery velocity waves can be differentiated from other fetal signals by recognition of the pattern. The systolic peak of the velocity wave was divided by the end-diastolic value, thereby giving an S/D ratio. The use of a ratio overcomes the obstacle of not knowing the angle between the incident beam and the direction of motion. The umbilical velocity wave S/D ratio in normal pregnancies declines from 2.8 to 2.2 from 25 to 41 weeks. In pregnancies which result in a small-for-gestational age (SGA) fetus, the ratio is significantly higher, showing an average level of 3.8 at 29 weeks and declining to 3.0 at 40 weeks. Abnormal umbilical velocity wave values are seen in an SGA fetus, unexplained fetal death, poorly controlled diabetes mellitus, and a twin transfusion syndrome. Application of this technique has the potential of being an important aid in prenatal care.
Incident Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes Following a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The extent to which a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is associated with incident cardiovascular disease also among women with diabetes is unknown. METHODS: In this nationwide register-based cohort study, parous women aged 18 to 69 years with a first delivery in the Swedish Medical Birth Register, regardless of diabetic status at that time, and a subsequent clinical visit in the Swedish National Diabetes Register were included. Time to first cardiovascular disease event (myocardial infarction, stroke, or heart failure) before age 70 years by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy history was separately analyzed by diabetes type using Cox regression models that included conventional risk factors. RESULTS: In total, 1748 (18.9%) of 9230 women with type 1 and 5904 (10.6%) of 55 773 women with type 2 diabetes had their first delivery complicated by a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Median time (25-75th percentile) between first delivery and start of follow-up was 3.3 (1.4-13.0) years for women with type 1 and 29.8 (22.4-35.6) years for women with type 2 diabetes. In modeling, the risk for any cardiovascular disease event among women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was generally 10% to 20% higher, with main models estimating hazard ratios to 1.20 (95% CI, 0.99-1.47) for women with type 1 and 1.15 (95% CI, 1.02-1.29) for women with type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: In women with diabetes, a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease and should be considered as a risk enhancer.
Computerised analysis of fetal heart rate recordings in patients with diabetes mellitus: the Dawes-Redman criteria may not be valid indicators of fetal well-being.; Computerised cardiotocograph analysis has been used in our medical antenatal clinic for women with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus for five years. We had observed that many of the patients failed the computer criteria and wished to examine this finding in more detail. All cardiotocographs from 40 pregnant women with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus who delivered between 1992 and 1995 were reviewed. The number of traces failing the criteria were calculated. Outcome was compared between patients with a normal trace and those with an abnormal trace. 233 recordings were examined. 30.5% of antenatal CTGs failed the criteria because of absent high episodes of variation (a parameter which is a specific marker of fetal well-being). After excluding repeat traces on all patients a sample of 26 traces was examined. 34.6% of these had failed because of absent high episodes of variation. Both these figures are significantly higher than the published normal values. There was no apparent difference in neonatal outcome between women whose trace had failed (9) and those with a normal trace (17). We suggest that the normal values of criteria used to analyse computerised CTGs may not be valid when applied to fetuses of women with diabetes mellitus.
Observational assessments of the relationship of dietary and pharmacological treatment on continuous measures of dysglycemia over 24 hours in women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: Studies that use continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) to monitor women with gestational diabetes (GDM), highlight the importance of managing dysglycemia over a 24-hour period. However, the effect of current treatment methods on dysglycemia over 24-hrs are currently unknown. This study aimed to characterise CGM metrics over 24-hrs in women with GDM and the moderating effect of treatment strategy. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of CGM data from 128 women with GDM in antenatal diabetes clinics. CGM was measured for 7-days between 30-32 weeks gestation. Non-parametric tests were used to evaluate differences of CGM between periods of day (morning, afternoon, evening, and overnight) and between treatment methods (i.e., diet alone or diet+metformin). Exploratory analysis in a subgroup of 34 of participants was performed to investigate the association between self-reported macronutrient intake and glycaemic control. RESULTS: Glucose levels significantly differed during the day (i.e., morning to evening; P<0.001) and were significantly higher (i.e., mean blood glucose and area under the curve [AUC]) and more variable (i.e., SD and CV) than overnight glucose levels. Morning showed the highest amount of variability (CV; 8.4% vs 6.5%, P<0.001 and SD; 0.49 mmol/L vs 0.38 mmol/L, P<0.001). When comparing treatment methods, mean glucose (6.09 vs 5.65 mmol/L; P<0.001) and AUC (8760.8 vs 8115.1 mmol/L.hr; P<0.001) were significantly higher in diet+metformin compared to diet alone. Finally, the exploratory analysis revealed a favourable association between higher protein intake (+1SD or +92 kcal/day) and lower mean glucose (-0.91 mmol/L p, P=0.02) and total AUC (1209.6 mmol/L.h, P=0.021). CONCLUSIONS: Glycemia varies considerably across a day, with morning glycemia demonstrating greatest variability. Additionally, our work supports that individuals assigned to diet+metformin have greater difficulty managing glycemia and results suggest that increased dietary protein may assist with management of dysglycemia. Future work is needed to investigate the benefit of increased protein intake on management of dysglycemia.
Third trimester abdominal circumference, estimated fetal weight and uterine artery doppler for the identification of newborns small and large for gestational age.; OBJECTIVE: To understand if ultrasound biometric evaluation at 30-32 weeks of gestation is a valuable screening tool for the detection of small-for-gestational-age (SGA) and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants at birth in a low risk population. STUDY DESIGN: We enrolled 1848 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy undergoing routine fetal biometry. We divided the infants into four groups: moderate SGA, severe SGA, moderate LGA and severe LGA. We considered third-trimester estimated fetal weight (EFW), abdominal circumference (AC), EFW centile (EFWc), AC centile (ACc) and compared their prediction toward SGA and LGA to determine which of these parameters was the best estimator for fetal size. Then we took the strongest predictive value and added all history-related and ultrasound factors to run a stepdown multivariate logistic regression. All the variables were then dichotomized and sensitivity models only for statistically significant parameters were calculated. RESULTS: We identified the following predictive factors for each outcome: for severe SGA: EFWc with p<0.001, uterine artery pulsatility index (UtA PI) with p<0.002. For moderate SGA: EFWc with p<0.001, UtA PI with p<0.004, maternal preeclampsia p<0.002. For moderate and severe LGA: EFWc with p<0.001. CONCLUSION: We can detect in a low-risk population a group at risk of growth deviations. Adding Doppler velocimetry to 30-32 weeks EFWc improves the specificity (84%) regarding SGA newborns, maintaining a good sensitivity (71%), and reducing the population to be re-screened from 27 to 17%. An ultrasound examination at 34-36 weeks or the clinical assessment of maternal risk factors remain the best tools for LGA newborns.
The Association of Childbirth with Medical Debt in the USA, 2019-2020.; BACKGROUND: Medical debt affects one in five adults in the USA and may disproportionately burden postpartum women due to pregnancy-related medical costs. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between childbirth and medical debt, and the correlates of medical debt among postpartum women, in the USA. DESIGN: Cross-sectional. PARTICIPANTS: We analyzed female "sample adults" 18-49 years old in the 2019-2020 National Health Interview Survey, a nationally representative household survey. MAIN MEASURES: Our primary exposure was whether the subject gave birth in the past year. We had two family-level debt outcomes: problems paying medical bills and inability to pay medical bills. We examined the association between live birth and medical debt outcomes, unadjusted and adjusted for potential confounders in multivariable logistic regressions. Among postpartum women, we also examined the association between medical debt with maternal asthma, hypertension, and gestational diabetes and several sociodemographic factors. KEY RESULTS: Our sample included n = 12,163 women, n = 645 with a live birth in the past year. Postpartum women were younger, more likely to have Medicaid, and lived in larger families than those not postpartum. 19.8% of postpartum women faced difficulty with medical bills versus 15.1% who were not; in multivariable regression, postpartum women had 48% higher adjusted odds of medical debt problems (95% CI 1.13, 1.92). Results were similar when examining inability to pay medical bills, and similar differences were seen for privately insured women. Among postpartum women, those with lower incomes and with asthma or gestational diabetes, but not hypertension, had significantly higher adjusted odds of medical debt problems. CONCLUSIONS: Postpartum women experience higher levels of medical debt than other women; poorer women and those with common chronic diseases may have an even higher burden. Policies to expand and improve health coverage for this population are needed to improve maternal health and the welfare of young families.
Factors influencing pregnancy outcome in women with type 2 versus type 1 diabetes mellitus.; AIM: To compare pregnancy outcome and factors related to adverse perinatal outcome in women with type 1 versus type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Multicentre retrospective study. Some 404 women were studied, 257 with type 1 DM and 147 with type 2 DM. Main outcome measures were rates of prematurity, macrosomia, instrumental deliveries, congenital malformations, need for neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and perinatal mortality. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in pregnancy outcome between women with type 1 and type 2 DM, except for an increased rate of instrumental deliveries in women with type 1 DM. In these women, duration of diabetes was a significant predictor of caesarean delivery (OR =1.06 (1.01-1.12); p=0.02). Chronic hypertension was positively related to prematurity (p=0.02), and proved to be a significant predictor of birth weight lower than 2,500 g (OR =3.54 (1.4-12.49); p=0.043) and perinatal mortality (OR =10.6 (1.15-117.6); p=0.04). In women with type 2 DM, third trimester higher glycosylated haemoglobin was related to both prematurity (OR 4.9 (1.7-14.4; p=0.004) and low birth weight. Macrosomia was a significant risk factor for caesarean section. First trimester glycosylated haemoglobin was related to congenital malformations and proved to be a significant predictor of perinatal mortality (OR =2.4 (1.02-5.74); p=0.04). CONCLUSIONS: Duration of DM and chronic hypertension were the most influential factors related to adverse perinatal outcomes in women with type 1 DM, and poor metabolic control and macrosomia in women with type 2 DM.
Maternal and perinatal health outcomes by body mass index category.; AIMS: To determine the effect of increasing maternal body mass index (BMI) during pregnancy on maternal and infant health outcomes. METHODS: The South Australian Pregnancy Outcome Unit's population database, 2008 was accessed to determine pregnancy outcomes according to maternal BMI. Women with a normal BMI (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2) ) formed a reference population, to which women in other BMI categories were compared utilising risk ratios and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Overweight and obese women had an increased risk of gestational diabetes, hypertension and iatrogenic preterm birth. Labour was more likely to be induced, and the risk of caesarean birth was increased. Infants were more likely to require resuscitation at birth and to have birth weight in excess of 4 kg. The risk increased with increasing maternal BMI. CONCLUSIONS: There is a well-documented increased risk of maternal and perinatal health complications for women who are overweight or obese during pregnancy.
Pain response to vaccination in newborn infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Response to pain is altered in infants who were exposed to pain- and stressful events in the neonatal period. Infants of diabetic mothers receive several heel sticks after birth for measuring blood glucose and thus may show changes in their behavioral and physiologic response to pain. Moreover, maternal hyperglycemia may alter activity of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis reactivity. STUDY DESIGN: In total, 43 infants of diabetic mothers and 30 control infants were included into the study. Response to pain was assessed at 3 months of age following two intramuscular injections for vaccination. We assessed behavioral (Bernese pain scale), physiologic (heart rate) and hormonal (salivary cortisol) pain response to vaccination as well as spinal sensitization (flexion withdrawal reflex). RESULTS: Infants of diabetic mothers received a median number of 5 [4-19] painful events compared to 1 [1-3] in the control group. Heart rate reactivity differed significantly between groups. Infants of diabetic mothers had higher peaks (p = 0.002) and needed more time to recover to baseline (p < 0.001). Moreover, infants of diabetic mothers showed higher peak cortisol (p = 0.001) and a higher relative cortisol increase (p = 0.015). Flexor withdrawal reflex thresholds were significantly lower in infants of diabetic mothers (p = 0.003). CONCLUSION: The increase of physiologic and hormonal responses to pain in infants of diabetic mothers is probably caused by repeated painful events and an altered metabolic profile.
Continuation of metformin reduces early pregnancy loss in obese Pakistani women with polycystic ovarian syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is the most common cause of anovulatory infertility worldwide. In addition to a poor conception rate, pregnancy loss rates are significantly higher (30-50%) during the first trimester in women with PCOS. Insulin resistance (IR) in this syndrome is not only implicated toward early pregnancy loss (EPL) but also pathognomic for various obstetrical complications during pregnancy. We evaluated the role of Metformin in the reduction of EPL in women with PCOS who conceived spontaneously or after induction ovulation with or without Metformin. OBJECTIVE: The primary objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of Metformin in the reduction of EPL in women with PCOS. Secondary outcomes like gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension and intrauterine growth restriction were also analyzed at the end of the study. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This case-control study was conducted from March 2005 to March 2008 in the infertility and antenatal clinics of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi, Pakistan. A total of 197 infertile women with PCOS were included. 'Cases' were women with PCOS who conceived while taking Metformin and it whom it was continued throughout pregnancy. 'Controls' were women in whom Metformin was either stopped in first trimester after confirmation of pregnancy (by serum betaHCG or by ultrasound) or they conceived spontaneously without the use of Metformin. RESULTS: All 197 women in this study had a confirmed diagnosis of PCOS (Rotterdam criteria). These women were followed till the final outcome of pregnancy was achieved. Both groups were compared for risk of EPL. It was found that continuation of Metformin during pregnancy reduces EPL, i.e. 8.8 vs. 29.4% in cases and controls, respectively (p < 0.001). In the subset of women with a prior history of miscarriage, the pregnancy loss rate was 12.5% in the Metformin versus 49.4% in control group (p = 0.002). CONCLUSION: Metformin continuation during pregnancy significantly reduces EPL in women with PCOS. IR may play a significant role in EPL.
Gestational diabetes and ultrasound-assessed fetal growth in South Asian and White European women: findings from a prospective pregnancy cohort.; BACKGROUND: Maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) is an established risk factor for large size at birth, but its influence on intrauterine fetal growth in different ethnic populations is less well understood. Here, we examine the joint associations of GDM and ethnicity with longitudinal fetal growth in South Asian and White European origin women. METHODS: This study included 10,705 singletons (4747 White European and 5958 South Asian) from a prospective cohort of women attending an antenatal clinic in Bradford, in the North of England. All women completed a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks' gestation. Ultrasound measurements of fetal head circumference (HC), femur length (FL) abdominal circumference (AC), and estimated fetal weight (EFW), and corresponding anthropometric measurements at birth were used to derive fetal growth trajectories. Associations of GDM and ethnicity with these trajectories were assessed using multilevel fractional polynomial models. RESULTS: Eight hundred thirty-two pregnancies (7.8%) were affected by GDM: 10.4% of South Asians and 4.4% of White Europeans. GDM was associated with a smaller fetal size in early pregnancy [differences (95% CI) in mean HC at 12 weeks and mean AC and EFW at 16 weeks comparing fetuses exposed to GDM to fetuses unexposed (reference) = - 1.8 mm (- 2.6; - 1.0), - 1.7 mm (- 2.5; - 0.9), and - 6 g (- 10; - 2)] and a greater fetal size from 24 weeks' gestation through to term [differences (95% CI) in mean HC, AC, and EFW comparing fetuses exposed to GDM to those unexposed = 0.9 mm (0.3; 1.4), 0.9 mm (0.2; 1.7), and 7 g (0; 13) at 24 weeks]. Associations of GDM with fetal growth were of similar magnitude in both ethnic groups. Growth trajectories, however, differed by ethnicity with South Asians being smaller than White Europeans irrespective of GDM status. Consequently, South Asian fetuses exposed to GDM were smaller across gestation than fetuses of White Europeans without GDM. CONCLUSIONS: In both ethnic groups, GDM is associated with early fetal size deviations prior to GDM diagnosis, highlighting the need for novel strategies to diagnose pregnancy hyperglycemia earlier than current methods. Our findings also suggest that ethnic-specific fetal growth criteria are important in identifying hyperglycemia-associated pathological effects.
[Obesity and its consequences for pregnant women].; Obesity is an increasingly common disease complicating the course of pregnancy, labour and post-birth recovery. Therefore, conscious decision about conception seems to be vital as maternal obesity can also influence the baby's birth weight and health. The cascade of complications that may occur in the perinatal period in women with excessive BMI has a negative impact on the mother and the child, what translates directly into significant problems--of obstetric and gynaecological, pediatric and often also physiotherapeutic nature.
Oxidative stress is responsible for maternal diabetes-impaired transforming growth factor beta signaling in the developing mouse heart.; OBJECTIVE: Oxidative stress plays a causal role in diabetic embryopathy. Maternal diabetes induces heart defects and impaired transforming growth factor beta (TGFβ) signaling, which is essential for cardiogenesis. We hypothesize that mitigating oxidative stress through superoxide dismutase 1 (SOD1) overexpression in transgenic (Tg) mice reverses maternal hyperglycemia-impaired TGFβ signaling and its downstream effectors. STUDY DESIGN: Day 12.5 embryonic hearts from wild-type (WT) and SOD1 overexpressing embryos of nondiabetic (ND) and diabetic mellitus (DM) dams were used for the detection of oxidative stress markers: 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE) and malondlaldehyde (MDA), and TGFβ1, 2, and 3, phosphor (p)-TGFβ receptor II (TβRII), p-phosphorylated mothers against decapentaplegic (Smad)2, and p-Smad3. The expression of 3 TGFβ-responsive genes was also assessed. Day 11.5 embryonic hearts were explanted and cultured ex vivo, with or without treatments of a SOD1 mimetic (Tempol; Enzo Life Science, Farmingdale, NY) or a TGFβ recombinant protein for the detection of TGFβ signaling intermediates. RESULTS: Levels of 4-HNE and MDA were significantly increased by maternal diabetes, and SOD1 overexpression blocked the increase of these 2 oxidative stress markers. Maternal diabetes suppresses the TGFβ signaling pathway by down-regulating TGFβ1 and TGFβ3 expression. Consequently, phosphorylation of TβRII, Smad2, and Smad3, downstream effectors of TGFβ, and expression of 3 TGFβ-responsive genes were reduced by maternal diabetes, and these reductions were prevented by SOD1 overexpression. Treatment with Tempol or TGFβ recombinant protein restored high-glucose-suppressed TGFβ signaling intermediates and responsive gene expression. CONCLUSION: Oxidative stress mediates the inhibitory effect of hyperglycemia in the developing heart. Antioxidants, TGFβ recombinant proteins, or TGFβ agonists may have potential therapeutic values in the prevention of heart defects in diabetic pregnancies.
The administration of metformin during pregnancy reduces polycystic ovary syndrome related gestational complications.; OBJECTIVES: To prospectively evaluate the safety of metformin administration during pregnancy in a group of PCOS patients by assessing its effect on the prevalence of gestational complications and neonatal outcome. STUDY DESIGN: Our prospective, single centre study included 98 pregnant women with PCOS treated with metformin throughout pregnancy and 110 normal pregnant controls. All PCOS patients were hyperinsulinemic and received metformin (1700-3000 mg/day) before conception and until 37 weeks' gestation. RESULTS: Metformin treatment in the pregnant PCOS patients resulted in significant decrease in miscarriage rate (9.1% vs 20%; p<0.05), gestational diabetes (0 vs 13%; p<0.005), and gestational hypertension (0 vs 11%; p<0.005) and a non-significant decrease in pre-eclampsia (0 vs 3%; p=.24), compared to the control group. Mean neonatal Apgar score, weight and length were comparable between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Continuing metformin therapy throughout pregnancy resulted in significant reduction in pregnancy complications with concomitant improved neonatal outcome, with no serious deleterious side effects.
Association of infant diet with subsequent obesity at 2-5 years among children exposed to gestational diabetes: the SWIFT study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESES: This longitudinal analysis evaluated the independent and joint associations of any breastfeeding (BF) or exclusive BF (EBF) and intake of sugar-sweetened beverages (SSBs) and 100% fruit juice from birth to 1 year with subsequent overweight and obesity among young children exposed to gestational diabetes (GDM). METHODS: The analysis utilised prospectively collected data from participants enrolled in the Study of Women, Infant Feeding and Type 2 Diabetes after GDM (SWIFT); 1035 pregnant women (20-45 years) diagnosed with GDM, of whom 75% were of Black, Hispanic or Asian race and ethnicity. Mother-infant dyad characteristics and infant dietary intake were assessed via research protocols at in-person examinations, telephone interviews and monthly mailed surveys from birth to 1 year. Child weight, length and height were obtained from electronic health records at birth (2008-2011) and ages 2-5 years (2010-2016) to classify BMI percentile groups (n = 835). RESULTS: Adequate BF (≥6 months), adequate EBF duration (≥6 months), and SSB and 100% fruit juice intake in the first year were independently associated with child obesity at ages 2-5 years (all p < 0.05). Compared with children with adequate EBF and no intake of SSB or 100% fruit juice, those with adequate EBF and intake of 100% fruit juice and/or SSBs had a four- to fivefold higher odds of obesity (aOR 4.2, 95% CI:1.6, 11.2 for 100% fruit juice; aOR 4.5, 95% CI:1.4, 8.5 for fruit juice or SSBs; and aOR 4.7, 95% CI:1.4, 15 for SSBs; all p < 0.01), while those with inadequate EBF (<6 months) and intake of 100% fruit juice and/or SSBs had a six- to 12-fold higher odds of obesity (aOR 6.4, 95% CI:2.4, 17.2 for fruit juice; aOR 6.6, 95% CI:2.7, 14.8 for fruit juice or SSBs; and aOR 12.2, 95% CI:4.3, 25 for SSBs; all p < 0.001). Compared with children with adequate BF and no intake of SSB or 100% fruit juice, those with adequate BF and intake of 100% fruit juice and/or SSBs had a threefold higher odds of obesity (aOR 3.1, 95% CI:1.1, 7.3 for fruit juice; aOR 3.3, 95% CI:1.3, 8.3 for fruit juice or SSBs; and aOR 3.4, 95% CI:1.3, 8.5 for SSBs; all p < 0.05), while those with inadequate BF (<6 months) and intake of 100% fruit juice and/or SSB were associated with five- to tenfold higher odds of obesity (aOR 4.8, 95% CI:2.3, 12.2 for fruit juice; aOR 6.0, 95% CI:2.5, 12.8 for fruit juice or SSBs; aOR 9.5, 95% CI:3.7, 15.1 for SSBs; all p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This is the first study to prospectively evaluate the relation of BF or EBF duration and intake of SSB and 100% fruit juice during the first year of life with subsequent obesity in children exposed to GDM. Adequate BF or EBF combined with avoidance of SSB and 100% fruit juice during early infancy may ameliorate future child obesity in this high-risk population.
A prediction model of vaginal birth after cesarean in the preterm period.; BACKGROUND: A validated model exists that predicts the probability of vaginal birth after cesarean delivery in patients at term who are undergoing a trial of labor after cesarean delivery. However, a model that predicts the success of a vaginal birth after cesarean delivery in the preterm period has not been developed. OBJECTIVE: We sought to develop and validate a predictive model for vaginal birth after cesarean delivery for women undergoing a trial of labor after cesarean delivery during the preterm period. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study designed to evaluate perinatal outcomes in women with a prior cesarean scar. We included women with 1 prior low transverse cesarean delivery undergoing a trial of labor after cesarean delivery with a vertex singleton pregnancy in the preterm period (26-36 weeks). Using multivariable logistic regression modeling, we constructed a predictive model for vaginal birth after cesarean delivery with information known at admission for preterm delivery. Using a 70% to 30% random split of the data, the model was developed in the training data and subsequently confirmed in the validation data. Predictions and area under the curve were based on a 10-fold cross-validated jackknife estimation and based on 1000 bootstrap resampling methods. The adequacy of all models was evaluated based on the Hosmer-Lemeshow goodness-of-fit test. RESULTS: One thousand two hundred ninety-five women met our criteria for analysis. The significant predictors of vaginal birth after cesarean delivery success were chronic hypertension, hypertensive disease of pregnancy (gestational hypertension or preeclampsia), prior vaginal delivery, dilation on cervical examination at admission, prior vaginal birth after cesarean delivery, a recurring indication in a prior cesarean delivery, and induction of labor as well as a 2-way interactions between dilation and hypertensive disease of pregnancy, dilation and diabetes mellitus (pregestational or gestational), and induction of labor and hypertensive disease of pregnancy. The area under the curve from the prediction model was 0.80 (95% confidence interval, 0.77-0.83) and the model fit the data well (Hosmer-Lemeshow P = .367). The bootstrap and 10-fold cross-validated jackknife estimates of the corrected area under the curve of the model were 0.78 (95% confidence interval, 0.74-0.82) and 0.77 (95% confidence interval, 0.73-0.82), respectively, following incorporation of regression shrinkage. CONCLUSION: A cross-validated predictive model was created for patients undergoing a trial of labor after cesarean delivery in the preterm period using 8 variables known on admission. These factors were notably different from factors used in the model for term patients. This new model can be used to counsel patients in the preterm period who want to undergo a trial of labor after cesarean delivery on their predicted vaginal birth after cesarean delivery success.
Iron deficiency alters auditory recognition memory in newborn infants of diabetic mothers.; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are at risk for perinatal brain iron deficiency that may target the developing hippocampus. The objective of this study was to evaluate hippocampally based recognition memory and infant development in IDMs with suspected brain iron deficiency (BID; cord ferritin </=34 microg/L) compared with IDMs with sufficient brain iron stores (BIS; cord ferritin >34 microg/L) using event-related potentials (ERPs). ERPs assessed neonatal auditory cortical responses to sounds and auditory recognition memory in response to the mother's voice compared with a stranger's voice. Thirty-two newborn IDMs had cord serum ferritin concentrations and provided neonatal ERP data (n = 23) and/or blinded 1 y developmental assessments (n = 28). Auditory cortical responses to speech and nonspeech sounds were similar in the BID and BIS groups. In the maternal voice recognition paradigm, peak latencies were shorter in the BID group than in the BIS group. Infants in the BIS group displayed a significant negative slow wave for the strangers' voices compared with the mothers' voices, whereas the BID group did not. Higher cord ferritin concentrations were correlated with larger negative slow waves at the right temporal (T4) electrode site. At 1 y of age, motor development was slower in the BID group than in the BIS group. IDMs suspected to have BID demonstrated impaired neonatal auditory recognition memory and lower psychomotor developmental scores at 1 y of age than IDMs with BIS. These impairments map onto areas of the developing brain known to be vulnerable to iron deficiency.
ASK1 mediates the teratogenicity of diabetes in the developing heart by inducing ER stress and inhibiting critical factors essential for cardiac development.; Maternal diabetes in mice induces heart defects similar to those observed in human diabetic pregnancies. Diabetes enhances apoptosis and suppresses cell proliferation in the developing heart, yet the underlying mechanism remains elusive. Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1) activates the proapoptotic c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase 1/2 (JNK1/2) leading to apoptosis, suggesting a possible role of ASK1 in diabetes-induced heart defects. We aimed to investigate whether ASK1 is activated in the heart and whether deleting the Ask1 gene blocks diabetes-induced adverse events and heart defect formation. The ASK1-JNK1/2 pathway was activated by diabetes. Deleting Ask1 gene significantly reduced the rate of heart defects, including ventricular septal defects (VSDs) and persistent truncus arteriosus (PTA). Additionally, Ask1 deletion diminished diabetes-induced JNK1/2 phosphorylation and its downstream transcription factors and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress markers. Consistent with this, caspase activation and apoptosis were blunted. Ask1 deletion blocked the increase in cell cycle inhibitors (p21 and p27) and the decrease in cyclin D1 and D3 and reversed diabetes-repressed cell proliferation. Ask1 deletion also restored the expression of BMP4, NKX2.5, and GATA5, Smad1/5/8 phosphorylation, whose mutations or deletion result in reduced cell proliferation, VSD, and PTA formation. We conclude that ASK1 may mediate the teratogenicity of diabetes through activating the JNK1/2-ER stress pathway and inhibiting cell cycle progression, thereby impeding the cardiogenesis pathways essential for ventricular septation and outflow tract development.
The Role of Endothelial Dysfunction in the Pathogenesis of Pregnancy-Related Pathological Conditions: A Review.; In the recent decades, endothelial dysfunction (ED) has been recognized as a significant contributing factor in the pathogenesis of many pathological conditions. In interaction with atherosclerosis, hypercholesterolemia, and hypertension, ED plays a crucial role in the pathogenesis of coronary artery disease, chronic renal disease, and microvascular complications in diabetes mellitus. Although ED plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of several pregnancy-related disorders such as preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome, fetal growth restriction, and gestational diabetes mellitus, the exact pathogenetic mechanisms are still a matter of debate. The increased prevalence of these entities in patients with preexisting vascular diseases highlights the essential pathological role of the preexisting ED in these patients. The abnormal uteroplacental circulation and the release of soluble factors from the ischemic placenta into the maternal bloodstream are the main causes of the maternal ED underlying the characteristic preeclamptic phenotype. Besides the increased risk for maternal and fetal poor outcomes, the preexisting ED also increases the risk of development of future cardiovascular diseases in these patients. This study aimed to look deeper into the role of ED in the pathogenesis of several pregnancy-related hypertensive and liver diseases. Hopefully, it could contribute to improvement of the awareness, knowledge, and management of these conditions and also to the reduction of the adverse outcomes and additional long-term cardiovascular complications.
Factors predicting severe perineal trauma during childbirth: role of forceps delivery routinely combined with mediolateral episiotomy.; OBJECTIVE: Anal sphincter injury and its sequelae are a recognized complication of vaginal childbirth. The aim of the present study was to identify risk factors for third- and fourth-degree perineal tears in patients undergoing either spontaneous or vaginal-assisted delivery by forceps routinely combined with mediolateral episiotomy. STUDY DESIGN: We retrospectively reviewed 5377 vaginal deliveries based on the analysis of the obstetric database and patient records of our department during a 5-year period from 1999 to 2003. Cases and control subjects were chosen randomly and patients' records were reviewed for the following variables: maternal age, parity, gestational age, tobacco use, gestational diabetes or pregnancy-induced hypertension, use of peridural anesthesia, duration of first and second stages of labor, use of mediolateral episiotomy, forceps combined with mediolateral episiotomy, induction of labor, infant head diameter, shoulder circumference, and birth weight. RESULTS: Of 5044 spontaneous vaginal deliveries 32 (0.6%) and of 333 assisted vaginal deliveries 14 (4.2%) patients sustained a perineal defect involving the external sphincter. An univariate analysis of these 46 cases and 155 randomly selected control subjects showed that low parity (P = .003; Mann-Whitney U test), prolonged first and second stages of labor (P = .001, P = .001), high birth weight (P = .031), episiotomy (P = .004; Fisher exact test), and forceps delivery (P = .002) increased the risk for sphincter damage. In multivariate regression models, only high birth weight (P = .004; odds ratio [OR] 1.68, 1.18-2.41, 95% confidence interval [CI]), and forceps delivery combined with mediolateral episiotomies (P < .001; OR 5.62, 2.16-14.62, 95% CI) proved to be independent risk factors. There was a statistical significant interaction of birth weight and head circumference (P = .012; OR 0.99, 0.98-0.99, 95% CI). Although the use of episiotomy conferred an increased risk toward a higher likelihood of severe perineal trauma, it did not reach statistical significance (P = .06; OR 2.15, 0.97-4.76, 95% CI). CONCLUSIONS: In consistence with previous reports, women who are vaginally delivered of a large infant are at a high risk for sphincter damage. Although the rate of these complications was surprisingly low in vaginally assisted childbirth, the use of forceps, even if routinely combined with mediolateral episiotomy, should be minimized whenever possible.
Pregnancy after vitrectomy for proliferative diabetic retinopathy.; A 26-year-old female with insulin-dependent diabetes of 16 years duration had a vitrectomy for a dense non-resolving vitreous haemorrhage. Two months later she became pregnant. She delivered a healthy baby and despite the known adverse effects of pregnancy on retinopathy no deterioration occurred in visual acuity or in retinal appearance.
[Perinatal pathology and risk groups in postnatal ontogeny].; Perinatal pathology may become the cause of diseases in children and adults. Cardiovascular system of the foetus and placental vessels are examined in the toxicosis of the pregnancy, hypertension of pregnant mothers, immunological system and sex glands in large foetus, thyroid and sex glands of newborns. It is suggested that early atherosclerosis, myocardiopathy, sexual disturbances, endocrinopathy, immunodeficient states are consequences of pathological or "prepathological" development of certain organs and systems of the foetus.
Underestimating risk in women delays diagnosis of CVD.; CVD remains the most common cause of mortality in women. In 2007, the annual mortality in women secondary to CAD was 4.7 times that of breast cancer. Around 2.8 million women are living with CVD in the UK. There has been an increase in the prevalence of MI in women aged 35 to 54, while a decline in prevalence was observed in age-matched men. Difficulty in evaluating symptoms of ischaemic heart disease in women is well documented and remains challenging because of their atypical nature. The main gender difference is that women tend to present less frequently with exertional symptoms of chest pain before an AMI. Although men and women share classic cardiovascular risk factors the relative importance of each risk factor may be gender specific. The impact of smoking is greater in women than men, especially in those under 50. Diabetes is a more potent risk factor for fatal CHD in women than men. Risk factors specific to women include postmenopausal status, hysterectomy and complications during pregnancy. Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus or pre-eclampsia more than double their risk of CVD later in life. Transition to the menopause is associated with a worsening CHD risk profile. After the menopause women may experience an increase in weight, alteration in fat distribution and an increase in other CVD risk factors such as diabetes and a more adverse lipid profile. Pharmacological stress testing is preferred for diagnosing CAD in females with lower exercise capacity. Stress cardiomyopathy is triggered by intense, unexpected emotional or physical stress and is characterised by transient apical systolic dysfunction or ballooning of the left ventricle. The syndrome predominantly affects postmenopausal women. Women presenting with STEMI have worse outcomes compared with men. However, in those presenting with NSTEMI there were no differences in outcomes.
Early-life cancer, infertility, and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a registry linkage study in Massachusetts.; PURPOSE: Investigate the relationship between history of cancer and adverse pregnancy outcomes according to subfertility/fertility treatment. METHODS: Deliveries (2004-2013) from Massachusetts (MA) Registry of Vital Records and Statistics were linked to MA assisted reproductive technology data, hospital discharge records, and Cancer Registry. The relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals of adverse outcomes (gestational diabetes (GDM), gestational hypertension (GHTN), cesarean section (CS), low birth weight (LBW), small for gestational age (SGA), preterm birth (PTB), neonatal mortality, and prolonged neonatal hospital stay) were modeled with log-link and Poisson distribution generalized estimating equations. Differences by history of subfertility/fertility treatment were investigated with likelihood ratio tests. RESULTS: Among 662,630 deliveries, 2,983 had a history of cancer. Women with cancer history were not at greater risk of GDM, GHTN, or CS. However, infants born to women with prior cancer had higher risk of LBW (RR: 1.19 [1.07-1.32]), prolonged neonatal hospital stay (RR: 1.16 [1.01-1.34]), and PTB (RR: 1.19 [1.07-1.32]). We found clinically and statistically significant differences in the relationship between cancer history and SGA by subfertility/fertility treatment (p value, test for heterogeneity = 0.02); among deliveries with subfertility or fertility treatment, those with a history of cancer experienced a greater risk of SGA (RRsubfertile: 1.36 [1.02-1.83]). CONCLUSIONS: Women with a history of cancer had greater risk of some adverse pregnancy outcomes; this relationship varied by subfertility and fertility treatment.
Short interpregnancy intervals and adverse pregnancy outcomes by maternal age in the United States.; PURPOSE: The purpose of the article was to examine the association between short interpregnancy intervals and adverse outcomes by maternal age among U.S. women. METHODS: Using publicly available natality files for 2013-2016 singleton births, we compared the risks of preterm birth, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and maternal morbidity (delivery-related complications) for less than 6-month, 6 to 11-month, and 12 to 17-month to 18- to 23-month interpregnancy intervals, overall and by maternal age. Models adjusted for maternal demographics, conditions, and behaviors. RESULTS: Among 2,365,219 births, adjusted risk ratios (aRR) for preterm birth overall for intervals less than 6, 6-11, and 12-17 months were 1.62 (95% confidence interval: 1.60, 1.65), 1.16 (1.15, 1.18), and 1.03 (1.02, 1.05), respectively, compared with 18-23 months. Intervals less than 6, 6-11, and 12-17 months were significantly protective overall for gestational diabetes (aRR range: 0.89-0.98), gestational hypertension (aRR range: 0.93-0.95), and maternal morbidity (aRR range: 0.93-1.08). All aRRs attenuated or remained flat with increasing maternal age. CONCLUSION: Interpregnancy intervals less than 18 months showed different patterns of association for preterm birth compared with maternal outcomes, overall and across age. This suggests that increasing maternal age may have discordant effects on associations between short interpregnancy interval and adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes.
Sex-specific effects of maternal metformin intervention during glucose-intolerant obese pregnancy on body composition and metabolic health in aged mouse offspring.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes (GDM) and pregnancies complicated by pregestational type 2 diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome but data regarding long-term offspring outcome are lacking in both human studies and animal models. Using a mouse model, this study investigated the effects of maternal metformin intervention during obese glucose-intolerant pregnancy on adiposity, hepatic steatosis and markers of metabolic health of male and female offspring up to the age of 12 months. METHODS: C57BL/6J female mice were weaned onto either a control diet (Con) or, to induce pre-conception obesity, an obesogenic diet (Ob). The respective diets were maintained throughout pregnancy and lactation. These obese dams were then randomised to the untreated group or to receive 300 mg/kg oral metformin hydrochloride treatment (Ob-Met) daily during pregnancy. In male and female offspring, body weights and body composition were measured from 1 month until 12 months of age, when serum and tissues were collected for investigation of adipocyte cellularity (histology), adipose tissue inflammation (histology and quantitative RT-PCR), and hepatic steatosis and fibrosis (histochemistry and modified Folch assay). RESULTS: At 12 months of age, male Ob and Ob-Met offspring showed increased adiposity, adipocyte hypertrophy, elevated expression of proinflammatory genes, hyperleptinaemia and hepatic lipid accumulation compared with Con offspring. Male Ob-Met offspring failed to show hyperplasia between 8 weeks and 12 months, indicative of restricted adipose tissue expansion, resulting in increased immune cell infiltration and ectopic lipid deposition. Female Ob offspring were relatively protected from these phenotypes but Ob-Met female offspring showed increased adiposity, adipose tissue inflammation, hepatic lipid accumulation, hyperleptinaemia and hyperinsulinaemia compared with Con female offspring. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Maternal metformin treatment of obese dams increased offspring metabolic risk factors in a sex- and age-dependent manner. These observations highlight the importance of following up offspring of both sexes beyond early adulthood after interventions during pregnancy. Our findings illustrate the complexity of balancing short-term benefits to mother and child vs any potential long-term metabolic effects on the offspring when prescribing therapeutic agents that cross the placenta.
The change in fetal activity periods in diabetic and nondiabetic pregnancies.; Fetal active and quiet periods of behavioral activity were determined at 28 and 32 weeks' and 36 to 40 weeks' gestational age in insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies and in normal pregnancies resulting in infants with weights appropriate for gestational age. Fetal active and quiet periods were based on observations of fetal movements and long-term fetal heart rate variability. The number of fetal active-quiet periods, the average duration of fetal quiet periods, and the average duration of fetal active periods were the three parameters evaluated. In the normal pregnancy groups, with increasing fetal gestational age from 28 to 32 weeks to 36 to 40 weeks there was an increase in the length of the active and quiet periods with fewer active-quiet cycles per hour. The fetuses of the diabetic women had findings similar to those of the normal group at 28 to 32 weeks; these findings were essentially unchanged at 36 to 40 weeks. These findings suggest delayed development of the active-quiet cycles in these diabetic pregnancies.
Cystic fibrosis-related diabetes.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) has been recognized as a complication of cystic fibrosis (CF) for almost 50 years and commonly develops around 20 years of age. The prevalence increases with age and, with improved survival of those with CF, approaches 30% in certain centres. Its development appears to have a significant impact on pulmonary function and may increase mortality by up to six-fold. Subjects with CF are rarely ketosis-prone and phenotypically lie between Type 1 and Type 2 DM. Microvascular complications are recognized, although paucity of data does not permit a clear description of their natural history. An annual oral glucose tolerance test from the age of 10 years is recommended for screening, but logistical difficulties have led some groups to develop specific algorithms to aid diagnosis. Insulin sensitivity in CF is much debated and may depend upon the degree of glucose intolerance. Insulin resistance occurs in the presence of infection, corticosteroid usage and hyperglycaemia, whilst hepatic insulin resistance is considered an adaptation to CF. There is no universal consensus on the treatment of hyperglycaemia. With increased longevity of individuals with CF, greater numbers will develop diabetes and the diabetes physician is destined to play a greater role in the multidisciplinary CF team.
Prediction of fetal growth restriction and small for gestational age by ultrasound cardiac parameters.; OBJECTIVE: Prediction of fetal growth restriction (FGR) and small of gestational age (SGA) infants by using various ultrasound cardiac parameters in a logistic regression model. METHODS: In this retrospective study we obtained standardized ultrasound images of 357 fetuses between the 20th and 39th week of gestation, 99 of these fetuses were between the 3rd and 10th growth percentile, 61 smaller than 3rd percentile and 197- appropriate for gestational age over the 10th percentile (control group). Several cardiac parameters were studied. The cardiothoracic ratio and sphericity of the ventricles was calculated. A binary logistic regression model was developed for prediction of growth restriction using the cardiac and biometric parameters. RESULTS: There were noticeable differences between the control and study group in the sphericity of the right ventricle (p = 0.000), left and right longitudinal ventricle length (p(right) = 0.000, p(left) = 0.000), left ventricle transverse length (p = 0.000), heart diameter (p = 0.002), heart circumference (p = 0.000), heart area (p = 0.000), and thoracic diameter limited by the ribs (p = 0.002). There was no difference of the cardiothoracic ratio between groups. The logistic regression model achieved a prediction rate of 79.4 % with a sensitivity of 74.5 % and specificity of 83.2 %. CONCLUSION: The heart of growth restricted infants is characterized by a more globular right ventricle, shorter ventricle length and smaller thorax diameter. These parameters could improve prediction of FGR and SGA.
Preventing stroke and assessing risk in women.; Ischaemic stroke is rare in premenopausal women but risk increases with advancing age and doubles in the ten years following the menopause. Up to the age of 75 years men have a 25% higher risk of suffering a stroke compared with women. However, the increased life expectancy of women ultimately results in a higher overall incidence. Twice as many women die from stroke compare with breast cancer. Women with cerebrovascular disease are more likely to present with atypical symptoms than men. Altered mental status (including unresponsiveness, confusion and behavioural change) is the most common nonconventional symptom, and is reported by 23% of women compared with 15% of men. Other nonconventional symptoms reported more commonly by women include face or hemibody pain, lightheadedness and headache. Atrial fibrillation (AF) and hypertension, although less common than in men, are more potent risk factors for stroke in women. Compared with men with AF, women with AF are at increased risk of ischaemic stroke (6.2% versus 4.2% per year). This increased risk persists in anticoagulated patients with a relative risk ratio of 2.0. Pregnancy is a unique risk factor for stroke in women. The risk is highest in the third trimester and peripartum period. Women with hypertension in pregnancy, whether secondary to pre-existing disease, preeclampsia or eclampsia have a six-to nine-fold increased risk of stroke compared with normotensive women. Preeclampsia doubles the risk of stroke in later life. Gestational diabetes is also associated with higher risk of stroke extending beyond childbearing years.
[Alpha-fetoprotein: its significance in the monitoring of "at risk" pregnancies (author's transl)].; Having plotted a curve showing the normal values of Alpha-Foeto-protein (AFP) concentration in maternal serum and amniotic fluid, its significance in the monitoring of "at risk" pregnancies was examined and critically judged in the light of statements found in the literature. According to the results gained AFP determination in maternal serum or amniotic fluid can only be used with reservation as a monitoring test in "at risk" pregnancies. In particular in Rhesus Incompatibility it was impossible to establish the degree of foetal Haemolysis or to determine the best time for premature induction. In addition an intra-uterine death could not be predicted with certainty.
Smoking exerts a ketogenic influence in diabetic pregnancy.; Acute cardiovascular and metabolic responses to the smoking of two cigarettes were studied in 12 normal and 7 diabetic women in the last trimester of pregnancy. When the responses to smoking were compared between the healthy and diabetic women no statistically significant difference was found except for 3-hydroxybutyric acid where diabetic women but not the normal patients reacted with a pronounced increase. It is concluded that smoking exerts a ketogenic influence in diabetic pregnancy.
Assessing the effect on outcomes of public or private provision of prenatal care in Portugal.; To evaluate whether public and private prenatal care users experience similar outcomes, taking into consideration maternal pre-pregnancy social and clinical risk. We studied 7,325 women who delivered single newborns at five public maternity units in Porto, Portugal. Health behaviors and prenatal care were self-reported; pregnancy complications and delivery data were retrieved from medical files. The odds of inadequate weight gain, continuing to smoke, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, caesarean section, preterm birth, low birthweight, and small- and large-for-gestational-age were estimated for public and private providers using logistic regression, stratified by pre-pregnancy risk profile, adjusted for maternal characteristics. 38 % of women used private prenatal care. Among low-risk women, public care users were more likely to gain excessive weight (OR 1.26; 95 % CI 1.06-1.57) and be diagnosed with gestational diabetes (OR 1.37; 95 % CI 1.01-1.86). They were less likely to have a caesarean (OR 0.63; 95 % CI 0.51-0.78) and more likely to deliver small-for-gestational-age babies (OR 1.48; 95 % CI 1.19-1.83). Outcomes were similar in high-risk women although preterm and pre-labor caesarean were less frequent in public care users (OR 0.64 95 % CI 0.45-0.91; OR 0.69 95 % CI 0.49-0.97). The amount of care was not significantly related to risk profile in either case. Public care users experienced similar outcomes to those using private care, despite higher pre-pregnancy disadvantage. Low-risk women need further attention if narrowing inequalities in birth outcomes remains a priority.
Intake of Energy Drinks Before and During Pregnancy and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; IMPORTANCE: Consumption of energy drinks has increased drastically in recent years, particularly among young people. It is unknown whether intake of energy drinks is associated with health during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: To examine associations of energy drink intake before and during pregnancy with risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This prospective cohort study included data from women enrolled in the Nurses' Health Study 3 (NHS3) between June 1, 2010, and September 27, 2021, and the Growing Up Today Study (GUTS) who reported 1 or more singleton pregnancy from January 1, 2011, to June 1, 2019. Data were analyzed from October 1, 2021, to September 28, 2023. EXPOSURE: Intake of energy drinks, assessed by food frequency questionnaire. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The main outcomes were self-reported APOs, including pregnancy loss, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or preterm birth, and a composite APO, defined as development of any of the APOs. Risk of APOs was compared between consumers and nonconsumers of energy drinks. RESULTS: This study included 7304 pregnancies in 4736 participants with information on prepregnancy energy drink intake and 4559 pregnancies in 4559 participants with information on energy drink intake during pregnancy. There were 1691 GUTS participants (mean [SD] age, 25.7 [2.9] years) and 3045 NHS3 participants (mean [SD] age, 30.2 [4.1] years). At baseline, 230 GUTS participants (14%) and 283 NHS3 participants (9%) reported any intake of energy drinks. While no associations were found for pregnancy loss (odds ratio [OR], 0.89; 95% CI, 0.71-1.11), preterm birth (OR, 1.07; 95% CI, 0.71-1.61), gestational diabetes (OR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.58-1.35), preeclampsia (OR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.41-1.30), or the composite APO (OR, 1.05; 95% CI, 0.87-1.26), prepregnancy energy drink use was associated with a higher risk of gestational hypertension (OR, 1.60; 95% CI, 1.12-2.29). A significant interaction was found between age and energy drink intake in relation to hypertensive disorders (P = .02 for interaction for gestational hypertension; P = .04 for interaction for any hypertensive disorders), with stronger associations for participants above the median age. No associations of energy drink intake during pregnancy with any of the APOs were found in NHS3 (eg, any APO: OR, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.41-1.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this study, energy drink intake before pregnancy was associated with an elevated risk of gestational hypertension. Given the low prevalence of energy drink intake and low consumption levels among users, the results should be interpreted cautiously.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of poorly-controlled diabetic mothers.; Twelve newborn infants of poorly-controlled diabetic mothers were transferred from outlying maternity hospitals for neonatal intensive care. Respiratory distress and cardiomegaly were the presenting signs. Ten infants were large for dates (macrosomic) and had echocardiographic evidence of myocardial hypertrophy, reduced ejection time, and systolic anterior movement of the mitral valve (in 6 infants). These findings are similar to those of adults with idiopathic hypertrophic subaortic stenosis. Two infants died. In survivors the myocardial hypertrophy persisted for at least 2 weeks but the evidence of functional subaortic stenosis had disappeared by 4-7 days. The 2 infants who were appropriately grown had cardiomegaly as a result of ventricular dilatation. This was associated with hypoglycaemia and acidosis, and disappeared when these metabolic disturbances were corrected.
Maternal childhood cardiometabolic risk factors and pregnancy complications.; PURPOSE: The influence of childhood health on later-life health outcomes is increasingly hypothesized but rarely tested. We examined the relationship between cardiometabolic indicators in childhood and risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. METHODS: Childhood measurements from 755 women in the Bogalusa Heart Study included body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP), low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, insulin, and glucose. Average childhood values were estimated by area under the curve computed from longitudinal quadratic random-effects growth models to account for the unequally spaced repeated measures. Women reported pregnancy complications, and medical records were linked to interview data where possible. Log-Poisson models predicted adjusted risk associated with an interquartile range increase in cardiometabolic indicators. RESULTS: Elevated childhood insulin was associated with 10%-15% increased risk across the three outcomes. Elevated childhood SBP was associated with preeclampsia (SBP RR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.13, 2.01) and SBP, DBP, and body mass index predicted pregnancy-induced hypertension (SBP RR = 2.15, 95% CI: 1.65, 2.82; DBP RR = 1.83, 95% CI: 1.38, 2.43; BMI RR = 1.67, 95% CI: 1.41, 1.98). Blood pressure mediated the association between childhood body mass index and pregnancy-induced hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest the potential long-term impact of early-life cardiometabolic profiles on complications of pregnancy.
Hormonal counterregulation and subjective symptoms during induced hypoglycemia in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients during and after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The objective was to elicit whether hormonal responses to and subjective symptoms of hypoglycemia are modified during pregnancy in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. METHODS: In ten type I diabetic women, hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemic clamps, with target arterial blood glucose content of 2.2 mmol/l, were performed during the third trimester of pregnancy and 5-13 months after delivery. The levels of arterial glucose and venous catecholamines, pituitary growth hormone, cortisol, glucagon, dehydroepiandrosterone and free insulin were assessed repeatedly. Subjective symptoms of hypoglycemia were recorded on a visual analog scale. The paired t-test and Wilcoxon signed rank test were used for statistical comparisons. RESULTS: Adrenaline and dehydroepiandrosterone increased during hypoglycemia on both occasions, but dehydroepiandrosterone disclosed a significantly different pattern of response during pregnancy (p=0.016). The cortisol increase was augmented during pregnancy (420+/-50 vs. 310+/-30 nmol/l non-pregnant, p=0.039), while the increase in pituitary growth hormone (hGH) was diminished (5.4+/-1.2 vs. 27.9+/-5.4 microg/l non-pregnant, p=0.001), but nevertheless the increase during pregnancy was significant (p=0.002). Three of the eight subjective symptoms of hypoglycemia recorded were less prominent during pregnancy, namely 'inability to concentrate' (p=0.03), 'headache' (p=0.01) and 'pounding heart' (p=0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Albeit some subjective symptoms were diminished during pregnancy, the study gives no evidence that, in diabetic patients, pregnancy per se impairs the counterregulatory response to hypoglycemia, with the exception of growth hormone. However, despite the suppressed basal growth hormone secretion in late pregnancy, the study disclosed a secretory response of this hormone at hypoglycemia.
Insulin analogues use in pregnancy among women with pregestational diabetes mellitus and risk of congenital anomaly: a retrospective population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the risk of major congenital anomaly associated with first-trimester exposure to insulin analogues compared with human insulin in offspring of women with pregestational diabetes. DESIGN AND SETTING: A population-based cohort of women with pregestational diabetes (n=1661) who delivered between 1996 and 2012 was established retrospectively from seven European regions covered bythe European Surveillance of Congenital Anomalies (EUROCAT) congenital anomaly registries. PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURES: The risk of non-chromosomal major congenital anomaly in live births, fetal deaths and terminations for a fetal anomaly exposed to insulin analogues in the first trimester of pregnancy was compared with the risk in those exposed to human insulin only. RESULTS: During the first trimester, 870 fetuses (52.4%) were exposed to human insulin only, 397 fetuses (23.9%) to insulin analogues only and 394 fetuses (23.7%) to both human insulin and insulin analogues. The risk of major congenital anomaly in fetuses exposed to insulin analogues only was lower than those exposed to human insulin only; the relative risk adjusted for glycaemic control and region was 0.56 (95% CI 0.29 to 1.06). The significantly lower risk related to exposure of insulin analogues only was observed in congenital heart defects: adjusted relative risk 0.14 (95% CI 0.03 to 0.62). CONCLUSIONS: In this retrospective population-based cohort study across Europe, first-trimester exposure to insulin analogues did not increase the risk of major congenital anomaly compared with exposure to human insulin. A possible lower risk of congenital heart defects among fetuses exposed to insulin analogues only deserves further investigation.
A prospective multi-institutional study of antepartum fetal heart rate monitoring. II. Contraction stress test versus nonstress test for primary surveillance.; This study includes, 1,542 patients who underwent nonstress tests (NSTs) for primary fetal surveillance and 4,626 patients who underwent contraction stress tests (CSTs) for primary fetal surveillance. All pregnancies were at increased risk for uteroplacental insufficiency. The results showed that the two groups were comparable according to maternal diagnostic criteria for testing. Those patients who underwent NSTs as primary surveillance had a 2.9% incidence of intervention because of abnormal test results while the CST group had a 4.5% incidence of intervention because of abnormal test results ( p less than 0.05). The NST group had significantly more respiratory distress syndrome, intrauterine growth retardation, birth weight less than 2,500 gm, and 5-minute Apgar scores less than 7. The antenatal death rate was nearly eight times higher in the NST group (7.8/1,000 versus 1.1/1,000 in the CST group) (p less than 0.05). After correction for congenital anomalies and unrelated causes, the NST group had an antenatal death rate of 3.2/1,000 versus 0.4/1,000 in the CST group (p less than 0.05); there was still an antenatal death ratio of 8:1.
[Perinatal outcome of pregnancies in advanced maternal age].; BACKGROUND: Traditionally an advanced maternal age have been associated with a higher risk of unfavorable perinatal results. OBJECTIVE: to know the perinatal outcomes in women giving birth at age 40 or older during a year in a concentration hospital located at Monterrey, Nuevo León. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a retrospective, cross-sectional, study. RESULTS: 163 women and 170 newborn were included. A newborn death (5.8 x 1000 RN) and no one maternal death was observed. The most frequent maternal associated disease was gestational diabetes (16%) followed by the hypertensive disorders (10%). The cesarean rate was 71.1% and the most frequent indication was previous cesarean. The most frequent hospitalization cause was early premature labour (4.2%). Premature membrane was observed in 11% of patients. The mean delivery time was at 38 weeks with a mean body weight of 3032 g. There were 5 newborn with congenital malformations (2.9%). 21 newborns were hospitalized (12%) and the most frequent indication was prematurity. CONCLUSION: Women giving birth at age 40 or older observed a higher gestational diabetes incidence followed by the pregnancy-induced hypertension. The cesarean delivery was the most frequent mode of delivery. We consider that the perinatal outcomes in this study were favorable for both mother and child.
'Programming' of orexigenic and anorexigenic hypothalamic neurons in offspring of treated and untreated diabetic mother rats.; Exposure to maternal diabetes in utero (GD) may 'program' for obesity. Orexigenic neuropeptides, like neuropeptide Y (NPY) and agouti-related peptide (AGRP), and anorexigenic neuropeptides, like proopiomelanocortin (POMC) and alpha-melanocyte-stimulating hormone (MSH), are decisively involved in body weight regulation. We investigated consequences of GD and its treatment by pancreatic islet transplantation in rats for development of neuropeptidergic neurons in the arcuate hypothalamic nucleus (ARC) in weanling offspring. In GD, islet transplantation on d15 of pregnancy led to normalized blood glucose. Sham-transplanted GD mothers (TSGD) remained hyperglycemic. Twenty-one-day-old TSGD offspring developed hypothalamic 'malorganization'. Despite of normal leptin and insulin levels in TSGD offspring, increased immunopositivity of NPY and AGRP appeared. TSGD offspring showed unchanged POMC, but decreased MSH-immunopositivity. In conclusion, untreated diabetes in pregnant rats leads to 'malprogramming' of hypothalamic neuropeptidergic neurons in offspring, probably contributing to later development of overweight. These acquired alterations are preventable by treatment of maternal GD.
Prediction of adverse pregnancy outcomes by first-trimester components of metabolic syndrome: a prospective longitudinal study.; PURPOSE: This study aimed to identify the optimal cutoff values of each component of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the first trimester of pregnancy for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: A total of 1076 pregnant women in the first trimester of gestation were recruited in this prospective longitudinal cohort study. Specifically, 993 pregnant women at 11-13 weeks of gestation who were followed up until the end of pregnancy were included in the final analysis. The cutoff values of each component of MetS in the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes including gestational diabetes (GDM), gestational hypertensive disorders, and preterm birth were obtained via receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis using the Youden's index. RESULTS: Among the 993 pregnant women studied, the significant associations between the first trimester MetS components and adverse pregnancy outcomes were as follows: triglyceride (TG) and body mass index (BMI) with preterm birth; mean arterial pressure (MAP), TG, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) with gestational hypertensive disorders; BMI, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and TG with GDM (all p values < 0.05). The cutoff point values for the above-mentioned MetS components were: TG > 138 mg/dl and BMI < 21 kg/m(2) for the occurrence of preterm birth; TG > 148 mg/dL, MAP > 84, and HDL-C < 84 mg/dl for gestational hypertensive disorders; BMI > 25 kg/m(2), FPG > 84 mg/dl, and TG > 161 mg/dl for GDM. CONCLUSION: The study findings imply the importance of early management of metabolic syndrome in pregnancy to improve maternal-fetal outcomes.
Heterogeneous effect of gestational weight gain on birth weight: quantile regression analysis from a population-based screening.; PURPOSE: Classical regression models might give an incomplete picture of the associations between predictors and outcomes. We investigated associations between gestational weight gain (GWG) and birth weight along the entire birth weight distribution with quantile regression and estimated effects of hypothetical prevention strategies. METHODS: The GWG-birth weight association was analyzed using quantile and classical regression models on data from a population-based gestational diabetes screening (n = 4760) at the Szent Imre Teaching Hospital in Budapest, Hungary (2002-2005). Birth weight distributions were modeled based on hypothetical GWG changes. RESULTS: At a body mass index of 20 kg/m(2), a 1-kg difference in GWG was associated with a 14.2 g (95% confidence interval, 10.0-20.9) higher birth weight at the fifth percentile of the birth weight distribution and a 29.0 g (21.3-35.6) higher birth weight at the 95th percentile. The coefficient from linear regression was 20.7 (17.5-24.0). Estimates differed modestly between the two regressions at a body mass index of 30 kg/m(2). A population-wide 2-kg decrease in GWG would rather affect the risk of macrosomia (-1.8%) than that of low birth weight (+0.4%). In contrast, a 3-kg decrease in GWG among overweight and obese women would lower macrosomia more modestly (-0.8%). CONCLUSIONS: A population-wide lowering of GWG would lead to greater improvements in the right tail of the birth weight distribution.
Quantification of fetal myocardial function in pregnant women with diabetic diseases and in normal controls using speckle tracking echocardiography (STE).; Background The purpose of our study was to quantify the fetal myocardial function in pregnant women with diabetic diseases (FDM) and in normal controls (FC) using speckle tracking echocardiography (STE). Methods In this prospective study, the myocardial strain and dyssynchrony were analyzed using STE in a transversal four-chamber view in 180 fetuses (53 FDM, 127 FC) between 19 and 39 weeks of gestation. The measurements of the global and segmental longitudinal strain of both chambers (2C) and of the single left chamber (1C) were executed offline via QLab 10.5 (Philips Medical Systems, Andover, MA, USA). We assessed dyssynchrony as the time difference between peaks in strain in the mid segments of both chambers (interventricular dyssynchrony, 2C_DYS) and of the single left chamber (intraventricular dyssynchrony, 1C_DYS). Results Measurements were feasible with a high median frame rate of 199 frames/s (1st quartile: 174, 3rd quartile: 199). The global and segmental myocardial longitudinal strain of 2C and 1C were decreased and 2C_DYS and 1C_DYS were increased in pregnancies with diabetes compared to normal controls. Conclusion Our study demonstrates that fetal hearts affected by maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) show low myocardial strain values and high interventricular dyssynchrony. Two-chamber interventricular dyssynchrony has the potential to become a diagnostic marker for DM.
Obstetric risks in obesity. An analysis of the literature.; In order to evaluate the obstetric risks in obesity a partly computerized literature search was performed. Irrespective of language, papers published between 1960 and 1982 were included, provided that they were original and controlled studies on obstetric complications among women with a stated degree of overweight. Out of 143 publications 26 fulfilled the criteria and were included. They revealed information on 10,440 cases. Most reported subjects were only moderately obese. Thirty-seven complications were stated in one or more publications as being significantly more prevalent among obese women compared with lean controls. However, as data were often scarce or highly conflicting, it is concluded that an increased risk is only sufficiently documented with regard to a minority of these complications. They are: preeclampsia as well as each separate element of this disorder, diabetes mellitus, varicose veins, and the need for caesarean section. The significantly increased birth weight of the infants did not induce increase of labor complications.
Regulation of nutrient transport across the placenta.; Abnormal fetal growth, both growth restriction and overgrowth, is associated with perinatal complications and an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease later in life. Fetal growth is dependent on nutrient availability, which in turn is related to the capacity of the placenta to transport these nutrients. The activity of a range of nutrient transporters has been reported to be decreased in placentas of growth restricted fetuses, whereas at least some studies indicate that placental nutrient transport is upregulated in fetal overgrowth. These findings suggest that changes in placental nutrient transport may directly contribute to the development of abnormal fetal growth. Detailed information on the mechanisms by which placental nutrient transporters are regulated will therefore help us to better understand how important pregnancy complications develop and may provide a foundation for designing novel intervention strategies. In this paper we will focus on recent studies of regulatory mechanisms that modulate placental transport of amino acids, fatty acids, and glucose.
Impact of Maternal-Fetal Environment on Outcomes Following the Hybrid Procedure in the Single Ventricle Population.; Treatment of infants with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) remains challenging, and those affected remain with significant risks for mortality and morbidity throughout their lifetimes. The maternal-fetal environment (MFE) has been shown to affect outcomes for infants with HLHS after the Norwood procedure. The hybrid procedure, comprised of both catheterization and surgical components, is a less invasive option for initial intervention compared to the Norwood procedure. It is unknown how the MFE impacts outcomes following the hybrid procedure. This is a single-center, retrospective study of infants born with HLHS who underwent hybrid palliation from January 2009 to August 2021. Predictor variables analyzed included fetal, maternal, and postnatal factors. The primary outcome was mortality prior to Stage II palliation. We studied a 144-subject cohort. There was a statistically significant difference in mortality prior to stage II palliation in infants with prematurity, small for gestational age, and aortic atresia subtype (p < 0.001, p = 0.009, and p = 0.008, respectively). There was no difference in mortality associated with maternal diabetes, hypertension, obesity, smoking or illicit drug use, or advanced maternal age. State and national area deprivation index scores were associated with increased risk of mortality in the entire cohort, such that infants born in areas with higher deprivation had a higher incidence of mortality. Several markers of an impaired MFE, including prematurity, small for gestational age, and higher deprivation index scores, are associated with mortality following hybrid palliation. Individual maternal comorbidities were not associated with higher mortality. The MFE may be a target for prenatal counseling and future interventions to improve pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in this population.
Higher Cord Blood Levels of Fatty Acids in Pregnant Women With Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus.; CONTEXT: Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is associated with a disturbance of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether T1DM alters maternal and neonatal fatty acid (FA) levels. DESIGN: Observational study. SETTING: Academic hospital. PATIENTS: Sixty pregnant women (30 women with T1DM with good glycemic control and 30 healthy women) were included in the study. Maternal blood, umbilical vein, and artery blood samples were collected immediately upon delivery. Following lipid extraction, the FA profiles of the total FA pool of maternal serum and umbilical vein and artery serum were determined by gas chromatography. RESULTS: Total FA concentration in maternal serum did not differ between the study groups; it was significantly higher in umbilical vein serum of the T1DM group compared with that in the control group [median (interquartile range)]: T1DM 2126.2 (1446.4 to 3181.3) and control 1073.8 (657.5 to 2226.0; P < 0.001), and in umbilical artery vein serum: T1DM 1805.7 (1393.1 to 2125.0) and control 990.0 (643.3 to 1668.0; P < 0.001). Composition of FAs in umbilical vein serum showed significantly higher concentrations of saturated, monounsaturated, and polyunsaturated FAs (SFAs, MUFAs, and PUFAs, respectively) in the T1DM group than compared with those in the control group (P = 0.001). Furthermore, cord blood levels of leptin (P < 0.001), C-peptide (P < 0.001), and insulin resistance (P = 0.015) were higher in the T1DM group compared with controls. CONCLUSION: The neonates born to mothers with T1DM had higher concentrations of total FAs, SFAs and MUFAs, as well as PUFAs, compared with control newborns.
Reproductive factors and risk of cardiovascular outcomes in women with ST-elevation myocardial infarction.; BACKGROUND: There are many sex-specific factors affecting myocardial infarction (MI) outcomes in males and females. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between reproductive factors and cardiovascular outcomes in women after ST-elevation MI. METHOD: This retrospective cohort study was initiated in 2016-2017 at Chamran Hospital, Isfahan, Iran. One hundred eighty women with a diagnosis of ST-elevation MI were followed up for 3 years, and any occurrence of cardiovascular events (CVs) was recorded. All information regarding reproductive factors was recorded via questionnaire. This information was compared between women with cardiovascular events and women without adverse events using a sample t test, chi-square test, and multiple backward logistic regression analysis. SPSS version 24 was used to conduct all analyses. RESULT: Sixty-four women with a mean age of 65.81 ± 13.14 years experienced CV events, and 116 women with a mean age of 65.51 ± 10.88 years did not experience CV events. A history of ischemic heart disease and diabetes mellitus were more prevalent in women with CV events (P = 0.024 and P = 0.019). After adjusting for ischemic heart disease and diabetes mellitus, oral contraceptive pill (OCP) usage was more prevalent in women with CV events than in women without CV events (60.9% vs. 40.4%, P = 0.008). There was a greater chance of CV events in women with OCP usage (OR = 3.546, P = 0.038) and a lower chance of CV events in women with greater age at menarche (OR = 0.630, P = 0.009) and longer breastfeeding duration (OR = 0.798, P = 0.041) according to multiple backward logistic regression models. CONCLUSION: Based on this study, OCP consumption is a risk factor, while older age at menarche and longer duration of breastfeeding are protective factors for cardiovascular outcomes in women after STEMI.
Hormonal responses to exercise in diabetic and nondiabetic pregnant patients.; The hormonal responses to low-level exercise in pregnancy have been studied in 13 insulin-requiring diabetic patients and 42 control subjects. We found no significant changes in plasma glucose, epinephrine, glucagon, or FFA with this level of exercise in the study group and control subjects; but plasma norepinephrine showed a significant increase with exercise. This type of exercise appears to be safe and could serve as a model for exercise prescription for attaining improved glucose tolerance in pregnant diabetic women.
Cardiac and extracardiac complications in infants of diabetic mothers and their relation to parameters of carbohydrate metabolism.; Despite the current improvement of diabetes care in pregnancy, neonatal complications are still more frequent than in the general population. Even in fetuses of well controlled diabetic mothers, myocardial hypertrophy can be demonstrated although it is not related to maternal metabolic control. The objective of this study was to determine perinatal complications and the course of myocardial hypertrophy in newborns who had been prenatally monitored and to relate the findings to neonatal parameters of carbohydrate metabolism. Perinatal complications and echocardiographic evidence of myocardial hypertrophy were determined in 104 neonates of closely followed diabetic mothers. Cord blood was obtained for determination of insulin, C-peptide and glycosylated fetal haemoglobin (HbF1c). In cases of myocardial hypertrophy, the echocardiographic examinations were repeated until normalisation of the myocardial wall thickness. The most striking finding was myocardial hypertrophy in 25% of the 104 neonates, which predominantly involved the interventricular septum. This is in contrast to the prenatal symmetrical hypertrophy of the ventricular walls and may be explained by perinatal changings of ventricular geometry. There was no sign of outflow tract obstruction, and myocardial hypertrophy resolved within 6 months. Insulin and C-peptide were elevated in the majority of the newborns, whereas HbF1c was significantly decreased. Neither the maternal type of diabetes nor neonatal metabolic data were related to the somatic findings. CONCLUSION: Myocardial hypertrophy still occurs in infants of diabetic mothers despite their good metabolic control reflected by the decreased fraction of glycosylated fetal hemoglobin which points to low fetal blood sugar levels during the last intra-uterine weeks.
Periconceptional seafood intake and pregnancy complications.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate associations of maternal periconceptional shellfish, lean fish and fatty fish intake with risk of pregnancy complications. DESIGN: In this prospective cohort study, we collected information on intake of seafood subtypes using FFQ. We categorized seafood intake into frequencies of 1 servings/week. We ascertained gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and preterm birth diagnoses from medical records. Using generalized linear models with a log link, the Poisson family and robust standard errors, we estimated risk ratios and 95 % confidence intervals across seafood intake categories. SETTING: The Omega study, a study of risk factors for pregnancy complications among women recruited from prenatal clinics in Washington State, USA, 1996-2008. SUBJECTS: The current study included 3279 participants from the Omega study. RESULTS: Median (interquartile range) shellfish, lean fish and fatty fish intake was 0·3 (0-0·9), 0·5 (0-1·0) and 0·5 (0·1-1·0) servings/week, respectively. Lean fish intake of >1 servings/week (v. <0·2 servings/month) was associated with a 1·55-fold higher risk of preterm birth (95 % CI 1·04, 2·30) and was not associated with the other pregnancy complications. Higher intake of seafood (total or other subtypes) was not associated with pregnancy complications (separately or combined). CONCLUSIONS: Higher intake of lean fish, but not fatty fish or shellfish, was associated with a higher risk of preterm birth; these findings may have significance for preterm birth prevention. Studies of mechanisms and potential contributing factors (including seafood preparation and nutrient/contaminant content) are warranted.
Increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic mothers.; Studies were conducted in rats to determine the effect of maternal diabetes and the consequent hyperglycemia on cardiovascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced in pregnant Wistar rats through streptozotocin injection (50 mg/kg). Cardiovascular parameters were measured in 2-mo-old offspring animals of diabetic (OD, n=12) and control rats (OC, n=8). Arterial pressure (AP), heart rate (HR), baroreflex sensitivity, and vascular responsiveness to phenylephrine (PH) and sodium nitroprusside (SN) were measured. Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity in heart, kidney, and lung was determined. OD rats exhibited increases in systolic AP (138+/-8 vs. 119+/-6 mmHg, OD vs. OC), with no change in HR (342+/-21 vs. 364+/-39 beats per minute (bpm), OD vs. OC). The reflex tachycardia elicited by SN was reduced in OD rats, as indicated by the slope of the linear regression (-2.2+/-0.4 vs. -3.6+/-0.8 bpm/mmHg, OD vs. OC). Vascular responsiveness to PH was increased 63% in OD rats compared with OC. OD rats showed increases in ACE activity in heart, kidney, and lung (1.13+/-0.24, 3.04+/-0.86, 40.8+/-8.9 vs. 0.73+/-0.19, 1.7+/-0.45, 28.1+/-6 nmol His-Leu.min-1 mg protein-1, OD vs. OC). Results suggest that diabetes during pregnancy affects cardiovascular function in offspring, seen as hypertension, baroreflex dysfunction, and activation of tissue renin-angiotensin system.
Metabolic profiling of gestational diabetes in obese women during pregnancy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Antenatal obesity and associated gestational diabetes (GDM) are increasing worldwide. While pre-existing insulin resistance is implicated in GDM in obese women, the responsible metabolic pathways remain poorly described. Our aim was to compare metabolic profiles in blood of obese pregnant women with and without GDM 10 weeks prior to and at the time of diagnosis by OGTT. METHODS: We investigated 646 women, of whom 198 developed GDM, in this prospective cohort study, a secondary analysis of UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT), a multicentre randomised controlled trial of a complex lifestyle intervention in obese pregnant women. Multivariate regression analyses adjusted for multiple testing, and accounting for appropriate confounders including study intervention, were performed to compare obese women with GDM with obese non-GDM women. We measured 163 analytes in serum, plasma or whole blood, including 147 from a targeted NMR metabolome, at time point 1 (mean gestational age 17 weeks 0 days) and time point 2 (mean gestational age 27 weeks 5 days, at time of OGTT) and compared them between groups. RESULTS: Multiple significant differences were observed in women who developed GDM compared with women without GDM (false discovery rate corrected p values <0.05). Most were evident prior to diagnosis. Women with GDM demonstrated raised lipids and lipoprotein constituents in VLDL subclasses, greater triacylglycerol enrichment across lipoprotein particles, higher branched-chain and aromatic amino acids and different fatty acid, ketone body, adipokine, liver and inflammatory marker profiles compared with those without GDM. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Among obese pregnant women, differences in metabolic profile, including exaggerated dyslipidaemia, are evident at least 10 weeks prior to a diagnosis of GDM in the late second trimester.
The clinical significance of IGF-I in maternal serum during pregnancy in type 1 diabetes.; Insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) constitute a system of peptides that promote mitosis, growth, and organ development by both paracrine and endocrine pathways, their bioavailability being modulated by at least six specific IGF-binding proteins (IGFBP). In type 1 diabetic pregnancies IGF-I and -II in maternal serum are associated with birth weight and their action modulated by IGFBP-3 and phosphorylated isoforms of IGFBP-1. Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), a proteolytic substance of IGFBPs, is probably a modulator in early diabetic pregnancy while human placental growth hormone (hPGH) regulates the effect of IGF-I in pregnancy of diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies. IGF-I in maternal serum increases concomitantly with progression of diabetic retinopathy despite good glycemic control in pregnancy. The role of the new insulin analogues in improving this effect has yet to be established. Retinopathy in pregnancy is associated with an elevated level of fibroblast growth factor-2 (FGF-2) and highly-phosphorylated IGFBP-1, the latter further increasing the level of free IGF-I and FGF-2. Thus, the effect on development of retinopathy may be directly mediated by IGF-I or indirectly by a modifying effect of IGFBP-3 and phosphorylated isoforms of IGFBP-1 with FGF-2 as a mediator.
Clinical significance of low levels of second-trimester maternal serum human chorionic gonadotropin.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if unexplained low second-trimester maternal serum human chorionic gonadotropin (MShCG) is a useful predictor of complications of pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Between 2/1/90 and 1/3/91, 3,116 patients underwent prenatal screening using second-trimester maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein (MSAFP), MShCG and maternal serum unconjugated estriol (MSuE3). Among these, there were 160 patients with complete obstetrical history who had second-trimester MShCG < 0.4 multiples of the median (MoM). These were compared to 261 controls with complete obstetrical history and a normal second-trimester MSAFP, MSuE3 and MShCG. RESULTS: No differences were found in gestational age at delivery, neonatal weight, premature rupture of membranes or pregnancy loss. The relative risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension in the study group was 0.29 (p < 0.01) and that of gestational diabetes was 0.3 (p < 0.05). Only when low MShCG was associated with a high or low MSAFP or low MSuE3 was there a significantly increased loss of pregnancy (relative risk 11.7; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: The data suggest that second-trimester MShCG < 0.4 MoM by itself has no influence on the outcome of pregnancy.
Prenatal Care Utilization Challenges and Facilitators for a Growing Latino Community in the Midwest.; BACKGROUND: Latina women are less likely to start prenatal care in the first trimester and to attend the recommended amount of prenatal visits compared to their non-Latina white counterparts. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to assess challenges and facilitators to first-trimester prenatal care (FTPNC) and prenatal care utilization (PNCU) in a Midwestern urban area with a growing immigrant Latino community. METHODS: This study used a mixed-method approach based on the Theoretical Domains Framework. Nine semi-structured interviews were conducted with healthcare professionals that worked in birth centers, clinics, or hospitals that provided prenatal care (PNC) services for Latina women. Eight focus groups and quantitative surveys were conducted with Latina women and their supporters in Kansas City metropolitan area. RESULTS: FTPNC was challenged by women's immigrant status, lack of healthcare coverage due to immigrant status, and complexity of Medicaid application. PNCU was challenged by the cost of PNC when diagnosed with gestational diabetes, lack of healthcare coverage, PNC literacy, late access to gynecologists/obstetricians, inadequate interpretation services, transportation, and mental health distress. Meanwhile, FTPNC was facilitated by social support and connectedness. PNCU was facilitated by Spanish-proficient providers and interpreters, effective nonverbal communication and education techniques, and pregnancy prevention access and education. CONCLUSIONS FOR PRACTICE: Results from this study highlight important targets to improve PNC for Latina women. Participants called for various types of support to address identified challenges, ranging from information on social media about PNC services to broader efforts such as building trust from the community toward PNC providers and making PNC services affordable for women with gestational diabetes.
Fetal growth: a review of terms, concepts and issues relevant to obstetrics.; The perinatal literature includes several potentially confusing and controversial terms and concepts related to fetal size and growth. This article discusses fetal growth from an obstetric perspective and addresses various issues including the physiologic mechanisms that determine fetal growth trajectories, known risk factors for abnormal fetal growth, diagnostic and prognostic issues related to restricted and excessive growth and temporal trends in fetal growth. Also addressed are distinctions between fetal growth 'standards' and fetal growth 'references', and between fetal growth charts based on estimated fetal weight vs those based on birth weight. Other concepts discussed include the incidence of fetal growth restriction in pregnancy (does the frequency of fetal growth restriction increase or decrease with increasing gestation?), the obstetric implications of studies showing associations between fetal growth and adult chronic illnesses (such as coronary heart disease) and the need for customizing fetal growth standards.
Amniotic coenzyme Q10: is it related to pregnancy outcomes?; Coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10 or ubiquinone) is an essential component of the mitochondrial electron transport chain and is also present in various cellular membranes and in plasma lipoproteins. Diabetes, cardiovascular, neurodegenerative, and preeclampsia diseases are all associated with an alteration of CoQ10 level or its redox status. During pregnancy, we note that the plasma content of CoQ10 is significantly higher than amniotic. In the fetal growth restriction group, amniotic total CoQ10 levels were significantly higher versus healthy, while the amniotic oxygen radical absorbing capacity level was significantly lower. A significant negative correlation was observed between amniotic total CoQ10 and birthweight. Our observation leads to the hypothesis that the amniotic midtrimester CoQ10 content may be a marker of subsequent obstetric complications.
The association between vascular complications during pregnancy in women with Type 1 diabetes and congenital malformations.; AIMS: To assess the association between vascular complications of diabetes and the risk of congenital malformations in pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: We conducted an observational retrospective cohort study in women with Type 1 diabetes who received care consecutively from three tertiary care diabetes-in-pregnancy clinics in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the association between vascular complications (retinopathy, nephropathy and pre-existing hypertension) and congenital malformations in offspring of women with Type 1 diabetes. RESULTS: Of 232 women with Type 1 diabetes, 49 (21%) had at least one vascular complication and there were 52 babies with congenital malformations. Maternal age (31.8 ± 5.0 vs. 29.4 ± 4.7 years, P < 0.01), diabetes duration (20.9 ± 6.7 vs. 11.2 ± 7.4 years, P < 0.01) and pre-eclampsia rate (12.5% vs. 1.3%, P < 0.01) were higher in mothers with vascular complications than in those without. Multivariable analyses showed that vascular complications were not associated with an increased risk of congenital malformations (odds ratio 1.16, 95% confidence interval 0.46 to 2.88). CONCLUSIONS: Vascular complications are common, occurring in one-fifth of pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes, and in this study do not appear to be associated with an increased risk of congenital malformations in children.
A conserved MADS-box phosphorylation motif regulates differentiation and mitochondrial function in skeletal, cardiac, and smooth muscle cells.; Exposure to metabolic disease during fetal development alters cellular differentiation and perturbs metabolic homeostasis, but the underlying molecular regulators of this phenomenon in muscle cells are not completely understood. To address this, we undertook a computational approach to identify cooperating partners of the myocyte enhancer factor-2 (MEF2) family of transcription factors, known regulators of muscle differentiation and metabolic function. We demonstrate that MEF2 and the serum response factor (SRF) collaboratively regulate the expression of numerous muscle-specific genes, including microRNA-133a (miR-133a). Using tandem mass spectrometry techniques, we identify a conserved phosphorylation motif within the MEF2 and SRF Mcm1 Agamous Deficiens SRF (MADS)-box that regulates miR-133a expression and mitochondrial function in response to a lipotoxic signal. Furthermore, reconstitution of MEF2 function by expression of a neutralizing mutation in this identified phosphorylation motif restores miR-133a expression and mitochondrial membrane potential during lipotoxicity. Mechanistically, we demonstrate that miR-133a regulates mitochondrial function through translational inhibition of a mitophagy and cell death modulating protein, called Nix. Finally, we show that rodents exposed to gestational diabetes during fetal development display muscle diacylglycerol accumulation, concurrent with insulin resistance, reduced miR-133a, and elevated Nix expression, as young adult rats. Given the diverse roles of miR-133a and Nix in regulating mitochondrial function, and proliferation in certain cancers, dysregulation of this genetic pathway may have broad implications involving insulin resistance, cardiovascular disease, and cancer biology.
Pregnancy Complications in Women with Weight Loss Surgery Compared to a Non-Surgical Population of Women with Obesity.; BACKGROUND: The objective of this study was to assess the effect of WLS on pregnancy and delivery complications in women who had WLS compared to women with obesity who did not undergo WLS. METHODS: We used the National Inpatient Sample data from 2012 to 2017, with a study population of women between the ages of 20 and 44 who had a maternal admission code in the NIS data (n = 663,795). Weighted logistic regression models were fitted and the models were stratified by race. Covariates included age, race, primary payer, previous cesarean delivery, physical health comorbidities, and depression. RESULTS: There were decreased odds of gestational diabetes in women of all races (aOR(all) = 0.47, 95% CI(all) = 0.44-0.49). There were decreased odds for gestational hypertension in women of all races (aOR(all) = 0.55, 95% CI(all) = 0.51-0.59). Compared to women who did not have WLS, there were lower odds of cesarean delivery among women with a history of WLS (aOR(all) = 0.62, 95% CI(all) = 0.60-0.65), which was true for White women, Black women, and Latinas with a history of WLS (aOR(White) = 0.57, 95% CI(White) = 0.53-0.60; aOR(Black) = 0.67, 95% CI(Black) = 0.61-0.74; aOR(Latina) = 0.71, 95% CI(Latina) = 0.64-0.78). CONCLUSIONS: Overall, women with history of WLS had lower odds of most of the pregnancy outcomes (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and cesarean delivery) with results mediated by race.
Smoking and the genetics of signal transduction: an association study on retinopathy in type 1 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Recent studies suggest a complex association between smoking and retinopathy that probably depends on the interaction between many variables. We have reported an association between ACP1 phenotype and retinopathy in type 1 diabetes. Additionally, the deleterious effects of smoking on intrauterine growth are dependent on ACP1, a low-molecular-weight tyrosine phosphatase that modifies signal transduction. We examine here the interaction between smoking and ACP1 as a mediator of susceptibility to diabetic retinopathy in a sample of puerperae with type 1 diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Seventy-eight women who had just delivered live infants were studied. ACP1 phenotype was determined by starch gel electrophoresis. Three-way contingency tables were analyzed. RESULTS: There is a significant epistatic interaction between smoking and ACP1 phenotype concerning their effects on retinopathy. In subjects with low ACP1 activity, frequency of retinopathy was slightly higher in smokers than in nonsmokers. However, in subjects with medium-high ACP1 activity, frequency of retinopathy was significantly lower in smokers than in nonsmokers. A logistic regression analysis using retinopathy as the dependent variable revealed that smoking, ACP1, and ACP1 by smoking interaction, as well as the interaction between smoking and age of the women, are the most robust predictors of retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS: The effect of smoking on retinopathy in women with type 1 diabetes depends on many variables, which supports the hypothesis of complex interactions between smoking and other variables in the pathogenesis of this disease. Variability of genetic factors involved in signal transduction may affect endothelium proliferation through the regulation of growth factors and through regulation of glycemic levels. Because cigarette smoke influences signal transduction, its impact on diabetic retinopathy may be mediated by ACP1.
Obstetric challenges of massive obesity complicating pregnancy.; This study examined the effects of massive maternal obesity on medical complications, mode of delivery, postpartum complications, and hospital confinement. In this retrospective case control study, women weighing > 300 pounds delivering from January 1, 1986, to November 1, 1991, were matched for age, race, parity, and height with lean parturient women (mean weight 160 +/- 21 pounds). Among massively obese women there was a greater incidence of chronic hypertension (p < 0.05) and diabetes (p < 0.05) than in the control group. Primary cesarean section was more frequent (p < 0.05), as was the postoperative complication of endometritis when obese patients were compared with lean women (p < 0.05). Cephalopelvic disproportion was the only indication for primary cesarean section, which occurred with greater frequency in the obese group. The postpartum hospital confinement was also significantly longer in the obese study group (p < 0.05). The gestation of a massively obese parturient woman is more frequently complicated by chronic hypertension and diabetes. Abdominal delivery for cephalopelvic disproportion is more likely, and this mode of birth is more often followed by endometritis, which results in longer hospital stays.
Prenatal echocardiographic diagnosis of situs inversus totalis and transposition of the great arteries: a case report.; A case of situs inversus totalis and transposition of the great arteries (TGA) was diagnosed prenatally at 25 weeks' gestation. Postnatal echocardiographic examination confirmed the antenatal findings. This case underscores the importance of recognizing situs abnormalities during obstetric and fetal echocardiographic examination, as they are often associated with cardiac anomalies. Accurate prenatal diagnosis of structural heart defects is extremely important in family counselling and in planning obstetric and postnatal treatment.
Risk of cesarean wound complications in diabetic gestations.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to examine the association between pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) and wound complications after cesarean delivery (CD). STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective, observational cohort study in patients with type 1 and 2 DM compared with non-DM controls undergoing CD. Wound complications were defined as wound infection, wound separation greater than 1 cm, and wound dehiscence. RESULTS: There was an overall incidence of wound complications of 18.4% (34/185) in DM versus 5.8% (10/174) in non-DM (unadjusted odds ratio of 3.7; 95% CI = 1.8-7.7). Mean body mass index before pregnancy was 30.9 in DM versus 26.5 kg/m 2 in non-DM (P < .01). A multivariable logistic regression model adjusting for body mass index, length of surgery, and previous CD demonstrated a 2.5-fold increased risk of wound complications in DM patients compared with non-DM patients (95% CI = 1.1-5.5). CONCLUSION: Pregestational diabetes is associated with a 2.5-fold increase in wound complications after CD.
Alcohol embryopathy and diabetic fetopathy in the same newborn.; Both alcohol embryopathy and diabetic fetopathy were observed in the same female child. The mother was known to be alcoholic as well as diabetic. At birth the signs of diabetic fetopathy predominated: the child showed edematous subcutaneous fat, birth weight was 3650 g. The heart was enlarged. The patient's blood sugar levels ranged from 0 to 1.4 mMol/1 (0-25 mg/dl). Features of alcohol embryopathy were typical craniofacial dysmorphy, hypotonia of muscles and hyperexcitability. Later on the features of alcohol embryopathy predominated: the child became dystrophic with pronounced microcephaly, and the craniofacial dysmorphy clearly resembled other patients with alcohol embryopathy. This observation is in favour of the hypothesis, that alcohol induces cell hypoplasia in the embryo resulting in postnatal growth retardation. Maternal and consequently embryonic and fetal hyperglycemia induced cell hypertrophy in the embryo and fetus, which compensated the effect of alcohol on birth weight in our patient.
Group B Streptococcus infection-induced ovarian vein thrombosis identified during cesarean section: A case report and a literature review.; RATIONALE: Ovarian vein thrombosis (OVT) is a rare yet potentially life-threatening condition associated with thromboembolic events. Group B Streptococcus (GBS) is a type of β-hemolytic Gram-positive bacterium known for asymptomatic colonization in the lower genital and gastrointestinal tracts. Here we reported a 35-year-old multiparous woman with gestational diabetes who suffered from placental abruption, stillbirth, OVT, septic shock, and renal failure due to severe GBS infection. PATIENT CONCERNS: A 35-year-old woman with gestational diabetes presented with acute and sustained lower abdominal cramping, vaginal bleeding, and fever at 35 gestational weeks. DIAGNOSES: Based on preoperative ultrasound and intraoperative findings, the patient was diagnosed with placental abruption, intrauterine fetal demise, and right OVT. GBS was cultured from the amniotic fluid obtained during cesarean section. INTERVENTIONS: The patient underwent a right adnexectomy during a cesarean section and received intravenous antibiotics. Subsequently, an ultrasound-guided uterine curettage was performed due to recurrent fever. OUTCOMES: After a prolonged course of intravenous antibiotics for over a month, the patient recovered and was discharged from the hospital. LESSONS: This case underscores the need for early initiation of anticoagulant protocols in cases of OVT, particularly when GBS infection is identified as a predisposing factor. Further research and awareness are warranted to better understand the relationship between GBS infection and OVT and to optimize management strategies in such cases.
Antepartum fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnant patients.; The antepartum fetal surveillance (biochemical and biophysical) data of 140 pregnant diabetic patients were evaluated. We determined how often intervention occurred on the basis of abnormal tests and correlated each test with neonatal outcome. Fifteen of the total 140 patients had their pregnancies terminated because of abnormal biochemical and/or biophysical tests. An abnormal estriol (E3) value preceded the abnormal antepartum fetal heart rate testing in eight of 10 instances. We conclude that the major benefit of the antepartum fetal surveillance techniques, in this group of patients and under the present scheme, is in determining when not to intervene, thus allowing safe prolongation of pregnancy.
[Epidemiological survey of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome in part of northwest regions in China].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the status of admission and treatment of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in northwest regions in China. METHOD: Twenty hospitals (6 secondary hospitals, 2 tertiary grade B hospitals and 12 tertiary grade A hospitals) from 3 regions participated in the retrospective investigation. Data of infants with RDS and age ≤3 days admitted to neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) of participated hospitals from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2011 were collected by using descriptive epidemiologic survey methodology. The investigation included the basic information of children, perinatal risk factors, clinical manifestations and treatment, complications and prognosis. RESULT: Of the 17 406 infants admitted to the 20 hospitals under investigation, 580 neonates (3.3%) suffered from RDS and 379 (65.3%) of them were males. Their average gestational age (GA) was (33.0±2.9) weeks and birth weight (BW) was (1 956±647)g. The average age of their mothers was (28±5) years, 19 (3.3%) infants with RDS were conceived with assisted reproductive technologies (ART). The selective cesarean section rate of mothers with gestational age ≥ 37 weeks was 59.3 % (51/86). The median duration and cost of the hospitalization were 13 (6.0, 21.0) days and 14 200 (6 800, 23 200) yuan. The common perinatal risk factors in the order of occurrence rate were 33.1% (192/580) cases of birth asphyxia, 19.7% (114 /580) cases of multiple births, 17.8% (103/580) cases of gestational hypertension, 15.2% (88/580) cases of fetal distress, 13.3% (77/580) cases of premature rupture, 5.7% (33/580) cases of placental abruption, 1.6% (9/580) cases of gestational diabetes, 1.4% (8/580) cases of intrahepatic cholestasis in pregnancy; 23.6% (33/140) cases in Gansu were treated with antenatal steroids, 12.1% (8/66) cases in Xinjiang and 9.4% (25/265) cases in Shaanxi. Shaanxi had the highest rate of applying pulmonary surfactant (PS) and intubate-surfactant-extubate to CPAP (INSURE), 61.6% (226/367) and 57.3% (142/248) respectively, but they had the lowest dosage of PS (80±43) mg/kg. Hospitals in Shaanxi used CPAP as the major assisted ventilation mode (87.5%, 294/336), with the maximum ventilation duration, the median was 67.0 (43.7, 108.7) hours. Hospitals in Xinjiang had the lowest rate of applying PS and INSURE, 27.3% (18/66) and 19.6% (10/51) cases respectively, but they had the largest dosage of PS (170±32) mg/kg. In Xinjiang, conventional mechanical ventilation was used as the major assisted ventilation mode (60.5%, 23/28) and the median of ventilation duration 24.0 (0.0, 60.0) hours was the shortest in the three regions. Hospitals in Gansu had the longest time of using PS, the median was 24 (7.0, 24.0) hours and also had the highest rate of applying assisted ventilation (94.6%, 139/147). The three regions had significant differences in the application of PS, mode of assistant ventilation and duration (χ(2)=40.572, 54.271, 29.529, P all<0.05). The common complications included hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE, 20.3% (104/513)), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH,14.3%(71/498)), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA, 9.2%(48/522)), pulmonary hemorrhage (6.1%, 32/526), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC, 4.6%(22/476)), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD, 3.4%(17/502)), periventricular leukomalacia (PVL, 2.5%(12/488)), and lung leakage (1.3%, 7/531). The total mortality rate of RDS infants was 14.7% (85/580). Of the 85, 65 died after abandoning of treatment, accounting for 76.5%. The abandoning rate in Xinjiang was much higher (59.1%, 39/66) than those in Shaanxi (8.7%, 32/367) and Gansu (18.4%, 27/147). The difference was statistically significant (χ(2)=21.237, P<0.05). CONCLUSION: The infants with RDS have greater average gestational age and weight. Problems found include incomplete prenatal examination, the high elective cesarean section rate of full-term infants with RDS, the low antepartum application rate of antenatal steroids, the non-standard use of PS, the low level of using INSURE, inadequate knowledge of complications as well as underdeveloped examination methods. The abandoning of treatment is the major cause of death. Therefore, we suggest that the government should list pulmonary surfactant among the medical insurance covered medicines to lower the rate of the family giving up the RDS infants because of economic difficulties.
Incident Coronary Heart Disease After Preeclampsia: Role of Reduced Fetal Growth, Preterm Delivery, and Parity.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is a severe pregnancy disorder often complicated by reduced fetal growth or preterm delivery and is associated with long-term maternal morbidity and mortality. We aimed to assess the association between preeclampsia phenotypes and risk of subsequent coronary heart disease and maternal cardiovascular mortality. METHODS AND RESULTS: Women aged 16 to 49 years who gave birth during 1980-2002 and registered in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway were followed prospectively (1-29 years) for an incident major coronary event and mortality through linkage with the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway 1994-2009 (CVDNOR) project and the Norwegian Cause of Death Registry. Preeclampsia was subdivided based on the presence of a child born small for gestational age or preterm delivery. Among 506 350 women with 1 to 5 singleton births, there were 1275 (0.3%) occurrences of major coronary event, 468 (0.1%) cardiovascular deaths, and 5411 (1.1%) deaths overall. Compared with women without preeclampsia, the hazard ratio (95% CI) for major coronary event was 2.1 (1.73-2.65) after preeclampsia alone, 3.3 (2.37-4.57) after preeclampsia in combination with small for gestational age, and 5.4 (3.74-7.74) after preeclampsia in combination with preterm delivery. Analyses distinguishing women with 1 (n=61 352) or >1 (n=281 069) lifetime pregnancy and analyses with cardiovascular mortality as outcome followed the same pattern. CONCLUSIONS: The occurrence of major coronary events was increased among women with preeclampsia and highest for preeclampsia combined with a child born small for gestational age and/or preterm delivery.
Hypertensive crisis in pregnancy due to a metamorphosing pheochromocytoma with postdelivery Cushing's syndrome.; Pheochromocytomas in pregnancy are rare but potentially lethal. Even rarer is the combination of pheochromocytoma in pregnancy with subsequent development of ectopic Cushing's syndrome. We report a 36-year-old woman, previously diagnosed with essential hypertension, who developed severe hypertension in pregnancy complicated by insulin-dependent gestational diabetes. A cesarean section was performed at 32 weeks following a hypertensive crisis after routine administration of betamethasone. Postnatal persistence of signs and symptoms of catecholamine excess led to the diagnosis of a left adrenal pheochromocytoma. Between diagnosis and planned tumor removal, the patient developed signs and symptoms of Cushing's syndrome (facial edema and hirsutism, myopathy and fatigue). Biochemical testing confirmed hypercortisolism with extremely elevated levels of plasma adrenocorticotropin, urinary cortisol and multiple steroids of a plasma panel that were all normal at previous testing. The previously noradrenergic tumor also started producing epinephrine. Histopathological examination confirmed the pheochromocytoma, which was also immunohistochemically positive for adrenocorticotropin. Full post-surgical recovery was sustained with normal blood pressure and biochemical findings after one year. This report not only underlines the chameleon behavior of pheochromocytoma but also illustrates its potential for a metamorphosing presentation. Corticosteroid administration in pregnancy requires a cautious approach in patients with hypertension.
Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy and puerperium in athletic women. Two case reports.; The authors present 2 cases: 1 of a thirty-two-year-old woman and another of a thirty-eight-year-old woman, both Hispanic and athletic, with no identifiable precipitating or coronary risk factors, such as previous heart disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cigarette smoking, hyperlipoproteinemia, oral contraceptive use, coagulation disorders, thyroid disease, collagen tissue disorder, or family history of premature myocardial infarction, who both developed an acute posteroinferior wall myocardial infarction with normal coronary arteries, one during pregnancy, from which normal twin girls were born, and another, during the postpartum period. After reviewing the literature the authors consider the present cases as unique due to the rare association of pregnancy with intrapartum and postpartum acute myocardial infarction with normal coronary arteries in athletic women.
Coincident DiGeorge anomaly and renal agenesis and its relation to maternal diabetes.; We describe 2 cases of DiGeorge anomaly with bilateral renal agenesis-one, who also had hemivertebrae, in an infant of an insulin-dependent diabetic mother (IDDM). In a review we identified 2 other instances of this combination, both in IDDMs. The currently accepted notion that DiGeorge anomaly and renal agenesis are developmental field defects, coupled with their coincidence in IDDM, suggests that this combination is an association.
[Metabolic syndrome after pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes: four-year follow-up].; Although clustering of cardiovascular risk factors is unquestionable, the importance of the "metabolic syndrome" as a distinct cardiovascular risk marker has been debated recently. In the authors' previous report a high frequency of glucose intolerance was described 8 years after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes, often associated with other unfavorable metabolic parameters. In the present study the objective was to estimate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in a cohort of previously gestational diabetes women, using different diagnostic criteria, 4 years after delivery. Those data were compared to a control group of 39 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Irrespective of the criteria used, metabolic syndrome was found more frequently among women with prior gestational diabetes. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome increased by degree of deterioration of glucose tolerance in the prior gestational diabetes group. Overweight women in both group had 10-fold increased risk of metabolic syndrome compared to normal-weight women. According to our results a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors might be observed in previous gestational diabetes women, 4 yrs after delivery. These data highlight the importance of regular follow-up of these women, and the possible advantage of early and aggressive treatment of each component of metabolic syndrome.
[Observations on lipid metabolism in normal pregnancy and in some pathological pregnancy disorders].; Chemical determination of total and esterified cholesterol and electrophoretic separation of plasma lipoproteins was carried out in a chemico-clinical approach to the pathology of lipide metabolism in pregnancy. In a future study, the investigation will be extended to the neonatal aspect of the problem. 136 women were studied, with 446 samples being taken, specifically: 65 controls, i.e. pregnant women not presenting pathology that might obviously involve lipide metabolism, 36 hypertense pregnant women, 28 diabetic and 7 with gravidic hepatosis. Observation of the data confirms that in pregnancy there is a steady, meaningful increase in cholesterolaemia and that the electrophoretic picture shows a steady reduction in alpha-lipoproteins, with stimulatneous increase in pre-beta proteins, reaching a peak in hepatosis cases, and an increase in beta lipoproteins. All this agrees with functional and teleological modifications in lipide metabolism during gestation.
Group I and group II phospholipase A2 in serum during normal and pathological pregnancy.; Phospholipase A2 groups I (pancreatic) and II (synovial) could be a link between local and systemic changes in pregnancy, reflected in catalytic activity. We studied whether normal pregnancy, preeclampsia, preterm labor and four other diseases have processes involving serum phospholipase A2s. Pancreatic and synovial-type phospholipase A2 were measured in the serum of 59 normal pregnant women and 89 patients with pathological pregnancy by newly developed time-resolved fluoroimmunoassays, and the catalytic activity by a radiochemical method using micellar phosphatidylcholine as substrate. During pregnancy weeks 6-14, synovial-type phospholipase A2 and catalytic activity were elevated 2- to 4-fold, but at 37 weeks values were normal. Pregnancy-induced hypertensive diseases increased by 4- to 10-fold the concentration of synovial-type phospholipase A2, reflected in catalytic activity. In 8 out of 14 cases, the enzyme was increased if the fetus was to be delivered prematurely. The enzymes studied remained within the reference interval in cases of hepatogestosis, fetal asphyxia, diabetes and twin pregnancy. Newly developed specific immunoassays for measuring different types of phospholipase A2 in serum can provide insights for clinical follow-up.
A study on human umbilical cord endothelial cells: functional modifications induced by plasma from insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus patients.; The aim of the present study was to evaluate the action of plasma from insulin-dependent diabetic (IDDM) pregnant women on nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activity in cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). We also studied the effect of the plasma on cytosolic calcium and on Na+/K+-adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity. Dynamic fluorescence studies of membrane fluidity were contemporarily performed to detect a direct effect of plasma on the endothelial cell membrane. We observed a significant increase in NOS activity, intracellular calcium, and Na+/K+-ATPase activity in cultured HUVECs exposed to IDDM plasma. Our dynamic fluorescence study showed a different microenvironmental organization of the cellular membrane after incubation with plasma from IDDM pregnant women, with a marked decrease in microheterogeneity as evaluated in terms of 1-(4-trimethylaminophenyl)-6-phenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (TMA-DPH) lifetime distribution width. The present investigation suggests that plasma from IDDM pregnant women can cause a generalized disturbance in the function of endothelial cells cultured from healthy subjects. Such a modification might play a central role in the pathogenesis of the vascular complications of the disease.
Environmental Signals.; Environmental factors have long been known to play a role in the pathogenesis of congenital heart disease (CHD), but this has not been a major focus of research in the modern era. Studies of human exposures and animal models demonstrate that demographics (age, race, socioeconomic status), diseases (e.g., diabetes, hypertension, obesity, stress, infection, high altitude), recreational and therapeutic drug use, and chemical exposures are associated with an increased risk for CHD. Unfortunately, although studies suggest that exposures to these factors may cause CHD, in most cases, the data are not strong, are inconclusive, or are contradictory. Although most studies concentrate on the effects of maternal exposure, paternal exposure to some agents can also modify this risk. From a mechanistic standpoint, recent delineation of signaling and genetic controls of cardiac development has revealed molecular pathways that may explain the effects of environmental signals on cardiac morphogenesis and may provide further tools to study the effects of environmental stimuli on cardiac development. For example, environmental factors likely regulate cellular signaling pathways, transcriptional and epigenetic regulation, proliferation, and physiologic processes that can control the development of the heart and other organs. However, understanding of the epidemiology and risk of these exposures and the mechanistic basis for any effects on cardiac development remains incomplete. Further studies defining the relationship between environmental exposures and human CHD and the mechanisms involved should reveal strategies to prevent, diagnose, and treat CHD induced by environmental signals.
Unfavorable effect of type 1 and type 2 diabetes on maternal and fetal essential fatty acid status: a potential marker of fetal insulin resistance.; BACKGROUND: Pregestational maternal diabetes increases obesity and diabetes risks in the offspring. Both conditions are characterized by insulin resistance, and diabetes is associated with low membrane arachidonic (AA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether type 1 and type 2 diabetes in pregnancy compromise maternal and fetal membrane essential fatty acids (FAs). DESIGN: We studied 39 nondiabetic (control subjects), 32 type 1 diabetic, and 17 type 2 diabetic pregnant women and the infants they delivered. Maternal and cord blood samples were obtained at midgestation and at delivery, respectively. Plasma triacylglycerols and choline phosphoglycerides and red blood cell (RBC) choline and ethanolamine phosphoglyceride FAs were assessed. RESULTS: The difference in maternal plasma triacylglycerol FAs between groups was not significant. However, the type 1 diabetes group had lower plasma choline phosphoglyceride DHA (3.7 +/- 0.9%; P < 0.01) than did the control group (5.2 +/- 1.6%). Likewise, RBC DHA was lower in the type 1 [choline: 3.4 +/- 1.5% (P < 0.01); ethanolamine: 5.9 +/- 2.5% (P < 0.05)] and type 2 [choline: 3.5 +/- 1.6% (P < 0.05)] diabetes groups than in the control group (choline: 5.5 +/- 2.2%; ethanolamine: 7.5 +/- 2.5%). Cord AA and DHA were lower in the plasma (type 1: P < 0.01) and RBC (type 2: P < 0.05) choline phosphoglycerides of the diabetics than of the control subjects, and cord RBC ethanolamine phosphoglycerides were lower in DHA (P < 0.05) in both diabetes groups than in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes (either type) compromises maternal RBC DHA and cord plasma and RBC AA and DHA. The association of these 2 FAs with insulin sensitivity may mean that the current finding explains the higher incidence of insulin resistance and diabetes in the offspring of diabetic women.
The association of maternal chronic hypertension with perinatal death in male and female offspring: a record linkage study of 866,188 women.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether there is a difference, by gender, in perinatal mortality in chronically hypertensive women compared with normotensive women. DESIGN: Population-based prospective cohort study. SETTING: Sweden. POPULATION: A total of 866,188 women with singleton pregnancies registered in the Swedish Medical Birth Registry 1992-2004, of which 4749 were diagnosed with chronic hypertension. METHODS: Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed. In a first step, we adjusted for maternal characteristics and in a second step for mild and severe pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption and small for gestational age. An effect modification by gender was included in the model. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Odds ratios (OR) for intrauterine death, neonatal death and post-neonatal death with respect to gender of offspring. RESULTS: The unadjusted OR of intrauterine death was 4.12 (95% CI: 2.84-5.96) and 1.29 (95% CI: 0.67-2.48) for male and female offspring, respectively, and of neonatal death, it was 3.45 (95% CI: 2.13-5.59) and 2.17 (95% CI: 1.08-4.35) for male and female offspring, respectively. After multivariate analysis, the OR of intrauterine death was 3.07 (95% CI: 2.12-4.46) and neonatal death was 2.99 (95% CI: 1.84-4.85) for male offspring. For female offspring, the OR of intrauterine death was 0.98 (95% CI: 0.51-1.89) and neonatal death was 1.88 (95% CI: 0.93-3.79). CONCLUSION: Mothers with chronic hypertension have an increased risk of perinatal mortality of their male offspring.
Pregnancy, cesarean, and pheochromocytoma: a case report and literature review.; A 43-year-old full-term pregnant woman (gravida 2, para 1, medical history of gestational diabetes mellitus) developed a sudden and malignant hypertension with hemoptysis, sweat, and tachycardia during a scheduled C-section. A dead newborn was delivered and was successfully resuscitated. The mother died after resistant cardiac arrest. Autopsy and pathological analyses revealed an acute pulmonary edema and a necrotic and hemorrhagic voluminous tumor of the left adrenal gland, which was a pheochromocytoma. Pheochromocytoma is a rare tumor of the adrenal glands which secretes catecholamines. In pregnant women, its symptoms can mimic gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. The gestational diabetes mellitus was presumed to be a symptom of the pheochromocytoma, and cardiopulmonary failure the result from the necrosis of the tumor provoked by gravid uterus compression. From a medico-legal point of view, the tumor could not have been suspected during the pregnancy.
Pregnancies in renal transplant recipients--with a focus on the maternal issues.; One hundred and thirteen pregnancies in 73 women who received a renal transplant were studied. The duration between the transplant operation and the conception averaged 19.9 months with a range of I month to 72 months. The mean age was 28 years. The majority (50 recipients had one pregnancy each, but two women had 5 children each and one had seven children). Only 12 (11.5%) out of the 113 pregnancies ended up with spontaneous abortions. The maternal medical problems encountered were reversible rejection in 11%, hypertension in 43%, UTI in 17% and gestational diabetes in 21%. It was noted that there was high incidence of preterm delivery in 64% of the pregnancies Caesarian section was required in 72% % of the cases. In conclusion we observed a high prevalence of successful pregnancies with no adverse effect on the allograft function and excellent fetal outcome (which is described in a separate paper focusing on the fetal outcome).
Assessment of first-trimester thymus size and correlation with maternal diseases and fetal outcome.; INTRODUCTION: We investigated the reliability of fetal thymus measurement during first-trimester screening, and associated fetal thymus size with crown-rump length, maternal diseases and fetal outcome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In a retrospective cohort of 971 normal singleton first-trimester fetuses, we measured the anterior-posterior diameter of the thymus in a midsagittal plane in 767 fetuses. The intra-observer and inter-observer reliabilities were tested by intra-class correlation coefficient. We correlated thymus size with fetal crown-rump length, and investigated its association with maternal diseases (diabetes mellitus, rheumatic disorders, hypertension and coagulation disorders) and fetal outcome (small for gestational age, preterm birth and umbilical artery pH) using regression analyses. RESULTS: The intra-observer and inter-observer reliabilities of fetal thymus measurement were excellent (intra-class correlation coefficient 0.926, 95% CI 0.745-0.981 and 0.945, 95% CI 0.886-0.993, respectively). A linear relationship was found between crown-rump length and thymus size (β = 0.023, p = 0.001). Pregnancies affected by maternal diabetes had a decreased fetal thymus size (β = -0.209, p = 0.001), whereas in pregnancies affected by maternal rheumatic disease the thymus size was increased (β = 0.285, p < 0.001). Fetal thymus size was not associated with maternal hypertension or maternal coagulation disorders. There was a positive association between preterm birth and fetal thymus size (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Measurement of first-trimester thymus size is reliable. Fetal thymus size has a linear correlation with crown-rump length. Maternal diabetes, rheumatic disease and preterm birth appear to have an association with fetal thymus size.
Trajectories of antipsychotic use before and during pregnancy and associated maternal and birth characteristics.; OBJECTIVE: To identify distinct trajectories of antipsychotic use prior to and during pregnancy and describe the associated maternal and birth characteristics. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study of births (2005-2012) using linked administrative data in New South Wales, Australia. We used group-based trajectory modelling to classify trajectories of antipsychotic use in the 450 days prior to pregnancy and during pregnancy. We characterised women with different trajectories according to maternal sociodemographic characteristics, mental health diagnoses and hospitalisations, use of psychotropic medicines and birth outcomes. RESULTS: Of 137,993 women who gave birth, 2741 (2.0%) were exposed to antipsychotics prior to or during pregnancy. We identified six trajectories of antipsychotic use: two involved short-term use of low daily doses prior to pregnancy (51.1%), while three involved long-term use of low (20.9%), moderate (11.0%) and high (2.0%) daily doses throughout pregnancy. One trajectory (15.0%) involved increasing use during pregnancy. Women with long-term use were more likely to have a schizophrenia or bipolar disorder diagnosis, to have used multiple psychotropics and to have a mental health hospitalisation during pregnancy. Overall, women using antipsychotics had elevated rates of adverse birth outcomes compared to unexposed women. Women with the greatest antipsychotic exposure had the highest rates of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension. CONCLUSION: Women using antipsychotics around pregnancy are heterogeneous, with varying patterns of use and associated birth outcomes, reflecting underlying differences in the indications for treatment and/or severity of illness. This diversity should be considered when developing clinical guidelines and designing safety studies.
Oral health in women with pregnancy and delivery complications.; Oral health was retrospectively studied in 207 women (mean age 30 years) in the Helsinki Womens' Hospital with the hypothesis that women with pregnancy complications and/or delivery complications would present poorer dental status than women without complications. Computerized dental records of the City of Helsinki Health Department were used with decayed, missing, filled index (DMF) and community periodontal index (CPI) scoring systems and a summary dental health index (DHI) was constructed for statistics. In 72%, the delivery was uncomplicated, while 18% had Caesarean section. Of the women, 8% had gestational diabetes, 7.1% had gestational hypertension, and 1.8% had preeclampsia. Fifteen (6.6%) preterm babies were born; eight (3.5%) babies weighed <2.500 g, seven (3.2%) received a 1-min Apgar point <7 indicating less than satisfactory state of the newborn. DMF was 12.9+/-6.6 in women without complications compared to 15.3+/-6.7 in women with complications (n.s.). CPI values did not differ between the groups. The mean DHI values were 2.07 in women with normal pregnancy complications and no delivery complications, 2.23 in those with pregnancy complications, and 2.13 in those with delivery complications, respectively. In logistic regression analysis, no oral health parameters associated with any complications. Thus, this study failed to show an association between poor dental health and pregnancy or delivery complications.
Incidence and Risks of Congenital Anomalies of Kidney and Urinary Tract in Newborns: A Population-Based Case-Control Study in Taiwan.; Congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) are 1 of the major factors in young adults needing renal replacement therapy, but there is little extensive assessment of their incidence and risk factors. This study aimed to evaluate trends in the incidence of and risk factors for CAKUT among all births in Taiwan.This population-based case-control study design was conducted using the Taiwan national births registry, which contains detailed information about maternal health and characteristics of newborns, supplied by health professionals. Of 1,603,794 newborns registered between 2004 and 2014, 668 infants were reported to have CAKUT. Newborns without congenital anomalies were matched with CAKUT cases by birth year, month, and Apgar score in a ratio of 5:1. Odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for developing CAKUT were calculated using a conditional multivariate logistic regression model.The incidence of CAKUT was approximately 4.2 per 10,000 births. The adjusted ORs for CAKUT in newborns associated with maternal age of 20 to 29 (OR, 2.18; 95% CI, 1.11-4.28), or 30 to 39 (OR, 2.29; 95% CI, 1.17-4.51), maternal gestational diabetes (OR, 2.22, 95% CI, 1.06-4.67), maternal thalassemia/hemochromatosis (OR, 2.67; 95% CI, 1.35-5.27), polyhydramnios or oligohydramnios (OR, 9.16; 95% CI, 5.46-15.37), birth parity >1 (OR, 0.27; 95% CI, 0.15-0.50), having a gestational age <37 weeks (OR, 1.48; 95% CI, 1.23-1.78), and being a boy (OR, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.53-2.19). Infants of mother with gestational diabetes were more likely to have congenital anomalies, small gestational age (<37 weeks) and low birth weight.CAKUT are associated with several maternal health risk factors. As Taiwan has the highest prevalence and incidence rates of end-stage renal disease in the world, these findings strongly support the need to develop professional guidelines for prenatal counseling and management of women at risk of adverse birth outcomes, to prevent kidney disease progression and reduce complications.
Pancreatic disorders of pregnancy. Pregestational diabetes.; The outcome of pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes, both insulin-dependent and non-insulin-dependent, has changed dramatically since the discovery of insulin in the early 1920s. Now, patients with pregestational diabetes can safely undergo a pregnancy and be assured that the infant will be healthy. Unfortunately, a finite risk of problems still may occur, including congenital malformations, spontaneous abortions, and diabetic fetopathy classically manifest as a macrosomic infant. Treatment strategies, although tedious and sometimes onerous, do minimize these risks.
Acute atherosis in vacuum suction biopsies of decidua basalis: An evidence based research definition.; BACKGROUND: Acute atherosis (AA) of the uteroplacental spiral arteries has been characterised by subendothelial lipid-laden foam cells, perivascular leukocyte infiltrates (PVI) and fibrinoid necrosis. Because precise diagnostic criteria are not available for comparative research studies we developed and tested new simplified criteria based on 237 cases. METHODS: Decidual basalis samples were collected by vacuum suction at elective cesarean deliveries. Spiral arteries were evaluated in serial decidual tissue sections from women with normal pregnancy, preeclampsia, and diabetes. Features of AA were sought in parallel sections stained with H&E and immunostained for CD68, cytokeratin CK7 and desmin, and costained with Periodic Acid Schiff (PAS). RESULTS: Foam cell lesions were defined as two or more adjacent, intramural, vacuolated CD68 positive cells, PVI as a focal perivascular lymphocyte accumulation, more dense than in the surrounding decidua. Increased fibrinoid (PAS positive) was identified if present in ≥75% of the arterial wall circumference. PVI and increased fibrinoid were significantly associated with preeclampsia but not specifically associated with the presence of foam cell lesions. Hence we diagnosed decidua basalis AA lesions solely by the presence of foam cell lesions, occurring in preeclampsia (37%), diabetes (10%) and healthy normotensive women (11%). The simplified criterion was reproducible by different investigators. Decidua basalis AA occurred most commonly and extensively in preeclampsia, but did not distinguish between preterm and term disease. DISCUSSION: Our evidence based criterion for decidua basalis AA diagnosis in vacuum suction biopsies may not apply to myometrial or decidua parietalis arteries. In decidual basalis samples it should facilitate comparisons between research studies, to improve pathophysiological understanding of AA and preeclampsia.
Re-examination of the estimated average requirement for carbohydrate intake during pregnancy: Addition of placental glucose consumption.; Evidence-based dietary reference intakes for nutrients in healthy individuals were last set in 2005 by the Institute of Medicine. For the first time, these recommendations included a guideline for carbohydrate intake during pregnancy. The recommended dietary allowance (RDA) was set at ≥175 g/d or 45%-65% of total energy intake. In the decades since, carbohydrate intake has been declining in some populations, and many pregnant women consume carbohydrates below the RDA. The RDA was developed to account for both maternal brain and fetal brain glucose requirements. However, the placenta also requires glucose as its dominant energy substrate and is as dependent on maternal glucose as the brain. Prompted by the availability of evidence demonstrating the rate and quantity of human placental glucose consumption, we calculated a potential new estimated average requirement (EAR) for carbohydrate intake to account for placental glucose consumption. Further, by narrative review, we have re-examined the original RDA by applying contemporary measurements of adult brain and whole-body fetal glucose consumption. We also propose, using physiologic rationale, that placental glucose consumption be included in pregnancy nutrition considerations. Calculated from human in vivo placental glucose consumption data, we suggest that 36 g/d represents an EAR for adequate glucose to support placental metabolism without supplementation by other fuels. A potential new EAR of 171 g/d accounts for maternal (100 g) and fetal (35 g) brain, and now placental glucose utilization (36 g), and with extrapolation to meet the needs of nearly all healthy pregnant women, would result in a modified RDA of 220 g/d. Lower and upper safety thresholds for carbohydrate intake remain to be determined, of importance as preexisting and gestational diabetes continue to rise globally, and nutrition therapy remains the cornerstone of treatment.
Evaluation of two-dimensional versus three-dimensional ultrasound in obstetric diagnostics: a prospective study.; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to find answers to the following questions: What are the technical and biological prerequisites for easily obtainable three-dimensional (3D) images? What are the visualization rates for various fetal organ systems? What is the potential for assessing fetal malformations? What are the psychological effects of 3D imaging on the expectant mothers? METHODS: Between January and June 1998, 433 pregnant women were prospectively examined with two-dimensional (2D) and 3D sonography. RESULTS: 3D visualization in healthy fetuses was inferior in quality to 2D visualization, which also accounted for the comparison of 3D imaging versus 2 D imaging among fetuses affected with malformations. In only 1 case did 3D imaging yield a slightly better description of the given malformation. This did not result in a different therapeutical approach. Concerning the psychological effect of 3D imaging, a marked approval of the 3D method was recorded. CONCLUSIONS: These results show that the image information acquired by 3D ultrasound technology is nearly always inferior to the image information obtained by conventional 2D imaging. 3D imaging can be useful for specific malformations under the condition that these examinations be performed in specific ultrasound departments. Thus, a clearly defined range of indications can be assigned to 3D imaging.
Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among women veterans deployed in service of operations in Afghanistan and Iraq.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) among women Veterans using Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) maternity benefits previously deployed in service of Operation Enduring Freedom/Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation New Dawn (OEF/OIF/OND), and whether pregnancy complications were associated with VA use following delivery. METHODS: We identified the study population through linkage with the Department of Defense roster and VA administrative and clinical data. GDM and HDP were identified by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes in VA inpatient or outpatient files. Similarly, we constructed a nationally representative sample of deliveries from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample. We calculated standardized incidence ratios (SIR) adjusted for age and year of delivery to compare rates of GDM and HDP. Proportional hazards regression was used to determine whether pregnancy complications were associated with use of VA following delivery. RESULTS: Between 2001 and 2010, 2,288 women OEF/OIF/OND Veterans used VA maternity benefits; 5.2% had GDM and 9.6% had HDP. Compared with women delivering in the United States, women OEF/OIF/OND Veterans using VA maternity benefits had higher risk of developing GDM (SIR: 1.40; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.16, 1.68) and HDP (SIR: 1.32; 95% CI 1.15, 1.51). Among women OEF/OIF/OND Veterans using VA maternity benefits, GDM (HR 1.01, 95% CI 0.83, 1.24) and HDP (HR 1.07, 95% CI 0.92, 1.25) were not associated with use of VA following delivery. CONCLUSIONS: Non-VA providers should be aware of their patients' Veteran status and the associated elevated risk for pregnancy complications. Within VA, focused efforts to optimize Veterans' preconception and postpartum health are needed.
Decoding the oxidative stress hypothesis in diabetic embryopathy through proapoptotic kinase signaling.; Maternal diabetes-induced birth defects occur in 6-10% of babies born to mothers with pregestational diabetes, representing a significant maternal-fetal health problem. Currently, these congenital malformations represent a significant maternal-fetal medicine issue, but are likely to create an even greater public health threat as 3 million women of reproductive age (19-44 years) have diabetes in the United States alone, and this number is expected to double by 2030. Neural tube defects (NTDs) and congenital heart defects are the most common types of birth defects associated with maternal diabetes. Animal studies have revealed that embryos under hyperglycemic conditions exhibit high levels of oxidative stress resulting from enhanced production of reactive oxygen species and impaired antioxidant capability. Oxidative stress activates a set of proapoptotic kinase signaling intermediates leading to abnormal cell death in the embryonic neural tube, which causes NTD formation. Work in animal models also has revealed that maternal diabetes triggers a series of signaling intermediates: protein kinase C (PKC) isoforms, PKCα, βII and δ; apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1; c-Jun-N-terminal kinase (JNK)1/2; caspase; and apoptosis. Specifically, maternal diabetes in rodent models activates the proapoptotic unfolded protein response and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. A reciprocal causation between JNK1/2 activation and ER stress exists in diabetic embryopathy. Molecular studies further demonstrate that deletion of the genes for Prkc, Ask1, Jnk1, or Jnk2 abolishes maternal diabetes-induced neural progenitor apoptosis and ameliorates NTD formation. Similar preventive effects are also observed when apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1, JNK1/2, or ER stress is inhibited. Cell membrane stabilizers and antioxidant supplements are also effective in prevention of diabetes-induced birth defects. Mechanistic studies have revealed important insights into our understanding the cause of diabetic embryopathy and have provided a basis for future interventions against birth defects or other pregnancy complications associated with maternal diabetes. The knowledge of a molecular pathway map identified in animal studies has created unique opportunities to identify molecular targets for therapeutic intervention.
Multiple arterial thrombi and in utero leg gangrene in an infant of a diabetic mother.; This case report is of an infant of a diabetic mother who presented with lower extremity gangrene occurring in utero that necessitated a below the knee amputation at 3 hours of age. The association of venous thrombi in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) has been firmly established. However, in this case the thrombi were arterial and resulted in gangrene during the second trimester of gestation. The reason for the increased tendency to develop thrombi in infant of diabetic mothers has not been elucidated. We did an extensive workup of this infant to look for a cause of the arterial thrombus. The only abnormality found was in the plasminogen activity, which was significantly lower than the reference values for infants of the same gestational and chronological age. The significance of this finding on the propensity of IDMs to develop thrombi is discussed.
Pregnancy-Associated Hypertension in Glucose-Intolerant Pregnancy and Subsequent Metabolic Syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether pregnancy-associated hypertension (preeclampsia or gestational hypertension) among women with varying degrees of glucose intolerance during pregnancy is associated with maternal metabolic syndrome 5-10 years later. METHODS: This was an observational cohort study of women previously enrolled in a treatment trial of mild gestational diabetes mellitus or an observational study of lesser degrees of glucose intolerance evaluated 5-10 years after their index pregnancy. At follow-up, women underwent anthropometric and blood pressure measurements and analysis of fasting glucose and serum lipids. RESULTS: A total of 825 women (47% of eligible women from the original study) were included in this analysis and evaluated at a median 7 years after their index pregnancy at a median age of 35 years. Overall, 239 (29%) had subsequent metabolic syndrome. The frequency of metabolic syndrome and its components was highest in the women who had pregnancy-associated hypertension and delivered preterm. After adjusting for confounding factors, pregnancy-associated hypertension in women who delivered preterm was associated with subsequent hypertension (130/85 mm Hg or greater; relative risk 3.06, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.95-4.80, P<.001), high triglycerides (150 mg/dL or greater; relative risk 1.82, 95% CI 1.06-3.14, P=.03), and metabolic syndrome (per the American Heart Association and National Heart Lung and Blood Institute Scientific Statement; relative risk 1.78, 95% CI 1.14-2.78, P=.01) compared with women who remained normotensive throughout their index pregnancy and were delivered at term. CONCLUSION: Women with varying degrees of glucose intolerance who experienced pregnancy-associated hypertension and then delivered preterm had a higher frequency of subsequent hypertension, high triglycerides, and metabolic syndrome 5-10 years later.
Blood pressure levels but not hypertensive complications have increased in Type 1 diabetes pregnancies during 1989-2010.; AIMS: The pre-pregnancy BMI and the third trimester HbA(1c) levels increased in Finnish parturients with Type 1 diabetes during 1989-2008. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether these trends have been accompanied by increases in blood pressure or hypertensive complications. Hypertension trends were analysed using the definitions of hypertension of both the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Diabetes Association. The associations of hypertension, as defined by the latter criteria, with perinatal complications were also studied. METHODS: The records of a cohort of 1007 consecutive patients with Type 1 diabetes with a singleton live childbirth during 1989-2010 at the Helsinki University Central Hospital were studied. RESULTS: The frequencies of hypertensive pregnancy complications did not change, but the mean diastolic blood pressure increased in normotensive parturients in all trimesters. The proportion of patients with systolic blood pressure > 130 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure > 80 mmHg in the first, second and third trimesters of pregnancy increased from 25 to 33%, from 26 to 35% and from 57 to 71%, respectively. Systolic blood pressure of 131-139 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure of 81-89 mmHg in the third trimester was associated with umbilical artery pH < 7.15. CONCLUSIONS: Blood pressure of patients with Type 1 diabetes during pregnancy is increasing. A growing proportion of women with Type 1 diabetes exceed the American Diabetes Association's definition of hypertension during pregnancy.
Cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Recent studies have provided evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes has lifelong effects on adult offspring, including increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children and to investigate whether these associations are independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. METHODS: Data were from a retrospective cohort of children aged 6-13 years born during 1994-2002. Multiple linear regression was used to examine the associations between exposure and cardiovascular risk factors with adjustment for demographic factors and pubertal stage and additionally for maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. RESULTS: Ninety-nine offspring of diabetic pregnancies had significantly increased E-selectin, vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), leptin, waist circumference, BMI and systolic blood pressure and decreased adiponectin levels compared with 422 offspring of non-diabetic pregnancies after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity (p < 0.05 for each risk factor). Additional adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI substantially attenuated group differences in the risk factors except for E-selectin, VCAM1 and waist circumference, which remained significantly higher in exposed children. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Compared with unexposed children, healthy offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in utero have a worse cardiovascular risk profile. In particular, offspring have substantially increased levels of circulating cellular adhesion molecules, which are biomarkers of adverse endothelium perturbation and may be related to the earliest preclinical stages of atherosclerosis and diabetes.
Fatal leukodystrophy in Costello syndrome: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Costello syndrome (CS) is a rare genetic condition characterized by dysregulation of the signaling pathway, phenotypic alteration due to fetal macrosomia or growth retardation, facial abnormalities, loose skin, cardiovascular abnormalities, and a variable degree of intellectual disability. CASE PRESENTATION: We describe the case of a 20-month-old male patient with fetal macrosomia and polyhydramnios, presenting psychomotor development delay and growth limitation during the first months of life. CS was diagnosed at four months of age after detecting a variant of the HRAS gene c.35G > C (p.G12A). A clinical description of his condition was recorded throughout his life, including cardiovascular diseases, endocrine disorders, and recurrent infections. At 20 months of age, after presenting events of marked hypotonia and generalized seizures, brain magnetic resonance revealed symmetrical lesions of the infra- and supratentorial white matter in both cerebral hemispheres, which resulted in the diagnosis of cerebral leukodystrophy. The patient had a rapid and progressive deterioration that eventually led to death. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first report of a case of CS in Peru. In addition, this is a case that presented with multisystemic conditions culminating in leukodystrophy, which is a rare event according to the literature.
Decision analysis of high-risk patient referral.; Decisions to refer obstetric patients are often complicated by social and financial considerations as well as medical risks. To study such decisions, 600 Fellows of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists were studied using a new decision analysis technique. It was found that obstetricians base their referrals predominantly on medical factors, but that other considerations can affect a close decision. Physicians differed on their indications to refer, as well as on the weight placed on some factors. Such differences could not be explained by age, training, or practice characteristics. Studying the referral process is important because successful regionalization depends on appropriate referral.
Linear and nonlinear parameters for the analysis of fetal heart rate signal from cardiotocographic recordings.; Antepartum fetal monitoring based on the classical cardiotocography (CTG) is a noninvasive and simple tool for checking fetal status. Its introduction in the clinical routine limited the occurrence of fetal problems leading to a reduction of the precocious child mortality. Nevertheless, very poor indications on fetal pathologies can be inferred from the even automatic CTG analysis methods, which are actually employed. The feeling is that fetal heart rate (FHR) signals and uterine contractions carry much more information on fetal state than is usually extracted by classical analysis methods. In particular, FHR signal contains indications about the neural development of the fetus. However, the methods actually adopted for judging a CTG trace as "abnormal" give weak predictive indications about fetal dangers. We propose a new methodological approach for the CTG monitoring, based on a multiparametric FHR analysis, which includes spectral parameters from autoregressive models and nonlinear algorithms (approximate entropy). This preliminary study considers 14 normal fetuses, eight cases of gestational (maternal) diabetes, and 13 intrauterine growth retarded fetuses. A comparison with the traditional time domain analysis is also included. This paper shows that the proposed new parameters are able to separate normal from pathological fetuses. Results constitute the first step for realizing a new clinical classification system for the early diagnosis of most common fetal pathologies.
Effects of twin gestation on maternal morbidity.; As the incidence of twin gestation increases, it is important to consider the maternal risks associated with carrying multiples. Compared with singleton gestation, there are increased risks to the mother during the antepartum, intrapartum, and postpartum periods. Certain pregnancy complications are more likely to occur during a twin gestation, including preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders, antepartum hospitalization for preterm labor or abnormal bleeding, nutritional deficiencies, cesarean delivery, and postpartum hemorrhage. Women carrying twins may benefit from early education regarding these issues, close maternal monitoring as well as physical therapy sessions, and nutrition counseling during their pregnancies.
Specific local cardiovascular changes of Nepsilon-(carboxymethyl)lysine, vascular endothelial growth factor, and Smad2 in the developing embryos coincide with maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects.; OBJECTIVE: Embryos exposed to a diabetic environment in utero have an increased risk to develop congenital heart malformations. The mechanism behind the teratogenicity of diabetes still remains enigmatic. Detrimental effects of glycation products in diabetic patients have been well documented. We therefore studied a possible link between glycation products and the development of congenital cardiovascular malformations. Furthermore, we investigated other possible mechanisms involved in this pathogenesis: alterations in the levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) or phosphorylated Smad2 (the latter can be induced by both glycation products and VEGF). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We examined the temporal spatial patterning of the glycation products Nepsilon(carboxymethyl)lysine (CML) and methylglyoxal (MG) adducts, VEGF expression, and phosphorylated Smad2 during cardiovascular development in embryos from normal and diabetic rats. RESULTS: Maternal diabetes increased the CML accumulation in the areas susceptible to diabetes-induced congenital heart disease, including the outflow tract of the heart and the aortic arch. No MG adducts could be detected, suggesting that CML is more likely to be indicative for increased oxidative stress than for glycation. An increase of CML in the outflow tract of the heart was accompanied by an increase in phosphorylated Smad2, unrelated to VEGF. VEGF showed a time-specific decrease in the outflow tract of embryos from diabetic dams. CONCLUSIONS: From our results, we can conclude that maternal diabetes results in transient and localized alterations in CML, VEGF expression, and Smad2 phosphorylation overlapping with those regions of the developing heart that are most sensitive to diabetes-induced congenital heart disease.
[Thoracic manifestation of Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome. Case report and brief review of the literature].; We report on prenatal diagnosis in a case of Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome with excessive tumour manifestations concerning thorax and upper extremities. The child was delivered at 37 weeks' gestation by cesarean section and, after several operations, is developing normally up to now.
Pregnancy complications and calculated cardiovascular risk in urban women: do we envisage an association?; Most researches related to pregnancy complications and future cardiovascular disease, and their risk factors have been equivocal. Existence and extent of these complications, as a contributing factor to CVD risks, with underlying mechanisms of these associations, still remain uncertain. Hence, the current study tends to examine associations between "complicated pregnancies" with obesity markers known to be coherent reflections of cardiovascular health in urban women. A cross-sectional sample of 631 Punjabi Khatri (mean age: 33 ± 5.58 years) urban women was studied for associations of pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, preterm delivery, and size for GA with calculated 10-year CVD risk (based on the Framingham score). A wide range of obesity markers (BMI, waist circumference (WC), WHR, and WHtR) were measured 3-8 years postpregnancy to determine its association with complications during pregnancy. The association with the calculated 10-year CVD risk (≥10 %) based on the Framingham prediction score was 3.01 OR (2.11-3.72 CI) for pregnancy DM, 4.52 (3.68-4.93 CI) for preeclampsia/gestational hypertension, 2.16 (2.01-2.79 CI) for size at GA (SGA and LGA), 2.25 (1.91-2.85 CI) for preterm births, and 2.48 (2.08-3.98 CI) for abnormal birth weight when compared with women without pregnancy diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia/gestational hypertension, appropriate gestational age, full-term babies, and normal birth weight, respectively, in completely adjusted models. Therefore, HDP, pregnancy diabetes mellitus, and pregnancy outcomes are all associated with an increased risk of CVD 10 years later. Pregnancy may provide an opportunity to identify women at increased risk of CVD relatively early in life.
Infections and Risk of Peripartum Stroke During Delivery Admissions.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Peripartum strokes during delivery admissions are rare but have high maternal morbidity. Infections have been proposed as a possible stroke trigger. We hypothesized that women who had infections diagnosed at the time of delivery admission would have higher risk of stroke during their delivery hospitalization. METHODS: We conducted a case-control study using state inpatient administrative databases for California (2007-2011), Florida (2009-2011), and New York (2009-2011). Women whose admission included a vaginal or cesarean delivery, with a new diagnosis of stroke during the admission, were considered cases and were randomly matched to 3 in-state controls by age/admission year and presence and severity of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The primary exposure of interest was infection of any type present on admission. Secondary exposures included race/ethnicity, payer status, delivery method, and known vascular risk factors such as chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, smoking, alcohol abuse, hypercoagulable states, coagulopathies, and renal disease. We used multivariable conditional logistic regression to estimate the odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for the association of infections and known vascular risk factors with stroke risk. RESULTS: A total of 455 cases (mean age, 29.8), of whom 195 (42.9%) had hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, were matched with 1365 controls. Infection of any type present on admission increased the odds of stroke diagnosis during the admission (adjusted odds ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.29-2.35). Risk was higher for genitourinary infections (adjusted odds ratio, 2.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.25-5.24) and sepsis (adjusted odds ratio, 10.4; 95% confidence interval, 2.15-20.0). The association between infection and stroke during delivery admission did not differ by the presence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Infections present on admission increased stroke risk during delivery admissions in women with and without hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The results were driven by genitourinary infections and sepsis. Infections may be an underrecognized precipitant of peripartum stroke.
Endocrinopathies and other disorders inducing a polycystic ovary syndrome phenotype.; Amongst the commonest endocrine symptoms encountered in premenopausal women are those related to excessive androgen secretion or action, along with menstrual irregularity. The vast majority of women presenting with such symptoms will be found to have the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), a disorder characterized by specific clinical, endocrine and ultrasonographic features. PCOS is regarded as a state of 'functional hyperandrogenism', as no distinct source of autonomous androgen secretion is identified and is commonly associated with insulin resistance. This later feature may also be related to some long-term sequelae of the syndrome that are associated with metabolic abnormalities and excessive cardiovascular morbidity. Although PCOS in the short-term is regarded as a 'benign' disease, a proportion of patients may harbor other underlying disorders that can be life-threatening, requiring prompt diagnosis and treatment. Adrenal and ovarian androgen-secreting tumors, adrenal and ovarian steroidogenic deficiencies along with other medical or endocrine conditions, particularly in the presence of insulin resistance, can exhibit similar clinical, endocrine and/or ultrasonographic features to PCOS. Their early identification is based on the presence of distinct features and a high index of suspicion.
Insulin influences on fetal growth.; Insulin appears to function as a "growth hormone" during late fetal development in man and other species. Infants of diabetic mothers exhibit generalized somatic hypertrophy except for the brain. Effects of insulin on fetal growth may be direct influences on cell proliferation or insulin may indirectly affect growth through stimulation of glucose and amino acid uptake into fetal tissues. While hyperinsulinism results in fetal macrosomy there is a delay in pulmonary functional maturity in infants of diabetic mothers that may reflect insulin induced alterations in lung growth and substrate flow in phospholipids.
The risk for future cerebrovascular disease in pregnant women with Moyamoya disease: a nationwide population-based study in South Korea.; BACKGROUND: Physiologic changes during pregnancy affect the development of postpartum cerebrovascular disease (CVD) in women with Moyamoya disease. Due to the rare prevalence of Moyamoya disease and its large regional variations, large-scale based studies on the risk of CVD after delivery have not been conducted. This study aimed to evaluate whether women with Moyamoya disease have an increased risk of CVD after delivery. METHODS: Research data was collected from the National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who delivered in Korea from 2007 to 2014 were enrolled in this study. We classified women as having CVD if they were diagnosed with any of the following conditions between delivery and December 31, 2016; cerebral infarction (I63.X in the International Classification of Diseases-10th Revision [ICD-10]) and/or intracranial hemorrhage (I61.X, I62.X in ICD-10) and/or subarachnoid hemorrhage (I60.X in ICD-10). Women with Moyamoya disease were identified as having I67.5 in ICD-10. We matched the study cohort by the ratio of 1:10 to analyze the risk CVD occurrence. The matching technique applied in this study was based on the variables of age and parity. To evaluate the adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for CVD in women with Moyamoya disease, we used multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression. RESULTS: Among a total of 3,611,216 Korean women who underwent delivered, we identified 412 women with Moyamoya disease diagnosis and 1420 age- and parity-matched women without Moyamoya disease (control). Compared to the control group, women with Moyamoya disease had a significantly higher rate of Cesarean section, overt DM, and essential hypertension (all p < 0.0001). Among women with Moyamoya disease, 55 (13.35%) women developed CVD within the follow-up postpartum period. The presence of Moyamoya disease was associated with an increased risk of CVD after delivery (adjusted HR 37.42; 95% confidence interval (CI) 17.50-80.02 within 2.3 years) after adjusting for pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension. CONCLUSION: This population based study showed that the occurrence rate of CVD after delivery was higher in women with Moyamoya disease than in those without. Therefore, careful and long-term postpartum surveillance is required for women with Moyamoya disease.
Aspergillus meningitis following spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section in Colombo, Sri Lanka.; We report six cases of Aspergillus meningitis after spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section administered in June and July 2005. Three patients died before a fungal infection was confirmed at the first post-mortem examination in August. Thereafter anti-fungal therapy was successful in saving the lives of the other three patients. Some syringes and spinal needles supplied to the hospitals concerned were found to be contaminated with Aspergillus fumigatus. Investigators found that medical supply storage facilities were substandard following the influx of donations after the tsunami of December 2004.
[Myocardial infarction in the 34th week of gestation: case report].; Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is a rare event that is often associated with a very high maternal mortality, estimated to be from 19 to 37%. During the last decades the incidence of myocardial infarction during pregnancy has increased . The main contributing factor could be a higher prevalence of the metabolic syndrome. The strongest predictors correlated with a myocardial infarction are hypertension, diabetes mellitus and advanced maternal age. In addition, improved diagnostic tools could explain the elevated incidence of myocardial infarction during pregnancy. In general gestation is not considered a risk factor for myocardial infarction but gravidity is accompanied by an increase in oestrogen and progesterone levels. It is generally accepted that oral contraceptives increase the risk of coronary heart disease. We present a case where a 37-year-old gravida was admitted to hospital with diffuse thoracic pain. In the patient's history, we found several putative reasons for the thoracic pain that pointed to a musculoskeletal cause. Based on an elevation of ischaemic heart markers and continuous non-specific thoracic pain we performed a primary Cesarean section. In the coronary angiography procedure that followed, a thrombotic occlusion of the ramus diagonalis was diagnosed. We here describe the differential diagnosis as well as the problems associated with diagnosing myocardial infarction in the third trimester of pregnancy.
Severe fatal course of axial mesodermal dysplasia spectrum associated with complex cardiac defect in an infant of a mother with insulin dependent diabetes.; Axial mesodermal dysplasia spectrum (AMDS) includes the features of other malformation complexes or sequences, such as oculo-auriculo-vertebral spectrum (OAVS) and sacral dysgenesis. We describe a new patient, an infant born to a type 1 diabetic mother, with the phenotype of AMDS as well as severe congenital cardiac anomalies including transposition of the great arteries and an atrioventricular septal defect. Congenital heart defects had been reported with OAVS, sacral dysgenesis, and in an infant born to a diabetic mother and combinations of these findings have been reported in the same patient. To our knowledge, this is the first patient with AMDS with transposition of great arteries and an atrioventricular septal defect and the second patient with AMDS who had history of parental consanguinity. The mechanism through which maternal diabetes mellitus leads to malformations is not entirely clear, but the glycemic control is essential in the care of mothers.
Glucose inhibits cardiac muscle maturation through nucleotide biosynthesis.; The heart switches its energy substrate from glucose to fatty acids at birth, and maternal hyperglycemia is associated with congenital heart disease. However, little is known about how blood glucose impacts heart formation. Using a chemically defined human pluripotent stem-cell-derived cardiomyocyte differentiation system, we found that high glucose inhibits the maturation of cardiomyocytes at genetic, structural, metabolic, electrophysiological, and biomechanical levels by promoting nucleotide biosynthesis through the pentose phosphate pathway. Blood glucose level in embryos is stable in utero during normal pregnancy, but glucose uptake by fetal cardiac tissue is drastically reduced in late gestational stages. In a murine model of diabetic pregnancy, fetal hearts showed cardiomyopathy with increased mitotic activity and decreased maturity. These data suggest that high glucose suppresses cardiac maturation, providing a possible mechanistic basis for congenital heart disease in diabetic pregnancy.
Antenatal and delivery risk factors and prevalence of cerebral palsy in Duzce (Turkey).; This cross-sectional study aimed at investigating the prevalence and the etiological factors of cerebral palsy (CP) and comparing them with normal population within the rural and urban areas of Duzce province. Of the 102 children with cerebral palsy, 98 were associated with antenatal and delivery risk factors. The mean crude prevalence of cerebral palsy was 1.1 per 1000 live births. The children with CP were compared with 530 control subjects. The mothers of the children with cerebral palsy were significantly younger than the mothers of children in control group, and they had less parity and abortion. Preeclampsia, premature rupture of membranes, home births, prolonged labor, and twin pregnancies were significantly more common in the mothers of children with cerebral palsy, where no significant differences were found between the groups in terms of breech delivery, rate of cesarean births, gestational diabetes, and hemorrhage in late pregnancy. Birth asphyxia, liqueur with meconium stained, prolonged jaundice and neonatal seizure were also significantly more common in the group with cerebral palsy. Of the children with cerebral palsy, 78% were born at term, 20% were born with gestational ages of 32-36 weeks, 2% were born with gestational ages of 30-31 weeks. Nine percent of those children had a birth weight of >or= 3000 g, 12.2% had a birth weight of 2500-2999 g, 33.7% had a birth weight of 1500-2499 g, and 5.1% had a birth weight of <or= 1500 g. The causes of low prevalence of cerebral palsy were due to insufficient neonatal care, resulting in low survival in preterm and low birth weight children, and poor postnatal care of children with cerebral palsy.
The effect of oral ritodrine therapy on glucose tolerance in pregnancy.; Intravenous ritodrine therapy can cause significant deterioration of maternal glucose homeostasis. We investigated the effect of full maintenance oral ritodrine therapy (120 mg/day) on glucose tolerance in the early third trimester with the use of 50 gm 1-hour screens followed by 100 gm 3-hour oral glucose tolerance tests if the screen level was greater than or equal to 140 mg/dl. Four hundred ninety-one patients were studied, 42 of whom were receiving oral ritodrine therapy. Twenty-one percent of the ritodrine-treated women had an abnormal 1-hour screen, which was not different from the 20% observed in women not receiving therapy. None of the treated group and 13% of the untreated group who had abnormal screens had abnormal oral glucose tolerance tests. The probability of an abnormal test after an abnormal 1-hour screen was also determined.
Retinal haemorrhages and papilloedema due to benign intracranial hypertension in a pregnant diabetic.; A case of benign intracranial hypertension associated with generalized oedema is reported in a normotensive pregnant patient with long-standing insulin-treated diabetes mellitus. Following treatment with bed rest, chlorthalidone and dexamethasone the condition resolved and a healthy infant was delivered. This condition, not previously reported in a diabetic pregnancy, must be differentiated from other causes of bilateral optic nerve abnormalities associated with retinal haemorrhages and oedema, including diabetic retinopathy, diabetic optic neuropathy, accelerated hypertension and cerebral mass lesions. Treatment is required to prevent permanent visual impairment due to pressure on the susceptible optic nerve of the diabetic patient and to avoid the metabolic consequences to both mother and fetus of poor nutritional intake due to nausea.
Asymptomatic diabetes: the difference between population-based and office-based screening.; AIM: To compare the results between population-based and office-based diabetes screening. METHODS: In 1997, a population-based screening was performed on a group of government employees and retired subjects in the Makassar Municipality. Since the year 2000, we performed screening at the clinic. For clinical-based screening, we focused the screening on those with high risks for developing diabetes mellitus, i.e. all subjects aged > or =45 or those aged < 45 with one or more of the following abnormalities: obese (BMI > 25 kg/m2), elevated blood pressure (> or =140/90 mmHg in adults), family history of diabetes, previous identified IFG or IGT, HDL-cholesterol < or =35 mg/dl and/or triglyceride > or =250 mg/dL, and history of gestational diabetes mellitus or delivery of babies > or =4000 gram. For population-based screening, the criteria for diabetes mellitus was based on a single test 2-hours post load (75 gram glucose), while for office-based screening, the WHO l999 was used i.e. fasting and 2-hours post 75 gram glucose load (OGTT). RESULTS: During the screening in the population, 941 subjects were screened, 290 women and 651 men. There were 51 diabetic subjects, or a prevalence of 5.42%, 21 women or 7.24% of all women, and 30 men or 4.60% of all men. At the clinical setting, 907 were screened, 483 women and 424 men. Among these subjects, 155 fulfilled the diabetes criteria, with a prevalence of 17.1%. There were 78 diabetic women or 16.1% of all women, and 77 men or 18.2% of all men. If the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus in the clinical setting is based only on 2 hours post load (the same as for population-based) only 70 patients can be detected, for a prevalence of 7.7%, which is still higher compared to the results of the population-based screening. All figures obtained from the office-based screening were higher as compared to the population-based results. CONCLUSION: These results show that office-based screening detected more asymptomatic diabetes compared to population-based screening. It is suggested that early detection of asymptomatic diabetes is performed at the clinic, either at the hospital or doctor's private office.
Prognosis of infants of diabetic mothers in relation to neonatal hypoglycaemia.; A prospective follow-up study was conducted to determine whether neonatal hypoglycaemia in infants of diabetic mothers affects subsequent neurological and intellectual performance. 37 such infants (25 hypoglycaemic and 12 non-hypoglycaemic) were examined for physical, neurological and developmental performance at an average age of 4 1/2 years. 11 children were abnormal, with generalised retardation and neurological abnormalities, or delays in particular areas of development; three children were possibly abnormal; and 23 children were normal. Abnormality at follow-up could not be related to neonatal blood glucose level, to the duration of hypoglycaemia or to any other measurement made in the neonatal period, nor to any factor relating to the maternal diabetes. Compared with the normal children, the abnormal group had slightly small head-circumferences at birth relative to their gestational age, but a follow-up there was no difference in head size. At follow-up the children of diabetic mothers tended to be shorter than average. The poor prognosis of the infants in this study was not due to brain damage caused by neonatal hypoglycaemia.
[The impact of metabolic control on uteroplacental circulation parameters in pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension and/or preeclampsia in pregnant women with pregestational diabetes].; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to evaluated the impact of metabolic control in pregnant women with PGDM on uteroplacental circulation parameters during pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study group included 141 pregnant women divided into 3 subgroups: PE + GH group (n = 16)--woman suffering from PGDM, with superimposed PE or GH, the PGDM group (n = 84)--women suffering from PGDM without hypertension, and the control group--41 healthy women in uncomplicated pregnancy. All participants were monitored for metabolic control and uteroplacental circulation parameters during pregnancy. The survey was completed after the data from the perinatal period were collected. RESULTS: The differences between the uterine artery pulsatility index (Pi UtA) in the first trimester of pregnancy expressed as a multiple of the median (MoM), were not statistically significant between the groups (p ≥ 0.42). Also, no statistically significant differences were observed between the groups Pi UtA in the second (p ≥ 0.33) and third trimester of pregnancy (p = 1.0). The rate of fetal growth was comparable in all groups. Infant birth weight percentile in the study groups did not differ statistically (p ≥ 0.15). CONCLUSIONS: Tight metabolic control during pregnancy in women suffering from PGDM allows to obtain blood flow in the uteroplacental circulation which is comparable to their healthy pregnant peers.
Developmental programming of offspring obesity, adipogenesis, and appetite.; A newly recognized primary cause of the obesity epidemic is the developmental programming effects of infants born to mothers with obesity or gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth-restricted newborns, and offspring exposed to environmental toxins including bisphenol A. The mechanisms which result in offspring obesity include the programming of the hypothalamic appetite pathway and adipogenic signals regulating lipogenesis. Processes include nutrient sensors, epigenetic modifications, and alterations in stem cell precursors of both appetite/satiety neurons and adipocytes which are modulated to potentiate offspring obesity. Future strategies for the prevention and therapy of obesity must address programming effects of the early life environment.
A randomized trial of early discharge and nurse specialist transitional follow-up care of high-risk childbearing women.; In a randomized clinical trial, quality of health care as reflected in patient outcomes and cost of health care was compared between two groups of high-risk childbearing women: women diagnosed with diabetes or hypertension in pregnancy. The control group (N = 52) was discharged routinely from the hospital. The intervention group (N = 44) was discharged early using a model of clinical nurse specialist transitional follow-up care. During pregnancy, the intervention group had significantly fewer rehospitalizations than the control group. For infants of diabetic women enrolled in the study during their pregnancy, low birth weight (< or = 2,500 g) was three times more prevalent in the control group (29%) than in the intervention group (8.3%). The postpartum hospital charges for the intervention group were also significantly less than for the control group. The mean total hospital charges for the intervention group were 44% less than for the control group. The mean cost of the clinical specialist follow-up care was 2% of the total hospital charges for the control group. A net savings of $13,327 was realized for each mother-infant dyad discharged early from the hospital.
Plasma estrogens in the assessment of fetoplacental function.; A retrospective study has been undertaken to assess the diagnostic value of plasma estriol (E3) determinations, as compared with determinations of other biochemical parameters, in predicting the outcome of pregnancy. The normal levels of plasma unconjugated and total E3 were determined on weekly samples obtained during the third trimester of 258 normal pregnancies. Weekly concurrent specimens of plasma and 24-hour urine collections were obtained from 17 high-risk pregnancies associated with hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation and diabetes. Determination of plasma unconjugated and total E3 were made along with human placental lactogen (HPL), urinary E3, and other biophysical parameters such as the oxytocin challenge test, non-stressed test, ultrasonography, etc. The results of plasma E3 were not reported nor used for the clinical management of the patient. The data suggests that weekly plasma determinations were of little value in the assessment of feto-placental status. Some observations on the extent of variability of plasma E3 are discussed.
Congenital heart defects in offspring of women with Type 2 diabetes - a systematic review.; INTRODUCTION: The risk of congenital heart defects in the offspring of women with Type 2 diabetes is only sparsely described. The aim of this review was to estimate the prevalence of congenital heart defects in offspring of women with Type 2 diabetes in comparison to offspring of women with Type 1 diabetes and to offspring of the background population. METHODS: This systematic review followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) guidelines. A literature search was performed in the PubMed, Embase and Cochrane databases. Studies were included if they were published from 2007 to 2018, comprised a minimum of 200 offspring of women with Type 2 diabetes and examined the prevalence of congenital heart defects. RESULTS: Five cohort studies with a total of 23,845 offspring of women with Type 2 diabetes were included. The studies were heterogeneous with respect to method of diagnosis and whether terminated pregnancies were included, and a meta-analysis could not be performed. The mean prevalence of congenital heart defects was 44 (range: 26-65) per 1,000 offspring. The mean relative risk was 0.82 (range: 0.53-1.01) compared with offspring of women with Type 1 diabetes, and 3.83 (range: 2.53-5.49) compared with the background population. A positive association was described between the prevalence of congenital heart defects and the maternal glycated haemoglobin level, but not with medical treatment. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of congenital heart defects among offspring of women with Type 2 diabetes was comparable to that of offspring of women with Type 1 diabetes and almost four times higher than in the background population.
Maternal obesity and obstetric outcomes in a tertiary referral center.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Obese women are at an increased risk of various adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of our study was to evaluate the impact of obesity on maternal and neonatal outcomes in a tertiary referral center and to compare obstetric outcomes by the level of maternal obesity. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cohort study included 3247 women with singleton gestations who gave birth at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Lithuanian University of Health Sciences, in 2010. Pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes were identified using the hospital Birth Registry database in normal weight (body mass index [BMI] 18.5-24.9kg/m(2), n=3107) and prepregnancy obese (BMI ≥30kg/m(2), n=140) women. Pregnancy outcomes were compared according to the level of obesity (BMI 30-34.9kg/m(2), n=94 and BMI ≥35kg/m(2), n=46). RESULTS: Obese women were significantly more likely to have gestational hypertension (OR=8.59; 95% CI, 5.23-14.14; P<0.0001), preeclampsia (OR=2.06; 95% CI, 1.14-3.73; P<0.0001), gestational diabetes (OR=5.56; 95% CI, 3.66-8.49; P<0.0001), dystocia (OR=2.14; 95% CI, 1.36-3.38; P<0.0001), induced labor (OR=2.64; 95% CI, 1.83-3.80; P<0.0001), failed induction of labor (OR=18.06; 95% CI, 8.85-36.84; P<0.0001), cesarean delivery (OR=1.76; 95% CI, 1.25-2.49; P=0.001), large-for-gestational-age newborns (OR=3.68; 95% CI, 2.51-5.39; P<0.0001). Significantly increased risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, dystocia and newborns with Apgar score ≤7 after 5min was only observed in women with BMI ≥35kg/m(2). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity is significantly associated with an increased risk of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, dystocia, labor induction, failed induction of labor, large-for-gestational-age newborns and cesarean delivery.
The combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes on long-term risk of premature myocardial infarction and stroke: A population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risks of premature (persons aged ≤60 years) major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) based on a composite endpoint of fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. BACKGROUND: Migraine and GDM are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. It is unknown how the combination of migraine and GDM may affect cardiovascular disease risk. METHODS: In a Danish population-based cohort longitudinal study, we established four cohorts among women with at least one pregnancy during 1996-2018: women with migraine, women with GDM, women with both migraine and GDM, and women free of migraine and free of GDM. Risks of premature MACCE and component endpoints were assessed for each cohort. RESULTS: We included 1,307,456 women free of migraine and free of GDM, 56,811 women with migraine, 24,700 women with GDM, and 1484 women with migraine and GDM. The 20-year absolute risk of MACCE was 1.3% (MI: 0.4%, ischemic stroke: 0.6%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women free of migraine and free of GDM, 2.3% (MI: 0.8%, ischemic stroke: 1.2%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.5%) among women with migraine, 2.2% (MI: 1.0%, ischemic stroke: 1.0%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.4%) among women with GDM, and 3.7% (MI: 1.7%, ischemic stroke: 1.7%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women with both migraine and GDM. The 20-year adjusted hazard ratio of premature MACCE was 1.65 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.49-1.82) for women with migraine; 1.64 (95% CI 1.37-1.96) for women with GDM; and 2.35 (95% CI 1.03-5.36) for women with both GDM and migraine when compared with women free of migraine and free of GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Migraine and GDM were each independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE. Risk of premature MACCE was greatest among women with both migraine and GDM, although this risk estimate was imprecise.
Mechanisms for the adverse effects of late gestational increases in maternal cortisol on the heart revealed by transcriptomic analyses of the fetal septum.; We have previously shown in sheep that 10 days of modest chronic increase in maternal cortisol resulting from maternal infusion of cortisol (1 mg/kg/day) caused fetal heart enlargement and Purkinje cell apoptosis. In subsequent studies we extended the cortisol infusion to term, finding a dramatic incidence of stillbirth in the pregnancies with chronically increased cortisol. To investigate effects of maternal cortisol on the heart, we performed transcriptomic analyses on the septa using ovine microarrays and Webgestalt and Cytoscape programs for pathway inference. Analyses of the transcriptomic effects of maternal cortisol infusion for 10 days (130 day cortisol vs 130 day control), or ∼25 days (140 day cortisol vs 140 day control) and of normal maturation (140 day control vs 130 day control) were performed. Gene ontology terms related to immune function and cytokine actions were significantly overrepresented as genes altered by both cortisol and maturation in the septa. After 10 days of cortisol, growth factor and muscle cell apoptosis pathways were significantly overrepresented, consistent with our previous histologic findings. In the term fetuses (∼25 days of cortisol) nutrient pathways were significantly overrepresented, consistent with altered metabolism and reduced mitochondria. Analysis of mitochondrial number by mitochondrial DNA expression confirmed a significant decrease in mitochondria. The metabolic pathways modeled as altered by cortisol treatment to term were different from those modeled during maturation of the heart to term, and thus changes in gene expression in these metabolic pathways may be indicative of the fetal heart pathophysiologies seen in pregnancies complicated by stillbirth, including gestational diabetes, Cushing's disease and chronic stress.
The impact of myo-inositol supplementation on sleep quality in pregnant women: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Myo-inositol, a glial marker which plays a critical role in some brain regions, can supposedly affect sleep processes. The purpose of randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the impact of myo-inositol supplementation on sleep quality of pregnant women. METHODS: The study enrolled 60 women with low risk singleton pregnancies, with a gestational age of at least 14 weeks, in Iran. The participants were block randomized to receive myo-inositol supplementation powder containing 2000 mg of myo-inositol and 200 μg of folic acid or placebo (400 μg of folic acid) for 10 weeks from the gestational age of 14-24. Sleep quality was measured by the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). The primary outcome was the change in sleep quality from the first trimester to the second trimester (24-28 weeks). The ANCOVA with adjusted covariate variables in the first trimester was conducted to estimate the sleep quality between the two groups. RESULTS: The results of ANCOVA boot strapped showed that the mean difference of the total sleep quality score between the two groups was -1.537; 95% CI: -3.050 to -0.024, p = .047) in the second trimester at immediately post-intervention. Also, there were significant differences between the two groups in terms of subjective sleep quality (MD: -0.427; 95% CI: -0.725 to -0.128, p = .006, sleep duration (MD: -0.670; 95% CI: -1.240 to -0.101; p = .022) and habitual sleep efficiency (MD: -0.561; 95% CI: -1.038 to -0.085, p = .022). CONCLUSION: The research confirmed that myo-inositol supplementation can improve global sleep quality, subjective sleep quality, and sleep duration during pregnancy. Therefore, these findings applied to minimize the rate of poor sleep quality in pregnant women.
MRI findings in macrocephaly-cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita.; We describe a child with macrocephaly-cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita (M-CMTC), cherry red macules, megalencephaly with hemifacial and segmental overgrowth, macrosomia, and cutis marmorata telangiectasia congenita of the trunk, and visceral and subcutaneous cavernous hemangiomas. The megalencephaly is accompanied by MRI findings of CNS dysgenesis with protrusion of the cerebellar tonsils through the foramen magnum (Chiari I), lumbar syrinx, and hydrops of the optic nerves. The report of this additional patient further confirms the newly described macrocephaly-cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita as a distinct clinical phenotype.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Maternal Chronic Diseases in the Future: A Cross-Sectional Study Using KoGES-HEXA Data.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and metabolic syndrome (MS), in the future. We designed a large-scale cohort study to evaluate the influence of APOs (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), stillbirth, macrosomia, and low birth weight) on the incidence of chronic diseases, body measurements, and serum biochemistry in the future and investigate whether combinations of APOs had additive effects on chronic diseases. We used health examinee data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES-HEXA) and extracted data of parous women (n = 30,174; mean age, 53.02 years) for the analysis. Women with APOs were more frequently diagnosed with chronic diseases and had a family history of chronic diseases compared with women without APOs. Composite APOs were associated with an increased risk of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, angina pectoris, stroke, and MS (adjusted odds ratio: 1.093, 1.379, 1.269, 1.351, 1.414, and 1.104, respectively) after adjustment for family history and social behaviors. Preeclampsia and GDM were associated with an increased risk of some chronic diseases; however, the combination of preeclampsia and GDM did not have an additive effect on the risk. APOs moderately influenced the future development of maternal CVD and metabolic derangements, independent of family history and social behaviors.
A complicated multisystem flare of systemic lupus erythematosus during pregnancy.; We report a case of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) in a young woman who became pregnant amid a severe flare. She continued to have active disease in the face of aggressive treatments complicated by several side effects of immunosuppressive drugs including recurrent sepsis and gestational diabetes. Her fetus was at risk for congenital heart block during the second and third trimesters. Despite an extremely guarded prognosis, she delivered a healthy baby girl. This case highlights the complexities of SLE management during pregnancy. We discuss the therapeutic options available in pregnancy, and highlight the importance of cross-specialty multidisciplinary care in these women.
Effect of pre-gravid body mass index on outcomes of pregnancies following in vitro fertilization.; PURPOSE: To examine the effect of pre-gravid body mass index (BMI) on perinatal outcomes in in vitro fertilization (IVF) singleton pregnancies. METHODS: Retrospective population-based cohort study. All singleton pregnancies delivered at ≥ 22 weeks' in Slovenia between 2002 and 2015 were included. Logistic regression analysis was used to examine the relationship between BMI category and outcomes, controlling for potential confounding variables. Interaction term was included to evaluate whether effects of obesity on perinatal outcomes differ in IVF vs. non-IVF pregnancies. We counted the frequencies of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, preterm births, and small as well as large for gestational age neonates, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, neonatal intraventricular hemorrhage, and perinatal deaths. RESULTS: Pre-gravid overweight and obesity were associated with higher rates of hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and cesarean deliveries in both IVF and non-IVF pregnancies. Pre-gravid underweight was associated with small for gestational age neonates in IVF and non-IVF pregnancies. There was a significantly lower effect of pre-gravid obesity on the incidence of hypertensive disorders (odds ratio (OR) 0.7; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.5-0.9) and cesarean delivery (OR 0.8; 95% CI 0.7-0.99) in IVF vs. non-IVF pregnancies. The effect of pre-gravid obesity on neonatal mortality was significantly greater in IVF compared to non-IVF pregnancies (OR 4.6; 95% CI 1.4-15.8). CONCLUSIONS: Pre-gravid BMI has an important effect on perinatal outcomes in pregnancies following IVF.
Epidemiology of cardiovascular malformations: prevalence and risk factors.; Epidemiological approaches to the study of cardiovascular malformations (CVMs) face challenges of disease definition, nomenclature, changing diagnostic methodologies, the rarity of the disease in the general population, and the incorporation of current knowledge on genetics and morphogenesis into designing studies to investigate risk factors and implement preventive strategies. Previous studies, especially the population-based Baltimore-Washington Infant Study, have documented variability in the prevalence of specific types of CVM by time, place, and personal characteristics and have highlighted the potential prevention of diabetes-associated heart malformations through timely medical management of pre-conception diabetes. Left-sided obstructive heart defects have been identified as targets for new studies of genetic risk factors. Potential environmental risk factors for CVMs also have been identified, such as organic solvents and pesticides, coincident with the emergence of new strategies to study genetic susceptibility and gene-environment interactions. Increased collaborative, multicenter research on these and other factors, such as nutritional factors in early pregnancy, offers new hope for potentially reducing the burden of CVM in the population.
[Upper extremity gangrene in an infant of a diabetic mother, presenting at birth].; In utero gangrene of an extremity because of an arterial thrombosis is rare. More than 20% of the reported cases concern infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) with poor control of diabetes. Changes in coagulation related to deviation of clotting factors and low plasminogen activity may be the cause. We report a case of an IDM who presented at birth with upper extremity gangrene. The Dopplersonography has shown missing pulsations and thrombosis of a.brachialis sin, which was confirmed after amputation of the arm on the 5th day. The postoperative period was complicated by septicaemia, necrotising enterocolitis and disseminated intravasal coagulation resulting in the baby's death 10 days after birth.
Newborn screen metabolic panels reflect the impact of common disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and maternal diabetes profoundly affect fetal and newborn growth, yet disturbances in intermediate metabolism and relevant mediators of fetal growth alterations remain poorly defined. We sought to determine whether there are distinct newborn screen metabolic patterns among newborns affected by maternal hypertensive disorders or diabetes in utero. METHODS: A retrospective observational study investigating distinct newborn screen metabolites in conjunction with data linked to birth and hospitalization records in the state of California between 2005 and 2010. RESULTS: A total of 41,333 maternal-infant dyads were included. Infants of diabetic mothers demonstrated associations with short-chain acylcarnitines and free carnitine. Infants born to mothers with preeclampsia with severe features and chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia had alterations in acetylcarnitine, free carnitine, and ornithine levels. These results were further accentuated by size for gestational age designations. CONCLUSIONS: Infants of diabetic mothers demonstrate metabolic signs of incomplete beta oxidation and altered lipid metabolism. Infants of mothers with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy carry analyte signals that may reflect oxidative stress via altered nitric oxide signaling. The newborn screen analyte composition is influenced by the presence of these maternal conditions and is further associated with the newborn size designation at birth. IMPACT: Substantial differences in newborn screen analyte profiles were present based on the presence or absence of maternal diabetes or hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and this finding was further influenced by the newborn size designation at birth. The metabolic health of the newborn can be examined using the newborn screen and is heavily impacted by the condition of the mother during pregnancy. Utilizing the newborn screen to identify newborns affected by common conditions of pregnancy may help relate an infant's underlying biological disposition with their clinical phenotype allowing for greater risk stratification and intervention.
[Upper extremity gangrene in an infant of a diabetic mother, presenting at birth].; In utero gangrene of an extremity because of an arterial thrombosis is rare. More than 20% of the reported cases concern infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) with poor control of diabetes. Changes in coagulation related to deviation of clotting factors and low plasminogen activity may be the cause. We report a case of an IDM who presented at birth with upper extremity gangrene. The Dopplersonography has shown missing pulsations and thrombosis of a. brachialis sin, which was confirmed after amputation of the arm on the 5th day. The postoperative period was complicated by septicaemia, necrotising enterocolitis and disseminated intravasal coagulation resulting in the baby's death 10 days after birth.
Hemimegalencephaly associated with somatic hemihypertrophy and a malformation of the feet: case report.; Hemimegalencephaly (HME) is a rare neuronal migration anomaly, rarely associated with hemihypertrophy or some other somatic malformation; it can coexist with intracranial arteriovenous shunts which cause cardiac failure. We report a rare case associated with hemihypertrophy of the face, trunk and limbs and malformation of the feet. The neuroradiological findings are underlined and the differential diagnoses discussed.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with previous gestational hypertension: A cohort study to guide counselling and management.; OBJECTIVES: In pregnant women with previous gestational hypertension: to compare the prevalence of preeclampsia as defined by the 2001 versus the 2014 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy (ISSHP) criteria, to determine the rates of fetal growth restriction (FGR) as defined, not only by birthweight centile, but in combination with fetal ultrasound studies and, finally, to determine rates of other related outcomes such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and obstetric cholestasis (OC). STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective observational study based at the Antenatal Hypertension Clinic, Kings College Hospital, London. Routinely collected data of 773 women booked between 2011 and 2016 with a history of gestational hypertension was analysed. All women were normotensive at booking and those with chronic hypertension were excluded. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (ISSHP-2014), FGR, GDM. RESULTS: Forty-nine percent developed one or more pregnancy complications, of which 72% were hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 25.8% preeclampsia, 25% GDM and 19% FGR. Overall recurrence rate of preeclampsia was 12.5% (ISSHP-2014). Higher blood pressure and body mass index at booking were associated with higher risk of preeclampsia and GDM. Earlier gestation of previous hypertension was associated with higher risk of preeclampsia and FGR. The ISSHP-2014 compared to the 2001 guidelines classified 56% more women as having preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women with a history of gestational hypertension have a 49% chance of developing a complication related to a hypertensive disorder, GDM and OC. The rate of preeclampsia was more than doubled if the updated ISSHP-2014 definition was used.
Atrioventricular septal defects: possible etiologic differences between complete and partial defects.; BACKGROUND: Recent advances in clinical, pathological, and genetic aspects of atrioventricular septal defects (AVSD) have set the stage for epidemiologic investigations into possible risk factors. Previous analyses of the total case group of AVSD included complete and partial subtypes without analysis of the subsets. METHODS: To address the question of possible morphogenetic heterogeneity of AVSD, the Baltimore-Washington Infant Study data on live-born cases and controls (1981-1989) was reanalyzed for potential environmental and genetic risk-factor associations in complete AVSD (n = 213), with separate comparisons to the atrial (n = 75) and the ventricular (n = 32) forms of partial AVSD. RESULTS: Complete and ventricular forms of AVSD had a similar proportion of isolated cases (12.2% and 15.6%, respectively, without associated extracardiac anomalies) and high rates of Down syndrome, whereas the atrial form of partial AVSD included 55% isolated cases. Trisomy 18 occurred in 22% of infants with the ventricular form, compared with <2% in the other AVSD groups. Analysis of potential risk factors revealed further distinctions. Complete AVSD as an isolated cardiac defect was strongly associated with maternal diabetes (odds ratio [OR] = 20.6; 95% confidence interval [CI] =5.6-76.4) and also with antitussive use (OR = 8.8; CI = 1.2-48.2); there were no strong associations other than maternal age among Down syndrome infants with this type of heart defect. Isolated cases with the atrial type of partial AVSD were associated with a family history of heart defects (OR = 6.2; CI = 1.4-24.4) and with paternal occupational exposures to ionizing radiation (OR = 5.1; CI = 1.4-27.4), but no risk factors were associated with Down syndrome. There were no significant associations of any risk factors in the numerically small subsets of isolated and Down syndrome cases with the ventricular form of partial AVSD. CONCLUSIONS: These results indicate a similar risk profile of complete AVSD and the ventricular type of partial AVSD, with a possible subset of the latter due to trisomy 18. Maternal diabetes constituted a potentially preventable risk factor for the most severe, complete form of AVSD.
Metabolic control and serum hormone levels in relation to retinopathy in diabetic pregnancy.; The occurrence and progression of retinopathy were related to the mean blood glucose levels and the serum concentrations of prolactin, human placental lactogen, oestradiol and progesterone in 57 pregnant insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Fifteen patients had frank retinopathy, of whom eight showed a marked increase in retinopathy. The initial blood glucose levels were significantly higher in patients whose retinopathy progressed, whereas during the second and third trimester similar blood glucose levels were achieved in all groups. Serum concentrations of progesterone and human placental lactogen were significantly increased in diabetic patients during the last trimester when compared with those in normal pregnancies, and during the second trimester, patients with retinopathy showed significantly higher concentrations than those without, but no significant difference was found in oestradiol values. The eight patients with progressive retinopathy showed progesterone, human placental lactogen and oestradiol levels at or above the upper limit of the normal range. Throughout gestation, serum prolactin concentrations were significantly lower in diabetic patients than in healthy subjects. No correlation was found between serum prolactin values and the occurrence of retinopathy.
National registry-based case-control study: comorbidity and stroke in young adults.; OBJECTIVES: Stroke is overrepresented in cohorts of young adults with chronic diseases. The prevalence and impact of comorbidity among young stroke patients have not been compared with individuals without stroke. Our aim was to investigate the association between comorbidity and stroke in young adults. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A nationwide cohort of patients (aged 15-44 years), registered in the Swedish Stroke Register, (Riksstroke) 2001-2009, was identified. Age- and sex-matched controls were randomly selected from the Population Register of Sweden. Discharge diagnoses were retrieved from the National Patient Register and grouped by chapter in the International Classification of Diseases 10th revision. Associations between ICD-10 chapters and stroke were stratified (age, sex, and stroke type) and analyzed by multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: In 2599 stroke patients analyzed, the prevalence of vascular risk factors (hypertension 25.3%, dyslipidemia 13.0%, diabetes 9.7%, heart failure 3.2%, and atrial fibrillation 2.8%), all ICD-10 chapters (except pregnancy) and prestroke hospitalizations were more frequent among cases than controls. Independent associations were found between stroke and eight ICD-10 chapters: neoplasms (odds ratios (OR) 1.53, 95% CI 1.15-2.05), blood (OR 1.61, 1.11-2.34), endocrine (OR 2.28, 1.77-2.93), psychiatric (OR 1.50, 1.24-1.81), nervous (OR 1.91, 1.46-2.50), eye (OR 1.67, 1.05-2.64), circulatory (OR 3.05, 2.45-3.80), and symptoms (OR 1.31, 1.13-1.52). The risk of stroke increased by 26% per ICD-10 chapter diagnosed. CONCLUSIONS: In addition to vascular risk factors, comorbidity (represented by ICD-10 chapters) was associated with increased risk of stroke in young individuals. The risk of stroke was further increased with the number of diagnosed ICD-10 chapters.
Prevalence and risk factors of microalbuminuria in a cohort of African-American women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To study the prevalence of microalbuminuria (MA) in African-American women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) who are at high risk for insulin resistance and renal dysfunction and to study MA's relation to insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: MA was assessed using 24-h, timed, and/or random urine samples in a cross-sectional sample (n = 289) from a cohort of African-American women with a history of GDM and followed for a median of 11 years (range 3.0-18.4) since their diabetic pregnancy. Subjects with a urine albumin excretion rate of 30-300 g/24 h or 30-300 microg/mg creatinine in a random sample were classified as having MA if two of three samples over a 3- to 6-month period were positive. These women were evaluated for family history of diabetes, smoking and alcohol use, BMI, diabetes, hypertension, and lipid abnormalities. Insulin sensitivity was determined using the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) estimates, which used fasting insulin and glucose measurements obtained at the same time as the MA urine sample. RESULTS: At MA assessment, the women ranged in age from 22 to 57 years, with a median of 39 years. The overall prevalence of MA was 20%; 36% in those with diabetes. Those women with MA had higher rates of diabetes (63.8 vs. 28.6%, odds ratio [OR] = 4.4, P < 0.05), hypertension (82.8 vs. 42.9%, OR = 6.4, P < 0.05), and family history of diabetes (85.7 vs. 61.7%, OR = 3.7, P < 0.05). The proportion of subjects with MA with a family history of hypertension was nonsignificantly increased (92.9 vs. 82.4%). Subjects with MA were more obese (BMI 37.2 +/- 8.9 vs. 34.4 +/- 8.6 kg/m(2)) and had higher levels of HbA(1c) (8.8 +/- 3.3 vs. 6.6 +/- 1.8%, P < 0.001) and systolic (144.3 +/- 25.9 vs. 122.8 +/- 17.2 mmHg, P < 0.0001) and diastolic (95.1 +/- 15.4 vs. 82.5 +/- 11.9 mmHg, P < 0.0001) blood pressures. Lipid fractions were similar in those with and without MA. Although fasting glucose was much higher in subjects with MA (10.3 +/- 5.8 vs. 7.1 +/- 4.2 mmol/l, P = 0.0002), insulin levels were not significantly higher in subjects with MA (17.4 +/- 21.2 vs. 15.2 +/- 12.4 pmol/l). Insulin sensitivity, as measured using log HOMA, was similar (1.5 +/- 0.6 vs. 1.6 +/- 0.6) in women with and without MA, respectively. Multivariable logistic regression analyses indicated that HbA(1c), OR = 1.16 (1.07, 1.27), and systolic blood pressure, OR = 1.27 (1.14, 1.41), were independent risk factors for MA. In those with diabetes, the subjects with MA had higher rates of hypertension-83.8 vs. 56.1%, OR = 4.1 (1.5, 11.10)-which was reflected by their higher systolic and diastolic blood pressures, 146.1 mmHg (P = 0.001) and 94.8 mmHg (P = 0.002), respectively, and lower levels of VLDL (0.45 +/- 0.22 vs. 0.61 +/- 0.33 mmol/l, P = 0.021). In the multivariable analyses of those with diabetes, the two independent risk factors for MA were similar: HbA(1c), OR = 1.13 (1.01, 1.28), and systolic blood pressure, OR = 1.21 (1.04, 1.41). CONCLUSIONS: African-American women with a history of GDM have one of the highest rates for MA. Presence of MA was not associated with insulin resistance but was significantly independently associated with HbA(1c) levels and hypertension. These results, taken in context of the literature, suggest that hypertension and glucose intolerance, in part, influence MA through different mechanisms. Because of the high prevalence of MA in this population and MA's relation to all-cause and cardiovascular mortality, screening for MA should be considered.
[Laser therapy of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy].; During the regular follow-up of risk pregnancies in the Central Bohemian region, concentrated at the First Obstetric Clinic in Prague, the authors detected 34 women with retinopathies. In nine they performed panretinal photocoagulation by means of an argon laser and recorded favourable results. The authors consider early laser therapy of retinopathies in pregnant diabetics useful and essential. Advanced forms of diabetic retinopathy in pregnant women still remain a contraindication of pregnancy. Pregnancy in diabetic women is always a risk and it would be a mistake not to take this fact into account.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy.; Pregnancy in a diabetic woman brings about many changes that can lead to the development of diabetic retinopathy (DR) or worsening of pre-existing disease. In some patients this may develop into sight threatening disease which, if not treated adequately, can cause devastating visual impairment. There is a lack of established guidelines for screening these patients during pregnancy. In this article we discuss the physiological changes during pregnancy that contribute to worsening of diabetic retinopathy and review the relative contribution of risk factors to the underlying pathological processes. It is important to identify and treat any pre-existing retinopathy in diabetic women considering pregnancy and optimise glycaemic control prior to conception. Rapid tightening of glycaemic control after conception is associated with a less favourable outcome. Based on the existing literature we suggest guidelines for diabetic retinopathy screening for women during pregnancy. Established sight-threatening retinopathy should be treated at an earlier stage in pregnant women compared to non-pregnant diabetics with a similar disease.
[Pregnancy in women with diabetes complicated by nephropathy and proliferative retinopathy].; Nephropathy and proliferative retinopathy are widely known as the most serious complications of diabetes. In the paper the analysis of the course of pregnancy, labour and neonatal complications among mothers with White class F, R, FR and T was made. The study group consisted of 44 patients. Primary hypertension was observed in 17 (38.6%) patients. The percentage of complications both maternal and neonatal was very high. Among maternal complications were pregnancy induced hypertension (43.2%), urinary tract infections (36%), anaemia (22.7%), threatened preterm labor (13.6%). Nearly 50% of patients has diurnal proteinuria in nearly 50% of patients exceed 3 g. In the opinion of the authors there is a strong need to establish the national supraregional centers designed specially to deal with the problems of pregnant women with diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy.
Intrapartum considerations in prenatal care.; The epidemic of obesity continues to grow undaunted, promising to affect the lives of more women of childbearing age. The challenges facing those charged with obstetrical care of the obese may require variation in care from forethought and planning, to consultation or referral for care at specialized centers. The routine management of late pregnancy must take into account the increase in risk for late fetal loss, failed induction and trial of labor after cesarean delivery, and postcesarean complications, such as wound-related morbidity and venous thromboembolism. Awareness of prolonged labor curves and the risk of shoulder dystocia must also be part of the management of labor. The data regarding many interventions attempted on behalf of these at risk gravidas are rudimentary but may allow for modifications in care that will positively impact outcomes for mother and child.
Unexpected regulation of miRNA abundance during adaptation of early-somite mouse embryos to diabetic pregnancy.; Maternal diabetes is one of major causes of congenital malformations in offspring, but the underlying mechanism is still unclear. MiRNAs play an important role in transcriptional and post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression. However, no miRNA expression profiling of hyperglycemic offspring are thus far available. Female mice were made diabetic with streptozotocin, treated with slow-release insulin tablets, and mated. MiRNA expression profiling with Next Generation Sequencing on the SOLiD5 platform was performed on 8 control and 5 hyperglycemic embryonic day (ED)8.5 and 9 control and 6 hyperglycemic ED9.5 embryos. Differential expression was analyzed with the Wald test. On ED8.5, the abundance of expressed miRNAs was similar in control and hyperglycemic ED8.5 embryos. The spectrum of expressed miRNAs had not changed in ED9.5 embryos, but the abundance of most miRNAs increased ∼5-fold in control embryos. However, hyperglycemic D9.5 embryos were unable to mount this increase in prevalence. Only 3 miRNAs were differentially expressed in control and hyperglycemic ED9.5 embryos, but their putative target genes were underrepresented in the Jackson database of genes causing cardiovascular or neural malformations.
17beta-Estradiol modulates apoptosis in pancreatic beta-cells by specific involvement of the sulfonylurea receptor (SUR) isoform SUR1.; Apoptosis of pancreatic beta-cells is an important factor in the pathophysiology of diabetes. Previously, we have shown that the "phytoestrogen" resveratrol can induce beta-cell apoptosis dependent on the expression of sulfonylurea receptor (SUR) 1, the regulatory subunit of pancreatic ATP-sensitive K(+) channels. Here, we investigate whether 17beta-estradiol also influences beta-cell apoptosis in a SUR1-dependent manner. Therefore, islets from wild type or SUR1 knock-out mice, clonal beta-cells, or HEK293 cells expressing different SUR forms were treated with 17beta-estradiol or estrone. Different apoptotic parameters were determined and estrogen binding to SUR was analyzed. In murine islets, 17beta-estradiol treatment resulted in significant apoptotic changes, which in their nature (either apoptotic or anti-apoptotic) were dependent on the age of the animal. These effects were not observed in SUR1 knock-out mice. Furthermore, 17beta-estradiol, which specifically binds to SUR, induced enhanced apoptosis in SUR1-expressing HEK293 cells and clonal beta-cells, whereas apoptosis in recombinant cells expressing SUR2A or SUR2B (cardiac or vascular SUR-isoforms) or sham-transfected control cells was significantly lower. The apoptotic potency of 17beta-estradiol was much higher than that of resveratrol or estrone. SUR1-specific 17beta-estradiol-induced apoptosis was either abolished by the mutation M1289T in transmembrane helix 17 of SUR1 or clearly enhanced by two mutations in nucleotide binding fold 2 (R1379C, R1379L). In conclusion, 17beta-estradiol treatment modulates beta-cell apoptosis under specific involvement of SUR1 in an age-dependent manner. 17beta-Estradiol-induced apoptosis can be influenced by certain SUR1 mutations. These findings may contribute to the understanding of pathophysiological changes in beta-cell mass and could, for instance, provide interesting aspects concerning the etiology of gestational diabetes.
The human umbilical vein in normal, hypertensive and diabetic pregnancies: immunomorphological and ultrastructural evidence.; Mother-fetus exchanges at the placental level are found to be altered in women affected by hypertensive or diabetic pregnancies following the onset of microenvironmental, circulatory, trophic or tissue disorders. Our aim was therefore to assess the alterations occurring within the umbilical cord, particularly its venous endothelial component and underlying smooth muscle layer, using transmission (TEM) and scanning electron microscopy (SEM) and immunohistochemical analyses. Immunohistochemical data appear to support the ultrastructural evidence for an activated state of these vascular structures, in both conditions (hypertension and diabetes). Furthermore, mainly during diabetic pregnancies, extracellular matrix molecules such as tenascin and fibronectin also quantitatively increase at the vein wall level. The umbilical cord seems to be a structure capable of responding actively to abnormal microenvironmental conditions which seriously threaten the health of the fetus and also the mother herself.
[Homocysteine--risk factor or risk indicator?].; Since many patients experience cardiovascular events despite the absence of such classical risk factors as hypertension, high blood lipid levels, diabetes or smoking, the search for the underlying causes of arteriosclerotic vascular disease is continuing. The data accumulated to date are by no means unequivocal. Although the intake of vitamin B6, B12 and folic acid is associated with a decrease in the homocysteine level, more recent studies have failed to detect any significant reduction in the cardiovascular risk of these patients. Consequently, screening for homocysteine would not appear to make good sense at the present time.
Association Between Maternal Factors and Risk of Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to summarize the evidence describing the relationship between maternal factors during gestation and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library were searched for potentially relevant reports from inception to May 2021. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) calculated by the random-effects model were used to evaluate the association between maternal factors and CHD risk. RESULTS: There was a significant association between CHD risk and obesity in pregnancy (OR 1.29, 95% CI 1.22-1.37; P < 0.001), smoking in pregnancy (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.07-1.25; P < 0.001), maternal diabetes (OR 2.65, 95% CI 2.20-3.19; P < 0.001), and exposure of pregnant women to organic solvents (OR 1.82, 95% CI 1.23-2.70; P = 0.003). No correlations were revealed between CHD susceptibility and advanced maternal age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.96-1.12; P = 0.328), underweight (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96-1.08; P = 0.519), alcohol intake in pregnancy (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.95-1.22; P = 0.251), coffee intake (OR 1.18, 95% CI 0.97-1.44; P = 0.105), and exposure to irradiation (OR 1.80, 95% CI 0.85-3.80; P = 0.125). DISCUSSION: Maternal factors including maternal obesity, smoking in pregnancy, maternal diabetes and exposure to organic solvents might predispose the offspring to CHD risk.
All-Cause and Cause-Specific Mortality After Hypertensive Disease of Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether women with a history of hypertensive disease of pregnancy have increased risk for early adult mortality. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, women with one or more singleton pregnancies (1939-2012) with birth certificate information in the Utah Population Database were included. Diagnoses were categorized into gestational hypertension; preeclampsia; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome; and eclampsia. Women with more than one pregnancy with hypertensive disease (exposed) were included only once, assigned to the most severe category. Exposed women were matched one to two to unexposed women by age, year of childbirth, and parity at the time of the index pregnancy. The causes of death were ascertained using Utah death certificates and the fact of death was supplemented with the Social Security Death Index. Hazard ratios for cause-specific mortality among exposed women compared with unexposed women were estimated using Cox regressions adjusting for neonatal sex, parental education, preterm delivery, race-ethnicity, and maternal marital status. RESULTS: A total of 60,580 exposed women were matched to 123,140 unexposed women; 4,520 (7.46%) exposed and 6,776 (5.50%) unexposed women had died by 2012. All-cause mortality was significantly higher among women with hypertensive disease of pregnancy (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.65, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.57-1.73). Exposed women's greatest excess mortality risks were from Alzheimer disease (adjusted HR 3.44, 95% CI 1.00-11.82), diabetes (adjusted HR 2.80, 95% CI 2.20-3.55), ischemic heart disease (adjusted HR 2.23, 95% CI 1.90-2.63), and stroke (adjusted HR 1.88, 95% CI 1.53-2.32). CONCLUSION: Women with hypertensive disease of pregnancy have increased mortality risk, particularly for Alzheimer disease, diabetes, ischemic heart disease, and stroke.
Comparison of visual and computerized interpretation of nonstress test results in a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: This study tested the null hypothesis that the number of fetal surveillance tests and perinatal outcomes would not differ statistically between pregnancies randomized to visual or computerized interpretation of antepartum nonstress test results. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective, randomized controlled trial was conducted, which required a sample size of 404 patients. By using a random-number table with assignment codes concealed in opaque envelopes, half of the patients were randomized to computerized interpretation of nonstress test results and half to standard visual interpretation of nonstress test results. The amount of antepartum testing and the perinatal outcome were measured and compared between the groups. Logistic regression analysis was used to control for maternal risk factors while morbidity differences between the 2 groups were assessed. RESULTS: The 2 randomized groups were similar at baseline, but the computerized interpretation group had significantly fewer biophysical profiles compared with the visual interpretation group (1.3 +/- 1.8 vs 1.9 +/- 2.1; P =.002). The patients in the computerized interpretation group spent less time per test than patients in the visual interpretation group (12 vs 20 minutes; P =.038). After the 5 pregnancies with congenital anomalies were excluded, the overall perinatal outcome was similar in the 2 groups. The computerized interpretation group, however, had a slightly lower proportion of infants who required >/=2 days of neonatal intensive care (7.4% vs 12.4%; P =.086; odds ratio, 0.56; 95% confidence interval, 0.29-1.09). The average number of neonatal intensive care days was also slightly lower in the computerized interpretation group (0.4 vs 0.9; P =.105). Neither of these variables was statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Computerized interpretation of nonstress test results is associated with fewer additional fetal surveillance examinations, less time spent in testing, and a similar length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit compared with standard visual interpretation.
Obesity Before, During, and After Pregnancy: A Review and Comparison of Five National Guidelines.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to compare how national guidelines approach the management of obesity in reproductive age women. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a search for national guidelines in the English language on the topic of obesity surrounding the time of a pregnancy. We identified six primary source documents and several secondary source documents from five countries. Each document was then reviewed to identify: (1) statements acknowledging increased health risks related to obesity and reproductive outcomes, (2) recommendations for the management of obesity before, during, or after pregnancy. RESULTS: All guidelines cited an increased risk for miscarriage, birth defects, gestational diabetes, hypertension, fetal growth abnormalities, cesarean sections, difficulty with anesthesia, postpartum hemorrhage, and obesity in offspring. Counseling on the risks of obesity and weight loss before pregnancy were universal recommendations. There were substantial differences in the recommendations pertaining to gestational weight gain goals, nutrient and vitamin supplements, screening for gestational diabetes, and thromboprophylaxis among the guidelines. CONCLUSION: Stronger evidence from randomized trials is needed to devise consistent recommendations for obese reproductive age women. This research may also assist clinicians in overcoming one of the many obstacles they encounter when providing care to obese women.
Enhanced expression of transforming growth factor-beta isoforms in the neural tube of embryos derived from diabetic mice exposed to cyclophosphamide.; We analyzed the expression pattern of transforming growth factor-beta isoforms (TGF-beta1, TGF-beta2 and TGF-beta3) in the developing brain of embryos derived from the normal and diabetic mice exposed to cyclophosphamide (CP), a cytotoxic teratogen. The CP-treated diabetic embryos showed significantly more TGF-beta1 and TGF-beta2 immunoreactive cells in the regions of telencephalon and diencephalon in comparison to that of CP-treated non-diabetic embryos. Moreover, no cells expressing TGF-beta isoforms were detectable in the developing brain of normal and diabetic embryos. The mRNA expression levels of TGF-beta isoforms were found to be significantly increased in the developing brain of CP-treated diabetic embryos compared to that of CP-treated non-diabetic embryos as measured by quantitative real time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. The enhanced expression levels of TGF-beta isoforms appear to be associated with the increased frequency of neural tube defects observed in the diabetic embryos exposed to CP.
Maternal pre-gravid body mass index and obstetric outcomes in twin gestations.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to evaluate the impact of maternal pre-gravid and/or first trimester overweight and obesity, and the adverse obstetrics outcome in twin pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective study of women who delivered viable twins after 23 weeks of gestation with available prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and/or were at their earliest visit during the first trimester of pregnancy in the period 2007-2011. The patients were divided into four subgroups according to their BMI (underweight, normal weight, overweight and obese) according to the WHO classification and their outcomes were compared. Obstetrical outcomes of interest including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, antepartum hemorrhage, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, method of delivery and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission were all studied and compared. RESULT: Electronic records of 1228 pregnant subjects who delivered twins were abstracted. Five hundred and four patients with twin gestations with available BMI were identified (underweight BMI<18.5% (n=22), normal weight BMI 18.5-24.9% (n=260), overweight 25-29.9% (n=114) and obese ⩾30% (n=108)). Obstetric complications occurred more often in the overweight and obese groups as compared with the normal weight group. There was an increased risk of gestational diabetes in overweight and obese women (odds ratio (OR), 3.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.52-7.3; P=0.001) and (OR, 3.2; 95% CI, 1.41-7.1; P=0.002), respectively. There was an increased risk of gestational hypertension in the obese group compared with the normal weight group (OR, 2.29; 95% CI, 1.1-4.7; P=0.02) but not in the overweight group (OR, 1.71; 95% CI, 0.8-3.6; P=0.1). In addition, an increased risk of very preterm delivery (<32 weeks) in the overweight group and obese groups was seen when compared with the normal weight group (OR, 2.2; 95% CI, 1.18-4.20; P=0.014 and OR, 2; 95% CI, 1.024-3.91; P=0.04, respectively). Increased rate of cesarean section in the obese group was seen when compared with the normal weight group (OR, 2; 95% CI, 1.2-3.4; P=0.006). Risks of antepartum hemorrhage, intrahepatic cholestasis and NICU admission were similar between the groups. CONCLUSION: In addition to the known obstetrics complications associated with twin gestations, the pregnancy outcomes in twins are further adversely influenced by increased maternal prepregnancy BMI.
Analysis of fetal heart rate in healthy and pathological pregnancies using wavelet-based features.; In this paper, a new approach for feature extraction from the Fetal Heart Rate (FHR) signal is introduced. It considers the use of Continuous Wavelet Transform to extract wavelet-based features of FHR signal in order to discriminate the normal from the abnormal cases. The proposed methodology is tested on real data acquired before the beginning or during labor. The results proved the viability of the approach and its potential for further application.
Circulating microRNAs overexpressed in macrosomia: an experimental and bioinformatic approach.; Low birth weight (LBW) and macrosomia have been associated with later-in-life metabolic alterations. The aim of this study was to elucidate whether the expression levels of circulating microRNAs (c-miRNAs) associated with adult metabolic diseases are also dysregulated in newborns with LBW or macrosomia. The expression levels of five microRNAs (miRNAs) associated with metabolic diseases were quantified in dried blood spots of newborns with adequate birth weight, LBW and macrosomia by stem-loop real-time polymerase chain reaction. miR-29a-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-221-3p, and miR-486-5p were significantly overexpressed in newborns with macrosomia and showed no significant change in the LBW group compared to normal weight controls. miR-320a showed no statistical difference among groups. We predicted the putative target genes and pathways of the overexpressed miRNAs with bioinformatic tools. Bioinformatic analyses of overexpressed miRNAs predicted target genes involved in carbohydrate metabolism, participate in FoxO and PI3K/Akt signaling pathways, and are associated with diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. The overexpression of circulating miR-29a-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-221-3p, and miR-486-5p may explain the increased risk of obesity and diabetes associated with macrosomia. The use of dried blood spots from newborn screening cards to quantify miRNAs expression levels could be an early and minimally invasive predictive tool for these metabolic alterations.
Diet quality before or during pregnancy and the relationship with pregnancy and birth outcomes: the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether diet quality before or during pregnancy predicts adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes in a sample of Australian women. DESIGN: The Dietary Questionnaire for Epidemiological Studies was used to calculate diet quality using the Australian Recommended Food Score (ARFS) methodology modified for pregnancy. SETTING: A population-based cohort participating in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH). SUBJECTS: A national sample of Australian women, aged 20-25 and 31-36 years, who were classified as preconception or pregnant when completing Survey 3 or Survey 5 of the ALSWH, respectively. The 1907 women with biologically plausible energy intake estimates were included in regression analyses of associations between preconception and pregnancy ARFS and subsequent pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: Preconception and pregnancy groups were combined as no significant differences were detected for total and component ARFS. Women with gestational hypertension, compared with those without, had lower scores for total ARFS, vegetable, fruit, grain and nuts/bean/soya components. Women with gestational diabetes had a higher score for the vegetable component only, and women who had a low-birth-weight infant had lower scores for total ARFS and the grain component, compared with those who did not report these outcomes. Women with the highest ARFS had the lowest odds of developing gestational hypertension (OR=0·4; 95 % CI 0·2, 0·7) or delivering a child of low birth weight (OR=0·4; 95 % CI 0·2, 0·9), which remained significant for gestational hypertension after adjustment for potential confounders. CONCLUSIONS: A high-quality diet before and during pregnancy may reduce the risk of gestational hypertension for the mother.
The generalizability of trial data; a comparison of beta-blocker trial participants with a prospective cohort of women taking beta-blockers in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the generalizability of randomized controlled trial (RCT) data to obstetric practice, using the example of beta-blocker therapy. STUDY DESIGN: Descriptive comparison of characteristics of participants, interventions, and outcomes assessed between a meta-analysis of trials of beta-blocker therapy in pregnancy, and a prospective cohort of beta-blocker exposed callers to Motherisk, a Teratology Information Service. RESULTS: 72 women (cohort) and 34 trials with 2474 participants (meta-analysis) were compared. The generalizability of trials was limited by an inadequate description of maternal demographics and indications for beta-blockers, and a focus on the effectiveness of beta-blockers as antihypertensives rather than on reproductive risks. CONCLUSIONS: Some of these limitations could be rectified. Others cannot, such as evaluation of teratogenicity (for ethical reasons) or all indications for a drug (for practical reasons). Reference to observational literature is, and will likely remain, necessary to address the 'harm' side of the therapeutic equation in pregnancy.
Origins in the Womb: Potential Role of the Physical Therapist in Modulating the Deleterious Effects of Obesity on Maternal and Offspring Health Through Movement Promotion and Prescription During Pregnancy.; Maternal obesity and associated metabolic disease contribute to adverse outcomes in women and their offspring, and many of these outcomes have significant acute and chronic implications for both mother and neonate. Targeted movement (ie, physical activity or exercise training) during pregnancy has been shown to be safe and effective for improving many of these outcomes in women at a healthy weight and women who are obese. However, movement prescription and advice during pregnancy are often not addressed by health care providers; this situation creates a unique opportunity for physical therapists to use their expertise in movement with patients who are pregnant. The objective of this article is to briefly review the adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity, the benefits of intentional maternal movement during pregnancy for women who are obese, the evidence-based guidelines for prescribing intentional movement during pregnancy for women who are obese, and the potential for physical therapists to become the driving force behind a necessary increase in movement levels in women who are pregnant. Physical therapists can play a significant role in encouraging movement in women who are healthy and women who have metabolic challenges during pregnancy and thus assist in combating the vicious cycle of obesity by improving maternal and offspring health.
The prevention and treatment of five complications of diabetes: a guide for primary care physicians. National Diabetes Advisory Board.; In February 1983, the National Diabetes Advisory Board released for publication A Guide for Primary Care Physicians. The Board believes that all health professionals involved in the care of persons with diabetes should be familiar with the specific recommendations in the Guide. This summary is intended to familiarize diabetes health professionals with the general content and availability of the Guide before its wide dissemination among primary care practitioners. The summary highlights key recommendations for prevention, treatment, and education related to the five complications.
Obstetric antecedents to body-cooling treatment of the newborn infant.; OBJECTIVE: Obstetric antecedents were analyzed in births in which the infant received whole-body cooling for neonatal encephalopathy. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study included all live-born singleton infants delivered at or beyond 36 weeks' gestation from October 2005 through December 2011. Infants who had received whole-body cooling identified by review of a prospective neonatal registry were compared with a control group comprising the remaining obstetric population delivered at greater than 36 weeks but not cooled. Univariable analysis was followed up by a staged, stepwise selection of variables with the intent to rank significant risk factors for cooling. RESULTS: A total of 86,371 women delivered during the study period and 98 infants received whole-body cooling (1.1 per 1000 live births). Of these 98 infants, 80 newborns (88%) had moderate encephalopathy and 10 (12%) had severe encephalopathy prior to cooling. Maternal age of 15 years or younger, low parity, maternal body habitus (body mass index of ≥40 kg/m(2)), diabetes, preeclampsia, induction, epidural analgesia, chorioamnionitis, length of labor, and mode of delivery were associated with significantly increased risk of infant cooling during a univariable analysis. Catastrophic events to include umbilical cord prolapse (odds ratio [OR], 14; 95% confidence interval [CI], 3-72), placental abruption (OR, 17; 95% CI, 7-44), uterine rupture (OR, 130; 95% CI, 11-1477) were the strongest factors associated with infant cooling after staged-stepwise logistic analysis. CONCLUSION: A variety of intrapartum characteristics were associated with infant cooling for neonatal encephalopathy, with the most powerful antecedents being umbilical cord prolapse, placental abruption, and uterine rupture.
Absolute first trimester cell-free DNA levels and their associations with adverse pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To study associations of first trimester cell-free fetal DNA levels (in this paper referred to as cell-free placental DNA (cfpDNA) levels) and preeclampsia (PE), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes (GDM) and spontaneous preterm birth (sPB). METHOD: A nested case-control study was conducted in first trimester samples (gestational age 8(+0) -13(+6)  weeks). A total of 226 cases and 301 controls were included. CfpDNA levels were quantified in male-bearing pregnancies using real-time DYS14-PCRs on DNA isolated from maternal serum. CfpDNA multiples of the median (MoMs) were calculated based on associations with patient characteristics (body mass index, parity, ethnicity and smoking). Associations between MoMs and adverse outcomes were studied. RESULTS: Cell-free placental DNA levels were negatively associated with body mass index (β = -0.297, p < 0.001) and smoking (β = -0.163, p = 0.006). MoMs were lower in women who later developed PIH (n = 84, p = 0.009) or GDM (n = 56, p = 0.037). There was no association between cfpDNA MoMs and PE (n = 37, p = 0.15) or sPB (n = 49, p = 0.19). CfpDNA was positively correlated with pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (r = 0.426, p < 0.001) but not with placental growth factor (r = 0.059, p = 0.179). CONCLUSION: Adjusted first trimester cfpDNA levels are associated with PIH and GDM but probably not with PE or sPB. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Preterm delivery and risk of subsequent cardiovascular morbidity and type-II diabetes in the mother.; OBJECTIVE: Preterm delivery has been shown to be associated with subsequent maternal cardiovascular morbidity. However, the impact of the severity and recurrence of preterm delivery on the risk of specific cardiovascular events and the metabolic syndrome in the mother, have not been investigated. DESIGN: National registry-based retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Women delivering in Denmark from 1978 to 2007. POPULATION: Women with a first singleton delivery (n = 782 287), and with a first and second singleton delivery (n = 536 419). METHODS: Cox proportional hazard models, with the gestational age stratified into four groups as primary exposure. We made adjustments for maternal age, year of delivery, hypertensive pregnancy disorders, fetal growth deviation, placental abruption and stillbirth. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Subsequent maternal hypertension, ischaemic heart diseases, thromboembolism and type-II diabetes. RESULTS: After a first delivery at 32-36 completed weeks of gestation, the adjusted risk of subsequent type-II diabetes increased 1.89-fold (1.69-2.10) and the risk of thromboembolism increased 1.42-fold (1.24-1.62). Women having a preterm delivery in the first pregnancy and a term delivery in the second had a 1.58-fold (1.34-1.86) increased risk of type-II diabetes and a 1.18-fold (0.96-1.44) increased risk of thromboembolism. Women having two preterm deliveries had a 2.30-fold (1.71-3.10) increased risk of type-II diabetes and a 1.80-fold (1.29-2.50) increased risk of thromboembolism. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm delivery is independent of other pregnancy complications associated with subsequent maternal overt type-II diabetes and thromboembolism. The recurrence of preterm delivery will augment these risks.
Predominantly night-time feeding and maternal glycaemic levels during pregnancy.; Little is known about the influence of meal timing and energy consumption patterns throughout the day on glucose regulation during pregnancy. We examined the association of maternal feeding patterns with glycaemic levels among lean and overweight pregnant women. In a prospective cohort study in Singapore, maternal 24-h dietary recalls, fasting glucose (FG) and 2-h postprandial glucose (2HPPG) concentrations were measured at 26-28 weeks of gestation. Women (n 985) were classified into lean (BMI<23 kg/m2) or overweight (BMI≥23 kg/m2) groups. They were further categorised as predominantly daytime (pDT) or predominantly night-time (pNT) feeders according to consumption of greater proportion of energy content from 07.00 to 18.59 hours or from 19.00 to 06.59 hours, respectively. On stratification by weight status, lean pNT feeders were found to have higher FG than lean pDT feeders (4·36 (sd 0·38) v. 4·22 (sd 0·35) mmol/l; P=0·002); however, such differences were not observed between overweight pDT and pNT feeders (4·49 (sd 0·60) v. 4·46 (sd 0·45) mmol/l; P=0·717). Using multiple linear regression with confounder adjustment, pNT feeding was associated with higher FG in the lean group (β=0·16 mmol/l; 95 % CI 0·05, 0·26; P=0·003) but not in the overweight group (β=0·02 mmol/l; 95 % CI -0·17, 0·20; P=0·879). No significant association was found between maternal feeding pattern and 2HPPG in both the lean and the overweight groups. In conclusion, pNT feeding was associated with higher FG concentration in lean but not in overweight pregnant women, suggesting that there may be an adiposity-dependent effect of maternal feeding patterns on glucose tolerance during pregnancy.
Prepregnancy body mass index and risk of preterm birth: association heterogeneity by preterm subgroups.; BACKGROUND: To evaluate the association between prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) is associated with early vs. late and medically-induced vs. spontaneous preterm birth (PTB) subtypes. METHODS: Using data from the Boston Birth Cohort, we examined associations of prepregnancy BMI with 189 early (<34 completed weeks) and 277 late (34-36 completed weeks) medically-induced PTBs and 320 early and 610 late spontaneous PTBs vs. 3281 term births (37-44 weeks) in multinomial regression. To assess for mediation by important pregnancy complications, we performed sequential models with and without hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, chorioamnionitis, and gestational diabetes. RESULTS: Prevalence of prepregnancy obesity (BMI ≥ 30.0 kg/m2) was 28% among mothers with medically-induced PTBs, 18% among mothers with spontaneous PTBs, and 18% among mothers with term births (p = <0.001). After adjustment for demographic and known risk factors for PTB, prepregnancy obesity was associated with higher odds of both early [OR 1.78 (1.19, 2.66)] and late [OR 1.49 (1.09, 2.04)] medically-induced PTB. These effect estimates were attenuated with inclusion of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes. For spontaneous deliveries, prepregnancy obesity was associated with decreased odds of PTB (0.76 [0.58, 0.98]) and underweight was nearly associated with increased odds of PTB (1.46 [0.99, 2.16]). CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy obesity is associated with higher risk of medically-induced, but not spontaneous PTB. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes appear to partially explain the association between prepregnancy obesity and early and late medically-induced PTB.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of chronic kidney disease in women: national cohort and co-sibling study.; BACKGROUND: Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes may have higher subsequent risk of chronic kidney disease, but the long-term independent risks and potential causality are unclear. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine long-term risks of chronic kidney disease associated with 5 major adverse pregnancy outcomes in a large population-based cohort, and to assess for familial confounding using co-sibling analyses. STUDY DESIGN: A national cohort study was conducted of all 2,201,279 women with a singleton delivery in Sweden from 1973 to 2015, followed up for chronic kidney disease identified from nationwide diagnoses through 2018. Cox regression was used to compute hazard ratios for chronic kidney disease associated with preterm delivery, small for gestational age, preeclampsia, other hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes, adjusting for other adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal factors. Co-sibling analyses assessed for potential confounding by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. RESULTS: In 56 million person-years of follow-up, 11,572 (0.5%) women were diagnosed with chronic kidney disease (median age, 61 years). All 5 adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased chronic kidney disease risk. Within 10 years following delivery, adjusted hazard ratios associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were: 7.12 for other hypertensive disorders (95% confidence interval, 5.88-8.62), 4.38 for preeclampsia (3.72-5.16), 3.50 for preterm delivery (2.95-4.15), 3.15 for gestational diabetes (2.53-3.92), and 1.22 for small for gestational age (1.02-1.44). All hazard ratios remained significantly elevated even 30 to 46 years after delivery (gestational diabetes, 3.32 [95% confidence interval, 2.96-3.72]; other hypertensive disorders, 2.44 [1.91-3.11]; preeclampsia, 2.03 [1.90-2.16]; preterm delivery, 1.56 [1.44-1.68]; and small for gestational age, 1.24 [1.16-1.31]). These findings were only partially (0%-45%) explained by shared familial factors. Women with multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes had further increases in risk. CONCLUSION: In this large national cohort, women who experienced any of 5 major adverse pregnancy outcomes had increased risk for chronic kidney disease up to 46 years later. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes need early preventive actions and long-term monitoring to reduce risk of chronic kidney disease.
Changes in maternal plasma levels of VEGF, bFGF, TGF-beta1, ET-1 and sKL during uncomplicated pregnancy, hypertensive pregnancy and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), transforming growth factor-beta1 (TGF-beta1), endothelin-1 (ET-1) and soluble c-kit ligand (sKL) are cytokines involved in embryogenesis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Maternal plasma cytokines were measured with ELISA during the three trimesters of gestation and on the day of delivery in 93 pregnant women and 18 age-matched non-pregnant control women. RESULTS: The VEGF and bFGF levels increased during the first trimester and declined thereafter, but they remained above the controls' values until delivery. The TGF-beta1 levels increased during the first trimester and remained unchanged thereafter. On the contrary, the ET-1 levels decreased and remained low until delivery. VEGF, bFGF, TGF-beta1 and ET-1 were increased in hypertensive pregnancy. Except for ET-1, these cytokines were also increased in gestational diabetes. No changes in plasma sKL were documented. CONCLUSION: All the aforementioned cytokines play a role in uncomplicated pregnancy, whereas hypertensive pregnancy is causatively-related with increased ET-1.
Prolonged QT dispersion in the infants of diabetic mothers.; Myocardial hypertrophy and cardiac dysfunction frequently occur in newborns of diabetic mothers. The authors hypothesized that wall hypertrophy or disproportionate left ventricular wall thickness in newborns of diabetic mothers may affect both QT and QTc dispersion. This study aimed to assess whether left ventricular hypertrophy affects the QT variables of infants born to diabetic mothers. This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted with 47 consecutively selected neonates of gestational diabetic mothers and 30 healthy neonates born to healthy mothers. All the subjects were evaluated during the neonatal period. Electrocardiography with echocardiography was performed for the patients and the control subjects. The newborns of the diabetic mothers were classified according to septal thickness as group 1 (16 newborns with septal hypertrophy) or group 2 (31 newborns without septal hypertrophy). The study group consisted of three cohorts: groups 1, 2, and 3 (control group). Both QT and QTc dispersion were computed from a randomly selected beat as well as from an average beat derived from 12 beats included in a 10-s electrocardiography. A total of 16 infants (34%) had a septal thickness of 6 mm or greater. The left ventricular end-systolic diameter in group 1 was smaller (p = 0.0029) than in groups 2 and 3 (p = 0.003). The interventricular septal thickness at end diastole (IVSTd) and the left ventricular posterior wall thickness at end diastole in group 1 were higher than in of groups 2 and 3. The QT and QTc dispersion intervals were longer in group 1 than in groups 2 and 3 (p < 0.001), and a highly significant positive correlation was detected between IVSTd and QT dispersion (r = 0.514, p = 0.042). Elevated QT and QTc dispersions may be risk factors for the development of arrhythmias in newborns of diabetic mothers. These patients may critically need systematic cardiac screening.
Diabetes mellitus: its impact on women.; Diabetes mellitus is a serious chronic illness. It affects approximately 16 million people in the United States, half of whom are undiagnosed. The prevalence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes is higher in women than in men, and more women die each year from diabetes than from breast cancer. Its complications, retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy and cardiovascular disease, exact a heavy toll on the individual with diabetes, as well as society. Because of its significant morbidity and mortality in women, diabetes deserves a place in the concerns designated "women's health issues." It deserves more research attention and especially more public awareness, since many of its devastating complications can be prevented by improved detection and control. This review examines the available data concerning the impact of diabetes on women, as well as gender differences in the incidence of diabetes and its complications. It will also discuss life cycle issues which are specific to women.
Female-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease: an update.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. While it was previously believed that men have greater susceptibility to CVD, recent research suggests that women face an increased risk of CVD after the onset of menopause, primarily due to the loss of the protective effects of estrogens. Premature ovarian insufficiency (POI), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and gestational factors, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), recurrent pregnancy loss, preterm delivery, and preeclampsia, are specific reproductive disorders that may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD at earlier ages, i.e., before the onset of menopause. This suggests that women with these conditions should be closely monitored for CVD risk factors even before reaching menopause. Such early intervention may help reduce the incidence of CVD and improve overall cardiovascular health in this population. The precise pathophysiological mechanism underlying the development of CVD in women with menopause, premature POI, PCOS, and gestational factors remains elusive. This review article seeks to elucidate the latest research on the relationship between these conditions and CVD in women, aiming to explore the underlying pathogenic mechanisms contributing to this association.
The value of pregnancy complication history for 10-year cardiovascular disease risk prediction in middle-aged women.; Women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; preeclampsia and gestational hypertension) or delivering low birth weight offspring (LBW; < 2500 g) have twice the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We aimed to study the extent to which history of these pregnancy complications improves CVD risk prediction above and beyond conventional predictors. Parous women attended standardized clinical visits in Sweden. Data were linked to registries of deliveries and CVD. Participants were followed for a first CVD event within 10 years from age 50 (n = 7552) and/or 60 years (n = 5360) and the predictive value of each pregnancy complication above and beyond conventional predictors was investigated. History of LBW offspring was associated with increased risk of CVD when added to conventional predictors in women 50 years of age [Hazard ratio 1.68, 95% Confidence interval (CI) 1.19, 2.37] but not at age 60 (age interaction p = 0.04). However, at age 50 years CVD prediction was not further improved by information on LBW offspring, except that a greater proportion of the women who developed CVD were assigned to a higher risk category (categorical net reclassification improvement for events 0.038, 95% CI 0.003, 0.074). History of HDP was not associated with CVD when adjusted for reference model predictors. In conclusion, a history of pregnancy complications can identify women with increased risk of CVD midlife. However, considered with conventional risk factors, history of HDP or having delivered LBW offspring did not meaningfully improve 10-year CVD risk prediction in women age 50 years or older.
Amniotic fluid embolism-apropos two consecutive cases.; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a sporadic, unpredictable, and usual fatal obstetric complication. The paper deals with two cases of maternal deaths because of AFE verified by medicolegal autopsy. In both the cases, several known risk factors associated with AFE, such as increased maternal age (41 and 35 years), diabetes, augmented labor, and cesarean delivery, were identified. Clinical features were typical, including sudden onset of cardiovascular and respiratory symptoms. In the patient who survived longer, both clinical and autopsy signs of disseminated intravascular coagulopathy were present, while they were absent in the case where death occurred rapidly. This paper describes briefly the particular features to look for at autopsy and stresses the importance of histology examination and staining techniques.
Risk factors in pulmonary embolism.; The influence of several diseases and conditions upon the prevalence of pulmonary embolism in autopsies performed during a ten year period at the University of Michigan has been analyzed. The major factors contributing to an increase in risk of development of pulmonary embolism include heart disease, certain types of cancer, obesity, acute paraplegia and accidental and operative trauma. These and several other risk factors defined in other studies should be used in a selective program designed to increase the rate of detection of deep venous thrombosis before pulmonary embolism occurs, or alternatively, patients at increased risk should receive prophylactic low dosage heparin therapy during hospitalization.
Cardiovascular Disease-Related Morbidity and Mortality in Women With a History of Pregnancy Complications.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of certain pregnancy complications are at higher risk for cardiovascular (CVD) disease. However, most clinical guidelines only recommend postpartum follow-up of those with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, or preterm birth. This systematic review was undertaken to determine if there is an association between a broader array of pregnancy complications and the future risk of CVD. METHODS: We systematically searched PubMed, MEDLINE and EMBASE (via Ovid), CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library from inception to September 22, 2017, for observational studies of the association between the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, placental abruption, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age birth, stillbirth, and miscarriage and subsequent CVD. Likelihood ratio meta-analyses were performed to generate pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% intrinsic confidence intervals (ICI). RESULTS: Our systematic review included 84 studies (28 993 438 patients). Sample sizes varied from 250 to 2 000 000, with a median follow-up of 7.5 years postpartum. The risk of CVD was highest in women with gestational hypertension (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.3-2.2), preeclampsia (OR 2.7; 95% ICI, 2.5-3.0), placental abruption (OR 1.8; 95% ICI, 1.4-2.3), preterm birth (OR 1.6; 95% ICI, 1.4-1.9), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.5), and stillbirth (OR 1.5; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.1). A consistent trend was seen for low birth weight and small-for-gestational-age birth weight but not for miscarriage. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a broader array of pregnancy complications, including placental abruption and stillbirth, are at increased risk of future CVD. The findings support the need for assessment and risk factor management beyond the postpartum period.
A prospective study of villous capillary lesions in complicated pregnancies.; The vascularity of placental tissue is dependent on various factors of which fetomaternal hypoxia plays a major role. Hypoxia can be of different types and each type influences the vascularity of the villi, especially terminal villi, in its own way. In this study, we attempted to identify villous vascular changes in a group of term placentae from mothers with diseases complicating pregnancy. Chorangiosis was the most frequently identified lesion while chorangioma was found in only 2 cases. There were no cases of chorangiomatosis. A few cases had normal villous vasculature. Maternal diseases have a major role in disrupting the placental vasculogenesis and angiogenesis by creating a hypoxic environment that may affect the fetus adversely. Hence, such conditions need to be identified early in pregnancy and managed appropriately as it is possible to maintain a normal vasculature and prevent neonatal mortality and morbidity if prompt intervention is done.
Correlation between morning urine estriol concentration and 24-hour estriol excretion.; In an attempt to circumvent the need for 24-hour urine collections for estriol analyses in assessment of fetal status, the possibility of using morning urine samples was investigated. Results indicate 1) good correlation between 24-hour estriol excretion and morning estriol concentration, and between corresponding E/C ratios, 2) similar morning and 24-hour estriol concentrations, 3) high dependence of estriol and creatinine excretion on 24-hour urine volume but not on morning volume, 4) larger variations in 24-hour than in morning urine volume, and 5) better consistency of values in morning than in 24-hour samples in pathologic pregnancy. The use of serial morning urine concentrations at least as an outpatient monitoring procedure is suggested.
Kickboxing a cardiomyopathy: mitochondrial sequencing provides answer for young athlete and her family.; Mitochondrial diseases are rare, often go undiagnosed and can lead to devastating cascades of multisystem organ dysfunction. This report of a young woman with hearing loss and gestational diabetes illustrates a novel presentation of a cardiomyopathy caused by a previously described mutation in a mitochondrial gene, MT-TL1. She initially had biventricular heart dysfunction and ventricular arrhythmia that ultimately recovered with beta blockade and time. She continues to participate in sport without decline. It is important to keep mitochondrial diseases in the differential diagnosis and understand the testing and management strategies in order to provide the best patient care.
The prevalence of maternal medical conditions during pregnancy and a validation of their reporting in hospital discharge data.; Population health datasets are a valuable resource for studying maternal and obstetric health outcomes. However, their validity has not been thoroughly examined. We compared medical records from a random selection of New South Wales (NSW) women who gave birth in a NSW hospital in 2002 with coded hospital discharge records. We estimated the population prevalence of maternal medical conditions during pregnancy and found a tendency towards underreporting although specificities were high, indicating that false positives were uncommon.
Prognostic value of umbilical-middle cerebral artery pulsatility index ratio in fetuses with growth restriction.; OBJECTIVE: To study the utility of Doppler velocimetry and computerized cardiotocography in the management of intrauterine growth restriction and prediction of neonatal outcome. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Seventy-two pregnant women with fetuses showing growth restriction and delivered within 48 h of their last Doppler velocimetry evaluation. The last computerized cardiotocographic trace from these fetuses was used for statistical analysis, and the last trace from the healthy fetuses of 93 consecutive women undergoing cesarean section was used as control. Umbilical artery pulsatility index (UA PI), middle cerebral artery pulsatility index (MCA PI), UA PI/MCA PI ratio, and uterine artery resistance index (Ut RI) were assessed. RESULTS: Among women with growth-restricted fetuses, all parameters were significantly higher in those who had hypertension; and in those who had diabetes, only the UA PI/MCA ratio was significantly higher. Umbilical artery PI values and the UA PI/MCA ratio were higher in those who had a nonreassuring result to computerized nonstress test immediately before delivery. A multiple logistic analysis showed that the UA PI/MCA ratio was the only Doppler velocimetry parameter predicting cardiotocographic nonreactivity; furthermore, the predictivity of extended newborn hospitalization (longer than 15 days) was verified, with a sensitivity of 56% and a specificity of 92% when the ratio was higher than 1.26. CONCLUSION: The MCA PI of fetuses with growth restriction should be assessed. The UA PI/MCA ratio is predictive of a nonreactive computerized cardiotocography trace and of prolonged neonatal hospitalization.
Equilibrative nucleoside (ENTs) and cationic amino acid (CATs) transporters: implications in foetal endothelial dysfunction in human pregnancy diseases.; Gestational diabetes (GD, characterized by abnormal D-glucose metabolism), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR, a disease associated with reduced oxygen delivery (hypoxia) to the foetus), and preeclampsia (PE, a pregnancy complication characterized by high blood pressure, proteinuria and increased vascular resistance), induce foetal endothelial dysfunction with implications in adult life and increase the risk of vascular diseases. Synthesis of nitric oxide (NO) and uptake of L-arginine (the NO synthase (NOS) substrate) and adenosine (a vasoactive endogenous nucleoside) by the umbilical vein endothelium is altered in pregnancies with GD, IUGR or PE. Mechanisms underlying these alterations include differential expression of equilibrative nucleoside transporters (ENTs), cationic amino acid transporters (CATs), and NOS. Modulation of ENTs, CATs, and NOS expression and activity in endothelium involves protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinases p42 and p44 (p42/44(mapk)), calcium, and phosphatidyl inositol 3 kinase (PI3k), among others. Elevated extracellular D-glucose and hypoxia alter human endothelial function. However, information regarding the transcriptional modulation of ENTs, CATs, and NOS is limited. This review focuses on the effect of transcriptional and post-transcriptional regulatory mechanisms involved in the modulation of ENTs and CATs, and NOS expression and activity, and the consequences for foetal endothelial function in GD, IUGR and PE. The available information will contribute to a better understanding of the cell and molecular basis of the altered vascular endothelial function in these pregnancy diseases and will emphasize the key role of this type of epithelium in placental function and the normal foetal development and growth.
Obesity, obstetric complications and cesarean delivery rate--a population-based screening study.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to determine whether obesity is associated with obstetric complications and cesarean delivery. METHODS: A large prospective multicenter database was studied. Subjects were divided into 3 groups: body mass index (BMI) less than 30 (control), 30 to 34.9 (obese), and 35 or greater (morbidly obese). Groups were compared by using univariate and multivariable logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: The study included 16,102 patients: 3,752 control, 1,473 obese, and 877 morbidly obese patients. Obesity and morbid obesity had a statistically significant association with gestational hypertension (odds ratios [ORs] 2.5 and 3.2), preeclampsia (ORs 1.6 and 3.3), gestational diabetes (ORs 2.6 and 4.0), and fetal birth weight greater than 4000 g (ORs 1.7 and 1.9) and greater than 4500 g (ORs 2.0 and 2.4). For nulliparous patients, the cesarean delivery rate was 20.7% for the control group, 33.8% for obese, and 47.4% for morbidly obese patients. CONCLUSION: Obesity is an independent risk factor for adverse obstetric outcome and is significantly associated with an increased cesarean delivery rate.
Metabolic Coordination of Physiological and Pathological Cardiac Remodeling.; Metabolic pathways integrate to support tissue homeostasis and to prompt changes in cell phenotype. In particular, the heart consumes relatively large amounts of substrate not only to regenerate ATP for contraction but also to sustain biosynthetic reactions for replacement of cellular building blocks. Metabolic pathways also control intracellular redox state, and metabolic intermediates and end products provide signals that prompt changes in enzymatic activity and gene expression. Mounting evidence suggests that the changes in cardiac metabolism that occur during development, exercise, and pregnancy as well as with pathological stress (eg, myocardial infarction, pressure overload) are causative in cardiac remodeling. Metabolism-mediated changes in gene expression, metabolite signaling, and the channeling of glucose-derived carbon toward anabolic pathways seem critical for physiological growth of the heart, and metabolic inefficiency and loss of coordinated anabolic activity are emerging as proximal causes of pathological remodeling. This review integrates knowledge of different forms of cardiac remodeling to develop general models of how relationships between catabolic and anabolic glucose metabolism may fortify cardiac health or promote (mal)adaptive myocardial remodeling. Adoption of conceptual frameworks based in relational biology may enable further understanding of how metabolism regulates cardiac structure and function.
Fetal left and right ventricle myocardial performance index: defining normal values for the second and third trimesters--single tertiary center experience.; Myocardial performance index (MPI), or Tei index, has become a commonly used parameter for the noninvasive, Doppler-derived assessment of global systolic and diastolic performance of the heart in both adults and children. Normal values have been established in adults and children; however, limited data exist in fetal hearts. The aim of this study was to further elucidate normal values of fetal left (LV) and right ventricle (RV) MPI values in second- and third-trimester fetuses and compare these values with other previously published data. This was a retrospective study to measure MPI in healthy fetuses. After Institutional Review Board approval, 2000 fetal echocardiography studies (FES) were acquired during a period of 4 years. Demographic parameters examined included gestational age (GA), maternal age (MA), and indication for fetal echocardiography. Fetuses with congenital heart disease, arrhythmias, or significant noncardiac fetal anomalies were excluded. The following echocardiography parameters were collected: LV ejection time (LVET), mitral valve close-to-open time (MVCO), RVET, tricuspid valve CO (TVCO), and fetal heart rate. For simplicity, LV and RV MPI values were calculated as follows: LV MPI = MVCO - LVET/LVET and RV MPI = TVCO - RVET/RVET. Four hundred twenty FES met the study criteria. LV MPI was evaluated in 230 and 190 FES in the second and third trimester, respectively. Of the 420 FES, 250 (150 in the second trimester and 100 in the third trimester) had all of the measurements required for RV MPI calculation. MA ranged between 16 and 49 years. Indications for FES included diabetes mellitus (N = 140; 33 %), suspected fetal anomalies on routine obstetrical ultrasound (N = 80; 20 %), autoimmune disorder (N = 60; 14 %), family history of CHD (N = 76; 18 %), medication exposure (N = 22; 5 %), increase nuchal thickness (N = 13; 3 %), and other indications (N = 29; 6 %). Averaged LV and RV MPI values were 0.464 ± 0.08 and 0.466 ± 0.09, respectively. Further analysis based on gestational period showed slightly greater LV and RV MPI values during the third compared with the second trimester, i.e., 0.48 and 0.49, respectively, with no statistically significant difference. There was no significant association of LV and RV MPI with heart rate. To our knowledge, this is the first study to establish normal values of fetal MPI based on a large fetal population from a single tertiary center. LV and RV MPI values were independent of GA and fetal heart rate. MPI is a useful parameter for the assessment of global cardiac function in the fetus and demonstrates good reproducibility with narrow interobserver and intraobserver variability. Its usefulness should be studied in fetal hearts with complex congenital anomalies.
Twin pregnancy among women with pregestational type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the impact of twin versus singleton pregnancy on obstetric and perinatal outcomes among women with pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM). METHODS: Multicenter retrospective cohort study of women with pregestational DM and twin or singleton pregnancy, conducted in Spain during 2005-2010. Each group included 63 women (type 1 DM, n=39; type 2 DM, n=24). RESULTS: Of 269 565 deliveries, 68 (0.025%) were twins of mothers with pregestational DM, with 28/63 (44.4%) conceptions achieved with assisted reproduction technology. Among women with type 1 DM, hypertensive complications were more common among those with twins than among controls (13% versus 3%, P=0.02); the rate of preterm birth was higher (69% versus 15%, P<0.001); and the rate of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit was higher (51% versus 21%, P=0.005). Twin pregnancy was an independent risk factor for adverse perinatal outcomes regardless of the type of diabetes. CONCLUSION: Twin pregnancy in women with either type of DM dramatically increased the risk of perinatal morbidity. In mothers with type 1 DM, twin pregnancy was more often associated with hypertensive complications than singleton pregnancy. Transfer of more than one embryo should be avoided if ART is needed in a woman with DM.
Management of subsequent pregnancy after antepartum stillbirth. A review.; In literature, there is a paucity of information about the management of the subsequent pregnancy after stillbirth (SB). we undertook a systematic review of the literature focusing on the evidence for antenatal interventions with the potential to prevent SB and we try to summarise the management of the pregnancy subsequent to a SB. The diverse interventions and their efficacy will be reported according to the possible causes and/or conditions associated to the previous SB. Few of the studies reported SB as an outcome and the evidence was frequently conflicting. Several interventions showed clear evidence of impact on SB, including the scrupulous control of blood sugar by using multiple doses of insulin, frequent antenatal foetal monitoring and timing of delivery in diabetic women; the prophylaxis with low dose of aspirin in high-risk women; or serial sonograms for foetal growth, Doppler studies and antepartum foetal testing in women with previous growth restricted foetus. Other interventions instead reduced know risk factors for SB but failed to show statistically significant impact on SB rate. Overall, early access to care, at least three ultrasounds examinations, screening for the main pregnancy-related disorders and timely delivery are the milestone of appropriate antenatal care in women with previous SB.
[Proliferative diabetic retinopathy and pregnancy].; Twenty pregnant diabetics with proliferative diabetic retinopathy are described. Out of a total of 37 eyes, 18 were coagulated during pregnancy. Coagulation treatment before pregnancy was performed in 14 eyes. The morphologic aspect of the fundi at the end of pregnancy was unchanged or even better in 31 of the 37 eyes, as compared with the time before pregnancy. The best results were obtained in eyes which were sufficiently coagulated before pregnancy. Visual acuity at the end of pregnancy in 35 eyes was much the same as during pregnancy. It is concluded that from a ophthalmological point of view the inindication for therapeutic abortion in diabetics with dication for therapeutic abortion in diabetics with proliferative diabetic retinopathy is no longer tenable.
Pregnancy complications in PCOS.; Complications of pregnancy associated with maternal PCOS include increased prevalence of early pregnancy loss (EPL), gestational diabetes (GDM), pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders (PET/PIH), and the birth of small-for-gestational-age (SGA) babies. Increased risk of EPL has been attributed to obesity, hyperinsulinaemia, elevated luteinizing hormone concentrations, and endometrial dysfunction. Avoiding obesity before pregnancy and treatment with metformin are therapeutic options, also for the increased prevalence of GDM. Administration of metformin throughout pregnancy is a contentious issue. Screening pregnant women with PCOS for GDM and PET/PIH-especially if they are obese-is recommended, although data for a firm association between PCOS and PET/PIH is weak. Impaired insulin-mediated growth and fetal programming are possible explanations for a higher prevalence of SGA infants in mothers with PCOS. Only prospective studies employing a large cohort of women with well-defined PCOS compared with a control group matched for BMI and parity can solve the remaining questions.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Offspring Cardiac Structure and Function in Adolescence.; BACKGROUND: Fetal exposure to preeclampsia is associated with higher blood pressure and later risk of stroke. We aimed to investigate the associations of maternal preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and maternal blood pressure change in pregnancy with offspring cardiac structure and function in adolescence. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using data from a prospective birth cohort study, we included offspring who underwent echocardiography (mean age, 17.7 years; SD, 0.3; N=1592). We examined whether hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with offspring cardiac structure and systolic/diastolic function using linear regression. Using multilevel linear spline models (measurement occasions within women), we also investigated whether rate of maternal systolic/diastolic blood pressure change during pregnancy (weeks 8-18, 18-30, 30-36, and 36 or more) were associated with offspring outcomes. Main models were typically adjusted for maternal age, offspring age and sex, prepregnancy body mass index, parity, glycosuria/diabetes mellitus, education, and maternal smoking. Exposure to maternal preeclampsia (0.025; 95% CI, 0.008-0.043) and gestational hypertension (0.010; 0.002-0.017) were associated with greater relative wall thickness. Furthermore, preeclampsia was also associated with a smaller left ventricular end-diastolic volume (-9.0 mL; -15 to -3.1). No associations were found between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and offspring cardiac function. Positive rate of maternal systolic blood pressure change during weeks 8 to 18 was associated with greater offspring left ventricular end-diastolic volume, left ventricular mass indexed to height(2.7), and E/A. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescent offspring exposed to maternal preeclampsia had greater relative wall thickness and reduced left ventricular end-diastolic volume, which could be early signs of concentric remodeling and affect future cardiac function as well as risk of cardiovascular disease.
The Burden of Deep Vein Thrombosis and Risk Factors in Pregnancy and Postpartum-Mirroring Our Region's Particularities.; (1) Background: The three factors within the Virchow triad play the leading role in the development of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) during pregnancy. (2) Methods: This research approaches the various risk factors associated with DVT and its most representative complications, pulmonary thromboembolism and cerebral venous thrombosis, in pregnant and postpartum women across a 15-year period (2007-2021). (3) Results: A total of 201 out of 287 patients with DVT had associated risk factors, while 86 did not present with any. Out of the 201 patients with risk factors, 47 developed pulmonary thromboembolism, while 12 experienced cerebral thrombosis. The statistical analysis of risk factors involved in DVT revealed high significance for obesity (OR 3.676; CI 2.484-5.439), gestational diabetes (OR 3.394; CI 2.101-5.483), hypertension (OR 2.325; CI 1.591-3.397), preeclampsia (OR 4.753; CI 2.342-9.645), thrombophilia (OR 12.138; CI 8.973-16.417), and varicose veins (OR 9.678; CI 7.321-12.793); for pulmonary thromboembolism, there was high significance for obesity (OR 7.867; CI 4.297-14.401), hypertension (OR 2.605; CI 1.246-5.446), preeclampsia (OR 7.483; CI 2.346-23.872), thrombophilia (OR 11.035; CI 5.910-20.602), and varicose veins (OR 6.837; CI 3.665-12.757); and for cerebral thromboembolism (CTE), the risk factors identified were obesity (OR 6.755; CI 1.954-23.347), hypertension (OR 1.167; CI 0.155-8.770), preeclampsia (OR 9.655; CI 1.283-72.672), and thrombophilia (OR 33.275; CI 12.884-85.939). (4) Conclusions: Obesity was the only significant factor found to influence DVT, pulmonary embolism and CTE risks, and hereditary thrombophilia was the main factor influencing the risk for pulmonary thromboembolism and CTE. Systemic lupus erythematosus and gestational diabetes revealed conflicting results that require further investigation.
[An unusual episode of angina].; The authors report the case of a 77-year-old woman suffering from ischemic cardiopathy, arterial hypertension and NID diabetes mellitus who was hospitalised for diabetic retinopathy. Following the topical administration of a drop of phenylephrine in the right eye, in preparation for fluoroangiography, she suffered an attack of angina pectoris. This event was clearly identified by a ECG carried out at the time which highlighted the sublevelling of the ST tract in the precordial derivations V2-V5, and by ecocardiographic imaging that showed septo-apical, anterior-apical and anterior-median transient segmentary hypokinesia. This case underlines the need for prudence and emphasises the need to regard patients suffering from ischemic cardiopathy as high-risk when undergoing diagnostic tests, in particular if these involve the use of vasoactive drugs.
Fetal echocardiography and fetal cardiology: indications, diagnosis and management.; Over the last 15 years, the ultrasound examination of the fetal heart has become increasingly sophisticated. Fetal echocardiography is now paramount in making an early and accurate assessment of cardiovascular structure as well as diagnosing and treating fetal arrhythmias. For the fetal sonographer, the increasing challenge of fetal evaluation has been paralleled by advancing technology. Today, a complete fetal echocardiographic study includes the structural and rhythm analysis using a combination of two-dimensional imaging, M-mode scanning, pulsed- and continuous-wave Doppler measurements, and color-flow mapping. When the data obtained from the fetal echocardiogram suggest normal cardiac structure, the reassurance provided to the family at risk is immeasurable. When a prenatal diagnosis of structural or rhythm abnormalities is obtained, the health care team can outline a management strategy to optimize the care and support given to the fetus, mother, and family.
Incidence and risk factors for retinopathy of prematurity in extreme low birth weight Chinese infants.; The objective of this study is to determine the incidence and risk factors of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) in extremely low birth weight (ELBW) Chinese infants. A retrospective medical record review of all ELBW (≤1,000 g) neonates screened for ROP from 2007 to 2012 was performed in Hong Kong. ROP screening was conducted at 2 neonatal intensive care units by 3 pediatric ophthalmologists using the Royal College of Ophthalmologists ROP guideline and the International Classification of ROP. Maternal and neonatal covariates were analyzed using univariate and multivariate regression analyses for both ROP and Type 1 ROP. In 131 ELBW Chinese infants, the mean gestational age (GA) and birth weight (BW) were 27.3 ± 3.3 weeks and 806.9 ± 133.7 g, respectively. The incidence of ROP and Type 1 ROP was 53.4 and 14.5 %, respectively. For ROP, a lighter BW, smaller GA, vaginal delivery, postnatal hypotension, inotrope use, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, surfactant use, invasive mechanical ventilation, and supplementary oxygen were independent risk factors for ROP, while PET was protective (P ≤ 0.02). On multivariate analysis, a smaller GA was a risk factor, while PET and congenital heart disease were protective for ROP development (P ≤ 0.01). For Type 1 ROP, a lighter BW, smaller GA, surfactant use, and invasive mechanical ventilation were independent risk factors for ROP, while PET was protective (P ≤ 0.02). There were no significant covariates on multivariate analysis for Type 1 ROP. In ELBW, preterm Chinese infants, a smaller GA was a risk factor for ROP, while PET and congenital heart disease were protective for ROP development in multivariate analysis.
Preconception care of women attending adult general diabetes clinics--are we doing enough?; BACKGROUND: The presence of diabetes in pregnancy can result in substantial morbidity to both mother and baby if management is sub-optimal. AIMS: To assess the process of standards of preconception care (against the National Service Framework standards) of women attending the adult general diabetes clinics in a district general hospital. METHODS: Retrospective review of case notes of women aged 18-40 years attending the general diabetes clinics for annual review, over a period of 6 months. RESULTS: Seventy sets of notes were reviewed. The mean age of the patients was 32 years. Fifty-six patients had type-1 diabetes and 14 patients had type-2 diabetes. Mean duration of diabetes was 13 years. Eighty-six percent of the patients had blood pressure recordings documented. Mean blood pressure was 124/74 mmHg. Mean HbA1c was 9.1%. Documented evidence of home blood glucose monitoring was seen in 66% of the patients. Preconception counselling/contraception were discussed in 17 patients (25%). Twenty-nine patients (41%) were on potentially teratogenic medications. Alcohol and smoking history was not documented in 91% and 61% of the patients, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This retrospective assessment highlights that reproductive issues in an at risk population of women with diabetes are not included in routine management of diabetes care in outpatient clinics.
The risk factors of gestational hypertension in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: a retrospective analysis.; BACKGROUND: The hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy (HDCP) is common in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), yet the potential influencing factors remained unclear. We aimed to assess the independent risk factors of HDCP in patients with PCOS, to provide clinical evidences for the management of PCOS. METHODS: Pregnant PCOS patients treated in our hospital from June 1, 2018 to November 30, 2020 were approached. The personal and clinical characteristics of patients with and without gestational hypertension were evaluated. Logistic regressions were conducted to identify the independent risk factors of HDCP, Receiver operating characteristics (ROC)curve analysis was conducted to evaluate the predicting value. RESULTS: A total of 188 PCOS patients were included, the incidence of HDCP in patients with PCOS was 27.66 %. There were significant differences in the age, BMI, family history of hypertension, the history of adverse pregnancy, history of contraceptive pills use and family history of HDCP between HDCP group and no-HDCP group (all p < 0.05), and there were no significant differences in the family history of diabetes, multiple pregnancy and long-term smoking history between HDCP group and no-HDCP group (all p > 0.05). Age ≥ 27y(OR2.048, 95 %CI1.121 ~ 3.208), BMI ≥ 24 kg/m(2)(OR1.463, 95 %CI1.069 ~ 2.011), family history of hypertension(OR2.129, 95 %CI1.093 ~ 3.042), the history of adverse pregnancy(OR2.435, 95 %CI1.264 ~ 4.085), history of contraceptive pills use(OR3.806, 95 %CI1.184 ~ 6.102), family history of HDCP(OR1.934, 95 %CI1.016 ~ 2.774) were the independent risk factors of HDCP in patients with PCOS (all p < 0.05). ROC curve analyses indicated that those factors had good predictive value on HDCP in PCOS patients. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of HDCP in PCOS patients is relatively high. In clinical practice, medical workers should carry out early prevention and intervention measures for these risk factors to reduce the incidence of HDCP.
Liver triacylglycerols and free fatty acids in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats have atypical n-6 and n-3 pattern.; In diabetes there is a decrease in membrane arachidonic (AA) and docosahexaenoic (DHA) acids and a concomitant increase in linoleic (LA) and alpha-linolenic (ALA) acids. This metabolic perturbation is thought to be due to impaired activity of Delta(6)- and Delta(5)-desaturases. Triacylglycerols are the major lipid pool in plasma and liver tissue and have a significant influence on fatty acid composition of membrane and circulating phospholipids. Data on the distribution of n-6 and n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids of triacylglycerols in diabetes are sparse. We investigated whether streptozotocin-induced diabetes in Sprague-Dawley rats alters fatty acid composition of triacylglycerols and free fatty acids of liver tissue. The animals were fed a breeding diet prior to mating, during pregnancy and lactation. On days 1-2 of pregnancy, diabetes was induced in 10 of the 25 rats. Liver was obtained at post partum day 16 for analysis. Relative levels of LA (P=0.03), dihomo-gamma-linolenic acid (DHGLA) (P=0.02), AA (P=0.049), total n-6 (P=0.02), ALA (P=0.013), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) (P=0.004), docosapentaenoic acid (22:5n-3, DPA) (P=0.013), DHA (P=0.033), n-3 metabolites (P=0.015) and total n-3 (P=0.011) were significantly higher in the triacylglycerols of the diabetics compared with the controls. Similarly, liver free fatty acids of the diabetics had higher levels of LA (P=0.0001), DHGLA (P=0.001), AA (P=0.001), n-6 metabolites (P=0.002), total n-6 (P=0.0001), ALA (P=0.003), EPA (P=0.015), docosapentaenoic (22:5n-3, P=0.003), DHA (P=0.002), n-3 metabolites (P=0.005) and total n-3 (P=0.001). We conclude that impaired activity of desaturases and/or long chain acyl-CoA synthetase could not explain the higher levels of AA, DHA and n-6 and n-3 metabolites in the diabetics. This seems to be consistent with an alteration in the regulatory mechanism, which directs incorporation of polyunsaturated fatty acids either into triacylglycerols or phospholipids.
Diabetic ketoacidosis in pregnancy.; The clinical presentation of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) includes nausea, vomiting, thirst, polyuria, polydipsia, abdominal pain, tachypnoea, and change in mental status in cases of severe DKA. DKA is similar in pregnant and non-pregnant women, but in pregnant women it can be seen at lower serum glucose levels and symptoms may develop more rapidly. Most, but not all, cases occur in the second or third trimester.DKA results in reduction in uteroplacental blood flow due to osmotic diuresis, and also in metabolic abnormalities (maternal acidosis, hyperglycaemia, electrolyte imbalance), resulting in fetal hypoxaemia and acidosis. In fetuses with mature cardiac activity, the fetal heart rate may show minimal or absent variability, repetitive deceleration and absence of acceleration. These abnormalities in heart rate usually resolve with resolution of the DKA, which may last for several hours before normalisation.For the patient reported on here, immediate delivery based on pathological fetal heart rate would have resulted in preterm delivery and jeopardised the maternal clinical condition. However, a holistic clinical approach by the multidisciplinary team to management of the patient led to normal term delivery 5 weeks after presentation with DKA; fetal and maternal outcome were good.
Assessment of Lower Limb Deep Vein Thrombosis: Characterization and Associated Risk Factors Using Triplex Doppler Imaging.; BACKGROUND: Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is a common health problem. Accurate diagnosis of DVT is essential to avoid potentially fatal acute consequences of pulmonary embolism. AIM: The study aims to assess deep venous thrombosis (DVT) of the lower limbs and to analyze the related risk factors. METHODS: This is a retrospective study including 60 patients who were examined using Triplex Doppler imaging. The patients were referred to the imaging departments with symptoms of lower limb DVT. The risk of DVT was expressed as an odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to detect the independent risk factors. P value <0.05 was considered a significant statistic. RESULTS: Among the Saudi patients in Najran, acute DVT was more prevalent than chronic one (56.7% vs 38.3%), while subacute is less frequent (5%). DVTs are more prevalent in females than males (60% vs 40%) and most commonly affect patients older than 40. DVTs affect the left lower limb veins more than the right limb (75% vs 15%) and are less frequent on both sides (10%). The left popliteal vein (PV) and left common femoral vein (CFV) were the most common sites for acute DVTs. Binary logistic analysis revealed the independent risk factors for developing lower extremity DVT; malignancy (OR = 2.84, 95% CI = 0.518-15.513), surgery (OR = 2.66, 95% CI = 0.411-17.281), trauma (OR = 2.30, 95% CI = 0.452-11.658), and diabetes and hypertension (OR = 1.53, 95% CI = 0.335-6.969). CONCLUSION: Acute lower limb DVT was more prevalent than chronic one. Malignancy, surgery, trauma, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension were the most common risk factors for lower limb DVTs. Left popliteal and left common femoral veins were the most common sites of acute DVTs.
Nonmedically indicated induction in morbidly obese women is not associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of morbid obesity (body mass index ≥40 kg/m(2)) in women aged 20-39 years was 7.5% in 2009 through 2010. Morbid obesity is associated with an increased risk of stillbirth compared with normal body mass index, especially >39 weeks' gestation. The data regarding increased risk of cesarean delivery associated with nonmedically indicated induction of labor compared to expectant management in morbidly obese women are limited. OBJECTIVE: We sought to compare the cesarean delivery rate of nonmedically indicated induction of labor with expectant management in morbidly obese women without other comorbidity. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study from the Consortium on Safe Labor of morbidly obese women with singleton, cephalic gestations without previous cesarean, chronic hypertension, or gestational or pregestational diabetes between 37 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks' gestation. We examined maternal outcomes including cesarean delivery, operative delivery, third- or fourth-degree laceration, postpartum hemorrhage, and composite maternal outcome (any of: transfusion, intensive care unit admission, venous thromboembolism). We also examined neonatal outcomes including shoulder dystocia, macrosomia (>4000 g), neonatal intensive care unit admission, and composite neonatal outcome (5-min Apgar score <5, stillbirth, neonatal death, or asphyxia or hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy). Adjusted odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals were calculated, controlling for maternal characteristics, hospital type, and simplified Bishop score. Analyses were conducted at early and full term (37 0/7 to 38 6/7 and 39 0/7 to 40 6/7 weeks' gestation, respectively). Women who delivered between 41 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks' gestation were included as expectant management group. RESULTS: Of 1894 nulliparous and 2455 multiparous morbidly obese women, 429 (22.7%) and 791 (32.2%) had nonmedically indicated induction, respectively. In nulliparas, nonmedically indicated induction was not associated with increased risks of cesarean delivery and was associated with decreased risks of macrosomia (2.2% vs 11.0%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.24; 95% confidence interval, 0.05-0.70) at early term and decreased neonatal intensive care unit admission (5.1% vs 8.9%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.59; 95% confidence interval, 0.33-0.98) at full term compared with expectant management. In multiparas, nonmedically indicated induction compared with expectant management was associated with a decreased risk of macrosomia at early term (4.2% vs 14.3%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.30; 95% confidence interval, 0.13-0.60), cesarean delivery at full term (5.4% vs 7.9%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.64; 95% confidence interval, 0.41-0.98), and composite neonatal outcome (0% vs 0.6%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.10; 95% confidence interval, <.01-0.89) at full term. CONCLUSION: In morbidly obese women without other comorbidity, nonmedically indicated induction was not associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery.
Prolactin response to thyrotropin-releasing hormone in normal and complicated late pregnancies.; Maternal serum prolactin level (PRL) was determined with radioimmunoassay in normal and complicated late pregnancy. The mean basal PRL levels were not statistically different among normal (179.3 ng/ml), preeclamptic (169.7 ng/ml), hypertensive (171.4 ng/ml), twin (194.8 ng/ml), or diabetic pregnancies (134.4 ng/ml), although 3 of 17 diabetic women had abnormally low PRL levels. The PRL response to 200 micrograms of intravenously administered thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) was investigated and found similar in normal, preeclamptic, hypertensive, and twin pregnancies. There was no response to TRH in 2 of 3 diabetics with a low basal PRL level. One of these diabetic patients experienced an unexplained intrauterine death 4 weeks later; the others delivered term infants, 1 of whom died of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS). These preliminary results suggest that low basal PRL levels and unresponsiveness to TRH may be related to a poor fetal or neonatal prognosis in diabetic pregnancies.
Evaluation of Cardiac Function in Women With a History of Preeclampsia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Background Women with a history of preeclampsia are at increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. However, the underlying mechanisms of disease association, and the ideal method of monitoring this high-risk group, remains unclear. This review aims to determine whether women with a history of preeclampsia show clinical or subclinical cardiac changes when evaluated with an echocardiogram. Methods and Results A systematic search of MEDLINE, EMBASE, and CINAHL databases was performed to identify studies that examined cardiac function in women with a history of preeclampsia, in comparison with those with normotensive pregnancies. In the 27 included studies, we found no significant differences between preeclampsia and nonpreeclampsia women with regard to left ventricular ejection fraction, isovolumetric relaxation time, or deceleration time. Women with a history of preeclampsia demonstrated a higher left ventricular mass index and relative wall thickness with a mean difference of 4.25 g/m(2) (95% CI, 2.08, 6.42) and 0.03 (95% CI, 0.01, 0.05), respectively. In comparison with the nonpreeclampsia population, they also demonstrated a lower E/A and a higher E/e' ratio with a mean difference of -0.08 (95% CI, -0.15, -0.01) and 0.84 (95% CI, 0.41, 1.27), respectively. Conclusions In comparison with women who had a normotensive pregnancy, women with a history of preeclampsia demonstrated a trend toward altered cardiac structure and function. Further studies with larger sample sizes and consistent echocardiogram reporting with the use of sensitive preclinical markers are required to assess the role of echocardiography in monitoring this high-risk population group.
The unique expression profile of the androgen receptor gene in a rat model of neonatal cardiac hypertrophy.; Gender can influence many cardiovascular events, including cardiac hypertrophy. The presence of and dynamic changes involving androgen receptor (AR) gene expression are important confirmatory findings for androgen modulation in the pathogenesis of cardiac hypertrophy. AIMS: To determine AR expression profile during neonatal hypertrophy and its regression process using a rat model. METHODS: Relative mRNA levels of the AR gene were quantified at postnatal days 1, 7, 14, 21 and 28 using real time PCR. RESULTS: A significant 10.6-fold decrease in AR transcription levels was observed at birth in neonates with cardiac hypertrophy (p < 0.05). Our analysis also showed a significant increase in AR mRNA levels at day 28, corresponding with regression of cardiac hypertrophy. DISCUSSION: The AR gene demonstrated a noteworthy trend in its expression pattern. The initial down-regulation was most likely the result of increased testosterone levels induced by hyperinsulinaemia and hypoglycaemia, which were present in neonates from diabetic mothers during pregnancy. The paradoxical increase in AR at day 28 suggested a potential long term-effect of the in utero diabetic environment.
Diabetes and congenital heart defects: a systematic review, meta-analysis, and modeling project.; CONTEXT: Maternal pregestational diabetes (PGDM) is a risk factor for development of congenital heart defects (CHDs). Glycemic control before pregnancy reduces the risk of CHDs. A meta-analysis was used to estimate summary ORs and mathematical modeling was used to estimate population attributable fractions (PAFs) and the annual number of CHDs in the U.S. potentially preventable by establishing glycemic control before pregnancy. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: A systematic search of the literature through December 2012 was conducted in 2012 and 2013. Case-control or cohort studies were included. Data were abstracted from 12 studies for a meta-analysis of all CHDs. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Summary estimates of the association between PGDM and CHDs and 95% credible intervals (95% CrIs) were developed using Bayesian random-effects meta-analyses for all CHDs and specific CHD subtypes. Posterior estimates of this association were combined with estimates of CHD prevalence to produce estimates of PAFs and annual prevented cases. Ninety-five percent uncertainty intervals (95% UIs) for estimates of the annual number of preventable cases were developed using Monte Carlo simulation. Analyses were conducted in 2013. The summary OR estimate for the association between PGDM and CHDs was 3.8 (95% CrI=3.0, 4.9). Approximately 2670 (95% UI=1795, 3795) cases of CHDs could potentially be prevented annually if all women in the U.S. with PGDM achieved glycemic control before pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Estimates from this analysis suggest that preconception care of women with PGDM could have a measureable impact by reducing the number of infants born with CHDs.
New development of the yolk sac theory in diabetic embryopathy: molecular mechanism and link to structural birth defects.; Maternal diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for structural birth defects, including congenital heart defects and neural tube defects. With the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity in women of childbearing age, diabetes mellitus-induced birth defects have become an increasingly significant public health problem. Maternal diabetes mellitus in vivo and high glucose in vitro induce yolk sac injuries by damaging the morphologic condition of cells and altering the dynamics of organelles. The yolk sac vascular system is the first system to develop during embryogenesis; therefore, it is the most sensitive to hyperglycemia. The consequences of yolk sac injuries include impairment of nutrient transportation because of vasculopathy. Although the functional relationship between yolk sac vasculopathy and structural birth defects has not yet been established, a recent study reveals that the quality of yolk sac vasculature is related inversely to embryonic malformation rates. Studies in animal models have uncovered key molecular intermediates of diabetic yolk sac vasculopathy, which include hypoxia-inducible factor-1α, apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1, and its inhibitor thioredoxin-1, c-Jun-N-terminal kinases, nitric oxide, and nitric oxide synthase. Yolk sac vasculopathy is also associated with abnormalities in arachidonic acid and myo-inositol. Dietary supplementation with fatty acids that restore lipid levels in the yolk sac lead to a reduction in diabetes mellitus-induced malformations. Although the role of the human yolk in embryogenesis is less extensive than in rodents, nevertheless, human embryonic vasculogenesis is affected negatively by maternal diabetes mellitus. Mechanistic studies have identified potential therapeutic targets for future intervention against yolk sac vasculopathy, birth defects, and other complications associated with diabetic pregnancies.
The feto-placental glucose steal phenomenon is a major cause of maternal metabolic adaptation during late pregnancy in the rat.; The aim of this study was to determine the extent to which a feto-placental glucose steal phenomenon contributes to the process of maternal metabolic adaptation to late pregnancy. Glucose metabolism was studied in virgin control, pregnant rats and virgin rats with a phlorizin-induced model of the feto-placental glucose steal phenomenon. Whole body glucose kinetics and glucose uptake into individual tissues were measured in anaesthetised rats basally and during hyperinsulinaemic euglycaemic clamps. The basal glucose metabolism of the pregnant rats was closely mimicked by the phlorizin-treated rats. Basal plasma glucose was 39% and 38% lower (p < 0.0001 for both); hepatic glucose production was 21% and 26% higher (p < 0.05 for both); and plasma glucose clearance was 109% and 104% higher (p < 0.0001 for both) in the pregnant and phlorizin-treated rats, respectively, compared to the control rats. Basal glucose uptake into peripheral tissues was lower in both the pregnant and phlorizin-treated compared to the control rats, being most evident in heart (p < 0.01 for both) and brown adipose tissue (p < 0.001 for both). In the clamp studies, impairment of glucose uptake into skeletal muscle was observed in both the pregnant and phlorizin-treated rats compared to the control rats. In conclusion, the feto-placental glucose steal phenomenon is a major contributing factor to postabsorptive glucose metabolism in late pregnancy. This phenomenon also contributes to the impairment of maternal insulin-stimulated peripheral glucose uptake.
Risk factors for pre-eclampsia at antenatal booking: systematic review of controlled studies.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the risk of pre-eclampsia associated with factors that may be present at antenatal booking. DESIGN: Systematic review of controlled studies published 1966-2002. DATA SYNTHESIS: Unadjusted relative risks were calculated from published data. RESULTS: Controlled cohort studies showed that the risk of pre-eclampsia is increased in women with a previous history of pre-eclampsia (relative risk 7.19, 95% confidence interval 5.85 to 8.83) and in those with antiphospholipids antibodies (9.72, 4.34 to 21.75), pre-existing diabetes (3.56, 2.54 to 4.99), multiple (twin) pregnancy (2.93, 2.04 to 4.21), nulliparity (2.91, 1.28 to 6.61), family history (2.90, 1.70 to 4.93), raised blood pressure (diastolic > or = 80 mm Hg) at booking (1.38, 1.01 to 1.87), raised body mass index before pregnancy (2.47, 1.66 to 3.67) or at booking (1.55, 1.28 to 1.88), or maternal age > or = 40 (1.96, 1.34 to 2.87, for multiparous women). Individual studies show that risk is also increased with an interval of 10 years or more since a previous pregnancy, autoimmune disease, renal disease, and chronic hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: These factors and the underlying evidence base can be used to assess risk at booking so that a suitable surveillance routine to detect pre-eclampsia can be planned for the rest of the pregnancy.
Maternal glycemia during pregnancy and offspring abdominal adiposity measured by MRI in the neonatal period and preschool years: The Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes (GUSTO) prospective mother-offspring birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with unfavorable body fat distribution in offspring. However, less is known about the effects across the range of maternal gestational glycemia on offspring abdominal adiposity (AA) in infancy and early childhood. OBJECTIVES: This study determined the association between gestational glycemia and offspring AA measured by MRI in the neonatal period and during the preschool years. METHODS: Participants were mother-offspring pairs from the GUSTO (Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes) prospective cohort study. Children who underwent MRI within 2 wk postdelivery (n = 305) and/or at preschool age, 4.5 y (n = 273), and whose mothers had a 2-h 75-g oral-glucose-tolerance test (OGTT) at 26-28 weeks of gestation were included. AA measured by adipose tissue compartment volumes-abdominal superficial (sSAT), deep subcutaneous (dSAT), and internal (IAT) adipose tissue-was quantified from MRI images. RESULTS: Adjusting for potential confounders including maternal prepregnancy BMI, each 1-mmol/L increase in maternal fasting glucose was associated with higher SD scores for sSAT (0.66; 95% CI: 0.45, 0.86), dSAT (0.65; 95% CI: 0.44, 0.87), and IAT (0.64; 95% CI: 0.42, 0.86) in neonates. Similarly, each 1-mmol/L increase in 2-h OGTT glucose was associated with higher neonatal sSAT (0.11; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.19) and dSAT (0.09; 95% CI: 0.00, 0.17). These associations were stronger in female neonates but only persisted in girls between fasting glucose, and sSAT and dSAT at 4.5 y. CONCLUSIONS: A positive association between maternal glycemia and neonatal AA was observed across the whole range of maternal mid-gestation glucose concentrations. These findings may lend further support to efforts toward optimizing maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy. The study also provides suggestive evidence on sex differences in the impact of maternal glycemia, which merits further confirmation in other studies.This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01174875.
[Recurrent multiple cranial nerve palsy in a gravida with type 1 diabetes, that remitted after delivery and with steroid therapy].; We report a rare case of multiple cranial nerve palsy associated with pregnancy, the cause of which remained to be clarified despite of extensive inspections. A 28-year-old woman with type 1 diabetes on insulin therapy developed left oculomotor nerve palsy in the fourth month of pregnancy. Her symptoms improved after one month's administration of vitamins B1 and B12. Numbness appeared in the left side of the face in the 8th month of pregnancy, and then moved to the right side in two weeks. Dysarthria and dysphagia occurred one month later. Bulbar symptoms were worsened, and she became unable to eat or drink. Neurological examination revealed disturbance of sensation in the right side of the face, soft palate paresis, and bilateral atrophy and fasciculation of the tongue. Extensive laboratory examinations including immunological and endocrinological studies, cerebrospinal fluid examination and brain magnetic resonance imaging were unremarkable. These symptoms remitted spontaneously after delivery, and the methylprednisolone pulse therapy accelerated the improvement. Neurological examination done one year after delivery showed complete recovery of the symptoms except for persistent tongue atrophy.
Risk factors for recurrent preterm delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To identify risk factors for recurrent preterm delivery among primiparous women with previous preterm delivery. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective case-control study was designed: 152 primiparous women who delivered preterm (22-36 weeks) were divided into two groups: 81 had a second preterm delivery (study group) and 71 had a second-term delivery (control group). Exclusion criteria were induced preterm delivery, hydramnions and multiple gestations. RESULTS: Comparing second preterm delivery before 34 weeks (n = 36) to the second delivery of the control group, higher rates of hospitalization due to preterm labor were noted in the study versus the control group (52.8% versus 16.9%,P = 0.001). The interval between pregnancies was shorter in the study subgroup, before 34 weeks gestational age, versus the controls (20.1 +/-15.7 months versus 28.9 +/- 18.7 months, P = 0.011). Multiple regression analyses, adjusted for confounding variables, found the occurrence of preterm labor and short interval between pregnancies, especially up to 12 months, as independent risk factors for the recurrence of preterm delivery (OR = 4.98; P , 0.001; OR = 5.13; P = 0.007, respectively). CONCLUSION: When adjusted for confounding variables, short interval between pregnancies is an independent risk factor for recurrent preterm delivery.
Frequency and clinical significance of placental histological lesions in an unselected population at or near term.; Associations between specific placental histological abnormalities and obstetric outcomes are reported. However, most data are based either on high-risk cases or relate to case-control studies selected from those with abnormal placental histology findings, with the unavoidable biases that these approaches entail. This study reports the frequency of the several common, objective and predefined histological abnormalities of the placenta as identified by pathologists blinded to all clinical information. A total 1,153 women were recruited from an unselected population delivering at 34-43 weeks. Histological findings in common obstetric outcome groups were compared to those of the unselected population, and odds ratios and predictive values were calculated. Normal histological findings were present in 72.1% of pregnancies with normal outcomes and in 79.1%, 66.6%, 80%, and 74.8% of pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia (PET), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes (GDM), and small for gestational age (SGA), respectively. Chronic placental underperfusion was seen more frequently in PIH (odds ratio (OR) 2) and SGA (OR 1.4), while villitis of unknown aetiology was observed more commonly in cases with PIH (OR 3.2). Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy was twice as common in cases with GDM whilst massive perivillous fibrin deposition was much more frequent in those with PET (OR 20.2) and SGA (OR 8.9). Chorangiomata were 13 times more common in pregnancies with PET. However, in all cases, positive predictive values were low, with the majority of cases with histological abnormalities being associated with normal outcome. At term, specific placental histological lesions are significantly more common in complicated pregnancies, but the clinical significance of such lesions in a specific case remains uncertain, since the majority will be identified from clinically uncomplicated normal pregnancies.
Cardiac structure and function in youth with type 2 diabetes in the iCARE cohort study: Cross-sectional associations with prenatal exposure to diabetes and metabolomic profiles.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the degree of left ventricular (LV) dysfunction and its determinants in adolescents with type 2 diabetes (T2D). We hypothesized that adolescents with T2D would display impaired LV diastolic function and that these cardiovascular complications would be exacerbated in youth exposed to maternal diabetes in utero. METHODS: Left ventricular structure and function, carotid artery intima media thickness and strain, and serum metabolomic profiles were compared between adolescents with T2D (n = 121) and controls (n = 34). Sub-group analyses examined the role of exposure to maternal diabetes as a determinant of LV or carotid artery structure and function among adolescents with T2D. RESULTS: Adolescents with T2D were 15.1 ± 2.5 years old, (65% female, 99% Indigenous), had lived with diabetes for 2.7 ± 2.2 years, had suboptimal glycemic control (HbA1c = 9.4 ± 2.6%) and 58% (n = 69) were exposed to diabetes in utero. Compared to controls, adolescents with T2D displayed lower LV diastolic filling (early diastole/atrial filling rate ratio [E/A] = 1.9 ± 0.6 vs 2.2 ± 0.6, P = 0.012), lower LV relaxation and carotid strain (0.12 ± 0.05 vs 0.17 ± 0.05, P = .03) and elevated levels of leucine, isoleucine and valine. Among adolescents with T2D, exposure to diabetes in utero was not associated with differences in LV diastolic filling, LV relaxation, carotid strain or branched chain amino acids. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescents with T2D display LV diastolic dysfunction, carotid artery stiffness, and elevated levels of select branch chain amino acids; differences were not associated with exposure to maternal diabetes in utero.
Delay in rat lung alveolarization after the combined exposure of maternal hyperglycemia and postnatal hyperoxia.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes interferes with fetal lung development and postnatal treatments may further disturb pulmonary growth. Therefore, we investigated the effect of postnatal oxygen exposure on alveolar development in neonatal rat lungs pre-exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia. METHODS: Diabetes was induced in Sprague-Dawley rats with streptozotocin injection before pregnancy. Hyperglycemia-exposed and control litters were randomized to breath room air or 85% oxygen for 7 days after birth. Lungs were analyzed on postnatal d7 for weight, morphology, apoptosis, proliferation, and biomarkers of oxidative stress. RESULTS: Maternal hyperglycemia accelerated lung development as demonstrated by thinner alveolar walls and slightly increased secondary septation when compared to room air bred rats. Hyperoxia alone caused thin-walled and enlarged alveoli with few secondary septa. Interestingly, the dual exposure inhibited the thinning of alveolar walls and the disappearance of mesenchymal cells from the alveolar walls together with the delay in the formation of alveoli and secondary crests. While the lungs' oxidative stress was similar in all groups, pulmonary apoptosis and proliferation were altered. CONCLUSION: Our results thus indicate that the hyperglycemic priming of the fetal lung modifies the deleterious effect of hyperoxia on alveolarization in neonatal rats.
Nulliparity and duration of pregnancy in multiple gestation.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to test the hypothesis that nulliparous women with multiple gestations would be more likely to have shorter gestational durations, a higher frequency of previable deliveries, and fewer pregnancy complications when compared with parous women. METHODS: We reviewed the medical records of women who delivered a multiple gestation at 15 or more weeks at 2 institutions between January 1, 1990 and June 30, 2002 (n = 1,035). We recorded demographic data, medical complications, and pregnancy outcomes and analyzed these using paired t tests for continuous variables, chi(2) for categorical variables, and linear regression analysis for the effect of multiple variables on the primary outcome variable, gestational age at delivery. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant difference in mean gestational age at delivery (34 versus 34.9 weeks, P =.006) between the nulliparous and multiparous groups after excluding women with a history of previous preterm birth and/or midtrimester loss. There were no differences between groups in the likelihood of delivering before 20, 24, or 28 weeks. In linear regression analysis, ongoing fetal number (P <.001), premature rupture of membranes (PROM; P <.001), cerclage (P =.002), and death of 1 or more fetuses (P <.001) were associated with shorter gestation. Cesarean delivery was associated with longer gestation (P <.001). Nulliparous women were significantly more likely to have a pregnancy complicated by hypertension (20.8% versus 9.2%, P <.001), diabetes (7% versus 4%, P =.03), or PROM (24.4% versus 17.3%, P =.006). CONCLUSION: Nulliparous women with a multiple gestation deliver their pregnancies, on average, 0.9 weeks earlier than parous women and more frequently experience hypertension, diabetes, and PROM. They are not, however, more likely to deliver before 24 weeks of gestation.
Defining altered fetal growth by second-trimester sonography.; A method of predicting birth weight from a single ultrasound examination between 18-28 weeks' gestation was evaluated prospectively in 315 obstetric patients with singleton pregnancies. Estimated fetal weight at the time of the ultrasound examination was used to predict actual birth weight. At delivery, the percent difference between the projected and actual birth weights was then used to define whether an infant was small, appropriate, or large for gestational age. This method appeared to be accurate and showed identical relationships to the presence of abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in growth-retarded infants as did the traditional birth-weight-for-gestational-age method of defining intrauterine growth retardation.
Macrocephaly-cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita syndrome--prenatal signs in ultrasonography.; A new case of macrocephaly-cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita (M-CMTC) syndrome is described. The patient presented typical congenital findings in utero, although the syndrome was diagnosed postnatally. The M-CMTC syndrome should be considered when there is a marked fetal overgrowth and progressive macrocephaly with no indications of maternal hyperglycemia or fetal hyperinsulinism. Our patient also had unilateral pleural effusion, curved femur and frontal bossing.
Gestational hypertension is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes in adult offspring: the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Women with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes later in life. Offspring born from these hypertensive pregnancies have increased levels of cardiovascular risk factors; whether they are at an increased risk of type 2 diabetes is not known. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the investigation was to study the risk of type 2 diabetes in the adult offspring exposed to maternal preeclampsia or gestational hypertension in utero. STUDY DESIGN: We studied 5335 members of the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study, who were born between 1934 and 1944 and who lived in Finland in 1995 when the National Medication Purchase Register was initiated. We ascertained gestational hypertension and preeclampsia according to modern criteria by using maternal and birth records. We defined type 2 diabetes through purchases of antidiabetic medication recorded in the comprehensive National Medication Purchase Register, excluding the 31 subjects who had purchased only insulin. We used Cox regression to assess hazard ratios for type 2 diabetes. RESULTS: A total of 590 men (21.6%) and 433 women (16.9%) had purchased medication for diabetes. The hazard ratio for type 2 diabetes for offspring exposed to any maternal hypertension in pregnancy was 1.13 (95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.29; n = 1780). For maternal gestational hypertension, it was 1.15 (95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.33; n = 1336) and for preeclampsia 0.98 (95% confidence interval, 0.71-1.34; n = 231). For type 2 diabetes with first medication purchase before 62 years, the corresponding hazard ratios were 1.25 (95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.51); 1.28 (95% confidence interval, 1.05-1.58), and 1.18 (95% confidence interval, 0.75-1.84). The hazard ratios were similar when adjusted for birthweight SD score for gestation, length of gestation, maternal body mass index in late pregnancy, height, age, and parity and for childhood or adult socioeconomic position. An increased risk of type 2 diabetes was also associated with low birthweight SD score, independent of the association with gestational hypertension. CONCLUSION: Offspring exposed to maternal gestational hypertension in utero have an increased risk of type 2 diabetes in late adult life. This finding underlines the role of the whole spectrum of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as risk factors of offspring disease throughout life. It also reinforces previous suggestions that adult health care providers should incorporate birth histories when evaluating an individual's risk to develop type 2 diabetes.
Integrating multiple lines of evidence to assess the effects of maternal BMI on pregnancy and perinatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Higher maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) is associated with adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes. However, whether these associations are causal remains unclear. METHODS: We explored the relation of maternal pre-/early-pregnancy BMI with 20 pregnancy and perinatal outcomes by integrating evidence from three different approaches (i.e. multivariable regression, Mendelian randomisation, and paternal negative control analyses), including data from over 400,000 women. RESULTS: All three analytical approaches supported associations of higher maternal BMI with lower odds of maternal anaemia, delivering a small-for-gestational-age baby and initiating breastfeeding, but higher odds of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, pre-labour membrane rupture, induction of labour, caesarean section, large-for-gestational age, high birthweight, low Apgar score at 1 min, and neonatal intensive care unit admission. For example, higher maternal BMI was associated with higher risk of gestational hypertension in multivariable regression (OR = 1.67; 95% CI = 1.63, 1.70 per standard unit in BMI) and Mendelian randomisation (OR = 1.59; 95% CI = 1.38, 1.83), which was not seen for paternal BMI (OR = 1.01; 95% CI = 0.98, 1.04). Findings did not support a relation between maternal BMI and perinatal depression. For other outcomes, evidence was inconclusive due to inconsistencies across the applied approaches or substantial imprecision in effect estimates from Mendelian randomisation. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings support a causal role for maternal pre-/early-pregnancy BMI on 14 out of 20 adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes. Pre-conception interventions to support women maintaining a healthy BMI may reduce the burden of obstetric and neonatal complications. FUNDING: Medical Research Council, British Heart Foundation, European Research Council, National Institutes of Health, National Institute for Health Research, Research Council of Norway, Wellcome Trust.
Adverse maternofoetal outcomes associated with ionised calcaemia, total calcaemia, albuminaemia, and calcium supplementation in pregnancy: Analysis from a resource-limited setting.; INTRODUCTION: Disorders of total calcium (tCa) in pregnancy have been associated with adverse maternofoetal outcomes. However, studies evaluating this from the viewpoint of ionised calcaemia are practically inexistent. This study estimates the prevalence of some adverse maternal and foetal outcomes and the potential effect of ionised calcium (iCa), tCa, albumin and calcium supplementation on some maternofoetal outcomes. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 1074 pregnant women in late pregnancy from four health facilities in the Nkongsamba Health District. Data were collected by interview, analysis of maternal blood samples and measurement of maternal and foetal parameters. Total calcaemia and albuminaemia were measured by atomic absorption spectrophotometry, while iCa and pH were measured using ion-selective potentiometry. Associations were measured using the odds ratio in simple and multiple logistic regression. RESULTS: The prevalence of low birth weight, macrosomia, and hypertension in pregnancy was 6.27 [4.97-7.89]%, 4.78 [3.65-7.89]%, 10.24 [8.57-12.20]%, respectively. Following multiple logistic regression, women with iCa levels ≤ 1.31mmol/L had significantly increased odds of hypertension in pregnancy (AOR = 2.47 [1.63-3.74], p-value = 0.000), having babies with low birth weight (AOR = 2.02[1.33-3.61], p-value = 0.002), low birth length (AOR = 2.00 [1.34-2.99], p-value = 0.001), low brachial circumference (AOR = 1.41[1.10-1.81], p-value = 0.007), first minute Apgar score < 7 (AOR = 3.08[1.70-5.59], p-value = 0.000) and fifth minute Apgar score < 7 (AOR = 2.86[1.32-6.16], p-value = 0.007). Ionised calcaemia had no significant association with maternal body mass index immediately after birth and the head circumference of the baby. Total calcaemia was found to have no significant association with any of the selected outcomes, while women with total albuminaemia ≤ 30mg/L had significantly higher odds of having babies with low birth weight (AOR = 3.40[1.96-5.91], p-value = 0.000), and Apgar scores < 7 at the first (AOR = 2.07[1.16-3.70], p-value = 0.013). Calcium supplementation showed no significant association with any of the selected outcomes except for the first (OR = 0.42[0.24-0.72], p-value = 0.002) and fifth minute Apgar score (OR = 0.25[0.12-0.50], p-value = 0.000). CONCLUSION: The prevalence of low birth weight, macrosomia, and hypertension in pregnancy was 6.27 [4.97-7.89]%, 4.78 [3.65-7.89]%, 10.24 [8.57-12.20]%, respectively. Maternal iCa levels ≤ 1.31mmol/L significantly increase the odds of having babies with low birth weight, low birth length, low brachial circumference at birth, low Apgar scores at the first and fifth minutes and maternal hypertension in pregnancy. Low maternal albuminaemia is significantly associated with low birth weight, and Apgar score < 7 at the first minute. None f the selected maternofoetal outcomes directly depend on total calcaemia, given that none of the associations was statistically significant. Even though iCa levels remain relatively normal in normal pregnancies, it remains the strongest predictor of foetal outcomes. Calcium supplementation significantly improves the Apgar scores at the first and fifth minute. Routine pregnancy follow-up should include evaluating maternal calcaemic states, particularly the ionised fraction, to detect the low-normal concentrations likely to impact maternal and foetal outcomes. Normal iCa levels for pregnant women need revisiting.
Postpartum health risks among women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, California 2008-2012.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to understand the associations between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and postpartum complications throughout the newly defined 12-week postpartum transition. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of the associations of HDP (any/subtype) with postpartum complications among 2.5 million California births, 2008-2012. We identified complications from discharge diagnoses from maternal hospital encounters (emergency department visits and readmissions) in the 12 weeks after giving birth. We compared rates of complications, overall and by diagnostic category, between groups defined by HDP. In survival analyses, we calculated the adjusted hazard ratios of postpartum complications associated with HDP. We adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy obesity, chronic diabetes, gestational diabetes, insurance, delivery mode, gestational age and birth outcome (term and size). RESULTS: Among women with and without HDP, 12.8 and 7.7%, respectively, had a hospital encounter within 12 weeks of giving birth [adjusted hazard ratio 1.5, 95% confidence interval (95% CI): 1.5-1.5]. HDP was associated with increased risk across all major categories of complications: hypertension-related, adjusted hazard ratio 11.8 (95% CI: 11.2-12.3); childbirth-related, 1.4 (1.3-1.4); and other, 1.4 (1.4-1.4). Risk of any complication differed by hypertensive subtype: chronic hypertension with super-imposed preeclampsia, adjusted hazard ratio 1.8 (95% CI: 1.7-1.8); chronic hypertension, 1.6 (1.6-1.7); preeclampsia/eclampsia, 1.3 (1.3-1.4); and gestational hypertension, 1.2 (1.2-1.3). Over a quarter (28.9%) of maternal hospital encounters occurred more than 6 weeks after giving birth; this did not differ substantially by HDP status. CONCLUSION: Women with HDP are at an increased risk for virtually all postpartum complications, including those not related to hypertension, and may benefit from enhanced and comprehensive postpartum care.
Nucleated red blood cells in healthy infants of women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) counts are elevated in large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants of women with gestational diabetes compared with appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants of women with or without gestational diabetes. METHODS: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts during the first 12 hours of life in three groups of term, vaginally delivered infants, LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), and AGA infants of nondiabetic women (n = 30). We excluded infants of women with hypertension, smoking, alcohol or drug abuse, and those with fetal heart rate abnormalities in labor, low Apgar scores, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies. RESULTS: There were no significant differences among groups in gestational age, gravidity, parity, maternal analgesia, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, and lymphocyte counts. Corrected white blood cell counts and hematocrit were significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes than in the other groups. The median nucleated RBC count was significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.56 x 10(9)/L, range 0-1.8 x 10(9)/L) than AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.13 x 10(9)/L, range 0-0.65 x 10(9)/L) and controls (0.0005 x 10(9)/L, range 0-0.6 x 10(9)/L) (P < .001). Multiple regression analysis showed that absolute nucleated RBC count was significantly correlated with birth weight (or macrosomia) and maternal diabetic status (r2 = .25, P < .001 for the multiple regression, contribution of birth weight r2 = .19, and diabetes r2 = .06). CONCLUSION: At birth, term LGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes had higher absolute nucleated RBC counts compared with AGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes and controls.
Associations of polymetabolic risk of high maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index with pregnancy complications, birth outcomes, and early childhood neurodevelopment: findings from two pregnancy cohorts.; BACKGROUND: A substantial proportion of maternal pregnancy complications, adverse birth outcomes and neurodevelopmental delay in children may be attributable to high maternal pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI). However, BMI alone is insufficient for the identification of all at-risk mothers and children as many women with non-obesity(< 30 kg/m(2)) or normal weight(18.5-24.99 kg/m(2)) and their children may suffer from adversities. Evidence suggests that BMI-related metabolic changes during pregnancy may predict adverse mother-child outcomes better than maternal anthropometric BMI. METHODS: In a cohort of 425 mother-child dyads, we identified maternal BMI-defined metabolome based on associations of 95 metabolic measures measured three times during pregnancy with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI. We then examined whether maternal BMI-defined metabolome performed better than anthropometric BMI in predicting gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, gestational weight gain (GWG), Caesarian section delivery, child gestational age and weight at birth, preterm birth, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and childhood neurodevelopment. Based on metabolic measures with the highest contributions to BMI-defined metabolome, including inflammatory and glycolysis-related measures, fatty acids, fluid balance, ketone bodies, lipids and amino acids, we created a set of maternal high BMI-related polymetabolic risk scores (PMRSs), and in an independent replication cohort of 489 mother-child dyads tested their performance in predicting the same set of mother-child outcomes in comparison to anthropometric BMI. RESULTS: BMI-defined metabolome predicted all of the studied mother-child outcomes and improved their prediction over anthropometric BMI, except for gestational hypertension and GWG. BMI-related PMRSs predicted gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, Caesarian section delivery, admission to NICU, lower gestational age at birth, lower cognitive development score of the child, and improved their prediction over anthropometric BMI. BMI-related PMRSs predicted gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, Caesarean section delivery, NICU admission and child's lower gestational age at birth even at the levels of maternal non-obesity and normal weight. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal BMI-defined metabolome improves the prediction of pregnancy complications, birth outcomes, and neurodevelopment in children over anthropometric BMI. The novel, BMI-related PMRSs generated based on the BMI-defined metabolome have the potential to become biomarkers identifying at-risk mothers and their children for timely targeted interventions even at the level of maternal non-obesity and normal weight.
Main Patterns of Fetal Cardiac Remodeling.; The heart is a central organ in the fetal adaptation to an adverse environment. Fetal cardiac changes may persist postnatally and increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Knowledge about fetal cardiac structural as well as functional remodeling has radically improved over the last few years. As it occurs in postnatal life, the fetal heart remodels - changing its structure and shape - to adapt to an insult. Several conditions have been reported to be associated with fetal cardiac remodeling including intrauterine growth restriction, diabetes, exposure to antiretroviral drugs, conception by assisted reproductive technologies, pulmonary stenosis, and other congenital heart diseases. Here we summarized the main observable patterns of cardiac remodeling, i.e., globular shape, hypertrophy without dilation, and hypertrophy with cardiomegaly. We discuss the potential pathophysiology behind different types of remodeling. Defining precisely the distinct patterns of fetal cardiac remodeling is critical for advancing in the understanding of fetal cardiovascular programming and its consequences on adult health, and potentially for the design of preventive strategies that might have an impact on long-term cardiovascular health.
Agreement between self-reported perinatal outcomes and administrative data in New South Wales, Australia.; BACKGROUND: Many epidemiological studies that focus on pregnancy rely on maternal self-report of perinatal outcomes. The aim of this study was to evaluate the agreement between self-reported perinatal outcomes (gestational hypertension with or without proteinuria, gestational diabetes, premature birth and low birth weight) in a longitudinal study and linked to administrative data (medical records). METHODS: Self-reported survey data from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health was linked with the New South Wales Perinatal Data Collection. Agreement between the two sources was evaluated using percentage agreement and kappa statistics. Analyses were conducted at two levels by: i) the mother and ii) each individual child. RESULTS: Women reliably self-report their perinatal outcomes (≥ 87 % agreement). Gestational hypertension with or without proteinuria had the lowest level of agreement. Mothers' reports of perinatal outcomes were more reliable when evaluated by child. Restricting the analysis to complete and consistent reporting further strengthened the reliability of the child-specific data, increasing the agreement from >92 to >95 % for all outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: The present study offers a high degree of confidence in the use of maternal self-reports of the perinatal outcomes gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth and low birth weight in epidemiological research, particularly when reported on a per child basis. Furthermore self-report offers a cost-effective and convenient method for gathering detailed maternal perinatal histories.
Peroxynitrites and impaired modulation of nitric oxide concentrations in embryos from diabetic rats during early organogenesis.; Maternal diabetes significantly increases the risk of congenital malformation, a syndrome known as diabetic embryopathy. Nitric oxide (NO), implicated in embryogenesis, has been found elevated in embryos from diabetic rats during organogenesis. The developmental signaling molecules endothelin-1 (ET-1) and 15-deoxy delta(12,14)prostaglandin J2 (15dPGJ2) downregulate embryonic NO levels. In the presence of NO and superoxide, formation of the potent oxidant peroxynitrite may occur. Therefore, we investigated peroxynitrite-induced damage, ET-1 and 15dPGJ2 concentrations, and the capability of ET-1, 15dPGJ2 and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) to regulate NO production in embryos from severely diabetic rats (streptozotocin-induced before pregnancy). We found intense nitrotyrosine immunostaining (an index of peroxynitrite-induced damage) in neural folds, neural tube and developing heart of embryos from diabetic rats (P < 0.001 vs controls). We also found reduced ET-1 (P < 0.001) and 15dPGJ2 (P < 0.001) concentrations in embryos from diabetic rats when compared with controls. In addition, the inhibitory effect of ET-1, 15dPGJ2 and PGE2 on NO production found in control embryos was not observed in embryos from severely diabetic rats. In conclusion, both the demonstrated peroxynitrite-induced damage and the altered levels and function of multiple signaling molecules involved in the regulation of NO production provide supportive evidence of nitrosative stress in diabetic embryopathy.
The localization and distribution of corticotropin-releasing hormone in the human placenta and fetal membranes throughout gestation.; Using immunohistochemical techniques, we have determined the localization and distribution of CRH immunoreactivity (CRH-IR) in the human placenta, fetal membranes, decidua, and umbilical cord. Tissues were obtained at 6-8 weeks of pregnancy, at term, in association with premature birth, and from patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension or diabetes mellitus. A polyclonal antibody to the epithelial cell marker cytokeratin was used to identify trophoblast cells. CRH-IR was not detected in placenta or decidua at 6-8 weeks gestation. In tissues obtained after idiopathic premature delivery after 21 weeks gestation, positive CRH staining was found in placenta in syncytiotrophoblast and intermediate trophoblast, but not cytotrophoblast. CRH-IR was present in intermediate trophoblast cells that had invaded maternal blood vessels in decidua basalis. In the fetal membranes, CRH-IR was localized in the epithelium and subepithelial cells of amnion, in the trophoblast layer, in some cells of the reticular and cellular layers of chorion, and in some stromal cells and invasive trophoblast cells of decidua. CRH-IR was found in the amniotic epithelium of the umbilical cord and in the musculature of the umbilical vessels. This pattern of distribution of CRH-IR was found in tissues from 21 weeks gestation to term and postterm, and was similar in tissues examined from patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes mellitus. These results show clearly that in placenta and membranes, CRH is localized primarily to syncytiotrophoblast and intermediate trophoblast, but not to cytotrophoblast cells. We suggest that the localization of CRH-IR is consistent with CRH affecting paracrine/autocrine interactions within the placenta, fetal membranes, and decidua that may be involved in the maturation of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and in the stimulus and maintainance of labor.
A population-based case-control study on the association between rheumatoid arthritis and deep vein thrombosis.; OBJECTIVE: Chronic inflammation has been associated with endothelial dysfunction and altered coagulation status. However, at the present time, the data regarding the risk for developing deep vein thrombosis (DVT) in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is still scanty and conflicted. This study aimed to explore the frequency and association of DVT with RA using a population-based dataset. METHODS: This was a case-control study conducted in Taiwan. A total of 5193 patients with DVT were identified from the Longitudinal Health Insurance Database 2000 (LHID2000) database. In total, 20,772 controls matched with cases in terms of gender, age, and year of index date were randomly selected. We used conditional logistic regression to calculate the odds ratio (OR) for having been previously diagnosed with RA between cases and controls. RESULTS: Of the total 25,965 sampled subjects, 235 (0.9%) had been previously diagnosed with RA. Seventy-seven of these previous diagnoses were found among cases (1.5%) and 158 among controls (0.8%). Conditional logistic regression analysis revealed that cases were more likely to have had prior RA than controls (OR, 1.92; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.46-2.53; P<.001). After adjusting for hospitalization history, pregnancy, fracture, surgery, cancer, inflammatory bowel disease, heart failure, hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, hyperlipidemia, and renal disease, there was still a significant association between DVT and prior RA (OR, 1.88; 95% CI, 1.42-2.58; P<.001). CONCLUSIONS: We found RA to be significantly associated with DVT. Appropriate management should be taken to minimize the risk of DVT in patients with RA. Further study is needed to confirm our findings.
Primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.; Ischemic heart disease is the primary cause of cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in both men and women. Strategies targeting traditional modifiable risk factors are essential - including hypertension, smoking, dyslipidemia and diabetes mellitus - particularly for atherosclerosis, but additionally for stroke, heart failure and some arrhythmias. However, challenges related to education, screening and equitable access to effective preventative therapies persist, and are particularly problematic for women around the globe and those from lower socioeconomic groups. The association of female-specific risk factors (e.g. premature menopause, gestational hypertension, small for gestational age births) with CVD provides a potential window for targeted prevention strategies. However, further evidence for specific effective screening and interventions is urgently required. In addition to population-level factors involved in increasing the risk of suffering a CVD event, efforts are leveraging the enormous potential of blood-based 'omics', improved imaging biomarkers and increasingly complex bioinformatic analytic approaches to strive toward more personalized early disease detection and personalized preventative therapies. These novel tactics may be particularly relevant for women in whom traditional risk factors perform poorly. Here we discuss established and emerging approaches for improving risk assessment, early disease detection and effective preventative strategies to reduce the mammoth burden of CVD in women.
Features of endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord vessels of women with gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased oxidative stress and overexpression of inflammatory cytokines, both of which might lead to endothelial dysfunction and vascular disease. As such, GDM could be viewed as a sort of ‘short lived’ metabolic syndrome. As umbilical cord vessels represent a suitable model for the study of vascular alterations brought about by GDM, the aim of the present work was to characterize the phenotype of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) chronically exposed to hyperglycaemia and to a pro-inflammatory environment during pregnancy so as to identify molecular modifications of cellular homoeostasis eventually impacting on endothelial dysfunction. METHODS AND RESULT: Tissue specimens and HUVECs were obtained from umbilical cords of GDMand control women. As compared to controls, GD-HUVEC exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1(ICAM-1) expression and exposure on plasma membrane after tumour necrosis factor-alpha(TNF-α) stimulation (Western blot, flow cytometer). As compared to control cells, GD-HUVEC in basal conditions exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion, nitric oxide synthase (NOS) expression and activity (eNOS Real-Time polymerase chain reaction, Western Blot for eNOS total protein and monomers/dimers ratio, conversion of [3H]-L-arginine in [3H]-L-citrulline), increased O(-)(2)egeneration together with increased NT levels (immunofluorescence) and reduced NO bioavailability(guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate (cGMP) production, EIA). Furthermore, immunohistochemistry revealed increased eNOS and NT immunoreactivity in GD umbilical cords. CONCLUSION: Endothelial cells exposed in vivo even transiently to hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and inflammation exhibit durable pro-atherogenic modifications.
Oral contraceptives and venous thromboembolism. A case-control study.; To assess the influence of oral contraceptives (OC) on the risk for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in young women, a 5-year case-control study including all women 15-44 years old suffering a first deep venous thrombosis or a first pulmonary embolism from all Danish hospitals, along with 1200 control subjects during the period 1994-1995, was conducted. Of 586 patient and 1200 control subject questionnaires sent out, 523 patient (89.2%) and 1074 control (89.5%) questionnaires were returned with an agreement to participate. After exclusion of women with nonvalid diagnoses, women who were pregnant, and women with previous VTE or acute myocardial infarction (AMI), 375 patients and 1041 control subjects were available for analysis. Potential tested confounders included: body mass index, length of OC use, family history of VTE, AMI, or stroke, smoking habits, coagulopathies, diabetes, years of schooling, certainty of diagnosis, previous births, and treated hypertension during any pregnancy. A multivariate analysis was performed. Estrogen dose had no influence on the risk for VTE. The risk for VTE among current users of OC was primarily influenced by duration of use, with significantly decreasing odds ratios (OR) over time: < 1 year; 5.1 (3.1-8.5); 1-5 years; 2.5 (1.6-4.1); and > 5 years; 2.1 (1.5-3.1), all compared with those for nonusers of OC. This trend was still significant after adjustment for progestin types. Without adjustment for duration of use, current users of OC with second generation (levonorgestrel or norgestimate) and third generation (desogestrel or gestodene) progestins had OR of 1.8 (1.1-2.9) and 3.2 (2.3-4.4), respectively. After correction for duration of use, however, no significant differences were found between users of OC with different types of progestins. In conclusion, OC increase the risk for VTE significantly. The risk among current users of OC is primarily influenced by duration of use. No difference in risk was found according to estrogen dose, and the difference in risk between different types of progestins was not statistically significant after adjustment for duration of use.
The effect of pregnancy on the progression of diabetic retinopathy.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the progression and risk factors of diabetic retinopathy during and after pregnancy in patients with diabetes. METHODS: We checked the medical records of the patients with diabetes who were referred to the Diabetes Center, Tokyo Women's Medical University Hospital (Tokyo, Japan), and were pregnant between August 2004 and September 2010. The patients whose ophthalmic examinations records could not be found (n = 15) were excluded, and thus 93 patients (type 1 = 68, type 2 = 25) were included in the analyses. Data were obtained from the medical record and evaluated. RESULTS: The mean pre-pregnancy HbA1c was 7.1 ± 0.8 %. All patients were encouraged to maintain HbA1c level of under 7.4 % before pregnancy. At baseline, the percentage of patients with no retinopathy was 78 %, with nonproliferative retinopathy 14 %, and with proliferative retinopathy, 8 %. Progression of retinopathy occurred in 16 (17 %) patients. Two (2 %) had loss of visual acuity and 1 (1 %) underwent laser treatment due to progression of retinopathy. Compared with patients who did not show progression, the patients with progression were characterized by longer duration of diabetes (p < 0.00001), presence of diabetic retinopathy before pregnancy (p < 0.00001) and higher blood pressure in the second trimester (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Frequent ophthalmic examination, especially in patients with a long history of diabetes, is recommended, as well as for patients with presence of diabetic retinopathy before pregnancy. In contrast to previous reports, the progression of retinopathy in this study was lower. This is probably due to our patients' pre-pregnancy tight glucose control and the high ratio of patients with no retinopathy at baseline.
Exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and offspring eating behavior: The EPOCH study.; The risk of becoming overweight among offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (GDM) in utero is two-fold higher than in the general population. The responsible mechanisms are likely multifactorial, with some evidence that GDM exposure alters brain satiety signaling, which may impact eating behavior. To better understand these effects, we investigated the relationship between GDM exposure, eating behavior, and total energy intake in 268 adolescents from the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes among Children cohort, who were exposed (n = 50) or not exposed (n = 217) to GDM in utero. Eating behavior was measured by the Eating in the Absence of Hunger in Children and Adolescents (EAH-C) questionnaire, which included subscale scores for Negative Affect, External Stimuli, and Fatigue/Boredom. Total energy intake (kcal/day) was derived from the Block Kid's Food Questionnaire. The associations between GDM exposure and the outcomes of total score and each EAH-C subscale were evaluated in separate multivariable models. In addition to the main predictor, GDM, the models included a GDM-by-sex interaction term and were adjusted for important covariates. The associations between EAH-C total and subscale scores and the outcome of total energy intake were also tested in separate multivariable models. Female offspring exposed to GDM in utero (vs unexposed males and females) were more likely to continue eating beyond satiation due to feelings of boredom and fatigue (β = 0.47, 95% CI: 0.11, 0.83), and in general (EAH-C total score; β = 4.20, 95% CI: 0.56, 7.86) compared to unexposed males. All EAH-C subscale and total scores were significantly, positively associated with higher energy intake (p < 0.05 for all, respectively). Our findings highlight the need for further investigation into the possible early life programming of eating behaviors by GDM exposure in utero.
Relationship between ABO blood group and pregnancy complications: a systematic literature analysis.; Given the expression of ABO blood group antigens on the surface of a wide range of human cells and tissues, the putative interplay of the ABO system in human biology outside the area of transfusion and transplantation medicine constitutes an intriguing byway of research. Thanks to evidence accumulated over more than 50 years, the involvement of the ABO system in the pathogenesis of several human diseases, including cardiovascular, infectious and neoplastic disorders, is now acknowledged. However, there is controversial information on the potential association between ABO blood type and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including pre-eclampsia and related disorders (eclampsia, HELLP syndrome and intrauterine growth restriction), venous thromboembolism, post-partum haemorrhage and gestational diabetes. To elucidate the role of ABO antigens in pregnancy-related complications, we performed a systematic review of the literature published in the past 50 years. A meta-analytical approach was also applied to the existing literature on the association between ABO status and pre-eclampsia. The results of this systematic review are presented and critically discussed, along with the possible pathogenic implications.
New multiple congenital anomalies syndrome in a stillborn infant of consanguinous parents and a prediabetic pregnancy.; We report on a term stillborn female infant with multiple congenital anomalies (MCA) which have not previously been reported as occurring together. The malformations include a first and second branchial arch sequence, ectopia cordis with congenital heart defect, caudal "regression" sequence with absent sacrum and hypoplastic right femur, ectrodactyly, left radial abnormality, islet cell hyperplasia, and skin lesions. The pregnancy was complicated by abdominal cramping with exercise, heavy vaginal bleeding, maternal obesity, and a normal screening glucose tolerance test at 6 months gestation. The infant was born to 20-year-old G3P1SAB2 Mexican-American parents who are first cousins. There was strong maternal family history of adult-onset diabetes. The malformations have some findings in common with those seen in infants of diabetic mothers. Structural defects similar to, but not inclusive of, those in our infant have been reported in 2 sibs born to a prediabetic mother with a first cousin marriage as well as in focal dermal hypoplasia. Parental consanguinity is suggestive of an autosomal recessive disorder. Alternatively, it may represent a combined multifactorial effect making the conceptus more sensitive to metabolic teratogens and thus placing it at increased risk for disruption of normal development.
Single umbilical artery and its associated findings.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate whether the presence of a single umbilical artery is associated with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), fetal demise, or major congenital anomalies. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of all consecutive singleton pregnancies undergoing routine anatomic survey between 1990 and 2007 at a major tertiary medical center. Two dedicated research nurses obtained complete pregnancy outcome data in an ongoing manner. Pregnancies with a diagnosis of single umbilical artery were compared with those with two umbilical arteries. The primary outcomes were IUGR (less than 10th percentile), renal, and cardiac anomalies. Multivariable logistic regression was used to refine the risk association between single umbilical artery and adverse pregnancy outcomes while adjusting for confounding effects. RESULTS: Of 72,373 pregnancies, 64,047 (88.5%) had pregnancy follow-up information and were available for this analysis. There were 392 cases of single umbilical artery (0.61%) diagnosed at anatomic survey; slightly lower than previously reported. Single umbilical artery as compared with double umbilical artery was associated with increased risk of renal anomalies (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 3.0, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.9-4.9, P<.01) and cardiac anomalies (adjusted OR 20.3, 95% CI 13.5-30.4, P<.01). Single umbilical artery was also associated with an increased risk of IUGR (adjusted OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.6-2.7, P<.01), even after excluding all fetuses with known anomalies. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest an increased risk of IUGR when the diagnosis of single umbilical artery is made, making a clinical recommendation for serial growth assessments in the setting of single umbilical artery reasonable.
C-reactive protein and metabolic syndrome in women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: This study evaluates the presence of metabolic syndrome (MS) and its association with C-reactive protein (CRP) and other cardiovascular (CV) risk factors, in a sample of women with and without previous Gestational Diabetes (pGDM). METHODS: One hundred and sixty-six women with pGDM and 98 women (controls) with uncomplicated pregnancy were studied 16 months after delivery. In all women, plasma glucose, insulin, lipid profile, serum uric acid, C-reactive protein, fibrinogen and homocysteine were measured. MS was defined according to NCEP ATPIII criteria. RESULTS: MS was identified in 15 pGDM women (9%) versus 1 control (1%) (p < 0.001). The more frequent metabolic traits were abdominal obesity (36% vs 17%) and low HDL-cholesterol (34% vs 17% in pGDM women and controls, respectively; all p < 0.01). HOMA-R, LDL-cholesterol, fibrinogen, serum uric acid and CRP resulted significantly higher in pGDM women with MS as compared to those without MS after adjustment for BMI. In women with no criteria for MS, only CRP levels were found to be higher in pGDM women compared to controls (p < 0.05). Seventeen percent of pGDM women with no criteria for MS had CRP levels >or=1 mg/L (all controls showed CRP levels <1 mg/L). After a stepwise regression analysis, CRP levels were independently correlated to HOMA-R (r2 = 0.27, p < 0.001) and fibrinogen (r2 = 0.30, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: In our population, MS occurs in a sizable proportion of pGDM women and is associated with increased levels of CRP, fibrinogen, uric acid and LDL-cholesterol. Moreover, higher levels of CRP, a marker of chronic low-grade inflammation, are present in a subset of women with pGDM, independently of MS.
Maternal vascular malperfusion of the placental bed associated with hypertensive disorders in the Boston Birth Cohort.; INTRODUCTION: The associations of maternal conditions, before or during pregnancy, with placental lesions have not been adequately studied in populations. METHODS: In the Boston Birth Cohort, we evaluated associations between three maternal medical conditions (hypertensive disorders [HDs], gestational/pre-gestational diabetes and obesity), and placental histological findings, using a standardized classification system proposed by the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group. Placental pathology diagnoses and clinical data from 3074 mothers with clinical indications who delivered singleton live births at the Boston Medical Center between October 1998 and November 2013 were evaluated. Associations between each maternal condition and maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) of the placental bed and its standardized subgroups were examined using multivariate logistic and multinomial regressions. RESULTS: Women with HDs (chronic hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome) had significantly increased odds of MVM lesions when compared to women with no HD (aOR 2.08 95% CI 1.74-2.50), after adjusting for demographics, substance use, diabetes and body mass index. No significant differences in frequencies or aORs were seen in women with and without diabetes, or across body mass index categories. Co-morbid condition patterns that included HDs were more likely to be associated with MVM than those without. DISCUSSION: Using a standardized classification system, we showed that MVM is strongly and specifically associated with maternal HDs, but not other maternal conditions. Additional studies are needed to confirm and validate our findings, and evaluate the role of maternal vascular lesions of the placental bed in relation to postnatal growth and development of the offspring and effect modifiers.
[Acromegaly and pregnancy: report of six new cases].; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancies in acromegalic women are rare. Data from the literature indicate absence of congenital malformation in newborns, an increase of pituitary adenoma volume rarely clinically symptomatic, an increased risk of gestational diabetes and gravid hypertension in women with non-controlled GH/IGF-1 hypersecretion before gestation. The changes of somatotroph function are rarely described. AIM OF THE STUDY: Report of six new pregnancies in five women with acromegaly. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Before pregnancy three women had incomplete surgical resection of GH-secreting pituitary adenoma, all were treated with somatostatin analogues, and the medical treatment was withdrawal at the diagnosis of gestation. We studied clinical (blood pressure, headaches, visual field), biological (blood glucose concentration) signs, GH and IGF-1 levels were measured during each trimester of pregnancy as well as in post-partum and were compared with pregestational values, MRI of the pituitary performed during the second trimester and in the post-partum were compared with MRI examen before pregnancy. RESULTS: All those pregnancies were normal without gestational diabetes, gravid hypertension and pituitary tumor syndrome. Clinical signs of acromegaly improved in 50 % of the patients, and IGF-1 decreased (22 %) in comparison of pregestational value without significant change in GH levels. No newborn had congenital malformation. CONCLUSION: Pregnancies in those women with acromegaly are uneventful without obstetrical or foetal complication, but a maternal follow-up is necessary in order to diagnose gravid hypertension and gestational diabetes. On the other hand, a clinical monitoring of pituitary tumor syndrome is necessary in women with non-operated GH-secreting macroadenoma before pregnancy. During the first trimester of gestation, an improvement of acromegalic signs can be due to a decrease of IGF-1 levels related to hepatic GH-resistance state secondary to physiological secretion of estrogens during gestation.
Prediction of preeclampsia utilizing the first trimester screening examination.; OBJECTIVE: To derive a prediction rule for preeclampsia and early onset preeclampsia requiring delivery <34 weeks using first trimester maternal, ultrasound, and serum markers. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort study of women enrolled at first trimester screening. Maternal history, demographics, anthropometry, ultrasound parameters, and serum analytes were compared between women with preeclampsia and normal outcome. The prediction rule was derived by Lasso logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: In 2441 women, 108 (4.4%) women developed preeclampsia, and 18 (0.7%) early preeclampsia. Nulliparity, prior hypertension, diabetes, prior preeclampsia, mean arterial pressure, and the log pregnancy-associate pregnancy protein-A multiples of the median were primary risk factors. Prediction rules for preeclampsia/early preeclampsia had an area under the curve of 0.82/0.83 respectively. Preeclampsia was predicted with 49% sensitivity and early preeclampsia with 55% sensitivity for a 10% false positive rate. CONCLUSION: First trimester prediction rules using parameters currently available at first trimester screening identify a significant proportion of women with subsequent preeclampsia.
Multiple Prior Live Births Are Associated With Cardiac Remodeling and Heart Failure Risk in Women.; OBJECTIVE: Greater parity has been associated with cardiovascular disease risk. We sought to find whether the effects on cardiac remodeling and heart failure risk are clear. METHODS: We examined the association of number of live births with echocardiographic measures of cardiac structure and function in participants of the Framingham Heart Study (FHS) using multivariable linear regression. We next examined the association of parity with incident heart failure with preserved (HFpEF) or reduced (HFrEF) ejection fraction using a Fine-Gray subdistribution hazards model in a pooled analysis of n = 12,635 participants in the FHS, the Cardiovascular Health Study, the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, and Prevention of Renal and Vascular Endstage Disease. Secondary analyses included major cardiovascular disease, myocardia infarction and stroke. RESULTS: Among n = 3931 FHS participants (mean age 48 ± 13 years), higher numbers of live births were associated with worse left ventricular fractional shortening (multivariable β -1.11 (0.31); P = 0.0005 in ≥ 5 live births vs nulliparous women) and worse cardiac mechanics, including global circumferential strain and longitudinal and radial dyssynchrony (P < 0.01 for all comparing ≥ 5 live births vs nulliparity). When examining HF subtypes, women with ≥ 5 live births were at higher risk of developing future HFrEF compared with nulliparous women (HR 1.93, 95% CI 1.19-3.12; P = 0.008); by contrast, a lower risk of HFpEF was observed (HR 0.58, 95% CI 0.37-0.91; P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Greater numbers of live births are associated with worse cardiac structure and function. There was no association with overall HF, but a higher number of live births was associated with greater risk for incident HFrEF.
Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients: effects on mother and newborn.; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy is currently considered yet another benefit of kidney transplantation, though doubts still exist concerning the effects of transplantation on the mother and the fetus. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We undertook a retrospective study analyzing 24 pregnancies in 20 kidney transplant recipients between 1986 and 2010. Evaluation was made of different variables related to renal function, both during the pregnancy and afterward, as well as other factors related to the birth and the status of the newborn. RESULTS: The mean age of the kidney transplant recipients was 29 ± 5 years, and the mean time since transplantation was 4.5 years (range = 0.8-12). At the time of pregnancy, the glomerular filtration rate was 59 ± 15 mL/min. Twelve recipients had well-controlled hypertension; none had proteinuria. Renal function and proteinuria remained stable during the pregnancy. There was a significant increase in blood pressure at the end of the pregnancy. It was necessary to raise the dose of calcineurin inhibitor to maintain target levels. No acute rejection episode was observed. One patient had gestational diabetes and two showed preeclampsia. Pregnancy reached term in 20 cases; there were four miscarriages. Delivery was at 36.9 weeks (range = 34-41) and the newborn weight, 2.7 kg (range = 1.5-3.6). One patient had a miscarriage at week 22 and succumbed due to a cardiac arrest during induction of the delivery. Eighteen babies were born healthy; two died. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients is safe if the renal function is adequate before the pregnancy without proteinuria but with a well-controlled blood pressure. In these cases, the maternal complications were similar to those among general population; we detected no increased risk of graft loss.
Oxidative stress and birth defects in infants of women with pregestational diabetes.; Hyperglycemia characteristic of diabetes mellitus triggers pathological processes in fetal development of various structures such as the retina, peripheral nerves, renal glomerulus, and arterial and venous beds. Women with diabetes prior to conception have children with birth defects three to five times more frequently than women without diabetes. There is no specific pattern of birth defects, but the central nervous and cardiovascular systems are the most affected. Hyperglycemia leads to mitochrondrial superoxide radical production, which activates five metabolic pathways that mediate damage leading to diabetic embryopathy. Once oxidative stress is established, there is modification of gene expression controlling embryonic development in critical periods. Vitamin E application in animal models has greatly lowered occurrence of birth defects in embryonic and fetal stages, consistent with an etiologic role for oxidative stress in dysmorphogenesis. Effective metabolic control before and during pregnancy, achieved in Cuba by implementing programs for control of birth defects in children of diabetic pregnant women, has been found effective.
Endothelial dysfunction in pregnancy metabolic disorders.; In recent years, the vascular endothelium has gained attention as a key player in the initiation and development of pregnancy disorders. Endothelium acts as an endocrine organ that preserves the homeostatic balance by responding to changes in metabolic status. However, in metabolic disorders, endothelial cells adopt a dysfunctional function, losing their normal responsiveness. During pregnancy, several metabolic changes occur, in which endothelial function decisively participates. Similarly, when pregnancy metabolic disorders occur, endothelial dysfunction plays a key role in pathogenesis. This review outlines the main findings regarding endothelial dysfunction in three main metabolic pathological conditions observed during pregnancy: gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and obesity and hyperlipidemia. Organ, histological and cellular characteristics were thoroughly described. Also, we focused in discussing the underlying molecular mechanisms involved in the cellular signaling pathways that mediate responses in these pathological conditions.
Change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and its evaluation.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and explore its evaluation methods. METHODS: Totally 96 women with abnormal pregnancies (AP group), 356 women with normal pregnancies (NP group), and 100 women of childbearing age (CBA group) were monitored by the exercise cardiac contractility monitor (ECCM). Phonocardiogram of participants at resting status was recorded by ECCM. The amplitude of first heart sound (S1), the amplitude of second heart sound (S2), cardiac cycle, diastolic duration (D), and systolic duration (S) were detected and then the S1/S2 ratio,the D/S ratio, and heart rate (HR) were calculated. RESULTS: Compared with the CBA group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher and D/S was significantly lower in both AP group and NP group (all P<0.001). Compared with the NP group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher in AP group and D/S was significnatly lower (all P<0.001). A D/S ratio less than 1.1 or S1/S2 ratio higher than 1.8 was associated with higher risk of poor pregnancy outcomes. Among four common pregnancy-associated abnormalities, the level of cardiac reserve was lowest in eclampsia, followed by twins, gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Cardiac reserve is mobilized during pregnancy, and is especially during the abnormal pregnancies due to the heavy cardiac burden. S1/S2 ratio, D/S ratio, and HR are useful in evaluating the cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy.
Peptidome analysis of human milk from women delivering macrosomic fetuses reveals multiple means of protection for infants.; Breastfeeding is associated with a lower incidence of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. While macrosomic infants have a higher risk of developing obesity and other metabolic disorders. Breast milk may contain special nutrients to meet the different growth needs of different infants. Whether mothers make breast milk different to meet the requirement of macrosomic infants is still unknown. Here, we conducted a comparison between mothers delivering macrosomic and non-macrosomic infants in colostrum endogenous peptides. More than 400 peptides, originating from at least 34 protein precursors, were identified by Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS). Out of these, 29 peptides found to be significant differently expressed (|fold change| ≥ 3, P < 0.01). Blastp analysis revealed 41 peptides may have established biological activities, which exhibit immunomodulating, antibacterial action, antioxidation, opioid agonist and antihypertensive activity. Furthermore, we found that peptide located at β-Casein 24-38 AA has antimicrobial effect against E. coli, Y. enterocolitica and S. aureus. While, κ-Casein 89-109 AA-derived peptide plays as a regulator of preadipocyte proliferation. The profile of endogenous peptides from macrosomic term infants is different from non-macrosomic terms. This different peptide expression potentially has specific physiological function to benefit macrosomic infants. Finally, we believe that our research is a meaningfull finding which may add to the understanding of milk peptide physiological action.
Neonatal hypoglycemia.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Hypoglycemia in the newborn may be associated with both acute decompensation and long-term neuronal loss. Studies of the cause of hypoglycemic brain damage and the relationship of hypoglycemia to disorders associated with hyperinsulinism have aided in our understanding of this common clinical finding. RECENT FINDINGS: A recent consensus workshop concluded that there has been little progress toward a precise numerical definition of neonatal hypoglycemia. Nonetheless, newer brain imaging modalities have provided insight into the relationship between neuronal energy deficiency and central nervous system damage. Laboratory studies have begun to reveal the mechanism of hypoglycemic damage. In addition, there is new information about hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia of genetic, environmental, and iatrogenic origin. SUMMARY: The quantitative definition of hypoglycemia in the newborn remains elusive because it is a surrogate marker for central nervous system energy deficiency. Nonetheless, the recognition that hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia, which produces profound central nervous system energy deficiency, is most likely to lead to long-term central nervous system damage, has altered management of children with hypoglycemia. In addition, imaging studies on neonates and laboratory evaluation in animal models have provided insight into the mechanism of neuronal damage.
Association between maternal body mass index during pregnancy, short-term morbidity, and increased health service costs: a population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the impact of maternal body mass index (BMI, kg/m(2)) on clinical complications, inpatient admissions, and additional short-term costs to the National Health Service (NHS) in Scotland. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study using an unselected population database. SETTING: Obstetric units in Scotland, 2003-2010. POPULATION: A total of 124,280 singleton deliveries in 109,592 women with a maternal BMI recorded prior to 16 weeks of gestation. METHODS: Population-based retrospective cohort study of singleton deliveries, with multivariable analysis used to assess short-term morbidity and health service costs. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal and offspring outcomes, number and duration of hospital admissions, and healthcare costs. RESULTS: Using multivariable analysis, in comparison with women of normal weight, women who were overweight, obese, or severely obese had an increased risk of essential hypertension [1.87 (1.18-2.96), 11.90 (7.18-19.72), and 36.10 (18.33-71.10)], pregnancy-induced hypertension [1.76 (1.60-1.95), 2.98 (2.65-3.36), and 4.48 (3.57-5.63)], gestational diabetes [3.39 (2.30-4.99), 11.90 (7.54-18.79), and 67.40 (37.84-120.03)], emergency caesarean section [1.94 (1.71-2.21), 3.40 (2.91-3.96), and 14.34 (9.38-21.94)], and elective caesarean section [2.06 (1.84-2.30), 4.61 (4.06-5.24), and 17.92 (13.20-24.34)]. Compared with women of normal weight, women who were underweight, overweight, obese, or severely obese were associated with an 8, 16, 45, and 88% increase in the number of admissions, respectively, and women who were overweight, obese, or severely obese were associated with a 4, 9, and 12% increase in the duration of stay (all P < 0.001). The additional maternity costs [mean (95% CI), adjusted analyses] for women who were underweight, overweight, obese, or severely obese were £102.27 (£48.49-156.06), £59.89 (£41.61-78.17), £202.46 (£178.61-226.31), and £350.75 (£284.82-416.69), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal BMI influences maternal and neonatal morbidity, the number and duration of maternal and neonatal admissions, and health service costs.
[Procoagulant properties of the amniotic fluid. IV. The acceleration time of thromboplastin in the amniotic fluid in pathologic pregnancy].; With the purpose of know the behaviour of the thromboplastic acceleration time in amniotic fluid, there were analized 390 amniotic fluids, 241 from normal pregnancies and 149 from abnormal pregnancies, of these, 52 from diabetic women, and 97 from hypertensive women. It was found an important increase in T.A.T. with the progress of pregnancy and their usefulness as fetal lung maturity test. It was concluded, that this method is easy, cheap, and highly specific, so it can be the first election test for determination of fetal lung maturity in low resources Obstetric Centers.
Assessment of myocardial fibrosis and microvascular damage in systemic sclerosis by magnetic resonance imaging and coronary angiotomography.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiac involvement in SSc is characterized by myocardial fibrosis, arrhythmias and pericarditis. Prevalence studies have shown variable results. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of cardiac involvement in SSc patients using the non-invasive, highly sensitive diagnostic methods of cardiac MRI and coronary angiotomography. METHODS: We included 62 SSc patients and excluded those with heart disease prior to the onset of SSc, renal failure, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidaemia, arterial hypertension, untreated thyroid disease, cor pulmonale, pregnancy or contraindications to performing cardiac MRI. All underwent clinical and laboratory evaluation, ECG, coronary angiotomography and cardiac MRI. RESULTS: The prevalence of myocardial fibrosis was 45% and was higher in dcSSc (59%) than in lcSSc patients (33%; P = 0.04). The mean left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) was lower in patients with myocardial fibrosis (56%) than in those without fibrosis (63%; P = 0.0009); myocardial fibrosis on MRI was more frequent in the basal-septal segments of the LV. Seventy-nine per cent of patients had subendocardial perfusion defects and these were associated with higher ultrasensitive serum CRP values. There was no association of myocardial fibrosis or microvascular damage with atherosclerosis. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of myocardial fibrosis on MRI attributable to SSc is 45%, is more frequent and severe in dcSSc patients, is associated with lower LVEF and affects mainly basal LV walls. Microvascular damage in SSc is common and is associated with elevated ultrasensitive CRP levels. Cardiac damage due to SSc is not associated with coronary artery disease.
Effect of maternal diabetes on the expression of genes regulating fetal brain glucose uptake.; Diabetes alters adult brain glucose uptake and glucose transporter 1 gene expression. To investigate the effect of diabetes on genes regulating fetal brain glucose uptake, we examined the effect of moderate (blood glucose 10-16.7 mM, normoinsulinemia) and severe (blood glucose > 16.8 mM, hypoinsulinemia) maternal diabetes on the expression of genes regulating fetal brain glucose uptake in the genetically nonobese diabetic mouse. In the moderately diabetic state, a 50% decline in fetal brain GLUT1 mRNA levels was associated with a 20% increase in the corresponding GLUT1 protein levels. Simultaneously, although fetal brain GLUT3 mRNA and protein levels were barely detectable, no change in hexokinase I enzyme mRNA, protein (115,000 and 100,000 M(r)) or activity, was noted. In the severe form of maternal diabetes GLUT1 protein was unchanged, GLUT3 protein levels remained low, and a 2- to 3-fold increase in the lower molecular form of the hexokinase I protein (100,000 M(r)) and enzyme activity occurred. These observations suggest that moderate and severe forms of maternal diabetes do not affect the fetal brain glucose transporter levels to a physiologically significant extent. The severe form of maternal diabetes, however, enhances 1.5- to 3-fold the expression and activity of hexokinase I. This enzyme mediates the rate-limiting step in brain glucose metabolism, namely the intracellular conversion of glucose to glucose-6-phosphate.
Prenatal events and genetic factors in epileptic patients with neuronal migration disorders.; Because disorders of neuronal migration to cerebral cortex in humans are believed to occur in the first half of gestation, prenatal events or genetic factors are suspected to have a pathogenetic role. We evaluated this by comparing the frequency of potentially harmful prenatal events and of genetic factors in a series of 40 patients (38 with epilepsy) with neuronal migration disorders (NMD) and in 40 epileptic controls, using a predetermined standardized questionnaire to minimize interviewer bias. Potentially harmful prenatal events (significant maternal physical trauma, ingestion of medications, exposure to roentgenograms, infections, uterine or metabolic abnormalities) were reported in the pregnancy histories of 58% of patients with NMD but in only 15% of epileptic controls (p = 0.0002). In contrast, peri- and postnatal potentially relevant etiologic factors were reported in the histories of only 22% of patients with NMD but in 50% of the epileptic controls (p = 0.01). Genetic factors (a family history of epilepsy, mental retardation, or congenital malformations of the CNS) were noted in 13 and 20% of the families, respectively. Stillbirths occurred only in the group with NMD, accounting for 3.06% of sibling pregnancies. The findings suggest that prenatal potentially harmful environmental events play a central role in the pathogenesis of NMD in humans.
Gestational Diabetes and Incident Heart Failure: A Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of heart failure (HF). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using information from the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We identified all women in Ontario with a GDM diagnosis with a live birth singleton delivery between 1 July 2007 and 31 March 2018. Women with diabetes or HF before pregnancy were excluded. GDM was defined based on laboratory test results and diagnosis coding. The primary outcome was incident HF hospitalization over a period extending from the index pregnancy until 31 March 2019. The secondary outcome was prevalent peripartum cardiomyopathy at index pregnancy. Estimates of association were adjusted for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS: Among 906,319 eligible women (mean age 30 years [SD 5.6], 50,193 with GDM [5.5%]), there were 763 HF events over a median follow-up period of 7 years. GDM was associated with a higher risk of incident HF (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.62 [95% CI 1.28, 2.05]) compared with no GDM. This association remained significant after accounting for chronic kidney disease, postpartum diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease (aHR 1.39 [95% CI 1.09, 1.79]). GDM increased the odds of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio 1.83 [95% CI 1.45, 2.33]). CONCLUSIONS: In a large observational study, GDM was associated with an increased risk of HF. Consequently, diabetes screening during pregnancy is suggested to identify women at risk for HF.
The incidence of fetal asphyxia in six hundred high-risk monitored pregnancies.; Six hundred high-risk monitored obstetric patients were reviewed for evidence of fetal asphyxia at delivery. The over-all incidence was 20 per cent, i.e., 8 times the incidence in a normal obstetric population. Highly significant indicators of risk for asphyxia were severe toxemia (79 per cent), prematurity with further medical or obstetric complications (36 per cent), and clinical fetal distress, particularly meconium staining with fetal heart rate abnormality (33 per cent). All obstetric, medical, or gestational complications in this review were associated with an increased risk for fetal asphyxia when compared to that in a normal obstetric population.
[The therapeutic role of tocolysis].; In twin pregnancies, the use of beta-adrenergics is associated with a significantly higher incidence of cardiovascular complications, and calcium channel blockers as well as oxytocin antagonists currently appear as first line agents. After extreme preterm delivery of the first twin and in selected patients, the birth of second twin may be delayed with a mean gain of 10-50 days. In cases of symptomatic placenta previa with mild-to-moderate bleeding, tocolytic agents may be associated with a prolongation of pregnancy and increased birth weight without significant impact on frequency or severity of bleeding. Calcium channel blockers are the drugs of choice in the event of diabetes. Indomethacin is a potent tocolytic, in particular in patients with polyhydramnios. However, it may cause oligohydramnios, premature closure of the ductus arteriosus and intrauterine fetal death when high doses are administered for a duration exceeding 48 to 72 hours, particularly beyond 32 weeks' gestation. The neonatal complications of indomethacin occur frequently. Tocolysis appears to reduce the failure rate of external cephalic version at term.
Dichotomy in the Impact of Elevated Maternal Glucose Levels on Neonatal Epigenome.; CONTEXT: Antenatal hyperglycemia is associated with increased risk of future adverse health outcomes in both mother and child. Variations in offspring's epigenome can reflect the impact and response to in utero glycemic exposure, and may have different consequences for the child. OBJECTIVE: We examined possible differences in associations of basal glucose status and glucose handling during pregnancy with both clinical covariates and offspring cord tissue DNA methylation. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study included 830 mother-offspring dyads from the Growing Up in Singapore Towards Healthy Outcomes cohort. The fetal epigenome of umbilical cord tissue was profiled using Illumina HumanMethylation450 arrays. Associations of maternal mid-pregnancy fasting (fasting plasma glucose [FPG]) and 2-hour plasma glucose (2hPG) after a 75-g oral glucose challenge with both maternal clinical phenotypes and offspring epigenome at delivery were investigated separately. RESULTS: Maternal age, prepregnancy body mass index, and blood pressure measures were associated with both FPG and 2hPG, whereas Chinese ethnicity (P = 1.9 × 10-4), maternal height (P = 1.1 × 10-4), pregnancy weight gain (P = 2.2 × 10-3), prepregnancy alcohol consumption (P = 4.6 × 10-4), and tobacco exposure (P = 1.9 × 10-3) showed significantly opposite associations between the 2 glucose measures. Most importantly, we observed a dichotomy in the effects of these glycemic indices on the offspring epigenome. Offspring born to mothers with elevated 2hPG showed global hypomethylation. CpGs most associated with the 2 measures also reflected differences in gene ontologies and had different associations with offspring birthweight. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that 2 traditionally used glycemic indices for diagnosing gestational diabetes may reflect distinctive pathophysiologies in pregnancy, and have differential impacts on the offspring's DNA methylome.
Oxidative stress causes vascular dysfunction in the placenta.; Increased production of superoxide and nitric oxide may produce oxidative stress in the placenta by formation of the prooxidant peroxynitrite, which itself causes vascular dysfunction. Nitrotyrosine residues, which are a marker of peroxynitrite formation and action, are found in placental vessels of preeclamptic and diabetic pregnancies, indicating oxidative stress. Treatment of the placental vasculature with authentic peroxynitrite in vitro attenuates responses both to vasoconstrictors such as the thromboxane mimetic U46619 and to vasodilators, including glyceryl trinitrate and prostacyclin, indicating it has caused vascular dysfunction. Further, the responses of the fetal-placental vasculature of diabetic and preeclamptic placentae to these same vasoconstrictor and vasodilator agents are significantly attenuated when compared to responses in normal control placentae. Together these data suggest there may be a cause and effect relationship between formation and action of peroxynitrite and vascular dysfunction in the placenta of both preeclamptic and diabetic pregnancies. The presence of such attenuated vascular responses indicates that perhaps the placenta may not be able to adequately respond to demands for altered blood flow in situations where this is necessary in preeclamptic or diabetic pregnancies, thus leading to further fetal compromise.
Offspring of normal and diabetic rats fed saturated fat in pregnancy demonstrate vascular dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: Disturbances of the in utero environment may "program" for disease in later life. In this study, we determined whether dietary fat supplementation and/or diabetes in pregnancy can adversely affect vascular function in the offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a breeding diet or a diet high in saturated fat (30% wt/wt) for 10 days before mating, throughout pregnancy, and postpartum. Endothelium-dependent relaxation to acetylcholine was blunted in isolated femoral arteries of 15-day-old weanling pups from dams fed the 30%-fat diet. Endothelial dysfunction and enhanced constrictor responses to norepinephrine were also observed in an additional study of 60-day-old offspring of dams fed 20% saturated fat. Rats with streptozotocin-induced diabetes were also fed saturated fat during pregnancy. Femoral arteries from their 15-day-old offspring showed impairment of endothelium-dependent dilation and enhanced constrictor responses to norepinephrine and the thromboxane mimetic U46619 compared with young offspring of high-fat-fed normal dams. The 30%-fat diet was also deleterious to vascular function in the maternal diabetic animals when assessed in mesenteric arteries 16 days postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: A high-fat diet in pregnancy led to vascular dysfunction in rat weanlings and young adult offspring. Vascular function further deteriorated in weanlings if the maternal rat was diabetic.
Investigation of nonimmune hydrops fetalis: multidisciplinary studies are necessary for diagnosis--review of 94 cases.; This review of 94 cases of nonimmune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) over a 10-year period was undertaken to evaluate the frequency of this pathology among fetal and infant deaths and to determine the most common likely etiologies in a northeastern region of France. NIHF represented 6% of the fetal deaths examined in our laboratory. The combination of findings from morphologic examination of the placenta and fetus with the results of microbiological and cytogenetic investigations (conventional cytogenetic study, fluorescent in situ hybridization [FISH], or DNA ploidy image analysis) led to an etiologic diagnosis for NIHF in two-thirds of the cases and suggested a diagnosis in an additional 23% of cases. The most common causes of NIHF were chromosome abnormalities (33%), infections (16%), and cardiac pathology (13.8%). The detection of a cause for NIHF is important for genetic counseling and management of subsequent pregnancies. Our experience suggests that a diagnosis is possible in a large majority of NIHF when obstetricians and pathologists carefully coordinate the management of prenatal and postnatal investigations and when new techniques, such as molecular biology and DNA quantification, are used.
Fetal behavior in diabetic and nondiabetic pregnant women: An exploratory study.; To characterize differential behavior and the relationship between maternal blood glucose levels and behavior in fetuses of diabetic (n = 10) and nondiabetic (n = 20) women at 33 and 36 weeks gestational age (GA), spontaneous changes in fetal heart rate (FHR), body and breathing movements, and vibroacoustic stimulus elicited (3 stimulus/3 no-stimulus control trials) FHR changes and body movements were compared. Measures of maternal blood glucose levels were obtained immediately following testing; measures varied within normal range. Spontaneous behaviors showed no differences between groups and no relationship to maternal blood glucose levels. Sensory stimulation elicited similar average peak FHR accelerations (M = 17. 1/20.0 BPM) and average movement scores (2.0/2.6) across groups. In the diabetic group at 33 weeks GA, the nature of the FHR change over time, showed more varied patterns of response, a shorter latency to peak acceleration, was less organized, and less mature; as average maternal blood glucose levels increased, elicited body movements decreased. These findings suggest immaturity and differential functional development of sensory-motor response systems in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
Second-trimester multifetal pregnancy reduction facilitates prenatal diagnosis before the procedure.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the pregnancy outcome of selective second-trimester multifetal pregnancy reduction (MFPR) compared to first-trimester MFPR. DESIGN: Cohort analysis. SETTING: In Vitro Fertilization Unit, Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, Tel Aviv, Israel. PATIENT(S): The study groups comprised 38 and 70 patients who underwent selective second-trimester MFPR (group 1) and first-trimester MFPR (group 2) at mean gestational ages of 19.7 +/- 3.3 weeks and 11.7 +/- 0.7 weeks, respectively. INTERVENTION(S): Ultrasonographically guided intracardiac injection of potassium chloride (KCl) solution. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Pregnancy outcome and obstetric complications. RESULT(S): No statistically significant difference was found between group 1 and group 2 regarding mean gestational age at delivery (35.4 +/- 3.4 weeks and 35.9 +/- 3.1 weeks, respectively); mean birth weight (2,318.9 +/- 565.7 g and 2, 138.1 +/- 529.4 g); and the incidence of obstetric complications. These complications included pregnancy loss (5.2% and 15.7%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (0 and 10%), discordancy (12% and 18. 4%), intrauterine growth restriction (0 and 40%), and gestational diabetes (0% and 6%). However, the rate of all pregnancy complications was lower among second-trimester MFPR patients. CONCLUSION(S): Selective second-trimester MFPR is associated with favorable perinatal outcome and may facilitate detection of structural and chromosomal anomalies before the procedure and selective reduction of the affected fetus.
Pregnancy Serum DLK1 Concentrations Are Associated With Indices of Insulin Resistance and Secretion.; CONTEXT: Delta like noncanonical notch ligand 1 (DLK1) is a paternally expressed imprinted gene that encodes an epidermal growth factor repeat-containing transmembrane protein. A bioactive, truncated DLK1 protein is present in the circulation and has roles in development and metabolism. OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate links between maternal pregnancy circulating DLK1 concentrations and: (1) maternal and fetal DLK1 genotypes, (2) maternal insulin resistance and secretion, and (3) offspring size at birth. PATIENTS, DESIGN, AND SETTING: We measured third-trimester maternal serum DLK1 concentrations and examined their associations with parentally transmitted fetal and maternal DLK1 genotypes, indices of maternal insulin resistance and secretion derived from 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests performed around week 28 of pregnancy, and offspring size at birth in 613 pregnancies from the Cambridge Baby Growth Study. RESULTS: Maternal DLK1 concentrations were associated with the paternally transmitted fetal DLK1 rs12147008 allele (P = 7.8 × 10-3) but not with maternal rs12147008 genotype (P = 0.4). Maternal DLK1 concentrations were positively associated with maternal prepregnancy body mass index (P = 3.5 × 10-6), and (after adjustment for maternal body mass index) with both maternal fasting insulin resistance (Homeostatic Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance: P = 0.01) and measures of maternal insulin secretion in response to oral glucose (insulinogenic index: P = 1.2 × 10-3; insulin disposition index: P = 0.049). Further positive associations were found with offspring weight (P = 0.02) and head circumference at birth (P = 0.04). CONCLUSION: These results are consistent with a partial paternal or placental origin for the maternal circulating DLK1 which may lead to increased maternal circulating DLK1 concentrations, stimulation of maternal insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinemia during pregnancy, and the promotion of fetal growth.
Outcome of fetuses in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of pregestational diabetes on pregnancy outcome. METHODS: Data of 126 women with pregestational diabetes prospectively collected and controlled in a single tertiary center. HbA(1C) levels at early pregnancy were registered. Adverse pregnancy outcome was defined as spontaneous abortion, congenital defect, stillbirth, or neonatal death. RESULTS: There were 10 spontaneous abortions (7.9%) and 17 fetuses with congenital anomalies (13.4%), including 8 major malformations (6.3%). Compared with pregnancies with a favorable outcome, a higher HbA(1C) concentration in early pregnancy was observed in pregnancies with adverse perinatal outcome [mean (SD): 6.3 (1.6) vs. 7.2 (1.7), P=0.001]. A positive correlation between increased maternal HbA(1C) levels and the rate of fetal malformations was observed, and the group of women with poor metabolic control (early maternal HbA(1c) concentration >7%) showed a 3 to 5-fold increase in the major malformation rate. Cardiovascular and genitourinary defects accounted for 58.8% of the anomalies, and the ultrasound examinations detected seven of them (41.2%). For major malformations, the detection rate was 50% (4/8). Perinatal mortality rate was 26 per thousand (3/116). There was almost 5-fold increase in the total pregnancy loss rate in the poor control group compared with the group with fair control [22.2% vs. 5.3%, OR (95% CI): 5.1 (1.4-17.1)]. Only 11.9% of mothers used a preconception care program. CONCLUSIONS: Pregestational diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for the developing fetus. Spontaneous abortions and congenital defects are more common when a poor metabolic control is present in early pregnancy. It is most important to improve access to preconception care programs for achieving a good metabolic control in early pregnancy. Ultrasound examinations have a low performance for detecting congenital defects in diabetic pregnancies.
Non-genetic risk factors for holoprosencephaly.; Holoprosencephaly (HPE) is a congenital defect of the brain characterized by incomplete cleavage of the embryonic forebrain into left and right hemispheres. Although a substantial proportion of cases of HPE can be attributed to genetic abnormalities, the etiology in many cases remains unknown, with non-genetic risk factors believed to be important contributors. Due to the low birth prevalence of this defect, it has proven difficult to conduct studies of sufficient size to identify risk factors with certainty. This article provides a summary of non-genetic risk factors for HPE that have been investigated in case reports and case series, animal studies, and epidemiologic studies, including maternal illnesses, therapeutic and non-therapeutic exposures, nutritional factors, and sociodemographic factors. The article also highlights challenges in study design and further areas for research to better understand the etiology of HPE.
Recurrence risk of preeclampsia in a linked population-based cohort: Effects of first pregnancy maximum diastolic blood pressure and gestational age.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate preeclampsia occurrence and recurrence risk in the 2nd pregnancy and analyze associated risk factors such as 1st pregnancy maximum diastolic blood pressure (maxDBP) and gestational age at delivery (GA). STUDY DESIGN: Linked cohort of 1st and 2nd pregnancies of 272,551 women from the Dutch Perinatal Registry collected between 2000 and 2007. We defined preeclampsia as hypertension (maxDBP ≥90 mmHg or documented hypertension) plus proteinuria (≥300 mg/24 h) and analyzed its 2nd pregnancy occurrence with logistic regression. Early and late onset preeclampsia were defined by delivery before and after the 34th week, respectively. RESULTS: Preeclampsia prevalences in the 1st and 2nd pregnancies were 2.5% and 0.9%, respectively. Women with prior preeclampsia had a 10.5% risk of recurrence. For women with term 1st pregnancies and maxDBP <80 mmHg, the 2nd pregnancy preeclampsia rate was 0.2% (95% CI 0.17%-0.23%), while for those whom presented maxDBP ≥110 mmHg it was 4.2% (95% CI 3.6%-4.8%). First pregnancy late onset preeclampsia was associated with increased preeclampsia recurrence risk proportional to 1st pregnancy maxDBP: in women with a maxDBP between 100 and 109 mmHg the recurrence risk was 8.3%, while for women with a maxDBP ≥110 mmHg this risk was 11% (difference 2.7%; 95% CI 1.0%-4.4%). In 1st pregnancy early onset preeclampsia corresponding rates were 14.8% and 19.3% (difference 4.5%; 95% CI -1.3%-9.7%). CONCLUSION: Preeclampsia recurrence risk is 10%. Preeclampsia risk in the 2nd pregnancy increases proportionally to 1st pregnancy maxDBP. Earlier onsets of 1st pregnancy preeclampsia further increase recurrence risk.
Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) drives postprandial hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in pregnant women with a history of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass operation.; BACKGROUND: The influential role of incretin hormones on glucose metabolism in patients with a history of Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) has been investigated thoroughly, but there has been little examination of the effect of incretins and ectopic lipids on altered glucose profiles, especially severe hypoglycemia in pregnant women with RYGB. METHODS: In this prospective clinical study, an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), an intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT), and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) were conducted in 25 women with RYGB during pregnancy, 19 of normal weight (NW) and 19 with obesity (OB) between the 24th and the 28th weeks of pregnancy, and 3 to 6 months post-partum. Post-partum, the ectopic lipid content in the liver, heart, and skeletal muscle was analyzed using (1)H-magnetic resonance spectroscopy ((1)H-MRS). RESULTS: RYGB patients presented with major fluctuations in glucose profiles, including a high occurrence of postprandial hyperglycemic spikes and hypoglycemic events during the day, as well as a high risk of hypoglycemic periods during the night (2.9 ± 1.1% vs. 0.1 ± 0.2% in the OB and vs. 0.8 ± 0.6% in the NW groups, p < 0.001). During the extended OGTT, RYGB patients presented with exaggerated expression of GLP-1, which was the main driver of the exaggerated risk of postprandial hypoglycemia in a time-lagged correlation analysis. Basal and dynamic GLP-1 levels were not related to insulin sensitivity, insulin secretion, or beta cell function and did not differ between pregnant women with and without GDM. A lower amount of liver fat (2.34 ± 5.22% vs.5.68 ± 4.42%, p = 0.015), which was positively related to insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance, HOMA-IR: rho = 0.61, p = 0.002) and beta-cell function (insulinogenic index: rho = 0.65, p = 0.001), was observed in the RYGB group after delivery in comparison to the OB group. CONCLUSION: GLP-1 is mainly involved in the regulation of postprandial glucose metabolism and therefore especially in the development of postprandial hypoglycemia in pregnant RYGB patients, who are characterized by major alterations in glucose profiles, and thus in long-term regulation, multiple organ-related mechanisms, such as the lipid content in the liver, must be involved.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) and the proform of the eosinophil major basic protein (ProMBP) are associated with increased risk of death in heart failure patients.; Risk stratification and patient management in heart failure (HF) is difficult due to the unpredictable progression of the disease, necessitating the development of reliable diagnostic biomarkers to facilitate decision-making in clinical practice. Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) is a marker of arteriosclerotic heart disease. PAPP-A is a serum protease, which is involved in the insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) axis where it is inhibited by the proform of the eosinophil major basic protein (proMBP). In this study, we evaluated serum PAPP-A and proMBP as long-term prognostic biomarkers of all-cause mortality in HF. Serum PAPP-A and proMBP concentrations were determined in 683 patients with NYHA III-IV HF recruited in the EchoCardiography and Heart Study (ECHOS) in Denmark. The mean age of the patients (73% male) was 70 at admission. During 7 years of follow-up, 516 patients died. In univariate analysis, both PAPP-A and proMBP, divided into quartiles, showed significant association with mortality. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, hazard ratios for continuous values of PAPP-A and proMBP were HR = 1.42 (CI = 1.23-1.64, p < 0.0001) and HR = 1.36 (CI = 1.22-1.51, p <0.0001), respectively. However, neither PAPP-A nor proMBP were significant independent predictors when the model included age, gender, brain-type natriuretic peptide, medical history of HF, ischemic heart disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and diabetes mellitus. In conclusion, high levels of PAPP-A and proMBP are associated with increased risk of death from all causes in HF and are potential prognostic markers of adverse outcomes in HF patients.
Risk of orofacial clefts in relation to maternal body mass index, diabetes and hypertension.; BACKGROUND: To investigate if maternal body mass index, diabetes and hypertension are associated with orofacial clefts. METHODS: Case-control study. Information from 53,188 live births with and without orofacial cleft registered at USA Vital Statistics Natality Birth Data between 2017 and 2021. Case group consisted of all affected live births diagnosed with orofacial clefts (13,297 cases). Comparison group consisted of 39,891 live births without clefts or any other congenital malformation. Information about orofacial cleft cases were compared with the comparison group. The unadjusted and adjusted Odds Ratios were estimated to evaluate the strength of association between mother's pre-pregnancy body mass index, maternal diabetes and hypertension and orofacial cleft occurrence, assuming a p value < 0.05 and 95% confidence intervals (95% C.I.) for statistically significant differences. RESULTS: Mother's pre-pregnancy body mass index, maternal diabetes and maternal hypertension are conditions associated with an increased risk of orofacial cleft development in the child (OR = 1.08, p = 0.004, 95% C.I. = 1.024-1.149; OR = 1.32, 95%, p = 0.000, 95% C.I. = 1.202-1.444; and OR = 1.35, p = 0.000, 95% C.I. = 1.239-1.484; respectively). Maternal ethnicity, sex of infant, and cigarette smoking pregnancy remained as covariates after adjustments in all logistic regression models. CONCLUSION: Due to the increased prevalence of obesity, diabetes, and hypertension, and also to their association with congenital malformations, such as clefts, it is recommended that mothers planning to become pregnant to follow healthy habits, maintain healthy weight, and be screened for possible diabetes or hypertension prior to conception and early in pregnancy.
Fetal Monitoring of Patients Diagnosed with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus - A Case Report.; We report a case of pathological foetal Doppler velocity, specifically the absence of end diastolic flow in the umbilical artery (AEDV/REDV), suspected diabetic pregnancy and mesangioproliferative glomerulonephritis, at 32 weeks of gestation. The foetal heart rate tracings were evaluated using a computerised cardiotocogram (Oxford Sonicaid system 8002 Chichester, England) 1 for 20-30 min parallel to the routine cardiotocogram. The ultrasound control at 33 weeks of gestation showed oligohydramnion, foetal centralisation and reduced interval foetal growth. Due to small gestational age (SGA) and oligohydramnion, labour was induced at 36 weeks gestation with vaginal prostaglandin and an amniotomy. Due to cephalopelvic disproportion, a Caesarean section was performed. Signs and symptoms of neonatal lupus were not found.
Pregnancy: a stress test for life.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review describes how the physiological demands of pregnancy act as a maternal stress test that can predict a woman's health in later life. Pregnancy transiently catapults a woman into a metabolic syndrome that predisposes to vascular endothelial dysfunction. Women who are already predisposed to this phenotype develop gestational hypertension or diabetes mellitus, which re-emerge in later life as the metabolic syndrome returns. Pregnancy can also temporarily unmask sub-clinical disease, which may return in later life when the effects of ageing diminish the limited reserves of a vulnerable organ. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent studies have attempted to assess how gestational syndromes affect the risk for a woman of developing a diverse range of diseases in later life. As well as cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus, pregnancy can reveal a vulnerability to thyroid and pituitary disorders, liver and renal disease, depression, thrombosis and even cancer. SUMMARY: Although our knowledge of this phenomenon is incomplete, women who have had gestational syndromes, in particular pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, should make lifestyle changes that will reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease in later life.
Pregnancy outcome following recurrent spontaneous abortions.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of the present study was to examine the association between spontaneous consecutive recurrent abortions and pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders, abruptio placenta, intrauterine growth restriction and cesarean section (CS) in the subsequent pregnancy. METHODS: A population-based study comparing all singleton pregnancies in women with and without two or more consecutive recurrent abortions was conducted. Deliveries occurred during the years 1988-2002. Stratified analysis, using a multiple logistic regression model was performed to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period 154,294 singleton deliveries occurred, with 4.9% in patients with history of recurrent consecutive abortions. Using a multivariate analysis, with backward elimination, the following complications were significantly associated with recurrent abortions-advanced maternal age, cervical incompetence, previous CS, diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, placenta previa and abruptio placenta, mal-presentations and PROM. A higher rate of CS was found among patients with previous spontaneous consecutive recurrent abortions (15.9% versus 10.9%; OR = 1.6; 95% CI, 1.5-1.7; P < 0.001). Another multivariate analysis was performed, with CS as the outcome variable, controlling for confounders such as placenta previa, abruptio placenta, diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, previous CS, mal-presentations, fertility treatments and PROM. A history of recurrent abortion was found as an independent risk factor for CS (OR = 1.2; 95% CI, 1.1-1.3; P < 0.001). About 58 cases of inherited thrombophilia were found between the years 2000-2002. These cases were significantly more common in the recurrent abortion as compared to the comparison group (1.2% versus 0.1%; OR = 11.1; 95% CI, 6.5-18.9; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: A significant association exists between consecutive recurrent abortions and pregnancy complications such as placental abruption, hypertensive disorders and CS. This association persists after controlling for variables considered to coexist with recurrent abortions. Careful surveillance is required in pregnancies following recurrent abortions, for early detection of possible complications.
Hypertension in pregnancy as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease later in life.; OBJECTIVE: The association between hypertension in pregnancy and future cardiovascular disease (CVD) increasingly is recognized. We aimed to assess the role of hypertension in pregnancy as an independent risk factor for hypertension, coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke later in life. METHODS: Women who participated in the Phase 2 (2000-2004) Family Blood Pressure Program study (n = 4782) were categorized into women with no history of pregnancy lasting more than 6 months (n = 718), women with no history of hypertension in pregnancy (n = 3421), and women with a history of hypertension in at least one pregnancy (n = 643). We used Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazard models to estimate and contrast the risks of subsequent diagnoses of hypertension, CHD, and stroke among the groups. RESULTS: Women with a history of hypertension in pregnancy, compared with those without such a history, were at increased risks for the subsequent diagnoses of hypertension (50% hypertensive at the age 53 vs. 60, P < 0.001), CHD (14% estimated event rate vs. 11%, P = 0.009), and stroke (12% estimated event rate vs. 5%, P < 0.001). The increased risk for subsequent hypertension remained significant after controlling for race, family history of CVD, smoking, dyslipidemia, and diabetes mellitus, with an adjusted hazard ratio of 1.88 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.49-2.39, P < 0.001]. After controlling for traditional risk factors, including subsequent hypertension, the increased risk for stroke remained statistically significant (hazard ratio 2.10, 95% CI 1.19-3.71, P = 0.01), but not for CHD. CONCLUSION: Hypertension in pregnancy may be an independent risk factor for subsequent diagnoses of hypertension and stroke.
[Risks factors of cesarean delivery after 3hours of delayed pushing].; OBJECTIVES: Identify the factors associated with caesarean delivery for unengaged fetal head beyond 3hours of passive second stage of labor, among primiparous patients. METHODS: A case-control study conducted in level III universitary center between October 2012 and September 2015. Only primiparous at term, with a singleton, cephalic fetus and a passive second stage of labor prolonged over 3hours before pushing were included. During the second stage of labor, patients who had caesarean for abnormal fetal heart rate were excluded. Risk factors of cesarean were analyzed with univariate analysis and after statistical adjustment using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: The mean passive second stage duration was significantly longer among patients who had a caesarean (3h37±21min vs 3h13±19min [P=0,0001]). After multivariate logistic regression, factors associated with a risk of caesarean were body mass index higher than 30kg/m(2) (OR=25.9 [3.1-215.9]). fetal macrosomia suspected by 3rd trimester ultrasound (OR=4.4 [1.2-16.4]), induction by prostaglandins (OR=5.7 [2.1-15.5]), a stagnation of cervical dilatation during the 1st stage (OR=[1.3-6.8]), and fetal occiput posterior position beyond 3hours (OR=30.7 [3.3-280.9]). CONCLUSIONS: Risk of caesarean delivery for unengaged fetal head beyond 3hours of passive second stage of labor is associated with maternal, fetal and obstetrical factors. Those factors might be taken into account before accept or not a 3rd hour at full cervical dilation.
A rare cause of postpartum headache.; Postpartum women can develop headache, and their assessment requires a thorough and multidisciplinary approach. If the headache is unresponsive to treatment and accompanied by neurological deficit, neuroimaging needs to be undertaken to rule out other life-threatening causes. (1) We present a case of 35-year-old woman with pre-eclampsia and diet-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus, who had normal vaginal delivery at 40 weeks. She had an epidural analgesia for pain relief during labour, but had inadvertent dural puncture during the procedure and developed headache 24 hours after delivery. The headache was managed conservatively and she was discharged home, but was readmitted 8 days later with worsening headache. The headache was postural on admission but became continuous, developed neurological symptoms in the form of ataxic hemiparesis and convulsions. After neuroimaging, she was found to have cerebral venous sinus thrombosis. She was commenced on anticoagulants and anticonvulsants and made a complete recovery.
Prenatal diagnosis of a fetus harboring an intermediate load of the A3243G mtDNA mutation in a maternal carrier diagnosed with MELAS syndrome.; We prenatally diagnosed MELAS syndrome in a fetus whose mother and older brother had the MELAS-specific A3243G mutation. The mutant mtDNA level of the amniotic fluid cells was not significantly different from that of the postnatal peripheral blood and hair follicle samples. The obstetrical course was uncomplicated except for transient exacerbation of the mother's diabetes, which required insulin control. At term, the infant was macrosomic, and the delivery was complicated by shoulder dystocia. MELAS syndrome in itself does not influence either the prenatal course of the mother or the fetal outcome. In contrast to the fulminating clinical course of this mother's first child, MELAS symptoms did not develop in her second child until age four, despite similar high tissue levels of mutant mtDNA. The phenotypic diversity in two offspring with similar higher levels of mutant mtDNA suggests that prenatal genetic diagnosis of cultured amniotic cells may yield results that are poor prognosticators of fetal outcome.
Concordance of auriculo-cardiovascular-skeletal malformations: a new malformation complex in an infant of a diabetic mother?; The incidence of malformations among infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) is known to be higher than in the general population. These malformations usually involve several organ systems and in the past few years there has been an attempt to group them into distinct "syndromes." The present report concerns a child with a specific constellation of findings not yet reported in the infant of a diabetic mother, and we urge our colleagues to look for other associations existing in these infants, rather than just listing series of individual malformations.
Septic abortion complicated by rhinocerebral phycomycosis (mucormycosis). A case report.; A patient with septic abortion complicated initially by hepatorenal failure and later by rhinocerebral phycomycosis (mucormycosis) is described. It is believed that the outcome was fatal because the patient was diabetic and had been extensively treated with antibiotics.
Role of advanced (magnetic resonance) neuroimaging and clinical outcomes in neonatal strokes: Experience from tertiary care center.; Neonatal strokes constitute a major cause of pediatric mortality and morbidity. Neuroimaging helps in its diagnosis as well as prognostication. However, advanced imaging, including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), carries multiple challenges. Limited data exists in the literature on imaging-based predictors of neurological outcomes in neonatal stroke in the Indian population. In this study, we reviewed our available data on neonatal stroke patients between 2015 and 2020 for clinico-radiological patterns. During this period, 17 neonatal strokes were admitted and the majority were term births with a slight male preponderance. Seizures and encephalopathy were the most common presentation. Multiple maternal risk factors such as gestational diabetes, meconium-stained liquor, APLA syndrome, fever, deranged coagulation profile, oligohydramnios, cord prolapse, and non-progressive labor were seen. Cardiac abnormalities were seen in only less than half of these patients with the most common finding being atrial septal defects (ASD). Transcranial ultrasound was performed in eight neonates and the pick-up rate of ultrasound was poor. MR imaging showed large infarcts in 11 patients. The MCA territory was most commonly involved. Interestingly, five neonates had venous thrombosis with three showing it in addition to arterial thrombosis. Associated ictal, as well as Wallerian changes, were noted in 10. Although large territorial infarcts were the most common pattern, non-contrast MR angiography did not show major vessel occlusion in these cases. Outcomes were fairly good and only three patients had a residual motor deficit at 1 year. No recurrence of stroke was seen in any of the neonates.
Evaluation of anti-Mullerian hormone in the first trimester as a predictor for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Prediction of pre-eclampsia and adverse pregnancy outcomes with biomarkers has been proposed. AMH is an ovary-specific growth factor, used to predict ovarian reserve, which changes with age similar to the change in age-related fertility. AIMS: The aim of the study was to determine whether AMH tested in the first trimester of pregnancy was associated with pregnancy hypertension or adverse pregnancy outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of women who delivered singleton fetuses ≥20 weeks' gestation at Royal Hospital for Women, Sydney, Australia (n = 331). AMH was tested in 2011 via Beckman-Coulter Gen II ELISA method on frozen serum collected at the time of first trimester aneuploidy screening (10-13 + 6 weeks' gestation). Outcome data were obtained from the hospital database (ObstetriX). Main outcome measures were pregnancy hypertension (pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension) and composite adverse pregnancy outcome. RESULTS: The median AMH level was 9.7 pmol/L (interquartile range (IQR) 3.9-17.3). There was a trend towards women with pregnancy hypertension having lower AMH levels than women without pregnancy hypertension (median 5.1 pmol/L, IQR 1.5-13.2 vs 9.4 IQR 3.9-17.3; P = 0.06). After adjusting for BMI ≥25, parity ≥1 and age ≥35, women with an AMH less than the 10th centile had a 3.3-fold increased risk of pregnancy hypertension (OR 3.3, 95% CI 1.2-8.7, P = 0.01). There were no other associations between low AMH concentration and adverse maternal or neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a very low AMH (1.5 pmol/L) in early pregnancy may have an increased risk of pregnancy hypertension. No other adverse pregnancy outcomes were identified.
High-quality embryos retain their implantation capability in overweight women.; To assess the effect of obesity on implantation rate, pregnancy rate and course of pregnancy in young women undergoing IVF in whom only high-quality embryos were transferred, a cohort study included women attending the IVF unit in 2006-2007 with favourable parameters to achieve pregnancy (<38years, fewer than three IVF cycles, transfer of two high-quality embryos), grouped by body mass index (BMI). Of 230 women, 160 had a BMI ⩽25kg/m(2) (mean 21.6±2.2) and 73 had BMI >25kg/m(2) (mean 29.5±3.7). The overweight group had a higher consumption of gonadotrophins during stimulation. There were no between-group differences in treatment protocols, duration of gonadotrophin stimulation, maximal oestradiol concentrations, endometrial thickness and number of oocytes retrieved/fertilized, or in rates of pregnancy (51.3%, 52.1%), implantation (34.5%, 37.5%), multiple pregnancy, and abortion. Rate of gestational diabetes or pregnancy-induced hypertension was higher in the overweight group (23.3%, 8.2%; P=0.045). Within the overweight group, those with multiple pregnancies were at highest risk (31.3%, 6.9%; P=0.031). In conclusion, implantation and pregnancy rates are not compromised in overweight women when high-quality embryos are transferred. However, in overweight women, pregnancy complications remain high, mainly in those with multiple pregnancies.
Prehypertension in Early Pregnancy: What is the Significance?; Objective Hypertensive disorders play a significant role in maternal morbidity and mortality. There is limited data on prehypertension (pre-HTN) during the first half of pregnancy. We sought to examine the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in patients with prehypertension in early pregnancy (<20 weeks' gestational age). Study Design A retrospective cohort study of 377 patients between 2013 and 2014. Patients were divided based on the highest blood pressure in early pregnancy, as defined per the JNC-7 criteria. There were 261 control patients (69.2%), 95 (25.2%) pre-HTN patients, and 21 (5.6%) chronic hypertension (CHTN) patients. The groups were compared using X(2), Fisher's Exact, Student t-test, and Mann-Whitney U test with p < 0.05 used as significance. Results Patients with pre-HTN delivered earlier (38.8 ± 1.9 weeks vs 39.3 ± 1.7 weeks), had more pregnancy related hypertension (odds ratio [OR], 4.62; confidence interval [CI], 2.30-9.25; p < 0.01) and composite maternal adverse outcomes (OR, 2. 10; 95% CI, 1.30-3.41; p < 0.01), NICU admission (OR, 2.21; 95% CI, 1.14-4.26; p = 0.02), neonatal sepsis (OR, 6.12; 95% CI, 2.23-16.82; p < 0.01), and composite neonatal adverse outcomes (OR, 2.05; 95% CI, 1.20-3.49; p < 0.01). Conclusion Although women with pre-HTN are currently classified as normal in obstetrics, they are more similar to women with CHTN. Pre-HTN in the first half of pregnancy increases the likelihood of adverse outcomes.
The levels of human milk microRNAs and their association with maternal weight characteristics.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Specific microRNAs (miRNAs) that are known to have roles in various physiological and pathological processes in mammals are found in human breast milk, but the impact of maternal status on miRNA levels in milk is not fully understood. The objective of this study was to explore maternal and infant factors that can potentially influence the levels of let-7a (MIMAT0000062), miRNA-30B (MIMAT0000420) and miRNA-378 (MIMAT0000732) in human milk, all of which are known to participate in adipogenesis. SUBJECTS/METHODS: Colostrum from 86 mothers and mature milk from 33 mothers were collected. The miRNA levels in these samples were determined using real-time PCR. Correlations between the levels of these miRNAs and lactation duration, maternal weight/BMI before and late in the pregnancy, maternal age, gestational weeks and infant gender were analysed. RESULTS: The levels of let-7a (2.58±0.67) and miRNA-378 (4.64±0.69) in colostrum were higher than those in mature milk (2.39±0.62, 3.62±0.77, P<0.01). Conversely, the level of miRNA-30B was higher in mature milk (4.92±0.57) than in colostrum (4.05±0.61, P<0.01). The levels of miRNA-30B, let-7a and miRNA-378 in colostrum were negatively correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (P<0.01), and, in mature milk, let-7a was negatively correlated with maternal weight late in the pregnancy (P<0.05). Moreover, miRNA-30B and miRNA-378 were higher in the colostrum received by girls than in that received by boys (P<0.01). This pattern held for miRNA-378 when controlling for maternal pre-pregnancy BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Adipogenesis miRNAs were expressed in both colostrum and mature milk and were related to maternal weight and infant gender. The miRNAs in human milk determined in this study provide a basis for future studies of their biological functions in infants.
Does attendance at a specialist antenatal clinic improve clinical outcomes in women with class III obesity compared with standard care? A retrospective case-note analysis.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether attendance at a specialised multidisciplinary antenatal clinic for women with class III obesity (BMI >40 kg/m(2)) is associated with improved clinical outcomes compared with standard antenatal care. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study using routinely collected data from electronic patient record. SETTING: Community and hospital based antenatal care. PARTICIPANTS: Women with a singleton pregnancy with class III obesity booked for antenatal care and delivered in one of two hospitals in NHS Lothian, Scotland, UK between 2008 and 2014. Maternal and offspring outcomes were compared in women who attended a specialised obesity clinic (n=511) compared with standard antenatal care (n=502). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Included stillbirth, low birth weight, gestational diabetes, induction of labour and caesarean section. RESULTS: Compared with standard care, women receiving specialist care were less likely to have a stillbirth (OR 0.12, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.97) and a low birthweight baby (OR 0.57, 95% CI 0.33 to 0.99) and more likely to be screened for (100% vs 73.6%; p<0.001) and diagnosed with (26.0% vs 12.5%; p<0.001) gestational diabetes, to require induction of labour (38.4% vs 29.9%; p=0.009), an elective (20.3% vs 17.7%; p<0.001) and emergency (23.9% vs 20.3%; p<0.001) caesarean section and attend antenatal triage one or more times during pregnancy (77.7% vs 53.1%; p<0.001). Women attending the specialist clinic had a higher BMI (44.5 kg/m(2) (4.3) vs 43.2 kg/m(2) (3.1); p<0.001) and were more likely to be nulliparous (46.0% vs 24.9%; p<0.001). There were no other differences in maternal demographic or maternal and offspring outcomes between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Attendance at a specialised antenatal clinic for obesity is associated with reduced rates of stillbirth and low birth weight and improved detection of gestational diabetes. The improvement in clinical outcomes is associated with an increase in healthcare attendance to obstetric triage and clinical interventions including induction of labour and caesarean section.
The association of primiparity with intrauterine growth retardation.; The role of parity in the epidemiology of intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) is not well understood, as some risk factors for IUGR are associated with young age and primiparity, and some are more frequent among older multiparous women. This paper examines the unique role of primiparity in the etiology of IUGR in a series of 25,614 singleton births in the southern part of Israel. The rates of IUGR were 3.5% among primiparae and 1.7% in multiparae. (Risk ratio = 1.99; 95% confidence interval, 1.69-2.35). Maternal age was associated with IUGR only among primiparae but not in multiparae. Of the obstetric factors examined, the following were found to be significantly associated with IUGR: hypertension, prior infertility, oligohydramnios, gross fetal congenital anomalies, and being a female fetus. After simultaneous adjustment for these risk factors by multiple logistic regression analysis, the odds ratio associated with parity was 1.62 (95% confidence interval, 1.30-2.01), suggesting that primiparity constitutes an independent risk factor for IUGR.
Association of Infant Temperament With Subsequent Obesity in Young Children of Mothers With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; IMPORTANCE: Infant temperament is associated with excess weight gain or childhood obesity risk in samples of healthy individuals, although the evidence has been inconsistent. To our knowledge, no prior research has examined this topic among children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in utero. OBJECTIVE: To prospectively evaluate infant temperament in association with overweight and obesity status at ages 2 to 5 years among children born to mothers who experienced GDM. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This prospective cohort study took place at Kaiser Permanente Northern California medical centers. We studied singleton infants delivered at 35 weeks' gestational age or later to mothers who had been diagnosed with GDM. Data were collected from 2009 to 2016, and data analysis occurred from June 2017 to October 2018. EXPOSURES: The primary exposures in the child's first year were soothability, distress to limitations, and activity aspects of temperament, as assessed by a validated questionnaire. Modifiable covariates in the child's first year included breastfeeding intensity and duration monthly ratio scores, along with the timing of the introduction of sugary beverages and complementary foods. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was child overweight and obesity status, assessed at ages 2 to 5 years. Multinomial logistic regression models estimated adjusted odds ratios and 95% CIs for infants whose temperaments were measured at 6 to 9 weeks of age and categorized as elevated (≥75th percentile) or not elevated in the 3 domains. We controlled for nonmodifiable and modifiable covariates across models. RESULTS: A total of 382 mother-infant pairs participted, including 130 infants (34.0%) who were non-Hispanic white, 126 infants (33.0%) who were Hispanic, 96 infants (25.1%) who were Asian, 26 infants (6.8%) who were non-Hispanic black, and 4 infants (1.1%) who were of other races/ethnicities. In descriptive analyses, elevated infant soothability and activity temperaments were associated with the early introduction of 100% fruit juice and/or sugar-sweetened beverages (at ages <6 months) and shorter breastfeeding duration (from 0 to <3 months), while elevated distress to limitations was associated with early introduction of complementary foods (at ages <4 months). Elevated soothability consistently was associated with a higher odds of later childhood obesity, with adjusted odds ratios across models ranging from 2.22 (95% CI, 1.04-4.73) to 2.54 (95% CI, 1.28-5.03). Greater breastfeeding intensity and duration (12-month combined) score was associated with lower odds of obesity, independent of infant temperament and other covariates. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among this high-risk population of infants, elevated soothability was associated with early childhood obesity risk, perhaps in part because caregivers use sugary drinks to assuage infants. Soothability temperament may be a novel screening target for early obesity prevention interventions involving responsive feeding and emotion regulation.
Fetal surveillance in insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancy: predictive value of the biophysical profile.; Ninety-eight insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies underwent monitoring by means of 978 biophysical profiles from 28 weeks' gestation until parturition. Only 2.9% of the 978 tests had abnormal results (score less than or equal to 7). When performed within 2 days before birth, a normal biophysical profile predicted the 1-minute Apgar score to be normal in 92% and 5-minute Apgar score in 99%. When all biophysical profiles ever performed were included, the predictive value improved to 100%. The baby's first cry within 1 minute after birth was predicted in 95%. Furthermore, the predictive value of a normal biophysical profile regarding the absence of ominous intrapartum cardiotocographic patterns was excellent (95%). The specificity was in general good (80% to 90%), but the predictive value of abnormal test results and sensitivity were almost without exception poor. It seems that the very low rate of abnormal biophysical profiles indicates that obstetric interventions were made immediately after the occurrence of the first sign of fetal jeopardy; thus improved results were obtained.
Direct relationship of antepartum glucose control and fetal erythropoietin in human type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic pregnancy.; In the present study the antepartum relationship between maternal diabetic glucose control and fetal hypoxaemia was examined in 44 Type 1 (insulin-dependent) diabetic and 23 non-diabetic control pregnancies. Maternal HbA1C was used to assess maternal integrated blood glucose control while fetal metabolic control was evaluated by antepartum glucose, insulin, and C-peptide determinations in amniotic fluid at elective caesarean delivery. Fetal hypoxaemia was assessed indirectly by fetal umbilical vein plasma erythropoietin level at delivery. A prospectively developed statistical pathway model was used to examine the relationship of these variables. In applying forced stepwise multiple regression with this model, we observed in the diabetic subjects that mean maternal HbA1C during the last month of pregnancy correlated significantly with fetal umbilical venous erythropoietin at delivery (r = 0.57, p less than 0.001). Additional significant contributions to umbilical venous erythropoietin were found for amniotic fluid glucose and amniotic fluid insulin when these two independent variables were added in stepwise fashion (p less than 0.01). We conclude that in diabetic pregnancy, antepartum control of maternal hyperglycaemia is a significant factor associated with fetal hypoxaemia. We speculate that this effect is mediated through perturbations which accelerate fetal metabolism and which is expressed by amniotic fluid levels of glucose and insulin.
Causes of antepartum stillbirth in women of advanced maternal age.; OBJECTIVES: To breakdown the causes of antepartum stillbirth by maternal age. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study. SETTING: UK. SAMPLE: Anonymised national data on 2850 cases of antepartum stillbirth in 2009. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: The association between cause of stillbirth and maternal age was examined using an adjusted multinomial logistic regression model. Risk ratios were calculated relative to stillbirth due to haemorrhage. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Antepartum stillbirths classified by the Centre for Maternal and Child Enquiries (CMACE) classification. RESULTS: Stillbirths in women aged 35 years and over are more likely to be due to major congenital anomalies (relative risk ratio (RRR) 2.0, 95% CI 1.3-3.0), mechanical causes (RRR 1.6, 95% CI 1.0-2.6), maternal disorders (RRR 2.1, 95% CI 1.2-3.6) or associated obstetric factors (RRR 2.1, 95% CI 1.1-3.9) than women less than 35. Women aged 35 years and over have a statistically significant increased risk of stillbirth due to major congenital anomalies (OR relative to live birth 1.6, 95% CI 1.3-1.9) and maternal disorders (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.2-2.4) than younger women. Women aged 35 years and over were 30% more likely to experience a term stillbirth than women <35 years (OR 1.3, 95% CI 1.1-1.5). Stillbirth due to congenital anomaly was statistically significantly more likely in women ≥ 35 years. CONCLUSIONS: Advanced maternal age is a significant risk factor for antepartum stillbirth particularly at term. Attention should be given to stillbirth due to mechanical causes, maternal disorders and associated obstetric factors in such women.
Maternal Glycemia During Pregnancy and Child Carotid Intima Media Thickness, Pulse Wave Velocity, and Augmentation Index.; BACKGROUND: In women without diabetes, little is known about the consequences of hyperglycemia during pregnancy for the offspring's cardiovascular structure and function. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of maternal glycemia during pregnancy with cardiovascular risk markers in their children in GUSTO, a Singaporean birth cohort study. METHODS: Around 26 weeks' gestation, a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-hour postprandial plasma glucose (PPPG) concentrations were measured. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was defined using WHO 1999 diagnostic criteria. At 6 years of age, we measured the child's carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT), carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), aortic augmentation index (AIx), and blood pressure (BP). Association of maternal glycemia during pregnancy with cardiovascular risk markers in their children were analyzed using multiple linear and logistic regressions. RESULTS: Analysis were performed on 479 mother-child dyads. Higher maternal FPG was associated with higher cIMT and, in males, with a higher cfPWV in the offspring (adjusted β [CI 95%], cIMT: 0.08 per 10mm increase [0.02; 0.15], cfPWV: 0.36 m/s [0.01; 0.70]). Higher 2-hour PPPG was associated with higher cfPWV and AIx. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with higher AIx. No association was found between maternal glycemia and their offspring blood pressure. CONCLUSIONS: among mothers without pre-existing diabetes, higher glycemia during pregnancy was associated with mild structural and functional vascular changes in their children at 6 years of age across a continuum. These results support the necessity to monitor maternal glycemia during pregnancy even in the absence of pre-existing diabetes or diagnosed GDM.
Fetal echocardiography: the prenatal diagnosis of a ventricular septal defect in a 14-week fetus with pulmonary artery hypoplasia.; As the result of auscultation of fetal bradycardia in a class C diabetic, real-time and M-mode echocardiography were performed at 14 weeks of gestation. M-mode evaluation revealed fetal bradycardia (70 beats per minute) with atrial and ventricular systole occurring simultaneously, suggesting a nodal rhythm. Real-time examination demonstrated a ventricular septal defect, pericardial effusion, ventricular wall hypertrophy, and a dilated aortic root. Also present were fetal ascites and situs inversus of the stomach. A repeat ultrasound examination revealed fetal death at 16 weeks of gestation. Autopsy confirmed the above structural abnormalities, and also demonstrated bilobed lungs, pulmonary artery and valve hypoplasia, midline small intestine, and asplenia.
Fetal growth and later maternal death, cardiovascular disease and diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: Low birthweight of the offspring has been associated with increased risk of early death and ischemic heart disease in the mother. However, other measurements of fetal growth than the basic birthweight are more accurate. We investigated the relation between the standardized birthweight by gestational age and gender and the ponderal index and the mother's subsequent mortality and cardiovascular morbidity. DESIGN: Registry-based retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Women with a first singleton delivery in Denmark from 1978 to 2007. POPULATION: 782 287 women followed for 14.6 years yielding 11 600 945 person-years. METHODS: Cox proportional hazard models. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary exposures were variation in the standardized birthweight and ponderal index. The endpoints were subsequent maternal death, hypertension, ischemic heart disease, stroke, thrombosis, and diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: The risk-profile for the standardized birthweight and subsequent maternal death had a nadir between -0.5 and -1 SD (HR 0.91; 95%CI 0.83-1.00) and increased with decreasing fetal growth peaking at <-3 SD (HR 2.75; 95%CI 2.37-3.19) compared to the median. The risk-profile for subsequent diabetes mellitus by standardized ponderal index had a nadir between +0.5 to +1 SD (HR 0.82; 95%CI 0.76-0.89) rising with increasing fetal growth and peaking at >+3 SD (HR 17.8; 95%CI 15.0-21.0). The risk-profiles for standardized ponderal index paralleled those for birthweight, but with smaller risk estimates. Adjusting for other pregnancy complications diminished the estimates. CONCLUSION: The fetal growth is a marker of subsequent risk for premature death, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes mellitus in the mother.
The association between mental illness, psychotropic medication use and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: A multicentre study.; OBJECTIVES: Women with severe mental illnesses (SMI) may have elevated rates of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) due to an accumulation of risk factors. This study aims to determine the prevalence rate of HPD within a population of women with SMI and to report on rates within different mental illness diagnoses and types of medication exposure. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective multicentre study of 521 pregnant women attending specialised antenatal clinics for the management of established SMI. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Measures included sociodemographic characteristics, pregnancy complications, mental health diagnosis and psychotropic medication use. RESULTS: Overall, 14% of women in the study had HDP. Compared to women with non-affective psychotic and other non-psychotic disorders (10.3%), women with depression and anxiety disorders demonstrated an increased risk of having a diagnosis of HDP (18.8%; RR = 1.82 [95% CI: 1.01, 3.29], p = .048). Log-binomial regression demonstrated that both a BMI in the overweight and obese range (RR = 3.37 [95% CI: 1.04, 10.95], p = .044) and continuous SNRI treatment throughout pregnancy (RR = 2.79 [95% CI; 1.33, 5.83], p = .006) were significant predictors of HDP, after adjusting for maternal age, gestational diabetes, and other mental health diagnoses. CONCLUSION: Women with severe mental illnesses have elevated risk of developing HPD. Management remains complex and should address their comorbid risk profiles, and weigh up the risks and benefits of psychotropic medication use, given these results provide evidence of elevated rates of HDP associated with exposure to SNRI when taken throughout pregnancy.
Cardiac changes in infants of diabetic mothers.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a systemic chronic metabolic disorder characterized by increased insulin resistance and/or β- cell defects. It affects all ages from the foetal life, neonates, childhood to late adulthood. Gestational diabetes is a critical risk factor for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). Moreover, the risk increases with low maternal education, high body mass index at conception, undiagnosed pre-gestational diabetes, inadequate antenatal care, improper diabetes control, and maternal smoking during pregnancy. Maternal DM significantly affects the foetal heart and foetal-placental circulation in both structure and function. Cardiac defects, myocardial hypertrophy are three times more prevalent in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Antenatal evaluation of the cardiac function and structures can be performed with foetal electrocardiography and echocardiography. Postnatal cardiac evaluation can be performed with natal and postnatal electrocardiography and echocardiography, detection of early atherosclerotic changes by measuring aortic intima-media thickness, and retinal vascular changes by retinal photography. Ameliorating the effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring depends mainly on pregestational and gestational diabetes prevention. However, other measures to reduce the risk, such as using medications, nutritional supplements, or probiotics, still need more research. This review discusses the mechanism of foetal sequels and the risk factors that increase the prevalence of CHDs in gestational DM, the various cardiac outcomes of gestational DM on the foetus and offspring, cardiac evaluation of foetuses and IDMs, and how to alleviate the consequences of gestational DM on the offspring.
Maternal diabetes and hypertensive disorders in association with autism spectrum disorder.; Previous studies have shown complications of pregnancy, often examined in aggregate, to be associated with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Results for specific complications, such as maternal diabetes and hypertension, have not been uniformly consistent and should be investigated independently in relation to ASD in a large community-based sample. The Study to Explore Early Development (SEED), a US multisite case-control study, enrolled children born in 2003-2006 at 2-5 years of age. Children were classified into three groups based on confirmation of ASD (n = 698), non-ASD developmental delay (DD; n = 887), or controls drawn from the general population (POP; n = 979). Diagnoses of any diabetes or hypertensive disorder during pregnancy were identified from prenatal medical records and maternal self-report. Logistic regression models estimated adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and confidence intervals (CI) adjusting for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking during pregnancy, and study site. Models for hypertension were additionally adjusted for parity and plurality. Among 2,564 mothers, we identified 246 (9.6%) with any diabetes and 386 (15.1%) with any hypertension in pregnancy. After adjustment for covariates, any diabetes during pregnancy was not associated with ASD (aOR = 1.10 [95% CI 0.77, 1.56]), but any hypertension was associated with ASD (aOR = 1.69 [95% CI 1.26, 2.26]). Results were similar for DD, and any diabetes (aOR = 1.29 [95% CI 0.94, 1.78]) or any hypertension (aOR = 1.71 [95% CI 1.30, 2.25]). Some pregnancy complications, such as hypertension, may play a role in autism etiology and can possibly serve as a prompt for more vigilant ASD screening efforts. Autism Res 2019, 12: 967-975. © 2019 International Society for Autism Research, Wiley Periodicals, Inc. LAY SUMMARY: We studied if common complications in pregnancy are associated with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in a large sample of mothers and children. Our results show an association between conditions marked by high blood pressure and ASD, but no association with conditions marked by high blood sugar and ASD. Associations were similar for children who had a developmental disorder that was not ASD, suggesting that this relationship may not be specific to ASD.
Antepartum pituitary infarction.; Antepartum pituitary infarction occurs only in insulin-dependent diabetic patients. It is manifested by severe headache, followed by decreasing insulin requirements. Delivery is frequently premature, with high fetal wastage and increased maternal mortality. During the puerperium, the first manifestation of pituitary deficiency, other than a lower insulin requirement than would be expected, is failure to lactate. Subsequent evaluation of pituitary function reveals variable deficiencies with loss of growth hormone and gonadotropins being most frequent. This case is the eighth report of this entity, and it represents the first patient to survive a pituitary infarction prior to the third trimester of pregnancy. Recognition of this syndrome is critical in order to ensure that the mother's health and the viability of the offspring be preserved.
[The abortion problem from the ophthalmologist's point of view (author's transl)].; This article is devoted to the problems associated with termination of pregnancy as seen by the ophthalmologist. It starts by pointing out the ophthalmological indications which have to be considered in this connection. Pediatric indications are then discussed, in particular the highly problematic clinical picture of diabetic retinitis. Last not least, in view of the revision of the (German) abortion law, psychosocial indications must be considered; in this respect an unequivocal attitude should be adopted.
Reproductive history and physical functioning in midlife: The Bogalusa Heart Study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between reproductive history, pregnancy complications, and later physical function. STUDY DESIGN: The Bogalusa Heart Study is a long-running study of cardiovascular health in a semirural community. 761 women were interviewed about their pregnancy history and complications, and underwent tests of physical function. Logistic models for dichotomous outcomes and linear models for continuous outcomes were used, adjusted for covariates. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Overall scores on the Short Physical Performance Battery (SPPB), which combines scores for balance, gait speed, and chair stands. Additional tests were a 6-min walk, knee extension strength, grip strength, and a pegboard challenge. RESULTS: Nulliparity was associated with lower scores on the walking and balance portions of the SPPB, less distance covered in the 6-min walk, less knee and grip strength, and higher pegboard time, especially among pre-menopausal women. A history of gestational diabetes was associated with more problems on the walk portion of the SPPB (aOR 2.44, 1.06-5.65), higher chair stand time, and lower knee strength. Young age at first birth (<16 or 18 years) was associated with a shorter chair stand time and a better pegboard score. CONCLUSIONS: Nulliparity was associated with worse physical functioning, while high parity and early pregnancy were not, suggesting that fertility is associated with better health later in life. Pregnancy complications were associated with worse physical functioning, even after controlling for body mass index. Future studies should attempt to establish the pathways by which reproductive health relates to overall physical functioning.
Perinatal nutrition and hormone-dependent programming of food intake.; It is increasingly accepted that alterations of the intrauterine and early postnatal nutritional, metabolic and hormonal environment may predispose individuals to development of diseases in later life. Results from studies of the offspring of diabetic mothers strongly support this hypothesis. It has also been suggested that being light at birth leads to an increased risk of the metabolic syndrome (Syndrome X) in later life (the Barker hypothesis). The pathophysiological mechanisms that underlie this programming are unclear. However, hormones are important environment-dependent organizers of the developing neuroendocrine-immune network, which regulates all the fundamental processes of life. Hormones can act as 'endogenous functional teratogens' when present in non-physiological concentrations, induced by alterations in the intrauterine or neonatal environment during critical periods of perinatal life. Perinatal hyperinsulinism is pathognomic in offspring of diabetic mothers. Early hyperinsulinism also occurs as a result of early postnatal overfeeding. In rats, endogenous hyperinsulinism, as well as peripheral or intrahypothalamic insulin treatment during perinatal development, may lead to 'malprogramming' of the neuroendocrine systems regulating body weight, food intake and metabolism. This results in an increased disposition to become obese and to develop diabetes throughout life. Similar malprogramming may occur due to perinatal hypercortisolism and hyperleptinism. With regard to 'small baby syndrome' and the thrifty phenotype hypothesis, we propose that early postnatal overfeeding of underweight newborns may substantially contribute to their long-term risk of obesity and diabetes. In summary, a complex malprogramming of the central regulation of body weight and metabolism may provide a general aetiopathogenetic concept, explaining perinatally acquired disposition to later disease and, thereby, opening a wide field for primary prevention.
A study of congenital cardiac disease in a neonatal population--the validity of echocardiography undertaken by a neonatologist.; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the incidence of, and profile the spread of, congenital cardiac defects, and to assess the accuracy of the echocardiographic diagnosis as performed by a neonatologist. DESIGN: Hospital-based study. METHODS: All neonates meeting our criterions, specifically those with a persistent murmur 48 hours after birth, underwent an echocardiographic examination to exclude an underlying congenital cardiac defect. All scans performed by the neonatologist were videotaped and reviewed by a paediatric cardiologist. We assessed concordance according to inter-rater agreement. RESULTS: Out of 11,085 live births, there were 83 infants with a congenital cardiac defect, giving an incidence of 7.49 per 1000 live births, with 95% confidence interval from 5.88 to 9.09. Of the infants with a murmur persisting at or greater than 48 hours after birth, who had a median age of 4.5 days, 75% had a congenital heart defect, with ventricular septal defect being the commonest, encountered in 56.7% of cases. Concordance between the neonatologist and the cardiologist was good, with Cohen's Kappa coefficient being calculated at 0.68, and 95% confidence interval from 0.51 to 0.85. CONCLUSION: The incidence of congenital cardiac malformations as determined in our hospital-based study in the United Arab Emirates is similar to that described in the Gulf region and worldwide. A persistent murmur at or greater than 48 hours after birth is strongly suggestive of an underlying congenital cardiac malformation. Our experience shows that a neonatologist appropriately trained in echocardiography can perform as well as a paediatric cardiologist. Where specialist resources are limited, this allows for early diagnosis, earlier referral if necessary, and early institution of appropriate therapy.
Maternal hypotension during elective cesarean section and short-term neonatal outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the extent and risk factors for hypotension among women undergoing elective cesarean section, and whether maternal hypotension has any impact on perinatal infant outcome. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective analysis of data on 919 mother-infant pairs after elective cesarean section that involved the use of regional anesthetic. Data collection included information on maternal blood pressure during the cesarean section procedure and any infant perinatal complications. RESULTS: Nearly one-half of the mothers underwent a decrease in their mean arterial blood pressure by > or =30%. The risk factors for hypotension included preoperative hypertension, older age, type of spinal anesthesia, and a higher infant birthweight. A drop in the maternal mean arterial blood pressure exceeding 30% or even 50% compared with the preoperative value was not found to predict any perinatal complications. CONCLUSION: Despite a very high prevalence of maternal hypotension during cesarean sections, term infants tend to tolerate this placental blood perfusion challenge without any major sequel.
Closed-Loop Insulin Delivery during Pregnancy in Women with Type 1 Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: In patients with type 1 diabetes who are not pregnant, closed-loop (automated) insulin delivery can provide better glycemic control than sensor-augmented pump therapy, but data are lacking on the efficacy, safety, and feasibility of closed-loop therapy during pregnancy. METHODS: We performed an open-label, randomized, crossover study comparing overnight closed-loop therapy with sensor-augmented pump therapy, followed by a continuation phase in which the closed-loop system was used day and night. Sixteen pregnant women with type 1 diabetes completed 4 weeks of closed-loop pump therapy (intervention) and sensor-augmented pump therapy (control) in random order. During the continuation phase, 14 of the participants used the closed-loop system day and night until delivery. The primary outcome was the percentage of time that overnight glucose levels were within the target range (63 to 140 mg per deciliter [3.5 to 7.8 mmol per liter]). RESULTS: The percentage of time that overnight glucose levels were in the target range was higher during closed-loop therapy than during control therapy (74.7% vs. 59.5%; absolute difference, 15.2 percentage points; 95% confidence interval, 6.1 to 24.2; P=0.002). The overnight mean glucose level was lower during closed-loop therapy than during control therapy (119 vs. 133 mg per deciliter [6.6 vs. 7.4 mmol per liter], P=0.009). There were no significant differences between closed-loop and control therapy in the percentage of time in which glucose levels were below the target range (1.3% and 1.9%, respectively; P=0.28), in insulin doses, or in adverse-event rates. During the continuation phase (up to 14.6 additional weeks, including antenatal hospitalizations, labor, and delivery), glucose levels were in the target range 68.7% of the time; the mean glucose level was 126 mg per deciliter (7.0 mmol per liter). No episodes of severe hypoglycemia requiring third-party assistance occurred during either phase. CONCLUSIONS: Overnight closed-loop therapy resulted in better glucose control than sensor-augmented pump therapy in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. Women receiving day-and-night closed-loop therapy maintained glycemic control during a high proportion of the time in a period that encompassed antenatal hospital admission, labor, and delivery. (Funded by the National Institute for Health Research and others; Current Controlled Trials number, ISRCTN71510001.).
β-Blocker Exposure in Pregnancy and Risk of Fetal Cardiac Anomalies.; This population-based cohort study examines the risk of fetal cardiac malformations associated with maternal β-blocker exposure.
Epidemiology of artherial hypertension in pregnants.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the epidemiological data of hypertension in pregnant women, as well as to identify its possible associated events. METHODS: Data collection was performed at the high-risk prenatal outpatient clinic and in the maternity ward at a public hospital in the São Paulo city, during the morning and afternoon periods, from October 2015 to July 2016. A questionnaire with 22 questions prepared by the researchers was used. The margin of error was 5% and the confidence level was 95%. For the calculation, the two-proportion equality, Pearson correlation and ANOVA tests were used. RESULTS: Among the interviewees, 43% had chronic hypertension, 33.3% presented with up to 20 weeks of gestation, 23.7% presented after the 20th week of gestation, 62.3% were between 18 and 35 years of age, 78.1% had a family history of hypertension, and among those aged 36 to 45 years, 11.4% were in the first gestation, and 26.3% in the second gestation. Considering the associated conditions, diabetes prevailed with 50%; obesity with 22.2%, and the most selected foods for consumption among pregnant women, 47.5% had high energy content (processed/ultraprocessed). CONCLUSION: After an epidemiological analysis of the prevalence of hypertension, pregnant women with chronic hypertension, preexisting hypertension diagnosed during pregnancy, and hypertensive disease of pregnancy were identified. Regarding the possible factors associated with arterial hypertension, higher age, family history of hypertension, preexistence of hypertension, late pregnancies, diabetes, obesity and frequent consumption of processed/ultraprocessed foods were found.
Association Between Maternal Comorbidities and Emergency Department Use Among a National Sample of Commercially Insured Pregnant Women.; OBJECTIVES: Evidence suggests that, despite routine engagement with the health system, pregnant women commonly seek emergency care. The objectives of this study were to examine the association between maternal comorbidities and emergency department (ED) use among a national sample of commercially insured pregnant women. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using multipayer medical claims data maintained by the Health Care Cost Institute for women ages 18 to 44 years with a live singleton birth in 2011 (N = 157,786). The association between common maternal comorbidities (e.g., hypertension, gestational diabetes) and ED use during pregnancy was examined using multilevel models, while controlling for age, region, and residential zip code. RESULTS: Twenty percent (n = 31,413) of pregnant women had one or more ED visit (mean ± SD = 1.52 ± 1.15). Among those who used the ED, 29% had two or more visits, and 11% had three or more visits. Emergency care seekers were significantly more likely to have one or more comorbid condition compared to those with no emergency care: 30% versus 21%, respectively (p < 0.001). Pregnant women with asthma had 2.5 times the likelihood of having had any ED visit (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 2.46, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 2.32-2.62). There was a significant increase in the probability (approximately 50%) of ED use among pregnant women with diabetes (AOR = 1.47, 95% CI = 1.33-1.63) or hypertension (AOR = 1.49, 95% CI = 1.43-1.55) or who were obese (AOR = 1.55, 95% CI = 1.47-1.64). Increased odds associated with gestational diabetes were more modest, resulting in a 13% increased odds of using the ED (AOR = 1.13, 95% CI = 1.07-1.18). Less than 0.6% of pregnant women (n = 177) received emergency care that resulted in a hospital admission. The admission rate was 0.4% (189 admissions/47,608 ED visits). CONCLUSIONS: Among pregnant women, comorbidity burden was associated with more ED utilization. Efforts to reduce acute unscheduled care and improve care coordination during pregnancy should target interventions to patient comorbidity.
Long-term hospitalization of women with high-risk pregnancies. A nurse's viewpoint.; The addition of high-risk pregnancy units to perinatal care systems provides a setting for daily maternal-fetal surveillance during complicated pregnancies. These units permit safe prolongation of pregnancy when the fetus is immature and timely delivery when either the mother's or infant's health is in jeopardy. Hospitalization also encourages maternal rest with its beneficial effects during complicated pregnancy. Nursing functions and goals as developed in the High-risk Pregnancy Unit at Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas, Texas, are presented.
Maternal exosomes in diabetes contribute to the cardiac development deficiency.; Maternal diabetes mellitus induces an increased risk of congenital heart defects (CHD), however, the exact mechanisms are still not fully illustrated. In this study, diabetic pregnant C57BL/6 mice were induced by injection of streptozotocin before mating. Compared with the control normal mice, diabetic pregnant mice displayed significant changes of the exosomal miRNA contents in the blood, as revealed by RNA-seq analysis. Multiple of these miRNAs were found involved in cardiac development regulation. Moreover, fluorescence labeled exosomes and gold nanoparticles could cross the placenta barrier and infiltrated into the embryonic organs/tissues, including the heart, during embryonic development. Injection of diabetic maternal exosomes strikingly increased the risk of CHD in the normal recipient pregnant mice. Taken together, we could draw the conclusion that maternal exosomes in diabetes could cross the maternal-fetal barrier and contribute to the cardiac development deficiency possibly via miRNAs, providing new insights in CHD prevention and treatment.
[Study on the influence of pregnancy-induced hypertension on neonatal birth weight and its interaction with other factors].; OBJECTIVE: To research the influence of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) on neonatal birth weight and its interaction with other factors. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted in this study. 14 townships were randomly selected by cluster random sampling method from 37 townships in Liuyang city, Hunan province. All pregnant women from these 14 townships with pregnancy care manual and delivery record, during April 1st, 2008 to March 31st, 2011 were selected as subjects of this study. Blood pressure during pregnancy and neonatal birth weight were recorded. Multinomial logistic regression model was used to adjust the confounding factors. Addictive effects model was used for interaction analysis. RESULTS: Data from 6 102 subjects were collected, including 418 (6.9%) pregnant women with PIH, 166 (2.7%) infants with low birth weight and 333 (5.5%) with fetal macrosomia. Results from the Multinomial logistic regression analysis showed significant association between neonatal birth weight and PIH, premature birth, BMI <18.5 before pregnancy, and weight gain ≥ 16 kg during pregnancy. Data from the Interaction analysis showed that there was strong positive interactions between PIH and premature birth to low birth weight infants (RERI = 35.08, API = 0.435, S = 1.7), and between PIH and BMI<18.5 before pregnancy to low birth weight infants. However, no significant interaction was found between PIH and weight gain. CONCLUSION: Factors as PIH, premature birth, BMI before pregnancy and weight gain showed impact on low birth weight or fetal macrosomia. PIH also showed significant interaction on neonatal birth weight with premature birth as well as BMI before pregnancy, respectively.
The Risk for Glucose Intolerance after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus since the Introduction of the IADPSG Criteria: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; The aim of the study was to assess the postpartum risk for glucose intolerance since the introduction of the 'International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' (IADPSG) criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Studies published since 2010 were included, which evaluated the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and cardiovascular (CV) events in women with previous GDM compared to normal glucose tolerant women. We included forty-three studies, evaluating 4,923,571 pregnant women of which 5.8% (284,312) had a history of GDM. Five studies used IADPSG criteria (n = 6174 women, 1314 with GDM). The overall pooled relative risk (RR) for postpartum T2DM was 7.42 (95% CI: 5.99-9.19) and the RR for postpartum T2DM with IADPSG criteria was 6.45 (95% CI: 4.74-8.77) compared to the RR of 9.08 (95% CI: 6.96-11.85; p = 0.17) for postpartum T2DM based on other diagnostic criteria. The RR for postpartum IGT was 2.45 (95% CI: 1.92-3.13), independent of the criteria used. None of the available studies with IADPSG criteria evaluated the risk for CV events. Women with a history of GDM based on the IADPSG criteria have a similarly increased risk for postpartum glucose intolerance compared to GDM based on other diagnostic criteria. More studies with GDM based on the IADPSG criteria are needed to increase the quality of evidence concerning the long-term metabolic risk.
Diabetes and obesity during pregnancy are associated with oxidative stress genotoxicity in newborns.; Objective To compare the level of oxidative deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) damage (genotoxicity) between the offspring of mothers with and without diabetes diagnosed during pregnancy and its association with maternal body mass index (BMI). Methods We measured 8-hydroxy-deoxyguanosine (8-OH-dG), a marker of DNA oxidative damage, in venous umbilical cord plasma from newborns of mothers with (n=34) and without (n=56) diabetes diagnoses obtained during pregnancy. Two markers of oxidative stress - namely, nitric oxide degradation products (NOx) and total glutathione (GSH) - were quantified in both mothers and newborns. The effects of BMI, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), age and delivery mode were also analyzed. Results Newborns of mothers with diabetes during pregnancy exhibited higher levels of 8-OH-dG than those of mothers without diabetes (P<0.001). The other markers of oxidative stress were also higher in both mothers with diabetes and their newborns, with the exception of NOx in the mothers. The association of diabetes with 8-OH-dG was independent of other analyzed factors. Conclusion The offspring of mothers with diabetes during pregnancy are born with increased genotoxicity than the offspring of mothers without diabetes. BMI and HbA1c display an independent association with 8-OH-dG, particularly in the offspring of mothers not diagnosed with diabetes.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: a review.; Diabetic retinopathy is the leading cause of blindness between the ages of 24-64 years. The first half of this period corresponds to peak fertility and the childbearing years. The effects of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy are unclear, but recent studies suggest that pregnancy may be less harmful to the retina of the diabetic subject than was thought previously. Nevertheless, there is reason to believe that at least some women experience a worsening of their retinopathy as a result of pregnancy. Thus, careful ophthalmic evaluation and follow-up are essential for the pregnant woman with diabetes. This should include a minimum of one complete eye examination every trimester and within 3 months postpartum. Color fundus photography and laser treatment are safe, whereas fluorescein angiography, although commonly used to evaluate retinal vascular disease, can usually be avoided during pregnancy.
Hyaline membrane disease. II. Lung lecithin.; The lecithin content of lung, together with its surface tension properties, were determined in 34 stillbirths, and 61 neonatal deaths. Lecithin content ranged widely from 1·5 to 18·6% of dry lung tissue. In 24 cases the `palmitic-lecithin' was also measured; it formed 44-79% of the total lecithins. Since the two were related linearly, changes in palmitic-lecithin could be adequately studied by measuring total lecithins. Lecithin content was negatively correlated with minimum surface tension of lung extract in both fresh stillbirths and neonatal deaths. Cases with hyaline membranes had lung lecithin in the lower range (< 8% dry tissue). Lung lecithin content may be a measure of surfactant reserve. After 29 weeks' gestation, fresh stillbirths and neonatal deaths, other than those with hyaline membranes, had normal lung surfactant. The exception was a small group of infants having immature lungs lacking surfactant, and who survived less than 2½ hours; some of these, it is surmised, would have developed hyaline membranes had they survived longer. This was consistent with the fact that well-formed hyaline membranes were only found in infants that had survived for at least 3 hours. Surfactant deficiency probably develops only after birth (except in very immature infants), and as a consequence of an initial rapid consumption of surfactant to form a lining layer covering the alveolar surface, when a gas-liquid interface is created by aeration of lung. Surfactant deficiency, by promoting interstitial pulmonary oedema, is thought to be the immediate cause of hyaline membrane disease. A scheme for the pathogenesis of hyaline membrane disease is set out. It provides a possible mechanism for the different ways in which surfactant deficiency may arise in immature and mature infants. Cases where hyaline membranes occur with normal surfactant fall into three groups: (1) Cases with hyaline membrane disease that have survived several days, the lungs being in the stage of repair. (2) Cases with massive lung haemorrhage, with severe anaemia from haemolytic disease, or with heart failure; extravasation of oedema fluid or blood may be the common factor in this group. (3) Infants of diabetic mothers.
Obesity in Pregnancy: A Comprehensive Review of Influential Guidelines.; IMPORTANCE: Obesity is one of the most common clinical entities complicating pregnancies and is associated with short- and long-term consequences for both the mother and the offspring. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study were to review and compare the most recently published influential guidelines on the management of maternal obesity in the preconceptional, antenatal, intrapartum, and postpartum period. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: A descriptive review of guidelines from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, the Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists on obesity in pregnancy was carried out. RESULTS: There is an overall agreement among the reviewed guidelines regarding the importance of prepregnancy weight loss with behavioral modification, optimization of gestational weight gain, and screening for comorbidities in improving pregnancy outcomes of obese women. Women with previous bariatric surgery should be screened for nutritional deficiencies and have a closer antenatal surveillance, according to all guidelines. In addition, folic acid supplementation is recommended for 1 to 3 months before conception and during the first trimester, but several discrepancies were identified with regard to other vitamins, iodine, calcium, and iron supplementation. All medical societies recommend early screening for gestational diabetes mellitus and early anesthetic assessment in obese women and suggest the use of aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia when additional risk factors are present, although the optimal dosage is controversial. The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Society of Obstetricians and Gynecologists of Canada, Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists point out that specific equipment and adequate resources must be readily available in all health care facilities managing obese pregnant women. Moreover, thromboprophylaxis and prophylactic antibiotics are indicated in case of cesarean delivery, and intrapartum fetal monitoring is justified during active labor in obese patients. However, there are no consistent protocols regarding the fetal surveillance, the monitoring of multiple gestations, the timing and mode of delivery, and the postpartum follow-up, although weight loss and breastfeeding are unanimously supported. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity in pregnancy is a significant contributor to maternal and perinatal morbidity with a constantly rising global prevalence among reproductive-aged women. Thus, the development of uniform international protocols for the effective management of obese women is of paramount importance to safely guide clinical practice and subsequently improve pregnancy outcomes.
Characterization of cord blood CD3(+) TCRVα7.2(+) CD161(high) T and innate lymphoid cells in the pregnancies with gestational diabetes, morbidly adherent placenta, and pregnancy hypertension diseases.; PROBLEM: Although pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GD), morbidly adherent placenta (MAP), and pregnancy hypertension (pHT) diseases lead to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), little is known about their effect on mucosal-associated invariant T (MAIT) and innate lymphoid cells (ILC) in the umbilical cord. This study aimed to quantify and characterize MAIT cells and ILCs in the cord blood of pregnant women with GD, MAP, and pHT diseases. METHOD OF STUDY: Cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMCs) were isolated by Ficoll-Paque gradient. CD3(+) TCRVα7.2(+) CD161(high) cells and ILC subsets were quantified by flow cytometry. CBMCs were stimulated with PMA/Ionomycin and Golgi Plug for 4 h and stained for IFN-γ, TNF-α, and granzyme B. The stained cells were analyzed on FACS ARIA III. RESULTS: Compared with healthy pregnancies, in the cord blood of the pHT group, elevated number of lymphocytes was observed. Moreover, the absolute number of IFN-γ producing CD4(+) or CD4(-) subsets of CD3(+) TCRVα7.2(+) CD161(high) cells as well as those producing granzyme B were significantly elevated in the pHT group compared to healthy controls suggesting increased MAIT cell activity in the pHT cord blood. Similarly, in the MAP group, the absolute number of total CD3(+) TCRVα7.2(+) CD161(high) cells, but not individual CD4(+) or negative subsets, were significantly increased compared with healthy controls' cord blood. Absolute numbers of total CD3(+) TCRVα7.2(+) CD161(high) cells and their subsets were comparable in the cord blood of the GD group compared with healthy controls. Finally, the absolute number of total ILCs and ILC3 subset were significantly elevated in only pHT cord blood compared with healthy controls. Our data also reveal that IFN-γ(+) or granzyme B(+) cell numbers negatively correlated with fetal birth weight. CONCLUSIONS: CD3(+) TCRVα7.2(+) CD161(high) cells and ILCs show unique expansion and activity in the cord blood of pregnant women with distinct diseases causing IUGR and may play roles in fetal growth restriction.
Synthesizing Core Outcome Sets for outcomes research in cohort studies: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Life course studies are designed to "collect once, use multiple times" for observational and, increasingly, interventional research. Core Outcome Sets (COS) are minimum sets developed for clinical trials by multi-stakeholder consensus methodologies. We aimed to synthesize published COS that might guide outcomes selection for early life cohorts with an interventional focus. METHODS: We searched PubMed, Medline, COMET, and CROWN for COS published before January 2021 relevant to four life stages (pregnancy, newborns, children <8 years, and parents (adults aged 18-50 years)). We synthesized core outcomes into overarching constructs. RESULTS: From 46 COS we synthesized 414 core outcomes into 118 constructs. "Quality of life", "adverse events", "medication use", "hospitalization", and "mortality" were consistent across all stages. For pregnancy, common constructs included "preterm birth", "delivery mode", "pre-eclampsia", "gestational weight gain", "gestational diabetes", and "hemorrhage"; for newborns, "birthweight", "small for gestational age", "neurological damage", and "morbidity" and "infection/sepsis"; for pediatrics, "pain", "gastrointestinal morbidity", "growth/weight", "breastfeeding", "feeding problems", "hearing", "neurodevelopmental morbidity", and "social development"; and for adults, "disease burden", "mental health", "neurological function/stroke", and "cardiovascular health/morbidity". CONCLUSION: This COS synthesis generated outcome constructs that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), relevant to life course research, and could position cohorts for trial capabilities. IMPACT: We synthesized existing Core Outcome Sets as a transparent methodology that could prioritize outcomes for lifecourse cohorts with an interventional focus. "Quality of life", "adverse events", "medication use", "hospitalization", and "mortality" are important outcomes across pregnancy, newborns, childhood, and early-to-mid-adulthood (the age range relevant to parents). Other common outcomes (such as "birthweight", "cognitive function/ability", "psychological health") are also highly relevant to lifecourse research. This synthesis could assist new early life cohorts to pre-select outcomes that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), are relevant to lifecourse research, and could position them for future trials and interventional capability.
[Factors determining the rate of weight gain of the human fetus in utero].; A brief review is given of the factors determining the rate of weight gain of the human fetus in utero. A number of genetic, metabolic and environmental factors are outlined. Knowledge of these factors is important in modern obstetric care.
Heterotopic growth of dysplastic cerebellum in frontal encephalocele in an infant of a diabetic mother.; An infant of a diabetic mother lived 13 days after birth. She had a small dysplastic 12.6 gm. brain, partly forming a frontal encephalocele. The uncleaved forebrain contained a mass of poorly organized heterotopic cerebellar cortex. The cerebellum itself had normal lamination, but was small and continuous with the dysplastic tissue. The ventricular system was absent except for a few midline ependymal rosettes, and the cerebral cortex was not developed. The cerebellar dysplasia resembled a proliferative and invasive lesion by its rostral extension.
Research Advances in the Roles of Circular RNAs in Pathophysiology and Early Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) refers to different degrees of glucose tolerance abnormalities that occur during pregnancy or are discovered for the first time, which can have a serious impact on the mother and the offspring. The screening of GDM mainly relies on the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 24-28 weeks of gestation. The early diagnosis and intervention of GDM can greatly improve adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, molecular markers for early prediction and diagnosis of GDM are currently lacking. Therefore, looking for GDM-specific early diagnostic markers has important clinical significance for the prevention and treatment of GDM and the management of subsequent maternal health. Circular RNA (circRNA) is a new type of non-coding RNA. Recent studies have found that circRNAs were involved in the occurrence and development of malignant tumors, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, etc., and could be used as the molecular marker for early diagnosis. Our previous research showed that circRNAs are differentially expressed in serum of GDM pregnant women in the second and third trimester, placental tissues during cesarean delivery, and cord blood. However, the mechanism of circular RNA in GDM still remains unclear. This article focuses on related circRNAs involved in insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction, speculating on the possible role of circRNAs in the pathophysiology of GDM under the current research context, and has the potential to serve as early molecular markers for the diagnosis of GDM.
Factors associated with development of early and late pulmonary hypertension in preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate factors associated with development of early and late pulmonary hypertension (E/LPH) in preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD). STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective case-control observational study of preterm infants with BPD admitted to a level IV referral neonatal intensive care unit over 5 years. We compared pre- and postnatal characteristics between infants with or without BPD-associated EPH and LPH. RESULTS: Fifty-nine out of 220 infants (26.8%) had LPH, while 85 out of 193 neonates (44%) had EPH. On multiple logistic regression, novel factors associated with development of BPD-LPH included presence of maternal diabetes, EPH, tracheostomy, tracheitis, intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH, grade ≥3) and systemic steroid use. For EPH, these were maternal diabetes, IVH grade ≥3, high frequency ventilator use, and absence of maternal antibiotics use. CONCLUSION: We identified novel factors and confirmed previously established factors with development of LPH and EPH, which can help develop a screening strategy in BPD patients.
An ultrastructural and ultrahistochemical study of the placenta of the diabetic woman.; An ultrastructural and ultrahistochemical study has been made of placentae from seven women, all of whom were established diabetics before the onset of pregnancy. None of these women had suffered from any of the hypertensive complications of pregnancy. Patchy focal syncytiotrophoblastic necrosis was evident and indirect evidence of syncytial damage was seen in the form of marked cytotrophoblastic hyperplasia. The syncytial necrosis appeared to be lysosomally mediated, possibly as a result of altered intracellular pH. Occasional cytotrophoblastic cells also showed degenerative changes. Most of the villous trophoblast was, however, morphologically normal and showed features suggestive of normal or increased synthetic, transfer and excretory activity. Focal thickening of the villous trophoblastic basement membrane was seen and this did not appear to be due to deposition of immune complexes. The endothelial cells of the villous capillaries appeared unduly immature but no evidence was seen of immune complex deposition in these vessels or of diabetic angiopathy. It is concluded that the diabetic's placenta shows a consistent pattern of abnormalities which appear to be a direct result of the diabetic state.
Association of bilateral renal agenesis and Di George syndrome in an infant of a diabetic mother.; We found at postmortem examination the association of bilateral renal agenesis and of apparently complete Di George syndrome in an infant whose mother was diabetic. Vertebral abnormalities and hallux duplication were present as well. There is a correlation between maternal diabetes and the bilateral renal agenesis-caudal dysplasia complex on one hand, and maternal diabetes and cardiac malformations on the other hand. Moreover, it has been suggested that the absence of thymus and parathyroids in Di George syndrome is causally linked to the cardiac malformation. Therefore we suggest that the association in our case is not coincidental; both sets of malformations may be due to the maternal diabetes.
Sleep-disordered breathing: a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes?; In nonpregnant populations, sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) has been associated with cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Few studies have examined the relationship between SDB and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO). The objective of this study was to examine the association between SDB and APO. Women who had a delivery as well as an in-laboratory polysomnogram (PSG) were identified. Demographics, PSG results, and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from the medical record. Absence of SDB was defined as an apnea hypopnea index (AHI) of <5, mild SDB as an AHI of 5 to 14.9, and moderate to severe SDB as an AHI of ≥15. The primary outcome was a composite measure of APO: pregnancy-related hypertension, gestational diabetes, or preterm birth ≤34 weeks. We identified 143 women who had undergone a PSG and a delivery. Increasing severity of SDB was associated with an increasing risk of the composite APO: AHI <5, 18.1%; AHI 5 to 14.9, 23.5%; AHI ≥15, 38.5% (p = 0.038). Obese women (body mass index ≥30) with moderate to severe SDB had the highest rate of APO, 41.7%. SDB, especially moderate to severe disease, may be associated with APO. However, it is unclear if SDB is a risk factor for APO independent of obesity.
Fetal hyperglycemia alters lung structural development in neonatal rat.; Maternal diabetes is associated with increased risk for abnormal fetal organogenesis, but its effects on the developing lungs are still insufficiently known. To determine the effect of maternal hyperglycemia on postnatal lung development, we studied lung structural and cellular changes in newborn rats exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia. We induced hyperglycemia in Sprague-Dawley rats with i.p. streptozotocin before pregnancy and allowed the hyperglycemic and control dams deliver at term. Lungs were obtained on postnatal day (d) 0, d7, and d14 and analyzed for lung weight and morphology, as well as cellular apoptosis (TUNEL staining) and proliferation (PCNA staining). Quantitative micro-CT analysis of the lung vasculature was additionally performed at d14. At birth, maternal hyperglycemia resulted in decreased relative lung weight, thinner alveolar septa and increased cellular apoptosis and proliferation, when compared to controls. At 1 and 2 weeks of age pulmonary cell apoptosis and alveolar chord length remained unchanged, but cell proliferation and number of secondary crests were increased in the hyperglycemia-exposed neonatal lungs in comparison with the controls. Density of small arterioles on histological examination and the structure of pulmonary arterial vasculature in micro-CT analysis of the neonatal lungs were not influenced by maternal hyperglycemia. Our results suggest, that maternal hyperglycemia is related to developmental structural alterations in postnatal rat lungs. These early changes may reflect aberrant maturational adaptation in response to the hyperglycemic fetal environment.
Decreased placental and transcellular permeation of cefuroxime in pregnant women with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The present study investigated the transcellular and placental permeation of cefuroxime, an antibiotic used in cesarean sections, in pregnant women with diabetes and hypertension. METHODS: Fifty-three women scheduled for cesarean section were divided into three groups: healthy women (n = 18), women with arterial hypertension (n = 21), and women with gestational diabetes (n = 14). All women received 1.5 g, i.v., cefuroxime. Cefuroxime concentrations were measured in maternal venous plasma before, during, and after delivery, as well as in fetal umbilical cord vein and artery plasma during delivery. The effects of diabetes and hypertension on cefuroxime placental-permeation were assessed by the fetomaternal plasma concentration ratios. Pharmacokinetic non-compartmental model analyses were performed and results were compared using anova. RESULTS: Fetomaternal drug concentration ratios were lower in the diabetic group than in the hypertensive and control groups. There were no significant differences in umbilical arterial : venous plasma drug concentration ratios in the diabetic and hypertensive groups compared with the control group. Apparent volume of distribution and clearance were significantly lower in the diabetic group compared with the control and hypertensive groups. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes led to decreased placental transfer of cefuroxime, as well as volume of distribution and clearance, but did not affect other pharmacokinetic parameters. Hypertension had no significant effect on the permeation of cefuroxime or on its pharmacokinetics. Prophylactic concentrations of cefuroxime were reached in all groups, but the dosing time of cefuroxime should not be less than 30 min or greater than 2 h prior to delivery.
Medical record review to recover missing data in a Portuguese birth cohort: agreement with self-reported data collected by questionnaire and inter-rater variability.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the yield of medical record review to recover missing data originally collected by questionnaire, to analyze the agreement between these two data sources and to determine interobserver variability in clinical record review. METHODS: We analyzed data from a birth cohort of 8,127 women who were consecutively recruited after giving birth from 2005-2006. Recruitment was conducted at all public maternity units of Porto, Portugal. We reviewed the medical records of 3,657 women with missing data in the baseline questionnaire and assessed agreement between these two sources by using information from participants with data from both sources. Interobserver variability was assessed by using 400 randomly selected clinical records. RESULTS: Data on pregnancy complications and maternal anthropometric parameters were successfully recovered. Agreement between the questionnaire and records in family history data was fair, particularly for cardiovascular disease [k=0.27; 95% confidence interval (95%CI): 0.23-0.32]. The highest agreement was observed for personal history of diabetes (k=0.82; 95%CI 0.70-0.93), while agreement for hypertension was moderate (k=0.60; 95%CI 0.50-0.69). Discrepancies in prepregnancy body mass index classes were observed in 10.3% women. Data were highly consistent between the two reviewers, with the highest agreement found for gestational diabetes (k=1.00) and birth weight (99.5% concordance). CONCLUSION: Data from the medical records and questionnaire were concordant with regard to pregnancy and well-known risk factors. The low interobserver variability did not threaten the precision of our data.
High baby birth weight and risk of hormone-associated cancer in mothers: the cancer-cardiovascular disease dichotomy and its possible causes.; The idea of intrauterine or fetal factors being the cause of several prevalent noninfectious diseases in adults has recently gained the status of an axiom. One of the most thoroughly studied predictors is birth weight (BW). Although many published studies point at relations between BW and later adult morbidity or mortality, much less attention is paid to associations between baby BW and maternal morbidity. Available data suggest a sort of dichotomy in these relationships. Thus, cardiovascular risk is higher in mothers of babies with a reduced BW, while cancer risk, mainly of the breast and some other hormone-dependent cancers, is often higher among mothers of babies with a large BW (newborn macrosomia). This review addresses possible causes and endocrine mechanisms of this topic and suggests a 'particular' and 'general' solution for arising controversy. Emphasis is placed on a probable competition between chronic diseases (mainly, between female hormone-related cancer and cardiovascular pathology) within the concept of multiple causes of death. These associations should be remembered while studying the relation between offspring BW and maternal predisposition to hormone-associated cancers and other noncommunicable diseases.
Effect of exposure to maternal diabetes during pregnancy on offspring's brain cortical thickness and neurocognitive functioning.; Little is known about the long-term effects of maternal diabetes during pregnancy (DP), either gestational diabetes or preexisting diabetes (type 1 or type 2), on offspring's brain morphometry and neurocognitive functioning (NCF). This study examined the effect of prenatal exposure to maternal DP on the brain structure and NCF in children between 9 and 10 years of age. This study used cross-sectional neuroimaging and NCF data from the baseline wave of the Adolescent Brain and Cognitive Development® study. Exposure to maternal DP was assigned from the developmental history questionnaire. Differences in the brain cortical thickness (CTh) and five cognitive abilities (executive function, working and episodic memory, processing speed, and language abilities) were examined in diabetes-exposed and diabetes-unexposed children. Linear mixed effect models and generalized linear models were used to adjust for the effect of confounding variables. A total of 9,967 children (718 diabetes-exposed and 9249 unexposed) were included in the analysis. Diabetes-exposed children had lower whole-brain CTh [mean: exposed vs unexposed = 2.725 mm vs 2.732 mm; difference (95%CI): -0.007 mm (-0.013, -0.001)] compared to unexposed children after adjusting for confounding variables. Diabetes-exposed children had lower CTh in most part of the occipital lobe of both hemispheres, right postcentral gyrus, and left superior parietal cortex. Diabetes-exposed children also had lower scores in processing speed task [mean difference (95%CI): -1.7 (-2.8, -0.6)] and total cognition [mean difference (95%CI): -0.6 (-1.2, -0.02)]. Diabetes-exposed children have reduced CTh and NCF during preadolescence, which might have implications for psychomotor development during later life. Prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Associations of perceived prenatal stress and adverse pregnancy outcomes with perceived stress years after delivery.; Maternal stress is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). This study evaluates the associations of prenatal stress and APOs with maternal stress years after pregnancy. The 10-item Perceived Stress Scale (PSS) (0-40 range) was completed in the first and third trimesters, and 2-7 years after delivery among a subsample (n = 4161) of nulliparous women enrolled at eight US medical centers between 2010 and 2013 in a prospective, observational cohort study. Demographics, medical history, and presence of APOs (gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preeclampsia (PE), and medically indicated or spontaneous preterm birth (miPTB, sPTB)) were obtained. The associations of prenatal PSS and the presence of APOs with PSS scores years after delivery were estimated using multivariable linear regression. Mean PSS scores were 12.5 (95% CI 12.3, 12.7) and 11.3 (95% CI 11.1, 11.5) in the first and third trimesters respectively and 14.9 (95% CI 14.7, 15.1) 2-7 years later, an average increase of 2.4 points (95% CI 2.2, 2.6) from the start of pregnancy. Regressing PSS scores after delivery on first-trimester PSS and PSS increase through pregnancy showed positive associations, with coefficients (95% CI) of 2.8 (2.7, 3.0) and 1.5 (1.3, 1.7) per 5-point change, respectively. Adding APO indicator variables separately showed higher PSS scores for women with HDP (0.7 [0.1, 1.3]), PE (1.3 [0.6, 2.1]), and miPTB (1.3 [0.2, 2.4]), but not those with GDM or sPTB. In this geographically and demographically diverse sample, prenatal stress and some APOs were positively associated with stress levels 2-7 years after pregnancy.ClinicalTrials.gov Registration number NCT02231398.
Modulation of adenosine transport by insulin in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells from normal or gestational diabetic pregnancies.; 1. Adenosine transport was measured in human cultured umbilical artery smooth muscle cells, isolated from non-diabetic or gestational diabetic pregnancies, under basal conditions and after pretreatment in vitro with insulin. 2. Adenosine transport in non-diabetic smooth muscle cells was significantly increased by insulin (half-maximal stimulation at 0.33 +/- 0.02 nM, 8 h) and characterized by a higher maximal rate (V(max)) for nitrobenzylthioinosine (NBMPR)-sensitive (es) saturable nucleoside transport (17 +/- 5 vs. 52 +/- 12 pmol (microg protein)(-1) min(-1), control vs. insulin, respectively) and maximal binding sites (B(max)) for [(3)H]NBMPR (0.66 +/- 0.07 vs. 1.1 +/- 0.1 fmol (microg protein)(-1), control vs. insulin, respectively), with no significant changes in Michaelis-Menten (K(m)) and dissociation (K(d)) constants. 3. In contrast, in smooth muscle cells from diabetic pregnancies, where the values of V(max) for adenosine transport (59 +/- 4 pmol (microg protein)(-1) min(-1)) and B(max) for [(3)H]NBMPR binding (1.62 +/- 0.16 fmol (microg protein)(-1)) were significantly elevated by comparison with non-diabetic cells, insulin treatment (1 nM, 8 h) reduced the V(max) for adenosine transport and B(max) for [(3)H]NBMPR binding to levels detected in non-diabetic cells. 4. In non-diabetic cells, the stimulatory effect of insulin on adenosine transport was mimicked by dibutyryl cGMP (100 nM) and reduced by inhibitors of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (10 nM wortmannin), nitric oxide synthase (100 microM N (G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester, L-NAME) or protein synthesis (1 microM cycloheximide), whereas inhibition of adenylyl cyclase (100 microM SQ-22536) had no effect. 5. Wortmannin or SQ-22536, but not L-NAME or cycloheximide, attenuated the inhibitory action of insulin on the diabetes-induced stimulation of adenosine transport. 6. Protein levels of inducible NO synthase (iNOS) were similar in non-diabetic and diabetic cells, but were increased by insulin (1 nM, 8 h) only in non-diabetic smooth muscle cells. 7. Our results suggest that adenosine transport via the es nucleoside transporter is modulated differentially by insulin in either cell type. Insulin increased adenosine transport in non-diabetic cells via NO and cGMP, but inhibited the diabetes-elevated adenosine transport via activation of adenylyl cyclase, suggesting that the biological actions of adenosine may be altered under conditions of sustained hyperglycaemia in uncontrolled diabetes.
Role of the glucose tolerance test as a predictor of preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) play a role as predictors of preeclampsia (PET) in pregnant women. METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was conducted in 2,002 singleton pregnancies that had a uterine artery (UtA) Doppler at 22-25 weeks and an OGTT. The UtA Doppler and OGTT were adjusted based on maternal characteristics, and the results were expressed as multiples of the expected normal median and compared between groups. Logistic regression analysis was used to determine whether maternal characteristics, OGTT, and UtA Doppler significantly contribute to the prediction of early- (<34 weeks), intermediate- (34-37 weeks), or late-onset (>37 weeks) PET. The performance of the screening was determined by ROC curves. RESULTS: Women who developed PET were characterized by an older maternal age, an increased body mass index, and an altered UtA Doppler. The group with intermediate-onset PET was the only one associated with higher 2-hour OGTT levels compared to controls. Combined models were developed via logistic regression analysis using maternal characteristics, UtA Doppler, and OGTT to predict PET. These combined models were able to detect around 74, 42, and 21% of women who later developed early-, intermediate-, or late-onset PET, respectively, with only a 5% false-positive rate. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows that the combination of maternal characteristics, second-trimester UtA Doppler, and OGTT is a predictor of the development of PET in healthy pregnant women.
Prostanoid production in umbilical vessels and its relation to glucose tolerance and umbilical artery flow resistance.; OBJECTIVE: To study prostanoid synthesis in umbilical vessels relative to maternal glucose tolerance and umbilical artery blood flow resistance. STUDY DESIGN: Umbilical artery pulsatility index was determined by Doppler velocimetry in 21 women with diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance and 10 healthy women. Segments from the umbilical artery and vein were incubated and prostacyclin (PGI2) and thromboxane (TxA2) metabolites determined. Statistical analyses with the Mann-Whitney U test, Kruskal-Wallis test, Wilcoxon signed-ranks matched-pairs test, contingency table analysis, Fisher's exact test, and simple linear regression analysis were used and a two-tailed P value of < 0.05 considered statistically significant. RESULTS: No significant difference in PGI2 or TxA2 production was found in umbilical vessels between the women with diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance and controls, but the PGI2/TxA2 ratio in the vein was significantly lower in the diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance group. The umbilical artery pulsatility index was positively correlated to the PGI2/TxA2 ratio in cord vessel segments and to cord plasma TxA2 concentration. The cord plasma TxA2 concentration was significantly higher in cases with a high umbilical artery pulsatility index. The prostanoid production was not correlated to maternal HbA1c or cord plasma C-peptide concentrations. CONCLUSIONS: In association with diabetes, an increased 'peroxide vascular tone' and an enhanced 'endoperoxide shift' between platelets and vascular endothelium may explain the unexpected positive correlation found between the umbilical artery pulsatility index and the vascular PGI2/TxA2 synthesis ratio.
Surveillance of the diabetic pregnancy with antepartum fetal nonstress testing and urinary estriol excretion.; The value of daily fetal heart rate (FHR) nonstress test (NST) and 24-hour urinary excretion of estriol (E3) were compared in a consecutive series of 76 diabetic pregnancies. The NST scoring system (0-10 points) employed included monitoring of fetal movements in addition to evaluation of FHR decelerations, accelerations as well as frequency and amplitude of oscillations. Patients were delivered electively after 38 weeks of gestation unless spontaneous labor began earlier or if delivery was indicated for either maternal reasons or presumed fetal distress. Fetal distress was believed to be present if two consecutive NST scores were 6 points or less. Seven patients had a day-to-day E3 fall of 50% or more at least once. Six of these patients had normal NST scores and 5 of the infants showed no signs of asphyxia at delivery. Forty-two patients had E3 drops of 30-50% and 27 patients had E3 drops of less than 30%; in contrast, the NST scores were 6 or less in 15 patients but were normal the next day. These data indicate that measurements of urinary excretion of E3 give many false alarms of fetal jeopardy and that daily NST can replace measurement of urinary excretion of E3 and reduce unwarranted intervention and unnecessary prematurity.
Maternal complications in pregnancy and wheezing in early childhood: a pooled analysis of 14 birth cohorts.; BACKGROUND: Evidence on the effect of maternal complications in pregnancy on wheezing in offspring is still insufficient. METHODS: A pooled analysis was performed on individual participant data from fourteen European birth cohorts to assess the relationship between several maternal pregnancy complications and wheezing symptoms in the offspring. Exposures of interest included hypertension and preeclampsia, diabetes, as well as pre-pregnancy overweight (body mass index between 25 and 29.9) and obesity (body mass index ≥ 30) compared with normal weight (body mass index between 18.5 and 24.9). Outcomes included both ever and recurrent wheezing from birth up to 12-24 months of age. Cohort-specific crude and adjusted risk ratios (RR) were calculated using log-binomial regression models and then pooled using a random effects model. RESULTS: The study included 85509 subjects. Cohort-specific prevalence of ever wheezing varied from 20.0% to 47.3%, and of recurrent wheezing from 3.0% to 14.3%. Adjusted pooled RR for ever and recurrent wheezing were: 1.02 (95% CI: 0.98-1.06) and 1.20 (95% CI: 0.98-1.47) for hypertensive disorders; 1.09 (95% CI: 1.01-1.18) and 1.23 (95% CI: 1.07-1.43) for preeclampsia; 1.04 (95% CI: 0.97-1.13) and 1.24 (95% CI: 0.86-1.79) for diabetes; 1.08 (95% CI: 1.05-1.11) and 1.19 (95% CI: 1.12-1.26) for overweight; 1.12 (95% CI: 1.08-1.17) and 1.16 (95% CI: 0.97-1.39) for obesity. No heterogeneity was found in RR estimates among the cohorts, except for diabetes and recurrent wheezing (P=0.027). CONCLUSIONS: Preeclampsia, maternal pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity are associated with an increase risk of wheezing in the offspring.
Complete large bowel duplication with paraduodenal cyst: prenatal sonographic features.; OBJECTIVES: To illustrate diagnostic dilemmas while considering a diagnosis of complete large bowel duplication and duodenal duplication cysts. METHODS: A case of large bowel dilatation with a peripancreatic cyst was identified sonographically in a 27-year-old gravida 3 at 35 weeks of gestation, suffering from gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension. RESULTS: On the basis of sonographic findings of dilated, hyperperistaltic large bowel loops, and a large cyst with echo-free contents near the pancreas, a diagnosis of large bowel obstruction with a paraduodenal cyst was considered. The findings were confirmed after postnatal ultrasonography. At the time of surgery, it proved to be a completely duplicated large bowel with a paraduodenal cyst. CONCLUSION: Prenatal findings of a hugely dilated, hyperperistaltic large bowel should lead one to suspect/consider large bowel duplication. Associated cysts are likely to be bowel duplication cysts. Timely intervention can thus obviate potentially serious complications.
Prolactin levels in umbilical cord blood of human infants: relation to gestational age, maternal complications, and neonatal lung function.; The ontogeny of serum prolactin and its relation to several variables, especially lung function, in 543 neonates was studied. Umbilical cord serum prolactin levels rose between 24 and 42 weeks' gestation, correlating significantly (p less than 0.001) with gestational age (r = 0.44) and birth weight (r = 0.32). Among infants of similar ages, however, there was no variation in serum prolactin level as a function of birth weight, sex, Apgar scores, or delivery method. Infants of women with pregnancy-induced hypertension had higher than normal prolactin levels; infants of diabetic women had normal prolactin levels. At 31.5 to 37 weeks' gestation, infants who developed respiratory distress syndrome had lower serum prolactin levels than those whose lung function was normal or else was abnormal from causes other respiratory distress syndrome. The risk for respiratory distress syndrome was higher in newborns whose prolactin level was low (10th percentile) than in infants whose prolactin level was high (90th percentile). These results are suggestive that prolactin may play a role in fetal lung maturation.
[Intracellular potassium in normal and pathological pregnancy. II. Experimental results].; Intraerythrocyte potassium was determined on samples from 198 physiologic, 88 hypertensive and 92 diabetic pregnant women. An increasing trend was observed during puerperium after the day 3, but a significant difference among the groups was not detected. These results may be due to a wider involvement of other cations (sodium, calcium) in the pathophysiology of pregnancy.
An infant born to a mother with gestational diabetes presenting with 49,XXXXY syndrome and renal agenesis-a case report.; 49,XXXXY is a rare sex chromosome polysomy with an incidence of 1 in 85 000 male births. It has a characteristic triad of mental retardation, skeletal malformation and hypogonadism. This is the first case report of a child with 49,XXXXY syndrome and renal agenesis. This child was referred for genetic testing at 14 years of age due to facial dysmorphism and hypergonadotropic hypogonadism. He had coarse facial features, cryptorchidism of the right testis, genu valgus deformities, and patent ductus arteriosus which are known associations of 49,XXXXY syndrome. He also had agenesis of the right kidney, hydronephrosis of the left kidney with hydroureter which is not a known association of 49,XXXXY syndrome. The patient was the offspring of a mother with gestational diabetes. There is a strong correlation between maternal diabetes and congenital anomalies, especially renal and cardiovascular anomalies. Additionally, it has been noted that gestational diabetes increases the incidence of chromosomal aneuploidies. The teratogenic effects of maternal diabetes during embryogenesis may be the causative factor for the final phenotype of 49,XXXXY syndrome and renal agenesis.
Fetal heart rate changes during diabetic ketosis.; A case of diabetic ketosis during pregnancy is presented in which the fetal heart rate tracing demonstrated tachycardia complicated by late and severe variable decelerations. Intravenous administration of insulin resulted in prompt abolition of the deceleration patterns. The implications of these findings are discussed.
Preanesthesia medical evaluation for electroconvulsive therapy: a review of the literature.; OBJECTIVE: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is widely used for the treatment of psychiatric disorders, yet there is few published literature to guide the practitioner in the preprocedural evaluation of patients. Based on a review of the literature, we sought to develop a concise, algorithmic approach to be used when evaluating patients for ECT, including those with underlying conditions, such as cardiovascular and neurological disorders. METHODS: The databases of Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, the Web of Knowledge, and PsychINFO were searched from January 2000 through December 2011. All abstracts were reviewed for relevancy to preprocedural ECT evaluation, and full articles of selected abstracts were reviewed in full, along with bibliographies of each. Algorithms were then constructed using the clinical information obtained from the selected articles. RESULTS: Our review of the literature located 275 articles using the search criteria. After review, 38 articles were selected. A total of 167 articles were excluded because they did not pertain to medical comorbidities in patients undergoing ECT, and an additional 70 were excluded because they did not pertain to ECT. Bibliography review of the selected articles located an additional 10 articles. CONCLUSIONS: Although ECT is generally a safe and effective therapy, some patient subgroups, such as those with certain cardiac conditions or history of cerebrovascular disease, require additional evaluation or, rarely, postponement of ECT. Chronic medical conditions should be optimized before undergoing ECT. Most patient populations are able to undergo ECT safely and effectively.
A nondysraphic paraspinal mass and a ventricular septal defect: unusual components of diabetes-induced mesodermal derangement.; Solitary paraspinal masses in the pediatric age group commonly occur secondary to spinal dysraphism, chronic inflammatory conditions, and tumors. We describe the unusual case of a 10-year-old boy with a nondysraphic, paraspinal mass that had occurred secondary to congenital spinal epidural lipomatosis (SEL) in the setting of poorly controlled maternal type-I diabetes mellitus. The mass was picked up along with a ventricular septal defect (VSD) on an antenatal ultrasonogram. This is the first report in literature of SEL presenting as a solitary paraspinal mass at birth, and in the unusual setting of an antenatal mesodermal derangement that simultaneously engendered a VSD.
Congenital hyperinsulinism in a newborn with a novel homozygous mutation (p.Q392H) in the ABCC8 gene.; Congenital hyperinsulinism is the most frequent cause of persistent hypoglycemia in infancy. We present the case of a preterm, large-for-gestation-age infant with congenital hyperinsulinism who was found to have a novel p.Q392H homozygous mutation in the ABCC8 gene. The patient had severe brain damage, despite early diagnosis and appropriate management. The new mutations may provide an understanding of the prognosis and treatment of the disease. In addition, the data will help the family make informed decisions about future pregnancies.
Sex-Differences in the Metabolic Health of Offspring of Parents with Diabetes: A Record-Linkage Study.; Maternal diabetes in pregnancy affects offspring health. The impact of parental diabetes on offspring health is unclear. We investigated the impact of parental diabetes on the metabolic-health of adult-offspring who did not themselves have diabetes. Data from the Generation Scotland: Scottish Family Health Study, a population-based family cohort, were record-linked to subjects' own diabetes medical records. From F0-parents, we identified F1-offspring of: mothers with diabetes (OMD, n = 409), fathers with diabetes (OFD, n = 468), no parent with diabetes (ONoPD, n = 2489). Metabolic syndrome, body, biochemical measurements and blood-pressures were compared between F1-offspring groups by sex. A higher proportion of female OMD had metabolic syndrome than female OFD or ONoPD (P<0.0001). In female offspring, predictors of metabolic syndrome were: having a mother with diabetes (OR = 1.78, CI 1.03-3.07, [reference ONoPD]), body mass index (BMI, OR = 1.21, CI 1.13-1.30) and age (OR = 1.03, CI 1.01-1.06). In male offspring, predictors of metabolic syndrome were: BMI (OR = 1.18, CI 1.09-1.29) and percent body-fat (OR = 1.12, CI 1.05-1.19). In both sexes, OMD had higher blood-pressures than OFD (P<0.0001). In females, OMD had higher glucose (P<0.0001) and percent body-fat (P<0.0001) compared with OFD or ONoPD. OMD and OFD both had increased waist-measurements (P<0.0001), BMI (P<0.0001) and percent body-fat (P<0.0001) compared with ONoPD. Female OMD and OFD had lower HDL-cholesterol levels (P<0.0001) than female ONoPD. Parental diabetes is associated with higher offspring-BMI and body-fat. In female offspring, maternal diabetes increased the odds of metabolic syndrome, even after adjusting for BMI. Further investigations are required to determine the mechanisms involved.
First-trimester screening for large-for-gestational-age infants.; OBJECTIVES: To examine the relationship between newborn birth weight and first-trimester uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility index (PI), maternal characteristics, serum pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), free β-human chorionic gonadotropin (β-hCG) and fetal nuchal translucency (NT) thickness. We also examined the results of screening for large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonates by an integrated first-trimester approach incorporating these parameters. METHODS: We evaluated maternal characteristics, fetal NT, PAPP-A, free β-hCG and UtA-PI in 2097 singleton pregnancies at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks' gestation. Linear models based on quasi Akaike's Information Criterion were used to determine the best predictive model for fetal birth weight. The patient-specific risk of delivering an LGA infant was derived from multiple logistic regression analysis and the performance of screening was determined by receiver-operating characteristics curve analysis. RESULTS: The best predictive models for fetal birth weight included UtA-PI, PAPP-A, NT, parity, maternal age, smoking status, weight, height and free β-hCG. In pregnancies delivering LGA newborns compared with non-LGA pregnancies, PAPP-A and NT thickness were significantly increased (P = 0.016 and 0.001, respectively) and UtA-PI was significantly decreased (P = 0.011). A combination of maternal factors with PAPP-A, fetal NT and UtA-PI identified 34.4% of LGA newborns for a false-positive rate of 10%. CONCLUSIONS: This study showed an association between newborn birth weight and maternal factors, and first-trimester PAPP-A, β-hCG, fetal NT and UtA-PI. Together, these factors can be used to identify over a third of pregnancies that will deliver LGA infants.
Cardiac Med1 deletion promotes early lethality, cardiac remodeling, and transcriptional reprogramming.; The mediator complex, a multisubunit nuclear complex, plays an integral role in regulating gene expression by acting as a bridge between transcription factors and RNA polymerase II. Genetic deletion of mediator subunit 1 (Med1) results in embryonic lethality, due in large part to impaired cardiac development. We first established that Med1 is dynamically expressed in cardiac development and disease, with marked upregulation of Med1 in both human and murine failing hearts. To determine if Med1 deficiency protects against cardiac stress, we generated two cardiac-specific Med1 knockout mouse models in which Med1 is conditionally deleted (Med1cKO mice) or inducibly deleted in adult mice (Med1cKO-MCM mice). In both models, cardiac deletion of Med1 resulted in early lethality accompanied by pronounced changes in cardiac function, including left ventricular dilation, decreased ejection fraction, and pathological structural remodeling. We next defined how Med1 deficiency alters the cardiac transcriptional profile using RNA-sequencing analysis. Med1cKO mice demonstrated significant dysregulation of genes related to cardiac metabolism, in particular genes that are coordinated by the transcription factors Pgc1α, Pparα, and Errα. Consistent with the roles of these transcription factors in regulation of mitochondrial genes, we observed significant alterations in mitochondrial size, mitochondrial gene expression, complex activity, and electron transport chain expression under Med1 deficiency. Taken together, these data identify Med1 as an important regulator of vital cardiac gene expression and maintenance of normal heart function.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Disruption of transcriptional gene expression is a hallmark of dilated cardiomyopathy; however, its etiology is not well understood. Cardiac-specific deletion of the transcriptional coactivator mediator subunit 1 (Med1) results in dilated cardiomyopathy, decreased cardiac function, and lethality. Med1 deletion disrupted cardiac mitochondrial and metabolic gene expression patterns.
Cardiovascular origins of preeclampsia.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review the current data on maternal cardiovascular adaptation in normal pregnancy and preeclampsia. RECENT FINDINGS: Defective placentation causes early-onset preeclampsia, a disease entity that is considered more or less distinct from late-onset preeclampsia. The latter has been attributed as 'maternal' preeclampsia. There are inconsistencies with the placental origins hypothesis, especially when considering the lack of a causative association with abnormal placental histology or impaired fetal growth. An alternative explanation is that placental dysfunction is secondary to maternal cardiovascular maladaptation in pregnancy. The concept that placental dysfunction is secondary to a maternal disorder is not new when one considers the clinical similarities between preeclampsia and gestational diabetes - both pregnancy-specific conditions that are cured by birth. It is accepted that gestational diabetes develops when the maternal pancreas is unable to manage the increasing glucose load of pregnancy. It is now apparent that pregnancy presents a substantial cardiovascular load on the maternal heart, and that cardiovascular dysfunction precedes the disorder, predominates in the clinical syndrome and persists for several decades postpartum. It is time to consider the evidence that failure of the maternal cardiovascular system to adapt to pregnancy may well be the primary mechanism leading to secondary placental dysfunction in preeclampsia. SUMMARY: Many of the existing paradoxes of preeclampsia challenge the placental origin hypothesis and are explained if one considered preeclampsia to be a cardiovascular syndrome.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. RESULTS: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. DISCUSSION: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Are adverse pregnancy outcomes risk factors for development of end-stage renal disease in women with diabetes?; BACKGROUND: It is unknown whether adverse pregnancy-related outcomes in women with pregestational diabetes are associated with later development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) or death. METHODS: We linked data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway with data from the Norwegian Renal Registry and the Norwegian Cause of Death Registry. Data from up to three pregnancies for women with a first singleton delivery from 1967 to 1994 were included and analysed in a cohort design using Cox regression. RESULTS: Altogether, 639,018 women were included in the analyses, among whom 2204 women had diabetes mellitus before pregnancy. Their first pregnancy was complicated by pre-eclampsia in 13.2%, low birth weight offspring (<2.5 kg) in 11.0% and preterm birth in 25.1%, and their risk of ESRD and death in the follow-up period of up to 37 years was markedly higher. In women with pregestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and preterm birth were associated with significantly increased risks of ESRD and death in women with only one pregnancy, but not in women with two or more pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: In women with pregestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and preterm birth were associated with long-term increased risk of ESRD and death, but only in women who had only one pregnancy.
The role of miRNAs in insulin resistance and diabetic macrovascular complications - A review.; Diabetes is the most prevalent metabolic disturbance disease and has been regarded globally as one of the principal causes of mortality. Diabetes is accompanied by several macrovascular complications, including stroke, coronary artery disease (CAD), and cardiomyopathy as a consequence of atherosclerosis. The onset of type 2 diabetes is closely related to insulin resistance (IR). miRNAs have been linked to various metabolic processes, including glucose homeostasis, regulation of lipid metabolism, gluconeogenesis, adipogenesis, glucose transporter type 4 expression, insulin sensitivity, and signaling. Consequently, miRNA dysregulation mediates IR in some target organs, comprising liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. Moreover, miRNAs are crucial in developing diabetes and its associated macrovascular complications through their roles in several signaling pathways implicated in inflammation, apoptosis, cellular survival and migration, the proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells, neurogenesis, angiogenesis, autophagy, oxidative stress, cardiac remodeling, and fibrosis. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to clarify the role of miRNAs in hepatic, muscle, and adipose tissue IR and explain their roles in the pathogenesis of macrovascular diabetic complications, including stroke, CAD, and cardiomyopathy. Also, explain their roles in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Besides, this review discusses the latest updates on the alteration of miRNA expression in diabetic macrovascular complications.
Use of a beta 2-sympathomimetic drug as a temporizing measure in the treatment of acute fetal distress.; Severe fetal distress in labor is an obstetric emergency which may result in the delivery of a severely asphyxiated baby or even death of the fetus. This problem may be compounded by a hurried mechanical vaginal delivery or by delay before a cesarean section can be performed. The rationale for using a beta sympathomimetric drug as a temporizing measure in the treatment of fetal distress to prevent deterioration in and even to improve the condition of the fetus before delivery is discussed. Six cases are described in which hexoprenaline (Ipradol), a beta2-selective sympathomimetic drug, has been administered as a 10 microgram intravenous bolus in the treatment of acute fetal distress in labor.
Abnormal Fetal Growth: Small for Gestational Age, Fetal Growth Restriction, Large for Gestational Age: Definitions and Epidemiology.; Abnormal fetal growth (growth restriction and overgrowth) is associated with perinatal morbidity, mortality, and lifelong risks to health. To describe abnormal growth, "small for gestational age" and "large for gestational age" are commonly used terms. However, both are statistical definitions of fetal size below or above a certain threshold related to a reference population, rather than referring to an abnormal condition. Fetuses can be constitutionally small or large and thus healthy, whereas fetuses with seemingly normal size can be growth restricted or overgrown. Although golden standards to detect abnormal growth are lacking, understanding of both pathologic conditions has improved significantly.
Recent developments in the understanding and management of diabetic retinopathy.; The natural history of diabetic retinopathy, one of the leading causes of visual impairment in the United States, is well described; its pathogenesis, however, is poorly understood. The Diabetic Retinopathy Study and the Early Treatment of Diabetic Retinopathy Study have demonstrated that timely intervention with photocoagulation prevents visual loss. However, recent studies demonstrate that many diabetic patients are not being referred to ophthalmologists for timely treatment. Suggested management and referral strategies are presented in this article.
[Pregnancy in obese women (A'uthor's transl)].; Between 1969 and 1971 4,749 antenatal patients were observed. Compared to the tables for ideal weights of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Statistical Bureau, 26.76 percent of the patients were above ideal weight and 11.35 percent of the patients were obese. It was found that complications and illnesses during the pregnancy increased progressively with weight groups above the ideal weight. Hypertension was five times as frequent in obese women than normal, edema and proteinuria were common. Pre-eclampsia was more common in the obese. Varicosities occurred much more often in the maternity cases above normal weight and with obesity.
Alcohol consumption before pregnancy causes detrimental fetal development and maternal metabolic disorders.; Alcohol consumption before or during pregnancy poses serious health risks to the fetus; however, the underlying mechanisms involved remain obscure. Here, we investigated whether ethanol consumption before pregnancy affects maternal or fetal health and whether pharmacological inhibition of CYP2E1, a major ethanol oxidation enzyme, by 4-methylpyrazole (4-MP) has therapeutic effects. We found that ethanol consumption (5%) 2 weeks before pregnancy resulted in a decrease in the number of viable fetuses and abnormal fetal development, and these effects were accompanied by impaired maternal glucose homeostasis and hepatic steatosis during pregnancy. Neonates of ethanol-fed mice had postnatal macrosomia and significantly decreased growth rates during the lactation period. However, treatment with 4-MP, a CYP2E1 inhibitor, markedly ameliorated the reduction in insulin action and glucose disposal responsiveness in the livers of ethanol-fed mice. Blockage of CYP2E1 significantly reduced the alteration in hepatic lipid deposition, fatty acid oxidation, mitochondrial energy status, and macrophage infiltration observed in ethanol-fed mice. Finally, there was a positive correlation between postnatal macrosomia or growth retardation and increased inflammatory responses. Collectively, our study suggests that even moderate ethanol intake may be detrimental to fetal development and may cause growth retardation through maternal metabolic disorders.
Prevalence and associated factors of restless leg syndrome (RLS) in Pakistani women during pregnancy.; There is a dearth of literature studying restless leg syndrome (RLS) among pregnant patients in Pakistan. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and associated factors of RLS among pregnant Pakistani patients. It was conducted in 2018 among 478 women attending ante-natal check-up in the outpatient department of five hospitals in Karachi, Pakistan. Individuals were interviewed for socio-demographic information, the key criteria for RLS and its associated factors. RLS was reported in 54 (11%) individuals based on International Restless Legs Syndrome Study Group (IRLSSG) criteria. The mean age was 33.44 ± 4.42 years. Association between pregnant women with RLS and those without reveals statistically significant differences with increasing age (p=.01), gravida (p<.01) and para (p<.001). RLS was significant among working women (p=.001), during third trimester (p=.001), with insomnia (p<.001), use of tobacco (p<.001) and among women with gestational diabetes (p<.001), hypertension (p<.001). The study showed a low prevalence of RLS among women during pregnancy. It further reported gestational diabetes, hypertension, insomnia and tobacco use to be independently linked to RLS. Impact StatementWhat is already known on this subject? Pregnancy has been demonstrated to be strongly associated with development of secondary restless leg syndrome (RLS). RLS in pregnancy has also been shown to portend poor maternal and neonatal outcomes such as postpartum depression and preterm birth. Various conditions and lifestyle factors in pregnancy have been shown to be associated with the development of RLS, but there are variations in these across different populations.What do the results of this study add? The prevalence of RLS was only reported twice in pregnant patients in Pakistan and our research helps to address this data shortage. In addition, the results of our study document a strong association of RLS with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes and also show that smoking and exercise were correlated with RLS during pregnancy, both of which were previously unstudied in the pregnant Pakistani population.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Demonstrating the prevalence of RLS in pregnant Pakistani patients highlights the need to screen these patients, particularly those with associated conditions identified in our findings, for RLS during antenatal visits and to treat their condition to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Gestational diabetes induces alterations of sirtuins in fetal endothelial cells.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has long-term consequences for the offspring. Sirtuins (SIRTs) are associated with vascular and metabolic functions. We studied the impact of GDM on SIRT activity and expression in fetal endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs) and human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from pregnancies complicated by GDM. METHODS: ECFCs and HUVECs were isolated from cord and cord blood of 10 uncomplicated pregnancies (NPs) and 10 GDM pregnancies. Nicotinamidadenindinukleotid (NAD(+)) concentration, SIRT1 and SIRT3 activity, transcription levels of SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT4, and protein levels of SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT4 were determined in vitro with or without SIRT activators resveratrol (RSV) and paeonol. RESULTS: Fetal ECFCs from GDM pregnancies showed a decreased NAD(+) concentration, reduced SIRT1 and SIRT3 activity, and lower transcription levels of SIRT1, SIRT3, and SIRT4. HUVECs from GDM pregnancies had decreased NAD(+) concentrations and transcription levels of SIRT1 and SIRT4. RSV markedly enhanced the expression and activity of SIRTs in ECFCs and HUVECs, while paeonol was active only in ECFCs. CONCLUSION: A reduction of SIRT activity and expression in fetal endothelial cells provides potential mechanistic insights into the pathophysiology of long-term cardiovascular complications observed in the offspring of GDM pregnancies. SIRT activators can increase SIRT activity in ECFCs, which opens perspectives for new therapeutic targets.
Development and validation of a risk factor scoring system for first-trimester prediction of preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to develop a multiparameter risk-based scoring system for first-trimester prediction of preeclampsia and to validate this scoring system in our patient population. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a prospective cohort of 1,200 patients presenting for first-trimester aneuploidy screening. Maternal serum pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) levels were measured and bilateral uterine artery (UA) Doppler studies performed. Using the first half of the study population, a prediction model for preeclampsia was created. Test performance characteristics were used to determine the optimal score for predicting preeclampsia. This model was then validated in the second half of the population. RESULTS: Significant risk factors and their weighted scores derived from the prediction model were chronic hypertension (4), history of preeclampsia (3), pregestational diabetes (2), body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m(2) (2), bilateral UA notching (1), and PAPP-A MoM < 10 th percentile (1). The area under the curve (AUC) for the risk scoring system was 0.76 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.69-0.83), and the optimal threshold for predicting preeclampsia was a total score of ≥ 6. This AUC did not differ significantly from the AUC observed in our validation cohort (AUC, 0.78 [95% CI, 0.69-0.86]; p = 0.75]. CONCLUSION: Our proposed risk factor scoring system demonstrates modest accuracy but excellent reproducibility for first-trimester prediction of preeclampsia.
Impact of maternal obesity on fetal programming of cardiovascular disease.; The in utero environment is a key determinant of long-term health outcomes; poor maternal metabolic state and placental insufficiency are strongly associated with these long-term health risks. Human epidemiological studies link maternal obesity and offspring cardiovascular disease in later life, but mechanistic studies in animal models are limited. Here, we review the literature pertaining to maternal consequences of obesity during pregnancy and the subsequent impact on fetal cardiovascular development.
Temporal and Spatial Trends of Adverse Pregnancy and Birth Outcomes in a Sample of Births from a Public Hospital in Chile.; Understanding temporal and spatial trends in pregnancy and birth outcomes within an urban area is important for the monitoring of health indicators of a population. We conducted a retrospective cohort study of all births in the public hospital of Temuco, a medium-sized city in Southern Chile between 2009 and 2016 (n = 17,237). Information on adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes, as well as spatial and maternal characteristics (insurance type, employment, smoking, age, and overweight/obesity), was collected from medical charts. Home addresses were geocoded and assigned to neighborhood. We tested whether births and prevalence of adverse pregnancy outcomes changed over time, whether birth events were spatially clustered (Moran's I statistic), and whether neighborhood deprivation was correlated to outcomes (Spearman's rho). We observed decreases in eclampsia, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and small for gestational age, while gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and low birth weight increased over the study period (all p < 0.01 for trend), with little changes after adjusting for maternal characteristics. We observed neighborhood clusters for birth rate, preterm birth, and low birth weight. Neighborhood deprivation was negatively correlated with low birth weight and preterm birth, but not correlated with eclampsia, preeclampsia, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small for gestational age, gestational diabetes, nor stillbirth. Several encouraging downward trends and some increases in adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes, which, overall, were not explained by changes in maternal characteristics were observed. Identified clusters of higher adverse birth outcomes may be used to evaluate preventive health coverage in this setting.
Longitudinal assessment of ventricular strain, tricuspid and mitral annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE and MAPSE) in fetuses from pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate fetal cardiac function using myocardial deformation analyses, tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE), mitral annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE) and diastolic function parameters in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus. METHODS: Myocardial deformation using velocity vector imaging (VVI), TAPSE, MAPSE and diastolic function was measured in 126 women with uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and 50 women with diabetes mellitus. Women underwent ultrasound scans every four weeks from recruitment (18-28 weeks gestational age) until delivery. RESULTS: Left ventricle strain and strain rate, right ventricle strain and strain rate, TAPSE, MAPSE and diastolic parameters were not different between the diabetic cohort and controls throughout gestation. We did not find any significant correlation between the fetal cardiac function parameters with parity or smoking status. There was however a significant difference in strain and strain rate values in the left ventricle, but not the right ventricle in women with BMI >30 kg/m(2), and reduced TAPSE values in this same group. Fetuses in the diabetes group had thicker interventricular septum (IVS) throughout gestation. CONCLUSION: Myocardial deformation of the fetal left ventricle, as measured by VVI, and TAPSE were reduced in fetuses of mothers in association with maternal obesity but not in women with diabetes mellitus. No significant differences in the fetal cardiac function parameters measured were different between the two groups, except for IVS thickness.
[Pulsed Doppler measurements of flow velocities in the intracranial and abdominal arteries of newborns of diabetic mothers].; OBJECTIVE: To define the character of haemodynamic changes and brain-sparing phenomena in newborns of diabetic mothers. METHODS: On the basis of blood indices flow in the middle cerebral artery (MCA), anterior cerebral artery (ACA), right renal artery (RRA) and the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) the character of haemodynamic change and the brain-sparing phenomena in 53 newborns of diabetic mothers was analyzed. As a control group we chose 29 healthy newborns delivered at term. Doppler examinations were performed with ATL 3500 machine (Philips) using 7.5 MHz transducer and pulsed and colour Doppler. Pulsatility (PI) and resistance (RI) indices were calculated and analyzed. RESULTS: In the MCA and ACA both indices (PI and RI) were lower than in abdominal arteries. We have found higher values of PI and RI in MCA than in ACA in both studied groups. In comparison to full-term newborns born from normal pregnancies, values of PI and RI in ACA were higher in IDM (infants of diabetic mothers) group (p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: In IDM similarly to neonates from physiological pregnancies we can observe physiological phenomenon of brain-sparing effect. In the IDM group postnatal haemodynamic disturbances are limited to the brain circulation only. In IDM in spite of absence of signs of hypoxia, some brain-sacrifice effect was observed. Haemodynamic disturbances were not observed in renal and mesenteric circulation.
Connatal cyst in a preterm twin infant with maternal comorbidities.; BACKGROUND: Connatal cysts are rare but recognized periventricular cysts that represent anatomic variants and are associated with good neurological outcomes. These cysts can be differentiated from cysts that portend graver prognoses by their location in relation to the ventricles, size, laterality, and temporal resolution. PATIENT PRESENTATION: We describe a preterm twin infant born to a mother with diabetes and cardiovascular disease who was found to have connatal cysts on head ultrasound at 3 days of age. These cysts were present again on head ultrasound at 12 days of age and on brain magnetic resonance imaging at 27 days of age. The infant had a normal neurological examination in the neonatal period and on follow-up at 3 and 6 months of age. Repeated head ultrasound at 3 months of age demonstrated near resolution of the cysts. CONCLUSION: Connatal cysts are normal anatomic variants which clinicians should be able to distinguish from similar appearing cysts with less favorable outcomes. Although the etiology of connatal cysts remains unknown, this case raises the possibility of maternal comorbidities or perinatal hypoperfusion playing a role in their formation.
Fetal liver-sparing cardiovascular adaptations linked to mother's slimness and diet.; Fetal adaptations to impaired maternoplacental nutrient supply include altered regional blood flow. Whether such responses operate within the normal range of maternal body composition or diet is unknown, but any change in fetal liver perfusion could alter hepatic development, with long-term consequences for the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disease. In 381 low-risk pregnancies, we found that the fetuses of slimmer mothers with lower body fat stores and those eating an unbalanced diet had greater liver blood flow and shunted less blood away from the liver through the ductus venosus at 36 weeks gestation. Consequences of such "liver-sparing" may underlie the increased cardiovascular risk of people whose mothers were slimmer and had lower body fat stores in pregnancy.
Novel insulin analogues and its mitogenic potential.; Insulin analogues were developed to modify the structure of the human insulin molecule in order to more accurately approximate the endogenous secretion of insulin. With the help of recombinant technology and site-directed mutagenesis, the insulin molecule can be modified to either delay or shorten absorption time, providing better insulin treatment options and facilitating the achievement of glycaemic goals. Changing the structure of the insulin molecule, however, may significantly alter both its metabolic and mitogenic activity. Multiple factors such as residence time on the receptor, dissociation rate, rate of receptor internalization and the degree of phosphorylation of signalling proteins can affect the mitogenic potencies of insulin analogues. Changes in the structure of the insulin have raised concern about the safety of the insulin analogues. For example, questions have emerged about the relationship between the use of insulin lispro and insulin glargine and the progression of diabetic retinopathy. Two studies have shown progression of retinopathy with the use of insulin lispro. However, others have not confirmed these results, and causality could not be proven as progression of retinopathy can occur with rapid improvement in glycaemic control, and methods of assessments among studies were not consistent. Therefore, we examine the metabolic and mitogenic characteristics of the three insulin analogues, insulin lispro, insulin aspart and insulin glargine, that are currently on the market, as well as the two insulin analogues, insulin glulisine and insulin detemir, that are soon going to be available for clinical use.
Intrauterine risk factors for precocious atherosclerosis.; Evidence from noninvasive ultrasound studies of the neonatal aorta and fetal and early childhood postmortem studies indicates that impaired fetal growth, in utero exposure to maternal hypercholesterolemia, and diabetic macrosomia may all be important risk factors for vascular changes consistent with the earliest physical signs of atherosclerosis. Although the exact mechanisms that underlie these associations remain unclear, animal models have suggested that the use of antioxidant, lipid-lowering, and other innovative therapies may counteract the impact of these intrauterine risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This review summarizes the current evidence for intrauterine factors that have a direct impact on atherosclerosis and provides potential treatment and prevention strategies.
Pregnancy outcomes for nulliparous women of advanced maternal age in South Australia, 1998-2008.; BACKGROUND: Child bearing in the later reproductive years has become increasingly common in Australia with potential implications for clinical practice. AIM: To examine pregnancy outcomes for nulliparous women of advanced maternal age with singleton pregnancies. METHODS: A retrospective population-based cohort study was conducted to compare the pregnancy outcomes for women aged 35-39 years and ≥40 years with women aged 25-29 years, analysing 34 695 records from the South Australian Perinatal Database between 1998 and 2008. RESULTS: Pre-existing hypertension [relative risks (RR) 1.98 and 2.94 for women aged 35-39 years and ≥40 years, respectively], placenta praevia (RR 2.88 and 3.68), suspected intrauterine growth restriction (RR 1.33 and 1.77) and gestational diabetes (RR 1.97 and 2.53) increased with age. Women of advanced maternal age were more likely to have not laboured prior to birth (RR 2.19 and 3.28), be induced (RR 1.12 and 1.27) and have a breech presentation (RR 1.57 and 1.60). The likelihood of fetal distress increased with advancing maternal age (RR 1.15 and 1.24). Regression analyses revealed women of advanced maternal age were significantly more likely to have small for gestational age infants [adjusted odds ratios (AOR) 1.26 and 1.50], preterm birth (AOR 1.26 and 1.43), elective caesarean [relative risk ratios (RRR) 2.55 and 4.52], emergency caesarean (RRR 1.59 and 2.21) and experience a perinatal death (RRR 1.94 and 2.18). CONCLUSIONS: The likelihood of pre-existing medical conditions, obstetric complications, adverse labour and birth outcomes and complications increased with advancing maternal age. Advanced maternal age was also independently associated with selected adverse pregnancy and infant outcomes.
Insulin is a growth-promoter of the developing brain: possible implications for the infant of the diabetic mother.; The combination of diabetes mellitus and pregnancy was once associated with significantly increased morbidity and mortality for mother and baby. Advances in the obstetric management of the mother with diabetes and parallel advances in the management of the infant of the diabetic mother (IDM) have lowered the morbidity and mortality in many centers to near those for pregnancies in the non-diabetic woman. A significant increase still exists in the prevalence of congenital malformations in IDMs. Recent animal studies have shown that these malformations are related to maternal hyperglycemia early in the pregnancy, and that if it is controlled with insulin during the critical period of embryologic development, then the malformations may be prevented.
Effect of common pregnancy and perinatal complications on offspring metabolic traits across the life course: a multi-cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Common pregnancy and perinatal complications are associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk factors. These complications may influence multiple metabolic traits in the offspring and these associations might differ with offspring age. METHODS: We used data from eight population-based cohort studies to examine and compare associations of pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GD), preterm birth (PTB), small (SGA) and large (LGA) for gestational age (vs. appropriate size for gestational age (AGA)) with up to 167 plasma/serum-based nuclear magnetic resonance-derived metabolic traits encompassing lipids, lipoproteins, fatty acids, amino acids, ketones, glycerides/phospholipids, glycolysis, fluid balance, and inflammation. Confounder-adjusted regression models were used to examine associations (adjusted for maternal education, parity age at pregnancy, ethnicity, pre/early pregnancy body mass index and smoking, and offspring sex and age at metabolic trait assessment), and results were combined using meta-analysis by five age categories representing different periods of the offspring life course: neonates (cord blood), infancy (mean ages: 1.1-1.6 years), childhood (4.2-7.5 years); adolescence (12.0-16.0 years), and adulthood (22.0-67.8 years). RESULTS: Offspring numbers for each age category/analysis varied from 8925 adults (441 PTB) to 1181 infants (135 GD); 48.4% to 60.0% were females. Pregnancy complications (PE, GH, GD) were each associated with up to three metabolic traits in neonates (P≤0.001) with some evidence of persistence to older ages. PTB and SGA were associated with 32 and 12 metabolic traits in neonates respectively, which included an adjusted standardised mean difference of -0.89 standard deviation (SD) units for albumin with PTB (95% CI: -1.10 to -0.69, P=1.3×10(-17)) and -0.41 SD for total lipids in medium HDL with SGA (95% CI: -0.56 to -0.25, P=2.6×10(-7)), with some evidence of persistence to older ages. LGA was inversely associated with 19 metabolic traits including lower levels of cholesterol, lipoproteins, fatty acids, and amino acids, with associations emerging in adolescence, (e.g. -0.11 SD total fatty acids, 95% CI: -0.18 to -0.05, P=0.0009), and attenuating with older age across adulthood. CONCLUSIONS: These reassuring findings suggest little evidence of wide-spread and long-term impact of common pregnancy and perinatal complications on offspring metabolic traits, with most associations only observed for newborns rather than older ages, and for perinatal rather than pregnancy complications.
Excessive maternal weight and pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVES: This study was undertaken to determine the influences of increased maternal prepregnancy weight and increased gestational weight gain on pregnancy outcome. STUDY DESIGN: This was a longitudinal retrospective study of 7407 term pregnancies delivered from 1987 through 1989. After excluding cases with multiple fetuses, stillbirths, fetal anomalies, no prenatal care, selected medical and surgical complications, and those with incomplete medical records, 3191 cases remained for analyses by determination of odds ratios for obstetric outcomes, by chi 2 tests for significant differences and by adjustment for risk factors with stepwise logistic regression. RESULTS: Both increased maternal prepregnancy weight (body mass index) and increased maternal gestational weight gain were associated with increased risks of fetal macrosomia (p less than 0.0001), labor abnormalities (p less than 0.0001), postdatism (p = 0.002), meconium staining (p less than 0.001), and unscheduled cesarean sections (p less than 0.0001). They were also associated with decreased frequencies of low birth weight (p less than 0.001). The magnitude of the last was less than that of the other outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Increased maternal weight gain in pregnancy results in higher frequencies of fetal macrosomia, which in turn lead to increased rates of cesarean section and other major maternal and fetal complications. Because these costs of increased maternal weight gain appear to outweigh benefits, weight gain recommendations for pregnancy warrant careful review.
[Extracorporeal oxygenation in newborn infant born to diabetic mother with severe hypertrophic myocardiopathy].; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a common complication in infants born to diabetic mothers but it is rarely life threatening. CASE REPORT: A neonate born to a diabetic mother with a severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with life threatening respiratory and haemodynamic distress was successfully supported by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. CONCLUSION: Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation can be an efficient transitory therapy for very severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers.
Ethical issue and consent form in the management of high-risk pregnancy.; Through the description of two high risk unplanned pregnancy cases and the subsequent interview of the patients, a few years after delivery, this article focuses on the following issues: 1. The importance of a planned pregnancy in a woman with diabetes or other chronic disease; 2. The ethical role of counselling and how it should not be influenced by the ethical belief of the obstetrician; 3. The legal aspect related to the knowledge and qualifications of the obstetrician in the management of a high-risk pregnancy to improve both maternal and fetal outcomes. Here, two cases of complicated type 1 diabetes in women with unplanned pregnancies and the importance of counselling in high-risk pregnancy are presented.
Effect of maternal hyperketonemia in hyperglycemic pregnant ewes and their fetuses.; The fetus of the pregnant diabetic woman is exposed to hyperglycemia frequently accompanied by ketoacidosis. Previous studies have demonstrated that beta-hydroxybutyrate, a major ketone body, crosses the ovine placenta in significant amounts, leading to significant reductions in fetal PaO2 and increased fetal heart rate. In the present study the pregnant ewe was used to evaluate the maternal and fetal cardiovascular and metabolic responses to hyperketonemia in the presence of hyperglycemia and to determine if the combined diabetic insults were more detrimental to the fetus than hyperketonemia alone. A glucose priming dose of 25 gm was administered in the maternal femoral vein followed by a continuous glucose infusion of 200 mg/min to achieve steady maternal plasma glucose levels of 180 mg/dl. Once glucose levels were stable, beta-hydroxybutyrate was infused for 2 hours at a rate of 0.39 mmol/100 ml of uterine blood flow into both left and right uterine arteries. Infusion of glucose alone did not significantly alter fetal cardiovascular and blood gas parameters but did increase the fetal glucose level from 17 +/- 4 to 58 +/- 8 mg/dl. The simultaneous infusion of beta-hydroxybutyrate and glucose produced significant decreases in fetal PaO2 and oxygen content as were reported for hyperketonemia alone and significant time-related increases in fetal lactate levels and fetal heart rate. These data suggest that hyperketonemia in the pregnant ewe leads to quantitatively similar changes in oxygenation in both normoglycemic and hyperglycemic fetuses. These observations may in part help explain the increased perinatal mortality in the pregnant woman with uncontrolled diabetes.
Weight-specific stillbirths and associated causes of death: an analysis of 765 stillbirths.; An analysis of 765 consecutive stillbirths associated with 98,927 pregnancies during a 6-year interval showed significant differences for cause of death at specific weight categories. In addition, 57% of stillbirths occurred at infant weights of greater than or equal to 1500 gm. Hypoxia accounted for 43% of all stillbirths. The implications with respect to preventability and for changes in routine prenatal care through the incorporation of the several methods of fetal assessment currently available are discussed.
Chronic renal failure, diabetes mellitus type-II, and gestation: an overwhelming combination.; This case report highlights on a child-bearer with chronic renal failure and diabetes mellitus type-II. Chronic renal failure (CRF) with diabetes mellitus (DM) type I in gestation is a rare case of a high-risk pregnancy. What is of significance though in this gestation, is that conception was achieved with the patient treated by a dialysis program. Furthermore, neither hypertension nor intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) were detected and the patient was normotensive throughout gestation with no clinical signs of anemia. Strict and frequent application of the dialysis programs eradicates the uremic intrauterine environment, reduces the amniotic fluid volume, eliminates the chances of uterine rupture, leads to a longer gestation, increases the newborn's birth weight, and offers an optimal fetal survival rate; this is of note mainly in patients with cesarean sections reported in their medical history. To eliminate the complications of a premature delivery, the present authors had to find the right time point to give birth to this baby taking into account lung maturity, amniotic fluid volume, and preservation of the anatomical uterine integrity.
Sleep-disordered breathing in pregnancy.; Symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing are more common in pregnant women compared with nonpregnant women. It is likely that physiology of pregnancy predisposes to the development or worsening of sleep-disordered breathing, but some physiologic changes may also be protective against the development of this disease. Clinical presentation may be less predictive of sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy than in the non-pregnant population; nonetheless, snoring is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Treatment strategies are similar to the nonpregnant population, however, pregnancy-specific scenarios may arise and these subtleties are addressed in this review.
Increased levels of serum fibroblast growth factor-2 in diabetic pregnant women with retinopathy.; Fibroblast growth factor-2 (FGF-2) is a potent mitogen and angiogenic factor normally absent from the adult circulation. We have previously shown that it appears in normal maternal serum and that circulating FGF-2 levels are elevated in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. This study was performed to determine whether serum FGF-2 is more abundant in pregnant diabetic women with retinopathy than in those without. Serum was collected monthly between 14-30 weeks gestation and every 2 weeks from then until delivery (35-38 weeks) from 36 women with type 1 diabetes. FGF-2 was extracted by heparin-Sepharose affinity chromatography and quantified by specific RIA. Patients were divided according to the White classification of diabetes. In 17 women without retinopathy (White groups B, C, and D0), immunoreactive FGF-2 was detectable at 14 weeks (mean +/- SEM, 154 +/- 39 pmol/L), was maximal after 26 weeks (306 +/- 38 pmol/L), after which values steadily declined to term (212 +/- 48 pmol/L). In 19 women with simplex or proliferative retinopathy (White groups D+ and R), circulating levels of FGF-2 were significantly greater between 22-32 weeks gestation (22 weeks, 480 +/- 102 vs. 239 +/- 38 pmol/L; P < 0.05). Serum FGF-2 was significantly correlated with hemoglobin A1c levels at 22, 30, and 34 weeks gestation. The mean birth weight of the infants did not significantly differ between groups. Macroalbuminuria was absent in all patients, and creatinine clearance and blood pressure did not significantly differ between the two groups. The results suggest that serum FGF-2 is substantially elevated in pregnant diabetic women with retinopathy in second and early third trimesters. It is unlikely that in these patients this was primarily due to altered FGF-2 clearance, but may relate to excessive production by the utero-placental compartment. The high circulating levels of FGF-2 may be causally related to the development of diabetic retinopathy.
Association between the reproductive health of young women and cardiovascular disease in later life: umbrella review.; OBJECTIVE: To consolidate evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses investigating the association between reproductive factors in women of reproductive age and their subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: Umbrella review. DATA SOURCES: Medline, Embase, and Cochrane databases for systematic reviews and meta-analyses from inception until 31 August 2019. REVIEW METHODS: Two independent reviewers undertook screening, data extraction, and quality appraisal. The population was women of reproductive age. Exposures were fertility related factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Outcome was cardiovascular diseases in women, including ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, peripheral arterial disease, and stroke. RESULTS: 32 reviews were included, evaluating multiple risk factors over an average follow-up period of 7-10 years. All except three reviews were of moderate quality. A narrative evidence synthesis with forest plots and tabular presentations was performed. Associations for composite cardiovascular disease were: twofold for pre-eclampsia, stillbirth, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for gestational hypertension, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, and premature ovarian insufficiency; and less than 1.5-fold for early menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, ever parity, and early menopause. A longer length of breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. The associations for ischaemic heart disease were twofold or greater for pre-eclampsia, recurrent pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives (oestrogen and progesterone), recurrent miscarriage, premature ovarian insufficiency, and early menopause; and less than 1.5-fold for miscarriage, polycystic ovary syndrome, and menopausal symptoms. For stroke outcomes, the associations were twofold or more for current use of any oral contraceptive (combined oral contraceptives or progesterone only pill), pre-eclampsia, and recurrent pre-eclampsia; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; and less than 1.5-fold for polycystic ovary syndrome. The association for heart failure was fourfold for pre-eclampsia. No association was found between cardiovascular disease outcomes and current use of progesterone only contraceptives, use of non-oral hormonal contraceptive agents, or fertility treatment. CONCLUSIONS: From menarche to menopause, reproductive factors were associated with cardiovascular disease in women. In this review, presenting absolute numbers on the scale of the problem was not feasible; however, if these associations are causal, they could account for a large proportion of unexplained risk of cardiovascular disease in women, and the risk might be modifiable. Identifying reproductive risk factors at an early stage in the life of women might facilitate the initiation of strategies to modify potential risks. Policy makers should consider incorporating reproductive risk factors as part of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in clinical guidelines. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO CRD42019120076.
Screening Glucose Challenge Test in Pregnancy Can Identify Women With an Adverse Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Factor Profile: Implications for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction.; Background The 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT) is routinely performed in pregnancy to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus. Remarkably, it has recently emerged that the GCT can also predict a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease, although the mechanistic basis of this relationship is unclear. In this context we hypothesized that a higher GCT may identify women with an otherwise unrecognized adverse cardiovascular phenotype. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between the antepartum GCT and subsequent postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. Methods and Results In this study 503 women completed a screening GCT in late second trimester and then underwent cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum, whereupon traditional (blood pressure, glucose, lipids) and nontraditional (apolipoprotein B, C-reactive protein, adiponectin) cardiovascular risk factors were compared across GCT tertiles. At 3 months postpartum, each of the following risk factors progressively worsened from the lowest to middle to highest GCT tertile: fasting glucose (P=0.0002), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.004), triglycerides (P=0.001), apolipoprotein B (P=0.001), and adiponectin (P=0.02). On multiple linear regression analyses, the GCT emerged as a significant independent predictor of higher fasting glucose (P=0.0006), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), triglycerides (P=0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.01), and apolipoprotein B (P=0.004) and of lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.02) and adiponectin (P=0.0099). Moreover, these independent associations persisted after excluding women who had gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions The antepartum GCT can identify women with an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor phenotype.
Cushing syndrome complicating pregnancy.; A case of Cushing syndrome in a 25-year-old female diagnosed during pregnancy is presented. The pregnancy was complicated by diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension, prematurity and intrauterine growth retardation. The patient underwent transphenoidal pituitary adenectomy after delivery for removal of a large pituitary adenoma. The mother and infant are well 10 months after delivery.
Coronary artery restenosis and target lesion revascularisation in women by pregnancy history.; BACKGROUND: Women's pregnancy history is associated with incident risk of coronary artery disease with some evidence also suggesting a relevance for prognosis following treatment. OBJECTIVES: To study the associations between maternal history of preterm delivery, a history of small for gestational age infant, parity and age at first delivery with clinical restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). METHODS: In this prospective cohort study, we included 6027 women <65 years undergoing their first PCI 2006-2017, merging clinical register data on PCI procedures in Sweden with comprehensive registry data on deliveries since 1973. We used proportional hazards regression to study the association between aspects of pregnancy history and clinical restenosis in per-segment analyses, and with target lesion revascularisation (TLR) in per-patient analyses. We adjusted models for procedural-related and patient-related predictors of restenosis. RESULTS: During 15 981 segment-years of follow-up, 343 (3.7%) events of clinical restenosis occurred. We found no strong evidence of associations between the studied aspects of pregnancy history and clinical restenosis following PCI. For example, the restenosis HR for a history of preterm delivery in the fully adjusted model was 1.09 (95% CI 0.77 to 1.55) and the TLR HR was 1.18 (95% CI 0.91 to 1.52). CONCLUSION: Risk of restenosis following treatment with PCI did not differ by the studied aspects of pregnancy history, including preterm delivery, in young and middle-aged women. Larger studies are needed to obtain more precise estimates.
The fast inhibitor of tissue plasminogen activator in plasma during pregnancy.; The novel fast inhibitor to tissue plasminogen activator in plasma has been determined in 20 healthy non-pregnant women, 48 apparently healthy pregnant women and 136 women with risk pregnancies (preeclampsia, suspected fetal growth retardation, thrombosis or previous history of thrombosis, diabetes and others). In healthy fertile non-pregnant women, the inhibitor concentration was found to be 0.4 +/- 0.7 U/ml. In pregnant women the concentration stayed at this level until week 10, but then an almost linear increase was found, reaching about 6.5 U/ml at week 40. In plasma samples from the patients with risk pregnancies many with deviating concentrations were found. Thus, in the last trimester a range of 0-24.0 U/ml was found in these patients, as compared to 4.0-6.4 U/ml in healthy pregnant women. The pathophysiological impact of this finding is at present unclear.
Pituitary stalk Langerhans cell histiocytosis treated with CyberKnife radiosurgery.; OBJECTIVE: Langerhans cell histiocytosis (LCH) is a rare idiopathic disease that is characterized by clonal proliferation of Langerhans histiocytes in various parts of the body. These atypical cells have been found to infiltrate single or multiple organs, including bone, lungs, liver, spleen, lymph nodes, and skin. Central nervous system invasion in LCH patients has rarely been reported, especially in the adult population. METHODS AND RESULTS: We describe three histopathologically confirmed cases of adult LCH that involves both the pituitary stalk and hypothalamus, and report our limited experience of such cases in this location that has been treated with CyberKnife radio surgery. CONCLUSION: The treatment goal of controlling lesion growth is achieved by CyberKnife radiosurgery in this case series. All patients tolerated the treatment well without obvious complications.
Fetal stroke and cerebrovascular disease: Advances in understanding from lenticulostriate and venous imaging, alloimmune thrombocytopaenia and monochorionic twins.; Fetal stroke is an important cause of cerebral palsy but is difficult to diagnose unless imaging is undertaken in pregnancies at risk because of known maternal or fetal disorders. Fetal ultrasound or magnetic resonance imaging may show haemorrhage or ischaemic lesions including multicystic encephalomalacia and focal porencephaly. Serial imaging has shown the development of malformations including schizencephaly and polymicrogyra after ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke. Recognised causes of haemorrhagic fetal stroke include alloimmune and autoimmune thrombocytopaenia, maternal and fetal clotting disorders and trauma but these are relatively rare. It is likely that a significant proportion of periventricular and intraventricular haemorrhages are of venous origin. Recent evidence highlights the importance of arterial endothelial dysfunction, rather than thrombocytopaenia, in the intraparenchymal haemorrhage of alloimmune thrombocytopaenia. In the context of placental anastomoses, monochorionic diamniotic twins are at risk of twin twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS), or partial forms including Twin Oligohydramnios Polyhydramnios Sequence (TOPS), differences in estimated weight (selective Intrauterine growth Retardation; sIUGR), or in fetal haemoglobin (Twin Anaemia Polycythaemia Sequence; TAPS). There is a very wide range of ischaemic and haemorrhagic injury in a focal as well as a global distribution. Acute twin twin transfusion may account for intraventricular haemorrhage in recipients and periventricular leukomalacia in donors but there are additional risk factors for focal embolism and cerebrovascular disease. The recipient has circulatory overload, with effects on systemic and pulmonary circulations which probably lead to systemic and pulmonary hypertension and even right ventricular outflow tract obstruction as well as the polycythaemia which is a risk factor for thrombosis and vasculopathy. The donor is hypovolaemic and has a reticulocytosis in response to the anaemia while maternal hypertension and diabetes may influence stroke risk. Understanding of the mechanisms, including the role of vasculopathy, in well studied conditions such as alloimmune thrombocytopaenia and monochorionic diamniotic twinning may lead to reduction of the burden of antenatally sustained cerebral palsy.
Prepregnancy Healthy Lifestyle and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of healthy lifestyle factors before pregnancy (body mass index [BMI] 18.5-24.9, nonsmoking, 150 min/wk or more of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity, healthy eating [top 40% of Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension score], no or low-to-moderate alcohol intake [less than 15 g/d], and use of multivitamins) with risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a secondary analysis of prospectively collected data for women without chronic diseases who are participating in an ongoing cohort in the United States (the NHSII [Nurses' Health Study II]). Healthy lifestyle factors preceding pregnancy were prospectively assessed every 2-4 years from 1991 to 2009 with validated measures. Reproductive history was self-reported in 2001 and 2009. A composite outcome of adverse pregnancy outcomes that included miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm birth, stillbirth, or low birth weight was assessed. RESULTS: Overall, 15,509 women with 27,135 pregnancies were included. The mean maternal age was 35.1±4.2 years. Approximately one in three pregnancies (n=9,702, 35.8%) was complicated by one or more adverse pregnancy outcomes. The combination of six low-risk factors was inversely associated with risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in a dose-dependent manner ( P for trend <.001). Compared with women who had zero or one healthy lifestyle factor, those with six had a 37% lower risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes (relative risk 0.63, 95% CI 0.55-0.72), driven primarily by lower risks of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and low birth weight. All prepregnancy healthy lifestyle factors, except avoiding harmful alcohol consumption and regular physical activity, were independently associated with lower risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes after mutual adjustment for each other. Healthy BMI, high-quality diet, and multivitamin supplementation showed the strongest inverse associations with adverse pregnancy outcomes. If the observed relationships were causal, 19% of adverse pregnancy outcomes could have been prevented by the adoption of all six healthy lifestyle factors (population attributable risk 19%, 95% CI 13-26%). CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy healthy lifestyle is associated with a substantially lower risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and could be an effective intervention for the prevention of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Development and evaluation of machine learning models for predicting large-for-gestational-age newborns in women exposed to radiation prior to pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: The correlation between radiation exposure before pregnancy and abnormal birth weight has been previously proven. However, for large-for-gestational-age (LGA) babies in women exposed to radiation before becoming pregnant, there is no prediction model yet. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The data were collected from the National Free Preconception Health Examination Project in China. A sum of 455 neonates (42 SGA births and 423 non-LGA births) were included. A training set (n = 319) and a test set (n = 136) were created from the dataset at random. To develop prediction models for LGA neonates, conventional logistic regression (LR) method and six machine learning methods were used in this study. Recursive feature elimination approach was performed by choosing 10 features which made a big contribution to the prediction models. And the Shapley Additive Explanation model was applied to interpret the most important characteristics that affected forecast outputs. RESULTS: The random forest (RF) model had the highest average area under the receiver-operating-characteristic curve (AUC) for predicting LGA in the test set (0.843, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.714-0.974). Except for the logistic regression model (AUC: 0.603, 95%CI: 0.440-0.767), other models' AUCs displayed well. Thereinto, the RF algorithm's final prediction model using 10 characteristics achieved an average AUC of 0.821 (95% CI: 0.693-0.949). CONCLUSION: The prediction model based on machine learning might be a promising tool for the prenatal prediction of LGA births in women with radiation exposure before pregnancy.
Major risk factors for stillbirth in different trimesters of pregnancy--a systematic review.; Stillbirth remains an event that has an important impact on global health issues. Different levels of health care between countries suggest that the stillbirth rate may be one of the indicators of the quality of a country's medical system. In this review, major risk factors for stillbirth will be discussed, especially in different trimesters of pregnancy. Early identification of risk factors for stillbirth and appropriate antenatal management may reduce preventable stillbirths and improve general outcomes of pregnancy.
Pregnancy outcome in women with endometriosis achieving pregnancy with IVF.; STUDY QUESTION: Are women with endometriosis who conceive with IVF at increased risk of preterm birth? SUMMARY ANSWER: Women with endometriosis who conceive with IVF do not face an increased risk of preterm birth. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The eutopic endometrium of women with endometriosis has been repeatedly shown to present molecular and cellular alterations. On this basis, it has been hypothesized that pregnancy outcome may be altered in affected women. However, to date, available evidence from epidemiological studies is scanty and conflicting. Data tended to be partly consistent only for an increased risk of preterm birth and placenta previa. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Retrospective matched case-control study of women achieving an IVF singleton pregnancy progressing beyond 12 weeks' gestation. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women achieving IVF singleton pregnancies that progressed beyond 12 weeks' gestation at two infertility units were reviewed. Cases were women with a history of surgery for endometriosis and/or with a sonographic diagnosis of the disease at the time of the IVF cycle. Controls were women without current or past evidence of endometriosis who were matched to cases by age (± 6 months), type of cycle (fresh or frozen cycle) and study period. Male factor and unexplained infertility were the most common diagnoses in the control group. Two hundred and thirty-nine women with endometriosis and 239 controls were selected. The main outcome of the study was the rate of preterm birth (birth < 37 weeks' gestation) regardless of the cause. Secondary analyses were performed for the most common obstetrical complications. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The rate of preterm birth was similar in the two study groups (14% and 14%, respectively, p = 0.89). The rate of live birth and the incidence of hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, small and large for gestational age newborns and neonatal problems also did not differ. In contrast, placenta previa was more common in women with endometriosis than controls (6% versus 1%, respectively; p = 0.006): The adjusted odds ratio was 4.8 (95% confidence interval: 1.4-17.2). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: As for all observational studies, confounders cannot be totally excluded. Moreover, the retrospective study design exposes the findings to some inaccuracies. For example, the independent role of adenomyosis could not be reliably assessed because this diagnosis is complex and would necessitate a prospective recruitment. Second, the selection of controls may also be a matter of concern because some affected women may have been erroneously included in this group. Third, even if the sample size is significant, it is insufficient for robust subgroup analyses. Finally, it is mandatory to point out that our conclusions are valid for IVF pregnancies only, and specific data from properly designed studies are required to support any inference for natural pregnancies. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The results of our study suggest that women with endometriosis conceiving with IVF can be reassured regarding the risk of preterm birth. The observed association with placenta previa requires further investigation and may open a new avenue of research. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: No external funding was used for this study. None of the authors have any conflict of interest to declare.
The Impact of Gestational Diabetes in Pregnancy on the Cardiovascular System of Children at One Year of Age.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy. The effect of GDM on the cardiovascular system after birth is still unclear. Between August 2015 and December 2018, 205 pregnant women were included in the prospective controlled observational study. Patients with GDM were assigned to the study group (n = 99), whereas (n = 107) healthy women served as controls. Postnatal follow up of their offspring was performed at 12 months of age. All included children (n = 125) underwent a specific standardized protocol including anthropometric data, such as weight, height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP) recordings and ultrasound measurements of the abdominal aortic intima-media-thickness (IMT). Furthermore, at least 10 min 3-channel electrocardiogram recording was done to evaluate the autonomic nervous system (ANS) by phase rectified signal averaging. There were no significant differences in anthropometric data between the groups, neither in the blood pressure nor in the intima-media-thickness of the aorta abdominals. However, in the study group, significantly lower average acceleration capacity (AAC) (study group -20.10 ± 3.04 ms, control group -18.87 ± 4.00 ms, p = 0.02) was found, indicating ANS activation at one year of age. Further studies are required to determine if these results are persistent and if these findings have long-term effects.
Maternal BMI in Twin Pregnancies and Impact on Neonatal Outcomes in the Level I Unit: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: With maternal obesity rates and twin pregnancies on the rise, the aim of this study was to assess the impact of pre-pregnancy or first trimester BMI on short-term neonatal morbidities in twins admitted to a level I unit. METHODS: This retrospective single-centre cohort study was conducted on twins born between January 1, 2010 and December 31, 2013 and admitted to the level I unit at Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto, Ontario. Twin pairs were categorized according to maternal BMI: underweight (<18.5 kg/m(2)), normal weight (18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)), overweight (25.0-29.9 kg/m(2)), and obese (≥30 kg/m(2)). The primary outcome was combined neonatal morbidities of hypoglycemia and hyperbilirubinemia. The secondary outcome was length of hospital stay. All outcomes were compared between twins in various BMI groups, and data were analyzed using the chi-square test or ANOVA (Canadian Task Force Classification II-2). RESULTS: Data on 700 neonates born to 350 women were analyzed. Baseline maternal and neonatal characteristics were similar between the groups, except for a statistically significantly higher incidence of maternal hypertension (P < 0.02) and a trend towards increased gestational diabetes rates (P = 0.05) in women with overweight or obesity compared with women with underweight or normal weight. No association was noted between maternal BMI and occurrence of neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and length of stay in either twin pair (P > 0.05) CONCLUSION: Maternal BMI had no detectable effect on neonatal morbidities and length of stay in twins admitted to the level I unit in the study centre.
Association of pregnancy complications and choice of immunosuppressant in liver transplant patients.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to identify factors associated with antenatal complications for an ongoing series of pregnant women who have undergone orthotopic liver transplantation. METHODS: We reviewed Magee-Womens Hospital records from 14 pregnancies in 13 women in whom a liver had been transplanted before pregnancy. We collected and analyzed data regarding the primary liver disease, allograft status, liver function at conception and during pregnancy, immunosuppressive medications, associated medical conditions, time from transplant to conception, cytomegalovirus serostatus, and maternal and fetal outcome. RESULTS: Seven patients had evidence of renal dysfunction (creatinine, 1.3-2.0 mg/dl), five of whom also were hypertensive at their first prenatal visit. The complications of preeclampsia, worsening hypertension, and small for gestational age occurred only in women with renal dysfunction at conception. Renal dysfunction was more often associated with cyclosporine than tacrolimus use. CONCLUSIONS: Renal dysfunction is the primary determinant of adverse pregnancy outcome in liver transplant recipients. Immunosuppression with cyclosporine during pregnancy was more often associated with antenatal complications than with the use of tacrolimus.
Associations of pregnancy-related factors and birth characteristics with risk of endometrial cancer: A Nordic population-based case-control study.; Many pregnancy-related factors are associated with reduced endometrial cancer risk. However, it remains unclear whether pregnancy-related complications (e.g., hypertensive conditions) are associated with risk and whether these associations vary by endometrial cancer subtype. Thus, we evaluated the risk of endometrial cancer, overall and by subtype, in relation to pregnancy-related factors, pregnancy complications and birth characteristics. Utilizing population-based register data from four Nordic countries, we conducted a nested case-control analysis of endometrial cancer risk. We included 10,924 endometrial cancer cases and up to 10 matched controls per case. Odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were derived from unconditional logistic regression models. We further evaluated associations by individual histology (i.e., endometrioid, serous, etc.) or, for rare exposures (e.g., pregnancy complications), by dualistic type (Type I [n = 10,343] and Type II [n = 581]). Preexisting and pregnancy-related hypertensive conditions were associated with increased endometrial cancer risk (OR [95% CI]: preexisting hypertension 1.88 [1.39-2.55]; gestational hypertension 1.47 [1.33-1.63]; preeclampsia 1.43 [1.30-1.58]), with consistent associations across dualistic type. Increasing number of pregnancies (≥4 vs. 1 birth: 0.64 [0.59-0.69]) and shorter time since last birth (<10 vs. ≥30 years: 0.34 [0.29-0.40]) were associated with reduced endometrial cancer risk, with consistent associations across most subtypes. Our findings support the role for both hormonal exposures and cell clearance as well as immunologic/inflammatory etiologies for endometrial cancer. This research supports studying endometrial hyperplasia, a precursor condition of endometrial cancer, in the context of pregnancy-related exposures, as this may provide insight into the mechanisms by which pregnancy affects subsequent cancer risk.
Circulating angiotensin II type I receptor - autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies.; Pregnant women with either pre-existing or gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of preeclampsia as well as future cardiovascular disease. The renin-angiotensin system is dysregulated in both diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. In preeclampsia, maternal levels of circulating agonistic autoantibodies against the angiotensin II Type I receptor (AT(1)-AAs) are increased. Circulating AT(1)-AAs are thought to contribute to both the pathophysiology of preeclampsia and the increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Studies exploring AT(1)-AA in diabetes outside pregnancy suggest their potential for both metabolic and cardiovascular pathogenicity. No studies have investigated AT(1)-AAs in diabetic pregnancies. We hypothesized elevated maternal circulating AT(1)-AA levels in pregnancies complicated by any type of diabetes mellitus. Third-trimester maternal serum from 39 women (controls: n = 10; type 1 diabetes: n = 9; type 2 diabetes: n = 10; gestational diabetes=10) were analyzed for AT(1)-AA using an established bioassay method. Circulating AT(1)-AAs were present in 70% (7/10) of the controls and 83% (24/29) of the diabetes group (P = 0.399). Presence of AT(1)-AA was correlated to hsCRP levels (P = 0.036), but neither with maternal circulating angiogenic factors (soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor), nor with maternal or fetal characteristics indicative of metabolic disease or placental dysfunction. Our study is the first to demonstrate presence of circulating AT(1)-AAs in pregnant women with any type of diabetes. Our findings suggest AT(1)-AAs presence in pregnancy independently of placental dysfunction, nuancing the current view on their pathogenicity. Whether AT(1)-AAs per se contribute to increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and future cardiovascular disease remains currently unanswered.
A survey of pregnancies complicated by decreased amniotic fluid.; Four hundred seventy-one patients undergoing diagnostic ultrasonography were identified as having moderately decreased amniotic fluid or oligohydramnios, and 339 of these cases were reviewed. Ninety-two of the patients were excluded from further statistical analysis because their decreased fluid was attributed to rupture of the membranes only. Of the remaining patients there was a 7% neonatal malformation rate. Decreased amniotic fluid before 27 weeks of gestation was associated with a significantly poor outcome. Of all the live births, infants of patients with oligohydramnios had lower Apgar scores at 1 minute and 5 minutes than did infants of patients with moderately decreased amniotic fluid. Of cases of patients with decreased fluid, 10% involved fetal distress during labor and in 17% meconium was present. Decreased levels of fluid were associated with an increased rate of abdominal deliveries. Preeclampsia was present in 24.7% of patients with decreased fluid. There was no correlation between the quantitative fluid amounts and the severity of the disease. In view of normative data and clinical experience, these observations suggest that the diagnosis of decreased amniotic fluid on routine ultrasonography requires a fetal scan to rule out anomalies, close antepartum observation to detect complications that may arise in the pregnancy, and delivery under conditions that allow appropriate support and intervention on behalf of the fetus.
Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy and Implications for Long-Term Health: Identifying the Research Priorities for Low-Resource Settings.; Cardiometabolic disorders (CMDs), including ischemic heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes are the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in women worldwide. The burden of CMDs falls disproportionately on low and middle-income countries (LMICs), placing substantial demands on already pressured health systems. Cardiometabolic disorders may present up to a decade earlier in some LMIC settings, and are associated with high-case fatality rates. Early identification and ongoing postpartum follow-up of women with pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may offer opportunities for prevention, or help delay onset of CMDs. This mini-review paper presents an overview of the key challenges faced in the early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of CMDs, in low-resource settings worldwide. Evidence-based strategies, including novel diagnostics, technology and innovations for early detection, screening and management for pregnant women at high-risk of CMDs are presented. The review highlights the key research priorities for addressing cardiometabolic risk in pregnancy in low-resource settings.
Angiopoietic factors and retinopathy in pregnancies complicated with Type 1 diabetes.; AIMS: To evaluate the role of systemic angiopoietic factors in the progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy. METHODS: In a prospective study of 26 pregnant women with diabetes and eight non-diabetic pregnant women, retinopathy was graded from fundus photographs. Plasma levels of angiopoietin-1, angiopoietin-2, human vascular endothelial growth factor A (hVEGF-A), and total soluble receptor of vascular endothelial growth factor (sVEGF) receptor-1 were measured during the first and third trimester and 3 months postpartum. RESULTS: In diabetic women, levels of angiopoietin-2 were 26.5 ng/ml (12.1-47.7) (median and range) during the first trimester, 2.9 ng/ml (0.6-3.5) during the third trimester, and 0.5 ng/ml (0.3-0.7) 3 months postpartum, compared with 44.3 (38.3-61.9), 5.7 (3.1-8.4) and 0.9 (0.6-4.9) ng/ml, respectively, in non-diabetic women (P = 0.002 between groups). Levels of angiopoietin-1 and sVEGF receptor-1 did not differ between the groups. Postpartum hVEGF-A levels were lowest in women with progression of retinopathy. In logistic regression analyses, progression of retinopathy during pregnancy was not explained by the levels of the angiopoietic factors. CONCLUSIONS: The circulating levels of angiopoietic factors in pregnant diabetic women were either lower than (Ang-2) or similar to (Ang-1, hVEGF-A, VEGFR-1) those levels observed in non-diabetic pregnant women. The levels of angiopoietic factors measured here appear not to be connected with the progression of retinopathy during pregnancy.
funtooNorm: an R package for normalization of DNA methylation data when there are multiple cell or tissue types.; MOTIVATION: DNA methylation patterns are well known to vary substantially across cell types or tissues. Hence, existing normalization methods may not be optimal if they do not take this into account. We therefore present a new R package for normalization of data from the Illumina Infinium Human Methylation450 BeadChip (Illumina 450 K) built on the concepts in the recently published funNorm method, and introducing cell-type or tissue-type flexibility. RESULTS: funtooNorm is relevant for data sets containing samples from two or more cell or tissue types. A visual display of cross-validated errors informs the choice of the optimal number of components in the normalization. Benefits of cell (tissue)-specific normalization are demonstrated in three data sets. Improvement can be substantial; it is strikingly better on chromosome X, where methylation patterns have unique inter-tissue variability. AVAILABILITY AND IMPLEMENTATION: An R package is available at https://github.com/GreenwoodLab/funtooNorm, and has been submitted to Bioconductor at http://bioconductor.org.
In-utero exposure to metformin for type 2 diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome: A prospective comparative observational study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the rate of major anomalies after first trimester (T1)-metformin exposure. DESIGN: Comparative, observational cohort study done at the Israeli Teratology Information Service between 2000 and 2013. RESULTS: 170 T1-metformin-exposed pregnancies [119 for diabetes and 51 for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)] were prospectively followed-up and compared with 93 pregnancies of T1-insulin treated women and 530 non-teratogenic exposed (NTE) pregnancies. The differences in the rate of major anomalies excluding genetic/cytogenetic, and spontaneously resolved cardiovascular anomalies were not significant [4.4% (2/45) - metformin-PCOS, 1.1% (1/90) - metformin-diabetes, 2.5% (2/80) - insulin, and 1.7% (9/519) - NTE; OR(adj metformin)/(NTE) 1.77; 95% CI 0.45-7.01; OR(adj insulin)/(NTE) 1.69; 95% CI 0.35-8.11]. The rate of Cesarean section was higher in both the metformin-diabetes 51/90 (56.7%) and insulin 45/79 (57.0%) groups compared with the NTE group [138/503 (27.4%)]. CONCLUSION: Metformin-T1-exposure per se is not associated with an increased risk of major anomalies.
Is insulin lispro associated with the development or progression of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy?; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to determine whether there is an association between the use of insulin lispro during pregnancy and the development or progression of diabetic retinopathy. STUDY DESIGN: This observational cohort study included women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (n = 12) who were enrolled in our diabetes mellitus in pregnancy program and were treated with insulin lispro during pregnancy. We compared these women with a historical cohort (n = 42) who were treated with regular insulin during pregnancy. All patients underwent ophthalmologic examinations before 24 weeks' gestation and post partum, and retinopathy was graded according to a previously defined scale. RESULTS: Whereas none of the patients in the insulin lispro group showed any change in retinopathy status, 6 patients in the regular insulin group (14%) demonstrated changes in retinopathy status. Mild background retinopathy (change from grade 0 to 1) developed in 3 of these patients, and extensive proliferative retinopathy developed in 1 patient after normal results of the baseline examination (change from grade 0 to 6). Two patients had progression of retinopathy--1 had progression from background retinopathy to mild proliferative retinopathy (change from grade 2 to 4) and 1 had progression from mild proliferative retinopathy to extensive proliferative retinopathy (change from grade 4 to 6). CONCLUSIONS: These preliminary findings provide no evidence that insulin lispro treatment during pregnancy is associated with the development or progression of diabetic retinopathy.
The effect of in utero insulin exposure on tissue iron status in fetal rats.; Newborn infants of diabetic mothers have serum biochemical signs of iron deficiency in cord blood directly related to elevations of cord erythropoietin and Hb concentrations. In sheep, chronic fetal hyperinsulinemia results in fetal hypoxemia, expansion of the red cell mass, and decreased iron concentrations, most likely due to increased iron utilization for Hb synthesis. To determine whether fetal insulin exposure also results in reduced tissue iron concentrations, we measured liver, skeletal muscle, small intestine, heart, and brain iron concentrations in newborn rat pups after s.c. fetal injection of insulin or diluent alone on d 19 of gestation. The fetuses of 11 pregnant rats were exteriorized, injected with 2 U neutral protamine Hagedorn insulin or diluent, replaced in utero, and delivered on d 22. To determine dose dependency, the fetuses of six pregnant rats were injected with 3 U of longer-acting protamine zinc insulin and delivered on d 21. At delivery, the insulin-treated groups had higher birth weights than the placebo-treated group, although plasma insulin concentrations were not different. The 2 U neutral protamine Hagedorn insulin-treated fetuses had significantly lower mean +/- SEM liver iron concentrations than the control fetuses (910 +/- 34 versus 1014 +/- 43 micrograms/g dry tissue weight; p less than 0.05), but had similar skeletal muscle iron concentrations. The 3 U protamine zinc insulin-treated fetuses had significantly lower liver and skeletal muscle iron concentrations compared to control and to 2 U neutral protamine Hagedorn insulin-treated fetuses (p less than 0.05). No differences in small intestine, heart, or brain iron concentrations were seen among groups.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
NAFTNet retrospective report on the treatment of anti-Ro/SSA mediated fetal heart block with dexamethasone.; BACKGROUND: Complete atrioventricular block (CAVB) is a complication of maternal antibody positivity and treatment of fetal disease is controversial in terms of efficacy and safety. We hypothesized that dexamethasone treatment for fetal anti-Ro/SSA antibody-mediated cardiac disease leads to better pregnancy outcomes than expectant management. METHODS: A retrospective multi-center cohort study of anti-Ro/SSA antibody positive pregnancies with fetal conduction disease reported by participating North American Fetal Therapy Network (NAFTNet) centers between January 2010 and December 2018. The primary outcomes included: fetal death, oligohydramnios, growth restriction, preterm delivery, and new maternal comorbidities. Secondary outcomes included: pacemaker prior to 28 days, transplantation, and neonatal death in maternal/fetal dyads treated with dexamethasone versus not. RESULTS: In 127 anti-Ro/SSA positive pregnancies, 98 were treated with dexamethasone and 29 were not. Of those treated, 61/96 (63.5%) met the primary outcome including 45/91 (49.4%) premature deliveries; 20 mothers developed comorbidities during treatment (fetal death 5, 10 growth restriction, 14 oligohydramnios, two new/worsening gestational diabetes). In the untreated group, 15/25 (60%) met the primary outcome including 11/22 (50%) premature deliveries and four mothers developing comorbidities during their pregnancy (fetal death 3, one growth restriction, one new onset maternal hypertension). Regarding secondary outcomes, 37/96 (43%) treated fetuses required a pacemaker or died by 28 days, while untreated 13/25 (52%) required pacemaker placement, died prior to 28 days or required listing for transplantation. Excluding terminations, survival without transplant was 17 (68%) in untreated and 85 (89%) in treated patients (p<.01). CONCLUSIONS: While the use of dexamethasone in anti-Ro/SSA positive pregnancies is associated with a high rate of poor pregnancy outcomes, there was an unexpected similarly high rate in untreated positive pregnancies. This suggests that the maternal disease itself is influencing pregnancy complications independent of dexamethasone. Our data, which show that treatment decreases neonatal morbidity and overall mortality without increasing overall pregnancy complications, warrant further study.
Glucose, insulin, HGH and IGF-I levels in maternal serum, amniotic fluid and umbilical venous serum: a comparison between late normal pregnancy and pregnancies complicated with diabetes and fetal growth retardation.; Fetal growth and development is dependent upon various growth factors such as glucose, insulin, HGH and IGF-I. These growth factors were measured in maternal serum (MS), amniotic fluid (AF) and umbilical venous serum (UV) in late gestation in normal, insulin dependent diabetic pregnancies (IDDM) and in pregnancies complicated with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). The UV glucose values of 1.9 +/- 0.9 mmol/L and UV insulin values of 8.0 +/- 1.8 mU/L were the lowest in IUGR pregnancies, and the highest were in UV serum from IDDM pregnancies, and the difference was statistically significant for this two groups. IGF-I values in UV indicated that there was significant difference in IGF-I concentrations when both, IUGR and IDDM groups were compared to the controls. There was a parallel shift in AF and MS glucose and insulin concentration as birthweight increased. The highest IGF-I values of 7.2 +/- 9.6 mumol/L in AF and MS were found in pregnancies with infants whose birthweight was 3500 grams and greater. Infants from pregnancies complicated with IUGR and IGF-I low values of 0.6 +/- 1.2 mumol/L in AF. HGH concentrations of 15.6 +/- 9.4 micrograms/L in UV were observed in IDDM pregnancies and significantly lower than the values in IUGR and normal pregnancies. HGH umbilical venous values decreased with duration of pregnancy and with increase in fetal size. The high HGH concentrations in the fetus and its dramatic fall after parturition, and the obtained negative correlation between HGH and IGF-I in umbilical vein may exhibit the maturation of the hypothalamic-growth hormone-IGF-I axis. It seems likely that changes in maternal serum, umbilical venous and amniotic fluid insulin-like growth factor I influence birthweight in normal and IUGR infants and in those of diabetic mothers.
Interconception Care for Primary Care Providers: Consensus Recommendations on Preconception and Postpartum Management of Reproductive-Age Patients With Medical Comorbidities.; Severe maternal morbidity and mortality continue to increase in the United States, largely owing to chronic and newly diagnosed medical comorbidities. Interconception care, or care and management of medical conditions between pregnancies, can improve chronic disease control before, during, and after pregnancy. It is a crucial and time-sensitive intervention that can decrease maternal morbidity and mortality and improve overall health. Despite these potential benefits, interconception care has not been well implemented by the primary care community. Furthermore, there is a lack of guidelines for optimizing preconception chronic disease, risk stratifying postpartum chronic diseases, and recommending general collaborative management principles for reproductive-age patients in the period between pregnancies. As a result, many primary care providers, especially those without obstetric training, are unclear about their specific role in interconception care and may be unsure of effective methods for collaborating with obstetric care providers. In particular, internal medicine physicians, the largest group of primary care physicians, may lack sufficient clinical exposure to medical conditions in the obstetric population during their residency training and may feel uncomfortable in caring for these patients in their subsequent practice. The objective of this article is to review concepts around interconception care, focusing specifically on preconception care for patients with chronic medical conditions (eg, chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, venous thromboembolism, and obesity) and postpartum care for those with medically complicated pregnancies (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, excessive gestational weight gain, peripartum cardiomyopathy, and peripartum mood disorders). We also provide a pragmatic checklist for preconception and postpartum management.
[Composition of intervillous thrombi from maternal and fetal blood].; In serological studies blood groups of intervillous thrombi of the placenta were identical with maternal blood groups in 88.9%. Identity with fetal blood groups occurred in 11.1%. Utilizing an elution technique in smears prepared from intervillous thrombi, 11.68% of the erythrocytes were of fetal, 88.32% of maternal origin. In conclusion, intervillous thrombi are mainly composed of maternal cells. The existence of small amounts of fetal cells simultaneously, points to the possible etiology: Local damage of the trophoblastic epithelium of the villi is followed by escape of fetal cells into the intervillous space and later aggregation of maternal blood. Finally, the clinical relevance of intervillous thrombosis in maternal Rh-isoimmunization, pregnancy induced hypertension and intrauterine fetal anaemia is discussed.
The effects of severe maternal diabetes on glucose transport in the fetal rat.; We mimicked the condition of severe maternal diabetes by administering high doses of streptozotocin (STZ) to the pregnant rat to determine the effects of increased glucose availability on fetal glucose transport and to assess whether a relationship might exist between glucose transport and altered fetal growth. Fetuses of STZ-treated pregnant rats were growth retarded (3.86 +/- 0.13 vs. 5.29 +/- 0.06 g), hyperglycemic (30.0 +/- 1.0 vs. 5.5 +/- 0.5 mM/liter), and hyperinsulinemic (1263.8 +/- 138.3 vs. 817.9 +/- 116.7 pM/liter). Glucose uptake, Glut 1 messenger RNA (mRNA), and Glut 1 protein were greater in STZ-treated fetal brain than in controls (50%, 83%, and 50%, respectively; P < 0.05). Glut 3 mRNA levels in STZ-treated and control fetal brain were equivalent and significantly less than levels of Glut 1. Glucose uptake in muscle of STZ fetuses was 70% greater than control values (P < 0.05). Glut 1 mRNA levels were increased by 93% in STZ fetal muscle (P < 0.05). Neither Glut 3 nor Glut 4 mRNA could be detected in STZ-treated and control fetal muscle. Glut 1 protein levels were increased by 70% in STZ-treated fetal muscle compared to control muscle (P < 0.05). These observations indicate that altered glucose transport per se does not directly contribute to fetal growth retardation with maternal STZ diabetes. Perturbations in other physiological and metabolic factors may contribute to the pathogenesis of fetal growth retardation in STZ-induced diabetes during pregnancy.
Incidence and risk factors of venous thromboembolism during postpartum period: a population-based cohort-study.; INTRODUCTION: The awareness of the incidence and timing of postpartum venous thromboembolic events guides the use of thromboprophylaxis. Our aims were to assess the incidence and mortality of venous thromboembolic events and identify its associated risk factors during different postpartum periods. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A population-based controlled cohort study by combining four large registers in 2001-2011. All women with a recent delivery were identified. The incidence, risk factors and mortality of venous thromboembolic events 0-180 days after delivery were assessed by using all healthy delivered women as the control group. The incidence was compared with that of the nonpregnant women. RESULTS: Among the 634 292 delivered women, 1169 had venous thromboembolic events 0-180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was highest during the first week postpartum: 37-fold compared with nonpregnant women, declining to two-fold immediately after that. Almost half of the venous thromboembolic events occurred between 43 and 180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was four-fold compared with that of nonpregnant women. Three venous thromboembolic events-related deaths occurred. Older age, higher body mass index, thrombophilia, multiple pregnancy, gestational diabetes, anemia, chorioamnionitis, threatening premature birth, in vitro fertilization with ovarian hyperstimulation, primiparity, cesarean section, cardiac/renal diseases, and varicose veins were associated with an increased risk for postpartum venous thromboembolic events. The risk remained elevated for 180 days in women with thrombophilia, cesarean section, multiple pregnancy, varicose veins, and cardiac disease. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of venous thromboembolic events remained elevated compared with that of the nonpregnant women after the usually defined postpartum period (6 weeks). The results might assist in selecting women in need of thromboprophylaxis.
Maternal Predictors of Intrauterine Growth Retardation.; OBJECTIVE: To identify maternal factors associated with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). STUDY DESIGN: A case-control study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Neonatal Unit of The Aga Khan Hospital for Women (AKHW), Karimabad, from January 2014 to December 2015. METHODOLOGY: Cases were IUGR live born babies (n=90), while control were appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) babies (n=180). Information recorded in pre-designed proforma included gestational age and birth weight of baby, demographics of mothers, pregnancy related medical and obstetric complications. Data were analysed through SPSS-19. Multivariable logistic regression was used to determine the maternal factors associated with the intrauterine growth restriction. RESULTS: Maternal factors associated with IUGR after adjusting for confounders in the multivariable model included younger age (OR=0.9, CI=0.8-0.9), poor gestational weight gain (OR=3.0, CI=1.6-6.1) and history of previous abortion (OR=3.06, CI=1.1-8.0). Significant interaction was found between pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and parity of mother, primary-para mother with PIH having an increased risk for IUGR babies (OR=10.1, CI=1.0-23.2). CONCLUSION: Young age, primigravida status, low gestational weight gain, previous history of abortion, PIH and GDM have strong association with IUGR; hence, special consideration is essential to overcome these issues in order to improve maternal and neonatal health.
Developmental Programming of Body Composition: Update on Evidence and Mechanisms.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: A growing body of epidemiological and experimental data indicate that nutritional or environmental stressors during early development can induce long-term adaptations that increase risk of obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and other chronic conditions-a phenomenon termed "developmental programming." A common phenotype in humans and animal models is altered body composition, with reduced muscle and bone mass, and increased fat mass. In this review, we summarize the recent literature linking prenatal factors to future body composition and explore contributing mechanisms. RECENT FINDINGS: Many prenatal exposures, including intrauterine growth restriction, extremes of birth weight, maternal obesity, and maternal diabetes, are associated with increased fat mass, reduced muscle mass, and decreased bone density, with effects reported throughout infancy and childhood, and persisting into middle age. Mechanisms and mediators include maternal diet, breastmilk composition, metabolites, appetite regulation, genetic and epigenetic influences, stem cell commitment and function, and mitochondrial metabolism. Differences in body composition are a common phenotype following disruptions to the prenatal environment, and may contribute to developmental programming of obesity and diabetes risk.
Antepartum complications in twin pregnancies.; Women with twin pregnancies have some unique problems and some that occur more frequently than those seen in singleton pregnancies. Examples of the former are the vanishing twin and death of one fetus. Examples of the latter are congenital anomalies, hydramnios, hypertension, and anemia. Prenatal care must be altered because of these complications, and perinatal morbidity and mortality are increased.
In Vitro fertilization and adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes.; Most IVF-conceived children are healthy, but IVF has also been associated with adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes as well as congenital anomalies. There is also literature suggesting an association between IVF and neurodevelopmental disorders as well as potentially long-term metabolic outcomes. The main driver for adverse outcomes is the higher risk of multiple gestations in IVF, but as the field moves toward single embryo transfer, the rate of multiple gestations is decreasing. Studies have shown that singleton IVF pregnancies still have a higher incidence of adverse outcomes compared to unassisted singleton pregnancies. Infertility itself may be an independent risk factor. Animal models suggest that epigenetic changes in genes involved in growth and development are altered in IVF during the hormonal stimulation and embryo culture. Further animal research and prospective human data are needed to elucidate the mechanisms by which IVF may contribute to adverse outcomes and to decrease risks.
Idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, diabetes mellitus, and pregnancy.; A pregnancy complicated with idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura is described. Treatment consisted of primary ceasarean section, tubal ligation, and splenectomy with good results for mother and infant. Subsequent successful pregnancies may be anticipated if the thrombocytopenia-complicated pregnancy is managed as described.
Pregestational diabetes mediates the association between maternal obesity and the risk of congenital heart defects.; AIMS/INTRODUCTION: We aimed to explore whether the association between obesity and congenital heart defects (CHDs) can be mediated by maternal pregestational diabetes (PGDM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: We included 53,708 mother-infant pairs with deliveries between 2017 and 2019 from the Birth Cohort in Shenzhen. Mothers were categorized into four groups: the underweight group (body mass index [BMI] <18.5), normal weight group (18.5 ≤ BMI < 24), overweight group (24 ≤ BMI < 28) and obesity group (BMI ≥28). Multivariable logistic regression models were used to evaluate the association between BMI and CHDs. Mediation analysis was used to confirm the effect of PGDM on the association between maternal obesity and CHDs. RESULTS: The proportion of obese individuals in the Birth Cohort in Shenzhen was 2.11%. Overall, 372 (0.69%) infants were diagnosed with CHDs. Maternal obesity was associated with an increased risk of CHDs (odds ratio 1.97, 95% confidence interval 1.14-3.41). The mediation effect of PGDM on the association between maternal obesity and CHDs was significant (odds ratio 1.18, 95% confidence interval 1.06-1.32). The estimated mediation proportion was 24.83%. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity was associated with increased risk for CHDs, and PGDM partially mediated the association between maternal obesity and CHDs.
A population-based study of antenatal corticosteroid prophylaxis for preterm birth.; OBJECTIVE: National and international clinical practice guidelines, based on the meta-analysis of randomized trials, recommend antenatal corticosteroid (ACS) prophylaxis for threatened preterm delivery. We carried out a study to determine the extent to which current clinical practice in British Columbia adheres to these guidelines with a focus on preterm deliveries at 33 to 34 weeks of gestation. METHODS: Data were obtained from the British Columbia Perinatal Database Registry, a comprehensive provincial registry containing detailed information on all births in the province. All preterm live births between 2000 and 2009 were included in the study. The rate of ACS administration was assessed in different gestational age groups. Determinants of ACS administration (such as maternal characteristics and obstetric factors) were also studied. The frequency of ACS prophylaxis was estimated using rates and exact 95% confidence intervals, and associations were assessed using odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Among 35 862 preterm births in British Columbia, the rate of ACS administration was 56.0% in the 26- to 32-week group (95% CI 54.7% to 57.4%) and 19.4% in the 33- to 34-week group (95% CI 18.5% to 20.4%). Rates were reasonably consistent between 2000 and 2009 and by region of residence in British Columbia. Women with hypertension (OR 1.51; 95% CI 1.32 to 1.72), gestational diabetes (OR 1.21; 95% CI 1.05 t01.40), and iatrogenic deliveries (OR 1.34; 95% CI 1.22 to 1.47) were significantly more likely to receive ACS. CONCLUSION: Despite explicit clinical guidelines, ACS usage in preterm deliveries at 33 to 34 weeks of gestation appears to be suboptimal.
[Urinary kallikrein levels during pregnancy].; Whether to determine the urinary kallikrein (UKK) levels in the second trimester of pregnancy is valuable in predicting of gestosis, especially of hypertension, was studied using samples of urine obtained from 500 cases of pregnant women without gestosis, 50 pregnant women with gestosis and 50 cases of pregnancy with a variety of complications other than gestosis. The main results obtained were as follows: In normal pregnancy, UKK levels elevated with pregnancy for a peak in the first to the second trimester of pregnancy, tapering off thereafter. The UKK level was significantly lower in 20 pregnant women with gestosis especially in hypertensive type than in pregnant women without gestosis (p less than 0.001). Pregnant women with normal blood pressure who suffered no gestosis and had an extremely low UKK level, accounted for 9.8% of all pregnant women studied. This figure includes a large number of those who were in a high risk group for the onset of gestosis. From these findings, UKK was considered to be useful as one of the factors used in predicting the onset of hypertension in association with gestosis and we are now studying pregnant women in the 20th and 30th week of pregnancy in more detail.
Insulin Lispro in pregnancy--retrospective analysis of 33 cases and matched controls.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: To evaluate if the application of Lispro insulin in pregnancy increases the risk for malformations or unusual pregnancy courses. METHODS: Diabetes specialists were contacted in Germany and Austria and asked to report women with diabetes who had been treated with Lispro during pregnancy. Furthermore they were asked to report another pregnant diabetic woman treated with regular insulin with similar HbA1c and age for each Lispro case. Following data were requested: age, first HbA1c in pregnancy and time of analysis, start and duration of Lispro treatment, ultrasound examination, chorionic villi biopsy, amniocentesis, unusual pregnancy courses, standard examination of the new-born for any malformation. Two-sided 95% confidence limits (95%-CI) for risk differences of proportions of malformations or unusual pregnancy courses were calculated. RESULTS: 33 pregnant diabetic women with Lispro and 27 with regular insulin treatment were analysed (mean age 28.3 years (17-41)and 30.1 (19-40); mean HbA1c 6.9% (4.5-10.7) and 6.8% (4.7-9.8), respectively). There were four malformations or unusual pregnancy course (spontaneous abortion; elective interruption because of multiple malformations; heart malformations and hyaline membrane syndrom; premature birth) in the Lispro and one malformation (dyplastic hip) in the regular insulin group. Risk differences in proportions of malformation or unusual pregnancy courses were 8% (95%-CI: - 5% to 21%). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Risk differences for malformations or unusual pregnancy courses were not higher in the insulin Lispro group compared to the controls. However, we observed four malformations or unusual pregnancy courses in the Lispro group. A case-control study is suggested to get a precise risk estimate.
Postpartum care for Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus across urban, rural and remote locations: a protocol for a cohort linkage study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing, along with obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM), with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander (Aboriginal(a)) women in Australia particularly affected. GDM causes serious complications in pregnancy, birth, and the longer term, for women and their infants. Women with GDM have an eightfold risk of developing T2DM after pregnancy, compared to women without GDM. Indigenous women have an even higher risk, at a younger age, and progress more quickly from GDM to T2DM, compared to non-Indigenous women. If left undetected and untreated, T2DM increases risks in subsequent pregnancies, and can lead to heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, limb amputations and blindness for the woman in the longer term. A GDM diagnosis offers a 'window of opportunity' to provide acceptable and effective prevention, treatment, and postpartum care. Low rates of postpartum T2DM screening are reported among non-Aboriginal women in Australia and Indigenous women in other countries, however, data for Aboriginal women in Australia are scarce. A healthy diet, exercise and breastfeeding can delay the onset of T2DM, and together with T2DM screening are recommended elements of postpartum care for women with GDM. This paper describes methods for a study evaluating postpartum care among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women with GDM. METHODS/DESIGN: This retrospective cohort includes all women who gave birth at Cairns Hospital in far north Queensland, Australia, from 2004 to 2010, coded as having GDM in the Cairns Hospital Clinical Coding system. Data is being linked with the Midwives Perinatal Data Collection, and the three local laboratories. Hospital medical records are being reviewed to validate accuracy of GDM case ascertainment, and gather information on breastfeeding and provision of dietary advice. Survival analysis is being used to estimate time to screening, and rates of progression from GDM to T2DM. Logistic regression is being used to compare postpartum care between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal women, and assess factors that may be associated with provision of postpartum care. DISCUSSION: There are challenges to collecting postpartum data for women with GDM, however, this research is urgently needed to ensure adequate postpartum care is provided for women with GDM.
Prediction of uncomplicated pregnancies in obese women: a prospective multicentre study.; BACKGROUND: All obese pregnant women are considered at equal high risk with respect to complications in pregnancy and birth, and are commonly managed through resource-intensive care pathways. However, the identification of maternal characteristics associated with normal pregnancy outcomes could assist in the management of these pregnancies. The present study aims to identify the factors associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth in obese women, and to assess their predictive performance. METHODS: Data form obese women (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) with singleton pregnancies included in the UPBEAT trial were used in this analysis. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify sociodemographic, clinical and biochemical factors at 15(+0) to 18(+6) weeks' gestation associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth, defined as delivery of a term live-born infant without antenatal or labour complications. Predictive performance was assessed using area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC). Internal validation and calibration were also performed. Women were divided into fifths of risk and pregnancy outcomes were compared between groups. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated using the upper fifth as the positive screening group. RESULTS: Amongst 1409 participants (BMI 36.4, SD 4.8 kg/m(2)), the prevalence of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth was 36% (505/1409). Multiparity and increased plasma adiponectin, maternal age, systolic blood pressure and HbA1c were independently associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. These factors achieved an AUROC of 0.72 (0.68-0.76) and the model was well calibrated. Prevalence of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, and postpartum haemorrhage decreased whereas spontaneous vaginal delivery increased across the fifths of increasing predicted risk of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were 38%, 89%, 63% and 74%, respectively. A simpler model including clinical factors only (no biomarkers) achieved an AUROC of 0.68 (0.65-0.71), with sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of 31%, 86%, 56% and 69%, respectively. CONCLUSION: Clinical factors and biomarkers can be used to help stratify pregnancy and delivery risk amongst obese pregnant women. Further studies are needed to explore alternative pathways of care for obese women demonstrating different risk profiles for uncomplicated pregnancy and birth.
Systemic and ocular findings in 100 patients with optic nerve hypoplasia.; To describe associated ocular, neurologic, and systemic findings in a population of children with optic nerve hypoplasia, a retrospective chart review of 100 patients with optic nerve hypoplasia for the presence of neurologic, radiologic, and endocrine abnormalities was performed. Neuroimaging and endocrine studies were obtained in 65 cases. Visual acuity and associated ocular, neurologic, endocrine, systemic, and structural brain abnormalities were recorded. Seventy-five percent had bilateral optic nerve hypoplasia. Conditions previously associated with optic nerve hypoplasia and present in our patients include premature birth in 21%, fetal alcohol syndrome in 9%, maternal diabetes in 6%, and endocrine abnormalities in 6%. Developmental delay was present in 32%, cerebral palsy in 13%, and seizures in 12%. Of those imaged, 60% had an abnormal study. Neuroimaging showed abnormalities in ventricles or white- or gray-matter development in 29 patients, septo-optic dysplasia in 10, hydrocephalus in 10, and corpus callosum abnormalities in 8. There was an associated clinical neurologic abnormality in 57% of patients with bilateral optic nerve hypoplasia and in 32% of patients with unilateral optic nerve hypoplasia. Patients with unilateral and bilateral optic nerve hypoplasia frequently have a wide range and common occurrence of concomitant neurologic, endocrine, and systemic abnormalities.
Macular edema and pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetes.; Seven women with insulin-dependent diabetes (mean age, 26 years; mean duration of diabetes, 15.4 years) had minimal or no retinopathy before becoming pregnant but developed severe macular edema associated with preproliferative or proliferative retinopathy during the course of their pregnancies. The edema was associated with significant macular capillary nonperfusion, and often with significant proteinuria and mild hypertension. Although proliferation was controlled with panretinal photocoagulation, the macular edema continued to worsen until delivery in all cases and was often aggravated by the photocoagulation. Macular edema and retinopathy both regressed after delivery in some patients but persisted in others, causing significant visual loss. Pregnant women with retinopathy, nephropathy, or hypertension should undergo ophthalmoscopy at least once a month. If proliferative retinopathy develops, panretinal photocoagulation should be applied even if the macular edema is aggravated.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and offspring risk of congenital heart defects: a nationwide cohort study.; STUDY QUESTION: Is maternal polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) associated with increased offspring risk of congenital heart defects? SUMMARY ANSWER: This study does not support a strong association between PCOS and an increased risk of congenital heart defects. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: In addition to affecting reproductive health, PCOS may involve insulin resistance. Maternal pregestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart defects and therefore PCOS may increase the risk of congenital heart defects in the offspring. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: In this nationwide cohort study, we used data from Danish health registers collected from 1995 to 2018. The study included 1 302 648 offspring and their mothers. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Participants were live singleton offspring born during the study period. Information on maternal PCOS and offspring congenital heart defects was obtained from the National Patient Register. Logistic regression analysis was used to compute prevalence (odds) ratio (PR) of the association between PCOS and offspring congenital heart defects. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Among 1 302 648 live-born singletons, 11 804 had a mother with PCOS. Of these, 143 offspring had a congenital heart defect (prevalence 121 per 10 000) as compared with 12 832 among mothers without PCOS (prevalence 99 per 10 000). The adjusted PR was 1.22, 95% CI 1.03-1.44 comparing prevalence of congenital heart defects in offspring of women with PCOS with offspring of women without. After adjusting for the potentially mediating effect of pregestational diabetes, the PR was 1.16, 95% CI 0.98-1.37. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: PCOS may be underdetected in the National Patient Register. However, we expect that the mothers that we identified with PCOS truly had PCOS, thus, the estimated associations are not likely to be affected by this misclassification. The study does not provide evidence to rule out a moderate or weak association. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: These findings provide reassurance to clinicians counselling pregnant women with PCOS that the disease does not pose a markedly increased risk of offspring congenital heart defects. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): The study was funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation. M.L. reports personal fees from Dansk Lægemiddel Information A/S outside the submitted work. The remaining authors have no conflicts of interest. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Maternal hyperglycemia modifies extracellular matrix signaling pathways in neonatal rat lung.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes is associated with numerous adverse effects in fetal and neonatal organs, including the lungs. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of intrauterine hyperglycemia on neonatal lung biological signaling, we performed a microarray analysis in the lungs of four 14-day-old rat pups born to a hyperglycemic dam and in four age mate control pup lungs. METHODS: Total RNA was isolated and cDNA was hybridized to the Illumina Sentrix® RatRef-12 BeadChip. A total of 22,000 genes were analyzed for expression profiles and functional gene clustering. Ten selected genes differentially expressed in microarray were additionally analyzed by the real-time polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: Two hundred twenty-seven genes were differentially expressed in neonatal rat lungs exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia when compared to normoglycemic controls (fold change > 1.2, p < 0.001). Functional clustering analysis revealed increased expression in signaling pathways involved with extracellular matrix regulation. The most significantly downregulated functions were cell proliferation, extracellular region, cell adhesion and reactive oxygen species metabolism. CONCLUSION: We found significant hyperglycemia-induced gene expression alterations in neonatal rat pulmonary tissue which may interfere with lung growth and biological signaling pathways.
Relationship between advanced glycated end products and maternal cognition in gestational diabetes: a case control study.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a form of glucose intolerance which manifests during pregnancy. There is lack of literature regarding the study of cognitive functions in GDM. Recent evidences suggests an increase in accumulation of serum Advanced glycated end products (AGE'S) during GDM. Accumulation of AGE's in brain can induce changes in permeability of blood brain barrier and creates oxidative stress and inflammation that can alter cognitive functions. In this study we hypothesize that diagnosis of GDM in pregnancy is related to lower cognitive scores which is correlated to increased serum AGE's level. METHOD: This was a cross sectional case control study which recruited 60 participants in total consisting of two groups with 30 participants in each - diagnosed cases of GDM and healthy pregnant controls. Subjects were recruited from OPD of Obstetrics & Gynecology department in a tertiary care hospital in South India at gestational age of 32-36 weeks. On the first appointment, biochemical parameters of Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) & HbA1C was measured in both groups. Serum was obtained for testing levels of N Carboxy methyl lysine (N-CML) (a form of AGE). On second appointment, pen and paper neurocognitive tests including Montreal cognitive tests (MOCA) and Trail making test (TMT A & B) was presented. Event related potentials (ERP's) are time locked EEG wave signals produced in response to a sensory, motor or cognitive event. P300 is an "endogenous" ERP produced by cognitive processing in response to a stimuli presented to subject. P300 wave Latency and amplitude was recorded in both the groups as an objective marker of cognitive processing. Above mentioned biochemical and neurocognitive parameters were compared between both the groups and correlation analysis between serum AGE levels and neurocognitive parameters was performed using SPSS software. RESULTS: Biochemical parameters of HbAIC & N-CML(A form of AGE) levels were increased in GDM group (HbA1C 6.01±0.30 and N CML 236.25 ± 68.9) vs Control group (HbA1C 4.11 ± 0.68 and NCML 198.42 ± 44.2). Scores in MOCA were significantly lower in GDM (28 (27-29)) group as compared to controls (24 (23-25)). GDM subjects took significantly greater time to perform TMT A (24.59 ± 2.60 s) test than controls (29.7 ± 1.72 s). Significant changes were not found in P300 Latency & amplitude in GDM group. Decreased MOCA scores and increased duration of TMT A attempt were correlated with increased serum AGE concentration in GDM group. CONCLUSIONS: Our study indicates the vulnerability of women suffering from GDM to cognitive impairment during pregnancy. Lower scores in cognitive tests were correlated to AGE accumulation in GDM women.
The occurrence of small for gestational age infants and perinatal and maternal outcomes in normal and poor maternal weight gain singleton pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the occurrence of small for gestational age (SGA) infants and perinatal and maternal outcomes in singleton pregnancies with normal and poor maternal weight gain. MATERIAL AND METHOD: Pregnant women with normal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and attending the antenatal clinic at King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital (KCMH) between 2006 and 2010 were eligible for the present study. The Thai population guidelines recommend a total weight gain of 10 to 16 kg or > or = 0.27 kg/week during pregnancy. In contrast, in 2009 the Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines recommended a total weight gain of 11.5 to 16 kg or > or = 0.31 kg/week. Our patients were analyzed using both sets of guidelines based on a normal pre-pregnancy BMI (18.5-24.9 kg/m2). SGA infants, perinatal outcomes, and maternal outcomes were compared between women whose weight gain met or exceeded the recommendations (normal weight gain) and women who did not meet these recommendations (poor weight gain). RESULTS: A case-control of 1,152 singleton pregnancies was used for the analyses. Women with poor weight gain by the recommendation of the Thai population guidelines were significantly associated with SGA infants (1% in normal weight gain group and 2.6% in poor weight gain group adjusted odd ratio (aOR) 2.77, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.06 to 7.28), preterm births (aOR 2.20, 95% CI 1.43 to 3.38), and low birth weight (LBW) infants (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 1.60 to 4.13). Women with poor weight gain by the recommendation in the 2009 IOM guidelines were significantly associated with preterm births (aOR 2.04, 95% CI 1.31 to 3.17), LBW infants (aOR 2.75, 95% CI 1.66 to 4.55), but not SGA infants (aOR 1.97, 95% CI 0.74 to 5.20). Maternal weight gain < 0.27 kg/week (Thai guidelines) was more likely to associate with SGA infants than maternal weight gain < 0.31 kg/week (2009 IOM guidelines). Women with normal weight gain by both recommendations were more likely to have pregnancy-induced hypertension and less likely to have gestational diabetes compared with women with poor weight gain. CONCLUSION: Poor maternal weight gain during pregnancy was associated with SGA infants, preterm births, and LBW infants. The Thai guidelines were a better predictor of SGA infants. The 2009 IOM guidelines should be used with caution in Thai patients.
Circulating and placental growth-differentiation factor 15 in preeclampsia and in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus.; Growth-differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15), a stress-responsive transforming growth factor-beta-related cytokine, is emerging as a new risk marker in patients with cardiovascular disease. We explored GDF-15 in preeclampsia and in diabetic pregnancies, because these conditions are associated with augmented risk for cardiovascular disease, both in mother and in offspring. Plasma from pregnant women (n=267; controls: n=59, preeclampsia: n=85, diabetes mellitus: n=112, and superimposed preeclampsia in diabetes mellitus: n=11), fetal plasma (n=72), and amniotic fluid (n=99) were analyzed by immunoassay for GDF-15. Placental GDF-15 mRNA and protein expression levels were analyzed by quantitative real-time PCR and immunoblots in 78 and 18 pregnancies, respectively. Conditioned media from preeclamptic (n=6) and control (n=6) villous placenta explants were analyzed by immunoassay for GDF-15. Median maternal GDF-15 concentration was elevated in those with diabetes mellitus, as compared with controls (91 549 versus 79 875 ng/L; P=0.02). Median GDF-15 concentration was higher in patients with preeclampsia than in controls in term maternal blood samples (127 061 versus 80 319 ng/L; P<0.001). In the fetal circulation and amniotic fluid, GDF-15 was elevated in preeclampsia and superimposed preeclampsia in diabetes mellitus, as compared with controls. GDF-15 placental mRNA expression was elevated in preeclampsia, as compared with controls (P=0.002). Placenta immunoblots confirmed a single GDF-15 protein band, and a time-dependent increase in GDF-15 protein was detected in the conditioned media. Our study is the first to show that GDF-15 is dysregulated, both in preeclampsia and in diabetic pregnancies. The mechanisms and diagnostic implications of these findings remain to be explored.
Metformin exposure in first trimester of pregnancy and risk of all or specific congenital anomalies: exploratory case-control study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether exposure to metformin during the first trimester of pregnancy, for diabetes or other indications, increases the risk of all or specific congenital anomalies. DESIGN: Population based exploratory case-control study using malformed controls. Cases of 29 specific subgroups of non-genetic anomalies, and all non-genetic anomalies combined, were compared with controls (all other non-genetic anomalies or genetic syndromes). SETTING: 11 EUROmediCAT European congenital anomaly registries surveying 1 892 482 births in Europe between 2006 and 2013. PARTICIPANTS: 50 167 babies affected by congenital anomaly (41 242 non-genetic and 8925 genetic) including live births, fetal deaths from 20 weeks' gestation, and terminations of pregnancy for fetal anomaly. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Odds ratios adjusted for maternal age, registry, multiple birth, and maternal diabetes status. RESULTS: 168 babies affected by congenital anomaly (141 non-genetic and 27 genetic) were exposed to metformin, 3.3 per 1000 births. No evidence was found for a higher proportion of exposure to metformin during the first trimester among babies with all non-genetic anomalies combined compared with genetic controls (adjusted odds ratio 0.84, 95% confidence interval 0.55 to 1.30). The only significant result was for pulmonary valve atresia (adjusted odds ratio 3.54, 1.05 to 12.00, compared with non-genetic controls; 2.86, 0.79 to 10.30, compared with genetic controls). CONCLUSIONS: No evidence was found for an increased risk of all non-genetic congenital anomalies combined following exposure to metformin during the first trimester, and the one significant association was no more than would be expected by chance. Further surveillance is needed to increase sample size and follow up the cardiac signal, but these findings are reassuring given the increasing use of metformin in pregnancy.
Diabetic pregnancy as a novel risk factor for cardiac dysfunction in the offspring-the heart as a target for fetal programming in rats.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The impact of diabetic pregnancy has been investigated extensively regarding offspring metabolism; however, little is known about the influence on the heart. We aimed to characterise the effects of a diabetic pregnancy on male adult offspring cardiac health after feeding a high-fat diet in an established transgenic rat model. METHODS: We applied our rat model for maternal type 2 diabetes characterised by maternal insulin resistance with hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia. Diabetes was induced preconceptionally via doxycycline-induced knock down of the insulin receptor in transgenic rats. Male wild-type offspring of diabetic and normoglycaemic pregnancies were raised by foster mothers, followed up into adulthood and subgroups were challenged by a high-fat diet. Cardiac phenotype was assessed by innovative speckle tracking echocardiography, circulating factors, immunohistochemistry and gene expression in the heart. RESULTS: When feeding normal chow, we did not observe differences in cardiac function, gene expression and plasma brain natriuretic peptide between adult diabetic or normoglycaemic offspring. Interestingly, when being fed a high-fat diet, adult offspring of diabetic pregnancy demonstrated decreased global longitudinal (-14.82 ± 0.59 vs -16.60 ± 0.48%) and circumferential strain (-23.40 ± 0.57 vs -26.74 ± 0.34%), increased relative wall thickness (0.53 ± 0.06 vs 0.37 ± 0.02), altered cardiac gene expression, enlarged cardiomyocytes (106.60 ± 4.14 vs 87.94 ± 1.67 μm), an accumulation of immune cells in the heart (10.27 ± 0.30 vs 6.48 ± 0.48 per fov) and higher plasma brain natriuretic peptide levels (0.50 ± 0.12 vs 0.12 ± 0.03 ng/ml) compared with normoglycaemic offspring on a high-fat diet. Blood pressure, urinary albumin, blood glucose and body weight were unaltered between groups on a high-fat diet. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Diabetic pregnancy in rats induces cardiac dysfunction, left ventricular hypertrophy and altered proinflammatory status in adult offspring only after a high-fat diet. A diabetic pregnancy itself was not sufficient to impair myocardial function and gene expression in male offspring later in life. This suggests that a postnatal high-fat diet is important for the development of cardiac dysfunction in rat offspring after diabetic pregnancy. Our data provide evidence that a diabetic pregnancy is a novel cardiac risk factor that becomes relevant when other challenges, such as a high-fat diet, are present.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Future Metabolic Syndrome.; Background: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is associated with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and preterm birth (PTB), but it is unclear whether this association is due to the pregnancy complication(s) or prepregnancy/early pregnancy confounders. The study examines the association of GDM, HDP, and PTB with MetS 2-7 years later, independent of early pregnancy factors. Materials and Methods: Large, diverse cohort of nulliparous pregnant people with singleton gestations enrolled during their first trimester and who attended a follow-up study visit 2-7 years after delivery. The longitudinal cohort was recruited from eight medical centers across the United States. Using standardized protocols, anthropometry, biospecimens, and surveys were collected at study visits and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from medical records. We estimated the relative risk of prevalent MetS at the follow-up study visit for participants with GDM, HDP, or PTB (vs. no complications), adjusting for early pregnancy age, body mass index, self-reported race/ethnicity, insurance type, and smoking status. Results: Of 4,402 participants, 738 (16.8%) had MetS at follow-up: 13.1% (441/3,365) among those with no complications, and 27.9% (290/1,002) among those with complications. MetS occurred in 39.0% of GDM (73/187, adjusted relative risk [aRR] = 1.75; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.42-2.16); 29.2% of HDP (176/603, aRR = 1.49; 95% CI 1.27-1.75); and 29.7% of PTB (113/380, aRR = 1.78; 95% CI 1.49-2.12). Those who had both HDP and PTB (n = 113) had an aRR = 1.95 (95% CI 1.50-2.54). Conclusions: People whose pregnancies were complicated by GDM, HDP, or PTB are at a higher risk of MetS within 2-7 years after delivery, independent of early pregnancy risk factors. The highest MetS risk follows pregnancies complicated by both HDP and PTB.
Cesarean section in the massively obese.; A series of 24 abdominal sections were performed on patients weighing 114 Kg or over. A detailed analysis of the indications, vital statistics, and medical, surgical, and post operative complications were made. There were no serious complications. The authors conclude that reluctance to perform abdominal section because of obesity is not warranted.
Visual evoked potentials in offspring born to mothers with overweight, obesity and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Overweight, obesity, and gestational diabetes (GD) during pregnancy may negatively affect neurodevelopment in the offspring. However, the mechanisms are unclear and objective measures of neurodevelopment in infancy are scarce. We hypothesized that these maternal metabolic pathologies impair cortical visual evoked potentials (cVEPs), a proxy for visual and neuronal maturity. DESIGN: The PREOBE study included 331 pregnant women stratified into four groups; normal weight (controls), overweight, obesity, and GD (the latter including mothers with normal weight, overweight and obesity). In a subsample of the offspring at 3 months (n = 157) and at 18 months (n = 136), we assessed the latencies and amplitudes of the P100 wave from cVEPs and calculated visual acuity. RESULTS: At 3 months of age, visual acuity was significantly poorer in offspring born to GD mothers. At 18 months of age, there were no differences in visual acuity but infants born to GD mothers had significantly longer latencies of cVEPs when measured at 15', and 30' of arc. The group differences at 30' remained significant after confounder adjustment (mean [SD] 121.0 [16.0] vs. 112.6 [7.6] ms in controls, p = 0.007) and the most prolonged latencies were observed in offspring to GD mothers with concurrent overweight (128.9 [26.9] ms, p = 0.002) and obesity (118.5 [5.1] ms, p = 0.020). CONCLUSIONS: Infants born to mothers with GD, particularly those with concurrent overweight or obesity, have prolonged latencies of visual evoked potentials at 18 months of age, suggesting that this maternal metabolic profile have a long lasting, non-optimal, effect on infants´ brain development.
Maternal poor glycemic control increases risk of neonatal left ventricular hypertrophy.; BACKGROUND: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is an important complication of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). However, the defined factors, such as the influence of glycemic control, insulin administration of diabetic mothers and large for gestational age (LGA) in infants, are largely unknown on the incidence of LVH. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of maternal and neonatal risk factors associated with LVH in IDMs. METHODS: This prospective analytic study was conducted at tertiary care hospitals in a 1-year period. Inborn IDMs were enrolled, and ventricular hypertrophy was identified by 2D echocardiography in the first 72 hours after birth. RESULTS: A total of 160 IDMs met the inclusion criteria, 33 (20.6%) of which had LVH. The incidence of infants with LVH born to mothers with poor glycemic control (fasting blood sugar >95 mg/dL) was significantly elevated than those with good glycemic control (45.5% vs. 14.4%, P<0.001). Twelve IDMs (12/33, 36.5%) of LVH and 17 IDMs (17/127, 13.4%) of non-LVH were LGA. IDMs with LVH, compared those with non-LVH, had significantly increased left ventricular (LV) geometry; IVSd (6.5±0.8 vs. 4.0±0, 7 mm), LV IDd (16.8±3.3 mm vs. 18.4±1.1), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) (68.3±8.5% vs. 62.9±17.5%), left ventricular fraction shortening (LVFS) (35.9±6.6% vs. 32.2±5.5%), LV mass (15.3±11.6 vs. 9.3±2.5 g) and LV mass index (66.2±17.5 vs. 46.6±9.7 g/m(2)), all with P<0.001. There was significant correlation in LV mass with infants' weight, height and body surface area (BSA) (r=0.408, 0.337 and 0.424, respectively; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of neonatal ventricular hypertrophy in IDMs was 20.6%. Maternal poor glycemic control and LGA status in IDMs were dominant risk factors of LVH.
Pregnancy-induced sight-threatening diabetic retinopathy in women with Type 1 diabetes.; AIMS: To determine the progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnant women with diabetes offered tight glycaemic and blood pressure control. METHODS: A prospective study of 102 (87%) out of 117 consecutive pregnant women with Type 1 diabetes for median 16 years (range 1-36) and HbA(1c) 6.7% (4.9-10.8) in early pregnancy. Fundus photography was performed at 8 and 27 weeks. Retinopathy was classified in five stages. Diabetic macular oedema was classified as present in a mild form or as clinically significant macular oedema (CSMO). Progression was defined as at least one stage of deterioration of retinopathy and/or development of macular oedema in at least one eye. Sight-threatening progression was defined as loss of visual acuity>or=0.2 on Snellen's chart or laser treatment performed during pregnancy due to proliferative retinopathy or CSMO. RESULTS: Diabetic retinopathy was present at inclusion in at least one eye in 64 (63%) women and proliferative retinopathy and macular oedema were present in nine and 16 women, respectively. Progression of retinopathy occurred in 28 (27%) women. Sight-threatening progression occurred in six women; in three, visual acuity deteriorated and four required laser treatment. Sight-threatening progression was associated with presence of macular oedema (P=0.007), impaired visual acuity (P=0.03) and higher blood pressure (P=0.016) in early pregnancy, but not with HbA1c, decline in HbA1c, or prevalence of severe hypoglycaemia. CONCLUSIONS: Loss of visual acuity and the need for laser treatment during diabetic pregnancy remain clinical problems associated with presence of macular oedema, visual impairment and higher blood pressure in early pregnancy.
Long-term mortality risk and life expectancy following recurrent hypertensive disease of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of hypertensive disease of pregnancy have increased risks for early mortality from multiple causes. The effect of recurrent hypertensive disease of pregnancy on mortality risk and life expectancy is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether recurrent hypertensive disease of pregnancy is associated with increased mortality risks. STUDY DESIGN: In this retrospective cohort study, we used birth certificate data to determine the number of pregnancies affected by hypertensive disease of pregnancy for each woman delivering in Utah from 1939 through 2012. We assigned women to 1 of 3 groups based on number of affected pregnancies: 0, 1, or ≥2. Exposed women had ≥1 affected singleton pregnancy and lived in Utah for ≥1 year postpartum. Exposed women were matched 1:2 to unexposed women by age, year of childbirth, and parity. Underlying cause of death was determined from death certificates. Mortality risks by underlying cause of death were compared between exposed and unexposed women as a function of number of affected pregnancies. Cox regressions controlled for infant sex, gestational age, parental education, ethnicity, and marital status. RESULTS: We identified 57,384 women with ≥1 affected pregnancy (49,598 women with 1 affected pregnancy and 7786 women with ≥2 affected pregnancies). These women were matched to 114,768 unexposed women. As of 2016, 11,894 women were deceased: 4722 (8.2%) exposed and 7172 (6.3%) unexposed. Women with ≥2 affected pregnancies had increased mortality from all causes (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.04; 95% confidence interval, 1.76-2.36), diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio, 4.33; 95% confidence interval, 2.21-8.47), ischemic heart disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 3.30; 95% confidence interval, 2.02-5.40), and stroke (adjusted hazard ratio, 5.10; 95% confidence interval, 2.62-9.92). For women whose index pregnancy delivered from 1939 through 1959 (n = 10,488), those with ≥2 affected pregnancies had shorter additional life expectancies than mothers who had only 1 or 0 hypertensive pregnancies (48.92 vs 51.91 vs 55.48 years, respectively). CONCLUSION: Hypertensive diseases of pregnancy are associated with excess risks for early all-cause mortality and some cause-specific mortality, and these risks increase further with recurrent disease.
Weight gain in infancy is associated with carotid extra-medial thickness in later childhood.; OBJECTIVE: Early life is an important period for determining future risk of cardiovascular disease. Carotid extra-medial thickness is a novel noninvasive measure that estimates arterial adventitial thickness, information concerning vascular health not captured by assessment of arterial intima-media thickness alone. We sought to determine whether fetal growth and early postnatal growth are associated with carotid extra-medial thickness in 8 year old children. METHODS: Carotid extra-medial thickness was assessed by high-resolution ultrasound in 379 non-diabetic children aged 8-years, with complete data for birth weight, gestational age, early postnatal weight gain and carotid extra-medial thickness. RESULTS: Weight gain during infancy, from birth to 18 months of age, was significantly and positively associated with carotid EMT (11 μm per kg length-adjusted weight gain [95% CI 3, 18], P=0.007). This association was significantly stronger in boys than girls (Pheterogeneity=0.005). By contrast, there was no significant association between birth weight and carotid EMT (6 μm/kg birth weight [95% CI -12, 24], P=0.51). CONCLUSION: Excessive weight gain during infancy is associated with increased carotid extra-medial thickness, indicating that the alterations to the vasculature associated with excessive early postnatal growth likely include arterial adventitial thickening.
Fetal growth restriction shortens cardiac telomere length, but this is attenuated by exercise in early life.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Fetal and postnatal growth restriction cause a predisposition to cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. Telomeres are repetitive DNA-protein structures that protect chromosome ends, and the loss of these repeats (a reduction in telomere length) is associated with CVD. As exercise preserves telomere length and cardiovascular health, the aim of this study was to determine the effects of growth restriction and exercise training on cardiac telomere length and telomeric genes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pregnant Wistar Kyoto rats underwent bilateral uterine vessel ligation to induce uteroplacental insufficiency and fetal growth restriction ("Restricted"). Sham-operated rats had either intact litters ("Control") or their litters reduced to five pups with slowed postnatal growth ("Reduced"). Control, Restricted, and Reduced male rats were assigned to Sedentary, Early exercise (5-9 wk of age), or Late exercise (20-24 wk of age) groups. Hearts were excised at 24 wk of age for telomere length and gene expression measurements by quantitative PCR. Growth restriction shortened cardiac telomere length ( P < 0.001), but this was rescued by early exercise ( P < 0.001). Early and Late exercise increased cardiac weight index ( P < 0.001), but neither this nor telomere length was associated with expression of the telomeric genes Tert, Terc, Trf2, Pnuts, or Sirt1. DISCUSSION AND CONCLUSIONS: Growth restriction shortens cardiac telomere length, reflecting the cardiac pathologies associated with low birth weight. Exercise in early life may offer long-term protective effects on cardiac telomere length, which could help prevent CVD in later life.
Diabetic pregnancy following renal transplantation.; Renal transplantation for diabetic nephropathy prolongs survival and the return of fertility makes pregnancy possible. We describe a successful pregnancy in a 38-year-old diabetic renal transplant recipient despite blindness, gangrenous toes, cardiac impairment, and both sensory and autonomic neuropathy. Renal function remained stable throughout the pregnancy which was complicated by supine hypertension, postural hypotension and increasing proteinuria. Fetal distress and increasing proteinuria precipitated delivery by Caesarean section at 29 weeks of a female infant weighting 1.1 kg. Following delivery, hypertension improved, gangrene resolved, proteinuria decreased, and renal function remained stable. Pregnancy in long-standing diabetic patients with renal transplants, although hazardous, may be successful yet the maternal morbidity and mortality makes them inadvisable.
Near death of a pregnant Somali woman due to neglected eclampsia.; PURPOSE: To report a case of cardiac arrest of a Somali woman in labor due to neglected eclampsia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A 16-year-old Somali primigravida was seen because of convulsions at 28 weeks gestation. She had two attacks of convulsions at home before coming to the hospital. She suffers from diabetes and is insulin-dependent. Her convulsions were controlled with diazepam. Vaginal examination showed a seven cm dilated cervix with high-breech. In the operating room, cardiac arrest occurred. RESULTS: Cesarean section was performed during resuscitation. The patient's maternal condition improved and was diagnosed with pulmonary edema and diabetic ketoacidosis. She was admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) then transferred to the postnatal ward. She was discharged home and is in good general condition. CONCLUSION: Inadequate or lack of antenatal care of Somali pregnant women due to many factors, including ignorance, can result in medical catastrophic situations as illustrated in the current case.
Trends in Incidence and Outcomes of Pregnancy-Related Acute Myocardial Infarction (From a Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database).; Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) during pregnancy is rare but fatal complication. Recent incidence of pregnancy related AMI and trends in the related outcomes are unknown. The Nationwide Inpatient Sample database was utilized from years 2005 to 2014. International Classification of Disease-Ninth Revision were used to identify pregnancy related admissions and AMI. Primary outcome was incidence and trend of AMI related to pregnancy and Secondary outcomes were trends in mortality, resource utilization, and predictors of AMI during pregnancy. Simple logistic regression model was used to calculate predictors of AMI during pregnancy. p Values for trends were generated by Cochrane-Armitage test for categorical variables and simple linear regression for continuous variables. A total of 43,437,621 pregnancy related hospitalization and 3,786 cases of AMI (86% ante-partum and 14% postpartum) were noted during study period. The incidence of AMI during the study period was 8.7 per 100,000 pregnancies with an overall increase in incidence during the study period (relative increase of 18.9%, p <0.001). There was a concomitant decrease in mortality (relative decrease of 40.05%, p <0.001), cost of care (relative decrease of 8.70%, p <0.001), and length of stay (relative decrease of 13.53%, p <0.001). Significant predictors of AMI during pregnancy were higher age of pregnancy, black race, co-morbidities such as hypertension, thrombophilia, diabetes milletus, substance abuse, smoking, hyperlipidemia, heart failure, deep venous thrombosis, transfusion, fluid and electrolyte imbalance, and postpartum complications such as hemorrhage, infection, and depression. In conclusion, the incidence of AMI 2005 to 2014 rose with a concomitant decrease in mortality and resource utilization. High-risk patient characteristics were identified which could be utilized for resource allocation to further improve outcomes.
Nutrient-restricted fetus and the cardio-renal connection in hypertensive offspring.; A suboptimal intrauterine environment has a number of deleterious effects on fetal development and postpartum health outcomes. Epidemiological studies on several human populations have linked socioeconomic status and low birth weight to an increased incidence of diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease. A growing number of experimental studies in a variety of animal models demonstrate that maternal stressors, such as nutrition and reduced uterine perfusion, affect the intrauterine milieu and result in increased blood pressure in offspring. Several mechanisms appear to contribute to hypertension, including vascular dysfunction and increased peripheral resistance, altered cardio-renal structure and alterations in cardio-renal function. Although many studies have characterized models of developmentally generated hypertension, few have begun to seek therapeutic modalities to ameliorate its incidence. This review discusses recent work that refines hypotheses linking a suboptimal intrauterine environment to cardiovascular and renal phenotypes that have increased susceptibility to cardiovascular disease and hypertension.
Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes in women following gastric bypass: a Danish national cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess obstetrical and neonatal outcomes in women following gastric bypass, compared with adipose women without surgery and with a normal weight control population. DESIGN: Historical controlled cohort study. SETTING: Denmark. POPULATION: All women undergoing gastric bypass during the period 1996-2011, and subsequently giving birth. METHODS AND MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes in women without gastric bypass matched on age, parity, plurality, year, and body mass index, and normal weight women. RESULTS: In 415 women giving birth after gastric bypass we found significantly more women with hypertension in pregnancy; relative risk (RR) 2.5 (95% confidence interval 1.3-5.0), gestational diabetes; RR = 6.9 (3.5-13.5), and acute abdominal pain during pregnancy; RR = 4.7 (2.9-7.8) compared with normal weight controls. Compared with women with similar body mass index, they had a lower incidence of preeclampsia and emergency cesarean sections, and their children a lower incidence of asphyxia; RR = 0.4 (0.2-0.8). Their children were on average 212 g smaller than newborn of normal weight mothers, and 319 g smaller than newborn of adipose controls, and had significantly more admissions to neonatal intensive care unit compared with newborn of normal weight mothers; RR = 1.5 (1.1-2.0). CONCLUSIONS: Gastric bypass may reduce the risk of preeclampsia, emergency cesarean section, and perinatal asphyxia, compared with adipose women without surgery. Compared with normal weight controls women who had had a gastric bypass had a higher risk of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and acute abdominal pain during pregnancy and their children a lower birthweight and higher incidence of admittance to neonatal intensive care.
Pre-pregnancy weight and the risk of stillbirth and neonatal death.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and the risk of stillbirth and neonatal death and to study the causes of death among the children. DESIGN: Cohort study of pregnant women receiving routine antenatal care in Aarhus, Denmark. SETTING: Aarhus University Hospital, Denmark, 1989-1996. POPULATION: A total of 24,505 singleton pregnancies (112 stillbirths, 75 neonatal deaths) were included in the analyses. METHODS: Information on maternal pre-pregnancy weight, height, lifestyle factors and obstetric risk factors were obtained from self-administered questionnaires and hospital files. We classified the population according to pre-pregnancy BMI as underweight (BMI <18.5 kg/m(2)), normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)), overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2)) and obese (BMI 30.0 kg/m(2) or more). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Stillbirth and neonatal death and causes of death. RESULTS: Maternal obesity was associated with a more than doubled risk of stillbirth (odds ratio = 2.8, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.5-5.3) and neonatal death (odds ratio = 2.6, 95% CI: 1.2-5.8) compared with women of normal weight. No statistically significantly increased risk of stillbirth or neonatal death was found among underweight or overweight women. Adjustment for maternal cigarette smoking, alcohol and caffeine intake, maternal age, height, parity, gender of the child, years of schooling, working status and cohabitation with partner did not change the conclusions, nor did exclusion of women with hypertensive disorders or diabetes mellitus. No single cause of death explained the higher mortality in children of obese women, but more stillbirths were caused by unexplained intrauterine death and fetoplacental dysfunction among obese women compared with normal weight women. CONCLUSION: Maternal obesity more than doubled the risk of stillbirth and neonatal death in our study. The present and other studies linking maternal obesity to an increased risk of severe adverse pregnancy outcomes emphasise the need for public interventions to prevent obesity in young women.
Haptoglobin phenotype, pre-eclampsia, and response to supplementation with vitamins C and E in pregnant women with type-1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The phenotype of the antioxidant and pro-angiogenic protein haptoglobin (Hp) predicts cardiovascular disease risk and treatment response to antioxidant vitamins in individuals with diabetes. Our objective was to determine whether Hp phenotype influences pre-eclampsia risk, or the efficacy of vitamins C and E in preventing pre-eclampsia, in women with type-1 diabetes. DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a randomised controlled trial in which women with diabetes received daily vitamins C and E, or placebo, from 8 to 22 weeks of gestation until delivery. SETTING: Twenty-five antenatal metabolic clinics across the UK (in north-west England, Scotland, and Northern Ireland). POPULATION: Pregnant women with type-1 diabetes. METHODS: Hp phenotype was determined in white women who completed the study and had plasma samples available (n = 685). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: Compared with Hp 2-1, Hp 1-1 (OR 0.59, 95% CI 0.30-1.16) and Hp 2-2 (OR 0.93, 95% CI 0.60-1.45) were not associated with significantly decreased pre-eclampsia risk after adjusting for treatment group and HbA1c at randomisation. Our study was not powered to detect an interaction between Hp phenotype and treatment response; however, our preliminary analysis suggests that vitamins C and E did not prevent pre-eclampsia in women of any Hp phenotype (Hp 1-1, OR 0.77, 95% CI 0.22-2.71; Hp 2-1, OR 0.81, 95% CI 0.46-1.43; Hp 2-2, 0.67, 95% CI 0.34-1.33), after adjusting for HbA1c at randomisation. CONCLUSIONS: The Hp phenotype did not significantly affect pre-eclampsia risk in women with type-1 diabetes.
Decreased cardiac glutathione peroxidase levels and enhanced mandibular apoptosis in malformed embryos of diabetic rats.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize normal and malformed embryos within the same litters from control and diabetic rats for expression of genes related to metabolism of reactive oxygen species (ROS) or glucose as well as developmental genes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Embryos from nondiabetic and streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats were collected on gestational day 11 and evaluated for gene expression (PCR) and distribution of activated caspase-3 and glutathione peroxidase (Gpx)-1 by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Maternal diabetes (MD group) caused growth retardation and an increased malformation rate in the embryos of MD group rats compared with those of controls (N group). We found decreased gene expression of Gpx-1 and increased expression of vascular endothelial growth factor-A (Vegf-A) in malformed embryos of diabetic rats (MDm group) compared with nonmalformed littermates (MDn group). Alterations of messenger RNA levels of other genes were similar in MDm and MDn embryos. Thus, expression of copper zinc superoxide dismutase (CuZnSOD), manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD), and sonic hedgehog homolog (Shh) were decreased, and bone morphogenetic protein-4 (Bmp-4) was increased, in the MD embryos compared with the N embryos. In MDm embryos, we detected increased activated caspase-3 immunostaining in the first visceral arch and cardiac area and decreased Gpx-1 immunostaining in the cardiac tissue; both findings differed from the caspase/Gpx-1 immunostaining of the MDn and N embryos. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes causes growth retardation, congenital malformations, and decreased general antioxidative gene expression in the embryo. In particular, enhanced apoptosis of the first visceral arch and heart, together with decreased cardiac Gpx-1 levels, may compromise the mandible and heart and thus cause an increased risk of developing congenital malformation.
The impact of maternal obesity on the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in high-risk term pregnancies.; We investigated the impact of maternal obesity on pregnancy outcomes. Women with normal or obese body mass index (BMI) who delivered singleton infants at term were identified from a perinatal database. Rates of pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes were compared between women with normal prepregnancy BMI (20 to 24.9 kg/m (2), N = 9171) and those with an obese prepregnancy BMI (> or = 30, N = 3744). Rates of pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes were also evaluated by the level of obesity (obese [30 to 34.9 kg/m (2), N = 2106], severe obesity [35 to 39.9 kg/m (2), N = 953], and morbid obesity [> or = 40 kg/m (2), N = 685]). Rates of gestational diabetes (12.0% versus 3.7%, P < 0.001, odds ratio [95% confidence interval] = 3.5 [3.0, 4.1]) and gestational hypertension (30.9% versus 9.0%, P < 0.001, odds ratio [95% confidence interval] = 4.5 [4.1, 5.0]) were higher for obese versus normal BMI gravidas, respectively. Women with morbid or severe obesity had a greater incidence of gestational diabetes than women with an obese (30 to 34.9 kg/m (2)) or normal BMI (14.1%, 16.4%, 9.6%, and 3.7%, respectively; P < 0.05). The incidence of gestational hypertension increased with maternal BMI (9.0% normal, 25.5% obese, 33.7% severe, 43.4% morbid; all pairwise comparisons P < 0.05). Obese versus normal BMI was associated with more higher-level nursery admissions (8.2% versus 5.8%) and large-for-gestational age infants (12.3% versus 6.5%; P < 0.001). Obesity places a term pregnancy at risk for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Effect of pregnancy on renal function in patients with moderate-to-severe diabetic renal insufficiency.; OBJECTIVE: Previous studies of patients with diabetic nephropathy and mild renal impairment have suggested no determination in renal function as a result of pregnancy. The objective of this study was to determine whether pregnancy may permanently worsen renal function in women with diabetic nephropathy and moderate-to-severe renal insufficiency. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Eleven patients were identified with diabetic nephropathy and moderate-to-severe renal dysfunction (creatinine [Cr] > or = 124 mumol/l [1.4 mg/dl]) at pregnancy onset by retrospective chart review. Alterations in glomerular filtration rate were estimated by using linear regression of the reciprocal of Cr over time. An equal number of nonpregnant premenopausal type 1 diabetic women with similar degrees of renal dysfunction served as a comparison group for nonpregnant rate of decline of renal function and potential contributing factors. RESULTS: Mean serum Cr rose from 159 mumol/l (1.8 mg/dl) prepregnancy to 221 mumol/l (2.5 mg/dl) in the third trimester. Renal function was stable in 27%, showed transient worsening in pregnancy in 27%, and demonstrated a permanent decline in 45%. Proteinuria increased in pregnancy in 79%. Exacerbation of hypertension or preeclampsia occurred in 73%. Seven patients progressed to dialysis 6-57 months postpartum, with 71% (five of seven) of these cases attributed to acceleration of disease during the pregnancy. Student's tests and repeated-measures analysis of variance support a pregnancy-induced acceleration in the rate of decline of renal function. CONCLUSIONS: In this series, patients with diabetic nephropathy and moderate-to-severe renal insufficiency were found to have a > 40% chance of accelerated progression of their disease as a result of pregnancy.
[Homocarnosine of the amniotic fluid as an indicator of fetal cerebral lesions].; The authors stated the correlation between the levels of homocarnosine in the amniotic fluid, fetal encephalopathy and the degree of fetal neurologic symptomatology.
Genetically predicted body mass index and maternal outcomes of pregnancy: A two-sample Mendelian randomisation study.; OBJECTIVE: Observational studies have described associations between obesity and adverse outcomes of pregnancy but observational results are liable to influence by residual confounding. Mendelian randomisation (MR) leverages the 'natural' genetic randomisation to risk of an exposure occurring at allele assortment and conception. Similar to randomisation in a clinical trial, this limits the potential for the influence of confounding. DESIGN: A two-sample MR study. SETTING: Summary statistics from published genome wide association studies (GWAS) in European ancestry populations. POPULATION OR SAMPLE: Instrumental variants for body mass index (BMI) were obtained from a study on 434 794 females. METHODS: Inverse-variance weighted MR was used to assess the association between BMI and all outcomes. Sensitivity analyses with weighted median and MR-Egger were also performed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Female-specific genetic association estimates for outcomes were extracted from the sixth round of analysis of the FINNGEN cohort data. RESULTS: Higher genetically predicted BMI was associated with higher risk of pre-eclampsia (odds ratio [OR] per standard deviation 1.68, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.46-1.94, P = 8.74 × 10(-13) ), gestational diabetes (OR 1.67, 95% CI 1.46-1.92, P = 5.35 × 10(-14) ), polyhydramnios (OR 1.40, 95% CI 1.00-1.96, P = 0.049). There was evidence suggestive of a potential association with higher risk of premature rupture of membranes (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.00-1.36, P = 0.050) and postpartum depression (OR 1.12, 95% CI 0.99-1.27, P = 0.062). CONCLUSIONS: Higher genetically predicted BMI is associated with marked increase in risk of pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and polyhydramnios. The relation between genetically predicted BMI and premature rupture of membranes and postpartum depression should be assessed in further studies. Our study supports efforts to target BMI as a cardinal risk factor for maternal morbidity in pregnancy.
Neonatal outcomes among twins following assisted reproductive technology: an Australian population-based retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: While their incidence is on the rise, twin pregnancies are associated with risks to the mothers and their babies. This study aims to investigate the likelihood of adverse neonatal outcomes of twins following assisted reproductive technology (ART) compared to non-ART twins. METHODS: A retrospective population study using the Australian National Perinatal Data Collections (NPDC) which included 19,662 twins of ≥20 weeks gestational age or ≥ 400 g birthweight in Australia. Maternal outcomes and neonatal outcomes (preterm birth, low birth weight, resuscitation and neonatal death) were compared. Generalized Estimating Equations were used to assess the likelihood of any neonatal outcomes, with adjusted odds ratio (AOR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) presented. Weinberg's differential rule was used to estimate monozygotic twin rate. RESULTS: ART mothers were 3.3 years older than non-ART mothers. The rates of pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes were significantly higher for ART mothers than non-ART mothers (12.2% vs. 8.4%, p <  0.01) and (9.7% vs. 7.5%, p <  0.01) respectively. The incidence of monozygotic twins was 2.0% for ART twins and 1.1% for non-ART twins. Compared with non-ART twins, ART twins had higher rates of preterm birth (AOR 1.13, 95% CI: 1.05-1.22), low birth weight (AOR 1.13, 95% CI: 1.05-1.22), and resuscitation (AOR 1.26, 95% CI: 1.17-1.36). Liveborn ART twins had 28% (AOR 1.28, 95% CI 1.09-1.50) increased odds of having any adverse neonatal outcome compared to liveborn non-ART twins, especially for opposite-sex ART twins (AOR 1.42, 95% CI 1.11-1.82). CONCLUSION: As ART twins had higher rates of adverse outcome, special prenatal care is recommended. Couples accessing ART should be fully informed of the risk of adverse outcome of twin pregnancies.
Measurement of pregnancy-associated plasma proteins during human gestation.; Studies of four pregnancy-associated plasma proteins (PAPP's) were made on 206 plasma samples obtained from 175 pregnant women between 12 and 44 wk of gestation. The concentration of three PAPP's (A, C, and D) were assayed by quantitative crossed immunoelectrophoresis. They showed a gradual but small rate of increase during the 2nd trimester, which became more rapid in the 3rd trimester. PAPP-A continued to rise steadily during this period, while PAPP-C and PAPP-D (recently identified as human placental lactogen) tended to reach a plateau. Although PAPP-B could not be quantitated because of technical problems, it was detected in over 50% of the samples from the last 2 mo of gestation, but was almost never seen in those obtained during the 12th-28th wk of gestation. Various parameters were analyzed to determine their possible correlation with the PAPP levels during the last month of gestation. The race and age of the mother showed no influence on any of the PAPP's, while parity, sex of fetus, and infant birth weights appeared to affect the plasma concentration of some of the PAPP's. In the two instances studied, mothers of twins showed abnormally high PAPP levels.
Congenital malformations in newborns of women with established and gestational diabetes in Washington State, 1984-91.; We examined the relationship between diabetes in pregnancy and the development of congenital malformations, in a population-based retrospective study using birth certificate data for all liveborn children delivered from 1984 until 1991 in Washington State. Births to mothers with established and gestational diabetes numbered 1511 and 8869 respectively. For comparison we selected 8934 births to mothers without diabetes. The prevalence of congenital malformations in neonates was 7.2%, 2.8% and 2.1% among mothers with established diabetes, gestational diabetes, and without diabetes, respectively. Newborns of mothers with established diabetes were more likely to have a congenital malformation than newborns of non-diabetic mothers (prevalence odds ratio = 4.0; 95% confidence interval 3.1-5.1). In contrast, there was only a slightly higher prevalence of congenital malformations among newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes (prevalence odds ratio = 1.3; 95% CI 1.0-1.6). The association with maternal established diabetes was greater for neonates with multiple malformations (7.8; 95% CI 3.3-18.1) than for single malformations (2.9-95% CI 2.1-3.9). Four to seven fold associations were observed with skeletal, cleft lip/palate, neural tube and heart abnormalities. The association of established diabetes with congenital malformations was nearly twice as strong among female neonates (prevalence odds ratio = 5.4; 95% CI 3.7-8.0) than among male neonates (prevalence odds ratio = 3.1; 95% CI 2.2-4.5). No such variation was observed for associations with gestational diabetes. This study enlarges on previous work relating congenital anomalies to established diabetes and supports the possibility of a weak association with gestational diabetes.
High placental inositol content associated with suppressed pro-adipogenic effects of maternal glycaemia in offspring: the GUSTO cohort.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Maternal glycaemia promotes fetal adiposity. Inositol, an insulin sensitizer, has been trialled for gestational diabetes prevention. The placenta has been implicated in how maternal hyperglycaemia generates fetal pathophysiology, but no studies have examined whether placental inositol biology is altered with maternal hyperglycaemia, nor whether such alterations impact fetal physiology. We aimed to investigate whether the effects of maternal glycaemia on offspring birthweight and adiposity at birth differed across placental inositol levels. METHODS: Using longitudinal data from the Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes cohort, maternal fasting glucose (FPG) and 2-hour plasma glucose (2hPG) were obtained in pregnant women by a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test around 26 weeks' gestation. Relative placental inositol was quantified by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Primary outcomes were birthweight (n = 884) and abdominal adipose tissue (AAT) volumes measured by neonatal MRI scanning in a subset (n = 262) of term singleton pregnancies. Multiple linear regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: Placental inositol was lower in those with higher 2hPG, no exposure to tobacco smoke antenatally, with vaginal delivery and shorter gestation. Positive associations of FPG with birthweight (adjusted β [95% CI] 164.8 g [109.1, 220.5]) and AAT (17.3 ml [11.9, 22.6] per mmol glucose) were observed, with significant interactions between inositol tertiles and FPG in relation to these outcomes (p < 0.05). Stratification by inositol tertiles showed that each mmol/L increase in FPG was associated with increased birthweight and AAT volume among cases within the lowest (birthweight = 174.2 g [81.2, 267.2], AAT = 21.0 ml [13.1, 28.8]) and middle inositol tertiles (birthweight = 202.0 g [103.8, 300.1], AAT = 19.7 ml [9.7, 29.7]). However, no significant association was found among cases within the highest tertile (birthweight = 81.0 g [-21.2, 183.2], AAT = 0.8 ml [-8.4, 10.0]). CONCLUSIONS: High placental inositol may protect the fetus from the pro-adipogenic effects of maternal glycaemia. Studies are warranted to investigate whether prenatal inositol supplementation can increase placental inositol and reduce fetal adiposity.
[Pregnancy in a class-T diabetic patient].; We report the pregnancy of a 35 year old diabetic woman with a positive Australia antigen, 3 years after a successful cadaver kidney transplant. Immunosuppressive therapy with prednisone, azathioprine and cyclosporine was maintained. Pregnancy was complicated by an acute rejection episode on week 13, mild hypertension and intrahepatic cholestasis on week 22. Cesarean section and tubal ligation were performed at 32 and a half weeks. A 2020 g female infant was delivered, with Apgar scores of 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 min, respectively. Mild respiratory distress, jaundice and hypocalcemia were noted. The Australia antigen was negative. No fetal anomalies were detected. The high risk of pregnancy in a class T diabetic patient is confirmed in this case.
Cord blood coagulation studies in infants of high-risk pregnant women.; A prospective study of cord blood for coagulability, evidence for disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC), and hematocrit was done in 106 infants who were offspring of mothers with high-risk pregnancies (pre-eclampsia, diabets mellitus, third-trimester bleeders, severe erythroblastosis fetalis, maternal hypertension, fetal distress, and spontaneous premature labor). Significant changes of hypercoagulability (low AT-III and abnormal TEG) were seen in the third-trimester bleeder and premature labor groups which also had the highest incidence of IRDS and necrotizing. Infants undergoing "stress" (pre-eclampsia, fetal distress) had elevated levels of factors V and VIII but were not hypercoagulable or AT-III deficient. Except for mild thrombocytopenia, infants of the diabetic mothers, a group with increased thrombotic complications, did not show any cord blood abnormalities. Offspring of third-trimester bleeders were anemic. The EBF infants were also anemic, severely hypercoagulable, and showed coagulation changes compatible with severe liver disease and/or DIC. Mild changes compatible with intravascular coagulation were seen in six infants and were not related to the the development of IRDS.
[Characteristics of hemodynamics in cardiomyopathies of newborn infants of diabetic mothers].; The hemodynamics was studied in 42 newborns with diabetic fetal diseases. Clinical and instrumental examinations revealed cardiomyopathy in 28 of these. Hemodynamic disorders were characterized by a low stroke volume resultant from reduced diastolic volume of the left ventricle. The most grave hemodynamic disorders! were detected in patients with the obstructive cardiomyopathy when both diastolic and systolic volumes of the left ventricle were changed, myocardia contractility reduced, and diastolic function suppressed.
Investigation of a pervasive immune, cardiac, and behavioral phenotype in Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome: A case report.; Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) is an imprinting disorder caused by genetic and epigenetic changes in the chromosome 11p15 region. The syndrome is characterized by a wide range of features including macrosomia, lateralized overgrowth, abdominal wall defects, and hypoglycemia. BWS presentation is variable across the entire patient population, but certain areas including immunology, cardiology, and behavioral differences are not well characterized. We present a case of a male patient with BWS due to the most common cause of BWS, loss of methylation at imprinting center 2 with a variable phenotype, including classical features (macrosomia, macroglossia, omphalocele, placentomegaly and mild lateralized overgrowth) in addition to uncommon features (immune deficiency, developmental delays, and pulmonary stenosis) not typically seen in BWS. This study defines a patient's clinical presentation and course and highlights the need to consider atypical organ systems in BWS as either an expansion of the phenotype or co-existing conditions to develop personalized care models.
Circulatory adaptation in newborn infants of strictly controlled diabetic mothers.; Possible relations between neonatal circulatory function and maternal diabetic control were investigated in 22 infants of strictly controlled diabetic mothers during the first 2 days after birth. Eleven infants were delivered vaginally (V) and 11 infants by elective cesarean section (S). Maternal diabetes was more severe in the latter group. Half of the infants had one or more episodes of neonatal morbidity although none presented symptomatic hypoglycemia. Plasma glucose FFA and C-peptide were measured at birth and 3-6 hours later together with skinfold thickness; heart size was determined by X-ray at 24-28 hours; stroke volume and cardiac output were repeatedly determined by transthoracic impedance and ECG. C-peptide at birth was higher in group S than in V. C-peptide in both groups were neither related to glucose or FFA nor to birthweight or skinfold thickness. Infants with neonatal complications including cardiomegaly had the highest C-peptide values. Skinfold was positively correlated to maternal pregnancy glucose level, birthweight percentile and infant heart volume. Mean values for stroke volume and cardiac output were similar in both groups and not different from normal controls when related to body weight. Heart volume and stroke volume were significantly related. ECG abnormalities were seen in 6 infants who showed cardiomegaly on X-ray. We suggest that the present finding of an association between elevated C-peptide concentration at birth and the occurrence of neonatal complications including cardiomegaly and ECG abnormalities could be the consequence of functional hyperinsulinism and that the cardiomegaly is of adaptive type.
Association between mode of delivery and neonatal deaths and complications in term pregnancy: a cohort study in Brazil.; AIM: Aim of the study was analyzing the association between mode of delivery and neonatal mortality/ morbidity in term pregnancy. METHODS: Cohort study with births of liveborn normally formed fetuses from single term pregnancies in a public teaching hospital in São Paulo, Brazil, from January 2003 to March 2004 (total of 1471 births). Data were collected from medical records. We defined 'elective caesareans' as those performed before labor. Four analyses were made: caesarean vs. vaginal, elective vs. non elective caesarean, elective caesarean vs. trial of labor, elective caesarean vs. women in labor. Outcomes studied were: neonatal deaths, jaundice, low Apgar score at 5 minutes, prolonged mechanical ventilation, convulsions, meconium aspiration syndrome, obstetrical trauma and late discharge. Adjustments were made for possible confounders. The chi square test was used along with logistic regression for the analyses. A significance level of 5% was assumed. RESULTS: A significant negative association between elective caesareans and neonatal death was found, neonatal complications taken as a whole and neonatal complications plus deaths. For example, elective caesarean versus women in labor for the outcome any neonatal complication, adjusted odds ratio 0.59; confidence interval 0.31-0.89. CONCLUSION: The study highlights a significant negative association of elective caesarean and neonatal mortality and morbidity in term pregnancy.
Foetal monitoring during labour: practice versus theory in a region-wide analysis.; PURPOSE: To evaluate cardiotocography (CTG) alone versus CTG and ST-analysis (STAN) in daily obstetric practice in a complete region. METHODS: Prospective registration in the region of Flanders in combination with standard registration of perinatal outcome. RESULTS: Of 62,606 term deliveries registered, 57,141 (91.3%) were available for complete analysis. In 50,748 (88.8%) CTG alone and in 6,393 (11.6%) CTG+STAN was used. STAN was used significantly more in case of hypertension, diabetes and induction of labour and was associated both in univariate and multivariate analysis with significantly more secondary caesarean section for suspected foetal distress, instrumental vaginal delivery, low Apgar score and need for neonatal intensive care. There was no difference in perinatal death or asphyxia. CONCLUSION: ST-analysis versus CTG results in more caesarean sections, instrumental vaginal deliveries and neonatal intensive care. This can not be explained solely by its use in more complicated cases as in multivariate analysis including hypertension, diabetes and induction of labour ST analysis persists as a significant factor. We hypothesise that this could be explained by less well trained users not adhering to STAN-guidelines.
[Outcome of pregnancy for immigrant women: a retrospective study].; AIM: Italy is experiencing a continuous increase in female immigration and, as a consequence, the number of births by immigrant mothers. The objective of our study was therefore to compare indices for maternal-foetal wellbeing as regards immigrant as opposed to autochthonous pregnant women. METHODS: An analysis was made of CEDAP data from 2001 to 2008 concerning parturients at Udine Obstetric and Gynaecological Clinic, DRG clinical data for 2008 and clinical records for 2008 of foreign parturients: the focus was on which geographical area they came from, hypertensive and metabolic symptoms during pregnancy, maternal serology, gestational period up to childbirth, weight at birth, Apgar index, duration of hospitalisation for the mother and infant. RESULTS: The study covered 13,352 women of whom 2,139 were foreigners, while 363 of the latter gave birth in 2008. In terms of geographical area the largest group of immigrants came from Eastern Europe, followed by sub-Saharan African and Arab countries. The worst outcome of pregnancy was found in African women, who showed the highest incidence of chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia and they also developed gestational diabetes more frequently, although a high incidence was also seen for Eastern European and Arab women. Furthermore, African women were found to be HIV-seropositive more frequently, showed a greater tendency to preterm or severely preterm birth, with a significantly lower weight and Apgar at birth compared to all other immigrant women. As a result, African women and infants remained in hospital for a longer period. CONCLUSION: Monitoring, both pre-conceptional and during pregnancy, needs to be intensified, especially among African mothers, in order to reduce the maternal-foetal disadvantage when compared to other women.
The problem of grandmultiparity in current obstetric practice.; A retrospective analysis of 646 Arab grandmultiparas who booked for hospital confinement between 1983 and 1985 was carried out. The results were compared with that of non-grandmultiparas during the same period. In the grandmultiparas, the incidences of gestational diabetes, hypertension rheumatic heart disease, antepartum, postpartum hemorrhage and macrosomic infants were increased. However, contrary to some previous reports the incidences of anemia, cesarean sections, induced labor, dysmaturity and perinatal deaths were decreased. This is thought to be due to the provision of modern specialist perinatal care and improved socioeconomic standards.
Associations of infant milk feed type on early postnatal growth of offspring exposed and unexposed to gestational diabetes in utero.; PURPOSE: Infants on prolonged breastfeeding are known to grow slower during the first year of life. It is still unclear if such effects are similar in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (GDM) in utero. We examined the associations of infant milk feeding on postnatal growth from birth till 36 months of age in offspring exposed and unexposed to GDM. METHODS: Pregnant mothers undertook 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance tests at 26-28 weeks of gestation for GDM diagnosis. Up to 9 measurements of offspring weight and length were collected from birth till 36 months, and interviewer-administered questionnaires were used to ascertain the duration of breastfeeding. RESULTS: There was a statistically significant interaction between GDM status and breastmilk intake by any (p (interaction) = 0.038) or exclusive/predominant breastfeeding (p (interaction) = 0.035) for the outcome of conditional weight gain. In offspring of non-GDM mothers (n = 835), greater breastmilk intake (BF ≥ 4 milk months) was associated with lower conditional gains in weight [B (95 % CI) -0.48 (-0.58, -0.28); p < 0.001] within the first year of life, as well as decreasing weight SDS velocity [-0.01 (-0.02, -0.005); p < 0.001] and BMI SDS velocity [-0.008 (0.01, -0.002); p = 0.008] across age in the first 36 months. In offspring of GDM mothers (n = 181), however, greater breastmilk intake was associated with increased conditional gains in weight [0.72 (0.23, 1.20); p = 0.029] and BMI SDS [0.49 (0.04, 0.95); p = 0.04] in the first 6 months and did not demonstrate the decreasing weight and BMI SDS velocity observed in offspring of non-GDM mothers. CONCLUSIONS: The reduced weight gain in the first year of life conferred by greater breastmilk intake in non-GDM children was not observed in GDM children. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study is registered under the Clinical Trials identifier NCT01174875; http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01174875?term=GUSTO&rank=2 .
Aspirin Use for Preeclampsia Prevention Among Women With Prepregnancy Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension.; This study estimates aspirin use for preeclampsia prevention in pregnant women with prepregnancy diabetes, obesity, chronic hypertension, and combinations of these factors in 2018-2020.
The life course perspective of gestational diabetes: An opportunity for the prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has traditionally been defined as glucose intolerance of varying severity with first onset in pregnancy, is rising in prevalence with maternal hyperglycemia currently affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide. Although often perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy, GDM is actually a chronic cardiometabolic disorder that identifies women who have an elevated lifetime risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In identifying high-risk women early in the natural history of these conditions, the diagnosis of GDM raises the tantalizing possibility of early intervention and risk modification. However, before such promise can be realized in practice, a series of clinical challenges/obstacles (reviewed herein) must be overcome. Ultimately, the coupling of this life course perspective of GDM with concerted efforts to overcome these challenges may enable fulfilment of this unique opportunity for the primary prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women.
Histopathology of spontaneous abortion in diabetic pregnancies.; This study reviewed the histopathology of endometrial curettings following spontaneous abortion in diabetics and controls. The two groups did not differ significantly for an array of histologic features. The relationships between histopathology and diabetic White class, diabetic nephropathy or retinopathy, first trimester hemoglobin A1 percentage, and first trimester serum magnesium level were studied. The only significant correlation found was between diabetic retinopathy and decidual congestion with the presence of venous fibrin.
Changes in Circulating Kisspeptin Levels During Each Trimester in Women With Antenatal Complications.; CONTEXT: Antenatal complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), fetal growth restriction (FGR), gestational diabetes (GDM), and preterm birth (PTB) are associated with placental dysfunction. Kisspeptin has emerged as a putative marker of placental function, but limited data exist describing circulating kisspeptin levels across all 3 trimesters in women with antenatal complications. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess whether kisspeptin levels are altered in women with antenatal complications. METHODS: Women with antenatal complications (n = 105) and those with uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 265) underwent serial ultrasound scans and blood sampling at the Early Pregnancy Assessment Unit at Hammersmith Hospital, UK, at least once during each trimester (March 2014 to March 2017). The women with antenatal complications (HDP [n = 32], FGR [n = 17], GDM [n = 35], PTB [n = 11], and multiple complications [n=10]) provided 373 blood samples and the controls provided 930 samples. Differences in circulating kisspeptin levels were assessed. RESULTS: Third-trimester kisspeptin levels were higher than controls in HDP but lower in FGR. The odds of HDP adjusted for gestational age, maternal age, ethnicity, BMI, smoking, and parity were increased by 30% (95% CI, 16%-47%; P < 0.0001), and of FGR were reduced by 28% (95% CI, 4-46%; P = 0.025), for every 1 nmol/L increase in plasma kisspeptin. Multiple of gestation-specific median values of kisspeptin were higher in pregnancies affected by PTB (P = 0.014) and lower in those with GDM (P = 0.020), but not significantly on multivariable analysis. CONCLUSION: We delineate changes in circulating kisspeptin levels at different trimesters and evaluate the potential of kisspeptin as a biomarker for antenatal complications.
Metabolic disorders mediate the relation of miscarriage with cardiovascular diseases.; AIMS: The extent to which the contribution of pregnancy loss to cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) can be explained by metabolic disorders is poorly elucidated but holds insights for reducing long-term cardiovascular risk. The aim of this study is to investigate the mediating effects of hypertension, diabetes mellitus (DM), and lipoprotein metabolism disorders on the association of miscarriage and stillbirth with coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and composite outcomes. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 163 283 ever-gravid women (age 55.3 ± 7.9 years) from the UK Biobank cohort without established metabolic disorders and CVDs were included and followed from 2007 to 2010 baseline until December 2020. Causal mediation analyses were used to estimate the proportion mediated. Hypertension mediated 11.1% (95% confidence interval, 3.7-18.5%) of the association between a history of miscarriage and incident CHD. Approximately, 9.5% (4.1-14.8%) of the effect of recurrent miscarriages on incident CHD was via hypertension, 8.4% (2.5-14.3%) of the effect was via lipoprotein metabolism disorders, 1.7% (0.5-2.9%) of the effect was via DM, and 10.7% (0.2-21.1%) of the effect of recurrent miscarriages on incident stroke was via hypertension. Hypertension mediated the largest proportion of effect for the atherosclerotic cardiovascular event (15.5% for a history of miscarriage and 9.4% for recurrent miscarriages), followed by lipoprotein metabolism disorders and DM. CONCLUSION: Hypertension, DM, and lipoprotein metabolism disorders mediated the association between miscarriage and various cardiovascular outcomes in later life. In particular, hypertension mediated a large proportion of the relationship between miscarriage and atherosclerotic CVD.
Prevalence of Home Births and Associated Risk Profile and Maternal Characteristics, 2016-2018.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the prevalence of pregnancies that meet the low-risk criteria for planned home births and describe geographic and maternal characteristics of home births compared with hospital births. METHODS: Data from the 2016-2018 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS), a survey among women with recent live births, and linked birth certificate variables were used to calculate the prevalence of home births that were considered low-risk. We defined low-risk pregnancy as a term (between 37 and 42 weeks of gestation), singleton gestation with a birth weight within the 10th-90th percentile mean for gestational age (as a proxy for estimated fetal size appropriate for gestational age), without prepregnancy or gestational diabetes or hypertension, and no vaginal birth after cesarean (VBAC). We also calculated the prevalence of home and hospital births by site and maternal characteristics. Weighted prevalence estimates are presented with 95% CIs to identify differences. RESULTS: The prevalence of home births was 1.1% (unweighted n=1,034), ranging from 0.1% (Alabama) to 2.6% (Montana); 64.9% of the pregnancies were low-risk. Among the 35.1% high-risk home births, 39.5% of neonates were large for gestational age, 20.5% of neonates were small for gestational age, 17.1% of the women had diabetes, 16.9% of the women had hypertension, 10.6% of the deliveries were VBACs, and 10.1% of the deliveries were preterm. A significantly higher percentage of women with home births than hospital births were non-Hispanic White (83.9% vs 56.5%), aged 35 years or older (24.0% vs 18.1%), with less than a high school-level of education (24.6% vs 12.2%), and reported no health insurance (27.0% vs 1.9%). A significantly lower percentage of women with home births than hospital births initiated prenatal visits in the first trimester (66.9% vs 87.1%), attended a postpartum visit (80.1% vs 90.0%), and most often laid their infants on their backs for sleep (59.3% vs 79.5%). CONCLUSIONS: Understanding the risk profile, geographic distribution, and characteristics of women with home births can guide efforts around safe birthing practices.
Morphologic evidence of accelerated closure of the ductus arteriosus in preterm infants.; In preterm infants, closure of the ductus arteriosus (DA) is often delayed, especially in those with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS). However, it has been suggested that functional closure of the DA may occur as early as 24 hours of age in some preterm infants exposed to intrauterine stress, and this is usually associated with decreased incidence of RDS. This suggests that accelerated maturation of the DA as well as of the lungs occurs in utero. Accordingly, histologic evidence of accelerated maturation of the DA was sought in a prospective autopsy study of 55 preterm infants ranging in gestational age from 19 to 32 weeks. There were four infants with clinically closed DA which showed histologic evidence of closure. The birth weight of these four infants ranged from 750--1,100 gm, the gestational age ranged from 24--32 weeks, and age of death was 39 hours to 6 days. The immediate causes of death were intracerebral hemorrhage or intrapulmonary hemorrhage, or both. Obstetric complications included chronic second trimester vaginal bleeding, abruptio placenta, malnutrition, diabetes, pulmonic stenosis of moderate degree, and chronic hypertension. These findings support the hypothesis that in some preterm infants exposed to chronic intrauterine stress, maturation of the DA is accelerated. This may result clinically in effective postnatal closure of the DA.
Preconception counseling.; The preconception counseling visit is an ideal time to evaluate the patient and her future expectations regarding pregnancy. In fact at every patient encounter, whether for acute or chronic care, consideration should be given to any woman who, although not pregnant, may become pregnant, and what effect each ordered procedure, laboratory examination, or medication prescription might have on her or her fetus. If the primary reason for the office visit is preconception counseling there are a few specific components that should be discussed besides a complete history and physical examination.
Occlusive cerebrovascular disease in young adults.; This retrospective study documents the experience of two large Canadian teaching hospitals with occlusive cerebrovascular disease in young adults. Chart review disclosed 76 patients aged 15-40 years during a recent six year period. An apparent cause, or significant coincident risk factors were found in 51 patients (67%). The most prevalent recognized causes were atherosclerosis, emboli from cardiac sources or intracranial aneurysms, and complicated migraine. Pregnancies or use of oral contraceptives were apparent coincident risk factors.
Changes in red blood cell oxygen transport in diabetic pregnancy.; Parameters of red cell oxygen transport were studied in 23 nonsmoking, insulin-dependent diabetic women and 20 nonsmoking healthy women late during pregnancy. In the pregnant diabetic women, arterial oxygen saturation (SAT) and arterial oxygen tension were significantly decreased. SAT correlated inversely with hemoglobin Alc (Hb Alc) (diabetic women: r = -0.43, p less than 0.05; total material: r = 0.66, p less than 0.001). Red blood cell 2,3-diphosphoglycerate (2,3-DPG) was significantly increased in the pregnant diabetic women (p less than 0.01), but the 2,3-DPG-induced change in hemoglobin-oxygen affinity was impaired. P50 (oxygen affinity, i.e., Po2 at 50% oxygen saturation) at actual pH correlated inversely with Hb Alc of the diabetic women (r = -0.45, p less than 0.05). The suggestion is made that, in diabetic pregnancy, particularly in poorly regulated cases, fetal hypoxia may be an important factor of the increased risk of intrauterine fetal death.
Disparate Risk Factors Among Pregnant Veterans Using Veterans Administration Health Benefits for Community-Based Obstetrical Care.; INTRODUCTION: Veterans using the Veterans Administration Health Care System (VAHCS) for obstetrical care experience disparate pregnancy-related risks and health outcomes when compared to their pregnant counterparts. This study examined the prevalence of risk factors associated with pregnancy-related comorbidities among U.S. Veterans receiving obstetrical care using VAHCS benefits in Birmingham, Alabama. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective chart review was conducted of pregnant Veterans receiving care at a large Veterans Administration facility from 2018 to 2021. Using one-sample t-tests, the data from the study charts were compared to the Alabama overall prevalence of tobacco and alcohol use, pregnancy-related hypertension/preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes and, when the Alabama data were unavailable, the U.S. national average prevalence of overweight, obesity, pre-pregnancy hypertension, posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, and anxiety among patients receiving obstetrical care. The institutional review board at the Birmingham VAHCS approved the study, with an exemption for human subjects research. RESULTS: The study sample (N = 210) experienced higher levels of obesity (42.3% vs. 24.3%, P < .001), tobacco (21.9% vs. 10.8%, P < .001) and alcohol (19.5% vs. 5.4%, P < .001) use, pre-pregnancy hypertension (10.5% vs. 2.1%, P < .001), posttraumatic stress disorder (33.8% vs. 3.3%, P < .001), anxiety (66.7% vs. 15.2%, P < .001), and depression (66.7% vs. 15.0, P < .001). Fewer patients in the study sample were classified as overweight (16.7% vs. 25.5%, P < .001), developed pregnancy-related hypertension/preeclampsia (7.6% vs. 14.4%, P < .001), or were diagnosed with gestational diabetes (7.1% vs. 10.2%, P < .001). The results did not vary by race or age. CONCLUSION: The findings highlight the need for further examination of social factors that may be driving disparities among pregnant Veterans, who may benefit from supplemental services to address modifiable comorbidities. Additionally, the implementation of a centralized database to track pregnancy-related outcomes for Veterans would allow these comorbidities to be more closely monitored and addressed. Heightened awareness of a patient's Veteran status and associated increased risks can alert providers to screen for depression and anxiety more frequently and to familiarize themselves with additional services the VAHCS may offer to patients. These steps could improve referrals to counseling and/or targeted exercise interventions.
Amniotic fluid embolism: a review of the literature with two case reports.; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a rare but dramatic obstetric complication. In this study, the pathogenesis of AFE and the disorders of coagulation and fibrinolysis and postmortem gross pathologic and histologic findings resulting from it are reviewed. The 2 case histories examined in this report exemplify different clinical courses of amniotic fluid embolism. In the first case, there was a predominant activation of the coagulation system, with a fatal outcome. In the second case, generalized fibrinolysis dominated, and the woman survived. Finally, the authors wish to emphasize that the administration of fibrinogen is an incorrect approach to the management of this syndrome. A combination of Macrodex and heparin might be effective in preventing the formation of microthrombi, but increased fibrinolysis has to be treated by a sufficiently high dose of fibrinolytic inhibitors.
Grand multiparity and the possible risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes: a dilemma to be deciphered.; BACKGROUND: The relation between grand multiparity (GMP) and the possible adverse pregnancy outcomes is not well identified. GMP (parity ≥5 births) frequently occurs in the Arab nations; therefore, this study aimed to identify the correlation between GMP and the different adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes in the Saudi population. METHOD: This cohort study was conducted on a total of 3327 women from the labour ward in King Khaled University Hospital, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Primiparous, multiparous and grand multiparous females were included. Socio-demographic data and pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes or hypertension, preeclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction were retrieved from the participants' files. In addition, the labour ward records were used to extract information about delivery events (e.g. spontaneous preterm delivery, caesarean section [CS]) and neonatal outcomes including anthropometric measurements, APGAR score and neonatal admission to the intensive care. RESULTS: Primiparas responses were more frequent in comparison to multiparas and GMP (56.8% and 33%, and 10.2% respectively). In general, history of miscarriage was elevated (27.2%), and was significantly higher in GMP (58.3%, p < 0.01). Caesarean delivery was also elevated (19.5%) and was significantly high in the GMP subgroup (p < 0.01). However, after adjustment for age, GMP were less likely to deliver by CS (odds ratio: 0.6, 95% CI: 0.4-0.8; p < 0.01). The two most frequent pregnancy-associated complications were gestational diabetes and spontaneous preterm delivery (12.6% and 9.1%, respectively). The former was significantly more frequent in the GMP (p < 0.01). The main neonatal complication was low birth weight (10.7%); nevertheless, neonatal admission to ICU was significantly higher in GMP (p = 0.04), and low birth weight was more common in primiparas (p < 0.01). Furthermore, logistic regression analysis revealed an insignificant increase in the maternal or neonatal risks in GMP compared to multiparas after adjustment for age. CONCLUSION: Grand multiparous Saudi females have similar risks of maternal and neonatal complications compared to the other parity groups. Advanced age might play a major role on pregnancy outcomes in GMP. Nevertheless, grand multiparty might not be discouraged as long as women are provided with good perinatal care.
Atrial flutter following placement of an umbilical venous catheter.; Atrial flutter is a rare complication of the insertion of an umbilical venous catheter. We report a neonate who had an umbilical venous catheter placed within the first 24 hours of life and developed a hemodynamically stable tachyarrhythmia. The arrhythmia was successfully managed with synchronized cardioversion, with no further complications. The presentation and management are discussed. Physicians should be watchful for such potentially life-threatening complications from the placement of indwelling lines.
Maternal Risk of Cardiovascular Disease After Use of Assisted Reproductive Technologies.; IMPORTANCE: The use of assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) is steadily increasing worldwide. The outcomes associated with treatment for an individual's long-term health, including risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), remain largely unknown, due to the small number of studies and their limited follow-up time. OBJECTIVE: To study whether the risk of CVD is increased among individuals who have given birth after ART compared with those who have given birth without ART. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A registry-based cohort study was conducted using nationwide data from Denmark (1994-2014), Finland (1990-2014), Norway (1984-2015), and Sweden (1985-2015). Data analysis was conducted from January to August 2022. A total of 2 496 441 individuals with a registered delivery in the national birth registries during the study period were included, and 97 474 (4%) of these gave birth after ART. EXPOSURES: Data on ART conception were available from ART quality registries and/or medical birth registries. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Information on CVD was available from patient and cause of death registries. The risk of CVD was estimated with Cox proportional hazards regression, adjusting for age, calendar year of start of follow-up, parity, diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome, diabetes, chronic hypertension, and country. RESULTS: Median follow-up was 11 (IQR, 5-18) years. The mean (SD) age of women with no use of ART was 29.1 (4.9) years, and the age of those who used ART was 33.8 (4.7) years. The rate of any CVD was 153 per 100 000 person-years. Individuals who gave birth after using ART had no increased risk of CVD (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR], 0.97; 95% CI, 0.91-1.02), with evidence of heterogeneity between the countries (I2 = 76%; P = .01 for heterogeneity). No significant differences in the risk of ischemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, stroke, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, pulmonary embolism, or deep vein thrombosis were noted with use of ART. However, there was a tendency for a modest reduction in the risk of myocardial infarction (AHR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.65-0.99), with no notable heterogeneity between countries. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The findings of this study suggest that women who gave birth after ART were not at increased risk of CVD over a median follow-up of 11 years compared with those who conceived without ART. Longer-term studies are needed to further examine whether ART is associated with higher risk of CVD.
Gestational diabetes in women with obesity; an analysis of clinical history and simple clinical/anthropometric measures.; AIM: We assessed clinical risk factors, anthropometric measures of adiposity and weight gain to determine associations with development of GDM in a cohort of pregnant women with obesity. METHODS: This was a secondary analysis of the UPBEAT trial of a complex lifestyle intervention in pregnant women with obesity (ISRCTN89971375). Clinical risk factors, and measures of adiposity and weight were assessed in the early 2nd trimester (mean 17 +0 weeks), and adiposity and weight repeated in the early 3rd trimester (mean 27 +5 weeks'). RESULTS: Of the 1117 women (median BMI 35.0 kg/m2) with complete data, 25.8% (n = 304) developed GDM (IADPSG criteria, OGTT 24-28weeks). Using multivariable analysis, early clinical risk factors associated with later development of GDM included age (adj OR 1.06 per year; 95% CI 1.04-1.09), previous GDM (3.27; 1.34-7.93) and systolic blood pressure (per 10mmHg, 1.34; 1.18-1.53). Anthropometric measures positively associated with GDM included second trimester (mean 17+0 weeks) subscapular skinfold thickness, (per 5mm, 1.12; 1.05-1.21), and neck circumference (per cm, 1.11; 1.05-1.18). GDM was not associated with gestational weight gain, or changes in skinfolds thicknesses or circumferences between visits. CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort of women with obesity, we confirmed clinical risk factors for GDM, (age, systolic blood pressure) previously identified in heterogeneous weight women but add to these indices of adiposity which may provide a discriminatory approach to GDM risk assessment in this group. This study also underscores the need to focus on modifiable factors pre-pregnancy as an opportunity for GDM prevention, as targeting gestational weight gain and adiposity during pregnancy is likely to be less effective.
MAGIC (maternal glucose in pregnancy) understanding the glycemic profile of pregnancy, intensive CGM glucose profiling and its relationship to fetal growth: an observational study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) provides the most objective method of assessing glucose in daily life. Although there have been small, short-term physiologic studies of glucose metabolism in 'healthy' pregnant women a comprehensive, longitudinal description of changes in glucose over the course of pregnancy and how glucose dysregulation earlier in pregnancy relates to traditional third trimester screening for gestational diabetes, fetal growth and pregnancy outcomes is lacking. This study aims to characterise longitudinal changes in glycemia across gestation using CGM, in order to understand the evolution of dysglycemia and its relationship to fetal growth. METHOD/DESIGN: A multi-centre, prospective, observational, cohort study of 500 healthy pregnant women, recruited in the first trimester of pregnancy. Masked CGM will be performed for a 14-day period on five occasions across pregnancy at ~ 10-12, 18-20, 26-28, 34-36 weeks gestation and postnatally. Routinely collected anthropometric and sociodemographic information will be recorded at each visit including: weight, height, blood pressure, current medication. Age, parity, ethnicity, smoking will be recorded. Blood samples will be taken at each visit for HbA1c and a sample stored. Details on fetal growth from ultrasound scans and the OGTT results will be recorded. Maternal and neonatal outcomes will be collected. CGM glucose profiling is the exposure of interest, and will be performed using standard summary statistics, functional data analysis and glucotyping. The primary maternal outcome is clinical diagnosis of GDM. The primary neonatal outcome is large for gestational age (LGA) (> 90th centile defined by customised birthweight centile). The relationship of glucose to key secondary maternal and neonatal outcomes will be explored. DISCUSSION: This study will ascertain the relationship of maternal dysglycemia to fetal growth and outcomes. It will explore whether CGM glucose profiling can detect GDM before the OGTT; or indeed whether CGM glucose profiling may be more useful than the OGTT at detecting LGA and other perinatal outcomes. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ISRCTN 15,706,303 https://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN15706303 Registration date: 13th March 2023.
Maternal Factors and Placental Pathologies Associated with a Diagnosis of Chronic Villitis.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate maternal risk factors associated with chronic villitis of unknown etiology (VUE) and to describe cooccurring placental pathologies. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective case-control study was conducted using placental pathology records from deliveries ≥ 20 weeks between 2010 and 2018. Cases were placentas with documented chronic villitis without infectious cause, hereafter called VUE. Controls were placentas without this diagnosis, matched to the cases 2:1. Maternal and neonatal demographic and clinical data were collected. Descriptive statistics are reported with Fisher's exact test or a chi-squared test, as appropriate, and multivariable conditional logistic regression was conducted. RESULTS: Our study included 352 cases with VUE and 657 controls. A diagnosis of gestational diabetes (p = 0.03) and gestational hypertension (p = 0.06) was 1.5 times more likely to occur in those with a VUE diagnosis. A trend was also seen for chronic hypertension (odds ratio [OR] = 1.7, p = 0.07) and preeclampsia (OR = 1.5, p = 0.09) compared with controls. Placentas with VUE, specifically high-grade VUE, were more likely to be small for gestational age (p = 0.01), and to be diagnosed with other placental findings including lymphoplasmacytic or chronic deciduitis (p < 0.01), maternal (p < 0.01) and fetal vascular malperfusion (p = 0.02), and chorionitis (acute or chronic; p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes and hypertension were associated with a diagnosis of VUE, and overall, VUE placentas have more abnormal placental findings compared with control. Understanding VUE risk factors may facilitate prenatal care strategies and counseling to achieve the best outcomes for pregnant patients and their neonates. KEY POINTS: · VUE is a common inflammatory lesion of the placenta.. · Gestational diabetes and hypertension are associated with a VUE diagnosis.. · Findings of other placental pathologies increase in VUE..
Fetal malnutrition and long-term outcomes.; Epidemiological studies have shown that lower birthweight is associated with a wide range of adverse outcomes in later life, including poorer 'human capital' (shorter stature, lower cognitive performance), increased risk factors for later disease (higher blood pressure and reduced glucose tolerance, and lung, kidney and immune function), clinical disease (diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic lung and kidney disease), and increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Higher birthweight is associated with an increased risk of cancer and (if caused by gestational diabetes) obesity and diabetes. The 'developmental origins of health and disease' hypothesis proposes that fetal nutrition has permanent effects on growth, structure and metabolism ('programming'). This is supported by studies in animals showing that maternal under- and overnutrition during pregnancy can produce similar abnormalities in the adult offspring. Common chronic diseases could potentially be prevented by achieving optimal fetal nutrition, and this could have additional benefits for survival and human capital. Recent follow-up of children born after randomized nutritional interventions in pregnancy provides weak evidence of beneficial effects on growth, vascular function, lipid concentrations, glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Animal studies indicate that epigenetic phenomena may be an important mechanism underlying programming, and that nutritional interventions may need to start preconceptionally.
Heart failure in women.; The incidence of congestive heart failure in the US population is increasing as more women and men survive with chronic hypertensive and atherosclerotic heart disease. Almost half the patients in the US with heart failure are women. Hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and cigarette smoking are all more potent risk factors for the development of heart failure in women than in men. Important differences in presentation and mortality explain gender differences in the clinical course of heart failure. Overall mortality is lower for women than for men with symptomatic heart failure. Some but not all of this difference can be explained by a lower rate of ischemic heart disease. Standard treatments for congestive heart failure, including angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors and beta-blockers, have been shown to be equally efficacious in men and in women. Preliminary data on angiotensin II receptor blockers suggests equivalent benefit with further trial data awaited. Peripartum cardiomyopathy is a form of heart failure unique to women, occurring in the last stages of pregnancy or within 5 months after delivery. Approximately half of affected women regain normal ventricular function but for those who do not, the risk of recurrent symptomatic heart failure and mortality during subsequent pregnancies is high.
Proliferative diabetic retinopathy and patient age: presentation, prognosis, and management.; The elderly diabetic with PDR may present with problems in differential diagnosis. The less marked tendency toward symmetry among the elderly may argue against prophylactic panretinal photocoagulation in a fellow eye, especially if the eye with PDR does not have high-risk characteristics. Anticoagulation can complicate management. Aspirin and other medications that interfere with clotting should be discontinued if possible.
Gestational diabetes from A to Z.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of hyperglycaemia that is recognized for the first time during pregnancy. This definition includes cases of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) identified early in pregnancy and true GDM which develops later. GDM constitutes a greater impact on diabetes epidemic as it carries a major risk of developing T2DM to the mother and foetus later in life. In addition, GDM has also been linked with cardiometabolic risk factors such as lipid abnormalities, hypertensive disorders and hyperinsulinemia. These might result in later development of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. The understanding of the different risk factors, the pathophysiological mechanisms and the genetic factors of GDM, will help us to identify the women at risk, to develop effective preventive measures and to provide adequate management of the disease. Clinical trials have shown that T2DM can be prevented in women with prior GDM, by intensive lifestyle modification and by using pioglitazone and metformin. However, a matter of controversy surrounding both screening and management of GDM continues to emerge, despite several recent well-designed clinical trials tackling these issues. The aim of this manuscript is to critically review GDM in a detailed and comprehensive manner, in order to provide a scientific analysis and updated write-up of different related aspects.
[Does gender exert influence on stroke?].; Stroke morbidity increases with age. That is the reason why it affects especially the middle aged and elderly. Life expectancy is longer for females than males by 10 years, that is why stroke is a major problem in women. Women die twice more frequently from stroke than men (16% vs. 8%). Stroke risk factors are basically the same in spite of gender. The most important are hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidaemia, atrial fibrillation, coronary heart disease, previous stroke, smoking, alcohol abuse, obesity and lack of physical activity. Their impact, however, is different in males and females. Women with diabetes, atrial fibrillation, myocardial infarction, obese, drinking excessive amounts of alcohol and smoking are more likely to suffer of stroke than males with the same burden. A less favourable outcome after stroke has been observed in female patients--higher mortality rates and disability. It is possible that poor prognosis is related to a drop in blood estrogen concentration after menopause. Estrogen replacement therapy has not proved to be beneficial in preventing stroke and improving outcome. There are several specific conditions: pregnancy, migraine in women associated with the occurrence of stroke.
Premature Cardiac Disease and Death in Women Whose Infant Was Preterm and Small for Gestational Age: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; IMPORTANCE: Women with an infant with preterm birth (PTB) or who was severely small for gestational age (SGA) are at higher future risk of premature cardiovascular disease and related death. OBJECTIVE: To determine the risk of cardiac disease or death among women with an infant with both PTB and SGA. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study used electronic health records from the province of Ontario, Canada, where health care is universally available, between April 1, 2002, and March 31, 2016. All singleton live births between 23 to 42 weeks' gestation among 710 501 nulliparous women aged 16 to 50 years without prepregnancy cardiac disease were analyzed. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Risk of a composite outcome of heart failure, atrial or ventricular dysrhythmia, or all-cause mortality, starting 30 days after the index birth. Hazard ratios were adjusted for maternal age, income quintile, and preeclampsia/eclampsia (each at the index birth), as well as diabetes, chronic hypertension, obesity, dyslipidemia, drug dependence or smoking, and kidney disease (each within 24 months before the index birth date and time-varying from the birth date onward). RESULTS: Of 710 501 singleton live births, 15 082 mothers (2.1%) were older than age 40 years. Relative to having an infant without PTB or severe SGA (4.1 per 10 000 person-years), the incidence rate of the composite outcome of heart failure, dysrhythmia, or death was 11.3 per 10 000 person-years among mothers with an infant with PTB-SGA (crude hazard ratio, 2.79; 95% CI, 1.85-4.21) (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.66; 95% CI, 1.09-2.52). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Women who had an infant with PTB-SGA may be at higher future risk of premature cardiac disease or death.
The fetal superior cerebellar vermian width in normal, growth-restricted and macrosomic fetuses.; OBJECTIVES: To obtain dimensions of the fetal superior cerebellar vermian width as a basis for further studies and for comparisons with deviation in growth. STUDY DESIGN: The study group included 266 normal pregnant women from 20 to 37 weeks of gestation. Several biometric measurements were obtained throughout pregnancy, including the fetal superior cerebellar vermian width. Forty-three growth-restricted and 30 macrosomic fetuses were included in this study. RESULTS: A linear growth function was observed between the superior cerebellar vermian width and gestational age (GA) (R = 0.859; p < 0.00001; y = -4.033 + 0.416 x GA), transverse cerebellar diameter (TCD) (R = 0.870; p < 0.00001; y = 0.404 + 0.223 x TCD), biparietal diameter (BPD) (R = 0.823; p < 0.00001; y = -3.086 + 0.155 x BPD), head circumference (HC) (R = 0.82; p < 0.00001; y = -3.21 + 0.434 x HC), femoral length (FL) (R = 0.843; p < 0.00001; y = -1.75 + 0.184 x FL) and humeral length (HL) (R = 0.824; p < 0.00001; y = -2.691 + 0.223 x HL). The ratio between the superior cerebellar vermian width and the transverse cerebellar diameter remained constant throughout gestation. In all 43 growth-restricted and the 30 macrosomic fetuses, the dimensions of the fetal superior cerebellar vermian width remained within the normal range for the indexed gestational age. CONCLUSION: These results provide normative data for the fetal superior cerebellar vermian width in various dimensions and across gestational ages. In addition, growth of the superior cerebellar vermis remained normal in growth-restricted as well as macrosomic fetuses. Therefore, cerebellar vermian growth may be used adjunctively as a standard against which deviant fetal growth may be compared when precise gestational age determination is necessary.
Obesity and the risk of stillbirth: a population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity is a known risk factor for stillbirth. However, this relationship has not been characterized fully. We attempted to further examine this relationship with a focus on delivery near and at term. STUDY DESIGN: We designed a retrospective cohort study of singleton nonanomalous live births and stillbirths in the states of Washington and Texas to examine the associations of maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and risk of stillbirth. Confounder-adjusted hazard ratio of stillbirth in relation to BMI was estimated through Cox proportional hazards regression model. The hazard ratio was used to estimate the population-attributable risk. We also estimated the fetuses who were at risk for stillbirth based on gestational age. RESULTS: Among 2,868,482 singleton births, the overall stillbirth risk was 3.1 per 1000 births (n = 9030). Compared with normal-weight women, the hazard ratio for stillbirth was 1.36 for overweight women, 1.71 for class I obese women, 2.00 for class II obese women, 2.48 for class III obese women, and 3.16 for women with a BMI of ≥50 kg/m(2). The fetuses who are at risk for stillbirth increased after 39 weeks' gestation for each obesity class; however, the risk increased more rapidly with increasing BMI. Women with a BMI of ≥50 kg/m(2) were at 5.7 times greater risk than normal weight women at 39 weeks' gestation and 13.6 times greater at 41 weeks' gestation. Obesity was associated with nearly 25% of stillbirth that occurred between 37 and 42 weeks' gestation. CONCLUSION: There is a pronounced increase in the risk of stillbirth with increasing BMI; the association is strongest at early- and late-term gestation periods. Extreme maternal obesity is a significant risk factor for stillbirth.
A role for misaligned gene expression of fetal gene program in the loss of female-specific cardiovascular protection in young obese and diabetic females.; Healthy, premenopausal women have the advantage of female-specific cardiovascular protection compared to age-matched healthy men. However, pathologies such as obesity and Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) cause losing of this female-specific cardiovascular protection in young, obese and diabetic females. Molecular mechanisms underlying this loss of female-specific cardiovascular protection in young, obese and diabetic females are not clearly elucidated. This review takes a close look at the latest advances in our understanding of sex differences in adult cardiac gene expression patterns in health and disease. Based on the emerging data, this review proposes that female biased gene expression patterns in healthy adult hearts of human and pre-clinical models support the existence of active fetal gene program in healthy, premenopausal female heart compared to age-matched healthy male heart. However, the misalignment of gene expression pattern in this female-specific active cardiac fetal gene program caused by pathologies such as obesity and T2DM may contribute to the loss of female-specific cardiovascular protection in young, obese and diabetic females.
Severe medical illness complicating cesarean section.; The care of the perioperative cesarean birth patient who has serious medical illnesses has changed in the past decade. The increasing sophistication of monitoring has allowed the obstetrician and anesthesiologist better to modify certain physiologic parameters that are important in the care of the patient whose physiology has been altered by surgery or disease. As an increasing segment of the obstetric population becomes older, and with better survival of medical diseases, the profession as a whole will be challenged by these patients. It will become more important that a certain subset of physicians develop the skills necessary to undertake the care of these patients and that the special needs of these patients be recognized.
[Maternal obesity as a risk factor for complications in pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes].; Obesity is a worldwide growing epidemic. The negative influence of obesity is huge and considered to be one of the major contributors to health problems in the western world. There is a significant association between obesity and diabetes mellitus, ischemic heart disease, some cancers and syndromes of sleep apnea. Furthermore, obesity was described to have a negative influence on fertility, pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes. It was also discovered that obesity was significantly associated with gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and complications in cesarean delivery and anesthesia. This review aims to present updates on the relationship between obesity and pregnancy and labor outcomes, emphasizing the significance of obesity as a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Geographical variations in maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy associated with birth weight in Shaanxi province, Northwestern China.; The geographical variation of maternal dietary patterns related to birth outcomes is important for improving the health of mothers and children; however, it is currently unknown. Thus, the objective of the study was to investigate geographical variations of maternal dietary pattern during pregnancy, and evaluate the spatial varying association of maternal dietary patterns in pregnancy with abnormal birth weight. A population-based cross-sectional study was conducted in Shaanxi province in Northwest China in 2013 to evaluate the relationship between abnormal birth weight and dietary pattern using the Geographically Weighted Logistic Regression (GWLR). Three dietary patterns during pregnancy were extracted through factor analysis, explaining approximately 45.8% of the variability of food intake. Approximately 81.6% of mothers with higher scores on the equilibrium pattern was more unlikely to have small for gestational age (SGA) infants, with the lower OR observed in Central and South Shaanxi. The snacks pattern was positively associated with low birth weight (LBW) for 23.2% of participants, with the highest OR in Central Shaanxi. Among about 80.0% of participants with higher scores on the snacks pattern living in South and Central Shaanxi, there was a higher risk for SGA. The OR values tend to descend from South to North Shaanxi. The OR values of the negative association between prudent pattern and LBW decreased from South to North Shaanxi among approximately 59.3% of participants. The prudent pattern was also negatively associated with the increasing risk of fetal macrosomia among 19.2% of participants living mainly in South Shaanxi. The association of maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy with abnormal birth weight varied geographically across Shaanxi province. The findings emphasize the importance of geographical distribution to improve the dietary patterns among disadvantaged pregnant women.
A maternal diet rich in fish oil may improve cardiac Akt-related signaling in the offspring of diabetic mother rats.; OBJECTIVE: Newborns of diabetic mothers have abnormal circulatory organs, so in this study, we explore insulin signaling in the newborn rat heart. METHODS: Pregnant rats were divided into streptozotocin-induced diabetic groups (DM) and control groups (CM). Rats were fed lard (21% fat), fish oil (21% fat), or a control diet (7% fat). To examine changes in insulin signaling in the hearts of infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) in relation to diet, we isolated the hearts from the IDM and control infants and determined the phosphorylation levels of Akt308, Akt473, p38, c-jun-NH2-terminal protein kinase (JNK), and extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase (ERK), and the expression levels of phosphoinositide-dependent protein kainase1 (PDK1) and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR). RESULTS: The mean blood glucose levels in the DM group and their infants were significantly higher than those in the CM group (P < 0.05) and their infants (P < 0.05), but the mean blood glucose levels of all infants was normal on postnatal d 4. Phosphorylation levels of Akt (Thr 308) (P < 0.05) and Akt (Ser 473) and the expression levels of PDK1 and mTOR were lower in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) than in control infants. The phosphorylation level of Akt (Ser 473) and the expression level of mTOR increased in IDM fed the fish oil diet compared with those fed the lard diet (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: A maternal diet rich in fish oil improves cardiac Akt-related signaling in the offspring of diabetic rats.
[Prenatal diagnosis of hepatic hemangioendothelioma and peripartual management].; Infantile hepatic hemangioendothelioma is a benign hepatic tumor that can be associated with life-threatening perinatal complications. A 38-year-old gravida 3 para 2 was referred to our hospital with preterm labor at 33.6 gestational weeks. Fetal abdominal circumference was estimated sonographically above the 97 th percentile. Because of pathologic CTG, the fetus was delivered by caesarean section (APGAR-scores 0/0/7, pH: 7.15). After cardiopulmonary reanimation and intensive care of the fetus, the prenatally suspected hemangioma of the liver was confirmed by computer tomography. The day after, liver segments V, VI, and VII were resected because of lung compression. During the operation, reanimation was necessary two more times. Two days later, ductus arteriosus Botalli was occluded. After stabilization, the neonate was treated with prednisone because of tumor residues. If a large hyperechogenic mass in the fetal liver is seen prenatally, diagnosis of fetal hemangioma should be considered. In order to prevent serious cardiovascular complications, continual clinical surveillance is indicated.
Birth weight and cardiac function assessed by echocardiography in adolescence: Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal hemodynamics in pregnancy is associated with fetal growth and birth weight, which in turn are associated with offspring cardiovascular disease later in life. The aim of this study was to quantify the extent to which birth weight is associated with cardiac structure and function in adolescence. METHODS: A subset of offspring (n = 1964; 55% female) of the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children were examined with echocardiography at a mean age of 17.7 (SD, 0.3) years. The associations of birth-weight Z-score for sex and gestational age with cardiac structure (assessed by relative wall thickness, left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and left atrial diameter index), systolic function (assessed by ejection fraction and left ventricular wall velocity) and diastolic function (assessed by early/late mitral inflow velocity (E/A) and early mitral inflow velocity/mitral annular early diastolic velocity (E/e')) were evaluated. Linear regression models were adjusted for several potential confounders, including maternal prepregnancy body mass index, age, level of education and smoking during pregnancy. RESULTS: Higher birth-weight Z-score was associated with lower E/A (mean difference, -0.024; 95% CI, -0.043 to -0.005) and E/e' (mean difference, -0.05; 95% CI, -0.10 to -0.001) and higher LVMI (mean difference, 0.38 g/m(2.7) ; 95% CI, 0.09 to 0.67). There was no or inconsistent evidence of associations of birth-weight Z-score with relative wall thickness, left atrial diameter and measurements of systolic function. Further analyses suggested that the association between birth-weight Z-score and LVMI was driven mainly by an association observed in participants born small-for-gestational age and it did not persist when risk factors in adolescence were accounted for. CONCLUSIONS: Higher birth weight adjusted for sex and gestational age was associated with differences in measures of diastolic function in adolescence, but the observed associations were small. It remains to be determined the extent to which these associations translate into increased susceptibility to cardiovascular disease later in life. © 2018 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of the International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Factors associated with low birthweight in term pregnancies: a matched case-control study from rural Pakistan.; Low birthweight (LBW) remains a significant public health problem in Pakistan and further understanding of factors associated with LBW is required. We conducted a hospital-based matched case control study to identify risk factors associated with LBW in a rural district of Pakistan. We found that illiteracy (AOR: 2.68; 95% CI: 1.59 - 4.38), nulliparity (AOR: 1.82; 95% CI: 1.26-2.44), having a previous miscarriage/abortion (AOR: 1.22; 95% CI: 1.06-2.35), having < 2 antenatal care (ANC) visits during last pregnancy (AOR: 2.43; 95% CI: 1.34-2.88), seeking ANC in third trimester (AOR: 3.62; 95% CI : 2.14-5.03), non-use of iron folic acid during last pregnancy (AOR: 2.72; 95% CI: 1.75-3.17), having hypertension during last pregnancy (AOR: 1.42; 95% CI: 1.13-2.20), being anemic (AOR: 2.67; 95% CI: 1.65-5.24) and having postpartum weight of <45 kg (AOR: 3.30; 95% CI : 1.97-4.52) were significantly associated with an increased odds of having a LBW baby. Our study identifies modifiable risk factors requiring immediate commitment from the health authorities.
Long-term effects of pregnancy on diabetic complications.; The aim of our study was to establish whether pregnancy affects long-term development and progression of retinopathy and nephropathy in diabetic women compared to nulliparous diabetic women. Twenty-eight diabetic women who had delivered in 1983-85 at Helsinki University Central Hospital and 17 nulliparous controls matched according in age, duration of diabetes, and degree of vascular complications were personally interviewed and the current retinal status and renal function were assessed 7 years later, in 1990-92. Serum creatinine, creatinine clearance, nocturnal albuminuria, and HbA1c were measured and colour fundus photography carried out. The results were compared to the status in 1983-85. Of those who had been pregnant, 5 of 26 (19.2%) had experienced worsening of retinopathy. In 3 of these, proliferative retinopathy had developed from only minimal background changes. In the control group, progression had occurred in 8 cases of 16 (50%, p < 0.05). The groups did not differ from each other regarding progression or development of nephropathy. This suggests that pregnancy does not seem to affect development or progression of diabetic nephropathy whereas progression of retinopathy seems to occur less often after pregnancy compared to nulliparous women.
Exposure of neural crest cells to elevated glucose leads to congenital heart defects, an effect that can be prevented by N-acetylcysteine.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy increases the risk for congenital heart disease in the offspring. The majority of the cardiovascular malformations occur in the outflow tract and pharyngeal arch arteries, where neural crest cells are essential for normal development. We studied the effects of specific exposure of neural crest cells to elevated glucose on heart development. Antioxidants reduce the damaging effect of glucose on neural crest cells in vitro; therefore, we investigated the effect of supplementing N-acetylcysteine in vivo. METHODS: Cardiac neural crest of HH 8-12 chicken embryos was directly exposed by a single injection in the neural tube with 30 mM D-glucose (or 30 mM L-glucose as a control). To examine the effect of a reduction in oxidative stress, we added 2 mM N-acetylcysteine to the injected D-glucose. RESULTS: Exposure of neural crest cells to elevated D-glucose-induced congenital heart malformations in 82% of the embryos. In the embryos injected with L-glucose, only 9% developed a heart malformation. As expected, all malformations were located in the outflow tract and pharyngeal arch arteries. The frequency of heart malformations decreased from 82% to 27% when 2 mM N-acetylcysteine was added to the injected D-glucose. CONCLUSIONS: These data are the first to confirm that the vulnerability of neural crest cells to elevated glucose induces congenital heart malformations. The fact that N-acetylcysteine limits the teratogenicity of glucose implies that its damaging effect is mediated by an increase of oxidative stress in the neural crest cells.
Optimally Controlled Diabetes and Its Influence on Neonatal Outcomes at a Level II Center: A Study on Infants Born to Diabetic Mothers.; Background and Objectives: We investigated the effect of optimal maternal glycemic control on neonatal outcomes among infants born to mothers with diabetes. Materials and Methods: In this prospective study, we assessed 88 eligible mothers admitted to the obstetrics department for pregnancy evaluation. Our analysis included 46 infants born to diabetic mothers (IDMs) and 138 infants born to unaffected mothers, all admitted to the Level II Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU). Results: Mothers affected by diabetes were generally older and exhibited a higher body mass index (BMI) and a greater number of gestations, although parity did not differ significantly. Cesarean section emerged as the most frequently chosen mode of delivery. A significantly higher proportion of infants in the affected group presented with respiratory disease (3% vs. 19.5%), which required NICU admission (4.3% vs. 23.9%), phototherapy (18.1% vs. 43.5%), and had congenital heart defects or myocardial hypertrophy (15.2% and 26% vs. 3% and 4.3%) compared to matched controls (p < 0.05). Conclusions: This study underscores the persistence of adverse neonatal outcomes in IDMs, even when maternal glycemic control is optimized. It calls for further investigation into potential interventions and strategies aimed at enhancing neonatal outcomes in this population.
Safety of influenza vaccination during pregnancy: a review of subsequent maternal obstetric events and findings from two recent cohort studies.; Pregnant women and their infants are vulnerable to severe disease and secondary complications from influenza infection. For this reason, annual influenza vaccination is recommended for all pregnant women in the United States. Women frequently cite concerns about vaccine safety as a barrier to vaccination. This review describes the safety of inactivated influenza vaccination during pregnancy with a focus on maternal obstetric events, including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and chorioamnionitis. Included in the review are new findings from two studies which examined the safety of seasonal inactivated influenza vaccination during pregnancy. The first study enrolled 641 pregnant women during the 2010-2011 season and prospectively followed them until delivery or pregnancy termination. The second study enrolled 1616 pregnant women during the 2010-2011 influenza season, and followed the women and their infants for six months after delivery. No associations between inactivated influenza vaccination and gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, or chorioamnionitis were observed in either cohort. When considered as a whole, these studies should further reassure women and clinicians that influenza vaccination during pregnancy is safe for mothers.
A Review of Prenatal Care Delivery to Inform the Michigan Plan for Appropriate Tailored Healthcare in Pregnancy Panel.; OBJECTIVE: To perform a literature review of key aspects of prenatal care delivery to inform new guidelines. DATA SOURCES: A comprehensive review of Ovid MEDLINE, Elsevier's Scopus, Google Scholar, and ClinicalTrials.gov. METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION: We included studies addressing components of prenatal care delivery (visit frequency, routine pregnancy assessments, and telemedicine) that assessed maternal and neonatal health outcomes, patient experience, or care utilization in pregnant individuals with and without medical conditions. Quality was assessed using the RAND/UCLA Appropriateness Methodology approach. Articles were independently reviewed by at least two members of the study team for inclusion and data abstraction. TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS: Of the 4,105 published abstracts identified, 53 studies met inclusion criteria, totaling 140,150 participants. There were no differences in maternal and neonatal outcomes among patients without medical conditions with reduced visit frequency schedules. For patients at risk of preterm birth, increased visit frequency with enhanced prenatal services was inconsistently associated with improved outcomes. Home monitoring of blood pressure and weight was feasible, but home monitoring of fetal heart tones and fundal height were not assessed. More frequent weight measurement did not lower rates of excessive weight gain. Home monitoring of blood pressure for individuals with medical conditions was feasible, accurate, and associated with lower clinic utilization. There were no differences in health outcomes for patients without medical conditions who received telemedicine visits for routine prenatal care, and patients had decreased care utilization. Telemedicine was a successful strategy for consultations among individuals with medical conditions; resulted in improved outcomes for patients with depression, diabetes, and hypertension; and had inconsistent results for patients with obesity and those at risk of preterm birth. CONCLUSION: Existing evidence for many components of prenatal care delivery, including visit frequency, routine pregnancy assessments, and telemedicine, is limited.
Biopsychosocial factors influencing the occurrence and recurrence of preterm singleton births among Australian women: A prospective cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: In Australia, 8.6% of all births are premature, and this figure has relativelyincreased by 10% in the past decade. A range of biological, psychological, and socialfactors have previously been identified as predictors of preterm birth using cross sectionaldata; however, this lacks ascertainment of a cause-and-effect relationship.This study harnessed the power of longitudinal cohort data by investigating pretermbirth among women prospectively followed for 19 years using a comprehensiveframework that examines biological, psychological, and social factors concurrently. METHODS: Data from 5,292 women (11,256 newborns) who reported singleton birthsbetween 1996 and 2015 in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health wereincluded. RESULTS: The prevalence of preterm birth was 8.5% for first-births and 5.9% for allbirths.The recurrent preterm birth rate was 9.5% . Risk factors for first preterm birthswere chronic hypertension (OR 2.34; 95% CI: 1.67-3.27), gestational hypertension (OR2.87; 95% CI: 2.22-3.72), gestational diabetes (OR 1.66; 95% CI: 1.14-2.41),menarche before 12 years (OR 1.36; 95% CI: 1.02-1.82) and history of miscarriage(OR 1.35; 95% CI: 1.01-1.79). Risk factors for all preterm births were a history ofpreterm birth (OR 2.33; 95% CI: 1.46-3.70), menarche before 12 years (OR 1.33; 95%CI: 1.00-1.77), not being partnered (OR 1.31; 95% CI: 1.02-1.69), chronic hypertension(OR 2.02; 95% CI: 1.45-2.82), gestational hypertension (OR 3.22; 95% CI: 2.43-4.25),gestational diabetes (OR 1.67; 95% CI: 1.16-2.41), and asthma (OR 1.40; 95% CI:1.14-1.72). Premature birth was less likely for second or later births (OR 0.44; 95% CI:0.36-0.55) compared to first births. Premature birth was also less likely for women whocompleted a university degree compared to women with a high school certificate (OR0.73; 95% CI: 0.57-0.94). CONCLUSION: Further development of multi-sectoral policies for chronic diseaseprevention and reducing social inequalities is required to prevent preterm birth inAustralia.
[Amniotic fluid embolism: an update].; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) results from the passage of fœtal and amniotic fragments into the maternal circulation, occurring mostly within minutes before or after delivery. Although maternal and fœtal mortality of AFE remains high (about 40%), AFE should no longer be considered as having an ineluctable fatal course. Diagnosis is often made upon clinical presentation but histological confirmation is difficult owing favorable outcome and because an autopsy has not been performed. Identification of squamous cells in the maternal circulation could not confirm the diagnosis because of their possible maternal origin. High plasma level of insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) has recently been identified as a biomarker of amniotic fluid passage into the maternal circulation and might therefore be used to confirm the diagnosis when lung tissue histology is not available. Treatment of AFE remains supportive with a special focus on correction of the coagulopathy and search for acute core pulmonale. In this later case, physicians should consider initiating an extracorporeal life support when facing a patient with refractory shock. Finally, caution is needed with the use of recombinant factor VIIa in this context.
Placental location site and adverse antepartum pregnancy complications: a meta-analysis and review of the literature.; PURPOSE: The purpose to the study was to determine the relationship, if any, between the placental location site and antepartum complications of pregnancy. METHODS: A University research librarian conducted a comprehensive literature search using the search engines PubMed and Web of Science. The search terms were "placental location" AND "pregnancy complications" OR "perinatal complications. There were no limits put on the years of the search. RESULTS: The search identified 110 articles. After reviewing all the abstracts, relevant full articles, and references of full articles, there were 22 articles identified specific to antepartum complications. Central + fundal locations compared to all lateral were associated with a lower risk of hypertension during pregnancy RR = 0.47, 95% CI: 0.31-0.71]. Central location compared to all lateral was also associated with lower risk of hypertension during pregnancy [RR = 0.39, 95% CI: 0.26-0.59]. Placenta locations in the lower uterine segment were associated with greater risk of antepartum hemorrhage (APH) [RR = 2.99, 95% CI: 1.16-7.75] compared to above the lower uterine segment. No differences were observed in placental locations and gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm prelabor rupture of membranes (PPROM), preterm delivery (PTD) or on a placental abruption. CONCLUSION: Central and fundal location sites and central location alone decreased the risk of hypertension during pregnancy. Low uterine segment location sites increased the risk for APH. There were no effects of placenta location sites on the development of GDM, PPROM, PTD or abruption.
Uterine rupture in a multiparous woman during labor induction with oral misoprostol.; A multigravida with gestational diabetes, mild pregnancy-induced hypertension and a previous curettage received four doses of misoprostol (100 microg) at three hourly intervals for induction of labor at term. Vaginal delivery of a live healthy baby occurred 1 h after the fourth dose. Hindwaters were bloodstained. Three hours later, she had excessive bleeding. Examination showed that the left lateral uterine wall had ruptured. She recovered after hysterectomy and blood transfusions.
Strain and dyssynchrony in fetuses with congenital heart disease compared to normal controls using speckle tracking echocardiography (STE).; Objective To compare myocardial strain and mechanical dyssynchrony in fetuses with congenital heart disease (CHD) to normal controls using speckle tracking echocardiography (STE). Methods In this comparative cross-sectional study 23 fetuses with CHD and 105 normal controls between 19 and 41 weeks of gestation were assessed with STE. The STE sample box was placed over the myocardium of both ventricles. The parameters of interest included the segmental strain of the left (LV-S) and right lateral ventricle wall (RV-S) and the global ventricular strain of both chambers (2C-S). In order to separately assess the LV, we placed the STE sample box over the myocardium of the LV. We calculated the strain of the LV lateral wall (LW-S), the septum (SEPT-S) and the global ventricular strain of the single LV (1C-S). Furthermore, we analyzed the differences in timing of negative peak myocardial strain between the LV and RV (two-chamber dyssynchrony, 2C-DYS) and also within the LV between the lateral wall and the septum (one-chamber dyssynchrony, 1C-DYS). Results The evaluation of strain and mechanical dyssynchrony was feasible in all cases. Compared to normal controls, fetuses with CHD showed lower segmental and global strain values and the extent of 2C-DYS and 1C-DYS was higher than in the healthy control group. Conclusion The deterioration of myocardial function in CHD can be measured with STE. The assessment of strain and dyssynchrony with STE may be useful for distinguishing fetuses with CHD from healthy fetuses.
Caudal dysgenesis in Islet-1 transgenic mice.; Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is responsible for the occurrence of diabetic embryopathy, a spectrum of birth defects that includes heart abnormalities, neural tube defects, and caudal dysgenesis syndromes. Here, we report that mice transgenic for the homeodomain transcription factor Isl-1 develop profound caudal growth defects that resemble human sacral/caudal agenesis. Isl-1 is normally expressed in the pancreas and is required for pancreas development and endocrine cell differentiation. Aberrant regulation of this pancreatic transcription factor causes increased mesodermal cell death, and the severity of defects is dependent on transgene dosage. Together with the finding that mutation of the pancreatic transcription factor HLXB9 causes sacral agenesis, our results implicate pancreatic transcription factors in the pathogenesis of birth defects associated with diabetes.
Association Analysis in Young and Middle-Aged Mothers-Relation between Expression of Cardiovascular Disease Associated MicroRNAs and Abnormal Clinical Findings.; The principal goal of the study was to map common postpartal alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases induced by most frequently occurring pregnancy-related complications (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth). In addition, the association analyses between individual abnormal clinical findings (overweight/obesity, central obesity, hypertension, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, actual hormonal contraceptive use, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, actual smoking status, increased serum levels of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol, LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoprotein A, CRP (C-reactive protein), and uric acid, and increased plasma levels of homocysteine) and microRNA expression levels were performed in mothers with respect/regardless to previous course of gestation. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth caused that a significant proportion of mothers (52.42% at 90.0% specificity) had substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might originate lifelong cardiovascular risk. 26 out of 29 tested microRNAs were up-regulated in mothers with a history of such complicated pregnancies. MicroRNA expression profiles were also able to differentiate between mothers with normal and abnormal clinical findings (BMI (body mass index), waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, and the presence of trombophilic gene mutations) irrespective of previous course of gestation. The treatment of hypertension even intensified upregulation of some microRNAs (miR-24-3p, and miR-342-3p) already present in women after complicated pregnancies. Newly, the presence of overweight/obesity (miR-155-5p), systolic hypertension (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p), treatment for infertility (miR-155-5p), and treatment for hypertension (miR-210-3p) induced upregulation of several microRNAs. In general, mothers after complicated pregnancies are at increased risk of development of cardiovascular complications. Especially those mothers indicated to have postpartally altered microRNA expression profiles might be considered as a highly risky group that would benefit from dispensarization and implementation of primary prevention strategies.
Pre-existing diabetes, maternal glycated haemoglobin, and the risks of fetal and infant death: a population-based study.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Pre-existing diabetes is associated with an increased risk of stillbirth, but few studies have excluded the effect of congenital anomalies. This study used data from a long-standing population-based survey of women with pre-existing diabetes to investigate the risks of fetal and infant death and quantify the contribution of glycaemic control. METHODS: All normally formed singleton offspring of women with pre-existing diabetes (1,206 with type 1 diabetes and 342 with type 2 diabetes) in the North of England during 1996-2008 were identified from the Northern Diabetes in Pregnancy Survey. RRs of fetal death (≥20 weeks of gestation) and infant death were estimated by comparison with population data from the Northern Perinatal Morbidity and Mortality Survey. Predictors of fetal and infant death in women with pre-existing diabetes were examined by logistic regression. RESULTS: The prevalence of fetal death in women with diabetes was over four times greater than in those without (RR 4.56 [95% CI 3.42, 6.07], p < 0.0001), and for infant death it was nearly doubled (RR 1.86 [95% CI 1.00, 3.46], p = 0.046). There was no difference in the prevalence of fetal death (p = 0.51) or infant death (p = 0.70) between women with type 1 diabetes and women with type 2 diabetes. There was no evidence that the RR of fetal and infant death had changed over time (p = 0.95). Increasing periconception HbA1c concentration above 49 mmol/mol (6.6%) (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.02 [95% CI 1.00, 1.04], p = 0.01), prepregnancy retinopathy (aOR 2.05 [95% CI 1.04, 4.05], p = 0.04) and lack of prepregnancy folic acid consumption (aOR 2.52 [95% CI 1.12, 5.65], p = 0.03) were all independently associated with increased odds of fetal and infant death. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Pre-existing diabetes is associated with a substantially increased risk of fetal and infant death in normally formed offspring, the effect of which is largely moderated by glycaemic control.
The prevalence and nature of the use of preconception services by women with chronic health conditions: an integrative review.; BACKGROUND: There is growing evidence that preconception care may have an important role in preventing short and long term adverse health consequences for women and their offspring. This is particularly the case for women with chronic health conditions due to the rising prevalence of chronic disease in global populations. With this in mind, this paper presents an integrative systematic review of contemporary research outlining the use of preconception services and practices by women with chronic health conditions. METHODS: A search was conducted through PubMed, CINAHL, AMED, and Maternity and Infant Care databases which identified 672 papers examining preconception care and preconception services for women with chronic health conditions. Fourteen papers which were written in English, presented original research, and reported on the prevalence or nature of use of preconception care by women with chronic health conditions were included in the review. Critical appraisal of study quality and thematic categorical grouping of identified papers was undertaken. RESULTS: Current research evidence, as identified through this review, examines three major topic areas: the prevalence of preconception care practices, use of services and characteristics of users; knowledge of the value and impact of preconception care and availability of preconception services for women with chronic health conditions; and women's attitudes, approaches and experiences of preconception care and preconception services. Prevalence estimates of engagement with preconception care range between 18.1% and 45%, with most studies focusing on women with type 1 or 2 diabetes. Significant gaps in women's knowledge of preconception care for women with chronic health conditions were also identified. Women with chronic health conditions reported experiencing emotional distress as a result of their engagement with preconception care services. They also commonly described feeling a need to employ discipline to comply with preconception care programs, and experiencing a fear of pregnancy complications. CONCLUSION: Future research requires a broad and sophisticated approach to research design and analysis, improved consideration of temporal changes to women's health behaviour, representative samples to more effectively inform health policy, and a deeper understanding of women's motivations, attitudes and perceptions of preconception care to assist in the development of tailored preconception health services.
Periodontitis and systemic disease.; Recent evidence suggests that periodontal disease may play an etiologic role in the pathogenesis of several systemic illnesses, such as cardiovascular disease and preterm birth. This article reviews proposed mechanisms for such associations and outlines studies currently underway aimed at clarifying this issue. Results from this line of research may fundamentally change the way we approach our periodontitis patients.
The effects of induced type I diabetes on developmental regulation of GDNF, NRTN, and NCAM proteins in the dentate gyrus of male rat offspring.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy can affect the neurological development of offspring. Glial cell-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), neurturin (NRTN), and neural cell adhesion molecules (NCAM) are three important proteins for brain development. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the impacts of the mentioned neurotrophic factors in the hippocampal dentate gyrus (DG) of rat offspring born to diabetic mothers. METHODS: Wistar female rats were randomly allocated into diabetic (STZ-D) [(45 mg/kg BW, STZ (Streptozotocin), i.p)], diabetic + NPH insulin (STZ-INS) [(4-6 unit/kg/day SC)], and control groups. The animals in all groups were mated by non-diabetic male rats. Two weeks after birth, male pups from each group were sacrificed and then protein contents of GDNF, NRTN, and NCAM were evaluated using immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: The study found that the expression of GDNF and NRTN in the hippocampus of diabetic rat offspring was significantly higher compared to the diabetic+ insulin and control groups, respectively (P < 0.01, P < 0.001). Additionally, the expression of NCAM was significantly higher in the diabetic group the diabetic+ insulin and control groups (P < 0.01, P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The results of the study revealed that diabetes during pregnancy significantly impacts the distribution pattern of GDNF, NRTN, and NCAM in the hippocampus of rat neonates.
Prenatal Lead Exposure, Type 2 Diabetes, and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Mexican Children at Age 10-18 Years.; CONTEXT: Several cross-sectional studies have assessed the association of lead exposure with type 2 diabetes and cardiometabolic risk factors in adults; however, studies of such associations in childhood are rare. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the prospective associations of prenatal exposure to lead with type 2 diabetes and cardiometabolic risk factors in children. DESIGN: The Early Life Exposure in Mexico to Environmental Toxicants is a birth cohort study of pregnant women and their offspring. SETTING: Public hospitals in Mexico City. PATIENTS OR OTHER PARTICIPANTS: Women were recruited during pregnancy; their offspring were recruited for a follow-up visit at age 10 to 18 years (n = 369). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We measured fasting serum markers of type 2 diabetes and cardiometabolic risk factors in children, including fasting glucose, insulin, and lipids. The index of insulin resistance was calculated. RESULTS: The geometric mean of maternal blood lead levels (BLLs) during pregnancy was 4.3 µg/dL (95% confidence interval [CI]): 4.0-4.6 µg/dL) in the entire sample. In boys, those with maternal BLLs ≥ 5 µg/dL (compared with those with BLLs < 5 µg/dL) had significantly lower z scores for total cholesterol (β = -0.41, 95% CI: -0.71, -0.12), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (β = -0.32, 95% CI: -0.59, -0.05), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (β = -0.52, 95% CI: -0.81, -0.22), adjusting for covariates. No associations were detected in girls. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, we found that higher prenatal exposure to lead was associated with lower levels of cholesterol in children following a sex-specific pattern. Further studies with a larger sample size that examine whether sex is a potential modifier are needed to confirm our findings.
Beneficial effect induced by a beta-adrenoceptor blocker on fetal growth in streptozotocin-diabetic rats.; Treatment by a beta 1-beta 2-adrenoceptor antagonist has been much used during pathological pregnancies. These agents can reduce the oxygen consumption of the myocardium, increase the coronary blood flow towards ischemic heart areas and improve return of venous blood flow towards the heart. The aim of this study was to determine the mechanism of action of this agent and to investigate whether a total beta-adrenoceptor antagonist could reduce the fetoplacental disorders elicited in streptozotocin-diabetic pregnant rats. Diabetes was engendered on day 7.5 of pregnancy, and the animals were studied on day 21. Untreated nondiabetic rats or nondiabetic rats treated with propranolol, a total beta-adrenoceptor blocker (2 mg kg-1/ day, i.p.), had a healthy placenta without vascular disturbances, with normal arterial blood velocity in the uterine artery, placenta, umbilical cord and fetal aorta, and showed eutrophic fetuses (3.9 +/- 0.0 g, mean +/- SEM). Untreated diabetic rats had severe placental lesions, with a reduction of arterial blood velocity in the uterine artery (p < 0.01), placenta (p < 0.01) and umbilical artery (p < 0.05), and exhibited fetal hypotrophy (2.3 +/- 0.1 g, mean +/- SEM, p < 0.001) compared with nondiabetic untreated rats. Treatment of diabetic rats with propranolol (2 mg kg-1/day, i.p.) enhanced fetal weight (3.66 +/- 0.2 g) and slightly increased fetal insulin secretion, restored arterial blood velocity to control values in the uterine artery and fetal aorta and reduced placental lesions. In conclusion, our results suggest that the beneficial effects of propranolol were at least in part related to an improvement of uteroplacental hemodynamics; it induced a better redistribution of the blood towards the placenta and the fetal systemic circulation. Propranolol treatment could protect cell membranes against free oxygen radicals and lipid peroxidation, involved in the pathogenesis of ischemic injury in diabetes.
[The possibility of cardiovascular system evaluation in fetuses at 11.0 to 13.6 weeks of gestation in a reference perinatal cardiology centre].; OBJECTIVE: To assess the possibility of foetal circulatory system evaluation between 11+0 to 13+6 weeks of gestation in a reference perinatal cardiology centre. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A prospective study was conducted between January 2004 and June 2008 in patients admitted to the reference perinatal cardiology centre for a foetal echocardiographic examination. 1170 foetuses were examined: 31 in 2004, 167 in 2005, 310 in 2006, 406 in 2007 and 262 in the first half of 2008. All foetuses had early echocardiography performed during 11-13+6 weeks of gestation, following the Foetal Medicine Foundation guidelines. The examination included: position and size of the heart, 4-chamber view and outflow tracts evaluation. The flow through ductus venosus, atrio-ventricular and arterial valves were assessed with colour and pulsed Doppler. 982 patients with confirmed normal heart anatomy in the second trimester were further analysed. RESULTS: Mean maternal age was 30 years. 237 (20%) patients were >35 years old. Mean CRL (crown rump length) was 65 mm. 4-chamber view was obtained in 933 foetuses (95%) and outflow tracts in 813 (83%) cases. Diagnostic flow through the tricuspid valve was detected in 894 (91%) foetuses. CONCLUSIONS: Early foetal echocardiography is available in a reference perinatal cardiology centre since 11th week of gestation, in most cases with transabdominal probe. Possibility of the foetal heart anatomy evaluation increases with gestational age. Only patients from the high risk group (i.e. previous child with a major cardiac defect, diabetes mellitus, monochorionic pregnancy) and foetuses with increased NT should be examined. In every case, a control echocardiographic examination in the second trimester must be performed.
Profile of insulin resistance of pregnant women at late third trimester in Nigeria: A descriptive cross-sectional report.; BACKGROUND: Exaggerated level of insulin resistance (IR) is associated with poor pregnancy outcomes. Identifying affected women may forestall these outcomes. There are few reports on IR and its predictors among pregnant women in Nigeria. AIM: To determine the profile of IR, using the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and its predictors among parturient Nigerian women in third trimester. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A cross-sectional baseline data of healthy pregnant women in third trimester, consecutively recruited into a cohort study that evaluated IR and neonatal outcomes at a tertiary maternity. Sociodemographic and clinical data were obtained. Fasting venous blood was analyzed for glucose and insulin and HOMA-IR was calculated. RESULTS: We consecutively recruited 401 healthy pregnant women between 28 and 41 weeks [means ± SD = 37.4 ± 0.8 weeks]; mean age 31.52 ± 4.3 years (range: 20-41 years). Median (IQR) HOMA-IR was 1.15 (0.63, 1.96; range: 0.02-11.73). Binary multivariable logistic regression showed overweight- [aOR (95% CI) = 3.29 (1.18, 9.13)], hyperglycemia- [aOR (95% CI) = 2.98 (1.19, 6.90)], and hypertension as independent predictors of IR [aOR (95% CI) = 2.85 (1.18, 6.90)]. CONCLUSION: Among nondiabetic Nigerian pregnant women in late third trimester, IR was independently associated with overweight, hypertension, and hyperglycemia. Control of adiposity is a potential target for control of IR and consequently its outcomes.
Monitoring of early postnatal glucose homeostasis and cerebral function in newborn infants of diabetic mothers. A pilot study.; The aims of this pilot study were to evaluate a new technique in the monitoring of postnatal glucose homeostasis (microdialysis) and also to study possible associations between early postnatal hypoglycaemia and influences on cerebral function monitoring (CFM) in 12 newborn infants of diabetic mothers. In order to study the postnatal glucose homeostasis, frequent dialysate samples were obtained from a subcutaneous microdialysis catheter for measurements of glucose. In addition, we also received samples of dialysate lactate and glycerol. Dialysate glucose concentrations were correlated to capillary blood glucose levels, measured by a glucose oxidase method. The cerebral function monitor was applied postnatally and a registration was obtained continuously. Capillary blood glucose decreased initially, and seven newborns received intravenous glucose infusions due to glucose concentrations less than 2.2 mmol/l. Dialysate glucose concentrations were, on average, 0.4 mmol/l higher than corresponding concentrations in capillary blood. The correlation coefficient between the two measurements was 0.63 and the coefficient of variation was 19.2%. Dialysate lactate and glycerol levels increased significantly, with peak values 3-4 h postnatally. No significant overall influence of hypoglycaemia was detectable in the CFM tracing. We conclude that a relatively poor correlation was observed between glucose measurements in capillary samples and microdialysis. However, using the microdialysis technique saw indication of marked lipolysis and increased lactate production, which may be of importance for cerebral postnatal adaptation. The mild postnatal hypoglycaemia in infants of diabetic mothers does not seem to give visually detectable influences on CFM.
Maternal Obesity, Overweight and Gestational Diabetes Affect the Offspring Neurodevelopment at 6 and 18 Months of Age--A Follow Up from the PREOBE Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Brain development in fetal life and early infancy is critical to determine lifelong performance in various neuropsychological domains. Metabolic pathologies such as overweight, obesity, and gestational diabetes in pregnant women are prevalent and increasing risk factors that may adversely affect long-term brain development in their offspring. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this research was to investigate the influence of maternal metabolic pathologies on the neurodevelopment of the offspring at 6 and 18 months of life. DESIGN: This was a prospective case-control study of 331 mother- and child pairs from Granada, Spain. The mothers were included during pregnancy into four groups according to their pre-gestational body mass index and their gestational diabetes status; overweight (n:56), obese (n:64), gestational diabetic (n:79), and healthy normal weight controls (n:132). At 6 months and 18 months we assessed the children with the Bayley III scales of neurodevelopment. RESULTS: At 6 months (n=215), we found significant group differences in cognition composite language, and expressive language. Post hoc test revealed unexpectedly higher scores in the obese group compared to the normal weight group and a similar trend in overweight and diabetic group. The effects on language remained significant after adjusting for confounders with an adjusted odds ratio for a value above median in composite language score of 3.3 (95% CI: 1.1, 10.0; p=0.035) for children of obese mothers. At 18 month (n=197), the offspring born to obese mothers had lost five points in language composite scores and the previous differences in language and cognition was replaced by a suggestive trend of lower gross motor scores in the overweight, obese, and diabetic groups. CONCLUSIONS: Infants of obese mothers had a temporary accelerated development of cognition and language, followed by a rapid deceleration until 18 months of age, particularly of language scores. This novel observation prompts further confirmative studies to explore possible placental and neurodevelopmental mechanisms involved.
Induction of labor in the obese patient.; Obese women are at an increased risk of antepartum pregnancy complications and are therefore more likely to require an induction of labor than normal weight women. They also have an increased rate of failing an induction of labor, a rate that rises significantly with increasing body mass index, and subsequent surgical and neonatal complications of an intrapartum cesarean delivery. This increase in induction failure may be due to differences in the myometrium of obese women resulting in decreased contraction strength. There have been only a few studies comparing the efficacy of the various cervical ripening agents in obese women and at this point no recommendation can be made as to what method may result in the greatest chance of a successful induction.
Pregnancy, Reproductive Factors, and Female Heart Failure Risk and Outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of recent evidence on female-specific risk factors related to reproductive status or pregnancy. RECENT FINDINGS: Pregnancy-related factors, including hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes, increase the risk of heart failure in women, while breastfeeding and hormone therapy may offer protection. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, placental abruption, younger maternal age at first live birth, younger maternal age at last live birth, number of stillbirths, number of pregnancies, onset of menstruation before 12 years of age, shorter reproductive age, ovariectomy, and prolonged absence of ovarian hormones may increase the risk of heart failure in women. Conversely, breastfeeding status and hormone therapy (for menopause or contraception) may serve as protective factors, while fertility treatments have no discernible effect on the risk of heart failure.
Assessment of noninvasive risk markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is state of carbohydrate intolerance detected first time during pregnancy. GDM represents a significant risk factor for the development of CVD in women. The degree to which women with histories of gestational diabetes are at risk for cardiovascular disease, beyond their predisposition to future diabetes, is still unclear. The aim of our study was to assess the presence of surrogate markers of subclinical atherosclerosis which can be present in them even without developing type 2 diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: In this descriptive cross-sectional hospital based study, 50 patients 20-45 yrs of age, premenopausal, at least 1 yr past her most recent pregnancy, and not more than 5 yr past her index pregnancy with GDM. These patients and controls who did not have GDM were assessed for carotid intima media thickness,endothelial dysfunction, epicardial fat thickness and other cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Women with pGDM were found to have unfavourable cardiovascular risk parameters. They also demonstrated more frequent occurrence of metabolic syndrome(64% vs 10%) than control subjects. Individual components of MS increased with increasing BMI in both the groups. As far as markers of subclinical atherosclerosis were concerned women with pGDM had significantly higher CIMT, FMD and epicardial fat thickness than control group. CONCLUSION: Women with pGDM, even before development of diabetes have significant differences in CVD risk factors when compared to those who do not have such history. Postpartum screening for glucose intolerance and efforts to minimize modifiable cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, viscerall adiposity, and dyslipidemia should be the most effective measures for lowering of cardiovascular risk.
Increased plasma pro-B-type natriuretic peptide in infants of women with type 1 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Up to 40% of newborn infants of women with type 1 diabetes have echocardiographic signs of cardiomyopathy. Increased plasma concentrations of B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and its precursor (proBNP) are markers of cardiac failure and hypoxia in adults. In this study, we investigated whether plasma concentrations of proBNP and/or BNP are increased in infants of women with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Plasma BNP and proBNP were measured with RIAs. The proBNP assay measures both intact proBNP and NH(2)-terminal fragments derived from this precursor, whereas the BNP assay measures only BNP-32 and not proBNP. RESULTS: Infants of women with diabetes and hemoglobin A(1c) (Hb A(1c)) > or =6.2% before delivery had a higher median plasma proBNP concentration (31 pmol/L; interquartile range, 21-47 pmol/L; n = 16) than infants of healthy women [16 (9-32) pmol/L; n = 21; P = 0.01]. Infants of women with diabetes and Hb A(1c) <6.2% (n = 15) had intermediate values. The plasma BNP and proBNP concentrations were closely associated (r(2) = 0.80; P < 0.0001); within the group of infants of women with diabetes and Hb A(1c) > or =6.2%, both correlated with the degree of fetal stress during labor. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes and suboptimal metabolic control may affect the fetal heart and predominantly stimulate proBNP secretion in conjunction with perinatal stress.
Functional cargos of exosomes derived from Flk-1(+) vascular progenitors enable neurulation and ameliorate embryonic anomalies in diabetic pregnancy.; Various types of progenitors initiate individual organ formation and their crosstalk orchestrates morphogenesis for the entire embryo. Here we show that progenitor exosomal communication across embryonic organs occurs in normal development and is altered in embryos of diabetic pregnancy. Endoderm fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2) stimulates mesoderm Flk-1(+) vascular progenitors to produce exosomes containing the anti-stress protein Survivin. These exosomes act on neural stem cells of the neuroepithelium to facilitate neurulation by inhibiting cellular stress and apoptosis. Maternal diabetes causes Flk-1(+) progenitor dysfunction by suppressing FGF2 through DNA hypermethylation. Restoring endoderm FGF2 prevents diabetes-induced survivin reduction in Flk-1(+) progenitor exosomes. Transgenic Survivin expression in Flk-1(+) progenitors or in utero delivery of survivin-enriched exosomes restores cellular homeostasis and prevents diabetes-induced neural tube defects (NTDs), whereas inhibiting exosome production induces NTDs. Thus, functional inter-organ communication via Flk-1 exosomes is vital for neurulation and its disruption leads to embryonic anomalies.
Long-term Cognitive Implications of Intrauterine Hyperglycemia in Adolescent Offspring of Women With Type 1 Diabetes (the EPICOM Study).; OBJECTIVE: Exposure to maternal diabetes in utero may have a negative impact on the developing brain. The objective was to examine long-term cognitive consequences of intrauterine hyperglycemia in adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes and to ascertain a possible association with maternal HbA1c. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Offspring of a prospectively followed cohort of women with type 1 diabetes (n = 277) participated in a follow-up examination at the age of 13-19 years. A control group from the background population was identified (n = 301). Cognitive function was evaluated using Reynolds Intellectual Assessment Scales and classified into indices of composite intelligence, verbal and nonverbal intelligence, and composite memory. Frequencies of reading and writing problems and attendance to classes for children with learning difficulties were assessed. RESULTS: Offspring of women with type 1 diabetes scored lower in all normalized and standardized intelligence indices compared with controls: composite intelligence (95.7 vs. 100, P = 0.001), verbal intelligence (96.2 vs. 100, P = 0.004), nonverbal intelligence (96.4 vs. 100, P = 0.008), and composite memory (95.7 vs. 100, P = 0.001). A higher frequency of diabetes-exposed offspring had parent-reported learning difficulties in primary school. Differences between groups remained after adjustment for confounders and potential mediators. We found no direct association between maternal HbA1c and offspring cognitive function in the exposed group. CONCLUSIONS: Adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes had lower cognitive function compared with a control group, also after adjustment for confounders and potential mediators. These differences may reflect direct harmful effects of maternal diabetes on neurodevelopment in the offspring.
The developmental origins of adult disease (Barker) hypothesis.; Many studies have provided evidence for the hypothesis that size at birth is related to the risk of developing disease in later life. In particular, links are well established between reduced birthweight and increased risk of coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension and stroke in adulthood. These relationships are modified by patterns of postnatal growth. The most widely accepted mechanisms thought to underlie these relationships are those of fetal programming by nutritional stimuli or excess fetal glucocorticoid exposure. It is suggested that the fetus makes physiological adaptations in response to changes in its environment to prepare itself for postnatal life. These changes may include epigenetic modification of gene expression. Less clear at this time are the relevance of fetal programming phenomena to twins and preterm babies, and whether any of these effects can be reversed after birth. Much current active research in this field will be of direct relevance to future obstetric practice.
Does pregnancy increase the risk for development and progression of diabetic nephropathy?; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to determine whether pregnancy and increasing parity in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (1) increases the risk for diabetic nephropathy and (2) accelerates the progression of diabetic nephropathy. STUDY DESIGN: The study included women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus who enrolled in our diabetes-in-pregnancy trial with a pregnancy that continued beyond 20 weeks' gestation and who were delivered between 1978 and December 31, 1991, to allow for a minimum of 3 years' follow-up. Pregnancy and follow-up information was obtained from the medical records and from our computerized database. For patients followed up elsewhere, information was obtained from their current physicians. Life-table analysis was used to determine (1) the risk for nephropathy developing de novo as a function of duration of disease and the association of this risk with parity and (2) the risk of renal failure developing in women with preexisting nephropathy and its association with parity. RESULTS: The study population included 182 pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus: 46 with overt nephropathy (group F) and 136 without nephropathy (group NF). Pregnancy and increasing parity did not increase the overall risk for nephropathy (44% after 27 years of diabetes). In group NF 10% had nephropathy within 10.1 +/- 4.2 years of the pregnancy. Proteinuria appearing during pregnancy and glycemic control during pregnancy were significantly associated with the subsequent development of nephropathy. In group F 26% had end-stage renal disease after a median period of 6 years from the pregnancy. Pregnancy or increasing parity did not increase the risk for renal failure in women with nephropathy. CONCLUSIONS: Our data support the premise that pregnancy in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus does not increase the risk of subsequent nephropathy and does not accelerate progression of renal disease in women with preexisting nephropathy.
Ambient air pollution and maternal cardiovascular health in pregnancy.; In this review, we summarise the current epidemiological and experimental evidence on the association of ambient (outdoor) air pollution exposure and maternal cardiovascular health during pregnancy. This topic is of utmost clinical and public health importance as pregnant women represent a potentially susceptible group due to the delicate balance of the feto-placental circulation, rapid fetal development and tremendous physiological adaptations to the maternal cardiorespiratory system during pregnancy.Several meta-analyses including up to 4 245 170 participants provide robust evidence that air pollutants, including particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and others, have adverse effects on the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular events during labour. Potential underlying biological mechanisms include oxidative stress with subsequent endothelial dysfunction and vascular inflammation, β-cell dysfunction and epigenetic changes. Endothelial dysfunction can lead to hypertension by impairing vasodilatation and promoting vasoconstriction. Air pollution and the consequent oxidative stress can additionally accelerate β-cell dysfunction, which in turn triggers insulin resistance leading to gestational diabetes mellitus. Epigenetic changes in placental and mitochondrial DNA following air pollution exposures can lead to altered gene expression and contribute to placental dysfunction and induction of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.The maternal and fetal consequences of such cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease during pregnancy can be serious and long lasting, including preterm birth, increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus or cardiovascular disease later in life. Acceleration of efforts to reduce air pollution is therefore urgently needed to realise the full health benefits for pregnant mothers and their children.
Altered Lipid Metabolism in Obese Women With Gestational Diabetes and Associations With Offspring Adiposity.; CONTEXT: Gestational diabetes (GDM) affects 20 million women/year worldwide and is associated with childhood obesity. Infants of affected mothers have increased adiposity from birth, which leads to obesity in later life. However, it remains unknown whether the effect of GDM upon neonatal body composition is due to hyperglycemia alone or is mediated by other pathways. OBJECTIVE: To investigate plasma lipid profiles in obese women according to GDM diagnosis, infant birthweight percentiles, and adiposity. DESIGN: Prospective cohort from UPBEAT trial (ISRCTN 89971375). SETTING: Hospital and community. PATIENTS: 867 obese pregnant women recruited in early pregnancy, assessed at 28 weeks for GDM. Offspring anthropometry was assessed at birth. OUTCOME (PRESPECIFIED): Neonatal birth percentile and abdominal circumference. METHODS: Lipidomic profiling in the fasting plasma oral glucose tolerance test sample using direct infusion mass spectrometry. Analysis included logistic/linear regression, unadjusted and adjusted for maternal age, body mass index, parity, ethnicity, UPBEAT trial arm, and fetal sex. The limit of significance was P = 0.05 for offspring anthropometry and P = 0.002 for lipidomic data. RESULTS: GDM in obese women was associated with elevated plasma concentrations of specific diglycerides [DG(32:0)] and triglycerides [TG(48:0), (50:1), (50:2)] containing fatty acids (16:0), (16:1), (18:0), and (18:1), consistent with increased de novo lipogenesis. In the whole cohort, these species were associated with birthweight percentile and neonatal abdominal circumference. Effects upon infant abdominal circumference remained significant after adjustment for maternal glycemia. CONCLUSIONS: Increased de novo lipogenesis-related species in pregnant women with obesity and GDM are associated with measures of offspring adiposity and may be a target for improving lifelong health.
Plasma and red blood cell beta-endorphin immunoreactivity in normal and complicated pregnancies: gestational age variation.; Recent observations suggest that there may be two pools of beta-endorphin-like immunoreactivity in mammalian circulation. One of these pools is present in plasma and the other is detected in association with erythrocytes. Elucidation of an erythrocyte-associated pool may explain some of the wide variability of plasma beta-endorphin levels reported in the literature. We measured beta-endorphin immunoreactivity levels in 85 normal and 33 complicated pregnancies to delineate a possible correlation between gestational age and beta-endorphin immunoreactivity levels in plasma and in erythrocytes. Our results indicate that beta-endorphin immunoreactivity levels in both plasma and erythrocytes vary systematically throughout the gestational period, reaching a peak at 31 to 32 weeks of gestation. Amniotic fluids at midgestation were also analyzed and no correlation was observed between the levels of beta-endorphin immunoreactivity and fetal sex. Compared to normal patients, diabetic patients had significantly lower levels of beta-endorphin immunoreactivity in plasma and higher levels in erythrocytes although the total beta-endorphin immunoreactivity was not statistically different from that in normal subjects. We conclude that (1) the total beta-endorphin immunoreactivity level in whole blood is much higher than that reported in plasma, (2) both plasma- and erythrocyte-associated beta-endorphin immunoreactivity levels vary with gestational age, with a peak level at 24 to 32 weeks of gestation, (3) amniotic fluid beta-endorphin immunoreactivity levels are unrelated to fetal sex, and (4) diabetic patients may have a different distribution of beta-endorphin immunoreactivity pools than normal individuals.
Cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: The HELIUS study.; AIMS: Little is known about how pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk are associated, specifically among ethnic minorities. In this study we examined this association in women from six ethnic groups, and the potential value of pregnancy complications as eligibility criterion for CVD risk screening. METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study combining obstetric history from the Dutch perinatal registry with data on cardiovascular risk up to 15 years after pregnancy from the multi-ethnic HELIUS study. We included 2,466 parous women of Dutch, South-Asian Surinamese, African Surinamese, Ghanaian, Turkish and Moroccan origin. Associations were studied across ethnicities and predictive value of pregnancy complications for CVD risk factors above traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening was assessed using Poisson regression. RESULTS: History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth were associated with higher prevalence of chronic hypertension and chronic kidney disease across most groups (prevalence ratio 1.6-1.9). Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with increased type 2 diabetes mellitus risk, particularly in ethnic minority groups (prevalence ratio 4.5-7.7). Associations did not significantly differ across ethnic groups. The prediction models did not improve substantially after adding pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening. CONCLUSION: History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth and gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with CVD risk factors in parous women, without evidence of a differential association across ethnic groups. However, addition of pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening does not substantially improve the prediction of prevalent CVD risk factors.
Pregnancy Complications and Long-Term Mortality in a Diverse Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy complications are associated with increased risk of development of cardiometabolic diseases and earlier mortality. However, much of the previous research has been limited to White pregnant participants. We aimed to investigate pregnancy complications in association with total and cause-specific mortality in a racially diverse cohort and evaluate whether associations differ between Black and White pregnant participants. METHODS: The Collaborative Perinatal Project was a prospective cohort study of 48 197 pregnant participants at 12 US clinical centers (1959-1966). The Collaborative Perinatal Project Mortality Linkage Study ascertained participants' vital status through 2016 with linkage to the National Death Index and Social Security Death Master File. Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for underlying all-cause and cause-specific mortality were estimated for preterm delivery (PTD), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/IGT) using Cox models adjusted for age, prepregnancy body mass index, smoking, race and ethnicity, previous pregnancies, marital status, income, education, previous medical conditions, site, and year. RESULTS: Among 46 551 participants, 45% (21 107 of 46 551) were Black, and 46% (21 502 of 46 551) were White. The median time between the index pregnancy and death/censoring was 52 years (interquartile range, 45-54). Mortality was higher among Black (8714 of 21 107 [41%]) compared with White (8019 of 21 502 [37%]) participants. Overall, 15% (6753 of 43 969) of participants had PTD, 5% (2155 of 45 897) had hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and 1% (540 of 45 890) had GDM/IGT. PTD incidence was higher in Black (4145 of 20 288 [20%]) compared with White (1941 of 19 963 [10%]) participants. The following were associated with all-cause mortality: preterm spontaneous labor (aHR, 1.07 [95% CI, 1.03-1.1]); preterm premature rupture of membranes (aHR, 1.23 [1.05-1.44]); preterm induced labor (aHR, 1.31 [1.03-1.66]); preterm prelabor cesarean delivery (aHR, 2.09 [1.75-2.48]) compared with full-term delivery; gestational hypertension (aHR, 1.09 [0.97-1.22]); preeclampsia or eclampsia (aHR, 1.14 [0.99-1.32]) and superimposed preeclampsia or eclampsia (aHR, 1.32 [1.20-1.46]) compared with normotensive; and GDM/IGT (aHR, 1.14 [1.00-1.30]) compared with normoglycemic. P values for effect modification between Black and White participants for PTD, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and GDM/IGT were 0.009, 0.05, and 0.92, respectively. Preterm induced labor was associated with greater mortality risk among Black (aHR, 1.64 [1.10-2.46]) compared with White (aHR, 1.29 [0.97-1.73]) participants, while preterm prelabor cesarean delivery was higher in White (aHR, 2.34 [1.90-2.90]) compared with Black (aHR, 1.40 [1.00-1.96]) participants. CONCLUSIONS: In this large, diverse US cohort, pregnancy complications were associated with higher mortality nearly 50 years later. Higher incidence of some complications in Black individuals and differential associations with mortality risk suggest that disparities in pregnancy health may have life-long implications for earlier mortality.
2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure: Executive Summary: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Joint Committee on Clinical Practice Guidelines.; AIM: The "2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" replaces the "2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" and the "2017 ACC/AHA/HFSA Focused Update of the 2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure." The 2022 guideline is intended to provide patient-centric recommendations for clinicians to prevent, diagnose, and manage patients with heart failure. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted from May 2020 to December 2020, encompassing studies, reviews, and other evidence conducted on human subjects that were published in English from MEDLINE (PubMed), EMBASE, the Cochrane Collaboration, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and other relevant databases. Additional relevant clinical trials and research studies, published through September 2021, were also considered. This guideline was harmonized with other American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology guidelines published through December 2021. STRUCTURE: Heart failure remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. The 2022 heart failure guideline provides recommendations based on contemporary evidence for the treatment of these patients. The recommendations present an evidence-based approach to managing patients with heart failure, with the intent to improve quality of care and align with patients' interests. Many recommendations from the earlier heart failure guidelines have been updated with new evidence, and new recommendations have been created when supported by published data. Value statements are provided for certain treatments with high-quality published economic analyses.
Changing Incidence and Mechanism of Pregnancy-Associated Myocardial Infarction in the State of California.; Background The objective of this study was to evaluate the temporal trends in pregnancy-associated myocardial infarction (PAMI) in the State of California and explore potential risk factors and mechanisms. Methods and Results The California State Inpatient Database was analyzed from 2003 to 2011 for patients with International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) codes for acute myocardial infarction and pregnancy or postpartum admissions; risk factors were analyzed and compared with pregnant patients without myocardial infarction. A total of 341 patients were identified with PAMI from a total of 5 266 380 pregnancies (incidence of 6.5 per 100 000 pregnancies). Inpatient maternal mortality rate was 7%, and infant mortality rate was 3.5% among patients with PAMI. There was a nonsignificant trend toward an increase in PAMI incidence from 2003 to 2011, possibly attributable to higher incidence of spontaneous coronary artery dissection, vasospasm, and Takotsubo syndrome. PAMI, when compared with pregnant patients without myocardial infarction, was significant for older age (aged >30 years in 72% versus 37%, P<0.0005), higher preponderance of Black race (12% versus 6%, P<0.00005), lower socioeconomic status (median household income in lowest quartile 26% versus 20%, P=0.04), higher prevalence of hypertension (26% versus 7%, P<0.0005), diabetes (7% versus 1%, P<0.0005), anemia (31% versus 7%, P<0.0001), amphetamine use (1% versus 0%, P<0.00005), cocaine use (2% versus 0.2%, P<0.0001), and smoking (6% versus 1%, P=0.0001). Conclusions There has been a trend toward an increase in PAMI incidence in California over the past decade, with an increasing trend in spontaneous coronary artery dissection, vasospasm, and Takotsubo syndrome as mechanisms. These findings warrant further investigation.
Fetal plasma leptin concentrations: relationship with different intrauterine growth patterns from 19 weeks to term.; The relationship between in utero fetal growth and fetal leptin concentrations was investigated between 19 and 41 wk in 40 normal (appropriate for gestational age, AGA) fetuses, in 25 intrauterine growth-restricted (IUGR) fetuses, and in 18 fetuses from gestational diabetic mothers (GDM), representing different intrauterine growth patterns. Umbilical venous plasma leptin concentrations were determined at the time of either in utero fetal blood sampling or delivery. Plasma leptin was measurable as early as 19 wk of gestation. A significant difference was observed between umbilical venous and arterial plasma leptin concentrations (0.6+/-0.6 ng/mL; p<0.01). In AGA and in IUGR fetuses, significant positive relationships were found between fetal leptin concentrations and both gestational age (p<0.001) and fetal weight (p<0.001). Leptin concentrations were significantly higher in AGA than IUGR only after 34 wk (p<0.05), but leptin per kilogram fetal weight (leptin/kg) was not significantly different. In IUGR with abnormal umbilical arterial Doppler velocimetry and fetal heart rate, leptin/kg significantly higher than in IUGR with normal biophysical and biochemical parameters was found (p<0.05). Both circulating plasma leptin and leptin/kg were significantly higher in GDM than in normal fetuses (p<0.001) and correlated with abdominal fat mass measured by ultrasound. No gender differences were observed in any group of fetuses. These findings indicate a clear relationship between fetal leptin concentrations and fetal fat mass. Data in severe IUGR suggest the presence of increased leptin concentrations associated with in utero signs of fetal distress.
Delivery of a small for gestational age infant and greater maternal risk of ischemic heart disease.; BACKGROUND: Delivery of a small for gestational age (SGA) infant has been associated with increased maternal risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). It is uncertain whether giving birth to SGA infant is a specific determinant of later IHD, independent of other risk factors, or a marker of general poor health. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between delivery of a SGA infant and maternal risk for IHD in relation to traditional IHD risk factors. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Risk of maternal IHD was evaluated in a population based cross-sectional study of 6,608 women with a prior live term birth who participated in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1999-2006), a probability sample of the U.S. population. Sequence of events was determined from age at last live birth and at diagnosis of IHD. Delivery of a SGA infant is strongly associated with greater maternal risk for IHD (age adjusted OR; 95% CI: 1.8; 1.2, 2.9; p = 0.012). The association was independent of the family history of IHD, stroke, hypertension and diabetes (family history-adjusted OR; 95% CI: 1.9; 1.2, 3.0; p = 0.011) as well as other risk factors for IHD (risk factor-adjusted OR; 95% CI: 1.7; 1.1, 2.7; p = 0.025). Delivery of a SGA infant was associated with earlier onset of IHD and preceded it by a median of 30 (interquartile range: 20, 36) years. CONCLUSIONS: Giving birth to a SGA infant is strongly and independently associated with IHD and a potential risk factor that precedes IHD by decades. A pregnancy that produces a SGA infant may induce long-term cardiovascular changes that increase risk for IHD.
Functional and biochemical criteria for investigation of brain development disorders.; Functional state and creatine kinase (CK) activity in the amniotic fluid and blood of anencephalic fetuses was studied in the second trimester of pregnancy with the following pathomorphological investigation of the state of their CNS to reveal possible markers of development disorders. The extent of neurological disorders in newborn infants was retrospectively compared with data from functional studies of components of a biophysical profile (motor-cardiac reflex, heart rhythm oscillations, respiratory movements) and with CK activity in the amniotic fluid and blood of fetuses with hemolytic disease and fetuses of diabetic mothers and normal mothers in the third trimester of pregnancy. The results revealed informative indices of fetal CNS developmental disorders in the prenatal period that are of importance for predicting a prognosis of the extent of neurological disorders in newborn infants. These results will allow the establishment of criteria for evaluation of fetuses to reveal possible disorders in the formation of the CNS.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with in vivo platelet activation and platelet hyperreactivity.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with obstetrical and long-term cardiovascular complications. Although platelet hyperresponsiveness in type-2 diabetes mellitus has been well characterized and has been shown to play a crucial role in cardiovascular complications, this aspect has been little studied in gestational diabetes mellitus. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to evaluate platelet reactivity, in vivo platelet activation, and endothelial function in gestational diabetes mellitus in comparison with normal pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective, case-control study of 23 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 23 healthy pregnant women who were studied at 26 to 28 and 34 to 36 weeks of gestation and at 8 weeks postpartum. Platelet reactivity and in vivo platelet activation, including light transmission aggregometry, PFA-100, platelet activation antigen expression, platelet adhesion under flow, platelet nitric oxide and reactive oxygen species production, and endothelial dysfunction markers, were assessed. RESULTS: The study of platelet function showed a condition of platelet hyperreactivity in cases with gestational diabetes mellitus when compared with healthy pregnant women at enrollment, which was further enhanced at the end of pregnancy and tended to decrease 2 months after delivery, although it still remained higher in gestational diabetes mellitus. In vivo platelet activation was also evident in gestational diabetes mellitus, especially at the end of pregnancy, in part persisting up to 8 weeks after delivery. Finally, women with gestational diabetes mellitus showed defective platelet nitric oxide production and endothelial dysfunction when compared with healthy pregnancies. CONCLUSION: Our data showed that gestational diabetes mellitus generates a condition of platelet hyperreactivity that in part persists up to 2 months after delivery. Impaired platelet sensitivity to nitric oxide and reduced platelet and endothelial nitric oxide production may contribute to the platelet hyperreactivity condition. Platelet hyperreactivity may play a role in the long-term cardiovascular complications of gestational diabetes mellitus women.
Interaction of angiotensin II and brain natriuretic peptide in the placentas of normal and diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of angiotensin II and brain natriuretic peptide on the placental vasculature of diabetic women. METHODS: Term placentas from five diabetic women and five nondiabetic controls were collected. Isolated placental cotyledons were perfused dually with fetal perfusion pressure as an index of vascular response. The effect of angiotensin II (10(-10)-10(-5) mol/L bolus injection) was established in the fetal-placental vasculature of all placentas in the absence or presence of brain natriuretic peptide (10(-8) mol/L final concentration). Data were analyzed using repeated measures analysis of variance and paired t test where appropriate. RESULTS: A significant vasoconstrictor response to angiotensin II was achieved in placentas of both diabetic and nondiabetic women (P < .001); however, the angiotensin II-induced increase in perfusion pressure was significantly greater in the diabetic group (P < .01). Significant attenuation of vasoconstrictor response to angiotensin occurred in the presence of brain natriuretic peptide in placentas of both nondiabetic (P < .0025) and diabetic (P < .025) women, but the effect was more prominent in the diabetic group. CONCLUSION: The in vitro placental vasculature of diabetic women is more sensitive to angiotensin II than is the in vitro placental vasculature of nondiabetic women. The attenuation exerted by brain natriuretic peptide on angiotensin II-induced vasoconstriction is more prominent in placentas from diabetic women compared to those from nondiabetic women.
Diabetic placenta: ultrastructure and morphometry of the term villi.; OBJECTIVE: To verify the ultrafine conformation of term villi in diabetic and normal placentae. Villar dysmaturity and chorangiosis are considered the most frequent findings in diabetic placentae, but their histogenesis is still unclear. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a morphometric study of 38 term villi in 5 diabetic placentae and of 37 term villi of 5 normal placentae in order to know the different extension of endothelial surface (VL), the maximum (D max) and minimum (D min) distance of the vessels from the basal membrane, as well as the exact thickness of basal membrane (MT BM). The villi were examined with transmission electron microscopy, and parameters were automatically acquired with the iTEM software (Soft Imaging System, Münster, Germany). RESULTS: VL results were statistically higher in diabetic placentae than in normal ones. Also D max and D min were higher in diabetic disease. MT BM was not different in the two groups. CONCLUSION: Our findings show that, in the presence of chorangiosis, the vessel surface in diabetic placentae is higher than in normal group, but the vessels are randomly distributed in term villi. The basal membrane is not different in the two groups. Morphometric evaluation seems to be more accurate using ultrafine samples.
[Pathogenesis of disturbances of the hemostatic system in neonates].; Described in the paper are chief pathogenetic mechanisms of development of disturbances in the hemostasis system in neonates born to mothers presenting with extragenital pathologies. Marked clotting changes were noted together with those in the system of the erythron. Recordable in the above infants were also vascular permeability disorders, abnormalities of metabolism. These changes were especially manifest in those children presenting with diabetic fetopathy and in babies born to mothers with neurocirculatory asthenia. The results secured permitted the development of the system of curative-and-prophylactic measures to be instituted in the above infants.
Risk factors associated with the development of double-inlet ventricle congenital heart disease.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect group and a significant contributor to neonatal and infant death. CHD with single ventricle anatomy, including hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS), tricuspid atresia (TA), and various double-inlet ventricle (DIV) malformations, is the most complex with the highest mortality. Prenatal risk factors associated with HLHS have been studied, but such data for DIV are lacking. METHODS: We analyzed DIV cases and nonmalformed controls in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, a case-control, multicenter population-based study of birth defects. Random forest analysis identified potential predictor variables for DIV, which were included in multivariable models to estimate effect magnitude and directionality. RESULTS: Random forest analysis identified pre-pregnancy diabetes, history of maternal insulin use, maternal total lipid intake, paternal race, and intake of several foods and nutrients as potential predictors of DIV. Logistic regression confirmed pre-pregnancy diabetes, maternal insulin use, and paternal race as risk factors for having a child with DIV. Additionally, higher maternal total fat intake was associated with a reduced risk. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal pre-pregnancy diabetes and history of insulin use were associated with an increased risk of having an infant with DIV, while maternal lipid intake had an inverse association. These novel data provide multiple metabolic pathways for investigation to identify better the developmental etiologies of DIV and suggest that public health interventions targeting diabetes prevention and management in women of childbearing age could reduce CHD risk.
JCL roundtable: Evolution of preventive cardiology and clinical lipidology.; It's a privilege to discuss preventive cardiology with 3 of the foremost U.S. leaders in this growing subspecialty. Preventive cardiology is the practice of primordial, primary, and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. It employs an integrated team of clinicians committed to preventing all forms of cardiovascular disease, including ischemic heart disease, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and other conditions. Thus, contemporary preventive cardiology extends management beyond dyslipidemic risk reduction and now commonly includes treatment of hypertension, diabetes and other related cardiometabolic disorders, novel cardiovascular risk factors, thrombotic risk, some cardiac genetic disorders, and cardiac disorders specific to women's health, as well as attention to tobacco- and drug-related risks. Preventive cardiologists may simultaneously manage cardiac rehabilitation programs. Among significant innovations are the launch of the American Journal of Preventive Cardiology in 2020, increasing validation and use of coronary artery calcium scoring, prescription of obesity and diabetes pharmaceuticals by cardiologists, and focus on pregnancy as a natural cardiovascular stress test for women with implications for future cardiovascular events. A continuing major barrier is that reimbursement for preventive cardiology services currently does not match the value benefit which accrues to patients and society. Preventive care too often is added late in the course of disease management. In addition to ongoing pharmaceutical and lifestyle research, future directions include incorporation of specific training goals for preventive cardiology in general clinical cardiology training programs and support for registered dietitian reimbursement for services to patients with clinically manifest atherosclerosis.
Transient Hyperglycemia and Hypoxia Induce Memory Effects in AngiomiR Expression Profiles of Feto-Placental Endothelial Cells.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE) are associated with fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hypoxia, or both. These adverse conditions may compromise fetal and placental endothelial cells. In fact, GDM and PE affect feto-placental endothelial function and also program endothelial function and cardiovascular disease risk of the offspring in the long-term. MicroRNAs are short, non-coding RNAs that regulate protein translation and fine tune biological processes. A group of microRNAs termed angiomiRs is particularly involved in the regulation of endothelial function. We hypothesized that transient hyperglycemia and hypoxia may alter angiomiR expression in feto-placental endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we isolated primary fpEC after normal, uncomplicated pregnancy, and induced hyperglycemia (25 mM) and hypoxia (6.5%) for 72 h, followed by reversal to normal conditions for another 72 h. Current vs. transient effects on angiomiR profiles were analyzed by RT-qPCR and subjected to miRNA pathway analyses using DIANA miRPath, MIENTURNET and miRPathDB. Both current and transient hypoxia affected angiomiR profile stronger than current and transient hyperglycemia. Both stimuli altered more angiomiRs transiently, i.e., followed by 72 h culture at control conditions. Pathway analysis revealed that hypoxia significantly altered the pathway 'Proteoglycans in cancer'. Transient hypoxia specifically affected miRNAs related to 'adherens junction'. Our data reveal that hyperglycemia and hypoxia induce memory effects on angiomiR expression in fpEC. Such memory effects may contribute to long-term adaption and maladaption to hyperglycemia and hypoxia.
Pregnancy outcomes according to increasing maternal age.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the risks of increasing maternal age on the perinatal and obstetric outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Information about 29,760 singleton pregnancies delivered between 2005 and 2008 was extracted from our database. Patients were categorized into four groups according to age: 20-29 years, 30-34 years, 35-39 years, and ≥40 years. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate the adjusted odd ratios (AORs) of adverse pregnancy outcomes according to maternal age after adjusting for parity, body mass index, medical history and use of in vitro fertilization. RESULTS: The majority of adverse perinatal outcomes were associated with a maternal age ≥35 years as follows: low birth weight (AOR 1.2 and 1.6 for women aged 35-39 years and ≥40 years, respectively); Apgar score < 7 at 1 minute (AOR: 1.7 and 1.8); and chromosomal anomaly (AOR: 2.7 and 12.3). However, women aged ≥30 years also had greater risks for adverse maternal outcomes such as: gestational diabetes (AOR: 2.0, 3.6 and 5.1 for women aged 30-34 years, 35-39 years and ≥40 years, respectively); placenta previa (AOR: 1.6, 2.1 and 3.6); and cesarean delivery (AOR: 1.5, 2.3, and 4.1), as well as adverse fetal outcomes such as: preterm delivery (AOR: 1.2, 1.4 and 1.8) and neonatal intensive care unit transfer (AOR: 1.1, 1.2, and 1.6). CONCLUSION: Increasing maternal age is an independent and substantial risk factor for adverse perinatal and obstetric outcomes. These adverse outcomes become more common as increasing maternal age without a clear cutoff age.
Maternal early pregnancy obesity and related pregnancy and pre-pregnancy disorders: associations with child developmental milestones in the prospective PREDO Study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Previous studies have linked maternal pre-pregnancy obesity (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)) with suboptimal neurodevelopment in her offspring; however, the literature is not entirely consistent. Whether these effects are muddled by maternal self-reports of pre-pregnancy weight and height, or are driven or amplified by the well often comorbid hypertensive and diabetic pregnancy and pre-pregnancy disorders, remains unclear. We examined whether maternal early pregnancy obesity is associated with developmental delay in her offspring, and if the associations are driven or amplified by diabetic and hypertensive pregnancy and pre-pregnancy disorders. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A total of 2504 mother-child dyads participated in the Prediction and Prevention of Pre-eclampsia and Intrauterine Growth Restriction (PREDO) study. Data on maternal early pregnancy obesity, pre-pregnancy, and gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, type 1 and gestational diabetes were derived from the Finnish Medical Birth Register. At the child's mean age of 42.1 (SD = 8.2) months the mothers completed the Ages and Stages Questionnaire (ASQ) Third edition for developmental milestones. RESULTS: Children of obese mothers had 1.81-2.74 (p-values <0.02) higher odds of failing to meet the development that is typical for a child's age (developmental domain score ≤-2SD below the child's age) on the communication, fine and gross motor, problem solving and personal/social skills and children of overweight mothers had 2.14 (p = 0.002) higher odds of failing to meet the development that is typical for the child's age on communication skills. Odds of developmental delay were also higher for children of mothers with pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. The associations were robust to covariates and confounders, the effects of overweight/obesity and pre-eclampsia were not driven by the other disorders, and overweight/obesity and hypertensive and diabetic disorders did not show additive effects. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal early pregnancy overweight, obesity, and pre-eclampsia are independently associated with neurodevelopmental delay in her offspring. Further studies unraveling the underlying mechanisms are warranted.
Microcirculatory actions and uses of naturally-occurring (magnesium) and novel synthetic calcium channel blockers.; Synthetic calcium channel blockers (Ca2+ entry blockers or antagonists) have been reported to induce relaxation of smooth muscle which is not thought to be mediated by any specific action(s) on receptor sites. In addition, it has been suggested that Ca2+ channel blockers increases blood flow in a number of organ regions, including mesenteric, femoral, renal, cerebral and coronary vasculatures, via a direct action on vascular tone by inhibiting Ca2+ influx across the vascular smooth muscle membranes. Such information has prompted clinical studies with the use of Ca2+ channel blockers in the treatment of a wide variety of cardiovascular disorders. The questions, to be answered, however, are whether any of the newly-designed channel blockers can actively produce vasodilatation of arterioles and venules in regional microvasculatures, and these synthetic agents are safe and therapeutically effective. In addition, can one design site-specific (e.g., cerebral vs. coronary vasodilator) Ca2+ channel blockers. But, since the body has a natural Ca2+ antagonist, viz., magnesium ions (Mg2+), one must ask whether such divalent cations act as peripheral vasodilators and are effective as therapeutic agents. The studies reviewed herein: compare the effects of several different Ca2+ channel blockers on resistance and capacitance vessels in different regional microvasculatures (i.e., mesenteric, skeletal muscle, pial) within a single species, namely the rat, by high-resolution TV microscopy, and demonstrate the rationale, effects and mechanisms of action of Mg2+ on regional blood vessels. These data show some of the new, novel synthetic Ca2+ channel blockers (i.e., nisoldipine, nitrendipine, nimodipine) can: exert effects on both arterioles and venules in certain vasculatures; be designed to exert a wide range of potencies; and be designed to act selectively at regional microvasculatures. In addition, the data presented are consistent with the hypothesis that Mg2+ exerts a regulatory role in vascular tone, vascular reactivity and vascular resistance. Certain vascular diseases associated with a Mg2+-deficiency appear to be amenable to treatment with Mg2+.
Tracking the Development of Cerebrovascular Risk Factors Following Pregnancy With Preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the development and management of cerebrovascular risk factors following a pregnancy with preeclampsia. METHODS: This is a retrospective chart review including women diagnosed with preeclampsia between 2012 and 2013 with later encounters within 2014-2016. For each subject that met inclusion criteria, the development of cerebrovascular risk factors was determined using ICD codes within the 2014-2016 electronic medical record (EMR). For subjects who developed risk factors, current treatment was determined from the EMR. Demographic data was also documented. Differences in the development and treatment of risk factors were compared among racial groups and age. Descriptive statistics were calculated using SAS statistical software. RESULTS: Compared to prepregnancy health status, the incidence of hypertension increased by 1.7 times (P < .05), hyperlipidemia increased by 4.5 (P < .05), migraines increased by 2.2 (P < .05), and diabetes mellitus increased by 2 (P < .05) after a pregnancy with preeclampsia. Black non-Hispanics had highest rates of hypertension, obesity, and migraines (20.5%, 9.1%, and 6.8%, respectively.) Of hypertensives, 73.6% (42/57) were prescribed medication. Of diabetics, 88.9% (16/18) were prescribed medication. No patients with hyperlipidemia were prescribed a statin. Black non-Hispanics had higher rates of risk factor management (74.3% of hypertensives and 100% of diabetics treated) than white Hispanics (55% and 77.8%, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: This study shows a significant increased risk of the development of cerebrovascular risk factors such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, migraines, and diabetes following a diagnosis of preeclampsia. Opportunities exist for the early treatment of these risk factors, which could reduce the long-term rate of stroke in these women.
Linking the Perinatal Environment to Neonatal Cardiovascular Outcomes.; Cases of high-risk pregnancies continue to rise throughout the United States and globally, increasing rates of maternal and neonatal morbidity. Common pregnancy complications and morbidities include preterm birth, hypertensive disorders, fetal growth restriction, diabetes mellitus, and chorioamnionitis. Exposure to these perinatal conditions contributes to cardiac morbidities in the fetus and neonate, including altered cardiac growth, congenital heart disease, and cardiac dysfunction. Significant research has demonstrated lasting effects of these pregnancy complications, with increased rates of cardiac morbidities seen in children and adults after these perinatal exposures. The link between the perinatal environment and long-term outcomes has not been fully elucidated. The aim of this review is to discuss the current understanding of the implications of a high-risk pregnancy on fetal and neonatal cardiac development.
The impact of early amniotomy on mode of delivery and pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of early amniotomy in term gestation on the mode of delivery and pregnancy outcome in comparison with premature rupture of membranes (PROM) and oxytocin induction. STUDY DESIGN: The study population consisted of 60 consecutive parturients induced by early amniotomy. The two comparison groups were 147 women admitted with term PROM and 65 patients induced by oxytocin. All study participants were evaluated prospectively and had unfavorable cervical scores. RESULTS: The duration of the first stage of labor was significantly longer in the PROM group (987.8 +/- 572.3 min) as compared with the early amniotomy group (615.0 +/- 389.6 min) and the oxytocin induction group (650.9 +/- 349.5 min, P<0.001). Higher rates of CS were found in the study group (26.7%) as compared to the controls (11.6% in the PROM and 16.9% in the oxytocin groups, p=0.012). Neonatal outcome was similar in all groups. A stratified analysis comparing the risk of CS while controlling for a previous one did not show a significant difference between the early amniotomy and the oxytocin administration groups. CONCLUSIONS: Early amniotomy is associated with a higher rate of CS. While controlling for a previous CS, both ways of induction were comparable. In order to decrease the CS rates, induction should probably start with cervical ripening techniques in order to improve the Bishop scores.
Potential prevention of small for gestational age in Australia: a population-based linkage study.; BACKGROUND: Small for gestational age (SGA) infants are at increased risk of morbidity and mortality. We sought to identify risk factors associated with SGA and examined the potential for reducing the proportion of infants with SGA at a population level. METHODS: Birth and hospital records were linked for births occurring in 2007-2010 in New South Wales, Australia. The analysis was stratified into three groups: preterm births, term births to non-diabetic mothers and term births to diabetic mothers. Logistic regression was used to examine the association between SGA and a range of socio-demographic and behavioural factors and health conditions, with generalised estimating equations to account for correlation among births to the same mother. Model-based population attributable fractions (PAFs) were calculated for risk factors that were considered causative and potentially modifiable. RESULTS: Of 28,126 SGA infants, the largest group was term infants of non-diabetic mothers (88.5%), followed by term infants of diabetic mothers (6.3%) and preterm infants (5.3%). The highest PAFs were for smoking: 12.4% for preterm SGA and 10.3% for term SGA infants of non-diabetic mothers. Other risk factors for SGA that were considered modifiable included: illicit drug dependency or abuse in pregnancy in all three groups, and pregnancy hypertension and late commencement of antenatal care in term infants of non-diabetic mothers, but PAFs were less than 3%. CONCLUSIONS: There are opportunities for modest reduction of the prevalence of SGA through reduction in smoking in pregnancy, and possibly earlier commencement of antenatal care and improved management of high-risk pregnancies.
Oxysterol as a marker of atherogenic dyslipidemia in adolescence.; CONTEXT: Oxysterols represent potentially important oxidative stress biomarkers in adolescence. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the relationship between the concentrations of serum enzymatically and nonenzymatically generated oxysterols, measures of obesity, and metabolic components including insulin resistance and levels of blood pressure and serum lipids. DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study. SETTING: All subjects were examined between 2003 and 2005 at a hospital, a part of a follow-up evaluation mother-daughter pairs representing pregnancies affected or unaffected by gestational diabetes that resulted in the deliveries in 1989-1991. SUBJECTS: Subjects included a subset (n=89) of the total study population of 189 adolescent girls with a mean age of 15.32+/-0.65 yr and body mass index of 22.54+/-3.98 kg/m2. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Measures included serum levels of the oxysterols 7alpha-hydroxy-cholesterol, 7beta-hydroxycholesterol, and 7-ketocholesterol; and body mass index, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index, fasting insulin, fasting glucose, blood pressure, total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B (ApoB). RESULTS: Serum oxysterol concentrations in the adolescent cohort correlated positively with insulin (P<0.05), total cholesterol (P<0.05), non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P<0.05), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P<0.05), and ApoB (P<0.01). ApoB and fasting insulin were found to be the major determinants of serum oxysterols after adjustment for body mass index. Being a daughter of gestational diabetes pregnancy alone did not seem to be a predisposing factor to increased oxidative stress in our cohort. CONCLUSION: Serum oxysterol concentrations increase with obesity, insulin, and ApoB, which are established derangements associated with the metabolic syndrome.
Collagen metabolism in normal and complicated pregnancy: changes in the aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen in serum.; The turnover of type III collagen, a major constituent of the myometrium and the uterine cervix, during pregnancy was evaluated by monitoring serum antigens related to the aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen. Their concentration increased markedly towards term in most uncomplicated pregnancies, while their size distribution throughout the pregnancy resembled that seen in the sera of normal healthy persons. In some patients, however, the level remained low, indicating interindividual variation in the release into serum and metabolism of the propeptide. There were no distinct changes during or immediately after vaginal delivery. Values exceeding the reference range for uncomplicated pregnancies were found during weeks 28-37 in patients with pre-eclampsia, essential hypertension, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy or twin pregnancy. Thus, pregnancy should be taken into account when evaluating results of the serum assay for the aminopropeptide and the use of this assay as an indicator of pregnancy complications warrants further study.
Visual evoked potentials in term light-for-gestational-age infants and infants of diabetic mothers.; The latency and amplitude of the first negative peak of visual evoked potentials (VEP) were evaluated in 52 term infants, investigated within 48 h after birth. Sixteen were light-for-gestational-age (LGA), 16 were appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) and 20 were infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). The VEP latency was shorter in LGA infants compared to AGA infants, and it was closely related to the birth weight deviation. The VEP latency was inversely related to gestational age and positively related to head circumference. When corrected for gestational age and head circumference, the VEP latency was not significantly different between the subgroups, nor related to the birth weight deviation, ponderal index or skinfold thickness. Thus, it could be argued that the high conduction velocity in LGA infants is due to stress maturation or alternatively due to the smaller head circumference. The VEP amplitude was higher in LGA infants when compared with AGA infants, and inversely related to the birth weight deviation. No differences were found in VEP latency or VEP amplitude between IDM and AGA infants.
One consequence of infertility treatment: multifetal pregnancy.; This article discusses the issue of multifetal pregnancy as a result of fertility treatments. Pregnancies with multiple gestations are associated with serious infant and maternal health risks as well as psychological distress and significant financial consequences, and are a far too common consequence of infertility treatments such as assisted reproductive technology (ART) and ovulation induction drugs. Women with multifetal pregnancies are at a higher risk for multiple pregnancy complications and maternal morbidity/mortality as well as stress, depression, and anxiety disorders, especially when there is the threat of a loss of one or more fetuses. The rise in rates of multifetal gestation and the accompanying increased risk to both mother and fetuses have led the American Society for Reproductive Medicine and the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology to develop guidelines to limit the number of transferred embryos during in vitro fertilization. Nurses who work with infertile women are in a position to educate them about the risks, benefits, and alternatives associated with ARTs and multifetal pregnancies, and should endeavor to learn as much as possible about this topic.
Cardiovascular and metabolic outcome in 6-8 year old offspring of women with type 1 diabetes with near-optimal glycaemic control during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: High maternal glucose concentrations during diabetic pregnancy may lead to health problems in the offspring later in life. We showed in a previous nationwide study on pregnancy outcome in type 1 diabetic women that prepregnancy care was good and a near-optimal glycaemic control during pregnancy was achieved (mean HbA1c 6.2%). AIMS: We investigated to what extent current care and treatment of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes were related to cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances in the offspring at school age. Additionally, we studied the influence of level of maternal glycaemic control, preterm birth and neonatal macrosomia (birth weight>p 90). STUDY DESIGN: Observational cohort study. SUBJECTS: 6-8 year old offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (ODM, n=213) and a control group of children of non-diabetic women (n=79). OUTCOME MEASURES: BMI, blood pressure, parameters of fasting glucose regulation and lipid metabolism, components of the metabolic syndrome (overweight, hypertension, impaired fasting glucose, dyslipidaemia). RESULTS: Parameters of fasting glucose regulation and lipid metabolism and the frequency of components of the metabolic syndrome did not significantly differ between ODM and controls. Systolic blood pressure was slightly higher in ODM. The influence of level of maternal glycaemic control, preterm birth and neonatal macrosomia on outcome in ODM was limited. CONCLUSIONS: Current care and treatment of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes result in cardiovascular and metabolic outcome in the offspring at 6-8 years of age that is comparable to that in children of non-diabetic women. Further follow-up should substantiate these results at later age.
Exploring the Feasibility of Use of An Online Dietary Assessment Tool (myfood24) in Women with Gestational Diabetes.; myfood24 is an online 24 hr dietary recall tool developed for nutritional epidemiological research. Its clinical application has been unexplored. This mixed methods study explores the feasibility and usability of myfood24 as a food record in a clinical population, women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Women were asked to complete five myfood24 food records, followed by a user questionnaire (including the System Usability Scale (SUS), a measure of usability), and were invited to participate in a semi-structured interview. Of the 199 participants, the mean age was 33 years, mean booking body mass index (BMI) 29.7 kg/m², 36% primiparous, 57% White, 33% Asian. Of these, 121 (61%) completed myfood24 at least once and 73 (37%) completed the user questionnaire; 15 were interviewed. The SUS was found to be good (mean 70.9, 95% CI 67.1, 74.6). Interviews identified areas for improvement, including optimisation for mobile devices, and as a clinical management tool. This study demonstrates that myfood24 can be used as an online food record in a clinical population, and has the potential to support self-management in women with GDM. However, results should be interpreted cautiously given the responders' demographic characteristics. Further research to explore the barriers and facilitators of uptake in people from ethnic minority and lower socioeconomic backgrounds is recommended.
Peripartum Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea.; The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea is unknown during pregnancy, but the syndrome is likely underdiagnosed and rising in frequency along with the obesity epidemic. Obstructive sleep apnea is associated with adverse outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm, and cesarean delivery. Obese pregnant women should be screened and referred to a sleep medicine specialist for evaluation. Continuous positive airway pressure is the treatment of choice with demonstrated safety and compliance in pregnancy. Early anesthesia consultation allows for preparation and implementation of a peripartum plan that includes early labor analgesia, avoidance of respiratory depressants, and closer monitoring of oxygenation.
Placenta, Secret Witness of Infant Morbidities: The Relationship Between Placental Histology and Outcome of the Premature Infant.; OBJECTIVE: The microscopic and macroscopic features of the placenta can contribute to the clinical understanding of premature delivery. The aim of our study was to figure out the relationship between the histopathological findings of the placentas of premature deliveries and its effects on neonatal morbidity and mortality. MATERIAL AND METHOD: The placentas of 284 singleton preterm infants with < 35 weeks of gestation were examined. Three groups were created as the normal, chorioamnionitis and vasculopathy groups according to the histopathological findings in the placentas of the subjects. RESULTS: The mean gestational age of the infants in the study group was 30.5 ± 3.2 weeks, and the mean birth weight was 1588 ± 581 g. The pathology was normal in ninety-six (33.8%), vasculopathy in 153 (53.9%) and chorioamnionitis in 35 (12.3%). The gestation age of the infants was lower in the chorioamnionitis group. Moreover, retinopathy of prematurity, early onset neonatal sepsis, and duration of respiratory support were found to be higher in the chorioamnionitis group. In the vasculopathy group, preeclampsia and small for gestational age were found to be significantly higher. CONCLUSION: Histopathological findings of the placentas from preterm deliveries provided important data in determining the etiology of preterm delivery and outcomes of infants. Infants delivered by mothers with chorioamnionitis were particularly found to be more preterm, and these preterm infants would have a longer hospital stay, higher respiratory support requirement, and more serious morbidities.
Improved support vector machine algorithm based on the influence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on the outcome of perinatal outcome by ultrasound imaging.; OBJECTIVES: In order to understand the incidence and epidemiological characteristics of gestational diabetes mellitus, the ultrasound imaging of support vector machine processing algorithm was used to clarify the outcome of maternal and neonatal gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: This study selected clinical data of 12,190 pregnant women who were hospitalized for delivery, and were divided into diabetic group (1268 cases) and control group (10922 cases) according to the diagnosis of gestational diabetes. The study was conducted from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2019. Colour Doppler ultrasound was performed to record fatal umbilical artery and brain the middle arteries and uterine arteries which are effective indicators of measuring fatal intrauterine conditions. Chi-square test was used to compare the rates between groups, and multivariate logistic regression was used for labour outcomes. RESULTS: The incidence of diabetes during pregnancy is about 10.4% (1268/12190). Senior citizens and women suffering from obesity increase the risk of gestational diabetes, maternal hypertension disorders in pregnancy, premature rupture of membranes, oligohydramnios, fatal distress, multiple births, malpresentation risk increased significantly (P <0.05) than the control group. In gestational diabetes caesarean section rate was significantly higher (61.0% vs46.4%). Caesarean new born 5-minute Apgar score was significantly lower than the control group (P <0.05). CONCLUSION: In maternal gestational diabetes in high risk pregnancies, complications of pregnancy significantly increase the importance of enhancing weight management and blood glucose monitoring to reduce complications.
Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion vs intensive conventional insulin therapy in pregnant diabetic women: a systematic review and metaanalysis of randomized, controlled trials.; The objective of the study was to study the effects of continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) vs multiple-dose insulin (MDI) therapy on glycemic control and pregnancy outcome in diabetic women. Randomized, controlled trials comparing CSII vs MDI in pregnant diabetic women were included after an electronic database search. Studies were rated for quality independently by 2 reviewers in accordance with the Quality of Reporting of Metaanalyses statement. Summary weighted mean difference and odds ratio were estimated for insulin dose, birthweight, gestational age, mode of delivery, hypoglycemic/ketotic episodes, worsening retinopathy, neonatal hypoglycemia, and rates of intrauterine fetal death. Six randomized clinical trials met the inclusion criteria. Pregnancy outcomes and glycemic control were not significantly different among treatment groups. Higher number of ketoacidotic episodes and diabetic retinopathy found in the CSII group did not reach statistical significance. This systematic review does not show any advantage or disadvantage of using CSII over MDI in pregnant diabetic women. Large multicenter, randomized, controlled trials addressing the quality of life/cost effectiveness are required.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as the initial presentation of mitochondrial disease in an infant born to a diabetic mother.; In contrast to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy caused by maternal diabetes, neonatal mitochondrial cardiomyopathy is rare and has a poor prognosis. We report an infant born to a mother with maternal diabetes with persistent ventricular hypertrophy, who was diagnosed with mitochondrial disease associated with m.3243A>G mutation in a mitochondrial tRNA leucine 1 gene. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was his initial and only clinical presentation.
[Implications of the Barker hypothesis for general practitioners].; The Barker hypothesis states that there are foetal origins of adult disease. The hypothesis is primarily based on epidemiological associations between indicators of foetal malnutrition and mortality and morbidity in adulthood. The first association reported was between birth weight and coronary heart disease. Similar associations were found between birth weight and stroke, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, serum lipids, and premature pubarche. In non-industrialized countries the associations appear to be even stronger. Although the Barker hypothesis has been criticized, the evidence from epidemiological studies and animal experiments appears sufficient to test it further and to consider the possible consequences for the physician. The first consequence could be that in taking a medical history from adults the physician should collect information about intrauterine growth. To facilitate this, communication between obstetricians, specialists in preventive child health care and paediatricians on the one hand and general practitioners and physicians on the other ought to be improved. A low birth weight, particularly smallness for gestational age, can be communicated to the adult patient as a potential risk factor for the diseases mentioned above and an extra reason to abstain from smoking and to avoid overweight.
Maternal hair cortisol concentrations and its association with increased insulin resistance in midpregnancy.; PURPOSE: Stress and elevated maternal glycemia have negative effects on pregnancy. We evaluated the association of hair cortisol concentrations (HCC), a marker of chronic stress, with insulin resistance and gestational diabetes (GDM). METHODS: In total, 527 women from Lima, Peru, provided a hair sample in the second trimester of their pregnancy to measure HCC using liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Each 6 cm of hair captured HCC in early (T1=1-12 weeks) and midpregnancy (T2 = 13-24 weeks). GDM diagnosis was conducted in midpregnancy. Multivariable regression models adjusted for putative risk factorsincluding maternal sociodemographic factors, diabetes history, and hair characteristics, were used to estimate the association of HCC with GDM and various glycemic traits. RESULTS: GDM was diagnosed in 122 (23%) women. Mean HCC across pregnancy was T1 = 3.7 (±3.4) pg/mg and T2 = 4.8 (±3.4) pg/mg. HCC was associated with increased log-transformed units of fasting insulin (T1 = 0.15 [0.03, 0.27], T2 = 0.17 [0.04, 0.30]), homeostasis model assessment for insulin resistance (T1 = 0.14 [0.01, 0.26], T2 = 0.17 [0.03, 0.30]), and homeostasis model assessment for β-cell function (T1 = 0.20 [0.05, 0.34], T2 = 0.20 [0.04, 0.36]), but not with GDM (T1 = 0.95 [0.63, 1.40], T2 = 1.11 [0.74, 1.67]). CONCLUSIONS: Elevated maternal HCC was associated with abnormal insulin homeostasis in pregnancy. Dysregulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, as reflected by high HCC, may also contribute to insulin resistance syndrome in pregnancy.
The relation of insulin, leptin and IGF-1 to birthweight in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes is associated with excess foetal growth. We have assessed the influence of maternal diabetes on hormones associated with foetal growth and the relationship of these hormones to birthweight. DESIGN: Case-control study. PATIENTS: Singleton offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes (ODM, n = 140) and control mothers (Control, n = 49). MEASUREMENTS: Birthweight, cord blood insulin, proinsulin, 32-33 split proinsulin, leptin, IGF-1, IGFBP-3, cortisol. RESULTS: Maternal diabetes was associated with higher birthweight (ODM 3.80 +/- 0.69 kg; Control; 3.56 +/- 0.52 kg, P = 0.02) and marked increases in insulin (median [interquartile range]: ODM 110 [60-217] pmol/l; Control 22 [15-37] pmol/l; P < 0.0001) and leptin (ODM 32 [15-60] ng/ml; Control 9 [4-17] ng/ml; P < 0.0001) but no absolute difference in IGF-1 (ODM 7.9 [6.2-9.8] nmol/l, Control 7.5 [6.2-9.8] nmol/l, P = 0.24) or its principle binding protein IGFBP-3 (ODM 1.63 +/- 0.38 micro g/ml, Control 1.63 +/- 0.28 micro g/ml; P = 0.12). Individually, insulin, insulin propeptides, leptin, IGF-1 and IGFBP-3 were significantly (P < 0.05) correlated with birthweight (in ODM and Control). IGF-1 and leptin were positively related to birthweight independently of each other and insulin in both ODM and Control. By contrast, insulin showed independent relationships to birthweight in ODM (P < 0.0001) but not in Control (P = 0.4). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal diabetes is associated with marked elevation of insulin and leptin in cord blood of their offspring. Hormonal correlates of birthweight differ between ODM and Control with an independent relationship of insulin to birthweight observed only in ODM.
2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Joint Committee on Clinical Practice Guidelines.; AIM: The "2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" replaces the "2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" and the "2017 ACC/AHA/HFSA Focused Update of the 2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure." The 2022 guideline is intended to provide patient-centric recommendations for clinicians to prevent, diagnose, and manage patients with heart failure. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted from May 2020 to December 2020, encompassing studies, reviews, and other evidence conducted on human subjects that were published in English from MEDLINE (PubMed), EMBASE, the Cochrane Collaboration, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and other relevant databases. Additional relevant clinical trials and research studies, published through September 2021, were also considered. This guideline was harmonized with other American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology guidelines published through December 2021. Structure: Heart failure remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. The 2022 heart failure guideline provides recommendations based on contemporary evidence for the treatment of these patients. The recommendations present an evidence-based approach to managing patients with heart failure, with the intent to improve quality of care and align with patients' interests. Many recommendations from the earlier heart failure guidelines have been updated with new evidence, and new recommendations have been created when supported by published data. Value statements are provided for certain treatments with high-quality published economic analyses.
2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure: Executive Summary: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Joint Committee on Clinical Practice Guidelines.; AIM: The "2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" replaces the "2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" and the "2017 ACC/AHA/HFSA Focused Update of the 2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure." The 2022 guideline is intended to provide patient-centric recommendations for clinicians to prevent, diagnose, and manage patients with heart failure. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted from May 2020 to December 2020, encompassing studies, reviews, and other evidence conducted on human subjects that were published in English from MEDLINE (PubMed), EMBASE, the Cochrane Collaboration, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and other relevant databases. Additional relevant clinical trials and research studies, published through September 2021, were also considered. This guideline was harmonized with other American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology guidelines published through December 2021. Structure: Heart failure remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. The 2022 heart failure guideline provides recommendations based on contemporary evidence for the treatment of these patients. The recommendations present an evidence-based approach to managing patients with heart failure, with the intent to improve quality of care and align with patients' interests. Many recommendations from the earlier heart failure guidelines have been updated with new evidence, and new recommendations have been created when supported by published data. Value statements are provided for certain treatments with high-quality published economic analyses.
Peroneal nerve palsy: a complication of umbilical artery catheterization in the full-term newborn of a mother with diabetes.; Umbilical artery catheters are an essential aid in the treatment of newborn infants who have cardiopulmonary disease. However, it is well-known that umbilical artery catheterization is associated with complications. The most frequent visible problem in an umbilical line is blanching or cyanosis of part or all of a distal extremity or the buttock area resulting from either vasospasm or a thrombotic or embolic incidence. Ischemic necrosis of the gluteal region is a rare complication of umbilical artery catheterization. We report the case of a full-term infant of an insulin-dependent diabetic mother with poor blood glucose control who developed a left peroneal nerve palsy after ischemic necrosis of the gluteal region after umbilical artery catheterization. The infant was born weighing 5050 g. The mother of the infant had preexisting diabetes mellitus that was treated with insulin from the age of 14 years. The metabolic control of the mother had been unstable both before and during the pregnancy. The neonate developed respiratory distress syndrome soon after birth and was immediately transferred to the neonatal intensive care unit. Mechanical ventilation via endotracheal tube was quickly considered necessary after rapid pulmonary deterioration. Her blood glucose levels were 13 mg/dL. A 3.5-gauge umbilical catheter was inserted into the left umbilical artery for blood sampling without difficulty when the infant required 100% oxygen to maintain satisfactory arterial oxygen pressure. Femoral pulses and circulation in the lower limbs were normal immediately before and after catheterization. A radiograph, which was taken immediately, showed the tip of the catheter to be at a level between the fourth and fifth sacral vertebrae. The catheter was removed immediately. Circulation and femoral pulses were normal and no blanching of the skin was observed. Another catheter was repositioned and the tip was confirmed radiologically to be in the thoracic aorta between the sixth and seventh thoracic vertebrae. The catheter was continuously flushed with heparinized solution. Three days after umbilical arterial catheterization, bruising was observed over the left gluteal region. The catheter was immediately removed despite its correct position. Over the next few days, the bruised skin and underlying tissues became necrotic. The area affected was 3 x 4 cm in diameter, with central necrosis surrounded by a rim of dark, red skin, which, in turn, was sharply demarcated from normal skin by a narrow, pale zone. Surgical excision of the gluteal necrosis was performed, but a deep ulcer 3 cm in diameter was left. The gluteal ulcer required 1 month to heal completely with extensive scar tissue formation. Throughout this period, the infant showed active movements in all of her limbs. At 4 weeks of age deterioration of all movement below the left knee with a dropping foot was observed. Severe peroneal nerve palsy was confirmed through nerve conduction studies, and there was electromyographic evidence of degeneration of the muscles supplied by the peroneal branch of the sciatic nerve. A Doppler study, which was also conducted, revealed no vascular damage. Treatment with physiotherapy and night-splinting of the left ankle was instituted. Repeated examination and nerve conduction tests at 3 months showed slow improvement with the left peroneal nerve remaining nonexcitable. At the time of this writing, the infant is 6 months old, and muscular strength below the left knee is still weak and atrophic changes in the form of muscle-wasting are already present. The rest of her motor development is normal. In our case, gangrene of the buttocks and sciatic nerve palsy followed displacement of the tip of the catheter into the inferior gluteal artery, a main branch of the internal iliac artery supplying the gluteus maximus, the overlying skin, and the sciatic nerve. The gangrenous changes were probably caused by vascular occlusion resulting from catheter-induced vasospasm of the inferior gluteal artery. Sciatic nerve palsy associated with umbilical artery catheterization has been postulated to be caused by vascular occlusion of the inferior gluteal artery. Infants of diabetic mothers may exhibit changes in coagulation factors and be at increased risk of thrombotic complications in utero and postnatally. In addition, maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased incidence of congenital abnormalities, the incidence of which is 3 to 5 times higher than that among nondiabetic mothers. Although no particular or specific abnormalities have been associated with maternal disabilities, abnormalities of the cardiovascular system, including the development of umbilical vessels, frequently occur. This complication of umbilical artery catheterization has not been widely reported. We describe the first case that refers to gluteal gangrene and peroneal nerve palsy after umbilical artery catheterization of a newborn infant of a diabetic mother with poor blood glucose control. It should be noted that there were no contributing factors except that of the displacement of the catheter into the inferior gluteal artery. We speculate that the displacement of the tip of the catheter, with no difficulty in the present case, was associated with the maldevelopment of normal branching patterns of arteries after exposure of the fetus to hyperglycemia. In conclusion, umbilical artery catheterization is possibly associated with vascular occlusion, particularly in infants of diabetic mothers. Frequent inspection after the procedure has been performed is of the utmost importance especially in these neonates who often suffer from cardiopulmonary disease and require catheterization of their umbilical artery.
The early origins of chronic heart failure: impaired placental growth and initiation of insulin resistance in childhood.; AIMS: Low birth weight and low placental weight predict later coronary heart disease and hypertension. This has led to the hypothesis that these diseases are initiated by foetal programming, the process by which foetal malnutrition leads to permanent changes in the body in ways that lead to chronic disease in later life. Here we examine the association between body and placental size at birth and later chronic heart failure. METHODS AND RESULTS: We identified 187 patients taking medications for chronic heart failure in a birth cohort of 13,345 people born in Helsinki, Finland during 1934-44. Chronic heart failure was associated with a small placental surface area. In people born with a placental area less than 225 cm(2), the odds ratio for chronic heart failure was 1.7 (1.1-2.5), compared with people born with a placental area greater than 295 cm(2). The risk of heart failure was further increased by rapid gain in body mass index after the age of 2 years, a path of growth known to be linked to insulin resistance in later life. In a simultaneous regression, low body mass index at 2 years and high body mass index at 11 years were each associated with chronic heart failure (P = 0.008 and 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Chronic heart failure in adult life may be initiated by impaired placental growth which adversely affects cardiac development. People born with a vulnerable heart are more likely to develop chronic heart failure if they become insulin resistant.
The impact of single-step and sequential embryo culture systems on obstetric and perinatal outcomes in singleton pregnancies: the Massachusetts Outcomes Study of Assisted Reproductive Technology.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the obstetric and perinatal outcomes of deliveries conceived with embryos from single-step vs. sequential culture media systems. DESIGN: Historical cohort of Massachusetts vital records linked to assisted reproductive technology clinic data from the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology Clinic Outcome Reporting System and laboratory embryology data from two large academic hospital fertility centers. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENTS: Patients with singleton live birth deliveries between 2004 and 2017 conceived with autologous assisted reproductive technology cycles with fresh blastocyst transfer using either single-step (n = 1,058) or sequential (n = 474) culture media systems. INTERVENTIONS: None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Associations of single-step vs. sequential culture with obstetric outcomes (mode of delivery, placental abnormalities, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and gestational diabetes) and perinatal outcomes (preterm birth, low birthweight, small-for-gestational-age, and large-for-gestational-age [LGA]) were assessed with multivariate logistic modeling, adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, parity, insurance type, protein supplementation, oxygen concentration, fertilization method, and number of transferred embryos. RESULTS: Compared with sequential culture, single-step culture was associated with increased odds of LGA (adjusted odds ratio 2.1, 95% confidence interval 1.04-4.22). There were no statistically significant differences between single-step and sequential culture media systems in the odds of placental abnormalities, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, prematurity, small-for-gestational-age, or low birthweight. CONCLUSIONS: Single-step culture is associated with increased odds of LGA, indicating that embryo culture media systems may affect perinatal outcomes.
White coat hypertension in early pregnancy in women with pre-existing diabetes: prevalence and pregnancy outcomes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Hypertensive disorders are prevalent among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes, but the prevalence and impact of white coat hypertension are unknown. Measurement of home BP before initiation of antihypertensive treatment is necessary to identify white coat hypertension since international guidelines recommend that white coat hypertension is left untreated. The aim of this study, conducted among women with pre-existing diabetes, was therefore to examine the prevalence of white coat hypertension in early pregnancy, and pregnancy outcome in women with white coat hypertension in early pregnancy. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was undertaken involving women with pre-existing diabetes from a geographically well-defined area. Based on office BP in early pregnancy and home BP measured for 3 days, women were categorised in three groups: (1) white coat hypertension, defined as office BP ≥ 135/85 mmHg and mean home BP < 130/80 mmHg; (2) chronic hypertension, defined as pre-pregnancy hypertension including newly detected office BP ≥ 135/85 mmHg with home BP ≥ 130/80 mmHg; and (3) normotension. Office BP was measured every 2 weeks and, if ≥ 135/85 mmHg, home BP measurements were performed. White coat hypertension was left untreated, and tight antihypertensive treatment was initiated when both office BP ≥ 135/85 mmHg and home BP ≥ 130/80 mmHg. Pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders were defined as office BP ≥ 140/90 mmHg with home BP ≥ 130/80 mmHg when available, with onset after 20 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: In total, 32 out of 222 women with pre-existing diabetes had newly detected office BP ≥ 135/85 mmHg in early pregnancy. White coat hypertension was present in 84% (27/32) of these women, representing 12% (95% CI 8%, 17%) of the whole cohort. Chronic hypertension was present in 14% (n = 32) and normotension in 74% (n = 163). Women with white coat hypertension were characterised by higher pre-pregnancy BMI (p = 0.011), higher home BP (p < 0.001) and higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes (p = 0.009), but similar HbA(1c) (p = 0.409) compared to women with normotension. Regarding pregnancy outcome, pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders developed in 44% (12/27) of women with white coat hypertension in comparison with 22% (36/163) among initially normotensive women (p = 0.013), while the prevalence of preterm delivery was comparable (p = 0.143). The adjusted analysis, performed post hoc, suggested approximately double the risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders (OR 2.43 [CI 0.98, 6.05]) if white coat hypertension was present in early pregnancy, independently of pre-pregnancy BMI and parity. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: White coat hypertension is prevalent in women with pre-existing diabetes and may indicate a high risk of later development of pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders. To distinguish between persistent white coat hypertension and onset of pregnancy-induced hypertension, repeated home BP monitoring is recommended when elevated office BP is detected. The study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (ID: NCT02890836).
Arterial stiffness in fertile women with metabolic syndrome.; INTRODUCTION: Although metabolic syndrome (MetS) is evidently associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), recently its use has been questioned. We studied the utility of MetS diagnosis when estimating individual CVD risk. METHODS: We compared 27 fertile women with MetS and 27 counterparts without the syndrome, matched pairwise according to well-known risk factors of CVD. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) and central blood pressure (cBP) were determined noninvasively via a SphygmoCor device. Arterial compliance was measured noninvasively with an HDI/PulseWave(TM)CR-2000 arterial tonometer. RESULTS: PWV (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 6.5 ± 1.1 m/s, p = .037), and both systolic (120.9 ± 12.2 versus 111.5 ± 16.0 mmHg, p = .031) and diastolic cBP (81.3 ± 8.5 versus 74.1 ± 11.2 mmHg, p = .035) were higher in the MetS group. Systemic arterial compliance values were lower in both large (15.1 ± 8.0 versus 16.1 ± 4.4 mL/mmHg × 10, p = .034) and small arteries (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 9.3 ± 3.2 mL/mmHg ×100, p = .010) in women with MetS. CONCLUSIONS: Fertile women with MetS had increased arterial stiffness, as measured by three different methods. Our results highlight the utility of MetS when revealing increased individual CVD risks in fertile-aged women. Key messages Women with MetS have increased arterial stiffness when measured by different methods. MetS is a useful clinical tool to assess increased cardiovascular risk, particularly among fertile-aged women.
Thrombotic risk in thalassemic patients.; Hemostatic parameters of 495 beta-thalassemic patients (421 with thalassemia major and 74 with thalassemia intermedia) were analyzed, to assess their association with the described thrombophilic condition and to verify the role of additional risk factors (e.g. persistent postsplenectomy thrombocytosis, insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, estrogen-progestin treatment and atrial fibrillation). The prevalence of thromboembolic accidents was 5.2% and in four patients (15.3%) inherited or acquired predisposing defects were recognized. The incidence of thromboembolic events and the associated relative risk due to hemocoagulative abnormalities in these patients are discussed.
Prospective longitudinal assessment of the fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index.; INTRODUCTION: The fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod-myocardial performance index (MPI)) is a measure of systolic versus diastolic time intervals obtained from a single cardiac cycle with ultrasound. It is a measure of global ventricular function and has been investigated for potential utility in fetal conditions associated with cardiac dysfunction. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study is to compare values from a precisely replicated fetal left Mod-MPI technique to published reference ranges. METHODS: Three hundred and sixty-five nulliparae prospectively underwent fetal left Mod-MPI measurement at 27(+0)-29(+0) and 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' gestation. Measurements from pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, or a small-for-gestational-age (<10th centile) infant were excluded. Mod-MPI values were compared with three published references created using similar measurement techniques. RESULTS: Compared with one selected reference, at 29(+0) and 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' gestation, 90-100% of our values fell within the 5th-95th percentile range as expected. Thus, this reference range was validated for our population in late pregnancy. However, the expected level of concordance was not seen at 27(+0)-28(+6) weeks'. The other two references to which we compared our Mod-MPI values demonstrated poor concordance, especially at 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks'. Pearson interobserver correlation was also improved at 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' at 0.434, compared with 0.083 at 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks' gestation. CONCLUSIONS: Concordance and interobserver variability between our cohort and similar populations were both improved at 35(+0)-37(+0) weeks' compared with 27(+0)-29(+0) weeks' gestation. Overall, variable Mod-MPI reproducibility across gestations limits clinical application, especially earlier in pregnancy. Manual Mod-MPI measurement should be considered most reliable in late pregnancy until automated MPI measurement is possible.
Maternal risk factors for term neonatal seizures: population-based study in Colorado, 1989-2003.; Neonatal seizures in term infants are rare but have important potential implications for brain development. Risk factors for neonatal seizures in term infants have been less well defined than those among preterm infants. To evaluate the relationship between maternal risk factors and neonatal seizures in the first 72 hours of life in term infants, a case-control study using the Colorado Birth Certificate Registry was conducted. Term neonates in all hospitals in Colorado with and without seizures in the first 72 hours were studied. After adjusting for vaginal delivery in the setting of herpes infection and post-term delivery, preexisting diabetes in the mother (odds ratio 4.30, 95% confidence interval 1.64-11.27, P < .01) and fetal distress (odds ratio 5.88, 95% confidence interval 4.60-7.13, P < .0001) were independent risk factors for neonatal seizures in term infants. These findings are confirmatory of previous reports that maternal preexisting diabetes and fetal distress increase the risk of neonatal seizure in term infants. Although we cannot establish the pathophysiology of neonatal seizures from this analysis, hypoxic-ischemic brain injury and hypoglycemia in infants of diabetic mothers are known causes of neonatal seizures that can be represented in this analysis by fetal distress and maternal preexisting diabetes, respectively. Maternal diabetic vasculopathy can also be a contributing factor.
Embryonic oxidative stress as a mechanism of teratogenesis with special emphasis on diabetic embryopathy.; Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are involved in the etiology of numerous diseases including cardio-vascular diseases and diabetes mellitus. There is evidence that several teratogens affect the developing embryo by increasing its oxidative stress and, because of its relatively weak antioxidant defense, especially at the early stages of organogenesis, result in severe embryonic damage. This mechanism seems to operate in diabetes-induced embryonic damage as well as in the mechanism of teratogenicity caused by ionizing radiation, hypoxia, alcohol and cocaine use and cigarette smoking. We studied the role of oxidative stress in diabetic induced embryopathy, both in vivo and in vitro. Under diabetic condition there was a significant decrease in the activity of endogenous antioxidant enzymes and of vitamins C and E in the embryos and their yolk sacs. The lowest activity was observed in the malformed experimental embryos when compared to experimental embryos without anomalies. Similar results were obtained in the Cohen diabetic rats, where the diabetic prone (CDs) rats were unable to increase their antioxidant enzyme activity in spite of the diabetes. Studies performed by other investigators show similar results. Human and animal studies show that the main mechanism of fetal damage induced by high levels of ionizing irradiation, cocaine and alcohol abuse, hypoxia and cigarette smoking is also by increased embryonic oxidative stress. Similarly, several drugs exert their teratogenic activity via embryonic oxidative stress. Abnormal placentation may also cause enhanced placental oxidative stress, resulting in embryonic death, preeclampsia or congenital anomalies. Inability of the developing embryo to cope with that stress may result in embryonic death and/or congenital anomalies. Animal studies also show that a variety of antioxidants are effective in decreasing the damaging effects of heightened oxidative stress induced by teratogens. Effective antioxidants, which might also be of clinical use, include vitamins C and E, carotenoids, folic acid, as well as synthetic products. Appropriate clinical studies with antioxidants in pregnancies of high risk to develop oxidative stress are needed, since non-toxic antioxidants might prove an efficient and inexpensive way to reduce the rate of some serious and sometimes fatal congenital anomalies.
Neonatal macrosomia is an independent risk factor for adult metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Weight in infancy correlates with risk of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and obesity in adulthood. Clinical observations have been confounded by obesity-prone genotypes and obesity-linked lifestyles. OBJECTIVES: To define the effects of isolated neonatal macrosomia in isogenic animals, we compared macrosomic and control C57Bl6 mice co-fostered by healthy dams receiving standard laboratory feed. METHODS: Naturally occurring neonatal macrosomia was identified by a gender-specific weanling weight above the 90th percentile for the colony. Macrosomic and control mice were phenotyped in adulthood by exercise wheel, tail cuff and intraperitoneal insulin or glucose challenge. RESULTS: Compared to control males, adult males with a history of neonatal macrosomia had significantly increased body weight, reduced voluntary activity, insulin resistance, fasting hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. In contrast, adult females with neonatal macrosomia had no significant alteration in body weight or endocrine phenotypes, but did have higher blood pressures and lower heart rates than control females. After these baseline studies, all mice were switched to a hypercaloric, high fat diet (5 kcal/g, 45% of energy as fat). Twenty weeks later, male mice had impaired glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, independent of their weanling weight classification. While on high fat feeds, macrosomic males maintained a significantly higher body weight than control males. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that (1) in our murine model, neonatal macrosomia is an independent risk factor of adult metabolic syndrome, and (2) neonatal macrosomia accentuates the sexually dimorphic predisposition of C57Bl6 male mice towards glucose intolerance and C57Bl6 female mice towards hypertension.
Comparison of umbilical Doppler velocimetry, nonstress testing, and biophysical profile in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.; The purpose of this study was to determine which test is best for predicting adverse outcomes in pregnancies complicated by diabetes: the nonstress test, biophysical profile, or umbilical artery velocimetry. We evaluated 207 singleton pregnancies complicated by diabetes within 1 week of delivery using the afore-mentioned pregnancy surveillance tests. Adverse pregnancy outcome was defined as delivery before 37 weeks of gestation or the occurrence of fetal growth restriction, hypocalcemia, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress syndrome, or fetal risk requiring cesarean delivery. The prognostic value of each of the three tests was assessed, after controlling for the mothers' White classification and third trimester glycosylated hemoglobin value. Among the 207 pregnancies, 75 (36.2%) had an adverse outcome. In pregnancies in which the umbilical artery systolic to diastolic ratio was > or = 3.0, the relative risk of adverse outcome was 2.6 (95% confidence interval: 1.9-3.5, P < 0.001). For those with a biophysical profile < or = 6 the relative risk was 1.7 (95% confidence interval: 0.9-2.9, P = 0.109). Patients with a nonreactive nonstress test had a relative risk of 1.7 (95% confidence interval: 1.2-2.5, P = 0.009). Umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry was superior to either the nonstress test or the biophysical profile in identifying the subgroup of pregnancies complicated by diabetes that resulted in an adverse outcome.
Holoprosencephaly and trisomy 21 in a child born to a nondiabetic mother.; This is the second reported case of a child with holoprosencephaly and trisomy 21. The first case was born to a diabetic woman; in our case, there was no evidence of diabetes in the mother. Most of the distinctive facial features of Down syndrome were obscured by the presence of cyclopia and a supraorbital proboscis in this infant. The relevance of chromosome analysis in cases with holoprosencephaly is discussed.
Influence of maternal obesity on the association between common pregnancy complications and risk of childhood obesity: an individual participant data meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes and gestational hypertensive disorders are associated with offspring obesity, but the role of maternal adiposity in these associations remains unclear. We aimed to investigate whether these pregnancy complications affect the odds of offspring obesity independently of maternal obesity. METHODS: We did an individual participant data (IPD) meta-analysis of mother-offspring pairs from prospective birth cohort studies that had IPD on mothers with singleton liveborn children born from 1989 onwards and had information available about maternal gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia, and childhood body-mass index (BMI). We applied multilevel mixed-effects models to assess associations of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and pre-eclampsia with BMI SD scores and the odds of overweight and obesity throughout childhood, adjusting for lifestyle characteristics (offspring's sex, maternal age, educational level, ethnicity, parity, and smoking during pregnancy). We then explored the extent to which any association was explained by maternal pre-pregnancy or early-pregnancy BMI. FINDINGS: 160 757 mother-offspring pairs from 34 European or North American cohorts were analysed. Compared with uncomplicated pregnancies, gestational diabetes was associated with increased odds of overweight or obesity throughout childhood (odds ratio [OR] 1·59 [95% CI 1·36 to 1·86] for early childhood [age 2·0-4·9 years], 1·41 [1·26 to 1·57] for mid childhood [5·0-9·9 years], and 1·32 [0·97 to 1·78] for late childhood [10·0-17·9 years]); however, these associations attenuated towards the null following adjustment for maternal BMI (OR 1·35 [95% CI 1·15 to 1·58] for early childhood, 1·12 [1·00 to 1·25] for mid childhood, and 0·96 [0·71 to 1·31] for late childhood). Likewise, gestational hypertension was associated with increased odds of overweight throughout childhood (OR 1·19 [95% CI 1·01 to 1·39] for early childhood, 1·23 [1·15 to 1·32] for mid childhood, and 1·49 [1·30 to 1·70] for late childhood), but additional adjustment for maternal BMI largely explained these associations (1·01 [95% CI 0·86 to 1·19] for early childhood, 1·02 [0·95 to 1·10] for mid childhood, and 1·18 [1·03 to 1·36] for late childhood). Pre-eclampsia was associated with decreased BMI in early childhood only (difference in BMI SD score -0·05 SD score [95% CI -0·09 to -0·01]), and this association strengthened following additional adjustment for maternal BMI. INTERPRETATION: Although lowering maternal risk of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and pre-eclampsia is important in relation to maternal and fetal pregnancy outcomes, such interventions are unlikely to have a direct impact on childhood obesity. Preventive strategies for reducing childhood obesity should focus on maternal BMI rather than on pregnancy complications. FUNDING: EU's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme (LifeCycle Project).
CENTRAL RETINAL VEIN OCCLUSION WITH SEVERE MACULAR EDEMA IN EARLY PREGNANCY.; PURPOSE: To report the clinical course and treatment outcomes of a patient with central retinal vein occlusion with severe macular edema in early pregnancy. METHODS: Interventional case report. RESULTS: A 39-year-old woman with gestational diabetes mellitus and a 15-pack year smoking history presented at 7 weeks gestation with decreased vision due to central retinal vein occlusion with marked macular edema. One month later, visual acuity had decreased to 20/400, and macular edema had worsened to a central subfield thickness of 1,432 μ m. She was treated with a single intravitreal dexamethasone implant at 16 weeks gestation. She responded well with visual acuity improving to 20/40+ and complete resolution of macular edema. At 33 weeks gestation, the cystoid macular edema recurred, but the patient refused treatment. The cystoid macular edema spontaneously resolved 3 weeks postpartum but recurred 3 months later with visual acuity worsening to 20/50. This macular edema resolved completely after a single 1.25 mg bevacizumab injection. She required no further treatment, and 23 months later, her macula was dry with visual acuity of 20/25. Her baby was healthy. CONCLUSION: Although pregnancy seems to aggravate central retinal vein occlusion -associated macular edema, the visual loss may be reversible. Intravitreal steroid seems to be effective during pregnancy with no apparent systemic or fetal complications. Young patients with retinal vein occlusion and center-involving macular edema may stabilize with minimal treatment.
Vitamin D Supplementation Improves Mitochondrial Function and Reduces Inflammation in Placentae of Obese Women.; BACKGROUND: About 30% of women entering pregnancy in the US are obese. We have previously reported mitochondrial dysregulation and increased inflammation in the placentae of obese women. Vitamin D (VitD) is a major player in calcium uptake and was shown to modulate mitochondrial respiration and the immune/inflammation system. Studies show decreased VitD levels in obese individuals; however, the effect of maternal obesity on VitD metabolism and its association with placental function remains understudied. METHODS: Maternal and cord blood plasma and placental samples were collected upon C-section from normal-weight (NW, body mass index [BMI]<25) and obese (OB, BMI>30) women with uncomplicated pregnancies at term. We measured 25(OH)D(3) (calcidiol) levels in maternal and cord blood plasma using ELISA. We assessed the expression of CYP27B1, an activator of calcidiol, and Vitamin D receptor (VDR) in placentae from NW and OB, and women with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In addition, we examined the effects of VitD supplementation on mitochondrial function and inflammation in trophoblasts from NW and OB, using the Seahorse Bioanalyzer and Western blot, respectively. RESULTS: Vitamin D levels in blood from OB but not NW women and in cord blood from babies born to NW and OB women showed a significant inverse correlation with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (r=-0.50, p<0.1 and r=-0.55, p=0.004 respectively). Cord plasma VitD levels showed a positive correlation with placental efficiency, i.e., the ratio between fetal and placental weight, as well as with maternal blood VitD levels (r=0.69 and 0.83 respectively, p<0.00). While we found no changes in CYP27B1 in OB vs. NW women, VDR expression were decreased by 50% (p<0.03) independent of fetal sex. No changes in VDR expression relative to BMI-matched controls were observed in the placentae of women with gestational diabetes or preeclampsia. Cytotrophoblasts isolated from placentae of OB women showed a dose-dependent increase in VDR expression after 24-hour treatment with calcitriol (10 nM and 100 nM), an active form of VitD. Trophoblasts isolated from OB women and treated with calcitriol improved mitochondrial respiration (p<0.05). We also found a two-fold increase in expression of the NLRP3 inflammasome and the pro-inflammatory cytokine IL-18 in trophoblasts isolated from placentae of OB women (p<0.05), with IL-18 expression being reversed by calcitriol treatment (100 nM). CONCLUSIONS: We show that VitD deficiency is at least partially responsible for mitochondrial dysfunction and increased inflammation in the placentae of obese women. Vitamin D supplementation could be beneficial in improving placental dysfunction seen in obese women.
Impact of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring cardiovascular health in early adolescence.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus, influence maternal cardiovascular health long after pregnancy, but their relationship to offspring cardiovascular health following in-utero exposure remains uncertain. OBJECTIVE: To examine associations of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus with offspring cardiovascular health in early adolescence. STUDY DESIGN: This analysis used data from the prospective Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Study from 2000 to 2006 and the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Follow-Up Study from 2013 to 2016. This analysis included 3317 mother-child dyads from 10 field centers, comprising 70.8% of Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Follow-Up Study participants. Those with pregestational diabetes and chronic hypertension were excluded. The exposures included having any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus vs not having hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus, respectively (reference). The outcome was offspring cardiovascular health when aged 10-14 years, on the basis of 4 metrics: body mass index, blood pressure, total cholesterol level, and glucose level. Each metric was categorized as ideal, intermediate, or poor using a framework provided by the American Heart Association. The primary outcome was defined as having at least 1 cardiovascular health metric that was nonideal vs all ideal (reference), and the second outcome was the number of nonideal cardiovascular health metrics (ie, at least 1 intermediate metric, 1 poor metric, or at least 2 poor metrics vs all ideal [reference]). Modified poisson regression with robust error variance was used and adjusted for covariates at pregnancy enrollment, including field center, parity, age, gestational age, alcohol or tobacco use, child's assigned sex at birth, and child's age at follow-up. RESULTS: Among 3317 maternal-child dyads, the median (interquartile) ages were 30.4 (25.6-33.9) years for pregnant individuals and 11.6 (10.9-12.3) years for children. During pregnancy, 10.4% of individuals developed hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and 14.6% developed gestational diabetes mellitus. At follow-up, 55.5% of offspring had at least 1 nonideal cardiovascular health metric. In adjusted models, having hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted risk ratio, 1.14 [95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.25]) or having gestational diabetes mellitus (adjusted risk ratio, 1.10 [95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.19]) was associated with a greater risk that offspring developed less-than-ideal cardiovascular health when aged 10-14 years. The above associations strengthened in magnitude as the severity of adverse cardiovascular health metrics increased (ie, with the outcome measured as ≥1 intermediate, 1 poor, and ≥2 poor adverse metrics), albeit the only statistically significant association was with the "1-poor-metric" exposure. CONCLUSION: In this multinational prospective cohort, pregnant individuals who experienced either hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes mellitus were at significantly increased risk of having offspring with worse cardiovascular health in early adolescence. Reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes and increasing surveillance with targeted interventions after an adverse pregnancy outcome should be studied as potential avenues to enhance long-term cardiovascular health in the offspring exposed in utero.
Fetal growth restriction in a cohort of migrants in Germany.; BACKGROUND: Migrant women may have an increased risk of adverse birth outcomes. This study analyses the occurrence of low birth weight, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction / fetal growth restriction (IUGR/FGR) in pregnant migrants. METHOD: Cross-sectional study of 82 mother-child pairs of pregnant migrants attending medical care in Germany. RESULTS: The Median age was 27 years, 49% of patients were of oriental-asian ethnicity and median year of migration was 2015. At least one previous pregnancy was reported in 76% of patients, in 40% the delivery mode was caesarian section. Median gestational age was 39.7 weeks. Preterm birth occurred in 6.1% of pregnancies. Median gestational age for preterm birth was 32.3 weeks. Low birth weight (< 2500 g) occurred in 6.1%. Birth weights below the 10th percentile of birth weight for gestational age were observed in 8.5% of the total cohort. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to German data no increased occurrence of low birth weight, preterm birth or IUGR/FGR was found. We note that the rate of caesarian section births was higher than in the general population for reasons yet to be identified. The authors propose stratification according to migration status for the national documentation of birth outcomes in Germany.
Asthma in pregnancy.; Although about 1% of pregnant women have asthma, it is often underrecognized and suboptimally treated. The course of asthma during pregnancy varies; it improves, remains stable, or worsens in similar proportions of women. The risk of an asthma exacerbation is high immediately postpartum, but the severity of asthma usually returns to the preconception level after delivery and often follows a similar course during subsequent pregnancies. Changes in beta(2)-adrenoceptor responsiveness and changes in airway inflammation induced by high levels of circulating progesterone have been proposed as possible explanations for the effects of pregnancy on asthma. Good control of asthma is essential for maternal and fetal well-being. Acute asthmatic attacks can result in dangerously low fetal oxygenation. Chronically poor control is associated with pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and uterine hemorrhage, as well as greater rates of cesarian section, preterm delivery, intrauterine growth retardation, low birth weight, and congenital malformation. Women with well-controlled asthma during pregnancy, however, have outcomes as good as those in their nonasthmatic counterparts. Inhaled therapies remain the cornerstone of treatment; most appear to be safe in pregnancy.
Adverse live-born pregnancy outcomes among pregnant people with anorexia nervosa.; BACKGROUND: Previous findings related to the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with anorexia nervosa are mixed. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the association of adverse live-born pregnancy outcomes with anorexia nervosa using adjustment modeling accounting for confounding factors, and a mediation analysis addressing the contribution of underweight prepregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain to those outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: The sample included California live-born singletons with births between 2007 and 2021. The administrative data set contained birth certificates linked to hospital discharge records. Anorexia nervosa diagnosis during pregnancy was obtained from International Classification of Diseases codes on hospital discharge records. Adverse pregnancy outcomes examined included gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, anemia, antepartum hemorrhage, premature rupture of membranes, premature labor, cesarean delivery, oligohydramnios, placenta previa, chorioamnionitis, placental abruption, severe maternal morbidity, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, low birthweight, and preterm birth (by timing and indication). Risk of each adverse outcome was calculated using Poisson regression models. Unadjusted risk of each adverse outcome was calculated, and then the risks were adjusted for demographic factors. The final adjusted model included demographic factors, anxiety, depression, substance use, and smoking. A mediation analysis was performed to estimate the excess risk of adverse outcomes mediated by underweight prepregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain below the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommendation. RESULTS: The sample included 241 pregnant people with a diagnosis of anorexia nervosa and 6,418,236 pregnant people without an eating disorder diagnosis. An anorexia nervosa diagnosis during pregnancy was associated with many adverse pregnancy outcomes in unadjusted models (relative risks ranged from 1.65 [preeclampsia] to 3.56 [antepartum hemorrhage]) in comparison with people without an eating disorder diagnosis. In the final adjusted models, birthing people with an anorexia nervosa diagnosis were more likely to have anemia, preterm labor, oligohydramnios, severe maternal morbidity, a small for gestational age or low-birthweight infant, and preterm birth between 32 and 36 weeks with spontaneous preterm labor (adjusted relative risks ranged from 1.43 to 2.55). Underweight prepregnancy body mass index mediated 7.78% of the excess in preterm births and 18.00% of the excess in small for gestational age infants. Gestational weight gain below the recommendation mediated 38.89% of the excess in preterm births and 40.44% of the excess in low-birthweight infants. CONCLUSION: Anorexia nervosa diagnosis during pregnancy was associated with a number of clinically important adverse pregnancy outcomes in comparison with people without an eating disorder diagnosis. Adjusting for anxiety, depression, substance use, and smoking during pregnancy decreased this risk. A substantial percentage of the excess risk of adverse outcomes was mediated by an underweight prepregnancy body mass index, and an even larger proportion of excess risk was mediated by gestational weight gain below the recommendation. This information is important for clinicians to consider when caring for patients with anorexia nervosa. Considering and treating anorexia nervosa and comorbid conditions and counseling patients about mediating factors such as preconception weight and gestational weight gain may improve live-born pregnancy outcomes among people with anorexia nervosa.
Management of type 2 diabetes in young adults aged 18-30 years: ADS/ADEA/APEG consensus statement.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes in young adults (nominally, 18-30 years of age) is a more aggressive condition than that seen in older age, with a greater risk of major morbidity and early mortality. This first Australian consensus statement on the management of type 2 diabetes in young adults considers areas where existing type 2 diabetes guidance, directed mainly towards older adults, may not be appropriate or relevant for the young adult population. Where applicable, recommendations are harmonised with current national guidance for type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents (aged < 18 years). The full statement is available at https://www.diabetessociety.com.au, https://www.adea.com.au and https://www.apeg.org.au. MAIN RECOMMENDATIONS: Advice is provided on important aspects of care including screening, diabetes type, psychological care, lifestyle, glycaemic targets, pharmacological agents, cardiovascular disease risk management, comorbidity assessment, contraception and pregnancy planning, and patient-centred education. Special considerations for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians are highlighted separately. CHANGES IN MANAGEMENT AS A RESULT OF THIS STATEMENT: Management recommendations for young adults, which differ from those for adults, include: ▪screening for diabetes in young adults with overweight or obesity and additional risk factors, including in utero exposure to type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus; ▪more stringent glucose targets (glycated haemoglobin ≤ 6.5% [≤ 48 mmol/mol]); ▪in the context of obesity or higher cardio-renal risk, glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors are preferred second line agents; ▪β-cell decline is more rapid, so frequent review, early treatment intensification and avoidance of therapeutic inertia are indicated; ▪a blood pressure target of < 130/80 mmHg, as the adult target of ≤ 140/90 mmHg is too high; ▪absolute cardiovascular disease risk calculators are not likely to be accurate in this age group; early statin use should therefore be considered; and ▪a multidisciplinary model of care including an endocrinologist and a certified diabetes educator.
Maternal weight gain and pregnancy outcomes in twin gestations.; BACKGROUND: Data on the optimal gestational weight gain in twin pregnancies are limited. As a result, the Institute of Medicine currently provides only provisional recommendations on gestational weight gain in this population. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to identify the optimal range of gestational weight gain in twin pregnancies and to estimate the association between inappropriate gestational weight gain and adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of all women with twin pregnancies that were followed up in a single, tertiary center between 2000 and 2014. We used 2 approaches to identify the optimal range of gestational weight gain: a statistical approach (the interquartile range of gestational weight gain in low-risk pregnancies with normal outcomes) and an outcome-based approach (by identifying thresholds of gestational weight gain below or above which the rate of adverse outcomes increases). The primary outcome was preterm birth. Associations of gestational weight gain below or above the normal range with the study outcomes were estimated using logistic regression analysis and were expressed as adjusted odds ratio with 95% confidence intervals. These associations were stratified by prepregnancy body mass index group. RESULTS: A total of 1274 women with twin pregnancies met the study criteria: 43 were classified as underweight, 777 were normal weight, 278 were overweight, and 176 were obese. Our estimates of the optimal gestational weight gain range were similar to those recommended by the Institute of Medicine except for the obese category, in which our optimal gestational weight gain range at 37 weeks (9.3-16.3 kg) was lower than in the provisional Institute of Medicine recommendations (11.3-19.1 kg). Nearly half of our cohort experienced inappropriate gestational weight gain: 30% (n=381) gained weight below and 17% (n=216) gained weight above current Institute of Medicine recommendations. In the normal weight group, gestational weight gain below recommendations was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth and birthweight at the <10th centile and with a reduction in the risk of hypertensive disorders, whereas gestational weight gain above recommendations was associated with an increased risk of hypertensive disorders and a reduction in the risk of birthweight at the <10th centile. Associations were less consistent in the overweight and obese groups. CONCLUSION: These findings identify gestational weight gain as a potentially modifiable risk factor for preterm birth and other pregnancy complications in twin gestations. Further prospective studies are needed to determine whether interventions aimed at optimizing gestational weight gain can improve the outcomes of these high-risk pregnancies.
Sonography for deep venous thrombosis: current and future applications.; Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) is a one of the most common problems facing the clinician in medicine today. It is often asymptomatic and goes undiagnosed with potentially fatal consequences. Ultrasound has become the "gold standard" in the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis and with proper attention to technique sensitivity of this test is approximately 97%. An understanding of anatomy, pathophysiology, and risk factors is important. Thrombus formation usually begins beneath a valve leaflet below the knee. Approximately 40% will resolve spontaneously, 40% will become organized, and 20% will propagate. Whether or not a calf vein thrombus is identified, a repeat examination in 7 to 10 days is recommended in patients with risk factors or when deep venous thrombosis is suspected. The three main risk factors for thrombus formation are age greater than 75 years, previous history of deep venous thrombosis, and underlying malignancy. Other diagnostic studies include the contrast venogram, CT or MRI venogram, Tc99m Apcitide study, and the laboratory test D-Dimer. The D-Dimer study is being used more frequently as a screening test with 99% sensitivity in detecting thrombus, whether deep venous thrombosis or pulmonary embolism. However, specificity is only approximately 50% with many conditions leading to false-positive exams. Therefore, a negative examination is useful in avoiding other diagnostic studies, but a positive one may be misleading. Conditions that can lead to a false-positive examination include, but are not limited to diabetes, pregnancy, liver disease, heart conditions, recent surgery, and some gastrointestinal diseases. Like the sonogram, two negative D-Dimer studies a week apart exclude the diagnosis of deep venous thrombosis. Compression sonography with color Doppler remains the best overall test for deep venous thrombosis. It is easy to perform, less expensive than most "high tech" studies, can be performed as a portable examination, and is highly reliable when done properly.
Maternal nutrition: effects on health in the next generation.; Nearly 20 years ago, it was discovered that low birthweight was associated with an increased risk of adult diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). This led to the hypothesis that exposure to undernutrition in early life increases an individual's vulnerability to these disorders, by 'programming' permanent metabolic changes. Implicit in the programming hypothesis is that improving the nutrition of girls and women could prevent common chronic diseases in future generations. Research in India has shown that low birthweight children have increased CVD risk factors, and a unique birth cohort in Delhi has shown that low infant weight, and rapid childhood weight gain, increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. Progress has been made in understanding the role of specific nutrients in the maternal diet. In the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, low maternal vitamin B12 status predicted increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, especially if the mother was folate replete. It is not only maternal undernutrition that causes problems; gestational diabetes, a form of foetal overnutrition (glucose excess), is associated with increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, highlighting the adverse effects of the 'double burden' of malnutrition in developing countries, where undernutrition and overnutrition co-exist. Recent intervention studies in several developing countries have shown that CVD risk factors in the offspring can be improved by supplementing undernourished mothers during pregnancy. Results differ according to the population, the intervention and the post-natal environment. Ongoing studies in India and elsewhere seek to understand the long-term effects of nutrition in early life, and how best to translate this knowledge into policies to improve health in future generations.
Nitric Oxide is a Central Common Metabolite in Vascular Dysfunction Associated with Diseases of Human Pregnancy.; Preeclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and maternal supraphysiological hypercholesterolaemia (MSPH) are pregnancy-related conditions that cause metabolic disruptions leading to alterations of the mother, fetus and neonate health. These syndromes result in fetoplacental vascular dysfunction, where nitric oxide (NO) plays a crucial role. PE characterizes by abnormal increase in the placental blood pressure and a negative correlation between NO level and fetal weight, suggesting that increased NO level and oxidative stress could be involved. GDM courses with macrosomia along with altered function of the fetal cardiovascular system and fetoplacental vasculature. Even when NO synthesis in the fetoplacental vasculature is increased, NO bioavailability is reduced due to the higher oxidative stress seen in this disease. In MSPH, there is an early development of atherosclerotic lesions in fetal and newborn arteries, altered function of the fetoplacental vasculature, and higher markers of oxidative stress in fetal blood and placenta, thus, vascular alterations related with NO metabolism occur as a consequence of this syndrome. Potential mechanisms of altered NO synthesis and bioavailability result from transcriptional and post-translational NO synthases (NOS) modulation, including phosphorylation/dephosphorylation cycles, coupling/uncoupling of NOS, tetrahydrobiopterin bioavailability, calcium/calmodulin-NOS and caveolin-1-NOS interaction. Additionally, oxidative stress also plays a role in the reduced NO bioavailability. This review summarizes the available information regarding lower NO bioavailability in these pregnancy pathologies. A common NO-dependent mechanism in PE, GDM and MSPH contributing to fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction is described.
Metabolic syndrome and the menopause.; The metabolic syndrome consists of a combination of risk factors that include abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidaemia, hypertension and insulin resistance. It increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The increased risk of cardiovascular disease is higher in women than in men. The first manifestation of metabolic syndrome may occur in pregnancy presenting as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia. Both conditions are associated with increased insulin resistance. Also metabolic syndrome is more common in polycystic ovarian syndrome. It has been suggested that there is a metabolic syndrome resulting from the menopause due to estrogen deficiency, as many of the risk factors are more prevalent in postmenopausal women. Also estrogen replacement improves insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of diabetes. The key elements in managing the metabolic syndrome are weight reduction, increasing physical activity and diet modification. If blood pressure, lipid and glycaemic control are not achieved through these interventions then pharmacological therapy will be required.
Type 1 diabetes-related antibodies in the fetal circulation: prevalence and influence on cord insulin and birth weight in offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes.; During pregnancy, maternal type 1 diabetes-associated autoantibodies may cross the placenta. It is proposed that insulin antibodies (IA) allow transfer of insulin across the placenta, contributing to fetal hyperinsulinemia and macrosomia. We assessed the prevalence of IA, the tyrosine phosphatase IA-2, and glutamic acid decarboxylase (GADA) in cord blood from offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes (ODM, n = 138) and control mothers (control, n = 47) and further assessed cross-sectional relationships of antibody titers to birth weight and fetal insulin. In ODM, antibodies were frequently present in cord blood; 124 ODM (95%) were positive for IA, 82 (59%) were positive for GADA antibodies, and 61 (44%) were positive for IA-2 antibodies. In controls, GADA and IA-2 antibodies were absent, whereas seven controls (15%) were positive for IA at low titers (P < 0.0001 ODM vs. controls for all).ODM with IA (IA positive) or without IA (IA negative) had similar birth weights (mean +/- sd: IA positive, 3.8 +/- 0.7 kg; IA negative, 4.0 +/- 0.6 kg; P = 0.31) and cord insulin concentrations (IA positive: median, 112 pmol/liter; interquartile range, 62-219 pmol/liter; IA negative: median, 114 pmol/liter; interquartile range, 59-194 pmol/liter; P = 0.96). Similarly, the presence of GADA and/or IA-2 autoantibodies (n = 103) was not associated with differences in birth weight or insulin concentrations. Antibody titers were not associated with birth weight or insulin as continuous variables in either controls or ODM. Islet autoantibodies and IA are a common finding in cord blood of ODM, but we found no evidence that they influence offspring insulin concentrations or weight at birth.
Abnormal adolescent primiparous pregnancy: association of race, human chorionic somatomammotropin production, and smoking.; Abnormal pregnancies (33 per cent) were studied in 417 consecutive, unmarried, primiparous women, age 12 to 18 years (black, 54 per cent; white, 46 per cent). Black patients had no increase in abnormal pregnancies but had more infants weighting less than 2,500 grams (p less than 0.01). Black patients with pre-eclampsia gained less weight than white patients (24 versus 34 pounds, p less than 0.05) and had smaller infants (2,834 versus 3,316 grams). In white patients, the mean age at menarche was earlier in women who lost their infants (11.0 versus 12.7 years; p less than 0.01). Smoking was more prevalent in normal pregnancies (47 per cent) than abnormal pregnancies (38 per cent). Spontaneous abortion and fetal loss occurred more often in smokers (p less than 0.01). White women smoked more than blacks (60 versus 37 per cent). In mothers of infants weighting less than 2,500 grams, there were fewer smokers. Unexpectedly, smokers had less hypertension and pre-eclampsia. Human chorionic somatomammotropin values correlated with infant size. Levels of less than 4 mug per milliliter after 30 weeks' gestation were identical in normal and abnormal pregnancies (4.4 per cent). They were associated with small infants but no fetal deaths and did not predict outcome of pregnancy.
Future Directions: Analyzing Health Disparities Related to Maternal Hypertensive Disorders.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy complicate up to 10% of pregnancies worldwide, constituting one of the most significant causes of maternal morbidity and mortality. Hypertensive disorders, specifically gestational hypertension, chronic hypertension, and preeclampsia, throughout pregnancy are contributors to the top causes of maternal mortality in the United States. Diagnosis of hypertensive disorders throughout pregnancy is challenging, with many disorders often remaining unrecognized or poorly managed during and after pregnancy. Moreover, the research has identified a strong link between the prevalence of maternal hypertensive disorders and racial and ethnic disparities. Factors that influence the prevalence of maternal hypertensive disorders among racially and ethnically diverse women include maternal age, level of education, United States-born status, nonmetropolitan residence, prepregnancy obesity, excess weight gain during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes. Examination of the factors that increase the risk for maternal hypertensive disorders along with the current interventions utilized to manage hypertensive disorders will assist in the identification of gaps in prevention and treatment strategies and implications for future practice. Specific focus will be placed on disparities among racially and ethnically diverse women that increase the risk for maternal hypertensive disorders. This review will serve to promote the development of interventions and strategies that better address and prevent hypertensive disorders throughout a pregnant woman's continuum of care.
Cardiovascular health after menopause transition, pregnancy disorders, and other gynaecologic conditions: a consensus document from European cardiologists, gynaecologists, and endocrinologists.; Women undergo important changes in sex hormones throughout their lifetime that can impact cardiovascular disease risk. Whereas the traditional cardiovascular risk factors dominate in older age, there are several female-specific risk factors and inflammatory risk variables that influence a woman's risk at younger and middle age. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and gestational diabetes are associated with a higher risk in younger women. Menopause transition has an additional adverse effect to ageing that may demand specific attention to ensure optimal cardiovascular risk profile and quality of life. In this position paper, we provide an update of gynaecological and obstetric conditions that interact with cardiovascular risk in women. Practice points for clinical use are given according to the latest standards from various related disciplines (Figure 1).
Stroke in Pregnancy.; Pregnancy and the postpartum period confer an increased risk of stroke. The risk appears to be increased for all strokes during the puerperium and for hemorrhagic strokes during pregnancy. During pregnancy, physiologic systems are under increased stress to accommodate the growing fetus, which results in substantial hemodynamic, cardiovascular, hematologic, immunologic, and structural connective tissue changes that account for much of this increased risk. In addition, preeclampsia-eclampsia has major effects on the vascular system, and this disorder, unique to pregnancy, is another major contributor to this risk. The common independent vascular risk factors for stroke, such as hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and smoking, may also be present to contribute to the risks conferred by pregnancy. Though uncommon, stroke during pregnancy and in the postpartum period causes substantial morbidity and mortality in affected women, and it poses a significant risk to the fetus. This review will discuss the epidemiology of pregnancy-associated stroke, specific risk factors and mechanisms, clinical presentation and management, and future directions.
Cardiovascular Risk Factors Mediate the Long-Term Maternal Risk Associated With Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, are associated with an increased risk of CVD. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to evaluate associations between HDP and long-term CVD and identify the proportion of the association mediated by established CVD risk factors. METHODS: Parous participants without CVD in the Nurses' Health Study II (n = 60,379) were followed for incident CVD from first birth through 2017. Cox proportional hazards models estimated HRs and 95% CIs for the relationship between HDP and CVD, adjusting for potential confounders, including prepregnancy body mass index, smoking, and parental history of CVD. To evaluate the proportion of the association jointly accounted for by chronic hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, type 2 diabetes, and changes in body mass index, we used the difference method. RESULTS: Women with HDP in first pregnancy had a 63% higher rate of CVD (95% CI: 1.37-1.94) compared with women with normotensive pregnancies. This association was mediated by established CVD risk factors (proportion mediated = 64%). The increased rate of CVD was higher for preeclampsia (HR: 1.72; 95% CI: 1.42-2.10) than gestational hypertension (HR: 1.41; 95% CI: 1.03-1.93). Established CVD risk factors accounted for 57% of the increased rate of CVD for preeclampsia but 84% for gestational hypertension (both P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Established CVD risk factors arising after pregnancy explained most (84%) of the increased risk of CVD conferred by gestational hypertension and 57% of the risk among women with preeclampsia. Screening for chronic hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, type 2 diabetes, and overweight/obesity after pregnancy may be especially helpful in CVD prevention among women with a history of HDP.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases compared with normal women. This study aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with GDM. METHODS: 453 women with GDM (cases) and 1,180 healthy women (controls) were included in this study. The post-partum examinations included 2 h 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests, lipid profiles, anthropometric measurements (blood pressure, height, weight) and documentation of medical history, diet, and lifestyle. RESULTS: Compared with controls, the risks of abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome in women with a history of GDM were 4.61, 1.30, 1.57 and 3.52, respectively. Fasting blood glucose, progestational body mass index (pBMI) and antenatal insulin resistance at antenatal visit were predictors for abnormal glucose metabolism. pBMI and antenatal diastolic blood pressure were predictors for hypertension. pBMI and weight gain during pregnancy were predictors for obesity/overweight. pBMI, antenatal systolic blood pressure and antenatal triglyceride were predictors for metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a history of GDM have increased rates of cardiovascular disease risk factors including abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome. pBMI is the common independent predictors of cardiometabolic disease in the post-partum.
Correlates of the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women in the San Juan Metropolitan area of Puerto Rico.; BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome is an interaction of risk factors that may lead to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Given the need for data in Puerto Rico, this cross-sectional study aimed to determine the association between demographic, lifestyles, and reproductive characteristics and the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women (N = 564) in the San Juan Metropolitan Area. The metabolic syndrome was defined based on the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria. RESULTS: In multivariate logistic regression models, women aged 40-59 and 60-79 years were 3.03 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.70, 5.40] and 7.05 (95% CI, 3.69, 13.49) times more likely, respectively, to have the metabolic syndrome as compared to those aged 21-39 years. A dose-response relationship was also observed between body mass index (BMI) and metabolic syndrome. Physical activity reduced the odds for metabolic syndrome [prevalence odds ratios (POR) = 0.64; 95% CI, 0.41, 1.01]; however, this association was marginally significant (P = 0.05). Among reproductive characteristics, only women who had a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) were 2.14 (95% CI, 1.02, 4.51) times more likely to have metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Consistent with previous studies, increased age and BMI, physical inactivity, and GDM are associated with the metabolic syndrome in this population. This information is relevant for the development of preventive interventions for the metabolic syndrome.
Plasma unconjugated estriol values in high-risk pregnancy.; The usefulness of plasma estriol concentrations in the management of high-risk pregnancy is controversial. In this study, serial plasma unconjugated estriol (E3) concentrations determined by radioimmunoassay were evaluated in 321 patients with high-risk pregnancy for correlation with fetal and neonatal performance. A plasma E3 concentration of 4 ng. per milliliter or less in late pregnancy correlated significantly with low one-and five-minute Apgar scores and selected neonatal problems in pregnancies complicated by chronic hypertension and intrauterine growth retardation, with a similar trend for pregnancies complicated by moderate and severe pre-eclampsia. Most perinatal deaths in the study were associated with acute problems which began during labor and delivery, or fetal death occurred before early intervention was practical. Therefore, the perinatal mortality rate is not likely to be influenced by the use of E3 values, and the perinatal mortality rate is not a realistic measure of the usefulness of plasma E3 values in management of high-risk pregnancy. Low plasma E3 values were not always ominous, and for this reason it is suggested that clinical indications and the results of other tests for fetal-placental function be considered along with plasma E3 values in the selection of patients for early delivery to reduce the possibility of inappropriate intervention.
Complementary therapy for severe Rh-alloimmunization.; PURPOSE OF INVESTIGATION: This report describes successful treatment, using invasive and noninvasive techniques, of a 36-year-old woman (gravida 10, para 0) referred to our center at 13 weeks' gestation for severe Rh alloimmunization. Pre-pregnancy indirect Coombs titers ranged from 1:1024-2048. All nine past pregnancies (conceived with three different partners) had ended in abortion, intrauterine death or neonatal death METHODS: The patient was treated with a single session of plasmapheresis (week 14) immediately followed by five days of immunoglobulin therapy and immunosuppressive therapy based on azathioprine and prednisone (weeks 15-22). Seven fetal transfusions (one intraperitoneal, six intravascular) were performed beginning at 16 weeks. RESULTS: The pregnancy, which was characterized by insulin-dependent gestational diabetes, spontaneously resolving polyhydramnios and peak indirect Coombs titers of 1:65,536, ended at 27 weeks with cesarean section delivery of a viable female weighing 1,000 g. In spite of numerous neonatal complications, the child is physically well at age 3, with normal intellectual and psychomotor development. CONCLUSION: In light of the negative outcomes of the patient's nine past pregnancies, our experience suggests that the early initiation of an integrated approach based on noninvasive and invasive techniques can play a potentially decisive role in the management of severe Rh-alloimmunization.
Risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with prior hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The association between a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and subsequent type 2 diabetes (referred to throughout as diabetes) remains inconclusive. We reviewed the most recent evidence to quantify the association of previous HDP with incident diabetes. METHODS: A systematic search of MEDLINE, Embase and CINAHL was performed up to 17 February 2020 to identify observational studies of the association between HDP (pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension) and incident diabetes. Studies of women with pre-pregnancy diabetes were excluded. Two independent reviewers screened citations and abstracted results. Study quality was assessed in duplicate using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Random-effects models were used to pool effect estimates. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I(2) statistic. RESULTS: After screening 4617 citations, 16 cohort studies with a total of 3,095,457 participants were included (unspecified HDP n = 5, pre-eclampsia only n = 4, gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia n = 7). Risks of subsequent diabetes were significantly higher in women with a history of any HDP (HDP: adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 2.24, 95% CI 1.95, 2.58; gestational hypertension: aHR 2.19 [95% CI 1.69, 2.84]; pre-eclampsia: aHR 2.56 [95% CI 2.02, 3.24]; preterm pre-eclampsia: aHR 3.05 [95% CI 2.05, 4.56]). The association between HDP and diabetes persisted in studies that adjusted for gestational diabetes mellitus (aHR 2.01 [95% CI 1.77, 2.28]). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: HDP are independently associated with a higher risk of diabetes. Further study is needed to determine how HDP contribute to diabetes risk prediction to develop evidence-based screening and prevention strategies. Graphical abstract.
Hydroxychloroquine prophylaxis for preeclampsia, hypertension and prematurity in pregnant patients with systemic lupus erythematosus: A meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVES: This meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of HCQ in improving the maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnancies with SLE. METHODS: A literature search was conducted using PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Cochrane database for relevant English language articles, and Wanfang, CNKI and VIP for Chinese articles, from the databases' inception to April 30, 2020. These studies compared the maternal and/or fetal outcomes between pregnant patients with SLE who were administered HCQ during pregnancy (HCQ+ group) and those who were not administered HCQ (HCQ- group). Two investigators extracted the data and assessed the quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS) and GRADE criteria independently. Odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated. All statistical analyses were conducted using the Stata 12.0 software. RESULTS: Nine studies involving 1132 pregnancies were included in the study (3 case controls, 2 prospective cohorts, 4 retrospective cohorts). Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and prematurity were significantly lower in the HCQ+ group than in the HCQ- group (OR 0.35, 95% CI 0.21-0.59), (OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.19-0.89) and (OR 0.55, 95% CI 0.36-0.86), respectively. There were no significant differences in the rates of HELLP Syndrome (OR 0.88, 95% CI 0.19-3.96), gestational diabetes (OR 2.3, 95% CI 0.44-12.12), thrombotic events (OR 0.26, 95% CI 0.05-1.51), spontaneous abortion (OR 1.77, 95% CI 0.96-3.26), premature rupture of membranes (OR 0.58, 95% CI 0.24-1.39), oligohydramnios (OR 0.90, 95% CI 0.38-2.14), live birth (OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.60-2.47), stillbirth (OR 1.00, 95% CI 0.50-2.00), congenital malformation (OR 0.53, 95% CI 0.14-2.04), low birth weight (OR 0.77, 95% CI 0.43-1.39), intrauterine distress (OR 1.07, 95% CI 0.41-2.76,), intrauterine growth restriction (OR 0.57, 95% CI 0.06-5.43), or five-minute APGAR score <7 (OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.20-2.58) between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: HCQ treatment during pregnancy could reduce the risk of preeclampsia, pregnancy hypertension and prematurity in SLE patients. The certainty of evidence is high but majority of the studies included are retrospective studies and not randomized controlled trials. Therefore, the multidisciplinary management of pregnant patients with SLE should promote HCQ use, irrespective of disease activity or severity.
Associations of periconceptional oral contraceptive use with pregnancy complications and adverse birth outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Periconceptional use of oral contraceptives (OCs) has been reported to increase risks of pregnancy complications and adverse birth outcomes, but risks are suggested to differ depending on the timing of discontinuation, amount of oestrogen and progestin content. METHODS: Prospective cohort study among 6470 pregnancies included in the PRegnancy and Infant DEvelopment (PRIDE) Study in 2012-19. Exposure was defined as any reported use of OCs within 12 months pre-pregnancy or after conception. Outcomes of interest were gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, pre-term birth, low birthweight and small for gestational age (SGA). Multivariable Poisson regression using stabilized inverse probability weighting estimated relative risks (RRs) with 95% CIs. RESULTS: Any periconceptional OC use was associated with increased risks of pre-eclampsia (RR 1.38, 95% CI 0.99-1.93), pre-term birth (RR 1.38, 95% CI 1.09-1.75) and low birthweight (RR 1.45, 95% CI 1.10-1.92), but not with gestational hypertension (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.91-1.31), gestational diabetes (RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.77-1.36) and SGA (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.75-1.21). Associations with pre-eclampsia were strongest for discontinuation 0-3 months pre-pregnancy, for OCs containing ≥30 µg oestrogen and for first- or second-generation OCs. Pre-term birth and low birthweight were more likely to occur when OCs were discontinued 0-3 months pre-pregnancy, when using OCs containing <30 µg oestrogen and when using third-generation OCs. Associations with SGA were observed for OCs containing <30 µg oestrogen and for third- or fourth-generation OCs. CONCLUSIONS: Periconceptional OC use, particularly those containing oestrogen, was associated with increased risks of pre-eclampsia, pre-term birth, low birthweight and SGA.
Fetal development and risk of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes type 2 in adult life.; The fetal origin hypothesis of adult cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidemia in persons born with low birthweight, independently of their extrauterine risk factors, has been well established in the last decade of the twentieth century. However, mechanisms responsible for this relationship are still under investigation. Insulin resistance resulting from the restriction of intrauterine development of skeletal muscles and other organs is considered as the most important cause of metabolic disturbances and their cardiovascular complications in adult subjects born with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). Decline of insulin secretion, overactivation of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis, reduced glucose uptake in the liver and raised lipid oxidation in the muscles may also explain this association. On the other hand, abnormal vascular development , increased activity of the sympathetic nervous system, defective endothelial function and/or impaired renal function in growth restricted newborns may contribute to hypertension in their later life. With respect to maternal conditions and life-style factors that may increase cardiovascular risk in adult offspring born with IUGR, the most consistent results concern pregnancy induced hypertension, preeclampsia, undernutrition, smoking during pregnancy, hypercholesterolemia, inflammation and/or enhanced glucocorticoid secretion. Macrosomia of the newborn, a frequent sequel to maternal diabetes and/or obesity, also increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Maternal overnutrition, and particularly high fat and sugar intake, seem to play a key role in fetal programming of cardiovascular risk in subjects born with macrosomia. Epigenetic imprinting underlies the described pathomechanisms. The presented associations are illustrated, among others, with the results of studies performed by the authors of this review.
[Solitary and multiple chorangiomas--clinical consequences, expression of growth factors and differences in the growth rate].; BACKGROUND: Chorangiomas are regarded as hamartous lesions of the placenta which may complicate a pregnancy if they grow large. The etiology of these lesion is still unclear. We suspected a link between the development of chorangiomas and an increase of the expression of the angiogenic growth factor bfgf and angiopoietin-1 within the tumour. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We examined 20 placentas without tumour, 19 placentas with solitary chorangiomas and 10 placentas with multiple chorangiomas (chorangiomatosis) with respect of the difference in clinical complications, regarding the expression of bfgf and angiopoietin-1 and with regard to the proliferation rate. RESULTS: The expression of the growth factors in solitary chorangiomas did not differ from that in the normal placental tissue. Both groups showed moderate expression of growth factors. In placentas with multiple chorangiomas all cases were associated with a strong expression of bfgf and angiopoietin-1. Proliferating cells and fibroblasts were seen more often in placentas with chorangiomatosis. There were clinical differences with regard to the maternal age. The mean age in case of normal placentas was 24 years, in placentas with solitary chorangiomas 32 years and for placentas with multiple chorangiomas 28 years. There were more complications such as HELLP-syndrome, diabetes, preterm birth and additional maturational arrest of the placenta in case of chorangiomas. CONCLUSION: There is a link between the development of multiple chorangiomas and an increase of the expression of bfgf and angiopoietin-1 in the placenta. In our study there is no correlation between multiple tumours and complications of pregnancy.
Management with a staged approach of the premature hydropic fetus due to complete congenital heart block.; The management of the preterm fetus with hydrops due to complete congenital heart block is difficult. The outcome is frequently associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Two fetuses presented at the post menstrual age of 29 and 30 weeks respectively with severe hydrops due to complete heart block. The following staged approach was adopted: (1) enhance fetal lung maturation with maternal corticosteroids and thyroid releasing hormone for 48 h; (2) elective Caesarean section; (3) classical neonatal management consisting of intubation and ventilation, drainage of all cavities with effusions; (4) increase neonatal heart rate by administration of i.v. isoprenaline, by bipolar trans-oesophageal pacing or epicutaneo-oesophageal pacing; (5) after the regression of the hydrops, start epicardial pacing after implantation of 2 or 3 temporary epicardial 3/0 pacemaker; (6) implantation of a permanent abdominal pacing system with steroid epicardial tip once the threshold exceeds 20 mA or when the baby weighs more than 1500 g. In these patients a permanent pacing system was implanted at the ages of 8 weeks (2045 g) and 4 weeks (1560 g) respectively. No major complications occurred; the cardiac outcome with 37 and 34 months of follow up is excellent. CONCLUSION: This proposed staged approach with temporary epicardial leads can improve the outcome of hydropic fetuses due to complete congenital AV block.
Hyperglycemia-induced vasculopathy in the murine vitelline vasculature: correlation with PECAM-1/CD31 tyrosine phosphorylation state.; Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased incidence of congenital abnormalities as well as embryonic and perinatal lethality. In particular, a wide range of cardiovascular abnormalities have been noted in children of diabetic mothers and in the offspring of diabetic animals. The vascular system is the first organ system to develop in the embryo and is critical for normal organogenesis. The organization of mesodermal cells into endothelial and hematopoietic cells and into a complex vascular system is, in part, mediated by a series of specific cell-cell, cell-extracellular matrix, and cell-factor interactions. PECAM-1 expression has been observed during the earliest stages of vasculogenesis, and changes in PECAM-1 tyrosine phosphorylation have been associated with endothelial cell migration, vasculogenesis, and angiogenesis both in vitro and in vivo. In this report we demonstrate that exposure to hyperglycemia during gastrulation causes yolk sac and embryonic vasculopathy in cultured murine conceptuses and in the conceptuses of streptozotocin-induced diabetic pregnant mice. In addition, we correlate the presence of yolk sac and embryonic vasculopathy with the failure of PECAM-1 tyrosine dephosphorylation during the formation of blood islands/vessels from clusters of extra-embryonic and embryonic angioblasts in the murine conceptus using both in vitro and in vivo models. The importance of these findings in the development of vasculopathy in the offspring of diabetic mothers and the potential effects and benefits of glucose regulation during the periods of vasculogenesis/angiogenesis in embryonic development are discussed.
Baseline Characteristics and Readmissions after Cerebral Venous Sinus Thrombosis in a Nationally Representative Database.; BACKGROUND: There are limited epidemiologic data on cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST). We aim to summarize baseline characteristics and outcomes using a large nationally representative administrative database. METHODS: Using the 2013 Nationwide Readmissions Database, we used validated International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision codes to identify baseline characteristics of patients admitted with CVST. We calculated readmission rates (per 100,000 index hospitalizations) for neurological complications. Multivariable Poisson regression yielded rate ratios (RR) of associations between index admission variables and all-cause readmission up to 1 year. RESULTS: Among 2,105 patients with index admission for CVST, mean age was 46.8 (SD 18.4); 65.2% were female, and 6.1% were pregnant. Hemorrhagic stroke (15.6%) was more common than ischemic stroke (10.7%), seizure occurred in 16.3, and 3.7% of patients died during index hospitalization. The 90-day readmission rate (per 100,000 index CVST hospitalizations) was the highest for CVST (1,447) and ischemic stroke (755). Diabetes (RR 1.10, 95% CI 1.002-1.22), cancer (1.23, 1.09-1.39), insurance status (0.92, 0.83-0.97 for Medicare/private insurance vs. others), and discharge home (RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.85-0.99) were associated with increased readmission rate. CONCLUSIONS: We provide baseline characteristics and readmission rates after CVST over a 1-year period. In-hospital mortality rate and association with pregnancy were lower than previously observed.
Distribution and association of interpregnancy weight change with subsequent pregnancy outcomes in Asian women.; The extent of interpregnancy weight change and its association with subsequent pregnancy outcomes among Asians remain unclear. We examined changes in maternal body mass index (BMI) between the first two deliveries and outcomes in the second delivery. Medical records of women with their first two consecutive deliveries between 2015 and 2020 at KK Women's and Children's Hospital, Singapore were retrieved. Gestational-age-adjusted BMI was determined by standardising to 12 weeks gestation and interpregnancy BMI change was calculated as the difference between both pregnancies. Pregnancy outcomes were analysed using modified Poisson regression models. Of 6264 included women with a median interpregnancy interval of 1.44 years, 40.7% had a stable BMI change within ± 1 kg/m(2), 10.3% lost > 1 kg/m(2), 34.3% gained 1-3 kg/m(2) and 14.8% gained ≥ 3 kg/m(2). Compared to women with stable BMI change, those with > 1 kg/m(2) loss had higher risk of low birthweight (adjusted risk ratio [RR] 1.36; 95% confidence interval 1.02-1.80), while those with 1-3 kg/m(2) gain had higher risks of large-for-gestational-age birth (1.16; 1.03-1.31), gestational diabetes (1.25; 1.06-1.49) and emergency Caesarean delivery (1.16; 1.03-1.31); these risks were higher in those with ≥ 3 kg/m(2) gain. Our study strengthens the case for interpregnancy weight management to improve subsequent pregnancy outcomes.
Commentary from the Italian Association of Medical Diabetologists (AMD) and Italian Society of Diabetology (SID) Interassociative Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group on the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes: An open debate.; The current board of the interassociative Italian association of medical diabetologists (AMD)/Italian society of diabetology (SID) Diabetes and Pregnancy Italian Study Group commented about two recent papers published in the New England Journal of Medicine that investigated the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It is well recognized that effective screening and accurate, early diagnosis of GDM contributes to better management of these women in order to reduce adverse maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes. However, there is worldwide controversy concerning which screening (selective or universal; one step or two steps) and which diagnostic criteria (glucose thresholds) are appropriate. The main findings of these papers are discussed along with their implications for the management of pregnant women.
Hypertension Canada's 2020 Comprehensive Guidelines for the Prevention, Diagnosis, Risk Assessment, and Treatment of Hypertension in Adults and Children.; Hypertension Canada's 2020 guidelines for the prevention, diagnosis, risk assessment, and treatment of hypertension in adults and children provide comprehensive, evidence-based guidance for health care professionals and patients. Hypertension Canada develops the guidelines using rigourous methodology, carefully mitigating the risk of bias in our process. All draft recommendations undergo critical review by expert methodologists without conflict to ensure quality. Our guideline panel is diverse, including multiple health professional groups (nurses, pharmacy, academics, and physicians), and worked in concert with experts in primary care and implementation to ensure optimal usability. The 2020 guidelines include new guidance on the management of resistant hypertension and the management of hypertension in women planning pregnancy.
Hematological Parameters in the First Trimester and the Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus - Beijing, China, 2017-2020.; WHAT IS ALREADY KNOWN ABOUT THIS TOPIC? Hematological parameters may indicate the presence of chronic low-grade inflammation and increasing viscosity, which are involved in the pathological processes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, the association between several hematological parameters in early pregnancy and GDM has yet to be elucidated. WHAT IS ADDED BY THIS REPORT? Hematological parameters in the first trimester, particularly red blood cell (RBC) count and systematic immune index, have a significant impact on GDM incidence. The neutrophils (NEU) count in the first trimester was particularly pronounced for GDM. The upward trend of RBC, white blood cell (WBC), and NEU counts was consistent across all GDM subtypes. WHAT ARE THE IMPLICATIONS FOR PUBLIC HEALTH PRACTICE? Early pregnancy hematological parameters are associated with the risk of GDM.
Association of Social Determinants of Health and Clinical Factors with Postpartum Hospital Readmissions among Nulliparous Individuals.; OBJECTIVE: Prior data suggest that there are racial and ethnic disparities in postpartum readmission among individuals, especially among those with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Existing reports commonly lack granular information on social determinants of health. The objective of this study was to investigate factors associated with postpartum readmission for individuals and address whether such risk factors differed by whether an individual had an antecedent diagnosis of a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP). STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a large, multicenter prospective cohort study of 10,038 nulliparous participants. The primary outcome of this analysis was postpartum readmission. A priori, participants were analyzed separately based on whether they had HDP. Participant characteristics previously associated with a greater risk of perinatal morbidity or readmission (including social determinants of health, preexisting and chronic comorbidities, and intrapartum characteristics) were compared with bivariable analyses and retained in multivariable models if p < 0.05. Social determinants of health evaluated in this analysis included insurance status, self-identified race and ethnicity (as a proxy for structural racism), income, marital status, primary language, and educational attainment. RESULTS: Of 9,457 participants eligible for inclusion, 1.7% (n = 165) were readmitted following initial hospital discharge. A higher proportion of individuals with HDP were readmitted compared with individuals without HDP (3.4 vs 1.3%, p < 0.001). Among participants without HDP, the only factors associated with postpartum readmission were chorioamnionitis and cesarean delivery. Among participants with HDP, gestational diabetes and postpartum hemorrhage requiring transfusion were associated with postpartum readmission. While the number of postpartum readmissions included in our analysis was relatively small, social determinants of health that we examined were not associated with postpartum readmission for either group. CONCLUSION: In this diverse cohort of nulliparous pregnant individuals, there was a higher frequency of postpartum readmission among participants with HDP. Preexisting comorbidity and intrapartum complications were associated with postpartum readmission among this population engaged in a longitudinal study. KEY POINTS: · Non-HDP patients had higher odds of PPR with chorioamnionitis or cesarean.. · HDP patients had higher odds of PPR if they had GDM or PPH.. · Characterizing PPR may identify and highlight modifiable factors..
A Maternal Serum Metabolite Ratio Predicts Large for Gestational Age Infants at Term: A Prospective Cohort Study.; CONTEXT: Excessive birth weight is associated with maternal and neonatal complications. However, ultrasonically estimated large for gestational age (LGA; >90th percentile) predicts these complications poorly. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a maternal serum metabolite ratio developed for fetal growth restriction (FGR) is predictive of birth weight across the whole range, including LGA at birth. METHODS: Metabolites were measured using ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectroscopy. The 4-metabolite ratio was previously derived from an analysis of FGR cases and a random subcohort from the Pregnancy Outcome Prediction study. Here, we evaluated its relationship at 36 weeks of gestational age (wkGA) with birth weight in the subcohort (n = 281). External validation in the Born in Bradford (BiB) study (n = 2366) used the metabolite ratio at 24 to 28 wkGA. RESULTS: The inverse of the metabolite ratio at 36 wkGA predicted LGA at term [the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROCC) = 0.82, 95% CI 0.73 to 0.91, P = 6.7 × 10-5]. The ratio was also inversely associated with birth weight z score (linear regression, beta = -0.29 SD, P = 2.1 × 10-8). Analysis in the BiB cohort confirmed that the ratio at 24 to 28 wkGA predicted LGA (AUROCC = 0.60, 95% CI 0.54 to 0.67, P = 8.6 × 10-5) and was inversely associated with birth weight z score (beta = -0.12 SD, P = 1.3 × 10-9). CONCLUSIONS: A metabolite ratio which is strongly predictive of FGR is equally predictive of LGA birth weight and is inversely associated with birth weight across the whole range.
Early postpartum blood pressure screening is associated with increased detection of cardiovascular risk factors in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia, are risk factors for cardiovascular (CV) disease. Guidelines recommend that women with HDP be screened for the development of hypertension (HTN) within 6-12 months postpartum. However, the extent to which this early blood pressure (BP) screening is being performed and the impact on detection of CV risk factors is unknown. METHODS: Women with HDP and without pre-existing hypertension (HTN) who had at least 6 months of clinical follow-up were categorized by postpartum BP screening status: early BP screen (6-12 months after delivery) or late BP screen (≥12 months after delivery). Multivariable logistic regression identified factors associated with early screening. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards modeling examined the association between early screening and detection of incident CV risk factors: HTN, prediabetes, diabetes mellitus type 2, or hyperlipidemia. RESULTS: Among 4194 women with HDP, 1172 (28%) received early BP screening. Older age, pre-existing hyperlipidemia, diabetes, sickle cell disease, hypothyroidism, gestational diabetes, and delivery during or after 2014 were independently associated with early BP screening, whereas Hispanic ethnicity was associated with late BP screening. Early BP screening was most commonly performed at a primary care visit. After a median follow-up of 3.7 years, 1012 (24%) women had at least 1 new risk factor detected. Even after adjustment for baseline risk, women receiving early BP screening had a significantly higher rate of incident CV risk factor detection than women receiving late BP screening (56% vs 28%; adj. HR 2.70, 95%CI: 2.33-3.23, P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: Early postpartum BP screening was performed in a minority of women with HDP, but was associated with greater detection of CV risk factors. More intensive postpartum CV screening and targeted interventions are needed to optimize CV health in this high-risk population of women with HDP.
Fetal umbilical artery thrombosis: prenatal diagnosis, treatment and follow-up.; BACKGROUND: To analyze the ultrasound imaging and clinical characteristics of fetuses with umbilical artery thrombosis (UAT), explore the potential causes of UAT and construct a prognostic prediction model to guide clinical practice. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of fetal UAT cases examined at two academic tertiary referral care centers from 2014 to 2020. The basic information of the participants was obtained by interview during follow-up, and data on clinical treatment, delivery conditions, diagnosis and confirmation were obtained through medical records. Probable causes of thrombosis were explored by comparative analysis of the UAT group to the control group and by further regression analysis. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to evaluate risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were constructed to evaluate the diagnostic value of the prognostic prediction model. RESULTS: Thirty fetuses with UAT were included in this study. UAT occurred mostly in the third trimester of pregnancy, and there was an obvious predominance of right UAT. An abnormal pregnancy history (53.3%) was the most common comorbidity, followed by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (20.0%). GDM and umbilical cord (UC) abnormalities were found to be independent risk factors for the development of UAT. After comprehensive decision-making, over two-thirds of the patients with UAT received urgent treatment, and less than one-third received expectant management. Surprisingly, there were no significant differences in fetal outcomes between the urgent treatment and expectant management groups. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that gestational age (GA) at clinical diagnosis and UC abnormalities were independent risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes (OR 0.781, p = 0.042; OR 16.779, p = 0.023, respectively). Based on this, we constructed a comprehensive prognostic prediction model. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) was 0.877 (95% CI 0.698-0.970; p < 0.001), which suggested that the combination of GA and UC abnormalities was a better predictor for fetal outcomes in our setting. CONCLUSION: In summary, maternal GDM and fetal UC abnormalities are independent risk factors for UAT. UAT is more frequently observed on the right side. Moreover, poor clinical outcomes for fetuses with UAT are ascribed mainly to GA and UC abnormalities, which should be comprehensively evaluated to choose the appropriate treatment.
An evaluation of whether a gestational weight gain of 5 to 9 kg for obese women optimizes maternal and neonatal health risks.; BACKGROUND: Maternal obesity has a wide range of health effects on both the pregnant woman and developing fetus. The clinical significance of these disorders, combined with a dramatically increasing prevalence of obesity among pregnant women has precipitated a major health crisis in the United States. The most commonly used recommendations for gestational weight gain were established by the Institute of Medicine (IOM) in 2009 and have become well known and often adopted. The authors of the IOM report acknowledged that the recommended gestational weight gain of 5 to 9 kg for obese women whose body mass index was greater than 30 kg/m(2) was based on very little empirical evidence. The objective of this study was to evaluate whether a 5 to 9 kg weight gain, for obese women, optimized a set of maternal and neonatal health outcomes. METHODS: Data containing approximately 12,000,000 birth records were obtained from the United States Natality database for the years 2014 to 2016. A Bayesian modeling approach was used to estimate the controlled direct effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain. RESULTS: Obese women gaining less than 5 kg during pregnancy had reduced maternal risks for gestational hypertension, eclampsia, induction of labor and Caesarian section. In contrast, maternal gestational weight gain of less than 5 kg was associated with increased risks for multiple adverse neonatal outcomes with macrosomia the exception. Obese women who gained more than 9 kg during pregnancy had increased risk for multiple maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Obese women who were observed to gain less than 5 kg during gestation had reduced odds of several peripartum disorders. However, this lower gestational weight gain was associated with an increase in multiple risks for the neonate.
[A case of transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a twin infant of a diabetic mother].; The case is reported of a dizygotic twin infant of a diabetic mother with transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The clinical course and eco-ecg reports are described. The etiopathogenesis is discussed since no evidence of cardiomyopathy was found in the second twin. The importance of a timely diagnosis for a correct therapy is emphasized.
Placental and cord blood brain derived neurotrophic factor levels are decreased in nondiabetic macrosomia.; PURPOSE: To measure levels of placental brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) gene expression and umbilical cord blood BDNF in neonates with nondiabetic macrosomia and determine associations between these levels and macrosomia. METHODS: This case-control study included 58 nondiabetic macrosomic and 59 normal birth weight mother-infant pairs. Data were collected from interviews and our hospital's database. BDNF gene expression was quantified in placental tissues using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (n = 117). Umbilical cord blood BDNF levels were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (n = 90). Multivariate logistic regression models were used to evaluate associations between BDNF levels and macrosomia. RESULTS: Placental BDNF gene expression (P = 0.026) and cord blood BDNF (P = 0.008) were lower in neonates with nondiabetic macrosomia than in normal birth weight controls. Cord blood BDNF was significantly lower in vaginally delivered macrosomic neonates than vaginally delivered controls (P = 0.014), but cord BDNF did not differ between vaginal and cesarean section delivery modes in macrosomic neonates. Cord blood BDNF was positively associated with gestational age in control neonates (r = 0.496, P < 0.001), but not in macrosomic neonates. Cord blood BDNF was positively associated with placental BDNF relative expression (r (s) = 0.245, P = 0.02) in the total group. Higher cord blood BDNF levels were independently associated with protection against nondiabetic macrosomia (adjusted odds ratio 0.992; 95% confidence interval 0.986-0.998). CONCLUSIONS: Both placental BDNF gene expression and cord blood BDNF were downregulated in neonates with nondiabetic macrosomia compared with normal birth weight neonates. Cord BDNF may partly derive from BDNF secreted by the placenta. Higher cord plasma BDNF levels protected against nondiabetic macrosomia.
Detection of the fetus at risk.; Successful reproduction has ensured the survival of the human race despite disease and famine. However, a good standard of living, combined with a well-balanced diet, is closely related to low maternal, perinatal and infant mortality rates. In the third world, anaemia, rheumatic heart disease, tuberculosis and other infections are still common and the poorly nourished are more susceptible to them. In the Western world food is plentiful but often the individual's diet is poorly balanced. Invariably the fetus takes all the nutrients required from the mother and, if a deficiency occurs, this is reflected in the maternal reserves only. The weight of the baby at birth has a wide biological variation and correlates in the extremes with maternal weight but there are many other factors responsible for fetal growth. In early pregnancy the developing embryo may be susceptible to specific dietary deficiencies and structural malformations may result. A clear link has recently been established between folic acid supplementation and the prevention of recurrence of neural tube defects. Excessive doses of vitamin A should be avoided.
Elevated plasma soluble (pro)renin receptor levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and renal function in chronic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction.; Soluble (pro)renin receptor [s(P)RR], which is generated from cleavage of (P)RR, can be detected in plasma and urine. s(P)RR levels can reflect the severity of some diseases, such as renal lesions, gestational diabetes mellitus or hypertension, and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. However, the relationship between s(P)RR levels and the severity of chronic heart failure remains undetermined. We studied s(P)RR levels in 118 patients with chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), including 86 without renal dysfunction (HF) and 32 with renal dysfunction (HF + RF), and 28 healthy subjects (HS) to reveal the relationship between s(P)RR levels and other HFrEF parameters. Plasma s(P)RR levels were 22.2 ± 4.1 ng/mL (HS), 26.4 ± 5.3 ng/ mL (HF) and 30.0 ± 5.3 ng/mL (HF + RF). Plasma s(P)RR levels were significantly higher in the HF group than in the HS group (P < 0.001) and even more increased in the HF + RF group (P < 0.001 vs. the HS group and P < 0.05 vs. the HF group). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that the left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were independently related to s(P)RR levels in HFrEF patients. In conclusion, high plasma s(P)RR levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and, especially, with renal dysfunction. Therefore, s(P)RR is a promising evaluative indicator for the severity of HFrEF patients.
Median cleft lip without holoprosencephaly. Case report.; A patient with median cleft lip is reported, but the patient showed no evidence of holoprosencephaly, which was ruled out by MRI. When the neonate's head circumference is within two standard deviations of the mean and normotelorism occurs with median cleft lip, it can be assumed that the brain is not holoprosencephalic. The importance of this cannot be overemphasized because median cleft lip is commonly associated with holoprosencephaly and severe microcephaly. The mother developed overt diabetes mellitus after the patient was born. However, infants of diabetic mothers are known to be at increased risk of giving birth to infants with holoprosencephaly. Since a prediabetic woman may sometimes give birth to large and/or malformed infants before developing overt diabetes mellitus, it is intriguing to speculate that the prediabetic state might have resulted in a forme fruste of holoprosencephaly, affecting, in this case, only the face and not the brain.
Renal allograft function and cardiovascular risk in recipients of kidney transplantation after successful pregnancy.; Successful pregnancy is one of the better indicators of quality of life for women who are of child-bearing age with restored fertility after kidney transplantation. Our objective was to evaluate whether pregnancy represented a risk factor for worsening of renal function or for cardiovascular disease among renal transplant recipients. From 1976 to 2007, we followed 30 successful pregnancies in 27 renal recipients in our hospital; three women had two twin gestations. We compared this population with 27 women with renal transplants who were not pregnant. They were of similar ages at transplantation (pregnant 31.1 +/- 5.4 years vs not pregnant 31.3 +/- 5.4 years, P = NS) and similar evolution time between kidney transplantation and pregnancy (51.5 +/- 36 months vs 47.2 +/- 41 months respective; P = NS). There were no acute rejection episodes or graft losses. Renal function measured by serum creatinine and MDRD4 at the end of pregnancy was lower among the pregnant compared with the control group: mainly, 1.1 +/- 0.2 mg/dL versus 0.9 +/- 0.2 mg/dL (P = .05), and 66 +/- 20 mL/min/1.73 m(2) versus 80 +/- 26 mL/min/1.73 m(2) (P = .03). At 1 and 10 years, renal function was similar among the groups. Ten pregnant women developed preeclampsia (37%) and three, gestational diabetes mellitus (11%). There was one major cardiovascular event (4%; acute myocardial infarction) among the pregnant group, whereas there were two in the control group (7.4%; stroke and severe hypertensive retinopathy). One death occurred in each group secondary to cardiovascular complications. Our results showed that successful pregnancy after renal transplantation did not represent a long-term risk factor to worsen renal function and or produce severe cardiovascular complications. Therefore, pregnancy should be promoted. for young women with renal transplants that show excellent function.
The effect of pregnancy on the natural course of diabetic retinopathy.; To determine the influence of pregnancy on the retinas of insulin-dependent diabetics, we assessed 53 diabetic women by retinal photography every six weeks throughout pregnancy and for six months post partum. Thirty-nine nonpregnant insulin-dependent diabetics of childbearing age served as controls. Of the 39 controls, 18 (46.2%) had retinopathy. Of the 53 pregnant women, 33 (62%) had retinopathy at the first examination and eight others (15%) developed it as pregnancy advanced, significantly increasing the prevalence of retinopathy during pregnancy to 77.4%. Progressive changes occurred as pregnancy advanced; microaneurysms moderately increased, hemorrhages appeared in 30 (56.6%), and soft exudates in 15 (28.3%). Four patients (7.5%) had neovascularization, one for the first time. The condition of all four deteriorated during pregnancy. Six months after delivery the background changes had regressed to control levels. Neovascularization showed some regression. Duration of disease was related to the development and progression of retinopathy; every pregnant patient who had had diabetes for ten years had retinopathy. Retinal hemorrhages or neovascularization were associated with increased infant morbidity. Hemorrhages and exudates behaved independently and were associated with different risk factors, but increased insulin requirements and polyhydramnios were important risk factors in the development of retinal hemorrhages. Low fasting blood glucose levels late in pregnancy were significantly associated with soft exudates.
Classical Cardiovascular Risk Markers in Pregnancy and Associations to Uteroplacental Acute Atherosis.; Uteroplacental acute atherosis (AA) is a pregnancy-specific arterial lesion resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. AA is frequent in preeclamptic pregnancies, which associate with increased long-term maternal risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that AA in pregnant women associates with classical risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, glucose intolerance, elevated C-reactive protein, age, and body mass index. We included 237 women delivered by cesarean section (healthy pregnancies, n=94; preeclampsia, n=87; pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, n=39; diabetes mellitus with preeclampsia, n=17). They provided blood before delivery for biomarker analyses. AA was diagnosed by immunohistochemistry in uteroplacental (decidual) tissue collected after placental removal. Statistical analyses were performed with Mann-Whitney test. Levels of traditional cardiovascular markers were not associated with decidual AA within the groups of women with normotensive pregnancies, preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, or diabetes mellitus superimposed with preeclampsia. However, the oldest patient age quartile (36-43 years old) with AA had significantly higher levels of LDL (low-density lipoprotein) and apolipoprotein B (both P<0.01) than women of the same age without AA. AA was associated with elevated median prepregnancy/early pregnancy systolic blood pressure ( P=0.01) in the total cohort, but as preeclampsia was strongly associated with this finding ( P<0.01), this was likely caused by a large proportion of preeclamptic pregnancies in the AA group (62.7%). Our findings demonstrate that dyslipidemia associated with cardiovascular risk is a feature of uteroplacental AA in older women, not of AA in pregnancy in general.
Early and late pregnancy loss in women with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing IVF/ICSI treatment: a retrospective cohort analysis of 21 820 pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To examine early and late pregnancy loss in women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing IVF/ICSI transfers. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Reproductive medicine centre at a tertiary hospital. POPULATION: We studied women with a positive β-human chorionic gonadotropin (β-hCG) after in vitro fertilisation/intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) treatment from May 2014 to April 2019. METHODS: Odds ratios (OR) for early (≤13 weeks) and late (>13 weeks) pregnancy loss were calculated among women with and without PCOS for plurality of the pregnancy with adjustment for confounding factors. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Early pregnancy loss (EPL) and late pregnancy loss (LPL). RESULTS: From 21 820 women identified with a positive β-hCG, 2357 (10.8%) women had PCOS, and 19 463 (89.2%) women did not. EPL occurred in 16.6% (391) of women with PCOS versus 18.3% (3565) in women with non-PCOS (OR 0.89, 95% CI 0.79-0.99, P = 0.04). After adjustment for age and other confounders, the rate of EPL was not statistically significantly associated with PCOS status (adjusted OR [aOR] 0.91, 95% CI 0.80-1.05). Women with PCOS demonstrated a higher rate of LPL (6.4% in PCOS versus 3.6% in non-PCOS, OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.48-2.21, P < 0.001). In multivariable analysis, the potential impact of PCOS was less strong (aOR 1.38, 95% CI 0.96-1.98), with BMI and maternal comorbidities also associated with LPL (aOR 1.08, 95% CI 1.04-1.1 and aOR 2.07, 95% CI 1.43-3.00, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Polycystic ovary syndrome was not independently associated with EPL. There was an increased risk of LPL but this difference was not statistically significant. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Polycystic ovary syndrome women are at increased risk of late pregnancy loss, partly driven by elevated BMI and maternal comorbidities.
Association of Gestational Weight Gain With Adverse Maternal and Infant Outcomes.; IMPORTANCE: Both low and high gestational weight gain have been associated with adverse maternal and infant outcomes, but optimal gestational weight gain remains uncertain and not well defined for all prepregnancy weight ranges. OBJECTIVES: To examine the association of ranges of gestational weight gain with risk of adverse maternal and infant outcomes and estimate optimal gestational weight gain ranges across prepregnancy body mass index categories. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Individual participant-level meta-analysis using data from 196 670 participants within 25 cohort studies from Europe and North America (main study sample). Optimal gestational weight gain ranges were estimated for each prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) category by selecting the range of gestational weight gain that was associated with lower risk for any adverse outcome. Individual participant-level data from 3505 participants within 4 separate hospital-based cohorts were used as a validation sample. Data were collected between 1989 and 2015. The final date of follow-up was December 2015. EXPOSURES: Gestational weight gain. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The main outcome termed any adverse outcome was defined as the presence of 1 or more of the following outcomes: preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and small or large size for gestational age at birth. RESULTS: Of the 196 670 women (median age, 30.0 years [quartile 1 and 3, 27.0 and 33.0 years] and 40 937 were white) included in the main sample, 7809 (4.0%) were categorized at baseline as underweight (BMI <18.5); 133 788 (68.0%), normal weight (BMI, 18.5-24.9); 38 828 (19.7%), overweight (BMI, 25.0-29.9); 11 992 (6.1%), obesity grade 1 (BMI, 30.0-34.9); 3284 (1.7%), obesity grade 2 (BMI, 35.0-39.9); and 969 (0.5%), obesity grade 3 (BMI, ≥40.0). Overall, any adverse outcome occurred in 37.2% (n = 73 161) of women, ranging from 34.7% (2706 of 7809) among women categorized as underweight to 61.1% (592 of 969) among women categorized as obesity grade 3. Optimal gestational weight gain ranges were 14.0 kg to less than 16.0 kg for women categorized as underweight; 10.0 kg to less than 18.0 kg for normal weight; 2.0 kg to less than 16.0 kg for overweight; 2.0 kg to less than 6.0 kg for obesity grade 1; weight loss or gain of 0 kg to less than 4.0 kg for obesity grade 2; and weight gain of 0 kg to less than 6.0 kg for obesity grade 3. These gestational weight gain ranges were associated with low to moderate discrimination between those with and those without adverse outcomes (range for area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.55-0.76). Results for discriminative performance in the validation sample were similar to the corresponding results in the main study sample (range for area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.51-0.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this meta-analysis of pooled individual participant data from 25 cohort studies, the risk for adverse maternal and infant outcomes varied by gestational weight gain and across the range of prepregnancy weights. The estimates of optimal gestational weight gain may inform prenatal counseling; however, the optimal gestational weight gain ranges had limited predictive value for the outcomes assessed.
Long-term mental wellbeing of adolescents and young adults diagnosed with venous thromboembolism: results from a multistage mixed methods study.; Essentials Long-term mental wellbeing of adolescents and young adults with venous thromboembolism is unclear. This multistage mixed methods study was based on Danish nationwide registry data and interviews. Mental wellbeing is negatively impacted in the long-term and uncertainty of recurrence is pivotal. The perceived health threat is more important than disease severity for long-term mental wellbeing. SUMMARY: Background Critical and chronic illness in youth can lead to impaired mental wellbeing. Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a potentially traumatic and life-threatening condition. Nonetheless, the long-term mental wellbeing of adolescents and young adults (AYAS) with VTE is unclear. Objectives To investigate the long-term mental wellbeing of AYAS (aged 13-33 years) diagnosed with VTE. Methods We performed a multistage mixed method study based on data from the Danish nationwide health registries, and semistructured interviews with 12 AYAS diagnosed with VTE. An integrated mixed methods interpretation of the findings was conducted through narrative weaving and joint displays. Results The integrated mixed methods interpretation showed that the mental wellbeing of AYAS with VTE had a chronic perspective, with a persistently higher risk of psychotropic drug purchase among AYAS with a first-time diagnosis of VTE than among sex-matched and age-matched population controls and AYAS with a first-time diagnosis of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Impaired mental wellbeing was largely connected to a fear of recurrence and concomitant uncertainty. Therefore, it was important for the long-term mental wellbeing to navigate uncertainty. The perceived health threat played a more profound role in long-term mental wellbeing than disease severity, as the potential life threat was the pivot which pointed back to the initial VTE and forward to the perception of future health threat and the potential risk of dying of a recurrent event. Conclusion Our findings show that the long-term mental wellbeing of AYAS diagnosed with VTE is negatively affected, and highlights these patients' need for adequate support.
Wintertime Wood Smoke, Traffic Particle Pollution, and Preeclampsia.; Previous studies have reported associations between ambient fine particle concentrations and preeclampsia; however, the impact of particulate pollution on early- and late-onset preeclampsia is understudied. Furthermore, few studies have examined the association between source-specific particles such as markers of traffic pollution or wood combustion on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Electronic medical records and birth certificate data were linked with land-use regression models in Monroe County, New York for 2009 to 2013 to predict monthly pollutant concentrations for each pregnancy until the date of clinical diagnosis during winter (November-April) for 16 116 births. Up to 30% of ambient wintertime fine particle concentrations in Monroe County, New York is from wood combustion. Multivariable logistic regression was used to separately estimate the odds of preeclampsia (all, early-, and late-onset) associated with each interquartile range increase in fine particles, traffic pollution, and woodsmoke concentrations during each gestational month, adjusting for maternal characteristics, birth hospital, temperature, and relative humidity. Each 3.64 µg/m(3) increase in fine particle concentration was associated with an increased odds of early-onset preeclampsia during the first (odds ratio, 1.35 [95% CI, 1.08-1.68]), second (odds ratio, 1.51 [95% CI, 1.23-1.86]), and third (odds ratio, 1.25 [95% CI, 1.06-1.46]) gestational months. Increases in traffic pollution and woodsmoke during the first gestational month were also associated with increased odds of early-onset preeclampsia. Increased odds of late-onset preeclampsia were not observed. Our findings suggest that exposure to wintertime particulate pollution may have the greatest effect on maternal cardiovascular health during early pregnancy.
In vitro hyperglycemia or a diabetic intrauterine environment reduces neonatal endothelial colony-forming cell numbers and function.; OBJECTIVE: Emerging data demonstrate that maternal diabetes has long-term health consequences for offspring, including the development of hypertension. In adults, circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) participate in vascular repair, and EPC numbers and function inversely correlate with the risk of developing vascular disease. Therefore, our objectives were to determine whether hyperglycemia or exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment alters EPC function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We used well-established clonogenic endothelial colony-forming cell (ECFC) assays and murine transplantation experiments to examine human vasculogenesis. RESULTS: Both in vitro hyperglycemia and a diabetic intrauterine environment reduced ECFC colony formation, self-renewal capacity, and capillary-like tube formation in matrigel. This cellular phenotype was linked to premature senescence and reduced proliferation. Further, cord blood ECFCs from diabetic pregnancies formed fewer chimeric vessels de novo after transplantation into immunodeficient mice compared with neonatal ECFCs harvested from uncomplicated pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS; Collectively, these data demonstrate that hyperglycemia or exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment diminishes neonatal ECFC function both in vitro and in vivo, providing potential mechanistic insights into the long-term cardiovascular complications observed in newborns of diabetic pregnancies.
[Polydactyly, holoprosencephaly, cleft lip and cleft palate are not always what they seem: Case report].; We report a male infant with midline defects, congenital heart disease and polydactyly, features suggestive of trisomy 13. However, the report of the karyotype was normal. By clinical findings the final diagnosis was likely to be Pseudotrisomy 13. Although the prognosis is poor in both conditions, the genetic study is always necessary to establish an adequate genetic counseling. Although there are syndromes with similar presentation as Meckel syndrome, Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome, Pallister-Hall syndrome and hydrolethalus, it is possible to make a diagnostic approach based on the perinatal history, birth weight, survival time, and some characteristics of each syndrome. However, limitations may exist to perform genetic studies in some countries, therefore the clinical criteria may be relevant.
Prenatal Breastfeeding Counseling Intervention in Women with Pre-Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Data on breastfeeding rates and targeted interventions in women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus are inconclusive. The aim of the study was to evaluate breastfeeding rates up to one year postpartum and whether targeted counseling towards the end of pregnancy can impact breastfeeding rates and duration. An additional goal was to evaluate whether counseling affected women's perceptions regarding breastfeeding. METHODS: Women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus were cluster-randomized between 32 and 36 weeks of gestation, either to face-to-face instruction with a certified lactation consultant or to receive written information on breastfeeding. Thirty-eight women without diabetes served as controls and were given written information on breastfeeding. All women filled out a questionnaire regarding intended breastfeeding duration, exclusivity, and perceptions, before intervention and at three, six, and twelve months post-partum. RESULTS: Fifty-two women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus consented to participate. All completed the questionnaires, 26 in each group. At three, six, and twelve months postpartum, rates of any breastfeeding were around 60%, 50%, and 30%, respectively. Approximately one-third breastfed exclusively in each group at three and six months. No significant difference in breastfeeding rates was noted between face-to-face instruction, written information, and controls. End-of-pregnancy counseling improved confidence in breastfeeding knowledge and confidence in being able to manage blood glucose. CONCLUSIONS: Breastfeeding rates in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus were comparable to those of women without diabetes and were unchanged by mode of instruction at the end of pregnancy. However, targeted diabetes-oriented breastfeeding instruction at the end of pregnancy improved knowledge and confidence among women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus.
Cardiovascular health after maternal placental syndromes (CHAMPS): population-based retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal placental syndromes, including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and abruption or infarction of the placenta, probably originate from diseased placental vessels. The syndromes arise most often in women who have metabolic risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including obesity, pre-pregnancy hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidaemia. Our aim was to assess the risk of premature vascular disease in women who had had a pregnancy affected by maternal placental syndromes. METHODS: We did a population-based retrospective cohort study in Ontario, Canada, of 1.03 million women who were free from cardiovascular disease before their first documented delivery. We defined the following as maternal placental syndromes: pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, placental abruption, and placental infarction. Our primary endpoint was a composite of cardiovascular disease, defined as hospital admission or revascularisation for coronary artery, cerebrovascular, or peripheral artery disease at least 90 days after the delivery discharge date. FINDINGS: The mean (SD) age of participants was 28.2 (5.5) years at the index delivery, and 75 380 (7%) women were diagnosed with a maternal placental syndrome. The incidence of cardiovascular disease was 500 per million person-years in women who had had a maternal placental syndrome compared with 200 per million in women who had not (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 2.0, 95 CI 1.7-2.2). This risk was higher in the combined presence of a maternal placental syndrome and poor fetal growth (3.1, 2.2-4.5) or a maternal placental syndrome and intrauterine fetal death (4.4, 2.4-7.9), relative to neither. INTERPRETATION: The risk of premature cardiovascular disease is higher after a maternal placental syndrome, especially in the presence of fetal compromise. Affected women should have their blood pressure and weight assessed about 6 months postpartum, and a healthy lifestyle should be emphasised.
Occupational exposure to noise in relation to pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders and diabetes.; Objectives Exposure to environmental noise has been associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases and diabetes, but evidence for occupational noise is limited and conflicting, especially related to pregnancy outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate the association of occupational noise exposure with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes. Methods Our population-based cohort study utilized data on 1 109 516 singletons born to working mothers in Sweden between 1994-2014 from the Medical Birth Register and the Longitudinal Integration Database for Health Insurance and Labor Market Studies. Noise exposure came from a job exposure matrix (JEM) in five categories <70, 70-74, 75-80, 80-85, >85 dB(A). Relative risks (RR), adjusted for confounders and other job exposures, were calculated by modified Poisson regressions for the full sample and a subsample of first-time mothers reporting full-time work. Results Exposure to 80-85 dB(A) of noise was associated with an increased risk of all HDP [RR 1.12, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05-1.18] and preeclampsia alone (RR 1.14, 95% CI 1.07-1.22) in the full sample. Results were similar for first-pregnancy, full-time workers. Exposure to >85 dB(A) of noise was also associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes (RR 1.57, 95% CI 1.10-2.24) in the analysis restricted to first-time mothers working full-time. Conclusion In this study, exposure to noise was associated with an increased risk for HDP and gestational diabetes, particularly in first-time mothers who work full-time. Further research is needed to confirm findings and identify the role of hearing protection on this association so prevention policies can be implemented.
Metabolic Syndrome Prevalence in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Second Trimester of Gravidity.; Background: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have an increased risk of metabolic syndrome (MS) after delivery. MS could precede gravidity. The aims of this study were (i) to detect the prevalence of MS in women at the time of GDM diagnosis, (ii) to detect the prevalence of MS in the subgroup of GDM patients with any form of impaired glucose tolerance after delivery (PGI), and (iii) to determine whether GDM women with MS have a higher risk of peripartal adverse outcomes. Methods: A cross-sectional observational study comprised n = 455 women with GDM. International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria for MS definition were modified to the pregnancy situation. Results: MS was detected in 22.6% of GDM patients in those with PGI 40%. The presence of MS in GDM patients was associated with two peripartal outcomes: higher incidence of pathologic Apgar score and macrosomia (p = 0.01 resp. p = 0.0004, chi-square). Conclusions: The presence of MS in GDM patients is a statistically significant risk factor (p = 0.04 chi-square) for PGI. A strong clinical implication of our findings might be to include MS diagnostics within GDM screening using modified MS criteria in the second trimester of pregnancy.
[Contraception in women with diabetes mellitus].; Contraception in women suffering of diabetes mellitus is an important question mainly due to it has been proven that pregnancy outcome both for the fetus and for the mother depends on glycemic control before conception right to delivery. That's made planning of future pregnancy mandatory for patients with diabetes mellitus. Patients are advised for contraception until optimization of metabolic control has been achieved or until complete and contemporary treatment of the diabetes complications has been fulfilled. Incorrect contraceptive method could extend metabolic disorders and to reinforce vascular complications of the diabetes. Choice of contraception depends on the aim: short lasting contraception aiming on future pregnancy planning or long lasting contraception aiming on family planning. In women with diabetes mellitus it is extremely important to take into consideration such factors as type of the diabetes, its lasting, degree of metabolic compensation, presence of diabetic complications, body-mass index of the patient, presence of risk factors for cardiovascular diseases and future pregnancy planning. In cases when pregnancy is planning it has been preferred local contraception, such as condoms, diaphragms. In cases of nullipara or in women with plenty of partners, condoms are method of choice. In women who gave birth intrauterine device is such a method. In women with diabetes mellitus type I (insulin dependent diabetes mellitus) it is possible to use hormonal contraception depending on patient's request or on medical indications only in cases when diabetes has less than 15 years duration and microangiopathic complications and other vascular risk factors lack. Combined hormonal contraceptive preparations have to contain less than 30 microg ethinylestradiol and gestagen of "third" or "fourth" generation. This contraception has to be prescribed together with insulin dosage correction and demands on strict metabolic control of the diabetes and body weight. When the combined preparations are contraindicated it could be suggested progestagenic oral hormonal contraception if gynecologic contraindications lack and if this not leads to menstrual disturbances. In women with diabetes mellitus type II (non insulin dependent diabetes mellitus) combined hormonal contraceptives has not to be used, because they could provoke clinical manifestation and deteriorate progress of the diabetes mellitus.
Congenital Abnormalities of the Male Reproductive System and Risk of Autism Spectrum Disorders.; Androgens have an extensive influence on brain development in regions of the brain that are relevant for autism spectrum disorder (ASD), yet their etiological involvement remains unclear. Hypospadias (abnormal positioning of the urethral opening) and cryptorchidism (undescended testes) are 2 relatively common male birth defects that are strongly associated with prenatal androgen deficiencies. Having either disorder is a proxy indicator of atypical gestational androgen exposure, yet the association between these disorders and autism has not been extensively studied. We analyzed male singleton live births (n = 224,598) occurring from January 1, 1999, through December 31, 2013, in a large Israeli health-care organization. Boys with autism, cryptorchidism, and hypospadias were identified via International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, codes, with further verification of autism case status by review of medical records. In multivariable-adjusted analyses, the odds ratio for ASD among boys with either condition was 1.62 (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.44, 1.82). The odds ratio for boys with cryptorchidism only was 1.55 (95% CI: 1.34, 1.78), and that for boys with hypospadias only was 1.65 (95% CI: 1.38, 1.98). ASD risk was not elevated among unaffected brothers of hypospadias or cryptorchidism cases, despite familial aggregation of all 3 conditions, providing some indication for the possibility of pregnancy-specific risk factors driving the observed associations. Results suggest that in-utero hypoandrogenicity could play a role in ASD etiology.
Use of thrombomodulin-modified thrombin generation in uncomplicated pregnancy: the normal range and prothrombotic phenotype.; Pregnancy is a hypercoagulable state associated with an increased risk of venous thrombosis. Thrombomodulin(TM)-modified thrombin generation is a promising laboratory method to detect the thrombotic tendency and prothrombotic phenotype. 141 women were enrolled: 30 healthy non-pregnant controls, 85 healthy pregnant women (26 in 1st trimester, 28 in 2nd trimester, 31 in 3rd trimester), and 26 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Thrombin generation was measured using platelet poor plasma (PPP) TM + and PPP TM- reagents. The parameters were endogenous thrombin potential (ETP), Lagtime, Peak Height, time to peak and ETP ratio(ETP(TM+)/ETP(TM-)). Protein S-depleted plasma samples with different activity were prepared and measured. Pregnancy was associated with a significant decrease of ETP in the presence of TM, compared with that found in the absence of TM. This was observed in all trimesters (1st trimester 1185.67 ± 284.95 nM*min vs.1510.39 ± 281.90 nM*min, p < .001; 2nd trimester 1458.96 ± 349.65 nM*min vs. 1929.10 ± 316.98 nM*min, p < .001; 3rd trimester 1391.60 ± 317.05 nM*min vs. 1854.88 ± 327.60 nM*min, p < .001). The ETP ratio was also markedly increased in all trimesters (0.78 ± 0.10, 0.76 ± 0.11 and 0.74 ± 0.12) compared with that of non-pregnant controls (0.51 ± 0.17, p < .001). The results of ETP ratio in protein S-depleted plasmas were 0.986, 0.943 and 0.880 with 0%, 16% and 40% of protein S activity, which indirect represented the thrombotic phenotype of PS deficiency in pregnancy. TM-modified thrombin generation serves as a useful test for hypercoagulation in pregnant women. The ETP ratio and the reference range of ETP in the presence of TM could provide the basis to predict the risk of thrombotic complications during pregnancy.
Insulin resistance and metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder with widespread systemic manifestations affecting 5-10% of women of reproductive age. The accompanying insulin resistance and hypeinsulinemia mark this syndrome as a prediabetic state, with high incidence of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes, and overt diabetes. Other metabolic and biochemical changes, such as hypertension and dyslipidemia, increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Fertility may also be impaired due to anovulation, impaired implantation, and higher rates of spontaneous abortions. All of these effects may also be related to hyperinsulinemia. Metformin, as insulin-sensitizing drug, is being evaluated for its potential long-term disease-modifying effect, such as prevention of diabetes. Its use may also help restore spontaneous ovulation and improve menstrual cyclicity, improve the success rate of induction of ovulation with clomiphene citrate and FSH, and decrease the high rate of ovarian hyperstimulation and early pregnancy loss. Nevertheless, these new exiting potential benefits of metformin should be evaluated in large randomized controlled studies, and clinicians must counsel women appropriately before the initiation of metformin therapy.
[Massive increase of foetal abdominal circumference due to hereditary polycystic kidney disease].; Autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease (ARPKD) is a rare condition with a poor prognosis. We report on a 30-year-old primagravid woman in the 34th) week of gestation who was admitted to our hospital. ARPKD of the foetus had been sonographically suspected since the 26th week of gestation. Ultrasound examination showed big polycystic kidneys on both sides. The non-consanguineous parents wanted a maximum therapy for the infant. Foetal digitalisation because of heart insufficiency and prophylactic lung maturation was started. In the further course, Doppler sonographic values worsened and a Caesarean section was performed in the 34th week of gestation at the demand of the parents and due to the expected problems in case of a vaginal delivery. The weight of the newborn was 3,780 g and the abdominal circumference was 50 cm. The newborn was intubated immediately after birth and artificial ventilation was performed. Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was not possible due to the bad cardial condition. The boy died 16 h after delivery. The parents refused genetic examination and autopsy of the newborn. ARPKD is a severe disease that may have obstetric relevance, due to the massively increased abdominal circumference. Therefore, termination of pregnancy or preterm induction of labor should be considered in order to avoid Caesarean section. Additionally, early prenatal diagnosis with genetic analysis of PRKD1 in cases of suspected ARPKD can be helpful.
Maternal and perinatal outcomes amongst haemoglobinopathy carriers: a systematic review.; With the introduction of screening programmes for haemoglobinopathies (HbP), more women will be aware of their HbP status. The genetic risk for women who are carriers of HbP is well known. However, midwives and obstetricians need to know whether there are other risks involved in the pregnancies of women who are carriers of HbP. The objective of this study was to investigate the hypothesis that being a carrier of HbP has no consequences for the health of pregnant women and the outcome of their pregnancies. A systematic search was carried out until August 2008 in the Cochrane Library, Medline, EMBASE and CINAHL databases. All references were inspected to identify further studies. The authors of key publications were contacted for any unpublished research. Selection of studies was made on the basis of the following criteria: Cohort and case-control studies, pregnant women with a singleton pregnancy, exposure: HbAS or thalassaemia minor and the following outcomes: urinary tract infection (UTI), anaemia, (pre-)eclampsia, gestational diabetes, premature labour, low birth weight, intrauterine growth retardation, miscarriage, neonatal death, low Apgar score, neural tube defects. Quality assessment and data extraction were carried out by two researchers. A total of 780 subjects were identified of which nine were included in the study. A protective effect of sickle cell trait was found for premature birth, low Apgar score and perinatal mortality rate. No significant effect was found for low birth weight, growth retardation, UTI or high blood pressure. The risk of anaemia and bacteriuria was increased. In conclusion, the risks amongst pregnant HbP carriers are low. Midwives and obstetricians need to be aware of the risk of anaemia and UTI.
The Role of Vitamin D and Its Molecular Bases in Insulin Resistance, Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome, and Cardiovascular Disease: State of the Art.; In the last decade, an increasing awareness was directed to the role of Vitamin D in non-skeletal and preventive roles for chronic diseases. Vitamin D is an essential hormone in regulating calcium/phosphorous balance and in the pathogenesis of inflammation, insulin resistance, and obesity. The main forms of vitamin D, Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D3) and Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) are converted into the active form (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D) thanks to two hydroxylations in the liver, kidney, pancreas, and immune cells. Some anti-inflammatory cytokines are produced at higher levels by vitamin D, while some pro-inflammatory cytokines are released at lower levels. Toll-Like Receptor (TLR) expression is increased, and a pro-inflammatory state is also linked to low levels of vitamin D. Regardless of how it affects inflammation, various pathways suggest that vitamin D directly improves insulin sensitivity and secretion. The level of vitamin D in the body may change the ratio of pro- to anti-inflammatory cytokines, which would impact insulin action, lipid metabolism, and the development and function of adipose tissue. Many studies have demonstrated an inverse relationship between vitamin D concentrations and pro-inflammatory markers, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. It is interesting to note that several long-term studies also revealed an inverse correlation between vitamin D levels and the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. Vitamin D supplementation in people has controversial effects. While some studies demonstrated improvements in insulin sensitivity, glucose, and lipid metabolism, others revealed no significant effect on glycemic homeostasis and inflammation. This review aims to provide insight into the molecular basis of the relationship between vitamin D, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type 1 and 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases.
Promoting Glutathione Synthesis: A Possibility for Treating Cardiomyopathy Induced by a Maternal Western Diet.; BACKGROUND: The adverse effects of a Western diet on obesity and diabetes among reproductive-aged women pose a significant threat to the cardiovascular health of their offspring. Given the crucial role of glutathione metabolism and glutathione-related antioxidant defense systems in cardiovascular diseases through scavenging ROS and maintaining redox homeostasis, further exploration of their specific influence is imperative to develop therapeutic strategies for cardiomyopathy induced by a maternal Western diet. METHODS: We developed a prenatal maternal Western diet exposure model in C57/B6 mice to investigate cardiac morphology and function through histological analysis and echocardiography. RNA sequencing and analysis were utilized to elucidate the mechanisms underlying the impact of a maternal Western diet and N-acetylcysteine treatment on cardiomyopathy. Additionally, ELISAs, transmission electron microscopy, and flow cytometry were employed to assess the antioxidant defense system and mitochondrial ROS levels in progenitor cardiomyocytes. RESULTS: N-acetylcysteine significantly mitigated cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, myocardial interstitial fibrosis, collagen type I accumulation, and left ventricular remodeling induced by a maternal Western diet, particularly in male offspring. Furthermore, N-acetylcysteine reversed the increase in apoptosis and the increase in the β/α-MyHC ratio in the myocardium of offspring that results from a maternal Western diet. RNA sequencing and GSEA revealed that the beneficial effects of N-acetylcysteine were linked to its ability to modulate oxidative phosphorylation pathways. Additionally, N-acetylcysteine treatment during pregnancy can markedly elevate glutathione levels, augment glutathione peroxidase (GPx) activity, and mitigate the accumulation of mitochondrial ROS caused by a maternal Western diet. CONCLUSIONS: N-acetylcysteine mitigated cardiomyopathy induced by a maternal Western diet by bolstering glutathione synthesis and enhancing GPx activity, thereby scavenging mitochondrial ROS and modulating oxidative phosphorylation pathways.
An epidemiological survey on low birth weight infants in China and analysis of outcomes of full-term low birth weight infants.; BACKGROUND: Low birth weight (LBW) is one of the leading causes of adverse perinatal outcomes and is closely related to neonatal disease and death. The incidence of LBW has been increasing. The aim of this study was to investigate the current incidence rate and factors affecting low birth weight infants and perinatal outcomes of full-term low birth weight infants in mainland China. METHODS: This paper describes a retrospective analysis of children born in 39 hospitals of different types in 14 different provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions in seven districts within China throughout 2011. The data were first collected in hardcopy format and then entered into computer network databases. Data covering a total of 112,441 cases were collected. Cases were excluded if data were incomplete and in the case of miscarriage before 24 weeks of gestation, multiple pregnancies, or induction of labor due to fetal malformation, intrauterine death, and other reasons, leaving a total of 101,163 cases. SPSS 18.0 and SAS 9.2 statistical packages were used to analyze the collected data. RESULTS: According to this research, the incidence of LBW in mainland China was 6.1%, which is higher than the 5.87% reported in 2000, and it varied across different areas. The incidence of LBW was significantly higher in tertiary care hospitals than in secondary care hospitals. LBW was found to be associated with maternal age of less than 20 years, low level of maternal education, previous histories of adverse pregnancies, and with pregnancy comorbidities and complications, such as hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, anemia, oligohydramnios, premature rupture of membranes, and gestational diabetes. The rates of stillbirths, severe neonatal asphyxia, and deaths among full-term LBW infants were 2.42%, 0.83%, and 3.49%, respectively. The rates of stillbirths and neonatal deaths among full-term LBW infants born by caesarean section were 0.5% and 1.0%, respectively, which was lower than vaginal delivery. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of LBW has increased in China. LBW is a leading cause of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Health care during pregnancy and management of high-risk factors for LBW may reduce the incidence of LWB and the death rate of LBW infants.
Reference ranges for GDF-15, and risk factors associated with GDF-15, in a large general population cohort.; OBJECTIVES: Growth differentiation factor (GDF)-15 is attracting interest as a biomarker in several areas of medicine. We aimed to evaluate the reference range for GDF-15 in a general population, and to explore demographics, classical cardiovascular disease risk factors, and other cardiac biomarkers associated with GDF-15. METHODS: GDF-15 was measured in serum from 19,462 individuals in the Generation Scotland Scottish Family Health Study. Associations of cardiometabolic risk factors with GDF-15 were tested using adjusted linear regression. Among 18,507 participants with no heart disease, heart failure, or stroke, and not pregnant, reference ranges (median and 97.5th centiles) were derived by decade age bands and sex. RESULTS: Among males in the reference range population, median (97.5th centile) GDF-15 concentration at age <30 years was 537 (1,135) pg/mL, rising to 931 (2,492) pg/mL at 50-59 years, and 2,152 (5,972) pg/mL at ≥80 years. In females, median GDF-15 at age <30 years was 628 (2,195) pg/mL, 881 (2,323) pg/mL at 50-59 years, and 1847 (6,830) pg/mL at ≥80 years. Among those known to be pregnant, median GDF-15 was 19,311 pg/mL. After adjustment, GDF-15 was higher in participants with adverse cardiovascular risk factors, including current smoking (+26.1%), those with previous heart disease (+12.7%), stroke (+17.1%), heart failure (+25.3%), and particularly diabetes (+60.2%). GDF-15 had positive associations with cardiac biomarkers cardiac troponin I, cardiac troponin T, and N-terminal pro B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP). CONCLUSIONS: These data define reference ranges for GDF-15 for comparison in future studies, and identify potentially confounding risk factors and mediators to be considered in interpreting GDF-15 concentrations.
[Diabetic mother's newborn with Goldenhar syndrome and cerebral malformations. Case report].; Goldenhar syndrome, also known as oculo-auriculo-vertebral syndrome, is a rare illness with unknown etiology. It happens in 1 of 50,000 newborns and is characterized by first and second brachial arch changes, with variable grades of hemifacial hypoplasia. We report a clinical case of a 39-years-old woman with a BMI of 33, family history of diabetes mellitus decease, and two fetal losses with unknown etiology. We first met patient at 24 gestational weeks. Second level ultrasound findings were: fetus with tri-ventricular obstructive hydrocephalia, symmetrical macrocranium, and occipital encephalocele. As her capilar glycaemia level was 197 to 338 mg/dL, diagnosis was gestational diabetes. Patient was scheduled to cesarian section and we obtain a newborn with: 2,050 g of weight, 45 cm of height, 38 cm of cephalic diameter, 6/7 Apgar score, and 33 gestational weeks (Capurro). Obesity and 2-type diabetes are well-known fetal malformation etiologies, due to insulin resistance. Maternal hyperglycemia causes oxidative stress in embryo cells, it changes Pax3 gene path, and causes several chromosomopaties and malformations; main perinatal mortality etiology, among them, are neural tube alterations. All together enable to establish this Goldenhar diagnosis: palpebral coloboma, facial asymmetry, external ear, upper hemivertebra, and microphthalmy.
Congenital heart disease in men - birth characteristics and reproduction: a national cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Women with congenital heart disease (CHD) are more often born preterm or small-for-gestational age and with a caesarean section. This pattern together with an increased risk of congenital anomalies seems to be repeated in the next generation. Information on the effect of paternal CHD on their offspring is sparse. In this study we investigated if men with CHD differ from those who do not have CHD with respect to characteristics related to their own births, their reproductive patterns and the neonatal outcomes of their children. METHODS: In this national cohort study data were derived from Swedish population-based registries. The population consists of all men born in 1973-1983 who were alive and living in Sweden at 13 years of age (n = 522 216). The index group is men with CHD (n = 2689). Men diagnosed with CHD were compared with men without CHD. The CHD were also divided into two groups, complex and simple CHD and comparisons between the groups were made. RESULTS: Men with CHD are more likely to have been born preterm (p < 0.001), small-for gestational-age (p < 0.001) or large-for-gestational-age (p < 0.001) than men without CHD. They are also more likely to have been the result of a twin pregnancy (p < 0.001) and to have been delivered by caesarean section (p < 0.001). Men with CHD have a decreased likelihood to become fathers compared to non-CHD men and in this study their offspring do not have a higher incidence of CHD than offspring to non-CHD fathers. The neonatal outcomes of children of men with CHD do not differ from the outcomes of children of non-CHD men. CONCLUSIONS: Men with CHD were more often born with non-optimal characteristics compared to men without the condition. However, the increased risk does not repeat itself in the next generation. This knowledge can lead to improved preconception counselling for couples in which the father has a CHD.
Utility of routine screening fetal echocardiogram in pregnancies conceived by in vitro fertilization.; OBJECTIVE: To study the incidence and clinical significance of congenital heart defects (CHDs) detected by fetal echocardiography in pregnancies conceived by in vitro fertilization (IVF). DESIGN: Cohort study comparing a prospectively maintained database of all fetal echocardiograms from 2012 to 2018 and pooled data from the Connecticut Birth Defects Registry and statewide hospital discharge data. SETTING: Large tertiary care center. PATIENT(S): A total of 181,749 live births and 9,252 fetal echocardiograms were analyzed. Fetal echocardiograms in patients with a previous child with a CHD, a family history of CHD, medication exposure, diabetes, anomaly in previous pregnancy, cardiac or other abnormality noted on previous ultrasound, or monochorionic twins were excluded from the final analysis. INTERVENTION(S): Treatment with IVF. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Incidence of CHD and odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Infant outcomes for cases of CHD were evaluated for clinically significant disease, defined a priori as disease requiring any medical or surgical intervention or continued follow-up with pediatric cardiology. RESULT(S): Fetal echocardiography was performed in 2,230 IVF pregnancies, of which 2,040 were without other known risk factors for CHD. The mean gestational age at the time of fetal echocardiography was 22.2 ± 1.4 weeks. The odds ratio for CHD in the IVF group compared with statewide population rates was 1.4 (95% CI 0.9-2.1). CHD was diagnosed in 26 fetuses, of which 21 were clinically insignificant ventricular septal defects. One fetal echocardiogram was concerning for pulmonary stenosis that was not present at birth. Four defects were clinically significant, indicating that 510 fetal echocardiograms were performed for every diagnosis of one clinically significant CHD in the IVF group. CONCLUSION(S): The incidence of CHD in IVF pregnancies without other risk factors is not significantly different from baseline population rates, and most CHDs diagnosed by fetal echocardiography in this group are clinically insignificant. Routine screening with fetal echocardiography in all IVF pregnancies provides limited utility beyond routine prenatal care and need not be recommended without the presence of other risk factors.
Indications for primary cesarean delivery relative to body mass index.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a known risk factor for cesarean delivery. Limited data are available regarding the reasons for the increased rate of primary cesarean in obese women. It is important to identify the factors leading to an increased risk of cesarean to identify opportunities to reduce the primary cesarean rate. OBJECTIVE: We evaluated indications for primary cesarean across body mass index (kg/m(2)) classes to identify the factors contributing to the increased rate of cesarean among obese women. STUDY DESIGN: In the Consortium of Safe Labor study from 2002 through 2008, we calculated indications for primary cesarean including failure to progress or cephalopelvic disproportion, nonreassuring fetal heart tracing, malpresentation, elective, hypertensive disease, multiple gestation, placenta previa or vasa previa, failed induction, HIV or active herpes simplex virus, history of uterine scar, fetal indication, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, macrosomia, and failed operative delivery. For women with primary cesarean for failure to progress or cephalopelvic disproportion, dilation at the last recorded cervical examination was evaluated. Women were categorized according to body mass index on admission: normal weight (18.5-24.9), overweight (25.0-29.9), and obese classes I (30.0-34.9), II (35.0-39.9), and III (≥40). Cochran-Armitage trend test and χ(2) tests were performed. RESULTS: Of 66,502 nulliparous and 76,961 multiparous women in the study population, 19,431 nulliparous (29.2%) and 7329 multiparous (9.5%) women underwent primary cesarean. Regardless of parity, malpresentation, failure to progress or cephalopelvic disproportion, and nonreassuring fetal heart tracing were the common indications for primary cesarean. Regardless of parity, the rates of primary cesarean for failure to progress or cephalopelvic disproportion increased with increasing body mass index (normal weight, overweight, and classes I, II, and III obesity in nulliparous women: 33.2%, 41.6%, 46.4%, 47.4%, and 48.9% [P < .01] and multiparous women: 14.5%, 20.3%, 22.8%, 27.2%, and 25.3% [P < .01]), whereas the rates for malpresentation decreased (normal weight, overweight, and classes I, II, and III obesity in nulliparous women: 23.7%, 17.2%, 14.6%, 12.0%, and 9.1% [P < .01] and multiparous women: 35.6%, 30.6%, 26.5%, 24.3%, and 22.9% [P < .01]). Rates of primary cesarean for nonreassuring fetal heart tracing were not statistically different for nulliparous (P > .05) or multiparous (P > .05) women. Among nulliparous women who had a primary cesarean for failure to progress or cephalopelvic disproportion, rates of cesarean prior to active labor (6 cm) increased as body mass index increased, accounting for 39.3% of women with class I, 47.1% of women with class II, and 56.8% of women with class III obesity compared to 35.2% for normal-weight women (P < .01). CONCLUSION: Similar to normal-weight women, the indication of cesarean for failure to progress or cephalopelvic disproportion was the major factor contributing to the increase in primary cesarean in obese women, but was even more prevalent with increasing obesity class. The rates of intrapartum primary cesarean prior to achieving active labor increased with increasing obesity class in nulliparous women.
Perinatal and postnatal exposures and risk of young-onset breast cancer.; BACKGROUND: Perinatal factors have been associated with some adult health outcomes, but have not been well studied in young-onset breast cancer. We aimed to evaluate the association between young-onset breast cancer and perinatal exposures and to explore etiologic heterogeneity in the relationship between associated perinatal factors and estrogen receptor status of the tumor. METHODS: We addressed this in a sister-matched case-control study. Cases were women who had been diagnosed with ductal carcinoma in situ or invasive breast cancer before the age of 50. Each case had a sister control who was free of breast cancer up to the same age at which her case sister developed the disease. The factors considered were self-reported and included the mother's preeclampsia in that pregnancy, mother's smoking in that pregnancy, gestational hypertension, prenatal diethylstilbestrol use, and gestational diabetes, as well as low birth weight (less than 5.5 pounds), high birth weight (greater than 8.8 pounds), short gestational length (less than 38 completed weeks), and being breastfed or being fed soy formula. RESULTS: In conditional logistic regression analyses, high birth weight (odds ratio [OR] = 1.59, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.07-2.36) and preeclampsia (adjusted OR = 1.92, CI 0.824-4.5162) were positively associated with risk. The association with preeclampsia was stronger when the analysis was restricted to invasive breast cancer (OR = 2.87, CI 1.08-7.59). We also used case-only analyses to assess etiologic heterogeneity for estrogen receptor (ER)-positive versus estrogen receptor-negative cancer. Women who were born to a preeclamptic pregnancy and later developed young-onset breast cancer were at increased odds for the ER-negative type (OR = 2.27; CI 1.05-4.92). CONCLUSION: These results suggest that being born to a preeclamptic pregnancy may increase risk for young-onset breast cancer, especially for the ER-negative subtype.
National Diabetes Month - November 2018.; November is National Diabetes Month. In the United States, approximately 30 million persons are living with diabetes and 84 million with prediabetes (1). Persons with prediabetes are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and stroke (2). Likewise, women who have had gestational diabetes (diabetes during pregnancy) are at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes later in life (2). However, type 2 diabetes can be prevented or delayed through a structured lifestyle change program that promotes weight loss, healthy eating, and increased physical activity (2). A report on changes in gestational diabetes in the United States is included in this issue of MMWR (3).
Short-term outcome of patients with preeclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: Preeclampsia constitutes a cause of increased mortality in mothers and fetuses. Screening for promoting factors is essential for adequate prevention in the event of any subsequent pregnancy, and for the adequate follow-up of concerned patients. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the short-term outcome of patients with preeclampsia and to identify possible new factors predisposing them to the disease. METHODS: One hundred fifty-five patients having experienced preeclampsia between 2005 and 2010 from the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department of the Foch Hospital (Suresnes, France) were included in the study. All patients had undergone close clinical and standard biological follow-up immediately postpartum and then 3 months later with a reference practitioner. In severe cases, further investigation was carried out by full etiological examination with an assessment of both autoimmune and thrombophilic status. RESULTS: Obesity and gestational diabetes were observed to be major risk factors for preeclampsia, which were found in 46% and 15% of the cases, respectively. The etiological assessment showed abnormalities in 11% of the patients. Impaired thrombophilia was found in 3% of the patients, impaired autoimmune status in 4%, a combination of both abnormalities in only 1% of the patients, and detection of renal abnormalities in 3% of the patients were observed. In the immediate postpartum period, 66% of patients had maintained elevated blood pressure levels, and 66% had proteinuria > 0.3 g/24 hours. At the 3-month postpartum assessment, persisting arterial hypertension was found in 16% of the patients, requiring continuation of antihypertensive therapy, and 22% of the patients had proteinuria over the accepted threshold (0.15 g/24 hours). CONCLUSION: Patients with preeclampsia have increased cardiovascular risk, necessitating lifestyle measures and long-term follow-up. Etiological assessment must be carried out, systematically aiming at the detection of promoting underlying diseases and adaptation of the management of subsequent pregnancies.
Impairment of counterregulatory hormone responses to hypoglycemia in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; Intensive insulin therapy directed at elimination of hyperglycemia is advocated during pregnancy in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Because such treatment is complicated by frequent hypoglycemic episodes, we evaluated maternal and fetal responses in nine intensively treated pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus during an insulin-induced, gradual, controlled fall in plasma glucose levels. In contrast to values in nonpregnant control women, reductions in glucose to 44 +/- 2 mg/dl in pregnant diabetic patients failed to elicit an increase in glucagon levels. Epinephrine release during hypoglycemia was also markedly suppressed in the pregnant diabetic subjects (106 +/- 32 vs 327 +/- 52 pg/ml in controls, p less than 0.001). Furthermore, the plasma glucose level at which epinephrine and growth hormone were released was 5 to 10 mg/dl lower in the pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (p less than 0.05). The basal fetal heart rate remained unchanged and continued to manifest accelerations during the hypoglycemic state. We conclude that the high frequency of hypoglycemia in intensively treated pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus may be due in part to impaired counterregulatory hormonal responses.
Women-specific risk factors for heart failure: A genetic approach.; Heart failure is a complex disease, which is presented differently by men and women. Several studies have shown that reproductive factors, such as age at natural menopause, parity and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), may play a role in the development of heart failure. Shared genetics may provide clues to underlying mechanisms; however, this has never been examined. Therefore, the aim of the current study was to explore whether any reproductive factor is potentially related to heart failure in women, based on genetic similarities. Conducting a systematic literature review, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with reproductive factors, heart failure and its risk factors were extracted from recent genome-wide association studies. We tested whether there was any overlap between the SNPs and their proxies of reproductive risk factors with those known for heart failure or its risk factors. In total, 520 genetic variants were found that are associated with reproductive factors, namely age at menarche, age at natural menopause, menstrual cycle length, PCOS, preeclampsia, preterm delivery and spontaneous dizygotic twinning. For heart failure and associated phenotypes, 25 variants were found. Genetic variants for reproductive factors did not overlap with those for heart failure. However, age at menarche, gestational diabetes and PCOS were found to be genetically linked to risk factors for heart failure, such as atrial fibrillation, diabetes and smoking. Corresponding implicated genes, such as TNNI3K, ErbB3, MKL2, MTNR1B and PRKD1, may explain the associations between reproductive factors and heart failure. Exact effector mechanisms of these genes remain to be investigated further.
Listeria monocytogenes endocarditis: a review of the literature 1950-1986.; 34 cases of Listeria monocytogenes endocarditis reported in the literature from 1950-1986 were reviewed. The male to female ratio was 2: 1. The average age was 49 years, and 35% of patients were 60 years of age or older. A single case of polymicrobial endocarditis was identified. There were 8 cases of prosthetic valve endocarditis. Left-sided cardiac involvement predominated, with only a single case of right-sided endocarditis reported. Aortic and mitral valvular involvement accounted for 32 and 29% of cases respectively. Underlying cardiac disease was present in over half of the cases, with rheumatic heart disease being the most common underlying cardiac condition. Noncardiac underlying conditions were found in 38% of cases. These included chronic hemodialysis, alcoholism, pregnancy, malignancies, diabetes mellitus, steroid therapy and malnutrition. Onset of the disease was varied as was initial presentation. There was a high incidence of vascular phenomena (59%), with large vessel emboli seen late in the course of many cases. Many cases were diagnosed late. Overall mortality was 50%. Treatment of listeria endocarditis varied from case to case. A review of in vitro and in vivo studies as well as case reports suggests that ampicillin or penicillin plus an aminoglycoside may be the treatment of choice.
Renal development in high-glucose ambience and diabetic embryopathy.; Maternal diabetes has an adverse influence on the intrauterine growth of the fetus, which is attributable to the exposure of the mammalian embryo to an abnormal metabolic environment. A sustained exposure of the fetus to such an environment (ie, elevated concentration of glucose), during the first 6 to 8 weeks of gestation in humans may result in diabetic embryopathy, which is characterized by a multitude of congenital birth defects, including those of the nervous, cardiovascular, skeletal, and urogenital systems. The urogenital abnormalities may be associated with caudal regression syndrome or may occur alone in the form of partial or total renal agenesis. Similarly, an increase in the incidence of morphogenetic defects is observed in offsprings of streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats and mice and also in nonobese diabetic mice. In certain instances, failure in the growth of lower part of embryos or newborn mice has been observed in animals with a severe diabetic state. For further delineation of the mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of diabetic embryopathy, the investigators used whole-embryo culture systems, and found that glucose can induce defects mainly confined to the lower part of the body involving the genitourinary system. Similarly, dysmorphogenesis of the embryonic metanephros is observed when it is subjected to high concentrations of D-glucose and its epimer D-mannose. This article discusses certain aspects of diabetic embryopathy with an emphasis on changes that occur in the fetal metanephros in high-glucose ambience.
[Recording of fetal movements during pregnancy. Aid to the diagnosis and prognosis ascertained by Tococinon].; Objective recording of fetal movements has become operational since the use of the tococinon. At the beginning of pregnancy, from the twelfth week of amenorrhoea onwards, aberrant values seem to be linked to several factors such as mother's anxiety, urinary infection and anesthesia. If they are repeated that suggests there are abnormalities, such as trisomies or malformations in the central nervous system, and implies that other diagnostic methods must be used to make the diagnosis such as ultrasound or amniocentesis. A new definition for lowered activity by the fetus is proposed for the end of pregnancy. If these recordings are repeated before or at the same time as other signs of fetal distress have been found we must think of pathological features such as intrauterine growth retardation, post-maturity, infections, rhesus incompatibility and diabetes. Pharmacological influences, too, have to be thought of and they are usually correlated with rises in the fetal pulse rate and with using the apparatus when the patient is walking about.
Diabetes mellitus in the guinea pig.; Spontaneous diabetes mellitus has been documented in a colony of guinea pigs. The contagious nature of the disease has been verified, but the nature of the infectious agent is not known. Animals from the original colony or animals exposed to the colony with normal glucose tolerance tests (GTT) became diabetic, as evidenced by elevated one- and four-hour GTT values, and in most cases have significant glycosuria. The severity of pathologic changes in the pancreatic islets parallel, in general, the severity of the clinical symptoms (glycosuria and abnormal GTT). Those animals with severe glycosuria and elevated FBS as well as one- and four-hour GTT values had the most pronounced degranulation and most prominent cytoplasmic inclusions in islet B cells. The severity of scarring in the islets can be correlated with the duration of the overt diabetic state. The other clinical parameters of note were elevated serum triglycerides, normal serum but elevated aortic cholesterol, and absence of ketonemia or ketonuria. The reproductive capacity of diabetic females was compromised. While the clinical manifestations are mild or variable, the presence of significant islet pathology is reminiscent of human juvenile diabetes mellitus. These findings lend support to the concept that infectious and/or immune mechanisms could be operative in the etiology and pathogenesis of human diabetes mellitus.
Association of maternal diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index with offspring indicators of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about early life determinants of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). We examined associations of maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) with offspring markers of NAFLD and liver pathology and examined mediation by birthweight and concurrent offspring adiposity. METHODS: We used data from a UK prospective pregnancy cohort. Offspring underwent abdominal ultrasonography (USS) at mean age 17.8 years. Outcomes included USS-assessed fatty liver, estimated liver volume and shear velocity, a variant of elastography (a marker of liver fibrosis) (N = 1 215) and blood-based markers of liver pathology [alanine amino transferase, aspartate amino transferase, gamma- glutamyltransferase and haptoglobin] (N = 2 359). RESULTS: 2.1 % (N = 25) of participants had USS-assessed fatty liver [maternal diabetes/glycosuria (N = 7) and no diabetes/glycosuria (N = 18)]. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver in confounder adjusted models [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 6.74 (95 % confidence interval (CI) 2.47, 18.40)] and higher shear velocity [adjusted ratio of geometric mean (aRGM):1.10 (95 % CI 1.05, 1.15)]. These associations were not mediated by offspring birthweight or concurrent adiposity. Maternal diabetes/glycosuria was not associated with liver volume or blood-based outcomes. Greater maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with greater odds of offspring USS fatty liver [aOR 2.72 (95 % CI: 1.20, 6.15)], higher liver volume [aRGM 1.03 (95 % CI 1.00, 1.07)] and shear velocity [aRGM1.03 (95 % CI: 1.01, 1.06)] in confounder adjusted models. These associations were largely mediated by offspring adiposity. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was not consistently associated with blood-based outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Results suggest that maternal pregnancy diabetes/glycosuria is associated with offspring NAFLD through mechanisms other than offspring's own adiposity.
Identifying Predictor Variables for a Composite Risk Prediction Tool for Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Modified Delphi Study.; A composite cardiometabolic risk prediction tool will support the systematic identification of women at increased cardiometabolic risk during pregnancy to enable early screening and intervention. This study aims to identify and select predictor variables for a composite risk prediction tool for cardiometabolic risk (gestational diabetes mellitus and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy) for use in the first trimester. A two-round modified online Delphi study was undertaken. A prior systematic literature review generated fifteen potential predictor variables for inclusion in the tool. Multidisciplinary experts (n = 31) rated the clinical importance of variables in an online survey and nominated additional variables for consideration (Round One). An online meeting (n = 14) was held to deliberate the importance, feasibility and acceptability of collecting variables in early pregnancy. Consensus was reached in a second online survey (Round Two). Overall, 24 variables were considered; 9 were eliminated, and 15 were selected for inclusion in the tool. The final 15 predictor variables related to maternal demographics (age, ethnicity/race), pre-pregnancy history (body mass index, height, history of chronic kidney disease/polycystic ovarian syndrome, family history of diabetes, pre-existing diabetes/hypertension), obstetric history (parity, history of macrosomia/pre-eclampsia/gestational diabetes mellitus), biochemical measures (blood glucose levels), hemodynamic measures (systolic blood pressure). Variables will inform the development of a cardiometabolic risk prediction tool in subsequent research. Evidence-based, clinically relevant and routinely collected variables were selected for a composite cardiometabolic risk prediction tool for early pregnancy.
Pregnancy and stroke risk in women.; Stroke associated with pregnancy and post-partum occurs in about 30 per 100,000 deliveries, and includes subtypes of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke as well as cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST). There are a wide variety of underlying causes and risk factors, some that are common to both pregnant and non-pregnant women, and others that are unique to pregnancy. Although some of the strokes that occur may be a direct result of the pregnancy itself, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, others could be anticipated or prevented by understanding the risk factors. These may include the presence of pre-pregnancy clotting disorders, aneurysms or arteriovenous malformations, hypertension, diabetes, or advanced maternal age. Treatment of stroke during pregnancy is based on the current recommendations for non-pregnant stroke patients, assuming the benefit of these treatments is likely higher than the risks. These decisions must be made with the appropriate specialists in stroke and endovascular treatment, as well as high-risk obstetrician/gynecologists, and most importantly, patient and family preferences.
Prevalence and etiology of respiratory distress in infants of diabetic mothers: predictive value of fetal lung maturation tests.; The purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of respiratory distress syndrome attributable to surfactant deficiency in infants of diabetic mothers tested for fetal lung maturation. Three tests were assessed: (1) lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio, (2) phosphatidylglycerol concentration, and (3) optical density at 650 nm. From January 1987 through June 1989, 526 diabetic gestations were delivered within 5 days of fetal lung maturation testing. Surfactant-deficient respiratory distress syndrome was present in five infants (0.95%); all were less than 34 weeks' gestational age. Other causes of respiratory distress were transient tachypnea of the newborn (n = 5), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (n = 4), pneumonia (n = 2), polycythemia (n = 1), and meconium aspiration syndrome (n = 1). The use of standard maturity values of lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio greater than or equal to 2.0, phosphatidylglycerol greater than 2% to 5%, and optical density at 650 nm greater than or equal to 0.150 were evaluated. Each test had a 100% sensitivity in identifying surfactant-deficient respiratory distress syndrome and a 100% negative predictive value in identifying the absence of disease. All three tests had a low positive predictive value: 15% for lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio, 9% for phosphatidylglycerol, and 3% for optical density at 650 nm. We concluded that most cases of respiratory distress in the infants of diabetic mothers were unrelated to surfactant deficiency. The standard maturity values used in fetal lung maturation tests were valid in the diabetic gestation. The optical density at 650 nm was useful as a first-line test to predict the absence of surfactant-deficient respiratory distress syndrome.
Association Between Hypertensive Disorders During Pregnancy and the Subsequent Risk of End-Stage Renal Disease: A Population-Based Follow-Up Study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDPs) are associated with the subsequent development of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). METHODS: The present study included 1 598 043 women who delivered in Canadian hospitals between April 1993 and March 2003. The baseline information was from the Canadian Institute for Health Information's Discharge Abstract Database. Women with chronic kidney disease, diabetes mellitus, and other specific conditions were excluded. A follow-up study was conducted through a record linkage on their hospitalizations as of the 13th month after the delivery discharge through March 31, 2013. The primary outcome of interest was subsequent hospitalization due to ESRD. Cox model was used to quantify the association between HDPs and ESRD hospitalization. RESULTS: There occurred 9.9 and 1.7 ESRD hospitalizations per 100 000 person-years in the follow-up of HDPs and non-HDP women, respectively. An increased risk of ESRD hospitalization was observed in pregnant women with pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] = 4.7, 95% CI 3.6-6.0), unspecified HDPs (aHR = 4.6, 95% CI 2.8-7.7), or gestational hypertension (aHR = 3.3, 95% CI 2.1-5.1). Caesarean delivery, preterm delivery, IUGR, and deep vein thrombosis were identified as significant correlates with the subsequent ESRD hospitalization. The risk of subsequent ESRD hospitalization appeared to be lower for women who had ≥2 deliveries compared with those who had one delivery during the study period. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy complicated with HDPs was significantly associated with an increased risk of ESRD hospitalization in later life, and this association varied by HDP subtype and frequency of delivery.
Adipokines underlie the early origins of obesity and associated metabolic comorbidities in the offspring of women with pregestational obesity.; Maternal pregestational obesity is a well-known risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The mechanisms by which maternal obesity can induce alterations in fetal and later neonatal metabolism are not fully elucidated due to its complexity and multifactorial causes. Two adipokines, leptin and adiponectin, are involved in fetal and postnatal growth trajectories, and both are altered in women with pregestational obesity. The placenta synthesizes leptin, which goes mainly to the maternal circulation and in lesser amount to the developing fetus. Maternal pregestational obesity and hyperleptinemia are associated with placental dysfunction and changes in nutrient transporters which directly affect fetal growth and development. By the other side, the embryo can produce its own leptin from early in development, which is associated to fetal weight and adiposity. Adiponectin, an insulin-sensitizing adipokine, is downregulated in maternal obesity. High molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin is the most abundant form and with most biological actions. In maternal obesity lower total and HMW adiponectin levels have been described in the mother, paralleled with high levels in the umbilical cord. Several studies have found that cord blood adiponectin levels are related with postnatal growth trajectories, and it has been suggested that low adiponectin levels in women with pregestational obesity enhance placental insulin sensitivity and activation of placental amino acid transport systems, supporting fetal overgrowth. The possible mechanisms by which maternal pregestational obesity, focusing in the actions of leptin and adiponectin, affects the fetal development and postnatal growth trajectories in their offspring are discussed.
Cardiac autonomic neuropathy in adult epilepsy patients in a tertiary hospital in South-Western Nigeria.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy (CAN) resulting from seizures has been implicated in sudden unexpected death in epilepsy in persons with epilepsy (PWE), however, there are no previous studies of CAN in PWE from Nigeria. OBJECTIVES: This study sought to determine the frequency and pattern of CAN in adult PWE in a tertiary hospital in South-western Nigeria and to determine the relationship between seizure variables and CAN. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 80 adult PWE and 80 matched controls aged between 18 and 60 years was carried out between March 2012 and June 2013 at the Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospital Complex, Ile-Ife, Nigeria. Demographic and clinical data were obtained from all the study participants. Anxiety was excluded using the Hamilton Anxiety Scale. Those with conditions that could affect autonomic function, such as chronic renal failure, heart failure, Parkinson's disease, diabetes mellitus, anxiety, and psychiatric disorders and pregnant women were excluded. Five bedside cardiovascular reflex tests were performed on each subject after baseline heart rate and blood pressure (BP) had been recorded. RESULTS: The mean age of onset of epilepsy was 19 ± 10 years, whereas the mean duration of epilepsy was 10 ± 8 years. The mean seizure frequency was 14 ± 30 per month (median three seizures per month). Of the 80 patients evaluated, 42 (52.5%) had CAN, whereas none of the controls had CAN. Majority (69%) of the PWE with CAN had purely parasympathetic dysfunction, whereas 3% had purely sympathetic dysfunction and 10% had combined autonomic dysfunction. The PWE in this study had significantly lower tilt ratios and diastolic BP change with Isometric Hand grip as well as significantly higher systolic BP change on standing than the controls. Patients who had more than four seizures per month had higher odds of CAN than those with less frequent seizures (odds ratio 0.275, P value 0.023). Also, patients who had received treatment for less than 10 years were found to have greater odds of CAN than those who had received treatment for a longer period (odds ratio 11.676, P value 0.046). CONCLUSION: CAN is common in adult PWE in South-Western Nigeria and the major predictors are short duration of treatment and frequent seizure episodes. Routine screening of these patients may help with early detection of autonomic dysfunction and provide an opportunity for intervention.
Signs of platelet activation, but not lipid peroxidation, in fetal blood associated with functional and structural umbilicoplacental lesions in pregnancies complicated by impaired glucose metabolism.; OBJECTIVES: To study the influence of platelet activation and lipid peroxidation in fetal blood on umbilical vascular prostanoid synthesis and placental morphology in diabetic pregnancy. METHODS: The concentrations of thromboxane A2 (TxA2) and malondialdehyde (MDA) were determined in umbilical cord plasma in 21 women with diabetes mellitus/impaired glucose tolerance (DM/IGT) and ten healthy women. Segments from the umbilical artery and vein were incubated and prostacyclin (PGI2) and TxA2 metabolites were determined. Prostanoid synthesis was stimulated with calcium ionophore at a second incubation. Histological examination was carried out in samples from the umbilical cord, membranes and placental parenchyma. Non-parametric statistical analysis was used, with a two-tailed p < 0.05 considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Cord plasma TxA2, but not MDA, was higher among DM/IGT women (p = 0.07). There were indications that cord plasma TxA2, but not MDA, was positively correlated with vascular prostanoid synthesis and synthesis capacity. In the umbilical vein, both the basal and stimulated PGI2 production and the stimulated TxA2 production were lower in the DM/IGT group. Ischemic placental lesions were associated with a high TxA, and a low MDA concentration in cord plasma. CONCLUSIONS: Even in less severe forms of impaired glucose metabolism, disturbances in platelet activation significantly affect both biochemical and morphological vessel wall and tissue functions in the umbilicoplacental unit. This could indicate an abnormal programming of fetal cell functions and designate cases at increased risk of developing cellular and organ damage.
Specialised fetal and maternal service: outcome of pre-gestational diabetes.; The objective of the study was to determine the outcome of pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) in the presence of a specialised maternal and fetal service. Prospective data included mothers with documented pre-gestational diabetes (PGDM) delivered between 1 January 2007 and 31 December 2009. A total of 138 patients with PGDM were included in this study. The post-lunch glucose level at 34 weeks was significantly lower than at 30 weeks' gestation (p =0.007) and 37 weeks' gestation (p =0.02). No correlation was observed between maternal blood sugar and birth weight. The incidence of pre-term labour, stillbirth and admission to the NICU was similar to the control group. Caesarean section rate was 39.1%, and the main indication was previous caesarean section. The incidence of fetal anomalies was significantly higher than in the control group. It was concluded that the presence of specialised maternal and fetal clinics reduces complications related to prenatal glycaemic control. However, complications related to preconception care remains high.
Long-term effects of maternal diabetes on vascular reactivity and renal function in rat male offspring.; Fetal growth impairment can occur in pregnancy complicated by diabetes. Although several studies have focused the effects of nutritional status on intrauterine development, the long-term impact of maternal diabetes on vascular and renal function in the offspring is poorly investigated. In the present study, blood pressure profiles and renal function parameters were investigated in the offspring of diabetic rats (DO). Female rats were made diabetic throughout gestation with a single dose of streptozotocyn (STZ) 10 d before mating. After weaning, the offspring had free access to food and water. Arterial pressure was evaluated every 15 d. Functional and morphometric kidney studies were performed in newborn, 3, 6 and 12-mo-old male rats in DO and in controls, C. Although maternal diabetes did not affect nephron number in the young adult rat, glomerular hypertrophy developed from 3 mo on. Glomerular Filtration Rate and Renal Plasma Flow were observed to be significantly decreased in DO when compared with C, from 3 mo on. In DO, hypertension was observed from 8 wk on and persisted elevated throughout the experimental period (12 mo). Vascular reactivity, evaluated in mesenteric arterial bed showed a decreased endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in 12-mo-old DO animals, while preserved response to sodium nitroprusside was demonstrated. Our data show that exposure to intrauterine diabetes induced by STZ does not affect nephron number in the young offspring but can cause permanent changes in Nitric Oxide (NO)-related vascular response, which, in turn may accelerate the natural age-related nephron loss.
Association of SGLT2is with cardiovascular and reproductive diseases: a meta-analysis based on 14 large-scale randomized trials.; AIM: Sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) can improve long-term cardio-renal outcomes in patients with diabetes, heart failure (HF), or renal failure. We aimed to investigate the association of SGLT2is with the risks of various cardiovascular and reproductive diseases. METHODS: Large-scale randomized trials enrolling more than 1000 participants and assessing SGLT2is were included. Outcomes of interest were the various serious adverse events related to cardiovascular or reproductive diseases. Meta-analysis was done to generate pooled risk ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). RESULTS: We included 14 large trials and evaluated 169 types of cardiovascular and reproductive diseases. SGLT2is were significantly associated with the lower risks of 13 types of cardiovascular diseases, e.g., cardiac failure chronic (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.57-0.87), cardiac failure congestive (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.66-0.83), acute cardiac failure (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.60-0.86), coronary artery disease (RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.58-0.97), ischemic cardiomyopathy (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.52-0.99), atrial fibrillation (RR 0.88, 95% CI 0.78-0.99), bradycardia (RR 0.72, 95% CI 0.53-0.99), and hypertension (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.54-0.91). SGLT2is were not significantly associated with 18 types of reproductive diseases, e.g., adenomyosis, endometrial hyperplasia, and metrorrhagia. Although SGLT2is were observed to have a significant association with a higher risk of uterine prolapse, the 95% CI of RR for this outcome was relatively wide. CONCLUSION: This meta-analysis confirms the benefits of SGLT2is against chronic congestive HF again; reveals the possible benefits of SGLT2is against acute HF, myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, and hypertension; and identifies that SGLT2is are safe in general for the reproductive system.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy-A Narrative Review of Fetal and Neonatal Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: There, we review the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), its influence on fetal physiology, and neonatal outcomes, as well as the usage of antenatal corticosteroid therapy (ACST) in pregnancies complicated by GDM. METHODS: MEDLINE and PubMed search was performed for the years 1990-2022, using a combination of keywords on such topics. According to the aim of the investigation, appropriate articles were identified and included in this narrative review. RESULTS: GDM is a multifactorial disease related to unwanted pregnancy course and outcomes. Although GDM has an influence on the fetal cardiovascular and nervous system, especially in preterm neonates, the usage of ACST in pregnancy must be considered taking into account maternal and fetal characteristics. CONCLUSIONS: GDM has no influence on neonatal outcomes after ACST introduction. The ACST usage must be personalized and considered according to its gestational age-specific effects on the developing fetus.
The clinical management of repeated early pregnancy wastage.; A rational systematic evaluation is essential to the management of a couple with repeated early pregnancy wastage. Psychologic support in the form of frequent discussions and sympathetic counseling are crucial to the successful evaluation and treatment of the anxious couple. A prompt and orderly evaluation will relieve anxiety. When no etiologic factor is identified, a 60% to 80% fetal salvage rate may be expected. Once a patient conceives, serial ultrasonography, beta-hCG determination, and estradiol determination may be useful in detecting the stage of the embryonic death if subsequent abortion occurs. A karyotypic analysis of the products of conception should be performed if fetal loss occurs.
Experimental and Human Evidence for Lipocalin-2 (Neutrophil Gelatinase-Associated Lipocalin [NGAL]) in the Development of Cardiac Hypertrophy and heart failure.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac hypertrophy increases the risk of developing heart failure and cardiovascular death. The neutrophil inflammatory protein, lipocalin-2 (LCN2/NGAL), is elevated in certain forms of cardiac hypertrophy and acute heart failure. However, a specific role for LCN2 in predisposition and etiology of hypertrophy and the relevant genetic determinants are unclear. Here, we defined the role of LCN2 in concentric cardiac hypertrophy in terms of pathophysiology, inflammatory expression networks, and genomic determinants. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used 3 experimental models: a polygenic model of cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure, a model of intrauterine growth restriction and Lcn2-knockout mouse; cultured cardiomyocytes; and 2 human cohorts: 114 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients and 2064 healthy subjects of the YFS (Young Finns Study). In hypertrophic heart rats, cardiac and circulating Lcn2 was significantly overexpressed before, during, and after development of cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure. Lcn2 expression was increased in hypertrophic hearts in a model of intrauterine growth restriction, whereas Lcn2-knockout mice had smaller hearts. In cultured cardiomyocytes, Lcn2 activated molecular hypertrophic pathways and increased cell size, but reduced proliferation and cell numbers. Increased LCN2 was associated with cardiac hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction in diabetes mellitus. In the YFS, LCN2 expression was associated with body mass index and cardiac mass and with levels of inflammatory markers. The single-nucleotide polymorphism, rs13297295, located near LCN2 defined a significant cis-eQTL for LCN2 expression. CONCLUSIONS: Direct effects of LCN2 on cardiomyocyte size and number and the consistent associations in experimental and human analyses reveal a central role for LCN2 in the ontogeny of cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure.
Association of High Birth Weight With Incident Heart Failure in the ARIC Study.; Background Traditional risk factors for heart failure--coronary heart disease, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and smoking--only account for about 50% of cases. Thus, the identification of novel risk factors is of significant public health importance. As high birth weight infants are at increased risk for obesity and diabetes mellitus later in life, which are both risk factors for the development of heart failure, we sought to assess the association of high birth weight with incident heart failure in the ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) study. Methods and Results The ARIC study is a biracial prospective community-based investigation of 15 792 individuals aged 45 to 64 years at baseline. Study participants who were born premature or born a twin were excluded from this analysis, resulting in 9820 participants who provided either their birth weight category (low, medium, high) or exact birth weight. After adjusting for differences in demographics, risk factors, and comorbidities, compared with medium birth weight, those with high birth weight had a significantly increased risk of incident heart failure (hazard ratio, 1.27; 95% CI , 1.05-1.54 [ P=0.014]). The hazard for all-cause mortality for high birth weight compared with medium birth weight was 1.16 (95% CI , 0.99-1.34; P=0.06). There was no association of high birth weight with myocardial infarction (hazard ratio, 1.06; 95% CI , 0.84-1.34 [ P=0.6]). Conclusions High birth weight was associated with a significantly increased hazard of incident heart failure independent of traditional risk factors and a trend toward an increased hazard of death. A history of high birth weight should be ascertained in young adults for primordial prevention of heart failure and in older adults for primary prevention.
The influence of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy with special regard to the reversible changes shown in 100 pregnancies.; A prospective study of the eyes of 75 diabetic women during the course of 100 pregnancies is presented as a contribution to the, as yet, still unresolved question concerning the influence of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy. Fifty patients in the material had a retinopathy prior to pregnancy, proliferations were present in 2 of them. During the course of the pregnancy, proliferative changes developed in 4 patients, and a background retinopathy developed in a further 4 patients. Special interest is placed on the transitory changes in the retinopathy that occurs in a number of these patients. In the present material this has occurred in 23 patients, all of whom had a retinopathy. This is especially apparent in the form of soft exudates, haemorrhages and retinal oedema. In marked cases a characteristic feature was an obvious capillary change. This transitory capillaropathy is considered as being the cause of this temporary increase in the severity of the retinopathy. The changes regressed in all of the 23 patients. The results confirm that pregnancy can hardly be considered to influence the further course of a background retinopathy. Even though the question as to whether pregnancy can influence the course of a proliferative retinopathy still remains open, evaluation of both the present and previous materials suggest that pregnancy by and large does not aggravate the 'average' progression of a proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Recommendations for management of diabetes during Ramadan: update 2020, applying the principles of the ADA/EASD consensus.; Fasting the Holy month of Ramadan constitutes one of the five pillars of the Muslim faith. Although there is some evidence that intermittent fasting during Ramadan may be of benefit in losing weight and cardiometabolic risk factors, there is no strong evidence these benefits apply to people with diabetes. The American Diabetes Association/European Association for the Study of Diabetes consensus recommendations emphasize the importance of patient factors and comorbidities when choosing diabetes medications including the presence of comorbidities, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, hypoglycemia risk, weight issues and costs. Structured education and pre-Ramadan counseing are key components to successful management of patients with diabetes. These should cover important aspects like glycemic targets, self-monitoring of blood glucose, diet, physical activity including Taraweeh prayers, medication and dose adjustment, side effects and when to break the fast. The decision cycle adapted for the specific situation of Ramadan provides an aid for such an assessment. Children with type 1 diabetes should strongly be advised not to fast due to the high risk of acute complications such as hypoglycemia and probably diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), although there is very little evidence that DKA is increased in Ramadan. Pregnant women with diabetes or gestational diabetes should be advised to avoid fasting because of possible negative maternal and fetal outcomes. Hypoglycemia is a common concern during Ramadan fasting. To prevent hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic events, we recommend the adoption of diabetes self-management education and support principles. The use of the emerging technology and continuous glucose monitoring during Ramadan could help to recognize hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic complications related to omission and/or medication adjustment during fasting; however, the cost represents a significant barrier.
Increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of progressive carotid artery disorders. The current study evaluated carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes at two time points of mid-term and full-term pregnancy to determine whether gestational diabetes mellitus causes increased IMT. METHODS: This cross-sectional study carried out at Afzalipour Hospital (Kerman, Iran) between 2009 and 2010, recruited 50 women who were at high risk of gestational diabetes during pregnancy and had an oral glucose challenge test (OGCT) as screening for gestational diabetes. B-mode ultrasound scans were performed at baseline and at two time points of mid-term pregnancy (20 to 24 weeks) and full-term pregnancy (36 to 38 weeks) on all the participants. The mean IMT of common carotids and internal carotid arteries from two walls (near and far walls) at four different angles was assessed. RESULTS: An overall comparison between the impaired OGCT test group and the control group revealed significant differences in carotid IMT in the mid-term (0.65 ± 0.07 vs. 0.59 ± 0.06 mm; p value = 0.002) and full-term (0.65 ± 0.05 vs. 0.59 ± 0.04 mm; p value < 0.001) pregnancy; however, the trend of the changes in carotid IMT during mid to full-term pregnancy was insignificant in each group (p value > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Carotid IMT was significantly higher in the women with gestational diabetes than that in the normoglycemic group in different trimesters. This finding denotes that atherosclerosis might start years before the diagnosis of gestational diabetes in vulnerable women.
Preconception cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy outcome.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions are associated with both poorer pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Little is known about the relationship between preconception cardiovascular risk factor levels and pregnancy complications. METHODS: Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked with birth registry data for 1142 primiparous women. Age-standardized levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, insulin, and glucose from the study visit prior to last menstrual period were calculated. These factors were examined as predictors of gestational age, preterm birth (<37 weeks), birthweight, low birthweight (<2500 g), small-for-gestational-age (weight <10th percentile for gestational age), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, using linear and Poisson regression with adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, and socioeconomic status. RESULTS: Higher triglycerides were associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorders (adjusted risk ratio [aRR] = 1.42 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.90-2.23]), preeclampsia (1.70 [1.08-2.65]), and gestational diabetes (1.68 [1.25-2.25]). After removing women with pregnancy complications (n = 30), the estimated aRR for the association between systolic blood pressure and preterm birth was 1.23 (95% CI = 0.99-1.54); for HDL-c and low birthweight, 0.97 (0.73-1.28); for diastolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 0.98 (0.81-1.20); and for systolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 1.18 (0.97-1.45). CONCLUSIONS: High lipid levels before pregnancy predict an increased risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Reported associations between these pregnancy complications and later cardiovascular disease of the mother are probably explained, at least in part, by maternal conditions that precede pregnancy. Interventions to improve cardiovascular health before pregnancy may reduce risk of pregnancy complications.
Prevention of preeclampsia: a randomized trial of atenolol in hyperdynamic patients before onset of hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if assessment of maternal hemodynamics could predict women at risk for the development of preeclampsia, if treatment directed at hemodynamic abnormalities before the onset of hypertension could prevent preeclampsia, and if mothers could be treated in a way that protects fetal growth. METHODS: A double-blinded, randomized controlled trial was conducted. Subjects were considered to be at risk for preeclampsia if their cardiac output was greater than 7.4 L/min before 24 weeks' gestation. Nulliparous and diabetic subjects at risk were treated with 100 mg of atenolol or placebo. Cardiac output was measured by Doppler technique. Inulin and para-aminohippurate clearances were performed. RESULTS: Treatment with atenolol reduced the incidence of preeclampsia from 5 of 28 (18%) to 1 of 28 (3.8%), (P = .04). Nulliparous women determined to be at risk for preeclampsia were similar to diabetic women at risk. Each was significantly heavier and had inulin and para-aminohippurate clearances greater than the control group. Treatment with atenolol was associated with infants weighing 440 g less than infants in the nulliparous placebo group, (P = .02). No effect on birth weight was seen in the diabetic patients. Mothers of the smallest infants who were treated with atenolol could be identified by unexpectedly large reductions in cardiac output. CONCLUSION: Measurement of cardiac output in the second trimester identified women at risk for preeclampsia. Treatment with atenolol decreased the incidence of preeclampsia. Nulliparous and diabetic women at risk for preeclampsia were similar with regard to maternal hemodynamics, maternal weight, and renal function. Treatment with atenolol was associated with reduced infant birth weight.
Trends in hospitalizations of pregnant HIV-infected women in the United States: 2004 through 2011.; BACKGROUND: With the development and widespread use of combination antiretroviral therapy, HIV-infected women live longer, healthier lives. Previous research has shown that, since the adoption of combination antiretroviral therapy in the United States, rates of morbidity and adverse obstetric outcomes remained higher for HIV-infected pregnant women compared with HIV-uninfected pregnant women. Monitoring trends in the outcomes these women experience is essential, as recommendations for this special population continue to evolve with the progress of HIV treatment and prevention options. OBJECTIVE: We conducted an analysis comparing rates of hospitalizations and associated outcomes among HIV-infected and HIV-uninfected pregnant women in the United States from 2004 through 2011. STUDY DESIGN: We used cross-sectional hospital discharge data for girls and women age 15-49 from the 2004, 2007, and 2011 Nationwide Inpatient Sample, a nationally representative sample of US hospital discharges. Demographic characteristics, morbidity outcomes, and time trends were compared using χ(2) tests and multivariate logistic regression. Analyses were weighted to produce national estimates. RESULTS: In 2011, there were 4751 estimated pregnancy hospitalizations and 3855 delivery hospitalizations for HIV-infected pregnant women; neither increased since 2004. Compared with those of HIV-uninfected women, pregnancy hospitalizations of HIV-infected women were more likely to be longer, be in the South and Northeast, be covered by public insurance, and incur higher charges (all P < .005). Hospitalizations among pregnant women with HIV infection had higher rates for many adverse outcomes. Compared to 2004, hospitalizations of HIV-infected pregnant women in 2011 had higher odds of gestational diabetes (adjusted odds ratio, 1.81; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-2.84), preeclampsia/hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.58; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-2.24), viral/mycotic/parasitic infections (adjusted odds ratio, 1.90; 95% confidence interval, 1.69-2.14), and bacterial infections (adjusted odds ratio, 2.54; 95% confidence interval, 1.53-4.20). Bacterial infections did not increase among hospitalizations of HIV-uninfected pregnant women. CONCLUSION: The numbers of hospitalizations during pregnancy and delivery have not increased for HIV-infected women since 2004, a departure from previously estimated trends. Pregnancy hospitalizations of HIV-infected women remain more medically complex than those of HIV-uninfected women. An increasing trend in infections among the delivery hospitalizations of HIV-infected pregnant women warrant further attention.
Gut microbiota and probiotic intervention as a promising therapeutic for pregnant women with cardiometabolic disorders: Present and future directions.; Maternal cardiometabolic disorders, such as gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, obesity, and dyslipidemia, are the most common conditions that predispose offspring to risk for future cardiometabolic diseases, needing appropriate therapeutic approach. The implications of microbiota in the pathophysiology of maternal cardiometabolic disorders are progressively emerging and probiotics may be a simple and safe therapeutic strategy for maternal cardiometabolic management. In this review, we argue the importance of cardiometabolic dysfunction during pregnancy and/or lactation on the offspring risk for cardiometabolic disease in later life. In addition, we comprehensively discuss the microbial diversity observed in maternal cardiometabolic disorders and we present the main findings on probiotic intervention as a potential strategy for management of maternal cardiometabolic disorders. Current data reveal that gut microbiota may be transmitted from mother to offspring. Whether targeting microbiota with probiotic intervention during the periconceptional period prevents or delays the onset of cardiometabolic disorders in adult offspring should be tested in future clinical trials.
Future risk of cardiovascular disease risk factors and events in women after a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), such as gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia, affect up to 10% of all pregnancies. These women have on average a twofold higher risk to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life as compared with women with normotensive pregnancies. This increased risk might result from an underlying predisposition to CVD, HDP itself or a combination of both. After pregnancy women with HDP show an increased risk of classical cardiovascular risk factors including chronic hypertension, renal dysfunction, dyslipidemia, diabetes and subclinical atherosclerosis. The prevalence and onset of cardiovascular risk factors depends on the severity of the HDP and the coexistence of other pregnancy complications. At present, guidelines addressing postpartum cardiovascular risk assessment for women with HDP show a wide variation in their recommendations. This makes cardiovascular follow-up of women with a previous HDP confusing and non-coherent. Some guidelines advise to initiate cardiovascular follow-up (blood pressure, weight and lifestyle assessment) 6-8 weeks after pregnancy, whereas others recommend to start 6-12 months after pregnancy. Concurrent blood pressure monitoring, lipid and glucose assessment is recommended to be repeated annually to every 5 years until the age of 50 years when women will qualify for cardiovascular risk assessment according to all international cardiovascular prevention guidelines.
[Correlations between the secular trend in sugar consumption in England and the secular increase of brain weight in adults in London between 1860 and 1940].; Significant positive correlations exist between the secular increase in brain weight of adults in London born between 1860 and 1940, and the secular trend in sugar consumption in the United Kingdom. These results of statistical analysis confirm once again the important bearing of excessive sugar consumption on the development of pre- and postnatal growth acceleration. The pathophysiological interactions of this development are discussed in the light of the experimentum naturae of the IDM (infant of the diabetic mother) and an attempt is made to explain the difference in brain weight increase between males and females.
The significance of meconium staining.; Meconium staining of the placenta and/or fetal body was present at birth in 10.3 per cent of 42,000 live-born infants, but present disproportionately in 18.1 per cent of 788 neonatal deaths. The neonatal mortality rate was 3.3 per cent in the stained group and 1.7 per cent in the nonstained group. Among infants who died, the incidence of erythroblastosis was quadrupled and that of cardiovascular malformation was doubled in the stained group. Meconium staining was associated with a decrease in the expected frequency of hyaline membranes and atelectasis even in premature infants; hypotheses for this phenomenon were presented. Meconium staining of the fetus or placenta requires several hours of exposure. As a hypothesis, the observed increase of deaths in stained neonates may be related to the stresses of cumulative or chronic hypoxia which may occur after the initial passage of meconium if delivery is prolonged.?23AUTHOR
Maternal diabetes affects rat offspring retinal structure and function: Sex-specific vulnerabilities at infancy.; AIMS: Maternal diabetes negatively impacts the offspring's brain, but little is known about its effects on the retina, which is also part of the central nervous system. We hypothesized that maternal diabetes adversely influences offspring retina development leading to structural and functional deficits. MAIN METHODS: Retinal structure and function were evaluated at infancy, by optical coherence tomography and electroretinography, in male and female offspring of control, diabetic and diabetic-treated with insulin Wistar rats. KEY FINDINGS: Maternal diabetes induced a delay in male and female offspring eye-opening, while insulin treatment expedited it. Structural analysis showed that maternal diabetes decreased the thickness of the inner and outer segment layer of photoreceptors in male offspring. Electroretinography also revealed that maternal diabetes decreased the amplitude of scotopic b-wave and flicker response in males, suggesting bipolar cells and cone photoreceptor dysfunction, an effect not observed in females. Conversely, maternal diabetes decreased cone arrestin protein levels in female retinas, while not affecting cone photoreceptor number. Dam insulin therapy was efficient in preventing the offspring photoreceptor changes. SIGNIFICANCE: Our results suggest that photoreceptors are affected by maternal diabetes, which may account for visual impairments at infancy. Notably, both male and female offspring presented specific vulnerabilities to hyperglycemia in this sensitive period of development.
Leptin and vascular endothelial growth factor A: a cross-talk in obese women with gestational diabetes and with diabetes in pregnancy - a cohort study.; Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF A) synthesis is intensified by leptin in: hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1A) and nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NfκB)-dependent manners. The study aimed to investigate the association between leptin and VEGF A serum levels in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy. Sixty obese pregnant women with hyperglycaemia were divided into groups according to body mass index (BMI): group 1: BMI 30.0-34.9 kg/m(2); group 2: BMI 35.0-39.9 kg/m(2); group 3: BMI ≥40 kg/m(2). On the enrolment visit, waist circumference, body mass and height were measured. At visit 1 (V1; gestational week (GW) 28-32) and visit 2 (V2; GW 36-38), anthropometric, blood pressure and heart rate measurements, and blood sample collection were performed. Blood levels of leptin, VEGF A, VEGF receptor 2, HIF-1A, NfκB, interleukin 1 alpha, protein delta homolog 1, nitric oxide and glycated haemoglobin were determined. To analyse the predictors of the biochemical parametres involved in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk, multivariate logistic regression was implemented. Positive correlations between serum levels of leptin and VEGF A were found. Serum level of HIF-1A at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of the serum levels of VEGF A at V1 and V2. Leptin serum level at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of HIF-1A serum concentration at V2. In group 3 HIF-1A level was higher at V2 compared to V1. We conclude that in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy there is a significant positive influence of serum leptin on VEGF A synthesis and serum level and HIF-1A seems to play more important role in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk than NfκB.
Associations between periodontal disease and systemic disease: evaluating the strength of the evidence.; Much work has been published on the association between periodontal disease and systemic disease, including original reports, narrative reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses. Based on the existent work, one can assign an evidence level and grade, using standard evidence-based criteria, to the data available in the four major categories of medical outcomes studied: cardiovascular/cerebrovascular, pregnancy, pulmonary, and diabetes. We discuss methodologic and conceptual problems in the study of oral-systemic associations, focusing as an example on the association between periodontal disease and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease. We argue that the hierarchical ranking of studies by levels of evidence may be misleading. In particular, while randomized controlled trials (RCTs) are needed to determine the efficacy of periodontal treatment to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events, they may be of limited value in determining the etiologic role of periodontal disease on coronary heart disease and stroke. We discuss limitations of RCTs as well as the limitations of currently available data from epidemiologic studies, including study design and confounding and misclassification errors. We conclude that well-designed observational studies into the associations between periodontal disease and systemic disease need to remain an integral component of future research efforts in order to fully understand such associations.
Anesthetic management of vaginal delivery in a parturient with hemochromatosis induced end-organ failure.; The vast majority of females affected by hemochromatosis are asymptomatic during childbearing years. We were able to provide effective obstetric anesthesia care to a 35-year-old woman with severe hemochromatosis. She had systolic heart failure with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 15%, severe pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, a history of ventricular tachycardia, cirrhosis, obstructive sleep apnea, gestational diabetes, and severe scoliosis. A multidisciplinary approach was used to stabilize her heart failure and prepare her for childbirth. An arterial line and epidural analgesic were placed before induction of labor. Vaginal delivery was accomplished with passive decent of the fetus and forceps assistance. We discuss hemochromatosis and its implications for the parturient.
Effect of pregnancy on diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether pregnancy worsens renal function in women with diabetic nephropathy and the effect of pregnancy on diabetic retinopathy. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analytical study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: The study was conducted in OPD, Bahawal Victoria Hospital, Bahawalpur from September 1997 to June 2003. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty-five patients (aged 20-36 years ) identified with diabetic nephropathy and moderate to severe renal dysfunction(creatinine [Cr] > 1.4 mg/dl) at pregnancy onset by retrospective chart review. Alterations in glomerular filtration rate (GFR) were estimated. An equal number of non-pregnant premenopausal type I diabetic women with similar degrees of renal dysfunction served as controls for non-pregnant rate of decline of renal function and potential contributing factors. Student's t-test and repeated measures analysis of variance were analyzed. RESULTS: Mean serum Cr rose from 1.8 mg/dl prepregnancy to 2.5 mg/dl in the third trimester. Renal function was stable in 27%, showed transient worsening in pregnancy in 27%, and demonstrated a permanent decline in 45%. Proteinuria increased in pregnancy in 79%. Exacerbation of hypertension or pre-eclampsia occurred in 73% and 71% of these showed acceleration of disease during the pregnancy. All the patients had diabetic retinopathy, though proliferative retinopathy was diagnosed and treated in only 54.5.% prepregnancy. The retinopathy progressed, requiring laser therapy, in 45.4%. Macular edema was noted in 6 of the patients. Other diabetic complications included peripheral and autonomic neuropathy in 8 patients. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy induced progression is seen in the decline of renal functions. Patients with diabetic nephropathy were found to have a > 40% chance of accelerated progression of their disease as a result of pregnancy. Forty-five percent of the patients had permanent decline in GFR in association with pregnancy.
[Clinical implications of polycystic ovary syndrome].; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous and complex endocrine disease which among the female population belongs to the most widespread endocrinopathies and it is the most frequent cause of hyperthyroidism, anticoagulation and infertility. Insulin resistance is one of the important diabetology factors impacting hyperglycaemia in a majority of women with PCOS (60-80 %). Clinical expressions of PCOS include reproduction disorders, metabolic characteristics and psychological implications. Reproduction disorders include hyperthyroidism, menstruation cycle disorders, infertility and pregnancy complications as well as early abortions, gestational diabetes and pregnancy induced hypertension. Long-term metabolic risks of PCOS include type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, arterial hypertension and endothelial dysfunction. The available data confirms higher incidence of cardiovascular diseases in women with PCOS. In particular among obese women PCOS is more frequently associated with non-alcoholic hepatic steatosis, sleep apnoea syndrome and endometrial cancer. The literature includes some controversial data about the relationship between PCOS and autoimmunity. Women with PCOS are more prone to suffer from insufficient confidence with higher incidence of anxiety, depression, bipolar disorder and eating disorders. KEY WORDS: autoimmunity - diabetes mellitus - pregnancy - insulin resistance - metabolic syndrome - menstrual disorders - polycystic ovary syndrome.
Management of ischaemic heart disease in women of child-bearing age.; Ischaemic heart disease is rare in young women but is expected to increase with increasing average age of child bearing. Diagnosis of myocardial ischaemia in this group is complicated by limited data about maternal and fetal safety of the standard diagnostic tests routinely used in other patients. Management of these patients remains difficult, as many standard treatments, such as beta-blockers and angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors are pregnancy category C or D, and there is little experience with many of the newer treatments such as coronary artery stenting, clopidogrel and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors in pregnancy. An interesting case of a woman, who had an acute myocardial infarction treated with thrombolysis and coronary artery stenting, and who subsequently became pregnant, is reported here, and other published reports regarding the management of coronary artery disease, both acute and chronic, in pregnant women are explored.
The Maternal Microbiome and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Cause and Effect.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health concern that affects many pregnancies globally. The condition is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, placental abruption, preterm birth, stillbirth, and fetal growth restriction. In the long-term, mothers and children have an increased risk of developing metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Accumulating evidence suggest that alterations in the maternal microbiome may play a role in the pathogenesis of GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. This review describes changes in the maternal microbiome during the physiological adaptations of pregnancy, GDM and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Findings from this review highlight the importance of understanding the link between the maternal microbiome and GDM. Furthermore, new therapeutic approaches to prevent or better manage GDM are discussed. Further research and clinical trials are necessary to fully realize the therapeutic potential of the maternal microbiome and translate these findings into clinical practice.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and infant mortality: Roles of birthweight centiles and gestational age.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the effect of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) on infant mortality in different birthweight centiles (small for gestational age [SGA], appropriate for gestational age [AGA], and large for gestational age [LGA]) and gestational ages (early preterm, late preterm, and full term). DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Linked birth and infant death data set of USA between 1995 and 2000. POPULATION: A total of 17 464 560 eligible liveborn singleton births delivered after 20th gestational week. METHODS: Multivariate logistic regression models were applied to evaluate the association between PIH and infant mortality, with adjustment of potential confounders stratified by birthweight centiles and gestational age. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Infant death (0-364 days) and its three components: early neonatal death (0-6 days), late neonatal death (7-27 days), and postneonatal death (28-364 days). RESULTS: PIH was associated with decreased risks of infant mortality, early neonatal mortality, and late neonatal mortality in both preterm and term SGA births, and PIH was associated with lower postneonatal mortality in preterm SGA births. PIH was associated with decreased risks of infant mortality, early neonatal mortality, late neonatal mortality and postneonatal mortality in preterm AGA births. Decreased risk of infant mortality and early neonatal mortality was associated with PIH in early preterm LGA births. CONCLUSIONS: The association between PIH and infant mortality varies depending on different birthweight centiles, gestational age, and age at death. PIH is associated with a decreased risk of infant mortality in SGA births, preterm AGA births, and early preterm LGA births.
Benefits of exercise in the prenatal and postnatal period.; AIM: The main aim of the article is find benefits of exercise during and after pregnancy. STUDY TYPE: Review article. METHODS: Search for meta-analyzes and system reports in PubMed, JCR, Medline, Scopus databases. RESULT: Regular exercise is associated with a lower risk of macrosomy and caesarean section during childbirth. Depression is a  common complication in the prenatal and postnatal period due to increased stress and insufficient social support. Exercise is a potential non-pharmacological therapy. Regular exercise is also associated with lowering blood glucose and improving insulin sensitivity. To optimize weight and overweight, exercise is one of the main parts of treatment. Another therapeutic possibility of using the exercise is to influence the pain in the lumbosacral area and also the pain in the pelvic area. Another variant of exercises are exercises to strengthen the pelvic floor. Exercise of the pelvic floor muscles in the perinatal period is an effective method for preventing postpartum urinary incontinence. CONCLUSION: Exercise is an important part of therapy in the prenatal and postnatal period.
Pregnancy complications and premature cardiovascular events among 1.6 million California pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular complications of pregnancy present an opportunity to assess risk for subsequent cardiovascular disease. We sought to determine whether peripartum cardiomyopathy and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy subtypes predict future myocardial infarction, heart failure or stroke independent of one another and of other risks such as gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction. METHODS AND RESULTS: The California Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project database was used to identify all hospitalised pregnancies from 2005 to 2009, with follow-up through 2011, for a retrospective cohort study. Pregnancies, exposures, covariates and outcomes were defined by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes. Among 1.6 million pregnancies (mean age 28 years; median follow-up time to event excluding censoring 2.7 years), 558 cases of peripartum cardiomyopathy, 123 603 hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 107 636 cases of gestational diabetes, 116 768 preterm births and 23 504 cases of intrauterine growth restriction were observed. Using multivariable Cox proportional hazards models, peripartum cardiomyopathy was independently associated with a 39.2-fold increase in heart failure (95% CI 30.0 to 51.9), resulting in ~1 additional hospitalisation per 1000 person-years. There was a 13.0-fold increase in myocardial infarction (95% CI 4.1 to 40.9) and a 7.7-fold increase in stroke (95% CI 2.4 to 24.0). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with 1.4-fold (95% CI 1.0 to 2.0) to 7.6-fold (95% CI 5.4 to 10.7) higher risk of myocardial infarction, heart failure and stroke, resulting in a maximum of ~1 additional event per 1000 person-years. Gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction had more modest associations. CONCLUSION: These findings support close monitoring of women with cardiovascular pregnancy complications for prevention of early cardiovascular events and study of mechanisms underlying their development.
Cardiovascular Disease in Women: From Pathophysiology to Novel and Emerging Risk Factors.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in Australian women, as well as men, with clear disparities in treatment and outcomes between the sexes. Moreover, disease pathophysiology differs between the sexes, with women more likely to suffer from microvascular coronary disease, endothelial dysfunction and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, as compared to men, who are more likely to experience macrovascular disease or heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. Evidence suggests that both traditional and novel cardiovascular risk factors are often under-recognised and under-treated in women. Certain 'traditional' risk factors, including diabetes mellitus and smoking, may also portend a greater risk of cardiovascular disease in women than men. Furthermore, a number of female-specific risk factors have been identified as increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease in women, including pre-term delivery, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Currently, these factors are not included in primary prevention risk stratification tools, nor are they routinely considered in a cardiovascular assessment at a clinical level. This represents a missed opportunity, as early identification may allow for risk factor modification and possible amelioration of the disease burden. This review explores the role of traditional, sex-specific and novel risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women, in addition to pathophysiological differences between the sexes, and contributing societal and behavioural factors. These differences argue strongly for a 'precision medicine' approach to cardiovascular disease that includes sex as a key component.
Association between Birth Characteristics and Cardiovascular Autonomic Function at Mid-Life.; BACKGROUND: Low birth weight is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. As abnormal cardiac autonomic function is a common feature in cardiovascular diseases, we tested the hypothesis that low birth weight may also be associated with poorer cardiac autonomic function in middle-aged subjects. METHODS: At the age of 46, the subjects of the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966 were invited to examinations including questionnaires about health status and life style and measurement of vagally-mediated heart rate variability (rMSSD) from R-R intervals (RRi) and spontaneous baroreflex sensitivity (BRS) in both seated and standing positions. Maternal parameters had been collected in 1965-1966 since the 16th gestational week and birth variables immediately after delivery. For rMSSD, 1,799 men and 2,279 women without cardiorespiratory diseases and diabetes were included and 902 men and 1,020 women for BRS. The analyses were adjusted for maternal (age, anthropometry, socioeconomics, parity, gestational smoking) and adult variables (life style, anthropometry, blood pressure, glycemic and lipid status) potentially confounding the relationship between birth weight and autonomic function. RESULTS: In men, birth weight correlated negatively with seated (r = -0.058, p = 0.014) and standing rMSSD (r = -0.090, p<0.001), as well as with standing BRS (r = -0.092, p = 0.006). These observations were verified using relevant birth weight categories (<2,500 g; 2,500-3,999 g; ≥4,000 g). In women, birth weight was positively correlated with seated BRS (r = 0.081, p = 0.010), but none of the other measures of cardiovascular autonomic function. These correlations remained significant after adjustment for potential confounders (p<0.05 for all). CONCLUSIONS: In men, higher birth weight was independently associated with poorer cardiac autonomic function at mid-life. Same association was not observed in women. Our findings suggest that higher, not lower, birth weight in males may contribute to less favourable cardiovascular autonomic regulation and potentially to an elevated cardiovascular risk in later life.
Corticotropin-releasing hormone-induced vasodilatation in the human fetal-placental circulation: involvement of the nitric oxide-cyclic guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate-mediated pathway.; This study has used an in vitro perfusion method to investigate the mechanism by which CRH causes vasodilatation in the human fetal-placental circulation. In normal term placentas, vasodilatory responses to human CRH (24-7000 pmol/L) were examined during submaximal vasoconstriction (100-120 mm Hg) of the fetal-placental vasculature induced by prostaglandin F2 alpha (0.7-2 mumol/L), KCl (50-100 mmol/L), or the thromboxane A2 mimetic, U46619 (0.05-0.5 mumol/L). Infusion of CRH caused a concentration-dependent vasodilatation that was similar in the presence of each constrictor agent (P > 0.05). The CRH antagonist, alpha-helical CRH-(9-41) (200 pmol/L), and a polyclonal CRH antiserum significantly inhibited CRH-induced vasodilatation during constriction with prostaglandin F2 alpha (P < 0.05). Vasodilatory responses to CRH were attenuated by the nitric oxide synthase inhibitor, N omega-nitro-L-arginine (100 mumol/L; P < 0.05), and the guanylate cyclase inhibitor, LY 83583 (1 mumol/L; P < 0.05), but not by the cyclooxygenase inhibitor, indomethacin (3 mumol/L; P > 0.05). In placentas of women with increased fetal vascular resistance, as demonstrated by Doppler ultrasound waveforms in vivo, CRH-induced vasodilatation was significantly reduced (P < 0.05). These results indicate that in the human fetal-placental circulation, CRH causes a vasodilatory response via a nitric oxide-/cGMP-dependent pathway. CRH may play a role in the control of vascular resistance to blood flow in the normal human placenta, and there may be a deficiency in the CRH signaling pathway of placentas with increased fetal vascular resistance.
Update on sex specific risk factors in cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide and accounts for roughly 1 in 5 deaths in the United States. Women in particular face significant disparities in their cardiovascular care when compared to men, both in the diagnosis and treatment of CVD. Sex differences exist in the prevalence and effect of cardiovascular risk factors. For example, women with history of traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, tobacco use, and diabetes carry a higher risk of major cardiovascular events and mortality when compared to men. These discrepancies in terms of the relative risk of CVD when traditional risk factors are present appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed differences among men and women. Sex-specific cardiovascular disease research-from identification, risk stratification, and treatment-has received increasing recognition in recent years, highlighting the current underestimated association between CVD and a woman's obstetric and reproductive history. In this comprehensive review, sex-specific risk factors unique to women including adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and newborn size for gestational age, as well as premature menarche, menopause and vasomotor symptoms, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and infertility will be discussed in full detail and their association with CVD risk. Additional entities including spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), coronary microvascular disease (CMD), systemic autoimmune disorders, and mental and behavioral health will also be discussed in terms of their prevalence among women and their association with CVD. In this comprehensive review, we will also provide clinicians with a guide to address current knowledge gaps including implementation of a sex-specific patient questionnaire to allow for appropriate risk assessment, stratification, and prevention of CVD in women.
Gender-specific care of diabetes.; Diabetic men have benefited in the last 30 years from a significant improvement in total and cardiovascular mortality, whereas diabetic women have had no improvement at all. Moreover, recent research focused on the role of sex hormones in glucose homeostasis, and might account for different pathophysiologic mechanisms in the development of diabetes-related complications. Thus, care of diabetic women is a challenge that requires particular attention. The available data regarding gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus are uneven, rich in some domains but very poor in others. The large prospective trials performed in the last 20 years have assumed that the natural history of diabetes mellitus in men and women, as well as the efficiency of glucose-lowering therapies and management of hyperglycemic-related complications, could be attributable without distinction to men and women. We propose in this paper to analyze the published medical literature according to the specific management of diabetes mellitus in women, and to try to distinguish some particular features. We found important distinctions between diabetic men and women regarding the patterns of abnormalities of glucose regulation, epidemiology, development of diabetes-related complications, ischemic heart disease, morbidity and mortality, impact of cardiovascular risk factors, development of the metabolic syndrome, depression and osteoporosis, as well as the impact of lifestyle modifications or primary and secondary preventions on cardiovascular risk factors, and finally medical therapeutics. Moreover, special considerations were given to some particular aspects of the medical life in diabetic women, such as the features of gestational diabetes mellitus and the management of pregnancy in pregestational diabetic women, use of contraception, hormone-replacement therapy and polycystic ovary syndrome.
The effect of maternal diabetes on the expression of gamma-aminobutyric acid and metabotropic glutamate receptors in male newborn rats' inferior colliculi.; OBJECTIVES: Few studies have examined the molecular alterations in the auditory pathway of infants of diabetic mothers, notwithstanding the fact that maternal diabetes may have an impact on the development of the neonatal peripheral and central nervous systems. Male newborn rats were studied to determine how maternal diabetes affected the expression of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA(Aα1) and GABA(B1)) and metabotropic glutamate (mGlu2) receptors in the inferior colliculus (IC) in this research. METHODS: Female rats were given a single intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ) at a 65 mg/kg dose to develop a model of diabetic mothers. The study population was split into sham, diabetes without treatment, and diabetes with insulin groups. Their male neonatal rats were anesthetized on P0, P7, and P14 after mating and delivery. The receptors' distribution pattern was studied using immunohistochemistry (IHC). RESULTS: Pairwise comparison in the groups revealed that the GABA receptors (Aα1 and B1) were significantly downregulated in the diabetes without treatment group (p<0.001). Furthermore, pairwise comparison in the groups indicated significant mGlu2 upregulation in the diabetes without treatment group (p<0.001). Regarding the concentration of all receptors, there was no discernible distinction between the diabetes with insulin and sham groups. CONCLUSIONS: This investigation showed that the concentration of GABA(Aα1) and GABA(B1) receptors decreased significantly over time, whereas the concentration of mGlu2 receptors increased significantly over time in male neonatal rats born to streptozotocin-induced diabetic mothers.
Changes in the rate of tubal ligation done after cesarean section.; OBJECTIVE: We studied tubal ligations done after cesarean section in a Spanish hospital during a 20-year period, in order to analyze changes in patient characteristics and indications for cesarean delivery. STUDY DESIGN: We reviewed the clinical records, for the period from 1978 to 1997, of 1996 cases of cesarean section followed by tubal ligation in 108776 births in which the fetus weighed 1000 g or more. RESULTS: During the 20-year period of study, the proportion of cesarean sections relative to vaginal deliveries increased, as did the frequency of cesarean section followed by tubal ligation relative to cesarean and vaginal deliveries. The proportion of women who underwent tubal ligation after a second cesarean section decreased from 60% during 1978-1982 to 5.6% during 1993-1997. The most frequent maternal pathology associated with gestation was previous cesarean section (60.5%), although 50% of the women had no underlying pathology. CONCLUSIONS: In our setting, the rate of cesarean section followed by tubal ligation has been increasing steadily since the early 1980s. The proportion of women who requested tubal sterilization and who had only one living child, or who had had a previous cesarean birth, also increased.
Relationship between cerebroplacental Doppler ratio and birth weight in postdates pregnancies.; OBJECTIVES: To explore the relationship between cerebroplacental Doppler impedance index and birth weight in postdates pregnancies, and to evaluate the use of a combination of Doppler parameters and ultrasound biometry in the prediction of large-for-gestational age (LGA) fetuses at 41 weeks of gestation. METHODS: The pulsatility indices of the umbilical (UA-PI) and middle cerebral (MCA-PI) arteries, the cerebroplacental pulsatility index ratio (CPR) and the estimated fetal weight (EFW) were obtained in a cohort of 181 ultrasound-dated pregnancies at 41 weeks' gestation, 2 days before induction of delivery. A regression equation was established and the correlation between umbilical artery impedance and different birth-weight centile groups was determined. A receiver-operating characteristics (ROC) curve was used to compare prediction of LGA fetuses using biometry alone with that using biometry and UA-PI. RESULTS: UA-PI was inversely related to EFW (Spearson's correlation coefficient rho = -0.28, P < 0.001). Logistic regression showed an independent contribution of UA-PI to the birth-weight estimation (birth weight = 1356.8 - 232.0 x UA-PI + 0.65 x EFW). On ROC curve analysis, the prediction of LGA with the regression equation was comparable to that using ultrasound biometry alone. CONCLUSION: UA-PI was inversely correlated to EFW, but the combination of ultrasound biometry and UA-PI compared with biometry alone showed similar prediction of LGA fetuses in postdates pregnancies. Further prospective trials on larger populations or groups with a higher prevalence of LGA fetuses would be needed to validate the use of the new formula.
Body and breathing movements in near-term fetuses and newborn infants of type-1 diabetic women.; The generation of body and breathing movements was studied in relation to behavioural states in near-term fetuses (n = 12) and newborn infants (n = 7) of women with well-controlled type-1 diabetes. Results obtained from low-risk fetuses (n = 12) and neonates (n = 14) were used for comparison. Before birth, 2-h recordings were made of fetal heart rate and of fetal body movements, breathing and eye movements; the neonates were studied polygraphically during 6 h for heart rate, body movements, respiration, eye movements and EEG-pattern. The generation of body movements was similar in the fetuses of the diabetic and control groups. After birth, the duration per burst was longer in the diabetic group, both in state 1 and state 2, resulting in increased incidences. The incidence of fetal breathing movements tended to be higher in the diabetic group, but differences with the control group did not reach statistical significance. Breathing rate was considerably slower in fetuses of diabetic women than in control fetuses, both in C1F (P less than 0.001) and C2F (P less than 0.002). This indicates altered regulation of breathing movements in diabetic pregnancy. In the neonates, breathing rate was identical in both groups. In either group breathing was slower in state 1 than in state 2; such a difference was not present before birth. Periodic breathing occurred more often in the infants of diabetic women, especially in state 2 (P less than 0.02). Behavioural state organization was poor in the diabetic group, both before and after birth and resembled that of more immature fetuses and infants. The continuity of the poor behavioural state regulation from prenatal into postnatal life indicates that this cannot be attributed to the instantaneous unfavourable condition before birth.
Persistence of impaired insulin secretion in infant rhesus monkeys that had been hyperinsulinemic in utero.; Chronic in utero hyperinsulinemia in the fetal rhesus monkey produces a number of changes in the fetus that are similar to those found in the human infant of the diabetic mother, including macrosomia, selective organomegaly, and altered insulin secretion during the neonatal period. The chronically hyperinsulinemic fetal rhesus model has been used to test the hypothesis that the effects of chronic hyperinsulinemia persist beyond the neonatal period into later life and may, in part, be responsible for the increased prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes found in the human infant of the diabetic mother. We report that infant rhesus monkeys that had plasma insulin concentrations of approximately 10 times basal levels (2176 +/- 808 pmol compared to 172 +/- 101 pmol) exhibited reduced insulin secretion during the first 5 months of life. The integrated incremental change in plasma insulin and immunoreactive C-peptide (IRCP) concentration was significantly reduced by approximately 50% in response to i.v. glucose, arginine, and tolbutamide when given at 3, 4, and 5 months of age. The response to glucagon at 2 months of age was equivocal with a significantly reduced insulin response but without the corresponding IRCP reduction. There was no difference between groups in insulin sensitivity as measured at 6 months of age by an i.v. insulin tolerance test. The glucagon and glucose tolerance tests were repeated annually in both groups until the animals were 3 yr of age with no differences in insulin or IRCP secretion being observed. We conclude that chronic in utero euglycemic hyperinsulinemia results in impaired insulin secretion that persists beyond the neonatal period.
Macrocephaly, obesity, mental (intellectual) disability, and ocular abnormalities: alternative definition and further delineation of MOMO syndrome.; MOMO syndrome, previously defined as Macrosomia, Obesity, Macrocephaly, and Ocular abnormalities (OMIM 157980) is a rare intellectual disability syndrome of unknown cause. We describe two further patients with MOMO syndrome. Reported data of patients with MOMO syndrome and our own findings indicate that overgrowth does not appear to be a specific feature. We propose to form the acronym "MOMO" from Macrocephaly, Obesity, Mental (intellectual) disability, and Ocular abnormalities, excluding macrosomia from the syndrome name. The combination of obesity, macrocephaly, and colobomas is unique, therefore these features can be used as major diagnostic criteria of MOMO syndrome.
Fetal proinsulin and birth weight.; In both diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies fetal insulin is an important anabolic hormone. Fetal hyperinsulinaemia is associated with accelerated fetal growth and increased birth weight. Insulin and C-peptide concentrations in both umbilical cord and amniotic fluid reflect fetal beta-cell secretion and are correlated with birth weight. In the present study umbilical venous proinsulin and insulin concentrations were measured in 54 term infants born to women with and without mild disturbances of glucose tolerance. Umbilical venous cord proinsulin, assayed using a highly specific immunoradiometric assay, was independently correlated with infant birth weight (Rho = 0.53, p < 0.0001) and birth percentile (Rho = 0.65, p < 0.0001). The correlation between birth weight and birth percentile weight with umbilical venous insulin, measured using a non-specific insulin assay, was lost following correction for the influence of proinsulin. Umbilical venous cord proinsulin appears to be a good indicator of fetal beta-cell activity, and in this study, a superior marker to insulin assayed using a non-specific insulin radioimmunoassay. The longer half-life of proinsulin compared with insulin may contribute to proinsulin being a more robust marker of overall fetal beta-cell activity than insulin.
[Labor monitoring in high-risk situations].; Intrapartum asphyxia is increased in several situations such as intrauterine growth retardation, preterm labor, postdate pregnancy or maternal diabetes. In all these cases, fetal heart rate monitoring should be preferred to intermittent auscultation. Fetal scalp blood pH or lactates can be used to identify fetuses at risk of intrapartum asphyxia. However, fetal scalp blood sampling should not delay delivery in case of severe abnormal fetal heart rate as fetal asphyxia could occur rapidly in theses high-risk pregnancies. Data is insufficient to recommend fetal pulse oximetry or ECG analysis. Research should be undertaken to evaluate their performance in these situations.
Molecular and disease association of gestational diabetes mellitus affected mother and placental datasets reveal a strong link between insulin growth factor (IGF) genes in amino acid transport pathway: A network biology approach.; Discerning the relationship between molecules involved in diseases based on their underlying biological mechanisms is one of the greatest challenges in therapeutic development today. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications during pregnancy, which adversely affects both mothers and offspring during and after pregnancy. We have constructed two datasets of (GDM associated genes from affected mother and placenta to systematically analyze and evaluate their interactions like gene-gene, gene-protein, gene-microRNA (miRNA), gene-transcription factors, and gene-associated diseases to enhance our current knowledge, which may lead to further advancements in disease diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment. The results identify the key genes with respect to maternal dataset as insulin receptor, insulin (INS), leptin (LEP), glucokinase, and hepatocyte nuclear factor 1 alpha, whereas from placenta include insulin-like growth factor 1, growth hormone receptor, and breast cancer anti-estrogen resistance protein 1, which are found to be highly enriched in pancreas, ovary, adipocyte, heart, and placental tissues. The key transcription factors include Sp1 transcription factor, pancreatic and duodenal homeobox 1, and hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha, whereas miRNA includes has-miR-5699-5p and has-miR-3158-3p. The study also reveals that GDM has associations with diseases like type I and II diabetes mellitus, obesity, and preeclampsia. More significantly, we could trace out a significant connection between the key molecules like LEP and placental growth hormone from mother and placental dataset, which plays a critical role in INS secretion, INS signaling, and β-cell dysfunction pathways.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Unique Opportunities for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Women: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association.; This statement summarizes evidence that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational-age delivery, placental abruption, and pregnancy loss increase a woman's risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and of developing subsequent CVD (including fatal and nonfatal coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure). This statement highlights the importance of recognizing APOs when CVD risk is evaluated in women, although their value in reclassifying risk may not be established. A history of APOs is a prompt for more vigorous primordial prevention of CVD risk factors and primary prevention of CVD. Adopting a heart-healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting in the postpartum setting and continuing across the life span, are important lifestyle interventions to decrease CVD risk. Lactation and breastfeeding may lower a woman's later cardiometabolic risk. Black and Asian women experience a higher proportion APOs, with more severe clinical presentation and worse outcomes, than White women. More studies on APOs and CVD in non-White women are needed to better understand and address these health disparities. Future studies of aspirin, statins, and metformin may better inform our recommendations for pharmacotherapy in primary CVD prevention among women who have had an APO. Several opportunities exist for health care systems to improve transitions of care for women with APOs and to implement strategies to reduce their long-term CVD risk. One proposed strategy includes incorporation of the concept of a fourth trimester into clinical recommendations and health care policy.
Somatomedin-like activity, prolactin, growth hormone and insulin in human cord blood.; In order to assess the possible influence of fetal polypeptide hormones on birth size, somatomedin-like receptor activity (SmLRA) (n = 281), prolactin (n = 158), growth hormone (n = 133) and insulin (n = 108) concentrations were measured in the cord blood of 281 singleton infants born after different complications of pregnancy. Infant sex did not significantly affect the concentration of any hormone. SmLRA concentrations appeared to rise from 25 to 38 weeks of gestation, but thereafter fell. Concentrations of prolactin, growth hormone and insulin correlated negatively with gestational age. Insulin emerged as the hormone most clearly related to fetal growth, since concentrations were high (mean +/- SD = 20.6 +/- 11.5 uU/ml) in serum from infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) and other large-for-dates infants (10.1 +/- 4.8 uU/ml), but low (5.3 +/- 0.5 uU/ml) in infants who were small-for-dates (SFD). In contrast, SmLRA concentrations were high in serum from SFD infants (0.63 +/- 0.29 U/ml) and low in IDM (0.43 +/- 0.16 U/ml). Prolactin concentrations were higher in serum from SFD infants (212 +/- 101 ng/ml) and from IDM (237 +/- 182 ng/ml) than from normal infants born at term (139 +/- 68 ng/ml). Administration of intramuscular betamethasone to pregnant women in premature labour resulted in significant elevations in the concentrations of prolactin and insulin in cord blood.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome--prognosis and outcomes.; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a condition that is present in 5-6% of women of reproductive age. It has potentially profound implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility and symptoms related to elevated androgen levels. In addition, in later life women are prone to significant health problems related to hyperinsulinaemia, with an excess risk for diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors. Evidence suggests that the adverse features of PCOS can be ameliorated with lifestyle intervention, such as diet and exercise, while further short-term benefits related to ovulation and cardiac risk factors may be derived from medication with metformin. Evidence for the long-term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes and for the use of metformin throughout pregnancy to reduce the risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and fetal macrosomia is still lacking.
[Asymmetrical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in neonates of diabetic mothers].; In 11 neonates of diabetic mothers echocardiography was systematically performed and led to the discovery of 6 cases with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. This abnormality, which may induce cardiorespiratory failure, is usually benign and consists of systolic murmur and transitory cardiomegaly; all these symptoms spontaneously regress within a few weeks. This cardiomyopathy may present with obstructive signs requiring treatment with beta adrenergic blocking agents; however, it is more often pure and needs no treatment. It may be observed after pregnancies that were not well supervised and might be induced by fetal hyperinsulinism.
Inhibition of Cardiomyogenesis in Embryocarcinoma Cells Induced by Long-Term High Level of Glucose.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Cardiac myocytes constitute the first differentiated cell type during mammalian heart formation with the ability to beat spontaneously and rhythmically. Hyperglycemia is a primary risk factor for cardiovascular disease in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM). However, the impact that hyperglycemia has on cardiac progenitors or on precursors differentiation remains poorly understood. The aim of the present study is to investigate whether hyperglycemia affects cardiomyogenesis of embryocarcinoma cells. METHODS: P19CL6 cells differentiation induced by 1% DMSO was evaluated under either normal glucose (5.6 mmol/L) or high level of glucose concentrations (20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L). To investigate the effect of long-term high level of glucose on cardiomyocytes differentiation, sarcomeric α-actinin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor coactivator-1 (PGC-1α), transcription factor GATA4 and Nkx2.5 were assessed by qRT-PCR analysis, western blot and immunofluorescence. RESULTS: We observed that long-term high level of glucose markedly reduced P19CL6 cells differentiation into cardiomyocytes. The change in PGC-1α expression was consistent with changes in cardiac muscle myosin expression after exposure to 20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L of glucose. On the other hand, the high level of glucose concentration profoundly decreased both GATA4 and Nkx2-5 expressions from day 6 to day 12 after differentiation, which was induced by 1% DMSO. CONCLUSION: Our results elucidate that the effect resulting from the long-term exposure of cardiac progenitors to high level of glucose is associated with decreased expression of GATA4 and Nkx2.5, providing a novel mechanism by which high glucose is able to affect cell differentiation.
Advances in revealing the molecular targets downstream of oxidative stress-induced proapoptotic kinase signaling in diabetic embryopathy.; Preexisting maternal diabetes is a high-risk factor of diabetic embryopathy, such as neural tube defects and congenital heart defects. Maternal diabetes significantly increases the production of reactive oxygen species, resulting in oxidative stress and diabetic embryopathy. Multiple cellular and metabolic factors contribute to these processes. Forkhead box O (FoxO)-3a has been demonstrated as a key transcription factor in the signaling transduction pathways responsible for maternal diabetes-induced birth defects. Apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1 (ASK1) activated by oxidative stress stimulates nuclear translocation of FoxO3a, resulting in the overexpression of tumor necrosis factor receptor 1-associated death domain protein, which, in turn, leads to caspase-8 activation and apoptosis. Maternal diabetes-activated c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK)-1/2, downstream effectors of ASK1, can be blocked by superoxide dismutase-1 overexpression, suggesting that oxidative stress is responsible for JNK1/2 signaling activation. Deletion of JNK1/2 significantly suppressed the activity of FoxO3a. These observations indicate that maternal diabetes-induced oxidative stress stimulates the activation of ASK1, JNK1/2, FoxO3a, tumor necrosis factor receptor 1-associated death domain protein, caspase-8 cleavage, and finally, apoptosis and diabetic embryopathy.
Early Onset Preeclampsia Is Associated With Glycocalyx Degradation and Reduced Microvascular Perfusion.; Background The endothelial glycocalyx is a vasoprotective barrier between the blood and endothelium. We hypothesized that glycocalyx degradation is present in preeclampsia, a pregnancy-specific hypertensive disorder characterized by endothelial dysfunction and activation. Methods and Results We examined the sublingual glycocalyx noninvasively using sidestream dark field imaging in the third trimester among women with normotensive pregnancies (n=73), early (n=14) or late (n=29) onset preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes mellitus (n=21). We calculated the width of the glycocalyx that was permeable to red blood cells (called the perfused boundary region, a measure of glycocalyx degradation) and the percentage of vessels that were filled with red blood cells ≥50% of the time (a measure of microvascular perfusion). In addition, we measured circulating levels of glycocalyx components, including heparan sulfate proteoglycans, hyaluronic acid, and SDC1 (syndecan 1), in a subset of participants by ELISA . Repeated-measures ANOVA was performed to adjust for vessel diameter and caffeine intake. Women with early onset preeclampsia showed higher glycocalyx degradation, indicated by a larger perfused boundary region (mean: 2.14 [95% CI, 2.05-2.20]), than the remaining groups (mean: normotensive: 1.99 [95% CI, 1.95-2.02], P=0.002; late-onset preeclampsia: 2.01 [95% CI, 1.96-2.07], P=0.024; gestational diabetes mellitus: 1.97 [95% CI, 1.91-2.04], P=0.004). The percentage of vessels that were filled with red blood cells was significantly lower in early onset preeclampsia. These structural glycocalyx changes were accompanied by elevated plasma concentrations of the glycocalyx components, heparan sulfate proteoglycans and hyaluronic acid, in early onset preeclampsia compared with normotensive pregnancy. Conclusions Glycocalyx degradation and reduced microvascular perfusion are associated with endothelial dysfunction and activation and vascular injury in early onset preeclampsia.
Rapid onset of essential fatty acid deficiency in the newborn.; To study the effect of fat-free alimentation on essential fatty acids (EFA), their levels in plasma phospholipids, cholesterol esters, triglycerides, and free fatty acids were measured in five sick newborns. Four patients were under 32 weeks of gestation; three were small for gestational age and one was an infant of a diabetic mother. All developed biochemical evidence of EFA deficiency during the first week of life--the smallest infant did so by the second day. Biochemical evidence of EFA deficiency included a decrease in plasma lipid arachidonic and linoleic acids, an increase in 5,8,11-eicosatrienoic acid, palmitoleic, and oleic acids and a trienoic/tetraenoic ratio of more than 0.4. Oral feeding with EFA reversed these changes. The two infants showing the most severe biochemical evidence of EFA deficiency died. Neither exchange transfusion nor multiple blood transfusions prevented or corrected the development of EFA deficiency. An alternative method for efficient and safe delivery of EFA to such infants is required.
The BRAzil MAGnesium (BRAMAG) trial: a randomized clinical trial of oral magnesium supplementation in pregnancy for the prevention of preterm birth and perinatal and maternal morbidity.; BACKGROUND: Preterm birth is the leading cause of infant mortality globally, including Brazil. We will evaluate whether oral magnesium citrate reduces the risk of placental dysfunction and its negative consequences for both the fetus and mother, which, in turn, should reduce the need for indicated preterm delivery. METHODS/DESIGN: We will complete a multicenter, randomized double-blind clinical trial comparing oral magnesium citrate 150 mg twice daily (n = 2000 women) to matched placebo (n = 1000 women), starting at 121/7 to 206/7 weeks gestation and continued until delivery. We will include women at higher risk for placental dysfunction, based on clinical factors from a prior pregnancy (e.g., prior preterm delivery, stillbirth or preeclampsia) or the current pregnancy (e.g., chronic hypertension, pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, maternal age > 35 years or pre-pregnancy maternal body mass index > 30 kg/m2). The primary perinatal outcome is a composite of preterm birth < 37 weeks gestation, stillbirth > 20 weeks gestation, neonatal death < 28 days, or SGA birthweight < 3rd percentile. The primary composite maternal outcome is preeclampsia arising < 37 weeks gestation, severe non-proteinuric hypertension arising < 37 weeks gestation, placental abruption, maternal stroke during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery, or maternal death during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery. DISCUSSION: The results of this randomized clinical trial may be especially relevant in low and middle income countries that have high rates of prematurity and limited resources for acute newborn and maternal care. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT02032186, registered December 19, 2013.
Similarities and differences between the risk factors for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia: A population based cohort study in south China.; OBJECTIVES: To compare the risk factors for gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia (PE) in the same population, which may provide clues to better understanding of their etiologic mechanisms. METHODS: We conducted a cohort study in Liuyang, China, during 2010-2011. Twelve potential risk factors were investigated, including maternal age, body mass index at first antenatal visit, gender of newborn, parity, abortion history, smoking history, family history of hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy complications of diabetes mellitus/renal disease/cardiac disease, reproductive tract infection, season of delivery, and district level average per capita income. Logistic regression were used to estimate odds ratios for potential risk factors. RESULTS: Of 6223 pregnancies, 1.8% was complicated by PE, and 5.4% by GH. Maternal age older than 35, body mass index above 24, and pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus increased the risk of both PE and GH, while with different effect sizes. Primiparity and deliver in winter and spring (compared with summer delivery) were risk factors for GH only. Pregnancy complicated with diabetes mellitus/renal disease/cardiac disease was risk factor for PE only. Significantly lower risk of GH was observed for women younger than 25 or with low body mass index in the first trimester. Mothers carrying a male fetus were more likely to develop PE. CONCLUSIONS: Risk factors for GH and PE were not exactly the same. Underling those differences might be their different etiology and mechanism. To confirm the similarities and differences been found in single study, it is important to conduct investigation in other population.
Successful use of oral diazoxide in the treatment of severe toxaemia of pregnancy.; Treatment with oral diazoxide for periods of 4 to 10 weeks in hospital allowed adequate control of hypertension with continuation of fetal growth in four patients with severe toxaemia. Two were insulin-dependent diabetics and one of these suffered from renal failure. In all patients albuminuria diminished markedly, while the fluid retention was controlled with frusemide. Three pregnancies were successfully terminated by lower segment caesarean section and in the remaining case vaginal delivery resulted in the birth of a healthy baby. Control of blood sugars presented no problems in the diabetic patients. Only minimal adjustments of insulin dosage were required. One of the non-diabetic patients developed mild hyperglycaemia which responded to tolbutamide. The babies, ranging in age from 5 to 12 months, have continued to thrive.
Hypertension in pregnancy: an emerging risk factor for cardiovascular disease.; Increasing evidence indicates that hypertension in pregnancy is an under-recognized risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Compared with women who have had normotensive pregnancies, those who are hypertensive during pregnancy are at greater risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events and have a less favorable overall risk profile for CVD years after the affected pregnancies. One factor that might underlie this relationship is that hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia, in particular) and CVD share several common risk factors (e.g. obesity, diabetes mellitus and renal disease). Alternatively, hypertension in pregnancy could induce long-term metabolic and vascular abnormalities that might increase the overall risk of CVD later in life. In both cases, evidence regarding risk-reduction interventions specific to women who have had hypertensive pregnancies is lacking. While awaiting results of large-scale studies, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be screened for during assessment of a woman's overall risk profile for CVD. Women at high risk must be monitored closely for conventional risk factors that are common to both CVD and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and treated according to current evidence-based national guidelines.
Metabolomics application in maternal-fetal medicine.; Metabolomics in maternal-fetal medicine is still an "embryonic" science. However, there is already an increasing interest in metabolome of normal and complicated pregnancies, and neonatal outcomes. Tissues used for metabolomics interrogations of pregnant women, fetuses and newborns are amniotic fluid, blood, plasma, cord blood, placenta, urine, and vaginal secretions. All published papers highlight the strong correlation between biomarkers found in these tissues and fetal malformations, preterm delivery, premature rupture of membranes, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, neonatal asphyxia, and hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. The aim of this review is to summarize and comment on original data available in relevant published works in order to emphasize the clinical potential of metabolomics in obstetrics in the immediate future.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Early Hemodynamic Changes in Fetus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence can increase up to 14%. GDM creates a risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus after pregnancy. Umbilical artery (UA) and fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) changes in GDM have been studied before. The previous studies have contradictory results. In the current study, we aim to detect and define the impairment of color Doppler ultrasound (CDUS) characteristics in UA and MCA for the pregnant with GDM. METHODS: US examinations were all performed at 18-22 weeks of gestation with a 3.5 MHz convex transducer. We recorded peak systolic velocity (PSV), end diastolic velocity, pulsatility index, resistive index, and systole/diastole ratio values of both UA and MCA at 18-22 weeks of gestation. GDM diagnosis was created according to the American Diabetes Association guidelines. RESULTS: Sixty GDM patients and 61 healthy controls were included into the study. Median MCA PSV value was lower in GDM group (28 cm/s vs. 32 cm/s, P = 0.37). Among UA CDUS parameters, we cannot find any significant difference. In GDM group, we could not detect any significant correlation between CDUS parameters and HbA1C values. CONCLUSION: GDM changes fetal brain hemodynamics and the change can be detected at 18-22 weeks of gestation. Decreased fetal MCA PSV values can serve as an early warning for GDM.
[Fetal macrosomy and hydramnios. Intrauterine symptoms of a combination of Sturge-Weber-Krabbe- and Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome].; The authors report on a case where the Klippel-Trenaunay symptom complex was combined with a Sturge-Weber-Krabbe syndrome, which, however, was only noticeable during pregnancy by fetal macrosomy and hydramnios. The child was delivered on term by Caesarean section and presented no paediatric problems; however, during the first few years of its life mental retardation became clearly evident.
The risk factors for postpartum depression: A population-based study.; BACKGROUND: Postpartum depression (PPD) can result in negative personal and child developmental outcomes. Only a few large population-based studies of PPD have used clinical diagnoses of depression and no study has examined how a maternal depression history interacts with known risk factors. The objective of this study was to examine the impact of a depression history on PPD and pre- and perinatal risk factors. METHODS: A nationwide prospective cohort study of all women with live singleton births in Sweden from 1997 through 2008 was conducted. Relative risk (RR) of clinical depression within the first year postpartum and two-sided 95% confidence intervals were estimated. RESULTS: The RR of PPD in women with a history of depression was estimated at 21.03 (confidence interval: 19.72-22.42), compared to those without. Among all women, PPD risk increased with advanced age (1.25 (1.13-1.37)) and gestational diabetes (1.70 (1.36-2.13)). Among women with a history of depression, pregestational diabetes (1.49 (1.01-2.21)) and mild preterm delivery also increased risk (1.20 (1.06-1.36)). Among women with no depression history, young age (2.14 (1.79-2.57)), undergoing instrument-assisted (1.23 (1.09-1.38)) or cesarean (1.64(1.07-2.50)) delivery, and moderate preterm delivery increased risk (1.36 (1.05-1.75)). Rates of PPD decreased considerably after the first postpartum month (RR = 0.27). CONCLUSION: In the largest population-based study to date, the risk of PPD was more than 20 times higher for women with a depression history, compared to women without. Gestational diabetes was independently associated with a modestly increased PPD risk. Maternal depression history also had a modifying effect on pre- and perinatal PPD risk factors.
[Relations of pre-pregnant weight and weight gain during pregnancy with pregnancy-induced hypertension and birth weight].; OBJECTIVE: To determine the influence of pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) and weight gain during pregnancy on the occurrence of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and birth weight. METHODS: Pre-pregnant BMI and pregnancy weight gain of 769 mothers giving full-term birth to a single baby for the first time were measured and the pregnancy outcomes were followed up. RESULTS: (1) The incidence of PIH and fetal macrosomia was significantly higher in the overweight group than in the normal weight and underweight groups (P<0.01 and P<0.05, respectively), but differed little between the latter two groups (P>0.05). Underweight mothers were more likely to give birth to babies with low birth weight than the normal and overweight mothers (P<0.01), but the likelihood was similar between the latter two groups (P>0.05). (2) Irrespective of the pre-pregnant BMI, PIH and fetal macrosomia occurred at higher rates with the mothers with pregnancy weight gain no less than 18 kg (P<0.01), whereas low birth weight was significantly more likely with mothers with pregnancy weight gain less than 9 kg (P<0.01). (3) A weight gain during pregnancy over 18 kg gave rise to higher risk of PIH in normal and underweight mothers, but in overweight group, PIH occurred at a significantly higher rates when a weight gain more than 9 kg was recorded (P<0.05). The incidence of fetal macrosomia was significantly higher when the maternal weight gain exceeded 18 kg in the normal weight group (P<0.01), and low birth weight occurred more frequently in relation to a maternal weight gain less than 9 kg in the normal and underweight groups (P<0.01). CONCLUSION: Pre-pregnant BMI and weight gain during pregnancy can be important factors influencing the occurrence of PIH and the neonates' birth weight.
Oligohydramnios and pulmonary hypoplasia: a case in which involvement of an angiotensin II receptor antagonist was suspected.; Administration of an angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) during the second trimester of pregnancy is known to cause irreversible renal damage in the fetus. We report a case in which ARB was given to the mother from the first trimester until 26 weeks' gestation. The patient had diabetic nephropathy with accompanying nephrotic syndrome. At 8 weeks' gestation, she was started on candesartan cilexetil (an ARB). At 26 weeks' gestation, she was transferred to our center. Severe oligohydramnios was noted. The pregnancy was terminated, and she delivered at 27 weeks' gestation. The neonate weighed 884 g and died 1 h after birth. Autopsy revealed that the lung/bodyweight ratio was 0.0096 (>0.015) and pulmonary hypoplasia was noted. Histological examination of the kidneys showed tubular dysgenesis with poor differentiation of the proximal tubules.
Atrial septal aneurysm in pregnancy: echocardiography and obstetric outcomes.; Background Atrial septal aneurysm (ASA) is an uncommon cardiac anomaly that increases maternal morbidity during pregnancy. ASA is related to atrial arrhythmia thromboembolism and it may accompany congenital anomalies such as an atrial septal defect (ASD) or patent foramen ovale (PFO). There are no studies examining pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with ASA. We aimed to investigate the cardiologic parameters and obstetric outcomes of pregnant women diagnosed with ASA. Methods This prospective cohort study analyzed 45 pregnant women diagnosed with ASA, who continued their follow-ups in an obstetric tertiary care center. Results A total of 45 pregnant women were recruited; seven pregnancies ended before the 20th gestational week (six spontaneous abortion, one fetal anomaly), 38 women gave birth. In total, there were 32 term births (≥37 weeks), six preterm births (<37 weeks), two extremely preterm births <28 weeks). Among 38 babies delivered, several obstetrical complications such as oligohydramnios, spontaneous preterm labor, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developed in 16 patients, while 22 women ended with term pregnancy without any complications. Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) developed in one patient. Conclusion ASA may have an increased risk for cardiac complications during pregnancy and may also be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes. Increased attention to these entities with more studies is needed in order to determine a potential risk for pregnant women.
Acromegaly and pregnancy: a retrospective multicenter study of 59 pregnancies in 46 women.; CONTEXT: Few data are available on pregnancy outcomes in women with acromegaly. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective multicenter study. PATIENTS: The study included 46 women with GH-secreting pituitary microadenomas (n = 7) or macroadenomas (n = 39). Their mean age was 31.7 yr (±4.5 yr). Incomplete transsphenoidal surgical resection (n = 39) and pituitary radiation (n = 14) had been performed, respectively, 2.9 ± 2.6 and 7.3 ± 4.2 yr before pregnancy. The patients were receiving dopamine agonists (n = 25) and/or somatostatin analogs (n = 14), and GH/IGF-I hypersecretion was controlled and uncontrolled in, respectively, 23 and 34 cases. Five pregnancies followed the fertility treatment. RESULTS: Fifty-nine pregnancies resulted in 64 healthy babies. Gestational diabetes and gravid hypertension occurred in four (6.8%) and eight (13.6%) pregnancies, respectively, and both were more frequent when GH/IGF-I hypersecretion was not controlled before pregnancy. Visual field defects were diagnosed during pregnancy in four women, three of whom were diagnosed with acromegaly during the pregnancy. Seven women had isolated headache. Magnetic resonance imaging performed 3.9 ± 0.3 months after delivery showed that the size of the adenoma had increased in three cases, decreased in two cases, and remained stable in 22 cases. Seventeen women breast-fed with no complications. Four women gave birth to a small-for-gestational-age infant; all had received somatostatin analogs, alone or in combination with dopamine agonists, during pregnancy. The mean IGF-I level fell significantly during the first trimester in 12 cases (before conception 588 ± 207 ng/ml, first trimester 319 ± 126 ng/ml, P = 0.002), whereas the GH concentration did not change significantly. CONCLUSION: The following conclusions were reached: 1) pregnancy in women with active or uncontrolled acromegaly may be associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes and gravid hypertension; 2) pregnancy is occasionally associated with symptomatic enlargement of GH-secreting pituitary macroadenomas; 3) changes in serum GH and IGF-I concentrations are variable during pregnancy, indicating that routine monitoring is not mandatory if the pregnancy is uneventful; and 4) GH-suppressive treatment can be safely withdrawn after conception in most acromegalic women.
Evaluation of the selected parameters of the fetal diastolic functions in normally grown or macrosomic fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with poor glycaemic control.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate whether the third trimester fetal cardiac diastolic function measured by selected conventional Doppler indices is affected in appropriate-for-gestational-age or macrosomic fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with poor glycaemic control. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 93 pregnant women divided into two groups. Group 1 included 45 appropriate-for-gestational-age or macrosomic fetuses from gestational diabetic mothers with poor glycaemic control (study group). Group 2 included 48 appropriate-for-gestational-age fetuses from gestational age-matched healthy mothers (control group). Functional fetal cardiac parameters and fetoplacental Doppler parameters were measured. Data were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: Maternal characteristics did not differ significantly between the study and the control group. There were no significant differences in the early and late velocity, early/late velocity ratio of both mitral and tricuspid valves, the fetal pulmonary vein pulsatility index, and the ductus venosus pulsatility index between the study and the control group. Moreover, the rate of abnormal Doppler findings in pulmonary vein (pulmonary vein pulsatility index >95th centile), ductus venosus (ductus venosus pulsatility index >95th centile), and peripheral vessels (umbilical artery pulsatility index >95th centile, middle cerebral artery pulsatility index <5th centile, cerebra-placental index >95th centile) were comparable in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: The third trimester fetal diastolic functions measured by selected conventional Doppler techniques do not seem to be altered in appropriate-for-gestational-age or macrosomic fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers who have poor glycaemic control.
The association between pulse wave velocity and pregnancy-associated diseases: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Maintaining healthy vascular structure and function is important for a healthy pregnancy. Obesity is a well-known predictor for poor postoperative outcomes of vascular surgery. However, the association between pulse wave velocity (PWV), a well-recognized parameter for arterial stiffness assessment, and pregnancy-associated diseases is still unclear. Therefore, we conducted this systematic review, and a meta-analysis was performed to assess the relevant associations. METHODS: We systematically searched the Web of Science and PubMed databases to obtain articles on PWV and pregnancy-associated diseases published before April 2023. The mean with standard deviation was used to assess the differences in PWV in pregnant women with or without relevant diseases. Subgroup analysis was conducted according to specific types of PWV. The Newcastle‒Ottawa Scale was used to evaluate the quality of the enrolled studies. RESULTS: A total of 6488 individuals from 21 studies were included. All enrolled studies were high-quality. Overall, the PWV was elevated in pregnant women who suffered from preeclampsia (mean difference (MD) = 0.67, 95 % confidence interval (CI): 0.51,0.83, P < 0.00001), hypertension (MD = 1.04, 95 % CI: 1.00,1.08, P < 0.00001), gestational diabetes mellitus (MD = 0.34, 95%CI: 0.19,0.48, P < 0.00001), and diabetes (MD = 0.49, 95%CI: 0.27,0.70, P < 0.00001). Subgroup analysis based on specific types of PWV showed similar results. CONCLUSION: In our study, PWV is elevated in pregnancy-associated diseases, including preeclampsia, hypertension, and diabetes. The PWV assessment should be regarded as a clinical routine for pregnant women to prevent and manage cardiovascular diseases during pregnancy.
The implications of exosomes in pregnancy: emerging as new diagnostic markers and therapeutics targets.; Extracellular vehicles (EVs) are a heterogeneous group of cell and membranous particles originating from different cell compartments. EVs participate in many essential physiological functions and mediate fetal-maternal communications. Exosomes are the smallest unit of EVs, which are delivered to the extracellular space. Exosomes can be released by the umbilical cord, placenta, amniotic fluid, and amniotic membranes and are involved in angiogenesis, endothelial cell migration, and embryo implantation. Also, various diseases such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction can be related to the content of placental exosomes during pregnancy. Due to exosomes' ability to transport signaling molecules and their effect on sperm function, they can also play a role in male and female infertility. In the new insight, exosomal miRNA can diagnose and treat infertilities disorders. In this review, we focused on the functions of exosomes during pregnancy. Video abstract.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Future Cardiovascular Health.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) occur in almost 10% of gestations. These women are known to have higher cardiovascular morbidity and mortality later in life in comparison with parous controls who had normotensive pregnancies. Several studies have demonstrated that women with preeclampsia present in a state of segmental impaired myocardial function, biventricular chamber dysfunction, adverse biventricular remodeling, and hypertrophy, a compromised hemodynamic state and indirect echocardiographic signs of localized myocardial ischemia and fibrosis. These cardiac functional and geometric changes are known to have strong predictive value for cardiovascular disease in non-pregnant subjects. A "dose effect" response seems to regulate this relationship with severe HDP, early-onset HDP, coexistence of fetal growth disorders, and recurrence of HDP resulting in poorer cardiovascular measures. The mechanism underlying the relationship between HDP in younger women and cardiovascular disease later in life is unclear but could be explained by sharing of pre-pregnancy cardiovascular risk factors or due to a direct impact of HDP on the maternal cardiovascular system conferring a state of increased susceptibility to future metabolic or hemodynamic insults. If so, the prevention of HDP itself would become all the more urgent. Shortly after delivery, women who experienced HDP express an increased risk of classic cardiovascular risk factors such as essential hypertension, renal disease, abnormal lipid profile, and diabetes with higher frequency than controls. Within one or two decades after delivery, this group of women are more likely to experience premature cardiovascular events, such as symptomatic heart failure, myocardial ischemia, and cerebral vascular disease. Although there is general agreement that women who suffered from HDP should undertake early screening for cardiovascular risk factors in order to allow for appropriate prevention, the exact timing and modality of screening has not been standardized yet. Our findings suggest that prevention should start as early as possible after delivery by making the women aware of their increased cardiovascular risk and encouraging weight control, stop smoking, healthy diet, and daily exercise which are well-established and cost-effective prevention strategies.
Third degree perineal tears in a university medical center where midline episiotomies are not performed.; OBJECTIVE: Midline episiotomy is a known major risk factor for severe perineal lacerations. The study was aimed to define obstetric risk factors for third-degree perineal tears in a university medical center where midline episiotomies are not performed. STUDY DESIGN: A comparison between vaginal deliveries complicated with third-degree perineal tears and deliveries without third-degree perineal tears was performed. Deliveries occurred between the years 1988-1999 in a tertiary medical center. Multiple gestations, preterm deliveries (<37 weeks' gestation), cesarean deliveries and cases of shoulder dystocia were excluded from the analysis. A multiple logistic regression model was constructed in order to find independent risk factors for third-degree perineal tears. Odds ratios (OR) and their 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated from the regression coefficient. RESULTS: During the study period, 79 (0.1%) consecutive cases of third degree perineal tears were identified. Significant risk factors from the univariate analysis were fetal macrosomia (OR 2.7, 95% CI 1.2-5.5), nulliparity (OR 2.9, 95% CI 1.8-4.6), labor induction (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.0-3.5), failure of labor to progress during the second stage (OR 10.8, 95% CI 5.4-21.1), non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (OR 11.7, 95% CI 6.1-21.5), mediolateral episiotomy (OR 2.8, 95% CI 1.8-4.5), vacuum extraction (OR 10.6, 95% CI 6.1-18.3), and forceps delivery (OR 29.2, 95% CI 7.3-97.2). However, using a multivariable analysis, only fetal macrosomia (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.2-4.9), vacuum extraction (OR 8.2, 95% CI 4.7-14.5), and forceps delivery (OR 26.7, 95% CI 8.0-88.5) remained as independent risk factors. The combined risk for instrumental deliveries of macrosomic newborns was 8.6 (95% CI 1.2-62.5; p=0.010). CONCLUSIONS: After adjustment for possible confounding variables, mediolateral episiotomy per se was not an independent risk factor for third-degree perineal tears. Instrumental vaginal deliveries of macrosomic fetuses should be avoided whenever possible to decrease the occurrence of third-degree perineal tears.
[Pregnancy in a patient with mitochondrial disease].; We report a case of a pregnant woman with a mitochondrial disorder affecting the energy-generating pathway of oxidative phosphorylation which was suggested when the patient presented the progressive clinical phenotype of a proximal tubular renal insufficiency, a muscular weakness of extremities, a bilateral optic neuropathy and a brain magnetic resonance imaging suggesting diffuse leucoencephalopathy. Her diagnosis was made on the basis of abnormal mitochondria on a muscle biopsy and of spectrophotometric deficiencies of the complexes I, II+III and IV of the respiratory chain. No specific molecular mutation could be detected. Her pregnancy was complicated by a severe preeclampsia, an insulin requiring gestational diabetes and a worrying renal failure which precipitated the premature delivery by cesarean section at 30 weeks gestation. The clinical course of the female neonate weighing 1030 grams was uneventful. At two Years of age she showed no sign of mitochondrial disease. But the postpartum course of the mother was complicated by seizures and a terminal renal failure leading presently to dialysis, but requiring a kidney transplantation in the near future.
[Features of retinal blood flow in pregnant women with carbohydrate metabolism disorders].; Studying the condition of retinal blood flow in pregnant women with disorders of carbohydrate metabolism contributes to early detection of diabetic retinopathy (DR), which is necessary for timely treatment and preservation of high visual functions. PURPOSE: To study retinal blood flow in pregnant women with disorders of carbohydrate metabolism using optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) in order to determine the criteria for manifestation and progression of DR. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study examined 203 pregnant women in the third trimester: 24 - with type 1 and 2 diabetes (T1D and T2D), 143 - with gestational diabetes (GD), and 36 apparently healthy women with physiological pregnancy that comprised the control group. OCTA imaging was performed on RTVue XR Avanti ("Optovue", USA) system using HD Angio Retina 6.0 mm(2) scan protocol. The whole image vessel density (wiVD), foveal vessel density (FVD), and foveal avascular zone (FAZ) area in the superficial capillary plexus were studied. RESULTS: FVD was significantly lower in pregnant women with diabetes than in pregnant women with GD and in the control group, prompting an assumption that retinal microvascular regulation changes because of chronic disturbances of carbohydrate metabolism in such patients and due to development of microangiopathy. Statistically significant increase in FAZ area and decrease in wiVD were revealed in patients with DR compared to data from the group of pregnant women with diabetes but without DR, in the absence of differences in FVD. In 2 patients with T1D and no ophthalmoscopic signs of DR, OCTA revealed areas of nonperfusion in the posterior pole of the eye. CONCLUSION: OCTA can help identify areas of retinal nonperfusion in the posterior pole of the eye in pregnant women with diabetes and no ophthalmoscopic signs of DR, and determine objective indications for timely retinal laser coagulation.
Retrospective study of association between choice of vasopressor given during spinal anaesthesia for high-risk caesarean delivery and fetal pH.; BACKGROUND: Phenylephrine given during spinal anaesthesia for low-risk caesarean section is associated with higher fetal pH than ephedrine. However, there is little evidence on the effects of ephedrine and phenylephrine in complicated pregnancies. The aim of this study was to compare umbilical artery pH with phenylephrine and ephedrine given during spinal anaesthesia where caesarean section was performed because of an increased risk of fetal compromise. METHODS: We reviewed the case notes of all women at our hospital from 2000-2003 who had undergone high-risk caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia, where umbilical artery and venous pH had been recorded at delivery. Umbilical artery pH was compared by choice of vasopressor and multiple regression analysis was used to investigate the effects of other possible confounding variables. RESULTS: One hundred and fifteen patients received no vasopressor, 122 ephedrine (group E) and 148 phenylephrine (group P). The median umbilical artery pH was 7.26 (IQR 7.21-7.30) for the no-vasopressor group, 7.27 (7.22-7.30) for group E and 7.28 (7.22-7.32) for group P (P=0.21). Using multiple regression analysis, the only variable associated with altered umbilical artery pH was a non-reassuring fetal heart trace. CONCLUSIONS: Umbilical artery pH was similar whether ephedrine or phenylephrine was used to maintain maternal arterial pressure, which contrasts with studies of low-risk caesarean section.
Morphologic pathology of fetomaternal interaction.; The thorough and interested pathologic examination of the placenta may explain events during pregnancy, give evidence of perinatal complications, document patterns of twinning, raise suspicions regarding fetal anomalies or explain the source of perinatal diseases, anomalies or growth retardation. The findings ascertained by such examinations may be particularly significant in the neonatal management of the sick infant and genetic counselling of a family delivered of an abnormal fetus. There are many instances where lesions are seen in the placenta without apparent explanation or where the clinical situation would suggest severe placental pathology but none is identified. These frustrating situations may yield in the future to closer clinical pathological correlation and more sophisticated analyses as long as these are undertaken in the context of the two individuals reacting through the placenta.
[Pregnancy and coronary artery dissection].; Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is associated with high maternal and fetal mortality. Coronary atherosclerosis is the most common cause due to an increase in the age of the patients and the association with cardiovascular risk factors such as smoking, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, and the existence of family history of coronary disease. However, thrombosis, coronary dissection or coronary vasospasms are other causes that may justify it. We report the case of a 33 weeks pregnant first-time mother, without cardiovascular risk factors, who presented an acute coronary event in the context of atherosclerotic disease and coronary dissection after percutaneous coronary intervention.
Sonographic estimate of birth weight among high-risk patients: feasibility and factors influencing accuracy.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to determine the feasibility of detecting abnormal fetal growth among patients undergoing biophysical profile (BPP) and to identify the factors those influence the accuracy. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospectively singletons with reliable gestational age (GA) having a BPP were identified. Fetal growth restriction (FGR) and large-for-gestational age (LGA) were based on estimated or actual birth weight 10% or less or 90% or greater for GA, respectively. Likelihood ratio (LR), odds ratio (OR) and 95% CIs were calculated and multivariate predictive models used. RESULTS: Among the 1934 consecutive patients that met the inclusion criteria, the LR of detecting FGR was 10.9 and of LGA, 17.4. Multivariate analysis indicates that accurate classification of fetal growth is significantly better with hydramnios (OR 1.78, 95% CI 2.68), if the GA is less than 32 weeks (OR 3.71, 95% CI 1.50-9.16) or GA is between 32.1 and 36.9 weeks (OR 1.43, 95% CI 1.05-1.96). CONCLUSION: It is feasible to accurately identify abnormal growth among high-risk patients and to delineate factors that influence the correct classification of fetal growth.
Prevalence of a History of Metabolic or Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorder in Patients With Myocardial Infarction and Non-obstructive Coronary Arteries: An Observational Cohort Study.; INTRODUCTION: Myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) predominantly affects younger females. Women with a history of gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are subjected to an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease. However, data on the potential association between these obstetric complications and MINOCA is lacking. Therefore, the current study aimed to provide insight in the prevalence of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders (MHPD) in MINOCA patients and their clinical characteristics. METHODS: In this observational cohort study conducted at the Zuyderland Medical Center and Maastricht University Medical Center in the Netherlands, patients were enrolled if they were identified as having MINOCA. Data on individual patient characteristics, laboratory results, electrocardiography as well as (non-)invasive imaging procedures were derived from the electronic health record system. Patients were asked to complete a questionnaire about prior MHPD including GDM, GH, and PE. Patients were grouped into those with MHPD and those with prior uncomplicated normotensive pregnancy (or pregnancies; NP). RESULTS: After excluding patients without 1-year follow-up (n = 53), 86 female MINOCA patients remained eligible for analysis. Of the total female population, 25 (29.1%) patients had MHPD, including GH (n = 19; 22.1%), PE (n = 4; 4.7%), and GDM (n = 7; 8.1%). The MHPD patients showed higher rates of chronic hypertension (84.0 vs. 55.7%; p = 0.013), hypercholesterolemia (64.0 vs. 34.4%; p = 0.012), a family history of CVD (84.0 vs. 45.9%; p = 0.001), gout or rheumatic arthritis (16.0 vs. 1.6%; p = 0.024), and were more often non-smokers (45.8 vs. 78.3%; p = 0.004), compared to the NP patients. Moreover, MHPD patients were more likely to use cardiovascular medications at baseline. A trend toward no specific cause found for the MINOCA event was observed in MHPD patients compared to the NP group (64.0 vs. 42.6%, p = 0.072). CONCLUSION: A history of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders occurred in one-third of female MINOCA patients. In these patients, conventional cardiovascular risk factors were more prevalent compared to NP patients. In most MHPD patients, the specific cause for MINOCA remained unclear.
Advanced maternal age. Part I: obstetric complications.; More women are postponing pregnancy into the fourth and fifth decades of life for a variety of reasons. Advanced maternal age, traditionally defined as age more than 35 years, has been associated with increased obstetric morbidity and interventions. In addition, perinatal complications are reported to be higher in this patient population, although recent data point to a more favorable outcome. This article reviews the available literature with special emphasis on antepartum, intrapartum, and postpartum complications and perinatal outcome.
Medical and obstetric complications among pregnant women aged 45 and older.; OBJECTIVE: The number of women aged 45 and older who become pregnant is increasing. The objective of this study was to estimate the risk of medical and obstetric complications among women aged 45 and older. METHODS: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample was used to identify pregnant woman during admission for delivery. Deliveries were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9-CM) codes. Using ICD-9-CM codes, pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications were identified in women at the time of delivery and were compared for women aged 45 years and older to women under age 35. Outcomes among women aged 35-44 were also compared to women under age 35 to determine if women in this group demonstrated intermediate risk between the older and younger groups. Logistic regression analyses were used to calculate odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals for pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications for both older groups relative to women under 35. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were also developed for outcomes at delivery among older women, while controlling for pre-existing medical conditions, multiple gestation, and insurance status, to determine the effect of age on the studied outcomes. RESULTS: Women aged 45 and older had higher adjusted odds for death, transfusion, myocardial infarction/ischemia, cardiac arrest, acute heart failure, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, acute renal failure, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, fetal demise, fetal chromosomal anomaly, and placenta previa compared to women under 35. CONCLUSION: Pregnant women aged 45 and older experience significantly more medical and obstetric complications and are more likely to die at the time of a delivery than women under age 35, though the absolute risks are low and these events are rare. Further research is needed to determine what associated factors among pregnant women aged 45 and older may contribute to these findings.
Prenatal smoking exposure and cardio-metabolic risk factors in adulthood: a general population study and a meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: Prenatal smoking exposure is associated with obesity and other cardio-metabolic risk factors in children, but no previous meta-analysis has been conducted in adults. METHODS: We investigated the association of prenatal smoking exposure in the Danish General Suburban Population Study (GESUS) with BMI, waist circumference, total cholesterol, type 2 diabetes, gestational type 2 diabetes, and hypertension in adulthood. We subsequently performed a meta-analysis, adding published studies investigating the association between prenatal smoking and the risk of cardio-metabolic outcomes among individuals at least 18 years of age. RESULTS: We included 19 eligible observational studies with various cardio-metabolic outcomes (N = 24,201-308,981 adults). In individuals exposed to prenatal smoking, the pooled random effects adjusted odds ratio were 1.35 (95% CI: 1.16-1.56) for being overweight, 1.46 (1.39-1.54) for being obese, 1.07 (0.89-1.29) for type 2 diabetes, 1.17 (0.92-1.48) for hypertension, and 1.38 (1.19-1.61) for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared with no exposure. The standardized means in waist circumference, total cholesterol, diastolic, and systolic blood pressure were not different in individuals exposed vs. not exposed to prenatal smoking. Heterogeneity was moderate to high (51% < I(2) < 99%). However, removal of the high heterogeneity removed the associated uncertainty in the point estimate and revealed that prenatal smoking is associated with increased BMI in adulthood. There was also no evidence of publication bias in the meta-analyses. CONCLUSIONS: The findings from the meta-analyses suggested that prenatal smoking exposure is associated with an increased odds ratio of overweight, obesity, and GDM in adulthood, but not with type 2 diabetes, hypertension, waist circumference, or total cholesterol. These findings highlight the importance of abstaining from smoking by pregnant women.
Sex Differences in Cardiovascular Pathophysiology: Why Women Are Overrepresented in Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction.; Consistent epidemiological data demonstrate that patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) are more likely to be women than men. Exploring mechanisms behind this sex difference in heart failure epidemiology may enrich the understanding of underlying HFpEF pathophysiology and phenotypes, with the ultimate goal of identifying therapeutic approaches for the broader HFpEF population. In this review we evaluate the influence of sex on the key domains of cardiac structure and function, the systemic and pulmonary circulation, as well as extracardiac factors and comorbidities that may explain the predisposition of women to HFpEF. We highlight the potential role of factors exclusive to or more prevalent in women such as pregnancy, preeclampsia, and iron deficiency. Finally, we discuss existing controversies and gaps in knowledge, as well as the clinical importance of known sex differences in the context of the potential need for sex-specific diagnostic criteria, improved risk stratification models, and targeted therapies.
Analysis of retinal neurodegeneration in gestational and type 2 diabetes using swept-source optical coherence tomography.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the retina and choroid thickness in age-matched pregnant individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus, nonpregnant diabetic females, and healthy nonpregnant females. METHOD: This cross-sectional study included 2 study groups, 1 composed of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 1 consisting of nonpregnant type 2 diabetic patients without diabetic retinopathy, and a control group of healthy nonpregnant subjects. Swept-source optical coherence tomography was used to measure the retinal and choroidal thickness. The measurements were compared between the study groups and between the study groups and the control group. RESULTS: All groups had similar mean ages, best-corrected visual acuity, and intraocular pressure (p = 0.122, p = 0.158, and p = 0.186, respectively). The mean central macular thickness of the gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, and control groups was 215.3 ± 10.83, 220.58 ± 21.62, and 230.03 ± 21.24 μm, respectively (p = 0.002). The retinal nerve fibre layer was slightly thinner only in the inferior zone of the study groups (p = 0.058) compared with the control group. We observed statistically significant differences in the thickness of all sectors of the ganglion cell layer between all groups (all p < 0.05), with the nonpregnant type 2 diabetic group exhibiting the lowest values. A similar mean subfoveal choroidal thickness was observed in all 3 groups (p = 0.247). CONCLUSION: Swept-source optical coherence tomography plays an important role in detecting retinal neurodegenerative changes and choroidal thickness induced by gestational and type 2 diabetes before the development of diabetic retinopathy.
A case of infantile de novo primary antiphospholipid syndrome revealed by a neonatal arterial ischemic stroke.; The few cases of antiphospholipid syndrome that have been reported in neonates are believed to have resulted from a transplacental transfer of antiphospholipid antibodies. Here we report on a boy with a neonatal stroke revealing a de novo primary antiphospholipid, the mother being free of antiphospholipid antibodies. Other thrombosis risk factors included primiparity, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, polyglobulia, and lipoprotein(a) >30 mg/dL. Anti-cardiolipin and anti-β(2)-glycoprotein I persisted more than 2 years. Under aspirin therapy, the child did not exhibit recurrence of thrombotic events or symptoms of autoimmunity after a follow-up of 3 years. Our case indicates that clinicians should consider a second retesting for anticardiolipin antibodies and anti-β(2)-glycoprotein I antibodies, even when children and mother neonatal tests are negative.
A Comprehensive Review of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Impacts on Maternal Health, Fetal Development, Childhood Outcomes, and Long-Term Treatment Strategies.; This review article conducts a comprehensive analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its ramifications for both maternal health and the well-being of their offspring. GDM is a significant pregnancy complication in which women who have never had diabetes acquire chronic hyperglycemia during their gestational period. In most cases, hyperglycemia is caused by impaired glucose tolerance caused by pancreatic beta cell dysfunction in the background of chronic insulin resistance. Being overweight or obese, having an older mother age, and having a family history of any type of diabetes are all risk factors for developing GDM. GDM consequences include a higher risk of maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes, as well as macrosomia and delivery difficulties in the newborn. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the infant. Premature birth, hypoglycemia at birth, and shoulder dystocia are also a few of the fetal problems that can result from GDM. Unfortunately, there is no widely acknowledged treatment or preventative strategy for GDM at the moment, except lifestyle modification (diet and exercise) and, on occasion, insulin therapy, which is only of limited value due to the insulin resistance that is commonly present. Although new oral medications for diabetes management, such as glyburide and metformin, show potential, there are ongoing worries regarding their safety over an extended period for both the mother and the child. By identifying gaps in the research, it calls for further investigations and a multidisciplinary approach, ultimately aiming to enhance the management and care for women with GDM, which would impact these affected individuals indubitably.
Gestational diabetes mellitus may predispose to metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease.; The development of type 2 diabetes mellitus is a major contributing factor to the worldwide health burden of metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). Insulin resistance, subclinical inflammation, dyslipidemia, obesity, and hypertension are all factors in this reciprocal interaction that contribute to the development of MASLD, which includes hepatocellular carcinoma, advanced fibrosis/cirrhosis, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). A new risk factor for MASLD/NASH that affects the course of the disease independently throughout life is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with a history of GDM had a higher chance of developing NASH, according to a recent study that used a large-scale database. Although the precise etiology is yet unknown, temporary disruption of pancreatic beta cell activity during pregnancy may set off systemic inflammation, affecting distant organs including the liver. Early screening and management strategies are crucial in mitigating MASLD progression and preventing adverse cardiovascular events in affected individuals.
Serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein in pregnancy complications and correlation with markers of placental dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension), diabetes mellitus, and placental dysfunction confer an increased risk of long-term maternal cardiovascular disease. Preeclampsia is also associated with acute atherosis that involves lesions of uteroplacental spiral arteries, resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. Serum amyloid A1 is involved in hypercoagulability and atherosclerosis and may aggregate into amyloid-aggregations of misfolded proteins. Pregnancy zone protein may inhibit amyloid aggregation. Amyloid is involved in Alzheimer's disease and cardiovascular disease; it has been identified in preeclampsia, but its role in preeclampsia pathophysiology is unclear. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that serum amyloid A1 would be increased and pregnancy zone protein decreased in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and diabetic pregnancies and that serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein would correlate with placental dysfunction markers (fetal growth restriction and dysregulated angiogenic biomarkers) and acute atherosis. STUDY DESIGN: Serum amyloid A1 is measurable in both the serum and plasma. In our study, plasma from 549 pregnancies (normotensive, euglycemic controls: 258; early-onset preeclampsia: 71; late-onset preeclampsia: 98; gestational hypertension: 30; chronic hypertension: 9; diabetes mellitus: 83) was assayed for serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein. The serum levels of angiogenic biomarkers soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor were available for 547 pregnancies, and the results of acute atherosis evaluation were available for 313 pregnancies. The clinical characteristics and circulating biomarkers were compared between the pregnancy groups using the Mann-Whitney U, chi-squared, or Fisher exact test as appropriate. Spearman's rho was calculated for assessing correlations. RESULTS: In early-onset preeclampsia, serum amyloid A1 was increased compared with controls (17.1 vs 5.1 µg/mL, P<.001), whereas pregnancy zone protein was decreased (590 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.002). Pregnancy zone protein was also decreased in diabetes compared with controls (683 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.01). Serum amyloid A1 was associated with placental dysfunction (fetal growth restriction, elevated soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio). Pregnancy zone protein correlated negatively with soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio in all study groups. Acute atherosis was not associated with serum amyloid A1 or pregnancy zone protein. CONCLUSION: Proteins involved in atherosclerosis, hypercoagulability, and protein misfolding are dysregulated in early-onset preeclampsia and placental dysfunction, which links them and potentially contributes to future maternal cardiovascular disease.
Correlations between antepartum maternal metabolism and newborn behavior.; We suggested that antepartum maternal metabolism may affect later cognitive and behavioral function of progeny by impacting on developing brain cells in utero. This study reports on the observed relationships between serial characterizations of maternal fuels during pregnancy and Brazelton neonatal behavioral assessment scale ratings of offspring from 73 well-controlled pregestational diabetic patients, 112 gestational diabetic patients, and 24 nondiabetic patients. After controlling for the effects of premature birth on the Brazelton neonatal behavioral assessment scale, significant correlations were found between second- and third-trimester glycemic regulation (hemoglobin A1c and fasting plasma glucose levels) and three of four newborn behavioral dimensions of the Brazelton neonatal behavioral assessment scale. In each case, as maternal glucose increased, the newborns' Brazelton neonatal behavioral assessment scale responses were poor. Results were not substantially different when gestational and pregestational diabetic patients were analyzed separately, nor can they be attributed to various perinatal events (neonatal asphyxia, hypoglycemia) or differences in socioeconomic status or ethnicity. The presence of fuel-related neurobehavioral deficits in neonates of diabetic mothers suggests that such infants start their interactions with care givers from a modified base.
Rule-based expert system for the diagnosis of maternal complications during pregnancy: For low resource settings.; OBJECTIVES: Maternal complications are health challenges linked to pregnancy, encompassing conditions like gestational diabetes, maternal sepsis, sexually transmitted diseases, obesity, anemia, urinary tract infections, hypertension, and heart disease. The diagnosis of common pregnancy complications is challenging due to the similarity in signs and symptoms with general pregnancy indicators, especially in settings with scarce resources where access to healthcare professionals, diagnostic tools, and patient record management is limited. This paper presents a rule-based expert system tailored for diagnosing three prevalent maternal complications: preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and maternal sepsis. METHODS: The risk factors associated with each disease were identified from various sources, including local health facilities and literature reviews. Attributes and rules were then formulated for diagnosing the disease, with a Mamdani-style fuzzy inference system serving as the inference engine. To enhance usability and accessibility, a web-based user interface has been also developed for the expert system. This interface allows users to interact with the system seamlessly, making it easy for them to input relevant information and obtain accurate disease diagnose. RESULTS: The proposed expert system demonstrated a 94% accuracy rate in identifying the three maternal complications (preeclampsia, GDM, and maternal sepsis) using a set of risk factors. The system was deployed to a custom-designed web-based user interface to improve ease of use. CONCLUSIONS: With the potential to support health services provided during antenatal care visits and improve pregnant women's health outcomes, this system can be a significant advancement in low-resource setting maternal healthcare.
First-trimester placental function in levothyroxine-using pregnant women: a case-control study.; We aimed to compare the pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) and the uterine artery pulsatility index (UtA PI) levels of euthyroid pregnant women using levothyroxine vs. a control group of uncomplicated pregnancies and to evaluate the effects of different levothyroxine dosages on pregnancy outcomes. We retrospectively evaluated 206 levothyroxine-using pregnant women by looking at their basic placental function markers and obstetric outcomes. A sample of 449 women whose pregnancies concluded with uncomplicated term deliveries composed of our control group. To examine the relationship between the levothyroxine dosages and the frequency of pregnancy complications, levothyroxine users were divided into different groups according to the 75, 100, and 150 mcg cutoffs. The median PAPP-A MoM levels of levothyroxine users were significantly lower at 0.94 vs. 1.11 (p < .001) and the median mean UtA PI was significantly higher than the control group at 2.08 vs. 1.74 (p < .0001). The median birth weight was significantly lower for the levothyroxine users' group at 3292 g vs. 3427 g (p < .0001). Using 75, 100, and 150 mcg dose cutoffs, PAPP-A MoM, mean UtA PI and obstetric complication frequencies were not significantly different among levothyroxine users. Significant changes in placental function markers have been observed in euthyroid levothyroxine-using pregnant women during the first trimester. However, the frequency of obstetric complications does not appear to be dose dependent.
ATP5me alleviates high glucose-induced myocardial cell injury.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse myocardial remodeling and impaired cardiac function of fetus. Nevertheless, specific molecular mechanisms underlying type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury remain unknown. Therefore, this study proposes to identify possible molecular mechanisms using RNA-seq. METHODS: A rat type 1 GDM model was developed using streptozotocin (STZ) (25 and 50 mg/kg), and weight and glucose tolerance of maternal and offspring were evaluated. Changes in markers of myocardial injury and oxidative stress identified by ELISA and biochemical kits in offspring hearts. Identification of differentially expressed mRNAs (DE-mRNAs) associated with myocardial injury in type 1 GDM offspring using RNA-seq. Proliferation, apoptosis, and oxidative stress were assessed in high glucose-induced H9C2 cells after exogenously modulating ATP Synthase Membrane Subunit E (ATP5me). RESULTS: Maternal weight, glucose and glucose tolerance, and fetal weight and heart weight were reduced in the type 1 GDM model, especially in 50 mg/kg STZ-induced. Increased of creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB), cardiac troponin T (cTnT), hypersensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) and decreased of superoxide dismutase (SOD) were observed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts. type 1 GDM offspring hearts exhibited disorganized cardiomyocytes with enlarged gaps, broken myocardial fibers, erythrocyte accumulation and inflammatory infiltration. RNA-seq identified 462 DE-mRNAs in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, which mainly regulate immunity, redox reactions, and cellular communication. Atp5me was under-expressed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, and high glucose decreased Atp5me expression in H9C2 cells. Overexpressing Atp5me alleviated high glucose-induced decrease in proliferation, mitochondrial membrane potential, BCL2 and SOD, and increase in apoptosis, MDA, ROS, c-Caspase-3, and BAX in H9C2 cells. CONCLUSION: This study first demonstrated that ATP5me attenuated type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury. This provides a possible molecular mechanism for the treatment of type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury.
Implication of SH2B1 gene polymorphism studies in gestational diabetes mellitus in Saudi pregnant women.; Genome-wide association studies have identified loci that are firmly associated with obesity. The Src-homology-2 B adaptor protein 1 (SH2B1) loci is abundantly expressed in the brain, liver, heart, muscle, and fat tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing health concern that usually appears during the latter half of pregnancy, and it is characterized by carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity. The SH2B1 gene polymorphism has been linked with an increased risk of weight gain in several but not all population studies. This study aimed to investigate the genetic association of rs4788102 variants in the SH2B1 gene with GDM in Saudi pregnant women. Genomic DNA samples from 200 women with GDM and 300 women without GDM were genotyped using the TaqMan method. The distribution of the GG, GA, and AA genotypes was significantly different between GDM and non-GDM women (p < 0.05). Thus, we identified rs4788102 variants as additional risk factors for GDM in Saudi women, and we suggest that these variants may have a prognostic value.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and cancer, immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases: A population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease in pregnancy. It is associated with hepatobiliary diseases that might predispose to cancer and also with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In this study, we examined associations between ICP and cancer, and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: By linking the Swedish Medical Birth Register and the Swedish Patient Register, we identified 11,388 women with ICP and 113,893 matched women without ICP who gave birth between 1973 and 2009. Diagnoses of cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases both before and after delivery were obtained from the Patient Register. The main outcome measures were hazard ratios (HRs), calculated through Cox regression, for the indicated diseases after delivery. RESULTS: ICP was not associated with later overall cancer (HR 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94-1.21), but it was associated with later liver and biliary tree cancer (HR 3.61, 95% CI 1.68-7.77, and 2.62, 95% CI 1.26-5.46, respectively). ICP was also associated with later immune-mediated diseases (HR 1.28, 95% CI 1.19-1.38), and specifically diabetes mellitus (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.72), thyroid disease (HR 1.30, 95% CI 1.14-1.47), psoriasis (HR 1.27, 95% CI 1.07-1.51), inflammatory polyarthropathies (HR 1.32, 95% CI 1.11-1.58) and Crohn's disease (HR 1.55, 95% CI 1.14-2.10), but not ulcerative colitis (HR 1.21, 95% CI 0.93-1.58). Women with ICP also had a small increased risk of later cardiovascular disease (HR 1.12, 95% CI 1.06-1.19). CONCLUSIONS: Women with ICP have increased risk of later hepatobiliary cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases.
Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is the name given to a heterogeneous group of disorders that have in common abnormal glucose tolerance. The classification given here (Table 136.1) is based on etiologic differences between these disorders rather than the formerly used phenomenologic classification. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or type I diabetes, formerly called juvenile-onset diabetes, is characterized by absolute dependency on exogenous insulin. About 10% of all people with diabetes have this type. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or type II diabetes, formerly referred to as adult-onset, maturity-onset, is characterized by gradual onset and hyperglycemia but no tendency to ketoacidosis except under extraordinary stress. People with NIDDM may take insulin to control hyperglycemia, but it is not absolutely required. About 60 to 70% of people with NIDDM are obese, and this type is sometimes subdivided into obese and nonobese categories. Eighty-five to 90% of all people with diabetes have this type. Maturity-onset diabetes in the young (MODY) differs from NIDDM in that is has a clearly defined autosomal dominant inheritance pattern. The hyperglycemia in this type is generally quite mild. MODY is also characterized by a decreased frequency of the long-term complications of diabetes. Diabetes due to abnormalities in the amino acid sequence of insulin or abnormalities in cleavage from proinsulin causing decreased insulin action have been referred to as insulinopathies, in a manner analogous to the hemoglobinopathies. The prevalence of these abnormalities has not been established. At least three types of diabetes have been found in association with the dermatologic disorder acanthosis nigricans. These three types are associated with severe resistance to the action of insulin due to an abnormal insulin receptor (type A), antibodies to the insulin receptor (type B) or post-receptor abnormalities (type C). A number of congenital syndromes are associated with abnormal glucose tolerance, but the mechanisms responsible for the disordered carbohydrate metabolism are mostly unknown. Diabetes may be secondary, as a result of direct ablation of the beta cells in association with pancreatitis, pancreatectomy, or hemochromatosis. A separate category has been designated as gestational diabetes and refers to women whose diabetes first becomes manifest during pregnancy. Although the diabetes normally resolves upon delivery, over the following years over 50% of such women subsequently relapse into overt NIDDM. The criteria for the varying degrees of impairment in glucose tolerance are given in Table 136.2. These criteria are used for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus but not for the type of diabetes. Three types of acute complications generally occur: severe hyperglycemia associated with a hyperosmolar, non-ketotic state; severe hperglycemia associated with ketoacidosis; and hypoglycemia. The chronic complications are generally classified into vascular and nonvascular. Macrovascular complications are caused by large vessel disease and the complications relate to the vascular system involved (e.g., cerebrovascular, coronary artery, and peripheral vascular disease). Microvascular complications are caused by small vessel disease and include retinopathy, renal glomerular disease (Kimmelstiel-Wilson disease), some of the neuropathies (mononeuropathies), and possibly cardiac and other small vessels. Non-vascular complications include cataracts and polyneuropathy, both peripheral and autonomic.
A review of maternal overweight and obesity and its impact on cardiometabolic outcomes during pregnancy and postpartum.; The rates of maternal overweight and obesity, but also excess gestational weight gain, are increasing. Pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and delivery of a preterm or growth restricted baby, are higher for both women with overweight and obesity and women who gain excess weight during their pregnancy. Other conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome are also strongly linked to overweight and obesity and worsened pregnancy complications. All of these conditions place women at increased risk for future cardiometabolic diseases. If overweight and obesity, but also excess gestational weight gain, can be reduced in women of reproductive age, then multiple comorbidities associated with pregnancy complications may also be reduced in the years after childbirth. This narrative review highlights the association between maternal overweight and obesity and gestational weight gain, with gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome and delivery of a preterm or growth restricted baby. This review also addresses how these adverse conditions are linked to cardiometabolic diseases after birth. We report that while the independent associations between obesity and gestational weight gain are evident across many of the adverse conditions assessed, whether body mass index or gestational weight gain is a stronger driving factor for many of these is currently unclear. Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, preterm delivery and polycystic ovary syndrome to heightened risk for cardiometabolic diseases are multifactorial but relate to cardiovascular and inflammatory pathways that are also found in overweight and obesity. The need for post-partum cardiovascular risk assessment and follow-up care remains overlooked. Such early detection and intervention for women with pregnancy-related complications will significantly attenuate risk for cardiovascular disease.
Pregnancy increases stroke risk up to 1 year postpartum and reduces long-term risk.; BACKGROUND: : The incidence of stroke in pregnant women is low but trending upward. There are few studies of the topic in women of Asian ethnicity. AIM: We aim to evaluate stroke risk in Asian women during and after pregnancy. DESIGN: : Using the Taiwan National Health Insurance database, we designed a retrospective study that included 18-45-year-old pregnant women between the years 2000 and 2010. We selected a 1:1 age-matched control group of non-pregnant women. The endpoint was any type of stroke during pregnancy or the postpartum period; otherwise, the patients were tracked until 31 December 2010. METHODS: : The risk factors for stroke were found using Cox proportional regression to calculate the hazard ratio (HR) with a 95% CI compared with the control group. RESULTS: : The incidence of stroke within 1 year postpartum was 71/100,000. The risk of postpartum stroke within 1 year was an HR of 1.208 (95% CI: 1.001-5.129). The occurrence of stroke was associated with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, coagulation disorders, migraine, obesity, cerebrovascular malformation and parity. Women with third and fourth parity carried increased risks of 13.3% and 2.5%, respectively, compared with first parity women. In long-term follow-ups, stroke risk was significantly lower, with an adjusted HR of 0.362 (95% CI: 0.269-0.489). CONCLUSION: The risk of stroke was elevated during the first year postpartum, but lower in subsequent years. Stroke risk increased in multiparous (≥3) women. Physicians should be on alert for pregnancy complications and ensure appropriate management to prevent postpartum stroke.
[Neonatal hypoglycemia caused by hyperinsulinism and subsequent epilepsy].; A historical cohort study was undertaken to determine the risk of epilepsy in a population of 18 newborns with neonatal hypoglycemia due to insulin excess. Follow-up was 3 years 8 months (range 7 years-1 year 3 months). Insulin excess was associated with maternal diabetes in 13 infants, with an isolated macrosomia in 2 infants, in one case with probable Langerhans hyperplasia, and in 2 newborns only prolonged beta-sympathomimetic therapy was the possible cause of insulin excess. Newborns with anoxia, brain malformation or small for date were excluded. Two newborns had hypoglycemia with epileptic clonic seizures, but only one was later epileptic. In this case, hypoglycemia was severe and persistent (16 hours). Hyperinsulinism was related to Langerhans hyperplasia. CT scan made at ages one and 6 months showed large hypodensity of the frontal and occipital white matter. Visual evoked responses were also abnormal. Visual evoked responses and CT scan normalized at 1 year. In other children, asymptomatic hypoglycemia (n = 11) or symptomatic hypoglycemia without epileptic seizures (n = 5) did not increase the epileptic risk as none of them had epileptic seizure later on. Thus, seizures associated with neonatal hypoglycemia alone seem to increase the epileptic risk with duration and severity of hypoglycemia being also essential prognostic factors.
Risk of retinopathy in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension: a nationwide population-based cohort study of 9-year follow-up after delivery.; BACKGROUND: The retina is potentially associated with several physiological, hormonal, and metabolic changes during pregnancy. The few available epidemiologic studies of ocular changes in pregnancy have mainly concerned retinopathies. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, which leads to ocular manifestations including blurred vision, photopsia, scotoma, and diplopia, might induce reactive changes in the retinal vessels. Although several studies have suggested the existence of pregnancy-induced hypertension-related retinal ocular disease, there are few large cohort studies on this topic. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the risk of major retinal diseases including central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, retinal artery occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy in the long-term postpartum stage according to the presence of previous pregnancy-induced hypertension in a large cohort based on the Korean National Health Insurance Database. STUDY DESIGN: On the basis of Korean health data, 909,520 patients who delivered from 2012 to 2013 were analyzed. Among them, patients who had previous ocular diseases or hypertension and multiple births were excluded. Finally, 858,057 mothers were assessed for central serous chorioretinopathy (ICD-10: H35.70), diabetic retinopathy (ICD-10: H36.0, E10.31, E10.32, E11.31, E11.32, E12.31, E13.31, E13.32, E14.31, E14.32), retinal vein occlusion (ICD-10: H34.8), retinal artery occlusion (ICD-10: H34.2), and hypertensive retinopathy (ICD-10: H35.02) for 9 years after delivery. Enrolled patients were divided into 2 groups: 10,808 patients with and 847,249 without pregnancy-induced hypertension. The primary outcomes were the incidence of central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, retinal artery occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy 9 years after delivery. Clinical variables were age, parity, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, and postpartum hemorrhage. In addition, pregestational diabetes mellitus, kidney diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, and cardiovascular diseases were adjusted. RESULTS: Postpartum retinal disease during the 9 years after delivery and total retinal diseases showed higher rates in patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension. In detail, the rates of central serous chorioretinopathy (0.3% vs 0.1%), diabetic retinopathy (1.79% vs 0.5%), retinal vein occlusion (0.19% vs 0.1%), and hypertensive retinopathy (0.62% vs 0.05%) were higher than those found in patients without pregnancy-induced hypertension. After adjusting for confounding factors, pregnancy-induced hypertension was associated with development of postpartum retinopathy, with a >2-fold increase (hazard ratio, 2.845; 95% confidence interval, 2.54-3.188). Furthermore, pregnancy-induced hypertension affected the development of central serous chorioretinopathy (hazard ratio, 3.681; 95% confidence interval, 2.667-5.082), diabetic retinopathy (hazard ratio, 2.326; 95% confidence interval, 2.013-2.688), retinal vein occlusion (hazard ratio, 2.241; 95% confidence interval, 1.491-3.368), and hypertensive retinopathy (hazard ratio, 11.392; 95% confidence interval, 8.771-14.796) after delivery. CONCLUSION: A history of pregnancy-induced hypertension increases the risk of central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy according to 9-year long-term ophthalmologic follow-up.
Arterial thrombosis of the arm in infant of diabetic mother.; A case of multiple arterial thromboses of the arm in the infant of a diabetic mother is reported. A hemocoagulative pattern of intravascular disseminated coagulation was present. Conservative thrombolytic treatment with Urokinase and Calciparin proved successful.
Post-transcriptional down regulation of ICAM-1 in feto-placental endothelium in GDM.; Maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinemia in the fetal circulation which consequently may induce endothelial dysfunction in the feto-placental vasculature. In fact, feto-placental vasculature reveals various morphological changes in response to GDM. The cell adhesion molecules (CAMs) ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and E-selectin promote attachment and trans-endothelial migration of leukocytes, and are up regulated in inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. Thus, we hypothesized that the GDM environment upregulates ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and E-selectin in the feto-placental endothelium. We isolated primary feto-placental endothelial cells (fpEC) after normal (n=18) and GDM pregnancy (n=11) and analyzed mRNA (RT-qPCR) and protein expression (Immunoblot) of ICAM-1, VCAM-1 and E-selectin. While other CAMs were unchanged on mRNA and protein levels, ICAM-1 protein was decreased by GDM. Further analysis revealed also a decrease in the release of soluble ICAM-1 (sICAM-1), whose levels correlated negatively with maternal BMI. We conclude that this reduction of ICAM-1 protein species is the result of post-translational regulation, since ICAM-1 mRNA expression was unchanged. In fact, miRNAs targeting ICAM-1 were upregulated in GDM fpEC. Immunohistochemistry showed weaker ICAM-1 staining in the placental endothelium after GDM pregnancies, and demonstrated ICAM-1 binding partners CD11a and CD18 expressed on leukocytes in fetal circulation and on placental tissue macrophages. This study identified reduction of ICAM-1 protein in fpEC in GDM pregnancy, which was regulated post-transcriptionally. Low ICAM-1 protein production may represent a protective, placenta-specific mechanism to avoid leukocyte transmigration into the placenta in response to GDM.
Perinatal factors associated with cerebral palsy in children born in Sweden.; OBJECTIVE: To identify perinatal factors associated with cerebral palsy (CP). METHODS: This was a case-control study based on the Swedish Medical Birth Registry and the Swedish Hospital Discharge Registry, including 2,303 infants born in Sweden 1984-1998 with a diagnosis of CP and 1.6 million infants without this diagnosis. Odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated. RESULTS: Infants born preterm had a highly increased risk for CP, and constituted 35% of all cases; OR 34 (95% CI 29-39) in weeks 23-27, OR 37 (95% CI 32-42) in weeks 28-29, OR 26 (95% CI 23-30) in weeks 30-31, and OR 3.9 (95% CI 3.4-4.4) in weeks 32-36. Boys had a higher risk (sex ratio 1.36:1), particularly before term (sex ratio 1.55:1). Other factors associated with CP were being small or large for gestational age at birth, abruptio placentae (OR 8.6, 95% CI 5.6-13.3), maternal insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus type 1 (OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.4-3.1), preeclampsia (OR 1.5, 95% CI 1.3-2.4), being a twin (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.1-1.6), maternal age older than 40 years (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.1-1.8) or 35-39 years (OR 1.2, 95% CI 1.1-1.4), primiparity (OR 1.2, 95% CI 1.1-1.3), and smoking (OR 1.2, 95% CI 1.1-1.3). In term infants, low Apgar scores were associated with a high risk for CP; OR 62 (95% CI 52-74) at score 6 at 5 minutes, OR 498 (95% CI 458-542) at score 3. Other factors associated with CP in term infants were breech presentation at vaginal birth (OR 3.0, 95% CI 2.4-3.7), instrumental delivery (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.6-2.3), and emergency cesarean delivery (OR 1.8, 95% CI 1.6-2.0). CONCLUSION: Preterm birth entails a high risk for CP, but 65% of these children are born at term. Several obstetric factors and low Apgar scores are associated with CP. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II-2.
Interrupted aortic arch: from a singular forensic case to clinical and diagnostic cue.; BACKGROUND: Abnormalities of aortic arch include variables related to structure, location, anatomical relationships and collateral vessels. This group includes the malformation known as "interrupted aortic arch". During fetal life, oxygenated blood is provided by materno-fetal circulation and own fetal circulation. CASE REPORT. This work discuss of female fetus born without any vital signs at 38th week by 34-years-old primigravida affected by gestational diabetes and anemia gravidarum. Pregnancy was regular. Labor and cardiotocographic tracings were regular, natural delivery; however, at the time of umbilical cord severing the baby went into cardiocirculatory arrest. Autopsy findings were: - hypertrophied right ventricle; - no morphological changes in interventricular septum, - ascending aorta physiologically arose from the left ventricle; after the emergence of the left subclavian artery and the anonymous trunk, it suddenly stopped at cul de sac. Thoracic tract arose as a collateral branch of the pulmonary artery. In addition, Botallo duct was patent. Thus, the diagnosis of death was interruption of aortic arch resulting in cardiogenic shock and irreversible cardiovascular collapse. CONCLUSION: In filed case, newborn presented "type B" interruption. Interruption manifests itself between left common carotid artery and the left subclavian artery. Descending aorta arose from the pulmonary trunk. So that, in this case, right ventricle provided systemic circulation. At delivery, with the severing of the umbilical cord and physiological closure of the Botallo ductus, acute right heart failure and shock occurred. This work aims to be a cue for scientific community, in order to assist clinical and diagnostic knowledge using autopsy data with expost perspective.
[Evaluation of vitamin C and E concentration--some nonenzymatic indicators of antioxidant protective barrier in pregnant women].; Many peroxidation processes taking place in organisms both in normal and pathological conditions are initiated among others by free radicals. Organisms developed many protective mechanisms to fight with detrimental effects of free radical activity. The aim of the study was to evaluate antioxidant protective barrier by determination of concentrations of some non-enzymatic parameters such as L-ascorbic acid and tocopherol in blood plasma, and to correlate assessed values with basic lipoprotein parameters. The study was carried out in 144 pregnant women in the second and third trimester. The subject were divided into four groups: diabetic pregnancy, pregnancy induced hypertension, diabetic pregnancy with hypertension, and healthy pregnant women. The study results show that pregnancy induced hypertension, diabetic pregnancy and diabetic pregnancy with hypertension are the factors which disturb lipoprotein metabolism and may cause atherosclerotic changes. Higher concentrations of alpha-tocopherol and L-ascorbic acid in plasma in diabetic pregnancy with hypertension may be an important factor which adopts woman's organism to oxidation stress in complicated pregnancy.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: effects on the natural course.; Pregnancy can cause changes in the functioning of the eye in health and in disease and also affect preexisting ocular conditions, such as diabetic retinopathy. Progression of retinopathy in pregnancy depends on a variety of factors, including severity of retinopathy at conception, adequacy of treatment, duration of diabetes, metabolic control before pregnancy, and the presence of additional vascular damage (ie, preexisting or concomitant hypertensive disorder). Developments in medical, obstetrical, and ophthalmologic management of the pregnant diabetic have greatly improved the prognosis for successful pregnancies and maintaining vision.
Reproductive factors in relation to heart failure in women: A systematic review.; BACKGROUND: The biological mechanisms underlying the sex-related differences in risk of heart failure are still not well understood. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure in women. METHODS: A systematic review of the literature was conducted. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for publications on the following reproductive factors as potential risk factors for heart failure in women: age at menarche, duration and frequency of the menstrual cycle, reproductive lifespan, use of contraception, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), pregnancy characteristics (e.g. parity), pregnancy complications (e.g. preeclampsia), induced abortion, history of breastfeeding, fertility status, use of assisted reproductive methods, hysterectomy, age at menopause, and use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT). RESULTS: Twenty-one studies were eligible for inclusion. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders, preterm delivery or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants, shorter reproductive duration, and early menopause were risk factors for heart failure in women. It was suggested that PCOS, fertility therapy, gestational diabetes, and age at first pregnancy were not related to risk of heart failure, but a potential relation cannot be fully excluded as most studies were not of sufficient quality. Conflicting results were found for the associations between risk of heart failure and hysterectomy, gravidity and parity, and HRT. CONCLUSION: Although some reproductive factors were considered risk factors for heart failure in women, the results were mostly conflicting or inconclusive. Further research is needed to confirm and expand the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure.
Women's experience with peer counselling and social support during a lifestyle intervention among women with a previous gestational diabetes pregnancy.; PURPOSE: Women who are diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes, but most receive little guidance regarding disease prevention. This study examined the role and usefulness of social support, including peer counselling in facilitating behaviour change as a part of a healthy eating and physical activity intervention among women with a previous gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy. METHODS: We used a qualitative descriptive approach to investigate participants' experiences with the social support they received during the intervention. We used purposeful sampling and invited women and peer counsellors to participate in semi-structured interviews. Data were analyzed using content analysis. RESULTS: We interviewed nine women and two peer counsellors. Participants received emotional, appraisal, and informational types of social support from the peer counsellor and exercise specialist that they reported as useful. Additionally, participants' received informal emotional and instrumental support from family, friends, and colleagues that they found useful in supporting behaviour change. CONCLUSIONS: Different types of social support are important to encourage behaviour change. These findings provide insight into the types of social support women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus find useful, in addition to practical ways that social support can be incorporated into future interventions.
Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke and periventricular venous infarction in infants with unilateral cerebral palsy.; AIM: To explore clinical factors associated with perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (AIS) and periventricular venous infarction (PVI) in infants who develop unilateral cerebral palsy (CP). METHOD: This was a case-control study. Data current to 2019 was extracted from the Canadian Cerebral Palsy Registry (CCPR). Cases were infants born at term with confirmed unilateral CP. Magnetic resonance images were stratified by expert review of reports as definitive perinatal stroke (AIS or PVI). Controls with common data elements were recruited from a population-based study in Alberta. Multivariable regression analyses were performed to estimate associations expressed as odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Of 2093 cases from the CCPR, 662 had unilateral CP, of whom 299 (45%) had perinatal stroke: AIS 169 (57%) and PVI 130 (43%). Median age at diagnosis for AIS was 11.9 months (interquartile range: 6.2-25.7mo; range 0.17-104.1mo), and 58.6% were male. Median age at diagnosis for PVI was 25.3 months (interquartile range: 14.5-38mo, range 0.7-114.7mo) and 57.7% were male. Independent associations for both AIS and PVI on multivariable analysis were chorioamnionitis, illicit drug exposure, diabetes, gestational age, and maternal age. Variables associated with AIS alone were low Apgar score and prolonged rupture of membranes. Variables associated with PVI alone were small for gestational age and primigravida. INTERPRETATION: Controlled analysis of disease-specific unilateral CP may offer unique perspectives on its pathophysiology. Acute intrapartum factors are mainly associated with AIS, while in utero factors are associated with PVI.
The effect of parity on exercise physiology in women with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction.; AIMS: Women are overrepresented amongst patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF); however, the underpinning mechanism for this asymmetric distribution is unclear. Pregnancy represents a potential gender-specific risk factor for HFpEF. It leads to significant physiological adaption, and increasing parity has been associated with some cardiovascular risk. We sought to examine the relationship between prior parity with the rest and exercise haemodynamic and echocardiographic profile of women with HFpEF. METHODS AND RESULTS: Patients referred for assessment of exertional dyspnoea and confirmed to have a haemodynamic and clinical profile consistent with HFpEF were included. Detailed evaluation consisted of rest and exercise right heart catheterization and echocardiography. A socio-economic and obstetric history was also documented. Fifty-eight women were assessed and categorized as having either 0-2 births or ≥3 births, dividing the cohort equally. Women with ≥3 births achieved a lower symptom-limited workload than those with 0-2 births [38 (24-51) vs. 46 (31-68) W, P = 0.04]. Women with ≥3 births had a greater rise in pulmonary capillary wedge pressure indexed to workload with exercise [0.5 (0.3-0.8) vs. 0.3 (0.2-0.5) mmHg/W, P = 0.03], paralleled by a greater rise in right atrial pressure [10 (8-12) vs. 7 (3-11), P = 0.01]. Pulmonary vascular resistance was also higher in women with ≥3 births [1.9 (1.6-2.4) vs. 1.6 (1.4-1.9) mmHg/L/min rest, P = 0.046, and 1.9 (2.4-2.4) vs. 1.4 (1-1.8) mmHg/L/min exercise, P = 0.024]. Left ventricular ejection fraction was lower at rest [60 (57-61) vs. 63 (60-66), P = 0.008] and during exercise [65 (62-67) vs. 68 (66-70), P = 0.038] in women with higher parity. CONCLUSIONS: Higher parity is associated with greater impairments in multiple physiologic parameters of HFpEF severity in women, including diastolic reserve, pulmonary vascular resistance, and systolic dysfunction.
Evaluation of microvascular density and retinal vessel diameter in gestational and type 2 diabetes using swept-source OCT-A technology.; PURPOSE: To assess foveal and parafoveal retinal and choroidal microvascular changes using optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) and changes in retinal vessel caliber in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), non-pregnant female patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2), and healthy pregnant female subjects. METHODS: The study was conducted cross-sectionally and composed of three age-matched groups: 32 near-term pregnant women with GDM (GDM group), 32 non-pregnant female patients with a recent diagnosis of DM2 (DM2 group), and 32 healthy near-term pregnant female subjects. Vessel density (VD) and vessel diameter were the main outcomes. Detailed ophthalmic examinations were performed for each participant, including swept-source OCTA measurements consisting of superficial, deep, outer retinal and choroidal vessel density. RESULTS: The average VD values in the central fovea of the superficial and deep retina were significantly lower in the GDM group (P=0.001 for both, between the three groups), whereas the mean VD in the parafoveal nasal sector of the deep retina was significantly lower in the DM2 group (P=0.008, between the three groups). There were no significant differences in the foveal or parafoveal VD measurements of the outer retina and choriocapillaris (P>0.05 for all). There were statistically significant differences in the retinal venous diameter and arterial vein ratio in the GDM and DM2 groups compared to the control group (P=0.001 for all). CONCLUSION: The microvascular density changes seen on OCTA images of pregnant women with GDM are remarkable. These changes in retinal vessels appeared to occur rapidly after the onset of the metabolic impairment or might be the reflection of previous insulin resistance as well, as in recent diabetes. Our results also suggest that these changes may be more significant in a GDM pregnant woman than in a pregnant, established diabetic patient.
Presentation and Outcomes of Pregnancy in Patients With Autoimmune Hepatitis.; Autoimmune hepatitis (AIH) frequently affects women of childbearing age in whom the desire to have a family raises the question regarding the potential risks for the fetus and the mother. The information on AIH in pregnant patients is scarce.(1) The aims of this study were (1) to identify the risk factors associated with flares in pregnant patients diagnosed with AIH, (2) to determine the course of AIH in patients with pregnancy-related flares, and (3) to describe the outcome of AIH diagnosed in the postpartum period.
The risk of prelabor and intrapartum cesarean delivery among overweight and obese women: possible preventive actions.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate prelabor and intrapartum cesarean delivery in overweight and obese women by parity, previous cesarean delivery, and labor induction to assess what preventive actions might be possible. STUDY DESIGN: We modeled relative risks (RRs) and risk differences of prelabor and intrapartum cesarean delivery by prepregnancy body mass index (obese, ≥30 kg/m(2); overweight, 25-29.9 kg/m(2); normal weight, 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2)) in a nationally representative sample of 12,297 French women. Models were stratified by parity and previous cesarean status. Covariates included maternal sociodemographic characteristics, medical conditions, pregnancy complications, and induction of labor. RESULTS: Risks of prelabor cesarean delivery were elevated only for obese multiparous women. This reflected not only a higher prevalence of previous cesarean delivery (26.4% vs 17.9% for normal-weight women) but also higher risks of prelabor cesarean delivery for multiparous women with no previous cesarean delivery after adjustment for medico-obstetric factors (RR, 1.82; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.25-2.64). Obese primiparous women and multiparous women with no previous cesarean delivery had similarly increased adjusted RRs for intrapartum cesarean delivery (RR, 1.64; 95% CI, 1.36-1.98; and RR, 1.66; 95% CI, 1.15-2.39, respectively), but the risk difference was higher for primiparous women, with an absolute increase of 0.10 (95% CI, 0.05-0.14) compared with 0.02 (95% CI, 0.00-0.04) for multiparous women. Increased intrapartum cesarean delivery risks for primiparous women were related to more frequent labor induction (42.6% vs 23.8% for normal-weight women). CONCLUSION: It may be possible to reduce primary and thus repeat cesarean delivery rates among obese women by preventive actions targeting labor induction in primiparous women and prelabor cesarean deliveries in multiparous women. Further research is needed on the impact of limiting inductions on cesarean delivery risks for obese primiparous women.
Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Patients With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multisystemic disorder usually seen in females who are in their reproductive age (15-49 years of age). PCOS exhibits insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia, which make it a pre-diabetic state. The syndrome has many overt changes, like dyslipidemia and hypertension, which increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. There is also an increased risk of development of hepatic steatosis. Resistance to insulin, increased amount of insulin, and dysfunction of beta-cells are frequent in PCOS, although they are not the only cause for diagnosis. Type 2 diabetes and glucose resistance may result from total or compared insulin insufficiency, which can happen if the beta cells' compensatory response slows down. Pregnancy challenges such as miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, more excellent rates of cesarean birth, and abnormalities in fetal development may be more common in women with PCOS. In studies investigating the glucose-insulin system compared to control groups with similar age and weight, glycemic intolerance, which includes both decreased glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes, was more common in PCOS women. In the short-term therapy of insulin resistance in PCOS, the potential use of insulin-sensitizing medications has recently been studied. Controlled studies have demonstrated that metformin treatment can lower fasting and stimulate plasma insulin levels by encouraging body weight reduction. These findings provide insulin-sensitizing drugs as a unique method in treating ovarian hyperandrogenism and irregular ovulation in PCOS and indicate a new prescription for Metformin. They further assert that long-term metformin treatment may assist in addressing insulin resistance, reducing the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular-related disease in people who take it.
Endocrine assessment of high-risk pregnancies.; For critical obstetrical judgment, no single laboratory test or biophysical technique has proved completely effective in preventing fetal deaths. Endocrine assessment of high-risk pregnancies has proved helpful in managing pregnancies with diabetes, hypertension, third trimester bleeding, suspected IUGR, and postdate pregnancies. No single endocrine test has proved to be effective in all cases, and much research remains to be done. Of the current endocrine factors being evaluated when all factors are considered, serum unconjugated estriol would appear to be the best predictor of fetal distress or well-being. However, it must be remembered that interpretation of laboratory values is difficult, and that there are many false positives and false negatives. Perhaps the greatest problem with estriol interpretation is short-term and daily fluctuations. If the estriol values are used as the only indicator for following high-risk pregnancies, there is a very likely possibility of delivering a normal premature infant that was wrongly diagnosed as having fetal distress. In the following high-risk pregnancies with estriols, the delivery decision should not be based on a single factor. Rather, the decision to deliver should be based on the estriol values, monitoring of the fetal heart rate (rhythm strip or OCT), amniotic fluid evaluation for fetal lung maturity, and clinical judgment.
Obstructive sleep apnea screening and perinatal outcomes in Korean pregnant women.; PURPOSE: This study was intended to evaluate the attributable risk of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) by a sleep questionnaire to adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This was a prospective, cohort study in Korean pregnant women. Berlin questionnaire was employed for symptom-based OSA screening during the third trimester and obstetric outcome data were obtained in 276 deliveries. The relationship between symptom-based OSA and outcomes were explored using SPSS version 18.0 and stratified by obesity (BMI strata <30 and ≥30). Our primary outcome was the compound occurrence of SGA (fetal) or preeclampsia (maternal). Multivariate models were applied in controlling for potential confounders. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of OSA was 32.2 % and it was significantly related with the higher maternal BMI, more body weight at delivery, and weight gain during pregnancy (p = 0.007, p = 0.003, p = 0.005, respectively). There were no significant differences in the primary outcomes according to the positivity of OSA by screening, regardless of the stratification by obesity. The cesarean delivery rate was significantly higher in the OSA positive group (36.0 vs 22.5 %, p = 0.018), but it was not significant in the each strata of obesity. In multivariate analysis, the outcomes of birth weight, preeclampsia, cesarean delivery, and small for gestational age were also not different according to the positivity of OSA. CONCLUSIONS: It seems that the prevalence of OSA by a sleep questionnaire is overestimating OSA in Korean pregnant women. Polysomnography might be needed to diagnose OSA and to evaluate the relationship between OSA and the occurrence of SGA or preeclampsia.
Gestational Diabetes: Physical Activity Before Pregnancy and Its Influence on the Cardiovascular System.; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy, affecting around 14% of all pregnancies each year. It will likely further increase, as obesity becomes more prevalent. The impact of GDM on cardiovascular changes in pregnant women and her child is still unclear. The aim of the study was to measure the effects of physical activity before pregnancy on the cardiovascular system in patients with GDM in pregnancy. Methods: Two hundred and six pregnant women were included in this observational study. All participants were recruited at the tertiary level teaching University Hospital "Klinikum rechts der Isar" between 28 and 32 weeks gestation. Questionnaires dealing with pre-pregnancy daily and physical activity (PA) were evaluated. The cardiovascular status of the mothers included measurements of the intima-media thickness (IMT) of the carotid arteries. PA level was performed with a standardized 6-min-walking-test. Results: Ninety-nine women with GDM with a mean age of 33.84 (± 4.7) years were examined. One hundred seven healthy pregnant women aged 32.6 (± 4.2) years served as controls. The mean weight in the study group was 73.0 (± 20.3) kg and 61.7 (± 9.5) kg in the control group. Based on the higher weight in the study group, the Body Mass Index (BMI) was also significantly higher than in the control group (26.3 ± 7.1 vs. 21.6 ± 3; p < 0.001). The frequency of PA was significantly higher in the control group (p < 0.001). The objective fitness level was worse in pregnant women with GDM compared to healthy controls (472 vs. 523 m, p < 0.001). PA before and during pregnancy was less performed in the study group (86 vs. 64.5%, p = 0.002; 69 vs. 45.7%, p = 0.003). Women who were physically inactive before pregnancy had a 3-times higher risk to develop GDM compared to active women (OR = 2.67). The IMT was significantly thicker in the study group (0.48 ± 0.042 mm vs. 0.45 ± 0.042) mm; p = 0.006). Conclusion: Physical activity before pregnancy and a lower initial weight reduces the risk of developing GDM and cardiovascular risk factors in pregnancy. The development of prevention programs is certainly necessary.
Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Postpartum Multi-Systemic Dysregulation: Adding Vitamin D Deficiency to the Allostatic Load Index.; Background Allostatic load (AL) is an index of multi-system physiological "wear-and-tear," operationalizing emergent chronic disease risk and predicting morbidity and mortality. AL has been proposed as an organizing framework for studying pregnancy outcomes and additional AL biomarkers for the study of maternal health would be valuable. Objectives To test whether adverse perinatal outcomes are associated with postpartum AL and if including vitamin D deficiency (serum 25(OH)D < 20 ng/ml) as an additional marker of postpartum AL increases the association. Methods The Community Child Health Network is a community-based participatory research network that enrolled women at birth and followed them for 2 years measuring ten biomarkers (body mass index, waist: hip ratio, pulse, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, cortisol slope, c-reactive protein, hgbA1c, HDL, and total cholesterol) at 6 and 12 months postpartum. A composite of four adverse perinatal outcomes (low birth weight, preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes) was collected from medical charts in a sample of 164 women from one site and serum 25(OH)D status was measured 24-39 weeks postpartum in this cohort. Results Twenty-nine percent experienced one or more of the four adverse perinatal outcomes. Serum 25(OH)D was significantly inversely correlated with the AL index (Spearman's r = -0.247, p = 0.002). Logistic regression results adjusting for maternal age and race showed that adverse outcome was significantly associated with higher postpartum AL (OR 1.53 for a 1-unit increase in AL, 95% CI 1.24-1.89). Adding 25(OH)D deficiency as an 11th component to the AL index improved the model fit (Delta (-2LogL) = 3.955, p = 0.047), and improved the Akaike information criterion (180.32 vs. 184.27). Conclusion Women with adverse perinatal outcomes have higher postpartum AL and adding vitamin D deficiency to the AL index strengthens this association.
Maternal diabetes mellitus--early consequences for the offspring.; Although several studies have focused on the effects of nutritional status during intrauterine development, few have addressed the impact of maternal diabetes mellitus on renal function and morphology in the young offspring. In the present study, renal morpho-functional aspects were studied in the offspring of diabetic rats. Diabetes was induced in female rats with a single dose of streptozotocyn (STZ), 10 days before mating. After weaning, the offspring (DO) had free access to food and water. Arterial blood pressure was measured, by tail plethysmography, from 2 months on. Renal function was evaluated in 2- and 3-month-old rats in the DO group and in controls (C). Analysis of renal morphology was carried out in newborn and in 1-, 2- and 3-month-old rats in both groups. Although the nephron number was not changed in the DO group, glomerular hypertrophy was observed from 2 months on. At the same age, the glomerular filtration rate was significantly reduced in DO, and blood pressure was significantly increased, when compared to C. Glucose tolerance test (GTT) from DO showed a different profile when compared to C. The number of PCNA positive cells in renal tissue was similar in both groups. Our data suggests that exposure to intrauterine diabetes may be an important cause of both impaired renal function and hypertension in offspring, without changes in the nephron number.
Cigarette smoking in relation to the risk of myocardial infarction in young women. Modifying influence of age and predisposing factors.; We evaluated the relation between myocardial infarction (MI) and cigarette smoking in women 30 to 49 years of age. Among 318 women who had survived recent first infarctions and 1272 age-matched controls, the proportions of cigarette smokers were 83% and 54%, respectively (p < 0.001). The estimated relative risk rose progressively with amount smoked: compared with women who had never smoked, the estimate was 1.8 for smokers of less than 15 cigarettes per day and 6.9 for smokers of 35 or more cigarettes per day. At each level of smoking, the relative increase in risk was greater at younger ages and among those not apparently predisposed from other factors. Although MI is a rare disease in young women, our data indicate that the risks faced by those who smoke heavily are appreciable.
Identification and comparative analyses of myocardial miRNAs involved in the fetal response to maternal obesity.; Human and animal studies show that suboptimal intrauterine environments lead to fetal programming, predisposing offspring to disease in later life. Maternal obesity has been shown to program offspring for cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and obesity. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, noncoding RNA molecules that act as key regulators of numerous cellular processes. Compelling evidence links miRNAs to the control of cardiac development and etiology of cardiac pathology; however, little is known about their role in the fetal cardiac response to maternal obesity. Our aim was to sequence and profile the cardiac miRNAs that are dysregulated in the hearts of baboon fetuses born to high fat/high fructose-diet (HFD) fed mothers for comparison with fetal hearts from mothers eating a regular diet. Eighty miRNAs were differentially expressed. Of those, 55 miRNAs were upregulated and 25 downregulated with HFD. Twenty-two miRNAs were mapped to human; 14 of these miRNAs were previously reported to be dysregulated in experimental or human CVD. We used an Ingenuity Pathway Analysis to integrate miRNA profiling and bioinformatics predictions to determine miRNA-regulated processes and genes potentially involved in fetal programming. We found a correlation between miRNA expression and putative gene targets involved in developmental disorders and CVD. Cellular death, growth, and proliferation were the most affected cellular functions in response to maternal obesity. Thus, the current study reveals significant alterations in cardiac miRNA expression in the fetus of obese baboons. The epigenetic modifications caused by adverse prenatal environment may represent one of the mechanisms underlying fetal programming of CVD.
Post-weaning high-fat diet accelerates kidney injury, but not hypertension programmed by maternal diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to establish the underlying mechanisms by which a post-weaning high-fat diet (HFD) accelerates the perinatal programming of kidney injury occurring in the offspring of diabetic mothers. METHODS: Male mice, offspring of nondiabetic and diabetic dams were fed with normal diet (ND) or HFD from 4 to 20 wk of age. Rat renal proximal tubular cells were used in vitro. RESULTS: On ND, the offspring of dams with severe maternal diabetes had an intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) phenotype and developed mild hypertension and evidence of kidney injury in adulthood. Exposing the IUGR offspring to HFD resulted in rapid weight gain, catch-up growth, and later to profound kidney injury with activation of renal TGFβ1 and collagen type IV expression, increased oxidative stress, and enhanced renal lipid deposition, but not systemic hypertension. Given our data, we speculate that HFD or free fatty acids may accelerate the process of perinatal programming of kidney injury, via increased CD36 and fatty acid-binding protein 4 expression, which may target reactive oxygen species, nuclear factor-kappa B, and TGFβ1 signaling in vivo and in vitro. CONCLUSION: Early postnatal exposure to overnutrition with a HFD increases the risk of development of kidney injury, but not hypertension, in IUGR offspring of dams with maternal diabetes.
[Clinical analysis of 15 pregnant women complicated with moyamoya disease].; Objective: To explore the effects of pregnancy complicated with moyamoya disease on maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods: The general clinical data and maternal and fetal outcomes of 20 pregnancies of 15 patients with moyamoya disease admitted to the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University from January 2012 to October 2022 were retrospectively analyzed. Results: (1) General information: among the 20 pregnancies of 15 clearly diagnosed pregnant women complicated with moyamoya disease, 12 were diagnosed before pregnancy (60%, 12/20), 3 were diagnosed during pregnancy (15%, 3/20), and 5 were diagnosed during puerperal period (25%, 5/20). There were 7 cases of primipara (35%, 7/20) and 13 cases of multipara (65%, 13/20). (2) Pregnancy complications and maternal and infant outcomes: among the 20 pregnancies of 15 pregnant women with moyamoya disease, there were 9 pregnancy complications (45%, 9/20), including 5 gestational hypertension (25%, 5/20), 2 severe pre-eclampsia (10%, 2/20), 1 hyperlipidemia and 1 gestational diabetes mellitus (5%, 1/20). There were 2 case of drug abortion in the first trimester, 3 cases of labor induction in the second trimester, and 15 cases of delivery during the third trimester. All the 15 deliveries were cesarean section, of which 11 (11/15) were cesarean sections with medical indications, and 4 (4/15) were cesarean sections caused by personal factors. General anesthesia was used in 5 cases (5/15), epidural block anesthesia in 7 cases (7/15), and combined spinal and epidural anesthesia in 3 cases (3/15). The median gestational age of 15 neonates was 37.2 weeks (34.0 to 40.8 weeks), with 10 cases (10/15) were full-term infants, and 5 (5/15) were preterm infants (3 of which were associated with hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy). The birth weight of 15 neonates was (2 853±454) g. Four neonates were admitted to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), of which 3 cases were admitted to NICU due to premature delivery and 1 case was admitted to NICU due to neonatal jaundice. There was no neonatal asphyxia or death. All neonates were followed up from 4 months to 6 years after birth, and all grew well. (3) Neurological symptoms during pregnancy: 8 cases (40%, 8/20) had neurological symptoms during pregnancy, and 6 cases (30%, 6/20) had hemorrhagic symptoms, of which 3 cases occurred during the puerperal period (3/6). There were 2 cases of ischemic symptoms (10%, 2/20), all of which occurred during the puerperal period (2/2). (4) Analysis of factors related to the occurrence of cerebral hemorrhage: the incidence of cerebral hemorrhage in patients with moyamoya disease diagnosed before pregnancy was significantly lower than that in those without a clear diagnosis, and the incidence of cerebral hemorrhage in women with moyamoya disease was lower than that in primipara (all P<0.01). The incidence of cerebral hemorrhage in moyamoya patients without hypertensive disorder complicating pregrancy was lower than that in patients with hypertensive disorder complicating pregrancy, but the difference was not statistically significant (P>0.05). Conclusions: Pregnancy combined with moyamoya disease has adverse effects on maternal and infant outcomes, and the incidence of pregnancy complications increases. Cerebral hemorrhage occurres in prenatal and puperium, while cerebral ischemia occurres mainly in puperium.
Wnt signaling in caudal dysgenesis and diabetic embryopathy.; BACKGROUND: Congenital defects are a major complication of diabetic pregnancy, and the leading cause of infant death in the first year of life. Caudal dysgenesis, occurring up to 200-fold more frequently in children born to diabetic mothers, is a hallmark of diabetic pregnancy. Given that there is also an at least threefold higher risk for heart defects and NTDs, it is important to identify the underlying molecular mechanisms for aberrant embryonic development. METHODS: We have investigated gene expression in a transgenic mouse model of caudal dysgenesis, and in a pharmacological model using situ hybridization and quantitative real-time PCR. RESULTS: We identified altered expression of several molecules that control developmental processes and embryonic growth. CONCLUSIONS: The results from our models point towards major implication of altered Wnt signaling in the pathogenesis of developmental anomalies associated with embryonic exposure to maternal diabetes.
The Intersection of Maternal Metabolic Syndrome, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Future Metabolic Health for the Mother and Offspring.; The prevalence of obesity is ∼40% in the United States, and the prepregnancy prevalence of obesity in females is ∼30%. This has in part fueled an increase in metabolic syndrome (MetS) among females who are currently pregnant, have been pregnant, or are planning to become pregnant. Importantly, MetS in pregnancy is associated with increased pregnancy complications. Moreover, MetS in pregnancy may have long-lasting adverse cardiovascular and metabolic health implications for the mother and her offspring. To complicate matters, many adverse pregnancy outcomes seem to increase the risk of MetS in the mother after pregnancy. Herein, we describe the potential mechanisms behind the intersection of MetS, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and subsequent long-term disease in the mother and offspring. Because MetS is a cluster of coexisting conditions, it is challenging to identify mediators that can serve as biomarkers for early diagnosis and targets for MetS prevention and therapy.
Influence of birth weight on fetal cardiac indices at 35-37 weeks' gestation.; OBJECTIVE: Echocardiographic studies have reported that fetuses with low birth weight, compared to those with normal birth weight, have globular hearts and reduced cardiac function. Dichotomizing continuous variables, such as birth weight, may be helpful in describing pathology in small studies but can prevent us from identifying physiological responses in relation to change in size. The aim of this study was to explore associations between fetal cardiac morphology and function and birth weight, as a continuous variable, as well as uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility index (PI), as an indirect measure of placental perfusion, and the cerebroplacental ratio (CPR), as an indirect measure of fetal oxygenation. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 1498 women with singleton pregnancy undergoing routine ultrasound examination at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. Pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia were excluded from the analysis. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricles. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity indices. In addition, the PI of the UtA, umbilical artery (UA) and fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) was determined and the CPR was calculated by dividing MCA-PI by UA-PI. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess determinants of fetal echocardiographic parameters. RESULTS: The study population included 146 (9.7%) small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetuses with birth weight < 10(th) percentile and 68 (4.5%) with fetal growth restriction (FGR). In the SGA and FGR groups, compared to the non-SGA and non-FGR fetuses, respectively, there was a more globular right ventricle and reduced left and right ventricular systolic function, and, from the left ventricular diastolic functional indices, the E/A ratio was increased. There was a linear association of right ventricular sphericity index, indices of left and right ventricular systolic function and E/A ratio with birth-weight Z-score. There were no significant associations between cardiac morphological and functional indices and UtA-PI Z-score or CPR Z-score. CONCLUSIONS: This screening study at 35-37 weeks' gestation has demonstrated that birth weight is a determinant of fetal cardiac morphology and function but UtA-PI and CPR, as indirect measures of placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation, are not. This suggests that the differences in fetal cardiac indices between small and appropriately grown fetuses may be part of a normal physiological response to change in fetal size rather than part of a pathological adaptation to abnormal placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Dystrophia myotonica and pregnancy--an instructive case.; Two cases of dystrophia myotonica, a mother and her newborn child, are reported. The diagnosis in the mother was only made after seven years and two eventful deliveries. The obstetrical and anaesthetic complications, as well as the neonatal form of dystrophia myotonica, are reviewed.
Ethnic differences in risk factors for obesity in New Zealand infants.; BACKGROUND: In New Zealand, the burden of childhood obesity is greatest in Māori and Pacific children. METHODS: In 687 infants from an internet-based birth cohort in New Zealand, we investigated ethnic differences in early life risk factors for later obesity, the degree to which these were explained by sociodemographic factors, and the extent to which ethnic differences in weight at age 3 months were explained by measured risk factors. RESULTS: The risk of having an obese mother was double in Māori and Pacific infants compared with NZ European infants (prevalence 24% and 14%, respectively; OR 2.23, 95% CI 1.23 to 4.04). Māori and Pacific infants had higher weights in the first week of life and at 3 months (mean difference 0.19 kg, 95% CI 0.01 to 0.38), and their mothers had higher scores on a 'snacks' dietary pattern and lower scores on 'healthy' and 'sweet' dietary patterns. These inequalities were not explained by maternal education, maternal age or area-based deprivation. No ethnic differences were observed for maternal pre-pregnancy physical activity, hypertension or diabetes in pregnancy, exclusive breastfeeding or early introduction of solid foods. Ethnic inequalities in infant weight at 3 months were not explained by sociodemographic variables, maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index or dietary pattern scores or by other measured risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: This study shows excess prevalence of early life risk factors for obesity in Māori and Pacific infants in New Zealand and suggests an urgent need for early interventions for these groups.
Chronic hypertension and adverse pregnancy outcome: a cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between chronic hypertension (CH) and a wide range of adverse pregnancy outcomes after adjustment for confounding factors in obstetric history and maternal characteristics. METHODS: This was a prospective screening study for adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with singleton pregnancy attending their first routine hospital visit at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks' gestation. Data on maternal characteristics, medical and obstetric history and pregnancy outcome were collected. Regression analysis was performed to examine the association between CH and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including late miscarriage, stillbirth, pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), spontaneous and iatrogenic preterm birth (PTB), small-for-gestational-age (SGA) neonate, large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonate and elective and emergency Cesarean section (CS). RESULTS: The study population of 109 932 pregnancies included 1417 (1.3%) women with CH. After adjusting for potential confounding variables from maternal characteristics, medical and obstetric history, CH was associated with increased risk of stillbirth (odds ratio (OR), 2.38 (95% CI, 1.51-3.75)), PE (OR, 5.76 (95% CI, 4.93-6.73)), SGA (OR, 2.06 (95% CI, 1.79-2.39)), GDM (OR, 1.61 (95% CI, 1.27-2.05)), iatrogenic PTB < 37 weeks (OR, 3.73 (95% CI, 3.07-4.53)) and elective CS (OR, 1.79 (95% CI, 1.52-2.11)), decreased risk of LGA (OR, 0.65 (95% CI, 0.53-0.78)) and had no significant effect on late miscarriage, spontaneous PTB or emergency CS. CONCLUSION: CH should be combined with other maternal characteristics and medical and obstetric history when calculating an individualized adjusted risk for adverse pregnancy complications. CH increases the risk of stillbirth, PE, SGA, GDM, iatrogenic PTB and elective CS and reduces the risk for LGA. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
A disease of her own? Unique features of heart failure in women.; Heart failure (HF) is a significant and growing public health challenge for women. Compared with men, women tend to develop HF later in life and are more likely to experience HF with preserved ejection fraction. There are also significant sex differences in outcomes, with women reporting lower quality of life but overall better survival versus men. In this review, we summarize sex differences in traditional HF risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes, obesity and coronary artery disease, as well as female-specific HF risk factors including menopause, pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcomes, and breast cancer therapy. While our understanding of the sex-specific efficacy of HF therapy remains limited by the underrepresentation of women in major clinical trials, there is a suggestion of preferential benefit of specific agents for women. Further work is required to better understand the pathophysiology of HF in women uniquely and to increase representation of women in clinical trials.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Recent Literature Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as a state of hyperglycemia that is first recognized during pregnancy, is currently the most common medical complication in pregnancy. GDM affects approximately 15% of pregnancies worldwide, accounting for approximately 18 million births annually. Mothers with GDM are at risk of developing gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and termination of pregnancy via Caesarean section. In addition, GDM increases the risk of complications, including cardiovascular disease, obesity and impaired carbohydrate metabolism, leading to the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in both the mother and infant. The increase in the incidence of GDM also leads to a significant economic burden and deserves greater attention and awareness. A deeper understanding of the risk factors and pathogenesis becomes a necessity, with particular emphasis on the influence of SARS-CoV-2 and diagnostics, as well as an effective treatment, which may reduce perinatal and metabolic complications. The primary treatments for GDM are diet and increased exercise. Insulin, glibenclamide and metformin can be used to intensify the treatment. This paper provides an overview of the latest reports on the epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of GDM based on the literature.
Systemic conditions associated with areca nut usage: a literature review.; AIM: The adverse effects of areca nut (AN) chewing habit on oral health have been reported. However, the hazards related to the habit are not restricted to the oral cavity but they can also jeopardise the systemic health. Since no review reporting the harmful effects of AN chewing on systemic health is yet available, the aim of the present study was to review the systemic conditions associated with AN usage. METHODS: To address the focused question ''What are the deleterious effects of AN usage on systemic health?'', the MEDLINE PubMed databases were explored from 1966 up to and including May 2010. The eligibility criteria included: human studies, individuals using AN, use of controls, and articles published in English. Hand-searching was also performed. Unpublished data was excluded. RESULTS: The review included 28 articles. Seven studies associated AN chewing with cardiovascular disorders and three studies related the habit with cerebrovascular disorders. Eight studies related AN chewing with obesity, hyperglycaemia, metabolic syndrome, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Five studies related AN chewing with the development of hepatic disorders. Two studies associated the chewing habit with oesophageal inflammation and fibrosis. Three studies associated AN chewing with respiratory discomfort. Renal disorders were related with the chewing abuse in two studies. Two studies showed an adverse effect of AN chewing on birth outcome. CONCLUSIONS: AN chewing adversely affects systemic health by damaging the vital organs.
The Impact of Sex and Gender on Stroke.; Women face a disproportionate burden of stroke mortality and disability. Biologic sex and sociocultural gender both contribute to differences in stroke risk factors, assessment, treatment, and outcomes. There are substantial differences in the strength of association of stroke risk factors, as well as female-specific risk factors. Moreover, there are differences in presentation, response to treatment, and stroke outcomes in women. This review outlines current knowledge of impact of sex and gender on stroke, as well as delineates research gaps and areas for future inquiry.
Effectiveness and safety of intrauterine insemination vs. assisted reproductive technology: emulating a target trial using an observational database of administrative claims.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the effectiveness and safety of 1 cycle of assisted reproductive technology (ART) vs. 3 cycles of intrauterine insemination (IUI). DESIGN: Target trial emulation using observational data. SETTING: A healthcare claims database (2011-2015). PATIENT(S): The patients were 29,021 women aged 18-45 years with an infertility diagnosis and no history of IUI or ART within the past 12 months. INTERVENTION(S): One ART cycle immediately, with no more cycles of ART or IUI within the next 4 months; or 1 IUI cycle immediately, with 2 additional consecutive cycles of IUI within the next 4 months unless pregnancy occurred. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Live births, multiple births, congenital malformations, preterm births, small-for-gestational-age newborns, large-for-gestational-age newborns, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension. RESULT(S): The probability of live birth was 27.3% for ART and 26.3% for IUI. The observational analogue of per-protocol risk difference (95% confidence interval) for ART compared with IUI was 1.0% (-0.1%, 2.2%) for live births, 4.3% (3.7%, 4.9%) for multiple births, 3.4% (2.8%, 4.0%) for preterm births, 1.5% (0.9%, 2.1%) for NICU admissions, and 0.6% (0.2%, 1.0%) for gestational diabetes. The risk differences for the other outcomes were <0.5%. The results of the 2 strategies were similar in women ≤40 years, but in women >40 years the probability of live birth was greater for ART (14.4%) than for IUI (7.4%). CONCLUSION(S): Compared with 3 cycles of IUI, 1 cycle of ART was estimated to have a similar probability of live birth but slightly higher risks of multiple gestations, preterm births, and NICU admissions.
[Intravenous administration of ritodrine to pregnant insulin-dependent diabetics. Metabolic impact].; Seven diabetic patients who had been dependent on insulin before pregnancy (classes B, C, D of White) threatened to go into premature labour between the 31st and 36th week of the pregnancy. They were treated by intravenous administration of Ritodrine, the dosage varying between 100 and 400 micrograms per minute. The changes in the mother consisted in a rise in the blood glucose level which rose from 140 +/- 34 mg % to 212 +/- 56 mg % (p less than 0.01). This occurred in spite of a mean rise of 49% of insulin (p less than 0.0025) and a moderate ketonuria in two patients and a severe acido-ketosis in two further patients. In five patients there were no effects on the fetus as far as repeated observations of the fetal heart rate could detect. On the other hand, in the two mothers who developed acido-ketosis during the transfusion the fetal heart rythm showed signs of acute fetal distress, which however was temporary. Oscillations were reduced and there were late decelerations. These disappeared when the maternal metabolic state was brought back to equilibrium. 13.1 +/- 7.3 days were gained for the fetus by using tocolytic treatment, and this is considered a success. Discussion of these cases is accompanied by a complete review of the literature of the administration of beta-mimetic drugs in diabetic women. The authors point out that special precautions have to be taken and special conditions have to be fulfilled when this type of treatment is used. These consist of changes in the amounts of insulin that are given and particularly careful observation of the fetal heart rhythm before and during treatment.
Variability on red blood cell transfusion practices among Brazilian neonatal intensive care units.; BACKGROUND: Guidelines for red blood cell (RBC) transfusions exist; however, transfusion practices vary among centers. This study aimed to analyze transfusion practices and the impact of patients and institutional characteristics on the indications of RBC transfusions in preterm infants. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODS: RBC transfusion practices were investigated in a multicenter prospective cohort of preterm infants with a birth weight of less than 1500 g born at eight public university neonatal intensive care units of the Brazilian Network on Neonatal Research. Variables associated with any RBC transfusions were analyzed by logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Of 952 very-low-birth-weight infants, 532 (55.9%) received at least one RBC transfusion. The percentages of transfused neonates were 48.9, 54.5, 56.0, 61.2, 56.3, 47.8, 75.4, and 44.7%, respectively, for Centers 1 through 8. The number of transfusions during the first 28 days of life was higher in Center 4 and 7 than in other centers. After 28 days, the number of transfusions decreased, except for Center 7. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed higher likelihood of transfusion in infants with late onset sepsis (odds ratio [OR], 2.8; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.8-4.4), intraventricular hemorrhage (OR, 9.4; 95% CI, 3.3-26.8), intubation at birth (OR, 1.7; 95% CI, 1.0-2.8), need for umbilical catheter (OR, 2.4; 95% CI, 1.3-4.4), days on mechanical ventilation (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.0-1.2), oxygen therapy (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.0-1.1), parenteral nutrition (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.0-1.1), and birth center (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The need of RBC transfusions in very-low-birth-weight preterm infants was associated with clinical conditions and birth center. The distribution of the number of transfusions during hospital stay may be used as a measure of neonatal care quality.
Homocysteine levels in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) is a risk factor of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. Homocysteine is one of markers of cardiovascular risk. The aim of this study was to assess the homocysteine levels in women with pGDM and to evaluate its relationship with current carbohydrate metabolism and nourishment status. METHODS: The study group comprised 199 women at 7.8 ± 1.0 years after pGDM and 50 control women in whom pGDM was excluded. The analyzed parameters: BMI, WHR, body composition (Tanita SC-330S analyzer), glucose and insulin levels in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), HbA1c, lipid profile, homocysteine, creatinine and creatinine clearance. The Mann-Whitney test and Chi-squared test were used for comparison of continuous and nominal variables, respectively. Correlations between continuous variables in each group were analyzed using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (Rs). A logarithmic transformation was applied for variables with non-normal distribution. RESULTS: There were no differences between the pGDM women and controls in terms of age, number of childbirths, time from indexed pregnancy, pre-pregnancy BMI, or current anthropometric parameters. In pGDM women HbA1c and all glucose levels in OGTT were significantly higher, but still within the normal range. No significant differences were found in homocysteine levels, HOMA-IR, blood lipids, creatinine and creatinine clearance. Homocysteine levels did not differ significantly in subgroups categorized according to the current OGTT results or BMI. Carbohydrate metabolism disorders, overweight and obesity were associated with higher creatinine clearance. Positive correlation between homocysteine and creatinine (r = 0.21, p < 0.004), and a negative correlation with creatinine clearance (r = -0.16, p < 0.03) were found. CONCLUSIONS: In women with pGDM, homocysteine is not a marker of glucose tolerance disturbances and cardiovascular risk. Increased glomerular filtration rate, observed in more severe disorders of carbohydrate metabolism and greater BMI, may temporarily protect against an increase of proatherogenic homocysteine.
The impacts of maternal iron deficiency and being overweight during pregnancy on neurodevelopment of the offspring.; Both maternal Fe deficiency (ID) and being overweight or obese (Ow/Ob, BMI≥25 kg/m2) may negatively affect offspring brain development. However, the two risk factors correlate and their independent effects on infant neurodevelopment are unclear. PREOBE is a prospective observational study that included 331 pregnant Spanish women, of whom 166 had pre-gestational Ow/Ob. Fe status was analysed at 34 weeks and at delivery, and babies were assessed using Bayley III scales of neurodevelopment at 18 months. In confounder-adjusted analyses, maternal ID at 34 weeks was associated with lower composite motor scores at 18 months (mean 113·3 (sd 9·9) v. 117·1 (sd 9·2), P=0·039). Further, the offspring of mothers with ID at delivery had lower cognitive scores (114·0 (sd 9·7) v. 121·5 (sd 10·9), P=0·039) and lower receptive, expressive and composite (99·5 (sd 8·6) v. 107·6 (sd 8·3), P=0·004) language scores. The negative associations between maternal ID at delivery and Bayley scores remained even when adjusting for maternal Ow/Ob and gestational diabetes. Similarly, maternal Ow/Ob correlated with lower gross motor scores in the offspring (12·3 (sd 2·0) v. 13·0 (sd 2·1), P=0·037), a correlation that remained when adjusting for maternal ID. In conclusion, maternal ID and pre-gestational Ow/Ob are both negatively associated with Bayley scores at 18 months, but independently and on different subscales. These results should be taken into account when considering Fe supplementation for pregnant women.
[Congenital cardiopathies screening associated with diabetes mellitus using maternal fructosamine plasma concentration].; PURPOSE: to evaluate the importance of maternal plasma concentration of fructosamine as an indicator of fetal congenital cardiopathies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. METHODS: this was a retrospective study conducted on 91 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus who underwent routine fetal echocardiography at a university reference center in fetal medicine. Sixty-five patientes who presented pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and plasma fructosamine level were registered in the medical records prior to the ultrasound exam. The first measurement recorded was compared with the result of routine fetal echocardiography, carried out by a specialist physician of the service. The presence or absence of echocardiographic findings of congenital cardiopathies (EFCC) was related to plasma levels of fructosamine by the mean t-test and its accuracy for EFCC was verified by the ROC curve. Plsama fructosamine concentrations of 2.68, 2.9 and 2.23 mmol/L, which are, respectively, the local reference laboratory values, the value of the kit employed for measurement and the one of highest overall accuracy, were discussed as the cut-off values. RESULTS: EFCC was found in 52.3% of the fetuses. The first measurement of fructosamine, during the prenatal care period, was performed, on average, at 20.4+/-8.0 weeks of pregnancy. The maternal concentration ability of the fructosamine to identify fetuses with EFCC was significant (p<0.0001) and had an area under the ROC curve of 0.78 (95%CI=0.66-0.89). The 2.9 mmol/L plasma concentration of fructosamine revealed EFCC with better specificity, but with a higher percentage of false-negative results (96.8 and 55.9%). Values above 2.68 mmol/L were associated with a probability of 4.6 to identify fetuses with EFCC compared with lower values, with 58.8% of sensitivity and 87.1%, specificity. The value of 2.23 mmol/L proved to be the most overall accurate of the three values suggested, with a sensitivity of 88.2% in the identification of fetuses with echocardiographic abnormalities. CONCLUSIONS: it is possible to use a second trimester plasma fructosamine level to refer high risk pregnant women to a reference center of fetal echocardiography. These findings are important for the management of women with diabetes mellitus who initiate late prenatal care.
Adverse Effects of Black Carbon (BC) Exposure during Pregnancy on Maternal and Fetal Health: A Contemporary Review.; Black carbon (BC) is a major component of ambient particulate matter (PM), one of the six Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Criteria air pollutants. The majority of research on the adverse effects of BC exposure so far has been focused on respiratory and cardiovascular systems in children. Few studies have also explored whether prenatal BC exposure affects the fetus, the placenta and/or the course of pregnancy itself. Thus, this contemporary review seeks to elucidate state-of-the-art research on this understudied topic. Epidemiological studies have shown a correlation between BC and a variety of adverse effects on fetal health, including low birth weight for gestational age and increased risk of preterm birth, as well as cardiometabolic and respiratory system complications following maternal exposure during pregnancy. There is epidemiological evidence suggesting that BC exposure increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as other maternal health issues, such as pregnancy loss, all of which need to be more thoroughly investigated. Adverse placental effects from BC exposure include inflammatory responses, interference with placental iodine uptake, and expression of DNA repair and tumor suppressor genes. Taking into account the differences in BC exposure around the world, as well as interracial disparities and the need to better understand the underlying mechanisms of the health effects associated with prenatal exposure, toxicological research examining the effects of early life exposure to BC is needed.
Olive oil supplementation prevents extracellular matrix deposition and reduces prooxidant markers and apoptosis in the offspring´s heart of diabetic rats.; Maternal diabetes induces fetal programming of cardiovascular diseases. Diabetes induced-cardiac fibrosis is a process that may start in utero and may be related to the prooxidant/proinflammatory environment. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of a maternal diet enriched in olive oil on the levels of components and regulators of the extracellular matrix, on prooxidant markers and on apoptosis rate in the heart of 21-day-old offspring of diabetic rats. Maternal diabetes was induced by neonatal administration of streptozotocin. During pregnancy, diabetic and control rats were fed with diets supplemented or not with 6% olive oil. The heart of the offspring was studied at 21 days of age. We found increased deposition of collagen IV and fibronectin in the offspring´s heart of diabetic rats, which was prevented by the maternal diets enriched in olive oil. Increases in connective tissue growth factor were also prevented by the maternal diets enriched in olive oil. Prooxidant markers as well as apoptosis, which were increased in the heart of the offspring of diabetic rats, were prevented by the maternal olive oil dietary treatment. Our findings identified powerful effects of a maternal diet enriched in olive oil on the prevention of increased extracellular matrix deposition and increased prooxidant markers in the heart of 21-day-old offspring of diabetic rats.
Associations of parental and perinatal factors with subsequent risk of stress-related disorders: a nationwide cohort study with sibling comparison.; Little is known about the contribution of pregnancy-related parental and perinatal factors to the development of stress-related disorders. We aimed to investigate whether parental/perinatal adversities entail higher risks of stress-related disorders in the offspring, later in life, by accounting for genetic and early environmental factors. Based on the nationwide Swedish registers, we conducted a population-based cohort study of 3,435,747 singleton births (of which 2,554,235 were full siblings), born 1973-2008 and survived through the age of 5 years. Using both population- and sibling designs, we employed Cox regression to assess the association between parental and perinatal factors with subsequent risk of stress-related disorders. We identified 55,511 individuals diagnosed with stress-related disorders in the population analysis and 37,433 in the sibling analysis. In the population-based analysis we observed increased risks of stress-related disorders among offspring of maternal/paternal age <25, single mothers, parity ≥4, mothers with BMI ≥ 25 or maternal smoking in early pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and offspring born moderately preterm (GA 32-36 weeks), or small-for-gestational-age. These associations were significantly attenuated toward null in the sibling analysis. Cesarean-section was weakly associated with offspring stress-related disorders in population [hazard ratio (HR) 1.09, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.06-1.12] and sibling analyses (HR 1.10, 95% CI 1.02-1.20). Our findings suggest that most of the observed associations between parental and perinatal factors and risk of stress-related disorders in the population analysis are driven by shared familial environment or genetics, and underscore the importance of family designs in epidemiological studies on the etiology of psychiatric disorders.
Inflammatory, Metabolic and Endothelial Biomarkers Before and After Pregnancy Complications.; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and preterm birth (PTB) have excess cardiovascular disease compared to those with uncomplicated births, perhaps related to pre-pregnancy inflammation, dysmetabolism or endothelial dysfunction. We included 1238 women in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study (1985-2011) with 2215 births classified according to outcomes (term, uncomplicated births were the referent). Repeated measures ANOVA estimated pre-pregnancy, post-pregnancy and biomarker change according to pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for confounders. GDM and HDP groups had higher pre-pregnancy hsCRP (+0.37 [0.08, 0.65]; +0.29 [0.04, 0.55] log mg/L), leptin (+0.29 [0.09, 0.50]; +0.37 [0.17, 0.56] log ng/ml), and lower adiponectin (-0.25 [-0.36, -0.13); -0.11 [-0.22, -0.01] log ng/ml) than those with uncomplicated births and these profiles persisted in magnitude post-pregnancy. Controlling for BMI attenuated most profiles, except lower pre-pregnancy adiponectin remained associated with GDM. PTB without HDP or GDM was related to lower pre-pregnancy hsCRP and sICAM-1 (-0.31 [-0.56, -0.06] log mg/L; -0.05 [-0.09, - 0.01] log ng/ml) and a larger leptin increase from pre- to post-pregnancy, (+0.20 [0.02, 0.37] log ng/ml). Pre-pregnancy inflammation and metabolic dysfunction contributed to GDM and HDP, perhaps due to higher BMI. PTB may be related to adverse metabolic changes post-pregnancy, though the unexpected endothelial biomarker profile warrants further study.
A 20-year prospective study of childbearing and incidence of diabetes in young women, controlling for glycemia before conception: the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether childbearing increases incidence of type 2 diabetes after accounting for preconception glycemia and gestational glucose intolerance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A prospective, biracial cohort was examined up to five times during 1985-2006 in the multicenter, U.S. population-based Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study. The analysis included 2,408 women (1,226 black and 1,182 white) aged 18-30 years who were free of diabetes and had a fasting plasma glucose (FPG) <126 mg/dl at baseline. Incident diabetes was diagnosed by self-report, diabetes medication use, FPG >or=126 mg/dl, and/or plasma glucose >or=200 mg/dl after a 2-h oral glucose load. Time-dependent interim birth groups were those with zero and those with one or more births with or without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), stratified by baseline parity. Complementary log-log models estimated relative hazards of incident diabetes by interim births adjusted for age, race, family history of diabetes, and baseline covariates (FPG, BMI, education, smoking, and physical activity). RESULTS: Of 193 incident diabetes cases in 42,782 person-years (4.5 cases/1,000 person-years), 84 (44%) had one or more interim births. Among nulliparas at baseline, incident rates per 1,000 person-years were 3.2 (95% CI 2.4-4.1) for those with no births, 2.9 (1.8-3.9) for one or more births without GDM, and 18.4 (10.9-25.9) for one or more births with GDM; adjusted relative hazards (95% CI) were 0.9 (0.6-1.4) for one or more births without GDM and 3.8 (2.2-6.6) for one or more births with GDM versus no births. CONCLUSIONS: Childbearing did not elevate diabetes incidence among those with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (without GDM). GDM conferred the highest risk of developing diabetes independent of family history of diabetes and preconception glycemia and obesity.
Effect of Fetal Growth on 1-Year Mortality in Neonates With Critical Congenital Heart Disease.; Background Infants with critical congenital heart disease ( CCHD ) are more likely to be small for gestational age (GA). It is unclear how this affects mortality. The authors investigated the effect of birth weight Z score on 1-year mortality separately in preterm (GA <37 weeks), early-term (GA 37-38 weeks), and full-term (GA 39-42 weeks) infants with CCHD . Methods and Results Live-born infants with CCHD and GA 22 to 42 weeks born in California 2007-2012 were included in the analysis. The primary predictor was Z score for birth weight and the primary outcome was 1-year mortality. Multivariable logistic regression was used. Results are presented as adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals ( CIs ). The authors identified 6903 infants with CCHD . For preterm and full-term infants, only a Z score for birth weight <-2 was associated with increased mortality compared with the reference group ( Z score 0-0.5, adjusted odds ratio, 2.15 [95% CI , 1.1-4.21] and adjusted odds ratio, 3.93 [95% CI , 2.32-6.68], respectively). In contrast, in early-term infants, the adjusted odds ratios for Z scores <-2, -2 to -1, and -1 to -0.5 were 3.42 (95% CI , 1.93-6.04), 1.78 (95% CI , 1.12-2.83), and 2.03 (95% CI , 1.27-3.23), respectively, versus the reference group. Conclusions GA seems to modify the effect of birth weight Z score on mortality in infants with CCHD . In preterm and full-term infants, only the most severe small-for-GA infants ( Z score <-2) were at increased risk for mortality, while, in early-term infants, the risk extended to mild to moderate small-for-GA infants ( Z score <-0.5). This information helps to identify high-risk infants and is useful for surgical planning.
The risk of metabolic syndrome after gestational diabetes mellitus - a hospital-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MetS) after delivery. Recently, the prevalence of both GDM and MetS has increased worldwide, in parallel with obesity. We investigated whether the presentation of MetS and its clinical features among women with previous GDM differs from that among those with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy, and whether excess body weight affects the results. METHODS: This hospital-based study of two cohorts was performed in Kanta-Häme Central Hospital, Finland. 120 women with a history of GDM and 120 women with a history of normal glucose metabolism during pregnancy, all aged between 25 and 46 were enrolled. They all underwent physical examination and had baseline blood samples taken. All 240 women were also included in subgroup analyses to study the effect of excess body weight on the results. RESULTS: Although the groups did not differ in body mass index (BMI; p = 0.069), the risk of developing MetS after pregnancy complicated by GDM was significantly higher than after normal pregnancy, 19 vs. 8 cases (p  =  0.039). Fasting glucose (p < 0.001) and triglyceride levels (p < 0.001) were significantly higher in women affected. In subgroup analysis, cardiovascular risk factors were more common in participants with high BMI than in those with previous gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: The risk of MetS was 2.4-fold higher after GDM than after normal pregnancy. Cardiovascular risk factors were more common in participants with high BMI than in those with previous GDM. Multivariate analysis supported the main findings. Weight control is important in preventing MetS after delivery.
The maternal and perinatal implications of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in a multiple pregnancy cohort.; INTRODUCTION: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are common and may result in increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Multiple pregnancies confer an increased risk of development of a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. The purpose of this study was to examine a large cohort of women delivering a multiple pregnancy in a single large tertiary unit, and to evaluate the implications of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy on both maternal and perinatal outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective study of all twin pregnancies delivered at Cork University Maternity Hospital, Ireland over a 9-year period (2009-2017). The twin pregnancies were divided according to the presence or absence of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and the two groups were compared. RESULTS: Maternal age >40 years, nulliparity, conception through use of a donor oocyte, and presence of obstetric cholestasis are all risk factors for the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with a multiple pregnancy. When a hypertensive disorder complicates a twin pregnancy, it increases the incidence of iatrogenic late prematurity and neonatal hypoglycemia. CONCLUSIONS: This study is informative for clinicians caring for women with a multiple pregnancy with its relevant data on perinatal outcomes following a diagnosis of hypertensive disorder in pregnancy.
Obesity and fetal-maternal outcomes.; In women Obesity has a significant impact on every aspect of female reproductive life both in terms of infertility and early pregnancy complications. It is linked to a number of adverse obstetric outcomes as well as increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. These complications include miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, iatrogenic preterm delivery, post-dates pregangy with increased rates of induction of labour, caesarian section and complications during and following operative procedures, post-partum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, infection, venous thromboembolism and increased hospital day. It is important to consider obese pregnant women as a high risk group with a linear increase in risk of complications associated with their degree of obesity.
Association of Gestational Diabetes With Subclinical Cardiovascular Disease.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased long-term risk of cardiovascular disease but the cardiovascular structural and functional changes that contribute to risk are not well understood. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine whether GDM is associated with adverse cardiac remodeling and endothelial dysfunction a decade after delivery, independent of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Women with deliveries between 2008 and 2009 were initially selected from a prospective clinical cohort. Pregnancy history was chart abstracted and a follow-up study visit was conducted at 8 to 10 years postpartum. Cardiac structure and function were assessed with echocardiography. Endothelial function was measured with peripheral arterial tonometry and glycocalyx analysis. RESULTS: Among 254 women assessed at an average age of 38 years, 53 (21%) had prior GDM. At follow-up, women with GDM had more incident prediabetes or diabetes (58% vs 20% without GDM), more impairment in peripheral arterial tonometry (reactive hyperemia 1.58 vs 1.95; P = 0.01) and reduced perfusion, a marker of glycocalyx assessment (red blood cell filling 0.70 ± 0.04 vs 0.72 ± 0.05; P < 0.01). Despite adjustment for demographic and reproductive characteristics, women with GDM had great septal wall thickness by 8% (95% CI: 2.3%-14.7%) and worse diastology with higher E/E' by 11% (95% CI: 1.1%-21.5%). After additional adjustment for diabetes and prediabetes, several parameters remained significantly impaired. CONCLUSIONS: Having GDM within the past decade was associated with more adverse cardiac structure/function and vascular endothelial function. Some, but not all, risks may be mediated through the development of prediabetes or type 2 diabetes. Enhanced preventive efforts are needed to mitigate cardiovascular risk among women with GDM.
Fetal echocardiography: a 9-year experience in Rajavithi Hospital (1999-2007 AD).; OBJECTIVE: To determine obstetric characteristics of pregnant women underwent fetal echocardiography (FE), details of FE and postnatal echocardiographic abnormality. MATERIAL AND METHOD: Between January 1, 1999 and December 31, 2007, pregnant women who had the indication for FE were examined at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Rajavithi Hospital. Standard obstetric ultrasonographic examinations such as fetal biometry, placental localization, and congenital anomaly were initially performed. Then, extensive fetal echocardiographic examination including conventional real time B-mode and Doppler color flow mapping were performed in the following views: four chamber five chamber right long axis, left ventricular long axis, aortic arch, ductal arch, and short axis view of great vessels and ventricles. RESULTS: Eight hundreds fifteen pregnant women were examined for FE (37 pairs of twin pregnancies but one pairs of them were single fetal demise and one triplet with a single fetal demise, so 852 fetuses were examined). The mean maternal and gestational ages at examination were 28.8 years and 27.3 weeks, respectively. The most common indication for FE was diabetes mellitus (25.6%). Percentages of abnormal and unsatisfied FE were 7.7% and 7.9%, respectively. The most common abnormal FE was generalized cardiomegaly (34.8%). Hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) was the most common cardiac abnormalities diagnosed by postnatal examination (16.6%). CONCLUSION: Percentage of abnormal FE were 7.7%, most of them were generalized cardiomegaly The most common indication for FE was diabetes mellitus (25.6%). The most common abnormal postnatal echocardiography was HLHS (16.6%).
[Effect of removal of the hypothalamus and pituitary gland from rat fetuses on the development of pancreatic B-cell function].; The reactivity of pancreatic B-cells of the decapitated and encephalectomized rat foetuses was determined by changes of insulin secretion in response to glucose introduction in the incubation medium. Upon removal of hypophysis together with hypothalamus in the intact rat females and females with alloxanic diabetes on the 17.5-18.5 day of prenatal development, their pancreas, unlike that of the control foetuses, remained refractory to glucose on the 21.5 day of development. The removal of hypothalamus only upon encephalectomy of the foetuses of the same age led to a similar effect, thus suggesting possible influence of hypothalamus on the regulation of functional maturation of the pancreatic B-cells in the end of prenatal development. Upon the combined incubation of pancreas fragments of the decapitated rat foetuses with adenohypophyses of the adult rats, the effect of decapitation was cut short and the gland responded by the increase of insulin secretion to the rise of glucose content in the medium.
[Possible perinatal determinants of morbidity in adult age].; Recently, several groups have studied the influence of possible noxious elements present in the intrauterine environment which may favor the development of several diseases in the adult. There is evidence of an increased prevalence of some disorders in special risk groups of fetuses. In the small for gestational age patient, a form of "programming" may occur which produce metabolic changes in the fetus in response to malnutrition. There are several other associations described, but in most of them the precise pathogenic mechanisms involved have not been elucidated. In this article we present evidence of several disorders which develop in the adult and their relationship with conditions during fetal life. Finally, we offer some recommendations to diminish these risks.
The Use of Machine Learning in MicroRNA Diagnostics: Current Perspectives.; MicroRNAs constitute small non-coding RNAs that play a pivotal role in regulating the translation and degradation of mRNA and have been associated with many diseases. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is an evolving cluster of interrelated fields, with machine learning (ML) standing out as one of the most prominent AI fields, with a plethora of applications in almost every aspect of human life. ML could be defined as computer algorithms that learn from past data to predict future data. This review comprehensively reviews the current applications of microRNA-based ML models in healthcare. The majority of the identified studies investigated the role of microRNA-based ML models in the management of cancer and specifically gastric cancer (maximum diagnostic accuracy (Accmax): 94%), pancreatic cancer (Accmax: 93%), colorectal cancer (Accmax: 100%), breast cancer (Accmax: 97%), ovarian cancer, neck squamous cell carcinoma, liver cancer, lung cancer (Accmax: 100%), and melanoma. Except for cancer, microRNA-based ML models have been applied for a plethora of other diseases, including ulcerative colitis (Accmax: 92.8%), endometriosis, gestational diabetes mellitus (Accmax: 86%), hearing loss, ischemic stroke, coronary heart disease (Accmax: 96%), tuberculosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension (Accmax: 83%), dementia (Accmax: 82.9%), major cardiovascular events in end-stage renal disease patients, and alcohol dependence (Accmax: 79.1%). Our findings suggest that the development of microRNA-based ML models could be used to enhance the diagnostic accuracy of a plethora of diseases while at the same time substituting or minimizing the use of more invasive diagnostic means (such as endoscopy). Even not as fast as anticipated, AI will eventually infiltrate the entire healthcare industry. AI is the key to a clinical practice where medicine's inherent complexity is embraced. Therefore, AI will become a reality that physicians should conform with to avoid becoming obsolete.
[Pregnancy in diabetic patients. A calculated risk].; In general, a diabetic woman may count upon delivering a healthy child--provided optimal antenatal care. Success or failure of pregnancy will in the individual case decisively depend on the experience and efforts of the attending physician. The directives for the care of pregnant diabetic women as practiced at the II. Univ.-Frauenklinik München are demonstrated.
Maternal Outcomes Associated With Lower Range Stage 1 Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate maternal and neonatal outcomes in healthy, nulliparous women classified with stage 1 hypertension under the revised American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association Guidelines and to evaluate the effects of low-dose aspirin on maternal and neonatal outcomes in this population. METHODS: We conducted a secondary analysis of data from a multicenter randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of low-dose aspirin for prevention of preeclampsia in nulliparous, low-risk women recruited between 13 and 25 weeks of gestation. Of the 3,134 nulliparous women enrolled in the original study, 2,947 women with singleton pregnancies and without missing data were included in this analysis. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment between 13 and 25 weeks of gestation and outcomes were adjudicated from the medical record. RESULTS: One hundred sixty-four participants were identified with lower range stage 1 hypertension (5.6%), systolic blood pressure 130-135 mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure 80-85 mm Hg, or both by the new American College of Cardiology-American Heart Association guidelines. Within the placebo group (n=1,482), women with stage 1 hypertension had a significantly increased incidence of preeclampsia compared with normotensive women, 15.3% (15/98) vs 5.4% (75/1,384) (relative risk 2.66, 95% CI 1.56-4.54, P<.001). Moreover, women with stage 1 hypertension had an increased incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (6.1% vs 2.5%, P=.03) and more indicated preterm deliveries (4.2% vs 1.1%, P=.01). Comparing women with stage 1 hypertension and normotensive women receiving low-dose aspirin during pregnancy (n=1,465), no differences in rates of preeclampsia (7.6% vs 4.4%, respectively, P=.2), gestational diabetes mellitus, or indicated preterm deliveries were observed. Rates of placenta abruption, small for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth did not differ significantly between groups. CONCLUSION: Application of the new American College of Cardiology-American Heart Association guidelines in a pregnant population identifies a cohort of women who are at increased risk for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm birth.
Care of the patient after valve intervention.; This review aims to outline the current evidence base and guidance for care of patients post-valve intervention. Careful follow-up, optimisation of medical therapy, antithrombotics, reduction of cardiovascular risk factors and patient education can help improve patient outcomes and quality of life. Those with mechanical valves should receive lifelong anticoagulation with a vitamin K antagonist but in certain circumstances may benefit from additional antiplatelet therapy. Patients with surgical bioprosthetic valves, valve repairs and transcatheter aortic valve implantation also benefit from antithrombotic therapy. Additionally, guideline-directed medical therapy for coexistent heart failure should be optimised. Cardiovascular risk factors such as hyperlipidaemia, hypertension and diabetes should be treated in the same way as those without valve intervention. Patients should also be encouraged to exercise regularly, eat healthily and maintain a healthy weight. Currently, there is not enough evidence to support routine cardiac rehabilitation in individuals post-valve surgery or intervention but this may be considered on a case-by-case basis. Women of childbearing age should be counselled regarding future pregnancy and the optimal management of their valve disease in this context. Patients should be educated regarding meticulous oral health, be encouraged to see their dentist regularly and antibiotics should be considered for high-risk dental procedures. Evidence shows that patients post-valve intervention or surgery are best treated in a dedicated valve clinic where they can undergo clinical review and surveillance echocardiography, be provided with heart valve education and have access to the multidisciplinary valve team if needed.
Postpartum counseling in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk across the lifespan. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Heart Association emphasize the postpartum period as an important opportunity to identify and intervene women at high risk of future cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the proportion of women with documented counseling on risks and transitions of care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at the postpartum visit. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective longitudinal descriptive study of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy who were enrolled in a text-based blood pressure program from September 2018 to February 2019. We abstracted counseling in the discharge summary and postpartum note from the electronic medical record. The primary outcome was counseling at the postpartum visit defined as documentation of (1) follow-up with primary care or cardiology, (2) risk of cardiovascular disease, or (3) recommendation for aspirin in a future pregnancy. We assessed demographic and clinical factors that may influence counseling through multivariable logistic regression. We also compared the proportion of women counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy vs contraception and glucose tolerance tests at the postpartum visit. RESULTS: Of 320 eligible women, most women had gestational hypertension or preeclampsia without severe features (64%). Postpartum visits were scheduled in our hospital system for 284 women, of whom 253 attended (89%). Documented counseling occurred for 62 women (25%). Counseling on follow-up with primary care or cardiology, cardiovascular disease risk, and aspirin in future pregnancies was documented for 51 (20%), 15 (6%), and 1 (0.4%), respectively. Only 1 woman had documented counseling on all 3 components. In multivariable analysis, black race remained an independent factor that increased the likelihood of counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 2.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.32-5.83). Women were significantly less likely to be counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than on contraceptives (99%, P<.001) or glucose tolerance testing after gestational diabetes mellitus (79%, P<.001). CONCLUSION: Postpartum counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy merits urgent improvement efforts among obstetrical care providers.
Markers of Cardiovascular Risk Associated with Pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The purpose of the review is to summarize the unique cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors encountered during pregnancy and to provide the reader with a framework for acquiring a comprehensive obstetric history during the cardiovascular (CV) assessment of women. RECENT FINDINGS: Individuals with a history of pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, low birth weight, and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy are at a higher risk of developing short- and long-term CV complications compared to those without adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Women with a history of APOs can be at increased risk of CVD even after achieving normoglycemia and normal blood pressure control postpartum. Risk assessment and stratification in women must account for these APOs as recommended by the 2019 American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association (AHA) guideline on the primary prevention of CVD. Early recognition, monitoring, and treatment of APOs are key to limiting CVD complications late in maternal life. Recognition of APOs as female-specific cardiovascular risk factors is critical for risk stratification for women and birthing persons. Further research is needed to understand the complex interplay between genetics, environmental, behavioral, and maternal vascular health, and the association between APOs and CVD risk.
Obesity and diabetes genes are associated with being born small for gestational age: results from the Auckland Birthweight Collaborative study.; BACKGROUND: Individuals born small for gestational age (SGA) are at increased risk of rapid postnatal weight gain, later obesity and diseases in adulthood such as type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. Environmental risk factors for SGA are well established and include smoking, low pregnancy weight, maternal short stature, maternal diet, ethnic origin of mother and hypertension. However, in a large proportion of SGA, no underlying cause is evident, and these individuals may have a larger genetic contribution. METHODS: In this study we tested the association between SGA and polymorphisms in genes that have previously been associated with obesity and/or diabetes. We undertook analysis of 54 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 546 samples from the Auckland Birthweight Collaborative (ABC) study. 227 children were born small for gestational age (SGA) and 319 were appropriate for gestational age (AGA). RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: The results demonstrated that genetic variation in KCNJ11, BDNF, PFKP, PTER and SEC16B were associated with SGA and support the concept that genetic factors associated with obesity and/or type 2 diabetes are more prevalent in those born SGA compared to those born AGA. We have previously determined that environmental factors are associated with differences in birthweight in the ABC study and now we have demonstrated a significant genetic contribution, suggesting that the interaction between genetics and the environment are important.
Intrahepatic and adrenal hemorrhage as a rare cause of neonatal anemia.; Vaginal delivery of the macrosomic fetus may result in hemorrhage of intra-abdominal organs. Mostly affected organs are the liver and adrenal glands. Hemorrhage of liver is usually occurs as a subcapsular hemorrhage and it is clinically presented an abdominal mass without symptoms of anemia. But intraparenchymal hemorrhage of liver is very rare and there is no sign of abdominal mass. However, in contrast to subcapsular hemorrhage, symptoms of anemia are rapidly developed in newborns. A macrosomic newborn by vaginal delivery at term. Within 6 h after delivery, the patient showed pallor without tachycardia and hypotension. In laboratory studies, hemoglobin level failed from 14 g/dL to 10 g/dL within 6 h. Physical examination revealed no signs of abdominal mass. Intraparenchymal hemorrhage in the sixth segment of liver and right adrenal hemorrhage were detected on the ultrasonographic scan. Hepatic function tests were normal in the whole follow-up period, and hemorrhage resolved within two weeks. Following months after discharge, adrenal hemorrhage also resolved without any complication. Hepatic hemorrhages, causing hemorrhagic anemia in neonates, usually occur in subcapsular form. Intraparenchymal hepatic hemorrhage should especially be considered in those newborns, which are rapidly developed symptoms of anemia without any abdominal mass.
Severe hypothyroidism caused by hepatic hemangioendothelioma in an infant of a diabetic mother.; Hemangioendotheliomas can express type 3 iodothyronine deiodinase and cause severe hypothyroidism. The risk of congenital malformations such as vertebral and cardiac abnormalities in infants of diabetic mothers is higher than in babies of healthy women. Here we report an infant of a diabetic mother with hypothyroidism caused by liver hemangioendothelioma. Consumptive hypothyroidism should be an indicator to search for a vascular tumor in infants. Supranormal doses of L-thyroxine might be required for normalization of thyroid function until the tumor involutes or is resected.
Postpartum complications increased in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at a higher risk of cardiometabolic and psychiatric comorbidities and preconception and antepartum complications, but the impact of polycystic ovary syndrome during the postpartum period is unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease complications and perinatal and postpartum depression. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study conducted using a United States insurance claims database. Women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome aged 18 to 50 years enrolled continuously in a single health plan during the preconception, antepartum, and postpartum periods between 2000 and 2016 were included. The primary outcome was postpartum cardiovascular disease and depression (perinatal and postpartum). Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for covariates including age, geographic location, preterm delivery, assisted reproductive technology use, multiple births, prepregnancy depression, prepregnancy diabetes, prepregnancy hypertension, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, obesity, history of hyperlipidemia, smoking, and race. RESULTS: We identified 42,391 unique women with polycystic ovary syndrome and 795,480 women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In multivariable models, women with polycystic ovary syndrome had significantly higher odds of cardiovascular disease complications, including postpartum preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.17-1.45), eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.45; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.86) cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.54), hypertensive heart disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32: 95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.64), thrombotic disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-1.87), congestive heart failure (adjusted odds ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-1.61), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.29), than those without polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as both perinatal (adjusted odds ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.22-1.33) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.36-1.57). Nonobese women with polycystic ovary syndrome had higher odds of postpartum eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio 1.72; 95% confidence interval, 1.31-2.26), peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.79), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 1.19-1.38) than nonobese women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In the group of women without prepregnancy depression, the odds of perinatal depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-1.39) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.39-1.62) were higher in women with polycystic ovary syndrome than those without polycystic ovary syndrome. CONCLUSION: In a large United States cohort, our study found that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk of both cardiovascular and psychiatric complications during the postpartum period. Polycystic ovary syndrome should be recognized as an at-risk condition; our findings underscore the need for routine screening and early interventions for these major comorbidities.
Are pregnancy outcomes associated with risk factor reporting in routinely collected perinatal data?; AIM: To assess reporting characteristics of commonly dichotomised pregnancy outcomes (e.g. preterm/term birth); and to investigate whether behaviours (e.g. smoking), medical conditions (e.g. diabetes) or interventions (e.g. induction) were reported differently by pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: Further analysis of a previous validation study was undertaken, in which 1680 perinatal records were compared with data extracted from medical records. Continuous and polytomous variables were dichotomised, and risk factor reporting was assessed within the dichotomised outcome groups. Agreement, kappa, sensitivity and positive predictive value calculations were undertaken. RESULTS: Gestational age, birthweight, Apgar scores, perineal trauma, regional analgesia and baby discharge status (live birth/stillbirth) were reported with high accuracy and reliability when dichotomised (kappa values 0.95-1.00, sensitivities 94.7-100.0%). Although not statistically significant, there were trends for hypertension, infant resuscitation and instrumental birth to be more accurately reported among births with adverse outcomes. In contrast, smoking ascertainment tended to be poorer among preterm births and when babies were <2500 g. CONCLUSION: Dichotomising variables collected as continuous or polytomous variables in birth data results in accurate and well ascertained data items. There is no evidence of systematic differential reporting of risk factors.
Pregestational diabetes induces fetal coronary artery malformation via reactive oxygen species signaling.; Hypoplastic coronary artery disease is a congenital coronary artery malformation associated with a high risk of sudden cardiac death. However, the etiology and pathogenesis of hypoplastic coronary artery disease remain undefined. Pregestational diabetes increases reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels and the risk of congenital heart defects. We show that pregestational diabetes in mice induced by streptozotocin significantly increased 4-hydroxynonenal production and decreased coronary artery volume in fetal hearts. Pregestational diabetes also impaired epicardial epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) as shown by analyses of the epicardium, epicardial-derived cells, and fate mapping. Additionally, the expression of hypoxia-inducible factor 1α (Hif-1α), Snail1, Slug, basic fibroblast growth factor (bFgf), and retinaldehyde dehydrogenase (Aldh1a2) was decreased and E-cadherin expression was increased in the hearts of fetuses of diabetic mothers. Of note, these abnormalities were all rescued by treatment with N-acetylcysteine (NAC) in diabetic females during gestation. Ex vivo analysis showed that high glucose levels inhibited epicardial EMT, which was reversed by NAC treatment. We conclude that pregestational diabetes in mice can cause coronary artery malformation through ROS signaling. This study may provide a rationale for further clinical studies to investigate whether pregestational diabetes could cause hypoplastic coronary artery disease in humans.
Incidence of hypertension, stroke, coronary heart disease, and diabetes in women who have delivered after in vitro fertilization: a population-based cohort study from Sweden.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the incidence of hypertension, stroke, coronary heart disease, and diabetes in women who have delivered after in vitro fertilization (IVF) with those who delivered after natural conception. DESIGN: A cohort study in Sweden between 1990 and 2008. SETTING: Sweden. PATIENT(S): 23,498 women who had given birth to a child after IVF and 116,960 individually matched women. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Incidence rates of hypertension, diabetes, stroke, and coronary heart disease in both groups. RESULT(S): Inpatient and outpatient diagnoses of hypertension, stroke, coronary heart disease, and diabetes were identified by linkage to the Swedish National Patient Register. The mean time of follow-up was 8.6 years in both groups. Multivariable analysis showed that hypertension had a higher incidence in IVF mothers with a hazard ratio (HR) of 1.27, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.13-1.41, as compared with mothers from the Medical Birth Register. There was a trend to a higher incidence of stroke (HR 1.27; 95% CI, 0.96-1.68), but the incidence of coronary heart disease and diabetes did not differ. CONCLUSION(S): Hypertension was more prevalent in the IVF group, which suggests that these women should be aware of their blood pressure and cardiovascular risk profile.
[Analysis of unsuccessful outcomes in a group of pregnancies with diabetes from the intensive care clinic of the Institute of Obstetrics and Gynecology in Poznan during the years 1988-1993].; In the present paper we analysed 416 diabetic pregnant women, treated in the Intensive Care Clinic--Poznań, between 1988-93. We found in this period 8 (1.93%) stillbirth, 6 (1.44%) perinatal deaths and 4 (0.96%) deaths in neonatal period. It was together 18 fetal and neonatal deaths, which gives 4.33 per cent of perinatal and neonatal mortality rate. Four newborns died because of RDS, 2 with congenital anomalies (pulmonary hypoplasia), 3 with heart defects and 1 with oesophagus anomaly. Only 3 diabetic pregnant women of the total 18, were under special care from the I trimester, and almost all been difficult to normalize the glycemia. Only in 6 cases this group glycemia profile was below 100 mg/dl, in other 8 cases this value was above 120 mg/dl. Unsuccessful outcomes mostly occurred in women with long--lasting diabetes and with vascular complications. This study prove, that despite substantial reduction of perinatal mortality rate in children of diabetic mothers, diabetes still is a cause of congenital anomalies, as well as fetal anoxia. Special adverse impact of diabetes on the development of the fetus is observed in long--lasting diabetes and uncontrolled metabolism.
Post-term pregnancy: should induction of labor be considered before 42 weeks?; OBJECTIVE: To determine the occurrence of maternal and fetal complications in low-risk pregnancies beyond 39 weeks and to re-evaluate the acceptable cut-off (42 weeks) for induction of labor. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 36 160 low-risk pregnancies with reliable dating of gestational age (last menstrual period and early ultrasound examination) were evaluated retrospectively for fetal and maternal complications, including non-progressive labor, cervical tear, retained placenta, postpartum hemorrhage, vacuum delivery, Cesarean section, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring and ante-, intra- and postpartum death. Pregnancy outcomes at different gestational ages were compared using univariate and multivariate analysis and receiver operator curves. RESULTS: The rates of non-progressive labor stage I and II, retained placenta, vacuum delivery, Cesarean section, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring were found to be significantly higher with increasing gestational age in the univariate analysis. These parameters were evaluated using multivariate analysis and the following were found to be significantly higher: non-progressive labor stage I and II, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section. Statistical analysis (receiver operator curves) showed that the most significant rise in the risk for non-progressive labor occurred after 42 completed weeks of gestation, and after 41 completed weeks for macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section. CONCLUSIONS: The rates of non-progressive labor stage I and II, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, macrosomia and Cesarean section were significantly higher with increasing gestational age. In order to decrease the rate of macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section, we suggest that induction of labor should be considered before 42 weeks.
Lowering of LDL cholesterol rather than moderate weight loss improves endothelium-dependent vasodilatation in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Effects of weight loss on vascular function are unknown. We compared, in the face of similar weight loss over 3-6 months, effects of orlistat (120 mg t.i.d., n = 23) and placebo (n = 24) on in vivo endothelial function in a high-risk group of obese (BMI 32.1 +/- 0.4 kg/m(2)) premenopausal nondiabetic women with a history of gestational diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Forearm blood flow responses to intra-arterial infusions of acetylcholine (ACh) and sodium nitroprusside (SNP), body composition, and serum lipids were determined before and after weight loss. RESULTS: Weight loss averaged 7.3 +/- 0.2 kg (8.3 +/- 0.1%) and 7.4 +/- 0.2 kg (8.2 +/- 0.1%) of initial body weight in the orlistat and placebo groups, respectively. Forearm and body compositions changed similarly in both groups. Responses to ACh increased by 41% to the low dose (5.9 +/- 0.6 vs. 8.3 +/- 0.3 for flow in the experimental/control arm, P < 0.01) and by 33% to the high dose (7.6 +/- 0.8 vs. 10.1 +/- 0.6, P < 0.001) in the orlistat group, but they remained unchanged in the placebo group. The blood flow responses to SNP did not differ significantly between the groups. LDL cholesterol decreased significantly in the orlistat group from 3.5 +/- 0.2 to 3.0 +/- 0.1 mmol/l (P < 0.01) but remained unchanged in the placebo group. Within the orlistat group, the decrease in LDL cholesterol correlated significantly with the improvement in the blood flow response to ACh (r = -0.44, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Orlistat but not moderate (8%) weight loss per se improves endothelial function in women with previous gestational diabetes. This improvement is associated with a lowering of LDL cholesterol by orlistat.
Adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal monocytes revealed by single-cell RNA sequencing.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the most prevalent metabolic disorder during pregnancy, has long-term risks of metabolic diseases in offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Here, we analyzed single-cell transcriptional data of cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMCs) from fetuses of healthy and GDM mothers, peripheral blood mononuclear cells from children and adolescents, and coronary plaques myeloid cells from atherosclerosis. Our results demonstrated that monocytes in cord blood were characterized with down-regulated proinflammatory-related pathways and up-regulated proliferation-related pathways. And monocytes in cord blood from GDM mothers were featured with expanded CXCL8+IL1B+ subclusters, enhanced crosstalk with neutrophil granulocytes and augmented adhesive and phagocytic abilities. Interestingly, CXCL8+IL1B+ monocytes influenced by GDM had transcriptome similarity with those of coronary plaques myeloid cells from individuals with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Collectively, our data reveal adverse impact of maternal GDM environment on fetal monocytes and propose potential mechanisms between maternal GDM and offspring atherosclerosis.
Classification of perinatal mortality.; A classification based upon pathophysiological mechanisms has been applied to perinatal mortality. The approximate relevance of each group was: fetal insufficiency 40%, respiratory failure 30%, developmental abnormality 20%, and the specific mechanisms 10%. Secondary subclassification of each category according to the maturity of the gestation emphasizes the importance of prematurity in the total perinatal mortality (66%) and the relevance of each pathophysiological mechanism in each phase of maturity. The principal mechanism in the mature group is fetal insufficiency and in the premature group, particularly between 20 and 28 weeks, it is neonatal respiratory failure. Perinatal death due to developmental abnormalities occurs most frequently in the mature infant and due to specific mechanisms in the premature infant, particularly between 29 and 36 weeks. It is suggested that greater emphasis should be placed on perinatal mortality rather than the separate consideration of stillbirth and neonatal mortality.
Sex differences in LXR expression in normal offspring and in rats born to diabetic dams.; Gestational diabetes (GD) alters normal fetal development and is related to a diabetogenic effect in the progeny. Liver X receptors (LXRs) are considered to be potential drug targets for the regulation, treatment, or prevention of diabetes. The aim of this study was to evaluate early and late changes of LXR in the hippocampus and hypothalamus of the male and female offspring of control (CO) and diabetic (DO) mothers. We used an experimental model of streptozotocin-induced GD to assess the protein expression of LXRα (NR1H3) and LXRβ (NR1H2) by western blotting. The tissues were obtained from CO and DO animals at postnatal day 1 (1D), day 10 (10D), and day 35 (35D) and 9 months (9M). In CO, the LXR expression showed significant differences among the groups, which were tissue- and receptor-specific (P<0.05). Sex differences in CO were found only in the hypothalamus for LXRβ expression at 35D and 9M (P<0.05). When CO and DO were compared, differences between them were observed in the majority of the studied groups at 1D (male hippocampus, LXRα 31% and LXRβ 161%; female hippocampus, LXRβ 165%; male hypothalamus, LXRβ 182%; and female hypothalamus, LXRα 85%; P<0.05). However, these differences disappeared later with the exception of LXRβ expression in the male hypothalamus (P<0.05). The area under the curve during the glucose tolerance test correlated negatively with LXRβ in CO but not in DO animals. Moreover, in a male DO subpopulation this correlation was positive as it occurs in intolerant animals. These results indicate that GD affects hypothalamic LXR expression differently in male and female offspring.
[Early-onset diabetic coronary macroangiopathy in young diabetes: two case reports].; Macroangiopathy is multifactorial. It is more severe and frequent in association with nephropathy in diabetes mellitus (DM), being the first cause of mortality in both types of DM. Nevertheless, it is poorly understood in young patients. We report on 2 young diabetic patients with early-onset coronary disease. Case 1, 40 yo, Caucasian, female, type 2 DM for 21 y: treated with sulphonylureas until 25 y, she was switched to insulin upon becoming pregnant. Preeclampsia ensued, but no premature delivery occurred. Macroproteinuria remained (0.99 g/24 h), and she progressed to renal failure (clearance 52.7 mg/min) (conservative treatment). At age 36, she had an acute myocardial infarction. Severe tri-arterial disease was diagnosed, and coronary bypass grafting (CABG) performed. Case 2, 34 yo, black, female, type 1 DM for 24 y: diagnosed by diabetic ketoacidosis. Due to poor metabolic control (HbA1c chronically above 4 points beyond upper limit for normal) she progressed to microalbuminuria (0.26 g/24 h) at age 22, after pregnancy. Macroproteinuria (1.7 g/24 h) ensued after a second pregnancy. At 31 y, she presented with stable angina. After coronary angiography, CABG was indicated. These two cases of macroangiopathy in patients diagnosed with DM at an early age show acceleration in the development of coronary disease, suggesting aggressive multifactorial approach of related risk factors from the beginning, regardless of its etiology.
Stroke vs. Preeclampsia: Dangerous Liaisons of Hypertension and Pregnancy.; Stroke during pregnancy and preeclampsia are two distinct but interrelated medical conditions, sharing a common denominator-blood control failure. Along with cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and hypercoagulability, hypertension is undoubtedly a major risk factor associated with stroke. Even though men have higher age-specific stroke rates, women are facing higher life-long stroke risk, primarily due to longer life expectancy. Sex hormones, especially estrogen and testosterone, seem to play a key link in the chain of blood pressure control differences between the genders. Women affected with stroke are more susceptible to experience some atypical stroke manifestations, which might eventually lead to delayed diagnosis establishment, and result in higher morbidity and mortality rates in the population of women. Preeclampsia is a part of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy spectrum, and it is common knowledge that women with a positive history of preeclampsia are at increased stroke risk during their lifetime. Preeclampsia and stroke display similar pathophysiological patterns, including hypertension, endothelial dysfunction, dyslipidemia, hypercoagulability, and cerebral vasomotor reactivity abnormalities. High-risk pregnancies carrying the burden of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy have up to a six-fold higher chance of suffering from stroke. Resemblance shared between placental and cerebral vascular changes, adaptations, and sophisticated auto-regulatory mechanisms are not merely coincidental, but they reflect distinctive and complex cardiovascular performances occurring in the maternal circulatory system during pregnancy. Placental and cerebral malperfusion appears to be in the midline of both of these conditions; placental malperfusion eventually leads to preeclampsia, and cerebral to stoke. Suboptimal performances of the cardiovascular system are proposed as a primary cause of uteroplacental malperfusion. Placental dysfunction is therefore designated as a secondary condition, initiated by the primary disturbances of the cardiovascular system, rather than an immunological disorder associated with abnormal trophoblast invasion. In most cases, with properly and timely applied measures of prevention, stroke is predictable, and preeclampsia is a controllable condition. Understanding the differences between preeclampsia and stroke in pregnancy is vital for healthcare providers to enhance their clinical decision-making strategies, improve patient care, and promote positive maternal and pregnancy outcomes. Management approaches for preeclampsia and stroke require a multidisciplinary approach involving obstetricians, neurologists, and other healthcare professionals.
Hypertension in pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Hypertension in pregnancy contributes substantially to perinatal mortality and morbidity of both the mother and her child. High blood pressure is mainly responsible for this adverse outcome, in particular when associated with preeclampsia. Although preeclampsia is nowadays a well-known clinical-obstetrical entity, and screening for this complication has been part of routine care during pregnancy for nearly 100 years, its cause is still enigmatic. RECENT FINDINGS: Profound changes of the demographic development of our society, the worldwide rising prevalence of obesity and metabolic disorders, and progress in reproductive medicine will inevitably modify the prevalence of many medical problems in pregnancy. Complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, and preeclampsia will rise and an interdisciplinary approach is necessary to handle these women during pregnancy and also after delivery. Indeed, it is now well established that these women and their offspring born large or small-for-gestational age are at increased risk for severe cardiovascular and metabolic complications later in life. SUMMARY: Knowledge of the pregnancy course is not only important for an obstetrician but also increasingly inevitable for the general practitioner. Recognition, classification, and adequate management of hypertensive pregnancy disorders and associated complications may considerably reduce perinatal death and morbidity.
Rates of obstetric intervention during birth and selected maternal and perinatal outcomes for low risk women born in Australia compared to those born overseas.; BACKGROUND: There are mixed reports in the literature about obstetric intervention and maternal and neonatal outcomes for migrant women born in resource rich countries. The aim of this study was to compare the risk profile, rates of obstetric intervention and selected maternal and perinatal outcomes for low risk women born in Australia compared to those born overseas. METHOD: A population-based descriptive study was undertaken in NSW of all singleton births recorded in the NSW Midwives Data Collection between 2000-2008 (n=691,738). Risk profile, obstetric intervention rates and selected maternal and perinatal outcomes were examined. RESULTS: Women born in Australia were slightly younger (30 vs 31 years), less likely to be primiparous (41% vs 43%), three times more likely to smoke (18% vs 6%) and more likely to give birth in a private hospital (26% vs 18%) compared to women not born in Australia. Among the seven most common migrant groups to Australia, women born in Lebanon were the youngest, least likely to be primiparous and least likely to give birth in a private hospital. Hypertension was lowest amongst Vietnamese women (3%) and gestational diabetes highest amongst women born in China (14%). The highest caesarean section (31%), instrumental birth rates (16%) and episiotomy rates (32%) were seen in Indian women, along with the highest rates of babies <10th centile (22%) and <3rd centile (8%). Lebanese women had the highest rates of stillbirth (7.2/1000). Similar trends were found in the different migrant groups when only low risk women were included. CONCLUSION: The results suggest there are significant differences in risk profiles, obstetric intervention rates and maternal and neonatal outcomes between Australian-born and women born overseas and these differences are seen overall and in low risk populations. The finding that Indian women (the leading migrant group to Australia) have the lowest normal birth rate and high rates of low birth weight babies is concerning, and attention needs to be focused on why there are disparities in outcomes and on effective models of care that might improve outcomes for this population.
Proteomics and bioinformatics analysis of cardiovascular related proteins in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Previous studies have demonstrated that exposed to the initial suboptimal intrauterine environment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. METHODS: In order to investigate the underlying mechanisms involved in the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in the offspring of GDM, we applied a high-throughput proteomics approach to compare the proteomic expression profile of human umbilical vessels of normal and GDM offspring. RESULTS: A total of significantly different 100 proteins were identified in umbilical vessels from GDM group compared with normal controls, among which 31 proteins were up-regulated, while 69 proteins were down-regulated. Differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) are validated using Western blotting analysis. The analysis of these differently expressed proteins (DEPs) related diseases and functions results, performed by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis (IPA) software. Based on "Diseases and Disorders" analysis, 17 proteins (ACTA2, ADAR, CBFB, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, FGG, GLS, GSTM1, HBB, PGM3, PPP1R13L, S100A8, SLC12A4, TPP2, VCAN) were described to be associated with CVD, especially in Anemia, Thrombus and Myocardial infarction. Functional analysis indicated that DEPs involved in many cardiovascular functions, especially in "vasoconstriction of blood vessel" (related DEPs: ACTA2, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, and FGG). Upstream regulator analyses of DEPs identifies STAT3 as inhibitor of ACTA2, FGA, FGB, and FGG. CONCLUSION: The results of this study indicate that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular risk in the offspring.
Cardiovascular Complications Associated With COVID-19 During Delivery Hospitalizations in Pandemic Year 2020.; BACKGROUND: Persons with COVID-19 infection have an increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. However, data on acute cardiovascular (CV) complications during delivery admissions remain limited. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine whether pregnant individuals with COVID-19 have an increased risk of acute peripartum CV complications during their delivery admission. METHODS: This population-based retrospective cohort study used the 2020 National Inpatient Sample database. The International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision codes were used to identify delivery admissions with a diagnosis of COVID-19. A multivariable logistic regression model was performed to determine the association between COVID-19 and acute peripartum CV complications at delivery. RESULTS: A total of 3,458,691 weighted delivery admissions were identified, of which 1.3% were among persons with COVID-19 (n = 46,375). Persons with COVID-19 were younger (median 28 vs 29 years, P < 0.01) and had a higher prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm births, and Cesarean delivery (P < 0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, COVID-19 remained independently associated with peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.33 [95% CI, 1.29-1.37]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR: 2.09 [1.54-2.84]), acute coronary syndrome (aOR: 12.94 [8.85-18.90]), and arrhythmias (aOR: 1.55 [1.45-1.67]), compared with no COVID-19. Likewise, the risks of in-hospital mortality, acute kidney injury, stroke, pulmonary edema, and venous thromboembolism were higher with COVID-19. For resource utilization, the cost of hospitalization ($5,374 vs $4,837, P < 0.01) was higher for deliveries among persons with COVID-19. CONCLUSIONS: In the year 2020, pregnant persons with COVID-19 had a higher risk of preeclampsia, in-hospital mortality, and other serious CV complication during delivery hospitalizations compared to pregnant individuals without COVID-19.
Altered gene expression in rat cranial neural crest cells exposed to a teratogenic glucose concentration in vitro: paradoxical downregulation of antioxidative defense genes.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic pregnancy is associated with increased risk of malformation in the infant. Diabetes-induced anomalies of the face and heart are strongly correlated with neural crest cell (NCC) maldevelopment. We aimed to study glucose-induced alterations of mRNA levels in cranial and trunk NCCs isolated from rat embryos with increased risk of developing mandibular and cardiac malformations in diabetic pregnancy. METHODS: Inbred Sprague-Dawley rat embryos were used for NCC isolation from neural tube explants. The migrating cells were exposed to 5.5 or 30 mmol/l glucose concentration for 48 hr, harvested, and prepared for gene expression measurement by RT-PCR or immunostaining with either distal-less (Dlx) or AP-2-α antibodies. RESULTS: Evaluation of the immunostained slides showed that approximately 75% of the cells were of NCC origin. Exposure to 30 mM glucose decreased mRNA levels of Copper-Zinc superoxide dismutase, manganese superoxide dismutase, extracellular superoxide dismutase, Catalase, Gpx-1, Nrf2, poly-ADP ribose polymerase, B-cell leukemia/lymphoma protein 2, and β-Catenin genes in cranial neural crest explant cultures. In addition, Pax-3, Pax-6, Wnt3a, and Apc mRNA levels were decreased by high glucose exposure in both cranial and trunk neural crest explant cultures. CONCLUSION: Cranial NCCs diminish their mRNA levels of antioxidative enzymes and the Nrf2 response factor, as well as the antiapoptotic B-cell leukemia/lymphoma protein 2 gene, in response to increased ambient glucose concentration. Furthermore, both cranial and trunk NCC decrease the mRNA levels of the transcription factors Pax-3 and Pax-6, as well as key components of the Wnt pathway. These patterns of glucose-altered gene expression in a developmentally important cell population may be of etiological importance for NCC-associated malformations in diabetic pregnancy.
Auditory evoked responses in the human fetus. II. Modifications observed during labor.; The author presents his observations made on the behavior of an auditory evoked response of the human fetus during labor, elicited by a standardized sound stimulus at 1500 cycles/second. The method was applied to 233 women during labor and the pattern of responses evoked by sound stimulation was studied in all clinical conditions present in this high-risk population. A fair number of observations was made on vigorous/depressed newborns by Apgar rating, in the presence of definite cardiotocographic signals of fetal distress, in cases of intact or ruptured membranes, in cephalo-pelvic disproportion, in the presence of maternal risk factors, in cases of cord entaglement, in cases of meconium present in amniotic fluid, in intra-uterine growth retardation, hypertensive disease of pregnancy, and in familial and class A diabetes. A significant decrease in the response to sound stimulation was observed in cases of fetuses born in a depressed condition, after more than 2 hours following membrane rupture, in the presence of maternal obstetric risk factors, and in cases of hypertension in pregnancy. Women with intra-uterine growth retardation and cephalo-pelvic disproportion presented smaller changes and in cases of umbilical cord entaglement, presence of meconium in amniotic fluid and with history of familial or class A diabetes, no differences in the patterns of responses to sound stimulation as compared with normal could be observed. The author observed a good correlation between the auditory evoked response and fetal conditions during the course of labor and suggests that this method should be further developed as a simple method of evaluating the cerebral function of the unborn human fetus. In the first published part of this study (19) we described the modifications in the auditory evoked response of the human fetus caused by the progress of labor. A closer scrutiny of our data revealed the influence of several other factors acting upon the pattern of fetal response to sound stimulation. The present paper describes studies on those factors influencing the behavior of the human fetus following sound stimulation.
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators: Primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease.; OBJECTIVE: To define pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators and their association with developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD), and to provide guidance on how primary care providers can help lower future CVD risk through early identification and intervention. SOURCES OF INFORMATION: Primary research sources, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and clinical review articles. MAIN MESSAGE: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women. As underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a baby with intrauterine growth restriction, or placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. CONCLUSION: Women with 1 or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and have formalized postpartum follow-up, including a thorough history, a physical examination, biochemical screening, counseling around lifestyle modification, and possible therapeutic intervention. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
Preconception Cardiovascular Risk Factor Differences Between Gestational Hypertension and Preeclampsia: Cohort Norway Study.; Preconception predictors of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia may identify opportunities for early detection and improve our understanding of the pathogenesis and life course epidemiology of these conditions. Female participants in community-based Cohort Norway health surveys, 1994 to 2003, were prospectively followed through 2012 via record linkages to Medical Birth Registry of Norway. Analyses included 13 217 singleton pregnancies (average of 1.59 births to 8321 women) without preexisting hypertension. Outcomes were gestational hypertension without proteinuria (n=237) and preeclampsia (n=429). Mean age (SD) at baseline was 27.9 years (4.5), and median follow-up was 4.8 years (interquartile range 2.6-7.8). Gestational hypertension and preeclampsia shared several baseline risk factors: family history of diabetes mellitus, pregravid diabetes mellitus, a high total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio (>5), overweight and obesity, and elevated blood pressure status. For preeclampsia, a family history of myocardial infarction before 60 years of age and elevated triglyceride levels (≥1.7 mmol/L) also predicted risk while physical activity was protective. Preterm preeclampsia was predicted by past-year binge drinking (≥5 drinks on one occasion) with an adjusted odds ratio of 3.7 (95% confidence interval 1.3-10.8) and by past-year physical activity of ≥3 hours per week with an adjusted odds ratio of 0.5 (95% confidence interval 0.3-0.8). The results suggest similarities and important differences between gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preterm preeclampsia. Modifiable risk factors could be targeted for improving pregnancy outcomes and the short- and long-term sequelae for mothers and offspring.
Endothelial dysfunction in obesity and insulin resistance: a road to diabetes and heart disease.; Obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction closely coexist throughout the natural history of type 2 diabetes. They all can be identified not only in people with type 2 diabetes, but also in various groups at risk for the disease, such as individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, family history of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, prior gestational diabetes, or polycystic ovary syndrome. Whereas their evident association cannot fully establish a cause-effect relationship, fascinating mechanisms that bring them closer together than ever before are rapidly emerging. Central or abdominal obesity leads to insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction through fat-derived metabolic products, hormones, and cytokines. Insulin resistance leads to endothelial dysfunction through the frequent association with traditional cardiovascular risk factors and through some more direct novel mechanisms. Some specific and shared insulin signaling abnormalities in muscle, fat, and endothelial cells, as well as some new genetic and nontraditional factors, may contribute to this interesting association. Some recent clinical studies demonstrate that nonpharmacological and pharmacological strategies targeting obesity and/or insulin resistance ameliorate endothelial function and low-grade inflammation. All these findings have added a new dimension to the association of obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction that may become a key target in the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Beyond Weight Loss: A Comprehensive Review of Pregnancy Management following Bariatric Procedures.; The increasing prevalence of bariatric surgery among women of childbearing age raises critical questions about the correct management of pregnancy following these procedures. This literature review delves into the multifaceted considerations surrounding pregnancy after bariatric surgery, with a particular focus on the importance of preconception counselling, appropriate nutrition assessment, and the necessity of correct folic acid supplementation. Key areas of investigation include nutrient absorption challenges, weight gain during pregnancy, and potential micronutrient deficiencies. Examining the relationship between bariatric surgery and birth defects, particularly heart and musculoskeletal issues, uncovers a twofold increase in risk for women who underwent surgery before pregnancy, with the risk emphasized before folic acid fortification. In contrast, a nationwide study suggests that infants born to mothers with bariatric surgery exhibit a reduced risk of major birth defects, potentially associated with improved glucose metabolism. In addition, this review outlines strategies for managing gestational diabetes and other pregnancy-related complications in individuals with a history of bariatric surgery. By synthesizing existing literature, this paper aims to provide healthcare providers with a comprehensive framework for the correct management of pregnancy in this unique patient population, promoting the health and well-being of both mother and child.
Pregnancy Complications and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease Later in Life: A Nationwide Cohort Study.; Background The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalizations of cardiovascular disease (CVD) after adjustment for major confounding. Methods and Results In a nationwide register-based cohort study, women with singleton births between 1973 and 2014 were included from the Swedish Medical Birth Register. Outcomes of mortality and hospitalizations of CVD were collected from the Cause of Death Register and the National Inpatient Register. The cohort was followed from the date of the first delivery until death or end of follow-up, whichever occurred first. The pregnancy complications studied were preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Among the 2 134 239 women (mean age at first pregnancy, 27.0 [SD, 5.1] and mean parity 1.96 [SD, 0.9]), 19.1% (N=407 597) had 1 of the studied pregnancy complications. All pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalization for CVD (ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease) after adjustment for major confounding in a Cox proportional hazard regression model. The adjusted hazard ratio for cardiovascular mortality was 1.84 (95% CI, 1.38-2.44) for preterm birth and 3.14 (95% CI, 1.81-5.44) for stillbirth. Conclusions In this large cohort study, pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and hospitalizations for CVD, also after adjusting for confounding, including overweight, smoking, and comorbidities. The study highlights that less established pregnancy complications such as preterm birth and stillbirth are also associated with cardiovascular mortality and CVD.
The Spectrum of Pregnancy-Associated Heart Failure Phenotypes: An Echocardiographic Study.; Compare echocardiographic phenotypes of women presenting with peripartum heart failure. A retrospective case-control study of pregnant women (n = 86) presenting with PP-HF symptoms (i.e., dyspnea, PND, orthopnea) and objective examination and laboratory findings (lung congestion, elevated JVP and/or HJR, elevated brain natriuretic peptide [BNP] and pulmonary edema on chest X-ray). Three distinct phenotypes based on echocardiographically-defined LVEF were identified: (a) PP-HF with preserved ejection fraction (PP HFpEF, LVEF: > 50%); (b) PP-HF with midrange ejection fraction (PP HFmrEF, LVEF: 40-50%); c) PP-HF with reduced ejection fraction (PP HFrEF, LVEF: < 40%); these were compared with 17 pregnant subjects without PP-HF symptoms/findings. Most patients were African American (n = 63; 73%), with low prevalence of hypertension (n = 15, 17%) or diabetes mellitus (n = 5, 5%); pre-eclampsia was highly prevalent (n = 52, 60%). Echocardiographically-defined phenotypes (HFpEF, n = 37; HFmrEF, n = 18; HFrEF, n = 31) showed progressively worse abnormalities in LV remodeling (LV enlargement, LV hypertrophy), LV diastolic function, and right ventricular function; the three PP-HF groups had comparable abnormalities in increased left atrial size and estimated peak tricuspid valve regurgitation velocity. Compared to controls, all three groups had significantly increased filling pressures, LV mass index and left atrial volume index. Peripartum women presenting with the clinical syndrome of heart failure exhibit a spectrum of echocardiographic phenotypes. Significant abnormalities in LV structure, diastolic function, LA size, peak TR velocity and RV function were identified in women with preserved and mid-range EFs, suggesting pregnancy-related cardiac pathophysiologic derangements.
Macrophage colony-stimulating factor (M-CSF) in first trimester maternal serum: correlation with pathologic pregnancy outcome.; PURPOSE: To determine correlations between macrophage colony-stimulating factor (MCSF) levels in maternal blood during first trimester screening with respect to normal and pathological pregnancies. METHODS: This was a prospective single centre study. First trimester screening was performed according to FMF London certificates. Nuchal translucency, PAPP-A and free β-HCG were obtained as well as M-CSF serum levels in maternal blood. Fetal karyotyping was achieved by chorionic villi sampling. RESULTS: 125 patients were enrolled in this study. 21 pregnancies had confirmed aberrant karyotypes. Trisomy 21 cases showed significantly elevated M-CSF levels of 270 ± 91 pg/ml (p = 0.032), whereas cases of trisomy 13 (183 ± 68 pg/ml) and trisomy 18 (143 ± 40 pg/ml) had low M-CSF levels. Furthermore M-CSF levels tended to be low in preterm deliveries, placental insufficiency and nicotine consumption. In cases with gestational diabetes M-CSF tended to be elevated. Furthermore we found a positive correlation between high free β-human chorionic gonadotropin (hcg) and MCSF values. There was no correlation between pregnancy associated plasma protein (PAPP-A) and M-CSF. CONCLUSIONS: M-CSF is a cytokine promoting placental growth and differentiation. M-CSF is known to be involved in the process of implantation in pregnancy. The role of M-CSF with respect to disturbed pregnancy outcomes such as placental insufficiency in normal or aberrant karyotypes, for example, is yet subject to further research.
Long-term consequences of maternal overweight in pregnancy on offspring later health: findings from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity has reached epidemic proportions worldwide. Maternal obesity has consequences for the offspring's later health. Only few studies have focused upon the long-term consequences of maternal obesity on the offspring's later health. METHODS: A total of 13,345 men and women born in Helsinki during 1934-44 belonging to the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study were included in the study. Data on maternal weight and height in late pregnancy were available from hospital records. Using validated national registers we report on the following outcomes in relation to maternal BMI: death, cancer, coronary heart disease, stroke, and diabetes among the offspring. RESULTS: Maternal BMI was positively associated with each of the later health outcomes of the offspring. The associations were strongest for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The association with type 2 diabetes was stronger in women. DISCUSSION: Our findings stress the importance of early prevention of overweight and obesity in women of child-bearing age.
Exploring the Influence of Fetal Sex on Heart Rate Dynamics Using Fetal Magnetocardiographic Recordings.; Fetal sex has been associated with different development trajectories that cause structural and functional differences between the sexes throughout gestation. Fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG) recordings from 123 participants (64 females and 59 males; one recording/participant) from a database consisting of low-risk pregnant women were analyzed to explore and compare fetal development trajectories of both sexes. The gestational age of the recordings ranged from 28 to 38 weeks. Linear metrics in both the time and frequency domains were applied to study fetal heart rate variability (fHRV) measures that reveal the dynamics of short- and long-term variability. Rates of linear change with GA in these metrics were analyzed using general linear model regressions with assessments for significantly different variances and GA regression slopes between the sexes. The fetal sexes were well balanced for GA and sleep state. None of the fHRV measures analyzed exhibited significant variance heterogeneity between the sexes, and none of them exhibited a significant sex-by-GA interaction. The absence of a statistically significant sex-by-GA interaction on all parameters resulted in none of the regression slope estimates being significantly different between the sexes. With high-precision fMCG recordings, we were able to explore the variation in fHRV parameters as it relates to fetal sex. The fMCG-based fHRV parameters did not show any significant difference in rates of change with gestational age between sexes. This study provides a framework for understanding normal development of the fetal autonomic nervous system, especially in the context of fetal sex.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. METHODS: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. RESULTS: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82-2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32-1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74-4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48-3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31-4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57-1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74-0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88-2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12-1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38-3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22-1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12-1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57-1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25-1.85). CONCLUSION: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index.
Clinical aspects of the relationship between oral contraceptives, abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism, and the development of cardiovascular disease.; Although large epidemiologic studies indicated no difference in the frequency of diabetes mellitus in nonusers and everusers of high-dose combination oral contraceptives, other studies had shown an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance in current users, which is estimated to be roughly twice as frequent as that in nonusers. Women at risk of developing impaired glucose tolerance while receiving high-dose oral contraceptives either had previous gestational diabetes mellitus or were older, obese, or had a positive family history of diabetes mellitus. The tendency to decreased glucose tolerance seems essentially related to the dosage and chemical structure of the progestogen used in oral contraceptives, namely, estrane and particularly gonane progestins. However, increased frequency of impaired glucose tolerance and potentially diabetes mellitus are obviously not linked to the use of the more potent gonane progestins. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives, particularly with reduced progestogen content (such as in the triphasic formulations and last-generation monophasic preparations), is accompanied by a low risk of impaired glucose tolerance, even in previous gestational diabetes mellitus. The mechanism of decreased glucose tolerance in oral contraceptive users is unknown but seems related partially to increased peripheral resistance that is potentially caused by a postreceptor defect in insulin action. Changes in insulin production or metabolic clearance rate are not excluded by recent, sophisticated investigations of carbohydrate metabolism in oral contraceptive users. Impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus, chronic hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia are believed to increase atherogenic risk either by their direct action or their effects on lipid metabolism. Newer epidemiologic studies now indicate that the incidence of cardiovascular disease in low-dose, low-risk, current oral contraceptive users has been substantially decreased. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives with reduced dosages of better adapted progestogens seems effective in decreasing alterations in carbohydrate metabolism and may thereby contribute to decrease further atherogenic risk in oral contraceptive users.
Comparative effects of chronic exposure to glucose or sodium butyrate on surfactant development in fetal rabbits.; BACKGROUND: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) often have delayed lung development and are thus at an increased risk of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS). Both hyperglycemia and/or hyperinsulinemia have been implicated in this delay but the precise mechanism has not been clarified. Another metabolite, sodium butyrate, which is increased in IDM has been shown to decrease surfactant production in vitro but its effects on the development of the fetal lung surfactant system in vivo have not been studied. AIM: To investigate the in vivo effects of high glucose and sodium butyrate treatment on maternal and fetal glucose and insulin levels and on fetal lung surfactant maturation using timed-pregnant New Zealand White rabbits. METHODS: On the 24th day of gestation the doe was implanted s.c. with time release pellets containing either glucose (300 mg), sodium butyrate (200 mg) or matching placebo. On the 27th or 30th day maternal (ear vein) and fetal (cardiac puncture) blood samples were drawn for glucose and insulin determinations. Fetal surfactant pools (both intra- and extracellular) were quantitatively harvested using differential and density gradient centrifugation and their phospholipid profiles determined. Data were statistically compared with ANOVA and Duncan's Multiple Range Test. RESULTS: Neither glucose nor sodium butyrate affected maternal plasma glucose or insulin. Both metabolites significantly increased fetal plasma insulin, decreased fetal plasma glucose but did not delay any of the parameters of surfactant maturation examined. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal hyperinsulinemia, whether attained by prolonged exposure to elevated glucose or sodium butyrate in vivo does not appear to be the causative agent for delayed lung maturity which frequently occurs in infants of diabetic mothers.
Obstetrical outcomes and maternal morbidities associated with COVID-19 in pregnant women in France: A national retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: To the best of our knowledge, no study has exhaustively evaluated the association between maternal morbidities and Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) during the first wave of the pandemic in pregnant women. We investigated, in natural conceptions and assisted reproductive technique (ART) pregnancies, whether maternal morbidities were more frequent in pregnant women with COVID-19 diagnosis compared to pregnant women without COVID-19 diagnosis during the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data in a national cohort of all hospitalizations for births ≥22 weeks of gestation in France from January to June 2020 using the French national hospitalization database (PMSI). Pregnant women with COVID-19 were identified if they had been recorded in the database using the ICD-10 (International Classification of Disease) code for presence of a hospitalization for COVID-19. A total of 244,645 births were included, of which 874 (0.36%) in the COVID-19 group. Maternal morbidities and adverse obstetrical outcomes among those with or without COVID-19 were analyzed with a multivariable logistic regression model adjusted on patient characteristics. Among pregnant women, older age (31.1 (±5.9) years old versus 30.5 (±5.4) years old, respectively, p < 0.001), obesity (0.7% versus 0.3%, respectively, p < 0.001), multiple pregnancy (0.7% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.001), and history of hypertension (0.9% versus 0.3%, respectively, p < 0.001) were more frequent with COVID-19 diagnosis. Active smoking (0.2% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.001) and primiparity (0.3% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.03) were less frequent with COVID-19 diagnosis. Frequency of ART conception was not different between those with and without COVID-19 diagnosis (p = 0.28). When compared to the non-COVID-19 group, women in the COVID-19 group had a higher frequency of admission to ICU (5.9% versus 0.1%, p < 0.001), mortality (0.2% versus 0.005%, p < 0.001), preeclampsia/eclampsia (4.8% versus 2.2%, p < 0.001), gestational hypertension (2.3% versus 1.3%, p < 0.03), postpartum hemorrhage (10.0% versus 5.7%, p < 0.001), preterm birth at <37 weeks of gestation (16.7% versus 7.1%, p < 0.001), <32 weeks of gestation (2.2% versus 0.8%, p < 0.001), <28 weeks of gestation (2.4% versus 0.8%, p < 0.001), induced preterm birth (5.4% versus 1.4%, p < 0.001), spontaneous preterm birth (11.3% versus 5.7%, p < 0.001), fetal distress (33.0% versus 26.0%, p < 0.001), and cesarean section (33.0% versus 20.2%, p < 0.001). Rates of pregnancy terminations ≥22 weeks of gestation, stillbirths, gestational diabetes, placenta praevia, and placenta abruption were not significantly different between the COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 groups. The number of venous thromboembolic events was too low to perform statistical analysis. A limitation of this study relies in the possibility that asymptomatic infected women were not systematically detected. CONCLUSIONS: We observed an increased frequency of pregnant women with maternal morbidities and diagnosis of COVID-19 compared to pregnant women without COVID-19. It appears essential to be aware of this, notably in populations at known risk of developing a more severe form of infection or obstetrical morbidities and in order for obstetrical units to better inform pregnant women and provide the best care. Although causality cannot be determined from these associations, these results may be in line with recent recommendations in favor of vaccination for pregnant women.
Efficacy of metformin in pregnant obese women: a randomised controlled trial.; INTRODUCTION: Increasing evidence suggests obesity has its origins prior to birth. There is clear correlation between maternal obesity, high birthweight and offspring risk of obesity in later life. It is also clear that women who are obese during pregnancy are at greater risk of adverse outcomes, including gestational diabetes and stillbirth. The mechanism(s) by which obesity causes these problems is unknown, although hyperglycaemia and insulin resistance are strongly implicated. We present a protocol for a study to test the hypothesis that metformin will improve insulin sensitivity in obese pregnant women, thereby reducing the incidence of high birthweight babies and other pregnancy complications. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: The Efficacy of Metformin in Pregnant Obese Women, a Randomised controlled (EMPOWaR) trial is a double-masked randomised placebo-controlled trial to determine whether metformin given to obese (body mass index >30 kg/m(2)) pregnant women from 16 weeks' gestation until delivery reduces the incidence of high birthweight babies. A secondary aim is to test the mechanism(s) of any effect. Obese women with a singleton pregnancy and normal glucose tolerance will be recruited prior to 16 weeks' gestation and prescribed study medication, metformin or placebo, to be taken until delivery. Further study visits will occur at 28 and 36 weeks' gestation for glucose tolerance testing and to record anthropometric measurements. Birth weight and other measurements will be recorded at time of delivery. Anthropometry of mother and baby will be performed at 3 months postdelivery. As of January 2014, 449 women had been randomised across the UK. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study will be conducted in accordance with the principles of Good Clinical Practice. A favourable ethical opinion was obtained from Scotland A Research Ethics Committee, reference number 10/MRE00/12. Results will be disseminated at conferences and published in peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN51279843.
National trends in tranexamic acid use in the peripartum period, 2015-2019.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to measure trends in the use of tranexamic acid (TXA) during delivery in the United States and to evaluate demographic data and morbidity outcomes among these patients. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study includes data from 19 hospitals in the Universal Health Services network. We compared rates of TXA use between January 2015 and June 2019 across geographic sectors. We also evaluated associations of demographic variables and perinatal outcomes of women who received TXA. RESULTS: 209 cases of TXA use were found from analysis of 101,564 deliveries. TXA use increased over time and rates were higher in the West than in Central and East; the slope of increase over years did not differ between regions. Women who received TXA were more likely to have a history of postpartum hemorrhage (59 (28.2%) vs. 2290 (2.2%), P < 0.0001) but were not more likely to have a chronic disease, including diabetes mellitus, hypertension and heart disease. Women who received TXA were more likely to have estimated blood loss greater than or equal to 1000 mL (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 15.3; 95% CI 11.1-21.1; P < 0.0001). Likelihood of venous thromboembolism was not significantly increased in TXA recipients (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 0.3-14.6; P = 0.49). CONCLUSION: Increasing national trends of TXA use in the peripartum period was observed, with variable increases by geographic region. Likelihood of venous thromboembolism was not significantly increased among women who received TXA. Increasing TXA use throughout the country suggests that updated hemorrhage guidelines from national obstetrical organizations can shape clinical practice.
The role of polycarbonate monomer bisphenol-A in insulin resistance.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a synthetic unit of polycarbonate polymers and epoxy resins, the types of plastics that could be found in essentially every human population and incorporated into almost every aspect of the modern human society. BPA polymers appear in a wide range of products, from liquid storages (plastic bottles, can and glass linings, water pipes and tanks) and food storages (plastics wraps and containers), to medical and dental devices. BPA polymers could be hydrolyzed spontaneously or in a photo- or temperature-catalyzed process, providing widespread environmental distribution and chronic exposure to the BPA monomer in contemporary human populations. Bisphenol A is also a xenoestrogen, an endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC) that interferes with the endocrine system mimicking the effects of an estrogen and could potentially keep our endocrine system in a constant perturbation that parallels endocrine disruption arising during pregnancy, such as insulin resistance (IR). Gestational insulin resistance represents a natural biological phenomenon of higher insulin resistance in peripheral tissues of the pregnant females, when nutrients are increasingly being directed to the embryo instead of being stored in peripheral tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus may appear in healthy non-diabetic females, due to gestational insulin resistance that leads to increased blood sugar levels and hyperinsulinemia (increased insulin production from the pancreatic beta cells). The hypothesis states that unnoticed and constant exposure to this environmental chemical might potentially lead to the formation of chronic low-level endocrine disruptive state that resembles gestational insulin resistance, which might contribute to the development of diabetes. The increasing body of evidence supports the major premises of this hypothesis, as exemplified by the numerous publications examining the association of BPA and insulin resistance, both epidemiological and mechanistic. However, to what extent BPA might contribute to the development of diabetes in the modern societies still remains unknown. In this review, I discuss the chemical properties of BPA and the sources of BPA contamination found in the environment and in human tissues. I provide an overview of mechanisms for the proposed role of bisphenol A in insulin resistance and diabetes, as well as other related diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases. I describe the transmission of BPA effects to the offspring and postulate that gender related differences might originate from differences in liver enzyme levels, such as UDP-glucuronosyltransferase, which is involved in BPA processing and its elimination from the organism. I discuss the molecular mechanisms of BPA action through nuclear and membrane-bound ER receptors, non-monotonic dose response, epigenetic modifications of the DNA and propose that chronic exposure to weak binders, such as BPA, may mimic the effects of strong binders, such as estrogens.
CT-IGFBP-4 as a novel prognostic biomarker in acute heart failure.; AIMS: Insulin-like growth factor binding protein-4 (IGFBP-4) fragments have been shown to predict the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events, including segment-elevation myocardial infarction, in patients with acute coronary syndrome. We evaluated the prognostic value of the carboxy-terminal fragment of IGFBP-4 (CT-IGFBP-4) for all-cause mortality in emergency room patients with acute heart failure (AHF). METHODS AND RESULTS: CT-IGFBP-4, N-terminal pro brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), and C-reactive protein (CRP) were measured at admission from the lithium-heparin plasma of 156 patients with AHF. All-cause mortality was recorded for 1 year. Receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curves, Kaplan-Meier, and Cox proportional hazard ratio analyses were performed to evaluate the prognostic value of the various clinical variables, CT-IGFBP-4, NT-proBNP, CRP, and their combinations. During 1 year of follow-up, 52 (33.3%) patients died. CT-IGFBP-4 only weakly correlated with NT-proBNP (Pearson correlation coefficient r = 0.16, P = 0.044) and did not correlate with CRP (r = 0.08, P = 0.35), emphasizing the different nature of these biomarkers. The receiver operator characteristic area under the curve (ROC AUC) of CT-IGFBP-4 for the prediction of all-cause mortality (0.727) was significantly higher than that of NT-proBNP (0.680, P = 0.045) and CRP (0.669, P = 0.016). The combination of CT-IGFBP-4, NT-proBNP, and CRP predicted mortality significantly better (ROC AUC = 0.788) than any of the biomarkers alone (P < 0.01 for all). The addition of CT-IGFBP-4 to a clinical prediction model that included age, gender, systolic blood pressure, creatinine, and sodium levels, as well as the history of previous heart failure, coronary artery disease, and hypertension significantly improved the mortality risk prediction (ROC AUC 0.774 vs. 0.699, P = 0.025). Cox hazard analysis indicated that elevated CT-IGFBP-4 was independently associated with 1 year mortality (hazard ratio 3.26, P = 0.0008) after adjustment for age, gender, history of previous heart failure, coronary artery disease, hypertension, chronic kidney failure, history of diabetes, heart rate, haemoglobin, plasma sodium, NT-proBNP, CRP, cystatin C, and elevated cardiac troponin I or T. Patients with increased levels of either two or three of the biomarkers CT-IGFBP-4, NT-proBNP, and CRP had significantly higher mortality risk (adjusted hazard ratio 10.04, P < 0.0001) than patients with increased levels of one or none of the biomarkers. CONCLUSIONS: CT-IGFBP-4 was independently associated with all-cause mortality in patients with AHF. Compared with single biomarkers, the combination of CT-IGFBP-4, NT-proBNP, and CRP improved the prediction of all-cause mortality in patients with AHF.
Undernutrition during pregnancy in mice leads to dysfunctional cardiac muscle respiration in adult offspring.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with an increased risk of developing obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. However, its effect on energetics in heart remains unknown. In the present study, we examined respiration in cardiac muscle and liver from adult mice that were undernourished in utero. We report that in utero undernutrition is associated with impaired cardiac muscle energetics, including decreased fatty acid oxidative capacity, decreased maximum oxidative phosphorylation rate and decreased proton leak respiration. No differences in oxidative characteristics were detected in liver. We also measured plasma acylcarnitine levels and found that short-chain acylcarnitines are increased with in utero undernutrition. Results reveal the negative impact of suboptimal maternal nutrition on adult offspring cardiac energy metabolism, which may have life-long implications for cardiovascular function and disease risk.
Induction of labor at 39 weeks of gestation versus expectant management for low-risk nulliparous women: a cost-effectiveness analysis.; BACKGROUND: A large, recent multicenter trial found that induction of labor at 39 weeks for low-risk nulliparous women was not associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery or adverse neonatal outcomes. OBJECTIVE: We sought to examine the cost-effectiveness and outcomes associated with induction of labor at 39 weeks vs expectant management for low-risk nulliparous women in the United States. STUDY DESIGN: A cost-effectiveness model using TreeAge software was designed to compare outcomes in women who were induced at 39 weeks vs expectantly managed. We used a theoretical cohort of 1.6 million women, the approximate number of nulliparous term births in the United States annually that are considered low risk. Outcomes included mode of delivery, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, macrosomia, stillbirth, permanent brachial plexus injury, and neonatal death, in addition to cost and quality-adjusted life years for both the woman and neonate. Model inputs were derived from the literature, and a cost-effectiveness threshold was set at $100,000/quality-adjusted life years. RESULTS: In our theoretical cohort of 1.6 million women, induction of labor resulted in 54,498 fewer cesarean deliveries and 79,152 fewer cases of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. We also found that induction of labor resulted in 795 fewer cases of stillbirth and 11 fewer neonatal deaths, despite 86 additional cases of brachial plexus injury. Induction of labor resulted in increased costs but increased quality-adjusted life years with an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of $87,691.91 per quality-adjusted life year. In sensitivity analysis, if the cost of induction of labor was increased by $180, elective induction would no longer be cost effective. Similarly, we found that if the rate of cesarean delivery was the same in both strategies, elective induction of labor at 39 weeks would not be a cost-effective strategy. In probabilistic sensitivity analysis via Monte Carlo simulation, we found that induction of labor was cost effective only 65% of the time. CONCLUSION: In our theoretical cohort, induction of labor in nulliparous term women at 39 weeks of gestation resulted in improved outcomes but increased costs. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio was marginally cost effective but would lead to an additional 2 billion dollars of healthcare costs. Whether individual clinicians and healthcare systems offer routine induction of labor at 39 weeks will need to depend on local capacity, careful evaluation and allocation of healthcare resources, and patient preferences. KEY WORDS: cesarean delivery, decision analysis, healthcare resources, induction of labor, low-risk nulliparous women, mode of delivery, obstetric outcomes.
Association between miscarriage and cardiovascular disease in a Scottish cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To assess if miscarriage, whether consecutive or not, is associated with an increased risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease. METHODS: A cohort study was performed using women with at least one miscarriage or live birth recorded from 1950 to 2010 in the Aberdeen Maternity and Neonatal Databank. The exposed groups consisted of women with non-consecutive, two consecutive or three or more consecutive miscarriages; the unexposed group consisted of all women with at least one live birth and no miscarriages. Women were linked to Scottish Morbidity Records for hospital admissions for cardiovascular conditions, cardiac surgery and death registrations. Main outcome measures were ischaemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease and a composite outcome of any disease of circulatory system. A sensitivity analysis was performed dividing the women into those who had one, two or three or more miscarriages irrespective of whether these events were consecutive or not. RESULTS: After excluding women with pre-existing hypertension, type 1 diabetes mellitus, kidney disease and 'disease of circulatory system', 60,105 women were analysed; 9419 with non-consecutive, 940 with two consecutive, 167 with three or more consecutive miscarriages and 49,579 with no miscarriage. In the multivariate analyses, a significant association was found between ischaemic heart disease and women with two (HRs 1.75 (95% CI 1.22 to 2.52)) or three or more (HR 3.18 (95% CI 1.49 to 6.80)) consecutive miscarriages. Similar patterns of risk were observed in the sensitivity analysis. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of two or more miscarriages, irrespective of whether consecutive or not, appear to have an increased risk of ischaemic heart disease.
Fetal nutrition and cardiovascular disease in adult life.; Babies who are small at birth or during infancy have increased rates of cardiovascular disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes as adults. Some of these babies have low birthweights, some are small in relation to the size of their placentas, some are thin at birth, and some are short at birth and fail to gain weight in infancy. This paper shows how fetal undernutrition at different stages of gestation can be linked to these patterns of early growth. The fetuses' adaptations to undernutrition are associated with changes in the concentrations of fetal and placental hormones. Persisting changes in the levels of hormone secretion, and in the sensitivity of tissues to them, may link fetal undernutrition with abnormal structure, function, and disease in adult life.
Elabela and Apelin actions in healthy and pathological pregnancies.; Pregnancy is a dynamic and precisely organized process during which one or more baby develops. Embryonic development relies on the formation of the placenta, allowing nutrient and oxygen exchange between the mother and the fetus. Dysfunction of placental formation lead to pregnancy disorders such as preeclampsia (PE) with serious deleterious consequences for fetal and maternal health. Identifying factors involved in fetoplacental homeostasis could inform better diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for these pathological pregnancies. Here, we summarize actions of elabela, apelin and their common receptor APJ in the fetoplacental unit. Studies indicate that elabela is crucial for embryo cardiovascular system formation and early placental development, while apelin acts in mid/late gestation to modulate fetal angiogenesis and energy homeostasis. Most of these findings, drawn from animal models, indicate a key role of elabela/apelin-APJ system in the fetoplacental unit. This review also provides an overview of clinical studies investigating elabela/apelin-APJ system in pathological complicated pregnancies such as PE and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). While elabela-deficient mice display all the features of PE, current clinical studies show no difference in circulating elabela levels between PE and control patients which does not support a role in PE development. Conversely, apelin levels are increased during PE, but the use of apelin as an early PE marker remains to be fully investigated.
A retrospective cohort study of risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in 14,014 Chinese pregnant women.; This study aims to investigate major complications or symptoms of pregnant women, causes of maternal near-miss, and issues that are relevant to severe maternal disease.A retrospective analysis was performed in the "maternal individual investigation form," which included all critical maternity patients admitted to the First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University from January 1, 2012 to September 31, 2015.A total of 14,014 pregnant patients who delivered at 28 to 42 weeks of gestation were included. Eight thousand eighty-six patients experienced complications or symptoms, and top 7 of these were postpartum hemorrhage, hypertension during pregnancy, diabetes, anemia, hepatopathy, nephroma, and connective tissue disease, of which the morbidity were 11.92%, 10.15%, 9.34%, 8.57%, 3.13%. 0.56%, and 0.55%, respectively. Delivery times, gestational weeks, and informal pregnancy examinations had significant correlation with maternal near-miss (P < .05); nevertheless, the age at pregnancy, number of pregnancies, and education were not so significant (P > .05). Two hundred sixty-five patients had severe maternal diseases (maternal near miss), and the top 5 causes for severe maternal morbidity were massive blood transfusion, thrombocytopenia, clinical feature of shock, uterus removal induced by uterus infection or bleeding, and coagulation dysfunction, of which the morbidity were 24.15%, 18.87%, 13.58%, 9.43%, and 6.79%, respectively.Delivery times, gestational weeks, and informal pregnancy examinations should be considered in maternal near miss patients. Moreover, hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, postpartum hemorrhage, anemia, thrombocytopenia, hepatopathy, and cardiopathy were the principal causes of maternal near miss. Therefore, the monitoring of these principal causes of severe maternity near miss is important for reducing the maternal morbidity and mortality.
Delivery of a Small-For-Gestational-Age Infant and Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease--A Population-Based Record Linkage Study.; BACKGROUND: Delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) infants has been associated with increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, whether the risk increases progressively with the greater severity of SGA and number of SGA infants has not been explored. METHODS: A population-based record linkage study was conducted among 812,732 women delivering live born, singleton infants at term between 1994 and 2011 in New South Wales, Australia. Birth records were linked to the mothers' subsequent hospitalisation or death records to identify CVD events (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, and chronic heart failure) after a median of 7.4 years. Cox proportional hazard regression was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (AHR) [95% confidence interval (CI)] for the associations between the severity (moderate or extreme) of SGA and number of SGA infants and subsequent risk of maternal CVD, accounting for maternal age at last birth, socioeconomic status, parity, smoking, (pre-gestational and gestational) diabetes, and (chronic and pregnancy) hypertension. RESULTS: Compared to mothers of non-SGA infants, AHRs [95%CI] of CVD among mothers of moderately and extremely SGA infants were 1.36 [1.23-1.49], and 1.66 [1.47-1.87], respectively, while AHRs among mothers with 1, 2, and ≥3 SGA infants were 1.42 [1.30-1.54], 1.65 [1.34-2.03], and 2.42 [1.52-3.85], respectively, indicating a dose-response relationship. AHRs of specific CVD categories showed a similar pattern. CONCLUSIONS: Delivery of an SGA infant was associated with a dose-dependent increase in the risk of maternal CVD according to both the severity of SGA and number of previous SGA infants.
[Arterial hypertension during pregnancy: Always preeclampsia?].; Cushing's syndrome is a rare condition during pregnancy, but it is associated with serious maternal and fetal complications. The most common etiology during pregnancy is the presence of an adrenocortical adenoma. Urinary free cortisol over 3 times the upper limit of normal usually indicates Cushing's syndrome during pregnancy. The treatment of choice is surgical, and the ideal time for surgery is before the third trimester.
Comparison between antenatal neurodevelopmental test and fetal Doppler in the assessment of fetal well being.; AIMS: The primary aim of this study was to compare circulatory changes in the fetal brain under certain pathological conditions with alterations in fetal behavior. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective longitudinal cohort study on fetal behavior of fetuses from singleton pregnancies between the 28th and 38th gestational week in the period from March 2009 to October 2011 was undertaken. There were 596 fetuses in the high-risk group and 273 fetuses in the low-risk group. Elevated umbilical artery Doppler pulsatility index and reduced middle cerebral artery pulsatility index obtained in the absence of fetal movements were considered abnormal. The Kurjak Antenatal Neurodevelopmental Test (KANET) was used to assess fetal behavior. RESULTS: Statistically significant differences in the distribution of normal, abnormal, and borderline KANET scores between low-risk and high-risk groups were found. Furthermore, 596 fetuses from the high-risk group were subdivided into subgroups according to the risk factor. The largest proportion of abnormal KANET scores (23.9%) was in the subgroup of fetuses whose mothers had an offspring diagnosed with cerebral palsy (23.9%), followed by the proportion of borderline KANET scores in the subgroup of fetuses from febrile mothers (12.7%). Fetal behavior was significantly different between the normal group and the following subgroups of fetuses: fetal growth restriction (FGR), gestational diabetes mellitus, threatened preterm birth, antepartal hemorrhage, maternal fever, sibling with cerebral palsy, and polyhydramnios. CONCLUSIONS: A new clinical application of the KANET test in early identification of fetuses at risk for adverse neurological outcome was demonstrated.
Breastfeeding Is Associated With a Reduced Maternal Cardiovascular Risk: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis Involving Data From 8 Studies and 1 192 700 Parous Women.; Background Breastfeeding has been robustly linked to reduced maternal risk of breast cancer, ovarian cancer, and type 2 diabetes. We herein systematically reviewed the published evidence on the association of breastfeeding with maternal risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes. Methods and Results Our systematic search of PubMed and Web of Science of articles published up to April 16, 2021, identified 8 relevant prospective studies involving 1 192 700 parous women (weighted mean age: 51.3 years at study entry, 24.6 years at first birth; weighted mean number of births: 2.3). A total of 982 566 women (82%) reported having ever breastfed (weighted mean lifetime duration of breastfeeding: 15.6 months). During a weighted median follow-up of 10.3 years, 54 226 CVD, 26 913 coronary heart disease, 30 843 stroke, and 10 766 fatal CVD events were recorded. In a random-effects meta-analysis, the pooled multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios comparing parous women who ever breastfed to those who never breastfed were 0.89 for CVD (95% CI, 0.83-0.95; I(2)=79.4%), 0.86 for coronary heart disease (95% CI, 0.78-0.95; I(2)=79.7%), 0.88 for stroke (95% CI, 0.79-0.99; I(2)=79.6%), and 0.83 for fatal CVD (95% CI, 0.76-0.92; I(2)=47.7%). The quality of the evidence assessed with the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation tool ranged from very low to moderate, which was mainly driven by high between-studies heterogeneity. Strengths of associations did not differ by mean age at study entry, median follow-up duration, mean parity, level of adjustment, study quality, or geographical region. A progressive risk reduction of all CVD outcomes with lifetime durations of breastfeeding from 0 up to 12 months was found, with some uncertainty about shapes of associations for longer durations. Conclusions Breastfeeding was associated with reduced maternal risk of CVD outcomes.
Classification and diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus and other categories of glucose intolerance.; Diabetes mellitus is composed of a heterogeneous group of disorders characterized by high blood glucose levels. Four major types of diabetes have been defined by the National Diabetes Data Group. Insulin-dependent diabetes (IDDM), also called type I diabetes, is characterized by abrupt clinical onset, insulinopenia, proneness to ketosis even in the basal state, and dependence on exogenous insulin to sustain life. Non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM), also called type II diabetes, may remain relatively asymptomatic for years. Insulin levels may be normal, lower than normal, or elevated as a consequence of insulin resistance. Ketosis is not part of the general clinical picture except in times of metabolic stress, although the classic complications of diabetes can be expected to develop in long-duration diabetics. Gestational diabetes (GDM) refers to the recognition of abnormal glucose intolerance in pregnancy, although unrecognized abnormal tolerance may indeed have predated the pregnancy. Rates of macrosomia are higher than in non-GDM pregnancies, but fetal mortality and congenital anomalies appear to be no greater than in the general population. Other types of diabetes include a number of diverse conditions in which glucose intolerance is a feature and in which it may be etiologically related. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) is a class that encompasses persons whose glucose tolerance is intermediate between normal and diabetic. These individuals do not manifest the microvascular complications of diabetes, but they appear to have higher rates of macrovascular disease associated with the known cardiovascular risk factors. Two statistical risk categories have also been defined that replace the older terms prediabetes, potential diabetes, and latent diabetes. Diabetes can be diagnosed by the presence of classical signs and symptoms of diabetes and unequivocally elevated blood glucose levels; by a fasting plasma glucose greater than or equal to 140 mg/dl; or by an abnormal oral glucose tolerance test, with a venous plasma glucose value greater than or equal to 200 mg/dl at 2 hours after 75 grams oral glucose, being a hallmark criterion for diabetes. For the latter two criteria, the abnormality should be reconfirmed at a later occasion before a definitive diagnosis of diabetes is made. The oral glucose tolerance test has been standardized at a 75-gram glucose (or carbohydrate equivalent) load, given in the morning after an overnight fast. Glucose should be determined for two hours after administration of the challenge.
Inappropriate use of ritodrine hydrochloride for threatened preterm birth in Japan: a retrospective cohort study using a national inpatient database.; BACKGROUND: No study has revealed the effectiveness of long-term tocolysis for patients diagnosed with threatened preterm birth, and the use of betamimetics in these patients has not been recommended in the United States or Europe because of the potential for severe maternal adverse effects. However, long-term tocolysis with intravenous infusion of ritodrine hydrochloride, a betamimetic, can be selected as the first-line tocolytic treatment in Japan. This study was performed to (i) examine the current status of long-term tocolytic treatment, particularly with intravenous infusion of betamimetics, for threatened preterm birth in Japan and (ii) clarify the association between long-term tocolytic treatment and maternal adverse effects. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study was conducted using a national inpatient database for acute-care inpatients in Japan. Among all pregnant women who were diagnosed with threatened preterm birth and admitted to the hospital from July 2010 to March 2016, we identified 134,959 eligible patients. The primary outcome was maternal serious adverse effects during hospitalization. A multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate factors associated with maternal adverse effects. RESULTS: Among all patients, 17.2% received intravenous infusion of ritodrine hydrochloride for ≤48 h and 28.7% received this treatment for ≥28 days. The proportion of maternal adverse effects was significantly higher among patients treated for ≥28 days than ≤48 h. A longer duration of tocolysis was significantly associated with increased maternal adverse effects. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term tocolysis was associated with an increased incidence of maternal adverse effects in the current study using real-world data. Japanese clinicians should adjust their tocolytic treatment practices in accordance with the latest scientific evidence or make efforts to verify the effectiveness and safety of long-term tocolysis.
Can the oxytocin challenge test serve as the primary method for managing high-risk pregnancies?; The purpose of this investigation was to determine whether the oxytocin challenge test (OCT) could serve as the primary method for managing pregnancies characterized by possible placental insufficiency. One hundred and five patients underwent 225 oxytocin challenge tests; no perinatal deaths occurred. Eight tests were positive, 21 suspicious, and 196 negative. Because of data obtained in a preliminary study, all 8 fetuses with positive tests were delivered by cesarean section. Four of the 8 had repetitive suspicious tests prior to a positive test, suggesting that utero-placental function may deteriorate gradually. Urinary excretion of estriol did not decrease significantly in any patient, suggesting that the OCT is a more sensitive indicator of placental function than excretion of estriol. Except for patients with preeclampsia who were induced for maternal indications, all pregnancies with a negative OCT were allowed to terminate spontaneously. Five of the 97 fetuses with negative tests developed late-onset deceleration patterns during labor. This indicates that a negative OCT will not necessarily predict fetal tolerance to labor, contrary to assertions made by some other investigators. It is concluded that the OCT can serve as the primary method for assessing the fetal status in pregnancies characterized by placental insufficiency.
Pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: multidisciplinary management, challenges and literature review.; A 30-year-old woman in her second pregnancy, which was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. She had an uneventful spontaneous vaginal delivery at 38 weeks+3 days of gestation. Day 1 postpartum, she developed sudden chest pain radiating to her jaw and neck. Her observations were normal, and ECG showed lateral ST elevation in keeping with acute myocardial infarction. The troponin-T level was elevated at 21 ng/L at 0 hour, and >10 000 ng/L at 12 hours, respectively. Coronary angiography confirmed spontaneous dissection of the proximal left anterior descending (LAD) and proximal circumflex coronary arteries. She became unstable during percutaneous coronary intervention and consequently had a successful coronary artery bypass surgery with left saphenous vein grafts to the first obtuse marginal artery and LAD. Echocardiogram revealed moderate to severe impairment of the left ventricular function postoperatively.
Triglycerides as an early pathophysiological marker of endothelial dysfunction in nondiabetic women with a previous history of gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether baseline triglyceride levels are associated with early glucose dysregulation and/or cardiovascular risk in women with a previous history of gestational diabetes. DESIGN: Prospective postpregnancy cohort study. SETTING: Polish university hospitals. SAMPLE: Participants included 125 women with previous gestational diabetes and 40 women with normal glucose regulation during pregnancy. METHODS: All women were studied 2-24 months (mean 12 ± 10 months) after the index pregnancy. Women with previous gestational diabetes were divided into tertiles in accordance with baseline triglyceride levels. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We assessed glucose regulation (oral glucose tolerance test), insulin resistance (homeostasis model assessment), markers of endothelial dysfunction (soluble: intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, E-selectin, tissue plasminogen activator antigen, von Willebrand factor antigen), fibrinolysis (plasminogen activator inhibitor antigen), inflammation (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein) and lipid levels. RESULTS: Women with previous gestational diabetes (78% normal glucose regulation, 22% impaired glucose tolerance) had a high cardiometabolic risk profile compared with control women (100% normal glucose regulation). Baseline triglycerides >0.83 mmol/l were associated with a higher prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance, higher high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio. Triglycerides >1.22 mmol/l were associated with higher body fat indexes, higher insulin resistance, higher levels of endothelial dysfunction biomarkers, higher plasminogen activator inhibitor antigen and dyslipidemia. Only E-selectin was independently associated with triglyceride levels. CONCLUSIONS: Baseline triglyceride levels are a cardiovascular risk marker as well as a pathophysiological parameter independently associated with endothelial dysfunction in nondiabetic women with previous gestational diabetes at 2-24 months after an index pregnancy. Normalization of triglycerides should be included in preventive therapy after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.
Lipid levels in former gestational diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate lipid levels in former gestational diabetic mothers, 5-6 years postpartum, and to evaluate the relationship of these values to glucose, insulin, BMI, and blood pressure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: The subjects studied were 56 former gestational diabetic mothers and 48 control mothers 5-6 years postpartum. Two hours after a 50-g carbohydrate meal, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDL and LDL cholesterol, glucose, and insulin were measured and compared between the two groups (analysis of variance). BMI and blood pressure were also evaluated. The risk of finding an abnormal metabolic, anthropometric, or hemodynamic parameter in either group was assessed (chi 2 analysis and Fisher's exact test). Correlation coefficients were assessed between the lipids versus insulin, glucose, BMI, and blood pressure. RESULTS: Mean TC, TG, LDL cholesterol, glucose, and systolic blood pressure were significantly higher in the gestational diabetic mothers than in the control mothers. In addition, there was greater likelihood of finding an abnormal TC > or = 5.17 mmol/l, LDL cholesterol > or = 4.14 mmol/l, and systolic blood pressure > 140 mmHg in gestational diabetic mothers. Triglycerides correlated with BMI, insulin, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and HDL cholesterol correlated inversely with insulin in gestational diabetic mothers. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that at 5-6 years postpartum, former gestational diabetic mothers demonstrate changes in lipid levels that differ from control mothers and that specific lipids correlate with cardiovascular risk factors. Further study is needed to evaluate gestational diabetic mothers for the development of cardiovascular risk factors including insulin resistance.
Genetic polymorphisms in neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes associated with pre-pregnancy obesity in gestational diabetes mellitus patients by using a stratification approach.; BACKGROUND: Certain candidate genes have been associated with obesity. The goal of this study is to determine the association between thirteen neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes and pre-pregnancy obesity among gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients using the stratification approach defined the Asian and International criteria-based body mass index (BMI). METHODS: This was a post-hoc case-control exploratory sub-analysis of a cross-sectional study among GDM women to determine which candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) related to neuroendocrine disorders may be associated with obesity. Factors were adjusted for socio-demographic characteristics and concurrent medical problems in this particular population. Pre-pregnancy BMI and concurrent medical profiles were obtained from maternal health records. Obesity is defined as BMI of ≥27.5 kg/m(2) for Asian criteria-based BMI and >30 kg/m(2) for International criteria-based BMI. Thirteen candidate genes were genotyped using Agena(®) MassARRAY and examined for association with pre-pregnancy obesity using multiple logistic regression analysis. The significant difference threshold was set at P value <0.05. RESULTS: Three hundred and twelve GDM women were included in this study; 60.9% and 44.2% of GDM patients were obese using Asian and International criteria-based BMI, respectively. GDM patients with AA or AG genotypes in specific SNP of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) (G > A in rs6265) are more likely to be obese (adjusted odd ratio =2.209, 95% CI, 1.305, 3.739, P=0.003) compared to those who carry the GG genotype in the SNP adjusted for parity, underlying with asthma, heart disease, anaemia, education background in the International criteria-based BMI stratification group. On the other hand, there were no associations between other candidate genes (NRG1, FKBP5, RORA, OXTR, PLEKHG1, HTR2C, LHPP, SDK2, TEX51, EPHX2, NPY5R and ANO2) and maternal obesity. CONCLUSIONS: In summary, BDNF rs6265 is significantly associated with pre-pregnancy obesity among GDM patients. The exact role of BDNF adjusted for diet intake and lifestyle factors merits further investigation.
Short-Term Perinatal Outcome among Term Infants with Prenatal Diagnosis of Large Abdominal Circumference.; Background Measuring fetal abdominal circumference (AC) prenatally is an effective tool for predicting neonatal weight and macrosomia. Data are lacking regarding the outcome of newborn infants with prenatal diagnosis of large AC. Aim The aim of this study was to evaluate early short-term neonatal outcome among term singleton newborn infants with prenatal diagnosis of large AC. Methods Retrospective data were collected on 501 term infants with prenatal diagnosis of large AC (≥ 360 mm) and on matched controls, including information on maternal condition and on infant perinatal complications. Results In compare with controls, the study group had higher incidence of macrosomia (188 [37.5%] vs. 18 [3.6%], p < 0.001), hypoglycemia (48 (9.6%) vs. 25 [5%], p = 0.007), and significant morbidity (49 [9.8%] vs. 28 [5.6%], p = 0.017) but without increased incidence of congenital malformations or other perinatal complications. Only among the macrosomic, study subgroup and their controls differences were recorded including hypoglycemia (17.6 vs. 4.8%, p < 0.001), need for oral glucose (11.2 vs. 2.7%, p = 0.002), significant morbidity (10.1 vs. 3.7%, p = 0.024), and hospitalization in special care unit (11.7 vs. 4.3%, p = 0.012). Conclusion Prelabor diagnosis of large AC mostly reflects the infant's high birth weight and macrosomia with the associated perinatal complications. Large AC by itself was not predictive of any congenital malformations or perinatal and postnatal complications.
[Immunoreactive insulin in the CNS of human fetuses and newborn infants of metabolically healthy and diabetic mothers--an immunohistochemical study].; The cellular localization and regional distribution of "insulin-like immunoreactivity" and "C-peptide immunoreactivity" were studied in brains of fetuses and newborns from normoglycaemic and diabetic mothers using immunohistochemical techniques. It is shown that "insulin-like material" and "C-peptide-like material" occur in the same nerve cells. No differences in regard to the localization of both polypeptides exist between abort material from normoglycaemic and diabetic mothers.
Association of maternal birth weight and maternal preterm birth with subsequent risk for adverse reproductive outcomes: The Women's Health Initiative.; BACKGROUND: Advancements in medical technology and pharmacologic interventions have drastically improved survival of infants born preterm and low birth weight, but knowledge regarding the long-term health impacts of these individuals is limited and inconsistent. AIM: To investigate whether an individual's birthweight or history of being born preterm increases the risk of an adverse reproductive outcome. STUDY DESIGN: Nested case-control study within the Women's Health Initiative. SUBJECTS: 79,934 individuals who self-reported their personal birthweight category and/or preterm birth status. OUTCOMES MEASURES: Self-reported pregnancy outcomes: subfertility, miscarriage, stillbirth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, low birthweight infant, high birthweight infant. Logistic regression models were used to estimate unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios (OR). RESULTS: After adjustments, individuals reporting their birthweight <6lbs. were 20 % more likely to have a stillbirth or 70 % more likely to have a low birthweight infant and were less likely to have a full-term birth or high birthweight infant during their pregnancy. Individuals reporting a birthweight ≥10 lbs. were more likely to have a high birthweight infant (OR 3.49, 95 % CI 2.73-4.39) and less likely to have a low birthweight infant (OR 0.64, 95 % CI 0.47-0.82). Individuals born preterm were at increased risk for infertility, miscarriage, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and delivering a preterm or low birthweight infant. CONCLUSIONS: As more individuals born preterm and/or low birthweight survive to adulthood, the incidence and prevalence of poor reproductive outcomes may increase. Women born at extremes of birthweight and prematurity may need to be monitored more closely during their own pregnancies.
Assessment of fetal lung maturity: relationship of gestational age and pregnancy complications to phosphatidylglycerol levels.; Phosphatidylglycerol (PG) was measured in the pellet fraction of 863 amniotic fluid samples, and charts were reviewed for maternal disease, duration of gestation at collection, and outcome of pregnancy. PG was present at 32 to 34 weeks' gestation in 24.1% of samples; at 35 to 36 weeks, in 52.3%; and at 37 weeks, in 85.4%. Pre-eclamptic toxemia/hypertension, diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, and preterm labor all had earlier appearance of PG than a comparison group. There was no delay in lung maturity in gestational diabetics or Rh isoimmunization. Infants of patients with overt diabetes with PG greater than or equal to 0.5% did not develop respiratory distress syndrome. This value appeared in 30% of diabetic patients by 35 to 36 weeks and in 76.9% by 37 weeks' gestation.
Sudden "stroke-like' onset of homonymous hemianopsia due to bacterial brain abscess.; A previously healthy 40-year-old man experienced the sudden 'stroke-like' onset of homonymous hemianopsia due to a bacterial brain abscess. Clinical features and initial computed tomography (CT) suggested a stroke. Subsequent CT and magnetic resonance (MR) demonstrated a cerebral abscess, proven at surgery. It is extremely rare that a healthy individual without various risk factors, such as congenital heart disease, immunologic deficiency, diabetes mellitus, or pregnancy, presents with the above symptoms. The exact mechanism of this sudden 'stroke-like' onset in a patient with a bacterial brain abscess is unknown. One possibility is that paroxysmal septic emboli led to abscess formation within or near areas of embolic infarction. Another possibility is that a primary cerebral infarction was associated with secondary bacteremia. Surgical drainage revealed a bacterial (Streptococcus) abscess, but no identifiable source of infection.
Neonatal regulatory behavior problems are predicted by maternal early pregnancy overweight and obesity: findings from the prospective PREDO Study.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal overweight/obesity and comorbid hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes associate with neurodevelopmental delay in the offspring in childhood. We hypothesize that these maternal conditions associate also with the offspring regulatory behavior problems and impact on neurodevelopment via the offspring regulatory behavior. METHODS: A number of 3117 women of the PREDO Study filled in a questionnaire on regulatory behavior problems at the child's mean age of 16.9 days and 2116 of them a questionnaire on developmental milestones at the child's mean age of 42.2 months. Data on maternal BMI and comorbid disorders come from the Finnish Medical Birth Register. RESULTS: Offspring of overweight/obese mothers in comparison to normal weight mothers had higher levels of regulatory behavior problems and 22% (95% confidence interval 5-42%) higher odds of having problems on multiple domains of behavioral regulation at the mean age of 16.9 days. Offspring regulatory behavior problems partially mediated the association between maternal overweight/obesity and developmental milestones comprising communication, gross motor, fine motor, problem solving, and personal/social domains of development. Comorbid disorders did not associate with offspring regulatory behavior problems. CONCLUSION: Regulatory behavior problems of the offspring have prenatal origins and partially mediate the effects of maternal overweight/obesity on offspring neurodevelopment.
Association between Gut Microbiota and Development of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Background: It is well known that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have gut dysbiosis. However, the dynamic alterations of gut microbiota in GDM are unclear. Additionally, the effects of maternal gut microbiota on the gut microbiota of their newborns remains controversial. The primary objective of this study is to determine the association between types and amounts of gut microbiota and development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Eighty-eight pregnant women, including 39 non-GDM and 49 GDM, and their 88 offspring were enrolled. Maternal feces were collected at the time of GDM diagnosis (24-28 weeks of gestation) and at before delivery (≥37 weeks of gestation). Meconium and the first feces of their newborns were also obtained. Results: from quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) showed that maternal Lactobacillales was decreased from baseline to the time before delivery in both non-GDM and GDM. Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes (F/B) ratio at before delivery was higher in the GDM group. However, there was no difference of neonatal gut microbiota between groups. Conclusions: Although we found only few gut microbiota that demonstrated the difference between GDM and non-GDM, gut microbiota may play a more important role in the development of severer GDM. Therefore, a further study comparing the gut microbiota composition among non-GDM, GDM with diet modification only, GDM with insulin therapy, GDM with successful treatment, and GDM with failure of treatment is needed.
Preventing CVD in Women: Common Questions and Answers.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in the United States. Women have unique risk factors for CVD, including pregnancy, hormones, autoimmune disorders, and psychological stress. Most risk calculators underestimate the risk of CVD in women; therefore, it is essential that physicians have a heightened awareness of risk-enhancing factors. A thorough history of adverse pregnancy conditions, hormonal factors, autoimmune diseases, and psychological stress, including adverse social determinants of health, should be documented in the electronic health record. A risk assessment using the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Calculator should be routinely performed, and those with borderline (5% to less than 7.5%) and intermediate (7.5% to less than 20%) risk should undergo lifestyle modification counseling and shared decision-making regarding the initiation of a statin, aspirin, or antihypertensive therapy. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be screened at four to 12 weeks postpartum with a two-hour oral glucose tolerance test, and, if normal, the test should be repeated every one to three years. Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be assessed within three months of delivery, and CVD risk assessment should occur annually thereafter. Because women with a history of adverse pregnancy conditions have higher rates of traditional CVD risk factors that emerge at younger ages, earlier and more frequent monitoring should be considered. Optimizing management of mood disorders, traditional CVD risk factors, and autoimmune diseases and considering the effects of social determinants of health are essential. Lifestyle modification counseling should include guidance to adhere to a plant-based diet that is mostly vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, and fish; 150 minutes of moderate-intensity or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity exercise weekly; and tobacco cessation.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are an evolutionary adaptation to mitigate the reproductive consequences of the human physique.; The aetiology of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy remains unknown, despite over 30 years of research. The prevalence and natural history of these disorders and the lack of progress in identifying a cause calls for a radical new approach. It is hypothesised that these disorders arise as a consequence of abnormal maternal regulatory mechanisms. The evolution of the physical characteristics unique to humans (bi-pedal gait and a large brain) resulted in a narrow pelvis and a large head. Such a physique is not conducive to viviparity and caused difficult, prolonged and obstructed labour with post-partum haemorrhage--the commonest causes of maternal mortality in the absence of modern medical care. In such circumstances, up to 6.5% of pregnant women will die as a direct consequence of pregnancy, mainly as a result of obstructed labour and haemorrhage. The death toll would have been much higher over millions of years of evolution. These conditions exerted significant adaptive and evolutionary pressure on our species. The adaptations necessary to mitigate the reproductive consequences of the human physique include activation of the coagulation system to reduce post-partum haemorrhage, increased blood pressure to peak after delivery and maintain cerebral perfusion in the face of post-partum blood loss and restriction of fetal growth to prevent obstructed labour. These adaptations must be regulated to guarantee their occurrence but limit their extent to prevent disease. Evidence for blood pressure regulation during pregnancy and a proposed mechanism to achieve this are presented. Regulation requires a redundant feto-placental signal and a single tightly controlled regulator. To guarantee that blood pressure rises, the feto-placental signal is predicted to be conveyed by several different molecules and to be produced in excess in all pregnancies. Normality is then maintained by a single tightly controlled regulator. This model predicts that the feto-placental factors that cause a rise in maternal blood pressure are multiple and produced in disease-causing concentrations in all pregnancies. Disease arises as a consequence of abnormalities in the maternal regulatory mechanism as occurs in say gestational diabetes mellitus. The search for a placental cause for pre-eclampsia is therefore futile. Research should focus on normal pregnancy and the identification of the factor that regulates maternal blood pressure in the second half of pregnancy. This factor will cause hypotension and prevent endothelial activation and have a role analogous to insulin in the regulation of glycaemia and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Pre-eclampsia and long-term maternal health.; Pre-eclampsia is a syndrome of pregnancy, defined by the gestational-onset of hypertension and proteinuria, which resolves postpartum. This definition does not consider the variable multiorgan involvement of a syndrome that can include seizures, fulminating hepatic necrosis and a consumptive coagulopathy. These disparate clinical features are a consequence of an accelerated but transient metabolic syndrome with widespread maternal endothelial dysfunction and inflammation. A trigger to this maternal state is the relatively ischaemic placenta. As pregnancy progresses, the concentration of vaso-toxic factors released by the relatively ischaemic placenta gradually builds up in the maternal circulation. Those predisposed to endothelial dysfunction, e.g. women with risk factors for cardiovascular disease, are more sensitive to these placental derived factors and will develop pre-eclampsia before natural onset of labour. A woman's vulnerability to pre-eclampsia is therefore composed of a unique balance between her pre-existing maternal endothelial and metabolic health and the concentration of placental derived factors toxic to maternal endothelium. Delivery of the placenta remains the only cure. Years later, women who had pre-eclampsia are at increased risk of chronic hypertension, ischaemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, kidney disease, diabetes mellitus, thromboembolism, hypothyroidism and even impaired memory. This article describes how a brief, usually single episode of this acute pregnancy syndrome might both identify those vulnerable to chronic disease in later life and in some cases initiate chronic disease.
The contribution of maternal characteristics and cesarean delivery to an increasing trend of severe maternal morbidity.; BACKGROUND: Severe maternal morbidity - life-threatening childbirth complications - has more than doubled in the United States over the past 15 years, affecting more than 50,000 women (1.4% of deliveries) annually. During this time period, maternal age, obesity, comorbidities, and cesarean delivery also increased and may be related to the rise in severe maternal morbidity. We sought to evaluate: (1) the association of advanced maternal age, pre-pregnancy obesity, pre-pregnancy comorbidities, and cesarean delivery with severe maternal morbidity, and (2) whether changes in the prevalence of these risk factors affected the trend of severe maternal morbidity. METHODS: This population-based cohort study used linked birth record and patient discharge data from live births in California during 2007-2014 (n = 3,556,206). We used multivariable logistic regression models to assess the association of advanced maternal age (≥35 years), pre-pregnancy obesity (body mass index ≥30 kg/m(2)), pre-pregnancy comorbidity (index of 12 conditions), and cesarean delivery with severe maternal morbidity prevalence and trends. Severe maternal morbidity was identified by an index of 18 diagnosis and procedure indicators. We estimated odds ratios, predicted prevalence, and population attributable risk percentages. RESULTS: The prevalence of severe maternal morbidity increased by 65% during 2007-2014. Advanced maternal age, pre-pregnancy obesity, and pre-pregnancy comorbidity also increased during this period, but cesarean delivery did not. None of these risk factors affected the increasing trend of severe maternal morbidity. However, the pre-pregnancy risk factors together were estimated to contribute to 13% (95% confidence interval: 12, 14%) of severe maternal morbidity cases in the study population overall, and cesarean delivery was estimated to contribute to 37% (95% confidence interval: 36, 38%) of cases. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-pregnancy health and cesarean delivery are important risk factors for severe maternal morbidity but do not explain an increasing trend of severe maternal morbidity in California during 2007-2014. Investigation of other potential contributors is needed in order to identify ways to reverse the trend of severe maternal morbidity.
Down-regulation of AMPK/PPARδ signalling promotes endoplasmic reticulum stress-induced endothelial dysfunction in adult rat offspring exposed to maternal diabetes.; AIMS: Exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with increased prevalence of hypertension in the offspring. The mechanisms underlying the prenatal programming of hypertension remain unclear. Because endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress plays a key role in vascular endothelial dysfunction in hypertension, we investigated whether aberrant ER stress causes endothelial dysfunction and high blood pressure in the offspring of dams with diabetes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were intraperitoneally injected with streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) or citrate buffer at Day 0 of gestation. Compared with control mother offspring (CMO), the diabetic mother offspring (DMO) had higher blood pressure and impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation in mesenteric arteries, accompanied by decreased AMPK phosphorylation and PPARδ expression, increased ER stress markers, and reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels. The inhibition of ER stress reversed these aberrant changes in DMO. Ex vivo treatment of mesenteric arteries with an AMPK agonist (A769662) or a PPARδ agonist (GW1516) improved the impaired EDR in DMO and reversed the tunicamycin-induced ER stress, ROS production, and EDR impairment in mesenteric arteries from CMO. The effects of A769662 were abolished by co-treatment with GSK0660 (PPARδ antagonist), whereas the effects of GW1516 were unaffected by Compound C (AMPK inhibitor). CONCLUSION: These results suggest an abnormal foetal programming of vascular endothelial function in offspring of rats with maternal diabetes that is associated with increased ER stress, which can be ascribed to down-regulation of AMPK/PPARδ signalling cascade.
Increased risk of pulmonary embolism among patients with hyperthyroidism: a 5-year follow-up study.; BACKGROUND: Although studies have indicated that hyperthyroidism is associated with hypercoagulability, most such studies have focused only on examining the incidence of venous thrombosis. As far as we know, no study has attempted to explore the risk of pulmonary embolism (PE) among patients with hyperthyroidism. OBJECTIVE: Using a nationwide population-based dataset, this study was aimed at estimating the risk of PE among hyperthyroidism patients during a 5-year period, as compared with non-hyperthyroidism patients during the same period. METHODS: Data sourced from the Taiwan Longitudinal Health Insurance Database were analyzed. The study included 8903 patients with hyperthyroidism as a study cohort and 44,515 randomly selected patients without hyperthyroidism as a comparison cohort. Stratified Cox proportional hazard regressions were used to compute the 5-year PE-free survival rate between these two cohorts. RESULTS: Of the total of 53,418 patients, 41 patients (0.08%) were identified as having PE during the follow-up period, 14 from the study cohort (0.16% of the hyperthyroidism patients) and 27 comparison patients (0.06% of patients from the comparison cohort). After adjustment for geographic region, monthly income, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, peripheral vascular disease, coronary heart disease, cancer, recent surgery, recent fracture, pregnancy and the use of anticoagulants, the risk of having PE during the 5-year follow-up period was 2.31 times greater (95% confidence interval 1.20-4.45, P=0.012) for patients with hyperthyroidism than for patients in the comparison cohort. CONCLUSION: We found an increased risk of PE in patients with hyperthyroidism. Clinicians should be aware of this increased risk.
Plasticity of the Maternal Vasculature During Pregnancy.; Maternal cardiovascular changes during pregnancy include an expansion of plasma volume, increased cardiac output, decreased peripheral resistance, and increased uteroplacental blood flow. These adaptations facilitate the progressive increase in uteroplacental perfusion that is required for normal fetal growth and development, prevent the development of hypertension, and provide a reserve of blood in anticipation of the significant blood loss associated with parturition. Each woman's genotype and phenotype determine her ability to adapt in response to molecular signals that emanate from the fetoplacental unit. Here, we provide an overview of the major hemodynamic and cardiac changes and then consider regional changes in the splanchnic, renal, cerebral, and uterine circulations in terms of endothelial and vascular smooth muscle cell plasticity. Although consideration of gestational disease is beyond the scope of this review, aberrant signaling and/or maternal responsiveness contribute to the etiology of several common gestational diseases such as preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and gestational diabetes.
Evidence that Systemic Vascular Resistance is increased prior to the development of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The ophthalmic artery, which is the first branch of the internal carotid artery, has a Doppler velocity waveform with two systolic peaks. The ratio of the peak systolic velocity (PSV) of the second wave divided by that of the first wave, reflects increased peripheral resistance. Previous studies in the first, second and third trimesters of pregnancy have reported that in pregnancies that subsequently develop preeclampsia (PE) the PSV ratio is increased. Both PE and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with endothelial dysfunction and an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases during the first decade following pregnancy. OBJECTIVES: To compare the ophthalmic artery PSV ratio at 11-13 weeks' gestation in women who subsequently develop GDM to unaffected pregnancies and those who develop PE. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 11(+0) - 13(+6) weeks' gestation at King's College Hospital, London, UK. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, ultrasound examination for fetal anatomy and growth, assessment of flow velocity waveforms from the maternal ophthalmic arteries and calculation of the PSV ratio, and measurement of mean arterial pressure (MAP). Linear regression was performed for the prediction of ophthalmic artery PSV ratio, from maternal characteristics and MAP. The PSV ratio in the group with GDM was compared to that of PE and unaffected pregnancies. RESULTS: 3999 women were included in the study, including 375 (9.8%) who developed GDM and 101 (2.5%) who developed PE. In the GDM group, 161 (43.3%) were treated by diet alone, 130 (34,1%) were treated with metformin and 84 (22.6%) received insulin ± metformin. Significant prediction of PSV ratio was provided by development of PE, maternal age, body mass index, MAP, first degree family history of diabetes mellitus, family history of PE, Asian ethnicity, and smoking. There was no significant contribution from GDM. In women who developed GDM requiring insulin treatment, ophthalmic artery PSV ratio (0.67 ± 0.09) was higher (p <0.001) than in unaffected pregnancies (0.63 ± 0.10), but it was not significantly different from that in the PE group (0.69 ± 0.10; p=0.90). CONCLUSIONS: In women who develop severe GDM, requiring insulin treatment, there is evidence of increased peripheral resistance which is apparent from the first-trimester of pregnancy.
Previous gestational diabetes mellitus and markers of cardiovascular risk.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the developed world has increased at an alarming rate over the last few decades. GDM has been shown to be associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A history of previous GDM (pGDM), associated or not with any of these metabolic abnormalities, can increase the risk of developing not only type 2 diabetes mellitus but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes later in life. In this paper we discuss the relationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic abnormalities, and vascular dysfunction in women with pGDM. We also review the current knowledge on metabolic modifications occurring in normal pregnancy and the link between alterations of a normal metabolic state with the long-term maternal complications that may result in increased CVD risk. Our review of studies on pGDM prompts us to recommend that these women be considered a population at risk for later CVD events, which however could be avoided via the use of specially designed follow-up programs in the future.
Comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis on physical health conditions in lesbian- and bisexual-identified women compared with heterosexual-identified women.; BACKGROUND: Sexual minority individuals experience discrimination, leading to mental health disparities. Physical health disparities have not been examined to the same extent in systematic reviews so far. OBJECTIVES: To provide a systematic review and, where possible, meta-analyses on the prevalence of physical health conditions in sexual minority women (i.e. lesbian- and bisexual-identified women) compared to heterosexual-identified women. DESIGN: The study design is a systematic review with meta-analyses. DATA SOURCES AND METHODS: A systematic literature search in MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, CINAHL, and Web of Science databases was conducted on epidemiologic studies on physical health conditions, classified in the Global Burden of Disease project, published between 2000 and 2021. Meta-analyses pooling odds ratios were calculated. RESULTS: In total, 23,649 abstracts were screened and 44 studies were included in the systematic review. Meta-analyses were run for arthritis, asthma, back pain, cancer, chronic kidney diseases, diabetes, headache disorders, heart attacks, hepatitis, hypertension, and stroke. Most significant differences in prevalence by sexual identity were found for chronic respiratory conditions, especially asthma. Overall, sexual minority women were significantly 1.5-2 times more likely to have asthma than heterosexual women. Furthermore, evidence of higher prevalence in sexual minority compared to heterosexual women was found for back pain, headaches/migraines, hepatitis B/C, periodontitis, urinary tract infections, and acne. In contrast, bisexual women had lower cancer rates. Overall, sexual minority women had lower odds of heart attacks, diabetes, and hypertension than heterosexual women (in terms of diabetes and hypertension possibly due to non-consideration of pregnancy-related conditions). CONCLUSION: We found evidence for physical health disparities by sexual identity. Since some of these findings rely on few comparisons only, this review emphasizes the need for routinely including sexual identity assessment in health research and clinical practice. Providing a more detailed picture of the prevalence of physical health conditions in sexual minority women may ultimately contribute to reducing health disparities.
Proteinuria and venous thromboembolism in pregnancy: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Identification of risk factors of VTE may lead to improved maternal and foetal outcomes. Proteinuria confers a pro-thrombotic state, however, its association with VTE in pregnancy remains unknown. We set out to assess the association of proteinuria and VTE during pregnancy. METHODS: We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women (≥16 years of age) with a proteinuria measure within 20 weeks of conception (n = 306 244; mean age 29.8 years) from Ontario, Canada. Proteinuria was defined by any of the following: urine albumin:creatinine ratio ≥3 mg/mmol, urine protein:creatinine ratio ≥5 mg/mmol or urine dipstick proteinuria ≥1. The main outcome measure was a diagnosis of VTE up to 24-weeks post-partum. RESULTS: A positive proteinuria measurement occurred in 8508 (2.78%) women and was more common with a history of kidney disease, gestational or non-gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. VTE events occurred in 625 (0.20%) individuals, with a higher risk among women with positive proteinuria [32 events (0.38%)] compared with women without proteinuria [593 events (0.20%); inverse probability-weighted risk ratio 1.79 (95% confidence interval 1.25-2.57)]. The association was consistent using a more specific VTE definition, in the post-partum period, in high-risk subgroups (hypertension or diabetes) and when the sample was restricted to women with preserved kidney function. CONCLUSIONS: The presence of proteinuria in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy is associated with a significantly higher risk of VTE.
High Glucose Level Induces Cardiovascular Dysplasia During Early Embryo Development.; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased dramatically amongst multiethnic population. However, how gestational diabetes mellitus damages the developing embryo is still unknown. In this study, we used yolk sac membrane (YSM) model to investigate angiogenesis in the developing chick embryo. We determined that in the presence of high glucose, it retarded the growth and extension of the embryonic vascular plexus and it also reduced the density of the vasculature in yolk sac membrane model. Using the same strategy, we used the chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) as a model to investigate the influence of high glucose on the vasculature. We established that high glucose inhibited development of the blood vessel plexus and the blood vessels formed had a narrower diameter than control vessels. Concurrent with the abnormal angiogenesis, we also examined how it impacted cardiogenesis. We determined the myocardium in the right ventricle and left atrium were significantly thicker than the control and also there was a reduction in glycogen content in cardiomyocytes. The high glucose also induced excess reactive oxygen species (ROS) production in the cardiomyocytes. We postulated that it was the excess reactive oxygen species that damaged the cardiomyocytes resulting in cardiac hyperplasia.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome--prognosis and treatment outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovarian syndrome is the commonest endocrine disorder of reproductive-age women. It may have implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility, insulin resistance and elevated androgens. Furthermore, patients are prone to health problems in later life, including diabetes and cardiovascular risk. This review provides an update of recent findings for the management of polycystic ovarian syndrome. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies have been performed to determine the best first-line medication for ovulation induction in polycystic ovarian syndrome. Meta-analyses have been performed to determine whether metformin should be used as an adjunct in IVF in women with this syndrome and to determine whether metformin or the oral contraceptive pill should be used for symptom control. Adverse features of this syndrome can be improved by diet and exercise. Evidence for the longer-term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes, and for its pregnancy use to reduce gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal macrosomia is lacking, although evidence for a reduction in miscarriage in insulin-resistant patients is accumulating. SUMMARY: Recent studies have sought to clarify the serious short-term clinical problems faced by women with polycystic ovarian syndrome; however, studies looking to the long term to address cardiovascular and diabetic conversion are still required.
[Diabetes therapy in pregnant women].; Diabetes type 2 has increased in adult women due to higher frequency of obesity and sedentary lifestyle, and thus cardiovascular diseases have increased. Hyperglycemia control and, collaterally, high blood pressure and dyslipidemia correction are the basis of its therapy. This paper evaluates oral antidiabetic drugs effectiveness and preference. Gestational diabetes is a cause of morbidity and mortality in fetuses and newborns, it has to be timely diagnosed, and needs a strict control, same to diabetes type 1. Gyneco-obstetrical doctor must be alert to diabetes signs and closely work in its therapy.
Effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial.; It has previously been reported that the influence of vitamin D on the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus is associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer and other systemic diseases, and is considered an important indicator of general health. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on glucose metabolism, lipid concentrations, inflammation and the levels of oxidative stress of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 133 pregnant women with GDM during weeks 24-28 of pregnancy. The patients were randomly divided into four groups. The control group (n=20) received a placebo (sucrose; one granule/day), the low dosage group (n=38) received the daily recommended intake of 200 IU vitamin D (calciferol) daily, the medium dosage group (n=38) received 50,000 IU monthly (2,000 IU daily for 25 days) and the high dosage group (n=37) received 50,000 IU every 2 weeks (4,000 IU daily for 12.5 days). The general characteristics and dietary intakes of the patients with GDM were similar between each group. Using ELISA kits, it was determined that insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and total cholesterol were significantly reduced by high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.05). Total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione levels were significantly elevated as a result of high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.01). In conclusion, high-dose vitamin D supplementation (50,000 IU every 2 weeks) significantly improved insulin resistance in pregnant women with GDM.
The Possibility of Using Bioelectrical Impedance Analysis in Pregnant and Postpartum Women.; Pregnancy is a time of significant changes occurring in the composition of a woman's body in order to provide support for the growth and development of the foetus. Bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) is used to assess the body composition and hydration status. This technique represents a non-invasive, reliable, and fast clinical approach, which is well tolerated by patients. A segmental impedance measurement might be advantageous in pregnant women, particularly in late pregnancy. The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of different applications of BIA in pregnant and postpartum women. It seems that BIA has a better prognostic potential for gestational and post-partum outcomes than body mass index. The BIA method can be successfully used to study the effect of excessive gestational weight gain in pregnancy on the development of obstetric complications. Studying the mother's body composition and correlating it with her energy balance could facilitate the development of dietary recommendations for women. Evaluation of the body composition can provide important clues for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with a low risk of this disease. BIA is also used as one of the additional tests in assessing the risk of developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
Quantifying fetal heart health in gestational diabetes: a new approach with fetal heart quantification technology.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal heart structure and function using a technique called fetal heart quantification (Fetal HQ), with a focus on mitochondrial dynamics, which employs advanced imaging technology for comprehensive analysis. METHODS: A total of 180 fetuses with normal heart structures, aged 24-40 weeks of gestation, were examined. A 2-3 s cine loop in the standard four-chamber oblique view was captured and analyzed using the speckle-tracking technique with Fetal HQ. Various echocardiographic parameters were evaluated, including four-chamber view (4CV), global spherical index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), 24-segment spherical index (SI), ventricular fractional area change (FAC), cardiac output (CO), and stroke volume (SV). These parameters were compared between the GDM group and the control group during two gestational periods: 24(+0) to 28(+0) weeks and 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks. Statistical analysis was performed using independent samples t-tests and Mann-Whitney U tests to identify significant differences. RESULTS: Twenty fetuses from mothers with GDM and 40 from the control group were recruited at 24(+0) to 28(+0) weeks. At 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks, 40 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 80 from the control group were recruited. The fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar between the GDM and control groups. However, compared to the controls, right ventricular function in the GDM group was lower only at 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks. In the GDM group, the global spherical index (GSI) was lower than in the control group at 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks (1.175 vs. 1.22; p = 0.001). There were significant decreases in ventricular FAC (38.74% vs. 42.83%; p < 0.0001) and 4CV GLS for the right ventricle (-22.27% vs. -26.31%; p = 0.005) at 28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that GDM is associated with decreased right ventricular function in the fetal heart, particularly during the later stages of pregnancy (28(+1) to 40(+1) weeks), compared to fetuses from healthy pregnancies. The Fetal HQ technique represents a valuable tool for evaluating the structure and function of fetal hearts affected by GDM during the advanced stages of pregnancy.
Study of Cardiovascular Involvement in Rheumatoid Arthritis and it's Correlation with Severity of Disease.; Rheumatoid arthritis is a chronic systemic disease of unknown ethology characterised by persistent inflammatory synovitis usually affecting peripheral joints with symmetric distribution. Most common cause of death in RA is cardiovascular disease and pericarditis is the most common form of cardiac involvement. Valvular disorders, coronary vasculitis and ventricular diastolic dysfunction can be seen. The aim and objective was to study the prevalence of cardiovascular involvement in the patients of RA and correlate the cardiovascular involvement with duration and severity of disease. MATERIAL: The present study was conducted in the Rheumatology Division of department of medicine Sardar Patel medical college Bikaner. It's a cross sectional study done on 100 consecutive patients, diagnosed with RA according to ACR-EULAR classification criteria for RA 2010. Patients with history of smoking, renal failure, diabetes, hypertension, pregnancy, thyroid dysfunction and other systemic diseases were excluded. CBC, DLC, rheumatoid factor, ESR, C-Reactive protein, Anti-CCP antibody, LFT, RFT, Blood glucose, lipid profile and thyroid profile was done on the patients. Electrocardiography and ECHOCARDIOGRAM were also done. For statistical analysis SPSS17 for windows, standard version was used. OBSERVATION: We observed in our study that a large number of RA patients had ECG (38%) and ECHO (32%) abnormalities. We found that Polyarthritis was the most common symptom (63%) while Dyspnoea (25%) and chest pain (16%) were the most common cardiovascular symptoms. Patients who had bradycardia, heart block and P-pulmonale in ECG were likely to have severe RA. In our study patients with longer duration of disease had more chances of VPCs in ECG. LVH and T-wave inversion in lead ll, lll and aVF were found to be significantly associated with duration of treatment. Patients who had dilated left atrium in ECHO were more likely to have severe disease. Longer duration of treatment was associated with ECHO finding of concentric LVH. As the age increases, prevalence of T wave changes also increases. CONCLUSION: This study indicates the high prevalence of cardiac involvement in RA patients, so early detection of cardiac involvement (using ECG, echocardiography, etc.) may reduce the morbidity and mortality.
Atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) in preeclampsia-like syndrome in a rat model.; The pathophysiology of preeclampsia has not been fully clarified. A variety of factors have been implicated with this disease including vasoactive peptides and hormones during the last 20 years. Inadequate generation of atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) has been one of the mechanisms discussed as to possibly contribute to the development of hypertension. In human pregnancy multiple studies of ANP-plasma-concentration in normal or hypertensive pregnancies showed conflicting results. The complexity of the clinical findings of hypertension in pregnancy makes it very difficult to carry out comparative clinical and biochemical studies in humans. In an animal experience genetic as environmental influences could be excluded. Therefore, the present study shows an experimental preeclampsia-like syndrome in the rat by reduction of the utero-placental flow. We observed a significant increase of plasma ANP in pregnant rats with experimentally induced hypertension. Furthermore, our results suggest that the ventricles could be an important source of ANP gene expression.
Upregulation Of Renal GLUT2 And SGLT2 Is Involved In High-Fat Diet-Induced Gestational Diabetes In Mice.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder during mid- to late-pregnancy characterized by hyperglycemia, insulin resistance and fetal mal-development. Glucose transporter type 2 (GLUT2) and sodium-coupled glucose cotransporters 2 (SGLT2) in the proximal tubules play a critical role in the reabsorption of glucose and have been linked to the occurrence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Our study was designed to investigate the role of GLUT2 and SGLT2 in the pathogenesis of GDM, which is considered a forerunner of T2DM, and investigate the related molecular mechanism. METHODS: High-fat diet (HFD) was utilized to build a GDM mouse model that closely induces metabolic abnormalities similar to human GDM. Body weight, blood glucose and serum insulin were recorded in the experimental process. Glucose tolerance was determined by the use of an intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT). In addition, levels of GLUT2 and SGLT2 were evaluated to further explore the underlying mechanism of GDM. RESULTS: HFD feeding induced abnormal glucose metabolism as manifested by increased levels of blood glucose and insulin and prominent glucose intolerance. Additionally, fetal mice from mother feed on HFD showed higher mean body weight. Furthermore, HFD feeding led to an increase in the number of positive cells of GLUT2 and SGLT2 in the renal proximal tubule and the expressions of renal GLUT2 and SGLT2 mRNA and proteins in mice. However, no obvious change was observed in renal morphology. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates a potential involvement of renal GLUT2 and SGLT2 in GDM pathology in an HFD-induced GDM mouse model, which further supports the role of renal GLUT2 and SGLT2 not only in T1DM and T2DM but also in GDM.
Fetal echocardiographic parameters in pregnancies complicated by diabetes: a case control study.; BACKGROUND: At present, the prevalence of pregestational diabetes is 2.2% with an overall prevalence of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy of about 16.2%. Fetuses of diabetic mothers are at risk of functional cardiac abnormalities without structural cardiac anomalies especially in the third trimester. The main aim of this study was to assess the association of diabetes with different fetal echocardiographic parameters. METHODS: A case control study comprising a total of 120 pregnant women (60 cases and 60 controls). The cases group included fetuses of mothers known to have pre-gestational type 2 diabetes (DM group) while the control group included fetuses of euglycaemic healthy pregnant women. They were examined twice at 23-24 weeks' gestation (visit 1) and followed up at 27-28 weeks' gestation (visit 2). The Modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod MPI) was obtained in all fetuses. Also, M-mode echocardiography was used to measure the interventricular septum thickness at diastole in a transverse four chamber view. RESULTS: There was a significant increase in Iso-volumetric contraction time (ICT) (45.4 ms ± 8.9), Iso-volumetric relaxation time (IRT) (54.7 ms ± 11.22), Interventricular septal thickness (IVST) (4.08 mm ± 0.8), aortic acceleration time (AAT) (54.16 ms ± 12.77) and MPI (0.64 ± 0.09) in the diabetic group compared to the normal control group ICT (38.5 ms ± 9.59), IRT (46.13 ms ± 10.29), IVST (3.17 mm ± 0.6), AAT (49.73 ms ± 10.68) and MPI (0.5 ± 0.1) (all P values were < 0.001). When comparing parameters assessed at both visits among diabetic patients, there was a significant increase in IVST in the second visit (4.74 ± 0.78 mm) compared to the first visit (4.08 ± 0.8 mm) (P value < 0.05). The incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) was significantly higher in diabetic patients than in the control group. This is was observed in both first and second visit (33.4% and 56.7%) (P value < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses of diabetic pregnant females show a significant increase in MPI, decrease in E\A ratio and HCM. These alterations in cardiac functions and structure were found to be continuous throughout the period of time between the two visits.
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to quantify the impact of healthy and complex pregnancy on muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) at rest, and in response to stress. Structured searches of electronic databases were performed until February 23, 2022. All study designs (except reviews) were included: population (pregnant individuals); exposures (healthy and complicated pregnancy with direct measures of MSNA); comparator (individuals who were not pregnant, or with uncomplicated pregnancy); and outcomes (MSNA, BP, and heart rate). Twenty-seven studies (N = 807) were included. MSNA burst frequency was higher in pregnancy (n = 201) versus non-pregnant controls (n = 194) (Mean Differences [MD], MD: 10.6 bursts/min; 95% CI: 7.2, 14.0; I(2)  = 72%). Accounting for the normative increase in heart rate with gestation, burst incidence was also higher during pregnancy (Pregnant N = 189, non-pregnant N = 173; MD: 11 bpm; 95% CI: 8, 13 bpm; I(2)  = 47%; p < 0.0001). Meta-regression analyses confirmed that although sympathetic burst frequency and incidence are augmented during pregnancy, this was not significantly associated with gestational age. Compared to uncomplicated pregnancy, individuals with obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and gestational hypertension exhibited sympathetic hyperactivity, while individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia did not. Uncomplicated pregnancies exhibited a lesser response to head-up tilt, but an exaggerated sympathetic responsiveness to cold pressor stress compared to non-pregnant individuals. MSNA is higher in pregnant individuals and further increased with some, but not all pregnancy complications. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42022311590.
Maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) affect 5%-10% of pregnancies and have been associated with excess maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The primary aim of this study was to reliably estimate absolute and relative risks of CVD after HDP. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of women who had singleton pregnancies in New South Wales, Australia, between 2002 and 2016 and identified using linked population health administrative databases. The primary exposure was new-onset HDP (pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational hypertension), and the endpoint was hospitalisation or death due to ischaemic or hypertensive heart disease, or stroke. Kaplan-Meier analysis estimated risks among mothers following their first birth, and multivariable time-dependent Cox regression estimated the association between HDP and CVD. RESULTS: Among 528 106 women, 10.3% experienced HDP in their first pregnancy. The 10-year estimated risk of CVD was 2.1 per 1000 if no HDP and 5.5 per 1000 following HDP. Adjusting for demographics, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age and preterm birth, we found that there was an interaction between smoking and HDP, and a larger effect of early-onset (<34 weeks) HDP, compared with late-onset HDP. The HR for women with early-onset HDP who did not smoke was 4.90 (95% CI 3.00 to 7.80) and the HR for those who did smoke was 23.5 (95% CI 13.5 to 40.5), each compared with women without HDP who did not smoke. CONCLUSION: In this nationally representative Australian cohort, HDP, especially early onset, conferred a clear increase in the risk of CVD, with amplification by smoking. Targeted preventive health, during and after pregnancy, could prevent a substantial burden of CVD among childbearing women.
Parity, weight change, and maternal risk of cardiovascular events.; BACKGROUND: High parity has been suggested to increase risk of maternal cardiovascular disease independent of body mass index measured after childbearing. Pregnancy is, however, associated with persistent weight gain and metabolic changes that, independent of parity, increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. It could therefore be questioned if high parity independently increases the risk of cardiovascular disease or if this association may be confounded, mediated, or modified by other parity-related factors. OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate the association between parity and risk of cardiovascular disease, and secondary outcomes in terms of myocardial infarction and cerebral infarction, with particular focus on potential mediation by anthropometric measures and effect modification by lactation. STUDY DESIGN: We used data from 16,515 female participants (age 44.5-73.6 years) of the population-based Malmö Diet and Cancer Study with baseline examination from 1991 through 1996. The Malmö Diet and Cancer Study was followed up throughout 2010, with a median follow-up of 15.8 years. We used Cox proportional hazards model to examine the association between parity and cardiovascular disease. RESULTS: Adjusted for age and other potential confounders, grand multiparous women (≥5 children) had an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (hazard ratio, 1.60; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-2.14), myocardial infarction (hazard ratio, 1.68; 95% confidence interval, 1.15-2.45), and cerebral infarction (hazard ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.18-2.58) compared to women with 2 children. Additional adjustment for baseline body mass index and weight change since age 20 years attenuated the risk, but the increased risk for cardiovascular disease (hazard ratio, 1.38; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.87) and myocardial infarction (hazard ratio, 1.53; 95% confidence interval, 1.04-2.26) in grand multiparous women remained significant. Models stratified by lactation time showed that risk was only raised in grand multiparous women who had a mean lactation time of <4 mo/child. In sensitivity analyses excluding women with a history of diabetes at baseline, risk estimates for grand multiparous women became nonsignificant in the full model. CONCLUSION: Part of the increased risk of cardiovascular disease and myocardial infarction in grand multiparous women seems to be mediated by weight gain and potentially by higher likelihood of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Lactation may modify the increased risk of grand multiparity in that longer duration might offset the cardiovascular disease risk.
Relationship between fetal peak systolic velocity in Middle cerebral artery and umbilical blood gas values and hemoglobin levels in diabetic pregnant women.; PURPOSE: To assess the relationship between peak systolic velocity in the middle cerebral artery (MCA-PSV) and fetal hypoxia in diabetic pregnant women requiring insulin therapy. METHODS: The data of diabetic pregnant women using insulin who were followed in our departments were reviewed retrospectively. The relationships between MCA-PSV and umbilical cord pO2, pCO2, base deficit, hemoglobin, and birth weight were analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 120 cases were included in the final analysis. The median (Q(1) - Q(3) ) gestational age at Doppler evaluation was 37 weeks 3 days (37-38 weeks and 2 days), and the mean ± SD gestational age at delivery was 38 weeks 4 days ± 3days. The mean ± SD hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level was 5.7% ± 1.0% and, median (Q(1) -Q(3) ) daily total insulin dose was 25 U (10U-48U). There was no statistically significant correlation between MCA-PSV and pH, PO2, PCO2, base deficit, Hb, and birth weight (Spearman correlation, r:-.001[P = .99], r:-.011[P = .90], r:-.052 [P = .51], r: .049[P = .59], r: .049 [P = .59], r: .030 [P = .75], respectively). Using binary logistic regression analysis, no independent factor for the prediction of fetal acidosis (venous pH < 7.23), and metabolic acidosis (base deficit >6.3 mmol/L) was detected. CONCLUSION: MCA-PSV is not a good indicator of fetal polycythemia or chronic hypoxia in fetuses of diabetic pregnant women. Fetal well-being should be monitored with other tools in these circumstances.
Intrauterine growth restriction as a potential risk factor for disease onset in adulthood.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and obesity in adulthood. Several studies on diverse geographic and ethnic cohorts have provided evidence that being born small for gestational age (SGA) increases adult disease risk through various pathways of metabolic dysregulation. Unfavorable influences in the fetal environment may program metabolic homeostasis in later life affecting blood pressure, glucose tolerance and lipid regulation. Fetal restricted protein supply may impair the development of the kidney and reduce the nephron number, which is involved in blood pressure regulation. Moreover, children exposed to IUGR may exhibit postnatal rapid catch-up growth, altered body composition, increased visceral adiposity and low adiponectin levels which predispose to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus in adulthood. Impairment in fetal pancreatic development and subsequent insulin signalling deficits due to IUGR may also be involved in the pathogenesis of these conditions. This review summarizes some of the hypotheses that have been put forward to explain the association between fetal growth restriction and subsequent metabolic dysregulation that may increase adult disease risk.
Risk of venous thromboembolism in Chinese pregnant women: Hong Kong venous thromboembolism study.; BACKGROUND: Previous Caucasian studies have described venous thromboembolism in pregnancy; however, little is known about its incidence during pregnancy and early postpartum period in the Chinese population. We investigated the risk of venous thromboembolism in a "real-world" cohort of pregnant Chinese women with no prior history of venous thromboembolism. METHODS: In this observational study, 15,325 pregnancies were identified in 14,162 Chinese women at Queen Mary Hospital, Hong Kong between January 2004 and September 2016. Demographic data, obstetric information, and laboratory and imaging data were retrieved and reviewed. RESULTS: The mean age at pregnancy was 32.4±5.3 years, and the median age was 33 years (interquartile range, 29-36 yr). Pre-existing or newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus was present in 627 women (4.1%); 359 (0.7%) women had pre-existing or newly detected hypertension. There was a small number of women with pre-existing heart disease and/or rheumatic conditions. Most deliveries (86.0%) were normal vaginal; the remaining were Cesarean section 2,146 (14.0%). The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 0.4 per 1,000 pregnancies, of which 83.3% were deep vein thrombosis and 16.7% were pulmonary embolism. In contrast to previous studies, 66.7% of venous thrombosis occurred in the first trimester. CONCLUSION: Chinese women had a substantially lower risk of venous thromboembolism during pregnancy and the postpartum period compared to that of Caucasians. The occurrence of pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism was largely confined to the early pregnancy period, probably related to the adoption of thromboprophylaxis, a lower rate of Cesarean section, and early mobilization.
Measuring the Area of the Interventricular Septum in the 4-Chamber View: A New Technique to Evaluate the Fetus at Risk for Septal Hypertrophy.; OBJECTIVES: One of the problems for the clinician who desires to measure the interventricular septum (IVS) in a high-risk fetus is to know where to make the measurement. The purpose of this study was to use speckle-tracking analysis to measure the IVS area, 24-segment widths, and length at end-diastole (ED) and end-systole (ES) in normal fetuses. METHODS: From the 4-chamber view, speckle-tracking analysis was performed at ED and ES on the IVS in 200 normal fetuses. The following were computed and regressed against gestational age (GA) and fetal biometric (FB) measurements: area, length, and the 24-segment transverse widths from the apex to the crux. The 24-segment width/length ratio was also measured. The speckle-tracking measurements of the ED area and length were compared using a point-to-point measurement tool available on all ultrasound machines. RESULTS: The ED and ES areas, lengths, and 24-segment widths increased with GA and FB. The ED and ES areas were virtually identical. The 24-segment width/length ratio decreased from the apex to the crux of the septum. There was no significant difference in the measurement of the ED area and the length between speckle-tracking and the point-to-point measurements. CONCLUSIONS: Measurement of the area and length of the IVS are simple to obtain and provide a new diagnostic tool to evaluate the fetus at risk for IVS hypertrophy which may be observed in fetuses of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes.
Abnormal carbohydrate metabolism during pregnancy : association with endothelial dysfunction.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether abnormal endothelial function, a common finding in premenopausal women with type 2 diabetes, is present in early states of diabetes during pregnancy, such as impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) (endothelium-dependent) and nitrate-induced dilatation (NID) (endothelium-independent) were measured in 23 pregnant subjects with carbohydrate abnormalities (10 IGT, 13 GDM) and in 15 pregnant control subjects during the third trimester of gestation. High-resolution vascular ultrasonography was used to perform these investigations. A fasting lipid panel was obtained, and glucose and insulin values in response to a 100-g oral glucose load were also measured. RESULTS: FMD was significantly reduced in both groups of women with abnormal carbohydrate metabolism compared with control subjects (7.6 +/- 1.1% in the IGT group and 4.1 +/- 0.9% in the GDM group vs. 10.9 +/- 1.1% in control subjects, P < 0.04 and P < 0.0001, respectively). Significant difference in FMD was also observed between IGT and GDM groups (P < 0.04). NID was comparable in the three groups. Among all subjects, FMD showed a strong independent negative correlation with glycemic area (r=-0.60, P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Endothelial dysfunction, an early marker of macrovascular disease, is present in pregnancies complicated by IGT and GDM. This alteration, which seems to be directly related to glycemic levels, could explain, at least in part, the increased risk for concurrent hypertensive disorders during pregnancy in these women.
Cord blood serum in newborns of diabetic mothers.; Serum cholesterol, triglycerides and lipoprotein cholesterol were measured in cord bloods from 117 newborns. Group I consisted of 39 infants of diabetic mothers and Group II (control) consisted of 78 newborns of non-diabetic mothers. The most significant difference in serum lipids between the two groups was the higher levels of LDL cholesterol and lower levels of HDL cholesterol in the newborns of diabetic mothers. Cord blood serum cholesterol was slightly, but not significantly, higher in children born of diabetic mothers. Serum triglycerides were also not significantly different between the groups. While it remains to be established whether elevated levels of LDL cholesterol and decreased levels of HDL cholesterol at birth in these infants represent a transient phenomenon, this study suggests that newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life.
Role of 20-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid (20-HETE) in vascular system.; Cytochrome P450s (P450) metabolize arachidonic acid (AA) to hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids (HETEs) and epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs). Among these eicosanoids, 20-HETE is formed in a tissue and cell-specific fashion and plays an important role in the regulation of vascular tone in the brain, kidney, heart and splanchnic beds. 20-HETE is a potent vasoconstrictor produced in vascular smooth muscle (VSM) cells. It depolarizes VSM by blocking the open-state probability of Ca2+-activated K+-channels. Inhibitors of the formation of 20-HETE block the myogenic response of renal and cerebral arterioles in vitro and autoregulation of renal and cerebral blood flow in vivo. The formation of 20-HETE in vascular smooth muscle is stimulated by angiotensin II, endothelin and norepinephrine and is inhibited by nitric oxide (NO). 20-HETE also stimulates mitogenic and angiogenic responses in vitro and in vivo. Changes in the production of 20-HETE have been observed in ischemic cerebrovascular diseases, cardiac ischemia-reperfusion injury, kidney diseases, hypertension, diabetes, uremia, toxemia of pregnancy. The physiological and pathophysiological role of 20-HETE in the regulation of vascular tone are being revealed by the use of newly developed inhibitors of the synthesis of 20-HETE and 20-HETE analogs. The present review summarizes recent findings implicating a critical role for 20-HETE in altering cardiovascular function in a variety of pathological conditions.
Maternal BMI, glucose tolerance, and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to estimate the association of pregravid body mass index (BMI), independent of 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results, with pregnancy outcome. STUDY DESIGN: In this secondary analysis of a cohort of women with untreated mild gestational glucose intolerance, which was defined as a 50-g glucose loading test between 135 and 199 mg/dL and fasting glucose level of <95 mg/dL, we modeled the association between pregravid BMI, OGTT results, and both pregnancy complications and neonatal adiposity. RESULTS: Among 1250 participants, both pregravid BMI and glucose at hour 3 of the OGTT were associated with increased risk of gestational hypertension. Maternal pregravid BMI also was associated positively with large-for-gestational-age infants; both maternal BMI and fasting glucose were associated with birthweight z-score and neonatal fat mass. CONCLUSION: Among women with untreated mild gestational glucose intolerance, pregravid BMI is associated with increased gestational hypertension, birthweight, and neonatal fat mass, independent of OGTT values.
[The child from families with type 1 diabetes].; Diabetes type 1 is observed in individuals with a genetic predisposition to the disease. Observed is a 3-5 fold risk for congenital defects, therefore diabetes type 1 is one of the highest known teratogenic risk factor. The main factor responsible for the development of congenital defects is hyperglycemia. Observed are congenital defects of the central nervous system, the bones, urinary and digestive tract. Characteristic is macrosomia. Observed are hypocalcemia, hypomagnesemia, polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, respiratory disturbances. Children from families with diabetes type 1 are at high risk for the development of the disease in the newborn period, additional diseases. They must be in permanent medical control.
[Myocardial infarct in the puerperium].; Two women of 34 and 31 years suffered an acute myocardial infarction in the puerperium. One of them had many risk factors for atherosclerosis: hypercholesterolaemia, hypertriglyceridaemia, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity, nicotine abuse and a positive family history for cardiovascular disease. She had an occluded right coronary artery and was successfully treated with percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty. The other patient had an acute myocardial infarction after her first delivery. She was known with hypercholesterolaemia, obesity and nicotine abuse. During her latest pregnancy she was treated with acetylsalicylic acid. Again she developed an acute myocardial infarction in the puerperium, probably due to coronary dissection. Although the incidence of acute myocardial infarction is low in the peripartal period (less than 1 in 10,000) the diagnosis should be considered when a woman presents with chest pain or dyspnoea.
Obesity and the risk and detection of fetal malformations.; The incidence of obesity in pregnancy has increased over the past 2 decades, with nearly 50% of U.S. women aged 15-49 years classified as overweight or obese. Obesity (independent of diabetes) among gravidae poses unique risks that extend toward the fetus, with several large population-based analyses demonstrating independent increased risks for fetal malformations including neural tube defects, cardiac anomalies, and orofacial clefts, as well as stillbirth and macrosomia. Unfortunately, several lines of evidence also suggest that the quality of the prenatal fetal anatomic survey and certain aspects of prenatal diagnostic screening programs are significantly limited. The net effect is that among obese gravidae, the increased risk of fetal anomalies is further offset by a concomitant diminished ability to sonographically detect such malformations in the prenatal interval. The purpose of this summary review is to systematically examine the evidence suggesting an increased risk of fetal malformations in obese gravidae, the contributing role of diabetes, and the limitations of prenatal diagnostic and sonographic screening among this at-risk population.
Cardiac troponin I levels and its relation to echocardiographic findings in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Cardiomyopathy is noted in up to 40% of infants of diabetic mothers, and the exact mechanisms responsible for it are unknown. The aim of this study was to compare between infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) and infants of non- diabetic mothers (INDM) as regards cardiac troponin I (cTnI) levels (as a marker of cardiac dysfunction) and to examine the relationship between this marker and neonatal echocardiographic changes (cardiac structure and function). METHODS: A prospective, comparative study included eighty full term neonates during the first three days of life, during the period from April 2008 to June 2011. They were divided into 2 groups, group I: included 40 infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs)and group II: included 40 infants of non diabetic healthy mothers as a control group. RESULTS: 37.5% of the IDMs were large for gestational age and demonstrated a significantly lower blood glucose level than the control group (34.6 ± 11.3mg/dl Vs 77.2 ± 19.8 mg/dl respectively) , respiratory distress and cyanosis were the presenting signs in 67.5% of IDMs. Cardiac TnI on the second day of life increased significantly in infants of diabetic mothers in comparison to INDM (p < 0.006) . IDMs had a significant increase in left atrial thickness ( 11.5 ± 1.8mm in IDM Vs 10.5 ± 0.9mm in INDM P < 0.002*) and a significant increase in septal thickness (5.0 ± 1.2mm in IDM Vs 4.0 ± 0.5mm in INDM P < 0.001*). CTnI correlated positively with interventricular septum thickness (P-value = 0.002*). Cardiac TnI was significantly increased in IDMs with respiratory distress (P -value < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrated a highly significant positive correlation between cTnI level on the second day of life and the left ventricular end diastolic diameter (LVED) and interventricular septum diameter (IVSD). Cardiac troponin I (cTnI) is a useful biochemical marker for monitoring myocardial injury in infants of diabetic mothers. An elevated cTnI concentration in infants of diabetic mothers with respiratory distress was a good predictor for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and/or left ventricular dysfunction.
Pregnancy in women with physical and intellectual disability: psychiatric implications.; Women with disabilities feel the desire for motherhood as much as women without special clinical needs. Their fertility is often not impacted by disability and they can have children. However, several issues must be considered, depending on the physical, mental or developmental disability. Women with a physical disability often experience higher risks of caesarean section, preterm birth, growth restriction and low birth weight when compared to controls. Women with intellectual or developmental disabilities are often young, unmarried, unemployed and have limited access to care. They often struggle following instructions or recognizing the conditions that require medical help. They are more likely to experience preeclampsia, diabetes, venous thromboembolism, cesarean delivery, infant low birth weight, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit admission, and perinatal death. Moreover, an association between psychiatric morbidity and alcohol abuse was proved by several pieces of evidence and it can cause serious damage to fetus and newborn causing Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders. Fetus and the newborn of disabled mothers are exposed to specific risks depending on the mother's conditions: the main risk fetuses are exposed to during pregnancy is exposure to drugs and therapies which cannot be suspended and whose effects over pregnancy are not known. Moreover, some conditions causing maternal disability could elevate the risk for the baby to be similarly affected. It is important that both women and men with disabilities could be provided with accurate, accessible, and understandable information about sexual health and options regarding contraception and reproduction. It's important for women with disabilities to have the chance to discuss sexual matters, pregnancy desires and concerns with healthcare providers so they can provide appropriate screenings, contraceptive services, preconception, and prenatal care. Among healthcare providers, midwives are the frontline healthcare professionals who have the role, the possibility and the education to perform influential counseling on women about lifestyles and reproductive health.
Lack of exercise is a major cause of chronic diseases.; Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longer-term sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life.
IMPACT OF PERCUTANEOUS CORONARY INTERVENTION ON MARKERS OF MATRIX DEGRADATION AND ENDOTHELIAL-DEPENDENT MEDIATORS IN PATIENTS WITH ACUTE MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION AND DIABETES MELLITUS TYPE 2.; Aim of study ‒ assess an impact of percutaneous coronary intervention on markers of matrix degradation (MMP-13, TIMP-4) and endothelial-dependent mediators (sVE-cadherin, ADMA) in patients with acute myocardial infarction and diabetes mellitus type 2. 110 patients with AMI were enrolled in the study, 70 patients had concomitant diabetes mellitus type 2. They were additionally divided into two subgroups depending on the treatment (percutaneous coronary intervention or conservative therapy). According to the obtained results, misbalance of extracellular matrix degradation markers (MMP-13, TIMP-4) and endothelial dysfunction (sVE-cadherin, ADMA) were revealed in patients with acute myocardial infarction. Performing of PCI procedure contributes to the significant lowering of MMP-13, sVE-cadherin, ADMA and increasing of TIMP-4 in diabetic patients. It was establishted that performing of percutaneous coronary intervention in patients with acute myocardial infarction and diabetes mellitus type 2 contributes to the maintenance of extracellular matrix that prevents myocardium remodeling and improvement of endothelial function.
Assessment of coagulation system activation using spot urine measurements.; Coagulation system activation is most commonly assessed by measuring levels of one or more proteins in peripheral blood. Because faulty blood-drawing can cause activation of the coagulation system, artifactual elevations of such markers have been reported. We have therefore investigated the possibility of using randomly collected ('spot') urine samples as a non-invasive means of assessing the state of coagulation system activation. Using a commercially available enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay kit designed to measure plasma levels of fragment 1 + 2, we found immunoreactive fragment 2 in healthy control subjects, and significantly increased levels in diabetic and non-diabetic pregnant subjects, and patients with venous thromboembolism, prostate cancer, and diabetes. Measurements of excretion of immunoreactive fragment 2 are worth further study as an adjunct or alternative to plasma-based assays designed to detect or quantify coagulation system activation.
The prevalence and outcomes of α- and β-thalassemia among pregnant women in Hubei Province, Central China: An observational study.; There is no information concerning the prevalence of thalassemia among pregnant women in Hubei Province currently. This study is aimed to explore the prevalence of α- and β-thalassemia genotypes among pregnant women in Hubei Province, and to explore the clinically applicable screening approach, as well as to investigate the pregnancy outcomes of α- and β-thalassemia carriers.Pregnant participants were recruited from 4 hospitals for the screening of α- and β-thalassemia mutations in Hubei Province. Polymerase Chain Reaction and flow cytometry methods were used to examine α- and β-thalassemia mutations. The hematological parameters and pregnancy outcomes of α- and β-thalassemia carriers were obtained from the hospital information system. The chi-square tests were used to evaluate the difference in hematological parameters between pregnant thalassemia carriers and the control group.Among 11,875 participants, 414 (3.49%) were confirmed with α-thalassemia carriers, 228 (1.92%) were confirmed with β-thalassemia carriers, and 3 (0.03%) were confirmed with both α- and β-thalassemia carriers. The frequency of -α3.7 accounted for 2.05% and it was the most frequent genotype of α-thalassemia; the proportion of IVS-II-654 was 0.85% and it was the most frequent genotype of β-thalassemia in Hubei Province. Furthermore, the proportion of patients with low mean corpuscular volume (MCV) or mean cell hemoglobin (MCH) values was accounted for 36.64% and 93.97% among α-thalassemia and β-thalassemia carriers, respectively. And participants with normal MCV and MCH values were accounted for 95.07% among non-thalassemia participants. High prevalence of pregnancy-induced diabetes (16.97%), preterm birth (9.96%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (8.12%), and low birth weight (5.90%) were observed among pregnant thalassemia carriers.MCV and MCH values were suggested to apply on the preliminary screening of pregnant β-thalassemia; however, it's unpractical on that of α-thalassemia. Furthermore, thalassemia carriers might have a high risk of negative pregnancy outcomes. These findings could be useful for the preliminary screening of thalassemia and perinatal care for the pregnant thalassemia carriers.
High intake of energy, sucrose, and polyunsaturated fatty acids is associated with increased risk of preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Preeclampsia is associated with high body mass index, insulin resistance, and hypertriglyceridemia. Our objective was to investigate prospectively whether diet in the first half of pregnancy is associated with the risk for preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: This prospective, population-based, cohort study of pregnant women investigated dietary intake early in the second trimester with a quantitative food frequency questionnaire. RESULTS: The questionnaire was completed by 3133 women (83%). Preeclampsia developed in 85 women. Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for preeclampsia was 3.7 (1.5-8.9) for energy intake of >3350 kcal/d compared with < or =2000 kcal/d. Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for preeclampsia was 3.6 (1.3-9.8) for sucrose intake (percent of total energy) of >25% compared with < or =8.5% and 2.6 (1.3-5.4) for polyunsaturated fatty acids intake (percent of total energy) of >7.5% compared with < or =5.2%. Other energy-providing nutrients were not associated with the risk for preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: The current study suggests that high intakes of energy, sucrose, and polyunsaturated fatty acids independently increase the risk for preeclampsia.
New gestational weight gain guidelines: an observational study of pregnancy outcomes in obese women.; In 2009, the Institute of Medicine (IOM) revised their pregnancy weight gain guidelines, recommending gestational weight gain of 11-20 pounds for women with prepregnancy BMI >30 kg/m(2). We investigated the potential influence of the new guidelines on perinatal outcomes using a retrospective analysis (n = 691), comparing obese women who gained weight during pregnancy according to the new guidelines to those who gained weight according to traditional recommendations (25-35 pounds). We found no statistical difference between the two weight gain groups in infant birth weight, cesarean delivery rate, pregnancy-related hypertension, low birth weight infants, macrosomia, neonatal intensive care unit admissions, or total nursery days. Despite showing no evidence of other benefits, our data suggest that obese women who gain weight according to new IOM guidelines are no more likely to have low birth weight infants. In the absence of national consensus on appropriate gestational weight gain guidelines, our data provide useful data for clinicians when providing evidence-based weight gain goals for their obese patients.
Intergenerational Effects of Health Issues Among Women of Childbearing Age: a Review of the Recent Literature.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review summarizes the latest scientific evidence, primarily from systematic reviews/meta-analyses and large cohort studies, on the impact of health issues among women of childbearing age and their effect on their offspring during pregnancy and from birth to adulthood. RECENT FINDINGS: Women of childbearing age with overweight/obesity, diabetes, and hypertension prior to pregnancy are at increased risk for adverse outcomes during pregnancy, such as excessive gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. These adverse outcomes could complicate delivery and put their offspring at risk of developing overweight/obesity, diabetes, and hypertension (i.e., intergenerational transmission of health issues). Interventions should target women of childbearing age, especially those who wish to conceive, in order to possibly stop the transmission of women's health issues to the offspring and favor a healthy pregnancy from the start. This could be one of the best strategies to promote both maternal and child health.
Calcium metabolism in pregnancy and the perinatal period: a review.; Calcium homeostasis is a complex process involving calcium, other involved ions, and three calcitropic hormones, parathyroid hormone, calcitonin, and 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3. The principal maternal adjustment during pregnancy is an increasing parathyroid hormone secretion which maintains the serum calcium concentration in the face of a falling albumin level, an expanding extracellular fluid volume, an increasing renal excretion, and placental calcium transfer. The placenta transports calcium ions actively, making the fetus hypercalcemic relative to its mother, which in turn stimulates calcitonin release and perhaps suppresses parathyroid hormone secretion by the fetus. A unique extrarenal system for 1 alpha-hydroxylation of 25-hydroxyvitamin D3 exists in the placenta and/or decidua, providing a source of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 for the fetus. With the abrupt cessation of the placental source of calcium at birth, the neonate's serum calcium level falls for 24 to 48 hours, then stabilizes and rises slightly. Hyperparathyroidism during pregnancy causes complications in both mother and infant and should usually be treated surgically as soon as diagnosed. Maternal hypoparathyroidism can be treated satisfactorily with high doses of supplemental calcium and vitamin D. Osteopenia accompanying long-term heparin administration may respond to 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (calcitriol) therapy. Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with disturbed neonatal calcium homeostasis, perhaps due to chronic hypomagnesemia. A possible etiologic role of calcium deficiency in pregnancy-related hypertension has been suggested. Dietary deficiency of calcium and/or vitamin D during gestation may lead to several adverse effects in the newborn infant.
Delayed postnatal adaptation of pulmonary hemodynamics in infants of diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis with Doppler ultrasound method that the postnatal adaptation of the pulmonary and ductal hemodynamics in infants of diabetic mothers is disturbed. STUDY DESIGN: Infants of diabetic mothers are prone to respiratory distress caused by characteristic fetal metabolic abnormalities such as hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia with subsequent excess fetal growth. However, the postnatal course of the pulmonary and ductal hemodynamics is poorly known in these neonates. The presence of ductal shunting and the mean aortopulmonary pressure difference across the ductus arteriosus reflecting pulmonary artery pressure, as well as the left ventricular output, were serially evaluated with Doppler ultrasound method at 2, 12, 24, 48, and 72 hours of age in 47 infants of diabetic mothers and 37 control neonates of nondiabetic mothers. RESULTS: The infants of diabetic mothers had a higher incidence of patent ductus arteriosus at 12 (p = 0.03) and 48 hours (p = 0.006) of life than control infants, but none of the infants of diabetic mothers needed ductal closure. Bidirectional ductal shunting was found more frequently in infants of diabetic mothers than control infants during the first day of life. The mean ductal aortopulmonary pressure difference was significantly higher in the control infants than in infants of diabetic mothers during the first 24 hours of life (p = 0.002). The mean systemic pressure values were higher in the infants of diabetic mothers than control infants (p = 0.002), but no significant differences in the left ventricular output were seen between the study groups during the first 3 days of life. CONCLUSIONS: The closure of the ductus arteriosus and postnatal decrease in pulmonary artery pressure are delayed in infants of diabetic mothers when compared with control infants during the first days of life. Left ventricular output values in infants of diabetic mothers do not differ from those of the control infants.
Plasma insulin levels in childhood are related to maternal factors--results of the Ulm Birth Cohort Study.; AIMS: The cardiovascular risk factor profile of a child as well as the development of body weight are influenced by genetic and childhood factors. Circulating insulin concentrations reflect the metabolic cardiovascular risk and may trigger weight gain. We aimed at identifying parental and childhood factors which may influence fasting plasma insulin concentrations in children. METHODS: The Ulm Birth Cohort study (UBCS) is a prospective birth cohort study. At baseline, birth characteristics, maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) values as well as parental socioeconomic parameters were obtained. At the 8-yr follow-up examination, weights, heights, and fasting plasma insulin concentrations in n = 422 children and their parents were measured. Offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus were excluded from statistical analysis. RESULTS: Fasting plasma insulin concentrations of children were significantly correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI values (r = 0.16) as well as with maternal (r = 0.26) but not with paternal fasting plasma insulin concentrations (r = 0.11) at the 8-yr follow-up examination. The risk for high fasting plasma insulin concentrations (≥75th internal percentile) was 2.30 (1.34-3.92) in children who also had high plasma insulin concentrations in umbilical cord blood compared to children having lower plasma insulin concentrations (<75th internal percentile) in umbilical cord blood. In addition, we observed that children with high fasting plasma insulin concentrations at the age of 8 had an altered BMI trajectory in childhood, characterized by higher BMI values from the age of 1 onwards, compared to children with lower insulin concentrations. CONCLUSION: Our observations support the hypothesis of perinatal programming of offspring insulin concentrations and BMI values by maternal pre-pregnancy BMI values.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes in women with history of coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy outcomes in women with pre-existing coronary artery disease (CAD) are poorly described. There is a paucity of data therefore on which to base clinical management to counsel women, with regard to both maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHOD: We conducted a retrospective multicentre study of women with established CAD delivering at 16 UK specialised cardiac obstetric clinics. We included pregnancies of 24 weeks' gestation or more, delivered between January 1998 and October 2018. Data were collected on maternal cardiovascular, obstetric and neonatal events. RESULTS: 79 women who had 92 pregnancies (94 babies including two sets of twins) were identified. 35.9% had body mass index >30% and 24.3% were current smokers. 18/79 (22.8%) had prior diabetes, 27/79 (34.2%) had dyslipidaemia and 21/79 (26.2%) had hypertension. The underlying CAD was due to atherosclerosis in 52/79 (65.8%), spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) in 11/79 (13.9%), coronary artery spasm in 7/79 (8.9%) and thrombus in 9/79 (11.4%).There were six adverse cardiac events (6.6% event rate), one non-ST elevation myocardial infarction at 23 weeks' gestation, two SCAD recurrences (one at 26 weeks' gestation and one at 9 weeks' postpartum), one symptomatic deterioration in left ventricular function and two women with worsening angina. 14% of women developed pre-eclampsia, 25% delivered preterm and 25% of infants were born small for gestational age. CONCLUSION: Women with established CAD have relatively low rates of adverse cardiac events in pregnancy. Rates of adverse obstetric and neonatal events are greater, highlighting the importance of multidisciplinary care.
Unique cardiovascular risk factors in women.; Despite an overall reduction in cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in the USA, the rate of coronary heart disease and CVD mortality is on the rise in younger women aged 35 to 54 years. This has been attributed to an increasing prevalence of CVD risk factors, which can portend disparate outcomes in women versus men. Women with diabetes and those who smoke have an excess relative risk of CVD when compared with their male counterparts. In addition to these discrepancies in traditional risk factors, a number of clinical conditions unique to women have been shown to increase CVD risks such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause and autoimmune diseases. The majority of these sex-specific risk factors can be identified at an early age, allowing for aggressive risk factor modification through lifestyle changes and, in certain patients, medications. The recently published 2018 American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) hypercholesterolaemia and 2019 ACC/AHA primary prevention guidelines reflect this, citing pre-eclampsia, early menopause and autoimmune diseases as 'risk enhancers' that if present may favour initiation of statin therapy in borderline or intermediate risk patients. This comprehensive review addresses both traditional and unique risk factors of CVD in women, as well as sex-specific risk stratification and management options.
[Clinical characteristics of patients with acute pulmonary embolism in high altitude area of Yunnan province in China].; Objective: To analyze the clinical features of patients with acute pulmonary embolism (APE) living in high altitude area of Yunnan province. Methods: This was a cross-sectional retrospective study. APE patients, hospitalized in our hospital between January 2017 and December 2019, were included. The selected patients were divided into low-risk group, medium-risk group and high-risk group according to risk stratification. The clinical data of patients, including demographic data, the main symptoms, risk factors of APE, heart rate and systolic blood pressure and laboratory testing results (D-dimer, cardiac troponin I (cTNI), N terminal B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP)) and echocardiography and electrocardiogram examination results, were obtained through the electronic medical record system. The clinical characteristics of selected patients were analyzed. Results: A total of 392 patients, aged (63.5±15.7) years, 224 males (57.14%), were included in this study and there were 59 low-risk, 304 medium-risk and 29 high-risk patients in this cohort. The main clinical manifestations were chest pain (157(40.05%)), dyspnea (107(27.30%)), hemoptysis (55(14.03%)), syncope as the first symptom (20(5.10%)), and only 6 cases (1.53%) presented with the typical "Virchow's triad". Most of the patients were accompanied by atypical chest tightness (223(56.89%)) and cough (208(53.06%)). The main risk factors were venous thrombosis of lower limbs (179(45.66%)), hypertension (138(35.20%)), surgery (63(16.07%)), and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) (62(15.82%)). There were 57 cases (14.54%) of coronary heart disease, 57 cases (14.54%) of diabetes, 51 cases (13.01%) of cerebral infarction, 47 cases (12.00%) of advanced age, 15 cases (3.83%) of tumor, 7 cases (1.79%) of activity restriction, 6 cases (1.53%) of pregnancy and 4 cases (1.02%) of hormone use in this cohort. The proportion of lower extremity venous thrombosis was significantly higher in low-risk group than in medium-risk group (P<0.01), COPD was more common in high-risk and medium-risk groups than in low-risk group (P<0.01), hypertension was more common in high-risk group than in medium-and low-risk groups (P<0.01). The proportion of advanced age was significantly higher in medium-risk group than in low-risk group (P<0.01). There were no significant differences in RBC and hemoglobin level between low-, medium-and high-risk groups (P>0.05). The level of D-dimer was significantly higher in high-risk group than in medium-and low-risk groups (P<0.05). Levels of NT-proBNP and cTNI were significantly higher in high-risk group than in medium- and low-risk groups (P<0.05). Increased proportion of cTNI and NT-proBNP was significantly higher in high-risk group than in medium- and low-risk groups (P<0.05). There were 105 (26.79%) patients with pulmonary hypertension (PAH). The incidence of PAH was significantly higher in high-risk group than in low-risk group (P<0.01). There were 104 patients (26.53%) with right ventricular enlargement, and the incidence of right ventricular enlargement was significantly higher in high-risk group than in medium-and low-risk groups (P<0.01). Characteristic changes of electrocardiogram in patient with APE were T-wave inversion of limb leads (98(25.00%)), followed by S(Ⅰ)Q(Ⅲ)T(Ⅲ) (83(21.17%)). Conclusions: The main clinical manifestations of APE in Yunnan high altitude area are chest pain and dyspnea, and syncope is the first symptom in some patients, but the typical "Virchow's triad" is rare. The most common risk factors are lower extremity venous thrombosis, hypertension, and COPD. Clinical symptoms, risk factors and laboratory examination results differ among patients with different risk stratification.
Fetal programming and adult health.; Low birthweight is now known to be associated with increased rates of coronary heart disease and the related disorders stroke, hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes. These associations have been extensively replicated in studies in different countries and are not the result of confounding variables. They extend across the normal range of birthweight and depend on lower birthweights in relation to the duration of gestation rather than the effects of premature birth. The associations are thought to be consequences of 'programming', whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period of early life has permanent effects on structure, physiology and metabolism. Programming of the fetus may result from adaptations invoked when the materno-placental nutrient supply fails to match the fetal nutrient demand. Although the influences that impair fetal development and programme adult cardiovascular disease remain to be defined, there are strong pointers to the importance of maternal body composition and dietary balance during pregnancy.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in pregnancy and metabolic syndrome: a review.; This review presents available evidence for possible application of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in pregnant obese women with metabolic syndrome (MS) and focuses on prophylaxis of pregnancy complications associated with MS such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFAs has recently become popular and their adequate intake during pregnancy and early childhood is of clinical importance. The results of experimental and epidemiological investigations reveal that n-3 PUFAs, especially α- linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may decrease the risk of cardiovascular diseases. It is believed that n-3 PUFAs affect a multitude of molecular pathways, involving regulation of gene expression, alteration of physical and chemical properties of cellular membranes and modulation of membrane channels and proteins. A large body of evidence focuses on anti-inflammatory properties of PUFAs which seem to be fundamental in prevention and reversing of insulin resistance, atherogenic dyslipidemia, hypertension, thromboembolism and in improving vascular function. Despite the potential PUFAs benefits of decreasing insulin resistance, their application in order to prevent preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with MS has not yet been established. Numerous reports have revealed that appropriate fetal development, including neuronal, retinal and immune function depends on EPA and DHA which are crucial also for prevention of preterm birth. Thus the supplementation with EPA and DHA is highly recommended during pregnancy although the optimal dosing and treatment strategies still need to be determined.
Clinical features and risk factors in stroke in young.; A total of 251 young patients (less than 40 years) with stroke were admitted during a 7-year period and investigated. These constituted 30% of the total stroke patients admitted to this hospital. Among the young, 63% of strokes were of nonembolic occlusive group. Hemorrhagic strokes were observed in 26% cases. This study revealed that concurrent infection, nonspecific arteritis, diabetes mellitus and hypertension contribute very little to the stroke in younger population. However, cholesterol, beta-lipoproteins, triglycerides, platelet adhesiveness and platelet aggregation were significantly increased in some of the clinical groups.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risk factor management.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading health threat to American women. In addition to establish risk factors for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, smoking, and obesity, adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and gestational diabetes are now recognized as factors that increase a woman's risk for future CVD. CVD risk factor burden is disproportionately higher in those of low socioeconomic status and in ethnic/racial minority women. Since younger women often use their obstetrician/gynecologist as their primary health provider, this is an opportune time to diagnose and treat CVD risk factors early. Embedding preventive care providers such as nurse practitioners or physician assistants within OB/GYN practices can be considered, with referral to family medicine or internist for ongoing risk assessment and management. The American Heart Association (AHA)/American Stroke Association (ASA) stroke prevention guidelines tailored to women recommend that women with a history of pre-eclampsia can be evaluated for hypertension and other CVD risk factors within 6 months to 1-year post-partum. Given the burden and impact of CVD on women in our society, the entire medical community must work to establish feasible practice and referral patterns for assessment and treatment of CVD risk factors.
The epidemiology of polycystic ovary syndrome. Prevalence and associated disease risks.; Polycystic ovary syndrome is a common problem affecting approximately 5% of women of reproductive age when defined by clinical features of anovulation and hyperandrogenism. Metabolic derangements associated with this condition may predispose to a range of diseases with attendant morbidity and mortality risks. In general, available data support significantly increased rates of type II diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and endometrial cancer in PCOS that are not completely explained by obesity; data also suggest that rates of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and pregnancy-induced hypertension may likewise be increased, although the extent to which obesity mediates these risks is not clear. The increased prevalence of several cardiovascular risk factors in PCOS and limited cross-sectional data suggest that cardiovascular disease should be more likely in PCOS, but prospective data are lacking to confirm this supposition. Limited data have suggested an association between PCOS and ovarian cancer risk and require further study. The present data do not support an increased risk for breast cancer in this condition. Long-term prospective data are clearly needed to better delineate the nature and magnitude of disease risks associated with PCOS, with appropriate adjustment for associated obesity. Such information is a necessary background for understanding the role of established and emerging PCOS therapies, including oral contraceptives, intermittent progesterone, ovulation induction agents, and insulin sensitizers, in modifying such risks. In the meantime, close follow-up of women with PCOS and encouragement of lifestyle practices likely to reduce disease risks, such as regular exercise and weight control, should be standard practice.
Performance of the ultrasound examination in the early and late third trimester for the prediction of birth weight deviations.; OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to define the optimal gestational age in the third trimester, early (30-33 weeks + 6 days) versus late (34-37 weeks), for performing an ultrasound examination for fetal biometry to predict birth weight deviations: small for gestational age (SGA ≤ 5th centile) and large for gestational age (LGA ≥ 95th centile) neonates. METHODS: We used an observational cross-sectional study in uncomplicated singleton pregnancies that had a third trimester ultrasound for fetal biometry and umbilical and middle cerebral fetal Doppler studies. Estimated fetal weight and fetal Doppler parameters were the examined variables for the prediction of SGA and LGA. RESULTS: Three thousand six hundred ninety women had an early examination, and 2288 women had a late one. For a screen-positive rate of 10%, estimated fetal weight achieved 58% and 53.4% sensitivity for the prediction of SGA [area under the curve (AUC) = 0.8578, p < 0.001] and LGA (AUC = 0.8547, p < 0.001), respectively, by the early examination. Accordingly, the sensitivities significantly increased to 75.2% and 63.2% for the prediction of SGA (AUC = 0.9074, p < 0.001) and LGA (AUC = 0.8782, p < 0.001), respectively, by the late examination. The inclusion of the Doppler indices did not improve the predictive models. CONCLUSIONS: A late third trimester ultrasound was superior in the prediction of SGA and LGA, and this improvement was more pronounced for the prediction of SGA.
Practical approaches for the treatment of chronic heart failure: Frequently asked questions, overlooked points and controversial issues in current clinical practice.; Heart failure (HF) is a progressive disorder associated with impaired quality of life, high morbidity, mortality and frequent hospitalization and affects millions of people from all around the world. Despite further improvements in HF therapy, mortality and morbidity remains to be very high. The life-long treatment, frequent hospitalization, and sophisticated and very expensive device therapies for HF also leads a substantial economic burden on the health care system. Therefore, implementation of evidence-based guideline-recommended therapy is very important to overcome its worse clinical outcomes. However, HF therapy is a long process that has many drawbacks and sometimes HF guidelines cannot answers to every question which rises in everyday clinical practice. In this paper, commonly encountered questions, overlooked points, controversial issues, management strategies in grey zone and problems arising during follow up of a HF patient in real life clinical practice have been addressed in the form of expert opinions based on the available data in the literature.
Gestational hypertension: a neglected cardiovascular disease risk marker.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to examine hypertension and cholesterol screening, knowledge of heart attack symptoms, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among women with a history of gestational hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: We used weighted 2008 National Health Interview Survey data to examine health indicators and modifiable CVD risk factors and to estimate prevalence and adjusted odds ratios for recommended CVD screening and knowledge of heart attack symptoms by hypertension history among 11,970 adult women. RESULTS: Among women with gestational hypertension only (n = 301), 93% received the recommended screening for hypertension; 75% received screening for dyslipidemia, and 40% correctly identified 5 of 5 heart attack symptoms. The odds of CVD screenings and knowledge did not differ between women with a history of gestational hypertension and those with no hypertension. However, women with gestational hypertension had higher rates of obesity (43%), CVD (18%), and diabetes mellitus (13%), compared with women without a history of hypertension (21%, 8%, and 3%, respectively). CONCLUSION: A history of gestational hypertension is a neglected CVD risk marker.
Metformin decreases hyaluronan synthesis by vascular smooth muscle cells.; Metformin is the first-line drug in the treatment of type 2 diabetes worldwide based on its effectiveness and cardiovascular safety. Currently metformin is increasingly used during pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, even if the long-term effects of metformin on offspring are not exactly known. We have previously shown that high glucose concentration increases hyaluronan (HA) production of cultured human vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMC) via stimulating the expression of hyaluronan synthase 2 (HAS2). This offers a potential mechanism whereby hyperglycemia leads to vascular macroangiopathy. In this study, we examined whether gestational metformin use affects HA content in the aortic wall of mouse offspring in vivo. We also examined the effect of metformin on HA synthesis by cultured human VSMCs in vitro. We found that gestational metformin use significantly decreased HA content in the intima-media of mouse offspring aortas. In accordance with this, the synthesis of HA by VSMCs was also significantly decreased in response to treatment with metformin. This decrease in HA synthesis was shown to be due to the reduction of both the expression of HAS2 and the amount of HAS substrates, particularly UDP-N-acetylglucosamine. As shown here, gestational metformin use is capable to program reduced HA content in the vascular wall of the offspring strongly supporting the idea, that metformin possesses long-term vasculoprotective effects.
A Comparative Study of Eating Habits and Food Intake in Women with Gestational Diabetes according to Early Postpartum Glucose Tolerance Status.; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD); continuous life-style intervention, especially diet, is central to managing T2DM and CVD. However, little is known about the dietary patterns of women with GDM after delivery. The goal of this study was to compare the eating habits and food intakes of women diagnosed with GDM during the early postpartum period. METHODS: We performed a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 184 women with GDM between 6 and 12 weeks after delivery. Based on the results of the OGTT, the subjects were divided into three groups according to the American Diabetes Association criteria; normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n=100), pre-diabetes (n=73), and diabetes mellitus (DM) (n=11). Eating habits and usual food intake after delivery were investigated using a questionnaire, based on 24 hour-recall, which was administered by a trained dietitian. The daily intake data were analyzed using CAN Pro 3.0. Blood tests were performed pre- and post-delivery. RESULTS: Eating habits were not significantly different among the three groups. However, animal fat consumption was significantly different among the three groups. The intake ratio of fat calories to total calories was also significantly higher in the pre-diabetes and DM groups. CONCLUSION: Although diet in the period 6 to 12 weeks postpartum did not influence glucose level, it may be important to educate women with GDM about the risks of excessive animal fat intake during pregnancy and the postpartum period in order to prevent later onset of T2DM.
IndEcho study: cohort study investigating birth size, childhood growth and young adult cardiovascular risk factors as predictors of midlife myocardial structure and function in South Asians.; INTRODUCTION: South Asians have high rates of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidaemia and central obesity). Left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy and dysfunction are features of these disorders and important predictors of CVD mortality. Lower birth and infant weight and greater childhood weight gain are associated with increased adult CVD mortality, but there are few data on their relationship to LV function. The IndEcho study will examine associations of birth size, growth during infancy, childhood and adolescence and CVD risk factors in young adulthood with midlife cardiac structure and function in South Asian Indians. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We propose to study approximately 3000 men and women aged 43-50 years from two birth cohorts established in 1969-1973: the New Delhi Birth Cohort (n=1508) and Vellore Birth Cohort (n=2156). They had serial measurements of weight and height from birth to early adulthood. CVD risk markers (body composition, blood pressure, glucose tolerance and lipids) and lifestyle characteristics (tobacco and alcohol consumption, physical activity, socioeconomic status) were assessed at age ~30 years. Clinical measurements in IndEcho will include anthropometry, blood pressure, biochemistry (glucose, fasting insulin and lipids, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio) and body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry and bioelectrical impedance. Outcomes are LV mass and indices of LV systolic and diastolic function assessed by two-dimensional and Doppler echocardiography, carotid intimal-media thickness and ECG indicators of ischaemia. Regression and conditional growth models, adjusted for potential confounders, will be used to study associations of childhood and young adult exposures with these cardiovascular outcomes. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study has been approved by the Health Ministry Steering Committee, Government of India and institutional ethics committees of participating centres in India and the University of Southampton, UK. Results will be disseminated through scientific meetings and peer-reviewed journals. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ISRCTN13432279; Pre-results.
The actions of relaxin on the human cardiovascular system.; The insulin-like peptide relaxin, originally identified as a hormone of pregnancy, is now known to exert a range of pleiotropic effects including vasodilatory, anti-fibrotic, angiogenic, anti-apoptotic and anti-inflammatory effects in both males and females. Relaxin produces these effects by binding to a cognate receptor RXFP1 and activating a variety of signalling pathways including cAMP, cGMP and MAPKs as well as by altering gene expression of TGF-β, MMPs, angiogenic growth factors and endothelin receptors. The peptide has been shown to be effective in halting or reversing many of the adverse effects including fibrosis in animal models of cardiovascular disease including ischaemia/reperfusion injury, myocardial infarction, hypertensive heart disease and cardiomyopathy. Relaxin given to humans is safe and produces favourable haemodynamic changes. Serelaxin, the recombinant form of relaxin, is now in extended phase III clinical trials for the treatment of acute heart failure. Previous clinical studies indicated that a 48 h infusion of relaxin improved 180 day mortality, yet the mechanism underlying this effect is not clear. This article provides an overview of the cellular mechanism of effects of relaxin and summarizes its beneficial actions in animal models and in the clinic. We also hypothesize potential mechanisms for the clinical efficacy of relaxin, identify current knowledge gaps and suggest new ways in which relaxin could be useful therapeutically. LINKED ARTICLES: This article is part of a themed section on Recent Progress in the Understanding of Relaxin Family Peptides and their Receptors. To view the other articles in this section visit http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/bph.v174.10/issuetoc.
Renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system gene polymorphisms in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia: A case-control gene-association study.; Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH, including preeclampsia [PE] and gestational hypertension [GH]) and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) have some metabolic changes and risk factors in common. Many studies have reported associations between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) genes and CVDs (particularly hypertension), and their findings have provided candidate SNPs for research on genetic correlates of PIH. We explored the association between hypertension-related RAAS SNPs and PIH in a Chinese population. A total of 130 cases with PE, 67 cases with GH, and 316 controls were recruited. Six candidate SNPs of the RAAS system were selected. Multiple logistic regression analysis adjusting for maternal age, fetal sex, and gestational diabetes mellitus showed significant associations between angiotensinogen (AGT) rs3789678 T/C and GH (p = 0.0088) and between angiotensin II receptor type 1 (AGTR1) rs275645 G/A and PE (p = 0.0082). The study population was further stratified by maternal age (<30 and ≥30 years), and stratified and crossover analyses were conducted to determine genetic associations in different age groups. Our findings suggest that the impacts of different SNPs might be affected by maternal age; however, the effect of this potential gene-age interaction on PIH needs further exploration.
Maternal and fetal outcomes during pregnancy and puerperium in obese and overweight pregnant women. A cohort study.; PURPOSE: compare incidences of maternal-fetal complications during pregnancy, labor, and early puerperium according to baseline BMI in a consecutive cohort of pregnant women. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study compares pregnancy outcome indicators by body mass index (BMI) in 1236 pregnant women managed over the period January 2017 to May 2018. Data were collected regarding the personal history (smoking, diabetes and hypertension), obstetrics and BMI (kg/m(2)) (normoweight 18.5-24.9, overweight 25-29.9, obese ≥ 30). RESULTS: Of the 1236 women, 354 (28.6%) were overweight and 206 (16.7%) were obese at the start of pregnancy follow-up. Mean age at this time was 33 years (SD 6). Risk factors for a cesarean-section delivery assessed through logistic regression were maternal age (OR 1.05 95% CI 2.06-6.15; p < 0.001) and previous C-section (OR 4.21 95% CI 2.89-6.14; p < 0.001) regardless of BMI. In a propensity score analysis, pregnancy weight gain was found lower in obese vs normoweight (- 2.73 kg 95% CI - 3.74 to - 1.72 p < 0.001), and newborn weight higher in obese vs normoweight women (161.21 g 95% CI 57.94-264.48 p = 0.002). Labor duration and weight gain were reduced in overweight vs normoweight subjects (- 0.72 h 95% CI - 1.27 to - 0.17 p = 0.010 and 0.81 kg 95% CI - 1.50 to - 0.12 p = 0.021, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort, obese women showed higher rates of prenatal complications yet obesity and overweight were not related to worse puerperium outcomes.
Fetal hemangiopericytoma with an associated cerebral anomaly.; We report the first case of infantile hemangiopericytoma explored prenatally by fetal ultrasonography and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). It was associated with a developmental cerebral anomaly identified on MRI. The largest lesions of the multifocal hemangiopericytoma were located in the soft tissue adjacent to the left temporal bone, and smaller lesions were found in the lumbar area and in the retroperitoneum. MRI showed no connection between the tumor and the fetal brain but there was anomalous cerebral gyration in the region and the Sylvian fissure beneath the tumor was enlarged. The pregnancy was terminated because of the severe brain anomalies and postmortem examination confirmed the prenatal findings. Microscopic analysis of the tumor tissue showed branching vessels which are typical of hemangiopericytoma. The lesions in our case occurred in association with macrosomia with visceromegaly detected at autopsy, suggesting a possible role of tumor suppressor genes.
Prognostic Accuracy of Antenatal Doppler Ultrasound Measures in Predicting Adverse Perinatal Outcomes for Pregnancies Complicated by Diabetes: A Systematic Review.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the prognostic accuracies of Doppler ultrasound measures in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes for pregnancies complicated with preexisting or gestational diabetes mellitus. DATA SOURCES: An online database search of MEDLINE, Cochrane, Embase, CINAHL, Scopus, and Emcare from inception to April 2022 was conducted. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Studies reporting singleton, nonanomalous fetuses of women with either preexisting (type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus) or gestational diabetes mellitus during pregnancy were included. In addition, the included studies assessed cerebroplacental ratio and middle cerebral artery and/or umbilical artery pulsatility index in the prediction of either: preterm birth, cesarean delivery for fetal distress, APGAR (Appearance, Pulse, Grimace, Activity, and Respiration) score <7 at 5 minutes, neonatal intensive care unit admission (>24 hours), acute respiratory distress syndrome, jaundice, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, or neonatal death. METHODS: The PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guidelines were followed and 610 articles were identified, of which 15 were included. Two authors independently extracted prognostic data from each article and assessed the study applicability and risk of bias using the QUADAS-2 (Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies-2) scoring criteria. RESULTS: A total of 15 studies were included in the review and comprised prospective (n=10; 66%) and retrospective (n=5; 33%) cohorts. Sensitivity and positive predictive values varied widely across each Doppler measurement. Umbilical artery sensitivities were higher than those of cerebroplacental ratio and middle cerebral artery for hypoglycemia, jaundice, neonatal intensive care unit admission, respiratory distress, and preterm birth. Cerebroplacental ratio was the most reported index test; however, prognostic accuracy was worse than that of umbilical artery and middle cerebral artery Doppler across all adverse perinatal outcomes. Significant risk of bias was present in 14 (94%) studies, with substantial heterogeneity observed across studies in terms of study design and outcomes assessed. CONCLUSION: Abnormal umbilical artery pulsatility index may be of more clinical value in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes compared with cerebroplacental ratio and middle cerebral artery pulsatility index in diabetic pregnancies. Further evaluation of umbilical artery Doppler measurements in diabetic pregnancies using standardized variables across studies is required for broader clinical application. The significant association between abnormal Doppler measurement and hypoglycemia may warrant further investigation.
[Fetal echocardiography. The results of a 3-year study].; During the last three years (July 89 to July 92), 875 fetal echocardiographic studies were performed, at a mean gestational age of 26 +/- 6.5 weeks (12 to 40 weeks), with the following main referral indications: family history of congenital heart disease 23%; advanced maternal age 13%; fetal arrhythmia 10%; amniotic fluid abnormalities 8%; fetal malformations 7%; diabetes 6%; four chamber view changes 4%. There were 15 twin pregnancies, two of them thoracopagus. The referral patterns with higher percentage of cardiac pathology were: abnormal four chamber view 56%; fetal chromosomal anomalies 50%; omphalocele 33%; twin pregnancy 33%; IUGR 29%; arrhythmias 20%. The referral patterns with lower percentage of cardiac pathology were: congenital heart disease in the family 0.2%; maternal risk 2%; amniotic fluid volume alterations 2%. The diagnosis of congenital heart disease was made in 37 fetus (4.2%), with the following most frequent: 9 cases with the atrioventricular septal defect, 5 cases with ventricular septal defect, 5 cases with hypoplastic left heart syndrome and 5 cases with tricuspid valve abnormalities. From a total of 78 referred fetal arrhythmias, 25 were confirmed, 20 being ectopic beats without structural heart disease, 3 with tachycardia, and 2 with bradycardia. One newborn with tachycardia and Ebstein's disease died, and the fetus with AV block and left atrial isomerism died in utero. The treatment and follow up of the remaining cases with heart disease are described. The whole mortality in the cases with heart pathology was 65%.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Trimethylamine N-Oxide and Its Precursors Are Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Pre-Eclampsia in the Boston Birth Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and its precursors choline, betaine, and carnitine have been associated with cardiometabolic disease in nonpregnant adults. However, studies examining TMAO and its precursors in relation to cardiometabolic conditions during pregnancy are lacking. OBJECTIVES: The primary objective was to estimate the association of TMAO and its precursors in maternal and cord plasma with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-eclampsia (PE) among women in the Boston Birth Cohort. A secondary objective was to determine whether associations vary by race/ethnicity. METHODS: ORs for each outcome according to tertiles and to an SD increment of TMAO, choline, betaine, and carnitine were estimated using logistic regression. Final models were adjusted for covariates. RESULTS: Among 1496 women, 115 women had GDM and 159 had PE during the index pregnancy. Intermetabolite correlations of TMAO and its precursors were stronger within cord plasma (r = 0.38-0.87) than within maternal plasma (r = 0.08-0.62). Maternal TMAO was associated with higher odds of GDM (third compared with first tertile OR: 1.75; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.94), whereas maternal choline, betaine, and carnitine were not associated with GDM. Maternal TMAO and choline were not associated with PE, whereas carnitine was associated with higher (OR: 1.86; 95% CI: 1.18, 2.94) and betaine with lower odds of PE (OR: 0.37; 95% CI: 0.23, 0.59). In cord plasma, TMAO was not associated with GDM or PE, but choline, betaine, and carnitine were associated with higher odds of PE (OR: 3.11; 95% CI: 1.62, 5.96; OR: 2.65; 95% CI: 1.42, 4.93; OR: 2.56; 95% CI: 1.39, 4.69, respectively). Cord choline was associated with lower odds of GDM (OR: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.27, 0.99), whereas other cord metabolites were not significantly associated with GDM. Associations did not vary by race/ethnicity. CONCLUSIONS: TMAO and its precursors were associated with GDM and PE, but the associations differed based on the metabolite medium (maternal compared with cord plasma).This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT03228875.
Incidence and risk factors for venous thromboembolism following surgical treatment of fractures below the hip: a meta-analysis.; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a common complication after surgical treatment of fractures, which is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. Identifying the risk factors for VTE is important for preventive strategies to reduce the incidence of VTE. Therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis to evaluate the incidence of VTE and the risk factors influencing the development of VTE in patients who underwent surgery for fractures below the hip. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, SinoMed (Chinese BioMedical Literature Service System, China) and CNKI (National Knowledge Infrastructure, China) databases were systematically searched to identify cohort or case-control studies that investigated the incidence and risk factors for VTE following surgical treatment of fractures below the hip. VTE risk ratios (RRs) were pooled by use of a fixed-effect model or a random-effect model, depending on the heterogeneity among the included studies. Heterogeneity between the studies was assessed by I(2) statistics. Twenty-three studies with a total of 191 294 patients who met the inclusion criteria were included in this meta-analysis. Our results demonstrated that age (≥60 years) (RR = 1·85, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1·34, 2·55; P = 0·000), previous VTE(RR = 5·25, 95% CI: 2·77, 9·96; P = 0·000), heart failure (RR = 1·74, 95% CI: 1·34, 2·27; P = 0·000), current smoking status (RR = 1·23, 95% CI: 1·07, 1·41; P = 0·004), hypertension (RR = 1·62, 95% CI: 1·27, 2·06; P = 0·000), hyperlipidaemia (RR = 2·16, 95% CI: 1·79, 2·62; P = 0·000), diabetes mellitus (RR = 1·46, 95% CI: 1·27, 1·68; P = 0·000), obesity (RR = 1·58, 95% CI: 1·35,·1·85; P = 0·000), multiple fractures (RR = 2·14, 95% CI: 1·00, 4·60; P = 0·050), varicose veins (RR = 3·07, 95% CI: 1·12, 8·47; P = 0·030), prolonged operation time (weighted mean differences (WMD) = 1·22, 95% CI: 0·63, 1·81; P = 0·000) and prolonged bed rest time (WMD = 3·12, 95% CI: 2·96, 3·29; P = 0·000) were associated with an increased risk of developing VTE. The other variables, including age (<60 years), previous smoking, immobility, pregnancy, cancer, open fractures and combination with trauma were not identified as significant risk factors for VTE. Almost all the risk factors mentioned above are in line with the known risk factors for VTE following surgery for fractures below the hip. Thus, surgeons should pay close attention to patients with these medical conditions in order to reduce the incidence of VTE following surgical treatment of fractures below the hip.
How to stay heart healthy in 2011: considerations for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.; More women die of cardiovascular disease than any other cause. Effective primary prevention depends on accurate assessment of risk status. While most risk factors are similar for men and women, risk factors may differ in magnitude between the sexes, and recognition of gender-specific risk factors such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy and polycystic ovarian syndrome provides opportunities for early intervention and prevention. Obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidemia affect both genders; however, women often postpone addressing these risk factors until later in life. The American Heart Association emphasizes that all women are at cardiovascular risk and should maintain a healthy lifestyle and avoid smoking. Blood pressure, hyperlipidemia and diabetes should be aggressively treated. Current available data regarding proposed preventive drug therapies including daily aspirin, HRT, vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplements will be reviewed.
Maternal but not fetoplacental health can be improved by metformin in a murine diet-induced model of maternal obesity and glucose intolerance.; Maternal obesity is a global problem that increases the risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes for mother and child, many of which are linked to gestational diabetes mellitus. Effective treatments are essential to prevent the transmission of poor metabolic health from mother to child. Metformin is an effective glucose lowering drug commonly used to treat gestational diabetes mellitus; however, its wider effects on maternal and fetal health are poorly explored. In this study we used a mouse (C57Bl6/J) model of diet-induced (high sugar/high fat) maternal obesity to explore the impact of metformin on maternal and feto-placental health. Metformin (300 mg kg(-1)  day(-1) ) was given to obese females via the diet and was shown to achieve clinically relevant concentrations in maternal serum (1669 ± 568 nM in late pregnancy). Obese dams developed glucose intolerance during pregnancy and had reduced uterine artery compliance. Metformin treatment of obese dams improved maternal glucose tolerance, reduced maternal fat mass and restored uterine artery function. Placental efficiency was reduced in obese dams, with increased calcification and reduced labyrinthine area. Consequently, fetuses from obese dams weighed less (P < 0.001) at the end of gestation. Despite normalisation of maternal parameters, metformin did not correct placental structure or fetal growth restriction. Metformin levels were substantial in the placenta and fetal circulation (109.7 ± 125.4 nmol g(-1) in the placenta and 2063 ± 2327 nM in fetal plasma). These findings reveal the distinct effects of metformin administration during pregnancy on mother and fetus and highlight the complex balance of risk vs. benefits that are weighed in obstetric medical treatments. KEY POINTS: Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus have detrimental short- and long-term effects for mother and child. Metformin is commonly used to treat gestational diabetes mellitus in many populations worldwide but the effects on fetus and placenta are unknown. In a mouse model of diet-induced obesity and glucose intolerance in pregnancy we show reduced uterine artery compliance, placental structural changes and reduced fetal growth. Metformin treatment improved maternal metabolic health and uterine artery compliance but did not rescue obesity-induced changes in the fetus or placenta. Metformin crossed the placenta into the fetal circulation and entered fetal tissue. Metformin has beneficial effects on maternal health beyond glycaemic control. However, despite improvements in maternal physiology, metformin did not prevent fetal growth restriction or placental ageing. The high uptake of metformin into the placental and fetal circulation highlights the potential for direct immediate effects of metformin on the fetus with possible long-term consequences postnatally.
[Therapeutic Drug Management for Transplanted Women with a Planned Pregnancy: About Two Cases of Lung and Heart-lung Transplantation].; Advances in lung transplantation allow the women of childbearing age to consider becoming mothers. When planning to become pregnant, a therapeutic drug management of immunosuppressive drugs and associated therapies is required. It must take into account teratogenic and fetotoxic drugs, as well as pharmacokinetic changes encountered during pregnancy. Increasingly data are currently available on the management of immunosuppressive drugs and associated therapies during pregnancy. We report the case management of drug therapy before and during pregnancy in two patients after a lung or heart-lung transplantation. To prevent the emergence of complications for mother and child, a literature review has been necessary to manage drug therapies of each patient.
Women's awareness of cardiovascular disease risk after complications of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Certain maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, birth of a growth restricted infant, idiopathic preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with a significantly increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease. In Australia, it is relatively unknown how many women with a history of complicated pregnancies are aware of their future cardiovascular disease risk. AIM: The aim of this study was to determine what percentage of women attending a cardiovascular disease prevention clinic in South Australia soon after a complicated pregnancy were aware of their increased risk of cardiovascular disease. METHODS: This prospective observational study included 188 women attending a postpartum prevention clinic between 7th August 2018 and 10th February 2021. These women had experienced a serious maternal complication of pregnancy approximately seven months earlier. Women completed a self-administered health awareness survey immediately prior to their first clinic appointment to assess their awareness of their increased cardiovascular risk. FINDINGS: Over two-thirds (69.1 %) of the women were unaware of the association between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease, and 6.4 % of the cohort did not realise they had experienced a complicated pregnancy. Almost 10 % of the cohort did not correctly identify the complication/s they had been diagnosed with during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Awareness of the association between complications of pregnancy and future cardiovascular disease was low in our cohort of women who had experienced a complication of pregnancy only seven months earlier. This emphasises the need for improved education for and communication with women to assist in implementing preventative care strategies.
Birthweight Extremes and Neonatal and Childhood Outcomes after Preterm Premature Rupture of Membranes.; Objective To determine the association between birthweight extremes and risk of adverse neonatal and childhood outcomes following preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). Study Design This is a secondary analysis of data from the Beneficial Effects of Antenatal Magnesium Sulfate Trial. Women with nonanomalous singletons and PPROM delivering ≥24.0 weeks were included. Birthweight was classified as small for gestational age (SGA), appropriate for gestational age (AGA), or large for gestational age (LGA). Composite severe neonatal morbidity and childhood outcomes at age 2, were compared between these groups. Results One thousand five hundred and ninety-eight infants were included (58 SGA, 1,354 AGA, and 186 LGA). There was an inverse relationship between birthweight and rate of composite major neonatal morbidity (55.2% of SGA, 31.5% of AGA, 18.3% of LGA, p < 0.001). Former-SGA children were more likely to be diagnosed with major composite childhood morbidity at age 2 (25.9% of SGA, 8.3% of AGA, 5.9% of LGA, p < 0.001). In multivariate models, LGA infants had improved initial neonatal outcomes compared with AGA infants (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.44; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.28-0.71; p = 0.001). Conclusion Among infants delivered following PPROM, those who were LGA at delivery had improved composite adverse neonatal outcomes. SGA increases the risk of severe neonatal morbidity, early childhood death, and moderate/severe cerebral palsy at age 2.
Epidemiology of maternal morbidity and mortality.; Maternal morbidity and mortality remains a significant health care concern in the United States, as the rates continue to rise despite efforts to improve maternal health. In 2013, the United States ranked 60th in maternal mortality worldwide. We review the definitions, rates, trends, and top causes of severe maternal morbidity and mortality, as well as risk factors for adverse maternal outcomes. We describe current local and national initiatives in place to reduce maternal morbidity and mortality and offer suggestions for future research.
Holoprosencephaly-polydactyly/pseudotrisomy 13: a presentation of two new cases and a review of the literature.; Patients with a combination of holoprosencephaly and polydactyly, but with apparently normal chromosomes, may be clinically diagnosed with holoprosencephaly-polydactyly syndrome (HPS), also termed pseudotrisomy 13. However, the criteria for HPS have been controversial since the advent of the diagnostic term, and a clear understanding of the condition lacks definitive delineation. We review the historical and current perspectives on the condition and analyze findings in 40 patients with apparent HPS, including cases from the literature and two previously unreported patients. Overall, our analysis suggests previously unrecognized trends in patients diagnosed with HPS. Specifically, there appears to be a higher prevalence of visceral anomalies, most significantly cardiac and genitourinary, but also with increased gastrointestinal, pulmonary, adrenal, skeletal, and renal abnormalities, in patients with HPS. Although these visceral anomalies may not be essential for the identification of HPS, clinicians should be aware of the presence of such characteristics in these patients to optimize management and help establish etiologies.
Maternal drugs and congenital heart disease.; Congenital heart disease comprises one-third of all major birth defects. Prevalence estimates depend on the definition of the disease and the postnatal period when the disease is diagnosed. The studies with the longest follow-up estimate that 0.9% of infants are afflicted. The cause of these cardiac defects is largely unknown. The effect of embryonic exposure to maternal drugs during cardiogenesis has been widely studied, and the evidence suggests that maternal use of ethanol, anticonvulsants, lithium, and exogeneous female hormones may increase the risk of congenital heart disease. An antiemetic agent containing doxylamine has been implicated in the courts. This review offers an analysis of the epidemiologic evidence of the occurrence of congenital heart disease in relation to maternal drug use during pregnancy. The evidence indicates that the vast majority of heart malformations cannot be attributed to these pharmacologic agents.
Interventions to Mitigate Risk of Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Review.; IMPORTANCE: A growing body of evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes (GD), preterm birth, and intrauterine growth restriction, are associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic disease and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may therefore represent an opportunity to intervene to prevent or delay onset of CVD. The objective of this review was to summarize the current evidence for targeted postpartum interventions and strategies to reduce CVD risk in women with a history of APOs. OBSERVATIONS: A search of PubMed and Ovid for English-language randomized clinical trials, cohort studies, descriptive studies, and guidelines published from January 1, 2000, to April 30, 2021, was performed. Four broad categories of interventions were identified: transitional clinics, lifestyle interventions, pharmacotherapy, and patient and clinician education. Observational studies suggest that postpartum transitional clinics identify women who are at elevated risk for CVD and may aid in the transition to longitudinal primary care. Lifestyle interventions to increase physical activity and improve diet quality may help reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD; less is known about women with other prior APOs. Metformin hydrochloride may prevent development of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD. Evidence is lacking in regard to specific pharmacotherapies after other APOs. Cardiovascular guidelines endorse using a history of APOs to refine CVD risk assessment and guide statin prescription for primary prevention in women with intermediate calculated 10-year CVD risk. Research suggests a low level of awareness of the link between APOs and CVD among both patients and clinicians. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that transitional clinics, lifestyle intervention, targeted pharmacotherapy, and clinician and patient education represent promising strategies for improving postpartum maternal cardiometabolic health in women with APOs; further research is needed to develop and rigorously evaluate these interventions. Future efforts should focus on strategies to increase maternal postpartum follow-up, improve accessibility to interventions across diverse racial and cultural groups, expand awareness of sex-specific CVD risk factors, and define evidence-based precision prevention strategies for this high-risk population.
The renal parenchyma-evaluation of a novel ultrasound measurement to assess fetal renal development: protocol for an observational longitudinal study.; INTRODUCTION: Disorders of fetal growth, such as intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and large for gestational age (LGA), have been found to have a profound effect on the development of the fetal kidney. Abnormal kidney development is associated with hypertension and chronic kidney disease later in life. This study will use a novel ultrasound measurement to assess the renal parenchymal growth and kidney arterial blood flow in the fetus to evaluate the development of the fetal kidneys and provide an indirect estimate of nephron number. Measurements in normally grown, IUGR and LGA fetuses will be compared to determine if changes in renal parenchymal growth can be detected in utero. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This longitudinal, prospective, observational study will be conducted over 12 months in the Ultrasound Department of the Townsville Hospital, Australia. The study will compare fetal renal parenchymal thickness (RPT) and renal artery Doppler flow between IUGR fetuses and appropriately grown fetuses, and LGA fetuses and appropriately grown fetuses between 16 and 40 weeks. The fetal RPT to renal volume ratio will also be compared, and correlations between RPT, renal parenchymal echogenicity, fetal Doppler indices and amniotic fluid levels will be analysed. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This study was approved by the Townsville Health District Human Research Ethics Committee. The study results will form part of a thesis and will be published in peer-reviewed journals and disseminated at international conferences.
Maternal obesity and its determinants: A neglected issue?; Maternal obesity is a global public health concern that affects every aspect of maternity care. It affects the short-term and long-term health of the mother and her offspring. Obese pregnant mothers are at an increased risk of developing complications during antenatal, intrapartum, and postnatal periods. Maternal complications include gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, pre-eclampsia and eclampsia, increased rate of cesarean delivery, pulmonary embolism, and maternal mortality; fetal complications include congenital malformation, stillbirth, and macrosomia. Moreover, both mother and infant are at an increased risk of developing subsequent non-communicable diseases and cardiovascular problems later in life. Several factors are associated with the likelihood of maternal obesity, including sociodemographic characteristics, obstetric characteristics, knowledge, and perception of health-promoting behavior. Gaining a sound understanding of these factors is vital to reaching the targets of Sustainable Developmental Goal 3-to reduce global maternal mortality and end preventable deaths of children under 5 years of age-by 2030. It is essential to identify pregnant women who are at risk of maternal obesity in order to plan and implement effective and timely interventions for optimal pregnancy outcomes. Importantly, maternal obesity as a significant pregnancy risk factor is largely modifiable.
Significance of Serum-Plasma Leptin Profile during Pregnancy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a stage of subclinical inflammation and a risk factor for subsequent future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease development. Leptin has been related with vascular and metabolic changes in GDM with heterogeneous and contradictory results with respect to their possible involvement in maternal, perinatal, and future complications. Our objective is to evaluate current evidence on the role of leptin in maternal and perinatal complications in women with GDM. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus databases were searched. We evaluated the studies’ quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Meta-analyses were conducted, and heterogeneity and publication bias were examined. Thirty-nine relevant studies were finally included, recruiting 2255 GDM and 3846 control pregnant women. Leptin levels were significantly higher in GDM participants than in controls (SMD = 0.57, 95%CI = 0.19 to 0.94; p < 0.001). Subgroup meta-analysis did not evidence significant differences in leptin in the different trimesters of pregnancy. Meta-regression showed a positive significant relationship for HOMA in the GDM group (p = 0.05). According to these results, it seems that high levels of leptin can be used as predictive markers in GDM.
Gestational exposure to air pollutants perturbs metabolic and placenta-fetal phenotype.; Air pollution (AP) is detrimental to pregnancies including increasing risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus. We hypothesized that exposure to AP causes cardiovascular and metabolic disruption thereby altering placental gene expression, which in turn affects the placental phenotype and thereby embryonic/fetal development. To test this hypothesis, we investigated the impact of intra-nasal instilled AP upon gestational day 16-19 maternal mouse cardiovascular and metabolic status, placental nutrient transporters, and placental-fetal size and morphology. To further unravel mechanisms, we also examined placental total DNA 5'-hydroxymethylation and bulk RNA sequenced gene expression profiles. AP exposed pregnant mice and fetuses were tachycardic with a reduction in maternal left ventricular fractional shortening and increased uterine artery with decreased umbilical artery systolic peak velocities. In addition, they were hyperglycemic, glucose intolerant and insulin resistant, with changes in placental glucose (Glut3) and fatty acid (Fatp1 & Cd36) transporters, and a spatial disruption of cells expressing Glut10 that imports L-dehydroascorbic acid in protecting against oxidative stress. Placentas revealed inflammatory cellular infiltration with associated cellular edema and necrosis, with dilated vascular spaces and hemorrhage. Placental and fetal body weights decreased in mid-gestation with a reduction in brain cortical thickness emerging in late gestation. Placental total DNA 5'-hydroxymethylation was 2.5-fold higher, with perturbed gene expression profiles involving key metabolic, inflammatory, transcriptional, cellular polarizing and processing genes and pathways. We conclude that gestational exposure to AP incites a maternal inflammatory response resulting in features mimicking maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with altered placental DNA 5'-hydroxymethylation, gene expression, and associated injury.
Effect of a prepartum and postpartum, complex interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention on metabolic and mental health outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (the MySweetheart trial): randomised, single centred, blinded, controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of a complex, interdisciplinary, lifestyle and psychosocial intervention on metabolic and mental health outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and in the post partum. DESIGN: Single centred, single blinded, randomised, controlled trial (the MySweetheart trial). SETTING: Lausanne University Hospital, Switzerland, from 2 September 2016 to 25 October 2021. PARTICIPANTS: 211 women aged at least 18 years with a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus at 24-32 gestational weeks were randomly assigned (1:1) to the intervention (n=105) or to usual care (n=106). INTERVENTIONS: In addition to a comparator based on active guidelines for prepartum and postpartum usual care, the intervention consisted of four individual lifestyle visits during pregnancy and four interdisciplinary visits in the postpartum group, a peer support group workshop in pregnancy and post partum, and a bimonthly lifestyle coach support through telemedicine. The intervention focused on tailored behavioural and psychosocial strategies to improve diet, physical activity, mental health, social support, and adherence to gestational weight gain during pregnancy and weight retention recommendations. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcomes were between-group differences in the decrease in maternal weight and depression symptom scores between baseline and one year post partum. Secondary outcomes included changes in total and central body fat, anxiety, wellbeing, glycaemic parameters (homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (known as HOMA-IR) and Matsuda indices), aerobic fitness (maximal oxygen uptake), gestational weight gain, and weight retention. Assessors were blinded to primary and secondary outcomes. RESULTS: 84 (80%) of 105 women in the intervention and 95 (90%) of 106 in the usual care completed the study. There was not enough evidence of a difference in the decrease in weight (mean difference -0.38 kg (95% confidence interval -2.08 to 1.30)) or depression scores (-0.67 (-1.84 to 0.49)). The intervention led to an increase in fat-free mass (0.02 kg (0.01 to 0.03)). The intervention also decreased gestational weight gain since the first gestational diabetes mellitus visit (-1.20 kg (-2.14 to -0.26)) and weekly weight gain throughout the entire pregnancy (-0.14 kg (-0.25 to -0.03)), and led to a higher proportion of women without weight retention at one year post partum (34.1% (28/82) v 20.8% (20/96), P=0.034). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with active usual care based on guidelines, there was not enough evidence to conclude that the intervention led to decrease in weight or depression symptoms. However, the intervention decreased gestational weight gain and increased the proportion of women without weight retention. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02890693.
Metabolic Syndrome: Sex-Related Cardiovascular Risk and Therapeutic Approach.; BACKGROUND: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: the most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. METHODS: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. RESULTS: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and genderspecific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. CONCLUSION: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated cardiometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified.
Cardiac Function in Infants Born to Mothers With Gestational Diabetes　- Estimation of Early Diastolic Intraventricular Pressure Differences.; Background: This study compared the myocardial performance of infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (IGDM) and without GDM (controls) under the new GDM definitions. Methods and Results: The subjects consisted of 36 IGDM and 39 control infants. GDM diagnosis was based on oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy or the presence of diabetes prior to the current pregnancy. Between-group infant cardiac function was determined and compared using 2-D speckle tracking analysis, intraventricular pressure difference (IVPD) and IVP gradient (IVPG), using color M-mode Doppler imaging. IVPD and IVPG were higher in IGDM than in the controls, particularly the mid-apical IVPG. The global circumferential strain (GCS) and endocardial GCS were higher in IGDM than in controls. Increased maternal glycated hemoglobin was correlated with reduced transmural and epicardial GCS in the IGDM. Maternal maximum fasting blood sugar had a mild, positive correlation with IVPD and IVPG. Conclusions: Ventricular sucking force, measured as the IVPD, IVPG, and endocardial GCS, were higher in IGDM than in the controls. A hyperglycemic environment during pregnancy leads to impaired cardiac performance in IGDM, compared with control infants. IGDM might have favorable systolic and diastolic cardiac performance due to cardiac metabolic adaptations occurring before poor glucose control causes impaired cardiac performance.
Consolidated and emerging inflammatory markers in coronary artery disease.; Coronary artery disease is an event of atherosclerosis characterized by a chronic vascular inflammation. Risk factors like obesity, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, smoking, hypercholesterolemia and positive family history sometimes are not sufficiently adequate to the enhancement of cardiovascular risk assessment. In the past years numerous biomarkers, like C reactive protein, cytokines and adhesion molecules, have been observed to be related to adverse cardiovascular prognosis. Recently, several studies found an association among inflammatory biomarkers and cardiovascular diseases suggesting their utility to identify the risk of an acute ischemic event and the detection of vulnerable plaques. The emerging inflammatory markers are well divided for diagnosis and prognosis and plaque instability of coronary artery disease. Some of them, the lectin-like oxidized low density lipoprotein receptor-1 can be important both in diagnosis and in the evaluation of plaque instability, other are inserted in the above reported classification. The emerging inflammatory markers in acute-phase include amyloid A, fibrinogen and pentraxin 3 while myeloperoxidase, myeloid-related protein 8/14 and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A are recognize markers of plaque instability. Lastly, some studies demonstrated that circulating miRNAs are involved in coronary artery disease, acute myocardial infarction and heart failure.
Mechanisms by which poor early growth programs type-2 diabetes, obesity and the metabolic syndrome.; Fetal programming is gaining momentum as a highly documented phenomenon which links poor early growth to adult disease. It is backed up by large cohorts in epidemiological studies worldwide and has been tested in various animal models. The root causes of programming link closely with maternal condition during pregnancy, and therefore the fetal environment. Suboptimal fetal environments due to poor or inadequate nutrition, infection, anemia, hypertension, inflammation, gestational diabetes or hypoxia in the mother expose the fetus to hormonal, growth factor, cytokine or adipokine cues. These in turn act to alter metabolic, immune system, vascular, hemodynamics, renal, growth and mitochondrial parameters respectively and most evidently in the later stages of life where they impact on the individual as poor glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obesity and heart disease. These events are compounded by over-nutrition or lifestyle choices which are in conflict with the programming of the fetus. We and others have utilised various species to test the early life programming hypothesis and to identify key molecular mechanisms. With parallel studies of human cohorts, these molecular markers can be validated as realistic targets for intervention.
Stroke-related risk factors during pregnancy in women who underwent metabolic and bariatric surgery compared with women who have not undergone metabolic and bariatric surgery.; BACKGROUND: Stroke during pregnancy is rare, occurring in 30 of 100,000 pregnancies and accounting for 7% of maternal deaths in the United States from 2016 to 2018. Metabolic and bariatric surgery (MBS) has been shown to reduce symptoms of chronic conditions that are risk factors for stroke, including hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes in women. However, little is known about the impact of MBS on stroke risk during pregnancy. OBJECTIVES: To examine stroke and stroke risk factors including preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational hypertension, and embolism/thrombosis in women of reproductive age who have had MBS. SETTING: We used the National Inpatient Sample, a publicly available data set from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project that samples 20% of hospital discharges in the United States. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included women between the ages of 20 and 44 years who had a maternal admission code. Weighted logistic regression was conducted to assess the odds of stroke and stroke risk factors in women with a history of MBS compared with other women of reproductive age. RESULTS: Women with a history of MBS have 12% lower adjusted odds of developing preeclampsia/eclampsia and 10% lower adjusted odds of gestational hypertension than women who did not undergo MBS. When stratified by race, the difference was significant in White women (preeclampsia/eclampsia: adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = .89; 95% confidence interval [CI], .81-.98; gestational hypertension: aOR = .91; 95% CI, .83-1.00). Latinas with MBS had significantly lower odds of preeclampsia/eclampsia (aOR = .75; 95% CI, .64-.90). CONCLUSIONS: MBS helps women lose weight and decrease the incidence of some pregnancy-related risk factors for stroke. However, there is a notable racial health disparity.
The significance of a previous stillbirth.; Among 7052 patients studied between 1976 and 1982 in a collaborative project on antepartum fetal heart rate monitoring, 337 patients had a previous stillbirth as a reason for testing. Overall a previous stillbirth history significantly increased the risk of having a positive result on a contraction stress test, primarily among hypertensive patients. Patients with a previous stillbirth also had a significantly higher incidence of respiratory distress syndrome in their neonates attributable to premature intervention for maternal indications (primarily among hypertensive women and patients with clinical intrauterine growth retardation). Low Apgar scores were found to be significantly increased in diabetics with previous stillbirths primarily due to neonates with congenital malformations. Premature intervention by labor induction or cesarean section was more common among patients with a previous stillbirth for both maternal indications and abnormal antepartum fetal heart rate studies. Previous stillbirth would appear therefore to be a significant risk factor primarily when associated with a diagnosis of hypertension or clinical intrauterine growth retardation.
Clinical and Metabolic Characterization of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Within the First Year Postpartum.; CONTEXT: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of long-term complications, including impaired glucose metabolism, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, and obesity. In current clinical practice, a 1 size fits all approach to GDM is applied, although heterogeneity among women with GDM has been recognized. OBJECTIVE: To give the most adequate preventive care and postpartum (PP) guidance, we aimed to make a metabolic characterization and identify subgroups of women with previous GDM within the first year PP. METHODS: In this prospective cohort study, we collected data in gestational week 34-38, at 3 months, and 1 year PP on women with GDM who participated in a PP follow-up program in Central Region Denmark from April 2019 to December 2022. RESULTS: In total, 1270 women were included in the program in late pregnancy. Of the 768 women participating in either the oral glucose tolerance test 3 months PP (n = 545) or the 1-year follow-up (n = 493) or both (n = 261), 608 (79.2%) were normoglycemic, 137 (17.8%) had prediabetes, 20 (2.6%) had T2DM, and 3 (.4%) had developed T1DM. More than 40% of the women gained weight in the first year PP compared with their pregestational weight. CONCLUSION: Our study shows that 20.8% of women with GDM who volunteered to participate in a clinical follow-up program developed prediabetes or diabetes (T1DM and T2DM) within the first year PP. The GDM diagnosis encompasses a heterogenetic group of women and a deeper characterization may provide an opportunity for a more personalized risk assessment to prevent the progression to T2DM.
Risk factors associated with venous and arterial neonatal thrombosis in the intensive care unit: a multicentre case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Critically ill infants are susceptible to thrombosis due to several risk factors. The aim of this study was to identify risk factors associated with venous and arterial thrombosis in neonates admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and to identify differences in risk factors for venous versus arterial thrombosis. METHODS: We conducted a case-control study at 31 level IV NICUs using the Children's Hospital Neonatal Database between Jan 1, 2010, and Dec 13, 2016, in the USA. Cases were identified on the basis of having an outcome of venous or arterial thrombosis. Controls were matched by gestational age, presence of a central access device (CAD), hospital, and admission year. Four controls per case (1:4) were randomly selected. Bivariable and multivariable regression analyses were performed to examine the associations between potential risk factors and venous or arterial thrombosis. CAD-related risk factors were analysed in the subset of neonates with a CAD. FINDINGS: We identified 118 952 new admissions to 31 NICUs. The overall thrombosis incidence was 15·5 per 1000 NICU admissions (95% CI 14·8-16·2). After exclusion of patients with a length of hospitalisation longer than 3 days or heart disease, the study included 1326 thrombosis cases (1022 with venous thrombosis and 362 with arterial thrombosis; 58 patients had both types of thrombosis and are included within both of these numbers) and 5304 randomly selected controls. Venous thrombosis was independently associated with bloodstream infection (odds ratio 2·07, 95% CI 1·72-2·49; p<0·0001), maternal diabetes (1·62, 1·30-2·03; p<0·0001), abdominal or gastrointestinal surgery (1·36, 1·17-1·58; p<0·0001), thrombocytopenia (2·44, 2·02-2·94; p<0·0001), prolonged mechanical ventilation (1·27, 1·10-1·46; p=0·0014), and age 7 days or older at admission (1·49, 1·28-1·74; p<0·0001). Arterial thrombosis was independently associated with maternal hypertension (1·42, 1·05-1·91; p=0·030), thrombocytopenia (2·20, 1·59-3·06; p<0·0001), prolonged mechanical ventilation (1·58, 1·24-2·01; p=0·0002), age 7 days or older at admission (1·35, 1·05-1·74; p=0·0018), and small for gestational age (1·56, 1·13-2·16; p=0·0003). In the CAD subset analysis, CAD duration of 21 days or longer (venous thrombosis: 1·52, 1·15-2·01, p=0·0034; arterial thrombosis: 1·98, 1·25-3·14, p=0·035) and CAD in both the upper and lower body (venous thrombosis: 2·43, 1·92-3·08, p<0·0001; arterial thrombosis: 1·58, 1·02-2·45, p=0·040) were associated with higher odds of thrombosis. INTERPRETATION: Identification of thrombosis-associated risk factors will be useful in developing a risk prediction model to prevent thrombosis and in improving outcomes. The study results add to the knowledge of the differences in risk factors for venous versus arterial thrombosis in neonates and to the understanding of the associations of CAD characteristics with neonatal thrombosis. FUNDING: Bristol-Myers Squibb-Pfizer Alliance.
Ketosis-prone diabetes and SLE co-presenting in an African lady with previous gestational diabetes.; We describe the case of an African woman who was diagnosed with ketosis-prone diabetes with diabetes-associated autoantibodies, after being admitted for diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) precipitated by her first presentation of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). She had a seven-year history of recurrent gestational diabetes (GDM) not requiring insulin therapy, with return to normoglycaemia after each pregnancy. This might have suggested that she had now developed type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, the diagnosis of SLE prompted testing for an autoimmune aetiology for the diabetes, and she was found to have a very high titre of GAD antibodies. Typical type 1 diabetes (T1D) was thought unlikely due to the long preceding history of GDM. Latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (LADA) was considered, but ruled out as she required insulin therapy from diagnosis. The challenge of identifying the type of diabetes when clinical features overlap the various diabetes categories is discussed. This is the first report of autoimmune ketosis-prone diabetes (KPD) presenting with new onset of SLE. LEARNING POINTS: DKA may be the first presentation of a multi-system condition and a precipitating cause should always be sought, particularly in women with a history of GDM or suspected T2D.All women with GDM should undergo repeat glucose tolerance testing postpartum to exclude frank diabetes, even when post-delivery capillary blood glucose (CBG) tests are normal. They should also be advised to continue CBG monitoring during acute illness in case of new onset diabetes.KPD comprises a spectrum of diabetes syndromes that present with DKA, but subsequently have a variable course depending on the presence or absence of beta cell failure and/or diabetes autoantibodies.KPD should be considered in a patient with presumed T2D presenting with DKA, especially if there is a personal or family history of autoimmune diabetes.LADA should be suspected in adults presumed to have T2D, who do not require insulin therapy for at least six months after diagnosis and have anti-GAD antibodies.Patients with autoimmune diabetes have an increased risk of other autoimmune diseases and screening for thyroid, parietal cell, coeliac and antinuclear antibodies should be considered.
Impact of Pregestational Weight and Weight Gain during Pregnancy on Long-Term Risk for Diseases.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to analyse the impact of maternal BMI at start of pregnancy and maternal weight gain during pregnancy on the risk of various diseases later in life. METHODS: In a population-based cohort from southern Sweden, women with at least one delivery registered in the Swedish Medical Birth Register ten or more years before answering a health questionnaire were identified (n = 13,608). Complete data were found in 3,539 women. RESULTS: Women with BMI >25 at start of pregnancy had increased risk of developing obesity (OR 21.9), diabetes (OR 6.4), cardiac disease (OR 2.7), endocrine diseases (OR 2.3), and other morbidity (OR 1.4), compared with women of normal weight. A high weight gain (>15 kg) during pregnancy was associated to later risk of overweight (OR 2.0) and obesity (OR 2.2), but not diabetes, cardiac disease, or endocrine diseases. A positive association was found between low weight gain and the risk of developing psychiatric disorders (OR 1.6). CONCLUSIONS: A high BMI at start of pregnancy significantly increased the risk of several diseases later in life. However, a high weight gain during pregnancy was only significant for future overweight and obesity. These findings have implications for both pregestational intervention and post gestational follow up of obese and overweight women.
Ratios between the abdominal circumference, head circumference, or femur length and the transverse cerebellar diameter of the growth-retarded and macrosomic fetus.; The purpose of our investigation was twofold: to provide normative data for the ratios between head circumference and cerebellum, abdominal circumference and cerebellum, and femur length and cerebellum; and to evaluate the predictive accuracy of an abnormal ratio in the detection of growth retardation and macrosomia. Data on 675 women with normal gestations between 14 and 42 weeks were used to estimate reference curves for the three ratios to be evaluated. We then compared the ratios of 34 fetuses with intrauterine growth retardation and 28 macrosomic fetuses to the control group. Of the three ratios that we investigated, abdominal circumference to transverse cerebellar diameter was the most efficacious. However, the sensitivity of this ratio for the detection of intrauterine growth retardation and macrosomia was only 52.9% and 46.6%, respectively. A ratio between head circumference, abdominal circumference, or femur length and the transverse cerebellar diameter cannot reliably distinguish between normally growing fetuses and those that are growth retarded or macrosomic.
The toxicology of air pollution predicts its epidemiology.; The epidemiologic investigation has successively delineated associations of air pollution exposure with non-malignant and malignant lung disease, cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease, pregnancy outcomes, perinatal effects and other extra-pulmonary disease including diabetes. Defining these relationships between air pollution exposure and human health closely parallels results of an earlier epidemiologic investigation into cigarette smoking and environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), two other particle-related exposures. Humic-like substances (HULIS) have been identified as a chemical component common to cigarette smoke and air pollution particles. Toxicology studies provide evidence that a disruption of iron homeostasis with sequestration of host metal by HULIS is a fundamental mechanistic pathway through which biological effects are initiated by cigarette smoke and air pollution particles. As a result of a common chemical component and a shared mechanistic pathway, it should be possible to extrapolate from the epidemiology of cigarette smoking and ETS to predict associations of air pollution exposure with human disease, which are currently unrecognized. Accordingly, it is anticipated that the forthcoming epidemiologic investigation will demonstrate relationships of air pollution with COPD causation, peripheral vascular disease, hypertension, renal disease, digestive disease, loss of bone mass/risk of fractures, dental disease, eye disease, fertility problems, and extrapulmonary malignancies.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with moderate elevations in blood pressure or blood glucose in Ugandan women; a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The association between overt hypertension and diabetes and adverse pregnancy outcomes is well documented. Recent evidence suggests that even moderate elevations in blood pressure or blood glucose may confer a significant risk in a dose-dependent manner. However, these studies have primarily been undertaken in white populations in high-income settings. Hypertension and diabetes are emerging as major public health issues in sub-Saharan Africa as the region undergoes rapid urbanization. It is therefore important to understand how such noncommunicable conditions contribute to pregnancy outcomes in these populations. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the association between stage 1 hypertension or fasting blood glucose in the gestational diabetes mellitus-range and adverse pregnancy outcomes in Uganda, and to describe the effects of other contributing factors such as maternal obesity. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study of 2857 women at 5 major hospitals in urban and semiurban central Uganda. Women were enrolled at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation. Data about the maternal demographics, anthropometrics, fasting venous blood glucose, blood pressure, and pregnancy outcomes were collected. Moderate elevations in blood pressure and blood glucose were defined using the latest American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association definition of stage 1 hypertension and the World Health Organization's criteria for fasting blood glucose in the gestational diabetes mellitus-range. The primary outcomes of interest were perinatal death and large birthweight for gestational age, and the secondary outcomes were preterm birth, cesarean delivery, and neonatal admission. A multivariable logistic regression analysis was used. RESULTS: Stage 1 hypertension increased the odds of perinatal death by more than 2-fold (adjusted odds ratio, 2.68; 95% confidence interval, 1.36-5.29), with a positive but insignificant association with preterm birth. Hyperglycemia in the gestational diabetes mellitus-range was associated with cesarean delivery only (adjusted odds ratio, 1.65; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-2.27). Maternal obesity increased the risk of having large birthweight babies (adjusted odds ratio, 2.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.74-3.02), a cesarean delivery (adjusted odds ratio, 2.75; 95% confidence interval, 2.17-3.48), and neonatal admission (adjusted odds ratio, 1.63; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-2.30). CONCLUSION: Moderate elevations in blood pressure and maternal obesity are stronger predictors of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes than moderate elevations in blood glucose levels and should be the focus of intervention in these resource-poor settings. Further research is needed to determine the cost-effectiveness of identifying and managing moderate elevations in blood pressure and maternal obesity.
Hypertension in pregnancy is associated with elevated C-reactive protein levels later in life.; OBJECTIVES: We assessed whether hypertension in pregnancy is associated with elevated C-reactive protein (CRP) levels in later life, possibly reflecting an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). BACKGROUND: Elevated CRP levels have been associated with hypertension in pregnancy and with CVD. METHODS: We studied 2463 women from the Genetic Epidemiology Network of Arteriopathy (GENOA) study. Participants were categorized as nulliparous women (n = 219), women with a history of normotensive pregnancies (n = 1839), or women with a history of a hypertensive pregnancy (n = 405). Using multiple linear regression models, we compared mean CRP levels among the groups after adjusting for age, race, education, smoking, hypertension, personal history of coronary heart disease (CHD) or stroke, diabetes, dyslipidemia, statins, hormone replacement therapy, and family history of CHD or stroke. As CRP levels may be influenced by BMI, the model was fit both with and without adjusting for BMI. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in CRP levels between nulliparous women and those with a history of normotensive pregnancies, either with (P = 0.82) or without (P = 0.46) adjusting for BMI. In contrast, women with hypertensive pregnancies, compared with those with normotensive pregnancies, had higher CRP levels, both with (P = 0.009) and without (P < 0.001) adjusting for BMI. CONCLUSION: A history of hypertension in pregnancy is associated with elevated CRP levels later in life, independent of traditional CVD risk factors and BMI. An elevated CRP may reflect an inflammatory state in women with a history of hypertensive pregnancy disorders who are at increased risk for CVD.
Effect of SARS-CoV-2 Infection on Pregnancy Outcomes in an Inner-City Black Patient Population.; While data have shown that Black populations are disproportionately affected by COVID-19, few studies have evaluated birth outcomes in these understudied populations. This study hypothesized that SARS-CoV-2 infection would confer worse maternal and neonatal outcomes in a predominantly Black and underserved population in Brooklyn, New York City. In particular, SARS-CoV-2 is associated with higher rates of preterm birth, cesarean delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, lower APGAR scores, and neonatal resuscitation. Demographic factors and comorbidities were compared between the SARS-CoV-2 positive and negative groups. A retrospective cohort study was conducted in hospitalized patients who gave birth at Kings County Hospital from April 10 through June 10, 2020. Demographic and clinical data were obtained from the electronic medical record. Patients were categorized based on SARS-CoV-2 infection status and peripartum outcomes were analyzed. We used the Fisher exact test for categorical variables and the Wilcoxon rank-sum test for continuous variables. P < 0.05 was considered significant. There were no differences in obstetric or neonatal outcomes between the SARS-CoV-2 positive and negative cohorts. Most SARS-CoV-2 positive patients were asymptomatic on admission. The rates of maternal comorbidities were similar in the SARS-CoV-2 positive and negative groups. In this predominantly Black population in Brooklyn, SARS-CoV-2 infection did not confer increased risk of adverse obstetric or neonatal outcomes, despite the prevalence of comorbidities. The impact of SARS-CoV-2 infection on pregnancy outcomes is complex and may differ on a community level. Determining how COVID-19 is associated with perinatal outcomes in this minoritized patient population will augment our understanding of health disparities in order to improve care.
The association between fetal renal artery indices in late pregnancy and birth weight in gestational diabetes mellitus: A cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Estimation of the fetal birth weight and diagnosis of small for gestational age in the fetuses of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are currently imprecise. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to evaluate the association between fetal renal artery Doppler indices and neonatal birth weight in women with GDM in late pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cohort study recruited 246 pregnant women from Shariati Hospital in Tehran, Iran, in two GDM and healthy control groups. Participants underwent weekly Doppler ultrasounds in the late pregnancy period (37-40 wk) to determine the Doppler indices of the umbilical artery, middle cerebral, and renal arteries. Fetal growth indices including biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference, head circumference, and femur length were also recorded and compared between the two groups. RESULTS: Fetal growth indices and estimated fetal weight were not significantly different between the two groups. Neonatal birth weight was significantly higher in the GDM group (p  <  0.01). The GDM group had significantly higher renal artery indices (resistance index: p = 0.01, pulsatility index [PI]: p = 0.03, and systolic/diastolic ratio [S/D]: p = 0.01) compared to the control group. Also, there was an inverse linear correlation between umbilical indices and birth weight (PI: p = 0.01, S/D: p  < 0.01), and between renal artery indices and birth weight (resistance index: p = 0.02, PI: p = 0.01, and S/D: p = 0.03). In the control group, only umbilical artery PI had an inverse linear correlation with birth weight (p = 0.03) and there was no correlation between renal artery indices and birth weight. CONCLUSION: Using Doppler hemodynamic indices of the renal artery in late pregnancy in women with GDM can be helpful for early detection of hypoxic fetuses, who are at risk of being small for gestational age or having intrauterine growth restriction, even when of normal weight.
Beta-blockers for Atherosclerosis Prevention: a Missed Opportunity?; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Current guidelines for the management of arterial hypertension endorse β-adrenergic receptor blocking agents (beta-blockers, BBs) as being particularly useful for hypertension in specific situations such as symptomatic angina, tachycardia, post-myocardial infarction, heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), and as an alternative to angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) in hypertensive women planning pregnancy or at least of child-bearing potential. One of the most common uses of BBs is in patients with a recent myocardial infarction, with or without hypertension. Although this one use is specifically in a setting of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), it is not primarily for atheroprevention, but rather for cases with impaired systolic function, and it is intended primarily to lessen adverse cardiac remodeling and worsening of congestive heart failure (CHF). The BB class consists of numerous agents which differ widely in pharmacologic properties and physiologic effects. These differences include selectivity for β-adrenergic receptors and their subtypes, hydro- or lipophilicity, effects on blood pressure and heart rate, influence on lipoprotein and glucose metabolism, and direct impact on the artery wall, including platelet reactivity, endothelial function, infiltration of inflammatory cells and on inflammation per se, and on smooth muscle cell proliferation. Importantly, BBs are not commonly used for prevention of atherosclerosis or ASCVD per se. Many studies of early-generation BBs showed adverse effects on lipoprotein levels and metabolism of glucose and insulin and thus discouraged their use in atheroprevention. Nevertheless, newer BBs often have neutral or favorable metabolic effects on these important factors in ASCVD pathophysiology, and recent scientific studies now document direct beneficial effects of BBs on the artery wall. This document reviews both types of newer data, not only to encourage consideration of BB treatment to reduce ASCVD in the present, but also to call for future research to better explore the clinical settings in which BBs may be proven to have additional benefit in preventing ASCVD when added to the better-established treatments for dyslipidemia and diabetes. RECENT FINDINGS: Relatively recent publications have clarified the diversity among BBs regarding adverse, neutral, or favorable effects on lipoproteins (especially triglycerides (TG) and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)) and on glucose/insulin metabolism. Specifically, the newer BBs (metoprolol ER, carvedilol ER, bisoprolol, and nebivolol) are now documented to be metabolically beneficial. These new data are complex but instructive regarding potential mechanisms of the diverse effects of various BBs on metabolism. Further and more importantly, these new data refute the traditional, but now outmoded, concept that BBs are universally harmful metabolically and therefore must be used sparingly, if at all, for atheroprevention. Recent studies have also reported exciting new data regarding how certain BBs can reduce platelet adhesion and improve the function of the major cell types in the artery wall, including the endothelium, macrophages, and smooth muscle cells. Specifically, BBs can improve endothelial function by enhancing arterial vasodilation and by reducing monocyte adhesion and transmigration. Further, BBs can decrease numbers and activity of inflammatory cells, including decreasing proliferation of smooth muscle cells and their transformation into inflammatory cells. These data help with the crucial step of distinguishing among available BBs regarding their likely overall arterial effects, whether to accelerate or prevent the development of atherosclerosis. In this regard, there is even some limited published information beyond these intermediary steps, going directly to the clinically more important endpoints of atherosclerosis and ASCVD events. The negative metabolic effects observed with the use of traditional/earlier generations of BBs have discouraged use of any BBs to prevent ASCVD. These adverse effects are not seen, however, with newer BBs. Thus, BBs continue to be a useful component of combination regimens not only in the treatment of arterial hypertension, heart failure, and arrhythmia, but also potentially in the prevention of atherosclerosis and ASCVD. Despite this exciting potential, further research is greatly needed to better establish the possible benefits of the most promising BBs as they might work in combination with other better-established atheropreventive agents. Specifically, there is a need for randomized, prospective, cardiovascular outcome trials (CVOTs) in high-risk patients, adding a BB to background LDL-lowering (statins, etc.), TG-lowering (specifically icosapent ethyl, which reduces ASCVD in patients with high TG, although apparently not via TG-lowering), and/or anti-diabetic (sodium glucose transport-2 inhibitors, SGLT2i, and glucagon-like protein-1 receptor agonists, GLP1-RA) treatments, as indicated in a given subject population.
Cardiovascular outcomes 50 years after antenatal exposure to betamethasone: Follow-up of a randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality, but there is limited evidence regarding their effects on long-term health. This study assessed cardiovascular outcomes at 50 years after antenatal exposure to corticosteroids. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We assessed the adult offspring of women who participated in the first randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (1969 to 1974). The first 717 mothers received 2 intramuscular injections of 12 mg betamethasone or placebo 24 h apart and the subsequent 398 received 2 injections of 24 mg betamethasone or equivalent volume of placebo. Follow-up included a health questionnaire and consent to access administrative data sources. The co-primary outcomes were the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (any of hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, or prediabetes) and age at first major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularisation, stroke, admission for peripheral vascular disease, and admission for heart failure). Analyses were adjusted for gestational age at entry, sex, and clustering. Of 1,218 infants born to 1,115 mothers, we followed up 424 (46% of survivors; 212 [50%] female) at mean (standard deviation) age 49.3 (1.0) years. There were no differences between those exposed to betamethasone or placebo for cardiovascular risk factors (159/229 [69.4%] versus 131/195 [67.2%]; adjusted relative risk 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.89, 1.18;]; p = 0.735) or age at first MACE (adjusted hazard ratio 0.58, 95% CI [0.23, 1.49]; p = 0.261). There were also no differences in the components of these composite outcomes or in any of the other secondary outcomes. Key limitations were follow-up rate and lack of in-person assessments. CONCLUSIONS: There is no evidence that antenatal corticosteroids increase the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or incidence of cardiovascular events up to 50 years of age. Established benefits of antenatal corticosteroids are not outweighed by an increase in adult cardiovascular disease.
Midlife development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women by history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Women with history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased risk of early onset cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes (T2D). We aimed to investigate the extent to which HDP is also associated with midlife development of T2D and hypertension above and beyond established risk factors. METHODS: We included parous women who attended population-based structured clinical visits at age 50 and 60 years in Sweden 1991-2013 (N = 6587). Women with prior diabetes mellitus, stroke, or ischemic heart disease at age 50 years were excluded. Data on reproductive history were collected from registries. To study the association between history of HDP and the between-visits development of T2D, hypertension, and clinical risk factors of cardiometabolic disease (body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, and total cholesterol), we utilized multivariable adjusted regression models (logistic, log binomial, and linear regression, respectively). Models included data on outcome risk factors at age 50 years, e.g. BMI, 75 g 2 h oral glucose tolerance test result, and mean arterial pressure, respectively. RESULTS: Between ages 50 and 60 years, 5.8% of initially disease-free women developed T2D and 31.6% developed hypertension. History of HDP was associated with increased risk of developing T2D between age 50 and 60 years even when adjusting for risk factors, including BMI, at age 50 years (odds ratio (OR) 1.96, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.29-2.98). By contrast, the higher risk of developing hypertension observed in women with history of HDP (relative risk (RR) 1.47, 95% CI 1.22-1.78) was attenuated when adjusted for risk factors (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.94-1.25). Participants with a history of HDP had higher mean BMI and blood pressure at age 50 years, with levels roughly corresponding to those observed at age 60 years in unaffected women. CONCLUSIONS: Women with history of HDP are not only at higher risk of cardiometabolic disease during their reproductive years, but HDP is also associated with midlife T2D development above and beyond established risk factors.
Maternal exposure to angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors in the first trimester and risk of malformations in offspring: a retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine a reported association between use of angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors during the first trimester and risk of malformations in offspring. DESIGN: A population based, retrospective cohort study linking automated clinical and pharmacy databases including comprehensive electronic medical records. PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant women and their live born offspring (465,754 mother-infant pairs) in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California region from 1995 to 2008. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Congenital malformation in live births. RESULTS: The prevalence of ACE inhibitor use in the first trimester only was 0.9/1000, and the use of other antihypertensive medications was 2.4/1000. After adjustment for maternal age, ethnicity, parity, and obesity, use of ACE inhibitors during the first trimester only seemed to be associated with increased risk of congenital heart defects in offspring compared with normal controls (those with neither hypertension nor use of any antihypertensives during pregnancy) (15/381 (3.9%) v 6232/400,021 (1.6%) cases, odds ratio 1.54 (95% confidence interval 0.90 to 2.62)). A similar association was observed for use of other antihypertensives (28/1090 (2.6%) cases of congenital heart defects, odds ratio 1.52 (1.04 to 2.21)). However, compared with hypertension controls (those with a diagnosis of hypertension but without use of antihypertensives) (708/29,735 (2.4%) cases of congenital heart defects), neither use of ACE inhibitors or of other antihypertensives in the first trimester was associated with increased congenital heart defects risk (odds ratios 1.14 (0.65 to 1.98) and 1.12 (0.76 to 1.64) respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal use of ACE inhibitors in the first trimester has a risk profile similar to the use of other antihypertensives regarding malformations in live born offspring. The apparent increased risk of malformations associated with use of ACE inhibitors (and other antihypertensives) in the first trimester is likely due to the underlying hypertension rather than the medications.
Birth weight and subsequent risk of childhood primary brain tumors: a meta-analysis.; The etiology of primary brain tumors is largely unknown. Since a peak of incidence occurs during childhood, factors operating very early in life might play a key role. Previous studies have suggested that high birth weight is associated with an increased brain tumor risk. The authors conducted a meta-analysis on the association between birth weight and risk of specific histologic types of primary brain tumors. They included published studies (1966-2007) that reported odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for brain tumors associated with birth weight. The authors identified eight studies involving 1,748,964 children, of whom 4,162 suffered from brain tumors of three histologic types (astrocytoma, medulloblastoma, and ependymoma). For astrocytoma, high birth weight (>4,000 g) was associated with increased risk (odds ratio = 1.38, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.07, 1.79), with each 1,000-g increase in birth weight being associated with a 19% (95% CI: 4, 36) increase in risk. For medulloblastoma, high birth weight was also positively associated with increased risk (odds ratio = 1.27, 95% CI: 1.02, 1.60). No association was found for ependymoma. These findings indicate that birth weight is related to the development of childhood brain tumors, with high birth weight being a risk factor for the two most common types of brain tumors.
Nutrition During Pregnancy and the Effect of Carbohydrates on the Offspring's Metabolic Profile: In Search of the "Perfect Maternal Diet".; Fetal growth and development is primarily dependent upon the nutritional, hormonal and metabolic environment provided by the mother. A wartime famine study in Holland first showed that a low food intake reduces the glucose offered to the fetus and thus produces smaller size infants at birth. Maternal glucose regulation is however affected by numerous factors including physiological changes of pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance [IR]), pathological conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus) and maternal nutrition. Maternal glucose is substantially influenced by the type of carbohydrates in the diet through its direct effect on glycemia. The rate at which each carbohydrate raises blood glucose levels after ingestion, can be measured via the dietary glycemic index (GI). Carbohydrate type and the GI of the diet enhance or inhibit abnormal hyperglycemia during pregnancy caused by either pathological conditions or the inability of the mother to cope with the physiological IR of pregnancy. In turn, maternal gestational hyperglycemia may be involved in the pathogenesis of IR, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, the Metabolic Syndrome and subsequent cardiovascular diseases in adult offspring. A low GI maternal diet has been associated with measurable benefits to the offspring. These include a positive effect on altering maternal blood glucose production, insulinemia and reduced adiposity as well as fetal and placental insulin and glucose regulation, fetal growth, birth weight and offspring adiposity. We review the possible links between dietary carbohydrate in health during pregnancy and the effect of maternal carbohydrate ingestion on programming the offspring's metabolic profile.
Determinants of cord blood adipokines and association with neonatal abdominal adipose tissue distribution.; BACKGROUND: Cord blood leptin and adiponectin are adipokines known to be associated with birth weight and overall infant adiposity. However, few studies have investigated their associations with abdominal adiposity in neonates. We examined maternal factors associated with cord blood leptin and adiponectin, and the association of these adipokines with neonatal adiposity and abdominal fat distribution measured by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in an Asian mother-offspring cohort. METHODS: Growing Up in Singapore Towards healthy Outcomes (GUSTO), is a prospective mother-offspring birth cohort study in Singapore. Cord blood plasma leptin and adiponectin concentrations were measured using Luminex and Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay respectively in 816 infants. A total of 271 neonates underwent MRI within the first 2-weeks after delivery. Abdominal superficial (sSAT), deep subcutaneous (dSAT), and intra-abdominal (IAT) adipose tissue compartment volumes were quantified from MRI images. Multivariable regression analyses were performed. RESULTS: Indian or Malay ethnicity, female sex, and gestational age were positively associated with cord blood leptin and adiponectin concentrations. Maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) positively associated with cord blood leptin concentrations but inversely associated with cord blood adiponectin concentrations. Maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) showed a positive relationship with cord blood leptin but not with adiponectin concentrations. Each SD increase in cord blood leptin was associated with higher neonatal sSAT, dSAT and IAT; differences in SD (95% CI): 0.258 (0.142, 0.374), 0.386 (0.254, 0.517) and 0.250 (0.118, 0.383), respectively. Similarly, each SD increase in cord blood adiponectin was associated with higher neonatal sSAT and dSAT; differences in SD (95% CI): 0.185 (0.096, 0.274) and 0.173 (0.067, 0.278), respectively. The association between cord blood adiponectin and neonatal adiposity was observed in neonates of obese mothers only. CONCLUSIONS: Cord blood leptin and adiponectin concentrations were associated with ethnicity, maternal BMI and GDM, sex and gestational age. Both adipokines showed positive association with neonatal abdominal adiposity.
Premature birth carries a higher risk of nephrotic syndrome: a cohort study.; The pathogenesis of nephrotic syndrome is unclear. We conducted a nationwide population-based cohort study to examine the associations between preterm births and subsequent development of NS. NS was defined as ≥ 3 records with ICD-9-CM codes for NS in hospital admission or outpatient clinic visits. To avoid secondary nephrotic syndrome or nephritis with nephrotic range proteinuria, especially IgA nephropathy, we excluded patients with associated codes. A total of 78,651 preterm infants (gestational age < 37 weeks) and 786,510 matched term infants born between 2004 and 2009 were enrolled and followed until 2016. In the unadjusted models, preterm births, maternal diabetes, and pregnancy induced hypertension were associated with subsequent NS. After adjustment, preterm births remained significantly associated with NS (p = 0.001). The risk of NS increased as the gestational age decreased (p for trend < 0.001). Among the NS population, preterm births were not associated with more complications (Hypertension: p = 0.19; Serious infections: p = 0.63, ESRD: p = 0.75) or a requirement for secondary immunosuppressants (p = 0.61). In conclusion, preterm births were associated with subsequent NS, where the risk increased as the gestational age decreased. Our study provides valuable information for future pathogenesis studies.
Impaired microvascular insulin-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes.; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have significantly greater lifetime risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared to women who had an uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Microvascular endothelial dysfunction, mediated via reduced nitric oxide (NO)-dependent dilation secondary to increases in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy complicated by GDM. We examined whether this microvascular dysfunction reduces insulin-mediated vascular responses in women with a history of GDM. We assessed in vivo microvascular endothelium-dependent vasodilator function by measurement of cutaneous vascular conductance responses to graded infusion of acetylcholine (10(-10) - 10(-1)M) and insulin (10(-8) - 10(-4)M) in control sites and sites treated with 15mM L-NAME [N(G)-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester; NO-synthase (NOS) inhibitor] or 5mM L-ascorbate. We also measured protein expression of total endothelial NOS (eNOS), insulin-mediated eNOS phosphorylation, and endothelial nitrotyrosine in isolated endothelial cells from GDM and HC. Women with a history of GDM had reduced acetylcholine- (P<0.001) and insulin- (P<0.001) mediated dilation and the NO-dependent responses to both acetylcholine (P=0.006) and insulin (P=0.006) were reduced in GDM compared to HC. Insulin stimulation increased phosphorylated eNOS content in HC (P=0.009) but had no effect in GDM (P=0.306). Ascorbate treatment increased acetylcholine- (P<0.001) and insulin- (P<0.001) mediated dilation in GDM, and endothelial cell nitrotyrosine expression was higher in GDM compared to HC (P=0.014). Women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular vasodilation responses to insulin, and this attenuation is mediated, in part, by reduced NO-dependent mechanisms. Our findings implicate increased endothelial oxidative stress in this microvascular insulin resistance.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction in young women.; The interim results of a case-control study of myocardial infarction in women below age 55 years conducted in northern Italy since January 1983 are presented, based on 168 cases of acute myocardial infarction and 251 hospital controls. Cigarette smoking was strongly related to myocardial infarction, with risk estimates elevated more than 10-fold for heavy (more than 25 cigarettes per day) smokers. Smoking-related relative risks were of similar magnitude in younger (less than 45 years) and in perimenopausal (45-54 years) women and were largely unaffected by allowance for several potential distorting factors. Other factors independently and strongly related to the risk of myocardial infarction were diabetes, hypertension, and history of coronary heart disease in more than one first-degree relative. Relative risks were also elevated in women who gave birth to their first child earlier (below age 20 years) and in oral contraceptive users. However, these estimates were not significant. The apparent positive associations with clinical history of hyperlipidemia, hypertension in pregnancy, and heavy coffee consumption could be explained largely in terms of confounding, but the protection conveyed by moderate alcohol consumption remained after multivariate analysis. Thus, the interim results of this investigation in a low incidence population confirm the importance of several risk factors previously described in data collected in Northern Europe and the United States. Furthermore, possibly because of the low baseline risk, the proportion of cases attributable to smoking in middle-aged women in this population may be even larger than that previously reported from higher incidence areas.
[Natural history of myocardial hypertrophy and its association with hyperinsulinism in infants of diabetic mothers].; PURPOSE: To test the hypothesis that myocardial hypertrophy is associated with increased serum insulin levels in children of diabetic mothers and to determine the frequency and timing of this spontaneous regression. METHODS: Seventy-two patients were studied (54 children of diabetic mothers and 18 controls). Diagnosis of myocardial hypertrophy was made by fetal echocardiography. Amniotic fluid insulin levels were obtained from a previous prenatal study on hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, since the participation of the mothers was common to both projects. RESULTS: There were 10 cases of myocardial hypertrophy among children of diabetic mothers (18.52%). Septal thickness was significantly different between the 2 groups (children of diabetic mothers and controls) in the evaluation performed at the age of 1 month (p = 0.04). Insulin levels were still increased in children of diabetic mothers until the age of 3 months. During this period insulin levels were significantly higher than those of controls (p = 0.003 and p = 0.001, at 1 and 3 months, respectively). The association between regression of ventricular septum thickness and the decrease of insulin levels occurred up to the age of 1 month. CONCLUSION: There was spontaneous regression of ventricular septum thickness in children of diabetic mothers during the first 6 months of life. The association between hyperinsulinism and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was present up to the first month of life.
Diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy - A review.; Diabetes and gestational diabetes (GD) are areas of concern worldwide. GD can eventually lead to serious development of diabetic retinopathy (DR) during pregnancy or worsening of an already existing DR. GD confers future risk of diabetes, both in the mother and fetus, further complicating their lives. DR in pregnant women has been intriguing in terms of understanding the prevalence, assessing risk factors causing pathogenesis, and problems associated with treating them. Pregnancy itself is a risk factor for progression of DR. Physiological changes such as metabolic, vascular, immunologic, and hormonal changes that occur during pregnancy can cause development as well as worsening of DR. This can eventually lead to permanent visual loss if not addressed on time. Timing of laser, choice of treatment for diabetic macular edema with laser, intravitreal anti-vascular endothelial growth factor agents (VEGF), and intravitreal steroids pose a serious challenge in managing these patients without causing damage to the mother and fetus. This review article showcases the prevalence, risk factors, and pathogenesis, outlines the management of DR in pregnancy, and recommends guidelines based on the available evidence. PubMed and MEDLINE searches were performed pertaining to the prevalence of GD in India, DR in pregnancy, risk factors for progression of DR, role of vasoactive mediators in DR, role of angiopoietic factors in DR, hormonal influence of DR, role of growth factors in DR, use of fluorescein and indocyanine green angiography, retinal lasers, anti-VEGF agents, intravitreal steroids, anesthesia, and retinal surgery, all pertaining to pregnancy and guidelines and recommendations for managing DR in pregnancy.
Reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive coronary artery disease among postmenopausal women.; OBJECTIVE: Reproductive factors are female-specific coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors. However, the importance of reproductive factors in angiographic obstructive CAD in postmenopausal women remains uncertain. This study aimed to compare reproductive factors between postmenopausal women with no apparent CAD, nonobstructive CAD, and obstructive CAD and identify reproductive risk factors for obstructive CAD. METHODS: In this hospital-based cross-sectional study, 1,474 postmenopausal women, admitted with chest pain and referred for invasive coronary angiography were enrolled between April 2013 and October 2018. RESULTS: Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for obstructive CAD were 1.81 (1.03-3.17) for multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), 1.77 (1.14-2.76) for early menopause (≤40 y old), and 1.72 (1.26-2.35) for short reproductive life span (≤30 y). Each additional year in age at menopause or reproductive life span was associated with a 4% reduction in obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women (odds ratio, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99; P = 0.011). The other reproductive factors, including parity, age at first birth, spontaneous abortion, induced abortion, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and age at menarche, were not correlated with obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women. CONCLUSIONS: Multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), early menopause, and a shorter reproductive life span were independent risk factors of angiographic obstructive CAD among postmenopausal women, which suggested that pregnancy and ovarian function may be important for the early identification and prevention of increased risk of female angiographic obstructive CAD.
Induction of labor with three different techniques at 41 weeks of gestation or spontaneous follow-up until 42 weeks in women with definitely unfavorable cervical scores.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the obstetric outcome of induction of labor at 41 weeks and of follow-up until 42 weeks and induction if the patient has still not given birth at 42 weeks. STUDY DESIGN: Six hundred women at 287+/-1 days of gestation with definitely unfavorable cervical scores were randomized to labor induction (N=300) or spontaneous follow-up (N=300) with twice-weekly nonstress testing and amniotic fluid measurement and once-weekly biophysical scoring. The treatments used in the induction group were (1) vaginal administration of 50 microg misoprostol (n=100), (2) oxytocin induction (n=100), and (3) transcervical insertion of a Foley balloon (n=100). The primary outcome measures were the cesarean delivery rate, whether or not the normal hospital stay had to be extended, and the neonatal outcomes. Secondary outcome measure included number of emergency cesarean deliveries performed for abnormalities of the fetal heart rate (FHR). RESULTS: The abdominal delivery rate was 19.3% in the induction group and 22% in the follow-up group (p=0.4). The mean length of hospital stay in the two main groups was 1.4+/-0.8 days and 1.3+/-1 days, respectively (p=0.1). Significantly higher rates of macrosomia and shoulder dystocia were seen in the follow-up group (24.6 and 2.3%) than in the induction group (7.6%, p<0.001; 0.3%, p=0.03). Meconium-stained amniotic fluid and meconium aspiration syndrome were observed significantly less frequently in the induction group (9.3 and 1.3%) than in the follow-up group (20.3%, p<0.001; 4%, p=0.03). Rates of emergency abdominal delivery in response to worrying FHR traces, neonatal intensive care unit admission, and low umblical artery pH were similar in the two groups. There was one intrauterine fetal death in the follow-up group. CONCLUSION: Induction of labor at 41 weeks of gestation does not increase the cesarean delivery rate or cause a longer stay in hospital than follow-up until 42 weeks, and neonatal morbidity is also lower after induction.
An Evaluation of the Second Trimester Thyroid Function Test in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance in a female with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Females with GDM are at higher risk of developing antenatal complications like preeclampsia during pregnancy and increased risk of type 2 diabetes as well as cardiovascular disorders later in their life. Maternal thyroid changes in the first and second trimesters of pregnancy have been widely related to the risk of GDM. Hypothyroidism during pregnancy is associated with early and late complications like abortions, anaemia, gestational hypertension, placental abruption and postpartum haemorrhage, impaired infant neurodevelopment, and low birth weight. OBJECTIVES: This study aims to compare the thyroid function test (TFT) (serum fT3, fT4, TSH) and thyroid peroxidase antibody (anti TPO) between GDM and non GDM pregnant women in the second trimester and to correlate the adverse pregnancy outcomes with TFT in GDM and non GDM women. METHODS: A nested case-control study was done in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Department of Endocrinology, Department of Paediatrics, University College of Medical Sciences, and Guru Teg Bahadur (GTB) Hospital, Delhi. About 350 pregnant women from 13 weeks till 28 weeks period of gestation were screened out of which 40 GDM and 40 non GDM women were selected after performing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A TFT and anti TPO test were compared between GDM and non GDM participants. Furthermore, various parameters like sociodemographic profile, mode of delivery, pregnancy outcomes, and adverse maternal and adverse neonatal outcomes were compared. CONCLUSION: The mean age of GDM women is found to be more than non GDM women. The mean TFT values are significantly lower in women with GDM as compared to non GDM women. In addition, higher values of anti TPO antibody (thyroid autoantibody) were found in the GDM group which aids in insulin resistance. Maternal complications like polyhydramnios, preterm labour, and pregnancy-induced hypertension were found to be more frequent in the GDM group compared to the non GDM group, but the results were statistically not significant. There was a higher incidence of caesarean delivery in the GDM group. Thus, we recommend the implementation of routine thyroid function profile testing in all antenatal females especially those who are at risk of developing GDM. Our study is one of the few Indian studies to evaluate the association of TFT in GDM, and we recommend similar research with a larger sample size and postnatal follow-up.
2023 AHA/ACC/ACCP/ASPC/NLA/PCNA Guideline for the Management of Patients With Chronic Coronary Disease: A Report of the American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Joint Committee on Clinical Practice Guidelines.; AIM: The "2023 AHA/ACC/ACCP/ASPC/NLA/PCNA Guideline for the Management of Patients With Chronic Coronary Disease" provides an update to and consolidates new evidence since the "2012 ACCF/AHA/ACP/AATS/PCNA/SCAI/STS Guideline for the Diagnosis and Management of Patients With Stable Ischemic Heart Disease" and the corresponding "2014 ACC/AHA/AATS/PCNA/SCAI/STS Focused Update of the Guideline for the Diagnosis and Management of Patients With Stable Ischemic Heart Disease." METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted from September 2021 to May 2022. Clinical studies, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and other evidence conducted on human participants were identified that were published in English from MEDLINE (through PubMed), EMBASE, the Cochrane Library, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and other selected databases relevant to this guideline. STRUCTURE: This guideline provides an evidenced-based and patient-centered approach to management of patients with chronic coronary disease, considering social determinants of health and incorporating the principles of shared decision-making and team-based care. Relevant topics include general approaches to treatment decisions, guideline-directed management and therapy to reduce symptoms and future cardiovascular events, decision-making pertaining to revascularization in patients with chronic coronary disease, recommendations for management in special populations, patient follow-up and monitoring, evidence gaps, and areas in need of future research. Where applicable, and based on availability of cost-effectiveness data, cost-value recommendations are also provided for clinicians. Many recommendations from previously published guidelines have been updated with new evidence, and new recommendations have been created when supported by published data.
Hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction is alleviated by thioredoxin mimetic peptides through the restoration of VEGFR-2-induced responses and improved cell survival.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus is an important cardiovascular risk factor characterized by elevated plasma glucose levels. High glucose (HG) negatively influences endothelial cell (EC) function, which is characterized by the inability of ECs to respond to vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-A) stimulation. We aimed to identify potential strategies to improve EC function in diabetes. METHODS AND RESULTS: Human umbilical cord endothelial cells (HUVECs) were subjected to hyperglycemic milieu by exposing cells to HG together with glucose metabolite, methylglyoxal (MG) in vitro. Hyperglycemic cells showed reduced chemotactic responses towards VEGF-A as revealed by Boyden chamber migration assays, indicating the development of "VEGF resistance" phenotype. Furthermore, HG/MG-exposed cells were defective in their general migratory and proliferative responses and were in a pro-apoptotic state. Mechanistically, the exposure to HG/MG resulted in reactive oxygen species (ROS) accumulation which is secondary to the impairment of thioredoxin (Trx) activity in these cells. Pharmacological and genetic targeting of Trx recapitulated VEGF resistance. Functional supplementation of Trx using thioredoxin mimetic peptides (TMP) reversed the HG/MG-induced ROS generation, improved the migration, proliferation, survival and restored VEGF-A-induced chemotaxis and sprouting angiogenesis of hyperglycemic ECs. Importantly, TMP treatment reduced ROS accumulation and improved VEGF-A responses of placental arterial endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetes mellitus patients. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest a putative role for Trx in modulating EC function and its functional impairment in HG conditions contribute to EC dysfunction. Supplementation of TMP could be used as a novel strategy to improve endothelial cell function in diabetes.
Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes: review and recommendations.; BACKGROUND: Men and women differ in their experience of diabetes mellitus (DM). For optimal prevention and treatment of the disease, these differences must be acknowledged. Unfortunately, most studies of diabetes have focused almost exclusively on men. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this review was to survey the literature about the sex-specific features of DM and to make recommendations for the gender-specific care of patients. METHODS: An initial literature search was performed with Google Scholar and MEDLINE (1995-2005) using the search terms sex/gender, women, diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease, and specific topic headings such as polycystic ovary syndrome. The bibliographies of articles were used extensively to augment the search, and more specific search terms were included. The strength of each recommendation was assessed. RESULTS: : Even when women were included in clinical trials, investigators typically made no attempt to assess the impact of sex differences on the reported results. Existing studies, however, reveal several differences between men and women with diabetes. The prevalence of DM is growing fastest for older minority women. Women with diabetes, regardless of menopausal status, have a 4- to 6-fold increase in the risk of developing coronary artery disease (CAD), whereas men with diabetes have a 2- to 3-fold increase in risk. Women with diabetes have a poorer prognosis after myocardial infarction and a higher risk of death overall from cardiovascular disease than do men with diabetes. Women with type 2 DM experience more symptoms of hyperglycemia than do their male counterparts. Obesity, an important contributor to type 2 DM, is more prevalent in women. Women with diabetes have an increased risk of hypertension compared with men with diabetes. Women have a more severe type of dyslipidemia than do men (low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, small particle size of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high levels of triglycerides), and these risk factors for CAD have a stronger influence in women. Oxidative stress may confer a greater increase in the risk of CAD for women with diabetes than for men with diabetes. Many other sex differences in DM are due to women's reproductive physiology. Polycystic ovary syndrome is an important correlate of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 DM. Women are less likely than men to receive aggressive treatment for CAD and to achieve treatment goals. Critical recommendations for women include exercise, testing for CAD, daily aspirin to counteract the prothrombotic state, depression screening, careful treatment to avoid weight gain, long-term follow-up of children of women with GDM, control of risk factors for CAD, and aggressive treatment with coronary angioplasty for CAD. Disease management programs for patients with diabetes have been shown to save money and improve outcomes, and should continue to incorporate information about sex-specific differences in DM as it becomes available. CONCLUSION: Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes should be informed by evidence-based recommendations.
The Relationship Between Gestational Diabetes and the Risk of Cancer: A Systematic Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common endocrine disorders to occur during pregnancy due to the increase in circulating human placental lactogen (hPL) and possible beta-cell sensitivity. While GDM can be managed either with diet and exercise or pharmacological interventions, it is associated with significant maternal and neonatal complications. Maternal complications include short- and long-term conditions such as pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, arrest of labor, future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cardiovascular disorders. Neonates can develop hypoglycemia and hypocalcemia and have a large gestational age (LGA). New research has also highlighted another possible long-term complication for both mothers and offspring, which is the development of cancer. Cancer has various types of progression, but most cause systemic symptoms leading to a reduced quality of life. Cancer can be terminal and can affect the majority of the population; thus, significant effort is being employed to try and reduce its occurrence. This systematic review was conducted with adherence to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines using PubMed, ScienceDirect, and ProQuest databases. Initially, 136,019 publications were identified. Through the screening process, a total of 27 publications were finalized within the scope of this paper. Most studies observing maternal cancer with a history of GDM found that there was an association between the increased risk of cancer and GDM. Specifically, these studies identified the association of GDM with breast, ovarian, cervical, and uterine cancer, as well as other non-reproductive organs such as the thyroid and pancreas. Cancer development in the offspring also presented an association with mothers who developed GDM. The most prevalent cancer evaluated was leukemia, and it was specifically associated with a maternal history of GDM. With the consistent rise in the incidence of cancer, any attempts to reduce its development are imperative to assess. While GDM is essentially a temporary condition that resolves following pregnancy in most patients, the possibility of contributing to future conditions years after its occurrence creates a sense of urgency and necessity to reduce the incidence of GDM. Researchers should be able to identify other unknown biomarkers that contribute to the development of cancer in mothers who experienced GDM as well as their infants.
Maternal and neonatal FTO rs9939609 polymorphism affect insulin sensitivity markers and lipoprotein profile at birth in appropriate-for-gestational-age term neonates.; The influence of maternal fat mass and obesity (FTO) gene polymorphism on neonatal insulin sensitivity/resistance biomarkers and lipoprotein profile has not been tested. The study aimed to assess the association between the FTO rs9939609 polymorphism in mother-neonate couples and neonatal anthropometrical measurements, insulin sensitivity/resistance, and lipid and lipoprotein concentrations at birth. Fifty-three term, appropriate-for-gestational-age, Caucasian newborns together with their respective mothers participated in a cross-sectional study. Sixty-six percent of mothers and neonates carried the A allele (being AA or AT). TT mothers gained less weight during pregnancy, but non-significant maternal gene influence was found for neonatal bodyweight, body mass index, or ponderal index. Neonates from AA + AT mothers showed lower glucose, insulin, and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) but higher homeostatic model assessment insulin sensitivity (HOMA-IS) and homocysteine than neonates whose mothers were TT. AA + AT neonates had higher insulin and HOMA-IR than TT. The genotype neonatal × maternal association was tested in the following four groups of neonates: TT neonates × TT mothers (nTT × mTT), TT neonates × AA + AT mothers (nTT × mAA + AT), AA + AT neonates × TT mothers (nAA + AT × mTT), and AA + AT neonates × AA + AT mothers (nAA + AT × mAA + AT). Non-significant interactions between neonatal and maternal alleles were found for any parameter tested. However, maternal alleles affected significantly glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, and homocysteine while neonatal alleles the arylesterase activity. Most significant differences were found between nATT + AA × mTT and nATT + AA × mAA + AT. Glycemia, insulinemia, and HOMA-IR were lower, while the Mediterranean diet adherence (MDA) was higher in the mAA + AT vs. mTT whose children were AA + AT. This dietary fact seems to counterbalance the potential negative effect on glucose homeostasis of the obesogenic A allele in neonates.
Programming of cardiometabolic health: the role of maternal and fetal hyperinsulinaemia.; Obesity and gestational diabetes during pregnancy have multiple short- and long-term consequences for both mother and child. One common feature of pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity and gestational diabetes is maternal hyperinsulinaemia, which has effects on the mother and her adaptation to pregnancy. Even though insulin does not cross the placenta insulin can act on the placenta as well affecting placental growth, angiogenesis and lipid metabolism. Obese and gestational diabetic pregnancies are often characterised by maternal hyperglycaemia resulting in exposure of the fetus to high levels of glucose, which freely crosses the placenta. This leads to stimulation of fetal ß-cells and insulin secretion in the fetus. Fetal hyperglycaemia/hyperinsulinaemia has been shown to cause multiple complications in fetal development, such as altered growth trajectories, impaired neuronal and cardiac development and early exhaustion of the pancreas. These changes could increase the susceptibility of the offspring to develop cardiometabolic diseases later in life. In this review, we aim to summarize and review the mechanisms by which maternal and fetal hyperinsulinaemia impact on (i) maternal health during pregnancy; (ii) placental and fetal development; (iii) offspring energy homeostasis and long-term cardiometabolic health; (iv) how interventions can alleviate these effects.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Major risk factors and pregnancy-related outcomes: A cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major pregnancy endocrine problem that has several confirmed risk factors and is associated with adverse pregnancy-related outcomes (PRO). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between GDM diagnosis and the associated risk factors of PRO (maternal, intrapartum, perinatal, and neonatal) in accordance with International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective cohort study was performed with 531 singleton parturient (265 GDM and 266 non-GDM). They were selected consecutively from referral hospitals, and the maternal, intrapartum, perinatal, and neonatal outcomes were assessed. RESULTS: The major risk factors influencing the GDM diagnosis were maternal age, obesity, family history of diabetes, previous history of GDM, and previous history of macrosomia. In the comparison of PRO between the groups, significant associations were detected for emergency cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, polyhydramnios, premature rupture of membrane, preterm delivery, and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in the GDM group. In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, a previous history of stillbirth was significantly associated with maternal and perinatal outcomes. The odds ratios (CI 95%) of the PRO in the women with a GDM diagnosis were: maternal = 2.43 (1.51-3.90), intrapartum = 2.05 (1.35-3.11), perinatal = 2.00 (1.29-3.10), and neonatal = 1.68 (1.08-2.62). The PRO was significantly correlated with GDM diagnosis, but not with the risk factors. CONCLUSION: The adverse pregnancy outcomes were significantly correlated with GDM diagnosis, and the outcomes were not directly affected by the risk factors. Given the related adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring, early screening and management of GDM is necessary especially in Asians and in low-/middle-income countries.
[Holoprosencephaly: pathogenesis, phenotypic characteristics. About four cases].; Holoprosencephaly is a rare brain abnormality resulting from an incomplete cleavage of the primitive prosencephalon of forebrain during early embryogenesis. It includes a series of rare complex and heterogenosis disorders. Alobar form is associated with an extremely poor fetal prognosis. Here we report three cases of alobar holoprosencephaly and one case of semilobar holoprosencephaly diagnosed at the third trimester. Causes, diagnosis and management of holoprosencephaly are discussed referring to literature.
The influences of factors associated with decreased iron supply to the fetus during pregnancy on iron status in healthy children aged 0.5 to 3 years.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether maternal anemia, pregnancy-induced diabetes, hypertension and smoking contributed to the recently found high prevalence of iron deficiency in a population of otherwise healthy children. STUDY DESIGN: Iron status was assessed in 400 children aged 0.5 to 3 years. We obtained information on the mothers' laboratory results, the presence of diabetes and hypertension, smoking habits and use of medication while pregnant. RESULT: We found no influence of maternal anemia, diabetes, hypertension or smoking during pregnancy on iron status in the children. Mean corpuscular volume (MCV) values of the children were positively correlated to maternal MCV values. CONCLUSION: In this population, iron status in children is not affected by maternal anemia or maternal factors that are associated with a decreased iron transport during pregnancy. The correlation between MCV values in mothers and their children might be explained by genetic and/or shared environmental factors.
Consequences of a Maternal High-Fat Diet and Late Gestation Diabetes on the Developing Rat Lung.; RATIONALE: Infants born to diabetic or obese mothers are at risk of respiratory distress and persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN), conceivably through fuel-mediated pathogenic mechanisms. Prior research and preventative measures focus on controlling maternal hyperglycemia, but growing evidence suggests a role for additional circulating fuels including lipids. Little is known about the individual or additive effects of a maternal high-fat diet on fetal lung development. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine the effects of a maternal high-fat diet, alone and alongside late-gestation diabetes, on lung alveologenesis and vasculogenesis, as well as to ascertain if consequences persist beyond the perinatal period. METHODS: A rat model was used to study lung development in offspring from control, diabetes-exposed, high-fat diet-exposed and combination-exposed pregnancies via morphometric, histologic (alveolarization and vasculogenesis) and physiologic (echocardiography, pulmonary function) analyses at birth and 3 weeks of age. Outcomes were interrogated for diet, diabetes and interaction effect using ANOVA with significance set at p≤0.05. Findings prompted additional mechanistic inquiry of key molecular pathways. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to maternal diabetes or high-fat diet, alone and in combination, had smaller lungs and larger hearts at birth. High-fat diet-exposed, but not diabetes-exposed offspring, had a higher perinatal death rate and echocardiographic evidence of PPHN at birth. Alveolar mean linear intercept, septal thickness, and airspace area (D2) were not significantly different between the groups; however, markers of lung maturity were. Both diabetes-exposed and diet-exposed offspring expressed more T1α protein, a marker of type I cells. Diet-exposed newborn pups expressed less surfactant protein B and had fewer pulmonary vessels enumerated. Mechanistic inquiry revealed alterations in AKT activation, higher endothelin-1 expression, and an impaired Txnip/VEGF pathway that are important for vessel growth and migration. After 3 weeks, mortality remained highest and static lung compliance and hysteresis were lowest in combination-exposed offspring. CONCLUSION: This study emphasizes the effects of a maternal high-fat diet, especially alongside late-gestation diabetes, on pulmonary vasculogenesis, demonstrates adverse consequences beyond the perinatal period and directs attention to mechanistic pathways of interest. Findings provide a foundation for additional investigation of preventative and therapeutic strategies aimed at decreasing pulmonary morbidity in at-risk infants.
Myocardial infarction in young women with special reference to oral contraceptive practice.; Sixty-three women discharged from hospital with a diagnosis of myocardial infarction and 189 control patients were studied. All were under 45 years of age at the time of admission. Current oral contraceptive use, heavy cigarette smoking, treated hypertension and diabetes, pre-eclamptic toxaemia, and obesity were all reported by, and type II hyperlipoproteinaemia was found more often in, patients with myocardial infarction than their controls. The relationship between myocardial infarction and oral contraceptives could not be explained in terms of an association between the use of these preparations and the other factors. The combined effect of the risk factors was clearly synergistic.
[Changes of cardiac structure and function in pregnant women with different types of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and their influencing factors].; Objective: To analyze the changes in cardiac structure and function in women with different types of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) and explore their influencing factors. Methods: A total of 1 967 pregnant women diagnosed with HDP who delivered at Peking University Third Hospital from January 1, 2014 to April 15, 2022 were included in the study. They were categorized into four groups based on specific HDP diagnoses: gestational hypertension (506 cases, 25.7%), pre-eclampsia (589 cases, 29.9%), pregnancy complicated with chronic hypertension (332 cases, 16.9%) and chronic hypertension with pre-eclampsia (540 cases, 27.5%). Differences in cardiac structure and function among four groups were retrospectively analyzed. Cardiac structure indicators included left atrial diameter (LAD), left atrial area (LAA), right atrial area (RAA), left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD), interventricular septal thickness (IVST), left ventricular posterior wall thickness (LVPWT), systolic function indicators included left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), lateral systolic mitral annular velocity (Sm), diastolic function indicators included peak early diastolic mitral in flow velocity (E)/peak late diastolic mitral in flow velocity (A), and E/peak early diastolic myocardial velocity of the lateral mitral annulus early diastolic velocity (Em). Influencing factors on cardiac structure and function were analyzed using generalized linear regression. Influencing factors were assessed by generalized linear regression. Results: (1) General clinical data: the differences in age, gestational week at delivery, blood pressure, proportion of diabetes, and length of hospital stay were statistically significant among four different HDP types (all P<0.05). (2) Compared with pregnant women with pregnancy complicated with chronic hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and gestational hypertension, those with chronic hypertension with pre-eclampsia had larger LAD, LAA, RAA and LVEDD (all P<0.001), thicker IVST and LVPWT (all P<0.001), and reduced left ventricular diastolic function (E/A, lateral Em, E/Em) and systolic function (lateral Sm; all P<0.001). Pregnant women with gestational hypertension had the least changes in cardiac structure and function. Compared with pregnant women with pre-eclampsia, those with pregnancy complicated with chronic hypertension had smaller RAA (P<0.001) and lower E/A (P<0.001), with no significant difference in other indicators (all P>0.05). (3) Chronic hypertension with pre-eclampsia, pregnancy complicated with chronic hypertension, and pre-eclampsia were associated with larger LAD, LAA, and LVEDD, and lower lateral Em (all P<0.05). Conclusions: Different types of HDP are associated with distinct changes in cardiac structure and function. Chronic hypertension with pre-eclampsia demonstrates the most pronounced alterations, followed by pre-eclampsia and pregnancy complicated with chronic hypertension, and gestational hypertension showed the least changes.
[Clinical characteristics and risk factors of periventricular-intraventricular hemorrhage in extremely low birth weight infants].; Objective: To analyze the clinical characteristics and risk factors of periventricular-intraventricular hemorrhage (PIVH) in extremely low birth weight infants (ELBWI). Methods: From January 2019 to January 2022, the clinical data of 238 ELBWI admitted to the intensive care unit of Henan Provincial Children's Hospital within 1 week after birth and regular head color ultrasound examination were retrospective reviewed. The infants were divided into PIVH group and non-PIVH group according to whether PIVH occurred. The incidence and time of PIVH were described, and the differences in basic clinical features, perinatal conditions, postnatal treatment and complications between the two groups were compared. The risk factors of PIVH in ELBWI were further explored by multivariate binary logistic regression analysis. Results: Among 238 ELBWI (146 males and 92 females), 82 cases (34.5%) developed PIVH, including 28 cases (11.8%) of severe PIVH and 54 cases (22.7%) of mild PIVH. Among the 82 cases of PIVH, 68 cases occurred within 3 days after birth. Gestational age [(27.4±1.5) weeks vs (27.8±1.5) weeks, P=0.012], gestational diabetes mellitus [0 vs 9.0%(14/156), P=0.005], fibrinogen (FIB) [(1.8±0.5) g/L vs (2.7±0.9) g/L, P=0.012] were lower in PIVH group than in non-PIVH group. However, intrauterine distress [46.3%(38/82) vs 11.5%(18/156), P<0.001], birth asphyxia [85.4%(70/82) vs 62.8%(98/156), P<0.001], patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) [65.9%(54/82) vs 51.3%(80/156）, P=0.017], failure to withdraw invasive ventilator within 1 week [82.9%(14/82) vs 67.3%(105/156), P=0.010], use of vasoactive drugs within 1 week [28.0%(23/82) vs 15.4%(24/156), P=0.020], acidosis [28.0%(23/82) vs 12.2%(19/156), P=0.002], and hemorrhagic disease [18.3%(15/82) vs 7.1%(11/156), P=0.008] were higher in PIVH group than in non-PIVH group. Multivariate binary logistic regression analysis found that the risk factors for PIVH in ELBWI were acidosis (OR=2.257, 95%CI: 1.104-4.614, P=0.026), use of vasoactive drugs within 1 week (OR=2.274, 95%CI: 1.148-4.504, P=0.018), bleeding disorders (OR=2.583, 95%CI: 1.075-6.206, P=0.034) use of vasoactive drugs within 1 week (OR=2.301, 95%CI: 1.153-4.591, P<0.001). Conclusions: The incidence of PIVH in ELBWI is high, which mostly occurs within 3 days after birth. Acidosis, hemorrhagic disease, use of vasoactive agents within 1 week and failure to evacuate invasive ventilators within 1 week may increase the risk of PIVH in ELBWI.
Subclinical myocardial injury in small-for-gestational-age neonates.; OBJECTIVE: Small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants are at risk for premature death from cardiovascular disease (myocardial infarction and stroke), hypertension, and diabetes in adult life. Severe intrauterine growth restriction is often associated with subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities detectable during fetal echocardiography. The objective of this study was to determine whether SGA newborns have evidence of myocardial injury at birth. STUDY DESIGN: Cardiac troponin I, a specific marker of myocardial injury widely used for the diagnosis of myocardial infarction in adults, was determined in umbilical cord blood. Umbilical cord venous blood was obtained at the time of birth from 72 SGA newborns (birth weight below the 10th centile for gestational age) and 309 newborns whose birth weights were appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Cardiac troponin I was determined with a commercially available immunoassay (sensitivity 0.2 ng/ml) employed in clinical laboratories (Immulite 2000, Diagnostic Products Corp., Los Angeles, CA). RESULTS: Cardiac troponin I was not detectable in any of the blood samples from AGA infants. In contrast, 4.2% (3/72) of SGA infants had detectable cardiac troponin I in umbilical cord blood (Fisher's exact test, p = 0.007). CONCLUSION: A subgroup of SGA newborns undergoes myocardial injury before birth. This insult may predispose to the development of adult premature cardiovascular disease and death.
Recurrence risk factors of intravitreal ranibizumab monotherapy in retinopathy of prematurity: a retrospective study at one center.; AIM: To identify risk factors of recurrence of this disorder after intravitreal ranibizumab (IVR) monotherapy. METHODS: Totally 33 eyes of 19 patients who underwent initial IVR treatments for type 1 retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) at our center were retrospectively reviewed between April 1, 2016 and December 31, 2017. Patient demographics, the side of ROP, multiple gestations, Apgar scores, zone, stage, plus disease, postmenstrual age at injection, surfactant therapy, blood transfusion therapy, hemorrhage before IVR, hemorrhage after IVR, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, anemia, intraventricular hemorrhage, sepsis, respiratory distress syndrome, carbohemia, and congenital heart defects were recorded. Adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals were determined after adjusting for potential confounders using multivariate proportional Cox regression. RESULTS: Of the 33 eyes, 12 (36.4%) had ROP recurrences 45.3 (5.1, 50.9)mo after initial IVR treatments. The independent risk factors for ROP recurrences were zone (II vs I, HR: 0.056, P=0.003) and gestational diabetes mellitus (no vs yes, HR: 0.095, P<0.001). The mean uncorrected visual acuity for four recurrence eyes was 0.46 logMAR (0.13, 0.70) at 55.0 (51.0, 58.9) mo after the initial IVR treatment. The mean uncorrected visual acuity for 10 eyes without recurrence was 0.46 logMAR (0.19, 0.63) at 48.0 (43.8, 58.4) mo after the initial IVR treatment. CONCLUSION: Two independent risk factors for type 1 ROP recurrence after IVR treatment involving zone I and gestational diabetes mellitus are identified, and the mean uncorrected visual acuity is 0.46 logMAR at 51.0 (44.0, 58.9)mo. The findings of this study are important for follow-up management and for improving the visual function of ROP patients.
Effect of high dose folic acid supplementation in pregnancy on pre-eclampsia (FACT): double blind, phase III, randomised controlled, international, multicentre trial.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the efficacy of high dose folic acid supplementation for prevention of pre-eclampsia in women with at least one risk factor: pre-existing hypertension, prepregnancy diabetes (type 1 or 2), twin pregnancy, pre-eclampsia in a previous pregnancy, or body mass index ≥35. DESIGN: Randomised, phase III, double blinded international, multicentre clinical trial. SETTING: 70 obstetrical centres in five countries (Argentina, Australia, Canada, Jamaica, and UK). PARTICIPANTS: 2464 pregnant women with at least one high risk factor for pre-eclampsia were randomised between 2011 and 2015 (1144 to the folic acid group and 1157 to the placebo group); 2301 were included in the intention to treat analyses. INTERVENTION: Eligible women were randomised to receive either daily high dose folic acid (four 1.0 mg oral tablets) or placebo from eight weeks of gestation to the end of week 16 of gestation until delivery. Clinicians, participants, adjudicators, and study staff were masked to study treatment allocation. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: The primary outcome was pre-eclampsia, defined as hypertension presenting after 20 weeks' gestation with major proteinuria or HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets). RESULTS: Pre-eclampsia occurred in 169/1144 (14.8%) women in the folic acid group and 156/1157 (13.5%) in the placebo group (relative risk 1.10, 95% confidence interval 0.90 to 1.34; P=0.37). There was no evidence of differences between the groups for any other adverse maternal or neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: Supplementation with 4.0 mg/day folic acid beyond the first trimester does not prevent pre-eclampsia in women at high risk for this condition. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN23781770 and ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01355159.
[Diabetes of type 1, pregnancy and glycemic control].; INTRODUCTION: Type 1 diabetes has wide-ranging effects for expectant mothers and their unborn children. Optimal blood sugar control minimizes complications for both. We assessed maternal and neonatal outcome in relation to glycemic control. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective evaluation of pregnancies among type 1 diabetic women in Iceland during 1999-2010, with information collected from maternity and newborn records on disease severity, HbA1c values before and during pregnancy, delivery mode and complications. RESULTS: There were 93 pregnancies among 68 women (47% primigravid). Mean age was 29 years and mean time from diabetes diagnosis 16 years (median 19, range <1-35 years). Retinal changes affected 57%, chronic hypertension and thyroid disease 13%, kidney disease and neuropathy <10%. Mean HbA1c before pregnancy was 7.8% declining to 7.5% in first and 6.3% by third trimester. Women <25 had worse first trimester blood sugar control compared to those 25-35 (p<0.04) and >35 years (p=0.02). Delivery was induced in 40% and the cesarean section rate was 65%. Mean gestation was 37+2 weeks. There were two stillbirths. Preterm deliveries were 28%. Congenital anomalies affected 9% of newborns (mostly cardiac). One-third of newborns developed diabetic fetopathy, one-quarter jaundice, both associated with worse maternal bloodsugars. CONCLUSIONS: Most women with type 1 diabetes improved blood sugar control during pregnancy, which became good or acceptable by the last trimester by HbA1c values. Cesarean section was over three times more frequent than in the general population. Neonatal complications and congenital anomalies were also more common. To minimize complications improved control of bloodsugar is needed before and throughout pregnancy.
Cerebral thrombosis and myeloproliferative neoplasms.; Myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPN) are acquired clonal disorders characterized by the proliferation of bone marrow myeloid cells. Different somatic mutations have been recently associated with MPN, the most common being JAK-2 V617F. Among MPN, polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia are particularly associated with an increased risk to develop thrombotic complications, either arterial or venous. Cerebrovascular events (stroke and transient ischemic attacks) are prevalent, accounting for approximately two-thirds of all events. Also cerebral vein thrombosis can complicate MPN and can be the first manifestation of the disease. Risk factors for thrombosis in patients with MPN are related or unrelated to the disease. Among the former there are cellular risk factors, such as increased white blood cell counts, vascular cell activation, endothelial dysfunction, and plasmatic risk factors, such as increased plasma viscosity, reduced levels of protein S, increased thrombin generation. The latter include increased age and previous thrombotic events. In addition, common cardiovascular risk factors (smoking, hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obesity) contribute to the pathogenesis of arterial events, whereas circumstantial risk factors (particularly oral contraceptive use and pregnancy/puerperium) to that of venous events. Primary prevention of arterial thrombosis with antiplatelet therapy is warranted in the majority of patients with MPN, whereas primary prevention of venous thrombosis is limited to anticoagulant prophylaxis during high-risk situations. Secondary prevention includes long-term antiplatelet therapy for arterial and short- or long-term anticoagulant therapy for venous thrombosis, depending on the risk factors present at the first event.
Asian venous thromboembolism guidelines: updated recommendations for the prevention of venous thromboembolism.; The Asian venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylaxis guidelines were first published in 2012. Since its first edition, the Asian Venous Thrombosis Forum (AVTF) working group have updated the Asian VTE epidemiology and reviewed issues that were not addressed in the previous guidelines. The authors noted that the rising incidence of VTE across Asia may be attributable to aging population, dietary changes, and increasing incidence of obesity and diabetes. The new additions in the guideline include role of thrombophilia in VTE, bleeding risk in Asians, individual risk assessment, updates in the prevention of VTE in medically ill, bariatric surgery, cancer, orthopedic and trauma patients. The influence of primary thrombophilia in perioperative VTE is still unclear. The secondary risk factors, however, are similar between Asians and Caucasians. The group found no evidence of increased risk of bleeding while using pharmacological agents, including the use of novel anti-coagulants. At present, Caprini risk assessment model is widely used for individual risk assessment. Further validation of this model is needed in Asia. In medically ill patients, pharmacological agents are preferred if there is no bleeding risk. Intermittent pneumatic compression device (IPC) is recommended in patients with bleeding risk but we do not recommend using graduated compressive stockings. In bariatric patients, data on VTE is lacking in Asia. We recommend following current international guidelines. A high index of suspicion should be maintained during postbariatric surgery to detect and promptly treat portomesenteric venous thrombosis. Different cancer types have different thrombotic risks and the types of surgery influence to a large extent the overall VTE risk. Cancer patients should receive further risk assessment. In patients with higher thrombotic risk, either due to predisposing risk or concomitant surgery, low molecular weight heparin is indicated. Different countries appear to have different incidence of VTE following trauma and major orthopedic surgery. We recommend mechanical prophylaxis using IPC as the main method and additional pharmacological prophylaxis if the thrombotic risk is high. As for obstetric practice, we propose adherence to the UK Greentop guideline that is widely accepted and utilized across Asia. To improve VTE thromboprophylaxis implementation in the region, we propose that there should be better health education, establishment of hospital-based guidelines and multidisciplinary collaboration.
[Clinical characteristics and pregnancy outcome of 14 pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease].; Objective: To summarize the clinical characters and pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Methods: A total of 14 pregnant women with pre-existing ASCVD admitted to Beijing Anzhen Hospital from October 2013 to May 2020 were enrolled as subjects, whose ASCVD disease status, clinical manifestations, treatment and pregnancy outcomes were collected and retrospectively analyzed. Results: The age of subjects at diagnosis of ASCVD was (31±7) years old. The main intervention before pregnancy was revascularization (10 cases), and the rest 4 cases were treated with medicine. The age of subjects at pregnancy was (36±5) years old. A total of 12 cases had risk factors of ASCVD. In early stages of pregnancy, there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 with cardiac function level Ⅳ. Abnormal ventricular wall motion and ventricular aneurysm formation were determined in 3 cases by echocardiography, one of which was complicated with moderate left ventricular ejection fraction impairment. Abnormal ST segment in 4 cases and sinus tachycardia in 1 case were found by electrocardiogram. Troponin (TNI) increased in 1 case. The serum low density lipoprotein cholesterol level (LDL-C) of these pregnant women at early stages of pregnancy was (2.3±1.0) mmol/L. A total of 9 pregnant women entered later stages of pregnancy, 1 of whom had chest tightness after slight activity. There were 4 cases with excessive weight gain and 2 cases with insufficient weight gain during pregnancy, and there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 case with mild impaired left heart function. The average level of LDL-C was (2.6±0.6) mmol/L in 5 pregnant women at their later stages of pregnancy. The main treat measures included anti-platelet therapy (aspirin, 75-100 mg/d) and healthy lifestyle interventions. Five pregnant women terminated their pregnancy at the early stage of pregnancy, and 9 full-term pregnant women underwent hysterotomy with intraoperative blood loss of 180-800 ml. Adverse cardiac events occurred in 2 cases and gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 3 cases during pregnancy, among which 2 cases were complicated with chronic hypertension and preeclampsia. The weight of 9 live newborns was (3 102±647) g, among which 2 were smaller than gestational age and 1 was of low birth weight. Conclusions: Women with established ASCVD before preynancy have risk of adverse cardiac events in pregnancy. Strengthening the management of high risk factors in pregnancy is conducive to achieving a good pregnancy outcome.
The Role of circRNA-SETD2/miR-519a/PTEN Axis in Fetal Birth Weight through Regulating Trophoblast Proliferation.; Abnormal birth weight is the one of the major causes of adulthood diseases such as obesity, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension. Accumulating evidence has suggested that the placental trophoblast is one of the most important reasons that influence birth weight. Our previous study showed that miR-519a are correlated with low fetal birth weight through regulating trophoblast proliferation. To further clarify the detailed mechanisms on how it is regulated, we screened the placental-specific circular RNAs (circRNAs) via microarray assay. The result identified that circ-SETD2 was highly expressed in the placenta of the patients with fetal macrosomia compared with healthy donors. Furthermore, bioinformatic analyses and the luciferase reporter assay revealed that miR-519a possessing the binding sites for both circ-SETD2 and phosphate and tensin homolog was deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN). Interestingly, upregulation of circ-SETD2 enhanced the proliferation and invasion of the human trophoblast-like cell line HTR8/SVneo cell. A parallel study performed by Western blotting showed that overexpression of circ-SETD2 reduced miR-519a levels and increased PTEN levels in HTR8/SVneo cells. Importantly, the enhancement of HTR8/SVneo cell activity by circ-SETD2 overexpression was nullified when the cells were cotransfected by circ-SETD2 and miR-519a, suggesting the involvement of the circ-SETD2/miR-519a/PTEN axis in trophoblast activity. Taken together, we illustrate the role of circ-SETD2, as an upstream signaling of miR-519a/PTEN, in placenta development via regulating trophoblast proliferation and invasion. These findings improve our understanding of the mechanisms of progression of fetal macrosomia and will guide future development of therapeutic strategies against the disease by targeting the circ-SETD2/miR-519a/PTEN axis.
Risk Factors for Intracardiac Thrombosis in the Right Atrium and Superior Vena Cava in Critically Ill Neonates who Required the Installation of a Central Venous Catheter.; BACKGROUND: Central venous catheter (CVC) installation is essential for the treatment of critically ill neonates; however, it is associated with the development of neonatal intracardiac thrombosis, which is a complication that is associated with a poor prognosis. We aimed to identify specific risk factors for the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the right atrium (RA) and superior vena cava (SVC) related to the use of CVC in critically ill neonates. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted at the tertiary referral neonatal intensive care unit of the Pediatric Hospital Siglo XXI in Mexico City, Mexico from 2008 to 2013. The included cases (n = 43) were de novo patients with intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC diagnosed by echocardiography. The controls (n = 43) were neonates without intracardiac thrombosis or thrombosis at other sites. A logistic regression analysis was conducted, and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. RESULTS: The independent risk factors for intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC were the surgical cut-down insertion technique (OR = 2.98; 95% CI: 1.18-9.10), a maternal history of gestational diabetes/diabetes mellitus (OR = 10.64; 95% CI: 1.13-121.41), Staphylococcus epidermidis infection (OR = 7.09; 95% CI: 1.09-45.92), and CVC placement in the SVC (OR = 5.77; 95% CI: 1.10-30.18). CONCLUSION: This study allowed us to identify several contributing factors to the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC related to the installation of a CVC in a subgroup of critically ill neonates. Multicenter and well-designed studies with a larger number of patients could help validate our findings and/or identify other risk factors that were not identified in the present study.
Familial and metabolic factors related to blood pressure in Pima Indian children.; High blood pressure, abnormal glucose tolerance, and obesity are frequently associated with each other, but the mechanism of these associations is poorly understood. Studying them in children may help in understanding the pathogenesis of hypertension. Blood pressure, height, weight, and plasma glucose and serum insulin concentrations during a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test were measured in 1,698 Pima Indian children aged 6-17 years who participated in an ongoing epidemiologic study. Weight relative to height was used as an index of obesity. The parents of many of the children were also examined. Fasting and 2-hour glucose and insulin concentrations, adjusted for age, sex, and relative weight, were positively related to systolic blood pressure but not to diastolic blood pressure. Relative weight, 2-hour glucose, and fasting insulin concentrations were independently and significantly associated with systolic blood pressure in a stepwise regression analysis that included age and sex. After parental hypertension was taken into account, maternal but not paternal non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, controlled for the child's relative weight and glucose and insulin concentrations, was significantly associated with higher blood pressure in children. The stronger association with maternal diabetes suggests a greater sharing of environmental factors between mother and child than between father and child, but familial similarities in obesity and glucose and insulin concentrations, the diabetic intrauterine milieu, and shared environmental factors probably all contribute to this association.
Telomere length, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Telomere length is a marker of cumulative damage to the cell, and has been associated with cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. FINDINGS: The association of telomere length with pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was examined in a nested case-control study. Circulating leukocyte telomere length was measured by Quantitative-PCR. Mean and median telomere length among cases and controls was compared, and logistic regression was used to model the outcomes as a function of tertile telomere length, with control for effects of potential confounders. Mean telomere length in pre-eclampsia cases was 0.77 (SD 0.14), in GDM cases was 0.73 (SD 0.10), and in controls was 0.74 (SD 0.14). The adjusted odds ratio comparing the highest tertile to the lowest for pre-eclampsia was 0.92 (0.15-5.46), and for gestational diabetes was 0.65 (0.13-3.34). CONCLUSIONS: Further study is necessary to determine if telomere length is associated with these pregnancy complications.
Effect of maternal ketoacidemia on the pregnant ewe and the fetus.; Poorly controlled diabetic pregnancies are associated with hyperglycemia and elevated ketones. While glucose is known to cross the placenta, there is limited information regarding the placental transfer of ketones and their associated cardiovascular and metabolic effects in the fetus. Thus, the present study was undertaken to evaluate the transfer of the ketoacid beta hydroxybutyrate across the ovine placenta and to determine the effects of this ketoacid on maternal and fetal physiologic and metabolic parameters. Pregnant ewes (110 to 120 days' gestation) were instrumented with catheters in the lateral branch of both uterine arteries, uterine veins, femoral artery, and femoral vein, and electromagnetic flow probes were placed on both middle uterine arteries. Catheters were placed in the fetal carotid artery and jugular vein, and a catheter and balloon were placed in the amniotic fluid. Beta hydroxybutyrate (0.39 mmole/100 ml of uterine blood flow) and antipyrine (00.27 mmole/100 ml of uterine blood flow) as a second reference marker, were infused simultaneously into the uterine arteries for a period of 2 hours. The beta hydroxybutyrate concentrations in the uterine vein increased to 5.93 +/- 1.32 mmoles/L, and were associated with a significant increase in maternal heart rate and a slight but significant reduction in uterine blood flow. No changes in maternal arterial blood gas values were noted. The concentration of beta hydroxybutyrate in the fetal carotid arteries increased from 0.01 +/- 0.01 mmole/l to 0.15 +/- 0.03 mmole/L, and were associated with a significant reduction in fetal PaO2 (24.2 +/- 0.9 to 17.9 +/- 1.9 mm Hg) and an elevation of fetal lactate levels (1.86 +/- 0.17 to 5.07 +/- 1.56 mmoles/L).
Secular trends in pregnancy weight gain in German women and their influences on foetal outcome: a hospital-based study.; BACKGROUND: Increasing rates of overweight have been reported. In Germany, women of childbearing age are especially affected. Those women are at increased risks of several peri- and postnatal complications. The purpose of this study was to carry out Germany's first study in terms of secular trends of overweight and weight gain during pregnancy related to foetal clinical outcomes (birth weight, Apgar score and umbilical blood pH). METHODS: A database maintained by a large regional university hospital in Cologne, Germany was used to evaluate clinical routine data from 1996 to 2012. 11771 women (23.5 ± 5.4 years; 18-48 years), who gave birth to a live singleton child (>2000 gram) were included. Recommended weight gain during pregnancy was based on IOM guidelines: Total weight gain range for underweight (initial BMI < 18.5 kg/m2) is 12.5-18 kg/ 28-40 lbs respectively, for normal-weight (initial BMI 18.5 -24.9 kg/m2) is 11.5-16 kg/ 25-35 lbs respectively, for overweight (initial BMI 25.0-29.9 kg/m2) is 7-11.5 kg/ 15-25 lbs respectively and for obese (initial BMI ≥ 30.0 kg/m2) is 5-9 kg/ 11-20 lbs respectively.A one-way variance analysis was employed to test for differences in particular factors in various groups. Multiple linear regression analysis was used to model impact factors. RESULTS: Over the second analysed period (2005-2012), the number of women with high weight gain increased from 33.8% to 42.9% (p <0.001). 54.5% overweight and 57.7% obese women were affected (p <0.001). Women with high weight gain were 54.5% significantly more likely to give birth to an infant ≥ 4000 grams than women with normal (31.7%) or low weight gain (13.8%, p < 0.001). Women with normal weight gain had significantly better foetal outcomes in terms of the Apgar score at 5 min and umbilical cord blood pH. CONCLUSION: These data confirm an increase in maternal weight gain before and during pregnancy. An excessive weight gain is accompanied by macrosomia, lower Apgar scores and pH-value. Women should therefore be advised about the risks of obesity before and during pregnancy as well as excessive maternal weight gain during pregnancy.
Prenatal thrombosis of the inferior vena cava and the renal veins.; OBJECTIVE: This manuscript discusses the clinical presentation, diagnosis, pathophysiology and possible etiologies of prenatal thrombosis of the inferior vena cava and renal veins. METHODS: Eleven cases were identified through a Medline search of the English literature. These cases were reviewed, together with a recent case that was treated in our medical center. RESULTS: Fetal thrombosis in the aforementioned vessels, presented as hydrops fetalis (33%), acute fetal distress (42%), or as an incidental prenatal ultrasound finding (25%). Underlying maternal conditions were present in 58%, and included chronic conditions (hypertension and diabetes mellitus), acute conditions (pyelonephritis and preeclampsia) and thrombophilia. In 42% cases, the prenatal ultrasound scan revealed an enlarged and hyper-echogenic affected kidney. CONCLUSION: Intrauterine fetal venous thrombosis is a rare phenomenon, probably attributed to a multifactorial process. These factors may include inherited thrombophilia as well as prothrombotic clinical conditions.
Plant-based snacking: research and practical applications of pistachios for health benefits.; Pistachio nuts are a nutrient-dense source of good quality plant protein, commonly consumed as a minimally processed snack food or ingredient. The present paper is based on a symposium held during the 13th FENS (Federation of European Nutrition Societies) 2019 conference in Dublin that explored recent research and practical applications of pistachios as a plant-based snack, in particular, for appetite control and healthy weight management; and for glycaemic control during pregnancy. Individual nut types, whilst similar in nutritional composition, have unique characteristics which may have a significant impact on potential health effects. Recognising this, the further purpose here is to explore future research needs for pistachios, based on work completed to date and the discussion that ensued among researchers at this event, in order to advance the full scope of health benefits from pistachios, in particular, taking into account of both sustainability and nutritional health.
Heart failure in cardiomyopathies: a position paper from the Heart Failure Association of the European Society of Cardiology.; Cardiomyopathies are a heterogeneous group of heart muscle diseases and an important cause of heart failure (HF). Current knowledge on incidence, pathophysiology and natural history of HF in cardiomyopathies is limited, and distinct features of their therapeutic responses have not been systematically addressed. Therefore, this position paper focuses on epidemiology, pathophysiology, natural history and latest developments in treatment of HF in patients with dilated (DCM), hypertrophic (HCM) and restrictive (RCM) cardiomyopathies. In DCM, HF with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) has high incidence and prevalence and represents the most frequent cause of death, despite improvements in treatment. In addition, advanced HF in DCM is one of the leading indications for heart transplantation. In HCM, HF with preserved ejection (HFpEF) affects most patients with obstructive, and ∼10% of patients with non-obstructive HCM. A timely treatment is important, since development of advanced HF, although rare in HCM, portends a poor prognosis. In RCM, HFpEF is common, while HFrEF occurs later and more frequently in amyloidosis or iron overload/haemochromatosis. Irrespective of RCM aetiology, HF is a harbinger of a poor outcome. Recent advances in our understanding of the mechanisms underlying the development of HF in cardiomyopathies have significant implications for therapeutic decision-making. In addition, new aetiology-specific treatment options (e.g. enzyme replacement therapy, transthyretin stabilizers, immunoadsorption, immunotherapy, etc.) have shown a potential to improve outcomes. Still, causative therapies of many cardiomyopathies are lacking, highlighting the need for the development of effective strategies to prevent and treat HF in cardiomyopathies.
'The obesity paradox': a reconsideration of obesity and the risk of preterm birth.; OBJECTIVE: The association between obesity and spontaneous preterm births (sPTBs) has been shown to be influenced by obesity-attendant comorbidities. Our objective was to better understand the complex relationship of obesity and its attendant comorbidities with sPTBs. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective analysis utilizing maternally linked hospital and birth certificate records of 2 049 196 singleton California deliveries from 2007 to 2011. Adjusted relative risks (aRRs) for sPTBs were estimated using multivariate Poisson regression modeling. RESULTS: Obese women had higher aRRs for sPTBs than their normal body mass index (BMI) controls. aRRs (95% confidence interval) increased with increasing BMI category: Obese I=1.10 (1.08 to 1.12); Obese II=1.15 (1.12 to 1.18); and Obese III=1.26 (1.22 to 1.30). When comparing only obese women without comorbidities to their normal BMI controls, aRRs reversed, that is, obese women had lower aRRs of sPTBs: Obese I=0.96 (0.94 to 0.98), Obese II=0.95 (0.91 to 0.98); and Obese III=0.98 (0.94 to 1.03). This same reversal of aRR direction was also observed among women with comorbidities: 0.92 (0.89 to 0.96); 0.89 (0.85 to 0.93); and 0.89 (0.85 to 0.93), respectively. Increasing BMI increased the aRRs for sPTBs among patients with gestational diabetes (P<0.05), while decreasing the risk among patients with chronic hypertension and pregnancy-related hypertensive disease (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The obesity and preterm birth paradox is an example of what has been described as 'Simpson's Paradox'. Unmeasured confounding factors mediated by comorbidities may explain the observed protective effect of obesity upon conditioning on the presence or absence of comorbidities and thus resolve the paradox.
The Association between Infant Birth Weight, Head Circumference, and Neurodevelopmental Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether being small for gestational age (SGA) or large for gestational age (LGA) or having a small or large head circumference (HC) at birth is associated with adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a multicenter negative randomized trial of thyroxine therapy for subclinical hypothyroid disorders in pregnancy. The primary outcome was child intelligence quotient (IQ) at 5 years of age. Secondary outcomes included several neurodevelopmental measures. Associations between the outcomes in children with SGA (<10th percentile) or LGA (>90th percentile) birth weights, using ethnicity- and sex-specific population nomogram as well as nomograms from the National Fetal Growth (NFG) study, were compared with the referent of those with appropriate for gestational age (AGA) birth weight. Similar analyses were performed for HC. RESULTS: Using the population nomogram, 90 (8.2%) were SGA and 112 (10.2%) were LGA. SGA neonates were more likely to be born preterm to mothers who were younger, smoked, and were less likely to have less than a high school education, whereas LGA neonates were more likely to be born to mothers who were older and have higher body mass index, compared with AGA neonates. SGA at birth was associated with a decrease in the child IQ at 5 years of age by 3.34 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.54-6.14) points, and an increase in odds of child with an IQ < 85 (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1-3.2). There was no association between SGA and other secondary outcomes, or between LGA and the primary or secondary outcomes. Using the NFG standards, SGA at birth remained associated with a decrease in the child IQ at 5 years of age by 3.14 (95% CI, 0.22-6.05) points and higher odds of an IQ < 85 (aOR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.3-4.1), but none of the other secondary outcomes. HC was not associated with the primary outcome, and there were no consistent associations of these standards with the secondary outcomes. CONCLUSION: In this cohort of pregnant individuals with hypothyroid disorders, SGA birth weight was associated with a decrease in child IQ and greater odds of child IQ < 85 at 5 years of age. Using a fetal growth standard did not appear to improve the detection of newborns at risk of adverse neurodevelopment.
The risk factors and incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome in women with previous gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects nearly 5% of pregnancies. Significant proportion of the women with previous GDM develops type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the next years, which indicates a higher risk in them than in the general population. OBJECTIVES: We conducted this study to determine the risk factors and incidence of abnormal glucose level and metabolic syndrome (MetS) in women with a history of GDM in a long period after delivery in our region. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We extracted the demographic characteristics of 110 women with GDM who had delivered during 2004 - 2010 in three main hospitals of Zanjan City, Iran. The patients were recalled to perform oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and other necessary tests for MetS diagnosis. Anthropometric measurements were recorded of all the participants. RESULTS: In this study, 110 women with a history of GDM were studied at one to six years since delivery. Among these women, 36 (32.7%) developed T2DM and 11 (10%) had impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Moreover, 22 women (20%) had developed MetS. among those with abnormal results in glycemic test, 93.6% had fasting blood sugar (FBS) ≥ 95 mg/dL (≥ 5.27 mmol/L)at the time of GDM diagnosis in the index pregnancy that was significantly higher than the normal glycemic test (NGT) group with 42.9% being affected (OR, 19.55; P < 0.0001). There was a significant difference between those with abnormal results and NGT group in interval between delivery and performing laboratory tests (27 ± 18.8 and 18.5 ± 17.7 months, respectively; OR, 1.02; P = 0.02). No insulin use during pregnancy was discovered as a protective factor in women with a history of GDM (OR, 0.35; P = 0.01). Those with abnormal results were significantly different from NGT group in the number of parities (2.61 ± 1.4 vs. 2.05 ± 1.1, respectively; OR, 1.4; P = 0.03). The most common component of MetS among women with a history of GDM was FBS > 100 mg/dL (> 5.55 mmol/L). CONCLUSIONS: Regarding the high incidence of the T2DM and MetS among women with a history of GDM, they should be screened at a regular interval for diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors.
Influence of gender on heart failure among hospitalised Nigerian patients.; BACKGROUND: Heart failure is a global phenomenon with poor morbi-mortality statistics. Though data abound in the developed nations, they are just becoming available here. There is a perceived neglect of heart failure epidemiology as it affects women; which is getting some attention in the advanced nations. This work attempts to see how gender impacts on heart failure in our environment and to provide insight on how any peculiarities could be approached. METHOD: As part of a larger study on relationship between 6 minute walk test and left ventricular systolic function in heart failure patients in our centre (July 2012 to June 2013), we dichotomized the cases along the line of gender. This was to see what differences may be related to the genders. All patients had history, physical examination and investigations including echocardiography which formed the bases for comparison. RESULTS: There were 140 patients, 85 (60.7%) of whom were females. Mean age was 48.2 (14.5) years; but males were significantly older [53.8 (12.6) Vs 44.6 (14.6)]. Heart failure under 45 years affected women more. More males drank and smoked. While diabetes was more common in males, more females had hypertension and rheumatic heart disease as aetiologies. Females tended to be more symptomatic but the difference did not attain statistical significance. Renal function tended to be worse in males. CONCLUSION: Women tend to go into heart failure earlier than men in our environment and had more hypertension and rheumatic heart disease as causes. Renal function was worse in males given a greater constellation of cardiovascular disease risk factors namely alcohol use, smoking and diabetes. More effort should go into preventing rheumatic heart disease and hypertension which result in heart failure in women. Obstetric encounters for cerebrovascular disease evaluation should be taken more seriously since these conditions are likely to result in failure related to pregnancy and child-birth.
Clinical characteristics of pregnancies complicated by intrapartum fetal asphyxia.; The clinical characteristics of 124 pregnancies complicated by intrapartum fetal asphyxia have been reviewed. The evidence of fetal asphyxia tends to appear earlier in patients with maternal medical and obstetric complications than in those with labor complications. Evidence of clinical fetal distress was present in 36 per cent and was not related to the severity of the asphyxia. Low Apgar scores occurred in 40 per cent of infants with moderate asphyxia and in 80 per cent of infants with severe asphyxia at delivery. In the newborn infants, clinical evidence of cerebral abnormality was observed in 3 per cent, and evidence of the respiratory distress syndrome was seen in 3 per cent of the study group.
Update on specificities of stroke in women.; The majority of strokes occur in women who in crude numbers have poorer outcome including higher mortality from stroke than men. This may, however, to a large degree be explained by the preponderance of women in the older age groups. Nevertheless, incidence of stroke is higher in men than in women. Overall rates of stroke decline, but more in men than in women; consequently the excess number of strokes in women will be on the rise in the years to come. Risk factors differ between men and women: e.g. rates of atrial fibrillation and hypertension are higher in women with stroke, while rates of e.g. smoking or high alcohol consumption are higher in men, while some risk factors including diabetes or smoking carries a higher risk in women than in men. Especially older women are less well represented in many trials, which reduces the generalizability of results to this from a stroke perspective extremely important population, however, in areas of treatment where sufficient data is available, e.g. i.v. thrombolysis or mechanical thrombectomy the benefit is equal between sexes and may even be higher in women due to their longer life expectancy. Access to care varies between regions depending both on cultural factors and the overall access to care; in especially lower income countries though data is very scarce the impression is that women's access to care is restricted in comparison to men. Specific female risk factors including pregnancy or sex hormone therapy are rare causes of stroke especially in high-income countries, however these stroke events occur early in life and have massive effect of individual families. Evidence on stroke care in these events is extremely limited and more data, also including prospective generalizable observational data is urgently needed to guide clinicians. Further more specific data on women and stroke is needed to identify if gender in some instances should guide treatment and care.
Effect of metformin on reducing platelet dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus: a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effect of metformin in improving platelet dysfunction in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). PATIENTS AND METHODS: A randomized controlled trial was conducted on pregnant women diagnosed with GDM. Singleton low-risk pregnancies meeting the inclusion criteria were randomly allocated at 27-31 weeks to receive metformin and placebo through the rest of pregnancy. Thirty-seven and 39 cases were recruited into the metformin group and the placebo group, respectively. MPVs, P-selectin, and 8-isoprostane levels were determined at the time of allocation and 6 weeks after treatment. Obstetric and neonatal outcomes were also assessed. RESULTS: Most baseline characteristics of the two groups were comparable. The levels of P-selectin after 6 weeks of treatment were significantly higher in the metformin group (68.9 ± 14.4 vs 60.6 ± 11.3; P-value = 0.006), indicating more platelet activation. All of the obstetric and neonatal outcomes were comparable except that birth weight was significantly lower in the metformin group (3018 ± 364 g vs 3204 ± 393 g; P-value = 0.037). CONCLUSION: Metformin, in addition to diet and lifestyle modifications, does not improve or worsen oxidative stress and platelet dysfunction in women with GDM. Nevertheless, metformin significantly reduces fetal weight in women with GDM, theoretically preventing macrosomia.
Occupational stress and pregnancy-related hypertension and diabetes: Results from a nationwide prospective cohort.; OBJECTIVES: Using a large, national, prospective cohort, while adjusting for other work exposures, this study aims to investigate whether exposure to occupational stress during pregnancy is associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes. METHODS: Our cohort consisted of 1 102 230 singleton births between 1994-2014 in Sweden, based on high-quality register data of Swedish pregnancies. Exposure to occupational stress was obtained from a job exposure matrix (JEM) constructed from 12 questions pertaining to the psychosocial work environment from the 1997-2013 cycles of Swedish Work Environment Survey, including approximately 75 000 individuals. We utilized the decision authority, demands, and social support indices. Decision authority and demands were combined to categorize occupations into low, active, passive, and high strain work. We estimated relative risks (RR) and adjusted for relevant confounders, such as age, smoking and other work exposures. RESULTS: Occupations with lower levels of decision authority were associated with increased risks of 12-23% for HDP and preeclampsia and 36-58% for gestational diabetes compared to occupations with the highest levels of decision authority. Passive occupations had increased risks of 10% for HDP and preeclampsia and 15% for gestational diabetes when compared to low strain jobs. No significant associations were found for high strain occupations. CONCLUSIONS: As a whole, occupational stress was not consistently associated with pregnancy outcomes in our study. However, decision authority was associated with an increased risk for pregnancy-related complications. Further studies should investigate whether improvements in working conditions can help decrease these risks.
Clinical interpretation of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein concentrations.; Concentrations of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein provide the basis for decisions to proceed to ultrasonography and amniocentesis in the multistaged screening/diagnostic process used for the prenatal detection of open neural tube defects, abdominal wall defects, and twins. The concentration of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein at or above which women should be advised that amniocentesis is available (cutoff levels for amniocentesis) varies, depending upon a number of factors, such as maternal weight, race, residence, and gestational age. We briefly describe a methodology for computing the predicted risks of fetal conditions associated with a given concentration of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein adjusted for important variables. This adjustment methodology provides a straightforward means for clinical laboratories to report results of assays of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein in terms of predicted risks, to facilitate understanding by the physician and patient of the clinical meaning of the results of maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein testing.
Plasma Ceramide Concentrations in Full-Term Pregnancies Complicated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study.; Ceramides, a sphingolipid group that acts as a messenger in cellular differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis and senescence, have been associated with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The evidence for an association between ceramides and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is scarce. This case-control study aimed to compare women with GDM with healthy, pregnant women in terms of plasma ceramide concentrations at the time of delivery. Ninety-two pregnant women were included in this case-control study, 29 in the GDM group and 63 in the control group. All women were admitted to a tertiary academic hospital for a full-term delivery. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) was applied for the quantification of four molecular ceramides, namely Cer d18:1/16:0 (Cer16:0), Cer d18:1/18:0 (Cer18:0), Cer d18:1/24:0 (Cer24:0) and Cer d18:1/24:1 (Cer24:1) in plasma samples. The raw chromatographic data obtained from the LC-MS/MS analysis were processed using Analyst SCIEX (AB Sciex Pte. Ltd., USA). In a univariate statistical analysis, Cer24:0 concentration was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control group (p = 0.01). The present study demonstrated lower Cer24:0 concentrations in pregnancies complicated by GDM. Further prospective studies are required to enhance the results of this study.
Maternal serum heat-stable alkaline phosphatase. In normal and high-risk pregnancies.; To evaluate its specificity as an indicator of placental function or fetal status, maternal serum heat-stable alkaline phosphatase (HSAP) was measured serially in 76 normal and 161 high-risk pregnancies (1272 determinations). The previously reported curvilinear HSAP rise starting at about 28 gestational weeks was noted. No relation was seen between HSAP levels and milk or moderate hypertension, gestational diabetes, nontoxemic placental insufficiency, or maternal blood group. HSAP levels were mostly above normal in proteinuric hypertension and were low normal in pregnant insulin-dependent diabetics. Two neonatal deaths were associated with normal HSAP levels. Of 4 intrauterine deaths, 1 was associated with high, 1 with low, and 2 with rising values in the normal range. Serial maternal HSAP values are apparently not a specific indicator of placental function or fetal status.
Sex and stroke risk factors: A review of differences and impact.; OBJECTIVES: There is an increase in stroke incidence risk over the lifetime of women, given their longer life expectancy. However, an alarming trend for sex disparities, particularly in certain stroke risk factors, shows a concerning need for focus on sex differences in stroke prevention and treatment for women. In this article, we are addressing sex differences in both traditional and sex-specific stroke risk factors. METHODS: We searched PubMed from inception to December 2022 for articles related to sex differences and risk factors for stroke. We reviewed full-text articles for relevance and ultimately included 152 articles for this focused review. RESULTS: Women are at increased risk for stroke from both traditional and non-traditional stroke risk factors. As women age, they have a higher disease burden of atrial fibrillation, increased risk of stroke related to diabetes, worsening lipid profiles, and higher prevalence of hypertension and obesity compared to men. Further, women carry sex hormone-specific risk factors for stroke, including the age of menarche, menopause, pregnancy, and its complications, as well as hormonal therapy. Men have a higher prevalence of tobacco use and atrial fibrillation, as well as an increased risk for stroke related to hyperlipidemia. Additionally, men have sex-specific risks related to low testosterone levels. CONCLUSIONS: By identifying biological sex-specific risk factors for stroke, developing robust collaborations, researching, and applying the knowledge for risk reduction strategies, we can begin to tailor prevention and reduce the global burden of stroke morbidity and mortality.
Association of Pregnancy Complications and Characteristics With Future Risk of Elevated Blood Pressure: The Västerbotten Intervention Program.; Pregnancy characteristics are associated with risk of cardiovascular diseases, but their independent associations with hypertension or blood pressure (BP) levels remain uncertain. We linked the Swedish Medical Birth Register with Västerbotten Intervention Program data (Northern Sweden). Using linear and logistic regression, we related pregnancy factors in any prior pregnancy with BP and hypertension at 40 years of age in 15 896 parous women free of prepregnancy hypertension. Pregnancy factors included parity, age at first delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, placental abruption, shortest gestational age small for gestational age baby (<third percentile for birth weight) or stillbirth. We defined hypertension as systolic BP ≥140 mm Hg and diastolic BP ≥90 mm Hg or antihypertensive use. Multivariable models were adjusted for all pregnancy factors and potential lifestyle and sociodemographic confounders. At 40 years of age, 1535 women (9.6%) had hypertension. In multivariable models, lower parity, younger age at first birth, preeclampsia, small for gestational age, and placental abruption were independently associated with higher systolic and diastolic BP levels at 40 years of age. Younger age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational age <32 versus ≥37 weeks, and small for gestational age were independently associated with hypertension. Our findings raise the possibility that earlier and more frequent BP screening may be desirable in women with these pregnancy characteristics.
Sex-specific risk factors for early-onset ischaemic stroke.; The aim of this study is to investigate sex-specific risk factors for early-onset ischaemic stroke (men <55 and women <65 years old) in the Chinese population. We included 1,270 participants with their first early-onset ischaemic stroke after the baseline survey and 5,080 age-matched (±2 years) and sex-matched participants, which was an ongoing prospective cohort study conducted in the Kailuan community in Tanshan City, China. A conditional multivariate logistic regression model (backward) was used to analyse the sex-specific risk factors for early-onset ischaemic stroke. The effects of the risk factors were assessed by calculating standardized regression coefficients. The modifying effect of sex was explored using multiplicative interaction terms of sex with each of the risk factors, and sex-specific risk factors were identified by stratifying the main regression analysis by sex. There were 1,270 early-onset ischaemic strokes, 71% occurred in men and 29% in women. The control group included 5,080 participants. The top three risk factors for early-onset ischaemic stroke were hypertension (beta = .21), diabetes mellitus (beta = .21) and adverse pregnancy outcomes (beta = .14) in women and hypertension (beta = .26), increased hs-CRP (beta = .14) and diabetes mellitus (beta = .09) in men. There were significant interactions of sex with diabetes mellitus and systolic blood pressure (SBP). The effect of diabetes on early-onset ischaemic stroke was stronger in women (odds ratio [OR] = 2.69) than in men (OR = 1.61), but the effect weakened with each standard deviation increase in SBP (OR: 1.30 vs. 1.68). Our study found that the effects of risk factors for early-onset ischaemic stroke, especially diabetes mellitus and SBP, varied by sex.
The 1988 report of the Joint National Committee on Detection, Evaluation, and Treatment of High Blood Pressure.; The National High Blood Pressure Education Program has released three Joint National Committee reports and a task force report on the detection, evaluation, and treatment of high blood pressure. Like its predecessors, the 1988 Joint National Committee report was developed using the consensus process; it is based on the latest scientific research and reflects the state of the art regarding hypertension management. This report updates findings of previous reports in several respects: it broadens the step-care approach to provide more flexibility for clinicians; encourages greater patient involvement in the treatment program; emphasizes a consideration of the quality of life in the management of patients; and addresses the cost of care. It also provides more emphasis on control of other risk factors for cardiovascular disease; includes a discussion of the new cholesterol guidelines; recommends a reduction in alcohol consumption; and discusses the use of calcium and fish oil supplementation. This document expands earlier reports on special populations, including blacks and other racial and ethnic minority groups, young and elderly patients, pregnant patients, surgical candidates, and hypertensive patients with cerebrovascular disease, coronary artery disease, left ventricular hypertrophy, congestive heart failure, peripheral vascular disease, renal disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or bronchial asthma, gout, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia. The report also updates previous drug tables to include new drugs, revised recommended doses of some drugs, and drug interactions. Consideration of step-down therapy after blood pressure has been controlled is suggested. This report is intended as a guide for practicing physicians and other health professionals in their care of hypertensive patients and as a reference for those participating in the many community high blood pressure control programs throughout the country.
The reporting of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy on birth certificates and in hospital discharge data.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine the accuracy of live-birth certificates and hospital discharge data that reported of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a population-based validation study in 19 non-federal short-stay hospitals in Washington state with a stratified random sample of 4541 women who had live births between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2000. True- and false-positive fractions were calculated. RESULTS: Birth certificate and hospital discharge data combined had substantially higher true-positive fractions than did birth certificate data alone for cardiac disease (54% vs 29%), acute or chronic lung disease (24% vs 10%), gestational diabetes mellitus (93% vs 64%), established diabetes mellitus (97% vs 52%), active genital herpes (77% vs 38%), chronic hypertension (70% vs 47%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (74% vs 49%), renal disease (13% vs 2%), and placenta previa (70% vs 33%). For the 2 medical risk factors that are available only on birth certificates, true-positive fractions were 37% for established genital herpes and 68% for being seropositive for hepatitis B surface antigen. CONCLUSION: In Washington, most medical conditions and complications of pregnancy that affect mothers are substantially underreported on birth certificates, but hospital discharge data are accurate in the reporting of gestational and established diabetes mellitus and placenta previa. Together, birth certificate and hospital discharge data are much superior to birth certificates alone in the reporting of gestational diabetes mellitus, active genital herpes, and chronic hypertension.
A case report of aorto-pulmonary window in an infant born to a diabetic mother.; Several studies have described the association between pre-gestational maternal diabetes and cardiac disease in the newborn. Infants of diabetic mothers have an increased incidence of congenital heart disease, reported between 3% and 6% compared to 0.8% of the general population. A particularly high prevalence of conotruncal defects has been recently described among congenital heart diseases. This group of malformations affects ventricular outflows, aorta, and pulmonary artery and shares a common embryogenic origin. They include persistence of the truncus arteriosus, transposition of great arteries, tetralogy of Fallot, interruption of the aortic arch, and double outlet right ventricle. Aorto-pulmonary window, a rare congenital heart disease belonging to conotruncal malformations, has never been previously described in association with maternal diabetes. We describe the case of a male infant born to a mother suffering from a poorly controlled type 1 diabetes during pregnancy. In the early postnatal life the infant showed respiratory distress, tachycardia, and failure to thrive. He was found to be affected by aorto-pulmonary window that required corrective surgical intervention. <Learning objective: This case report warns us to consider this congenital abnormality as a possible finding in infants born to a diabetic mother. Furthermore, it shows how difficult the echocardiographic diagnosis of aorto-pulmonary windows can be.>.
Dose-response association between dietary patterns and gestational diabetes mellitus risk: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.; Although dietary factors are relevant modifiable risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the exact association between dietary patterns and GDM remains controversial. Therefore, a systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies were conducted to summarize the association between dietary patterns and risk of GDM. PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, and EMbase databases were systematically searched for publications up to March 10, 2020. All observational studies which assessed the risk of GDM according to the categories of healthy or unhealthy dietary patterns derived by either a priori or a posteriori methods were eligible to be included. Pooled effect sizes for the highest vs. lowest categories of healthy/unhealthy dietary patterns were calculated using the random-effects model. Linear and nonlinear dose-response analyses were performed to determine dose-response associations. Thirty-one studies were included, of which 26 studies (80,849 participants) assessed healthy dietary pattern and 15 studies (32,965 participants) assessed the unhealthy dietary pattern. Individuals with a higher adherence to the healthy dietary pattern were less likely to be affected by GDM (RR = 0.86; 95% CI: 0.76-0.96; I (2) = 56.2%). There was a marginally significant association between unhealthy dietary patterns and GDM risk (RR = 1.28; 95% CI: 0.99-1.67; I (2) = 74.7). Significant linear associations were observed between healthy (p = .011) and unhealthy (p = .009) dietary patterns and GDM risk. Pregnant women with a healthier dietary pattern (a diet rich in fruits, vegetables, and whole grains) had lower risk for GDM. In contrast, higher adherence to an unhealthy dietary pattern was associated with increased risk of GDM. Further longitudinal studies are needed to confirm the results.
Plasma cell membrane glycoprotein 1 (PC-1): a marker of insulin resistance in obesity, uremia and diabetes mellitus.; Insulin resistance is a characteristic feature of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, but it is also present in up to 25% of healthy nonobese individuals. The molecular mechanisms causing insulin resistance are not yet fully understood. Recently, overexpression of several potential inhibitors of the insulin receptor tyrosine-kinase activity, a key step in insulin signaling, has been described in insulin-resistant subjects . PC-1 is expressed in many tissues and inhibits insulin signaling either at the level of the insulin receptor or downstream at a postreceptor site. An elevated PC-1 content in insulin target tissues may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. A polymorphism in PC-1 has been demonstrated to be associated with insulin resistance. This was a DNA polymorphism in exon 4 that causes an amino acid change from lysine to glutamine at codon 121 (K121Q). PC-1 121Q allele might predispose independently of other well established risk factors for early myocardial infarction. Testing for the PC-1 K121Q polymorphism might be valuable in patients with a family history of atherosclerotic vascular disease and myocardial infarction. There is growing evidence that genetic factors play an important role in the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN). Efforts to identify these factors rely primarily on the candidate gene approach; candidate genes for insulin resistance may be considered candidates for DN as well. In a stratified analysis according to duration of diabetes, the risk of early-onset end-stage renal disease (ESRD) for carriers of the Q variant was 2.3 times that for noncarriers. The cellular mechanisms for the insulin resistance of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are unknown. Women with GDM have an increased PC-1 content and excessive phosphorylation of serine/threonine residues in muscle insulin receptors. The postreceptor defects in insulin signaling may contribute to the pathogenesis of GDM and the increased risk for type 2 diabetes later in life. Although widely explored, the true cause of insulin resistance in uremic patients is not entirely elucidated yet. During the last decade it was found that erythropoietin (EPO) therapy, used for correction of anemia in patients with end stage renal failure, ameliorates insulin resistance. An increased lymphocyte PC-1 activity over control was found in hemodialysis patients. A two-month EPO therapy significantly decreased PC-1 activity to the control values, suggesting that an effect on PC-1 expression could be implicated in the amelioration of insulin resistance in uremic patients treated with EPO. Current investigations implicate that therapeutic modification of PC-1 expression would be of great benefit for insulin-resistant type 2 diabetics. Metformin, a biguanide oral antidiabetic agent, was shown to affect insulin resistance by decreasing enzymatic activity of overexpressed PC-1 molecules in obese type 2 diabetics. Thiazolidinedione (TZD) insulin-sensitizing drugs are a class of compounds that improve insulin action in vivo. Treatment of patients with TZDs seems to have a beneficial effect on most, if not all, components of metabolic syndrome. TZDs have also been used in the treatment of nondiabetic human insulin-resistant states, and have demonstrated an improvement in insulin sensitivity. Although much remains to be learned about PPAR gamma receptor and TZD action, the advent of TZD insulin-sensitizing agents has an enormous impact on our understanding of insulin resistance. The great potential of insulin resistance therapy illuminated by the TZDs will continue to catalyze research in this area directed toward the discovery of new insulin-sensitizing agents that work through other mechanisms.
Comparisons of the oxidative stress biomarkers levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-GDM among Thai population: cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: The primary objective of this study was to compare the levels of oxidative stress biomarkers between pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and normoglycemic pregnancies. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A prospective study was conducted on pregnant women at average risk for GDM. The participants were screened for GDM with glucose challenge test and confirmed by 100 g, 3-h oral glucose tolerance test and categorized into the control (non-GDM) and GDM groups. Maternal blood was collected from all participants at gestational age (GA) 24-28 weeks and early labor and fetal cord blood was collected for measurements of 8 Isoprostane (8Isop) (oxidative stress marker), TNF-α (inflammatory marker) and IL-10 (anti-inflammatory marker) and were followed up for maternal and neonatal outcomes. RESULT: A total of 62 women, 30 in GDM and 32 in control group, met the inclusion criteria. At 24-28 weeks of gestation, maternal serum 8Isop and TNF-α levels were significantly higher in GDM group (P = 0.032 and P = 0.047), in spite of good glycemic control. At early labor, maternal 8Isop levels were significantly higher in GDM (P = 0.001). The biomarkers in the cord blood as well as maternal and neonatal outcomes in both groups were not significantly different. CONCLUSION: GDM is significantly associated with inflammatory process when compared to normal pregnancy, as indicated by higher oxidative stress and apoptosis markers. However, such levels were not correlated with the pregnancy outcomes. An increase in oxidative stress could not be prevented by good glycemic control. Cord blood biomarker levels in pregnancy with GDM were not changed, suggesting that the placenta could be the barrier for the oxidative stress and cytokines.
Inference of Causal Relationships Between Genetic Risk Factors for Cardiometabolic Phenotypes and Female-Specific Health Conditions.; Background Cardiometabolic diseases are highly comorbid, but their relationship with female-specific or overwhelmingly female-predominant health conditions (breast cancer, endometriosis, pregnancy complications) is understudied. This study aimed to estimate the cross-trait genetic overlap and influence of genetic burden of cardiometabolic traits on health conditions unique to women. Methods and Results Using electronic health record data from 71 008 ancestrally diverse women, we examined relationships between 23 obstetrical/gynecological conditions and 4 cardiometabolic phenotypes (body mass index, coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension) by performing 4 analyses: (1) cross-trait genetic correlation analyses to compare genetic architecture, (2) polygenic risk score-based association tests to characterize shared genetic effects on disease risk, (3) Mendelian randomization for significant associations to assess cross-trait causal relationships, and (4) chronology analyses to visualize the timeline of events unique to groups of women with high and low genetic burden for cardiometabolic traits and highlight the disease prevalence in risk groups by age. We observed 27 significant associations between cardiometabolic polygenic scores and obstetrical/gynecological conditions (body mass index and endometrial cancer, body mass index and polycystic ovarian syndrome, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome). Mendelian randomization analysis provided additional evidence of independent causal effects. We also identified an inverse association between coronary artery disease and breast cancer. High cardiometabolic polygenic scores were associated with early development of polycystic ovarian syndrome and gestational hypertension. Conclusions We conclude that polygenic susceptibility to cardiometabolic traits is associated with elevated risk of certain female-specific health conditions.
Gender-specific health care in diabetes mellitus.; This article reviews information on health care issues of specific clinical relevance for women with diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus), high-lighting several topics that require careful attention by the physician and the diabetes management team. Type 2 diabetes is more prevalent among women than men, making prevention and early detection particularly important in the treatment of women. Major areas of health care concern for women with diabetes include cardiovascular disease, mental health, infections, and contraception and fertility. Knowledge of lifespan issues from adolescence through menopause is crucial to the management of women with diabetes.
Investigating a New Way to Assess Metabolic Risk in Pregnant Females with Prior RYGB Surgery.; BACKGROUND: Obesity in pregnancy is linked to adverse clinical outcomes such as gestational diabetes. Recently, a risk score calculated by different ceramide concentrations was recognized as a new way to investigate cardiovascular risk. The aim was to analyze if the ceramide risk score and cardiometabolic risk vary between normal-weight, obese, and females with prior Roux-en-Y bypass surgery (RYGB) during pregnancy. METHODS: Three cohorts were investigated: first, 25 pregnant females with a history of RYGB; second, 19 with preconception BMI ≥ 35 kg/m(2); and third, 19 normal-weight (preconception BMI < 25 kg/m(2)). Around the 24th to 28th weeks of gestation routine laboratory assessments, 3 h 75 g oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests were carried out. The correlation of ceramide risk scores and ceramide ratios (Cer(d18:1/18:0)/Cer(d18:1/16:0)) with metabolic parameters was analyzed via Pearson correlation. The cohorts were compared via ANOVA and unpaired t-tests. RESULTS: The RYGB cohort had lower ceramide risk scores and ratios compared to obese pregnant females (7.42 vs. 9.34, p = 0.025; 0.33 vs. 0.47, p < 0.001). Ceramide risk score and ratio were found to correlate negatively with insulin sensitivity (measured with the Matsuda (r = -0.376, p = 0.031; r = -0.455, p = 0.008) and calculated sensitivity index (r = -0.358, p = 0.044; r = -0.621, p < 0.001) in females without RYGB. The ceramide risk score correlated positively with body fat in RYGB females (r = 0.650, p = 0.012). CONCLUSIONS: We found that females after RYGB have lower ceramide risk scores and ceramide ratios compared to obese pregnant females, possibly indicating lower metabolic risk.
Characterization of milk oligosaccharide and sialic acid content and their influence on brain sialic acid in a lean mouse model for gestational diabetes.; Oligosaccharides and sialic acids (Sia) are bioactive components in milk that contribute to newborn development and health. Hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP) can have adverse effects on both mother and infant. HIP is associated with low-grade systemic inflammation. Inflammation influenced glycan composition, particularly of Sia-containing structures. We hypothesize that HIP and high-fat diet influence milk oligosaccharide composition, particularly sialylated oligosaccharides. Furthermore, we propose that milk Sia content influences pup brain Sia content. To test these hypotheses we (i) characterize mouse milk oligosaccharides and Sia concentrations in mouse milk of a GDM mouse model with dietary fat intake intervention; and (ii) determine Sia levels in offspring brains. The concentrations of oligosaccharides and Sia in mouse milk and offspring's brains were quantified using UPLC-FLD analysis. Analyses were performed on surplus samples from a previous study, where HIP was induced by combining high-fat diet (HF) feeding and low-dose streptozotocin injections in C57Bl/6NTac female mice. The previous study described the metabolic effects of HIP on dams and offspring. We detected 21 mouse milk oligosaccharides, including 9 neutral and 12 acidic structures using UPLC-MS. A total of 8 structures could be quantified using UPLC-FLD. Maternal HIP and HF diet during lactation influenced sialylated oligosaccharide concentrations in mouse milk and total and free sialic acid concentrations. Sia content in offspring brain was associated with total and free Neu5Gc in mouse milk of dams, but no correlations with HIP or maternal diet were observed.
Placental Nutrient Transport in Gestational Diabetic Pregnancies.; Maternal obesity during pregnancy is rising and is associated with increased risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance first diagnosed in pregnancy (1). Fetal growth is determined by the maternal nutrient supply and placental nutrient transfer capacity. GDM-complicated pregnancies are more likely to be complicated by fetal overgrowth or excess adipose deposition in utero. Infants born from GDM mothers have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular and metabolic disorders later in life. Diverse factors, such as ethnicity, age, fetal sex, clinical treatment for glycemic control, gestational weight gain, and body mass index among others, represent a challenge for studying underlying mechanisms in GDM subjects. Determining the individual roles of glucose intolerance, obesity, and other factors on placental function and fetal growth remains a challenge. This review provides an overview of changes in placental macronutrient transport observed in human pregnancies complicated by GDM. Improved knowledge and understanding of the alterations in placenta function that lead to pathological fetal growth will allow for development of new therapeutic interventions and treatments to improve pregnancy outcomes and lifelong health for the mother and her children.
Pregnancy at 65, risks and complications.; A 65-year-old postmenopausal pregnant woman was referred with antepartum hemorrhage at 29 weeks of gestation. Postadmission diagnosed with chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, valvular heart disease, and placenta previa. Her pregnancy was terminated by cesarean delivery at 32 weeks as she had a bout of bleeding per vaginum. Most of the placenta was adherent with no plane of cleavage; therefore, cesarean hysterectomy was performed. Baby birth weight was 1650 g and was shifted to nursery for observation and mother needed Intensive Care Unit care postcesarean. On the 15(th) day, both healthy mother and baby were discharged. Although pregnancy is possible in postmenopausal women with hormone support but the incidence of complications remain very high. It raises a need for developing well-laid guidelines for performing in vitro fertilization in older age group women.
Gestational diabetes: risks, management, and treatment options.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is commonly defined as glucose intolerance first recognized during pregnancy. Diagnostic criteria for GDM have changed over the decades, and several definitions are currently used; recent recommendations may increase the prevalence of GDM to as high as one of five pregnancies. Perinatal complications associated with GDM include hypertensive disorders, preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, stillbirths, clinical neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and cesarean deliveries. Postpartum complications include obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring and diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the mothers. Management strategies increasingly emphasize optimal management of fetal growth and weight. Monitoring of glucose, fetal stress, and fetal weight through ultrasound combined with maternal weight management, medical nutritional therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy can decrease comorbidities associated with GDM. Consensus is lacking on ideal glucose targets, degree of caloric restriction and content, algorithms for pharmacotherapy, and in particular, the use of oral medications and insulin analogs in lieu of human insulin. Postpartum glucose screening and initiation of healthy lifestyle behaviors, including exercise, adequate fruit and vegetable intake, breastfeeding, and contraception, are encouraged to decrease rates of future glucose intolerance in mothers and offspring.
Neonatal and maternal outcome after frozen embryo transfer: Increased risks in programmed cycles.; BACKGROUND: Frozen embryo transfer is associated with better perinatal outcome regarding preterm birth and low birthweight, yet higher risk of large for gestational age and macrosomia compared to fresh transfer. Further, higher rates of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are noted after frozen embryo transfer. Whether these differences are due to the protocol used in frozen cycles remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the obstetric outcome after frozen embryo transfer depending on protocol used. Comparison was also made for frozen vs fresh transfer and for frozen transfer vs spontaneous conception. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based retrospective registry study including all singletons born after frozen embryo transfer in Sweden from 2005 to 2015. The in vitro fertilization register was cross-linked with the Medical Birth Register, the Register of Birth Defects, the National Patient Register, the Swedish Neonatal Quality Register, and the Prescribed Drug Register. Singletons after frozen embryo transfer were compared depending on the presence of a corpus luteum in the actual cycle. All frozen transfer singletons were also compared with fresh transfer and spontaneous conception singletons. Primary outcomes were preterm birth (<37 w), low birthweight (<2500 g), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, and postpartum hemorrhage (>1000 mL). Crude and adjusted odds ratio with 95% confidence interval were calculated and adjustment made for relevant confounders. RESULTS: A total of 9726 singletons were born after frozen embryo transfer (natural cycles, n = 6297; stimulated cycles, n = 1983; programmed cycles, n = 1446), 24,365 after fresh transfer, and 1,127,566 after spontaneous conception. No significant differences were noticed for preterm birth and low birthweight between the different protocols used in frozen embryo transfer. Compared to natural and stimulated frozen cycles, programmed frozen cycles were associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.78; 95% confidence interval, 1.43-2.21 and adjusted odds ratio, 1.61; 95% confidence interval, 1.22-2,10, respectively) and postpartum hemorrhage (adjusted odds ratio, 2.63; 95% confidence interval, 2.20-3.13 and adjusted odds ratio, 2.87; 95% confidence interval, 2.29-2.60, respectively). Moreover, higher risks for postterm birth (adjusted odds ratio, 1.59; 95% confidence interval, 1.27-2.01 and adjusted odds ratio, 1.98; 95% confidence interval, 1.47-2.68) and macrosomia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.62; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-2.09 and adjusted odds ratio, 1.40; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-1.90) were detected. There were no significant differences in any outcomes between stimulated and natural cycles. Frozen cycles in general compared to fresh cycles and compared to spontaneous conceptions showed neonatal and maternal outcomes in agreement with earlier studies. CONCLUSION: No significant difference could be seen regarding preterm birth and low birthweight between the different protocols. However, higher rates of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, postpartum hemorrhage, postterm birth, and macrosomia were detected in programmed cycles. Stimulated cycles had outcomes similar to natural cycles. These findings are important in view of the increasing use of frozen cycles and the new policy of freeze-all cycles in in vitro fertilization. The results suggest a link between the absence of corpus luteum and adverse obstetric outcomes.
Association of antenatal steroids with neonatal mortality and morbidity in preterm infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus and hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Randomized trials of antenatal steroids (ANS) included women at 24-33 weeks gestational age (GA); however, few women had preeclampsia and women with diabetes mellitus (DM) were excluded. METHODS: Cohort study including preterm births at 23(0/7)-28(6/7) weeks GA before (Epoch-1) and after (Epoch-2) expansion of ANS administration to women with DM and hypertensive disorders (HTN). We compared Group-A (neither DM nor HTN) and Group-B (DM and/or HTN). RESULTS: Among 747 neonates the adjusted odds ratio (aOR) for surfactant administration, in-hospital mortality, severe intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) and death or severe IVH were lower in ANS-exposed neonates than unexposed neonates. In Group-B, ANS administration was independently associated with less severe IVH and less death or severe IVH, but not less surfactant use or mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Increased ANS administration in women with DM and/or HTN was independently associated with less severe IVH and less death or severe IVH but without decrease in surfactant administration.
Periodontal diseases and health: Consensus Report of the Sixth European Workshop on Periodontology.; INTRODUCTION: The remit of this group was to update the knowledge base on periodontal diseases and health. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The literature was systematically searched and critically reviewed in five specific topics. RESULTS: Prevalence of periodontitis: The data suggest a trend towards a lower prevalence of periodontitis in recent years. Adverse pregnancy outcome: The findings indicate a likely association between periodontal disease and an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. There is no evidence that treating periodontal disease decreases the rate of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Prevalence and distribution of periodontal pathogens: Genetic analysis of bacteria has demonstrated an unanticipated diversity within species. Carriage rates and particular subsets of these species vary between ethnic groups. Few of these differences can be related to differences in disease prevalence. Diabetes mellitus: Evidence on the association supports the concept of increased severity but not extent of periodontitis in subjects with poorly controlled diabetes. It is inconclusive that periodontal treatment results in improved metabolic control. Cardiovascular diseases: Evidence suggests that having periodontitis contributes to the total infectious and inflammation burden and may contribute to cardiovascular events and stroke in susceptible subjects. The impact of periodontal therapy must be further investigated.
[Indication for pregnancy interruption in patients with heart diseases].; The early diagnosis of heart disease during or better before pregnancy is one of the most important problems, as cardiac diseases are the most common cause for maternal deaths throughout the world. The knowledge of hemodynamic alterations in circulatory and respiratory physiology during pregnancy complicated by heart disease is a prerequisite for their management. The following indications for therapeutic abortion of pregnancy complicated by heart disease can be concluded according to our own observations: 1. history of significant heart failure (more than grade IV according to the classification of the New York Heart Association), frequent attacks of angina pectoris and longstanding cyanosis: 2. in spite of the most careful heart treatment with digitalis, diuretics and salftree diet cardiac-thorax-rate of more than 55% in congenital heart disease, cardiac-thorax-rate of more than 60% in acquired heart disease, significant signs of heart failure, namely more severe than grade III, tachycardic atrial fibrillation, pulse deficit of more than 30/min, active inflammatory processes of the heart (rheumatic fever, subacute bacterial endocarditis, Takayasu's disease); 3. especially severe metabolic disorders, i.e. diabetes mellitus, malignant hypertension, kidney diseases; 4. primiparae of an age of more than 35 years with any heart disease. Commissurotomy can be accomplished during pregnancy if it is too late for therapeutic abortion. Pregnancy in case of artificial valves is not recommended in general because of impending hemorrhagic diathesis.
Association between HbA1c Levels and Fetal Macrosomia and Large for Gestational Age Babies in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of 17,711 Women.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder in pregnancy. GDM is associated with serious maternal and fetal complications, in particular, fetal macrosomia and large for gestational age (LGA), which predisposes to a higher risk of childhood obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Early prediction and diagnosis of GDM leads to early interventions such as diet and lifestyle, which could mitigate the maternal and fetal complications associated with GDM. Glycated haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) has been widely used for monitoring, screening for and diagnosing diabetes and prediabetes. Increasing evidence has also showed that HbA1c could indicate fetal glucose supply. Thus, we hypothesise that the HbA1c level at around 24 to 28 weeks may predict the development of fetal macrosomia or an LGA baby in women with GDM, which could be useful for better prevention of fetal macrosomia and LGA. We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane and Google Scholar databases from inception to November 2022 for relevant studies that reported at least one HbA1c level during 24-28 weeks of pregnancy and fetal macrosomia or an LGA baby. We excluded studies that were not published in the English language. No other search filters were applied during the search. Two independent reviewers selected eligible studies for meta-analysis. Two independent reviewers performed data collection and analyses. The PROSPERO registration number is CRD42018086175. A total of 23 studies were included in this systematic review. Of these, 8 papers reported data of 17,711 women with GDM that allowed for inclusion in a meta-analysis. The obtained results demonstrated the prevalence of fetal macrosomia was 7.4% and of LGA, 13.36%. Meta-analyses showed that the estimated pooled risk ratio (RR) for LGA in women with high HbA1c values compared to normal or low values was 1.70 (95% CI: 1.23-2.35), p = 0.001; and the pooled RR for fetal macrosomia was 1.45 (95% CI: 0.80 to 2.63), p = 0.215. Further research is needed to evaluate the utility of HbA1c levels in predicting the delivery of a baby with fetal macrosomia or LGA in pregnant women.
Effect of glycemic control on fetal hearts of pregestational diabetic women by tissue doppler and M-mode imaging.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether changes in fetal heart function according to glycemic control in pregnant women with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes using spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging. METHODS: This study included 68 pregestational diabetic women (DM) at 30-32 gestational weeks. All participants were divided into two groups: type 1(n = 17) and type 2(n = 51), and then these groups were divided into the subgroups as well-controlled and poorly controlled, according to fasting glucose (FG) and 1-h postprandial glucose (PPG) values. Cardiac parameters were compared for well- and poorly-controlled groups with TDI and M-mode imaging. The correlation of cardiac parameters with FG, PPG, and HbA1c values was evaluated. Their roles in predicting neonatal outcomes were also assessed. RESULTS: Thickness measurements, early diastolic annular peak velocity (E'), late diastolic annular peak velocity (A'), tissue isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT'), and tissue myocardial performance index (MPI') were increased in both poorly controlled groups. Tissue ejection time (ET') was significantly reduced in the poorly controlled groups, while tissue isovolumetric contraction time (ICT') was not significantly changed in any group. Tricuspid, mitral, and septal annular plane excursions (TAPSE, MAPSE, and SAPSE, respectively) were significantly decreased in all poorly controlled subgroups. E', E'/A', MPI', IRT', ET', and M-mode imaging parameters significantly correlated with FG notably. CONCLUSION: Maternal hyperglycemia leads to subtle changes in systolic and diastolic functions both in the interventricular septum and ventricles, so it is essential to ensure glycemic control in both Type 1 and Type 2 DM.
Diabetes during pregnancy and birthweight trends among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal people in the Northern Territory of Australia over 30 years.; BACKGROUND: Early-life risk factors, including maternal hyperglycaemia and birthweight, are thought to contribute to the high burden of cardiometabolic disease experienced by Indigenous populations. We examined rates of pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and extremes of birthweight over three decades in the Northern Territory (NT) of Australia. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort analysis of the NT Perinatal Data Collection from 1987 to 2016, including all births >20 weeks gestation, stratified by maternal Aboriginal identification. Key outcomes were annual rates of pre-existing diabetes, GDM, small-for-gestational-age, large-for-gestational-age, low birthweight (<2500 g), and high birthweight (>4000 g). Logistic regression was used to assess trends and interactions. FINDINGS: 109 349 babies were born to 64 877 mothers, 36% of whom identified as Aboriginal ethnicity. Among Aboriginal women, rates of GDM and pre-existing diabetes, respectively, were 3 · 4% and 0 · 6% in 1987 and rose to 13% and 5 · 7% in 2016 (both trends p<0 · 001). Among non-Aboriginal women, rates of GDM increased from 1 · 9% in 1987 to 11% in 2016 (p<0 · 001), while pre-existing diabetes was uncommon (≤0 · 7% throughout). Rates of small-for-gestational-age decreased, while rates of large-for-gestational-age and high birthweight increased in both groups (all trends p<0 · 001). Multivariable modelling suggests that hyperglycaemia was largely responsible for the growing rate of large-for-gestational-age births among Aboriginal women. INTERPRETATION: The burden of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy has grown substantially in the NT over three decades and is impacting birthweight trends. The prevalence of pre-gestational diabetes in Aboriginal women is among the highest in the world. FUNDING: Diabetes Australia Research Program.
The predictive value of a nonstress test taken 24 h before delivery in high-risk pregnancies.; OBJECTIVES: A series of 180 cases of high risk pregnancies were studied in order to assess if a nonstress test taken 24 h before delivery is of any prognostic significance. METHODS: To assess the predictability of the NST (reactive or nonreactive) in terms of fetal outcome, the following variables were taken into consideration: fetal distress during labor, low Apgar score (< 7) and perinatal mortality rate. RESULTS: A reactive test was found to be a good predictor of the healthy fetus (negative predictive value = 91.2%). Also, specificity of the test was found to be 85.4%. CONCLUSIONS: The nonreactive test could identify a population at risk but it was not helpful as a 'stand alone' modality in decision making, because of the low sensitivity and positive predictive value rates (40.9% and 28.1%, respectively).
Clinical and biochemical approach to predicting post-pregnancy metabolic decompensation.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes in the developed world is increased and parallels that of obesity. Apart from the maternal and fetal complications occurring during pregnancy, GDM is characterized by a high subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In this paper, we outline the different factors to consider in assessing the future risk of diabetes developing in women with a history of GDM. Looking at the modifiable risk factors, it is worth noting that promoting a healthy diet and lifestyle before (physical activity), during and after pregnancy (breast feeding) in women of fertile age are fundamental to the success of efforts to reduce the burden of diabetes in these young people.
Exercise as a Therapeutic Intervention in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Regular exercise is important for a healthy pregnancy and can lower the risk of developing GDM. For women with GDM, exercise is safe and can affect the pregnancy outcomes beneficially. A single exercise bout increases skeletal muscle glucose uptake, minimizing hyperglycemia. Regular exercise training promotes mitochondrial biogenesis, improves oxidative capacity, enhances insulin sensitivity and vascular function, and reduces systemic inflammation. Exercise may also aid in lowering the insulin dose in insulin-treated pregnant women. Despite these benefits, women with GDM are usually inactive or have poor participation in exercise training. Attractive individualized exercise programs that will increase adherence and result in optimal maternal and offspring benefits are needed. However, as women with GDM have a unique physiology, more attention is required during exercise prescription. This review (i) summarizes the cardiovascular and metabolic adaptations due to pregnancy and outlines the mechanisms through which exercise can improve glycemic control and overall health in insulin resistance states, (ii) presents the pathophysiological alterations induced by GDM that affect exercise responses, and (iii) highlights cardinal points of an exercise program for women with GDM.
Provider Counseling About and Risk Perception for Future Chronic Disease Among Women with Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia.; Background: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes or preeclampsia are at a greater risk of developing future type 2 diabetes mellitus, high blood pressure, and cardiovascular disease. Increased perception of future chronic disease risk is positively associated with making health behavior changes, including in pregnant women. Although gestational diabetes is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, few women have heightened risk perception. Little research has assessed receipt of health advice from a provider among women with preeclampsia and its association with risk perception regarding future risk of high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease. Among women with recent diagnoses of preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, we assessed associations between receipt of health advice from providers, psychosocial factors, and type of pregnancy complication with risk perception for future chronic illness. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis among 79 women diagnosed with preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes using surveys and medical record abstraction after delivery and at 3 months postpartum. Results: Overall, fewer than half of the 79 women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes reported receiving health advice from a provider, and women with preeclampsia were significantly less likely to receive counseling as compared with women with gestational diabetes (odds ratio 0.23). We did not identify a difference in the degree of risk perception by pregnancy complication or receipt of health advice. There were no significant differences in risk perception based on age, race, education, or health insurance coverage. Conclusions: We demonstrated that women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are not routinely receiving health advice from providers regarding future chronic disease risk, and that women with preeclampsia are less likely to be counseled on their risk, compared with women with gestational diabetes. Provider and patient-centered interventions are needed to improve postpartum care and counseling for women at high risk for chronic disease based on recent pregnancy complications.
Molecular characterisation of neonatal cardiac hypertrophy and its regression.; Neonatal cardiac hypertrophy associated with diabetic pregnancy is transient and regresses naturally, but is associated with increased morbidity and mortality. This study was undertaken to analyse the changes in expression of 5 cardiac genes, including atrial natriuretic peptide, alpha- and beta-myosin heavy chain, and cardiac and skeletal alpha-actin genes, using a rat neonatal model, in which cardiac hypertrophy was induced via maternal diabetes. In the hypertrophied left ventricle of neonates from diabetic mothers, the levels of mRNA from all the above genes except skeletal alpha-actin were increased by between 1.8- and 12-fold compared with the controls at birth (p < 0.05). In the first 28 days, the level of mRNA for alpha-myosin heavy chain increased slightly, while that for atrial natriuretic peptide and beta-myosin heavy chain decreased continuously similar to the controls, but at a significantly faster rate. No significant difference between the two groups of neonates was observed in all 5 genes after 1 month, indicating complete regression. Expression of 5 cardiac genes in the neonatal cardiac hypertrophy was characterised in both hypertrophic and regressive phases. Hypertrophic regression provides a unique model for the testing of new drugs or genetic modifying factors in cardiac hypertrophy.
Intrauterine growth restriction in twin pregnancies: incidence and associated risk factors.; We sought to estimate the association of several maternal risk factors with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) in twin pregnancies. This is a case-control study of 313 patients with twin pregnancies delivered greater than 24 weeks between June 2005 and January 2010. We used three definitions of IUGR: (1) either twin with a birth weight < 10th percentile for gestational age; (2) either twin with a birth weight < 5th percentile for gestational age; and (3) birth-weight discordance ≥ 20%. Using each definition of IUGR, we estimated the association between IUGR and maternal age, weight, monochorionicity, in vitro fertilization, pregnancy reduction, thrombophilia, hypertension, and diabetes. Overall, 47% of patients delivered at least one twin with a birth weight <10th percentile, 27% of patients delivered at least one twin with a birth weight <5th percentile, and 16% of patients had birth-weight discordance of ≥20%. Using any of these three definitions for IUGR in twin pregnancies, there was no significant association between IUGR and any of the risk factors examined. This remained true when we excluded all patients who delivered <34 weeks. IUGR is very common in twin pregnancies. However, in twin pregnancies, IUGR cannot be predicted by maternal risk factors.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: the correlation between umbilical coiling index, and intrapartum as well as neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between the postnatal umbilical coiling index (pUCI), and intrapartum and neonatal outcomes in parturients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-GDM. METHODS: An evaluation of the umbilical cords and pUCI of 117 neonates of GDM and 105 of non-GDM parturients were prospectively studied within 24 h after delivery. Furthermore, obstetric history, intrapartum and neonatal data were recorded. RESULTS: Premature rupture of membrane (PROM) (p = 0.001), emergency cesarean delivery (p = 0.01), spontaneous preterm delivery (p = 0.006), duration of hospital admission (p < 0.001), and congenital malformations (p = 0.03) were significantly higher in the GDM group. Moreover, pUCI had a significant association with large for gestational age (LGA) (p = 0.009), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (p = 0.04) in the GDM group. In addition, increment of pUCI had significant association with spontaneous preterm delivery in both groups (p = 0.002) (OR = 1.23). CONCLUSIONS: GDM is associated with spontaneous preterm delivery, PROM, emergency cesarean delivery, duration of hospital admission, and congenital malformations. Increase in pUCI could increase the rate of spontaneous preterm delivery in normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by GDM, as well as, the rate of LGA and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in GDM.
Association of DNA Methylation with Infant Birth Weight in Women with Gestational Diabetes.; Offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exhibit greater adiposity at birth. This early-life phenotype may increase offspring risk of developing obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Infants born to women with GDM have a dysregulation of several hormones, cytokines, and growth factors related to fetal fat mass growth. One of the molecular mechanisms of GDM influencing these factors is epigenetic alterations, such as DNA methylation (DNAm). This review will examine the role of DNAm as a potential biomarker for monitoring fetal growth during pregnancy in women with GDM. This information is relevant since it may provide useful new biomarkers for the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of fetal growth and its later-life health consequences.
2023 AHA/ACC/ACCP/ASPC/NLA/PCNA Guideline for the Management of Patients With Chronic Coronary Disease: A Report of the American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Joint Committee on Clinical Practice Guidelines.; AIM: The "2023 AHA/ACC/ACCP/ASPC/NLA/PCNA Guideline for the Management of Patients With Chronic Coronary Disease" provides an update to and consolidates new evidence since the "2012 ACCF/AHA/ACP/AATS/PCNA/SCAI/STS Guideline for the Diagnosis and Management of Patients With Stable Ischemic Heart Disease" and the corresponding "2014 ACC/AHA/AATS/PCNA/SCAI/STS Focused Update of the Guideline for the Diagnosis and Management of Patients With Stable Ischemic Heart Disease." METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted from September 2021 to May 2022. Clinical studies, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and other evidence conducted on human participants were identified that were published in English from MEDLINE (through PubMed), EMBASE, the Cochrane Library, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and other selected databases relevant to this guideline. STRUCTURE: This guideline provides an evidenced-based and patient-centered approach to management of patients with chronic coronary disease, considering social determinants of health and incorporating the principles of shared decision-making and team-based care. Relevant topics include general approaches to treatment decisions, guideline-directed management and therapy to reduce symptoms and future cardiovascular events, decision-making pertaining to revascularization in patients with chronic coronary disease, recommendations for management in special populations, patient follow-up and monitoring, evidence gaps, and areas in need of future research. Where applicable, and based on availability of cost-effectiveness data, cost-value recommendations are also provided for clinicians. Many recommendations from previously published guidelines have been updated with new evidence, and new recommendations have been created when supported by published data.
Risk Factors of Respiratory Diseases Among Neonates in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of Qena University Hospital, Egypt.; BACKGROUND: Respiratory diseases in newborns are considered major causes of neonatal morbidity and mortality especially in developing countries. Its causes are diverse and require early detection and management. This study aimed for detection of the prevalence and risk factors of respiratory diseases in addition to outcome among neonates admitted in neonatal intensive care unit. METHODS: Our study was a prospective observational study that was undertaken at the neonatal intensive care unit of Qena University Hospital, Egypt from July 2017 to July 2018. Demographic and clinical data of newborns and their mothers were evaluated and tabulated. RESULTS: In this period, 312 neonates were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, out of them 145 suffered respiratory diseases giving a prevalence of (46.5%), and (55.9%) were males. The mean neonatal age at admission was 4.33 ± 7.19 days and mean gestational age was 34.49 ± 3.31 weeks. The most common detected respiratory diseases were respiratory distress syndrome (RDS; 49.6%), transient tachypnea of newborn (TTN; 22%), neonatal pneumonia (17.2%) and meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS; 6.21%). Premature rupture of membrane (PROM), maternal diabetes and fetal prematurity had the highest risk factors for respiratory diseases occurrence in neonates. Neonatal mortality rate was 26.2%, mainly due to hyaline membrane disease and pneumonia. CONCLUSION: Respiratory diseases constitute major part of total admission in neonatal intensive care unit especially RDS, TTN, pneumonia and MAS. Prematurity and maternal diabetes were the most important risk factors associated with respiratory diseases. Respiratory distress syndrome carried the highest risk of mortality and TTN carried the highest survival rate.
Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection: Review of Possible Pathophysiological Risk Factors.; Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) is a rare cause of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) that typically affects the younger and healthier female population without the typical ACS risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes, or hyperlipidemia. The clinical presentation of SCAD can be diverse and the diagnosis is typically by coronary angiography but also can require advanced imaging such as intravascular ultrasound or optical coherence tomography. Past studies have shown the atypical patient characteristics of SCAD patients among ACS patients. The main challenge is that the exact pathophysiology of SCAD is unknown. Potential pathophysiological risk factors are discussed including fibromuscular dysplasia, other arteriopathies, pregnancy and female sex hormone changes, migraines, inflammatory conditions, and stress. The current understanding of these risk factors along with potential pathophysiological mechanisms are discussed. There still remain many areas of additional investigation in understanding this rare cause of ACS.
Maternal Predictors of Disparate Outcomes in Children With Single Ventricle Congenital Heart Disease.; Background Significant variability in morbidity and mortality persists for children with functionally single ventricle congenital heart disease (SV-CHD) despite standardization in medical and surgical care. We hypothesized that maternal health factors may be associated with an increased risk of poor outcomes in children with SV-CHD. Methods and Results This retrospective, observational, cohort study included term maternal-infant pairs with a diagnosis of SV-CHD who underwent surgical palliation from 2006 to 2015 at Primary Children's Hospital. Pairs lacking maternal variables of interest or infant follow-up data were excluded. The association of maternal risk factors of abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index, abnormal gestational weight gain (<7 or >20 kg), hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes mellitus with death/transplant and hemodynamics were analyzed using regression models. Of 190 infants, 135 (71%) maternal-infant dyads had complete data for inclusion. Death or transplant occurred in 48 infants (36%) during an average follow-up of 2.2 years (0.1-11.7 years). Abnormal gestational weight gain was associated with an increased risk of death and/or transplant in logistic regression (odds ratio, 3.22; 95% CI, 1.32-7.86; P=0.01), but not Cox regression (hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.0-3.7; P=0.055). Mean pulmonary artery pressures were higher in the setting of abnormal gestational weight gain (16.5±2.9 versus 14.7±3.0 mm Hg; P<0.001), and abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index (15.7±3.5 versus 14.2±2.1 mm Hg; P<0.001) in the systemic right ventricle group. Conclusions Abnormal gestational weight gain (excessive or inadequate) is a novel risk factor for worse outcomes in SV-CHD. The fetoplacental environment may alter the trajectory of vascular development to impact outcomes in infants with SV-CHD.
Preeclampsia Predicts Risk of Hospitalization for Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is associated with increased risk of future heart failure (HF), but the relationship between preeclampsia and HF subtypes are not well-established. OBJECTIVES: The objective of this analysis was to identify the risk of HF with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) following a delivery complicated by preeclampsia/eclampsia. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study using the New York and Florida state Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases identified delivery hospitalizations between 2006 and 2014 for women with and without preeclampsia/eclampsia. The authors identified women admitted for HF after discharge from index delivery hospitalization until September 30, 2015, using International Classification of Diseases-9th Revision-Clinical Modification diagnosis codes. Patients were followed from discharge to the first instance of primary outcome (HFpEF hospitalization), death, or end of study period. Secondary outcomes included hospitalization for any HF and HF with reduced ejection fraction, separately. The association between preeclampsia/eclampsia and HFpEF was analyzed using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: There were 2,532,515 women included in the study: 2,404,486 without and 128,029 with preeclampsia/eclampsia. HFpEF hospitalization was significantly more likely among women with preeclampsia/eclampsia, after adjusting for baseline hypertension and other covariates (aHR: 2.09; 95% CI: 1.80-2.44). Median time to onset of HFpEF was 32.2 months (interquartile range: 0.3-65.0 months), and median age at HFpEF onset was 34.0 years (interquartile range: 29.0-39.0 years). Both traditional (hypertension, diabetes mellitus) and sociodemographic (Black race, rurality, low income) risk factors were also associated with HFpEF and secondary outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Preeclampsia/eclampsia is an independent risk factor for future hospitalizations for HFpEF.
Aortopulmonary window and coronary anatomy - still a pre-operative diagnostic trouble!; We present a case of aortopulmonary window in which the diagnosis of anomalous left coronary artery originating from pulmonary artery was made intra-operatively even if the coronary arteries anatomy was correctly studied pre-operatively with echocardiography. No evidence of coronary anomalies or indirect sings of coronary anomalies has been noted. Should we improve our pre-operative diagnostic accuracy and how?
Placental Fatty Acid Metabolism and Transport in a Rat Model of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of heightened insulin resistance triggered during gestation. This study examines how insulin resistance alters placental long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (LCPUFA) transport and metabolism in a rat model of lean GDM. Pregnant Sprague Dawley rats were administered with S961, an insulin receptor antagonist (30 nmol/kg s.c. daily), or vehicle from gestational day (GD) 7 to 20. Daily maternal body weight, food, and water intake were measured. Blood pressure assessment and glucose tolerance test were done on GD20. Fetal plasma and placenta were collected on GD20 and processed for fatty acid measurement using LC-mass spectrometry. The expression of fatty acid metabolism-related genes in the placenta was assessed using RT(2) Profiler PCR arrays. The results were validated by qRT-PCR. Blockade of insulin receptors with S961 in pregnant rats resulted in glucose intolerance with increased fasting glucose and insulin levels. Maternal body weight gain and food and water intake were not affected; however, S961 significantly increased maternal blood pressure and heart rate. The placenta n3 and n6 LCPUFA concentrations were significantly decreased by 8% and 11%, respectively, but their levels in the fetal plasma were increased by 15% and 4%. RT2 profiler arrays revealed that placental expressions of 10 genes related to fatty acid β-oxidation (Acaa1a, Acadm, Acot2, Acox2, Acsbg1, Acsl4, Acsm5, Cpt1b, Eci2, Ehhadh) and 3 genes related to fatty acid transport pathway (Fabp2, Fabp3, Slc27a3) were significantly upregulated. In summary, lack of insulin action increased the expression of genes related to placental fatty acid β-oxidation and transport with an increased transfer of LCPUFA to the fetus. The increased lipid levels routed toward the fetus may lead to fat adiposity and later-life metabolic dysfunction.
Canadian Cardiovascular Society Position Statement on Familial Hypercholesterolemia: Update 2018.; Familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is the most common monogenic disorder causing premature atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. It affects 1 in 250 individuals worldwide, and of the approximately 145,000 Canadians estimated to have FH, most are undiagnosed. Herein, we provide an update of the 2014 Canadian Cardiovascular Society position statement on FH addressing the need for case identification, prompt recognition, and treatment with statins and ezetimibe, and cascade family screening. We provide a new Canadian definition for FH and tools for clinicians to make a diagnosis. The risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in patients with "definite" FH is 10- to 20-fold that of a normolipidemic individual and initiating treatment in youth or young adulthood can normalize life expectancy. Target levels for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol are proposed and are aligned with the Canadian Cardiovascular Society guidelines on dyslipidemia. Recommendation for the use of inhibitors of proprotein convertase kexin/subtilisin type 9 are made in patients who cannot achieve therapeutic low-density lipoprotein cholesterol targets on maximally tolerated statins and ezetimibe. The writing committee used the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology in the preparation of the present document, which offers guidance for practical evaluation and management of patients with FH. This position statement also aims to raise awareness of FH nationally, and to mobilize patient support, promote knowledge translation, and availability of treatment and health care resources for this under-recognized, but important medical condition.
PREGNANCY AND DELIVERY OUTCOMES AFTER ABDOMINAL VS. LAPAROSCOPIC MYOMECTOMY: An Evaluation of an American Population Database.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate population characteristics and obstetrical complications after abdominal myomectomy vs. laparoscopic myomectomy. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study, using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample, with hospital discharge between 2004 and 2014. SETTINGS: Population-based. SUBJECT(S): 13868 and 338 pregnancies following abdominal or laparoscopic myomectomy, respectively. EXPOSURE: Obstetrics outcomes following abdominal and laparoscopic myomectomy were collected. METHODS: Multiple and Binomial logistic regression were used and adjusted in different models for age, obesity, chronic hypertension, and pre-gestational diabetes mellitus. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were analyzed. RESULT(S): Abdominal myomectomy were characterized by younger patients, lower rates of Caucasian, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, active smoking, illicit drug use, and higher rates of previous cesarean delivery, and multiple gestations when compared to laparoscopic myomectomy. Pregnant women with laparoscopic myomectomy had decreased rates of pregnancy-induced hypertension [adjusted risk ratios (aRR) 0.12, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.006-0.24)], gestational hypertension (aRR 0.24, 95%CI 0.08-0.76), preeclampsia (aRR 0.18, 95%CI 0.07-0.48), and preeclampsia or eclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension (aRR 0.03, 95%CI 0.005-0.3), gestational diabetes mellitus (aRR 0.14, 95%CI 0.06-0.34), preterm premature rupture of membranes (aRR 0.14, 95%CI 0.02-0.96), preterm delivery (aRR 0.36, 95%CI 0.23-0.55), and cesarean delivery (CD) (aRR 0.01, 95%CI 0.007-0.01) and small for gestational age (aRR 0.15, 95%CI 0.005-0.04), compared to abdominal myomectomy group. Laparoscopic myomectomy group had a higher rate of spontaneous aRR 35.57, 95%CI 22.53-62.66), and operative vaginal delivery (aRR 10.2, 95%CI 8.3-12.56), uterine rupture (aRR 6.1. 95%CI 3.2-11.63), postpartum hemorrhage (aRR 3.54, 95%CI 2.62-4.8), hysterectomy (aRR 7.74, 95%CI 5.27-11.4), transfusion (aRR 3.34, 95%CI 2.54-4.4), pulmonary embolism (aRR 7.44, 95%CI 2.44-22.71), disseminated intravascular coagulation (aRR 2.77, 95% CI 1.47-5.21), maternal infection (aRR 1.66, 95%CI 1.1-2.5) and death (aRR 2.04 95%CI 1.31-3.2)) and intra-uterine fetal death (aRR 2.99, 95%CI 1.72-5.2) compared to the abdominal myomectomy group. CONCLUSIONS: Women who had a previous abdominal myomectomy have underlying risk factors for hypertension disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes. Women who underwent laparoscopic myomectomies have higher risks of bleeding, uterine rupture, resultant complications, and death, and should be monitored as high-risk patients, like abdominal myomectomies.
Cardiovascular events following pregnancy complicated by pre-eclampsia with emphasis on comparison between early- and late-onset forms: systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To elucidate whether pre-eclampsia (PE) and the gestational age at onset of the disease (early- vs late-onset PE) have an impact on the risk of long-term maternal cardiovascular complications. METHODS: MEDLINE, EMBASE and Scopus databases were searched until 15 April 2020 for studies evaluating the incidence of cardiovascular events in women with a history of PE, utilizing combinations of the relevant MeSH terms, keywords and word variants for 'pre-eclampsia', 'cardiovascular disease' and 'outcome'. Inclusion criteria were cohort or case-control design, inclusion of women with a diagnosis of PE at the time of the first pregnancy, and sufficient data to compare each outcome in women with a history of PE vs women with previous normal pregnancy and/or in women with a history of early- vs late-onset PE. The primary outcome was a composite score of maternal cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, including cardiovascular death, major cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events, hypertension, need for antihypertensive therapy, Type-2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome. Secondary outcomes were the individual components of the primary outcome analyzed separately. Data were combined using a random-effects generic inverse variance approach. MOOSE guidelines and the PRISMA statement were followed. RESULTS: Seventy-three studies were included. Women with a history of PE, compared to those with previous normotensive pregnancy, had a higher risk of composite adverse cardiovascular outcome (odds ratio (OR), 2.05 (95% CI, 1.9-2.3)), cardiovascular death (OR, 2.18 (95% CI, 1.8-2.7)), major cardiovascular events (OR, 1.80 (95% CI, 1.6-2.0)), hypertension (OR, 3.93 (95% CI, 3.1-5.0)), need for antihypertensive medication (OR, 4.44 (95% CI, 2.4-8.2)), dyslipidemia (OR, 1.32 (95% CI, 1.3-1.4)), Type-2 diabetes (OR, 2.14 (95% CI, 1.5-3.0)), abnormal renal function (OR, 3.37 (95% CI, 2.3-5.0)) and metabolic syndrome (OR, 4.30 (95% CI, 2.6-7.1)). Importantly, the strength of the associations persisted when considering the interval (< 1, 1-10 or > 10 years) from PE to the occurrence of these outcomes. When stratifying the analysis according to gestational age at onset of PE, women with previous early-onset PE, compared to those with previous late-onset PE, were at higher risk of composite adverse cardiovascular outcome (OR, 1.75 (95% CI, 1.0-3.0)), major cardiovascular events (OR, 5.63 (95% CI, 1.5-21.4)), hypertension (OR, 1.48 (95% CI, 1.3-1.7)), dyslipidemia (OR, 1.51 (95% CI, 1.3-1.8)), abnormal renal function (OR, 1.52 (95% CI, 1.1-2.2)) and metabolic syndrome (OR, 1.66 (95% CI, 1.1-2.5). CONCLUSIONS: Both early- and late-onset PE represent risk factors for maternal adverse cardiovascular events later in life. Early-onset PE is associated with a higher burden of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality compared to late-onset PE. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Vitamin D deficiency worsens maternal diabetes induced neurodevelopmental disorder by potentiating hyperglycemia-mediated epigenetic changes.; Many studies have shown that vitamin D (VD) deficiency may be a risk factor for neurodevelopmental disorders, such as autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) and schizophrenia, although causative mechanisms remain unknown. In this study, we investigated the potential role and effect of VD on maternal diabetes induced autism-related phenotypes. The in vitro study found that enhancing genomic VD signaling by overexpressing the VD receptor (VDR) in human neural progenitor cells ACS-5003 protects against hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress and inflammation by activating Nrf2 and its target genes, including SOD2 and HMOX1, and accordingly, VDR gene knockdown worsens the problem. In the two in vivo models we explored, maternal diabetes was used to establish an animal model of relevance to ASD, and mice lacking 25-hydroxyvitamin D 1-alpha-hydroxylase (the rate-limiting enzyme in the synthesis of 1,25(OH)2D3) were used to develop a model of VD deficiency (VDD). We show that although prenatal VDD itself does not produce ASD-relevant phenotypes, it significantly potentiates maternal diabetes induced epigenetic modifications and autism-related phenotypes. Postnatal manipulation of VD has no effect on maternal diabetes induced autism-related phenotypes. We conclude that VDD potentiates maternal diabetes induced autism-related phenotypes in offspring by epigenetic mechanisms. This study adds to other preclinical studies linking prenatal VDD with a neurodevelopmental disorder.
Obstetric Intervention and Perinatal Outcomes During the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pandemic.; OBJECTIVE: To quantify pandemic-related changes in obstetric intervention and perinatal outcomes in the United States. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective study of all live births and fetal deaths in the United States, 2015-2021, with data obtained from the natality, fetal death, and linked live birth-infant death files of the National Center for Health Statistics. Analyses were carried out among all singletons; singletons of patients with prepregnancy diabetes, prepregnancy hypertension, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; and twins. Outcomes of interest included preterm birth, preterm labor induction or preterm cesarean delivery, macrosomia, postterm birth, and perinatal death. Interrupted time series analyses were used to estimate changes in the prepandemic period (January 2015-February 2020), at pandemic onset (March 2020), and in the pandemic period (March 2020-December 2021). RESULTS: The study population included 26,604,392 live births and 155,214 stillbirths. The prepandemic period was characterized by temporal increases in preterm birth and preterm labor induction or cesarean delivery rates and temporal reductions in macrosomia, postterm birth, and perinatal mortality. Pandemic onset was associated with absolute decreases in preterm birth (decrease of 0.322/100 live births, 95% CI 0.506-0.139) and preterm labor induction or cesarean delivery (decrease of 0.190/100 live births, 95% CI 0.334-0.047) and absolute increases in macrosomia (increase of 0.046/100 live births), postterm birth (increase of 0.015/100 live births), and perinatal death (increase of 0.501/1,000 total births, 95% CI 0.220-0.783). These changes were larger in subpopulations at high risk (eg, among singletons of patients with prepregnancy diabetes). Among singletons of patients with prepregnancy diabetes, pandemic onset was associated with a decrease in preterm birth (decrease of 1.634/100 live births) and preterm labor induction or cesarean delivery (decrease of 1.521/100 live births) and increases in macrosomia (increase of 0.328/100 live births) and perinatal death (increase of 9.840/1,000 total births, 95% CI 3.933-15.75). Most changes were reversed in the months after pandemic onset. CONCLUSION: The onset of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic was associated with a transient decrease in obstetric intervention (especially preterm labor induction or cesarean delivery) and a transient increase in perinatal mortality.
Maternal and fetal effects of COVID-19 virus on a complicated triplet pregnancy: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), the global pandemic that has spread throughout the world, is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Given the limited scientific evidence on the manifestations and potential impact of this virus on pregnancy, we decided to report this case. CASE PRESENTATION: The patient was a 38 year-old Iranian woman with a triplet pregnancy and a history of primary infertility, as well as hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes. She was hospitalized at 29 weeks and 2 days gestational age due to elevated liver enzymes, and finally, based on a probable diagnosis of gestational cholestasis, she was treated with ursodeoxycholic acid. On the first day of hospitalization, sonography was performed, which showed that biophysical scores and amniotic fluid were normal in all three fetuses, with normal Doppler findings in two fetuses and increased umbilical artery resistance (pulsatility index [PI] > 95%) in one fetus. On day 4 of hospitalization, she developed fever, cough and myalgia, and her COVID-19 test was positive. Despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses leading to the rapid development of absent umbilical artery end-diastolic flow. Finally, 6 days later, the patient underwent cesarean section due to rapid exacerbation of placental insufficiency and declining biophysical score in two of the fetuses. Nasopharyngeal swab COVID-19 tests were negative for the first and third babies and positive for the second baby. The first and third babies died 3 and 13 days after birth, respectively, due to collapsed white lung and sepsis. The second baby was discharged in good general condition. The mother was discharged 3 days after cesarean section. She had no fever at the time of discharge and was also in good general condition. CONCLUSIONS: This was a complicated triplet pregnancy, in which, after maternal infection with COVID-19, despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses, and the third fetus had a positive COVID-19 test after birth. Therefore, in cases of pregnancy with COVID-19 infection, in addition to managing the mother, it seems that physicians would be wise to also give special attention to the possibility of acute placental insufficiency and subsequent fetal hypoxia, and also the probability of vertical transmission.
Maternal body mass index, excess gestational weight gain, and diabetes are positively associated with neonatal adiposity in the Pregnancy and Neonatal Diabetes Outcomes in Remote Australia (PANDORA) study.; BACKGROUND: In-utero exposures likely influence the onset and severity of obesity in youth. With increasing rates of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and maternal adiposity in pregnancy globally, it is important to assess the impact of these factors on neonatal adipose measures. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the contribution of maternal ethnicity, body mass index (BMI), gestational weight gain, and hyperglycaemia to neonatal adiposity. METHODS: Pregnancy and Neonatal Diabetes Outcomes in Remote Australia (PANDORA) is a longitudinal cohort study of Australian mother and neonate pairs. In this analysis, Indigenous (n = 519) and Europid (n = 358) women were included, of whom 644 had hyperglycaemia (type 2 diabetes [T2DM], diabetes in pregnancy [DIP], or gestational diabetes [GDM]). Associations between maternal ethnicity, hyperglycaemia, BMI and gestational weight gain, and the neonatal outcomes of length, head circumference, sum of skinfolds, total body fat, and percentage body fat were examined. Models were adjusted for maternal age, smoking status, parity, education, neonatal gender, and gestational age. RESULTS: Among those with hyperglycaemia in pregnancy, Indigenous women had a higher proportion of T2DM and DIP (36%, 13%) compared with Europid women (4%, 3%). In multivariate analysis, maternal T2DM (compared with no hyperglycaemia), BMI during pregnancy, and excess compared with appropriate gestational weight gain, were significantly associated with greater neonatal measures. DIP was associated with greater sum of skinfolds, total body fat, and percentage body fat. Indigenous ethnicity was associated with greater sum of skinfolds. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal BMI, excess gestational weight gain, and hyperglycaemia operated as independent factors influencing neonatal adiposity. Interventions addressing these factors are needed to reduce neonatal adiposity.
Fetal and postnatal growth to age 2 years by mother's country of birth.; The objective of this study was to measure the physical growth of fetuses and infants in an inner city health district in the north of England and to compare their growth profiles according to mother's country of birth (British Isles or Indian subcontinent). The study was part of the Central Manchester Child Growth Project, a prospective longitudinal study of fetal and postnatal growth and development in a sample from the geographically-defined Central Manchester Health District. Data were collected from the beginning of the second trimester of pregnancy to the age of 2 years. One-hundred seventy-four singleton infants born at term ( > or = 37 weeks) had serial antenatal cephalometry every 3 weeks from the beginning of the second trimester and had serial head, length and weight measurements at birth and at the ages of 6, 13, 26, 52 and 104 weeks. Infants of Indian-born mothers tended to be lighter at birth than those of locally-born mothers, but the difference was not due to lower accumulation of soft tissue. Body length from 6 to 52 weeks in both groups of infants was similar. The major finding was the reduced head size in infants of Indian-born mothers, the difference being significant among boys, evident from mid-pregnancy and persisting postnatally to age 2 years. Reduced fetal growth is associated with the development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood, mortality from ischaemic heart disease being specifically linked with head size at birth. The reduced head size of boys of Indian-born mothers is of interest because male immigrants from the Indian subcontinent who live in England have an increased incidence of non-insulin dependent diabetes and a substantial excess mortality (standardised mortality ratio 313 at ages 20-29) from ischaemic heart disease.
Coronavirus disease 2019 in pregnancy: early lessons.; The worldwide incidence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection is rapidly increasing, but there exists limited information on coronavirus disease 2019 in pregnancy. Here, we present our experience with 7 confirmed cases of coronavirus disease 2019 in pregnancy presenting to a single large New York City tertiary care hospital. Of the 7 patients, 5 presented with symptoms of coronavirus disease 2019, including cough, myalgias, fevers, chest pain, and headache. Of the 7 patients, 4 were admitted to the hospital, including 2 who required supportive care with intravenous hydration. Of note, the other 2 admitted patients who were asymptomatic on admission to the hospital, presenting instead for obstetrically indicated labor inductions, became symptomatic after delivery, each requiring intensive care unit admission.
Long-term outcomes and potential mechanisms of offspring exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia.; Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy, which can be classified into pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes, has become much more prevalent worldwide. Maternal diabetes fosters an intrauterine abnormal environment for fetus, which not only influences pregnancy outcomes, but also leads to fetal anomaly and development of diseases in later life, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, neuropsychiatric outcomes, reproduction malformation, and immune dysfunction. The underlying mechanisms are comprehensive and ambiguous, which mainly focus on microbiota, inflammation, reactive oxygen species, cell viability, and epigenetics. This review concluded with the influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia on fetal structure development and organ function on later life and outlined potential mechanisms that underpin the development of diseases in adulthood. Maternal diabetes leaves an effect that continues generations after generations through gametes, thus more attention should be paid to the prevention and treatment of diabetes to rescue the pathological attacks of maternal diabetes from the offspring.
Using event-related potentials to study perinatal nutrition and brain development in infants of diabetic mothers.; Proper prenatal and postnatal nutrition is essential for optimal brain development and function. The early use of event-related potentials enables neuroscientists to study the development of cognitive function from birth and to evaluate the role of specific nutrients in development. Perinatal iron deficiency occurs in severely affected infants of diabetic mothers. In animal models, severe perinatal iron deficiency targets the explicit memory system of the brain. Cross-sectional ERP studies have shown that infants of diabetic mothers have impairments in recognition memory from birth through 8 months of age. The purpose of this study was to evaluate longitudinal development of recognition memory using ERPs in infants of diabetic mothers compared with control infants. Infants of diabetic mothers were divided into high and low risk status based upon their birth weights and iron status and compared with healthy control infants. Infants were tested in the newborn period for auditory recognition memory, at 6 months for visual recognition memory and at 8 months for cross modal memory. ERPs were evaluated for developmental changes in the slow waves that are thought to reflect memory and the Nc component that is thought to reflect attention. The results of the study showed differences in development between the IDMs and control infants in the development of the slow waves over the left anterior temporal leads and age-related patterns of development in the NC component. These results are consistent with animal models showing that perinatal iron deficiency affects the development of the memory networks of the brain. This study highlights the value of using ERPs to translate basic science information obtained from animal models to the development of the human infant.
Heart disease in pregnancy and risk of pre-eclampsia: a Swedish register-based study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Pre-eclampsia complicates 3-5% of pregnancies worldwide and is associated with adverse outcomes for the mother and the offspring. Pre-eclampsia and heart failure have common risk factors, including hypertension, obesity and diabetes. It is not known whether heart failure increases the risk of pre-eclampsia. This study examines whether pregestational heart failure increases the risk of pre-eclampsia. METHODS: In a registry-based case-cohort study that included all pregnancies in Sweden (n=3 125 527) between 1990 and 2019, all pregnancies with pre-eclampsia (n=90 354) were identified and up to five control pregnancies (n=451 466) for each case were chosen, matched on the mother's birth year. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate the impact of heart failure on the risk of pre-eclampsia, with adjustment for established risk factors and other cardiovascular diseases. RESULTS: Women with heart failure had no increased risk for pre-eclampsia, OR 1.02 (95% CI 0.69 to 1.50). Women with valvular heart disease had an increased OR of preterm pre-eclampsia, with an adjusted OR of 1.78 (95% CI 1.04 to 3.06). Hypertension and diabetes were independent risk factors for pre-eclampsia. Obesity, multifetal pregnancies, in vitro fertilisation, older age, Nordic origin and nulliparity were more common among women who developed pre-eclampsia compared with controls. CONCLUSION: Women with heart failure do not have an increased risk of pre-eclampsia. However, women with valvular heart disease prior to pregnancy have an increased risk of developing preterm pre-eclampsia independent of other known risk factors.
The impact of maternal body mass index on the phenotype of pre-eclampsia: a prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: We hypothesised that among nulliparous women with pre-eclampsia, overweight or obese women would have a different phenotype of pre-eclampsia compared with normal weight women with pre-eclampsia. Specifically, they are more likely to develop term pre-eclampsia and less likely to have indicators of impaired placental perfusion, e.g. abnormal uterine artery Doppler or a small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infant. DESIGN: Prospective, multicentre, cohort SCOPE study (n = 3170). SETTING: New Zealand and Australia. POPULATION: Nulliparous women who developed pre-eclampsia. METHODS: Participants were interviewed at 14-16 weeks of gestation, uterine artery Doppler studies were performed at 19-21 weeks and pregnancy outcome was tracked prospectively. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Rates of abnormal uterine artery Doppler indices, term/preterm birth and SGA infants were compared between normal, overweight and obese women with pre-eclampsia. Multivariable analysis was performed to examine the association between body mass index (BMI) and term pre-eclampsia. RESULTS: Of 178 women with pre-eclampsia, one underweight woman was excluded and 66 (37%) were normal weight, 52 (29%) were overweight and 59 (34%) were obese. Pre-eclampsia developed preterm in 26% of women and at term in 74% of women. There were no differences in the rates of term/preterm pre-eclampsia, abnormal uterine artery Doppler indices or SGA infants between BMI groups (P > 0.10). No independent association between BMI and term pre-eclampsia was found (P = 0.56). CONCLUSIONS: Among women with pre-eclampsia, those who are overweight or obese in early pregnancy are not more likely to have term pre-eclampsia compared with women with a normal BMI. Overweight and obese women require vigilant surveillance for the development of preterm as well as term pre-eclampsia.
A fetus with upper limb amelia, "caudal regression" and Dandy-Walker defect with an insulin-dependent diabetic mother.; We describe the fetus delivered to an insulin-dependent diabetic woman who had had a previous large, stillborn, non-malformed male infant and a normal female infant. The present fetus had a most unusual combination of malformations which to date had not been described in diabetic embryopathy. The anomalies include: upper limb amelia, "caudal regression" with bilateral absence of the fibulae, unilateral absence of a femur and ipsilateral oligodactyly; undescended testes; atrial septal defect; multiple vertebral and rib anomalies with cervical scoliosis and right webbed neck; left cleft lip and cleft palate; severe micrognathia; left microtia with atresia of the ear canal; and central nervous system defects including hydrocephalus with the Dandy-Walker malformation, asymmetry of the lateral ventricles, abnormal frontal gyral formation, and ependymal and ganglion cell heterotopias of the spinal cord. The pathogenesis of diabetic embryopathy is discussed.
Risk of intracranial hemorrhage associated with pregnancy in women with cerebral arteriovenous malformations.; BACKGROUND: Prior studies on rupture risk of brain arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) in women undergoing pregnancy and delivery have reported conflicting findings, but also have not accounted for AVM morphology and heterogeneity. Here, we assess the association between pregnancy and the risk of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in women with AVMs using a cohort-crossover design in which each woman serves as her own control. METHODS: Women who underwent pregnancy and delivery were identified using DRG codes from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases for California (2005-2011), Florida (2005-2014), and New York (2005-2014). The presence of AVM and ICH was determined using ICD 9 codes. Pregnancy was defined as the 40 weeks prior to delivery, and postpartum as 12 weeks after. We defined a non-exposure control period as a 52-week period prior to pregnancy. The relative risks of ICH during pregnancy were compared against the non-exposure period using conditional Poisson regression. RESULTS: Among 4 022 811 women identified with an eligible delivery hospitalization (median age, 28 years; 7.3% with gestational diabetes; 4.5% with preeclampsia/eclampsia), 568 (0.014%) had an AVM. The rates of ICH during pregnancy and puerperium were 6355.4 (95% CI 4279.4 to 8431.5) and 14.4 (95% CI 13.3 to 15.6) per 100 000 person-years for women with and without AVM, respectively. In cohort-crossover analysis, in women with AVMs the risk of ICH increased 3.27-fold (RR, 95% CI 1.67 to 6.43) during pregnancy and puerperium compared with a non-pregnant period. CONCLUSIONS: Among women with AVM, pregnancy and puerperium were associated with a greater than 3-fold risk of ICH.
Macrosomia revisited: ponderal index and leptin delineate subtypes of fetal overgrowth.; OBJECTIVES: We sought to reanalyze the concept of fetal macrosomia with regard to the ponderal index and to investigate the role of insulin, insulinlike growth factor I, leptin, and maternal factors on birth size in a population of infants with nondiabetic mothers. STUDY DESIGN: Venous cord blood levels of insulin, insulinlike growth factor I, insulinlike growth factor binding protein 3, and leptin were measured in 28 large-for-gestational-age and 21 appropriate-for-gestational-age newborns. RESULTS: Large-for-gestational-age newborns can be divided into symmetric and asymmetric subtypes according to the ponderal index. Mean leptin concentrations in cord blood were significantly higher in asymmetric than in symmetric large-for-gestational-age newborns (P =.01). A positive correlation was observed between leptin and the ponderal index (r = 0.53, P =.001) and between leptin and insulin concentrations in cord blood (r = 0.53, P =.008). CONCLUSION: Our results strongly suggest that macrosomia should not be classified on the basis of birth weight and gestational age alone. We also show that asymmetric macrosomic infants with nondiabetic mothers have abnormal leptin and insulin concentrations.
The significance of endothelium-derived hyperpolarizing factor in the human circulation.; Although nitric oxide (NO) is recognized as the primary vasodilator derived from vascular endothelium in regulating the vascular tone, another factor, i.e. the endothelium-derived hyperpolarizing factor (EDHF), has recently gained much attention and has been demonstrated to participate in vasodilatation in various blood vessels from different species, despite its unidentified nature. Most of the studies were conducted in animals and the knowledge of this factor in the human vasculature is relatively limited. This review attempts to address the relevance of EDHF-mediated function in humans with the possible identity of EDHF and mechanisms involved. We consider the human vasculature where EDHF involvement has been documented including the systemic, coronary, and visceral (gastrointestinal, renal and reproductive) circulation. In these vascular systems, EDHF plays a role under physiological conditions either as another mechanism or as the "back-up" for NO. Furthermore, the contribution of EDHF changes under certain physiological conditions, such as ageing and pregnancy. In addition, altered EDHF function has been suggested in various pathological conditions including heart diseases, atherosclerosis, hypertension, diabetes, eclampsia, glaucoma, chronic renal failure, erectile dysfunction and ischemia-reperfusion period during open heart surgery. Pharmacological agents such as potassium channel openers or cytochrome P450 metabolites have been used to either protect or recover EDHF-dependent mechanisms. To further develop new therapeutic strategies that target EDHF, a better understanding is essential with regard to the function of EDHF under pathophysiological conditions in humans. Furthermore, the interaction between NO and EDHF as well as their relative contributions in various conditions are critical.
Effects of gestational weight gain in morbidly obese women: I. Maternal morbidity.; Current recommendations for appropriate weight gain in pregnancy suggest an optimum of 120% of ideal body weight (IBW) at delivery. This represents an increase of approximately 24 pounds in the normal weight woman and even the obese patient (more than 135% IBW) is told to gain 16 pounds. Information concerning gestational weight gain in the morbidly obese woman (more than 160% IBW) has not been reported. We evaluated 40 morbidly obese pregnant women for maternal morbidity relative to gestational weight gain. No correlation was found between maternal weight gain and the development of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm labor, premature rupture of membranes, incompetent cervix, or intrauterine growth retardation. The incidence of primary cesarean delivery was statistically greater in those women gaining more than 24 pounds (p less than 0.05). It appears that current recommendations for gestational weight gain in the morbidly obese are excessive and may result in increased maternal risk.
Pregnancy Associated Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction: Risk Factors and Maternal Morbidity.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular conditions are leading contributors to increasing maternal morbidity and mortality. Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) results in the majority of HF admissions in women, yet its impact in pregnancy is unknown. We examined the prevalence rates, risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with HFpEF during pregnancy-related hospitalizations in the United States. METHODS AND RESULTS: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of pregnancy-related hospitalizations from 2002 through 2014 using the National Inpatient Sample. HFpEF cases were identified using the 428.3 International Classification of Diseases, 9th edition, Clinical Modification code. Weighting variables were used to provide national estimates, unconditional survey logistic regression to generate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) representing adjusted associations with adverse pregnancy outcomes and Joinpoint regression to estimate temporal trends. Among 58,732,977 hospitalizations, there were 3840 HFpEF cases, an overall rate of 7 cases per 100,000 pregnancy-related hospitalizations; 56% occurred postpartum, 27% during delivery, and 17% antepartum. The temporal trend for hospitalization increased throughout the timeframe by 19.4% (95% CI 13.9-25.1). HFpEF hospitalizations were more common for Black, older, or poor women. Risk factors included hypertension (chronic hypertension and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy), anemia, obesity, diabetes, renal disease and coronary atherosclerosis; all known risk factors for HFpEF. Women with HFpEF were 2.61-6.47 times more likely to experience adverse pregnancy outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: The pregnancy-related HFpEF hospitalization prevalence has increased and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Risk factors resemble those outside pregnancy, emphasizing the need for screening and monitoring women with risk factors during pregnancy for HFpEF.
Elite Athletes and Pregnancy Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this systematic review was to evaluate fetal and maternal pregnancy outcomes of elite athletes who had participated in competitive sport immediately before conception. METHODS: Online databases were searched up to March 24, 2020. Studies of any design and language were eligible if they contained information on the relevant population (pregnant women), exposure (engaged in elite sport immediately before pregnancy), and outcomes (birth weight, low birth weight, macrosomia, preterm birth, fetal heart rate and pulse index, cesarean sections, instrumental deliveries, episiotomies, duration of labor, perineal tears, pregnancy-induced low back pain, pelvic girdle pain, urinary incontinence, miscarriages, prenatal weight gain, inadequate/excess prenatal weight gain, maternal depression or anxiety). RESULTS: Eleven unique studies (n = 2256 women) were included. We identified "low" certainty evidence demonstrating lower rates of low back pain in elite athletes compared with active/sedentary controls (n = 248; odds ratio, 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.20-0.73; I2 = 0%) and "very low" certainty evidence indicating an increased odds of excessive prenatal weight gain in elite athletes versus active/sedentary controls (n = 1763; odds ratio, 2.47; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-4.85; I2 = 0%). Low certainty evidence from two studies (n = 7) indicated three episodes of fetal bradycardia after high-intensity exercise that resolved within 10 min of cessation of activity. No studies reported inadequate gestational weight gain or maternal depression or anxiety. There were no differences between elite athletes and controls for all other outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: There is "low" certainty of evidence that elite athletes have reduced odds of experiencing pregnancy-related low back pain and "very low"certainty of evidence that elite athletes have increased the odds of excessive weight gain compared with active/sedentary controls. More research is needed to provide strong evidence of how elite competitive sport before pregnancy affects maternal and fetal outcomes.PROSPERO Registration: CRD42020167382.
[A cohort study on the impacts of pre-pregnancy maternal body mass index, gestational weight gain on neonate birth status and perinatal outcomes in Fujian province].; OBJECTIVE: To study the impacts of pre-pregnancy maternal BMI and gestational weight gain(GWG) on pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We adopted a prospective cohort study with cluster sampling in single pregnant women, who were not with hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia or other diseases in the previous history, neither did they have diseases of heart, liver, kidney, thyroid etc. related to current pregnancy. Those pregnant women who visited the prenatal nutrition clinic under 'informed consent' were surveyed with questionnaire to track their peri-natal complications, delivery mode and neonate birth outcomes etc. Pearson and partial correlations, chi-square test and binary logistic regression were used to study the association between pre-pregnancy maternal BMI, GWG and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: A total of 623 pregnant women were recruited in the cohort, with 592 (95%) of them eligible for analysis. Results from the Multivariate Logistic Regression analysis indicated that, after controlling the potential confounding factors, when compared to women with pre-pregnancy BMI between 18.5 and 24.0, the odds ratios (ORs) for low birth ponderal index (PI) were 2.34 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.24-4.42)]among those with BMI<18.5, respectively, while 2.73 (1.12-6.68) for high birth PI among those with BMI > 24.0. Similarly, when compared to pregnant women with normal GWG(defined as weight gain range from P15 to P85 by stratification of pre-pregnancy BMI), low GWG (<P15) seemed to be the risk factor for preterm birth, low birth weight, gestational diabetes mellitus, with low birth PI [ORs as 4.85(1.35-17.51), 10.30 (2.29-46.35), 2.29 (1.07-4.93) and 2.65(1.24-5.68), respectively. High GWG (>P 85)appeared the risk factor for high birth weight, high birth PI, and gestational diabetes mellitus, with ORs as 3.83(1.74-8.44), 2.39(1.14-5.01)and 2.21(1.07-4.55), respectively. CONCLUSION: Low or high pre-pregnancy maternal BMI and GWG were associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) in vascular inflammatory diseases.; Vascular adhesion protein-1 (VAP-1) also known as amino oxidase copper containing 3 (AOC3) is a pro-inflammatory and versatile molecule with adhesive and enzymatic properties. VAP-1 is a primary amine oxidase belonging to the semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO) family, which catalyzes the oxidation of primary amines leading to the production of ammonium, formaldehyde, methylglyoxal, and hydrogen peroxide. VAP-1 is mainly expressed by endothelial cells, smooth muscle cells, adipocytes and pericytes. It is involved in a repertoire of biological functions, e.g., immune cell extravasation, angiogenesis, and vascularization. Research into VAP-1 has intensified within the last decade on its role as a novel clinical biomarker and as a potential therapeutic target of vascular inflammatory disorders such as atherosclerosis, stroke, diabetes, neurovascular disorders (e.g., Alzheimer's Disease), hepatic disease (e.g., non-alcoholic steatohepatitis), and skin conditions (e.g., psoriasis). This is the most up-to-date and comprehensive review on VAP-1 focusing on the translational aspects of VAP-1. Compared to recent reviews, our review provides novel insights on VAP-1 and heart failure, stroke and frailty, diabetes, endometriosis, osteoarthritis, COVID-19, conjunctivitis associated systemic lupus erythematosus, hematopoietic stem cells, gliomas, treatment of colorectal cancer with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (U-V269), promoting recovery of motor functions and habit learning with a novel VAP-1 inhibitor (PXS-4681A), and 68Ga-DOTA-Siglec-9, a labelled peptide of Siglec-9 (a VAP-1 ligand), which appears to be a safe PET tracer for inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis. Finally, we present the emerging role of VAP-1 in pregnancy as a gatekeeper of immune cells, which are critical for spiral arterial remodeling, the deficiency of which could lead to vascular disorders of pregnancy such as preeclampsia. Future research should prioritize clinical trials on VAP-1 small-molecule inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, thus, maximizing the potential of VAP-1 targeted therapy as well as research into sVAP-1 as a clinical biomarker of diseases and its prognosis.
Pre-pregnancy community-based intervention for couples in Malaysia: application of intervention mapping.; BACKGROUND: Malaysia is experiencing a nutrition transition with burgeoning obesity, particularly in women, and a growing prevalence of non-communicable disease. These health burdens have severe implications not only for adult health but also across generations. Pre-conception health promotion could address the intergenerational risk of metabolic disease. This paper describes the development of the "Jom Mama" intervention using Intervention Mapping (IM). The Jom Mama intervention aims to improve the health of young adult couples in Malaysia prior to conception. METHODS: IM comprises of five steps prior to the last one, which involves the evaluation of the intervention. We used the five steps to develop the Jom Mama intervention. RESULTS: Both the process and evidence is documented providing the rationale to the selection of the key objectives of the intervention: (i) increasing healthy dietary practice; (ii) increasing physical activity levels, (iii) reducing sedentary activity; and (iv) improving social support to offset stressful lifestyles. From the IM process, Jom Mama will be health-system centred approach that uniquely combines both community health promoters and an electronic-health platform to deliver the complex intervention. CONCLUSION: IM is an iterative process that systematically gathers "best" evidence, selects appropriate theories of behaviour change, and facilitates formative research so as to develop a complex intervention. Though the IM process is time consuming, complex, and costly, it has enriched the Jom Mama intervention with a number of notable advantages: (i) intervention fashioned on formative work with stakeholders and in the target group; (ii) intervention combines research evidence with theory; (iii) intervention acknowledges multiple dynamics of influence; and (iv) intervention is embedded within health service priorities in Malaysia for greater scale-up possibility.
UK-born Pakistani-origin infants are relatively more adipose than white British infants: findings from 8704 mother-offspring pairs in the Born-in-Bradford prospective birth cohort.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have shown markedly lower birth weight among infants of South Asian origin compared with those of White European origin. Whether such differences mask greater adiposity in South Asian infants and whether they persist across generations in contemporary UK populations is unclear. Our aim was to compare birth weight, skinfold thickness and cord leptin between Pakistani and White British infants and to investigate the explanatory factors, including parental and grandparental birthplace. METHODS: We examined the differences in birth weight and skinfold thickness between 4649 Pakistani and 4055 White British infants born at term in the same UK maternity unit and compared cord leptin in a subgroup of 775 Pakistani and 612 White British infants. RESULTS: Pakistani infants were lighter (adjusted mean difference -234 g 95% CI -258 to -210) and were smaller in both subscapular and triceps skinfold measurements. The differences for subscapular and triceps skinfold thickness (mean z-score difference -0.27 95% CI -0.34 to -0.20 and -0.23 95% CI -0.30 to -0.16, respectively) were smaller than the difference in birth weight (mean z-score difference -0.52 95% CI -0.58 to -0.47) and attenuated to the null with adjustment for birth weight (0.03 95% CI -0.03 to 0.09 and -0.01 95% CI -0.08 to 0.05, respectively). Cord leptin concentration (indicator of fat mass) was similar in Pakistani and White British infants without adjustment for birth weight, but with adjustment became 30% higher (95% CI 17% to 44%) among Pakistani infants compared with White British infants. The magnitudes of difference did not differ by generation. CONCLUSIONS: Despite being markedly lighter, Pakistani infants had similar skinfold thicknesses and greater total fat mass, as indicated by cord leptin, for a given birth weight than White British infants. Any efforts to reduce ethnic inequalities in birth weight need to consider differences in adiposity and the possibility that increasing birth weight in South Asian infants might inadvertently worsen health by increasing relative adiposity.
[Morphometric study of the choroid in pregnant women with disorders of carbohydrate metabolism].; In recent years, much attention is being paid to studying the state of the choroid in various eye pathologies, but changes in the choroid of pregnant women with disorders of glucose metabolism remain unexplored. PURPOSE: To study choroidal thickness in pregnant women with disorders of carbohydrate metabolism in the III trimester. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study included 376 pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy: 49 of them had type 1 diabetes (T1D), 248 had gestational diabetes (GD), and 79 were healthy pregnant women who comprised the control group. Three subgroups were distinguished among patients with GD, depending on the timing of the development of GD in the I (160 patients), II (56 patients), or III (32 patients) trimesters. Optical coherence tomography was performed to measure choroidal thickness in the foveal region. RESULTS: In patients with GD, no significant differences in average indexes of choroidal thickness in subgroups with different timing of diabetes development were observed, however, the pregnant women of the GD subgroup with beginning of its development in the first trimester had the smallest indexes of average choroidal thickness. In pregnant women with GD who received insulin, choroidal thickness was lower than in patients who did not receive it, although statistical significance of that was not established. In patients with T1D and diabetic retinopathy (DR), choroidal thickness was significantly lower compared to patients with T1D without DR, GD and control groups. Obtained data indicates the presence of changes in the choroid and development of diabetic choroidopathy in pregnant women with T1D and DR. CONCLUSION: The study of choroidal changes in pregnant women with disorders of carbohydrate metabolism can help identify criteria for manifestation of diabetic microangiopathy, choroidopathy, and predict the progression of DR.
Risk factors for pre-eclampsia in pregnant Chinese women with abnormal glucose metabolism.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the incidence and risk factors for pre-eclampsia in pregnant Chinese women with abnormal glucose metabolism. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed on 1499 pregnant women with abnormal glucose metabolism at Peking University First Hospital from January 1995 to December 2004. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of pre-eclampsia in women with abnormal glucose metabolism was 9.4% (141/1499). The prevalence of pre-eclampsia in women diagnosed with diabetes mellitus prior to pregnancy was higher than that of gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational impaired glucose tolerance patients (29.1% vs 8.7% and 7.8%, P<0.01). Pre-pregnancy body mass index was significantly higher in women with pre-eclampsia than in those without. A higher rate of pre-eclampsia was found in women with chronic hypertension and those with poor glucose control. The independent risk factors for pre-eclampsia were chronic hypertension and elevated pre-pregnancy body mass index. CONCLUSIONS: The type of diabetes, chronic hypertension, and elevated pre-pregnancy body mass index are high risk factors for pre-eclampsia in pregnant women with abnormal glucose metabolism.
Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factor Interventions in Women With Prior Gestational Hypertensive Disorders or Diabetes in North America: A Rapid Review.; Women with previous hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2- to 3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The goal of this rapid review was to summarize evidence of the effectiveness of CVD risk factor interventions for postpartum women with a history of HDP or GDM. A comprehensive search strategy was used to search articles published in 5 databases-Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), PsycINFO, and Embase). Observational and intervention studies that identified CVD prevention, screening, and/or risk factor management interventions among postpartum women with prior HDP or GDM in Canada and the US were included. The quality of observational and interventional studies, and their risk of bias, were assessed using appropriate critical appraisal checklists. Eight studies, including 4 observational cohorts, 3 randomized controlled trials, and 1 quasi-experimental study, merited inclusion for analysis. A total of 2449 participants were involved in the included studies. The most effective CVD risk factor intervention was comprised of postpartum transition and follow-up, CVD risk factor education, and advice on lifestyle changes. Most of the observational studies led to improvements in CVD risk factors, including improvements in CVD lifetime risk scores. However, none of the RCTs led to improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors. Few studies have investigated CVD risk factor interventions in the postpartum in women with previous HDP or GDM in North America. Further studies of higher quality are needed.
History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Relation to Cardiovascular Disease and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in US Women.; BACKGROUND: Findings from previous studies examining the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been inconsistent and inconclusive. We aimed to examine the associations of a previous history of GDM with risk of CVD and status of cardiovascular risk factors in a nationwide population-based study in the United States. METHODS: This study included 8,127 parous women aged 20 years or older in the 2007-2014 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey in the United States. The exposure was self-reported diagnostic history of GDM and the outcomes were self-reported diagnostic history of CVD and measurements of cardiovascular risk factors, including blood pressure and blood lipids. Regression models with sample weights were used to examine the associations of GDM with CVD and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Among women with a history of both GDM and CVD, CVD was diagnosed on average 22.9 years after the diagnosis of GDM. After adjustment for demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle factors, a history of GDM was associated with 63% higher odds of CVD [odds ratio (OR) 1.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02, 2.62, p-value = 0.04]. Further adjustment for body mass index (BMI) modestly attenuated the association (OR 1.52, 95% CI 0.95, 2.44, p-value = 0.08). A history of GDM was significantly associated with lower serum level of HDL-cholesterol (adjusted β-coefficient -3.33, 95% CI -5.17, -1.50, p-value ≤ 0.001), but not associated with total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, or systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Similarly, the association between a history of GDM and HDL cholesterol was attenuated after additional adjustment for BMI (adjusted β-coefficient -1.68, 95% CI -3.38, 0.03, p-value = 0.54). CONCLUSION: Women with a previous history of GDM have significantly higher risk for developing CVD and lower serum level of HDL cholesterol, compared to women without a history of GDM. The associations may be explained, at least partly, by BMI.
Investigating causal relations between sleep duration and risks of adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes: linear and nonlinear Mendelian randomization analyses.; BACKGROUND: Observational studies have reported maternal short/long sleep duration to be associated with adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes. However, it remains unclear whether there are nonlinear causal effects. Our aim was to use Mendelian randomization (MR) and multivariable regression to examine nonlinear effects of sleep duration on stillbirth (MR only), miscarriage (MR only), gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, perinatal depression, preterm birth and low/high offspring birthweight. METHODS: We used data from European women in UK Biobank (N=176,897), FinnGen (N=~123,579), Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (N=6826), Born in Bradford (N=2940) and Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study (MoBa, N=14,584). We used 78 previously identified genetic variants as instruments for sleep duration and investigated its effects using two-sample, and one-sample nonlinear (UK Biobank only), MR. We compared MR findings with multivariable regression in MoBa (N=76,669), where maternal sleep duration was measured at 30 weeks. RESULTS: In UK Biobank, MR provided evidence of nonlinear effects of sleep duration on stillbirth, perinatal depression and low offspring birthweight. Shorter and longer duration increased stillbirth and low offspring birthweight; shorter duration increased perinatal depression. For example, longer sleep duration was related to lower risk of low offspring birthweight (odds ratio 0.79 per 1 h/day (95% confidence interval: 0.67, 0.93)) in the shortest duration group and higher risk (odds ratio 1.40 (95% confidence interval: 1.06, 1.84)) in the longest duration group, suggesting shorter and longer duration increased the risk. These were supported by the lack of evidence of a linear effect of sleep duration on any outcome using two-sample MR. In multivariable regression, risks of all outcomes were higher in the women reporting <5 and ≥10 h/day sleep compared with the reference category of 8-9 h/day, despite some wide confidence intervals. Nonlinear models fitted the data better than linear models for most outcomes (likelihood ratio P-value=0.02 to 3.2×10(-52)), except for gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Our results show shorter and longer sleep duration potentially causing higher risks of stillbirth, perinatal depression and low offspring birthweight. Larger studies with more cases are needed to detect potential nonlinear effects on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth and high offspring birthweight.
Age of onset of cerebral venous thrombosis: the BEAST study.; BACKGROUND: Cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) is an uncommon cause of stroke in young adults. We aimed to determine the impact of age, gender and risk factors (including sex-specific) on CVT onset. METHODS: We used data from the BEAST (Biorepository to Establish the Aetiology of Sinovenous Thrombosis), a multicentre multinational prospective observational study on CVT. Composite factors analysis (CFA) was performed to determine the impact on the age of CVT onset in males and females. RESULTS: A total of 1309 CVT patients (75.3% females) aged ⩾18 years were recruited. The overall median (IQR-interquartile range) age for males and females was 46 (35-58) years and 37 (28-47) years (p < 0.001), respectively. However, the presence of antibiotic-requiring sepsis (p = 0.03, 95% CI 27-47 years) among males and gender-specific risk factors like pregnancy (p < 0.001, 95% CI 29-34 years), puerperium (p < 0.001, 95% CI 26-34 years) and oral contraceptive use (p < 0.001, 95% CI 33-36 years) were significantly associated with earlier onset of CVT among females. CFA demonstrated a significantly earlier onset of CVT in females, ~12 years younger, in those with multiple (⩾1) compared to '0' risk factors (p < 0.001, 95% CI 32-35 years). CONCLUSIONS: Women suffer CVT 9 years earlier in comparison to men. Female patients with multiple (⩾1) risk factors suffer CVT ~12 years earlier compared to those with no identifiable risk factors.
Correction: Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study.; [This corrects the article DOI: 10.1371/journal.pmed.1002488.].
Are Preeclampsia and Adverse Obstetrical Outcomes Predictors of Cardiovascular Disease? A Case-Control Study of Women With Heart Disease.; OBJECTIVE: This study sought to determine whether preeclampsia; gestational diabetes; and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm delivery are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life. METHODS: This was a retrospective, age-matched, case-control study that surveyed 244 cases (women with confirmed coronary artery disease) and 246 controls (women who did not have coronary artery disease) on their obstetrical history and outcomes, as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Analyses were performed using SAS software version 9.1.3. (Canadian Task Force Classification II-2). RESULTS: Women with coronary artery disease had significantly higher rates of maternal complications such as gestational hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 3.34; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03-10.9), as well as conventional vascular risk factors such as dyslipidemia (OR 5.38; 95% CI 2.70-10.7), hypertension (OR 2.40; 95% CI 1.23-4.70), diabetes (OR 2.32; 95% CI 1.07-5.01), and smoking (current smoker: OR; 4.82 95% CI 1.66-14.00; former smoker: OR 2.86; 95% CI 1.43-5.71). There were more cases with preeclampsia (9.8%, vs. 5.4% in controls); however, the difference was not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Among the adverse maternal conditions, there was more gestational hypertension in women with coronary artery disease. In this study, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were the most important maternal risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life and should be flagged early for close monitoring and/or intervention.
Interdependence of placenta and fetal cardiac development.; The placenta and fetal heart undergo development concurrently during early pregnancy, and, while human studies have reported associations between placental abnormalities and congenital heart disease (CHD), the nature of this relationship remains incompletely understood. Evidence from animal studies suggests a plausible cause and effect connection between placental abnormalities and fetal CHD. Biomechanical models demonstrate the influence of mechanical forces on cardiac development, whereas genetic models highlight the role of confined placental mutations that can cause some forms of CHD. Similar definitive studies in humans are lacking; however, placental pathologies such as maternal and fetal vascular malperfusion and chronic deciduitis are frequently observed in pregnancies complicated by CHD. Moreover, maternal conditions such as diabetes and pre-eclampsia, which affect placental function, are associated with increased risk of CHD in offspring. Bridging the gap between animal models and human studies is crucial to understanding how placental abnormalities may contribute to human fetal CHD. The next steps will require new methodologies and multidisciplinary approaches combining innovative imaging modalities, comprehensive genomic testing, and histopathology. These studies may eventually lead to preventative strategies for some forms of CHD by targeting placental influences on fetal heart development.
Rising trend and indications of caesarean section at the university of Maiduguri teaching hospital, Nigeria.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the trend and indications for the use of caesarean delivery in our environment. METHOD: A retrospective review of the caesarean sections performed at University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital from January 2000 to December 2005 inclusive. RESULTS: During the study period, there were 10,097 deliveries and 1192 caesarean sections giving a caesarean section rate of 11.8%. The major maternal indications were cephalopelvic disproportion (15.5%), previous caesarean section (14.7%), eclampsia (7.2%), failed induction of labor (5.5%), and placenta previa (5.1%). Fetal distress (9.6%), breech presentation (4.7%), fetal macrosomia (4.3%), and pregnancy complicated by multiple fetuses (4.2%) were the major fetal indications. The caesarean section rate showed a steady increase over the years (7.20% in 2000-13.95% in 2005), but yearly analysis of the demographic characteristics, type of caesarean section, and the major indications did not reveal any consistent changes to account for the rising trend except for the increasing frequency of fetal distress as an indication of caesarean section over the years, which was also not statistically significant (c[2] =8.08; P=0.12). The overall perinatal mortality in the study population was found to be 72.7/1000 birth and despite the rising rate of caesarean section, the perinatal outcomes did not improve over the years. CONCLUSION: Trial of vaginal birth after caesarean section in appropriate cases and use of cardiotocography for continuous fetal heart rate monitoring in labor with confirmation of suspected fetal distress through fetal blood acid--base study are recommended. A prospective study may reveal some of the other reasons for the increasing caesarean section rate.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancies conceived after infertility treatment: a population-based study in the United States, 2015-2020.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancies conceived using infertility treatment and examine the influence of race and ethnicity as well as prepregnancy body mass index (BMI). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study using the US vital records data of women that delivered singleton births. SETTING: United States, 2015-2020. INTERVENTIONS: Any infertility treatment was divided into two groups: those that used fertility-enhancing drugs, artificial insemination, or intrauterine insemination, and those that used assisted reproductive technology (ART). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURESS: Gestational diabetes mellitus, defined as a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy, includes both diet-controlled GDM and medication-controlled GDM in singleton pregnancies conceived with infertility treatment or spontaneously and delivered between 20- and 44-weeks' gestation. We also examined whether the infertility treatment-GDM association was modified by maternal race and ethnicity as well as prepregnancy BMI. Associations were expressed as a rate ratio (RR) and 95% confidence interval (CI), derived from log-linear models after adjustment for potential confounders. RESULTS: A total of 21,943,384 singleton births were included, with 1.5% (n = 318,086) undergoing infertility treatment. Rates of GDM among women undergoing infertility treatment and those who conceived spontaneously were 11.0% (n = 34,946) and 6.5% (n = 1,398,613), respectively (adjusted RR 1.24, 95% CI 1.23, 1.26). The RRs were adjusted for maternal age, parity, education, race and ethnicity, smoking, BMI, chronic hypertension, and year of delivery. The risk of GDM was modestly increased for those using fertility-enhancing drugs (adjusted RR 1.28, 95% CI 1.27, 1.30) compared with ART (adjusted RR 1.18, 95% CI 1.17, 1.20), and this risk was especially apparent for non-Hispanic White women (adjusted RR 1.29, 95% CI 1.26, 1.31) and Hispanic women (adjusted RR 1.35, 95% CI 1.29, 1.41). The number of women who needed to be exposed to infertility treatment to diagnose one case of GDM was 46. Prepregnancy BMI did not modify the infertility treatment-GDM association overall and within strata of race and ethnicity. These general patterns were stronger after potential corrections for misclassification of infertility treatment and unmeasured confounding. CONCLUSIONS: Infertility treatment, among those who received fertility-enhancing drugs, is associated with an increased GDM risk. The persistently higher risk of GDM among women who seek infertility treatment, irrespective of prepregnancy weight classification, deserves attention. Infertility specialists must be vigilant with preconception counseling and ensure that all patients, regardless of race and ethnicity or BMI, are adequately tested for GDM early in pregnancy using a fasting blood glucose level or a traditional 50-g oral glucose tolerance test. Testing may be completed by the infertility specialist or deferred to the primary prenatal care provider at the first prenatal visit.
The anesthetic approach to operative delivery of the extremely obese parturient.; Extreme obesity (BMI ≥ 40) is thought to complicate approximately 5% of deliveries in the United States. Extreme obesity puts a pregnant woman at an increased risk for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, coronary artery disease, and congestive heart failure; respiratory disease, including obstructive sleep apnea and asthma; as well as pregnancy-specific diseases including pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. Extreme obesity also puts a parturient at a significantly increased risk of requiring cesarean delivery. For the anesthesiologist, the physiologic changes of obesity combined with the normal physiologic changes of pregnancy can make for a complex and challenging case. This review will focus on the anesthetic approach to the extremely obese parturient undergoing scheduled operative delivery. With proper planning and a detailed understanding of the patient's comorbidities, a safe and effective anesthetic can be achieved.
Update on the contraceptive contraindications.; BACKGROUND: The choice of contraceptive methods has considerably increased over recent years. However, all available methods are not appropriate for all women, especially those with medical conditions or individual characteristics in whom any pregnancy, particularly unintended pregnancy, is at higher risk. The safety of contraception is crucial for these women and evidence-based guidance to help healthcare providers choosing a suitable method has been published. The aim of our review is to make an update on the main contraceptive contraindications. METHODS: The World Health Organisation Medical Eligibility Criteria for Contraceptive Use (WHO-MEC) published in 2015 are referred to throughout this review. The rationale behind the recommendations for women with cardiovascular, rheumatic, neurologic, gynaecological or endocrine disorders was first analysed. The national adaptations of the WHO-MEC, especially the French, British, and American ones, were then scrutinized. MAIN FINDINGS: Overall, the MECs considered tend to provide the same recommendations. However, there are some noticeable differences that may be useful to know. Hence, for a given condition, differences in categorisation have been noticed where limited or controversial scientific evidence relating to this condition exists, especially regarding hormonal contraceptives. Some medical conditions or characteristics, included in some MECs but not in others, have also been identified. CONCLUSION: MECs represent valuable tools to help clinicians to prescribe the most acceptable and safe contraceptive method for each individual woman. Although it may be useful to consult different MECs for some complex conditions, prescribers should always bear in mind that these MECs are only guidelines and that their clinical judgment should always prevail.
Developmental origins of pregnancy-induced cardiac changes: establishment of a novel model using the atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted mice.; Pregnancy evokes many challenges on the maternal cardiovascular system that may unmask predispositions for future disease. This is particularly evident for women who develop pregnancy-related disorders, for example, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes or hypertension. Such pregnancy-related syndromes increase the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) postpartum. As a result, pregnancy has been termed as a cardiovascular stress test and an indicator or marker to predict the development of CVD later in life. In addition, pregnancy-related disorders impact the development of offspring also placing them at a higher risk for disease. Utilizing pregnancy as a physiological stressor, the current investigation sought to determine whether the cardiovascular system of offspring exposed to gestational hypertension in utero would respond adversely to the stress of pregnancy. Heterozygous atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted (ANP(+/-)) offspring were generated by either crossing male wildtype ANP(+/+) with female knockout ANP(-/-) to produce ANP(+/-KO) mice or crossing female wildtype ANP(+/+) with male knockout ANP(-/-) to produce ANP(+/-WT) mice. To study the cardiovascular stress induced by pregnancy, female ANP(+/-WT) and ANP(+/-KO) mice were mated with male wildtype ANP(+/+) mice to initiate pregnancy. Cardiac size and molecular expression of the renin-angiotensin (RAS) and natriuretic peptide systems (NPS) were compared between offspring groups. Our data demonstrate that gestational hypertension and lack of maternal ANP did not significantly impact the progression and regression of pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy over gestation and postpartum in ANP(+/-) offspring. Additionally, the molecular cardiac expression of the RAS and NPS did not differ between offspring groups. Future investigation should assess potential differences in cardiac function and the impact of fetal-programming on offspring cardiovascular adaptations during pregnancy in more severe models of pregnancy-related hypertensive syndrome such as angiotensin II or isoproterenol infusion.
Nutritional and developmental programming effects of insulin.; The discovery of insulin in 1921 was a major breakthrough in medicine and for therapy in patients with diabetes. The dramatic rise in the prevalence of overweight and obesity has been tightly linked to an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which poses major health concerns. Babies born to GDM mothers are more likely to develop obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Evidence accumulated during the past two decades has revealed that high levels insulin, such as those observed during GDM, can have a widespread effect on the development and function of a variety of organs. This review summarises our current knowledge on the role of insulin in the placenta, cardiovascular system and brain during critical periods of development, as well as how it can contribute to lifelong metabolic regulation. We also discuss possible intervention strategies to ameliorate and hopefully reverse the developmental defects associated with obesity and GDM.
Myocardial infarction in women under 50 years of age.; Risk factors for first nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI) in women younger than age 50 years were evaluated in a case-control study of 255 women with MI and 802 controls. The relative risk of MI increased with the amount smoked. The estimated risk of MI for current smokers of 35 or more cigarettes per day was ten times that of women who never smoked; an estimated 65% of MIs were attributable to cigarette smoking. The relative risk of MI increased markedly with increasing levels of total plasma cholesterol and decreasing levels of high-density lipoproteins, and the effects of the two factors appeared to be independent. Other factors significantly associated with MI were hypertension, angina pectoris, diabetes mellitus, blood group A, and a history of MI or stroke before age 60 years in a mother or sibling. Factors not significantly associated with MI were obesity, history of preeclamptic toxemia, and type A personality. Women who were postmenopausal appeared to have a lower risk of MI than premenopausal women of similar ages. Of the identified risk factors, the most prominent was cigarette smoking, a habit that is amenable to change.
Association between Gestational Weight Gain and Risk of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy among Women with Obesity: A Multicenter Retrospective Cohort Study in Japan.; The relationship between weight gain during pregnancy and the onset of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with pre-pregnancy obesity remains unclear. We examined the effects of weight gain during pregnancy on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among women with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) ≥ 25.0 kg/m(2). This multicenter retrospective cohort study included nullipara women who delivered at two units in Japan between 1 January 2013, and 31 December 2020. Singleton primipara (n = 3040) were categorized into two pre-pregnancy BMI groups: 25.0-<30.0, and ≥30.0 kg/m(2). Using multiple logistic regression analyses (reported as adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval), gestational weight gain effects on overall hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational hypertension, and pre-eclampsia were determined. Gestational weight gain increased hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (1.09, 1.03-1.16, p < 0.05) and pre-eclampsia risk (1.10, 1.01-1.20, p < 0.05) among the BMI 25.0-<30.0 kg/m(2) group and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy risk among the ≥30.0 kg/m(2) group (1.07, 1.00-1.05, p < 0.05). Using receiver operating characteristic curve analyses, among the BMI 25.0-<30.0 kg/m(2) group, for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (area under the curve [AUC], 0.63, p < 0.05) and pre-eclampsia (AUC, 0.62; p < 0.05), the weight gain cut-off was 10.5 and 10.6 kg, with sensitivity/specificity of 0.47/0.73 and 0.50/0.73, respectively. For the BMI ≥30.0 kg/m(2) group (AUC, 0.63, p < 0.05), the cut-off was 3.5 kg (sensitivity/specificity, 0.75/0.49). The optimal gestational weight gain for reducing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among women with a pre-pregnancy BMI > 25 kg/m(2) may facilitate personalized pre-conception counseling among women with obesity.
Feasibility of a Postpartum Web- and Phone-Based Lifestyle Program for Women with a History of Preeclampsia or Gestational Diabetes: A Pilot Intervention Study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of preeclampsia (PE) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Increased awareness of pregnancy complications as early warning signs for CVD has called for postpartum primordial prevention strategies. The aim of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of a postpartum web- and phone-based lifestyle program promoting healthy lifestyle behaviors to women after a pregnancy complicated by PE or GDM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Women with a validated history of PE or GDM were invited to participate in a nonrandomized pilot intervention study 3-12 months after delivery. The intervention was delivered over 6 months. All participants received tailored lifestyle counseling by a registered dietitian and access to information material on healthy lifestyle behaviors on the study's website. After inclusion, participants were invited to three study visits at baseline, 3 months, and 6 months. Feasibility outcomes included assessment of recruitment, retention, and acceptability. Secondary outcomes were changes in lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk factors. RESULTS: Of the 207 women invited, 44 were enrolled in the feasibility study and 40 women completed the intervention, corresponding to a recruitment rate of 21% and a retention rate of 91%. At the 3-month study visit, 94.6% of participants reported they had used the website. A total of 41.7% of the participants reported that they had achieved their personal goals during the intervention period. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggested the feasibility and potential acceptability of a web- and phone-based lifestyle intervention for mothers with recent PE or GDM. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: clinicaltrials.gov, www.clinicaltrials.gov, no. NCT03993145.
Symptomatic congenital cytomegalovirus disease following non-primary maternal infection: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Scarce data exist about screening, diagnosis and prognosis of non-primary Cytomegalovirus (CMV) during pregnancy. We aimed to examine antenatal diagnosis of maternal non-primary CMV infection and to identify risk factors for congenial CMV disease. METHODS: Retrospective cohort of 107 neonates with congenital symptomatic CMV infection, following either primary (n = 95) or non-primary (n = 12) maternal CMV infection. We compared the groups for the manifestations and severity of congenial CMV disease, as well as for possible factors associated with the risk of developing CMV related infant morbidity. RESULTS: Disease severity is not similar in affected newborns, with a higher incidence of abnormal brain sonographic findings, following primary versus non-primary maternal CMV infection (76.8% vs. 8.3%, p < .001). Symptomatic congenital CMV disease following a non-primary infection is more frequent if gestational hypertensive disorders and/or gestational diabetes mellitus have ensued during pregnancy (33.3% vs. 9.9%, p <0.038), as well as if any medications were taken throughout gestation (50% vs. 16.8%, p <0.016). CMV-IgM demonstrates a low detection rate for non-primary maternal infection during pregnancy compared to primary infection (25% vs. 75.8%, p = 0.0008). CONCLUSION: Non-primary maternal CMV infection has an impact on the neonate. Although not readily diagnosed during pregnancy, knowledge of risk factors may aid in raising clinical suspicion.
Metabolic abnormalities and obesity's impact on the risk for developing preeclampsia.; Preeclampsia (PE), a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, is increasing as a major contributor to perinatal and long-term morbidity of mother and offspring. PE is thought to originate from ischemic insults in the placenta driving the release of prohypertensive anti-angiogenic [soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1)] and proinflammatory [tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α)] factors into the maternal circulation. Whereas the increased incidence of PE is hypothesized to be largely due to the obesity pandemic, the mechanisms whereby obesity increases this risk are unknown. The maternal endothelium is targeted by placental and adipose tissue-derived factors like sFlt-1 and TNF-α that promote hypertension during pregnancy, resulting in vascular dysfunction and hypertension. Interestingly, not all obese pregnant women develop PE. Data suggest that obese pregnant women with the greatest metabolic abnormalities have the highest incidence of PE. Identifying obesity-related mechanisms driving hypertension in some obese pregnant women and pathways that protect normotensive obese pregnant women, may uncover novel protocols to treat PE. Metabolic abnormalities, such as increased circulating leptin, glucose, insulin, and lipids, are likely to increase the risk for PE in obese women. It is not only important to understand whether each of these metabolic factors contribute to the increased risk for PE in obesity, but also their cumulative effects. This is particularly relevant to obese pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) where all of these factors are increased and the risk for PE is highest. It is speculated that these factors potentiate the anti-angiogenic and proinflammatory mechanisms of placental ischemia-induced vascular dysfunction thereby contributing to the increasing incidence of PE.
Impact of vitamin D on pregnancy-related disorders and on offspring outcome.; Observational studies from all over the world continue to find high prevalence rates of vitamin D insufficiency and deficiency in many populations, including pregnant women. Beyond its classical function as a regulator of calcium and phosphate metabolism, vitamin D elicits numerous effects in the human body. Current evidence highlights a vital role of vitamin D in mammalian gestation. During pregnancy, adaptations in maternal vitamin D metabolism lead to a physiologic increase of vitamin D levels, mainly because of an increased renal production, although other potential sources like the placenta are being discussed. A sufficient supply of mother and child with calcium and vitamin D during pregnancy ensures a healthy bone development of the fetus, whereas lack of either of these nutrients can lead to the development of rickets in the child. Moreover, vitamin D insufficiency during pregnancy has consistently been associated with adverse maternal and neonatal pregnancy outcomes. In multitudinous studies, low maternal vitamin D status was associated with a higher risk for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and other gestational diseases. Likewise, several negative consequences for the fetus have been reported, including fetal growth restriction, increased risk of preterm birth and a changed susceptibility for later-life diseases. However, study results are diverging and causality has not been proven so far. Meta-analyses on the relationship between maternal vitamin D status and pregnancy outcomes revealed a wide heterogeneity of studied populations and the applied methodology in vitamin D assessment. Until today, clinical guidelines for supplementation cannot be based on high-quality evidence and it is not clear if the required intake for pregnant women differs from non-pregnant women. Long-term safety data of vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women has not been established and overdosing of vitamin D might have unfavorable effects, especially in mothers and newborns with mutations of genes involved in vitamin D metabolism. Reliable data from large observational and interventional randomized control trials are urgently needed as a basis for any detailed and safe recommendations for supplementation in the general population and, most importantly, in pregnant women. This is of utmost importance, as ensuring a sufficient vitamin D-supply of mother and child implies a great potential for the prevention of birth complications and development of diseases.
The health effects of moderate alcohol intake in humans: an epidemiologic review.; A large body of scientific evidence associates the moderate intake of alcohol with reduced mortality among middle-aged and older people in industrialized societies. This association is due largely to a reduced risk of death from coronary heart disease, which appears to outweigh any possible adverse effects of moderate drinking. The regular consumption of small amounts of alcohol is more healthful than the sporadic consumption of larger amounts. No beneficial effect of moderate drinking on mortality has been demonstrated in young adults (premenopausal women and men who have not reached their forties). It is theoretically possible that moderate drinking in young adulthood might reduce the risk of later heart disease; however, this has not been clearly demonstrated. For some individuals (e.g., those who cannot keep their drinking moderate, pregnant women, and those who are taking medications that may interact adversely with alcoholic beverages), the risks of alcohol consumption, even in moderation, outweigh any potential benefits. Because even small amounts of alcohol can impair judgment and coordination, no one should drink alcoholic beverages, even in moderation, before driving a motor vehicle or performing other activities that involve attention and skill.
Potential of Metformin to Improve Cardiac Risk in Postpartum Women with Gestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy is associated with an increase in total cholesterol, high density lipoproteins (HDL), and low-density lipoproteins (LDL). Postpartum, HDL and LDL decrease over the first 12 weeks postpartum. Oxidized LDL (ox-LDL) is a marker of oxidative stress-related inflammation, which is associated with obesity and also with development of cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular protection and weight loss are benefits from metformin, especially in women with diabetes. The objective of this study was to compare changes in lipid profiles and biomarkers for obesity during the initial 6 weeks postpartum between women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with metformin versus placebo. METHODS: This was a planned ancillary study of a randomized controlled trial compares metformin versus placebo in women with GDM for postpartum weight loss. Two 3 mL blood samples were collected within 24 h of delivery and 6 weeks postpartum immediately processed after collection then stored at -20°C until completion of clinical trial prior to analysis. Change in the median plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL, ox-LDL, glucose, insulin, leptin, and unacylated ghrelin were compared between study groups. RESULTS: Of the 77 postpartum women were included, 35 received metformin and 42 received placebo. There was less of a reduction in HDL in the metformin group compared to placebo (-2.3 versus -7.5 mg/dL, p = 0.019). In addition, there was a greater reduction in ox-LDL in those receiving metformin (-12.2 versus -3.8 mg/dL, p = 0.038). No other differences were observed in the selected biomarkers evaluated. CONCLUSION: Biomarker levels of HDL and ox-LDL were positively affected during the initial 6 weeks postpartum in GDM women treated with metformin. Additional studies with a longer duration of metformin treatment in the postpartum period are warranted to evaluate long-term potential benefits.
The relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIM: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and GDM remains unclear. The present study evaluates and compares EFT using transthoracic echocardiography in pregnant women with GDM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 129 pregnant women in the third trimester: 65 with GDM (GDM group) and 64 with uncomplicated pregnancies (control group). As defined by the World Health Organization, the diagnosis of GDM was based on an abnormal 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. We used echocardiography to measure EFT in blood samples for all the participants. RESULTS: The postprandial blood glucose level was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P < 0.001). There were no significant differences in BMI, heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure or lipid parameters between the groups. In the GDM group, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) parameters were significantly higher than in the control group. EFT was significantly higher in the GDM group (P < 0.001) and was correlated with postprandial glucose, BMI, age, and heart rate in both the groups. Only postprandial glucose and BMI remained significantly associated with EFT after multiple stepwise regression analysis. CONCLUSION: Echocardiographically measured EFT was significantly higher in the patients with GDM. The findings show that EFT was strongly correlated with postprandial glucose.
Emotional Prosodies Processing and Its Relationship With Neurodevelopment Outcome at 24 Months in Infants of Diabetic Mothers.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications of pregnancy. Hyperglycemia of pregnancy is a risk not only for later obesity of the offspring but also do harm to their neurodevelopment from fetus. An ERP research has shown that children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) was characterized by impaired semantic processing. In this study, we used event-related potential (ERP) to assess the procession of different emotional prosodies (happy, fearful, and angry) in neonates of diabetic mothers, compared to the healthy term infants. And to explore whether the ERP measure has potential value for the evaluation of neurodevelopmental outcome in later childhood. A total of 43 full-term neonates were recruited from the neonatology department of Peking University First Hospital from December 1, 2017 to April 30, 2019. They were assigned to infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) group (n = 23) or control group (n = 20) according to their mother's oral glucose tolerance test's (OGTT) result during pregnancy. Using an oddball paradigm, ERP data were recorded while subjects listened to deviation stimulus (20%, happy/fearful/angry prosodies) and standard stimulus (80%, neutral prosody) to evaluate the potential prognostic value of ERP indexes for neurodevelopment at 24 months of age. Results showed that 1) mismatch response (MMR) amplitudes in IDM group were lower than the control; 2) lower MMR amplitude to fearful prosody at frontal lobe was a high risk for increased Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers (M-CHAT) scores at 24 months. These findings suggests that hyperglycemia of pregnancy may influence the ability to process emotional prosodies in neonatal brain; it could be reflected by decreased MMR amplitude in response to fearful prosody. Moreover, the decreased MMR amplitude at the frontal lobe may indicated an increased risk of ASD.
Maternal gestational weight gain and offspring's risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of maternal gestational weight gain (GWG) on adult offspring mortality, cardiovascular morbidity and cerebrovascular morbidity. METHODS: The Aberdeen Children of the Nineteen Fifties (ACONF) is a population-based cohort of adults born in Aberdeen, Scotland between 1950 and 1956. GWG of the mothers of cohort members was extracted from original birth records and linked to the data on offspring morbidity and mortality up to 2011 obtained from Scottish national records. HRs for cardiovascular events and mortality in offspring according to maternal weight gain in pregnancy were estimated adjusting for maternal and offspring confounders using a restricted cubic spline model. RESULTS: After exclusions, 3781 members of the original ACONF cohort were analysed. Of these, 103 (2.7%) had died, 169 (4.5%) had suffered at least one cardiovascular event and 73 (1.9%) had had a hospital admission for cerebrovascular disease. Maternal weight gain of 1 kg/week or more was associated with increased risk of cerebrovascular event in the offspring (adjusted HR 2.70 (95% CI 1.19 to 6.12)). There was no association seen between GWG and offspring's all-cause mortality or cardiovascular event. Adult offspring characteristics (smoking, body mass index (BMI) and diabetes) were strongly associated with each outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal GWG above 0.9 kg/week may increase the risk of cerebrovascular disease in the adult offspring, but not all-cause mortality or cardiovascular disease. Health and lifestyle factors such as smoking, BMI and diabetes in the adult offspring had a stronger influence than maternal and birth characteristics on their mortality and morbidity.
Dysfunctional Uterine Activity in Labour and Premature Adverse Cardiac Events: Population-Based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: There exist structural and physiological commonalities between myometrial and myocardial tissue, and each can become dysfunctional, such as in the presence of cardiometabolic factors. METHODS: This population-based cohort study was comprised of 1,608,720 women with ≥ 1 singleton hospital live birth at 24-41 weeks' gestation in Ontario, from 1992 to 2016. The main exposure was prolonged first stage of labour; secondary exposure was prolonged second stage of labour. The main outcome was a composite of heart failure, cardiomyopathy or dysrhythmia ≥ 1 day after the index delivery. Cox proportional hazard regression was used to generate a hazard ratio (HR), adjusted for maternal age, parity, obstructed labour or fetal malposition, preeclampsia, income quintile, rural residence, preterm birth, and infant birth weight-each at the time of delivery; time-varying drug/tobacco use, obesity, diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, kidney disease, dyslipidemia-each diagnosed before or at time of delivery; as well as newly diagnosed coronary artery disease or congenital heart disease arising ≥ 1 day after the index delivery. RESULTS: After a median follow-up of 10.5 and 14.0 years, respectively, there were 78 composite cardiac events (2.33 per 10,000 person-years) among women with prolonged first stage of labour vs 4114 events (2.30 per 10,000 person-years) among those without prolonged labour-a crude HR of 1.07 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.86-1.34) and an adjusted HR of 1.09 (95% CI, 0.87-1.36). Women with prolonged second stage of labour had an adjusted HR of 0.86 (95% CI, 0.75-0.99) for the composite outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Women with prolonged labour do not appear to be at a higher short-term risk of cardiac outcomes.
Oxytocin and diabetes mellitus: a strong biochemical relation. Review.; Oxytocin (OXT) is a neurohypophysial hormone which is synthesized in the paraventricular and supraoptic nuclei of the hypothalamus. OXT is currently attracting considerable attention because it has been discovered that it regulates various functions of behavior especially in the context of social interactions. OXT is a key component in bone formation, glycemia, male sexuality, cardiac differentiation and pregnancy and thus it is important to be further explored. The authors review various aspects of gestational diabetes, including definition, screening, diagnostic procedures, complications, clinical evaluation, indications of delivery and neonatal aspects. Not only the relation among diabetes mellitus, oxytocin and neurophysiology concerning erectile dysfunction, but also the role of OXT in the activity of arginine and vasopressin is investigated. It is imperative to develop technological and experimental methods that will be able to reveal the oxytocin and its potential.
Risk Factors, Imaging Findings, and Sex Differences in Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection.; Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) is increasingly being recognized. However, data supporting diagnosis and management are scarce. We analyze a contemporary and comprehensive SCAD registry to advance the understanding of SCAD risk factors, angiographic appearance, and gender differences. This is a retrospective analysis of a prospectively populated database of SCAD patients seen at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) between June 2013 and October 2017. Core laboratory analysis of both coronary angiograms and computerized tomographic (CT) angiography of the extracoronary vessels was performed. Of the 113 patients, 87% were female and mean age was 47 ± 10 years. Traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and smoking were present in 27%, 14%, and 22% of patients. Among females, 14%, 8%, and 9% had a history of gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes, respectively. Fifteen percent had used fertility treatment and 47% of postmenopausal women had used hormone replacement therapy. Angiography showed multivessel SCAD in 42%, severe coronary artery tortuosity in 59%, and extracoronary vascular abnormalities in 100% of patients with complete CT angiographic imaging. Gender differences revealed a self-reported depression and anxiety prevalence of 20% and 32%, respectively, in women compared with 0% in men. Type 1 SCAD was more commonly diagnosed in men than women (71% vs 29%, p <0.01). In conclusion, we highlight under-recognized features of SCAD including (1) relation with pregnancy complications and exposure to hormonal therapy; (2) diffuse, multivessel process in tortuous coronaries on a background of extracoronary arterial abnormalities; and (3) gender differences highlighting the role of mental health as well as potential underdiagnoses in men.
Effects of Cardiac Hypertrophy, Diabetes, Aging, and Pregnancy on the Cardioprotective Effects of Postconditioning in Male and Female Rats.; BACKGROUND: Aging, left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH), diabetes mellitus, and pregnancy are well-recognized risk factors that increase the prevalence of cardio-ischemic events and are linked to poor clinical recovery following acute myocardial infarction. The coexistence of these risk factors with ischemic heart disease (IHD) deteriorates disease prognosis and could potentially lead to fatal arrhythmias and heart failure. The objective of this study was to investigate the vulnerability of hearts with aging, LVH, diabetes, and pregnancy to ischemic insult and their response to pacing postconditioning- (PPC-) induced heart protection. METHODS: Hearts isolated from aged, spontaneously hypertensive and diabetic male and female rats and hearts from pregnant female rats (n=8 per group) were subjected to coronary occlusion followed by reperfusion using a modified Langendorff system. Hemodynamics data were computed digitally, and cardiac damage was accessed by measurements of infarct size and cardiac enzyme release. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in the vulnerability of all hearts to ischemic insult compared to their respective controls. PPC improved cardiac hemodynamics and reduced infarct size and cardiac enzyme release in hearts isolated from aged and spontaneously hypertensive female rats and female rats with hypertrophied hearts subjected to PPC (P < 0.001). Aged or hypertrophied male hearts were not protected by PPC maneuver. Moreover, the protective effects of PPC were lost in diabetic male and female hearts although retained in hearts from pregnant rats. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate that aging, LVH, diabetes mellitus, and pregnancy do not affect cardiac vulnerability to ischemic insult. Moreover, PPC mediates cardioprotection in a gender-specific manner in aged and spontaneously hypertensive rats. Diabetes mellitus provokes the protective effects of PPC on both genders equally. Finally, we demonstrate that PPC is a new cardioprotective maneuver in hearts from pregnant female rats.
The RhoA guanine exchange factor ABR: a glucose-sensitive mediator of actin reorganization in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells altered by gestational diabetes mellitus.; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) programs the fetus, increasing offspring risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease later in life. Hyperglycaemia is widely recognized as the driving force of diabetes-induced programming. We have previously shown that GDM exposure alters DNA methylation and gene expression associated with actin remodelling in primary feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we hypothesized that hyperglycaemic insults underlie programmed changes in fpEC morphology and actin organization by GDM. Therefore, arterial fpECs isolated after normal and GDM pregnancy, as well as normal fpECs that were exposed to hyperglycaemia in vitro, were analysed for the effect of GDM and hyperglycaemia on actin organization and network formation. Integration of gene expression and DNA methylation data identified the RhoA activator active BCR-related (ABR) as programmed by GDM and altered by in vitro hyperglycaemia. ABR silencing in GDM-exposed cells reduced RhoA activity by 34 ± 26% (P = 0.033) and restored normal fpEC phenotype. In fact, in vitro hyperglycaemia induced a similar fpEC phenotype as intrauterine exposure to GDM, i.e. round morphology and increased network formation on Matrigel by 34 ± 33% (P = 0.022) vs. 22 ± 20% for GDM (P = 0.004). Thus, we identified ABR as a novel glucose sensitive regulator of actin organization and cell shape, programmed by GDM and upregulated by hyperglycaemia. Identification of mechanisms induced by hyperglycaemia and affecting endothelial function in the long term will contribute to understanding GDM-induced programming of offspring endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. Future studies could focus on investigating the prevention or reversal of such malprogramming. KEY POINTS: In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects future health of the offspring, with an increased risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease in later life. GDM alters DNA methylation and expression of ABR in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC), a model for endothelial cells exposed to the intrauterine environment of the fetus. GDM phenotype of fpECs is also induced by hyperglycaemia in vitro, and is characterized by altered actin organization and cell shape, which can be restored by ABR silencing. Revealing the cellular mechanisms induced by GDM and hyperglycaemia is important for understanding the mechanisms of how these conditions disturb endothelial function in the offspring.
Grand multiparity: obstetric performance in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, Kano, Nigeria.; OBJECTIVE: The objective was to review the obstetric performance of booked grand multiparae. DESIGN AND SETTING: A 5-year prospective observational study of cases between January 1, 2002, and December 31, 2006, was conducted in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, a tertiary institution, in Kano, Nigeria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The antenatal complications and pregnancy outcomes among booked grand mulitparous women (pregnancy after fifth delivery), who delivered in our labor ward, were compared with those of the booked mulitparae (parae 1-4) who delivered immediately after a grand multipara. OUTCOME MEASURES: These were obstetric factors of maternal age and parity, antepartum hemorrhage, fetal malpresentations, and multiple pregnancy. Medical complications were gestational diabetes, hypertension, anemia, and heart disease. Pregnancy outcomes measured were gestational age at delivery, birth weight, mode of delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal and perinatal mortality. RESULTS: The age range of the grand multiparae was between 22 and 43 years, with a mean age of 29.72 + 2.07 years. The parity range was between 5 and 15, with a mean parity of 7.78 + 0.63. There was increased occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 12.55, CI = 6.72-23.91), hypertension (OR = 3.07, CI = 2.07-4.59), heart disease (OR = 2.01, CI = 0.70-6.08), anemia (OR = 3.16, CI = 1.42-7.24), antepartum hemorrhage (OR = 2.18, CI = 1.22-3.92), fetal malpresentations (OR = 3.04, CI = 2.38-3.88), cephalopelvic disproportion (OR = 2.09, CI = 1.33-3.29), and fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.27, CI = 1.72-3.00) among the grand multiparae compared with multiparae. CONCLUSION: The effects of these complications were minimized by good antenatal care.
Current status of long-term follow-up system for women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: the HDP-PPAP study (HDP-Postpartum in Aomori prefecture study).; OBJECTIVE: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), especially those with gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, are more likely to develop hypertension, cerebrovascular disease, ischemic heart disease, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and chronic kidney disease later in life. However, the risk of lifestyle-related diseases in the immediate postpartum period among Japanese women with preexisting HDP is unclear, and a follow-up system for women with preexisting HDP has not been established in Japan. The purpose of this study was to examine the risk factors for lifestyle-related diseases in Japanese women in the immediate postpartum period and the usefulness of HDP follow-up outpatient clinics based on the situation of the HDP follow-up outpatient clinic at our hospital. METHOD: We included 155 women with a history of HDP who visited our outpatient clinic between April 2014 and February 2020. We examined the reasons for dropout during the follow-up period. We also examined the number of new cases of lifestyle-related diseases and compared Body Mass Index(BMI), blood pressure values, and blood and urine test results at 1 and 3 years postpartum in 92 women who had been continuously followed for more than 3 years postpartum. RESULTS: The average age of our patient cohort was 34.8 ± 4.5 years. A total of 155 women with previous HDP were continuously followed for more than 1 year, of whom 23 had new pregnancies, and eight had recurrent HDP (recurrence rate 34.8%). Of the 132 patients who were not newly pregnant, 28 dropped out during follow-up, the most common reason being that the patient did not show up. The patients in this study developed hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidemia within a short period. Both systolic and diastolic blood pressures were at normal high levels at 1-year postpartum, and BMI significantly increased at 3 years postpartum. Blood tests revealed significant deterioration in creatinine (Cre), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and γ-glutamyl transpeptidase (γGTP) levels. CONCLUSION: In this study, women with preexisting HDP were found to have developed hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia several years postpartum. We also found a significant increase in BMI and worsening of Cre, eGFR, and γGTP levels at 1 and 3 years postpartum. Although the 3-year follow-up rate at our hospital was relatively good (78.8%), some women discontinued follow-up due to self-interruption or relocation, suggesting the need to establish a nationwide follow-up system.
Mechanical Properties of Large Arteries in Mother and Fetus during Normal and Diabetic Pregnancy.; > Objective: To assess the influence of diabetes mellitus on the mechanical wall properties of large maternal and fetal arteries in pregnant women. Methods: Prospective serial monitoring of arterial wall characteristics, using ultrasonic phase-locked tracking of vessel diameters and oscillometric brachial blood pressure measurements. Ten pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 15 with gestational diabetes were studied and compared with 20 women in uncomplicated gestation. Results: In women with uncomplicated pregnancy, the stiffness index and the elastic modulus of the maternal aorta were lower (both P < 0.05), whereas the pulse amplitude and the strain were higher (both P < 0.05) in the 12th gestational week than in the 6th week postpartum. These differences did not appear in pregnancy complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes. In early gestation, higher aortic stiffness index and elastic modulus (both P < 0.05) and lower pulse amplitude and strain (both P < 0.05) were recorded in gravidae with insulin-dependent diabetes compared with nondiabetic pregnant women; those with gestational diabetes were not detected in early pregnancy. No intergroup or intragroup differences of stiffness index and pulse amplitude were found in the carotid artery in corresponding gestational ages. In the fetal aorta, the pulse wave velocity increased during the third trimester of normal gestation (P < 0.05) but not in insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancy. Conclusion: The difference found concerning the aortic stiffness between women with insulin-dependent diabetes during pregnancy and those with uncomplicated pregnancy might be interpreted as an altered cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy in women with diabetes.
Determinants for Perinatal Mortality in South China: A Prospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the association of selected maternal and fetal characteristics with the risk of perinatal mortality in South China. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted from March 2013 to December 2019. The exposures of interest were maternal sociodemographic characteristics, lifestyle and habits during early pregnancy, and complications of pregnancy. Their effects on the development of perinatal death were analyzed in our study. RESULTS: A total of 44,048 eligible pregnant women were included in the analysis. Of these, 596 fetuses were perinatal deaths (perinatal mortality was 13.5 per 1,000 births). After adjustment, maternal obesity, being employed, history of gestational hypertension, taking antidepressants during early pregnancy, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, infertility drug treatment and assisted reproductive techniques, history of neonatal death, preterm birth, and congenital malformations all significantly increased the risk of perinatal death. Ethnic minority, income > 5,000, multiparous women, and cesarean section associated with reduced risk of perinatal death. CONCLUSION: Some factors of maternal sociodemographic characteristics, abnormal pregnancy history, lifestyle and habits during early pregnancy, and complications of pregnancy were associated with the risk of perinatal death.
Consumption of ultra-processed foods and health outcomes: a systematic review of epidemiological studies.; BACKGROUND: Consumption of ultra-processed foods (UPFs) plays a potential role in the development of obesity and other diet-related noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), but no studies have systematically focused on this. This study aimed to summarize the evidence for the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. METHODS: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science to identify all relevant studies. Epidemiological studies were included, and identified studies were evaluated for risk of bias.A narrative review of the synthesized findings was provided to assess the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. RESULTS: 20 studies (12 cohort and 8 cross-sectional studies) were included in the analysis, with a total of 334,114 participants and 10 health outcomes. In a narrative review, high UPFs consumption was obviously associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality, overall cardiovascular diseases, coronary heart diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, overweight and obesity, depression, irritable bowel syndrome, overall cancer, postmenopausal breast cancer, gestational obesity, adolescent asthma and wheezing, and frailty. It showed no significant association with cardiovascular disease mortality, prostate and colorectal cancers, gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational overweight. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicated a positive association between UPFs consumption and risk of several health outcomes. Large-scale prospective designed studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Preeclampsia: No longer solely a pregnancy disease.; Preeclampsia, the leading cause of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality, has been recently considered not only a pregnancy disease but also a risk factor for developing diseases later in life. Preeclampsia is becoming a disease of interest to internists and not just obstetricians. Women who have had preeclampsia seem to be at higher risk of premature death, mortality from ischemic heart disease, cardiovascular diseases including ischemic heart disease and hypertension, fatal and non-fatal stroke, venous thromboembolism, renal failure, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, and cognitive defects, although they appear surprisingly protected from cancer. Furthermore, having had preeclampsia is a problem not only for the mother's future health, but it also affects the offspring's adult health. Children born from preeclamptic pregnancies are more prone to hypertension, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus, neurological problems, stroke, and mental disorders along their life. Whether preeclampsia is a risk factor for disease later in life or it creates long-term organ damage is an intriguing question. This review analyzes recent epidemiological evidence of the long-term outcomes of preeclampsia and the background mechanisms of this phenomenon. Understanding the etiological background may provide guidance for the prevention and follow-up of women who experience preeclampsia.
Glucose Profiles in Pregnant Women After a Gastric Bypass : Findings from Continuous Glucose Monitoring.; BACKGROUND: The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) usually requires an oral glucose tolerance test, but this procedure seems inappropriate after gastric bypass surgery (Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB)) due to specific altered glycemic responses. We aimed here at describing continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) profile of pregnant women after RYGB. METHODS: CGM was performed in 35 consecutive pregnant women after RYGB at 26.2 ± 5 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: After RYGB, pregnant women display high postprandial interstitial glucose (IG) peaks and low IG before and 2 h after meals. The postprandial IG peak is reached early, within 54 ± 9 min. The maximum IG values reach 205 mg/dl, and the percentage of time above 140 mg/dl (6.6 ± 7 %) is similar to what is described in GDM women. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to describe CGM profile in pregnant women after RYGB. CGM features are similar to those of non-pregnant post-RYGB patients, characterized by wide and rapid changes in postprandial IG, and high exposure to hyperglycemia. The exposure to hyperglycemia is similar to what is reported in GDM although the time to postprandial peak is shorter. CGM could be an additional useful approach to screen for glucose intolerance during pregnancy after RYGB.
Obesity in pregnancy: problems and potential solutions.; Recent years have witnessed an increase in the prevalence of maternal obesity during pregnancy in the United States and worldwide. Obese women have increased risks for gestational problems, such as diabetes, hypertension, and pre-eclampsia. Further, gestational obesity can adversely impact fetal growth and result in macrosomia, congenital abnormalities, and even fetal death. Measures must be taken to reduce maternal adiposity, as even a modest weight loss during pregnancy is beneficial for the health of mothers and fetus. Calorie restriction and moderate exercise are proven safe methods of stopping weight gain and/or inducing white-fat loss in these subjects. Additionally, therapeutic drugs that activate the AMP-activated protein kinase signaling pathway may be effective in ameliorating pathological conditions in obese patients. Finally, dietary supplementation with L-arginine or its effective precursor (L-citrulline) may be beneficial for managing overweight or obese gestating women by reducing white-fat accretion. Because of ethical concerns over human studies, animal models (e.g., sheep, pigs, baboons, rats, and mice) are warranted to test novel hypotheses with enormous biological significance and clinical applications.
Association of maternal lipid profile and gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 292 studies and 97,880 women.; BACKGROUND: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is the most prevalent metabolic disorder during pregnancy, however, the association between dyslipidaemia and GDM remains unclear. METHODS: We searched Medline, Scopus, Web of Science, Cochrane, Maternity and Infant Care database (MIDIRS) and ClinicalTrials.gov up to February 2021 for relevant studies which reported on the circulating lipid profile during pregnancy, in women with and without GDM. Publications describing original data with at least one raw lipid [triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), or very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C)] measurement were retained. Data extraction was performed using a piloted data extraction form. The protocol was registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019139696). FINDINGS: A total of 292 studies, comprising of 97,880 pregnant women (28232 GDM and 69,648 controls) were included. Using random-effects meta-analysis models to pool study estimates, women with GDM had significantly higher (by 20%) TG levels, with a pooled weighted mean difference between GDM and non-GDM pregnancies of 0.388 mM (0.336, 0.439, p < 0.001). Further analyses revealed elevated TG levels occur in the first trimester and persist afterwards. Meta-regression analyses showed that differences in TG levels between women with GDM and healthy controls were significantly associated with age, BMI, study continent, OGTT procedure, and GDM diagnosis criteria. INTERPRETATION: Elevated lipids, particularly, TG, are associated with GDM.
Venous thromboembolism in pregnant women with sickle cell disease: a retrospective database analysis.; INTRODUCTION: The risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) is higher during pregnancy, with an incidence between 0.05 and 0.2%, and among persons with sickle cell disease (SCD), yet the rates and risk factors, such as pneumonia, vasooclusive crisis (VOC), and acute chest syndrome (ACS), associated with pregnancy-related VTE are not firmly established in SCD. METHODS: Inpatient hospital discharge data from 2007-2011 were obtained from the Pennsylvania Health Care Cost Containment Council to estimate the rate of VTE among African American delivery hospitalizations with SCD and to compare pregnancy complications and medical comorbidities among pregnant women with SCD. RESULTS: Among 212 hospitalized deliveries in African-American women with SCD, 6 (2.8%, 95% CI 1.0%-5.9%) had VTE compared to 0.05 to 2.0% in the general population. Risk factors for VTE included pneumonia and diabetes mellitus. Overall, the prevalence of VTE, among hospitalized deliveries in SCD women with pneumonia, VOC, and/or ACS, 6.6%, was significantly greater than among those without these conditions, 2.2%, p<0.001. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy-related VTE in women with SCD appears to be 1.5 to 5 times greater than pregnancy-related VTE in the general population. The higher prevalence of VTE among pregnant women with pneumonia, VOC, and/or ACS, and their potential clinical overlap, suggests that VTE may be missed in such women. We conclude that VTE in pregnant women with SCD may be more common than previously reported, and such women might be candidates for thromboprophylaxis.
Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and subsequent diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Cohort study on the association between hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) and postpartum diabetes is limited. This retrospective cohort study investigated the incidence of diabetes mellitus after delivery among women with HDP using claims data of a universal insurance system. METHODS: We defined the HDP group as women aged 19-40 years with their first HDP in 2003, excluding those with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, diabetes mellitus, or hypertension before the date of diagnosis with HDP. Women who had normal pregnancy without HDP were randomly chosen as our comparison group, frequency matched with age and index year of the HDP group. Both groups were followed until December 31, 2008 to evaluate the occurrence of diabetes. RESULTS: This study consisted of 1139 women with HDP cases and 4527 non-HDP pregnant women. Overall, the subsequent incidence of diabetes mellitus was 5.08-fold higher in the HDP group than in the non-HDP group, with an adjusted hazard ratio of 3.42 (95% confidence interval [CI], 2.07-5.64) after controlling for age, occupation, income, and comorbidity. The hazard ratio of developing diabetes increased to 39.5 (95% CI, 13.0-120.6) for women having HDP, hyperlipidemia, and obesity simultaneously. CONCLUSIONS: Women with HDP have a high risk of subsequent diabetes. HDP women with obesity and hyperlipidemia are at an extremely high risk of diabetes mellitus. Early identification of women with HDP is needed for prevention, particularly those with other comorbidities.
Deoxyhypusine hydroxylase as a novel pharmacological target for ischemic stroke via inducing a unique post-translational hypusination modification.; Ischemic stroke remains one of the leading causes of death worldwide, thereby highlighting the urgent necessary to identify new therapeutic targets. Deoxyhypusine hydroxylase (DOHH) is a fundamental enzyme catalyzing a unique posttranslational hypusination modification of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5A (eIF5A) and is highly involved in the progression of several human diseases, including HIV-1 infection, cancer, malaria, and diabetes. However, the potential therapeutic role of pharmacological regulation of DOHH in ischemic stroke is still poorly understood. Our study first discovered a natural small-molecule brazilin (BZ) with an obvious neuroprotective effect against oxygen-glucose deprivation/reperfusion insult. Then, DOHH was identified as a crucial cellular target of BZ using HuProt™ human proteome microarray. By selectively binding to the Cys232 residue, BZ induced a previously undisclosed allosteric effect to significantly increase DOHH catalytic activity. Furthermore, BZ-mediated DOHH activation amplified mitophagy for mitochondrial function and morphology maintenance via DOHH/eIF5A hypusination signaling pathway, thereby protecting against ischemic neuronal injury in vitro and in vivo. Collectively, our study first identified DOHH as a previously unreported therapeutic target for ischemic stroke, and provided a future drug design direction for DOHH allosteric activators using BZ as a novel molecular template.
A History of Preterm Delivery Is Associated with Aberrant Postpartal MicroRNA Expression Profiles in Mothers with an Absence of Other Pregnancy-Related Complications.; This prospective cross-sectional case-control study investigated the postpartal gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases in the peripheral white blood cells of women with anamnesis of preterm prelabor rupture of membranes (n = 58), spontaneous preterm birth (n = 55), and term delivery (n = 89) by a quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. After pregnancies complicated by preterm prelabor rupture of membranes or spontaneous preterm birth, mothers showed diverse expression profiles for 25 out of 29 tested microRNAs (miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p). The earliest gestational ages at delivery and the lowest birth weights of newborns were associated with the highest postpartal levels of the previously mentioned microRNAs in maternal peripheral white blood cells. Administration of tocolytic drugs in order to prolong pregnancy, used in order to administer and complete a full course of antenatal corticosteroids, was associated with alterations in postpartal microRNA expression profiles to a lesser extent than in women with imminent delivery, where there was insufficient time for administration of tocolytics and antenatal corticosteroids. Overall, mothers who did not receive tocolytic therapy (miR-24-3p and miR-146a-5p) and mothers who did not receive corticosteroid therapy (miR-1-3p, miR-100-5p, and miR-143-3p) had increased or showed a trend toward increased postpartal microRNA expression when compared with mothers given tocolytic and corticosteroid therapy. In addition, mothers with serum C-reactive protein levels above 20 mg/L, who experienced preterm labour, showed a trend toward increased postpartal expression profiles of miR-143-3p and miR-199a-5p when compared with mothers with normal serum C-reactive protein levels. On the other hand, the occurrence of maternal leukocytosis, the presence of intra-amniotic inflammation (higher levels of interleukin 6 in the amniotic fluid), and the administration of antibiotics at the time of preterm delivery had no impact on postpartal microRNA expression profiles in mothers with a history of preterm delivery. Likewise, the condition of the newborns at the moment of birth, determined by Apgar scores at 5 and 10 min and the pH of cord arterial blood, had no influence on the postpartal expression profiles of mothers with a history of preterm delivery. These findings may contribute to explaining the increased cardiovascular risk in mothers with anamnesis of preterm delivery, and the greater increase of maternal cardiovascular risk with the decrease of gestational age at delivery. Women with preterm delivery in their anamnesis represent a high-risk group with special needs on a long-term basis, with a need to apply preventive and therapeutic interventions as early as possible.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on lipid profile: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can have adverse effects on pregnancy. GDM is associated with changes in the lipid profile of pregnant women. Finding out the early ways to diagnose GDM can prevent the adverse outcomes. This meta-analysis study aimed to determine the effect of GDM on lipid profile. PubMed, ProQuest, Web of Science, Scopus, Science Direct, Google Scholar, and ClinicalTrial were systematically searched for published articles relating to GDM until 2021 according to PRISMA guidelines. Newcastle Ottawa scale was used to assess the quality of the studies. Thirty-three studies with a sample size of 23,792 met the criteria for entering the meta-analysis. Pooled standardized mean difference (SMD) for total cholesterol (TC) and triglyceride (TG) was 0.23 mg/dL (95% CI: 0.11-0.34) and 1.14 mg/dL (95% CI: 0.91-1.38), respectively. The mean of TC and TG in people with GDM was higher than that in normal pregnant women. A similar pattern was observed for the very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) and TG/high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, with pooled SMD of 0.99 mg (95% CI: 0.71-1.27) and 0.65 mg (95% CI: 0.36-0.94), respectively. Pooled SMD for HDL was -0.35 mg/dL (95% CI: -0.54 to -0.16), women with GDM had a mean HDL lower than normal pregnant women. Although pooled SMD was higher for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) in the GDM group, this difference was not significant (0.14 [95% CI: -0.04 to 0.32]). Of all the lipid profiles, the largest difference between the GDM and control groups was observed in TG (SMD: 1.14). Elevated serum TG had the strongest effect on GDM. Higher levels of TC, LDL, VLDL, and TG/HDL ratio, and lower level of HDL were exhibited in GDM group. So, these markers can be considered as a reliable marker in the diagnosis of GDM.
Serial evaluation for myocardial performance in fetuses and neonates using a new Doppler index.; BACKGROUND: Fetal echocardiography has been used for non-invasive evaluation of human fetal cardiac anatomy, function and hemodynamics. The Tei index, a new Doppler index known to be independent of both ventricular geometry and heart rate, has recently been applied to the evaluation of myocardial performance. METHODS: In the present study, the Tei index was prospectively and longitudinally determined in 50 normal fetuses, 35 fetuses with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), 30 fetuses of diabetic mothers (DM) and 20 normal infants. The Tei index of both left and right ventricles was calculated from a Doppler ventricular inflow and outflow trace using the following formula: Tei index = (ICT + IRT)/ET, where ICT is isovolumetric contraction time; IRT, isovolumetric relaxation time; and ET, ejection time). RESULTS: The Tei index of the left ventricle decreased linearly with advancing gestational age during 18-33 weeks and decreased acceleratively with increasing gestational age after 34 weeks. The index of the right ventricle decreased slightly and linearly with advancing gestational age during 18-41 weeks. In neonates, the Tci index of the left and right ventricle increased immediately and transitorily after birth and decreased and stabilized after 24 h of life. From 18 to 26 weeks of gestation, the Tei indices in fetuses with IUGR and of DM were not significantly different from controls. However, from 27 to 40 weeks of gestation, the Tei indices in both fetuses with IUGR and of DM were significantly greater than controls. CONCLUSIONS: This gradual decrease in the Tei index during gestation may represent the maturational or developmental alternation of myocardial performance in utero. Fetuses with IUGR and of DM may have abnormal myocardial performance in later gestation.
Pregnancy as a window to future health: maternal placental syndromes and short-term cardiovascular outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women. Identifying risk factors for future cardiovascular disease may lead to earlier lifestyle modifications and disease prevention. Additionally, interpregnancy development of cardiovascular disease can lead to increased perinatal morbidity in subsequent pregnancies. Identification and implementation of interventions in the short term (within 5 years of first pregnancy) may decrease morbidity in subsequent pregnancies. OBJECTIVE: We identified the short-term risk (within 5 years of first pregnancy) of cardiovascular disease among women who experienced a maternal placental syndrome, as well as preterm birth and/or delivered a small-for-gestational-age infant. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using a population-based, clinically enhanced database of women in the state of Florida. Nulliparous women and girls aged 15-49 years experiencing their first delivery during the study time period with no prepregnancy history of diabetes mellitus, hypertension, or heart or renal disease were included in the study. The risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease was compared among women who did and did not experience a placental syndrome during their first pregnancy. Risk was then reassessed among women with placental syndrome and preterm birth or delivering a small-for-gestational-age infant vs those without these adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: The final study population was 302,686 women and girls. Median follow-up time for each patient was 4.9 years. The unadjusted rate of subsequent cardiovascular disease among women and girls with any placental syndrome (11.8 per 1000 women) was 39% higher than the rate among women and girls without a placental syndrome (8.5 per 1000 women). Even after adjusting for sociodemographic factors, preexisting conditions, and clinical and behavioral conditions associated with the current pregnancy, women and girls with any placental syndrome experienced a 19% increased risk of cardiovascular disease (hazard ratio, 1.19; 95% confidence interval, 1.07-1.32). Women and girls with >1 placental syndrome had the highest cardiovascular disease risk (hazard ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-1.70), followed by those with eclampsia/preeclampsia alone (hazard ratio, 1.42; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-1.76). When placental syndrome was combined with preterm birth and/or small for gestational age, the adjusted risk of cardiovascular disease increased 45% (95% confidence interval, 1.24-1.71). Women and girls with placental syndrome who then developed cardiovascular disease experienced a 5-fold increase in health care-related costs during follow-up, compared to those who did not develop cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSION: Women and girls experiencing placental syndromes and preterm birth or small-for-gestational-age infant are at increased risk of subsequent cardiovascular disease in short-term follow-up. Strategies to identify and improve cardiovascular disease risk in the postpartum period may improve future heart disease outcomes.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Maternal Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factor Development: An Observational Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are nearly twice as likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) as those who are normotensive during pregnancy. However, the emergence of CVD risk factors after HDP is less well-understood. OBJECTIVE: To identify associations between HDP and maternal CVD risk factors and chart the trajectory of risk factor development after pregnancy. DESIGN: Observational cohort study. SETTING: United States. PARTICIPANTS: 58 671 parous NHS II (Nurses' Health Study II) participants who did not have CVD or risk factors of interest at baseline. MEASUREMENTS: Women were followed for self-reported physician diagnosis of chronic hypertension and hypercholesterolemia and confirmed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) from their first birth through 2013; mean follow-up ranged from 25 to 32 years across these end points. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models estimated hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs, with adjustment for prepregnancy confounders. RESULTS: Compared with women who were normotensive during pregnancy, those with gestational hypertension (2.9%) or preeclampsia (6.3%) in their first pregnancy had increased rates of chronic hypertension (HRs, 2.8 [95% CI, 2.6 to 3.0] and 2.2 [CI, 2.1 to 2.3], respectively), T2DM (HRs, 1.7 [CI, 1.4 to 1.9] and 1.8 [CI, 1.6 to 1.9], respectively), and hypercholesterolemia (HRs, 1.4 [CI, 1.3 to 1.5] and 1.3 [CI, 1.3 to 1.4], respectively). Although these women were more likely to develop CVD risk factors throughout follow-up, the relative risk for chronic hypertension was strongest within 5 years after their first birth. Recurrence of HDP further elevated risks for all end points. LIMITATION: Participants self-reported HDP. CONCLUSION: Women with HDP in their first pregnancy had increased rates of chronic hypertension, T2DM, and hypercholesterolemia that persisted for several decades. These women may benefit from lifestyle intervention and early screening to reduce lifetime risk for CVD. PRIMARY FUNDING SOURCE: National Institutes of Health.
Contraceptive Options Following Gestational Diabetes: Current Perspectives.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates approximately 7% of pregnancies in the United States. Along with risk factors related to pregnancy, women with a history of GDM also have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. These women require special consideration when discussing contraception and other reproductive health issues. GDM carries a category 1 rating in the US Medical Eligibility Criteria for all contraceptive methods, which supports safety of the various methods but does not account for effectiveness. Contraceptive options differ in composition and mechanisms of action, and concerns have been raised about possible effects of contraception on metabolism. Clinical evidence is limited to suggest that hormonal contraception has significantly adverse effects on body weight, lipid, or glucose metabolism. In addition, the majority of evidence does not suggest a relationship between development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and use of hormonal contraception. Data are limited, so it is challenging to make a broad, general recommendation regarding contraception for women with a history of GDM. A woman's history of GDM should be considered during contraceptive counseling. Discussion should focus on potential medical comorbidities and the implications of GDM on future health, with special consideration of issues including bone health, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and thrombosis risk. Providers must emphasize the importance of reliable, highly effective contraception for women with GDM, to optimize the timing of future pregnancies. This approach to comprehensive counseling will guide optimal decision-making on contraceptive use, lifestyle changes, and planning of subsequent pregnancies.
Sex differences in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: From traditional risk factors to sex-specific risk factors.; Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction has a higher prevalence in women versus men. There are several proposed mechanisms to explain this sex discrepancy including differences in cardiovascular adaptation to comorbidities and potential underlying etiologic mechanisms. In this review, we summarize sex differences in traditional risk factors, such as obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease, which contribute to the development of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women. Furthermore, we explore female-specific risk factors, such as sex hormones, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and other reproductive factors, which may explain the predominance of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women. Beyond sex differences in risk factors, there are also significant sex differences in outcomes with women reporting lower quality of life but overall better survival versus men. Finally, while treatment options for patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction are still limited, sex differences have also been reported for the available therapies, with suggestion of preferential benefit of specific heart failure with preserved ejection fraction therapies in women. Further work is required to better understand sex differences in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, including deeper understanding of pathophysiological mechanisms, derivation of more accurate risk stratification models, and increased representation of women in clinical trials.
Trial design and methodology for a non-restricted sequential multiple assignment randomized trial to evaluate combinations of perinatal interventions to optimize women's health.; Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) independently predict negative maternal and child health outcomes. To date, however, interventions that target GWG have not produced lasting improvements in maternal weight or health at 12-months postpartum. Given that interventions solely aimed at addressing GWG may not equip women with the skills needed for postpartum weight management, interventions that address health behaviors over the perinatal period might maximize maternal health in the first postpartum year. Thus, the current study leveraged a sequential multiple assignment randomized trial (SMART) design to evaluate sequences of prenatal (i.e., during pregnancy) and postpartum lifestyle interventions that optimize maternal weight, cardiometabolic health, and psychosocial outcomes at 12-months postpartum. Pregnant women (N = 300; ≤16 weeks pregnant) with overweight/obesity (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2)) are being recruited. Women are randomized to intervention or treatment as usual on two occasions: (1) early in pregnancy, and (2) prior to delivery, resulting in four intervention sequences. Intervention during pregnancy is designed to moderate GWG and introduce skills for management of weight as a chronic condition, while intervention in the postpartum period addresses weight loss. The primary outcome is weight at 12-months postpartum and secondary outcomes include variables of cardiometabolic health and psychosocial well-being. Analyses will evaluate the combination of prenatal and postpartum lifestyle interventions that optimizes maternal weight and secondary outcomes at 12-months postpartum. Optimizing the sequence of behavioral interventions to address specific needs during pregnancy and the first postpartum year can maximize intervention potency and mitigate longer-term cardiometabolic health risks for women.
Follow-up after gestational diabetes: a fixable gap in women's preventive healthcare.; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a known harbinger of future type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), hypertension, and cardiac disease. This population-based study was designed to identify gaps in follow-up care relevant to prevention of T2DM in a continuously insured sample of women diagnosed with GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We analyzed data spanning 2005-2015 from OptumLabs Data Warehouse, a comprehensive, longitudinal, real-world data asset with deidentified lives across claims and clinical information, to describe patterns of preventive care after GDM. Women with GDM were followed, from 1 year preconception through 3 years postdelivery to identify individual and healthcare systems characteristics, and report on GDM-related outcomes: postpartum glucose testing, transition to primary care for monitoring, GDM recurrence, and T2DM onset. RESULTS: Among 12 622 women with GDM, we found low rates of glucose monitoring in the recommended postpartum period (5.8%), at 1 year (21.8%), and at 3 years (51%). A minority had contact with primary care postdelivery (5.7% at 6 months, 13.2% at 1 year, 40.5% at 3 years). Despite increased population risk (GDM recurrence in 52.2% of repeat pregnancies, T2DM onset within 3 years in 7.6% of the sample), 70.1% of GDM-diagnosed women had neither glucose testing nor a primary care visit at 1 year and 32.7% had neither at 3 years. CONCLUSIONS: We found low rates of glucose testing and transition to primary care in this group of continuously insured women with GDM. Despite continuous insurance coverage, many women with a pregnancy complication that portends risk for future chronic illness fail to obtain follow-up testing and may have difficulty navigating between clinician specialties. Results point to a need for action to close the gap between obstetrics and primary care to ensure receipt of preventive monitoring as recommended by both the American Diabetes Association and the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
[Adiponectin as an adipose tissue hormone and its role in the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease].; Adiponectin, is a novel hormone secreted by the adipose tissue. This active protein plays a role in the regulation of whole body energy homeostasis. It enhances insulin sensitivity and has antiatherogenic properties, reduces hepatic glucose production, and diminishes gluconeogenesis. Adiponectin accelerates the oxidation process of fatty acids in muscle cells, reduces triglycerides plasma concentration. In addition, plasma adiponectin levels negatively correlated with BMI and fat content. Numerous analyses have indicated that hypoadiponectinemia is a consequence of the development of obesity in childhood. The adiponectin secretion in newborn children is higher than in older, an child small for gestational age has lower plasma concentration of this protein. Clinical studies suggest that adiponectin deficiency associates with gestational diabetes in women. However, serum adiponectin levels in type 1 diabetes have not been elucidated, probably factors other than glucose and insulin play a significant role in adiponectin secretion in type 1 diabetes.
Insulin resistance in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome.; With a prevalence of 5%-10% the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an exceptionally common disorder of premenopausal women. According to prospective studies, women with PCOS present abnormal glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus in 31%-35% and 7.5%-10%, respectively. PCOS patients have a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension, type 2 diabetes and dyslipidaemia. The rate of spontaneous abortions as well as the risk to develop gestational or type 2 diabetes is increased in PCOS. Therefore, PCOS is not only a reproductive problem but a complex endocrine disease with important health implications. The role of the glucose metabolism in PCOS, the health consequences and possible interventions are reviewed in this article.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Impacts on fetal neurodevelopment, gut dysbiosis, and the promise of precision medicine.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder affecting approximately 16.5% of pregnancies worldwide and causing significant health concerns. GDM is a serious pregnancy complication caused by chronic insulin resistance in the mother and has been associated with the development of neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. Emerging data support the notion that GDM affects both the maternal and fetal microbiome, altering the composition and function of the gut microbiota, resulting in dysbiosis. The observed dysregulation of microbial presence in GDM pregnancies has been connected to fetal neurodevelopmental problems. Several reviews have focused on the intricate development of maternal dysbiosis affecting the fetal microbiome. Omics data have been instrumental in deciphering the underlying relationship among GDM, gut dysbiosis, and fetal neurodevelopment, paving the way for precision medicine. Microbiome-associated omics analyses help elucidate how dysbiosis contributes to metabolic disturbances and inflammation, linking microbial changes to adverse pregnancy outcomes such as those seen in GDM. Integrating omics data across these different layers-genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, and microbiomics-offers a comprehensive view of the molecular landscape underlying GDM. This review outlines the affected pathways and proposes future developments and possible personalized therapeutic interventions by integrating omics data on the maternal microbiome, genetics, lifestyle factors, and other relevant biomarkers aimed at identifying women at high risk of developing GDM. For example, machine learning tools have emerged with powerful capabilities to extract meaningful insights from large datasets.
Offspring birthweight by gestational age and parental cardiovascular mortality: a population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate risk of parental cardiovascular disease mortality by offspring birthweight. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. SETTING AND POPULATION: Norwegian mothers and fathers with singleton births during 1967-2002 were followed until 2009 by linkage to the Norwegian cause of death registry. METHODS: Hazard ratios by offspring absolute birthweight in grams and birthweight adjusted for gestational age (z-score) were calculated using Cox regression and adjusted for parental age at delivery and year of first birth. Stratified analyses on preterm and term births were performed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal and paternal cardiovascular mortality. RESULTS: We followed 711 726 mothers and 700 212 fathers and found a strong link between maternal cardiovascular mortality and offspring birthweight but only slight evidence of associations in fathers. Adjusting birthweight for gestational age (by z-score) uncovered an unexpected strong association of large birthweight (z-score > 2.5) with mothers' cardiovascular mortality (hazard ratio 3.0, 95% CI 2.0-4.6). This risk was apparently restricted to preterm births. In stratified analyses (preterm and term births) hazard ratios for maternal cardiovascular mortality were 1.5 (1.03-2.2) for large preterm babies and 0.9 (0.7-1.2) for large term babies (P-value for interaction = 0.02), using normal weight preterm and term, respectively, as references. CONCLUSION: Women having large preterm babies are at increased risk of both diabetes and cardiovascular mortality. The birth of a large preterm baby should increase clinical vigilance for onset of diabetes and other cardiovascular disease risk factors. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Birth of a large preterm baby should increase vigilance for cardiovascular-disease risk factors.
Pregnancy in patients with Wegener's granulomatosis: report of five cases in three women.; Five cases of pregnancy occurring in three women with previously diagnosed Wegener's granulomatosis are described. The disease was diffuse in one case and localised in the other. Initial treatment consisted of a combination of corticosteroids and intravenous cyclophosphamide in two women, and methotrexate in one. Four pregnancies ended in live births despite pre-eclampsia in two cases. One therapeutic abortion was induced because of encephalocele. Comparable reported cases were reviewed to examine the implications of immunosuppressive treatment on the fetus. A relapse occurred during pregnancy in 40% of the cases, but in 25% if only pregnancies beginning during inactive disease were taken into account. No other indicator for maternal and fetal outcome was obvious. Pregnancy should be planned after complete disappearance of disease activity. In the case of a relapse a combination of immunosuppressive drugs and corticosteroids should be chosen rather than corticosteroids alone because the outcome of pregnancy is poor in cases of undertreatment. Prematurity remains common.
[Women and cardiovascular disease].; More women die of cardiovascular disease than men; in women, cardiovascular mortality is 1.5 times greater than cancer mortality. The pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease has female-specific aspects such as fragile coronary arteries and microvascular ischaemia. Women with acute coronary syndromes are more likely to present with atypical symptoms such as dyspnoea, nausea or fatigue. With regard to diagnostic tests in women, exercise ECG can be difficult to interpret and a normal coronary angiogram does not exclude coronary heart disease. Myocardial perfusion scintigraphy may be considered for high-risk women who are clinically suspected of having coronary heart disease and have a normal or inconclusive exercise ECG and angiogram. Women are less likely to be treated according to guidelines than men, and their prognosis after a myocardial infarction or a coronary intervention is worse. Female-specific aspects such as gestational hypertension and diabetes allow for early detection and treatment of women at risk for cardiovascular disease.
Early or late pregnancy loss and development of clinical cardiovascular disease risk factors: a prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association between the outcome of a woman's first pregnancy and risk of clinical cardiovascular disease risk factors. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING AND POPULATION: Nurses' Health Study II. METHODS: Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional hazards models were used to compute hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the associations between first pregnancy outcome and hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia. RESULTS: Compared to women who reported a singleton live first birth, women with early spontaneous abortion (<12 weeks) had a greater rate of type 2 diabetes (HR: 1.20; 95% CI: 1.07-1.34) and hypercholesterolemia (HR: 1.06; 95% CI: 1.02-1.10), and a marginally increased rate of hypertension (HR: 1.05, 95% CI: 1.00-1.11). Late spontaneous abortion (12-19 weeks) was associated with an increased rate of type 2 diabetes (HR: 1.38; 95% CI: 1.14-1.65), hypercholesterolemia (HR: 1.11; 95% CI: 1.03-1.19), and hypertension (HR: 1.15; 95% CI: 1.05-1.25). The rates of type 2 diabetes (HR: 1.45; 95% CI: 1.13-1.87) and hypertension (HR: 1.15; 95% CI: 1.01-1.30) were higher in women who delivered stillbirth. In contrast, women whose first pregnancy ended in an induced abortion had lower rates of hypertension (HR: 0.87; 95% CI: 0.84-0.91) and type 2 diabetes (HR: 0.89; 95% CI: 0.79-0.99) than women with a singleton live birth. CONCLUSIONS: Several types of pregnancy loss were associated with an increased rate of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, which may provide novel insight into the pathways through which pregnancy outcomes and CVD are linked. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Pregnancy loss is associated with later maternal risk of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia.
Mechanisms and Clinical Significance of Endothelial Dysfunction in High-Risk Pregnancies.; The maternal cardiovascular system undergoes critical anatomic and functional adaptations to achieve a successful pregnancy outcome which, if disrupted, can result in complications that significantly affect maternal and fetal health. Complications that involve the maternal cardiovascular system are among the most common disorders of pregnancy, including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and impaired fetal growth. As a central feature, maternal endothelial dysfunction is hypothesized to play a predominant role in mediating the pathogenesis of these high-risk pregnancies, and as such, might proceed and precipitate the clinical presentation of these pregnancy disorders. Improving or normalizing maternal endothelial function in high-risk pregnancies might be an effective therapeutic strategy to ameliorate maternal and fetal clinical outcomes.
Adiposity and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and related health outcomes in European ethnic minorities of Asian and African origin: a review.; BACKGROUND: Ethnic minorities in Europe have high susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and, in some groups, also cardiovascular disease (CVD). Pregnancy can be considered a stress test that predicts future morbidity patterns in women and that affects future health of the child. OBJECTIVE: TO REVIEW ETHNIC DIFFERENCES IN: 1) adiposity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy; 2) future risk in the mother of obesity, T2DM and CVD; and 3) prenatal development and possible influences of maternal obesity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia on offspring's future disease risk, as relevant for ethnic minorities in Europe of Asian and African origin. DESIGN: Literature review. RESULTS: Maternal health among ethnic minorities is still sparsely documented. Higher pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) is found in women of African and Middle Eastern descent, and lower BMI in women from East and South Asia compared with women from the majority population. Within study populations, risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considerably higher in many minority groups, particularly South Asians, than in the majority population. This increased risk is apparent at lower BMI and younger ages. Women of African origin have higher risk of pre-eclampsia. A GDM pregnancy implies approximately seven-fold higher risk of T2DM than normal pregnancies, and both GDM and pre-eclampsia increase later risk of CVD. Asian neonates have lower birth weights, and mostly also African neonates. This may translate into increased risks of later obesity, T2DM, and CVD. Foetal overgrowth can promote the same conditions. Breastfeeding represents a possible strategy to reduce risk of T2DM in both the mother and the child. CONCLUSIONS: Ethnic minority women in Europe with Asian and African origin and their offspring seem to be at increased risk of T2DM and CVD, both currently and in the future. Pregnancy is an important window of opportunity for short and long-term disease prevention.
Is There a Threshold Oral Glucose Tolerance Test Value for Predicting Adverse Pregnancy Outcome?; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to determine whether there is a threshold 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) value associated with accelerated risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: In a secondary analysis of a cohort of women with untreated mild gestational glucose intolerance, we used generalized additive models with smoothing splines to explore nonlinear associations between each of the 3-hour OGTT values (fasting, 1-hour, 2-hour, and 3-hour) and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including the study's composite outcome (perinatal mortality, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, neonatal hyperinsulinemia, and/or birth trauma), large for gestational age birth weight, small for gestational age birth weight, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hypoglycemia, gestational hypertension (gHTN), and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Among the 1,360 eligible women, each timed OGTT value was linearly associated with increased odds of composite adverse outcome. We found evidence of a departure from linearity only for the association between fasting glucose and gHTN/preeclampsia, with a stronger association for values of 85 to 94 mg/dL (p = 0.03). We found no evidence of departure from linearity for any other OGTT values and measured outcomes (all chi-square test p-values ≥ 0.05). CONCLUSION: In a population of untreated women with mild gestational glucose intolerance and fasting OGTT < 95 mg/dL, we found an increasing risk of gHTN with a fasting glucose between 85 and 94 mg/dL.
Early life opportunities for prevention of diabetes in low and middle income countries.; BACKGROUND: The global burden of diabetes and other non-communicable diseases is rising dramatically worldwide and is causing a double poor health burden in low- and middle-income countries. Early life influences play an important part in this scenario because maternal lifestyle and conditions such as gestational diabetes and obesity affect the risk of diabetes in the next generation. This indicates important periods during the lifecourse when interventions could have powerful affects in reducing incidence of non-communicable diseases. However, interventions to promote diet and lifestyle in prospective parents before conception have not received sufficient attention, especially in low- and middle-income countries undergoing socio-economic transition. DISCUSSION: Interventions to produce weight loss in adults or to reduce weight gain in pregnancy have had limited success and might be too late to produce the largest effects on the health of the child and his/her later risk of non-communicable diseases. A very important factor in the prevention of the developmental component of diabetes risk is the physiological state in which the parents enter pregnancy. We argue that the most promising strategy to improve prospective parents' body composition and lifestyle is the promotion of health literacy in adolescents. Multiple but integrated forms of community-based interventions that focus on nutrition, physical activity, family planning, breastfeeding and infant feeding practices are needed. They need to address the wider social economic context in which adolescents live and to be linked with existing public health programmes in sexual and reproductive health and maternal and child health initiatives. SUMMARY: Interventions aimed at ensuring a healthy body composition, diet and lifestyle before pregnancy offer a most effective solution in many settings, especially in low- and middle-income countries undergoing socio-economic transition. Preparing a mother, her partner and her future child for "the 1000 days", whether from planned or unplanned conception would break the cycle of risk and demonstrate benefit in the shortest possible time. Such interventions will be particularly important in adolescents and young women in disadvantaged groups and can improve the physiological status of the fetus as well as reduce the prevalence of pregnancy conditions such as gestational diabetes mellitus which both predispose to non-communicables diseases in both the mother and her child. Pre-conception interventions require equipping prospective parents with the necessary knowledge and skills to make healthy lifestyle choices for themselves and their children. Addressing the promotion of such health literacy in parents-to-be in low- and middle-income countries requires a wider social perspective. It requires a range of multisectoral agencies to work together and could be linked to the issues of women's empowerment, to reproductive health, to communicable disease prevention and to the Millennium Development Goals 4 and 5.
Occurrence of the Bezold-Jarisch reflex during Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia--a case report.; We report a 35-year-old parturient with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) history who sustained a nearly fatal Bezold-Jarisch reflex during Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. A high spinal block combined with acute massive hemorrhage may produce life-threatening Bezold-Jarisch reflex which should be treated prophylactically and aggressively during surgery. Additionally, the autonomic disturbance associated with GDM might exaggerate the reflex in this episode. The patient survived after successful resuscitation and was discharged without any sequela.
One risk assessment tool for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease.; OBJECTIVE: Individuals at high risk for chronic cardiometabolic disease (cardiovascular disease [CVD], type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease [CKD]) share many risk factors and would benefit from early intervention. We developed a nonlaboratory-based risk-assessment tool for identification of people at high cardiometabolic disease risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Data of three population-based cohorts from different regions of the Netherlands were merged. Participants were 2,840 men and 3,940 women, white, aged 28-85 years, free from CVD, type 2 diabetes, and CKD diagnosis at baseline. The outcome was developing cardiometabolic disease during 7 years follow-up. RESULTS: Age, BMI, waist circumference, antihypertensive treatment, smoking, family history of myocardial infarction or stroke, and family history of diabetes were significant predictors, whereas former smoking, history of gestational diabetes, and use of lipid-lowering medication were not. The models showed acceptable calibration (Hosmer and Lemeshow statistics, P > 0.05) and discrimination (area under the receiver operating characteristic [ROC] curve 0.82 [95% CI 0.81-0.83] for women and 0.80 [0.78-0.82] for men). Discrimination of individual outcomes was lowest for diabetes (area under the ROC curve 0.70 for men and 0.73 for women) and highest for CVD mortality (0.83 for men and 0.85 for women). CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrate that a single risk stratification tool can identify people at high risk for future CVD, type 2 diabetes, and/or CKD. The present risk-assessment tool can be used for referring the highest risk individuals to health care for further (multivariable) risk assessment and may as such serve as an important part of prevention programs targeting chronic cardiometabolic disease.
Impact of breastfeeding duration on coagulation in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: Breastfeeding is associated with a reduced maternal risk for cardiovascular diseases. Since the underlying mechanisms are still poorly understood, we here examined the impact of breastfeeding on the plasmatic coagulation system in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: 76 participants of the German Gestational Diabetes Study (PREG; NCT04270578) were examined 14 [interquartile range: 12-26] months after delivery with a 5-point oral glucose tolerance test. Global coagulation tests, prothrombotic coagulation proteins (FII/FVII/FVIII/FIX), antithrombotic proteins (antithrombin, protein C/S) and endothelial markers (von-Willebrand-factor and PAI-1) were determined. The Framingham Risk Score was used to estimate the 10-year cardiovascular risk. The impact of breastfeeding duration on coagulation was analyzed using multivariable linear models. RESULTS: The mean duration of breastfeeding was 11 [7-14] months. Overall, longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower cardiovascular risk (Framingham Risk Score, p=0.05) and was negatively associated with FIX (p=0.018). We detected an interaction between previous GDM and breastfeeding duration for FIX (pInteraction=0.017): only in women with GDM history was the duration of breastfeeding negatively associated with FIX activity (p=0.016). This association persisted in statistical models adjusted for age, body-mass index, insulin sensitivity, and C-reactive protein. The duration of breastfeeding was not associated with anticoagulant proteins and endothelial markers. CONCLUSION: Longer duration of breastfeeding is associated with lower cardiovascular risk and an improved coagulation profile. Women with GDM history appear to benefit particularly from prolonged breastfeeding.
Association Between Isolated Single Umbilical Artery and Perinatal Outcomes: A Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND To evaluate the association between the isolated single umbilical artery (iSUA) and perinatal outcomes, including pregnancy outcomes and perinatal complications. MATERIAL AND METHODS We performed a meta-analysis of 15 eligible studies regarding the relationship between the iSUA and perinatal outcomes, including gestational age at delivery, nuchal cord, placental weight, small for gestational age (SGA), oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, and perinatal mortality. The overall odds ratios (OR) or standardized mean difference (SMD) were calculated. RESULTS The occurrence of nuchal cord was not found to be different between an iSUA and a three-vessel cord (TVC) fetus. For perinatal complications, the SGA, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, GDM, and perinatal mortality showed dramatic difference between women with an iSUA and women with a TVC fetus, which implied that the presence of iSUA significantly increased the risk of perinatal complications. For other perinatal complications, such as PIH and preeclampsia, no significant association was detected. CONCLUSIONS Our meta-analysis suggests that the presence of iSUA would increase the risk of perinatal complications such as SGA, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, GDM, and perinatal mortality. Therefore, pregnant women with an iSUA fetus have poorer perinatal outcomes and more attention should be given to the management of their pregnancy compared to women with a TVC fetus.
NTPDase and 5'-nucleotidase activities in platelets of human pregnants with a normal or high risk for thrombosis.; The nucleotide degrading enzymes, ectonucleotidases, present on the platelet surface of human pregnant with a normal (without complications) or high risk for thrombosis (hypertension and gestational diabetes) were studied. NTPDase (E.C. 3.6.1.5, CD39) and 5'-nucleotidase (E.C. 3.1.3.5, CD73) activities of four patient groups, non-pregnant (NP, n = 18), pregnant without complications (P, n = 25), pregnant with hypertension (HP, n = 15) and pregnant with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDP, n = 10), were analyzed. Increased NTPDase activities were observed in the groups P (37.0%, S.D. = 2.03 and 34.0%, S.D. = 3.19), HP (40.0%, S.D. = 3.32 and 56.0%, S.D. = 3.25) and GDP (23.0%, S.D. = 2.30 and 42.0%, S.D. = 2.26) in comparison to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D. = 1.92 and S.D. = 2.48) when ATP and ADP were used as substrate, respectively. AMP was used as substrate to determine the 5'-nucleotidase activities, which showed to be elevated in the groups P (45.0%, S.D. = 1.73), HP (54.0%, S.D. = 2.64) and GDP (68.0%, S.D. = 1.69) when compared to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D. = 1.26). However, no statistically significant differences were observed between the groups P, HP and GDP. As a consequence, the enhanced ATP, ADP and AMP hydrolysis was ascribed to the pregnancy itself, independent of a normal or high risk for thrombosis. The enhanced NTPDase and 5'-nucleotidase activities in platelets suggest that these enzymes are involved in the thromboregulation process in the pregnancy.
Risk of cardiovascular events after gestational diabetes: a retrospective population study.; AIMS: To investigate whether the risk for post-partum cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is driven by gestational diabetes (GDM), by GDM-related risk factors and/or by pre-gestational (Pre-GD) or post-gestational diabetes (Post-GD). METHODS: Women delivering in Tuscany, Italy in years 2010-2012 (n = 74,720), were identified from certificates of care at delivery and further identified as affected with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD through regional administrative databases. Women with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD were retrospectively evaluated for risk of post-partum hospitalizations for CVD (myocardial infarction or stroke; n = 728) across years 2013-2021, comparing women with different forms of diabetes to those without diabetes. Risk of CVD was assessed as odds ratio (OR 95% CI), after logistic multivariate models, considering all recorded pre-gestational characteristics as covariates. RESULTS: The adjusted OR (aOR) for post-partum CVD hospitalizations was not significantly related to GDM itself (aOR: 0.85; 0.64-1.12; p = ns), but increased in women with Pre-GD (aOR: 2.02; 1.09-3.71; p = 0.024) and Post-GD, associated or not to prior GDM (aOR; 4.21; 2.45-7.23 and respectively aOR: 3.80; 2.38-6.05; p < 0.0001 for both). In presence of pre-pregnancy maternal obesity (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) the aOR of CVD approximatively doubled (aOR: 1.90; 1.51-2.40); p < 0.0001, independently of GDM and of Post-GD. The adjusted risk of CVD was lower among employed women (aOR: 0.83; 0.70-0.99); p = 0.04 and significantly higher in presence of poorer education levels (aOR: 1.32; 1.11-1.57); p < 0.0001. CONCLUSION: In this population the risk of post-partum CVD was driven by Pre- and Post-GD, not by GDM alone. Pre-gestational obesity represented a major independent risk factor for post-partum CVD.
Subclinical Metabolic and Cardiovascular Factors and Brain White Matter Microstructural Integrity in Young Women.; Women who have experienced pregnancy complications, specifically preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, have well documented increased risks of cardiovascular, metabolic, and neurological disease later in life. This study examined how specific cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors for preeclampsia assessed in a non-pregnant state were associated with brain white matter microstructural integrity. This study examined sixty-two healthy women (mean age 31 ± 5 years) who received metabolic and cardiovascular assessments as well as multiple modality MRI imaging. Participants were either nulliparous (n = 31) or had a history of preterm preeclampsia (n = 31). Imaging included acquisition Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) to assess white matter integrity within the brain. We hypothesized that healthy, young, non-pregnant women with cardiovascular and metabolic profiles suggesting elevated risk would have decreased white matter integrity, represented by lower Fractional Anisotropy (FA) and increased Mean Diffusivity (MD) estimates in the posterior cortical areas of the brain. We observed increased white matter degradation (lower FA and increased MD) in posterior and occipital tracts, commissural fibers, and subcortical structures in women with increased adiposity, worse measures of cardiovascular and metabolic function, including greater insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), hyperlipidemia, elevated blood pressure, and increased arterial stiffness. The relationships detected between subclinical cardiovascular and metabolic phenotypes and increased white matter disruption at a young age, outside of pregnancy, are indicative that adverse changes are detectable long before cognitive clinical presentation. This may suggest that many of the long-term cardiovascular and metabolic risks of aging are influenced by physiologic aging trajectories rather than damage caused by pregnancy complications.
Antioxidants in Pregnancy: Do We Really Need More Trials?; Human pregnancy can be affected by numerous pathologies, from those which are mild and reversible to others which are life-threatening. Among these, gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy with subsequent consequences stand out. Health problems experienced by women during pregnancy and postpartum are associated with significant costs to health systems worldwide and contribute largely to maternal mortality and morbidity. Major risk factors for mothers include obesity, advanced maternal age, cardiovascular dysfunction, and endothelial damage; in these scenarios, oxidative stress plays a major role. Markers of oxidative stress can be measured in patients with preeclampsia, foetal growth restriction, and gestational diabetes mellitus, even before their clinical onset. In consequence, antioxidant supplements have been proposed as a possible therapy; however, results derived from large scale randomised clinical trials have been disappointing as no positive effects were demonstrated. This review focuses on the latest evidence on oxidative stress in pregnancy complications, their early diagnosis, and possible therapies to prevent or treat these pathologies.
Risk Factors and Clinical Features of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in a Chinese Population.; PURPOSE: We investigated the risk factors and characteristic clinical features of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) to lay the groundwork for early identification, screening, diagnosis, and intervention in high-risk pregnant women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was conducted to analyze data from 44 patients with PPCM and 226 normal pregnant women from a Chinese population. RESULTS: Significant differences were found between the groups in terms of various factors such as age, body mass index (BMI), heart rate, and medical history. Logistic regression models identified abnormal electrocardiography (OR=18.852), upper respiratory tract infection (OR=41.822), gestational hypertension (OR=18.188), and cesarean section (OR=8.394) as risk factors for PPCM. Common clinical features observed in patients with PPCM included cough, wheezing, and chest tightness (68.18%), left heart enlargement (56.82%) and valvular insufficiency (81.82%). Additionally, cardiotropic virus was detected in a subset of patients (43.18%) and NT-proBNP was elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL (81.82%). CONCLUSION: In the Chinese population, the presence of abnormal electrocardiograms during pregnancy, history of upper respiratory tract infection, gestational hypertension, and maternal choice of cesarean section suggest the possibility of PPCM development. Factors such as advanced age, family history of cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, eclampsia, anemia, and hypoproteinemia should be considered. Clinically, patients present with cough, wheezing, chest tightness, enlarged left heart, valvular insufficiency and NT-proBNP elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL. This study could serve as a valuable reference for medical practitioners for the early identification and screening of patients with PPCM.
Valvular Heart Disease in Adults: Management of Native Valve Disease.; Patients with valvular heart disease (VHD) should be treated for diabetes, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia. They also should receive therapy for left ventricular dysfunction, undergo interval echocardiography, and participate in aerobic exercise. Valve replacement should be considered for patients with aortic stenosis (AS) and syncope, presyncope, heart failure, angina, or severe AS with left ventricular dysfunction. Valve replacement is performed with open or transcatheter procedures; the latter are preferred for patients with high surgical risk. Patients with chronic aortic regurgitation (AR) should undergo open surgical replacement if they are symptomatic or are asymptomatic but have severe regurgitation and left ventricular dysfunction. No transcatheter procedures currently are approved for AR. Patients with mitral stenosis (MS) should receive drugs for heart rate control and anticoagulation if they have atrial fibrillation. Invasive treatment involves valve replacement or percutaneous commissurotomy. Management of severe chronic mitral regurgitation consists of valve replacement or, for patients with high surgical risk, a percutaneous transcatheter procedure that clips the mitral leaflets together. When severe, tricuspid regurgitation can be managed with valve replacement. Pregnant patients with VHD require special management. Women with severe AS or MS should avoid becoming pregnant until VHD is managed definitively.
Effect of three concentrations of intracervical prostaglandin E2 gel for cervical ripening.; To evaluate the efficacy and safety of three concentrations of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) gel for preinduction cervical ripening. Two hundred ninety-one patients with an unfavorable cervix scheduled for induction of labor were eligible to participate in a prospective, randomized, double-blind study of one or two doses of intracervical PGE2 gel. Group 1 received a dose of 0.125 mg/2 ml; group 2 received 0.25 mg/2 ml; and group 3 received 0.5 mg/2 ml. Outcome variables included change in Bishop score, uterine tachysystole, oxytocin use, route of delivery, and maternal and neonatal complications. Two hundred twenty-nine patients were included in the study, 79 in group 1, 70 in group 2, and 80 in group 3. Among the three groups, no statistically significant differences were noted for change in Bishop score, uterine tachysystole, oxytocin use, route of delivery, or incidence of maternal or neonatal complications, Subsequent labors were frequently complicated by fetal heart rate abnormalities (24.3%) and uterine tachysystole (9.6%); 84 (38.9%) patients were delivered by cesarean section. A dose-dependent influence on outcome variables was not identified. Complications from PGE2-ripening within 4 hours of gel application were not dose dependent and occurred infrequently. This study demonstrates that there is no dose in the range tested that assures an absences of tachysystole, limiting the role of outpatient cervical ripening without some period of observation.
Genetics of diabetes.; Diabetes mellitus is a complicated disease characterized by a complex interplay of genetic, epigenetic, and environmental variables. It is one of the world's fastest-growing diseases, with 783 million adults expected to be affected by 2045. Devastating macrovascular consequences (cerebrovascular disease, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral vascular disease) and microvascular complications (like retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy) increase mortality, blindness, kidney failure, and overall quality of life in individuals with diabetes. Clinical risk factors and glycemic management alone cannot predict the development of vascular problems; multiple genetic investigations have revealed a clear hereditary component to both diabetes and its related complications. In the twenty-first century, technological advancements (genome-wide association studies, next-generation sequencing, and exome-sequencing) have led to the identification of genetic variants associated with diabetes, however, these variants can only explain a small proportion of the total heritability of the condition. In this review, we address some of the likely explanations for this "missing heritability", for diabetes such as the significance of uncommon variants, gene-environment interactions, and epigenetics. Current discoveries clinical value, management of diabetes, and future research directions are also discussed.
AMP-Activated Protein (AMPK) in Pathophysiology of Pregnancy Complications.; Although the global maternal mortality ratio has been consistently reduced over time, in 2015, there were still 303,000 maternal deaths throughout the world, of which 99% occurred in developing countries. Understanding pathophysiology of pregnancy complications contributes to the proper prenatal care for the reduction of prenatal, perinatal and neonatal mortality and morbidity ratio. In this review, we focus on AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) as a regulator of pregnancy complications. AMPK is a serine/threonine kinase that is conserved within eukaryotes. It regulates the cellular and whole-body energy homeostasis under stress condition. The functions of AMPK are diverse, and the dysregulation of AMPK is known to correlate with many disorders such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, inflammatory disease, and cancer. During pregnancy, AMPK is necessary for the proper placental differentiation, nutrient transportation, maternal and fetal energy homeostasis, and protection of the fetal membrane. Activators of AMPK such as 5-Aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide (AICAR), resveratrol, and metformin restores pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm birth preclinically. We also discuss on the relationship between catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT), an enzyme that metabolizes catechol, and AMPK during pregnancy. It is known that metformin cannot activate AMPK in COMT deficient mice, and that 2-methoxyestradiol (2-ME), a metabolite of COMT, recovers the AMPK activity, suggesting that COMT is a regulator of AMPK. These reports suggest the therapeutic use of AMPK activators for various pregnancy complications, however, careful analysis is required for the safe use of AMPK activators since AMPK activation could cause fetal malformation.
Endotoxin Biomarkers Are Associated With Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Risk Across 6 Years of Follow-up in Youth.; CONTEXT: Metabolic endotoxemia may be a shared mechanism underlying childhood obesity and early-onset metabolic diseases (eg, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease). OBJECTIVE: Examine prospective associations of serum endotoxin biomarkers lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and its binding protein, LPS binding protein (LBP), and anti-endotoxin core immunoglobulin G (EndoCab IgG) with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in youth. DESIGN/SETTING: This prospective study included 393 youth in the Exploring Perinatal Outcomes Among Children cohort in Colorado. Participants were recruited from 2006 to 2009 at age 10 years (baseline) and followed for 6 years (follow-up). We examined associations of endotoxin biomarkers at baseline with adiposity [body mass index (BMI) z-score, visceral adipose tissue (VAT), subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), skinfolds, waist circumference] and cardiometabolic risk (insulin, glucose, adipokines, lipid profile, blood pressure) across both visits using mixed-effects regression, and with hepatic fat fraction (HFF) at follow-up using linear regression. RESULTS: Higher LPS and LBP predicted greater adiposity across follow-up. Each 1-unit log-transformed LPS corresponded with 0.23 (95% CI 0.03, 0.43) units BMI z-score, 5.66 (95% CI 1.99, 9.33) mm3 VAT, 30.7 (95% CI 8.0, 53.3) mm3 SAT, and 8.26 (95% CI 4.13, 12.40) mm skinfold sum. EndoCab IgG was associated with VAT only [3.03 (95% CI 0.34, 5.71) mm3]. LPS was associated with higher insulin [1.93 (95% CI 0.08, 3.70) µU/mL] and leptin [2.28 (95% CI 0.66, 3.90) ng/mL] and an adverse lipid profile. No association was observed with HFF. Accounting for pubertal status and lifestyle behaviors did not change findings. However, adjustment for prepregnancy BMI and gestational diabetes attenuated most associations. CONCLUSIONS: Serum endotoxin may be a marker of pathophysiological processes underlying development of childhood obesity and cardiometabolic conditions associated with exposure to fetal overnutrition.
The Use of Sex-Specific Factors in the Assessment of Women's Cardiovascular Risk.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. As compared with men, women are less likely to be diagnosed appropriately, receive preventive care, or be treated aggressively for CVD. Sex differences between men and women have allowed for the identification of CVD risk factors and risk markers that are unique to women. The 2018 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Multi-Society cholesterol guideline and 2019 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guideline on the primary prevention of CVD introduced the concept of risk-enhancing factors that are specific to women and are associated with an increased risk of incident atherosclerotic CVD in women. These factors, if present, would favor more intensified lifestyle interventions and consideration of initiation or intensification of statin therapy for primary prevention to mitigate the increased risk. In this primer, we highlight sex-specific CVD risk factors in women, stress the importance of eliciting a thorough obstetrical and gynecological history during cardiovascular risk assessment, and provide a framework for how to initiate appropriate preventive measures when sex-specific risk factors are present.
Circulating syndecan-1 is reduced in pregnancies with poor fetal growth and its secretion regulated by matrix metalloproteinases and the mitochondria.; Fetal growth restriction is a leading cause of stillbirth that often remains undetected during pregnancy. Identifying novel biomarkers may improve detection of pregnancies at risk. This study aimed to assess syndecan-1 as a biomarker for small for gestational age (SGA) or fetal growth restricted (FGR) pregnancies and determine its molecular regulation. Circulating maternal syndecan-1 was measured in several cohorts; a large prospective cohort collected around 36 weeks' gestation (n = 1206), a case control study from the Manchester Antenatal Vascular service (285 women sampled at 24-34 weeks' gestation); two prospective cohorts collected on the day of delivery (36 + 3-41 + 3 weeks' gestation, n = 562 and n = 405 respectively) and a cohort who delivered for preterm FGR (< 34 weeks). Circulating syndecan-1 was consistently reduced in women destined to deliver growth restricted infants and those delivering for preterm disease. Syndecan-1 secretion was reduced by hypoxia, and its loss impaired proliferation. Matrix metalloproteinases and mitochondrial electron transport chain inhibitors significantly reduced syndecan-1 secretion, an effect that was rescued by coadministration of succinate, a mitochondrial electron transport chain activator. In conclusion, circulating syndecan-1 is reduced among cases of term and preterm growth restriction and has potential for inclusion in multi-marker algorithms to improve detection of poorly grown fetuses.
Episiotomy: the final cut?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether episiotomy prevents 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears in critical conditions such as shoulder dystocia, instrumental deliveries (vacuum or forceps), persistent occiput-posterior position, fetal macrosomia (>4,000 g), and non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR) patterns. METHODS: A retrospective study comparing 3rd and 4th degree perineal tears during vaginal deliveries with or without episiotomy, in selected critical conditions was performed. Multiple gestations, preterm deliveries (<37 weeks' gestation) and cesarean deliveries were excluded from the analysis. Stratified analysis (using the Mantel-Haenszel technique) was used to obtain the weighted odds ratio (OR), while controlling for these variables. RESULTS: During the study period, there were 168,077 singleton vaginal deliveries. Of those, 188 (0.1%) had 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears. Vaginal deliveries with episiotomy had statistically significant higher rates of 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears than those without episiotomy (0.2 vs. 0.1%; P<0.001). The association between episiotomy and severe perineal tears remained significant even in the critical conditions. Stratified analysis revealed that the adjusted ORs for 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears in these critical conditions (Macrosomia OR=2.3; instrumental deliveries OR=1.8; NRFHR patterns OR=2.1; occipito-posterior position OR=2.3; and shoulder dystocia OR=2.3) were similar to the crude OR (OR=2.3). CONCLUSIONS: Mediolateral episiotomy is an independent risk factor for 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears, even in critical conditions such as shoulder dystocia, instrumental deliveries, occiput-posterior position, fetal macrosomia, and NRFHR. Prophylactic use of episiotomy in these conditions does not seem beneficial if performed to prevent 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears.
Sex dimorphism in the relation between early adiposity and cardiometabolic risk in adolescents.; CONTEXT: Birth weight and childhood adiposity are associated with subsequent cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: We investigated the associations between metabolic clusters in young adults with body fat distribution from early childhood, focusing on sex differences. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PATIENTS: A total of 1053 17 yr olds from an Australian birth cohort had measures of anthropometry, blood pressure, and fasting insulin, glucose, and lipids. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Two-step cluster analysis identified 17 yr olds at high metabolic risk. The two risk groups were compared by sex with regard to birth weight and serial anthropometry, including skinfold thickness from nine time-points. RESULTS: The "high-risk" metabolic cluster at age 17 yr included 16% of males and 19% of females. Compared to the "low-risk" group, the high-risk cluster participants had greater waist circumference, triglycerides, insulin, and systolic blood pressure and lower high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (all P <0.0001). There was a significant birth weight by sex interaction upon the metabolic cluster outcome (P = 0.011). Compared to their low-risk counterparts, females in the high-risk cluster at 17 yr were heavier from birth (odds ratio, 1.8; 95% confidence interval, 1.0, 3.2) (P = 0.034), with consistently higher body mass index and skinfold thickness thereafter. In contrast, there was no statistical difference in birth weight between high- and low-risk males (odds ratio, 0.62; 95% confidence interval, 0.38, 1.02). CONCLUSIONS: These data show sexual dimorphism in effects of early life body mass index and fat distribution upon cardiometabolic risk factors. Females in a contemporary population are particularly prone to increased risk when born heavier. This has implications for targeted prevention of obesity and metabolic diseases with increasing maternal obesity and gestational diabetes.
Application of the hypothesis of Developmental Origin of Health and Diseases (DOHaD) in epidemiological studies of women at reproductive age and pregnant women in Poland.; Epidemiological population studies indicate that the nutrition of women at reproductive age and during pregnancy exerts an eff ect not only on the term of delivery, development of the foetus and birth weight, but also on the susceptibility of off spring to civilization diseases in adulthood, according to the hypothesis of Developmental Origin of Heath and Diseases (DOHaD). The author analyses the results of epidemiological studies conducted in 2011 in a randomly selected representative population of 6,000 Polish adolescents aged 14-24 (of the total of adolescents, a population of females was selected for analysis), and the results of foetal period health monitoring of mother and child (PRAMS) which has been conducted in Poland since 2009 in the population of mothers and their newborn babies staying after delivery in all hospitals in Poland. Analysis of these two population studies indicates that a high percentage of Polish women at reproductive age are dieting. At the same time, confirmation of the fact of becoming pregnant occurs between weeks 5-8 after conception. This shows that until that time, the foetuses of women on the Apple weight loss diet develop conditions of nutritional deficits which, according to the DOHaD hypothesis, may result in epigenetic changes which increase the susceptibility of off spring in adulthood to civilization diseases: cardiovascular disorders, type 2 diabetes or metabolic syndrome. This hypothesis is confirmed by the high percentages of newborns in Poland born with low birth weight or prematurely born, as well as the fact that the percentage of anemia in pregnant Polish women is twice as high as in other developed countries. Simultaneously, a large number of babies are born with excessive birth weight (macrosomia). The author considers that in the countries of East-Central Europe the phenomenon observed is characteristic at present of the developing countries of the Third World, called the 'double burden of malnutrition'. This situation creates risk of the occurrence of an epidemics of civilization diseases in our part of Europe of a greater intensity than in other developed countries. The author postulates that the educational actions in the area of health promotion in the control of overweight and obesity should be differentiated according to gender and age. The activities to-date in the field of overweight and obesity control in Poland has led to an increase in the number of girls and young women suffering from nutritional disorders as a result of too drastic methods of losing weight. According to the DOHaD hypothesis applied, this may have tragic results for their off spring and for future generations.
The effect of 50 GR oral glucose tolerance test on fetal celiac artery and superior mesenteric artery Doppler parameters in healthy pregnancies.; OBJECTIVES: To understand the effect of 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) on fetal celiac artery and superior mesenteric artery (SMA) Doppler parameters. METHODS: A total of 43 healthy pregnant women followed in our hospital were included in the study. All Doppler parameters of the celiac artery and SMA (peak systolic velocity (PSV); pulsatility index (PI); resistance index (RI); systolic/diastolic ratio (SD); time average maximum velocity (TAMAX)) were obtained by ultrasonography before and 1 h after OGTT. RESULTS: The mean PSV value of the celiac artery decreased statistically significantly after OGTT (37.29 ± 11.96 cm/s; 29.51 ± 10.07 cm/s; p=0.002). While the mean of the PI was 2.09 ± 0.57 before the test, it was found to be 1.84 ± 0.64 after the test (p=0.027). Mean PSV (39.82 ± 13.07 cm/s; 35.19 ± 15.27 cm/s; p=0.104) and PI (2.21 ± 0.65; 2.11 ± 0.80; p=0.375) values of SMA were also found to be decreased without statistically significancy. CONCLUSIONS: The data obtained from our study reveals that the PSV and PI values of celiac artery and SMA slightly decrease after OGTT.
Pregnancy as an Early Cardiovascular Moment: Peripartum Cardiovascular Health.; Pregnancy is commonly referred to as a window into future CVH (cardiovascular health). During pregnancy, physiological adaptations occur to promote the optimal growth and development of the fetus. However, in approximately 20% of pregnant individuals, these perturbations result in cardiovascular and metabolic complications, which include hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and small-for-gestational age infant. The biological processes that lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes begin before pregnancy with higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes observed among those with poor prepregnancy CVH. Individuals who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes are also at higher risk of subsequent development of cardiovascular disease, which is largely explained by the interim development of traditional risk factors, such as hypertension and diabetes. Therefore, the peripartum period, which includes the period before (prepregnancy), during, and after pregnancy (postpartum), represents an early cardiovascular moment or window of opportunity when CVH should be measured, monitored, and modified (if needed). However, it remains unclear whether adverse pregnancy outcomes reflect latent risk for cardiovascular disease that is unmasked in pregnancy or if adverse pregnancy outcomes are themselves an independent and causal risk factor for future cardiovascular disease. Understanding the pathophysiologic mechanisms and pathways linking prepregnancy CVH, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cardiovascular disease are necessary to develop strategies tailored for each stage in the peripartum period. Emerging evidence suggests the utility of subclinical cardiovascular disease screening with biomarkers (eg, natriuretic peptides) or imaging (eg, computed tomography for coronary artery calcium or echocardiography for adverse cardiac remodeling) to identify risk-enriched postpartum populations and target for more intensive strategies with health behavior interventions or pharmacological treatments. However, evidence-based guidelines focused on adults with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are needed to prioritize the prevention of cardiovascular disease during the reproductive years and beyond.
Abdominal aortic intima-media thickness in preschool children born preterm.; Recently aortic intima-media thickness (IMT) has been used as an earlier marker of preclinical atherosclerosis in high-risk children, such as those with type 1 diabetes mellitus and hypercholesterolemia. Children who were born preterm have an early elevation in insulin resistance, which may be a risk factor for metabolic syndrome in adulthood. However, there is no optimal marker of subsequent cardiovascular disease for children born preterm. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effect of preterm birth on aortic IMT during the preschool period. Mean aortic IMT was measured by ultrasound in 26 subjects born preterm (gestational age <37 weeks [preterm group]) and 11 control subjects born at term (term group). The mean aortic IMT of the preterm group was significantly thicker than that of the term group (preterm group: median 577 μm, interquartile range (524-599) versus term group: 517 μm (442-544); p = 0.003). Mean aortic IMT may be one of the earlier markers of subclinical vasculopathy in preschool children who were born preterm.
Effect of exercise modality on markers of insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND/AIM: Exercise can be used as a strategy to attenuate hyperglycaemia experienced during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To maximize its use for clinical management, the most effective modality should be identified. The purpose of this review is to elucidate the most effective modality of exercise on insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnant women with or at risk of GDM. METHODS: A search was undertaken in MEDLINE, PubMed, Scopus, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, Embase and the Maternity & Infant Healthcare Database. Studies that met inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials and case-controlled studies, which compared exercise interventions with standard care during pregnancy in women with or at risk of GDM. RESULTS: Two interventions using resistance training, eight using aerobic exercise and two using a combination of both modalities were included. The interventions showed consistently that requirements of insulin therapy, dosage, and latency to administration were improved in the exercise groups. Less consistent results were observed for capillary blood glucose measurements; however, both modalities and combination of modalities were effective at improving blood glucose control in already diagnosed patients and pregnant women with obesity. Discrepancies in the timing of intervention, GDM diagnostic criteria, and the different measures used to assess glucose metabolism make it difficult to draw clear recommendations. CONCLUSION: Exercising three times per week for 40-60 min at 65-75% age-predicted heart rate maximum using cycling, walking or circuit training as a modality improved glycaemic control in GDM patients and reduced incidence of GDM in pregnant women with obesity. Further studies looking specifically at the effects of different modalities of exercise on glucose metabolism with combined strategies to enhance insulin sensitivity should be explored to maximize benefits for GDM pregnancies. Consistency in design and delivery of exercise-only interventions is required to make recommendations on a suitable exercise prescription in this population. In practice, adherence to consensus in diagnostic cut-offs for GDM diagnosis is fundamental for standardizing future research.
Long-Term Cardiovascular Outcomes in Children and Adolescents With Hypertension.; IMPORTANCE: Hypertension affects 6% of all children, and its prevalence is increasing. Childhood hypertension tracks into adulthood and is associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease; however, there is a lack of evidence linking childhood hypertension to cardiovascular outcomes, which may contribute to underdiagnosis and undertreatment. OBJECTIVE: To determine the long-term associated risk of major adverse cardiac events (MACE) among children diagnosed with hypertension. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a population-based, retrospective, matched cohort study conducted from 1996 to 2022. The study included all children (aged 3-18 years) alive in Ontario, Canada, from 1996 to 2021, who were identified using provincial administrative health databases. Children with prior kidney replacement therapy were excluded. EXPOSURE: Incident hypertension diagnosis, identified by validated case definitions using diagnostic and physician billing claims. Each case was matched with 5 controls without hypertension by age, sex, birth weight, maternal gestational hypertension, prior comorbidities (chronic kidney disease, diabetes, cardiovascular surgery), and a propensity score for hypertension. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was MACE (a composite of cardiovascular death, stroke, hospitalization for myocardial infarction or unstable angina, or coronary intervention). Time to MACE was evaluated using the Kaplan-Meier method and Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: A total of 25 605 children (median [IQR] age, 15 [11-17] years; 14 743 male [57.6%]) with hypertension were matched to 128 025 controls without hypertension. Baseline covariates were balanced after propensity score matching, and prior comorbidities were uncommon (hypertension vs control cohort: malignancy, 1451 [5.7%] vs 7908 [6.2%]; congenital heart disease, 1089 [4.3%] vs 5408 [4.2%]; diabetes, 482 [1.9%] vs 2410 [1.9%]). During a median (IQR) of 13.6 (7.8-19.5) years of follow-up, incidence of MACE was 4.6 per 1000 person-years in children with hypertension vs 2.2 per 1000 person-years in controls (hazard ratio, 2.1; 95% CI, 1.9-2.2). Children with hypertension were at higher associated risk of stroke, hospitalization for myocardial infarction or unstable angina, coronary intervention, and congestive heart failure, but not cardiovascular death, compared with nonhypertensive controls. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Children diagnosed with hypertension had a higher associated long-term risk of MACE compared with controls without hypertension. Improved detection, follow-up, and control of pediatric hypertension may reduce the risk of adult cardiovascular disease.
Maternal obesity: consequences for children, challenges for clinicians and carers.; In many industrialised countries almost one in five pregnant women is obese. Maternal obesity has major implications for the fetus and newborn infants, and may have adverse consequences for lifelong health and well-being. We discuss the current epidemiological evidence for the association of maternal obesity with congenital structural neural tube and cardiac defects, fetal macrosomia that predisposes infants to birth injuries and to problems with physiological and metabolic transition, as well as potential for long-term effects secondary to prenatal and neonatal programming effects compounded by a reduction in sustained breastfeeding. We summarise the evidence for the effect of maternal weight management interventions on fetal and neonatal outcomes and discuss areas where further research is needed to clarify uncertainties.
Longitudinal cerebrovascular reactivity during pregnancy: a case study.; Normal cerebrovascular adaptation during pregnancy is poorly understood. We document a case study of progressively increased cerebrovascular reactivity to CO2, despite no change in resting blood flow, from prepregnancy to late gestation in a 36-year-old normotensive participant. Increased cerebral reactivity was related to progressive chronic respiratory alkalosis and specifically elevated pH and reduced HCO3(-). These novel data serve as important indicators of normative maternal cerebral adaptation and highlight novel areas of future study.
Isolated neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurysm.; OBJECTIVE: A prospective study was performed to evaluate the incidence, clinical manifestations and outcome of ductus arteriosus aneurysm (DAA) in full-term neonates. BACKGROUND: Ductus arteriosus aneurysm has been considered to be a rare congenital lesion and a potentially fatal abnormality. METHODS: A total of 548 full-term neonates received echocardiographic screening. RESULTS: There were 48 (8.8%) patients (28 boys and 20 girls) with DAA detected by echocardiography. The maximal diameter of the DAA ranged from 6.5 to 11.2 mm (8.2 +/- 1.2 mm). All cases were asymptomatic. There were no significant differences in gender, gestational age, maternal age or Apgar score between the newborns with or without DAA. Newborns with DAA had a higher birth body weight, higher incidence of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and more mothers with blood group A, compared with newborns without DAA (p < 0.05). Follow-up echocardiograms showed spontaneous closure of the ductus arteriosus in all patients except those without DAA. The DAA became progressively smaller after ductal closure in 33 patients (70.2%) and completely disappeared by 7 to 35 days of life. The other 14 patients (29.8%) with DAA had echocardiographic evidence of progressive formation of thrombi between the third and tenth day of life. The DAA and thrombi spontaneously disappeared in all patients by one month after birth. CONCLUSIONS: There is a higher incidence of DAA with a good outcome in our series compared with previous reports. We speculate that the presence of DAA may be a normal variant of the ductal bump and part of a normal process of spontaneous ductal closure in full-term neonates.
[Venous thromboembolic pathology. New acquired risk factors or new data on acquired risk factors].; Many acquired risk factors may be identified to avoid the scholarly nature of these interminable lists, they may be reclassified with respect to their originality or their mechanism of action and those of current interest, whose data is still often hypothetical but recent, can be underlined. The following order may be proposed: risk factors which cannot be changed: age (which remains the principal factor) and gender (women being at higher risk than men); true acquired risk factors such as cancer, dysimmune conditions (more specifically, the antiphospholipid syndrome) and hormone replacement therapy (oestroprogestative contraception which has been updated by the debate about "third generation pills" and the risk related to progesterone-like substances themselves; hormone replacement therapy of the menopause which still has no clinical trials to assess "our" forms with natural hormones administered transdermally or transmucosally). Smoking has also been accused of being a risk factor for venous thrombosis in the latest clinical trials. Metabolic factors increase the risk of thrombosis: this is established for obesity, still suspected for hyperhomocystonaemia, the abnormalities being the result of complex gene-environment interactions. Other dysmetabolic conditions (diabetes, hypercholesterolaemia, hypertriglyceridaemia), responsible for arterial complications, are not clearly related to increased venous thromboembolic risk although a preventive effect of statins (yet another I) has just been reported. Similarly to these metabolic factors, the origin of which, genetic or environmental, is difficult to establish, interest has recently been shown in quantitative and functional changes in blood clotting factors. This has been established for arterial disease for fibrinogen but, in addition to this factor which slightly increases the risk of venous thrombosis, increases of factor VIII independent of inflammatory conditions, of blood group and Von Willebrand factor, which all influence the level of factor VIII, an increase by 150% of the normal increases the risk of venous thromboembolic disease by 3 or 4 times. As for factor VIII, increases in factor IX, factor XI, and resistance to activated C protein (independently of the Leiden mutation on the gene for factor V), are also associated in increased venous thromboembolic risk. Without knowing into which category to classify them, previous personal and family history of thromboembolic disease, in the absence of the already mentioned hereditary risk factors, must be noted. Finally, amongst the acquired risk factors, the authors also list conditions of blood stasis and vascular lesions with or without hypercoagulability (surgery, prolonged hospital stays, cardiac failure, paralysis, pregnancy...). Of these acquired conditions which increase the risk of thrombotic complications, particular attention has been given over the last few years to forced immobilisation in uncomfortable positions as in certain forms of transport. Although clinical reports have discordant results, it would seem that the risk is increased and the benefits of supportive elastic stockings have been confirmed. If the acquired risk is identified and quantified for a patient, it allows evaluation of global risk and the installation of appropriate therapeutic measures.
Childhood neurodevelopmental disorders and maternal hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; AIM: To examine the association of maternal chronic hypertension and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH)/preeclampsia with childhood neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) in a large-scale population-based cohort. METHOD: We conducted a linked Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database cohort study of children born between 2004 and 2008 (n=877 233). Diagnoses of autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), developmental delay, intellectual disability, cerebral palsy (CP), and epilepsy/infantile spasms were identified from birth to the end of 2015. Cox proportional hazards models were fitted with adjustment for potential confounders to estimate the effect of maternal hypertensive disorder of pregnancy on childhood outcomes. RESULTS: Compared with the offspring of unexposed mothers, offspring of mothers with chronic hypertension or PIH/preeclampsia exhibited increased risk of developing a wide spectrum of NDDs. Chronic hypertension was associated with increased risks of ADHD (hazard ratio 1.22, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.13-1.​31), developmental delay (1.29, 1.21-1.38), intellectual disability (1.67, 1.43-1.95), CP (1.45, 1.14-1.85), and epilepsy/infantile spasms (1.31, 1.10-1.56) in the offspring, whereas PIH/preeclampsia was associated with increased risks of ASD (1.27, 1.12-1.43), ADHD (1.23, 1.17-1.29), developmental delay (1.29, 1.24-1.35), intellectual disability (1.53, 1.37-1.71), CP (1.44, 1.22-1.70), and epilepsy/infantile spasms (1.36, 1.22-1.52) in the offspring after adjustment for potential confounders. The co-occurrence of maternal diabetes, preterm deliveries, or fetal growth restriction further increased the risk. INTERPRETATION: Chronic hypertension or PIH/preeclampsia seems to be sufficient to increase the risk of childhood NDDs. What this paper adds Children exposed to maternal hypertensive disorders have a higher cumulative incidence of neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs) than unexposed children. Chronic hypertension or pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia seems to be sufficient to increase the risk of childhood NDDs. Co-occurrence of maternal diabetes, preterm deliveries, or fetal growth restriction further increases the risk.
Downregulation of SOX11 in fetal heart tissue, under hyperglycemic environment, mediates cardiomyocytes apoptosis.; Gestational diabetes mellitus is one of the causes of abnormal embryonic heart development, but the mechanism is still poor. This study investigated the regulatory mechanism and role of SOX11 in congenital heart abnormality in a hyperglycemic environment. Immunohistochemistry, Western blotting, and quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) showed decreased SOX11 protein and messenger RNA (mRNA) levels in the heart tissue of diabetic offspring compared with the control group. A Sequenom EpiTYPER MassArray showed that methylation sites upstream in SOX11 region 1 were increased in the diabetic group compared with the control group. Luciferase reporter assays and qRT-PCR showed that Dnmt3b overexpression decreased SOX11 promoter activity and its mRNA level, whereas Dnmt3a had little effect on regulating SOX11 expression. Furthermore, we found that Dnmt3L cooperated with Dnmt3b to regulate SOX11 gene expression. Additionally, the function of SOX11 silencing was analyzed by using small interfering RNA-mediated knockdown. 3-(4,5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide and apoptotic assays showed that SOX11 downregulation inhibited cell viability and induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Overexpression of the SOX11 gene suppressed cardiomyocytes apoptosis after high glucose treatment. We identified a novel epigenetic regulatory mechanism of SOX11 during heart development in a hyperglycemic environment and revealed a distinct role of SOX11 in mediating cardiomyocytes viability and apoptosis.
Proteomics Studies in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic complication during pregnancy and is associated with serious maternal and fetal complications such as pre-eclampsia and stillbirth. Further, women with GDM have approximately 10 times higher risk of diabetes later in life. Children born to mothers with GDM also face a higher risk of childhood obesity and diabetes later in life. Early prediction/diagnosis of GDM leads to early interventions such as diet and lifestyle, which could mitigate the maternal and fetal complications associated with GDM. However, no biomarkers identified to date have been proven to be effective in the prediction/diagnosis of GDM. Proteomic approaches based on mass spectrometry have been applied in various fields of biomedical research to identify novel biomarkers. Although a number of proteomic studies in GDM now exist, a lack of a comprehensive and up-to-date meta-analysis makes it difficult for researchers to interpret the data in the existing literature. Thus, we undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis on proteomic studies and GDM. We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science and Scopus from inception to January 2022. We searched Medline, Embase, CINHAL and the Cochrane Library, which were searched from inception to February 2021. We included cohort, case-control and observational studies reporting original data investigating the development of GDM compared to a control group. Two independent reviewers selected eligible studies for meta-analysis. Data collection and analyses were performed by two independent reviewers. The PROSPERO registration number is CRD42020185951. Of 120 articles retrieved, 24 studies met the eligibility criteria, comparing a total of 1779 pregnant women (904 GDM and 875 controls). A total of 262 GDM candidate biomarkers (CBs) were identified, with 49 CBs reported in at least two studies. We found 22 highly replicable CBs that were significantly different (nine CBs were upregulated and 12 CBs downregulated) between women with GDM and controls across various proteomic platforms, sample types, blood fractions and time of blood collection and continents. We performed further analyses on blood (plasma/serum) CBs in early pregnancy (first and/or early second trimester) and included studies with more than nine samples (nine studies in total). We found that 11 CBs were significantly upregulated, and 13 CBs significantly downregulated in women with GDM compared to controls. Subsequent pathway analysis using Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery (DAVID) bioinformatics resources found that these CBs were most strongly linked to pathways related to complement and coagulation cascades. Our findings provide important insights and form a strong foundation for future validation studies to establish reliable biomarkers for GDM.
Developing a model for predicting venous thromboembolism in obese pregnant women in a national study.; INTRODUCTION: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnancy and postpartum is a leading cause of maternal morbidity and mortality in developed countries, where obesity is a known risk for this complication. Current guidelines vary in which patients qualify for VTE prophylaxis, precluding a uniform approach for management. We sought to derive a risk prediction model for VTE in obese pregnant women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort analysis using the Consortium on Safe Labor (CSL) database. Women ages 16-45 who were pregnant with singletons and had an obese body mass index (>30 kg/m(2)) were included in our study population. Multivariable logistic regression was used in order to identify predictors of venous thromboembolism. RESULTS: Of the 83,500 women who met inclusion criteria, on average women were 27.8 years old, 38.6 weeks gestation, with body mass index of 35.8, and cesarean delivery incidence of 35.2%. 109 women (0.13%) experienced a VTE event. Independent predictors of VTE in our final multivariable predictive model included: mode of delivery, body mass index, pregestational diabetes, chronic heart disease, preeclampsia, blood transfusion (intrapartum or postpartum), prenatal history of thromboembolic disorder, and postpartum maternal length of stay. A receiver operating characteristic curve was developed to assess the model; area under the curve was 0.826. CONCLUSIONS: We developed a strong predictive model using a large, retrospective database to distinguish risk of VTE in obese pregnant women, which may provide the foundation for future protocol development of obstetrical thromboprophylaxis in obese women.
Diabetic and Hypertensive Disorders Following Miscarriage: A Protocol for Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; (1) Background: Miscarriages occur in approximately 15-25% of all pregnancies. There is limited evidence suggesting an association between history of miscarriage and the development of diabetic and hypertensive disorders in women. This systematic review aims to collate the existing literature and provide up to date epidemiological evidence on the topic. (2) Methods: We will search CINAHL Plus, Ovid/EMBASE, Ovid/MEDLINE, ProQuest, PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Google Scholar, using a combination of medical subject headings, keywords, and search terms, for relevant articles related to the association between miscarriage and the risk of diabetic and hypertensive disorders. Cross-sectional, case-control, nested case-control, case-cohort, and cohort studies published from inception to April 2022 will be included in the search strategy. Three reviewers will independently screen studies and the risk of bias will be assessed using the Joanna Briggs Institute Critical Appraisal tool. Where the data permit, a meta-analysis will be conducted. (3) Results: The results of this systematic review will be submitted to a peer-reviewed journal for publication. (4) Conclusions: The findings of this systematic review will instigate efforts to manage and prevent reproductive, cardiovascular, and metabolic health consequences associated with miscarriages.
Gestational Weight Gain, Pregnancy Related Complications and the Short-Term Risks for the Offspring.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Maternal obesity influences pregnancy course in several different manners, and imbalanced nutrition during pregnancy may lead to various adverse pregnancy outcomes. Additionally, nutritional status during pregnancy may have implications for the health of the offspring and may possibly influence early motor development in children. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) on pregnancy outcomes and infant's motor development within the first twelve months of life. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study included 200 participants divided in two groups based on their gestational weight gain. Maternal, perinatal, and neonatal factors were analyzed, and early motor development was assessed using the Alberta infant motor scale (AIMS). RESULTS: EGWG was significantly associated with: pre-pregnancy BMI (p < 0.001), family history for cardiovascular diseases (p = 0.013) and diabetes mellitus (p = 0.045), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (p = 0.003), gestational diabetes mellitus (p < 0.001), gestational anemia (p = 0.001), vitamin D deficiency (p = 0.001), metformin use (p = 0.045), pre-labor premature rupture of membranes (p = 0.031), amniotic fluid index (p = 0.047), and APGAR score in the first five min of life (p = 0.007). Scored by AIMS, EGWG was significantly associated with parameters of early motor development at the age of three AIMS total (p < 0.001), six AIMS total (p < 0.001), nine AIMS total (p < 0.001), and twelve AIMS total (p < 0.001) months of infant's life. CONCLUSIONS: The link between EGWG and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in offspring is a complex and multifaceted issue. Our results imply significant alterations in early motor development in the group of infants born from mothers who gained weight excessively during pregnancy. Further studies are needed to unravel the intricacies of this relationship and inform strategies for preventive interventions and supportive care during pregnancy and infancy.
Color Doppler ultrasound detection of hemodynamic changes in pregnant women with GDM and analysis of their influence on pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To study the influence of color Doppler ultrasound on hemodynamic changes and pregnancy outcome of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: From October 2018 to October 2019, a total of 76 pregnant women with GDM treated in the obstetric outpatient department of our hospital were selected as the experimental group, and 76 healthy pregnant women were selected as the control group. The uterine artery (UA) hemodynamic parameters, fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) hemodynamic parameters and umbilical artery (Ut-A) hemodynamic parameters of the two groups of pregnant women were examined by color Doppler ultrasound. The arterial blood flow of the two groups of pregnant women was evaluated, and the incidence of early diastolic notches and pregnancy outcome were counted. The correlation between blood flow index changes during pregnancy [peak systolic velocity/end-systolic blood flow velocity (S/D), resistance index (RI), pulsation index (PI)] and GDM was analyzed. RESULTS: The arterial hemodynamic parameters and arterial blood flow scores of pregnant women in the experimental group were better than those in the control group (P < 0.05); the incidence of early diastolic notch in the experimental group was significantly higher than that in the control group (P < 0.05); the number of neonates with the Apgar score ≥ 7 points in the experimental group was significantly smaller than that in the control group (P < 0.05). PI, RI and S/D of arterial blood flow during pregnancy were positively correlated with the occurrence of GDM (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Clinically, color Doppler ultrasound may be used to understand the abnormal blood glucose of GDM pregnant women, identify the cause of the abnormality through symptoms, and detect the maternal arterial blood flow indicators to achieve timely understanding of the abnormal condition of the fetus, and provide a basis for preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: A nationwide study.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) can worsen cardiometabolic risk factors in women, raising their likelihood of developing cardiometabolic diseases at a young age after their initial pregnancy. Nevertheless, there are limited data on the risk of newly developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) in women who have had APOs. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of new-onset MASLD after experiencing APOs. METHODS: Singleton pregnant women who underwent national health screenings 1 year before pregnancy and 1 year after delivery were included in this study. APOs were defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight, and placental abruption. The primary outcome was new-onset MASLD based on the presence of APOs. RESULTS: Among 80,037 study participants, 9,320 (11.6%) experienced APOs during pregnancy. Women who experienced APOs had an increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD after delivery even after adjustments for various covariates (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% CI 1.45-1.72). In particular, women who experienced either HDP or GDM showed a significantly increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD (adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.81-2.67, for HDP and adjusted OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.65-2.03, for GDM). Moreover, there was a tendency toward an increased risk of new-onset MASLD according to the number of APOs (p <0.001 for trend of odds). CONCLUSIONS: APOs were associated with the risk of new-onset MASLD after delivery. Specifically, only HDP or GDM were identified as risk factors for new-onset MASLD. IMPACT AND IMPLICATIONS: This nationwide cohort study confirms that postpartum women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). These findings may bring us one step closer to understanding the exact mechanisms underlying such an important association between prior APOs and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among postpartum women. This bidirectional association between APOs and MASLD highlights the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing CVD risk in women. It suggests a need for closer monitoring and lifestyle interventions for women with a history of APOs to reduce the risk of MASLD and subsequent CVD complications.
Stroke in women - from evidence to inequalities.; Stroke is the second largest cause of disability-adjusted life-years lost worldwide. The prevalence of stroke in women is predicted to rise rapidly, owing to the increasing average age of the global female population. Vascular risk factors differ between women and men in terms of prevalence, and evidence increasingly supports the clinical importance of sex differences in stroke. The influence of some risk factors for stroke - including diabetes mellitus and atrial fibrillation - are stronger in women, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy also affect the risk of stroke decades after pregnancy. However, in an era of evidence-based medicine, women are notably under-represented in clinical trials - despite governmental actions highlighting the need to include both men and women in clinical trials - resulting in a reduced generalizability of study results to women. The aim of this Review is to highlight new insights into specificities of stroke in women, to plan future research priorities, and to influence public health policies to decrease the worldwide burden of stroke in women.
Cardiac malformations in fetuses of gestational and pre gestational diabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: In this study we aimed to determine the prevalence of cardiac malformations in fetuses of Iranian diabetic mothers with pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to find the patterns of different cardiac malformations. METHODS: One-hundred and seventy diabetic pregnant women (68 preGDM and 102 GDM) (mean age: 32.17±4.8 years) and 85 healthy controls (mean age: 31.35±4.55 years) were recruited from September 2008 to July 2012. Fetal echocardiography was performed to assess cardiac malformation. In order to study major factors that may affect the results, a complete history was obtained. FINDINGS: Fetal echocardiography was performed at mean gestational age of 24.7±5.4 and 20.27±3.9 weeks in diabetic patients and control group, respectively. Fifteen (8.8%) fetuses of diabetic mothers were detected to have cardiac malformations compared with 1 (1.17%) fetus in control group (OR: 8.13, 95%CI: 1.1-62.61, P-value=0.02). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy noted as the most common cardiac malformation occurred in 6 out of 15 (40%) fetuses, and was found significantly more common in pre-GDM compared to GDM group (7.4% vs 1%, P-value =0.04). Despite the higher incidence of cardiac malformation in pre-GDM compared to GDM group, the difference was not significant. Further, no significant association was observed between the variables including; parity, diabetic regimen, parents' consanguinity, maternal history of hypertension or hypothyroidism and occurring cardiac malformations (P-value>0.05). CONCLUSION: In this study we detected cardiac malformations in 8.8% of our diabetic referrals. The result of the present study shows that screening diabetic mothers for fetal cardiac malformations could be beneficial.
microRNA expression profiling and functional annotation analysis of their targets modulated by oxidative stress during embryonic heart development in diabetic mice.; Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) induces congenital heart defects (CHDs). The molecular mechanism underlying PGDM-induced CHDs is unknown. microRNAs (miRNAs), small non-coding RNAs, repress gene expression at the posttranscriptional level and play important roles in heart development. We performed a global miRNA profiling study to assist in revealing potential miRNAs modulated by PGDM and possible developmental pathways regulated by miRNAs during heart development. A total of 149 mapped miRNAs in the developing heart were significantly altered by PGDM. Bioinformatics analysis showed that the majority of the 2111 potential miRNA target genes were associated with cardiac development-related pathways including STAT3 and IGF-1 and transcription factors (Cited2, Zeb2, Mef2c, Smad4 and Ets1). Overexpression of the antioxidant enzyme, superoxide dismutase 1, reversed PGDM-altered miRNAs, suggesting that oxidative stress is responsible for dysregulation of miRNAs. Thus, our study provides the foundation for further investigation of a miRNA-dependent mechanism underlying PGDM-induced CHDs.
Effect of Maternal Diabetes Mellitus on Neonatal Hearing.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes is a potential risk factor for neonatal hearing loss. Increased circulating sugars in mothers during pregnancy can impairs the micro circulation and can cause congenital anomalies of the inner ear resulting in congenital hearing loss. This study attempts to find the incidence of neonatal hearing loss among diabetic mothers. METHODOLOGY: This was a case control study with 86 neonates of diabetic mothers as cases and neonates of non diabetic mothers(n = 86) as controls. Antenatal diabetic history and sugar values of mothers were documented. Hearing status of the neonates were tested using DPOAE test and ABR test. DPOAE test was done on 3rd day and those who did not get a positive response underwent 2nd DPOAE and also ABR test if 2nd DPOAE was negative. RESULTS: All neonates underwent DPOAE test and few were lost on follow up. First and second DPOAE showed a statistically significant difference between cases and controls. All babies who underwent ABR test had abnormal waveforms. 98% of cases showed moderate and severe bilateral hearing loss whereas all controls had only mild bilateral hearing loss. DISCUSSION: This study showed a significantly higher percentage of abnormal hearing outcome among neonates of diabetic mothers than non diabetic mothers. This could be because of the toxic effects of maternal hyperglycemia on developing auditory system of the fetus. This study emphasis the need for better glycaemic control in diabetic pregnancy, the importance of early and mandatory hearing screening in newborns of diabetic mothers.
The role of activated protein C resistance in the pathogenesis of venous thrombosis.; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is the third most common cardiovascular disease in the United States. VTE is usually a consequence of either acquired or inherited alterations in hemostatic regulatory proteins. These regulatory proteins are predominantly those of the protein C/protein S natural anticoagulant pathway. Acquired deficiencies in this pathway are frequently a consequence of other clinical entities (eg, cancer, AIDS, and diabetes), while inherited deficiencies can be responsible for venous thrombosis in an otherwise healthy individual. The purpose of this article is to briefly describe the pathobiology of the anticoagulant protein system and to review the clinical implications of activated protein C resistance.
Shortened activated partial thromboplastin time: causes and management.; Throughout the long history of the hemostasis laboratory, and as an evaluation of the coagulation cascade, the results of the activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) have primarily been considered as an index of loss-of-function and rarely as an index of gain-of-function. Nevertheless, there are now several clinical and technical reasons that no longer allow us to simply ignore or overlook shortened APTTs in laboratory practice. It has long been suspected that the leading cause of shortened APTTs are related to preanalytical problems, in which case it would be inappropriate for a laboratory to issue such a test result, which would expectedly not adequately mirror the patient's true condition. Should such artifactual results be reliably ruled out, that is by confirming short APTT values on subsequent samples, it would then be worth considering to troubleshoot potential causes, inasmuch as this phenomenon may reflect a variety of clinically meaningful conditions, including an increased risk of thromboembolic events, cancer, myocardial infarction, thyroid disorders, diabetes, and pregnancy. Although there are no univocal data supporting the origin of this singular phenomenon as yet, we strongly encourage the utility of postanalytical laboratory guidance, including a relevant short accompanying comment in the laboratory report linked to the APTT test result, for example, noting 'Short APTT-potentially reflective of in-vitro activation of blood coagulation due to difficult collection. If the value is systematically confirmed in subsequent samples, please contact the laboratory to help assess the cause'.
Frequency of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy Among Women With Idiopathic Dilated Cardiomyopathy.; Among women with idiopathic dilated cardiomyopathy (IDC), the percent who develop heart failure (HF) in the peripartum period (during pregnancy or within 6 months of parturition) compared with those women who develop HF outside the peripartum period is unclear. We studied 72 women with IDC who underwent orthotopic heart transplantation for severe HF, the onset of which was in the peripartum period in 8 (11%) and outside the period in 64 (89%). Comparison of many clinical and morphologic variables between these 2 groups showed significant differences only in the ages of onset of HF, age when orthotopic heart transplantation was performed, and the frequency of the presence of diabetes mellitus. Examination of the hearts in the 2 groups disclosed no significant differences. Thus, separation of the peripartum IDC cases from the nonperipartum IDC cases by either clinical or cardiac morphologic variables is difficult.
Sleep Disordered Breathing and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 0.6% to 15% of reproductive-aged women. Because of an overlap in symptoms of SDB and normal pregnancy findings, the diagnosis of SDB in pregnancy is challenging. The repetitive arousals, sleep fragmentation, and hypoxias experienced by patients with SDB lead to an increase in oxidative stress and inflammation. In the nonpregnant population SDB is associated with an increased risk of diabetes mellitus, heart disease, and stroke. Increasing evidence identifies an association between SDB in pregnancy and gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal growth abnormalities.
Impact of Family History of Diabetes on Diabetes Control and Complications.; OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to assess the impact of parental and sibling history of type 2 diabetes (T2D) on patient characteristics, glycemic control, and T2D complications. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included adults with T2D. Type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes patients were excluded. The laboratory data were retrieved from the patients' electronic files, and baseline measurements were obtained by the researchers. RESULTS: The study included a total of 511 T2D patients, with a mean age of 60.1 ± 10.9 years and mean hemoglobin A1c of 8.94 ± 2.1% (74.2 ± 22.9 mmol/mol). Of these patients, 54% were male and 49.7% had a parental history of T2D. The patients with parental history of T2D were diagnosed at a younger age and had a higher body mass index (BMI) ( P = .035) and higher waist circumference (WC) ( P = .013) than those T2D patients with no parental history. Approximately 60% of the participants had siblings with a history of T2D, and in comparison with those with no sibling history, they had higher prevalence of cerebrovascular accidents ( P = .02). CONCLUSION: Having a parental history of T2D is significantly associated with diagnosis at a younger age and a higher BMI and WC. Having a sibling history of T2D is significantly associated with worse cerebrovascular outcome. ABBREVIATIONS: ACR = albumin to creatinine ratio; BMI = body mass index; DBP = diastolic blood pressure; DM = diabetes mellitus; FBG = fasting blood glucose; GFR = glomerular filtration rate; HbA1c = hemoglobin A1c; LDL = low-density lipoprotein; SBP = systolic blood pressure; T2D = type 2 diabetes; TG = triglyceride; WC = waist circumference.
Prenatal Clinical Assessment of NT-proBNP as a Diagnostic Tool for Preeclampsia, Gestational Hypertension and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Common complications of pregnancy include preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Hypertensive disorders (PE/GH) and GDM may result in greater maternal, fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Women with PE/GH, one of the most common causes of heart burden in an obstetrical setting, present with elevated serum levels of BNP and NT-proBNP. The aim of this study was to shed more light on the role of NT-proBNP in pathophysiology of PE, GH and GDM. The study included 156 pregnant women with singleton pregnancies. A total of 26 women developed arterial hypertension during pregnancy, 14 were diagnosed with PE, and GDM was detected in 81 patients. The control group included 35 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, normal arterial blood pressure and normal glucose concentrations. Patients with GH presented with significantly higher serum concentrations of NT-proBNPthan normotensive women (65.5 vs. 37.4 pg/ml; p = 0.0136). Serum levels of NT-proBNP in patients with PE were the highest of all the analyzed subsets, being significantly higher than in women without this condition (89.00 vs. 37.4pg/ml,p = 0,0136). However, women with and without GDM did not differ significantly in terms of their serum NT-proBNPconcentrations. Serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) (p = 0.0001) and BMI (p<0.0001) turned out to be independent predictors of GH on multivariate logistic regression analysis.Moreover, serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) was identified as an independent indicator of PE (p = 0.0016). A significant inverse correlation was found between birth weight and maternal serum NT-proBNP concentrations. In our opinion, NT-proBNP can be a useful clinical marker of GH and PE. Determination of NT-proBNP levels may be helpful in identification of patients with PE and GH and in their qualification for intensive treatment; this in turn, may be reflected by better neonatal outcomes.
Pregnancy outcomes of women with untreated 'mild' gestational diabetes (gestational diabetes by the WHO 2013 but not by the WHO-1999 diagnostic criteria) - A population-based cohort study.; AIMS: We compared pregnancy outcomes of untreated 'mild' GDM (GDM by WHO 2013 but not by WHO-1999) to normal glucose tolerant women (NGT). METHODS: In a universal screening program 4333 pregnant women had a 3-point 75 g OGTT in Hungary in 2009-2013. By WHO-2013 untreated NGT was diagnosed in n = 3303, 'mild' GDM in n = 336 cases. RESULTS: 'Mild' GDM women were older (mean difference, SE: 1.4, 0.3 yrs), had higher fasting (1.0, 0.02), 60-minute (1.0, 0.09), and 120-minute (0.4, 0.06 mmol/l) blood glucose, and blood pressure (2.6, 0.5/2.0, 0.5 mmHg). Weight gain was similar in both groups (-0.3, 0.3 kg). GDM newborns were heavier (142, 50 g) and were more frequently macrosomic (>4000 g, OR 1.85, 95 %CI 1.35-2.54). Hypertension during pregnancy was more prevalent in the GDM group (OR 1.55, 95 %CI 1.05-2.28), as well as induced (OR 1.38, 95 %CI 1.10-1.74) and instrumental delivery (OR 1.34, 95 %CI 1.07-1.68), and acute caesarean section (OR 1.32, 95 %CI 1.04-1.64). Most of these differences substantially attenuated or became non-significant after adjustment for pre-pregnancy BMI. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy outcomes of 'mild' GDM were worse compared to normal glucose tolerant women however these differences were explained by the pre-pregnancy BMI difference between groups.
Cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To explore biomarkers indicating cardiovascular disease in pregnant women with diabetes or preeclampsia, since these women are at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. STUDY DESIGN: EDTA-plasma from 262 women in gestational week 24-42 (healthy pregnancies n=71, preeclampsia n=105, type 2 diabetes n=17, gestational diabetes n=61, diabetes with preeclampsia n=8) was analyzed by immunoassay for neopterin, midregional pro-adrenomedullin (MR-proADM) and C-terminal pro-arginine vasopressin (CT-proAVP). The diabetes groups were also analyzed for midregional pro-atrial natriuretic peptide (MR-proANP), and compared to previously reported MR-proANP concentrations for healthy, normotensive and preeclamptic patients. RESULTS: In contrast to preeclampsia, median plasma MR-proANP was not increased in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, but in fact lower, compared to healthy pregnancies. Neopterin was increased in diabetic pregnancies and in late onset preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proADM was increased in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proANP was increased in diabetic pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia compared to pregnant women with diabetes only. CONCLUSION: Women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia are at risk for future cardiovascular disease, but differ in circulating cardiovascular biomarker profile. A cardiovascular biomarker profiling during pregnancy might prove helpful in identifying women at risk for future cardiovascular disease, thus enabling targeted prophylactic interventions and follow-up.
Baicalin administration attenuates hyperglycemia-induced malformation of cardiovascular system.; In this study, the effects of Baicalin on the hyperglycemia-induced cardiovascular malformation during embryo development were investigated. Using early chick embryos, an optimal concentration of Baicalin (6 μM) was identified which could prevent hyperglycemia-induced cardiovascular malformation of embryos. Hyperglycemia-enhanced cell apoptosis was reduced in embryos and HUVECs in the presence of Baicalin. Hyperglycemia-induced excessive ROS production was inhibited when Baicalin was administered. Analyses of SOD, GSH-Px, MQAE and GABAA suggested Baicalin plays an antioxidant role in chick embryos possibly through suppression of outwardly rectifying Cl(-) in the high-glucose microenvironment. In addition, hyperglycemia-enhanced autophagy fell in the presence of Baicalin, through affecting the ubiquitin of p62 and accelerating autophagy flux. Both Baicalin and Vitamin C could decrease apoptosis, but CQ did not, suggesting autophagy to be a protective function on the cell survival. In mice, Baicalin reduced the elevated blood glucose level caused by streptozotocin (STZ). Taken together, these data suggest that hyperglycemia-induced embryonic cardiovascular malformation can be attenuated by Baicalin administration through suppressing the excessive production of ROS and autophagy. Baicalin could be a potential candidate drug for women suffering from gestational diabetes mellitus.
Polycystic ovary syndrome in type 2 diabetes: does it predict a more severe phenotype?; OBJECTIVE: To examine the prevalence of a history of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women with type 2 diabetes (DM2) and to compare metabolic and reproductive outcomes between women with and without PCOS. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Tertiary hospital. PATIENT(S): Female inpatients age 18-75 years with DM2. INTERVENTION(S): A face-to-face questionnaire was administered. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Age at diagnosis of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, and reproductive history, fertility history, number of miscarriages, and morbidity in pregnancy. RESULT(S): One hundred seventy-one inpatients with DM2 participated. The prevalence of a history of PCOS was 37%. Women with PCOS had an earlier mean age of diagnosis of DM2 (44.2 vs. 48.8 years), higher recalled peak body mass index (BMI; 43.1 kg/m(2) vs. 36.8 kg/m(2)), higher rate of gestational diabetes (28% vs. 18%), and higher rate of hypertension in pregnancy (40% vs. 22%). Women with PCOS were less likely to have a family history of DM2 than those without PCOS (45% vs. 67%). CONCLUSION(S): A history of PCOS in women with DM2 is associated with earlier onset of DM2, higher BMI, and a more severe phenotype. Since PCOS subjects were less likely to have a family history of DM2, lack of a family history of DM2 in women with PCOS is not reassuring for DM2 risk. We recommend identifying PCOS in early life and intervening to reduce the risk of diabetes and its comorbidities and suboptimal reproductive outcomes.
Clinical predictors of right ventricular dysfunction and association with adverse outcomes in peripartum cardiomyopathy.; AIMS: We sought to identify factors associated with right ventricular (RV) dysfunction and elevated pulmonary artery systolic pressure (PASP) and association with adverse outcomes in peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). METHODS AND RESULTS: We conducted a multi-centre cohort study to identify subjects with PPCM with the following criteria: left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) < 40%, development of heart failure within the last month of pregnancy or 5 months of delivery, and no other identifiable cause of heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. Outcomes included a composite of (i) major adverse events (need for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation, ventricular assist device, orthotopic heart transplantation, or death) or (ii) recurrent heart failure hospitalization. RV function was obtained from echocardiogram reports. In total, 229 women (1993-2017) met criteria for PPCM. Mean age was 32.4 ± 6.8 years, 28% were of African descent, 50 (22%) had RV dysfunction, and 38 (17%) had PASP ≥ 30 mmHg. After a median follow-up of 3.4 years (interquartile range 1.0-8.8), 58 (25%) experienced the composite outcome of adverse events. African descent, family history of cardiomyopathy, LVEF, and PASP were significant predictors of RV dysfunction. Using Cox proportional hazards models, we found that women with RV dysfunction were three times more likely to experience the adverse composite outcome: hazard ratio 3.21 (95% confidence interval: 1.11-9.28), P = 0.03, in a multivariable model adjusting for age, race, body mass index, preeclampsia, hypertension, diabetes, kidney disease, and LVEF. Women with PASP ≥ 30 mmHg had a lower probability of survival free from adverse events (log-rank P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: African descent and family history of cardiomyopathy were significant predictors of RV dysfunction. RV dysfunction and elevated PASP were significantly associated with a composite of major adverse cardiac events. This at-risk group may prompt closer monitoring or early referral for advanced therapies.
Organ-selective growth in the offspring of protein-restricted mothers.; Recent epidemiological studies in people whose birth weights were recorded many years ago suggest links between impaired growth during early life and the development of diseases, including diabetes, much later in life. The long-term effects of retarded early growth are proposed to result from malnutrition at critical periods of fetal or infant development leading to reduction in the growth of organs and permanent changes in their metabolism or structure, or both. In order to investigate this, a rat model was established which involved feeding either a diet containing 200 g protein/kg or an isoenergetic diet containing 80 g protein/kg to pregnant and lactating rats. In addition, cross-fostering techniques were employed which allowed a separate evaluation of the prenatal or the postnatal periods. The offspring were studied at 21 d of age or were weaned onto a normal laboratory chow and studied at 11 months of age. The 80 g protein/kg diet during pregnancy did not affect the overall reproductive although more subtle differences were evident. Permanent growth retardation was evident in offspring subjected to maternal protein restriction during the postnatal period. At 21 d of age the offspring of protein-restricted mothers exhibited selective changes in organ growth: compared with the body weight, the lung and brain experienced a smaller decrease in weight: the heart, kidney and thymus decreased proportionately: whereas, the pancreas, spleen, muscle and liver showed a greater reduction in weight. In older animals the muscle weight was lower in the male rats and the relative weight of pancreas was increased in the female rats.
The impact of ovulation induction and ovarian stimulation on the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension and on neonatal outcomes: A case/control study.; OBJECTIVES: To study the role of ovarian stimulation procedures on the risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus and neonatal outcomes according to women's characteristics and the causes of infertility. DESIGN: Retrospective, observational, case/control study. PATIENTS: Spontaneous pregnancies (group A, n=8107), pregnancies achieved after mild ovarian ovulation induction without other Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) procedures (group B, n=44), pregnancies after mild ovarian stimulation and ART procedures (group C, n=53) or pregnancies after multi (>2) follicular stimulation with gonadotrophin therapy and ART procedures (group D, n=133); all of the groups had identical protocols for prenatal care. MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), fetal macrosomia (estimated fetal weight >90th percentile), gestational diabetes mellitus, caesarean section, and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: The incidence rates of PIH (2.7, 11.6, 4.2, and 2.5%) in groups A, B, C and D, respectively, (p=0.004), fetal macrosomia (4.7, 7.0, 20.8, and 7.6%, respectively, p<0.001), caesarean section (21.8, 37.2, 21.7, and 17.6%, respectively, p=0.048), differed among the groups. The high incidence of PIH in pregnancies following ovulation induction was driven by polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) per se. CONCLUSION: PCOS per se was associated with more PIH, and ART procedures after mild mono/bi follicular ovarian stimulation were associated with more fetal macrosomia.
Pancreatic agenesis as cause for neonatal diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Pancreatic agenesis is a rare cause of neonatal diabetes mellitus and the knowledge about the clinical features is sparse. A patient with pancreatic agenesis and double outlet right ventricle is reported. This association has not previously been reported. In addition a synopsis of the patients (n = 14) with pancreatic agenesis who have hitherto been described is given. METHOD: We studied one patient and obtained information on 13 additional patients with pancreatic agenesis by reviewing literature. LITERATURE REVIEW: In one patient the pregnancy was terminated at 19 weeks. 31 % (4/13) of the infants died in the first week and 69 % (9/13) in the first six weeks of live, 17 % (2/12) were born preterm and 83 % (10/12) at term, 93 % (13/14) had severe intrauterine growth restriction, onset of diabetes was in 6 out of 10 infants during the first two days of live, ketonuria is rare and has been reported only once. 64 % (9/14) of the infants with pancreatic agenesis had additional malformations mainly of the biliary system (50 %) and/or the heart (36 %). 31 % (4/13) of the infants survived the neonatal period and developed normally. Failure to thrive was compensated by catch-up growth after replacement of pancreatic enzymes and surgical correction of the cardiac malformation. CONCLUSIONS: Pancreatic agenesis is a clinical entity characterized by severe intrauterine growth retardation, early onset of permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus without ketoacidosis, failure to thrive due to pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and associated malformations mainly of the biliary system or of the heart. Because of the high neonatal mortality, awareness of pancreatic agenesis as a possible cause of severe intrauterine growth restriction is important for the optimal treatment of diabetes mellitus, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and the associated malformations.
HbF synthesis during stress erythropoiesis as determined by gamma-mRNA/non-alpha-mRNA quantification.; To determine whether a quantitative relationship exists between globin mRNAs and their translation product during stress erythropoiesis in infants with increased production of fetal hemoglobin (HbF), we measured and compared the relative amounts of the mRNAs of alpha-, beta-, and gamma-globins and their protein synthesis. The synthesis of globin in immature red cells was determined by the incorporation of [3H]leucine, followed by separation and quantification of the polypeptides by C4-reverse phase HPLC. The relative proportions of the mRNAs of the globins were determined by RNase protection assay. A comparison of blood samples from 17 infants expected to have increased production of HbF in relation to their developmental age (five infants of diabetic mothers, two infants with intrauterine growth retardation, one infant with bronchopulmonary dysplasia, and seven infants with cyanotic heart disease) revealed a very significant correlation (r2 = 0.994; p < 0.001) between the ratio of globin mRNAs encoding HbF ([gamma/(gamma + beta)] mRNAs) and the ratios of the de novo synthesis of HbF [gamma/(gamma + beta)]. When only the 10 infants who had increased HbF synthesis are included, the correlation remains unchanged (r2 = 0.997, p < 0.001). The data demonstrated that under conditions of erythropoietic stress, when HbF production is increased, there is a close relationship between the quantification of gamma-globin mRNA and gamma-globin synthesis. The usual methods of determining HbF synthesis can be replaced by globin mRNA determination, which can be performed rapidly with a minimal amount of blood.
Low birth weight, a risk factor for diseases in later life, is a surrogate of insulin resistance at birth.; : Low birth weight (LBW) is associated with diseases in adulthood. The birthweight attributed risk is independent of confounding such as gestational age, sex of the newborn but also social factors. The birthweight attributed risk for diseases in later life holds for the whole spectrum of birthweight. This raises the question what pathophysiological principle is actually behind the association. In this review, we provide evidence that LBW is a surrogate of insulin resistance. Insulin resistance has been identified as a key factor leading to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease as well as kidney diseases. We first provide evidence linking LBW to insulin resistance during intrauterine life. This might be caused by both genetic (genetic variations of genes controlling glucose homeostasis) and/or environmental factors (due to alterations of macronutrition and micronutrition of the mother during pregnancy, but also effects of paternal nutrition prior to conception) leading via epigenetic modifications to early life insulin resistance and alterations of intrauterine growth, as insulin is a growth factor in early life. LBW is rather a surrogate of insulin resistance in early life - either due to inborn genetic or environmental reasons - rather than a player on its own.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus and mental health among BAME populations.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of mental health (MH) disorders including antenatal and postnatal depression (PND), anxiety and post-traumatic-stress-disorder (PTSD). We hypothesized GDM and MH disorders will disproportionately affect individuals from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic backgrounds. METHODS: A systematic methodology was developed, and a protocol was published in PROSPERO (CRD42020210863) and a systematic review of publications between 1st January 1990 and 30th January 2021 was conducted. Multiple electronic databases were explored using keywords and MeSH terms. The finalised dataset was analysed using statistical methods such as random-effect models, subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis. These were used to determine odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) to establish prevalence using variables of PND, anxiety, PTSD and stress to name a few. FINDINGS: Sixty studies were finalised from the 20,040 data pool. Forty-six studies were included systematically with 14 used to meta-analyze GDM and MH outcomes. A second meta-analysis was conducted using 7 studies to determine GDM risk among Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic women with pre-existing MH disorders. The results indicate an increased risk with pooled adjusted OR for both reflected at 1.23, 95% CI of 1.00-1.50 and 1.29, 95% CI of 1.11-1.50 respectively. INTERPRETATION: The available studies suggest a MH sequalae with GDM as well as a sequalae of GDM with MH among Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic populations. Our findings warrant further future exploration to better manage these patients. FUNDING: Not applicable.
Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and subsequently measured cardiovascular risk factors.; OBJECTIVE: To study the association of hypertensive pregnancy disorders with modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and to estimate the feasibility for early detection and prevention. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 15,065 women with a first singleton birth between 1967 and 1995, who later participated in a population study that included standardized measurements of blood pressure, serum lipids, and body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (preeclampsia or gestational hypertension) had higher BMI, higher blood pressure, and unfavorable levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides. Preeclampsia was associated with substantially higher risk of developing diabetes (odds ratio 3.8, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.1-6.6), and if the hypertensive disorder occurred in more than one pregnancy, or in a relatively late pregnancy, the associations with later cardiovascular risk factors were substantially stronger. Thus, women with two episodes of preeclampsia were approximately 10 times more likely to use blood pressure medication at follow-up (adjusted odds ratio, 11.6, 95% CI 7.1-26.3), and in women with gestational hypertension in three consecutive pregnancies, systolic pressure was on average 27 mm Hg (95% CI 18-37 mm Hg) higher, and diastolic pressure was 12 mm Hg (95% CI 5-19 mm Hg) higher, compared with women without a history of hypertensive disorders. Adjustment for current body mass index partly attenuated these associations, suggesting that BMI may play an important mediating role. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, and particularly women with recurrent pregnancy disorders, should be candidates for intervention intended to prevent premature cardiovascular disease. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Long-term health outcomes in children born to mothers with diabetes: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: To examine whether prenatal exposure to parental type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, or gestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of malignant neoplasm or diseases of the circulatory system in the offspring. METHODS/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: We conducted a population-based cohort study of 1,781,576 singletons born in Denmark from 1977 to 2008. Children were followed for up to 30 years from the day of birth until the onset of the outcomes under study, death, emigration, or December 31, 2009, whichever came first. We used Cox proportional hazards model to estimate hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for the outcomes under study while adjusting for potential confounders. An increased risk of malignant neoplasm was found in children prenatally exposed to maternal type 2 diabetes (HR = 2.2, 95%CI: 1.5-3.2). An increased risk of diseases of the circulatory system was found in children exposed to maternal type 1 diabetes (HR = 2.2, 95%CI: 1.6-3.0), type 2 diabetes (HR = 1.4, 95%CI: 1.1-1.7), and gestational diabetes (HR = 1.3, 95%CI: 1.1-1.6), but results were attenuated after excluding children with congenital malformations. An increased risk of diseases of the circulatory system was also found in children exposed to paternal type 2 diabetes (HR = 1.5, 95%CI: 1.1-2.2) and the elevated risk remained after excluding children with congenital malformations. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that susceptibility to malignant neoplasm is modified partly by fetal programming. Diseases of the circulatory system may be modified by genetic factors, other time-stable family factors, or fetal programming.
High Uric Acid Levels During Pregnancy Linked to Increased Risk for Future Atherosclerotic-Related Hospitalization.; The aim of this study was to examine the association between uric acid (UA) level during pregnancy and future maternal hospitalization for atherosclerotic-related morbidity. A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000 to 2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity at least 1 year after their last delivery (n=588) and controls (n=3645). The mean follow-up duration was 57.8±35.6 months and 77±43.4 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for hospitalizations. A significant linear association was documented between UA during pregnancy and long-term maternal-related atherosclerotic morbidity. A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for the confounders gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level, and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that UA ≥5.6 mg/dL during pregnancy remained independently associated with long-term total hospitalization (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.47; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-1.86; P<.001). High UA level during pregnancy may predict maternal atherosclerotic morbidity.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy, usually developing in the third trimester and remitting spontaneously 4-6 weeks post-partum. It is mainly caused by excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts which metabolises arginine vasopressin (AVP). Its diagnosis is challenging, and the treatment requires desmopressin. A 38-year-old Chinese woman was referred in the 37th week of her first single-gestation due to polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia. She was known to have gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed in the second trimester, well-controlled with diet. Her medical history was unremarkable. Physical examination demonstrated decreased skin turgor; her blood pressure was 102/63 mmHg, heart rate 78 beats/min and weight 53 kg (BMI 22.6 kg/m(2)). Laboratory data revealed low urine osmolality 89 mOsmol/kg (350-1000), serum osmolality 293 mOsmol/kg (278-295), serum sodium 144 mmol/l (135-145), potassium 4.1 mmol/l (3.5-5.0), urea 2.2 mmol/l (2.5-6.7), glucose 3.5 mmol/l and HbA1c 5.3%. Bilirubin, alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase and full blood count were normal. The patient was started on desmopressin with improvement in her symptoms, and normalisation of serum and urine osmolality (280 and 310 mOsmol/kg respectively). A fetus was delivered at the 39th week without major problems. After delivery, desmopressin was stopped and she had no further evidence of polyuria, polydipsia or nocturia. Her sodium, serum/urine osmolality at 12-weeks post-partum were normal. A pituitary magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed the neurohypophyseal T1-bright spot situated ectopically, with a normal adenohypophysis and infundibulum. She remains clinically well, currently breastfeeding, and off all medication. This case illustrates some challenges in the diagnosis and management of transient gestational DI. LEARNING POINTS: Gestational DI is a rare complication of pregnancy occurring in two to four out of 100 000 pregnancies. It usually develops at the end of the second or third trimester of pregnancy and remits spontaneously 4-6 weeks after delivery.Gestational DI occurrence is related to excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts during pregnancy, which metabolises AVP. Its activity is proportional to the placental weight, explaining the higher vasopressinase activity in third trimester or in multiple pregnancies.Vasopressinase is metabolised by the liver, which most likely explains its higher concentrations in pregnant women with hepatic dysfunction, such acute fatty liver of pregnancy, HELLP syndrome, hepatitis and cirrhosis. Therefore, it is important to assess liver function in patients with gestational DI, and to be aware of the risk of DI in pregnant women with liver disease.Serum and urine osmolality are essential for the diagnosis, but other tests such as serum sodium, glucose, urea, creatinine, liver function may be informative. The water deprivation test is normally not recommended during pregnancy because it may lead to significant dehydration, but a pituitary MRI should be performed at some point to exclude lesions in the hypothalamo-pituitary region.These patients should be monitored for vital signs, fluid balance, body weight, fetal status, renal and liver function, and treated with desmopressin. The recommended doses are similar or slightly higher than those recommended for central DI in non-pregnant women, and should be titrated individually.
The use of antiplatelet therapy in the outpatient setting: Canadian Cardiovascular Society guidelines.; Antiplatelet agents are a cornerstone of therapy for patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease. There is presently a lack of comprehensive guidelines focusing on the use of antiplatelet drugs in patients currently manifesting or at elevated risk of cardiovascular disease. The Canadian Antiplatelet Therapy Guidelines Committee reviewed existing disease-based guidelines and subsequently published literature and used expert opinion and review to develop guidelines on the use of antiplatelet therapy in the outpatient setting. This full document has been summarized in an Executive Summary published in the Canadian Journal of Cardiology and may be found at http://www.ccs.ca/. Antiplatelet therapy appears to be generally underused, perhaps in part because of a lack of clear, evidence-based guidance. Here, we provide specific guidelines for secondary prevention in patients discharged from hospital following acute coronary syndromes, post-percutaneous coronary intervention, post-coronary artery bypass grafting, patients with a history of transient cerebral ischemic events or strokes, and patients with peripheral arterial disease. Issues related to primary prevention are also addressed, in addition to special clinical contexts such as diabetes, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, pregnancy/lactation, and perioperative management. Recommendations are provided regarding pharmacologic interactions that may occur during combination therapy with warfarin, clopidogrel and proton-pump inhibitors, or acetylsalicylic acid and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, as well as for the management of bleeding complications.
Effects of Telemetric Interventions on Maternal and Fetal or Neonatal Outcomes in Gestational Diabetes: Systematic Meta-Review.; BACKGROUND: In 2019, 1 of 6 births was affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) globally. GDM results in adverse maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes in the short and long term, such as pregnancy and birth complications, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In the context of "transgenerational programming," diabetes mellitus during pregnancy can contribute to "programming" errors and long-term consequences for the child. Therefore, early therapy strategies are required to improve the clinical management of GDM. The interest in digital therapy approaches, such as telemetry, has increased because they are promising, innovative, and sustainable. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the current evidence regarding the clinical effectiveness of telemetric interventions in the management of GDM, addressing maternal glycemic control, scheduled and unscheduled visits, satisfaction, diabetes self-efficacy, compliance, maternal complications in pregnancy and childbirth, as well as fetal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: Medline via PubMed, Web of Science Core Collection, Embase, Cochrane Library, and CINAHL databases were systematically searched from January 2008 to April 2020. We included randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, meta-analyses, and clinical trials in English and German. Study quality was assessed using "A MeaSurement Tool to Assess systematic Reviews" and "Effective Public Health Practice Project." RESULTS: Our search identified 1116 unique studies. Finally, we included 11 suitable studies (including a total of 563 patients and 2779 patient cases): 4 systematic reviews or meta-analyses (1 of high quality and 3 of moderate quality), 6 randomized controlled trials (2 of high quality and 4 of moderate quality), and 1 low-quality nonrandomized controlled trial. We classified 4 "asynchronous interventions" and 3 "asynchronous and real-time interventions." Our findings indicate that telemetric therapy clearly improves glycemic control and effectively reduces glycated hemoglobin A(1c) levels. Furthermore, in 1 study, telemetry proved to be a significant predictor for a better glycemic control (hazard ratio=1.71, 95% CI 1.11-2.65; P=.02), significantly fewer insulin titrations were required (P=.04), and glycemic control was achieved earlier. Telemetric therapy significantly reduced scheduled and unscheduled clinic visits effectively, and women were highly satisfied with the treatment (P<.05). From fetal and neonatal short-term outcomes, some improving tendencies in favor of telemetry were determined. No long-term outcomes were detected. CONCLUSIONS: Telemetric interventions clearly improved glycemic control, notably glycated hemoglobin A(1c) levels, and reduced scheduled and unscheduled clinic visits effectively, which reinforces this digital approach in the treatment of GDM.
Nongenomic memory of foetal history in chronic diseases development.; Foetal growth from conception to birth is a complex process predetermined by the genetic configuration of the foetus, the availability of nutrients and oxygen to the foetus, maternal nutrition and various growth factors and hormones of maternal, foetal and placental origin. Maintenance of the optimal foetal environment is the key factor of the future quality of life. Such conditions like inadequate nutrition and oxygen supply, infection, hypertension, gestational diabetes or drug abuse by the mother, expose the foetus to nonphysiological environment. In conditions of severe intrauterine deprivation, there is a potential loss of structural units within the developing organ systems affecting their functionality and efficiency. Extensive human epidemiologic and animal model data indicate that during critical periods of prenatal and postnatal mammalian development, nutrition and other environmental stimuli influence developmental pathways and thereby induce permanent changes in metabolism and chronic disease susceptibility. The studies reviewed in this article show how environmental factors influence a diverse array of molecular mechanisms and consequently alter disease risk including diseases such as metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus, neuropsychiatric disorders, osteoporosis, asthma and immune system diseases.
Metabolic Profile of Offspring of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as diabetes diagnosed in the second or third trimester of pregnancy that was not clearly overt diabetes before gestation. Unrecognized and untreated GDM confers significantly greater maternal and fetal risk, which is largely related to the degree of hyperglycemia. The specific risks of diabetes in pregnancy include but are not limited to, spontaneous abortion, pre-eclampsia, fetal anomalies, macrosomia, neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and respiratory distress syndrome. Additionally, GDM is also implicated in long-term metabolic derangements in the offspring in the form of obesity/overweight, hypertension, dysglycemia, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemias later in life. To determine the prevalence of anthropometric and metabolic derangements in children between 1 and 5 years of age, born to women with GDM. METHODS: This hospital-based cross-sectional study was conducted between November 2019 and November 2021 at our Pediatric Endocrine Clinic. Women were diagnosed as having GDM based on the American Diabetes Association Criteria (2019). History regarding the treatment of the GDM (diet only/diet and medical treatment) and detailed physical examination, including anthropometry and blood pressure, were recorded. Blood samples were collected from children for the estimation of their metabolic profile. RESULTS: Overweight, obesity, and severe obesity were present in 18 (11.3%), 2 (1.3%), and 2 (1.3%) children, respectively. Hypertension was found in 21 (19.4%) children. Elevated LDL, triglyceride, and total cholesterol were seen in 3 (1.9%), 84 (52.5%), and 1 (0.6%) children, respectively. Impaired fasting glucose (IFG) was found in 6 (3.8%) children, while 27 (16.9%) subjects were found to be having impaired glucose tolerance after OGTT. Insulin resistance was found in 30 (18.8%) children. GDM mothers with a higher BMI tended to have children with a higher BMI (correlation coefficient, r = .414, P < .001). Higher serum triglyceride levels (r = -0.034, P = 0.672) were recorded in children, irrespective of the BMI of their mothers. There was no significant correlation of maternal BMI with blood pressure (r = -0.134, P = 0.091) or with HOMA-IR (r = 0.00, P = 0.996) in children. However, mothers with a higher BMI had children with statistically higher fasting blood glucose (r = +0.339, P = <0.001) as well as blood glucose 2 hours after OGTT (r = +0.297, P = <0.001). This positive correlation of maternal BMI with the glucose metabolism of their offspring was observed for both male and female genders. CONCLUSION: Children of women with GDM had a higher BMI, and the mode of treatment for GDM did not lead to differences in childhood BMI. The higher BMI of a GDM mother is associated with altered glucose metabolism in their offspring. Deranged levels of triglyceride across the gender were not found to be statistically significant. This has implications for future metabolic and cardiovascular risks in targeting this group for intervention studies to prevent obesity and disorders of glucose metabolism as one potential strategy to prevent adverse metabolic health outcomes.
Follow-up of pregnancy in acromegalic women: different presentations and outcomes.; Pregnancy in acromegaly is a rather rare event since the fertility is reduced in acromegalic women. Besides, metabolic complications of acromegaly are harmful to both mother and fetus. Little is known about the outcome of pregnancy in acromegalic women. Here, we report seven cases of pregnancy out of 48 acromegalic women followed for 16 years. At diagnosis, five patients had macroadenoma, one patient had microadenoma and the size of the tumor was not documented in one patient. In one patient, acromegaly was initially diagnosed during pregnancy at 29 weeks. When she was 33 weeks, she developed pituitary apoplexy and had an emergency transsphenoidal resection of her macroadenoma during which she also had a cesarian section and delivered a healthy baby girl. In the remaining six patients, pregnancy occurred 6 to 64.5 months after the adenoma resection. Three patients received radiotherapy before getting pregnant. In three patients, pregnancy occurred during bromocriptine treatment and the drug was withdrawn. In one patient, pregnancy occurred during chronic octreotide treatment and therapeutic abortion was performed. In another patient, therapeutic abortion was performed because of uncontrolled disease. In the remaining four patients, there were neither worsening of symptoms nor tumor growth. All four patients gave birth to full-term healthy infants. Out of our seven patients, two developed gestational diabetes mellitus which was controlled with diet. None of the patients had coronary artery disease, hypertension or dyslipidemia. These cases show that pregnancy might be uneventful in acromegalic women when the disease is controlled with prior surgery and radiotherapy.
Causes of retinopathy of prematurity: an epidemiologic perspective.; This chapter presents a strategy for integration of the current thinking about the causes of ROP. Application of these concepts assumes that results of any etiologic study are derived from valid methods. Discussion of principles of validity in epidemiologic studies is beyond the scope of this paper. However, reference was made to two sources of invalidity in studies of the causes of ROP: 1) the empirical or operational definition and measurement of the conceptual cause, and 2) confounding by degree of immaturity of retinal vasculatures, particularly with regard to interpretation of duration of ventilatory support as a cause of ROP. The distinction was made between an agent that initiates or promotes disease mechanism and a cause. Failure to appreciate this distinction has contributed to the confusion about the role of oxygen in the pathogenesis of retinopathy. Apart from settings of oxygen mismanagement, oxygen per se is part of the mechanism for development of disease. Certainly there are other biochemical requirements in addition to oxygen that set the stage for full-blown disease. Factors that are associated with the disruption of normal development of retinal vasculature and are susceptible to manipulation (either by reduction or elimination) during the prenatal and postnatal period may be more useful component causes to investigate.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS): Long-term metabolic consequences.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in women during their reproductive ages, associated with a plethora of cardiometabolic consequences, with obesity, insulin resistance and hyperandrogenemia playing a major role in the degree of such manifestations. These consequences include increased risk of glucose intolerance and diabetes mellitus (both type 2 and gestational), atherogenic dyslipidemia, systemic inflammation, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension and coagulation disorders. Whether this cluster of metabolic abnormalities is also translated in increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity and mortality in later life, remains to be established. Data so far based on markers of subclinical atherosclerosis as well as retrospective and prospective cohort studies indicate a possible increased CVD risk, mainly for coronary heart disease. Future studies are needed to further elucidate this issue.
Determinants of risk for venous and arterial thrombosis in primary antiphospholipid syndrome and in antiphospholipid syndrome with systemic lupus erythematosus.; OBJECTIVE: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is characterized by thrombosis (venous and arterial) and pregnancy loss in conjunction with the lupus anticoagulant, IgG or IgM anticardiolipin, or IgG or IgM anti-beta2-glycoprotein I. In most series, only a minority of patients with antiphospholipid antibodies develop a clinical manifestation. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of consecutive patients in the Hopkins Lupus Center was performed. Interviews were done and records were reviewed for the following variables: gender, ethnicity, hypertension, triglycerides, cholesterol, smoking, diabetes mellitus, homocysteine, cancer, hepatitis C, hormone replacement therapy/oral contraceptives, hereditary thrombophilia, anticardiolipin antibodies IgG, IgM and IgA, and lupus anticoagulant (LAC). Our aim was to identify risk factors associated with thrombosis and pregnancy loss in patients with antiphospholipid antibodies. RESULTS: A total of 122 patients (84% female, 74% Caucasian) were studied. Patients were divided into 3 groups: primary APS, APS associated with systemic lupus erythematosus, and patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) with antiphospholipid antibodies but no thrombosis or pregnancy loss. Venous thrombosis was associated with high triglycerides (p=0.001), hereditary thrombophilia (p=0.02), anticardiolipin antibodies IgG>40 (p=0.04), and LAC (p=0.012). Hypertriglyceridemia was associated with a 6.4-fold increase, hereditary thrombophilia with a 7.3-fold increase, and anticardiolipin IgG>40 GPL with a 2.8-fold increase in the risk of venous thrombosis. Arterial thrombosis was associated with hypertension (p=0.008) and elevated homocysteine (p=0.044). Hypertension was associated with a 2.4-fold increase in the risk of arterial thrombosis. No correlations were found for pregnancy loss. CONCLUSION: The frequency of thrombosis and pregnancy loss is greater in APS associated with SLE than in primary APS. Risk factors differ for venous and arterial thrombosis in APS. Treatment of hypertension may be the most important intervention to reduce arterial thrombosis. Elevated triglycerides are a major associate of venous thrombosis, but the benefit of treatment is not known. Hereditary thrombophilia is an associate of venous but not arterial thrombosis, making it cost-effective to investigate only in venous thrombosis.
Comparison of birth weight corrected for gestational age and birth weight alone in prediction of development of childhood leukemia and central nervous system tumors.; INTRODUCTION: High birth weight (HBW) is an established risk factor for childhood acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). The purpose of this study was to evaluate if birth weight (BW) corrected-for-gestational age is a better predictor than BW alone for occurrence of ALL and other malignancies in children. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Birth certificate data of 2,254 children with cancer who were younger than 5 years old at diagnosis and registered at Texas Cancer Registry during 1995-2003 were compared to 11,734 age-matched controls. Multivariable logistic regression was used to compare models with BW corrected-for-gestational age and BW alone. RESULTS: Compared to children who were appropriate for gestational age (AGA), children who were large for gestational age (LGA) at birth had a 1.66 times (95% CI 1.32-2.10) higher odds of ALL. Similarly, children with a BW > or =4,000 g had a 1.5 times (95% CI 1.18-1.89) higher odds for ALL, compared to children who weighed >2,500 and <4,000 g at birth. Using model diagnostics, the model containing BW corrected-for-gestational age was a better predictor than the model with BW alone [Akaike's Information Criterion (AIC) 4,646 vs. 4,658, respectively]. Odds ratios (OR) were similar for LGA children who were <4,000 g and LGA children who were > or =4,000 g (OR = 1.5, 95% CI 0.97-2.5 and OR = 1.67, 95% CI 1.29-2.16, respectively). BW was not an independent risk factor for acute myeloid leukemia or brain tumors. CONCLUSION: BW corrected-for-gestational age is a better predictor than BW alone of risk for ALL. Future studies using BW variable should incorporate gestational age in their analyses.
Poor glycemic control in younger women attending Malaysian public primary care clinics: findings from adults diabetes control and management registry.; BACKGROUND: Women of reproductive age are a group of particular concern as diabetes may affect their pregnancy outcome as well as long-term morbidity and mortality. This study aimed to compare the clinical profiles and glycemic control of reproductive and non-reproductive age women with type 2 diabetes (T2D) in primary care settings, and to determine the associated factors of poor glycemic control in the reproductive age group women. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study using cases reported by public primary care clinics to the Adult Diabetes Control and Management registry from 1st January to 31st December 2009. All Malaysian women aged 18 years old and above and diagnosed with T2D for at least 1 year were included in the analysis. The target for glycemic control (HbA1c < 6.5%) is in accordance to the recommended national guidelines. Both univariate and multivariate approaches of logistic regression were applied to determine whether reproductive age women have an association with poor glycemic control. RESULTS: Data from a total of 30,427 women were analyzed and 21.8% (6,622) were of reproductive age. There were 12.5% of reproductive age women and 18.0% of non-reproductive age women that achieved glycemic control. Reproductive age group women were associated with poorer glycemic control (OR = 1.5, 95% CI = 1.2-1.8). The risk factors associated with poor glycemic control in the reproductive age women were being of Malay and Indian race, longer duration of diabetes, patients on anti-diabetic agents, and those who had not achieved the target total cholesterol and triglycerides. CONCLUSION: Women with T2D have poor glycemic control, but being of reproductive age was associated with even poorer control. Health care providers need to pay more attention to this group of patients especially for those with risk factors. More aggressive therapeutic strategies to improve their cardiometabolic control and pregnancy outcome are warranted.
Social Determinants of Health, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Individuals of Vietnamese Origin.; In 2022, the Vietnamese population in the United States (US) comprises 2.2 million individuals, and Vietnam ranks as the sixth most frequent country of origin among immigrants in the US. The American Heart Association and the National Institutes of Health have called for research to define the burden of cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease, and their determinants across Asian American subgroups, including Vietnamese Americans. Despite these calls, Vietnamese Americans remain remarkably overlooked in cardiovascular research in the US. Studies in Vietnam, small cross-sectional surveys in the US, and research using US mortality data point to a high prevalence of hypertension and tobacco use among men and a high incidence of gestational diabetes among women. Moreover, Vietnamese Americans have one of the highest rates of cerebrovascular mortality in the country. Adverse social determinants of health-including frequent language barriers, limited health literacy, and low average income-have been suggested as important factors that contribute to cardiovascular risk in this group. In this narrative review, we summarize the existing knowledge in this space, highlight the distinct characteristics of cardiac risk in both Vietnamese and Vietnamese American individuals, discuss upstream determinants, and identify key knowledge gaps. We then outline several proposed interventions and emphasize the need for further studies in this underrepresented population. Our aim is to increase awareness of the significant burden of risk factors and cardiovascular disease shouldered by this large-but thus far overlooked-population in the US, boost research in this space, and help inform tailored, effective preventive interventions.
Sex differences in the effects of whole-life, low-dose cadmium exposure on postweaning high-fat diet-induced cardiac pathogeneses.; We previously showed the development of cardiac remodeling (hypertrophy or fibrosis) in mice with either post-weaning high-fat diet (HFD, 60% kcal fat) feeding or exposure to chronic low-dose cadmium. Here, we determined whether whole-life exposure to environmentally relevant, low-dose cadmium affects the susceptibility of offspring to post-weaning HFD-induced cardiac pathologies and function. Besides, we also determined whether these effects are sex-dependent. Male and female mice were exposed to cadmium-containing (0, 0.5, or 5 parts per million [ppm]) drinking water before breeding; the pregnant mice and dams with offspring continually drank the same cadmium-containing water. After weaning, the offspring were continued on the same regime as their parents and fed either a HFD or normal fat diet for 24 weeks. Cardiac function was examined with echocardiography. Cardiac tissues were used for the histopathological and biochemical (gene and protein expression by real-time PCR and Western blotting) assays. Results showed a dose-dependent cadmium accumulation in the hearts of male and female mice along with decreased cardiac zinc and copper levels only in female offspring. Exposure to 5 ppm, but not 0.5 ppm, cadmium significantly enhanced HFD cardiac effects only in female mice, shown by worsened cardiac systolic and diastolic dysfunction (ejection fraction, mitral E-to-annular e' ratio), increased fibrosis (collagen, fibronectin, collagen1A1), hypertrophy (cardiomyocyte size, atrial natriuretic peptide, β-myosin heavy chain), and inflammation (intercellular adhesion molecule-1, tumor necrosis factor-α, plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1), compared to the HFD group. These synergistic effects were associated with activation of the p38 mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPK) signaling pathway and increased oxidative stress, shown by 3-nitrotyrosine and malondialdehyde, along with decreased metallothionein expression. These results suggest that whole-life 5 ppm cadmium exposure significantly increases the susceptibility of female offspring to HFD-induced cardiac remodeling and dysfunction. The underlying mechanism and potential intervention will be further explored in the future.
Maternal low-protein diet programs cardiac beta-adrenergic response and signaling in 3-mo-old male offspring.; Low birth weight in humans is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Humans with heart failure have a reduced beta-adrenergic response. The aim of this study was to investigate the hemodynamic response to the beta-adrenergic agonist isoproterenol and to identify molecular deficiencies that may be predictive of cardiac failure in a low-birth weight rodent model that develops insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Wistar rats were fed a control or a low-protein (LP) diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. The resting heart rate and blood pressure of the 3-mo-old male offspring of these dams, termed "control" and "LP" groups, respectively, and their responses to isoproterenol (ISO) infusion were monitored by radiotelemetry. The protein expression of beta-adrenergic signaling components was also measured by Western blot analysis. Basal heart rate was increased in LP offspring (P<0.04), although mean arterial pressure was comparable with controls. Chronotropic effects of ISO were blunted in LP offspring with significant delays to maximal response (P=0.01), a shorter duration of response (P=0.03), and a delayed return to baseline (P=0.01) at the lower dose (0.1 microg.kg-1.min-1). At the higher dose (1.0 microg.kg-1.min-1 ISO), inotropic response was blunted (P=0.03) but quicker (P=0.001). In heart tissue of LP offspring, beta1-adrenergic receptor expression was reduced (P<0.03). beta1-Adrenergic receptor kinase and both stimulatory and inhibitory G protein levels remained unchanged, whereas beta-arrestin levels were higher (P<0.03). Finally, insulin receptor-beta expression was reduced in LP offspring (P<0.012). LP offspring have reduced beta-adrenergic responsiveness and attenuated adrenergic and insulin signaling, suggesting that intrauterine undernutrition alters heart failure risk.
The grand multipara in modern obstetrics.; From April 1985 to March 1986, 1,252 women were admitted for delivery at the Al Hada Armed Forces Hospital, Taif, Saudi Arabia. Of these, 224 (17.9%) were grand multiparas (GM) defined as mothers of parity greater than or equal to 6. History, labor and delivery as well as postpartum and neonatal courses were recorded using computerized records for later statistical calculations. The obstetric and perinatal outcome was calculated comparing the GMs to para-1 mothers and para-2-5 patients (P2-5), respectively. The latter group being empirically considered as the 'ideal' patient group. On comparing the GM group to that of P2-5, significantly higher frequencies of intercurrent diseases, especially diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, were found. Among GMs, transverse lie, primary uterine inertia, fetal heart rate abnormalities, failure to progress and postpartum hemorrhage were encountered significantly more often than in the other groups. The incidence of placenta previa was likewise significantly increased among the GMs as was the number of cesarean sections, particularly those of the primary emergency type. There was no maternal mortality. The perinatal morbidity was significantly higher in the GM group. However, no significant difference in perinatal mortality was found between the groups. It is concluded that with few exceptions the GM can be safely delivered by means of modern obstetric management.
Alcohol consumption, types of alcoholic beverages and risk of venous thromboembolism - the Tromsø Study.; Moderate alcohol consumption has been shown to protect against cardiovascular diseases. The association between alcohol consumption, especially types of alcoholic beverages, and venous thromboembolism (VTE) is less well described. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of alcohol consumption and different alcoholic beverages on risk of VTE. Information on alcohol consumption was collected by a self-administrated questionnaire in 26,662 subjects, aged 25-97 years, who participated in the Tromsø Study, in 1994-1995. Subjects were followed through September 1, 2007 with incident VTE as the primary outcome. There were 460 incident VTE-events during a median of 12.5 years of follow-up. Total alcohol consumption was not associated with risk of incident VTE. However, subjects consuming ≥ 3 units of liquor per week had 53% increased risk of VTE compared to teetotalers in analyses adjusted for age, sex, body mass index, smoking, diabetes, cancer, previous cardiovascular disease, physical activity and higher education (HR: 1.53, 95% CI: 1.00-2.33). Contrary, subjects with a wine intake of ≥ 3 units/week had 22% reduced risk of VTE (HR: 0.78, 95% CI: 0.47-1.30), further adjustment for liquor and beer intake strengthened the protective effect of wine (HR: 0.53, 95% CI: 0.30-1.00). Frequent binge drinkers (≥ 1/week) had a 17% increased risk of VTE compared to teetotallers (HR 1.17, 95% CI: 0.66-2.09), and a 47% increased risk compared to non-binge drinkers (HR 1.47, 95% CI: 0.85-2.54). In conclusion, liquor consumption and binge drinking was associated with increased risk of VTE, whereas wine consumption was possibly associated with reduced risk of VTE.
Management of inherited thrombophilia in pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This review summarizes the currently available data concerning risk and management of venous thromboembolism in pregnant women with inherited thrombophilia. SUMMARY: Pregnancy is a hypercoagulable state, and inherited thrombophilia increases this risk further. Despite the risks, the actual incidence of venous thromboembolism remains low, and therefore, the widespread use of anticoagulants for pregnant women with inherited thrombophilia is not advised. Although randomized, placebo-controlled trials investigating the risks and benefits of anticoagulation have not been performed, there are data to support the use of low molecular weight heparin for high and intermediate-risk women. We will review these data and treatment recommendations, which are based on retrospective and case-control studies as well as expert opinion and consensus statements.
Fetal growth and consequences for later life.; There is evidence that an abnormal intrauterine environment has consequences for later life. Intrauterine growth retardation is associated with low insulin secretion during fetal life and probably a reduced development of insulin receptors. In later life these alterations can induce insulin resistance. Macrosomia is associated with an increased insulin secretion during fetal life and exhaustion of the insulin producing B cells. In later life a reduced insulin secretion is found. The working mechanisms have been explored in experimental studies. Normalisation of the diabetic intrauterine milieu can prevent consequences in later life. There are also indications that vascular changes in later life can be reduced by anti-oxidantia. In the human intrauterine growth retardation is related in later life with insulin resistance, vascular diseases and preeclampsia; macrosomia is related with gestational diabetes and breastcarcinoma.
OS104. Are preeclampsia and adverse obstetrical outcomes predictors for longterm cardiovascular disease?; INTRODUCTION: Epidemiologic studies suggest that pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery and low birth weight independently increase maternal risk for future development of cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVES: To further investigate whether preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction and preterm delivery, are independent risk factors for longterm cardiovascular disease. METHODS: This was a case-control study where 252 parous women (cases) with coronary artery disease were matched with a parous woman within 5 years of age with no known coronary artery disease (controls). Participants were recruited from the Royal Alexandra Hospital in cardiac catheterization lab recovery room in Edmonton, Canada. Women with significant angiographic coronary artery stenosis were eligible as cases and those without were eligible as controls. Participants were interviewed on their pregnancy histories and traditional cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes etc. Descriptive statistics, chi-square tests and conditional regression analysis were performed. RESULTS: We recruited 244 cases and 246 controls. The average age was 66.3 and 65.8 respectively. Cases were more likely obese, had more pregnancies as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors than controls. Adverse pregnancy outcomes were similar between the two groups except gestational hypertension. However, it was not statistically significant in the conditional logistic regression model. Independent risk factors for future cardiovascular diseases were: dyslipidemia (OR 12.8), hypertension (3.0), and being a current (OR 7.4) or former smoker (1.8). Adverse pregnancy outcomes CONCLUSION: In this study, adverse pregnancy outcomes were not independently associated with cardiovascular disorders. Our study was limited by recall bias, and ascertainment of diagnosis.Our study supports that dyslipidemia, hypertensiion and smoking increase future cardiovascular disease. Further studies are needed to examine a postpartum intervention model to proactively manage cardiovascular risk factors, such as lipids, in these at-risk women.
Exercise, vascular wall and cardiovascular diseases: an update (Part 1).; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of morbidity and premature mortality in both women and men in most industrialized countries, and has for some time also established a prominent role in developing nations. In fact, obesity, diabetes mellitus and hypertension are now commonplace even in children and youths. Regular exercise is rapidly gaining widespread advocacy as a preventative measure in schools, medical circles and in the popular media. There is overwhelming evidence garnered from a number of sources, including epidemiological, prospective cohort and intervention studies, suggesting that CVD is largely a disease associated with physical inactivity. A rapidly advancing body of human and animal data confirms an important beneficial role for exercise in the prevention and treatment of CVD. In Part 1 of this review we discuss the impact of exercise on CVD, and we highlight the effects of exercise on (i) endothelial function by regulation of endothelial genes mediating oxidative metabolism, inflammation, apoptosis, cellular growth and proliferation, increased superoxide dismutase (SOD)-1, down-regulation of p67phox, changes in intracellular calcium level, increased vascular endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), expression and eNOS Ser-1177 phosphorylation; (ii) vascular smooth muscle function by either an increased affinity of the Ca2+ extrusion mechanism or an augmented Ca2+ buffering system by the superficial sarcoplasmic reticulum to increase Ca2+ sequestration, increase in K+ channel activity and/or expression, and increase in L-type Ca2+ current density; (iii) antioxidant systems by elevation of Mn-SOD, Cu/Zn-SOD and catalase, increases in glutathione peroxidase activity and activation of vascular nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate [(NAD(P)H] oxidase and p22phox expression; (iv) heat shock protein (HSP) expression by stimulating HSP70 expression in myocardium, skeletal muscle and even in human leucocytes, probably through heat shock transcription factor 1 activity; (v) inflammation by reducing serum inflammatory cytokines such as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hCRP), interleukin (IL)-6, IL-18 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha and by regulating Toll-like receptor 4 pathway. Exercise also alters vascular remodelling, which involves two forms of vessel growth including angiogenesis and arteriogenesis. Angiogenesis refers to the formation of new capillary networks. Arteriogenesis refers to the growth of pre-existent collateral arterioles leading to formation of large conductance arteries that are well capable to compensate for the loss of function of occluded arteries. Another aim of this review is to focus on exercise-related cardiovascular protection against CVD and associated risk factors such as aging, coronary heart disease, hypertension, heart failure, diabetes mellitus and peripheral arterial diseases mediated by vascular remodelling. Lastly, this review examines the benefits of exercise in mitigating pre-eclampsia during pregnancy by mechanisms that include improved blood flow, reduced blood pressure, enhanced placental growth and vascularity, increased activity of antioxidant enzymes, reduced oxidative stress and restored vascular endothelial dysfunction.
Prenatal Exercise and Cardiovascular Health (PEACH) study: impact of meal timing and pre-exercise blood glucose values on glycemic responses to acute exercise in pregnancy.; We retrospectively analyzed data from 28 participants engaging in moderate-intensity aerobic exercise (265 sessions; 25-40 min) between 18-34 weeks gestation (NCT02948439). The mean change in blood glucose (BG) from pre- to post-acute exercise session was -1.0 ± 1.2 mmol/L. Pre-exercise BG significantly predicted the change in BG (p < 0.001), even when controlling for meal timing, exercise duration, and gestational age. Hypoglycemia only occurred in 3% of sessions. Therefore, in healthy pregnancy the change in BG during exercise is small and primarily related to pre-exercise BG values.
Polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 5-20% of women of reproductive age worldwide. The condition is characterized by hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM) - with excessive androgen production by the ovaries being a key feature of PCOS. Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia is evident in the vast majority of affected individuals. PCOS increases the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes and other pregnancy-related complications, venous thromboembolism, cerebrovascular and cardiovascular events and endometrial cancer. PCOS is a diagnosis of exclusion, based primarily on the presence of hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and PCOM. Treatment should be tailored to the complaints and needs of the patient and involves targeting metabolic abnormalities through lifestyle changes, medication and potentially surgery for the prevention and management of excess weight, androgen suppression and/or blockade, endometrial protection, reproductive therapy and the detection and treatment of psychological features. This Primer summarizes the current state of knowledge regarding the epidemiology, mechanisms and pathophysiology, diagnosis, screening and prevention, management and future investigational directions of the disorder.
Exercise-induced 3'-sialyllactose in breast milk is a critical mediator to improve metabolic health and cardiac function in mouse offspring.; Poor maternal environments, such as under- or overnutrition, can increase the risk for the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in offspring(1-9). Recent studies in animal models have shown that maternal exercise before and during pregnancy abolishes the age-related development of impaired glucose metabolism(10-15), decreased cardiovascular function(16) and increased adiposity(11,15); however, the underlying mechanisms for maternal exercise to improve offspring's health have not been identified. In the present study, we identify an exercise-induced increase in the oligosaccharide 3'-sialyllactose (3'-SL) in milk in humans and mice, and show that the beneficial effects of maternal exercise on mouse offspring's metabolic health and cardiac function are mediated by 3'-SL. In global 3'-SL knockout mice (3'-SL(-/-)), maternal exercise training failed to improve offspring metabolic health or cardiac function in mice. There was no beneficial effect of maternal exercise on wild-type offspring who consumed milk from exercise-trained 3'-SL(-/-) dams, whereas supplementing 3'-SL during lactation to wild-type mice improved metabolic health and cardiac function in offspring during adulthood. Importantly, supplementation of 3'-SL negated the detrimental effects of a high-fat diet on body composition and metabolism. The present study reveals a critical role for the oligosaccharide 3'-SL in milk to mediate the effects of maternal exercise on offspring's health. 3'-SL supplementation is a potential therapeutic approach to combat the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Epidemiology of cardiovascular disease in young individuals.; In the past 2 decades, a high prevalence of risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such as obesity, physical inactivity, and poor diet, has been observed among young individuals living in developed countries. The rate of substance abuse (opioids, cocaine, electronic cigarettes, and anabolic steroids) is also increasing among young adults, whereas cigarette smoking might be declining. Among younger individuals (aged 18-50 years), the incidence of cardiovascular diseases over the same time period has either been steady or has increased, in contrast to the trend towards a lower incidence of cardiovascular disease in adults aged >50 years. Current observations might, therefore, be used to forecast a potential epidemic of cardiovascular disease in the near future as the younger segment of the population ages. In this Review, we discuss the burden of risk factors for ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and sudden cardiac death among young adults aged 18-45 years. Furthermore, we discuss the prevalence, incidence, and temporal trends of various cardiovascular diseases among this young segment of the population.
Fetal But Not Maternal Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE)-2 Gene Rs2074192 Polymorphism is Associated with Increased Risk of Being a Small For Gestational Age (SGA) Newborn.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: The maternal and fetal Renin-Angiotensin-System is involved in the control of pregnancy outcomes such as blood pressure control and gestational age. However, very little is known about the impact of the angiotensin converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) on pregnancy outcome. We thus performed a prospective clinical observational study analyzing the association of maternal and fetal ACE2 gene rs2074192 polymorphism with fetal growth during pregnancy. METHODS: 898 singleton pregnant women were prospectively recruited. 739 pregnant women finally participated in the study and were genotyped. 474 women also donated umbilical cord blood for gene analysis of their offspring. All data such as basic demographic information, data from birth records, biochemical and immunological parameters, as well as Doppler ultrasonographic findings during pregnancy were collected. Fetal and maternal ACE2 gene rs2074192 polymorphism was genotyped by DNA sequencing. RESULTS: Our analysis showed that the maternal ACE2 gene rs2074192 polymorphism was not associated with gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, anemia, postpartum hemorrhage and fetal growth. However, neonates having rs2074192 T allele were more likely to be born as small for gestational age (SGA) babies. After multivariable logistic regression considering known confounding, we could demonstrate that the neonatal rs2074192 T allele was an independent risk factor for SGA (OR: 22.93, 95%CI: 1.26∼418.77, P< 0.05). CONCLUSION: This is the first study showing that the babies but not their mothers with ACE2 gene rs2074192 T allele had a high risk for SGA, which contributes to metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases in later life.
Cross Talk between Adipose Tissue and Placenta in Obese and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnancies via Exosomes.; Obesity is an important public health issue worldwide, where it is commonly associated with the development of metabolic disorders, especially insulin resistance (IR). Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications, especially gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Metabolism is a vital process for energy production and the maintenance of essential cellular functions. Excess energy storage is predominantly regulated by the adipose tissue. Primarily made up of adipocytes, adipose tissue acts as the body's major energy reservoir. The role of adipose tissue, however, is not restricted to a "bag of fat." The adipose tissue is an endocrine organ, secreting various adipokines, enzymes, growth factors, and hormones that take part in glucose and lipid metabolism. In obesity, the greater portion of the adipose tissue comprises fat, and there is increased pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion, macrophage infiltration, and reduced insulin sensitivity. Obesity contributes to systemic IR and its associated metabolic complications. Similar to adipose tissue, the placenta is also an endocrine organ. During pregnancy, the placenta secretes various molecules to maintain pregnancy physiology. In addition, the placenta plays an important role in metabolism and exchange of nutrients between mother and fetus. Inflammation at the placenta may contribute to the severity of maternal IR and her likelihood of developing GDM and may also mediate the adverse consequences of obesity and GDM on the fetus. Interestingly, studies on maternal insulin sensitivity and secretion of placental hormones have not shown a positive correlation between these phenomena. Recently, a great interest in the field of extracellular vesicles (EVs) has been observed in the literature. EVs are produced by a wide range of cells and are present in all biological fluids. EVs are involved in cell-to-cell communication. Recent evidence points to an association between adipose tissue-derived EVs and metabolic syndrome in obesity. In this review, we will discuss the changes in human placenta and adipose tissue in GDM and obesity and summarize the findings regarding the role of adipose tissue and placenta-derived EVs, with an emphasis on exosomes in obesity, and the contribution of obesity to the development of GDM.
The use of antiplatelet therapy in the outpatient setting: Canadian Cardiovascular Society Guidelines Executive Summary.; Antiplatelet agents are a cornerstone of therapy for patients with atherosclerotic vascular disease. There is presently a lack of comprehensive guidelines focusing on the use of antiplatelet drugs in patients currently manifesting or at elevated risk of cardiovascular disease. The Canadian Antiplatelet Therapy Guidelines Committee reviewed existing disease-based guidelines and subsequently published literature and used expert opinion and review to develop guidelines on the use of antiplatelet therapy in the outpatient setting. This Executive Summary provides an abbreviated version of the principal recommendations. Antiplatelet therapy appears to be generally underused, perhaps in part because of a lack of clear, evidence-based guidance. Here, we provide specific guidelines for secondary prevention in patients discharged from hospital after acute coronary syndromes, percutaneous coronary intervention, or coronary artery bypass grafting; patients with a history of transient cerebral ischemic events or strokes; and patients with peripheral arterial disease. Issues related to primary prevention are also addressed, in addition to special clinical contexts such as diabetes, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, pregnancy or lactation, and perioperative management. Recommendations are provided regarding pharmacologic interactions that may occur during combination therapy with warfarin, clopidogrel, and proton-pump inhibitors, or aspirin and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, as well as for the management of bleeding complications. The complete guidelines document is published as a supplementary issue of the Canadian Journal of Cardiology and is available at http://www.ccs.ca/.
Parity and risk of hemorrhagic strokes.; OBJECTIVES: The association between parity and risk of hemorrhagic stroke (HS) remains to be clarified. This study assessed the association of parity with the overall risk of HS and compared its contribution to intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) and subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH). METHODS: We used a database from a nationwide multicenter case-control study, in which 471 female cases with incident HS were matched at 1:2 with 942 community or hospital controls. A total of 459 HS cases and 918 controls with information on parity were included. Parity was categorized as 0-1, 2, 3, and >or=4. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated by conditional logistic regression. As potential confounders, age, history of hypertension, history of diabetes, family history of stroke, smoking status, alcohol consumption, educational status, age at menarche, and use of oral contraceptives were included in the models. RESULTS: Compared with nullipara and unipara, women with parity of 2, 3, and >or=4 had significantly higher risk for total HS, ICH, and SAH, respectively. Each additional parity increased the ORs of HS (adjusted OR for total HS = 1.27 [95% CI 1.14-1.41]; adjusted OR for SAH = 1.34 [95% CI 1.13-1.58]; adjusted OR for ICH = 1.27 [95% CI 1.08-1.48]). Likelihood ratio test for trends showed a significantly increased risk with increasing parity for total HS and for both types of HS (p(trend) < 0.05 in all analyses). CONCLUSIONS: Increased number of childbirths may be related to an increased risk of both intracerebral hemorrhage and subarachnoid hemorrhage.
Increased risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension and operative delivery after conception induced by in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection in women aged 40 years and older.; OBJECTIVE: To clarify the association between preconception fertility status and obstetric outcomes in women aged 40 years and older. DESIGN: Retrospective study by reviewing medical records. SETTING: Tertiary perinatal center in a university hospital. PATIENT(S): 330 women aged 40 years and older who delivered a singleton from 2006 to 2010, and 450 women aged 30 to 34 years who delivered at the same facility as controls. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, and mode of delivery assessed based on the mode of conception; spontaneous conception (SC) and in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection conception (IVF-ICSI). RESULT(S): The incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension was statistically significantly higher in IVF-ICSI group than the SC group. This gap was commonly observed in both the women aged 40 years and older and those in the 30 to 34 age group. No statistically significant difference was observed in the frequency of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, or low birth weight. As a characteristic of nulliparous women of advanced age, the rate of operative delivery, which includes emergency cesarean section and instrumental delivery, was statistically significantly higher in IVF-ICSI group than in the SC group. Detailed investigation into the medical indications for operative delivery revealed that the difference was attributable to the elevated incidence of labor protraction and arrest. CONCLUSION(S): Preconception fertility status can be a predicting factor of the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension and labor outcome, especially for women aged 40 years and older.
Determination of four homogeneous subgroups of patients with antiphospholipid syndrome: a cluster analysis based on 509 cases.; OBJECTIVE: APS is a heterogeneous disease with different phenotypes. Using an unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis, we aimed to determine distinct homogeneous phenotypes among APS patients. METHODS: We performed an observational, retrospective study of APS patients enrolled in the French multicentre 'APS and SLE' registry who met the Sydney classification criteria. The clustering process involved an unsupervised multiple correspondence analysis followed by a hierarchical ascendant clustering analysis; it used 27 variables selected to cover a broad range of APS clinical and laboratory manifestations. RESULTS: These analyses included 509 patients, mainly women (77.8%). Mean (s.d.) age at APS diagnosis was 36.2 (14.6) years, and mean follow-up since diagnosis 10.3 (8.5) years. This hierarchical classification cluster analysis yielded four homogeneous groups of patients: cluster 1, mostly with venous thromboembolism without any associated autoimmune disease; cluster 2, older, lowest proportion of women, history of arterial events, and/or with migraines, arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or dyslipidaemia; cluster 3, younger, highest proportion of women, associated SLE or other autoimmune diseases, and a history of venous thromboembolism or pregnancy morbidity; and cluster 4, mainly with a history of catastrophic antiphospholipid syndrome, aPL-associated nephropathy, and pregnancy morbidity, with frequent triple positivity and more deaths (16.7%). CONCLUSIONS: Our study applied an unsupervised clustering method to distinguish four homogeneous APS patient subgroups that were predominantly venous; arterial; associated with SLE or another autoimmune disease; and arterial microthrombotic. Heterogeneous pathophysiological mechanisms may explain these findings.
Diabetes mellitus--a priority health care issue for women.; Diabetes occurs in more than 13 million persons in the United States, and approximately 60% of the new cases are diagnosed in women. This review examines health issues related to women with diabetes mellitus. The following issues are discussed in the review. The prevalence of diabetes is higher in Native-American, black, and Hispanic women than in white women. Women with upper-body obesity are at risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and women with diabetes are at risk for developing heart disease. Diabetes, obesity, and heart disease are all modifiable by nutrition. White women with diabetes derive approximately 40% of energy from fat, which is 10% greater than the national goal. Women with a history of gestational diabetes are at risk for developing NIDDM. Women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are at high risk of developing complications in pregnancy, and pregnancy outcomes improve with preconceptual counseling. Women with IDDM are at risk for developing eating disorders, although not to a greater extent than the nondiabetic population. Women with diabetes are at risk for developing endometrial cancer. Both IDDM and NIDDM prevention clinical trials are in progress, although none target women specifically. Dietetics practitioners are encouraged to use local and national diabetes resources.
Fetal and perinatal programming of appetite.; There is increasing concern about the rapidly rising incidence of obesity worldwide and its impact both on mortality, morbidity and the cost of healthcare. In the last 15 years, a large volume of research has linked low birth weight to many adult diseases in humans, such as Type II diabetes, cardiovascular disease, hypertension and the metabolic syndrome. Obesity is a causal factor in all these conditions. There are epidemiological studies linking low birth weight to increased adiposity, but the timing of the insult during gestation seems crucial, as reducing maternal nutrition in late gestation and during lactation causes a reduction in later obesity. Recent studies in animal models have provided clues towards mechanisms of altered appetite regulation following alterations in fetal and neonatal growth. The outcome of these and future studies could prove clinically crucial, particularly in the debate over the benefits of breast feeding, which provides a lower plane of nutrition compared with formula feeding.
A case of caudal regression syndrome: walking or sitting?; Caudal regression syndrome (CRS) is a congenital disorder which is seen vertebral anomalies in varying degrees from lower thoracic spineto the level of the coccyx. We present a case of CRS which is not intended operation for orthopedic deformities considering functionality. 2, 5 year-old girl referred to our clinic with complaints about walking disability, knee and foot deformities. Patient's mother with unregulated diabetes did not have a history of drug use, radiation exposure and serious illness during pregnancy. Diagnosis had been put during antenatal follow-ups. On physical examination, her lower extremities were hypoplastic and had no muscle activity. Her hips were flexed and abducted, but did not have contractures. Her knees had 75 degrees of flexion contractures with popliteal webs and feet had equinovarus deformity. Frog belly was present due to abdominal muscles weakness. Also hypoplasic labia majora has been identified. In lumbar MRI, spinal cord was terminated at 6th thoracic (T6) vertebrae and the last solid vertebrae level was at T10. Patient who has been following by urology with clean intermittent catheterization had also severe urological problems including horseshoe kidney, neurologic bladder, vesico-ureteral reflux and grade 2 hydronephrosis. Orthopedic consultation was made for her deformities. They decided that ambulation unexpected patient's knee flexion contractures were helping sitting balance. Because of this operation was not considered. Prognosis, treatment options, strength exercises for upper extremities, skin care were told to parents and patient was taken to follow. CRS is a rare congenital abnormality which is associated with orthopedic deformities, as well as urological, anorectal and cardiac malformations. Treatment requires a multidisciplinary approach. It should not be forgotten that purpose of rehabilitation is not to correct all deformities but increase the functionality of everyday life.
A Case of Postnatal Aortic Arch Atresia.; BACKGROUND: Aortic arch atresia is a rare congenital cardiac defect that may occur after birth. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus may increase the risk of aortic arch atresia in newborns after birth. CASE DESCRIPTION: A 16-day-old infant was referred to our hospital on the 15th postnatal day after an interrupted or atretic aortic arch was discovered. No obvious abnormality was detected in the infant during the prenatal ultrasound. Laboratory tests showed elevated inflammatory marker levels. Transthoracic echocardiography showed stenosis of the transverse arch of the aorta and a blind end at the distal end of the left subclavian artery. During surgery, it was found that the isthmus of the aorta was uninterrupted but completely occluded due to inflammation. CONCLUSION: This case demonstrates that type A interrupted aortic arch and coarctation of the aorta can be acquired after birth, and if coarctation of the aorta is complicated by inflammation or if the pregnant women have gestational diabetes mellitus, it can result in aortic arch atresia as the patient's condition worsens. It is advised to consider aortic arch atresia when imaging reveals type A interrupted aortic arch.
Obesity Affects Maternal and Neonatal HDL Metabolism and Function.; Pregravid obesity is one of the major risk factors for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and an increased risk of cardiovascular events in children of affected mothers. However, the biological mechanisms that underpin these adverse outcomes are not well understood. High-density lipoproteins (HDLs) are antiatherogenic by promoting the efflux of cholesterol from macrophages and by suppression of inflammation. Functional impairment of HDLs in obese and GDM-complicated pregnancies may have long-term effects on maternal and offspring health. In the present study, we assessed metrics of HDL function in sera of pregnant women with overweight/obesity of the DALI lifestyle trial (prepregnancy BMI ≥ 29 kg/m2) and women with normal weight (prepregnancy BMI < 25 kg/m2), as well as HDL functionalities in cord blood at delivery. We observed that pregravid obesity was associated with impaired serum antioxidative capacity and lecithin−cholesterol acyltransferase activity in both mothers and offspring, whereas maternal HDL cholesterol efflux capacity was increased. Interestingly, functionalities of maternal and fetal HDL correlated robustly. GDM did not significantly further alter the parameters of HDL function and metabolism in women with obesity, so obesity itself appears to have a major impact on HDL functionality in mothers and their offspring.
PERINATAL OUTCOMES OF PREGNANT WOMEN WITH TYPE 1 DIABETES MELLITUS: COMPARISON OF MULTIDOSE INJECTION AND CONTINUOUS SUBCUTANEOUS INSULIN INFUSION.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate obstetric and neonatal outcomes of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and compare multidose injection (MDI) and continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII). STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective study of 53 pregnant patients with T1DM reaching at least 24(th) gestational week. RESULTS: Fourteen patients (26.4%) hospitalized for insulin dose regulation. Ten patients had hypertensive diseases. Perinatal mortality occurred in 2 neonates owing to cardiac malformations. Neonatal hypoglycemia, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and neonatal jaundice were demonstrated in 8, 4, 12 and 19 newborns, respectively. Sixteen newborns were admitted to the NICU for various reasons. Congenital malformations were detected in 7 newborns (6 cardiovascular and 1 central nervous system anomaly). Despite lack of statistical significance, total daily insulin doses were higher in the MDI group than in the CSII group with doses of 62 IU (18-166) and 51 IU (20-114), respectively (p=0.119). Gestational and perinatal outcomes also showed no statistical significance. However, all congenital abnormalities and perinatal deaths occurred in the MDI group. CONCLUSION: T1DM in pregnancy is a challenging problem in terms of having better obstetric and perinatal results. CSII may be used safely instead of MDI in appropriate patients.
[Anti-D isoimmunization severe in a twin pregnancy. Case report].; Perinatal hemolytic disease occurs secondary to a hemolytic phenomenon of immune origin resulting in fetal or neonatal anemia. A 38-year-old pregnant woman was referred to the Department of high risk Obstetrics, Hospital Universitario La Paz Madrid because of presenting a dichorionic diamniotic twin pregnancy spontaneously, pre-pregnancy diabetes poorly controlled and severe alloinmunization anti-D. Her first pregnancy ended in a normal delivery at term; in the period of 4 years, she has three newborn with 36, 34 and 40 weeks respectively, who die with a week of life. After that, two intrauterine fetal death occur at 26 weeks of gestation. The patient who is RhD negative, suffers anti-D inmunization with a antibody titration of 1/1024 with 14 weeks of gestation. Twelve plasmapheresis, eight doses of anti-D inmunoglobulins and intrauterine transfusions has been the treatment received. A severe anemia is found during the ultrasound control of the middLe cerebral artery peak systolic velocity in both twins since the 16th week. It remains stable thanks to the treatment. Finally at the 28th week of gestation, pregnancy is terminated with a cesarean section. The twins are born alive and premature, but with good general state. The measurement of the middle cerebral artery peak systolic velocity predicts moderate-severe fetal anemia cases, which are the most important in the clinical management because of the need of active treatment or finish the pregnancy.
Full-term neonatal intenstive care unit admission in an urban community hospital: the role of respiratory morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the incidence of respiratory morbidity among full-term neonatal intenstive care unit (NICU) admissions and identify risk factors for such admissions. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of NICU admissions between 1/06 and 12/08. We included neonates between 37 and 40 weeks with a diagnosis of transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), pneumonia, pneumothorax, and meconium aspiration syndrome. Obstetrical outcomes were compared with a control group of women during the same period whose neonates were not admitted to the NICU. RESULTS: Two-hundred two infants admitted to the NICU with respiratory morbidity were compared with 9580 controls. TTN comprised the majority of the respiratory morbidity. Only RDS was associated with cesarean delivery. CONCLUSION: RDS remains a significant morbidity in full-term NICU admission. When compared with controls, admissions to our NICU with any respiratory morbidity were more likely to be delivered by cesarean to a mother with hypertension or diabetes during pregnancy.
The Impact of Mediterranean Dietary Patterns During Pregnancy on Maternal and Offspring Health.; (1) Background: Pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child are affected by many environmental factors. The importance of pregnancy for 'early life programming' is well established and maternal nutrition is an important factor contributing to a favourable environment for developing offspring. We aim to assess whether following a Mediterranean Diet during pregnancy is beneficial for maternal and offspring outcomes; (2) Methods: a systematic review was performed using standardized reporting guidelines with the National Heart Lung and Blood Iinstitute quality assessment tool for selection and extraction; (3) Results: results show that being on a Mediterranean Diet during pregnancy is associated with favourable outcomes for both maternal and offspring health, particularly for gestational diabetes in mothers and congenital defects in offspring (4) Conclusions: Following a Mediterranean dietary pattern during gestation is beneficial for the health of both the mother and offspring. Pregnant women and those trying to conceive should be advised to follow a Mediterranean Diet to potentially decrease, for example, the likelihood of atopy (OR 0.55) in the offspring and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the mother (OR 0.73).
Association Between Serum Glycated Hemoglobin Levels at Early Gestation and the Risk of Subsequent Pregnancy Loss in Pregnant Women Without Diabetes Mellitus: Prospective Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: As a severe morbidity during pregnancy, the etiology of spontaneous pregnancy loss (SPL) remains largely unknown. Serum glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) level is an established predictor of SPL risk among women with diabetes, but little is known about whether such an association exists among pregnant women without diabetes when glycemic levels are within the normal range. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to quantify the association between maternal HbA(1c) levels in early pregnancy and subsequent SPL risk in a cohort of pregnant women without diabetes. METHODS: This prospective cohort study involved 10,773 pregnant women without diabetes enrolled at their first antenatal care visit at a hospital's early pregnancy clinic from March 2016 to December 2018 in Shanghai, China. HbA(1c) and fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels were examined at enrollment. Participants with diabetes before or pregnancy or those diagnosed with gestational diabetes were excluded. Diagnosis of SPL, defined as fetal death occurring before 28 gestational weeks, was derived from medical records and confirmed via telephone interviews. We used generalized linear models to quantify the associations of continuous and dichotomized maternal HbA(1c) levels with SPL risk and reported crude and adjusted risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs. A restricted cubic spline (RCS) regression model was used to assess the potential nonlinear dose-response relationship. Adjusted covariates included maternal age, education level, preconception BMI, gestational weeks, gravidity, history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, family history of diabetes, folic acid supplementation, and smoking and drinking during the periconception period. RESULTS: In total, 273 (2.5%) SPL cases occurred. Every 0.5% increase in HbA(1c) levels was linearly associated with a 23% increase in SPL risk (adjusted RR [aRR] 1.23; 95% CI 1.01-1.50). The RCS model revealed that this association was linear (P=.77 for the nonlinearity test). Analyses based on dichotomized HbA(1c) levels showed a significantly increased risk of SPL when HbA(1c) levels were ≥5.9% (aRR 1.67; 95% CI 0.67-3.67), and the significance threshold was ≥5.6% (aRR 1.60; 95% CI 1.01-2.54). Sensitivity analyses showed similar results when including the participants with missing SPL records or HbA(1c) data. Linear associations of HbA(1c) levels remained significant even in the subgroups without overweight, alcohol consumption, and a family history of diabetes and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Every 1 mmol/L increment in maternal FBG levels was associated with a >2-fold higher risk of SPL (aRR 2.12; 95% CI 1.61-2.80; P<.001). CONCLUSIONS: Higher HbA(1c) levels in early pregnant women without diabetes are associated with an increased SPL risk in a dose-response manner. Pregnant women with an HbA(1c) level above 5.6% at early gestation need attention for its potentially increased risk for SPL. Our findings support the need to monitor HbA(1c) levels to identify individuals at high risk of subsequent SPL in the general population of pregnant women. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02737644; https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT02737644.
Importance of measuring non-HDL cholesterol in type 2 diabetes patients.; OBJECTIVE: To study the correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals. METHODS: The cross sectional study was conducted at the Diabetic Clinic, Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi. Data of Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who attended the clinic bewteen 2007 and 2011 was reviewed. All Type 2 diabetic patients of either gender with fasting lipid profile irrespective of taking lipid lowering therapy were included.Type-1 DM, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes patients with pregnancy and those with incomplete data were excluded. Correlation between the low-density lipoprotein and Non-high-density lipoprotein was assessed by applying Cramer V and phi. Proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals was checked. Multivariable regression was done to identify common factors associated with elevated Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. RESULTS: A total of 1352 patients fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included in the study. Mean age of the patients was 54.5 +/- 11.3 years; 797 (59%) were males; 1122 (83%) had Body Mass Index above 25; and 1016 (75%) had HbA1c > or = 7%. Mean Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 129 +/- 42 mg/dl. Mean low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 100 +/- 37 mg/dl. Both low-density lipoprotein < or = 100 and Non-HDL < or = 130 mg/dl was achieved in 645 (48%) patients. It is important to note that although 728 (53.8%) patients achieved target LDL cholesterol of < or = 100 mg/dl, among them 83 (11.4%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol still above the target > 130 mg/dl (p < 0.05). Out of 752 patients with Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol < or = 130 mg/dl, 645 (86%) had low-density lipoprotein cholesterol below 100 mg/dl. Cramer V and Phi showed that correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 0.71 (p value < 0.01). After adjusting for other covariates, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol > 100 mg/dl was independently associated with having Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol > 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 38.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 28.1-53.1). Similarly, age < or = 60 years was 60% more likely to have Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol > 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 1.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.01 - 2.3). Whereas having obesity Body Mass Index > 25 was 3.6 times more associated to have Non-high-density lipoprotein > 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 3.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.6-7.7). In patients with coronary artery disease, combined goal achievement of low-density lipoprotein < or = 70 mg/dl and Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol < or = 100 mg/dl was seen in 59 (35%). Among patients with high-density lipoprotein < or = 70 mg/dl, 8 (10%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein > 100 mg/dl (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The study showed a correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. As measuring Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in Type 2 DM patients is simple, cost-effective and convenient because it does not require 12-hour fasting which may be a risk for hypoglycaemia in these patients, clinicians may choose Non-high-density lipoprotein as a routine measure in everyday practice.
Fetal heart ventricular mass obtained by STIC acquisition combined with inversion mode and VOCAL.; OBJECTIVE: Estimation of fetal heart ventricular mass is important for fetal cardiac evaluation in cases of structural or functional cardiac disorders or extracardiac factors. It may be used with other cardiac parameters to ascertain the severity and prognosis of such disorders, or the nature and timing of intervention. We applied a novel technique combining spatiotemporal image correlation (STIC) with three-dimensional inversion mode and Virtual Organ Computer-aided AnaLysis (VOCAL™) for fetal cardiac mass assessment in healthy fetuses in the second and third trimesters. METHODS: STIC acquisition was performed during fetal quiescence with the abdomen uppermost, at an angle of 30-50°, without color Doppler mapping. Myocardial volume measurements were performed in postprocessing using VOCAL mode, set to 15°. Beginning with the heart in four-chamber view at end diastole, a trace was drawn manually including the myocardium and interventricular septum. Inversion mode colors the intraventricular (anechoic, fluid-filled) voxels; this intraventricular volume was subtracted automatically from the total. Mass was determined by multiplying the result by the estimated fetal myocardial density (1.050 g/cm(3) ). The process was repeated for right and left ventricles. RESULTS: Data from 106 fetuses at 21-38 weeks' gestation were obtained and scatterplots of fetal cardiac ventricular mass distribution were created. Several cases of fetuses with disordered cardiac ventricle (supraventricular tachycardia, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, dilated cardiomyopathy, twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, Ebstein anomaly, non-immune hydrops fetalis, septate right atrium and diaphragmatic hernia) were examined. Ventricular mass parameters were markedly affected as compared with normal cases of similar gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: STIC acquisition combined with inversion mode and VOCAL is a feasible method of cardiac ventricular mass quantification. This methodology may have added value in fetal cardiac evaluation in cases of anatomic malformation or cardiac dysfunction, or in cases of maternal diabetes.
Coronary Artery Restenosis in Women by History of Preeclampsia.; Background A history of preeclampsia is associated with increased risk of coronary artery disease and experimental evidence suggests that a history of preeclampsia also increases the risk of restenosis. However, the extent to which a history of preeclampsia is associated with risk of restenosis after percutaneous coronary intervention in women is unknown. Methods and Results We included 6065 parous women aged ≤65 years with first percutaneous coronary intervention on 9452 segments 2006 to 2017, linking nationwide data on percutaneous coronary intervention and delivery history in Sweden. Main outcomes were clinical restenosis and target lesion revascularization within 2 years. We accounted for segment-, procedure-, and patient-related potential predictors of restenosis in proportional hazards regression models. Restenosis occurred in 345 segments (3.7%) and target lesion revascularization was performed on 383 patients (6.3%). A history of preeclampsia was neither significantly associated with risk of restenosis (predictor-accounted hazard ratio [HR], 0.71 [95% CI, 0.41-1.23]) nor target lesion revascularization (0.74 [95% CI, 0.51-1.07]) compared with a normotensive pregnancy history. When term and preterm preeclampsia were investigated separately, segments in women with a history of term preeclampsia had a lower risk of restenosis (predictor-accounted HR, 0.45 [95% CI, 0.21-0.94]). A history of preeclampsia was not significantly associated with death by any cause within 2 years of the index procedure (predictor-accounted HR 1.06, [95% CI, 0.62-1.80]). Conclusions A history of preeclampsia was not associated with increased risk of restenosis but instead some evidence pointed to a decreased risk. To facilitate future studies and allow for replication, concomitant collection of data on pregnancy complication history and percutaneous coronary intervention outcomes in women is warranted.
Impact of sex in stroke in the young.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Limited data is available on sex differences in young stroke patients describing discrepant findings. This study aims to investigate the sex differences in young stroke patients. METHODS: Prospective cohort study comparing risk factors, etiology, stroke localization, severity on admission, management and outcome in patients aged 16-55 years with acute ischemic stroke consecutively included in the Bernese stroke database between 01/2015 to 12/2018 with subgroup analyses for very young (16-35y) and young patients (36-55y). RESULTS: 689 patients (39% female) were included. Stroke in women dominated in the very young (53.8%, p<0.001) and in men in the young (63.9%, p<0.001). As risk factors only sleep-disordered breathing was more predominant in men in the very young, whereas arterial hypertension, diabetes and atrial fibrillation did not differ in women and men older than 35y. The higher frequency of stroke in women in the very young may be explained by the sex specific risk factors such as pregnancy, puerperium, the use of oral contraceptives, and hormonal replacement therapy. Stroke severity at presentation, etiology, stroke localization, management, and outcome did not differ between women and men. CONCLUSIONS: The main finding of this study is that sex specific risk factors in women may contribute to a large extent to the higher incidence of stroke in the very young in women. Important modifiable stroke risk factors, such as arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus and atrial fibrillation did not differ in women and men, either in the young as well as in the very young. These findings have major implications for primary preventive strategies of stroke in young people.
Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk assessment: An American Society for Preventive Cardiology clinical practice statement.; Risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) shows considerable heterogeneity both in generally healthy persons and in those with known ASCVD. The foundation of preventive cardiology begins with assessing baseline ASCVD risk using global risk scores based on standard office-based measures. Persons at low risk are generally recommended for lifestyle management only and those at highest risk are recommended for both lifestyle and pharmacologic therapy. Additional "risk enhancing" factors, including both traditional risk factors and novel biomarkers and inflammatory factors can be used to further assess ASCVD risk, especially in those at borderline or intermediate risk. There are also female-specific risk enhancers, social determinants of health, and considerations for high-risk ethnic groups. Screening for subclinical atherosclerosis, especially with the use of coronary calcium screening, can further inform the treatment decision if uncertain based on the above strategies. Persons with pre-existing ASCVD also have variable risk, affected by the number of major ASCVD events, whether recurrent events have occurred recently, and the presence of other major risk factors or high-risk conditions. Current guidelines define high to very high risk ASCVD accordingly. Accurate ASCVD risk assessment is crucial for the appropriate targeting of preventive therapies to reduce ASCVD risk. Finally, the clinician-patient risk discussion focusing on lifestyle management and the risks and benefits of evidence-based pharmacologic therapies to best lower ASCVD risk is central to this process. This clinical practice statement provides the preventive cardiology specialist with guidance and tools for assessment of ASCVD risk with the goal of appropriately targeting treatment approaches for prevention of ASCVD events.
[Obstetrical complications of maternal overweight].; Overweight is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Pregnancy in obese women frequently results in an increased incidence of maternal complications (gestational diabetes, hypertension, toxemia) and adverse perinatal outcome (macrosomia, perinatal mortality). Cesarean deliveries are also more frequent in obese women, mainly because of cephalopelvic dysproportion due to macrosomia. Optimal treatment for gestational diabetes is difficult to achieve, although hyperglycemia further impairs maternofoetal prognosis. The incidence of intrauterine growth retardation is not increased in obese pregnancy. A successful obstetrical outcome may be achievable through multidisciplinary antenatal management.
A homozygous balanced reciprocal translocation suggests LINC00237 as a candidate gene for MOMO (macrosomia, obesity, macrocephaly, and ocular abnormalities) syndrome.; Macrosomia, obesity, macrocephaly, and ocular abnormalities syndrome (MOMO syndrome) has been reported in only four patients to date. In these sporadic cases, no chromosomal or molecular abnormality has been identified thus far. Here, we report on the clinical, cytogenetic, and molecular findings in a child of healthy consanguineous parents suffering from MOMO syndrome. Conventional karyotyping revealed an inherited homozygous balanced reciprocal translocation (16;20)(q21;p11.2). Uniparental disomy testing showed bi-parental inheritance for both derivative chromosomes 16 and 20. The patient's oligonucleotide array-comparative genomic hybridization profile revealed no abnormality. From the homozygous balanced reciprocal translocation (16;20)(q21;p11.2), a positional cloning strategy, designed to narrow 16q21 and 20p11.2 breakpoints, revealed the disruption of a novel gene located at 20p11.23. This gene is now named LINC00237, according to the HUGO (Human Genome Organization) nomenclature. The gene apparently leads to the production of a non-coding RNA. We established that LINC00237 was expressed in lymphocytes of control individuals while normal transcripts were absent in lymphocytes of our MOMO patient. LINC00237 was not ubiquitously expressed in control tissues, but it was notably highly expressed in the brain. Our results suggested autosomal recessive inheritance of MOMO syndrome. LINC00237 could play a role in the pathogenesis of this syndrome and could provide new insights into hyperphagia-related obesity and intellectual disability.
Increased glucose and placental GLUT-1 in large infants of obese nondiabetic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: Obese women are at increased risk to deliver a large infant, however, the underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. Fetal glucose availability is critically dependent on placental transfer and is linked to fetal growth by regulating the release of fetal growth hormones such as insulin. We hypothesized that (1) umbilical vein glucose and insulin levels and (2) placental glucose transporter (GLUT) expression and activity are positively correlated with early pregnancy maternal body mass index and infant birthweight. STUDY DESIGN: Subjects in this prospective observational cohort study were nondiabetic predominantly Hispanic women delivered at term. Fasting maternal and umbilical vein glucose and insulin concentrations were determined in 29 women with varying early pregnancy body mass index (range, 18.0-54.3) who delivered infants with birthweights ranging from 2800-4402 g. We isolated syncytiotrophoblast microvillous and basal plasma membranes from 33 placentas and determined the expression of GLUT-1 and -9 (Western blot) and glucose uptake (radiolabeled glucose). RESULTS: Birthweight was positively correlated with umbilical vein glucose and insulin and maternal body mass index. Umbilical vein glucose levels were positively correlated with placental weight and maternal body mass index, but not with maternal fasting glucose. Basal plasma membranes GLUT-1 expression was positively correlated with birthweight. In contrast, syncytiotrophoblast microvillous GLUT-1 and -9, basal plasma membranes GLUT-9 expression and syncytiotrophoblast microvillous and basal plasma membranes glucose transport activity were not correlated with birthweight. CONCLUSION: Because maternal fasting glucose levels and placental glucose transport capacity were not increased in obese women delivering larger infants, we speculate that increased placental size promotes glucose delivery to these fetuses.
Comparison of brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation, uterine artery Doppler, and umbilical artery Doppler measurements in obese and normal pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: In this study, we aimed to compare vascular function at trimesters 1, 2, and 3 between obese and normal pregnant women through brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), uterine artery Doppler, and umbilical artery Doppler measurements. METHODS: Pregnant women between the ages of 18 and 40 who presented to our clinic were included. Brachial artery FMD, uterine and umbilical artery Doppler, and clinical parameters of 40 obese pregnant women from each trimester between 11 and 14 weeks, 24 and 28 weeks, 37 and 40 weeks and control pregnant group in the same number and gestational week were examined. RESULTS: In all three trimesters, the FMD value was lower in obese pregnant women compared to normal women with adequate weight (p < 0.001). In obese pregnant women, lower FMD values were observed in the second trimester compared to other trimesters (p = 0.011) Cut-off value of FMD below 14.35 in obese pregnant women was found to be associated with gestational diabetes mellitus. Uterine artery Doppler in obese pregnant women started to increase from the second trimester compared to normal women with adequate weight. CONCLUSION: Obese pregnant women have endovascular dysfunction compared to normal pregnant women and this becomes evident from the second trimester.
Peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC) complications during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Peripherally inserted central catheters (PICCs) are routinely used in women with hyperemesis gravidarum. However, little is known about the consequences of PICC insertion in these patients. Our aim was to analyze PICC-related complication rates among pregnant women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Pregnant women with PICC insertion between January 2000 and June 2006 were studied retrospectively. Infusate type, comorbid conditions, and PICC duration were characterized. Major complications, defined as need for surgical intervention, bacteremia requiring intravenous antibiotics, or thromboembolic events, were identified. Minor complications, including phlebitis, PICC malfunction, early PICC removal, infection requiring oral antibiotics, or hospitalization for PICC evaluation, were also studied. RESULTS: Eighty-four catheters in 66 women were eligible for study, totaling 2544 PICC days. Catheters remained in place for 1-177 days; median duration was 21.0 days. PICCs were used for intravenous fluid (IVF, 59.4%), parenteral nutrition (PN, 34.5%), and antibiotics (6%). The overall complication rate was 18.5 per 1000 PICC days (55.9% of PICCs); 22.6% were major, with bacteremia being most frequent (20.2%). A diagnosis of diabetes was the only factor that significantly predicted complications (hazard ratio, 2.71; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-6.13). PICC duration and type of infusate (PN vs IVF alone) were not associated with complications. CONCLUSIONS: PICC insertion in pregnant women is associated with a high complication rate, which appears to be independent of the type of infusate and occurs in the majority of women. PICCs should be used judiciously and only when clearly necessary during pregnancy. Further studies are needed to determine how to reduce PICC-related complications in this population.
Carotid intimal-medial thickness is not increased in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. Measuring the carotid artery intimal-medial thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasive technique used to evaluate early atherosclerosis and to predict future cardiovascular diseases. We examined the association between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors in young Korean women with previous GDM. METHODS: One hundred one women with previous GDM and 19 women who had normal pregnancies (NP) were recruited between 1999 and 2002. At one year postpartum, CIMT was measured using high-resolution B-mode ultrasonography, and oral glucose tolerance tests were performed. Fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), insulin levels and lipid profiles were also measured. CIMTs in the GDM and NP groups were compared, and the associations between CIMT and cardiovascular risk factors were analyzed in the GDM group. RESULTS: CIMT results of the GDM group were not significantly different from those of the NP group (GDM, 0.435±0.054 mm; NP, 0.460±0.046 mm; P=0.069). In the GDM group, a higher HbA1c was associated with an increase in CIMT after age adjustment (P=0.011). CIMT results in the group with HbA1c >6.0% were higher than those of the normal HbA1c (HbA1c ≤6.0%) (P=0.010). Nine of the patients who are type 2 diabetes mellitus converters within one year postpartum but showed no significant difference in CIMT results compared to NP group. CONCLUSION: Higher HbA1c is associated with an increase in CIMT in women with previous GDM. However, CIMT at one year postpartum was not increased in these women compared to that in NP women.
Association between peripartum hysterectomy and venous thromboembolism.; BACKGROUND: The risk of venous thromboembolism after delivery is modified by mode of delivery, with the risk of venous thromboembolism being higher after cesarean delivery than vaginal delivery. The risk of venous thromboembolism after peripartum hysterectomy is largely unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the incidence and risk of venous thromboembolism among women who had and did not have a peripartum hysterectomy. Furthermore, we sought to compare the risk of venous thromboembolism after hysterectomy with other patient, pregnancy, and delivery risk factors known to be associated with venous thromboembolism. STUDY DESIGN: This was a cross-sectional study of women with delivery encounters identified in the Nationwide Readmissions Database from October 2015 to December 2017. Delivery encounters and all variables of interest were identified using the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision diagnosis and procedure codes. The incidence of venous thromboembolism during delivery and rehospitalizations within 6 weeks after discharge was compared among women who had and did not have a peripartum hysterectomy. Multivariable logistic regressions were used to estimate associations between venous thromboembolism and hysterectomy, adjusted for the following characteristics: maternal age, payer at time of delivery, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, tobacco use, multifetal gestation, peripartum infection, and peripartum hemorrhage. Similarly, venous thromboembolism risk was compared by mode of delivery, including hysterectomy. Diagnoses that may have been indications for peripartum hysterectomy were identified among patients who underwent a hysterectomy and compared between those who did and did not have venous thromboembolism. Analyses used survey weights to obtain population estimates. RESULTS: Of the 4,419,037 women with deliveries, 5098 (11.5 per 10,000 deliveries) underwent a hysterectomy. Moreover, 110 patients (215.8 per 10,000 deliveries) were diagnosed with venous thromboembolism after hysterectomy. The risk of venous thromboembolism was significantly higher in women who underwent a hysterectomy than in women who did not have a hysterectomy (unadjusted odds ratio, 25.1 [95% confidence interval, 20.0-31.5]; adjusted odds ratio, 11.2 [95% confidence interval, 8.7-14.5]; P<.001). Comparing the risk of venous thromboembolism by mode of delivery, the unadjusted and adjusted incidences of venous thromboembolism were 6.9 (95% confidence interval, 6.5-7.3) and 7.4 (95% confidence interval, 6.9-7.8) per 10,000 deliveries among women after vaginal delivery without peripartum hysterectomy, 12.5 (95% confidence interval, 11.8-13.1) and 11.3 (95% confidence interval, 10.7-12.0) per 10,000 deliveries after cesarean delivery without hysterectomy; and 217.2 (95% confidence interval, 169.1-265.2) and 96.9 (95% confidence interval 76.9-126.5) per 10,000 deliveries after hysterectomy, regardless of mode of delivery. Of the 110 diagnoses of venous thromboembolism with peripartum hysterectomy, 89 (81%) occurred during delivery admission. Of the remaining 21 cases, 50% occurred within the first 10 days after discharge from delivery, and 75% occurred within 25 days after discharge. CONCLUSION: These findings have demonstrated that peripartum hysterectomy is associated with a markedly increased risk of venous thromboembolism in the postpartum period, even when controlling for other known risk factors for postpartum thromboembolic events. Here, the incidence of venous thromboembolism after peripartum hysterectomy (2.2%) met some guideline-based risk thresholds for routine thromboprophylaxis, potentially for at least 2 weeks after delivery. Further investigation into the role of routine venous thromboembolism prophylaxis during and after delivery is needed.
Endocrine regulation of calcium homeostasis during pregnancy.; The principal maternal physiologic adjustment with respect to calcium metabolism is increasing PTH secretion, which maintains the serum ionic calcium level within its characteristically narrow physiologic limits in the face of an expanding extracellular fluid volume, increased urinary excretion, and calcium transfer to the fetus. Additionally, PTH promotes increased renal synthesis of 1,25-(OH)2D3, which acts in concert with PTH to meet the calcium demands of gestation. Whether or not calcitonin secretion increases as well is not clear; if so, this effect may be important in protecting the maternal skeleton. The primary characteristic of perinatal calcium metabolism is the active placental transport of calcium ions from mother to fetus, making the fetus relatively hypercalcemic. Since none of the calcitropic hormones cross the placenta, hypercalcemia apparently suppresses either secretion or activity of PTH by the fetus and stimulates fetal calcitonin release, creating an environment (high calcium, low PTH, high calcitonin) favorable to skeletal growth. With birth, the transplacental calcium source terminates abruptly and the serum calcium level declines for 24 to 48 hours, after which it stabilizes and then rises slightly. Neonatal calcium homeostasis probably reflects multiple influences, including the respective calcitropic hormones and other involved ions such as magnesium and phosphate. The physiologic mechanisms regulating calcium homeostasis during pregnancy and the perinatal period generally operate very effectively. Thus, aberrations leading to clinically evident disease states are relatively infrequent. Maternal hyperparathyroidism causes several complications, notably hypocalcemic tetany in the newborn, and maternal hypoparathyroidism may be associated with perinatal hyperparathyroidism. Diabetic pregnancy leads to altered calcium metabolism in mother, fetus, and newborn; the primary feature may be chronic hypomagnesemia, which leads to hypoparathyroidism to mother and fetus. There is some suggestion of an etiologic role for calcium in hypertensive disorders, and, in any event, magnesium sulfate therapy influences calcium homeostasis. Finally, leg cramps in the pregnant woman may reflect alterations in calcium metabolism.
Ambient air pollution and adverse birth outcomes: Differences by maternal comorbidities.; BACKGROUND: Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution has been associated with adverse birth outcomes, but the potential modifying effect of maternal comorbidities remains understudied. Our objective was to investigate whether associations between prenatal air pollution exposures and birth outcomes differ by maternal comorbidities. METHODS: A total of 818,400 singleton live births were identified in the province of Ontario, Canada from 2005 to 2012. We assigned exposures to fine particulate matter (PM2.5), nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and ozone (O3) to maternal residences during pregnancy. We evaluated potential effect modification by maternal comorbidities (i.e. asthma, hypertension, pre-existing diabetes mellitus, heart disease, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia) on the associations between prenatal air pollution and preterm birth, term low birth weight and small for gestational age. RESULTS: Interquartile range (IQR) increases in PM2.5 (2μg/m(3)), NO2 (9ppb) and O3 (5ppb) over the entire pregnancy were associated with a 4% (95% CI: 2.4-5.6%), 8.4% (95% CI: 5.5-10.3%) and 2% (95% CI: 0.5-4.1%) increase in the odds of preterm birth, respectively. Increases of 10.6% (95% CI: 0.2-2.1%) and 23.8% (95% CI: 5.5-44.8%) in the odds of preterm birth were observed among women with pre-existing diabetes while the increases were of 3.8% (95% CI: 2.2-5.4%) and 6.5% (95% CI: 3.7-8.4%) among women without this condition for pregnancy exposure to PM2.5 and NO2, respectively (Pint<0.01). The increase in the odds of preterm birth for exposure to PM2.5 during pregnancy was higher among women with preeclampsia (8.3%, 95% CI: 0.8-16.4%) than among women without (3.6%, 95% CI: 1.8-5.3%) (Pint=0.04). A stronger increase in the odds of preterm birth was found for exposure to O3 during pregnancy among asthmatic women (12.0%, 95% CI: 3.5-21.1%) compared to non-asthmatic women (2.0%, 95% CI: 0.1-3.5%) (Pint<0.01). We did not find statistically significant effect modification for the other outcomes investigated. CONCLUSIONS: Findings of this study suggest that associations of ambient air pollution with preterm birth are stronger among women with pre-existing diabetes, asthma, and preeclampsia.
Ceramides during Pregnancy and Obstetrical Adverse Outcomes.; Ceramides are a group of sphingolipids located in the external plasma membrane layer and act as messengers in cellular pathways such as inflammatory processes and apoptosis. Plasma ceramides are biomarkers of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer's disease, various autoimmune conditions and cancer. During pregnancy, ceramides play an important role as stress mediators, especially during implantation, delivery and lactation. Based on the current literature, plasma ceramides could be potential biomarkers of obstetrical adverse outcomes, although their role in metabolic pathways under such conditions remains unclear. This review aims to present current studies that examine the role of ceramides during pregnancy and obstetrical adverse outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications.
Early pregnancy dispositional optimism and pregnancy outcomes among nulliparous people.; BACKGROUND: Dispositional optimism, the expectation of positive outcomes after personal challenges, is a resilience factor associated with widespread health benefits. However, the data on pregnancy-related outcomes are more limited. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the association of early pregnancy dispositional optimism with adverse perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study completed between May 2019 and February 2022 at a single, large tertiary medical center. Nulliparous pregnant people were recruited from outpatient obstetrical care sites. Participants completed a validated assessment of dispositional optimism at <20 weeks of gestation and were followed up until delivery. The primary outcome was an adverse maternal outcome composite that included gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and/or cesarean delivery. The secondary outcomes included individual composite components and a neonatal morbidity composite. Bivariate analyses compared characteristics and primary and secondary outcomes by dispositional optimism score quartile. Multivariable logistic regression compared outcomes by dispositional optimism score quartile with the highest quartile serving as the referent, controlling for confounders determined a priori. RESULTS: Overall, 491 pregnant people were approached for participation, and 135 pregnant people (27.5%) declined participation. Among the 284 individuals who enrolled and had complete outcome data, the median dispositional optimism score was 16.0 (interquartile range, 14-18), and 47.9% of individuals experienced at least 1 adverse maternal outcome 135 (47.9%). After adjusting for confounders, the odds of adverse maternal outcomes were significantly higher in the lowest 2 optimism quartiles: quartile 1 (adjusted odds ratio, 3.33; 95% confidence interval, 1.57-7.36) and quartile 2 (adjusted odds ratio, 2.22; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.79) than the highest quartile. This was driven by significantly higher rates of hypertension (quartile 1: adjusted odds ratio, 2.62; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-6.29) and cesarean delivery (quartile 1: adjusted odds ratio, 2.75; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-6.55). There was no difference noted when quartile 3 was compared with quartile 4. CONCLUSION: Lower early pregnancy dispositional optimism was associated with significantly higher odds of adverse maternal outcomes. Interventions targeting improvements in optimism may be a novel mechanism for reducing perinatal morbidity.
Deaths: leading causes for 2004.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2004 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2004. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. RESULTS: In 2004, the 10 leading causes of death were (in rank order) Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Diabetes mellitus; Alzheimer's disease; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Septicemia and accounted for about 78 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the ranking are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2004 were (in rank order) Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Respiratory distress of newborn; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Neonatal hemorrhage; and Diseases of the circulatory system. Important variation in the leading causes of infant death is noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Insulin sensitivity in people born pre-term, with low or very low birth weight and small for gestational age.; Evidence has accumulated that small for gestational age (SGA) children have long-term adult health consequences including obesity, Type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, coronary artery disease and stroke. This increased risk of later adult disease is likely a consequence of an early, persistent reduction in insulin sensitivity. The SGA children and adults studied were predominantly at term gestation, and it appears that prematurity also leads to insulin resistance with possibly similar health consequences for later life. Both term SGA and premature children have an abnormal early environment: one in utero and one post-natally. Parallels are made among those born SGA at term or premature to show the potential importance of maternal factors, the intrauterine milieu, including nutrient supply and intake in fetal and early newborn life. It is possible that manipulation of these factors during early neonatal life in premature babies could lead to normalisation of insulin sensitivity. To confirm this hypothesis, further studies are needed to better understand the pathophysiological mechanisms leading to reduced insulin sensitivity and confirm that prematurity is linked with similar long-term health consequences as being born SGA.
Comparison of Parameters of Fetal Doppler Echocardiography Between Mothers with and Without Diabetes.; BACKGROUND: The current study aimed to compare fetal myocardial function and ventricular thickness in diabetic and normal pregnancies. METHODS: Women with singleton pregnancies in the second or third trimester who were referred for routine prenatal or anomaly ultrasounds within March 2020 to February 2021 were enrolled in the study. Women with a positive history of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were considered the case group (n = 50), and women without GDM were considered the control group (n = 50). The study did not include women with multifetal pregnancy, hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, and polyhydramnios. A complete fetal Doppler echocardiography was performed to measure isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT), left myocardial performance index (MPI), E/A ratio, right and left ventricular wall thickness, and end-diastolic interventricular septal thickness (IVST). The data were analyzed using three types of decision tree (DT) algorithms, and the performance of each DT was measured on the testing dataset. RESULTS: The frequency of IVRT > 41 milliseconds was significantly higher in the case group than in the control group. The mean MPI values were 0.53 ± 0.15 and 0.43 ± 0.09 (P < 0.05), respectively, and the mean IVST values were 3.3 ± 1.11 and 2.49 ± 0.55 mm (P < 0.05) in the case and control groups, respectively, but not different between the subjects with overt or GDM (P > 0.05). Additionally, in the case group, the mean left MPI values were 0.57 ± 0.18 and 0.49 ± 0.12 in participants with poor and good glycemic control, respectively (P = 0.12). CONCLUSIONS: Complete prenatal echocardiography performed in the second or third trimester is an appropriate tool for the diagnosis of fetal cardiac dysfunction in diabetic mothers and is suggested to perform for diabetic mothers, even those with good glycemic control.
Confined placental mosaicism at chorionic villous sampling: risk factors and pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to investigate the clinical relevance of confined placental mosaicism (CPM) detected at chorionic villous sampling (CVS) and to identify risk factors for this condition. METHOD: Women diagnosed with CPM between January 2005 and December 2009 were identified. They were matched to women with unremarkable CVS in a 1 : 2 ratio by study period and contacted by phone for interview. RESULTS: One hundred fifteen exposed and 230 unexposed women were selected. Baseline characteristics did not differ between the study groups apart from maternal body mass index, which is mildly higher in the CPM group (+0.6 kg/m(2), p = 0.047), and maternal age, which is higher in women with type III CPM (39.7 ± 2.6 vs 37.1 ± 3.2 years, p = 0.005). A higher frequency of gestational hypertension was observed in exposed women (10% vs 2%) (p = 0.003). Small for gestational age newborns were more frequent in women with type I CPM (15% vs 5%, p = 0.03). The incidence of other main complications of pregnancy (stillbirth, prematurity, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus) was similar. Neonatal complications and subsequent infant health and development did not also differ. CONCLUSION: Women with the diagnosis of CPM at CVS can be generally reassured regarding the course of pregnancy and infant health and development.
Introduction of diabetic retinopathy screening into an antenatal clinic: Impact on maternal screening and diagnosis rates.; Pregnancy is a risk factor for the development and progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) in women with pre-gestational diabetes. However, a minority of pregnant women with diabetes adhere to retinal screening recommendations. The introduction of an onsite retinal camera at our tertiary maternity hospital significantly increased the proportion of women who received at least one retinal screen during pregnancy (93.0% vs 54.3%, P < 0.001) and the identification of both DR and DR progression. We conclude that the use of a retinal camera in similar clinics is a feasible option to improve DR screening and diagnosis rates in pregnancy.
Prenatal ultrasound findings of holoprosencephaly spectrum: Unusual associations.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to evaluate the prenatal diagnosis, postnatal characteristics, and the spectrum of associated findings in fetuses with holoprosencephaly (HPE). METHODS: Fetal neurosonograms, postnatal assessment, and chromosomal analysis were performed in a cohort of 25 fetuses with HPE. RESULTS: The prevalence of HPE in high-risk pregnancies was 4.4:10 000. The alobar subtype was the most frequently encountered, with 17 cases (68%). Interestingly, among them, four cases (16%) presented with the rare agnathia-otocephaly complex. Chromosomal abnormalities were detected in 11 cases (44%), the most frequent being trisomy 13 in seven cases (five alobar, one semilobar, and one lobar HPE), followed by trisomy 18 in two cases with semilobar HPE. One case of alobar HPE had 45, XX, t(18;22) (q10;q10), -18p karyotyping, and one case of semilobar HPE was associated with triploidy. Facial malformations in HPE spectrum ranged from cyclopia, proboscis, and arrhinia that were associated with the alobar subtype to hypotelorism and median cleft that were frequent among the semilobar and lobar subtypes. Associated neural tube defects were identified in 12% of cases. CONCLUSION: Our study illustrates the clinical and genetic heterogeneity of HPE and describes different chromosomal abnormalities associated with HPE.
Health Care-Related Economic Burden of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in the United States: Pregnancy-Related and Long-Term Health Consequences.; CONTEXT: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women, affecting approximately 5% to 20% of women of reproductive age. The economic burden of PCOS was previously estimated at approximately $3.7 billion annually in 2020 USD when considering only the costs of the initial diagnosis and of reproductive endocrine morbidities, without considering the costs of pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to estimate the excess prevalence and economic burden of pregnancy-related and long-term health morbidities attributable to PCOS. METHODS: PubMed, EmBase, and Cochrane Library were searched, and studies were selected in which the diagnosis of PCOS was consistent with the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health, or Androgen Excess and PCOS Society criteria, or that used electronic medical record diagnosis codes, or diagnosis based on histopathologic sampling. Studies that included an outcome of interest and a control group of non-PCOS patients who were matched or controlled for body mass index were included. Two investigators working independently extracted data on study characteristics and outcomes. Data were pooled using random effects meta-analysis. The I2 statistic was used to assess inter-study heterogeneity. The quality of selected studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. RESULTS: The additional total healthcare-related economic burden of PCOS due to pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities in the United States is estimated to be $4.3 billion annually in 2020 USD. CONCLUSION: Together with our prior analysis, the economic burden of PCOS is estimated at $8 billion annually in 2020 USD.
Acanthosis nigricans: a common finding in overweight youth.; We evaluated the prevalence of acanthosis nigricans among urban youth. Youth (7-17 years) at nine pediatric practices completed surveys on demographics and family history of diabetes and had weight and height measured. Acanthosis nigricans was scored and digital photography of the neck performed. A total of 618 youth were included in the analysis: mean age 11.5 years; 51% female; 61% African American, 27% Hispanic, 12% Caucasian, and 32% with body mass index >or=95th percentile. Acanthosis was found in 19%, 23%, and 4% of the African American, Hispanic, and Caucasian youth, respectively, and in 62% of youth with a body mass index >or=98 th percentile. Using multiple logistic regression, we found increasing body mass index z-score, presence of maternal gestational diabetes, female gender, and not being Caucasian each were independently associated with acanthosis nigricans. Acanthosis was common among overweight youth and was associated with risk factors for glucose homeostasis abnormalities. Acanthosis nigricans can be a trigger to counsel families on its causes and consequences; and thus motivate them to make healthy lifestyle changes that can decrease the risk of developing cardiovascular disease or diabetes.
Developmental programming by maternal obesity: Lessons from animal models.; The obesity epidemic has led to more women entering pregnancy overweight or obese. In addition to adverse short-term outcomes, maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes predispose offspring to developing obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adulthood through developmental programming. Human epidemiological studies, although vital in identifying associations, are often unable to address causality and mechanistic studies can be limited by the lack of accessibility of key metabolic tissues. Furthermore, multi-generational studies take many years to complete. Integration of findings from human studies with those from animal models has therefore been critical in moving forward this field that has been termed the 'Developmental Origins of Health and Disease'. This review summarises the evidence from animal models and highlights how animal models provide valuable insight into the maternal factors responsible for developmental programming, potential critical developmental windows, sexual dimorphism, molecular mechanisms and age-related offspring outcomes throughout life. Moreover, we describe how animal models are vital to explore clinically relevant interventions to prevent adverse offspring outcomes in obese or glucose intolerant pregnancy, such as antioxidant supplementation, exercise and maternal metformin treatment.
Association of maternal lipid levels with birth weight and cord blood insulin: a Bayesian network analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the independent association of maternal lipid levels with birth weight and cord blood insulin (CBI) level. SETTING: The Born in Guangzhou Cohort Study, Guangzhou, China. PARTICIPANTS: Women who delivered between January 2015 and June 2016 and with umbilical cord blood retained were eligible for this study. Those with prepregnancy health conditions, without an available fasting blood sample in the second trimester, or without demographic and glycaemic information were excluded. After random selection, data from 1522 mother-child pairs were used in this study. EXPOSURES AND OUTCOME MEASURES: Additive Bayesian network analysis was used to investigate the interdependency of lipid profiles with other metabolic risk factors (prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), fasting glucose and early gestational weight gain) in association with birth weight and CBI, along with multivariable linear regression models. RESULTS: In multivariable linear regressions, maternal triglyceride was associated with increased birth weight (adjusted β=67.46, 95% CI 41.85 to 93.06 g per mmol/L) and CBI (adjusted β=0.89, 95% CI 0.06 to 1.72 μU/mL per mmol/L increase), while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was associated with decreased birth weight (adjusted β=-45.29, 95% CI -85.49 to -5.09 g per mmol/L). After considering the interdependency of maternal metabolic risk factors in the Network analysis, none of the maternal lipid profiles was independently associated with birth weight and CBI. Instead, prepregnancy BMI was the global strongest factor for birth weight and CBI directly and indirectly. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational dyslipidaemia appears to be secondary to metabolic dysfunction with no clear association with metabolic adverse outcomes in neonates. Maternal prepregnancy overweight/obesity appears the most influential upstream metabolic risk factor for both maternal and neonatal metabolic health; these data imply weight management may need to be addressed from the preconception period and during early pregnancy.
Perinatal Complications in Individuals in California With or Without SARS-CoV-2 Infection During Pregnancy.; IMPORTANCE: Additional research from population-based studies is needed to inform the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy and to provide health risk information to pregnant individuals. OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection and to describe factors associated with hospitalizations. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study included 43 886 pregnant individuals with longitudinal electronic health record data from preconception to delivery who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California between March 1, 2020, and March 16, 2021. Individuals with diagnostic codes for COVID-19 that did not have a confirmatory polymerase chain reaction test for SARS-CoV-2 were excluded. EXPOSURES: SARS-CoV-2 infection detected by polymerase chain reaction test (from 30 days before conception to 7 days after delivery) as a time varying exposure. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Severe maternal morbidity including 21 conditions (eg, acute myocardial infarction, acute renal failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and sepsis) that occurred at any time during pregnancy or delivery; preterm birth; pregnancy hypertensive disorders; gestational diabetes; venous thromboembolism (VTE); stillbirth; cesarean delivery; and newborn birth weight and respiratory conditions. Standardized mean differences between individuals with and without SARS-CoV-2 were calculated. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for the association between SARS-CoV-2 infection and perinatal complications and hospitalization and to consider the timing of SARS-CoV-2 infection relative to outcomes. RESULTS: In this study of 43 886 pregnant individuals (mean [SD] age, 30.7 [5.2] years), individuals with a SARS-CoV-2 infection (1332 [3.0%]) were more likely to be younger, Hispanic, multiparous individuals with a higher neighborhood deprivation index and obesity or chronic hypertension. After adjusting for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, and smoking status, individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection had higher risk for severe maternal morbidity (HR, 2.45; 95% CI, 1.91-3.13), preterm birth (<37 weeks; HR, 2.08; 95% CI, 1.75-2.47), and VTE (HR, 3.08; 95% CI, 1.09-8.74) than individuals without SARS-CoV-2. SARS-CoV-2 infection was also associated with increased risk of medically indicated preterm birth (HR, 2.56; 95% CI, 2.06-3.19); spontaneous preterm birth (HR, 1.61; 95% CI, 1.22-2.13); and early (HR, 2.52; 95% CI, 1.49-4.24), moderate (HR, 2.18; 95% CI, 1.25-3.80), and late (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.61-2.37) preterm birth. Among individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection, 76 (5.7%) had a hospitalization; pregestational diabetes (HR, 7.03; 95% CI, 2.22-22.2) and Asian or Pacific Islander (HR, 2.33; 95% CI, 1.06-5.11) and Black (HR, 3.14; 95% CI, 1.24-7.93) race and ethnicity were associated with an increased risk of hospitalization. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, SARS-CoV-2 infection was associated with increased risk of severe maternal morbidity, preterm birth, and VTE. The study findings inform clinicians and patients about the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy and support vaccination of pregnant individuals and those planning conception.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet's disease: population-based registry linkage study in Taiwan.; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet's disease (BD) METHODS: Data collected by the Taiwan National Health Insurance Administration between 2001 and 2012 was used for our study. A total of 2,350,339 pregnancies from the Taiwan National Health Insurance database and birth registry were identified. Maternal history of BD in women was ascertained. A comparison was made to determine whether BD increased the risk of health issues associated with pregnancy and fetal outcomes. Using an adjusted generalized estimating equation model, we estimated the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for fetal-neonatal and maternal outcomes. RESULTS: There were 99 pregnancies in women with BD and 2,350,240 pregnancies in women without BD. The OR and 95% CI of puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7-85.9), and those of gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1-3.25). Both were higher than the values in general pregnant women after adjusting for age, infant sex, urban residence, income, occupation, birth year, and Charlson Comorbidity Index. However, there were no adverse fetal outcomes in pregnant women with BD. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with BD have no significant risks of multiple complications except for puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy. Close monitoring of blood sugar is suggested. Furthermore, neonatal outcomes were not influenced by BD. Key Points • Patients with Behçet's disease are at a risk of puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy. • The odds ratio and 95% confidence interval for puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7-85.9), and those for gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1-3.25). • Pregnant patients with Behçet's disease have no risks of neonatal outcomes.
Non-altered incretin secretion in women with impaired fasting plasma glucose in the early stage of pregnancy: a case control study.; BACKGROUNDS: Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP) may be involved in pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim was to compare GLP-1 and GIP production in fasting state and during 3 h mixed meal tolerance test (MMTT) measured by mean area under the curve (AUC) between pregnant women with normal and impaired fasting glucose in an early phase of pregnancy, and healthy non-pregnant controls. METHODS: This study was undertaken as a case-control study. Repeated measurement of fasting plasma glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/L and < 7.0 mmol/L during the first trimester of pregnancy and exclusion of overt diabetes according to IADSPG criteria was used to find women with impaired fasting glucose (n = 22). Age-matched controls consisted of healthy pregnant (n = 25) and non-pregnant (n = 24) women. In addition to incretins, anthropometric parameters and markers of insulin resistance and beta-cell function were assessed. Variables were summarized as median (interquartile range). RESULTS: Fasting GLP-1 and GIP concentration or their AUC during MMTT did not significantly differ between pregnant women with impaired fasting plasma glucose [GLP-1(AUC) 19.0 (53.1) and GIP(AUC) 302 (100) pg/mL/min] and healthy pregnant women [GLP-1(AUC) 16.7 (22.3) and GIP(AUC) 297 (142) pg/mL/min] or non-pregnant controls [GLP-1(AUC) 16.8 (9.8) and for GIP(AUC) 313 (98) pg/mL/min]. Although women with impaired fasting glucose were more obese and showed decreased beta-cell function, there were not significant correlations between incretin production and parameters of insulin secretion, insulin resistance, or obesity. CONCLUSIONS: Women with impaired fasting plasma glucose did not show altered incretin production in the first trimester of pregnancy. In contrast to type 2 diabetes, impaired incretin secretion does not seem to play a major role in the early development of GDM.
[Quantitative echography of the fetal heart].; One hundred and twenty two fetal echocardiograms were performed during normal pregnancies between the 20th and 38th weeks of gestation. Freeze frame M mode and 2D imaging was used to perform the following measurements: right and left systolic and diastolic ventricular dimensions, dimensions of the two atria, aortic and pulmonary artery dimensions, fractional shortening of both ventricles, ratio of right ventricular to left ventricular end diastolic dimensions RVEDD/LVEDD, ratio of pulmonary artery to aortic dimensions PA/Ao. The causes of error or failure were analysed. The results classified by gestational age show progressive growth of all structures which double their size during the second half of the pregnancy; the "physiological" septal hypertrophy reported by some workers was not observed in this series; similarly, paradoxical septal motion was only present in 3% of the fetuses studied. The RVEDD/LVEDD ratio approached unity, which questions the classical but hypothetical concept of physiological right ventricular preponderance, a concept also queried by recent fetal Doppler intracardiac flow studies. The repertory of normal values is particularly useful for the detection of cardiac malformations and for the surveillance of some pregnancies with a high risk of cardiomyopathy, as in maternal diabetes.
Impact of maternal prenatal stress by glucocorticoids on metabolic and cardiovascular outcomes in their offspring: A systematic scoping review.; BACKGROUND: "Stress" is an emerging problem in our society, health care system as well as patient care, worldwide. Especially by focusing on pre-gestational, gestational but also lactation phases "stress" is to be considered as an own trans-generational risk factor which is associated with adverse metabolic as well cardiovascular outcomes in mothers and their children. Hence, the maternal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenotrophic (HPA) axis may be stimulated by various "stress" mechanisms as well as risk factors leading to an adverse in utero environment, e.g. by excess exposure of glucocorticoids, contributing to cardio-metabolic disorders in mothers and their offspring. OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence of in utero programming by focusing on the impact of maternal "stress", on adverse cardio-metabolic outcomes on their offspring later in life, by identifying underlying (patho-) physiological mechanisms (1) as well as adverse short and long-term cardio-metabolic outcomes (2). METHODS: We conducted a systematic scoping review to identify publications systematically including reviews, interventional, observational, experimental studies as well as human and animal model studies. MEDLINE (PubMed) and EMBASE databases and reference lists were searched. Peer-reviewed articles from January 2000 until August 2020 were included. RESULTS: Overall, n = 2.634 citations were identified, n = 45 eligible studies were included and synthesized according to their key findings. In brief, maternal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenotrophic (HPA) axis might play a key role modifying in utero milieu leading to cardio-metabolic diseases in the offspring later in life. However, maternal risk factor "stress", is clearly linked to adverse cardio-metabolic offspring outcomes, postnatally, such as obesity, hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus (DM), Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), cardiovascular disease (CD), hypertension, restricted fetal growth as well as reduced birth, adrenal, and pancreas weights. CONCLUSIONS: Women who experienced "stress" as risk factor, as well as their offspring, clearly have a higher risk of adverse short- as well as long-term cardio-metabolic outcomes. Future research work is needed to understand complex transgenerational mechanisms.
Prenatal exposure to the Chinese famine of 1959-62 and risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood: findings from the China PEACE million persons project.; AIMS: Much remains unknown about the role of prenatal exposure to environmental stressors in the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). The current study aimed to investigate whether exposure to famine early in life was associated with a higher risk of CVD in adulthood. METHODS AND RESULTS: Among 71 667 men and women participated in the Patient-centred Evaluative Assessment of Cardiac Events (PEACE) Million Persons Project in southern China, specific years of birth were used to define two cohorts: the exposed group (born during the famine of 1959-62) and the non-exposed group [born before the famine (1949-58) or after the famine (1963-72)]. Multivariable-adjusted generalized linear models were used to examine the associations of famine exposure with the risk of developing CVD, as well as with the 10-year CVD risk defined by well-established risk scores. Compared with the non-famine group, early-life exposure to the Chinese famine was significantly associated with increased risks of total CVD (odds ratio, OR = 1.28, 95% confidence interval: 1.16-1.41), coronary heart disease [OR: 1.23 (1.07-1.41)], acute myocardial infarction [OR: 1.32 (1.01-1.70)], heart failure [OR: 2.01 (1.53-2.60)], and stroke [OR: 1.28 (1.12-1.45)] in adulthood. In those without established CVD, early-life exposure to the famine was associated with higher levels of total cholesterol, systolic blood pressure, waist circumference, risk of diabetes, and therefore 10-year CVD risk. CONCLUSION: Early-life exposure to the Chinese famine is associated with an elevated CVD risk later in life, independent of known risk factors.
Pregnancy and Labor Complications in Female Survivors of Childhood Cancer: The British Childhood Cancer Survivor Study.; BACKGROUND: Female survivors of childhood cancer treated with abdominal radiotherapy who manage to conceive are at risk of delivering premature and low-birthweight offspring, but little is known about whether abdominal radiotherapy may also be associated with additional complications during pregnancy and labor. We investigated the risk of developing pregnancy and labor complications among female survivors of childhood cancer in the British Childhood Cancer Survivor Study (BCCSS). METHODS: Pregnancy and labor complications were identified by linking the BCCSS cohort (n = 17 980) to the Hospital Episode Statistics (HES) for England. Relative risks (RRs) of pregnancy and labor complications were calculated by site of radiotherapy treatment (none/abdominal/cranial/other) and other cancer-related factors using log-binomial regression. All statistical tests were two-sided. RESULTS: A total of 2783 singleton pregnancies among 1712 female survivors of childhood cancer were identified in HES. Wilms tumor survivors treated with abdominal radiotherapy were at threefold risk of hypertension complicating pregnancy (relative risk = 3.29, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 2.29 to 4.71), while all survivors treated with abdominal radiotherapy were at risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (RR = 3.35, 95% CI = 1.41 to 7.93) and anemia complicating pregnancy (RR = 2.10, 95% CI = 1.27 to 3.46) compared with survivors treated without radiotherapy. Survivors treated without radiotherapy had similar risks of pregnancy and labor complications as the general population, except survivors were more likely to opt for an elective cesarean section (RR = 1.39, 95% CI = 1.16 to 1.70). CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with abdominal radiotherapy increases the risk of developing hypertension complicating pregnancy in Wilms tumor survivors, and diabetes mellitus and anemia complicating pregnancy in all survivors. These patients may require extra vigilance during pregnancy.
Fetal echocardiography in gravidas with historic risk factors for congenital heart disease.; All fetal echocardiograms performed at our institution between January 1, 1986, and June 1, 1991, were reviewed. The echocardiogram referral indication and results were verified for all women studied. Historic risk factors under consideration were pregestational diabetes, anticonvulsant or lithium ingestion in the first trimester, and a family history of congenital heart disease. Women with historic risk factors who had either a fetal abnormality on antenatal sonography or a known aneuploid fetus prior to the fetal echocardiograph were excluded. Of the 994 women who had a fetal echocardiogram performed during this study period, 486 (48.9%) were evaluated solely on the basis of a historic risk factor. Four of the 486 women (0.8%) were diagnosed as having a significant fetal structural cardiac malformation. Two of the four fetuses succumbed to obstetric complications. The remaining two infants were delivered at term and are doing well after postnatal cardiac surgery. In this select group of women with risk factors but no recognized fetal abnormality, the incidence of significant cardiac lesions was low. Although indications for fetal echocardiography must be evaluated on an individual basis, our data do not support a recommendation for the routine use of fetal echocardiography as a screening test in all women with historic risk factors.
Clinical risk factors for pre-eclampsia determined in early pregnancy: systematic review and meta-analysis of large cohort studies.; OBJECTIVE: To develop a practical evidence based list of clinical risk factors that can be assessed by a clinician at ≤ 16 weeks' gestation to estimate a woman's risk of pre-eclampsia. DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies. DATA SOURCES: PubMed and Embase databases, 2000-15. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA FOR SELECTING STUDIES: Cohort studies with ≥ 1000 participants that evaluated the risk of pre-eclampsia in relation to a common and generally accepted clinical risk factor assessed at ≤ 16 weeks' gestation. DATA EXTRACTION: Two independent reviewers extracted data from included studies. A pooled event rate and pooled relative risk for pre-eclampsia were calculated for each of 14 risk factors. RESULTS: There were 25,356,688 pregnancies among 92 studies. The pooled relative risk for each risk factor significantly exceeded 1.0, except for prior intrauterine growth restriction. Women with antiphospholipid antibody syndrome had the highest pooled rate of pre-eclampsia (17.3%, 95% confidence interval 6.8% to 31.4%). Those with prior pre-eclampsia had the greatest pooled relative risk (8.4, 7.1 to 9.9). Chronic hypertension ranked second, both in terms of its pooled rate (16.0%, 12.6% to 19.7%) and pooled relative risk (5.1, 4.0 to 6.5) of pre-eclampsia. Pregestational diabetes (pooled rate 11.0%, 8.4% to 13.8%; pooled relative risk 3.7, 3.1 to 4.3), prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) >30 (7.1%, 6.1% to 8.2%; 2.8, 2.6 to 3.1), and use of assisted reproductive technology (6.2%, 4.7% to 7.9%; 1.8, 1.6 to 2.1) were other prominent risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: There are several practical clinical risk factors that, either alone or in combination, might identify women in early pregnancy who are at "high risk" of pre-eclampsia. These data can inform the generation of a clinical prediction model for pre-eclampsia and the use of aspirin prophylaxis in pregnancy.
Acute myocardial infarction in pregnancy: spasm caused by hyperthyroidism?; We present a 26-year-old woman with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction in the 14th week of pregnancy. Coronary angiography revealed no abnormalities in the coronary arteries. She had no history of coronary risk factors such as smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, or dyslipidemia. Although we do not have direct evidence of coronary spasm in this patient, several factors suggest that coronary spasm is the most likely cause of myocardial infarction. We suspect that hyperthyroidism may have played an important role in coronary spasm in this patient. Early use of coronary angiography is helpful to identify the types of coronary artery lesions.
Pregnancy maternal fetal outcomes among pregnancies complicated with atrioventricular block.; BACKGROUND: Atrioventricular block (AVB) during pregnancy is rare. Case study for pregnancy with AVB have been reported but a consensus guideline for peripartum management has not been established. This study aimed to investigate cardiac and obstetric complications and outcomes in our pregnant women with AVB and share our management experience. METHODS: This was a retrospective study. We reviewed a total of 74 pregnant women with AVB who delivered at our tertiary care center in the past 10 years. The patients were categorized into four groups according to the degree of block. The data were analyzed and compared among the four groups of patients. RESULTS: Regarding the cardiac complications, the cardiac function level showed significant difference among patient groups. The higher NYHA class were observed in patients with higher degree AVB. Pacemaker was placed before delivery in 32/33 patients with III° AVB, 8/25 patients with II° AVB, and 0/16 patient with I° AVB. Other types of arrhythmias except AVB were present in all groups of patients but more frequently observed in type I patients with II° AVB. No other heart abnormalities were observed among the patient groups. Obstetric complications were found in 21 women (28.4%), including premature labor, premature rupture of membranes (PROM), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, etc. The incidence rate of fetal cardiac abnormalities was 6.58%. But no statistical difference was detected among four groups of patients for fetal and maternal complications and fetal cardiac abnormalities (P>0.05). Caesarean section was performed more in patients with high-degree AVB than in patients with low-degree AVB. No maternal or neonatal death in our cases. CONCLUSIONS: Most women with AVB could achieve successful pregnancy and delivery. Patients with II° AVB type II and III° AVB should be monitored vigilantly during pregnancy and post-partum. Temporary pacing before delivery appeared to be beneficial for women with III°AVB, and accurate diagnosis and care by a multidisciplinary team was recommended.
Associations of Maternal Early-Pregnancy Glucose Concentrations With Placental Hemodynamics, Blood Pressure, and Gestational Hypertensive Disorders.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risks of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. We hypothesized that high maternal glucose concentrations in early pregnancy are associated with adverse placental adaptations and subsequently altered uteroplacental hemodynamics during pregnancy, predisposing to an increased risk of gestational hypertensive disorders. METHODS: In a population-based prospective cohort study from early pregnancy onwards, among 6,078 pregnant women, maternal early-pregnancy non-fasting glucose concentrations were measured. Mid and late pregnancy uterine and umbilical artery resistance indices were assessed by Doppler ultrasound. Maternal blood pressure was measured in early, mid, and late pregnancy and the occurrence of gestational hypertensive disorders was assessed using hospital registries. RESULTS: Maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations were not associated with mid or late pregnancy placental hemodynamic markers. A 1 mmol/l increase in maternal early-pregnancy glucose concentrations was associated with 0.71 mm Hg (95% confidence interval 0.22-1.22) and 0.48 mm Hg (95% confidence interval 0.10-0.86) higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure in early pregnancy, respectively, but not with blood pressure in later pregnancy. Also, maternal glucose concentrations were not associated with the risks of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal early-pregnancy non-fasting glucose concentrations within the normal range are associated with blood pressure in early pregnancy, but do not seem to affect placental hemodynamics and the risks of gestational hypertensive disorders.
Effect of Fetal Sex on Maternal and Obstetric Outcomes.; Fetal sex plays an important role in modifying the course and complications related to pregnancy and may also have an impact on maternal health and well-being both during and after pregnancy. The goal of this article is to review and summarize the findings from published research on physiologic and pathologic changes that may be affected by fetal sex and the effect of these changes on the maternal and obstetrical outcomes. This will help create awareness that fetal sex is not just a random chance event but an interactive process between the mother, the placenta, and the fetus. The reported effects of male sex on the course of pregnancy and delivery include higher incidence of preterm labor in singletons and twins, failure of progression in labor, true umbilical cord knots, cord prolapse, nuchal cord, higher cesarean section rate, higher heart rate variability with increased frequency, and duration of decelerations without acidemia and increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus through the poor beta cells function. Similarly, female fetal sex has been reported to modify pregnancy and delivery outcomes including altered fetal cardiac hemodynamics, increased hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, higher vulnerability of developing type 2 DM after pregnancy possibly because of influences on increased maternal insulin resistance. Placental function is also influenced by fetal sex. Vitamin D metabolism in the placenta varies by fetal sex; and the placenta of a female fetus is more responsive to the relaxing action of magnesium sulfate. Male and female feto-placental units also vary in their responses to environmental toxin exposure. The association of fetal sex with stillbirths is controversial with many studies reporting higher risk of stillbirth in male fetuses; although some smaller and limited studies have reported more stillbirths with female fetus pregnancies. Maternal status such as BMI may in turn also affect the fetus and the placenta in a sex-specific manner. There is probably a sex-specific maternal-placental-fetal interaction that has significant biological implications of which the mechanisms may be genetic, epigenetic, or hormonal. Determination of fetal sex may therefore be an important consideration in management of pregnancy and childbirth.
Comprehensive assessment of biventricular myocardial function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in infants of gestational diabetic mothers.; AIMS: No previous research provided a complete biventricular and multidirectional left ventricular (LV) functional assessment by two-dimensional (2D) speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) in infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDM) METHODS: A total of 30 consecutive IGDM and 30 infants of healthy mothers were examined between March 2021 and July 2021. Both groups of infants underwent evaluation by neonatologist and 2D transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE quantification of LV-global longitudinal strain (GLS), LV-global circumferential strain (GCS), LV-global radial strain (GRS) and right ventricular (RV)-GLS, within 3 days of life and at 40 days after birth. Predictors of persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction, defined as a LVGLS less negative than -20% at 40-day follow-up, in IGDM population, were determined. RESULTS: At 2.2 ± 1.3 days after birth, LV-GLS (- 17.2 ± 1.9 vs. - 23.9 ± 3.8%), LV-GCS (- 17.9 ± 2.7 vs. - 27.3 ± 3.4%), LV-GRS (25.6 ± 3.4 vs. 35.8 ± 3.6%) and RV-GLS (- 17.6 ± 3.6 vs. - 22.6 ± 3.8%) were significantly impaired in IGDM than controls (all p < 0.001). At 36.8 ± 5.2 days of life, LV-GLS was still impaired (less negative than -20%) in 26.6% of IGDM. Maternal third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.89, 95%CI 1.05-3.39) and third trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.59, 95%CI 1.08-2.19) were independently associated with persistent LV-GLS impairment in IGDM. Maternal BMI ≥ 30 Kg/m2 and HbA1C ≥ 38 mmol/mol showed the maximum of sensitivity and specificity for predicting persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction in IGDM at 40 days of life. CONCLUSIONS: IGDM have diffuse pattern of myocardial dysfunction during perinatal period. This dysfunction may be persistent up to 40 days of life in infants of GDM women with obesity and uncontrolled diabetes.
Abnormal Glucose Tolerance in Women Diagnosed With Gestational Diabetes (WHO 2013) 10 Years After Index Pregnancy.; CONTEXT: It is not clear if the risk of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) is attenuated in the long-term in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) using the World Health Organization (WHO) 2013 criteria and who have received appropriate treatment during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the long-term prevalence of AGT and other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in this cohort. METHODS: A retrospective cohort follow-up study was conducted of 37 and 107 women diagnosed with and without GDM respectively using the WHO 2013 criteria between June 2010 and December 2010. Women were invited to attend our center, where they underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, blood and urine collection, body measurements, and electrocardiography. Main outcome measure included the development of AGT using the American Diabetes Association criteria. RESULTS: Sixteen (43.2%) women with GDM compared to 5 (4.7%) women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at index pregnancy had AGT (P < .001). In the GDM group, 10 (27.0%), 7 (18.9%), and 4 (10.8%) women had impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), respectively. In the NGT group, 2 (1.9%), 3 (2.8%), and 1 (0.9%) woman had IFG, IGT, and T2DM, respectively. Women with AGT also had an unfavorable metabolic profile including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. CONCLUSION: Women treated for GDM (WHO 2013 criteria) remain at increased risk for developing AGT and adverse CVD risk factors as early as a decade after diagnosis. Continued efforts are needed to accurately follow this population to address modifiable risk factors.
Effectiveness of Smartphone-Based Lifestyle Interventions on Women with Gestational Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition that causes poor glucose tolerance during pregnancy and usually resolves after birth. Having GDM impacts the mother and baby. Smartphone-based lifestyle interventions may offer innovative solutions. AIM: To examine the effects of smartphone-based lifestyle interventions on compliance, Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), maternal outcomes, infant outcomes, psychological status, satisfaction, and cost effectiveness among women with GDM. METHODS: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of smartphone-based lifestyle interventions for women with GDM aged over 18 years were included. A systematic search of PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, CINAHL, and Cochrane Library for articles published from January 2007 to March 2022 and updated on 12 October 2022. Data were extracted independently by two researchers, and the risk of bias in individual trials was rated using the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool (RoB 2). Meta-analysis was conducted by using RevMan 5.3. RESULTS: Ten studies were included involving 1626 participants. The mean ages of the women were 32.42 ±4.68 years. Eight out of 10 studies were conducted in developed countries. Meta-analysis found that smartphone-based lifestyle interventions statistically improved compliance [SMD = 7.36, 95% CI = (4.05 to 10.68), P < 0.0001] and decreased the incidences of neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission [RR = 0.64, 95% CI = (0.47,0.86), P = 0.003], compared with controls. However, intervention effects on HbA1c, maternal outcomes, neonatal hypoglycemia, and infant birth weight were non significant. Moreover, the satisfaction of intervention is high in this review. Contrastingly, no significant effects were observed for psychological status and cost-effectiveness. CONCLUSION: Smartphone-based lifestyle interventions may improve patient compliance and reduce NICU admissions. These findings may aid in developing future intervention strategies, help elucidate future research directions, and guide clinical practice for women with GDM. Future high-quality RCTs must be further studied at larger scales to examine smartphone-based lifestyle interventions' long-term effects and cost-effectiveness.
Prothrombotic risk factors in the evaluation and management of perinatal stroke.; The ischemia in children affected by perinatal stroke has long been thought to be driven by nonhematologic maternal and perinatal events. New information from clinical studies, however, tells us that plasma-phase risk factors, such as factor V Leiden, elevated lipoprotein (a), and mutations in MTHFR, may be important in the pathogenesis of perinatal stroke, if not always in the risk of recurrence. With regard to stroke recurrence, this risk is only about 2% according to the largest follow-up study to date, and certainly less than 5%. Nonetheless, when strokes do recur, they tend to be associated with the presence of plasma-phase risk factors in the affected child, suggesting that a small percentage of children with a first perinatal stroke may benefit from anticoagulation therapy, both to prevent stroke recurrence as well as occurence of a second, non-CNS thrombotic event. Counselling of parents with regard to subsequent pregnancies should always include medical management of systemic maternal disorders, such as diabetes, persistently elevated antiphospholipid antibodies, and inherited maternal hypercoagulability states.
High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: The present study was aimed to determine whether high potassium level during pregnancy is an independent risk factor for future atherosclerotic morbidity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity after their last delivery (n = 653) and matched controls (n = 4101). The mean follow-up duration was 57.7 ± 36.5 and 78.5 ± 42.3 months, respectively. The cases were further divided into: major events (severe atherosclerotic morbidity; n = 363), minor events (i.e. cardiovascular risk factors; n = 201) and cardiovascular evaluation tests (n = 89). The Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations while controlling for confounders. RESULTS: A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for confounders such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that K(+ )≥ 5.0 mEq/L during pregnancy was significantly associated with hospitalizations due to severe atherosclerotic morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.55; 95% CI 1.02-2.35; p = 0.039). A non-significant trend was also noted with long-term total hospitalizations for atherosclerotic (adjusted HR = 1.39; 95% CI 0.99-1.94; p = 0.052). CONCLUSION: High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with a significant risk for severe atherosclerotic morbidity, as it might be an indication for occult metabolic and renal dysfunction.
Relation between abdominal subcutaneous fat tissue thickness and inflammatory markers during pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: Subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness (SCFT) is important for predisposition to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Our aim was to evaluate maternal SCFT and metabolic changes (such as insulin resistance and high inflammatory markers) during pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A total of 92 pregnant women between 24-28 weeks of gestation were enrolled in the study. The SCFT was measured by ultrasonography and patients were divided into 2 groups according to thickness of maternal SCFT and body mass index (BMI). Groups were compared with each other for oral glucose loading test (OGL) results, and for haematological, biochemical and fetal biometric parameters. RESULTS: After analysis of frequency for SCFT, the most appropriate cut-off value for grouping patients was found to be 15 mm for SCFT. In 48 cases SCFT was over 15 mm. High C reactive protein (CRP) was found in 47.9% (23) of cases with SCFT over 15 mm. Serum haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level was significantly correlated with SCFT thickness. The most important factors for determination of OGL level were found to be serum HbA1c level, BMI and SCFT. In obese subjects (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2)), levels of inflammatory markers and SCFT thickness were higher. The CRP and γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels were significantly correlated with BMI and SCFT. CONCLUSIONS: High SCFT during pregnancy is associated with elevated inflammatory marker levels and HbA1c. Pregnant women with thicker SCFT may be susceptible to the development of metabolic complications of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension, as well as risk of future metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
Maternal weight, gut microbiota, and the association with early childhood behavior: the PREOBE follow-up study.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Maternal overweight and breastfeeding seem to have a significant impact on the gut microbiota colonization process, which co-occurs simultaneously with brain development and the establishment of the "microbiota-gut-brain axis", which potentially may affect behavior later in life. This study aimed to examine the influence of maternal overweight, obesity and/or gestational diabetes on the offspring behavior at 3.5 years of age and its association with the gut microbiota already established at 18 months of life. METHODS: 156 children born to overweight (OV, n = 45), obese (OB, n = 40) and normoweight (NW, n = 71) pregnant women participating in the PREOBE study were included in the current analysis. Stool samples were collected at 18 months of life and gut microbiome was obtained by 16S rRNA gene sequencing. Behavioral problems were evaluated at 3.5 years by using the Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL). ANOVA, Chi-Square Test, ANCOVA, Spearman's correlation, logistic regression model and generalized linear model (GLM) were performed. RESULTS: At 3.5 years of age, Children born to OV/OB mothers showed higher scores in behavioral problems than those born to NW mothers. Additionally, offspring born to OB mothers who developed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) presented higher scores in attention/deficit hyperactivity and externalizing problems than those born to GDM OV/NW mothers. Fusicatenibacter abundance found at 18 months of age was associated to lower scores in total, internalizing and pervasive developmental problems, while an unidentified genus within Clostridiales and Flavonifractor families abundance showed a positive correlation with anxiety/depression and somatic complaints, respectively. On the other hand, children born to mothers with higher BMI who were breastfed presented elevated anxiety, internalizing problems, externalizing problems and total problems scores; likewise, their gut microbiota composition at 18 months of age showed positive correlation with behavioral problems at 3.5 years: Actinobacteria abundance and somatic complaints and between Fusobacteria abundance and withdrawn behavior and pervasive developmental problems. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggests that OV/OB and/or GDM during pregnancy is associated with higher behavioral problems scores in children at 3.5 years old. Additionally, associations between early life gut microbiota composition and later mental health in children was also found.
Holoprosencephaly-polydactyly (pseudotrisomy 13) syndrome: case report and diagnostic criteria.; We report a new case of a fetus with holoprosencephaly-polydactyly syndrome, also known as pseudo-trisomy 13 syndrome, and no other apparent abnormalities except for septal agenesis of the left lung. The fetal karyotype was normal. Mutational analysis of five genes (SHH, SIX3, TGIF, ZIC2, and GLI3), which are major genes associated with holoprosencephaly, did not disclose any mutational findings. We therefore propose that the abnormalities of our fetus support the demarcation of this syndrome as an autonomous phenotype. Specific diagnostic criteria for holoprosencephaly-polydactyly syndrome need to be complemented by the absence of mutations in the major holoprosencephaly genes.
Prediction, medical illness and the risk of pre-eclampsia.; Preeclampsia, the leading cause of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality, has been recently considered not only a pregnancy disease but also a risk factor for developing diseases later in life. Preeclampsia is becoming a disease of interest to internists and not just obstetricians. Women who have had preeclampsia seem to be at higher risk of premature death, mortality from ischemic heart disease, cardiovascular diseases including ischemic heart disease and hypertension, fatal and non-fatal stroke, venous thromboembolism.renal failure, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism, and cognitive defects, although they appear surprisingly protected from cancer. Furthermore, having had preeclampsia isa problem not only for the mother's future health, but it also affects the offspring's adult health. Children born from preeclamptic pregnancies are more prone to hypertension, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus, neurological problems, stroke, and mental disorders along their life.Whether preeclampsia is a risk factor for disease later in life or it creates long-term organ damage is an intriguing question. Understanding the etiological background may provide guidance for the prevention and follow-up of women who experience preeclampsia.
Cardiovascular Risk Screening and Pregnancy Complications: A Comparison of Two Canadian Maternal Health Clinic Populations.; OBJECTIVE: This study compared pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease risk indicators between women who attended 2 different postpartum screening and education clinics: 1 at an urban tertiary care centre and 1 at a northern, rural community hospital. Risk differences associated with ethnicity were also examined. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective record review that compared data from an urban clinic in Kingston, Ontario (n = 675) with those from a rural clinic in Prince Rupert, British Columbia (n = 65). Patients who had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm birth, or placental abruption attended the clinics at 6 months postpartum. Demographic information, personal and family history, physical examination findings, and laboratory results were collected and used to generate cardiovascular risk estimates using validated scoring systems. These estimates were compared between clinic populations and between ethnic subsets. RESULTS: Fifty-five percent of the Prince Rupert cohort were Indigenous, while 87% of the Kingston cohort were White (P < 0.001). A greater proportion of the Kingston cohort had experienced hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (P = 0.002), while a greater proportion of the Prince Rupert cohort had developed gestational diabetes (P=0.010). The Prince Rupert population had higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular disease risk scores (P = 0.008 and P = 0.005, respectively). Indigenous patients had more major cardiovascular risk factors as well as higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular risk scores (P = 0.001 and P = 0.008, respectively) than White and Asian patients. CONCLUSION: The increased cardiovascular disease risk in both rural and Indigenous women supports the need for better postpartum care, long-term follow-up, and early promotion of cardiovascular health in these populations.
Uterine artery function in a mouse model of pregnancy complicated by diabetes.; It has been demonstrated previously that endothelium-dependent vasodilatation is impaired in myometrial arteries from women with gestational diabetes, which may play a role in mediating complications observed in diabetic pregnancies. It is not known which aspects of endothelium-dependent vasodilatation are impaired, thus a mouse model of pregnancy complicated by streptozotocin-induced diabetes was established to investigate underlying mechanisms. Uterine arteries from term-pregnant, diabetic and control C57Bl6/J mice were assessed using acetylcholine (ACh; 10(-10)-10(-5)M) in the presence or absence of a nitric oxide (NO) synthase inhibitor (L-NNA; 10(-5)M), a cyclooxygenase (COX) inhibitor (indomethacin; 10(-5)M) or the two in combination. Sensitivity to ACh was comparable between diabetic and control mice. However, the contribution of endothelium-dependent vasodilators was significantly altered. L-NNA significantly inhibited the relaxation of arteries from diabetic compared to control mice (65+/-11% vs 18+/-6%; p<.05). L-NNA and indomethacin significantly inhibited the relaxation of arteries from diabetic mice compared to control (87+/-5% vs 33+/-14%; p<0.05). These data indicate that endothelium-dependent relaxation of the uterine artery of control, pregnant mice was largely mediated by the non-NO/non-COX component. Surprisingly, arteries from diabetic mice were primarily dependent on NO, which may affect compensatory capacity as the disease progresses.
Intrauterine growth restriction coupled with hyperglycemia: effects on cardiac structure in adult rats.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) has been linked to heart disease in adulthood. Hence the IUGR heart is likely to be vulnerable to diabetic heart disease. The aim of this study was to examine the effect of induction of type 1 diabetes on myocardial collagen deposition and cardiac function in adult rats with a history of IUGR, after controlling blood glucose levels. METHODS: IUGR was induced by protein restriction in the pregnant female rat. When the offspring were 24 wk of age, diabetes was induced in male IUGR and non-IUGR rats by means of streptozotocin; insulin injections were used to maintain blood glucose levels at a mild (7-10 mmol/l; n = 8 per group) or moderate level (10-15 mmol/l; n = 8 per group). Echocardiography and cardiac morphology analyses were carried out when the rats were 32 wk of age. RESULTS: IUGR offspring exhibited cardiac hypertrophy at 32 wk, including a thicker posterior wall and increased interstitial fibrosis in the left ventricle. Hyperglycemia led to an increase in heart size and myocardial fibrosis. The response to hyperglycemia was not different between IUGR and non-IUGR rats; however, cardiac fibrosis was greatest when diabetes was present along with a history of IUGR. In general, maintaining blood glucose levels at a mildly hyperglycemic level attenuated the adverse effects of hyperglycemia but did not reverse the fibrosis. CONCLUSION: Exacerbated fibrosis in hyperglycemic hearts of IUGR offspring may lead to long-term cardiac dysfunction.
iTRAQ proteomics analysis of placental tissue with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is an endocrine and metabolic disorder that appears for the first time during pregnancy and causes varying degrees of short- and/or long-term effects on the mother and child. The etiology of the disease is currently unknown and isobaric tags for relative and absolute quantitation proteomics approach, the present study attempted to identify potential proteins in placental tissues that may be involved in the pathogenesis of GDM and adverse foetal pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: Pregnant women with GDM hospitalised were selected as the experimental group, and pregnant women with normal glucose metabolism as the control group. The iTRAQ protein quantification technology was used to screen the differentially expressed proteins between the GDM group and the normal control group, and the differentially expressed proteins were analysed by GO, KEGG, PPI, etc., and the key proteins were subsequently verified by western blot. RESULTS: Based on the proteomics of iTRAQ, we experimented with three different samples of placental tissues from GDM and normal pregnant women, and the total number of identified proteins were 5906, 5959, and 6017, respectively, which were similar in the three different samples, indicating that the results were reliable. Through the Wayne diagram, we found that the total number of proteins coexisting in the three groups was 4475, and 91 differential proteins that could meet the quantification criteria were strictly screened, of which 32 proteins were up-regulated and 59 proteins were down-regulated. By GO enrichment analysis, these differential proteins are widely distributed in extracellular membrane-bounded organelle, mainly in extracellular exosome, followed by intracellular vesicle, extracellular organelle. It not only undertakes protein binding, protein complex binding, macromolecular complex binding, but also involves molecular biological functions such as neutrophil degranulation, multicellular organismal process, developmental process, cellular component organization, secretion, regulated exocytosis. Through the analysis of the KEGG signaling pathway, it is found that these differential proteins are mainly involved in HIF-1 signaling pathway, Glycolysis/Gluconeogenesis, Central carbon metabolism in cancer, AMPK signaling pathway, Proteoglycans in cancer, Protein processing in endoplasmic reticulum, Thyroid cancer, Alcoholism, Glucagon signaling pathway. DISCUSSION: This preliminary study helps us to understand the changes in the placental proteome of GDM patients, and provides new insights into the pathophysiology of GDM.
Placental ischaemia is a consequence rather than a cause of pre-eclampsia.; The aetiology or pre-eclampsia remains unknown, but it is widely accepted that the disorder is placental in origin. Failed trophoblast invasion of the maternal spiral arteries is accepted to be a central pathogenetic mechanism. However, the concept of failed trophoblast invasion is based on an assumption rather than direct scientific observation and there are other likely explanations for this phenomenon. The criteria for disease causation, such as the Bradford-Hill criteria are central to the ascertainment of causal relationships in modern medicine and these criteria are used here to assess the relationship between the placenta and pre-eclampsia. There is a strong association between pre-eclampsia and small (rather than large) placentas and an appropriate dose-response relationship does not exist. Failed trophoblast invasion of the spiral arteries is not specific to pre-eclampsia and occurs in other pregnancy complications and in up to 40% of biopsies from normal pregnancies and the relationship between placental ischaemia and pre-eclampsia is very inconsistent. A placental cause for pre-eclampsia is not consistent with the pathogenesis of other pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes mellitus. If pre-eclampsia was a disease of trophoblast origin, the risk of the disease should be determined by trophoblast rather than maternal factors. However, evidence from assisted reproduction shows that the risk of a woman developing pre-eclampsia is almost entirely dependent on maternal factors and independent of the embryo from which the placenta develops. There is currently no plausible proven mechanism by which the placenta causes pre-eclampsia. The syndrome typically gets worse, and can arise de-novo after the placenta has been removed, calling into question the role of the placenta in its causation. Uterine artery ligation in humans, unlike in animal experiments, is not associated with an increased incidence of pre-eclampsia, calling into question the role of poor utero-placental perfusion in the cause of the disease in humans. The signals that initiate maternal adaptive responses during pregnancy come from or through the placenta into the maternal milieu but as is the case with gestational diabetes mellitus, are not necessarily the cause of maternal disease. Pre-eclampsia causes renal, hepatic, myocardial, cerebral and adrenal ischaemia--that is ischaemia in all highly vascular organs. Placental ischaemia, like ischaemia in all other organs, is a consequence rather than a causal factor in the development of the syndrome and this has profound consequences for research strategies.
Morphometric Analysis of Placenta and Fetal Doppler Indices in Normal and High-Risk Pregnancies.; Background High-risk pregnancies, encompassing pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia toxemia (PET), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), represent intricate medical challenges with potential repercussions for maternal and fetal health. This research undertakes a comprehensive comparative investigation into the variations of Doppler indices and placental parameters within the context of these high-risk conditions when juxtaposed against pregnancies characterized as normal. Methodology Employing a rigorous cross-sectional study design, a diverse cohort of pregnant individuals with gestational diabetes, IUGR, PIH, and preeclampsia was meticulously assembled. Additionally, a group of normal pregnant women served as the comparative reference. Doppler ultrasound assessments, viz, pulsatility index (PI), were carefully performed to estimate blood flow velocities within critical maternal and fetal vessels, while placental parameters were meticulously quantified, encompassing dimensions, vascular architecture, and morphological features. Results Except in the GDM group, all high-risk groups had reduced estimated placental weight and actual birth weight than normal pregnant women. All high-risk groups showed a highly significant elevation of the PI of the umbilical artery and PI of the middle cerebral artery (MCA) than normal but the PI of MCA was significantly reduced in the PET group than in normal individuals. The cerebro-placental ratio in the GDM and IUGR groups revealed markedly greater values, whereas PET showed lower values. IUGR and PIH groups showed a substantial reduction in the fetal birth weight. All high-risk groups (GDM, IUGR, PIH, and PET) showed a highly significant reduction in luminal area umbilical artery 1 than the normal pregnant women. In IUGR, marginal placental insertion was very high, followed by GDM and PET groups. Conclusions This study reveals that Doppler indices, placental parameters, newborn weight, and their related ratios may be utilized to anticipate gestation difficulties and gain insight into the pathophysiology of problematic conceptions.
Early Pregnancy Vitamin D Binding Protein Is Independently Associated with the Development of Gestational Diabetes: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Vitamin D-binding protein (VDBP) has been implicated in several adverse pregnancy outcomes either directly or indirectly via influencing the concentrations of biologically active vitamin D metabolites. However, human studies exploring these metabolites in pregnancy remain sparse. Here, we examine whether VDBP and total, free, and bioavailable 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) metabolites in early pregnancy are associated with subsequent adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis of 304 pregnant women in early pregnancy (<20 weeks gestation). The demographic characteristics, anthropometric data, and total 25(OH)D were measured and plasma or serum samples were collected and bio-banked. Using these samples, we measured VDBP (polyclonal ELISA) and albumin (automated colorimetry), and calculated free and bioavailable 25(OH)D using validated formulae. Pregnancy outcomes were derived from scanned medical records. Regression models were used to analyse the relationships between vitamin D metabolites in early pregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre-eclampsia, preterm birth), with adjustment for predetermined clinically relevant maternal factors including age, body mass index (BMI), and ethnicity. RESULTS: Lower VDBP concentrations were associated with higher glucose levels and a greater likelihood of developing GDM at 26-28 weeks gestation (odds ratio [OR] (95% CI) = 0.98 (0.97,0.99), p = 0.015). This finding remained significant after adjustment for maternal covariates including age, BMI, and ethnicity (β = -0.003, p = 0.03). Lower total, free and bioavailable 25(OH)D, but not VDBP, were associated with a shorter length of gestation, but only the relationship with total 25(OH)D remained significant after adjustment for the above maternal covariates (β = 0.02, p = 0.006). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to examine VDBP, and total, free and bioavailable 25(OH)D in relation to pregnancy outcomes in a well characterised multi-ethnic cohort of pregnant women. Our findings show that VDBP and total 25(OH)D are associated with GDM and length of gestation, respectively; however, further investigations using large-scale prospective studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Cardiopulmonary adaptation in large for gestational age infants of diabetic and nondiabetic mothers.; AIM: To compare cardiopulmonary adaptation in large for gestational age infants of diabetic and nondiabetic mothers. METHODS: Color Doppler echocardiography was performed in 113 (22 large for gestational age infants of diabetic mothers, 21 of nondiabetic mothers and 70 adequate for gestational age newborns) full-term infants. RESULTS: Pulmonary arterial pressure was significantly higher in infants of diabetic mothers than in those of nondiabetic mothers and normal infants at 24 h (38.5 vs. 32.5, and 35.5 mmHg, respectively). However, slow fall in this parameter was shown in all large for gestational age infants. Open ductus arteriosus was frequent in all large for gestational age infants, but its closure was significantly delayed in infants of diabetic mothers. Septal hypertrophy was higher in infants of diabetic mothers than in large for gestational age infants of nondiabetic mothers. CONCLUSION: Large for gestational age infants born from nondiabetic mothers showed delayed fall in pulmonary arterial pressure similar to those born from diabetic mothers but showed lower proportion of septal hypertrophy. Patent ductus arteriosus persisted for longer period of time in all large for gestational age infants than in normal infants, but its closure was significantly delayed in infants of diabetic mothers.
[Early and late complications of hyperglycemic extremely low birth-weight infants].; Introduction: During recent decades, the perinatal mortality of extremely low-birth weight infants has decreased. An important task is to recognize complications of prematurity. Aim: We made an attempt to explore the relationship between complications of prematurity and neonatal hyperglycemia. Method: From 1 January 2014 to 31 December 2017, 188 infants with birth weight below 1000 g were admitted. For each infant, the frequencies of hyperglycemia (blood glucose >8.5 mmol/l), retinopathy of prematurity, intraventricular hemorrhage, and bronchopulmonary dysplasia were determined. Animal studies were performed in Sprague Dawley rats. Hyperglycemia was achieved by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (100 mg/kg). On the 7th day of life, aorta sections were prepared and stained with hematoxylin eosin. Wall thickness was measured using QCapture Pro 7 image analysis software. Results: The mean ± SD gestational age and birth weight were 27.1 ± 2.2 weeks and 814.9 ± 151.9 g; 33 infants (17.5%) died. Hyperglycemia was confirmed in 62 cases (32.9%), and insulin treatment was given to 43 infants (22.8%). The gestational age and birth weight of the hyperglycemic infants were significantly lower (p<0.001), the incidence of severe retinopathy (p = 0.012) and the mortality of insulin-treated patients were higher (p = 0.02) than in normoglycemic infants. Among survivors (n = 155), we found by logistic regression analysis that hyperglycemia was a risk factor for severe retinopathy (p<0.001). In the rat model, neonatal hyperglycemia caused significant thickening of the aortic wall. Conclusion: Our studies indicate that hyperglycemia is common in extremely low birth-weight infants. Monitoring of these infants for retinopathy of prematurity, kidney dysfunction, and hypertension is recommended. Orv Hetil. 2019; 160(32): 1270-1278.
Recognition of caudal regression syndrome.; Caudal regression syndrome, also referred to as caudal dysplasia and sacral agenesis syndrome, is a rare congenital malformation characterized by varying degrees of developmental failure early in gestation. It involves the lower extremities, the lumbar and coccygeal vertebrae, and corresponding segments of the spinal cord. This is a rare disorder, and true pathogenesis is unclear. The etiology is thought to be related to maternal diabetes, genetic predisposition, and vascular hypoperfusion, but no true causative factor has been determined. Fetal diagnostic tools allow for early recognition of the syndrome, and careful examination of the newborn is essential to determine the extent of the disorder. Associated organ system dysfunction depends on the severity of the disease. Related defects are structural, and systematic problems including respiratory, cardiac, gastrointestinal, urinary, orthopedic, and neurologic can be present in varying degrees of severity and in different combinations. A multidisciplinary approach to management is crucial. Because the primary pathology is irreversible, treatment is only supportive.
PARCCS: A Machine Learning Risk-Prediction Model for Acute Peripartum Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions.; BACKGROUND: Maternal mortality in the United States remains high, with cardiovascular (CV) complications being a leading cause. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this paper was to develop the PARCCS (Prediction of Acute Risk for Cardiovascular Complications in the Peripartum Period Score) for acute CV complications during delivery. METHODS: Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2016-2020) and International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes to identify delivery admissions were used. Acute CV/renal complications were defined as a composite of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, renal complications, venous thromboembolism, arrhythmias, and pulmonary edema. A risk prediction model, PARCCS, was developed using machine learning consisting of 14 variables and scored out of 100 points. RESULTS: Of the 2,371,661 pregnant patients analyzed, 7.0% had acute CV complications during delivery hospitalization. Patients with CV complications had a higher prevalence of comorbidities and were more likely to be of Black race and lower income. The PARCCS variables included electrolyte imbalances (13 points [p]), age (3p for age <20 years), cesarean delivery (4p), obesity (5p), pre-existing heart failure (28p), multiple gestations (4p), Black race (2p), gestational hypertension (3p), low income (1p), gestational diabetes (2p), chronic diabetes (6p), prior stroke (22p), coagulopathy (5p), and nonelective admission (2p). Using the validation set, the performance of the model was evaluated with an area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve of 0.68 and a 95% CI of 0.67 to 0.68. CONCLUSIONS: PARCCS has the potential to be an important tool for identifying pregnant individuals at risk of acute peripartum CV complications at the time of delivery. Future studies should further validate this score and determine whether it can improve patient outcomes.
Epidemiologic perspectives of risk for developing diabetes and diabetes complications.; The incidence and prevalence of diabetes is increasing worldwide. National recommendations for screening and diagnosis of diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia provide a basis for early detection, treatment, and intervention that may potentially decrease related complications, and personal and economic costs of the disease. Most important is that knowledge exists about who is at risk for diabetes by weight, family history of diabetes, ethnicity, and history of gestational diabetes that allows for the development and implementation of diabetes primary prevention programs. Multiple national health care providers, systems of care, and communities that can be used to guide such prevention, early screening, and disease detection and intervention programs aimed at decreasing the burden of diabetes.
The cumulative impact of parity on the body mass index (BMI) in a non-selected Lower Saxony population.; OBJECTIVES: During the last decade obesity has been continuously rising in adults in industrial countries. The increased occurrence of perinatal complications caused by maternal obesity poses a major challenge for obstetricians during pregnancy and childbirth. This study aims to examine the association between parity, pregnancy, birth risks, and body mass index (BMI) of women from Lower Saxony, Germany. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study examined pseudonymized data of a non-selected singleton cohort from Lower Saxony's statewide quality assurance initiative. Mothers were categorized according to BMI as normal weight (18.5 to <25 kg/m(2)) or obese (≥30 kg/m(2)). RESULTS: Most of the mothers in this study population were either in their first (33.9%) or second pregnancy (43.4%). The mean age of women giving birth for the first time was 28.3 years. Maternal age increased with increasing parity. The proportion of pregnant women with a BMI over 30 was 11% in primiparous women, 14.3% in second para, 17.3% in third para and 24.1% in fourth para or more women. Increasing parity was positively correlated with the incidence of classical diseases related to obesity, namely diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes, hypertension, pregnancy-related hypertension and urinary protein excretion. An increased risk of primary or secondary cesarean section was observed in the obese women, particularly during the first deliveries. CONCLUSIONS: There is a positive and significant correlation between parity and increased maternal BMI. The highest weight gain happens during the first pregnancy. The rate of operative deliveries and complications during delivery is increased in obese pregnant women.
Cardiovascular disease: screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman.; Menopause-related oestrogen deficiency increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The presence of abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, fasting hyperglycaemia or impaired glucose tolerance further aggravates the CVD risk imposed by menopause. A detailed personal history should be recorded, covering PCOS, gestational diabetes mellitus, alcohol intake and smoking, as well as a family history of cardiovascular disease. Screening of the a-symptomatic post-menopausal woman should include fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose and liver, renal and thyroid function tests. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c)>130 mg/dL is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Levels of triglycerides (TG)>or=150 mg/dL and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c)<or=50 mg/dL coupled with an increase in small dense LDL and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles constitute the atherogenic dyslipidemia, which characterizes the metabolic syndrome. In women with previous VTE episodes, screening for thrombophilia is advisable, as well as an estimation of baseline homocysteine and C-reactive protein (CRP). Non-pharmacological intervention should be targeted towards smoking cessation, a low-salt, low-fat, high-fibre diet and increased physical activity.
Increased cesarean section rate and premature birth according to modified WHO maternal cardiovascular risk in pregnant women with congenital heart disease.; BACKGROUND: During pregnancy and delivery, hemodynamics are altered and complex congenital heart disease has been associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. We sought to investigate pregnancy outcome and complications in relation to complexity of heart condition. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We studied women with ACHD discussed at multidisciplinary conferences at Lund University Hospital March 2009-May 2021. We studied 149 pregnancies in 101 women. We scored each woman retrospectively according to the modified World Health Organization (mWHO) risk classification and included patients in risk class I (n = 36, 24.1%), II (n = 43, 28.9%), II-III (n = 43, 28.9%), III (n = 24, 16.1%) and IV (n = 3, 2.0%). RESULTS: Women with mWHO class ≥III underwent cesarean section more often than women in less complex mWHO classes, (OR, 5.1; 95% CI, 2.0-12.5; p<0.001). The odds of premature delivery were significantly higher among pregnant women with mWHO class ≥III (OR, 6.7; 95% CI, 2.6-17.4; p<0.001). We found no difference in incidence of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, hemorrhage >1000 ml or cardiac defect in the neonate depending on WHO-class. Women in mWHO classes III-IV had a higher rate of fetal growth restriction (FGR) compared to women in mWHO classes I, II, II-III (p<0.007). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that women with more complex heart disease (mWHO classes III or IV) tend to have a higher rate of cesarean section, premature birth and FGR.
Prevalence of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease in India: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) contributes to a large proportion of liver disease burden in the world. Several groups have studied the prevalence of NAFLD in the Indian population. AIM: A systematic review of the published literature and meta-analysis was carried out to estimate the prevalence of NAFLD in the Indian population. METHODS: English language literature published until April 2021 was searched from electronic databases. Original data published in any form which had reported NAFLD prevalence in the Indian population were included. The subgroup analysis of prevalence was done based on the age (adults or children) and risk category, i.e., average-risk group (community population, participants of control arm, unselected participants, hypothyroidic individuals, athletes, aviation crew, and army personnel) and high-risk group (obesity or overweight, diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, etc.). The prevalence estimates were pooled using the random-effects model. Heterogeneity was assessed with I(2). RESULTS: Sixty-two datasets (children 8 and adults 54) from 50 studies were included. The pooled prevalence of NAFLD was estimated from 2903 children and 23,581 adult participants. Among adults, the estimated pooled prevalence was 38.6% (95% CI 32-45.5). The NAFLD prevalence in average-risk and high-risk subgroups was estimated to be 28.1% (95% CI 20.8-36) and 52.8% (95% CI 46.5-59.1), respectively. The estimated NAFLD prevalence was higher in hospital-based data (40.8% [95% CI 32.6-49.3%]) than community-based data (28.2% [95% CI 16.9-41%]). Among children, the estimated pooled prevalence was 35.4% (95% CI 18.2-54.7). The prevalence among non-obese and obese children was 12.4 (95% CI 4.4-23.5) and 63.4 (95% CI 59.4-67.3), respectively. CONCLUSION: Available data suggest that approximately one in three adults or children have NAFLD in India.
Small for gestational age births among South Indian women: temporal trend and risk factors from 1996 to 2010.; BACKGROUND: The birth weight and gestational age at birth are two important variables that define neonatal morbidity and mortality. In developed countries, chronic maternal diseases like hypertension, diabetes mellitus, renal disease or collagen vascular disease is the most common cause of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Maternal nutrition, pregnancy induced hypertension, chronic maternal infections, and other infections such as cytomegalovirus, parvovirus, rubella and malaria are the other causes of IUGR. The present study examines the secular trend of Small for Gestational Age (SGA) over 15 years and risk factors for SGA from a referral hospital in India. METHODS: Data from 1996 to 2010 was obtained from the labour room register. A rotational sampling scheme was used i.e. 12 months of the year were divided into 4 quarters. Taking into consideration all deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, babies whose birth weights were less than 10(th) percentile of the cut off values specific for gestational ages, were categorized as SGA. Only deliveries of live births that occurred between 22 and 42 weeks of pregnancy were considered in this study. Besides bivariate analyses, multivariable logistic regression analysis was done. Nagelkerke R(2) statistics and Hosmer and Lemeshow chi-square statistics were used as goodness of fit statistics. RESULTS: Based on the data from 36,674 deliveries, the incidence of SGA was 11.4% in 1996 and 8.4% in 2010. Women who had multiple pregnancies had the higher odds of having SGA babies, 2.8 (2.3-3.3) times. The women with hypertensive disease had 1.8 (1.5-1.9) times higher odds of having SGA. Underweight women had 1.7 (1.3 - 2.1) times and anaemic mothers had 1.29 (1.01 - 1.6) times higher odds. The mothers who had cardiac disease were 1.4 (1.01 - 2.0) times at higher odds for SGA. In teenage pregnancies, the odds of SGA was 1.3 (1.1 - 1.5) times higher than mothers in the age group 20 to 35 years. CONCLUSIONS: There is a significant reduction in the incidence of SGA by 26% over 15 years. The women with the above modifiable risk factors need to be identified early and provided with health education on optimal birth weight.
Beta-adrenergic blocking drugs in the treatment of hypertension.; The reduction in blood pressure seen with the use of beta-blocking drugs was an unexpected finding. Initially there was resistance to their use as the reduction of cardiac output and increase in peripheral resistance from beta-blockade was considered an undesirable pharmacological action for a drug in the treatment of hypertension. However, beta-blockers have now become established in the treatment of hypertension and have been recommended as a first line choice in various guidelines, although their exact mode of action remains a matter for debate. In broad terms beta-blocking drugs are at least of similar efficacy to the other major classes of antihypertensive drugs. They may be usefully combined with other anti-hypertensives, as is often required. There is some evidence that the beta-1 selective agents are more efficacious than the non-selective beta-blockers. Notwithstanding some observations to the contrary beta-blockers are often effective antihypertensive agents in the elderly and in black patients; the combination of being elderly and black, however, appears to result in a reduced fall in blood pressure. If they are given early in pregnancy they lead to a low birth weight. Co-existant disease may influence the choice of a beta-blocker to treat hypertension. Beta-blockers are valuable agents in ischaemic heart disease, notably the control of chronic angina pectoris and to improve prognosis post-myocardial infarction. While initial dose titration has to be extremely careful, heart failure is now a strong indication for the use of a beta-blocker, as prognosis is much improved. Diabetes should no longer be regarded as a contra-indication to the use of a beta-1 selective agent. Recent work confirms that beta-blockers should be given to patients undergoing surgery who have a high cardiac risk. Outcome studies suggest overall that in younger patients beta-blockers reduce the incidence of strokes and myocardial infarction. There is no convincing evidence of a difference between the ACE inhibitor captopril and the combination of diuretic and a beta-blocker. In high risk patients, i.e. those with diabetes, no difference was seen between captopril and atenolol. Diuretics may result in better outcome measurements in the elderly compared to beta-blockade but in combination, "conventional treatment" is as effective in terms of total mortality, strokes and myocardial infarction as ACE inhibitors or calcium antagonists. Co-existant asthma remains an important contraindication to beta-blockade, but not chronic obstructive airways disease where a beta-blocker should be used with caution if it is indicated, e.g. post-infarction. Quality of life measurements, at least with beta-1 selective agents compare favourably with other anti-hypertensive drugs. Beta-blockers, without partial agonist activity, should not be stopped abruptly, particularly in patients with, or at high risk of, co-existant ischaemic disease because of the danger of post-beta-blockade cardiac sympathetic hypersensitivity; alternatively bed rest should be instituted to reduce the risk of sympathetic stimulation.
Beta-adrenergic blocking drugs in the treatment of hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Obesity in pregnancy is associated with insulin resistance, which underpins many common complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and fetal macrosomia. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effect of a complex behavioural intervention based on diet and physical activity (PA) on the risk of GDM and delivery of a large-for-gestational age (LGA) infant. DESIGN: Three phases: (1) the development phase, (2) the pilot study and (3) a multicentre randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing a behavioural intervention to improve glycaemic control with standard antenatal care in obese pregnant women. A cost–utility analysis was undertaken to estimate the cost-effectiveness of the health training (intervention) over and above standard care (control). SETTING: Pilot study: antenatal clinics in four inner-city UK hospitals. RCT: eight antenatal clinics in eight UK inner-city hospitals. PARTICIPANTS: Women were eligible for inclusion if they had a body mass index of ≥ 30 kg/m(2), were pregnant with a single fetus and at 15(+0) to 18(+6) weeks’ gestation, were able to give written informed consent and were without predefined disorders. INTERVENTION: The intervention comprised an initial session with a health trainer, followed by eight weekly sessions. Dietary advice recommended foods with a low dietary glycaemic index, avoidance of sugar-sweetened beverages and reduced saturated fats. Women were encouraged to increase daily PA. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Development phase: intervention development, acceptability and optimal approach for delivery. Pilot study: change in dietary and PA behaviours at 28 weeks’ gestation. RCT: the primary outcome of the RCT was, for the mother, GDM [as measured by the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG)’s diagnostic criteria] and, for the infant, LGA delivery (i.e. customised birthweight ≥ 90th centile for gestational age). RESULTS: Development phase: following a literature meta-analysis, a study of dietary intention questionnaires and semistructured interviews, an intervention based on behavioural science was developed that incorporated optimal and acceptable methods for delivery. Pilot study: the pilot study demonstrated improvement in dietary behaviours in the intervention compared with the standard care arm but no increase in objectively measured PA. Process evaluation demonstrated feasibility and general acceptability. RCT: the RCT showed no effect of the intervention on GDM in obese pregnant women or the number of deliveries of LGA infants. There was a reduction in dietary glycaemic load (GL) and reduced saturated fat intake, an increase in PA and a modest reduction in gestational weight gain, all secondary outcomes. Lower than expected was the number of LGA infant deliveries in all women, which suggested that universal screening for GDM with IADPSG’s diagnostic criteria, and subsequent treatment, may reduce the number of deliveries of LGA infants. According to the cost–utility analysis, the estimated probability that the UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT) behavioural intervention is cost-effective at the £30,000/quality-adjusted life-year willingness-to-pay threshold was 1%. LIMITATIONS: Included the high refusal rate for participation and self-reported assessment of diet and PA. CONCLUSIONS: The UPBEAT intervention, an intense theoretically based intervention in obese pregnant women, did not reduce the risk of GDM in women or the number of LGA infant deliveries, despite successfully reducing the dietary GL. Based on total cost to the NHS provider and health gains, the UPBEAT intervention provided no supporting evidence to suggest that the intervention represents value for money based on the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence benchmarks for cost-effectiveness. FUTURE WORK: Alternative strategies for reducing the risk of GDM in obese pregnant women and the number of LGA infant deliveries should be considered, including development of clinically effective interventions to prevent obesity in women of reproductive age, of clinically effective interventions to reduce weight retention following pregnancy and of risk stratification tools in early pregnancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN89971375 and UK Clinical Research Network Portfolio 5035. FUNDING: This project was funded by the NIHR Programme Grant for Applied Research programme and will be published in full in Programme Grants for Applied Research, Vol. 5, No. 10. See the NIHR journals library website for further project information. Contributions to funding were also provided by the Chief Scientist Office CZB/4/680, Scottish Government Health Directorates, Edinburgh; Guys and St Thomas’ Charity, Tommy’s Charity (Lucilla Poston, Annette L Briley, Paul T Seed) and the NIHR Biomedical Research Centre at Guy’s and St Thomas’ NHS Foundation Trust and King’s College London, UK and the Academy of Finland, Finland. Keith M Godfrey was supported by the National Institute for Health Research through the NIHR Southampton Biomedical Research Centre. Lucilla Poston and Keith M Godfrey were supported by the European Union’s Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007-2013), project EarlyNutrition under grant agreement number 289346.
The Human Breast Milk Metabolome in Overweight and Obese Mothers.; Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) is a major relevance factor, since maternal overweight and obesity can impair the pregnancy outcome and represent risk factors for several neonatal, childhood, and adult conditions, including excessive weight gain, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and even behavioral disorders. Currently, breast milk (BM) composition in such category of mothers was not completely defined. In this field, metabolomics represents the ideal technology, able to detect the whole profile of low molecular weight molecules in BM. Limited information is available on human BM metabolites differences in overweight or obese compared to lean mothers. Analyzing all the metabolomics studies published on Medline in English language, this review evaluated the effects that 8 specific types of metabolites found altered by maternal overweight and obesity (nucleotide derivatives, 5-methylthioadenosine, sugar-alcohols, acylcarnitine and amino acids, polyamines, mono-and oligosaccharides, lipids) can exert on the risk of offspring obesity development and other potentially associated health outcomes and complications. However, metabolites variations in samples collected from overweight and obese mothers and the potentially correlated effects highlighted below still need further investigations and should be confirmed in future metabolomics studies on larger samples. Finally, the positive or negative influence of maternal overweight and obesity on the offspring, potentially exerted by breastfeeding, should be analyzed in close correlation with maternal age, genetic and environmental factors, including diet, and taking into account the interactions occurring between BM metabolites and lactobiome. The evaluation of all the factors affecting BM metabolites in overweight and obese mothers can lead to the comprehensive description of such biofluid and the related effects on breastfed subjects, potentially highlighting personalized needs of BM supplementation or short- and long-term prevention strategies to optimize offspring health.
The antiphospholipid symdrome in a teenage with miscarriages, thromboses, and diabetes mellitus.; The antiphospholipid syndrome has been associated with many clinical conditions since its description by GRV Hughes in 1983. The linkage to Type 1 diabetes mellitus has not been established. There have been no reports of deep venous thrombosis in association with antiphospholipid syndrome and diabetes mellitus. We present the case of an African-American teenager with multiple miscarriages, diabetic ketoacidosis, deep venous thromboses, and elevated immunoglobulin M and G anticardiolipin antibodies. We urge that clinicians consider testing for antiphospholipid antibodies when diabetic patients present with multiple miscarriages or deep venous thrombosis.
The emerging role of ACE2 in physiology and disease.; The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) is a key regulator of systemic blood pressure and renal function and a key player in renal and cardiovascular disease. However, its (patho)physiological roles and its architecture are more complex than initially anticipated. Novel RAAS components that may add to our understanding have been discovered in recent years. In particular, the human homologue of ACE (ACE2) has added a higher level of complexity to the RAAS. In a short period of time, ACE2 has been cloned, purified, knocked-out, knocked-in; inhibitors have been developed; its 3D structure determined; and new functions have been identified. ACE2 is now implicated in cardiovascular and renal (patho)physiology, diabetes, pregnancy, lung disease and, remarkably, ACE2 serves as a receptor for SARS and NL63 coronaviruses. This review covers available information on the genetic, structural and functional properties of ACE2. Its role in a variety of (patho)physiological conditions and therapeutic options of modulation are discussed.
Teratogenic effects of diabetic conditions in chick heart in ovo and in micromass culture may be prevented by addition of vitamin C and folic acid.; Maternal diseases like diabetes mellitus may cause developmental defects. Supplementation with folic acid and vitamin C during the periconceptional period has been shown to prevent some neural tube and congenital heart defects. Hearts were dissected from 5 days-old White Leghorn chick embryos, the cells isolated and cultured in micromass under diabetic conditions, with and without folic acid and vitamin C. Contractile activity, cell viability (resazurin reduction) and protein assays were performed. Results indicated diabetic conditions reduced contractile activity and cell viability, whilst vitamin C (100 μM) and folic acid (1 mM) administered concurrently significantly improved them to values comparable with the control. Day 3 chick embryos in ovo were injected with glucose+hydroxybutyrate or a combination of these and vitamins. Diabetic conditions caused gross and histological malformations, but these effects were abrogated by vitamin supplement. Teratogenic effects on heart development could possibly be prevented by vitamin supplementation during pregnancy.
Early life programming of health and disease: The long-term consequences of obesity in pregnancy.; The prevalence of overweight and obesity is rising in all parts of the world and, among young women, it presents a very clear danger during pregnancy. Women who are overweight or who gain excessive weight during pregnancy are at greater risk of complications in pregnancy and labour, and are more likely to lose their child to stillbirth or die themselves during pregnancy. This narrative review considers the evidence that, in addition to increasing risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, obesity has the capacity to programme foetuses to be at greater risk of cardiometabolic disorders later in life. An extensive body of evidence from prospective and retrospective cohorts, as well as record linkage studies, demonstrates associations of maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes with cardiovascular disease, as well as type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Studies in animals suggest that these associations are underpinned by adaptations that occur in foetal life, which remodel the structures of major organs, including the brain, kidney and pancreas.
Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.; Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) indicates future risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Insulin resistance (IR) may precede T2DM in many years and is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular diseases. AIM: This study aims to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with pGDM. METHODS: This cross-sectional analysis included 45 non diabetic women, 20 pGDM and 25 controls, at least one year after delivery. Body mass index (BMI), abdominal circumference (AC), blood pressure, serum lipids, liver enzymes, uric acid, nonesterified fatty acids, C-reactive protein and plasma glucose, insulin, fibrinogen and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 were measured. HOMA IR and β were calculated. Pre and post induced ischemia videocapillaroscopy was performed in hand nailfold to evaluate microvascular morphologic aspect and functional response. RESULTS: AC and fasting glucose were significantly higher in pGDM (p = 0.01 and p = 0.002 respectively). Women with pGDM and BMI < 25 kg/m(2) had significantly higher levels of fasting insulin and HOMA IR than controls (p = 0.008 and 0.05 respectively). Abnormal morphologic findings were more frequent and papillae rectification were 3.3 times more prevalent in pGDM (p = 0.003). Other microvascular parameters did not differ between groups. CONCLUSION: Cardiovascular risk factors and a microcirculation abnormality (papillae rectification) were significantly increased in young non-diabetic women with pGDM.
[Diabetes].; In 2009 a novel screening strategy for diabetes based on the level of glycated hemoglobin has been proposed by the main international organizations, with a diagnostic threshold of 6.5%. The preventive efficacy of multiple risk factor control in type 2 diabetes reflected by the low rate of cardiac events in the DIAD 2 study calls for a revision of the current recommendations for coronary disease screening. In gestational diabetes, the linear correlation between degree of hyperglycemia and risk of associated complications in the HAPO study strenghtens the therapeutic targets for this frequent condition, which identifies women at high future risk of diabetes. No conclusive evidence for an increased risk of cancer associated with insulin glargin remains when taking into account all the data currently available on this topic.
Emergency repair of aortic dissection in a 37-week parturient: a case report.; Aortic dissection is a life-threatening condition with a 50% mortality rate in the first 48 hours and a 3-month mortality rate of 90% in untreated patients. Aortic dissection is a rare complication of pregnancy, but there is significant morbidity and mortality for the mother and infant. A 43-year-old woman with a 37-week intrauterine pregnancy was admitted to the emergency department 6 hours after the onset of tightness in her throat and neck pain. She described the pain as similar to pain she experienced with a myocardial infarction 2 years previously. Other pertinent history included hypertension, gestational diabetes, coronary artery disease, and a family history of aortic dissection. The patient was initially misdiagnosed. Transthoracic echocardio-" gram and computed tomography scan revealed a type A thoracic aortic dissection extending into the abdominal aorta. An emergency aortic repair and cesarean section were successfully performed. Recognition of aortic dissection and an evidence-based, collaborative approach to optimize treatment and recovery are vital to the patient's survival. The purpose of this article is to highlight successful management of aortic dissection in a parturient and to broaden the body of literature on the topic.
Collaborative Training as a Conduit to Build Knowledge in Black Birth Workers.; BACKGROUND: Black women have worse birthing outcomes in part due to perceived racism. Therefore, mistrust between Black birthing people and their obstetric providers is profound. Black birthing people may use doulas to support and advocate throughout their pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to create a structured didactic training between community doulas and institutional obstetric providers to address common pregnancy complications that disproportionately affect Black women. STUDY DESIGN: The collaborative training session was a 2-h-long session jointly developed by a community doula, Maternal/Fetal Medicine physician, and a nurse midwife. The doulas (n = 12) took a pre- and post-test assessment before and after collaborative training. The scores were averaged, and we calculated student t tests between the pre- and post-assessment. A p-value of < 0 .05 was significant. RESULTS: All twelve participants who completed this training session identified as Black cisgender women. The mean score correct of the pretest results was 55.25%. The initial percent correct for post-birth warning signs, hypertension in pregnancy, and gestational diabetes mellitus/ breastfeeding sections were 37.5%, 72.9%, and 75%, respectively. Following training, the percent correct per section increased to 92.7%, 81.3%, and 100% respectively. The mean score of correct answers on the post-test increased to 91.92% (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: An educational framework that leverages community and institutional partnerships between doulas and institutional obstetric providers can bridge the gap to improve knowledge of community partners and increase trust of Black birth workers.
Associations of Maternal Cardiovascular Health in Pregnancy With Offspring Cardiovascular Health in Early Adolescence.; IMPORTANCE: Pregnancy may be a key window to optimize cardiovascular health (CVH) for the mother and influence lifelong CVH for her child. OBJECTIVE: To examine associations between maternal gestational CVH and offspring CVH. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study used data from the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) Study (examinations: July 2000-April 2006) and HAPO Follow-Up Study (examinations: February 2013-December 2016). The analyses included 2302 mother-child dyads, comprising 48% of HAPO Follow-Up Study participants, in an ancillary CVH study. Participants were from 9 field centers across the United States, Barbados, United Kingdom, China, Thailand, and Canada. EXPOSURES: Maternal gestational CVH at a target of 28 weeks' gestation, based on 5 metrics: body mass index, blood pressure, total cholesterol level, glucose level, and smoking. Each metric was categorized as ideal, intermediate, or poor using pregnancy guidelines. Total CVH was categorized as follows: all ideal metrics, 1 or more intermediate (but 0 poor) metrics, 1 poor metric, or 2 or more poor metrics. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Offspring CVH at ages 10 to 14 years, based on 4 metrics: body mass index, blood pressure, total cholesterol level, and glucose level. Total CVH was categorized as for mothers. RESULTS: Among 2302 dyads, the mean (SD) ages were 29.6 (2.7) years for pregnant mothers and 11.3 (1.1) years for children. During pregnancy, the mean (SD) maternal CVH score was 8.6 (1.4) out of 10. Among pregnant mothers, the prevalence of all ideal metrics was 32.8% (95% CI, 30.6%-35.1%), 31.7% (95% CI, 29.4%-34.0%) for 1 or more intermediate metrics, 29.5% (95% CI, 27.2%-31.7%) for 1 poor metric, and 6.0% (95% CI, 3.8%-8.3%) for 2 or more poor metrics. Among children of mothers with all ideal metrics, the prevalence of all ideal metrics was 42.2% (95% CI, 38.4%-46.2%), 36.7% (95% CI, 32.9%-40.7%) for 1 or more intermediate metrics, 18.4% (95% CI, 14.6%-22.4%) for 1 poor metric, and 2.6% (95% CI, 0%-6.6%) for 2 or more poor metrics. Among children of mothers with 2 or more poor metrics, the prevalence of all ideal metrics was 30.7% (95% CI, 22.0%-40.4%), 28.3% (95% CI, 19.7%-38.1%) for 1 or more intermediate metrics, 30.7% (95% CI, 22.0%-40.4%) for 1 poor metric, and 10.2% (95% CI, 1.6%-20.0%) for 2 or more poor metrics. The adjusted relative risks associated with 1 or more intermediate, 1 poor, and 2 or more poor (vs all ideal) metrics, respectively, in mothers during pregnancy were 1.17 (95% CI, 0.96-1.42), 1.66 (95% CI, 1.39-1.99), and 2.02 (95% CI, 1.55-2.64) for offspring to have 1 poor (vs all ideal) metrics, and the relative risks were 2.15 (95% CI, 1.23-3.75), 3.32 (95% CI,1.96-5.62), and 7.82 (95% CI, 4.12-14.85) for offspring to have 2 or more poor (vs all ideal) metrics. Additional adjustment for categorical birth factors (eg, preeclampsia) did not fully explain these significant associations (eg, relative risk for association between 2 or more poor metrics among mothers during pregnancy and 2 or more poor metrics among offspring after adjustment for an extended set of birth factors, 6.23 [95% CI, 3.03-12.82]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this multinational cohort, better maternal CVH at 28 weeks' gestation was significantly associated with better offspring CVH at ages 10 to 14 years.
How Informal Carers Support Video Consulting in Physiotherapy, Heart Failure, and Cancer: Qualitative Study Using Linguistic Ethnography.; BACKGROUND: Informal carers play an important role in the everyday care of patients and the delivery of health care services. They aid patients in transportation to and from appointments, and they provide assistance during the appointments (eg, answering questions on the patient's behalf). Video consultations are often seen as a way of providing patients with easier access to care. However, few studies have considered how this affects the role of informal carers and how they are needed to make video consultations safe and feasible. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to identify how informal carers, usually friends or family who provide unpaid assistance, support patients and clinicians during video consultations. METHODS: We conducted an in-depth analysis of the communication in a sample of video consultations drawn from 7 clinical settings across 4 National Health Service Trusts in the United Kingdom. The data set consisted of 52 video consultation recordings (of patients with diabetes, gestational diabetes, cancer, heart failure, orthopedic problems, long-term pain, and neuromuscular rehabilitation) and interviews with all participants involved in these consultations. Using Linguistic Ethnography, which embeds detailed analysis of verbal and nonverbal communication in the context of the interaction, we examined the interactional, technological, and clinical work carers did to facilitate video consultations and help patients and clinicians overcome challenges of the remote and video-mediated context. RESULTS: Most patients (40/52, 77%) participated in the video consultation without support from an informal carer. Only 23% (12/52) of the consultations involved an informal carer. In addition to facilitating the clinical interaction (eg, answering questions on behalf of the patient), we identified 3 types of work that informal carers did: facilitating the use of technology; addressing problems when the patient could not hear or understand the clinician; and assisting with physical examinations, acting as the eyes, ears, and hands of the clinician. Carers often stayed in the background, monitoring the consultation to identify situations where they might be needed. In doing so, copresent carers reassured patients and helped them conduct the activities that make up a consultation. However, carers did not necessarily help patients solve all the challenges of a video consultation (eg, aiming the camera while laying hands on the patient during an examination). We compared cases where an informal carer was copresent with cases where the patient was alone, which showed that carers provided an important safety net, particularly for patients who were frail and experienced mobility difficulties. CONCLUSIONS: Informal carers play a critical role in making video consultations safe and feasible, particularly for patients with limited technological experience or complex needs. Guidance and research on video consulting need to consider the availability and work done by informal carers and how they can be supported in providing patients access to digital health care services.
Prevalence and risk factors for cirrhotic cardiomyopathy: a prospective cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: This study aimed to assess cardiac structure and function in patients with cirrhosis, to investigate the prevalence of cirrhotic cardiomyopathy (CCM) in patients with cirrhosis of different etiologies and to analyze the risk factors for the development of CCM. METHODS: This study selected cirrhotic patients aged 18-75 years who were hospitalized in Qilu Hospital of Shandong University. Patients with known heart disease, chronic lung disease, severe renal insufficiency, malignancy, thyroid disease, hypertension, diabetes or pregnancy were excluded. A total of 131 patients with cirrhosis were finally included. Based on the results of echocardiography, patients who met the diagnostic definition of CCM were included in the CCM group, otherwise, they were classified as the non-CCM group. The demographic and clinical data of the two groups were compared, and the clinical characteristics and risk factors of CCM were evaluated. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of CCM was 24.4%, and the occurrence of CCM was not related to the etiology of liver cirrhosis. The prevalence of CCM was significantly higher among cirrhotic patients complicated with ascites (31.4% vs. 16.4%; P  = 0.046) or with portal vein thrombosis (PVT) (42.9% vs. 17.1%; P = 0.003). Older age [odds ratio (OR) = 1.058; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.005-1.113; P  = 0.032] and PVT (OR = 2.999; 95% CI, 1.194-7.533; P  = 0.019) were independent risk factors for the development of CCM. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of CCM in cirrhotic patients was 24.4%, and the occurrence of CCM was not related to the etiology of cirrhosis. The prevalence of CCM was higher in cirrhotic patients with ascites or PVT. Older age and PVT are independent risk factors for CCM, but validation in larger sample studies is still needed.
Ovulatory disorders are an independent risk factor for pregnancy complications in women receiving assisted reproduction treatments.; BACKGROUND: Conception using assisted reproduction treatments (ART) has been associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications. It is uncertain if this is caused by ART directly, or is an association of the underlying factors causing infertility. AIMS: We assessed the relationship between assisted conception (AC) and maternal or fetal complications in a large retrospective cohort study. In a nested cohort of women receiving infertility treatment, we determined if such risk rests predominantly with certain causes of infertility. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective database analysis of 50 381 women delivering a singleton pregnancy in four public hospital obstetric units in western Sydney, and a nested cohort of 508 women receiving ART at a single fertility centre, in whom the cause of infertility was known. RESULTS: A total of 1727 pregnancies followed AC; 48 654 were spontaneous conceptions. Adjusted for age, body mass index and smoking, AC was associated with increased risk of preterm delivery (OR 1.73, 95% CI 1.50-2.02), hypertension (OR 1.55, 95% CI 1.34-1.82) and diabetes (OR 1.51, 95% CI 1.30-1.75). In the nested cohort, ovulatory dysfunction was present in 145 women and 336 had infertility despite normal ovulatory function. Ovulatory dysfunction was associated with increased risk of diabetes (OR 2.94, 95% CI 1.72-5.02) and hypertension (OR 2.40, 95% CI 1.15-5.00) compared to women with normal ovulatory function. CONCLUSIONS: Assisted conception is associated with increased risk of pregnancy complications. This risk appears greatest for women whose underlying infertility involves ovulatory dysfunction. Such disorders probably predispose towards diabetes and hypertension, which is then exacerbated by pregnancy.
Pregnancy-Associated Hypertension and Offspring Cardiometabolic Health.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether pregnancy-associated hypertension (gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) was associated with the cardiometabolic health of young offspring. METHODS: This was a prospective observational follow-up study from 2012 to 2013 of children born to women previously enrolled in a mild gestational diabetes mellitus treatment trial or nongestational diabetes mellitus observational study. At 5-10 years after birth, children were examined and fasting blood samples obtained to determine the following cardiometabolic risk factors: blood pressure (BP), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, waist circumference, and body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: This analysis included 979 children evaluated at a median 7 years of age. Twenty-three (2%) were born preterm from a hypertensive pregnancy, 73 (7%) were born at term from a hypertensive pregnancy, 58 (6%) were born preterm from a normotensive pregnancy, and 825 (84%) were born at term from a normotensive pregnancy (reference group). After adjusting for confounding factors, mean adjusted systolic BP was significantly higher in the children who were born at term to mothers who experienced pregnancy-associated hypertension compared with those born at term to normotensive mothers (systolic BP of 104 mm Hg, 95% CI 101-106 vs systolic BP of 99 mm Hg, 95% CI 99-100, P=.001). No other significant differences were observed. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy-associated hypertension in women who deliver at term was associated with higher systolic BP in the offspring, but not with their measures of diastolic BP, BMI, waist circumference, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, glucose, or lipids. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT00069576.
Fetal origins of perinatal morbidity and/or adult disease.; The developmental origin of health and disease hypothesis holds that events occurring during the early development of an individual and specifically during intrauterine life have profound consequences on future health. Low birth weight, a marker of intrauterine stress, has been linked to predisposition to hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and stroke. The compelling animal evidence and significant human epidemiologic data to support this conclusion is reviewed. In addition, we propose that early embryo manipulation and culture that occur during use of assisted reproductive technologies may represent a stressful event that could be associated with future health problems. The effects of embryo culture on early development and gene expression and methylation status is reviewed and discussed.
Roles of osteoprotegerin in endocrine and metabolic disorders through receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B signaling.; Endocrine and metabolic diseases show increasing incidence and high treatment costs worldwide. Due to the complexity of their etiology and mechanism, therapeutic strategies are still lacking. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, appears to be a potential candidate for the treatment of these diseases. Studies based on clinical analysis and rodent animal models reveal the roles of OPG in various endocrine and metabolic processes or disorders, such as bone remodeling, vascular calcification, and β-cell proliferation, through the receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) and the receptor activator of NF-κB (RANK). Thus, in this review, we mainly focus on relevant diseases, including osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to summarize the effects of the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in endocrine and metabolic tissues and diseases, thereby providing a comprehensive insight into OPG as a potential drug for endocrine and metabolic diseases.
Placental hormones and the control of maternal metabolism and fetal growth.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine the roles of the placental and pituitary hormones in the control of maternal metabolism and fetal growth. RECENT FINDINGS: In addition to promoting growth of maternal tissues, placental growth hormone (GH-V) induces maternal insulin resistance and thereby facilitates the mobilization of maternal nutrients for fetal growth. Human placental lactogen (hPL) and prolactin increase maternal food intake by induction of central leptin resistance and promote maternal beta-cell expansion and insulin production to defend against the development of gestational diabetes mellitus. The effects of the lactogens are mediated by diverse signaling pathways and are potentiated by glucose. Pathologic conditions of pregnancy are associated with dysregulation of GH-V and hPL gene expression. SUMMARY: The somatogenic and lactogenic hormones of the placenta and maternal pituitary gland integrate the metabolic adaptations of pregnancy with the demands of fetal and neonatal development. Dysregulation of placental growth hormone and/or placental lactogen in pathologic conditions of pregnancy may adversely impact fetal growth and postnatal metabolic function.
Influence of maternal adiposity, preterm birth and birth weight centiles on early childhood obesity in an Indigenous Australian pregnancy-through-to-early-childhood cohort study.; Childhood obesity rates are higher among Indigenous compared with non-Indigenous Australian children. It has been hypothesized that early-life influences beginning with the intrauterine environment predict the development of obesity in the offspring. The aim of this paper was to assess, in 227 mother-child dyads from the Gomeroi gaaynggal cohort, associations between prematurity, Gestation Related-Optimal Weight (GROW) centiles, maternal adiposity (percentage body fat, visceral fat area), maternal non-fasting plasma glucose levels (measured at mean gestational age of 23.1 weeks) and offspring BMI and adiposity (abdominal circumference, subscapular skinfold thickness) in early childhood (mean age 23.4 months). Maternal non-fasting plasma glucose concentrations were positively associated with infant birth weight (P=0.005) and GROW customized birth weight centiles (P=0.008). There was a significant association between maternal percentage body fat (P=0.02) and visceral fat area (P=0.00) with infant body weight in early childhood. Body mass index (BMI) in early childhood was significantly higher in offspring born preterm compared with those born at term (P=0.03). GROW customized birth weight centiles was significantly associated with body weight (P=0.01), BMI (P=0.007) and abdominal circumference (P=0.039) at early childhood. Our findings suggest that being born preterm, large for gestational age or exposed to an obesogenic intrauterine environment and higher maternal non-fasting plasma glucose concentrations are associated with increased obesity risk in early childhood. Future strategies should aim to reduce the prevalence of overweight/obesity in women of child-bearing age and emphasize the importance of optimal glycemia during pregnancy, particularly in Indigenous women.
Pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risks and postpartum care; an opportunity for interventions aiming at health preservation and disease prevention.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of premature death and disability for female individuals around the world and the rates are increasing in those aged 35-44 years. Certain pregnancy complications (Pregnancy-associated Cardiovascular Risks (P-CVR))are linked to an increased risk of future CVD making pregnancy and the postpartum period as an ideal time to screen individuals for underlying, often unrecognized, cardiovascular risk factors. Pregnancy complications associated with an increased risk of future CVD including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a growth restricted baby and a placental abruption that leads to delivery. A number of guidelines and research groups recommend postpartum CVR screening, counseling and lifestyle intervention for all those who have had one or more of P-CVRs starting within the first six months postpartum. An individualized plan for postpartum screening should be created with the individual and lifestyle interventions discussed.
Pro-oxidant/pro-inflammatory alterations in the offspring´s heart of mild diabetic rats are regulated by maternal treatments with a mitochondrial antioxidant.; Maternal diabetes programs metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. Here, we demonstrated increased pro-oxidant/pro-inflammatory markers in the heart of 2-day-old offspring of diabetic rats, previous to the induction of metabolic alterations. At a pre-pubertal stage, sex-dependent changes were evidenced in the diabetic group, as only males showed increased glycemia as well as increased concentrations of nitrated proteins, matrix metalloproteinase-9 and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor α (PPARα) in the heart. Differently, the heart of male and female offspring of diabetic rats showed increased levels of connective tissue growth factor (CTGF). Maternal treatments with idebenone, a mitochondrial antioxidant, led to reductions in all the pro-oxidant and pro-inflammatory markers evaluated and in PPARα protein expression in the heart of the offspring of diabetic rats. The results of the present study highlight the gender dependence and the role of oxidative stress in the diabetes-induced intrauterine programming of heart alterations.
Molecular mechanisms involved in fetal programming and disease origin in adulthood.; Fetal programming occurs during the gestational age when exposure to environmental stimuli can cause long-term changes in the fetus, predisposing it to develop chronic non-communicable diseases (CNCD) in adulthood. Herein, we summarized the role of low-calorie or high-fat diets during pregnancy as fetal programming agents that induce intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), amplified de novo lipogenesis, and increased amino acid transport to the placenta, which favor the CNCD onset in the offspring. We also outlined how maternal obesity and gestational diabetes act as fetal programming stimuli by reducing iron absorption and oxygen transport to the fetus, stimulating inflammatory pathways that boost neurological disorders and CNCD in the progeny. Moreover, we reviewed the mechanisms through which fetal hypoxia elevates the offspring's risk of developing hypertension and chronic kidney disease in adult life by unbalancing the renin-angiotensin system and promoting kidney cell apoptosis. Finally, we examined how inadequate vitamin B12 and folic acid consumption during pregnancy programs the fetus to greater adiposity, insulin resistance, and glucose intolerance in adulthood. A better understanding of the fetal programming mechanisms may help us reduce the onset of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and other CNCD in the offspring during adulthood.
Targeting postprandial hyperglycemia.; In healthy individuals, blood glucose levels in the fasting state are maintained by the continuous basal-level insulin secretion. After a meal, the rise in postprandial glucose (PPG) is controlled by the rapid pancreatic release of insulin, stimulated by both glucose and the intestinal production of the incretins glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide and glucagon-like peptide 1. In diabetic individuals, postprandial insulin secretion is insufficient to suppress an excessive rise in PPG. There is increasing evidence that elevated PPG exerts a more deleterious effect on the vascular system than elevation of fasting plasma glucose. In particular, individuals with normal fasting plasma glucose but impaired glucose tolerance have significantly increased risk of cardiovascular events. With the recognition of the importance of PPG and the availability of new pharmacologic options, management of diabetes will shift to greater attention to PPG levels. The prototype for such an approach is in the treatment of gestational diabetes and diabetic pregnancies where PPG is the primary target of efforts at glycemic control. These efforts have been extremely successful in improving the outlook for diabetic pregnant women. There are many approaches to reduction of PPG; dietary management and promotion of exercise are very effective. Sulfonylureas, meglitinides, metformin, thiazolidinediones, and disaccharidase inhibitors all counteract PPG elevation. The development of glucagon-like peptide 1 agonists such as exendin and dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors such as vildagliptin offers a new approach to suppression of PPG elevation. New semisynthetic insulin analogues permit a more aggressive response to postprandial glucose elevation, with lower risk of hypoglycemia, than with regular insulin. Inhaled insulin also has a rapid onset of action and offers benefits in PPG control. It is proposed that an aggressive treatment approach focusing on PPG, similar to the current standards for diabetic pregancies, be directed at individuals with diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance.
The hypercoagulable states.; Patients are considered to have hypercoagulable states if they have laboratory abnormalities or clinical conditions that are associated with an increased risk of thrombosis (prethrombotic states) or if they have recurrent thrombosis without recognizable predisposing factors (thrombosis-prone). The number of specific primary hypercoagulable states that are recognized is growing. These disorders are generally inherited abnormalities of coagulation in which a physiologic anticoagulant mechanism is defective: for example, antithrombin III deficiency, protein C and protein S deficiency, abnormalities of the fibrinolytic system, and dysfibrinogenemias. Secondary hypercoagulable states are generally acquired disorders in patients with underlying systemic diseases or clinical conditions known to be associated with an increased risk of thrombosis: for example, malignancy, pregnancy, use of oral contraceptives, myeloproliferative disorders, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, and abnormalities of blood vessels and rheology. The complex pathophysiologic features of these secondary hypercoagulable states are discussed, and a framework is provided for the laboratory investigation and systematic clinical approach to the patient.
Metformin Exposure and Risk of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Metformin has been found to have a role in promoting vascular remodeling and angiogenesis which may reduce the risk of developing preeclampsia. Prior studies have shown a decrease in the incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in patients with type 2 and gestational diabetes taking metformin. We hypothesize metformin exposure decreases the risk of developing hypertension in patients with type 2 diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study from 2009 to 2019 of singleton pregnancies was complicated by type 2 diabetes. We compared patients who received metformin throughout pregnancy to those with no metformin exposure. The primary outcome was a hypertension composite defined as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia with or without severe features, HELLP syndrome, or eclampsia. Individual hypertensive outcomes and neonatal outcomes were secondarily evaluated. Logistic regression was used to adjust for confounding variables. RESULTS: A total of 254 pregnancies were included. Women exposed to metformin were significantly less likely to develop hypertension composite compared with nonexposed women (22.7 vs. 33.1%, aOR 0.53, 95% CI 0.29-0.96). The incidence of preeclampsia with severe features was also significantly lower in those who received metformin compared with those who did not (12.1 vs. 20.7%, aOR 0.38, 95% CI 0.18-0.81). There were no differences in preterm birth prior to 34 or 37 weeks, fetal growth restriction, or birth weight between the study groups. A subgroup analysis of women without chronic hypertension also had a significantly lower risk of developing preeclampsia with severe features (7.6 vs. 17.8%, aOR 0.35, 95% CI 0.13-0.94). CONCLUSION: Metformin exposure was associated with a decreased risk of composite hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in patients with pregestational type 2 diabetes. These data suggest that there may be benefit to metformin administration beyond glycemic control in this patient population. KEY POINTS: · Metformin use showed a decreased risk of a hypertension composite.. · Results were consistent in patients without chronic hypertension.. · Metformin may show benefit beyond glycemic control in women with type 2 diabetes..
Placental BDNF/TrkB signaling system is modulated by fetal growth disturbances in rat and human.; The brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) has been shown to exert an important role during implantation, placental development, and fetal growth control in mice. Its expression is closely related to the nutritional status in several tissues such as in the nervous system. In a previous study, we demonstrated that maternal undernutrition (MU), during the perinatal life, modified both the BDNF and its functional receptor, the tyrosine kinase receptor B (TrkB) gene expression in the brain of growth-restricted rat offspring during sensitive developmental windows, suggesting that these early modifications may have long-lasting consequences. In the present study, we measured BDNF/TrkB mRNA and protein levels in rat placentas from mothers submitted to a 50% food restriction during gestation, and in human placentas from pregnancies with fetal growth restriction or fetal macrosomia. In the rat, two subtypes of placental TrkB receptors have been identified: the TrkB-FL and TrkB-T1 receptors. We found that MU induced intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) of fetuses at term and decreased the placental BDNF mRNA and protein levels. Placentae from undernourished mothers exhibited an increased mRNA expression of TrkB-FL whereas both TrkB-FL and TrkB-T1 receptors proteins levels were not modified. In human IUGR placentas, both BDNF and TrkB receptor mRNA expressions were up-regulated. Finally, although neither BDNF nor TrkB mRNA levels were altered by fetal macrosomia alone, BDNF mRNA levels were decreased when macrosomia was associated with maternal type 1 diabetes. These results show that the placental BDNF/TrkB system is modulated in rats and humans during pregnancies with fetal growth perturbations and is affected by the maternal energetic status. These data suggest that this system may exert an important role for the feto-placental unit development and that it may also be implicated in the etiology of pathologies related to placental and fetal growth disturbances.
Fetal hyperinsulinemia and protein turnover in fetal rat tissues.; The effects of fetal hyperinsulinemia on protein turnover in various tissues of fetal rats were determined after transuteral injection of insulin to rat fetuses at day 19 of gestation. Tissue protein content was measured on the subsequent days of gestation (days 20-22), and protein synthesis was determined at day 20 of gestation in fetal tissues after intravenous injection of [3H]phenylalanine into the maternal circulation, followed by measurements of tissue free and protein-bound phenylalanine specific radioactivity in fetal diaphragm, brain, heart, and liver. Rates of protein degradation in these fetal tissues were calculated by subtracting protein accretion rates from rates of protein synthesis. The injection of insulin to rat fetuses at day 19 of gestation resulted in relative macrosomia versus saline-injected controls from the same litter (body wt at day 20 of gestation, 3.26 +/- 0.15 g for saline-injected fetuses and 3.60 +/- 0.25 g for insulin-injected fetuses, P less than 0.001) and increased protein and RNA content of brain, heart, and liver. Although fractional rates of protein synthesis were not significantly elevated in tissues from the hyperinsulinemic fetuses, absolute rates of protein synthesis were increased in brain, heart, and liver of hyperinsulinemic fetuses. Hyperinsulinemia did not reduce calculated rates of protein breakdown in fetal brain, heart, or liver but did in fetal diaphragm. We conclude that the major effect of fetal hyperinsulinemia on protein turnover in rats is to increase protein synthesis in selected tissues without simultaneously affecting protein breakdown.
Potassium Channels in the Uterine Vasculature: Role in Healthy and Complicated Pregnancies.; A progressive increase in maternal uterine and placental blood flow must occur during pregnancy to sustain the development of the fetus. Changes in maternal vasculature enable an increased uterine blood flow, placental nutrient and oxygen exchange, and subsequent fetal development. K(+) channels are important modulators of vascular function, promoting vasodilation, inducing cell proliferation, and regulating cell signaling. Different types of K(+) channels, such as Ca(2+)-activated, ATP-sensitive, and voltage-gated, have been implicated in the adaptation of maternal vasculature during pregnancy. Conversely, K(+) channel dysfunction has been associated with vascular-related complications of pregnancy, including intrauterine growth restriction and pre-eclampsia. In this article, we provide an updated and comprehensive literature review that highlights the relevance of K(+) channels as regulators of uterine vascular reactivity and their potential as therapeutic targets.
Coagulation studies in children and young adults with cerebral ischemic episodes.; One hundred and one patients below 45 years and showing objective signs of cerebral ischemia were studied retrospectively for pathogenic factors. Twelve were below 15 years; the male to female ratio was 1:1. Factors known as predisposing (heart disease, hypertension, hyperlipemia, diabetes mellitus or infectious diseases) and other possible factors (e.g. trauma, abuse) were found in 41 patients. Among women using contraceptive pills there might be an increased risk of development of cerebral thrombosis, but the material was not large enough to warrant statistical analysis. In 64 patients one or more abnormal coagulation values were found, the most frequent being a deficient vessel wall fibrinolysis, which was noted in 38%. We therefore consider it worthwhile to investigate the fibrinolytic defence mechanism of the vessel wall in patients with cerebral thrombosis, since it is possible to treat this condition with specific fibrinolytic stimulating agents.
Prepregnancy body mass index, gestational weight gain, and risk of hypertensive pregnancy among Latina women.; OBJECTIVE: Prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain have been associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, but previous studies have included few Latinas, a group at increased risk. STUDY DESIGN: We examined these associations in the Latina Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Study, a prospective cohort of 1231 women conducted from 2000 to 2004. RESULTS: In multivariable analysis, obese women (BMI > 29.0 kg/m(2)) had 2.5 times the risk of hypertensive pregnancy (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-4.8) and 2.7 times the risk of preeclampsia (95% CI, 1.2-5.8), compared with women whose BMI was 19.8 to 26.0 kg/m(2). Women with excessive gestational weight gain had a 3-fold increased risk of a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (95% CI, 1.1-7.2) and a 4-fold risk of preeclampsia (95% CI, 1.2-14.5), compared with women achieving weight gain guidelines. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest prepregnancy obesity and excessive weight gain are associated with hypertension in pregnancy in a Latina population and could be potentially modifiable risk factors.
[Obesity as an obstetric risk factor].; Obesity-related metabolic and functional disorders may disturb adaptation process taking place in pregnant women body. Insufficient adaptation may lead to development of several medical complications during pregnancy, labor, delivery, and puerperium. Maternal obesity is associated with increased frequencies of hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal macrosomia, congenital malformations, labor abnormalities (including prolonged second stage of labor, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, FHR abnormalities and shoulder dystocia), postdatism, and cesarean delivery. Operative complications among obese women undergoing cesarean delivery include increased blood loss, prolonged operative time, and increased rates of postoperative infection, thrombophlebitis. Treatment of these complications increases hospital stays and costs. Obese women should be carefully examined by dietetician before conception and cared for dietetically and medically during gestation.
Whole exome sequencing and array-based molecular karyotyping as aids to prenatal diagnosis in fetuses with suspected Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Simpson-Golabi-Behmel (SGBS) syndrome type 1 and type 2 represent rare X-linked prenatal overgrowth disorders. The aim of our study is to describe the prenatal sonographic features as well as the genetic work-up. METHOD: Retrospective analysis of four cases with a pre- or postnatal diagnosis of SGBS in a single tertiary referral center within a period of 4 years. RESULTS: In the study period, four male fetuses with SGBS were detected. The final diagnosis was made prenatally in three cases. In all cases the second trimester anomaly scan revealed left sided congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH) with additional anomalies; three fetuses with SGBS type 1 showed fetal overgrowth. In two of these, whole exome sequencing showed a possible frameshift mutation and a point mutation in the gene GPC3, respectively. In the third case, multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (MLPA) revealed a hemizygous duplication of exon 3-7 in the gene GPC3. In the fourth case, SGBS type 2 was confirmed by array comparative genomic hybridization (CGH) of amniotic fluid cells showing a deletion of the gene OFD1. CONCLUSION: We could demonstrate, that in the presence of a CDH, syndromes of the fetus can be increasingly differentiated by detailed sonography followed by a selective and graded molecular diagnostic using microarray techniques and whole exome sequencing. © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Maternal and fetal factors related to abnormal amniotic fluid.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to identify maternal and infant characteristics related to alteration of amniotic fluid volume at birth. STUDY DESIGN: A series of 27,145 consecutive malformed newborn infants from the Spanish Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECEMC) was analyzed. From this total, 3.01% were found to have oligohydramnios and 3.69% were found to have polyhydramnios. RESULTS: As expected, renal/urinary tract and lung defects were associated with oligohydramnios, whereas esophageal and intestinal atresias, neural tube defects, and other central nervous system malformations were associated with polyhydramnios. In addition, other defects such as cardiovascular anomalies, hydrocephaly, and microcephaly were also related to abnormalities of amniotic fluid volume. After excluding the defects whose association to oligo- or polyhydramnios is well recognized, we compared the frequency of different variables among them and with infants with a normal volume of amniotic fluid. In comparison with infants with normal amniotic fluid volume, the groups with oligo- and polyhydramnios had lower birth weight, shorter gestational age and umbilical cord, higher parental ages, and a greater frequency of spontaneous abortions. The differences were more marked for weight in newborn infants with oligohydramnios, and for gestational age, umbilical cord length, number of previous pregnancies, and spontaneous abortions in polyhydramnios cases. Placental weight was lower in oligohydramnios cases than in infants with normal amniotic fluid, and higher in polyhydramnios cases. Parental consanguinity and twinning were more frequent in polyhydramnios. Maternal morbidity was higher in both groups with abnormal amniotic fluid volume, especially for acute diseases such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and gestational diabetes. Chromosomal aberrations were more frequent in the oligo- and polyhydramnios groups than in cases with a normal volume of amniotic fluid, which supports the suggestion of performing prenatal cytogenetic analysis in any pregnancy complicated by an abnormal volume of amniotic fluid. CONCLUSION: The fact that all of these results are similar in the control group of healthy infants suggests that at least some of the variables associated with abnormal amniotic volume could be considered as causal factors altering the production of fluid.
A CACNA1D mutation in a patient with persistent hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia, heart defects, and severe hypotonia.; Congenital hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia (HH) can occur in isolation or it may present as part of a wider syndrome. For approximately 40%-50% of individuals with this condition, sequence analysis of the known HH genes identifies a causative mutation. Identifying the underlying genetic aetiology in the remaining cases is important as a genetic diagnosis will inform on recurrence risk, may guide medical management and will provide valuable insights into β-cell physiology. We sequenced the exome of a child with persistent diazoxide-responsive HH, mild aortic insufficiency, severe hypotonia, and developmental delay as well as the unaffected parents. This analysis identified a de novo mutation, p.G403D, in the proband's CACNA1D gene. CACNA1D encodes the main L-type voltage-gated calcium channel in the pancreatic β-cell, a key component of the insulin secretion pathway. The p.G403D mutation had been reported previously as an activating mutation in an individual with primary hyper-aldosteronism, neuromuscular abnormalities, and transient hypoglycaemia. Sequence analysis of the CACNA1D gene in 60 further cases with HH did not identify a pathogenic mutation. Identification of an activating CACNA1D mutation in a second patient with congenital HH confirms the aetiological role of CACNA1D mutations in this disorder. A genetic diagnosis is important as treatment with a calcium channel blocker may be an option for the medical management of this patient.
Early life determinants of arterial stiffness in neonates, infants, children and adolescents: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Certain exposures and risk factors during the first 1,000 days of life are known to influence future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) is a measure of arterial stiffness and a recognised surrogate marker of CVD. We performed a systematic review and meta-analyses to investigate whether early life exposures were associated with increased PWV compared with controls in youth. METHODS: Databases AMED, MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL and Scopus were searched from inception until February 2022. ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: observational controlled studies in youth aged <20 years with risk factors/exposure during the first 1,000 days and PWV measurement. This review is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019137559). Outcome data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. Meta-regression was used to investigate potential confounders. RESULTS: We identified 24 eligible studies. Age of participants ranged from 1-day to 19-years at time of PWV assessment. Exposures included pre-term birth, small for gestational age (SGA), maternal diabetes and assisted reproductive technologies, none of which were significantly associated with PWV in meta-analysis. Sub-group analysis by age demonstrated increased PWV in childhood and adolescence in those exposed to maternal diabetes or born SGA. In meta-regression of pre-term studies, higher prevalence of SGA was associated with increased PWV compared with controls (p = 0.034, R(2) = 1). CONCLUSIONS: We found limited evidence that youth exposed to maternal diabetes or born SGA have increased PWV, consistent with increased future CVD risk. These changes in PWV appear to manifest in later childhood and adolescence. Further research is required to better understand the observed relationships.
Continuous glucose monitors: current status and future developments.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Advances in diabetes technologies allow patients to manage their diabetes with greater precision and flexibility. Many recent studies show that continuous glucose monitors (CGMs) can be used to tighten glycemic control safely and to ease certain burdens of diabetes self-management. RECENT FINDINGS: The following summary reflects the most recent findings in CGM and provides an overall review of who would most benefit from CGM use. Benefits of CGM may vary based on age, type of diabetes, pregnancy, health, sleep, or heart rate. Accuracy and reliability are critical in current uses of CGM and especially for new and future systems that automate insulin partially (e.g., low glucose suspend) or entirely (e.g., 'fully closed-loop' artificial pancreas). Clinicians are simultaneously testing available products in new patient groups such as the critically ill and type 2 diabetes patients not using mealtime insulin. SUMMARY: In a widening set of circumstances, use of CGM has been shown to promote safer and more effective glycemic control than self-monitoring of blood glucose. Imperfections remain in certain scenarios such as hypoglycemia and in certain populations such as young children. Ongoing research on sensors and calibration software should translate to better systems.
[Epidural anesthesia for cesarean section in a patient with von Hippel-Lindau disease].; Von Hippel-Lindau disease is a dominant autosomal genetic condition with variable penetrance and expressivity. It is characterized by hemangioblastomas in multiple organs but mainly in the retina and cerebellum. There is a predisposition to carcinoma. We report a cesarean section in a 28-year-old woman with von Hippel-Lindau disease. She had no neurologic symptoms at the time of the operation but a history of ocular and cerebellar involvement and several procedures to remove cerebellar hemangioblastomas. Epidural anesthesia was chosen given that there was no nervous system involvement at the time of surgery.
Functional echocardiography in the fetus with non-cardiac disease.; We describe the hemodynamic changes observed in fetuses with extra cardiac conditions such as intrauterine growth restriction, tumors, twin-twin transfusion syndrome, congenital infections, and in fetuses of mothers with diabetes. In most fetuses with mild extra cardiac disease, the alterations in fetal cardiac function remain subclinical. Cardiac function assessment has however helped us to achieve a better understanding of the pathophysiology of these diseases. In fetuses at the more severe end of the disease spectrum, functional echocardiography may help in guiding clinical decision-making regarding the need for either delivery or fetal therapy. The growth-restricted fetus represents a special indication for routine cardiac function assessment, as in utero hemodynamic changes may help optimize the timing of delivery. Moreover, in intrauterine growth restriction, the altered hemodynamics causes cardiovascular remodeling, which can result in an increased risk of postnatal cardiovascular disease.
Should obese women gain less weight in pregnancy than recommended?; BACKGROUND: Previous research on inadequate gestational weight gain among obese women and adverse outcomes has been mixed. The objective of this study was to examine associations between inadequate gain among obese women and antepartum, intrapartum, and infant outcomes. METHODS: Obese women from the U.S. Collaborative Perinatal Project were divided into obesity classes I (30.0-34.9 kg/m(2)) and II/III (> 35.0 kg/m(2)) and three weight gain categories (inadequate: < 5 kg, adequate: 5-9 kg, excessive: > 9 kg) as defined by the U.S. Institute of Medicine. Associations between 1-kg increments of inadequate gain (< 5 kg) and outcomes were examined. Women with inadequate gain were also compared with women gaining normal (5-9 kg) and excessive (> 9 kg) weight. RESULTS: Each fewer 1-kg of weight gain increased small-for-gestational age (SGA) risk and reduced large-for-gestational age (LGA) risk by similar magnitude. Compared with excessive gain, inadequate gain reduced the odds of preeclampsia (OR: 0.56, CI: 0.37, 0.84), gestational hypertension (OR: 0.66, CI: 0.47, 0.92), and LGA (OR: 0.48, CI: 0.38, 060) and increased the odds of SGA (OR: 2.26, CI: 1.52, 3.35). Inadequate gain offered fewer advantages over adequate weight gain: lower odds of LGA (OR: 0.75, CI: 0.57, 0.99); increased odds of SGA (OR: 1.86, CI: 1.18, 2.91). Most associations applied to obesity class I but not class II/III women. CONCLUSIONS: Inadequate weight gain poses benefits and risks to mothers and infants, but is preferable to excessive gain. The risks and benefits apply differently to class I versus class II/III obese women, indicating the need for weight gain recommendations by obesity class.
Occurrence of nephroblastomatosis with dup(18)(q11.2-q23) implicates trisomy 18 tumor screening protocol in select patients with 18q duplication.; Duplications of the long arm of chromosome 18 have been previously reported in patients with phenotypic findings similar to full trisomy 18. Trisomy 18 increases the risk for Wilms tumor and it is currently recommended that these patients undergo abdominal ultrasonography screening every 6 months. We report on nephroblastomatosis in a 27-month-old male with a 55 Mb duplication of chromosome 18q11.2-q23 (chr18:22693370-77982126, hg 19) and propose that the trisomy 18 tumor screening protocol could also benefit patients with large 18q duplications.
Predictors of postnatal complications and congenital cardiac diseases in infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes.; AIM: In this study, we aimed to evaluate the postnatal problems of infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes and the clinical properties of infants who were found to have congenital cardiac disease. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We retrospectively examined the records of 337 newborns who were followed up with a diagnosis of infant of diabetic mother between January 2010 and January 2012 in our Neonatology Unit. The demographic data of the diabetic mothers and their babies, the postnatal problems of the babies of diabetic mothers and congenital heart diseases found on transthoracic echocardiography were examined. RESULTS: The patients were classified as group A, B and C in accordance with the recommendations of The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) according to the type of diabetes. The most common postnatal problems included hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia and hypocalcemia. The rate of congenital heart disease was found be 17.3% in group A, 50% in group B and 9% in group C. No correlation was found between congenital heart disease and gender, multiple pregnancy, diabetes type, diet treatment, use of oral antidiabetic drugs and drug usage. A positive significant correlation was found between congenital heart disease and genetic disease, murmur, cyanosis and presence of gestational hypertension. It was shown that use of insulin, genetic disease and presence of gestational diabetes increased the risk of congenital heart disease. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, the overall incidence of congenital heart disease was found to be 24% in infants of diabetic mothers. It should be kept in mind that it is important to investigate the infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes in terms of the risk of congenital heart disease.
The cardio-ankle vascular index as a predictor of adverse pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association between maternal hemodynamic parameters; cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI), representing arterial stiffness; mean arterial pressure (MAP), uterine artery pulsatility index (Ut-PI), and adverse pregnancy outcomes including preeclampsia (PE), fetal growth restriction (FGR), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted on low-risk pregnancies. All were serially measured for the mean CAVI, MAP, and Ut-PI for four times at gestational age (GA) 11-14, 18-22, 28-32, and after 36 weeks. Also, the women were followed up for pregnancy outcomes, focusing on PE, FGR, and GDM. RESULTS: Of 335 recruited cases meeting the inclusion criteria, 16 cases developed PE, 24 cases had FGR, and 83 cases had GDM. Compared to the non-PE group, women developing PE had a significant increase in CAVI at 18-22, 28-32, and after 36 weeks (P-value = 0.021, 0.003, and <0.001, respectively), a significant increase in MAP at all of the four periods (P-value < 0.001, for all periods), and a significant increase in Ut-PI during GA 18-22 weeks (P-value = 0.021). In pregnancies with FGR, there was a significant increase of CAVI at GA 18-22, 28-32 and after 36 weeks (P-value = 0.012, 0.015, and 0.004, respectively), an increase in Ut-PI in all gestational periods (P-value < 0.05) but no changes of MAP throughout pregnancy. In GDM, the three parameters were not significantly different from those in the non-GDM group in all of the four periods. CAVI could predict PE and FGR with AUC of 0.655-0.835 and 0.673-0.760, respectively. CAVI added predictive values when combined with MAP or Ut-PI. CONCLUSION: Increased CAVI, like MAP and Ut-PI, can be used as a predictor of PE and FGR but not GDM. Also, it has an added predictive value when combined with MAP or Ut-PI.
A simple scoring method using cardiometabolic risk measurements in pregnancy to determine 10-year risk of type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine if clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy predicts type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk at 10 years in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: A prospective case-control study in 150 GDM and 72 overweight women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) measured cardiometabolic risk factors (body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure (SBP), fasting glucose, insulin, and triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol) at 28 weeks gestation and 6 months and 10 years after pregnancy. Cluster analysis of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy was used to stratify GDM as 'high' and 'low risk' for diabetes and CVD risk at 10 years. The data in pregnancy were used to determine a simple method for assessing risk of future diabetes. RESULTS: BMI in the 150 GDM at study entry was similar to NGT, but 35% of GDM fell into a 'high-risk cluster' with elevated BMI, SBP, glucose, insulin and triglycerides and lower HDL levels. At 10 years, type 2 diabetes was sixfold higher in 'high-risk' GDM (odds ratio (OR)=6.75, confidence interval (CI)=2.0, 22.7, P=0.002) compared with 'low-risk' GDM and was not reported in NGT. The 'high-risk' cluster predicted type 2 diabetes better than BMI>30 (OR=2.13, CI=0.71, 6.4, P=0.179) or fasting glucose >5.5 mmol l(-1), (OR=4.56, CI=1.50, 13.85, P=0.007). We determined that GDM with any four of the cardiometabolic risk factors (BMI>30 kg m(-2), fasting glucose>5.0 mmol l(-1), insulin>7.8 mU l(-1), triglycerides >2.4 mmol l(-1), HDL<1.6 mmol l(-1) or SBP>105 mm Hg) in pregnancy would be in a 'high-risk' cluster. CONCLUSIONS: A metabolic syndrome-like cluster in pregnant GDM identifies risk for type 2 diabetes providing an opportunity to focus on rigorous lifestyle interventions after delivery to reduce the burden of disease attributed to this condition.
In utero losartan withdrawal and subsequent development of fetal inferior vena cava thrombosis.; BACKGROUND: Angiotensin receptor blockers are antihypertensive medications prescribed by a wide variety of physicians, especially for patients with coexistent diabetes mellitus. Angiotensin receptor blockers, as well as angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, are contraindicated in pregnancy. CASE: We describe the reversal of losartan-induced oligohydramnios at 27 weeks of gestation with subsequent development of fetal thrombosis and possible mechanism of action for this extremely rare in utero complication. CONCLUSION: This theory may help explain the fetal stillbirths in women taking this class of medications during the second and third trimester of pregnancy.
Association of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A gene polymorphism with ischemic stroke in northern Chinese Han population.; OBJECTIVES: The pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), belonging to the metalloproteinase superfamily, plays an important role in destabilization of atherosclerotic plaques. The aim of this study is to evaluate whether PAPP-A gene polymorphism is associated with the risk of ischemic stroke (IS) in northern Chinese Han populations. METHODS: A total of 368 patients with IS and 374 aged-matched healthy controls in a Chinese Han population were included in the case-control study. The single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) IVS6+95 (rs13290387) in the PAPP-A gene was analyzed by the polymerase chain reaction-ligation detection reaction (PCR-LDR) method. RESULTS: Compared with the GG+CG genotype, the frequencies of the CC genotype of IVS6+95 (rs13290387) in the patients with IS were significantly higher than those in the controls (P  =  0·026). After adjusting the confounding risk factors of IS (age, gender, smoking, alcohol drinking, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and hyperlipidemia) by the multivariate logistic analysis, this significant correlation still remained (P =  0·010). DISCUSSION: The CC genotype of IVS6+95 (rs13290387) was associated with increased incidence of IS in northern Chinese Han populations. This is an initial study to indicate that PAPP-A (rs13290387) might contribute to IS susceptibility in northern Chinese Han populations.
Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus can be classified into four principal types (WHO 1999). This includes type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, other specific types of diabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus. The most common types of diabetes seen in Sub-Saharan Africa are type 2 and type 1 diabetes mellitus. This chapter focuses on the published data on the burden of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in Sub-Saharan Africa. Although type 1 diabetes is not caused by the adverse effects of lifestyle, as type 2 can be, the chronic complications of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes on the eyes, cardiovascular system, nerves, and kidneys are similar.
Family history of hypertension, heart disease, and stroke among women who develop hypertension in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To assess familial cardiovascular risk factors in women developing hypertension in pregnancy. METHOD: Of 2211 women delivering live births after enrollment in a pregnancy cohort study, 85 (3.8%) developed preeclampsia (antepartum systolic blood pressure greater than 140 or diastolic blood pressure greater than 90 plus proteinuria) and 142 (6.4%) developed transient hypertension of pregnancy (antepartum blood pressure elevation without proteinuria). At a mean of 10.2 weeks' gestation, women were asked about first-degree family members with heart disease or stroke, hypertension, diabetes, renal disease, or any of these, which defined familial cardiovascular risk. RESULTS: After adjustment for age and body size, having two or more family members, versus no family members, with cardiovascular risk imparted a 1.9-fold (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1, 3.2) elevated risk for developing preeclampsia and a 1.7-fold (95% CI 1.1, 2.6) risk for developing transient hypertension of pregnancy. Having two or more family members with hypertension also imparted a significant, two-fold elevation in risk of preeclampsia and transient hypertension of pregnancy, and having two or more family members with heart disease or stroke imparted a 3.2-fold (95% CI 1.4, 7.7) elevation in the risk for preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: A strong family history of aggregate cardiovascular risk increased the likelihood for developing preeclampsia and transient hypertension of pregnancy. These findings support the theory that a preexisting tendency to cardiovascular risk, and particularly hypertension, increases a women's susceptibility to developing hypertension in pregnancy.
The clinical pharmacology of eplerenone.; Eplerenone is an aldosterone receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure. Eplerenone contains an epoxy group, which offers greater mineralocorticoid receptor specificity. It is an effective antihypertensive that has been shown to reduce morbidity and mortality in individuals with left ventricular dysfunction post myocardial infarction. Studies are continuing to determine whether the benefit of mineralocorticoid receptor blockade in advanced congestive heart failure is also observed when eplerenone treatment is initiated in earlier stages of the disease. The most common side effect is hyperkalemia necessitating close monitoring in individuals with diabetes and proteinuria, heart failure or in those who are taking moderate CYP450 3A4 inhibitors. It is category B in pregnancy.
2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure: A Report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Joint Committee on Clinical Practice Guidelines.; AIM: The "2022 AHA/ACC/HFSA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" replaces the "2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure" and the "2017 ACC/AHA/HFSA Focused Update of the 2013 ACCF/AHA Guideline for the Management of Heart Failure." The 2022 guideline is intended to provide patient-centric recommendations for clinicians to prevent, diagnose, and manage patients with heart failure. METHODS: A comprehensive literature search was conducted from May 2020 to December 2020, encompassing studies, reviews, and other evidence conducted on human subjects that were published in English from MEDLINE (PubMed), EMBASE, the Cochrane Collaboration, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, and other relevant databases. Additional relevant clinical trials and research studies, published through September 2021, were also considered. This guideline was harmonized with other American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology guidelines published through December 2021. STRUCTURE: Heart failure remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. The 2022 heart failure guideline provides recommendations based on contemporary evidence for the treatment of these patients. The recommendations present an evidence-based approach to managing patients with heart failure, with the intent to improve quality of care and align with patients' interests. Many recommendations from the earlier heart failure guidelines have been updated with new evidence, and new recommendations have been created when supported by published data. Value statements are provided for certain treatments with high-quality published economic analyses.
Pregnancy outcome of patients following deep venous thrombosis.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate pregnancy outcome of patients with a history of deep vein thrombosis (DVT). METHODS: A population-based study comparing all pregnancies of patients with and without a history of DVT was conducted. Deliveries occurred during the years 1988-2007 at a tertiary Medical Center. Stratified analyses were performed using multivariable logistic regression models and the Mantel-Haenszel technique. RESULTS: During the study there were 212,086 deliveries, of which 122 (0.06%) occurred in patients with a history of DVT. Using a multivariate analysis, with backward elimination, the following conditions were significantly associated with DVT: advanced maternal age (OR, 1.1; 95% CI, 1.02-1.1; p = 0.004), chronic hypertension (OR, 2.9; 95% CI, 1.4-6.0; p = 0.005) and previous caesarean delivery (OR, 2.8; 95% CI, 1.9-4.1; p < 0.001). Patients with a history of DVT were more likely to have caesarean deliveries (OR, 2.6; 95% CI, 1.8-3.8; p < 0.001) than non-DVT patients. After controlling for possible confounders, such as maternal age, hypertensive disorders, pregestational diabetes and multiple gestations, by using another multivariate analysis with preterm delivery (<37 weeks' gestation) as the outcome variable, DVT was found to be an independent risk factor for preterm birth (OR, 1.8; 95% CI, 1.1-2.9; p = 0.033). This association remained significant after controlling for labor induction, using the Mantel-Haenszel technique (OR, 1.8; 95% CI, 1.1-3.0; p = 0.011). No significant differences were noted between the groups regarding perinatal outcomes such as low Apgar scores, congenital malformations or perinatal mortality. CONCLUSIONS: A history of DVT is an independent risk factor for spontaneous preterm delivery. Nevertheless, in our population it is not associated with adverse perinatal outcome.
Pregnancy Morbidities in Korean Patients with Takayasu Arteritis: A Monocentric Pilot Study.; We investigated pregnancy morbidities in Korean patients with Takayasu arteritis (TA) in a single tertiary hospital as a pilot study. We retrospectively reviewed the medical records of 12 pregnancies in seven patients with TA. All patients were diagnosed with TA based on the 1990 American College of Rheumatology classification criteria. The medical records of patients were well-documented, allowing review of clinical data including pregnancy morbidities. The angiographic and Ishikawa classifications at diagnosis and TA activity at delivery were assessed. Of the 12 pregnancies, two pregnancies ended in spontaneous abortion (16.7%), and one pregnancy (8.3%) had therapeutic abortion at 9 weeks due to maternal morbidity. Among the remaining nine pregnancies, only one child was delivered via normal spontaneous vaginal delivery, and the remaining eight were delivered by Caesarean section. Two out of nine (22.2%) neonates were born with low birth weight, and one of them was born at 30 weeks of gestation. The most common maternal complication was hypertension affecting 7/12 (58.3%) pregnancies. Preeclampsia occurred in one pregnancy, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurred in two pregnancies. At delivery, disease activity of TA was stable in all pregnancies, and glucocorticoids were administered in nine pregnancies. Live birth rate of pregnant Korean patients with TA was 75%. Future studies are needed to reduce pregnancy-related complications.
Incidence and predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease in Ethiopia: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Neonatal mortality poses a significant public health challenge in sub-Saharan Africa, with congenital heart disease emerging as the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates, especially in countries like Ethiopia. Despite efforts to reduce neonatal mortality rates, Ethiopia continues to experience an increased mortality rate, particularly among neonates with congenital heart disease. This study aims to investigate the incidence and predictors of mortality in this vulnerable population within Ethiopia. METHOD: A retrospective cohort study was conducted at an institution, involving 583 randomly selected neonates diagnosed with congenital heart disease. In the current study, the dependent variable was survival status. Data entry utilized EpiData data version 4.6, and analysis was performed using STATA version 16. Probability of death was compared using the log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier failure curve. Significant predictors were identified using bivariable and multivariate Cox regression. Model fitness and proportional hazard assumptions were evaluated using the Cox-Snell graph and Global test, respectively. Associations were assessed by adjusted hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: The study participants were followed for 4844 days. The mortality rate was 9.9%. The incidence density was 11.9 per 1000 person-days of observation. Neonatal sepsis (AHR: 2.24; 95% CI [1.18-4.23]), cyanotic congenital heart disease (AHR: 3.49; 95% CI [1.93-6.28]), home delivery (AHR: 1.9; 95% CI [1.06-3.6]), maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus (AHR: 1.94; 95% CI [1.04-3.61]), and having additional congenital malformations (AHR: 2.49; 95% CI [1.33-4.67]) were significant predictors for neonatal mortality. CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION: The incidence density of mortality was high compared to studies conducted in developed countries. Neonatal sepsis, type of congenital heart disease, place of delivery, maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus, and having an additional congenital malformation were significant predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease. Therefore, healthcare providers should pay special attention to patients with identified predictors. Furthermore, the Federal Ministry of Health, stakeholders, and policymakers should collaborate to address this issue.
Cardiac disease in pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The past 15 years have seen a five-fold increase in the incidence of acquired heart disease as a cause of maternal mortality in the UK, and advances in the surgical correction of congenital heart disease have enabled many more women to survive childhood and present at the antenatal clinic. This review updates the reader on these important conditions. RECENT FINDINGS: The major increased incidence of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy has been attributed to an increasing proportion of older women having babies (risk 30-fold greater for women over 40 years compared with women under 20 years of age). The obesity epidemic is associated with increases in diabetes and hypertension. Percutaneous coronary intervention with stenting is the treatment of choice. Although aortopathies, cardiomyopathy and valvular heart disease present continuing problems, improvements in the management of pulmonary vascular disease (in particular, the use of sildenafil) have reduced mortality from this condition. Prophylaxis against endocarditis has been abandoned except for the highest risk cases. SUMMARY: Cardiac disease in pregnancy is of growing importance both in terms of numbers of women affected and mortality. Improvements in care have occurred particularly in relation to ischaemic heart disease and pulmonary hypotension.
Metformin Ameliorates Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Endothelial Dysfunction via Downregulation of p65 and Upregulation of Nrf2.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) causes oxidative stress in mothers and infants and causes vascular endothelial dysfunction, which is a key factor for maternal and fetal cardiovascular diseases in the later stage of GDM, seriously threatening the life and health of mothers and infants. Nowadays, metformin (MET) has been discovered to improve endothelial function, but studies regarding the mechanism of MET improving endothelial cell function and alleviating endothelial function under hyperglycemia are still extremely limited. We aimed to investigate whether MET exerts its protective role against hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction through p65 and Nrf2. In our studies, applying cell migration assay and tube formation assay, we observed an obvious improvement of endothelial function under MET-treated, as characterized by that MET accelerated GDM-attenuated migration and angiogenesis of HUVECs. And ELISA assay results uncovered that Nrf2 expression level was decreased in GDM placenta, HVUECs and maternal serum comparing with normal group, however activation Nrf2 largely ameliorated tube formation under hyperglycemic condition. Furthermore, MET elevated the Nrf2 expression level and the level of nuclear Nrf2 accumulation in hyperglycemic HUVECs. Besides, preliminary evidence predicted that Nrf2 expression was modulated by transcription factor p65, which was increased in GDM peripheral blood, placenta and HUVECs, and suppression of p65 could recover GDM-induced suppression of angiogenesis. In addition, we also confirmed MET restores the GDM-induced angiogenesis impairment may via downregulation of p65 and upregulation of Nrf2. Taken together, the endothelial protective effect of MET under GDM (HG) conditions could be partly attributed to its role in downregulating p65 and upregulating Nrf2.
Gestational hyperglycemia and the risk of cardiovascular diseases among elderly Chinese women: Findings from the REACTION study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational hyperglycemia increases the risk of diabetes in later life. However, the risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD) related to gestational hyperglycemia remains inconclusive. The purpose of this study was to investigate the impact of gestational hyperglycemia on the subsequent risk of CVD and its modifying factors among elderly Chinese women. METHODS: We conducted a case-control study of elderly women from the baseline survey of Risk Evaluation of cAncers in Chinese diabeTic Individuals: a lONgitudinal (REACTION) study. Women with gestational hyperglycemia (n = 82), and controls matched by age and study site (n = 410) were included. Information on CVD, including reported coronary heart disease, stroke, or myocardial infarction, was collected through an interviewer-assisted questionnaire. RESULTS: Women with gestational hyperglycemia were more likely to develop diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 2.51; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.50-4.18) and CVD (OR, 1.98; 95% CI, 1.05-3.74). Even without progressing to type 2 diabetes, gestational hyperglycemia was associated with an increased risk of CVD (OR, 2.88; 95% CI, 1.18-7.00). However, subgroup analysis indicated that compared with those without gestational hyperglycemia or hypertension, women with both gestational hyperglycemia and hypertension had higher risk of CVD (OR, 3.98; 95% CI, 1.65-9.58), whereas the risk estimate did not significantly change in women with gestational hyperglycemia alone (OR, 2.15; 95% CI, 0.71-6.57). Stratified analysis indicated that among those with overweight/obesity, inactive physical activity, or unhealthy dietary habits, gestational hyperglycemia increased the risk of CVD. CONCLUSIONS: In elderly Chinese women, gestational hyperglycemia was associated with an increased risk of CVD in later life. This association was independent of the progression to diabetes and might be modified by lifestyle factors and hypertension.
Pathophysiological changes associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy.; Sleep is a complex and active physiological process that if disrupted, can result in adverse outcomes both within and outside of pregnancy. Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 10-32% of pregnancies. Substantial physiological changes occur during pregnancy that impact on maternal sleep, which typically deteriorates with advancing gestation. Pregnancy challenges maternal homeostatic regulation of many systems which effect maternal sleep, including the respiratory, cardiovascular, endocrine, and immune systems. SDB can result from varying degrees of airway compromise and potentially cause systemic hypoxia. The hypoxia may be acute, intermittent or chronic in nature with complications dependant on the duration and the gestation at which the insult occurs. It is unlikely that this effect is mediated by a singular mechanistic pathway but results from a complex cascade of events across multiple maternal organ systems. Regardless of the etiology, both SDB and supine sleep position are associated with a variety of obstetric and perinatal complications including, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, fetal growth restriction, poor neonatal condition at birth, stillbirth and neuro-psychiatric problems in offspring. Both maternal sleep position and sleep disordered breathing are potentially modifiable or treatable factors that if addressed have the potential to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. This narrative review summarizes the maternal and placental pathophysiological aberrations associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy.
A rare case of gestational thyrotoxicosis as a cause of acute myocardial infarction.; Angina pectoris in pregnancy is unusual and Prinzmetal's angina is much rarer. It accounts for 2% of all cases of angina. It is caused by vasospasm, but the mechanism of spasm is unknown but has been linked with hyperthyroidism in some studies. Patients with thyrotoxicosis-induced acute myocardial infarction are unusual and almost all reported cases have been associated with Graves' disease. Human chorionic gonadotropin hormone-induced hyperthyroidism occurs in about 1.4% of pregnant women, mostly when hCG levels are above 70-80 000 IU/L. Gestational transient thyrotoxicosis is transient and generally resolves spontaneously in the latter half of pregnancy, and specific antithyroid treatment is not required. Treatment with calcium channel blockers or nitrates reduces spasm in most of these patients. Overall, the prognosis for hyperthyroidism-associated coronary vasospasm is good. We describe a very rare case of an acute myocardial infarction in a 27-year-old female, at 9 weeks of gestation due to right coronary artery spasm secondary to gestational hyperthyroidism with free thyroxine of 7.7 ng/dL and TSH <0.07 IU/L. LEARNING POINTS: AMI and cardiac arrest due to GTT despite optimal medical therapy is extremely rare.Gestational hyperthyroidism should be considered in pregnant patients presenting with ACS-like symptoms especially in the setting of hyperemesis gravidarum.Our case highlights the need for increased awareness of general medical community that GTT can lead to significant cardiac events. Novel methods of controlling GTT as well as medical interventions like ICD need further study.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Future Cardiovascular Risk: An Update.; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is increasing in parallel with the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes and obesity around the world. Current evidence strongly suggests that women who have had gestational diabetes mellitus are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. Given the growing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, it is important to identify appropriate reliable markers of cardiovascular disease and specific treatment strategies capable of containing obesity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome in order to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease in the women affected.
Maternal Glycemic Spectrum and Adverse Pregnancy and Perinatal Outcomes in a Multiracial US Cohort.; Diabetes mellitus (pregestational (PDM) and gestational (GDM)) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). However, studies exploring the association of APOs with maternal glycemia among women without PDM/GDM are limited. We utilized data from 4119 women (307-PDM; 582-GDM; 3230-non-PDM/GDM) in the Boston Birth Cohort (1998-2016). Women in the non-PDM/GDM group were subdivided by tertiles of 1 h, 50 g oral glucose load test at 24-32 weeks: T1: 50-95 mg/dL (n = 1166), T2: 96-116 mg/dL (n = 1151), T3: 117-201 mg/dL (n = 913). Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the association of maternal glycemia with APOs-preterm birth (PTB) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP)-and adverse perinatal outcomes-high birth weight (HBW), cesarean section (CS), and sub-analyses by race-ethnicity. Compared to women in T1, women in T2 and T3 had a higher prevalence of pre-existing hypertension (T1: 2.8% vs. T2: 5.2% vs. T3: 6.3%) and obesity (T1: 13.3% vs. T2: 18.1% vs. T3: 22.9%). Women in T2 and T3 had higher odds of HBW (adjusted odds ratio aOR T2: 1.47 [1.01-2.19] T3: 1.68 [1.13-2.50]) compared to women in T1. Additionally, women in T2, compared to T1, had higher odds of HDP (aOR 1.44 [1.10-1.88]). Among non-Hispanic Black (NHB) women, those in T2 and T3 had higher odds of HDP compared to T1 (aOR T2 1.67 [1.13-2.51]; T3: 1.68 [1.07-2.62]). GDM and PDM were associated with higher odds of HBW, CS, PTB, and HDP, compared to women in T1. In this predominantly NHB and Hispanic cohort, moderate maternal glycemia without PDM/GDM was associated with higher odds of HBW and HDP, even more strongly among NHB women. If confirmed, a review of current guidelines of glucose screening and risk stratification in pregnancy may be warranted.
Hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and risk of type 2 diabetes in later life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Many studies assessed the association between hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in later life, but contradictory findings were reported. A systemic review and meta-analysis was carried out to elucidate type 2 diabetes mellitus risk in women with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. Pubmed, Embase, and Web of Science were searched for cohort or case-control studies on the association between hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus. Random-effect model was used to pool risk estimates. Bayesian meta-analysis was carried out to further estimate the type 2 diabetes mellitus risk associated with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. Seventeen cohort or prospective matched case-control studies were finally included. Those 17 studies involved 2,984,634 women and 46,732 type 2 diabetes mellitus cases. Overall, hypertensive disorders during pregnancy were significantly correlated with type 2 diabetes mellitus risk (relative risk = 1.56, 95 % confidence interval 1.21-2.01, P = 0.001). Preeclampsia was significantly and independently correlated with type 2 diabetes mellitus risk (relative risk = 2.25, 95 % confidence interval 1.73-2.90, P < 0.001). In addition, gestational hypertension was also significantly and independently correlated with subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus risk (relative risk = 2.06, 95 % confidence interval 1.57-2.69, P < 0.001). The pooled estimates were not significantly altered in the subgroup analyses of studies on preeclampsia or gestational hypertension. Bayesian meta-analysis showed the relative risks of type 2 diabetes mellitus risk for individuals with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension were 1.59 (95 % credibility interval: 1.11-2.32), 2.27 (95 % credibility interval: 1.67-2.97), and 2.06 (95 % credibility interval: 1.41-2.84), respectively. Publication bias was not evident in the meta-analysis. Preeclampsia and gestational hypertension are independently associated with substantially elevated risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in later life.
Cardiovascular Care for Pregnant Women With Cardiovascular Disease.; BACKGROUND: Cardio-obstetrics refers to a team-based approach to maternal care that includes multidisciplinary collaboration among maternal fetal medicine, cardiology, and others. OBJECTIVES: This study sought to describe clinical characteristics, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions in a cohort of pregnant women with underlying cardiovascular disease (CVD) followed by a cardio-obstetrics team. METHODS: We identified patients evaluated by our cardio-obstetrics team from January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2019, at a quaternary care hospital in New York City. Information was collected regarding demographics, comorbidities, underlying CVD, medications, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions. Each patient was assigned a Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy (CARPREG) II score based on her clinical characteristics and underlying CVD. RESULTS: During the study period, 306 pregnant women (median age 29 years, 52.9% Hispanic or Latino) with CVD were seen. Most women (74.2%) were insured through Medicaid. The most common forms of CVD included arrhythmia (n = 88, 28.8%), congenital heart disease (n = 72, 23.5%), and cardiomyopathy (n = 72, 23.5%). The median CARPREG II score was 3; 130 patients (42.5%) had a CARPREG II score ≥4. Gestational diabetes occurred in 11.4%, gestational hypertension in 9.5%, and preeclampsia in 12.1% of women. Intensive care unit admission was required for 27 patients (8.8%) during delivery. Median gestational age for delivery was 38 weeks (interquartile range: 37 to 39). Live birth occurred in 98% of pregnancies. One maternal death occurred within a year of delivery in a woman with Eisenmenger syndrome. Following delivery, 30-day readmission rate was 2% and the rate of readmission from 30 to 90 days postpartum was 4.6%. Median follow-up was 2.6 years. CONCLUSIONS: In a population of primarily Medicaid-insured pregnant women managed by a cardio-obstetrics team, maternal outcomes were encouraging and readmission rates following delivery were low. Prospective studies are needed to evaluate the impact of cardio-obstetric models of care on maternal outcomes.
American Association of Clinical Endocrinology Clinical Practice Guideline: Developing a Diabetes Mellitus Comprehensive Care Plan-2022 Update.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this clinical practice guideline is to provide updated and new evidence-based recommendations for the comprehensive care of persons with diabetes mellitus to clinicians, diabetes-care teams, other health care professionals and stakeholders, and individuals with diabetes and their caregivers. METHODS: The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology selected a task force of medical experts and staff who updated and assessed clinical questions and recommendations from the prior 2015 version of this guideline and conducted literature searches for relevant scientific papers published from January 1, 2015, through May 15, 2022. Selected studies from results of literature searches composed the evidence base to update 2015 recommendations as well as to develop new recommendations based on review of clinical evidence, current practice, expertise, and consensus, according to established American Association of Clinical Endocrinology protocol for guideline development. RESULTS: This guideline includes 170 updated and new evidence-based clinical practice recommendations for the comprehensive care of persons with diabetes. Recommendations are divided into four sections: (1) screening, diagnosis, glycemic targets, and glycemic monitoring; (2) comorbidities and complications, including obesity and management with lifestyle, nutrition, and bariatric surgery, hypertension, dyslipidemia, retinopathy, neuropathy, diabetic kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease; (3) management of prediabetes, type 2 diabetes with antihyperglycemic pharmacotherapy and glycemic targets, type 1 diabetes with insulin therapy, hypoglycemia, hospitalized persons, and women with diabetes in pregnancy; (4) education and new topics regarding diabetes and infertility, nutritional supplements, secondary diabetes, social determinants of health, and virtual care, as well as updated recommendations on cancer risk, nonpharmacologic components of pediatric care plans, depression, education and team approach, occupational risk, role of sleep medicine, and vaccinations in persons with diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: This updated clinical practice guideline provides evidence-based recommendations to assist with person-centered, team-based clinical decision-making to improve the care of persons with diabetes mellitus.
Gestational Weight Gain Particularly Affects the Risk of Large for Gestational Age Infants in Non-obese Mothers.; Introduction The birth of a large for gestational age (LGA) infant is a significant risk factor for birth complications and maternal morbidity and an even higher risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in later life. Relevant factors affecting the risk of delivering an LGA infant are maternal pre-gravid obesity, excessive gestational weight gain exceeding the recommendations of the Institute of Medicine (IOM) and diabetes in pregnancy. We aimed to determine what matters most in terms of the risk of fetal overgrowth. Materials and Methods We performed a database analysis of 12 701 singleton term deliveries documented in our university hospital birth registry from 2003 to 2014. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine the adjusted odds ratios. Results Excessive weight gain had the strongest impact on LGA (OR: 1.249 [95% CI: 1.018 - 1.533]) compared to maternal pre-gravid body mass index (BMI) (OR: 1.083 [95% CI: 1.066 - 1.099]) and diabetes (OR: 1.315 [95% CI: 0.997 - 1.734]). Keeping gestational weight gain within the recommendations of the IOM resulted in a risk reduction for LGA of 20% (OR: 0.801 [95% CI: 0.652 - 0.982]). The risk for LGA increases by 6.9% with each kg weight gain. Normal weight women (BMI 18.5 - 24.9 kg/m (2) ) and moderately overweight women (BMI 25 - 29.9 kg/m (2) ) showed the highest increase in LGA rates per kg weight gain during pregnancy (OR: 1.078 [95% CI: 1.052 - 1.104] and OR: 1.058 [95% CI: 1.026 - 1.09], resp.). Only in underweight (< 18.5 kg/m (2) ) and normal weight women the risk of LGA birth is strongly influenced by diabetes (OR 11.818 [95% CI: 1.156-120.782] and 1.564 [95% CI: 1.013-2.415]). Conclusion Excessive weight gain is particularly important for non-obese women. These women are therefore a target cohort for intervention, as each prevented additional kilogram weight gain reduces the risk of LGA by more than 5%.
Parity and risk of later-life maternal cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Prior studies relating parity with maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been performed in relatively small study samples without accounting for pregnancy-related complications associated with CVD. METHODS: We examined the associations between parity and maternal risk of later-life CVD in a population-based cohort study using data from the Swedish population registers. Women born from 1932 to 1955 were followed until the occurrence of CVD, death, emigration, or end of follow-up (December 31, 2005). Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate associations between parity and risk of CVD accounting for birth year, yearly income, education level, country of birth, hypertension (pregestational hypertension or gestational hypertension, with or without proteinuria), diabetes (type 1, type 2, or gestational diabetes), preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. RESULTS: During a median follow-up time of 9.5 years (range 0-23.5), there were 65,204 CVD events in the full sample of women. Among 1,332,062 women, parity was associated with CVD in a J-shaped fashion, with 2 births representing the nadir of risk (global P value < .0001). Upon accounting for pregnancy-related complications in a subset of women with at least 1 childbirth after 1973 (n = 590,725), the association of parity with CVD was similar. Compared with women with 2 childbirths, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) for women with 1 and >/=5 births were 1.09 (1.03-1.15) and 1.47 (1.37-1.57), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, parity was associated with incident maternal CVD in a J-shaped fashion, even after accounting for socioeconomic factors and pregnancy-related complications.
Pre-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications and Long-term Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension and diabetes are contraindications for living kidney donation in young candidates. However, little is known about the long-term outcomes of women who had these pregnancy-related complications and subsequently became donors. In the general population, gestational hypertension (GHtn), preeclampsia/eclampsia, and gestational diabetes (GDM) are associated with long-term risks. METHODS: Donors with the specified predonation complication were matched to contemporary control donors with pregnancies without the complication using nearest neighbor propensity score matching. Propensity scores were estimated using logistic regression with covariates for gravidity, blood pressure, glucose, body mass index, age, and creatinine at donation, donation year, race, relationship with recipient, and family history of disease. Long-term incidence of hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and reduced renal function (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] <30, eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 ) were compared between groups using proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Of 1862 donors with predonation pregnancies, 48 had preeclampsia/eclampsia, 49 had GHtn without preeclampsia, and 43 had GDM. Donors had a long interval between first pregnancy and donation (median, 18.5 y; interquartile range, 10.6-27.5) and a long postdonation follow-up time (median, 18.0; interquartile range, 9.2-27.7 y). GHtn was associated with the development of hypertension (hazard ratio, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-2.83); GDM was associated with diabetes (hazard ratio, 3.04; 95% confidence interval, 1.33-6.99). Pregnancy complications were not associated with eGFR <30 or eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 . CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that women with predonation pregnancy-related complications have long-term risks even with a normal donor evaluation. Donor candidates with a history of pregnancy-related complications should be counseled about these risks.
Pericytes in the Umbilical Cord.; The structural components of the umbilical cord, including two arteries and one vein, the stromal region/Wharton's jelly, and amniotic epithelial membrane, are well described at various time points of gestation. Over the last two decades, evidence has emerged that multipotent cells sharing properties of mesenchymal stromal cell and pericytes/mural cells can be isolated from multiple regions of the umbilical cord, including the perivascular region of the umbilical cord arteries and vein, Wharton's jelly, and subamnion. These cells have increasingly gained interest for their potential use in regenerative and immunomodulatory medicine. Recent studies suggest that obstetrical complications including gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia may alter the yield, properties, and potency of mesenchymal stromal cells isolated from the umbilical cord. The role that pericytes or pericyte-like cells play in the development of the human umbilical cord and associated pathologies, however, remains to be investigated.
Preeclampsia Across Pregnancies and Associated Risk Factors: Findings From a High-Risk US Birth Cohort.; Background Preeclampsia increases women's risks for maternal morbidity and future cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to identify opportunities for prevention by examining the association between cardiometabolic risk factors and preeclampsia across 2 pregnancies among women in a high-risk US birth cohort. Methods and Results Our sample included 618 women in the Boston Birth Cohort with index and subsequent pregnancy data collected using standard protocols. We conducted log-binomial univariate regression models to examine the association between preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy (defined as incident or recurrent preeclampsia) and cardiometabolic risk factors (ie, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, and gestational diabetes mellitus) diagnosed before and during the index pregnancy, and between index and subsequent pregnancies. At the subsequent pregnancy, 7% (36/540) had incident preeclampsia and 42% (33/78) had recurrent preeclampsia. Compared with women without obesity, women with obesity had greater risk of incident preeclampsia (unadjusted risk ratio [RR], 2.2 [95% CI, 1.1-4.5]) and recurrent preeclampsia (unadjusted RR, 3.1 [95% CI, 1.5-6.7]). Preindex pregnancy chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus were associated with incident, but not recurrent, preeclampsia (hypertension unadjusted RR, 7.9 [95% CI, 4.1-15.3]; diabetes mellitus unadjusted RR, 5.2 [95% CI, 2.5-11.1]. Women with new interpregnancy hypertension versus those without had a higher risk of incident and recurrent preeclampsia (incident preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 6.1 [95% CI, 2.9-13]); recurrent preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 2.4 [95% CI, 1.5-3.9]). Conclusions In this diverse sample of high-risk US women, we identified modifiable and treatable risk factors, including obesity and hypertension for the prevention of preeclampsia.
Biochemical view on: Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes.; Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of developing diabetes mellitus, which is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance. In the recently published article by Zajdenverg et al., they aimed to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. However, authors did not evaluate the role of total homocysteine, which has important effects for endothelial dysfunction. Vitamin B12 and folic acid are important vitamins since their deficiency may lead to the probable microvascular abnormalities by increasing the tHcy, which is an independent risk factor for endothelial dysfunction.
Instituting a Curriculum for Cardio-Obstetrics Subspecialty Fellowship Training.; Maternal mortality is rising in the United States, and cardiovascular disease is the leading cause. Adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes heighten the risk of cardiovascular complications during pregnancy and the peripartum period and are associated with long-term cardiovascular risks. The field of cardio-obstetrics is a subspecialty within adult cardiology that focuses on the management of women with or at high risk for heart disease who are considering pregnancy or have become pregnant. There is growing recognition of the need for more specialists with dedicated expertise in cardio-obstetrics to improve the cardiovascular care of this high-risk patient population. Current recommendations for cardiovascular fellowship training programs accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education involve establishing core competency in the knowledge of managing heart disease in pregnancy. However, little granular detail is available of what such training should entail, which can lead to knowledge gaps. Additionally, dedicated advanced subspecialty training in this area is not commonly offered. Multidisciplinary collaborative teams have been shown to improve outcomes in cardiac patients during pregnancy, and cardiovascular fellows-in-training interested in cardio-obstetrics should have the opportunity to participate in and contribute to a pregnancy heart team. In this document, we describe a proposed specialized cardio-obstetrics training pathway that could serve to adequately prepare trainees to competently and comprehensively care for women with cardiovascular disease before, during, and after pregnancy.
Health Care Disparities and the Emergency Management of Postpartum Patients with Cardiovascular Complaints.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine health care disparities in evaluation and admission among underserved racial and ethnic minority groups presenting with cardiovascular complaints during the first postpartum year according to patient and provider demographics. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study was performed on all postpartum patients who sought emergency care between February 2012 and October 2020 in a large urban care center in Southeastern Texas. Patient information was collected according to International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision codes and individual chart analysis. Race, ethnicity, and gender information were self-reported for both patients on hospital enrollment forms and emergency department (ED) providers on their employment records. Statistical analysis was performed with logistic regression and Pearson's chi-square test. RESULTS: Of 47,976 patients who delivered during the study period, 41,237 (85.9%) were black, Hispanic, or Latina and 490 (1.1%) presented to the ED with cardiovascular complaints. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups; however, Hispanic or Latina patients were more likely to have had gestational diabetes mellitus during the index pregnancy (6.2 vs. 18.3%). There was no difference in hospital admission between groups (17.9% black vs. 16.2% Latina or Hispanic patients). There was no difference in the hospital admission rate by provider race or ethnicity overall (p = 0.82). There was no difference in the hospital admission rate when a patient was evaluated by a provider of a different race or ethnicity (relative risk [RR] = 1.08, CI: 0.6-1.97). There was no difference in the rate of admission according to the self-reported gender of the provider (RR = 0.97, CI: 0.66-1.44). CONCLUSION: This study illustrates that disparities did not exist in the management of racial and ethnic minority groups who presented to the ED with cardiovascular complaints during the first postpartum year. Patient-provider discordance in race or gender was not a significant source of bias or discrimination during the evaluation and treatment of these patients. KEY POINTS: · Adverse postpartum outcomes disproportionately affect minorities.. · There was no difference in admissions between minority groups.. · There was no difference in admissions by provider race and ethnicity..
Feasibility and Utility of a Cardiovascular Risk Screening Tool in Women Undergoing Routine Gynecology Evaluation.; BACKGROUND: The goals of this multicenter survey were to examine the prevalence and patient awareness of cardiovascular risk factors, and the association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO—including gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia) and prevalence of cardiovascular risks among women presenting to outpatient obstetrics/gynecology (OB/GYN) clinics. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We surveyed 2,946 female patients attending 16 outpatient OB/GYN clinics across the United States between January 2010 and January 2012. Main outcome measures were self-reported cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms such as angina and dyspnea. RESULTS: Mean age of the patients was 51 ± 13.6 years. Cardiovascular risks and symptoms were highly prevalent (86.0% and 40.1%, respectively). Many patients did not know if they had common risk factors such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, or diabetes (18.4%, 32.0%, and 17.9%, respectively). Women with a history of APO were slightly more likely to be aware of common risk factors, including abnormal blood pressure (17% vs. 18.6%), high cholesterol (31.7% vs. 32%), and obesity/elevated body mass index (43.9% vs. 49.7%). Compared with patients with no history of APO, patients with APO (n = 380, 12.9%) were more likely to have risk factors (89.5% vs. 83.9%, p = 0.002) and symptoms (45.5% vs. 39.3%, p = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Awareness of cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms among all women surveyed in this study was poor, although awareness for some risk factors was relatively higher among patients with APO. This study demonstrates the feasibility of cardiovascular assessment in OB/GYN clinics using a simple questionnaire and its potential role for early recognition and timely intervention.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Directly and Rapidly Induces Cardiac Septal Overgrowth in Fetal Rats.; Cardiac septal overgrowth complicates 10-40% of births from diabetic mothers, but perplexingly hyperglycemia markers during pregnancy are not reliably predictive. We thus tested whether fetal exposure to hyperglycemia is sufficient to induce fetal cardiac septal overgrowth even in the absence of systemic maternal diabetes. To isolate the effects of hyperglycemia, we infused glucose into the blood supply of the left but not right uterine horn in nondiabetic pregnant rats starting on gestational day 19. After 24 h infusion, right-sided fetuses and dams remained euglycemic while left-sided fetuses were moderately hyperglycemic. Echocardiograms in utero demonstrated a thickened cardiac septum among left-sided (glucose-exposed, 0.592 ± 0.016 mm) compared to right-sided (control, 0.482 ± 0.016 mm) fetuses. Myocardial proliferation was increased 1.5 ± 0.2-fold among left-sided compared to right-sided fetuses. Transcriptional markers of glucose-derived anabolism were not different between sides. However, left-sided fetuses exhibited higher serum insulin and greater JNK phosphorylation compared to controls. These results show that hyperglycemic exposure is sufficient to rapidly induce septal overgrowth even in the absence of the myriad other factors of maternal diabetes. This suggests that even transient spikes in glucose may incite cardiac overgrowth, perhaps explaining the poor clinical correlation of septal hypertrophy with chronic hyperglycemia.
[Correlation of Thrombosis and Prothrombotic State with Coagulation Factor V Gene Polymorphism and APCR. HHcy].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the correlation of patients with thrombosis or prothrombotic status with hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy), activated protein C-resistance(APCR) and gene polymorphism of coagulation factor V. METHODS: Three hundred healthy voluteers were selected as controls, 223 cases of thrombosis (80 cases of cerebral infarction of CT, the MI of 82 cases of myocardial infarction, venous thrombosis of VTE 61 cases), 270 cases of patients with prothrombotic state (76 cases of pregnancy disease of PIH, 62 cases of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), 60 cases of diabetes(DM) and 72 cases of cancer) were enrolled in this study. The plasma APCR and hyperhomocysteinemia were detected by APTT coagulation method and cycling enzyme method respectively, and restriction fragment length polymorphism(RFLP) were was used to detect the gene polymorphism of FV G1691-A, G1091-C and A1090-G in the patient and control groups. RESULTS: APCR positive rate was 62.29% and 7.33%, and the positive hyperhomocysteinemia accounted for 68.42% and 10.00% respectively in the group of the patients with venous thrombosis and the normal control group. 3 cases of heterozygous FV gene mutations were found in the APCR-positive patients with venous thrombosis. CONCLUSION: HHcy possitive rate of patients with venous thrombosis is signiticantly higher than that in control, the HHcy is one of the important causes resulting in thrombosis, the patients with venous thrombosis have proved to be with APCR, and the possitive APCR may be related with the coagulation factor V gene polymorphism.
Hyperhomocysteinemia in health and disease: where we are now, and where do we go from here ?; Homocysteine is a sulfur-containing amino acid, which is synthesized from the precursor methionine through a multi-step process, and then reconverted to methionine or catabolyzed into cysteine. The presence of vitamin B9 (folic acid), vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) and vitamin B12 (cobalamin) is essential in homocysteine metabolism, wherein deficiency of one or more of these nutrients is associated with various degree of hyperhomocysteinemia. There is little doubt that hyperhomocysteinemia is associated with several human disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative disorders, pregnancy complications and fractures, so that its measurement might be useful for risk assessment. Nevertheless, several randomized homocysteine-lowering therapy trials have failed to show that supplementation with vitamins B substantially modifies (and – more importantly – improves) the end points and the related outcomes. According to the current state of scientific knowledge, it seems thus reasonable to conclude that lowering homocysteine alone is probably insufficient to mitigate the risk of thromboembolic, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative disorders inasmuch as this bizarre amino acid acts in strict synergy with other probably more powerful risk factors. Several lines of evidence suggest, however, that its measurement may be helpful for identifying subjects at greater risk of disease, who may thus benefit from a more aggressive treatment of other modifiable risk factors, as recently shown by result of the 5-year Fenofibrate Intervention and Event Lowering in Diabetes (FIELD) trial.
The inheritance of cardiovascular disease risk.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is foremost among the non-communicable diseases (NCDs) which account for 71% of deaths globally each year. CVD is also prominent among the pre-existing conditions still accounting for nearly 25% of maternal deaths and is linked to gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Markers of CVD risk have been reported even in young children, related to prenatal factors such as mother's diet or body composition. The underlying mechanisms include epigenetic changes which can alter the trajectory of risk across the life course. Preventive interventions need to commence before conception, to reduce transmission of CVD risk by promoting healthy behaviours in prospective parents, as well as in pregnancy, and postpartum through breastfeeding and healthy complementary feeding. Surprisingly, these opportunities are not emphasised in the 2018 United Nations Political Declaration on NCDs. NCDs such as CVD have communicable risk components transmitted across generations by socio-economic as well as biological factors, although the former can also become embodied in the offspring by epigenetic mechanisms. The inheritance of CVD risk, and social inequalities in such risk, thus raises wider questions about responsibility for the health of future generations at societal as well as individual levels.
The role of obesity in the development of polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is one of the common endocrine diseases that affects women in their reproductive age. PCOS has diverse clinical implications that include reproductive (infertility, hyperandrogenism, hirsutism), metabolic (insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases) and psychological features (increased anxiety, depression and worsened quality of life). The exact patho-physiology of PCOS is complex and remains largely unclear. The prevalence of PCOS is estimated at 4-18%, depending on diverse factors discussed ahead. The phenotype varies widely depending on life stage, genotype, ethnicity and environmental factors including lifestyle and body weight. During the last decades, obesity and excess weight are major chronic diseases all around the word. Obesity increases some features of PCOS such as hyperandrogenism, hirsutism, infertility and pregnancy complications. Both obesity and insulin resistance increase diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular diseases. Moreover, obesity impairs insulin resistance and exacerbates reproductive and metabolic features of PCOS. It is well known that obesity is associated with anovulation, pregnancy loss and late pregnancy complications (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes). Obesity in PCOS is also linked to failure or delayed response to the various treatments including clomiphene citrate, gonadotropins and laparoscopic ovarian diathermy. It has been reported that, after losing as little as 5 % of initial body weight obese women with PCOS improved spontaneous ovulation rates and spontaneous pregnancy. Therefore, the weight loss prior to conception improves live birth rate in obese women with or without PCOS. The treatment of obesity may include lifestyle therapy (diet and exercise), pharmacological treatment and bariatric surgery. In summary, weight loss is considered the first-line therapy in obese women with PCOS. In the present review, the consequence and treatment of obesity in women with PCOS are discussed.
Impact of bariatric surgery on hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: retrospective analysis of insurance claims data.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women who had a delivery after bariatric surgery have lower rates of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy compared with women who had a delivery before bariatric surgery. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Claims data for 2002-6 from seven insurance plans in the United States. PARTICIPANTS: 585 women aged 16-45 who had undergone bariatric surgery, had at least one pregnancy and delivery, and had continuous insurance coverage during pregnancy plus two weeks after delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy defined with ICD-9 codes. The independent variable was the timing of delivery in relation to bariatric surgery, classified as deliveries before and after surgery. We used logistic regression to calculate odds ratios and confidence intervals for each type of hypertensive disorder in pregnancy. RESULTS: Among the 585 women who had undergone bariatric surgery and had a delivery, 269 delivered before surgery and 316 delivered after surgery. Gastric bypass was the surgery in 82% (477) of all women. Women who delivered before surgery were younger at the time of delivery (mean age 31.3 v 32.5) but had higher rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus. Compared with women who delivered before surgery, women who delivered after surgery had substantially lower rates of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia (odds ratio 0.20, 95% confidence interval 0.09 to 0.44), chronic hypertension complicating pregnancy (0.39, 0.20 to 0.74), and gestational hypertension (0.16, 0.07 to 0.37), even after adjustment for age at delivery, multiple pregnancy (that is, twins or more), surgical procedure, pre-existing diabetes, and insurance plan. CONCLUSION: In this retrospective analysis of US women, bariatric surgery was associated with lower rates of hypertensive disorders in subsequent pregnancy.
[Contraception in women with special problems].; Thromboembolic, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events are age-dependent. They are extremely rare in young women. In contrast to the progestogen-only pills, oral contraceptives (OC) increase the risk of venous thrombosis. However, decisive ist the genetic predisposition. In healthy non-smokers of less than 35 years of age, the risk to suffer from a myocardial infarction or a cerebrovascular accident is not increased by OC. Risk factors play a major role in the etiology of cardiovascular diseases. A detailed personal and family history is therefore mandatory before OC are prescribed. Very rarely, blood pressure is increased by OC. Although the incidence of such an increase is very low, blood pressure has to be measured regularly in pill users. Inspite of a current opinion, weight increase is rare in OC users. It depends mainly on the individual predisposition. An increased water retention can be reduced by a combined OC containing a progestagen with an antimineralocorticoid activity. Changes in insulin and blood sugar induced by low-dose OC are minimal so that they have no clinical relevance. OC do not increase the incidence of diabetes. Adrenal and thyroid function are not influenced by OC, there is no increased incidence of prolactinomas. Asthma is no contraindication against OC. If there is a cycle-dependent aggravation of the disease, OC might be beneficial. OC have no side-effects on the eye or the ear. In women suffering from lupus erythematodes having no renal participation, no increased antiphospholipid-antibodies and showing a stable or inactive disease, low-dose OC might be used.
White matter damage and the effect of matrix metalloproteinases in type 2 diabetic mice after stroke.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Diabetes mellitus leads to a higher risk of ischemic stroke and worse outcome compared to the general population. However, there have been few studies on white matter (WM) damage after stroke in diabetes mellitus. We therefore investigated WM damage after stroke in mice with diabetes mellitus. METHODS: BKS.Cg-m(+/+)Lepr(db)/J (db/db) type 2 diabetes mellitus mice and db(+) non-diabetes mellitus mice were subjected to middle cerebral artery occlusion. Functional outcome, immunostaining, zymography, Western blot, and polymerase chain reaction were used. RESULTS: After stroke, mice with diabetes mellitus exhibited significantly increased lesion volume and brain hemorrhagic and neurological deficits compared to mice without diabetes mellitus. Bielshowsky silver, luxol fast blue, amyloid precursor protein, and NG2 expression were significantly decreased, indicating WM damage, and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 activity was significantly increased in the ischemic brain of mice with diabetes mellitus. Subanalysis of similar lesions in mice with and without diabetes mellitus demonstrated mice with diabetes mellitus had significantly increased WM damage than in mice without diabetes mellitus (P<0.05). To investigate the mechanism underlying diabetes mellitus-induced WM damage, oxygen-glucose deprivation-stressed premature oligodendrocyte and primary cortical neuron cultures were used. High glucose increased MMP-2, MMP-9, cleaved caspase-3 levels, and apoptosis, as well as decreased cell survival and dendrite outgrowth in cultured primary cortical neuron. High glucose increased MMP-9, cleaved caspase-3 level, and apoptosis, and decreased cell proliferation and cell survival in cultured oligodendrocytes. Inhibition of MMP by GM6001 treatment significantly decreased high glucose-induced cell death and apoptosis in cultured primary cortical neuron and oligodendrocytes but did not alter dendrite outgrowth in primary cortical neuron. CONCLUSIONS: Mice with diabetes mellitus have increased brain hemorrhage and show more severely injured WM than mice without diabetes mellitus after stroke. MMP-9 upregulated in mice with diabetes mellitus may exacerbate WM damage after stroke in mice with diabetes mellitus.
History of Infertility and Midlife Cardiovascular Health in Female Individuals.; IMPORTANCE: Fertility status is a marker for future health, and infertility has been associated with risk for later cancer and diabetes, but associations with midlife cardiovascular health (CVH) in female individuals remain understudied. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of infertility history with CVH at midlife (approximately age 50 years) among parous individuals. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Project Viva is a prospective cohort study of pregnant participants enrolled between 1999 and 2002 who delivered a singleton live birth in the greater Boston, Massachusetts, area. Infertility history was collected at a midlife visit between 2017 and 2021, approximately 18 years after enrollment. Data analysis was performed from January to June 2023. EXPOSURES: The primary exposure was any lifetime history of infertility identified by self-report, medical record, diagnosis, or claims for infertility treatment. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The American Heart Association's Life's Essential 8 (LE8) is a construct for ranking CVH that includes scores from 0 to 100 (higher scores denote better health status) in 4 behavioral (diet, physical activity, sleep, and smoking status) and 4 biomedical (body mass index, blood pressure, blood lipids, and glycemia) domains to form an overall assessment of CVH. Associations of a history of infertility (yes or no) with mean LE8 total, behavioral, biomedical, and blood biomarker (lipids and glycemia) scores were examined, adjusting for age at outcome (midlife visit), race and ethnicity, education, household income, age at menarche, and perceived body size at age 10 years. RESULTS: Of 468 included participants (mean [SD] age at the midlife visit, 50.6 [5.3] years) with exposure and outcome data, 160 (34.2%) experienced any infertility. Mean (SD) LE8 scores were 76.3 (12.2) overall, 76.5 (13.4) for the behavioral domain, 76.0 (17.5) for the biomedical domain, and 78.9 (19.2) for the blood biomarkers subdomain. In adjusted models, the estimated overall LE8 score at midlife was 2.94 points lower (95% CI, -5.13 to -0.74 points), the biomedical score was 4.07 points lower (95% CI, -7.33 to -0.78 points), and the blood subdomain score was 5.98 points lower (95% CI, -9.71 to -2.26 points) among those with vs without history of infertility. The point estimate also was lower for the behavioral domain score (β = -1.81; 95% CI, -4.28 to 0.66), although the result was not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This cohort study of parous individuals found evidence for an association between a history of infertility and lower overall and biomedical CVH scores. Future study of enhanced cardiovascular preventive strategies among those who experience infertility is warranted.
[Clinical audit as method of quality improvement of healthcare in patients with diabetes, stroke and in cesarean section].; INTRODUCTION: Clinical audit is used as a term for any kind of audit leaded by professionals in health care, and should not be complicated or unpleasant job. AIM: The aim of this work is to demonstrate the variations in practice between doctors working in a health care organization and the institutions (health centers - DZ and hospitals). Variations in practical work show the difference in quality of work between the doctors and the institutions, as well as variations in the use of resources and expenditure costs. METHODS: Three different questionnaires had been developed for three different clinical entities: diabetes, cesarean section, and stroke. The questionnaires had been created in collaboration with experts from each of those medical entities and based on research of literature, and valorized by the questionnaire for creating audits and calculations of ACQ (Audit Criteria Questionnaire) score. RESULTS: Diabetes--The hugest disproportion is in not measuring (none evidencing) regular annual screenings for retina and foot, but albumin and creatinin are being controlled in very high percentage. Stroke: In hospital A in checked medical records side of cerebral lesion was evidenced regularly, what was different in hospital B, while in hospital B 100% of swallowing disorders were evidenced. Cesarean section: In hospital A the average period of preoperative length of stay is four days, while in hospital B it is 0.4 days, while the postoperative length of stay for both hospitals is 6 days. DISCUSSION: Clinical audit is a systematic analysis of quality of health care and as per the Accreditation standards for hospitals, published by the Federal Agency for Health Care Quality and Accreditation-AKAZ; it is mandatory to perform the clinical audit in 3-5 areas twice, in the year precedes the accreditation survey. CONCLUSION: Using small sample, authors proved big variations in practice among doctors and among health institutions as well. It has direct consequence on quality and costs and can be solved using AKAZ accreditation standards. It is very difficult to improve the quality of health care without regularly performed and documented clinical audits.
Autism-associated synaptic vesicle transcripts are differentially expressed in maternal plasma exosomes of physiopathologic pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: During intrauterine development, the formation and function of synaptic vesicles (SVs) are thought to be fundamental conditions essential for normal development of the brain. Lacking advanced technology during the intrauterine period, such as longitudinal real-time monitoring of the SV-associated transcripts (SVATs), which include six pairs of lncRNA-mRNA, has limited acquisition of the dynamic gene expression profile (GEP) of SVATs. We previously reported the differential expression of SVATs in the peripheral blood of autistic children. The current study was designed to determine the dynamic profiles of differentially-expressed SVATs in circulating exosomes (EXs) derived from autistic children and pregnant women at different gestational ages. METHODS: Blood samples were collected from autistic children and women with variant physiopathologic pregnancies. EXs were isolated with an ExoQuick Exosome Precipitation Kit and characterized by transmission electron microscopy (TEM), nanoparticle tracking analysis (NTA), and Western blotting. The expression of lncRNAs and lncRNA-targeted mRNAs were quantified using real-time PCR. RESULTS: SVAT-associated lncRNAs-mRNAs were detected in autistic children and differentially expressed from the first trimester of pregnancy to the term of delivery. Pathologic pregnancies, including spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), were compared to normal physiologic pregnancies, and shown to exhibit specific correlations between SVAT-lncRNA and SVAT-mRNA of STX8, SLC18A2, and SYP with sPTB; SVAT-lncRNA and SVAT-mRNA of STX8 with PE; and SVAT-lncRNA and SVAT-mRNA of SV2C as well as SVAT-mRNA of SYP with GDM. CONCLUSION: Variant complications in pathologic pregnancies may alter the GEP of SVATs, which is likely to affect the intrauterine development of neural circuits and consequently influence fetal brain development.
The Importance of Nontraditional and Sex-Specific Risk Factors in Young Women With Vasomotor Nonobstructive vs Obstructive Coronary Syndromes.; BACKGROUND: Heart disease is the leading cause of premature death for women in Canada. Ischemic heart disease is categorized as myocardial infarction (MI) with no obstructive coronary artery disease (MINOCA), ischemia with no obstructive coronary arteries (INOCA), and atherosclerotic obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) with MI (MI-CAD) or without MI (non-MI-CAD). This study aims to study the prevalence of traditional and nontraditional ischemic heart disease risk factors and their relationships with (M)INOCA, compared to MI-CAD and non-MI-CAD in young women. METHODS: This study investigated women who presented with premature (at age ≤ 55 years) vasomotor entities of (M)INOCA or obstructive CAD confirmed by coronary angiography, who are currently enrolled in either the Leslie Diamond Women's Heart Health Clinic Registry (WHC) or the Study to Avoid Cardiovascular Events in British Columbia (SAVEBC). Univariable and multivariable regression models were applied to investigate associations of risk factors with odds of (M)INOCA, MI-CAD, and non-MI-CAD. RESULTS: A total of 254 women enrolled between 2015 and 2022 were analyzed, as follows: 77 with INOCA and 37 with MINOCA from the registry, and 66 with non-MI-CAD and 74 with MI-CAD from the study. Regression analyses demonstrated that migraines and preeclampsia or gestational hypertension were the most significant risk factors, with a higher likelihood of being associated with premature (M)INOCA, relative to obstructive CAD. Conversely, the presence of diabetes and a current or previous smoking history had the highest likelihood of being associated with premature CAD. CONCLUSIONS: The risk factor profiles of patients with premature (M)INOCA, compared to obstructive CAD, have significant differences.
Opportunities in the Postpartum Period to Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes are common among pregnant individuals and are associated with long-term risk of cardiovascular disease. Individuals with adverse pregnancy outcomes also have an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease risk factors after delivery. Despite this, evidence-based approaches to managing these patients after pregnancy to reduce cardiovascular disease risk are lacking. In this scientific statement, we review the current evidence on interpregnancy and postpartum preventive strategies, blood pressure management, and lifestyle interventions for optimizing cardiovascular disease using the American Heart Association Life's Essential 8 framework. Clinical, health system, and community-level interventions can be used to engage postpartum individuals and to reach populations who experience the highest burden of adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease. Future trials are needed to improve screening of subclinical cardiovascular disease in individuals with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, before the onset of symptomatic disease. Interventions in the fourth trimester, defined as the 12 weeks after delivery, have great potential to improve cardiovascular health across the life course.
Exploring new treatment options for polycystic ovary syndrome: Review of a novel antidiabetic agent SGLT2 inhibitor.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age associated with long-term metabolic and cardiovascular consequences. A plethora of symptoms and their severity differentiate on an individual level, giving the syndrome numerous phenotypes. Due to menstrual cycle abnormalities, women suffer from irregular menstrual bleeding, difficulty in conception, and infertility. Furthermore, the risk of pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth are higher in women with PCOS than in the general population. Often, women with PCOS have comorbidities such as dyslipidemia, obesity, glucose intolerance or diabetes type 2, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and metabolic syndrome, which all influence the treatment plan. Historic insulin-sensitizing agents, although good for some of the metabolic derangements, do not offer long-term cardiovascular benefits; therefore, new treatment options are of paramount importance. Sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors, a new class of antidiabetic agents with beneficial cardiovascular, bodyweight, and antihyperglycemic effects, although not approved for the treatment of PCOS, might be an attractive therapeutic addition in the PCOS armamentarium. Namely, recent studies with SGLT-2 inhibitors showed promising improvements in anthropometric parameters and body composition in patients with PCOS. It is important to further explore the SGLT-2 inhibitors potential as an early therapeutic option because of the PCOS-related risk of metabolic, reproductive, and psychological consequences.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGISTS, AMERICAN COLLEGE OF ENDOCRINOLOGY, AND ANDROGEN EXCESS AND PCOS SOCIETY DISEASE STATE CLINICAL REVIEW: GUIDE TO THE BEST PRACTICES IN THE EVALUATION AND TREATMENT OF POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME - PART 2.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is recognized as the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women around the world. This document, produced by the collaboration of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the Androgen Excess Society aims to highlight the most important clinical issues confronting physicians and their patients with PCOS. It is a summary of current best practices in 2014. Insulin resistance is believed to play an intrinsic role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. The mechanism by which insulin resistance or insulin give rise to oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenemia, however, is unclear. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies have shown that both obese and lean women with PCOS have some degree of insulin resistance. Insulin resistance is implicated in the ovulatory dysfunction of PCOS by disrupting the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. Given the association with insulin resistance, all women with PCOS require evaluation for the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and the possible risk of clinical events, including acute myocardial infarction and stroke. Obese women with PCOS are at increased risk for MetS with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; 31 to 35%) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM; 7.5 to 10%). Rates of progression from normal glucose tolerance to IGT, and in turn to T2DM, may be as high as 5 to 15% within 3 years. Data suggest the need for baseline oral glucose tolerance test every 1 to 2 years based on family history of T2DM as well as body mass index (BMI) and yearly in women with IGT. Compared with BMI- and age-matched controls, young, lean PCOS women have lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) size, higher very-low-density lipoprotein particle number, higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particle number, and borderline lower LDL size. Statins have been shown to lower testosterone levels either alone or in combination with oral contraceptives (OCPs) but have not shown improvement in menses, spontaneous ovulation, hirsutism, or acne. Statins reduce total and LDL cholesterol but have no effect on HDL, C-reactive protein, fasting insulin, or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in PCOS women, in contrast to the general population. There have been no long-term studies of statins on clinical cardiac outcomes in women with PCOS. Coronary calcification is more prevalent and more severe in PCOS than in controls. In women under 60 years of age undergoing coronary angiography, the presence of polycystic ovaries on sonography has been associated with more arterial segments with >50% stenosis, but the relationship between PCOS and actual cardiovascular events remains unclear. Therapies for PCOS are varied in their effects and targets and include both nonpharmacologic as well as pharmacologic approaches. Weight loss is the primary therapy in PCOS--reduction in weight of as little as 5% can restore regular menses and improve response to ovulation- inducing and fertility medications. Metformin in premenopausal PCOS women has been associated with a reduction in features of MetS. Clamp studies using ethinyl estradiol/drosperinone combination failed to reveal evidence of an increase in either peripheral or hepatic insulin resistance. Subjects with PCOS have a 1.5-times higher baseline risk of venous thromboembolic disease and a 3.7-fold greater effect with OCP use compared with non-PCOS subjects. There is currently no genetic test to screen for or diagnose PCOS, and there is no test to assist in the choice of treatment strategies. Persistent bleeding should always be investigated for pregnancy and/or uterine pathology--including transvaginal ultrasound exam and endometrial biopsy--in women with PCOS. PCOS women can have difficulty conceiving. Those who become pregnant are at risk for gestational diabetes (which should be evaluated and managed appropriately) and the microvascular complications of diabetes. Assessment of a woman with PCOS for infertility involves evaluating for preconceptional issues that may affect response to therapy or lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluating the couple for other common infertility issues that may affect the choice of therapy, such as a semen analysis. Women with PCOS have multiple factors that may lead to an elevated risk of pregnancy, including a high prevalence of IGT--a clear risk factor for gestational diabetes--and MetS with hypertension, which increases the risk for pre-eclampsia and placental abruption. Women should be screened and treated for hypertension and diabetes prior to attempting conception. Women should be counseled about weight loss prior to attempting conception, although there are limited clinical trial data demonstrating a benefit to this recommendation. Treatment for women with PCOS and anovulatory infertility should begin with an oral agent such as clomiphene citrate or letrozole, an aromatase inhibitor.
Forty-four-year longitudinal study of stroke incidence and risk factors - the Prospective Population Study of Women in Gothenburg.; OBJECTIVE: To assess stroke incidence over 44 years and association with risk factors. To study total stroke incidence at 60-82 years of age and risk factors. DESIGN: Prospective population study. SETTING: Gothenburg, Sweden, with ∼450,000 inhabitants. SUBJECTS: A representative sample of a general population of women (1462 in total) in 5 age strata aged 38-60 years in 1968-1969 (the Population Study of Women in Gothenburg, PSWG) were followed up to the ages of 82-104 years in 2012. Further, analysis was also performed for the age interval 60-82 years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Incidence of total stroke (TS), ischaemic (IS), haemorrhagic (HS), non-specified (NS) and fatal (FS) strokes and association with baseline classic risk factors (such as hypertension, atrial fibrillation, low physical activity, diabetes, high waist-hip-ratio, hyperlipidaemia, smoking), low education, mental stress, pre-eclampsia and oral health as expressed by loss of teeth and bone score. Blood pressure in levels 1-3 according to modern guidelines. Associations with atrial fibrillation, diabetes and myocardial infarction shown in survival analyses. The five cohorts contributed to risk time data concerning associations with TS in the 60-82 age interval from the examination performed when they were 60. RESULTS: Three hundred and thirty-seven (23%) women had a first-ever stroke, 64 (19%) fatal. TS was associated with physical inactivity, high triglycerides and low education in multivariable analysis. The main sub-type IS was associated with systolic blood pressure, physical inactivity and low education. Pre-eclampsia showed association with IS only in the univariable analysis. FS was associated with systolic blood pressure and smoking. During 60-82 years of age, having <20 teeth (HR 1.74, CI 1.25-2.42), diabetes (HR 2.28 CI 1.09-4.76), WHR (HR 1.29 per 0.1 units CI 1.01-1.63), systolic blood pressure (HR 1.11 per 10 units CI 1.04-1.18) and smoking (HR 1.57, CI 1.14-2.16), were associated with TS in the combined five cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: Several classic risk factors showed independent associations with stroke. Vulnerability factors as low education and oral health, reflected by loss of teeth, also showed association with stroke. All these factors are possible to target in primary care preventive interventions.Key PointsStroke is a common disease and the risk of stroke is a key issue demanding preventive strategies in primary health care. The present prospective population study of women showsOut of 1460 women, almost a quarter got a stroke. The stroke incidence 60-82 years of age was rather stable between the first four age cohorts but somewhat lower in the latest cohort, born 1930.Hypertension, low physical activity, low education and high triglyceride levels but not cholesterol were associated with stroke in women.Low education and loss of teeth are vulnerability factors that should need particular attention.
Mitochondrial DNA depletion in small- and large-for-gestational-age newborns.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) content may be associated with clinical features, anthropometric variables, and laboratory findings in both extremes of abnormal fetal growth: small and large size for gestational age. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: Eighty-eight pregnant women and their infants were included in a cross-sectional study. According to the offspring birthweight, normalized by sex and gestational age, there were 57 newborns with appropriate weight for gestational age (AGA) and 31 with abnormal weight for gestational age: 17 small for gestational age (SGA) and 14 large for gestational age (LGA). mtDNA quantification using nuclear DNA as a reference was measured by a real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction method. RESULTS: The mothers' pregestational BMI was associated with the weight of their offspring: SGA infants had lean mothers (BMI, 21.4 +/- 0.7), and LGA infants had overweight mothers (BMI, 26.7 +/- 1.4) in comparison with AGA infants (BMI, 23.0 +/- 0.7) (p < 0.003). Newborn leptin levels were associated with birthweight after adjustment for sex and gestational age (SGA, 7.0 +/- 1.1 ng/mL; AGA, 15.2 +/- 1.6 ng/mL; and LGA, 25.6 +/- 4.1 ng/mL) (p < 0.002). Conversely, mtDNA/nuclear DNA ratio was significantly lower in both extremes of abnormal fetal growth, SGA (18 +/- 6) and LGA (9 +/- 2), at birth in comparison to AGA-weight infants (28 +/- 4) (p < 0.03). DISCUSSION: Our findings show that mtDNA content is decreased in newborns with abnormal weight in comparison with AGA infants. On the basis of a cumulative body of evidence, we speculate that mtDNA depletion is one of the putative links between abnormal fetal growth and metabolic and cardiovascular complications in later life.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A is a stronger predictor for adverse cardiovascular outcomes after acute coronary syndrome in type-2 diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The risk prediction of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) for future cardiovascular (CV) events post acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in patients with type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) was investigated in comparison to other risk factors. METHODS: PAPP-A was measured at hospital admission in 320 consecutive ACS patients (136 with T2DM and 184 without). All patients were followed for 2 years for occurrence of CV death, non-fatal MI or stroke. Effect of PAPP-A on the CV event risk was estimated using Cox regression models. Receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curves were generated to demonstrate the sensitivity and specificity of PAPP-A in predicting CV events. RESULTS: ACS patients with T2DM had higher PAPP-A (19.29 ± 16.36 vs. 13.29 ± 13.90 ng/ml, p < 0.001) and higher rate of CV events 2 years post ACS (27.2 vs. 13.6%, p = 0.002) than those without. Higher levels of PAPP-A were significantly associated with increased risk of CV events during 2-year follow-up [HR = 2.97 for 1 SD increase in log(10)(PAPP-A), 95% CI 2.11-4.18, p < 0.001] in T2DM and (HR = 3.16, 95% CI 2.27-4.39, p < 0.001) in non-T2DM. Among patients with T2DM, PAPP-A showed a larger area under the curve (AUC 0.79) that was significantly more predictive than hsCRP (AUC 0.64), eGFR (AUC 0.66) and LVEF < 50% (AUC 0.52); predictive ability did not improve significantly by including those factors into the model. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with T2DM had higher levels of PAPP-A and increased risk of CV events. Elevated PAPP-A compared to other risk factors was a stronger predictor for future CV events 2 years post ACS in patients with T2DM. Trial registration ISRCTN10805074. Registered on 20 January 2017, retrospectively registered.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcome of Maternal Obesity at RSCM in 2014-2019.; Obesity is a pandemic found in many countries. It is estimated that, in 2025, more than 21% of women in the world will suffer from obesity and its number keeps increasing yearly. Obesity in pregnancy is one of the important challenges in obstetric services given the prevalence and potential adverse effects on the mother and fetus. Obese women have a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, postpartum hemorrhage, cesarean delivery, and maternal death. The aim of this research is to determine the prevalence of maternal and perinatal complication in various obesity grades. This research was an observational descriptive study using the cross-sectional design. The inclusion criterion is obese pregnant women whose delivery was done in Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo National General Hospital (RSCM) from 2014 to 2019. The exclusion criterion in this study is the incomplete medical record. A total of 111 subjects were included in the study. Obesity grades in this study were based on World Health Organization (WHO) obesity, divided into 3 classifications which are obese I (30-34.9 kg/m(2)), obese II (35-39.9 kg/m(2)), and obese III (≥40 kg/m(2)). Maternal outcomes in this study were birth method, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and premature rupture of membrane (PROM). Perinatal outcomes in this study were preterm birth, birth weight, APGAR score, and postdelivery neonatal care. In this study, obese patients had a mean age of 31.23 years, mean gravida 2, parity 1, and abortion 0. Most of these patients used an intrauterine device (IUD) for family planning (74.8%). There were no differences in age, parity status, and family planning methods in each group of patients with different body mass index (p > 0.05). Maternal characteristics are the majority of deliveries performed cesarean delivery (86.5%), cases of diabetes mellitus are more common in obese I patients (50%), preeclampsia is more prevalent in obese grade II patients (34,4%), and premature rupture of membranes (PROM) is more common in patients with obese II (52,4%). However, there was no difference in the prevalence of maternal outcomes between groups. There was a median gestational age of 37 weeks in all obesity grades, the highest percentage of preterm births owned by obese II patients (32,6%), the mean birth weight of babies tends to increase along with the weighting of the body mass index group, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) treatment rooms were mostly occupied from mother with obese II groups (18%). There was no difference in the first-minute and fifth-minute APGAR scores between study groups (p > 0.05). There were no differences in perinatal outcomes between groups. There were no significant differences in maternal and perinatal outcomes prevalence between different obesity grades. However, the rate of maternal and perinatal complications in obese women is higher than the normal population, thus requiring sophisticated prevention and approach toward handling the pregnancy.
Metformin in Pulmonary Hypertension in Left Heart Disease.; Metformin is ubiquitously used in the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). Over the years, our growing knowledge of its therapeutic potential has broadened its use to the treatment of infertility in polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes, and even obesity. Recently, it has been suggested as a novel therapy in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Given that CVD is the leading cause of death in patients with DMII, with ~ 75% dying from a cardiovascular event, the intersection of DMII and CVD provides a unique therapeutic target. In particular, pulmonary hypertension (PH) related to CVD (Group II PH) may be an optimal target for metformin therapy. The objective of this review article is to provide an overview of the pathophysiology of PH related to left heart disease (PH-LHD), outline the proposed pathophysiologic mechanism of insulin resistance in heart failure and PH-LHD, and evaluate the role metformin may have in heart failure and PH-LHD.
Guidelines for the management of hypertension at primary health care level. Hypertension Society of Southern Africa, endorsed by the Medical Association of South Africa and the Medical Research Council.; OBJECTIVE: To outline rational and cost-effective comprehensive management of hypertension by health care professionals in a primary care setting. OUTCOMES: Control of hypertension with a target blood pressure (BP) of systolic 140 - 159 mmHg, diastolic 90 - 94 mmHg, with minimal or no drug side-effects. Reduce BP in the elderly and those with severe hypertension gradually. Stricter BP control is required for patients with end-organ damage, coexisting risk factors, diabetes mellitus. Extensive data including many randomised controlled trials showed the benefit of controlling hypertension. This evidence is reported in Opie L. H. and Steyn K., Rationale for the hypertension guidelines for primary care in South Africa, S Afr Med J 1995; 85: 1325-1338. VALUES: To treat as many of the untreated hypertensive patients as possible, using rational and cost-effective care. Cost-effectiveness and access to therapy are major issues. BENEFITS, HARMS AND COSTS: Reduction in stroke, cardiac failure, renal failure and coronary artery disease. The major precautions and contraindications to each antihypertensive drug recommended are listed. The financial costs of the drugs are considered. RECOMMENDATIONS: Correct BP measurement procedure. identification of blood pressure levels for appropriate management. Evaluation of other cardiovascular risk factors and their influence on when to treat hypertension. Lifestyle modification and patient education for all patients. Drug therapy: first line--low-dose diuretics; second line--reserpine or beta-blockers or ACE inhibitors or calcium channel blockers; third line--hydralazine or prazosin or another second-line drug. Drug treatment and referral or specific cases (pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, severe hypertension). VALIDATION: Developed by the Hypertension Society of Southern Africa Executive Committee and co-opted persons during 1995, with added input from HSSA members at the National Congress. Endorsed by the Medical Association of South Africa.
Increased risk of incident chronic medical conditions in infertile women: analysis of US claims data.; BACKGROUND: The risk of common chronic medical conditions among infertile women is not known. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to study the association between female infertility and the risk of incident chronic disease. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort analysis using the Optum deidentified Clinformatics Datamart from 2003 through 2016. A total of 64,345 infertile women were identified by infertility diagnosis, testing, or treatment and compared with 3,128,345 noninfertile patients seeking routine gynecologic care. Women with a prior diagnosis of the relevant chronic disease or cancer or with either diagnosis within 6 months of the index event were excluded. The main outcome was a diagnosis of incident chronic disease as identified by International Classification of Diseases, ninth revision/International Classification of Diseases, 10th revision codes. Results were adjusted for age, index year, nulliparity, race, smoking, obesity, number of visits per year, and highest level of education. RESULTS: Infertile patients were more likely to develop diabetes (adjusted hazard risk, 1.44, confidence interval, 1.38-1.49), renal disease (adjusted hazard risk, 1.22, confidence interval, 1.12-1.32), liver disease (adjusted hazard risk, 1.25, confidence interval, 1.20-1.30), cerebrovascular disease (adjusted hazard risk, 1.26, confidence interval, 1.15-1.38), ischemic heart disease (adjusted hazard risk, 1.16, confidence interval, 1.09-1.24), other heart disease (adjusted hazard risk, 1.16, confidence interval, 1.12-1.20), and drug abuse (adjusted hazard risk, 1.24, confidence interval, 1.15-1.33) compared with noninfertile patients. Infertile patients were significantly less likely to develop alcohol abuse (adjusted hazard risk, 0.86, confidence interval, 0.79-0.95) compared with noninfertile patients. Risk associations were similar after excluding women with polycystic ovarian syndrome and premature ovarian insufficiency. In subgroup analyses of women who underwent pregnancy and childbirth during enrollment, several previously noted risk associations were attenuated compared with the overall cohort. CONCLUSION: While the absolute risk of chronic disease is low, infertility is associated with an increased risk of incident chronic disease compared with a group of noninfertile women.
The role of infant nutrition in the global epidemic of non-communicable disease.; Non-communicable diseases (NCD) and atherosclerotic CVD in particular, are the most important health problems of the 21st century. Already in every world region except Africa, NCD account for greater mortality than communicable, maternal, perinatal and nutritional conditions combined. Although modifiable lifestyle factors in adults are the main determinants, substantial evidence now suggests that factors in early life also have a major role in the development of NCD; commonly referred to as the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis. Factors in utero, early postnatal life and throughout childhood, have been shown to affect NCD by influencing risk factors for CVD such as obesity, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. Infant nutrition (e.g. breastfeeding rather than bottle feeding) and a slower pattern of infant weight gain have been shown to be particularly protective against later risk of obesity and CVD in both low- and high-income countries. The mechanisms involved are poorly understood, but include epigenetic changes; effects on endocrine systems regulating body weight, food intake and fat deposition; and changes in appetite regulation. As a consequence, strategies to optimise early life nutrition could make a major contribution to stemming the current global epidemic of NCD. This review will consider the role of early life factors in the development of NCD, focusing on the impact of infant nutrition/growth on obesity and CVD. The review will highlight the experimental (randomised) evidence where available, briefly summarise the underlying mechanisms involved and consider the implications for public health.
[Glucose homeostasis. II. Homeostasis disturbances--hypoglycemia in newborns and infants].; Since glucose is a vital fuel for the brain, hypoglycaemia demands prompt recognition, effective treatment, and accurate identification of the cause. However, pointing the cause, especially in children, can be and often is difficult. Neonatal hypoglycaemia is of a particular importance for paediatricians, since it is, when prolonged or recurrent, a preventable cause of mental retardation and permanent neurological damage. Neonatal hypoglycaemia can be transient or persistent and both of these groups can be further subdivided into two subgroups, where the aetiology of hypoglycaemia is primarily due to decreased hepatic glucose production or to increased peripheral glucose utilization. This article describes first part of causes of neonatal hypoglycaemia.
The impact of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension on future cardiovascular events: A nationwide cross-sectional cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of female death worldwide. The link between future cardiovascular events and a history of hypertensive disease in pregnancy or gestational diabetes (GDM) has been well established. Less well understood is the impact on future cardiovascular risk when gestational hypertension (GH) and GDM have occurred together. We assessed the association of GDM and GH with future cardiovascular events both alone and in combination. STUDY DESIGN: All female patients discharged from French hospitals in 2013 with 5 years of subsequent and complete follow-up were identified. They were grouped depending on their history of GDM, history of GH, history of both or history of neither. After propensity score matching, patients with GDM and/or GH were matched 1:1 with patients with no GDM or GH. Hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular events during follow-up were adjusted by age at baseline. RESULTS: Women with a history of GH had an increased risk of cardiovascular death (HR 5.46, 95 % confidence interval [CI] 1.93-15.49). Women with a history of GDM had no significant difference in the risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction (HR 0.88, 95 %CI 0.38-2.03) and cardiovascular death (HR 1.25, 95 %CI 0.47-3.36) during the 5 year follow up. Those with a history of both GDM and GH had a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction (HR 23.33, 95 %CI 4.84-112.39). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of both GH and GDM are at a 23-fold increased risk of myocardial infarction within the first 5 years of their postnatal lives.
Maternal and Fetal Metabolites in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Narrative Review.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major public health issue of our century due to its increasing prevalence, affecting 5% to 20% of all pregnancies. The pathogenesis of GDM has not been completely elucidated to date. Increasing evidence suggests the association of environmental factors with genetic and epigenetic factors in the development of GDM. So far, several metabolomics studies have investigated metabolic disruptions associated with GDM. The aim of this review is to highlight the usefulness of maternal metabolites as diagnosis markers of GDM as well as the importance of both maternal and fetal metabolites as prognosis biomarkers for GDM and GDM's transition to type 2 diabetes mellitus T2DM.
Effects of obesity on pregnant women: maternal hemodynamic change.; The purpose of this study is to clarify the effects of obesity on hemodynamic change in pregnant women. From 1322 primiparous women and 1027 multiparous women who delivered singleton babies with no life-threatening anomalies, 110 primiparous obese women, 1050 primiparous normal-weight women, 139 multiparous obese women, and 816 multiparous normal-weight women were selected according to body mass index at the first visit prior to the 10th gestational week. Women exhibiting chronic hypertension, over diabetes mellitus, and extreme skinniness were excluded. All of the women had been under the same management at Osaka City University Hospital. Their medical records were analyzed retrospectively. The study determined the arterial blood pressure of obese women to be significantly higher than that of normal-weight women throughout pregnancy in both primipara and multipara. The incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension in obese women was significantly higher in primipara (22.7% versus 8.2%) and multipara (15.8% versus 5.0%). The incidence of intrapartum hypertension was also higher in the obese group. Hematocrit count at 3 gestational months (37.7 +/- 3.1 in primipara, and 37.6 +/- 2.7 in multipara) and 8 gestational months (34.4 +/- 2.7 in primipara, and 33.7 +/- 2.7 in multipara) were significantly higher than those in normal-weight women. Exercise tests using impedance cardiographs showed poor cardiac function in 5 of 17 obese women. These findings led us to conclude that obesity during pregnancy is clearly accompanied by hypertension, hemoconcentration, and poor cardiac function.
SARS-COV-2 infection in pregnant women and newborns in a Spanish cohort (GESNEO-COVID) during the first wave.; BACKGROUND: Knowledge about SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy and newborns is scarce. The objective of this study is to analyse clinical and epidemiological characteristics of a cohort of women infected with SARS-CoV-2 during pregnancy and their newborns exposed to SARS-CoV-2 during gestation. METHODS: Multicentric observational study of Spanish hospitals from the GESNEO-COVD cohort, participants in RECLIP (Spanish Network of Paediatric Clinical Assays). Women with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection by PCR and/or serology during pregnancy, diagnosed and delivering during the period 15/03/2020-31/07/2020 were included. Epidemiological, clinical, and analytical data was collected. RESULTS: A total of 105 pregnant women with a median of 34.1 years old (IQR: 28.8-37.1) and 107 newborns were included. Globally, almost 65% of pregnant women had some COVID-19 symptoms and more than 43% were treated for SARS-COV-2. Overall, 30.8% of pregnant women had pneumonia and 5 (4.8%) women were admitted to the intensive care unit needing invasive mechanical ventilation. There was a rate of 36.2% of caesarean sections, which was associated with pneumonia during pregnancy (OR: 4.203, CI 95%: 1.473-11.995) and lower gestational age at delivery (OR: 0.724, CI 95%: 0.578-0.906). The prevalence of preterm birth was 20.6% and prematurity was associated with pneumonia during gestation (OR: 6.970, CI95%: 2.340-22.750) and having a positive SARS-CoV-2 PCR at delivery (OR: 6.520, CI95%: 1.840-31.790). All nasopharyngeal PCR in newborns were negative at birth and one positivized at 15 days of life. Two newborns died, one due to causes related to prematurity and another of unexpected sudden death during early skin-to-skin contact after delivery. CONCLUSIONS: Although vertical transmission has not been reported in this cohort, the prognosis of newborns could be worsened by SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy as COVID-19 pneumonia increased the risk of caesarean section deliveries and preterm births.
The role of optimum diabetes care in form of Ramadan focused diabetes education, flash glucose monitoring system and pre-Ramadan dose adjustments in the safety of Ramadan fasting in high risk patients with diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Physiology of intermittent and prolonged fasting is known from healthy subjects. Evidence on high and very high-risk groups is lacking. The anticipated risks include hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia, dehydration and thrombosis. Education, pre-Ramadan doses adjustment, and glucose monitoring devices (Optimum diabetes care in Ramadan) is expected to lower this risk. AIMS: We aimed to assess the value of optimum care in diabetes management during Ramadan on the metabolic parameters of high risk patients with diabetes. Moreover, we wanted to assess and understand the safety of fasting in this group. METHODS: This is a prospective interventional study. Patient with high-risk diabetes who insisted on fasting. High risk patients defined as any one with type 1 or type 2 diabetes on insulin, Gestational diabetes, stage 3 kidney disease, and having history of ischemic heart disease. All patients received a Freestyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring device, and was offered to attend the clinic at any time during the study, this collectively defined as optimum diabetes care during Ramadan. Biometric (Weight, height, Blood pressure) and biochemical (Glycosylated hemoglobin A, Lipids profile, creatinine, and estimated glomerular filtration rate) were reported within 4-6 weeks before and after Ramadan. RESULTS: Total of 169 patients were. Majority were females 54.4% (n = 92). There was a remarkable improvement in glycemic control from 7.6 + 1.2 to 7.3 + 1.2 percent (p = 0.00). Serum creatinine showed a negligible change at the end of the study from 0.81 + 0.3 to 0.82 + 0.2 mg/dl). Only total cholesterol worsened significantly (p = 0.02).
Postpartum myocardial infarction treated by balloon coronary angioplasty.; Acute myocardial infarction in pregnancy is a rare event that carries substantial morbidity and mortality. New technologies have been developed in cardiology to open obstructed vessels during the acute evolution of coronary thrombosis. We present a case of acute postpartum myocardial infarction in a woman with class F/R diabetes. She underwent successful balloon angioplasty but developed chest pain suspicious of angina pectoris 6 weeks after the procedure. A thallium scan demonstrated fixed defects in the inferoposterior and posterolateral segments and minimal apical redistribution. This represents the second case of angioplasty performed in pregnancy and the first for an acute myocardial infarction.
Bioinformatics-based Identification of Ferroptosis-Related Genes and their Diagnostic Value in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered a risk factor for heart metabolic disorder in future mothers and offspring. Ferroptosis is a new type of programmed cell death, which may participate in the occurrence and development of GDM. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to identify ferroptosis-related genes in GDM by bioinformatics methods and to explore their clinical diagnostic value. METHODS: The dataset GSE103552 was analyzed using the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database to screen for differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in GDM. Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway enrichment analysis and proteinprotein interaction (PPI) network were performed. Gene sets for ferroptosis were retrieved in MSigDB and GSVA gene set analysis was performed on the database. Finally, logistic regression was performed to differentiate between GDM patients and controls to screen for diagnostic markers. RESULTS: A total of 179 DEGs were identified in the expression profile of GDM. GO and KEGG enrichment analysis revealed significant enrichment in the TGF-β, p53 signaling pathway, platelet activation, glutathione metabolism, sensory perception of taste, and leukocyte and vascular endothelial cell migration regulation. DEGs (n = 107) associated with the ferroptosis gene set were screened by GSVA analysis. The screened DEGs for disease and DEGs for ferroptosis scores were intersected and 35 intersected genes were identified. PPI identified two key genes associated with GDM as CCNB2 and CDK1. Wilcox-test showed low expression of CCNB2 and CDK1 in GDM. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) of the CCNB2 and CDK1 prognostic model was 0.822. CONCLUSION: The genes associated with ferroptosis in GDM were CCNB2 and CDK1, which can be used as valid indicators for the diagnosis of GDM.
Altered cardiovascular rhythmicity in children born small for gestational age.; Low birth weight is frequently associated with a disproportionately high incidence of cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and kidney disease in adulthood. Epidemiological studies have identified an inverse association between low birth weight or being small for gestational age and hypertension in adulthood. We hypothesized that children born with low birth weight might have altered circadian and ultradian cardiovascular rhythmicity independent of the prevailing blood pressure level. Twenty-four-hour ambulatory blood pressure and heart rate rhythmicity was prospectively evaluated by Fourier analysis in a cohort of healthy children born with low birth weight and compared with normative pediatric data. Seventy-five children born small for gestational age (mean age, 8.1±2.2 years) and 139 controls matched for age and sex were investigated. In addition to increased 24-hour, daytime, and especially nighttime blood pressure levels (P<0.05), children born small for gestational age exhibited blunted circadian (24-hour) and ultradian (12-, 8-, and 6-hour) blood pressure rhythmicity (P<0.05). In a multivariate analysis including children born with low birth weight and controls, being born with low birth weight independently influenced ultradian blood pressure rhythmicity, whereas in a multivariate analysis including children born with low birth weight only, circadian and ultradian rhythms were independently influenced by catch-up growth, gestational age, and blood pressure level. This study demonstrates blunted circadian and ultradian cardiovascular rhythmicity in prepubertal children born small for gestational age, independent from the presence of arterial hypertension. Circadian and ultradian rhythms may be sensitive indicators for detecting subtle early abnormalities of cardiovascular regulation.
Diabetes: hypertension during pregnancy and future diabetes mellitus.; Pregnancy is described as the window to a woman's future health. A study by Feig et al. has found an increased risk of diabetes mellitus later in life in women with a history of pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension, which suggests the need for screening and preventative measures in these women.
Pregnancy outcomes for women with a history of stroke: A population-based record linkage study.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about the pregnancy outcomes of women who have had a stroke prior to a first pregnancy. AIM: To identify a cohort of primiparous women giving birth to a single baby and compare the pregnancy outcomes of those with a pre-pregnancy stroke hospitalisation record to those without a stroke hospitalisation record. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Record linkage study of all primiparous women aged 15-44 years with singleton pregnancies birthing in New South Wales, Australia from 2003 to 2015. Stroke was identified from 2001 to 2015 hospital data using International Classification of Diseases tenth Edition - Australian Modification codes I60-64. Women whose first hospital record of stroke was during pregnancy or <42 days after birth were excluded. Outcomes included diabetes or hypertension during pregnancy, mode of delivery, haemorrhage, severe maternal morbidity (validated composite outcome indicator), gestational age at birth, Apgar score (1 min < 7), and small-for-gestational age. RESULTS: Of 487 767 women with a first pregnancy, 124 (2.5/10 000) had a hospital record which included a pre-pregnancy stroke diagnosis. Women with a stroke history were more likely to have an early-term delivery (37-38 weeks; relative risk (RR) 1.49, 95% CI 1.17-1.90) and a pre-labour caesarean (RR 2.83, 95% CI 2.20-3.63). There were no significant differences in other maternal or neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: This is the largest reported study of pregnancy and birth outcomes for women with a history of stroke. With the exception of pre-labour caesarean, there were no differences in pregnancy outcomes for women with a history of stroke compared with women with no history of stroke.
The Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease: Current Knowledge and Future Directions.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. The goal of this review is to share what is currently known about the increased risk and to identify areas for future research. RECENT FINDINGS: Severe studies have identified a strong association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease such as heart failure, valvular disease, ischemic heart disease, stroke, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. The recognition of this increased risk is reflected in recent changes in prevention guidelines. The guidelines now recognize sex-specific risks such as preeclampsia and preterm delivery and recommend incorporating a pregnancy history to identify them earlier. However, no robust risk prediction tools incorporating these pregnancy risk factors have been developed and validated. While smaller clinical trials have been performed in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in the postpartum timeframe, there remains a paucity of large-scale randomized clinical trials that continue to show a risk reduction in these women. SUMMARY: While there is increasing recognition of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, there remains a need for interventional studies aimed at reducing this risk and for incorporation of pregnancy risk factors into traditional cardiovascular risk prediction tools.
Altered cardiolipin metabolism is associated with cardiac mitochondrial dysfunction in pulmonary vascular remodeled perinatal rat pups.; Pulmonary vascular remodeling (PVR) in utero results in the development of heart failure. The alterations that occur in cardiac lipid and mitochondrial bioenergetics during the development of in utero PVR was unknown. In this study, PVR was induced in pups in utero by exposure of pregnant dams to indomethacin and hypoxia and cardiac lipids, echocardiographic function and cardiomyocyte mitochondrial function were subsequently examined. Perinatal rat pups with PVR exhibited elevated left and right cardiac ventricular internal dimensions and reduced ejection fraction and fractional shortening compared to controls. Cardiac myocytes from these pups exhibited increased glycolytic capacity and glycolytic reserve compared to controls. However, respiration with glucose as substrate was unaltered. Fatty acid oxidation and ATP-insensitive respiration were increased in isolated cardiac myocytes from these pups compared to controls indicating a mitochondrial dysfunction. Although abundance of mitochondrial respiratory chain complexes was unaltered, increased trilinoleoyl-lysocardiolipin levels in these pups was observed. A compensatory increase in both cardiolipin and phosphatidylethanolamine content were observed due to increased synthesis of these phospholipids. These data indicate that alterations in cardiac cardiolipin and phospholipid metabolism in PVR rat pups is associated with the mitochondrial bioenergetic and cardiac functional defects observed in their hearts.
Risks after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Taiwanese Women: A Nationwide Retrospective Cohort Study.; OBJECTIVE: An increasing trend in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been reported in Taiwan. GDM has been linked to various adverse maternal outcomes over a long period, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, evidence implies that the effects of GDM on the mid-term surrogate risk factors for these diseases are limited. Furthermore, data from nationwide cohort studies are limited. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), arterial hypertension (aHTN), and hyperlipidemia (HL) through a 5-year follow-up post-delivery of women with GDM in a nationwide cohort study in Taiwan. The second objective was to investigate the risk of developing insulin resistance syndrome (IRS)-related diseases, including CVD, acute myocardial infarction (AMI), peripheral artery occlusive disease (PAOD), non-alcoholic fatty liver diseases (NAFLD), and CKD. METHODS: This was a retrospective, population-based nationwide cohort study. The data source comprises a merge of the Birth Certificate Application Database (BCA) and the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. Women aged between 15 and 45 years who gave birth in Taiwan between 2004 and 2011 were included. Women who were enrolled and had a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the exposure group. Women who were enrolled without a GDM diagnosis were assigned to the comparison group. The relative risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, HL, and IRS-related diseases, including CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD, were analyzed and presented as hazard ratio (HR) through Cox regression and log-rank regression analyses. RESULTS: A total of 1,180,477 women were identified through the BCA database between 2004 and 2011. Of those, 71,611 GDM-diagnosed women and 286,444 women without GDM were included in the final analysis. After adjusting for age, pre-existing cancer, and parity, developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL were still significantly increased in the GDM group (HR and interquartile range (IQR): 2.83 (2.59, 3.08), 1.09 (1.01, 1.06), and 1.29 (1.20, 1.38), accordingly). CVD, NAFLD, and CKD had a very low incidence and showed insignificant results. CONCLUSION: Our findings provide nationwide cohort data showing that GDM increased the risk of developing T2DM, aHTN, and HL 5 years after delivery within the same group. The GDM complications and risk of CVD, AMI, PAOD, NAFLD, and CKD need further investigation.
Clinical physiology of exercise in pregnancy: a literature review.; OBJECTIVES: To review the existing literature on the physiology of exercise in pregnancy as a basis for clinical practice guidelines for prenatal exercise prescription. METHODS: MEDLINE search for English language abstracts and articles published between 1966 and 2003 related to physiological adaptations to pregnancy, effects of pregnancy on responses to acute exercise and aerobic conditioning, effects of acute maternal exercise on indexes of fetal well-being, impact of physical conditioning on birth weight and other pregnancy outcomes, and use of exercise to prevent or treat gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Maximal aerobic power (VO(2)max, L/min) is well-preserved in pregnant women who remain physically active, but anaerobic working capacity may be reduced in late gestation. The increase in resting heart rate, reduction in maximal heart rate, and resulting smaller heart rate reserve render heart rate a less precise way of estimating exercise intensity. As rating of perceived exertion (RPE) is not altered by pregnancy, the use of revised pulse rate target zones along with Borg's RPE scale is recommended to prescribe exercise intensity during pregnancy. Responses to prolonged submaximal exercise (>30 min) in late gestation include a moderate reduction in maternal blood glucose concentration, which may transiently reduce fetal glucose availability. The normal response to sustained submaximal exercise is an increase in fetal heart rate (FHR) baseline. Transient reductions in FHR reactivity, fetal breathing movements, and FHR variability may also occur in association with more strenuous exercise. Controlled prospective studies have demonstrated that moderate prenatal exercise during the second and third trimesters is useful to improve aerobic fitness and maternal-fetal physiological reserve without affecting fetal growth. CONCLUSIONS: The Physical Activity Readiness Medical Examination for Pregnancy is recommended for use by physicians and midwives to provide medical clearance for prenatal exercise. Evidence-based prenatal exercise guidelines are needed to counsel healthy and fit pregnant women on the safety of involvement in more strenuous physical conditioning. Future study is also recommended to determine the usefulness of prenatal exercise in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia.
Mitochondrial respiration is lower in the intrauterine growth-restricted fetal sheep heart.; Fetuses affected by intrauterine growth restriction have an increased risk of developing heart disease and failure in adulthood. Compared with controls, late gestation intrauterine growth-restricted (IUGR) fetal sheep have fewer binucleated cardiomyocytes, reflecting a more immature heart, which may reduce mitochondrial capacity to oxidize substrates. We hypothesized that the late gestation IUGR fetal heart has a lower capacity for mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation. Left (LV) and right (RV) ventricles from IUGR and control (CON) fetal sheep at 90% gestation were harvested. Mitochondrial respiration (states 1-3, Leak(Omy), and maximal respiration) in response to carbohydrates and lipids, citrate synthase (CS) activity, protein expression levels of mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation complexes (CI-CV), and mRNA expression levels of mitochondrial biosynthesis regulators were measured. The carbohydrate and lipid state 3 respiration rates were lower in IUGR than CON, and CS activity was lower in IUGR LV than CON LV. However, relative CII and CV protein levels were higher in IUGR than CON; CV expression level was higher in IUGR than CON. Genes involved in lipid metabolism had lower expression in IUGR than CON. In addition, the LV and RV demonstrated distinct differences in oxygen flux and gene expression levels, which were independent from CON and IUGR status. Low mitochondrial respiration and CS activity in the IUGR heart compared with CON are consistent with delayed cardiomyocyte maturation, and CII and CV protein expression levels may be upregulated to support ATP production. These insights will provide a better understanding of fetal heart development in an adverse in utero environment. KEY POINTS: Growth-restricted fetuses have a higher risk of developing and dying from cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Mitochondria are the main supplier of energy for the heart. As the heart matures, the substrate preference of the mitochondria switches from carbohydrates to lipids. We used a sheep model of intrauterine growth restriction to study the capacity of the mitochondria in the heart to produce energy using either carbohydrate or lipid substrates by measuring how much oxygen was consumed. Our data show that the mitochondria respiration levels in the growth-restricted fetal heart were lower than in the normally growing fetuses, and the expression levels of genes involved in lipid metabolism were also lower. Differences between the right and left ventricles that are independent of the fetal growth restriction condition were identified. These results indicate an impaired metabolic maturation of the growth-restricted fetal heart associated with a decreased capacity to oxidize lipids postnatally.
Pregnancy outcome in women with cerebral palsy: A nationwide population-based cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Cerebral palsy (CP) is a lifelong disorder with a high rate of comorbidities and complications. We hypothesized that women with CP are at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcome. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In this nationwide population-based cohort study 1997-2011, we examined the outcome of 770 births in women with CP vs 1 247 408 births in women without a CP diagnosis using the Swedish Medical Birth Register. We used unconditional logistic regression, adjusting for maternal age, smoking, parity, year of birth and epilepsy, to calculate adjusted odds ratios for adverse pregnancy outcome. Main adverse outcome was preterm birth. Secondary outcomes were cesarean section, induction of labor, low 5-min Apgar score, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and stillbirth. RESULTS: After adjusting for potential confounders, maternal CP was associated with increased risk of preterm birth (12.9% vs 4.9%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.8, 95% CI 2.3-3.5), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.9, 95% CI 1.6-2.2), induced delivery (aOR 1.4, 95% CI 1.1-1.6), low 5-min Apgar score (aOR 1.8, 95% CI 1.1-2.9) and small of gestational age birth (aOR 1.6, 95% CI 1.2-2.3). We found no increased risk of large for gestational age or stillbirth. CONCLUSIONS: Women with CP are at increased risk of preterm birth and other adverse pregnancy outcomes, suggesting that they deserve extra surveillance during antenatal care. Further studies, with information on type of CP and gross motor function, are warranted to better understand the association between CP and pregnancy outcome.
Contemporary clinical updates on the prevention of future cardiovascular disease in women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes are significant causes of maternal mortality. There is substantial evidence of an association between adverse events during pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk. It is therefore important to understand the role of risk modification prior to, during, and after pregnancy to reduce adverse outcomes. These efforts include risk assessment, routine screening for cardiovascular risk factors, and potential pharmacotherapeutic risk reduction. In this manuscript, we aim to highlight the current evidence in the areas of cardiovascular risk assessment and risk modification, and the role for potential risk reduction therapies before, during, and after pregnancy.
[Maternal and fetal consequences of increased gestational weight gain in women of normal prepregnant weight].; OBJECTIVE: To study the effects of increased gestational weight gain in women of normal prepregnant weight. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We compared 174 patients gaining more than 18 kg to 174 patients gaining between 9 and 15 kg. Body mass index was normal for every woman included in the study. RESULTS: Weight gain > or =18 kg was associated with increased risk of vascular complications (5.2% vs. 1.1%, P < 0.05) but not with increased risk of mellitus diabetes (5.2% vs. 4.0%, NS). Weight gain > or =18 kg prolonged labor length (414.4 +/- 147 min vs. 376.5 +/- 166.4 min, P < 0.05) and increased the rate of cesarean section (19.5% vs. 10.3%, P < 0.05). Neonatal outcome was similar in both groups, mean birth weight was greater (3413.6 +/- 427.0 g vs. 3163.4 +/- 495.1 g, P < 0.05) and the frequency of infants weighing more than 4000 g at birth was increased (8.0% vs. 4.0%, P < 0.05) among women gaining more than 18 kg. CONCLUSION: Excess weight gain in pregnancy affects gestational and delivery outcomes and results in higher frequency of fetal macrosomia. These results confirm recommendations on weight gain in pregnancy as guidelines for pregnant women.
Risk Prediction for Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in Delivering Mothers: A Validated Risk Model: PPCM Risk Prediction Model.; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) causes significant morbidity and mortality in childbearing women. Delays in diagnosis lead to worse outcomes; however, no validated risk prediction model exists. We sought to validate a previously described model and identify novel risk factors for PPCM presenting at the time of delivery. METHODS AND RESULTS: Administrative hospital records from 5,277,932 patients from 8 states were screened for PPCM, identified by International Classification of Disease-9 Clinical Modification codes (674.5x) at the time of delivery. Demographics, comorbidities, procedures, and outcomes were quantified. Performance of a previously published regression model alone and with the addition of novel PPCM-associated characteristics was assessed using receiver operating characteristic area under the curve (AUC) analysis. Novel risk factors were identified using multivariate logistic regression and the likelihood ratio test. In total, 1186 women with PPCM were studied, including 535 of 4,003,912 delivering mothers (0.013%) in the derivation set compared with 651 of 5,277,932 (0.012%) in the validation set. The previously published risk prediction model performed well in both the derivation (area under the curve 0.822) and validation datasets (area under the curve 0.802). Novel PPCM-associated characteristics in the combined cohort included diabetes mellitus (odds ratio [OR] of PPCM 1.93, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.23-3.02, P = .004), mood disorders (OR 1.74, 95% CI 1.22-2.47, P = .002), obesity (OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.45-2.55, P < .001), and Medicaid insurance (OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.22-1.96, P < .001). CONCLUSIONS: This is the first validated risk prediction model to identify women at increased risk for PPCM at the time of delivery. Diabetes mellitus, obesity, mood disorders, and lower socioeconomic status are risk factors associated with PPCM. This model may be useful for identifying women at risk and preventing delays in diagnosis.
Air Pollution and Cardiovascular Disease: A Review.; Air pollution is comprised of different compounds and particulate matter (PM) of sizes 2.5 and 10 μm, with the former size posing the greatest danger to humans. Evidence suggests that the global rise in air pollution levels during the past century is correlated with the increased incidence of diseases of the cardiovascular system. On a global scale, 7 million individuals died as a result of the effects of air pollution in 2012. Air pollution leads to tremendous amounts of financial burden (in 2010, $16 trillion in the US and Europe) on the health-care system. The severity of effects experienced by varying populations due to air pollution can differ due to locale, length of exposure, weather conditions, residential proximity to major highways or factories, and soil aridity. Pollutants affect the heart, blood vessels, and blood at a molecular level through proinflammatory or oxidative stress response, autonomic nervous system imbalance, and the direct permeation of harmful compounds into the tissue. The dysfunction of cells and biological processes of the cardiovascular system due to PM leads to an increased prevalence of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, myocardial infarction, thrombosis, and restricted valve motion. Studies in countries such as China have shown an increase of 0.25% in ischemic heart disease (IHD) mortality and a 0.27% increase in IHD morbidity due to a 10 μg/m3 increase in PM. In a study conducted in the US, PM2.5 concentrations ranged from 9.2-22.6 μg/m3, and every 5-μg/m3 increase in PM2.5 caused coronary calcification to increase by 4.1 Agatston units/yr. Studies on traffic-related air pollution found that nonhypertensive participants residing within 100 m of major roadways experienced an increase in systolic (0.35 mmHg) and diastolic (0.22 mmHg) blood pressure as a result of increases in traffic. The progression of CVD due to pollution has been found to fluctuate within individuals based on age, gender, location of exercise, smoking, pregnancy, diabetes, preexisting cardiovascular or pulmonary diseases, and other factors. Considering the number of individuals affected by pollution on a daily basis and the burden that this places on society through the health-care system, immediate preventive measures are needed to address these problems. Increased knowledge about the widespread effects of pollution on human physiological systems should aid in remediating the problem across the globe. Biomedical engineers can have a great positive impact in developing better instrumentation to measure discrete pollutants and characterizing their harmful effects on physiological systems.
Birth weight, physical morbidity, and mortality: a population-based sibling-comparison study.; Associations between low birth weight (≤2,500 g) and increased risk of mortality and morbidity provided the foundation for the "developmental origins of health and disease" hypothesis. Previous between-family studies could not control for unmeasured confounders. Therefore, we compared differentially exposed siblings to estimate the extent to which the associations were due to uncontrolled factors. Our population cohort included 3,291,773 persons born in Sweden from 1973 to 2008. Analyses controlled for gestational age, among other covariates, and considered birth weight as both an ordinal and a continuous variable. Outcomes included mortality after 1 year, cardiac-related death, hypertension, ischemic heart disease, pulmonary circulation problems, stroke, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. We fitted fixed-effects models to compare siblings and conducted sensitivity analyses to test alternative explanations. Across the population, the lower the birth weight, the greater the risk of mortality (e.g., cardiac-related death (low birth weight hazard ratio = 2.69, 95% confidence interval: 2.05, 3.53)) and morbidity (e.g., type 2 diabetes mellitus (low birth weight hazard ratio = 1.79, 95% confidence interval: 1.50, 2.14)) outcomes in comparison with normal birth weight. All associations were independent of shared familial confounders and measured covariates. Results emphasize the importance of birth weight as a risk factor for subsequent mortality and morbidity.
Trends, Predictors, and Outcomes of Cardiovascular Complications Associated With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome During Delivery Hospitalizations: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2002-2019).; Background Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an increased risk of pregnancy-associated complications. However, data on peripartum cardiovascular complications remain limited. Hence, we investigated trends, outcomes, and predictors of cardiovascular complications associated with PCOS diagnosis during delivery hospitalizations in the United States. Methods and Results We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2002-2019). International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9), or International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10), codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and PCOS diagnosis. A total of 71 436 308 weighted hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 0.3% were among women with PCOS (n=195 675). The prevalence of PCOS, and obesity among those with PCOS, increased during the study period. Women with PCOS were older (median, 31 versus 28 years; P<0.01) and had a higher prevalence of diabetes, obesity, and dyslipidemia. After adjustment for age, race and ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, PCOS remained an independent predictor of cardiovascular complications, including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 1.56 [95% CI, 1.54-1.59]; P<0.01), eclampsia (adjusted OR, 1.58 [95% CI, 1.54-1.59]; P<0.01), peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted OR, 1.79 [95% CI, 1.49-2.13]; P<0.01), and heart failure (adjusted OR, 1.76 [95% CI, 1.27-2.45]; P<0.01), compared with no PCOS. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among women with PCOS were associated with increased length (3 versus 2 days; P<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($4901 versus $3616; P<0.01). Conclusions Women with PCOS had a higher risk of preeclampsia/eclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, and heart failure during delivery hospitalizations. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among women with PCOS diagnosis were associated with increased length and cost of hospitalization. This signifies the importance of prepregnancy consultation and optimization for cardiometabolic health to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Prevalence of Intervillous Thrombi Is Increased in Placentas from Pregnancies Complicated by Diabetes.; Intervillous thrombus (IVT) is a placental pathology of unclear cause. One possible cause is that IVT protects against fetomaternal transfusion due to trophoblastic disruption. A role for hyperglycemia in trophoblast apoptosis has been suggested. We sought to determine whether placentas from pregnancies complicated by diabetes had an increased incidence of IVT. Medical records of 206 patients with type 1 diabetes (n = 39), type 2 diabetes (n = 37), and gestational diabetes (GDM, n = 130) at the Massachusetts General Hospital were identified. Placental pathology reports were reviewed to determine prevalence of IVT. Gestational and maternal age-matched controls were selected from the pathology archives consisting of placentas examined only for the indication of group B streptococcus screen positivity; controls were confirmed euglycemic and reviewed for IVT. Fisher exact test was used for statistical analysis. An increased incidence of IVT was present in all diabetics (type 1, type 2, and GDM; 32 of 206; 15.5%; P = 0.04) and GDM exclusively (22 of 130; 16.9%; P = 0.03) versus controls (7 of 99; 7.1%). IVT were also increased in patients with type 1 diabetes (4 of 39; 10.3%) and type 2 diabetes (6 of 37; 16.2%) compared to controls (7 of 99; 7.1%), but the results did not attain statistical significance (P = 0.73 and 0.19, respectively). The incidence of IVT was increased in the placentas of patients with diabetes as a group (type 1, type 2, and GDM), and in patients with GDM in particular. This is the first report of an association between diabetes and an increased incidence of placental IVT.
Intranasal insulin treatment partially corrects the altered gene expression profile in the hippocampus of developing rats with perinatal iron deficiency.; Perinatal iron deficiency (FeD) targets the hippocampus and leads to long-term cognitive deficits. Intranasal insulin administration improves cognitive deficits in adult humans with Alzheimer's disease and type 2 diabetes and could provide benefits in FeD-induced hippocampal dysfunction. To objective was to assess the effects of intranasal insulin administration intranasal insulin administration on the hippocampal transcriptome in a developing rat model of perinatal FeD. Perinatal FeD was induced using low-iron diet from gestational day 3 until postnatal day (P) 7, followed by an iron sufficient (FeS) diet through P21. Intranasal insulin was administered at a dose of 0.3 IU twice daily from P8 to P21. Hippocampi were removed on P21 from FeS control, FeD control, FeS insulin, and FeD insulin groups. Total RNA was isolated and profiled using next-generation sequencing. Gene expression profiles were characterized using custom workflows and expression patterns examined using ingenuity pathways analysis (n = 7-9 per group). Select RNAseq results were confirmed via qPCR. Transcriptomic profiling revealed that mitochondrial biogenesis and flux, oxidative phosphorylation, quantity of neurons, CREB signaling in neurons, and RICTOR-based mTOR signaling were disrupted with FeD and positively affected by intranasal insulin treatment with the most benefit observed in the FeD insulin group. Both perinatal FeD and intranasal insulin administration altered gene expression profile in the developing hippocampus. Intranasal insulin treatment reversed the adverse effects of FeD on many molecular pathways and could be explored as an adjunct therapy in perinatal FeD.
The correlation with abnormal fetal outcome and a high level of amniotic fluid alpha-fetoprotein in mid-trimester.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the correlation of high levels [>2.0 multiples of median (MoM)] of amniotic fluid alpha-fetoprotein (AFAFP) in midtrimester with abnormal fetal outcome. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We retrospectively studied 6245 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who had undergone amniocentesis between 15 and 27 weeks' gestation at Mackay Memorial Hospital between January 2014 and June 2020. Fifty-five cases had high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM). We investigated the abnormal fetal outcomes. RESULTS: Among the fifty-five cases with high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM), thirty (54.5%) had fetal chromosomal abnormalities, major structural abnormalities, and/or adverse obstetric events. Eight cases (14.5%) had chromosomal abnormalities including trisomy 21 (3 cases), trisomy 18 (3 cases), mosaic trisomy 18 (1 cases), and mosaic ring 13 (1 case). Seventeen cases (30.9%) had major structural abnormalities including abdominal wall defect (6 cases) and central nervous system (5 cases), gastrointestinal tract (3 cases), cardiovascular (2 cases), and genitourinary tract (2 cases) abnormalities. Fifteen cases (27%) had adverse obstetric events, including preterm delivery (5 cases), intrauterine fetal demise (4 cases), small for gestational age (4 cases), preeclampsia (4 cases), gestational diabetes mellitus (2 cases), gestational hypertension (1 case), preterm prelabor rupture of membrane (1 case), prolonged labor (1 case), and preterm uterine contraction (1 case). CONCLUSION: A high AFAFP level (>2.0 MoM) in midtrimester can be associated with abnormal fetal outcome, including chromosomal abnormalities, major structural abnormalities, and adverse obstetric events. Women with a prenatal diagnosis of high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM) should be alerted of the possibility of abnormal fetal outcomes, and further detailed genetic studies and serial sonographic examinations are recommended.
Metabolic profile and body composition in adult women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.; CONTEXT: The chronic, often supraphysiological glucocorticoid doses used in congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) might increase morbidity in cardiovascular disease and diabetes. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to assess risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in CAH women. SUBJECTS, METHODS, AND DESIGN: We compared 61 women, 18-63 yr, with CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency with 61 age- and sex- matched controls. Twenty-seven were younger than 30 yr, and 34 were 30 yr or older. Anthropometry, fat and lean mass measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, serum lipids, insulin, and adrenocortical steroids were studied. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Body composition and cardiovascular risk factors were the main outcome measures. RESULTS: Younger patients and controls had similar waist to hip ratio, lean and fat mass, and insulin. Older patients had higher waist to hip ratio, lean mass, and insulin than controls. Fat mass was similar to controls but higher than in younger patients. Lipid profiles were slightly more favorable in older patients than controls. Gestational diabetes was more common in patients (21% of pregnancies vs. 0, P < 0.026). Few older patients had hypertension, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes. Despite moderate glucocorticoid doses, most patients had suppressed androgens. CONCLUSIONS: No clear evidence of unfavorable cardiovascular risk factors were found. Increased fat mass and higher insulin levels were, however, found in patients older than 30 yr. High frequency of gestational diabetes is a risk marker for future diabetes. Lifelong follow-up, lifestyle modifications, and attempts to adjust and reduce the glucocorticoid doses seem important.
Placental circulation: Clinical significance.; Investigation of the mechanisms regulating development of new vessels is crucial to our understanding of both tumor biology and early pregnancy development. The placental vascular system develops through two distinct processes: vasculogenesis and angiogenesis. During vasculogenesis, endothelial progenitor cells angioblasts form a primitive vascular network. Angiogenesis represents the development of new vessels from preexisting vessels. Placental vascular growth begins as early as 21 days post conceptionem and continues throughout gestation. The development of villous capillaries from hemangioblastic cells can be observed until 10-12 weeks of gestation. From 12 weeks onwards, the capillaries coil, bulge, form sinusoids and protrude towards the trophoblastic layer. Although reliable signs of formation of new vessels are absent in the second half of pregnancy, some capillary sprouts can be seen. Human placenta is a rich source of angiogenic substances and these may play an important role in the regulation of placental vessel formation as well as in maternal vascular adaptation to pregnancy. Disturbances in the placental vascular development as demonstrated by reduced fetal capillary branching, maldevelopment of the villous tree and/or alterations in the expression of angiogenic factors in the fetomaternal unit, are associated with following pathologic conditions in pregnancy: early pregnancy losses preeclampsia intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) gestational diabetes and maternal diabetes mellitus Our understanding of the different molecular and functional aspects of the placental vessel formation during gestation might allow the establishment of new therapeutic strategies for the treatment of pregnancy related pathology.
Effects of prandial glycemic changes on objective fetal heart rate parameters.; BACKGROUND: There is confusion in the literature about the potential effect of maternal glucose levels on the fetal heart rate (FHR) cardiotocographic interpretation. STUDY DESIGN: prospective clinical descriptive study. SUBJECTS: 21 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus, 23 women with gestational diabetes and 18 healthy non-diabetic pregnant volunteers (control group). TREATMENT: maternal capillary glucose measurement and objective FHR analysis (Oxford System 8002) pre- and 1 h post-meal. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: descriptive statistics. Student t-tests and Pearson correlation studies. RESULTS: Maternal capillary glucose levels ranged between 2.7-10.5 mmol/l pre-meal and 4.2 14.8 mmol/l post-meal. The differences between objective FHR parameters pre- and postmeal were not significant in any of the groups of women studied. No correlation was found between prandial glycemic and FHR changes. Women with optimal and suboptimal glycemic control exhibited similar objective FHR parameters pre- and post-meal. Women with gestational diabetes showed similar prandial cardiotocographic changes irrespective of whether they were on insulin therapy or on hypoglycemic diet only. CONCLUSIONS: Objective FHR parameters are unaffected by prandial glycemic changes over a wide range of maternal glucose levels. Timing the non-stress test in relation to the meals seems irrelevant in clinical practice.
Assessment of cardiovascular risk and prevention of cardiovascular disease in women with the polycystic ovary syndrome: a consensus statement by the Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society.; OBJECTIVE: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) often have cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. The Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society created a panel to provide evidence-based reviews of studies assessing PCOS-CVD risk relationships and to develop guidelines for preventing CVD. PARTICIPANTS: An expert panel in PCOS and CVD reviewed literature and presented recommendations. EVIDENCE: Only studies comparing PCOS with control patients were included. All electronic databases were searched; reviews included individual studies/databases, systematic reviews, abstracts, and expert data. Articles were excluded if other hyperandrogenic disorders were not excluded, PCOS diagnosis was unclear, controls were not described, or methodology precluded evaluation. Inclusion/exclusion criteria were confirmed by at least two reviewers and arbitrated by a third. CONSENSUS PROCESS: Systematic reviews of CVD risk factors were compiled and submitted for approval to the AE-PCOS Society Board. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PCOS with obesity, cigarette smoking, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance, and subclinical vascular disease are at risk, whereas those with metabolic syndrome and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus are at high risk for CVD. Body mass index, waist circumference, serum lipid/glucose, and blood pressure determinations are recommended for all women with PCOS, as is oral glucose tolerance testing in those with obesity, advanced age, personal history of gestational diabetes, or family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Mood disorder assessment is suggested in all PCOS patients. Lifestyle management is recommended for primary CVD prevention, targeting low-density and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and adding insulin-sensitizing and other drugs if dyslipidemia or other risk factors persist.
Autophagy is involved in high glucose-induced heart tube malformation.; Both pre-gestational and gestational diabetes have an adverse impact on heart development, but little is known about the influence on the early stage of heart tube formation. Using early gastrulating chick embryos, we investigated the influence of high glucose on the process of heart tube formation, specifically during the primary heart field phase. We demonstrated that high-glucose exposure resulted in 3 types of heart tube malformation: 1) ventricular hypertrophy, 2) ventricular hypertrophy with dextrocardia and 3) ventricular hypertrophy and dextrocardia with the fusion anomaly of a bilateral primary heart tube. Next, we found that these malformation phenotypes of heart tubes might mainly originate from the migratory anomaly of gastrulating precardiac mesoderm cells rather than cell proliferation in the developmental process of bilateral primary heart field primordia. The treatment of rapamycin (RAPA), an autophagy inducer, led to a similar heart tube malformation phenotype as high glucose. Additionally, high-glucose exposure promoted the expression of the key autophagy protein LC3B in early chick tissue. Atg7 is strongly expressed in the fusion site of bilateral primary heart tubes. All of these data imply that autophagy could be involved in the process of high-glucose-induced malformation of the heart tube.
Synchronization of the factors critical for diabetic teratogenesis: an in vitro model.; OBJECTIVE: Our goal was to determine the relationship between critical factors and conditions such as gestational age and exposure time to elevated glucose levels in diabetic embryopathy. STUDY DESIGN: A postimplantation rat embryo culture was used as a model for investigation. The effect of various factors on embryonic development was studied. Experiments were conducted with increasing glucose concentrations (150 to 905 mg/dl, n = 186), at various gestational ages (10 to 12 days, n = 169), and for varying durations of exposure (30 to 180 minutes, n = 169). Gross morphologic characteristics of the yolk sac and embryo were assessed. RESULTS: Embryopathy was induced by hyperglycemia in a dose-related fashion: a 20% rate at two times control glucose concentration, almost a 50% rate at four times control, and approximately a 100% abnormality rate at more than six times control. A critical window in gestational age, days 10 to 11, and a minimum exposure time to hyperglycemia of 2 hours were necessary to induce teratogenesis. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic teratogenesis occurs in a dose-related fashion and requires a minimum exposure time and critical gestational age. Only synchronization of these critical conditions induces embryonic maldevelopment. Furthermore, nonsynchronized aberrant conditions may result in apparently normal embryonic development.
Comparison of patients with peripartum heart failure and normal (≥55%) versus low (<45%) left ventricular ejection fractions.; The current definition of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PC) is restricted to patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction (ejection fraction [EF]<45%). Data on peripartum heart failure (HF) with normal EF are sparse. We describe clinical characteristics of patients with normal (≥55%) and patients with low (<45%) left ventricular ejection fractions (LVEFs). Electronic medical records (2006 to 2013) of our tertiary care center were retrospectively screened to identify peripartum HF with normal EF, defined as an entity meeting Framingham criteria for HF with symptom onset during the last month of pregnancy or up to 5 months after delivery and with an EF of ≥55%. Clinical characteristics, echocardiographic parameters, and outcomes of these patients were compared with age-matched control patients with traditionally defined PC (EF<45%). A total of 25 patients with PC and EF≥55% were identified. Exclusion of hypertension (n=9), preeclampsia (n=1), and diabetes mellitus (n=2) yielded 13 patients with PC and EF≥55%. Age-matched patients with traditional PC (EF<45%) constituted controls (n=16). Compared with patients with PC and low LVEF, patients with PC and normal LVEF had lower B-type natriuretic peptide levels, systolic and diastolic left ventricular dimensions, left atrial size, and incidence of decompensated HF during delivery (p<0.05). Compared with historical age-matched controls, patients with normal LVEF exhibited attenuated E' mitral annular velocities. On follow-up, these patients were associated with a lower New York Heart Association functional class. In conclusion, peripartum HF with normal LVEF appears to be a distinct entity.
[Longitudinal analysis of arterial Doppler parameters in growth retarded fetuses].; Doppler parameters enable noninvasive and direct detection of placental insufficiency and brain sparing effect, which occurs as an adaptive mechanism to chronic hypoxemia. It is of great interest if further changes of Doppler parameters, which occur after the detection of the first pathologic value, can anticipate a moment of fetal distress. We investigated growth-restricted fetuses with the brain sparing effect in the time interval between the detection of blood flow redistribution until the distress. The aim of our study was to evaluate longitudinally Doppler parameters in umbilical (Aum), medial cerebral (MCA), renal (AR) and femoral (AF) artery, and find: 1) if there are significant changes in their value; 2) the character and time interval of these changes; and 3) if they differ from changes in biophysical profile (BFP). Prospective clinical study evaluated 35 pregnancies with fetal growth restriction. Fetuses were selected for the study if: 1) there were pathologic cerebral/umbilical (C/U) ratio, 2) at least four Doppler examinations in 3-4 days interval were performed and 3) prepartal fetal distress, defined as silent fetal heart rate pattern with spontaneous and late decelerations, was present. In 28 neonates after delivery umbilical artery gas and acid-base status was determined. Blood flow velocity waveforms were evaluated in Aum, MCA, AR, and AF. Arterial blood flow was estimated by pulsatility index (Pi), while in Aum we also used: present end-diastolic velocity (PEDV), absent end-diastolic velocity (AEDV) and reverse end-diastolic velocity (REDV). All of the fetuses were monitored by cardiotocogram (CTG) once to twice a day and by BFP twice a week. Elective Cesarean section was done in the presence of distress, except if severe immaturity or extreme malnutrition occurred. Etiological factors of placental insufficiency were: 1) hypertensive syndrome (n = 26), 2) chronic renal disease (n = 3), 3) primary antiphospholipid syndrome (n = 2), 4) diabetes mellitus (n = 1), 5) cardiac disease (n = 1) and 6) unknown (n = 2). Initial Doppler examination, with the detection of pathological C/U, was done in time interval between 26. to 32. weeks of gestation (wg) (29.4 +/- 2.5); delivery was between 29. to 34. wg (32.2 +/- 1.9); and average body weight was 1327 +/- 245 g. Pathological BFP was registered in 91.4% of fetuses. Cesarian section has not been done, in spite of distress, in two fetuses (5.7%) due to their extreme immaturity and/or malnutrition, so they died "in utero". Hypoxemia was registered in 96.4% (27/28) neonates, while acidosis in 71.4% (20/28). Neonatal morbidity was 93.9% (31/33), neonatal mortality 8.6%, while perinatal mortality was 14.3%. We found high significant difference (P < 0.001) in Pi Aum, Pi ACM and Pi AR in the time interval between the detection of pathological C/U ratio and fetal distress, while the difference was insignificant for the values of Pi AF (table). The value changes are characterized by: continuing increase of Pi Aum, with a maximum in the last week before the distress; biphasic character of PI MCA--tendency to decrease in the first two and significant increase in the last week; and significant increase of Pi AR one and a half week before the distress (table, graphic). Three weeks before the distress in 7 (53.8%) cases we registered PEDV, in 6 (46.2%) AEDV, while we didn't register REDV in any case. In the last week there were 3 (8.6%) PEDV, 23 (65.7%) AEDV and 9 (25.7%) REDV. Significant changes in Doppler parameters suggest that even after the blood redistribution in growth restricted hypoxemic fetuses further haemodynamic changes occur. Preterminal increase in Pi Aum can be due to: 1) release of leucotrien, tromboxan and free oxygen radicals and consecutive vasoconstriction in villous arteries; 2) increase of diastolic arterial pressure as a result of hypoxic-ischemic central nervous system (CNS) insult; 3) decreased combined heart minute volume in preterminal phase of hypoxemia. The increase of Pi MCA values is a result of hypoxic-ischemic CNS insult. As a consequence of hypoxia ischemia occurs by two mechanisms: local vasodilatatory agents production decrease, or due to the brain edema. The increase of Pi AR values can be explained by severe hypoxemia with the failure of local autoregulation of renal blood flow. The greatest changes in BFP values were registered in the first half, while in Doppler parameters in the second half of the studied interval suggesting that Doppler parameters more accurately announce fetal distress. We can conclude the following: 1) fetal distress appears after the presence hypoxic-ischemic CNS insult, and therefore late when sequels are concerned; 2) if the fetus is mature, elective delivery should be planed after the appearance of pathological C/U ratio, or with the pathological BFP at the latest, in order to avoid post-hypoxic sequels; 3) if the fetus is immature, pregnancy can be prolonged safely, in spite of pathological C/U ratio and BFP, with intensive monitoring of Doppler parameters until the detection of their increased values.
Family History of Diabetes Is Associated With Delayed Fetal Postprandial Brain Activity.; Introduction: We have previously shown that fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and insulin resistance exhibit a prolongation of fetal auditory event-related brain responses (fAER) compared to fetuses of normal glucose tolerant women during an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). This implies that maternal metabolism may program the developing fetal brain. We now asked whether a family history of type 2 diabetes without metabolic programing also impacts fetal brain activity. We therefore investigated brain activity in fetuses of normal glucose tolerant mothers with and without family history of type 2 diabetes (FHD+ and FHD-). Methods: A 75 g oGTT was performed in healthy pregnant women. Plasma glucose and insulin levels were measured after 0, 60, and 120 min. Each blood draw was preceded by fetal magnetoencephalographic (fMEG) recordings of fAER. From a group of 167 participants, a subsample of 52 metabolically healthy women, 37 with a negative, and 15 with a positive FHD (at least one first- or second-degree relative) was carefully selected based on the following inclusion criteria: inconspicuous pregnancy, no GDM, BMI 18.5-30 kg/m(2), no preterm birth and at least two fMEG with detectable fetal responses during oGTT. Results: An ANOVA showed a significant interaction between fMEG measurement time during the oGTT and FHD on fAER latency [F ((2)) = 4.163, p = 0.018]. Fetuses of mothers with FHD+ had a prolonged fAER (273 ± 113 ms) compared to fetuses of mothers with FHD- (219 ± 69 ms) at 60 min during the oGTT [F ((1)) = 4.902, p = 0.032]. There were no significant differences in age, BMI before pregnancy, weight gain during pregnancy and gestational age between the groups. Maternal glucose levels and insulin sensitivity were also not significantly different. Discussion: In addition to the previously shown influence of maternal metabolism on fetal brain activity, maternal family history of diabetes (FHD) is also linked to fetal postprandial brain activity. This indicates that genetic and/or epigenetic factors modulate the postprandial brain response of the developing fetus.
Gender does matter in perinatal medicine.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate complications and outcome of pregnancies with male and female fetuses. METHODS: A population-based study comparing all singleton deliveries between the years 1988 and 1999 was performed. We compared pregnancies with male vs. female fetuses. Patients with a previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from the study. Statistical analyses with the Mantel-Haenszel technique and multiple logistic regression models were performed to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period there were 55,891 deliveries of male and 53,104 deliveries of female neonates. Patients carrying male fetuses had higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.01-1.12; p = 0.012), fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.0; 95% CI 1.8-2.1; p < 0.001), failure to progress during the first and second stages of labor (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.3; p < 0.001 and OR = 1.4; 95% CI 1.3-1.5; p < 0.001, respectively), cord prolapse (OR = 1.3; 95% CI 1.1-1.6; p = 0.014), nuchal cord (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.2; p < 0.001) and true umbilical cord knots (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.7; p < 0.001). Higher rates of CS were found among male compared with female neonates (8.7 vs. 7.9%; OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.06-1.16; p < 0.001). Using three multivariate logistic regression models and controlling for birth weight and gestational age, male gender was significantly associated with non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.4-1.6; p < 0.001), low Apgar scores at 5 min (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.8; p < 0.001) and CS (OR = 1.2; 95%CI 1.2-1.3; p < 0.001). Controlling for possible confounders like gestational diabetes, cord prolapse, failed induction, nonprogressive labor, fetal macrosomia, nuchal cord and true umbilical cord knots using the Mantel-Haenszel technique did not change the significant association between male gender and CS. CONCLUSION: Male gender is an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Consistent cord blood DNA methylation signatures of gestational age between South Asian and white European cohorts.; BACKGROUND: Epigenetic modifications, particularly DNA methylation (DNAm) in cord blood, are an important biological marker of how external exposures during gestation can influence the in-utero environment and subsequent offspring development. Despite the recognized importance of DNAm during gestation, comparative studies to determine the consistency of these epigenetic signals across different ethnic groups are largely absent. To address this gap, we first performed epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of gestational age (GA) using newborn cord blood DNAm comparatively in a white European (n = 342) and a South Asian (n = 490) birth cohort living in Canada. Then, we capitalized on established cord blood epigenetic GA clocks to examine the associations between maternal exposures, offspring characteristics and epigenetic GA, as well as GA acceleration, defined as the residual difference between epigenetic and chronological GA at birth. RESULTS: Individual EWASs confirmed 1,211 and 1,543 differentially methylated CpGs previously reported to be associated with GA, in white European and South Asian cohorts, respectively, with a similar distribution of effects. We confirmed that Bohlin's cord blood GA clock was robustly correlated with GA in white Europeans (r = 0.71; p = 6.0 × 10(-54)) and South Asians (r = 0.66; p = 6.9 × 10(-64)). In both cohorts, Bohlin's clock was positively associated with newborn weight and length and negatively associated with parity, newborn female sex, and gestational diabetes. Exclusive to South Asians, the GA clock was positively associated with the newborn ponderal index, while pre-pregnancy weight and gestational weight gain were strongly predictive of increased epigenetic GA in white Europeans. Important predictors of GA acceleration included gestational diabetes mellitus, newborn sex, and parity in both cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: These results demonstrate the consistent DNAm signatures of GA and the utility of Bohlin's GA clock across the two populations. Although the overall pattern of DNAm is similar, its connections with the mother's environment and the baby's anthropometrics can differ between the two groups. Further research is needed to understand these unique relationships.
Fetal Anomaly Detection in Pregnancies With Pregestational Diabetes.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate fetal anomaly detection in pregnancies with pregestational diabetes, according to the gestational age at the time of specialized sonography, use of follow-up sonography, maternal body mass index, and organ system(s) involved. METHODS: Women with pregestational diabetes who received prenatal care and delivered a live-born or stillborn neonate at our hospital from October 2011 through April 2017 were ascertained. We included all pregnancies with at least 1 confirmed structural anomaly (EUROCAT classification) who had detailed sonography at 18 weeks' gestation or later. We analyzed detection of anomalous fetuses at the initial detailed sonogram and, if no abnormality was identified, during any follow-up sonograms. Statistical analyses were performed with the χ(2) test and Mantel-Haenszel χ(2) test for trend. RESULTS: Seventy-two anomalous neonates (72 of 1060 [6.8%]) were born. Overall detection was 55 of 72 (76%); 49 of 72 (68%) were detected at the initial detailed sonogram, compared to 6 of 15 (40%) of follow-up examinations (P = .04). Recognition at the initial or follow-up examination was not dependent on gestational age or body mass index category (all P > .05). Of individual organ system anomalies, 67 of 89 (75%) were identified. Detection exceeded 85% for central nervous system, genitourinary, and musculoskeletal abnormalities and 43% for craniofacial anomalies. Sixty-five percent of cardiac anomalies were detected, and 14 of 17 (82%) requiring specialized care in the immediate neonatal period were recognized. CONCLUSIONS: Approximately three-fourths of anomalous fetuses were identified, with greater detection at the initial detailed examination. Fetuses with central nervous system, genitourinary, musculoskeletal abnormalities and those with cardiac anomalies requiring specialized cardiac care were more likely to come to attention.
[INDICATIONS FOR ANTITHROMBOTIC MEDICATION DURING PREGNANCY--ANALYSIS OF CURRENT PRACTICES IN BULGARIA].; AIM: To analyze current practices in Bulgaria regarding antithrombotic medication (AM) during pregnancy, and to compare them with the ones recommended in literature. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In 84 pregnant women who were low dose aspirin (LDA) or/and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) or unfractionated heparin (UH), data about AM were collected and analyzed. A descriptive analysis was performed of the indications for AM, its type, the applied doses and therapeutic regimens. RESULTS: 39/84 pregnant women (46.4%) had indications for AM. In 18/84 cases (21.4%) the type of AM was precisely selected according to the indications. Of them 12 were on LDA alone (8--history of early preeclampsia/IUGR, 2--diabetes, 1--autoimmune disease, 1--chronic hypertension), 4--on LMWH/UF alone (2--venous thromboembolism, 2--essential thrombocytemia) and 2 received both LMH and LDA (1--antiphospholipid syndrome, 1--phlebothrombosis and stillbirth). Another 21/84 cases (25%) had indications for AM but its type was not appropriately selected. This subgroup included cases with high risk inherited thrombophylia (IT), history of placental mediated disease (PMD) in previous pregnancies and/or accompanying medical disorders. These patients had indications for either LDA or LMA administration, but were on combined medication. In 45/84 cases (53.6%) with uneventful past obstetric history or early pregnancy losses (before 10 w.g.) but no PMD there were no indications for AM. Among them, 17/84 (20.2%) had low risk IT in 18/84 (21.4%) IT was ruled out and 10/84 (12%) were not tested for IT at all. In total, 64/84 patients (76.2%) were on LDA--alone (25/84 - 29.8%), or in combination with LMWH (39/84 - 46.4%). Treatment with LDA was indicated in 45/64 (70.3%) cases--12/25 (48%) of the ones who were on LDA alone and 23/39 (59%) of those on LDA and LMW In 19/64 cases (29.7%) LDA administration was not indicated. 59/84 (70.2%) of the patients were on LMW/UH- alone (20/84 - 23.8%) orin combination with LDA (39/84 - 46.4%). This therapy was indicated in only 6/59 cases (10.2%), treated with LMWH/UH - 4/20 (20%) of the ones on LMWH/UH alone and 2/39 (5.2%) of the ones on LDA plus LMWH. In 53/59 cases (89.8%) the administration of LMWH was not indicated. LDA was started preconceptionally, in the Ist or in the lind trimester in 12/64 (18.7%), 32/64 (50%) and 6/64 (9.4%) of the cases respectively. LMWN/UH was started preconceptionally, in the Ist orin the lind trimester in 5/59 (8.6%), 33/59 (56.9%) and 5/59 (8.6%) of the cases respectively. The information when AM was started was not reliable in 14/64 (21.9%) cases on LDA and in 16/59 (27.1%) - on LMWH. In 12/84 cases (14.3%) LDA and LMWH were administered every other day. This referred to 5/64 (7.8%) cases on LDA and to 7/58 (12.1%) - on LMWH. LDA and LMWH were administered in PAI 4G/4G polymorphism despite the fact that in'these cases fibrinolysis but not coagulation was affected. CONCLUSIONS: AM was administered according to strict indications and with appropriately selected preparations in only 21.4% of the studied cases. In another 25% there were indications for AM, but its type was not precisely selected. 53.6% of the patients had no indications for AM. LDA administration (alone or in combination with LMWH) was indicated in 70.9% of the cases; the same referred to only 10.2% of the ones who were on LMWH. Application/administration of AM every other day was inappropriate given the pharmacokinetics of the preparations. AM was also applied in IT with decreased fibrinolysis but not increased coagulability.
Preterm Delivery and Metabolic Syndrome in Women Followed From Prepregnancy Through 25 Years Later.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether women who deliver preterm have excess risk for metabolic dysregulation independent of prepregnancy factors. METHODS: We conducted a multicenter, longitudinal, observational study of 1,205 women (50% black) in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study with at least one birth between baseline (1985-1986) and year 25 and no metabolic syndrome or diabetes before pregnancy. Cardiometabolic factors were measured prepregnancy and at up to five subsequent examinations. We estimated the relative hazards of incident metabolic syndrome in women with one or more preterm births (less than 37 weeks of gestation, n=295) compared with only term births (37 weeks of gestation or greater, n=910). Self-reported gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension during pregnancy, and time-dependent weight gain were also considered as covariates. RESULTS: Of 315 cases of metabolic syndrome in 17,717 person-years of follow-up, the incidence rate was higher among women with preterm compared with term births (22.0 compared with 16.4 per 1,000 person-years; relative hazard 2.91 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.75-3.09]). After adjustment for prepregnancy cardiometabolic factors and covariates, the relative hazard (95% CI) for metabolic syndrome was 1.52 (1.22-1.88) for women with preterm compared with term births. Gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension during pregnancy, and weight gain only modestly attenuated this association. Elevated blood pressure (36.3% compared with 26.7%, P=.002) and central adiposity (51.5% compared with 44.0%, P=.02) were the individual metabolic syndrome components that were different in women with preterm compared with term births. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of preterm birth have increased risk of incident metabolic syndrome compared with those with term births, independent of the prepregnancy metabolic status and pregnancy complications.
IGF1 gene is epigenetically activated in preterm infants with intrauterine growth restriction.; BACKGROUND: IGF1 is a key molecule in the regulation of growth and metabolism. Low IGF1 secretion is known to cause growth restriction in childhood, as well as deregulated lipid metabolism, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes in adulthood. The IGF1 gene P2 promoter is highly methylated, resulting in low secretion of IGF1 in small infants and children. However, it is unknown when this methylation occurs. The aim of study was to clarify the point when this epigenetic program occurs during intrauterine development. We analyzed 56 preterm infants born before 32 weeks of gestation, including 19 intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) infants whose birth weights were lower than - 2SD calculated by the Japanese datasets. We extracted genomic DNA from whole blood at birth; methylation of the six CpG sites in the IGF1 P2 promoter was analyzed by the bisulfite amplicon method using the MiSeq platform. RESULTS: In contrast to term infants and children, the methylation of all six CpG sites positively correlated with body weight and body length at birth. IGF1 P2 promoter methylation levels were significantly reduced in all six CpG sites in infants with IUGR. CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicated that the IGF1 gene is epigenetically activated before 32 weeks of gestation in infants with IUGR and that the activated gene may become suppressed after this time point. This study may provide new insights to prevent the onset of adult diseases and to aid in nutritional management for preterm birth infants in neonatal intensive care units.
Sleep During Pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: This article will provide a brief review of most recent findings of sleep, insomnia, obstructive sleep apnea, and restless leg syndrome during pregnancy. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent meta-analyses have found that 38.2% of pregnant women experience insomnia, 15% experience obstructive sleep apnea, and 20% experience restless leg syndrome. Poor sleep during pregnancy is associated with increased odds of preterm birth, cesarean section, hypertension, gestational diabetes, and longer deliveries. OSA is also associated with poor outcomes such as maternal hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and low infant Apgar score. Incidence of new-onset RLS increases with parity, gestational age, maternal age, and increased maternal adiposity. Typical treatments have been found to be effective for treating sleep disorders in pregnant women. Obtaining sufficient sleep quality and quantity in addition to assessing and treating sleep disorders should be a priority for pregnant women and their providers.
A meta-analysis of obstetric and neonatal outcomes in patients after treatment of hysteroscopic adhesiolysis.; INTRODUCTION: Hysteroscopic adhesiolysis is widely performed in women with intrauterine adhesions. Small observational studies have reported the obstetric and neonatal outcomes, but studies with larger sample sizes are few. The aim of this study is to evaluate the obstetric and neonatal outcomes in women after hysteroscopic adhesiolysis. METHODS: We conducted a literature search in July 2022 using the PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, and Web of Science databases, and finally, 32 studies (N = 3812) were included. We did a meta-analysis to estimate the prevalence of placenta-related disorders, including placenta previa, placental abruption, placenta accreta, placenta increta, and retained placenta. We also included other obstetric and neonatal outcomes like postpartum hemorrhage, ectopic pregnancy, oligohydramnios, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and intrauterine growth restriction. The results were presented as odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) in studies with a control group, but otherwise as prevalence (%) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: The overall pregnancy and live birth rates were 58.97% and 45.56%, respectively. The prevalence of placenta previa differed in pregnant women who underwent hysteroscopic adhesiolysis compared with those who did not (OR, 3.27; 95% CI, 1.28-8.36). In studies without a comparative group, the pooled rate of placenta accreta was 7% (95% CI, 4-11) in 20 studies; placenta increta was 1% (95% CI, 0-4) in 5 studies; a retained placenta was 11% (95% CI, 5-24) in 5 studies; postpartum hemorrhage was 12% (95% CI, 8-18) in 12 studies; ectopic pregnancy was 1% (95% CI, 0-2) in 13 studies; oligohydramnios was 3% (95% CI, 1-6) in 3 studies; intrauterine growth restriction was 3% (95% CI, 1-8) in 3 studies; gestational hypertension was 5% (95% CI, 2-11) in 4 studies; and diabetes mellitus was 4% (95% CI, 2-7) in 3 studies. DISCUSSION: Due to the paucity of good quality comparative data, the question of whether there is an increased prevalence of obstetric and neonatal complications in women after hysteroscopic adhesiolysis compared with the general population remains unanswered. The findings from this review will provide a basis for more well-designed studies in the future. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/display_record.php?RecordID=364021, identifier [CRD42022364021].
Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes With Self-Reported Measures of Sleep Duration and Timing in Women Who Are Nulliparous.; STUDY OBJECTIVES: To examine the relationship of self-reported sleep during pregnancy with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A secondary objective was to describe the concordance between self-reported and objectively assessed sleep during pregnancy. METHODS: In this prospective cohort, women completed a survey of sleep patterns at 6 to 13 weeks' gestation (visit 1) and again at 22 to 29 weeks' gestation (visit 3). Additionally, at 16 to 21 weeks (visit 2), a subgroup completed a week-long sleep diary coincident with an actigraphy recording. Weekly averages of self-reported sleep duration and sleep midpoint were calculated. A priori, sleep duration < 7 hours was defined as "short," and sleep midpoint after 5:00 AM was defined as "late." The relationship of these sleep abnormalities with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was determined. RESULTS: Of the 10,038 women enrolled, sleep survey data were available for 7,524 women at visit 1 and 7,668 women at visit 3. A total of 752 women also provided ≥ 5 days of sleep diary data coincident with actigraphy at visit 2. We did not observe any consistent relationship between self-reported short sleep and HDP or GDM. There was an association between self-reported late sleep midpoint and GDM (visit 1 adjusted odds ratio 1.67, 95% confidence interval 1.17, 2.38; visit 2 adjusted odds ratio 1.73, 95% confidence interval 1.23, 2.43). At visit 2, 77.1% of participants had concordance between their diary and actigraphy for short sleep duration, whereas 94.3% were concordant for sleep midpoint. CONCLUSIONS: Self-reported sleep midpoint, which is more accurate than self-reported sleep duration, is associated with the risk of GDM. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registry: ClinicalTrials.gov, Title: Pregnancy as a Window to Future Cardiovascular Health: Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes as Predictors of Increased Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease, Identifier: NCT02231398, URL: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02231398.
Brain Development in Fetuses of Mothers with Diabetes: A Case-Control MR Imaging Study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Offspring exposed to maternal diabetes are at increased risk of neurocognitive impairment, but its origins are unknown. With MR imaging, we investigated the feasibility of comprehensive assessment of brain metabolism ((1)H-MRS), microstructure (DWI), and macrostructure (structural MRI) in third-trimester fetuses in women with diabetes and determined normal ranges for the MR imaging parameters measured. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Women with singleton pregnancies with diabetes (n = 26) and healthy controls (n = 26) were recruited prospectively for MR imaging studies between 34 and 38 weeks' gestation. RESULTS: Data suitable for postprocessing were obtained from 79%, 71%, and 46% of women for (1)H-MRS, DWI, and structural MRI, respectively. There was no difference in the NAA/Cho and NAA/Cr ratios (mean [SD]) in the fetal brain in women with diabetes compared with controls (1.74 [0.79] versus 1.79 [0.64], P = .81; and 0.78 [0.28] versus 0.94 [0.36], P = .12, respectively), but the Cho/Cr ratio was marginally lower (0.46 [0.11] versus 0.53 [0.10], P = .04). There was no difference in mean [SD] anterior white, posterior white, and deep gray matter ADC between patients and controls (1.16 [0.12] versus 1.16 [0.08], P = .96; 1.54 [0.16] versus 1.59 [0.20], P = .56; and 1.49 [0.23] versus 1.52 [0.23], P = .89, respectively) or volume of the cerebrum (243.0 mL [22.7 mL] versus 253.8 mL [31.6 mL], P = .38). CONCLUSIONS: Acquiring multimodal MR imaging of the fetal brain at 3T from pregnant women with diabetes is feasible. Further study of fetal brain metabolism in maternal diabetes is warranted.
Metabolic Profiling of Pregnant Women with Obesity: An Exploratory Study in Women at Greater Risk of Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most prevalent obstetric conditions, particularly among women with obesity. Pathways to hyperglycaemia remain obscure and a better understanding of the pathophysiology would facilitate early detection and targeted intervention. Among obese women from the UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT), we aimed to compare metabolic profiles early and mid-pregnancy in women identified as high-risk of developing GDM, stratified by GDM diagnosis. Using a GDM prediction model combining maternal age, mid-arm circumference, systolic blood pressure, glucose, triglycerides and HbA1c, 231 women were identified as being at higher-risk, of whom 119 women developed GDM. Analyte data (nuclear magnetic resonance and conventional) were compared between higher-risk women who developed GDM and those who did not at timepoint 1 (15+0−18+6 weeks) and at timepoint 2 (23+2−30+0 weeks). The adjusted regression analyses revealed some differences in the early second trimester between those who developed GDM and those who did not, including lower adiponectin and glutamine concentrations, and higher C-peptide concentrations (FDR-adjusted p < 0.005, < 0.05, < 0.05 respectively). More differences were evident at the time of GDM diagnosis (timepoint 2) including greater impairment in β-cell function (as assessed by HOMA2-%B), an increase in the glycolysis-intermediate pyruvate (FDR-adjusted p < 0.001, < 0.05 respectively) and differing lipid profiles. The liver function marker γ-glutamyl transferase was higher at both timepoints (FDR-adjusted p < 0.05). This exploratory study underlines the difficulty in early prediction of GDM development in high-risk women but adds to the evidence that among pregnant women with obesity, insulin secretory dysfunction may be an important discriminator for those who develop GDM.
[Two cases of heterozygous Fabry disease].; We report two cases of heterozygous Fabry disease with severe organ damage. Case 1 was a 47-year-old woman. In April 1977, at the age of 27 years, she had proteinuria and edema around the 26th week of her second pregnancy and was diagnosed as toxicosis of pregnancy. She had proteinuria after the delivery. In 1990, a renal biopsy showed zebra bodies under electron microscopic findings, and the patient was diagnosed as Fabry disease. In 1998, a myocardial biopsy showed identical findings. The patient developed severe hypertension and decreased renal function, and alpha-galactosidase enzyme replacement therapy was initiated. However, despite treatment, she was started on dialysis in 2004. Case 2 was a 40-year-old woman. In March 2003, the patient presented with severe hypertension. The patient had cerebral infarction, cardiac hypertrophy, old myocardial infarction and renal failure without diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia and collagen disease. The patient was diagnosed as Fabry disease from persistent numbness and pain in the four extremities, a family history of mortality due to heart disease, and skin biopsy findings. She is currently undergoing enzyme replacement therapy. It is generally known that female Fabry disease patients are asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic, as were the present two patients, but some can have marked organ disorders. Hence, even in female patients, it is necessary to consider Fabry disease as a causative disease of chronic renal failure.
Folic Acid Supplement Use and Increased Risk of Gestational Hypertension.; Current results regarding the effect of folic acid (FA) supplement use on gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia are limited and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate whether FA supplement use was associated with GH and preeclampsia. Participants from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort with information on periconceptional FA supplement use and diagnosis of GH/preeclampsia were included (n=4853). Robust Poisson regression was used to assess the association of FA supplement use and GH and preeclampsia. Among the 4853 participants in this study, 1161 (23.9%) and 161 (3.3%) women were diagnosed with GH and preeclampsia, respectively. The risk ratio of developing GH was higher in women who used ≥800 µg/d FA supplement from prepregnancy through midpregnancy than nonusers (risk ratio, 1.33 [1.08-1.65]). After adjusting for social-demographic, reproductive, lifestyle factors, family history of hypertension, other supplement use, and gestational weight gain, the adverse association remained significant (risk ratio, 1.32 [1.06-1.64]). Restricting the analysis among women with normal weight, without family history of hypertension, and without gestational diabetes mellitus, the positive FA-GH association still existed. We did not find any significant association between FA supplement use and preeclampsia regardless of adjustment. High-dose (≥800 µg/d) FA supplement use from prepregnancy through midpregnancy was associated with increased risk of GH. Attention should be given to avoid the potential risk of GH due to inappropriate FA supplement use in women who are planning or capable of pregnancy.
Comparison of lipid profile in type-2 obese diabetics and obese non-diabetic individuals. a hospital based study from Western Nepal.; BACKGROUND: Type-2 diabetes mellitus is an independent risk factor for coronary artery disease and risk of coronary disease is three to four fold increased in patients with diabetes compared with non-diabetic population and 60-80% 0f type-2 diabetics are obese. METHODS: This study was conducted in Nepalgunj Teaching Hospital, Kohalpur, Banke, Nepal, between 1st March, 2011 and 28th February, 2012. A total of 150 samples were taken to assess the lipid profile in type-2 diabetic patients associated with obesity and 25 obese controls for their lipid profile. Venous blood samples were taken from all the subjects in the morning after fasting overnight. Exclusion criteria included pregnancy, chronic infectious disease, heart failure; renal failure and drug allergy were confirmed from the subject's personal physician report and a detailed history. The data was analyzed using Excel 2003, R 2.8.0 Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) for Windows Version 16.0 (SPSS Inc; Chicago, IL, USA) and the EPI Info 3.5.1 Windows Version. RESULTS: The mean ± SD age of diabetic patients with obesity was 53.76± 6.23 while the mean ± SD age of control was 49.61 ± 4.8. Out of 150 patients 105 (70%) were males and 45 (30%) were females. Among control subjects 16 (64%) were males and 9 (36%) were females. Obese type-2 diabetic patients when compared to obese control subjects showed statistically significant increase in the levels of serum total cholesterol (p < 0.001), serum triglycerides (p < 0.001), serum LDL-cholesterol (p < 0.001) while serum HDL-cholesterol levels did not show statistically significant difference in the two group (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: This study showed obese diabetic individuals have dyslipidemia and more prone to develop cardiovascular diseases.
Trends in Cardiovascular Health Counseling Among Postpartum Individuals.; IMPORTANCE: Poor prepregnancy cardiovascular health (CVH) and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are key risk factors for subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD) in birthing adults. The postpartum visit offers an opportunity to promote CVH among at-risk individuals. OBJECTIVE: To determine prevalence, predictors, and trends in self-reported CVH counseling during the postpartum visit. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Serial, cross-sectional analysis of data from 2016-2020 from the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS), a nationally representative, population-based survey. The primary analysis included individuals who attended a postpartum visit 4 to 6 weeks after delivery with available data on receipt of CVH counseling, self-reported prepregnancy CVD risk factors (obesity, diabetes, and hypertension), and APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth) (N = 167 705 [weighted N = 8 714 459]). EXPOSURES: Total number of CVD risk factors (0, 1, or ≥2 prepregnancy risk factors or APOs). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Annual, age-adjusted prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling per 100 individuals, defined as receipt of counseling for healthy eating, exercise, and losing weight gained during pregnancy, was calculated overall and by number of CVD risk factors. Average annual percent change (APC) assessed trends in CVH counseling from 2016 through 2020. Data were pooled to calculate rate ratios (RRs) for counseling that compared individuals with and without CVD risk factors after adjustment for age, education, postpartum insurance, and delivery year. RESULTS: From 2016 through 2020, prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling declined from 56.2 to 52.8 per 100 individuals among those with no CVD risk factors (APC, -1.4% [95% CI, -1.8% to -1.0%/y]), from 58.5 to 57.3 per 100 individuals among those with 1 risk factor (APC, -0.7% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.1%/y]), and from 61.9 to 59.8 per 100 individuals among those with 2 or more risk factors (APC, -0.8% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.3%/y]). Reporting receipt of counseling was modestly higher among individuals with 1 risk factor (RR, 1.05 [95% CI, 1.04 to 1.07]) and with 2 or more risk factors (RR, 1.11 [95% CI, 1.09 to 1.13]) compared with those who had no risk factors. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Approximately 60% of individuals with CVD risk factors or APOs reported receiving CVH counseling at their postpartum visit. Prevalence of reporting CVH counseling decreased modestly over 5 years.
Association of induced abortion with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy risk among nulliparous women in China: a prospective cohort study.; The relationship between induced abortion(IA) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy(HDP) is inconclusive. Few studies have been conducted in China. In order to clarify the association between previous IA and risk of HDP, including gestational hypertension(GH) and pre-eclampsia(PE), we performed a community-based prospective cohort study enrolling 5191 eligible nulliparous women in selected 2 districts and 11 towns of Liuyang from 2013 to 2015. Multivariable logistic regression was conducted to examine whether IA was associated with HDP, GH and PE. Of the gravidea, 1378(26.5%) had a previous IA and 258(5.0%) diagnosed with HDP, including 141(2.7%) GH and 117(2.3%) PE. The difference in the incidence of GH and PE between gravidae having one versus those with two or more IAs was minimal. After adjustment for maternal age, body mass index at first antenatal visit, education, virus infection and history of medical disorders, previous IA was significantly associated with HDP (OR = 0.67, 95%CI = 0.49 to 0.91) and PE (OR = 0.61, 95%CI = 0.38 to 0.97), but not with GH (OR = 0.73, 95%CI = 0.49 to 1.10). Additional adjustment for occupation, living area, anemia, gestational diabetes mellitus, psychological stress, conception climate and infant sex, multivariable analysis provided similar results. In conclusion, previous IA was associated with a lower risk of PE among nulliparous women.
Calcitriol and Punica Granatum Extract Concomitantly Attenuate Cardiomyopathy of Diabetic Mother Rats and Their Neonates via Activation of Raf/MEK/ERK Signalling and Mitigation of Apoptotic Pathways.; We investigated the detrimental effects of diabetes on myocardium of pregestational streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic mother rats and their neonates via evaluations of oxidative redox, inflammatory and apoptotic pathways, also aiming to characterize whether calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract confer myocardial protection in hyperglycaemic dams and their foetuses via modulation of the Raf/MEK/ERK cascade. Sixty Sprague-Dawley female rats were randomized into five groups (N = 12): control, diabetic, diabetic treated with calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract (PPE), and mated with non-diabetic healthy males. After confirmation of pregnancy, treatments were kept until gestational day (E-18). Serum and cardiac tissues of mothers and foetuses were collected and processed for biochemical, histopathological, and molecular assessments. We observed that, compared to the control, diabetic mothers showed dramatically increased hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidaemia associated with decreased myocardial functions and disrupted maternal performance. Also, diabetic mothers and their neonates exhibited elevated levels of myocardial injury (troponin I, endothelin 1, creatine kinase-MB, lactate dehydrogenase), with increased pro-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin 1, interleukin 1β, transforming growth factor β) and oxidative redox. Concurrently, the MAPK pathway was significantly down-regulated with increased myocardial apoptotic activity. Furthermore, mRNA expression of angiogenic and fibrotic markers was significantly increased. Paradoxically, calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract alleviated these diabetic myocardial insults and normalized the aforementioned assayed parameters. Our findings hypothesized that calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract exerted cardioameliorative impacts due to their unique anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory properties, and thus may be a promising treatment that directly targets the secondary myocardial complications of diabetes in dams and their offspring.
The impact of inadequate gestational weight gain in obese diabetic women.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of inadequate gestational weight gain (GWG) on neonatal birth weight in diabetic obese women. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study of women with an initial body mass index (BMI) ⩾30 kg m(-2) and gestational or type 2 diabetes was conducted. GWG was stratified: inadequate (<11 lbs), adequate (11 to 20 lbs) or excessive (>20 lbs). The primary outcome was birth weight. Secondary outcomes included hypertensive disorders, gestational age at delivery, mode of delivery and Apgar scores. RESULT: A total of 211 obese diabetic women were identified. Of those, 37% had inadequate GWG, 25% had adequate GWG and 38% had excessive GWG. Women with inadequate GWG had lower mean birth weights (P=0.048), as well as lower rates of cesarean delivery (P=0.017) and lower rates of pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders (P=0.026) compared with those with adequate and excessive GWG. CONCLUSION: Inadequate GWG was associated lower mean birth weights, lower rates of cesarean delivery and lower rates of pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders.
The PERInatal MYocardial Remodeling (PERIMYR) cohort study protocol: A prospective study of cardiac remodeling and "recovery" in pregnancy as a model to understand the impact of comorbidities in cardiac remodeling and reverse remodeling.; INTRODUCTION: Heart failure (HF) is among the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Several conditions trigger left ventricular chronic pressure or volume overload, hypertrophy, systolic and diastolic dysfunction, leading to cardiac remodeling and a rapid progression toward HF. Therapeutic interventions elicit reverse remodeling (RR), a highly variable myocardial response that ranges from none to total ventricular structural/functional recovery. However, HF patients present several comorbidities and medications that mask a comprehensive molecular knowledge of RR and hinder the identification of potential biomarkers of its progression or prognosis. Therefore, instead of using this heterogeneous population or even animal models to understand myocardial remodeling, we propose studying pregnancy-induced cardiovascular remodeling and postpartum-induced RR. OBJECTIVES: To assess cardiovascular functional and structural adaptations during pregnancy and in postpartum, characterizing the associated molecular changes; as well as to explore the impact of hypertension, obesity and diabetes on these processes. METHODS: We will perform echocardiography and assess endothelial function and arterial stiffness (EndoPAT® and pulse wave velocity, respectively) and assess potential markers of remodeling and RR using plasma and urine samples from pregnant women. To translate to a HF context, we will determine the impact of risk factors (hypertension, obesity and diabetes) by studying subgroups of pregnant women with these comorbidities. RESULTS: Not applicable. CONCLUSION: We are convinced that understanding the impact of these comorbidities in such a homogeneous population, such as pregnant women, provides a valuable model to unveil the most relevant pathologic and often masked signaling pathways underlying cardiac remodeling and incomplete RR in a heterogeneous population, such as HF patients. Moreover, we expect to identify potential novel biomarkers of RR progression/prognosis more easily.
Indications for induction of labour: a best-evidence review.; BACKGROUND: Rates of labour induction are increasing. OBJECTIVES: To review the evidence supporting indications for induction. SEARCH STRATEGY: We listed indications for labour induction and then reviewed the evidence. We searched MEDLINE and the Cochrane Library between 1980 and April 2008 using several terms and combinations, including induction of labour, premature rupture of membranes, post-term pregnancy, preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (PROM), multiple gestation, suspected macrosomia, diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiac disease, fetal anomalies, systemic lupus erythematosis, oligohydramnios, alloimmunization, rhesus disease, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (IHCP), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). We performed a review of the literature supporting each indication. SELECTION CRITERIA: We identified 1387 abstracts and reviewed 418 full text articles. We preferentially included high-quality systematic reviews or large randomised trials. Where no such studies existed, we included the best evidence available from smaller randomised trials and observational studies. MAIN RESULTS: We included 34 full text articles. For each indication, we assigned levels of evidence and grades of recommendation based upon the GRADE system. Recommendations for induction of labour for post-term gestation, PROM at term, and premature rupture of membranes near term with pulmonary maturity are supported by the evidence. Induction for IUGR before term reduces intrauterine fetal death, but increases caesarean deliveries and neonatal deaths. Evidence is insufficient to support induction for women with insulin-requiring diabetes, twin gestation, fetal macrosomia, oligohydramnios, cholestasis of pregnancy, maternal cardiac disease and fetal gastroschisis. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Research is needed to determine risks and benefits of induction for many commonly advocated clinical indications.
Acute hypopituitarism in a pregnant patient after cardiac gunshot injury.; Sheehan's syndrome is a well described entity that refers to hypopituitarism with pituitary infarction secondary to postpartum shock or hemorrhage. Antepartum pituitary infarction is a very rare condition that has been reported only in patients with longstanding type 1 diabetes mellitus or uncontrolled gestational diabetes. A case of severe, acute hypopituitarism in the setting of hemorrhagic shock from a gunshot wound is presented. Our case report highlights the importance of including hypopituitarism in the differential diagnosis of a critically ill parturient.
Maternal Cardiovascular Disease 3 Decades After Preterm Birth: Longitudinal Cohort Study of Pregnancy Vascular Disorders.; Women who deliver preterm are at risk of cardiovascular disease, but the reason for the association is unclear. We determined whether vascular disorders during pregnancy explain the association between preterm delivery and future maternal cardiovascular disease. We analyzed a longitudinal cohort of 1 199 364 pregnant women with 19 186 983 person-years of follow-up in Quebec between 1989 and 2017. We calculated incidence rates of myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, and other cardiovascular hospitalizations. We used multivariable Cox regression to estimate adjusted hazard ratios and 95% CIs for the association of very and moderate preterm delivery with maternal cardiovascular hospitalization. We determined the proportion of the association that was due to preeclampsia, acute cardiac events at delivery, antepartum/postpartum hemorrhage, and heart defects. The incidence of maternal cardiovascular hospitalization was greater for very (43.7 per 10 000 person-years) and moderate (39.4 per 10 000) preterm delivery compared with term delivery (26.2 per 10 000). Very preterm delivery was associated with 1.67× the risk of cardiovascular hospitalization (95% CI, 1.56-1.79), and moderate preterm delivery was associated with 1.51× the risk (95% CI, 1.46-1.56). Vascular disorders during pregnancy explained 26.2% of the association of very preterm delivery and 24.0% of the association of moderate preterm delivery, with cardiovascular hospitalization. Preeclampsia was the largest contributor to these proportions. We conclude that vascular disorders during pregnancy, especially preeclampsia, explain up to a quarter of the association between preterm delivery and future maternal cardiovascular hospitalization.
Protocol for a multi-site randomised controlled feasibility study investigating intermittently scanned blood continuous glucose monitoring use for gestational diabetes: the RECOGNISE study.; BACKGROUND: Incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing and is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes including macrosomia, pre-eclampsia, and pre-term delivery. Optimum glycaemic control can reduce these adverse perinatal outcomes. Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) informs users about interstitial glucose levels allowing early detection of glycaemic excursions and pharmacological or behavioural intervention. Few adequately powered RCTs to evaluate the impact of using CGM in women with GDM on perinatal outcomes have been undertaken. We aim to establish the feasibility of a multi-site RCT to evaluate the clinical- and cost-effectiveness of an intermittently scanned continuous glucose monitor (isCGM) compared with self-monitored blood glucose (SMBG) in women with GDM for reducing fetal macrosomia and improving maternal and fetal outcomes. We will evaluate recruitment and retention rates, adherence to device requirements, adequacy of data capture and acceptability of trial design and isCGM devices. METHODS: Open-label multicentre randomised controlled feasibility trial. INCLUSION CRITERIA: pregnant women, singleton pregnancy, recent diagnosis of GDM (within 14 days of commencing medication, up to 34 weeks gestation) prescribed metformin and/or insulin. Women will be consecutively recruited and randomised to isCGM (FreestyleLibre2) or SMBG. At every antenatal visit, glucose measurements will be evaluated. The SMBG group will use blinded isCGM for 14 days at baseline (~ 12-32 weeks) and ~ 34-36 weeks. The primary outcome is the recruitment rate and absolute number of women participating. Clinical assessments of maternal and fetal/infant health will be undertaken at baseline, birth, up to ~ 13 weeks post-natal. Psychological, behavioural and health economic measures will be assessed at baseline and ~ 34-36 weeks gestation. Qualitative interviews will be undertaken with study decliners, participants, and professionals to explore trial acceptability, of using isCGM and SMBG. DISCUSSION: GDM can be associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. isCGM could offer a timely, easy-to-engage-with intervention, to improve glycaemic control, potentially reducing adverse pregnancy, birth and long-term health outcomes for mother and child. This study will determine the feasibility of conducting a large-scale multisite RCT of isCGM in women with GDM. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This study has been registered with the ISRCTN (reference: ISRCTN42125256 , Date registered: 07/11/2022).
Sleep Disorders in Pregnancy.; Sleep and pregnancy are dynamic processes with unique and evolving physiological substrates. Given the "restorative hypothesis" of sleep as an anabolic process essential for cellular and tissue regeneration, the largely unexplored role of sleep in gestational physiology and pregnancy outcomes promises to be a fascinating topic. Emerging literature suggests that objectively measured or self-reported short sleep duration may be a risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and cesarean delivery. In this review, we discuss obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and restless legs syndrome (RLS), two sleep disorders prevalent in pregnancy. OSA is especially likely in high-risk pregnancy where it is associated with comorbid cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances. We review new data strongly suggesting that OSA is an independent risk factor for GDM and gestational hypertension. It remains to be seen if sleep disruption, whether or not in the context of gestational RLS and gestational OSA, is a modifiable factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Clinicians are encouraged to query sleep symptoms in pregnant women and to have a low threshold to pursue investigations for OSA, including the subjective symptoms of snoring, witnessed apneas, and daytime sleepiness, and also medical comorbidities, such as chronic hypertension.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease risk: A negative control Mendelian randomization study.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are predictive for future cardiovascular disease risk, but it is unclear whether they play a causal role. We conducted a Mendelian randomization study with males as a negative control population to estimate the associations between genetic liability to adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of coronary artery disease. METHODS: We extracted uncorrelated (R(2)<0.01) single-nucleotide polymorphisms strongly associated (p-value<5e-8) with miscarriage, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preeclampsia, placental abruption, poor fetal growth and preterm birth from relevant genome-wide association studies. Genetic associations with risk of coronary artery disease were extracted separately for females and males. The main analysis was the inverse-variance weighted analysis, while MR Egger, weighted median and weighted mode regression, bidirectional analyses, and the negative control population with males were sensitivity analyses to evaluate bias due to genetic pleiotropy. RESULTS: The number of cases for the adverse pregnancy outcomes ranged from 691 (182,824 controls) for placental abruption to 49,996 (174,109 controls) for miscarriage, and there were 22,997 (310,499 controls) and 54,083 (240,453 controls) cases of coronary artery disease for females and males, respectively. We observed an association between genetic liability to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preeclampsia, and to some extent gestational diabetes, poor fetal growth and preterm birth, with an increased risk of coronary artery disease among females, which was supported by the MR Egger, weighted median and weighted mode regressions. However, in the negative control population of males, we observed largely the same associations as for females. CONCLUSIONS: The associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease risk were likely driven by confounding (e.g., shared genetic liability). Thus, our study does not support the hypothesis that adverse pregnancy outcomes are causal risk factors for cardiovascular diseases.
A scientific review: the role of chromium in insulin resistance.; Chromium is an essential mineral that appears to have a beneficial role in the regulation of insulin action and its effects on carbohydrate, protein and lipid metabolism. Chromium is an important factor for enhancing insulin activity. Studies show that people with type 2 diabetes have lower blood levels of chromium than those without the disease. Insulin resistance is the common denominator in a cluster of cardiovascular disease risk factors. One out of every five Americans has metabolic syndrome. It affects 40% of people in their 60s and 70s. Insulin resistance, with or without the presence of metabolic syndrome, significantly increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance is present in two serious health problems in women; polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes. Several studies have now demonstrated that chromium supplements enhance the metabolic action of insulin and lower some of the risk factors for cardiovascular disease, particularly in overweight individuals. Chromium picolinate, specifically, has been shown to reduce insulin resistance and to help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Dietary chromium is poorly absorbed. Chromium levels decrease with age. Supplements containing 200-1,000 mcg chromium as chromium picolinate a day have been found to improve blood glucose control. Chromium picolinate is the most efficacious form of chromium supplementation. Numerous animal studies and human clinical trials have demonstrated that chromium picolinate supplements are safe.
Effect of hyperglycemia on tbx5a and nppa gene expression and its correlation to structural and functional changes in developing zebrafish heart.; The objective of the current study is to analyze the effects of gestational diabetes on structural and functional changes in correlation with these two essential regulators of developing hearts in vivo using zebrafish embryos. We employed fertilized zebrafish embryos exposed to a hyperglycemic condition of 25 mM glucose for 96 h postfertilization. The embryos were subjected to various structural and functional analyses in a time-course manner. The data showed that exposure to high glucose significantly affected the embryo's size, heart length, heart rate, and looping of the heart compared to the control. Further, we observed an increased incidence of ventricular standstill and valvular regurgitation with a marked reduction of peripheral blood flow in the high glucose-exposed group compared to the control. In addition, the histological data showed that the high-glucose exposure markedly reduced the thickness of the wall and the number of cardiomyocytes in both atrium and ventricles. We also observed striking alterations in the pericardium like edema, increase in diameter with thinning of the wall compared to the control group. Interestingly, the expression of tbx5a and nppa was increased in the early development and found to be repressed in the later stage of development in the hyperglycemic group compared to the control. In conclusion, the developing heart is more susceptible to hyperglycemia in the womb, thereby showing various developmental defects possibly by altering the expression of crucial gene regulators such as tbx5a and nppa.
Hypertensive disorders in normal/over-weight and obese type 2 diabetic pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension is one of the major complications of pregnancy. Its impact in type 2 diabetic pregnant women could be understimated because it is generally evaluated by retrospective studies and as one of the outcome measures. OBJECTIVE: Our aims were: 1) to evaluate the prevalence of hypertensive disease between type 2 diabetic and normal pregnancies; 2) to relate hypertensive disease to body weight in type 2 diabetic pregnancies; 3) to assess the impact of different types of hypertension on pregnancy outcome in type 2 diabetic women. STUDY DESIGN: Seventy-six type 2 diabetic (23 normal-weight, 26 overweight and 27 obese) and sixty normal (43, 15 and 2 respectively; x (2) 0.0001) pregnancies, matched for age and smoking habit. Hypertension was defined as >/=140/90 mmHg and classified in chronic, gestational and pre-eclampsia. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Student's t-test, chi (2), simple, and/or multiple and logistic regression analysis were used when appropriate. Odds ratio was calculated for hypertension. p significant <0.05. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of hypertension was 40.8% (18.4% chronic, 17.1% gestational and 5.3% pre-eclampsia) in type 2 diabetic pregnancies and 10% (8.3% gestational and 1.7% pre-eclampsia) in normal pregnancies (p<0.0001), with an odds ratio of 6.2. All the types of hypertension, significantly chronic, contributed to the higher prevalence. Only in diabetic pregnancies, hypertension was associated with a higher pregestational BMI; whenever BMI increased, chronic and gestational hypertension increased by contrast of pre-eclampsia (chi (2), 0.02). Hypertensive disorders did not affect maternal-fetal outcome. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of hypertension was 40.8% in type 2 diabetic pregnant women whilst it was 10.0% in non diabetic controls. All hypertensive disorders, significantly chronic, were more frequent. Increasing BMI was a crucial factor for chronic and gestational but not for pre-eclampsia. Hypertensive diseases did not seem to affect pregnancy outcome.
Metformin: Sex/Gender Differences in Its Uses and Effects-Narrative Review.; Metformin (MTF) occupies a major and fundamental position in the therapeutic management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Gender differences in some effects and actions of MTF have been reported. Women are usually prescribed lower MTF doses compared to men and report more gastrointestinal side effects. The incidence of cardiovascular events in women on MTF has been found to be lower to that of men on MTF. Despite some promising results with MTF regarding pregnancy rates in women with PCOS, the management of gestational diabetes, cancer prevention or adjunctive cancer treatment and COVID-19, most robust meta-analyses have yet to confirm such beneficial effects.
The health benefits of the great outdoors: A systematic review and meta-analysis of greenspace exposure and health outcomes.; BACKGROUND: The health benefits of greenspaces have demanded the attention of policymakers since the 1800s. Although much evidence suggests greenspace exposure is beneficial for health, there exists no systematic review and meta-analysis to synthesise and quantify the impact of greenspace on a wide range of health outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To quantify evidence of the impact of greenspace on a wide range of health outcomes. METHODS: We searched five online databases and reference lists up to January 2017. Studies satisfying a priori eligibility criteria were evaluated independently by two authors. RESULTS: We included 103 observational and 40 interventional studies investigating ~100 health outcomes. Meta-analysis results showed increased greenspace exposure was associated with decreased salivary cortisol -0.05 (95% CI -0.07, -0.04), heart rate -2.57 (95% CI -4.30, -0.83), diastolic blood pressure -1.97 (95% CI -3.45, -0.19), HDL cholesterol -0.03 (95% CI -0.05, <-0.01), low frequency heart rate variability (HRV) -0.06 (95% CI -0.08, -0.03) and increased high frequency HRV 91.87 (95% CI 50.92, 132.82), as well as decreased risk of preterm birth 0.87 (95% CI 0.80, 0.94), type II diabetes 0.72 (95% CI 0.61, 0.85), all-cause mortality 0.69 (95% CI 0.55, 0.87), small size for gestational age 0.81 (95% CI 0.76, 0.86), cardiovascular mortality 0.84 (95% CI 0.76, 0.93), and an increased incidence of good self-reported health 1.12 (95% CI 1.05, 1.19). Incidence of stroke, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, asthma, and coronary heart disease were reduced. For several non-pooled health outcomes, between 66.7% and 100% of studies showed health-denoting associations with increased greenspace exposure including neurological and cancer-related outcomes, and respiratory mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Greenspace exposure is associated with numerous health benefits in intervention and observational studies. These results are indicative of a beneficial influence of greenspace on a wide range of health outcomes. However several meta-analyses results are limited by poor study quality and high levels of heterogeneity. Green prescriptions involving greenspace use may have substantial benefits. Our findings should encourage practitioners and policymakers to give due regard to how they can create, maintain, and improve existing accessible greenspaces in deprived areas. Furthermore the development of strategies and interventions for the utilisation of such greenspaces by those who stand to benefit the most.
Levels of alpha-fetoprotein during pregnancy and early infancy in normal and disease states.; Alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) was 1 of the first serum protein markers to serve in the dual capacities of tumor marker and fetal defect marker, ie, an oncofetal protein, in the clinical laboratory. Although the serum-marker capacity of AFP has long been used, less is known of the fluid compartments of this oncofetal protein during fetal and perinatal development. In this review, the biologic activities of AFP are discussed in light of its presence in the various biologic fluid compartments: fetal serum, amniotic fluid, cord blood, urine, and maternal serum. AFP concentrations within the biologic fluids are considered in the context of gestational age, sex, body weight, and anatomic location. Discussion follows concerning the relationships and roles of AFP in various developmental disorders such as hypothyroidism, folate deficiencies, autoimmune disorders, acquired immunodeficiency disorder (AIDS), congenital heart defects, cystic fibrosis, preeclampsia/hypertension, and platelet aggregation disorders. Based on its presence in so many types of birth defects, malformations, and congenital anomalies, AFP can be seen to serve as a form of molecular "duct tape" during pregnancy and postnatal development.
Diabetes-induced activation of system y+ and nitric oxide synthase in human endothelial cells: association with membrane hyperpolarization.; 1. The activity of the human endothelial cell L-arginine transporter (system y+) has been correlated with cGMP production (index of nitric oxide) and prostacyclin (PGI2) release in umbilical vein endothelial cells cultured from normal or gestational diabetic pregnancies. 2. In non-diabetic and diabetic cells, transport of L-arginine was Na+ and pH independent, inhibited by other cationic L-arginine analogues and unaffected by neutral amino acids. 3. Diabetes was associated with an increased Vmax for saturable L-arginine transport (4.6 +/- 0.13 vs. 9.9 +/- 0.5 pmol (microgram protein)-1 min-1, P < 0.01), but had no effect on initial rates of transport for L-serine, L-citrulline, L-leucine or 2-deoxyglucose. 4. In non-diabetic and diabetic cells, elevated K+ resulted in a concentration-dependent inhibition in the initial rates of transport for L-arginine and the membrane potential-sensitive probe tetra[3H]phenylphosphonium (TPP+). 5. When resting membrane potential was measured using the whole-cell patch voltage clamp technique, diabetic cells were hyperpolarized (-78 +/- 0.3 mV) compared with non-diabetic cells (-70 +/- 0.04 mV, P < 0.04). Accumulation of [3H]TPP+ was also increased in diabetic compared with non-diabetic cells. 6. Basal intracellular cGMP levels were elevated 2.5-fold in diabetic cells, and L-NAME (100 microM), an inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase, abolished basal cGMP accumulation in non-diabetic and diabetic cells. 7. Histamine (10 microM) had no effect on L-arginine transport but evoked significant increases in cGMP in non-diabetic and diabetic cells, which were completely inhibited by L-NAME but unaffected by superoxide dismutase. 8. Basal and histamine-stimulated PGI2 release was decreased markedly in diabetic cells. 9. Our findings demonstrate that gestational diabetes is associated with phenotypic changes in fetal endothelial cells, which result in a membrane hyperpolarization, activation of the human endothelial cell L-arginine transporter (system y+), elevation of basal nitric oxide synthesis and decreased PGI2 production.
[Different Symptoms and Course of Coronary Heart Disease in Men and Women].; According to the federal statistical office, cardiovascular disorders are still the leading cause of death in Germany. Chronic ischemic heart disease and acute myocardial infarction are the most important subgroups. In addition to evidence-based and personalized medicine, in recent years gender medicine has been established as an independent research area. Gender differences are evident in the majority of prevalent diseases, including cardiovascular disorders. The following article provides an insight into the diagnostically and therapeutically specific aspects of coronary heart disease in men and women.
Physician management in primary care.; Minimal explicit consensus criteria in the management of patients with four indicator conditions were established by an ad hoc committee of primary care physicians practicing in different locations. These criteria were then applied to the practices of primary care physicians located in a single community by abstracting medical records and obtaining questionnaire data about patients with the indicator conditions. A standardized management score for each physician was used as the dependent variable in stepwise regression analysis with physician/practice and patient/disease characteristics as the candidate independent variables. For all physicians combined, the mean management scores were high, ranging from .78 to .93 for the four conditions. For two of the conditions, care of the normal infant and pregnant woman, the management scores were better for pediatricians and obstetricians respectively than for family physicians. For the other two conditions, adult onset diabetes and congestive heart failure, there were no differences between the management scores of family physicians and internists. Patient/disease characteristics did not contribute significantly to explaining the variation in the standardized management scores.
Transposition of the great arteries.; Transposition of the great arteries (TGA), also referred to as complete transposition, is a congenital cardiac malformation characterised by atrioventricular concordance and ventriculoarterial (VA) discordance. The incidence is estimated at 1 in 3,500-5,000 live births, with a male-to-female ratio 1.5 to 3.2:1. In 50% of cases, the VA discordance is an isolated finding. In 10% of cases, TGA is associated with noncardiac malformations. The association with other cardiac malformations such as ventricular septal defect (VSD) and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction is frequent and dictates timing and clinical presentation, which consists of cyanosis with or without congestive heart failure. The onset and severity depend on anatomical and functional variants that influence the degree of mixing between the two circulations. If no obstructive lesions are present and there is a large VSD, cyanosis may go undetected and only be perceived during episodes of crying or agitation. In these cases, signs of congestive heart failure prevail. The exact aetiology remains unknown. Some associated risk factors (gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal exposure to rodenticides and herbicides, maternal use of antiepileptic drugs) have been postulated. Mutations in growth differentiation factor-1 gene, the thyroid hormone receptor-associated protein-2 gene and the gene encoding the cryptic protein have been shown implicated in discordant VA connections, but they explain only a small minority of TGA cases.The diagnosis is confirmed by echocardiography, which also provides the morphological details required for future surgical management. Prenatal diagnosis by foetal echocardiography is possible and desirable, as it may improve the early neonatal management and reduce morbidity and mortality. Differential diagnosis includes other causes of central neonatal cyanosis. Palliative treatment with prostaglandin E1 and balloon atrial septostomy are usually required soon after birth. Surgical correction is performed at a later stage. Usually, the Jatene arterial switch operation is the procedure of choice. Whenever this operation is not feasible, adequate alternative surgical approach should be implemented. With the advent of newer and improved surgical techniques and post operative intensive care, the long-term survival is approximately 90% at 15 years of age. However, the exercise performance, cognitive function and quality of life may be impaired.
Long-Term Cardiovascular Morbidity in Children Born Following Fertility Treatment.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the risk of long-term cardiovascular disease (CVD) among children born following in vitro fertilization (IVF) and compared with spontaneous pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort study including all singleton deliveries occurring between 1991and 2014 at a tertiary medical center was performed. Hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years involving CVD were evaluated in children delivered following IVF, ovulation induction, and spontaneous pregnancies. CVD included valvular disorders, hypertension, arrhythmias, rheumatic disease, cardiomyopathy, ischemic heart disease, and heart failure. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were used to compare cumulative morbidity incidence, and a Cox regression model controlled for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period, 242 187 singleton deliveries met the inclusion criteria; 1.1% following IVF (n = 2603), and 0.7% following ovulation induction (n = 1721). Hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years involving CVD (n = 1503) were comparable in children delivered following IVF (0.6%), ovulation induction (0.7%), and spontaneous pregnancies (0.6%; P = .884). No significant difference in the cumulative incidence of CVD was noted between the groups (log rank P = .781). Controlling for maternal age, gestational age, birthweight, maternal diabetes, and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, fertility treatment was not noted as a risk factor for long-term pediatric CVD (IVF adjusted hazard ratio 1.05, 95% CI 0.63-1.74, P = .86; ovulation induction adjusted hazard ratio 0.97, CI 95% 0.55-1.71, P = .92). CONCLUSIONS: Singletons conceived via fertility treatments do not appear to be at an increased risk of long-term pediatric CVD.
Increased risk of multiple pregnancy complications following large-scale power outages during Hurricane Sandy in New York State.; BACKGROUND: Large-scale power outages (PO) are increasing in the context of climate change. Although some research has been conducted into the adverse health impacts of POs, significant gaps remain regarding whether POs would affect the health of pregnant women. We investigated the association between ED visits due to pregnancy complications and the occurence, intensity, and duration of large-scale POs in eight Sandy-affected counties in New York State (NYS). METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, daily ED visits for pregnancy complications and large-scale PO data in eight counties in NYS from October to December in 2005-2014 were collected. Using time-series analysis, we estimated the relative increase in ED visits for pregnancy complications during POs compared with non-PO periods at lag 0-7 days. Short-term health impacts of PO intensity and PO duration were investigated. Estimations were also stratified by sociodemographic characteristics and disease subtypes including threatened or spontaneous abortion, threatened or early labor, hypertension complications, infections of genitourinary tract, renal diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus, mental illnesses, and cardiovascular diseases during pregnancy. RESULTS: From October to December in 2005-2014, there were 307,739 ED visits for pregnancy complications in the eight counties. We found significant increases in ED visits for overall pregnancy complications (16.6%, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 10.3%, 23.2%) during the Hurricane-PO period at lag 0-7 days. The ED visits increased by 8.8% per level increase in PO intensity and 1.4% per day increase in PO duration. Specifically, threatened/early delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus during the PO period increased by 26.7% (95% CI: 8.2%, 48.4%) and 111.8% (95% CI: 16.7%, 284.4%), respectively. Young adult, Black, Hispanic, and uninsured individuals were at higher risk of complications. CONCLUSIONS: POs may adversely impact pregnancy, especially for certain pregnancy complications and among low sociodemographic women.
Inherited thrombophilia as a risk factor for the development of ischemic stroke in young adults.; INTRODUCTION: Several recent studies have analyzed a possible effect of thrombophilia risk factors such as factor V Leiden, the prothrombin variant (allele 20210 A), and homozygosity for thermolabile methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR-T) on the development of ischemic stroke (IS). In the present study, we determined the role of these prothrombotic polymorphisms in the early onset of arterial IS or cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) in a group of young Brazilian adults of Caucasian and African descent. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional study of 167 survivors of IS (153 patients with arterial IS and 14 cases of CVT; 66 men: 101 women; 124 of Caucasian and 43 of African origin; median age: 32.6 years; range: 15 to 45 years) and compared the prevalence of inherited thrombophilia risk factors with a control group of 225 sex and age matched individuals of the same ethnic background. To determine the interaction with atherogenic risk factors, the following diagnoses were considered: hypertension, hyperlipoproteinemia, diabetes mellitus, smoking status and use of oral contraceptives. RESULTS: In the arterial IS group, no significant variation was found between patients and controls of Caucasian origin regarding the prevalence of factor V Leiden (P = 0.92), the prothrombin variant (P = 0.13) or homozygosity for MTHFR-T (P = 0.61). Among Brazilians of African descent, 10.3% were homozygous for MTHFR-T, which was significantly elevated, odds ratio of 5.9 (95% CI: 0.88 to 49.15). In the CVT group, two Caucasian patients (20%) were heterozygous for the prothrombin variant, odds ratio of 9.7 (95% CI: 0.95 to 89.71) and one patient was carrier of factor V Leiden (P = 0.49). No prothrombotic polymorphism was identified in patients with CVT of African descent. All women in the CVT group were in use of oral contraceptives or in the post-partum state. DISCUSSION: Inherited thrombophilia risk factors were not found to increase the risk of arterial IS among young patients of Caucasian descent. However, a potential role of homozygosity for MTHFR-T was observed in a small group of patients of African origin. The analysis of patients with CVT revealed an increased risk due to the prothrombin gene variant or oral contraceptive use. Further studies including all incoming patients with IS are necessary to evaluate the impact of inherited thrombophilia risk factors on early mortality.
The risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: Tehran lipid and glucose study.; BACKGROUND: In 2013 American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association released a guideline on the management of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) including a composite of death from CVD, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke (hard CVD). This guideline recommended a risk score that was calculated using pooled cohort equations (ASCVD-PCE). The guideline was updated in 2018/2019 and further risk discussion was suggested for deciding whether to continue or initiate statin therapy among non-diabetic individuals with ASCVD-PCE score ranged 5-20%. They recommended a risk discussion with considering risk enhancing factors (ASCVD-REFs) including family history of premature CVD, chronic kidney disease, triglycerides ≥ 175 mg/dl, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) ≥ 160 mg/dl, metabolic syndrome (Mets), and for women premature menopause, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). In the current study, we aimed to examine the predictability of recommended ASCVD-REFs on incident hard CVD in non-diabetic individuals with LDL-C 70-189 mg/dl, with ASCVD-PCE risk 5-20% during 10 and 15-year follow-up. METHODS: Among a total of 3546 non-diabetic individuals aged 40-75 years, after excluding those with ASCVD-PCE score < 5% and ≥ 20% (n = 2342), 1204 individuals (women = 332) were included. The univariable and multivariable (further adjusted for ASCVD-PCE) Cox regression analysis were used to evaluate the association of each potential ASCVD-REFs with hard CVD. Additionnaly, the role of different components of Mets and a history of gestational diabetes (GDM)/macrosomia was also examined. The predictive ability of each significant ASCVD-REFs, then was evaluated by the discrimination accuracy and risk reclassification index. RESULTS: During the 10-year follow-up, 73 hard CVD events occurred. Although in univariable analysis, high blood pressure (BP) component of Mets, GDM/macrosomia, and HDP remained as significant ASCVD-REFs, in the multivariable analysis, only the history of HDP (5.35 (1.22-23.38)) and GDM/macrosomia (3.18 (1.05-9.65)) showed independent risks. During the 15-year follow-up, Mets (1.47 (1.05-2.06)) and its components of high waist circumference (1.40 (1.0-1.95)) and high BP (1.52 (1.07-2.15)) significantly increased the risk. These ASCVD-REFs did not improve discrimination or predictive ability. CONCLUSIONS: In a decade follow-up, only conditions specific for women and in longer follow-up, the presence of Mets perse, and its components of high WC and high BP were shown as significant ASCVD-REFs.
Cord Blood Adipocyte Fatty Acid-Binding Protein Levels Correlate With Gestational Age and Birth Weight in Neonates.; CONTEXT: Infants born small for gestational age (SGA) have increased risk for obesity and metabolic syndrome, but the underlying mechanisms are not fully elucidated. Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (AFABP) is an adipokine that has been implicated in modulation of insulin sensitivity and lipid metabolism. Higher plasma AFABP levels are associated with increased risk of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular morbidity in adults. Alterations in AFABP levels during fetal growth have not been characterized. OBJECTIVE: To examine AFABP levels in neonatal cord blood in relation to gestational age and birth weight. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study of 361 neonates born at a tertiary academic center. OUTCOME MEASURES: Plasma AFABP levels were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. For comparison, venous samples from 26 adults were analyzed. RESULTS: AFABP levels were higher in neonates compared with adults (P < 0.01). Preterm infants had higher AFABP levels [48.2 (31.2 to 73.3) ng/mL] compared with full-term infants [35.8 (25.1 to 51.5)] ng/mL, P < 0.01). There was a negative correlation between AFABP and gestational age (r = 0.28, P = 0.02). Among full-term infants, AFABP levels in SGA infants were lower [28.6 (24.2 to 37.3) ng/mL], compared with appropriate for gestational age [36.1 (25.5 to 50.4) ng/mL] and large for gestational age infants [45.0 (24.6 to 62.4) ng/mL, P < 0.05]. CONCLUSIONS: These associations may reflect the higher metabolic activity during fetal development. AFABP may also be involved in fetal growth and the association between SGA status and obesity and metabolic syndrome in later life.
Surveillance for diabetes mellitus--United States, 1980-1989.; PROBLEM/CONDITION: In the United States, diabetes mellitus is the most important cause of lower-extremity amputation and end-stage renal disease; the major cause of blindness among working-age adults; a major cause of disability, premature mortality, congenital malformations, perinatal mortality, and health-care costs; and an important risk factor for the development of many other acute and chronic conditions (e.g., diabetic ketoacidosis, ischemic heart disease, stroke). Surveillance data describing diabetes and its complications are critical to increasing recognition of the public health burden of diabetes, formulating health-care policy, identifying high-risk groups, developing strategies to reduce the burden of this disease, and evaluating progress in disease prevention and control. REPORTING PERIOD COVERED: In this report, data are summarized from CDC's diabetes surveillance system; trends in diabetes and its complications are evaluated by age, sex, and race for the years 1980-1989. DESCRIPTION OF SYSTEM: CDC has established an ongoing and evolving surveillance system to analyze and compile periodic, representative data on the disease burden of diabetes and its complications in the United States. Data sources currently include vital statistics, the National Health Interview Survey, the National Hospital Discharge Survey, and Medicare claims data for end-stage renal disease. RESULTS AND INTERPRETATION: In 1989, approximately 6.7 million persons in the United States reported that they had diabetes mellitus, and a similar number probably had this disabling chronic disease without being aware of it. The disease burden of diabetes and its complications is large and is likely to increase as the population grows older. Effective primary, secondary, and tertiary prevention strategies are needed, and these efforts need to be intensified among groups at highest risk, including blacks. Important gaps exist in periodic and representative data for describing the disease burden. ACTIONS TAKEN: CDC is assisting diabetes control programs in 26 states and one territory. These programs attempt to reduce the burden of diabetes by preventing blindness, lower-extremity amputations, cardiovascular disease, and adverse outcomes of pregnancy among persons with diabetes. Because of important limitations in measuring the burden of diabetes, CDC is exploring sources of surveillance data for blindness, adverse outcomes of pregnancy, and the public health burden of diabetes among minority groups.
Lipid metabolism during pregnancy: consequences for mother and child.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Accommodating fetal growth and development, women undergo multiple physiological changes during pregnancy. In recent years, several studies contributed to the accumulating evidence about the impact of gestational hyperlipidemia on cardiovascular risk for mother and child. This review aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the current research on lipid profile alterations during pregnancy and its associated (cardiovascular) outcomes for mother and child from a clinical perspective. RECENT FINDINGS: In a normal pregnancy, total and LDL-cholesterol levels increase by approximately 30-50%, HDL-cholesterol by 20-40%, and triglycerides by 50-100%. In some women, for example, with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH), a more atherogenic lipid profile is observed. Dyslipidemia during pregnancy is found to be associated with adverse (cardiovascular) outcomes for the mother (e.g. preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, unfavorable lipid profile) and for the child (e.g. preterm birth, large for gestational age, preatherosclerotic lesions, unfavorable lipid profile). SUMMARY: The lipid profile of women during pregnancy provides a unique window of opportunity into the potential future cardiovascular risk for mother and child. Better knowledge about adverse outcomes and specific risk groups could lead to better risk assessment and earlier cardiovascular prevention. Future research should investigate implementation of gestational screening possibilities.
EMS Diabetic Protocols For Treat and Release.; For prehospital providers, there are several causes for the patient with altered mental status or being unconscious to include the mnemonic AEIOU TIPS for Alcohol and acidosis, Endocrine, Epilepsy, Electrolytes, Encephalopathy, Infection, Opiates, Overdose, Uremia, Underdose, Trauma (head injury and blood loss), Insulin, Poisoning, Psychosis, Stroke, Seizure, and Syncope. Hypoglycemia, or low blood glucose level, is one of the most common causes of altered mental status for patients with and without diabetes. Estimates are that 1 to 2 percent of prehospital encounters and 7% of refusals are for hypoglycemia. Diabetes mellitus often referred to as "diabetes" or "sugar" by laypeople is the most common endocrine disorder where the body does not either produce enough insulin or has a resistance to the circulating insulin, and is characterized by high blood sugar levels over prolonged periods. The three main types of diabetes are type I (previously referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or juvenile-onset), type II (formerly referred to as non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or adult-onset) and gestational. Insulin is an anabolic hormone produced in the beta cells of the pancreatic islets. The primary function of insulin is to regulate the metabolism of carbohydrates, protein, and fat through the absorption of glucose sugar from the blood into the liver, fat, and skeletal muscle cells. These small glucose molecules are then converted into larger molecules and stored for later usage.  Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus (T1DM) This condition is commonly referred to as insulin-dependent diabetes or previously as childhood/adolescent-onset diabetes. It accounts for approximately 5% to 10% of all cases of diabetes. It can be related to the autoimmune destruction of insulin-producing beta cells in the islets of the pancreas from different causes, including genetic susceptivity, viral illness, toxins or alcohol-induced pancreatitis, or some dietary factors.  The age group affected is usually children and adolescents, but adults can develop T1DM.  As the name "insulin-dependent" implies, it requires the administration of subcutaneous insulin via intermittent injections or pump infusion. Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) This variant is commonly referred to as non-insulin diabetes or previously as adult-onset diabetes.  It accounts for approximately 90% of all cases of diabetes.  It is related to the desensitization of insulin/insulin resistance (response to insulin becomes diminished) in various tissues. Initially, there is an increase in insulin production, but this decreases over time. T2DM most commonly presents in persons older than 45 years, but it increasingly occurs in children, adolescents, and younger adults due to rising levels of obesity, physical inactivity, and energy-dense diets. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) Hyperglycemia first detected during pregnancy is classified as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Although it can occur anytime during pregnancy, GDM generally affects pregnant women during the second and third trimesters. According to the American Diabetes Association (ADA), GDM complicates 7% of all pregnancies. Women with GDM and their offspring have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus in the future.  Types of Therapies Therapy for hyperglycemia is dependant upon how much insulin the body is producing, or how well that insulin that is produced is working.  The majority of patients with T2DM will be on an oral type of medication.  Patients with T1DM will be on a combination of either long-acting insulin with short-acting as a sliding scale, intermediate-acting insulin with short-acting insulin as a sliding scale, combination premixed insulin, or be on an insulin pump. Hypoglycemia  One of the public health concerns for diabetes mellitus and unintended complications for the reduction in blood glucose levels is hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia, by definition, is a plasma glucose concentration below 70 mg/dL, with most patients not having signs or symptoms until the plasma glucose concentrations drop below 55 mg/dL. Low plasma glucose concentration that requires assistance from another individual qualifies as severe hypoglycemia, and by context, all EMS encounters fall into this category.  There has been an increase in morbidity (poor quality of life, series falls or car accidents, dementia, and hospitalization) and mortality related to severe hypoglycemia.  Based upon 2015 data from NEMSIS, prehospital activation for diabetes-related cases accounts for about 2.3% of all activations, with the primary EMS encounter being hypoglycemia. Patients experiencing severe hypoglycemia or other diabetes-related concerns typically reach out for help by calling 911 who may dispatch a fire department or EMS agency depending on the jurisdiction. Care is then provided by the first on scene provider who may be an emergency medical technician (EMT) intermediate or advanced emergency medical technician (IEMT or AEMT) or paramedic. Treat and release versus transport of patients with hypoglycemia by EMS providers depends on the clinical guidelines or protocols from either the state or regional level by medical directors. It is important to understand that patients with severe hypoglycemia are at a higher risk of having complications related to the hypoglycemic state.  Villani et al. indicated that approximately 50% of patients with severe hypoglycemia required transport to the hospital, and of that group, 41.3% were admitted to the hospital.  One of the first studies on the topic of treating and releasing hypoglycemic patients in the field was "Development and Evaluation of Criteria Allowing Paramedics to Treat and Release Patients Presenting with Hypoglycemia: A Retrospective Study" published in Prehospital and Disaster Medicine in 1991. Their study design proposed five criteria that would allow for appropriate release that would not require additional treatment from prehospital providers to include: 1. The patient has a history of type 1 or type 2 diabetes. 2. Blood sugar prior to treatment is below 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 3. Blood sugar after treatment is equal to or greater than 4.4 mmol/L or 80 mg/dL. 4. The patient has a normal mental status within 10 minutes of treatment. . 5. The patient does not have any other complicating factors that required ED evaluation to such alcohol, chest pain, dyspnea, injuries related to falls, and/or renal dialysis. A 2016 study by Rostykus et al. reviewed prehospital clinical guidelines for hypoglycemia in 185 EMS agencies in the United States.  It revealed that less than half allowed for non-transport of patients with hypoglycemia after the low plasma glucose level was corrected. A study by Moffet et al. looked at hypoglycemic patients treated by EMS in Alameda County from 2013 to 2015 and found that the transport rate was 13.5%. The demographic trends for those non-transported patients were adult patients < 60 years of age, males, finger stick blood glucose levels > 60 mg/dl, and EMS arrival times between 1800 and 0600.
Women's Knowledge of Future Cardiovascular Risk Associated With Complications of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Several common pregnancy conditions significantly increase a woman's risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Patient education and interventions aimed at awareness and self-management of cardiovascular risk factors may help modify future cardiovascular risk. The aim of this systematic review was to examine education interventions for cardiovascular risk after pregnancy, clinical measures/scales, and knowledge outcomes in published qualitative and quantitative studies. METHODS: Five databases were searched (from inception to June 2023). Studies including interventions and validated and nonvalidated measures of awareness/knowledge of future cardiovascular risk among women after complications of pregnancy were considered. Quality was rated using the Mixed Methods Appraisal Tool. Results were analyzed using the Synthesis Without Meta-analysis reporting guideline. Characteristics of interventions were reported using the Template for Intervention Description and Replication. Fifteen studies were included; 3 were randomized controlled trials. RESULTS: In total, 1623 women had a recent or past diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and/or premature birth. Of the 7 studies that used online surveys or questionnaires, 2 reported assessing psychometric properties of tools. Four studies used diverse educational interventions (pamphlets, information sheets, in-person group sessions, and an online platform with health coaching). Overall, women had a low level of knowledge about their future CVD risk. Interventions were effective in increasing this knowledge. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, women have a low level of knowledge of risk of CVD after pregnancy complications. To increase this level of knowledge and self-management, this population has a strong need for psychometrically validated tailored education interventions.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk.; Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors.
Acute myocardial infarction in women.; Although CHD is the leading cause of death in women, little is known about their response to and recovery from an acute MI. The medical and nursing care offered to women following an MI is based primarily on research studies of men. Few studies have included only women, and those that have compared women and men are limited by sample sizes that are too small for meaningful comparisons and study variables that reflect men's concerns (e.g., specific risk factors or return to work issues). Women's cardiovascular anatomy and physiology differ somewhat from men's. Women average smaller chests, hearts, and coronary artery vessel diameters and different body fat distributions. Their cardiovascular systems are designed to adapt to the extraordinary demands of pregnancy and childbirth and do so by modifying diastolic, rather than systolic, function. Similar physiologic changes are often seen in response to exercise. Women's higher levels of estrogen and progesterone influence lipid metabolism and hormone receptor activity. Thus, diagnostic tests that are based on research with men (e.g., ECGs and exercise stress tests), show more false-positive and false-negative results in women. Additionally, therapeutic interventions (e.g., PTCA and CABG) that were developed for men have been less effective for women. CHD is apparently expressed differently in women. Diabetes mellitus is a strong, independent risk factor for CHD in women and results in a risk similar to that of nondiabetic men. More women present with angina as an initial manifestation of CHD than with MI and rarely have sudden cardiac death. Women experience more complications than men and a higher mortality following acute MI. They derive less benefit from medical or surgical therapy and experience more side effects. Many aspects of women's response to acute MI reflect gender rather than biologic differences. Women's worlds, the sociocultural contexts within which they live, and their activities are qualitatively different from men's. The nursing care offered to women should be based on sound scientific rationale that responds to these unique experiences and concerns.
Complications and challenges associated with polycystic ovary syndrome: current perspectives.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) represents the most common endocrine dysfunction in fertile women and it is considered a heterogeneous and multifaceted disorder, with multiple reproductive and metabolic phenotypes which differently affect the early- and long-term syndrome's risks. Women with PCOS present an adverse reproductive profile, including a high risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Patients with PCOS present not only a higher prevalence of classic cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, and type-2 diabetes mellitus, but also of nonclassic cardiovascular risk factors, including mood disorders, such as depression and anxiety. Moreover, at the moment, clinical data on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women with PCOS are controversial. Finally, women with PCOS show an increased risk of endometrial cancer compared to non-PCOS healthy women, particularly during premenopausal period. Currently, we are unable to clarify if the increased PCOS early- and long-term risks are totally due to PCOS per se or mostly due to obesity, in particular visceral obesity, that characterized the majority of PCOS patients. In any case, the main endocrine and gynecological scientific societies agree to consider women with PCOS at increased risk of obstetric, cardiometabolic, oncology, and psychological complications throughout life, and it is recommended that these women be accurately assessed with periodic follow-up.
Acute cortical blindness in preeclampsia--a case of reversible posterior encephalopathy syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Cortical blindness is one the most disturbing symptoms of reversible posterior encephalopathy syndrome in preeclamptic and eclamptic patients. The disease has been previously associated with a hypertensive breakthrough in the autoregulation of posterior cerebral arterioles followed by extravasation of the fluid into the brain tissue. CASE: 22-year-old primigravida in the 39th week of gestation diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus presented with mild preeclampsia and was admitted to our hospital. Antihypertensive treatment was initiated. Her blood pressure remained between 120/80 to 140/90 mm Hg. Glucose levels were within acceptable range. Before the labor induction she developed acute cortical blindness. Magnetic resonance imaging showed vasogenic edema localized in occipital lobes. Cesarean section was performed and anti-edematous treatment initiated. Blindness resolved by the fifth day postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Reversible posterior encephalopathy developed in our patient in spite of normalized blood pressure that remained within autoregulation limits. Alternative pathogenesis and precipitating factors are discussed.
Update in mortality in GH-treated patients.; During GH therapy for 2.3-9.6 years, male adult-onset GH-deficient patients with a diagnosis of a nonfunctioning adenoma have no increased all-cause mortality. However, women with adult-onset GH deficiency (GHD) are still at slightly higher risk. This general improvement in mortality is due to a more contemporary regimen of cardiovascular drugs, a refinement of surgical procedures, besides the introduction of GH therapy improved hormone replacement regimens with lowered glucocorticoid replacement, updated approaches of sex steroids for women, and less use of cranial radiotherapy. The underlying disease is the most important predictor for mortality: eg, a craniopharyngioma, malignant causes of hypopituitarism, previous Cushing's disease, and the presence of diabetes insipidus/aggressive tumors. The main cause of increased mortality was cerebrovascular diseases and infectious/respiratory diseases in ACTH-deficient patients. Furthermore, there was a significant impact of young age at disease onset and of death from secondary brain tumors, with a higher risk after cranial radiotherapy. Reports on four cohorts of GH-treated childhood-onset GHD patients have been published. Two of them included only patients with idiopathic isolated GHD, neurosecretory dysfunction, idiopathic short stature, or being born short for gestational age. Increased mortality in circulatory disorders, ill-defined diseases, and bone cancer were recorded in one study, but not in the other smaller study, where suicide and accidents caused the majority of deaths. A third childhood-onset GHD cohort included patients with a background of malignant tumors, craniopharyngioma, pituitary adenomas, pituitary aplasia/hypoplasia, and trauma. An increase of all-cause mortality was recorded in both males and females. The fourth cohort included isolated GHD and idiopathic short stature (60%), but also diagnosis of chronic renal failure and Turner's syndrome. In these latter studies, an underlying serious condition was the most important factor for death, with central nervous system tumors (recurrent or new tumor) being the leading cause of mortality.
A new case of holoprosencephaly-polydactyly syndrome with alobar holoprosencephaly, preaxial polydactyly and congenital glaucoma.; We report a case of a female baby born at 34 weeks of gestation. Birth weight was 1760 g (10th-25th centile), length 41cm (10th-25th centile) and head circumference 27cm (< 10th centile). Clinical examination revealed microcephaly, hypotelorism, micrognathia, a flat rudimentary nose, high palate, thick dysplastic low-set ears, a short neck, preaxial polydactyly of the right hand, and overriding toes. Investigations showed bilateral congenital glaucoma, alobar holoprosencephaly, severe ventriculomegaly and absence midline structures of the brain, a large atrial septal defect. The karyotype was 46,XX. The case was also diagnosed as having holoprosencephaly-polydactyly syndrome (pseudotrisomy 13) because she had alobar holoprosencephaly, preaxial polydactyly, facial dysmorfism (hypotelorism, micrognathia, a flat rudimentary nose, high palate, thick dysplastic low-set ears) and normal karyotype.
IDF Diabetes Atlas: Global estimates of diabetes prevalence for 2017 and projections for 2045.; INTRODUCTION: Since the year 2000, IDF has been measuring the prevalence of diabetes nationally, regionally and globally. AIM: To produce estimates of the global burden of diabetes and its impact for 2017 and projections for 2045. METHODS: A systematic literature review was conducted to identify published studies on the prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy in the period from 1990 to 2016. The highest quality studies on diabetes prevalence were selected for each country. A logistic regression model was used to generate age-specific prevalence estimates or each country. Estimates for countries without data were extrapolated from similar countries. RESULTS: It was estimated that in 2017 there are 451 million (age 18-99 years) people with diabetes worldwide. These figures were expected to increase to 693 million) by 2045. It was estimated that almost half of all people (49.7%) living with diabetes are undiagnosed. Moreover, there was an estimated 374 million people with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and it was projected that almost 21.3 million live births to women were affected by some form of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy. In 2017, approximately 5 million deaths worldwide were attributable to diabetes in the 20-99 years age range. The global healthcare expenditure on people with diabetes was estimated to be USD 850 billion in 2017. CONCLUSION: The new estimates of diabetes prevalence, deaths attributable to diabetes and healthcare expenditure due to diabetes present a large social, financial and health system burden across the world.
Adult consequences of fetal growth restriction.; Low birthweight in relation to the length of gestation, is now known to be associated with increased rates of coronary heart disease and the related disorders stroke, hypertension and type 2 diabetes. These associations extend across the whole range of birthweight, which implies that normal variations in nutrient delivery to the fetus have profound long-term effects. The associations are thought to reflect the body's plasticity during development, by which its structure and function can be permanently changed by the intra uterine and early post natal environment. Slow growth during infancy and rapid weight gain after the age of two years exacerbate the effect of slow fetal growth. Cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes arise through a series of interactions between environmental influences and the pathways of development that precede them.
Optimal glycemic control, pre-eclampsia, and gestational hypertension in women with type 1 diabetes in the diabetes and pre-eclampsia intervention trial.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between glycemic control, pre-eclampsia, and gestational hypertension in women with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Pregnancy outcome (pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension) was assessed prospectively in 749 women from the randomized controlled Diabetes and Pre-eclampsia Intervention Trial (DAPIT). HbA(1c) (A1C) values were available up to 6 months before pregnancy (n = 542), at the first antenatal visit (median 9 weeks) (n = 721), at 26 weeks' gestation (n = 592), and at 34 weeks' gestation (n = 519) and were categorized as optimal (<6.1%: referent), good (6.1-6.9%), moderate (7.0-7.9%), and poor (≥8.0%) glycemic control, respectively. RESULTS: Pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension developed in 17 and 11% of pregnancies, respectively. Women who developed pre-eclampsia had significantly higher A1C values before and during pregnancy compared with women who did not develop pre-eclampsia (P < 0.05, respectively). In early pregnancy, A1C ≥ 8.0% was associated with a significantly increased risk of pre-eclampsia (odds ratio 3.68 [95% CI 1.17-11.6]) compared with optimal control. At 26 weeks' gestation, A1C values ≥ 6.1% (good: 2.09 [1.03-4.21]; moderate: 3.20 [1.47-7.00]; and poor: 3.81 [1.30-11.1]) and at 34 weeks' gestation A1C values ≥ 7.0% (moderate: 3.27 [1.31-8.20] and poor: 8.01 [2.04-31.5]) significantly increased the risk of pre-eclampsia compared with optimal control. The adjusted odds ratios for pre-eclampsia for each 1% decrement in A1C before pregnancy, at the first antenatal visit, at 26 weeks' gestation, and at 34 weeks' gestation were 0.88 (0.75-1.03), 0.75 (0.64-0.88), 0.57 (0.42-0.78), and 0.47 (0.31-0.70), respectively. Glycemic control was not significantly associated with gestational hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Women who developed pre-eclampsia had significantly higher A1C values before and during pregnancy. These data suggest that optimal glycemic control both early and throughout pregnancy may reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia in women with type 1 diabetes.
Effect of alpha-lipoic acid supplementation on the lipid profile and lipid ratios in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A clinical trial study.; BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that Oxidative stress has been shown to plays an important role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) etiology. On the other hand, women with GDM are at an increased risk for complications such as endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular diseases. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effects of alpha-lipoic acid (ALA) on the maternal circulating values of lipid profile and lipid ratios in women with GDM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Sixty women with GDM were participated in the present study. The ALA group (n = 30) received ALA (100 mg/day) and the placebo group (n = 30) received cellulose acetate (100 mg/day) for eight wk. The maternal circulating values of hemoglobin A1C, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index, atherogenic index of plasma (AIP), non-HDL-C, and lipid ratios were assessed before and after the intervention. P-value  <  0.05 was considered as statistically significant. RESULTS: The values of TyG index (p  <  0.001), TG (p = 0.006), TG/HDL-C (p = 0.003), and AIP (p = 0.005) decreased significantly in the ALA group after the intervention. CONCLUSION: Maternal circulating values of TyG index, TG, TG/HDL, AIP decreased after eight wk of ALA supplementation in women with GDM.
Incidence, Risk Factors, and Outcomes of Neonatal Renal Vein Thrombosis in Ontario: Population-Based Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: There are limited data at a population level on the burden, risk factors, and long-term outcomes of neonatal renal vein thrombosis (nRVT). We conducted a population-based cohort study to understand the epidemiology and outcomes of nRVT over a 25-year period in Ontario. METHODS: Using linked administrative health databases, all hospitalized neonates ≤28 days born in Ontario between 1992 and 2016 with nRVT were identified. The primary outcome was to calculate the incidence of nRVT and trend over time in Ontario. We also determined the risk factors associated with nRVT as well as the risk of long-term outcomes after nRVT, including CKD, ESKD, all-cause mortality, and hypertension (HTN) compared with the healthy neonatal population without nRVT. RESULTS: The annual incidence rate of nRVT was 2.6 per 100,000 live births (n=85). Presence of respiratory distress syndrome (OR, 8.01; 95% CI, 4.90 to 13.1), congenital heart disease (OR, 9.1; 95% CI, 5.05 to 16.4), central venous catheterization (OR, 3.9; 95% CI, 1.89 to 7.93), maternal preeclampsia (OR, 2.8; 95% CI, 1.6 to 4.79), and maternal diabetes (OR, 2.36; 95% CI, 1.36 to 4.07) conferred the highest risk for nRVT. Over a median follow-up of 15 years and after adjusting for confounders, neonates with nRVT versus the comparator cohort had a 15.5-fold risk of CKD, HTN, or death (n=49 [58%] versus n=90,050 [3%]; 95% CI, 11.7 to 20.6); 12.3-fold increased risk of CKD or death (n=39 [46%] versus n=32,016 [1%]; 95% CI, 8.9 to 16.8); and a 15.7-fold increased risk of HTN (n=33 [39%] versus n=64,458 [2%]; 95% CI, 11.1 to 21.1). None of the nRVT cohort developed ESKD. The median time to composite outcome of CKD, HTN, or death was 11.1 years. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with a history of nRVT remain at higher risk than the general population for long-term morbidity or mortality, indicating the need for long-term follow-up.
Seasonality of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy - A South Australian population study.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the seasonal variation of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) in South Australia. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective population study including all 107,846 liveborn singletons during 2007-2014 in South Australia. Seasonality in incidence of HDP in relation to estimated date of conception (eDoC) and date of birth (DoB) were examined using Fourier series analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Seasonality of HDP in relation to eDoC and DoB. RESULTS: During 2007-2014, the incidence of HDP was 7.1% (n = 7,612). Seasonal modeling showed a strong relationship between HDP and eDoC (p < .001) and DoB (p < .001). Unadjusted and adjusted models (adjusted for maternal age, body mass index, ethnicity, parity, type of health care, smoking and gestational diabetes mellitus) demonstrated the presence of a peak incidence (7.8%, 7.9% respectively) occurring among pregnancies with eDoC in late Spring (November) and a trough (6.4% and 6.3% respectively) among pregnancies with eDoC in late Autumn (May). Both unadjusted and adjusted seasonal modelling showed a peak incidence of HDP for pregnancies with DoB in August (8.0%, 8.1% respectively) and a nadir among pregnancies with eDoB in February (6.2%). CONCLUSION: The highest incidence of HDP was associated with pregnancies with eDoC during late spring and summer and birth in winter, while the lowest incidence of HDP was associated with pregnancies with eDoC during late autumn and early winter and birth in summer. Nutrient intake, in particular vitamin D, sunlight exposure and physical activity may affect maternal, fetal and placental adaptation to pregnancy and are potential contributors to the seasonal variation of HDP.
Intrauterine fetal tachypnea.; In a previous case report, intrauterine fetal tachypnea was associated with sudden fetal death. The authors have observed a similar case of fetal tachypnea. Early intervention occurred and a normal fetus was delivered. Pathophysiologic mechanisms for the phenomenon are discussed.
A retrospective review of pregnancy outcomes in women with uncomplicated mild to moderate chronic hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To examine pregnancy complications in women with uncomplicated mild-moderate chronic hypertension (CHTN) treated with antihypertensives prior to 20 weeks compared to those not on antihypertensives. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study examined singleton pregnancies of women with mild-moderate CHTN who delivered from 01/2014-3/2019. Pregnancies complicated by hypertension at ≥ 20 weeks, end organ damage, preexisting diabetes mellitus, early-onset gestational diabetes, multifetal gestation, and fetal anomalies were excluded. Adjusted logistic regression analyses were performed for each of the outcomes. Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) were reported along with associated 95% confidence intervals (CI) and p-values. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcome was superimposed preeclampsia with severe features. Additional maternal outcomes were superimposed preeclampsia without severe features, severe hypertension, indicated preterm delivery, placental abruption, and mode of delivery. Neonatal outcomes included composite perinatal outcomes (fetal growth restriction, intrauterine fetal demise, and small for gestational age neonate), low birth weight, very low birth weight, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, and Apgar score <7 at 5-minutes. RESULTS: 345 women were identified: 232 (67.2%) were not taking antihypertensives and 113 (32.8%) were taking ≥1 antihypertensive. There was no significant difference in the primary outcome (p = 0.65; aOR = 0.88; 95% CI 0.51-1.52) among the group taking antihypertensive therapy as compared to those not taking antihypertensives. No statistically significant differences were seen for any of the other secondary maternal or neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Our data supports that the use of antihypertensive therapy in women with mild-moderate CHTN does not reduce the risk of developing superimposed preeclampsia.
[Glycogenosis type IV (Andersen disease). Clinical data, pathology, and genetics in a fatal perinatal case].; Here we report the case of a newborn with glycogenosis type IV (Andersen disease), who died shortly after birth. The diagnosis was established in the first instance by light microscopy and histochemistry, and subsequently ultrastructurally. DNA could be extracted from a fibroblast cell culture by sequencing the causative GBE1 gene (glycogen branching enzyme 1). Two compound heterozygous mutations in the gene were identified. The differential diagnosis should include Lafora disease as well as polyglucosan body disease. Since there is no effective therapy for glycogenosis type IV to date, prenatal diagnosis is mandatory.
Pancreatic islet transplantation in diabetic pregnant rats prevents acquired malformation of the ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus in their offspring.; Exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment leads to diabetogenic disturbances throughout later life in rats. This is accompanied by a fetally acquired dysplasia of the ventromedial hypothalamic nucleus (VMN) which is decisively involved in the regulation of metabolism. We investigated whether malformation of the VMN is preventable by normalization of gestational hyperglycaemia. Correction of hyperglycaemia in pregnant streptozotocin-diabetic rats was achieved by pancreatic islet transplantation. The number of neurons in the VMN was significantly reduced in adult offspring of non-treated, sham-transplanted mother rats (P<0.05), but did not differ between offspring of islet-transplanted mother rats and offspring of control mothers. In conclusion, prevention of VMN malformation in offspring of islet-transplanted diabetic mothers might be co-responsible for normalization of their glucose homeostasis during life.
Left ventricular diastolic function in the fifth decade of life in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of death in women and defining its risk factors is necessary to reduce its prevalence. A history of preeclampsia is shown to be associated with hypertension and alterations in left ventricular (LV) diastolic function parameters. Because of overlapping mechanisms between preeclampsia and spontaneous preterm birth (SPTB), our most recent study investigated the association between SPTB and hypertension, and found an almost 2 times higher prevalence of hypertension after SPTB. No previous studies have focused on the association between SPTB and LV diastolic function. The aim of this study is to investigate LV diastolic function as potential early parameter of CVD in women with a history of SPTB. STUDY DESIGN: We included cases with a history of SPTB between 22 and 37 weeks and controls who had a term birth. Women with hypertensive disorders or gestational diabetes in any of their pregnancies, were excluded. Both groups underwent cardiovascular risk assessment and transthoracic echocardiography 9 to 16 years after pregnancy. Echocardiographic measures were adjusted using a linear regression analysis accounting for hypertension and other risk factors known to be associated with CVD. A subgroup analysis was performed based on hypertension at follow-up. RESULTS: A total of 94 cases and 94 controls were included, on average 13 years after pregnancy. There were no significant differences in LV diastolic function parameters. Women with a history of SPTB and diagnosed hypertension at follow-up, showed significant higher late diastolic mitral flow velocity, lower e'septal velocity and higher E/e'ratio, compared to women with a history of SPTB without hypertension, although within normal ranges. CONCLUSIONS: When a history of SPTB is accompanied by hypertension at follow-up, significant changes in LV diastolic function were seen. Therefore, hypertension is the central factor in preventive screening methods, and transthoracic echocardiography has no additional value at this follow-up duration.
Endocrine Disruption and Reproductive Pathology.; During the past 20 years, investigations involving endocrine active substances (EAS) and reproductive toxicity have dominated the landscape of ecotoxicological research. This has occurred in concert with heightened awareness in the scientific community, general public, and governmental entities of the potential consequences of chemical perturbation in humans and wildlife. The exponential growth of experimentation in this field is fueled by our expanding knowledge into the complex nature of endocrine systems and the intricacy of their interactions with xenobiotic agents. Complicating factors include the ever-increasing number of novel receptors and alternate mechanistic pathways that have come to light, effects of chemical mixtures in the environment versus those of single EAS laboratory exposures, the challenge of differentiating endocrine disruption from direct cytotoxicity, and the potential for transgenerational effects. Although initially concerned with EAS effects chiefly in the thyroid glands and reproductive organs, it is now recognized that anthropomorphic substances may also adversely affect the nervous and immune systems via hormonal mechanisms and play substantial roles in metabolic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and obesity.
An update to tranexamic acid trends during the peripartum period in the United States, 2019 to 2021.; BACKGROUND: Results from the 2017 World Maternal Antifibrinolytic trial found that patients who received tranexamic acid during delivery had significantly lower rates of death and hysterectomy. Several months after the World Maternal Antifibrinolytic trial publication, American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists endorsed the consideration of tranexamic acid usage when traditional uterotonics fail during postpartum hemorrhage. Since then, tranexamic acid usage has become more mainstream for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate tranexamic acid trends in obstetrics both temporally and geographically within the United States. Additional outcomes included patient demographics and perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study included 19 hospitals divided into East, Central, and West geographic regions within the Universal Health Services, Incorporated network. Rates of tranexamic acid use were compared from July 2019 through June 2021. Patient demographics and perinatal outcomes were analyzed for tranexamic acid recipients. RESULTS: During the two-year study period, 3.2% (1580/50,150) of patients received tranexamic acid during delivery. The western region of the United States demonstrated increased tranexamic acid use over the 2-year study period. Recipients of tranexamic acid were more likely to have a history of postpartum hemorrhage (P<.0001), chronic hypertension (P<.0001), preeclampsia (P<.0001), and/or diabetes (P=.004). Patients who received tranexamic acid did not have an increased likelihood of venous thromboembolism in comparison with those who did not receive tranexamic acid (8 [0.5%] vs 226 [0.5%]; P=.77). Of those who received tranexamic acid, 53.2% (840/1580) had an estimated blood loss <1000 mL. CONCLUSION: Nationally, a higher percentage of patients received tranexamic acid without a postpartum hemorrhage diagnosis compared with previous studies, and the western region of the United States had an overall increased use of tranexamic acid during delivery compared with previous years. There was no increased risk of venous thromboembolism in those who received tranexamic acid, regardless of postpartum hemorrhage diagnosis.
Prevalence and adverse perinatal outcomes of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province, China.; BACKGROUND: Anaemia in pregnancy is one of the most frequent complications related to pregnancy and is a public health concern. This article examines the prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy and the associations between anaemia and adverse perinatal outcomes in Hebei Province, China. METHODS: We used SPSS software to describe the incidence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province and analysed the clinical characteristics in anaemic patients and the relationship between anaemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: The overall prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy was 35.0% in Hebei Province. The prevalence of anaemia in the population with a high education level was lower than that in the population with a low education level. The incidence rate in rural areas was higher than that in urban areas. After adjustment for confounding factors, anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is an independent risk factor in terms of placenta previa, placental abruption, uterine atony, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, heart disease, postpartum haemorrhage, premature birth, laceration of birth canal, puerperal infection, caesarean section and large for gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. A comprehensive approach to prevent anaemia is needed to improve maternal and child health outcomes.
The importance of nutrition in pregnancy and lactation: lifelong consequences.; Most women in the United States do not meet the recommendations for healthful nutrition and weight before and during pregnancy. Women and providers often ask what a healthy diet for a pregnant woman should look like. The message should be "eat better, not more." This can be achieved by basing diet on a variety of nutrient-dense, whole foods, including fruits, vegetables, legumes, whole grains, healthy fats with omega-3 fatty acids that include nuts and seeds, and fish, in place of poorer quality highly processed foods. Such a diet embodies nutritional density and is less likely to be accompanied by excessive energy intake than the standard American diet consisting of increased intakes of processed foods, fatty red meat, and sweetened foods and beverages. Women who report "prudent" or "health-conscious" eating patterns before and/or during pregnancy may have fewer pregnancy complications and adverse child health outcomes. Comprehensive nutritional supplementation (multiple micronutrients plus balanced protein energy) among women with inadequate nutrition has been associated with improved birth outcomes, including decreased rates of low birthweight. A diet that severely restricts any macronutrient class should be avoided, specifically the ketogenic diet that lacks carbohydrates, the Paleo diet because of dairy restriction, and any diet characterized by excess saturated fats. User-friendly tools to facilitate a quick evaluation of dietary patterns with clear guidance on how to address dietary inadequacies and embedded support from trained healthcare providers are urgently needed. Recent evidence has shown that although excessive gestational weight gain predicts adverse perinatal outcomes among women with normal weight, the degree of prepregnancy obesity predicts adverse perinatal outcomes to a greater degree than gestational weight gain among women with obesity. Furthermore, low body mass index and insufficient gestational weight gain are associated with poor perinatal outcomes. Observational data have shown that first-trimester gain is the strongest predictor of adverse outcomes. Interventions beginning in early pregnancy or preconception are needed to prevent downstream complications for mothers and their children. For neonates, human milk provides personalized nutrition and is associated with short- and long-term health benefits for infants and mothers. Eating a healthy diet is a way for lactating mothers to support optimal health for themselves and their infants.
Nutritional modulation of leptin expression and leptin action in obesity and obesity-associated complications.; In obesity, an elevated accumulation and dysregulation of adipose tissue, due to an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure, usually coexists with the loss of responsiveness to leptin in central nervous system, and subsequently with hyperleptinemia. Leptin, a peptide hormone mainly produced by white adipose tissue, regulates energy homeostasis by stimulating energy expenditure and inhibiting food intake. Human obesity is characterized by increased plasma leptin levels, which have been related with different obesity-associated complications, such as chronic inflammatory state (risk factor for diabetes, cardiovascular and autoimmune diseases), as well as infertility and different types of cancer. Besides, leptin is also produced by placenta, and high leptin levels during pregnancy may be related with some pathological conditions such as gestational diabetes. This review focuses on the current insights and emerging concepts on potentially valuable nutrients and food components that may modulate leptin metabolism. Notably, several dietary food components, such as phenols, peptides, and vitamins, are able to decrease inflammation and improve leptin sensitivity by up- or down-regulation of leptin signaling molecules. On the other hand, some food components, such as saturated fatty acids may worsen chronic inflammation increasing the risk for pathological complications. Future research into nutritional mechanisms that restore leptin metabolism and signals of energy homeostasis may inspire new treatment options for obesity-related disorders.
Fetal origins of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome: a key role for adipose tissue?; For several years now, the epidemiological data have shown an inverse relationship between birth-weight and the development in later life of cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. The term "small for gestational age" (SGA) describes a neonate whose birth-weight is two standard deviations (SD) below the reference mean, corrected for gestational age and gender. SGA is associated with increased risks of developing hypertension, insulin resistance and type2 diabetes. However, the association with an atherogenic lipid profile is less clear. Nevertheless, all of the components of the metabolic syndrome are present. Yet, in spite of the large body of data in the literature, the biological mechanisms underlying this association are still unclear. To explain the association, various hypotheses have been proposed, pointing to the role of a detrimental fetal environment or genetic susceptibility, or interaction between the two, and to the particular dynamic changes in adiposity that occur during catch-up growth. However, not only quantitative, but also qualitative, abnormalities of adipose tissue have been observed, suggesting a critical role of this organ in the development of metabolic complications.
A history of placental dysfunction and risk of placental abruption.; In a population-based historic cohort study, we assessed the possible association of fetal growth retardation, preterm birth and pregnancy-induced hypertension in the immediately preceding pregnancy with placental abruption in the current pregnancy, which would suggest a shared aetiological factor. We also assessed whether chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus and a history of Caesarean section are associated with placental abruption. Preterm birth and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) in the immediately preceding delivery were associated with an increased risk of placental abruption with unadjusted odds ratios (ORs) of 2.1 [95% CI = 1.9, 2.4] and 1.6 [95% CI = 1.5, 1.8] respectively. Women with a history of an SGA preterm birth in the immediately preceding delivery and an appropriate-for-gestational-age infant in the current had an adjusted OR of 3.2 [95% CI = 2.3, 4.5]. The adjusted odds ratio of placental abruption in women who had pregnancy-induced hypertension in the previous pregnancy, but not in the current, was 1.4 [95% CI = 1.2, 1.7]. Women who delivered a preterm or SGA infant in the previous delivery and had chronic hypertension or diabetes mellitus in the current had adjusted ORs of 2.3-5.7 and 2.5-6.0 respectively. Caesarean section in the previous delivery increased the risk of placental abruption by 40%. These results suggest that pregnancy-induced hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, preterm delivery and placental abruption share an aetiological factor or represent different clinical expressions of recurring placental dysfunction. Chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus may cause or aggravate such dysfunction thus causing placental abruption. A history of Caesarean section is associated with an increased risk of placental abruption.
Treatment with an Angiopoietin-1 mimetic peptide promotes neurological recovery after stroke in diabetic rats.; AIM: Vasculotide (VT), an angiopoietin-1 mimetic peptide, exerts neuroprotective effects in type one diabetic (T1DM) rats subjected to ischemic stroke. In this study, we investigated whether delayed VT treatment improves long-term neurological outcome after stroke in T1DM rats. METHODS: Male Wistar rats were induced with T1DM, subjected to middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAo) model of stroke, and treated with PBS (control), 2 µg/kg VT, 3 µg/kg VT, or 5.5 µg/kg VT. VT treatment was initiated at 24 h after stroke and administered daily (i.p) for 14 days. We evaluated neurological function, lesion volume, vascular and white matter remodeling, and inflammation in the ischemic brain. In vitro, we evaluated the effects of VT on endothelial cell capillary tube formation and inflammatory responses of primary cortical neurons (PCN) and macrophages. RESULTS: Treatment of T1DM-stroke with 3 µg/kg VT but not 2 µg/kg or 5.5 µg/kg significantly improves neurological function and decreases infarct volume and cell death compared to control T1DM-stroke rats. Thus, 3 µg/kg VT dose was employed in all subsequent in vivo analysis. VT treatment significantly increases axon and myelin density, decreases demyelination, decreases white matter injury, increases number of oligodendrocytes, and increases vascular density in the ischemic border zone of T1DM stroke rats. VT treatment significantly decreases MMP9 expression and decreases the number of M1 macrophages in the ischemic brain of T1DM-stroke rats. In vitro, VT treatment significantly decreases endothelial cell death and decreases MCP-1, endothelin-1, and VEGF expression under high glucose (HG) and ischemic conditions and significantly increases capillary tube formation under HG conditions when compared to non-treated control group. VT treatment significantly decreases inflammatory factor expression such as MMP9 and MCP-1 in macrophages subjected to LPS activation and significantly decreases IL-1β and MMP9 expression in PCN subjected to ischemia under HG conditions. CONCLUSION: Delayed VT treatment (24 h after stroke) significantly improves neurological function, promotes vascular and white matter remodeling, and decreases inflammation in the ischemic brain after stroke in T1DM rats.
Intra-uterine deaths after suspicious, uncertain and normal antenatal fetal heart rate monitoring.; Stressed and non-stressed antenatal fetal monitoring was carried out 9 520 times in 5 932 high-risk patients. Intra-uterine death occurred in 48 patients. In 19 patients the fetus died within 1 week of monitoring but before the onset of labour; the results of monitoring had been normal in 14 of these. Abruptio placentae was the cause of 6 of these deaths. Many of the other causes of intra-uterine death were also acute complications such as haemorrhage due to placenta praevia, amniotic fluid infection, and cord prolapse. True false-negative test results were rare, and were seen most often in patients with preeclampsia, diabetes and haemolytic disease. Twin pregnancies also caused a problem, as double recording of the heart rate of the normal fetus could create a false sense of security.
Leptin trajectories from birth to mid-childhood and cardio-metabolic health in early adolescence.; OBJECTIVES: Leptin is a hormone produced by adipose tissue that promotes satiety, and some evidence suggests that greater early life leptin exposure prevents excessive adiposity gain in later life. However, few studies have analyzed dynamic changes in leptin throughout childhood in relation to later cardio-metabolic health. Our study aims to identify distinct leptin trajectories in childhood, and to examine their associations with cardio-metabolic outcomes in adolescence. METHODS: Among children in the Project Viva cohort born 1999-2002 in Massachusetts, we used latent class growth models to identify leptin trajectories independent of maternal BMI, child sex, race/ethnicity, size at birth and current age and size among 1360 children with leptin measured at least once at birth, early childhood (mean 3.3 ± SD 0.3 years), or mid-childhood (7.9 ± 0.8 years). At research visits in early adolescence (13.2 ± 0.9 years), we assessed cardio-metabolic outcomes including adiposity measures, fasting biomarkers, and blood pressure among 855 children. We then applied multiple regression models to examine associations of the leptin trajectories with these cardio-metabolic outcomes in early adolescence, adjusting for child age at outcome, maternal age, education, prenatal smoking and glucose, total gestational weight gain and paternal BMI. RESULTS: The latent class growth model identified 3 distinct leptin trajectories: "low stable" (n = 1031, 75.8%), "high-decreasing" (n = 219, 16.1%) and "intermediate-increasing" (n = 110, 8.1%). In adjusted models, the intermediate-increasing leptin trajectory was associated with higher early adolescence adiposity measures (e.g. BMI z-score: 0.62 units; 95% confidence interval: 0.28, 0.96 and odds of obesity: 2.84: 1.17, 6.94), but lower systolic blood pressure (-0.46 z-score units; -0.74, -0.18), compared to the low-stable group. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings on leptin trajectories in childhood suggest important differences and associations with later metabolic outcomes.
Ambulatory blood pressure and its variability in adults born preterm.; Adults born preterm have higher blood pressure (BP) than those born at term. Most studies have focused on preterm birth, and few have assessed BP variability, an independent risk factor of cardiovascular disease. We studied the association of preterm birth with 24-hour ambulatory BP, measured by an oscillometric device, in 42 young adults born early preterm (<34 weeks), 72 born late preterm (34-36 weeks), and 103 controls (≥37 weeks). Sleep was confirmed with accelerometry in 72.4% of subjects. The 24-hour systolic BP of adults born early preterm was 5.5 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 1.9-9.3), awake systolic BP was 6.4 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 2.8-10.1), and sleeping systolic BP was 2.9 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval 0.3-7.5) when adjusted for age, sex, and use of accelerometry. The differences remained similar when adjusted for height, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, parental education, maternal body mass index, smoking during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes mellitus and attenuated slightly when adjusted for maternal hypertensive pregnancy disorders. Adults born early preterm also had higher BP variability as indicated by higher individual standard deviations of systolic BP and diastolic BP. Although our results were consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter gestation and higher BP, the difference between the late preterm and term groups was not statistically significant. Our results suggest that the higher BP in adults born early preterm is present during both waking and sleeping hours, may be more pronounced during waking hours, and is accompanied by higher individual BP variability.
Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health: Consensus Bundle on Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care.; Cardiac conditions are the leading cause of pregnancy-related deaths and disproportionately affect non-Hispanic Black people. Multidisciplinary maternal mortality review committees have found that most people who died from cardiac conditions during pregnancy or postpartum were not diagnosed with a cardiovascular disease before death and that more than 80% of all pregnancy-related deaths, regardless of cause, were preventable. In addition, other obstetric complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, are associated with future cardiovascular disease risk. Those with cardiac risk factors and those with congenital and acquired heart disease require specialized care during pregnancy and postpartum to minimize risk of preventable morbidity and mortality. This bundle provides guidance for health care teams to develop coordinated, multidisciplinary care for pregnant and postpartum people with cardiac conditions and to respond to cardio-obstetric emergencies. This bundle is one of several core patient safety bundles developed by the Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health that provide condition- or event-specific clinical practices for implementation in appropriate care settings. The Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care bundle is organized into five domains: 1) Readiness , 2) Recognition and Prevention , 3) Response , 4) Reporting and Systems Learning , and 5) Respectful Care . This bundle is the first by the Alliance to be developed with the fifth domain of Respectful Care . The Respectful Care domain provides essential best practices to support respectful, equitable, and supportive care to all patients. Further health equity considerations are integrated into elements in each domain.
Early identification and treatment of women's cardiovascular risk factors prevents cardiovascular disease, saves lives, and protects future generations: Policy recommendations and take action plan utilizing policy levers.; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) including heart attacks, strokes, heart failure, and uncontrolled hypertension are leading causes of death among women of all ages. Despite efforts to increase awareness about CVD among women, over the past decade there has been stagnation in the reduction of CVD in women, and CVD among younger women and women of color has in fact increased. We recommend taking action using policy levers to address CVD in women including: (1) Promoting periodic screening for risk factors including blood pressure, lipids/cholesterol, diabetes for all women starting at 18-21 years, with calculated atherosclerotic CVD (ASCVD) risk score use among women 40 years or older. (2) Considering coronary artery calcium (CAC) screening for those with intermediate risk per current guidelines. (3) Enhancing Obstetrics and Gynecology and primary care physician education on reproductive age CVD risk markers, and that follow-up is needed, including extended postpartum follow-up. (4) Offering Health Coaching/motivational Interviewing to support behavior change. (5) Funding demonstration projects using different care models. (6) Creating a Stop High Blood Pressure consult line (for providers and patients) and providing other support resources with actions consumers can take, modeled after the California tobacco quit line. And (7) Requiring inclusion of adverse pregnancy outcomes in all Electronic Health Records, with reminder systems to follow-up on hypertension post-partum.
Calcifediol (25OH Vitamin D(3)) Deficiency: A Risk Factor from Early to Old Age.; Vitamin D deficiency is the main cause of nutritional rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults. There is consensus that nutritional access to vitamin D can be estimated by measuring serum concentrations of 25OHD and vitamin D deficiency can thus be considered as calcifediol deficiency. However, the threshold for vitamin D/calcifediol sufficiency remains a matter of debate. Vitamin D/calcifediol deficiency has been associated with musculoskeletal effects but also multiple adverse extra-skeletal consequences. If these consequences improve or if they can be treated with vitamin D supplementation is still unclear. Observational studies suggest a higher infection risk in people with low calcifediol levels. There is also a consistent association between serum calcifediol and cardiovascular events and deaths, but large-scale, long-term intervention studies did not show any benefit on cardiovascular outcomes from supplementation, at least not in subjects without clear vitamin D deficiency. Cancer risk also did not change with vitamin D treatment, although there are some data that higher serum calcifediol is associated with longer survival in cancer patients. In pregnant women, vitamin D supplementation decreases the risk of pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and low birth weight. Although preclinical studies showed that the vitamin D endocrine system plays a role in certain neural cells as well as brain structure and function, there is no evidence to support a beneficial effect of vitamin D in neurodegenerative diseases. Vitamin D supplementation may marginally affect overall mortality risk especially in elderly subjects with low serum calcifediol concentrations.
Early development of beta-cells is impaired in the GK rat model of type 2 diabetes.; The Goto-Kakisaki (GK) rat is a genetic model of type 2 diabetes obtained by selective inbreeding of mildly glucose-intolerant Wistar rats. Previous studies have shown that at birth, the beta-cell mass of the GK rat is severely reduced compared with that of the Wistar rat. Therefore, beta-cell deficit could be the primary defect leading to type 2 diabetes in this model. To identify the abnormality at the origin of the beta-cell mass deficit, we compared the fetal development of GK and Wistar rats. Our study reveals that during early development (embryonic day 12-14 [E12-14]), GK fetuses present a delayed global growth that progressively recovers: at birth, no size or weight difference persists. However, from E18 onward, the weight and DNA content of the pancreas and liver are reduced by 30% in the GK fetuses. Cell proliferation is reduced in the GK pancreas from E16 to E20. Whereas apoptotic cells are scarce in the Wistar fetal pancreas, a wave of apoptosis from E16 to E18 was detected in the GK pancreas. Analysis of pancreas differentiation revealed that from E12 to E14, there are no significant differences in the number of alpha- and beta-cells between the GK and Wistar pancreas. However, by E16, the average number of beta-cells in the GK pancreas represents only 50% that of the Wistar pancreas, and this difference persists until birth. The number of alpha-cells was reduced by 25% from E18 to E21. To determine whether the defect in GK pancreas development depends on intrinsic pancreatic factors or on endocrine extrapancreatic factors, we performed in vitro cultures of E12 pancreatic rudiments. The cultures show that in vitro, the growth and endocrine differentiation of the GK and Wistar pancreatic rudiments are identical. Thus, impaired development of the GK pancreas probably results from insufficiency of extrapancreatic factor(s) necessary for the growth and survival of fetal pancreatic cells.
Unexpected fetal death during pregnancy--a problem of unrecognized fetal disorders during antenatal care?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the causes of ante partum fetal death (APFD) and to evaluate the diagnostic methods for prevention. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A population-based retrospective study was conducted in 293091 deliveries from 1996 to 2000 in the State of Hesse, Germany. The investigations focus on mortality of infants during pregnancy, separated between singletons of 37-42 weeks (n=361) and 23-36 weeks (n=550), and multiple births (n=76). In 44 cases, the gestational age was unknown and in 19 cases lower than 23 weeks or greater than 43 weeks. In total 1006 cases remained and were subject for evaluation. RESULTS: Perinatal mortality (PM) was 0.56%. APFD occurred in 1050 cases (0.3%), i.e. 63.5% of PM. Risk factors from the medical history during pregnancy could be identified in 515 cases (51.2%). Significant risk factors were social burden (odds ratio (OR) 58.3), diabetes mellitus (OR 5.4) and gestational diabetes (OR 2.1), psychological burden (OR 4.8), proteinuria (OR 2.8), maternal age (OR 1.7) and maternal smoking, depending on the number of cigarettes. The risk factors show a difference in significance, if related to the gestational age and multiple pregnancies. The contribution of malformations to APFD was 7.8%. There was however a number of unexpected fetal deaths with unidentified risk factors: n=415 (41.3%). In this group, fetal growth restriction was observed in 38.1%. Compared to control, APFD was three to five times higher in fetal growth retardation below the 10th percentile. Fetal death was closely related to fetal surveillance, i.e. the number of antenatal visits, ultrasound measurements, and fetal heart rate monitoring. CONCLUSION: Fetal ante partum fetal death can be reduced at least by 50%, if the available methods for fetal surveillance are employed aiming to detect indications of fetal oxygen deprivation at an early stage.
Endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, and insulin resistance: a focus on subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes.; Subjects with obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, previous gestational diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose, and those with metabolic syndrome are at risk for the development of type 2 diabetes. Some of them are also at risk for cardiovascular disease. Some underlying abnormalities such as insulin resistance, endothelial dysfunction, and low-grade chronic inflammation are frequently present and closely associated in all these groups. The flow of substrates, hormones, and cytokines from visceral fat to skeletal muscle and to the endothelial cells, along with some genetic abnormalities that lead to impaired insulin action in the peripheral tissues and to impaired insulin-stimulated nitric oxide production in endothelial cells, may play a role in establishing these shared metabolic and vascular derangements. Weight loss, thiazolidinediones, and metformin improve vascular function in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes and may prove to reduce cardiovascular events in these individuals.
Diabetes Mellitus and Related Admission Factors Among Hospitalized Patients in King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.; Background Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a rapidly increasing serious health problem that affects the population all over the world. The increasing prevalence of DM in Saudi Arabia is reflected in our hospital admissions as well. This study aimed to assess the proportion of DM (including type 1 and type 2 diabetes) among hospitalized patients and the reasons for admissions to the medical unit at King Abdul-Aziz University Hospital (KAUH) in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. Methods We conducted a hospital record-based cross-sectional study at KAUH from January to April 2021. The study included all adult patients admitted to the internal medicine wards and isolation unit but excluded patients in the coronary care unit and those with gestational diabetes. We reviewed the medical records to collect demographic data, causes of admission, laboratory results, and outcomes. Results Among the hospitalized patients, 49.9% had DM. The most common associated risk factors and causes of admission among patients with DM were hypertension (HTN; 73.2%) and dyslipidemia (43.1%). Other less common reasons for admission were heart failure (20.6%), coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19; 17.8%), chronic kidney disease (CKD; 14.5%), pneumonia (12.3%), and stroke (10%). Dyslipidemia, HTN, CKD, diabetic ketoacidosis, heart failure, and need for intensive care unit (ICU) admission were significantly higher in diabetic patients as compared to patients without diabetes. HTN, dyslipidemia, CKD, heart failure, stroke, acute abdomen, and malignancy were significantly higher in patients with type 2 diabetes. Among diabetic patients, those with non-Saudi nationality, low hemoglobin level, dyslipidemia, pneumonia, sepsis, and requiring ICU admission had a greater risk of death. Conclusions The high burden of DM on the secondary healthcare level in Saudi Arabia highlights the need for effective diabetes prevention and treatment strategies in primary care and hospital outpatient settings. Such measures would help reduce the hospitalization rate and ease the healthcare system's burden.
Highlighting the trajectory from intrauterine growth restriction to future obesity.; During the last decades several lines of evidence reported the association of an adverse intrauterine environment, leading to intrauterine restriction, with future disease, such as obesity and metabolic syndrome, both leading to increased cardiovascular and cancer risk. The underlying explanation for this association has firstly been expressed by the Barker's hypothesis, the "thrifty phenotype hypothesis". According to this hypothesis, a fetus facing an adverse intrauterine environment adapts to this environment through a reprogramming of its endocrine-metabolic status, during the crucial window of developmental plasticity to save energy for survival, providing less energy and nutrients to the organs that are not essential for survival. This theory evolved to the concept of the developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD). Thus, in the setting of an adverse, f. ex. protein restricted intrauterine environment, while the energy is mainly directed to the brain, the peripheral organs, f.ex. the muscles and the liver undergo an adaptation that is expressed through insulin resistance. The adaptation at the hepatic level predisposes to future dyslipidemia, the modifications at the vascular level to endothelial damage and future hypertension and, overall, through the insulin resistance to the development of metabolic syndrome. All these adaptations are suggested to take place through epigenetic modifications of the expression of genes without change of their amino-acid sequence. The epigenetic modifications leading to future obesity and cardiovascular risk are thought to induce appetite dysregulation, promoting food intake and adipogenesis, facilitating obesity development. The epigenetic modifications may even persist into the next generation even though the subsequent generation has not been exposed to an adverse intrauterine environment, a notion defined as the "transgenerational transfer of environmental information". As a consequence, if the increased public health burden and costs of non-communicable chronic diseases such as obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes have to be minimized, special attention should be laid to the healthy lifestyle habits of women of reproductive age, including healthy diet and physical activity to be established long before any pregnancy takes place in order to provide the best conditions for both somatic and mental health of future generations.
Renal Glucose Release after Unilateral Renal Denervation during a Hypoglycemic Clamp in Pigs with an Altered Hypothalamic Pituitary Adrenal Axis after Late-Gestational Dexamethasone Injection.; Previously, we demonstrated in pigs that renal denervation halves glucose release during hypoglycaemia and that a prenatal dexamethasone injection caused increased ACTH and cortisol concentrations as markers of a heightened hypothalamic pituitary adrenal axis (HPAA) during hypoglycaemia. In this study, we investigated the influence of an altered HPAA on renal glucose release during hypoglycaemia. Pigs whose mothers had received two late-gestational dexamethasone injections were subjected to a 75 min hyperinsulinaemic-hypoglycaemic clamp (<3 mmol/L) after unilateral surgical denervation. Para-aminohippurate (PAH) clearance, inulin, sodium excretion and arterio-venous blood glucose difference were measured every fifteen minutes. The statistical analysis was performed with a Wilcoxon signed-rank test. PAH, inulin, the calculated glomerular filtration rate and plasma flow did not change through renal denervation. Urinary sodium excretion increased significantly (p = 0.019). Side-dependent renal net glucose release (SGN) decreased by 25 ± 23% (p = 0.004). At 25 percent, the SGN decrease was only half of that observed in non-HPAA-altered animals in our prior investigation. The current findings may suggest that specimens with an elevated HPAA undergo long-term adaptations to maintain glucose homeostasis. Nonetheless, the decrease in SGN warrants further investigations and potentially caution in performing renal denervation in certain patient groups, such as diabetics at risk of hypoglycaemia.
Maternal Obesity as a Risk Factor for the Development of Total Anomalous Pulmonary Venous Connection in Their Offspring.; The incidence of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC) in the Caucasian population is 2.5/100,000 live births (LB), and the incidence in the Hispanic population is 19.8/100,000 LB. Without knowing the exact etiology for the development of congenital heart disease, our objective was to determine the maternal factors associated with the development of TAPVC. METHODS: 55 mother-child binomials with isolated TAPVC (group I) and 152 healthy mother-child binomials (group II) were included. Both groups had no maternal history of addiction, pre-eclampsia, or type 1, 2 or gestational diabetes mellitus. Complete clinical histories were obtained for the women in both groups and perinatal and birth data were recorded. In addition, genealogies across three generations were constructed to determine affected first- or second-degree relatives with complex congenital heart disease. RESULTS: Among the maternal characteristics analyzed, women in group I had a higher number of pregnancies before gestation of the index case (p = <0.05), and the Body Mass Index (BMI) before pregnancy was higher compared to Group II (p < 0.05), with an adjusted risk of OR = 3.6 (p = 0.011). The family history showed a higher prevalence in the group of patients with TAPVC compared to healthy children (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Maternal obesity before pregnancy is a risk factor for the development of CATVP in children in the Mexican population.
Prematurity and low weight at birth as new conditions predisposing to an increased cardiovascular risk.; Although the survival rate for preterm subjects has improved considerably, due to the progress in the field of perinatal medicine, preterm birth is frequently the cause underlying a series of notorious complications: morphological, neurological, ophthalmological, and renal alterations. In addition, it has recently been demonstrated how low gestational age and reduced foetal growth contribute towards an increased cardiovascular risk in preterm neonates. In fact, cardiovascular mortality is higher among former preterm adults than those born at term. This condition is referred to as cardiovascular perinatal programming. In the light of the above, an early, constant, and prolonged cardiological followup programme should be implemented in former preterm individuals. The aim of this paper was to perform a comprehensive literature review about two new emerging conditions predisposing to an increased cardiovascular risk: prematurity and low weight at birth.
First Trimester Evaluation of Maternal Visceral Fat and Its Relationship with Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; Obese women are more likely to experience pregnancy complications. The distribution of fat, and more particularly the rise in visceral fat, is well established to be more closely linked to the onset of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome than obesity itself. We aim to examine the relationship between maternal visceral fat assessment in the first trimester and the appearance of adverse pregnancy outcomes. A prospective cohort study including 416 pregnant women was conducted. During the first trimester scan (11-13 + 6 weeks), all individuals had their visceral fat and subcutaneous thicknesses measured by ultrasonography. Blood samples were obtained, and maternal demographics and clinical information were documented. After delivery, the obstetric outcomes were evaluated. We contrasted two groups: one with healthy pregnancies and the other with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), defined as the development of at least one of the following complications: gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, abnormal fetal growth, preterm delivery or preterm premature rupture of membranes. Median maternal age was 33 and 34 years old for the uncomplicated and adverse pregnancy outcomes groups, respectively. We found that women with adverse pregnancy outcomes had higher VFT (median 30 vs. 26.5 mm, p = 0.001) and SFT (median 18.9 vs. 17.1 mm, p = 0.03). However, the visceral/subcutaneous fat ratio was not statistically different between groups. Finally, we performed a subanalysis for metabolic and placental vascular dysfunction complications. After performing a multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for maternal age, smoking, and mean arterial pressure, both the VFT (aOR 1.03, p < 0.001) and the ratio of visceral/subcutaneous fat (aOR 1.37, p = 0.04) were significantly associated with the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes; however, the associations of VFT and the VFT-to-SFT ratio were higher for the occurrence of gestational diabetes (aOR 1.07, p < 0.001; aOR 2.09, p = 0.001; respectively) and showed no relationships with placental complications. When conducting a first-trimester ultrasound assessment, sonographers may measure VFT without additional time or cost involved. Identification of pregnant women with increased VFT (>37 mm) may benefit from a close follow-up, especially for the development of gestational diabetes, independent of BMI.
A short periconceptional exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes is sufficient to disrupt the feto-placental phenotype in a rabbit model.; Tight metabolic control of type-1 diabetes is essential during gestation, but it could be crucial during the periconception period. Feto-placental consequences of maternal type-1 diabetes around the time of conception need to be explored. Using a rabbit model, type-1 diabetes was induced by alloxan 7 days before mating. Glycemia was maintained at 15-20 mmol/L with exogenous insulin injections to prevent ketoacidosis. At 4 days post-conception (dpc), embryos were collected from diabetic (D) or normoglycemic control (C) dams, respectively, and transferred into non-diabetic recipients. At 28dpc, D- and C-feto-placental units were collected for biometry, placental analyses and lipid profiles. D-fetuses were growth-retarded, hyperglycemic and dyslipidemic compared to C-fetuses. The efficiency of D-placentas was associated with an increased gene expression related to nutrient supply and lipid metabolism whereas volume density of fetal vessels decreased. Fetal plasma, placental and fetal liver membranes had specific fatty acid signatures depending on embryonic origin. Tissues from D-fetuses contained more omega-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids. The concentrations of docosahexaenoic acid decreased while linoleic acid increased in the heart of D-fetuses. This study demonstrates that a short exposure to maternal type-1 diabetes in the periconception window, until the blastocyst stage, is able to irreversibly malprogram the feto-placental phenotype, through precocious and persistent structural and molecular adaptations of placenta.
Do pregnancy complications and CVD share common antecedents?; Considerable data link low birth weight, due to intrauterine growth restriction, to increased offspring risk of vascular disease in later adult life. This is considered to be the result, in part, of programming through fetal nutrition. These data support the hypothesis that pregnancy outcome in terms of birth weight is linked to the infant's subsequent health. In contrast, much less attention has been focused on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, pre-term delivery and intrauterine growth restriction, and the mother's subsequent health. Interesting data have accumulated linking the maternal vascular, metabolic and inflammatory complications of pregnancy to an increased risk of vascular disease in later life (Table 1). This paper reviews the emerging evidence to support this fascinating concept, addresses potential mechanisms and discusses potential clinical implications.
Oxidative stress as common trait of endothelial dysfunction in chorionic arteries from fetuses with IUGR and LGA.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal macrosomia and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) associate with increased morbidity in the neonate. Placental vascular relaxation is impaired in fetal macrosomia, as well as in IUGR, and this could result from increased oxidative stress present in both conditions. We determined the role of pro- and anti-oxidants on NOS dependent relaxation in placental chorionic arteries from pregnancies with LGA babies from overweight and/or obese mothers (LOOM) and IUGR fetuses from normal BMI women. METHODS: Chorionic arteries were mounted in a wire-myograph, where responses to the NOS-dependent agent CGRP in presence or absence of the antioxidant N-acetyl cysteine (NAC), the pro-oxidant SIN-1, the SOD inhibitor DDC, and the GPx inhibitor MS were determined. Additionally the presence of pro- and antioxidant enzymes (NOX-4, SOD-1, SOD-2 and GPx-1) and eNOS in chorionic and umbilical vessels were addressed by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Maximal CGRP-induced relaxation was comparable to controls but presented a reduced potency in chorionic arteries from LOOM placentae, whilst in IUGR vessels both maximal response and potency were reduced. NAC increased maximal relaxation in controls, IUGR and LOOM arteries, whilst SIN-1 completely abolished the CGRP-induced relaxation only in IUGR and LOOM samples, the later effect was paralleled by SOD or GPx inhibition. These responses associated with the presence of NOX-4, SOD-1 and GPx-1 in the endothelium and vascular wall of chorionic and umbilical arteries in the different groups studied. DISCUSSION: These data suggest that NOS dependent relaxation in placental vessels from IUGR and LOOM pregnancies present a higher sensitivity to oxidative stress.
Risk factors for first venous thromboembolism around pregnancy: a population-based cohort study from the United Kingdom.; Knowledge of the absolute risk (AR) for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in women around pregnancy and how potential risk factors modify this risk is crucial in identifying women who would benefit most from thromboprophylaxis. We examined a large primary care database containing 376 154 pregnancies ending in live birth or stillbirth from women aged 15 to 44 years between 1995 and 2009 and assessed the effect of risk factors on the incidence of antepartum and postpartum VTE in terms of ARs and incidence rate ratios (IRR), using Poisson regression. During antepartum, varicose veins, inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), urinary tract infection, and preexisting diabetes were associated with an increased risk for VTE (ARs, ≥139/100 000 person-years; IRRs, ≥1.8/100 000 person-years). Postpartum, the strongest risk factor was stillbirth (AR, 2444/100 000 person-years; IRR, 6.2/100 000 person-years), followed by medical comorbidities (including varicose veins, IBD, or cardiac disease), a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m(2) or higher, obstetric hemorrhage, preterm delivery, and caesarean section (ARs, ≥637/100 000 person-years; IRRs, ≥1.9/100 000 person-years). Our findings suggest that VTE risk varies modestly by recognized factors during antepartum; however, women with stillbirths, preterm births, obstetric hemorrhage, caesarean section delivery, medical comorbidities, or a BMI of 30 kg/m(2) or higher are at much higher risk for VTE after delivery. These risk factors should receive careful consideration when assessing the potential need for thromboprophylaxis during the postpartum period.
Antepartum fetal heart rate testing. XII. The effect of manual manipulation of the fetus on the nonstress test.; A prospective study of 790 patients was performed in order to examine the role of manual manipulation of the fetus in the nonstress test. The patients were assigned randomly to two groups based on the last two digits of their hospital number. The odd-numbered patients underwent manual manipulation of the fetus prior to the onset of the nonstress test; the even-numbered patients did not. There was no significant difference between the two groups with respect to the indications for testing and the total number of tests. There was no statistically significant difference between the two groups with respect to the ratio of reactive to nonreactive nonstress tests and the mean duration of testing. Simple manual manipulation of the fetus does not seem to change the outcome in antepartum fetal heart rate testing when the nonstress test is the primary one.
Pre-eclampsia and long-term health outcomes for mother and infant: an umbrella review.; BACKGROUND: Pre-eclampsia is a pregnancy-associated condition with complex disease mechanisms and a risk factor for various long-term health outcomes for the mother and infant. OBJECTIVE: To summarise evidence on the association of pre-eclampsia with long-term health outcomes arising in women and/or infants. SEARCH STRATEGY: PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus and ISI Web of Science were searched from inception to July 2020. SELECTION CRITERIA: Systematic reviews and meta-analyses examining associations between pre-eclampsia and long-term health outcomes in women and their infants. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data were extracted by two independent reviewers. We re-estimated the summary effect size by random-effects and fixed-effects models, the 95% confidence interval, the 95% prediction interval, the between-study heterogeneity, any evidence of small-study effects and excess significance bias. RESULTS: Twenty-one articles were included (90 associations). Seventy-nine associations had nominally statistically significant findings (P < 0.05). Sixty-five associations had large or very large heterogeneity. Evidence for small-study effects and excess significance bias was found in seven and two associations, respectively. Nine associations: cerebrovascular disease (cohort studies), cerebrovascular disease (overall), cardiac disease (cohort studies), dyslipidaemia (all studies), risk of death (late-onset pre-eclampsia), fatal and non-fatal ischaemic heart disease, cardiovascular mortality (cohort studies), any diabetes or use of diabetic medication (unadjusted), and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) (adjusted) were supported with robust evidence. CONCLUSION: Many of the meta-analyses in this research field have caveats casting doubts on their validity. Current evidence suggests an increased risk for women to develop cardiovascular-related diseases, diabetes and dyslipidaemia after pre-eclampsia, while offspring exposed to pre-eclampsia are at higher risk for ADHD. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases were supported with convincing evidence for long-term health outcomes after pre-eclampsia.
Intrauterine growth retardation and consequences for endocrine and cardiovascular diseases in adult life: does insulin-like growth factor-I play a role?; Low birth weight has been associated with an increased incidence of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) and type 2 diabetes. Endocrine regulation of fetal growth by growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-I is complex. Placental GH is detectable in maternal serum from the 8th to the 12th gestational week, and rises gradually during pregnancy where it replaces pituitary GH in the maternal circulation. The rise in placental GH may explain the pregnancy-induced rise in maternal serum IGF-I levels. In the fetal compartment, IGF-I levels increase significantly in normally growing fetuses from 18 to 40 weeks of gestation, but IGF-I levels are four to five times lower than those in the maternal circulation. Thus IGF-I levels in fetal as well as in maternal circulation are thought to regulate fetal growth. Circulating levels of IGF-I are thought to be genetically controlled and several IGF-I gene polymorphisms have been described. IGF-I gene polymorphisms are associated with birth weight in some studies but not in all. Likewise, IGF-I gene polymorphisms are associated with serum IGF-I in healthy adults in some studies, although some controversy exists. Serum IGF-I decreases with increasing age in healthy adults, and this decline could hypothetically be responsible for the increased risk of IHD with ageing. A recent nested case-control study found that adults without IHD, but with low circulating IGF-I levels and high IGF binding protein-3 levels, had a significantly increased risk of developing IHD during a 15-year follow-up period. In summary, the GH/IGF-I axis is involved in the regulation of fetal growth. Furthermore, it has been suggested that low IGF-I may increase the risk of IHD in otherwise healthy subjects. Hypothetically, intrauterine programming of the GH/IGF axis may influence postnatal growth, insulin resistance and consequently the risk of cardiovascular disease. Thus IGF-I may serve as a link between fetal growth and adult-onset disease.
The prevalence of retinopathy in impaired glucose tolerance and recent-onset diabetes in the Diabetes Prevention Program.; AIMS: Retinopathy is considered the complication most closely associated with and characteristic of diabetes mellitus. Hyperglycaemia below levels diagnostic of diabetes, so called pre-diabetes, is associated with a low prevalence of 'diabetic' retinopathy. However, few longitudinal studies of non-diabetic populations have performed repeated measures of glycaemia and screened for retinopathy to determine its occurrence in the non-diabetic population and the onset of retinopathy in new-onset diabetic patients. We determined the prevalence of retinopathy characteristically seen in diabetes in persons with impaired glucose tolerance and in patients with new-onset diabetes of known duration in the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) cohort. METHODS: The DPP recruited persons with elevated fasting glucose (5.3-6.9 mmol/l) and impaired glucose tolerance, and no history of diagnosed diabetes, other than gestational diabetes not persisting after pregnancy. Seven-field, stereoscopic fundus photography was completed a mean of 3.1 years after the development of diabetes in 594 of 878 participants who had developed diabetes during the DPP, and in a random sample of 302 participants who remained non-diabetic. RESULTS: Retinopathy consistent with diabetic retinopathy was detected in 12.6 and 7.9% of the diabetic and non-diabetic participants, respectively (P = 0.03, comparing prevalence in the two groups). Systolic blood pressure and HbA(1c) were higher at baseline in the diabetic participants who had retinopathy compared with the diabetic participants without retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS: Retinopathy characteristic of diabetes is present in persons with elevated fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance and no known history of diabetes. The prevalence of retinopathy is significantly higher in persons who develop diabetes, even within 3 years of diagnosis.
Effects of endometriosis on pregnancy outcomes in Fujian province.; OBJECTIVE: Endometriosis is a common gynecological disease, affecting 5 to 10% of women of childbearing age. We analyzed pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes of patients with pregnancies complicated with endometriosis. The aim of the study was to explore the effects of endometriosis on pregnancy and to evaluate the potential pregnancy risks associated with this disease. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The retrospective study included 3,809 parturients who were routinely examined, hospitalized and underwent cesarean section delivery in Fujian Maternal and Child Health Hospital from January 2014 to December 2020. Among them, 1,026 parturients were diagnosed with endometriosis after the cesarean section (endometriosis group), and 2,783 parturients without endometriosis comprised the control group. The endometriosis group was further divided into subgroups according to the severity of the disease: 882 parturients with stage Ⅰ or Ⅱ of endometriosis, and 144 parturients with stage Ⅲ or Ⅳ of endometriosis. General data of all patients and medical records of pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes for each group were collected and retrospectively analyzed. RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in the age, gestational age, gestation, and parity times between all groups (p>0.05). The incidence of preeclampsia and placenta previa in the endometriosis group was higher than that in the control group (p<0.05). There was no significant difference in rates of other pregnancy complications, such as chronic hypertension with pregnancy, preeclampsia with chronic hypertension, hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), premature rupture of membranes or placental abruption between the two groups. The incidence of placenta previa in the group of patients with stage III/IV endometriosis was higher than in patients with stage I/II endometriosis (p<0.05). However, there was no significant difference in the incidence of other pregnancy complications. The amount of postpartum hemorrhage (1,000-1,500 ml) in the endometriosis group was greater than that in the control group, and the difference was statistically significant (p<0.05). However, there was no significant difference in the incidence of postpartum hemorrhage in patients with pregnancies complicated with endometriosis at different stages. CONCLUSIONS: In pregnant women, endometriosis is associated with an increased incidence of placenta previa that correlates with the severity of the disease. Pregnant women with endometriosis have higher rates of preeclampsia and postpartum hemorrhage, compared to women without endometriosis.
Maternal folate, one-carbon metabolism and pregnancy outcomes.; Single nucleotide polymorphisms and pre- and peri-conception folic acid (FA) supplementation and dietary data were used to identify one-carbon metabolic factors associated with pregnancy outcomes in 3196 nulliparous women. In 325 participants, we also measured circulating folate, vitamin B12 and homocysteine. Pregnancy outcomes included preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GHT), small for gestational age (SGA), spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Study findings show that maternal genotype MTHFR A1298C(CC) was associated with increased risk for PE, whereas TCN2 C766G(GG) had a reduced risk for sPTB. Paternal MTHFR A1298C(CC) and MTHFD1 G1958A(AA) genotypes were associated with reduced risk for sPTB, whereas MTHFR C677T(CT) genotype had an increased risk for GHT. FA supplementation was associated with higher serum folate and vitamin B12 concentrations, reduced uterine artery resistance index and increased birth weight. Women who supplemented with <800 μg daily FA at 15-week gestation had a higher incidence of PE (10.3%) compared with women who did not supplement (6.1%) or who supplemented with ≥800 μg (5.4%) (P < .0001). Higher serum folate levels were found in women who later developed GDM compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies (Mean ± SD: 37.6 ± 8 nmol L(-1) vs. 31.9 ± 11.2, P = .007). Fast food consumption was associated with increased risk for developing GDM, whereas low consumption of green leafy vegetables and fruit were independent risk factors for SGA and GDM and sPTB and SGA, respectively. In conclusion, maternal and paternal genotypes, together with maternal circulating folate and homocysteine concentrations, and pre- and early-pregnancy dietary factors, are independent risk factors for pregnancy complications.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with psoriatic arthritis, a population based study.; OBJECTIVES: Many autoimmune diseases negatively affect pregnancies. Studies report conflicting data about the effects of psoriatic arthritis (PsA) in pregnancy. We sought to evaluate the pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with PsA. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-HIS). Cases of PsA were identified using the ICD code 696.0. Pregnancies complicated with PsA were compared with the other pregnancies. A multivariate logistic regression was used to adjust for confounding variables. RESULTS: A total of 9,096,369 control births and 419 with PsA occurred during the study period. Women with PsA were more likely to be older, Caucasian, obese, have a higher income, and private insurance (p-value <0.0001 all). Also, they were more likely to start their pregnancy with chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, thyroid disorders, inflammatory bowel disease, and depression. Rates of pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) (aOR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13-2.21) and small for gestational age (SGA) (aOR 2.42, 95% CI 1.49-3.93) were higher in PsA. There were no differences in the rates of most outcomes including: preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), placenta previa, abruption, modes of delivery, hemorrhage, deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism (PE), chorioamnionitis, intrauterine fetal death, or congenital anomalies (p>0.05 all). CONCLUSIONS: Women with PsA should be reassured about their pregnancy outcomes as only PIH and SGA were more common. Healthcare providers should take appropriate surveillance and preventive methods to mitigate the effect of these two complications in pregnancies complicated with PsA.
Down-regulation of the insulin signaling pathway by SHC may correlate with congenital heart disease in Chinese populations.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common and severe congenital defects. The incidence of fetal cardiac malformation is increased in the context of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, we wanted to determine whether abnormalities in the insulin signaling pathway are associated with the occurrence of nonsyndromic CHD (ns-CHD). METHODS: We used digital gene expression profiling (DGE) of right atrial myocardial tissue samples from eight ns-CHD patients and four controls. The genes potentially associated with CHD were validated by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR analysis of right atrial myocardial tissues from 37 patients and 10 controls and the H9C2 cell line. RESULTS: The results showed that the insulin signaling pathway, which is mediated by the SHC gene family, was inhibited in the ns-CHD patients. The expression levels of five genes (PTPRF, SHC4, MAP2K2, MKNK2, and ELK1) in the pathway were significantly down-regulated in the patients' atrial tissues (P<0.05 for all). In vitro, the H9C2 cells cultured in high glucose (33 mmol/l) expressed less SHC4, MAP2K2, and Elk-1 than those cultured in low glucose (25 mmol/l). Furthermore, the high glucose concentration down-regulated the 25 genes associated with blood vessel development based on Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analyses of RNA-seq data. CONCLUSION: We considered that changes in the insulin signaling pathway mediated by SHC might be involved in the heart development process. This mechanism might account for the increase in the incidence of fetal cardiac malformations in the context of GDM.
Long-Term Cardiovascular Outcomes After Pregnancy in Women With Heart Disease.; Background Women with heart disease are at risk for pregnancy complications, but their long-term cardiovascular outcomes after pregnancy are not known. Methods and Results We examined long-term cardiovascular outcomes after pregnancy in 1014 consecutive women with heart disease and a matched group of 2028 women without heart disease. The primary outcome was a composite of mortality, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, stroke, myocardial infarction, or arrhythmia. Secondary outcomes included cardiac procedures and new hypertension or diabetes mellitus. We compared the rates of these outcomes between women with and without heart disease and adjusted for maternal and pregnancy characteristics. We also determined if pregnancy risk prediction tools (CARPREG [Canadian Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy] and World Health Organization) could stratify long-term risks. At 20-year follow-up, a primary outcome occurred in 33.1% of women with heart disease, compared with 2.1% of women without heart disease. Thirty-one percent of women with heart disease required a cardiac procedure. The primary outcome (adjusted hazard ratio, 19.6; 95% CI, 13.8-29.0; P<0.0001) and new hypertension or diabetes mellitus (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.6; 95% CI, 1.4-2.0; P<0.0001) were more frequent in women with heart disease compared with those without. Pregnancy risk prediction tools further stratified the late cardiovascular risks in women with heart disease, a primary outcome occurring in up to 54% of women in the highest pregnancy risk category. Conclusions Following pregnancy, women with heart disease are at high risk for adverse long-term cardiovascular outcomes. Current pregnancy risk prediction tools can identify women at highest risk for long-term cardiovascular events.
Hydroxychloroquine significantly decreases the risk of preeclampsia in pregnant women with autoimmune disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; This meta-analysis aimed to investigate whether hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) intervention could decrease the incidence of preeclampsia and other maternal and fetal outcomes among pregnant women with autoimmune disorders. PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science, and the Cochrane databases were searched from inception until January 2022. Data on maternal or fetal outcomes of the control and hydroxychloroquine treatment groups were gathered and analyzed. Pooled odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were determined. Cochran's Q test, I(2) statistics, leave-one-out analysis, Baujat plot analysis, GOSH plot analysis, and multivariable meta-regression were applied to assess between-study heterogeneity. The meta-analysis was performed using the Stata V.16.1 software. Baujat plot analysis and GOSH plot analysis were performed using the R V.4.0.0 software. Our study included 21 cohort studies and one case-control study with a total of 3948 pregnancies with immune disorders. HCQ treatment significantly reduced the incidence of preeclampsia (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.33-0.63, p = 0.000, I(2) 3.68%). After outlier omission, HCQ treatment significantly reduced the incidence of premature delivery (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.73-0.96, p = 0.01, I(2) 44.81%) in pregnant women with autoimmune disorders. In sub-group analysis, HCQ also significantly reduced the incidence of gestational hypertension (OR 0.42, 95% CI 0.26-0.68, p = 0.001, I(2) 49.33%) and preterm birth (OR 0.63, 95% CI 0.48-0.82, p = 0.001, I(2) 27.63%) in pregnant women with lupus. The heterogeneity of the findings mentioned above was low to moderate. There were no significant differences in the risk of other outcomes, including gestational diabetes, HELLP syndrome, thrombosis, spontaneous abortion, fetal loss, small for gestational age infant (SGA), low birth weight, stillbirth, APGAR score < 7, and congenital malformation. This meta-analysis indicated that HCQ treatment could significantly decrease the incidence of preeclampsia and premature delivery in pregnant women with autoimmune disorders. In addition, HCQ could reduce the risk of gestational hypertension in pregnant lupus patients.
Estimation of gestational age from study of amniotic fluid and clinical assessment.; Study of 108 samples of amniotic fluid obtained between 28 and 42 weeks' gestation from 101 patients revealed that in normal pregnancies the creatinine concentration, lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio and percentage of fat cells correlated better with the gestational age of the newborn--assessed by clinical criteria--than did the bilirubin and sodium concentrations. A creatinine concentration of 1.75 mg/dL or more, an L/S ratio of 4 or more and a fat cell percentage of 10 or more correlated significantly with a gestational age of 37 weeks or more. In abnormal pregnancies (those with obstetric or medical complications, or both) the mean creatinine concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly less than expected for gestational age in fetal dysmaturity and greater than expected when the mother had diabetes. The mean L/S ratio in the amniotic fluid was elevated when the mother had hypertension or smoked and in cases of fetal dysmaturity or long interval between rupture of the membranes and delivery, whereas it was significantly lower than normal when the mother had diabetes. The mean bilirubin concentration in the amniotic fluid was significantly lower than normal when the mother had hypertension. When the mother had diabetes, maturity of the fetal lung, liver, skin and brain appeared to be delayed, according to the values for the amniotic fluid constituents.
Atrial Natriuretic Peptide (ANP) in early pregnancy is associated with development of preeclampsia in type 1 diabetes.; The vasoactive markers of cardiac overload Atrial Natriuretic Peptide (ANP) and Brain Natriuretic Peptide (BNP) are elevated in preeclampsia. This study documents higher ANP concentrations as early as at 9 weeks in type 1 diabetic women subsequently developing preeclampsia suggesting that preeclampsia is associated with cardiovascular changes in early pregnancy.
A novel mutation in the von hippel-lindau tumor suppressor gene identified in a patient presenting with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) disease is an autosomal dominantly inherited, multisystemic tumor syndrome caused by mutations in the VHL gene. To date, more than 1,000 germline and somatic mutations of the VHL gene have been reported. We present a novel mutation in the VHL tumor suppressor gene that presented with gestational diabetes mellitus. METHODS: A 30-year-old woman presented with gestational diabetes mellitus. She sequentially showed multiple pancreatic cysts, spinal cord hemangioblastoma, cerebellar hemangioblastoma, and clear cell type renal cell carcinomas. Also, her father and brother had brain hemangioblastomas. Each of the three exons of the VHL gene was individually amplified by polymerase chain reaction and direct sequencing was performed using an ABI 3730 DNA analyzer. RESULTS: DNA sequence analysis to determine the presence of VHL mutation in her family revealed del291C, a novel frameshift mutation. CONCLUSION: We found a novel mutation in the VHL tumor suppressor gene that presented with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Maternal Physical Activity During Pregnancy and the Effect on the Mother and Newborn: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: The practice of physical exercise during pregnancy has benefits for both the mother and baby. Currently, there is scientific evidence that supports the inclusion of a monitored physical activity program in the daily activities of pregnant women. The objective of this study is to provide an overview of the current status of the association between physical activity during pregnancy and the effects on the mother and the newborn. METHODS: A systematic review of the literature, assessing each study using the Scottish Intercollegiate Guidelines Network, from different databases PubMed, Embase, or ScienceDirect, on the association between maternal physical activity and its effects on the mother and the newborn published from 2010 until 2018 was conducted. RESULTS: About 25 studies were identified and divided into categories according to the health problems affecting the mother or newborn. It was found that 8% of all the studies received a grade B, 68% obtained a grade C, and the remaining 24% obtained less than a grade C. Improved cardiovascular function, decreased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and the limitation of weight gain are among the benefits to the mother with lower percentage of body fat, increased gestational age, and potentially improved neurodevelopment as benefits for the child. CONCLUSIONS: The realization of physical activity during pregnancy is supported by most of the studies reviewed. However, given the vulnerability of the studied populations, more studies on the association between physical activity and pregnancy are necessary.
Gestational diabetes influences the expression of hypertrophic genes in left ventricle of rat's offspring.; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes increases the risk of congenital heart disease in the offspring, but the molecular mechanism underlying this process remains unclear. Therefore, the current study was conducted to assess the effects of induced gestational diabetes on expression of some involved genes in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Diabetes was induced in 40 adult Wistar rats by intraperitoneal injection of 45 mg/kg of streptozotocin. The day of appearance of the vaginal plug was assumed as day zero of gestation for inducing diabetes. After pregnancy, the offspring was maintained until they reach the age of 12 weeks. Then, their hearts were excised and were sectioned for molecular study. We analyzed the expression pattern of some hypertrophic genes by the quantitative real-time RT-PCR. RESULTS: The mRNA expression levels of all studied genes including c-jun, c-fos, c-myc, alpha-myosin heavy chain (α-MHC), atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) and β-MHC, which are important in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, were higher in the offspring of the diabetic group compared to controls. Significant differences were found for β-MHC and c-myc with P<0.01 and for α-MHC and c-fos with P<0.05. CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes upregulates expression of c-jun, c-fos c-myc, α-MHC, ANF and β-MHC genes that are involved in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats.
Uterine artery Doppler in singleton pregnancies conceived after in-vitro fertilization or intracytoplasmic sperm injection with fresh vs frozen blastocyst transfer: longitudinal cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancies conceived by frozen blastocyst transfer (FBT) have higher gestational age and weight at birth as compared to those derived by fresh blastocyst transfer. The aim of this study was to evaluate uterine artery pulsatility index (UtA-PI) in pregnancies conceived by in-vitro fertilization (IVF) or intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) techniques using fresh vs cryopreserved blastocysts. METHODS: This was a prospective longitudinal study of viable singleton IVF/ICSI pregnancies conceived after FBT or fresh blastocyst transfer, that underwent serial ultrasound assessment at San Raffaele Hospital, Milan, Italy at 7-37 gestational weeks. We excluded pregnancies conceived using other assisted reproductive techniques such as egg donation, twin gestation, pregnancy with abnormality and those resulting in miscarriage. Pregnant women underwent ultrasound assessment at 7-10, 11-14, 18-25 and 26-37 weeks' gestation. Mean UtA-PI was measured using Doppler ultrasound according to The Fetal Medicine Foundation criteria. Pregnancy outcomes were recorded. The primary outcome was mean UtA-PI measurement and secondary outcomes were gestational age at birth, birth weight and fetal and maternal complications, including small-for-gestational age (SGA), pre-eclampsia and large-for-gestational age. UtA-PI values were made Gaussian after log(10) transformation. Analysis of repeated measures using a multilevel linear mixed model (fixed effects and random effects) was performed. The possible effect of other covariates on UtA-PI Doppler values, including body mass index, SGA and pre-eclampsia, was also evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 367 IVF/ICSI cycles, comprising 164 with fresh blastocyst transfer and 203 with FBT, were included and a total of 625 observations (median, 2.5 (range, 1-4)) were collected and analyzed. The FBT group had on average 14% lower UtA-PI compared with the fresh-blastocyst-transfer group. In pregnancies with SGA fetuses, UtA-PI was 18% higher compared to pregnancies without, irrespective of the study group. Pregnancies that underwent fresh blastocyst transfer had significantly lower birth-weight centile (43.4 ± 23.3 vs 50.0 ± 23.1; P = 0.007) and a higher rate of SGA (7.9% vs 2.0%; P = 0.008) compared to those that underwent FBT. No significant differences were found between the two groups with respect to gestational age at birth and rates of preterm birth, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and large-for-gestational age. CONCLUSION: UtA-PI and the proportion of SGA are lower in IVF/ICSI pregnancies conceived after FBT as compared to fresh blastocyst transfer. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Diabetes-induced perturbations are subject to intergenerational transmission through maternal line.; The hypothesis of fetal origins of adult disease states that early life events program the occurrence of significant adult diseases, including diabetes and obesity. Maternal diabetes is associated with general stress environment for developing fetus, and gestational diabetes is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in offspring. Intra-uterine fetal programming of fetal tissues exposes the offspring to increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Here, we examined the transmission of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming in second generation and compared maternal and paternal routes of intergenerational effects. We organized 40 Wistar rats into three groups, male offspring of diabetic mothers, female offspring of diabetic mothers, and offspring of control mothers. These groups were mated with normal healthy rats to assess the effect of grand-maternal diabetes on pregnancy outcome in F2 rats, as well as glucose-sensing parameters, insulin resistance, and glucose tolerance prenatally and postnatally. We found that F2 offspring of diabetic mothers had impaired glucose sensing, increased oxidative stress, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose tolerance, and these effects were more prominent in the F2 offspring of F1 female rats (F2-DF1F). We deduce that fetal programming of maternal diabetes is mostly transmitted through maternal line across two generations.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Geometry and Contractility in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Two-Dimensional Speckle-Tracking Technology.; Background: The most commonly known cardiac effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GD) in the fetus is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, but recent studies show that it is preceded by subclinical cardiac dysfunction. This study aimed to assess the effect of GD on fetal cardiac geometry and contractility by two-dimensional speckle-tracking technology. Methods: We performed a prospective observational study that included 33 pregnant patients with GD and 30 healthy individuals. For all fetuses, a four-chamber 3 s cine-loop was recorded and analyzed with Fetal Heart Quantification (FetalHQ®), a novel proprietary speckle-tracking software. The following cardiac indices were calculated: global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter (EDD), fractional shortening (FS), and sphericity index (SI) for both ventricles. Demographic and cardiac differences between the two groups were analyzed, as well as intra-rater and inter-rater reliability. Results: There were significant changes in right ventricular FAC and FS for segments 4−24 in fetuses exposed to GD (−1 SD, p < 0.05). No significant differences were detected for GSI, GLS, EDD, or SI for either ventricle. Conclusions: Fetuses exposed to GD present impaired right ventricular contractility, especially in the mid and apical segments.
Intracardiac thrombi in extracardiac disorders: an autopsy study.; INTRODUCTION: Intracardiac thrombi (ICT), more commonly encountered at autopsy, are well documented with underlying cardiovascular disease. Occurrence of ICT in systemic diseases without an intrinsic cardiac disorder is rare. The aim of this autopsy study was to highlight such an occurrence. METHODS: From 1996 to 2010, cases with ICT unrelated to primary cardiac disorders were selected at autopsy and analyzed. Clinical and investigational data were obtained from the medical records. The location, morphology, size, and histological appearance of the thrombi were noted. The thrombi were then classified on the basis of their location, nature, and histology (fresh and/or organized); this was correlated with the clinical setting. RESULTS: Among a total of 11,724 autopsies performed in 15 years, 276 patients (2.4%) had ICT. Of these, 45 patients (0.4%) had ICT that were unrelated to primary cardiac diseases. There were 25 men and 20 women with a mean age of 46.1 years. Antemortem diagnosis was not made in any of these patients. Eight patients each (35.6%) showed isolated left-sided and multichambered involvement, while the rest of the hearts (64.4%) had thrombi in the right-sided chamber(s). The recognizable risk factors were underlying cancers (24.4%), prolonged immobilization (20%), systemic lupus erythematosus (6.7%), pregnancy (4.4%), nephropathy (4.4%), primary antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (2.2%), and ulcerative colitis (2.2%). However, 16 patients (35.7%) had no obvious predisposing factor, although investigations for prothrombotic markers had not been done. Diabetes mellitus, chronic alcoholism, and deep vein thrombosis of the lower limbs had been clinically documented in some of them. The cause of death in most patients (73.3%) had been related to pulmonary and/or systemic thromboembolism. CONCLUSIONS: This autopsy study emphasizes the great need for a higher index of suspicion of in situ thrombosis in the heart in hypercoagulable states so as to curtail the morbidity and mortality of the primary disease process.
Whole genome sequencing identifies etiology of recurrent male intrauterine fetal death.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the underlying genetic cause for recurrent intrauterine fetal death (IUFD) of males. METHODS: Whole genome sequencing was performed on DNA from five healthy obligatory carrier females and an unaffected male offspring of a multigenerational pedigree with recurrent second-trimester IUFD of males (n = 19). When documented, all deaths occurred at ≤20 weeks of gestation. Hydrops fetalis was diagnosed at death in the most recent case. RESULTS: Following variant filtering based on a recessive X-linked inheritance pattern, a rare FOXP3 frameshift mutation (p.D303fs*87) that results in a premature truncation of the protein was discovered. Sanger sequencing confirmed the mutation in the affected fetus. The FOXP3 gene encodes for a transcriptional regulator critical to the function of regulatory T cells. FOXP3 mutations are associated with immune dysregulation, polyendocrinopathy, enteropathy, and X-linked (IPEX) syndrome which exclusively affects males and may present with a potentially life-threatening complex autoimmune disorder in early childhood. CONCLUSIONS: Here, we demonstrate the utility of whole genome sequencing-based pedigree analysis to identify the genetic cause for recurrent IUFD when chromosome studies, including microarray analysis, are normal. Further studies are needed to determine the prevalence of FOXP3-mediated IUFD in males. © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes With Risk of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Postmenopausal Women.; IMPORTANCE: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) may have unique risk factors in women. Most women have a history of pregnancy; common adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) appear to be associated with ASCVD, but prior studies have limitations. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether APOs are associated with increased ASCVD risk independently of traditional risk factors. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The APO history among participants in the Women's Health Initiative, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women, was assessed. The associations of 5 self-reported APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight [ie, birth weight less than 2.49 kg], high birth weight [ie, birth weight greater than 4.08 kg], and preterm delivery by 3 weeks or more) with ASCVD were analyzed, adjusting for traditional ASCVD risk factors. Data were collected and analyzed in 2017. EXPOSURES: APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Adjudicated ASCVD. RESULTS: A total of 48 113 Women's Health Initiative participants responded to the survey; the median (interquartile range) age at time of enrollment was 60.0 (55.0-64.0) years. A total of 13 482 participants (28.8%) reported 1 or more APOs. Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease was more frequent in women who reported an APO compared with those without APOs (1028 of 13 482 [7.6%] vs 1758 of 30 522 [5.8%]). Each APO, analyzed separately, was significantly associated with ASCVD, and gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, and preterm delivery remained significant after adjustment for traditional ASCVD risk factors. When all APOs were analyzed together, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.15-1.40) and low birth weight (odds ratio, 1.12; 95% CI, 1.00-1.26) remained independently associated with ASCVD. All findings were materially unchanged by additional adjustment for parity, body mass index, and socioeconomic factors. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this large multiethnic cohort of women, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and low birth weight were independently associated with ASCVD after adjustment for risk factors and other APOs.
High cholesterol dietary intake during pregnancy is associated with large for gestational age in a sample of low-income women of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.; The association between the quality of maternal dietary fat intake during pregnancy and the infant's birthweight (BW) remains controversial. Our goal was to investigate the association between maternal dietary fat intake during pregnancy and the rate of large for gestational age (LGA) newborns. This study employed a cross-sectional analysis of 297 pairs of mothers/children attending a public maternity at Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. BW for gestational age according to the Intergrowth 21st was defined as follows: adequate for gestational age (AGA ≤ 90th percentile) and LGA (>90th percentile). The statistical analysis was a Poisson regression with robust estimations of the standard errors. Maternal dietary fat intake variables comprised lipids (% total energy); saturated (mg/1000 kcal), monounsaturated (mg/1000 kcal) and polyunsaturated (mg/1000 kcal) fats; and cholesterol (mg/1000 kcal), all of which were obtained with a Food Frequency Questionnaire. The mean BW was 3338 g (SD = 446.9), and the rate of LGA newborns was 13.1%. The mean maternal total energy intake was 2880 kcal (SD = 1074), cholesterol was 154.3 mg/1000 kcal (SD = 68.1) and monounsaturated fat was 6.9 mg/1000 kcal (SD = 2). Mothers of LGA newborns reported higher cholesterol dietary intake (195.8 vs. 148 mg/1000 kcal; P < 0.001), pre-pregnancy body mass index (25.1 vs. 23.5 kg/m(2) ; P = 0.026) when compared with mothers of AGA newborns. Women with cholesterol intake within the fourth quartile were 2.48 (95% confidence interval: 1.31-4.66) times more likely to have an LGA infant compared with those in the 1-3 quartiles. Dietary intake of cholesterol during pregnancy influences LGA even after adjusting for other confounders.
Insertion and deletion polymorphism in the alpha-2B adrenoceptor gene in pregnant women ripens gestational diabetes mellitus.; There are no earlier studies that reported the association of the 12Glu9 polymorphism in the alpha-2B adrenoceptor (ADRA2B) gene with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We examined the potential association between the ADRA2B gene insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism in the Saudi population with GDM. Pregnant women with GDM have been reported to exhibit the same susceptibility as that observed in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We have selected I/D polymorphism of the ADRA2B gene located in chromosome 2q11.1 that has been extensively related to T2DM and cardiovascular diseases. This case-control study was conducted with 200 GDM and 300 non-GDM pregnant women. Genotyping of I/D polymorphism was performed by conventional PCR method. Biochemical analyses were found to be significantly different between GDM and non-GDM subjects (p < 0.05). Genotype (ID + DD vs II, p = 0.0002) and allele (D vs I, p = 0.0002) frequencies of the 12Glu9 polymorphism were found to be statistically significant. However, a significant difference was found between allele and genotypes of I/D polymorphism of the ADRA2B gene or the clinical characteristics of the subjects. Our results obtained in this study indicate the ADRA2B gene in the Saudi women was associated with the development of GDM.
The relationship between falling insulin requirements and serial ultrasound measurements in women with preexisting diabetes: a prospective cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: A large fall in insulin requirements (FIR) in women with diabetes is associated with adverse clinical outcomes but previous studies have not examined its relation with serial ultrasound parameters. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether FIR is associated with alteration in umbilical artery Doppler parameters and fetal growth restriction (FGR) in women with preexisting diabetes. METHODS: Serial obstetric Doppler ultrasounds were conducted 2 weekly from 28 weeks gestation in women with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes who were being treated with insulin. Estimated fetal weight (EFW), head circumference:abdominal circumference (HC:AC) ratio and umbilical artery doppler parameters (SD ratio) and pulsatility index (PI) were measured. Information on insulin dose was collected prospectively throughout pregnancy and women with FIR ≥ 15% were considered cases. Linear mixed effect models were used to assess the association between FIR and ultrasound parameters. RESULTS: One hundred and forty two women were included in the study (type 1 diabetes n = 41, type 2 diabetes n = 101). Thirty women demonstrated FIR ≥ 15%. There was no significant difference in the change of S/D ratio or PI over the third trimester in cases with FIR ≥ 15%, compared to the rest of the cohort, before or after adjusting for type of diabetes. Likewise there was no difference in EFW and HC:AC ratio with advancing gestation before or after adjusting for variables known to influence fetal growth. FGR rates (3.3 vs 8% p = 0.298) and high S/D ratio > 95% (13.3 vs 8%, p = 0.296) were similar between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: FIR ≥ 15% was not associated with changes in placental flow or FGR however larger studies are needed to evaluate this further.
Association of cardiovascular emerging risk factors with acute coronary syndrome and stroke: A case-control study.; In this study, we estimated the risk of acute coronary syndrome and stroke associated with several emerging cardiovascular risk factors. This was a case-control study, where an age - and sex-matched acute coronary syndrome group and stroke group were compared with controls. Demographic and clinical data were collected through patient interviews, and blood samples were taken for analysis. In the bivariate analysis, all cardiovascular risk factors analyzed showed as predictors of acute coronary syndrome and stroke, except total cholesterol and smoking. In the multivariate logistic regression model for acute coronary syndrome, hypertension and body mass index, N-terminal section brain natriuretic peptide and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A were independent predictors. For stroke, the predictors were hypertension, diabetes mellitus, body mass index, and N-terminal section brain natriuretic peptide. Controlling for age, sex, and classical cardiovascular risk factors, N-terminal section brain natriuretic peptide and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A were independent emerging cardiovascular risk factors for acute coronary syndrome, but pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A was not for stroke. High levels of cardiovascular risk factors in individuals with no episodes of cardiovascular disease requires the implementation of prevention programs, given that at least half of them are modifiable.
Iron deficiency during the first 1000 days of life: are we doing enough to protect the developing brain?; Iron is essential for the functioning of all cells and organs, most critically for the developing brain in the fundamental neuronal processes of myelination, energy and neurotransmitter metabolism. Iron deficiency, especially in the first 1000 days of life, can result in long-lasting, irreversible deficits in cognition, motor function and behaviour. Pregnant women, infants and young children are most vulnerable to iron deficiency, due to their high requirements to support growth and development, coupled with a frequently inadequate dietary supply. An unrecognised problem is that even if iron intake is adequate, common pregnancy-related and lifestyle factors can affect maternal-fetal iron supply in utero, resulting in an increased risk of deficiency for the mother and her fetus. Although preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus and intrauterine growth restriction are known risk factors, more recent evidence suggests that maternal obesity and delivery by caesarean section further increase the risk of iron deficiency in the newborn infant, which can persist into early childhood. Despite the considerable threat that early-life iron deficiency poses to long-term neurological development, life chances and a country's overall social and economic progress, strategies to tackle the issue are non-existent, too limited or totally inappropriate. Prevention strategies, focused on improving the health and nutritional status of women of reproductive age are required. Delayed cord clamping should be considered a priority. Better screening strategies to enable the early detection of iron deficiency during pregnancy and early-life should be prioritised, with intervention strategies to protect maternal health and the developing brain.
Efficacy of fetal echocardiography and yield by risk category.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the efficacy and yield of tertiary center fetal echocardiography for different high-risk groups. METHODS: Between January 1, 1982, and January 1, 1994, scans for anomalies were performed on 3246 women at increased risk for congenital heart disease in their offspring. Gestational age was 16-25 weeks in 83%. Maternal and gestational age as well as prenatal and postnatal diagnosis were recorded, and follow-up was sought for all pregnancies. By comparing prenatal and postnatal diagnoses, sensitivity, specificity, and predictive values were estimated. Multiple logistic regression was applied to establish the relative yield within the high-risk group. RESULTS: Follow-up was available in 3223 cases (99%). In a separate validation study of 777 women for whom a second set of follow-up data was requested, no additional anomalies were revealed. In total, 20 of 47 cases of cardiac malformations were detected (sensitivity 43%). When taking into account cases that remained undetected because of unfavorable scanning conditions (ie, minute size of the anomaly, awkward fetal position, or severe maternal obesity), the sensitivity for congenital heart disease rose to 51%. Specificity and predictive values were high (above 95%). The relative yield across the high-risk group appeared to be high for parental congenital heart disease and maternal diabetes mellitus, whereas a previous infant or other relatives affected, maternal anti-epileptic drug use, maternal drug abuse, and other reasons for referral each had an estimated yield approximately equal to the prevalence of congenital heart disease in the general population (0.8%). CONCLUSION: Fetal echocardiography for known increased risk appears to be moderately effective. Clear differences in yield are present across currently accepted risk categories.
Premature cardiovascular disease following a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Following an episode of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) women have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease over their lifetime. At the time of acute coronary syndrome we compared clinical information between women with and without a history of hypertension in pregnancy to gain further insight into the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease in this population. METHODS: GENESIS-PRAXY (GENdEr and Sex determInantS of cardiovascular disease: from bench to beyond-PRemature Acute Coronary SYdrome) is a prospective multicenter study, with recruitment between January 2009 and April 2013, including 242 parous women with premature acute coronary syndrome. RESULTS: The median age was 50years (IQR 6) and HDP was common; 43 (17.8%) women had prior gestational hypertension, 33 (13.6%) preeclampsia and 166 (68.6%) a prior normotensive pregnancy. Women with a history of HDP commonly had chronic hypertension and diabetes and those presenting with ST-elevation myocardial infarction were more likely to have a history of preeclampsia (aOR 3.12, 95% CI 1.22-8.01) than were women with prior normotensive pregnancies. Neither gestational hypertension (aOR 1.40, 95% CI 0.60-3.26) nor preeclampsia (aOR 0.63, 95% CI 0.23-1.74) was associated with a higher composite risk of three-vessel, left main or proximal left anterior descending coronary disease. CONCLUSION: In this study of women with premature cardiovascular disease, ST-elevation myocardial infarction was associated with a history of preeclampsia possibly because of persistent endothelial dysfunction. High-risk coronary lesions on angiography did not appear to have an association with preeclampsia or gestational hypertension despite a high burden of traditional risk factors.
Niaspan increases axonal remodeling after stroke in type 1 diabetes rats.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: We investigated axonal plasticity in the bilateral motor cortices and the long term therapeutic effect of Niaspan on axonal remodeling after stroke in type-1 diabetic (T1DM) rats. EXPERIMENTAL APPROACHES: T1DM was induced in young adult male Wistar rats via injection of streptozotocin. T1DM rats were subjected to 2h transient middle cerebral artery occlusion (MCAo) and were treated with 40 mg/kg Niaspan or saline starting 24 h after MCAo and daily for 28 days. Anterograde tracing using biotinylated dextran amine (BDA) injected into the contralateral motor cortex was performed to assess axonal sprouting in the ipsilateral motor cortex area. Functional outcome, SMI-31 (a pan-axonal microfilament marker), Bielschowsky silver and synaptophysin expression were measured. In vitro studies using primary cortical neuron (PCN) cultures and in vivo BDA injection into the brain to anterogradely label axons and terminals were employed. RESULTS: Niaspan treatment of stroke in T1DM-MCAo rats significantly improved functional outcome after stroke and increased SMI-31, Bielschowsky silver and synaptophysin expression in the ischemic brain compared to saline treated T1DM-MCAo rats (p<0.05). Using BDA to anterograde label axons and terminals, Niaspan treatment significantly increased axonal density in ipsilateral motor cortex in T1DM-MCAo rats (p<0.05, n=7/group). Niacin treatment of PCN significantly increased Ang1 expression under high glucose condition. Niacin and Ang1 significantly increased neurite outgrowth, and anti-Ang1 antibody marginally attenuated Niacin induced neurite outgrowth (p=0.06, n=6/group) in cultured PCN under high glucose condition. CONCLUSION: Niaspan treatment increased ischemic brain Ang1 expression and promoted axonal remodeling in the ischemic brain as well as improved functional outcome after stroke. Ang1 may partially contribute to Niaspan-induced axonal remodeling after stroke in T1DM-rats.
Evaluating the Causal Effects of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Heart Disease, and High Body Mass Index on Maternal Alzheimer's Disease and Dementia: Multivariable Mendelian Randomization.; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), heart disease (HD) and high body mass index (BMI) are strongly related to Alzheimer's disease (AD) dementia in pregnant women. Therefore, we aimed to determine the total effects of GDM, heart disease, and high BMI on maternal AD dementia. Methods: We used data from the genome-wide association studies of European populations including more than 30,000 participants. We performed two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) and multivariable MR (MVMR) to systematically estimate the direct effects of GDM, HD, and high BMI on maternal AD and dementia. Multiple sensitivity analyses involving classical MR approaches and expanded MR-pleiotropy residual sum and outlier analysis. Results: In two-sample MR analysis, the inverse-variance weighted method in our study demonstrated no significant causality between GDM and maternal dementia (β = -0.006 ± 0.0026, p = 0.82). This method also revealed no significant causality between high BMI and maternal dementia (β = 0.0024 ± 0.0043, p = 0.57), and it was supported by the MR-Egger regression results, which showed no causal effect of high BMI on maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (β = 0.0027 ± 0.0096, p = 0.78). The IVW method showed no significant causal relationship between maternal HD and maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (β = -0.05 ± 0.0042, p = 0.117) and MR-Egger regression analysis gave a similar result (β = -0.12 ± 0.0060, p = 0.079). In MVMR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, high BMI, or HD and maternal Alzheimer's disease and dementia (p = 0.94, 0.82, and 0.13, respectively). Thus, the MVMR estimates were consistent with our results from the two-sample MR analysis. We confirmed that these results showed no horizontal pleiotropy and enhanced the robustness of our results through multiple sensitivity analyses. Conclusion: In two-sample MR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. These results differed from previous observational studies showing HD is a significant predictor of dementia. MVMR analysis supported no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. Sensitivity analysis broadly increased the robustness of two-sample MR and MVMR analysis results.
Successful pregnancy after simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation from a brain-dead donor: the first case report in Japan.; Simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation is a revolutionary medical procedure to cure diabetes mellitus and its complications in one step. For women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and end-stage renal disease, this procedure not only treats their disease but may also allow them to have children. Worldwide, 77 pregnancies from 43 pancreas-kidney recipients have been reported. Here, we present the first case report of successful pregnancy after simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation from a brain-dead donor in Japan. She conceived spontaneously 32 months after transplantation. Her pregnancy course was favorable except for mild rejection of the grafted pancreas and development of gestational diabetes. She delivered a 2882-g healthy infant in October 2010. Pregnancy after simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation is discussed.
Plasma fibrinogen concentration in a Chinese population.; Plasma fibrinogen concentration has been shown to be a predictor of major cardiovascular events. Information on plasma fibrinogen amongst Chinese has been scanty. We examined the relationships between plasma fibrinogen concentration and cardiovascular risk factors in 988 chinese subjects who underwent 75 g oral glucose tolerance test for screening for glucose intolerance. The study involved a selected sample with subjects who had an history of gestational diabetes, delivery of big babies (birth weight > or = 4 kg), equivocal plasma glucose concentrations and subjects who were family members of diabetic patients. This was mainly a non-smoking (96.6%), non-drinking (98%) and non-exercising (99%) population of which 87% (n = 855) were female. Among the 988 subjects (age +/- S.D. 36.8 +/- 10.2, range 16-79 years), plasma fibrinogen concentration ranged from 1.40 to 9.90 g/l with a mean of 3.26 +/- 0.93 g/l. On stratification of the subjects into 4 quartiles based on plasma fibrinogen concentrations, we found that increased plasma fibrinogen was associated with older age, higher body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP), fasting and 2 h plasma glucose (PG), prevalence of diabetes, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and triglyceride (TG) level. After adjustment for age and sex, increased plasma fibrinogen concentration remained associated with higher BMI, systolic BP, 2 h PG and TG level. On multivariate analysis using age, BMI, BP, TG, HbA1c and PG as independent variables, plasma fibrinogen was independently related to plasma TG concentration and HbA1c. With 1 S.D. change in TG concentration and HbA1c, there were 3.7 and 5.2% changes in plasma fibrinogen concentration respectively. These findings emphasize the close relationships between plasma fibrinogen and cardiovascular risk factors, in particular abnormal lipid and glucose metabolism.
Diabetes insipidus complicating apoplexy during pregnancy: the potential use of copeptin.; Pituitary apoplexy during pregnancy is rare but important to recognise, particularly in the hyperoestrogenaemic state when known lactotroph hyperplasia occurs. Untreated, the complication rates from pituitary adenomas depend upon the size of the adenoma before pregnancy. A history of thirst plus polydipsia during pregnancy raises suspicion for diabetes insipidus and a 24-h urine collection quantifying polyuria with an inappropriately low urine osmolality confirms the diagnosis. Further evaluation for assessing diabetes insipidus in pregnancy may be facilitated by the use of a copeptin.
Cardiovascular disease screening.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death amongst women worldwide. Cardiovascular risk assessment and primary prevention are important strategies to improve morbidity and mortality. In additional to the traditional risk factors, pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increment future risk of developing cardiovascular complications. Additionally, several serum biomarkers are valuable measures for both risk assessment and predictors of clinical outcomes in women. The purpose of this review is to describe current risk stratification schemes as well as outline the role of obstetric history and serum biomarkers in adjusting risk stratification in women.
Should patients with polycystic ovary syndrome be treated with metformin? Benefits of insulin sensitizing drugs in polycystic ovary syndrome--beyond ovulation induction.; The debate on metformin use in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has mainly focused on its treatment for infertility in ovulation induction and menstrual cyclicity. Here we will summarize the data supporting the effect of metformin on improving hyperandrogenaemia and hyperinsulinaemia in PCOS patients. We propose that metformin benefits PCOS patients undergoing gonadotrophin therapy and IVF as well as ovulation induction. We also advocate the use of insulin sensitizing drugs to reduce miscarriage rates, and risks associated with coronary artery disease, gestational diabetes and obesity.
Glucose intolerance as a predictor of hypertension in pregnancy.; Insulin resistance is associated with and may be causal in essential hypertension, but the relation between insulin resistance and hypertension arising de novo in pregnancy is unclear. Transient hypertension of pregnancy (new-onset nonproteinuric hypertension of late pregnancy) is associated with a high risk of later essential hypertension and thus may have similar pathophysiology. To assess the association between glucose intolerance and subsequent development of proteinuric and nonproteinuric hypertension in pregnancy in women without underlying essential hypertension or overt glucose intolerance, we performed a retrospective case-control study comparing glucose levels on routine screening for gestational diabetes mellitus among women subsequently developing hypertension. Women who developed hypertension in pregnancy (n = 97) had significantly higher glucose levels on 50-g oral glucose loading test (P < .01) and a significantly higher frequency of abnormal glucose loading tests (> or = 7.8 mmol/L) (P < .01) than women who remained normotensive (n = 77). Relative glucose intolerance was particularly common in women who developed nonproteinuric hypertension. Women who developed hypertension also had greater prepregnancy body mass index (P < or = .0001) and baseline systolic and diastolic blood pressures (P < or = .0001 for both), although all subjects were normotensive at baseline by study design. However, after adjustment for these and other potential confounders, an abnormal glucose loading test remained a significant predictor of development of hypertension (P < .05) and, specifically, nonproteinuric hypertension in pregnancy (P < .01). Among a subgroup of women in whom insulin levels were also measured (n = 80), there was a nonsignificant trend toward higher insulin levels in women developing hypertension.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Exploring the effectiveness of physical activity interventions in women with previous gestational diabetes: A systematic review of quantitative and qualitative studies.; Women with previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) have seven times the risk of Type 2 diabetes later in life compared to women without GDM. Physical activity can reduce this risk and most women with previous GDM are not physically active. AIMS: To explore: (1) effectiveness of physical activity interventions for women with previous GDM; (2) factors that women with previous GDM perceive influence their physical activity; (3) how these factors are addressed by the interventions. METHODS: A systematic review of quantitative (aim 1) and qualitative (aim 2) studies with a mixed-methods synthesis (aim 3) was conducted in October 2017 following Cochrane methodology. Of 8101 articles identified, twenty-eight studies were included in total: 18 in Review 1 and 10 in Review 2. RESULTS: Four interventions significantly increased physical activity and 14 had either mixed effectiveness or no changes in physical activity. Reporting of intervention components and study quality varied greatly. Relevant qualitative factors included accounting for childcare issues, social support and cultural sensitivities. Interventions that incorporated these factors were associated with effectiveness. Education about how to reduce future risk of Type 2 diabetes and using pedometers in interventions were not associated with intervention effectiveness. Other factors that future interventions should address consist of 'putting others before yourself'; 'putting off lifestyle change'; 'lack of support from healthcare professionals' and 'being a healthy role model for families'. CONCLUSION: Combining the results of qualitative and quantitative studies can provide a nuanced understanding of the effectiveness of physical activity and lifestyle interventions.
The Pregravid Vascular Risk Factor Profile of Low-Risk Women Who Develop Pregnancy Outcomes That Predict Future Cardiovascular Disease.; Background: Women with a history of certain adverse outcomes in pregnancy (preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational age [SGA] infant, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM]) have an elevated lifetime prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular disease, compared with their peers. However, it is not known if MetS precedes the index pregnancy in young, nulliparous women who experience these antepartum outcomes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between pregravid cardiovascular risk factor profile and these pregnancy outcomes in low-risk women. Methods: In this prospective preconception cohort study, 1183 newly married women underwent systematic assessment of cardiovascular risk factors (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, glucose) at median 24.7 weeks before pregnancy, whereupon they were followed for the outcomes of preterm birth, SGA delivery, preeclampsia, and GDM. Results: Women who had pregravid MetS (harmonized definition) (n = 49) were more likely to have a Caesarean delivery than their peers (61.4% vs. 38.6%, p = 0.003). However, they did not have a higher incidence of preterm delivery, SGA, preeclampsia, or GDM. Similarly, women who had at least one of these adverse pregnancy outcomes (n = 141) did not have a higher prevalence of MetS or any of its component disorders before pregnancy. Indeed, before pregnancy, there were no significant differences between these women and their peers in waist circumference, body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, triglycerides, low-density-lipoprotein, or high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusions: The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is seen in women with a history of preterm birth, SGA, preeclampsia, or GDM does not necessarily manifest before their pregnancy.
Cardiovascular risk factors in parents of short children born small for gestational age.; Small for gestational age (SGA) children have a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors at a young age. It is not known whether this increased risk is caused by their size at birth, a familial predisposition for cardiovascular disease or smallness at birth or a combination of these factors. The cardiovascular risk profile of parents of SGA children is unknown. We compared anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting serum lipid, glucose, and insulin levels of 482 parents (mean age 41 y) and 286 short SGA children with age- and sex-matched references. We also investigated whether these parameters correlated between parents and their offspring. Mothers had higher systolic blood pressure, fathers had a higher body mass index and parents had more frequently high fasting glucose levels than age- and sex-matched references. Children had significantly higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure than sex- and height-matched references. Twenty-four percent (mothers) and 10% (fathers) were born SGA but they did not have more cardiovascular risk factors than those born appropriate for gestational age. Cardiovascular risk factors did not correlate between parents and children. In conclusion, parents of short SGA children have a modest increase in some cardiovascular risk factors but risk factors did not correlate between parents and children.
Ultrasonographic diagnosis of fetal hemodynamic parameters in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: It was to investigate the diagnosis of fetal hemodynamics in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy by color Doppler ultrasonography. METHODS: 55 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the third trimester of pregnancy who were clinically diagnosed and treated in Haian City People's Hospital of Jiangsu Province were selected as the observation group, and 55 pregnant women with normal prenatal examination results were selected as the controls. The hemodynamic parameters of fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA), umbilical artery (UA), and renal artery (RA) were detected, including the ratio of maximum systolic blood flow velocity to end-diastolic blood flow velocity (S/D), resistance index (RI) and arterial pulsation index (PI). Fasting serum levels of maternal patients were collected for detecting Cystain C (Cys C) and homocysteine (Hcy) to analyze the predictive value of serological indexes and target arterial hemodynamics parameters for adverse pregnancy outcome (APO). RESULTS: The results showed that compared with controls, in the observation group, RI, PI, and S/D of MCA and RA increased significantly, while RI, PI and S/D of UA decreased obviously (P < 0.05), the levels of serum Cys C and Hcy were clearly increased (P < 0.05). The APO rate of controls and observation group was 10.91 % and 25.45 %, respectively. It was found that the area under the curve of serum Cys C, Hcy, and the APO predicted by the hemodynamic parameters of fetal MCA, UA, and RA were all greater than 0.75 (P < 0.05). Multiple Logistic regression analysis showed that serum Cys C and Hcy, and the hemodynamic parameters of fetal MCA, UA and RA were correlated with APO (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: In summary, maternal blood glucose level can affect fetal hemodynamic parameters. In the third trimester of pregnancy, the changes of blood flow parameters of fetal MCA, UA, RA, and maternal serum Cys C and Hcy levels are helpful to understand fetal status in utero, and can be used to predict APO.
Factors Associated with Occurrence of Stillbirth before 32 Weeks of Gestation in a Contemporary Cohort.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to quantify the distribution of stillbirths by gestational age (GA) in a contemporary cohort and to determine identifiable risk factors associated with stillbirth prior to 32 weeks of gestation. STUDY DESIGN: Population-based case-control study of all stillbirths in the United States during the year 2014, utilizing vital statistics data, obtained from the National Center for Health Statistics. Distribution of stillbirths were stratified by 20 to 44 weeks of GA, in women diagnosed with stillbirth in the antepartum period. Pregnancy characteristics were compared between those diagnosed with stillbirth <32 versus ≥32 weeks of gestation. Multivariate logistic regression estimated the relative influence of various factors on the outcome of stillbirth prior to 32 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: There were 15,998 nonlaboring women diagnosed with stillbirth during 2014 in the United States between 20 and 44 weeks. Of them, 60.1% (n = 9,618) occurred before antenatal fetal surveillance (ANFS) is typically initiated (<32 weeks) and 39.9% (n = 6,380) were diagnosed at ≥32 weeks. Women with stillbirth prior to 32 weeks were more likely to be of non-Hispanic Black race (29.0 vs. 23.9%, p < 0.001), nulliparous (53.8 vs. 50.6%, p = 0.001), have chronic hypertension (CHTN; 6.0 vs. 4.3%, p < 0.001), and fetal growth restriction as evidenced by small for GA (SGA < 10th%) birth weight (44.8 vs. 42.1%, p < 0.001) as opposed to women with stillbirth after 32 weeks. After adjustment, SGA birth weight (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.2, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.1-1.3), Black race (aOR = 1.2, 95% CI: 1.1-1.3), and CHTN (aOR = 1.3, 95% CI: 1.1-1.5) were associated with stillbirth prior to 32 weeks of gestation as opposed to stillbirth after 32 weeks. CONCLUSION: More than 6 out of 10 stillbirths in this study occurred <32 weeks of gestation, before ANFS is typically initiated under American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommendations. Among identifiable risk factors, CHTN, Black race, and fetal growth restriction were associated with higher risk of stillbirth before 32 weeks of gestation. Earlier ANFS may be warranted at in certain "at risk" women. KEY POINTS: · Six out of 10 stillbirths occur before 32 weeks of gestation.. · We evaluated factors associated with stillbirth <32 weeks.. · Hypertension and fetal growth restriction were associated with early stillbirth..
The prenatal causes of slight lateral ventricular enlargement in healthy infants.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine the prenatal causes of slight lateral ventricular enlargement in healthy infants. METHODS: We examined 1089 healthy infants who weighed at least 2000 g and were born at a gestational age of at least 36 weeks. We assessed the presence of ventricular enlargement when an apparent space was observed in the frontal horn or body of the lateral ventricle of the brain by a transfontanel ultrasound scan. We investigated the relationships between slight lateral ventricular enlargement and various prenatal factors. RESULTS: Slight lateral ventricular enlargement was observed in 497 (45.6%) infants. Slight lateral ventricular enlargement was related to maternal anemia (p = .004; odds ratio = 1.630; 95% CI: 1.168-2.276), threatened premature labor (p = .010; odds ratio = 1.441; 95% CI: 1.093-1.900), and diabetes mellitus (p = .022; odds ratio = 2.020; 95% CI: 1.109-3.682) using multiple logistic regression analysis. The birth weight of the infants with slight lateral ventricular enlargement was heavier than that of those without ventricular enlargement at 36-40 weeks of gestation. Forty infants with ventricular enlargement had head circumferences greater than the 90th percentile, while only one infant without ventricular enlargement did (p < .001). In addition, 22 infants with ventricular enlargement had head circumferences less than the 10th percentile, while only 4 infants without ventricular enlargement did (p < .001). In 497 infants with ventricular enlargement, the numbers of infants with left side dominant, equivalent, and right side dominant ventricular enlargement were 289 (58.1%), 110 (22.1), and 98 (19.7%), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Slight lateral ventricular enlargement could be caused by several pathological conditions in utero, including brain atrophy, ventricular enlargement, the influence of blood flow in the brain, and various pathological changes in different brain regions.
Pregnancy disorders in Africa and the obstetric dilemma.; The high neonatal and maternal morbidity and mortality associated with the extremes of birth weight is referred to as the obstetric dilemma. Pre-eclampsia and other conditions that lead to low birth weight are considered as the Great Obstetrical Syndromes (GOS). At the other extreme is high birth weight resulting in obstructed labour. Fetal weight largely depends on placental function and defective placentation is a common feature of the GOS. There is evidence that the local uterine immune system (KIR and HLA-C) regulates placentation, with racial differences noted. These differences may be responsible for the striking obstetric dilemma in Africans.
Diabetes: An Update on the Pandemic and Potential Solutions.; Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disease with deadly, disabling, and costly consequences for individuals, families, communities, and countries. Although they are phenotypically distinct, diabetes subtypes (type 1, type 2, gestational, and other forms) are all defined by elevated blood glucose levels. Approximately 95 percent of diabetes cases worldwide are type 2 diabetes (previously known as adult-onset or non-insulin-dependent diabetes), which is the focus of this chapter. Type 1 diabetes (previously known as insulin-dependent diabetes) most commonly begins in childhood and adolescence. Gestational diabetes refers to elevated blood glucose levels during pregnancy among women without previous diabetes and is associated with fetal, birthing, and early childhood complications as well as higher risk of the mother developing postgestation diabetes. The growth of diabetes and its impacts have accelerated worldwide since the end of the twentieth century (NCD-RisC 2016), likely correlated with expansion of diabetes risk factors, especially population aging and obesity. Diabetes is a multifactorial condition. Because genetic, epigenetic, lifestyle, economic, and psychosocial factors all contribute to the development of diabetes (McCarthy 2010; Stumvoll, Goldstein, and van Haeften 2005), preventing and managing the condition require action at policy, program, clinical practice, and individual levels (Hill and others 2013). Reliable and meaningful estimates of burdens, risk factors, and effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of interventions as well as evaluations of existing policies, are limited; data are especially scarce in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs). This chapter focuses on what can and should be done to address diabetes. We present the available data regarding global burdens and trends in diabetes; review available evidence and assess the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of interventions to prevent, detect, and control diabetes; and report summary expert opinions regarding the priority and feasibility of implementing these interventions. Assimilating evidence from countries at different income levels, we provide global perspectives on the diabetes pandemic, recommend priority interventions, and identify remaining data gaps.
Mermaid syndrome: Rare genetic anomaly.; Mermaid syndrome (Sirenomelia) is a rare fatal congenital anomaly. The prevalence is reported to be 1 in 100,000 births. The baby appears to have a fish-like tail and joined legs featuring a mermaid at the time of birth or during antenatal screening. Most of these patients die shortly after birth, denoting rare survival rate. Gastrointestinal and genitourinary obstruction with single umbilical artery are the clinical symptoms. Two important hypotheses support the Sirenomelia disorder: the artery steal hypothesis, called the vitelline artery, and the blastogenesis defect hypothesis. There is no known reason for MS, but certain risk factors need to be identified, which include mother aged more than 40 years or less than 20 years at the time of giving birth, cousin marriage, exposure to teratogenic agents, and family history. A case of this rare congenital disorder was seen in Civil Hospital Faisalabad, Pakistan, which was referred from Duniyapur, District Lodhran, Pakistan. The neonate presented with fused lower limbs, congenital heart disease, and high-grade fever. The mother had a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The baby had fused legs, unidentified internal and external genital system, thumbs anomaly, bile in vomit, and despite life-saving efforts, the patient expired after five days of birth. There is lack of information regarding symptoms and a lack of prenatal screening for MS. Hence, there is a need to create awareness among health care professionals to identify the disease on screening for early diagnosis.
Placental weight percentile curves in a Danish population.; INTRODUCTION: The role of the placenta is to transport oxygen and nutrients to the fetus, and a well-functioning placenta is vital to fetal health. Our aim was to develop placental weight percentile curves adjusted by gestational age, and stratified by major maternal comorbidities. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study was a population study in a Danish cohort. Data was drawn from The Medical Birth Register and the National Patient Register. We included singleton births with a gestational age of 22 + 0 to 42 + 6 weeks. We excluded multiple pregnancies, stillbirths and retained placentas. A total of 611 418 placentas were included. Percentile line graphs were created in groups of all placentas, hypertensive disorders and diabetic disorders. RESULTS: Tables and figures are presented for placental weight percentile curves according to gestational age for all placentas, hypertensive disorders and diabetic disorders, respectively. Placental weight was generally higher in the diabetic placentas, and lower in the hypertensive placentas. CONCLUSIONS: These percentile curves may serve as a reference for other populations, and may be useful for other studies investigating the role of the placenta in relation to pregnancy outcomes, and health in later life.
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments.
Regulatory T Cells and Diabetes Mellitus.; Immune system dysfunction causes dysregulation of immune homeostasis, which in turn leads to autoimmune diseases. Regulatory T cells (Tregs) are a specialized T cell subpopulation that maintain peripheral tolerance and immune homeostasis. Diabetic patients are at an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases; thus, in terms of coronary risk, diabetes mellitus (DM) is considered coronary heart disease equivalent. Accumulating evidence indicates that Tregs play an important role in protecting against the development of various cardiovascular diseases. In this review, we provide an overview of the role of Tregs in the pathogenesis of DM, including type 1 DM, type 2 DM, latent autoimmune diabetes of adults, and gestational DM. In addition, we discuss the role of Tregs in diabetic complications, including cardiovascular diseases, nephropathy, neuropathy, and retinopathy. Tregs play a beneficial role in the pathogenesis of DM and diabetic complications, although the precise molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effect of Tregs against DM are still obscure. Collectively, modification of Tregs may provide a promising and novel future strategy for the prevention and therapy of DM and diabetic complications.
Current use of calcium channel blockers (CCBs) is associated with an increased risk of gingival hyperplasia.; SUBJECTS: This is a nested case-control study within a cohort of all patients who were new users of either calcium channel blockers (CCBs) or drugs interacting with the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). The sample was obtained from the Integrated Primary Care Information (IPCI) database in the Netherlands and consisted of new users of either CCBs (dihydropyridine derivatives, phenylalkylamine derivatives, and benzothiazepine derivatives) or RAS drugs (angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin II receptor blockers). The source population comprised all subjects 18 years and older who were registered with general practitioners participating in the IPCI project for at least 1 year. The study period started on January 1, 1996, and ended on September 31, 2006. From the medical records of approximately 800,000 patients, a study cohort of 20,636 persons who started with CCBs or an RAS during the study period were selected, and 103 patients were identified with definite gingival hyperplasia. To these cases, 7677 matched controls based on gender, birth date, and index rate (date of the diagnosis of gingival hyperplasia) were selected. The median age of the cases was 60.9 years (SD 15.2), and most were female (58.3%). KEY RISK/STUDY FACTOR: The intake of CCBs and its association with the development of gingival hyperplasia, both in terms of the specific drugs and the dosages used. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Patients developing gingival hyperplasia during follow-up. A patient was classified as having gingival hyperplasia if symptoms were present and a dentist and/or a general practitioner had confirmed the diagnosis. For each case, potential controls were selected and matched on gender, age (year of birth), and index date (date of the diagnosis of gingival hyperplasia). Exposure (intake of CCBs or RAS) and other known risk factors for gingival hyperplasia (pregnancy, diabetes, and smoking), as well as cardiovascular risk factors (hypertension, angina pectoris, congestive heart failure, hypercholesterolemia, prior myocardial infarction, transient ischemic attack, dyslipidemia, and stroke) were assessed at the time of the index date, both for cases and for controls. Exposure at the index date was categorized into 3 mutually exclusive groups, namely current, past, and no use. For current users of CCBs, the effect of daily dose and treatment duration was studied MAIN RESULTS: Current use of CCBs (compared with no use of CCBs regardless of RAS use) doubled the risk of gingival hyperplasia (adjusted odds ratio [OR adj] 2.2, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.4-3.4). No association between past use of CCBs and gingival hyperplasia was observed. The current use of nifedipine (OR adj 2.9, 95% CI: 1.6-5.5), diltiazem (OR adj 2.9, 95% CI: 1.3-6.5), dihyropyridine, and benzothiazepine derivatives was associated with an increased risk of gingival hyperplasia compared with no use of CCBs or anytime use of RAS drugs. A significant dose response was observed in current users of CCBs. This risk doubled for doses equal to 1 defined daily dose (DDD) equivalent (OR adj 2.2, 95% CI: 1.3-3.7) and tripled for daily dosages above 1 DDD (OR adj 3.0, 95% CI: 1.6-.5). Confounding by severity of hypertension and other known risk factors for gingival hyperplasia was not observed. CONCLUSIONS: This nested case-control study, in a cohort of patients newly treated with CCBs and/or RAS drugs, showed that current use of CCBs was associated with an increased risk of gingival hyperplasia.
The Current and Potential Therapeutic Use of Metformin-The Good Old Drug.; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
Updating the evidence on physical activity and health in women.; OBJECTIVE: This narrative review updates evidence from the last 10 years on physical activity (PA) and the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer in women. METHODS: A literature search was conducted to identify prospective cohort studies published from January 1997 to February 2006. RESULTS: There were significant reductions in risk in 12 of 17 studies of cardiovascular outcomes (risk reductions ranging from 28% to 58%), in seven of eight studies of diabetes (14% to 46%), in seven of ten studies of breast cancer (11% to 67%), in two of two studies of endometrial cancer (68% to 90%), and in one of three studies of colorectal cancer (31% to 46%). There was mixed evidence for PA preventing gestational diabetes (three studies) and a range of other cancers (13 studies). Protective benefits for cardiovascular disease and diabetes were reported with as little as 60 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity per week (240 Metabolic Equivalent (MET) minutes or 4 MET hours), with walking and moderate-intensity physical activity providing risk reductions comparable to those for the equivalent energy expenditure from more vigorous-intensity physical activity. CONCLUSIONS: There is strong evidence of a role for PA in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and some cancers in women. There was no evidence of additional health benefits from vigorous-intensity PA, over and above those achieved from walking or moderate-intensity PA. This may be because, in most studies, there was limited reporting of vigorous PA by women. For some health outcomes, the amount of PA required for health benefits in middle-aged and older women might be lower than current national recommendations.
Precision stratification of prognostic risk factors associated with outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: The objective of this systematic review is to identify prognostic factors among women and their offspring affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), focusing on endpoints of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) for women, and cardiometabolic profile for offspring. METHODS: This review included studies published in English language from January 1st, 1990, through September 30th, 2021, that focused on the above outcomes of interest with respect to sociodemographic factors, lifestyle and behavioral characteristics, traditional clinical traits, and 'omics biomarkers in the mothers and offspring during the perinatal/postpartum periods and across the lifecourse. Studies that did not report associations of prognostic factors with outcomes of interest among GDM-exposed women or children were excluded. RESULTS: Here, we identified 109 publications comprising 98 observational studies and 11 randomized-controlled trials. Findings indicate that GDM severity, maternal obesity, race/ethnicity, and unhealthy diet and physical activity levels predict T2D and CVD in women, and greater cardiometabolic risk in offspring. However, using the Diabetes Canada 2018 Clinical Practice Guidelines for studies, the level of evidence was low due to potential for confounding, reverse causation, and selection biases. CONCLUSIONS: GDM pregnancies with greater severity, as well as those accompanied by maternal obesity, unhealthy diet, and low physical activity, as well as cases that occur among women who identify as racial/ethnic minorities are associated with worse cardiometabolic prognosis in mothers and offspring. However, given the low quality of evidence, prospective studies with detailed covariate data collection and high fidelity of follow-up are warranted.
Prospective longitudinal cohort study of uterine arteries Doppler in singleton pregnancies obtained by IVF/ICSI with oocyte donation or natural conception.; STUDY QUESTION: Do uterine arteries Doppler studies show different pulsatility index (UtA-PI) measurements in IVF/ICSI pregnancies with oocyte donation (OD) as compared to natural conceptions? SUMMARY ANSWER: In IVF/ICSI pregnancies with OD, UtA-PI is reduced by an average of about 40% as compared to pregnancies with natural conception. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: OD pregnancies present worse pregnancy outcomes as compared to natural conception, particularly for increased incidence of pre-eclampsia (PE). Recent evidence shows that IVF/ICSI pregnancies with frozen blastocyst transfer also present higher prevalence of PE and 15% lower UtA-PI as compared to pregnancies after fresh blastocyst transfers. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Prospective, longitudinal matched cohort study performed in the Fetal Medicine and Obstetric Departments of San Raffaele Hospital in Milan, between 2013 and 2018. The analysis is based on 584 Doppler observations collected from 296 women with different method of conception (OD n = 122; natural conception n = 174). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: IVF/ICSI viable singleton pregnancies with OD and natural conception control pregnancies matched for BMI and smoking, performing repeated UtA-PI measurements at 11-34 weeks. Miscarriages, abnormalities, twins, significant maternal diseases and other types of ARTs were excluded. Log mean left-right UtA-PI was used for analysis with linear mixed model (LMM) and correction for significant confounders. Pregnancy outcome was also analyzed. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Participants after OD were older and more frequently nulliparous (mean age: OD 43.4, 95% CI from 42.3 to 44.6; natural conception 35.1, 95% CI from 34.5 to 35.7; P-value < 0.001; nulliparous: OD 96.6%; natural conception 56.2%; P-value < 0.001). Mean pulsatility index was lower in OD (UtA-PI: natural conception 1.22; 95% CI from 1.11 to 1.28; OD 1.04; 95% CI from 0.96 to 1.12; P-value < 0.001). A significant effect of parity, gestational age (GA) modeled with a cubic polynomial and BMI was described in the LMM. The mean Log UtA-PI was on average 37% lower in OD as compared to natural conception pregnancies at LMM (P-value < 0.001). We also found a significant interaction between longitudinal UtA-PI Doppler and GA. Therefore, at 11 weeks' gestation the Log UtA-PI was 42% lower and, at 34 weeks, the differences reduced to 32%. GA at delivery and birth weight were statistically lower in OD group; however, birthweight centile was not statistically different. Preeclampsia was 11-fold more common in the OD group (0.6% and 6.6%, P-value = 0.003). No other significant difference in pregnancy outcome was shown in the study groups (gestational diabetes mellitus, small or large for GA). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: It was not possible to properly match for maternal age and to blind the assessment given the major differences between cohorts; however, we did not find significant within-groups effects related to maternal age. Future research is needed to reassess outcomes and correct them for maternal characteristics (e.g. cardiovascular function). WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This finding reproduces our previous discovery of lower UtA-PI in frozen as compared to fresh blastocyst transfer. The vast majority of OD is obtained by the use of cryopreservation. We speculate that increased uterine perfusion may be the physiological response to compensate dysfunctions both in the mother and in the placenta. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This is a non-funded study. The authors do not declare competing interest. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Thyroid dysfunction and autoantibodies during pregnancy as predictive factors of pregnancy complications and maternal morbidity in later life.; CONTEXT: Knowledge is scarce concerning the significance of thyroid dysfunction/antibodies during pregnancy in regard to pregnancy complications/later maternal morbidity. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between maternal thyroid dysfunction/antibodies during pregnancy and pregnancy complications or later maternal hypertension, diabetes, and thyroid disease. DESIGN AND SETTING: We studied a prospective population-based cohort, Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 (NFBC 1986), with follow-up of 20 yr. Medication and hospital discharge records were used to assess maternal morbidity to hypertension, diabetes, and thyroid diseases. PARTICIPANTS: The study consisted of mothers of NFBC 1986 with early pregnancy serum samples for thyroid function and antibody analyses (n = 5805). Mothers were grouped and compared according to these test results. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: We focused on preeclampsia and gestational diabetes during index pregnancy, later maternal hypertension, diabetes, and thyroid disease morbidity and total mortality. RESULTS: Thyroid dysfunction and antibodies were not associated with pregnancy complications. Overt hypothyroidism was associated with subsequent maternal thyroid disease [hazard ratio (HR) (95% confidence interval), 17.7 (7.8-40.6)] and diabetes [6.0 (2.2-16.4)]. Subclinical hypothyroidism [3.3 (1.6-6.9)], TPO-Ab-positivity [4.2 (2.3-7.4)], and TG-Ab-positivity [3.3 (1.9-6.0)] were also associated with later thyroid disease. No association was found between thyroid dysfunction/antibodies and hypertension or overall mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Thyroid dysfunction and antibodies during pregnancy seem to predict later thyroid disease. Overt hypothyroidism poses risk of diabetes.
Prospective associations between maternal stress during pregnancy and fasting glucose with obstetric and neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: This prospective study investigated associations between maternal stress exposure and maternal psychological stress measures during pregnancy with obstetric and neonatal outcomes. We also tested whether any observed associations would be moderated by increasing glucose levels, as increased glycaemia is also associated with adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: 203 women between 24 and 30 weeks gestation completed validated questionnaires assessing pregnancy-related major events and major life events, maternal perceived stress, and depression, anxiety, and stress symptoms. Glucose was measured using fasting morning blood samples. Instrumental delivery represented an obstetric outcome. Neonatal outcomes included Apgar score, large and small for gestational age weight, cord blood pH, NICU hospitalization, and neonatal hypoglycaemia. RESULTS: Regarding the obstetric outcome, pregnancy-related major life events OR = 1.346 (1.016-1.783; p = .016) were related to more incidences of instrumental delivery. Regarding neonatal outcomes, exposure to major life events in the last 12 months was associated with lower cord blood pH values B = -0.155 (-0.059 to -0.002; p = .036) and with more incidences of hypoglycaemia OR = 0.165 (0.012-0.169; p = .04). Maternal psychological stress measures were related to more incidences of instrumental delivery OR = 1.018 (1.003-1.032; p = .013). Maternal stress perception was associated with higher cord blood pH values B = 0.155 (0-0.003; p = .046) and fewer NICU hospitalisations OR = -0.170 (-0.009 to -0.001; p = .019). Some of these associations between life events and stress perceptions with neonatal outcomes were moderated by fasting glucose levels. CONCLUSION: Maternal pregnancy events as well as stress, depression and anxiety symptoms have a negative impact on obstetric outcomes and maternal life events are associated with negative neonatal outcomes. Higher fasting glucose levels moderate some of the relationships between stress and neonatal outcomes.
Dulce Mothers: an intervention to reduce diabetes and cardiovascular risk in Latinas after gestational diabetes.; Latina women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Few primary prevention programs are designed for low socioeconomic status, Spanish-speaking populations. We examined the effectiveness of a Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) translation in low-income Latinas with a history of GDM. Eighty-four Latinas, 18-45 years old with GDM in the past 3 years, underwent an 8-week peer-educator-led group intervention, with tailoring for Latino culture and recent motherhood. Lifestyle changes and diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were assessed at study baseline, month 3 and month 6. Participants showed significant improvements in lipids, blood pressure, physical activity, dietary fat intake, and fatalistic and cultural diabetes beliefs (p < 0.05). Formative evaluation provides preliminary evidence of program acceptability. A peer-led, culturally appropriate DPP translation was effective in improving lifestyle changes and some indicators of cardiovascular and diabetes risk in Latinas with GDM.
Diagnosis of congenital cardiac defects between 11 and 14 weeks' gestation in high-risk patients.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the feasibility of diagnosing congenital cardiac defects between 11 and 14 weeks' gestation in a high-risk population. METHODS: Fetal echocardiography was first offered at 11 to 14 weeks' gestation to all patients at risk for congenital heart defects. Echocardiography performed at 11 to 14 weeks with normal results was repeated at 14 to 16 and 20 to 24 weeks. Final diagnoses of cardiac anomalies that had been observed at 11 to 14 weeks were established at 14 to 16 weeks or later Fetal echocardiography performed at 14 to 16 weeks with normal results was repeated at 20 to 24 weeks. Ascertainment of cardiac anomalies was obtained by postnatal echocardiography or pathologic examination of the fetal heart after termination of pregnancy. Most of the examinations were performed transvaginally until 16 weeks. The transabdominal approach was used at this stage only when patients refused the transvaginal examination or because of technical difficulties. Three hundred ninety-two fetal echocardiographic examinations were performed between 11 and 14 weeks' gestation; 438 examinations were performed between 14 and 16 weeks; and 777 examinations were performed between 20 and 24 weeks. The major indications for fetal echocardiography at 11 to 14 weeks were maternal diabetes and previous pregnancy with congenital heart defects. RESULTS: Six of 7 major fetal cardiac anomalies were detected. The only major cardiac anomaly that was not detected between 11 and 14 weeks was correctly diagnosed at 22 weeks. Only 1 of 5 minor fetal cardiac anomalies was detected between 11 and 14 weeks. Another 2 minor fetal cardiac anomalies were detected at 23 weeks. Four incorrect diagnoses of minor cardiac anomalies were excluded on repeated fetal echocardiography between 20 and 24 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: The initial attempt to diagnose congenital heart defects should be offered at 11 to 14 weeks' gestation.
Association of pre-/early pregnancy high blood pressure and pregnancy outcomes: a systemic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Maternal high blood pressure (BP) was associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study aimed to synthesize evidence on the association between high BP prior to or in early pregnancy with maternal and fetal complications. METHODS: We searched the cohort studies assessing the effect of high BP in the Medline, Embase, Web of Science and China National Knowledge Internet databases. A random-effects model was used to estimate the pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). The protocol was registered in PROSPERRO (CRD 42023414945). RESULTS: 23 eligible studies were identified. High BP prior to or in early pregnancy was associated with higher odds of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (OR 2.90, 95% CI 1.91-3.89), gestational hypertension (2.56, 2.01-3.12), preeclampsia (3.20, 2.66-3.74), gestational diabetes mellitus (1.71, 1.36-2.06), preterm birth (1.66, 1.39-1.93), stillbirth (2.01, 1.45-2.58) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (1.22, 1.08-1.37). Subgroup analyses indicated that pre-hypertension could significantly increase the odds of these outcomes except for stillbirth, though the odds were lower than hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: High BP prior to or in early pregnancy was associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and this association increased with hypertension severity. The findings emphasized an urgent need for heightened surveillance for maternal BP, especially pre-hypertensive status.
Minor anomalies: can they predict specific major defects? A study based on 23 major and 14 minor anomalies in over 25,000 newborns with birth defects.; BACKGROUND: Minor anomalies (mAs) are morphological features with little clinical relevance that have been mentioned as possible predictors of major defects (MDs). OBJECTIVES: To identify the preferential associations between selected MDs and mAs and to establish if mAs can serve as predictors for specific MDs. STUDY DESIGN: Information of newborns with birth defects was obtained from the ECLAMC (Latin American Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations) database. The sample consisted of 27,247 live- and stillborn newborns with multiple malformations that included at least one of the selected MDs or mAs. The odds ratio and predictive values were calculated for significant associations, and concurrence rates in first degree relatives. RESULTS: A total of 33 significant minor-major associations were identified. Single umbilical artery (SUA) and preauricular tags were the most frequent mAs; the former was associated with 10 MDs, the latter only with microtia. The highest positive predictive value was shown by SUA for anal atresia. Newborns with preauricular tags had significantly more relatives with microtia than expected. CONCLUSIONS: No new relevant associations between MDs and mAs were identified and few mAs seem to serve as predictors for specific MDs in the same newborn. However, preauricular tags can predict the occurrence of microtia in other family members.
Spontaneous Dissection of the Coronary Vessels. Epidemiological and Coronary Angiographic Study.; INTRODUCTION: Spontaneous dissection of the coronary arteries is relatively rare and usually does not affect life expectancy. However specific types have been implicated to episodes of sudden cardiac death and myocardial ischemia. The recognition of both clinical and imaging characteristics contributes to appropriate decision and patient management. AIM: The aim of the study is the epidemiological and Coronary Angiographic (CA) estimation of patients with spontaneous dissection of the coronary arteries, who were hospitalized in the cardiology department with Acute Coronary Syndrome or were submitted to coronary angiographic examination in the laboratory. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The epidemiological, clinical and angiographic data of 31 patients who were hospitalized in our department and suffered from spontaneous dissection of the coronary vessels were studied retrospectively. RESULTS: In 31 patients (11 men and 20 women, mean age 52.8+18.6 years) who were hospitalized for acute coronary syndrome (ACS), spontaneous dissection of coronary arteries was detected. Precipitating factors were hypertension in 12 patients (38.71%), dyslipidemia in 13 patients (42%) and smoking in 17 patients (54.84%). Among the women, 13 (65%) had a history of hypertension in pregnancy, preeclampsia or/and gestational diabetes. In 8 patients, the coronary angiography showed multivessel disease, while in 12 patients there were no significant lesions in the coronary vessels. Fourteen women (70%) reported a history of depression compared to none in men. CONCLUSION: The incidence of spontaneous dissection of the coronary vessels in this sample of patients from northern Greece is similar to that of the other centers. The incidence is greater in females with hormonal changes and depression. In a large number there were no significant atherosclerotic lesions.
[The best of 2001. Heart failure].; This year the prevalence, prognosis and the cost of left ventricular function have been clarified. The significance of B natiuretic peptide has been confirmed. The influence of race on the sensitivity to different therapeutic measures has been brought up. Tobacco and diabetes appear as risk factors in cardiac insufficiency. The importance of parietal thickening regarding hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is beginning to be debated, and the risk associated with a new pregnancy in women affected by dilated cardiomyopathy of the peripartum period has been demonstrated. The significance of betablockers is confirmed, although that of angiotensin II receptor antagonists remains a source of questions, despite several advances. Endothelin receptor antagonists present divergent results. Ventricular resynchronisation advances, but its beneficial role regarding the reduction of morbidity and mortality remains to be proved.
Association between hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and end-stage renal disease: a population-based study.; BACKGROUND: Studies into the association between hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and end-stage renal disease are limited. We investigated the risk of end-stage renal disease after delivery among women with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. METHODS: We used insurance claims data from 1998 to 2009 to identify 26,651 women aged 19-40 years old who experienced hypertensive disorders during pregnancy; these women had no history of hypertension, diabetes, kidney disease or lupus. We also randomly selected 213,397 women without hypertensive disorders during pregnancy as a comparison cohort; the frequency was matched by age and index year of pregnancy. We compared the incidence of end-stage renal disease in the 2 cohorts. We calculated hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) after controlling for demographic and clinical factors. RESULTS: Women with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy had a greater risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease, with adjusted HRs of 9.38 (95% CI 7.09-12.4) and 12.4 (95% CI 8.54-18.0), respectively, after controlling for urban status, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, hyperlipidemia and abruption. The HR for end-stage renal disease was 2.72 (95% CI 1.76-4.22) after we also controlled for hypertension and diabetes. Women with preeclampsia or eclampsia had a higher risk of end-stage renal disease (adjusted HR 14.0, 95% CI 9.43-20.7) than women who had gestational hypertension only (adjusted HR 9.03, 95% CI 5.20-15.7). INTERPRETATION: Women with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy were at a high risk of end-stage renal disease. The risk was much greater for women who had preeclampsia or eclampsia than those who had gestational hypertension only.
Relationship between Maternal Vitamin D Levels and Adverse Outcomes.; Vitamin D (VD), a fat-soluble vitamin, has a variety of functions that are important for growth and development, including regulation of cell differentiation and apoptosis, immune system development, and brain development. As such, VD status during pregnancy is critical for maternal health, fetal skeletal growth, and optimal pregnancy outcomes. Studies have confirmed that adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia, low birth weight, neonatal hypocalcemia, poor postnatal growth, skeletal fragility, and increased incidence of autoimmune diseases, can be associated with low VD levels during pregnancy and infancy. Thus, there is growing interest in the role of VD during pregnancy. This review summarizes the potential adverse health outcomes of maternal VD status during pregnancy for both mother and offspring (gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive gestational hypertension, intrauterine growth restriction, miscarriage, stillbirth, and preterm birth) and discusses the underlying mechanisms (regulation of cytokine pathways, immune system processing, internal secretion, placental function, etc.) of VD in regulating each of the outcomes. This review aims to provide a basis for public health intervention strategies to reduce the incidence of adverse pregnancies.
Childbearing, child-rearing, cardiovascular risk factors, and progression of carotid intima-media thickness: the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns study.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Parity is associated with the risk of clinical cardiovascular events and the severity of preclinical atherosclerosis in older subjects. We sought to determine whether childbearing is associated with concurrent changes in cardiovascular risk factors and the progression of carotid intima-media thickness. METHODS: We examined the association between the number of children born during a 6-year period and concurrent changes in cardiovascular risk factors and progression of carotid intima-media thickness in men and women of reproductive age from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns study. Complete data for parity and carotid intima-media thickness were available for 1786 subjects (1005 females, 781 males). RESULTS: For females, childbirth during the 6-year follow-up was associated with concurrent reductions in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P(trend)<0.0001), apolipoprotein A-I (P(trend)<0.0001), and apolipoprotein B (P(trend)=0.01); a redistribution of adiposity to abdominal deposits; and increased progression of carotid intima-media thickness (7.5+/-3.2 mum/birth [mean+/-SEM], P=0.02). The association of childbirth with carotid intima-media thickness progression was not greatly modified by adjustment for concurrent changes in cardiovascular risk factors (fully adjusted: P=0.05). This association was significantly stronger in females than males (P(heterogeneity)=0.001), who served as a control group exposed to the social and lifestyle influences of child-rearing but not the biological influences of childbearing. CONCLUSIONS: The progression of carotid atherosclerosis over a 6-year period is increased in females who gave birth during the same period, independent of traditional risk factors. Mechanisms that underlie this observation possibly include parity-induced changes in nontraditional risk factors or an acute influence of pregnancy itself.
[Activity of plasma dopamine-beta-hydroxylase in newborn infants. Implication in prematurity, maternal pathology and growth].; The aim of the study was to determine plasma dopamine-beta-hydroxylase activity (DBH) in newborn infants and possible changes with maturation, mode of delivery and maternal disease: pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. DBH activity was determined by high performance liquid chromatography from 82 neonates divided in 2 groups: group I: 27 neonates (age: 1 to 8 days) including 6 preterm and 21 full-term neonates; group II: 55 full-term neonates divided in 5 classes: A: vaginal delivery; B: forceps; C: elective caesarean section; D: vaginal delivery and maternal hypertension; E: vaginal delivery and gestational diabetes. The plasma DBH activity was low in neonates and not influenced by prematurity. Significantly lower DBH activity was found after caesarean section. Hypertension and gestational diabetes did not affect umbilical cord plasma DBH activity.
Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women After Maternal Complications of Pregnancy: An Observational Cohort Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Certain complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, spontaneous preterm birth, and placental abruption, are established independent risk factors for premature cardiovascular disease in women. Metabolic syndrome, which is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, may be a suitable alternative to traditional cardiovascular risk calculators that underestimate risk in young women. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women who experienced a complicated pregnancy 6 months earlier. METHODS: This observational study investigated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome as defined by the International Diabetes Federation in all eligible participants (n = 247) attending a postpartum lifestyle intervention clinic from August 2018 to June 2021 at the Lyell McEwin Hospital in Adelaide, South Australia. RESULTS: A total of 89 (36%) participants met the criteria for metabolic syndrome at a mean follow up time of 7 months postpartum. Almost 90% of the cohort were abdominally obese, and over two thirds of the total cohort met at least two of the criteria for metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a prior history of one of the common major pregnancy complications are at high risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease, with many showing either metabolic syndrome or multiple risk factors at only 7 months postpartum. The results indicate that follow-up within 1 year postpartum is an appropriate time to commence preventative strategies, as many women are already showing early signs of disease.
Physical activity and pregnancy: cardiovascular adaptations, recommendations and pregnancy outcomes.; Regular physical activity is associated with improved physiological, metabolic and psychological parameters, and with reduced risk of morbidity and mortality. Current recommendations aimed at improving the health and well-being of nonpregnant subjects advise that an accumulation of > or =30 minutes of moderate physical activity should occur on most, if not all, days of the week. Regardless of the specific physiological changes induced by pregnancy, which are primarily developed to meet the increased metabolic demands of mother and fetus, pregnant women benefit from regular physical activity the same way as nonpregnant subjects. Changes in submaximal oxygen uptake (VO(2)) during pregnancy depend on the type of exercise performed. During maternal rest or submaximal weight-bearing exercise (e.g. walking, stepping, treadmill exercise), absolute maternal VO(2) is significantly increased compared with the nonpregnant state. The magnitude of change is approximately proportional to maternal weight gain. When pregnant women perform submaximal weight-supported exercise on land (e.g. level cycling), the findings are contradictory. Some studies reported significantly increased absolute VO(2), while many others reported unchanged or only slightly increased absolute VO(2) compared with the nonpregnant state. The latter findings may be explained by the fact that the metabolic demand of cycle exercise is largely independent of the maternal body mass, resulting in no absolute VO(2) alteration. Few studies that directly measured changes in maternal maximal VO(2) (VO(2max)) showed no difference in the absolute VO(2max) between pregnant and nonpregnant subjects in cycling, swimming or weight-bearing exercise. Efficiency of work during exercise appears to be unchanged during pregnancy in non-weight-bearing exercise. During weight-bearing exercise, the work efficiency was shown to be improved in athletic women who continue exercising and those who stop exercising during pregnancy. When adjusted for weight gain, the increased efficiency is maintained throughout the pregnancy, with the improvement being greater in exercising women. Regular physical activity has been proven to result in marked benefits for mother and fetus. Maternal benefits include improved cardiovascular function, limited pregnancy weight gain, decreased musculoskeletal discomfort, reduced incidence of muscle cramps and lower limb oedema, mood stability, attenuation of gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational hypertension. Fetal benefits include decreased fat mass, improved stress tolerance, and advanced neurobehavioural maturation. In addition, few studies that have directly examined the effects of physical activity on labour and delivery indicate that, for women with normal pregnancies, physical activity is accompanied with shorter labour and decreased incidence of operative delivery. However, a substantial proportion of women stop exercising after they discover they are pregnant, and only few begin participating in exercise activities during pregnancy. The adoption or continuation of a sedentary lifestyle during pregnancy may contribute to the development of certain disorders such as hypertension, maternal and childhood obesity, gestational diabetes, dyspnoea, and pre-eclampsia. In view of the global epidemic of sedentary behaviour and obesity-related pathology, prenatal physical activity was shown to be useful for the prevention and treatment of these conditions. Further studies with larger sample sizes are required to confirm the association between physical activity and outcomes of labour and delivery.
[Obstetric outcome in pregnancy complained with pulmonary hypertension].; Objective: To identify whether pregnancy outcomes vary by the severity of pulmonary hypertension. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted on 78 cases of pregnancies complained with pulmonary hypertension who delivered in the First Affiliated Hospital, Sun Yat-sen University from 2006 to 2016.The selected cases were divided into three groups according to severity of pulmonary hypertension: mild pulmonary hypertension group (mild PAH group) was defined as a mean pulmonary artery pressure 30-49 mmHg, moderate pulmonary hypertension (moderate PAH group) as mean pulmonary artery pressure 50-69 mmHg and severe pulmonary hypertension (severe PAH group) as mean pulmonary artery pressure 70 mmHg or greater.The clinical features, risk pregnant complication, maternal and neonatal outcomes were described between these three groups.Analysis of variance, Chi-square test was used for statistical analysis. Results: The average age of mild, moderate and severe PAH group were (31±5) years old, (31±5) years old and (27±3) years old, respectively (P=0.050). The rate of natural fertilization (P=0.414), parity (P=0.527) and gestational age (P=0.165) were similar in these three groups. In 78 pregnancies with pulmonary hypertension, 64.9% of pregnancies in mild PAH group was NYHA Ⅰ, 50.0% of moderate PAH group was NYHA Ⅱ and 54.5% of severe PAH group was NYHA Ⅲ(P<0.001). There was no significant difference in the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, P=0.589), preeclampsia (P=0.942), premature rupture of membrane (PROM, P=0.276), scarred uterus (P=0.493) and postpartum hemorrhage (P=0.424). The cesarean section rate was 84.2%, 90.0% and 63.6% in three groups (P=0.208). However, neuraxial anesthesia was performed in 82.5% of cases in mild PAH and 90.0% of cases in moderate PAH, while 27.3% of cases of severe PAH underwent neuraxial anesthesia (P<0.001). The fetal outcome was similar in there groups.But the rate of admission of NICU was significantly different in three groups (P=0.011). Conclusions: Maternal and neonatal outcomes was similar in different severity of pulmonary hypertension.But the severity of pulmonary hypertension affect the type of anesthesia.Close monitoring during pregnancy and timely termination of pregnancy can improve the outcome of pregnancy.
Prospective evaluation of ultrasonographic fetal cardiac morphometry and functions in the third trimester of pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare cardiac morphological and functional changes in fetuses of patients with diet-regulated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM-A1), insulin-regulated GDM (GDM-A2), and a control group. METHOD: A prospective cohort study included pregnant women aged 18-40 years with singleton pregnancies. Fetal biometric, cardiac morphological, and functional measurements were recorded using Z-scores at 34-37 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: The study included 87 patients. Both right and left ventricular wall thicknesses were significantly different between the three groups (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). Z-scores of the mitral valve, left and right EDD were significantly lower in GDM-A1 and GDM-A2 groups compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.002, respectively). Right and left ventricular areas were decreased only in GDM-A2 group compared to the control group (p = 0.003 and p = 0.001, respectively). MPI and IVRT values were also significantly higher in the same groups (p = 0.016, p < 0.001, respectively). CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes increased IVS and ventricular wall thicknesses in both right and left ventricles, irrespective of whether it was controlled by diet or insulin. Cardiac functional changes were observed in the GDM-A2 group.
Effect of tenofovir alafenamide in combination with and without integrase inhibitors on weight gain, diabetes, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: We sought to determine if tenofovir alafenamide (TAF) was associated with excessive weight gain, diabetes (DM), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) in persons with HIV. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study of pregnant persons with HIV prescribed antiretroviral therapy (ART) during the period of 01/01/2009 to 12/31/2020. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: χ2 tests were used to compare the proportion of persons with excessive weight gain, DM, and HDP according to ART regimens. Excess total gestational weight gain was calculated using BMI and Institute of Medicine recommendations for weight gain in pregnancy. HDP included gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. Logistic regression models were used to determine predictors of excessive weight gain, DM, and HDP. RESULTS: We identified 189 pregnant persons prescribed ART with (30) and without TAF (159). The percentage of persons with excessive gestational weight gain was not significantly different in persons prescribed TAF (32 %) and other ART (17 %), p = 0.2. Persons prescribed TAF were more likely to have HDP (30 %) compared to other ART (9 %), p = 0.001. In the adjusted analysis, DM [aOR 6.2 (95 % CI 1.2-32.7)] and TAF exposure [aOR 3.2 (95 % CI 1.0-8.9)] were significantly associated with HDP. CONCLUSION: Despite similar gestational weight gain, persons with HIV prescribed TAF were more likely to have HDP. Further understanding of the metabolic and cardiovascular impact of ART recommended for use during pregnancy is needed.
Association of interpregnancy interval and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in woman by different previous gestational ages.; BACKGROUND: With an increasing proportion of multiparas, proper interpregnancy intervals (IPIs) are urgently needed. However, the association between IPIs and adverse perinatal outcomes has always been debated. This study aimed to explore the association between IPIs and adverse outcomes in different fertility policy periods and for different previous gestational ages. METHODS: We used individual data from China's National Maternal Near Miss Surveillance System between 2014 and 2019. Multivariable Poisson models with restricted cubic splines were used. Each adverse outcome was analyzed separately in the overall model and stratified models. The stratified models included different categories of fertility policy periods (2014-2015, 2016-2017, and 2018-2019) and infant gestational age in previous pregnancy (<28 weeks, 28-36 weeks, and ≥37 weeks). RESULTS: There were 781,731 pregnancies enrolled in this study. A short IPI (≤6 months) was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth (OR [95% CI]: 1.63 [1.55, 1.71] for vaginal delivery [VD] and 1.10 [1.03, 1.19] for cesarean section [CS]), low Apgar scores and small for gestational age (SGA), and a decreased risk of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, preeclampsia or eclampsia, and gestational hypertension. A long IPI (≥60 months) was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth (OR [95% CI]: 1.18 [1.11, 1.26] for VD and 1.39 [1.32, 1.47] for CS), placenta previa, postpartum hemorrhage, diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, preeclampsia or eclampsia, and gestational hypertension. Fertility policy changes had little effect on the association of IPIs and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The estimated risk of preterm birth, low Apgar scores, SGA, diabetes mellitus in pregnancy, and gestational hypertension was more profound among women with previous term births than among those with preterm births or pregnancy loss. CONCLUSION: For pregnant women with shorter or longer IPIs, more targeted health care measures during pregnancy should be formulated according to infant gestational age in previous pregnancy.
Prevalence and coprevalence of chronic comorbid conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in Catalonia: a population-based cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the prevalence and coprevalence of several chronic conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in a Mediterranean region. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study. SETTING: Two hundred and eighty-six primary care teams of the Catalonian Health Institute (Catalonia, Spain). PARTICIPANTS: We included patients aged ≥18 years with a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes by 31 December, 2016, who were registered in the Information System for the Development of Research in primary care (SIDIAP) database. We excluded patients with a diagnosis of type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus and any other type of diabetes. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: We collected data on diabetes-related comorbidities (ie, chronic complications, associated cardiovascular risk factors and treatment complications). Diagnoses were based on the International Classification of Diseases, 10(th) Revision codes recorded in the database or, for some entities, on the cut-off points for a particular test result or a specific treatment indicated for that entity. The presence and stage of chronic kidney disease (CKD) were based on the glomerular filtration rate, the CKD Epidemiology Collaboration creatinine equation and the urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio. RESULTS: A total of 373 185 patients were analysed. 82% of patients exhibited ≥2 comorbidities and 31% exhibited ≥4 comorbidities. The most frequent comorbidities were hypertension (72%), hyperlipidaemia (60%), obesity (45%), CKD (33%), chronic renal failure (CRF)(28%) and cardiovascular disease (23%). The most frequently coprevalent pairs of chronic conditions were the combination of hypertension with hyperlipidaemia (45%), obesity (35%), CKD (28%), CRF (25%) or cardiovascular disease (19%), as well as the combination of hyperlipidaemia with obesity (28%), CKD (21%), CRF (18%) or cardiovascular disease (15%); other common pairs of comorbidities were obesity/CKD, obesity/CRF, hypertension/retinopathy, hypertension/albuminuria, hypertension/urinary tract infection, CVD/CRF and CVD/CKD, which were each present in more than 10% of patients. CONCLUSION: Patients with type 2 diabetes have a high frequency of coprevalence of metabolic risk factors, cardiovascular disease and CKD and thus require an integrated management approach.
Reduced insulin sensitivity and the presence of cardiovascular risk factors in short prepubertal children born small for gestational age (SGA).; BACKGROUND: Epidemiological studies have shown that the metabolic syndrome, a combination of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidaemia and a high body mass index (BMI), occurs more frequently among adults who were born with a low birth weight. Because insulin is thought to play a key role in the pathogenesis of this syndrome we investigated insulin sensitivity and risk factors for cardiovascular disease in short prepubertal children born small for gestational age (SGA). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance tests (FSIGT) were performed in 28 short prepubertal children born SGA. Short stature was defined as a height < -2SD. SGA was defined as a birth length and/or a birth weight for gestational age < -2SD. Twelve short children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) were used as controls for the FSIGT's results only. AGA was defined as a birth weight and/or birth length for gestational age > -2SD. In short SGA children, blood pressure (BP), fasting levels of serum free fatty acids (FFA), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) were measured and compared to reference values. RESULTS: Mean insulin sensitivity (Si) level in short SGA children was significantly reduced to 38% of the mean Si level measured in short AGA controls (P = 0.004). Mean acute insulin response (AIR) was significantly higher in SGA children compared to short AGA controls (P < 0.001). Differences in Si and AIR between the two groups remained significant after adjusting for age and BMI (P < 0.001 and P = 0.003, respectively). The mean (SD) systolic BP SDS was 1.3 (1,1), being significantly higher than zero. Mean fasting serum levels of FFA, TC, TG, HDL and LDL were all within the normal range. However, 6 of the 28 SGA children had serum FFA levels above the normal range. Cardiovascular risk factors could statistically be represented in two clusters. Both clusters played a significant role in the development of insulin insensitivity (1/Si). CONCLUSION: Although the metabolic syndrome has been described in adulthood, our study showed that risk factors for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease are already present during childhood in short prepubertal children born SGA, suggesting a pretype 2 diabetes mellitus phenotype.
Review of Prediabetes and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; Obesity and diabetes increase hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) risk, thus preventive interventions are heavily studied. How pregestational prediabetes and related interventions impact HDP risk is less characterized. Therefore, we searched and reviewed the literature to assess the impact on HDP risk of prediabetes and varied interventions. We identified 297 citations related to pregnancy, prediabetes, and early pregnancy interventions. We also reviewed the references and citations of included articles. We included five studies assessing HDP outcomes in women with first trimester hemoglobin A1c in the prediabetes range (5.7-6.4%). One prospective observational study demonstrated first trimester hemoglobin A1c (5.9-6.4%) is associated with increased HDP risk, while another prospective observational study and one retrospective observational study had similar trends without statistical significance. A small and underpowered randomized controlled trial demonstrated initiating gestational diabetes mellitus treatment (i.e., diet, monitoring, ± insulin) in response to first trimester hemoglobin A1c (5.7-6.4%) did not statistically reduce HDP compared with standard care. One retrospective observational study suggested metformin, when started early, may reduce HDP risk in patients with prediabetes. Pregestational prediabetes appears to increase HDP risk. Interventions (i.e., metformin, diet/glucose monitoring, and/or exercise) to reduce HDP risk require additional study with long-term follow-up.
Pre-pregnancy check-up of maternal vascular status and associated phenotype is crucial for the health of mother and offspring.; ABSTRACT: Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of disease burden globally with far-reaching consequences including enormous socio-economic burden to healthcare and society at large. Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function, healthy pregnancy and postpartum. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system is exposed to highly increased haemodynamic stress that significantly impacts health status of the mother and offspring. Resulting from sub-optimal maternal health conditions overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and postpartum. Contextually, there are two main concepts to follow in the framework of predictive, preventive and personalised medicine, namely to develop:1. advanced screening of sub-optimal health conditions in young populations to predict and prevent individual health risks prior to planned pregnancies2. in-depth companion diagnostics during pregnancy to predict and prevent long-lasting postpartum health risks of the mother and offspring.Data collected in the current study demonstrate group-specific complications to health of the mother and offspring and clinical relevance of the related phenotyping in pre-pregnant mothers. Diagnostic approach proposed in this study revealed its great clinical utility demonstrating important synergies between cardiovascular maladaptation and connective tissue dysfunction. Co-diagnosed pre-pregnancy low BMI of the mother, connective tissue dysfunction, increased stiffness of peripheral vessels and decreased blood pressure are considered a highly specific maternal phenotype useful for innovative screening programmes in young populations to predict and prevent severe risks to health of the mother and offspring. This crucial discovery brings together systemic effects characteristic, for example, for individuals with Flammer syndrome predisposed to the phenotype-specific primary vascular dysregulation, pregnancy-associated risks, normal tension glaucoma, ischemic stroke at young age, impaired wound healing and associated disorders. Proposed maternal phenotyping is crucial to predict and effectively protect both the mother and offspring against health-to-disease transition. Pre-pregnancy check-up focused on sub-optimal health and utilising here described phenotypes is pivotal for advanced health policy. PLAIN ENGLISH ABSTRACT: Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function and healthy pregnancy. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system may demonstrate health-to-disease transition relevant for the affected mother and offspring. Overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and lifelong. Here we co-diagnosed maternal pre-pregnancy low bodyweight with systemic effects which may increase risks of pregnancy, eye and heart disorders and ischemic stroke at young age, amongst others. Innovative screening  programmes focused on sub-optimal health in young populations to predict and to mitigate individual health risks prior to pregnancy is an essential innovation for health policy proposed.
Young women were associated with higher risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and cesarean section from hormone replaced cycles in frozen-thawed embryo transfer: a retrospective study of 5316 singleton deliveries.; BACKGROUND: The utilization of frozen-thawed embryo transfer (FET) cycles has been linked to heightened risks of adverse perinatal outcomes. However, the potential association between adverse perinatal outcomes and distinct endometrial preparation regimens remains unclear. Therefore, we aim to investigate the maternal and neonatal outcomes after hormone replacement treatment (HRT) cycles, natural cycles (NC) and HRT cycles with pretreatment using GnRHa (HRT + GnRHa) for ovulatory women undergoing FET cycles. METHODS: A large sample retrospective cohort study was carried out from 2016 to 2020. The data included a total of 5316 women who had singleton deliveries undergoing FET cycles and which were divided into three groups based on different endometrial preparation protocols: 4399 patients in HRT groups, 621 in GnRHa+HRT groups, 296 in NC groups. The outcomes consisted of maternal outcomes (cesarean section, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), placenta previa, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM));and neonatal outcomes (preterm birth, newborn birthweight, low birthweight, small for gestational age (SGA), macrosomia, large for gestational age (LGA), fetal malformation). RESULTS: After adjusting for a series of confounding variables, we found an increased risk of HDP (aOR=3.362; 95%CI, 1.059-10.675) and cesarean section (aOR=1.838; 95%CI, 1.333-2.535) in HRT cycles compared with NC, especially for ovulatory women under 35 years old. However, in all three groups, newborn birth weight was not significantly different. Meanwhile, perinatal outcomes did not differ significantly in terms of perinatal outcomes in HRT +GnRHa cycles compared with HRT cycles solely. CONCLUSION: During FET cycles, singletons from HRT were related to higher risks of HDP and cesarean section, particularly for young women. GnRHa pretreatment didn't bring any benefit to perinatal outcomes compared with HRT cycles alone. Therefore, the natural cycle may be a more appropriate and safer option for young ovulatory women.
Intestinal flora and pregnancy complications: Current insights and future prospects.; Numerous studies have demonstrated the pivotal roles of intestinal microbiota in many physiopathological processes through complex interactions with the host. As a unique period in a woman's lifespan, pregnancy is characterized by changes in hormones, immunity, and metabolism. The gut microbiota also changes during this period and plays a crucial role in maintaining a healthy pregnancy. Consequently, anomalies in the composition and function of the gut microbiota, namely, gut microbiota dysbiosis, can predispose individuals to various pregnancy complications, posing substantial risks to both maternal and neonatal health. However, there are still many controversies in this field, such as "sterile womb" versus "in utero colonization." Therefore, a thorough understanding of the roles and mechanisms of gut microbiota in pregnancy and its complications is essential to safeguard the health of both mother and child. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the changes in gut microbiota during pregnancy, its abnormalities in common pregnancy complications, and potential etiological implications. It also explores the potential of gut microbiota in diagnosing and treating pregnancy complications and examines the possibility of gut-derived bacteria residing in the uterus/placenta. Our aim is to expand knowledge in maternal and infant health from the gut microbiota perspective, aiding in developing new preventive and therapeutic strategies for pregnancy complications based on intestinal microecology.
Is epidural analgesia an independent risk factor for OASIS? A population-based cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: To evaluate whether epidural analgesia is an independent risk factor for OASIS. METHODS: A population-based cohort study including all women who delivered by spontaneous vaginal delivery or by instrumental delivery beyond 24 weeks gestation was conducted. Deliveries occurred between 1988 and 2016 at a large university tertiary medical center. Women with multiple gestations and those lacking prenatal care were excluded from the analysis. RESULTS: During the study period, 252,542 women delivered at the Soroka University Medical Center and met the inclusion criteria. Of these, 583 (0.23%) were diagnosed with OASIS. Women with OASIS were more likely to be younger, nulliparous, with suspected fetal macrosomia, had higher rates of labor induction and vacuum extraction delivery, higher rates of conceiving after infertility treatments, more advanced gestational age at delivery, higher mean birth weight, higher rates of post-partum hemorrhage and need for blood transfusions. Use of epidural analgesia during pregnancy was significantly high among the OASIS group. Rates of episiotomy were not significantly different between the groups. Using a multimodal logistic regression model, after controlling for vacuum delivery, large for gestational age, nulliparity, gestational age, ethnicity, maternal age, induction of labor, fertility treatments, non-reassuring fetal heart rate and non-progressive second stage of labor, epidural analgesia was found to be significantly associated with OASIS. CONCLUSION: Epidural analgesia was found to be an independent risk factor for OASIS in our population.
Magnitude of cesarean-section and associated factors among diabetic mothers in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes is associated with multiple adverse pregnancy outcome as a result of unfavorable labor and delivery process with a consequent increase in obstetric interventions including cesarean-section. Even though diabetes mellitus increases the cesarean-section rate; there is no study conducted in Ethiopia. therefore, this study aimed to assess the magnitude of cesarean-section and associated factors among diabetic mothers in Tikur Ambessa Specialize Hospital, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. METHODS: A facility-based retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted in Tikur Anbessa Specialized Hospital from 1 February to 30 April 2018 among 346 diabetic mothers. All required data were extracted from patients' charts using checklists, and incomplete records were excluded. The collected data were entered into Epi data version 4.2 and exported to SPSS version 20 for analysis. Multiple logistic regression models were fitted to identify factors associated with cesarean section. Adjusted odds ratios along with 95% CI were estimated to measure the strength of the association and declared statistical significance at a p-value <0.05. RESULTS: The magnitude of cesarean-section was 57.8% (95% CI: 51.7, 63.3). Pregnancy-induced hypertension [AOR: 3.35, (95% CI: (1.22, 9.20)], previous C/S [AOR: 1.62, (95% CI: (2.54, 4.83)], and fetal distress [AOR: 4.36, (95% CI: 1.30, 14.62)] were factors significantly associated with cesarean-section. CONCLUSION: A considerable number of diabetic mothers gave birth by cesarean-section. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, previous cesarean-section, and fetal distress were factors more likely to increase the rate of cesarean-section. Most of the factors were modifiable by following the WHO recommendation for cesarean-section.
Discordance between lipid markers used for predicting cardiovascular risk in patients with type 2 diabetes.; AIMS: Non-high density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C) is gaining importance over low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) as cardiovascular risk marker in patients with type 2 diabetes. It represents the overall lipid burden and is a surrogate marker for the apolipoprotein B. We studied the discordance between the old (LDL-C) and the new (non-HDL-C) lipid markers in a large group of diabetes patients. METHODS: The lipid profile data of all diabetes (T2DM, aged 18-75, using oral or injectable anti diabetic agents) patients was analyzed in this study. We excluded patients with type1 diabetes, secondary forms of diabetes and gestational diabetes. Elevated lipid parameters (LDL>100mg/dL and non HDL-C>130mg/dL) were defined as per the guidelines of Adult Treatment Panel III. RESULTS: The study participants (409 M:360 F) had a mean age of 47.3±12.4 years, BMI of 28.4±5.6kg/m(2) and an A1c of 8.8±2.2%. Elevated LDL-C was observed in 383 patients (49.8%) and elevated non HDL-C in 418 (54.4%) patients. Of the 383 patients with elevated LDL-C, 346 (90.3%) had corresponding elevated levels of non-HDL-C and out of 418 patients with elevated non HDL-C, 346 (83%) had elevated LDL-C. Discordance between the elevated LDL-C and non-HDL-C values were greater among patients with low triglyceride levels when compared with those with high triglycerides (Pearson's χ(2) test=67.7; P<0.001). CONCLUSION: Our data suggest a significant discordance between the LDL-C and non-HDL-C in patients with diabetes. This discordance leads to the residual cardiovascular risk in diabetes patients.
Pregnancy risk factors for very premature delivery: what role do hypertension, obesity and diabetes play?; PURPOSE: Very premature delivery is a major cause of infant morbidity and mortality. Obesity, diabetes and pregnancy hypertension are known risk factors for pregnancy complications. The study aimed to scrutinize differences of pregnancy complications in a cohort of very premature deliveries compared to a national group. METHODS: In a multicenter study performed between January 2009 and December 2010 including 1,577 very low birth weight (VLBW) infants, we compared parental reported pregnancy problems of VLBW infants with a national cohort (KIGGS). We compared reported pregnancy complications to reasons for premature delivery and neonatal outcome within the group of VLBW infants. RESULTS: While parents of the national cohort reported pregnancy-induced hypertension in 8 %, parents of VLBW infants reported this complication more frequently (27 %). Mothers of the national cohort were significantly younger (1 year), suffered less from obesity, anaemia, diabetes. Regression analysis showed that hypertension (OR = 5.11) and advanced maternal age (OR = 1.03) increased the risk for premature birth. Women with hypertension were likely to experience a clinically indicated premature delivery, had more VLBW infants with a moderate growth restriction, but less multiples and their infants had less intraventricular haemorrhages grade 3 or 4. Otherwise, neonatal outcome was correlated with gestational age but not with the pregnancy complications diabetes, hypertension or obesity. CONCLUSION: Premature birth seems to be correlated to gestational hypertension and associated problems in about ¼ of VLBW infants. Further studies should focus on preventing and treating gestational hypertension to avoid premature delivery and associated neonatal morbidity.
Left atrial shortening fraction to predict fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the diagnostic efficiency of left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) in the detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this study, we enrolled 256 pregnant women and divided them into GDM group (n = 156) and control group (n = 100). Fetal echocardiography was performed at 24-28 weeks of gestation to measure the LASF and interventricular septum (IVS) thickness. Based on IVS thickness, the GDM group was subdivided into the septal hypertrophy group (GDM I, n = 62) and non-septal hypertrophy group (GDM II, n = 94). LASF and IVS thickness were compared between the GDM and control groups and between GDM I and GDM II groups. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to determine the diagnostic accuracy of LASF in predicting septal hypertrophy. RESULTS: The GDM group had a larger IVS thickness (P < 0.05) but a lower LASF level (P < 0.001) than those of the control group. GDM I group had significantly lower LASF level than that in the GDM II group (P < 0.001). At 38.41% as the cutoff value, the LASF can predict septal hypertrophy with diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of 96.7% and 65.2%, respectively. CONCLUSION: Fetal GDM are more likely to induce septal hypertrophy and ventricular dysfunction. LASF is a good indicator of septal hypertrophy or early diastolic dysfunction without septal hypertrophy.
Factors That Predict the Development of Hypertension in Women With Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) is associated with chronic hypertension (HTN) and cardiovascular complications. We investigated the factors that predict the development of chronic HTN in women with PIH. METHODS: The study population comprised 108 women with PIH and 87 healthy age-matched women control subjects who gave birth during the years 1990-1994 at the Chaim Sheba Medical Center, Israel, and were followed for up to 23 years (average 20.8 ± 1.4). We analyzed the association between PIH and subsequent HTN and cardiovascular complications, aiming to identify predicting factors for the development of chronic HTN in this subject population. RESULTS: At the time of index pregnancy, women with PIH were more likely to be overweight, had elevated blood pressure (BP) levels, a shorter gestational period, required more cesarean sections, and were more likely to deliver small infants than the control group. Compared to women with normotensive pregnancy, women with PIH had 11-fold higher age-adjusted risk of developing HTN. They also had a higher body mass index (BMI), and were more likely to develop diabetes mellitus (DM) and coronary artery disease, during follow-up. Among women with PIH, those subjects who developed HTN were older during pregnancy, had higher BMI and more deliveries before the index pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Our findings confirm the association between PIH and chronic HTN. In women with PIH, high BMI and more previous pregnancies are risk factors for developing HTN. Thus, obese women with multiple pregnancies who develop PIH should be more closely followed for the development of HTN.
Segmentation and classification in MRI and US fetal imaging: Recent trends and future prospects.; Fetal imaging is a burgeoning topic. New advancements in both magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound currently allow doctors to diagnose fetal structural abnormalities such as those involved in twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, pulmonary sequestration and hypoplasia, congenital heart disease, diaphragmatic hernia, ventriculomegaly, etc. Considering the continued breakthroughs in utero image analysis and (3D) reconstruction models, it is now possible to gain more insight into the ongoing development of the fetus. Best prenatal diagnosis performances rely on the conscious preparation of the clinicians in terms of fetal anatomy knowledge. Therefore, fetal imaging will likely span and increase its prevalence in the forthcoming years. This review covers state-of-the-art segmentation and classification methodologies for the whole fetus and, more specifically, the fetal brain, lungs, liver, heart and placenta in magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound for the first time. Potential applications of the aforementioned methods into clinical settings are also inspected. Finally, improvements in existing approaches as well as most promising avenues to new areas of research are briefly outlined.
Association between socioeconomic status with pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: An international multicenter cohort.; INTRODUCTION: Previous evidence examining the association between socioeconomic status and pregnancy complications are conflicted and often limited to using area-based measures of socioeconomic status. In this study, we aimed to examine the association between individual-level socioeconomic factors and a wide range of adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes using data from the IMPROvED birth cohort conducted in Sweden, the Netherlands and Republic of Ireland. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study cohort consisted of women who participated in the IMPROvED birth cohort between 2013 and 2017. Data on socioeconomic factors were self-reported and obtained at 15 weeks' gestation, and included level of education, employment status, relationship status, and income. Data on pregnancy and neonatal outcomes included gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, emergency cesarean section, preterm birth, post term delivery, small for gestational age and Apgar score at 1 min. These data were obtained within 72 h following delivery and confirmed using medical records. Multivariable logistic regression examined the association between each socioeconomic variable and each outcome separately adjusting for maternal age, maternal body mass index, maternal smoking, maternal alcohol consumption and cohort center. We also examined the effect of exposure to any ≥2 risk factors compared to none. RESULTS: A total of 2879 participants were included. Adjusted results suggested that those with less than third level of education had an increased odds of gestational hypertension (OR: 1.74, 95% CI: 1.23-2.46), while those on a middle level of income had a reduced odds of emergency cesarean section (OR: 0.59, 95% CI: 0.42-0.84). No significant associations were observed between socioeconomic variables and neonatal outcomes. Exposure to any ≥2 socioeconomic risk factors was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth (OR: 1.75, 95% CI: 1.06-2.89). CONCLUSIONS: We did not find strong evidence of associations between individual-level socioeconomic factors and pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in high-income settings overall, with only few significant associations observed among pregnancy outcomes.
BRAzil magnesium (BRAMAG) trial: a double-masked randomized clinical trial of oral magnesium supplementation in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: There is conflicting evidence about the role of oral magnesium supplementation in the prevention of preterm birth and related adverse outcomes. The objective of this study was to compare magnesium citrate with placebo in the prevention of adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes among women at higher risk. METHODS: This multicenter, double-masked, placebo-controlled randomized superiority clinical trial compared oral magnesium citrate 300 mg to matched placebo, from 12 to 20 weeks' gestation until delivery. This trial was completed in three centers in northeastern Brazil. Eligible women were those with a singleton pregnancy and ≥ 1 risk factor, such as prior preterm birth or preeclampsia, or current chronic hypertension or pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, age > 35 years or elevated body mass index. The primary perinatal composite outcome comprised preterm birth < 37 weeks' gestation, stillbirth > 20 weeks, neonatal death or NICU admission < 28 days after birth, or small for gestational age birthweight < 3rd percentile. The co-primary maternal composite outcome comprised preeclampsia or eclampsia < 37 weeks, severe gestational hypertension < 37 weeks, placental abruption, or maternal stroke or death during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery. RESULTS: Analyses comprised 407 women who received magnesium citrate and 422 who received placebo. The perinatal composite outcome occurred among 75 (18.4%) in the magnesium arm and 76 (18.0%) in the placebo group - an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of 1.10 (95% CI 0.72-1.68). The maternal composite outcome occurred among 49 (12.0%) women in the magnesium arm and 41 women (9.7%) in the placebo group - an aOR of 1.29 (95% CI 0.83-2.00). CONCLUSIONS: Oral magnesium citrate supplementation did not appear to reduce adverse perinatal or maternal outcomes in high-risk singleton pregnancies. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02032186, registered January 9, 2014.
Exercise guidelines in pregnancy: new perspectives.; In 2002, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists published exercise guidelines for pregnancy, which suggested that in the absence of medical or obstetric complications, 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise a day on most, if not all, days of the week is recommended for pregnant women. However, these guidelines did not define 'moderate intensity' or the specific amount of weekly caloric expenditure from physical activity required. Recent research has determined that increasing physical activity energy expenditure to a minimum of 16 metabolic equivalent task (MET) hours per week, or preferably 28 MET hours per week, and increasing exercise intensity to ≥60% of heart rate reserve during pregnancy, reduces the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and perhaps hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (i.e. gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia) compared with less vigorous exercise. To achieve the target expenditure of 28 MET hours per week, one could walk at 3.2 km per hour for 11.2 hours per week (2.5 METs, light intensity), or preferably exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 hours per week (∼6-7 METs, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total time of exercise is required per week, resulting in ≥60% reduction in total exercise time compared with light intensity exercise. Light muscle strengthening performed over the second and third trimester of pregnancy has minimal effects on a newborn infant's body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested.
The role of nebivolol in the management of hypertensive patients: from pharmacological profile to treatment guidelines.; According to the most recent international guidelines, β-blockers maintain a central role in the management of hypertension, being recommended at any treatment step when there is a specific indication, such as heart failure, angina, postacute myocardial infarction, atrial fibrillation or pregnancy. However, β-blockers are not a homogeneous class: individual molecules differ in terms of pharmacological and clinical profile and are therefore suitable for different patient subtypes. In particular nebivolol, a third generation β(1)-selective β-blocker with vasodilating properties, neutral metabolic effects and good tolerability, proved to have advantages over other β-blockers, which makes the drug suitable in a wide variety of hypertensive patients with or without comorbidities.
High glucose condition inhibits trophoblast proliferation, migration and invasion by downregulating placental growth factor expression.; AIM: This study aimed to investigate the effect of high glucose (HG) level on the proliferation, migration and invasion of trophoblasts and determine the role of placental growth factor (PLGF) in the process. METHODS: HTR8-S/Vneo was treated with different concentrations of d-glucose (0, 10, 15, 20, 25 and 30 μM) at different times (0, 6, 12 and 24 h). qRT-PCR and Western blot analyses were used to measure PLGF expression. The protein level of PLGF was measured by immunofluorescence. Cell proliferation was assessed with CCK-8 analysis. Wound healing and transwell assays were used to evaluate cell migration and invasion. Intercellular ROS was detected with DCFH-DA. RESULTS: After d-glucose treatment, the viability decreased in 25 and 30 μM groups. The HG group (25 μM) showed inhibited cell migration and invasion ability. The mRNA and protein levels of PLGF decreased under HG condition. Elevated ROS production was also detected in the HG group. Knocked-down PLGF expression enhanced increased ROS production and decreased cell migration and invasion, which reverted to the original levels after PLGF was overexpressed. CONCLUSION: High glucose treatment inhibited HTR8-S/Vneo viability, migration and invasion by downregulating PLGF expression.
Orthosiphon stamineus as a potential antidiabetic drug in maternal hyperglycemia in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hyperglycemia is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes for both mother and offspring. Insulin is the standard treatment of hyperglycemia with the aim to reduce risks of complications, however, due to several restrictions, the search for more effective drugs from traditional medicinal plants continues. METHODS: The antidiabetic effects of Orthosiphon stamineus (O . stamineus ) in non-pregnant and pregnant streptozotocin-induced Sprague Dawley rats were identified. The effect of different concentrations of O. stamineouson insulin level using isolated pancreatic islets in response to low and high concentrations of glucose was identified. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed in both pregnant and non-pregnant rats prior to and after treatment with O. stamineus (0.1 g/100 g of body weight). O. stamineus was given orally daily for 2 weeks in non-pregnant and 10 days in pregnant rats. RESULTS: Oral glucose tolerance test indicated that treatment with O. stamineus in non-pregnant and pregnant rats significantly reduced blood glucose level and stimulated glucose-induced insulin secretion. No mortality was recorded throughout the study and no signs of toxicity during the experimental period including in both mother and foetus. For plasma analysis, the interactions of peptides such as GLP-1 and ghrelin level might contribute to the glucose lowering effect by O. stamineus via stimulation of insulin. The incubation of islets showed that O . stamineussignificantly stimulated insulin release in response to high glucose. CONCLUSION: O. stamineus could be a potential source of a specific oral hypoglycaemic agent to treat glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
Cardiovascular risk factors and disease in women.; Coronary artery disease and stroke predominantly affect older women as opposed to younger women, but the risk factors that contribute to atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk often start in young women. Young women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), with migraine, and who use oral contraceptive pills (OCPs) have short-term increases in thrombotic complications that can result in coronary events or stroke. Attention should be focused on risk reduction in women of all ages. Screening for and discussing diabetes, hypertension, obesity, smoking, migraine, PCOS, and pregnancy complication history and discussing the pros and cons of hormone and statin medications are part of reducing cardiovascular risk for women.
A single dose of beetroot juice improves endothelial function but not tissue oxygenation in pregnant women: a randomised clinical trial.; Beetroot juice (BJ) consumption has been associated with improved cardiovascular health owing to an increase in NO bioconversion. This study evaluates the effect of BJ consumption on macrovascular endothelial function (flow-mediated dilation (FMD)) and muscle oxygen saturation (StO2) parameters in pregnant women within a randomised, crossover, double-blind design in which twelve pregnant women consumed a single dose (140 ml) of BJ or placebo (PLA). Urinary nitrate was assessed before (T0) and 150 min after BJ/PLA consumption. FMD was used to evaluate macrovascular endothelial function, and near-IR spectroscopy was used to evaluate muscle StO2 parameters during the occlusion and reperfusion phases, which were taken at baseline (PRE) and 120 and 140 min after BJ/PLA consumption, respectively. A significant increase in urinary nitrate was observed at 150 min after BJ consumption when compared with T0 (BJ: 0·20 (sd 0·13) v. T0: 0·02 (sd 0·00), P=0·000) and PLA intervention (PLA: 0·02 (sd 0·00), P=0·001). FMD improved after BJ consumption when compared with PRE (BJ: 11·00 (sd 1·67) v. PRE: 5·53 (sd 1·17), P=0·000) and PLA (5·34 (sd 1·31), P=0·000). No significant difference between PLA and PRE in FMD (P=1·000) was observed. In StO2 parameters, a difference was not observed after BJ consumption compared with PRE and PLA intervention. The data demonstrate that a single dose of 140 ml of BJ consumption improves macrovascular endothelial function, but not StO2 parameters.
Severity of fetal growth restriction stratified according to maternal obesity.; OBJECTIVE: The primary objective of this study was to ascertain if among women with fetal growth restriction (FGR; estimated fetal weight [EFW] < 10th percentile) the frequency of severe FGR (sFGR; EFW < 3rd percentile for gestational age) differed among various classes of obesity. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of all pregnancies complicated by FGR from August 2016- March 2019 at a single center, undergoing weekly antenatal surveillance (biophysical profiles and umbilical artery Doppler). Exclusion criteria included multiple gestation, prenatally diagnosed fetal anomalies, and unknown maternal body mass index (BMI) at the time of the ultrasound exam. We defined fetal growth restriction as an estimated fetal weight less than the 10th percentile for gestational age using Hadlock criteria. Severe FGR was defined as the estimated fetal weight below 3rd percentile for gestational age. Maternal BMI was categorized as non-obese (BMI ≤ 29.9), Class I obesity (30.0-34.9), and Class II or III obesity (≥35.0 kg/m(2)). Abnormal Dopplers were defined as absent or reversed end diastolic flow. Maternal characteristics and ultrasound findings were compared between groups. Categorical variables were compared by χ(2) or Fisher's exact test and continuous variables were compared by t test or nonparametric Wilcoxon rank sum test. Logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals by adjusting for potential confounders including maternal age, hypertensive disorders, pre-gestational and gestational diabetes, auto-immune disorders, and gestational age at diagnosis. RESULTS: Of 974 women that met the inclusion and exclusion criteria, 678 (70%) were not obese, 151 (15%) had class I obesity, and 145 (15%) had class II or III obesity. Obese women were significantly more likely to be multiparous and had a lower mean gestational age at diagnosis of FGR. Hypertensive disorders were more common with increasing BMI, as was type II diabetes mellitus (p < .01). There were no statistically significant differences between the obesity groups with regards to other comorbidities. Women with obesity classes I and II/III had significantly higher frequency of severe FGR (37.8%) as compared to non-obese women (29%; p < .05). The rates of abnormal Dopplers was more frequent with worsening obesity: 31.4%, 34.4%, and 46.2% for non-obese, class I obesity, and class II or III obesity, respectively (p < .01). There were no significant differences in amniotic fluid abnormalities or antenatal testing results. After adjustment for potential confounders, women with class I obesity had higher odds of having severe FGR (aOR = 1.4; 95% CI = 1.0-2.1). There was also an increased odds of abnormal Dopplers among women with class II/III obesity, as compared to non-obese women, after adjusting for confounders (aOR = 1.7; 95% CI = 1.2-2.6). CONCLUSION: Among women with FGR, obese women were more likely to have severe FGR and abnormal Dopplers compared to non-obese women. These findings warrant further study into predictors of adverse outcomes among obese women with FGR. Such information could be useful in counseling patients as to the possible course of disease after diagnosis of fetal growth restriction.
Drug insight: insulin-sensitizing drugs in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome--a reappraisal.; The recognition that insulin resistance has a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) revolutionized our understanding of this complex disorder. PCOS causes major metabolic and reproductive morbidities, including substantially increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome. Insulin-sensitizing drugs (ISDs) ameliorate reproductive abnormalities, restore ovulation and regular menses, increase pregnancy rates and reduce androgenic symptoms in affected women with PCOS. Accordingly, ISDs, specifically metformin, have been widely adopted as therapy for this condition. A recent, large, randomized, multicenter, clinical trial that assessed live-birth rates rather than surrogate end points suggested that metformin alone is inferior to clomiphene citrate in treating infertility associated with PCOS. There is, furthermore, no evidence to support the use of metformin during pregnancy to prevent spontaneous abortions or gestational diabetes mellitus in women with PCOS. Renewed safety concerns about thiazolidinediones followed recent studies that reported increased cardiovascular morbidity with these agents. These concerns might preclude thiazolidinedione use in otherwise healthy women with PCOS. Finally, although ISDs improve insulin action and cardiovascular disease risk, there is no evidence that they provide long-term health benefits in PCOS. This article discusses the role of ISDs in PCOS in light of these new data.
Acute myocardial infarction in pregnancy: a United States population-based study.; BACKGROUND: The purpose of this study was to determine the incidence, mortality, and risk factors for pregnancy-related acute myocardial infarction in the United States. METHODS AND RESULTS: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample for the years 2000 to 2002 was queried for all pregnancy-related discharges. A total of 859 discharges included a diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction, for a rate of 6.2 (95% confidence interval [CI] 3.0 to 9.4) per 100,000 deliveries. Among these, there were 44 deaths, for a case fatality rate of 5.1%. The odds of acute myocardial infarction were 30-fold higher for women aged 40 years and older than for women <20 years of age. Single independent variables that were statistically and clinically significant, including age, race, and certain medical conditions and obstetric complications, were entered into a multivariable logistic regression model. Hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 21.7, 95% CI 6.8 to 69.1), thrombophilia (OR 25.6, 95% CI 9.2 to 71.2), diabetes mellitus (OR 3.6, 95% CI 1.5 to 8.3), smoking (OR 8.4, 95% CI 5.4 to 12.9), transfusion (OR 5.1, 95% CI 2.0 to 12.7), postpartum infection (OR 3.2, 95% CI 1.2 to 10.1), and age 30 years and older remained as significant risk factors for pregnancy-related acute myocardial infarction. Black race was eliminated as a risk factor in the multivariable analysis, which suggests that the increased incidence among black women is explained by an increased prevalence of other cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Although acute myocardial infarction is a rare event in women of reproductive age, pregnancy increases the risk 3- to 4-fold. Certain medical conditions and complications of pregnancy increase the risk further and are potentially modifiable risk factors.
Low birth weight does not increase the risk of nephropathy in Finnish type 1 diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND: Low birth weight (LBW) has been linked to renal disease both in animal models and human studies. However, the role of birth weight in the development of diabetic nephropathy is unclear. We, therefore, studied the impact of birth weight on the development of diabetic nephropathy and other related traits, such as diabetic retinopathy and macrovascular disease, in Caucasian type 1 diabetic patients. METHODS: Data on size at birth were obtained from original birth certificates in 1543 Finnish patients with type 1 diabetes. The patients were divided into those with low (LBW; below the 10th percentile), normal (NBW; 11-90th percentile) and high birth weight (HBW; above the 90th percentile). RESULTS: Diabetic nephropathy was equally common in the groups with various birth weight (LBW vs NBW vs HBW: 21 vs 20 vs 17%, P = NS). End-stage renal disease (3 vs 5 vs 4%, P = NS), laser-treated retinopathy (31 vs 31 vs 31%, P = NS) and macrovascular disease (5 vs 5 vs 8%, P = NS) were equally prevalent in the various birth weight groups. The time from the onset of diabetes to the onset of diabetic nephropathy was similar irrespective of birth weight (log-rank test; P = NS). CONCLUSIONS: Based on our cross-sectional data, LBW does not have an impact on the development of diabetic nephropathy, laser-treated retinopathy or macrovascular disease later in life in Caucasians with type 1 diabetes.
Role of cardiovascular imaging in cancer patients receiving cardiotoxic therapies: a position statement on behalf of the Heart Failure Association (HFA), the European Association of Cardiovascular Imaging (EACVI) and the Cardio-Oncology Council of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC).; Cardiovascular (CV) imaging is an important tool in baseline risk assessment and detection of CV disease in oncology patients receiving cardiotoxic cancer therapies. This position statement examines the role of echocardiography, cardiac magnetic resonance, nuclear cardiac imaging and computed tomography in the management of cancer patients. The Imaging and Cardio-Oncology Study Groups of the Heart Failure Association (HFA) of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC) in collaboration with the European Association of Cardiovascular Imaging (EACVI) and the Cardio-Oncology Council of the ESC have evaluated the current evidence for the value of modern CV imaging in the cardio-oncology field. The most relevant echocardiographic parameters, including global longitudinal strain and three-dimensional ejection fraction, are proposed. The protocol for baseline pre-treatment evaluation and specific surveillance algorithms or pathways for anthracycline chemotherapy, HER2-targeted therapies such as trastuzumab, vascular endothelial growth factor tyrosine kinase inhibitors, BCr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitors, proteasome inhibitors and immune checkpoint inhibitors are presented. The indications for CV imaging after completion of oncology treatment are considered. The typical consequences of radiation therapy and the possibility of their identification in the long term are also summarized. Special populations are discussed including female survivors planning pregnancy, patients with carcinoid disease, patients with cardiac tumours and patients with right heart failure. Future directions and ongoing CV imaging research in cardio-oncology are discussed.
Circulating concentrations of immunoreactive peptide 7B2 in certain pathophysiological conditions, and response to oral glucose load.; A peptide, 7B2, originally isolated from pituitary, is present in endocrine tumors, with high concentrations in pancreatic islet tumors. Plasma from most of these patients showed very high immunoreactivity to 7B2 (IR-7B2). To assess whether or not there is any alteration in circulating 7B2 concentrations due to age, sex, etc., we measured concentrations in plasma in 96 fasting healthy subjects, ages three months to 91 years; in patients with various other conditions, including pregnancy; and in cord blood. The response of circulating IR-7B2 to oral glucose was also evaluated. We found particularly high IR-7B2 concentrations in cord blood. Postnatally the concentrations were lower and decreased gradually with age to values for adults [15.6 (SE 2.9) pmol/L], increasing again significantly (P less than 0.01) in persons older than 70 years [37.1 (SE 32) pmol/L]. There was no significant sex-related difference in values for plasma. For the pathological conditions studied, we observed significantly supranormal values in patients with chronic renal failure [175.1 (SE 35.9) pmol/L]. Some of the pregnant patients in their third trimester also showed high values. A small but significant increase in plasma IR-7B2 was observed after a glucose load, both in control subjects and diabetics. Perhaps the kidney plays a major role in 7B2 degradation.
Prediction of postpartum prediabetes by machine learning methods in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; Early onset of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease are common complications for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Prediabetes refers to a condition in which blood glucose levels are higher than normal, but not yet high enough to be diagnosed as type 2 diabetes. Currently, there is no accurate way of knowing which women with gestational diabetes are likely to develop postpartum prediabetes. This study aims to predict the risk of postpartum prediabetes in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Our sparse logistic regression approach selects only two variables - antenatal fasting glucose at OGTT and HbA1c soon after the diagnosis of GDM - as relevant, but gives an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.72, outperforming all other methods. We envision this to be a practical solution, which coupled with a targeted follow-up of high-risk women, could yield better cardiometabolic outcomes in women with a history of GDM.
Gender-differences in antithrombotic therapy across the spectrum of ischemic heart disease: Time to tackle the Yentl syndrome?; The incidence and clinical presentation of ischemic heart disease (IHD), as well as thrombotic and bleeding risks, appear to differ between genders. Compared with men, women feature an increased thrombotic risk, probably related to an increased platelet reactivity, higher level of coagulation factors, and sex-associated unique cardiovascular risk factors, such as pregnancy-related (i.e., pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes), gynecological disorders (i.e., polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause) and autoimmune or systemic inflammatory diseases. At the same time, women are also at increased risk of bleeding, due to inappropriate dosing of antithrombotic agents, smaller blood vessels, lower body weight and comorbidities, such as diabetes and chronic kidney disease. Pharmacological strategies focused on the personalization of antithrombotic treatment may, therefore, be particularly appealing in women in light of their higher bleeding and ischemic risks. Paradoxically, although women represent a large proportion of cardiovascular patients in our practice, adequate high-quality clinical trial data on women remain scarce and inadequate to guide decision-making processes. As a result, IHD in women tends to be understudied, underdiagnosed and undertreated, a phenomenon known as a "Yentl syndrome." It is, therefore, compelling for the scientific community to embark on dedicated clinical trials to address underrepresentation of women and to acquire evidence-based knowledge in the personalization of antithrombotic therapy in women.
Fetal Strain and Strain Rate Measured with Speckle Tracking Echocardiography in Maternal Diabetes: Systematic Review.; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate fetal cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with diabetes compared to those of mothers without diabetes using 2D-STE. METHODS: Embase, MEDLINE, and CENTRAL were searched for observational studies on 2D-STE fetal left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain and strain rate that included singleton, non-anomalous pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. The strain values were pooled per 4 weeks of gestation for meta-analysis using random-effects models. RESULTS: Fifteen studies met the criteria, including 990 fetuses of diabetic mothers and 1,645 control fetuses. The study design was cross-sectional in fourteen studies and longitudinal in one study. Gestational age, type of diabetes, ultrasound device, and 2D-STE software varied between the studies. Glycemic control and type of treatment were often lacking. In fetuses of diabetic mothers versus healthy mothers, left ventricular strain was significantly decreased (7 studies), increased (1 study), or not significantly different (7 studies). Right ventricular strain was decreased (7 studies), increased (1 study), or not different (2 studies). Left ventricular strain rate was decreased (3 studies), increased (1 study), or not different (2 studies). Right ventricular strain rate was increased (1 study) or not different (2 studies). CONCLUSION: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes show evidence of systolic dysfunction, which is more visible in the right ventricle. Contradictory results are probably due to suboptimal study designs and variation in gestational age, diabetes severity, image acquisition, and software. Large prospective longitudinal studies are needed to assess fetal myocardial function with 2D-STE in pregestational diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. The influence of glycemic control, BMI, and treatment should be evaluated.
Diabetes, exercise, and atherosclerosis.; Regular exercise may diminish the risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes and in the general population. The basis for this effect of exercise may be its ability to diminish or prevent hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and/or increases in intra-abdominal adipose mass. These abnormalities are associated with premature atherosclerotic vascular disease, essential hypertension, type II diabetes, and certain dyslipoproteinemias, and most likely precede them. They also have been implicated in the pathogenesis of these disorders. We propose that the high prevalence of hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in individuals leading a western life-style accounts for the reported benefit of physical activity in preventing coronary heart disease in the general population. We also propose that exercise (and diet) are most likely to be effective when initiated in young individuals, before the onset of irreversible vascular alterations, and when life-style changes may be more acceptable. Early identification of such individuals may be possible on the basis of family history, the presence of components of the hyperinsulinemia-insulin resistance syndrome, and/or central obesity. One such group that may already have been identified is women with gestational diabetes.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy outcome: a prospective analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To analyze whether the obese women have an increased risk of pregnancy complications and adverse fetal outcome. METHODS: The longitudinal prospective study was carried out in the Obst and Gynae department, IPGME and R, Kolkata. The study enrolled 422 pre-pregnant obese women with pregnancy as study population and equal number of non obese pregnant mothers as controls. Body mass index (BMI) was > or = 30.0 kg/m2 and 20-22 kg/m2 in obese and control group respectively. RESULTS: In comparison to average weight pregnant women, obese pregnant women were at increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (19.43 vs 3.79%; p < 0.001), pregnancy induced hypertension (12.32 vs 2.36%; p < 0.001), pre-eclampsia (8.76 vs 3.31%; p < 0.001), preterm labor in less than 34 week gestation (7.58 vs 3.55%; p < 0.001), cesarean section (36.72 vs 17.53%; p < 0.001), instrumental deliveries (12.32 vs 5.21%; p < 0.001) and postpartum infection morbidities (9.95 vs 3.79%; p < 0.001). These women were more prone to develop overt diabetes (2.36% vs 0) and chronic hypertension (5.21 vs .47% ) in future as well. Neonates of obese women were mostly large for gestational age, macrosomic and they had high incidences of birth injuries, shoulder dystocia, premature deliveries, late fetal deaths and congenital malformations particularly spina bifida, cleft lip, cleft palate and heart defect. CONCLUSION: As obesity is considered to be a modifiable risk factor, preconception counseling and creating awareness regarding health risks associated with over weight and obesity should be encouraged.
Fetal growth is not associated with early onset of severe retinopathy in type 1 diabetes mellitus.; Reduced fetal growth has been suggested as a possible risk factor for diabetic nephropathy. The aim of the present study was to examine whether there could be an association also with rapidly progressing severe retinopathy in younger type 1 diabetic patients. Maternal pregnancy, as well as birth parameters of 27 type 1 diabetic patients with severe retinopathy diagnosis at a median age of 25 years, were studied retrospectively. The control group consisted of 22 type 1 diabetic patients with mild background retinopathy and with similar age, age at onset, and duration of diabetes. Mothers of the subjects with severe retinopathy had a higher body mass index (P = 0.03) but similar age, blood pressure levels, and weight gain during pregnancy as those of the control group. All but four babies, two in each group, were born after 37 completed gestational weeks. There were no differences regarding birth weight or of relative birth weight corrected for gestational length. Head circumference, birth length, and placenta weight were similar. The results indicate that fetal growth is not a factor of major importance for the development of severe retinopathy in younger type 1 diabetic patients.
Primary Care Endocrinology in the Adult Woman.; Diabetes mellitus, thyroid disorders, and osteoporosis are endocrine conditions affecting a significant proportion of women presenting to the obstetrician-gynecologist. Obstetrician-gynecologists are often the first health-care providers that young women see in adulthood, and thus, have a critical opportunity to identify women at risk for gestational and overt diabetes and manage the condition in those who have developed it. The obstetrician-gynecologist should be aware of the appropriate therapeutic options and treatment goals (eg, hemoglobin A1c) for women with diabetes. Thyroid disorders often present with menstrual irregularities or infertility, can affect pregnancy outcomes, and contribute to cardiovascular and bone disorders as women age. Finally, osteoporosis and low bone mineral density affect a substantial proportion of older women and some younger women with risk factors for secondary osteoporosis. The morbidity and mortality of osteoporotic fractures is substantial. There are many lifestyle interventions and therapeutic options available for these conditions, and the gynecologist plays a key role in optimizing risk factor assessment, screening, and providing treatment when appropriate.
Preeclampsia: A comprehensive review.; Preeclampsia (PE) is a life-threatening disease of pregnancy and a prominent cause of neonatal and maternal mortality and morbidity. PE affects approximately 5-10% of pregnancies worldwide, posing significant risks to perinatal and maternal health. It is characterized by a variety of interconnected pathological cascades contributing to the stimulation of intravascular inflammation, oxidative stress (OS), endothelial cell activation, and syncytiotrophoblast stress that converge on a common pathway, ultimately resulting in disease progression. The present study was designed and executed to review the existing scientific literature, specifically focusing on the etiology (gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, maternal infection, periodontal disease, altered microbiome, and genetics), clinical presentations (hypertension, blood disorders, proteinuria, hepatic dysfunction, renal dysfunction, pulmonary edema, cardiac dysfunction, fetal growth restrictions, and eclampsia), therapeutic clinical biomarkers (creatinine, albuminuria, and cystatin C) along with their associations and mechanisms in PE. In addition, this study provides insights into the potential of nanomedicines for targeting these mechanisms for PE management and treatment. Inflammation, OS, proteinuria, and an altered microbiome are prominent biomarkers associated with progression and PE-related pathogenesis. Understanding the molecular mechanisms, exploring suitable markers, targeted interventions, comprehensive screening, and holistic strategies are critical to decreasing the incidence of PE and promoting maternal-fetal well-being. The present study comprehensively reviewed the etiology, clinical presentations, therapeutic biomarkers, and preventive potential of nanomedicines in the treatment and management of PE.
Birth Size and Gestational Age Specific Outcomes of Inhaled Nitric Oxide Therapy in Preterm Neonates with Clinically Diagnosed Pulmonary Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: Among neonates of 22 to 29 weeks' gestational age (GA) who required mechanical ventilation for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) and clinically diagnosed pulmonary hypertension (PH), we tested our hypothesis that the association between early treatment with inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) and survival would vary according to birth size and GA. STUDY DESIGN: Because iNO was not randomly prescribed to patients in this cohort, we used propensity score matching to pair a neonate who received iNO at a chronological age of ≤7 days with an unexposed neonate with similar baseline characteristics. The primary outcome was inhospital mortality, which we evaluated based on size for GA and GA strata using the Cox proportional hazards regression model. RESULTS: Among 1,531 neonates who met study criteria, we created a propensity score matched cohort of 615 pairs of neonates (iNO-exposed and unexposed). The risk of inhospital mortality for iNO-exposed neonates was observed only in the minority (<10%) who were large for GA, though this finding did not persist when matching for illness severity. CONCLUSION: Early treatment with iNO is not associated with survival in most extremely premature neonates with RDS and clinically diagnosed PH when stratified for birth size or GA.
Beneficial effects of dietary omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus.; Various mechanisms through which maternal diet influences offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. We speculate that prenatal omega 3 fatty acids will improve the levels of brain neurotrophins and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), an angiogenic factor leading to improved cognitive performance in the offspring. GDM was induced in Wistar rats using streptozotocin. They were assigned to either control, GDM or GDM+O (GDM + omega-3 fatty acid supplementation). The offspring were followed till 3 mo of age and cognitive assessment was undertaken. Data analysis was carried out using one-way ANOVA followed by LSD test. GDM induction increased (p < 0.01) dam glucose levels and lowered brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels (p = 0.056) in the offspring at birth. At 3 months, GDM group showed significantly lower levels of neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor-2 (NTRK-2) and VEGF, lower mRNA levels of NTRK-2 and cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB) (P < 0.05 for all) as compared to control. The GDM offspring had a higher escape latency (p < 0.01), made lesser % correct choices and more errors (p < 0.05 for both). Prenatal supplementation with omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was beneficial since it ameliorated some of the adverse effects of GDM.
Comparison of hearing screening outcomes in newborns of gestational diabetic and non-diabetic mothers: a prospective, controlled study.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is related to presumptive hearing impairment in newborns. STUDY DESIGN: The newborns were divided into two groups. The first group included the children of gestational diabetic pregnancies (DPs), and the second group, the children of non-gestational diabetic pregnancies (NDPs). Transient evoked otoacoustic emissions (TEOAE) and automated Auditory Brainstem Response (aABR) tests were applied as hearing screening tests. RESULTS: Twenty (40.8%) newborns in the DPs group and 5 (7.7%) newborns in the NDPs group failed the first hearing screening test (p = .001). The number of newborns with bilateral failed hearing screening tests was higher in the DPs group at the first screening (75% vs. 20%, p = .04). Fifteen (75.0%) of 20 newborns in the DPs group and 1 (20.0%) of 5 newborns in the NDPs group failed the second TEOAE hearing screening test (p = .04). CONCLUSION: The possibility of presumptive hearing impairment is higher in the newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to the newborns of non-diabetic mothers.
Potential roles of high salt intake and maternal malnutrition in the development of hypertension in disadvantaged populations.; 1. It has been argued that all major risk factors for cardiovascular disease have been identified. Yet, epidemiological studies undertaken to identify risk factors have largely focused on populations in developed nations or on the urban or relatively affluent rural populations of developing countries. Poor rural populations are seldom studied. 2. Somewhat different risk factors may operate in poor rural populations. Evidence for this is provided by the finding that, in disadvantaged rural India, the prevalence of hypertension is greater than would be expected based on established risk factors in these populations. One risk factor to be considered is a poor intrauterine environment. 3. In animals, maternal macro- and micronutrient malnutrition can lead to reduced nephron endowment. Nephron deficiency, in turn, can render blood pressure salt sensitive. The combination of nephron deficiency and excessive salt intake will predispose to hypertension. 4. Human malnutrition may have similar effects, particularly in regions of the world where malnutrition is endemic and where women are disadvantaged by existing social practices. 5. Moreover, high salt intake is endemic in many parts of Asia, including India. Therefore, we propose that maternal malnutrition (leading to reduced nephron endowment), when combined with excessive salt intake postnatally, will account, at least in part, for the unexpectedly high prevalence of hypertension in disadvantaged rural communities in India and elsewhere.
Reference range of placental growth factors at 11-14 weeks' gestation in Indonesia.; OBJECTIVES: To develop a reference chart for placental growth factor (PLGF) value during 11-14 weeks' gestation in Indonesian population. METHODS: This was an observational study observing women in their first trimester. Maternal characteristics, biophysical tests, and serum PLGF levels were collected during the visit. PLGF Multiple of Median (MoM) was adjusted for maternal characteristics including age, parity, smoking habits, diabetes mellitus, weight, height, body mass index, gestational age, and crown-rump length (CRL) utilizing the linear regression analysis. Plot distributions of PLGF level and PLGF MoM adjusted to CRL were developed using logistic regression technique. RESULTS: Out of 2.062 consecutive women undergoing 11-14 weeks' gestation ultrasound screening, the median of PLGF level and PLGF MoM were 50.38 pg/ml (1.09-265.20 pg/ml) and 1.00 (0.02-4.80), respectively. In the multivariate analysis, PLGF MoM was not significantly influenced by maternal factors such as age, parity, smoking habit, diabetes mellitus, height, weight, and BMI. The adjusted PLGF MoM reference chart according to the CRL was developed using quadratic linear regression. CONCLUSION: PLGF levels at 11-14 weeks' gestation were notably influenced by CRL but not by maternal characteristics. The usefulness of this parameter in combining with other established markers as a screening tool for the Indonesian population basis requires further investigation.
Patterns of cerebral injury and neurodevelopmental outcomes after symptomatic neonatal hypoglycemia.; BACKGROUND: Symptomatic neonatal hypoglycemia may be associated with later neurodevelopmental impairment. Brain injury patterns identified on early MRI scans and their relationships to the nature of the hypoglycemic insult and neurodevelopmental outcomes are poorly defined. METHODS: We studied 35 term infants with early brain MRI scans after symptomatic neonatal hypoglycemia (median glucose level: 1 mmol/L) without evidence of hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy. Perinatal data were compared with equivalent data from 229 term, neurologically normal infants (control subjects), to identify risk factors for hypoglycemia. Neurodevelopmental outcomes were assessed at a minimum of 18 months. RESULTS: White matter abnormalities occurred in 94% of infants with hypoglycemia, being severe in 43%, with a predominantly posterior pattern in 29% of cases. Cortical abnormalities occurred in 51% of infants; 30% had white matter hemorrhage, 40% basal ganglia/thalamic lesions, and 11% an abnormal posterior limb of the internal capsule. Three infants had middle cerebral artery territory infarctions. Twenty-three infants (65%) demonstrated impairments at 18 months, which were related to the severity of white matter injury and involvement of the posterior limb of the internal capsule. Fourteen infants demonstrated growth restriction, 1 had macrosomia, and 2 had mothers with diabetes mellitus. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, a family history of seizures, emergency cesarean section, and the need for resuscitation were more common among case subjects than control subjects. CONCLUSIONS: Patterns of injury associated with symptomatic neonatal hypoglycemia were more varied than described previously. White matter injury was not confined to the posterior regions; hemorrhage, middle cerebral artery infarction, and basal ganglia/thalamic abnormalities were seen, and cortical involvement was common. Early MRI findings were more instructive than the severity or duration of hypoglycemia for predicting neurodevelopmental outcomes.
Diabetes and oral contraception.; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is increasing dramatically worldwide, resulting in more and more women of reproductive age being affected by either type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Management of contraception is a major issue due to the specific risks associated with pregnancy and those potentially induced by hormonal contraceptives in diabetic women. This review emphasizes the urgent need to improve the use of contraception in women with diabetes. There is no consistent evidence that combined oral contraceptives significantly influence the risk of developing diabetes, even in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Furthermore, although data from specific studies remain sparse, no worsening effect has been reported in diabetic women, either in glycemic control or on the course of microvascular complications. Thus, the use of estroprogestive pills is now recognized as a safe and effective option for preconception care of women with uncomplicated diabetes. According to recent guidelines, these contraceptives must be avoided in case of associated cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease or severe microvascular complications such as nephropathy with proteinuria or active proliferative retinopathy. Prescription of combined hormonal contraception in type 2 diabetic women must also be considered with caution due to a frequent association with obesity and vascular risk factors which increase both thromboembolic and arterial risks. Thanks to their metabolic and vascular safety profile, progestin-only contraceptives, as well as non-hormonal methods, represent alternatives according to patient wishes.
Severe Uncontrolled Maternal Hyperglycemia Induces Microsomia and Neurodevelopment Delay Accompanied by Apoptosis, Cellular Survival, and Neuroinflammatory Deregulation in Rat Offspring Hippocampus.; Maternal diabetes constitutes an unfavorable intrauterine environment for offspring development. Although it is known that diabetes can cause brain alterations and increased risk for neurologic disorders, the relationship between neuroimmune activation, brain changes, and neurodevelopment deficits in the offspring remains unclear. In order to elucidate the short- and long-term biological basis of the developmental outcomes caused by the severe uncontrolled maternal hyperglycemia, we studied apoptosis, neurogenesis, and neuroinflammation pathways in the hippocampus of neonates and young rats born to diabetic dams. Diabetes was induced on gestational day 5 by an injection of streptozotocin. Evaluations of milestones, body growth, and inhibitory avoidance were performed to monitor the offspring development and behavior. Hippocampal modifications were studied through cellular survival by BrdU in the dentate gyrus, expression of apoptosis-regulatory proteins (procaspase 3, caspase 3, and Bcl-2), BDNF, and neuroinflammatory modulation by interleukins, MHC-I, MHC-II, Iba-1, and GFAP proteins. Severe maternal diabetes caused microsomia and neurodevelopmental delay in pups and decrease of Bcl-2, procaspase 3, and caspase 3 in the hippocampus. Moreover, in a later stage of development, it was found an increase of TNF-α and a decrease of procaspase 3, caspase 3, MHC-I, IL-1β, and BDNF in the hippocampus, as well as impairment in cellular survival in the dentate gyrus. This study showed significant short- and long-term commitments on the development, apoptosis, cell survival, and neuroinflammation in the offspring hippocampus induced by severe uncontrolled maternal hyperglycemia. The data reinforce the need for treatment of maternal hyperglycemic states during pregnancy and breast-feeding.
Acceleration time to Ejection time ratio in fetal pulmonary artery system can predict neonatal respiratory disorders in gestational diabetic mellitus women.; BACKGROUND: Few researches studied fetal pulmonary pulse wave doppler and the clinical end point disorders in gestational diabetic mellitus (GDM) cohort. OBJECTIVE: To investigate fetal pulmonary artery acceleration time to ejection time ratio (PATET) in the prediction of neonatal respiratory disorders (NRD). METHODS: 238 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM who attended our hospital between February 2018 and March 2020 were retrospectively included. Fetal pulmonary artery Doppler wave measurements were recorded, including main, left and right pulmonary artery blood flow, and left and right peripheral pulmonary artery blood flow. Acceleration time (At)/ejection time (Et) were calculated. RESULTS: 183 GDM pregnant women and neonates were divided into NRD(+)(n = 42) and NRD(-) group (n = 141). 16 cases were neonatal pneumonia (NP) within 28 days after birth in NRD(+) group. The area under curve (AUC) of left peripheral pulmonary artery acceleration time to ejection time (LPPATET) was 0.967 (95% CI: 0.927∼1.000, P < 0.001) and the AUC of right peripheral pulmonary artery acceleration time to ejection time (RPPATET) was 0.967 (95% CI: 0.927∼1.000, P < 0.001), indicating that LPPATET and RPPATET are both predictors for NRD. The results of interobserver variabilty and intraobserver variability showed a good consistency. CONCLUSIONS: The At/Et of fetal peripheral pulmonary artery (PPA) in GDM women may be predictors for NRD, and the indicator can provide assistance in clinical management of diabetes pregnant patients.
Does the impact of a plant-based diet during pregnancy on birth weight differ by ethnicity? A dietary pattern analysis from a prospective Canadian birth cohort alliance.; OBJECTIVE: Birth weight is an indicator of newborn health and a strong predictor of health outcomes in later life. Significant variation in diet during pregnancy between ethnic groups in high-income countries provides an ideal opportunity to investigate the influence of maternal diet on birth weight. SETTING: Four multiethnic birth cohorts based in Canada (the NutriGen Alliance). PARTICIPANTS: 3997 full-term mother-infant pairs of diverse ethnic groups who had principal component analysis-derived diet pattern scores-plant-based, Western and health-conscious-and birth weight data. RESULTS: No associations were identified between the Western and health-conscious diet patterns and birth weight; however, the plant-based dietary pattern was inversely associated with birth weight (β=-67.6 g per 1-unit increase; P<0.001), and an interaction with non-white ethnicity and birth weight was observed. Ethnically stratified analyses demonstrated that among white Europeans, maternal consumption of a plant-based diet associated with lower birth weight (β=-65.9 g per 1-unit increase; P<0.001), increased risk of small-for-gestational age (SGA; OR=1.46; 95% CI 1.08 to 1.54;P=0.005) and reduced risk of large-for-gestational age (LGA; OR=0.71; 95% CI 0.53 to 0.95;P=0.02). Among South Asians, maternal consumption of a plant-based diet associated with a higher birth weight (β=+40.5 g per 1-unit increase; P=0.01), partially explained by cooked vegetable consumption. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal consumption of a plant-based diet during pregnancy is associated with birth weight. Among white Europeans, a plant-based diet is associated with lower birth weight, reduced odds of an infant born LGA and increased odds of SGA, whereas among South Asians living in Canada, a plant-based diet is associated with increased birth weight.
[Documento de consenso de la Sociedad Española de Obstetricia y Ginecologia (SEGO) y el Comité Español Interdisciplinario para la Prevención Vascular (CEIPV). Ventana de oportunidad: prevención del riesgo vascular en la mujer. Resultados adversos del embarazo y riesgo de enfermedad vascular.].; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies.
Water-losing and water-retaining states: role of water channels and vasopressin receptor antagonists.; Alterations in water metabolism are present in conditions such as diabetes insipidus, syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, cardiac failure, cirrhosis, and pregnancy. Recent advances in molecular biology have enhanced our understanding of disordered water metabolism in these conditions. This review examines the roles of central vasopressin synthesis and release and collecting duct vasopressin V2 receptor and aquaporin-2 water channel regulation in water-losing and water-retaining states.
Treatment of acute myocardial infarction in pregnancy with coronary artery balloon angioplasty and stenting: use of tirofiban and clopidogrel.; Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in pregnancy is rare and has a high mortality rate of 37-50%. The most important risk factors are advanced maternal age, hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Although thrombolytic therapy, percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty (PTCA) and coronary artery by-pass grafting can be performed, primary PTCA and antiplatelet agents have recently improved prognosis. We here present a case of AMI in a 43 year old woman in the 20th week of pregnancy treated successfully with aspirin, clopidogrel and intracoronary stenting without any complications.
Epidemiology of birth defects based on a birth defects surveillance system in southwestern China and the associated risk factors.; BACKGROUND: Birth defects (BDs) are associated with many potential risk factors, and its causes are complex. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to explore the epidemiological characteristics of BDs in Guangxi of China and the associated risk factors of BDs. METHODS: BDs data of perinatal infants (PIs) were obtained from the Guangxi birth defects monitoring network between 2016 and 2020. Univariate Poisson regression was used to calculate the prevalence-rate ratios (PRR) to explore the changing trends of BDs prevalence by year and the correlation between the regarding of characteristics of BDs (including infant gender, maternal age, and quarter) and BDs. Clinical characteristics of PIs with BDs and general characteristics of their mothers were documented, and Spearman correlation analysis was used to explore the potential associated risk factors of BDs. RESULTS: Between 2016 and 2020, 44,146 PIs with BDs were monitored, with an overall BDs prevalence of 121.71 (95% CI: 120.58-122.84) per 10,000 PIs, showing a significant increase trend (PRR = 1.116, 95% CI: 1.108-1.123), especially the prevalence of congenital heart defects (CHDs) that most significantly increased (PRR = 1.300, 95% CI: 1.283-1.318). The 10 most common BDs were CHDs, polydactyly, congenital talipes equinovarus, other malformation of external ear, syndactyly, hypospadias, cleft lip with cleft palate, cleft lip, hemoglobin Bart's hydrops fetalis syndrome (BHFS), and congenital atresia of the rectum and anus. BDs were positively correlated with pregnant women's age (R = 0.732, P < 0.01) and education level (R = 0.586, P < 0.05) and having pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM)/gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (R = 0.711, P < 0.01), while when the pregnant women had a family history of a dead fetus (R = -0.536, P < 0.05) and a birth of a fetus with BDs (R = -0.528, P < 0.05) were negatively correlated with BDs. CONCLUSION: A significant increase in the prevalence of BDs was detected between 2016 and 2020 in Guangxi, especially the prevalence of CHDs that most significantly increased. Older maternal age, higher maternal education level, and having PGDM before pregnancy or GDM in early pregnancy were the risk factors for BDs.
Maternal body mass index and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A ghanaian cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between maternal weight at <17 weeks gestation and maternal and infant outcomes of pregnancy, delivery, and the postpartum period in pregnant Ghanaian women. METHODS: A prospective cohort study of 1,000 women in Accra, Ghana (2012-2014), was conducted. Women were classified as having overweight (BMI 25-30) and obesity (BMI ≥ 30), and their obstetric and infant outcomes were analyzed using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: The analysis included 824 women, average 28 years (SD 5.1); 313 (31.3%) had overweight and 169 (16.9%) obesity. Women with obesity had a two-fold increased risk for cesarean sections (RR 2.20, 95% CI 1.21-4.02) and more than a six-fold higher risk for pregnancy-induced hypertension (RR 6.17, 95% CI 2.90-13.13) and chronic hypertension (RR 6.00, 95% CI 1.40-25.76). Infants of women with overweight or obesity were more likely to be macrosomic (RR 2.37, 95% CI 1.13-4.97). CONCLUSIONS: The global obesity epidemic has reached women in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC) with important adverse consequences for maternal and infant health. Antenatal care in LMIC will need to anticipate this potential expansion of complications, including the development of guidelines for optimal maternity care for pregnant women with overweight and obesity.
Risk factors for the development and rupture of intracranial berry aneurysms.; Risk factors for the development and rupture of intracranial saccular (berry) aneurysms were identified in a case-control study of autopsy subjects. The development of berry aneurysms was positively correlated with increased frequencies of systemic arterial hypertension (p less than 0.001), cerebral artery atherosclerosis (p less than 0.05), and marked asymmetry of the cerebral vessels comprising the circle of Willis (p less than 0.005). In addition, patients with berry aneurysms more frequently had histories of persistent headache (p less than 0.001), pregnancy-induced hypertension (p less than 0.01), long-term use of analgesics (p less than 0.001), especially aspirin (p less than 0.05), and a family history of stroke (p less than 0.05). Factors associated with a decreased risk of berry aneurysms included treatment with insulin to control diabetes mellitus (p less than 0.005), leanness (p less than 0.05), chronic pancreatitis (p less than 0.001), malignant tumors (p less than 0.001), and moderate or severe coronary or renal atherosclerosis (p less than 0.05). Rupture of berry aneurysms was positively correlated with size (p less than 0.05) and the presence of multiple aneurysms (p less than 0.005), but also with long-term analgesic usage (p less than 0.05), excessive ethanol consumption (p less than 0.01), and fatty metamorphosis of the liver (p less than 0.01). The factors that predispose to rupture of berry aneurysms are interrelated in the sense that several of them are known to cause a decrease in the synthesis of prostaglandin E, whereas one of the factors that appears to be protective has the opposite effect. Marked and abrupt lowering of serum prostaglandin levels would cause dilatation of cerebral vasculature and increased cerebral blood flow; in the setting of hypertension, focal defects in cerebral arteries could develop, leading to the formation and subsequent rupture of berry aneurysms.
Impact of Gestational Weight Gain on Perinatal Outcomes in Obese Women.; Objective This study aims to evaluate perinatal outcomes, according to gestational weight gain (GWG) in obese women. Study Design A retrospective cohort of perinatal outcomes in obese women who gained below, within, or above the 2009 Institute of Medicine guidelines and delivered ≥ 36 weeks. Additionally, outcomes, according to the rate of GWG (kg/week; minimal [< 0.16], moderate [0.16-0.49], or excessive [> 0.49]) were compared among women delivering preterm. Results Overall, 5,651 obese women delivered ≥ 36 weeks. GWG above guidelines was associated with increased cesarean section (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.44, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21-1.72), gestational hypertension (aOR: 1.58, 95% CI: 1.21-2.06), and macrosomia (birth weight ≥ 4,000 g) (aOR: 2.08, 95% CI: 1.62-2.67). GWG below recommendations was associated with less large for gestational age infants (aOR: 0.60, 95% CI: 0.47-0.75). A total of 6,663 women delivered ≥ 20 weeks. Minimal weekly GWG was associated with increased spontaneous preterm birth (aOR: 1.56, 95% CI: 1.23-1.98) and more small for gestational age (SGA) infants (aOR: 1.55, 95% CI: 1.19-2.01). Excessive weekly GWG was associated with increased indicated preterm birth (aOR: 1.61, 95% CI: 1.29-2.01), cesarean section (aOR: 1.39, 95% CI: 1.20-1.61), preeclampsia (aOR: 1.83, 95% CI: 1.49-2.26), neonatal intensive care unit admission (aOR: 1.33, 95% CI: 1.08-1.63), and macrosomia (aOR: 2.40, 95% CI: 1.94-2.96). Conclusions Obese women with excessive GWG had worse outcomes than women with GWG within recommendations. Limited GWG was associated with increased spontaneous preterm birth and SGA infants.
A cohort study of maternal cardiometabolic risk factors and primary cesarean delivery in an integrated health system.; BACKGROUND: Maternal cardiometabolic risk factors (i.e., hyperglycemia, pre-existing hypertension and high body mass index) impact fetal growth and risk of having a cesarean delivery. However, the independent and joint contribution of maternal cardiometabolic risk factors to primary cesarean section is unclear. We aimed to elucidate the degree to which maternal cardiometabolic risk factors contribute to primary cesarean deliveries and whether associations vary by infant size at birth in an integrated health system. METHODS: A cohort study of 185,045 singleton livebirths from 2001 to 2010. Poisson regression with robust standard errors provided crude and adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for cesarean delivery risk associated with risk factors. We then estimated the proportion of cesarean sections that could be prevented if the cardiometabolic risk factor in pregnant women were eliminated (the population-attributable risk [PAR]). RESULTS: In a single multivariable model, maternal cardiometabolic risk factors were independently associated with cesarean delivery: RR (95% CI) abnormal glucose screening 1.04 (1.01-1.08); gestational diabetes 1.18 (1.11-1.18) and pre-existing diabetes 1.60 (1.49-1.71); pre-existing hypertension 1.16 (1.10-1.23); overweight 1.27 (1.24-1.30); obese class I 1.46 (1.42-1.51); obese class II 1.73 (1.67-1.80); and obese class III 1.97 (1.88-2.07); adjusting for established risk factors, medical facility and year. The associations between maternal cardiometabolic risk factors and primary cesarean delivery remained among infants with appropriate weights for gestational age. The PARs were 17.4% for overweight/obesity, 7.0% for maternal hyperglycemia, 2.0% for pre-existing hypertension and 20.5% for any cardiometabolic risk factor. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal cardiometabolic risk factors were independently associated with risk of primary cesarean delivery, even among women delivering infants born at an appropriate size for gestational age. Effective strategies to increase the proportion of women entering pregnancy at an optimal weight with normal blood pressure and glucose before pregnancy could potentially eliminate up to 20% of cesarean deliveries.
Health Care Professional's Knowledge of Pregnancy Complications and Women's Cardiovascular Health: An International Study Utilizing Social Media.; Background: Despite guidelines recommending the evaluation of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as a part of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk assessment in women, there is limited awareness of this issue in health care professionals. We sought to evaluate the extent of this gap in knowledge. Methods: An online study using a standardized questionnaire was advertised through newsletters and websites of professional organizations. After a low response rate, the link to the survey was announced on Twitter and via personal email invitations. Differences between groups of respondents were evaluated with z-tests of proportion. Results: Out of 446 complete responses, there were 315 cardiologists and 112 obstetricians and gynecologists (OBGyns). There was an >90% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes with ASCVD, but only <60% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with preterm birth. There were significant differences in ASCVD risk assessment and awareness of the association of APOs with adverse outcomes between cardiologists and OBGyns, and between female and male cardiologists. A greater proportion of female cardiologists thought that the guidelines recommended annual follow-up for high-risk women. Conversely, a greater proportion of male cardiologists were unsure of the frequency of follow-up of such women in the relevant guidelines. A higher proportion of U.K. respondents thought that women with high-risk pregnancies should never be screened for cardiovascular disease postpartum compared with U.S. respondents. Conclusions: In a self-selected group of health care professionals interested in women's cardiovascular health, there remains a large gap in knowledge and awareness of the association of APOs with ASCVD risk, in particular, a lack of awareness of the association of ASCVD risk with preterm delivery. Specific target groups for improving knowledge regarding these sex-specific risk enhancers include male cardiologists and health care professionals practicing in the United Kingdom.
Association between insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and hypertension in pregnancy.; There is an association between insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and essential hypertension, but the relation between insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and hypertension diagnosed during pregnancy is not well understood. Transient hypertension of pregnancy, the new-onset nonproteinuric hypertension of late pregnancy, is associated with a high risk of later essential hypertension and glucose intolerance; thus, these conditions may have a similar pathophysiology. To assess the association between insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, essential hypertension, and subsequent development of proteinuric and nonproteinuric hypertension in pregnancy in women without underlying essential hypertension, we performed a prospective study comparing glucose (fasting, 1 and 2 hours postglucose load), insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), and triglycerides levels on routine screening for gestational diabetes mellitus. Women who developed hypertension in pregnancy (n = 37) had higher glycemic levels (fasting, 1 and 2 hours postglucose load) on a 100-gram oral glucose loading test, although only the fasting values showed a statistical significance (p < 0.05), and a significantly higher frequency of abnormal glucose loading tests, two hours after glucose load (>or=140 mg/dL) (p < 0.05) than women who remained normotensive (n = 180). Glucose intolerance was common in women who developed both subtypes of hypertension, particularly preeclampsia. Women who developed hypertension had greater prepregnancy body mass index (p < 0.0001), higher frequency and intensity of acanthosis nigricans (p < 0.0001), and higher baseline systolic and diastolic blood pressures (p <or= 0.0001 for both), although all subjects were normotensive at baseline by study design; they also presented lower levels of HDL-C (p < 0.05). However, after adjustment for these and other potential confounders, an abnormal glucose loading test remained a significant predictor of development of hypertension (p < 0.05) and, specifically, preeclampsia (p < 0.01). There was a trend toward higher insulin and homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels in women developing any type of hypertension. When comparing women that remained normotensive to term with those with transient hypertension and preeclampsia, the preeclamptic women were born with lower weight (p < 0.05) and shorter length (p < 0.005); at screening they were older (p < 0.005), showed higher frequency and intensity of acanthosis nigricans (p < 0.0001), had higher prepregnancy BMI (p < 0.0005), as well as higher baseline systolic and diastolic blood pressures (p <or= 0.0001 for both). They also showed higher HOMA-IR levels that did not show a statistical significance. When glucose tolerance status was taken in account, an association was found between increasing indexes of hypertension (p < 0.05) and of HOMA-IR (p < 0.05) with the worsening of glucose tolerance. These results suggest that insulin resistance and relative glucose intolerance are associated with an increased risk of new-onset hypertension in pregnancy, particularly preeclampsia, and support the hypothesis that insulin resistance may play a role in the pathogenesis of this disorder.
Urine albumin is a superior predictor of preeclampsia compared to urine plasminogen in type I diabetes patients.; Pregnant women with type I diabetes mellitus (T1DM) are at increased risk of developing preeclampsia (PE). Plasminogen is aberrantly filtrated from plasma into tubular fluid in PE patients and activated to plasmin. Plasmin activates the epithelial sodium channel in the collecting ducts potentially causing impaired sodium excretion, suppression of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, and hypertension in PE. The objective of the study was to test whether urinary total plasmin(ogen)/creatinine ratio and plasma concentration of aldosterone were better predictors of PE in pregnant women with T1DM compared with urine albumin and haemoglobin A(1C). The design was a longitudinal observational study of 88 pregnant T1DM patients at 2 Danish centers. Spot urine- and blood samples were collected at gestational weeks 12, 20, 28, 32, and 36. U-plasmin(ogen)/creatinine ratio increased during pregnancy. In gestational week 36, the ratio was significantly increased in the T1DM patients developing PE (P < .05). P-aldosterone was significantly increased in gestational week 20 in the group developing PE (P < .05). U-albumin/creatinine ratio was significantly increased and predicted PE at all tested gestational ages. U-albumin/creatinine ratio had a stronger association with the development of PE compared to u-total plasmin(ogen)/creatinine ratio and p-aldosterone. The positive association between u-total plasmin(ogen) and development of PE late in pregnancy is compatible with involvement in PE pathophysiology. The significance of albumin in urine emphasizes the importance of preventing renal complications when planning pregnancy in patients with type I diabetes.
The Value of Neutrophil to Lymphocyte Ratio and Platelet to Lymphocyte Ratio for Detecting Early-onset Neonatal Sepsis.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between neonate early-onset sepsis (EOS) and the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and the platelet to lymphocyte ratio (PLR) of term neonates. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective observational study was conducted with term neonates diagnosed with EOS compared with 44 healthy controls. Exclusion criteria were prematurity, postmaturity, small or large for gestational age according to week of pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, chorioamnionitis, congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. RESULTS: A total of 122 term neonates were included in the study. Of these, 78 were diagnosed with EOS and 44 were healthy controls. Tachycardia and apnea with bradycardia were the most common clinical signs of the onset of EOS in neonates in the EOS group. This group had significantly higher neutrophil counts, axillary temperatures, NLRs, PLRs, C-reactive proteins, and procalcitonin levels compared with the control group. There was a positive association between neutrophil counts, NLR, and PLR in the EOS group. An NLR of 6.76 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4%; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.99; P=0.001). A PLR of 94.05 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.93; P=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: NLRs and PLRs were positively correlated with EOS in term neonates, and these ratios can be used as diagnostic adjunct tests for neonate EOS workups.
Case report: Successful pregnancy complicated with non-cirrhotic portal hypertension in a lady who suffered from postpartum hemorrhage previously.; RATIONALE: Non-cirrhotic portal hypertension (NCPH) is characterized by the absence of cirrhotic modification of the liver and the patency of the portal and hepatic veins. When compared to the general population, NCPH is associated with an increased risk of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality during pregnancy. NCPH was present in the majority (74.1%) of pregnant women with portal hypertension. One (25%) out of every 4 pregnancies was complicated by variceal hemorrhage while pregnant. So far, there is still no consensus in the world about the treatment of this rare condition. PATIENT CONCERNS: We have specifically illustrated a rare instance where the patient was diagnosed with NCPH and hypersplenism at the age of 8 and experienced a 3 L massive hemorrhage during labor induction as a result of her first pregnancy loss due to hypertension. DIAGNOSES AND INTERVENTIONS: The diagnosis of threatened preterm labor with cervical dilatation, gestational diabetes mellitus, massive splenomegaly with hypersplenism, portal vein hypertension, and parenchymal damage of kidney with impaired renal function led to the cesarean delivery of the second pregnancy at 29+3 weeks gestation without splenectomy after been evaluated by multispecialty team. OUTCOMES: She and her child were both in generally good condition 3 months after the operation. LESSONS: Preconception counseling, ongoing follow-up, and monitoring are crucial in pregnant women with NCPH. A multidisciplinary team approach, with timely intervention and intensive monitoring, can help achieve optimal maternal-perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated with portal hypertension. Our case provided a successful treatment, but more guidelines for the management of NCPH are needed.
The Incidence of Congenital Heart Defects in Offspring Among Women With Diabetes in Saudi Arabia.; BACKGROUND: The risk of congenital anomalies is increased in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). The most frequent cardiac anomalies in IDMs include ventricular septal defect, transposition of great arteries, and aortic stenosis. OBJECTIVE: Estimating the incidence of infants with congenital heart defects (CHD) whose mothers have diabetes in Saudi Arabia at a tertiary hospital in the National Guard Health Affairs (NGHA) system. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study was a retrospective cohort. The population was all births of type 1 and type 2 diabetic mothers and non-diabetic mothers (also mothers with gestational diabetes) in NGHA by following the exclusion criteria, which were mothers over 40 and below 20 years of age, and other risk factors such as drug-induced congenital disease. The data was from deliveries from January 1st 2018 to January 1st 2019. Data were collected by chart review using the Best-Care system at NGHA hospital. Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA) was used for the statistical analysis. RESULTS: A total of 1838 diabetic mothers and non-exposure, non-diabetic mothers, with the outcome of whether the infant had CHD, were included in this study. Most of the mothers (544, 30.11%) were aged 30-34 years old. About two-thirds of mothers, 1161 (63.24%), weren't diabetic, 500 (27.23%) had gestational diabetes, 132 (7.19%) were type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and 43 (2.34%) were type 1 diabetes (T1DM). Two hundred eighteen (11.82%) offspring had CHD, and the remaining 1625 (88.17%) did not. The most frequent echocardiographic abnormalities in infants of diabetic mothers were patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) (31.75%), patent foramen ovale (PFO) (31.75%), and atrial septal defect (ASD) (23.64%). CONCLUSION: The incidence of CHD among infants of included mothers in this cohort study was 11.82%. The most frequent echocardiographic abnormalities in the infants of diabetics were PDA and PFO. The incidence of CHD was higher among mothers who had T1DM followed by T2DM, and whose ages were between 30-34.
The Incidence of Congenital Heart Defects in Offspring Among Women With Diabetes in Saudi Arabia.; This guideline covers identifying and treating primary hypertension (high blood pressure) in people aged 18 and over, including people with type 2 diabetes. It aims to reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems such as heart attacks and strokes by helping healthcare professionals to diagnose hypertension accurately and treat it effectively. NICE has also produced a guideline on hypertension in pregnancy. WHO IS IT FOR? Healthcare professionals. Commissioners and providers. People who have or may have high blood pressure, their families and carers.
[High-risk factors and clinical pathological analysis in 21 cases of fatal pulmonary embolism].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the clinical and pathological characteristics of fatal pulmonary thromboembolism, especially the contribution of acquired and genetic risk factors of fatal pulmonary thromboembolism, so as to provide some useful information for its clinical prevention and treatment. METHODS: The medical dispute autopsy cases performed at the Department of Pathology, School of Basic Medical Sciences, Peking University from January 1, 2002 to September 30, 2008 were retrospectively reviewed. FV ( factor V ) Leiden mutation and FII ( factor II) G20210A mutation were analyzed by using methods of PCR and restriction fragment length polymorphism (RFLP) in fatal pulmonary embolism cases and random selected control cases of adult autopsy. RESULTS: There were 21 patients who died from fatal pulmonary thromboembolism, accounting for 12.96% (21/162) of adult autopsy cases. In these cases, there was at least one of the known risk factors in each case and more than two risk factors could be found in most cases. The acquired risk factors, such as surgery, trauma and fractures, cancer, pregnancy and puerperium, the elderly, hypertension, diabetes, infections, could be found in these patients. FV Leiden mutation and FII G20210A mutation were not detected in any of the 21 cases of fatal pulmonary thromboembolism cases and six control cases. Of all the 21 cases, quantitative D-dimer measurement was performed only in six patients and D-dime level in these six samples was all significantly increased. According to the records, there was only 1 patient treated by preventive anticoagulants in the 21 patients. CONCLUSION: Fatal pulmonary thromboembolism is an important reason for medical dispute. Fractures and trauma, surgery and other acquired factors are the main reasons for fatal pulmonary embolism in Chinese. Genetic factors (FV Leiden and FII G20210A mutations) are not the reason for Chinese to suffer from fatal pulmonary thromboembolism. Assessment of risk factors (especially traumatic fractures and surgical intervention) of pulmonary thromboembolism may play an important role in taking appropriate preventive procedures, early diagnosis and reasonable treatment to reduce its mortality.
Dyslipidemia management in women of reproductive potential: An expert clinical consensus from the national lipid association.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women and its incidence has been increasing recently, particularly among younger women. Across major professional society guidelines, dyslipidemia management remains a central tenet for atherosclerotic CVD prevention for both women and men. Despite this, women, particularly young women, who are candidates for statin therapy are less likely to be treated and less likely to achieve their recommended therapeutic objectives for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Elevated LDL-C and triglycerides are the two most common dyslipidemias that should be addressed during pregnancy due to the increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and pre-term delivery, as well as pancreatitis in the presence of severe hypertriglyceridemia. In this National Lipid Association Expert Clinical Consensus, we review the roles of nutrition, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy as strategies to address elevated levels of LDL-C and/or triglycerides among women of reproductive age. We include a special focus on points to consider during the shared decision-making discussion regarding pharmacotherapy for dyslipidemia during preconception planning, pregnancy, and lactation.
Perinatal iron deficiency decreases cytochrome c oxidase (CytOx) activity in selected regions of neonatal rat brain.; Intrauterine growth retardation and diabetes mellitus during human gestation result in significant losses of fetal and neonatal brain iron. Brain iron deficiency is associated with impaired cognitive processes including memory and attention. The regional distribution of iron staining and cytochrome c oxidase (CytOx) activity have not been mapped in the iron-sufficient or -deficient neonatal rat. CytOx is the iron-containing terminal enzyme in oxidative phosphorylation; its activity reflects neuronal metabolism. We hypothesized that neonatal brain iron deficiency differentially decreases iron and CytOx activity in brain regions, with more pronounced losses in structures involved in recognition memory. Pregnant Sprague Dawley rats were fed either an iron-deficient or -fortified diet from gestational d 1 until postnatal d 10. Iron staining and CytOx activity of 20 brain structures were mapped histochemically in 25 rats from each group. Brain iron staining was reduced from 75% to 100% and CytOx staining was decreased from 0% to 42% in the iron deficient group (p < 0.001). Areas with significantly reduced CytOx activity (p < 0.001) included all measured subareas of the hippocampus (CA1: 42%, CA3ab: 34%, CA3c: 33%, and dentate gyrus: 32%), the piriform cortex (17%), the medial dorsal thalamic nucleus (28%), and the cingulate cortex (41%). In contrast, the anterior thalamic nucleus, the lateral amygdaloid nucleus, and the medial habenula, areas not involved in higher cognitive functions, did not have significantly reduced CytOx activity (0%, 10%, and 16%, respectively). We conclude that perinatal iron deficiency differentially reduces neuronal metabolic activity, specifically targeting areas of the brain involved in memory processing.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms in diabetes mellitus.; The methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), methionine synthase (MTR), and methionine synthase reductase (MTRR) are three regulatory enzymes in the folic acid (FA) cycle play a critical role in the balance of methionine and homocysteine. MTHFR and MTRR gene polymorphisms affect the biochemical activities of enzymes, impairing the remethylation of homocysteine to methionine. In 1972, severe MTHFR deficiency resulting in homocystinuria was first reported, suggesting MTHFR involvement in the disease. MTHFR C677T polymorphism can independently increase the risk of high homocysteine (HHcy) in plasma. Elevation of homocysteine levels could increase the risk of microvascular damage, thrombosis, heart disease, etc. Vascular complications were regarded as a leading major cause of diabetes mortality, and disability increases individual health and economic burden. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic inflammatory disease, and conventional medications do not provide a complete cure for diabetes. It was essential to identify other risk factors for the intervention and prevention of diabetes. MTHFR gene polymorphism is an emerging risk factor in diabetes. Recent studies have shown that polymorphisms of the MTHFR gene play a significant role in the pathophysiology of diabetes, including inflammation and insulin resistance. This review summarizes the association between MTHER gene polymorphism and diabetes.
Anesthetic management of a patient with Sheehan's syndrome and twin pregnancy while undergoing a cesarean section.; Sheehan's syndrome (SS) is caused by infarction of the pituitary gland usually precipitated by hypotension due to massive uterine hemorrhage during the peripartum period. Once SS develops, it becomes a major comorbidity for the young females and predisposes them to further medical, obstetric, and anesthetic complications. Herein, we report the perioperative anesthetic management of a 28-year-old female, already diagnosed with SS precipitated by urosepsis and septicemic shock in a previous pregnancy, now presenting with twin pregnancy for elective cesarean section. Her magnetic resonance imaging brain revealed pituitary apoplexy and she had hypothyroidism with gestational diabetes mellitus. The overall successful perioperative management of the patient is described along with an emphasis on aggressive management of hypotension due to any cause in the peripartum period to prevent infarction/necrosis of anterior pituitary gland.
Role of metformin in the management of type 2 diabetes: recent advances.; Metformin is one of the oldest antidiabetic medications, commonly used in the management of type 2 diabetes. Its mechanism of action is based on reducing glucose production in the liver, decreasing insulin resistance, and increasing insulin sensitivity. The drug has been studied extensively and has been shown to be effective in lowering blood glucose levels without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia. It has been used for the treatment of obesity, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. According to current guidelines, metformin can be used as the first‑line agent in the management of diabetes; however, in individuals with type 2 diabetes who would benefit from cardio‑renal protection, newer agents, such as sodium‑glucose cotransporter‑2 inhibitors and glucagon‑like peptide‑1 receptor agonists, are favored as the first‑line therapy. The novel classes of antidiabetic medications have demonstrated significant positive effects on glycemia with added benefits in patients with obesity, renal disease, heart failure, and cardiovascular disease. The emergence of these more effective agents has significantly altered the way diabetes is managed, thus prompting re‑evaluation of metformin as the initial therapy for all patients with diabetes.
How are we diagnosing cardiometabolic risk in primary care settings?; AIMS: To assess attitudes, barriers and practices of clinicians in assessing and treating cardiometabolic risk in overweight adults. METHODS: In 2006, primary care physicians and mid-level practitioners in Montana were surveyed (N=430). RESULTS: Most primary care clinicians (95%) recognized the clinical benefit of weight loss, but many cited patient motivation (87%), lack of support services (61%), and lack of time (58%) as barriers. Over 80% identified obesity, hypertension, abnormal lipids, history of gestational diabetes, and family history as indications for diabetes screening. Most clinicians used fasting glucose (89%), random glucose (58%), and A1c (42%) as initial screens for diabetes. To confirm the diagnosis, the majority of respondents used A1c testing (80%) or fasting glucose (64%). Approximately one-quarter used the diagnosis pre-diabetes (26%), but just over half (52%) used alternative diagnoses of glucose intolerance. Sixty-five percent used the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. Of those using metabolic syndrome, mid-level practitioners were more likely than physicians to assess waist circumference (49% vs. 63%). CONCLUSIONS: Despite citing significant barriers, clinicians routinely assessed cardiometabolic risk with diabetes screening, but relatively few reported using the diagnosis pre-diabetes. Metabolic syndrome was used commonly to diagnose overweight adults at risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Medical aspects of contraception.; It is evident that choice of contraceptive has important medical implications, whether a mechanical or a hormonal method is elected. Each technology has unique benefits and risks, constraints, applicability, and inconvenience. Wise advice in a medical context must be based on thorough familiarity with the options available to each woman.
First-trimester prediction of gestational hypertension through the bioelectrical impedance analysis of the body composition.; OBJECTIVE: Obesity is a risk factor for the development of gestational hypertension, with important consequences for both the mother and fetus. This prospective observational study aims to propose an early prediction model of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy among obese women, through the bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) at the first trimester, thus allowing early recognition of obese women that are at risk to develop gestational hypertension, in order to target preventive interventions. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Singleton obese women (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) between the 9th and 12th week of pregnancy were included in the study. The exclusion criteria were chronic diseases, like type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and other medical pre-existing conditions. Eligible women were followed up at 20, 28, and 36 weeks of gestation by measuring blood pressure, weight, and body composition with the use of the BIA. The diagnosis of gestational hypertension was made after the 20th week of gestation. Pregnancy and perinatal outcomes were then recorded. RESULTS: Of the 479 women included in the study, 85 (17.7%) developed gestational hypertension; the remaining 394 (82.3%) resulted to be normotensive. A higher rate of nulliparous women was found in the hypertensive group (50.6% vs. 37.6%, p = 0.02), together with a higher rate of induction of labor (55.3% vs. 40.9%, p = 0.02) and of small for gestational age (SGA) newborns (12.9% vs. 6.9%, p = 0.03). Significant differences emerged in the body composition between the two groups already from the first trimester, indeed women developing gestational hypertension showed elevated values of Total body Mass, FM, FFM, TBW (p < 0.02), and of leg's FM, FFM (p < 0.006). At the multivariate logistics regression, the risk of developing gestational hypertension resulted higher in women with elevated total body water levels in the first trimester (OR 1.10 95% CI 1.04 -1.92). CONCLUSIONS: The BIA is a rapid, easy, non-invasive, and inexpensive tool to evaluate the body composition of obese pregnant women. It represents a promising predictor of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, which allows an early identification of the patients at risk of developing gestational hypertension, thus opening a window of opportunity for strictly monitoring and target preventive intervention.
Effect of caesarean section on brain maturation.; The rates of caesarean section (CS) are increasing worldwide. The short-term effects of CS in the newborn have been described and long-term reported risks of alterations of pathophysiology include altered microflora, increased risk of childhood asthma and childhood-onset type I diabetes mellitus. There has been emphasis on the respiratory morbidity related to the timing of elective CS. More recently, a population study demonstrated dose-dependent effect of each week of gestation on the need for special education. This highlights the importance of intrauterine brain development towards the end of pregnancy and hitherto largely unexplored possible effects on neurodevelopment if it is interrupted. CONCLUSION: The timing of CS is important not only because delivery before 39 weeks can increase respiratory morbidity, but also owing to the fact that ongoing intrauterine brain maturation could be significant for future neurodevelopment.
Maternal Exposure to Housing Renovation During Pregnancy and Risk of Offspring with Congenital Malformation: The Japan Environment and Children's Study.; There have been no large, nationwide, birth cohort studies in Japan examining the effects of house renovation during pregnancy on congenital abnormality. This study examined the impact of (1) prenatal exposure to house renovation and (2) maternal occupational exposure to organic solvents and/or formaldehyde on the incidence of congenital abnormality. The fixed data of 67,503 singleton births from a large national birth cohort study that commenced in 2011 were used to evaluate the presence of congenital abnormalities and potential confounding factors. We employed multiple logistic regression analysis to search for correlations between maternal exposure to house renovation or organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy and such congenital abnormalities as congenital heart disease, cleft lip and/or palate, male genital abnormality, limb defect, and gastrointestinal obstruction. After controlling for potential confounding factors, we observed that house renovation was significantly associated with male genital abnormality (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.03-3.17, P = 0.04) when stratified by congenital abnormality, with no other remarkable relations to house renovation or occupational use of organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy. There were also significant correlations for maternal BMI before pregnancy, history of ovulation induction through medication, maternal diabetes mellitus/gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy with an increased risk of congenital abnormality. In conclusion, this large nationwide survey provides important information on a possible association of house renovation during pregnancy with congenital male genital abnormality which needs confirmation in future studies.
The impact of anti-hypertensive treatment on foetal growth and haemodynamics in pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes - An explorative study.; OBJECTIVES: To explore the impact of anti-hypertensive treatment of pregnancy-induced hypertension on foetal growth and hemodynamics in women with pre-existing diabetes. METHODS: A prospective cohort study of 247 consecutive pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes (152 type 1 diabetes; 95 type 2 diabetes), where tight anti-hypertensive treatment was initiated and intensified (mainly with methyldopa) when office blood pressure (BP) ≥135/85 mmHg and home BP ≥130/80 mmHg. Foetal growth was assessed by ultrasound at 27, 33 and 36 weeks and foetal hemodynamics were assessed by ultrasound Doppler before and 1-2 weeks after initiation of anti-hypertensive treatment. RESULTS: In 215 initially normotensive women, anti-hypertensive treatment for pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders was initiated in 42 (20%), whilst 173 were left untreated. Chronic hypertension was present in 32 (13%). Anti-hypertensive treatment for pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders was not associated with foetal growth deviation (linear mixed model, p = 0.681). At 27 weeks, mainly before initiation of anti-hypertensive treatment, the prevalence of small foetuses with an estimated foetal weight <10th percentile was 12% in women initiating anti-hypertensive treatment compared with 4% in untreated women (p = 0.054). These numbers were close to the prevalence of birth weight ≤10th percentile (small for gestational age (SGA)) (17% vs. 4%, p = 0.003). Pulsatility index in the umbilical and middle cerebral artery remained stable after the onset of anti-hypertensive treatment in a representative subgroup (n = 12, p = 0.941 and p = 0.799, respectively). CONCLUSION: There is no clear indication that antihypertensive treatment causes harm in this particular at-high-risk group of pregnant women with diabetes, such that a larger well-designed study to determine the value of tight antihypertensive control would be worthwhile.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes of preterm infants conceived by assisted reproductive technology.; BACKGROUND: There have been concerns about the development of children conceived through assisted reproductive technology. Despite multiple studies investigating the outcomes of assisted conception, data focusing specifically on the neurodevelopmental outcomes of infants conceived through assisted reproductive technology and born preterm are limited. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate and compare the neurodevelopmental outcomes of preterm infants born at <29 weeks' gestation at 18 to 24 months' corrected age who were conceived through assisted reproductive technology and those who were conceived naturally. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study included inborn, nonanomalous infants, born at <29 weeks' gestation between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2016, who had a neurodevelopmental assessment at 18 to 24 months' corrected age at any of the 10 Canadian Neonatal Follow-Up Network clinics. The primary outcome was neurodevelopmental impairment at 18 to 24 months, defined as the presence of any of the following: cerebral palsy; Bayley-III cognitive, motor, or language composite score of <85; sensorineural or mixed hearing loss; and unilateral or bilateral visual impairment. Secondary outcomes included mortality, composite of mortality or neurodevelopmental impairment, significant neurodevelopmental impairment, and each component of the primary outcome. We compared outcomes between infants conceived through assisted reproductive technology and those conceived naturally, using bivariate and multivariable analyses after adjustment. RESULTS: Of the 4863 eligible neonates, 651 (13.4%) were conceived using assisted reproductive technology. Maternal age; education level; and rates of diabetes mellitus, receipt of antenatal corticosteroids, and cesarean delivery were higher in the assisted reproduction group than the natural conception group. Neonatal morbidity and death rates were similar except for intraventricular hemorrhage, which was lower in the assisted reproduction group (33% [181 of 546] vs 39% [1284 of 3318]; P=.01). Of the 4176 surviving infants, 3386 (81%) had a follow-up outcome at 18 to 24 months' corrected age. Multivariable logistic regression adjusting for gestational age, antenatal steroids, sex, small for gestational age, multiple gestations, mode of delivery, maternal age, maternal education, pregnancy-induced hypertension, maternal diabetes mellitus, and smoking showed that infants conceived through assisted reproduction was associated with lower odds of neurodevelopmental impairment (adjusted odds ratio, 0.67; 95% confidence interval, 0.52-0.86) and the composite of death or neurodevelopmental impairment (adjusted odds ratio, 0.67; 95% confidence interval, 0.54-0.84). Conception through assisted reproductive technology was associated with decreased odds of a Bayley-III composite cognitive score of <85 (adjusted odds ratio, 0.68; 95% confidence interval, 0.48-0.99) and composite language score of <85 (adjusted odds ratio, 0.67; 95% confidence interval, 0.50-0.88). CONCLUSION: Compared with natural conception, assisted conception was associated with lower odds of adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes, especially cognitive and language outcomes, at 18 to 24 months' corrected age among preterm infants born at <29 weeks' gestation. Long-term follow-up studies are required to assess the risks of learning disabilities and development of complex visual-spatial and processing skills in these children as they reach school age.
[Acute myocardial infarction during the second trimester of pregnancy].; Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is a very rare event. It occurs from 1 per 10,000 to 1 per 30,000 deliveries. Diagnosis of myocardial ischaemia is difficult because of typical complaints in pregnancy such as breathlessness and pain in chest. Its first recognisable symptom is very often loss of consciousness and cardiac death. We present the case of a 36-year-old woman with cardiac arrest in the second trimester of pregnancy. The defibrillation was applied four times with power ranging from 150 J to 200 J. Acute myocardial infarction was diagnosed on the basis of biochemical and electrocardiological examinations. Pharmacological treatment consisted of adrenalin, lidocaine, dopamine, heparin, insulin and cordarone. Uncomplicated pregnancy and delivery by caesarean section is described. A review of literature follows. CONCLUSION: Although myocardial infarction is a rare complication of pregnancy, it always should be taken in consideration, especially in case of multipara older than 32, suffered from hypercholesterolemia or diabetes, treated with beta-mimetics or ergot alkaloid.
Pregnancy-associated stroke and the recurrence of stroke and other complications in subsequent pregnancies: Population-based retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies from women with a previous pregnancy-associated stroke (PAS) in comparison to matched controls. DESIGN: Population-based retrospective cohort study. SETTING AND POPULATION: All women with a PAS in Finland 1987-2016 (n = 235) and controls (n = 694). METHODS: We identified all subsequent deliveries and induced and spontaneous abortions for women with a previous PAS and their matched controls from the Medical Birth Register and the Hospital Discharge Register until 2016. The number, course and outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies were compared. Patient records were studied for PAS recurrence. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: PAS recurrence and pregnancy complications. RESULTS: Women with a previous PAS had fewer subsequent deliveries: 73 (31.1%) women had 122 deliveries in all, whereas 303 (47.3%) of the controls had 442 deliveries (age-adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.54, 95% CI 0.38-0.76). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (17.2% versus 5.7%, age-adjusted OR 4.0, 95% CI 1.7-9.3), especially chronic hypertension (age-adjusted OR 5.9, 95% CI 1.5-24.7), and any diabetes during pregnancy (24.6% versus 14.5%, age-adjusted OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1-3.8) were more common in cases. Regarding HDP, the difference between groups was explained by underlying factors such as index pregnancy HDP (multivariable OR 2.4, 95% CI 0.8-6.7). PAS recurred in four cases (5.5%). CONCLUSIONS: Subsequent pregnancies of women with a history of PAS are more often complicated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and any diabetes during pregnancy. PAS recurrence risk is considerable.
Integrated Multi-Omics Analysis Reveals the Effect of Maternal Gestational Diabetes on Fetal Mouse Hippocampi.; Growing evidence suggests that adverse intrauterine environments could affect the long-term health of offspring. Recent evidence indicates that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with neurocognitive changes in offspring. However, the mechanism remains unclear. Using a GDM mouse model, we collected hippocampi, the structure critical to cognitive processes, for electron microscopy, methylome and transcriptome analyses. Reduced representation bisulfite sequencing (RRBS) and RNA-seq in the GDM fetal hippocampi showed altered methylated modification and differentially expressed genes enriched in common pathways involved in neural synapse organization and signal transmission. We further collected fetal mice brains for metabolome analysis and found that in GDM fetal brains, the metabolites displayed significant changes, in addition to directly inducing cognitive dysfunction, some of which are important to methylation status such as betaine, fumaric acid, L-methionine, succinic acid, 5-methyltetrahydrofolic acid, and S-adenosylmethionine (SAM). These results suggest that GDM affects metabolites in fetal mice brains and further affects hippocampal DNA methylation and gene regulation involved in cognition, which is a potential mechanism for the adverse neurocognitive effects of GDM in offspring.
Gestational Weight Gain and Health Outcomes 18 Years Later in Urban Black Women.; OBJECTIVES: Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) is associated with higher body mass index (BMI) later in life. Increased BMI is associated with health problems, but there is limited evidence linking GWG directly to later health in black women. We examined the association between GWG and health conditions 18 years after a first birth. METHODS: This study was a secondary data analysis of 467 urban black women, enrolled during pregnancy (1990-1991). GWG was the difference between self-reported pre-pregnancy weight and measured weight at delivery. Hypertension, diabetes, obesity, and self-reported health were assessed with self-report and measurements of blood pressure, height, and weight, approximately 18 years after first childbirth. RESULTS: Higher pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with increased probability of each health condition. Higher GWG was associated with hypertension for women with a pre-pregnancy BMI under 21.3 kg/m(2) (P < .05) and obesity for women with a pre-pregnancy BMI under 25.9 kg/m(2) (P < .05). Diabetes and poor health were not associated with GWG. CONCLUSIONS: GWG may impact a mother's hypertension and obesity status 18 years after childbirth for underweight and normal weight women.
The metabolic response of human trophoblasts derived from term placentas to metformin.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Metformin is increasingly used therapeutically during pregnancy worldwide, particularly in the treatment of gestational diabetes, which affects a substantial proportion of pregnant women globally. However, the impact on placental metabolism remains unclear. In view of the association between metformin use in pregnancy and decreased birthweight, it is essential to understand how metformin modulates the bioenergetic and anabolic functions of the placenta. METHODS: A cohort of 55 placentas delivered by elective Caesarean section at term was collected from consenting participants. Trophoblasts were isolated from the placental samples and treated in vitro with clinically relevant doses of metformin (0.01 mmol/l or 0.1 mmol/l) or vehicle. Respiratory function was assayed using high-resolution respirometry to measure oxygen concentration and calculated [Formula: see text]. Glycolytic rate and glycolytic stress assays were performed using Agilent Seahorse XF assays. Fatty acid uptake and oxidation measurements were conducted using radioisotope-labelled assays. Lipidomic analysis was conducted using LC-MS. Gene expression and protein analysis were performed using RT-PCR and western blotting, respectively. RESULTS: Complex I-supported oxidative phosphorylation was lower in metformin-treated trophoblasts (0.01 mmol/l metformin, 61.7% of control, p<0.05; 0.1 mmol/l metformin, 43.1% of control, p<0.001). The proton efflux rate arising from glycolysis under physiological conditions was increased following metformin treatment, up to 23±5% above control conditions following treatment with 0.1 mmol/l metformin (p<0.01). There was a significant increase in triglyceride concentrations in trophoblasts treated with 0.1 mmol/l metformin (p<0.05), particularly those of esters of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Fatty acid oxidation was reduced by ~50% in trophoblasts treated with 0.1 mmol/l metformin compared with controls (p<0.001), with no difference in uptake between treatment groups. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: In primary trophoblasts derived from term placentas metformin treatment caused a reduction in oxidative phosphorylation through partial inactivation of complex I and potentially by other mechanisms. Metformin-treated trophoblasts accumulate lipids, particularly long- and very-long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Our findings raise clinically important questions about the balance of risk of metformin use during pregnancy, particularly in situations where the benefits are not clear-cut and alternative therapies are available.
UCLA Conference. Pancreas transplantation for diabetes mellitus.; Despite the best efforts of physicians and diabetic patients in the use of insulin for control of juvenile-onset (insulin-deficient) diabetes, vascular complications occur in most patients. The many advantages of the whole fetal pancreas as a donor organ make transplantation of the pancreas a promising improvement in therapy. A rat model has been developed for future application to human beings. After transplantation of one fetal rat pancreas into a diabetic recipient, maturation and growth of the transplant is adequate for complete reversal of the diabetic state of the recipient. Because of the atrophy of exocrine elements after transplantation of the fetal organ, many of the technical problems inherent in adult pancreas transplants are avoided. The small size of the fetal pancreas permits cryopreservation and permanent storage without apparent loss of function. Cryopreservation provides time for typing, matching, and preparation of the recipient to receive the donor organ and thus may alleviate rejection problems.
Central visfatin potentiates glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and β-cell mass without increasing serum visfatin levels in diabetic rats.; INTRODUCTION: Our previous study revealed that plasma visfatin levels were lower in pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM) than non-GDM independent of prepreganacy BMI. We examined whether central visfatin modulates energy and glucose homeostasis via altering insulin resistance, insulin secretion or islet morphometry in diabetic rats. METHODS: Partial pancreatectomized, type 2 diabetic, rats were interacerbroventricularly infused with visfatin (100ng/rat/day, Px-VIS), visfatin+visfatin antagonist, CHS-828 (100μg/rat/day, Px-VIS-ANT), or saline (control, Px-Saline) via osmotic pump, respectively, for 4weeks. RESULTS: Central visfatin improved insulin signaling (pAkt→pFOXO-1) but not pSTAT3 in the hypothalamus. Central visfatin did not alter serum visfatin levels in diabetic rats whereas the levels were higher in non-diabetic rats than diabetic rats. Body weight at the 2nd week was lowered in the Px-VIS group due to decreased food intake in the first two weeks compared to the Px-Saline group and energy expenditure was not significantly different among the treatment groups of diabetic rats. Visfatin antagonist treatment nullified the central visfatin effect. Px-VIS increased whole body glucose disposal rates in euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp compared to Px-Saline and lowered hepatic glucose output, whereas Px-VIS-ANT blocked the visfatin effect on insulin resistance (P<0.05). In hyperglycemic clamp study, the area under the curve of insulin in first and second phase were significantly higher in the Px-VIS group than the Px-Saline group without modifying insulin sensitivity at the hyperglycemic state, whereas the increase in serum insulin levels was blocked in the Px-VIS-ANT group. Central visfatin also increased β-cell mass by increasing β-cell proliferation. CONCLUSIONS: Central visfatin improved glucose homeostasis by increasing insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity at euglycemia through the hypothalamus in diabetic rats. Therefore, visfatin is a positive modulator of glucose homeostasis by delivering the hypothalamic signals into the peripheries.
Perinatal microbial exposure may influence aortic intima-media thickness in early infancy.; BACKGROUND: The maternal and infant microbiome may influence infant cardiovascular risk through immune programming. The maternal vagino-enteric microbiome is often sampled for group B streptococcus (GBS) colonization during pregnancy. Our aim was to investigate the association between maternal GBS colonization, intrapartum antibiotics, antenatal pet exposure and infant aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), an intermediate vascular phenotype, and whether this association varied by mode of delivery. METHODS: The Barwon Infant Study is a population-derived pre-birth cohort. Perinatal data were collected on participants. Women were tested for vagino-enteric group B streptococcus (GBS) colonization during third trimester. Six-week infant aIMT was measured by trans-abdominal ultrasound. Adjustment for confounders included maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), smoking, socioeconomic status, gestational diabetes, length of gestation, infant sex, birthweight and aortic internal diameter. RESULTS: Data were available on 835 mother-infant pairs. Of these, 574 (69%) women delivered vaginally; of those, 129 (22%) were GBS-colonized; and of these women, 111 (86%) received prophylactic intrapartum antibiotics. An association between maternal GBS colonization and infant aIMT was observed among those delivered vaginally (β = 19.5 µm, 95% CI 9.5, 29.4; P  < 0.0001) but not by Caesarean section ( P for interaction = 0.02). A similar pattern was seen for intrapartum antibiotics. There was a negative association between antenatal pet exposure and aIMT observed in those delivered vaginally. CONCLUSION: Maternal GBS colonization and intrapartum antibiotics were associated with increased infant aIMT in those delivered vaginally, whereas antenatal pet exposure was associated with decreased aIMT. These data suggest that differences in early life microbial experience may contribute to an increased cardiovascular risk.
Undiagnosed Diabetes Mellitus and Related Factors in East Gojjam (NW Ethiopia) in 2016: A Community-Based Study.; INTRODUCTION: Currently, diabetes is the second most common non-communicable disease (NCD) in Ethiopia. Its burden is 4.8% in this country, even though three quarter of its population live with undiagnosed diabetes mellitus (DM), which causes complications like heart failure, blood vessels, eyes, kidneys and nerves damages. Early detection of DM is vital for a timely intervention to prevent these life threatening complications. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of undiagnosed DM and related factors in East Gojjam, North West Ethiopia, in 2016. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 757 individuals in East Gojjam from June to September 2016. The sampled population was selected using multi-stage cluster sampling method. Basic data were collected in Amharic (local language) and a pretested interviewer administered the questionnaire. Peripheral blood samples were collected by puncturing the ring finger in order to measure fasting blood glucose. Univarite and multivariate logistic regressions analysis were performed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software version 20.0. RESULTS: The percentage of undiagnosed DM in the study area was 11.5% (95%CI=9.2, 13.7). The prevalence was 11.3% among male vs. 11.8% among female; 13.4% in urban areas vs. 10.3% in rural areas. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was mainly associated with older age (AOR=5.99, 95%CI=1.54, 23.24), family history of diabetes (AOR=9.86, 95%CI=4.25, 22.89), history of gestational diabetes (AOR=3.01, 95%CI=1.17, 8.39) and sedentary behaviour >4 hours per day (AOR=2.13, 95%CI=1.04, 4.34). Being non-smoker (AOR=0.05, 95%CI=0.01, 0.17) and unmarried (AOR=0.09, 95%CI=0.02, 0.42) were also predictive characteristics for undiagnosed DM in the study area. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, this study revealed a relatively high prevalence of undiagnosed DM in the study area. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was significantly higher when associated with the age of the participants, their marital status, history of hypertension, diabetes family history, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, current smoking practices and sedentary behaviour. Thus, efforts have to be made, particularly by the individuals involved in health practice, to early detect the disease and thereby initiate a suitable therapeutic service, before complications arise.
Sex-Specific Characteristics of the Microcirculation.; The requirements of metabolizing tissue are both continuous and variable; accordingly, the microvasculature serving that tissue must be similarly dynamic. Just as it is recognized that males and females of the same species have differing metabolic requirements, is it not likely that the microvasculature serving these tissues will differ by sex? This section focusing on the constituents of the microcirculation identifies what is known presently about the role sex plays in matching metabolic demand with microvascular function and areas requiring additional study. Many of the identified sex differences are subtle and easily ignored. In the aggregate, though, they can profoundly alter phenotype, especially under stressful conditions including pregnancy, exercise, and disease states ranging from diabetes to heart failure. Although the features presently identified to "have sex" range from differences in growth, morphology, protein expression, and intracellular signaling, males and females alike achieve homeostasis, likely by different means. Studies of microvascular sexual dimorphism are also identifying age as an independent but interacting factor requiring additional attention. Overall, attempting to ignore either sex and/or age is inappropriate and will prevent the design and implementation of appropriate interventions to present, ameliorate, or correct microvascular dysfunction.
Influence of maternal obesity on the long-term health of offspring.; In addition to immediate implications for pregnancy complications, increasing evidence implicates maternal obesity as a major determinant of offspring health during childhood and later adult life. Observational studies provide evidence for effects of maternal obesity on her offspring's risks of obesity, coronary heart disease, stroke, type 2 diabetes, and asthma. Maternal obesity could also lead to poorer cognitive performance and increased risk of neurodevelopmental disorders, including cerebral palsy. Preliminary evidence suggests potential implications for immune and infectious-disease-related outcomes. Insights from experimental studies support causal effects of maternal obesity on offspring outcomes, which are mediated at least partly through changes in epigenetic processes, such as alterations in DNA methylation, and perhaps through alterations in the gut microbiome. Although the offspring of obese women who lose weight before pregnancy have a reduced risk of obesity, few controlled intervention studies have been done in which maternal obesity is reversed and the consequences for offspring have been examined. Because the long-term effects of maternal obesity could have profound public health implications, there is an urgent need for studies on causality, underlying mechanisms, and effective interventions to reverse the epidemic of obesity in women of childbearing age and to mitigate consequences for offspring.
Assessing knowledge of healthcare providers concerning cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: an Australian national survey.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) affect 5-10% of pregnant women. Women after HDP have 2-3 times increased risk of heart attack, stroke and diabetes, as soon as 5-10 years after pregnancy. Australian healthcare providers' knowledge of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risks for women after HDP is unknown, and this study aimed to explore their current knowledge and practice regarding long-term cardiovascular health after HDP, as a precursor to producing targeted healthcare provider education on health after HDP. METHODS: A custom-created, face-validated online survey explored knowledge about long-term risks after HDP. Distribution occurred from February to July 2019 via professional colleges, key organisations and social media. The objective was to assess current knowledge and knowledge gaps amongst a group of healthcare providers (HCP) in Australia, regarding long-term cardiovascular health after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), specifically gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. RESULTS: Of 492 respondents, 203 were midwives, 188 obstetricians, 75 general practitioners (GP), and 26 cardiologists. A risk knowledge score was computed with 0-6 considered low, 6.1-8.9 moderate and 9-12 high. Most participants (85%) were aware of increased cardiovascular disease after preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (range 76% midwives to 100% cardiologists). There were significant differences in average knowledge scores regarding health after preeclampsia; high for cardiologists (9.3), moderate for GPs and obstetricians (8.2 and 7.6 respectively) and low for midwives (5.9). Average knowledge scores were somewhat lower for gestational hypertension (9.0 for cardiologists, 7.4 for obstetricians and GPs, 5.1 for midwives). Knowledge was highest regarding risk of chronic hypertension, moderate to high regarding risk of ischaemic heart disease, stroke and recurring HDP, and low for diabetes and peripheral vascular disease. Only 34% were aware that risks start < 10 years after the affected pregnancy. CONCLUSION(S): Participants were aware there is increased cardiovascular risk after HDP, although less aware of risks after gestational hypertension and some specific risks including diabetes. Findings will inform the development of targeted education.
Neonatal amygdala microstructure mediates the relationship between gestational glycemia and offspring adiposity.; INTRODUCTION: To determine if variations in the neonatal amygdala mediate the association between maternal antenatal glycemia and offspring adiposity in early childhood. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: 123 non-obese pregnant women with no pregnancy complications aside from gestational diabetes underwent a 75 g 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks' gestation. Volume and fractional anisotropy (FA) of the neonatal amygdala (5-17 days old) were measured by MRI. The Body Mass Index (BMI) z-scores and sum of skinfold thickness (subscapular and triceps) of these children were tracked up to 60 months of age (18, 24, 36, 48, 54 and 60 months). RESULTS: Maternal fasting glucose levels were positively associated with the offspring's sum of skinfold thickness at age 48 months (β=3.12, 95% CI 0.18 to 6.06 mm) and 60 months (β=4.14, 95% CI 0.46 to 7.82 mm) and BMI z-scores at 48 months (β=0.94, 95% CI 0.03 to 1.85), 54 months (β=0.74, 95% CI 0.12 to 1.36) and 60 months (β=0.74, 95% CI 0.08 to 1.39). Maternal fasting glucose was negatively associated with the offspring's FA of the right amygdala (β=-0.019, 95% CI -0.036 to -0.003). Right amygdala FA was negatively associated with the sum of skinfold thickness in the offspring at age 48 months (β=-56.95, 95% CI -98.43 to -15.47 mm), 54 months (β=-46.18, 95% CI -88.57 to -3.78 mm), and 60 months (β=-53.69, 95% CI -105.74 to -1.64 mm). The effect sizes mediated by right amygdala FA between fasting glucose and sum of skinfolds were estimated at β=5.14 (95% CI 0.74 to 9.53) mm (p=0.022), β=4.40 (95% CI 0.08 to 8.72) (p=0.049) mm and β=4.56 (95% CI -0.17 to 9.29) mm (p=0.059) at 48, 54 and 60 months, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: In the offspring of non-obese mothers, gestational fasting glucose concentration is negatively associated with neonatal right amygdala FA and positively associated with childhood adiposity. Neonatal right amygdala FA may be a potential mediator between maternal glycemia and childhood adiposity.
Utility of arterial stiffness assessment in children.; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of death and disability worldwide, and the atherosclerotic process begins in childhood. Prevention or containment of risk factors that accelerate atherosclerosis can delay the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Although current recommendations are to periodically screen for commonly prevailing risk factors for atherosclerosis in children, a single test that could quantify the cumulative effect of all risk factors on the vasculature, thus assessing arterial health, would be helpful in further stratifying risk. Measurement of pulse wave velocity and assessment of augmentation index - measures of arterial stiffness - are easy-to-use, non-invasive methods of examining arterial health. Various studies have assessed pulse wave velocity and augmentation index in children with commonly occurring conditions including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, physical inactivity, chronic kidney disease, CHD and acquired heart diseases, and in children who were born premature or small for gestational age. This article summarises pulse wave velocity and augmentation index assessments and the effects of commonly prevailing chronic conditions on arterial health in children. In addition, currently available reference values for pulse wave velocity and augmentation index in healthy children are included. Further research to establish widely applicable normative values and the effect of lifestyle and pharmacological interventions on arterial health in children is needed.
Does abnormal ductus venosus pulsatility index at the first-trimester effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes?; AIM: The ductus venosus pulsatility index for veins (DV PIV) has become a popular marker of the first-trimester scan. The aim of this study is to search for any difference between groups with normal and abnormal DV PIV values in terms of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated 556 women whose first-trimester scan was performed. The ductus venosus pulsatility indices were examined at singleton pregnancies between 11 and 14 weeks of gestation. Patients were categorized as Group-I with normal DV PIV (DV PIV ≥ 0.73, ≤1.22) and as Group-II with abnormal DV PIV. Group-II was subgrouped as Group-IIA which composed of patients with DV PIV < 0.73 and as Group-IIB with DV PIV > 1.22. RESULTS: There were 451 subjects in Group-I and 105 subjects in Group-II (Group-IIA = 32 and Group-IIB = 73). The comparisons between major groups revealed a statistically significant increase about miscarriage (p = 0.002), stillbirth (p < 0.001), small for gestational age (p = 0.033), low birth weight (p < 0.001), fetal growth restriction (p = 0.048), and major congenital heart defect (p=<0.001) in Group-II. This difference is mainly due to Group-IIB. There is no difference in preterm delivery, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes between Group I and II. CONCLUSION: Routinely monitoring DIV PIV as a first-trimester screening should provide valuable information regarding adverse pregnancy outcomes such as miscarriage, stillbirth, small for gestational age, low birth weight, fetal growth restriction and major congenital heart defect.
Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy.; The spectrum of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) ranges from mild snoring to obstructive sleep apnea, the most severe form of SDB. Current recommendations are to treat these women with continuous positive airway pressure despite limited data. SDB in early and mid-pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Pregnant women with a diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea at delivery were at significantly increased risk of having cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, pulmonary embolism, and in-hospital death. These effects were exacerbated in the presence of obesity. Postpartum, these women are at risk for respiratory suppression and should be monitored.
Thirty years of fruitful collaborations between a physician and mass spectrometrists in diabetes field.; The nonenzymatic protein glycation and the subsequent formation of advanced glycation end products is a process involved in the long-term complications of diabetes. In this context the collaboration, in the last 30 years, between my research group, operating in the DPT of Medicine of Padua University, and the mass spectrometric group, operating in CNR of Padua, are described and discussed. The development of new mass spectrometric techniques has allowed investigation more indepth, starting from the applications on small molecules responsible for the browning observed in the interactions between sugars and proteins, and growing up to intact proteins as albumin, immunoglobulin, hemoglobin, and so forth, with the determination of their glycation levels as well as their glycation sites. This study has helped to clarify the role of advanced glycation end products in the pathogenesis of the chronic complications of diabetes. In particular the results obtained in diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease and in placenta samples of patients affected by gestational diabetes are described in this review.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in cases involving extremely young maternal age.; OBJECTIVE: To assess pregnancy outcomes among adolescent girls 16 years old or younger and their newborns. METHODS: A cohort study was carried out at Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand, using completed charts for 1061 girls aged 16 years or younger (study group) and 1100 women aged 20 to 29 years (reference group) delivered at that hospital between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2010. Demographic data, maternal laboratory investigations, maternal complications, placental complications, medications administered in hospital, and neonatal outcomes were recorded. RESULTS: Anemia (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; confidence interval [CI], 1.52-2.26); heart disease (OR, 0.38; CI 0.15-0.90), thyroid disorder (OR, 0.054; CI, 0.01-0.40), pulmonary disease (OR, 0.89; CI, 0.41-1.93); medical and obstetrics complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.04; CI, 0.01-0.29), placenta previa (OR 1.04, CI 0.06-16.60), preterm labor (OR, 1.98; CI, 1.55-2.53), as well as mean neonatal weight (2830.77 ± 81.31 g and 3038.53 ± 482.23 g; P=0.001) were different in the 2 groups and the differences were statistically significant. CONCLUSION: Adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes were common in the study group. Extensive education about contraception and safe sex on the one hand, and an effective care plan if pregnancy occurs, should be provided to teenage girls to reduce these poor outcomes.
A Mobile Clinical Decision Support System for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India (SMARThealth Pregnancy): Pilot Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Early identification is crucial to reducing deaths. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carry independent risks for future CVD, and antenatal care is a window to screen and counsel high-risk women. In rural India, community health workers (CHWs) deliver antenatal and postnatal care. We developed a complex intervention (SMARThealth Pregnancy) involving mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and evaluated it in a pilot cluster randomized controlled trial (cRCT). OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study is to co-design a theory-informed intervention for CHWs to screen, refer, and counsel pregnant women at high risk of future CVD in rural India and evaluate its feasibility and acceptability. METHODS: In phase 1, we used qualitative methods to explore community priorities for high-risk pregnant women in rural areas of 2 diverse states in India. In phase 2, informed by behavior change theory and human-centered design, we used these qualitative data to develop the intervention components and implementation strategies for SMARThealth Pregnancy in an iterative process with end users. In phase 3, using mixed methods, we evaluated the intervention in a cRCT with an embedded qualitative substudy across 4 primary health centres: 2 in Jhajjar district, Haryana, and 2 in Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh. RESULTS: SMARThealth Pregnancy embedded a total of 15 behavior change techniques and included (1) community awareness programs; (2) targeted training, including point-of-care blood pressure and hemoglobin measurement; and (3) mobile clinical decision support for CHWs to screen women in their homes. The intervention focused on 3 priority conditions: anemia, HDP, and GDM. The evaluation involved a total of 200 pregnant women, equally randomized to intervention or enhanced standard care (control). Recruitment was completed within 5 months, with minimal loss to follow-up (4/200, 2%) at 6 weeks postpartum. A total of 4 primary care doctors and 54 CHWs in the intervention clusters took part in the study. Fidelity to intervention practices was 100% prepandemic. Over half the study population was affected by moderate to severe anemia at baseline. The prevalence of HDP (2.5%) and GDM (2%) was low in our study population. Results suggest a possible improvement in mean hemoglobin (anemia) in the intervention group, although an adequately powered trial is needed. The model of home-based care was feasible and acceptable for pregnant or postpartum women and CHWs, who perceived improvements in quality of care, self-efficacy, and professional recognition. CONCLUSIONS: SMARThealth Pregnancy is an innovative model of home-based care for high-risk pregnant women during the transitions between antenatal and postnatal care and adult health services. The use of theory and co-design during intervention development facilitated acceptability of the intervention and implementation strategies. Our experience has informed the decision to initiate a larger-scale cRCT. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03968952; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03968952. INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): RR2-10.3389/fgwh.2021.620759.
Pregnancy After Bariatric Surgery: a Comparative Study of Post-Bariatric Pregnant Women Versus Non-Bariatric Obese Pregnant Women.; PURPOSE: To evaluate the impact of bariatric surgery on the gestational outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective study of pregnant women hospitalized for delivery in the maternity in Curitiba, Brazil, who had a body mass index (BMI) greater than or equal to 30 kg/m(2) and/or who had undergone bariatric surgery. Interviews were performed, and the patients' medical records and antenatal information cards were evaluated. RESULTS: Ninety-three pregnant women who had bariatric surgery and 205 obese pregnant women were selected. A lower occurrence of hypertensive diseases was observed in pregnant women who had undergone bariatric surgery (14%) compared with obese pregnant women (56.6%). Moreover, a reduced occurrence of diabetes was found in post-bariatric pregnant women (16.1%) compared with obese pregnant women (30.2%). There were no differences in the frequency of prematurity, in delivery methods, or in postpartum complications. There was a higher number of cases of babies who were small for gestational age and a lower number of babies who were large for gestational age in the post-bariatric group. When comparing obese pregnant women to post-bariatric pregnant women who had remained obese, a reduced frequency of hypertensive diseases and diabetes was found in the latter group, but the weight difference between their newborns was not statistically significant. CONCLUSION: There was a lower occurrence of health-related issues complicating pregnancy among women who had undergone bariatric surgery, but these women's newborns were more likely to be small for gestational age, a finding which was less significant the less weight the mother had lost.
The new diagnostic criteria for diabetes: the impact on management of diabetes and macrovascular risk factors.; The American Diabetes Association (ADA) has recently revised the system of classification and criteria for diagnosis of diabetes to help remedy the problem of undiagnosed diabetes, as well as to move away from a system of diagnosis based on treatment used toward a system based on disease etiology. The ADA report identifies 4 major categories of diabetes: (1) type 1 (absolute insulin deficiency); (2) type 2 (insulin resistance with an insulin secretory defect); (3) other specific types; and (4) gestational diabetes mellitus. The major changes are establishing a fasting glucose > or = 126 mg/dL for the diagnosis of diabetes and the suggestion that oral glucose tolerance tests are not needed in routine practice for the diagnosis of diabetes. The report stresses that the degree and type of diabetes can change over time and underscores the importance of early recognition and management of glycemic disorders. More aggressive screening, using fasting plasma glucose (FPG) concentrations of > or = 110 mg/dL as a marker of insulin resistance, should help identify not only patients with hyperglycemia but also those with insulin resistance without significant hyperglycemia. Even if hemoglobin A1c levels are in the normal range, patients in this category are at increased risk for developing macrovascular complications and may benefit from active intervention to reduce cardiac risk factors.
Women's Reproductive Milestones and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Review of Reports and Opportunities From the CARDIA Study.; In 1985 to 1986, the CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study enrolled 5115 Black or White participants, including 2788 women, aged 18 to 30 years. Over the following 35 years, the CARDIA study amassed extensive longitudinal data on women's reproductive milestones, spanning menarche to menopause. Although not initially conceived as a study of women's health, >75 CARDIA study publications address relationships between reproductive factors and events with cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease, and social determinants of health. The CARDIA study was one of the earliest population-based reports to note Black-White differences in age at menarche and associations with cardiovascular risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and preterm birth, have been assessed along with postpartum behaviors, such as lactation. Existing studies have examined risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes and lactation, as well as their relationship to future cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, diagnoses, and subclinical atherosclerosis. Ancillary studies examining components of polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian biomarkers, such as anti-Müllerian hormone, have facilitated examination of reproductive health in a population-based cohort of young adult women. As the cohort transitioned through menopause, examination of the importance of premenopausal cardiovascular risk factors along with menopause has improved our understanding of shared mechanisms. The cohort is now aged in the 50s to mid-60s, and women will begin to experience a greater number of cardiovascular events as well as other conditions, such as cognitive impairment. Thus, in the next decade, the CARDIA study will provide a unique resource for understanding how the women's reproductive life course epidemiology informs cardiovascular risk, as well as reproductive and chronological aging.
Outcomes of outborn very-low-birth-weight infants in Japan.; BACKGROUND: Outcomes of prenatal covariate-adjusted outborn very-low-birth-weight infants (VLBWIs) (≤1500 g) remain uncertain. OBJECTIVE: To compare morbidity and mortality between outborn and inborn VLBWIs. DESIGN: Observational cohort study using inverse-probability-of-treatment weighting. SETTING: Neonatal Research Network of Japan. PATIENTS: Singleton VLBWIs with no major anomalies admitted to a neonatal intensive care unit from 2012 to 2016. METHODS: Inverse-probability-of-treatment weighting with propensity scores was used to reduce imbalances in prenatal covariates (gestational age (GA), birth weight, small for GA, sex, maternal age, premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, preeclampsia, maternal diabetes mellitus, antenatal steroids and caesarean section). The primary outcome was severe intraventricular haemorrhage (IVH). The secondary outcomes were outcomes at resuscitation, other neonatal morbidities and mortality. RESULTS: The full cohort comprised 15 842 VLBWIs (668 outborns). The median (IQR) GA and birth weight were 28.9 (26.4-31.0) weeks and 1128 (862-1351) g for outborns and 28.7 (26.3-30.9) weeks and 1042 (758-1295) g for inborns. Outborn VLBWIs had a higher incidence of severe IVH (8.2% vs 4.1%; OR, 3.45; 95% CI 1.16 to 10.3) and pulmonary haemorrhage (3.7% vs 2.8%; OR, 5.21; 95% CI 1.41 to 19.2). There were no significant differences in Apgar scores, oxygen rates at delivery, intubation ratio at delivery, persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn, IVH of any grade, periventricular leukomalacia, chronic lung disease, oxygen at discharge, patent ductus arteriosus, retinopathy of prematurity, necrotising enterocolitis, sepsis or mortality. CONCLUSION: Outborn delivery of VLBWIs was associated with an increased risk of severe IVH.
The thrifty 'catch-up fat' phenotype: its impact on insulin sensitivity during growth trajectories to obesity and metabolic syndrome.; The analyses of large epidemiological databases have suggested that infants and children who show catch-up growth, or adiposity rebound at a younger age, are predisposed to the development of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases later in life. The pathophysiological mechanisms by which these growth trajectories confer increased risks for these diseases are obscure, but there is compelling evidence that the dynamic process of catch-up growth per se, which often overlaps with adiposity rebound at a younger age, is characterized by hyperinsulinemia and by a disproportionately higher rate in the recovery of body fat than lean tissue (i.e. preferential 'catch-up fat'). This paper first focuses upon the almost ubiquitous nature of this preferential 'catch-up fat' phenotype across the life cycle as a risk factor for obesity and insulin-related complications - not only in infants and children who experienced catch-up growth after earlier fetal or neonatal growth retardation, or after preterm birth, but also in adults who show weight recovery after substantial weight loss owing to famine, disease-cachexia or periodic dieting. It subsequently reviews the evidence indicating that such preferential catch-up fat is primarily driven by energy conservation (thrifty) mechanisms operating via suppressed thermogenesis, with glucose thus spared from oxidation in skeletal muscle being directed towards de novo lipogenesis and storage in white adipose tissue. A molecular-physiological framework is presented which integrates emerging insights into the mechanisms by which this thrifty 'catch-up fat' phenotype crosslinks with early development of insulin and leptin resistance. In the complex interactions between genetic constitution of the individual, programming earlier in life, and a subsequent lifestyle of energy dense foods and low physical activity, this thrifty 'catch-up fat' phenotype--which probably evolved to increase survival capacity in a hunter-gatherer lifestyle of periodic food shortages--is a central event in growth trajectories to obesity and to diseases that cluster into the insulin resistance (metabolic) syndrome.
Increased cell-mediated cytotoxicity against beta-cells in streptozotocin-treated offspring of mother animals with gestational hyperglycaemia.; The offspring of mother animals with mild gestational hyperglycaemia exhibited basal hyperinsulinism, decreased glucose tolerance and increased susceptibility to streptozotocin diabetes. Following low-dose successive streptozotocin treatment a significantly increased spleen cell cytotoxicity against beta-cells was found in these animals as compared to the offspring of gestational normoglycaemic control mothers. Such increased cell-mediated cytotoxicity, considered as enhanced autoimmune reactivity, was positively correlated to blood glucose levels and negatively correlated to pancreatic insulin contents. Thus, hyperinsulinism, occurring during pre- and neonatal brain organization and produced by gestational hyperglycaemia, is a predisposing teratogenetic risk factor not only for the development of type II, but also of type I diabetes. Thus, it is comprehensible that the prevalence of type I diabetes in children could be decisively reduced by preventing gestational hyperglycaemia in their mothers (Dörner et al., 1985).
The link between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease: How far we have come in last two decades ?; Many epidemiological studies have investigated the relationship between periodontal disease (PD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), but their results are heterogeneous. This review article is designed to update the potential association, that forms the basis of understanding for a (causal) role for PD to cardiovascular events; as reported by various observational (case-control, cohort, cross-sectional) studies, epidemiological and interventional studies, not considering the other number of systemic health outcomes like cerebrovascular disease, pregnancy complications, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diabetes mellitus complications, osteoporosis, etc. A brief overview has been included for atherosclerosis (ATH), its pathophysiology and the association of periodontal infections as a risk factor for causing ATH, which seems to be a rational one; as development of ATH involves a chronic low-grade inflammation and moreover, it has long been set up prior to development of ischemic heart disease and thus provides potential contributing mechanisms that ATH may contribute singly or in concert with other risk factors to develop ischemic heart disease. This article goes on to discuss the correlation of evidence that is gathered from many scientific studies showing either strong, modest, weak or even no links along with their critical analyses. Finally, this article summarizes the present status of the links that possibly exist between PD and its role as a risk factor in triggering cardiovascular events, in the fairly long journey for the last two decades.
Relationship Between Maternal Serum Cortisol and Maternal Insulin Resistance and Fetal Ultrasound Characteristics in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; INTRODUCTION: Cortisol is proven to play a crucial role in hyperglycemia and fetal development in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This research aims to investigate the relationship between maternal serum cortisol and insulin resistance indices and fetal ultrasound characteristics in women with GDM. METHODS: A cross-sectional and descriptive study on 144 GDM in Vietnam from January 2015 to December 2020. Serum cortisol was measured using electrochemiluminescence immunoassay at 8 a.m. on the examination day in the vicinity of the 24th gestational week. Fetal ultrasound was performed by an experienced person who was blind to the study. RESULTS: The mean cortisol level in the GDM group was 627.04 nmol/L. Serum cortisol levels positively correlated with abdominal circumference (AC), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), insulin, triglycerides, HOMA2-IR, and Mathew indices (with r of 0.18, 0.22, 0.18, 0.17, 0.18, and 0.22, respectively). Serum cortisol levels negatively correlated with QUICKI and McAuley indices (with r of -0.19 and -0.21), respectively. In a univariate linear regression, maternal serum cortisol positively correlated with fetal AC, head circumference (HC), and biparietal diameter (BPD) (with r of 0.21; 0.23; and 0.25, respectively). In a multivariate linear regression analysis, cortisol positively correlated with fetal AC, HC, and BPD after adjusting to maternal McAuley index. CONCLUSION: Serum cortisol levels in GDM correlated with fasting blood glucose, triglycerides, and insulin resistance. Besides, serum cortisol levels in GDM positively correlated with fetal development.
Evaluation of right ventricular function in fetal hypoplastic left heart syndrome by color tissue Doppler imaging.; OBJECTIVE: Postnatal outcome of fetuses with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) is determined mainly by right ventricular function. Our study examines whether there are differences in right ventricular function during gestation of fetuses with HLHS compared with healthy fetuses. METHODS: A prospective study was conducted including 20 fetuses with HLHS and 20 gestational age-matched controls. Peak systolic and diastolic right ventricular free wall velocities were assessed using color tissue Doppler imaging (c-TDI). Subsequently, isovolumic time intervals, ejection time (ET'), E'/A' ratio and tissue Doppler-derived myocardial performance index (MPI') were calculated. Possible changes to c-TDI indices during the course of pregnancy in both the HLHS group and the control group were investigated. RESULTS: Examination of right ventricular function revealed significantly lower E' velocities (13.6 vs 21.0 cm/s; P = 0.017) and E'/A' ratios (0.55 vs 0.76; P = 0.012) and prolonged isovolumic contraction time (ICT') (57.0 vs 45.7 ms; P = 0.008) in the HLHS group compared with healthy fetuses. Furthermore, isovolumic relaxation time and MPI' increased significantly with gestational age in HLHS fetuses but not in controls. Values for systolic and diastolic peak velocities (E', A', S'), ET' and ICT' did not change significantly during gestation in either group. CONCLUSION: Right ventricular function in HLHS is altered as early as in fetal life, well before palliative surgery is performed. Future research should provide further insight into ventricular remodeling during gestation in cases of HLHS. Copyright © 2015 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Perinatal Nurse Home Visiting Referral Patterns Among Women With Diabetes and Hypertension in Philadelphia.; OBJECTIVE: To examine access to perinatal nurse home visiting services for high-risk pregnant women who have diabetes or hypertension. DESIGN: Secondary data analysis. SETTING: Philadelphia, PA. PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant women who had a live birth during 2012 and those referred to a community-based agency for perinatal nurse home visiting because of their diagnosis of diabetes or hypertension. METHODS: Access to services was measured by examining referral information (dosage, diagnosis, gestational age at time of referral, and insurance type) retrieved from administrative logs of the community-based organization that provides perinatal home visiting to high-risk pregnant women. The population-based prevalence rates of hypertension and diabetes were calculated from birth record data provided by the Philadelphia Department of Public Health. RESULTS: During 2012, 595 pregnant women were referred for perinatal nurse home visiting services. The mean gestational age when referred for services was 24.9 weeks (standard deviation = 8.5) with a mean number of 8.8 authorized visits (standard deviation = 8). Associated with more authorized visits was having Medicaid as the insurance type and medical diagnoses that included hypertension (p < .01). Philadelphia prevalence rates for diabetes and hypertension varied by race and ethnicity (p < .001); Asian mothers had the greatest rates for diabetes and Black mothers the greatest rates for hypertension. CONCLUSION: Various models of home visiting programs exist to improve maternal and child health outcomes. Because maternal morbidity and mortality rates are rising in the United States, further research about perinatal nurse home visiting programs for pregnant women with diabetes and hypertension is warranted.
Carotid artery dissection in an adult with the Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome.; We report on the case of a 44-year-old man affected with the Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome (SGBS) (OMIM 312870) presenting with ischemic stroke due to a dissection of the right internal carotid. Molecular genetic analysis revealed the p.Gly556Arg mutation in exon 8 of the gene encoding glypican 3 (GPC3). This is the second case of a GPC3 missense mutation to be reported. The only risk factor found in this patient was carotid redundancy, a deformation that is significantly associated with spontaneous carotid dissection. The natural history of SGBS in adults is poorly known, and this case raises the question of a possible vascular risk associated with the disease.
Management of primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy: a case series.; Primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT) is characterised by the overproduction of parathyroid hormone (PTH) due to parathyroid hyperplasia, adenoma or carcinoma and results in hypercalcaemia and a raised or inappropriately normal PTH. Symptoms of hypercalcaemia occur in 20% of patients and include fatigue, nausea, constipation, depression, renal impairment and cardiac arrythmias. In the most severe cases, uraemia, coma or cardiac arrest can result. Primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy is rare, with a reported incidence of 1%. Maternal and fetal/neonatal complications are estimated to occur in 67 and 80% of untreated cases respectively. Maternal complications include nephrolithiasis, pancreatitis, hyperemesis gravidarum, pre-eclampsia and hypercalcemic crises. Fetal complications include intrauterine growth restriction; preterm delivery and a three to five-fold increased risk of miscarriage. There is a direct relationship between the degree of severity of hypercalcaemia and miscarriage risk, with miscarriage being more common in those patients with a serum calcium greater than 2.85 mmol/L. Neonatal complications include hypocalcemia. Herein, we present a case series of three women who were diagnosed with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy. Case 1 was diagnosed with multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 (MEN1) in pregnancy and required a bilateral neck exploration and subtotal parathyroidectomy in the second trimester of her pregnancy due to symptomatic severe hypercalcaemia. Both case 2 and case 3 were diagnosed with primary hyperparathyroidism due to a parathyroid adenoma and required a unilateral parathyroidectomy in the second trimester. This case series highlights the work-up and the tailored management approach to patients with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy. Learning points: Primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy is associated with a high incidence of associated maternal fetal and neonatal complications directly proportionate to degree of maternal serum calcium levels. Parathyroidectomy is the definitive treatment for primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy and was used in the management of all three cases in this series. It is recommended when serum calcium is persistently greater than 2.75 mmol/L and or for the management of maternal or fetal complications of hypercalcaemia. Surgical management, when necessary is ideally performed in the second trimester. Primary hyperparathyroidism is genetically determined in ~10% of cases, where the likelihood is increased in those under 40 years, where there is relevant family history and those with other related endocrinopathies. Genetic testing is a useful diagnostic adjunct and can guide treatment and management options for patients diagnosed with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy, as described in case 1 in this series, who was diagnosed with MEN1 syndrome. Women of reproductive age with primary hyperparathyroidism need to be informed of the risks and complications associated with primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy and pregnancy should be deferred and or avoided until curative surgery has been performed and calcium levels have normalised.
From Sea to Shining Sea and the Great Plains to Patagonia: A Review on Current Knowledge of Diabetes Mellitus in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America.; The past two decades have witnessed many advances in the prevention, treatment, and control of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. Increased screening has led to a greater recognition of type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and prediabetes; however, Hispanics/Latinos, the largest minority group in the US, have not fully benefited from these advances. The Hispanic/Latino population is highly diverse in ancestries, birth places, cultures, languages, and socioeconomic backgrounds, and it populates most of the Western Hemisphere. In the US, the prevalence of DM varies among Hispanic/Latino heritage groups, being higher among Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, and Dominicans, and lower among South Americans. The risk and prevalence of diabetes among Hispanics/Latinos are significantly higher than in non-Hispanic Whites, and nearly 40% of Hispanics/Latinos with diabetes have not been formally diagnosed. Despite these striking facts, the representation of Hispanics/Latinos in pharmacological and non-pharmacological clinical trials has been suboptimal, while the prevalence of diabetes in these populations continues to rise. This review will focus on the epidemiology, etiology and prevention of type 2 DM in populations of Latin American origin. We will set the stage by defining the terms Hispanic, Latino, and Latin American, explaining the challenges identifying Hispanics/Latinos in the scientific literature and databases, describing the epidemiology of diabetes-including type 2 DM and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-and cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America, and discussing trends, and commonalities and differences across studies and populations, including methodology to ascertain diabetes. We will discuss studies on mechanisms of disease, and research on prevention of type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos, including women with GDM, youth and adults; and finalize with a discussion on lessons learned and opportunities to enhance research, and, consequently, clinical care oriented toward preventing type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America.
Long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity in women with pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether severe and recurrent pre-eclampsia increase the risk for long-term maternal atherosclerotic disease. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based study compared the incidence of long-term atherosclerotic morbidity in a cohort of women who delivered in the years 1988-2012. The exposure variable was pre-eclampsia. Mean follow-up duration was 11.2 years. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were used to estimate cumulative incidence of simple, complex (ie, angina pectoris and congestive heart failure, respectively) cardiovascular-related and renal-related hospitalisations. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted HRs for cardiovascular and renal morbidity. RESULTS: During the study, 96 370 patients met the inclusion criteria; 7824 (8.1%) in patients who were diagnosed at least once with pre-eclampsia. Patients with pre-eclampsia had higher rates of cardiovascular morbidity including cardiac non-invasive (OR 1.4; 95% CI 1.1 to 1.7; p=0.005) and invasive diagnostic procedures (OR 1.7; 95% CI 1.2 to 2.3; p=0.001), simple (OR 1.5; 95% CI 1.2 to 1.8; p=0.001), as well as complex cardiovascular events (OR 2.4; 95% CI 2.2 to 2.8; p=0.001) and renal (OR 3.7; 95% CI 2.2 to 6.0; p=0.001) hospitalisations. A significant linear association was noted between the severity of pre-eclampsia (no pre-eclampsia, mild pre-eclampsia, severe pre-eclampsia and eclampsia) and cardiovascular (2.7% vs 4.5% vs 5.2% vs 5.7%, respectively; p=0.001), as well as renal disease (0.1% vs 0.2% vs 0.5% vs 1.1%, respectively; p=0.001). Likewise, a linear association was found between the number of previous pregnancies with pre-eclampsia (no pre-eclampsia, one event and ≥2 events of pre-eclampsia) and risk for future simple cardiovascular disease (1.2% vs 1.6% vs 2.2%, respectively; p=0.001), complex cardiovascular disease (1.3% vs 2.7% vs 4.6%, respectively; p=0.001) and total cardiovascular hospitalisations (2.7% vs 4.4% vs 6.0%, respectively; p=0.001). Using a Kaplan-Meier survival curve, patients with pre-eclampsia had significantly higher cumulative incidence of atherosclerotic-related hospitalisations. In a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for confounders such as maternal age, parity, diabetes mellitus and obesity, pre-eclampsia remained independently associated with atherosclerotic hospitalisations. CONCLUSIONS: Previous pregnancy with pre-eclampsia is an independent risk factor for long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. The risk is more substantial for patients with severe and recurrent episodes of pre-eclampsia.
The effect of spinal hypotension and anesthesia-to-delivery time interval on neonatal outcomes in planned cesarean delivery.; BACKGROUND: Maternal hypotension after spinal anesthesia, and time from anesthesia to delivery, are potentially modifiable risk factors for neonatal acidosis. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the relationship between the time from spinal anesthesia to delivery and spinal hypotension in planned cesarean deliveries and their effect on neonatal outcome, primarily neonatal acidosis. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective analysis of women with singleton pregnancy undergoing spinal anesthesia for planned cesarean delivery between 37 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks' gestation using electronic medical records. The occurrence of spinal hypotension and anesthesia-to-incision and incision-to-delivery intervals (minutes) were the primarily studied variables. In addition, spinal hypotension index was developed to account for the duration and magnitude of maternal hypotension. The 90th percentile for the spinal hypotension index defined the sustained spinal hypotension group. The primary outcome was neonatal acidosis (pH of ≤7.1 or base deficit of ≥12.0). The odds ratios were calculated using univariate and multivariate logistic regression models. The multivariate analysis included sporadic spinal hypotension or sustained spinal hypotension, use of vasopressor treatment, and anesthesia-to-incision and incision-to-delivery intervals. RESULTS: We included 3150 women in the study. Notably, 43.4% experienced at least 1 event of spinal hypotension (sporadic) and 14.8% experienced sustained spinal hypotension. Neonatal acidosis occurred in 3.4% cases of sporadic spinal hypotension (odds ratio, 1.83; 95% confidence interval, 2.27-2.87) and in 5.8% cases of sustained hypotension (odds ratio, 3.00; 95% confidence interval, 1.87-4.80). Both anesthesia-to-incision and incision-to-delivery intervals were significantly associated with neonatal acidosis as follows: at 90th percentile cutoff, the odds ratios for neonatal acidosis were 3.82 (95% confidence interval, 2.03-7.19) and 2.94 (95% confidence interval, 1.70-5.10), respectively. The use of ephedrine (odds ratio, 2.42; 95% confidence interval, 1.35-4.32) but not phenylephrine (odds ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.34-1.72) treatment was also associated with more cases of neonatal acidosis. The woman's age, gestational age, neonatal birthweight, fetal presentation, and the number of previous cesarean deliveries were not associated with neonatal acidosis. In multivariate analysis, anesthesia-to-incision and incision-to-delivery intervals, use of vasopressor treatment, and sustained spinal hypotension were independently associated with neonatal acidosis. After adjustment, the risk for neonatal acidosis did not increase in women who experienced sporadic spinal hypotension only. Neither neonatal acidosis nor the primary research variables were associated with neonatal complications such as transient tachypnea of the newborn, respiratory distress, or admission to the neonatal unit. CONCLUSION: Neonatal acidosis in planned cesarean delivery was common. However, serious perinatal consequences were rare. The adverse effects of sustained spinal hypotension and prolonged anesthesia-to-incision and incision-to-delivery intervals on neonatal acid-base balance were additive. This supports the adoption of prevention strategies for spinal hypotension, which is widely evidenced based on the obstetrical anesthesia literature, but still not universally used. Whether the reduction in intraoperative time intervals would benefit the neonate should be determined by future prospective studies.
Maternal hypertension and intrapartum fever are associated with increased risk of ischemic stroke during infancy.; AIM: To examine maternal hypertension, diabetes, and intrapartum fever as potential risk factors for ischemic stroke in infants. METHOD: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of 226,117 children born from January 2000 to December 2007 who were enrolled in the South Carolina Medicaid program. We linked maternal and child Medicaid billing records and birth certificate data. Children with ischemic stroke were identified based on the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9), code 434 in the child's billing data. Independent variables and covariates were identified using ICD-9 codes and birth certificate data. We modeled the odds of ischemic stroke diagnosis in infants, either before 30 days of life or before 365 days. RESULTS: Forty-three children were diagnosed with ischemic stroke before 30 days and 161 before 365 days. Maternal hypertension (odds ratio 2.31 before 30 d) and intrapartum fever (odds ratio 3.36 <30 d) were significantly associated with odds of ischemic stroke before 30 days and before 365 days; maternal diabetes was not. INTERPRETATION: Maternal hypertension and intrapartum fever appear to be risk factors for ischemic stroke in infants. Additional research is needed to determine the mechanism(s) underlying these associations and to develop effective preventive methods for high-risk infants.
Classification of Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes is a heterogeneous, complex metabolic disorder characterized by elevated blood glucose concentrations secondary to either resistance to the action of insulin, insufficient insulin secretion, or both. The most common classifications include Type 1 diabetes mellitus, Type 2 diabetes mellitus, and gestational diabetes. Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) is characterized by insulin resistance and a relative deficiency of insulin secretion. The absolute plasma insulin concentration (both fasting and meal-stimulated) usually is increased, although "relative" to the severity of insulin resistance, the plasma insulin concentration is insufficient to maintain normal glucose homeostasis. Insulin secretion capacity progressively worsens over time in most patients with T2DM. Type 1 DM results in an absolute deficiency in beta-cell function in most. Autoimmune destruction of beta-cells is a common origin, though cases continue to be classified as idiopathic. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance which is first recognized during pregnancy. In most women who develop GDM, the disorder has its onset in the third trimester of pregnancy and patients with GDM have a high risk of developing T2DM later in life. Other causes of diabetes include genetic disorders, diseases that cause damage to the pancreas, as well as an excess of certain hormones such as growth hormone and glucocorticoids. Diabetes mellitus may also be due to drugs, chemicals, or infections. Proper classification of the type of diabetes often helps determine appropriate therapy. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG
Refined carbohydrates, phenotypic plasticity and the obesity epidemic.; The major change in the United States and European diets associated with the increased rates of obesity was an increased consumption of refined carbohydrates. A feature of refined carbohydrates is their predisposition to cause increased fluctuations in plasma insulin and glucose levels and postprandial reactive hypoglycaemia. As the central nervous system is dependent on a stable supply of glucose this threatens the central nervous system functioning and these fluctuations also have a negative impact on the cardiovascular system. Phenotypic plasticity enables organisms to use adaptive phenotypes already in existence such as the increased insulin resistance and increased adiposity associated with pregnancy or the insulin resistance associated with infection, trauma and burns or to evolve new phenotypes to adapt to variations in the environment. This paper explores the evidence that increased insulin resistance that is commonly associated with increased adiposity possibly because of shared locations on the genome is a phenotypic plastic adaptation to the increased consumption of refined carbohydrates and their predisposition to cause increased fluctuations in plasma insulin and plasma glucose and post-prandial reactive hypoglycaemia both of which have negative impacts on the metabolism. Obesity, that is a relatively stable state of increased adiposity and insulin resistance has adaptive and defensive features to these fluctuations in plasma insulin and glucose in that metabolic disorders associated with refined carbohydrate consumption are often mitigated and modified as exemplified by the obesity paradox.
Prospective evaluation of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-a and outcomes in patients with acute coronary syndromes.; OBJECTIVES: This study sought to investigate whether pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) is useful for risk assessment in non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTE-ACS). BACKGROUND: PAPP-A is a high molecular weight, zinc-binding metalloproteinase that is associated with vulnerable plaque and may be a predictor of cardiovascular disease and mortality. METHODS: We measured PAPP-A at baseline in 3,782 patients with non NSTE-ACS randomized to ranolazine or placebo in the MERLIN-TIMI 36 (Metabolic Efficiency With Ranolazine for Less Ischemia in Non-ST Elevation Acute Coronary Syndromes) trial and followed for an average of 1 year. A cut point of 6.0 μIU/ml was chosen from pilot work in this cohort. RESULTS: PAPP-A >6.0 μIU/ml at presentation was associated with higher rates of cardiovascular death (CVD) or myocardial infarction (MI) at 30 days (7.4% vs. 3.7%, hazard ratio [HR]: 2.01; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.43 to 2.82; p < 0.001) and at 1 year (14.9% vs. 9.7%, HR: 1.63; 95% CI: 1.29 to 2.05; p < 0.001). PAPP-A was also associated with higher rates of CVD (HR: 1.94; 95% CI: 1.07 to 3.52, p = 0.027) and myocardial infarction (HR: 1.82; 95% CI: 1.22 to 2.71, p = 0.003) individually at 30 days. There was no difference in the risk associated with PAPP-A stratified by baseline cardiac troponin I [Accu-TnI >0.04 μg/l], p interaction = 0.87). After adjustment for cardiac troponin I, ST-segment deviation, age, sex, diabetes, smoking, hypertension, and coronary artery disease, PAPP-A was independently associated with CVD/myocardial infarction at 30 days (adjusted HR: 1.62, 95% CI: 1.15 to 2.29; p = 0.006) and 1 year (adjusted HR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.07 to 1.71; p = 0.012). PAPP-A also improved the net reclassification for CVD/MI (p = 0.003). There was no significant interaction with ranolazine. CONCLUSIONS: PAPP-A was independently associated with recurrent cardiovascular events in patients with NSTE-ACS. This finding supports PAPP-A as a candidate prognostic marker in patients with ACS and supports investigation of its therapeutic implications.
Early-onset vs late-onset preeclampsia and risk of coronary atherosclerosis later in life: a clinical follow-up study.; BACKGROUND: Younger women with previous preeclampsia have an increased risk of coronary atherosclerosis. It is unknown if this risk is associated with the time of onset of preeclampsia. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate if women with early-onset preeclampsia have a higher risk of coronary atherosclerosis compared with women with late-onset preeclampsia, independent of other perinatal risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 911 women with previous preeclampsia aged 35 to 55 years participated in a clinical follow-up study, including clinical examination, comprehensive questionnaires, and cardiac computed tomography scan 13 years (range, 0-28) after index pregnancy. Early- and late-onset preeclampsia were defined as gestational age at delivery of <34+0 and ≥34+0 gestational weeks, respectively. The primary outcome of the study was the presence of coronary atherosclerosis on the cardiac computed tomography. A logistic regression analysis was performed to investigate the association between time of onset of preeclampsia, perinatal risk factors, and the primary outcome. RESULTS: Women with early-onset preeclampsia (N=139) were older (46.2±5.7 vs 44.4±5.5 years; P<.001), more likely to have hypertension (51.1% vs 35.1%; P≤.001), and had a higher body mass index (27.9±6.3 vs 26.9±5.5 kg/m(2); P=.051) compared with women with late-onset preeclampsia (N=772) at follow-up. The prevalence of the primary outcome (coronary atherosclerosis) on the cardiac computed tomography among women with early- and late-onset preeclampsia was 28.8% vs 22.2%, respectively (P=.088; adjusted odds ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-3.01; P=.045 after adjustment for maternal age at index pregnancy, prepregnancy body mass index, parity, diabetes in pregnancy, smoking in pregnancy, offspring birthweight and sex, and follow-up length). CONCLUSION: Women with early-onset preeclampsia had a slightly higher risk of coronary atherosclerosis compared with women with late-onset preeclampsia. However, according to the current evidence, it does not seem indicated to limit screening, diagnostic, and preventive measures for cardiovascular disease only to women with early-onset preeclampsia.
Reference intervals for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in healthy Mexican pregnant women: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: The reference intervals for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in pregnant Mexican women without diabetes are not well defined. The study aims to determine the reference intervals for HbA1c at each trimester in healthy Mexican pregnant women. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included healthy Mexican pregnant women in trimester 1 (T1), 6-13.6 weeks of gestation (WG), trimester 2 (T2), 14-27 WG, and trimester 3 (T3), ≥27-36 WG, with a maternal age > 18 years, and pregestational body mass index (BMI) ranging between 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2). Women with gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, anemia, a pregestational BMI < 18.5 or ≥ 25 kg/m(2), and any hematologic, hepatic, immunological, renal, or cardiac disease were excluded. HbA1c was measured using high-performance liquid chromatography based on the National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program-certified PDQ Primus guidelines. The HbA1c reference intervals were calculated in terms of the 2.5th to the 97.5th percentiles. RESULTS: We analyzed the HbA1c values of 725 women (T1 n = 84, T2 n = 448, and T3 n = 193). The characteristics of the participants were expressed as mean ± standard deviation and included: maternal age (28.2 ± 6.7 years), pregestational weight (54.8 ± 5.9 Kg), pregestational BMI (22.2 ± 1.7 Kg/m(2)), and glucose values using a 75 g-2 h oral glucose tolerance test; fasting 4.5 ± 0.3 mmol/L (81.5 ± 5.5 mg/dL), 1 h 6.4 ± 1.5 mmol/L (115.3 ± 26.6 mg/dL), and 2 h 5.7 ± 1.1 mmol/L (103.5 ± 19.6 mg/dL). Reference intervals for HbA1c, expressed as median and 2.5th to 97.5th percentile for each trimester were: T1: 5.1 (4.5-5.6%), T2: 5.0 (4.4-5.5%), and T3: 5.1 (4.5-5.6%). CONCLUSIONS: The reference range of HbA1C in healthy Mexican pregnant women during pregnancy was 4.4% to 5.6%. We suggest as upper limits of HbA1c value ≤5.6%, 5.5%, and 5.7% for T1, T2, and T3, respectively among Mexican pregnant women.
Retracted: Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; [This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/6565109.].
Lifestyle interventions for type 2 diabetes prevention in women with prior gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of behavioural, anthropometric and metabolic outcomes.; PURPOSE: To systematically review lifestyle interventions for women with prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) to report study characteristics, intervention design and study quality and explore changes in 1) diet, physical activity and sedentary behaviour; 2) anthropometric outcomes and; 3) glycaemic control and diabetes risk. METHODS: Databases (Web of Science, CCRCT, EMBASE and Science DIRECT) were searched (1980 to April 2014) using keywords for controlled or pre-post design trials of lifestyle intervention targeting women with previous GDM reporting at least one behavioural, anthropometric or diabetes outcome. Selected studies were narratively synthesized with anthropometric and glycaemic outcomes synthesized using meta-analysis. RESULTS: Three of 13 included studies were rated as low bias risk. Recruitment rates were poor but study retention good. Six of 11 studies reporting on physical activity reported favourable intervention effects. All six studies reporting on diet reported favourable intervention effects. In meta-analysis, significant weight-loss was attributable to one Chinese population study (WMD = - 1.06 kg (95% CI = - 1.68, - 0.44)). Lifestyle interventions did not change fasting blood glucose (WMD = - 0.05 mmol/L, 95% CI = - 0.21, 0.11) or type 2 diabetes risk. CONCLUSIONS: Lack of methodologically robust trials gives limited evidence for the success of lifestyle interventions in women with prior GDM. Recruitment into trials is challenging.
Maternal BMI at the time of birth and selected risk factors associated with severe neonatal outcomes: a secondary analysis of the WHO Better Outcomes in Labour Difficulty (BOLD) project.; The main objective of this secondary analysis was to describe the nutritional status of the Better Outcomes in Labour Difficulty (BOLD) project study population and determine possible associations between maternal nutritional status (as reflected by maternal BMI at the time of birth) and severe neonatal outcomes (SNO). We also analysed previous and index maternal pathologies to determine associations with neonatal outcomes. We used the classification designed by Atalah for maternal BMI and compared with the Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study one. To describe the nutritional status of this population, figures of distribution and test of normality related to weight and BMI were presented for the women and their babies. To explore the association between maternal BMI data and SNO, the χ2 test was performed. To identify a maternal characteristic or a group of characteristics that could predict SNO, we used Fisher's exact test using previous maternal pathology collected in the BOLD project as well as that in the index pregnancy. In this study, BMI at the time of birth was not associated with neonatal near miss or death. We found that previous maternal obesity, diabetes and chronic hypertension were associated with SNO. Maternal pathology in the index pregnancy such as other obstetric haemorrhage, pre-eclampsia, anaemia and gestational diabetes was associated with SNO.
Longitudinal Reference Ranges for Tricuspid Annular Plane Systolic Excursion and Mitral Annular Plane Systolic Excursion in Normally Grown Fetuses.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to construct reference ranges for fetal tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and mitral annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE) using conventional M-mode ultrasound (US) in the second half of pregnancy. METHODS: Participants underwent US scans every 4 weeks from 18 weeks' gestation until delivery. The TAPSE and MAPSE were measured by conventional M-mode US at each examination. The relationships between TAPSE and MAPSE and gestational age and estimated fetal weight were modeled by Bayesian mixed effects linear regression. RESULTS: Positive linear relationships were observed between both MAPSE and TAPSE and gestational age and estimated fetal weight. Reference centiles for TAPSE and MAPSE were developed. CONCLUSIONS: This simple technique is a useful tool for assessing cardiac function and could be used for quantitative assessments of fetal cardiac function, particularly in high-risk pregnancies such as those complicated by maternal diabetes.
Obstetric nephrology: pregnancy in women with diabetic nephropathy--the role of antihypertensive treatment.; This review highlights factors of importance for the clinical care of pregnant women with pregestational diabetes and microalbuminuria or diabetic nephropathy with particular focus on the role of intensive antihypertensive treatment during pregnancy. Most information in the literature comes from women with type 1 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy, but this is probably also valid for women with type 2 diabetes. Careful counseling of women with diabetic nephropathy before pregnancy with estimation of the risk for the mother and fetus is important. Pregnancy does not result in worsening of kidney function in women with diabetic nephropathy and normal serum creatinine, but pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and preterm delivery are common. Intensive metabolic control before and during pregnancy, low-dose aspirin from 12 gestational weeks onward, and intensive antihypertensive treatment are important. Methyldopa, labetalol, and nifedipine are regarded safe in pregnancy, whereas angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors, AngII antagonists, or statins should be paused before pregnancy. Case series and pathophysiological studies support the use of a stringent goal for BP and albumin excretion in pregnant women with diabetic nephropathy. Screening for diabetic retinopathy before and during pregnancy is mandatory and laser treatment should be performed if indicated. Pregnancy outcome in women with diabetic nephropathy has improved considerably with a take-home-baby rate of approximately 95%. Further research on the benefits and risks of intensive antihypertensive treatment in this population is needed.
Maternal obesity, lipotoxicity and cardiovascular diseases in offspring.; Maternal obesity has risen dramatically over the past 20 years, by nearly 42% in African-Americans and 29% in Caucasians. Maternal obesity is afflicted with many maternal obstetric complications in the offspring including high blood pressure, obesity, gestational diabetes and increased perinatal morbidity. Maternal nutritional environment plays a rather important role in the programming of the health set-points in the offspring such as glucose and insulin metabolism, energy balance and predisposition to metabolic disorders. In particular, maternal obesity is associated with elevated prevalence of cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. Evidence from human and experimental studies including rodents and nonhuman primates has indicated that maternal obesity or overnutrition programs offspring for an increased risk of adult obesity. Maternal obesity or fat diet exposure predisposes the onset and development of obesity, insulin resistance, cardiac hypertrophy and myocardial contractile anomalies in the offspring. A number of mechanisms including elevated hormones (leptin, insulin), nutrients (fatty acids, triglycerides and glucose) and inflammatory cytokines have been postulated to play a key role in maternal obesity-induced postnatal cardiovascular sequelae. In addition, lipotoxicity (accumulation of lipid metabolites) resulting from maternal obesity is capable of activating a number of stress signaling cascades including pro-inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress to exacerbate maternal obesity-induced cardiovascular complications later on in adult life. This mini-review summarizes the recent knowledge with regard to the role of lipotoxicity in maternal obesity-induced change in cardiovascular function in the offspring. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Focus on Cardiac Metabolism".
Fetal shoulder dystocia.; Shoulder dystocia is an unpredictable obstetric complication with the incidence of 0.15% to 2%. An increase in the incidence of shoulder dystocia has been recorded over the last 20 years, probably just because it has now been regularly registered at maternity wards as an obstetric complication. The risk factors for shoulder dystocia include fetal macrosomia, fetal malformations and tumors, maternal adiposity, excessive weight gain during pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, pathologic pelvis, multiparity, short maternal stature, advanced maternal age, postterm pregnancy, so-called midforceps delivery or vacuum extraction, prolonged delivery stage II, oxytocin labor induction, premature fetal expression according to Kristeller, and previous shoulder dystocia in macrosomatic children. The sequels of shoulder dystocia and obstetric maneuvers for incarcerated shoulder release include clavicular fracture, brachial plexus lesions, sternocleidomastoid muscle distension with or without hematoma, diaphragmatic paralysis, Horner's syndrome, peripartal asphyxia and consequential cerebral lesions (cerebral palsy), and peripartal death. Maternal complications due to shoulder dystocia are postpartal hemorrhage, cervical and vaginal lacerations, frequent infections during the puerperium, symphysiolysis and rupture of the uterus, and secondary cesarean section with related complications due to unsuccessful obstetric procedures or as continuation of Zavanelli's maneuver. McRoberts' maneuver (or Gaskin maneuver) is recommended as the initial procedure for shoulder release in case of shoulder dystocia. If it fails, other obstetric procedures such as Resnik's suprapubic pressure and Woods' grip with posteriorly placed arm release should be used, always with gross lateral episiotomy. The performance of all these obstetric procedures requires skilfull and highly experienced obstetrician and obstetric team as a whole.
[TRIGLYCERIDE LEVELS AS A RISK FACTOR DURING PREGNANCY; BIOLOGICAL MODELING; SYSTEMATIC REVIEW].; INTRODUCTION: introduction: Some of the diseases that can appear in pregnancy (gestational diabetes, hypertension and preeclampsia) are being associated with an increased risk of heart throughout life diseases. This should be present in future assessments of the health of women. One of the most important biomarkers in cardiovascular diseases is the triglyceride level, and that undergoes a significant change during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: the objective of this review is to analyze the studies that have investigated triglyceride levels during pregnancy as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in the last weeks of pregnancy and childbirth. METHODS: a systematic search was made and 14 specific articles on the subject were selected following the PRISMA guidelines. RESULTS: in normal pregnancy decreased the level of lipids in the first weeks, followed by a gradual increase. Especially high from the 12th week of gestation. This increase in plasma levels of circulating lipids occurs linearly, reaching a peak a few days before delivery. This increase results because of the increased estrogen levels and insulin resistance. It has also been associated with prolactin levels. CONCLUSIONS: through this review, it has been able to demonstrate the relationship of elevated triglycerides some pathologies or more frequent changes in risk pregnancies, in which a significantly higher elevation occurs compared to normal pregnancies. It is in this context that the biological modeling may be particularly important, facilitating the creation of models and percentile curves applicable to the population, and allow monitoring of changes in triglycerides, which end up pointing situations passing be predictors of a potentially pathological situation. Thus, appropriate interventions would be carried rafter more briefly, and see so favored adequate primary prevention.
Peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma 2 modulates late pregnancy homeostatic metabolic adaptations.; Pregnancy requires the adaptation of maternal energy metabolism including expansion and functional modifications of adipose tissue. Insulin resistance (IR), predominantly during late gestation, is a physiological metabolic adaptation that serves to support the metabolic demands of fetal growth. The molecular mechanisms underlying these adaptations are not fully understood and may contribute to gestational diabetes mellitus. Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPARγ) controls adipogenesis, glucose and lipid metabolism and insulin sensitivity. The PPARγ2 isoform is mainly expressed in adipocytes and is thus likely to contribute to adipose tissue adaptation during late pregnancy. In the present study, we investigated the contribution of PPARγ2 to the metabolic adaptations occurring during the late phase of pregnancy in the context of IR. Using a model of late pregnancy in PPARγ2 knockout (KO) mice, we found that deletion of PPARγ2 exacerbated IR in association with lower serum adiponectin levels, increased body weight and enhanced lipid accumulation in liver. Lack of PPARγ2 provoked changes in the distribution of fat mass and preferentially prevented the expansion of the perigonadal depot while at the same time exacerbating inflammation. PPARγ2KO pregnant mice presented adipose tissue depot-dependent decreased expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism. Collectively, these data indicate that PPARγ2 is essential to promote healthy adipose tissue expansion and immune and metabolic functionality during pregnancy, contributing to the physiological adaptations that lead gestation to term.
Umbilical artery Thrombosis: A case report of prenatal diagnosis and systematic review of the literature.; Umbilical Artery Thrombosis (UAT) is an extremely rare complication of pregnancy strongly associated with severe fetal distress and death. The pathogenesis is still unclear but it is often associated with anatomical cord abnormalities that leads to blood stasis and thrombosis formation. Other possible risk factors are maternal thrombophilia, autoimmune disease, gestational diabetes, hypertension disorders of pregnancy and Rh-alloimmunization. The most common clinical symptom is the reduction of fetal movements. The diagnosis is histopathological, but it can be suspected by clinical and prenatal ultrasound findings. Generally, the first choice therapy is the immediate delivery with cesarean section. This study reported a case of a spontaneous intrauterine UAT in a low-risk pregnancy and a systematic review of the literature on clinical, ultrasound and histopathological findings of UAT, in order to help clinicians in the diagnostic process and management of this rare complication.
Factors related to maternal mortality rate in covid-19 patients - a cross-sectional study from an Indonesian covid-19 referral hospital.; BACKGROUND: The covid-19 pandemic may cause severe clinical manifestations in a vulnerable population, such as pregnant women. Based on Indonesian Obstetrics and Gynecology Association (POGI), the number of maternal deaths due to covid-19 from April 2020 to April 2021 reached 3% and increased to 9% since the delta variant of covid-19 emerged. This research was expected to identify factors that are related to the mortality rate of pregnant women with covid-19. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study using secondary data collected from June 2020 to August 2021. The study was conducted in Universitas Indonesia Hospital, a national covid-19 referral hospital. Patient characteristics, pregnancy profile, comorbidities, laboratory results, chest X-ray examination, treatment options, and the severity of symptoms were evaluated. In addition, bivariate data analysis was carried out using the SPSS device. RESULTS: Out of 114 research subjects, seven patients (6.1%) died, and 107 patients (93.9%) survived. The risk of mortality was significantly (P &lt; 0.05) related to patients' age, duration of hospitalization, gestational age, severity rate of covid-19, the level of hemoglobin, leukocyte count, platelet count, lymphocytes, the levels of D-dimer, C-reactive protein, transaminase enzymes, urea, creatinine, eGFR, sodium, potassium, and procalcitonin. In addition, significant differences (P &lt; 0.05) related to maternal mortality rate were also shown in the presence of comorbidities (type 2 diabetes, congestive heart failure, coronary artery disease/acute coronary syndrome, and urinary tract infection), and the use of steroids and tocilizumab. CONCLUSION: Various factors significantly related to the mortality rate of pregnant women with covid-19. This study may become the basis for a further study with a larger number of subjects, adjustment of assessment and management of covid-19 infected pregnant women, thus hopefully reducing the risk of mortality in pregnant women with covid-19.
Risk factors and classification of stillbirth in a Middle Eastern population: a retrospective study.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the incidence of stillbirth, explore the associated maternal and fetal factors and to evaluate the most appropriate classification of stillbirth for a multiethnic population. METHODS: This is a retrospective population-based study of stillbirth in a large tertiary unit. Data of each stillbirth with a gestational age >/=24 weeks in the year 2015 were collected from electronic medical records and analyzed. RESULTS: The stillbirth rate for our multiethnic population is 7.81 per 1000 births. Maternal medical factors comprised 52.4% in which the rates of hypertensive disorders, diabetes and other medical disorders were 22.5%, 20.8% and 8.3%, respectively. The most common fetal factor was intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) (22.5%) followed by congenital anomalies (21.6%). All cases were categorized using the Wigglesworth, Aberdeen, Tulip, ReCoDe and International Classification of Diseases-perinatal mortality (ICD-PM) classifications and the rates of unclassified stillbirths were 59.2%, 46.6%, 16.6%, 11.6% and 7.5%, respectively. An autopsy was performed in 9.1% of cases reflecting local religious and cultural sensitivities. CONCLUSION: This study highlighted the modifiable risk factors among the Middle Eastern population. The most appropriate classification was the ICD-PM. The low rates of autopsy prevented a detailed evaluation of stillbirths, therefore it is suggested that a minimally invasive autopsy [postmortem magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)] may improve the quality of care.
Retinal vascular imaging in early life: insights into processes and risk of cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. In recent years, studies have shown that the origins of CVD may be traced to vascular and metabolic processes in early life. Retinal vascular imaging is a new technology that allows detailed non-invasive in vivo assessment and monitoring of the microvasculature. In this systematic review, we described the application of retinal vascular imaging in children and adolescents, and we examined the use of retinal vascular imaging in understanding CVD risk in early life. We reviewed all publications with quantitative retinal vascular assessment in two databases: PubMed and Scopus. Early life CVD risk factors were classified into four groups: birth risk factors, environmental risk factors, systemic risk factors and conditions linked to future CVD development. Retinal vascular changes were associated with lower birth weight, shorter gestational age, low-fibre and high-sugar diet, lesser physical activity, parental hypertension history, childhood hypertension, childhood overweight/obesity, childhood depression/anxiety and childhood type 1 diabetes mellitus. In summary, there is increasing evidence supporting the view that structural changes in the retinal microvasculature are associated with CVD risk factors in early life. Thus, the retina is a useful site for pre-clinical assessment of microvascular processes that may underlie the future development of CVD in adulthood.
Hormones and cardiovascular health in women.; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) may have their origin before birth: the combination of being small at birth and having an overly rich post-natal diet increases the likelihood of obesity and of acquiring a specific metabolic syndrome in adulthood that carries an increased risk of CVD. The incidence of CVD and mortality is very low in women of reproductive age but rises to a significant level in older women. In this article, we discuss CVD in relation to hormonal contraception, pregnancy and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) in younger women and menopause in older women. Women with PCOS have a higher risk of diabetes and hypertension, but studies to date have not shown an effect on CVD events. Use of combined hormonal contraception has only small effects on CVD because of the low baseline incidence of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and venous thromboembolism (VTE) among young women. Women with existing risk factors or existing CVD, however, should consider alternative contraception. In pregnancy, CVD is rare, although, in the West, it now accounts for a significant proportion of maternal mortality as the frequency of obstetrical causes of mortality has substantially declined. The frequency of VTE is 15 per 10,000 during pregnancy and the post-partum period. In older women, menopause causes a slightly higher risk of MI after allowing for age, although there is substantial heterogeneity in the results of studies on menopause and age at menopause and MI. A larger effect might have been expected, because estrogen reduces the risk of developing atherosclerosis in premenopausal women, whereas in post-menopausal women who may have established atherosclerotic disease, estrogen increases the risk of myocardial disease through the effects on plaque stability and clot formation. Recent trial results indicate that hormone treatment in menopause does not favourably affect the risk of MI, stroke or other vascular disease. Thus, prevention of CVD should rely on diet and fitness, low-dose aspirin and treatment of hypertension, hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidaemia.
Before the patient packs.; Various medical conditions--cardiovascular and pulmonary problems, thrombosis, diabetes, and others--can present special risks and/or problems in travel. These should be discussed as part of a thorough predeparture evaluation with affected patients who are planning overseas travel. In addition, certain travelers may require medical follow-up on their return. Various travel medicine resource organizations, booklets, and books should be made known to all travelers.
Ischemic Heart Disease in Pregnancy.; The reported incidence of ischemic heart disease in pregnancy is 2.8 to 6.2 per 100,000 pregnancies. Although additional factors, such as maternal diabetes, obesity, and hypertension, are risk factors for ischemic heart disease, pregnancy itself more than doubles the risk for acute myocardial infarction. Given the increasing clinical importance of ischemic heart disease during pregnancy, this article addresses underlying pathophysiology, risk stratification, screening, and diagnosis of ischemic heart disease, as well as recommendations for management of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy and the early postpartum period.
Impact of cardiovascular risk factors on incidence and severity of Retinal Vein Occlusion.; PURPOSE: Retinal Vein Occlusion (RVO) is a thrombotic process affecting retinal veins. The purpose of this research is to study demographic characteristics and prevalence of cardiovascular comorbidities among subjects affected by RVO. In addition, authors explore the role of each variable in determining occlusion type and severity. SUBJECTS, MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a prospective observational study recruiting subjects affected by RVO and secondary macular edema. Exclusion criteria included pre-existing macular edema, recent ocular surgery (<6 months), pregnancy, diagnosis other than RVO, diabetes mellitus type I, any systemic pathology that significantly reduced life expectancy. Each participant was studied through a comprehensive medical history, cardiovascular assessment, blood testing, ocular exam, and macular OCT imaging. RESULTS: A total of 145 eyes, 145 participants, thereof 80 males (55%) and 65 females. (45%) Mean age: 62.5 ± 14.3 SD. 61 eyes (42%) were affected by CRVO and 84 eyes (58%) by BRVO. No statistically significant differences were noted between genders. Hypertension was very prevalent (63%). Dyslipidemia was more associated with BRVO (p = 0.044). Subjects with hypertension had a mean central macular thickness (CMT) of 643 µm against a mean of 489 µm of those without hypertension. (p < 0.05). No other variable was associated with macular edema severity. CONCLUSIONS: Older age and hypertension are strong risk factors for RVO. Dyslipidemia was strongly associated with BRVO. (p=0.044) Hypertension was not only associated with RVO incidence, but also with its severity. In fact, hypertensive subjects had significantly worse macular edema.
Medical costs and lost productivity from health conditions at volatile organic compound-contaminated superfund sites.; This paper estimates the health costs at Superfund sites for conditions associated with volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in drinking water. Health conditions were identified from published literature and registry information as occurring at excess rates in VOC-exposed populations. These health conditions were: (1) some categories of birth defects, (2) urinary tract disorders, (3) diabetes, (4) eczema and skin conditions, (5) anemia, (6) speech and hearing impairments in children under 10 years of age, and (7) stroke. Excess rates were used to estimate the excess number of cases occurring among the total population living within one-half mile of 258 Superfund sites. These sites had evidence of completed human exposure pathways for VOCs in drinking water. For each type of medical condition, an individual's expected medical costs, long-term care costs, and lost work time due to illness or premature mortality were estimated. Costs were calculated to be approximately $330 million per year, in the absence of any remediation or public health intervention programs. The results indicate the general magnitude of the economic burden associated with a limited number of contaminants at a portion of all Superfund sites, thus suggesting that the burden would be greater than that estimated in this study if all contaminants at all Superfund sites could be taken into account.
Free IGF-1, Intact IGFBP-4, and PicoPAPP-A are Altered in Acute Myocardial Infarction Compared to Stable Coronary Artery Disease and Healthy Controls.; Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) and its binding proteins have been implicated in the pathophysiology of coronary artery disease (CAD) and myocardial infarction (MI). We investigated components of the IGF-1 system in circulation at the time of acute MI and following reperfusion in relation to levels of stable CAD patients and controls. Patients with MI (MI Group, n=31) treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) were compared to patients with stable CAD subjected to scheduled PCI (CAD Group, n=40) and controls with symptoms mimicking CAD without stenosis in angiography (Control Group, n=43). The number and extent of stenosis were recorded. Total and free IGF-1, total and intact IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-3 and -4, pico-Pregnancy Associated Plasma Protein-A (PAPP-A), and the known markers ALT, AST, CK and CK-MB were measured at baseline and 6 or 24 h after the intervention. Patients with MI had higher free IGF-1 (p=0.003) and PAPP-A (p=0.011), but lower intact IGFBP-4 (p=0.006) compared with patients with stable CAD or healthy controls. None of the investigated molecules changed following reperfusion or correlated with the extent of stenosis. AST (p<0.001), CK (p<0.001) and CK-MB (p<0.001), were also higher. Free IGF-1, intact IGFBP-4 and PAPP-A could predict MI, but with lower accuracy than CK-MB. In conclusion, free IGF-1 levels are higher in MI compared to CAD patients and controls and this could result from increased cleavage of its binding protein IGFBP-4 by the higher PAPP-A levels. Free IGF-1, intact IGFBP-4, and/or PAPP-A are inferior to CK-MB as predictors or markers of myocardial damage.
Coffee for Cardioprotection and Longevity.; Coffee, a complex brew containing hundreds of biologically active compounds, exerts potent effects on long-term human health. Recently, a plethora of studies have been published focusing on health outcomes associated with coffee intake. An inverse association between coffee consumption and all-cause mortality has been seen consistently in large prospective studies. Habitual coffee consumption is also associated with lower risks for cardiovascular (CV) death and a variety of adverse CV outcomes, including coronary heart disease (CHD), congestive heart failure (HF), and stroke; coffee's effects on arrhythmias and hypertension are neutral. Coffee consumption is associated with improvements in some CV risk factors, including type 2 diabetes (T2D), depression, and obesity. Chronic coffee consumption also appears to protect against some neurodegenerative diseases, and is associated with improved asthma control, and lower risks for liver disease and cancer. Habitual intake of 3 to 4 cups of coffee appears to be safe and is associated with the most robust beneficial effects. However, most of the studies regarding coffee's health effects are based on observational data, with very few randomized controlled trials. Furthermore, the possible benefits of coffee drinking must be weighed against potential risks, which are generally due to its high caffeine content, including anxiety, insomnia, headaches, tremulousness, and palpitations. Coffee may also increase risk of fracture in women, and when consumed in pregnancy coffee increases risk for low birth weight and preterm labor.
[Retrospective study of 60 cases of uterine rupture at the Maternity Center of Monastir, Tunisia].; Uterine rupture is a life-threatening obstetric complication. The purpose of this study was to investigate the epidemiological features, maternal and foetal prognosis and different treatment options for uterine rupture in healthy and scarred uteri. We conducted a retrospective monocentric descriptive and analytical study of 60 cases of uterine rupture collected in the Department of Gynaecology-Obstetrics of the Center of Maternity and Neonatology, Monastir, from 2017 to 2021. Patients were classified according to the presence or absence of a uterine scar. Sixty patients were enrolled in the study. The majority of cases of rupture occurred in patients with scarred uterus (n=55). The most common clinical sign was abnormal foetal heart rate. No maternal deaths were recorded and perinatal mortality rate was 11%. Mean BMI, fetal macrosomia rate and mean parity were significantly higher in the healthy uterus group than in the scarred uterus group (p=0.033, 0.018, and 0.013, respectively). The maternal complications studied (post-partum haemorrhage, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, prolonged hospitalisation) were significantly more frequent in patients with unscarred uterine rupture (p=0.039; p=0.032; p=0.009; p=0.025 respectively). Uterine rupture is a life-threatening obstetrical event for the foetus and the mother. Fetal heart rate abnormality is the most common sign associated with uterine rupture. Management is based on conservative treatment in most cases. Patients with scarred uterus have a better prognosis.
OS010. Use of retinal imaging to characterise physiological vascularchanges throughout pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: Visualisation of the microcirculation through retinal imaging can provide information on the health of systemic vasculature. Characterisation of the retinal vasculature throughout pregnancy using retinal imaging is a novel approach to examine physiological changes to the cardiovascular system, and may be useful to predict early pathophysiological signs of adverse maternal outcomes. OBJECTIVES: To characterise the retinal vascular and blood pressure (BP) changes that occur throughout a healthy pregnancy. METHODS: Data was collected from women recruited at 13±2 weeks of gestation from Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, a major tertiary referral hospital in Sydney, Australia. Retinal images centred on the optic disc and BP readings were collected throughout pregnancy. Postnatal data was collected from medical records, and women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus were excluded. This left a final group of 19 women. Retinal images from 13±2, 19±2, 29±2 and 38±2 weeks gestation were graded using semi-automated retinal vascular calibre measurement (IVAN) software and the central retinal arteriolar equivalent (CRAE), and central retinal venular equivalent (CRVE). BP data was collected at the same time points as the retinal images. Analysis of data was performed using paired t-tests and repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA). Women with missing data points were excluded from the analysis at the relevant time points. RESULTS: Over the course of pregnancy, there was a significant dilatation of retinal arterioles between 13±2 and 19±2weeks (from 166.4 to 172.7μm, SE: 3.7μm, n=19, p=0.01), corresponding to a significant fall in diastolic BP during this time (from 64.6 to 60.2mmHg, SE: 1.5mmHg, p=0.01). No significant changes in venular diameter or systolic BP were noted. Between 19±2 and 29±2weeks (n=4), no significant changes to retinal arteriolar or venular diameter were seen although there were significant increases in both systolic and diastolic BP (SBP: from 100.3 to 109.9mmHg, SE: 1.9mmHg, p=0.01; DBP: from 59.3 to 64.6mmHg, SE: 6.9mmHg, p=0.01). Between 29±2 and 38±2weeks (n=3), no significant changes in retinal arteriolar, and venular diameter or BP were observed. CONCLUSION: An increase in retinal arteriolar diameter between 13±2 and 19±2 weeks gestation was observed, which corresponded to a decrease in both systolic and diastolic BP. However, between 19±2 and 29±2 weeks there was no change in vasculature, even though there was a significant increase in BP. By characterising the changes to retinal vessels that occur throughout a healthy pregnancy, we can further our understanding of the response of the systemic vasculature to pregnancy, which may provide clues to early vascular disease of pregnancies.
Insulin secretion and incretin hormone concentration in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: We examined the change in the levels of incretin hormone and effects of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) on insulin secretion in women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM). METHODS: A 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was conducted on 34 women with pGDM. In addition, 11 women with normal glucose tolerance, matched for age, height and weight, were also tested. The insulin, GIP, GLP-1, and glucagon concentrations were measured, and their anthropometric and biochemical markers were also measured. RESULTS: Among 34 women with pGDM, 18 had normal glucose tolerance, 13 had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and 1 had diabetes. No significant differences were found in GLP-1 concentration between the pGDM and control group. However, a significantly high level of glucagon was present in the pGDM group at 30 minutes into the OGTT. The GIP concentration was elevated at 30 minutes and 60 minutes in the pGDM group. With the exception of the 30-minute timepoint, women with IGT had significantly high blood glucose from 0 to 120 minutes. However, there was no significant difference in insulin or GLP-1 concentration. The GIP level was significantly high from 0 to 90 minutes in patients diagnosed with IGT. CONCLUSION: GLP-1 secretion does not differ between pGDM patients and normal women. GIP was elevated, but that does not seem to induce in increase in insulin secretion. Therefore, we conclude that other factors such as heredity and environment play important roles in the development of type 2 diabetes.
Correlative research of the incidence of preeclampsia and sperm exposure.; PURPOSE: This study aimed to evaluate the incidence of preeclampsia after a long duration or a short duration of sperm exposure with the biological father. METHODS: Analyze the clinical and follow-up data of 502 single birth primigravid women in Women's Hospital, School of Medicine, Zhejiang University. They were divided into two groups according to the duration of sperm exposure with the biological father, short duration of sperm exposure (≤ 3 months) and long duration of sperm exposure (≥ 12 months). Basic information and clinical characteristics in each group were evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 502 patients were followed, included 122 long duration of sperm exposure and 380 short duration of sperm exposure. Patients in the long duration group were younger than the short group (aged 31.49 ± 3.21 vs 27.49 ± 3.21 years, P < 0.001). These two groups had no statistical significant in patient's body mass index, education level, gestational age, birth weight, fetal birth weight, fetal sex and delivery mode (P > 0.05). Stratified analysis with the cutoff of 30 year-old suggested that the incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH)/preeclampsia (PE) of short duration group was significantly higher than the long duration group (OR 2.82; 95% CI 1.08-7.41), so as PE (OR 10.28; 95% CI 1.01-105.02). Stratified analysis suggested no significantly increased or decreased risk for PIH (OR 1.59; 95% CI 0.54-4.68), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 0.6; 95% CI 0.31-1.18), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (OR 2.49; 95% CI 0.34-18.48) or fetal anomaly (OR 0.4; 95% CI 0.14-1.20). CONCLUSION: A long duration of sperm exposure with the biological father may reduce the incidence of PE.
Pregnancy in women with complete transposition of the great arteries following the atrial switch procedure. A study from three of the largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease centers in Poland.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to identify maternal/neonatal and cardiovascular complications in pregnant women with complete transposition of great arteries (D-TGA) following atrial switch. METHODS: Clinical records of all women with D-TGA after the Mustard/Senning (M/S) operation who were followed at the three largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease (ACHD) centers in Poland were reviewed. RESULTS: Fifteen of the fifty-nine women followed had a total of 24 pregnancies, including two spontaneous miscarriages. Twenty-two pregnancies (92%) resulted in a live birth, 91% were by cesarean section. During 5 (23%) of the 22 completed pregnancies obstetric complications were observed (one gestational diabetes, one hypertension in pregnancy, one placenta increta and two preterm labors). The mean pregnancy duration was 37.2 weeks (range: 26-41 weeks).We observed one neonatal death due to extreme prematurity. Six (25%) children had a birth weight of ≤2500 g. None of women had severe cardiac complications during pregnancy nor in the postpartum period. CONCLUSIONS: In our study, we demonstrated a large number of obstetric complications and low birth weight in the presence of a systemic right ventricle. However, from a cardiologist's point of view pregnancy after the M/S operation was well-tolerated and relatively safe.
The Aortic Isthmus: A Significant yet Underexplored Watershed of the Fetal Circulation.; The aortic isthmus (AoI) is a unique fetal watershed with a waveform reflecting its complex haemodynamic physiology. The systolic component represents left and right ventricular systolic ejection, and the diastolic component represents comparative downstream vascular impedance between the brachiocephalic and subdiaphragmatic fetal circulations. Several indices have been devised to quantify different components of the waveform, including the pulsatility index, resistance index, isthmic flow index, and recently the isthmic systolic index. There have been promising preliminary studies applying these indices to both cardiac (congenital) and extracardiac pathologies, including intrauterine growth restriction and twin-twin transfusion syndrome. However, the waveform's multifactorial origin has proven to be challenging, and the difficulty in separating various components of the waveform could explain that AoI evaluation does not have a clear clinical utility. Further research is underway to realise the full potential of this vessel in fetal cardiac and haemodynamically compromised pathological conditions. In this review article we outline the physiological origin of this Doppler waveform, describe in detail the various published indices, summarise the published literature to date, and finally outline potential future research and hopefully clinical applications.
The profile of high-risk pregnancy in El-Mansoura city.; Proper screening techniques should be used for all pregnant women attending antenatal clinics to pick up the factors that qualify the pregnant women for a risky pregnancy. High-risk pregnancy identification is a challenging work. This study aimed to describe the profile of high-risk pregnancy in El-Mansoura city. The study was conducted on 750 pregnant women attending antenatal clinics in three hospitals in El-Mansoura city, where 250 women were chosen from each setting. A modified version of Morrison and Olsen (1979) high risk scoring inventory tool was used to collect the socioeconomic, biological, medical, reproductive and current pregnancy risk factors in the study sample. It also assessed the risk level whether low, moderate or high. The results revealed that among all women, 63.8% of the sample were at a high-risk, while 25.0 % of them were at a moderate-risk and only 11.2% were at low-risk. About 70.0% of the high-risk pregnant women were in their third trimester followed by 23.0% in the second trimester and only 7.1% were in the first trimester. About 5.9% of the women were at a high-risk because of polluted housing condition, 1.9% because of heart diseases Class capital I, Ukrainian or II, 5.2% because of diabetes mellitus, 4.2% because of hypertension and 14.9% because of previous cesarean section. On the other hand 14.8% women were at moderate risk because of their illiteracy, 29.2% of them for being short, 14.7%, 10.6% of them because of being teenagers or over 35 years of age, respectively, 12.6% of because they had a history of gestational diabetes and 32.8%of them because of anemia, 23.2% because urinary tract infection, 16.9% because of albuminuria, and 12.0% because of glucoseuria. Finally identifying the profile of high -risk pregnancy women is mandatory.
Eating Habits During Pregnancy of Women Giving Birth Very Prematurely: An Exploratory Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Preterm birth is increasing worldwide, representing a major cause of death and long-term loss of human potential among survivors. Some morbidities during pregnancy are well-known risk factors for preterm labor, but it is not yet known whether deviations from adequate dietary patterns are associated with preterm delivery. Diet may be an important modulator of chronic inflammation, and pro-inflammatory diets during pregnancy were reported to be associated with preterm birth. The aim of this study was to assess the food consumption during pregnancy of Portuguese women giving birth very prematurely and the association between the food consumption and the major maternal morbidities during pregnancy related with preterm delivery. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A single-center cross-sectional observational study including consecutive Portuguese women giving birth before 33 weeks of gestation was conducted. Recall of eating habits during pregnancy was obtained within the first week after delivery, using a semi quantitative food frequency questionnaire validated for Portuguese pregnant women. RESULTS: Sixty women with a median age of 36.0 years were included. Of these, 35% were obese or overweight at the beginning of pregnancy, 41.7% and 25.0% gained excessive or insufficient weight during pregnancy, respectively. Pregnancy-induced hypertension was present in 21.7% of cases, gestational diabetes in 18.3%, chronic hypertension in 6.7%, and type 2 diabetes mellitus in 5.0%. Pregnancy-induced hypertension was significantly associated with increased daily consumption of pastry products (31.2 vs 10.0 g, p = 0.022), fast food (39.6 vs 29.7 g, p = 0.028), bread (90.0 vs 50.0 g, p = 0.005), pasta, rice and potatoes (225.7 vs 154.3 g, p = 0.012). In a multivariate analysis, only bread consumption maintained a significant, albeit weak, association (OR = 1.021; 1.003 - 1.038, p = 0.022). CONCLUSION: Pregnancy-induced hypertension was associated with increased consumption of pastry products, fast food, bread, pasta, rice, and potatoes, although only bread consumption had a weak but statistically significant association with pregnancy-induced hypertension in a multivariate analysis.
Sex differences in type 2 diabetes.; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasing in both sexes, but men are usually diagnosed at a younger age and lower body fat mass than women. Worldwide, an estimated 17.7 million more men than women have diabetes mellitus. Women appear to bear a greater risk factor burden at the time of their type 2 diabetes diagnosis, especially obesity. Moreover, psychosocial stress might play a more prominent role in diabetes risk in women. Across their lifespan, women experience greater hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors than men. Pregnancies can unmask pre-existing metabolic abnormalities, resulting in the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which appears to be the most prominent risk factor for progression to type 2 diabetes in women. Additionally, menopause increases women's cardiometabolic risk profile. Due to the progressive rise in obesity, there is a global increase in women with pregestational type 2 diabetes, often with inadequate preconceptual care. There are differences between men and women regarding type 2 diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors with respect to comorbidities, the manifestation of complications and the initiation of and adherence to therapy. Women with type 2 diabetes show greater relative risk of CVD and mortality than men. Moreover, young women with type 2 diabetes are currently less likely than men to receive the treatment and CVD risk reduction recommended by guidelines. Current medical recommendations do not provide information on sex-specific or gender-sensitive prevention strategies and management. Thus, more research on sex differences, including the underlying mechanisms, is necessary to increase the evidence in the future. Nonetheless, intensified efforts to screen for glucose metabolism disorders and other cardiovascular risk factors, as well as the early establishment of prophylactic measures and aggressive risk management strategies, are still required for both men and women at increased risk of type 2 diabetes. In this narrative review we aim to summarise sex-specific clinical features and differences between women and men with type 2 diabetes into risk factors, screening, diagnosis, complications and treatment.
A More Selective vs a Standard Risk-Stratified, Heparin-Based, Obstetric Thromboprophylaxis Protocol.; IMPORTANCE: In 2016, our institution adopted a pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylaxis protocol based on American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines that recommended postpartum heparin-based chemoprophylaxis (enoxaparin) based on a risk-stratified algorithm. In response to increased wound hematomas without significant reduction in VTE using this protocol, a more selective risk-stratified approach was adopted in 2021. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate outcomes of the more selective risk-stratified approach to heparin-based obstetric thromboprophylaxis (enoxaparin) protocol. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Retrospective observational study of 17 489 patients who delivered at a single tertiary care center in the southeast US between January 1, 2016, and December 31, 2018 (original protocol), and between December 1, 2021, and May 31, 2023 (more selective protocol). Patients receiving outpatient anticoagulation for active VTE or high VTE risk during pregnancy were excluded. EXPOSURE: Standard risk-stratified and more selective postpartum VTE chemoprophylaxis protocols. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was clinical diagnosis of wound hematoma up to 6 weeks pos tpartum. The secondary outcome was new diagnosis of VTE up to 6 weeks post partum. We compared baseline characteristics and outcomes between groups and estimated adjusted odds ratios with 95% CIs of primary and secondary outcomes using the original protocol group as reference. RESULTS: Of 17 489 patients included in the analysis, 12 430 (71%) were in the original protocol group and 5029 (29%) were in the more selective group. Rates of chemoprophylaxis decreased from 16% (original protocol) to 8% (more selective protocol). Patients in the more selective group were more likely to be older, be married, and have obesity or other comorbidities (hypertension, diabetes, cardiac disease). Compared with the original protocol, the more selective protocol was associated with a decrease in any wound hematoma (0.7% vs 0.3%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.38; 95% CI, 0.21-0.67), specifically due to a lower rate of superficial wound hematomas (0.6% vs 0.3%; aOR, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.24-0.75). There was no significant increase in VTE or individual types of VTE (0.1% vs 0.1%; aOR, 0.40; 95% CI, 0.12-1.36). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: A more selective risk-stratified approach to an enoxaparin thromboprophylaxis protocol for VTE was associated with decreased rates of wound hematomas without increased rates of postpartum VTE.
[Preeclampsia as cardiovascular risk factor].; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the primary cause of death in women. Guidelines for identifying high-risk individuals have been developed, e.g. the Dutch Guideline on Cardiovascular Risk Management. In the most recent version of this guideline, diabetes mellitus (DM) and rheumatoid arthritis (RA) are cited as cardiovascular risk factors; therefore, individuals with these conditions are identified as being at high risk. As with DM and RA, there is strong evidence that the experience of having a hypertensive disorder during pregnancy is a cardiovascular risk factor. This is particularly the case for early preeclampsia, which constitutes a 7-fold increased risk of ischemic heart disease. However, in the Netherlands, there are no guidelines and there is no consensus on how to screen or treat these women. Trial evidence is therefore urgently needed to substantiate the value of cardiovascular risk management for those women with a history of hypertension during pregnancy.
Pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease - early prevention strategies warranted.; We summarize convincing evidence that future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk increases one-fold to four-fold for women with a history of pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, placental abruption and preterm birth. A concomitant occurrence of two or more complications in the same pregnancy further potentiates the risk. These women should be informed of their future CVD risks during the postpartum check-up taking place after delivery, and also, if needed, treated, for example, for persisting high blood pressure. In these women with high blood pressure, check-up should take place within 7-10 days, and if severe hypertension, within 72 h. Women without diagnostic signs and symptoms should be examined for the first time 1-2 years postpartum and then at intervals of 2-3 years for a complete CVD risk profile including clinical and laboratory assessments. Women should be informed for future CVD risks and their effective prevention with healthy lifestyle factors. Combined oral contraceptives should be avoided or used with caution. If laboratory or other clinical findings indicate, then vigorous treatments consisting of non-medical and medical (antihypertensives, statins, antidiabetic and anti-obesity therapies) interventions should be initiated early with liberal indications and with ambitious therapeutic goals. Low-dose aspirin and menopausal hormone therapy should be used in selected cases. Active control and treatment policies of these women with pregnancy-related risks will likely result in decreases of CVD occurrence in later life.
Apelin/APJ system: A novel therapeutic target for oxidative stress-related inflammatory diseases (Review).; Apelin, the endogenous ligand of APJ which is a member of G protein-coupled receptors, has been shown to be expressed in a variety of tissues in vivo and to exert significant biological effects. Studies have indicated that the apelin/APJ system is involved in the regulation of a variety of physiological functions and pathological processes, and that it is associated with cardiovascular diseases (such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, heart failure and myocardial injury), diabetes with microvascular complications, ischemia reperfusion injury, tumors, pre-eclampsia, as well as others. The occurrence of these diseases is closely related to endothelial dysfunction and the local inflammatory response; however, the occurrence of oxidative stress is related to vascular injury, due to the excessive generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and can lead to vascular damage and a series of inflammatory reactions. Therefore, this review summarizes the association between apelin/APJ, oxidative stress and inflammation-related diseases. In addition, drugs targeting the apelin/APJ system are recommended, thus providing a novel therapeutic strategy for oxidative stress-related inflammatory diseases.
[Periconceptional maternal homocysteine and birth weight outcomes in offspring: a prospective cohort study].; Objective: To quantify the associations between periconceptional maternal homocysteine (HCY) and offspring's birth weight and risk of small for gestational age (SGA) infant. Methods: The 19 984 mother-child pairs in this prospective cohort study were recruited from the Shanghai preconception cohort; the infants were delivered from 1(st) September 2016 to 11(th) November 2022. A standardized questionnaire was used to collect the mothers' demographic information, medical history, dietary supplement use, and maternal complications during pregnancy, and their serum samples were collected. Serum HCY, folate, and vitamin B(12) were measured using chemiluminescent microparticle immunoassay based on serum sample drawn at enrollment. Birth weight data were obtained from medical records. Multiple imputation methods were applied to handle missing data in key variables. Multivariable linear regression and Poisson regression models were used to analyze the relationship between maternal HCY concentration during the periconceptional period and the birth weight and SGA risk of the offspring. Results: A total of 9 452 pairs were enrolled preconceptionally and the remaining 10 532 pairs were enrolled in early pregnancy. The proportion of mothers whose pregnancy age was greater than 35 years was 9.2% (1 832/19 984), the proportion of primiparous women was 76.5% (15 283/19 984), the proportion of pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity was 14.0% (2 804/19 984), the proportion of using folic acid supplements before pregnancy was 21.4% (4 272/19 984), and the proportion of those who supplemented with folic acid during early pregnancy was 85.2% (8 976/10 532); gestational diabetes mellitus was in 6.2% (1 245/19 984), gestational hypertensive syndrome in 3.6% (711/19 984). The birth weight of the offspring was (3 297±468) g, and there were 1 962 SGA children (9.8%). The HCY concentration in the overall population in appropriate for gestational age during the periconceptional period was (7.9±3.2) μmol/L, with (8.3±3.7) μmol/L in the preconception subgroup and (7.3±2.4) μmol/L in the early pregnancy subgroup. After adjustment for the covariates of perinatal demographic information, adverse pregnancy outcomes, serum folate and vitamin B(12), increased maternal periconceptional HCY was significantly associated with lower offspring birth weight (β=-2.30, 95%CI -4.43--0.16, P=0.035). Only the early pregnancy subgroup was significantly associated with lower offspring birth weight (β=-7.39, 95%CI-11.50--3.21, P<0.001). No association was found between peripregnancy HCY and offspring SGA risk. However, elevated HCY in early pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of SGA in the offspring (RR=1.05, 95%CI 1.01-1.08, P=0.002). Periconceptional vitamin B(12) was a mediator of the association between HCY and offspring birth weight, accounting for 16.5%, 41.2% and 5.4% of its total effect in the overall periconceptional population, the pre-pregnancy subgroup and the early pregnancy subgroup, respectively. Conclusions: Maternal periconceptional HCY level is associated with lower birth weight in offspring, but not with the risk of SGA. Elevated maternal HCY in early pregnancy subgroup may be associated with increased risk of SGA in offspring.
Elective cesarean delivery and long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring - a population-based cohort analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of cesarean delivery (CD) on offspring risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort analysis was performed, including all singleton term deliveries occurring between 1991 and 2014 at a single tertiary medical center. A comparison was performed between children delivered via CD and those delivered vaginally. Fetuses with cardiac or other congenital malformations were excluded, as were cases of urgent CD and pregnancies involving preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, labor induction, fetal growth restriction, preterm PROM, and instrumental deliveries. Hospitalizations of the offspring up to 18 years of age involving cardiovascular morbidity were compared between the two study groups. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve compared cumulative cardiovascular morbidity incidence and a Cox regression model controlled for confounders. RESULTS: Of the 132,054 term deliveries who met the inclusion criteria; 8.9% were CDs (n = 11,746) and 91.1% (n = 120,308) were vaginal deliveries. Cardiovascular hospitalization incidence per 1000 person follow up years was 0.742 in the CD group and 0.054 in the comparison group (HR = 1.3, 95%CI 1.051-1.710, p = .018). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular morbidity following CD (log rank p = .018). In the Cox proportional hazards model, CD was noted as an independent risk factor for offspring long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.295, CI 1.005-1.668, p = .04) when controlling for maternal age, obesity, ethnicity, gestational age, newborn gender, low birthweight, maternal preexisting cardiovascular disease, and deliveries occurring after 2008. CONCLUSION: Singletons delivered by CD at term have an increased risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity.
Relationship of circulating adipokines to body composition in pregnant women.; Circulating adipokines are associated with physiological and pathophysiological processes in both obesity and pregnancy. Obesity in pregnancy increases the risk of pregnancy complications and the majority of research uses body mass index (BMI) to assess fatness. Specific fat compartments are associated with obesity-induced health risks yet it is not known how abdominal fat mass in pregnancy is related to circulating adipokines. Plasma leptin, resistin, visfatin, and adiponectin were measured by immunoassay in healthy pregnant women of normal weight (BMI 18.5-24.9; n = 17) and overweight/obese pregnant women (BMI 25.0-40, n = 21) in the third trimester. Total body and abdominal subcutaneous and visceral fat mass were measured at 1-3 weeks postpartum. Overweight/obese women had greater total body fat (t = -6.210, P < 0.001) and abdominal subcutaneous fat (t = -5.072, P < 0.001) than normal-weight women while there was no difference in abdominal visceral fat. Overweight/obese women had higher leptin (66.3 ± 34.2 vs. 35.7 ± 19.3 ng/mL, P < 0.001) compared to normal-weight women. Leptin was associated with total body fat (r = 0.782, P < 0.001) and resistin was associated with abdominal visceral fat (r = 0.452, P = 0.045). No significant correlations were observed between adiponectin or visfatin and any measure of body composition. In pregnant women, resistin has the potential to be a circulating biomarker for visceral fat, an ectopic fat compartment. These observational data may provide insight for the pathophysiological roles of adipokines and the impact of visceral fat in pregnant women.
Comparative heel stick study showed that newborn infants who had undergone repeated painful procedures showed increased short-term pain responses.; AIM: We evaluated the short-term effect of repeated pain exposure on the pain responses of newborn infants using different pain assessment methods, as this area had been under-researched. METHODS: We compared 20 term, large for gestational age infants and 40 term, appropriate for gestational age controls. All had undergone a heel stick for a newborn screening test just before discharge, but the larger babies had also undergone at least other five painful stimuli prior to that. A pulse oximeter and a skin conductance algesimeter (SCA) were connected to the babies during the heel prick, and video recordings were made. Crying time, the Neonatal Infant Pain Scale (NIPS), heart rate, peripheral oxygen saturation (SpO(2) ) and SCA measurements were compared within and between the groups. RESULTS: After the heel prick, the crying time (p = 0.021) and NIPS (p = 0.013) scores were significantly higher in the study group and the SpO(2) levels were significantly lower (p = 0.009), but the heart rate (p = 0.981) was not significantly different between the groups. SCA measurements did not differ significantly between the groups. CONCLUSION: Babies who received more painful stimuli during the first few days of life showed greater pain responses during a subsequent heel prick.
Cardiovascular health and cancer risk associated with plant based diets: An umbrella review.; CONTEXT: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and cancer are the two main leading causes of death and disability worldwide. Suboptimal diet, poor in vegetables, fruits, legumes and whole grain, and rich in processed and red meat, refined grains, and added sugars, is a primary modifiable risk factor. Based on health, economic and ethical concerns, plant-based diets have progressively widespread worldwide. OBJECTIVE: This umbrella review aims at assessing the impact of animal-free and animal-products-free diets (A/APFDs) on the risk factors associated with the development of cardiometabolic diseases, cancer and their related mortalities. DATA SOURCES: PubMed and Scopus were searched for reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses published from 1st January 2000 to 31st June 2023, written in English and involving human subjects of all ages. Primary studies and reviews/meta-analyses based on interventional trials which used A/APFDs as a therapy for people with metabolic diseases were excluded. DATA EXTRACTION: The umbrella review approach was applied for data extraction and analysis. The revised AMSTAR-R 11-item tool was applied to assess the quality of reviews/meta-analyses. RESULTS: Overall, vegetarian and vegan diets are significantly associated with better lipid profile, glycemic control, body weight/BMI, inflammation, and lower risk of ischemic heart disease and cancer. Vegetarian diet is also associated with lower mortality from CVDs. On the other hand, no difference in the risk of developing gestational diabetes and hypertension were reported in pregnant women following vegetarian diets. Study quality was average. A key limitation is represented by the high heterogeneity of the study population in terms of sample size, demography, geographical origin, dietary patterns, and other lifestyle confounders. CONCLUSIONS: Plant-based diets appear beneficial in reducing cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as CVDs, cancer risk and mortality. However, caution should be paid before broadly suggesting the adoption of A/AFPDs since the strength-of-evidence of study results is significantly limited by the large study heterogeneity alongside the potential risks associated with potentially restrictive regimens.
Cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons born after ART with frozen and fresh embryo transfer.; STUDY QUESTION: Do 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after frozen embryo transfer (FET) or fresh embryo transfer (Fresh-ET) have increased arterial stiffness compared to naturally conceived (NC) children? SUMMARY ANSWER: The process of FET or Fresh-ET is not associated with altered cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons, including arterial stiffness, as compared to NC children. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: ART has been suggested to influence cardiovascular risk factors (i.e. endothelial dysfunction, increased arterial blood pressure and insulin resistance). It is not known if ART procedures alter arterial stiffness in singletons. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A cohort study was carried out, including 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after FET, Fresh-ET and NC children (50 children in each group). This study was conducted between November 2018 and August 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: In total, 150 singletons were identified through the Danish IVF Registry and the Medical Birth Registry. They underwent cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) and anthropometric measurements. Parental data were collected using questionnaires. NC children were matched by sex and birth year with FET/Fresh-ET children. Exclusion criteria were congenital heart disease, maternal gestational diabetes or maternal diabetes mellitus. Our primary outcome was arterial stiffness, which is assessed from noninvasive arterial blood pressure and aortic ascendens distensibility. The secondary outcome was the pulse wave velocity of total aorta and exploratory outcomes were left ventricular ejection fraction, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output and total peripheral resistance. Measurements and analyses were performed blinded to the child group. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Aortic ascendens distensibility of children conceived after FET and Fresh-ET did not differ from NC children (mean (SD): FET 11.1 (3.6) 10-3 mmHg-1, Fresh-ET 11.8 (3.0) 10-3 mmHg-1, NC 11.4 (2.8) 10-3 mmHg-1, P > 0.05). Multivariate linear regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders (i.e. child sex and age, maternal BMI at early pregnancy and maternal educational level). Data showed no statistically significant differences between study groups and aortic ascendens distensibility. However, the fully adjusted model showed a non-significant tendency of lowered aortic ascendens distensibility in children born after FET compared to Fresh-ET (β estimate (95% CI): -0.99 10-3 mmHg-1 (-2.20; 0.21)) and NC children (β estimate (95% CI): -0.77 10-3 mmHg-1 (-1.98; 0.44)). Lastly, secondary and exploratory outcomes did not differ between the groups. Primary and secondary outcomes showed good intra-rater reliability. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: This study is possibly limited by potential selection bias as the participation rate was higher in the ART compared to the NC group. Also, in some variables, the study groups differed slightly from the non-participant population. The non-participant population (n = 1770) included those who were excluded, not invited to CMR scan, or declined to participate in this study. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings indicate that children born after FET or Fresh-ET do not have altered cardiovascular function, including arterial stiffness. This is reassuring for the future use of ART. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation (grant reference number: NNF19OC0054340) and The Research Foundation of Rigshospitalet. All authors declared no conflict of interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03719703.
Medications for Pregnant Women With Obesity: Special Considerations.; Pregnant women with obesity are at increased risk of a multitude of complications of pregnancy and adverse perinatal outcomes. The risk of some of these complications, such as neural tube defects or preeclampsia, may be mitigated by some medications. Other complications, such as diabetes, venous thromboembolism, and infections, require treatment with medications. Given the changes in pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics during pregnancy, which is further enhanced by obesity, the optimal medication and its dose is often researched. This chapter further explores the different complications and common medications that women with obesity are likely to require.
Tissues Derived From Reprogrammed Wharton's Jelly Stem Cells of the Umbilical Cord Provide an Ideal Platform to Study the Effects of Glucose, Zika Virus, and Other Agents on the Fetus.; The infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. It has been difficult to study the direct effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the fetus because of inaccessibility of fetal tissues. The development of tissues that simulate the function of fetal organs using stem cell technology provides an unprecedented opportunity to study this disorder. Stem cells in the Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord (hWJSCs), possess unique properties that are different from other stem cells. They are primitive, present in large numbers, non-tumorigenic, hypoimmunogenic, tumoricidal, and carry a genetic signature that represents the fetus. They are multipotent but their differentiation into functional pancreatic and cardiovascular tissues has been challenging. We have been able to reprogram hWJSCs from normal and GDM cords into induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from which a variety of functional fetal tissues including insulin-producing and cardiovascular tissues could be derived. Such tissues from reprogrammed hWJSCs of normal and GDM cords that physiologically and genetically mimic the fetus of the diabetic or non-diabetic mother are an ideal platform to study the effects of glucose, the Zika virus, and other harmful agents on the fetus. The immature stemness phenotype of hWJSCs, easy accessibility, availability in large numbers without the need for propagation, and lower risk of accumulation of epigenetic mutations make them the most attractive candidate over other umbilical cord cell types for reprogramming. Additionally, some of their beneficial genes may be retained in memory in the iPSCs derived from them. J. Cell. Biochem. 118: 437-441, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus: particular considerations in the management of diabetic women.; In the past 30 years, the all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality rates for women with diabetes mellitus (DM), in contrast to men, have not declined. Furthermore, the difference between all-cause mortality rates in women with DM and those without DM has more than doubled. This urgently needs addressing. This review will analyse published medical literature relating to the specific management of DM in women and try to identify areas where gender affects care. We have identified specific gender differences in the pathophysiology of glucose homeostasis disorder, diabetes-related complications and any female gender-specific features of women with diabetes, such as contraception and the menopause. These gender-specific features of DM may offer a route to improved care for women and new therapeutic possibilities.
Chronic maternal hyperglycemia induced during mid-pregnancy in rats increases RAGE expression, augments hippocampal excitability, and alters behavior of the offspring.; Maternal diabetes during pregnancy may increase the risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in the offspring by increasing inflammation. A major source of inflammatory signaling observed in diabetes is activation of the receptor for advanced glycation end-products (RAGE), and increased RAGE expression has been reported in psychiatric disorders. Thus, we sought to examine whether maternal diabetes creates a proinflammatory state, triggered largely by RAGE signaling, that alters normal brain development and behavior of the offspring. We tested this hypothesis in rats using the streptozotocin (STZ; 50mg/kg; i.p.) model of diabetes induced during mid-pregnancy. Following STZ treatment, we observed a significant increase in RAGE protein expression in the forebrain of the offspring (postnatal day 1). Data obtained from whole-cell patch clamping of hippocampal neurons in cultures from the offspring of STZ-treated dams revealed a striking increase in excitability. When tested in a battery of behavioral tasks in early adulthood, the offspring of STZ-treated dams had significantly lower prepulse inhibition, reduced anxiety-like behavior, and altered object-place preference when compared to control offspring. In an operant-based strategy set-shifting task, STZ offspring did not differ from controls on an initial visual discrimination or reversal learning but took significantly longer to shift to a new strategy (i.e., set-shift). Insulin replacement with an implantable pellet in the dams reversed the effects of maternal diabetes on RAGE expression, hippocampal excitability, prepulse inhibition and object-place memory, but not anxiety-like behavior or set-shifting. Taken together, these results suggest that chronic maternal hyperglycemia alters normal hippocampal development and behavior of the offspring, effects that may be mediated by increased RAGE signaling in the fetal brain.
Role of periodontal therapy in management of common complex systemic diseases and conditions: An update.; The goal of this review is to summarize the results of randomized trials reported since 2010 that assessed the effect of periodontal interventions on at least one systemic outcome in human subjects of any age, gender or ethnicity. Oral outcome measures included gingivitis, pocket depth, clinical attachment loss and/or radiographic bone loss and oral hygiene indices. Studies were excluded if the trial was not completed or if treatment was not randomized. The results suggest that nonsurgical periodontal intervention provided to pregnant women is safe and improves periodontal status without preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes. Nonsurgical periodontal intervention was also found to provide modest improvement in glycemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus and periodontitis. Also, improving oral care through mechanical or chemical control of dental-plaque biofilm formation can contribute to the prevention of respiratory infections in differing clinical settings, including hospitals and nursing homes, and in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No clinical trials were reported that tested the effect of periodontal interventions on medical outcomes of atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, stroke, rheumatoid arthritis, Alzheimer's disease, chronic kidney disease or malignant neoplasia.
[Hypertension in pregnancy and future maternal health].; Preeclampsia is a specific risk factor chronic of hypertension, of coronary events (Ray et al., 2005), of stroke (Brown et al., 2006), of chronic renal failure (Kattah and Garovic, 2005; McDonald et al., 2003; Williams, 2003) and a specific risk factor of cardio-cerebrovascular mortality (Magnussen et al., 2009). According to Magnusson et al. (2009), the relative long-term risk of developing hypertension is multiplied by 4; the risk of diabetes and metabolic syndrome multiplied by 3; the risk of coronary heart disease and stroke multiplied by 2. Cardiovascular risk is particularly important when pregnancy was complicated by maternal and fetal events or occurring precociously (Williams, 2003; Newstead et al., 2007). Early PE is associated with a relative risk of death by 7 of CV disease. Several pathophysiological factors are common between CV disease and preeclampsia: endothelial dysfunction, hypertension, obesity, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia and CV heredity. Metabolic syndrome could be the link between preeclampsia and CV disease. Hypertension in pregnancy and preeclampsia could unmask metabolic syndrome "latent" existing (Silva et al., 2008). Recently, scientific societies have published guidelines dedicated to cardiovascular risk in women and for the prevention of stroke in women. They recognize hypertension in pregnancy and preeclampsia as specific emerging risk (Mosca et al., 2011; European Society of Gynecology et al., 2011; Bushnell et al., 2014). Paradoxically, information and prevention of these women at risk is insufficient to ignorance and lack of awareness among health professionals (Brown et al., 2013). The education of women has become a major issue of prevention, developing specific consultation after delivery, encouraging them to optimize their lifestyle with a coordinated follow-up (Newstead et al., 2007; Mosca et al., 2011; European Society of Gynecology et al., 2011; Bushnell et al., 2014, Harskamp and Zeeman, 2007). In the end, the implementation of structured care pathway, further monitoring of these women, aims to improve the practices of health professionals (Manten et al., 2007; Adams et al., 2014; Mounier-Vehier et al., 2014).
Recent applications of machine learning and deep learning models in the prediction, diagnosis, and management of diabetes: a comprehensive review.; Diabetes as a metabolic illness can be characterized by increased amounts of blood glucose. This abnormal increase can lead to critical detriment to the other organs such as the kidneys, eyes, heart, nerves, and blood vessels. Therefore, its prediction, prognosis, and management are essential to prevent harmful effects and also recommend more useful treatments. For these goals, machine learning algorithms have found considerable attention and have been developed successfully. This review surveys the recently proposed machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) models for the objectives mentioned earlier. The reported results disclose that the ML and DL algorithms are promising approaches for controlling blood glucose and diabetes. However, they should be improved and employed in large datasets to affirm their applicability.
Sickle cell anemia in pregnant Saudi women and its impact on birth weight and gestational maturity.; BACKGROUND: It is well documented that sickle cell anemia (SCA) in pregnancy increases the risk of problems that can influence the growth and maturation of the newborn. To assess the gestational maturity and birth weight of babies born to Saudi mothers with SCA in the Jazan region. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted in three hospitals in the Jazan region. An interview with a semi-structured questionnaire was used to collect data from the participants' women, and then the birth weight was taken. RESULTS: Of 187 delivered women, 20.3% had SCA (13% had sickle cell disease, and the remaining had sickle cell trait). Among the 38 affected mothers, 15.7% were considered to have an additional risk (7.9% had diabetes mellitus, 5.3% had hypertension, and 2.6% were smokers). The mean birth weight was 2.95 ± 0.40 kg and 2.99 ± 0.55 kg in the case and control groups, respectively. However, the low birth weight babies constitute 31% of the delivered babies in the SCA group with a weight of 2.33 ± 0.16 kg and 15% of the control group with a mean weight of 2.16 ± 0.30 kg. The gestational age was 39.36 ± 1.02 weeks in the SCA group compared to 39.5 ± 1.17 weeks in the control group. Maternal age and hypertension significantly influence the birth weight in the SCA group compared to the influence of diabetes mellitus on the birth weight in the control group. CONCLUSION: This study indicates that SCA in pregnant mothers influences birth weight, which is more impacted by maternal age and co-morbidities. Therefore, a multidisciplinary approach must monitor these risky pregnancies well to avoid undesirable neonatal outcomes.
Potential Role of Copper in Diabetes and Diabetic Kidney Disease.; Copper is a fundamental element for the homeostasis of the body. It is the third most abundant essential transition metal in humans. Changes in the concentration of copper in the blood are responsible for numerous diseases affecting various organs, including the heart, brain, kidneys, and liver. Even small copper deficiencies can lead to the development and progression of several pathologies. On the other hand, excessive exposure to copper can cause toxicity in many human organs, leading to various systemic alterations. In the kidney, increased copper concentration in the blood can cause deposition of this element in the kidneys, leading to nephrotoxicity. One of the most interesting aspects of copper balance is its influence on diabetes and the progression of its complications, such as Diabetic Kidney Disease (DKD). Several studies have shown a close relationship between copper serum levels and altered glycemic control. An imbalance of copper can lead to the progression of diabetes-related complications and impaired antioxidant homeostasis. A high Zinc/Copper (Zn/Cu) ratio is associated with improved renal function and reduced risk of poor glycemic control in patients with type two diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Furthermore, the progression of DKD appears to be related to the extent of urinary copper excretion, while regulation of adequate serum copper concentration appears to prevent and treat DKD. The aim of this review is to evaluate the possible role of copper in DKD patients.
Cardiovascular Disease and Risk Factors in Individuals With a History of Out-of-home Care.; BACKGROUND: Exposure to childhood out-of-home care (foster family and residential care) is associated with an increased risk of ill-health and disability in adulthood, but the risk for cardiovascular disease has not previously been studied longitudinally. METHODS: This was a national cohort study generated from linkage of a range of population-based registers, resulting in a national cohort of 881 731 of whom 26 310 (3.0%) had a history of out-of-home care. The study population, born 1972 to 1981, was followed from age 18 to age 39 to 48 years for hospitalizations and death. RESULTS: After adjusting for year of birth and maternal education, individuals with a history of childhood out-of-home-care experienced a doubling of the risk for coronary disease (hazard ratio; 95% confidence interval: 2.05; 1.74-2.41) and stroke (hazard ratio 1.85; 1.59-2.15), compared with the general population, with similar estimates for men and women. Women with a history of out-of-home care had a more than doubled risk for cigarette smoking in early pregnancy, with a relative risk of 2.26; (2.18-2.34) and a moderately increased risk for gestational diabetes relative risk 1.49 (1.19-1.86). There was marked attenuation (40% to 90%) in effect estimates for disease and risk factors after further control for cohort members educational achievement at age 15-16 years. CONCLUSIONS: A history of childhood out-of-home care was associated with a doubled risk of early cardiovascular disease events. Cigarette smoking and educational underachievement were the main identified risk factors.
Early Menopause and Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Women With or Without Type 2 Diabetes: A Pooled Analysis of 9,374 Postmenopausal Women.; OBJECTIVE: Early menopause may be associated with higher cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), coupled with early menopause, may result in even greater CVD risk in women. We examined CVD risk in women with early compared with normal-age menopause, with and without T2DM overall, and by race/ethnicity. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We pooled data from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities study, the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis, and the Jackson Heart Study. We included women with data on menopausal status, menopausal age, and T2DM, excluding pre- or perimenopausal women and those with prevalent CVD. Outcomes included incident coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, heart failure (HF), and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) (CHD or stroke). We estimated the risk associated with early (<45 years) compared with normal-age menopause using Cox proportional hazards models. Covariates included age, race/ethnicity, education, BMI, blood pressure, cholesterol, smoking, alcohol consumption, antihypertensive medication, lipid-lowering medication, hormone therapy use, and pregnancy history. RESULTS: We included 9,374 postmenopausal women for a median follow-up of 15 years. We observed 1,068 CHD, 659 stroke, 1,412 HF, and 1,567 ASCVD events. T2DM significantly modified the effect of early menopause on CVD risk. Adjusted hazard ratios for early menopause and the outcomes were greater in women with T2DM versus those without (CHD 1.15 [95% CI 1.00, 1.33] vs. 1.09 [1.03, 1.15]; stroke 1.21 [1.04, 1.40] vs. 1.10 [1.04, 1.16]; ASCVD 1.29 [1.09, 1.51] vs. 1.10 [1.04, 1.17]; HF 1.18 [1.00, 1.39] vs. 1.09 [1.03, 1.16]). The modifying effect of T2DM on the association between early menopause and ASCVD was only statistically significant in Black compared with White women. CONCLUSIONS: Early menopause was associated with an increased risk for CVD in postmenopausal women. T2DM may further augment the risk, particularly in Black women.
An Early Mediterranean-Based Nutritional Intervention during Pregnancy Reduces Metabolic Syndrome and Glucose Dysregulation Rates at 3 Years Postpartum.; A Mediterranean diet (MedDiet)-based intervention reduces the rate of immediate postpartum maternal metabolic disorders. Whether these effects persist long-term remains to be determined. A total of 2526 normoglycemic women were randomized before the 12th gestational week (GW). IG women followed a MedDiet with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) (>40 mL/day) and a handful of nuts daily, whereas CG women had to restrict all kinds of dietary fat. At 3 months postpartum, a motivational lifestyle interview was held. The endpoint of the study evaluated the rate of abnormal glucose regulation (AGR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) at 3 years postpartum in women of the San Carlos cohort. A total of 369/625 (59%) CG women and 1031/1603 (64.3%) IG women were finally analyzed. At 3 months and 3 years postdelivery, the IG women showed higher adherence to the MedDiet, which was associated with lower values of body mass index (BMI) and lipid and glycemic profiles. Body weight change and waist circumference were lower in the IG women. After applying multiple regression analysis, the ORs (95%CI) resulted in AGR (3.18 (2.48-4.08); p < 0.001)/MetS (3.79 (1.81-7.95); p = 0.001) for women with GDM and higher OR for development of MetS in CG women (3.73 (1.77-7.87); p = 0.001). A MedDiet-based intervention early in pregnancy demonstrated persistent beneficial effects on AGR and MetS rates at 3 years postpartum.
Effect of obesity on neonatal outcomes in pregnancies with preterm premature rupture of membranes.; BACKGROUND: Maternal obesity is associated with increased systemic inflammation and an increased risk of preterm premature rupture of membranes. There is an established association between an inflammatory intrauterine environment and adverse neonatal outcomes that is independent of gestational age and mediated by the fetal inflammatory response. It is unknown whether the maternal systemic inflammation that is present in obese women influences the intrauterine environment and predisposes the fetus to adverse neonatal outcomes after preterm premature rupture of membranes. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether maternal obesity is associated with adverse neonatal outcomes in pregnancies that are complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of the Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units Network Randomized Clinical Trial on the Beneficial Effects of Antenatal Magnesium Sulfate. Women with singleton pregnancies that were affected by preterm premature rupture of membranes who delivered live-born infants between 24 + 0 and 33 + 6 weeks of gestation were included. An adverse neonatal outcome was defined as a composite outcome of neonatal death, severe necrotizing enterocolitis, respiratory distress syndrome, sepsis, or severe intraventricular hemorrhage. The rates of the composite outcome were compared between obese (body mass index, ≥30 kg/m(2)) and nonobese women. Multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate the independent effect of obesity on neonatal outcomes. Magnesium sulfate administration, steroid administration, maternal diabetes mellitus, gestational age at delivery, indomethacin exposure, birthweight, and chorioamnionitis were all considered as possible covariates in the multivariable regression models. RESULTS: Three hundred twenty-five of the 1288 women (25.2%) who were included were obese, and 202 of these women (62.2%) had neonates with adverse outcomes. In univariable analysis, maternal prepregnancy obesity was associated with increased odds of an adverse neonatal outcome (odds ratio, 0.30, 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.68). However, in our multivariable logistic regression model, gestational age at delivery (odds ratio, 0.93, 95% confidence interval, 0.92-0.94 per day), but not maternal obesity (odds ratio, 1.02, 95% confidence interval, 0.75-1.38), was associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. Obese African American women experienced preterm premature rupture of membranes (189 vs 196 days; p < .001) and delivery (199 vs 205 days; p < .001) earlier than nonobese African American women. This difference was not seen in non-African American women. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal obesity was not associated independently with adverse neonatal outcomes in pregnancies that were affected by preterm premature rupture of membranes after adjustment for gestational age at birth. However, obese African American women rupture and deliver earlier than other women, which causes increased neonatal morbidity.
Adipose Tissue Insulin Resistance in South Asian and Nordic Women after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; South Asians (SAs) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) than white Europeans, especially following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Despite similar blood glucose levels post-GDM, SAs exhibit more insulin resistance (IR) than Nordics, though the underlying mechanisms are unclear. This study aimed to assess markers of adipose tissue (AT) IR and liver fat in SA and Nordic women post-GDM. A total of 179 SA and 108 Nordic women in Norway underwent oral glucose tolerance tests 1-3 years post-GDM. We measured metabolic markers and calculated the AT IR index and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease liver fat (NAFLD-LFS) scores. Results showed that normoglycaemic SAs had less non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) suppression during the test, resembling prediabetes/T2D responses, and higher levels of plasma fetuin-A, CRP, and IL-6 but lower adiponectin, indicating AT inflammation. Furthermore, normoglycaemic SAs had higher NAFLD-LFS scores, lower insulin clearance, and higher peripheral insulin than Nordics, indicating increased AT IR, inflammation, and liver fat in SAs. Higher liver fat markers significantly contributed to the ethnic disparities in glucose metabolism, suggesting a key area for intervention to reduce T2D risk post-GDM in SAs.
Interactions between race/ethnicity, poverty status, and pregnancy cardio-metabolic diseases in prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic health.; Background: Prenatal health disparities exist for African Americans and low socioeconomic status (SES) individuals when compared to non-Hispanic Whites and people of higher SES, particularly in cardio-metabolic diseases. Furthermore, having had a pregnancy-specific cardio-metabolic disease, e.g. preeclampsia, increases risk for future cardio-metabolic disease. Although these factors (race, SES and pregnancy cardio-metabolic disease) are interrelated, studies have rarely considered their combined effect on postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. The purpose of this study was to assess whether SES, race/ethnicity, and prenatal cardio-metabolic disease interact in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. Methods: A sample of 1,753 low-income women of African American, Latina, non-Hispanic White race/ethnicity was recruited after a birth in 5 US sites. Household income was used to categorize poverty status as Poor (< Federal Poverty Level; FPL), near poor (100-200% FPL), or low/middle income (> 200% FPL). Three prenatal cardio-metabolic disease diagnoses (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) were identified from medical records. Four biomarkers (mean arterial pressure, glycosylated haemoglobin, total cholesterol:HDL ratio, and waist-hip ratio) were collected at 6 and 12 months postpartum, and combined into an average postpartum cardio-metabolic risk index. Maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, parity, health behaviors and employment status were covariates. Results: Analyses revealed interactions of race/ethnicity, poverty status, and prenatal cardio-metabolic diseases in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. African American women had higher postpartum cardio-metabolic risk, which was exacerbated following a prenatal cardio-metabolic disease. Low/middle income African American women had higher cardio-metabolic risk compared to poor African American, and all Latina and White women. Conclusions: African American women, and especially those who experienced pregnancy complications, emerged as vulnerable, and greater household income did not appear to confer protection against worse postpartum cardio-metabolic risk for this group. These results highlight the complex interplay between socioeconomic status and race/ethnicity with respect to understanding health disparities.
Maternal hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and offspring early-onset cardiovascular disease in childhood, adolescence, and young adulthood: A national population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been increasing in children, adolescents, and young adults in recent decades. Exposure to adverse intrauterine environment in fetal life may contribute to the elevated risk of early-onset CVD. Many studies have shown that maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased risks of congenital heart disease, high blood pressure, increased BMI, and systemic vascular dysfunction in offspring. However, empirical evidence on the association between prenatal exposure to maternal HDP and early-onset CVD in childhood and adolescence remains limited. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using Danish national health registers, including 2,491,340 individuals born in Denmark from 1977 to 2018. Follow-up started at birth and ended at the first diagnosis of CVD, emigration, death, or 31 December 2018, whichever came first. Exposure of maternal HDP was categorized as preeclampsia or eclampsia (n = 68,387), gestational hypertension (n = 18,603), and pregestational hypertension (n = 15,062). Outcome was the diagnosis of early-onset CVD from birth to young adulthood (up to 40 years old). We performed Cox proportional hazards regression to evaluate the associations and whether the association differed by maternal history of CVD or diabetes before childbirth. We further assessed the association by timing of onset and severity of preeclampsia. The median follow-up time was 18.37 years, and 51.3% of the participants were males. A total of 4,532 offspring in the exposed group (2.47 per 1,000 person-years) and 94,457 in the unexposed group (2.03 per 1,000 person-years) were diagnosed with CVD. We found that exposure to maternal HDP was associated with an increased risk of early-onset CVD (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.23; 95% CI = 1.19 to 1.26; P < 0.001). The HRs for preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, and pregestational hypertension were 1.22 (95% CI, 1.18 to 1.26; P < 0.001), 1.25 (95% CI, 1.17 to 1.34; P < 0.001), and 1.28 (95% CI, 1.15 to 1.42; P < 0.001), respectively. We also observed increased risks for type-specific CVDs, in particular for hypertensive disease (HR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.96 to 2.27; P < 0.001) and myocardial infarction (HR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.12 to 1.98; P = 0.007). Strong associations were found among offspring of mothers with CVD history (HR, 1.67; 95% CI, 1.41 to 1.98; P < 0.001) or comorbid diabetes (HR, 1.56; 95% CI, 1.34 to 1.83; P < 0.001). When considering timing of onset and severity of preeclampsia on offspring CVD, the strongest association was observed for early-onset and severe preeclampsia (HR, 1.48, 95% CI, 1.30 to 1.67; P < 0.001). Study limitations include the lack of information on certain potential confounders (including smoking, physical activity, and alcohol consumption) and limited generalizability in other countries with varying disparities in healthcare. CONCLUSIONS: Offspring born to mothers with HDP, especially mothers with CVD or diabetes history, were at increased risks of overall and certain type-specific early-onset CVDs in their first decades of life. Further research is warranted to better understand the mechanisms underlying the relationship between maternal HDP and early-onset CVD in offspring.
Transcriptome and morphological analysis on the heart in gestational protein-restricted aging male rat offspring.; Background: Adverse factors that influence embryo/fetal development are correlated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), type-2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, obesity, insulin resistance, impaired kidney development, psychiatric disorders, and enhanced susceptibility to oxidative stress and inflammatory processes in adulthood. Human and experimental studies have demonstrated a reciprocal relationship between birthweight and cardiovascular diseases, implying intrauterine adverse events in the onset of these abnormalities. In this way, it is plausible that confirmed functional and morphological heart changes caused by gestational protein restriction could be related to epigenetic effects anticipating cardiovascular disorders and reducing the survival time of these animals. Methods: Wistar rats were divided into two groups according to the protein diet content offered during the pregnancy: a normal protein diet (NP, 17%) or a Low-protein diet (LP, 6%). The arterial pressure was measured, and the cardiac mass, cardiomyocytes area, gene expression, collagen content, and immunostaining of proteins were performed in the cardiac tissue of male 62-weeks old NP compared to LP offspring. Results: In the current study, we showed a low birthweight followed by catch-up growth phenomena associated with high blood pressure development, increased heart collagen content, and cardiomyocyte area in 62-week-old LP offspring. mRNA sequencing analysis identified changes in the expression level of 137 genes, considering genes with a p-value < 0.05. No gene was. Significantly changed according to the adj-p-value. After gene-to-gene biological evaluation and relevance, the study demonstrated significant differences in genes linked to inflammatory activity, oxidative stress, apoptosis process, autophagy, hypertrophy, and fibrosis pathways resulting in heart function disorders. Conclusion: The present study suggests that gestational protein restriction leads to early cardiac diseases in the LP progeny. It is hypothesized that heart dysfunction is associated with fibrosis, myocyte hypertrophy, and multiple abnormal gene expression. Considering the above findings, it may suppose a close link between maternal protein restriction, specific gene expression, and progressive heart failure.
Fetal Interventricular Septum Volume Evaluated by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound Using Spatiotemporal Image Correlation and Virtual Organ Computer-Aided Analysis in Fetuses From Pre-Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnant Women.; BACKGROUND: To assess the interventricular septum (IVS) volume of fetuses from pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnant women by 3-dimensional ultrasound using spatiotemporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) methods. METHODS: This was a prospective cross-sectional study of 45 fetuses from pre-gestational DM and 45 fetuses from healthy pregnant women (controls). Only singleton pregnancies between 20 and 34 + 6 weeks of gestation were included. The fetal IVS volumes were obtained off-line using STIC and VOCAL methods. To analyze differences among variables, the Student's t-test and Mann-Whitney U test were used. The correlation among continuous variables was determine using Spearman's correlation test (r). RESULTS: The median of fetal IVS volume was significantly higher in pre-gestational DM than in healthy pregnant women (0.3 cm(3) vs. 0.2 cm(3), p = 0.032). A strong positive correlation was observed between fetal IVS volume and gestational age at the time of ultrasound examination (r = 0.75, R² = 0.48, p < 0.0001) and between fetal IVS volume and estimated fetal weight (r = 0.63, R² = 0.37, p < 0.0001). No significant correlation was noted between fetal IVS volume and glycated hemoglobin levels (r = -0.16, R² = 0.01, p = 0.540) in the pre-gestational DM pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: Significant differences were observed in fetal IVS volumes between pre-gestational and healthy mothers, with higher values in the fetuses of pre-gestational DM pregnant women.
Epidemiology of Cardiac Arrest During Hospitalization for Delivery in Canada: A Nationwide Study.; BACKGROUND: Cardiac arrest in pregnancy is a rare and devastating condition with high mortality and morbidity. The objective of this study was to generate information about maternal cardiac arrest in Canada by examining the frequency, temporal incidence, associated conditions, potential etiologies, and survival rates. METHODS: This retrospective population-based study used hospitalization data from the discharge abstract database of the Canadian Institute for Health Information relating to obstetric deliveries in Canada from April 1, 2002, to March 31, 2015. The data were accessed through the Public Health Agency of Canada's (PHAC) Canadian Perinatal Surveillance System. Cases of cardiac arrest were identified using the diagnostic and intervention codes from the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and the Canadian Classification of Health Interventions, respectively. Data on patient demographics, medical and obstetrical conditions, and potential etiologies of cardiac arrest were collected. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to identify conditions associated with cardiac arrest. RESULTS: There were 286 cases of maternal cardiac arrest among 3,568,597 hospitalizations for delivery during the 13-year period. A total of 204 (71.3%) women survived to hospital discharge (95% confidence interval, 65.7%-76.5%). There was no significant variation in the incidence of cardiac arrest or survival from arrest over time or across provinces. Among the pre-existing conditions, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, malignancy, and diseases of the respiratory and nervous system were found to be significantly associated with cardiac arrest. Among the obstetrical conditions, placental abnormalities and polyhydramnios were associated with cardiac arrest. The common potential etiologies included postpartum hemorrhage, heart failure, amniotic fluid embolism, and complications of anesthesia. CONCLUSIONS: In this first Canadian study, the incidence of cardiac arrest during pregnancy was found to be 1:12,500 deliveries. The survival rate reported in our study is higher than reported previously in other countries. Our study findings contribute to better inform the development and implementation of policies and programs in an effort to prevent and manage this condition.
Evaluation of anthropometric measures for assessment of cardiometabolic risk in early childhood.; OBJECTIVE: Waist-to-height ratio has been shown to be an important indicator of cardiometabolic risk. There are few studies evaluating this measure against existing measures of adiposity and cardiometabolic markers in early childhood. The objectives were: (i) to determine in young children the ability of waist-to-height ratio, BMI z-score, weight for length, and sum of skin fold thickness to predict cardiometabolic risk and (ii) to examine this association at ages 1, 3 and 5 years. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: A university hospital in Toronto, Ontario. PARTICIPANTS: Infants at 1 (n 406), 3 (n 112) and 5 years of age (n 94) born to mothers with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Weight for length and BMI z-score demonstrated the strongest correlations with biochemical measures compared to waist-to-height ratio, including leptin (at 5 years, weight for length z-score: ρ = 0·65, P < 0·001; BMI z-score: ρ = 0·67, P < 0·001) and measures of insulin resistance (at 3 years, weight for length z-score: ρ = 0·25, P = 0·02; BMI z-score: ρ = 0·24, P = 0·02). The magnitude of associations between anthropometric measures and biochemical measures strengthened over time. Weight for length and BMI z-scores were moderately correlated with overall measures of fat mass as measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (ρ = 0·65, P = 0·00; ρ = 0·61, P = 0·01). CONCLUSIONS: Waist-to-height ratio was not superior to existing measures in predicting cardiometabolic risk in young children. BMI z-score is a preferred measure of adiposity between birth and 5 years of age.
Midpregnancy Doppler ultrasound of the uterine artery in metformin- versus placebo-treated PCOS women: a randomized trial.; CONTEXT: Metformin is used to reduce pregnancy complications in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), although it is not approved for this indication and solid evidence is lacking. Midpregnancy Doppler ultrasound is one of the best methods for prediction of adverse pregnancy outcome. OBJECTIVE: The objectives of the study were to investigate the following: 1) whether metformin treatment influenced the midpregnancy pulsatility index (PI) of the uterine artery; 2) whether metabolic or endocrine factors affect the PI of the uterine artery of PCOS women; and 3) whether PI predicted adverse pregnancy outcome in PCOS woman. DESIGN: This is a substudy of a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multicenter study conducted at 11 secondary care centers. We randomly assigned 273 pregnancies to receive metformin or placebo, from the first trimester of pregnancy to delivery. In the present substudy, 231 pregnancies are included, ie, those who completed the ultrasound examinations. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Midpregnancy PI in the uterine artery related to metformin use, androgen levels, an oral glucose tolerance test, and insulin levels was measured. We found no difference in the PI between the metformin and placebo groups. In multivariate analyses, fasting serum glucose of the first and second trimester correlated positively to the midpregnancy PI. Only in univariate analyses a weak correlation between androstenedione and PI was seen. CONCLUSIONS: Metformin treatment did not affect uterine artery blood flow, measured by PI. High fasting blood glucose correlated inversely to uterine artery blood flow. The midpregnancy PI correlated positively to preeclampsia, hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus in PCOS pregnancies. Androgen levels correlated only to PI in univariate analyses.
Delivery mode and perinatal outcomes after diagnosis of oligohydramnios at term in China.; Objective: The purpose of this study is to assess the incidence of oligohydramnios at term and evaluate whether the mode of delivery in patients with oligohydramnios influences perinatal outcomes in China.Methods: A cross-sectional survey of all deliveries in 39 hospitals in China from 1 January 2011-31 December 2011 was evaluated for the mode of delivery and perinatal outcomes in women with oligohydramnios compared to those without known oligohydramnios after excluding preterm births, polyhydramnios, and oligohydramnios secondary to premature rupture of membranes.Results: Oligohydramnios complicated 3954 (4.4%) of the 89,050 pregnancies, analyzed. Pregnancy cases with oligohydramnios compared those without known oligohydramnios had a significantly higher incidence of preexisting or gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction, nonreassuring fetal heart tracings, obesity and malpresentation (p<.001). The cesarean delivery (CD) rate was significantly higher in pregnancies with identified oligohydramnios compared to those without (84.4 versus 54.7%; p<.001). Furthermore, in 2/3 of these CD in pregnancies with oligohydramnios, the identification of oligohydramnios was the only indication for the CD. In pregnancies with oligohydramnios, vaginal delivery did not significantly increase the risks of adverse outcomes compared to vaginal delivery without oligohydramnios, except postpartum complication.Conclusion: CD is not indicated in term pregnancies with isolated oligohydramnios. Vaginal delivery of oligohydramnios is not associated with increased perinatal mortality.
Effects of short-term hyperglycemia on the vasoconstriction of the aorta.; BACKGROUND/AIM: To investigate vasoconstrictor responses of healthy blood vessels to short-term hyperglycemic conditions such as postprandial hyperglycemia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and steroid-induced diabetes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Female Wistar rat aorta rings were incubated in normal (11 mM) and high (22 mM and 44 mM) glucose concentrations for 4 h. Responses of vasoconstriction were measured in reaction to serotonin (10-5 M), phenylephrine (10-6 M), and KC1 (60 mM) compared to the ambient condition, including different glucose concentrations. RESULTS: While the responses of vasoconstriction to KC1 were increased in the presence of Krebs' solution with high glucose, no statistically significant changes were observed in the reaction to serotonin and phenylephrine. In addition, malondialdehyde levels were increased in hyperglycemic conditions. CONCLUSION: Short-term hyperglycemia may lead to augmented contractile response in aorta rings through several mechanisms, and our results showed that oxidative stress is probably one of them.
Microcirculation in obesity: an unexplored domain.; Obesity is traditionally linked to diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Very recent experimental, clinical and epidemiological, sometimes provocative, data challenge this automaticity by showing that not the amount but the distribution of fat is the important determinant. Moderate abdominal fat accumulation may thus be more harmful than even consequent overweight. In view of the worldwide burden of obesity, factors leading to it in children and young adults must urgently be identified. Since obesity is a very complex cardiometabolic situation, this will require to focus investigations on uncomplicated obese subjects and adequate animal models. The recent discovery of intergenerational transmissions of obesity risk factors and also the key role played by gestational and perinatal events (epigenetic factors) give rise to completely new concepts and research avenues. Considering the potential close relationship between microcirculation and tissue metabolism, demonstrations of structural and/or functional abnormalities in microvascular physiology very early in life of subjects at risk for obesity might provide a solid basis for further investigations of such links. Microcirculation(arterioles, capillaries and venules) is conceivably a key compartment determining over one or several decades the translation of genetic and epigenetic factors into fat accumulation. Available animal models should serve to answer this cardinal question.
Lactate, rather than ketones, may provide alternative cerebral fuel in hypoglycaemic newborns.; OBJECTIVE: Alternative cerebral fuels are reputed to provide neuroprotection during hypoglycaemia, particularly in breastfed babies. We measured concentrations of alternative cerebral fuels in hypoglycaemic babies in the first 48 h. PATIENT AND METHODS: Babies were ≥35 weeks, ≤48 h old and at risk of hypoglycaemia (infant of diabetic, preterm, small or large). Plasma glucose, β-hydroxybutyrate, lactate and insulin concentrations were measured in babies who had been hypoglycaemic (<2.6 mM) for >1 h. RESULTS: Samples were taken from 35 hypoglycaemic babies at 3.7; 1.8-39.6 (median; range) hours after birth. Concentrations of glucose and β-hydroxybutyrate were low (2.03; 0.19-3.39 mM and 0.06; 0.00-1.20 mM), but lactate concentrations varied widely (3.06; 0.02-7.96 mM). Infants of diabetics had lower β-hydroxybutyrate and higher insulin concentrations, but mode of feeding did not influence plasma concentrations of alternative cerebral fuels. CONCLUSIONS: Hypoglycaemic babies within the first 48 h after birth are unlikely to receive neuroprotection from ketones. However, lactate may provide an alternative cerebral fuel for many. Lactate, rather than ketones, may provide alternative cerebral fuel in hypoglycaemic newborns. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12608000623392.
Ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy in pregnancy.; Ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy in pregnancy are both rare. Therefore, a high level of suspicion is required by the obstetric caregiver when women complain of the often vague symptoms that are indicative of these conditions. Early diagnosis, consultation with a cardiologist, and aggressive therapy are the keys to reducing morbidity and mortality. Women who suffer myocardial infarction in pregnancy should be stabilized, and delivery within the first two weeks post event should be avoided if possible. Women who completely recover from peripartum cardiomyopathy can be reassured when considering future pregnancies. Pregnancy should be considered contraindicated in women with Class H diabetes, and efforts should be made to establish reliable contraception. This is the fourth in a series of five articles reviewing in detail the assessment and management of specific cardiac disorders in pregnancy.
The implementation of a nationwide anomaly screening programme improves prenatal detection of major cardiac defects: an 11-year national population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether a nationwide prenatal anomaly screening programme improves detection rates of univentricular heart (UVH) and transposition of great arteries (TGA), and whether maternal risk factors for severe fetal heart disease affect prenatal detection. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. SETTING: Nationwide data from Finnish registries 2004-14. POPULATION: A total of 642 456 parturients and 3449 terminated pregnancies due to severe fetal anomaly. METHODS: Prenatal detection rates were calculated in three time periods (prescreening, transition and screening phase). The effect of maternal risk factors (obesity, in vitro fertilisation, pregestational diabetes and smoking) was evaluated. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Change in detection rates and impact of maternal risk factors on screening programme efficacy. RESULTS: In total, 483 cases of UVH and 184 of TGA were detected. The prenatal detection rate of UVH increased from 50.4% to 82.8% and of TGA from 12.3% to 41.0% (P < 0.0001). Maternal risk factors did not affect prenatal detection rate, but detection rate differed substantially by region. CONCLUSIONS: A nationwide screening programme improved overall UVH and TGA detection rates, but regional differences were observed. Obesity or other maternal risk factors did not affect the screening programme efficacy. The establishment of structured guidelines and recommendations is essential when implementing the screening programme. In addition, a prospective screening register is highly recommended to ensure high quality of screening. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Implementation of a nationwide prenatal anomaly screening improved detection rates of UVH and TGA.
Lower fetal fraction in clinical cell-free DNA screening results is associated with increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate if fetal fraction (FF) reported on cell-free DNA (cfDNA) screening is a marker for adverse obstetric outcomes. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed medical records from a cohort of women with singleton pregnancies who had cfDNA screening. We evaluated if reported FF could predict the following pregnancy complications: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, or a composite maternal morbidity, defined as the presence of at least one of these outcomes. RESULTS: Receiver operating curve analysis was performed on FF from 534 women to define the FF that differentiated a low FF group (<10%; N = 259) and a high FF group (≥10%; N = 275). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were more common for women in the low FF group (32.0% vs. 11.6% and p < 0.001), who had a two-fold odds of developing HDP (p = 0.006). Composite maternal morbidity was also more common for women in the low FF group (51.4% vs. 30.2% and p < 0.001), who had a 1.7-fold odds of developing any of the adverse obstetrical outcomes (p = 0.014). CONCLUSION: We found that low FF on cfDNA screening is associated with an increased risk of HDP. Fetal fraction reported that cfDNA screening reports have potential as a predictive marker for the development of HDP and adverse outcomes.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes: a national cohort.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy and the obesity epidemic impacting women of reproductive age appear to predispose women to obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnancy. The aim of this study is to examine the association between OSA and adverse maternal outcomes in a national cohort. METHODS: The National Perinatal Information Center in the US was used to identify women with a delivery discharge diagnosis of OSA from 2010 to 2014. We used the International Classification of Diseases, ninth Revision to classify OSA diagnosis and maternal outcomes. MEASUREMENTS: The sample consisted of 1,577,632 gravidas with a rate of OSA of 0.12% (N = 1963). There was a significant association between OSA and preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.94-2.54), eclampsia (aOR 2.95, 1.08-8.02), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.51, 1.34-1.72) after adjusting for a comprehensive list of covariates which includes maternal obesity. OSA status was also associated with a 2.5-3.5-fold increase in risk of severe complications such as cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. Length of hospital stay was significantly longer (5.1 + 5.6 vs 3.0 + 3.0 days, p < 0.001) and odds of an admission to an intensive care unit higher (aOR 2.74, 2.36-3.18) in women with OSA. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to pregnant women without OSA, pregnant women with OSA have a significantly higher risk of pregnancy-specific complications such as gestational hypertensive conditions and gestational diabetes, and rare medical and surgical complications such as cardiomyopathy, pulmonary edema, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. OSA diagnosis was also associated with a longer hospital stay and significantly increased odds for admission to the intensive care unit.
Are TallyHo Mice A True Mouse Model for Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease?; The purpose of our article is to critically assess if TallyHo mice are a true mouse model for type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. Diabetes is a lifestyle condition that is characterized by elevated blood glucose due to either insufficient amount of insulin or the body's inability to use the produced insulin efficiently. Diabetes occurs in multiple forms, including type 1, type 2, type 3, neonatal, and gestational. Type 2 diabetes covers 95% of overall diabetes, found in individuals 65 years of age and above. Both modifiable and non-modifiable factors are involved in developing diabetes. In patients with diabetes, increased blood glucose levels are reported to induce multiple complications, such as heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and damage to the eyes. However, the molecular basis of diabetes is not completely understood. Further, there are no accurate animal model(s) that mimic both type 1 and type 2 diabetes of humans. Multiple polygenic models are being used, including the Goto-Kakizaki rat, the Otzhka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat, the Nagoya Shibata Yasuda mouse, the New Zealand obese mouse, the Tsumura-Suzuki obese diabetes mouse, leptin deficient ob/ob and the leptin receptor deficient db/db mouse models. In 2001, Kim and colleagues described the TallyHo mice that represent many features of type 2 diabetes of humans. Since then, several groups studied TallyHo mice. Only the male mice develop hyperglycemia and the females exhibit features of obesity. Thus, this model can be used to study both diabetes and obesity. The purpose of this article is to discuss recent developments in TallyHo mice research including diabetes onset and progression.
Improving Uptake of Postnatal Checking of Blood Glucose in Women Who Had Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Universal Healthcare Settings: A Systematic Review.; The aim of this systematic review is to look at the barriers to uptake and interventions to improve uptake of postnatal screening in women who have had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Increasing postnatal screening rates could lead to timely interventions that could reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), the associated long-term health complications, and the financial burden of T2DM. A systematic review of the literature was undertaken. PubMed, Embase, Medline, CINAHL and the Cochrane library databases were searched using well-defined search terms. Predefined inclusion and exclusion criteria were used to identify relevant manuscripts. Data extractions and quality assessments were performed by one reviewer and checked by a second reviewer. Eleven primary studies of various research design and three systematic reviews were included. We identified seven themes within these studies and these were described in two categories, barriers and interventions. There appeared to be no single intervention that would overcome all the identified barriers, however, reminders to women and healthcare professionals appear to be most effective. Uptake rates of testing for T2DM are low in women with GDM. Interventions developed with consideration of the identified barriers to uptake could promote greater numbers of women attending for follow-up.
A Protocol for Nurse-Practitioner Led Cardiovascular Follow-Up After Pregnancy Complications in a Socioeconomically Disadvantaged Population.; Background: Women who experience pregnancy complications have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease when compared to their healthy counterparts. Despite recommendations, there is no standardized cardiovascular follow-up in the postpartum period for these women, and the Australian follow-up protocols that have been previously described are research-based. This study proposes a new model of care for a nurse practitioner-led postpartum intervention clinic for women who experience severe hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus requiring medication, severe intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm delivery, or placental abruption, in a socioeconomically disadvantaged population. Methods: All women receiving antenatal care or who deliver at the Lyell McEwin Hospital, a tertiary acute care facility located in the northern Adelaide metropolitan area, following a severe complication of pregnancy are referred to the intervention clinic for review at 6 months postpartum. A comprehensive assessment is conducted from demographics, medical history, diet and exercise habits, psychosocial information, health literacy, pathology results, and physical measurements. Subsequently, patient-specific education and clinical counseling are provided by a specialized nurse practitioner. Clinic appointments are repeated at 18 months and 5 years postpartum. All data is also collated into a registry, which aims to assess the efficacy of the intervention at improving modifiable cardiovascular risk factors and reducing cardiovascular risk. Discussion: There is limited information on the efficacy of postpartum intervention clinics in reducing cardiovascular risk in women who have experienced pregnancy complications. Analyses of the data collected in the registry will provide essential information about how best to reduce cardiovascular risk in women in socioeconomically disadvantaged and disease-burdened populations.
Maternal Nutrition and Offspring Stress Response-Implications for Future Development of Non-Communicable Disease: A Perspective From India.; Psychological stress is recognized as a major modifiable risk factor for adult non-communicable disease (NCD) that includes depression, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease. Dysregulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity resulting in either exaggerated or blunted cortisol responses, and altered autonomic cardiovascular control have been thought to underlie this association. The developmental origins hypothesis proposes that impaired nutrition during fetal and early postnatal growth is associated with a higher NCD risk later in life. Maternal nutrients are vital for fetal growth and development, and both maternal undernutrition and over nutrition as in the case of gestational diabetes are associated with higher NCD risk markers in the offspring. Recent studies suggest that fetal exposure to maternal nutritional imbalances may permanently alter cortisol and cardio-sympathetic stress-responsiveness, which may link early life nutrition with adult disease risk. A few recent studies that examined the association between low birth weight as a marker of fetal undernutrition and stress response in humans showed that lower birth weight was associated with an altered HPA axis and cardiovascular sympathetic nervous system responses to stress in adults as well as in children. In addition, altered stress responses in relation to gestational diabetes have been noted. In this paper, we present available evidence from India for the association between maternal nutrition and offspring stress responsiveness against the backdrop of global evidence, and discuss its role in the escalating NCD rates in this population. We also discuss the scope for future studies in India and other transitioning countries.
Other adverse pregnancy outcomes and future chronic disease.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in females worldwide. Pregnancy is associated with significant physiologic changes that may function as a natural stress test to detect women at future risk. It is established that women who have had a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, and there is growing evidence that women who deliver infants preterm or growth-restricted infants have an elevated risk as well. Consideration should be given to including these outcomes as indicators of cardiovascular risk. Pregnancy represents a teachable moment when it would be ideal to identify women at risk. Improved integration of women's primary health care and an enhanced knowledge base on the part of clinicians will be necessary to fully incorporate these findings into the clinical care of women.
The role of iron in neurodevelopment: fetal iron deficiency and the developing hippocampus.; Iron is a ubiquitous nutrient that is necessary for normal neurodevelopment. Gestational conditions that compromise fetal iron status include maternal iron deficiency, smoking, diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The iron-deficient neonate has altered recognition memory function and temperament while iron-deficient. The memory deficits persist even after iron repletion. Animal models demonstrate that early iron deficiency affects neuronal and glial energy metabolism, monoamine metabolism and myelination, consistent with behavioural findings in human infants. Of particular recent interest are genomic changes in transcripts coding for signal transduction, dendritic structure and energy metabolism induced by early iron deficiency that last well into adulthood in spite of iron treatment. Early iron sufficiency is critical for long-term neurological health.
The Role of Vitamin D in Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease: An Updated Review of the Literature.; The dietary reference values for Vitamin D were set primarily considering its role in bone health, but with the discovery of Vitamin D receptors throughout body tissues, new links with other health conditions are now studied, such as for diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). This paper shall analyze and examine all new research studies carried out, especially in 2013-2015 regarding diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Vast research has been carried out to establish strong relationship between Vitamin D serum levels, supplementation, diabetes, and CVD. However, the results from researches identified in this paper are disputable. Benefits of Vitamin D adequate levels were recognized from gestational period until later in disease development such as diabetes and/or CVD, but since not all studies are in agreement further investigation is suggested. Researches conducting large randomized controlled trials, exploring range of supplement doses, with variable baseline serum Vitamin D levels, and inclusion of array of associated parameters, are still required to conduct large-scale analysis and draw conclusion as a risk factor. Until then it is possible to conclude that maintenance of serum Vitamin D levels holds advantageous aspects in diabetic and cardiovascular conditions, and people should strive to attain them.
Antenatal glycemic management and postpartum cardiovascular disease risk screening.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to evaluate the cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles of patients referred to the maternal health clinic (MHC) with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM). METHODS: Eligible patients had their MHC appointment at 6 months postpartum between November 2011 and May 2022 and experienced GDM in their most recent pregnancy. Included participants were then divided into subgroups comparing methods of glycemic control: diet-controlled GDM and insulin-controlled GDM. Additionally, the MHC recruited 47 patients who have not experienced a complication in pregnancy to act as a comparator group in research studies. Demographics, medical and pregnancy history, and CVD risk scores were compared between the three groups. RESULTS: 344 patients with GDM were included in the analysis; 165 insulin-controlled and 179 diet-controlled. When measuring the median 30 year Framingham risk score based on both BMI and lipids, there was a significant stepwise increase seen from the unexposed group, the diet-controlled GDM, and the insulin-controlled groups, respectively (all P < 0.05). The presence of metabolic syndrome showed a stepwise increase in prevalence when comparing the unexposed group, diet exposure group, and the insulin exposure group, respectively (16.7%, 21.5%, 44.8%; P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Our findings reinforce the prevalence of maternal CVD risk among GDM-diagnosed patients in the postpartum period and the necessity for screening. More specifically, our findings show how CVD risk may differ based on required interventions for glycemic control throughout pregnancy. Future research should aim to compare a more diverse patient population to optimize the generalizability of glycemic control-specific CVD outcomes.
Asian migration to Australia: food and health consequences.; Australia's food and health patterns are inextricably and increasingly linked with Asia. Indigenous Australians arrived in the continent via Asia and have linguistic connections with people who settled in south India; there was interaction and food trade between both South-East Asia and China and northern indigenous Australians over thousands of years. After European settlement in 1788, there have been several and increasing (apart from the period of the infamous White Australian Policy following the Colonial period and Independence, with Federation, in 1901) waves of Asian migration, notably during the gold rush (Chinese), the building of the overland Telegraph (Afghans), the Colombo Plan and Asian student education in Australia from the 1950s onwards (South-Eeast Asians), and with refugees (Vietnamese and mainland Chinese), and business (late twentieth century) and progressive family reunion. Each wave has injected additional food cultural elements and caused a measure of health change for migrants and host citizens. Of principal advantage to Australia has been the progressive diversification of the food supply and associated health protection. This has increased food security and sustainability. The process of Australian eating patterns becoming Asianized is evident through market garden development (and the introduction of new foods), fresh food markets and groceries, restaurants and the development of household cooking skills (often taught by student boarders). Most of the diversification has been with grain (rice), legumes (soy), greens, root vegetables, and various 'exotic fruits'. Food acculturation with migration is generally bi-directional. Thus, for Asians in Australia, there has been a decrease in energy expenditure (and a lower plane of energy throughput), an increase in food energy density (through increased fat and sugary drink intakes), and a decrease in certain health protective foods (lentils, soy, greens) and beverages (tea). This sets the stage for 'eco-diseases'. In a population probably genetically programmed (but modifiably) in utero to abdominal obesity, diabetes (type II and gestational) and cardiovascular disease, these conditions may be rapidly acquired on migration, along with certain cancers (breast, colo-rectal and prostate). Thus, whilst Asian migration to Australia has provided health opportunities for host citizens, there have been threats to migrant citizens in regard to nutrition-related health.
Differences in preeclampsia rates between African American and Caucasian women: trends from the National Hospital Discharge Survey.; BACKGROUND: African Americans are at higher risk for preeclampsia compared with Caucasians, but longitudinal changes are unknown. We hypothesized that preeclampsia rates among African Americans would be higher than that of Caucasians and over time would maintain a consistent divergence. METHODS: We analyzed the annual prevalence rates and calculated prevalence odds ratios (POR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for preeclampsia comparing 4,644 African American (weighted 608,109) with 12,131 Caucasian (weighted 1,844,391) women from the National Hospital Discharge Survey (1979-2006), including all women for whom a delivery was associated with preeclampsia. We estimated the race-specific prevalence of preeclampsia while adjusting for age, geographic region, diabetes, essential hypertension, prior myocardial infarction, heart failure, benign essential hypertension complicating a pregnancy, transient hypertension, and gestational diabetes. RESULTS: There was an increasing trend in preeclampsia rates per year from 1979 to 2006 for African Americans [POR 0.76 (95% CI 0.49, 1.03)] and Caucasians [0.29 (95% CI 0.17, 0.41)]. However, there was an initial decrease in prevalence from 1979-1988 among African-Americans [-0.96 (95% CI -1.78, -0.14)] that was not seen in Caucasians [0.12 (95% CI -0.33, 0.57)]. Across all study years, preeclampsia rates remained higher for African Americans compared to Caucasians, from a POR of 0.98 (95% CI 0.96, 1.0) to POR of 1.75 (95% CI 1.73, 1.78). CONCLUSION: There was an increase in the prevalence of preeclampsia in African Americans compared to Caucasians in the most recent decade under study. This may be explained by healthcare system changes and disparities in obesity. Action is needed to reduce the trajectory of future cardiovascular disease caused by preeclampsia.
Lack of uniformity in screening, diagnosis and management of gestational diabetes mellitus among health practitioners across major cities of Pakistan.; OBJECTIVE: To determine knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) regarding management of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) among Health Care Providers in major cities of Pakistan. METHODS: A knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) questionnaire based study was conducted in major cities in Pakistan from health care providers in public and private hospitals and clinics. Questionnaires were provided to the health care providers regarding screening, diagnosis and management of patients with GDM. Data analysis was done using IBM SPSS 20. RESULTS: A total of 210 doctors took part in the study. 55 (26%) reported using fasting blood glucose as screening test for GDM whereas 129(61.4%) respondents used Oral Glucose Tolerance based WHO criteria for diagnosing GDM. Thirty six (17%) and 98(46.7%) doctors referred their patients to Gynecologists. For treating GDM, 64(30.5%) doctors prescribed insulin (NPH/Regular, 70/30 Mix). 112 (53.5) doctors used combination of capillary glucose by glucometer and plasma blood glucose tests for monitoring of glycemic control of patients with GDM. CONCLUSION: There is lack of agreed screening tests and criteria for diagnosis and management of GDM patients. Doctors need to be educated to follow evidence based diagnostic and management guidelines so that GDM patients can be effectively managed. Recently released South Asian Federation Societies and Pakistan Endocrine Society guidelines could be much needed consensus guidelines for doctors to apply in their daily practice to improve GDM diagnosis and treatment.
Capgras' syndrome with organic disorders.; Capgras' syndrome, one form of the delusional misidentification syndromes, is described. Three patients with the syndrome are reported. The first had a right cerebral infarction, the second had nephrotic syndrome secondary to severe pre-eclampsia in the puerperium, and the third had uncontrolled diabetes mellitus with dementia. Evidence is reviewed regarding an organic aetiology for Capgras' syndrome. We conclude that, when the syndrome is present, a thorough search for organic disorder should be made.
Recognizing pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risk factors.; Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, or pregnancy-induced hypertension identify a woman at risk for cardiovascular disease. This information should be incorporated into the routine cardiovascular risk assessment for women, as a basis for appropriate risk factor screening, counseling, and preventive interventions. There is need for development and validation of a clinometric tool to assess cardiovascular risk and guide management.
Fetal lung maturity in complicated pregnancy, as predicted from microviscosity of amniotic fluid.; We measured the microviscosity of amniotic fluid between 28 and 40 weeks of gestation in 252 normal pregnancies and in 172 pregnancies complicated by factors known to influence fetal lung maturation, including chronic high blood pressure, pregnancy-induced hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and therapy with betamethasone. Comparison of the microviscosity value distributions and regression analysis indicated significantly lower microviscosity values in hypertensive disorders, in Class D and Classes F or R diabetes, and after 48 h of treatment with betamethasone. Few changes were observed in Classes A, B, or C diabetes. These observations are consistent with the accelerated maturation of surfactant observed in chronic intrauterine stress and the lower incidence of hyaline membrane disease reported after glucocorticoids.
Cardiovascular Health After Preeclampsia: Patient and Provider Perspective.; Background: Preeclampsia predicts future cardiovascular disease (CVD) yet few programs exist for post-preeclampsia care. Methods: The Health after Preeclampsia Patient and Provider Engagement Network workshop was convened at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study in June 2018. The workshop sought to identify: 1) patient perspectives on barriers and facilitators to CVD risk reduction; 2) clinical programs specialized in post-preeclampsia care; 3) recommendations by national organizations for risk reduction; and 4) next steps. Stakeholders included the Preeclampsia Foundation, patients, clinicians who had initiated CVD risk reduction programs for women with prior preeclampsia, researchers, and national task force members. Results: Participants agreed there is insufficient awareness and action to prevent CVD after preeclampsia. Patients suggested a clinician checklist to ensure communication of CVD risks, enhanced training for clinicians on the link between preeclampsia and CVD, and a post-delivery appointment with a clinician knowledgeable about this link. Clinical programs primarily served patients in the first postpartum year, bridging obstetrical and primary care. They recommended CVD risk modification with periodic blood pressure, weight, lipid and diabetes screening. Barriers included the paucity of programs designed for this population and gaps in insurance coverage after delivery. The American Heart Association, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the Preeclampsia Foundation have developed guidelines and materials for patients and providers to guide management of women with prior preeclampsia. Conclusions: Integrated efforts of patients, caregivers, researchers, and national organizations are needed to improve CVD prevention after preeclampsia. This meeting's recommendations can serve as a resource and catalyst for this effort.
Vitamin D supplementation for cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant women based on the gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity status : a randomized clinical trial.; PURPOSE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or obesity are vulnerable to impaired gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the future. It is unclear if prenatal vitamin D supplementation improves gestational CVH, especially in women at high risk for developing CVD. Our goal was to find out if vitamin D supplementation could protect against gestational CVH, including the women with GDM or obesity. DESIGN: We randomly assigned women with a serum 25(OH)D concentration < 75 nmol/L to receive 1600 IU/d (intervention group) or 400 IU/d (control group) of vitamin D3 for two months at 24-28 weeks' gestation. The primary outcome was gestational CVH marks (lipids, inflammatory cytokines, endothelial function). RESULTS: There were 1537 participants divided into the intervention (N = 766) and control groups (N = 771). No baseline differences existed among study groups in CVH markers. At the two-month visit, the intervention group's HDL-C levels (2.01 ± 0.39 VS 1.96 ± 0.39 mmol/L) were significantly higher than those of the control group, while the hs-CRP levels were significantly lower (3.28 ± 2.02 VS 3.64 ± 2.42 mg/L). Subgroup analysis found that HDL-C, TC, hs-CRP, E-Selectin, and SBP were improved in the intervention group among women with GDM or overweight/obesity, and the improvement was not found in women without GDM or overweight/obesity. Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased the mean triglyceride-glucose index at the two-month visit in women with GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Vitamin D supplementation at mid-gestation might optimize the gestational CVH status for pregnant women, particularly the women with GDM or obesity, which is advantageous for later-life primary prevention of CVD. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: The Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2100051914, 10/9/2021, Prospective registered, https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=134700 ).
Diminished substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial respiration and elevated autophagy in adult male offspring of gestational diabetic rats.; OBJECTIVE: Heart diseases are common in offspring of gestational diabetic mother (ODM). Defects in mitochondrial metabolism and autophagy may be one of the basic reasons behind the abnormal structural and functional behaviour of offspring's heart. So the main objective of the present study was to explore the cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in male and female offspring of diabetic pregnancy at two different developmental stages of life. METHODS: High-resolution respirometry was used to measure substrate-mediated mitochondrial respiration in isolated mitochondria from ventricular tissues of offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic mother rats. To find the expression of proteins involved in autophagic process and oxidative stress, western blotting and densitometric analysis were done. RESULTS: Mitochondrial complex I and complex II respiration was found to be decreased in adult male offspring while it was unaltered or less affected in weaning male and female offspring. Elevated autophagy was shown by adult male, while there was no change observed in adult female. Also absence of elevated expression of oxidative stress markers was observed in all groups. CONCUSION: The present study reports altered cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in male offspring of diabetic mothers than the control ones. The study also analysed the expression of various candidates of cardiac autophagic process in male and female offspring of diabetic pregnancy at two time points of development.
Evidence of lifestyle interventions in a pregnant population with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes: A systematic review and narrative synthesis.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant people with chronic hypertension, pre-existing diabetes or both are at high risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Lifestyle interventions play an important role in disease management in non-pregnant populations. AIM: To review the existing evidence of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examine lifestyle interventions in pregnant people with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes. METHODS: A systematic review and narrative synthesis was conducted. Five electronic databases were searched from inception to April 2021 for RCTs evaluating antenatal lifestyle interventions in people with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes with outcomes to include weight or blood pressure change. RESULTS: Nine randomised controlled trials including 7438 pregnant women were eligible. Eight studies were mixed pregnant populations that included women with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes. One study included only pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. Intervention characteristics and procedures varied and targeted diet, physical activity and/or gestational weight. All studies reported weight and one study reported blood pressure change. Outcome data were frequently unavailable for the subset of women of interest, including subgroup data on important pregnancy and birth complications. Eligibility criteria were often ambiguous and baseline data on chronic hypertension was often omitted. CONCLUSION: A lack of primary interventional trials examining the effect of lifestyle interventions on weight and blood pressure outcomes in pregnant populations with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes was evident. Lifestyle modification has the potential to alter disease progression. Future trials should address the ambiguity and frequent exclusion of these important populations.
Harmonising research outcomes for polycystic ovary syndrome: an international multi-stakeholder core outcome set.; STUDY QUESTION: What are the key core outcomes to be reported in studies on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? SUMMARY ANSWER: We identified 3 generic and 30 specific core outcomes in 6 specialist domains: metabolic (8), reproductive (7), pregnancy (10), oncological (1), psychological (1) and long-term outcomes (1). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Research reporting PCOS is heterogeneous with high variation in outcome selection, definition and quality. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Evidence synthesis and a modified Delphi method with e-surveys were used as well as a consultation meeting. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Overall, 71 health professionals and 123 lay consumers (women with lived experience of PCOS and members of advocacy and peer support groups) from 17 high-, middle- and low-income countries were involved in this analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The final core outcome set included 3 generic outcomes (BMI, quality of life, treatment satisfaction) that are applicable to all studies on women with PCOS and 30 specific outcomes that were categorised into six specialist domains: 8 metabolic outcomes (waist circumference, type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, coronary heart disease, lipid profile, venous thromboembolic disease); 7 reproductive outcomes [viable pregnancy (confirmed by ultrasound including singleton, twins and higher multiples), clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, menstrual regularity, reproductive hormonal profile, chronic anovulation, ovulation stimulation success including the number of stimulated follicles ≥ 12 mm, incidence and severity of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome]; 10 pregnancy outcomes (live birth, miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal mortality, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, baby birth weight, major congenital abnormalities); 3 psychological outcomes (depression, anxiety, eating disorders); 1 oncological (abnormal endometrial proliferation including atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer); and 1 outcome in the long-term domain (long-term offspring metabolic and developmental outcomes). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We involved lay consumers in all stages of study through e-surveys but not through focus groups, thereby limiting our understanding of their choices. We did not address the variations in the definitions and measurement tools for some of the core outcomes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Implementing this core outcome set in future studies on women with PCOS will improve the quality of reporting and aid evidence synthesis. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Evidence synthesis was funded through the Australian government, National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) Centre for Research Excellence in PCOS, and H.T. is funded through an NHMRC fellowship. B.H.A. is funded through an NIHR lectureship. All authors have no competing interest to declare.
Differences in Epidemiology and Risk Factors for Atrial Fibrillation Between Women and Men.; Atrial fibrillation (AF), the most common sustained cardiac arrhythmia, is one of the most frequent cardiovascular diseases among both women and men. Although age-adjusted AF incidence and prevalence is larger among men, women are older at the time of AF diagnosis and have larger risk for AF-associated adverse outcomes such as morality and stroke. Based on evidence from epidemiological studies, elevated body mass index seems to confer a higher risk of AF among men. However, evidence regarding sex differences in the association between diabetes mellitus, elevated blood pressure, and dysglycemia with AF remains conflicting. While men with AF have larger burden of coronary artery disease, women with AF tend to have a larger prevalence of heart failure and valvular heart disease. Recently, several women-specific risk factors including pregnancy and its complications and number of children have been associated with AF. Earlier age at menopause, despite being a strong marker of adverse cardiometabolic risk, does not seem to be associated with increased risk of AF. To reduce the AF burden in both genders, better understanding of the differences between women and men with regard to AF is central. Large-scale studies are needed to separately investigate and report on women and men. Besides observations from epidemiological and clinical studies, to improve our understanding of sexual dimorphism in AF, sufficiently large genome-wide association studies as well as well-powered Mendelian randomization studies are essential to shed light on the sex-specific nature of the associations of risk factors with AF.
Diseases and conditions that impact maternal and fetal health and the potential for nanomedicine therapies.; Maternal mortality rates in the United States have steadily increased since 1987 to the current rate of over 16 deaths per 100,000 live births. Whereas most of these deaths are related to an underlying condition, such as cardiovascular disease, many pregnant women die from diseases that emerge as a consequence of pregnancy. Both pre-existing and emergent diseases and conditions are difficult to treat in pregnant women because of the potential harmful effects of the treatment on the developing fetus. Often the health of the woman and the health of the baby are at odds and must be weighed against each other when medical treatment is needed, frequently leading to iatrogenic preterm birth. However, the use of engineered nanomedicines has the potential to fill the treatment gap for pregnant women. This review describes several conditions that may afflict pregnant women and fetuses and introduces how engineered nanomedicines may be used to treat these illnesses. Although the field of maternal-fetal nanomedicine is in its infancy, with additional research and development, engineered nanotherapeutics may greatly improve outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring in the future.
A 19-SNP coronary heart disease gene score profile in subjects with type 2 diabetes: the coronary heart disease risk in type 2 diabetes (CoRDia study) study baseline characteristics.; BACKGROUND: The coronary risk in diabetes (CoRDia) trial (n = 211) compares the effectiveness of usual diabetes care with a self-management intervention (SMI), with and without personalised risk information (including genetics), on clinical and behavioural outcomes. Here we present an assessment of randomisation, the cardiac risk genotyping assay, and the genetic characteristics of the recruits. METHODS: Ten-year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk was calculated using the UKPDS score. Genetic CHD risk was determined by genotyping 19 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) using Randox's Cardiac Risk Prediction Array and calculating a gene score (GS). Accuracy of the array was assessed by genotyping a subset of pre-genotyped samples (n = 185). RESULTS: Overall, 10-year CHD risk ranged from 2-72 % but did not differ between the randomisation groups (p = 0.13). The array results were 99.8 % concordant with the pre-determined genotypes. The GS did not differ between the Caucasian participants in the CoRDia SMI plus risk group (n = 66) (p = 0.80) and a sample of UK healthy men (n = 1360). The GS was also associated with LDL-cholesterol (p = 0.05) and family history (p = 0.03) in a sample of UK healthy men (n = 1360). CONCLUSIONS: CHD risk is high in this group of T2D subjects. The risk array is an accurate genotyping assay, and is suitable for estimating an individual's genetic CHD risk. Trial registration This study has been registered at ClinicalTrials.gov; registration identifier NCT01891786.
Early Life Risk Factors for Incident Atrial Fibrillation in the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Early life risk factors are associated with cardiometabolic disease, but have not been fully studied in atrial fibrillation (AF). There are discordant results from existing studies of birth weight and AF, and the impact of maternal body size, gestational age, placental size, and birth length is unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: The Helsinki Birth Cohort Study includes 13 345 people born as singletons in Helsinki in the years 1934-1944. Follow-up was through national registries, and ended on December 31, 2013, with 907 incident cases. Cox regression analyses stratified on year of birth were constructed for perinatal variables and incident AF, adjusting for offspring sex, gestational age, and socioeconomic status at birth. There was a significant U-shaped association between birth weight and AF (P for quadratic term=0.01). The lowest risk of AF was found among those with a birth weight of 3.4 kg (3.8 kg for women [85th percentile] and 3.0 kg for men [17th percentile]). High maternal body mass index (≥30 kg/m(2)) predicted offspring AF; hazard ratio 1.36 (95% CI 1.07-1.74, P=0.01) compared with normal body mass index (<25 kg/m(2)). Maternal height was associated with early-onset AF (<65.3 years), hazard ratio 1.47 (95% CI 1.24-1.74, P<0.0001), but not with later onset AF. Results were independent of incident coronary artery disease, hypertension, or diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSIONS: High maternal body mass index during pregnancy and maternal height are previously undescribed predictors of offspring AF. Efforts to prevent maternal obesity might reduce later AF in offspring. Birth weight has a U-shaped relation to incident AF independent of other perinatal variables.
Fetal Medicine Foundation reference ranges for umbilical artery and middle cerebral artery pulsatility index and cerebroplacental ratio.; OBJECTIVES: To develop gestational age-based reference ranges for the pulsatility index in the umbilical artery (UA-PI) and fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA-PI) and the cerebroplacental ratio (MCA-PI/UA-PI), and to examine the maternal characteristics and medical history that affect these measurements. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of 72 387 pregnancies undergoing routine ultrasound examination at 20 + 0 to 22 + 6 weeks' gestation (n = 3712), 31 + 0 to 33 + 6 weeks (n = 29 035), 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks (n = 37 252) or 41 + 0 to 41 + 6 weeks (n = 2388). For the purpose of this study, we included data for only one of the second- or third-trimester visits. The inclusion criteria were singleton pregnancy, dating by fetal crown-rump length at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks' gestation, live birth of a morphologically normal neonate and ultrasonographic measurements by sonographers who had received the Fetal Medicine Foundation Certificate of Competence in Doppler ultrasound. Since the objectives of the study were to establish reference ranges, rather than normal ranges, and to examine factors from maternal characteristics and medical history that affect these measurements, we included all pregnancies having routine ultrasound examinations, irrespective of whether the mother had a pre-existing medical condition, such as diabetes mellitus, or a pregnancy complication, such as pre-eclampsia or suspected fetal growth restriction. Median and SD models were fitted between UA-PI, MCA-PI and CPR and gestational age. Assessment of goodness of fit of the models was by inspection of quantile-to-quantile (Q-Q) plots of Z-scores calculated using the mean and SD models. The distributions of MCA-PI, UA-PI and CPR Z-scores were examined in relation to maternal characteristics and medical history. RESULTS: The relationship between the median and gestational age was linear for UA-PI and cubic for MCA-PI and CPR and the SD was log quadratic for all three. MCA-PI and CPR increased with gestational age from 20 weeks' gestation to reach a peak at around 32 and 34 weeks, respectively, and decreased thereafter, whereas UA-PI decreased linearly with gestational age from 20 to 42 weeks. Compared to the general population, significant deviations in multiples of the median values of UA-PI, MCA-PI and CPR were observed in subgroups of maternal age, body mass index, racial origin, method of conception and parity. CONCLUSION: This study established new reference ranges for UA-PI, MCA-PI and CPR, according to gestational age, and reports maternal characteristics and medical history that affect these measurements. Copyright © 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Reducing morbidity and mortality among pregnant obese.; Obesity is increasing; in the UK, almost 20% of pregnant women have a body mass index (BMI) of ≥30 kg/m(2). Obese mothers have increased risks of pregnancy complications including miscarriage, congenital anomaly, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, macrosomia, induction of labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic and surgical complications, post-partum haemorrhage, infection and venous thromboembolism. Complications tend to be greater in those with the highest BMIs. In recent triennia, obesity (27-29%) was over-represented in maternal mortality figures. Strategies to reduce morbidity and mortality include calculating BMI at booking visit to identify obese mothers and plan their antenatal care and delivery. This should include nutritional and lifestyle advice, screening for gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, thromboembolism risk assessment, antenatal anaesthetic review if BMI is ≥ 40 kg/m(2), ensuring availability of robust theatre tables and other equipment and involving senior doctors, especially in the labour ward. Afterwards, continuing weight reduction should be encouraged to reduce future pregnancy and health risks.
A holistic approach to preventing type 2 diabetes in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: a feasibility study and pilot randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) exposes women to future risk of Type 2 Diabetes. Previous studies focused on diet and physical activity, less emphasis was given to tackle intertwined risk factors such as sleep and stress. Knowledge remains scarce in multi-ethnic Asian communities. This study explored the: (1) feasibility of a holistic digital intervention on improving diet, physical activity (PA), sleep and stress of Asian women with a history of GDM, and (2) preliminary efficacy of the holistic intervention on women's physical and mental well-being via a pilot randomized controlled trial. METHODS: Female volunteers with a history of GDM but without pre-existing diabetes were recruited from multi-ethnic Singaporean community. Each eligible woman was given a self-monitoring opportunity using Oura Ring that provided daily feedback on step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate. Intervention group additionally received personalized recommendations aimed to reinforce healthy behaviors holistically (diet, PA, sleep and stress). Dietary intake was evaluated by a research dietitian, while step counts, PA, sleep and bedtime heart rate were evaluated by health coaches based on Oura Ring data. Perceived physical and mental health and well-being were self-reported. Clinical outcomes included glycemic status determined by HbA(1c) and OGTT tests, body mass index, blood pressures and lipid profile. RESULTS: Of 196 women from the community, 72 women completed diabetes screening, 61 women were eligible and 56 women completed the study. The 56 completers had mean age of 35.8 ± 3.7 years, predominantly Chinese, majority had their first GDM diagnosed at least 2 years ago and had two GDM-affected pregnancies. After intervention period, more women in the Intervention group achieved at least 8,000 steps/day and had at least 6 hours of sleep per night. Noticeable reduction of added sugar in their food and beverages were observed after the dietary intervention. Changes in body weight and mental well-being were observed but group differences were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: The holistic approach appeared feasible for personalizing lifestyle recommendations to promote physical and mental well-being among women with a history of GDM. Larger studies with sufficient assessment timepoints and follow-up duration are warranted to improve the evaluation of intervention effects on clinical outcomes. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT05512871, NCT05512871.
Contraceptive hormone use and cardiovascular disease.; Contraceptive hormones, most commonly prescribed as oral contraceptives (OCs), are a widely utilized method to prevent ovulation, implantation, and, therefore, pregnancy. The Women's Health Initiative demonstrated cardiovascular risk linked to menopausal hormone therapy among women without pre-existing cardiovascular disease, prompting a review of the safety, efficacy, and side effects of other forms of hormone therapy. A variety of basic science, animal, and human data suggests that contraceptive hormones have antiatheromatous effects; however, relatively less is known regarding the impact on atherosclerosis, thrombosis, vasomotion, and arrhythmogenesis. Newer generation OC formulations in use indicate no increased myocardial infarction risk for current users, but a persistent increased risk of venous thromboembolism. There are no cardiovascular data available for the newest generation contraceptive hormone formulations, including those that contain newer progestins that lower blood pressure, as well as the nonoral routes (transdermal and vaginal). Current guidelines indicate that, as with all medication, contraceptive hormones should be selected and initiated by weighing risks and benefits for the individual patient. Women 35 years and older should be assessed for cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, smoking, diabetes, nephropathy, and other vascular diseases, including migraines, prior to use. Existing data are mixed with regard to possible protection from OCs for atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events; longer-term cardiovascular follow-up of menopausal women with regard to prior OC use, including subgroup information regarding adequacy of ovulatory cycling, the presence of hyperandrogenic conditions, and the presence of prothrombotic genetic disorders is needed to address this important issue.
The late preterm birth rate and its association with comorbidities in a population-based study.; We sought to identify rates, associated morbidities, and preventable causes of late preterm birth (LPB) in a defined population. We conducted a retrospective cross-sectional analysis using deidentified delivery data for all who delivered in San Antonio/Bexar County, Texas between 2000 and 2008 (N  = 259,576). LPB was defined as a live birth from 34(0/7) to 36(6/7) weeks. Variables analyzed included age, race/ethnicity, weight gain, hypertensive disease, diabetes, and preterm labor including premature rupture of membranes. From 2000 to 2006, the LPB rate in San Antonio/Bexar County, Texas, was slightly higher than the national average, 9% versus 8.7% (P  < 0.01). From 2000 to 2008, 23,312 LPBs occurred in San Antonio/Bexar County and 53% experienced at least one studied comorbidity. Using logistic regression comparing LPB to term, variables associated with an increased risk of LPB were black race, age < 17, age ≥ 35, gestational hypertension, eclampsia, chronic hypertension, and diabetes. LPB was higher than the national average in our population, and preventable causes of LPB (extremes of age, hypertensive disease, and diabetes) were commonly associated with LPB. We speculate that teenage pregnancy prevention, counseling regarding risks associated with advanced maternal age, and improved management and prevention of hypertensive disease and diabetes should prove beneficial in decreasing the LPB rate.
Maternal Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorders and Mental Disorders in Children.; The associations of maternal hypertensive pregnancy disorders with offspring mental disorders remain unclear. We examined whether maternal hypertensive disorders and maximum blood pressure during pregnancy predict offspring childhood mental disorders, whether the associations are independent of maternal and paternal mental disorders and paternal hypertensive disorders, independent of or additive with maternal early pregnancy overweight/obesity and diabetes mellitus disorders, and mediated or moderated by preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth and neonatal intensive care unit admission. Our prospective study comprised 4743 mother-child dyads of Prediction and Prevention of Preeclampsia and Intrauterine Growth Restriction study. Women were recruited to the study in early pregnancy at Finnish maternity hospitals. Children were born 2006 to 2010 and followed-up until December 31, 2016, to ages 6.4 to 10.8 years. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders were identified from medical records, Medical Birth Register, and Care Register for Health Care. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure were measured at antenatal clinics and hospital visits. Mental disorder diagnoses were identified from Care Register for Health Care. Maternal gestational and chronic hypertension, preeclampsia and its severity increased offspring hazard of any childhood mental disorder. The associations of preeclampsia (hazard ratio=1.66 [95% CI, 1.14-2.42]) and severe preeclampsia (hazard ratio=2.01 [95% CI, 1.08-3.73]) were independent of all covariates. Maternal hypertensive and diabetes mellitus disorders and overweight/obesity also additively increased offspring hazard of mental disorders. Preterm and small-for-gestational-age births and neonatal intensive care unit admission partially mediated the effects of any and severe preeclampsia on offspring mental disorders. To conclude, maternal hypertensive pregnancy disorders carry adverse consequences for offspring mental health.
Risk factors for women attending pre-pregnancy screening in selected clinics in Selangor.; BACKGROUND: The Ministry of Health is committed to achieve Millenium Development Goal (MDG) MDG 4 and 5 by 2015 and include pre-pregnancy care as a strategy. This study evaluates the risk factors detected during the pre-pregnancy screening at selected public primary care clinics in Selangor. OBJECTIVES: The objectives of this study were to determine the proportion of women with risk factors receiving pre-pregnancy care in selected clinics in Selangor, their socio demographic features, the types of risk factors detected and their significance. METHODS: A retrospective review using secondary data was carried out from the month of March until June 2013 in four public primary care clinics in Klang and Petaling districts of Selangor. Data were obtained through non-probability sampling, using the pre-pregnancy screening form utilised in 2012, which is a standard questionnaire to determine the presence of risk factors. Women with at least one defined risk factor were considered as being at risk of an adverse obstetric outcome. Data were analysed using SPSS version 16. RESULTS: A total of 840 pre-pregnancy screening forms were collected. However only 614 (73.1%) were analysed and studied. The proportion of women with at least one risk factor was 68.8% (95% CI: 65.1, 72.5). The majority was Malays who had tertiary education and earned more than RM 1000. Most were in the reproductive age group of 18-35 years old (350, 82.9%). The mean age was 28.68 + 5.78 years. Most of the women were parous (259, 65.1%) and did not practice any form of contraception (308, 80.8%) despite having risks. The percentage of those not receiving any form of immunisation was small i.e. 9.8% but it was of importance and needed to be addressed prior to the conception. This study did not reveal any person with mental disorder or those who endured domestic abuse. Additionally, 3% (12) of them had unhealthy lifestyle habits, which include smoking, alcohol and substance abuse. Approximately one-third (212, 35.2%) of the women screened were overweight and obese, putting them at risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy induced hypertension or deep vein thrombosis. The mean body mass index (BMI) for those at risk was 25.36 + 5.94 compared to 21.06 ± 1.46 for those with no risk. This study also found a small percentage of women with raised blood pressure (3.9%), abnormal physical examination (1.5%) and anaemia (14.4%), which need to be investigated and treated prior to conception. CONCLUSION: More than half of the women who attended the pre-pregnancy screening were found to have at least one risk factor.
[Diabetes and women, why are we different?].; Diabetes affects men and women differently and the mistaken assumption of equality in its clinical expression can lead to errors and delays in the diagnostic process and the therapeutic strategy adopted. The objective is to show the gender differences that influence the approach to this pathology and what the role of the family doctor is in the monitoring of women with diabetes. It is a review of the impact of diabetes at different stages of a woman's life, how hormonal changes affect glycemic control, gestational diabetes, how diabetes affects the development of chronic complications in women and their consequences, the existing differences in the control of cardiovascular risk factors and the differential aspects by sex of the different families of drugs used in the treatment of diabetes.
Uncovering the Hidden Threat: A Case Study on Superior Vena Cava Thrombosis.; Superior vena cava (SVC) thrombus is a rare but potentially life-threatening condition where a blood clot forms in the superior vena cava, the vein carrying blood from the head, neck, and upper extremities to the heart. The incidence of SVC thrombosis is higher in patients with certain underlying medical conditions, such as malignancy, heart failure, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. In this case study, a 36-year-old African American female with a history of essential hypertension, type 2 diabetes, end-stage renal disease, anemia of chronic disease, obstructive sleep apnea, obesity, and preeclampsia presented with sudden onset of confusion six days postpartum. The patient was admitted for further evaluation and treatment. Imaging tests showed an acute infarct in the left parietal lobe with no intracranial hemorrhage and an echo density/mass in the SVC consistent with a thrombus. Risk factors for SVC thrombus included pregnancy, a hypercoagulable state, and issues with catheter placement. The increasing use of intravascular devices such as indwelling catheters and pacemaker wires has been implicated in the rising incidence of SVC thrombus. Complete occlusion of the SVC is usually symptomatic and presents with a clinical picture similar to SVC syndrome. The importance of early detection and intervention was highlighted in this case, as the patient was initially asymptomatic after the onset of neurological symptoms. Treatment involved discontinuing heparin and starting the patient on Apixaban without a loading dose. This case study emphasizes the potential risk factors and complications associated with SVC thrombus and highlights the importance of early detection and intervention.
The impact of birth weight on coronary heart disease morbidity and mortality in a birth cohort followed up for 85 years: a population-based study of men born in 1913.; OBJECTIVES: To analyse whether there is a relationship between birth weight on the one hand and coronary heart disease (CHD) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality and morbidity on the other, whether such a relationship is influenced by potential modifying factors from the time of birth, adult height and the presence of diabetes, and what significance these possible associations might have for the CHD and CVD rates in the general population. DESIGN: Population-based birth cohort. SETTING: Sweden. SUBJECTS: A total of 1319 singleton men born in 1913, surviving until age 20 and from then on followed until 85 years of age. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: CHD and CVD mortality and morbidity events. RESULTS: The gestational age adjusted CHD and CVD mortality and morbidity hazard ratios were virtually unaffected by birth weight. Taking possible effect-modifying variables into account did not change the results. The population attributable risk percentage for CHD and CVD mortality and morbidity due to a birth weight <or=3000 g was 1% or less. CONCLUSIONS: Birth weight did not significantly affect CHD or CVD mortality or morbidity. A birth weight <or=3000 g contributes little to the burden of CHD and CVD on a community level.
Is gum disease killing your patient?; There is considerable epidemiological evidence to support the concept that poor oral health, especially the extent and severity of periodontal disease, may put patients at a significant risk for a variety of systemic conditions. This association raises the question that if patients or members of the dental profession ignore oral health, is there an increased risk of morbidity and mortality? In this presentation, the relationship between periodontal disease and many systemic conditions will be explored further. In addition, if periodontal disease does increase the risk of various systemic diseases, it raises the issue as to what the impact of treating periodontal disease is in reducing the magnitude of the risk. There is increasing evidence that reducing the inflammatory component in the periodontal tissues does have potential systemic effects. This has been shown to improve hyperglycaemic control in diabetics, reduce the prevalence of adverse pregnancy outcomes and improve surrogate markers that may be of benefit in patients suffering from coronary heart disease.
Fetal colour tissue Doppler imaging (cTDI): biventricular reference ranges for the time segments of the cardiac cycle in second and third trimesters of gestation.; PURPOSE: To construct biventricular reference ranges for isovolumic time intervals (isovolumic contraction time, ICT; isovolumic relaxation time, IRT) and ejection time (ET) for colour tissue Doppler imaging (cTDI) between 15 and 37 weeks' in healthy fetuses. METHODS: This was a prospective multicentre cross-sectional study involving 160 singleton pregnancies between 15 and 37 weeks of gestation, using cTDI. ICT, ET, IRT and myocardial performance index (MPI) were analysed offline using a small region of interest (ROI) within the basal part of the right and left ventricular wall immediately distal to the annulus. Regression analysis was used to determine gestational age-adjusted reference ranges and to construct nomograms for cTDI parameters. RESULTS: Right and left ventricular ICT (p = 0.004 and p < 0.001) and ET (p = 0.011 and p = 0.050) increased, whereas IRT (p = 0.862 and p = 0.067) and MPI (p = 0.476 and p = 0.777) remained constant with gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: This is the first study to evaluate fetal isovolumic time intervals in the second and third trimesters of gestation using cTDI. Normal data for fetal isovolumic time intervals and biventricular MPI by colour tissue Doppler imaging are provided. The reference ranges may be useful in research or clinical studies and can be used in fetuses with compromised cardiac function.
Intrauterine nutrition: its importance during critical periods for cardiovascular and endocrine development.; Experimental investigations in animals have highlighted the role of early reduced calorie and protein nutrition on fetal cardiovascular development, and the occurrence of a transition from a low fetal arterial blood pressure in late gestation to a high arterial blood pressure postnatally. These observations may explain the correlation between health, including appropriate nutrition, in pregnant women and the outcome of their pregnancies. Emphasis has been placed on low birth weight infants who have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases, including hypertension, coronary heart disease and stroke in adulthood. Vascular pathology in adults is not always associated with low birth weight and animal experiments indicate that substantial changes in cardiovascular and endocrine function can result from maternal or fetal undernutrition without impairing fetal growth. Experimental investigation on organogenesis shows the pivotal role of adequate protein availability as well as total caloric intake. Amino acid metabolism in the feto-maternal unit appears to have a key influence on the development of organs involved in chronic degenerative disease in the adult. Experimental investigation has also highlighted the role of carbohydrate metabolism and its effect on the fetus in this respect. Either restriction of protein intake or diabetes in pregnant rats has intergenerational effects at least on the endocrine pancreas and the brain. Further investigation is needed to clarify the mechanisms involved and lead to a new understanding of the importance of nutrition during pregnancy. This will provide an important approach to the primary prevention of diabetes and chronic degenerative diseases.
Birth weight is the most important predictor of abnormal retinal vascularisation in moderately preterm infants.; AIM: To find predictors of abnormal retinal vascularisation in moderately to late preterm newborn infants considered to have no risk of developing retinopathy of prematurity. METHODS: Seventy-eight infants (34 girls) were recruited from a longitudinal study of otherwise healthy premature children born at a gestational age of 32 + 0-36 + 6 weeks. Retinal vessel morphology was evaluated at mean postnatal age 7 days. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) levels were analysed in umbilical cord blood. RESULTS: Of the 78 infants, 21 (27%) had abnormal retinal vessel morphology; they had significantly lower median (range) birth weight [1850 g, (1190-3260), vs. 2320, (1330-3580), p < 0.0001], shorter birth length [43.0 cm, (38-49), vs. 46.0, (40-50), p < 0.0001] and smaller head circumference [31.0 cm, (27.7-34.0), vs. 32.0, (27.5-36.5), p = 0.003]. They also had significantly lower gestational age [34 + 1 weeks, (32 + 2-35 + 3), vs. 34 + 6, (32 + 2-36 + 6), p = 0.004] and mean ± SD IGF-I levels (24.6 ± 17.0 μg/L vs. 46.7 ± 21.5, p < 0.0001). A higher percentage of these infants were small for gestational age (57.1% vs. 15.8%, p = 0.001), and maternal hypertension/preeclampsia rates were also higher (47.6% vs. 19.3%, p = 0.03). Step-wise logistic regression showed that birth weight was the strongest predictor of abnormal retinal vascularisation (p < 0.0001, odds ratio 0.040, 95% confidence interval 0.007-0.216). CONCLUSION: In this population of moderately to late preterm newborns, birth weight appeared to affect the retinal vascular system.
Leptin in pregnancy: an update.; Leptin influences satiety, adiposity, and metabolism and is associated with mechanisms regulating puberty onset, fertility, and pregnancy in various species. Maternal hyperleptinemia is a hallmark of mammalian pregnancy, although both the roles of leptin and the mechanisms regulating its synthesis appear to be taxa specific. In pregnant humans and nonhuman primates, leptin is produced by both maternal and fetal adipose tissues, as well as by the placental trophoblast. Specific receptors in the uterine endometrium, trophoblast, and fetus facilitate direct effects of the polypeptide on implantation, placental endocrine function, and conceptus development. A soluble isoform of the receptor may be responsible for inducing maternal leptin resistance during pregnancy and/or may facilitate the transplacental passage of leptin for the purpose of directly regulating fetal development. The steroid hormones are linked to the regulation of leptin and the leptin receptor and probably interact with other pregnancy-specific, serum-borne factors to regulate leptin dynamics during pregnancy. In addition to its effects on normal conceptus development, leptin is linked to mechanisms affecting a diverse array of pregnancy-specific pathologies that include preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and intrauterine growth restriction. Association with these anomalies and with mechanisms pointing to a fetal origin for a range of conditions affecting the individual's health in adult life, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease, reiterate the need for continued research dedicated to elucidating leptin's roles and regulation throughout gestation.
A population study of the contribution of medical comorbidity to the risk of prematurity in blacks.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to test the hypothesis that the higher prevalence of medical comorbidities among black women accounts for their increased risk of prematurity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based regional cohort of women receiving obstetric care for singleton pregnancies at a large community hospital between 2003 and 2006 were analyzed using univariate and multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: Data for 18,624 consecutive births found increased odds of adverse outcomes for black compared to white women: prematurity OR = 1.6 (1.4-1.8), extreme prematurity OR = 2.5 (2.0-3.2). Logistic regression modeling identified black race, age < 20, preconception diabetes and hypertension, smoking, underweight, and gestational hypertension as the greatest risks for adverse outcomes. Controlling for these risks did not attenuate the higher risk for prematurity among blacks. CONCLUSION: Though there is a greater burden of health risk among black women, this did not account for the higher rates of low birthweight and prematurity.
The effects of hepatitis B virus infection on natural and IVF pregnancy: A meta-analysis study.; BACKGROUND: Hepatitis B virus (HBV) has been considered a significant cause of human reproductive failure in different studies; however, there is a considerable disagreement on the true impacts of HBV on female reproduction. This study has evaluated the impact of HBV infection on pregnancy complications in natural pregnancy and also on pregnancy outcomes in women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment. METHOD: We searched Embase, Web of Science, PubMed and Google Scholar databases to identify the potentially relevant studies. Summary odds ratio (OR) or standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) was applied to assess the relationship. Heterogeneity testing, sensitivity analysis and publication bias testing were also performed. RESULTS: A total of 42 studies concerning the effect of HBV infection on the natural and IVF pregnancy were included in this study. Our meta-analysis results revealed that HBV infection had a positive correlation to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) [OR = 1.32 (1.17-1.48) (p < 0.01)] and preterm birth [OR = 1.26 (1.14-1.40) (p < 0.01)] in natural pregnancy; however, HBV infection was not significantly associated with decreased fertility rates among the patients who underwent IVF. CONCLUSION: This study revealed a strong association of GDM and preterm birth with higher rates of HBV infection in pregnant women. Also, our results suggested that HBV infection in patients undergoing IVF may not negatively influence the pregnancy outcome. It may be rational to conclude that IVF might be rather a safe and effective method for HBV+ females who desire to have children.
Low-grade inflammation in chronic infectious diseases: paradigm of periodontal infections.; Increasing evidence implicates periodontitis, a chronic inflammatory disease of the tooth-supporting structures, as a potential risk factor for increased morbidity or mortality for several systemic conditions including cardiovascular disease (atherosclerosis, heart attack, and stroke), pregnancy complications (spontaneous preterm birth [SPB]), and diabetes mellitus. Cross-sectional, case-control, and cohort studies indicate that periodontitis may confer two- and up to sevenfold increase in the risk for cardiovascular disease and premature birth, respectively. Given the recently acquired knowledge that systemic inflammation may contribute in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and may predispose to premature birth, research in the field of periodontics has focused on the potential of this chronic low-grade inflammatory condition to contribute to the generation of a systemic inflammatory phenotype. Consistent with this hypothesis clinical studies demonstrate that periodontitis patients have elevated markers of systemic inflammation, such as C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin 6 (IL-6), haptoglobin, and fibrinogen. These are higher in periodontal patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) than in patients with AMI alone, supporting the notion that periodontal disease is an independent contributor to systemic inflammation. In the case of adverse pregnancy outcomes, studies on fetal cord blood from SBP babies indicate a strong in utero IgM antibody response specific to several oral periodontal pathogens, which induces an inflammatory response at the fetal-placental unit, leading to prematurity. The importance of periodontal infections to systemic health is further strengthened by pilot intervention trials indicating that periodontal therapy may improve surrogate cardiovascular outcomes, such as endothelial function, and may reduce four- to fivefold the incidence of premature birth. Nevertheless, further research is needed to fully discern the underlying mechanisms by which local chronic infections can have an impact on systemic health, and in this endeavor periodontal disease may serve as an ideal disease model.
The gestational weight gain and perinatal outcomes among underweight women with twin pregnancies: Propensity score matched analysis from a three-year retrospective cohort.; OBJECTIVE: No recommendations are available for gestational weight gain (GWG) in underweight women with twin pregnancies. We aimed to evaluate whether underweight women with twin pregnancies should gain more weight than normal-weight women in order to optimize perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study compared the GWG and perinatal outcomes among normal-weight and underweight women who gave birth to viable twins between 2015 and 2018 at the Maternal and Child Health Hospital in Foshan, China. Gestational weight gain (GWG) was categorized as adequate or inadequate GWG, based on the US Institute of Medicine 2009 guidelines for normal-weight women (≥ 0.46 kg/week). The outcomes of interest included spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB) <37 weeks, <35 and <32 weeks, small for gestational age (SGA), gestational hypertensive disorder (GHD), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), birth weight discordance (BDW) ≥20%, neonatal intensive unit (NICU) admission and neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS). Propensity score matching (PSM, in a 1:1 ratio) was utilized to minimize the effects of confounders on the differences in the two cohorts. Multivariable logistic models were also used to verify the results from PSM analysis. RESULTS: There were 475 normal-weight and 111 underweight women included in the analysis. Our results suggested that the incidence of adequate GWG was comparable between underweight and normal-weight women (37.5% vs. 45.1%, P = 0.141). The prevalence of GDM was significantly lower among underweight women (9.9%) than among normal-weight women (20.4%) (P = 0.010). There was no evidence of differences in other perinatal outcomes between the two groups. 102 underweight women and 102 normal-weight women were included in PSM analyses. There was a lower incidence of GDM in underweight women than in normal-weight women, but the difference was not significant (9.8% vs. 18.6%, P = 0.071). No evidence of any differences in the other outcomes, including sPTB, GHD, BWD≥20%, SGA, NICU admission and NRDS, was found between the underweight and normal-weight women. Multivariable logistic regression models yielded similar results. CONCLUSIONS: For Chinese twin pregnant women with twin pregnancies, our data does provide evidence to suggest underweight women need to gain more weight than normal-weight women to optimize perinatal outcomes. Future studies with larger number of underweight women with twin gestations are warranted to establish an optimal range of GWG.
The Impact of Maternal Obesity and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain on Maternal and Infant Outcomes in Maine: Analysis of Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System Results from 2000 to 2010.; The objective of this study is to understand the relationships between prepregnancy obesity and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Pregnancy risk assessment monitoring system (PRAMS) data from Maine for 2000-2010 were used to determine associations between demographic, socioeconomic, and health behavioral variables and maternal and infant outcomes. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed on the independent variables of age, race, smoking, previous live births, marital status, education, BMI, income, rurality, alcohol use, and GWG. Dependent variables included maternal hypertension, premature birth, birth weight, infant admission to the intensive care unit (ICU), and length of hospital stay of the infant. Excessive prepregnancy BMI and excessive GWG independently predicted maternal hypertension. A high prepregnancy BMI increased the risk of the infant being born prematurely, having a longer hospital stay, and having an excessive birth weight. Excessive GWG predicted a longer infant hospital stay and excessive birth weight. A low pregnancy BMI and a lower than recommended GWG were also associated with poor outcomes: prematurity, low birth weight, and an increased risk of the infant admitted to ICU. These findings support the importance of preconception care that promotes achievement of a healthy weight to enhance optimal reproductive outcomes.
p38γ and p38δ regulate postnatal cardiac metabolism through glycogen synthase 1.; During the first weeks of postnatal heart development, cardiomyocytes undergo a major adaptive metabolic shift from glycolytic energy production to fatty acid oxidation. This metabolic change is contemporaneous to the up-regulation and activation of the p38γ and p38δ stress-activated protein kinases in the heart. We demonstrate that p38γ/δ contribute to the early postnatal cardiac metabolic switch through inhibitory phosphorylation of glycogen synthase 1 (GYS1) and glycogen metabolism inactivation. Premature induction of p38γ/δ activation in cardiomyocytes of newborn mice results in an early GYS1 phosphorylation and inhibition of cardiac glycogen production, triggering an early metabolic shift that induces a deficit in cardiomyocyte fuel supply, leading to whole-body metabolic deregulation and maladaptive cardiac pathogenesis. Notably, the adverse effects of forced premature cardiac p38γ/δ activation in neonate mice are prevented by maternal diet supplementation of fatty acids during pregnancy and lactation. These results suggest that diet interventions have a potential for treating human cardiac genetic diseases that affect heart metabolism.
Polycystic ovary syndrome, diabetes and cardiovascular disease: risks and risk factors.; Polycystic ovary syndrome is one of the most common endocrine disorders in the human, affecting approximately 10% of women of reproductive age. Although originally considered a gynaecological disorder, the syndrome is associated with a wide range of endocrine and metabolic abnormalities, including insulin resistance. Affected women are at an increased risk of developing gestational and non-insulin dependent diabetes and there is an association with cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperhomocysteinaemia, increased intima media thickness and impaired vascular elasticity. The effect on cardiovascular mortality is currently unclear. However, in view of the proven links with diabetes and the cardiovascular risk markers, this condition should be considered within the province of physicians as well as gynaecologists.
Sleep Duration/Quality With Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses of Prospective Studies.; BACKGROUND: To quantitatively evaluate the evidence of duration and quality of sleep as measured by multiple health outcomes. METHODS: This review is registered with PROSPERO, number CRD42021235587. We systematically searched three databases from inception until November 15, 2020. For each meta-analysis, the summary effect size using fixed and random effects models, the 95% confidence interval, and the 95% prediction interval were assessed; heterogeneity, evidence of small-study effects, and excess significance bias were also estimated. According to the above metrics, we evaluated the credibility of each association. RESULTS: A total of 85 meta-analyses with 36 health outcomes were included in the study. We observed highly suggestive evidence for an association between long sleep and an increased risk of all-cause mortality. Moreover, suggestive evidence supported the associations between long sleep and 5 increased risk of health outcomes (stroke, dyslipidaemia, mortality of coronary heart disease, stroke mortality, and the development or death of stroke); short sleep and increased risk of overweight and/or obesity; poor sleep quality and increased risk of diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSIONS: Only the evidence of the association of long sleep with an increased risk of all-cause mortality was graded as highly suggestive. Additional studies are needed to be conducted.Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier: CRD42021235587.
Tacrolimus in the prevention of adverse pregnancy outcomes and diabetes-associated embryopathies in obese and diabetic mice.; BACKGROUND: T2DM is a high-risk pregnancy with adverse fetal and maternal outcomes including repeated miscarriages and fetal malformations. Despite the established association between placental insufficiency and poor maternal Th1-adaptability to the development of pregnancy complications in T2DM, there have been no established data to assess benefits of pre-pregnancy immunosuppression relative to gestational outcomes in T2DM. We hypothesized that pre-pregnancy macrolide immune suppression can re-establish normal placental development and uterine vascular adaptation in a mouse model of obesity-associated T2DM. METHODS: Fetal live birth rate, postnatal variability, mid-gestational uterine and umbilical flow dynamics and certain morphological features of spiral artery modification were examined in the New Zealand Obese (NONcNZO10/Ltj) female mice (n = 56) weaned to ages of 32 weeks on a 60% calories/g high-fat diet (also referred to as HFD-dNONcNZO), and which received either tacrolimus (0.1 mg/kg s.c. q2d) , its vehicle (castor oil and ethanol) or metformin (in drinking water 200 mg/dL p.o. ad libitum). HFD-BALBc-Rag2/IL2-gc female mice (n = 24) were used as HFD-immunodeficient controls. RESULTS: Treatment of the HFD-dNONcNZO female mice with tacrolimus improved live birth rates and postnatal viability scores (p < 0.01), normalized OGTT (p < 0.001), inhibited fetal malformation rates, restored morphology of spiral arterial modification; and improved uterine arterial and umbilical blood flow (p < 0.01). Placental production of TNFαand IL16 in the tacrolimus-treated HFD-dNONcNZO dams were restored to non-diabetic levels and the treatment resulted in the inhibition of aberrant monocyte/macrophage activation during pregnancy in the HFD-dNONcNZO dams. CONCLUSIONS: Our present data suggest a casual association between chronic maternal overnutrition and aberrancy in the maternal Th1-immune maladaptation to pregnancy and defective spiral artery modification, placental insufficiency and adverse fetal outcomes in the T2DM subjects. Further safety studies into the use of tacrolimus in the pre-pregnancy glycemic control may be beneficial.
Cortical Plasticity and Interneuron Recruitment in Adolescents Born to Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus.; Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in utero is associated with a range of adverse cognitive and neurological outcomes. Previously, we reported altered neuroplastic responses to continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) in GDM-exposed adolescents. Recent research suggests that the relative excitability of complex oligosynaptic circuits (late I-wave circuits) can predict these responses. We aimed to determine if altered I-wave recruitment was associated with neuroplastic responses in adolescents born to women with GDM. A total of 20 GDM-exposed adolescents and 10 controls (aged 13.1 ± 1.0 years) participated. cTBS was used to induce neuroplasticity. I-wave recruitment was assessed by comparing motor-evoked potential latencies using different TMS coil directions. Recruitment of late I-waves was associated with stronger LTD-like neuroplastic responses to cTBS (p = < 0.001, R(2) = 0.36). There were no differences between groups in mean neuroplasticity (p = 0.37), I-wave recruitment (p = 0.87), or the association between these variables (p = 0.41). The relationship between I-wave recruitment and the response to cTBS previously observed in adults is also present in adolescents and does not appear to be altered significantly by in utero GDM exposure. Exposure to GDM does not appear to significantly impair LTD-like synaptic plasticity or interneuron recruitment.
Enhanced placental GLUT1 and GLUT3 expression in dexamethasone-induced fetal growth retardation.; Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) increases the risk of developing glucose intolerance and cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Fetal exposure to excess glucocorticoids may contribute to IUGR. Despite the importance of glucose supply for fetal growth, studies on glucose transporter expression in IUGR are few. Two glucose transporters, GLUT1 and GLUT3, are expressed in placenta. In rodent placenta, GLUT1 is replaced by GLUT3 during late gestation. We examined placental GLUT protein expression in 21-day pregnant rats administered dexamethasone (DEX) from day 15 of gestation via osmotic minipump (at doses of 100 or 200 microg/kg body wt. per day). A dose-dependent decline in placental and fetal weight occurred in the DEX groups at day 21. Placental GLUT3 protein expression increased dose-dependently in the DEX groups (by 1.3-fold (n.s) and 2.3-fold (P<0.01), respectively). GLUT1 protein expression also increased dose-dependently in the DEX groups (by 1.6-fold (P<0.05) and 1.9-fold (P<0.01), respectively). In the DEX-treated groups, altered GLUT protein expression occurred in the absence of altered peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-gamma) protein expression in day 21 placenta; however, PPAR-gamma protein expression in day 21 fetal hearts was greatly suppressed. We conclude that increased placental GLUT1 protein expression may reflect an attempt to increase placental or fetal glucose supply to attenuate the effect of excessive exposure to glucocorticoids to diminish fetal growth, whereas suppression of cardiac PPAR-gamma expression during cardiac development may contribute to the increased risk of developing heart disease found in people of below average birthweight.
Postpartum lifestyle behaviour among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: evidence from the HUNT study.; INTRODUCTION: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recommendations for postpartum follow-up include targeted lifestyle advice to lower the risk.The aim of this study was to compare postpartum lifestyle behaviours and perceptions among women with and without a history of GDM. In addition, we examined whether lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM participating in a lifestyle intervention study differed from lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM in the general population. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We linked data from the fourth survey of the population-based Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT4) to information from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway for women with registered births between 2000 and 2019. Using logistic regression, we compared lifestyle behaviours in women with and without GDM. In secondary analyses, lifestyle behaviours in women with GDM participating in a postpartum lifestyle intervention study were compared with HUNT participants with GDM using Fisher's exact tests/t-tests. RESULTS: A high proportion of the women in our population, regardless of GDM history, reported several unhealthy lifestyle behaviours. We found no significant association between history of GDM and lifestyle behaviours. The lifestyle intervention study for women with a history of GDM appeared to recruit women with more favourable lifestyle behaviours. CONCLUSIONS: Women, regardless of GDM history, could potentially benefit from further support for lifestyle improvement, but it may be especially important in women with a history of GDM given their increased risk of T2DM and CVD. Interventions targeting women with GDM might not reach the women with the unhealthiest lifestyle behaviours, and measures to reach out to all women should be further investigated.
Relationship between Ultra-Processed Food Consumption and Risk of Diabetes Mellitus: A Mini-Review.; Studying the factors that cause diabetes and conducting clinical trials has become a priority, particularly raising awareness of the dangers of the disease and how to overcome it. Diet habits are one of the most important risks that must be understood and carefully applied to reduce the risk of diabetes. Nowadays, consuming enough home-cooked food has become a challenge, particularly with modern life performance, pushing people to use processed foods. Ultra-processed food (UPF) consumption has grown dramatically over the last few decades worldwide. This growth is accompanied by the increasing prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) such as cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes. UPFs represent three main health concerns: (i) they are generally high in non-nutritive compounds such as sugars, sodium, and trans fat and low in nutritional compounds such as proteins and fibers, (ii) they contain different types of additives that may cause severe health issues, and (iii) they are presented in packages made of synthetic materials that may also cause undesirable health side-effects. The association between the consumption of UPF and the risk of developing diabetes was discussed in this review. The high consumption of UPF, almost more than 10% of the diet proportion, could increase the risk of developing type 2 diabetes in adult individuals. In addition, UPF may slightly increase the risk of developing gestational diabetes. Further efforts are needed to confirm this association; studies such as randomized clinical trials and prospective cohorts in different populations and settings are highly recommended. Moreover, massive improvement in foods' dietary guidelines to increase the awareness of UPF and their health concerns is highly recommended.
Familial and perinatal risk factors for micro- and macroalbuminuria in young IDDM patients.; It has been suggested that hereditary risk for hypertension and cardiovascular disease (CVD) as well as intrauterine growth may be involved in the pathogenesis of diabetic nephropathy. In the present study, we investigated the influence of familial and perinatal risk factors on the occurrence of micro- and macroalbuminuria in young IDDM patients. A cohort of 1,150 young patients with > or =5 years' duration of IDDM was screened for microalbuminuria. Data on family history of hypertension, CVD, IDDM, and NIDDM; perinatal factors such as birth weight, gestational age, and duration of breastfeeding; and maternal education, smoking, hypertension, and proteinuria during pregnancy were collected. We identified 75 patients with an albumin excretion rate > or =15 microg/min in more than two overnight urinary samples and compared them in a nested case-control study with three normoalbuminuric control subjects per patient from the same cohort, matched for diabetes duration. Perinatal factors were analyzed in all patients born at term (+/- 2 weeks), 59 of the 75 patients and 155 of the 225 control subjects. In univariate analysis, hypertension in parents (odds ratio [OR] 4.21), CVD in parents and grandparents (OR 1.26), maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR 3.21), and a low level of maternal education (OR 2.33) were significantly associated with the development of micro- and macroalbuminuria. When adjusted for other familial and perinatal factors, current mean blood pressure, HbA1c, smoking, BMI, sex, age, and postpubertal diabetes duration, using logistic regression analyses, only parental hypertension in all patients and maternal smoking during pregnancy and low level of maternal education in full-term patients were independent risk factors. When patients with poor glycemic control were analyzed separately, familial CVD, poor metabolic control, parental hypertension, maternal smoking during pregnancy, and level of maternal education were independent risk factors, with the adjusted OR markedly increased, compared with the matched subgroup with better HbA1c. In conclusion, familial hypertension and CVD, maternal smoking during pregnancy, and low level of maternal education may independently increase the risk for incipient nephropathy in full-term offspring who later develop IDDM. Current poor glycemic control seemed to increase the effect of these risk factors.
Utilization of primary and obstetric care after medically complicated pregnancies: an analysis of medical claims data.; BACKGROUND: Because pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, are risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease, post-delivery follow-up is recommended. OBJECTIVE: To determine predictors of post-delivery primary and obstetric care utilization in women with and without medical complications. RESEARCH DESIGN: Five-year retrospective cohort study using commercial and Medicaid insurance claims in Maryland. SUBJECTS: 7,741 women with a complicated pregnancy (GDM, hypertensive disorders and pregestational diabetes mellitus [DM]) and 23,599 women with a comparison pregnancy. MEASURES: We compared primary and postpartum obstetric care utilization rates in the 12 months after delivery between the complicated and comparison pregnancy groups. We conducted multivariate logistic regression to assess the association between pregnancy complications, sociodemographic predictor variables and utilization of care, stratified by insurance type. RESULTS: Women with a complicated pregnancy were older at delivery (p < 0.001), with higher rates of cesarean delivery (p < 0.0001) and preterm labor or delivery (p < 0.0001). Among women with Medicaid, 56.6% in the complicated group and 51.7% in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Statistically significant predictors of receiving a primary care visit included non-Black race, older age, preeclampsia or DM, and depression. Among women with commercial health insurance, 60.0% in the complicated group and 49.5% in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Pregnancy complication did not predict a primary care visit among women with commercial insurance. CONCLUSIONS: Women with pregnancy complications were more likely to attend primary care visits post-delivery compared to the comparison group, but overall visit rates were low. Although Medicaid expansion has potential to increase coverage, innovative models for preventive health services after delivery are needed to target women at higher risk for chronic disease development.
[Occurrence and related factors of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region during 2017-2019].; Objective: To investigate the incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and explore the related factors and their combined effects. Methods: The study subjects were women giving birth to live babies at the monitoring points of critical maternal hospital monitoring system in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2019. The data of general characteristics (age and marital status), pregnancies (parity, number of previous cesarean delivery, the number of prenatal check and number of fetuses in this pregnancy) and disease conditions (placenta previa, placental abruption, hypertension, diabetes, anemia, and heart disease) were collected, and the incidence of preterm birth were calculated according to the definition of preterm birth set by WHO and China, respectively. Logistic regression model was used to explore the factors associated with premature birth and their combined effects. Results: According to definitions of WHO and China, the cumulative incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi from 2017 to 2019 was 7.45% (16 819/225 727) and 7.34% (16 559/225 727), respectively. Advanced age [≤34 years old as reference, OR (95%CI) of 35-39 and ≥40 years old were 1.36 (1.30-1.42) and 1.61 (1.50-1.74), respectively], unmarried (including divorced or widowed) [OR (95%CI): 1.28 (1.17-1.40)], primiparae [OR (95%CI): 1.34 (1.29-1.40)], previous cesarean section [no previous cesarean section as reference, OR (95%CI) of 1 and ≥2 times of previous cesarean section were 1.30 (1.24-1.36) and 1.85 (1.65-2.08), respectively], antenatal examination<8 [OR (95%CI): 2.72 (2.62-2.81)], multiple pregnancies [OR (95%CI): 15.00 (14.01-16.06)], placenta previa [OR (95%CI): 6.90 (6.35-7.50)], placental abruption [OR (95%CI): 8.18 (7.36-9.10)], gestational hypertension [OR (95%CI): 2.29 (2.17-2.42)], gestational diabetes mellitus [OR (95%CI): 1.43 (1.37-1.49)], anemia [OR (95%CI): 1.10 (1.07-1.14)], and heart diseases [OR (95%CI): 2.98(2.43-3.65)] were all positively correlated with preterm birth. The risk of preterm birth in pregnant women exposed to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and ≥7 preterm birth related factors was 1.51, 2.29, 4.49, 9.69, 20.87, 46.88 and 192.11 times that of non-exposed women, respectively (all P values<0.001). Conclusion: Preterm birth is associated with maternal general characteristics, pregnancy and disease status, and the combined effect of preterm birth related factors significantly increases the risk of preterm birth.
Highlights of Cardiovascular Disease Prevention Studies Presented at the 2023 American Heart Association Scientific Sessions.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Focused review highlighting ten select studies presented at the 2023 American Heart Association (AHA) Scientific Sessions. RECENT FINDINGS: Included studies assessed semaglutide and cardiovascular outcomes in overweight or obese patients without diabetes (SELECT); dapagliflozin in patients with acute myocardial infarction without diabetes (DAPA-MI); effects of dietary sodium on systolic blood pressure in middle-aged individuals (CARDIA-SSBP); long-term blood pressure control after hypertensive pregnancy with physician guided self-management (POP-HT); effect and safety of zilebesiran, an RNA interference therapy, for sustained blood pressure reduction (KARDIA-1); recaticimab add-on therapy in patients with non-familial hypercholesterolemia and mixed hyperlipidemia (REMAIN-2); efficacy and safety of lepodisiran an extended duration short-interfering RNA targeting lipoprotein(a); safety and pharmacodynamic effects of an investigational DNA base editing medicine that inactivates the PCSK9 gene and lowers LDL cholesterol (VERVE-101); automated referral to centralized pharmacy services for evidence-based statin initiation in high-risk patients; and effects of intensive blood pressure lowering in reducing risk of cardiovascular events (ESPRIT). Research presented at the 2023 AHA Scientific Sessions emphasized innovative strategies in cardiovascular disease prevention and management.
Retinal arterial occlusion and patent foramen ovale: A case study-based review.; PURPOSE: To identify all reported cases of retinal artery occlusion (RAO) associated with patent foramen ovale (PFO) in the literature and present a similar case of CRAO from our clinic. METHODS: PubMed database was searched for studies reporting RAO in individuals with PFO. Relevant data were tabulated and reviewed. We estimated each case's Risk of Paradoxical Embolism (RoPE) score. RESULTS: 23 cases of CRAO (n=10; including ours), BRAO (n=10), and CILRAO (n=3) were reviewed. Most cases were under 50 years of age (78.3%). The reported predisposing factors were: hypertension (26.1%), migraine (17.3%), smoking (13.0%), recent immobilization (13.0%), strenuous exertion (8.7%), pregnancy (8.7%), and diabetes (4.3%). A high RoPE score (≥7; suggestive of paradoxical embolism via PFO) was estimated for 71.4% of patients. In most cases, the neurological and cardiovascular examinations, laboratory studies, and imaging were unremarkable, except for the PFO±atrial septal aneurysm (present in 21.7%). In only 28.6% of cases, transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) (± saline contrast) could visualize the PFO; transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) was necessary to detect the PFO in 71.4%. Approximately one-half of the patients underwent percutaneous closure of the PFO; no complications or subsequent acute ischemic events ensued. The visual prognosis was poorer for CRAO than for BRAO or CILRAO. CONCLUSION: Timely diagnosis, acute management, and ensuring urgent initiation of stroke workup in cases with RAO or transient monocular vision loss are crucial. Clues to a possible paradoxical embolism as the cause include the absence of known cardiovascular risk factors, young age, migraine, recent immobility, vigorous exercise, and pregnancy.
Translating HbA(1c) measurements into estimated average glucose values in pregnant women with diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: This study aimed to examine the relationship between average glucose levels, assessed by continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), and HbA(1c) levels in pregnant women with diabetes to determine whether calculations of standard estimated average glucose (eAG) levels from HbA(1c) measurements are applicable to pregnant women with diabetes. METHODS: CGM data from 117 pregnant women (89 women with type 1 diabetes; 28 women with type 2 diabetes) were analysed. Average glucose levels were calculated from 5-7 day CGM profiles (mean 1275 glucose values per profile) and paired with a corresponding (±1 week) HbA(1c) measure. In total, 688 average glucose-HbA(1c) pairs were obtained across pregnancy (mean six pairs per participant). Average glucose level was used as the dependent variable in a regression model. Covariates were gestational week, study centre and HbA(1c). RESULTS: There was a strong association between HbA(1c) and average glucose values in pregnancy (coefficient 0.67 [95% CI 0.57, 0.78]), i.e. a 1% (11 mmol/mol) difference in HbA(1c) corresponded to a 0.67 mmol/l difference in average glucose. The random effects model that included gestational week as a curvilinear (quadratic) covariate fitted best, allowing calculation of a pregnancy-specific eAG (PeAG). This showed that an HbA(1c) of 8.0% (64 mmol/mol) gave a PeAG of 7.4-7.7 mmol/l (depending on gestational week), compared with a standard eAG of 10.2 mmol/l. The PeAG associated with maintaining an HbA(1c) level of 6.0% (42 mmol/mol) during pregnancy was between 6.4 and 6.7 mmol/l, depending on gestational week. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The HbA(1c)-average glucose relationship is altered by pregnancy. Routinely generated standard eAG values do not account for this difference between pregnant and non-pregnant individuals and, thus, should not be used during pregnancy. Instead, the PeAG values deduced in the current study are recommended for antenatal clinical care.
[Fibrinolytic system and a central retinal vein thrombosis].; On the basis of literature review the role of fibrinolysis in the pathogenesis of central retinal vein thrombosis is presented. It has been proved by many authors that fibrinolytic activity is depressed in patients with vascular thrombosis, due to increased levels of fibrinolytic inhibitors mainly plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI 1), and/or decreased levels of tissue plasmogen activator (t-PA). Low levels of t-PA and increased levels of PAI-1 have been found in states of special risk of thrombosis: obesity, diabetes mellitus, postoperative states, rheumatoid arthritis, malignancies and other diseases such as Behcet's syndrome. In pregnancy susceptibility to thrombosis follows the presence in blood of PAI-2, an inhibitor of plasminogen activators secreted by the placenta. Therapy is based on the use of anticoagulants (e.g. heparin) and thrombolytic agents (e.g. streptokinase).
Outcomes of Infants with Very Low Birth Weight Associated with Birthplace Difference: A Retrospective Cohort Study of Births in Japan and California.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether outcomes among infants with very low birth weight (VLBW) vary according to the birthplace (Japan or California) controlling for maternal ethnicity. STUDY DESIGN: Severe intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) and mortality were ascertained for infants with VLBW born at 24-29 weeks of gestation during 2008-2017 and retrospectively analyzed by the country of birth for mothers and infants (Japan or California). RESULTS: Rates of severe IVH, mortality, or combined IVH/mortality were lower in the 24 095 infants born in Japan (5.1%, 5.0%, 8.8% respectively) compared with infants born in California either to 157 mothers with Japanese ethnicity (12.5%, 9.7%, 17.8%) or to a comparison group of 6173 non-Hispanic white mothers (8.4%, 8.8%, 14.6%). ORs for adverse outcomes were increased for infants born in California to mothers with Japanese ethnicity compared with infants born in Japan for severe IVH (OR, 3.31; 95% CI, 1.93-5.68), mortality (3.73; 95% CI, 2.03-6.86), and the combined outcome (3.26; 95% CI, 2.02-5.27). The odds of these outcomes also were increased for infants born in California to non-Hispanic white mothers compared with infants born in Japan. Outcomes of infants born in California did not differ by Japanese or non-Hispanic white maternal ethnicity. CONCLUSIONS: Low rates of severe IVH and mortality for infants with VLBW born in Japan were not seen in infants born in California to mothers with Japanese ethnicity. Differences in systems of regional perinatal care, social environment, and the quality of perinatal care may partially account for these differences in outcomes.
Assessment of Somatic Support Process for Pregnant Brain Death Patients Occurring in a Transition Country Between Asia and Europe from Medical, Ethical, Legal and Religious Aspects.; In spite of the fact that brain death during pregnancy is not a common occurrence, it is an important ethical problem for all cultures and religions can have a significant influence on the donation decision after brain death. Therefore, this study aimed to present the case of a pregnant patient developing brain death which occurred in our intensive care unit and to compare the medical, ethical and legal problems relating to pregnant cases developing brain death with 24 cases in the literature. A 21-year-old 19-week pregnant case with gestational diabetes was monitored in the anesthesia intensive care unit and developed brain death due to intracranial mass and intraventricular hemorrhage. Though brain death is a situation well understood by organ transplant professionals, brain death developing in pregnant patients still involves many medical, ethical and legal problems.
Efficacy and safety of oral and vaginal administration of misoprostol for induction of labor in high-risk obese pregnant women with hypertension or diabetes mellitus.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to compare the safety and efficacy of misoprostol administered orally and vaginally in obese pregnant women at term with either gestational hypertension or diabetes. METHODS: A total of 264 pregnant women were enrolled and categorized into two groups based on their primary condition: hypertension (134 cases) or diabetes mellitus (130 cases) and were further divided into subgroups for misoprostol administration: orally (Oral group) or vaginally (Vaginal group). The primary outcomes measured were changes in the Bishop score following treatment, induction of labor (IOL) success rates, requirement for oxytocin augmentation, duration of labor, mode of delivery, and cesarean section rates. RESULTS: Significant enhancements in Bishop scores, decreased cesarean section rates and increased success rates of IOL were noted in both administration groups. The incidence of vaginal delivery within 24 h was significantly higher in the Vaginal group compared to the Oral group. Adverse effects, including nausea, uterine overcontraction, hyperfrequency of uterine contraction and uterine hyperstimulation without fetal heart rate deceleration, were significantly more prevalent in the Vaginal group than in the Oral group. CONCLUSION: Misoprostol administration, both orally and vaginally, proves effective for labor induction in obese pregnant women with hypertension or diabetes. However, the oral route presents a lower risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, suggesting its preference for safer labor induction in this demographic.
Maternal cardiovascular function at 35-37 weeks' gestation: relation to maternal characteristics.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the possible effects of maternal characteristics and obstetric and medical history on maternal cardiovascular parameters at 35-37 weeks' gestation. METHODS: In 3013 singleton pregnancies at 35-37 weeks, maternal characteristics and medical history were recorded; uterine artery pulsatility index, mean arterial pressure (MAP) and maternal cardiovascular parameters were measured. Multivariable regression analysis was used to determine significant predictors of the cardiovascular parameters among gestational age (GA), maternal characteristics and medical history. RESULTS: Multivariable regression analysis demonstrated that significant independent prediction of log(10) cardiac output and log(10) cardiac power was provided by GA, maternal age, weight, weight gain from the first trimester, height, racial origin, smoking, assisted conception and previous neonatal birth-weight Z-score in parous women. For log(10) total peripheral resistance, significant prediction was provided by GA, maternal age, height, racial origin, chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, assisted conception, previous neonatal birth-weight Z-score and prior pre-eclampsia (PE) in parous women. For log(10) stroke volume, significant prediction was provided by maternal age, height, racial origin, smoking, chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus. For heart rate, significant prediction was provided by GA, weight, weight gain, height, racial origin, chronic hypertension, previous neonatal birth-weight Z-score and prior PE in parous women. For log(10) MAP, significant prediction was provided by maternal weight, racial origin, family history of PE, chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus. For log(10) thoracic fluid capacity, significant prediction was provided by GA, maternal age, weight, height, racial origin and systemic lupus erythematosus or antiphospholipid syndrome. For log(10) ventricular ejection time, significant prediction was provided by GA, weight, height and racial origin. CONCLUSION: Maternal cardiovascular parameters are affected by maternal characteristics and medical and obstetric history, and they should therefore be converted into multiples of the normal median adjusted for significant independent predictors before their inclusion in combined screening for PE. Copyright © 2016 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Cardiovascular disease in menopause: does the obstetric history have any bearing?; Cardiovascular disease remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in menopausal women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted mortality from the disease in the last few years. It is now clear that mechanisms of cardiovascular disease in menopausal women are similar to men and rather than midlife acceleration of cardiovascular disease in women, the final impact of cardiovascular disease in later life may be a reflection of cardiovascular changes during reproductive years as a result of woman's obstetric history. A decade after the Women's Health Initiative trial, there is upcoming evidence to suggest that hormone replacement therapy in young recently menopausal women has a cardioprotective effect. Cardiovascular changes during normal pregnancy or pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia may affect a woman's long-term cardiovascular health. Therefore, it is plausible that the cardioprotective benefit of hormone replacement therapy depends on occult pre-existing cardiovascular risks in women in relation to their previous obstetric history. In this review, we describe the cardiovascular changes during and after pregnancy in obstetric complications such as recurrent miscarriage, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour and gestational diabetes; existing evidence regarding their association with cardiovascular disease later in life, and hypothesize possible mechanisms. Our aim is to improve the understanding and highlight the importance of including obstetric history in risk assessment in menopausal women and individualizing their risks before prescribing hormone replacement therapy. Future research in risk benefit assessment of hormone replacement therapy should also account for a woman's background cardiovascular risk in the light of her obstetric history.
Fetal exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment resulted in a failure of cord blood endothelial progenitor cell adaptation against chronic hypoxia.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has long-term health consequences, and fetal exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment increases cardiovascular risk for her adult offspring. Some part of this could be related to their endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs). Understanding the vessel-forming ability of human umbilical cord blood (HUCB)-derived endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs) against pathological stress such as GDM response to hypoxia could generate new therapeutic strategies. This study aims to investigate the role of chronic hypoxia in EPCs functional and vessel-forming ability in GDM subjects. Each ECFC was expressed in endothelial and pro-angiogenic specific markers, namely endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), platelet (PECAM-1) endothelial cell adhesion molecule 1, vascular endothelial-cadherin CdH5 (Ca-dependent cell adhesion molecule), vascular endothelial growth factor A, (VEGFA) and insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF1). Chronic hypoxia did not affect CdH5, but PECAM1 MRNA expressions were increased in control and GDM subjects. Control hypoxic and GDM normoxic VEGFA MRNA expressions and hypoxia-inducible factor 1-alpha (HIF1α) protein expressions were significantly increased in HUCB ECFCs. GDM resulted in most failure of HUCB ECFC adaptation and eNOS protein expressions against chronic hypoxia. Chronic hypoxia resulted in an overall decline in HUCB ECFCs' proliferative ability due to reduction of clonogenic capacity and diminished vessel formation. Furthermore, GDM also resulted in most failure of cord blood ECFC adaptation against chronic hypoxic environment.
The "glitazones": rosiglitazone and pioglitazone.; Rosiglitazone and pioglitazone are two new additions to the therapeutic options for the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. These agents differ from our current therapies in their mode of action. They have potential non-glucose lowering effects that may reduce cardiovascular risk and are effective both as monotherapy and in combination with sulfonylureas, metformin, and insulin. They are generally well tolerated, with the main side effects being weight gain and fluid retention. However, special precaution is warranted in patients with congestive heart failure or hepatic disease, and monitoring of liver enzymes is recommended for the first year of therapy. Despite their effectiveness, rosiglitazone and pioglitazone remain second-line agents to metformin and glyburide, agents that have demonstrated efficacy in decreasing the microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
The maternal health clinic: an initiative for cardiovascular risk identification in women with pregnancy-related complications.; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop certain common pregnancy complications have a greater chance of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, most health care providers do not provide postpartum cardiovascular risk counselling or follow-up. The Maternal Health Clinic was established to address this gap in care. It targets women at increased risk of CVD to inspire lifestyle changes, encourage long-term follow-up, and initiate primary prevention. Here, we summarize results from the first 17 months of completed clinic visits. STUDY DESIGN: Patients experiencing at least one relevant complication in their index pregnancy were referred to the Maternal Health Clinic through standard postpartum order sheets. Patients underwent a complete assessment including screening history, physical examination, fasting bloodwork, and urinalysis. Lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates, along with a metabolic syndrome calculation, were determined for each patient. RESULTS: Complications most commonly leading to referral were gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (32.7%), preeclampsia (29.3%), preterm birth (29.3%), and gestational hypertension (19.6%). The clinic analysis group (n = 92) was compared with a healthy control group from the PreEclampsia New Emerging Team study (n = 118). Patients in the clinic analysis group had significantly increased lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates compared with healthy controls (P < .0001). Furthermore, 17.4% of the clinic analysis group had metabolic syndrome, compared with 6.78% of healthy controls (P < .05). CONCLUSION: This study demonstrates that the Maternal Health Clinic accurately identifies postpartum patients that have underlying cardiovascular risks which make them susceptible to CVD. The clinic may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy.
Impaired Maternal-Fetal Environment and Risk for Preoperative Focal White Matter Injury in Neonates With Complex Congenital Heart Disease.; Background Infants with congenital heart disease (CHD) are at risk for white matter injury (WMI) before neonatal heart surgery. Better knowledge of the causes of preoperative WMI may provide insights into interventions that improve neurodevelopmental outcomes in these patients. Methods and Results A prospective single-center study of preoperative WMI in neonates with CHD recorded data on primary cardiac diagnosis, maternal-fetal environment (MFE), delivery type, subject anthropometrics, and preoperative care. Total maturation score and WMI were assessed, and stepwise logistic regression modeling selected risk factors for WMI. Among subjects with severe CHD (n=183) who received a preoperative brain magnetic resonance imaging, WMI occurred in 40 (21.9%) patients. WMI prevalence (21.4%-22.1%) and mean volumes (119.7-160.4 mm(3)) were similar across CHD diagnoses. Stepwise logistic regression selected impaired MFE (odds ratio [OR], 2.85 [95% CI, 1.29-6.30]), male sex (OR, 2.27 [95% CI, 1.03-5.36]), and older age at surgery/magnetic resonance imaging (OR, 1.20 per day [95% CI, 1.03-1.41]) as risk factors for preoperative WMI and higher total maturation score values (OR, 0.65 per unit increase [95% CI, 0.43-0.95]) as protective. A quarter (24.6%; n=45) of subjects had ≥1 components of impaired MFE (gestational diabetes [n=12; 6.6%], gestational hypertension [n=11; 6.0%], preeclampsia [n=2; 1.1%], tobacco use [n=9; 4.9%], hypothyroidism [n=6; 3.3%], and other [n=16; 8.7%]). In a subset of 138 subjects, an exploratory analysis of additional MFE-related factors disclosed other potential risk factors for WMI. Conclusions This study is the first to identify impaired MFE as an important risk factor for preoperative WMI. Vulnerability to preoperative WMI was shared across CHD diagnoses.
Pregnancy following renal transplantation in Sri Lanka.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the outcome and complications of pregnancy following renal transplantation in Sri Lanka. METHODS: Ten pregnancies following transplantation managed between January 1993 and July 1999 by the University Obstetrics and Gynaecology Unit, De Soysa Hospital for Women, Colombo were reviewed. RESULTS: Five women had planned pregnancy with an average duration from transplantation to conception of 2.3 (+/- 0.2) years; five had an unplanned pregnancy within 12 months of transplantation. All were treated with immunosuppressives, with none developing rejection. In the planned pregnancy group, 3 developed pregnancy induced hypertension and 3 impaired glucose tolerance. All delivered mature healthy babies with an average birth weight of 2.6 (+/- 0.3) kg. In the unplanned group, 1 developed cholestatic jaundice and delivered a growth retarded baby at 36 weeks. Another developed severe pulmonary oedema at 34 weeks (due to a past myocardial infarction) resulting in a fresh stillbirth. Two others has mid-trimester foetal deaths complicating severe diabetes mellitus. The conception at 3 months after transplantation developed diabetes mellitus and pregnancy induced hypertension, and delivered a live growth retarded baby. None had deterioration of renal function. CONCLUSION: Although a successful outcome is possible with stringent pre-pregnancy selection, maternal morbidity and foetal wastage can be high in those without.
Maternal nutrition, fetal nutrition, and disease in later life.; Recent findings suggest that many human fetuses have to adapt to a limited supply of nutrients and in doing so they permanently change their physiology and metabolism. These "programmed" changes may be the origins of a number of diseases in later life, including coronary heart disease and the related disorders stroke, diabetes, and hypertension.
Maternal morbidity and risk of death at delivery hospitalization.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effect of underlying maternal morbidities on the odds of maternal death during delivery hospitalization. METHODS: We used data that linked birth certificates to hospital discharge diagnoses from singleton live births at 22 weeks of gestation or later during 1995-2003 in New York City. Maternal morbidities examined included prepregnancy weight more than 114 kilograms (250 pounds), chronic hypertension, pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic cardiovascular disease, pulmonary hypertension, chronic lung disease, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and preeclampsia or eclampsia. Associations with maternal mortality were estimated using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: During the specified time period, 1,084,862 live singleton births and 132 maternal deaths occurred. Patients with increasing maternal age, non-Hispanic black ethnicity, self-pay or Medicaid, primary cesarean delivery, and premature delivery had higher rates of maternal mortality during delivery hospitalization. From the entire study population, 4.1% had preeclampsia or eclampsia (n=44,004), 1.8% had chronic hypertension (n=19,647), 1.1% of patients were classified as obese (n=11,936), 0.7% had pregestational diabetes (n=7,474), 0.4% had HIV (n=4,665), and 0.01% had pulmonary hypertension (n=166). Preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 8.1; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.5-12.1), chronic hypertension (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 4.7-12.5), underlying maternal obesity (adjusted OR, 2.9; 95% CI 1.1-8.1), pregestational diabetes (adjusted OR, 3.3; 95% CI 1.3-8.1), HIV (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 3.4-17.8), and pulmonary hypertension (adjusted OR, 65.1; 95% CI 15.8-269.3) were associated with an increased risk of death during the delivery hospitalization. CONCLUSION: The presence of maternal disease significantly increases the odds of maternal mortality at the time of delivery hospitalization. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Association between pre-pregnancy body mass index and the risk of preterm birth: a mediating effect of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: We aim to explore the mediating effect of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) on the relationship between pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and the risk of preterm birth (PTB) in women with singleton live births. METHODS: Demographic and clinical data of 3,249,159 women with singleton live births were extracted from the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS) database in this retrospective cohort study. The associations between pre-pregnancy BMI and HDP, HDP, and PTB, and pre-pregnancy BMI and PTB were evaluated using univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses, with odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to explore the mediating effect of HDP on the relationship between pre-pregnancy BMI and PTB. RESULTS: In total, 324,627 women (9.99%) had PTB. After adjustment for covariables, there were significant associations between pre-pregnancy BMI and HDP [OR = 2.07, 95% CI: 2.05-2.09)], HDP and PTB [OR = 2.54, 95% CI: (2.52-2.57)], and pre-pregnancy BMI and PTB [OR = 1.03, 95% CI: 1.02-1.03)]. The effect of pre-pregnancy BMI on PTB was significantly mediated by HDP with a mediation proportion of 63.62%, especially in women of different ages and having gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or not. CONCLUSION: HDP may play a mediating role in the effect of pre-pregnancy BMI on PTB risk. Women preparing for pregnancy should pay close attention to BMI, and pregnant women should monitor and develop interventions for HDP to reduce the risk of PTB.
Myelination as a parameter of normal and retarded brain maturation.; In this study a comparison of the myelination rate in humans in normal and pathologic conditions was made. The progress of myelination was examined on slides stained by the Klüver-Barrera method and evaluated as to four degrees. The prenatal myelination in the brain stem in a group of newborns who died of pregnancy pathology was correlated with normal brain stem myelination. Retardation of myelination by 2 to 10 weeks was found in cases with gestosis and diabetes in anamnesia. The myelin sheath formation in a group of children who died during the first three years of life after severe chronic diseases neoplastic and congenital heart failure was compared with the normal rate of postnatal myelination of the temporal lobe. The myelination process was evidently retarded by 2 to 20 months. The observations presented in this paper allowed the conclusion that pathologic conditions occurring in the maturing human may cause retarded maturation of myelin sheath.
Management of pregnancy in left ventricular assist device and heart transplant recipients: a concise review.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Women of reproductive age are increasingly undergoing heart transplantation (HT) or left ventricular assist device (LVAD) implantation for advanced heart failure. This review is intended to give an overview of the current state of the art management of pregnancy in patients with LVAD or HT recipients. RECENT FINDINGS: Heart transplant recipients are at increased risk for graft rejection, renal dysfunction, preeclampsia and worsening of comorbidities (hypertension and diabetes). Patients with LVAD are at higher risk of thromboembolic events, infections, right ventricular failure and require close surveillance during pregnancy. Preconception counseling must be offered to all women of reproductive age group with HT or LVAD to avoid unplanned pregnancies. SUMMARY: A multidisciplinary approach with close antepartum and postpartum surveillance is recommended.
Physical activity and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among Hispanic women.; PURPOSE: Prior studies of the association between physical activity and risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy have been conflicting, failed to assess total physical activity, and included few Hispanic women, the largest minority group in the United States with the highest birth rates. METHODS: We examined this association among 1043 participants in the Latina Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Study, a prospective cohort of predominantly Puerto Rican prenatal care patients conducted from 2000 to 2004 in western Massachusetts. Physical activity before and in early pregnancy was assessed by bilingual interviewers using a modified version of the Kaiser Physical Activity Survey. RESULTS: Fifty women (4.8%) were diagnosed with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and 30 (2.9%) with preeclampsia. In multivariable analyses, there was a statistically significant trend of decreasing risk of hypertensive disorders with increasing sports/exercise in early pregnancy (P(trend) = 0.04). High levels of early pregnancy active living activity (odds ratio (OR) = 0.4, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.1-1.1, P(trend) = 0.07) and household/care giving activity (OR = 0.4, 95% CI = 0.1-1.3, P(trend) = 0.07) were associated with a 60% reduction in risk of hypertensive disorders relative to low levels; however, these associations were of marginal statistical significance. High levels of total physical activity (OR = 0.3, 95% CI = 0.1-1.0, P(trend) = 0.06) in early pregnancy were associated with a 70% reduction in the risk of hypertensive disorders relative to low levels; however, this association was also of marginal statistical significance. Prepregnancy physical activity was not associated with hypertensive disorders. CONCLUSIONS: These results in a Hispanic population, although based on small numbers of cases, corroborate previous studies suggesting that recreational activity in early pregnancy reduces the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Optimal Timing of Delivery for Pregnant Individuals With Mild Chronic Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the optimal gestational age to deliver pregnant people with chronic hypertension to improve perinatal outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a planned secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial of chronic hypertension treatment to different blood pressure goals. Participants with term, singleton gestations were included. Those with fetal anomalies and those with a diagnosis of preeclampsia before 37 weeks of gestation were excluded. The primary maternal composite outcome included death, serious morbidity (heart failure, stroke, encephalopathy, myocardial infarction, pulmonary edema, intensive care unit admission, intubation, renal failure), preeclampsia with severe features, hemorrhage requiring blood transfusion, or abruption. The primary neonatal outcome included fetal or neonatal death, respiratory support beyond oxygen mask, Apgar score less than 3 at 5 minutes, neonatal seizures, or suspected sepsis. Secondary outcomes included intrapartum cesarean birth, length of stay, neonatal intensive care unit admission, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), transient tachypnea of the newborn, and hypoglycemia. Those with a planned delivery were compared with those expectantly managed at each gestational week. Adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs are reported. RESULTS: We included 1,417 participants with mild chronic hypertension; 305 (21.5%) with a new diagnosis in pregnancy and 1,112 (78.5%) with known preexisting hypertension. Groups differed by body mass index (BMI) and preexisting diabetes. In adjusted models, there was no association between planned delivery and the primary maternal or neonatal composite outcome in any gestational age week compared with expectant management. Planned delivery at 37 weeks of gestation was associated with RDS (7.9% vs 3.0%, aOR 2.70, 95% CI, 1.40-5.22), and planned delivery at 37 and 38 weeks was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia (19.4% vs 10.7%, aOR 1.97, 95% CI, 1.27-3.08 in week 37; 14.4% vs 7.7%, aOR 1.82, 95% CI, 1.06-3.10 in week 38). CONCLUSION: Planned delivery in the early-term period compared with expectant management was not associated with a reduction in adverse maternal outcomes. However, it was associated with increased odds of some neonatal complications. Delivery timing for individuals with mild chronic hypertension should weigh maternal and neonatal outcomes in each gestational week but may be optimized by delivery at 39 weeks.
Pregnancy and Reproductive Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Women.; Beyond conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, women face an additional burden of sex-specific risk factors. Key stages of a woman's reproductive history may influence or reveal short- and long-term cardiometabolic and cardiovascular trajectories. Early and late menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, infertility, adverse pregnancy outcomes (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction), and absence of breastfeeding are all associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk. The menopause transition additionally represents a period of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk, with timing (eg, premature menopause), mechanism, and symptoms of menopause, as well as treatment of menopause symptoms, each contributing to this risk. Differences in conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed associations between reproductive history and later-life cardiovascular disease; further research is needed to elucidate hormonal effects and unique sex-specific disease mechanisms. A history of reproductive risk factors represents an opportunity for comprehensive risk factor screening, refinement of cardiovascular disease risk assessment, and implementation of primordial and primary prevention to optimize long-term cardiometabolic health in women.
HSV infection is associated with gestational hypertension: results from the US National inpatient sample.; The purpose of this study was to determine if there is an association between maternal herpes simplex virus (HSV) infection and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia or gestational hypertension. The US Nationwide Inpatient Sample database was searched for women aged 15-44 years who delivered in a hospital between 2005 and 2014. The patients were categorized into those with and without HSV and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational hypertension were compared between the groups. The analytic sample size (n=8 264 076) was equivalent to a population-based sample size of 40 653 030 patients. After adjusting for significant variables including age, race, income, insurance status, diabetes mellitus (DM), gestational DM, obesity, and multiple gestations, multivariate regression analysis indicated that HSV was associated with a higher OR for gestational hypertension (adjusted OR 1.038; 95% CI 1.004 to 1.072). However, HSV was not associated with pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (OR 1.001; 95% CI 0.968 to 1.035) in univariate regression analysis. The results of the current study suggest that HSV infection is associated with gestational hypertension but not pre-eclampsia. Given the prevalence of HSV infection and its potential association with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, further study of HSV and hypertension in pregnancy is warranted.
[Long-term outcome of renal function in women with preeclampia and pregestational diabetes].; Pre-eclampsia (PE) is an important cause of acute renal failure and an important risk marker for subsequent chronic kidney disease. In normal pregnancy, there are marked changes in the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) including considerably elevated angiotensin II (ang II) levels. However, vascular resistance decreases markedly during normal pregnancy, suggesting that pregnant individuals are less sensitive to ang II than non-pregnant individuals. In contrast, during PE decreased circulating components of the RAS with enhanced sensitivity of ang II infusion have been reported. Patients with a history of PE have an increased risk of microalbuminuria with a prevalence similar to subjects with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Women with gestational or chronic hypertension were at a high risk of end-stage renal disease (ESRD) vs. normotensive ones, but the risk is much greater for women who had PE or eclampsia than those who had gestational hypertension only. A previous episode of PE should suggest long-term follow-up, especially with respect to hypertension and microalbuminuria within 6-8 weeks of delivery, and should require a nephrological consult if these disorders do not resolve. Pregestational diabetes was also associated with long-term increased risk of ESRD and death. Lastly, women who have PE and give birth to offspring with low birth weight and short gestation have a substantially increased risk for having a later kidney biopsy. For all these reasons, short and long-term evaluation of kidney function should be suggested in women with previous complicated pregnancy.
[The role of cytokines in Th1/Th2 balance in pregnant women with transient hypertension].; OBJECTIVES: There is growing evidence that Th1/Th2 imbalance in cytokine network may play role in immunopathology of preeclampsia (PE). Normal pregnancy is "Th2 phenomenon" while PE is believed to be caused by Th1-shift. There is few data concerning Th1/Th2 imbalance in transient hypertension of pregnancy (TH). DESIGN: The aim of this study was to check the hypothesis that changes in IFN-gamma and IL-2 (Th1 cytokines) levels are accompanied with deficit in TGF-beta (anti-Th1 cytokine) production in TH. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study group consisted of 10 pregnant women with TH diagnosed between 30-37 week of gestation (mean age 27.0 +/- 3.0 years, mean gestational age 33.5 +/- 3.0 weeks) and 10 women with uncomplicated pregnancy (mean age 26.0 +/- 3.5 years, mean gestational age 35.5 +/- 1.5 weeks). All women were primigravidae matched according to gestational age and race. They had no diabetes mellitus and renal diseases prior to pregnancy neither had any features of them during the study. They had no hypertension before pregnancy. Exclusion criteria were: uterine contractions, infection and therapy with steroids before blood sampling. TH was defined according to USA National Health Institute criteria. Peripheral blood lymphocytes (PBL) were cultured for 72 hours in standard 1640 RPMI medium enriched with 20% FCS, L-glutamine, antibiotics (Sigma) and mitogen phytohemaglutynine (PHA) (Sigma). Cytokine levels were estimated in culture supernatants by using standard ELISA kits according to the indications of the producer (R&D). Statistical analysis was performed with Student-T test. RESULTS: In TH group the levels of IL-2 were higher compared with control group but the differences did not reach statistical significance (4.5 vs. 1.56 pg/ml, t = -1.00, p < 0.1). The same referred to IFN-gamma levels (754.0 vs. 771.0 pg/ml, t = -0.04, NS). However, TGF-beta levels were significantly lower in TH group compared with control group (2459.2 vs. 4156.4 pg/ml, t = -1.47, p < 0.05). Conclusion is that there is a significant deficit of TGF-beta production in peripheral blood lymphocytes of women with TH studied "in vitro". This may contribute to Th1-shift seen in TH similarly to PE.
Optimal timing of delivery in pregnancies with pre-existing hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the optimal timing of delivery in pregnancies with pre-existing (chronic) hypertension by quantifying the gestational age-specific risks of stillbirth associated with ongoing pregnancy and the gestational age-specific risks of neonatal mortality or serious neonatal morbidity following the induction of labour. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. SETTING: USA. POPULATION: A total of 171 669 singleton births to women with pre-existing hypertension between 1995 and 2005. Pregnancies additionally complicated by diabetes mellitus, cardiac, pulmonary or renal disease were excluded. METHODS: The week-specific risks of stillbirth between 36 and 41 completed weeks of gestation were contrasted with the week-specific risks of neonatal mortality or serious neonatal morbidity among births following induction of labour in women with pre-existing hypertension. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Stillbirth, neonatal mortality or serious neonatal morbidity (defined as a composite outcome which included any of the following: neonatal seizures, severe respiratory morbidity or 5-minute Apgar score ≤3). RESULTS: The risk of stillbirth in women with pre-existing hypertension remained stable at 1.0-1.1 per 1000 ongoing pregnancies until 38 weeks, before rising steadily to 3.5 per 1000 [95% confidence interval (CI): 2.4, 5.0] at 41 weeks. The risk of serious neonatal morbidity/neonatal mortality decreased sharply between 36 and 38 weeks from 137 [95% CI: 127, 146] to 26 [95% CI: 24, 29] per 1000 induced births, before stabilising beyond 39 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Among women with otherwise uncomplicated pre-existing hypertension, delivery at 38 or 39 weeks appears to provide the optimal trade-off between the risk of adverse fetal and adverse neonatal outcomes.
Pathophysiological Insight into Fatty Acid-Binding Protein-4: Multifaced Roles in Reproduction, Pregnancy, and Offspring Health.; Fatty acid-binding protein-4 (FABP4), commonly known as adipocyte-fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP), is a pleiotropic adipokine that broadly affects immunity and metabolism. It has been increasingly recognized that FABP4 dysfunction is associated with various metabolic syndromes, including obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and metabolic inflammation. However, its explicit roles within the context of women's reproduction and pregnancy remain to be investigated. In this review, we collate recent studies probing the influence of FABP4 on female reproduction, pregnancy, and even fetal health. Elevated circulating FABP4 levels have been found to correlate with impaired reproductive function in women, such as polycystic ovary syndrome and endometriosis. Throughout pregnancy, FABP4 affects maternal-fetal interface homeostasis by affecting both glycolipid metabolism and immune tolerance, leading to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including miscarriage, gestational obesity, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia. Moreover, maternal FABP4 levels exhibit a substantial linkage with the metabolic health of offspring. Herein, we discuss the emerging significance and potential application of FABP4 in reproduction and pregnancy health and delve into its underlying mechanism at molecular levels.
Haemorrhagic stroke in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To present a case of acute haemorrhagic stroke during 3rd trimester of pregnancy and to describe management and successful delivery of healthy baby. CASE REPORT: Haemorrhagic stroke is responsible for significant morbidity and mortality. Prognosis can be improved only by urgent diagnosis and care. We report a case of pregnant woman at 37th week of pregnancy with acute haemorrhagic stroke of unknown etiology with clinical appearance of thunderclap headaches and overall disorientation. We describe diagnostic approach and a successful management followed by further differential diagnosis and treatment. The foetus was delivered by acute caesarean section at 37th week of pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Occurrence of haemorrhagic stroke in pregnancy is rare. There are no specific guidelines that recommend the time and mode of delivery; therefore, each case is assessed individually.
Fatal fetal outcome with the combined use of valsartan and atenolol.; OBJECTIVE: To report a case of anhydramnios, pulmonary hypoplasia, very small placenta, and fetal death in a pregnancy complicated by chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus that had been treated through the first 24 weeks of gestation with valsartan and atenolol. CASE SUMMARY: A 40-year-old Hispanic woman with well-controlled chronic hypertension and diet-controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus was treated with valsartan and atenolol until pregnancy was diagnosed at 24 weeks' gestation. An ultrasound examination revealed normal fetal growth and anatomy but anhydramnios (amniotic fluid index 0). Valsartan was discontinued, and amniotic fluid volume normalized within two weeks. Intrauterine fetal death was documented at 33 weeks' gestation. Labor was induced, with the delivery of a stillbom female fetus with small, hypoplastic lungs (weight 41% of expected) and an extremely small, 148-g placenta (weight 48% of the 10th percentile for gestational age). DISCUSSION: The use of valsartan, a selective angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARA), in human pregnancy has not been reported, but this class of agents would be expected to cause fetal toxicity similar to that observed with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors. This toxicity includes reduced perfusion of the fetal kidneys, resulting in anuria, oligohydramnios, and subsequent pulmonary hypoplasia. The small hypoplastic lungs and very small placenta were probably a consequence of valsartan and atenolol combination therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Resolution of anhydramnios after discontinuing valsartan is evidence for ARA-induced fetal toxicity. The pulmonary hypoplasia observed in the stillbom infant was a direct result of the severe oligohydramnios. The cause of fetal death nine weeks later is uncertain, but because the woman's chronic hypertension and diabetes were well controlled, we believe the primary cause was chronic placental insufficiency resulting from the previous combination of valsartan and atenolol.
Hormonal contraception in women at risk of vascular and metabolic disorders: guidelines of the French Society of Endocrinology.; Hormonal contraceptive methods are widely used in France, including not only oral estrogen-progestin combinations but also non-oral estrogen-progestin delivery methods (patches, vaginal rings), as well as oral forms, implants and intra-uterine devices that deliver only a progestin. Hormonal contraception has only a modest impact on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, but estrogen-progestin contraceptives have been linked to a variety of vascular risks. Overall, the risk of venous thrombosis is multiplied by a factor of about 4, depending on age, the compounds used, and other risk factors (including biological thrombophilia and a personal history of thrombosis), whereas the risk of arterial events is only increased in women with risk factors. Available data suggest there is no excess risk with progestin-based contraceptives, but far fewer studies have been conducted. At the initiative of the French Society of Endocrinology, an expert group met in 2010 in order to reach a consensus on the use of hormonal contraceptive methods in women with vascular or metabolic risk factors, based on available data and international guidelines published by WHO in 2009 and subsequently adapted to the United States context. The following text, intentionally limited to hormonal contraception, is intended to serve as a guide when prescribing in specific clinical situations, such as a family or personal history of arterial or venous thromboembolism, or the existence of cardiovascular risk factors (hypertension, smoking, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obesity).
Impact of maternal diabetes mellitus on fetal atrial strain.; While Maternal Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is well known to affect the size and function of multiple fetal organ systems, effects on developing heart chamber function remain difficult to assess. We sought to determine the independent impact of maternal DM on fetal cardiac function in middle pregnancy. We prospectively recruited mothers with all categories of DM and non-diabetic healthy controls (NDC). Echocardiograms were optimized for chamber quantification and strain analysis. Left atrial area (LAA), LA strain (LAS), right atrial strain (RAS), global longitudinal ventricular strain (GLS) and Right ventricular free wall strain (RV FWS) were evaluated by 2 blinded operators. After excluding 9 mothers with poor fetal image quality, images from 104 mothers with DM and 47 NDC were analyzed. Mothers with DM and NDCs were well matched for age, blood pressure, smoking prevalence, and gestational age. Fetal heart rate (FHR) was significantly higher in fetuses of mothers with DM compared to NDC (147 ± 10 bpm vs. 144 ± 8, p = 0.04). LAA in fetuses of mothers with DM trended towards being larger in size (1.68 ± 0.4cm(2) vs. 1.56 ± 0.4cm(2), p = 0.08). Fetal septal diameters were larger in maternal DM compared to NDC (2.7 ± 0.5 cm vs. 2.5 ± 0.5 cm, p = 0.001). GLS was similar between the groups. Fetal LAS was lower in maternal DM (28.8 ± 8.8% vs. 33.3 ± 10.4%, p = 0.007) and was independently associated with maternal DM after adjusting for GLS and FHR. Fetal RAS was lower in maternal DM (27.7 ± 10.4% vs. 31.8 ± 10.3%, p = 0.007), however only determinates were estimated fetal weight and RV FWS. Maternal DM independently impairs fetal LA function in mid pregnancy. These early functional changes in the developing heart warrant future studies investigating impact on cardiovascular health.
Association of neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio with preterm necrotizing enterocolitis: a retrospective case-control study.; BACKGROUND: There have been few studies on the relationship between the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). We conducted a retrospective case-control study to investigate this relationship in preterm neonates. METHODS: A total of 199 preterm neonates diagnosed with NEC between January 2018 and January 2020 were included in this study. For each preterm infant with NEC that was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), controls were preterm neonates (matched for gestation and year of birth) who were not diagnosed with NEC. Exclusion criteria were post-maturity, small or large for gestational age (week of pregnancy), congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify the association between NLR and preterm NEC. RESULTS: This study included 93 preterm neonates with NEC and 106 matched controls. There were no significant differences in gestational age (GA), birth weight (BW), age, sex, vaginal delivery (VD), chorioamnionitis (CA), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between the groups. Compared with the control group, the lower and higher NLR levels in the NEC group were statistically different. Following univariate analysis, NLR was a risk factor for NEC (odds ratio [OR], 1.40; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00-1.90; P = 0.042), and according to multivariate analysis, risk factors for NEC were NLR ≥ 3.20 and NLR < 1.60, within 1 week before NEC diagnosis. Thus, NLR values of ≥ 1.60 and < 3.20 were determined as the predictive cut-off values for protecting preterm infants from NEC (Model I: OR, 0.20; 95% CI, 0.10-0.40; P < 0.001) and (Model II: OR, 0.10; 95% CI, 0.00-0.40; P < 0.001]. CONCLUSIONS: NLR ≥ 1.60 and NLR < 3.20 were associated with a decreased risk of NEC in preterm infants.
Abnormal expression of transcription factor activator protein-2α in pathologic placentas.; Recent studies from our laboratory have indicated that the transcription factor activator protein-2α plays a critical role in the differentiation of human villous cytotrophoblast cells to syncytiotrophoblast cells. However, little is known about the expression of activator protein-2α in placentas from pathologic pregnancies. This study compares the expression of activator protein-2α in placentas from high-risk pregnancies to gestational age-matched controls. Paracentral sections from grossly unremarkable areas of 10 placentas from each group of pregnancies complicated by mild preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, and fetal growth restriction and 10 control cases of placentas from normal pregnancies matched for gestational age were double immunostained for activator protein-2α and E-cadherin. The total numbers of cytotrophoblast cells and syncytiotrophoblast nuclei and the numbers of activator protein-2α-positive and activator protein-2α-negative nuclei in both of these cell types were counted by 2 pathologists blinded to disease status, in 10 representative×40 high-power fields for each placenta. Abnormal placental maturation in most of pathologic pregnancies was evidenced by a 1.5- to 1.7-fold lower expression ratio of syncytiotrophoblast cell to cytotrophoblast cell. Activator protein-2α in syncytiotrophoblast cells was lower in mild preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and fetal growth restriction (P<.0001 in each instance) and was higher by 2-fold in severe preeclampsia, although this increase was not statistically significant (P=.3). Because activator protein-2α has been shown to be critical for villous cytotrophoblast cell differentiation, our findings suggest that abnormalities in the activator protein-2α cascade of transcription factors and/or signaling molecules may contribute to the pathogenesis of the abnormal maturation in placentas in certain types of high-risk pregnancies. The different pattern of activator protein-2α expression in mild and severe preeclampsia clearly suggests that these conditions may have 2 independent pathogenic mechanisms.
Gestational Cd Exposure in the CD-1 Mouse Induces Sex-Specific Hepatic Insulin Insensitivity, Obesity, and Metabolic Syndrome in Adult Female Offspring.; There is compelling evidence that developmental exposure to toxic metals increases risk for obesity and obesity-related morbidity including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. To explore the hypothesis that developmental Cd exposure increases risk of obesity later in life, male, and female CD-1 mice were maternally exposed to 500 ppb CdCl2 in drinking water during a human gestational equivalent period (gestational day 0-postnatal day 10 [GD0-PND10]). Hallmark indicators of metabolic disruption, hepatic steatosis, and metabolic syndrome were evaluated prior to birth through adulthood. Maternal blood Cd levels were similar to those observed in human pregnancy cohorts, and Cd was undetected in adult offspring. There were no observed impacts of exposure on dams or pregnancy-related outcomes. Results of glucose and insulin tolerance testing revealed that Cd exposure impaired offspring glucose homeostasis on PND42. Exposure-related increases in circulating triglycerides and hepatic steatosis were apparent only in females. By PND120, Cd-exposed females were 30% heavier with 700% more perigonadal fat than unexposed control females. There was no evidence of dyslipidemia, steatosis, increased weight gain, nor increased adiposity in Cd-exposed male offspring. Hepatic transcriptome analysis on PND1, PND21, and PND42 revealed evidence for female-specific increases in oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction with significant early disruption of retinoic acid signaling and altered insulin receptor signaling consistent with hepatic insulin sensitivity in adult females. The observed steatosis and metabolic syndrome-like phenotypes resulting from exposure to 500 ppb CdCl2 during the pre- and perinatal period of development equivalent to human gestation indicate that Cd acts developmentally as a sex-specific delayed obesogen.
Short-term and long-term sequelae in intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR).; Intrauterine Growth Retardation (IUGR) is defined as a rate of growth of a fetus that is less than normal for the growth potential of the fetus (for that particular gestational age). Small for Gestational Age (SGA) is defined infant born following IUGR, with a weight at birth below the 10th percentile.Suboptimal fetal growth occurring in IUGR fetuses is an important cause of perinatal mortality and morbidity. The acute neonatal consequences of IUGR include metabolic and hematological disturbances, and disrupted thermoregulation; in addition, respiratory distress (RDS), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), and retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) may contribute to perinatal morbidity. Metabolic disturbances are related to glucose and fatty acid metabolism. It is well-known that individuals who display poor growth in utero are at significantly increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance (the so-called metabolic syndrome, MS). MS ultimately leads to the premature development of cardiovascular diseases. In addition, short stature in children and adults, premature adrenarche, and the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) are endocrinological sequelae of IUGR. (8) Early onset growth delay and prematurity significantly increase the risk for neurological sequelae and motor and cognitive delay.Future prospective studies need to investigate risk factors for infants who are SGA. If reliable prediction can be achieved, there is potential to reduce future perinatal morbidity and mortality, and long term consequences among SGA babies.
Silencing of NOD2 protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy in a murine diabetes model.; The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of the nucleotide‑binding oligomerization domain (NOD) 2 in high glucose (HG)‑induced myocardial apoptosis and fibrosis in mice. Mouse models of diabetes were induced by streptozotocin (STZ). NOD2 expression was knocked down by injection of lentivirus‑mediated short‑hairpin RNA. Alternatively, small interfering RNA‑NOD2 was transfected into cardiomyocytes and cardiac fibroblasts (CFs). A hemodynamic assay was used to assess the cardiac function in the mouse model. Hematoxylin and eosin, Masson and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick end labeling staining was performed to observe pathological changes and injury of myocardial tissue. The expression levels of NOD2, collagen I and III, and transforming growth factor‑β (TGF‑β) and apoptotic proteins were quantified by reverse transcription‑quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blotting. NOD2 silencing ameliorated diabetes‑induced myocardial apoptosis and fibrosis in mice. NOD2, collagen I, collagen III, TGF‑β and pro‑apoptotic proteins were upregulated in the diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) model group, but interference of NOD2 suppressed these alterations in protein expression levels. NOD2 is upregulated in HG‑induced primary cardiomyocytes and CFs. Suppression of NOD2 attenuated HG‑induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and proliferation of CFs. Overall, NOD2 silencing alleviated myocardial apoptosis and fibrosis in diabetic mice. The results of the present study demonstrated an understanding of the role of NOD2 in diabetes‑induced cardiomyopathy, which provides a novel target and therapies for the prevention and treatment of DCM.
Acute presentation of gestational diabetes insipidus with pre-eclampsia complicated by cerebral vasoconstriction: a case report and review of the published work.; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare, self-limited complication of pregnancy. As it is related to excess placental vasopressinase enzyme activity, which is metabolized in the liver, GDI is more common in pregnancies complicated by conditions associated with liver dysfunction. We present a case of a 41-year-old woman at 38 weeks' gestation who presented with pre-eclampsia with severe features, including impaired liver function and renal insufficiency. Following cesarean section she was diagnosed with GDI, which was further complicated by cerebral vasoconstriction as demonstrated by magnetic resonance angiography. This case raises the possibility that cerebral vasoconstriction may be related to the cause of GDI. A high index of suspicion of GDI should be maintained in patients who present with typical signs and symptoms, especially in the setting of pregnancy complications associated with liver dysfunction.
A pilot study: Auditory steady-state responses (ASSR) can be measured in human fetuses using fetal magnetoencephalography (fMEG).; BACKGROUND: Auditory steady-state responses (ASSRs) are ongoing evoked brain responses to continuous auditory stimuli that play a role for auditory processing of complex sounds and speech perception. Transient auditory event-related responses (AERRs) have previously been recorded using fetal magnetoencephalography (fMEG) but involve different neurological pathways. Previous studies in children and adults demonstrated that the cortical components of the ASSR are significantly affected by state of consciousness and by maturational changes in neonates and young infants. To our knowledge, this is the first study to investigate ASSRs in human fetuses. METHODS: 47 fMEG sessions were conducted with 24 healthy pregnant women in three gestational age groups (30-32 weeks, 33-35 weeks and 36-39 weeks). The stimulation consisted of amplitude-modulated (AM) tones with a duration of one second, a carrier frequency (CF) of 500 Hz and a modulation frequency (MF) of 27 Hz or 42 Hz. Both tones were presented in a random order with equal probability adding up to 80-100 repetitions per tone. The ASSR across trials was quantified by assessing phase synchrony in the cortical signals at the stimulation frequency. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: Ten out of 47 recordings were excluded due to technical problems or maternal movements. Analysis of the included 37 fetal recordings revealed a statistically significant response for the phase coherence between trials for the MF of 27 Hz but not for 42 Hz. An exploratory subgroup analysis moreover suggested an advantage in detectability for fetal behavioral state 2F (active asleep) compared to 1F (quiet asleep) detected using fetal heart rate. In conclusion, this pilot study is the first description of a method to detect human ASSRs in fetuses. The findings warrant further investigations of the developing fetal brain.
Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus.; The physiologic changes which occur during the reproductive cycle are vast and involve every body system. In this chapter, we will review the metabolic changes that occur during normal pregnancies and those affected by pre-gestational diabetes. Due to the significant overlap in maternal and perinatal risks secondary to pre-gestational diabetes and obesity, we will review the risks of maternal obesity and hyperglycemia on maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes. Management of preexisting diabetes in pregnancy will be reviewed in detail including up to date medications and diabetes technologies. Postpartum issues including changes in insulin sensitivity, breastfeeding and contraception for women with preexisting diabetes will be discussed. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Hyperglycemia results in significant pathophysiological changes of placental spiral artery remodeling and angiogenesis, further contributing to congenital defects.; Introduction: Hyperglycemic conditions achieved during pregnancy have been shown to have detrimental effects to fetal development and increase the prevalence of childhood comorbidities. However, the mechanisms in which diabetic pregnancies affect placental development and subsequently contribute to adverse health effects on the mother and offspring remain unclear. Research design and methods: Streptozotocin was used to induce gestational diabetes in mice. In this model, hyperglycemia was established at embryonic day 3.5 (E3.5). Pregnancy mass was collected at E10.5, E12.5, E14.5, and E16.5 for different assessments. Results: Both placental and embryonic weights were found to be significantly elevated at E16.5. At E14.5, a significantly larger junctional zone with increased number of glycogen trophoblasts was found in the placentas from hyperglycemic pregnancies (HG group) compared to the placentas from normoglycemic pregnancies (NG group). Importantly, the HG placenta exhibited decreased trophoblast giant cell (TGC) association and TUNEL+ cells, and increased expression of α-SMA on the spiral artery, suggesting arterial remodeling was impacted. Moreover, the interhemal membrane of the labyrinth layer, was found to be thicker in the HG placentas. Furthermore, hyperglycemia resulted in more offspring congenital defects, which were associated with a thicker interhemal membrane. Conclusions: Together, these results suggest that gestational diabetes perturbs proper placental development and function, specifically spiral artery remodeling and angiogenesis, thereby negatively impacting embryonic development.
Perlman syndrome: four additional cases and review.; Perlman syndrome was first described in 1973 and comprises nephromegaly with renal dysplasia and Wilms tumor, macrosomia, cryptorchidism, and multiple facial anomalies. Polyhydramnios and hypoglycaemia are often found. Twelve children have been described from six different families. Five came from one family whose Yemenite Jewish parents were second cousins. Autosomal recessive inheritance has been suggested. Prognosis is severe with neonatal death in most children. We report on 4 new cases of Perlman syndrome from 3 families; all parents were non-consanguineous. Some of the observed manifestations have been described only once in this syndrome (cardiac defect, hepatic fibrosis with portoportal bridging, haemangioma) or never before (volvulus, intestinal atresia, and agenesis of the corpus callosum in 1 patient, a cleft palate in another). All children died within the first year. The 2 sibs were born prematurely with nephromegaly but without hamartomas or nephroblastomatosis. This is consistent with the hypothesis that dysplastic medullary parenchyma in preterm infants develops into nephroblastomatosis and hamartoma and eventually Wilms tumor.
Prevalence of congenital heart disease and its related risk indicators among 90,796 Chinese infants aged less than 6 months in Tianjin.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) represents one of the most prevalent congenital malformations. However, few studies use whole-population screening by colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to identify CHD among live infants. We estimate the prevalence of CHD and its major risk indicators among infants aged less than 6 months in urban Tianjin, China. METHODS: A colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system was used as the screening tool for the diagnosis of CHD. A total of 90,796 infants aged less than 6 months, living in the nine urban districts of Tianjin, China, participated in the CHD screening programme between July 2009 and June 2011. RESULTS: A total of 1817 children were identified as having CHD. The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease was 16.4 per 1000 live births among 47,697 boys, 24.1 per 1000 live births among 43,099 girls, and 20.0 per 1,000 live births among 90,796 boys and girls combined. Atrial septal defect was the most common heart lesion of CHD, with the prevalence of 10.6 per 1000 live births. Several maternal antenatal factors, such as older age, pregnant infections, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, family history of CHD, and lower education level, and several child factors, such as early screening age, lower birthweight and short gestational age, were associated with an increased risk of CHD. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of CHD of live infants in Tianjin was found to be relatively high by using a colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to screen CHD. Several maternal factors were associated with CHD risk.
Ten-Year Review of the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic at the Kingston Health Sciences Centre.; OBJECTIVES: The postpartum Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) sees patients who have experienced pregnancy complications identified as pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, idiopathic preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction) at 6 months postpartum for CVD risk screening. This project aimed to summarise the past 10 years of the MHC and identify trends in patient characteristics, patient CVD risk assessments, and clinic attendance over time. METHODS: Patients included in this study have experienced 1 or more pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator(s) and have delivered between April 2011 and April 2021. MHC patient data and the Better Outcomes Registry Network database were utilised to compare eligible and participating patient data during clinically significant time periods. RESULTS: The clinic has seen 1030 patients in the last 10 years and their characteristics have remained largely consistent. However, there has been an increase in the proportion of patients seen because of a hypertensive disorder and an increase in the proportion of patients with obesity, abnormal total cholesterol, and elevated fasting glucose. Additionally, CVD risk scores and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome have remained consistent over the years. Regarding the clinic's outreach, patient eligibility for the MHC has been increasing while attendance has been decreasing over time. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, there remains a need to screen these patients for CVD risk and counsel them on risk reduction. There is also an opportunity to increase patient recruitment to improve attendance and to address the increased need for CVD risk screening and counselling in the community.
Effect of thiazolidinedione treatment on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women at high risk for type 2 diabetes.; We tested the effects of treatment with a thiazolidinedione drug on rates of progression of carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and some putative determinants of CIMT in young women at high risk for type 2 diabetes. A total of 266 nondiabetic, Hispanic women with recent gestational diabetes were randomized to placebo or troglitazone. CIMT measurements were made at baseline, annually, and at study end, together with measurements of obesity, serum lipids, and glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance tests. Insulin sensitivity (minimal model analysis) was measured at baseline and 3 months later. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates between treatment groups and investigate potential determinants of differences in CIMT progression. One hundred ninety-two women had a CIMT measurement at baseline and at least one follow-up visit. The mean rate of CIMT change was 31% lower in women assigned to troglitazone (P = 0.048). This intergroup difference was not explained by baseline or on-trial differences in obesity, lipids, glucose, or insulin. The reduction in CIMT progression developed gradually, occurred only in women who had an increase in insulin sensitivity, and was unrelated to the presence of the metabolic syndrome at baseline. Troglitazone reduced the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis via a mechanism that involved unmeasured mediators of atherosclerosis, either in the circulation or directly in the arterial wall.
Growth factors in the collateral circulation of chronic total coronary occlusions: relation to duration of occlusion and collateral function.; BACKGROUND: Despite extensive animal experimental evidence, there are few data on the relation of growth factors and collateral function in humans. METHODS AND RESULTS: In 104 patients with a chronic total coronary occlusion (CTO; >2 weeks' duration), collateral function was assessed invasively during recanalization by intracoronary Doppler and pressure recordings. A collateral resistance index, R(Coll), was calculated. Blood samples were drawn from the distal coronary bed supplied by the collaterals and from the aortic root to measure basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), monocytic chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1), transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), placenta growth factor (PlGF), and tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha). The bFGF concentration in the collateralized artery was higher than in the aortic root (34+/-20 versus 18+/-14 pg/mL; P<0.001). bFGF was highest in recent occlusions (2 to 12 weeks) with the highest R(Coll). Higher collateral concentrations were also observed for MCP-1, TGF-beta, and PlGF, but without a close relation to the duration of occlusion. TNF-alpha was not increased in collaterals compared with the systemic circulation. MCP-1, PlGF, and TGF-beta were significantly increased in small collaterals with the highest shear stress. Diabetic patients had lower bFGF and higher MCP-1 levels than nondiabetics. CONCLUSIONS: In CTOs, the continuous release of bFGF into collaterals showed a close relation to the duration of occlusion and collateral function, which underscores its therapeutic potential. Other factors influencing growth factor release appeared to be shear stress for MCP-1, TGF-beta, and PlGF and the presence of diabetes.
Supplementation with milk enriched with complex lipids during pregnancy: A double-blind randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Gangliosides are a class of sphingolipids that are present in the cell membranes of vertebrates. Gangliosides influence a broad range of cellular processes through effects on signal transduction, being found abundantly in the brain, and having a role in neurodevelopment. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the effects of maternal daily consumption of ganglioside-enriched milk vs non-enriched milk and a non-supplemented group of pregnant women on maternal ganglioside levels and pregnancy outcomes. DESIGN: Double-blind parallel randomized controlled trial. METHODS: 1,500 women aged 20-40 years were recruited in Chongqing (China) between 11 and 14 weeks of a singleton pregnancy, and randomized into three groups: Control-received standard powdered milk formulation (≥4 mg gangliosides/day); Complex milk lipid-enhanced (CML-E) group-same formulation enriched with complex milk lipids (≥8 mg gangliosides/day) from milk fat globule membrane; Reference-received no milk. Serum ganglioside levels were measured in a randomly selected subsample of 250 women per group. RESULTS: CML-E milk was associated with marginally greater total gangliosides levels in maternal serum compared to Control (13.02 vs 12.69 μg/ml; p = 0.034) but not to Reference group. CML-E milk did not affect cord blood ganglioside levels. Among the 1500 women, CML-E milk consumption was associated with a lower rate of gestational diabetes mellitus than control milk [relative risk 0.80 (95% CI 0.64, 0.99)], but which was not different to the Reference group. CML-E milk supplementation had no other effects on maternal or newborn health. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal supplementation with milk fat globule membrane, as a source of gangliosides, was not associated with any adverse health outcomes, and did not increase serum gangliosides compared with the non-supplemented reference group. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Register (ChiCTR-IOR-16007700). CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ChiCTR-IOR-16007700; www.chictr.org.cn/showprojen.aspx?proj=12972.
Sex differences in cardiovascular risk factors and disease prevention.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been seen as a men's disease for decades, however it is more common in women than in men. It is generally assumed in medicine that the effects of the major risk factors (RF) on CVD outcomes are the same in women as in men. Recent evidence has emerged that recognizes new, potentially independent, CVD RF exclusive to women. In particular, common disorders of pregnancy, such as gestational hypertension and diabetes, as well as frequently occurring endocrine disorders in women of reproductive age (e.g. polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and early menopause) are associated with accelerated development of CVD and impaired CVD-free survival. With the recent availability of prospective studies comprising men and women, the equivalency of major RF prevalence and effects on CVD between men and women can be examined. Furthermore, female-specific RFs might be identified enabling early detection of apparently healthy women with a high lifetime risk of CVD. Therefore, we examined the available literature regarding the prevalence and effects of the traditional major RFs for CVD in men and women. This included large prospective cohort studies, cross-sectional studies and registries, as randomised trials are lacking. Furthermore, a literature search was performed to examine the impact of female-specific RFs on the traditional RFs and the occurrence of CVD. We found that the effects of elevated blood pressure, overweight and obesity, and elevated cholesterol on CVD outcomes are largely similar between women and men, however prolonged smoking is significantly more hazardous for women than for men. With respect to female-specific RF only associations (and no absolute risk data) could be found between preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and menopause onset with the occurrence of CVD. This review shows that CVD is the main cause of death in men and women, however the prevalence is higher in women. Determination of the CV risk profile should take into account that there are differences in impact of major CV RF leading to a worse outcome in women. Lifestyle interventions and awareness in women needs more consideration. Furthermore, there is accumulating evidence that female-specific RF are of influence on the impact of major RF and on the onset of CVD. Attention for female specific RF may enable early detection and intervention in apparently healthy women. Studies are needed on how to implement the added RF's in current risk assessment and management strategies to maximize benefit and cost-effectiveness specific in women.
Genetic contributions to risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), low birthweight (LBW), and preterm birth (PTB), along with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are associated with short- and long-term maternal and fetal cardiovascular risks. This review focuses on the genetic contributions to the risk of APOs and PPCM. RECENT FINDINGS: The expansion of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) has led to better understanding of the biologic mechanisms underpinning APO, PPCM, and the predisposition to cardiovascular disease across the life course. Genetic loci known to be involved with the risk of hypertension (FTO, ZNF831) have been associated with the development of overall HDP and preeclampsia. Additionally, four loci significantly associated with type 2 diabetes have been associated with GDM (CDKAL1, MTNR1B, TCF7L2, CDK2NA-CDKN2B). Variants in loci known to affect genes coding for proteins involved in immune cell function and placental health (EBF1, EEFSEC, AGTR2, 2q13) have been implicated in the development of PTB and future cardiovascular risks for both the mother and the offspring. Genetic similarities in rare variants between PPCM and dilated cardiomyopathy have been described suggesting shared pathophysiologic origins as well as predisposition for future risk of heart failure, highlighting the need for the development PPCM genetic counseling guidelines. SUMMARY: Genetics may inform mechanisms, risk, and counseling for individuals after an APO or PPCM. Through recent advances in genetic techniques and analytic approaches, new insights into the underlying biologic mechanisms and genetic variants leading to these risks have been discovered.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Chronic hypertension is frequent in pregnant women as well. The objective of this review is to evaluate the maternal characteristics, pregnancy complications and birth outcomes including congenital abnormalities of pregnant women with chronic hypertension by reviewing the results of published studies and mainly the data of the population-based data set of the Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance System of Congenital Abnormalities. A second aim of the review is to examine the efficacy of antihypertensive drug treatments in the reduction of pregnancy-associated risks in women with chronic hypertension. RECENT FINDINGS: Pregnant women with treated chronic hypertension had a higher risk - beyond the well known pre-eclampsia and low birthweight newborns - of threatened abortion and preterm delivery, placental disorders and gestational diabetes. In addition a higher risk of hypospadias in one and of esophageal atresia/stenosis in another study was found in the children of pregnant women with chronic hypertension. These latter findings are signals which need confirmation or rejection in other studies. SUMMARY: The present antihypertensive treatments do not neutralize the harm of severe chronic hypertension in pregnant women and in their offspring, thus it is necessary to introduce more effective drug combinations for the treatment of pregnant women with severe chronic hypertension.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Influences DNA Methylation in the Serotonin System in the Human Placenta.; The offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at a higher risk for metabolic dysregulation and neurodevelopmental impairment. Evidence suggests that serotonin, which is present in both the placenta and the brain, programs the development and growth of the fetal brain. In the current study, we tested the hypothesis that GDM affects the methylation of the serotonin transporter gene (SLC6A4) and serotonin receptor gene (HTR2A) in the placenta. Ninety pregnant women were included in this study. Thirty mothers were diagnosed with GDM, and sixty mothers served as controls in a 1:2 ratio. Ten CpG sites within the promoter regions of SLC6A4 and HTR2A were analyzed using pyrosequencing. The relative expression of genes involved in DNA methylation was evaluated using real-time PCR. The average DNA methylation of placental SLC6A4 was higher in the GDM group than in the control group (2.29 vs. 1.16%, p < 0.001). However, the average DNA methylation level of HTR2A did not differ between the two groups. SLC6A4 methylation showed a positive correlation with maternal plasma glucose level and neonatal birth weight percentile and a negative correlation with the neonatal head circumference percentile. This finding suggests that epigenetic modification of the placental serotonin system may affect placental adaptation to a harmful maternal environment, thereby influencing the long-term outcome in the offspring.
Fetal Heart Rate Decelerations in Women with Sleep-Disordered Breathing.; Emerging literature has shown that women with sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) have increased risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Case reports suggest an association between maternal apnea and fetal heart rate deceleration but data are lacking on how maternal sleep impacts fetal health. Since decelerations may be associated with adverse outcomes, we sought to determine whether fetal heart rate decelerations were associated with SDB. A cohort study of third trimester pregnant women with a singleton fetus was conducted. Participants underwent a home sleep test with continuous portable electronic fetal monitoring. SDB was defined as a respiratory disturbance index (RDI)≥10 events/hour. The temporality between a respiratory event and fetal heart rate decelerations was determined to be present if a deceleration occurred < 30 s after a respiratory event. Forty women were included with mean (±SD) age, BMI, and gestational age of 32.0±5.5 years, 37.1±8.0 kg/m(2), and 34.6±2.4 weeks respectively. Overall, n=23 (57.5%) women had SDB. Thirty-seven late decelerations were observed in 18 women; of these, 84% were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Nine of the 18 women (50%) had SDB. Ten prolonged decelerations were observed in 6 women of which nine (90%) were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Five of the six women (83%) had an RDI≥10. These initial data suggest that, in this population, the majority of both late and prolonged fetal heart rate decelerations occur with a maternal respiratory event. Since respiratory events are characteristic of maternal SDB, this raises the possibility that SDB may influence fetal well-being.
Sex in basic research: concepts in the cardiovascular field.; Women and men, female and male animals and cells are biologically different, and acknowledgement of this fact is critical to advancing medicine. However, incorporating concepts of sex-specific analysis in basic research is largely neglected, introducing bias into translational findings, clinical concepts and drug development. Research funding agencies recently approached these issues but implementation of policy changes in the scientific community is still limited, probably due to deficits in concepts, knowledge and proper methodology. This expert review is based on the EUGenMed project (www.eugenmed.eu) developing a roadmap for implementing sex and gender in biomedical and health research. For sake of clarity and conciseness, examples are mainly taken from the cardiovascular field that may serve as a paradigm for others, since a significant amount of knowledge how sex and oestrogen determine the manifestation of many cardiovascular diseases (CVD) has been accumulated. As main concepts for implementation of sex in basic research, the study of primary cell and animals of both sexes, the study of the influence of genetic vs. hormonal factors and the analysis of sex chromosomes and sex specific statistics in genome wide association studies (GWAS) are discussed. The review also discusses methodological issues, and analyses strength, weaknesses, opportunities and threats in implementing sex-sensitive aspects into basic research.
[Risk factors for congenital heart disease in Chinese neonates: a Meta analysis].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the major risk factors for congenital heart disease (CHD) in Chinese neonates and to provide a reference for the prevention of CHD. METHODS: A literature search was performed to collect the case-control studies on the risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates published in 2001-2016. The relevant data were extracted accordingly. The quality of included studies was assessed by Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Sensitivity analysis was conducted using different models to analyze the same data. The publication bias was assessed by Egger's test. RESULTS: A total of 17 case-control studies involving 2 930 cases and 4 952 controls were included. The Meta analysis showed that the major risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates were as follows: mother with advanced age (OR=2.649, 95%CI: 1.675-4.189), cold or fever (OR=4.558, 95%CI: 2.901-7.162), medication use in early pregnancy (OR=3.961, 95%CI: 2.816-5.573), passive smoking (OR=2.766, 95%CI: 1.982-3.859), abnormal childbearing history (OR=2.992, 95%CI: 1.529-5.856), noise exposure (OR=3.030, 95%CI: 1.476-6.217), radiation exposure (OR=2.363, 95%CI: 1.212-4.607), decoration (OR=4.979, 95%CI: 3.240-7.653), gestational diabetes (OR=5.090, 95%CI: 3.132-8.274), and pet raising (OR=2.048, 95%CI: 1.385-3.029). CONCLUSIONS: Mothers with advanced age, cold or fever, medication use in early pregnancy, passive smoking, abnormal childbearing history, noise exposure, radiation exposure, decoration, gestational diabetes, and pet raising may increase the risk of CHD in Chinese neonates.
Timing and tempo of first-year rapid growth in relation to cardiovascular and metabolic risk profile in early adulthood.; CONTEXT: Growth during infancy appears to be an important determinant of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes later in life. OBJECTIVES: To specify which period in the first year of life is related to determinants of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in early adulthood and to investigate the association between tempo of first-year weight gain (>0.67 SDs) and these determinants. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Observational study using longitudinal data collected in the Programming Factors for Growth and Metabolism (PROGRAM) study of 217 healthy participants, aged 18 to 24 years, including a relatively large sample of participants born small for gestational age and participants with short stature, performed at a medical center in The Netherlands between August 2004 and September 2007. The association of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes with tempo of weight gain was assessed in a subgroup of 87 participants. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Associations between periods of first-year growth and tempo of weight gain and determinants of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in early adulthood. RESULTS: Weight gain in the first 3 months of life was inversely associated with insulin sensitivity (beta, -0.223; 95% confidence interval [CI], -0.386 to -0.060) and serum high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level (beta, -0.053; 95% CI, -0.090 to -0.016) and positively associated with waist circumference (beta, 1.437; 95% CI, 0.066 to 2.808), acute insulin response (beta, 0.210; 95% CI, 0.024 to 0.395), ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (beta, 0.052; 95% CI, 0.010 to 0.094), and level of triglycerides (beta, 0.066; 95% CI, 0.003 to 0.129) in early adulthood. Rapid weight gain during the first 3 months of life resulted in a higher percentage of body fat, more central adiposity, and reduced insulin sensitivity in early adulthood than when slower weight gain occurred during the entire first year. CONCLUSION: Rapid weight gain in the first 3 months of life is associated with several determinants of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in early adulthood.
Diabetes mellitus: Classification, mediators, and complications; A gate to identify potential targets for the development of new effective treatments.; Nowadays, diabetes mellitus has emerged as a significant global public health concern with a remarkable increase in its prevalence. This review article focuses on the definition of diabetes mellitus and its classification into different types, including type 1 diabetes (idiopathic and fulminant), type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hybrid forms, slowly evolving immune-mediated diabetes, ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes, and other special types. Diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus are also discussed. The role of inflammation in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes is explored, along with the mediators and potential anti-inflammatory treatments. Furthermore, the involvement of various organs in diabetes mellitus is highlighted, such as the role of adipose tissue and obesity, gut microbiota, and pancreatic β-cells. The manifestation of pancreatic Langerhans β-cell islet inflammation, oxidative stress, and impaired insulin production and secretion are addressed. Additionally, the impact of diabetes mellitus on liver cirrhosis, acute kidney injury, immune system complications, and other diabetic complications like retinopathy and neuropathy is examined. Therefore, further research is required to enhance diagnosis, prevent chronic complications, and identify potential therapeutic targets for the management of diabetes mellitus and its associated dysfunctions.
Risk factors for acute myocardial infarction in women: evidence from the Royal College of General Practitioners' oral contraception study.; To determine the pattern of risk factors for acute myocardial infarction associated solely with women a nested case-control study was carried out on cohort data collected during the Royal College of General Practitioners' oral contraception study. Smoking (adjusted relative risk 1.7 for light smokers and 4.3 for heavy smokers), hypertension (2.4), toxaemia of pregnancy (2.8), and diabetes mellitus (6.9) were associated with a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction. There was no significant trend of risk with social class. Current use of the pill increased the risk only among women who also smoked (relative risk 20.8 for heavy smokers). Previous use of the pill did not influence the risk of myocardial infarction. If heavy smokers also had a history of toxaemia of pregnancy their risk of myocardial infarction was further increased (relative risk 41.0). Other variables associated solely with women, such as parity, hysterectomy, and hormone replacement therapy, had little effect on the risk of having a myocardial infarction. Overall, smoking was the most important independent risk factor and had a strong influence on risks associated with other factors.
Is the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with pre-eclampsia modified by very low or very high offspring birth weight? A nationwide cohort study in Norway.; OBJECTIVES: To examine whether the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with pre-eclampsia is modified by very low or very high offspring birth weight. Further, we studied whether diabetes in pregnancy modified this risk. DESIGN: Nationwide cohort study. SETTING: Norwegian population registries. PARTICIPANTS: 618 644 women who gave birth to their first child during 1980-2009. METHODS: The women were followed from delivery until the development of CVD or censoring, by linkage of the Medical Birth Registry of Norway to the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project, and the Norwegian Cause of Death Registry. PRIMARY OUTCOME MEASURE: CVD. RESULTS: Compared with normotensive women with normal offspring birth weight, women with pre-eclampsia had increased risk of CVD (HR 2.16; 95% CI 2.05 to 2.26). The CVD risk was even higher when pre-eclampsia was accompanied with a large for gestational age offspring (LGA, z-score >2.0) (HR 2.57; 95% CI 2.08 to 3.18). Women with pre-eclampsia and a small for gestational age offspring (SGA, z-score <-2.0) had an HR of 1.54 (95% CI 1.23 to 1.93) compared with normotensive women with normal offspring birth weight.Also, women with diabetes had increased CVD risk, but no additional risk associated with an LGA or SGA offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Women with pre-eclampsia and an LGA offspring had higher risk of CVD than pre-eclamptic women with a normal weight (z-score -2.0 to 2.0) or SGA offspring. These findings suggest that factors causing pre-eclampsia and an LGA offspring are also linked to development of CVD.
Factors Associated with Intrauterine Fetal Death at Paropakar Maternity Women's Hospital.; Background Intrauterine fetal death (IUFD) is a demise occurring at 20 or more weeks of gestation and weight 500 gram or more. Intrauterine fetal death at any point during gestation is a traumatic event not only to the patient but also to the care giver. The purpose of this study is to know the risk factors associated with intrauterine fetal death. Objective To determine the factors associated with intrauterine fetal death. Method Prospective observational study was conducted at Paropkar maternity women's hospital, Thapathali, Kathmandu. All the cases with intrauterine fetal death were admitted and delivered in the hospital with period of gestation 20 weeks to term pregnancy. All the relevant data were recorded in pre-designed proforma. The collected data were entered in SPSS 25 version for analysis. Result There was a total 5153 deliveries in three months, with prevalence of 1.2% and intrauterine rate of 12.03 per 1000 births. Out of 50 enrolled cases, 78% (n=50) of patient had not attended antenatal checkup. Majority (n=50; 74%), belonged to age group 21-35 years, 48% of intrauterine fetal death were term pregnancies of 37 to 42 weeks of gestation. Maximum 20% of IUFD, weighed between (1-1.5 kg) (1.5-2 kg) and (2.5-3 kg). Thirty-nine babies were macerated and eleven non-macerated. Pregnancy induced hypertension was most common (26%), followed by ante-partum hemorrhage (8%), hypothyroidism and anemia (6%), meconium stained liquor and cord prolapse (6%), gestational diabetes mellitus, congenital anomalies, chronic hypertension (4%), intrauterine growth restriction and urinary tract infection (2%). Twelve cases underwent cesarean section. Postpartum complications were found in 10 cases; 4 cases had postpartum hemorrhage, 4 had prolonged hospital stay and 2 cases developed hemolysis, elevated liver enzyme, low platelet count (HELLP) syndrome. Conclusion This study concluded that maximum no. of intrauterine fetal death were seen antenatally, as 78% of cases were found macerated. The commonest identified risk factor was pregnancy induced hypertension, followed by ante-partum hemorrhage, anemia, hypothyroidism, which seem to be preventable risk factors of intrauterine fetal death, but still unidentified risk factors are of great challenges for the obstetricians.
Endogenous cardiotonic steroids: physiology, pharmacology, and novel therapeutic targets.; Endogenous cardiotonic steroids (CTS), also called digitalis-like factors, have been postulated to play important roles in health and disease for nearly half a century. Recent discoveries, which include the specific identification of endogenous cardenolide (endogenous ouabain) and bufadienolide (marinobufagenin) CTS in humans along with the delineation of an alternative mechanism by which CTS can signal through the Na(+)/K(+)-ATPase, have increased the interest in this field substantially. Although CTS were first considered important in the regulation of renal sodium transport and arterial pressure, more recent work implicates these hormones in the regulation of cell growth, differentiation, apoptosis, and fibrosis, the modulation of immunity and of carbohydrate metabolism, and the control of various central nervous functions and even behavior. This review focuses on the physiological interactions between CTS and other regulatory systems that may be important in the pathophysiology of essential hypertension, preeclampsia, end-stage renal disease, congestive heart failure, and diabetes mellitus. Based on our increasing understanding of the regulation of CTS as well as the molecular mechanisms of these hormone increases, we also discuss potential therapeutic strategies.
Suboptimal second-trimester ultrasonographic visualization of the fetal heart in obese women: should we repeat the examination?; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether a repeated antenatal ultrasound examination improves fetal cardiac visualization for the obese and nonobese population. METHODS: A computerized ultrasound database (October 1999-June 2003) was used to identify singleton pregnancies undergoing repeated prenatal ultrasound examinations because of initial suboptimal ultrasonographic visualization (SUV) of the 4-chamber view, outflow tracts, or both. Women with maternal diabetes, abnormal maternal serum screening results, or known fetal anomalies at the initial examination were excluded. Patients were classified by maternal body mass index (BMI): less than 30 kg/mg2 (nonobese), 30 to 34.9 kg/mg2 (class I obesity), 35 to 39.9 kg/mg2 (class II obesity), and 40 kg/mg2 or greater (morbid obesity). The association between maternal BMI and SUV of the fetal heart was analyzed. RESULTS: Three hundred seventy-two patients were abstracted from the database. The median gestational age was 19.0 weeks at the initial visit (range, 18.0-21.9 weeks) and 21.4 weeks at the second visit (range, 18.9-23.9 weeks). The median BMI was 32.6 kg/m2 (range, 16.4-58.7 kg/m2). Sixty-three percent of patients were obese (BMI >or=30). Cardiac anatomy continued to have SUV in 11% of the women. The rate of SUV was associated with the obesity class (1.5% for nonobese, 12% for obesity I, 17% for obesity II, and 20% for morbid obesity; P < .0001). A cardiac anomaly was found in 1 of 372 repeated examinations (arteriovenous canal defect) for a patient with BMI of 24.8 kg/m2. CONCLUSIONS: Repeated ultrasound examination for SUV of the fetal heart at a later gestational age dramatically reduces SUV. However, obese patients continue to have much higher rates of persistent SUV.
Heart rate variability categories of fluctuation amplitude and complexity: diagnostic markers of fetal development and its disturbances.; OBJECTIVE: In fetal diagnosis the myriad and diversity of heart rate variability (HRV) indices prevents a comparable routine evaluation of disturbances in fetal development and well-being. The work aims at the extraction of a small set of HRV key indices that could help to establish a universal, overarching tool to screen for any disturbance. APPROACH: HRV indices were organized in categories of short-term (prefix s) and long-term (prefix l) amplitude fluctuations (AMP), complexity (COMP), and patterns (PATTERN) and common representatives for each category were extracted. This procedure was done with respect to the diagnostic value in the evaluation of the maturation age throughout the second and complete third trimester of pregnancy as well as to potential differences associated with maternal life-style factors (physical exercise, smoking), nutrient intervention (docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation), and complications of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR)). MAIN RESULTS: We found a comprehensive minimal set that includes [lAMP: short term variation (STV), initially introduced in cardiotocography, sAMP: heart rate increase across one interbeat interval of phase rectified averaged signal - acceleration capacity (ACst1), lCOMP: scale 4 multi-scale entropy (MSE4), PATTERN: skewness] for the maturation age prediction, and partly overlapping [lAMP: STV, sAMP: ACst1, sCOMP: Lempel Ziv complexity (LZC)] for the discrimination of the deviations. SIGNIFICANCE: The minimal set of category-based HRV representatives allows for a screening of fetal development and well-being. These results are an important step towards a universal and comparable diagnostic tool for the early identification of developmental disturbances. Novelty & Significance Fetal development and its disturbances have been reported to be associated with a multiplicity of HRV indices. Furthermore, these HRV indices change with maturation. We propose the abstraction of HRV categories defined by short- and long-term fluctuation amplitude, complexity, and pattern indices that cover all relevant aspects of maturational age, behavioral influences and a series of pathological disturbances. The study data are provided by multiple centers. Our approach is an important step towards the goal of a standardized diagnostic tool for early identification of fetal developmental disturbances with respect to the reduction of serious complications in the later life.
ATLANTIC-DIP: raised maternal body mass index (BMI) adversely affects maternal and fetal outcomes in glucose-tolerant women according to International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria.; CONTEXT: Raised maternal body mass index (BMI) in association with hyperglycemia is associated with adverse pregnancy outcome. The contribution of raised BMI as an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome is of growing concern and increasing prevalence. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of raised maternal BMI on pregnancy outcome in glucose-tolerant women using the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: We studied a cohort of glucose-tolerant, pregnant women (n = 3656) who were attending antenatal obstetric clinics and were recruited to a universal screening program for gestational diabetes under the ATLANTIC-DIP partnership. DESIGN: We conducted a prospective observational study of pregnancy outcome. Maternal outcomes include glucose, delivery mode, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, antepartum hemorrhage, and postpartum hemorrhage. Fetal outcomes included birthweight, congenital malformation, fetal death, neonatal jaundice, hypoglycemia, and respiratory distress. RESULTS: Increasing maternal BMI was associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes: higher cesarean section rates, preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension, increased birth weight, and congenital malformation. The association of glucose with adverse pregnancy outcome was weak and did not interact with raised BMI. A BMI threshold of 28 kg/m(2) was associated with a significant rise in adverse pregnancy outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Raised maternal BMI, within the overweight range, is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. These adverse effects of BMI occur independently of maternal glucose. It is apparent that pregnancy unmasks an underlying unhealthy metabolic milieu in obese and overweight women.
[Internal medicine problems regarding contraception. Part I].; The increasing distaste for the "pill' is mainly due to uncritical comments disseminated by the mass media and to the rational and irrational anxieties of women. The doses of steroidal hormones in today's hormonal contraceptive agents are only a small fraction of the amounts used in the past. Consequently, the occurrence of adverse reactions is much smaller; thus, tendency to thromboembolism has decreased by more than 25% with ovulation inhibitors containing only 50 gamma of EE, and thrombotic incidents are very rare if the so-called "micropill" (30 gamma EE) is given. Hypertension is observed in 1--2.5%, but can be detected by regular blood pressure control. Glucose tolerance is dependent on the estrogen dose and the type of gestagen used. By choosing contraceptive agents with low estrogen doses in combination with a gestagen of the pregnane type, or with the so-called "minipill", the danger of glucose deterioration can be avoided. Plasma triglycerides are markedly increased. The risk of hepatic complications increases with the duration of treatment. Jaundice seems to be mainly due to C17-alkyl substituted steroids. A correlation has been assumed between episodes of pancreatitis and increased lipoprotein concentrations due to treatment with oral contraceptive agents. In contrast, they have a protective effect in rheumatoid arthritis. The absolute and relative contraindications for oral contraceptive agents are listed.
[Expert consensus on the diagnosis and treatment of obstructive sleep apnea in women].; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) shows sex differences in the pathophysiology, epidemiology, and clinical presentation. Women have different characteristics of OSA at different life stages. Based on 26 guidelines and consensus, 121 English literatures, and 24 Chinese literatures, the Sleep Disorder Group of Chinese Thoracic Society has drafted a consensus with multidisciplinary experts to summarize the epidemiology, clinical characteristics, diagnosis, treatment, and follow-up of OSA in women at different life stages, particularly issues related to OSA during pregnancy. The consensus is divided into four parts: epidemiology, diagnosis, treatment, and issues for pregnant women with OSA, with 34 recommendations covering 13 clinical issues. The aim was to improve the understanding and managements of OSA in women.Summary of recommendationsQuestion 1: What is the prevalence of OSA in women at different life stages?The prevalence of OSA varies among women at different life stages. Sex differences are not significant in childhood and adolescence. The prevalence of OSA in women of childbearing age is significantly lower than that in men. The prevalence of OSA increases during pregnancy due to changes in hormone levels and the influence of pregnancy physiology, as well as with gestational weeks. In postmenopausal women, the prevalence of OSA increases significantly, and the sex differences are no longer significant.Question 2: What are the risk factors for OSA in women at different life stages?The risk factors for OSA in women at different life stages are not identical. (1) Childhood and adolescence: Tonsillar and adenoid hypertrophy, obesity, and craniofacial structural anomalies increase the risk of OSA; (2) Childbearing age: The prevalence of OSA in women is lower than in men. However, obesity, hypothyroidism, acromegaly, and polycystic ovary syndrome increase the risk of OSA, and these patients should be screened for OSA; (3) Pregnancy: hormonal effects, uterine enlargement, and weight changes increase the risk of OSA, especially in those with a history of snoring or OSA before pregnancy; (4) Perimenopausal and post-menopausal periods: Decreased levels of estrogen/progesterone reduce the protective effects on the upper airways, and increase the risk of OSA. Menopause is an important risk factor for OSA in women.Question 3: What are the harms of OSA in women?OSA is an independent risk factor for diseases such as hypertension, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, metabolic disorders, emotional and cognitive impairments, and malignant tumors in women. OSA during pregnancy has several adverse effects on maternal and infant health, and is associated with increased risks of preeclampsia, hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (HDM), premature birth, neonatal asphyxia, fetal growth restriction, etc.Question 4: What are the clinical symptoms and physical signs of OSA in women?The symptoms of OSA in women are different from those in men. Attention should be paid to whether women snore and the frequency of snoring, especially among postmenopausal and obese women. The atypical symptoms of OSA, including insomnia, daytime fatigue, morning headache, anxiety and nightmares, should not be ignored, especially in postmenopausal, obese, and pregnant women.Question 5: When should women be screened for OSA?(1) Postmenopausal and pregnant women, as well as women with a first-degree relative with OSA. It should be noted that the clinical symptoms of OSA in women are not typical; (2) Women with polycystic ovary syndrome, hypothyroidism, and acromegaly; (3) Women engaged in various occupations, including driving and working at heights.Question 6: How to screen OSA in women?Many screening tools and questionnaires can be used to screen for OSA, but should not be used to diagnose OSA in the absence of objective sleep tests. (1) Questionnaires and screening tools: The STOP-Bang questionnaire targeting the general population has higher sensitivity than Berlin Questionnaire (BQ), Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS), and others. STOP Bang≥3 points combined with ESS can further improve its specificity and can be used for OSA screening in women. However, the questionnaire has poor sensitivity for female OSA. Type Ⅳ monitoring devices can be used for OSA screening in women with a weak recommendation; (2) PSG is the gold standard for diagnosis. Type Ⅱ or Ⅲ portable monitoring (PM) devices are recommended for the diagnosis of OSA in women in the following conditions: 1) Diagnosis of high-risk OSA patients without complex comorbidities; 2) OSA patients who are immobile or critically ill and unable to undergo PSG monitoring in a sleep center; 3) Diagnosis of perioperative OSA patients; 4) Pregnant women with high suspicion of OSA.Question 7: How to diagnose OSA in women?The diagnostic and grading criteria for adult non-pregnant women with OSA are the same as the diagnostic criteria for adult OSA; for diagnosis and grading of OSA in pregnant women, see "Section 4: OSA in Pregnancy".Question 8: How to treat OSA in women?For all the OSA patients with varying degrees of severity in women, the general treatment can be applied: weight loss, dietary control, exercise, position therapy, reduction of alcohol intake, and cautious use of sedative and hypnotic drugs. Medical costs and the risk of comorbidities with OSA in women are higher than those in men. Therefore, OSA patients in women should be promptly evaluated and treated.Question 9: How to optimize non-invasive positive pressure ventilation (NPPV) treatment and improve compliance for OSA patients in women?(1) NPPV is the first-line treatment for moderate to severe OSA in women. It can relieve upper airway obstruction, eliminate sleep hypoxia, improve sleep quality and quality of life, and reduce the incidence of related complications and mortality; (2) To improve compliance with NPPV treatment, behavioral interventions and patient education are recommended. Selecting an appropriate human-machine interface, improving the humidification effect, promptly handling adverse reactions, and applying remote medical models may improve the compliance.Question 10: What are the other options for OSA treatment in women?Other treatment methods include oral appliances, upper airway surgery, and sublingual nerve stimulation therapy, which have moderate therapeutic effects in women. Postmenopausal hormone therapy (MHT) in women has a certain therapeutic effect on OSA, but its safety needs further evaluation.Question 11: What is follow-up evaluation for OSA in women?(1) Follow-up every 6 months or 1 year after receiving NPPV treatment; (2) PSG should be rechecked at the 3rd and 6th months after surgical treatment to evaluate the therapeutic effects. For patients with poor therapeutic effects after surgery, it is recommended to use treatments such as NPPV; (3) PSG should be rechecked at the 3rd and 6th months after oral appliance treatment. Oral appliances should be adjusted as needed to consolidate long-term efficacy, or switched to a treatment such as NPPV; (4) During follow-up, attention should be paid to the improvement of apnea hypopnea index(AHI), symptoms, and side effects; (5) It is recommended that NPPV treatment be remotely managed via the internet, which can provide high-quality and comprehensive sleep care; (6) Follow-up of OSA during pregnancy can be found in "Section 4: OSA in Pregnancy ".Question 12: How to diagnose and evaluate OSA during pregnancy?OSA during pregnancy has adverse effects on maternal and infant outcomes. It is recommended that high-risk pregnant women be screened and diagnosed for OSA during pregnancy management and healthcare.(1) Screening of the high-risk population: Individuals who meet any of the following criteria are considered at high risk for OSA during pregnancy. 1) Symptoms: snoring during sleep, arousal, headache in the morning, insomnia, depression, excessive daytime sleepiness, and fatigue; 2) Pregnant women over 35 years old; 3) Physical signs: weight exceeding standard body weight by 20% or more, BMI≥28 kg/m(2), and neck circumference>40 cm; anatomical abnormalities of the upper airways, such as nasal obstruction, tonsil hypertrophy, and mandibular retrognathia, etc.; 4) Combined internal medicine diseases, such as refractory hypertension, unknown arrhythmia, chronic congestive heart failure, refractory diabetes and insulin resistance, refractory asthma, hypothyroidism, primary aldosteronism; 5) Those with obstetric related diseases, such as preeclampsia, HDP, GDM, and intrauterine growth restriction of the fetus, and with symptoms of chest tightness and apnea that cannot be explained by other factors, and with previous history of gestational OSA or family history.(2) Screening time: There is currently no strong evidence to support the recommendation for optimal screening time. Given the adverse effects of OSA on mothers and infants, it is recommended that high-risk individuals of OSA be screened for OSA between12 and 18 weeks of pregnancy.(3) Screening tools: The main manifestations of OSA in pregnant women are insomnia and poor sleep quality, whereas daytime drowsiness is often not severe. Various sleep questionnaires and models for OSA in pregnancy have poor sensitivity and specificity. Type Ⅳ and consumer-level monitoring devices are lack of sufficient clinical validation. It is recommended that the results of the above screening tools should only have an indicative role in the diagnosis of OSA during pregnancy.(4) Diagnostic tools: PSG is the gold standard for the diagnosis of OSA in pregnancy. PM may be the first choice diagnostic technique for OSA in pregnancy, and Type Ⅲ monitoring devices are the most commonly used devices.(5) Diagnostic criteria: Diagnosis of OSA during pregnancy should be based on symptoms, signs, and PSG or PM monitoring results. Diagnostic criteria for OSA during pregnancy are as follows: 1) PSG or PM monitoring shows AHI≥5 times/h with symptoms or signs of OSA in women, or with related complications (such as diagnosed hypertension, emotional disorders, unexplained arrhythmias, chronic congestive heart failure, HDP, HDM, intrauterine growth restriction that cannot be explained by other factors, chest tightness and apnea excluding other reasons), or with previous history of OSA or family history of OSA; 2) PSG or PM monitoring shows AHI≥10 times/h in those with less daytime drowsiness (ESS≤9 points).Question 13: How to manage OSA during pregnancy?(1) Once OSA is diagnosed during pregnancy, personalized treatment plans from pregnancy to birth should be developed through collaborative discussions between sleep center professionals, obstetricians, pregnant women, and their families. Multidisciplinary collaboration among anaesthesia, neonatology, and critical care medicine may be required in some cases. A comprehensive management approach should be adopted based on the patient's condition, which includes strengthening weight management, positioning treatment, NPPV treatment, oral appliances, and management of maternal and infant complications; (2) Considering the Regarding continuous weight gain during pregnancy, APAP treatment is more appropriate mode for pregnant women with OSA; (3) Oral appliances are suitable for patients with snoring or mild to moderate OSA, especially those with combined mandibular retraction or NPPV intolerance. However, oral appliances are not recommended as the first-line treatment; (4) It is not recommended to use surgical methods to treat OSA during pregnancy; (5) Follow-up and evaluation: Patients' conditions should be re-evaluated and treatment plans should be adjusted at around 24 weeks of pregnancy. Postpartum PSG or PM monitoring should be repeated to assess the need for continued treatment after delivery.
Racial and ethnic disparities in chronic health conditions among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus.; Background: This study aims to examine and determine the role of race/ethnicity in chronic conditions in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during any of their previous pregnancies. Methods: We used the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from2007-2016 to identify women who self-reported prior GDM and chronic disease diagnoses such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, depression, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM).We used bivariate analysis using the chi-square test (χ²) and multiple logistic regressions to perform statistical test for associations, taking into consideration design and sample weight. Results: Among participants with prior GDM diagnoses, black women had a 74.4% prevalence of chronic disease, followed by Whites, 58.5% Hispanics, 58.0%, and Asians, 51.9% (P=0.009).Black women with prior GDM diagnoses had 2.4 odds of having chronic conditions compared to Whites (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]=2.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.28-4.50). In addition, they had higher odds of being former smokers (AOR=1.73, 95% CI=1.01-2.96),current smokers (AOR=1.96, 95% CI=1.06-3.61), having a body mass index (BMI) of 25-29.9(AOR=2.55, 95% CI=1.10-5.87), or a BMI ≥30 (AOR=4.09, 95% CI = 2.05-8.17) compared to their White counterparts. Hispanic women had lower odds of being diagnosed with GDM and associated chronic diseases. Conclusion: Black women with GDM were disproportionally affected and at higher risk to be diagnosed with chronic conditions. Smoking and obesity were strongly associated with chronic disease diagnoses. Our findings also suggest a 'Hispanic Paradox', requiring further study. These findings inform primary care clinicians and Obstetricians, and Gynecologists of at-risk patients who could benefit from lifestyle modification recommendations and counseling.
Management and outcomes of pregnant women with cardiovascular diseases in a cardio-obstetric team.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are currently the leading cause of maternal death in Western countries. Although multidisciplinary cardio-obstetric teams are recommended to improve the management of pregnant women with CVD, data supporting this approach are scarce. AIMS: To describe the characteristics and outcomes of pregnant patients with CVD managed within the cardio-obstetric programme of a tertiary centre. METHODS: We included every pregnant patient with history of CVD managed by our cardio-obstetric team between June 2017 and December 2019, and collected all major cardiovascular events (death, heart failure, acute coronary syndromes, stroke, endocarditis and aortic dissection) that occurred during pregnancy, peripartum and the following year. RESULTS: We included 209 consecutive pregnancies in 202 patients. CVDs were predominantly valvular heart diseases (37.8%), rhythm disorders (26.8%), and adult congenital heart diseases (22.5%). Altogether, 47.4% were classified modified World Health Organization (mWHO)>II, 66.5% had CARdiac disease in PREGnancy score (CARPREG II)≥2 and 80 pregnancies (38.3%) were delivered by caesarean section. Major cardiovascular events occurred in 16 pregnancies (7.7%, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.5-12.2) during pregnancy and in three others (1.5%, 95% CI 0.3-4.1) during 1-year follow-up. Most events (63.1%) occurred in the 16.3% of patients with unknown CVD before pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The management of pregnant patients with CVD within a cardio-obstetric team seems encouraging as we found a relatively low rate of cardiovascular events compared to the high-risk profile of our population. However, most of the remaining events occurred in patients without cardiac monitoring before pregnancy.
Pregnancy Following Heart Transplantation: A Single Centre Case Series and Review of the Literature.; BACKGROUND: Maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy amongst cardiac transplant recipients are limited in the current literature. METHODS: We describe five pregnancies in three cardiac transplant recipients managed between a tertiary centre for obstetric medicine and an associated state-wide transplant centre between 2014-2018, and provide a narrative review of the literature. RESULTS: Pre-conception counselling was undertaken. There were no recent rejection episodes and all women demonstrated good baseline cardiac function. Median maternal age was 27 years (range 23-38 yrs.). Median time from transplantation to pregnancy was 5 years (range 2-14 yrs.). All women were managed with modified immunosuppressant regimens and multidisciplinary care. Cardiac function, tacrolimus levels and renal function were closely monitored with frequent monitoring for common complications of pregnancy. There were no maternal or fetal deaths. There was no evidence of graft rejection and no deterioration in cardiac function. Tacrolimus doses were increased to maintain therapeutic targets. Gestational diabetes occurred in three women and cholestasis of pregnancy occurred in one. Each infant was delivered by vaginal delivery. One mother had postpartum haemorrhage in both pregnancies. Pre-eclampsia did not occur. Median gestation at delivery was 37 weeks (range 35(+4)-40(+5) days) with two preterm deliveries. One (1) infant was born with low birth weight. One (1) infant had jaundice requiring phototherapy. All infants were breastfed. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy in transplant recipients confers risk to the mother and fetus. Pre-conception counselling, immunosuppressant tailoring and regular monitoring are paramount to avoid rejection and possible teratogenic complications. Favourable pregnancy outcomes are achievable with specialist multidisciplinary care.
Long-term Outcomes Associated With Post-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications.; BACKGROUND: Kidney donors have increased risk of postdonation gestational hypertension (gHTN) and preeclampsia. In the general population, pregnancy complications are associated with long-term maternal risk. However, little data exist on whether donors with postdonation pregnancy-related complications have similar increased long-term risks. We studied whether postdonation gHTN, preeclampsia/eclampsia, or gestational diabetes (gDM) was associated with increased risk of developing hypertension, DM, cardiovascular disease, or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 . METHODS: Postdonation pregnancies with complications were matched to pregnancies without complications based on time from donation. Incidence of outcomes was compared using sequential Cox regression with robust standard errors. Donors with predonation pregnancy complications were excluded. Models were adjusted for age at pregnancy, gravidity, year of donation, and family history of hypertension, DM, and heart disease. RESULTS: Of the 384 donors with postdonation pregnancies (median [quartiles] follow-up of 27.0 [14.2-36.2] y after donation), 39 experienced preeclampsia/eclampsia, 29 gHTN without preeclampsia, and 17 gDM. Median interval from donation to first pregnancy with preeclampsia was 5.1 (2.9-8.6) y; for gHTN, 3.7 (1.9-7.8) y; and for gDM, 7.3 (3.7-10.3) y. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 2.70; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.53-4.77) and gHTN (HR 2.39; 95% CI, 1.24-4.60) were associated with development of hypertension. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (HR 2.15; 95% CI, 1.11-4.16) and gDM (HR 5.60; 95% CI, 1.41-22.15) were associated with development of DM. Pregnancy-related complications were not associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m 2 . CONCLUSIONS: In our single-center study, postdonation preeclampsia, gHTN, or gDM was associated with long-term risk of hypertension or DM.
Associations between maternal risk factors of adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes and the offspring epigenetic clock of gestational age at birth.; BACKGROUND: A recent study has shown that it is possible to accurately estimate gestational age (GA) at birth from the DNA methylation (DNAm) of fetal umbilical cord blood/newborn blood spots. This DNAm GA predictor may provide additional information relevant to developmental stage. In 814 mother-neonate pairs, we evaluated the associations between DNAm GA and a number of maternal and offspring characteristics. These characteristics reflect prenatal environmental adversity and are expected to influence newborn developmental stage. RESULTS: DNAm GA acceleration (GAA; i.e., older DNAm GA than chronological GA) of the offspring at birth was associated with maternal age of over 40 years at delivery, pre-eclampsia and fetal demise in a previous pregnancy, maternal pre-eclampsia and treatment with antenatal betamethasone in the index pregnancy, lower neonatal birth size, lower 1-min Apgar score, and female sex. DNAm GA deceleration (GAD; i.e., younger DNAm GA than chronological GA) of the offspring at birth was associated with insulin-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a previous pregnancy and Sjögren's syndrome. These findings were more accentuated when the DNAm GA calculation was based on the raw difference between DNAm GA and GA than on the residual from the linear regression of DNAm GA on GA. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that variations in the DNAm GA of the offspring at birth are associated with a number of maternal and offspring characteristics known to reflect exposure to prenatal environmental adversity. Future studies should be aimed at determining if this biological variation is predictive of developmental adversity.
Maternal sociodemographic characteristics and risk factors of antepartum fetal death.; The objectives of this study were to assess the sociodemographic profile and to identify the risk factors of ante-partum fetal death which occurs after the age of viability of fetus. This prospective observational study was conducted in the Obstetrics department of Ad-din Women Medical College Hospital during the period of June, 2009 to July, 2010. A total of 14,015 pregnant patients were admitted in the study place after the age of viability, which was taken as 28 weeks of gestation for our facilities. Eighty-three (0.59%) of them were identified as intrauterine fetal death. Assessment of maternal sociodemographic characteristics and maternal-fetal risk factors were evaluated with a semi structured questionnaire pretested. Majority (81.92%, n=68) of the patients were below 30 years of age, 78.31% belonged to middle socioeconomic group. Almost 58% women had education below SSC level and 28.91% took regular antenatal checkup. About 61.45% patients were multigravida. Most (59.04%) ante-partum deaths were identified below 32 weeks of pregnancy. Out of 83 patients, maternal risk factors were identified in 41(49.59%) cases where fetal risk factors were found in 16(19.27%) cases; no risk factors could be determined in rests. Hypertension (48.78%), diabetes (21.95%), hyperpyrexia (17.3%), abruptio placentae (4.88%) and UTI (7.36%) were identified as maternal factors; and congenital anomaly (37.5%), Rh incompatibility (37.5%), multiple pregnancy (12.5%) and post-maturity (12.5%) were the fetal risk factors. Here, proximal biological risk factors are most important in ante-partum fetal deaths. More investigations and facilities are needed to explain the causes of antepartum deaths.
Heart Rate Variability and Pregnancy Complications: Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: The autonomic nervous system (ANS) is known as a critical regulatory system for pregnancy-induced adaptations. If it fails to function, life-threatening pregnancy complications could occur. Hence, understanding and monitoring the underlying mechanism of action for these complications are necessary. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to systematically review the literature concerned with the associations between heart rate variability (HRV), as an ANS biomarker, and pregnancy complications. METHODS: We performed a comprehensive search in the PubMed, Medline Completion, CINAHL Completion, Web of Science Core Collection Classic, Cochrane Library, and SCOPUS databases in February 2022 with no time span limitation. We included studies concerned with the association between any pregnancy complications and HRV, with or without a control group. The PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) guideline was used for the review of the studies, and Covidence software was used for the study selection process. For data synthesis, we used the guideline by Popay et al. RESULTS: Finally, 12 studies with 6656 participants were included. Despite the methodological divergency that hindered a comprehensive comparison, our findings suggest that ANS is linked with some common pregnancy complications including fetal growth. However, existing studies do not support an association between ANS and gestational diabetes mellitus. Studies that linked pulmonary and central nervous system disorders with ANS function did not provide enough evidence to draw conclusions. CONCLUSIONS: This review highlights the importance of understanding and monitoring the underlying mechanism of ANS in pregnancy-induced adaptations and the need for further research with robust methodology in this area.
Predictive value of protein-bound uremic toxins for heart failure in patients with chronic kidney disease.; AIMS: This retrospective cohort study aimed to be the first to evaluate the association between plasma protein-bound uremic toxins (PBUTs) concentrations, echocardiographic parameters of heart failure (HF), and incident HF events in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD) not on dialysis. METHODS AND RESULTS: Retrospective, single-centre, cohort study at the Ghent University Hospital, Belgium. Adults with CKD stages G1-G5, not on dialysis, could be included. Exclusion criteria were ongoing pregnancy, age <18 years, active acute infection, active malignancy, history of transplantation, or a cardiovascular event within 3 months prior to inclusion. Free and total concentrations of five PBUTs were quantified at baseline: indoxyl sulfate (IxS), p-cresyl sulfate (pCS), p-cresyl glucuronide (pCG), indole-3 acetic acid (IAA), and hippuric acid (HA). Patients were grouped into three echocardiographic categories: normal left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and normal left ventricular end-diastolic pressure (LVEDP), normal LVEF and increased LVEDP, and reduced LVEF, based on available echocardiographic data in a time interval of ±6 months around the plasma sample collection. A total of 523 patients were included between January 2011 and January 2014. Echocardiographic data within the predefined timeframe were available for 210 patients (40% of patients). Levels of pCG and pCS were significantly higher in patients with reduced (<50%) versus normal LVEF (P < 0.05). After a median follow-up 5.5 years, 43 (8.4%) patients reached the composite endpoint of hospitalization or mortality due to HF. Free fractions of IxS, pCS, and pCG showed the strongest association with clinical outcome: free IxS: HR 1.71 (95% CI 1.11-2.63; P = 0.015), free pCS: HR 1.82 (95% CI 1.11-3.01; P = 0.019), and free pCG: HR 1.67 (95% CI 1.08-2.58; P = 0.020), and these results were independent of age, gender, body mass index, diabetes, and systolic blood pressure. In models that were also adjusted for serum creatinine, the free fractions of these PBUTs remained significant. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated free concentrations of IxS, pCG, and pCS were independently associated with an increased risk of HF events in non-dialysed CKD patients. Further research is necessary to confirm these findings and investigate the potential impact of PBUT-lowering interventions on HF events in this patient group.
Effect of discontinuation of growth hormone treatment on risk factors for cardiovascular disease in adolescents born small for gestational age.; Hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus type 2, and coronary heart disease have been associated with being born small for gestational age (SGA). It has been reported that GH treatment induced higher insulin levels, which has led to concern regarding the long-term effect of GH treatment in predisposed individuals such as children born SGA. In this study, we assessed the effect of discontinuation of long-term GH treatment in 47 adolescents born SGA on oral glucose tolerance tests, blood pressure (BP), and serum lipid levels for two GH dosage groups (3 vs. 6 IU/m2 x d). At 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment mean (SD) age was 16.0 (2.1) yr. Mean duration of GH treatment had been 6.9 (1.5) yr. Fasting glucose levels and 120-min area under the curve for glucose 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment showed no difference from pretreatment levels for both GH dosage groups. After discontinuation of GH treatment, fasting insulin levels returned to pretreatment levels (8.4 mU/liter), whereas the 120-min area under the curve for insulin decreased, compared with 6-yr levels (P < 0.01), regardless of GH dosage group. No significant difference was found when levels were compared with a control group. In addition, for both GH dosage groups, no significant changes in systolic and diastolic BP SD score, total cholesterol, and atherogenic index (total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) were seen from 6 yr of GH until 6 months after discontinuation of GH treatment. In conclusion, in children born SGA, the GH-induced insulin insensitivity disappeared after discontinuation of GH, even after long-term GH treatment. Furthermore, the beneficial effect of GH on BP was not changed after discontinuation of GH, and most children had normal lipid levels.
Modulation of the L-arginine/nitric oxide signalling pathway in vascular endothelial cells.; Nitric oxide (NO) is synthesized from L-arginine, and in endothelial cells influx of L-arginine is mediated predominantly via Na+-independent cationic amino acid transporters. Constitutive, Ca2+-calmodulin-sensitive eNOS (endothelial nitric oxide synthase) metabolizes L-arginine to NO and L-citrulline. eNOS is present in membrane caveolae and the cytosol and requires tetrahydrobiopterin, NADPH, FAD and FMN as additional cofactors for its activity. Supply of L-arginine for NO synthesis appears to be derived from a membrane-associated compartment distinct from the bulk intracellular amino acid pool, e.g. near invaginations of the plasma membrane referred to as 'lipid rafts' or caveolae. Co-localization of eNOS and the cationic amino acid transport system y+ in caveolae in part explains the 'arginine paradox', related to the phenomenon that in certain disease states eNOS requires an extracellular supply of L-arginine despite having sufficient intracellular L-arginine concentrations. Vasoactive agonists normally elevate [Ca2+]i (intracellular calcium concentration) in endothelial cells, thus stimulating NO production, whereas fluid shear stress, 17beta-oestradiol and insulin cause phosphorylation of the serine/threonine protein kinase Akt/protein kinase B in a phosphoinositide 3-kinase-dependent manner and activation of eNOS at basal [Ca2+]i levels. Adenosine causes an acute activation of p42/p44 mitogen-activated protein kinase and NO release, with membrane hyperpolarization leading to increased system y+ activity in fetal endothelial cells. In addition to acute stimulatory actions of D-glucose and insulin on L-arginine transport and NO synthesis, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth retardation and pre-eclampsia induce phenotypic changes in the fetal vasculature, resulting in alterations in the L-arginine/NO signalling pathway and regulation of [Ca2+]i. These alterations may have significant implications for long-term programming of the fetal cardiovascular system.
Relationship of low birth weight to pulsatile arterial function in asymptomatic younger adults: the Bogalusa Heart Study.; BACKGROUND: Low birth weight, an indicator of intrauterine growth restriction, is associated with adult cardiovascular (CV) disease, type 2 diabetes, and adverse levels of CV risk factors. Impaired pulsatile arterial function is also an independent predictor of early vascular damage and related CV outcome. However, information is scant regarding the influence of low birth weight on pulsatile arterial function. METHODS: The study cohort consisted of 538 black and white subjects (29% black, 42% male) aged 18-44 years (mean 36.7 years) enrolled in the Bogalusa Heart Study. Subjects were categorized into low birth weight and normal birth weight. Pulsatile arterial function was assessed in terms of large artery compliance, small artery compliance, and systemic vascular resistance by noninvasive radial artery pressure pulse contour analysis. RESULTS: Blacks and females had significantly lower birth weight compared to their counterparts. Low vs. normal birth weight group had lower large artery compliance (13.3 ml/mm Hg x 10 vs. 15.5 ml/mm Hg x 10, P = 0.0002). Further, after adjusting for age, race, and sex, the large artery compliance increased across quartiles of increasing birth weight specific for race, sex, and gestational age (P for trend = 0.03). In multivariate regression model, adding race, sex, age, body surface area, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, triglycerides/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio one by one, the effect was attenuated but significant (beta = -0.067, P = 0.033). CONCLUSIONS: The observed deleterious association of low birth weight on arterial wall dynamics in asymptomatic younger adults may account in part for the adverse CV risk in the Bogalusa sample.
Sex differences in the impact of parental obesity on offspring cardiac SIRT3 expression, mitochondrial efficiency, and diastolic function early in life.; Previous studies suggest that parental obesity may adversely impact long-term metabolic health of the offspring. We tested the hypothesis that parental (paternal + maternal) obesity impairs cardiac function in the offspring early in life. Within 1-3 days after weaning, offspring from obese rats fed a high-fat diet (HFD-Offs) and age-matched offspring from lean rats (ND-Offs) were submitted to echocardiography and cardiac catheterization for assessment of pressure-volume relationships. Then, hearts were digested and isolated cardiomyocytes were used to determine contractile function, calcium transients, proteins related to calcium signaling, and mitochondrial bioenergetics. Female and male HFD-Offs were heavier (72 ± 2 and 61 ± 4 g vs. 57 ± 2 and 49 ± 1 g), hyperglycemic (112 ± 8 and 115 ± 12 mg/dL vs. 92 ± 10 and 96 ± 8 mg/dL) with higher plasma insulin and leptin concentrations compared with female and male ND-Offs. When compared with male controls, male HFD-Offs exhibited similar systolic function but impaired diastolic function as indicated by increased IVRT (22 ± 1 vs. 17 ± 1 ms), E/E' ratio (29 ± 2 vs. 23 ± 1), and tau (5.7 ± 0.2 vs. 4.8 ± 0.2). The impaired diastolic function was associated with reduced resting free Ca(2+) levels and phospholamban protein expression, increased activated matrix metalloproteinase 2, and reduced SIRT3 protein expression, mitochondrial ATP reserve, and ATP-linked respiration. These results indicate that male and female Offs from obese parents have multiple metabolic abnormalities early in life (1-3 days after weaning) and that male, but not female, Offs have impaired diastolic function as well as reductions in cardiac SIRT3, resting free Ca(2+) levels, and mitochondrial biogenesis.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Parental obesity contributes to diastolic dysfunction in young offspring (1-3 days after weaning) in a sex-dependent manner, as well as reduced cardiac SIRT3 expression and altered mitochondrial bioenergetics, resting Ca(2+) levels, and reduced phospholamban protein levels.
Coffee consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer.; Numerous epidemiological studies have evaluated the association between coffee consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, and various cancers. This paper briefly reviews the evidence for a relation between coffee consumption and these conditions, with particular attention to methodological issues. Several early studies suggested that coffee consumption could result in a marked increase in risk of coronary heart disease and several types of cancer. However, more recent prospective cohort studies that are less prone to selection and information bias have not confirmed these findings. High consumption of unfiltered types of coffee, such as French press and boiled coffee, has been shown to increase low-density-lipoprotein-cholesterol concentrations. In addition, limiting caffeinated coffee intake during pregnancy seems a prudent choice. However, evidence has been accumulating that frequent consumption of coffee may reduce risk of type 2 diabetes and liver cancer. Further experimental studies are warranted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms and possibly identify the components in coffee that are responsible for these putative effects. In sum, the currently available evidence on coffee and risk of cardiovascular diseases and cancer is largely reassuring, and suggests that, for the general population, addressing other health-related behaviors has priority for the prevention of chronic diseases.
Socioeconomic status, diabetes, and gestation length in Native American and White women.; OBJECTIVE: "Diminishing returns" of socioeconomic status (SES) suggests that higher SES may not confer equivalent health benefits for ethnic minority individuals as compared to White individuals. Little research has tested whether diminishing returns also affects Native Americans. The objective of this study was to determine whether higher SES is associated with lower diabetes risk and longer gestational length in both Native American and White women, and whether SES predicts gestational length indirectly via diabetes risk. METHOD: A sample of 674,014 Native American and White women was drawn from a population-based California cohort of singleton births (2007-2012). Education, public health insurance status, gestational length, and diabetes diagnosis were extracted from a state-maintained birth cohort database. Covariates were age, health behaviors, pregnancy variables, residence rurality, and prepregnancy body mass index. RESULTS: In logistic regression models, the race by SES interaction (both education and insurance status) was associated with diabetes risk. Compared to high-SES White women, high- and low-SES Native American women had highest and equivalent diabetes risk. In path analyses, the race by SES interaction indirectly predicted gestational length through diabetes, ps < .001. For White women, an indirect effect of diabetes was detected, ps < .001, such that higher SES was associated with reduced risk for diabetes and thus longer gestational length. For Native American women, no indirect effect was detected, ps > .067. CONCLUSIONS: Among Native American women, higher SES did not confer protection against diabetes or shorter gestational length. These findings are consistent with the diminishing returns of SES phenomenon. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2021 APA, all rights reserved).
Hsa_circ_0006260 Mediates Trophoblast Function by Fibronectin Type III Domains Containing Protein 5 via Interacting with miR-770-5p.; A series of studies have confirmed the relationship between circular RNAs (circRNAs) and metabolic diseases. Hsa_circ_0006260 has been reported to be lowly expressed in the placenta of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients, but the underlying mechanism and its biological functions remain obscure. Placental tissues were collected from 37 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and 37 pregnant women with GDM. Expression changes of hsa_circ_0006260 in placentas and high glucose (HG)-stimulated HTR-8/SVneo cells were detected using real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Cell viability and migration were determined by cell counting and transwell assays, respectively. Measurement of cytokines was done by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Cell apoptosis was estimated by flow cytometry assay. The molecular mechanisms were identified using dual-luciferase reporter and RNA-binding protein immunoprecipitation assays. Hsa_circ_0006260 expression was remarkably lowered in GDM patient-derived placentas and HG-stimulated HTR-8/SVneo cells. Functionally, hsa_circ_0006260 overexpression weakened HG-mediated repression of HTR-8/SVneo cell viability and migration, as well as promotion of HTR-8/SVneo cell inflammatory response and apoptosis. Mechanistically, hsa_circ_0006260 functioned as a miR-770-5p decoy to mediate fibronectin type III domains containing protein 5 (FNDC5) expression. Ectopic expression of miR-770-5p weakened hsa_circ_0006260 overexpression-mediated repression of HG-induced HTR-8/SVneo cell dysfunction. Also, FNDC5 knockdown lessened miR-770-5p overexpression-mediated promotion of HG-induced HTR-8/SVneo cell dysfunction. Our findings manifested a novel mechanism by which hsa_circ_0006260 could lower HG-induced HTR-8/SVneo cell dysfunction by upregulating FNDC5 via binding to miR-770-5p, which shed new light on circRNA mediated GDM pathogenesis.
Abnormal umbilical cord coiling and association with pregnancy factors.; The umbilical cord, as a connecting bridge between two lives, plays an important role in fetal development. Though studies on the umbilical cord date back many years, extensive studies on certain umbilical cord characteristics, such as umbilical cord coiling, are rare. Cord coiling, measured by the umbilical coiling index, is a physiological phenomenon that offers resistance to external pressures. Umbilical cord coiling is a result of several factors, both environmental and genetic. However, umbilical cords sometimes coil abnormally, resulting in hypocoiling, hypercoiling, or non-coiling which have significant associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. An all-language literature search was conducted on Medline from 1970 to 2023. The following search terms were used; umbilical cord; umbilical coiling; coiling index; abnormal coiling; perinatal outcomes, and cross-referencing yielded further information. We comprehensively reviewed the literature on umbilical cord coiling, factors contributing to coiling, abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord, and the association with several factors including maternal age, gravida, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, abruption, birth weight, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal iron status, small for gestational age, fetal heart rate variations, ponderal index, and sought possible explanations.
Incidence changes in risk factors associated with the decreasing number of birth-related clavicle fractures in Finland: A nationwide retrospective birth cohort from 2004 to 2017.; BACKGROUND: A clavicle fracture is one of the most common birth injuries. The objective of this study was to examine whether the decreased incidence of birth-related clavicle fractures in Finland is because of temporal changes in their predisposing factors. METHODS: For this nationwide population-based study, we used the Finnish Medical Birth Register and the Care Register for Health Care databases. The study population included all singleton, live-born newborn born spontaneously or by vacuum-assisted delivery, in cephalic presentation ≥37(+0) weeks of gestation. The incidences of clavicle fractures, pregnancy characteristics, and risk assessments for fracture were calculated and compared between two time periods: 2004-2010 and 2011-2017. RESULTS: A total of 629 457 newborn were born vaginally between 2004 and 2017. The clavicle fracture incidence decreased from 17.6/1000 to 6.2/1000 live births. Shoulder dystocia, diabetes, and birthweight ≥4000 g were the strongest predisposing factors. The incidence of birthweight ≥4000 g decreased, meanwhile type 1 diabetes and shoulder dystocia remained stable and gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, and maternal obesity increased in the later study period. The incidence of clavicle fractures without known predisposing factors declined. Simultaneously, the cesarean birth rate remained stable (13.2%-13.1%), although the rate of vacuum-assisted deliveries increased (8.5%-9.5%). DISCUSSION: The incidence of clavicle fractures decreased, even though the incidence of most risk factors remained stable or increased, and the cesarean birth rate remained stable. This decline may be related to the reduction of fracture incidence among deliveries without known risk factors, and the decrease in birthweight ≥4000 g.
C-Reactive Protein Levels at the Midpregnancy Can Predict Gestational Complications.; Although essential for a successful pregnancy, a growing body of evidence suggests that maternal inflammation, when dysregulated, may represent a risk factor for both maternal and neonatal outcomes. Here, we assessed the accuracy of maternal C-reactive protein (CRP) concentrations at the middle phase of pregnancy in the identification of maternal adverse outcomes (MAO) until delivery. A correlation between CRP and a complicated pregnancy including both maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes has been investigated, too. In this retrospective study, conducted at the Diabetology Unit of IRCCS Ospedale Policlinico San Martino, Genoa (Italy), 380 outpatient pregnant women have been enrolled at the prenatal visit before performing a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at 24th-26th gestational week for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening. Demographic, medical, and reproductive history has been obtained by verbal interview. Data about pregnancy and delivery have been retrieved from medical records. The median value of maternal baseline serum CRP was 3.25 μg/mL. Women experiencing MAO were older, more frequently suffering from hypertension, and showed higher CRP concentrations, with a cutoff value >1.86 μg/mL found by a ROC curve analysis to be accurately predictive for MAO. By a logistic regression analysis, serum CRP levels >1.86 μg/mL have been found to predict MAO also considering maternal age, hypertension, and GDM. Maternal CRP levels have been positively associated with overall pregnancy adverse outcomes (maternal and neonatal), too. In conclusion, in pregnant women serum levels of CRP can early recognize subjects at higher risk for maternal and neonatal complications needing a more stringent follow-up.
Thiazolidinediones -- some recent developments.; The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and beta-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on beta-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary, with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of beta-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Prevalence and risk factors for chronic kidney disease in Indonesia: An analysis of the National Basic Health Survey 2018.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Indonesia is rising, but the exact extent of the burden of CKD in Indonesia is unknown. To design a screening program for individuals at high-risk, more knowledge is required regarding the prevalence and risk factors of CKD in Indonesia. The latter could have a big impact on the prevention and management of patients with CKD in Indonesia. METHODS: For this purpose, we analysed data from The National Basic Health Survey 2018 (Riset Kesehatan Dasar, Riskesdas 2018), a descriptive cross-sectional study in 34 provinces, 416 districts and 98 cities in Indonesia. We included subjects aged ≥18 years and analysed the prevalence of CKD. Using multiple logistic regression, we investigated the association between CKD and potential risk factors such as demographic factors (age, gender, occupational status, level of education), lifestyle and behaviours (consumption of salty food, consumption of fruit and vegetables, smoking, alcohol consumption, carbonated drink consumption, physical activity), comorbid conditions (hypertension, heart disease, diabetes mellitus, hepatitis, stroke, nutritional status) and others (clean water supply, pregnancy complication, access to health care). RESULTS: We included 389 093 subjects in this study out of 713 783 subjects that participated in Riskesdas 2018 survey. The prevalence of CKD was 0.5%. The survey included mostly younger adults age 18-59 years (83.1%) with a mean (SD) age of 44.3 (15.1) years. The majority of subjects were female (60.3%), unemployed (58.4%), and the proportion of obese subject was 25.4%. Hypertension was the major comorbid condition (40.8%), while the proportion of diabetes mellitus (DM), heart disease, stroke and hepatitis were quite low (3.3%, 2.6%, 1.7% and 0.5%; respectively). Despite the high proportion of hypertension, only 36.2% of subjects did receive a prescription for anti-hypertensive medication of which only 21.7% used this medication regularly. The multiple logistic regression analysis demonstrated that hepatitis was the strongest risk factor of CKD (odds ratio (OR) = 3.406; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.496-4.648), exceeding the risk of CKD in patients with physical inactivity (OR = 1.236; 95% CI = 1.128-1.354), low education status (OR = 1.307; 95% CI = 1.191-1.434), male (OR = 1.527; 95% CI = 1.398-1.668), stroke (OR = 1.916; 95% CI = 1.570-2.338), heart disease (OR = 2.941; 95% CI = 2.356-3.671), and DM (OR = 2.462; 95% CI = 1.979-3.063). We also observed that DM (OR = 4.280; 95% CI = 3.756-4.876) and male subjects (OR = 1.474; 95% CI = 1.352-1.606) were identified as independent risk factors for CKD in hepatitis-positive subjects. CONCLUSIONS: This population-based survey confirmed the increasing burden of CKD in Indonesia and suggested that besides traditional metabolic risk factors, viral hepatitis has proven to be an independent risk factor for CKD in Indonesia. Furthermore, the risk of CKD is greater in male hepatitis patients with DM. The result of this study demonstrates the need for an aggressive screening program for patients with a high risk for the development of CKD. Apart from patients with traditional cardiometabolic risk factors, such a program should include patients with viral hepatitis.
[Analysis of first-time hearing screening tests among singlets and twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit].; Objective:To investigate the failure in the hearing screening test among twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit （NICU） and to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus to provide insights into prevention and early intervention. Methods:Automated auditory brainstem response（AABR）, distortion product otoacoustic emission（DPOAE） and acoustic immittance were performed on 1452 neonates（including 130 twins） admitted in NICU from January 2015 to June 2018 and the risk factors including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, etc. were analyzed retrospectively by univariate chi-square test and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results:The incidence of C-section, premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, low birth weight, very low birth weight, in-vitro fertilization, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome and formula or mixed feeding among twin neonates were significantly higher than those of singleton neonates （P<0.05）. The pass rates of the first-time AABR, DPOAE and acoustic immittance were significantly lower than singleton neonates. The proportion of twin neonates who failed the initial screening but recovered in the following test was as high as 72.86%. AABR pass rate was correlated with congenital heart disease, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, C-section and （very） low birth weight. The pass rate of DPOAE was correlated with low birth weight and C-section. The pass rate of acoustic immittance was correlated with preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension. The pass rate of diagnostic ABR was associated with gestational diabetes. And the pass rate of diagnostic DPOAE was associated with maternal age ≥40 years old. Conclusion:The first-time hearing screening pass rate of twin neonates in NICU is lower than that of neonatal singleton. Most twin neonates who fail in the first screening test will recover. Preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, （very） low birth weight, congenital heart disease, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, maternal age ≥ 40 years old and C-section are associated with the first-time failure in hearing screening tests among twin neonates, thus entailing close follow-up.
Hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy increase risk for incident prehypertension and hypertension in the year after delivery.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, including preeclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E) are associated with long-term cardiovascular disease risk. However, little is known about the effect of these conditions on risk for prehypertension (preHTN) or hypertension (HTN) in the early years after delivery. METHODS: The cohort consisted of women who had prenatal care and delivered a live singleton neonate at Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center in 2005-2010. Women with prepregnancy HTN or preHTN were excluded from analysis. Multivariable robust Poisson regression models were used to assess associations between any hypertensive disorder or PE/E and development of preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery, adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, parity, smoking, prepregnancy weight status, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, and gestational age. RESULTS: Among 5960 women who were normotensive prior to pregnancy, 358 (6.0%) developed a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, of whom 215 (60.1%) had PE/E. Overall, 63 (1.1%) developed HTN and 902 (15.1%) preHTN in the year after delivery. After accounting for all potential confounders, women with a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy and those with PE/E were 2.36 (95% confidence interval: 1.97-2.83) and 2.48 (95% confidence interval: 1.99-3.11) times as likely, respectively, to develop preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery as those without pregnancy-related HTN. Results were similar with and without adjustment for gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our findings highlight the need for prospective studies aimed at determining whether early postpartum screening and improved follow-up of women with hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy may prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Standard guidelines for care: sclerotherapy in dermatology.; DEFINITION: Sclerotherapy is defined as the targeted elimination of small vessels, varicose veins and vascular anomalies by the injection of a sclerosant. The aim of sclerotherapy is to damage the vessel wall and transform it into a fibrous cord that cannot be recanalized. It is a simple, cost-effective, efficacious and esthetically acceptable modality for both therapeutic and esthetic purposes. INDICATIONS: Therapeutic indications include varicose veins and vascular malformations. Esthetic indications include telangiectasias and reticular veins. In the management of varicose veins, it may need to be combined with other surgical methods of treatment, such as ligation of the saphenofemoral junction, stab ligation of perforators and stripping. A surgical opinion may be necessary. METHODOLOGY: A thorough knowledge of the anatomy and physiology of the venous system of the legs, basic principles of venous insufficiency, methods of diagnosis and, in addition, uses, mechanisms of action and complications of sclerosing agents and proper compression techniques are important pre-requisites to successful sclerotherapy. Although various sclerosing agents are available, polidoconal and sodium tetradecyl sulfate are most commonly used. More recently, these sclerosants have been used in microfoam form for increased efficacy. The basic principle of a successful sclerotherapy technique is the use of an optimal volume and concentration of the sclerosant according to the size of the vessel. The sclerosant is injected carefully into the vessel and compression is applied. CONTRAINDICATIONS: Contraindications include superficial and deep venous thrombosis, sapheno-femoral junction incompetence, pregnancy, myocardial decompensation, migraine, hypercoagulable state, serious systemic illness, dependency edema, immobility, arterial disease, diabetes mellitus and allergic reactions to sclerosants. COMPLICATIONS: While sclerotherapy is usually a safe procedure, complications may occur due to inappropriate patient selection or improper injection techniques. The complications may be acute or delayed. Complications include hyperpigmentation, matting, local urticaria, cutaneous necrosis, microthrombi, accidental intra-arterial injection, phlebitis, deep vein thrombosis, thromboembolism, scintillating scotomas, nerve damage and allergic reactions. PHYSICIAN QUALIFICATION: Sclerotherapy may be administered by a surgeon or dermatologist who has acquired adequate training during post-graduation or through recognized fellowships and workshops dedicated to sclerotherapy. He should have an adequate knowledge of the anatomy of the venous system, be able to diagnose and manage venous disease and its associated consequences as well as possess the necessary skills to perform the procedures, understand the appropriate indications and limitations, technique modifications and management of the potential adverse sequelae associated with sclerotherapy and also understand the pharmacology of the sclerosing solutions. FACILITY: The procedure may be performed in the physician's procedure room.
Risk factors during first 1,000 days of life for carotid intima-media thickness in infants, children, and adolescents: A systematic review with meta-analyses.; BACKGROUND: The first 1,000 days of life, i.e., from conception to age 2 years, could be a critical period for cardiovascular health. Increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis. We performed a systematic review with meta-analyses to assess (1) the relationship between exposures or interventions in the first 1,000 days of life and CIMT in infants, children, and adolescents; and (2) the CIMT measurement methods. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Systematic searches of Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System Online (MEDLINE), Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were performed from inception to March 2019. Observational and interventional studies evaluating factors at the individual, familial, or environmental levels, for instance, size at birth, gestational age, breastfeeding, mode of conception, gestational diabetes, or smoking, were included. Quality was evaluated based on study methodological validity (adjusted Newcastle-Ottawa Scale if observational; Cochrane collaboration risk of bias tool if interventional) and CIMT measurement reliability. Estimates from bivariate or partial associations that were least adjusted for sex were used for pooling data across studies, when appropriate, using random-effects meta-analyses. The research protocol was published and registered on the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO; CRD42017075169). Of 6,221 reports screened, 50 full-text articles from 36 studies (34 observational, 2 interventional) totaling 7,977 participants (0 to 18 years at CIMT assessment) were retained. Children born small for gestational age had increased CIMT (16 studies, 2,570 participants, pooled standardized mean difference (SMD): 0.40 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.15 to 0.64, p: 0.001), I2: 83%). When restricted to studies of higher quality of CIMT measurement, this relationship was stronger (3 studies, 461 participants, pooled SMD: 0.64 (95% CI: 0.09 to 1.19, p: 0.024), I2: 86%). Only 1 study evaluating small size for gestational age was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Children conceived through assisted reproductive technologies (ART) (3 studies, 323 participants, pooled SMD: 0.78 (95% CI: -0.20 to 1.75, p: 0.120), I2: 94%) or exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy (3 studies, 909 participants, pooled SMD: 0.12 (95% CI: -0.06 to 0.30, p: 0.205), I2: 0%) had increased CIMT, but the imprecision around the estimates was high. None of the studies evaluating these 2 factors was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Two studies evaluating the effect of nutritional interventions starting at birth did not show an effect on CIMT. Only 12 (33%) studies were at higher quality across all domains of CIMT reliability. The degree of confidence in results is limited by the low number of high-quality studies, the relatively small sample sizes, and the high between-study heterogeneity. CONCLUSIONS: In our meta-analyses, we found several risk factors in the first 1,000 days of life that may be associated with increased CIMT during childhood. Small size for gestational age had the most consistent relationship with increased CIMT. The associations with conception through ART or with smoking during pregnancy were not statistically significant, with a high imprecision around the estimates. Due to the large uncertainty in effect sizes and the limited quality of CIMT measurements, further high-quality studies are needed to justify intervention for primordial prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD).
Elevated placental growth factor (PlGF) predicts cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in type 1 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Placental growth factor (PlGF) is up-regulated in early and advanced atherosclerotic lesions, acts as a primary inflammatory instigator of atherosclerotic plaque instability, and may be an independent biomarker of adverse outcome in patients with acute coronary syndromes. In diabetic nephropathy the relative cardiovascular mortality and morbidity is increased and therefore, this study investigated the prognostic value of PlGF in a large cohort of type 1 diabetic patients with and without diabetic nephropathy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a prospective, observational follow-up study 190 type 1 diabetic patients with overt diabetic nephropathy (116 men, age (mean (SD)) 41+/-10 years, duration of diabetes 28+/-8 years, glomerular filtration rate (GFR) 76+/-33 mL/min/1.73 m2) and a matched control group of 174 patients with normoalbuminuria (104 men, age 43+/-10 years, duration of diabetes 27+/-9) were followed for 10 years (range: 0-10.3). The primary endpoint was a composite endpoint of cardiovascular death, hospitalization for myocardial infarction or stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting or percutanous coronary intervention, ischaemic amputation or peripheral bypass-surgery. Plasma PlGF was determined by an enzyme linked immunosorbent assay at baseline. RESULTS: During 10 years of follow-up 74 patients (39%) with diabetic nephropathy reached the primary endpoint versus only 18 (10%) of normoalbuminuric patients, log rank test; p<0.001. During follow-up 16 (25%) patients in the lowest, 24 (39%) in the middle and 34 (52%) patients in the upper tertile reached the primary cardiovascular endpoint, p=0.007. Hazard ratios in the second and third tertile as compared with the first tertile were 1.76 (0.92-3.38) and 2.64 (1.41-4.91) (p=0.009). Cox regression analyses including PlGF concentration as a continuous variable revealed an unadjusted hazard ratio of the primary endpoint for each 1 ng/L increase in PlGF of 1.10 (1.03-1.16), p=0.002; covariate adjusted hazard ratio 1.07 (1.00-1.14), p=0.03. CONCLUSIONS: Increased PlGF is a new independent predictor of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in type 1 diabetic patients with diabetic nephropathy.
Maternal tetrahydrobiopterin deficiency: the course of two pregnancies and follow-up of two children in a mother with 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase deficiency.; No reports are available about the course of pregnancies in women with tetrahydrobiopterin (BH(4)) deficiencies or the effects of treatment with BH(4), L-dopa/carbidopa and 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-OHTrp) on fetal development. We present for the first time the case of a mother with late-diagnosed mild form of 6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase (PTPS) deficiency, the course of her two subsequent pregnancies and clinical evaluation with follow-up of two offspring. In both pregnancies neurotransmitter precursors, as well as BH(4) dosages were increased proportionally to the mother's weight gain. To prevent maternal phenylketonuria (MPKU) syndrome, special attention was paid to increasing BH(4) dosages. Both pregnancies were complicated by threatened premature labour, by the mother's nicotinism and additionally, in the first pregnancy, by gestational diabetes mellitus and vaginitis. The first child was born in the 31st week of pregnancy with the symptoms of moderate intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) and brain malformation in the form of right sided closed-lip schizencephaly with absence of septum pellucidum. Although the girl demonstrates mild left-sided hemiparesis, her psychological development at the age of 8 years is above average. The second child was born in the 37th week of pregnancy without brain anomalies and at the age of 5 years his psychomotor development is appropriate for the age. As the cause of brain malformations resulting in physical impairment in the first child is unknown, more data are essential to verify conclusions about the influence of the mother's BH(4) deficiency and the safety of her treatment for fetal development.
Sleep-disordered breathing and future cardiovascular disease risk.; Sleep-disordered breathing occurs in 0.6-15% of reproductive age women. This condition is associated with an increased lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular mortality, and all-cause mortality. A substantial body of evidence demonstrated increased perinatal morbidity among pregnancies affected by SDB including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. These same conditions are predictive of later cardiovascular disease. Treatment of SDB has been demonstrated to decrease future cardiovascular events and mortality. Screening at-risk individuals in the perinatal period can identify women with SDB, who can benefit from treatment. Continuous positive airway pressure and lifestyle interventions can decrease subsequent adverse cardiovascular health outcomes.
A Qualitative Study of Perceptions, Strengths, and Opportunities in Cardiometabolic Risk Management During Pregnancy and Postpartum in a Georgia Safety-Net Hospital, 2021.; INTRODUCTION: Despite the strong link between cardiometabolic pregnancy complications and future heart disease, there are documented gaps in engaging those who experience such conditions in recommended postpartum follow-up and preventive care. The goal of our study was to understand how people in a Medicaid-insured population perceive and manage risks during and after pregnancy related to an ongoing cardiometabolic disorder. METHODS: We conducted in-depth qualitative interviews with postpartum participants who had a cardiometabolic conditions during pregnancy (chronic or gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hypertension, or preeclampsia). We recruited postpartum participants from a single safety-net hospital system in Atlanta, Georgia, and conducted virtual interviews during January through May 2021. We conducted a content analysis guided by the Health Belief Model and present themes related to risk management. RESULTS: From the 28 interviews we conducted, we found that during pregnancy, advice and intervention by the clinical care team facilitated management behaviors for high-risk conditions. However, participants described limited understanding of how pregnancy complications might affect future outcomes, and few described engaging in postpartum management behaviors. CONCLUSION: Improving continuity and content of care during postpartum may improve uptake of preventive behaviors among postpartum patients at risk of heart disease.
Association between plasma dipeptidyl peptidase-4 levels and cognitive function in perinatal pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP4) is associated with cognitive dysfunction in patients with type 2 diabetes. AIM: To assess a possible relationship between serum DPP4 and cognitive function in perinatal pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The study subjects were divided into three groups: GDM group (n = 81), healthy pregnant (HP) group (n = 85), and control group (n = 51). The Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) was used to assess the cognitive status of each group. Venous blood samples were collected to measure blood lipids, glycated hemoglobin, and glucose levels. For each participant, a 3-mL blood sample was collected and centrifuged, and the serum was collected. Blood samples were stored at -80 ℃, and DPP4, interleukin-6 (IL-6), and 8-iso-prostaglandin F2α (8-iso-PGF2α), and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) were detected using ELISA. RESULTS: The MoCA scores in the GDM and HP groups were significantly different from those in the control group in terms of visuospatial/executive function and attention (P < 0.05); however, the scores were not significantly different between the GDM and HP groups (P > 0.05). In terms of language, the GDM group had significantly different scores from those in the other two groups (P < 0.05). In terms of memory, a significant difference was found between the HP and control groups (P < 0.05), as well as between the GDM and HP groups. The levels of DPP4, IL-6, and 8-iso-PGF2α in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the HP and control groups (P < 0.05); however, the differences between these levels in the HP and control groups were not significant (P > 0.05). The level of BDNF in the GDM group was significantly lower than that in the HP and control groups (P < 0.05), although the difference in this level between the HP and control groups was not significant (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Cognitive dysfunction in perinatal pregnant women with GDM mainly manifested as memory loss, which might be associated with elevated DPP4 levels.
Screening of mitochondrial mutations and insertion-deletion polymorphism in gestational diabetes mellitus in the Asian Indian population.; In this study we scrutinized the association between the A8344G/A3243G mutations and a 9-bp deletion polymorphism with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in an Asian Indian population. The A3243G mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) causes mitochondrial encephalopathy myopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes (MELAS), while the A8344G mutation in tRNA(Lys) causes myoclonus epilepsy with ragged red fibers (MERRF). We screened 140 pregnant women diagnosed with GDM and 140 non-GDM participants for these mutations by PCR-RFLP analysis. Both A3243G and A8344G were associated with GDM (A3243: OR-3.667, 95% CI = 1.001-13.43, p = 0.03; A8344G: OR-11.00, 95% CI = 0.6026-200.8, p = 0.04). Mitochondrial DNA mutations contribute to the development of GDM. Our results conclude that mitochondrial mutations are associated with the GDM women in our population. Thus it is important to screen other mitochondrial mutations in the GDM women.
Long-term follow-up of intrauterine growth restriction: cardiovascular disorders.; In the modern world, cardiovascular disorders are the leading cause of mortality in developed countries, which in most cases undergo a long subclinical phase that can last decades before the first clinical symptoms appear. Aside from the well-known risk factors related to lifestyle and genetics, there is growing evidence that in a proportion of cases, the predisposition to cardiovascular disease lies in prenatal life. Moreover, numerous historical cohort studies and animal models have shown a clear association between low birth weight and increased cardiovascular mortality in adulthood, including increased risk of hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia and coagulation disorders in children and adults. Besides premature birth, low birth weight in the majority of the cases is caused by intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), which affects up to 10% of all births. Several clinical and experimental studies showed that IUGR fetuses present signs of cardiac dysfunction in utero that persist postnatally and may condition higher cardiovascular risk later in life. The present review discusses the importance of the long-term cardiovascular follow-up of the patients who suffered early or late IUGR in utero, particularly with regard to the long-term epidemiological studies in adults, prospective studies in children and the possible mechanisms that trigger IUGR and cardiovascular programming. Considering the high prevalence of IUGR and the progressing availability of intervention strategies, it is of the highest clinical relevance to detect cardiovascular risks as early as possible, to introduce timely preventive interventions and to adapt the lifestyle, in order to improve the long-term cardiovascular health outcome of IUGR cases.
Birth weight correlates differently with cardiovascular risk factors in youth.; OBJECTIVE: Childhood obesity has become prevalent, resulting in a greater risk of hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia. However, the relationship between these comorbid conditions and birth weight remains uncertain. We conducted this study to evaluate the relationship between birth weight and cardiovascular risk factors in children and adolescents. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: In a nationwide survey conducted between 1992 and 2000, all schoolchildren 6 to 18 years old with glucosuria, proteinuria, or microscopic hematuria in repeated urine samples were included and received a physical examination and blood test. Those with gestational age <37 weeks were excluded. We enrolled 81,538 children (51,111 girls and 30,427 boys) and obtained their birth weights from the Taiwan Birth Registry. Obesity and hypertension were defined by age- and sex-specific cut-offs. Diabetes was diagnosed if the fasting glucose was >7 mM. RESULTS: The risk of obesity was higher for those with birth weights > or =4000 grams [odds ratio (OR), 1.65] and 3543 to 3999 grams (OR, 1.28) and lower for those with birth weights 2601 to 2999 grams (OR, 0.90), using 3000 to 3542 grams as the reference group. An increased risk of diabetes was associated with both higher and lower birth weights, indicating a U-shaped relationship (OR, <2600 grams, 1.607; 2601 to 2999 grams, 1.119; 3543 to 3999 grams, 1.112; > or =4000 grams, 1.661). In the 10- to 12-year-old age group, the risk of hypertension was higher in those with birth weights <2600 grams (OR, 1.20). DISCUSSION: Low birth weight was associated with childhood diabetes. High birth weight was correlated with childhood obesity and diabetes. Our data indicate different relationships between birth weight and the development of obesity, hypertension, and diabetes in childhood.
DETERMINING THE RISK OF THROMBOSIS AMONG THE PATIENTS WITH ESSENTIAL THROMBOCYTHEMIA.; The aim of the studywas to determine the risk of thrombosis among patients with Essential thrombocythemia based on the modern criteria of diagnosis and to reveal the treatment accordingmethods of research in Georgia. We analyzed clinical manifestations of 25 cases of Essential thrombocythemia diagnosed in 2013-2017 y. at the Institute of Hematology and Transfusiology. Among 25 patients, female was 20 (80%), male - 5 (20%). Age varies from 28 to 75 years. Patients had the following clinical manifestations: The severity of the lower limbs, numbness, pain (erythromelalgia) in 13 (52%) of cases, headache in 7 (28%), dizziness in 5 (20%), splenomegaly in 6 (24%), bleeding in 1 (4%), several discontinued pregnancy in the first trimester in 1 (4%), thrombotic complication had been diagnosed in 8 (32%) of patients. In 8 (32%) patients with thrombosis in medical history, myocardial infarction had 2 patient, ischemic stroke - 2 patient, deep vein thrombosis - 2 patient, thrombosis of spleen artery - 1 patient, door vein thrombosis -1 patients. Laboratory indicators for patients at the moment of diagnosis were as follows: Hemoglobin level was 120-160g/L, Erythrocytes-3,7-5,2x1012/L, Leukocytes-10,2-35,5x109/L, Platelets - 860,0-4300,05x109/L. Cytological study ofbone marrow revealed hyper cellular bone marrowwith neutrophilic profile. There are a large number of megakaryocites and their large clusters. In bone marrow biopsy bone and bone marrow structure is mainly stored. There is a hyperplasia of myeloid tissue, a sharp or moderate hyperplasia of megakaryocite. Sometimes weak fibrosis is expresseds (4 patients). JAK-2 genes can only be studied in 3 (12%) cases: in 2 (8%) cases, gene mutations were 48% and 52%, while the gene mutation with 1 (4%) patient was only 12%. Based on international multi-center studies by WHO experts group, the risk of thrombosis development was predictable (WHO-ET-IPSET-thrombosis). Based on our data, we have identified thrombotic risk groups as well as the criteria that contributed to the increased risk: these are more likely to have thrombotic complications in medical history, existence ofJAK-2gene mutation, lesser than age >60years, risk factors from the cardiovascular system (Diabetes mellitus,Hypertension, smoking). From the patients who were studied, 10 (40%) were in the high risk group of thrombosis, 3 (12%) in the average risk group and 12 (48%) in thelow risk group. The goal of treatment of Essential thrombocythemia is to stop the progression of the disease and cure the symptoms of the disease.The methods of treatment for improving the quality of life of patients are multi-component and are divided into the following groups: 1) Prophylaxis of thrombotic complications; 2) cytoreductionalchemothrapy; 3) targeted therapy- JAK-2kinase activity inhibitors; 4) treatment of complications.
The clinical approach to obesity in pregnancy.; Over one third of reproductive age women are obese, and this marked prevalence is impacting pregnancy. Obese women face many challenges from preconception to postpartum. They are at increased risk for both maternal and fetal complications including gestational diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, congenital anomalies, stillbirth, fetal macrosomia, cesarean delivery, venous thromboembolism, wound complications, breast-feeding difficulty, postpartum depression, postpartum weight retention, and neonatal death. This discussion is designed to help clinicians understand how obesity affects pregnancy, how to counsel patients regarding gestational weight gain, and how to implement management strategies during pregnancy to optimize health outcomes for these patients.
Detection of fetal growth restriction in patients with chronic hypertension: is it feasible?; OBJECTIVE: To determine the utility of sonographic estimated fetal weight (EFW) in diagnosing intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR, birth weight < 10% for gestational age) in patients with chronic hypertension. METHODS: All pregnant patients with hypertension delivered during a 5-year period at three centers were identified retrospectively. Patients with gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, diabetes mellitus, fetal anomalies and absence of a sonographic examination within 3 weeks of delivery were excluded. Likelihood ratio (LR) and guidelines established by the Evidence-Based Medicine Working Group were used to determine whether sonographic EFW is a reliable diagnostic test to detect IUGR. RESULTS: At the three centers, there were 264 patients with chronic hypertension (122, 77 and 65 at centers I, II and III, respectively). The incidence of IUGR ranged from 13% to 27% but was similar at the three locations (p = 0.064). The LR (with 95% confidence interval (CI)) of detecting IUGR was 4.4 (95% CI 2.5, 7.7), 2.3 (95% CI 1.4, 3.7) and 6.1 (95% CI 2.7, 13.7) at centers I, II and III, respectively. Based on the proportions of abnormal growth, we required 253 and 71 newborns with fetal growth restriction at centers I and II, respectively, to have narrow confidence intervals around the clinically important LR of 10. The extremely low incidence of IUGR at center III (13%) precluded the estimation of required sample size. CONCLUSION: Use of Evidence-Based Medicine Working Group guidelines indicates that sonographic EFW is slightly to moderately useful in detecting fetal growth restriction in patients with chronic hypertension.
Variations in Awareness of Association Between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Risk by Specialty.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-term birth (PTB) are associated with future maternal CVD risk. However, data on awareness of the association between APOs and long-term CVD risk among physicians in different specialties are lacking. This study assessed awareness of this association and whether this knowledge varies by specialty. METHODS: An anonymous web-based voluntary survey was sent to physicians in internal medicine (IM), family medicine (FM), obstetrics-gynecology (Ob-Gyn) and cardiology. The questions aimed to assess a physician's knowledge regarding identification of APOs and their association with future CVD risk and knowledge of CVD risk factor screening in women with APOs and future CVD risk. RESULTS: The survey was completed by 53 physicians, of whom 21% were in IM, 26% in FM, 23% in Ob-Gyn and 30% in cardiology. Based on the responses, cardiologists screened most frequently for APOs, with 56% always screening a female patient and 31% often screening. Only half of the IM and FM physicians acknowledged awareness of the association between APOs and CVD risk. Respondents in all specialties recognized PE and GDM as APOs linked to long-term maternal CVD risk, but failed to associate PTB as an APO. The majority of physicians in IM, FM and cardiology also lacked the knowledge of how often to appropriately screen for CVD risk factors associated with APOs. CONCLUSION: Awareness of the association between APO and future maternal CVD risk varies by specialty. A significant percentage of the physicians who responded to the survey did not routinely ask about APOs when assessing CVD risk and failed to identify PTB as a risk factor for APOs. Education on this topic and targeted efforts to improve screening for APOs are needed within all specialties to help reduce CVD morbidity and mortality.
Pre-eclampsia: is it a different disease in primiparous and multiparous women?; The aim of this study was to evaluate differences in clinical and laboratory parameters and differences in the complication rates between pre-eclamptic primiparous and pre-eclamptic multiparous women. A prospective case series of 112 primiparous and 186 multiparous women with pre-eclampsia was conducted at Princess Badea Teaching Hospital; a large tertiary public health service hospital in Irbid, North Jordan. A uniform medical and surgical management protocol was implemented. The main outcome measures included antenatal, intrapartum and puerperal, maternal and foetal complications. Multiple maternal and foetal demographic, clinical and laboratory parameters were studied. As expected, the primiparous were younger than the multiparous women. After adjusting for maternal age, regression analysis revealed no difference in the systolic or diastolic blood pressure in the two groups. It was also demonstrated that there was no statistically significant difference in the clinical presentation, haematological and biochemical parameters or ultimate maternal outcome between the two groups. After adjusting for babies' sex and gestational age, it was demonstrated that there was no statistically significant difference in the following: gestational age at delivery, foetal weight, stillbirth, admission rate to neonatal intensive care unit, neonatal death rate within the first four weeks after birth and incidence of intrauterine growth restriction between the two groups.
The complex spectrum of forensic issues arising from obesity.; The increasing numbers of obese and morbidly obese individuals in the community are having a direct effect on forensic facilities. In addition to having to install more robust equipment for handling large bodies, the quality of autopsy examinations may be reduced by the physical difficulties that arise in trying to position bodies correctly so that normal examinations can proceed. Accelerated putrefaction is often an added complication. Metabolic disturbances resulting from obesity increase susceptibility to a range of conditions that are associated with sudden and unexpected death, and surgery may have increased complications. The rates of a number of different malignancies, including lymphoma, leukemia, melanoma and multiple myeloma, and carcinomas of the esophagus, stomach, colon, gallbladder, thyroid, prostate, breast and endometrium, are increased. In addition, obese individuals have higher rates of diabetes mellitus, and sepsis. The unexpected collapse of an obese individual should raise the possibility of a wide range of conditions, many of which may be more difficult to demonstrate at autopsy than in an individual with a normal body mass index. Although sudden cardiac death due to cardiomegaly, pulmonary thromboembolism, or ischemic heart disease may be the most probable diagnosis in an unexpected collapse, the range of possible underlying conditions is extensive and often only determinable after full postmortem examination.
Breast-feeding vs formula-feeding for infants born small-for-gestational-age: divergent effects on fat mass and on circulating IGF-I and high-molecular-weight adiponectin in late infancy.; CONTEXT: Fetal growth restraint, if followed by rapid weight gain, confers risk for adult disease including diabetes. How breast-feeding may lower such risk is poorly understood. OBJECTIVE, STUDY PARTICIPANTS, INTERVENTION, OUTCOMES: In infants born small-for-gestational-age (SGA), we studied the effects of nutrition in early infancy (breast-feeding vs formula-feeding; BRF vs FOF) on weight partitioning and endocrine markers in late infancy. Body composition (by absorptiometry), fasting glycemia, insulin, IGF-I, and high-molecular-weight (HMW) adiponectin were assessed at 4 and 12 months in BRF controls born appropriate-for-GA (N = 31) and in SGA infants receiving BRF (N = 48) or FOF (N = 51), the latter being randomized to receive a standard formula (FOF1) or a protein-rich formula (FOF2). SETTING: The study was conducted in a University Hospital. RESULTS: SGA-BRF infants maintained a low fat mass and normal levels of IGF-I and HMW adiponectin. In contrast, SGA-FOF infants normalized their body composition by gaining more fat; this normalization was accompanied by a marked fall in HMW adiponectinemia and, in FOF2 infants, by elevated IGF-I levels. In late infancy, SGA-BRF infants were most sensitive to insulin, even more sensitive than appropriate-for-GA-BRF controls. CONCLUSIONS: Because the health perspectives are better for SGA-BRF than for SGA-FOF infants, the present results suggest that FOF for SGA infants should aim at maintaining normal IGF-I and HMW-adiponectin levels rather than at normalizing body composition. Nutriceutical research for SGA infants may thus have to be redirected.
Circulatory and renal consequences of pregnancy in diabetic NOD mice.; OBJECTIVES: Women with diabetes have elevated gestational risks for severe hemodynamic complications, including preeclampsia in mid- to late pregnancy. This study employed continuous, chronic radiotelemetry to compare the hemodynamic patterns in non-obese diabetic (NOD) mice who were overtly diabetic or normoglycemic throughout gestation. We hypothesized that overtly diabetic, pregnant NOD mice would develop gestational hypertension and provide understanding of mechanisms in progression of this pathology. STUDY DESIGN: Telemeter-implanted, age-matched NOD females with and without diabetes were assessed for six hemodynamic parameters (mean, systolic, diastolic, pulse pressures, heart rate and activity) prior to mating, over pregnancy and over a 72 h post-partum interval. Urinalysis, serum biochemistry and renal histopathology were also conducted. RESULTS: Pregnant, normoglycemic NOD mice had a hemodynamic profile similar to other inbred strains, despite insulitis. This pattern was characterized by an interval of pre-implantation stability, post implantation decline in arterial pressure to mid gestation, and then a rebound to pre-pregnancy baseline during later gestation. Overtly diabetic NOD mice had a blood pressure profile that was normal until mid-gestation then become mildly hypotensive (-7 mmHg, P < 0.05), severely bradycardic (-80 bpm, P < 0.01) and showed signs of acute kidney injury. Pups born to diabetic dams were viable but growth restricted, despite their mothers' failing health, which did not rebound post-partum (-10% pre-pregnancy pressure and HR, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy accelerates circulatory and renal pathologies in overtly diabetic NOD mice and is characterized by depressed arterial pressure from mid-gestation and birth of growth-restricted offspring.
Current status of diabetes mellitus care and management in the Philippines.; AIMS: In this paper, we discuss the existing data on the burden of diabetes in the Philippines and present the status of management, prevention, and control of diabetes in the country. METHODS: A review of literature was conducted to synthesize the status of diabetes mellitus in the Philippines. RESULTS: An estimated 4.3 million Filipinos were diagnosed with diabetes, while 2.8 million remained undiagnosed in 2021. Diabetic retinopathy is a top cause of preventable blindness in Region 3, Philippines. Diabetic nephropathy contributes to 38% of renal disease cases in the Philippines. The 2021 Philippine Guidelines on Periodic Health Examination (PhEX) advocate for the utilization of fasting blood sugar (FBS) as a screening measure for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) in healthy adults aged 40 years and older or in those with specified risk factors. The alternative option of hemoglobin A1c is (HbA1c) deemed appropriate but comes with a conditional recommendation due to its uneven accessibility across different regions of the country. Treatment guidelines align between the Philippines and the US. Initial medical nutrition therapy involves healthy habits, progressing to pharmacologic treatment if necessary. Financial constraints, seen in limited insurance coverage and high out-of-pocket costs, impede care, amplifying disease impact. The complex diabetes care, encompassing pharmacotherapy, nutrition, exercise, and monitoring, faced challenges during COVID-19 quarantines. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the paper outlines diabetes care principles-screening, diagnostics, and multidisciplinary care-alongside economic implications. Local and national initiatives are discussed to mitigate diabetes trends and reduce its burden in the Philippines.
Metabolic syndrome in pregnancy and risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: A prospective cohort of nulliparous women.; BACKGROUND: Obesity increases the risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE), which both associate with increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) associates with T2DM and CVD. The impact of maternal MetS on pregnancy outcomes, in nulliparous pregnant women, has not been investigated. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Low-risk, nulliparous women were recruited to the multi-centre, international prospective Screening for Pregnancy Endpoints (SCOPE) cohort between 11 November 2004 and 28 February 2011. Women were assessed for a range of demographic, lifestyle, and metabolic health variables at 15 ± 1 weeks' gestation. MetS was defined according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria for adults: waist circumference ≥80 cm, along with any 2 of the following: raised trigycerides (≥1.70 mmol/l [≥150 mg/dl]), reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (<1.29 mmol/l [<50 mg/dl]), raised blood pressure (BP) (i.e., systolic BP ≥130 mm Hg or diastolic BP ≥85 mm Hg), or raised plasma glucose (≥5.6 mmol/l). Log-binomial regression analyses were used to examine the risk for each pregnancy outcome (GDM, PE, large for gestational age [LGA], small for gestational age [SGA], and spontaneous preterm birth [sPTB]) with each of the 5 individual components for MetS and as a composite measure (i.e., MetS, as defined by the IDF). The relative risks, adjusted for maternal BMI, age, study centre, ethnicity, socioeconomic index, physical activity, smoking status, depression status, and fetal sex, are reported. A total of 5,530 women were included, and 12.3% (n = 684) had MetS. Women with MetS were at an increased risk for PE by a factor of 1.63 (95% CI 1.23 to 2.15) and for GDM by 3.71 (95% CI 2.42 to 5.67). In absolute terms, for PE, women with MetS had an adjusted excess risk of 2.52% (95% CI 1.51% to 4.11%) and, for GDM, had an adjusted excess risk of 8.66% (95% CI 5.38% to 13.94%). Diagnosis of MetS was not associated with increased risk for LGA, SGA, or sPTB. Increasing BMI in combination with MetS increased the estimated probability for GDM and decreased the probability of an uncomplicated pregnancy. Limitations of this study are that there are several different definitions for MetS in the adult population, and as there are none for pregnancy, we cannot be sure that the IDF criteria are the most appropriate definition for pregnancy. Furthermore, MetS was assessed in the first trimester and may not reflect pre-pregnancy metabolic health status. CONCLUSIONS: We did not compare the impact of individual metabolic components with that of MetS as a composite, and therefore cannot conclude that MetS is better at identifying women at risk. However, more than half of the women who had MetS in early pregnancy developed a pregnancy complication compared with just over a third of women who did not have MetS. Furthermore, while increasing BMI increases the probability of GDM, the addition of MetS exacerbates this probability. Further studies are required to determine if individual MetS components act synergistically or independently.
Association of Comorbid and Metabolic Factors with Optimal Control of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a poorly controlled epidemic worldwide that demands active research into mitigation of the factors that are associated with poor control. AIMS: The study was to determine the factors associated with suboptimal glycemic control. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Electronic medical records of 263 adult patients with T2DM in our suburban internal medicine office were reviewed. Patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 [optimal diabetes control with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of 7% or less] and Group 2 (suboptimal diabetes control with HbA1c greater than 7%). The influence of factors such as age, gender, race, social history, comorbid conditions, gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, diabetes management, statin use, aspirin use, angiotensin convertase enzyme inhibitor (ACE-I) or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) use, body mass index (BMI), blood pressures, lipid profile, and urine microalbumin level were analyzed in the two groups. RESULTS: In the suboptimal diabetes control group (N = 119), the majority (86.6%) of the patients were 41-80 years old. Factors associated with the suboptimal control were male gender [odds ratio (OR) 2.6, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.579-4.321], Asian ethnicity (OR 1.4, 95% CI, 0.683-3.008), history of peripheral arterial disease (PAD; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), history of congestive heart failure (CHF; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), elevated triglycerides (OR 1.004, 95% CI, 1.000-1.007), and elevated urine microalbumin level of 30 mg/24 h or above (OR 4.5, 95% CI, 2.446-8.380). Patients with suboptimal diabetes control had a 3.8 times greater odds (95% CI, 1.493-6.885) of receiving the insulin and oral hypoglycemic agent together. CONCLUSIONS: In adult patients with T2DM, male gender, Asian ethnicity, CHF, PAD, management with insulin along with oral hypoglycemic agents, hypertriglyceridemia, and microalbuminuria were associated with suboptimal control.
European Society of Contraception oral contraceptives survey update: birth control methods in "Europe of the 12".; The European Society of Contraception developed a survey to examine birth control methods in the 12 countries++ of the European Community. Responses to those questions relating to prescribing++ practices of oral contraceptives (OCs) are presented herein. The survey was sent to 400 physicians. One hundred two responded, most from France, Belgium, and the United Kingdom. The responses revealed that the most popular OCs are modern combined formulations containing low doses of ethinyl estradiol and progestogens such as norgestimate, desogestrel, gestodene, and levonorgestrel. More than half of physicians prescribe a particular formulation because of its tolerability and 20% because of its hormonal content. More than 90% prescribe OCs to healthy, nonsmoking women over 40. However, three fourths will not prescribe OCs to smokers over 35. Half of physicians recommend mammography for their older OC patients. Half also recommend cholesterol screening, but 8% only for women over 30. Most physicians are no longer reluctant to prescribe OCs to their diabetic patients: 61% prescribe OCs for women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes, 56% for those with insulin-dependent diabetes, and 85% for those with a history of gestational diabetes. Despite recent studies showing no relation between past OC use and cardiovascular disease, 42% of physicians said that their greatest OC-related health concern is cardiovascular disease. One third cited noncompliance as their greatest concern. These results reveal inhomogeneous prescribing practices for OCs among European physicians. ¿Over-screening¿--not prescribing the pill because of perceived (but not necessarily real) health risks--may be depriving many women of the contraceptive and noncontraceptive benefits of OCs. Complete and accurate information--as promoted by the European Society of Contraception--is one way to combat such overscreening.
Reduced uterine perfusion pressure causes loss of pancreatic β-cell area but normal function in fetal rat offspring.; Maternal hypertension during pregnancy is a major risk factor for intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), which increases susceptibility to cardiovascular and metabolic disease in adulthood through unclear mechanisms. The aim of this study was to characterize the pancreatic β-cell area and function in the fetal rat offspring of a reduced uterine perfusion pressure (RUPP) model of gestational hypertension. At embryonic day 19.5, RUPP dams exhibited lower body weight, elevated mean blood pressure, reduced litter size, and higher blood glucose compared with sham-operated controls. In RUPP placental lysates, a nonsignificant change in mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) activity markers, phosphorylated S6 at serine 240, and phosphorylated AKT (at S473) was observed. RUPP offspring showed significantly reduced β-cell-to-pancreas area and increased β-cell death but normal insulin levels in serum. Isolated islets had normal insulin content and secretory function in response to glucose and palmitate. Fetal pancreatic lysates showed a tendency for reduced insulin levels, with a significant reduction in total mTOR protein with RUPP surgery. In addition, its downstream complex 2 targets phosphorylation of AKT at S473, and pAKT at Thr(308) tended to be reduced in the fetal RUPP pancreas. Altogether, these data show that RUPP offspring demonstrated increased β-cell death, reduced β-cell area, and altered nutrient-sensor mTOR protein level in the pancreas. This could represent a mechanistic foundation in IUGR offspring's risk for enhanced susceptibility to type 2 diabetes and other metabolic vulnerabilities seen in adulthood.
Incidence of Fetal Myocardial Hypertrophy in Mother with Diabetes Mellitus by Using Cardio-Spatiotemporal Image Correlation (STIC) M-Mode.; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to demonstrate the prevalence of fetal myocardial hypertrophy (FMH) in diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnant women using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) M-mode. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This prospective descriptive study was conducted at Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital (BAH) Royal Thai Air Force between April and December 2022. Participants were singleton DM pregnant women with gestational age (GA) between 18 and 40 weeks who had antenatal care and delivery at BAH. DM screening was randomized blood sugar obtained from all participants. All participants underwent fetal heart exams by four-dimension ultrasound with STIC M-mode. RESULTS: One hundred and forty-five participants were recruited and classified as pregestational (PDM) and gestational DM (GDM) at 31 and 114 cases, respectively. The mean age of participants was 31.7 years old. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) of PDM was significantly higher than GDM (105.1 vs 87.0 mg%). GDMA2 had more elevated FBS than GDMA1 (p < 0.001). PDM had significantly greater FBS and two-hour postprandial blood sugar (2hr-PP) than GDM (105.1/87.0 and 151.5/117.9 mg%, respectively). FBS and 2hr-PP of GDMA2 were more than GDMA1 with statistical significance. Good glycemic control of GDM was significantly better than PDM. GDMA1 had better glycemic control than GDMA2 with statistical significance. Four-fifth (115/145) of participants had FMH. FMH and estimated fetal weight among PDM and GDM were comparable. Both good and poor glycemic control had similar FMH. Neonatal outcomes of FMH or non-FMH infants were similar. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of FMH in diabetic pregnant women was 79.3%. Glycemic control had no correlation to FMH.
Analysis of Evolution and Ethnic Diversity at Glucose-Associated SNPs of Circadian Clock-Related Loci with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and Melatonin receptor 1B.; Diabetes shows high heritability and, worldwide, causes significant health problems including cardiovascular disease and stroke. There is significant variation in the frequency of diabetes between different populations. Both Cryptochromes and Melatonin have a major role to regulate the circadian clock. Circadian clock failure causes metabolic dysfunctions including diabetes and obesity. Variations in the Cryptochrome 1, the Cryptochrome 2, and the Melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B) genes show associations with fasting glucose, and are also related to circadian clock. Here, we analyzed evidence for genetic selection and ethnic diversity at circadian clock- and glucose-related gene loci associated with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We carried out a 3-step genetic method to investigate genetic selection at the Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B on four populations from the 1000 Genomes Project and HapMap. First we used F-statistics to quantify genetic population differences and find ethnic diversity. Then we applied a long-range haplotype test to detect significant extreme long haplotypes, and then the integrated haplotype score (iHS) to find genetic selection at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We observed genetic population differences and ethnic diversity at one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 1 single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (rs8192440), one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 2 SNP (rs11605924), and one glucose-associated MTNR1B SNP (rs10830963) by F-statistics. Both Cryptochrome 1 and MTNR1B also showed selection by the iHS. These observations show new evidence for evolution at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2 and MTNR1B. Further investigation should continue to examine the evolution of circadian clock- and glucose-related genes.
Diagnostic performance of aPS/PT antibodies in neuropsychiatric lupus and cardiovascular complications of systemic lupus erythematosus.; Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is associated with a constellation of complications affecting multiple organs, including neuropsychiatric manifestations (NPSLE) and ischaemic events, leading to increased long-term morbidity. Antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) are a major determinant of vascular inflammation and thromboembolic risk. The diagnostic role of anti-phosphatidylserine/prothrombin (aPS/PT) antibodies in this setting is incompletely defined.Aim: To verify whether aPS/PT add to diagnostics and disease stratification in patients with SLE with or without other aPL.Methods: 131 consecutive patients were studied, including 20 patients with SLE and secondary antiphospholipid syndrome (APS). aPS/PT IgG and IgM were assessed through ELISA and patients were stratified based on the presence of other aPL, on their clinical and laboratory features at time of blood sampling and on their clinical history. Synthetic indices of disease activity, chronic damage and cardiovascular risk were calculated at time of venipuncture.Results: Fifty-one (38.9%) patients with SLE had aPS/PT and 15 (11.5%) patients had aPS/PT as the only aPL (aPS/PT-only). aPS/PT-only patients had a significantly higher prevalence of NPSLE than quadruple aPL-negative patients (p = .007). Patients with aPS/PT were more likely to have a history of ischaemia, thrombocytopenia and Libman-Sacks' endocarditis. The presence of aPS/PT also associated with previous accrual of at least one damage item (p = .043), but had limited predictive values for damage progression in the short term.Conclusion: aPS/PT antibodies provide non-redundant information that could contribute to risk assessment and stratification of patients with SLE.
[Does the rennin inhibitor aliskiren offer promising novel opportunities in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases?].; The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) plays an important part in the pathogenesis of arterial hypertension and the complications it causes in organs (the heart, the circulatory system, the brain, the kidneys), heart failure and kidney diseases. Materials that block the most upstream point of the RAAS cascade (ACE inhibitors - ACEI, AT1,-receptor (AT1R) blockers, aldosterone receptor blockers) have greatly expanded our options in the treatment and primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular and renal diseases. ACEI and AT1R blockers interrupt the normal feedback provided by the release of renin into the circulatory system from the kidneys. After they are applied the reactive increase in active circulating renin leads to increased creation of angiotensin I and angiotensin II and the subsequent return of aldosterone secretions to pre-treatment values ("escape" phenomenon). The possible negative effect of these intermediary products of an incomplete blockade of RAAS on organ complications lead to an effort to develop a material that could block the renin-angiotensin cascade at its first stage--i.e. a renin blocker. The first efforts with renin antibodies or peptide analogues of renin prosegments failed to satisify the basic requirements for long-term medication--effectiveness when used orally. In recent years the first non-peptidic, oral renin ihibitor providing sustained effects has been developed, aliskiren fumarate. Aliskiren reduces BP depending on the dose (50-300 mg/day) in monotherapy or in combination with hydrochlorothiazide. Aliskiren lowers plasma renin activity (PRA) and neutralises the activation of the RAAS triggered by hydrochlorothiazide. Ambulatory BP monitoring has shown that taking the medicine once a day has a 24-hour effect and its continued residence in the kidneys suggests renoprotective effects. The compound is in the third stage of clinical tests as a monotherapy or in combination for the treatment of hypertension. It has also been shown to have an influence on the regression of cardiac hypertrophy (Aliskiren in Left-Ventricular Hypertrophy trial - ALLAY), the treatment of heart failure (Aliskiren Observation of Heart Failure Treatment trial - ALOFT) and diabetic (Aliskiren in the Evaluation of Proteinuria in Diabetes trial - AVOID). In April 206, the FDA permitted the use of aliskiren in the USA for the treatment of high BP and it is currently undergoing testing in Europe. The renin inhibitor has minimal undesirable side effects, like AT1-receptor blockers. The slightly lower effectiveness ofaliskiren than AT1-receptor blockers in reducing BP is caused by the fact that it does not block bradykinins. It is recommended as a monotherapy for clinical use or in combination with other antihypertensive medicines for conditions with high levels of PRA including its rise after diuretics, ACEI and AT1-receptor blockers. Aliskiren could therefore be used primarily with young patients, Caucasians, persons with ACEI intolerance, and also in diseases where angiotensin II is involved in the pathogenesis and the secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. It is also safe for persons with concurrent renal problems, because it is mainly removed by the liver without great interference with other materials. Like ACEI, the renin inhibitor has a vasodilatory effect which could potentially improve the elasticity of arteries. The medicine has the same limitations and contraindications as ACEI and AT1R blockers, such as pregnancy and bilateral renal artery stenosis. A definitive assessment of the benefit of this new class of medicines and its broad application in the treatment of cardiovascular and other diseases will require demonstration of its long-term effect on morbidity and mortality, as well as comparison with other RAAS blockers in long clinical studies, which represent research programmes lasting another 7 to 8 years.
Is early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist protocol an alternative for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing in vitro fertilization?; BACKGROUND: We aimed to compare the clinical and perinatal outcomes of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) treatment with either an early-follicular long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRH-a) long protocol (EFLL) or a midluteal short-acting GnRH-a long protocol (MLSL). METHODS: This single-center, retrospective study, included patients with PCOS who underwent IVF/ICSI from January 2013 to June 2019 at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou, China. Patients underwent either MLSL (1179 cycles) or EFLL (2390 cycles). The primary outcomes were pregnancy outcomes, perinatal and maternal complications. RESULTS: Fresh embryo transfer (59.12% vs. 55.47%, P = 0.038), clinical pregnancy (75.23% vs. 53.82%, P = 0.001), and live birth rates (63.27% vs. 42.05%, P = 0.010) were higher in the EFLL group. However, the proportion of patients "freezing all" for high risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) (24.27% vs. 32.06%, P = 0.001) and ectopic pregnancy (1.51% vs. 5.97%, P = 0.002) were lower in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group. The incidence of gestational diabetes was higher in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group (5.08% vs. 1.42%, RR 3.714, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.474-9.360, P = 0.003). There were no significant differences in the incidence of hypertension, premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, congenital heart disease, or neonatal weight between the two groups. Logistic regression results showed that age (OR 0.966, 95% CI 0.941-0.993, P = 0.013), treatments (OR 2.380, 95% CI 1.833-3.089, P = 0.001), and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 1.115, 95% CI 1.070-1.162, P = 0.001) were correlated with clinical pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy BMI (OR 1.098, 95% CI 1.002-1.204, P = 0.046), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (OR 3.096, 95% CI 1.900-5.046, P = 0.001), and treatments (OR 3.458, 95% CI 1.359-8.800, P = 0.009) were correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Treatments (OR 0.291, 95% CI 0.148-0.575, P = 0.001) and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 0.834, 95% CI 0.722-0.962, P = 0.013) were correlated with ectopic pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist long protocol can be used as an ideal assisted reproductive technology (ART) pregnancy assistance program for patients with PCOS, but obese patients should be encouraged to lose weight before ART treatments to reduce the risk of GDM.
Cardiovascular health promotion for children: a model for a Parish (County)-wide program (implementation and preliminary results).; Cardiovascular (CV) risk factors in childhood result in a lifetime burden on the CV system. The Bogalusa Heart Study, a prevention program for children, addresses behaviors and lifestyles associated with CV risk. This prevention program utilizes the substructure of a Parish (County) that can be a model for other areas. All aspects in educating school children-the classroom, physical activity, cafeteria, teachers, and parents with community involvement-are included. The program requires cooperation of parents, schools, physicians, and political and business personnel. Their collaboration helps implement and sustain the program. Understanding the origin of coronary artery disease, hypertension, diabetes, and now the obesity epidemic shows the need to develop a framework for improving lifestyles and behaviors beginning in childhood. In addition to nutrition and exercise, the program addresses tobacco, alcohol, and drug use, and societal problems such as dropping out of school, violent behavior, and teenage pregnancy. An initial accomplishment is the entry into all elementary schools, representing approximately 7000 children. Early results show reduction in obesity, increased physical activity, improved decision making, and healthy attitudes. This public health model is inexpensive by utilizing prior research findings and integrating into community resources. Health education of children is an important aspect of preventive cardiology with a need for pediatric and adult cardiologists' involvement.
Maternal Salivary miR-423-5p Is Linked to Neonatal Outcomes and Periodontal Status in Cardiovascular-High-Risk Pregnancies.; Periodontal disease (PD) during pregnancy may trigger systemic inflammation, increasing the risk of developing cardiometabolic disease (CMD). As a consequence, PD may result in the activation of cellular and molecular pathways, affecting the disease course and pregnancy outcome. Although microRNAs (miRNAs) are considered ideal biomarkers for many diseases, few studies have investigated salivary miRNAs and their role in pregnancy or neonatal outcomes. In this study, we sought to investigate the associations between salivary miRNAs of pregnant women with oral diseases and their effects on neonatal outcomes. Eleven (n = 11) salivary miRNAs from a cohort of pregnant women with oral diseases (n = 32; oral health, H; gingivitis, G; and periodontitis, P) were detected using a previous profiling analysis with an FDR < 0.20 and a fold change (FC) < 0.5 or FC > 2 for the most highly expressed miRNAs. Spearman correlations were performed for 11 salivary microRNAs associated with oral-derived inflammation, which could affect neonatal outcomes during pregnancies at risk for cardiometabolic disease (CMD), defined by the presence of a high pregestational BMI. In addition, ROC curves demonstrated the diagnostic accuracy of the markers used. Upregulation of miR-423-5p expression and a decrease in miR-27b-3p expression were detected in the P-group (p < 0.05), and ROC analysis revealed the diagnostic accuracy of miR-423-5p for discriminating oral diseases, such as gingivitis versus periodontitis (P vs. G, AUC = 0.78, p < 0.05), and for discriminating it from the healthy oral cavity (P vs. H, AUC = 0.9, p < 0.01). In addition, miR-27b-3p and miR-622 were also able to discriminate the healthy group from the P-group (AUC = 0.8, p < 0.05; AUC = 0.8, p < 0.05). miR-483-5p was able to discriminate between the G-group (AUC = 0.9, p < 0.01) and the P-group (AUC = 0.8, p < 0.05). These data support the role of salivary miRNAs as early biomarkers for neonatal outcomes in pregnant women with periodontal disease at high risk for CMD and suggest that there is cross-talk between salivary miRNAs and subclinical systemic inflammation.
The Role of TGF-β during Pregnancy and Pregnancy Complications.; Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-β), a multifunctional cytokine, is one of the most important inflammatory cytokines closely related to pregnancy. It plays significant roles in hormone secretion, placental development, and embryonic growth during pregnancy. TGF-β is implicated in embryo implantation and inhibits the invasion of extraepithelial trophoblast cells. It also moderates the mother-fetus interaction by adjusting the secretion pattern of immunomodulatory factors in the placenta, consequently influencing the mother's immune cells. The TGF-β family regulates the development of the nervous, respiratory, and cardiovascular systems by regulating gene expression. Furthermore, TGF-β has been associated with various pregnancy complications. An increase in TGF-β levels can induce the occurrences of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, while a decrease can lead to recurrent miscarriage due to the interference of the immune tolerance environment. This review focuses on the role of TGF-β in embryo implantation and development, providing new insights for the clinical prevention and treatment of pregnancy complications.
Fertility and pregnancy in thalassemia major.; Over the last 15 years, 22 women with thalassemia major have completed 29 pregnancies at the Royal Hospital in London. The major pre-pregnancy issues, medications, and pregnancy care are reviewed. Experience suggests that, with proper care and guidance, pregnancies among women with thalassemia major are practical and can have successful outcomes.
The prevalence of documented cardiovascular-related pregnancy complications: cross-sectional study in an academic primary care centre.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy and the postpartum period offer a unique opportunity to identify patients with risk factors leading to premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), which often go unrecognised. AIM: This study investigates self-reported prevalence of CVD-related pregnancy complications and its documentation in electronic medical records (EMRs) in an academic family health team (AFHT). DESIGN & SETTING: A retrospective cross-sectional survey conducted from 2016 to 2017 in an AFHT. METHOD: The survey assessed self-reported pregnancy complications and obstetric histories of adult females. EMRs of responders who provided consent were appraised for documented pregnancy complications, and management of traditional cardiovascular risk factors post-pregnancy. RESULTS: Out of 211 responders, 28% (n = 60) had at least one pregnancy complication reported in the survey and/or in the EMR, of which 67% (n = 40) had the complication documented in their EMR. The most prevalent complications were preterm birth (PTB; 12%, n = 25), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; 10%, n = 22), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; 7%, n = 14). Twenty-nine per cent (n = 4) of the patients with GDM had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test result documented post-pregnancy. Of those with HDP, 36% (n = 8) had body mass index and 50% (n = 11) had a blood pressure measurement recorded after delivery. CONCLUSION: There has been a significant lack of documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors and subsequent management, introducing a missed opportunity for early cardiovascular intervention. Adequate documentation of pregnancy complications in the EMR and better transitions in care between obstetric and primary care teams could potentially enable clinicians to intervene early and better manage females at increased risk of CVD.
Prospective evaluation of associations between prenatal cortisol and adulthood coronary heart disease risk: the New England family study.; OBJECTIVE: Increasing evidence suggests that early life factors may influence coronary heart disease (CHD) risk; however, little is known about the contributions of prenatal cortisol. Objectives were to prospectively assess the associations of maternal cortisol levels during pregnancy with offspring's 10-year CHD risk during middle age. METHODS: Participants were 262 mother-offspring dyads from the New England Family Study. Maternal free cortisol was assessed in third-trimester maternal serum samples. Ten-year CHD risk was calculated in offspring at a mean age of 42 years, using the validated Framingham risk algorithm incorporating diabetes, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, smoking, age, and sex. RESULTS: In multivariable-adjusted linear regression analyses adjusted for age and race/ethnicity, high versus low maternal cortisol tertile was associated with 36.7% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 8.4% to 72.5%) greater mean 10-year CHD risk score in women. There was no association in men (-2.8%, 95% CI = -23.8% to 24.0%). Further adjustment for in utero socioeconomic position showed 26.1% (95% CI = -0.5% to 59.9%) greater CHD risk in women. Adjustment for maternal age and size for gestational age had little effect on findings. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal prenatal cortisol levels were positively associated with 10-year CHD risk among female, and not male, offspring. Adjusting for socioeconomic position during pregnancy reduced effect size in women, suggesting that it may be a common prior factor in both maternal cortisol and CHD risk. These findings provide evidence that targeting mothers who have elevated prenatal cortisol levels, including elevated cortisol in the setting of low socioeconomic position, may potentially reduce long-term CHD risk in their offspring.
Predictors and risk factors of short-term and long-term outcomes among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their offspring: Moving toward precision prognosis?; As part of the American Diabetes Association Precision Medicine in Diabetes Initiative (PMDI) - a partnership with the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) - this systematic review is part of a comprehensive evidence evaluation in support of the 2 (nd) International Consensus Report on Precision Diabetes Medicine. Here, we sought to synthesize evidence from empirical research papers published through September 1 (st) , 2021 to evaluate and identify prognostic conditions, risk factors, and biomarkers among women and children affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), focusing on clinical endpoints of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) among women with a history of GDM; and adiposity and cardiometabolic profile among offspring exposed to GDM in utero. We identified a total of 107 observational studies and 12 randomized controlled trials testing the effect of pharmaceutical and/or lifestyle interventions. Broadly, current literature indicates that greater GDM severity, higher maternal body mass index, belonging to racial/ethnic minority group; and unhealthy lifestyle behaviors would predict a woman's risk of incident T2D and CVD, and an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile among offspring. However, the level of evidence is low (Level 4 according to the Diabetes Canada 2018 Clinical Practice Guidelines for diabetes prognosis) largely because most studies leveraged retrospective data from large registries that are vulnerable to residual confounding and reverse causation bias; and prospective cohort studies that may suffer selection and attrition bias. Moreover, for the offspring outcomes, we identified a relatively small body of literature on prognostic factors indicative of future adiposity and cardiometabolic risk. Future high-quality prospective cohort studies in diverse populations with granular data collection on prognostic factors, clinical and subclinical outcomes, high fidelity of follow-up, and appropriate analytical approaches to deal with structural biases are warranted.
Neonatal Iron: Factors Influencing its Level and Associated Complications - a Review Article.; BACKGROUND: Iron is an essential micronutrient which plays a significant role, particularly vital for early brain growth and function. Maternal iron condition influences the iron status of neonates since iron transferred from the mother is the only source for fetal iron. A depletion in iron as a result of rapid growth leads to iron deficiency which is common in neonates. Although there are inconsistencies with regard to the normal reference ranges for neonatal iron level, the current review summarized literature to provide compressive information about neonatal iron status and factors that influence its level. METHODS: This is a narrative review on the basis of relevant literatures mainly on neonatal iron from peer-reviewed journals. Electronic databases such as PubMed, PMC, Scopus, Science Direct, Google scholar, Google, and Yahoo were used to retrieve relevant literatures using key terms like "newborn iron, neonatal iron, iron overload, maternal factors, complication, iron level and neonates" separately and in combination. RESULTS: Several factors had been postulated as factors associated with neonatal iron status. The current review figured out that maternal obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, placental transferrin receptor, inappropriate iron supplementation, use of iron fortified formula, uses of recombinant erythropoietin therapy, smoking, maternal iron deficiency anemia, umbilical cord clamping, and transfusion are the major factors which can influence neonatal iron level. These factors may have either positive or negative effects on neonatal iron level. Both iron deficiency and iron overload at some stage in the fetal development or at early stage of neonatal development cause abnormal functions of multiple organ system of neonates and subsequently contributed to neonatal and childhood morbidity and mortality. CONCLUSIONS: By one and other means insufficient, late and extra maternal iron supplementation, early and delayed umbilical cord clamping have negative effects on the iron level of neonates. Therefore, careful prenatal and antenatal follow-up need to be strengthened with due emphasis for maternal iron assessment.
Hypertensive complications of pregnancy: A clinical overview.; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are a worldwide health problem for women and their infants complicating up to 10% of pregnancies and associated with increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. In Europe, 2.3-3% of pregnancies are complicated by preeclampsia. Gestational diabetes, obesity, no previous or multiple births, maternal age less than 20 or greater than 35years old and thrombophilia can be some of the possible factors related to increased risk for hypertension in pregnancy. Complications of hypertension during pregnancy affect both mothers and their infants. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring helps to distinguish true hypertension from the white coat as pregnant women with office abnormal values may have normal out of office blood pressure. Imbalance between proangiogenic and antiangiogenic factors in placenta may lead to endothelial dysfunction, vasoconstriction, activation of the coagulation system, and hemolysis. Carotid intima-media thickness, pulse wave velocity, augmentation index, and arterial wall tension were found to be significantly increased in women with preeclampsia compared to normotensive pregnant women. Uterine artery Doppler and serum biomarkers can be used to evaluate the probability of hypertension and complications during pregnancy, but further research in the field is needed. Lately, micro ribonucleic acids have also been the focus of research as potential biomarkers.
Factors influencing necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a multifactorial gastrointestinal disease with high morbidity and mortality among premature infants. However, studies with large samples on the factors of NEC in China have not been reported. This meta-analysis aims to systematically review the literature to explore the influencing factors of necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China and provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), China Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), Wanfang and VIP databases were systematically searched from inception to February 2023. We used Stata14.0 software to perform the systematic review and meta-analysis. We used fixed or random effects models with combined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and quality was evaluated using the Newcastle‒Ottawa Scale (NOS). RESULTS: The total sample was 8616 cases, including 2456 cases in the intervention group and 6160 cases in the control group. It was found that 16 risk factors and 3 protective factors were related to necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants. Septicemia (OR = 3.91), blood transfusion (OR = 2.41), neonatal asphyxia (OR = 2.46), pneumonia (OR = 6.17), infection (OR = 5.99), congenital heart disease (OR = 4.80), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (OR = 2.71), mechanical ventilation (OR = 1.44), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 3.08), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (OR = 3.28), hypoalbuminemia (OR = 2.80), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) (OR = 3.10), respiratory failure (OR = 7.51), severe anemia (OR = 2.86), history of antibiotic use (OR = 2.12), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) (OR = 3.14) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants in China. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.31), oral probiotics (OR = 0.36), and prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.38) were protective factors for NEC in preterm infants. CONCLUSIONS: Septicemia, blood transfusion, neonatal asphyxia, pneumonia, infection, congenital heart disease, ICP, GDM, RDS, hypoproteinemia, PDA, respiratory failure, severe anemia, history of antibiotic use and MSAF will increase the risk of NEC in premature infants, whereas breastfeeding, oral probiotics and prenatal use of glucocorticoids reduce the risk. Due to the quantity and quality of the included literature, the above findings need to be further validated by more high-quality studies.
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses.; Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45-1.95; P = 9.13 × 10(-12)], overweight (OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.21-1.85; P = 2.06 × 10(-4)), obesity (OR = 1.25; 95% CI: 1.18-1.33; P = 8.01 × 10(-13)), obesity class 1 (OR = 1.31; 95% CI: 1.17-1.46; P = 1.49 × 10(-6)), obesity class 2 (OR = 1.26; 95% CI: 1.16-1.37; P = 5.23 × 10(-8)), childhood obesity (OR = 1.33; 95% CI: 1.23-1.44; P = 4.06 × 10(-12)), and WHR (OR = 2.35; 95% CI: 1.44-3.83; P = 5.89 × 10(-4)) were associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes. No significant association was observed with obesity class 3, WC, HC, percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, or abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Similar results were observed in sensitivity analyses. Therefore, genetically predicted pre-pregnancy obesity traits may increase the risk of gestational diabetes. Weight control before pregnancy may be beneficial to prevent gestational diabetes.
Fetal and neonatal programming: evidence and clinical implications.; Fetal and neonatal programming is the phenomenon describing deviations from normal developmental patterns. These deviations can increase risks for diseases later in life and are an example of phenotypic plasticity seen throughout nature. For instance, infants born with low birth weight, as a marker of an unfavorable intrauterine environment, are programmed differently and may have an increased risk for multiple diseases in adulthood. These risks include coronary heart disease, increased insulin resistance, hypertension, and imbalances in the immune system. This article discusses mechanisms responsible for fetal and neonatal programming. We also introduce possible changes to current clinical management and practices that reflect the current findings of fetal and neonatal programming.
Clinical significance of first-trimester intrauterine haematomas detected in pregnancies achieved by IVF-embryo transfer.; In this study, the clinical significance of first-trimester intrauterine haematomas (IUH) detected in pregnancies achieved by IVF-embryo transfer (IVF-ET) was evaluated. A retrospective case-control study was designed to compare obstetric and perinatal outcomes of 350 pregnancies with IUH and 350 matched controls without IUH. The incidence of first-trimester IUH detected in the IVF-ET pregnancies was 13.5%. In women who delivered after 28 weeks' gestation, the incidence of gestational hypertension (OR 2.6; 95% CI 1.5 to 4.6), preeclampsia (OR 2.8; 95% CI 1.5 to 5.0) and postpartum haemorrhage (OR 3.1; 95% CI 1.8 to 5.3) was significantly higher in the IUH group. Compared with controls, placenta previa (OR, 8.7 95%; CI 3.4 to 22.2) and oligohydramninos (OR 5.8; 95% CI 2.4 to 14.0) were more common in the IUH group. The incidence of preterm delivery (<37 weeks' gestation) was significantly higher in the IUH group (OR 2.1; 95% CI 1.4 to 3.0), although the incidence of preterm delivery before 34 weeks' gestation was not. No differences were observed in the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus, premature rupture of membranes and low birth weight. The presence of first-trimester IUH in IVF-ET pregnancies was associated with a higher risk of several pregnancy complications.
The risk for coronary heart disease according to insulin resistance with and without type 2 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the role of insulin resistance versus hyperglycemia in the risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) and to explore the interaction of insulin resistance with hyperglycemia. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey III (NHANES). 4,825 subjects were selected from 9,737 adults aged ³40 years excluding those with fasting <8 hours, type 1 diabetes, pregnancy, or missing data. Insulin resistance was calculated using the HOMA II and then log-transformed (log IR). Odds ratios (OR) of CHD was obtained with multiple logistic regression with reference to non-diabetics with log IR > 1. RESULTS: CHD and type 2 diabetes were present in 9.1 % and 10.5%. Elevated insulin resistance was common; diabetics and non-diabetics with log IR > 1 constituted 6.3% and 12.1% of the population, respectively. ORs for CHD increased as insulin resistance increased in both non-diabetic and diabetics. When log IR > 1, the risk for CHD was not different between diabetics and non-diabetics (OR 1.12, 95% CI; 0.76-1.65). Furthermore, the risk for CHD was higher in non-diabetics with log IR > 1 than in diabetics with log IR1 (OR 0.55, 95% CI; 0.36-0.85). CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance was a greater risk for CHD than type 2 diabetes. Non-diabetics can have a higher risk for CHD than diabetics when insulin resistance is elevated. More research is warranted to develop strategies to identify and treat insulin resistance.
Long-term alteration in maternal blood pressure and renal function after pregnancy in normal and growth-restricted rats.; Intrauterine growth restriction is associated with increased risk of adult cardiorenal diseases. Small birth weight females are more likely to experience complications during their own pregnancy, including pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. We determined whether the physiological demand of pregnancy predisposes growth-restricted females to cardiovascular and renal dysfunction later in life. Late gestation bilateral uterine vessel ligation was performed in Wistar-Kyoto rats. At 4 months, restricted and control female offspring were mated with normal males and delivered naturally (ex-pregnant). Regardless of maternal birth weight, at 13 months, ex-pregnant females developed elevated mean arterial pressure (indwelling tail-artery catheter; +6 mm Hg), reduced effective renal blood flow ((14)C-PAH clearance; -23%), and increased renal vascular resistance (+27%) compared with age-matched virgins. Glomerular filtration rate ((3)H-inulin clearance) was not different across groups. This adverse cardiorenal phenotype in ex-pregnant females was associated with elevated systemic (+57%) and altered intrarenal components of the renin-angiotensin system. After pregnancy at 13 months, coronary flow (Langendorff preparation) was halved in restricted females compared with controls, and together with reduced NO excretion, this may increase susceptibility to additional lifestyle challenges. Our results have implications for aging females who have been pregnant, suggesting long-term cardiovascular and renal alterations, with additional consequences for females who were small at birth.
A cross-sectional study on the frequency and risk factors for neonatal hypoglycemia in babies born in rural Kerala.; INTRODUCTION: Glucose is the main source of energy for the developing brain. Hypoglycemia is a commonly encountered and treatable problem in the neonatal period. The newborn baby should be breastfed soon after delivery and continued on demand breastfeeding. As families become nuclear, mothers may not have the necessary skills and knowledge about the importance of exclusive breastfeeding. Health care workers play an important role in preparing the mothers for exclusive breastfeeding and ensuring that the newborn remains euglycemic. Problems encountered during breastfeeding should be corrected on an individual basis, and uninterrupted feeding should be ensured as per BFHI guidelines. AIM: To find out the frequency and risk factors of hypoglycemia and its relation to feeding in babies of GDM mothers, large for gestational age, and small for gestational age babies in a baby-friendly hospital adhering to the BFHI guidelines. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A single-center, observational study was carried out among 160 consecutively born babies born to mothers with gestational diabetes, large for gestational age and small for gestational age for a period of one year from October 2018 to September 2019. Data was collected using an interviewer administered proforma and from antenatal and postnatal records. Glucose monitoring was done and values were recorded. Data was analysed using SPSS software. Qualitative data was expressed as percentage. and quantitative data was expressed as mean and standard deviation. Association with risk factors was studied using the Chi-squared test. RESULTS: The overall incidence of hypoglycemia was 15.3% in our study. The main risk factors identified were prematurity and small for gestational age. Maximum incidence of hypoglycemia was noted in the first 24 hours after birth. Incidence of hypoglycemia in exclusively breastfed babies was only 10.5% compared to those on formula feeds where breastfeeding was contraindicated due to medical reasons and where the incidence was found to be 33.3%. Incidence of hypoglycemia was 50%. The most common symptoms of hypoglycemia were jitteriness and poor feeding. Eleven per cent of babies had asymptomatic hypoglycemia. In babies detected to have hypoglycemia, prompt treatment with oral feeds or intravenous (IV) dextrose was started. There was no mortality in the study population. CONCLUSION: Incidence of hypoglycemia was maximum in the first hour of life, highlighting the need to start early feeds and to do meticulous monitoring in high-risk babies like pre-term babies, small for gestational age, large for gestational age and babies of diabetic mothers. The incidence of hypoglycemia in exclusively the breastfed group was 10.5%. This showed that confident and successful breastfeeding with the support of health care staff should be the norm to prevent hypoglycemia, and preparation for breastfeeding should begin right from the antenatal period.
Trend of pregnancy outcomes in type 1 diabetes compared to control women: a register-based analysis in 1996-2018.; INTRODUCTION: In 1989, the St Vincent declaration aimed to approximate pregnancy outcomes of diabetes to that of healthy pregnancies. We aimed to compare frequency and trends of outcomes of pregnancies affected by type 1 diabetes and controls in 1996-2018. METHODS: We used anonymized records of a mandatory nation-wide registry of all deliveries between gestational weeks 24 and 42 in Hungary. We included all singleton births (4,091 type 1 diabetes, 1,879,183 controls) between 1996 and 2018. We compared frequency and trends of pregnancy outcomes between type 1 diabetes and control pregnancies using hierarchical Poisson regression. RESULTS: The frequency of stillbirth, perinatal mortality, large for gestational age, caesarean section, admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and low Appearance, Pulse, Grimace, Activity, and Respiration (APGAR) score was 2-4 times higher in type 1 diabetes compared to controls, while the risk of congenital malformations was increased by 51% and SGA was decreased by 42% (all p<0.05). These observations remained significant after adjustment for confounders except for low APGAR scores. We found decreasing rate ratios comparing cases and controls over time for caesarean sections, low APGAR scores (p<0.05), and for NICU admissions (p=0.052) in adjusted models. The difference between cases and controls became non-significant after 2009. No linear trends were observed for the other outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Although we found that the rates of SGA, NICU care, and low APGAR score improved in pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes, the target of the St Vincent Declaration was only achieved for the occurrence of low APGAR scores.
Differences in Hemodynamic, Hormonal and Heart Rate Variability Parameters in Complication-Free Pregnancies Compared to Individuals with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Preeclampsia: An Observational Retrospective Analysis.; To investigate differences in hemodynamic, hormonal and heart rate variability parameters in women following complication-free pregnancies (healthy), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) after giving childbirth. Data of 60 women (healthy: n = 29, age 32.7 ± 4.5 years, BMI 24.2 ± 4.3 kg/m(2); preeclampsia: n = 16, age 35.3 ± 4.4 years, 28.5 ± 6.4 kg/m(2); GDM, n = 15, age 32.3 ± 6.0 years, BMI 26.4 ± 6.2 kg/m(2)) were included. Two visits were conducted 16 and 48 weeks after giving childbirth. Hair samples were taken for analysis of cortisol and testosterone. ECG and blood pressure were recorded at each visit. Data were analyzed via RM-ANOVA and post-hoc testing (p ≤ 0.05). Heart rate increased from visit 1 to visit 2, whereas SDNN decreased (both p = 0.03). RMSSD showed an increased trend for groups (p = 0.06). Testosterone in the GDM group was significantly higher compared to the other groups (p = 0.002). Cortisol levels were significantly higher following post-hoc testing GDM was different compared to healthy individuals (p = 0.02). Hemodynamic changes from week 16 to week 48 did not differ between groups (p > 0.05). No differences between individuals with preeclampsia and healthy individuals were found for all hemodynamic parameters (p > 0.05). The study showed higher levels of chronic stress indicators in GDM measured via heart rate variability and cortisol compared to women with a history of preeclampsia and healthy women.
Hypospadias prevalence by severity and associated risk factors: A population-based active surveillance analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Hypospadias is one of the most common congenital anomalies. Trends of hypospadias prevalence by severity are not well reported. Most prevalence studies consist of pooled data from different countries or states suffer from low data quality due to inconsistent methodologies, limited variables, and lack of categorization of hypospadias severity. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to examine the prevalence of hypospadias by degrees of severity and associated risk factors using combined data sources from a stable and well-defined population. STUDY DESIGN: The study population includes infants born with hypospadias to mothers residing in Arkansas from 1997 to 2016. Cases were identified from an active population-based surveillance program of birth defects. Identified hypospadias cases from surveillance data were linked to birth certificate and to a clinical database. These two data sources provide more details on the location of the defect and maternal and infant characteristics. The prevalence and 95% confidence intervals were calculated using total male live births as denominator. Chi-square test was used to assess the association of nominal variables. Logistic regression was used to calculate adjusted odds ratio. RESULTS: A total 3230 hypospadias cases were identified from 1997 to 2016. The overall prevalence is 83.0 per 10,000 male births. A majority of cases (56.7%) were classified as first degree with the others having second degree (22.8%), third degree (4.7%) or not otherwise specified (15.6%). The highest prevalence of hypospadias was observed among Non-Hispanic whites. Higher prevalence also was observed among mothers in the older age group with no prenatal care in the first trimester and with gestational hypertension or diabetes. Premature or small for gestational age infants tend to have higher prevalence across all levels of severity. The number of hypospadias cases increased over time. After maternal age, race and education were adjusted, higher risk persisted for infants of restricted fetal growth, mothers with gestational hypertension or diabetes and the cohort of 2013-2016. CONCLUSION: There is an increase of hypospadias cases in Arkansas. Several maternal and infant characteristics associated with higher prevalence for all levels of severity are worth further investigation.
Microalbuminuria and essential hypertension: renal and cardiovascular implications.; Microalbuminuria continues to receive attention in patients with hypertension, even if they do not have diabetes mellitus. The attention appears deserved, because microalbuminuria has emerged as an important risk factor for left ventricular hypertrophy, myocardial infarction, stroke, peripheral vascular disease and retinopathy, independent of blood pressure. Microalbuminuria may be a useful measurement during pregnancy and appears particularly indicated in following up women who develop pre-eclampsia during pregnancy. In addition to diabetes, increased blood pressure and age, the smoking habit appears to be the most important factor contributing to microalbuminuria, although other influences including uranium exposure have been implicated. We need to learn more about the mechanisms of microalbuminuria, particularly in non-diabetic hypertensive patients. Microalbuminuria is potentially reversible. All antihypertensive agents appear to reduce microalbuminuria. In diabetic patients, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor therapy is effective in reducing renal disease progression, even in the absence of hypertension. Antioxidant therapy may be effective. Stopping smoking should be the initial antioxidant measure.
Repeated high blood pressure at 6 and 11 years at the Pelotas 2004 birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: We evaluated the prevalence and the factors associated with repeated high systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) at 6- and 11-year follow-ups of children from the Pelotas (Brazil) 2004 Birth Cohort. METHODS: All live births to mothers living in the urban area of Pelotas were enrolled in the cohort. Blood pressure (BP) values were transformed into Z-scores by sex, age, and height. High SBP and DBP were defined as repeated systolic and diastolic BP Z-scores on the ≥95th percentile at the two follow-ups. Prevalence (95% confidence interval) of repeated high SBP, DBP, and both (SDBP) were calculated. Associations with maternal and child characteristics were explored in crude and adjusted logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: A total of 3182 cohort participants were analyzed. Prevalence of repeated high SBP, DBP and SDBP was 1.7% (1.2-2.1%), 2.3% (1.8-2.9%) and 1.2% (0.9-1.6%), respectively. Repeated high SBP was associated with males, gestational diabetes mellitus (2.92; 1.13-7.58) and obesity at 11 years (2.44; 1.29-4.59); while repeated high DBP was associated with females, family history of hypertension from both sides (3.95; 1.59-9.85) and gestational age < 34 weeks (4.08; 1.52-10.96). Repeated high SDBP was not associated with any of the characteristics investigated. CONCLUSION: Prevalence of repeated high SBP, DBP, and SDBP were within the expected distribution at the population level. Nonetheless, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, family history of hypertension, and prematurity increased the risk of repeated high blood pressure measured at two occasions 5 years apart.
An Enhanced Postpartum Transition Program to Primary Care.; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are risk factors for future cardiovascular disease, yet few individuals receive postpartum care with primary care clinicians (PCP). To facilitate transitions of care to PCPs and improve cardiovascular health monitoring within the first 13 months postpartum, we developed and piloted an enhanced postpartum referral pathway for patients with GDM or HDP. Methods: Eligible patients included those who received perinatal care at a large, urban, academic medical center, experienced GDM or HDP during their most recent pregnancy, and lacked an existing PCP. Resident, faculty, and advanced practitioners referred patients during antenatal, delivery-related, or postpartum visits. A dedicated scheduler contacted patients to schedule an appointment with a women's health-focused resident or faculty PCP. The percent of patients who attended a postpartum PCP visit, who had an HbA1c and cholesterol panel checked within the first 13 months postpartum, were compared between patients referred and not referred to the program using adjusted odds ratios (aOR). Results: Of 129 individuals referred, 48.1% attended a PCP visit, 31.8% completed cholesterol screening, and 41.9% completed HbA1c screening within 13 months postpartum. After adjusting for age, parity, insurance, and referral indication, referred individuals had greater odds for each outcome (PCP visit: aOR = 6.0, 95% CI 4.0-9.0; cholesterol: aOR = 2.4, 95% 1.6-3.9; HbA1c: aOR = 2.5, 95% CI 1.7-3.7) compared with nonreferred individuals in the same time period. Discussion: A enhanced postpartum PCP referral pathway pilot for birthing individuals was associated with improved follow-up in the first year postpartum.
Trial of labor after cesarean section in risk pregnancies: A population-based cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: In most pregnancies after a cesarean section, a trial of labor is an option. The objective of the study was to explore trial of labor and its failure in pregnancies with medical risk conditions, in a population with a high trial of labor rate. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In a cohort study (n = 57 109), using data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway 1989-2014, women with a second delivery after a first pregnancy cesarean section were included. Preterm, multiple, and non-cephalic deliveries were excluded. The outcomes were trial of labor and failed trial of labor, assessed as rates and relative risk, using deliveries without risk conditions as reference. Temporal trends were assessed by 3-year periods. The exposures were selected medical risk conditions, ie previous offspring death, labor dystocia, diabetes, heart conditions, chronic hypertension, chronic kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis, thyroid disease, asthma, prepregnancy psychiatric conditions, epilepsy, obesity, gestational diabetes, eclampsia and preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, major malformations, second-pregnancy psychiatric conditions, assisted reproduction, macrosomia, and small-for-gestational-age neonates. Induced onset of labor was compared with spontaneous onset of labor for each condition studied. RESULTS: In risk pregnancies (n = 31 994) the trial of labor rate was 64.9% and failure rate was 27.6%, compared with 74.6% and 16.4% in pregnancies without any of the risk conditions studied (n = 25 115). The lowest trial of labor rates were observed in diabetes type 1 (49.5%), diabetes type 2 (46.7%), maternal heart conditions (54.5%), and pregnancy-related psychiatric conditions (19.7%). The highest failure rates were observed in diabetes type 1 (43.1%), diabetes type 2 (40.3%), maternal obesity (36.9%), gestational diabetes (36.0%), and offspring macrosomia (43.0%). Induced labor was associated with failed trial of labor (P < .05), whereas after spontaneous labor, failure rates were less than 40% in all conditions studied. CONCLUSIONS: In conditions with high rates of failed trial of labor, eg diabetes, macrosomia, and obesity, a planned cesarean section might be a better option than a trial of labor, particularly if induction of delivery might be needed.
Pharmacotherapeutic options for the treatment of preeclampsia.; PURPOSE: Pharmacotherapeutic options for the treatment of preeclampsia are reviewed. SUMMARY: Risk factors for the development of preeclampsia include microvascular diseases, such as diabetes mellitus; vascular and connective tissue disorders; hypertension; antiphospholipid antibody syndrome; and nephropathy. Several pathophysiological factors contribute to the development of the preeclamptic state, including vasospasm onset, coagulation system activation, increased inflammatory response, and ischemia. The specific agents used for the treatment of preeclampsia are dependent on a number of factors including symptom severity, maternal or fetal compromise, the progression to eclampsia, gestational period, and cervical status. The diagnosis of preeclampsia beyond the gestation period of 38 weeks requires delivery. The presence of maternal compromise or eclampsia at gestation greater than 20 weeks also necessitates delivery. In cases of chronic or mild hypertension, oral methyldopa may be administered on an outpatient basis. Intravenous hydralazine is a commonly administered arteriolar vasodilator that is effective for hypertensive emergencies associated with pregnancies. The most common adverse effect of hydralazine administration is unpredictable hypotension. Labetalol decreases heart rate and may be preferred because of a lack of reflex tachycardia, hypotension, or increased intracranial pressure. However, the drug of choice for the prevention and control of maternal seizures in patients with severe preeclampsia or eclampsia during the peripartum period is i.v. magnesium sulfate. Therapeutic serum magnesium levels cause cerebral vasodilation, thereby reversing the ischemia produced by cerebral vasospasm during an eclamptic episode. The results of one study indicated that women receiving magnesium sulfate therapy had a 58% lower risk of eclampsia than placebo. CONCLUSION: Magnesium sulfate remains the drug of choice for the prevention and treatment of preeclampsia. Alternative antihypertensive agents may provide additional benefit in the management of hypertension for preeclamptic patients.
[Maternal and perinatal morbidities associated to advanced age in pregnant women].; BACKGROUND: Women in advanced maternal age (older than 35 years of age) are at higher risk of obstetric complications and adverse perinatal outcomes than younger women. OBJECTIVE: To know the maternal and perinatal morbidities associated to advanced age in pregnant women. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Analytical cross-sectional study. Women with resolution of pregnancy in the medical unit were included and distributed in two groups: group 1, advanced age, ≥ 35 years, and group 2, < 35 years. Clinical data, maternal and perinatal morbidities of the newborn (NB) were collected from the medical record. RESULTS: We included 240 patients, 120 per group; a significant association of advanced maternal age with maternal morbidities such as diseases prior to pregnancy was demonstrated (p < 0.0001), including diabetes mellitus during pregnancy (p = 0.002), hypertensive disease of pregnancy (p = 0.0001), pregnancy resolution by cesarean section (p = 0.04), obstetric hemorrhage (p = 0.0002), prenatal control with < 5 consultations (p = 0.008), as well as those with perinatal morbidities of the NB: preterm gestational age (p = 0.001), intrauterine growth retardation (p = 0.01), low weight for gestational age (p = 0.001) and admission of the NB to the neonatal intensive care unit (p = 0.007); with multivariate analysis, an association of advanced maternal age with diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disease of pregnancy and obstetric hemorrhage was observed (R2 = 0.9884; p < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: The maternal and perinatal morbidities are associated with advanced age in pregnant women.
The association of breast feeding for at least six months with hemodynamic and metabolic health of women and their children aged three years: an observational cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding is important for both mother and child in reducing risk of future cardiovascular disease. Therefore, it may be an effective method to improve cardio-metabolic health, particularly those who are exposed to pregnancy complications which increase later CVD risk for both mother and child. The aim of this study is to assess differences in cardiometabolic health at three years postpartum in mothers who breastfed for at least six months and their children compared to those who did not. METHODS: Women and children from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy (STOP) study (2015-2017) were invited to attend a health check-up at three years postpartum. Women's breastfeeding status at least six months postpartum was ascertained through their child health record. Anthropometric and hemodynamic measurements were taken from women and their children. A fasting blood sample was taken from women to measure blood glucose and lipids. RESULTS: A total of 160 woman-child dyads were assessed in this study. Women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal BMI, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, central systolic blood pressure, and central diastolic blood pressure than those who did not and this did not change after adjusting for BMI and socioeconomic index in early pregnancy, prenatal smoking and maternal age in early pregnancy. Subgroup analysis on women who had one or more pregnancy complications during the index pregnancy (i.e. preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, delivery of a small for gestational age infant, delivery of a preterm infant, and/or gestational diabetes mellitus) demonstrated that women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal systolic and diastolic blood pressures, serum insulin and triglycerides, and higher HDL cholesterol. There were no differences in child anthropometric or hemodynamic variables at three years of age between those children who had been breastfed for at least six months and those who had not. CONCLUSION: Breastfeeding for at least six months may reduce some maternal; cardiovascular risk factors in women at three years postpartum, in particular, in those who have experienced a complication of pregnancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12614000985684 (12/09/2014).
Elabela levels in pregnancies with intrauterine growth retardation.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of our study is to examine maternal serum Elabela levels in pregnancy with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). IUGR is one of the most important causes of perinatal mortality and morbidity. IUGR is also related future comorobidities such as diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, hypertension and coronary artery disease. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Fifty pregnancies diagnosed as IUGR (Group 1) and fifty healthy pregnancies (Group 2) enrolled into the study. Obstetric and demographic characteristics of the patients, serum elabela levels, ultrasound parameters, cord pH value and APGAR scores of the newborns were recorded. In the study, which was planned as a prospective case-control study, an independent t test was used for the evaluation of continuous data and the Mann Whitney U test was used for the statistical evaluation of ordinal data. p < 0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: The mean gestational age of the cases at delivery was 36.35 ± 1.29 in Group 1 and 38.16 ± 0.94 weeks in Group 2 (p < 0.05). Mean serum Elabela levels were 15.05 ± 9.03 in Group 1 and 8.96 ± 4.33 ng/mL in Group 2 (p < 0.0001). Mean newborn weights were 2498.20 ± 465.92 in Group 1 and 3179.44 ± 387.99 gr. in Group 2 (p < 0.0001). Systolic and diastolic blood pressure measurements taken on the day of delivery were higher in Group 1, and diastolic blood pressure was 77.0 ± 9.53 in Group 1 and 72.60 ± 13.37 mmHg in Group 2 (p < 0.05). Bilateral uterine artery Pulsatile Index (PI) and umbilical artery PI value were significantly higher in Group 1 (p < 0.05), and middle cerebral artery PI and cerebroplacental ratio were significantly lower in Group 1 compared to Group 2 (p < 0.05). Although the cord pH value, 1st and 5th minute APGAR scores were lower in Group 1 compared to Group 2, no statistically significant difference was found (p > 0.05). CONLUSIONS: In our study, it was found that serum Elabela levels increased significantly in pregnancies complicated by IUGR compared to the control group.
Lupus women with delivery with higher risk of heart failure compared with those without pregnancy but neutral in major adverse cardiovascular events. A population-based matched cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Limited data exist regarding the incidence rate and relative risks of major adverse cardiovascular events in women with lupus who have successfully delivered compared to those who have not been pregnant. METHODS: A retrospective, population-based matched cohort study was performed on women with lupus from 2000 to 2006. In total, 149 women with lupus and a successful delivery were enrolled as the study cohort, and 446 women with lupus with no pregnancy, frequency-matched for age, duration of systemic lupus erythematosus, hypertension and diabetes as the comparison cohort. Poisson regression modeling was used to determine the relative risk of a successful delivery on the risk of major adverse cardiovascular events among the women with lupus. RESULTS: Successful delivery for women with lupus had a neutral effect on major adverse cardiovascular events. The incidence rate of any major adverse cardiovascular event was 1,139 per 100,000 person-years, consisting mainly of heart failure, stroke, and all-cause mortality, with incidence rates of 652, 481 and 481 per 100,000 person-years, respectively. The women with lupus and a successful delivery had a higher incidence rate of heart failure (RR=5.4, 95% CI=1.4-21.7, p<0.017). CONCLUSIONS: Major adverse cardiovascular events and mortality were rare events in the women with lupus of reproductive age. Successful delivery had a neutral effect on major adverse cardiovascular events in the women with lupus, although they had a higher incidence of heart failure.
Effects of pre- and postnatal exposure to chromium picolinate or picolinic acid on neurological development in CD-1 mice.; Chromium picolinate, Cr(pic)3, a popular dietary supplement marketed as an aid in fat loss and lean muscle gain, has also been suggested as a therapy for women with gestational diabetes. The current study investigated the effects of maternal exposure to Cr(pic)3 and picolinic acid during gestation and lactation on neurological development of the offspring. Mated female CD-1 mice were fed diets from implantation through weaning that were either untreated or that contained Cr(pic)3 (200 mg kg(-1) day(-1)) or picolinic acid (174 mg kg(-1) day(-1)). A comprehensive battery of postnatal tests was administered, including a modified Fox battery, straight-channel swim, open-field activity, and odor-discrimination tests. Pups exposed to picolinic acid tended to weigh less than either control or Cr(pic)3-exposed pups, although the differences were not significant. Offspring of picolinic acid-treated dams also appeared to display impaired learning ability, diminished olfactory orientation ability, and decreased forelimb grip strength, although the differences among the treatment groups were not significant. The results indicate that there were no significant effects on the offspring with regard to neurological development from supplementation of the dams with either Cr(pic)3 or picolinic acid.
Creating a maternal cardiac center of excellence: a call to action.; In contrast to most industrialized countries, maternal mortality in the USA is rising. Cardiovascular disease, both acquired heart disease (e.g. coronary disease, arrhythmias, and heart failure), as well as congenital heart disease survivors, are all potentially important factors in explaining this worrisome trend. Increase in acquired cardiac disease is likely attributable to greater rates of obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and an increase in the incidence of advanced maternal age, while congenital heart disease in pregnancy is increasing due to advances in pediatric cardiovascular surgery. Despite the growing cardiovascular risk of pregnant women, most obstetricians and cardiologists have limited experience in caring for women with heart disease. Accordingly, management is largely guided by expert opinion likely to vary greatly across centers. To address these challenges, a multidisciplinary approach to care that includes both cardiologists and obstetricians could leverage the knowledge of both specialties and support streamlined communication between the patient and her providers. Our experience highlights the necessary components and essential infrastructure for building a center of excellence in treating pregnant women with heart disease.Condensation: A guide for creating a center of excellence for prenatal care for women with cardiovascular disease.The problem: Cardiac disease is the leading cause of maternal mortality, and pregnancies affected by cardiac disease continue to rise, both congenital and acquired.The solution: Maternal fetal medicine, obstetricians, and cardiologists can join together in tertiary facilities to create Maternal Cardiac Centers of Excellence to provide multidisciplinary, structured care for these high-risk patients.
Racial Disparities in Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes by Maternal Nativity and Length of US Residence in an Urban Low-Income Population in the United States.; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Racial/ethnic differences in GDM prevalence have been described, but disparities by nativity and duration of US residence are not well studied. METHODS: We analyzed data from 6088 women (mean age: 27.5 years [standard deviation: 6.3 years]) from the Boston Birth Cohort who self-identified as non-Hispanic Black (NHB; n = 2697), Hispanic (n = 2395), or non-Hispanic White (NHW; n = 996). Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the cross-sectional association of nativity and duration of US residence (< 10 vs ≥ 10 years) with GDM within each race/ethnicity group. RESULTS: Foreign-born NHB, NHW, and Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had a lower prevalence of CVD risk factors than those with US residence of ≥ 10 years, respectively, as follows: smoking (NHB: 1.7% vs 3.1%; NHW: 5.7% vs 8.1%; Hispanic: 0.4% vs 2.6%); obesity (NHB: 17.1% vs 23.4%; NHW: 3.8% vs 15.6%; Hispanic: 10.9% vs 22.7%); and severe stress (NHB: 8.7% vs 11.9%; NHW: 5.7% vs 28.1%; Hispanic: 3.8% vs 7.3%). In analyses adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and CVD risk factors, foreign-born NHB women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had higher odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 1.60, 95% confidence interval: 0.99-2.60), compared with their US-born counterparts, whereas foreign-born Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had lower odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 0.54, 95% confidence interval: 0.32-0.91). The odds of having GDM in Hispanic and NHB women with a duration of US residence of ≥ 10 years were not significantly different from those of their US-born counterparts. CONCLUSIONS: The "healthy immigrant effect" and its waning with longer duration of US residence apply to the prevalence of GDM among Hispanic women but not NHB women. Further research on the intersectionality of race and nativity-based disparities is needed.
Patterns of Cardiovascular Risk Factors in the Years Before Pregnancy in Nulliparous Women With and Without Preterm Birth and Small-for-Gestational-Age Delivery.; Background Women with either preterm or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) delivery have an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease that has been attributed to the accrual of vascular risk factors over time. We sought to determine whether an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile develops in the years before pregnancies complicated by preterm delivery or SGA. Methods and Results Using administrative databases, we identified all 156 278 nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2018 and ≥2 measurements of the following analytes between January 2008 and the start of pregnancy: glycosylated hemoglobin, glucose, lipids, and alanine aminotransferase. There were 11 078 women with preterm delivery and 19 367 with SGA. The 2 most recent pregravid tests were performed at median 0.6 (interquartile range, 0.3-1.4) and 1.9 (interquartile range, 1.1-3.3) years before pregnancy, respectively. Women with preterm delivery had higher pregravid glycosylated hemoglobin, glucose, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and alanine aminotransferase, and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, than those without preterm delivery. In contrast, women with SGA had lower pregravid fasting glucose, random glucose, and triglycerides than those without SGA. In the years before pregnancy, women with preterm delivery had higher annual increases than their peers in glycosylated hemoglobin (0.7-times higher), triglycerides (7.9-times higher), and alanine aminotransferase (2.2-times higher). During this time, fasting glucose increased in women who developed preterm delivery but decreased in their peers. Conclusions An adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile evolves over time in the years before pregnancy complicated by preterm delivery, but does not necessarily precede SGA.
Multidisciplinary management of cardiovascular disease in women: Delphi consensus.; BACKGROUND: Current clinical guidelines on cardiovascular disease (CVD) do not specifically address the female population. The aim of this consensus is to know the opinion of a group of experts on the management of CVD in women. METHODS: Through a Delphi consensus, 31 experts in cardiology, 9 in gynecology and obstetrics, and 14 primary care physicians, showed their degree of agreement on 44 items on CVD in women divided into the following groups: (1) risk factors and prevention strategies; (2) diagnosis and clinical manifestations; and (3) treatment and follow-up. RESULTS: After two rounds, consensus in agreement was reached on 27 items (61.4%). Most of the non-consensus items (31.8%) belonged to group 3. The lack of consensus in this group was mainly among gynecologists and primary care physicians. The panelists agreed on periodic blood pressure control during pregnancy and delivery to detect hypertensive disorders, especially in women with a history of preeclampsia and/or gestational hypertension, and diabetes mellitus control in those with gestational diabetes. Also, the panelists agreed that women receive statins at a lower intensity than men, although there was no consensus as to whether the efficacy of drug treatments differs between women and men. CONCLUSIONS: The high degree of consensus shows that the panelists are aware of the differences that exist between men and women in the management of CVD and the need to propose interventions to reduce this inequality. The low level of consensus reveals the lack of knowledge, and the need for information and training on this topic.
[Role of physical activity in the therapy and prevention of Type II diabetes mellitus].; Increased physical activity should be part of the treatment for non insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Increased physical activity delays the onset of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or even prevents the disease in about 50% of susceptible individuals (positive family history of NIDDM, body-mass index > 25, hypertension or gestational diabetes). Regular exercise has been shown to lower plasma triglyceride and to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Exercise has also beneficial effects on hypertension, body composition and fat distribution. Improved glucose tolerance has been achieved in type II diabetic patients in as little as one week with an exercise program. The beneficial effect of regular exercise on glucose control appears to reflect the cumulative effect of transient improvement in glucose tolerance following each individual bout of exercise. Increased insulin sensitivity is lost after as little as three days of inactivity. Most studies suggest that the maximum benefit from exercise is most likely to occur in patients with mild diabetes in whom insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia are present (i.e. patients with fasting blood glucose of < 11 mM). The recommended frequency and duration of exercise is three times per week or every other day and, as adjunct for weight reduction, five to seven times per week for 30 to 45 min. at an intensity of 50 to 70% VO2max (or 60 to 80% of maximal the heart rate). Because of the high incidence of ischemic heart disease in type II diabetic patients, patients older than 35 years of age should undergo a graded exercise stress electrocardiogram. Attention should be paid to foot-care and the use of appropriate footwear and diabetic late complications, such as autonomic and peripheral neuropathy. Older obese NIDDM patients can achieve significant metabolic benefits from low-intensity programs, such as daily walking, which can be easily incorporated into daily living. Taking the necessary precautions, most patients with diabetes can take part in a monitored exercise program safely.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring Metrics and Birth Weight: Informing Management of Type 1 Diabetes Throughout Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine gestational weekly changes in continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) metrics and 24-h glucose profiles and their relationship to infant birth weight in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: An analysis of >10.5 million CGM glucose measures from 386 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes from two international multicenter studies was performed. CGM glucose metrics and 24-h glucose profiles were calculated for each gestational week, and the relationship to normal (10-90th percentile) and large (>90th percentile) for gestational age (LGA) birth weight infants was determined. RESULTS: Mean CGM glucose concentration fell and percentage of time spent in the pregnancy target range of 3.5-7.8 mmol/L (63-140 mg/dL) increased in the first 10 weeks of pregnancy and plateaued until 28 weeks of gestation, before further improvement in mean glucose and percentage of time in range until delivery. Maternal CGM glucose metrics diverged at 10 weeks of gestation, with significantly lower mean CGM glucose concentration (7.1 mmol/L; 95% CI 7.05-7.15 [127.8 mg/dL; 95% CI 126.9-128.7] vs. 7.5 mmol/L; 95% CI 7.45-7.55 [135 mg/dL; 95% CI 134.1-135.9]) and higher percentage of time in range (55%; 95% CI 54-56 vs. 50%; 95% CI 49-51) in women who had normal versus LGA. The 24-h glucose profiles were significantly higher across the day from 10 weeks of gestation in LGA. CONCLUSIONS: Normal birth weight is associated with achieving significantly lower mean CGM glucose concentration across the 24-h day and higher CGM time in range from before the end of the first trimester, emphasizing the need for a shift in clinical management, with increased focus on using weekly CGM glucose targets for optimizing maternal glycemia from early pregnancy.
Risk Factors for Failure in First-Time Hearing Screening Tests among High-Risk Neonates in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to investigate into the risk factors for failure in the first-time screening test among high-risk neonates in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) in order to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus providing insights into early prevention and intervention. METHODS: We performed automated auditory brainstem response (AABR), distortion product otoacoustic emission (DPOAE), and acoustic immittance (AI) on 2,194 high-risk neonates admitted into the NICU of Shanghai Children's Medical Center from January 2015 to December 2019, and the risk factors, including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, were analyzed retrospectively by the univariate χ2 test and multivariate stepwise logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: The pass rates of AABR, DPOAE, and AI were 70.21, 78.44, and 93.12%, respectively, in 2,194 cases of high-risk neonates screened, which are significantly lower than those of healthy controls. The most common diagnoses included artificial feeding, preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight (LBW), neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB), neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), congenital heart disease (CHD), gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, advanced maternal age (AMA), twins, and in vitro fertilization. Stepwise logistic regression analysis indicated that the AABR pass rate was negatively correlated with LBW (p = 0.002), NHB (p < 0.001), NRDS (p = 0.007), artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.018), and CHD (p = 0.005). The pass rate of DPOAE was negatively correlated with artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.041), NHB (p < 0.001), LBW (p = 0.007), very LBW (VLBW) (p = 0.008), and C-section (p < 0.001). The pass rate of AI was negatively correlated with revised AMA (≥40 year) (p < 0.001), NHB (p = 0.043), C-section (p = 0.005), and artificial/mixed feeding (p = 0.036). CONCLUSION: The hearing screening pass rates of high-risk neonates in the NICU were lower than those of normal neonates, among which the rate of AABR was significantly lower than that of DPOAE. NRDS, NHB, LBW, revised AMA, CHD, C-section, and artificial feeding are potential risk factors of hearing impairment. The combination of different hearing screening tests is necessary for accurate diagnosis of congenital hearing disorders.
Clinical significance of slightly lateral ventricular enlargement in healthy infants.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine the clinical significance of slightly lateral ventricular enlargement. METHODS: We examined 1151 infants with a gestational age of 36 weeks or greater. We assessed for the presence of ventricular enlargement when apparent space was observed in the frontal horn or body of lateral ventricle by a transfontanel ultrasound scan. RESULTS: Two hundred and forty-eight infants had ventricular enlargement. The atrial widths in most infants were less than 10 mm. Ventricular enlargement correlated with Cesarean delivery, gestational age, birth weight, respiratory disturbance at delivery and respiratory inhibition after crying (RIAC). Ventricular enlargement could be divided into three types by ultrasound findings. Forty-five infants showed only enlargement of the anterior horn (Type A), 97 infants showed enlargement from the body to the posterior horn (Type B), and 108 infants showed whole enlargement from the anterior to the posterior horn (Type C). The infants with Type A correlated with intrauterine growth restriction, placenta previa, male gender and birth weight. The infants with Type B correlated with cesarean delivery. The infants with Type C correlated with diabetes mellitus, respiratory disturbance at delivery, RIAC and feeding hypoxemia. CONCLUSIONS: Slightly lateral ventricular enlargement should be considered clinically significant.
Unusual clustering of diseases in a Canadian Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred and community.; We investigated a large Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred with branches across Canada. Six generations of the kindred were traced. There was intermarriage among numerous family members. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was identified in 10 members; all 7 living patients were found to carry the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Nine other close relatives had disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes mellitus and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus progressing to insulin use. Ten other relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism and multiple sclerosis. Cases of Alport's syndrome, congenital malformations, inborn errors of metabolism and unusual malignant diseases were also found in the kindred. In the small Alberta community in which the kindred was ascertained there were people of Old Colony Mennonite descent with genetic conditions such as Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome and congenital malformations, including congenital heart disease. This kindred represents the largest reported familial aggregation of IDDM. This disease and other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism occur in the context of a strong familial predisposition to autoimmune disease. Study of this family may permit empiric testing of proposed models of inheritance of diseases of complex origin such as IDDM. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite community because it is one of the settlements populated by this religious and genetic isolate, which extends across Canada and Central and South America and affords opportunities for the study of both common and rare inherited diseases.
MOS HIP: McMaster outcome study of hypertension in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The offspring of women with hypertension during pregnancy are at increased risk of low birthweight, preterm birth, diseases of prematurity and death. The risk of developing these outcomes among women with either preeclampsia or chronic hypertension, relative to those with gestational hypertension, is not known. STUDY DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 1948 singleton women seen at a large tertiary care obstetrical center, whose blood pressure was greater than 140/90 mm Hg during pregnancy. The four types of hypertension were strictly defined: 864 women (44.4%) had gestational hypertension, 459 (23.6%) isolated chronic hypertension, 501 (25.7%) isolated preeclampsia, and 124 (6.4%) chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia. OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome of the study was a composite of the diseases of prematurity, need for assisted ventilation for greater than 1 day, or perinatal death. The secondary outcomes were each of those included in the primary endpoint, as well as admission to the neonatal ICU, small for gestational age (SGA) birthweight and preterm birth. We controlled for the effects of other maternal risk factors, such as age, parity, history of preterm delivery, cigarette smoking, pre-pregnancy weight, diabetes mellitus (DM), renal dysfunction, and current use of an antihypertensive agent or prednisone. RESULTS: For the primary composite outcome, compared to the offspring of women with gestational hypertension, the adjusted odds ratio was 1.9 (95% confidence interval 1.2 to 3.0) in the preeclamptic group and 2.0 (95% confidence interval 1.0 to 4.0) for those with chronic hypertension plus superimposed preeclampsia. Those with preeclampsia were at increased risk for small for gestational age birthweight (odds ratio 2.2, 95% confidence interval 1.5 to 3.1), as were the offspring of mothers who had chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia (odds ratio 2.1, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 3.8). Similarly, the rate of preterm birth before 32 weeks was highest among the infants of both preeclamptic mothers (28.5%; odds ratio 4.7, 95% confidence interval 2.9 to 7.6) and those with chronic hypertension and preeclampsia (30.5%; odds ratio 3.5, 95% confidence interval 1.8 to 6.7). The perinatal mortality rate was highest in the group of women with chronic hypertension plus preeclampsia (9.2%; odds ratio 3.2, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 9.1). Other significant risk factors for the primary composite outcome included previous preterm delivery (odds ratio 2.7, 95% confidence interval 1.4 to 5.2), smoking (odds ratio 1.8, 95% confidence interval 1.1 to 3.0) and use of an antihypertensive agent during pregnancy (odds ratio 1.8, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 2.7). Prednisone use was strongly associated with risk for perinatal death (odds ratio 4.9, 95% confidence interval 1.4 to 17.1). CONCLUSIONS: Relative to women with isolated gestational hypertension, those who develop preeclampsia, either with or without underlying chronic hypertension, experience worse perinatal outcomes. A history of previous preterm delivery and maternal smoking increase the rate preterm birth and major perinatal disease. Antihypertensive and prednisone therapy may be important risk factors for adverse perinatal events, but further research is needed to confirm these findings.
[Dyslipidemia in schoolchildren with a history of a high birth weight].; The process of atherosclerosis begins at early ages and is closely related to plasma lipid levels, specifically, an increase in low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), and a decrease in high density lipoprotein (HDL). OBJECTIVE: To determine if high birth weight, or macrosomia, is of predictive value for dyslipidemia in school children. METHODS: A descriptive study with a case control design was conducted on two groups of children; one group of 140 children with a history of macrosomia, and another group of 100 children with normal weight at birth, born between January 1992 and December 1995. The aim was the early identification of atherosclerotic risk factors in school children with high weight at birth. Anthropometric variables and lipid profile were studied (cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, VLDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides). RESULTS: There were significant differences between the mean weights of the two groups. There were no significant statistical differences between the two groups in the cholesterol levels (93.57% normal and 6.43% abnormal in the study group, and 90.00% normal and 10.00% abnormal in the control group), or in the values of HDL cholesterol. LDL cholesterol was abnormal in more children in the control group, and abnormal values of triglycerides were observed in 14.00% of cases in the study group 0.00% in the control group. CONCLUSION: High birth weight is not a predictive factor for hypercholesterolemia or HDL and LDL-cholesterol esters, but is positive for triglycerides in our study.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Sub-Saharan African women.; Background: Cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF) are associated with major cause of death and disability in Sub-Saharan Africa, especially in women. The contribution of obstetrical, psychological, and socio-economic factors in CVRF are not yet well described in Africa. We aimed to compare the prevalence of CVRF between men and women, and to determine the factors associated to these sex-related differences. Patients and methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on the 2019 data of the TAHES cohort in a geographically defined general population in Benin. A standardized questionnaire adapted from the World Health Organization (WHO) STEPS instrument was used to collect data. Univariate and multivariate analysis has been performed to determine CVRF differences in both sexes. Women-specific logistic regressions have been performed on CVRF previously identified as positively associated to female sex, to assess their association with socio-economic, psychological, and obstetrical factors. Results: We included 1583 patients, with a median age of 39 years [range: 32-53 years]. Prevalence of diabetes (1.2% vs. 3.4%, p=0.0042), abnormal kidney function (15.5% vs. 8.4%, p=0.0002), obesity (12.5% vs. 4.1%, p<0.0001), tobacco-smoking (3.4% vs. 14.1%, p<0.0001) and reduced physical activity (69.9% vs. 50.7%, p<0.0001) differed significantly between women and men, respectively. In multivariate analysis, female sex was independently and significantly associated with obesity, anxiety, depression and reduced physical activity. Number of pregnancies was associated with a reduced physical activity. Hypertension was associated with gestational hypertension. Conclusions: Obesity and reduced physical activity are significantly and independently more frequent in Beninese women than the male counterparts. Hypertension prevalence in Benin is alarming in both sexes. Targeted prevention strategies against obesity, gestational hypertension and sedentary lifestyle are advocated in African women.
[Coronary artery diseases in infants and children. A review].; Coronary artery disease of infants and children are reported. The paper deals with congenital coronary anomalies which appear either isolated or in combination of cardiac or vascular malformations. Acquired coronary diseases appear with periarteriitis nodosa, Kawasaki syndrome, arteriopathia calcificans and infantile arteriosclerosis. It is referred to etiology, clinical symptoms and therapy for each group of coronary disease with an emphasis on prevention.
The effect of parity on first trimester uterine artery Doppler waveforms in low-risk singleton pregnancies.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of the study was to evaluate the effeot of parity on uteroplacental blood flow during the first trimester in low-risk singleton pregnancies. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Uterine artery Doppler examinations were performed in 190 singleton pregnancies between 11-14 gestational weeks. Twenty-five pregnancies were excluded from the study due to history ci preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus or inherited thrombophilia. A total of 165 low-risk singleton pregnancies were included in the study Mean uterine artery pulsatility index (P1) was recorded and compared between nulliparous and multiparous women. The relation between maternal age, gestational week, maternal weight, parity biochemica, markers and abnormal uterine artery Doppler flows was evaluated. T-test and logistic regression analyses were used for the statistical analysis. RESULTS: A total of 165 singleton pregnancies without any risk factors for uteroplacental insufficiency were includec in the study Of them, 58 (36.7%) were nulliparous and 107(63.3%) were parous. Correlation analysis revealed that the uterine artery pulsatifity indices during the first trimester were not affected by maternal age and parity: CONCLUSIONS: Mean uterine artery pulsatility indices are not different in nulliparous and multiparous low nisA pregnancies at 11-14 weeks of gestation.
Maternal morbidity and perinatal outcomes among women in rural versus urban areas.; BACKGROUND: Most studies examining geographic barriers to maternity care in industrialized countries have focused solely on fetal and neonatal outcomes. We examined the association between rural residence and severe maternal morbidity, in addition to perinatal mortality and morbidity. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study of all women who gave birth in British Columbia, Canada, between Jan. 1, 2005, and Dec. 31, 2010. We compared maternal mortality and severe morbidity (e.g., eclampsia) and adverse perinatal outcomes (e.g., perinatal death) between women residing in areas with moderate to no metropolitan influence (rural) and those living in metropolitan areas or areas with a strong metropolitan influence (urban). We used logistic regression analysis to obtain adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS: We found a significant association between death or severe maternal morbidity and rural residence (adjusted OR 1.15, 95% CI 1.03-1.28). In particular, women in rural areas had significantly higher rates of eclampsia (adjusted OR 2.70, 95% CI 1.79-4.08), obstetric embolism (adjusted OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.14-4.07) and uterine rupture or dehiscence (adjusted OR 1.96, 95% CI 1.42-2.72) than women in urban areas. Perinatal mortality did not differ significantly between the study groups. Infants in rural areas were more likely than those in urban areas to have a severe neonatal morbidity (adjusted OR 1.14, 95% CI 1.02-1.29), to be born preterm (adjusted OR 1.06, 95% CI 1.01-1.11), to have an Apgar score of less than 7 at 5 minutes (adjusted OR 1.24, 95% CI 1.13-1.31) and to be large for gestational age (adjusted OR 1.14, 95% CI 1.10-1.19). They were less likely to be small for gestational age (adjusted OR 0.90, 95% CI 0.85-0.95) and to be admitted to an neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) (adjusted OR 0.36, 95% CI 0.33-0.38) compared with infants in urban areas. INTERPRETATION: Compared with women in urban areas, those in rural areas had higher rates of severe maternal morbidity and severe neonatal morbidity, and a lower rate of NICU admission. Maternity care providers in rural regions need to be aware of potentially life-threatening maternal and perinatal complications requiring advanced obstetric and neonatal care.
Precision Medicine in Patients with Differential Diabetic Phenotypes: Novel Opportunities from Network Medicine.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus (DM) comprises differential clinical phenotypes ranging from rare monogenic to common polygenic forms, such as type 1 (T1DM), type 2 (T2DM), and gestational diabetes, which are associated with cardiovascular complications. Also, the high- -risk prediabetic state is rising worldwide, suggesting the urgent need for early personalized strategies to prevent and treat a hyperglycemic state. OBJECTIVE: We aim to discuss the advantages and challenges of Network Medicine approaches in clarifying disease-specific molecular pathways, which may open novel ways for repurposing approved drugs to reach diabetes precision medicine and personalized therapy. CONCLUSION: The interactome or protein-protein interactions (PPIs) is a useful tool to identify subtle molecular differences between precise diabetic phenotypes and predict putative novel drugs. Despite being previously unappreciated as T2DM determinants, the growth factor receptor-bound protein 14 (GRB14), calmodulin 2 (CALM2), and protein kinase C-alpha (PRKCA) might have a relevant role in disease pathogenesis. Besides, in silico platforms have suggested that diflunisal, nabumetone, niflumic acid, and valdecoxib may be suitable for the treatment of T1DM; phenoxybenzamine and idazoxan for the treatment of T2DM by improving insulin secretion; and hydroxychloroquine reduce the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by counteracting inflammation. Network medicine has the potential to improve precision medicine in diabetes care and enhance personalized therapy. However, only randomized clinical trials will confirm the clinical utility of network- oriented biomarkers and drugs in the management of DM.
Smoking and diabetes interplay: A comprehensive review and joint statement.; Evidence shows that smoking increases the risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes in the general population. Among persons with diabetes, smoking has been found to increase the risk of all-cause mortality and aggravate chronic diabetic complications and glycemic control. The current paper, which is a joint position statement by the French-Speaking Society on Tobacco (Société Francophone de Tabacologie) and the French-Speaking Society of Diabetes (Société Francophone du Diabète), summarizes the data available on the association between smoking and diabetes and on the impact of smoking and smoking cessation among individuals with type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus. It also provides evidence-based information about the pharmacological and behavioral strategies for smoking cessation in these patients.
[Angiotensin-receptor- and neprilysin-inhibition: a new option against heart failure].; The molecular combination of sacubitril and valsartan (Entresto) is a new drug for reducing the risk of cardiovascular death and hospitalization for heart failure in patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA Class II-IV) and reduced ejection fraction. It is usually administered in conjunction with other heart failure therapies, instead of an ACE inhibitor or an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB). In studies, sacubitril/ valsartan was superior to enalapril in reducing the risks of death and hospitalization for heart failure. Possible side effects of sacubitril/valsartan are hypotension, angioedema, impaired renal function and elevation in serum potassium levels. The drug should not be used in times of pregnancy and breast feeding, in patients with servere hepatic impairment (Child-Pugh C) and in combination with aliskiren in patients with diabetes.
Feto-placental vascular dysfunction as a prenatal determinant of adult cardiovascular disease.; Low birthweight is associated with increased rates of coronary heart disease, stroke, hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes during adult life. This is thought to be the consequence of a 'programming', whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period of early life has permanent effects on structure, physiology and metabolism. Programming of the fetus may, hence, result from adaptations to a condition where placental nutrient supply fails to match fetal demand. Recently, compensatory feto-placental up-regulation of the nitric oxide system during fetal growth restriction (FGR) was shown. Particularly, restricted hypoxic fetuses present an elevation of nitrites and a reduction of asymmetric dimethylarginine. S-nitrosohemoglobin is consumed under hypoxic conditions. These events are followed by nitric oxide pathway down-regulation postnatally, increasing susceptibility to cardiovascular disorders later in life. The relative hyperoxia would favor any such occurrence through depletion of tetrahydrobiopterin secondary to oxygen radical formation. This concept may lead to new therapeutic strategies, based on tetrahydrobiopterin supplementation, free-radical scavenging, L-arginine administration and/or inhaled NO therapy in FGR hypoxic newborns, to improve their postnatal adaptation and to reduce the risk of metabolic pathologies in adult age.
[Pregnancy after renal transplantation. Obstetrical follow up and long term outcome of the renal graft].; OBJECTIVES: To study the course of pregnancy after renal transplantation and to assess the impact of the pregnancy on the renal graft. MATERIAL AND METHODS: [corrected] Retrospective study of 20 pregnancies from 16 renal transplant recipients between January 1987 and December 1998. Mean patient age was 30.3 +/- 4 years. Mean time between transplantation and the onset of pregnancy was 56.4 +/- 34.8 months. RESULTS: The main maternal complications were hypertensive disorders (7 cases) of which 3 preeclampsia. The mean gestational age at delivery was 36 +/- 3.1 weeks. Ten patients delivered prematurely of which 9 were induced prematurity. Nine cesarean sections were carried out either for obstetrical reasons or for causes not directly related to the transplantation. The mean neonatal weight was 2386 +/- 644 g with five small for gestational age. We did not observe any acute rejection. The follow up revealed six cases of chronic rejection. None of them seemed directly related to the pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: The course of pregnancy after renal transplantation is generally uncomplicated without increased risk of graft lose. However, a stable renal function and an interval of two years or more after the transplantation are requested before allowing a pregnancy. Hypertension, diabetes mellitus or impaired renal function (creatininemia > 150 mumol/l) are contraindications for pregnancy.
Prematurity and programming of cardiovascular disease risk: a future challenge for public health?; There is substantial epidemiological evidence linking low birth weight with adult cardiometabolic disease risk factors. This has led to the concept of 'early life programming' or the 'developmental origins of disease' which proposes that exposure to adverse conditions during critical stages of early development results in compensatory mechanisms predicted to aid survival. There is growing evidence that preterm infants, many of whom are of low birth weight, are also at increased risk of adult cardiometabolic disease. In this article, we provide a broad overview of the evidence linking preterm birth and cardiovascular disease risk and discuss potential consequences for public health.
Outcomes of screening for diabetes in high-risk Hong Kong Chinese subjects.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the significance of individual risk factors on the development of diabetes in subjects who underwent screening for diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,649 Chinese subjects underwent screening for diabetes. They were asymptomatic but had known risk factors for diabetes, including a positive family history of diabetes, a past history of gestational diabetes, obesity, hypertension, and/or dyslipidemia. Another 799 age-matched subjects from the community who had no risk factors for diabetes were used as the comparison group. RESULTS: Of the 1,649 subjects who underwent screening, 241 (14.6%) had diabetes. In these subjects, 989 (60.0%) had 1 risk factor, 502 (30.4%) had 2 risk factors, 141 (8.6%) had 3 risk factors, and 17 (1.0%) had 4 or 5 risk factors for diabetes. Of the 799 control subjects, 29 (3.6%) had diabetes. Compared with the comparison group, the odds ratio (95% CI) of having diabetes after adjustment for age was 5.2 (3.5-7.7) in the 1,649 subjects with known risk factors. The odds ratio of having diabetes increased from 3.7 in subjects with 1 risk factor to 28.4 in subjects with 4 or 5 risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: In men, age, BMI, family history of diabetes, and dyslipidemia, and in women, age, BMI, hypertension, dyslipidemia, total cholesterol, and history of gestational diabetes are associated with increased odds of developing diabetes. These risk factors have additive effects on the odds of having diabetes. Early and regular screening for diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors is essential in these high-risk individuals.
Maternal Morbidity and Mortality: Are We Getting to the "Heart" of the Matter?; Cardiovascular disease (CVD), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and peripartum cardiomyopathy, is a leading cause of pregnancy-related death in the United States. Women who are African American or American Indian/Alaskan Native, have HDP, are medically underserved, are older, or are obese have a major risk for the onset and/or progression of CVD during and after pregnancy. Paradoxically, women with no preexisting chronic conditions or risk factors also experience significant pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) complications. The question remains whether substantial physiologic stress on the CV system during pregnancy reflected in hemodynamic, hematological, and metabolic changes uncovers subclinical prepregnancy CVD in these otherwise healthy women. Equally important and similarly understudied is the concept that women's long-term CV health could be detrimentally affected by adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and diabetes, and preterm birth. Thus, a critical life span perspective in the assessment of women's CV risk factors is needed to help women and health care providers recognize and appreciate not only optimal CV health but also risk factors present before, during, and after pregnancy. In this review article, we highlight new advancements in understanding adverse, pregnancy-related CV conditions and will discuss promising strategies or interventions for their prevention, diagnosis, and treatment.
Prenatal metformin exposure or organic cation transporter 3 knock-out curbs social interaction preference in male mice.; Poorly managed gestational diabetes can lead to severe complications for mother and child including fetal overgrowth, neonatal hypoglycemia and increased autism risk. Use of metformin to control it is relatively new and promising. Yet safety concerns regarding gestational metformin use remain, as its long-term effects in offspring are unclear. In light of beneficial findings with metformin for adult mouse social behavior, we hypothesized gestational metformin treatment might also promote offspring sociability. To test this, metformin was administered to non-diabetic, lean C57BL/6 J female mice at mating, with treatment discontinued at birth or wean. Male offspring exposed to metformin through birth lost social interaction preference relative to controls by time in chambers, but not by sniffing measures. Further, prenatal metformin exposure appeared to enhance social novelty preference only in females. However due to unbalanced litters and lack of statistical power, firm establishment of any sex-dependency of metformin's effects on sociability was not possible. Since organic cation transporter 3 (OCT3) transports metformin and is dense in placenta, social preferences of OCT3 knock-out males were measured. Relative to wild-type, OCT3 knock-outs had reduced interaction preference. Our data indicate gestational metformin exposure under non-diabetic conditions, or lack of OCT3, can impair social behavior in male C57BL6/J mice. Since OCT3 transports serotonin and tryptophan, impaired placental OCT3 function is one common mechanism that could persistently impact central serotonin systems and social behavior. Yet no gross alterations in serotonergic function were evident by measure of serotonin transporter density in OCT3, or serotonin turnover in metformin-exposed offspring brains. Mechanisms underlying the behavioral outcomes, and if with gestational diabetes the same would occur, remain unclear. Metformin's impacts on placental transporters and serotonin metabolism or AMPK activity in fetal brain need further investigation to clarify benefits and risks to offspring sociability from use of metformin to treat gestational diabetes.
Birth weight, gestational age, and blood pressure: Early life management strategy and population health perspective.; The incidence of hypertension (HTN) is rising worldwide with an estimated prevalence of 22%, 7.5 million deaths (12.8%). It is a major risk factor for coronary heart diseases and hemorrhagic strokes. In Oman, the crude prevalence of HTN was 33.1%, whereas the age-adjusted prevalence was 38.3%. Among Gulf Cooperation Countries, 47.2% of the individuals were hypertensive, and women were more likely to have HTN than men. Similarly, the prevalence of low-birth-weight (LBW) is also rising globally with the more prevalent incidence in developing countries reaching almost a rate just lower than 20.0/100 births. In Oman, the prevalence of LBW was 4.2% in 1980, which doubled (8.1%) in 2000 and has shown a slow but steady increase reaching 10.2% in 2013. LBW term is the most commonly used surrogate measure of intrauterine growth retardation and has been related to increased cardiovascular mortality, due to increased risk of cardiovascular risk factors, including blood pressure (BP), diabetes, cholesterol level, and other risk factors. The epidemiologic evidence clearly points to an inverse association between birth weight and many hemodynamic cardiovascular risk markers. Possible mechanisms operating in fetal life that might determine BP include the structural development of resistance arteries, the setting of hormone levels, and nephron endowment. Retarded fetal growth leads to permanently reduced cell numbers in the kidney. Patients with high BP had almost 50% less number of glomeruli compared to that of the normotensive individuals, and subsequent accelerated growth may lead to excessive metabolic demand on this limited cell mass. It is not merely a reduced nephron number that is responsible for HTN, but compensatory maladaptive changes that occur internally when nephrogenesis is compromised. The likelihood of an adverse outcome is greatly amplified in those born with LBW who later develop obesity or an increased ponderal index.
Effect of anaemia and other maternal characteristics on birthweight.; A cross-sectional study was done on 982 mothers who delivered in four different government hospitals in Metro Manila and whose pregnancy was unassociated with pre-eclampsia, diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, cardiovascular disease, abruptio placenta, placenta praevia and multiple pregnancy. The relationship of birthweight and anaemia and other maternal characteristics was examined by multiple regression analysis. Birthweights did not correlate with maternal haemoglobin levels. However, anaemic mothers showed placental hypertrophy. The hypertrophy is probably a compensatory physiological response to ensure adequate oxygen supply to the fetus. Birthweight increased with gestational age affirming the fact that low birthweight is partly due to shortened gestational age. Haemoglobin level significantly increased with maternal age but decreased with increasing parity.
Thiol-disulfide homeostasis: an integrated approach with biochemical and clinical aspects.; Dynamic thiol-disulfide homeostasis (TDH) is a new area has begun to attract more scrutiny. Dynamic TDH is reversal of thiol oxidation in proteins and represents the status of thiols (-SH) and disulfides (-S-S-). Organic compounds containing the sulfhydryl group is called thiol, composed of sulfur and hydrogen atoms. Disulfides are the most important class of dynamic, redox responsive covalent bonds build in between two thiol groups. For many years, thiol levels were analyzed by several methods. During last years, measurements of disulfide levels have been analyzed by a novel automated method, developed by Erel and Neselioglu. In this method, addition to thiol (termed as native thiol) levels, disulfide levels were also measured and sum of native thiol and disulfide levels were termed as total thiol. Therefore, TDH was begun to be understood in organism. In healthy humans, TDH is maintained within a certain range. Dysregulated dynamic TDH has been implicated several disorders with unknown etiology. A growing body of evidence has demonstrated that the thiol-disulfide homeostasis is involved in variety diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, nonsmall cell lung cancer, familial Mediterranean fever (FMF), inflammatory bowel diseases, occupational diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. These results may elucidate some pathogenic mechanism or may be a predictor indicating diagnostic clue, prognostic marker or therapeutic sign. In conclusion, protection of the thiol-disulfide homeostasis is of great importance for the human being. Evidence achieved so far has proposed that thiol-disulfide homeostasis is an important issue needs to elucidate wholly.
Maternal hemodynamics in normal pregnancies at 11-13 weeks' gestation.; OBJECTIVE: In women with established pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes there is an increase in central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBP(Ao)), pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index (AIx), which are measures of arterial stiffness. The aim of this study was to establish normal ranges for PWV, AIx and SBP(Ao) at 11-13 weeks' gestation and to examine the maternal characteristics which affect these parameters. METHODS: This was a prospective study in singleton pregnancies at 11⁺⁰-13⁺⁶ weeks' gestation. Maternal history and characteristics were recorded and PWV, AIx and SBP(Ao) were measured. Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which of the maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of Alx-75, PWV and SBP(Ao). RESULTS: In normal pregnancies PWV, AIx-75 and SBP(Ao) were related to certain maternal characteristics, including increase with maternal age for AIx-75 and PWV, decrease with maternal height for AIx-75 and increase with maternal weight for PWV and SBP(Ao) and decrease for AIx (p < 0.0001). The median, 5th, 10th, 90th and 95th percentiles for AIx-75 MoM (multiple of the unaffected median), PWV MoM and SBP(Ao) MoM were 1.00, 0.72, 0.79, 1.34 and 1.48; 1.00, 0.77, 0.82, 1.24 and 1.33; and 1.00, 0.86, 0.88, 1.15 and 1.20, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides normal ranges for PWV, AIx and SBP(Ao) at 11-13 weeks' gestation and defines the maternal characteristics which affect these vascular parameters.
Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity under resting conditions and cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents.; BACKGROUND: Activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis has been associated with higher levels of cardiovascular (CVD) risk factors in adults. This study aimed to assess the relation between measures of HPA axis activity under resting conditions and CVD risk factors in a general population of adolescents at 17 years. METHODS: A total of 1134 adolescents from the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study had phenotypic and socio-demographic data. The associations between HPA axis measures (plasma ACTH, total cortisol, calculated free cortisol, corticosteroid binding globulin (CBG), and salivary cortisol) and a range of cardiovascular risk factors were examined using multivariable linear regression models, with adjustment for gender, adiposity, birth weight, gestational age, and socio-behavioural factors. RESULTS: Plasma total cortisol was positively associated with systolic blood pressure (SBP) (p=0.011), total cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides (all p<0.001), and hs-CRP (p=0.047). Salivary cortisol was associated positively with HDL-C (p=0.033) and negatively with LDL-cholesterol (p=0.016); plasma calculated free cortisol was positively associated with triglycerides (p=0.006); plasma CBG was positively associated with total cholesterol and HDL-cholesterol (both p<0.001), LDL-cholesterol (p=0.022), and hs-CRP (p=0.001). After correction for multiple comparisons, significant associations remained for total cortisol with total cholesterol, HDL-C, and triglycerides; for calculated free cortisol with triglycerides; and for CBG with HDL-C, total cholesterol, and hs-CRP. Plasma ACTH was not associated with any cardiovascular risk factor. There was no association between BMI and any measure of HPA axis activity. CONCLUSION: In an adolescent population, HPA axis measures under resting conditions are associated with a range of CVD risk factors. Clarification of the mechanisms underlying these associations in adolescence would be an important step in understanding the evolution of adult CVD.
The association of fetal acidemia with adverse neonatal outcomes at time of scheduled cesarean delivery.; BACKGROUND: Fetal acidemia at the time of a scheduled cesarean delivery is generally unexpected. In the setting of reassuring preoperative monitoring, the duration of fetal acidemia in this scenario is presumably brief. The neonatal sequelae and risks associated with brief fetal acidemia in this setting are unknown. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess whether fetal acidemia at the time of a scheduled prelabor cesarean delivery is associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of singleton, term, nonanomalous, liveborn neonates delivered by scheduled cesarean delivery that was performed under regional anesthesia from 2004 to 2014 at a single tertiary care center with a universal umbilical cord gas policy. Neonates born to laboring gravidas and those whose cesarean delivery was performed for nonreassuring fetal status were excluded. All included patients had reassuring preoperative fetal monitoring. The primary outcome was a composite adverse neonatal outcome that included neonatal death, encephalopathy, therapeutic hypothermia, seizures, intubation, and respiratory distress. This outcome was compared between patients with and those without fetal acidemia (umbilical artery pH <7.2). A multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for confounders. Cases of fetal acidemia were further characterized as respiratory, metabolic, or mixed acidemia based on additional umbilical cord gas values. Secondary analyses examining the association between the type of acidemia and neonatal outcomes were also performed. RESULTS: Of 2081 neonates delivered via scheduled cesarean delivery, 252 (12.1%) had fetal acidemia at the time of delivery. Acidemia was more common in breech neonates and in neonates born to gravidas with obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus. Compared with fetuses with normal umbilical artery pH, those with fetal acidemia were at a significantly increased risk for adverse neonatal outcome (adjusted relative risk, 2.95; 95% confidence interval, 2.03-4.12). This increased risk was similar regardless of the type of acidemia. CONCLUSION: Even a brief period of mild acidemia is associated with adverse neonatal outcomes at the time of a scheduled cesarean delivery despite reassuring preoperative monitoring. Addressing modifiable intraoperative factors that may contribute to fetal acidemia at the time of a scheduled cesarean delivery, such as maternal hypotension and prolonged operative time, is an important priority to potentially decrease neonatal morbidity in full-term gestations.
Fetal brain development in diabetic guinea pigs.; Fetal brain development was investigated near term in guinea pigs rendered diabetic with streptozotocin. The liver and the placenta were used as reference organs. Compared to controls, those fetuses from diabetic animals had normal cerebrum and cerebellum weights, but higher liver and placenta weights in relation to fetal weights. Although liver and placenta cell number (DNA content) was unchanged, it was significantly increased in the fetal cerebrum and cerebellum of diabetics. Although the tissue protein concentration was decreased in the liver and the placenta, it was unchanged and even increased in the cerebrum and cerebellum, respectively. The concentration of myelin (cerebroside-sulfatide) was unchanged in the cerebrum, but it was increased in the cerebellum of diabetic animals. These data suggest that diabetes has a growth-promoting effect on the fetal brain cell number. Furthermore, differences in the protein content between fetal organs may reflect abnormalities in protein metabolism which do not affect the brain during diabetic pregnancies.
Developmental antecedents of cardiovascular disease: a historical perspective.; Knowledge of the fetal antecedents of cardiovascular disease has increased rapidly since the association between low birth weight and the disease was demonstrated 20 yr ago. It now is known that individuals who had low birth weight or who were thin or short at birth are at increased risk for both cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. This has been shown in studies in different countries and cannot be explained by confounding variables. Through clinical and animal studies, the biologic processes that underlie the epidemiologic associations and how their effects are modified by postnatal growth and by living conditions in childhood and adult life are beginning to be understood. One such process is altered renal development, with reduced nephron numbers, which may initiate hypertension.
Prevalence and the influencing factors for critical situation of 6 579 pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: Hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy is a kind of disease that seriously endangers the health of pregnant women and fetuses with high incidence. This study aims to analyze the prevalence of pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy and the influential factors for critical pregnant women, and to provide basis for intervention measures. METHODS: In an institution-based cross-sectional study, 100 683 pregnant women, who gave birth in all maternal and child health hospitals of Hunan Province from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2019, were collected, and 6 579 pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy were monitored. All data were analyzed through SAS9.4 software. The basic situation, clinical data, outcome, and complications of pregnant women were analyzed, and the risk factors for critical pregnant women with hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy were analyzed. RESULTS: The prevalence rate of hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy was increased from 4.3% in 2012 to 7.1% in 2019, and the proportion of hypertensive disorder complicating pregnant women with complications in the hypertensive disorder complicating pregnant women was increased from 28.1% in 2012 to 83.7% in 2019. Elderly pregnant women accounted for 22.2%, married women accounted for 99.9%, women with university degree accounted for 49.5%, one pregnancy accounted for 38%, and zero delivery accounted for 63.5%. In the past, 18.4% of pregnant women had more than one cesarean section, accounting for 18.4%. About 99.0% of pregnant women had 5-10 antenatal check-ups, 72.6% had complications, and 93.8% were terminated when they were discharged. The first 3 complications were anemia in 2 355 cases (29.3%), gestational diabetes in 1 886 cases (23.4%), and subclinical hypothyroidism in 947 cases (11.8%). Logistic regression analysis showed that uterine rupture, placental abruption, placenta previa, anemia, and heart disease were independent risk factors for critical pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy is on the rise. Pregnancy examination should be enhanced to identify the complications such as hypothyroidism, gestational diabetes, and anemia. Prevention and treatment measures should be actively taken for uterine rupture, placental abruption, placenta previa, anemia, and heart disease.
Relationship between Physical Activity and the Metabolic, Inflammatory Axis in Pregnant Participants.; Physical activity (PA) during pregnancy is beneficial for mother and child. Little is known regarding the effects of PA on specific adipokines/myokines and their impact during pregnancy. This study investigates the correlation between PA during late pregnancy, body composition, and maternal levels of leptin, IL-6, and TNF-α at delivery. In a cross-sectional study of 91 pregnant participants (mean age 33.9 ± 4.6 years) without gestational diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia, anthropometric data and blood samples were taken at delivery. PA during the third trimester was measured via the Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire. Activities were ranked by intensity: sedentary (<1.5 metabolic equivalent (METs)), light (1.5-3.0 METs), moderate (3.0-6.0 METs), and vigorous activity (>6.0 METs). Leptin at delivery correlated positively with body composition and negatively with light PA intensity. Sedentary behaviour showed a positive correlation with IL-6 levels at delivery. Moderate activity during the last trimester, sedentary activity levels, and body composition had the greatest influence on maternal IL-6 at delivery. Completed weeks of pregnancy, moderate and light PA, and sedentary activity had the greatest influence on maternal TNF-α at delivery. PA during late pregnancy potentially affects circulating (adipo-)/myokines. Further studies are needed to examine causal relationships and the impact on maternal and new-born health.
Secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization among women with congenital heart disease.; BACKGROUND: The number of women with congenital heart disease (CHD) of reproductive age is increasing, yet a description of trends in pregnancy and delivery outcomes in this population is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To assess secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization in the adult female CHD population in Quebec, Canada. METHODS: The Quebec CHD database was used to construct a cohort with all women with CHD aged 18-45 years between 1992 and 2004. Pregnancy and delivery rates were determined yearly and compared to the general population. Secular trends in pregnancy and delivery rates were assessed with linear regression. The cesarean delivery rate in the CHD population was compared to the general population. Predictors of cesarean section were determined with multivariable logistic regression. Cox regression, adjusted for comorbidities, was used to analyze the impact of cesarean sections on 1-year health care use following delivery. RESULTS: About 14 878 women were included. A total of 10 809 pregnancies were identified in 5641 women, of whom 4551 (80%) and 2528 (45%) experienced at least one delivery and/or abortion, respectively. Absolute yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries increased during the study period (P < .05). The increment in cesarean section rates was more pronounced among women with CHD than among the general population. Gestational diabetes (OR 1.50, 95% CI [1.13, 1.99]), gestational hypertension (OR 1.81, 95% CI [1.27, 2.57]), and preeclampsia (OR 1.59, 95% CI [1.11, 2.8]) were independent predictors of cesarean delivery. Cesarean sections were associated with postpartum cardiac-hospitalization within 1 year following delivery (HR = 2.35, 95% CI [1.05, 5.28]). CONCLUSIONS: Yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries in adult females with CHD rose significantly during the study period. Cesarean sections led to increased health care utilization. Further research is required to determine causes of high cesarean section rates in this patient population.
Adverse consequences of accelerated neonatal growth: cardiovascular and renal issues.; Epidemiological and experimental studies show that the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases at adulthood is inversely related to the weight at birth. Although with less evidence, low birth weight has been suggested to increase the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD). It is well established that the developmental programming of arterial hypertension and of renal disease involves in particular renal factors, especially nephron endowment, which is reduced in low birth weight and maternal diabetes situations. Experimental studies, especially in rodents, have demonstrated the long-term influence of postnatal nutrition and/or postnatal growth on cardiovascular, metabolic and renal functions, while human data are scarce on this issue. Vascular and renal diseases appear to have a "multihits" origin, with reduced nephron number the initial hit and rapid postnatal growth the second hit. This review addresses the current understanding of the role of the kidney, both as a mechanism and as a target, in the developmental origins of adult disease theory, with a particular focus on the long-term effects of postnatal growth and nutrition.
Epidemiology and outcomes of peripartum cardiomyopathy in the United States: findings from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample.; AIMS: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is defined as systolic heart failure within the last month of pregnancy or 5 months after delivery in the absence of any identifiable cause of heart failure. We aimed to investigate the prevalence of PPCM and predictors of in-hospital mortality in patients with PPCM. METHODS: We analyzed patients with diagnosis of PPCM from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample database using the Ninth Revision of International Classification of Diseases (ICD-9) from 2009 to 2010. We categorized PPCM (n = 4871) into three groups of presentation based on their ICD-9 codes: antepartum (674.53; n = 189), peripartum (674.51, 674.52; n = 887) and postpartum (674.54; n = 3741). RESULTS: PPCM was more common in African-Americans (43.9%) as compared with white (40.8%), Hispanic (8.7%) and Asian (2.7%) women. Hypertensive disorders were classified as pre-existing hypertension (31.6%), gestational hypertension (3.7%), preeclampsia (9.9%), eclampsia (2.4%) and preeclampsia/eclampsia superimposed on hypertension (3.1%). Among different ethnicities, pre-existing hypertension (1 : 2.3) and diabetes (1 : 10.4) were more prevalent in African-Americans, whereas preeclampsia (1 : 4.3) and premature labor (1 : 5.4) were more common in Asians. In-hospital mortality rate was 1.8%, with 2.1% in the postpartum and 0.5% in the peripartum group. Asians had the highest mortality (8.3%). In multimodel regression analysis, Asians [odds ratio (OR) 9.68, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-83.9, P = 0.03] and length of stay (OR 1.06, 95% CI 1.03-1.10, P < 0.01) were associated with increased mortality, whereas white women were associated with reduced mortality (OR 0.10, 95% CI 0.02-0.59, P = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Although PPCM was prevalent in African-Americans, Asians had higher in-hospital mortality, increased prevalence of preeclampsia and premature labor. Also, mortality rate was significantly higher in the postpartum group.
Change in plasma a disintegrin and metalloprotease with thrombospondin type-1 repeats-13 and von Willebrand factor levels in venous thromboembolic patients.; OBJECTIVES: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is an important cause of morbidity and mortality. A disintegrin and metalloprotease with thrombospondin type-1 repeats-13 (ADAMTS-13) is a metalloprotease that cleaves plasma von Willebrand factor (VWF) multimers. The presence of large VWF multimers in the plasma due to ADAMTS-13 deficiency is the main factor in the pathogenesis of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura. The present study aimed to investigate the relation of plasma levels of ADAMTS-13 and VWF antigen with VTE. METHODS: The present study included 30 patients with VTE and age- and gender-matched 30 healthy subjects. Patients with any condition (diabetes, icterus, hyperlipidemia, physical, or surgical trauma, acute coronary syndrome, pregnancy, renal insufficiency, liver disease, malignancy, collagen tissue disease, chronic or acute inflammation, drug use affecting thrombocyte function) that could affect plasma VWF antigen or ADAMTS-13 levels were excluded. Plasma ADAMTS-13 and VWF antigen levels in the VTE and control groups were quantitatively determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay method. RESULTS: The median ADAMTS-13 level was 280 ng/ml (minimum-maximum, 70-1120 ng/ml) in the VTE group and 665 ng/ml (minimum-maximum, 350-2500 ng/ml) in the control group; the difference between the groups was significant (P < 0.0001). The mean VWF antigen level was 1750 ± 616 mU/ml in the patient group, which was significantly higher than that of the control group (950 ± 496 mU/ml) (P < 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Significantly lower ADAMTS-13 levels and significantly higher VWF antigen levels were concluded to be the result of a pathological process rather than an etiological factor for VTE.
Pertussis Immunisation in Pregnancy Safety (PIPS) Study: A retrospective cohort study of safety outcomes in pregnant women vaccinated with Tdap vaccine.; BACKGROUND: New Zealand has funded the administration of tetanus, diphtheria and acellular pertussis (Tdap) vaccine during pregnancy to prevent infant pertussis since 2013. The aim of this study was to assess the safety of Tdap vaccine administered to pregnant women as part of a national maternal immunisation programme. METHODS: We conducted a national retrospective observational study using linked administrative New Zealand datasets. The study population consisted of pregnant women eligible to receive funded Tdap vaccination from 28 to 38 weeks gestation in 2013. Primary study outcomes were based on prioritised adverse events for the assessment of vaccine safety in pregnant women, as defined by WHO and Brighton Collaboration taskforces. We examined the effect of Tdap vaccination on prioritised maternal outcomes using Cox proportional hazard models. Adjusted hazard ratios controlled for key confounding variables. RESULTS: In the cohort of 68,550 women eligible to receive funded antenatal Tdap vaccination during 2013, 8178 (11.9%) were vaccinated and 60,372 (88.1%) were unvaccinated. The use of Tdap in pregnancy was not associated with an increase in the rate of primary outcomes, including preterm labour; pre-eclampsia; pre-eclampsia with severe features; eclampsia; gestational hypertension; fetal growth restriction; or post-partum haemorrhage. Tdap also did not increase secondary outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus; antenatal bleeding; placental abruption; premature rupture of membranes; preterm delivery; fetal distress; chorioamnionitis; or, maternal fever during or after labour. Lactation disorders was the only secondary maternal outcome with a significantly increased hazard ratio. Tdap vaccine had a protective effect on pre-eclampsia with severe features, preterm labour, preterm delivery, and antenatal bleeding. CONCLUSION: We did not detect any biologically plausible adverse maternal outcomes following Tdap vaccination during pregnancy. This study provides further assurance that Tdap administration during pregnancy is not associated with unexpected safety risks.
[Cardiovascular diseases and periodontal diseases].; Accumulated evidence has strongly suggested that the long-term effects of periodontal diseases can be linked to more serious systemic conditions such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and complications of pregnancy. Especially, a prevalence of coronary heart disease was found to be significantly increased in patients with periodontitis after adjusting for risk factors such as smoking, diabetes, alcohol intake, obesity, and blood pressure. Furthermore, various studies have shown that Porphyromonas gingivalis, a major periodontal pathogen, is able to exacerbate atherosclerosis following oral-hematogenous spread due to the bacteremia. By P. gingivalis, endothelial cells activate and upregulate various adhesion molecules, thus increasing the likelihood of macrophage diapedesis and subsequent conversion to foam cells thus furthering athroma progression. These findings likely indicate the tight relationship between periodontitis/periodontal pathogens and cardiovascular diseases.
Prematurity and intrauterine growth retardation--double jeopardy?; Premature infants born with IUGR are at a several-fold increased risk for mortality and major neonatal morbidities, including RDS, BPD, ROP, and NEC. These severe complications of prematurity are intensified by the effect of suboptimal fetal growth. The possible pathophysiologic processes initiated in utero and continuing after birth have been discussed. Recently reported data suggest that IUGR is a risk factor in programming for the later development of cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus in adult life. Experimental research related to the pathophysiology and etiology of these conditions may enable appropriate intervention directed at reducing the excess risk associated with the short- and long-term mortality and morbidity among premature SGA infants.
Burden and spectrum of disease in people with diabetes in Tonga.; SETTING: National Diabetes Centre, Tonga. OBJECTIVE: To describe the diabetes patient profile and disease spectrum, assess the impact of diabetic care and evaluate diabetes-attributable adverse outcomes. DESIGN: Retrospective descriptive study of patients registered in the National Diabetes Registry from its inception in May 2004 to 2012, and review of the National Deaths Registry (2011-2012). RESULTS: Of 4653 patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) identified, 95.8% had type 2 DM, 0.2% type 1, 1.2% gestational DM and 2.9% pre-DM. Of the 4409 patients with type 2 DM, 64.7% were female, 82.7% were aged ⩾40 years, 25.3% had hypertension and 53.3% were obese. Among those in care for >2 years, no positive impact on body mass index or glycosylated haemoglobin could be demonstrated, but there was significant improvement in hypertension control. Morbidity included lower limb amputations in 272 (6.1%) patients. DM was listed as a contributory cause of death due to sepsis (15/30, 50.0%), kidney failure (16/28, 57.1%), stroke (7/16, 43.8%) and ischaemic heart disease (20/59, 33.9%). CONCLUSION: DM was associated with high levels of morbidity and mortality. DM care improved hypertension control, but had little impact on other comorbid conditions. Enhanced monitoring and greater patient involvement should improve care; creative strategies are required to prevent and reduce obesity.
Effectiveness of a nurse practitioner-led cardiovascular prevention clinic at reduction of metabolic syndrome following maternal complications of pregnancy: a preliminary analysis.; AIM: Maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with increased risk of future cardiometabolic disease. Lifestyle interventions that focus on preventative strategies for this young, high-risk population of women may assist in cardiometabolic disease risk reduction. The aim of this preliminary registry analysis was to observe the change in maternal metabolic syndrome status after receiving a nurse practitioner-led lifestyle intervention delivered soon after a complicated pregnancy. METHOD: This preliminary analysis included 64 eligible women who had attended both baseline (approximately 6 months postpartum) and review (approximately eighteen months postpartum) appointments at the postpartum lifestyle clinic after an index pregnancy complicated by at least one maternal complication of pregnancy. Metabolic syndrome status at both appointments was assessed. RESULTS: At the baseline appointment, 22 (34.4%) women met the criteria for metabolic syndrome. This number reduced at the review appointment to 19 (29.7%). This difference was not statistically significant. There were some modest improvements in the individual cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as marked improvements in the women who had recovered from metabolic syndrome over twelve months. CONCLUSION: There was a high percentage of metabolic syndrome present early in the postpartum period. The results of this preliminary analysis highlight the importance of continuing preventative care and ongoing research for this group of high-risk women.
The Implication of Diabetes-Specialized Nurses in Aiming for the Better Treatment and Management of Patients with Diabetes Mellitus: A Brief Narrative Review.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is regarded as one of the most critical public health challenges of the 21st century. It has evolved into a burgeoning epidemic since the last century, and today ranks among the major causes of mortality worldwide. Diabetes specialist nurses (DSNs) are central to good patient care and outcomes including confident self-care management. Evidence shows that DSNs are cost-effective, improve clinical outcomes, and reduce length of stay in hospital. In this brief narrative review, we aim to describe the roles of DSNs and their contribution in the treatment and management of patients with DM. This narrative review describes the importance of DSNs in healthcare practice, in the inpatient and outpatient departments, in the pediatrics department, in managing diabetic foot ulcers, in the treatment and management of gestational diabetes, in prescribing medications for DM and in diabetes self-management education on glycosylated hemoglobin, and cardiovascular risk factors. To conclude, DSNs have a crucial role in the treatment and management of patients with DM and its complications. DSNs have a great impact on diabetes therapy, and hence implementation of DSNs and nurse-led diabetic clinics might be beneficial for the health care system. Finally, having DSNs might significantly contribute to good healthcare practice and support. Even though DSNs are not available in several regions around the globe, and even though this post is still new to several health care institutions, the presence of DSNs recognized and certified by the various healthcare systems would be very useful.
Use of artificial intelligence in obstetrics: not quite ready for prime time.; Artificial intelligence is finding several applications in healthcare settings. This study aimed to report evidence on the effectiveness of artificial intelligence application in obstetrics. Through a narrative review of literature, we described artificial intelligence use in different obstetrical areas as follows: prenatal diagnosis, fetal heart monitoring, prediction and management of pregnancy-related complications (preeclampsia, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, and placenta accreta spectrum), and labor. Artificial intelligence seems to be a promising tool to help clinicians in daily clinical activity. The main advantages that emerged from this review are related to the reduction of inter- and intraoperator variability, time reduction of procedures, and improvement of overall diagnostic performance. However, nowadays, the diffusion of these systems in routine clinical practice raises several issues. Reported evidence is still very limited, and further studies are needed to confirm the clinical applicability of artificial intelligence. Moreover, better training of clinicians designed to use these systems should be ensured, and evidence-based guidelines regarding this topic should be produced to enhance the strengths of artificial systems and minimize their limits.
Relationship of hepatocyte growth factor in human umbilical vein serum to gestational age in normal pregnancies.; Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is expressed in placental syncitium and fetal organs and acts as a mitogen, motogen, and morphogen in vitro, suggesting a role in fetal growth and development. We aimed to examine the correlates of serum HGF in human cord blood. HGF was measured by ELISA using recombinant human HGF and mouse MAb to recombinant human HGF (Immunology Institute, Tokyo). Umbilical vein blood was collected prospectively at 148 deliveries including 94 normal pregnancies and 54 pregnancies complicated by medical conditions, primarily diabetes mellitus and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Growth parameters, gestation, pregnancy history, and perinatal events were recorded. Sera from 54 adolescents and 32 adult controls were also analyzed. Cord HGF [0.97 (0.66-1.33) ng/mL] [median (25-75 percentile)] was higher than HGF levels in adolescent sera [0.28 (0.21-0.35) ng/mL, p < 0.0001] and adult control sera [0.23 (0.14-0.31) ng/mL, p < 0.0001]. Cord HGF correlated with gestational age (r = 0.42, p = 0.0001) in normal pregnancies, with term babies (n = 69) having higher cord HGF than babies less than 37 wk of gestation (n = 25) [1.11 (0.78-1.45), 0.78 (0.46-1.03) ng/mL, p = 0.0007]. However, there was no relationship between gestation and cord HGF in complicated pregnancies. Cord HGF did not differ at term between appropriate for gestational age babies and small for gestational age babies. There were no independent correlations between cord HGF and birth weight, birth length and placental weight. We provide evidence for the first time that cord HGF levels are high and relate to gestation in normal pregnancies. HGF may have a significant role in fetal development during pregnancy.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy with a severe maternal complication: a case report.; Cushing's syndrome (CS) in pregnancy may be confused with a complication of pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes. We managed a case of CS in pregnancy that was considered to be severe pre-eclampsia due to uncontrolled hypertension. The fetus was delivered via emergency cesarean section at 31 weeks' gestation because of severe pre-eclampsia and pulmonary edema. The parturient was admitted to the intensive care unit for severe maternal complications, including pulmonary hemorrhage, acute renal failure, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, and congestive heart failure. A spine magnetic resonance image and 99m-technetium whole-body scan obtained postpartum showed multiple thoracolumbar spine compression fractures (Deleted; t-2,5,8,10,11, and -12; and L-1,2,3,4, and -5), multiple rib fractures, and a left iliac bone fracture due to osteoporosis. As a result of diagnosing CS after delivery, an adrenal cortical adenoma of the right adrenal gland was demonstrated and a laparoscopic adrenalectomy was successfully performed.
Indications of Fetal Echocardiography and Detection of Congenital Heart Disease Prenatally in Tertiary Care Hospital.; Background Congenital Heart Diseases are common childhood congenital anomalies encountered in developed and developing countries. Due to the improved prenatal diagnostic modalities, the diagnosis of cardiac disease is increasing in newborns. Fetal echocardiography is considered a good and accurate diagnostic method for congenital heart disease. Objective To study the common indications of fetal echocardiography and the detection of congenital heart disease in Dhulikhel Hospital, Kathmandu University Hospital. Method In this hospital-based, retrospective study, we reviewed medical records of 324 fetuses who were indicated for fetal echocardiography at Dhulikhel Hospital over 24 months period of time (September 1, 2017 to August 31, 2019). Result The mean age of pregnant women at presentation for fetal echocardiography was 30.7 ± 4.7 years. The mean gestational age at diagnosis was 28.9 ± 4.9 weeks. Among all the pregnant women, 208 (65%) presented during the second trimester and 112 (35%) presented during the third trimester. Maternal indications for fetal echocardiography were seen in48.12% cases, whereas fetal indications were seen in 42.81% cases. The most common indication was for maternal gestational diabetes (30.31%). Among the 324fetal echocardiography results, 65.43% cases had normal findings, echogenic intra-cardiac foci were seen in 18.82% and significant abnormal findings were seen in 15.74% of cases. Among all women having maternal indication for echocardiography, 34 (22.07%) fetus had some form of abnormal findings, whereas only 17 (12.40%) fetus with fetal indication showed abnormal findings (p < 0.05). Conclusion Indication of fetal echocardiography is increasing and can be a good diagnostic tool to improve prognosis and outcome of a newborn. It has become widely used in pediatric cardiology. Raising awareness is necessary regarding the importance of fetal echocardiography in the management and outcome of a newborn with cardiac anomalies.
Low testosterone at age 31 associates with maternal obesity and higher body mass index from childhood until age 46: A birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Low testosterone (T) levels in men associate with increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases. However, most studies are cross-sectional with follow-up-time < 10 years, and data on early growth are limited. OBJECTIVE: To compare prenatal factors and body mass index (BMI) development from birth to age 46 in relation to low T at age 31. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Men with low T (T < 12.1 nmol/L, n = 132) and men with normal T at age 31 (n = 2561) were derived from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966. Prenatal factors, longitudinal weight and height data from birth to age 14, and cross-sectional weight and height data at ages 31 and 46, and waist-hip-ratio (WHR) and T levels at age 31 were analyzed. Longitudinal modeling and timing of adiposity rebound (AR, second BMI rise at age 5-7 years) were calculated from fitted BMI curves. Results were adjusted for mother's pre-pregnancy BMI and smoking status, birth weight for gestational age, alcohol consumption, education level, smoking status, and WHR at age 31. RESULTS: Neither gestational age nor birth weight was associated with low T at age 31; however, maternal obesity during gestation was more prevalent among men with low T (9.8% vs. 3.5%, adjusted aOR: 2.43 [1.19-4.98]). Men with low T had earlier AR (5.28 vs. 5.82, aOR: 0.73 [0.56-0.94]) and higher BMI (p < 0.001) from AR onward until age 46. Men with both early AR and low T had the highest BMI from AR onward. CONCLUSIONS: In men, maternal obesity and early weight gain associate with lower T levels at age 31, independently of adulthood abdominal obesity. Given the well-known health risks related to obesity, and the rising prevalence of maternal obesity, the results of the present study emphasize the importance of preventing obesity that may also affect the later reproductive health of the offspring.
Association of Improved Periconception Hemoglobin A1c With Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Diabetes.; IMPORTANCE: Prepregnancy diabetes is associated with higher perinatal and maternal morbidity, especially if periconception glycemic control is suboptimal. It is not known whether improved glycemic control from preconception to early pregnancy and midpregnancy periods can reduce the risk of adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether a net decline in glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) from preconception to the first half of pregnancy is associated with a lower risk of adverse outcomes for mother and child. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This population-based cohort study was completed in all of Ontario, Canada, from 2007 to 2018. Included were births among women with prepregnancy diabetes whose HbA1c was measured within 90 days preconception and again from conception through 21 weeks completed gestation (early pregnancy to midpregnancy). Statistical analysis was performed from July to September 2020. EXPOSURES: Net decrease in HbA1c from preconception to early pregnancy and midpregnancy. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The main outcome was a congenital anomaly from birth to age 1 year. Other outcomes included preterm birth or perinatal mortality among offspring as well as severe maternal morbidity (SMM) or death among mothers. Adjusted relative risks (aRRs) were calculated per 0.5% absolute net decline in HbA1c from preconception up to early pregnancy and midpregnancy, adjusting for maternal age at conception, preconception HbA1c and hemoglobin concentration, and gestational age at HbA1c measurement. RESULTS: A total of 3459 births were included, with a mean (SD) maternal age of 32.6 (5.0) years at conception. Overall, the mean (SD) HbA1c decreased from 7.2% (1.6%) preconception to 6.4% (1.1%) in early pregnancy to midpregnancy. There were 497 pregnancies (14.4%) with a congenital anomaly, with an aRR of 0.94 (95% CI, 0.89-0.98) per 0.5% net decrease in HbA1c, including for cardiac anomalies (237 infants; aRR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.84-0.95). The risk was also reduced for preterm birth (847 events; aRR, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.86-0.91). SMM or death occurred among 191 women (5.5%), with an aRR of 0.90 (95% CI, 0.84-0.96) per 0.5% net decrease in HbA1c. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that women with prepregnancy diabetes who achieve a reduction in HbA1c may have improved perinatal and maternal outcomes. Further study is recommended to determine the best combination of factors, such as lifestyle changes and/or glucose-lowering medications, that can influence periconception HbA1c reduction.
Sleep disorders in Pregnancy: Glycaemic implications.; Sleep is one of the essential biorhythms of the body that helps in optimum restoration of many body functions. The sleep-wake cycle is determined by the circadian centre and is responsible for the anabolic functions in the body. Infants require about 14 to 18 hours of sleep per day, which reduces gradually to about 8 hours in adults. Urbanization and evolutionary changes have altered the sleep hygiene and shortened the sleep duration. This lead to various sleep disorders like sleep disordered breathing, insomnia and narcolepsy. Sleep disorders lead to adverse cardio-metabolic consequences, including insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia. Pregnancy poses an enormous burden on the homeostasis of the women with alteration in many physiological functions. The sleep disorders during pregnancy lead to adverse foeto-maternal outcomes with long term cardiovascular implications. In this article, I review the pathophysiology of sleep disorders during pregnancy and their glycaemic implications.
Impact of Gender on Type II Diabetes Glycemic and Cardiovascular Markers Control and Treatment.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Type II Diabetes (T2D) is considered a major health burden locally, regionally and internationally. Gender differences in T2D prevalence were found in several epidemiological and observational studies. The primary goal of this study was to assess the prevalence of T2D-related comorbidities and treatment modalities and the impact of gender. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study that was conducted between June of 2013 and July of 2016 for patients with T2D at the 2 main outpatient diabetes clinics in Taif city, Saudi Arabia. Those with type I diabetes, gestational diabetes and drug-induced diabetes were excluded. RESULT: A total of 945 patients with a mean age of 58.4±11.8 years with a nearly equal distribution among both genders but with slightly more male predominance (52.2%). When compared to females, male patients were more likely to be older (p<0.001) and exhibit a longer T2D duration (P 0.003), lower mean BMI (p<0.001), lower systolic blood pressure (P 0.062), higher diastolic blood pressure (P 0.468), less likely to have hypertension and be on ACE/ARB blockers (P 0.065 and 0.019, respectively), more likely to have hyperlipidemia and be on a statin (P 0.065 and 0.124, respectively), and more likely to have cardiac disease and stroke and to be on beta-blockers (P 0.005, 0.279, 0.005, respectively). CONCLUSION: Both genders exhibited comparable HbA1c levels. Medical treatment optimization along with controlling both measured cardiovascular makers and laboratory result levels was based on comorbidities and complications rather than gender.
Placental elasticity evaluation using virtual touch tissue quantification during pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: Virtual touch tissue quantification (VTTQ) has been developed to evaluate tissue elasticity. Our previous study using delivered placentas showed increased elasticity in fetal growth restriction (FGR). Therefore, we investigated changes in placental elasticity during pregnancy, including complicated pregnancies. METHODS: Based on complications, 199 women were divided into 5 groups (normal, FGR, pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), diabetes mellitus and collagen disease), and shear wave velocity (SWV) of the placenta, measured using VTTQ, was compared. A cross-sectional study was performed with the 143 normal cases to construct the reference range. The association between placental SWV and the expression ratio of collagen fibers in the placenta stained with Masson's trichrome was determined. RESULTS: The SWV was safely measured for all participants. The correlation between SWV and gestational weeks was not significant. The mean ± SD SWVs in the normal, FGR, and PIH groups were 0.98 ± 0.21, 1.28 ± 0.39, and 1.60 ± 0.45 m/sec, respectively. The FGR and PIH groups had significantly higher SWVs than that of the normal group. SWV and the expression ratio of collagen fibers were significantly correlated. DISCUSSION: Based on the present findings, changes in SWV during pregnancy were associated with placental fibrosis, and increased SWV in PIH and/or FGR cases might be influenced by infarction, ischemic changes, and inflammation, as well as fibrosis. In conclusion, the measurement of placental SWV is potentially useful to evaluate the condition of the placenta during pregnancy.
Plasma levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine in premature neonates: its possible involvement in developmental programming of chronic diseases.; AIM: The endothel dysfunction in early life may play a role in developmental programming of cardiovascular morbidity. The changes of dimethylarginines' plasma levels during the first month among preterm infants and their determinants had been investigated in our study. METHODS: Twenty preterm infants of healthy mothers were studied. Mean (+/-SD) birth weight and gestational age were 919.5 +/- 235.5 g and 26.7 +/- 1.6 weeks, respectively. Blood samples were taken by venipuncture at the 3rd, 7th, 14th, 21st and 28th days. Plasma concentrations of L-arginine, asymmetric and symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA) were measured by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry method, evaluated by multivariate linear regression analysis. RESULTS: L-arginine (p < 0.001) and asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels (p < 0.001) were positively associated with postnatal age. ADMA levels were negatively correlated with gestational age (p = 0.007), dopamine-need on the 3rd day of life (p = 0.015) and late infection (p = 0.038). The higher birth weight was associated with higher L-arginine (p = 0.052) and ADMA (p = 0.002) concentrations. The dopamine-need on the 7th day of life had a significant effect on postnatal elevation of SDMA levels (p = 0.035). CONCLUSION: The progressive increase of ADMA levels described by our study among preterm infants suggests that early endothel dysfunction may take part in developmental programming of chronic adult diseases.
Effects of periodontal disease on glycemic control, complications, and incidence of diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders with high mortality and morbidity associated with complications such as cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, and stroke. The prevalence of diabetes is 9.4% in US adults, and prevalence increases markedly with age, with 1 in 4 adults aged ≥65 years affected by diabetes. The estimated number of adults with type 2 diabetes globally almost tripled between 2002 and 2017, reflecting increases seen in the USA and elsewhere. This increase raises concerns about the increased morbidity and mortality associated with the complications of diabetes, including periodontal disease and tooth loss. There is a reciprocal adverse relationship between diabetes and periodontal disease, with diabetes as a major risk factor for periodontal disease, and in those patients with diabetes who also have periodontal disease then there are adverse effects on glycemic control and complications such as cardiovascular disease and end stage renal disease. In this review, those studies detailing the adverse effects of periodontal disease and diabetes will be discussed. Also, evidence is accumulating that periodontitis may play a role in increasing the incidence of new cases of type 2 diabetes, and possibly gestational diabetes. Of course, these studies need to be expanded to better understand the effects of periodontitis on diabetes glycemic control, complications, prediabetes, and the incidence of new cases. However, given the tremendous burden of diabetes on society, the dental profession should be proactive in preventing and treating periodontal disease, not only to preserve the dentition, but also to minimize the adverse effects of periodontitis on diabetes and its complications.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future maternal cardiovascular disease.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in women. Although traditional risk factors increase later-life CVD, pregnancy-associated complications additionally influence future CVD risk in women. Recent guidelines for the prevention of CVD in women have added adverse pregnancy outcomes as major CVD risk factors. Studies have shown that women with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant have an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic risk factors and subsequent CVD. A history of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes further increases this risk. It has been suggested that these pregnancy complications may unmask preexisting elevated CVD risk; however, whether the pathophysiologic changes underlying these conditions directly result in long-term cardiovascular damage is unclear. The purpose of this review was to highlight the associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and future CVD, and to emphasize the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing a woman's CVD risk. Targeted efforts to initiate screening and risk-reduction strategies in women with prior history of pregnancy complications, particularly lifestyle modification, may help decrease the burden of CVD in women.
Association Between Gestational Hypertension and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease Among 617 589 Norwegian Women.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (GH) are the most common hypertensive pregnancy disorders. Preeclampsia has been linked to increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but a similar association for GH has not been established. We aimed to determine the association between GH and subsequent CVD, and explore the additional role of small-for-gestational-age infants, preterm delivery, and parity. METHODS AND RESULTS: Data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway were linked to the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project and the Norwegian Cause of Death Registry. Hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals were computed using Cox proportional hazard regression, comparing women with and without GH during their first and/or second pregnancy. We included all women with a first delivery from 1980 through 2009 (n=617 589) and followed them for a median of 14.3 (quartile 1-quartile 3: 6.9-21.5) years. Women with GH in the first pregnancy had 1.8-fold (95% confidence interval, 1.7-2.0) higher risk of subsequent CVD compared with women without any hypertensive pregnancy disorder. When GH occurred in combination with small-for-gestational-age infants and/or preterm delivery, the hazard ratio was 2.6 (95% confidence interval, 2.3-3.0). When women with GH were compared with women with preeclampsia, the risk of CVD was comparable when the pregnancy complications occurred in either the first or second pregnancy but was significantly higher for preeclampsia without complications when the disorder occurred in both pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: GH was associated with increased risk of subsequent CVD, and the highest risk was observed when GH was combined with small-for-gestational-age infants and/or preterm delivery.
Neonatal and pregnancy complications following maternal depression or antidepressant exposure: A population-based, retrospective birth cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Depression is common during pregnancy, and antidepressants are often prescribed for treatment. However, depression and antidepressant use both increase the risk of neonatal and pregnancy complications. To separately evaluate the effects of antidepressant use and the underlying depression on pregnancy and neonatal complications by using a robust statistical method to control for confounding by indication. METHODS: All study data were obtained from Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Pregnant women were divided into three groups: those with no depression and no antidepressant exposure(n = 1619,198), depression and no antidepressant exposure(n = 2006), and depression and antidepressant exposure(n = 7857). Antidepressant exposure was further divided into that before pregnancy and during each trimester. RESULTS: Mothers with depression but no antidepressant exposure exhibited increased risks of intrauterine growth restriction and preterm delivery, compared with mothers without depression. In mothers with depression, antidepressant exposure before pregnancy or during the first trimester conferred increased risks of gestational diabetes mellitus, malpresentation, preterm delivery and cardiovascular anomalies, compared with no antidepressant exposure. Moreover, antidepressant exposure during the second or third trimester conferred increased risks of anemia, a low Apgar score, preterm delivery and genitourinary defects. However, antidepressants administered before pregnancy and during all trimesters did not increase the risk of stillbirth. CONCLUSION: Depression and antidepressant treatment for depression during pregnancy may individually increase the risks of some neonatal and pregnancy complications. Physicians should thoroughly consider the risks and benefits for both the mother and fetus when treating depression during pregnancy by using antidepressants.
Umbilical cord pH, PCO2, and bicarbonate following uncomplicated term vaginal deliveries.; Normal values for umbilical arterial and venous pH, PCO2, PO2, and bicarbonate must be known before these parameters can be used for assistance in clinical decisions. We evaluated the cord blood from 146 infants born after uncomplicated labor and vaginal deliveries at 37 to 42 weeks' gestation. All infants had a normal baseline fetal heart rate and normal beat-to-beat variability for at least 10 minutes preceding expulsion. The cord blood of infants born to women with pregnancy complications such as diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, twins, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, or fetal growth retardation was not included. Mean umbilical arterial values +/- 1 SD for the parameters studied were: pH, 7.28 +/- 0.05; PCO2, 49.2 +/- 8.4 mm Hg; PO2, 18.0 +/- 6.2 mm Hg; bicarbonate, 22.3 +/- 2.5 mEq/L. Umbilical venous values were: pH, 7.35 +/- 0.05; PCO2, 38.2 +/- 5.6 mm Hg; PO2, 29.2 +/- 5.9 mm Hg; bicarbonate, 20.4 +/- 4.1 mEq/L.
Exercise in therapy and prevention of type II diabetes. Implications for blacks.; The rationale for the use of exercise in the treatment of type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and its special implications for Blacks are reviewed herein. When performed on a regular basis, exercise may improve glycemic control and improve several risk factors for coronary heart disease including hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension, and hyperinsulinemia. In addition, it may be a useful adjunct to diet in producing weight loss. The metabolic benefits of exercise in part appear to be related to its ability to enhance insulin sensitivity. Benefits are short lived after discontinuing exercise. Because of problems with compliance and concurrent medical problems, many patients with type II diabetes are not good candidates for an exercise-diet program. For this reason, the optimum target population may be people at risk for type II diabetes and premature atherosclerosis. Such a population might include the offspring of patients with these disorders and individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, gestational diabetes, and/or an android pattern of fat distribution. Type II diabetes is more common in Blacks than in the general population. In most instances, it is associated with cardiovascular risk factors benefited by exercise. Despite this, there are no available studies regarding the effects of regular exercise in Blacks with type II diabetes or those at risk for it.
[The significance of beta-3 adrenergic receptor polymorphism in excessive body gain and obesity development in pregnant women].; The current knowledge allows for the definition of the genetic factors contributing to pathological body mass gain and obesity development. One of the possible candidates is the gene of beta3-adrenergic receptor (ADRB3). Due to the fact that the basic function of this receptor is the induction of thermogenesis process and an increase of energy expenditure, the significance of Trp64Arg polymorphism of ADRB3 gene in disturbances of metabolic processes, which may induce disturbances of adipocytes function and lead to excessive body mass gain, obesity and early beginning of diseases connected with obesity (dyslipidemia, obesity, chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus type II), has been suggested. The investigations performed in pregnant women concern, in the majority of cases, women with obesity, diabetes mellitus and gestational hypertension. These studies indicate the possible correlation of higher value of body mass index (BMI) with the presence of mutated 64Arg allele. In healthy pregnant women the relationship between Trp64Arg polymorphism of ADRB3 receptor and body gain has been suggested. Additionally, in female carries of the mutated 64Arg allele, a higher placenta mass and birth mass of newborns have been noted. This publication is merely single voice in the discussion because only one cause of excessive body gain and obesity presented here - Trp64Arg polymorphism of ADRB3 receptor. The problem seems to be more complicated and requires an investigation of the influence of other genetic and environmental factors, and the future populate investigations in Trp64Arg polymorphism of ADRB3 receptor.
A Neonate Born with Holoprosencephaly Sequence of A Gestational Diabetic Mother: A Rare Case.; Holoprosencephaly is a rare spectrum of congenital malformation associated with midline facial defects and absence of olfactory tract. Sequence occurs at 4th to 8th week of gestational age due to failure or incomplete diverticulation and cleavage of primitive prosencephalon. It is most common brain malformation with an incidence 1:250 in conceptuses and associated with a high rate of spontaneous abortion, and prevalence of 1:16000 in live borns. The etiopathogenesis of holoprosencephaly is heterogeneous and multifactorial, may be environmental, metabolic factors or teratogenic including insulin-dependent maternal diabetes, alcohol consumption. In this study, we described a case of holoprosencephaly neonate with 34 weeks gestational age and antenatal ultrasonography diagnosed as congenital defects in the central nervous system, asymmetric growth of head. After birth the infant was presented with multiple congenital anomalies (cleft lip, cleft palate, microphthalmia, absent philtrum, absent nasal septum with single naris) similar to holoprosencephaly sequence.
Cardiac troponin T as a biochemical marker of cardiac dysfunction and ductus venosus Doppler velocimetry.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to determine the correlation between ductus venosus (DV) Doppler velocimetry and fetal cardiac troponin T (cTnT). STUDY DESIGN: Between March 2007 and March 2008, 89 high-risk pregnancies were prospectively studied. All patients delivered by cesarean section and the Doppler exams were performed on the same day. Multiple regression included the following variables: maternal age, parity, hypertension, diabetes, gestational age at delivery, umbilical artery (UA) S/D ratio, diagnosis of absent or reversed end-diastolic flow velocity (AREDV) in the UA, middle cerebral artery (MCA) pulsatility index (PI), and DV pulsatility index for veins (PIV). Immediately after delivery, UA blood samples were obtained for the measurement of pH and cTnT levels. Statistical analysis included the Kruskal-Wallis test and multiple regressions. RESULTS: The results showed a cTnT concentration at birth >0.05 ng/ml in nine (81.8%) of AREDV cases, a proportion significantly higher than that observed in normal UA S/D ratio and UA S/D ratio >p95 with positive diastolic blood flow (7.7 and 23.1%, respectively, p<0.001). A positive correlation was found between abnormal DV-PIV and elevated cTnT levels in the UA. Multiple regression identified DV-PIV and a diagnosis of AREDV as independent factors associated with abnormal fetal cTnT levels (p<0.0001, F(2.86)=63.5, R=0.7722). CONCLUSION: DV-PIV was significantly correlated with fetal cTnT concentrations at delivery. AREDV and abnormal DV flow represent severe cardiac compromise, with increased systemic venous pressure, and a rise in right ventricular afterload, demonstrated by myocardial damage and elevated fetal cTnT.
Investigating the molecular mechanism of traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of placental syndromes by influencing inflammatory cytokines using the Mendelian randomization and molecular docking technology.; INTRODUCTION: Placental syndromes, which include pregnancy loss, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP), have a strong association with disorder inflammatory reactions. Nonetheless, the exact causal relationship has not been established. This study aims to investigate the causal relationship between placental syndromes and inflammatory cytokines utilizing Mendelian randomization (MR). Additionally, we examined the interaction between small molecular compounds derived from traditional Chinese medicine and inflammatory cytokines using molecular docking method. METHODS: After obtaining the data of inflammatory cytokines and placental syndromes, as well as establishing single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), we employed the inverse variance weighted (IVW) method to assess the causal relationship. We also accessed the heterogeneity and the horizontal pleiotropy of these data. The "ClusterProfiler" R package was utilized for Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway and Gene Ontology (GO) term analyses. The protein-protein interaction (PPI) network was constructed using STRING database. AutoDock Vina software was used for molecular docking, and Discovery Studio 2019 was used for visualization purposes. RESULTS: We found that the growth regulated oncogene A (GROA) and interleukin-9 (IL-9) were associated with the development of pregnancy hypertension, whereas interleukin-10 (IL-10) and hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) were linked to the occurrence of preeclampsia. Moreover, there were correlations observed between interleukin-18 (IL-18), IL-10, macrophage colony-stimulating factor (MCSF), and platelet-derived growth factor BB (PDGFbb) in cases of chronic hypertension combined with pregnancy (CHP). Additionally, macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) exhibited a connection with GDM, and TNF related apoptosis inducing ligand (TRAIL) demonstrated a causal relationship with preterm birth. It is plausible to suggest that interleukin-1β (IL-1β) might contribute to the promotion of pregnancy loss. All of the binding free energy values of small molecular compounds with inflammatory cytokines were below -5.0 kcal/mol. Furthermore, all of the RMSD values were less than 2. CONCLUSIONS: GROA, IL-1β, IL-9, IL-10, IL-18, MIF, MCSF, HGF, PDGFbb and TRAIL were found to be causally associated with placental syndromes. Molecular docking analysis revealed that small molecular compounds, such as puerarin, magnolol, atractylenolide I, paeoniflorin, tumulosic acid and wogonin, are closely bound to these inflammatory cytokines.
The Impact of Oral Intake of Dydrogesterone on Fetal Heart Development During Early Pregnancy.; Congenital heart disease is the most frequent form of congenital anomaly in newborn infants and accounts for more than a quarter of all serious congenital afflictions worldwide. A genetic etiology is identified in <20 % of cases of congenital heart defects, and in most cases the etiology remains a mystery. In the context of the health burden caused by congenital heart disease, the contribution of non-inherited risk factors is important especially if it turns out to be caused by a drug which can be avoided during pregnancy. We sought to determine whether maternal dydrogesterone treatment in early pregnancy is associated with congenital heart disease in the infant. We conducted a retrospective case-control study of birth defects and associated risk factors. Data were obtained and compared between 202 children born with congenital heart disease and a control group consisting of 200 children. All children were born in the period of 2010-2013. Dydrogesterone exposure was defined as any reported use during the first trimester of pregnancy. Exclusion criteria included stillbirths, children with chromosomal abnormalities and infants of mothers with chronic medical illnesses, e.g., diabetes. Binary logistic regression analyses were used to analyze the data and attempt to identify a causal relationship between drug exposure and congenital heart disease. Mothers of children born with congenital heart disease received more dydrogesterone during first trimester of pregnancy than mothers of children in the control group [adjusted odds ratio 2.71; (95 % CI 1.54-4.24); P = 0.001]. We identified a positive association between dydrogesterone usage during early pregnancy and congenital heart disease in the offspring. Nevertheless, further studies are needed to confirm these results.
Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period as an Opportunity for Cardiovascular Risk Identification and Management.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Because women generally present with more atypical symptoms of CVD than do men and because underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford us that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a neonate with fetal growth restriction, and significant placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Women with one or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and referred for regular follow-up. This would ideally take the form of a multidisciplinary clinic including clinicians and allied health specialists to carry out physical and biochemical screening and counseling regarding lifestyle modification and possible therapeutic interventions. Longer-term follow-up and recommendations should be individualized based on findings and risks. There is also an opportunity for future pregnancy counseling and discussion about the importance of weight loss between pregnancies, initiation of a routine involving physical activity, use of preconception folic acid, and the potential initiation of low-dose aspirin for those women at risk for future preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction or the use of progesterone for women at risk for preterm labor. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords us with the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
Precision gestational diabetes treatment: a systematic review and meta-analyses.; BACKGROUND: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) affects approximately 1 in 7 pregnancies globally. It is associated with short- and long-term risks for both mother and baby. Therefore, optimizing treatment to effectively treat the condition has wide-ranging beneficial effects. However, despite the known heterogeneity in GDM, treatment guidelines and approaches are generally standardized. We hypothesized that a precision medicine approach could be a tool for risk-stratification of women to streamline successful GDM management. With the relatively short timeframe available to treat GDM, commencing effective therapy earlier, with more rapid normalization of hyperglycaemia, could have benefits for both mother and fetus. METHODS: We conducted two systematic reviews, to identify precision markers that may predict effective lifestyle and pharmacological interventions. RESULTS: There was a paucity of studies examining precision lifestyle-based interventions for GDM highlighting the pressing need for further research in this area. We found a number of precision markers identified from routine clinical measures that may enable earlier identification of those requiring escalation of pharmacological therapy (to metformin, sulphonylureas or insulin). This included previous history of GDM, Body Mass Index and blood glucose concentrations at diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical measurements at diagnosis could potentially be used as precision markers in the treatment of GDM. Whether there are other sensitive markers that could be identified using more complex individual-level data, such as omics, and if these can feasibly be implemented in clinical practice remains unknown. These will be important to consider in future studies.
Novel Biosynthesis, Metabolism and Physiological Functions of L-Homoarginine.; L-Homoarginine (hArg) ((2S)-amino-6-Carbamimidamidohexanoic acid) is a non-essential cationic amino acid that may be synthesised from the lysine catabolism or the transamination of its precursor (Arginine: Arg). These processes involve the use of the ornithine transcarbamoylase (OTC), an enzyme from the urea cycle or the arginine: glycine amidinotransferase (AGAT), an enzyme from the creatine biosynthesis pathway. These enzymes are tissue-specific, hence they synthesised L-hArg in animals and human organs such as the liver, kidneys, brains, and the small intestines. L-hArg plays some important roles in the pathophysiological conditions, endothelial functions, and the energy metabolic processes in different organs. These functions depend on the concentrations of the available LhArg in the body. These different concentrations of the L-hArg in the body are related to the different disease conditions such as the T2D mellitus, the cardiovascular and the cerebrovascular diseases, the chronic kidney diseases, the intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and the preeclampsia (PE) in pregnancy disorders, and even mortality. However, the applications of the L-hArg in both human and animal studies is in its juvenile stage, and the mechanism of action in this vital amino acid is not fully substantiated and requires more research attention. Hence, we review the evidence with the perspective of the LhArg usage in the monogastric and human nutrition and its related health implications.
Reporting of offspring data in diabetes, HIV infection and hypertension trials during pregnancy: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Clinical trials are conducted during pregnancy to evaluate benefits and risks of medicines for mother and child. The safety of maternal treatments is a key issue for healthcare professionals and parents. OBJECTIVE: To analyse offspring data reported in clinical trials in pregnant women with diabetes, HIV infection or hypertension (three of the most common diseases in women of childbearing potential) and either treated prior to pregnancy for these chronic diseases or diagnosed and treated during pregnancy. METHODS: PubMed and Embase (1 January 1997 to 31 December 2017) were searched for drug trials in pregnant women with diabetes, HIV infection or hypertension. Titles and abstracts were screened, followed by a full-text review of eligible articles. Inclusion criteria were interventional clinical trials in pregnant women treated with medication and full text in English. Trial characteristics, maternal and offspring data were extracted. Data were summarised by disease and study. Twelve key items were considered for the offspring. RESULTS: Overall, 196 articles reporting 132 clinical trials (diabetes n=55; HIV n=59; hypertension n=18) were included. Key offspring data were frequently not reported, for example, number of births (diabetes: 22/55, 40%; HIV: 14/59, 24%; hypertension: 10/18, 56%). Congenital malformations were often not reported with sufficient detail (diabetes: 40/55, 73%; HIV: 39/59, 66%; hypertension: 17/18, 94%). Similar observations were made for other key items (eg, fetal losses, neonatal deaths). CONCLUSION: Under-reporting of key data for the offspring was frequent in publications of clinical trials in pregnant women with diabetes, HIV infection or hypertension making the assessment of the benefit-risk ratio of treatment options during pregnancy difficult. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42017057024.
Animal models and programming of the metabolic syndrome.; The purpose of this review is to consider how current animal models of fetal programming contribute to knowledge of the metabolic syndrome in adult humans. Low birth weight infants have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular and coronary heart disease, hypertension, diabetes and stroke in adulthood. A number of animal studies confirm the association between events during fetal life and subsequent adult disease. This review considers how these have contributed to our understanding of this relationship, and how they may help to uncover the underlying mechanisms. The importance of dietary, pharmacological, genetic and surgical models is assessed, and their usefulness in the prevention of human disease evaluated. Although progress has been made, further investigations using animals are needed to clarify the mechanisms involved in the programming of adult disease. Once these processes are understood, it may be possible to identify and protect at-risk individuals.
Metformin for women who are overweight or obese during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant outcomes.; BACKGROUND: There has been considerable interest in providing antenatal dietary and lifestyle advice for women with obesity or who are overweight during pregnancy, as a strategy to limit gestational weight gain and improve maternal and infant health. However, such antenatal interventions appear to have a modest effect on gestational weight gain and other clinical pregnancy and birth outcomes and additional strategies are required.Metformin is an oral insulin-sensitising medication that acts to decrease blood glucose concentrations. Metformin is commonly used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and polycystic ovarian syndrome, and is being used increasingly in the treatment of gestational diabetes, having been shown to result in decreased rates of caesarean birth and neonatal hypoglycaemia. Metformin may be an adjuvant therapy to current antenatal strategies in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, acting to reduce glucose production in the liver and improve glucose uptake in smooth muscle cells, and therefore improve the overall metabolic health of women in pregnancy and reduce the risk of known adverse pregnancy outcomes. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the role of metformin in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, on maternal and infant outcomes, including adverse effects of treatment and costs. SEARCH METHODS: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (11 October 2017), and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: All published and unpublished randomised controlled trials evaluating metformin use (compared with placebo or no metformin) in women with obesity or who are overweight in pregnancy for improving outcomes, alone or in combination with other interventions were eligible for inclusion. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. MAIN RESULTS: We included three studies which randomised women (1099) with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m(2) (1 study) and 35 kg/m(2) (2 studies), with outcomes available for 1034 participants. None of the studies assessed women with a BMI between 25 kg/m(2)and 29.9 kg/m(2), therefore we could not assess the use of metformin in women considered overweight. We did not identify studies of metformin in combination with another treatment. Two other studies are ongoing.All three included studies were randomised controlled trials and compared metformin with placebo, commencing early in the second trimester. Doses ranged from 500 mg twice daily to 3.0 g per day. All three studies (two in the UK, one in Egypt) included women attending hospitals for antenatal care.Two studies were generally at a low risk of bias across the majority of domains. We assessed the third study as being at an unclear risk of selection bias, performance and detection bias due to insufficient information in the report. We assessed the trial as being at a low risk of attrition bias and other bias; we felt it was at a high risk of reporting bias.The primary outcome for this review was infant birthweight large-for-gestational-age (> 90th centile for gestational age and infant sex). Women who received metformin or placebo had a similar risk of their baby being born large for his or her gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 1.30; 2 studies, 831 infants; high-quality evidence).Women who received metformin may have a slightly lower gestational weight gain (mean difference (MD) -2.60 kg, 95% CI -5.29 to 0.10; 3 studies, 899 women; low-quality evidence).Metformin may make little or no difference in the risk of women developing gestational hypertension (average RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.94; 3 studies, 1040 women; low-quality evidence) or pre-eclampsia (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.09 to 6.28; 2 studies, 840 women; low-quality evidence). Metformin probably makes little or no difference in the risk of women developing gestational diabetes (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.19; 3 studies, 892 women; moderate-quality evidence).One study of 400 women reported women receiving metformin were more likely to experience any adverse effect compared with women receiving placebo (RR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.08; 1 study, 400 women). Adverse effects included abdominal pain, diarrhoea, or headache. When considering individual side effects, women receiving metformin were more likely to experience diarrhoea than women receiving placebo (RR 2.34, 95% CI 1.74 to 3.14; 797 women; 2 studies, 797 women; high-quality evidence). No other important differences were identified between Metformin and placebo for other maternal secondary outcomes, including: caesarean birth, birth before 37 weeks of pregnancy, shoulder dystocia, perineal tear, or postpartum haemorrhage.In terms of other infant outcomes, there was little or no difference in the infant birthweight (MD 6.39 g, 95% CI -81.15 to 93.92; 2 studies, 834 infants; high-quality evidence). There were no other important differences identified for other infant secondary outcomes in this review: hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar); hyperbilirubinaemia (jaundice); Apgar score less than 7 at five minutes; or stillbirth and neonatal death. Only one study reported admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), indicating similar rates of admission between women receiving metformin or placebo; no other admission data were reported to assess differences in costs. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of metformin for women with obesity in pregnancy for improving maternal and infant outcomes. Metformin was, however, associated with increased risk of adverse effects, particularly diarrhoea. The quality of the evidence in this review varied from high to low, with downgrading decisions based on study limitations and inconsistency.There were only a small number of studies included in this review. Furthermore, none of the included studies included women categorised as 'overweight' and no trials looked at metformin in combination with another treatment.Future research is required in order to further evaluate the role of metformin therapy in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, as a strategy to improve maternal and infant health, alone or as an adjuvant to dietary and lifestyle advice.
Perceived health of adults after prenatal exposure to the Dutch famine.; People who were undernourished in early gestation are more obese, have a more atherogenic lipid profile, and altered blood coagulation and seem to have an increased risk of coronary heart disease. We now report on whether they also feel less healthy. We therefore assessed the perceived health of 50-year-old-men and women born alive as singletons around the time of the Dutch famine in the Wilhelmina Gasthuis in Amsterdam. People who had been exposed to famine in early gestation, but not those exposed in mid- or late gestation, more often rated their health as poor (10.3% vs. to 4.9% in the unexposed, odds ratio (OR) 2.2 [1.0, 4.8]). The effect of exposure to famine in early gestation on perceived health could only partly be explained by an increased prevalence of coronary heart disease, respiratory diseases, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, hypercholesterolaemia or cancer (adjusted OR 2.2 [0.9, 5.2]). Adjustment for adult risk factors (BMI, LDL/HDL cholesterol ratio, blood pressure, smoking, lung function) also attenuated the results to some extent (adjusted OR 1.9 [0.6, 5.5]). People who were exposed to famine in early gestation were not only less healthy in terms of objective measures of health but they also felt less healthy. Because poor perceived health is a strong predictor of mortality, we may expect increased mortality in people who were exposed to famine in early gestation in the future.
Calcium metabolism in hypertension.; High blood pressure, one of the most common chronic diseases in industrialized societies, is a primary risk factor for cardiovascular disease, heart failure, renal disease and stroke. Data from both epidemiologic surveys and clinical trials have shown that calcium metabolism is altered in persons with hypertension, indicating a primary role of calcium in the etiology, prevention, and treatment of hypertension. Investigative efforts throughout the world have identified abnormalities in a number of biochemical parameters of calcium metabolism and a consistently low intake of dietary calcium in persons with high blood pressure. Calcium supplementation trials have reported varying results in terms blood pressure response, and it is generally concluded that many hypertensive patients may benefit from increased calcium intake. The blood pressure-lowering effect of calcium may be of particular benefit to the elderly, people of African origin, and pregnant women. Interactions between dietary nutrients have been shown to be critical in the effect of calcium on blood pressure, particularly sodium and potassium. Finally, based on the body of data that has accumulated in this area, calcium intake is postulated to have clinical application in the treatment of sodium-sensitive, alcohol-associated, and pregnancy-induced hypertension, and type II diabetes mellitus; and adequate, long-term calcium intake may be a means of preventing the development of hypertension.
Sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy: A review of the pathophysiology of adverse pregnancy outcomes.; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) is a common obesity-related co-morbidity with strong associations to cardiometabolic disease. The risk of SDB is increased during pregnancy, particularly among obese pregnant women. Accumulating evidence suggests that an association exists between maternal SDB and the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Intermittent hypoxia, a central characteristic of SDB, has been shown in animal and clinical studies to dysregulate several biological pathways. This includes the promotion of oxidative stress, increased inflammation, activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, increased sympathetic activity and impaired glucose and insulin metabolism. This review considers how, during pregnancy, these pathophysiological processes are plausible mechanisms through which SDB may contribute to an increased risk of adverse outcomes, for the mother and perhaps also the offspring. However, a lack of robust evidence specific to the pregnant population, including limited evaluation of the placental function in affected pregnancies, limits our ability to draw definite conclusions on mechanisms contributing to adverse pregnancy outcomes and, indeed, the strength of association between SDB and certain pregnancy complications.
Pregnancy and assisted reproductive technology use in Australian female transfusion-dependent haemoglobinopathy patients: a 20-year retrospective analysis.; BACKGROUND: In the last few decades, the life expectancy of patients with transfusion-dependent thalassaemia (TDT) and sickle cell disease (SCD) has improved significantly, in part because of improved iron chelation. Fertility challenges and pregnancy complications have historically limited reproductive options in this group; however, improved multi-disciplinary care has made infertility a chronic disease complication requiring attention. Despite this, there are very few reports and no Australian data describing fertility and pregnancy outcomes in this population. AIMS: To identify the rate of assisted reproductive technologies (ART) utilisation in our female transfusion-dependent haemoglobinopathy patients and to establish the nature of maternal and neonatal complications in this cohort. METHODS: A 20-year retrospective analysis (1997-2017) at an Australian centre captured data on conception rates, use of assisted reproductive techniques (ART), and pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in female transfusion-dependent haemoglobinopathy patients. RESULTS: Conception was attempted in 14 women (11 TDT and three SCD) during the study period. A total of 28 pregnancies resulting in 25 live births were recorded. ART supported 13 conceptions. A positive association was not identified between elevated mean serum ferritin and ART use; however, all patients with an established diagnosis of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (HH) required ART. Maternal complications included gestational diabetes mellitus and post-partum haemorrhage. There were no cardiac complications. Two-thirds of women underwent lower segment caesarean section, with prematurity complicating 20% of births. There were no neonatal or maternal deaths. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy is an achievable goal for women with transfusion-dependent haemoglobinopathies, although the support of ART may be required in a subset of patients.
Microparticles are vectors of paradoxical information in vascular cells including the endothelium: role in health and diseases.; Both inflammation and thrombosis can be orchestrated by the interactions between circulating cells, such as leukocytes and platelets, with vascular, endothelial and smooth muscle cells, which, during activation or apoptosis, can release circulating microparticles (MPs). Indeed, MPs are membrane vesicles with procoagulant and proinflammatory properties. MPs are present in blood from healthy individuals and in patients under several pathological states, for instance sepsis, preeclampsia, Crohn's disease and diabetes, strengthening the notion that MPs may play a role in these diseases. Circulating MPs or those generated in vitro from apoptotic T cells display deleterious effects on endothelial and/or vasomotor function. In contrast, MPs might be protective to endothelial cells. We have shown that MPs harboring the morphogen sonic hedgehog may represent a new therapeutic approach against endothelial dysfunction during acute severe endothelial injury. Indeed, these types of MPs induce NO release, decrease production of reactive oxygen species and induce angiogenesis from endothelial cells. This protective role for the endothelium was confirmed also by their in vivo injection in mice in which they were also able to reverse endothelial dysfunction in a model of heart ischemia/reperfusion. On the contrary, MPs from preeclamptic women compared to those from normal pregnant women showed pro-inflammatory properties in the vascular wall inducing vascular hyporeactivity in vessels from humans and mice. These effects were associated with complex interactions between NO and cyclooxygenase systems via endothelial cell activation. Altogether, these findings suggest that MPs can be considered as vectors of biological messages for vascular homeostasis, during immunity and inflammation.
Maternal diabetes-induced alterations in the expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor in the developing rat hippocampus.; Maternal diabetes during pregnancy affects the development of hippocampus in the offspring. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) has received increasing attention for its role in regulating the survival and differentiation of neuronal cells in developing and adult brain. In the current study, we evaluated the effects of maternal diabetes and insulin treatment on expression and distribution pattern of BDNF in the hippocampus of neonatal rats at the first two postnatal weeks. We found no differences in hippocampal expression of BDNF between diabetics with normal control or insulin treated neonatal rats at postnatal day (P0) (P > 0.05 each). Nevertheless, there was a marked BDNF downregulation in both sides' hippocampi of male/female diabetic group in two-week-old offspring (P ≤ 0.05 each). Furthermore, the numerical density of BDNF(+) cells was significantly reduced in the right/left dentate gyrus (DG) of male and female newborns born to diabetic animals at all studied postnatal days (P ≤ 0.05 each). In addition, a lower number of reactive cells have shown in the all hippocampal subareas in the diabetic pups at P14 (P ≤ 0.05 each). Our results have demonstrated that the insulin-treatment improves some of the negative impacts of diabetes on the expression of hippocampal BDNF in the newborns. We conclude that diabetes in pregnancy bilaterally disrupts the expression of BDNF in the hippocampus of the both male and female newborns at early postnatal days. In addition, good glycemic control by insulin in the most cases is sufficient to prevent the alterations in expression of BDNF protein in developing hippocampus.
Adulthood blood levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p associate with preterm birth and adult metabolic and cognitive health.; Preterm birth (PTB) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes and neurocognitive impairment later in life. We analyzed for the first time the associations of PTB with blood miRNA levels in adulthood. We also investigated the relationship of PTB associated miRNAs and adulthood phenotypes previously linked with premature birth. Blood MicroRNA profiling, genome-wide gene expression analysis, computer-based cognitive testing battery (CANTAB) and serum NMR metabolomics were performed for Young Finns Study subjects (aged 34-49 years, full-term n = 682, preterm n = 84). Preterm birth (vs. full-term) was associated with adulthood levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p in a fully adjusted regression model (p = 1.90 × 10(-4), FDR = 0.046). The levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p were down-regulated in subjects with PTB with appropriate birthweight for gestational age (p = 0.002, fold change [FC] = - 1.20) and specifically in PTB subjects with small birthweight for gestational age (p = 0.095, FC = - 1.39) in comparison to individuals born full term. Hsa-miR-29b-3p levels correlated with the expressions of its target-mRNAs BCL11A and CS and the gene set analysis results indicated a target-mRNA driven association between hsa-miR-29b-3p levels and Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, Insulin signaling and Regulation of Actin Cytoskeleton pathway expression. The level of hsa-miR-29b-3p was directly associated with visual processing and sustained attention in CANTAB test and inversely associated with serum levels of VLDL subclass component and triglyceride levels. In conlcusion, adult blood levels of hsa-miR-29b-3p were lower in subjects born preterm. Hsa-miR-29b-3p associated with cognitive function and may be linked with adulthood morbidities in subjects born preterm, possibly through regulation of gene sets related to neurodegenerative diseases and insulin signaling as well as VLDL and triglyceride metabolism.
[Spectral analysis of fetal heart rate variability].; OBJECTIVE: To assess power spectral densities and power spectrum of FHR variability in two categories of fetal activity, quiescence and breathing movements, in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or intrauterine growth retardation. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study group included 70 women, 35 in uncomplicated pregnancies and 35 with above-mentioned complications. The spectral analysis of FHR variability in fetal quiescence or breathing activity was performed. The power spectrum was analyzed at frequencies 0-1.0 Hz. Successively, the power spectral density was calculated. It has been presented the plots of spectral densities of beat-to-beat variabilities well during breathing episodes as "no breathing". Subsequently, the power spectra were calculated in both analyzed activities and groups. RESULTS: The highest values of power spectral densities (0.118 +/- 0.025) at 0.6-0.8 Hz were found in uncomplicated pregnancies. In pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus (0.048 +/- 0.049) or IUGR (0.042 +/- 0.041) these values were statistically significantly. At 0.6 Hz and 0.8 Hz power spectra of FHR variability were lower in quiescence comparing to breathing activity, as well in uncomplicated as complicated pregnancies. At these frequencies power spectra during breathing movements were significantly lower in complicated pregnancies comparing to uncomplicated. COMMENTS: The results of this study confirm the usefulness of spectral analysis in the assessment of FHR variability. The observed disturbances may reflect an abnormal fetal reactivity. The evaluation of breathing and cardiovascular systems interaction allows to study indirectly the central nervous system that coordinates both activities.
Cardiovascular Complications in Patients with Turner's Syndrome.; Turner's or Turner syndrome (TS) is the most prevalent chromosomal abnormality in live female births. Patients with TS are predisposed to an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), mainly due to the frequently observed congenital structural cardiovascular defects, such as valvular and aortic abnormalities (coarctation, dilatation, and dissection). The increased prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors, such as arterial hypertension, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, central obesity, and increased carotid intima-media thickness, also contribute to increased morbidity and mortality in TS patients. Menopausal hormone therapy (MHT) is the treatment of choice, combined with growth hormone (GH). Although MHT may, in general, ameliorate CVD risk factors, its effect on CVD mortality in TS has not yet been established. The exact effect of GH on these parameters has not been clarified. Specific considerations should be provided in TS cases during pregnancy, due to the higher risk of CVD complications, such as aortic dissection. Optimal cardiovascular monitoring, including physical examination, electrocardiogram, CVD risk factor assessment, and transthoracic echocardiography, is recommended. Moreover, the cardiac magnetic resonance from the age of 12 years is recommended due to the high risk of aortic aneurysm and other anatomical vascular complications.
Maternal exercise alters rat fetoplacental stress response: Minimal effects of maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal growth restriction complicates 10% of pregnancies and increases offspring (F1) risk of metabolic disorders, including obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). This disease predisposition can be passed onto the next generation (F2). Importantly, the risk of pregnancy complications in obese women can be exacerbated by a stressful pregnancy. Exercise can reduce adiposity and improve health outcomes in obese women and those with GDM. This study investigated the impacts of maternal growth restriction, obesity, exercise, and stress on fetal and placental endocrine function. METHODS: Uteroplacental insufficiency (Restricted) or sham (Control) surgery was induced on embryonic day (E) 18 in F0 Wistar-Kyoto rats. F1 offspring were fed a Chow or High-fat (HFD) diet from weaning and, at 16 weeks, were randomly allocated an exercise protocol; Sedentary, Exercised prior to and during pregnancy (Exercise), or Exercised only during pregnancy (PregEx). Females were mated and further randomly allocated to either undergo (Stress), or not undergo (Unstressed), physiological measurements during pregnancy. On E20, F2 fetal plasma (steroid hormones), tissues (brain, liver), and placentae (morphology, stress genes) were collected. RESULTS: Maternal growth restriction and high-fat feeding had minimal impact on fetoplacental endocrine function. PregEx and Exercise increased cross-sectional labyrinth and junctional zone areas. PregEx, but not Exercise, increased fetal deoxycorticosterone concentrations and reduced placental Hsd11b2 and Nr3c2 gene abundance. Maternal stress increased fetal corticosterone concentrations in Sedentary HFD dams and increased placental cross-sectional areas in PregEx mothers. DISCUSSION: PregEx and Stress independently dysregulates the endocrine status of the developing fetus, which may program future disease.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: an overview.; Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex I, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D.
Initiation of metformin in early pregnancy results in fetal bioaccumulation, growth restriction, and renal dysmorphology in a primate model.; BACKGROUND: In recent years, pragmatic metformin use in pregnancy has stretched to include prediabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and (most recently) preeclampsia. However, with its expanded use, concerns of unintended harm have been raised. OBJECTIVE: This study developed an experimental primate model and applied ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry for direct quantitation of maternal and fetal tissue metformin levels with detailed fetal biometry and histopathology. STUDY DESIGN: Within 30 days of confirmed conception (defined as early pregnancy), 13 time-bred (timed-mated breeding) Rhesus dams with pregnancies designated for fetal necropsy were initiated on twice-daily human dose-equivalent 10 mg/kg metformin or vehicle control. Pregnant dams were maintained as pairs and fed either a control chow or 36% fat Western-style diet. Metformin or placebo vehicle control was delivered in various treats while the animals were separated via a slide. A cesarean delivery was performed at gestational day 145, and amniotic fluid and blood were collected, and the fetus and placenta were delivered. The fetus was immediately necropsied by trained primate center personnel. All fetal organs were dissected, measured, sectioned, and processed per clinical standards. Fluid and tissue metformin levels were assayed using validated ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography coupled to triple-quadrupole mass spectrometry in selected reaction monitoring against standard curves. RESULTS: Among 13 pregnancies at gestational day 145 with fetal necropsy, 1 dam and its fetal tissues had detectable metformin levels despite being allocated to the vehicle control group (>1 μmol metformin/kg maternal weight or fetal or placental tissue), whereas a second fetus allocated to the vehicle control group had severe fetal growth restriction (birthweight of 248.32 g [<1%]) and was suspected of having a fetal congenital condition. After excluding these 2 fetal pregnancies from further analyses, 11 fetuses from dams initiated on either vehicle control (n=4: 3 female and 1 male fetuses) or 10 mg/kg metformin (n=7: 5 female and 2 male fetuses) were available for analyses. Among dams initiated on metformin at gestational day 30 (regardless of maternal diet), significant bioaccumulation within the fetal kidney (0.78-6.06 μmol/kg; mean of 2.48 μmol/kg), liver (0.16-0.73 μmol/kg; mean of 0.38 μmol/kg), fetal gut (0.28-1.22 μmol/kg; mean of 0.70 μmol/kg), amniotic fluid (0.43-3.33 μmol/L; mean of 1.88 μmol/L), placenta (0.16-1.00 μmol/kg; mean of 0.50 μmol/kg), fetal serum (0.00-0.66 μmol/L; mean of 0.23 μmol/L), and fetal urine (4.10-174.10 μmol/L; mean of 38.5 μmol/L) was observed, with fetal levels near biomolar equivalent to maternal levels (maternal serum: 0.18-0.86 μmol/L [mean of 0.46 μmol/L]; maternal urine: 42.60-254.00 μmol/L [mean of 149.30 μmol/L]). Western-style diet feeding neither accelerated nor reduced metformin bioaccumulations in maternal or fetal serum, urine, amniotic fluid, placenta, or fetal tissues. In these 11 animals, fetal bioaccumulation of metformin was associated with less fetal skeletal muscle (57% lower cross-sectional area of gastrocnemius) and decreased liver, heart, and retroperitoneal fat masses (P<.05), collectively driving lower delivery weight (P<.0001) without changing the crown-rump length. Sagittal sections of fetal kidneys demonstrated delayed maturation, with disorganized glomerular generations and increased cortical thickness. This renal dysmorphology was not accompanied by structural or functional changes indicative of renal insufficiency. CONCLUSION: Our study demonstrates fetal bioaccumulation of metformin with associated fetal growth restriction and renal dysmorphology after maternal initiation of the drug within 30 days of conception in primates. Given these results and the prevalence of metformin use during pregnancy, additional investigation of any potential immediate and enduring effects of prenatal metformin use is warranted.
Analysis of intrauterine fetal demise--a hospital-based study in Taiwan over a decade.; OBJECTIVE: To identify timing-specified risk factors for stillbirth, in order to help physicians to reduce preventable factors and stillbirths, and improve general outcomes of pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective analysis was performed of births registered in our hospital, a medical center in Taiwan, between September 1, 1999 and December 31, 2011. We collected basic characteristics from the medical records, including maternal and fetal conditions. All stillbirths were divided into two groups according to gestational age: the second trimester group and the third trimester group. Comparisons were made between these groups. RESULTS: There were a total of 12,290 births and 121 stillbirths during our study period. The 121 stillbirths were divided into two groups: 67/121 (55.4%) were in the second trimester group and 54/121 (44.6%) were in the third trimester group. The overall incidence for intrauterine fetal demise was 0.98% (121/12,290). The increased risks in the third trimester stillbirths, as compared with the second trimester group, were significantly associated with males born, increased maternal body mass index (BMI) at delivery, habitual cigarette smoking, previous history of intrauterine fetal demise, and diabetic or hypertensive pregnancies. Unexplained causes (29.85%) were the most common causes of second trimester intrauterine fetal demise and the most common cause of third trimester intrauterine fetal demise was umbilical cord pathology (33.33%). CONCLUSION: Management of any pregnant patient remains a challenge. Identifying upstream and cost-effective solutions will improve these pregnancy outcomes.
Discovery of polypeptide ligand-receptor pairs based on their co-evolution.; Sequencing diverse genomes allowed the tracing of orthologous and paralogous genes to understand the co-evolution of polypeptide ligands and receptors. This review documents the discovery of several polypeptide ligands and their cognate receptors mainly expressed in the reproductive tissue using evolutionary genomics. We discussed the sub-functionization of paralogs and co-evolution of ligand-receptor families. Based on the conserved signaling among paralogous receptors and common knock-out phenotypes of ligand-receptor pairs, relationships between relaxin family peptides and leucine-rich repeat-containing, G protein-coupled receptors (LGR) were revealed. We also described the identification of a novel paralogous glycoprotein hormone thyrostimulin and design of a long-acting FSH. Human stresscopin and stresscopin-related peptide, paralogous to CRH, were also identified based on the conserved signaling pathways. Recently, a novel ligand placensin expressed in human placenta was found based on the paralogous relationship with a metabolic hormone asprosin. Placensin likely contributes to stage-dependent increases in insulin resistance during human pregnancy and its elevated secretion was associated with gestational diabetes mellitus. Although many ligands were predicted based on sequence signatures, ligands of shorter sequences have not been identified, together with many "orphan" receptors without known ligands. Future development of tools for predicting ligands and high throughput assays to identify ligand-receptor pairs based on ligand binding and/or signal transduction could advance hormone-based physiology and pathophysiology.
Telehealth for High-Risk Pregnancies in the Setting of the COVID-19 Pandemic.; As New York City became an international epicenter of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, telehealth was rapidly integrated into prenatal care at Columbia University Irving Medical Center, an academic hospital system in Manhattan. Goals of implementation were to consolidate in-person prenatal screening, surveillance, and examinations into fewer in-person visits while maintaining patient access to ongoing antenatal care and subspecialty consultations via telehealth virtual visits. The rationale for this change was to minimize patient travel and thus risk for COVID-19 exposure. Because a large portion of obstetric patients had underlying medical or fetal conditions placing them at increased risk for adverse outcomes, prenatal care telehealth regimens were tailored for increased surveillance and/or counseling. Based on the incorporation of telehealth into prenatal care for high-risk patients, specific recommendations are made for the following conditions, clinical scenarios, and services: (1) hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension; (2) pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; (3) maternal cardiovascular disease; (4) maternal neurologic conditions; (5) history of preterm birth and poor obstetrical history including prior stillbirth; (6) fetal conditions such as intrauterine growth restriction, congenital anomalies, and multiple gestations including monochorionic placentation; (7) genetic counseling; (8) mental health services; (9) obstetric anesthesia consultations; and (10) postpartum care. While telehealth virtual visits do not fully replace in-person encounters during prenatal care, they do offer a means of reducing potential patient and provider exposure to COVID-19 while providing consolidated in-person testing and services. KEY POINTS: · Telehealth for prenatal care is feasible.. · Telehealth may reduce coronavirus exposure during prenatal care.. · Telehealth should be tailored for high risk prenatal patients..
Pregnancy Complications and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome for the Offspring.; Metabolic syndrome is a growing problem globally, and is a contributor to non-communicable diseases such as type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The risk of developing specific components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and elevated fasting blood sugar has been largely attributed to environmental stressors including poor nutrition, lack of exercise, and smoking. However, large epidemiologic cohorts and experimental animal models support the "developmental origins of adult disease" hypothesis, which posits that a significant portion of the risk for adult metabolic conditions is determined by exposures occurring in the perinatal period. Maternal obesity and the rate of complications during pregnancy such as preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes continue to rise. As our ability to reduce perinatal morbidity and mortality improves the long-term metabolic consequences remain uncertain, pointing to the need for further research in this area.
The cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal and neonatal effects of CPAP use in pregnant women: a systematic review.; Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), but its outcomes for the pregnant are still undefined. This study aims to review current CPAP intervention during pregnancy, discuss published trials, and propose relevant issues that have yet to be addressed satisfactorily about the cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal, and neonatal effects of CPAP treatment during gestation. Two authors independently conducted a systematic review until March 28th, 2021 on PubMed, BVS, and Cochrane Library, using PRISMA guidelines, and risk of bias. Discrepancies were reconciled by a third reviewer. Of 59 identified citations, eight original trials have submitted a total of 90 pregnant women to polysomnography and CPAP therapy. Four studies performed in samples with hypertension or preeclampsia presented blood pressure decrease or maintained the antihypertensive drug dose in the CPAP group. After CPAP utilization, one trial registered cardiac output and stroke volume increase with heart rate and peripheral vascular resistance decrease, which were correlated with birth weight increment. Others documented a higher Apgar in the CPAP group and more fetal movements during CPAP use. There was a reduction in serum uric acid and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the CPAP groups whose blood pressure decreased. However, two weeks of CPAP use in women with gestational diabetes and OSA did not improve glucose levels but raised the insulin secretion in those adherents to CPAP. Despite these positive results without adverse effects, randomized controlled trials with standardized follow-up in larger populations are required to determine CPAP therapy recommendations in pregnancy.
Long-term metabolic risk among children born premature or small for gestational age.; Accumulating evidence suggests that both the intrauterine environment and growth during early life can influence the development of chronic noncommunicable diseases, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, in adulthood. Here, we review the available human data supporting increased metabolic risk among children born premature or small for gestational age; the adrenal and pubertal modifications that contribute to this risk; metabolic changes that occur during adolescence and early adulthood; and approaches to potentially modify or decrease risk of metabolic disease. The risks associated with delivery at term or preterm are compared for each period of life. Knowledge of these associations is fundamental for the paediatric community to develop preventive strategies early during postnatal life.
DNA Methylation and Gene Expression in Blood and Adipose Tissue of Adult Offspring of Women with Diabetes in Pregnancy-A Validation Study of DNA Methylation Changes Identified in Adolescent Offspring.; Maternal gestational diabetes and obesity are associated with adverse outcomes in offspring, including increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Previously, we identified a lower DNA methylation degree at genomic sites near the genes ESM1, MS4A3, and TSPAN14 in the blood cells of adolescent offspring exposed to gestational diabetes and/or maternal obesity in utero. In the present study, we aimed to investigate if altered methylation and expression of these genes were detectable in blood, as well in the metabolically relevant subcutaneous adipose tissue, in a separate cohort of adult offspring exposed to gestational diabetes and obesity (O-GDM) or type 1 diabetes (O-T1D) in utero, compared with the offspring of women from the background population (O-BP). We did not replicate the findings of lower methylation of ESM1, MS4A3, and TSPAN14 in blood from adults, either in O-GDM or O-T1D. In contrast, in adipose tissue of O-T1D, we found higher MS4A3 DNA methylation, which will require further validation. The adipose tissue ESM1 expression was lower in O-GDM compared to O-BP, which in turn was not associated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI nor the offspring's own adiposity. Adipose tissue TSPAN14 expression was slightly lower in O-GDM compared with O-BP, but also positively associated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, as well as offspring's own adiposity and HbA1c levels. In conclusion, the lower DNA methylation in blood from adolescent offspring exposed to GDM could not be confirmed in the present cohort of adult offspring, potentially due to methylation remodeling with increased aging. In offspring adipose tissue, ESM1 expression was associated with maternal GDM, and TSPAN14 expression was associated with both maternal GDM, as well as pre-pregnancy BMI. These altered expression patterns are potentially relevant to the concept of developmental programming of cardiometabolic diseases and require further studies.
Update on neonatal resuscitation.; Although only 10% of neonates born in the United States require resuscitation, availability of well trained personnel skilled in neonatal resuscitation can result in a significant decline in neonatal morbidity and mortality. One important aspect of performing a successful resuscitation is having a good understanding of the complex dynamics of fetal/neonatal physiology and the adaptations that must be made to transition to extrauterine life. This knowledge will allow one to better serve the resuscitative needs of the neonate. Performing a risk assessment by evaluating maternal and fetal risk factors is important. Review of medical history including medications, may reveal other medical conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, etc.). Once the need for resuscitation is recognized, easy access to equipment, medication and supplies can result in a successful resuscitative effort.
Evaluating the association between neonatal mortality and maternal high blood pressure, heart disease and gestational diabetes: A case control study.; BACKGROUND: Prevention of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) during pregnancy is recommended due to severe complications for mothers and infants. Considering that NCDs have a significant impact on infant mortality, this study was conducted to investigate the relationship between mothers' underlying diseases and gestational diabetes and infant mortality in Iran. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Mothers who referred to the health centers in nine provinces of Iran were included. This case-control study used data collected from pregnant women. There were 1162 cases and 1624 controls. The required data were collected from mothers' health records and through interviews. RESULTS: The chances of neonatal mortality in women with a body mass index (BMI) of 30-35, 1.7 times (odds ratio [OR] = 1.7, confidence interval [CI]: 1.19-2.44, P = 0.003) was higher compared with women with a normal BMI. The chance of neonatal mortality among mothers with high blood pressure was three times higher compared with healthy mothers (OR = 3.04, 95% CI: 1.98-4.65, P < 0.001). The chance of neonatal mortality in women with kidney disease was also 1.64 times higher than mothers without kidney problems (OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.1-2.45, P = 0.015). In the study of gestational diabetes, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had at risk was 1.63 times higher than mothers without gestational diabetes (OR = 1.63, 95% CI: 0.84-3.16, P = 0.014). Furthermore, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had heart disease was 1.10 times higher than mothers without heart disease (OR = 2.10, 95% CI: 0.88-4.99, P = 0.014). CONCLUSION: This study showed that undiagnosed underlying diseases were related to neonatal mortality, which highlights the importance of caring for and counseling about the underlying diseases, screening, and controlling blood sugar levels before and during pregnancy to prevent infant mortality by all means possible.
Pregnancy outcomes at advanced maternal age in a tertiary Hospital, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate obstetrical and fetal outcomes among advanced maternal age (AMA) women. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study carried out at a teaching hospital, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, during 18 years period (from January 2003 until December 2020). A total of 79095 women gave birth, and randomized block was used to include 4318 singleton pregnancy women (>28 gestational weeks), of them 2162 age ≥40 years. Associations between AMA and obstetrical and fetal parameters were assessed. RESULTS: Advanced maternal age independently associated with non-Saudi national, mother's weights 80-99 kg, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. Advanced maternal age mothers were more liable to premature rupture of membranes (PROM), caesarean (CS) deliveries, and postpartum hemorrhage. Newborn of AMA women were at high risk of birth weight <2500 g, birth weight 3600-4500 g, decline Apgar score at 5 minutes, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions. CONCLUSION: Advanced maternal age is an independent risk factor for adverse obstetric hazards as CS, antepartum haemorrhage, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, PROM, postpartum hemmorage, and fetal complications as low birth weight, macrosomia, NICU admission, congenital anomalies, and low Apgar score. These results must be carefully considered by maternal care providers to effectively improve clinical surveillance.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and renal-vascular function in the early years after delivery.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs: hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and placental disorders) are associated with cardiovascular disease risk or blood volume abnormalities. Traditional risk factors might not identify highest risk people in the early years after APO deliveries. Test the hypothesis that vascular function is worse, and plasma volume-regulating renal hormones are lower after delivery in people who did versus did not have an APO. Adult participants 6 mo-3 years postdelivery of a singleton infant participated in this cross-sectional study. Exclusion criteria included current smoking, current use of certain medications, and diabetes outside of pregnancy. Differences in measurements between participants with versus without APOs were determined with t tests or Wilcoxon tests. Associations of renal hormones with APO history were assessed with linear regression, adjusted for age, race, body mass index (BMI), and sodium consumption. Of 86 participants, 38 (44%) had an APO history. Those with APOs were more likely to identify as Black and had a higher BMI, 34.0 kg/m(2) [interquartile range (IQR), 24.6, 39.3] versus 24.2 kg/m(2) [IQR, 21.2, 31.3], P < 0.05. Most brachial and all aortic blood pressures were higher in those with APOs: median aortic blood pressure was 102/74 versus 96/68 mmHg, P ≤ 0.05. There were no differences in arterial stiffness or endothelial function between groups. Aldosterone was lower (54 [IQR, 28-84] vs. 80 [IQR, 39-150] pmol/L) in participants with past APOs. Blood pressures were higher, and aldosterone was lower in participants with past APOs. Associations of aldosterone with APO history persisted after adjustment. Neither renin nor aldosterone were related to vascular function.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Traditional CVD risk factors may not fully capture excess CVD risk soon after APOs. Vascular dysfunction and plasma volume irregularities may be detectable. We found people with APOs had worse blood pressures, higher BMI, and lower aldosterone levels versus those without APOs in the early years after delivery. Vascular function was similar between groups. Future research should assess vascular function and renal hormones at multiple timepoints during the perinatal period.
[Immunoreactive 7B2 concentrations in plasma and cerebrospinal fluid in pathophysiological conditions and the responses to oral glucose load, intravenous LH-RH, TRH and arginine infusion].; The peptide, 7B2, originally isolated from pituitary, has been shown to be present in endocrine tumors of high concentrations in pancreatic islet tumors. Plasma from most of these patients showed very high 7B2 immunoreactivity (IR-7B2) though there is a lack of knowledge concerning physiological and pathological changes in plasma IR-7B2 levels in other conditions. To assess whether or not there is any alteration in circulating IR-7B2 levels due to age, sex or any specific condition, plasma levels of IR-7B2 were measured in the fasting state in 106 healthy subjects aged 3 months to 91 years, 101 diabetics, 28 patients with hyperthyroidism. 7 patients with primary hypothyroidism, 13 patients with liver cirrhosis, 43 patients with chronic renal failure, 35 patients with cerebral vascular accident, and 26 pregnant subjects. Twenty-four cord bloods were also included. The responses of circulating IR-7B2 to oral glucose, intravenous arginine infusion, volus thyrotropin (TRH) or volus luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LH-RH) injection were also evaluated. Particularly high IR-7B2 levels were found to exist in cord blood. Postnatally the concentrations decreased gradually with age to adult values (15.6 +/- 2.9pmol/liter (mean +/- SE) in 20's-60's), though plasma IR-7B2 levels again increased significantly in over 70's (37.1 +/- 3.2pmol/liter; P less than 0.01). There was no significant difference in plasma 7B2 levels in either sex. Among the pathological conditions studied, significantly high IR-7B2 levels were observed in patients with chronic renal failure (175.1 +/- 35.9pmol/liter). Some of the pregnant patients in their third trimester also showed high plasma IR-7B2 levels. A small but significant rise in plasma IR-7B2 was observed after a glucose load in control subjects and diabetics. Intravenous LH-RH exerted a rise in plasma 7B2 concentrations though arginine and TRH showed no significant effect on plasma IR-7B2 concentrations. Compared with the plasma concentrations, ten to fifty-fold high levels of IR-7B2 were observed in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from patients with cerebrovascular accidents or multiple sclerosis. These results suggested that the kidney plays a major role in 7B2 degradation and that LH-RH simulates IR-7B2 release from the pituitary gland. Whether reduced clearance or increased production was responsible for the IR-7B2 elevation in subjects under 10 years or over 70 years requires investigation. Furthermore, high levels of IR-7B2 in CSF might indicate its specific role for the central nervous system.
Urinary Angiotensinogen-Melatonin Ratio in Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia.; Background: A large research portfolio indicates that an activated renal renin-angiotensin system or a deficit on melatonin is associated with several cardiovascular pathologies. In this observational clinical study, we hypothesized that alterations in urinary melatonin or angiotensinogen levels may be altered in two common conditions, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Our study's primary objective was to assess melatonin and angiotensinogen as novel disease biomarkers detectable and quantifiable in the urine of pregnant women with or without pregnancy complications. Methods: This was a concurrent cohort study of pregnant women with selected obstetric pathologies (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, hypertension and obesity with hypertension). A group of healthy controls was also included. Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin and angiotensinogen were measured by sensitive and specific ELISAs in first morning void urine samples. The patients were included in the cohort consecutively, and the diagnosis was blinded at the level of urine collection. Urinary 6-sulfatoxymelatonin and angiotensinogen levels were investigated in the patients included in the cohort. Results: Urinary levels of angiotensinogen were significantly higher in the gestational diabetes [angiotensinogen/creatinine ratio median (25th, 75th): 0.11 (0.07, 0.18)] and preeclampsia [0.08 (0.06, 0.18)] groups than in those with healthy pregnancy [0.05(0.04, 0.06]; 6-sulfatoxymelatonin levels were significantly lower in the gestational diabetes [ug/h: median (25th, 75th): 0.12(0.08, 0.17)] and preeclampsia [0.12 (0.09, 0.15)] groups than in those with healthy pregnancy [0.20 (0.15, 0.27]. Neither morning void protein/creatinine ratio nor 24-h urine protein estimate were significantly different between the study groups. Conclusion: These results suggest that urinary angiotensinogen levels may indicate an intrarenal RAS activation while melatonin production appears to be defective in gestational diabetes or hypertension. An angiotensinogen/melatonin ratio is suggested as an early biomarker for identification of gestational diabetes or hypertension. This report provides a basis for the potential use of melatonin for the treatment of preeclampsia. A prospective study in a larger number of patients to determine the operative characteristics of these markers as potential diagnostic tests is justified.
Stillbirth rates among Indigenous and non-Indigenous women in Queensland, Australia: is the gap closing?; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the disparity gap is closing between stillbirth rates for Indigenous and non-Indigenous women and to identify focal areas for future prevention efforts according to gestational age and geographic location. DESIGN: Population-based retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Queensland, Australia. POPULATION: All singleton births of at least 20 weeks of gestation or at least 400 g birthweight. METHODS: Routinely collected data on births were obtained for the period 1995 to 2011. Indigenous and non-Indigenous stillbirth rates and percent reduction in the gap were compared over time and by geographic location and gestational age. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: All-cause and cause-specific stillbirth rates (per 1000 ongoing pregnancies). RESULTS: Over the study period there was a 57.3% reduction in the disparity gap. Although marked reductions in the gap were shown for women in regional (57.0%) and remote (56.1%) locations, these women remained at increased risk compared with those in urban regions. There was no reduction for term stillbirths. Major conditions contributing to the disparity were maternal conditions (diabetes) (relative risk [RR] 3.78, 95% confidence intervals [95% CI] 2.59-5.51), perinatal infection (RR 3.70, 95% CI 2.54-5.39), spontaneous preterm birth (RR 3.08, 95% CI 2.51-3.77), hypertension (RR 2.22, 95% CI 1.45-3.39), fetal growth restriction (RR 1.78, 95% CI 1.17-2.71) and antepartum haemorrhage (RR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13-2.22). CONCLUSIONS: The gap in stillbirth rates between Indigenous and non-Indigenous women is closing, but Indigenous women continue to be at increased risk due to a number of potentially preventable conditions. There is little change in the gap at term gestational ages.
PACE: randomized, controlled, multicentre, multinational, phase III study of PLX-PAD for critical limb ischaemia in patients unsuitable for revascularization: randomized clinical trial.; BACKGROUND: Revascularization is the primary treatment modality for chronic limb-threatening ischaemia (CLTI), but is not feasible in all patients. PLX-PAD is an off-the-shelf, placental-derived, mesenchymal stromal cell-like cell therapy. This study aimed to evaluate whether PLX-PAD would increase amputation-free survival in people with CLTI who were not candidates for revascularization. METHODS: People with CLTI and minor tissue loss (Rutherford 5) who were unsuitable for revascularization were entered into a randomized, parallel-group, placebo-controlled, multinational, blinded, trial, in which PLX-PAD was compared with placebo (2 : 1 randomization), with 30 intramuscular injections (0.5 ml each) into the index leg on days 0 and 60. Planned follow-up was 12-36 months, and included vital status, amputations, lesion size, pain and quality-of-life assessments, haemodynamic parameters, and adverse events. RESULTS: Of 213 patients enrolled, 143 were randomized to PLX-PAD and 70 to placebo. Demographics and baseline characteristics were balanced. Most patients were Caucasian (96.2%), male (76.1%), and ambulatory (85.9%). Most patients (76.6%) reported at least one adverse event, which were mostly expected events in CLTI, such as skin ulcer or gangrene. The probability of major amputation or death was similar for placebo and PLX-PAD (33 and 28.6% respectively; HR 0.93, 95% c.i. 0.53 to 1.63; P = 0.788). Revascularization and complete wound healing rates were similar in the two groups. A post hoc analysis of a subpopulation of 121 patients with a baseline haemoglobin A1c level below 6.5% showed improved 12-month amputation-free survival (HR 0.46, 0.21 to 0.99; P = 0.048). CONCLUSION: Although there was no evidence that PLX-PAD reduced amputation-free survival in the entire study population, benefit was observed in patients without diabetes mellitus or whose diabetes was well controlled; this requires confirmation in further studies. Trial registration: NCT03006770 (http://www.clinicaltrials.gov); 2015-005532-18 (EudraCT Clinical Trials register - Search for 2015-005532-18).
Maternal obesity and programming of metabolic syndrome in the offspring: searching for mechanisms in the adipocyte progenitor pool.; BACKGROUND: It is now understood that it is the quality rather than the absolute amount of adipose tissue that confers risk for obesity-associated disease. Adipose-derived stem cells give rise to adipocytes during the developmental establishment of adipose depots. In adult depots, a reservoir of progenitors serves to replace adipocytes that have reached their lifespan and for recruitment to increase lipid buffering capacity under conditions of positive energy balance. MAIN: The adipose tissue expandability hypothesis posits that a failure in de novo differentiation of adipocytes limits lipid storage capacity and leads to spillover of lipids into the circulation, precipitating the onset of obesity-associated disease. Since adipose progenitors are specified to their fate during late fetal life, perturbations in the intrauterine environment may influence the rapid expansion of adipose depots that occurs in childhood or progenitor function in established adult depots. Neonates born to mothers with obesity or diabetes during pregnancy tend to have excessive adiposity at birth and are at increased risk for childhood adiposity and cardiometabolic disease. CONCLUSION: In this narrative review, we synthesize current knowledge in the fields of obesity and developmental biology together with literature from the field of the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) to put forth the hypothesis that the intrauterine milieu of pregnancies complicated by maternal metabolic disease disturbs adipogenesis in the fetus, thereby accelerating the trajectory of adipose expansion in early postnatal life and predisposing to impaired adipose plasticity.
Artificial Neural Network Analysis of Spontaneous Preterm Labor and Birth and Its Major Determinants.; BACKGROUND: Little research based on the artificial neural network (ANN) is done on preterm birth (spontaneous preterm labor and birth) and its major determinants. This study uses an ANN for analyzing preterm birth and its major determinants. METHODS: Data came from Anam Hospital in Seoul, Korea, with 596 obstetric patients during March 27, 2014 - August 21, 2018. Six machine learning methods were applied and compared for the prediction of preterm birth. Variable importance, the effect of a variable on model performance, was used for identifying major determinants of preterm birth. Analysis was done in December, 2018. RESULTS: The accuracy of the ANN (0.9115) was similar with those of logistic regression and the random forest (0.9180 and 0.8918, respectively). Based on variable importance from the ANN, major determinants of preterm birth are body mass index (0.0164), hypertension (0.0131) and diabetes mellitus (0.0099) as well as prior cone biopsy (0.0099), prior placenta previa (0.0099), parity (0.0033), cervical length (0.0001), age (0.0001), prior preterm birth (0.0001) and myomas & adenomyosis (0.0001). CONCLUSION: For preventing preterm birth, preventive measures for hypertension and diabetes mellitus are required alongside the promotion of cervical-length screening with different guidelines across the scope/type of prior conization.
Diabetes Mellitus in India: The Modern Scourge.; India has a high prevalence of diabetes mellitus and the numbers are increasing at an alarming rate. In India alone, diabetes is expected to increase from 40.6 million in 2006 to 79.4 million by 2030. Studies have shown that the prevalence of diabetes in urban Indian adults is about 12.1%, the onset of which is about a decade earlier than their western counterparts and the prevalence of Type 2 diabetes is 4-6 times higher in urban than in rural areas. The risk factors peculiar for developing diabetes among Indians include high familial aggregation, central obesity, insulin resistance and life style changes due to urbanization. Screening for gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance among pregnant women provides a scope for primary prevention of the disease in mothers as well as in their children. The problems of obesity and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (important predisposing factors) are not confined to adults alone but children are also increasingly getting affected. Most long standing macro and micro vascular complications are also more common among Indian diabetics as compared to other races and ethnic groups. A strong familial clustering of diabetic nephropathy among Indian Type 2 diabetics has also been noted. Clustering of cardiovascular risk factor like Syndrome X is common among urban Indians. The rising incidence of diabetes and its complications are going to pose a grave health care burden on our country. Timely effective interventions/measures and screening tests for complications at the time of diagnosis becomes imperative not only for early detection, but also to prevent progression to end stage disease. Screening for gestational diabetes among pregnant women would also go a long way in primary prevention of the disease. Life style changes/interventions and drugs like rosiglitazone are the current strategies that can prevent and/or delay the onset of diabetes. Simple interventional strategies like "Eat less, Eat on time and Walk more" can go a long way in preventing these chronic disorders among present as well as in the future generations.
Blood Test Results of Pregnant COVID-19 Patients: An Updated Case-Control Study.; Background: Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is a current global public health emergency. However, current research on the blood test results of pregnant women with COVID-19 is insufficient. Methods: A case-control study was carried out based on clinical blood test results. Pregnant COVID-19 patients, pregnant COVID-19 patients with diabetes, and pregnant COVID-19 patients with hypertension, were assessed in this study. Also, 120 controls were matched by age, parity, fetus number, and presence of chronic disease. T-tests, Chi-square tests, Wilcoxon signed-rank tests, and Kruskal-Wallis tests were used to compare data from the blood tests and liver function indices among the selected groups. Results: Between January 24 and March 14, 2020, 60 pregnant COVID-19 patients delivered at the Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Hubei Province. The average maternal age of pregnant COVID-19 patients was 30.97 years and the mean gestational period was 37.87 weeks. 71.67% (43/60) of pregnant COVID-19 patients gave birth by cesarean delivery. In total, 21.67% (13/60) were diagnosed with diabetes and 18.33% (11/60) were diagnosed with hypertension during pregnancy. Compared to controls, pregnant COVID-19 patients showed significantly lower numbers of blood lymphocytes and higher numbers of neutrophils, as well as higher levels of C-reactive protein and total bilirubin. Among the three groups, pregnant COVID-19 patients with diabetes had significantly higher levels of neutrophils and lower levels of total protein. Aspartate transaminase levels were higher in pregnant COVID-19 patients with hypertension than in pregnant COVID-19 patients with no comorbidities and controls with hypertension. Interpretations: Blood and liver function indices indicate that chronic complications, including hypertension and diabetes, could increase the risk of inflammation and liver injury in pregnant COVID-19 patients.
Gestational exposure to silver nanoparticles enhances immune adaptation and protection against streptozotocin-induced diabetic nephropathy in mice offspring.; Silver nanoparticles (AgNPs) possess unique antimicrobial properties. As a result, they are being increasingly used in a wide range of applications. Several studies have shown detrimental effects of AgNPs exposure, including inflammation, accumulation, and cellular damage to different organs. However, the effect of AgNPs exposure during gestation, a critical and susceptible period of human development, on pregnant females and its long-term effects on offspring's health has not been studied. Therefore, we conducted a long-term study where we assessed the effect of gestational AgNPs exposure on pregnant mice and followed their offspring until the age of 12 months. Gestational exposure to AgNPs induced systemic inflammation in the pregnant mice at gestational day (GD) 18. Interestingly, developing fetuses exposed to AgNPs, showed anti-inflammatory conditions as indicated by reduced expression of inflammatory genes in fetal organs at GD 18 and reduced serum levels of TNF-α, IFN-γ, IL-17A, IL-6, and MCP-1 in AgNPs exposed pups at postnatal day (PD) 2. Surprisingly, post-weaning, AgNPs exposed offspring showed a heightened immune activation as shown by upregulation of inflammatory cytokines at PD 28, which persisted till late in life. Moreover, we observed metabolic alterations which persisted until adulthood in mice. To understand the impact of long-term immunometabolic changes on the progression of diabetes and kidney diseases under stressed conditions, we exposed offspring to streptozotocin which revealed a protective role of low-dose gestational AgNPs exposure against streptozotocin-induced diabetes and associated nephropathy.
Acute myocardial infarction in pregnancy and the puerperium: a population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the population-based incidence and pregnancy outcomes of acute myocardial infarction (MI) in pregnancy. METHODS: Maternal and newborn hospital discharge records were linked to birth/death certificates for the 10-year period January 1, 1991, to December 30, 2000, for the majority (98%) of deliveries in California. This database was searched for the diagnosis of acute MI, demographic characteristics, and pregnancy outcomes. Patients were divided into 4 groups: antenatal diagnosis, intrapartum diagnosis, up to 6-week postpartum diagnosis, and those without the diagnosis of acute MI. All groups were compared by Student t test or chi(2) or both, where appropriate. RESULTS: A total of 151 women had an acute MI during the antepartum (38%), intrapartum (21%), or 6-week postpartum (41%) period, giving an incidence rate of 1 in 35,700 deliveries. The incidence rate increased over the study period. The maternal mortality rate was 7.3%, and maternal death only occurred in women with an acute MI before or at delivery (P < .01). Compared with women who did not have an acute MI, those with one were more likely to be older (30% were older than 35 years compared with 10%), multiparous (78% compared with 61%), non-Hispanic white (40% compared with 35%) or African Americans (15% compared with 7%). All measures of maternal and neonatal morbidity were increased in the acute MI group compared with those without an acute MI. Multivariate analysis identified chronic hypertension, diabetes, advancing maternal age, eclampsia, and severe preeclampsia as independent risk factors for acute MI. CONCLUSION: Acute MI during pregnancy remains a rare event, with significant maternal, fetal, and neonatal morbidity and mortality and maternal mortality limited to the antepartum and intrapartum period.
Comparison of risk factors for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in Japanese singleton pregnancies.; AIM: To demonstrate the difference between risk factors for gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia (PE). MATERIAL AND METHODS: Using data from women with no essential hypertension and with singleton births between 2001 and 2005 delivering after 22 weeks of gestation at 125 centers in Japan (Japan Perinatal Registry Network) (n =241 292), we compared risk factors for GH and PE. Odds ratios were calculated using multivariate logistic regression analyses. RESULTS: Of 241 292 women, 2808 (1.2%) developed GH and 6423 (2.7%) developed PE. Thirty-five years or older, primiparity, diabetes mellitus, and renal disease increased the risk of both hypertensive conditions. Forty years or older was a risk factor only for GH, while primiparity, female baby, and renal disease were risk factors only for PE. Early-onset was a common risk factor for small-for-gestational-age (SGA) in GH and PE, but in late-onset only PE was a risk factor for SGA. The main population of SGA infants was composed of PE cases because PE accounted for 83.3% of early-onset type before 32 weeks. Girl preponderance in the PE women was observed (sex ratio: boys/girls=0.904), while slight boy preponderance was seen in normotensive women (1.06) and GH (1.02). CONCLUSION: Preeclampsia is associated with lower fetal sex ratio (girl preponderance) compared to GH or normotensive. Presence of hypertension is a risk factor for SGA in early-onset GH and PE, and hypertension and proteinuria are risk factors for SGA in late-onset group.
[Periodontitis and systemic disease relationships].; Recently, it has been recognized, that oral infection especially periodontitis may affect the pathomechanism and course of a number of systemic diseases, such as: cardiovascular, cerebrovascular diseases, atheromatous peripheral vascular disease bacterial pneumonia, diabetes mellitus, osteoporosis, or cause adverse pregnancy outcome. This review will focus on the current knowledge linking periodontal infections to a set of above mentioned systemic diseases. While a number of their mutual interactions have been already identified, additional research will be required to determine with certainty, whether these associations are casual or coincidental and to evaluate disease pathogenesis and potential therapeutic interventions.
Familial (shared environmental and genetic) factors and the foetal origins of cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes: a review of the literature.; Several researchers have argued that observed associations between birth weight and cardiovascular diseases, and type 2 diabetes, may be confounded by familial (shared environmental and genetic) factors. However, most studies have found that shared environmental factors, including socio-economic factors, do not influence the foetal origins of adult diseases. Results from two twin studies suggest that genetic factors may be of importance for the association between birth weight and risks of coronary heart disease, but findings from intergenerational studies are not consistent with genetic confounding. More studies have assessed the importance of genetic factors with respect to risk factors of coronary heart, including raised blood pressure and lipid levels. Recent findings suggest that the association between birth weight and hypertension is independent of genetic factors. In contrast, recent twin and intergenerational studies favour the hypothesis that the association between birth weight and risk of type 2 diabetes is confounded by genetic factors.
Pharmaceutical cost and multimorbidity with type 2 diabetes mellitus using electronic health record data.; BACKGROUND: The objective of the study is to estimate the frequency of multimorbidity in type 2 diabetes patients classified by health statuses in a European region and to determine the impact on pharmaceutical expenditure. METHODS: Cross-sectional study of the inhabitants of a southeastern European region with a population of 5,150,054, using data extracted from Electronic Health Records for 2012. 491,854 diabetic individuals were identified and selected through clinical codes, Clinical Risk Groups and diabetes treatment and/or blood glucose reagent strips. Patients with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes were excluded. All measurements were obtained at individual level. The prevalence of common chronic diseases and co-occurrence of diseases was established using factorial analysis. RESULTS: The estimated prevalence of diabetes was 9.6 %, with nearly 70 % of diabetic patients suffering from more than two comorbidities. The most frequent of these was hypertension, which for the groups of patients in Clinical Risk Groups (CRG) 6 and 7 was 84.3 % and 97.1 % respectively. Regarding age, elderly patients have more probability of suffering complications than younger people. Moreover, women suffer complications more frequently than men, except for retinopathy, which is more common in males. The highest use of insulins, oral antidiabetics (OAD) and combinations was found in diabetic patients who also suffered cardiovascular disease and neoplasms. The average cost for insulin was 153€ and that of OADs 306€. Regarding total pharmaceutical cost, the greatest consumers were patients with comorbidities of respiratory illness and neoplasms, with respective average costs of 2,034.2€ and 1,886.9€. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes is characterized by the co-occurrence of other diseases, which has implications for disease management and leads to a considerable increase in consumption of medicines for this pathology and, as such, pharmaceutical expenditure.
[Effect of advanced maternal age on birth defects and postnatal complications of neonates].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effect of advanced maternal age on birth defects and postnatal complications of neonates. METHODS: Among the 1 109 neonates who were born at The First People's Hospital of Yunnan Province between January 2014 and December 2015, 536 neonates whose mothers were aged ≥35 years were enrolled as advanced age group and 573 neonates whose mothers were aged <35 years were enrolled as appropriate-age group. The incidences of the comorbidities in pregnancy, fetal intrauterine distress, neonatal birth defects, and postnatal complications were compared between the two groups. A univariate logistic regression analysis was performed to analyze the effect of advanced maternal age on neonatal comorbidities during perinatal period. RESULTS: Compared with the appropriate-age group, the advanced age group had significantly higher rate of caesarean section and incidence rates of multiple birth, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, in vitro fertilization, and fetal intrauterine distress (P<0.01). The neonates in the advanced age group had a significantly higher incidence rate of cleft lip and palate and a significantly lower rate of skeletal dysplasia than in the appropriate-age group (P<0.05). Advanced maternal age was the risk factor for fetal intrauterine distress (OR=2.27, 95%CI: 1.33-3.88, P=0.003), neonatal resuscitation (OR=1.66, 95%CI: 1.19-2.31, P=0.003), and intracranial hemorrhage (OR=2.70, 95%CI: 1.21-6.04, P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: The women of maternal advanced age have higher incidence rates of pregnancy comorbidities than those of appropriate age, and the neonates born to the mothers of advanced maternal age have a higher incidence rate of cleft lip and palate. Advanced maternal age may increase the risks of fetal intrauterine distress, neonatal resuscitation, and intracranial hemorrhage.
Increased LDL cholesterol and CRP in infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Proatherogenic stimuli during foetal life may predispose to development of atherosclerosis in adulthood. Elevated plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and C-reactive protein (CRP) expression is associated with increased risk of atherosclerosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this study, we examined how maternal type 1 diabetes affects foetal plasma LDL cholesterol and CRP. In comparison with healthy mothers, the plasma LDL cholesterol was not increased in the mothers with diabetes, however, the umbilical-cord plasma LDL cholesterol was increased in their infants. CRP was increased in infants of mothers with diabetes and high haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c, > or = 6.2%). Human placenta expresses microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP), which facilitates secretion of apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins. Microsomal triglyceride transfer activity was slightly higher (11%) in placentas from mothers with diabetes and HbA1c > or = 6.2% compared with the controls. CONCLUSION: The results suggest that maternal type 1 diabetes increases the foetal plasma LDL cholesterol and CRP concentration and thus might predispose the offspring to development of atherosclerosis.
Nitrotyrosine immunostaining correlates with increased extracellular matrix: evidence of postplacental hypoxia.; Nitrotyrosine residues (NT), an index of oxidative stress arising from peroxynitrite formation and action, are found in placental vasculature of pregnancies complicated by pre-eclampsia (PE) or pregestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM). This study correlates conventional placental pathology with NT immunostaining in 20 cases of perinatal mortality (13 stillbirths and seven cases of neonatal mortality) associated with PE, IDDM, amniotic fluid infection syndrome (AFIS), or from fetal/neonatal demise not related to these conditions (congenital anomalies) (n = five/group). Patients with PE have more decidual arteriolopathy and Tenney-Parker change, while patients with IDDM and ascending infection have more villous cytotrophoblastic hyperplasia. Archival paraffin-embedded placental sections were immunostained for NT for correlation with clinical features and H&E histological findings. The intensity of immunostaining for NT varied from absent (n = 7) to 1+ (n = 5) or 2+ (n = 8). All eight placentae with 2+ staining showed increased villous extracellular matrix (ECM), compared to none of five with 1+ staining and two of seven with no staining (chi2 = 14.3, P = 0.001). There was no statistically significant difference in the percentage of stem villi with luminal vascular abnormalities (5.7 vs 10 vs 35.7 per cent, F = 2.3, P = 0.1). Our data show that increased production of reactive oxygen species by placental tissue may be associated with increased extracellular matrix, itself produced by fibroblasts under the influence of oxygen. NT immunostaining may therefore help differentiate those cases of perinatal morbidity/mortality associated with post-placental hypoxia provided that the secondary impact of intrauterine fetal death can be excluded by future studies.
Prepregnancy Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in a Safety-Net Hospital.; Background: Many adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. However, APO data in the context of pre-existing CVD risk factors, and from diverse populations, are limited. We assessed the occurrence of APOs among individuals with and without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, overall and by race/ethnicity. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study using electronic medical record data from a large urban safety-net hospital. Individuals with prenatal care and delivery between 2016 and 2018 at the hospital were included, and data from prenatal intake through the delivery hospitalization were captured. The exposure, prepregnancy CVD risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, tobacco use, and obesity), and the outcome, APOs (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, low birth weight, and stillbirth), were identified from electronic medical records. Results: We identified 3760 unique delivering individuals, of whom 55.1% self-identified as Black non-Hispanic and 17% as Hispanic. Prepregnancy CVD risk factor prevalence was 45.6%, most commonly obesity (26.6%). APO prevalence was 35.6%, most commonly a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (20.1%). Overall, 45.7% of APOs occurred in the absence of recognized prepregnancy CVD risk factors, representing 16.3% of the total sample. Among individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, APO prevalence was 30.0% and did not vary by race/ethnicity. Conclusions: In this racially and ethnically diverse hospital-based sample, APOs were present in one in three parous individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors-a group with potentially elevated CVD risk who might otherwise be missed by traditional CVD risk factor screening.
Pregnancy in a patient with cancer and heart failure: challenges and complexities.; A 24-year-old African American female (L.R.) with a history of smoking and gestational diabetes was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma. She received multiple chemotherapies, including six cycles of ABVD (doxorubicin, bleomycin, vinblastine, and dacarbazine), followed by radiation therapy to left inguinal areas for a total of 30.6 Gy in 17 fractions; she obtained complete remission. Two years later, L.R. had disease relapse in the mediastinum and received two cycles of ESHAP (etoposide, methylprednisolone, high-dose cytarabine, cisplatin) followed by etoposide and ifosfamide. She then received BEAM (carmustine, etoposide, cytarabine, and melphalan) as a conditioning regimen and underwent autologous bone marrow transplant. Her post-transplant course was complicated by cytomegalovirus antigenemia, aspergillus pneumonia, and congestive heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) of 20%-25%. She was treated with an ACE inhibitor (lisinopril) and a beta-blocker (carvedilol) with improvement of her LVEF to 30%-35%. A follow-up chest x-ray showed an increase in the size of the anterior mediastinal adenopathy suspicious for relapse of lymphoma, and at the same time she was also found to be 5 weeks pregnant. Given her cardiomyopathy, significant obesity, poorly controlled diabetes, and cancer recurrence, L.R. was advised by her gynecologist that the pregnancy was very high risk and might not be viable. The oncologists advised her to terminate the pregnancy within the first trimester, as she needed salvage radiotherapy treatment to the mediastinum and chemotherapy treatments that might endanger the fetus. However, the patient decided to continue with the pregnancy. A multidisciplinary team-which included a cardiologist, oncologist, high-risk obstetrician, pharmacist, and nurse practitioner-was then involved to provide care during the pregnancy. A social worker was also solicited to help with home and financial issues because L.R. was a single mother with a 2-year-old son. L.R. was treated with carvedilol and furosemide, with monthly cardiology clinical follow-up during the first and second trimesters, then every 2 weeks starting with the 28th week, and weekly thereafter until delivery. Between visits, she notified the clinic for symptoms of heart failure exacerbation and was seen as necessary. The possible in utero effects of both medications were discussed with the patient. L.R. had a normal uncomplicated pregnancy and delivered a 6-pound, 10-ounce healthy boy at 39 weeks via vaginal delivery and was discharged home 2 days later. A week after delivery, L.R. presented to the cardiology clinic in good spirits and was excited to show pictures of her newborn baby. She had no cardiac complaints and the repeat echocardiogram showed an unchanged LVEF of 30%-35%.
Early neonatal renal venous thrombosis: long-term outcome.; Renal venous thrombosis was diagnosed in the first week of life in 6 of 30,101 live infant births born at the Chaim Sheba Medical Center in Israel from 1984 to 1989. The thrombosis was unilateral in 5 neonates and bilateral in 1. Predisposing maternal risk factors included 2 cases of maternal diabetes and 1 case of maternal hypertension with associated intrauterine growth retardation. Perinatal risk factors included 2 cases of prematurity with severe hyaline membrane disease, 1 infant who was small for gestational age and another with asphyxia. Follow-up for 1-5 years following the acute event revealed normal growth and development in all infants. None of the patients was hypertensive and all had normal renal glomerular and tubular functions. Renal imaging and scan studies revealed loss of perfusion in 4 atrophic kidneys and diminished perfusion in the remaining 2. In conclusion, although renal venous thrombosis in neonates is associated with low mortality, long-term dysfunction in the affected kidney is common.
Acute myocardial infarction in pregnancy following unlicensed use of methylenedioxymethamphetamine ('Ecstasy').; Acute myocardial infarction is rare in pregnancy; however, the emerging trend towards advanced maternal age and the rising prevalence of obesity and diabetes suggest that more cases of myocardial infarction are likely to be encountered in pregnancy. However, there is scanty evidence on the risk of myocardial infarction with regard to socially misused substances in pregnancy. We describe the management of a case of acute myocardial infarction following unlicensed use of 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine ('Ecstasy') in pregnancy. The case highlights a rare but serious risk associated with substance misuse in pregnancy.
[Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus-clinical recommendations (Update 2019)].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavorable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA1c, blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration.
The impact of maternal obesity on maternal and fetal health.; The increasing rate of maternal obesity provides a major challenge to obstetric practice. Maternal obesity can result in negative outcomes for both women and fetuses. The maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The fetus is at risk for stillbirth and congenital anomalies. Obesity in pregnancy can also affect health later in life for both mother and child. For women, these risks include heart disease and hypertension. Children have a risk of future obesity and heart disease. Women and their offspring are at increased risk for diabetes. Obstetrician-gynecologists are well positioned to prevent and treat this epidemic.
Nutrition in early life and the programming of adult disease: a review.; Foetal development and infancy are life stages that are characterised by rapid growth, development and maturation of organs and systems. Variation in the quality or quantity of nutrients consumed by mothers during pregnancy, or infants during the first year of life, can exert permanent and powerful effects upon developing tissues. These effects are termed 'programming' and represent an important risk factor for noncommunicable diseases of adulthood, including the metabolic syndrome and coronary heart disease. This narrative review provides an overview of the evidence-base showing that indicators of nutritional deficit in pregnancy are associated with a greater risk of type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular mortality. There is also a limited evidence-base that suggests some relationship between breastfeeding and the timing and type of foods used in weaning, and disease in later life. Many of the associations reported between indicators of early growth and adult disease appear to interact with specific genotypes. This supports the idea that programming is one of several cumulative influences upon health and disease acting across the lifespan. Experimental studies have provided important clues to the mechanisms that link nutritional challenges in early life to disease in adulthood. It is suggested that nutritional programming is a product of the altered expression of genes that regulate the cell cycle, resulting in effective remodelling of tissue structure and functionality. The observation that traits programmed by nutritional exposures in foetal life can be transmitted to further generations adds weight the argument that heritable epigenetic modifications play a critical role in nutritional programming.
Elevated Blood Pressure in Pregnancy and Long-Term Cardiometabolic Health Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between elevated blood pressure (BP) in the early third trimester and cardiometabolic health 10-14 years after delivery. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis from the prospective HAPO FUS (Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Follow-Up Study). Blood pressure in the early third trimester was categorized per American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association thresholds for: normal BP below 120/80 mm Hg (reference), elevated BP 120-129/below 80 mm Hg, stage 1 hypertension 130-139/80-89 mm Hg, and stage 2 hypertension 140/90 mm Hg or higher. Cardiometabolic outcomes assessed 10-14 years after the index pregnancy were type 2 diabetes mellitus and measures of dyslipidemia, including low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol 130 mg/dL or higher, total cholesterol 200 mg/dL or higher, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol 40 mg/dL or lower, and triglycerides 200 mg/dL or higher. Adjusted analysis was performed with the following covariates: study field center, follow-up duration, age, body mass index (BMI), height, family history of hypertension and diabetes, smoking and alcohol use, parity, and oral glucose tolerance test glucose z score. RESULTS: Among 4,692 pregnant individuals at a median gestational age of 27.9 weeks (interquartile range 26.6-28.9 weeks), 8.5% (n=399) had elevated BP, 14.9% (n=701) had stage 1 hypertension, and 6.4% (n=302) had stage 2 hypertension. At a median follow-up of 11.6 years, among individuals with elevated BP, there was a higher frequency of diabetes (elevated BP: adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.88, 95% CI, 1.06-3.35; stage 1 hypertension: aRR 2.58, 95% CI, 1.62-4.10; stage 2 hypertension: aRR 2.83, 95% CI, 1.65-4.95) compared with those with normal BP. Among individuals with elevated BP, there was a higher frequency of elevated LDL cholesterol (elevated BP: aRR 1.27, 95% CI, 1.03-1.57; stage 1 hypertension: aRR 1.22, 95% CI, 1.02-1.45, and stage 2 hypertension: aRR 1.38, 95% CI, 1.10-1.74), elevated total cholesterol (elevated BP: aRR 1.27, 95% CI, 1.07-1.52; stage 1 hypertension: aRR 1.16, 95% CI, 1.00-1.35; stage 2 hypertension: aRR 1.41 95% CI, 1.16-1.71), and elevated triglycerides (elevated BP: aRR 2.24, 95% CI, 1.42-3.53; stage 1 hypertension: aRR 2.15, 95% CI, 1.46-3.17; stage 2 hypertension: aRR 3.24, 95% CI, 2.05-5.11) but not of low HDL cholesterol. CONCLUSION: The frequency of adverse cardiometabolic outcomes at 10-14 years after delivery was progressively higher among pregnant individuals with BP greater than 120/80 in the early third trimester.
Women-specific predictors of cardiovascular disease risk - new paradigms.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted CVD mortality in the past few years. Although traditional risk factors for CVD are predictors of increased risk in both men and women, risk factors that are unique to women and related to their reproductive history have recently been considered to be important. The development of CVD in women may correlate with specific events taking place throughout a woman's obstetric and gynaecological history. Gynaecological conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome, premature ovarian failure, surgical and spontaneous menopause, and conditions related to pregnancy, i.e. gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, miscarriages, and preterm birth, may affect the onset, clinical features, and prognosis of CVD later in women's lives. These pathological conditions that develop during the fertile period of life or peri-menopause have been suggested to be early markers of future CVD; their presence presents a unique opportunity for the early identification of women who may be at an increased risk of CVD. The assessment of CV risk in women should not just focus on conventional risk factors but also on different aspects of the gynaecological history to allow specific preventive and therapeutic strategies to be established. This paper reviews the various pathological conditions occurring in women during their fertile period of life and peri-menopause, which have been identified to potentially increase CVD risk.
Perinatal outcome of fetuses predicted to be large-for-gestational age on universal third-trimester ultrasound in non-diabetic pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the perinatal outcome of fetuses predicted to be large-for-gestational age (LGA) on universal third-trimester ultrasound in non-diabetic pregnancies of women attempting vaginal delivery. METHODS: This was a prospective population-based cohort study of patients from a single tertiary maternity unit in the UK offering universal third-trimester ultrasound and practicing expectant management of suspected LGA until 41-42 weeks. All women with a singleton pregnancy and an estimated due date between January 2014 and September 2019 were included. Women delivering before 37 weeks, those having a planned Cesarean delivery, those with pre-existing or gestational diabetes, those with fetal abnormalities and those who did not undergo a third-trimester scan were excluded from the assessment of perinatal outcome of cases with LGA predicted on ultrasound after implementation of the universal scan period. Association of LGA on universal third-trimester ultrasound screening and perinatal adverse outcome was assessed, with the exposures of interest being estimated fetal weight (EFW) at the 90(th) -95(th) , > 95(th) and > 99(th) percentile. The reference group was composed of fetuses with EFW at the 30(th) -70(th) percentile. Analysis was performed using multivariate logistic regression. The evaluated adverse perinatal outcomes included a composite outcome of admission to neonatal intensive care unit, Apgar score < 7 at 5 min and arterial cord pH < 7.1 (CAO1) and a composite outcome of stillbirth, neonatal death and hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (CAO2). Secondary maternal outcomes were induction of labor, mode of delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, shoulder dystocia and obstetric anal sphincter injury. RESULTS: Cases with EFW > 95(th) percentile on universal third-trimester scan were at increased risk of CAO1 (adjusted odds ratio (aOR), 2.18 (95% CI, 1.69-2.80)) and CAO2 (aOR, 2.58 (95% CI, 1.05-6.34)). Cases with EFW at the 90(th) -95(th) percentile had a less pronounced increase in the risk of CAO1 (aOR, 1.35 (95% CI, 1.02-1.78)) and were not at increased risk of CAO2. All pregnancies with a fetus predicted to be LGA were at increased risk of all of the evaluated secondary maternal outcomes except for obstetric anal sphincter injury. The risk of adverse maternal outcome was typically higher with increasing EFW. Post-hoc exploration of data suggested that shoulder dystocia had a limited contribution to composite adverse perinatal outcomes in LGA cases (population attributable fraction of 10.8% for CAO1 and 29.1% for CAO2). CONCLUSIONS: Cases with EFW > 95(th) percentile are at increased risk of severe adverse perinatal outcome, such as death and hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. These findings should aid antenatal counseling regarding the associated risk and delivery options. © 2023 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The role of maternal nutrition, metabolic function and the placenta in developmental programming of renal dysfunction.; The intrauterine environment is critical for the development of the foetus. Barker and colleagues were the first to identify that adverse perturbations during foetal development are associated with an increased risk of developing diseases in adulthood, including cardiorenal disease. Specifically for the kidney, perturbations in utero can lead to nephron deficits and renal dysfunction by a number of mechanisms. Altered programming of nephron number is associated with an increased risk of developing kidney disease via glomerular hypertrophy and reduced vasodilative capacity of the renal blood vessels; both of which would contribute to hypertension in adulthood, with males being more susceptible to disease outcomes. Additionally, alterations in the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) such as an upregulation or downregulation of specific receptors, depending on the nature of the insult, have also been implicated in the development of renal dysfunction. Sex-specific differences in the expression of the RAS during late gestation and in the early postnatal environment have also been identified. Extensive research has demonstrated that both uteroplacental insufficiency and maternal malnutrition alter renal development in utero. Equally, exposure to maternal diabetes and maternal obesity during development are also associated with an increased risk of developing renal disease, however, the mechanism behind this association is poorly understood. Therefore, identifying the link between an adverse intrauterine environment and the programmed kidney disease risk in adulthood may facilitate the development of strategies to alleviate the epidemics of cardiorenal disease worldwide, in addition to understanding why males are more susceptible to adult-onset cardiovascular diseases.
Live Birth Following Uterine Transplantation From a Nulliparous Deceased Donor.; BACKGROUND: Nulliparous uterine grafts have never been used in uterus transplantation (UTx), possibly due to presumed infertility. Our objective was to verify the feasibility of nulliparous uterine graft transplantation. METHODS: The Czech Uterus Transplant Trial (registered under ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT03277430) is a 2-arm trial comparing the efficacy of deceased donor (DD) versus live-donor uterus transplant (10 patients in both arms). A 25-year-old patient suffering from inborn absolute uterine factor infertility underwent a DD uterus transplant. The donor was a 20-year-old nulliparous brain-dead donor. RESULTS: The transplant procedure was uneventful. The posttransplant period was complicated by (1) recurrent episodes of acute cellular rejection, (2) neutropenia necessitating the administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, (3) vaginal anastomotic stenosis treated with the insertion of a self-expanding stent, (4) the concurrence of Clostridium difficile colitis and acute appendicitis, and (5) temporary renal function impairment of a combined cause. Two years after the UTx, after the fourth embryo transfer, the patient became pregnant. Apart from gestational diabetes mellitus, the pregnancy was uneventful. Due to preterm contractions, delivery was achieved via caesarean section at gestational age 34 + 6 years. The postoperative course was uneventful for both the mother and the newborn. CONCLUSIONS: Herein, we report the first live birth after a DD UTx in Europe. This report provides a proof of concept that nulliparous uteri may present a suitable source of uterine grafts for UTx. Stenting may serve as a feasible treatment method for vaginal anastomotic stenosis.
Early Coronary Atherosclerosis in Women With Previous Preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Women with previous preeclampsia have an increased risk of coronary artery disease later in life. OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to determine the prevalence of coronary atherosclerosis in younger women with previous preeclampsia in comparison with women from the general population. METHODS: Women aged 40-55 years with previous preeclampsia were matched 1:1 on age and parity with women from the general population. Participants completed an extensive questionnaire, a clinical examination, and a coronary computed tomography angiography (CTA). The main study outcome was the prevalence of any coronary atherosclerosis on coronary CTA or a calcium score >0 in case of a nondiagnostic coronary CTA. RESULTS: A total of 1,417 women, with a mean age of 47 years, were included (708 women with previous preeclampsia and 709 control subjects from the general population). Women with previous preeclampsia were more likely to have hypertension (284 [40.1%] vs 162 [22.8%]; P < 0.001), dyslipidemia (338 [47.7%] vs 296 [41.7%]; P = 0.023), diabetes mellitus (24 [3.4%] vs 8 [1.1%]; P = 0.004), and high body mass index (27.3 ± 5.7 kg/m(2) vs 25.0 ± 4.2 kg/m(2); P < 0.001). Cardiac computed tomography was performed in all women. The prevalence of any coronary atherosclerosis was higher in the preeclampsia group (193 [27.4%] vs 141 [20.0%]; P = 0.001) with an OR: 1.41 (95% CI: 1.08-1.85; P = 0.012) after adjustment for age, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus, smoking, body mass index, menopause, and parity. CONCLUSIONS: Younger women with previous preeclampsia had a slightly higher prevalence of coronary atherosclerosis compared with age- and parity-matched women from the general population. Preeclampsia remained an independent risk factor after adjustment for traditional cardiovascular risk factors. (The CoPenHagen PREeClampsia and cardIOvascUlar diSease study [CPH-PRECIOUS]; NCT03949829).
Acute type A aortic dissection complicating pregnancy at 32 weeks: surgical repair after cesarean section.; A 40-year-old, gravida 2, para 1 woman presented at a gestational age of 32 + 5 weeks' with sudden onset of a sharp chest and thoracic back pain. She was admitted 1 hour before the onset of pain because of some minor postcoital vaginal blood loss. Pregnancy was uneventful until 30 weeks of pregnancy when mild gestational diabetes was diagnosed. Computer tomography demonstrated a type A aortic dissection. A healthy male infant of 2105 g was delivered by emergency cesarean section followed by a Bentall procedure with composite graft replacement of the aorta, and aortic valve replacement was performed. Rapid multidisciplinary consultation, collaboration, and quick decision making led to a successful outcome for both the mother and her child.
Neuron specific enolase in amniotic fluid--a possible indicator for fetal distress and brain implication.; It can be suggested that a NSE concentration in body fluids above the normal range may indicate brain damage, because NSE is found in neurons and neuroendocrine cells only. In this paper the concentration of the neuron specific enolase (NSE) in the amniotic fluid of normal and high risk pregnancies was investigated. Sixty-three samples of amniotic fluid were collected from 55 pregnant women and women in labor between the 19th and the 42nd gestational week. In 24 normal pregnancies 1.02 +/- 0.31 microgram NSE/L (mean +/- SD) were found. A relationship of NSE concentration was not found for gestational age, uterine contractions, age and parity of the mother, infant's birth weight or 1 min Apgar score. Maternal diseases such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension and others do not result in any increase of NSE concentration in the amniotic fluid (N = 20; 1.06 +/- 0.24 microgram NSE/L). Fetal and birth related high risk factors such as meconium stained amniotic fluid, cord around the neck, severe decelerations of the fetal heart rate or combinations of these factors caused the NSE concentration to exceed significantly normal values (N = 17; 2.22 +/- 0.87 microgram NSE/L). Due to its high organ and cell specificity, NSE may be a possible parameter for brain damage due to hypoxia in the fetus and newborn; however, only subsequent neurological and psychological examinations of these children can indicate the prognostic value of an elevation of NSE concentration in amniotic fluid.
Biomarkers of oxidative stress and antioxidant status in children born small for gestational age: evidence of lipid peroxidation.; Children born small for gestational age are known to be at increased risk for adult diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, and coronary heart disease. Oxidative stress is a common feature of these pathogenic conditions and can be the key link between size at birth and increased morbidity later in life. The purpose of this study was to analyze the parameters of lipoperoxidation and changes in antioxidant defense system as well as assess their relationship to birth weight. Concentrations of thiobarbituric-acid-reactive-substances and F2-isoprostanes, total antioxidant status, and the activity of both superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase were measured in 65 children (33 boys, 32 girls; ages 8-13 y). Thiobarbituric-acid-reactive-substances and F2-isoprostane levels were significantly elevated in children born small for gestational age. Nevertheless, superoxide dismutase activity was significantly elevated in these children and the levels of both glutathione peroxidase activity and total antioxidant status were unchanged. Moreover, we found that systolic blood pressure was positively associated with thiobarbituric-acid-reactive-substances levels in race- and gender-adjusted models but not in a multivariable regression model. In conclusion, the current study revealed that there is evidence of oxidative stress in children born small for gestational age as supported by increased lipid peroxidation.
The Fourth Trimester: a Time for Enhancing Transitions in Cardiovascular Care.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The "fourth trimester" concept, defined as the first 12 weeks after delivery (and beyond), is a critical window of time for clinicians to intervene to optimize women's cardiovascular health after pregnancy. A timely and comprehensive postpartum cardiovascular assessment should be performed in all women following delivery in order to (1) follow up medical conditions present prior to conception, (2) evaluate symptoms and signs of common postpartum complications, and (3) identify risk factors and prevent future adverse cardiovascular outcomes. In this review, we aim to discuss major maternal cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, postpartum weight retention, and postpartum depression, as well as lactation as a potential protective risk modifying factor. Additionally, we will review effectiveness of outpatient interventions to enhance transitions in cardiovascular care during the fourth trimester. RECENT FINDINGS: A seamless hand-off from obstetric to primary care, and potentially cardiology, is needed for early detection and management of hypertension, weight, glycemic control, stress and mood, and long-term cardiovascular risk. Additionally, the use of telemedicine, blood pressure self-monitoring, remote activity monitoring, and behavioral health coaches are potentially feasible modalities to augment clinic-based care for cardiovascular risk factors and weight management, but additional studies are needed to study their long-term effectiveness. SUMMARY: Development of a comprehensive postpartum care plan with careful consideration of each patient's risk profile and access to resources is critical to improve maternal morbidity and mortality, reduce health disparities, and achieve long-term cardiovascular health for women. Supporting postpartum well-being of women during this transition period requires a multidisciplinary approach, especially primary care engagement, and planning should start before delivery.
Diabetic leg and foot ulcers: how district nurses can promote wound healing through blood glucose control.; Diabetes is a chronic and often life-long condition that is a consequence of the blood glucose level being too high (National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE), 2019). Diabetes covers a range of conditions such as type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes. It has been well documented that uncontrolled blood glucose levels can lead to further circulatory damage, which impedes the wound healing process and often results in chronic wounds that do not heal. This article uses data collected from an audit and explores how district nursing teams can improve wound healing for those living at home with diabetic ulcers (DUs) by regularly monitoring blood glucose levels. This is followed by a discussion on how district nurses can support their team to adapt best practice, and the benefits of regularly checking blood glucose levels, even for service users that manage their diabetes with diet or oral medication. The article also explores how the multidisciplinary team can be accessed and used efficiently and how leadership skills can improve service user care and safety.
Factors causing timely referral for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of congenital heart malformations: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most frequently inherited illnesses associated with adverse outcomes. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the referral cause for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of major CHD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, the data of 1772 pregnant women, referred to a diagnostic clinic during 2017-2020, were reviewed. Data were collected from participants on maternal age, gestational age, history of previous child's heart disease, body mass, the order of birth of children (baby birth rank), type of woman's disease, history of poor midwifery, and nuchal translucency (NT). RESULTS: Of the 1772 pregnant women, only 33 women (1.8%) had a fetus with CHD major. Abnormality in ultrasound (57.6%), history of abortion (36.4%), increased NT and gestational diabetes (18.2%) and gestational diabetes (18.2%) were identified as the most common referral reasons for fetal echocardiography in these women. Other reasons included a previous child with Down syndrome (12.1%), a previous child with heart disease (12.1%), a history of stillbirth (12.1%), hypothyroidism (12.1%), taking medication during the pregnancy period (9.0%), no underlying disease (9.0%), multiple pregnancies (6.0%), diagnosis with high-risk fetal heart disease (3.0%), high-risk combined aneuploidy screening test in the first trimester (3.0%), in vitro fertilizationpregnancy (3.0%), and having a child with an intellectual disability (3.0%). CONCLUSION: According to the results, it can be concluded that ultrasound abnormality, abortion, increased NT and gestational diabetes are the most important factors for referring pregnant women for fetal echocardiography.
Consequences of smoking during pregnancy on maternal health.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the incidence of maternal cardiovascular and pulmonary events and the prevalence of other comorbid conditions among pregnant smokers. METHODS: We queried the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) for pregnancy-related discharge codes for the years 2000-2004. The prevalence of various conditions and the incidence of various complications were compared between smokers and nonsmokers. RESULTS: The majority of smokers were young and white and had public insurance. Smokers were more likely to have experienced deep vein thrombosis (odds ratio [OR] 1.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1, 1.6), stroke (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.2, 2.5), pulmonary embolus (OR 2.5, 95% CI 2.1, 3.0), and myocardial infarction (OR 4.6, 95% CI 3.3, 6.4). They were 3 times more likely to have experienced influenza or pneumonia (OR 2.9, 95% CI 2.7, 3.2) and 15 times more likely to have bronchitis (OR 15.2, 95% CI 12.8, 18.2). They were more likely to suffer from a number of comorbidities, including asthma (OR 4.0, 95% CI 3.7, 4.2) and gastrointestinal ulcers (OR 3.7, 95% CI 2.6, 5.5). Although they were less likely to have experienced gestational diabetes (OR 0.9, 95% CI 0.9, 1.0), preeclampsia (OR 0.8, 95% CI 0.8, 0.9), or eclampsia (OR 0.7, 95% CI 0.6, 0.9), they were more than 5 times as likely to have experienced an ectopic pregnancy (OR 5.4, 95% CI 4.6, 6.3). CONCLUSIONS: Smoking has a negative impact on maternal health. Counseling about the risks of smoking in pregnancy should include not only fetal risks but maternal risks as well.
Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy.; Myocardial infarction complicating pregnancy is an important cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. The coexistence of obesity, diabetes, chronic hypertension, and delayed age at pregnancy is expected to increase the prevalence of myocardial infarction during pregnancy. Timely treatment in the form of percutaneous coronary intervention has dramatically improved outcomes. Early medical treatment with antiplatelet and antithrombotic agents is important, and maternal fetal medicine specialists must be familiar with it. In this article we will describe the basic initial medical management of patients with an acute coronary syndrome.
[Diabetic pre-retinopathy].; In 169 out of 409 diabetic patients without any ophthalmoscopically or biomicroscopically visible retinal changes, typical symptoms of diabetic pre-retinopathy were revealed by fluorescein angiography: capillary dilatation (89.3%), capillary occlusion (78.7%), leakage from small blood vessels (54.4%) and arteriovenous shunts (40.8%). No correlation was found between the duration of the diabetes mellitus and the onset of diabetic pre-retinopathy. Juvenile diabetics developed significantly more capillary occlusions, while in diabetics of advanced age capillary occlusions and leakage from small vessels were encountered with almost equal frequency.
Brain development, intelligence and cognitive outcome in children born small for gestational age.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) can lead to infants being born small for gestational age (SGA). SGA is associated with increased neonatal morbidity and mortality as well as short stature, cardiovascular disease, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus type 2, dyslipidemia and end-stage renal disease in adulthood. In addition, SGA children have decreased levels of intelligence and cognition, although the effects are mostly subtle. The overall outcome of each child is the result of a complex interaction between intrauterine and extrauterine factors. Animal and human studies show structural alterations in the brains of individuals with IUGR/SGA. The presence of growth hormone (GH) receptors in the brain implies that the brain is also a target for GH. Exogenous GH theoretically has the ability to act on the brain. This is exemplified by the effects of GH on cognition in GH-deficient adults. In SGA children, data on the effect of exogenous GH on intelligence and cognition are scant and contradictory.
Techniques of monitoring blood glucose during pregnancy for women with pre-existing diabetes.; BACKGROUND: There are a number of ways of monitoring blood glucose in women with diabetes during pregnancy, with self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) recommended as a key component of the management plan. No existing systematic reviews consider the benefits/effectiveness of different techniques of blood glucose monitoring on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. The effectiveness of the various monitoring techniques is unclear. This review is an update of a review that was first published in 2014 and subsequently updated in 2017. OBJECTIVES: To compare techniques of blood glucose monitoring and their impact on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. SEARCH METHODS: For this update, we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (1 November 2018), and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs comparing techniques of blood glucose monitoring including SMBG, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), automated telemedicine monitoring or clinic monitoring among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (type 1 or type 2). Trials investigating timing and frequency of monitoring were also eligible for inclusion. RCTs using a cluster-randomised design were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. MAIN RESULTS: This review update includes a total of 12 trials (863) women (792 women with type 1 diabetes and 152 women with type 2 diabetes). The trials took place in Europe, the USA and Canada. Three of the 12 included studies are at low risk of bias, eight studies are at moderate risk of bias, and one study is at high risk of bias. Four trials reported that they were provided with the continuous glucose monitors free of charge or at a reduced cost by the manufacturer.Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) versus intermittent glucose monitoring, (four studies, 609 women)CGM may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia and pregnancy-induced hypertension) (risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.39 to 0.85; 2 studies, 384 women; low-quality evidence), although it should be noted that only two of the four relevant studies reported data for this composite outcome. Conversely, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre-eclampsia (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.08; 4 studies, 609 women, moderate-quality evidence). There was also no clear reduction in caesarean section (average RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.18; 3 studies, 427 women; I(2) = 41%; moderate-quality evidence) or large-for-gestational age (average RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.26; 3 studies, 421 women; I(2) = 70%; low-quality evidence) with CGM. There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.05 to 12.61, 71 infants, 1 study; low-quality evidence), or mortality or morbidity composite (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.06; 1 study, 200 women) as the evidence was based on single studies of low quality. CGM appears to reduce neonatal hypoglycaemia (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.93; 3 studies, 428 infants). Neurosensory disability was not reported.Other methods of glucose monitoringFor the following five comparisons, self-monitoring versus a different type of self-monitoring (two studies, 43 women); self-monitoring at home versus hospitalisation (one study, 100 women), pre-prandial versus post-prandial glucose monitoring (one study, 61 women), automated telemedicine monitoring versus conventional system (three studies, 84 women), and constant CGM versus intermittent CGM (one study, 25 women), it is uncertain whether any of the interventions has any impact on any of our GRADE outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, caesarean section, large-for-gestational age) because the quality of the evidence was found to be very low. This was due to evidence largely being derived from single trials, with design limitations and limitations with imprecision (wide CIs, small sample sizes, and few events). There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality and neonatal mortality and morbidity composite. Other important outcomes, such as neurosensory disability, were not reported in any of these comparisons. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Two new studies (406 women) have been incorporated to one of the comparisons for this update. Although the evidence suggests that CGM in comparison to intermittent glucose monitoring may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre-eclampsia, and so this result should be viewed with caution. No differences were observed for other primary outcomes for this comparison. The evidence base for the effectiveness of other monitoring techniques analysed in the other five comparisons is weak and based on mainly single studies with very low-quality evidence. Additional evidence from large well-designed randomised trials is required to inform choices of other glucose monitoring techniques and to confirm the effectiveness of CGM.
Case report: Goldenhar syndrome following donor oocyte IVF.; PURPOSE: To describe a case of Goldenhar syndrome in a couple receiving donated oocytes in an 'egg sharing' IVF cycle where the recipient of donor oocytes had Turner syndrome, hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes. METHODS: Case report RESULTS: Child born to oocyte recipient with Goldenhar syndrome CONCLUSIONS: We believe this is the first reported case of a child born with Goldenhar syndrome following use of donated oocytes in IVF by a woman with Turner syndrome, hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Cell-free nucleic acids in prenatal diagnosis and pregnancy-associated diseases.; There is a great effort to find out the biological role of cell-free nucleic acids (cfNAs). They are considered very promising targets in the diagnosis of genetic diseases. Non-invasive sampling (liquid biopsy) has recently become a very popular method, and new molecular biological techniques have been developed for these types of samples. Application of next-generation sequencing (NGS) and massively parallel sequencing (MPS) is spreading fast. These are the part of the arsenal of the modern prenatal genetic diagnostic laboratories by now. Cell-free DNA based noninvasive prenatal testing accounts for more than half of the prenatal genetic tests performed, it is gradually replacing the invasive amniocentesis or chorionic villus sample-based diagnostics. Besides that, new non-coding RNAs are taking more attention: microRNAs (miRNAs), long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), circular RNAs (circRNAs) are in the focus of the clinical research to detect the most common pregnancy-associated diseases, like preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart diseases and gestational diabetes. The research is at advanced stage on the use of microRNAs, while lncRNAs and circRNAs are still promising targets. In this review, comprehensive information is given about the recent developments on this field.
Early Methylglyoxal Exposure Leads to Worsened Cardiovascular Function in Young Rats.; BACKGROUND: Though maternal diabetes effects are well described in the literature, the effects of maternal diabetes in postnatal phases are often overlooked. Diabetic individuals have higher levels of circulating glycotoxins, and there is a positive correlation between maternal-derived glycotoxins and circulating glycotoxins in their progeny. Previous studies evaluated the metabolic effects of high glycotoxin exposure during lactation in adult animals. However, here we focus on the cardiovascular system of juvenile rats. METHODS: For this, we used two experimental models: 1. High Methylglyoxal (MG) environment: pregnant Wistar rats were injected with PBS (VEH group) or Methylglyoxal (MG group; 60 mg/kg/day; orally, postnatal day (PND) 3 to PND14). 2. GLO-1 inhibition: pregnant Wistar rats were injected with dimethyl sulfoxide (VEH group) or a GLO-1 inhibitor (BBGC group; 5 mg/kg/day; subcutaneously, PND1-PND5). The offspring were evaluated at PND45. RESULTS: MG offspring presented cardiac dysfunction and subtly worsened vasomotor responses in the presence of perivascular adipose tissue, without morphological alterations. In addition, an endogenous increase in maternal glycotoxins impacts offspring vasomotricity due to impaired redox status. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that early glycotoxin exposure led to cardiac and vascular impairments, which may increase the risk for developing cardiovascular diseases later in life.
IMPORTANCE OF ISOLATED GESTATIONAL HYPOTHYROXINEMIA IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF OBSTETRIC AND SOMATIC PATHOLOGIES.; The isolated hypothyroxinemia of pregnancy (IHP) has gained specific attention in the specialized literature during the recent years as the possible factor impeding the intellectual development of fetus and increasing the risk of complications related with pregnancy, delivery and perinatal period. Aim of the study was to define the importance of isolated hypothyroxinemia in the development of obstetric and somatic pathologies in outpatient population of pregnant females. The study of prospective design was performed at the base of "David Gagua Clinic" Ltd. Based on hospital referral we selected the pregnant patients who were diagnosed for isolated hypothyroxinemia in the 1st trimester of pregnancy by clinical-laboratory studies. 104 pregnant females with isolated hypothyroxinemia were included in the main group, and 58 pregrant females of reproductive age who were not identified to have thyroid pathology by screening studies were included in the control group,. The questionnaire used in the study process included the retrospective medical history data, demographic findings, information about premorbid background, genetic burden of somatic pathology, social-economical factors (including education level, living conditions, economic income, family environment etc.) and concomitant somatic pathology. In addition, it included the clinical and para-clinical study data and pregnancy follow-up findings. The test studies for thyroid status were performed every trimester and after one month postpartum. The software packages Microsoft Excel (2010) and SPSS/v.12 was used for statistical treatment of data. The digital data is presented by M±STD, where M is the arithmetic mean and STD is the standard deviation of arithmetic mean. To define the confidence interval for the indices and their relation, we calculated 2 and p, whose critical value was defined to be 0.05. Based on analysis of the acquired data, we found out that pregnant females with isolated hypothyroxinemia were more statistically demonstrating asthenia, dry skin, increased hair loss and fragile nails, and from somatic disorders - pregnancy-associated vomiting and anemia. From concomitant diseases, allergic disorders (18.2%), primary dysmenorrhea (27.8%), spontaneous abortions (25%) were taking the highest incidence rate and other obstetric complications (premature delivery, late delivery) were higher in the main group, though statistically significant difference was not demonstrated. It must be noted that isolated hypothyroxinemia in the studied cohort was mostly found in 1st trimester of pregnancy, whereas according to the literature data, the latter is demonstrated more frequently in the second or third trimester. The above mentioned makes us consider that the iodine deficit in the cohort of pregnant females studied by us was probably present before pregnancy as well and maybe with even higher extent. Thus, the isolated hypothyroxinemia developed in the very first trimester of pregnancy still has its negative impact on the pregnancy course and outcome, despite of applied treatment. According to performed studies and their results, for the prevention of obstetric and perinatal complications, its important to administer iodine preparations together with folic acid at pregravid stage in addition to complete elimination of diet abnormalities, plan the pregnancy in stable normothyroxinemia conditions and at positive energetic balance. In addition, its desirable to perform the repeated thyroid status evaluation in the first trimester of pregnancy and timely administration of adequate therapeutic measures in case of finding any pathology.
Intrauterine programming of obesity and type 2 diabetes.; The type 2 diabetes epidemic and one of its predisposing factors, obesity, are major influences on global health and economic burden. It is accepted that genetics and the current environment contribute to this epidemic; however, in the last two decades, both human and animal studies have consolidated considerable evidence supporting the 'developmental programming' of these conditions, specifically by the intrauterine environment. Here, we review the various in utero exposures that are linked to offspring obesity and diabetes in later life, including epidemiological insights gained from natural historical events, such as the Dutch Hunger Winter, the Chinese famine and the more recent Quebec Ice Storm. We also describe the effects of gestational exposure to endocrine disruptors, maternal infection and smoking to the fetus in relation to metabolic programming. Causal evidence from animal studies, motivated by human observations, is also discussed, as well as some of the proposed underlying molecular mechanisms for developmental programming of obesity and type 2 diabetes, including epigenetics (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications) and microRNA interactions. Finally, we examine the effects of non-pharmacological interventions, such as improving maternal dietary habits and/or increasing physical activity, on the offspring epigenome and metabolic outcomes.
Aqueductal Stenosis Has a New Dimension--Aspergillosis: A Rare Case Report and Review of the Literature.; BACKGROUND: Cerebral aspergillosis, often encountered in immunocompromised patients, is almost always fatal despite radical surgical and medical management and frequently is a finding at autopsy. Attempts at fungal isolation often are unsuccessful, and a high index of radiologic suspicion is necessary. CASE DESCRIPTION: A premature, 5-month-old female infant, born via normal vaginal delivery, presented with a progressive increase in head size since birth, delayed developmental milestones, and intermittent vomiting for 1 month. There was no history of trauma and no evidence of diabetes mellitus or hypertension, family history of tuberculosis, gestational diabetes, jaundice, or febrile eruptions. Neonatal jaundice was present after day 1, remained for 2 days, and was treated with phototherapy. Findings of the general and systemic examinations were unremarkable. Findings of a neurologic examination revealed a hypoactive infant with papilledema and extensor plantar bilaterally. Computed tomography scan of brain showed hydrocephalus attributable to aqueductal stenosis. On endoscopic third ventriculostomy, dense, friable, whitish yellow, nonvascular masses were encountered in the third ventricle, obstructing it. Her endoscopic third ventriculostomy success score was 10 + 0 + 10 = 20%. Histopathologic examination and culture revealed Aspergillus flavus. A week later, a medium-pressure ventriculoperitoneal shunt was done, and voriconazole was added. RESULTS: At discharge on the 7th postoperative day, 4 weeks and 12 weeks later (ie, first and second follow-up) the child was active, playful, and feeding normally. The first reported case of an aqueductal stenosis due to aspergillosis was in 2000 by van Landeghem FK et al. (Clin Neuropathol 19:26-29, 2000). To the best of our knowledge, this may only be the second reported case of hydrocephalus attributable to aqueductal stenosis caused by Aspergillosis. In conclusion, aspergillosis should not be ruled out as a differential diagnosis in aqueductal stenosis, even when the patient seems to be immunocompetent.
Long-Term Effects of Pregnancy Complications on Maternal Health: A Review.; Background: Most pregnancy-related medical complications appear to resolve at delivery or shortly thereafter. Common examples are preterm labor, placental abruption, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Women who developed such complications are known to be at increased risk of developing similar complications in future pregnancies. It has recently become evident that these women are at an increased risk of long term medical complications. Methods: A search through scientific publications in English regarding the association of obstetric complications and long-term maternal illness. Results: There is a clear association between various obstetric complications and long-term effects on maternal health. Conclusions: Women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are at increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life. Data increasingly links maternal vascular, metabolic, and inflammatory complications of pregnancy with an increased risk of vascular disease in later life.
[A Case of Acute Aortic Dissection Following Intrapartum in a Patient with Marfan ' s Syndrome].; A 33-year-old woman was admitted at 34 (+4) weeks after embryo transfer and over 5 d of cutaneous pruritus. Over 2 years ago, the patient had a third-generation test tube baby due to Marfan's syndrome and gave birth to a live baby girl at full term. This time, the glucose tolerance test during the prenatal examination indicated that the patient was with gestational diabetes, and the blood glucose fluctuated within the normal range after the medical nutrition management and exercise control. The heart ultrasound examination during pregnancy showed that the aortic sinus was enlarged to 40 mm, and the left ventricular systolic function was normal. The patient was diagnosed as "intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (mild)". After admission, the gestational age was verified to be 37 (+2) weeks according to the time of embryo transfer, and the diagnostic result was modified to be intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (severe). During the test, the patient complainted back pain, which might interpreted as a sign of aortic dissection. Cesarean section was carried out under multidisciplinary cooperation, during which the amount of bleeding was 600 mL, bilateral uterine artery ligation was performed and a live baby boy was delivered. The body mass of the baby was 3 020 g, and the Apgar scores (1-5-10 min after delivery) were 10-10-10. The postoperative CT angiography showed aortic dissection (Type B). It was found in the follow-up that the patient had no discomforts such as chest tightness and shortness of breath, and recovered well after the delivery.
Identifying patients at risk of type 2 diabetes.; At present there are nearly 3 million people with diabetes in the UK. It is predicted that this number will almost double by 2025. Nine out of ten of these individuals will have type 2 diabetes. It is estimated that one in seven adults have impaired glucose regulation and up to 12% of these will develop type 2 diabetes each year. The impact of obesity on the development of type 2 diabetes cannot be overemphasised, with a 1 kg/m2 increase in BMI raising the risk of impaired fasting glycaemia by 9.5% and of developing new-onset type 2 diabetes by 8.4%. A 1 cm increase in waist circumference increases the risks by 3.2% and 3.5% respectively. NICE advises using a validated risk assessment tool to identify patients at risk of diabetes. Risk factors used by such tools include: age; ethnicity; weight; first-degree relative with type 2 diabetes; low birthweight and sedentary lifestyle. Certain comorbidities increase the risk of type 2 diabetes, these include: cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease; polycystic ovary syndrome; a history of gestational diabetes; and mental health problems. The initial screening blood test could be a fasting plasma glucose, HbA1c, or an oral glucose tolerance test, according to WHO criteria. NICE recommends that high-risk patients should be offered a programme encouraging them to undertake a minimum of 150 minutes of moderate intensity physical activity a week, gradually lose weight to reach and maintain a BMI within the healthy range, increase consumption of whole grains, vegetables, and other foods that are high in dietary fibre, reduce the total amount of fat in their diet and eat less saturated fat.
Small victories, new challenges: two decades of maternal mortality surveillance in Jamaica.; OBJECTIVES: The paper summarizes the changing epidemiology of maternal mortality and the new challenges as Jamaica seeks to contribute to the international goal to reduce maternal mortality by 75% worldwide between 1990 and 2015. METHODS: This is a review of Jamaica's two decades of maternal mortality surveillance experience. RESULTS: Jamaica began episodic reproductive age mortality surveys between 1981 and 1983. In order to move to continuous surveillance, maternal deaths were made a Class 1 notifiable event in 1998. Reporting has steadily improved with over 80% of deaths notified, however events in the first trimester and after the first week post-partum were less likely to be reported. While gestational hypertension remains the leading cause of death, the cause-specific mortality rate has declined in response to specific efforts to reduce its prevalence and consequences. Haemorrhage and infection also declined significantly in prevalence and rank. HIV disease moved rapidly to become the fourth-ranked cause of maternal death. Another lifestyle problem is the growing prevalence of obesity, with its contribution to deaths from heart disease, diabetes mellitus and gestational hypertension. A national maternal mortality surveillance committee has been established to monitor national trends and address policy issues. One of its first tasks will be to develop clinical guidelines to standardize management of the leading direct and indirect complications of pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Jamaica has the capacity to achieve MDG5, however local and national maternal mortality committees and health teams will have to systematically address the deficiencies identified.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension is an independent risk factor for meconium aspiration syndrome: A retrospective population based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS), possibly resulting from fetal hypoxia, is a respiratory distress disorder in the infant. Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) can cause placental dysfunction and lead to fetal hypoxia, which may induce the development of MAS. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine the association between PIH and MAS and to identify the predictive risk factors. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study. We selected patients with newly diagnosed PIH and a matched cohort group from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD), from January 1, 2000 till December 31, 2013. For each patient in the PIH cohort, 4 subjects without PIH, matched for age and year of delivery, were randomly selected as the comparison cohort. The incidence of meconium aspiration syndrome was assessed in both groups. RESULTS: Among the 23.3 million individuals registered in the NHIRD, 29,013 patients with PIH and 116,052 matched controls were identified. Patients who experienced PIH had a higher incidence of MAS than did those without PIH. According to a multivariate analysis, PIH (odds ratio [OR] = 1.70, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.49-1.93, p < 0.0001) was independently associated with increased risk of MAS. Additionally, age ≥30 years (OR = 1.26, 95% CI = 1.12-1.42, p = 0.0001), nulliparity (OR = 1.13, 95% CI = 1.01-1.27, p = 0.0367) and patients with diabetes mellitus (OR = 3.09, 95% CI = 1.35-7.09, p = 0.0078) were also independent risk factors of MAS. CONCLUSION: Patients with PIH obtained higher subsequent risk for the development of MAS than those without PIH. Besides, age ≥30 years, nulliparity and patients with diabetes mellitus are the independent risk factors of developing MAS.
Brief review: hypertension in pregnancy : a manifestation of the insulin resistance syndrome?; Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), which includes both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, is a common and morbid pregnancy complication for which the pathogenesis remains unclear. Emerging evidence suggests that insulin resistance, which has been linked to essential hypertension, may play a role in PIH. Conditions associated with increased insulin resistance, including gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, and obesity, may predispose to hypertensive pregnancy. Furthermore, metabolic abnormalities linked to the insulin resistance syndrome are also observed in women with PIH to a greater degree than in normotensive pregnant women: These include glucose intolerance, hyperinsulinemia, hyperlipidemia, and high levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, leptin, and tumor necrosis factor-alpha. These observations suggest the possibility that insulin resistance may be involved in the pathogenesis of PIH and that approaches that improve insulin sensitivity might have benefit in the prevention or treatment of this syndrome, although this requires further study.
Early Life Determinants of Vascular Structure in Fetuses, Infants, Children, and Adolescents: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between early life exposures during the first 1000 days (conception to age 24 months) and aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), an early indicator of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, in youths. STUDY DESIGN: The MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, CINAHL, and Allied and Complementary Medicine databases were searched from inception to July 2021. Eligibility criteria included observational controlled studies in youths aged <20 years with risk factors/exposures during the first 1000 days and aIMT measurements (unadjusted mean ± SD). Outcome data were pooled using a random-effects meta-analysis. Meta-regression was used to investigate confounders. RESULTS: A total of 8657 articles were identified, of which 34 were included in our meta-analysis. The age of participants ranged from 22.9 weeks gestation in utero to 10.9 years. In the meta-analysis (n = 1220 cases, n = 1997 controls), the following factors were associated with greater aIMT: small for gestational age (SGA) status (14 studies, mean difference, 0.082 mm; 95% CI, 0.051-0.112; P < .001; I(2) = 97%), intrauterine growth restriction (6 studies; mean difference, 0.198 mm, 95% CI, 0.088-0.309; P < .001; I(2) = 97%), preeclampsia (2 studies; mean difference, 0.038 mm; 95% CI, 0.024-0.051; P < .001; I(2) = 38%), and large for gestational age (LGA) status (3 studies; mean difference, 0.089 mm; 95% CI, 0.043-0.0136; P < .001; I(2) = 93%). In meta-regression, older age (P < .001), higher prevalence of maternal smoking (P = .04), and SGA (P < .001) were associated with greater difference in aIMT in preterm participants compared with controls. Limitations included the high heterogeneity present in most meta-analyses and the scope of our meta-regression. CONCLUSIONS: Adverse early life exposures are associated with greater aIMT in youths, consistent with an increased risk for CVD later in life. Further research is needed to determine whether intervention and preventive strategies deliver clinical benefits to improve future cardiovascular health.
Accuracy of the Standardized Early Fetal Heart Assessment in Excluding Major Congenital Heart Defects in High-Risk Population: A Single-Center Experience.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the ability of standardized early fetal heart assessment (EFHA) that includes the 4-chamber view, outflow tract relationship (OTR), and transverse arches views (TAV) of the great arteries in excluding major congenital heart defects (CHDs) in high-risk populations. METHODS: This retrospective study included high-risk pregnancies for CHDs undergoing EFHA at 11-14 weeks of gestation. Risk factors for CHDs were diabetes mellitus, a family history of CHDs, a history of a CHD use of teratogenic medications, seizure disorder, assisted reproductive treatment-conceived pregnancy, presence of at least one of the ultrasound markers: enlarged nuchal translucency (>95th percentile), tricuspid regurgitation, and reversed a-wave in the ductus venosus, presence of an extracardiac or a suspected cardiac anomaly, a high-risk first trimester combined screen result, and multiple pregnancies. EFHA consisted of visualization of 4ChV, OTR, and TAV, with and without power Doppler ultrasound. The primary outcome was the negative predictive value of EFHA in excluding major CHDs. RESULTS: EFHA was performed on 1055 fetuses. Of these, 1024 were used for the final analysis. Of these, 94.9% (n = 923) were singleton. The most common indication for EFHA was maternal DM (n = 231, 22.6%). The sensitivity, specificity, false positive, false negative, and accuracy of EFHA were 93.2%, 99.9%, 1.4%, 0.4%, and 99.5% (P < .0001), respectively, in entire included cases. The performance of EFHA was 88%, 99.9%, 1.4%, 0.4%, and 99.5% (P < .0001) respectively when the terminated cases were excluded. CONCLUSION: Early fetal heart assessment is feasible for screening for major CHDs in high-risk populations. This approach may be expanded to the general obstetric population.
Causes of intrauterine growth restriction and the postnatal development of the metabolic syndrome.; The term intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is assigned to newborns with a birth weight and/or birth length below the 10th percentile for their gestational age and whose abdominal circumference is below the 2.5th percentile with pathologic restriction of fetal growth. IUGR is usually due to maternal, fetal, or placental factors. However, many IUGR cases have unknown underlying cause. Recent studies focus on new factors that can influence fetal development and birth outcome like the timing and the type of fetal nutrition, maternal psychosocial stress and personality variables, 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 placental activity, the activity of the neuroendocrine system that mediates the effects of psychosocial stress, and the role of proinflammatory cytokines and of oxidative stress. Data have shown that IUGR is associated with a late life increased prevalence of metabolic syndrome, a condition associating obesity with hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2), and cardiovascular disease. Recent data demonstrated that the diabetes-associated mortality appears to be disproportionately concentrated among individuals of abnormal birth weight.
Long-term associations of morbidity with air pollution: A catalog and synthesis.; I searched the National Institutes of Health MEDLINE database through January 2017 for long-term studies of morbidity and air pollution and cataloged them with respect to cardiovascular, respiratory, cancer, diabetes, hospitalization, neurological, and pregnancy-birth endpoints. The catalog is presented as an online appendix. Associations with PM(2.5) (particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter <2.5 μm), PM(10) (PM with an aerodynamic diameter <10 μm), and nitrogen dioxide (NO(2)) were evaluated most frequently among the 417 ambient air quality studies identified. Associations with total suspended particles (TSP), carbon, ozone, sulfur, vehicular traffic, radon, and indoor air quality were also reported. I evaluated each study in terms of pollutant significance (yes, no), duration of exposure, and publication date. I found statistically significant pollutant relationships (P < 0.05) in 224 studies; 220 studies indicated adverse effects. Among 795 individual pollutant effect estimates, 396 are statistically significant. Pollutant associations with cardiovascular indicators, lung function, respiratory symptoms, and low birth weight are more likely to be significant than with disease incidence, heart attacks, diabetes, or neurological endpoints. Elemental carbon (EC), traffic, and PM(2.5) are most likely to be significant for cardiovascular outcomes; TSP, EC, and ozone (O(3)) for respiratory outcomes; NO(2) for neurological outcomes; and PM(10) for birth/pregnancy outcomes. Durations of exposure range from 60 days to 35 yr, but I found no consistent relationships with the likelihood of statistical significance. Respiratory studies began ca. 1975; studies of diabetes, cardiovascular, and neurological effects increased after about 2005. I found 72 studies of occupational air pollution exposures; 40 reported statistically significant adverse health effects, especially for respiratory conditions. I conclude that the aggregate of these studies supports the existence of nonlethal physiological effects of various pollutants, more so for non-life-threatening endpoints and for noncriteria pollutants (TSP, EC, PM(2.5) metals). However, most studies were cross-sectional analyses over limited time spans with no consideration of lag or disease latency. Further longitudinal studies are thus needed to investigate the progress of disease incidence in association with air pollution exposure. IMPLICATIONS: Relationships of air pollution with excess mortality are better known than with long-term antecedent morbidity. I cataloged 489 studies of cardiovascular, respiratory, cancer, and neurological effects, diabetes, and birth outcomes with respect to 12 air pollutants. About half of the studies reported statistically significant relationships, more frequently with noncriteria than with criteria pollutants. Indoor and cumulative exposures, coarse or ultrafine particles, and organic carbon were seldom considered. Significant relationships were more likely with less-severe endpoints such as blood pressure, lung function, or respiratory symptoms than with incidence of cancer, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), heart failure, or diabetes. Most long-term studies are based on spatial relationships; longitudinal studies are needed to link the progression of pollution-related morbidity to mortality, especially for the cardiovascular system.
Medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and obstetric labour complications in the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS) cohort: a birth cohort study.; This study aimed to describe the distribution of pregnancies with medical and obstetric complications based on the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS). We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, pregnancy with medical and surgical complications, and obstetric labour complications in participants in the JECS. Of 100,818 pregnant women with medical record entries after delivery, 15,305 (15.2%) had medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and 46,756 (46.4%) experienced obstetric labour complications. The proportion of pregnancies with heart disease, kidney disease and hepatitis was 0.3%, 0.3% and 0.1%, respectively. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 2715 (2.7%) women. The proportion of women with mild and severe gestational hypertension was 2.3% and 1%, respectively. The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. These data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Epidemiological studies have suggested that pre-existing diseases and complications of pregnancy, such as heart disease in pregnancy, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, may have implications for pregnancy outcomes, as well as for children's health and development.What the results of this study add? We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, medical and surgical complications in pregnancy, and obstetric labour complications using data from the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS).What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. Our data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.
Ultrasound evaluation of the fetal fat tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord measurements in pregnancies complicated by gestational and type 1 diabetes mellitus: potential application in the fetal birth-weight estimation and prediction of the fetal macrosomia.; BACKGROUND: The aim of the study was to evaluate the ultrasound-derived measurements of the fetal soft-tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord in pregnancies complicated by gestational (GDM) and type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), and further to assess their applicability in the estimation of the fetal birth-weight and prediction of fetal macrosomia. METHODS: Measurements were obtained from diet-controlled GDM (GDMG1) (n = 40), insulin-controlled GDM (GDMG2) (n = 40), T1DM (n = 24) and healthy control (n = 40) patients. The following parameters were selected for analysis: fetal sub-scapular fat mass (SSFM), abdominal fat mass (AFM), mid-thigh fat/lean mass (MTFM/MTLM) and inter-ventricular septum (IVS) thicknesses, heart and thorax circumference and area (HeC/HeA; ThC/ThA), liver length (LL), umbilical cord/vein/arteries circumference and area (UmC/UmA; UvC/UvA; UaC/UaA) together with total umbilical vessels (UveA) and Wharton's jelly area (WjA). Regression models were created in order to assess the contribution of selected parameters to fetal birth-weight (FBW) and risk of fetal macrosomia. RESULTS: Measurements of the fetal SSFM, AFM, MTFM, MTFM/MTLM ratio, HeC, HeA, IVS, LL, UmC, UmA, UaC, UaA, UveA and WjA were significantly increased among patients with GDMG2/T1DM as compared to GDMG1 and/or control groups (p < .05). The regression analysis revealed that maternal height as well as fetal biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference (AC), AFM and LL measurements were independent predictors of the FBW (p < .05). In addition, increase in the fetal AFM, AC and femur length (FL) was associated with a significant risk of fetal macrosomia occurrence (p < .05). The equation developed for the FBW estimation [FBW(g) = - 2254,942 + 17,204 * FL (mm) + 105,531 * AC (cm) + 131,347 * AFM (mm)] provided significantly lower mean absolute percent error than standard formula in the sub-group of women with T1DM (5.7% vs 9.4%, p < .05). Moreover, new equation including AC, FL and AFM parameters yielded sensitivity of 93.8%, specificity 77.7%, positive predictive value 54.5% and negative predictive value of 97.8% in the prediction of fetal macrosomia. CONCLUSIONS: Ultrasound measurements of the fetal soft tissue, heart, liver and umbilical cord are significantly increased among women with GDM treated with insulin and T1DM. In addition to standard biometric measurements, parameters, such as AFM, may find application in the management of diabetes-complicated pregnancies.
[The treatment of arterial hypertension. A plea for personalized therapy].; The authors write in favour of giving a personal touch to the antihypertensive treatment according to the clinical, biological and hemodynamic state of each hypertensive patient. They present a course of medicinal and non medicinal measures adapted to eleven kinds of hypertensive patients. Doing this, they bring out the privileged directions of a diuretic, a beta-blocker, an alpha-blocker, a central acting sympatholytic agent, a calcium channel blocker and a angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor.
Comparison of risk factors for preeclampsia and gestational hypertension in a population-based cohort study.; The objective of this study was to evaluate and compare risk factor patterns in association with preeclampsia and gestational hypertension. The data were collected from The Swedish Medical Birth Register and include all nulliparas aged 34 years or less who gave birth at the University Hospital of Uppsala, Sweden, during 1987-1993. Of these 10,666 women, 4.4% developed gestational hypertension, and 5.2% developed preeclampsia. The following risk factors were significantly associated with increased risk of preeclampsia: type 1 diabetes (odds ratio = 5.58, 95% confidence interval 2.72-11.43), gestational diabetes (odds ratio = 3.11, 95% confidence interval 1.61-6.00), and twin birth (odds ratio = 4.17, 95% confidence interval 2.30-7.55). The positive associations between these variables and the risk of gestational hypertension were weaker and nonsignificant. Compared with underweight women (body mass index < 19.8), obese women (body mass index > 29) had increased risks of both gestational hypertension (odds ratio = 4.85, 95% confidence interval 1.97-11.92) and preeclampsia (odds ratio = 5.19, 95% confidence interval 2.35-11.48). Significantly lower risks of preeclampsia and gestational hypertension were observed for women born outside Nordic countries and in association with maternal smoking and summer birth. The similarities in risk factor patterns may indicate similarities in the biologic mechanisms underlying the two conditions.
Intra-uterine programming of the adult cardiovascular system.; We have become accustomed to the idea that the major disorders of adult life, including coronary heart disease, stroke and diabetes, arise through an interaction between influences in our adult lifestyle and a genetically determined susceptibility. Recent research, however, suggests that growth in utero may also play an important role.
Health disorders of shift workers.; The effects of shift work on physiological function through disruption of circadian rhythms are well described. However, shift work can also be associated with specific pathological disorders. This article reviews the evidence for a relationship between specific medical disorders and working at night or on shift systems. The strongest evidence exists for an association with peptic ulcer disease, coronary heart disease and compromised pregnancy outcome.
Antenatal bleeding and fetal heart rate.; Objective of the paper was to determine the fetal heart rate (FHR) changes that occur in preterm fetuses whose mothers have suffered antepartum bleeding, versus uncomplicated controls. Over a 12-year span, 91 patients with significant antenatal bleeding (bleeding requiring inhospital observation) were examined and compared to 75 controls with uncomplicated normal pregnancies. None of the women were in labor and all were evaluated at 25-37 weeks' gestation. Excluded were: patients with any other complication (i.e., premature rupture of membranes, intrauterine growth retardation, diabetes, hypertension, collagen vascular disease, postuterine surgery, substance abuse and twins). Analysis of the FHR tracings included baseline heart rate, long-term FHR variability, and number and amplitude of FHR accelerations in 20-min segments. There was no difference in baseline heart rate in the preterm fetuses of pregnancies complicated by antepartum bleeding versus controls. However, the parameters associated with FHR reactivity (number of accelerations in 20 min, and amplitude of accelerations) were higher to a statistically significant degree in fetuses of pregnancies complicated by antenatal bleeding than in controls. Fetuses of mothers suffering antenatal bleeding exhibited significant higher rates of reactive FHR patterns at earlier gestational ages than did controls. In conclusion, there is a significant increase in FHR reactivity in pregnancies in which significant antenatal bleeding occurs, suggesting a probable acceleration in fetal central nervous system maturation in these fetuses.
Iron deficiency in pregnancy.; Iron is essential for the function of all cells through its roles in oxygen delivery, electron transport, and enzymatic activity. Cells with high metabolic rates require more iron and are at greater risk for dysfunction during iron deficiency. Iron requirements during pregnancy increase dramatically, as the mother's blood volume expands and the fetus grows and develops. Thus, pregnancy is a condition of impending or existing iron deficiency, which may be difficult to diagnose because of limitations to commonly used biomarkers such as hemoglobin and ferritin concentrations. Iron deficiency is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, including increased maternal illness, low birthweight, prematurity, and intrauterine growth restriction. The rapidly developing fetal brain is at particular risk of iron deficiency, which can occur because of maternal iron deficiency, hypertension, smoking, or glucose intolerance. Low maternal gestational iron intake is associated with autism, schizophrenia, and abnormal brain structure in the offspring. Newborns with iron deficiency have compromised recognition memory, slower speed of processing, and poorer bonding that persist despite postnatal iron repletion. Preclinical models of fetal iron deficiency confirm that expected iron-dependent processes such as monoamine neurotransmission, neuronal growth and differentiation, myelination, and gene expression are all compromised acutely and long term into adulthood. This review outlines strategies to diagnose and prevent iron deficiency in pregnancy. It describes the neurocognitive and mental health consequences of fetal iron deficiency. It emphasizes that fetal iron is a key nutrient that influences brain development and function across the lifespan.
Salidroside prevents gestational hypertension-induced impairment of offspring learning and memory via Wnt/Skp2 pathway.; BACKGROUND: Salidroside (Sal) has been found to protect against multiple impairments caused by diabetes, and we designed this study to investigate the effect of Sal on gestational hypertension (GHP)-induced impairment of offspring learning and memory. METHODS: We established a GHP rat model by intraperitoneal injection of NG-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME), and treated with Sal by daily gavage. We used Morris Water Maze test to evaluate the learning and memory ability of offspring rats. HE staining was used to measured the pathological changes in hippocampus of offspring. Immunohistochemistry, cellular immunofluorescence and western blot were used to detect the protein expression. RESULTS: The learning and memory abilities of GHP offspring rats were significantly lower than those of normal rat offspring, while Sal treatment could significantly improve the learning and memory abilities of GHP offspring rats. HE staining did not reveal pathological differences in the hippocampus of normal rats, GHP rats and Sal-treated GHP offspring rats. However, Sal treatment can significantly increase the expression of Wnt1 and Skp2 protein, and decrease the expression of P27kiwf and P21waf1 protein in the hippocampus of GHP offspring rats. In vitro, Sal significantly promoted the proliferation and differentiation on neural stem cell, while Wnt1 knockdown could reverse these promotions by Sal. In the hippocampus of GHP offspring rats, Sal treatment significantly increased the expression of Tuj1, SOX2, Ki67 and DCX protein. CONCLUSION: Salidroside significantly improves the learning and memory impairment of offspring caused by GHP, and its mechanism may be related to the fact that Salidroside promotes the proliferation and differentiation of neural stem cells by activating the Wnt1/Skp2 signaling pathway.
An association study between MiR-146a and INSR gene polymorphisms and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in Northeastern Han Chinese population.; INTRODUCTION: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy(HDP) is a complex and challenging group of pregnancy complications that is one of the leading causes of maternal and fetal death worldwide. Recent studies have shown that the single nucleotide polymorphism(SNP) may play a role in the pathogenesis of HDP. This study aimed to investigate the association of MiR-146a rs2910164 and insulin receptor(INSR) rs2059806 SNPs with HDP and their associated complications in the Han population of Northeast China. METHODS: A total of 240 HDP patients and 380 healthy controls were selected for genotype determination. For the most special and high incidence of HDP, we also studied the SNPs in association with pre-eclampsia(PE) patients. In addition, HDP complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM) patients was further analyzed to identify the association between SNPs and HDP-related complications. Multivariate logical regression analysis combined with 10, 000 permutation test corrections was used to analyze the association of MiR-146a and INSR SNPs with HDP. RESULTS: After adjusting for relevant factors, MiR-146a rs2910164 or INSR rs2059806 SNPs were not significantly different between HDP or PE patients and healthy controls(P>0.05). Meanwhile, MiR146a rs2910164 and INSR rs2059806 SNPs were not significantly different between HDP complicated with GDM and control group. DISCUSSION: Our data indicates that MiR-146a rs2910164 and INSR rs2059806 SNPs may not be significantly related with HDP in the Han population of Northeast China living in Heilongjiang Province.
Increased circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) in prepubertal children born prematurely: a possible link between prematurity and cardiovascular risk.; BACKGROUND: Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity and neovascularization. No studies have investigated EPCs in preterm-born children beyond infancy. METHODS: One hundred and thirty-six prepubertal children were enrolled: 63 preterm and 73 born at term (controls). Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(-) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were measured in preterm-born children compared to controls. Body mass index (BMI), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), neck circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP, respectively), fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile, common carotid and abdominal aortic intima-media thickness (cIMT and aIMT, respectively), endothelium-dependent brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), and echocardiographic parameters were also assessed. RESULTS: Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(-) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born children compared to controls (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). In total study population and in the preterm-born group, EPCs were significantly lower in children born to mothers with gestational diabetes compared to non-diabetic mothers. Prematurity was associated with higher WHR, neck circumference, SBP, DBP, cIMT, aIMT, mean pressure, and velocity of pulmonary artery; the peak velocity of the brachial artery was significantly lower in children born prematurely. In multiple regression analysis, preterm birth and maternal gestational diabetes were recognized as independent predictors of EPCs. CONCLUSIONS: Circulating EPCs were increased in prepubertal preterm-born children in comparison with peers born full-term. Maternal gestational diabetes was associated with a decrease in EPCs. IMPACT: Mounting evidence supports the adverse effect of prematurity on cardiovascular health. However, the underlying mechanisms that could lead to endothelial dysfunction in preterm-born individuals are not fully understood. Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity, normal endothelial function and neovascularization. No studies have investigated the EPCs counts in peripheral blood beyond infancy in children born prematurely. Circulating EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born prepubertal children compared to controls, thus indicating that prematurity is possibly associated with endothelial damage. In total study population and in the preterm-born group, maternal gestational diabetes was associated with decreased EPCs concentrations.
Folic acid supplementation during early pregnancy and the risk of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.; Emerging evidence has suggested that folic acid-containing multivitamins may markedly reduce the risk of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. We examined whether maternal supplementation with folic acid alone during early pregnancy can prevent the occurrence of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. The data are from a large population-based cohort study established to evaluate the effectiveness of the campaign to prevent neural tube defects with folic acid supplementation in China. We selected participants who were registered in 2 southern provinces, had exact information on folic acid use, and were not affected by chronic hypertension or diabetes mellitus before 20 weeks gestation. A logistic regression model was used to adjust for the effects of the main potential confounders, including age, body mass index, education, occupation, parity, and multiple births. The study size had 99.9% power (α=0.05) to detect a decrease of 10% over the unexposed rate of 9.4% for gestational hypertension. Among the 193 554 women (47.9% took folic acid, 52.1% did not), the overall incidence of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia was 9.5% and 2.5%, respectively. The incidence of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia was 9.7% and 2.5% for women who took folic acid, and 9.4% and 2.4% for women who did not use it. The adjusted risk ratio associated with folic acid use was 1.08 (95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.11) for gestational hypertension and 1.11 (95% confidence interval, 1.04-1.18) for preeclampsia. Our findings suggest that daily consumption of 400 μg folic acid alone during early pregnancy cannot prevent the occurrence of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
Periodontal infections: a risk factor for various systemic diseases.; A healthy periodontium is vital for the general well-being of an individual. However, periodontal diseases are common and periodontal infections are increasingly associated with systemic diseases. We aimed to critically evaluate the literature on the association between periodontal infections and systemic diseases. We searched the PubMed database over a 20-year period for literature on periodontal diseases and their links to various systemic diseases, and examined the strength of association between periodontal disease and each systemic disease, the dose-response relationship, and the biological plausibility. We found that individuals with periodontal disease may be at higher risk for adverse medical outcomes including cardiovascular diseases, respiratory infections, adverse pregnancy outcomes, rheumatoid arthritis and diabetes mellitus. Many cohort, in vitro and animal studies suggest that systemic inflammation due to pathogens associated with periodontal disease may play a role in the initiation and progression of some systemic diseases. Periodontal infections should therefore be considered as a risk factor for various systemic diseases.
Parental genetically predicted liability for coronary heart disease and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) may unmask or exacerbate a woman's underlying risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). We estimated associations of maternal and paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with lifelong risk of APOs. We hypothesized that associations would be found for women, but not their male partners (negative controls). METHODS: We studied up to 83,969‬ women (and up to 55,568‬ male partners) from the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study or the Trøndelag Health Study with genotyping data and lifetime history of any APO in their pregnancies (1967-2019) in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth). Maternal and paternal genetic risk scores (GRS) for CHD were generated using 148 gene variants (p-value < 5 × 10(-8), not in linkage disequilibrium). Associations between GRS for CHD and each APO were determined using logistic regression, adjusting for genomic principal components, in each cohort separately, and combined using fixed effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: One standard deviation higher GRS for CHD in women was related to increased risk of any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] 1.08, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05-1.10), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.08, 95% CI 1.05-1.11), and small for gestational age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.01-1.06). Imprecise associations with lower odds of large for gestational age (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96-1.00) and higher odds of stillbirth (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.98-1.11) were suggested. These findings remained consistent after adjusting for number of total pregnancies and the male partners' GRS and restricting analyses to stable couples. Associations for other APOs were close to the null. There was weak evidence of an association of paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.99-1.05), but not with other APOs. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small for gestational age, and stillbirth may unmask women with a genetically predicted propensity for CHD. The association of paternal genetically predicted CHD risk with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners needs further exploration.
Fetal growth restriction and the risk of perinatal mortality-case studies from the multicentre PORTO study.; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is the single largest contributing factor to perinatal mortality in non-anomalous fetuses. Advances in antenatal and neonatal critical care have resulted in a reduction in neonatal deaths over the past decades, while stillbirth rates have remained unchanged. Antenatal detection rates of fetal growth failure are low, and these pregnancies carry a high risk of perinatal death. METHODS: The Prospective Observational Trial to Optimize Paediatric Health in IUGR (PORTO) Study recruited 1,200 ultrasound-dated singleton IUGR pregnancies, defined as EFW <10th centile, between 24+0 and 36+6 weeks gestation. All recruited fetuses underwent serial sonographic assessment of fetal weight and multi-vessel Doppler studies until birth. Perinatal outcomes were recorded for all pregnancies. Case records of the perinatal deaths from this prospectively recruited IUGR cohort were reviewed, their pregnancy details and outcome were analysed descriptively and compared to the entire cohort. RESULTS: Of 1,116 non-anomalous singleton infants with EFW <10th centile, 6 resulted in perinatal deaths including 3 stillbirths and 3 early neonatal deaths. Perinatal deaths occurred between 24+6 and 35+0 weeks gestation corresponding to birthweights ranging from 460 to 2260 grams. Perinatal deaths occurred more commonly in pregnancies with severe growth restriction (EFW <3rd centile) and associated abnormal Doppler findings resulting in earlier gestational ages at delivery and lower birthweights. All of the described pregnancies were complicated by either significant maternal comorbidities, e.g. hypertension, systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) or diabetes, or poor obstetric histories, e.g. prior perinatal death, mid-trimester or recurrent pregnancy loss. Five of the 6 mortalities occurred in women of non-Irish ethnic backgrounds. All perinatal deaths showed abnormalities on placental histopathological evaluation. CONCLUSIONS: The PNMR in this cohort of prenatally identified IUGR cases was 5.4/1,000 and compares favourably to the overall national rate of 4.1/1,000 births, which can be attributed to increased surveillance and timely delivery. Despite antenatal recognition of IUGR and associated maternal risk factors, not all perinatal deaths can be prevented.
Gestational weight change in a diverse pregnancy cohort and mortality over 50 years: a prospective observational cohort study.; BACKGROUND: High weight gain in pregnancy is associated with greater postpartum weight retention, yet long-term implications remain unknown. We aimed to assess whether gestational weight change was associated with mortality more than 50 years later. METHODS: The Collaborative Perinatal Project (CPP) was a prospective US pregnancy cohort (1959-65). The CPP Mortality Linkage Study linked CPP participants to the National Death Index and Social Security Death Master File for vital status to 2016. Adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% CIs estimated associations between gestational weight gain and loss according to the 2009 National Academy of Medicine recommendations and mortality by pre-pregnancy BMI. The primary endpoint was all-cause mortality. Secondary endpoints included cardiovascular and diabetes underlying causes of mortality. FINDINGS: Among 46 042 participants, 20 839 (45·3%) self-identified as Black and 21 287 (46·2%) as White. Median follow-up time was 52 years (IQR 45-54) and 17 901 (38·9%) participants died. For those who were underweight before pregnancy (BMI <18·5 kg/m(2); 3809 [9·4%] of 40 689 before imputation for missing data]), weight change above recommendations was associated with increased cardiovascular mortality (HR 1·84 [95% CI 1·08-3·12]) but not all-cause mortality (1·14 [0·86-1·51]) or diabetes-related mortality (0·90 [0·13-6·35]). For those with a normal pre-pregnancy weight (BMI 18·5-24·9 kg/m(2); 27 921 [68·6%]), weight change above recommendations was associated with increased all-cause (HR 1·09 [1·01-1·18]) and cardiovascular (1·20 [1·04-1·37]) mortality, but not diabetes-related mortality (0·95 [0·61-1·47]). For those who were overweight pre-pregnancy (BMI 25·0-29·9 kg/m(2); 6251 [15·4%]), weight change above recommendations was associated with elevated all-cause (1·12 [1·01-1·24]) and diabetes-related (1·77 [1·23-2·54]) mortality, but not cardiovascular (1·12 [0·94-1·33]) mortality. For those with pre-pregnancy obesity (≥30·0 kg/m(2); 2708 [6·7%]), all associations between gestational weight change and mortality had wide CIs and no meaningful relationships could be drawn. Weight change below recommended levels was associated only with a reduced diabetes-related mortality (0·62 [0·48-0·79]) in people with normal pre-pregnancy weight. INTERPRETATION: This study's novel findings support the importance of achieving healthy gestational weight gain within recommendations, adding that the implications might extend beyond the pregnancy window to long-term health, including cardiovascular and diabetes-related mortality. FUNDING: National Institutes of Health.
Preventing type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes is a serious, costly, and increasingly common disease. Several conditions commonly seen in family medicine settings confer increased risk of developing diabetes. Among these conditions are impaired glucose tolerance, impaired fasting glucose, obesity, gestational diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and menopause. We here present the results of a systematic review of the literature examining the evidence for different strategies aimed at preventing type 2 diabetes in patients with these conditions. The strongest evidence supports an intensive lifestyle intervention designed to induce modest weight loss. The greatest degree of prevention, based on lesser quality evidence, may be imparted by bariatric surgery. Metformin and troglitazone have appreciable evidence in specific populations, and orlistat and acarbose have slightly less evidence among obese patients, for preventing diabetes. Ramipril, captopril, losartan, pravastatin, and estrogens show some very preliminary promise for preventing diabetes in patients treated for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and menopause, but each needs a more rigorous evaluation. Although more questions remain to be answered, family physicians now have tools available to help our patients lead lives free of diabetes.
Risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia: analysis of 1396 cases.; Preeclampsia is a major cause of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, but how to identify women and fetuses at increased risk for later adverse events is a challenge. This study aimed to investigate the risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia. Data from 1396 women with preeclampsia were retrospectively collected and analyzed. Eighteen candidate risk factors and 12 adverse outcomes were investigated. The following factors were found to be significantly associated with at least one adverse outcome: maternal age 35 years or older, multiple birth, the usage of assisted reproductive technology, living in a rural area, history of pregnancy-induced hypertension, male fetus, multigravida, or having polycystic ovary syndrome, hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, systemic lupus erythematosus, thyroid disease, or liver disease. Compared with patients without any identified risk factors, patients with preeclampsia with three or more risk factors were at increased risk for severe adverse outcomes. Those findings demonstrated that maternal risk factors could be used as indicators supplementary to clinical symptoms and laboratory test results for the risk assessment in women with preeclampsia.
Myocardial and hepatic free carnitine concentrations in pups of diabetic female rats.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: Adequate carnitine levels are required for normal fatty acid and energy metabolism in heart muscle. It is well known that streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats develop myocardial carnitine deficiency and that carnitine therapy may be beneficial to the diabetic heart. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are known to be at risk for developing a hypertrophic type of cardiomyopathy. In the present investigation, we examined the free carnitine concentration from cardiac and hepatic tissue in pups of streptozotocin-induced diabetic female rats. We also assessed the effect of maternal L-carnitine supplementation on the free carnitine concentration in pups of diabetic rats. METHOD: Three groups, each consisting of 4 Wistar albino female rats, were studied, Group 1 (untreated diabetic; n = 4) and group 2 (L-carnitine-treated diabetic; n = 4) rats were given streptozotocin (60 mg/kg) by intraperitoneal injection; group 3 were controls. During pregnancy, L-carnitine was given at a dose of 150 mg/kg by intraperitoneal injection once a day for 14 days. Cesarean section was carried out, and 113 newborn rats (group 1 n = 36; group 2 n = 38; group 3 n = 39) were obtained from all the pregnant rats. RESULTS: The free carnitine concentration in myocardial tissue was significantly decreased in the female diabetic rats (p < 0.001). However, the free carnitine concentration from hepatic tissue in diabetic female rats was similar to that in controls. In pups of group 1 diabetic rats, a significantly decreased free carnitine concentration was found in both myocardial and hepatic tissue compared to group 2 and controls. The free carnitine content from myocardial and hepatic tissue was significantly elevated in the maternal L-carnitine-supplemented group when compared to group 1 and control pups (p < 0.001 and p < 0.05, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The present study has demonstrated that the free carnitine concentration from myocardial and hepatic tissue is significantly reduced in pups of streptozotocin-induced diabetic female rats. This study has also shown that administration of maternal L-carnitine improves the carnitine level in pups of diabetic rats. A decreased myocardial carnitine concentration may be partly responsible for the development of cardiomyopathy in IDM.
Pregnancy And Exercise.; Exercise contributes significantly to maternal and fetal wellbeing during pregnancy. Traditionally women were advised to refrain from exercise during pregnancy, but newer evidence has shown this to be false. Theoretically, there were concerns about premature labor and the risks of delivering smaller infants to women who exercised during pregnancy. A recent meta-analysis that included over 2000 women showed that aerobic exercise and moderate-intensity strength/toning exercise performed 3 or 4 days per week throughout the pregnancy was not associated with an increased risk for preterm births or low birth weight infants for normal-weight women with singleton, uncomplicated pregnancies. Despite recommendations from physicians to begin or maintain an exercise program during pregnancy, only about 40% of the patients exercise. A pregnant patient can be easily motivated to improve her health and the health of her unborn child. Still, these recommendations need to be practical, with persistent follow-up by the physician. Physical exercise can help with some common discomforts and even prepare one's body for labor and delivery. A sedentary lifestyle during pregnancy is associated with the significant health risk of deep venous thrombosis, which threatens the lives of the infant and mother. A sedentary lifestyle can lead to obesity or at least significantly contribute to persistent obesity. Obesity is of epidemic proportions in the U.S., and obesity during pregnancy carries elevated risks for major complications. Patients with obesity are also more likely to suffer spontaneous abortions. They also have a higher risk of neural tube defects, including cleft palate, spina bifida, and hydrocephalus. Obesity also puts the pregnant patient at risk for gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, sleep apnea, macrosomia, preterm birth, and even stillbirth.  The higher the women's BMI, the greater the risk of stillbirth. Exercise is safe in these women and is encouraged. Even the previously sedentary patient is encouraged to start an exercise program early in pregnancy. It is also considered safe in some high-risk pregnancies, such as those with chronic hypertension and gestational diabetes. Contraindications will be discussed later.
Reference-range of arterial stiffness by cardio-ankle vascular index in normal pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To establish the arterial stiffness, represented by the cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) at various gestational ages among low-risk pregnant women. The second objective is to construct the reference range of mean arterial pressure and maternal heart rate during pregnancy. METHODS: This cross-sectional study was conducted on low risk pregnant Thai women, meeting the following inclusion criteria: 1) singleton pregnant women aged 18 years old or over; 2) gestational age between 11 and 40 weeks; 3) low-risk pregnancy without any underlying medical diseases; and 4) known final pregnancy outcomes. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal growth restriction were excluded. The mean CAVI, mean arterial pressure (MAP), and heart rate were measured at each gestational age. RESULTS: A total of 329 measurements for each parameter were available for analysis. CAVI was significantly correlated with gestational age with the best fitted model: CAVI = 6.952 - 0.076(GA) + 0.001(GA)(2); SD = 0.742 (R(2) = 0.049; p-value < 0.001). The maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI were correlated with CAVI. CAVI gradually increased with maternal age and decreased with increasing body mass index (BMI). The MAP and heart rate of normal pregnancy in each gestation were conducted. CONCLUSION: The reference range of CAVI in normal pregnancies as a function of gestational age and the model for predicting CAVI based on multiple regression analysis are constructed and presented. These reference ranges may be useful in predicting risk of cardiovascular disorders during pregnancy.
Quality assessment indicators in antenatal care worldwide: a systematic review.; PURPOSE: To describe indicators used for the assessment of antenatal care (ANC) quality worldwide under the World Health Organization (WHO) framework and based on a systematic review of the literature. DATA SOURCES: Searches were performed in MEDLINE, SciELO, BIREME and Web of Science for eligible studies published between January 2002 and September 2016. STUDY SELECTION: Original articles describing women who had received ANC, any ANC model and, any ANC quality indicators were included. DATA EXTRACTION: Publication date, study design and ANC process indicators were extracted. RESULTS OF DATA SYNTHESIS: Of the total studies included, 69 evaluated at least one type of ANC process indicator. According to WHO ANC guidelines, 8.7% of the articles reported healthy eating counseling and 52.2% iron and folic acid supplementation. The evaluation indicators on maternal and fetal interventions were: syphilis testing (55.1%), HIV testing (47.8%), gestational diabetes mellitus screening (40.6%) and ultrasound (27.5%). Essential ANC activities assessment ranged from 26.1% report of fetal heart sound, 50.7% of maternal weight and 63.8% of blood pressure. Regarding preventive measures recommended by WHO, tetanus vaccine was reported in 60.9% of the articles. Interventions performed by health services to improve use and quality of ANC care, promotion of maternal and fetal health, and the number of visits to the ANC were evaluated in 65.2% of the studies. CONCLUSION: Numerous ANC content indicators are being used to assess ANC quality. However, there is a need to use standardized indicators across countries and efforts to improve quality evaluation.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with cardiovascular risk profiles in later life: Current insights from the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS).; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) have been related to increased cardiovascular (CV) risk and mortality in later life. Underlying pathomechanisms for the development of CV disease in these women are not yet fully understood. In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between APO and individual CV risk profiles in later life. METHODS: We used cross-sectional data from 10,000 participants enrolled in the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS). We analysed self-reported APO, CV risk factors and health status, including biomarkers, electrocardiogram, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound. To examine associations, Wilcoxon rank sum test and Pearson's χ(2)-test were performed. Multivariable-adjusted regression models were calculated to determine associations. RESULTS: N = 1970 women who reported pregnancies were included. Median age was 63 years, 8.7 % reported gestational hypertension (gHTN), 18 % excessive weight gain and 2.4 % gestational diabetes. Ten percent had delivered newborns with birth weight <2.5 kg, 14 % newborns with birth weight >4 kg. In multivariable-adjusted models, significant associations between APO, CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling were identified. gHTN correlated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Beta 1.68, CI 95 % 0.86-2.50; p < 0.001), hypertension (OR 4.58, CI 95 % 2.79-7.86; p < 0.001), left ventricular remodeling (e.g. left ventricular mass index (Beta 4.46, CI 95 % 1.05-7.87; p = 0.010)) and myocardial infarction (OR 3.27, CI 95 % 0.94-10.07; p = 0.046). CONCLUSIONS: In this population-based sample, APO were associated with CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling in later life, suggesting early manifestations of future CV risk during pregnancy. Prospective data is needed for individual risk stratification in women with APO.
Accelerated metabolic susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in older women with a history of gestational diabetes.; The purpose of this study is to compare central obesity, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular disease risk factors between premenopausal and postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), controls, and women with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Subjects were 73 overweight/obese and sedentary women who had a history of GDM (n=31) and were either premenopausal (n=11, 44±1 years, X±s.e.m.), postmenopausal (n=20, 58±1 years), or without a history of GDM as healthy postmenopausal controls (n=27, 57±1 years) or postmenopausal with T2DM (n=16, 59±1 years). The premenopausal GDM women had higher maximal oxygen uptake and lower visceral fat than the other three groups (P<0.05). BMI, %body fat, subcutaneous abdominal fat, and intramuscular fat did not differ significantly among the four groups. Glucose utilization (M, 3 h 40 mU/m(2) per min hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps) was 27% higher (P=0.05) in pre- than postmenopausal GDM and was not different between premenopausal GDM and postmenopausal controls. M was 28% lower (P=0.06) in postmenopausal GDM than controls and was not significantly different between postmenopausal GDM and T2DM groups. Thus, despite being younger and more physically fit, premenopausal women with prior GDM display similar central obesity, glucose, and metabolic profiles as postmenopausal controls. Postmenopausal women with prior GDM are more insulin resistant than controls of similar age, adiposity, and fitness levels and display comparable glucose utilization rates as similar as women with T2DM suggesting that a prior history of GDM may be an early manifestation of increased risk of later T2DM.
Vascular and metabolic profiles in offspring born to pregnant mice with metabolic syndrome treated with inositols.; BACKGROUND: Inositols (INOs) supplementation during pregnancy, specifically the combination of myo-inositol (MI) and D-chiro-inositol (DCI), has been reported to improve vascular parameters in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. We demonstrated previously that offspring born to pregnant mice lacking the endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS+/-) gene have hypertension (HTN) as adults and, when fed a high-fat diet (HFD), develop a metabolic syndrome (MS) phenotype. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to evaluate whether INOs treatment in pregnancy complicated by MS improves the vascular and metabolic profile in mice offspring programmed in utero to develop HTN and MS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Heterozygous eNOS+/- mice fed an HFD manifest a MS phenotype. Female eNOS+/- mice with MS were bred with a wild-type (WT) male. On gestational day 1, pregnant females were randomly allocated to receive either a mixture of INOs (MI/DCI: 7.2/0.18 mg/mL) or water as placebo until delivery. The female offspring obtained were genotyped and categorized as: WT (genetically normal, with eNOS gene) and eNOS+/- offspring (genetically modified, heterozygous for eNOS gene). Both offspring developed in an abnormal uterine environment due to maternal MS. At 9-10 weeks of age, the offspring underwent a glucose tolerance test (GTT) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) measurement. The mice were then sacrificed, and the carotid arteries were isolated for evaluation of vascular responses. Responses to phenylephrine (PE), in the presence and absence of a nonspecific nitric oxide inhibitor (N-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester [L-NAME]), the vasodilator acetylcholine (ACh), and sodium nitroprusside (SNP) were assessed. RESULTS: The GTT showed lower glucose levels in both eNOS+/-INOs (P = .03) and WT-INOs (P = .05) offspring born to MS dams on INOs supplementation compared to offspring born to untreated dams. SBP was higher in eNOS+/- offspring compared to WT (169 ± 7 vs 142 ± 9 mm Hg, respectively, P = .04) and INOs treatment decreased SBP in WT-INOs (110 ± 10 mm Hg, P = .01) but not in eNOS+/-INOs offspring. Maximal (%Max) contractile response to PE was higher in eNOS+/- offspring born to MS dams and was decreased in those born to MS dams treated with INOs (%Max, eNOS+/-, 123 ± 7 vs eNOS+/-INOs, 82 ± 11 mm Hg, P = .007). No differences were seen in PE contractile responses in WT offspring born to MS dams treated or not treated with INOs (WT, 92 ± 4 vs WT-INOs, 75 ± 7). The L-NAME response was decreased in eNOS+/-INOs and WT-INOs offspring compared to untreated ones. The ACh vasorelaxation was impaired in eNOS+/- and WT offspring born to MS dams, and maternal INOs treatment improved offspring vascular relaxation in both offspring (P = .01 and P = .03, respectively). No differences were seen in response to SNP. CONCLUSION: Inositols supplementation improved glucose tolerance, SBP, and vascular responses in adult eNOS+/- and WT offspring born to dams with MS. Interestingly, WT born to MS dams show an altered vascular profile similar to eNOS+/- offspring and exhibit an improved response to INOs treatment. Our findings suggest that the benefits of INOs treatment are more pronounced in offspring exposed to environmental factors in utero, and less likely in those due to genetic factors.
Repetitive miscarriages in a patient with a high level of anticardiolipin antibodies and myocardial infarction.; Antiphospholipid antibodies consist of a group of heterogeneous autoantibodies against anionic phospholipids. We describe the case of a 19-year-old patient who was consulted in the obstetrics service after her second miscarriage. She was a smoker and six months after this consultation she developed diabetes mellitus. At 21 years of age she suffered from myocardial infarction, when high anticardiolipin antibody levels were evidenced. Some months later the patient again became pregnant and prophylaxis against miscarriages was performed using low doses (5000 IU) heparin administered subcutaneously at 12-hour intervals. She evolved with preeclampsia, however, the baby was born in good health. One year after she again became pregnant and prophylaxis against miscarriage was again performed using low doses of heparin. The pregnancy successfully resulted with the birth of her second child.
Association of parity with carotid diameter and distensibility: multi-ethnic study of atherosclerosis.; Pregnancy and childbirth are associated with hemodynamic changes and vascular remodeling. It is not known whether parity is associated with later adverse vascular properties such as larger arterial diameter, wall thickness, and lower distensibility. We used baseline data from 3283 women free of cardiovascular disease aged 45 to 84 years enrolled in the population-based Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis. Participants self-reported parity status. Ultrasound-derived carotid artery lumen diameters and brachial artery blood pressures were measured at peak-systole and end-diastole. Common carotid intima-media thickness was also measured. Regression models to determine the association of carotid distensibility coefficient, lumen diameter, and carotid intima-media thickness with parity were adjusted for age, race, height, weight, diabetes mellitus, current smoking, blood pressure medication use, and total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. The prevalence of nulliparity was 18%. In adjusted models, carotid distensibility coefficient was 0.09×10−5 Pa−1 lower (P=0.009) in parous versus nulliparous women. Among parous women, there was a nonlinear association with the greatest carotid distensibility coefficient seen in women with 2 live births and significantly lower distensibility seen in primiparas (P=0.04) or with higher parity >2 (P=0.005). No such pattern of association with parity was found for lumen diameter or carotid intima-media thickness. Parity is associated with lower carotid artery distensibility, suggesting arterial remodeling that lasts beyond childbirth. These long-term effects on the vasculature may explain the association of parity with cardiovascular events later in life.
Maternal Diabetes and Cardiovascular Health in the Offspring.; Pulse wave velocity (PWV) has been explored to predict cardiovascular health in adults. Less is known about neonatal PWV. We evaluated the association between arterial stiffness of neonates of mothers (NoM) with diabetes and childhood health. Neonatal brachial-femoral PWV (bfPWV) was measured after birth and neonates followed for a median of 5.2 years [1 month-6.6 years]. 36 pregnant women with pregestational diabetes mellitus PGDM (n = 12), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (n = 13), and controls (n = 11) were enrolled. Neonates were similar in weight, gestational age, and delivery mode. 26 neonates had follow-up data including weight, height and blood pressure. More mothers with PGDM had poor glycemic control compared to mothers with GDM (83% vs. 8%; p = 0.0002). PWV was higher in NoM with PGDM than controls (3.4 ± 0.5 vs. 2.6 ± 0.8 m/s; p = 0.04). At follow-up, children of mothers with diabetes (n = 16) had higher weight percentile (78.5 ± 27.9 vs 49.5 ± 34.6%; p = 0.02) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (68 ± 13.6 vs 57.3 ± 4.3 mmHg; p = 0.01) than controls (n = 10). No correlation emerged between neonatal PWV and childhood body mass index (BMI) or maternal HbA1c. Results suggest maternal diabetes affect neonatal arterial stiffness and childhood blood pressure; however, the mechanism is unclear. The long-term implications of these findings warrant further investigation.
Sulforaphane induced NRF2 activation in obese pregnancy attenuates developmental redox imbalance and improves early-life cardiovascular function in offspring.; In adverse pregnancy a perturbed redox environment is associated with abnormal early-life cardiovascular development and function. Previous studies have noted alterations in the expression and/or activity of Nuclear Factor E2 Related Factor 2 (NRF2) and its antioxidant targets during human gestational diabetic (GDM) pregnancy, however to our knowledge the functional role of NRF2 in fetal 'priming' of cardiovascular dysfunction in obese and GDM pregnancy has not been investigated. Using a murine model of obesity-induced glucose dysregulated pregnancy, we demonstrate that NRF2 activation by maternal sulforaphane (SFN) supplementation normalizes NRF2-linked NQO1, GCL and CuZnSOD expression in maternal and fetal liver placental and fetal heart tissue by gestational day 17.5. Activation of NRF2 in utero in wild type but not NRF2 deficient mice improved markers of placental efficiency and partially restored fetal growth. SFN supplementation was associated with reduced markers of fetal cardiac oxidative stress, including Nox2 and 3-nitrotyrosine, as well as attenuation of cardiac mass and cardiomyocyte area in male offspring by postnatal day 52 and improved vascular function in male and female offspring by postnatal day 98. Our findings are the first to highlight the functional consequences of NRF2 modulation in utero on early-life cardiovascular function in offspring, demonstrating that activation of NRF2 affords cardiovascular protection in offspring of pregnancies affected by redox dysregulation.
Preconception care for diabetic women for improving maternal and infant health.; BACKGROUND: Infants born to mothers with pre-existing type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus are at greater risk of congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality and significant morbidity in the short and long term. Pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes are at greater risk of perinatal morbidity and diabetic complications. The relationship between glycaemic control and health outcomes for both mothers and infants indicates the potential for preconception care for these women to be of benefit. This is an update of the original review, which was first published in 2010. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of preconception care in women with diabetes on health outcomes for mothers and their infants. SEARCH METHODS: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (31 January 2017) and reference lists of retrieved articles. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the effects of preconception care for diabetic women. Cluster-RCTs and quasi-RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two reviewers independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. We checked data for accuracy and assessed the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. MAIN RESULTS: We included three trials involving 254 adolescent girls with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, with an overall unclear to high risk of bias. The three trials were conducted at diabetes clinics in the USA, and assessed the READY-Girls (Reproductive-health Education and Awareness of Diabetes in Youth for Girls) programme versus standard care.Considering primary outcomes, one trial reported no pregnancies in the trial period (12 months) (very low-quality evidence, with downgrading based on study limitations (risk of bias) and imprecision); in the other two trials, pregnancy was an exclusion criterion, or was not clearly reported on. None of the trials reported on the other primary maternal outcomes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and caesarean section; or primary infant outcomes, large-for-gestational age, perinatal mortality, death or morbidity composite, or congenital malformations. Similarly, none of the trials reported on the secondary outcomes, for which we had planned to assess the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach (maternal: induction of labour; perineal trauma; gestational weight gain; long-term cardiovascular health; infant: adiposity; type 1 or 2 diabetes; neurosensory disability).The majority of secondary maternal and infant outcomes, and outcomes relating to the use and costs of health services were not reported by the three included trials. Regarding behaviour changes associated with the intervention, in one trial, participants in the preconception care group had a slightly higher score for the actual initiation of discussion regarding preconception care with healthcare providers at follow-up (nine months), compared with those in the standard care group (mean difference 0.40, 95% confidence interval -0.02 to 0.82 (on a scale of 0 to 4 points); participants = 87) (a summation of four dichotomous items; possible range 0 to 4, with 0 being no discussion). AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: There are insufficient RCT data available to assess the effects of preconception care for diabetic women on health outcomes for mothers and their infants.More high-quality evidence is needed to determine the effects of different protocols of preconception care for diabetic women. Future trials should be powered to evaluate effects on short- and long-term maternal and infant outcomes, and outcomes relating to the use and costs of health services. We have identified three ongoing studies that we will consider in the next review update.
Reducing Birth Defects by Decreasing the Prevalence of Maternal Chronic Diseases-Evaluated by Linked National Registration Dataset.; Birth defects (BDs) are an important cause of abortion, stillbirth, and infant mortality that may cause lifelong disability. The defects can be caused by genetics, environmental exposure, or maternal chronic diseases. We conducted a study to analyze the association between maternal chronic diseases and BDs and to evaluate the effect of decreasing the prevalence of maternal chronic diseases on reducing BDs. The data of newborns and their mothers were concatenated and analyzed from three national population databases: the National Health Insurance Research Database, the Birth Certificate Application, and the Birth Registration Database in Taiwan during the period of 2005 to 2014. Codes 740-759 of the International Classification of Diseases 9th Revision—Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) were used as the diagnosis of BDs. The prevalence of BDs was 2.72%. Mothers with cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM had a significantly higher prevalence of BDs. The population attributable risk percent (PAR%) of BDs was 1.63%, 0.55%, 0.18%, 1.06%, 0.45%, 0.22%, 0.48%, and 0.24% for maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. The percentage change (−1%, −5%, and −10% of prevalence in 2034 compared with the prevalence in 2005−2014) of maternal disease and the predicted number of live births was used to estimate the decrease in the number of newly diagnosed BDs in 2034. By using the middle-estimated number of live births in 2034, we predicted that the number of BDs would decrease by 302, 102, 33, 196, 83, 41, 89, and 44 with a −5% prevalence of maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. We conclude that mothers with chronic diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, have a significantly higher (p < 0.01) prevalence of having offspring with BDs. Mothers with chronic diseases are associated with BDs. It is very important to set up a policy to decrease the prevalence of these maternal chronic diseases; then, we can reduce the incidence of BDs.
Dietary supplementation with Ipomoea aquatica (whole leaf powder) attenuates maternal and fetal oxidative stress in streptozotocin-diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: The rate of congenital anomalies, as well as morbidity and mortality of both the mother and fetus, is increased in diabetic pregnancy. Oxidative stress (OS) has been implicated in these effects because of the beneficial effects of several antioxidants in diabetic embryopathy. In the present study, we assessed attenuation of maternal and fetal OS and diabetic embryopathy by Ipomoea aquatica Forsk. (Convolvulaceae). METHODS: Pregnant rats were divided into four groups: Group I, untreated non-diabetic control; Group II, rats fed a 2%I. aquatica (IA)-supplemented diet; Group III, streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic rats fed a normal diet; Group IV, STZ-diabetic rats fed an IA-supplemented diet. Rats were rendered diabetic with a single injection of STZ (40 mg/kg) on gestational day (GD) 4. Dams were killed on GD20 and markers of OS were determined in the maternal liver and fetal brain and liver. RESULTS: Embryopathy increased significantly in STZ-diabetic rats (by 40% versus control), but IA supplementation provided significant protection (36% reduction in embryopathy in the IA group versus the STZ-diabetic group). Interestingly, IA supplementation significantly offset diabetes-associated OS in the maternal liver, as evidenced by reductions in malondialdehyde (MDA; 25% reduction versus STZ-diabetes) and reactive oxygen species (ROS; 72% reduction) and increases in glutathione (53% reduction) and total thiols (45% reduction). In addition, IA supplementation offered significant protection against diabetes-induced OS in the fetal brain and liver, as evidenced by increased levels of antioxidant molecules and enzymes and reductions in ROS and MDA compared with fetuses from STZ-diabetic rats. CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that IA supplementation during pregnancy provides considerable protection against diabetes-induced OS in the mother and fetus. Thus, I. aquatica may be an effective therapeutic supplement.
Successful pregnancy after pharmacologic suppression of a circulating anticoagulant in a woman with previous pregnancy losses and pulmonary emboli. A case report.; A woman had two second-trimester fetal deaths two weeks after genetic amniocenteses, and her puerperal courses were also complicated by pulmonary emboli. During her next pregnancy a circulating anticoagulant was demonstrated that had been absent between her pregnancies. It was suppressed with aspirin and prednisone. Amniocentesis was uneventful. Despite the development of steroid-induced diabetes, the pregnancy outcome was successful, with no postpartum complications.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy.; We examined the risk of maternal obesity in 588 pregnant women weighing at least 113.6 kilograms (250 pounds) during pregnancy. Compared with a control group matched for age and parity, we found a significantly increased risk in the obese patient for gestational diabetes, hypertension, therapeutic induction, prolonged second stage of labor, oxytocin stimulation of labor, shoulder dystocia, infants weighing more than 4,000 grams and delivery after 42 weeks gestation. Certain operative complications were also more common in obese women undergoing cesarean section including estimated blood loss of more than 1,000 milliliters, operating time of more than two hours and wound infection postoperatively. These differences remained significant after controlling for appropriate confounding variables. We conclude that maternal obesity should be considered a high risk factor.
Maternity Log study: a longitudinal lifelog monitoring and multiomics analysis for the early prediction of complicated pregnancy.; PURPOSE: A prospective cohort study for pregnant women, the Maternity Log study, was designed to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of bioinformatic data in pregnancy and explore the associations between genomic and environmental factors and the onset of pregnancy complications, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm labour, using continuous lifestyle monitoring combined with multiomics data on the genome, transcriptome, proteome, metabolome and microbiome. PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant women were recruited at the timing of first routine antenatal visits at Tohoku University Hospital, Sendai, Japan, between September 2015 and November 2016. Of the eligible women who were invited, 65.4% agreed to participate, and a total of 302 women were enrolled. The inclusion criteria were age ≥20 years and the ability to access the internet using a smartphone in the Japanese language. FINDINGS TO DATE: Study participants uploaded daily general health information including quality of sleep, condition of bowel movements and the presence of nausea, pain and uterine contractions. Participants also collected physiological data, such as body weight, blood pressure, heart rate and body temperature, using multiple home healthcare devices. The mean upload rate for each lifelog item was ranging from 67.4% (fetal movement) to 85.3% (physical activity), and the total number of data points was over 6 million. Biospecimens, including maternal plasma, serum, urine, saliva, dental plaque and cord blood, were collected for multiomics analysis. FUTURE PLANS: Lifelog and multiomics data will be used to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of pregnancy. The reference catalogue will allow us to discover relationships among multidimensional phenotypes and novel risk markers in pregnancy for the future personalised early prediction of pregnancy complications.
COVID-19: Our Current Knowledge of Epidemiology, Pathology, Therapeutic Approaches, and Diagnostic Methods.; Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) firstly emerged in Wuhan, China at the end of 2019. After going through the experimental process, the virus was named the novel coronavirus (2019-nCoV) by the World Health Organization (WHO) in February 2020 which has created a global pandemic. The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection is challenging the people who are especially suffering from chronic health problems such as asthma, diabetes, and heart disease or immune system deteriorating disorders, including cancers, Alzheimer's, etc. Other predisposing/risk factors consist of smoking and age (elderly people are at higher risk). The 2019-nCoV attacks epithelial cells in all organs, particularly epithelial cells in the lungs, resulting in viral pneumonia. The 2019-nCoV starts its invasion with the attachment and entry into the respiratory tract epithelial cells via Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme 2 (ACE2) receptors on the epithelial cells. The critical problem with 2019-nCoV is its ability in human to human asymptomatic transmission which causes the rapid and hidden spread of the virus among the population. Also, there are several reports of highly variable and tightly case-dependent clinical manifestations caused by SARS-CoV2, which made the virus more enigmatic. The clinical symptoms are varied from common manifestations which occurred in flu and cold, such as cough, fever, body-ache, trembling, and runny nose to severe conditions, like the Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) or even uncommon/unusual symptoms such as anosmia, skin color change, and stroke. In fact, besides serious injuries in the respiratory system, COVID-19 invades and damages various organs, including the kidney, liver, gastrointestinal, and nervous system. Accordingly, to cut the transmission chain of disease and control the infection spread. One of the major solutions seems to be early detection of the carriers, particularly the asymptomatic people, with sensitive and accurate diagnostic techniques. Moreover, developing novel and appropriate therapeutic approaches will contribute to the suitable management of the pandemic. Therefore, there is an urgent necessity to make comprehensive investigations and study reviews about COVID-19, offering the latest findings of novel therapies, drugs, epidemiology, and routes of virus transmission and pathogenesis. In this review, we discuss new therapeutic outcomes and cover and the most significant aspects of COVID-19, including the epidemiology, biological features, organs failure, and diagnostic techniques.
Cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome in a population of young students from the National University of Colombia.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate prevalence and distribution of cardiovascular risk factors and Metabolic Syndrome (MS) in young individuals admitted to the National University of Colombia in Bogotá. METHODS: An analytic cross-sectional study was conducted in a sample of 249 individuals of both genders aged 15 to 20 years. A questionnaire was personally administered to collect demographic, socioeconomic, smoking, perinatal, and women's health data. Anthropometric measurements, blood pressure, and a fasting blood sample were taken. Prevalence of MS was determined and compared using criteria from several qualified institutions. RESULTS: We found a high prevalence of smoking (18.9%), arterial prehypertension (14.1%) and overweight (11.2%), 9.2% of study participants had prediabetes, and the most frequent dyslipidemia was low HDL cholesterol (13.3%). Alcoholic beverage consumption was declared by 60.6% of study terol and plasma triglyceride levels. Gestational age at birth was inversely associated with presence of low HDL cholesterol levels and high blood pressure. Prevalence of the MS varied markedly according to the definition employed: 9.2% using REGODCI (Research Group on Diabetes and Chronic Illnesses) criteria, 2% using IDF (International Diabetes Federation) criteria, and 2.4% using AHA (American Heart Association) criteria. CONCLUSION: The encountered prevalence of modifiable cardiovascular risk factors justifies promotion of therapeutic lifestyle changes among this age group in Colombia. Further harmonization of MS criteria in young individuals is needed.
Evidence for abnormal middle cerebral artery values in patients with idiopathic hydramnios.; OBJECTIVE: Idiopathic hydramnios is an independent risk factor for perinatal morbidity and mortality, although the precise mechanism is unknown. Hydramnios may alter oxygen delivery to the human fetus. The middle cerebral artery (MCA) pulsatility index (PI) is a sensitive parameter for detection of blood flow redistribution or centralization. The aim of this study was to determine whether idiopathic hydramnios is associated with changes in the PI of the MCA and the umbilical artery (UA). DESIGN: The PI of the MCA and UA were determined prospectively in 113 consecutive pregnant women with singleton pregnancies and idiopathic hydramnios (study group) and in 113 matched control patients with normal amniotic fluid (AF) volume (control group). The control group was matched for maternal age, gravidity, parity and gestational age at examination. Hydramnios was defined as an AF index above 24 cm. Patients with fetal structural or chromosomal anomalies and with diabetes mellitus were excluded. A PI below the 5th centile for the MCA was considered abnormal. RESULTS: The rate of abnormal MCA PI was significantly higher in the study group than in the control group (30.9% (35/113) vs. 5.3% (6/113), respectively, OR 8.0; p < 0.0001; 95% CI 3.3-22.1). A significant inverse correlation was found between MCA PI and increasing AF index among patients with hydramnios (p = 0.008, r = 0.46). In contrast, there were no significant differences between the UA PI (0.93 (0.57-2.06) vs. 1.0 (0.49-1.48), (p = 0.20)) and MCA/UA (1.86 (0.77-2.01) vs. 2.15 (0.86-4.11), (p = 0.14)) in both groups. CONCLUSIONS: Our observations provide evidence of cerebral blood flow redistribution in fetuses with idiopathic hydramnios.
Task Force II: blood pressure measurement and cardiovascular outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To reach a consensus on the prognostic significance of new techniques of automated blood pressure measurement. METHODS: A Task Force on the prognostic significance of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring wrote this review in preparation for the Eighth International Consensus Conference (28-31 October 2001, Sendai, Japan). This synopsis was amended to account for opinions aired at the conference and to reflect the common ground reached in the discussions. POINTS OF CONSENSUS: (1) Prospective studies in treated and untreated hypertensive patients and in the general population have demonstrated that, even after adjusting for established risk factors, the incidence of cardiovascular events is correlated with blood pressure on conventional as well as ambulatory measurement. Ambulatory monitoring, however, significantly refines the prediction already provided by conventional blood pressure measurement. (2) White-coat hypertension is usually defined as an elevated clinic blood pressure in the presence of a normal daytime ambulatory blood pressure. Event-based studies in hypertensive patients have convincingly demonstrated that the risk of cardiovascular disease is less in patients with white-coat hypertension than in those with higher ambulatory blood pressure levels even after controlling for concomitant risk factors. Based on prognostic evidence, white-coat hypertension can now be defined as a conventional blood pressure that is persistently equal to or greater than 140/90 mmHg with an average daytime ambulatory blood pressure of below 135/85 mmHg. The issue of whether or not white-coat hypertension predisposes to sustained hypertension needs further research. (3) There is a growing body of evidence showing that a decreased nocturnal fall in blood pressure (<10% of the daytime level) is associated with a worse prognosis, irrespective of whether night-time dipping is studied as a continuous or a class variable. (4) Intermittent techniques of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring are limited in terms of quantifying short-term blood pressure variability. Proven cardiovascular risk factors such as old age, a higher than usual blood pressure and diabetes mellitus are often associated with greater short-term blood pressure variability. After adjusting for these risk factors, some - but not all - studies have nevertheless reported an independent and positive relationship between cardiovascular outcome and measures of variability of daytime and night-time blood pressure, for example standard deviation. (5) Reference values for ambulatory blood pressure measurement in children are currently based on statistical parameters of blood pressure distribution. In children and adolescents, functional rather than distribution-based definitions of ambulatory hypertension have yet to be developed. (6) Several studies of gestational hypertension have shown that, compared with office measurement, ambulatory blood pressure monitoring is a better predictor of maternal and fetal complications. Pregnancy is a special indication for ambulatory monitoring so that the white-coat effect can be measured and pregnant women are not given antihypertensive drugs unnecessarily. (7) Ambulatory pulse pressure and the QKD interval are measurements obtained by ambulatory monitoring that to some extent reflect the functional characteristics of the large arteries. The QKD interval is correlated with left ventricular mass, and ambulatory pulse pressure is a strong predictor of cardiovascular outcome. (8) Under standardized conditions, the self-measurement of blood pressure is equally as effective as ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in identifying the white-coat effect, but further studies are required to elucidate fully the prognostic accuracy of self-measured blood pressure in comparison with conventional and ambulatory blood pressure measurement. CONCLUSIONS: Ambulatory blood pressure measurement refines the prognostic information provided by conventional blood pressure readings obtained in the clinic or the doctor's office. Longitudinal studies of patients with white-coat hypertension should clarify the transient, persistent or progressive nature of this condition, particularly in paediatric patients, in whom white-coat hypertension may be a harbinger of sustained hypertension and target-organ damage in adulthood. Finally, the applicability, cost-effectiveness and long-term prognostic accuracy of the self-measurement of blood pressure should be evaluated in relation to conventional blood pressure measurement and ambulatory monitoring.
Factors associated with stillbirth in women with diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Stillbirth risk is increased in pregnancy complicated by diabetes. Fear of stillbirth has major influence on obstetric management, particularly timing of delivery. We analysed population-level data from Scotland to describe timing of stillbirths in women with diabetes and associated risk factors. METHODS: A retrospective cohort of singleton deliveries to mothers with type 1 (n = 3778) and type 2 diabetes (n = 1614) from 1 April 1998 to 30 June 2016 was analysed using linked routine care datasets. Maternal and fetal characteristics, HbA(1c) data and delivery timing were compared between stillborn and liveborn groups. RESULTS: Stillbirth rates were 16.1 (95% CI 12.4, 20.8) and 22.9 (95% CI 16.4, 31.8) per 1000 births in women with type 1 (n = 61) and type 2 diabetes (n = 37), respectively. In women with type 1 diabetes, higher HbA(1c) before pregnancy (OR 1.03 [95% CI 1.01, 1.04]; p = 0.0003) and in later pregnancy (OR 1.06 [95% CI 1.04, 1.08]; p < 0.0001) were associated with stillbirth, while in women with type 2 diabetes, higher maternal BMI (OR 1.07 [95% CI 1.01, 1.14]; p = 0.02) and pre-pregnancy HbA(1c) (OR 1.02 [95% CI 1.00, 1.04]; p = 0.016) were associated with stillbirth. Risk was highest in infants with birthweights <10th centile (sixfold higher born to women with type 1 diabetes [n = 5 stillbirths, 67 livebirths]; threefold higher for women with type 2 diabetes [n = 4 stillbirths, 78 livebirths]) compared with those in the 10th-90th centile (n = 20 stillbirths, 1685 livebirths). Risk was twofold higher in infants with birthweights >95th centile born to women with type 2 diabetes (n = 15 stillbirths, 402 livebirths). A high proportion of stillborn infants were male among mothers with type 2 diabetes (81.1% vs 50.5% livebirths, p = 0.0002). A third of stillbirths occurred at term, with highest rates in the 38th week (7.0 [95% CI 3.7, 12.9] per 1000 ongoing pregnancies) among mothers with type 1 diabetes and in the 39th week (9.3 [95% CI 2.4, 29.2]) for type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Maternal blood glucose levels and BMI are important modifiable risk factors for stillbirth in diabetes. Babies at extremes of weight centiles are at most risk. Many stillbirths occur at term and could potentially be prevented by change in routine care and delivery policies.
Predictors of surgical site skin infection and clinical outcome at caesarean section in the very severely obese: A retrospective cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: The optimal surgical approach for caesarean section is uncertain in women with very severe obesity (body mass index (BMI) >40kg/m2). We aimed to assess maternal and surgical predictors of surgical site skin infection (SSSI) in very severely obese women and to undertake an exploratory evaluation of clinical outcomes in women with a supra-panniculus transverse compared to an infra-panniculus transverse skin incision. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Using a retrospective cohort design, case-records were reviewed of very severely obese women with a singleton pregnancy delivered by caesarean between August 2011 and December 2015 (n = 453) in two maternity hospitals in Scotland. Logistic regression analysis was used to determine predictors for SSSI. Outcomes were compared between women who had a supra-panniculus transverse compared to infra-panniculus transverse skin incision. RESULTS: Lower maternal age was predictive of SSSI, with current smoking status and longer wound open times being marginally significant. Maternal BMI, suture method and material demonstrated univariate associations with SSSI but were not independent predictors. Women with a supra-panniculus transverse skin incision were older (32.9 (4.4), vs. 30.6 (5.7), p = 0.002), had higher BMI (49.2 (7.1), vs. 43.3 (3.3), p<0.001), shorter gestation at delivery (days) (267.7 (14.9), vs. 274.8 (14.5), p<0.001) and higher prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (42.6% vs. 21.9%, p = 0.002). SSSI rates did not differ between supra-panniculus transverse (13/47; 27.7%) and infra-panniculus transverse (90/406; 22.2%; p = 0.395) skin incisions. CONCLUSION: SSSI rates are high in very severely obese women following caesarean section, regardless of location of skin incision.
Emerging functions and significance of circCDYL in human disorders.; Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are a group of non-coding transcripts in which a loop structure is shaped via a back splicing procedure. They have central roles in the regulation of gene expression. hsa_circ_0008285, alternatively named as circCDYL, is a circular RNA originated from the exon 4 of CDYL gene. It is produced by a back-splice incident and is mainly located in the cytoplasm. It has no internal ribosome entry site, open reading frame and intronic sequences. CircCDYL dysregulation has been reported in the malignant conditions including multiple myeloma, mantle cell lymphoma, breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, Wilms tumor, bladder cancer, colon cancer, and hepatocellular carcinoma. It also has an emerging role in the pathophysiology of non-malignant conditions including myocardial infarction, gestational diabetes mellitus, membranous nephropathy, and abdominal aortic aneurysm. In the current study, we summarize the emerging roles of circCDYL in malignant and non-malignant conditions.
Thrombotic risk factors: basic pathophysiology.; Although venous thrombosis has been traditionally associated with stasis and hypercoagulability, arterial thrombosis is mainly associated with heightened platelet reactivity and damage to the vessel wall. Accordingly, classic risk factors for venous and arterial thrombosis are usually considered distinct. Those for the former include cancer, surgery, pregnancy, and estrogens use, whereas risk factors of arterial thrombosis include smoking, hypertension, diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, and hyperlipidemia. However, a number of studies have recently challenged this dichotomy, and it is now recognized that venous and arterial thromboses share several risk factors, suggesting a closer link between the two clinical conditions. Typical examples of shared risk factors are age and the metabolic syndrome. This review addresses the mechanism whereby established risk factors increase the risk of venous or arterial thrombosis, or both.
The fetal origin of adult diseases.; In the last decade, the development of Barker's hypothesis of fetal programming opened the field for extensive research into the fetal origin of adult diseases. The association between low birth weight, which reflects intrauterine nutritional status, and the development of adult diseases has been confirmed in many studies for type 2 diabetes, hypertension and coronary heart diseases. Many other adulthood diseases were investigated for the same association with variable outcomes. These will be presented in this review.
Association between cardiac arrhythmia before pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a nationwide population-based study in Korea.; Given the higher prevalence of cardiac arrhythmias in individuals with diabetes, we investigated the relationship between cardiac arrhythmias and the incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM). This retrospective cohort study utilized data from the Korean Health Insurance Service database, encompassing 1,113,729 women who gave birth between January 2007 and December 2015. After excluding those who did not undergo National Health Screening tests within 1 year prior to pregnancy, those with multifetal pregnancies, and those diagnosed with diabetes, we analyzed 365,880 singleton pregnancies without a history of diabetes. Of these, 3,253 (0.9%) had cardiac arrhythmias, including premature extra beats, supraventricular tachyarrhythmias, and/or atrial flutter/fibrillation. GDM occurred in 31,938 (8.7%) subjects during pregnancy, and was more prevalent in women with cardiac arrhythmia than in those without (14.9% vs. 8.7%, p<0.001). In the multivariate analysis, the association between cardiac arrhythmia and GDM remained statistically significant (adjusted odds ratio, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.615-1.970; p<0.001). Subgroup analysis revealed that the risk of GDM was consistently statistically significant in subjects with cardiac arrhythmia, regardless of age, body mass index, and the presence or absence of chronic hypertension. Therefore, cardiac arrhythmias before and during pregnancy appear to be associated with an increased risk of developing GDM.
Trends and Determinants of Self-reported Aspirin Use Among Patients With Diabetes Stratified by Presence and Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases: A Repeated Pan-Canadian Cross-sectional Study.; OBJECTIVES: Our aim in this study was to quantify the prevalence over time and identify determinants of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) use in patients with diabetes with and without cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a representative Canadian sample from 2005 to 2014, and to determine whether the use of ASA among patients with diabetes changed after the Diabetes Canada clinical practice guidelines updates. METHODS: Data from the Canadian Community Health Survey were used. Respondents who were at least 35 years of age and diagnosed with diabetes---not during pregnancy---were included and categorized into secondary prevention (previous heart disease or stroke) or primary prevention (high or low CVD risk) groups. A stratified and weighted multivariable logistic regression model was used to quantify ASA use and identify determinants of use. RESULTS: Our sample consisted of 15,100 respondents with diabetes (weighted sample of ∼2,429,900). Approximately 70% and 50% of Canadians with diabetes used ASA for secondary and primary prevention, respectively. Overall, the trend of ASA use was stable over the study period in both the secondary and the primary prevention groups. This trend did not change after the clinical practice guidelines update in 2008. Having a regular doctor and older age were associated with increased use of ASA. Other significant determinants independently associated with ASA use included income, body mass index, smoking, immigration status, gender and chronic diseases. CONCLUSIONS: Among patients with diabetes in Canada, ASA appears to be underutilized in secondary prevention and high-risk primary prevention populations. Future research should address whether regular use of ASA is associated with clinical outcomes among patients with diabetes.
Maternal and offspring outcomes in women with intellectual and developmental disabilities: a population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the risks for adverse maternal and offspring outcomes in women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities. DESIGN: Population-based cohort study. SETTING: Ontario, Canada. POPULATION: Singleton obstetrical deliveries to 18- to 49-year-old women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities (n = 3932 in the exposed cohort, n = 382 774 in the unexposed cohort; 2002-2011 fiscal years). METHODS: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities were identified based on diagnoses in health administrative data or receipt of disability income support. The unexposed cohort comprised women without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Modified Poisson regression was used to compute adjusted relative risks (aRR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing the two cohorts. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary maternal outcomes were: gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary offspring outcomes were: preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. RESULTS: The exposed cohort, compared with the unexposed cohort, had increased risks for pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.47, 95% CI 1.11-1.93) and venous thromboembolism (aRR 1.60, 95% CI 1.17-2.19). Their offspring had increased risks for preterm birth (aRR 1.63, 95% CI 1.47-1.80) and small for gestational age (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.25-1.45). CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that there is a need to address modifiable risk factors for adverse outcomes among women with intellectual and developmental disabilities prior to and during pregnancy. Moreover, there is a need to enhance monitoring for maternal and offspring complications in this population. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Large cohort study: intellectual and developmental disabilities predispose women/babies to adverse outcomes.
Insulin control of placental gene expression shifts from mother to foetus over the course of pregnancy.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The human placenta is a complex organ situated at the interface between mother and foetus that separates maternal from foetal blood. The placental surfaces exposed to the two bloodstreams are different, i.e. trophoblasts and endothelial cells are in contact with the maternal and foetal circulation, respectively. Both cell types produce high insulin receptor levels. The aim of the present study was to test the hypothesis that spatio-temporal changes in insulin receptor expression in trophoblasts from first trimester to the endothelium at term shift the control of insulin-dependent processes from mother to foetus. METHODS: Global microarray analysis of primary trophoblasts from first trimester and term human placentas and endothelial cells from term human placentas cultured under hyperinsulinaemic and control conditions identified different sets of regulated genes in trophoblasts and endothelial cells. RESULTS: Insulin effects on placental gene expression underwent developmental changes from trophoblasts in the first trimester to endothelial cells at term that were paralleled by changes in levels of activated insulin receptors. The changes in gene regulation were both quantitative (i.e. magnitude of effect) and qualitative (i.e. specific genes affected and direction of regulation). CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: This spatio-temporal shift in insulin sensitivity throughout pregnancy allows maternal and foetal insulin to regulate different processes within the placenta at different gestational stages, facilitated by compartmentalisation of the insulin response. Thus, by altering the levels and function of insulin receptors in space and time, control of insulin-dependent processes in the human placenta will change from mother to foetus throughout gestation. This will be of particular interest in conditions associated with altered maternal or foetal insulin levels, i.e. diabetes mellitus or intrauterine growth restriction.
Myocardial macronutrient transporter adaptations in the adult pregestational female intrauterine and postnatal growth-restricted offspring.; Associations between exponential childhood growth superimposed on low birth weight and adult onset cardiovascular disease with glucose intolerance/type 2 diabetes mellitus exist in epidemiological investigations. To determine the metabolic adaptations that guard against myocardial failure on subsequent exposure to hypoxia, we compared with controls (CON), the effect of intrauterine (IUGR), postnatal (PNGR), and intrauterine and postnatal (IPGR) calorie and growth restriction (n = 6/group) on myocardial macronutrient transporter (fatty acid and glucose) -mediated uptake in pregestational young female adult rat offspring. A higher myocardial FAT/CD36 protein expression in IUGR, PNGR, and IPGR, with higher FATP1 in IUGR, FATP6 in PNGR, FABP-c in PNGR and IPGR, and no change in GLUT4 of all groups was observed. These adaptive macronutrient transporter protein changes were associated with no change in myocardial [(3)H]bromopalmitate accumulation but a diminution in 2-deoxy-[(14)C]glucose uptake. Examination of the sarcolemmal subfraction revealed higher basal concentrations of FAT/CD36 in PNGR and FATP1 and GLUT4 in IUGR, PNGR, and IPGR vs. CON. Exogenous insulin uniformly further enhanced sarcolemmal association of these macronutrient transporter proteins above that of basal, with the exception of insulin resistance of FATP1 and GLUT4 in IUGR and FAT/CD36 in PNGR. The basal sarcolemmal macronutrient transporter adaptations proved protective against subsequent chronic hypoxic exposure (7 days) only in IUGR and PNGR, with notable deterioration in IPGR and CON of the echocardiographic ejection fraction. We conclude that the IUGR and PNGR pregestational adult female offspring displayed a resistance to insulin-induced translocation of FATP1, GLUT4, or FAT/CD36 to the myocardial sarcolemma due to preexistent higher basal concentrations. This basal adaptation of myocardial macronutrient transporters ensured adequate fatty acid uptake, thereby proving protective against chronic hypoxia-induced myocardial compromise.
Association of maternal prenatal smoking GFI1-locus and cardio-metabolic phenotypes in 18,212 adults.; BACKGROUND: DNA methylation at the GFI1-locus has been repeatedly associated with exposure to smoking from the foetal period onwards. We explored whether DNA methylation may be a mechanism that links exposure to maternal prenatal smoking with offspring's adult cardio-metabolic health. METHODS: We meta-analysed the association between DNA methylation at GFI1-locus with maternal prenatal smoking, adult own smoking, and cardio-metabolic phenotypes in 22 population-based studies from Europe, Australia, and USA (n = 18,212). DNA methylation at the GFI1-locus was measured in whole-blood. Multivariable regression models were fitted to examine its association with exposure to prenatal and own adult smoking. DNA methylation levels were analysed in relation to body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), fasting glucose (FG), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (TG), diastolic, and systolic blood pressure (BP). FINDINGS: Lower DNA methylation at three out of eight GFI1-CpGs was associated with exposure to maternal prenatal smoking, whereas, all eight CpGs were associated with adult own smoking. Lower DNA methylation at cg14179389, the strongest maternal prenatal smoking locus, was associated with increased WC and BP when adjusted for sex, age, and adult smoking with Bonferroni-corrected P < 0·012. In contrast, lower DNA methylation at cg09935388, the strongest adult own smoking locus, was associated with decreased BMI, WC, and BP (adjusted 1 × 10(-7) < P < 0.01). Similarly, lower DNA methylation at cg12876356, cg18316974, cg09662411, and cg18146737 was associated with decreased BMI and WC (5 × 10(-8) < P < 0.001). Lower DNA methylation at all the CpGs was consistently associated with higher TG levels. INTERPRETATION: Epigenetic changes at the GFI1 were linked to smoking exposure in-utero/in-adulthood and robustly associated with cardio-metabolic risk factors. FUND: European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement no. 633595 DynaHEALTH.
Intrapartum Results on Differing Degrees of Ketonuria in Nulliparous Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus during Spontaneous Labor.; To compare intrapartum results associated with differing degrees of ketonuria in nulliparous women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we implemented a retrospective cohort study comparing clinical characteristics among differing degrees of ketonuria and the duration and distribution of ketonuria at different stages of labor. We also analyzed adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes for each group. A total of 570 GDM deliveries were included; of these, 238 had negative ketonuria (41.8%), 180 had moderate ketonuria (31.6%), and 152 had ketosis (26.6%). The proportion of patients with a family history of diabetes significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria increased (P < 0.001). Moreover, a significantly lower level of HOMA-IR (the insulin resistance index) was observed for the Negative group (P < 0.001). The triglyceride (TG) level was significantly higher in the Ketosis group (P < 0.001), and the total cholesterol (TC) levels significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria progressed (P < 0.001). There were also higher maternal blood sugar levels and a significantly higher proportion of oxytocin augmentation in ketonuria cases (P < 0.001). Over three-fourths of patients (75.6%) had a ketonuria duration of ≤2 hours in the Moderate group, 61.2% had a ketonuria duration of between 3 and 4 h in the Ketosis group, and most of the ketonuria cases resolved in the first stage of labor. As the degree of ketonuria progressed, we observed a significantly higher number of cases with fetal heart rate pattern III (FHR pattern III), meconium-stained amniotic fluid III (MSAF III), postpartum hemorrhages, prolonged labor, neonatal hypoglycemia, an umbilical cord arterial pH of <7.2, low Apgar scores, increased neonatal intensive care admissions, augmented forceps-assisted deliveries, and conversions to cesarean sections. The results showed that ketonuria is common during the intrapartum period and that the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes may increase when complicated with ketonuria.
Trends and risk factors of stillbirth in Taiwan 2006-2013: a population-based study.; PURPOSE: To examine temporal trends in stillbirth and its associated risk factors in Taiwan. METHODS: This was a population-based cohort study. Data were extracted from the Birth Certificate Application database. Singleton births at 28 or more gestational weeks were included. A total of 1,536,796 births, including 3741 stillbirths, were analyzed from January 2006 to December 2013. RESULTS: The stillbirth rate was 2.4 per 1000 births and there was no change in the stillbirth rate during the study period. The adjusted odds ratio (aOR) for stillbirth was 1.28 for maternal age between 35 and 40 years and 1.79 for maternal age ≥ 41 years, with 21-34 years as the reference. The risk for stillbirth increased in single women (aOR, 2.4), female baby (aOR, 1.08), small for gestational age (aOR, 6.34) and large for gestational age (aOR, 1.52) infants, and women with hypertension (aOR, 3.78), diabetes mellitus (aOR, 2.04), anemia (aOR, 1.65), and oligohydramnios or polyhydramnios (aOR, 2.46).Women with heart disease and maternal age ≤ 20 years had no significant association with stillbirth after adjusting for various risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Although the rate of stillbirth was stable during the study period, the incidence of risk factors associated with stillbirth, such as advanced maternal age, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and anemia, had increased over time. Understanding about the risk factors might change protocols and allow for earlier detection of problems and prevention of stillbirths. Prevention or management of risk factors should be undertaken to reduce stillbirth rate.
Decreased levels of stem cell factor in subjects with incident coronary events.; BACKGROUND: It has been proposed that vascular progenitor cells play an important role in vascular repair, but their possible clinical importance in cardiovascular disease has not been fully characterized. Vascular endothelial growth factor A, placental growth factor and stem cell factor (SCF) are three growth factors that are important in recruiting vascular progenitor cells. In this study, we investigated the association between the plasma levels of these growth factors and incident coronary events (CEs). METHODS: Levels of the three growth factors were measured using the proximity extension assay technique in baseline plasma samples from 384 subjects with a first CE (mean follow-up 14.0 ± 4.3 years) and 409 event-free control subjects matched by sex and age, as well as in homogenates from 201 endarterectomy specimens. RESULTS: After controlling for known cardiovascular disease risk factors in a Cox regression model, subjects in the lowest SCF tertile had a hazard ratio of 1.70 (95% confidence interval 1.14-2.54) compared with subjects in the highest SCF tertile. Lower SCF levels were also associated with more severe carotid disease, less fibrous atherosclerotic plaques and an increased incidence of heart failure. Expression of the SCF receptor c-kit was demonstrated in the subendothelial layer and fibrous cap of human atherosclerotic plaques. Smokers and subjects with diabetes had decreased levels of SCF compared with control subjects. CONCLUSION: To our knowledge, this is the first clinical study to provide evidence to support a key role for SCF and progenitor cells in vascular repair. We suggest that the SCF-c-kit pathway may be a promising biomarker and therapeutic target in cardiovascular disease.
The safety of etretinate as long-term therapy for psoriasis: results of the etretinate follow-up study.; BACKGROUND: Etretinate is an aromatic retinoid given orally to treat severe psoriasis, a chronic disease that often requires long-term therapy. OBJECTIVE: We assessed the safety of long-term therapy with etretinate for psoriasis. METHODS: This 5-year prospective study of a cohort of 956 patients with psoriasis treated with etretinate assessed the frequency of adverse events in relation to total use and in relation to the frequency of these events in control populations. RESULTS: Our data do not provide evidence for an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, or inflammatory bowel disease in association with long-term etretinate use. Although some patients reported that joint problems improved with the use of etretinate, a greater number associated the use of etretinate with joint problems. CONCLUSION: With proper patient selection and monitoring, long-term etretinate therapy (up to 4 years) does not appear to be accompanied by a substantial increased risk of major adverse effects.
Contraceptive choice for women with 'risk factors'.; Women with many medical conditions need to plan their families with special care. For such women, the risk of complications with particular contraceptive methods is increased. Women with severe hypertension, a previous myocardial infarction or venous thromboembolism, or cerebrovascular stroke have a significant risk of problems in pregnancy, and should avoid the combined pill. The combined pill may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in patients with diabetes mellitus and may worsen the severity of migrainous headaches in susceptible patients. Women with active hepatitis should wait for liver function tests to normalise before becoming pregnant or starting the combined pill or injectable progestogen. Control of epilepsy may deteriorate with use of the combined pill; this is probably because of the risk of drug interactions. Similarly, contraceptive control may also fail in women receiving rifampicin (rifampin) concurrently with contraceptive steroids. Intrauterine contraceptive devices should not be used in women who have experienced previous episodes of pelvic inflammatory disease, or with previous malignancy of the genital tract until complete cure is likely. Other conditions which may appear, become more common or worsen when the combined pill is prescribed include hepatic adenoma, gall bladder disease, ulcerative colitis, alopecia, hirsutism and acne. Some of these conditions are potentially hazardous to the woman's health, in which case combined pill use should be stopped. If the condition is unchanged then the combined pill may sometimes be reintroduced with caution.
Diabetes: a review of its pathophysiology, and advanced methods of mitigation.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a long-lasting metabolic non-communicable disease often characterized by an increase in the level of glucose in the blood or hyperglycemia. Approximately, 415 million people between the ages of 20 and 79 years had DM in 2015 and this figure will rise by 200 million by 2040. In a study conducted by CARRS, it's been found that in Delhi the prevalence of diabetes is around 27% and for prediabetic cases, it is more than 46%. The disease DM can be both short-term and long-term and is often associated with one or more diseases like cardiovascular disease, liver disorder, or kidney malfunction. Early identification of diabetes may help avoid catastrophic repercussions because untreated DM can result in serious complications. Diabetes' primary symptoms are persistently high blood glucose levels, frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Therefore, DM is classified into four major categories, namely, Type 1, Type 2, Gestational diabetes, and secondary diabetes. There are various oral and injectable formulations available in the market like insulin, biguanides, sulphonylureas, etc. for the treatment of DM. Recent attention can be given to the various nano approaches undertaken for the treatment, diagnosis, and management of diabetes mellitus. Various nanoparticles like Gold Nanoparticles, carbon nanomaterials, and metallic nanoparticles are some of the approaches mentioned in this review. Besides nanotechnology, artificial intelligence (AI) has also found its application in diabetes care. AI can be used for screening the disease, helping in decision-making, predictive population-level risk stratification, and patient self-management tools. Early detection and diagnosis of diabetes also help the patient avoid expensive treatments later in their life with the help of IoT (internet of medical things) and machine learning models. These tools will help healthcare physicians to predict the disease early. Therefore, the Nano drug delivery system along with AI tools holds a very bright future in diabetes care.
Soft drinks and sweeteners intake: Possible contribution to the development of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. Beneficial or detrimental action of alternative sweeteners?; The rapid increase in obesity, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) has been related to the rise in sugar-added foods and sweetened beverages consumption. An interesting approach has been to replace sugar with alternative sweeteners (AS), due to their impact on public health. Preclinical and clinical studies, which analyze the safety of AS intake, are still limited. Major pathogenic mechanisms of these substances include ROS and AGEs formation. Indeed, endothelial dysfunction involving in the pathogenesis of micro- and macro-vascular diseases is mitochondrial dysfunction dependent. Hyperglycemia and endoplasmic reticulum stress together produce ROS, contributing to the development and progression of cardiovascular complications during type 2 diabetes (T2D), thus causing oxidative changes and direct damage of lipids, proteins, and DNA. Epidemiological studies in healthy subjects have suggested that the consumption of artificial AS can promote CV complications, such as glucose intolerance and predisposition to the onset of T2D, whereas natural AS could reduce hyperglycemia, improve lipid metabolism and have antioxidant effects. Long-term prospective clinical randomized studies are needed to evaluate precisely whether exposure to alternative sugars can have clinical implications on natural history and clinical outcomes, especially in children or during the gestational period through breast milk.
Pregnancy loss and risk of cardiovascular disease: the Nurses' Health Study II.; AIMS: The aim of this study was to explore the association of pregnancy loss (PL) with the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and examine the extent to which this relation is mediated by subsequent metabolic disorders. METHODS AND RESULTS: We followed 95 465 ever-gravid women participating in the Nurses' Health Study II between 1993 and 2017. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) of CVD, including coronary heart disease (CHD), and stroke, according to the occurrence of PL. A mediation analysis was conducted to explore the intermediating effect of subsequent type 2 diabetes, hypertension, or hypercholesterolaemia. During 2 205 392 person-years of follow-up (mean 23.10 years), 2225 (2.3%) incident CVD cases were documented. After adjusting for confounding factors, PL was associated with an HR of 1.21 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.10-1.33] for CVD during follow-up. A similar association was observed for CHD (HR 1.20; 95% CI 1.07-1.35) and stroke (HR 1.23; 95% CI 1.04-1.44). The risk of CVD increased with the number of PLs [HR 1.18 (95% CI 1.06-1.31) for 1 and 1.34 (95% CI 1.13-1.59) for ≥2 times] and was greater for PL occurring early in reproductive lifespan [HR 1.40 (95% CI 1.21-1.62) for age ≤23 years, 1.25 (95% CI 1.09-1.43) for age 24-29 years, and 1.03 (95% CI 0.88-1.19) for age ≥30 years]. Hypertension, hypercholesterolaemia, and type 2 diabetes all explained <1.80% of the association between PL and CVD. CONCLUSION: PL was associated with a greater CVD risk, independently of subsequent development of metabolic disorders.
Resolution of neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy presumed secondary to acquired maternal ribonucleoprotein and smith autoantibodies.; Severe asymmetrical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy without heart block accompanied by neuromuscular hypotonia and feeding difficulties was evident shortly after birth in the second child of a mother with systemic lupus erythematosus who had no indication of gestational diabetes. High-level anti-ribonucleoprotein (RNP) and Smoth (Sm) antibodies arising from transplacental transfer of maternal antibodies were detected in the child's serum. The cardiac abnormalities improved with a commensurate decline in antibody titers. Previously reported cases of neonatal cardiomyopathy with endocardial fibroelastosis have been ascribed to the transplacental transfer of maternal Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) A (Ro) and Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) B (La) antibodies and have been more severe and persistent compared with our patient. We advocate close monitoring of all babies of mothers with systemic autoimmunity for changes in heart rate during pregnancy and signs of heart failure and neuromuscular weakness after delivery.
Size at birth and preterm birth in women with lifetime eating disorders: a prospective population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether eating disorders are associated with lower size at birth, symmetric growth restriction, and preterm birth; and whether pregnancy smoking explains the association between anorexia nervosa and fetal growth. DESIGN: Longitudinal population-based cohort study. SETTING: Denmark. SAMPLE: Women from the Danish National Birth Cohort (n = 83 826). METHODS: Women with anorexia nervosa (n = 1609), bulimia nervosa (n = 1693) and both (anorexia + bulimia nervosa, n = 634) were compared with unexposed women (n = 76 724) (women with exposure data and singletons n = 80 660) using crude and adjusted linear and logistic regression models. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Size at birth (birthweight, length, head and abdominal circumference and placental weight); gestational age; small- and large-for-gestational-age (SGA, LGA); ponderal index, abdominal/head circumference. RESULTS: Lifetime anorexia nervosa and lifetime anorexia + bulimia nervosa were prospectively associated with restricted fetal growth and higher odds of SGA [respectively, OR = 1.6 [95% CI 1.3-1.8] and OR = 1.5 [95% CI 1.2-1.9)] compared with unexposed women. Active anorexia nervosa was associated with lower birthweight, length, head and abdominal circumference, ponderal index, higher odds of SGA [OR = 2.90 (95% 1.98-4.26)] and preterm birth [OR = 1.77 (95% CI 1.00-3.12)] compared with unexposed women. Pregnancy smoking only partly explained the association between anorexia nervosa and adverse fetal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal anorexia nervosa (both active and past) is associated with lower size at birth and symmetric growth restriction, with evidence of worse outcomes in women with active disorder. Women with anorexia nervosa should be advised about achieving full recovery before conceiving. Similarly, targeting smoking in pregnancy might improve fetal outcomes. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Anorexia nervosa predicts small size at birth, small-for-gestational-age and symmetric growth restriction.
Synthetic Chemicals and Cardiometabolic Health Across the Life Course Among Vulnerable Populations: a Review of the Literature from 2018 to 2019.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Although vulnerable populations are disproportionately exposed to synthetic chemicals with endocrine disrupting properties, few recent reviews have summarized the impact of synthetic chemicals on cardiometabolic health among these groups. RECENT FINDINGS: Of 37 eligible epidemiological studies among vulnerable populations published between January 2018 and April 2019 in which over half were prospective, the most investigated populations were pregnant women and children. Racial/ethnic minorities, individuals of low socioeconomic status (SES), and those occupationally exposed were studied the least. The most studied persistent organic pollutants (POPs) were per-/poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), and the most studied non-POPs were phenols. Across chemical classes, studies found certain POPs (e.g., PFAS) and non-POPs (i.e., phenols, phthalates, and parabens) to be associated with gestational diabetes and dysregulated glucose metabolism. Results for other cardiometabolic health outcomes were inconsistent but suggested certain chemicals may negatively affect cardiometabolic health. Synthetic chemicals likely adversely affect cardiometabolic health, but current findings were inconclusive. Few recent studies focused on racial/ethnic minorities, low SES, and occupationally exposed populations. To address poor cardiometabolic health and related disparities, more studies across vulnerable populations are warranted.
Rate of neonatal weight gain and effects on adult metabolic health.; The association of rapid weight gain in early life with increased adiposity and obesity in later life has been established, whereas whether rapid neonatal weight gain predisposes individuals to other risk factors for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus remains controversial. Gain in weight of >0.5 SD scores in the first 3 months of life (described as rapid weight gain) is associated with an unfavourable health profile in adulthood, and keeping weight gain below this threshold could reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life. Weight gain above this threshold is not necessarily unhealthy if the increase is in proportion with the increase in length. As such, regular measurement of both the weight and length of all infants is important. Preterm infants and those who are born small for gestational age are most likely to have rapid weight gain, and are high-risk populations for unfavourable health profiles in adulthood.
Severity of obstructive coronary artery stenosis after pre-eclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: Women with a history of pre-eclampsia are at higher risk of premature coronary artery disease. Assessment of obstructive coronary artery stenosis by invasive coronary angiography has not been evaluated after pre-eclampsia. METHODS: A population-based cohort study was completed in Ontario, Canada, where there is universal healthcare and collection of angiographic data. Included were women with a live birth or stillbirth from 2002 to 2020, and without known heart disease. One birth was randomly selected per woman. The main exposure compared women with versus without pre-eclampsia. The primary outcome was angiographically established obstructive coronary artery stenosis, assessed starting 42 days after the index birth. Cause-specific hazard models accounting for competing risks generated HRs, adjusted for age, parity, income, rurality, diabetes, chronic hypertension, renal disease, substance use and dyslipidaemia. RESULTS: Among 42 252 women ever with pre-eclampsia and 1359 122 never with pre-eclampsia, mean age was 31.1 years and 30.6 years, respectively. After 9 years of follow-up, obstructive coronary artery stenosis occurred in 186 women with pre-eclampsia (4.53 per 10 000 person-years) versus 1237 women without pre-eclampsia (0.97 per 10 000 person-years)-an unadjusted HR 4.41 (95% CI 3.78 to 5.14) and adjusted HR 2.07 (95% CI 1.77 to 2.43). Relative to those with neither, the adjusted HR for coronary stenosis was highest in women with pre-eclampsia and preterm birth (3.11, 95% CI 2.51 to 3.87), or pre-eclampsia and stillbirth (2.80, 95% CI 1.05 to 7.47). CONCLUSIONS: Pre-eclampsia is associated with a greater risk of premature-onset obstructive coronary artery stenosis, especially when it is complicated by a preterm birth or a stillbirth.
Medical conditions among adult offspring prenatally exposed to diethylstilbestrol.; BACKGROUND: Diethylstilbestrol (DES), a synthetic estrogen that was used in pregnancy, is a prototype endocrine-disrupting chemical. Although prenatal exposure to DES is known to increase risks of vaginal/cervical adenocarcinoma and adverse reproductive outcomes in women, and urogenital anomalies in men, data on nonreproductive medical conditions are lacking. METHODS: We estimated hazard ratios and their associated 95% confidence intervals for the associations between prenatal DES exposure and the occurrence of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, osteoporosis, and related conditions among 5590 female and 2657 male offspring followed from 1994 through 2006, adjusted for birth year, cohort, sex, body mass index, smoking status, alcohol use, education, and number of general physical examinations in the past 5 years. RESULTS: Comparing persons exposed prenatally to DES with those who were not exposed, the hazard ratios were 1.21 (95% confidence interval = 0.96-1.54) for diabetes, 1.27 (1.00-1.62) for all cardiovascular disease, 1.18 (0.88-1.59) for coronary artery disease, 1.28 (0.88-1.86) for myocardial infarction, 1.12 (1.02-1.22) for high cholesterol, 1.14 (1.02-1.28) for hypertension, 1.24 (0.99-1.54) for osteoporosis, and 1.30 (0.95-1.79) for fractures. The associations did not differ by dose and timing of DES exposure, nor, in the women, by the presence or absence of vaginal epithelial changes (a marker of DES host susceptibility). CONCLUSIONS: These data raise the possibility that prenatal exposure to DES is associated with several common medical conditions in adulthood, although differential reporting by DES status and residual confounding cannot be ruled out. Further follow-up should assess these findings with validated outcomes and seek to understand the biological mechanisms.
Absence of telomere shortening and oxidative DNA damage in the young adult offspring of women with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The offspring of mothers with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes (PGDM) may be at increased risk of glucose intolerance and cardiovascular disease in childhood. The underlying causes of these observations, and whether they persist into adulthood, are unknown. The aim of the present study was to test the hypothesis that fetal chromosomal telomere oxidative DNA damage resulting from maternal PGDM programmes the offspring towards a senescent phenotype that is detectable in young adulthood. METHODS: We studied 21 young adult offspring (age 16-23 years) with a maternal history of PGDM and 23 age- and weight-matched controls with no maternal history of diabetes. All participants underwent anthropometric assessments, a standard 75 g OGTT, measurement of peripheral blood mononuclear cell and skin fibroblast telomere length, fibroblast senescence, cell DNA damage (by determination of 8-oxoguanine levels using flow cytometry), plasma lipoprotein profiles (determined by nuclear magnetic resonance) and plasma levels of soluble adhesion molecules and inflammatory markers. RESULTS: The groups did not differ significantly with respect to anthropometric measures, glucose tolerance, fasting and 2 h plasma insulin levels during OGTT, estimated peripheral insulin resistance, peripheral blood mononuclear cell or fibroblast telomere length, DNA damage or senescence in vitro, plasma NMR lipoprotein profiles or levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Plasma concentrations of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1; p < 0.05) and IL-6 (p = 0.08) were higher in the PGDM offspring. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Young adult offspring of mothers with PGDM do not differ in terms of glucose tolerance, DNA damage or telomere length from controls of the same weight and BMI. This does not preclude such abnormalities at an earlier age, but there is no evidence of telomere damage as a pre-programming mechanism in the young adults enrolled in this study.
Impact of excessive pre-pregnancy body mass index and abnormal gestational weight gain on pregnancy outcomes in women with chronic hypertension.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effects of excessive pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and abnormal gestational weight gain on adverse outcomes in women with chronic hypertension (CH). STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of CH women with singleton pregnancy delivered at our Institution in 2002-2013. Women were categorized as normal, overweight, and obese, according to their pre-pregnancy BMI. Further stratification was based on gestational weight gain (insufficient, adequate, and excessive) as defined by 2009 IOM guidelines. MAIN OUTCOMES MEASURES: Gestational diabetes, hypothyroidism, superimposed preeclampsia, preterm birth <37 weeks, cesarean section, and delivery of a small or large for gestational age neonate. RESULTS: 309 women met inclusion criteria. Obese women had increased odds of gestational diabetes (aOR, 3.18; 95% CI, 1.46-6.90), hypothyroidism (aOR, 2.41; 95% CI, 1.15-5.54), and superimposed preeclampsia (aOR, 2.36; 95% CI, 1.20-4.65), compared to normal BMI. Overweight women also displayed higher risk of diabetes (aOR 2.19; 95% CI, 1.05-5.03). Insufficient weight gain increased odds of small for gestational age neonate in normal BMI women (aOR, 1.82; 95% CI 1.31-2.07), whereas excessive gain was associated with superimposed preeclampsia in normal BMI patients (aOR, 3.51; 95% CI, 1.16-7.89) and with cesarean delivery in obese women (aOR, 2.96; 95% CI, 1.09-5.81). CONCLUSIONS: Excessive pre-conception BMI and abnormal gestational weight gain increase odds of pregnancy complications in CH women. Our results stress the importance of pre-conception counseling for weight normalization in CH women, and support IOM recommendations for adequate weight gain during CH pregnancies.
[2003 update of the Guidelines of the Spanish Society of Cardiology on High Blood Pressure].; Since publication of the Spanish Society of Cardiology Clinical Practice Guidelines on High Blood Pressure in January 2000, a new body of scientific evidence has been obtained that needs to be taken into account in clinical practice. A complete clinical evaluation by assessment of the global cardiovascular risk score should be done in patients with hypertension. In this connection, ECG findings and urine albumin excretion are of particular value. Up to now, the results of most important clinical trials indicate that the aim should be to normalize blood pressure, with stricter control in patients at higher risk (diabetes, target organ damage or left ventricular hypertrophy). Antihypertensive therapy should be selected on an individual basis, taking in account that patients with certain associated pathologies will benefit more from particular groups of drugs. Those with diabetes or left ventricular hypertrophy seem to benefit from pharmacological block of the renin-angiotensin system, and patients with heart failure from combined therapy with ACE inhibitors plus beta-blockers.
Higher daytime systolic BP, prepregnancy BMI and an elevated sFlt-1/PlGF ratio predict the development of hypertension in normotensive pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: The risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) varies in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), depending on the degree of insulin resistance and is also influenced by obesity. The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical features, blood pressure (BP) profiles and inflammatory markers, to identify patients with an elevated risk of developing HDP. METHODS: A total of 146 normotensive pregnant women were studied. We analysed the relationships of BP profiles detected by ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) with serum biomarkers and angiogenic factors and their association with the development of HDP. RESULTS: Fourteen (9.6%) women developed HDP, of which 11 had GDM and 8 had obesity. Women with HDP had higher values of 24-h and daytime systolic/diastolic BP (113/69 vs. 104/64; 115/72 vs. 106/66 mmHg, respectively; p <  0.05). Higher levels of leptin (10.97 ± 0.82 vs. 10.2 ± 1.11; p = 0.018) andmonocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) (5.24 ± 0.60 vs. 4.9 ± 0.55; p = 0.044) and a higher soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1/placental growth factor (sFlt-1/PlGF) ratio (4.37 ± 2.2 vs. 2.2 ± 1.43; p = 0.003) were also observed in the HDP patients. Multivariate analysis showed that a higher sFlt-1/PlGF ratio was associated with an increased risk of developing HDP [OR = 2.02; IC 95%: 1.35-3.05]. Furthermore, higher daytime systolic BP [OR = 1.27; IC 95% 1.00-1.26] and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) [OR = 1.14; IC 95%: 1.01-1.30] significantly increased the risk of developing HDP. CONCLUSIONS: Higher daytime systolic BP values, prepregnancy BMI and the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio are useful for identifying normotensive pregnant women with an increased risk of developing HDP.
Global status and trends of metabolomics in diabetes: A literature visualization knowledge graph study.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia, which has increased the global medical burden and is also the main cause of death in most countries. AIM: To understand the knowledge structure of global development status, research focus, and future trend of the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the past 20 years. METHODS: The articles about the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the Web of Science Core Collection were retrieved from 2002 to October 23, 2023, and the relevant information was analyzed using CiteSpace6.2.2R (CiteSpace), VOSviewer6.1.18 (VOSviewer), and Bibliometrix software under R language. RESULTS: A total of 3123 publications were included from 2002 to 2022. In the past two decades, the number of publications and citations in this field has continued to increase. The United States, China, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other relevant funds, institutions, and authors have significantly contributed to this field. Scientific Reports and PLoS One are the journals with the most publications and the most citations. Through keyword co-occurrence and cluster analysis, the closely related keywords are "insulin resistance", "risk", "obesity", "oxidative stress", "metabolomics", "metabolites" and "biomarkers". Keyword clustering included cardiovascular disease, gut microbiota, metabonomics, diabetic nephropathy, molecular docking, gestational diabetes mellitus, oxidative stress, and insulin resistance. Burst detection analysis of keyword depicted that "Gene", "microbiota", "validation", "kidney disease", "antioxidant activity", "untargeted metabolomics", "management", and "accumulation" are knowledge frontiers in recent years. CONCLUSION: The relationship between metabolomics and diabetes is receiving extensive attention. Diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease, and kidney disease are key diseases for future research in this field. Gut microbiota, molecular docking, and untargeted metabolomics are key research directions in the future. Antioxidant activity, gene, validation, mass spectrometry, management, and accumulation are at the forefront of knowledge frontiers in this field.
Implications of the Camden Study of adolescent pregnancy: interactions among maternal growth, nutritional status, and body composition.; One of the principal goals of the Camden Study over the past decade has been to document the extent to which pregnancy during adolescence is affected by continued maternal growth. Findings from the Camden Study relating to the other main goal, the effects of maternal growth during pregnancy on the outcome of pregnancy (maternal-fetal competition), are reviewed elsewhere. Contrary to widely held beliefs, we have found that there is considerable growth in late adolescence for girls, and, in particular, continued development of weight (> 1 kg/year) and increases in subcutaneous fatness at central sites. Thus, when pregnancy occurs during this final phase of adolescent growth, the normal growth processes may be exacerbated. That is, the adolescent potential for weight gain (as fat) may be exploited. Along with others, we have documented that adolescent pregnancy is associated with larger gestational weight gains. Using methods sufficiently sensitive to detect maternal growth prospectively, we also found that the larger-than-average total weight gains among adolescents appear attributable primarily to the growing adolescent gravidas and reflect their continued accrual of subcutaneous fat and increased risk for weight retention. Excessive gestational weight gain, as is more common among growing adolescent gravidas, appears to exacerbate the accumulation of fat at central sites. Aside from the consequences to the outcome of pregnancy, adolescents who begin their childbearing early while still growing themselves, such as those we have followed in the Camden Study over the past decade, may be at particularly increased risk for overweight and obesity. Further, the excessive deposition of subcutaneous fat at central body sites, as we have documented for adolescent pregnancy, will often in later life presage the development of cardiovascular disease, noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and hypertension. Thus, far from being benign, pregnancy during adolescence, particularly when the adolescent is herself still growing, may contribute to long-term risk for obesity-related diseases and diminish the quality of life.
Independent effects of prematurity on metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors in short small-for-gestational-age children.; CONTEXT: Both small-for-gestational-age (SGA) and preterm birth have been associated with an increased incidence of adult cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. However, it is unclear whether preterm birth has an additional effect on cardiovascular risk factors in short children born SGA. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate whether prematurity has an independent influence on several cardiovascular risk factors within a population of short SGA children. DESIGN: A cross-sectional observational study was performed. PATIENTS: A total of 479 short SGA children (mean age 6.8 yr), divided into preterm (<36 wk) and term (> or =36 wk) children, was included in the study. OUTCOME MEASURE: Insulin sensitivity, beta-cell function, body composition, and lipid levels were studied in subgroups, and blood pressure (BP), anthropometry at birth and during childhood in the total group. RESULTS: Preterm SGA children were significantly lighter and shorter at birth after correction for gestational age than term SGA children (P < 0.001) but had a comparable head circumference. In preterm SGA children, we found a significantly higher systolic (P = 0.003) and diastolic BP sd score (P = 0.026), lower percent body fat sd score (P = 0.011), and higher insulin secretion (P = 0.033) and disposition index (P = 0.021), independently of the degree of SGA. Insulin sensitivity, serum lipid levels, muscle mass, and body fat distribution were comparable for preterm and term SGA children. CONCLUSIONS: Within a population of short SGA children, preterm birth has divergent effects on several cardiovascular risk factors. Whereas preterm SGA children had a higher systolic and diastolic BP, they also had a lower percent body fat and a higher insulin secretion and disposition index than term SGA children.
Type 2 diabetes in Indigenous populations: quality of intervention research over 20 years.; BACKGROUND: A robust evidence base is needed to reduce the disproportionately high rates of diabetes-related mortality and complications among Indigenous peoples. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the quantity and methodological quality of published intervention research on Type 2 and gestational diabetes in the Indigenous populations of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United States from 1989 to 2008. A robust evidence base is needed to reduce the disproportionately high rates of diabetes-related mortality and complications among Indigenous peoples. METHODS: Systematic searches of Medline, Embase, and EBM Reviews identified publications focused on Type 2 or gestational diabetes in Indigenous peoples published between 1 January 1989 and 31 December 2008. Total publication number and proportion of research involving interventions over time were examined. The quality of intervention studies was evaluated using Cochrane's Effective Practice and Organisation of Care (EPOC) criteria. RESULTS: Total publication number increased significantly over the 20 years (p<0.004). Research was predominantly descriptive (87%), with the proportion of research involving interventions increasing from 3% in 1989-1993 to 12% in 2003-2008 (χ(2)=12.42, df=3, p=0.006). However, only 25% (95%CI: 9-41%) of intervention studies met the EPOC methodological quality criteria; other studies lacked sufficient controls or measurements over time. CONCLUSIONS: Increases in the amount of high-quality intervention research for prevention and treatment of Type 2 and gestational diabetes among Indigenous populations of these countries are needed.
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Acute Coronary Syndrome in Women With Previous Pregnancy Complications.; BACKGROUND: Women with previous cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy experience double the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few data exist on the clinical effect of these complications at the time of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The objective of this work was to compare risk factors, clinical features, and outcomes among women with premature ACS with or without previous pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy). METHODS: Data were obtained from a multicentre cohort of individuals hospitalized with premature ACS. A total of 251 parous women were included and provided obstetric history and blood samples. They were followed for the development of major adverse cardiac events at 12 months. RESULTS: At presentation with ACS, women with a previous pregnancy complication (38%) were slightly younger than were women without such complications (47.4 ± 6.2 vs 49.1 ± 5.6 years; P = 0.002). They also had more traditional atherosclerotic risk factors. Specifically, women with previous preeclampsia were more likely to have chronic hypertension and an elevated ratio of soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase:placental growth factor. There was no between-group difference in Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) score or troponin tertile but there was a trend toward higher risk of ST-elevation myocardial infarction in women who had a previous pregnancy complication (odds ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-3.23; P = 0.05). There was also an increased risk of recurrent ACS at 12 months in women with previous preeclampsia (hazard ratio, 6.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.37-33.63; P = 0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Among a cohort of women with ACS, previous pregnancy complications were associated with more severe disease and poorer outcome.
The role of reactive oxygen species in diabetes-induced anomalies in embryos of Cohen diabetic rats.; The role of the antioxidant defense mechanism in diabetes-induced anomalies was studied in the Cohen diabetes-sensitive (CDs) and -resistant (CDr) rats, a genetic model of nutritionally induced type 2 diabetes mellitus. Embryos, 12.5-day-old, of CDs and CDr rats fed regular diet (RD) or a diabetogenic high-sucrose diet (HSD) were monitored for growth retardation and congenital anomalies. Activity of superoxide dismutase (SOD) and catalase-like enzymes and levels of ascorbic acid (AA), uric acid (UA), and dehydroascorbic acid (DHAA) were measured in embryonic homogenates. When fed RD, CDs rats had a decreased rate of pregnancy, and an increased embryonic resorption. CDs embryos were smaller than CDr embryos; 46% were maldeveloped and 7% exhibited neural tube defects (NTDs). When fed HSD, rate of pregnancy was reduced, resorption rate was greatly increased (56%; P < .001), 47.6% of the embryos were retrieved without heart beats, and 27% exhibited NTD. In contrast, all the CDr embryos were normal when fed RD or HSD. Activity of SOD and catalase was not different in embryos of CDs and CDr rats fed RD. When fed HSD, levels of AA were significantly reduced, the ratio DHAA/AA was significantly increased, and SOD activity was not sufficiently increased when compared to embryos of CDr. The reduced fertility of the CDs rats, the growth retardation, and NTD seem to be genetically determined. Maternal hyperglycemia seems to result in environmentally induced embryonic oxidative stress, resulting in further embryonic damage.
Exacerbations of asthma during pregnancy: Impact on pregnancy complications and outcome.; Asthma is common among pregnant women, and the incidence of asthma exacerbations during pregnancy is high. This literature review provides an overview of the impact of exacerbations of asthma during pregnancy on pregnancy-related complications. The majority of published retrospective studies reveal that asthma exacerbations during pregnancy increase the risk of pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption and placenta praevia. Furthermore, these women also have higher risk for breech presentation, haemorrhage, pulmonary embolism, caesarean delivery, maternal admission to the intensive care unit and longer postpartum hospital stay. Asthma has been associated with increased risk of intrauterine growth retardation, small-for-gestational age, low birth weight, infant hypoglycaemia and preterm birth, but more recent prospective studies have not revealed significant associations with regard to these outcomes. In conclusion, asthma exacerbations during pregnancy are associated with complications of pregnancy, labour and delivery. Prevention of exacerbations is essential to reduce the risk of complications and poor outcome.
Effect of Resveratrol on Pregnancy, Prenatal Complications and Pregnancy-Associated Structure Alterations.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes are considered significant health risks for pregnant women and their offspring during pregnancy and throughout their lifespan. These outcomes lead to a perturbated in-utero environment that impacts critical phases of the fetus's life and correlates to an increased risk of chronic pathological conditions, such as diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases, in both the mother's and adult offspring's life. The dietary intake of naturally occurring antioxidants promotes health benefits and disease prevention. In this regard, maternal dietary intake of polyphenolic antioxidants is linked to a reduced risk of maternal obesity and cardio-metabolic disorders, positively affecting both the fetus and offspring. In this work, we will gather and critically appraise the current literature highlighting the effect/s of the naturally occurring polyphenol antioxidant resveratrol on oxidative stress, inflammation, and other molecular and physiological phenomena associated with pregnancy and pregnancy conditions, such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm labor. The resveratrol impact on prenatal complications and pregnancy-associated structures, such as the fetus and placenta, will also be discussed. Finally, we will draw conclusions from the current knowledge and provide future perspectives on potentially exploiting resveratrol as a therapeutic tool in pregnancy-associated conditions.
Pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes among women with diabetic retinopathy.; OBJECTIVES: Diabetic retinopathy is a common microvascular complication of diabetes. Despite that, there are few studies in the literature to address pregnancy, delivery, or neonatal outcomes among women with diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database over 11 years from 2004 to 2014. A delivery cohort was created using ICD-9 codes. ICD-9 code 250 or 249 was used to extract the cases of maternal diabetic retinopathy. A multivariant logistic regression model was used to adjust for statistically significant variables (p-value ≤ .05). RESULTS: There were a total of 9,096,788 deliveries during the study period. Of those, 86 615 pregnant women were found to have Diabetes Mellites (DM). Diabetic retinopathy was present in 1233 of the patients with DM. Diabetic retinopathy increased the likelihood of developing pregnancy-induced HTN (p < .0001), Preeclampsia (p < .0001), and Preeclampsia and eclampsia superimposed on preexisting HTN (p < .0001). In addition, in women with DM, the presence of diabetic retinopathy increased the risk of Preterm delivery (p = .002), cesarean section (p < .0001), requiring transfusion (p < .0001), and undergoing hysterectomy (p = .001), and were less likely to have a spontaneous vaginal delivery (p < .0001). However, the presence of diabetic retinopathy in women with DM did not increase the risk of the fetus being small at delivery, having intrauterine fetal demise, or congenital anomalies. CONCLUSION: Women with diabetic retinopathy should be counseled about their increased risk of pregnancy-induced HTN, preeclampsia, premature delivery, cesarean section, transfusion, and hysterectomy.
[Epidemiology].; In France, the incidence of PE is estimated to range between 1 and 3% in the nuliparous and between 0.5 and 1.5% in the multiparous women. Factors associated with the development of PE are of various types. Studies conducted on families affected by PE suggest the existence of a genetic component to the disease, even though the association between PE and certain genes, allotypes and polymorphisms are still under scrutiny. The hypotheses suggesting an immunological mechanism is supported by several arguments. Indeed, being nuliparous, changing partner, insemination with donor semen are factors associated with the development of PE whereas pre-exposition to the father's sperm bears protection. Some factors qualified as physiological are also associated with the occurrence of PE although no clear pathophysiological explanation can be put forward. These are being a mother of African descent, an increase in the mothers' age or herself being born prematurely. Some gestational incidents are also associated with the occurrence of PE: multiparity, a congenital defect affecting the foetus, UTI. Similarly, some pre-existing conditions of the mother are associated with PE, i.e. chronic hypertension, kidney disease, obesity and diabetes mellitus. Several well designed epidemiological studies confirm that tobacco consumption is itself associated with a 20 to 50% reduction in the development of PE, although being itself associated with an increase in other vascular gestational complications such as retroplacental haemorrhage and IUGR. Living conditions and stress, especially at work are also associated with the occurrence of PE. All these identified risk factors by far do not account for all the reported cases of PE and do not bear sufficient positive or negative predictive value.
The association between interleukin family and diabetes mellitus and its complications: An overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate and summarize the association between interleukin (IL) concentrations and diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. METHODS: Meta-analyses and eligible individual studies of observational studies investigating the associations between IL and DM and its complications were included. The random-effects model was used to estimate the summary effect, and the heterogeneity among studies was assessed using the Q-statistic and the I(2) metric; The Egger's regression and the χ(2) test were used to test for small study effects and excess significance bias. RESULTS: This overview identified 34 meta-analyses that investigated the association between IL concentrations and DM and its complications. Meta-analyses of prospective studies indicated that elevated circulating IL-6 and IL-1β had predictive value for the incident of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) as well as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the overall Hazard Ratio (HR) of T2DM was 1.28 (95 % CI: 1.17, 1.40; P＜0.001) per 1 log pg/ml increment in IL-6 levels, however, there was no correlation between circulating IL-10 levels and DM. Meanwhile, the increased level of IL-6 was significantly associated several diabetic complications (Diabetic kidney disease[DKD], diabetic peripheral neuropathy[DPN], and cognitive impairment[CI]), and for the diabetic retinopathy (DR), the levels of IL-1β, IL-8 and IL-10 in the aqueous humor and vitreous humor, but not the blood were significantly correlated with it. CONCLUSION: Multiple ILs, such as the IL-6 and IL-1β, are definitively linked to DM and its complications, and they may be new targets for the diagnosis and treatment, but stronger evidence needs to be confirmed by prospective studies with larger sample sizes and longer observation periods.
Influence of Strict Lockdown on Vitamin D Deficiency in Pregnant Women: A Word of Caution.; The main source of vitamin D results from skin sunlight exposure. Vitamin D deficiency (VDD) is linked to several adverse events during pregnancy. While performing a cross-sectional study with 886 pregnant women in Elda (Spain) from September 2019 to July 2020 to determine the association of VDD with gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to body mass index, a strict lockdown (SL) due to the COVID-19 pandemic was declared from 15 March 2020 to 15 May 2020. To determine if VDD prevalence in the local population of pregnant women was influenced by SL, a retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted to estimate the prevalence odds ratio (POR) for the association of VDD and SL. A crude logistic regression model was calculated, and then further adjusted by the biweekly measured vitamin D-specific UVB dose in our geographical area. The POR during SL was 4.0 (95%CI = 2.7-5.7), with a VDD prevalence of 77.8% in the quarantine period. Our results revealed that VDD prevalence in pregnant women was influenced by SL. This valuable information could guide us in future if public officials order the population to stay indoors for any given reason.
Impact of maternal undernutrition on diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk in adult offspring.; Epidemiological, clinical, and experimental observations have led to the hypothesis that the risk of developing chronic diseases in adulthood is influenced not only by genetic and adult lifestyle factors, but also by environmental factors during early life. Low birth weight, a marker of intrauterine stress, has been linked to predisposition to cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. The compelling animal evidence and significant human data to support this conclusion are reviewed. Specifically, the review discusses the role of maternal nutrition before and during pregnancy, placental insufficiencies and epigenetic changes in the increased predisposition to diabetes and CVD in adult life. The impact of low birth weight and catch-up growth as they pertain to risk of disease in adult life is also discussed. In addition, adult disease risk in the overnourished fetus is also mentioned. Reference is made to some of the mechanisms of the induction of diabetes and CVD phenotype. It is proposed that fetal nutrition, growth and development through efficient maternal nutrition before and during pregnancy could constitute the basis for nutritional strategies for the primary prevention of diabetes and CVD.
Holoprosencephaly and chromosomal anomalies.; Holoprosencephaly is a rare cerebral malformation resulting from failure or incomplete cleavage of the forebrain. The sonographic diagnosis consists of monoventricle, fused thalami and absent cavum septum pellucidi. Chromosomal anomalies, diabetes mellitus, alcohol, autosomal recessive inheritance and toxins have been implicated. We describe seven cases of holoprosencephaly diagnosed in the antenatal and postnatal periods. The chromosomal anomalies included trisomy 13, triploidy, trisomy 13 with an unbalanced 13; 14 translocation and isochromosome of the long arm of 18. The clinicopathological findings and chromosomal anomalies are correlated.
The role of fibrinolytic factors in ischaemia.; The fibrinolytic system is an enzymatic cascade system whose activation leads to formation of a trypsin-like serine protease, plasmin, which splits insoluble fibrin into soluble degradation products. It is believed that the main function of fibrinolysis is defence against thrombotic occlusion of vessels and dissolution of thrombi once they are formed (thrombolysis). The authors review the recent literature providing evidence that fibrinolysis plays a role in the pathogenesis of vascular occlusions. From earlier studies based on global assay methods it is known that fibrinolysis is depressed in patients with vascular occlusions. Selective assay methods show that almost invariably the fibrinolytic activity of these patients is depressed either following increased levels of fibrinolytic inhibitors (mainly plasminogen activator inhibitor 1 or PAI-1) and/or decreased levels of a plasminogen activator (tissue plasminogen activator or t-PA). In a few cases the molecule of plasminogen shows a conformational abnormality making it less susceptible to conversion to plasmin. In the last decade numerous studies have been published showing a connection between a depressed fibrinolysis and venous thrombosis. In patients with coronary artery occlusion fibrinolysis is depressed mainly because of increased levels of PAI-1. Hypertriglyceridaemia seems to aggravate the defective fibrinolysis. There is also evidence of a decreased fibrinolysis in patients with peripheral ischaemic diseases. A depressed fibrinolysis has also been documented in states predisposing to vascular occlusions. Thus two levels of t-PA/increased levels of PAI-1 have been found in obesity, diabetes mellitus, postoperative states, SLE, malignancies, and miscellaneous diseases often complicated with thrombosis such as Behçet's syndrome. In pregnancy fibrinolysis is depressed because of the presence in blood of PIA-2, an inhibitor of plasminogen activators secreted by the placenta.
[Intrauterine growth retardation and adult outcome].; The epidemiologist David Barker was among the first to develop the concept that some adult diseases might have their origins during fetal life, based notably on a strong association between low birth weight and the risk of chronic diseases in adulthood (coronary artery disease, hypertension and stroke, type 2 diabetes, and osteoporosis). Several other groups replicated these results in other populations, thus confirming that birth weight is a determining factor of adult health. Intra-uterine growth retardation (IUGR) has been widely used as a marker of poor fetal nutrition and health, but some antenatal nutritional disturbances can increase the risk of diseases later in life without affecting fetal growth. The risk of diseases in adulthood appears to be further increased when IUGR is associated with rapid postnatal catch-up growth. This suggests that fetal malnutrition induces adaptations necessary for fetal survival and health, but that it also undermines future health if the postnatal environment is unfavorable. The fetal origins of adult diseases has major public health implications and calls for reinforced pre- and post-natal prevention strategies.
Examining the relationship between autism spectrum disorder in children whose mother had labour epidural analgesia for their birth: A retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Controversy exists regarding the association between autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in children whose mother had labour epidural analgesia for their birth, as the few existing investigations have reported mixed findings. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to evaluate the possibility of an association in our heterogeneous population. DESIGN: A retrospective population-based cohort study. SETTING: Vaginal deliveries that took place between the years 2005 and 2017 at Soroka University Medical Center, a tertiary referral hospital in Israel, and a follow-up on the incidence of ASD in the children. PATIENTS: A hundred and thirty-nine thousand, nine hundred and eighty-one labouring patients and their offspring. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The incidence of children diagnosed with ASD (both hospital and community-based diagnoses) was compared based on whether their mothers had received labour epidural analgesia during their labour. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve compared cumulative incidence of ASD. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for relevant confounders. RESULTS: Labour epidural analgesia was administered to 33 315 women. Epidural analgesia was more common among high-risk pregnancy groups (including pregnancies complicated with diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, intrauterine growth restriction, and oligohydramnios; P  < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazards model, the association between epidural analgesia during labour and ASD in the children lost statistical significance following adjustment for confounders such as maternal age, gestational age, hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, and ethnicity [adjusted hazard ratio = 1.13, 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.96 to 1.34, P  = 0.152]. CONCLUSION: In our population, after adjusting for confounders, epidural analgesia is not independently associated with autism spectrum disorder in the children. These findings enhance our knowledge regarding the safety of epidural analgesia and enable patients to make informed decisions about their pain relief techniques during labour.
Genetic polymorphism in the pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A associated with acute myocardial infarction.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) is a high-molecular-weight, zinc-binding matrix metalloproteinase that is known to be abundantly expressed in ruptured plaques. Previous studies have shown PAPP-A to be a significant marker of plaque instability and cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Because the activity of PAPP-A may be modulated by genetic variants in the PAPP-A genes, we tried to determine the association of PAPP-A gene with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). METHODS: We analyzed four single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of PAPP-A gene variants and seven other polymorphisms of cytokine genes that have been reported to have functional significance (RANTES G-403A, MCP1 G-2518A, CRP A2147G, CRP G-717A, AGER G557A, LTA T26A, IL-6 G-572C) for possible association with AMI in 170 unrelated AMI patients and unrelated age-matched controls, respectively. RESULTS: The average age of the study population was 62.2+/-11.4 years in AMI patients and 62.6+/-10.4 years in healthy controls. Multiple logistic regression analysis with risk factors such as age, male sex, smoking, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidemia revealed the PAPP-A IVS6+95 C allele to be associated with an increased risk of AMI (dominancy: odds ratio, 2.13; 95% confidence interval, 1.12-4.07; P=0.022; codominancy: odds ratio, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.14-3.16; P=0.015). CONCLUSIONS: We found, for the first time, that PAPP-A IVS6+95 C allele is an independent risk factor for AMI even after adjustment for traditional risk factors. The determination of such genotype contributing to AMI could provide a new tool for identifying high-risk individuals.
Inactivated influenza vaccine during pregnancy and risks for adverse obstetric events.; OBJECTIVE: To compare risks for adverse obstetric events between females who did and did not receive trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine during pregnancy. METHOD: This retrospective, observational cohort study was conducted at seven Vaccine Safety Datalink sites. Pregnancies were identified from administrative and claims data using a validated algorithm. Females vaccinated while pregnant from 2002 to 2009 were matched one-to-two with replacement to unvaccinated pregnant females. Using a generalized estimating equation method with a Poisson distribution and log link, we evaluated the association of trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine with 13 outcomes. Given our large sample size and multiple comparisons (19 contrasts), a cutoff for significance of P<.005 was selected a priori. RESULTS: Our cohort included 74,292 vaccinated females matched on age, site, and pregnancy start date with 144,597 unvaccinated females. We did not observe increased risks within 42 days of vaccination for hyperemesis, chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, proteinuria, or urinary tract infection. Using a risk window from vaccination through pregnancy end, we did not observe increased risks after vaccination for proteinuria, urinary tract infection, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia, chorioamnionitis, puerperal infection, venous complications, pulmonary embolism, or peripartum cardiomyopathy. A reduced risk for gestational diabetes after vaccination was detected (adjusted hazard rate ratio 0.88, 95% confidence interval 0.83-0.93), likely as a result of healthy vaccine bias or earlier detection among vaccinees. CONCLUSION: In this large cohort, influenza vaccination during pregnancy was not associated with increased risks for medically attended adverse obstetric events. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
The Influence of Maternal Vitamin D Supplementation in Pregnancies Associated with Preeclampsia: A Case-Control Study.; Preeclampsia is a pregnancy-specific illness that is hypothesized to occur due to vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy. Therefore, vitamin D supplementation in early pregnancy should be explored for preventing preeclampsia and promoting neonatal well-being. The present study follows a case-control analysis that aims to determine the effect of vitamin D supplements on reducing the probability of recurrent preeclampsia. We identified 59 patients for the control group without vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy, while 139 patients were included in the cases group of pregnant women with a history of preeclampsia who confirmed taking daily vitamin D supplements in either 2000 UI or 4000 UI until the 36th week of pregnancy. There were 61 (80.3%) patients with a normal serum vitamin D level measured at 32 weeks in the pregnant women who took a daily dose of 4000 UI vitamin D and 43 (68.3%) in those who took a 2000 UI dose of vitamin D, compared to just 32 (54.2%) in those who did not take vitamin D at all. Regarding the blood pressure of pregnant women measured at 32 weeks, it was observed that 20.3% were hypertensive in the no supplementation group, compared to only 11.1% and 6.6% in those who were taking vitamin D during pregnancy (p-value = 0.049). Serum vitamin D levels at 32 weeks were measured at an average value of 23.9 ng/mL, compared with 28.4 ng/mL in the group taking a 2000 UI daily dose and 33.6 in those who supplemented with 4000 UI daily (p-value < 0.001). Proteinuria was identified more often in the group at risk for preeclampsia who did not take vitamin D supplements, while systolic blood pressure (p-value = 0.036) as well as diastolic blood pressure (p-value = 0.012), were all identified to have significantly higher values in the pregnant women with a history of preeclampsia that did not take vitamin D during the current pregnancy. The significant risk factors for preeclampsia development in pregnant patients at risk are: insufficient vitamin D serum levels (<20 ng/mL), OR = 2.52; no vitamin D supplementation, OR = 1.46; more than two pregnancies, OR = 1.89; gestational diabetes mellitus, OR = 1.66; and cardiovascular comorbidities, OR = 2.18. These findings imply that vitamin D has a role in the preservation of placental function and, therefore, in the prevention of the development of late preeclampsia. Pregnant mothers who supplemented their diets with vitamin D were protected against preeclampsia recurrence. Vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy may aid in the prevention of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
Congenital anomalies among infants of diabetic mothers: a study of 466 cases at King Fahd Hospital of the University, Al-Khobar.; The purpose of the study was to determine the incidence of congenital anomalies among infants of diabetic mothers and compare this with the normal obstetric population in our hospital. Among 17 463 patients delivered at the King Fahd Hospital of the University, Al-Khobar, Saudi Arabia between January 1987 and December 1992 there were 466 diabetic mothers who delivered 466 singleton births. The incidence of diabetes was 2.6%. Among those 466 diabetic patients there were 132 with clinical diabetes which was present before pregnancy and which required insulin treatment during pregnancy and 334 with gestational diabetes. There were 14 lethal congenital anomalies among the infants of diabetic mothers (3%) compared with 69 anomalies in general obstetric population (0.4%). The difference = was very highly significant P = 0.001. Ten anomalies were responsible for 10 stillbirths and the other four anomalies resulted in four neonatal deaths. The most common anomalies were those of the central nervous system and multiple fetal anomalies, followed by cardiovascular system, renal and chromosomal anomalies. All those anomalies occurred in the infants whose mothers had clinical diabetes.
Applicability of Standardized Early Fetal Heart Examination in the Obese Population.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the impact of obesity on early evaluation of fetal cardiac landmarks using a standardized examination method at the time of nuchal translucency scan. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of an ongoing prospective cohort at high risk for congenital heart defects. We used a standardized examination protocol using 2-dimensional sonography with power Doppler in the evaluation of fetal cardiac landmarks consisting of 4-chamber view, outflow tract relationship, and transverse arches view. The study population was stratified based on maternal body mass index into nonobese (<30 kg/m(2) ) and obese (≥30 kg/m(2) ). Groups were compared in terms of satisfactory evaluation of fetal cardiac landmarks, transvaginal sonography use, and scan times required for the evaluations. Subanalysis was performed by further categorizing obesity into nonmorbid obesity (30.0-39.9 kg/m(2) ) and morbid obesity (≥40 kg/m(2) ). RESULTS: A total of 190 patients were evaluated. Of these, 48.4% (n = 92) were obese. The most common indication for fetal cardiac assessment was maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (42.6%). Transvaginal sonography was utilized in one nonobese woman (1.4%) and 11 obese women (12%) (P = .002). The satisfactory evaluation of 4-chamber view, outflow tract relationship, transverse arches view, and all views were not significantly different between groups (P > .05). The scan time was about 5 minutes longer in the obese group compared with nonobese group (P = .020). CONCLUSIONS: Obesity does not hamper early evaluation of fetal cardiac landmarks around the time of nuchal translucency scan. However, obese patients are more likely to require transvaginal examinations.
[Current trends in the treatment of arterial hypertension].; Today's approach to the treatment of patients with arterial hypertension is no longer based solely on reducing high pressure values but forms part of a broader context designed to reduce the overall cardiovascular risk. The very decision of whether to begin anti-hypertensive treatment or not depends both on the degree of hypertension and on the presence or otherwis of other risk factors, organ damage or associated pathological conditions. The present paper summarises recent indications provided by the guidelines issued in 2003 by the European Society of Hypertension and the European Society of Cardiology. The criteria for planning anti-hypertensive treatment in patients with a different level of cardiovascular risk are the subject of particularly concentrated discussion and the approach to the hypertens patient in special clinical conditions such as ageing, diabetes mellitus, the presence of renal, cerebrovascular or coronary pathology and pregnancy will be treated separately.
Effect of growth hormone therapy on serum adiponectin and resistin levels in short, small-for-gestational-age children and associations with cardiovascular risk parameters.; BACKGROUND: Adiponectin and resistin are fat cell-derived hormones, which are thought to be respectively protective and disadvantageous with regard to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus type 2. Low birth weight has been associated with increased risks for the development of these diseases. In short, small-for-gestational-age (SGA) children, GH therapy has several positive effects regarding cardiovascular risk factors. On the other hand, concern has been expressed about the effects of GH therapy on insulin sensitivity. METHODS: We measured adiponectin and resistin levels in 136 short prepubertal children born SGA and their association with cardiovascular risk parameters and growth factors. Also, we compared the levels with normal-statured controls. The effect of GH treatment was evaluated in 50 short SGA children vs. baseline and vs. an untreated sex- and age-matched SGA control group. RESULTS: Short SGA children had similar adiponectin and lower resistin levels, compared with normal-statured controls. In GH-treated SGA children, neither adiponectin nor resistin levels changed significantly during 2 yr of GH treatment. Compared with untreated sex- and age-matched SGA controls, GH-treated SGA children had similar adiponectin and lower resistin levels. Adiponectin correlated inversely with age but not any cardiovascular risk parameter or growth factor. Higher IGF-I levels in GH-treated children were associated with lower resistin levels. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with normal-statured controls, short prepubertal SGA children had similar adiponectin and lower resistin levels. Two years of GH treatment had no effect on their adiponectin and resistin levels.
TGF-beta1 inhibits expression and activity of hENT1 in a nitric oxide-dependent manner in human umbilical vein endothelium.; AIMS: We studied whether transforming growth factor beta1 (TGF-beta1) modulates human equilibrative nucleoside transporters 1 (hENT1) expression and activity in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). hENT1-mediated adenosine transport and expression are reduced in gestational diabetes and hyperglycaemia, conditions associated with increased synthesis and release of nitric oxide (NO) and TGF-beta1 in this cell type. TGF-beta1 increases NO synthesis via activation of TGF-beta receptor type II (TbetaRII), and NO inhibits hENT1 expression and activity in HUVECs. METHODS AND RESULTS: HUVECs (passage 2) were used for experiments. Total and hENT1-mediated adenosine transport was measured in the absence or presence of TGF-beta1, NG-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME, NO synthase inhibitor), S-nitroso-N-acetyl-L,D-penicillamine (SNAP, NO donor), and/or KT-5823 (protein kinase G inhibitor) in control cells and cells expressing a truncated form of TGF-beta1 receptor type II (TTbetaRII). Western blot and real-time PCR were used to determine hENT1 protein abundance and mRNA expression. SLC29A1 gene promoter and specific protein 1 (Sp1) transcription factor activity was assayed. Vascular reactivity was assayed in endothelium-intact or -denuded umbilical vein rings. TGF-beta1 reduced hENT1-mediated adenosine transport, hENT1 protein abundance, hENT1 mRNA expression, and SLC29A1 gene promoter activity, but increased Sp1 binding to DNA. TGF-beta1 effect was blocked by L-NAME and KT-5823 and mimicked by SNAP in control cells. However, TGF-beta1 was ineffective in cells expressing TTbetaRII or a mutated Sp1 consensus sequence. Vasodilatation in response to TGF-beta1 and S-(4-nitrobenzyl)-6-thio-inosine (an ENT inhibitor) was endothelium-dependent and blocked by KT-5823 and ZM-241385. CONCLUSION: hENT1 is down-regulated by activation of TbetaRII by TGF-beta1 in HUVECs, a phenomenon where NO and Sp1 play key roles. These findings comprise physiological mechanisms that could be important in diseases where TGF-beta1 plasma level is increased as in gestational diabetic mothers or patients with diabetes mellitus.
Fetal origins of adult disease: strength of effects and biological basis.; BACKGROUND: Low birthweight has been consistently shown to be associated with coronary heart disease (CHD) and its biological risk factors. The effects of low birthweight are increased by slow infant growth and rapid weight gain in childhood. To quantify the importance of developmental processes in the genesis of CHD it is necessary to establish the impact of fetal, infant and childhood growth on major pathological events in later life-death, hospital treatment and the need for medication. METHODS: Longitudinal study of 13 517 men and women who were born in Helsinki University Hospital during 1924-1944, whose body sizes at birth and during childhood were recorded, and in whom deaths, hospital admissions, and prescription of medication for chronic disease are documented. RESULTS: The combination of small size at birth and during infancy, followed by accelerated weight gain from age 3 to 11 years, predicts large differences in the cumulative incidence of CHD, type 2 diabetes and hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: Coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes may originate through two widespread biological phenomena-developmental plasticity and compensatory growth.
Paternal metabolic and cardiovascular programming of their offspring: A systematic scoping review.; BACKGROUND: There is lots of evidence that maternal peri-gestational metabolic, genomic and environmental conditions are closely linked to metabolic and cardiovascular outcomes in their offspring later in life. Moreover, there is also lotsof evidence that underlining mechanisms, such as molecular as well as epigenetic changes may alter the intrauterine environment leading to cardio-metabolic diseases in their offspring postnatal. But, there is also increasing evidence that cardio-metabolic diseases may be closely linked to their paternal metabolic risk factors, such as obesity, Type 2 Diabetes and other risk factors. OBJECTIVE: To analyse the evidence as well as specific risk factors of paternal trans-generational programming of cardio-metabolic diseases in their offspring. METHODS: Within a systematic scoping review, we performed a literature search in MEDLINE (PubMed) and EMBASE databases in August 2020 considering original research articles (2000-2020) that examined the impact of paternal programming on metabolic and cardiovascular offspring health. Epidemiological, clinical and experimental studies as well as human and animal model studies were included. RESULTS: From n = 3.199 citations, n = 66 eligible studies were included. We selected n = 45 epidemiological as well as clinical studies and n = 21 experimental studies. In brief, pre-conceptional paternal risk factors, such as obesity, own birth weight, high-fat and low-protein diet, undernutrition, diabetes mellitus, hyperglycaemia, advanced age, smoking as well as environmental chemical exposure affect clearly metabolic and cardiovascular health of their offspring later in life. CONCLUSIONS: There is emerging evidence that paternal risk factors, such as paternal obesity, diabetes mellitus, nutritional habits, advanced age and exposure to environmental chemicals or cigarette smoke, are clearly associated with adverse effects in metabolic and cardiovascular health in their offspring. Compared to maternal programming, pre-conceptional paternal factors might also have also a substantial effect in the sense of trans-generational programming of their offspring and need further research.
Endocrine-related causes and consequences of intrauterine growth retardation.; The term intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) is assigned to newborns born with a birth weight and/or birth length below the tenth percentile for their gestational age. Intrauterine growth retardation is usually due to maternal, fetal factors, or placental insufficiency, while endocrine factors represent just a small minority in its etiology. Main endocrine-related causes of IUGR are disorders in insulin or insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) secretion or action. Newborns with IUGR are at increased risk to develop a metabolic syndrome later in life, namely obesity, arterial hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, cardiovascular disease, impaired glucose tolerance, or diabetes mellitus type 2. This association is the result of the adaptational changes of the fetal endocrine-metabolic mechanisms to the impaired intrauterine milieu to assure survival in the short term. The persistence of these changes after birth can be detrimental in adult life. Furthermore, premature adrenarche, as well as ovarian hyperandrogenism, seem to be associated with IUGR in girls, demonstrating that IUGR may have long-lasting effects on both somatic health and reproductive function. Finally, the intrauterine exposure of the fetus to stressors may affect the individual's ability to face stress in postnatal life. Therefore, if optimization of somatic and psychosocial well-being of the individual is the golden goal of medicine, special attention should be paid to maintain an optimal intrauterine milieu devoid of any stressors with adequate nutrient supply and to reserve ideal psychosocial support to the pregnant woman.
Thick endometrium is associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in programmed frozen-thawed embryo transfers: a retrospective analysis of 2,275 singleton deliveries.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether endometrial thickness (EMT) acts as a contributing factor to adverse perinatal outcomes in programmed frozen-thawed embryo transfer (FET) cycles. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: University-based reproductive medical center. SUBJECT: The study included singleton live births resulting from programmed FET cycles that took place between January 2017 and April 2022 (N = 2,275 cycles). EXPOSURE: The EMT measurement conducted on the day of progesterone initiation was utilized. Programmed FET cycles with EMT <7 mm were excluded from consideration. All included subjects were divided into 4 groups on the basis of the 10th, 50th, and 90th percentiles of EMT: group Ⅰ (EMT ≤8 mm, n = 193), group Ⅱ (EMT = 8.1-10 mm, n = 1,261), group Ⅲ (EMT = 10.1-12 mm, n = 615), and group Ⅳ (EMT >12 mm, n = 206). After adjusting for patient demographics and FET parameters, logistic regression analysis and restricted cubic spline were used to investigate the relationship between EMT and perinatal outcomes. The group Ⅱ (EMT = 8.1-10 mm) served as a reference. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): The primary outcome measure was the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Secondary outcomes included gestational diabetes mellitus, cesarean delivery, placenta previa, premature rupture of membrane, birthweight, preterm birth, low birthweight, macrosomia, small for gestational age, large for gestational age and neonatal morbidity. RESULTS(S): The incidence of HDP was substantially elevated in group Ⅳ when compared with the other groups (5.7% vs. 4.1% vs. 5.7% vs. 9.7% for groups Ⅰ-Ⅳ, respectively). In addition, group I displayed a higher incidence of cesarean deliveries, whereas both group I and group IV exhibited an elevated prevalence of placenta previa. After adjusting for confounding factors, patients in group IV exhibited a significantly increased risk of HDP (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 2.03, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.13-3.67) as compared with patients in the reference group. The restricted cubic spline model revealed a nonlinear association between EMT and the odds of HDP on continuous scales. In comparison to women with an EMT of 9.5 mm, there was no significant change in the risk of HDP in women with EMT between 7 and 11 mm, as indicated by adjusted ORs of 1.37 (95% CI 0.41-4.52), 1.34 (95% CI 0.73-2.47), 1.13 (95% CI 0.79-1.62), 1.04 (95% CI 0.87-1.25), and 1.46 (95% CI 0.81-2.65), respectively. However, the risk of HDP was significantly higher in women with EMT ranging from 12 to 15 mm, with adjusted ORs of 1.86 (95% CI 1.03-3.35), 2.33 (95% CI 1.32-4.12), 2.92 (95% CI 1.52-5.60), and 3.62 (95% CI 1.63-8.04), respectively. CONCLUSION(S): This study demonstrated a noteworthy association between EMT and adverse perinatal outcomes during the programmed FET cycles. Specifically, a thick endometrium (EMT >12 mm) was independently associated with an increased risk of developing HDP, whereas the optimal EMT for reducing the risk of HDP was at around 9-10 mm.
In-patient management of diabetes mellitus and patient satisfaction.; AIMS: To devise a system for assessing in-patient glycaemic control and care satisfaction in diabetic patients admitted to hospital for reasons other than their diabetes. METHODS: Consecutive January to March 2001 case-notes were reviewed. Admissions with acute metabolic complications, acute myocardial infarction and pregestational or gestational diabetes were excluded. Glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring and management of hyperglycaemia were recorded. The diabetes treatment satisfaction questionnaire was used to assess preadmission satisfaction with care. Post-admission a 12-stem questionnaire was used to assess satisfaction with in-patient diabetes management. RESULTS: Hypoglycaemia was common. Although none developed a hyperglycaemic emergency, high blood glucose was prevalent and, frequently, persistent hyperglycaemia or recurrent hypoglycaemia was not acted on appropriately. The overall score for in-patient satisfaction with treatment was fair (4.1 +/- 1.8 on a six-point scale; 6 = very satisfied and 1 = very dissatisfied). Scores were higher among patients on surgical wards than on medical wards (P = 0.008), but satisfaction did not vary when patients were stratified according to sex, age and mode of treatment. CONCLUSION: Current systems are not achieving satisfactory in-patient glycaemic control and there is poor satisfaction with medical in-patient diabetes care. Following changes intended to produce improvements, this assessment system can be used recurrently to monitor in-patient care and satisfaction.
Impact of a History of Hypertension in Pregnancy on Later Diagnosis of Atrial Fibrillation.; BACKGROUND: Atrial fibrillation/flutter (AF) produces significant morbidity in women and is typically attributed to cardiac remodeling from multiple causes, particularly hypertension. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders (HPDs) are associated with future hypertension and adverse cardiac remodeling. We evaluated whether women with AF were more likely to have experienced a HPD compared with those without. METHODS AND RESULTS: A nested case-control study was conducted within a cohort of 7566 women who had a live or stillbirth delivery in Olmsted County, Minnesota between 1976 and 1982. AF cases were matched (1:1) to controls based on date of birth, age at first pregnancy, and parity. AF and pregnancy history were confirmed by chart review. We identified 105 AF cases: mean age 57±8 (mean±SD) years, (controls 56±8 years), 32±8 years (controls 31±8 years) after the first pregnancy. Cases were more likely to have obesity during childbearing years, and hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, coronary disease, valvular disease, and heart failure at the time of AF diagnosis. Cases were more likely to have a history of HPDs, compared with controls: 28/105 (26.7%) cases versus 12/105 (11.4%) controls, odds ratio: 2.60 (95% confidence interval, 1.21-6.04). After adjustment for hypertension and obesity, the association was attenuated and no longer statistically significant; odds ratio (95% confidence interval, 2.12 (0.92-5.23). CONCLUSIONS: Women with AF are more likely to have had a HPD, a relationship at least partially mediated by associated obesity and hypertension. Given the high morbidity of AF, studies evaluating the benefit of screening for and management of cardiovascular risk factors in women with a history of HPD should be performed.
Dural sinus thrombosis in melioidosis: the first case report.; Melioidosis which is infection with Burkholderia pseudomallei, is an important cause of sepsis in India, southeast Asia and northern Australia. Mortality is high and treatment is problematic. Neurological melioidosis is unusual but meningoencephalitis, encephalomyelitis and brain microabscess can occur Dural sinus thrombosis is not an uncommon cerebrovascular disorder with various etiologies. Hypercoagulable state, pregnancy, dehydration, certain blood dyscrasia and contraceptive pills are common causes however meningitis and local head & neck infections may lead to this condition. Dural sinus thrombosis complicating septicemic melioidosis has never been reported. The authors report a 42-year-old Thai man suffering from septicemic melioidosis with dural sinus thrombosis. He had high fever, headache, left hemiparesis, focal seizure and increased intracranial pressure. Diabetes and mild alcoholic cirrhosis were diagnosed in this admission. CT scan, MRI brain and MRV revealed superior saggital sinus thrombosis with complicating venous infarction over right posterior parietal lobe. Hemoculture demonstrated Burkholderia pseudomallei and CSF was acellular Investigations for causes of dural sinus thrombosis were all negative. This patient gradually improved after treatment with ceftazidime, antiepileptic drug and heparin without clinical recurrence. Neuromelioidosis is a rare syndrome that may present as brain abscess, encephalitis or meningoencephalitis. The authors report dural sinus thrombosis associated with septicemic melioidosis. The authors' hypothesis of venous thrombosis in the presented case is sepsis induced hypercoagulable state. Physicians should be aware of cerebral venous thrombosis in case of suspicious melioidosis with neurological involvement. Prompt treatment with intravenous heparin and antibiotic is potentially effective.
Coffee consumption and plasma total homocysteine: The Hordaland Homocysteine Study.; The health consequences of coffee drinking remain controversial. We report on an association between coffee consumption and the concentration of total homocysteine (tHcy) in plasma, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and for adverse pregnancy outcome. The study population consisted of 7589 men and 8585 women 40-67 y of age and with no history of hypertension, diabetes, ischemic heart disease, or cerebrovascular disease. They were recruited from Hordaland county of western Norway in 1992-1993. Daily use of coffee was reported by 89.1% of the participants, of whom 94.9% used caffeinated filtered coffee. There was a marked positive dose-response relation between coffee consumption and plasma tHcy, which was stronger than the relation between coffee and total serum cholesterol. In 40-42-y-old men, mean tHcy was 10.1 mumol/L for nonusers and 12.0 mumol/L for drinkers of > or = 9 cups of coffee/d. Corresponding tHcy concentrations in 40-42-y-old women were 8.2 and 10.5 mumol/L, respectively. Although coffee drinking was associated with smoking and lower intake of vitamin supplements and fruit and vegetables, the coffee-tHcy association was only moderately reduced after these variables were adjusted for. The combination of cigarette smoking and high coffee intake was associated with particularly high tHcy concentrations. A strong inverse relation between tea and tHcy concentration in univariate analysis was substantially attenuated after smoking and coffee drinking were adjusted for. The results of the present report should promote future studies on tHcy as a possible mediator of adverse clinical effects related to heavy coffee consumption.
Sex and Gender Differences in Prevention of Type 2 Diabetes.; Lifestyle intervention programs are effective in the prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in high risk populations. However, most studies only give limited information about the influence of sex and/or gender effectiveness of these interventions. So far, similar outcome was reported for diabetes progression and weight loss. Nevertheless, long-term data on cardiovascular outcome are sparse but favoring women regarding all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. In both men and women, sex hormone imbalances and reproductive disorders are associated with a higher risk of T2DM development. Diabetes prevention approaches are reported for polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and erectile dysfunction and are presented in this review. In the surgical treatment options for morbid obese patients, sex and gender differences are present. Choices and preferences of adherence to lifestyle and pharmacological interventions, expectations, treatment effects, and complications are influenced by sex or gender. In general, bariatric surgery is performed more often in women seeking medical/surgical help to lose weight. Men are older and have higher comorbidities and mortality rates and worse follow-up outcome after bariatric surgery. A more gender-sensitive clinical approach, as well as consideration of ethnicity may improve quality of life and increase health and life expectancy in men and women with a high risk for subsequent progression to T2DM.
Home management by remote self-monitoring in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies: A retrospective study of 400 consecutive women.; INTRODUCTION: Home management in general is considered to improve patient well-being, patient involvement and cost-effectiveness, for obstetric patients as well. But concerns regarding inclusion of intermediate- and high-risk pregnant women are an issue and a limitation for clinical implementation. This retrospective study evaluated the outcome and safety of extended remote self-monitoring of maternal and fetal health in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study reports on 400 singleton pregnancies complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, high-risk of preeclampsia, or a history of previous fetal or neonatal loss. Remote self-monitoring was performed by pregnant women and included C-reactive protein, non-stress test by cardiotocography, temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, and a questionnaire concerning maternal and fetal wellbeing. Data were transferred to the hospital using a mobile device platform and evaluated by healthcare professionals. In case of non-reassuring registrations, the pregnant women were invited for assessment at the hospital. Primary outcome was perinatal death. Secondary outcomes were other maternal and perinatal complications. RESULTS: No severe maternal complications were observed. Nine fetal or neonatal deaths occurred, all secondary to malformations, severe fetal growth restriction, extreme prematurity or lung hypoplasia in cases of PPROM before 24 weeks. Even in the latter group, fetal and neonatal survival was 78% (18/23) and rose to 97% (60/62) when PPROM occurred after a gestational age 23+6 weeks. None of the fetal or neonatal deaths were attributable to the home-management setting. CONCLUSIONS: Home-monitoring including remote self-monitoring of fetal and maternal well-being in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies seems to be a safe alternative to inpatient or frequent outpatient care, which sets the stage for a new way of thinking of hospital care. The implementation process included staff training workshops and development of patient enrollment practice with clarification of expectations and responsibilities, which can be crucial to the results.
Preferences for postpartum lifestyle counseling among women sharing an increased cardiovascular and metabolic risk: a focus group study.; OBJECTIVE: To describe women's preferences for postpartum lifestyle counseling after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes. METHODS: Thirty-six women who had experienced these pregnancy complications participated in six focus group interviews. RESULTS: All women expressed a need for participation in postpartum lifestyle counseling. They preferred participation to be tailored to individual preferences. A combination of face-to-face counseling supported by computer-tailored lifestyle advice appealed to them. CONCLUSION: Postpartum lifestyle counseling aimed at these women should be tailored to individual needs and preferences.
Association between gestational weight gain and chronic disease risks in later life.; To assess the association between gestational weight gain (GWG) and the risk of developing chronic diseases in later life, this historical cohort study of 318 non-overweight women was conducted between April 2017 and November 2020 at a hospital in Tokyo. Data about GWG in the last pregnancy and the development of any chronic diseases of the subjects were retrieved from the women's Maternal and Child Health Handbooks and through a questionnaire survey, respectively. The outcomes were chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus (DM), hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and being overweight (body mass index [BMI] ≥ 25 kg/m(2)). Association between GWG and outcomes were assessed using a logistic regression analysis.There were significant positive linear associations between GWG and the risks of developing DM, hypertension, and being overweight (P = 0.013, 0.050, and 0.017, respectively). After adjusting for later-life BMI, a significant association between GWG and DM (P = 0.025) remained, but the association between GWG and hypertension disappeared. GWG was significantly associated with DM, hypertension, and being overweight later in life. Although the association between GWG and DM was partially independent of BMI later in life, the association between GWG and hypertension was influenced by being overweight later in life.
Fetal cell-free DNA fraction in maternal plasma for the prediction of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study is to compare the fetal fractions during non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) in singleton pregnancies according to gestational age and maternal characteristics to evaluate the utility of this parameter for the prediction of pregnancy complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). STUDY DESIGN: This study was a multicenter prospective cohort study. The present data were collected from women whose NIPT results were negative. The relationships between the fetal fractions and the gestational age, maternal weight and height, and incidences of miscarriage, preterm delivery, and pregnancy complications including GDM, HDP and placental abruption were assessed. RESULTS: A total of 5582 pregnant women with verified NIPT negative results were registered in the study. The demographic characteristics of the study populations were statistically analyzed, and the women with HDP tended to have a low fetal fraction in samples taken during early gestation. The area under the curve (AUC) in a receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analysis was 0.608 for women with HDP. CONCLUSION: A low fetal fraction on NIPT might be correlated with future HDP. However, predicting HDP during early pregnancy in women with a low fetal fraction might be difficult.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and long-term cardiovascular health: FIGO Best Practice Advice.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are the most common causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. They are responsible for 16% of maternal deaths in high-income countries and approximately 25% in low- and middle-income countries. The impact of HDP can be lifelong as they are a recognized risk factor for future cardiovascular disease. During pregnancy, the cardiovascular system undergoes significant adaptive changes that ensure adequate uteroplacental blood flow and exchange of oxygen and nutrients to nurture and accommodate the developing fetus. Failure to achieve normal cardiovascular adaptation is associated with the development of HDP. Hemodynamic alterations in women with a history of HDP can persist for years and predispose to long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Therefore, pregnancy and the postpartum period are an opportunity to identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, cardiovascular risk factors. It is important to develop strategies with lifestyle and therapeutic interventions to reduce the risk of future cardiovascular disease in those who have a history of HDP.
Association of antenatal steroids with surfactant administration in moderate preterm infants born to women with diabetes mellitus and/or hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Randomized trials of antenatal steroid administration (ANS) for extreme or moderate preterm pregnancies excluded women with diabetes mellitus (DM) and included few with preeclampsia. METHODS: Cohort study (n = 1,813) including moderate preterm births [29(0/7)-33(6/7)wks' gestational age GA)] before (Epoch-1) and after (Epoch-2) expansion of ANS administration to women with hypertensive disorders (HTN) and/or DM. We compared surfactant administration in Group-1 (neither HTN nor DM), Group-2a (HTN not DM), Group-2b (DM not HTN) and Group-2c (DM and HTN). RESULTS: Surfactant administration was less frequent after ANS in Group-1 [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 0.54, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.31, 0.93, P = 0.03], Group-2a (aOR 0.36, CI 0.22, 0.58, P < 0.001) and Group-2c (aOR 0.29, CI 0.12, 0.71, P = 0.007) but not Group-2b (P = 0.64). CONCLUSIONS: ANS administration was independently associated with less surfactant administration in moderately preterm neonates whose mothers had neither HTN nor DM, and those with HTN, but not those with DM without HTN.
Association between antenatal blood pressure and 5-year postpartum retinal arteriolar structural and functional changes.; OBJECTIVE: Studies have shown that hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with both postpartum retinal microvascular changes and cardiovascular (CV) risks. However, the underlying mechanism of HDP transitioning to microvascular and macrovascular changes remains unknown, due to the interaction between microvasculature and CV risks. In this study, we examined whether associations between antenatal systolic blood pressure (SBP) and postpartum retinal arteriolar changes are independent of postpartum CV risks. METHODS: We included 276 Singaporean mothers attending both baseline index pregnancy (2009-2010) and 5-year postpartum follow-up visits (2014-2015). We measured SBP at baseline. At follow-up, we assessed retinal microvascular structure and function with retinal photography and dynamic vessel analyser, together with CV risks using a validated 2008 Framingham Risk Score (FRS). We performed a traditional four-step mediation analysis using linear regression by adjusting for a series of baseline characteristics: age, ethnicity, college degree, prepregnancy body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosis at baseline. RESULTS: We found that each 10 mm Hg increase in baseline SBP was associated with reduced arteriolar calibre (-1.3 µm; 95% CI -3.0 to 0.2) and fractal dimension (-0.4 degrees of freedom (df); -1.0 to 0.2), and significantly with increased arteriolar constriction (0.5%; 0.001 to 1.0) at 5-year postpartum. Even though baseline SBP was associated with postpartum FRS, the latter was not associated with any retinal arteriolar measures. Therefore, no further mediation analysis was required. CONCLUSION: Our study suggested that elevated SBP during pregnancy was associated with suboptimal retinal arteriolar structure and function independent of postpartum CV risks.
Inpatient management of diabetes: survey in a tertiary care centre.; AIMS: Good glycaemic control in hospitalised patients with diabetes mellitus improves wellbeing and aids recovery. This survey aimed to: (1) assess glycaemic control in patients with diabetes admitted to hospital for reasons other than diabetes, (2) compare the glycaemic control in patients treated in medical and surgical units, and (3) see the impact of specialists' input on glycaemic control. METHODS: The first 150 patients admitted to hospital were identified; those with acute metabolic complications of diabetes mellitus, acute myocardial infarction, pregestational or gestational diabetes, and patients in different intensive care units were excluded. Case notes were reviewed with particular attention to glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring, complications, and the actions taken to improve glycaemic control. RESULTS: Four of the 150 patients died in hospital. When subcutaneous insulin was used glycaemic control was good in 48%, suboptimal in 15%, and poor in 37% of patients. The results were not significantly different with subcutaneous or intravenous insulin. There was also no difference in glycaemic control among medical and surgical patients. Patients managed by designated specialists had better control than those managed by physicians (p<0.001). Hypoglycaemia was documented in 20% and two patients developed non-ketotic hyperosmolar coma while in hospital. In a few cases treatment at discharge was not changed despite poor control while in hospital. CONCLUSION: More attention should be given to improving glycaemic control in patients hospitalised for reasons other than diabetes. Particular care should be taken to modify the dose of insulin needed to get good glycaemic control; control was better with specialists' input. A follow up survey will be conducted.
Molecular regulators of defective placental and cardiovascular development in fetal growth restriction.; Placental insufficiency is one of the major causes of fetal growth restriction (FGR), a significant pregnancy disorder in which the fetus fails to achieve its full growth potential in utero. As well as the acute consequences of being born too small, affected offspring are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and other chronic diseases in later life. The placenta and heart develop concurrently, therefore placental maldevelopment and function in FGR may have profound effect on the growth and differentiation of many organ systems, including the heart. Hence, understanding the key molecular players that are synergistically linked in the development of the placenta and heart is critical. This review highlights the key growth factors, angiogenic molecules and transcription factors that are common causes of defective placental and cardiovascular development.
In-Hospital Outcomes in Pregnancy After Heart Transplantation.; Although the number of successful pregnancies in heart transplantation (HT) recipients is increasing, data regarding outcomes after delivery are limited. The 2010 to 2015 Nationwide Inpatient Sample was queried to identify index hospitalizations for delivery in HT recipients. Adverse delivery events of HT patients were compared with those of women without history of HT or systolic heart failure (HF) undergoing delivery. Of 21,922,631 delivery hospitalizations, 94 hospitalizations were of HT recipients. Compared with women without a history of HF or HT, post-HT women had greater comorbidity burden, as evidenced by the Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (1.16 vs 0.24, p <0.001), lower household incomes (p = 0.03), and were more likely to deliver at large hospitals (90% vs 58%, p = 0.02) and hospitals categorized as teaching institutions (100% vs 59%, p <0.001). After adjustment for clinical variables, history of HT was significantly associated with increased incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio 6.97, p = 0.001) primarily driven by increased rates of preeclampsia, and induction of labor (odds ratio 3.18, p = 0.01). There were no differences in gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth restriction, fetal malformations, or preterm delivery (all p >0.3). In conclusion, post-HT women have greater comorbidity burden and experience increased maternal risks compared with women without history of HT or systolic HF, including increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and need for induction. More studies are needed to improve obstetric care and maternal-fetal outcomes for the HT population.
Diabetes: From Research to Clinical Practice.; The number of people living with diabetes, the number of deaths attributable to it, and the cost of treating the disease and its complications are increasing exponentially. Centuries of research led to the discovery of insulin and other drugs based on pathophysiology from "the triumvirate to ominous octet". The agonists of the glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor, and the inhibitors of the sodium-glucose transport protein 2 (SGLT2) are the new drugs that improve cardiovascular outcomes and provide renal protection, and they are being used increasingly for evidence-based treatment of type 2 diabetes. Bariatric surgery, when indicated, results in excellent weight- and metabolic-control, and in many instances even remission of diabetes. Technological advances like Flash glucose monitoring, continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII), and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) have improved glycemic control, reduced episodes of severe hypoglycemia, and improved quality of life. For the treatment of diabetic macular edema intravitreal injection of several anti-VEGF agents are being used. Numerous people living in the middle- and low-income countries cannot afford the costs of care of diabetes. Institutions like the World Health Organization, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund should roll out plans to convince the politicians to invest more in improving the diabetes care facilities.
Biological and behavioral pathways from prenatal depression to offspring cardiometabolic risk: Testing the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis.; Given prior literature focused on the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease framework, there is strong rationale to hypothesize that reducing depression in the prenatal period will cause improvements in offspring cardiometabolic health. The current review outlines evidence that prenatal depression is associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk and health behaviors. We review evidence of these associations in humans and in nonhuman animals at multiple developmental periods, from the prenatal period (maternal preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), neonatal period (preterm birth, small size at birth), infancy (rapid weight gain), childhood and adolescence (high blood pressure, impaired glucose-insulin homeostasis, unfavorable lipid profiles, abdominal obesity), and into adulthood (diabetes, cardiovascular disease). In addition to these cardiometabolic outcomes, we focus on health behaviors associated with cardiometabolic risk, such as child eating behaviors, diet, physical activity, and sleep health. Our review focuses on child behaviors (e.g., emotional eating, preference for highly palatable foods, short sleep duration) and parenting behaviors (e.g., pressuring child to eat, modeling of health behaviors). These changes in health behaviors may be detected before changes to cardiometabolic outcomes, which may allow for early identification of and prevention for children at risk for poor adult cardiometabolic outcomes. We also discuss the methods of the ongoing Care Project, which is a randomized clinical trial to test whether reducing prenatal maternal depression improves offspring's cardiometabolic health and health behaviors in preschool. The goal of this review and the Care Project are to inform future research, interventions, and policies that support prenatal mental health and offspring cardiometabolic health. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved).
Down regulation of the proliferation and apoptotic pathways in the embryonic brain of diabetic rats.; Compelling evidence shows that the offspring subjected to uncontrolled hyperlycemia during gestation display behavioral, neurochemical, and cellular abnormalities during adulthood. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying these defects remain elusive. Previous studies have shown an increased rate of apoptosis and a decreased index of neuronal proliferation associated with diabetic embryopathy. The aim of the present study was to determine whether impairments in apoptotic related proteins also occur in the developing central nervous system from non-malformed embryos exposed to uncontrolled gestational hyperglycemia. Pregnant rats injected with either streptozotocin or vehicle were killed on gestational day 19. Offspring brains were quickly removed to evaluate protein expression by Western blotting. Embryonic brains from diabetic rats exhibited a decrease in the cell survival p-Akt expression (52.83 ± 24.35%) and in the pro-apoptotic protein Bax (56.16 ± 6.47%). Moreover, the anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2 showed a non-significant increase while there were no changes in Procaspase 3 or cleaved Caspase 3 proteins. The cytoskeleton proteins NF-200 and GFAP were also examined. Neither NF-200 nor GFAP showed differences in embryonic brains from diabetic rats compared to controls. Altogether, these results indicate that both proliferation and apoptotic pathways are decreased in the brain from the developing offspring of diabetic rats. Since selective neuronal apoptosis, as well as selective cell proliferation, are specifically involved in brain organogenesis, it is possible that simultaneous impairments during the perinatal period contribute to the long lasting alterations observed in the adult brain.
Efficacy and Cardiovascular Safety of DPP-4 Inhibitors.; Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors or gliptins belong to the class of incretin mimetics. These drugs have been available on the market for the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) for over a decade. Sitagliptin, linagliptin, vildagliptin, saxagliptin and alogliptin are widely available globally, whilst anagliptin, gemigliptin and teneliptin are used mainly in the Asian countries. The glycemic control conferred by DPP-4 inhibitors varies among individual molecules with an average reduction of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) ranging between -0.5 to -1.0% with monotherapy. Additive effects on HbA1c reduction may result from combination therapy with other antidiabetics. Weak evidence from various studies suggests that DPP-4 inhibitors may be useful in treating nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DPP-4 inhibitors safety is not established in pregnancy, and there is only meagre evidence of its use in T2DM among children. In line with the United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) recommendations, sitagliptin, linagliptin, saxagliptin and alogliptin have undergone rigorous cardiovascular outcome trials (CVOTs) in recent years, and the safety data for vildagliptin is available through retrospective analysis of various studies in meta-analysis. Small clinical trial, and meta-analysis based data are available for the CV safety of other DPP-4 inhibitors. In general, the CVOTs and other safety data do not reveal serious warning signals except for saxagliptin (higher risk of hospitalization from heart failure [hHF]), although there is no robust data on the risk of hHF among patients with moderate to severe HF at baseline treated with other DPP-4 inhibitors. This review critically appraises the efficacy and cardiovascular safety of DPP-4 inhibitors to empower clinicians to use this class of antidiabetic medications judiciously.
Maternal Hyperleptinemia Is Associated with Male Offspring's Altered Vascular Function and Structure in Mice.; Children of mothers with gestational diabetes have greater risk of developing hypertension but little is known about the mechanisms by which this occurs. The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that high maternal concentrations of leptin during pregnancy, which are present in mothers with gestational diabetes and/or obesity, alter blood pressure, vascular structure and vascular function in offspring. Wildtype (WT) offspring of hyperleptinemic, normoglycemic, Leprdb/+ dams were compared to genotype matched offspring of WT-control dams. Vascular function was assessed in male offspring at 6, and at 31 weeks of age after half the offspring had been fed a high fat, high sucrose diet (HFD) for 6 weeks. Blood pressure was increased by HFD but not affected by maternal hyperleptinemia. On a standard diet, offspring of hyperleptinemic dams had outwardly remodeled mesenteric arteries and an enhanced vasodilatory response to insulin. In offspring of WT but not Leprdb/+ dams, HFD induced vessel hypertrophy and enhanced vasodilatory responses to acetylcholine, while HFD reduced insulin responsiveness in offspring of hyperleptinemic dams. Offspring of hyperleptinemic dams had stiffer arteries regardless of diet. Therefore, while maternal hyperleptinemia was largely beneficial to offspring vascular health under a standard diet, it had detrimental effects in offspring fed HFD. These results suggest that circulating maternal leptin concentrations may interact with other factors in the pre- and post -natal environments to contribute to altered vascular function in offspring of diabetic pregnancies.
Genetics of murine type 2 diabetes and comorbidities.; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a polygenic and multifactorial complex disease, defined as chronic metabolic disorder. It's a major global health concern with an estimated 463 million adults aged 20-79 years with diabetes and projected to increase up to 700 million by 2045. T2D was reported to be one of the four leading causes of non-communicable disease (NCD) deaths in 2012. Environmental factors play a part in the development of polygenic forms of diabetes. Polygenic forms of diabetes often run-in families. Fortunately, T2D, which accounts for 90-95% of the entire four types of diabetes including, Type 1 diabetes (T1D), T2D, monogenic diabetes syndromes (MGDS), and Gestational diabetes mellitus, can be prevented or delayed through nutrition and lifestyle changes as well as through pharmacologic interventions. Typical symptom of the T2D is high blood glucose levels and comprehensive insulin resistance of the body, producing an impaired glucose tolerance. Impaired glucose tolerance of T2D is accompanied by extensive health complications, including cardiovascular diseases (CVD) that vary in morbidity and mortality among populations. The pathogenesis of T2D varies between populations and/or ethnic groupings and is known to be attributed extremely by genetic components and environmental factors. It is evident that genetic background plays a critical role in determining the host response toward certain environmental conditions, whether or not of developing T2D (susceptibility versus resistant). T2D is considered as a silent disease that can progress for years before its diagnosis. Once T2D is diagnosed, many metabolic malfunctions are observed whether as side effects or as independent comorbidity. Mouse models have been proven to be a powerful tool for mapping genetic factors that underline the susceptibility to T2D development as well its comorbidities. Here, we have conducted a comprehensive search throughout the published data covering the time span from early 1990s till the time of writing this review, for already reported quantitative trait locus (QTL) associated with murine T2D and comorbidities in different mouse models, which contain different genetic backgrounds. Our search has resulted in finding 54 QTLs associated with T2D in addition to 72 QTLs associated with comorbidities associated with the disease. We summarized the genomic locations of these mapped QTLs in graphical formats, so as to show the overlapping positions between of these mapped QTLs, which may suggest that some of these QTLs could be underlined by sharing gene/s. Finally, we reviewed and addressed published reports that show the success of translation of the identified mouse QTLs/genes associated with the disease in humans.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy outcome.; The increasing prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide provides a major challenge to obstetric practice from preconception to postpartum. Maternal obesity can result in unfavorable outcomes for the woman and fetus. Maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension leading to preeclampsia. The fetus is at risk for stillbirth and congenital anomalies. Intrapartum care, normal and operative deliveries, anesthetic and operative interventions in the obese demand extra care. Obesity in pregnancy can also affect health later in life for both mother and child. For women, these risks include heart disease and hypertension. Children have a risk of future obesity and heart disease. Women and their offspring are at increased risk for diabetes. Obstetrician-gynecologists should be well informed to prevent and treat this epidemic. Interventions directed at weight loss and prevention of excessive weight gain during pregnancy must begin in the preconception period.
Mediating Factors in the Association of Maternal Educational Level With Pregnancy Outcomes: A Mendelian Randomization Study.; IMPORTANCE: Lower educational attainment is associated with increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, but it is unclear which pathways mediate this association. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between educational attainment and pregnancy outcomes and the proportion of this association that is mediated through modifiable cardiometabolic risk factors. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: In this 2-sample mendelian randomization (MR) cohort study, uncorrelated (R2 < 0.01) single-nucleotide variants (formerly single-nucleotide polymorphisms) associated with the exposure (P < 5 × 10-8) and mediators and genetic associations with the pregnancy outcomes from genome-wide association studies were extracted. All participants were of European ancestry and were largely from Finland, Iceland, the United Kingdom, or the US. The inverse variance-weighted method was used in the main analysis, and the weighted median, weighted mode, and MR Egger regression were used in sensitivity analyses. In mediation analyses, the direct effect of educational attainment estimated in multivariable MR was compared with the total effect estimated in the main univariable MR analysis. Data were extracted between December 1, 2022, and April 30, 2023. EXPOSURE: Genetically estimated educational attainment. The mediators considered were genetically estimated type 2 diabetes, body mass index, smoking, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level, and systolic blood pressure. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Ectopic pregnancy, hyperemesis gravidarum, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, preterm birth, and offspring birth weight. RESULTS: The analyses included 3 037 499 individuals with data on educational attainment, and those included in studies on pregnancy outcomes ranged from 141 014 for ectopic pregnancy to 270 002 with data on offspring birth weight. Each SD increase in genetically estimated educational attainment (ie, 3.4 years) was associated with an increased birth weight of 42 (95% CI, 28-56) g and an odds ratio ranging from 0.53 (95% CI, 0.46-0.60) for ectopic pregnancy to 0.81 (95% CI, 0.71-0.93) for preeclampsia. The combined proportion of the association that was mediated by the 5 cardiometabolic risk factors ranged from -17% (95% CI, -46% to 26%) for hyperemesis gravidarum to 78% (95% CI, 10%-208%) for preeclampsia. Sensitivity analyses accounting for pleiotropy were consistent with the main analyses. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this MR cohort study, intervening for type 2 diabetes, body mass index, smoking, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level, and systolic blood pressure may lead to reductions in several adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with lower levels of education. Such public health interventions would serve to reduce health disparities attributable to social inequalities.
Prenatal and perinatal risk and protective factors for psychosis: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Prenatal and perinatal insults are implicated in the aetiopathogenesis of psychotic disorders but the consistency and magnitude of their associations with psychosis have not been updated for nearly two decades. The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to provide a comprehensive and up-to-date synthesis of the evidence on the association between prenatal or perinatal risk and protective factors and psychotic disorders. METHODS: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we searched the Web of Science database for articles published up to July 20, 2019. We identified cohort and case-control studies examining the association (odds ratio [OR]) between prenatal and perinatal factors and any International Classification of Diseases (ICD) or Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) non-organic psychotic disorder with a healthy comparison group. Other inclusion criteria were enough data available to do the analyses, and non-overlapping datasets. We excluded reviews, meta-analyses, abstracts or conference proceedings, and articles with overlapping datasets. Data were extracted according to EQUATOR and PRISMA guidelines. Extracted variables included first author, publication year, study type, sample size, type of psychotic diagnosis (non-affective psychoses or schizophrenia-spectrum disorders, affective psychoses) and diagnostic instrument (DSM or ICD and version), the risk or protective factor, and measure of association (primary outcome). We did random-effects pairwise meta-analyses, Q statistics, I(2) index, sensitivity analyses, meta-regressions, and assessed study quality and publication bias. The study protocol was registered at PROSPERO, CRD42017079261. FINDINGS: 152 studies relating to 98 risk or protective factors were eligible for analysis. Significant risk factors were: maternal age younger than 20 years (OR 1·17) and 30-34 years (OR 1·05); paternal age younger than 20 years (OR 1·31) and older than 35 years (OR 1·28); any maternal (OR 4·60) or paternal (OR 2·73) psychopathology; maternal psychosis (OR 7·61) and affective disorder (OR 2·26); three or more pregnancies (OR 1·30); herpes simplex 2 (OR 1·35); maternal infections not otherwise specified (NOS; OR 1·27); suboptimal number of antenatal visits (OR 1·83); winter (OR 1·05) and winter to spring (OR 1·05) season of birth in the northern hemisphere; maternal stress NOS (OR 2·40); famine (OR 1·61); any famine or nutritional deficits in pregnancy (OR 1·40); maternal hypertension (OR 1·40); hypoxia (OR 1·63); ruptured (OR 1·86) and premature rupture (OR 2·29) of membranes; polyhydramnios (OR 3·05); definite obstetric complications NOS (OR 1·83); birthweights of less than 2000 g (OR 1·84), less than 2500 g (OR 1·53), or 2500-2999 g (OR 1·23); birth length less than 49 cm (OR 1·17); small for gestational age (OR 1·40); premature birth (OR 1·35), and congenital malformations (OR 2·35). Significant protective factors were maternal ages 20-24 years (OR 0·93) and 25-29 years (OR 0·92), nulliparity (OR 0·91), and birthweights 3500-3999 g (OR 0·90) or more than 4000 g (OR 0·86). The results were corrected for publication biases; sensitivity and meta-regression analyses confirmed the robustness of these findings for most factors. INTERPRETATION: Several prenatal and perinatal factors are associated with the later onset of psychosis. The updated knowledge emerging from this study could refine understanding of psychosis pathogenesis, enhance multivariable risk prediction, and inform preventive strategies. FUNDING: None.
Pheochromocytoma and sub-clinical Cushing's syndrome during pregnancy: diagnosis, medical pre-treatment and cure by laparoscopic unilateral adrenalectomy.; The coexistence of pheochromocytoma and primary adrenal Cushing's syndrome of the same adrenal gland has rarely been reported. We describe here the case of a female patient presenting with mild Cushing's stigmata, hypertension and diabetes mellitus in whom we diagnosed a pheochromocytoma of the left adrenal gland with coexisting non-ACTH-dependent cortisol hypersecretion. While hormonal work-up was still in progress, the patient became pregnant and wanted to carry her pregnancy to full-term. A laparoscopic adrenalectomy in the 17th week of gestation was decided upon and the patient accordingly prepared for surgery by pre-treatment with phenoxybenzamine. Successful surgery--the first ever reported laparoscopic resection of a pheochromocytoma in pregnancy--without perioperative complications was performed under general anesthesia, with the patient receiving peri- and post-operative hydrocortisone substitution. Pathohistological examination revealed a pheochromocytoma with positive immunostaining for interleukin-6 (IL-6) and negative immunostaining for ACTH, vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (VIP) and cytochrome P450, and with no signs of malignancy. A paracrine stimulation of the ipsilateral adrenal cortex by IL-6 produced by the pheochromocytoma, leading to cortical hyperplasia and subclinical Cushing's syndrome, is suggested by the positive immunostaining for IL-6 and the MRI findings. Post-operatively, secondary adrenal insufficiency ensued, necessitating continuing hydrocortisone replacement over 12 months. Hypertension resolved after surgery, and diabetes after the uncomplicated vaginal delivery at term.
The diagnostic values of concurrent nonstress testing, amniotic fluid measurement, and Doppler velocimetry in screening a general high-risk population.; To determine the values of individual and combined biophysical fetal surveillance tests in a general high-risk population, we examined 1000 consecutive pregnancies complicated by either postdatism, hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, or diabetes mellitus. Nonstress tests, amniotic fluid pocket measurements, and umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry were performed on each patient; each test was rated against gestational age-adjusted standards. Clinical end points included perinatal mortality, intrapartum fetal distress, 5-minute Apgar score less than 7, and neonatal acidosis in pregnancies without major anomalies or extreme prematurity (age at birth greater than 32 weeks), delivered within 72 hours of final tests. Each testing method had specificity greater than 90%. Sensitivities ranged from 69% (nonstress test) to 21% (Doppler velocimetry). Negative predictive values of each method exceeded 85%; positive predictive values ranged from 81% (nonstress test) to 42% (amniotic fluid measurements). The positive predictive value for any abnormal test was 54% and increased to 100% when all tests were abnormal; this latter condition occurred in only 2% of the total population. Amniotic fluid measurements or Doppler velocimetry, when compared with the nonstress test, appeared to be less powerful "stand-alone" screening tests. The performance of all tests in a single session confers little improvement in detection of fetal compromise if the nonstress test is normal; however, this approach may aid decision-making in the management of pregnancies when fetal maturity is not established.
Immortal time bias in observational studies of drug effects in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The use of decongestants during the second or third trimesters of pregnancy has been associated with a decreased risk of preterm delivery in two observational studies. This effect may have been subject to immortal time bias, a bias arising from the improper classification of exposure during follow-up. We illustrate this bias by repeating the studies using a different data source. METHODS: The United Kingdom Hospital Episodes Statistics and the Clinical Practice Research Datalink databases were linked to identify all live singleton pregnancies among women aged 15 to 45 years between 1997 and 2012. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals of preterm delivery (before 37 weeks of gestation) by considering the use of decongestants during the third trimester as a time-fixed (biased analysis which misclassifies unexposed person-time as exposed person-time) and time-varying exposure (unbiased analysis with proper classification of unexposed person-time). All models were adjusted for maternal age, smoking status, maternal diabetes, maternal hypertension, preeclampsia, and parity. RESULTS: Of the 195,582 singleton deliveries, 10,248 (5.2%) were born preterm. In the time-fixed analysis, the HR of preterm delivery for the use of decongestants was below the null and suggestive of a 46% decreased risk (adjusted HR = 0.54; 95% confidence interval, 0.24-1.20). In contrast, the HR was closer to null (adjusted HR = 0.93 95% confidence interval, 0.42-2.06) when the use of decongestants was treated as a time-varying variable. CONCLUSION: Studies of drug safety in pregnancy should use the appropriate statistical techniques to avoid immortal time bias, particularly when the exposure occurs at later stages of pregnancy.
Prevalence and distribution of (micro)albuminuria in toddlers.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria is common in the general adult population, with a prevalence of ∼7%, and is an independent indicator of renal and cardiovascular risks. Whether albuminuria is acquired during life (as a result of hypertension/diabetes) or is congenital and already present at birth is unknown. We studied the prevalence of microalbuminuria in toddlers and compared the distribution of albuminuria with that of the general adult population. In addition, we looked for possible associations between microalbuminuria and antenatal, postnatal and maternal factors. METHODS: The urinary albumin concentration (UAC) was measured in 1352 children and the urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (UACR) in 1288 children from the Groningen Expert Center for Kids with Obesity (GECKO) Drenthe cohort (age range 20-40 months). Albuminuria distribution was compared with the albuminuria distribution in 40 854 participants of the general adult cohort of the Prevention of Renal and Vascular End stage Disease (PREVEND) study. Associations between albuminuria (expressed as UAC and UACR) and antenatal, postnatal and maternal factors were tested with linear regression analysis. RESULTS: The median UAC in the GECKO study was 2.3 mg/L (5th-95th percentiles: 2.1-25.5) and in the PREVEND study it was 6.0 mg/L (2.3-28.6) (P distribution comparison 0.053). The prevalence of UAC ≥ 20 mg/L was 6.9% in the GECKO study and 7.8% in the PREVEND study (P = 0.195). The prevalence of UACR ≥ 30 mg/g in the GECKO study was 23.4%. UAC and UACR were lower in boys. UAC was not associated with other determinants, but UACR was associated with age and gestational diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: The distribution of UAC and the prevalence of UAC > 20 mg/L in toddlers and in the young general adult population are comparable. These findings suggest that microalbuminuria is a congenital condition that may predispose to a higher cardiovascular risk later in life.
IL-33 supplementation improves uterine artery resistance and maternal hypertension in response to placental ischemia.; Preeclampsia (PE), a leading cause of maternal/fetal morbidity and mortality, is a hypertensive pregnancy disorder with end-organ damage that manifests after 20 wk of gestation. PE is characterized by chronic immune activation and endothelial dysfunction. Clinical studies report reduced IL-33 signaling in PE. We use the Reduced Uterine Perfusion Pressure (RUPP) rat model, which mimics many PE characteristics including reduced IL-33, to identify mechanisms mediating PE pathophysiology. We hypothesized that IL-33 supplementation would improve blood pressure (BP), inflammation, and oxidative stress (ROS) during placental ischemia. We implanted intraperitoneal mini-osmotic pumps infusing recombinant rat IL-33 (1 µg/kg/day) into normal pregnant (NP) and RUPP rats from gestation day 14 to 19. We found that IL-33 supplementation in RUPP rats reduces maternal blood pressure and improves the uterine artery resistance index (UARI). In addition to physiological improvements, we found decreased circulating and placental cytolytic Natural Killer cells (cNKs) and decreased circulating, placental, and renal T(H)17s in IL-33-treated RUPP rats. cNK cell cytotoxic activity also decreased in IL-33-supplemented RUPP rats. Furthermore, renal ROS and placental preproendothelin-1 (PPET-1) decreased in RUPP rats treated with IL-33. These findings demonstrate a role for IL-33 in controlling vascular function and maternal BP during pregnancy by decreasing inflammation, renal ROS, and PPET-1 expression. These data suggest that IL-33 may have therapeutic potential in managing PE.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Though decreased IL-33 signaling has been clinically associated with PE, the mechanisms linking this signaling pathway to overall disease pathophysiology are not well understood. This study provides compelling evidence that mechanistically links reduced IL-33 with the inflammatory response and vascular dysfunction observed in response to placental ischemia, such as in PE. Data presented in this study submit the IL-33 signaling pathway as a possible therapeutic target for the treatment of PE.
Perinatal famine is associated with excess risk of proliferative retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes.; PURPOSE: Intrauterine undernutrition is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes. Children born premature or small for gestational age were reported to have abnormal retinal vascularization. However, whether intrauterine famine act as a trigger for diabetes complications, including retinopathy, is unknown. The aim of the current study was to evaluate long-term effects of perinatal famine on the risk of proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR). METHODS: We studied the risk for PDR among type 2 diabetes patients exposed to perinatal famine in two independent cohorts: the Ukrainian National Diabetes Registry (UNDR) and the Hong Kong Diabetes Registry (HKDR). We analysed individuals born during the Great Famine (the Holodomor, 1932-1933) and the WWII (1941-1945) famine in 101 095 (3601 had PDR) UNDR participants. Among 3021 (251 had PDR) HKDR participants, we studied type 2 diabetes patients exposed to perinatal famine during the WWII Japanese invasion in 1942-1945. RESULTS: During the Holodomor and WWII, perinatal famine was associated with a 1.76-fold (p = 0.019) and 3.02-fold (p = 0.001) increased risk of severe PDR in the UNDR. The risk for PDR was 1.66-fold elevated among individuals born in 1942 in the HKDR (p < 0.05). The associations between perinatal famine and PDR remained statistically significant after corrections for HbA1c in available 18 507 UNDR (p(additive interaction)  < 0.001) and in 3021 HKDR type 2 diabetes patients (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, type 2 diabetes patients, exposed to perinatal famine, have increased risk of PDR compared to those without perinatal famine exposure. Further studies are needed to understand the underlying mechanisms and to extend this finding to other diabetes complications.
Neonatalogist-performed echography in neonatology: a Tunisian experience.; INTRODUCTION: Echocardiography is an important tool for diagnosis of cardiac abnormalities that can impact the management and outcome of the sick newborn in the intensive care unit. A preliminary echocardiogram performed by the neonatologist under the supervision of a paediatric cardiologist for interpretation and review is an alternate when there is not a cardiologist on site. The aim of this study was to evaluate frequency of use, neonatal characteristics, and indications of neonatologist-performed echocardiography in a Tertiary Neonatal Care Centre in Tunisia. METHODS: Prospective observational study in a tertiary Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) in Monastir (Tunisia) from April 2015 to February 2017.An echocardiography was indicated in these situations: cyanosis, signs of circulatory shock, clinical signs of heart failure, presence of a murmur, arrhythmia, and abnormal pulses in upper and/or lower extremities, suspected persistent pulmonary hypertension in neonates, clinically suspected patent ductus arteriosus, maternal diabetes mellitus and polymalformative syndrome. The findings of echocardiography were confirmed by pediatric cardiologist in case of structural or functional cardiac abnormalities. RESULTS: 675 echocardiography were performed among them 535 were normal and 25 revealed a persistent arterial duct treated with E2 postaglandins (Prostine®) or paracetamol according to a pre-established protocol. 80 Congenital heart diseases were retained, which represented an incidence of 7 ‰ live births. The second time of our work consisted to study the 55 cases of cardiac diseases confirmed after exclusion of atrial communication. The antenatal diagnosis was made in 11% of cases. The main signs indicating the echocardiogram were the heart murmur (22 cases) followed by cyanosis (6 cases). A malformation association and / or a chromosomal aberration have been noted in 36% of cases. For half of the patients, the cardiac ultrasound was performed before the first 24 hours of life. This examination was completed by a thoracic angioscan in 9 patients. 31% of newborns had an infusion of Prostaglandins for an average duration of 11 days [2-60 days]. One-third of newborns (35 cases) required respiratory assistance. A palliative surgery was made in 7 cases and curative one in 4 cases. The average age at the time of the intervention was 20 days. The neonatal mortality rate was 40%. CONCLUSION: Echocardiography is being utilized progressively on the neonatal unit, and has been indicated to have a high return for both structural and functional cardiac abnormalities. It is important to encourage collaboration with pediatric cardiologists to establish standards for training and to develop guidelines for clinical practice in order to improve neonatal care.
Sex-specific differences in cardiovascular risk factors and implications for cardiovascular disease prevention in women.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality for women globally. Sex differences exist in the relative risks conferred by traditional CVD risk factors, including diabetes, hypertension, obesity, and smoking. Additionally, there are female-specific risk factors, including age of menarche and menopause, polycystic ovary syndrome, infertility and the use of assisted reproductive technology, spontaneous pregnancy loss, parity, and adverse pregnancy outcomes, as well as female-predominant conditions such as autoimmune diseases, migraines, and depression, that enhance women's cardiovascular risk across the lifespan. Along with measurement of traditional risk factors, these female-specific factors should also be ascertained as a part of cardiovascular risk assessment to allow for a more comprehensive overview of the risk for developing cardiometabolic disorders and CVD. When present, these factors can identify women at elevated cardiovascular risk, who may benefit from more intensive preventive interventions, including lifestyle changes and/or pharmacotherapy such as statins. This review describes sex differences in traditional risk factors and female-specific/female-predominant risk factors for CVD and examines the role of coronary artery calcium scores and certain biomarkers that can help further risk stratify patients and guide preventive recommendations.
Can increasing years of schooling reduce type 2 diabetes (T2D)?: Evidence from a Mendelian randomization of T2D and 10 of its risk factors.; A focus in recent decades has involved examining the potential causal impact of educational attainment (schooling years) on a variety of disease and life-expectancy outcomes. Numerous studies have broadly revealed a link suggesting that as years of formal schooling increase so too does health and wellbeing; however, it is unclear whether the associations are causal. Here we use Mendelian randomization, an instrumental variables technique, with a two-sample design, to probe whether more years of schooling are causally linked to type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 10 of its attendant risk factors. The results revealed a protective effect of more schooling years against T2D (odds ratio = 0.39; 95% confidence interval: 0.26, 0.58; P = 3.89 × 10(-06)), which in turn might be partly mediated by more years of schooling being protective against the following: having a father with T2D, being overweight, having higher blood pressure and higher levels of circulating triglycerides, and having lower levels of HDL cholesterol. More schooling years had no effect on risk for gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome and was associated with a decreased likelihood of moderate physical activity. These findings imply that strategies to retain adults in higher education may help reduce the risk for a major source of metabolic morbidity and mortality.
The prognosis of pregnancy in women with chronic hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to assess pregnancy outcomes in women with chronic hypertension from a population with a perinatal mortality of 12 in 1000. STUDY DESIGN: A longitudinal cohort study was performed between 1987 and 1991 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. RESULTS: A total of 337 pregnancies in 298 women with chronic hypertension were followed up. The following outcomes were statistically more frequent in the hypertensive women than in the general population (p < 0.01): perinatal mortality (45/1000 vs 12/1000), preeclampsia (21.2% vs 2.3%), premature delivery (34.4% vs 15.0%), small-for-gestational-age newborns (15.5% vs 6.3%), primary cesarean sections (29.6% vs 14.2%), and gestational diabetes (33.1% vs 12.0%). Preeclampsia was associated with prematurity, small-for-gestational-age newborns, cesarean section, and neonatal complications. Even without superimposed preeclampsia hypertensive women had significantly higher frequencies of perinatal death (29/1000) and small-for-gestational-age newborns (10.5%) than did normotensive women (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In our population women with chronic hypertension with or without superimposed preeclampsia, have a higher incidence of perinatal death and small-for-gestational-age newborns than the general population does.
Neonatal and Maternal Outcomes in Pregnant Women With Cardiac Disease.; Background Pregnant women with underlying heart disease ( HD ) are at increased risk for adverse maternal, obstetric, and neonatal outcomes. Methods and Results Inpatient maternal delivery admissions and linked neonatal stays for women with cardiomyopathy, adult congenital HD, pulmonary hypertension ( PH ), and valvular HD were explored utilizing the Statewide Planning and Research Cooperative System (New York), January 1, 2000, through December 31, 2014, with the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM). Maternal major adverse cardiac events, neonatal adverse clinical events ( NACE ), and obstetric complications were recorded. Outcomes were compared using multiple logistic regression modeling. Among 2 284 044 delivery admissions, 3871 women had HD ; 676 (17%) had cardiomyopathy, 1528 (40%) had valvular HD, 1367 (35%) had adult congenital HD, and 300 (8%) had PH . Major adverse cardiac events occurred in 16.1% of women with HD , with most in the cardiomyopathy (45.9%) and PH (25%) groups. NACE was more common in offspring of women with HD (18.4% versus 7.1%), with most in the cardiomyopathy (30.0%) and PH (25.0%) groups. Increased risk of NACE was noted for women with HD (odds ratio [ OR ]: 2.8; 95% confidence interval [ CI ], 2.5-3.0), with the highest risk for those with cardiomyopathy ( OR : 5.9; 95% CI , 5.0-7.0) and PH ( OR : 4.5; 95% CI , 3.4-5.9). Preeclampsia ( OR : 5.1; 95% CI , 3.0-8.6), major adverse cardiac events ( OR : 2.3; 95% CI , 1.8-2.9), preexisting diabetes mellitus ( OR : 4.3; 95% CI , 1.5-12.3), and obstetric complications ( OR : 2.9; 95% CI , 1.7-5.2) were independently associated with higher NACE risk. Conclusions Neonatal complications were higher in offspring of pregnant women with HD , particularly cardiomyopathy and PH . Preeclampsia, major adverse cardiac events, obstetric complications, and preexisting diabetes mellitus were independently associated with a higher risk of NACE .
Mechanisms of estrogen effects on the endothelium: an overview.; In this review, we aim to provide an overview of the recent advances in understanding estrogen effects on the vascular endothelium. Epidemiological studies suggest the female sex hormone estrogen mediates the relative protection of premenopausal women against cardiovascular disease, compared with age-matched men. However, results from clinical trials of exogenous estrogen supplementation in postmenopausal women have been disappointing, generating much controversy about the role of estrogen and demonstrating the need for further research in this field. Here we have discussed the roles of different estrogen receptors (ERs) such as ERα, ERβ, and G-protein coupled receptor 30; the complex genomic and nongenomic signalling pathways downstream to ER activation and the factors such as age, menopause, pregnancy, and diabetes that might alter estrogen responses. The common themes of this discussion are the complexity and diversity of endothelial estrogen responses and their modulation by 1 or more coexisting factors. Finally, we summarize the emerging therapeutic options including improved targeting of individual ERs and signalling pathways that might maximize the therapeutic potential of estrogenic compounds while minimizing their harmful side effects.
Exercise and type 2 diabetes: the American College of Sports Medicine and the American Diabetes Association: joint position statement.; Although physical activity (PA) is a key element in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes, many with this chronic disease do not become or remain regularly active. High-quality studies establishing the importance of exercise and fitness in diabetes were lacking until recently, but it is now well established that participation in regular PA improves blood glucose control and can prevent or delay type 2 diabetes, along with positively affecting lipids, blood pressure, cardiovascular events, mortality, and quality of life. Structured interventions combining PA and modest weight loss have been shown to lower type 2 diabetes risk by up to 58% in high-risk populations. Most benefits of PA on diabetes management are realized through acute and chronic improvements in insulin action, accomplished with both aerobic and resistance training. The benefits of physical training are discussed, along with recommendations for varying activities, PA-associated blood glucose management, diabetes prevention, gestational diabetes mellitus, and safe and effective practices for PA with diabetes-related complications.
Elevated serum levels of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A in type 2 diabetics compared to healthy controls: associations with subclinical atherosclerosis parameters.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with increased inflammation and accelerated atherosclerosis. The association of the pro-inflammatory and potentially pro-atherosclerotic molecule, pregnancy associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) with diabetes and vascular diseases remains to be further established. A total of 107 patients with type 2 diabetes and 101 healthy controls participated in this study. Serum levels of PAPP-A was measured by Enzyme-linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA). We also evaluated the lipid profile, aortic augmentation index, coronary calcium score, ankle brachial index, flow mediated dilation, and carotid intima media thickness. Serum level of PAPP-A was significantly higher in patients with diabetes compared to controls (P<0.001). In the multivariable regression analysis, PAPP-A was positively correlated with diabetes (P<0.001), aortic augmentation index (P=0.021) and was negatively associated with coronary calcification (P=0.050). In conclusion, serum levels of PAPP-A were significantly higher in diabetics compared to healthy controls and correlated with aortic augmentation index and coronary calcification. Our study results suggest that PAPP-A can be a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with diabetes.
Aquaporin-related disorders of water homeostasis.; The discovery of four major water channels in the kidney, namely aquaporins (AQP) 1, 2, 3 and 4, has allowed a substantial increase in our understanding of renal water regulation in health and disease. This review discusses the renal aquaporin water channels in the urinary dilution and concentrating defects in cardiac failure, cirrhosis, syndrome of inappropriate hormone secretion, pregnancy, hypothyroidism, isolated glucocorticoid deficiency, isolated mineralocorticoid deficiency, primary polydipsia, acquired and genetic nephrogenic diabetes insipidus.
The epidemiology of low-grade chronic systemic inflammation and type 2 diabetes.; The fattening of the human species and the accompanying emergence of the metabolic syndrome and of type 2 diabetes as remarkably frequent clinical entities are among the major epidemiologic events of our time. Control of the diabetes epidemic requires a greater understanding of the pathophysiologic processes underlying these phenomena. Many epidemiologic studies have now shown associations between inflammation markers and diabetes, with the most consistent being for leukocytes and the strongest being for C-reactive protein. Consistent protective associations have also been reported for adiponectin, an adipocyte secretory protein with antiinflammatory actions. Although great variability is seen between reported associations, as a whole these studies suggest a role for inflammation linked to obesity. The variability reported is in part due to differences in model adjustment, in how diabetes was ascertained, and in the different means used to operationalize the concept of low-grade chronic systemic inflammation. It is also due, in part, to sample characterization, as findings are heterogeneous across some subgroups, such as those defined by smoking. Consistent with their association with type 2 diabetes, inflammation markers have also be shown to predict conditions present in the prediabetes state such as weight gain, hypertension, gestational diabetes, and decline in insulin sensitivity.
Intimate partner violence during pregnancy and adverse neonatal outcomes in low-income women.; BACKGROUND: Intimate partner violence (IPV) affects an estimated 1.5 million U.S. women annually. IPV impacts maternal and neonatal health with higher rates of depression and low birth weight (LBW). Less studied is experiencing IPV and delivering a small for gestational age (SGA) baby. SGA neonates are at increased risk of developmental and behavioral problems. The negative sequelae persist into adulthood with increased rates of diabetes mellitus and coronary heart disease. METHODS: In a sample of 239 pregnant women experiencing IPV, in urban and rural settings, we examined cross-sectional associations of severity of IPV and neonatal outcomes (i.e., birth weight and gestational age). Severity of IPV was measured by the Conflict Tactics Scale 2 and neonatal outcomes were collected at the time of delivery. RESULTS: Outcomes were collected on 194 neonates; 14.9% (n=29) were classified as LBW, 19.1% (n=37) classified as SGA, and 9.8% (n=19) as LBW and SGA. Women reporting higher severity of IPV during pregnancy had a greater likelihood of delivering an SGA neonate (odds ratio [OR] 4.81; 95% confidence interval [95% CI] 1.86-12.47), and LBW neonate (OR 4.20; 95% CI 1.46-12.10). CONCLUSIONS: In a sample of pregnant women experiencing perinatal IPV, women experiencing greater severities of IPV were more likely to deliver a neonate with an adverse outcome. Early recognition and intervention of IPV is essential to reduce disparities in birth outcomes and long-term health outcomes for these neonates.
Video Consultations Between Patients and Clinicians in Diabetes, Cancer, and Heart Failure Services: Linguistic Ethnographic Study of Video-Mediated Interaction.; BACKGROUND: Video-mediated clinical consultations offer potential benefits over conventional face-to-face in terms of access, convenience, and sometimes cost. The improved technical quality and dependability of video-mediated consultations has opened up the possibility for more widespread use. However, questions remain regarding clinical quality and safety. Video-mediated consultations are sometimes criticized for being not as good as face-to-face, but there has been little previous in-depth research on their interactional dynamics, and no agreement on what a good video consultation looks like. OBJECTIVE: Using conversation analysis, this study aimed to identify and analyze the communication strategies through which video-mediated consultations are accomplished and to produce recommendations for patients and clinicians to improve the communicative quality of such consultations. METHODS: We conducted an in-depth analysis of the clinician-patient interaction in a sample of video-mediated consultations and a comparison sample of face-to-face consultations drawn from 4 clinical settings across 2 trusts (1 community and 1 acute care) in the UK National Health Service. The video dataset consisted of 37 recordings of video-mediated consultations (with diabetes, antenatal diabetes, cancer, and heart failure patients), 28 matched audio recordings of face-to-face consultations, and fieldnotes from before and after each consultation. We also conducted 37 interviews with staff and 26 interviews with patients. Using linguistic ethnography (combining analysis of communication with an appreciation of the context in which it takes place), we examined in detail how video interaction was mediated by 2 software platforms (Skype and FaceTime). RESULTS: Patients had been selected by their clinician as appropriate for video-mediated consultation. Most consultations in our sample were technically and clinically unproblematic. However, we identified 3 interactional challenges: (1) opening the video consultation, (2) dealing with disruption to conversational flow (eg, technical issues with audio and/or video), and (3) conducting an examination. Operational and technological issues were the exception rather than the norm. In all but 1 case, both clinicians and patients (deliberately or intuitively) used established communication strategies to successfully negotiate these challenges. Remote physical examinations required the patient (and, in some cases, a relative) to simultaneously follow instructions and manipulate technology (eg, camera) to make it possible for the clinician to see and hear adequately. CONCLUSIONS: A remote video link alters how patients and clinicians interact and may adversely affect the flow of conversation. However, our data suggest that when such problems occur, clinicians and patients can work collaboratively to find ways to overcome them. There is potential for a limited physical examination to be undertaken remotely with some patients and in some conditions, but this appears to need complex interactional work by the patient and/or their relatives. We offer preliminary guidance for patients and clinicians on what is and is not feasible when consulting via a video link. INTERNATIONAL REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER (IRRID): RR2-10.2196/10913.
Intrauterine and life course factors in the aetiology of adult cardiovascular disease.; International comparisons of age-adjusted coronary heart disease mortality show the high rates in the eastern and northern Europe, and northern Finland belongs to the areas with the highest rates. This stresses the importance of further studies on the determinants of the disease in this area. There is growing evidence to suggest that patterns of early growth and other life course factors play an important role in the origins and development of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but understanding the processes which mediate these effects is limited. Low birth weight and some other birth measures are related to increased CVD mortality, hypertension and type 2 diabetes, even though inconsistencies between and within the studies exist. With the present available evidence there is a need to address the key issues of possible confounding of perinatal and early life measures with those in later life in relation to the CVD risk. There is a need to replicate studies and establish new ones by assembling cohorts where indicators of prenatal and postnatal growth have been previously recorded drawn from different populations living under different conditions.
Perinatal complications and live-birth outcomes following assisted reproductive technology: a retrospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: With the development of assisted reproductive technology (ART) and its increasing success rate in the mainland of China, more attention has been paid to the safety of ART. In this study, we explored the associations between conception by ART and pregnancy/perinatal complications, and neonatal outcomes compared with similar outcomes following spontaneous conception. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study of pregnancies over a 3-year period (2013-2015) was performed at Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital, Beijing, China. Subjects were divided into two groups: conception by ART (n = 2256) or spontaneous conception (n = 6768). According to different fertilization modes, the ART group was divided into in vitro fertilization (IVF, n = 1873) and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI, n = 383) subgroups. The ART group was also divided into two different embryo transfer methods; fresh embryo transfer (ET, n = 1583) and frozen embryo transfer (FET, n = 673) subgroups. Pregnancy complications, perinatal complications, and neonatal outcomes of the enrolled subjects were investigated and analyzed by univariate analysis and multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: After adjustment for maternal age, gravidity, parity, maternal education, smoking, alcohol consumption, and body mass index (BMI), pregnancies conceived by ART were associated with a significantly increased incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; OR 1.88, 95% CI 1.56-2.27), gestational hypertension (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.83-2.60), and intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (OR 2.79, 95% CI 2.15-3.64), compared with spontaneous conception. These associations were similar for the singleton group. In the twin group, only the incidence of ICP was significantly higher than in controls. We found that pregnancies conceived by ART were associated with perinatal complications, including placental abruption (OR 2.14, 95% CI 1.33-3.45), premature rupture of membranes (PROM; OR 1.24, 95% CI 1.06-1.45), postpartum hemorrhage (OR 2.89, 95% CI 2.33-3.59) and polyhydramnios (OR 2.01, 95% CI 1.29-3.16). The singleton group had a similar result with placental abruption, but not with fetal membranes ruptures before labor and polyhydramnios. There were no significant differences in the incidence of these perinatal complications in the twin group. Some neonatal outcomes, including preterm labor (OR 4.29, 95% CI 3.84-4.80) and low birth weight (OR 1.72, 95% CI 1.42-2.08), were more likely to occur with singleton births after ART. However, there were no significant differences for these outcomes from twin pregnancies. Perinatal complications and neonatal outcomes were consistent between the IVF and ICSI subgroups. The FET and ET subgroups showed a similar increase in complications, except for the incidence of placental abruption. After taking into account the effects of parity, birth plurality and maternal age, the ART group still exhibited increased maternal and neonatal complications, although some differences narrowed or disappeared. CONCLUSIONS: This retrospective cohort study demonstrated that patients who underwent ART were at increased risk of several adverse pregnancy outcomes compared with women who conceived spontaneously. These complications may be attributed in part to the relatively high multiple pregnancy rate after ART. Elective single embryo transfer should be promoted in China to reduce the obstetrical risks of ART pregnancy. Singletons of ART pregnancy exhibited increased maternal and neonatal complications as well, suggesting that underlying infertility or other maternal or parental factors may contribute to the adverse outcomes.
[Factors associated with gestational hypertension and preeclampsia].; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive complications in pregnancy are a cause of morbidity and mortality. Previous studies have identified similarities and differences in risk factors of hypertensive complications during pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: Determine factors associated with gestational hypertension (HTG) and those related to preeclampsia (PEE). PATIENTS AND METHODS: Case-control study. We included women who completed pregnancy without complications (n=260) and were diagnosed with HTG (n=65) and PEE (n=65). We excluded patients with gestational or pre-pregnancy diabetes, thyroid disease (hypo and hyperthyroidism), autoimmune diseases (lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis) or diagnosed with heart disease or neuropathy before pregnancy. RESULTS: There were similarities in the risk factors such as: age over 35 years (OR 8.8, 95% CI 2.91-22.40), previous HTG (OR 64.16 95% CI 13.04-315.57) in case of patients with PEE. But we found a difference in the magnitude of these associations as odds ratios (OR) estimates were higher than in patients with HTG, age over 35 years (OR 3.33, 95% CI 1.03-10.72), and previous HTG (OR 27.27 95% CI 5.60-132.87). First-time pregnant women showed similar associations (OR 3.11 95% CI 1.52-6.38) in case of PEE or HTG (OR 3.14 95% CI 1.65-5.97). CONCLUSION: There are similarities in risk factors: maternal age--35 years, previous gestational hypertension and first-time pregnancy, for the development of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
The origins of health and disease: the influence of maternal diseases and lifestyle during gestation.; According to the Barker hypothesis, the period of pregnancy and the intrauterine environment are crucial to the tendency to develop diseases like hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, metabolic disorders, pulmonary, renal and mental illnesses. The external environment affects the development of a particular phenotype suitable for an environment with characteristics that closely resemble intrauterine conditions. If the extra-uterine environment differs greatly from the intra-uterine one, the fetus is more prone to develop disease. Subsequent studies have shown that maternal diseases like depression and anxiety, epilepsy, asthma, anemia and metabolic disorders, like diabetes, are able to determine alterations in growth and fetal development. Similarly, the maternal lifestyle, particularly diet, exercise and smoking during pregnancy, have an important role in determining the risk to develop diseases that manifest themselves both during childhood and particularly in adulthood. Finally, there are abundant potential sources of pollutants, both indoor and outdoor, in the environment in which the child lives, which can contribute to an increased probability to the development of several diseases and that in some cases could be easily avoided.
Hospital morbidity in the Fiji islands with special reference to the saccharine disease.; The concept of the excessive consumption of carbohydrates as a cause of many diseases of civilisation has previously been proposed under the name of the 'saccharine disease'. A review of the hospital morbidity figures for these diseases in a divisional hospital in the Fiji Islands is presented. The hospital serves a population comprised of Indians and Fijians, suggesting comparison with the province of Natal, South Africa. Indians have a higher incidence of diabetes melitus, myocardial infarction, duodenal ulcer, acute appendicitis, gallstones, renal stones and eclampsia. Their diets differ mainly in the higher consumption of refined fibre-depleted carbohydrates, and it is suggested that the association is compatible with the concept of the "saccharine disease".
Potential Confounders and a Modified Framingham Risk Score for the Prediction of Pregnancy-related Medical Conditions Occurrence among Pregnant Women: A Retrospective Study from Baghdad, Iraq.; BACKGROUND: The incidence of pregnancy-related medical conditions relied on a set of potential factors that could be available even before the term of pregnancy and may be associated with poor outcomes later in life. This study aimed to investigate the association between some potential predictive factors related to maternal, gestational, and clinical parameters and the incidence of pregnancy-related medical conditions in a sample of Iraqi pregnant women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective, observational, single-center study was carried out on 92 pregnant women during their routine visit to the obstetric clinic in a certain distinct of Baghdad province, Iraq. Demographic, gestational, and clinical records of the participants were collected and analyzed to detect the predictive factors for pregnancy-related medical conditions. RESULTS: 56.5% of the participants were at a gestational age of 25-37 weeks. 32.6% complained of pregnancy-related medical conditions, mainly gestational hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Pregnant women with pregnancy-related medical conditions were significantly correlated with a family history (P < 0.0001), previous gestational medical conditions (P < 0.001), diastolic blood pressure (P = 0.0011), different lipid panels (P = 0.0001), and maternal blood phenotype O (P = 0.0001). CONCLUSION: Some predictive factors related to maternal, gestational, and health characteristics are correlated with the incidence of pregnancy-related medical conditions. Interventions to adjust and recognize these confounders are essentials even before pregnancy which could improve maternal health and reduce the overall risk of pregnancy-related medical conditions.
The Association between Gestational Diabetes and the Microbiome: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Gestational diabetes, affecting about 10% of pregnancies, is characterized by impaired glucose regulation and can lead to complications for health of pregnant women and their offspring. The microbiota, the resident microbes within the body, have been linked to the development of several metabolic conditions. This systematic review with meta-analysis aims to summarize the evidence on the differences in microbiota composition in pregnant women with gestational diabetes and their offspring compared to healthy pregnancies. A thorough search was conducted in the PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases, and data from 21 studies were analyzed utilizing 41 meta-analyses. In the gut microbiota, Bifidobacterium and Alistipes were found to be more abundant in healthy pregnancies, while Roseburia appears to be more abundant in gestational diabetes. The heterogeneity among study findings regarding the microbiota in the meconium is considerable. The placental microbiota exhibited almost no heterogeneity, with an increased abundance of Firmicutes in the gestational diabetes group and a higher abundance of Proteobacteria in the control. The role of the microbiota in gestational diabetes is reinforced by these findings, which additionally point to the potential of microbiome-targeted therapies. To completely comprehend the interactions between gestational diabetes and the microbiome, standardizing methodologies and further research is necessary.
Impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes on brain vascular health and cognition.; A State of the Art lecture titled "Impact of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes on Brain Vascular Health and Cognition" was presented at the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress in 2023. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, encompassing conditions such as gestational hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, stillbirth, and gestational diabetes, may form part of an underrecognized pathway from early adulthood reproductive health factors to later-life vascular cognitive impairment and dementia in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are caused by dysregulated vascular and metabolic adaptations during pregnancy, and these pathophysiological changes may persist after delivery. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may contribute to the increased risk of cognitive impairment and dementia directly through vascular and metabolic dysregulation and subsequent development of cardiovascular diseases, or other biological processes may be at play, such as shared maternal risk factors. Extensive epidemiologic evidence has shown that many cognitive impairment and dementia cases may be prevented or delayed by strategies targeting midlife cardiovascular health. Despite the recognized importance of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular health, the literature on associated long-term health outcomes is limited. In this State of the Art review article, we summarize the current epidemiologic evidence on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cognitive impairment and dementia and provide an overview of the potential pathophysiological mechanisms. Finally, we summarize relevant new data on this topic presented during the 2023 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress.
[Neonatal arteriovenous thrombosis: report of a case].; Limb vascular thrombosis is a severe, rare entity, often needing invasive surgery and sometimes leading to loss of function. An infant with in utero arteiro-venous thrombosis is reported. CASE REPORT: The baby, a female infant, was born at 34 weeks from a mother affected by gestational diabetes. She was referred to Neonatal Care Unit because of mild respiratory distress syndrome. She had no malformations. Spontaneous acute ischemia of right upper limb was noticed soon after admission: the limb appeared pale, cold, atonic and areflexic; no signs were noticed on it. Axillary artery and vein thromboses were soon confirmed by ultrasonography and arteriography. Intravenous administration of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator was carried on for 36 hours and followed by heparin and antithrombin III administration. Partial revascularization was obtained after a few hours: at the beginning of the treatment the limb became cyanotic, then edematous and finally the normal colour appeared everywhere but in the hand, was it became visible after a few days, when edema was reabsorbed. No recurrence of thrombosis occurred with heparin prophylaxis. Pain was treated with analgesic therapy, and motor impairment required physiotherapy. The doppler ultrasonographies which were performed subsequently confirmed a complete revascularization of axillary artery and vein. Coagulation and metabolic parameters (clotting tests, protein C, protein S, prothrombin, aminoacids) were studied but disorders predisposing to thrombosis were not found both in the patient and in her parents. CONCLUSION: Early identification of limb vascular thrombosis through external symptoms is very important, as it can avoid invasive surgical procedures.
["Heart, arteries and women" an innovative care pathway for women at high risk: First evaluation at one year].; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular diseases remain the first cause of death in women. To improve women's health cardiologists and gynaecologists should work together on women's specific cardiovascular risk factor. METHOD: Our study evaluated a care pathway named "heart, arteries and women". One hundred and ninety-one women were included for vascular (n=55) or hypertensive (n=136) explorations from January the first to December the 31st of 2013. We studied their clinical presentation and medical management. RESULTS: All women were at high cardiovascular risk (38% of them at very high risk). The average age was 52 years old. A woman on three had experienced high blood pressure or diabetes during pregnancy. One on two was postmenopausal woman. We stopped twelve estrogen-progesterone contraceptions; 60% didn't have gynaecological follow-up; 146 had high blood pressures (73% at night, 50% had no dipping blood pressure profile and 15 were newly diagnosed for hypertension). Sleep apnoea syndrome was suspected in half women. Medical therapies were optimized especially for women with atheroma in which 30 to 46% were properly treated (P=0.0005). Only 18% of the gynecologists received conclusive reports. CONCLUSION: At one year, our care pathway "heart, arteries and women" allowed to optimize medical therapy and clinical management. Everyone should be aware of this program.
Pathophysiology of insulin resistance in small for gestational age subjects: a role for adipose tissue?; Over the last 15 years a number of long-term health risks associated with reduced fetal growth have been identified, including cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, dyslipidemia, or type 2 diabetes. A common feature of these conditions is insulin resistance, which is thought to play a pathogenic role. However, despite abundant data in the literature, it is still difficult to trace the pathway by which fetal events, environmental or not, may lead to the increased morbidity later in life. To explain this association, several hypotheses have been proposed pointing to the role of either a detrimental fetal environment or a genetic susceptibility or an interaction between the two and of the particular dynamic changes in adiposity that occur during catch-up growth. The relative impact of early postnatal events in relation to fetal growth has to be considered for designing health policy strategies for early interventions aimed at decreasing the diseases risk throughout life.
Maternal immunization affects in utero programming of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes.; Maternal immunization with oxidized lipoproteins prior to pregnancy protects against atherogenic in utero programming by gestational hypercholesterolemia and enhances beneficial lymphocyte-dependent immune responses in offspring. To determine whether in utero programming and immunomodulation also affect insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 diabetes, we investigated the effects of immunization on glucose and insulin responses in LDL receptor-deficient mice fed regular or 60% sucrose diets, as well as in offspring fed 0.5% cholesterol or 60% sucrose diets. IR was assessed by fasting glucose and insulin levels, oral glucose tolerance tests, glucose clamps, pancreatic immunohistochemistry and plasma free fatty acid concentrations. Immunizations improved glucose responses in both genders and protected both immunized mice and their offspring against IR and type 2 diabetes. Protection occurred even under euglycemic conditions, but was greatest in obese males exposed to very obesogenic/diabetogenic conditions. Hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamps confirmed that maternal immunization protected mainly by reducing IR, but pancreatic immunocytochemistry also indicated some protection against beta cell damage. Maternal immunization was associated with marked regulation in offspring of 4 genes relevant to diabetes and 19 genes of importance for oxidative stress, as well as increased hepatic activities of key antioxidant enzymes. These findings establish that targeted immunomodulation may be used to protect immunized subjects and their offspring against IR and type 2 diabetes, and thus to reduce cardiovascular risk. They also support the notion that in utero programming influences offspring disease not by a single mechanism, but by multiple systemic effects.
Factors Associated With Influenza Vaccination During Pregnancy: A Real-World Evidence-Based Study.; Pregnant women are at increased risk of influenza-related complications. However, the rate of influenza vaccination among pregnant women in Taiwan is low. By analyzing real-world data in this study, we investigated the factors associated with influenza vaccination during pregnancy in Taiwan. This study was a cross-sectional study. We collected real-world data from 2 databases in Taiwan: the Birth Certificate Database and the National Health Insurance Research Database. The study population was pregnant between October 2014 and December 2016 in Taiwan. The multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify factors associated with influenza vaccination, including maternal sociodemographics, trimester, comorbidities, and health-care utilization. The vaccination rate of among pregnant women was 8.2%. Factors significantly associated with a high likelihood of influenza vaccination were age between 30 and 34 years (odds ratio [OR]: 1.14; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.10-1.19), second trimester (OR: 1.80; 95% CI: 1.75-1.85), income equal to or exceeding NT$ 38 201 (OR: 1.92; 95% CI: 1.86-1.99), hypertension (OR: 1.16; 95% CI: 1.05-1.29), cardiovascular disease (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.17-1.42), autoimmune disease (OR: 1.47; 95% CI: 1.38-1.58), and chronic pulmonary disease (OR: 1.24; 95% CI: 1.18-1.31). A low level of urbanization, at least 1 hospitalization in the previous year, and the presence of pregnancy complications (eg, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and placenta previa) were associated with a lower likelihood rate of influenza vaccination. The influenza vaccination rate among pregnant women in Taiwan was low. Age, gestational age, income level, urbanization level, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, autoimmune disease, chronic pulmonary disease, and pregnancy complications may be associated with influenza vaccination among pregnant women.
The Standard-Dose Heparin-Warfarin Remedy Partially Resolves Thrombi in the Right Superior Pulmonary Vein and Left Atrium and Ameliorates Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Pulmonary vein thrombosis is common and underdiagnosed. Previously, we reported several cases of pulmonary vein thrombi (PVTs) using cardiac computed tomography (CT) and transesophageal echocardiography (TEE). We reported that warfarin and direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) partially resolved PVTs; however, it is difficult to resolve all PVTs completely. Therefore, we evaluated the effects of standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy on PVTs and left atrium (LA) thrombi using TEE and cardiac CT. A 64-year-old male with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension was assessed for thrombi in the LA and pulmonary veins using TEE and 80-slice multidetector computed tomography (80-MDCT). After one month of standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy, the patient's right superior pulmonary vein (RSPV) thrombi and expanded LA thrombi from the RSPV thrombi had partially resolved. The RSPV thrombi and the expanded LA thrombi from the RSPV thrombi were detected using cardiac CT and TEE; however, they were depicted as black areas on TEE. They periodically moved inward with the patient's heartbeats. Additionally, the standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy ameliorated the patient's T2DM, and the remedy effect could be maintained for five months to some extent by administering a standard dose of warfarin. The standard-dose heparin-warfarin remedy can ameliorate not only T2DM but also diabetic complications such as diabetic nephropathy and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Mild Fetal Tricuspid Regurgitation in the First Trimester as a Predictor of Perinatal Outcomes.; Background and Objectives: This study aimed to investigate whether mild fetal tricuspid regurgitation (TR) at 11(+ 0) to 13(+ 6) weeks of gestation affects perinatal outcomes. Since fetal right ventricular load is associated with placental resistance, we hypothesized that fetal mild TR would be associated with perinatal outcomes as a consequence of abnormal placentation. Materials and Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 435 women with first-trimester scan data. Blood flow across the tricuspid valve was examined in singleton pregnancies between 11(+ 0) and 13(+ 6) weeks of gestation. Women were categorized according to the presence or absence of fetal mild TR, and the maternal and pregnancy characteristics and perinatal outcomes were compared. Multiple linear and logistic regression analyses were conducted to identify independent predictors of perinatal outcome. Results: In the group with mild TR, there were more cases of borderline amniotic fluid index, including oligohydramnios (p = 0.031), and gestational age- and sex-specific birth weights were lower (p = 0.012). There were no significant differences in other perinatal outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and small for gestational age. Gestational diabetes (adjusted odds ratio (OR) 0.514, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.312-0.947) and fetal mild TR (adjusted OR 1.602, 95% CI 1.080-2.384) were identified as factors associated with below borderline amniotic fluid index before birth. The factors that affected gestational age and sex-specific birth weight were also gestational diabetes (adjusted beta coefficient 9.673, p = 0.008) and the presence of fetal mild TR (adjusted beta coefficient -6.593, p = 0.007). Conclusions: Mild fetal TR observed in the first trimester is negatively associated with fetal growth and the amniotic fluid index at term but not with other adverse pregnancy or perinatal outcomes due to abnormal placentation.
Maternal Risk Factors for Stillbirth: A Registry-Based Study.; Background and Objectives: The number of stillbirths has reduced more slowly than has maternal mortality or mortality in children younger than 5 years, which were explicitly targeted in the Millennium Development Goals. Placental pathologies and infection associated with preterm birth are linked to a substantial proportion of stillbirths. Appropriate preconception care and quality antenatal care that is accessible to all women has the potential to reduce stillbirth rates. The aim of the present study was to assess potential risk factors associated with stillbirth within maternal medical diseases and obstetric complications. Materials and Methods: Retrospective cohort study (2001-2014) was used to analyse data from the Medical Birth Register on stillbirth and live births as controls. Adjusted Odds ratios (aOR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated. Multiple regression model adjusted for maternal age, parity and gestational age. Results: The stillbirth rate was 6.2 per 1000 live and stillbirths. The presence of maternal medical diseases greatly increased the risk of stillbirth including diabetes mellitus (aOR = 2.5; p < 0.001), chronic hypertension 3.1 (aOR = 3.1; p < 0.001) and oligohydromnios/polyhydromnios (aOR = 2.4; p < 0.001). Pregnancy complications such as intrauterine growth restriction (aOR = 2.2; p < 0.001) was important risk factor for stillbirth. Abruption was associated with a 2.8 odds of stillbirth. Conclusions: Risk factors most significantly associated with stillbirth include maternal history of chronic hypertension and abruptio placenta which is a common cause of death in stillbirth. Early identification of potential risk factors and appropriate perinatal management are important issues in the prevention of adverse fetal outcomes and preventive strategies need to focus on improving antenatal detection of fetal growth restriction.
Sexual dimorphism on aortic remodelling in rats offspring from diabetic mothers and the role of flaxseed oil in this effect.; Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with aortic remodelling in the fetus, stimulating the development of cardiovascular diseases in adult life. However, studies suggest that the use of foods high in omega-3 fatty acid, such as flaxseed oil, may reverse this effect of metabolic programming. This study aimed at investigating whether the effects of diabetes in mothers are passed on to their offspring in a gender-specific manner and whether the flaxseed oil used during pregnancy and lactation reverses or not the possible negative effects of this programming. Diabetic female rats (n = 18) were mated and allocated into three groups (n = 6): high-fat group (HG); flaxseed oil group (FOG) and control group (CG) (nondiabetic rats) during pregnancy and lactation. On the 21st day, male and female pups were weaned on a standard diet until 180 days. Aorta histomorphometry was analysed. Intima-media layer thickness was larger in FOG than CG in male (+15%) and than HG in female (+13.7%). Male FOG (+11.5%) showed higher amount of elastic fibre than CG. Maternal intake of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation of diabetic mothers program the offspring to increase aorta intima-media layer thickness in adulthood and preserves aorta elastic fibres deposition in male offspring.
Perinatal and Postpartum Health Among People With Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities.; IMPORTANCE: Small, geographically limited studies report that people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have increased risk for serious pregnancy-related and birth-related challenges, including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and increased anxiety and depression, than their peers. United States-based population-level data among people with IDD are lacking. OBJECTIVES: To identify perinatal and postpartum outcomes among a national, longitudinal sample of people with IDD enrolled in public health insurance, compare subgroups of people with IDD, and compare outcomes among people with IDD with those of peers without IDD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This retrospective cohort study used national Medicaid claims from January 1, 2008, to December 31, 2019, for 55 440 birthing people with IDD and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD. Medicaid funds almost half of all births and is the largest behavioral health insurer in the US, covering a robust array of services for people with IDD. Statistical analysis was performed from July 2023 to June 2024. EXPOSURE: People who had a documented birth in Medicaid during the study years. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES: Perinatal outcomes were compared across groups using univariate and multivariate logistic regression. The probability of postpartum anxiety and depression was estimated using Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS: The study sample included 55 440 birthing people with IDD (including 41 854 with intellectual disabilities [ID] and 13 586 with autism; mean [SD] age at first delivery, 24.9 [6.7] years) and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD (mean [SD] age at first delivery, 26.4 [6.3] years). People with IDD were younger at first observed delivery, had a lower prevalence of live births (66.6% vs 76.7%), and higher rates of obstetric conditions (gestational diabetes, 10.3% vs 9.9%; gestational hypertension, 8.7% vs 6.1%; preeclampsia, 6.1% vs 4.4%) and co-occurring physical conditions (heart failure, 1.4% vs 0.4%; hyperlipidemia, 5.3% vs 1.7%; ischemic heart disease, 1.5% vs 0.4%; obesity, 16.3% vs 7.4%) and mental health conditions (anxiety disorders, 27.9% vs 6.5%; depressive disorders, 32.1% vs 7.5%; posttraumatic stress disorder, 9.5% vs 1.2%) than people without IDD. The probability of postpartum anxiety (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR], 3.2 [95% CI, 2.9-3.4]) and postpartum depression (AHR, 2.4 [95% CI, 2.3-2.6]) was significantly higher among autistic people compared with people with ID only and people without IDD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this retrospective cohort study, people with IDD had a younger mean age at first delivery, had lower prevalence of live births, and had poor obstetric, mental health, and medical outcomes compared with people without IDD, pointing toward a need for clinician training and timely delivery of maternal health care. Results highlight needed reproductive health education, increasing clinician knowledge, and expanding Medicaid to ensure access to care for people with IDD.
Diabetes in the Hospital—A Nationwide Analysis of all Hospitalized Cases in Germany With and Without Diabetes, 2015-2017.; BACKGROUND: Comprehensive data on the frequency of diabetes mellitus among hospitalized patients in Germany have not been published to date. METHODS: Among all inpatient cases aged ≥20 years that were documented in the German DRG statistics for 2015-2017, we analyzed the frequencies of five types of diabetes (type 1, type 2, other/pancreatic diabetes, "rare diabetes" with an ICD code of E12 or E14, gestational diabetes) and of prediabetes, stratified by sex and age group. The presence of any of these conditions was ascertained from the corresponding ICD-10 code among the main diagnoses (reasons for admission) or secondary diagnoses. We also compared the length of hospital stay, in-hospital mortality, and the frequency of various categories of main diagnosis in cases with and without diabetes in each age group. RESULTS: In the period 2015-2017, approximately 18% of the 16.4 to 16.7 million inpatient cases carried a main or secondary diagnosis of diabetes (in 2017: type 2, 17.1%; type 1, 0.5%). Diabetes was more common in male cases than in female cases (in 2017: type 2, 19.7% vs. 14.8%; type 1, 0.5% vs. 0.4%). In 2017, the greatest difference in length of hospital stay between patients with and without diabetes was for patients with type 1 diabetes aged 40-49 (7.3 vs. 4.5 days), while the greatest difference in in-hospital mortality was for patients with type 2 diabetes aged 70-79 (3.7% vs. 2.8%). From the age of 30 (age category 30-39), diseases of the cardiovascular system, and from the age of 50 (age category 50-59), diseases of the respiratory or urogenital systems were more frequently listed as a reason for admission in cases with than in those without diabetes. CONCLUSION: The fact that diabetes is twice as prevalent in hospitalized cases as in the general population underscores the high morbidity associated with the disease and the greater need of persons with diabetes for in-hospital care, as the population of multimorbid diabetes patients continues to grow older.
Uterine artery Doppler velocimetry in patients with idiopathic hydramnios.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the role of overdistended uterus on the uterine artery (UA) blood flow velocimetry by comparing UA Doppler in patients with idiopathic hydramnios to patients with normal amniotic fluid (AF) volume. METHODS: Pulsatility index (PI) of both UAs was determined prospectively between 26 and 41 weeks of gestation in 72 consecutive pregnant women with singleton pregnancies and idiopathic hydramnios and in 72 pregnant women with normal AF volume. Hydramnios was defined as an AF index (AFI) above 24 cm. A normal amount of AF was defined as an AFI of 6-24 cm. Patients with known fetal structural or chromosomal anomalies and those with diabetes mellitus were excluded. RESULTS: No significant differences were observed between the groups with regard to maternal age, gravidity, and gestational age at examination. Gestational age at delivery and accordingly birth weight were significantly lower in patients with hydramnios compared to those with a normal AFI (34.9 +/- 2.1 vs. 39.1 +/- 1.2, p < 0.001; 2,508 +/- 399 vs. 2,995 +/- 420, p < 0.001, respectively). No significant differences were noted between right UA PI (0.73 +/- 0.3 in the hydramnios group vs. 0.71 +/- 0.2 in the control group; p = 0.091) and left UA PI (0.91 +/- 0.3 in the hydramnios group vs. 0.84 +/- 0.3 in the control group; p = 0.131) of both groups. CONCLUSION: UA velocimetry in patients with idiopathic hydramnios was not significantly different from those with a normal AF volume.
Hydrops fetalis in the stillborn: a series from the central region of Thailand.; The purpose of this study was to analyze the cause of hydrops fetalis (HF) among fetal deaths in the central region of Thailand. Autopsy reports diagnosed as HF from 1999 to 2008 at King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital were retrieved, and the pathologic findings, clinical information, fetal ultrasonographic studies, and laboratory investigations were reviewed. There were 78 stillborn autopsies during this 10-year period; the mean gestational age was 28 weeks. The causes of fetal hydrops were identified in 88.5%; no cases of immune hydrops were detected. Anemia was the predominant cause of HF (n  =  33; 42.2%): related to homozygous α-thalassemia (n  =  17; 21.8%), twin-twin transfusion syndrome (n  =  8; 10.2%), hemoglobin H (n  =  3; 3.8%), lung hemorrhage (n  =  1; 1.3%), adrenal hemorrhage (n  =  1; 1.3%), and 3 cases of unspecified etiology (3.8%). Other causes of high-output failure included mass lesions resulting in vascular shunting (n  = 2; 2.6%) and 1 case each (1.3% each) of maternal diabetes mellitus, intestinal lymphangiectasia, and Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome. Causes resulting in low-output cardiac failure were congenital heart disease (n  =  16; 20.5%) and thoracic space-occupying lesions (n  =  7; 9%). The remaining causes included fetal infection (n  =  5; 6.4%), congenital abnormalities suggestive of a chromosomal or genetic basis (n  =  2; 2.6%), and 1 case (1.3%) of placental vascular thrombosis. Nine cases (11.5%) had no identifiable cause. Thus, the most common cause of HF in this series was homozygous α-thalassemia, reflecting the geographic location of this series.
[Foetal growth retardation].; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine growth : restriction (IUGR) occurs in 3-10% of all pregnancies : The condition has different adverse effects on the foetus, during childhood and even in adult life. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Literature was retrieved from the Pub Med and Cochrane databases. RESULTS AND INTERPRETATION: The most common limit for IUGR and severe growth restriction is a neonatal weight < 10th percentile. Placental failure, infections or foetal anomalies may cause IUGR before the 32 nd gestational week (early IUGR). Chromosome abnormalities may be the cause of up to 20% of all growth-restricted infants. About 20% of early-onset preeclampsia may cause low birth weight. Up to 10% of infections may also cause IUGR (e.g. HIV, cytomegalovirus, toxoplasmosis, peridontitis, malaria). Monochorial twin pregnancy carries a risk for twin-to-twin transfusion with uneven foetal growth. Systemic vessel diseases (diabetes mellitus with nephropathy and retinopathy, Crohn's disease, systemic lupus erythematosus disseminatus, and antiphospholipid syndrome) may cause growth restriction. The anamnesis and a low symphysis to fundus increment may give suspicion of growth restriction. The diagnosis is verified by ultrasound examination. Preterm delivery carries a risk for neonatal respiratory distress and cerebral haemorrhage. Therefore, two doses of corticosteroid should be given to the mothers in risk of preterm delivery before the 34 th gestational week. Growth restriction between 34 to 37 weeks gestation, associated with serious preeclampsia, is an indication for delivery. Other indications are arrest of foetal growth, pathological cardiotocography or Doppler findings, oligohydramnion or worsening of the maternal condition.
Risk factors for myocardial infarction in young women.; Seventy-seven women discharged from hospital with a diagnosis of myocardial infarction and 207 control patients were investigated. All were under 45 years of age at the time of admission. Heavy cigarette smoking, reported treatment for pre-eclamptic toxaemia, and type II hyperlipoproteinaemia were found to be independent risk factors for myocardial infarction. Reported treatment for hypertension and diabetes are probably also independently associated with subsequent development of the condition, but the associations between myocardial infarction and reported treatment for obesity and psychiatric illness appear to be secondary. Previous publications have suggested that use of oral contraceptives is an independent risk factor. Examination of the effect of several factors combined, suggests that they act synergistically, the presence of three or more factors increasing the risk 128-fold.
[Intrauterine growth retardation--perinatal mortality and postnatal morbidity in a perinatal center].; OBJECTIVES: The intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) contributes specially to perinatal mortality and morbidity. An effective treatment is not yet available. The purpose of this study is to analyse the perinatal data of a cohort with IUGR-infants including mortality and morbidity and to describe prematurity and IUGR as a combination of high risk. STUDY DESIGN: We have analysed the perinatal data of a cohort of 220 patients with IUGR-infants including mortality and morbidity. Regularly we examined fetal ultrasonographic growth, doppler measurements of fetal and maternal vessels and CTG, as well as indicated amniocentesis, placentesis and cordocentesis. Entry criteria were: normal menstrual period before pregnancy, clear gestational age, complete history of pregnancy. RESULTS: At the Department of Gynaecology & Obstetrics, University Hospital, Homburg/Saar, the incidence of IUGR (< 10th Percentile) in premature babies and newborns was 13.1% over five years (1993-1997). The percentage of premature babies with IUGR was 18.6%. The overall mortality was 4.1%, the perinatal mortality was 3.6% and the neonatal mortality was 2.7%. In 1.4% intrauterine foetal death was observed, all associated with a birthweight below the 3th percentile. The average duration of pregnancy was 34 + 4 weeks. A high perinatal mortality of 13.1% and an overall mortality of 14.7% was observed. 11.4% of the premature babies with IUGR showed deformities and about 2% presented chromosome aberrations. 46.4% of children have been transferred to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. 57.1% of the postnatal complications have been related to the lungs, 26.5% to the cardiovascular system and 14.3% to the cerebrum. Maternal complications were referred to: SIH/EPH-gestosis (65.4%), HELLP-syndrome (5.8%), nicotine abuse (31.4%), pregnancy anaemia (17.3%) and gestational diabetes with insuline therapy (7.7%). On the placental site the most noticeable conditions have been placental insufficiency (40.6%) and placental infarction (28.7%). CONCLUSION: Children with IUGR are exposed to high perinatal mortality and postnatal morbidity. Premature babies in association with an IUGR are at high risk. The surveillance of the pregnant women and the new-born children should be performed in a perinatal centre.
Free vs total pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) as a predictor of 1-year outcome in patients presenting with non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: The free fraction of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (FPAPP-A) was found to be the PAPP-A form released to the circulation in acute coronary syndrome (ACS). We estimated the prognostic value of FPAPP-A vs total PAPP-A (TPAPP-A) concentrations in forecasting death and nonfatal myocardial infarction (combined endpoint) in patients with non-ST-elevation ACS. METHODS: We recruited 267 patients hospitalized for symptoms consistent with non-ST-elevation ACS and followed them for 12 months. FPAPP-A, TPAPP-A, C-reactive protein (CRP), and cardiac troponin I (cTnI) were measured at admission; cTnI was also measured at 6-12 h and 24 h. Because of the recently shown interaction between PAPP-A and heparin, we excluded patients treated with any heparin preparations before the admission blood sampling. RESULTS: During the follow-up, 57 (21.3%) patients met the endpoint (22 deaths and 35 nonfatal myocardial infarctions). According to FPAPP-A (<1.27, 1.27-1.74, >1.74 mIU/L) and TPAPP-A (<1.98, 1.98-2.99, >2.99 mIU/L) tertiles, this endpoint was met by 12 (13.5%), 18 (20.2%), 27 (30.3%) (P = 0.02), and 17 (19.1%), 17 (19.1%), 23 (25.8%) (P = 0.54) patients, respectively. After adjusting for age, sex, diabetes, previous myocardial infarction, and ischemic electrocardiogram (ECG) findings, FPAPP-A >1.74 mIU/L [risk ratio (RR) 2.0; 95% CI 1.0-4.1, P = 0.053), increased cTnI, and CRP >/=2.0 mg/L were independent predictors of an endpoint. The prognostic performance of TPAPP-A was inferior to that of FPAPP-A. CONCLUSIONS: FPAPP-A seems to be superior as a prognostic marker compared to TPAPP-A, giving independent and additive prognostic information when measured at the time of admission in patients hospitalized for non-ST-elevation ACS.
Obesity in pregnancy: risks and management.; Maternal obesity is now considered one of the most commonly occurring risk factors seen in obstetric practice. Compared with women with a healthy pre-pregnancy weight, women with obesity are at increased risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, induced labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic complications and wound infections, and they are less likely to initiate or maintain breastfeeding. Babies of obese mothers are at increased risk of stillbirth, congenital anomalies, prematurity, macrosomia and neonatal death. Intrauterine exposure to obesity is also associated with an increased risk of developing obesity and metabolic disorders in childhood. This article reviews the prevalence of obesity in pregnancy and the associated maternal and fetal complications. Recommendations and suggestions for pre-conception, antenatal and postnatal care of women with obesity are presented, and current research in the UK and future research priorities are considered.
Health-Promoting Properties of Selected Cyclitols for Metabolic Syndrome and Diabetes.; Cyclitols play a particularly important role in cell functioning because they are involved in ion channel physiology, phosphate storage, signal transduction, cell wall formation, membrane biogenesis, osmoregulation and they have antioxidant activity. They are involved in the cell membranes as a phosphatidyl myo-inositol, an inositol triphosphate precursor, which acts as a transmitter that regulates the activity of several hormones, such as follicle-stimulating hormone, thyrotropin, and insulin. The aim of this paper is to characterize the selected cyclitols: myo-inositol, D-chiro-inositol, and D-pinitol in type-2 metabolic syndrome and diabetes treatment. Results and discussion: Cyclitols have certain clinical applications in the treatment of metabolic syndromes and are considered to be an option as a dietary supplement for the treatment or prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus and type-2 diabetes. Improved metabolic parameters observed after using cyclitols, like myo-inositol, in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome and type-2 diabetes suggest that they may have a protective effect on the cardiovascular system. Pinitol, together with myo-inositol,maybe responsible for improving lipid profiles by reducing serum triglyceride and total cholesterol. Pinitol is also well-researched and documented for insulin-like effects. Myo-inositol, D-chiro-inositol, and D-pinitol indicate a number of therapeutic and health-promoting properties.
Antepartum and intrapartum risk factors for neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy: a systematic review with meta-analysis.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review literature about risk factors of neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE). RECENT FINDINGS: Search in PubMed, MEDLINE, Embase, Clinicaltrials.gov and reference lists from 1999 to 2018. INCLUSION CRITERIA: study population composed of neonates who manifested HIE within 28 days from delivery, data reported as proportional rate. Studies were excluded if they included preterm pregnancies, postnatal conditions leading to HIE and/or fetal malformations, focused on a single risk factor, were not in English language. PRISMA guidelines were followed. Interstudies heterogeneity was assessed and a random/fixed models were generated as appropriate. Comparison between neonates with HIE vs. controls was performed by calculating odds ratio-95% confidence interval (OR-95% CI). Differences were significant if 95% CI did not encompass 1. Twelve articles were included. Fetuses with growth restriction (OR: 2.87; 95% CI: 1.77-4.67), nonreassuring cardiotocography (OR: 6.38; 95% CI: 2.56-15.93), emergency cesarean section (OR: 3.69; 95% CI: 2.75-4.96), meconium (OR: 3.76; 95% CI: 2.58-5.46) and chorioamnionitis (OR: 3.46: 95% CI: 2.07-5.79) were at higher risk of developing HIE. Nulliparity, gestational diabetes, hypertension, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, male sex, induction of labor, labor augmentation, premature rupture of membrane, and vacuum delivery were not significantly different. SUMMARY: Neonatal HIE has multifactorial origin and its cause is often undetermined and not preventable.PROSPERO (Registration number: CRD42018106563).
Can exercise training rescue the adverse cardiometabolic effects of low birth weight and prematurity?; Being born preterm and/or small for gestational age are well-established risk factors for cardiometabolic disease in adulthood. Physical activity has the potential to mitigate against the detrimental cardiometabolic effects of low birth weight from two perspectives: (i) maternal exercise prior to and during pregnancy; and (ii) exercise during childhood or adulthood for those born small or prematurely. Evidence from epidemiological birth cohort studies suggests that the effects of moderate-intensity physical activity during pregnancy on mean birth weight are small, but reduce the risk of either high or low birth weight infants. In contrast, vigorous and/or high-intensity exercise during pregnancy has been associated with reduced birth weight. In childhood and adolescence, exercise ability is compromised in extremely low birth weight individuals (< 1000 g), but only marginally reduced in those of very low to low birth weight (1000-2500 g). Epidemiological studies show that the association between birth weight and metabolic disease is lost in physically fit individuals and, consistently, that the association between low birth weight and metabolic syndrome is accentuated in unfit individuals. Physical activity intervention studies indicate that most cardiometabolic risk factors respond to exercise in a protective manner, independent of birth weight. The mechanisms by which exercise may protect low birth weight individuals include restoration of muscle mass, reduced adiposity and enhanced β-cell mass and function, as well as effects on both aerobic and anaerobic muscle metabolism, including substrate utilization and mitochondrial function. Vascular and cardiac adaptations are also likely important, but are less well studied.
The Fibrinolytic System in Peripartum Depression.; The relationship between depression and reduced fibrinolytic activity reflects the role of tissue plasminogen activator and plasmin in brain remodeling underlying resilience, depression remission, and reward processing, rather than the dissolution of fibrin clots. Individuals who experience depression demonstrate hippocampal and prefrontal cortex atrophy, as well as impaired neuronal connectivity. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), synthesized as a precursor that is activated through cleavage by tissue plasminogen activator and plasmin, influences adult neurogenesis and neuronal plasticity in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex. Depression is associated with decreased brain levels of BDNF, due to reduced activity of tissue plasminogen activator and plasmin. Tissue plasminogen activator and plasmin also mediate the release of dopamine, a neurotransmitter implicated in motivation and reward. Peripartum depression defines a depressive episode that occurs during pregnancy or in the first month after delivery, reinforcing the concept that postpartum depression may be a continuum of antenatal depression. This article describes the fibrinolytic status in the healthy brain, in stress and depression, emphasizing the links between biological markers of depression and defective fibrinolysis. It also discusses the association between hypofibrinolysis and risk factors for perinatal depression, including polycystic ovary syndrome, early miscarriage, preeclampsia, stressful life events, sedentariness, eating habits, gestational and type 2 diabetes, and antithyroid peroxidase antibodies. In addition, it reviews the evidence that antidepressant medications and interventions as diverse as placebo, psychotherapy, massage, video game playing, regular exercise, dietary modifications, omega 3 fatty acid supplementation, neurohormones, and cigarette smoking may reduce depression by restoring the fibrinolytic activity. Last, it suggests new directions for research.
Effects of BPA substitutes on the prenatal and cardiovascular systems.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a ubiquitous chemical compound constantly being released into the environment, making it one of the most persistent endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC) in nature. This EDC has already been associated with developing various pathologies, such as diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular, renal, and behavioral complications, among others. Therefore, over the years, BPA has been replaced, gradually, by its analog compounds. However, these compounds are structurally similar to BPA, so, in recent years, questions have been raised concerning their safety for human health. Numerous investigations have been performed to determine the effects BPA substitutes may cause, particularly during pregnancy and prenatal life. On the other hand, studies investigating the association of these compounds with the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) have been developed. In this sense, this review summarizes the existing literature on the transgenerational transfer of BPA substitutes and the consequent effects on maternal and offspring health following prenatal exposure. In addition, these compounds' effects on the cardiovascular system and the susceptibility to develop CVD will be presented. Therefore, this review aims to highlight the need to investigate further the safety and benefits, or hazards, associated with replacing BPA with its analogs.
Smoking-induced metabolic disorders: a review.; Smoking is the leading avoidable cause of cardiovascular mortality worldwide. The aim of this report is to briefly review the existing evidence regarding smoking and cardiovascular risk, and to analyze in greater detail the links between tobacco use and metabolic disorders. The evidence so far shows that smoking dose-dependently increases the risk of impaired glucose tolerance, the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and abdominal-type obesity. Although smokers have a lower body mass index than do nonsmokers, recent data show that they have higher waist-to-hip ratios and waist circumferences, established risk factors for cardiovascular disorders-in particular, for coronary heart disease. We propose that smoking may lead not only directly, but also indirectly via these metabolic risk factors, to cardiovascular disorders. As both weight and waist circumference may increase on stopping smoking, further studies are needed to assess whether the post-smoking weight increase and potential changes in waist-to-hip ratio (or waist circumference) have consequences that may reduce the benefits of smoking cessation.
Excessive glucocorticoid exposure during late intrauterine development modulates the expression of cardiac uncoupling proteins in adult hypertensive male offspring.; We investigated the impact of intrauterine growth retardation and fetal programming of hypertension by maternal dexamethasone treatment on cardiac uncoupling protein (UCP) expression during development and in adulthood in the rat. Dexamethasone administered via an indwelling osmotic pump (100 micrograms/kg body mass per day from day 15 of gestation) decreased fetal body mass at day 21 of gestation (by 13%; P < 0.05), elicited significant (+24%, P < 0.01) systolic hypertension and elevated corticosterone levels (+15%; P < 0.05) in adult (24-week-old) male offspring. Cardiac UCP-2 and UCP-3 protein expression was significantly upregulated during early postnatal development, reaching 1.7-fold and 2.7-fold the respective fetal day-21 levels by postnatal day 7 and reaching plateaus at postnatal days 15-21 (2.5-fold and 3.5-fold of respective fetal levels). Cardiac UCP protein expression at fetal day 21 and the ontogeny of cardiac UCP expression during early postnatal life were unaffected by prenatal dexamethasone treatment. Prenatal dexamethasone treatment did not abrogate the postnatal surge in corticosterone levels or modify plasma non-esterified fatty acid (NEFA) levels over this period. However, UCP-2 and UCP-3 protein expression was significantly downregulated in the hearts of adult hypertensive male offspring of dexamethasone-treated mothers (to 27% and 65% of control values respectively). We propose that changes in cardiac UCP protein expression are linked with changes in cardiac metabolic fuel selection (from glucose-->fatty acids at birth and from fatty acids-->glucose during hypertension).
The outcome of patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy and consecutive implantation of a left ventricular assist device.; OBJECTIVES: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of systolic heart failure occurring toward the end of pregnancy or in the period after delivery. Lack of myocardial recovery or therapy-refractory cardiogenic shock are rare complications and left ventricular assist device (LVAD) systems might be used as a life-saving option. The aim of this study was to investigate outcomes of PPCM patients supported with LVAD, registered in the European Registry for Patients with Mechanical Circulatory Support (EUROMACS). METHODS: All patients registered in EUROMACS with a primary diagnosis of PPCM were included in this study. Demographic, preoperative, intraoperative, postoperative, and follow-up data were collected and patients analysed concerning their outcome after initiation of LVAD therapy. RESULTS: Between May 2011 and September 2018, 16 patients with PPCM and consecutive LVAD implantation were enrolled into EUROMACS. The median age of the patient population was 31 (26;41) years with a mean left ventricular ejection fraction (LV-EF) of 15% ± 6%. In-hospital mortality after LVAD implantation was 6% (n = 1). One-year mortality accounted for 13% (n = 2). Six patients (40%) were transplanted with a median support time of 769 (193;1529) days. Weaning of LVAD support due to ventricular recovery was feasible in 3 (20%) patients. CONCLUSION: In patients with severe PPCM, LVAD therapy is associated with considerably low in-hospital mortality, potentially allowing bridging to heart transplantation, or left ventricular recovery. Therefore, durable mechanical support should be considered as a treatment option in this, by nature, young and often otherwise healthy patient population.
PAPP-A and IGFBP-4 fragment levels in patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction treated with heparin and PCI.; OBJECTIVES: Circulating levels of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) predict outcome in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Unfortunately, administration of heparin to patients with ACS increases circulating PAPP-A, probably by a detachment of PAPP-A from cell surfaces, inducing a considerable bias when using PAPP-A as a biomarker. It remains unknown whether PAPP-A-derived N- and C-terminal fragments of insulin-like growth factor binding protein-4 (NT-IGFBP-4/CT-IGFBP-4) are acutely affected by the increase in PAPP-A. METHODS: We prospectively included 78 patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Prior to PCI, patients were injected with 10,000IU of unfractionated heparin (UFH). Blood samples were collected immediately before PCI, but after UFH-injection, immediately after PCI and on day 1 and day 2. Plasma IGFBP-4, CT-IGFBP-4 and NT-IGFBP-4 levels were determined by specific, novel immunoassays, and PAPP-A and IGF-I by commercial immunoassays. RESULTS: Plasma PAPP-A was strongly elevated upon STEMI, UFH-administration and PCI with mean concentrations (95%-confidence interval) pre-PCI, post-PCI, day 1, and day 2 of 13.0 (11.2;15.2), 14.8 (13.1;16.8), 1.03 (0.90;1.18), and 1.08 (0.92;1.28) μg/L, respectively (p<0.0001). Pre-PCI concentrations of IGFBP-4, CT-IGFBP-4 and NT-IGFBP-4 were 154 (142;166), 53 (47;60) and 136 (122;150) μg/L, and levels were unaltered post-PCI. Concentrations increased on day 1 by 63 (43;87)%, 69 (36;110)%, and 47 (21;79)%, respectively (p<0.0001), i.e. at a time point when PAPP-A levels had normalized. CONCLUSION: Plasma IGFBP-4-fragment levels are not acutely altered in patients with STEMI treated with UFH and PCI. Thus, they possess potentials as prognostic markers in ACS patients.
A Clinical Analysis of the Diagnosis and Treatment of Fetal Sacrococcygeal Teratomas.; OBJECTIVE: The present study aims to discuss the clinical features, treatment, and prognosis of fetal sacrococcygeal teratomas (SCTs) to improve the standard of diagnosis and treatment. METHODS: The clinical data of 15 pregnant females with fetal SCT, admitted to Fujian  Maternity and Child Health Hospital from January 2013 to January 2020, were retrospectively analyzed with respect to clinical characteristics, imaging features, complications, treatment options, and pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: The 15 cases of fetal SCT were all detected by color ultrasonography. There were two cases of cystic tumors and 13 cases of solid cystic tumors. In terms of tumor blood supply, there was one case without blood flow signal, eight cases with little blood flow signal, and six cases with abundant blood flow. At the time of delivery, there were two cases with a tumor diameter less than 5 cm, five cases with a diameter of 5-10 cm, and eight cases with a diameter of more than 10 cm. In terms of tumor shape and location, there were two cases of type I, ten cases of type II, and three cases of type III. There were six cases with an increased fetal heart to chest ratio, four cases of fetal edema, three cases of placental edema, four cases of excessive amniotic fluid, one case of insufficient amniotic fluid, three cases of fetal distress, one case of stillbirth, two cases of gestational diabetes mellitus, two cases of mirror syndrome, and two cases of postpartum hemorrhage. According to the pathological diagnosis, there were seven cases of mature teratoma, seven cases of immature teratoma, and one case of mixed germ cell tumor. There were six cases of induced delivery, nine cases of cesarean section, one case of premature birth, and two cases of mild neonatal asphyxia. CONCLUSION: Fetal SCT was generally diagnosed by prenatal ultrasonography. The tumor blood supply, growth rate, size, nature of the tumor, clinical type, pathology, and maternal-fetal complications are all closely correlated with the prognosis. The timing and manner of the termination of pregnancy should be determined on the basis of the pregnant female, the fetus, and the tumor.
[Fetal programming by disturbed intrauterine environment - fundamental mechanisms exemplified by the regulation of body weight and metabolism].; Currently, epidemiological and experimental data indicate that exposures during prenatal and perinatal life may have lifelong consequences for the risk of developing obesity and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. In this context, observations of the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes as well as studies of children with low birth weight were most influential. This paper illustrates the current knowledge about perinatal programming of obesity and associated diseases and discusses possible etiopathogenic mechanisms, focussing on epidemiological and animal studies of the consequences of exposure to maternal diabetes and pre-/neonatal undernutrition. The resultant far-reaching potential for primary prevention of chronic diseases as well as the paradigmatic character of these hypotheses and observations for the general understanding of health and disease are highlighted.
Burden of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy before and after the universal two-child policy in Chinese women: An observational study.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of high-risk pregnancy increased after the implementation of two-child policy in China, but the impact of this policy change on the burden and profile of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy (MHFP) has been insufficiently explored. We hypothesised that the profile of MHFP might have changed after the two-child policy was implemented and aimed to estimate the prevalence, intercorrelation, and outcomes of MHFP before and after its introduction. METHODS: We obtained data on the population of pregnant women before (2015) and after (2020/2021) the implementation of universal two-child policy in Huai'an. We then included 33 risk factors in our analysis based on the Five-Colour Management framework and defined MHFP as an individual having two or more of these factors. We also estimated the changes of the prevalence of each single factor and their coexistence. Lastly, we performed a network analysis to assess the intercorrelations across these factors and used logistic regression models to evaluate MHFP-related pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: We observed an increase in the prevalence of MHFP after the implementation of the universal two-child policy (25.8% in 2015 vs 38.4% in 2020/2021, P < 0.01). Chronic conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal body mass index) had the largest increase among the included factors, while cardiovascular disease and hypertensive disorders were central factors of the network structures. The correlations of advanced maternal age with abnormal pregnancy histories and scarred uteri increased significantly from 2015 to 2020/2021. MHFP was associated with multiple pregnancy outcomes, including preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 2.57; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.39-2.75), low birthweight (aOR = 2.77; 95% CI = 2.54-3.02), low Apgar score (aOR = 1.41; 95% CI = 1.19-1.67), perinatal death (aOR = 1.75; 95% CI = 1.44-2.12), and neonatal death (aOR = 1.76; 95% CI = 1.42-2.18). Moreover, an increasing number and certain combinations of MHFP were associated with higher odds of pregnancy outcomes. For example, the aOR of preterm birth increased from 1.67 (95% CI = 1.52-1.87) for one risk factor to 8.03 (95% CI = 6.99-9.22) for ≥4 risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Chinese women experienced a higher burden of multiple high-risk factors after the introduction of the two-child policy, particularly those with advanced maternal age, obesity, and chronic conditions. Strategies targeting chronic conditions for women with MHFP should be prioritised and a shift to a multiple-factor-oriented framework is needed in the expanding Chinese maternal health care system.
Intrauterine undernutrition--renal and vascular origin of hypertension.; A large number of clinical and experimental studies supports the hypothesis that intrauterine undernutrition is an important determinant of hypertension, coronary heart disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes in the adult offspring. In this review, the renal and vascular repercussions of maternal undernutrition are emphasized, and the physiopatologic mechanisms discussed. The origin of hypertension is detailed based upon the findings of kidney functional parameters and endothelium function studies. A working model linking hypertension to intrauterine undernutrition is proposed.
Effects of Oral Glucose-Lowering Agents on Gut Microbiota and Microbial Metabolites.; The current research and existing facts indicate that type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is characterized by gut microbiota dysbiosis and disturbed microbial metabolites. Oral glucose-lowering drugs are reported with pleiotropic beneficial effects, including not only a decrease in glucose level but also weight loss, antihypertension, anti-inflammation, and cardiovascular protection, but the underlying mechanisms are still not clear. Evidence can be found showing that oral glucose-lowering drugs might modify the gut microbiome and thereby alter gastrointestinal metabolites to improve host health. Although the connections among gut microbial communities, microbial metabolites, and T2DM are complex, figuring out how antidiabetic agents shape the gut microbiome is vital for optimizing the treatment, meaningful for the instruction for probiotic therapy and gut microbiota transplantation in T2DM. In this review, we focused on the literatures in gut microbiota and its metabolite profile alterations beneficial from oral antidiabetic drugs, trying to provide implications for future study in the developing field of these drugs, such as combination therapies, pre- and probiotics intervention in T2DM, and subjects with pregestational diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Inflammatory and oxidative stress airway markers in premature newborns of hypertensive mothers.; Although oxidative stress and inflammation are important mechanisms in the pathophysiology of preeclampsia and preterm diseases, their contribution to the respiratory prognosis of premature infants of hypertensive mothers is not known. Our objective was to determine the levels of oxidative stress and inflammation markers in the airways of premature infants born to hypertensive and normotensive mothers, in the first 72 h of life, and to investigate whether they are predictors of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD)/death. This was a prospective study with premature infants less than 34 weeks' gestation on respiratory support who were stratified into 2 groups: 32 premature infants of hypertensive mothers and 41 of normotensive women, with a mean gestational age of 29 weeks. Exclusion criteria were as follows: diabetes mellitus, chorioamnionitis, malformation, congenital infection, and death within 24 h after birth. The outcome of interest was BPD/death. Malondialdehyde (MDA), nitric oxide (NO), and interleukin 8 (IL-8) were measured in airway aspirates from the first and third days of life and did not differ between the groups. Univariate and multivariate statistical analyses were performed. The concentrations of MDA, NO, and IL-8 were not predictors of BPD/death. Premature infants who developed BPD/death had higher levels of IL-8 in the first days of life. The gestational age, mechanical ventilation, and a small size for gestational age were risk factors for BPD/death. In conclusion, the biomarkers evaluated were not increased in premature infants of hypertensive mothers and were not predictors of BPD/death.
The effects of lutein on cardiometabolic health across the life course: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The antioxidant lutein is suggested as being beneficial to cardiometabolic health because of its protective effect against oxidative stress, but evidence has not systematically been evaluated. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to evaluate systematically the effects of lutein (intake or concentrations) on cardiometabolic outcomes in different life stages. DESIGN: This is a systematic review with meta-analysis of literature published in MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Central, Web of Science, PubMed, and Google Scholar up to August 2014. Included were trials and cohort, case-control, and cross-sectional studies in which the association between lutein concentrations, dietary intake, or supplements and cardiometabolic outcomes was reported. Two independent investigators reviewed the articles. RESULTS: Seventy-one relevant articles were identified that included a total of 387,569 participants. Only 1 article investigated the effects of lutein during pregnancy, and 3 studied lutein in children. Furthermore, 31 longitudinal, 33 cross-sectional, and 3 intervention studies were conducted in adults. Meta-analysis showed a lower risk of coronary heart disease (pooled RR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.80, 0.98) and stroke (pooled RR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.72, 0.93) for the highest compared with the lowest tertile of lutein blood concentration or intake. There was no significant association with type 2 diabetes mellitus (pooled RR: 0.97; 95% CI: 0.77, 1.22), but higher lutein was associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome (pooled RR: 0.75; 95% CI: 0.60, 0.92) for the highest compared with the lowest tertile. The literature on risk factors for cardiometabolic diseases showed that lutein might be beneficial for atherosclerosis and inflammatory markers, but there were inconsistent associations with blood pressure, adiposity, insulin resistance, and blood lipids. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that higher dietary intake and higher blood concentrations of lutein are generally associated with better cardiometabolic health. However, evidence mainly comes from observational studies in adults, whereas large-scale intervention studies and studies of lutein during pregnancy and childhood are scarce.
Classification and Diagnosis of Diabetes.; The classification of diabetes was originally limited to only two categories called juvenile-onset diabetes mellitus, now known as type 1 diabetes mellitus, and adult-onset diabetes mellitus, now known as type 2 diabetes mellitus. This has grown to a recognition of more than 50 subcategories caused by various pathogenic mechanisms or accompanying other diseases and syndromes. The diagnosis of diabetes has evolved from physician recognition of typical symptoms to detection of ambient hyperglycemia and, thence, to the definition of excessive plasma glucose levels after an overnight fast and/or following challenge with a glucose load (oral glucose tolerance test or OGTT), and more recently, by measurement of glycated hemoglobin (A1c). Screening has uncovered a much higher prevalence of diabetes in the United States and elsewhere, as well as its enormous public health impact. Modern testing has defined individuals at high risk for the development of diabetes and pregnant women whose fetuses are at increased risk for mortality and morbidity. Type 1 diabetes results from an autoimmune attack on the pancreatic islet beta cells, manifest by autoantibodies and T cells reactive with islet cell antigens prior to and after the development of hyperglycemia. When approximately 80% of beta cells have been damaged or destroyed, insulin deficiency produces hyperglycemia and risk of ketosis. Hyperglycemia, in turn, causes osmotic diuresis resulting in frequent urination, thirst, and weight loss. Type 2 diabetes is caused by a combination of insulin resistance and relative insulin insufficiency. Insulin resistance accompanies obesity, a sedentary lifestyle, and advanced age. The pathogenetic factors of type 1 and type 2 diabetes overlap in many patients, with obesity now prevalent in children and adults. Gestational diabetes is specific for pregnancy and is a harbinger of future type 2 diabetes. Diagnostic glycemic criteria for presymptomatic diabetes have been set using diabetic retinopathy as a specific complication of the disease: A1c ≥6.5%; fasting plasma glucose (FPG) ≥126 mg/dL; or plasma glucose measured 2 hours after an OGTT (2-hour PG) ≥200 mg/dL. For patients with typical symptoms, a random plasma glucose ≥200 mg/dL is diagnostic. The 2-hour PG yields the highest prevalence and A1c the lowest. A1c is the most convenient and practical test, requiring no preparation, is analytically superior, and has the lowest intraindividual variation. It is more expensive than the FPG, but the same or less than the OGTT. The 2-hour PG is the most burdensome to the patient and has the highest intraindividual variation. Standardized measurement of A1c is not available everywhere. Confirmation of an abnormal test with the same test is recommended. Studies in various populations show inconsistency among the glycemic tests. Of people meeting the A1c criterion, 27%–98% meet plasma glucose criteria. Of people meeting plasma glucose criteria, 17%–78% meet the A1c criterion. These discrepancies occur because each test measures different aspects of hyperglycemia that may vary among patients. While the risk of future diabetes is continuously associated with plasma glucose and A1c, the areas between the upper limits of normal and the diabetes cutpoints have been called “prediabetes” or “high risk for diabetes.” These have been defined categorically as A1c 6.0%–6.4% or 5.7%–6.4%; impaired fasting glucose (IFG), FPG 100–125 mg/dL; and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), 2-hour PG 140–199 mg/dL. A1c 6.0%–6.4% increases the odds ratio (OR) for progression to diabetes (OR 12.5–16) more than the range of 5.7%–6.4% (OR 9.2). In U.S. studies, the incidence of type 2 diabetes averages approximately 6% per year in people with IGT and can reverse spontaneously. IFG is more prevalent than IGT in the United States, though IGT rises more sharply with age. IFG increases the risk of future diabetes to various degrees in different countries, with odds ratios ranging from 2.9 to 18.5. Opportunistic screening for diabetes in health care venues, especially if targeted to persons with high-risk characteristics, e.g., obesity and older age, can be cost-effective. The lower cutpoints for prediabetes should be used if the screening is also aimed at those at high risk for developing diabetes. Indiscriminate public screening for diabetes is not yet supported by sufficient long-term benefit gained from early detection of asymptomatic diabetes, nor has its cost-effectiveness been demonstrated. However, if undertaken, a capillary blood glucose ≥120 mg/dL is an efficient screening cutpoint with relatively low cost per case detected. The major public health implication of diagnosing asymptomatic diabetes is that diabetes is a major cause of cardiovascular disease, renal failure requiring dialysis and kidney transplant, and blindness or vision-threatening retinal disease necessitating surgery or intraocular injection therapy. With appropriate targeted therapy of hyperglycemia, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, these complications can be prevented or ameliorated.
Single Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNP) in the Adiponectin Gene and Cardiovascular Disease.; Dear Editor, The recent article by Mohammadzadeh et al.[1] on the latest issue of this Journal showed that the T allele +276G/T SNP of ADIPOQ gene is more associated with the increasing risk of coronary artery disease (CAD) in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Adipocytes were described in myocardial tissue of CAD patients and their role recently discussed[2,3]. Susceptibility to CAD by polymorphism in the Q gene of adiponectin has been reported for 3'-UTR, which harbours some genetic loci associated with metabolic risks and atherosclerosis[4]. Actually, previous studies have shown that the haplotype SNP +276G>T was associated with a decreased risk of CAD, after adjustment for potential confounding factors, therefore some controversial opinion still exists[5]. This evidence should be associated with the role exerted by adipocytes and adiponectin in heart physiology. In particular, in hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy (HDCP), by investigating the population frequency of alleles, genotypes, and haplotypes of two single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), namely +45T>G (rs2241766) and +276G>T (rs1501299), some authors found that the SNP +276 TT genotype was significantly associated with protection against HDCP, when compared to the pooled G genotypes[6]. Moreover, the same +276G/T SNP haplotype was strongly associated with biliary atresia, an intractable neonatal inflammatory and obliterative cholangiopathy, leading to progressive fibrosis and cirrhosis[7]. CAD is closely related to adiponectin biology. The same isoforms of adiponectin seem to be not associated to CAD severity but to glucose metabolism and its impairment[8]. In the paper by Mohammadzadeh et al.[1], T allele in +276G/T SNP haplotype is highly associated with CAD in subjects with type 2 diabetes, but this linkage should be reappraised if related much more to diabetes rather than CAD. Association of T allele in the indicated SNP with CAD may be an indirect consequence of type 2 diabetes, as reported by others[9] or a direct marker for CAD affected patients[10]. The paper by Mohammadzadeh et al.[1] assesses data coming elsewhere from literature but raises important concerns about the suitability of ADIPOQ SNPs in diagnosing susceptibility to CAD and the relationship with plasma adiponectin level. In normal, non diabetic, normoglycemic subject, this relationship does not seem to work. Therefore the question is how much predictive this SNP haplotype may be to foresee metabolic syndrome and CAD onset risk in young health subjects? Maybe, the role of adiponectin in cardiovascular physiology depends on its ability to target adiponectin receptors and to negatively regulate obesity. Some authors reported in healthy volunteers an absence of correlation between circulating adiponectin levels and biochemical markers, particularly lipoproteins and suggested that SNP +276G>T was related to an independent effect on adiponectin levels and on lipoprotein metabolism[11]. On the contrary, adiponectin genetic variants and SNP +276G>T was associated with increasing susceptibility of type 2 diabetes and plasma glucose impairment[12]. The interesting study by Mohammadzadeh et al.[1] suggests that SNP of ADIPOQ +276G>T should be related to susceptibility to glucose metabolism, while indirectly to lipid metabolism and fat-related cardiovascular damage.
Obesity in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence and provide recommendations for the counselling and management of obese parturients. OUTCOMES: Outcomes evaluated include the impact of maternal obesity on the provision of antenatal and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. EVIDENCE: Literature was retrieved through searches of Statistics Canada, Medline, and The Cochrane Library on the impact of obesity in pregnancy on antepartum and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, obstetrical anaesthesia, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date or language restrictions. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to April 2009. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology assessment-related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. VALUES: The evidence obtained was reviewed and evaluated by the Maternal Fetal Medicine and Clinical Practice Obstetric Committees of the SOGC under the leadership of the principal authors, and recommendations were made according to guidelines developed by the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. BENEFITS, HARMS, AND COSTS: Implementation of the recommendations in this guideline should increase recognition of the issues clinicians need to be aware of when managing obese women in pregnancy, improve communication and consultation amongst the obstetrical care team, and encourage federal and provincial agencies to educate Canadians about the values of entering pregnancy with as healthy a weight as possible. RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Periodic health examinations and other appointments for gynaecologic care prior to pregnancy offer ideal opportunities to raise the issue of weight loss before conception. Women should be encouraged to enter pregnancy with a BMI < 30 kg/m(2), and ideally < 25 kg/m(2). (III-B). 2. BMI should be calculated from pre-pregnancy height and weight. Those with a pre-pregnancy BMI > 30 kg/m(2) are considered obese. This information can be helpful in counselling women about pregnancy risks associated with obesity. (II-2B). 3. Obese pregnant women should receive counselling about weight gain, nutrition, and food choices. (II-2B). 4. Obese women should be advised that they are at risk for medical complications such as cardiac disease, pulmonary disease, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea. Regular exercise during pregnancy may help to reduce some of these risks. (II-2B). 5. Obese women should be advised that their fetus is at an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, and appropriate screening should be done. (II-2B). 6. Obstetric care providers should take BMI into consideration when arranging for fetal anatomic assessment in the second trimester. Anatomic assessment at 20 to 22 weeks may be a better choice for the obese pregnant patient. (II-2B). 7. Obese pregnant women have an increased risk of Caesarean section, and the success of vaginal birth after Caesarean section is decreased. (II-2B). 8. Antenatal consultation with an anaesthesiologist should be considered to review analgesic options and to ensure a plan is in place should a regional anaesthetic be chosen. (III-B). 9. The risk of venous thromboembolism for each obese woman should be evaluated. In some clinical situations, consideration for thromboprophylaxis should be individualized. (III-B).
The potential role of biomarkers in predicting gestational diabetes.; Gestational diabetes (GD) is a frequent complication during pregnancy and is associated with maternal and neonatal complications. It is suggested that a disturbing environment for the foetus, such as impaired glucose metabolism during intrauterine life, may result in enduring epigenetic changes leading to increased disease risk in adult life. Hence, early prediction of GD is vital. Current risk prediction models are based on maternal and clinical parameters, lacking a strong predictive value. Adipokines are mainly produced by adipocytes and suggested to be a link between obesity and its cardiovascular complications. Various adipokines, including adiponectin, leptin and TNF&, have shown to be dysregulated in GD. This review aims to outline biomarkers potentially associated with the pathophysiology of GD and discuss the role of integrating predictive biomarkers in current clinical risk prediction models, in order to enhance the identification of those at risk.
Genetic variations within the insulin gene region are associated with accelerated fetal growth.; Size at birth has been proposed to be associated with the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. It is, however, unclear whether this association is attributed to an unfavorable intrauterine environment or to specific genotypes predisposing both altered fetal growth and common diseases in adult life. The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between the neonatal birth size and the genotypes of polymorphic loci within the insulin gene (INS) region, which is susceptible to diabetes mellitus. We analyzed the genotypes of two polymorphic loci; -23HphI and HUMTH01, in 520 pairs of normal Japanese mothers and their neonates, and compared with the somatoscopic characteristics at birth converted into standard deviation scores (SDS) according to sex, parity and gestational weeks at delivery. It was revealed that neonatal -23HphI T allele and HUMTH01 allele10, which are linked to the INS variable number of tandem repeats (VNTR) class III allele, were associated with increased weight, head circumstance, and length at birth. These associations confirmed that variation within the INS region, most probably at the INS-VNTR, influences fetal growth. Furthermore, the finding that the paternally transmitted -23HphI T allele was exclusively correlated with increased size at birth indicates the involvement of an imprinting mechanism. In conclusion, the INS-VNTR class III allele might accelerate fetal growth in a parent-specific manner.
The influence of antenatal and maternal factors on stillbirths and neonatal deaths in New South Wales, Australia.; This study identified the influences of maternal socio-demographic and antenatal factors on stillbirths and neonatal deaths in New South Wales, Australia. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were used to explore the association of selected antenatal and maternal characteristics with stillbirths and neonatal deaths. The findings of this study showed that stillbirths and neonatal deaths significantly varied by infant sex, maternal age, Aboriginality, maternal country of birth, socioeconomic status, parity, maternal smoking behaviour during pregnancy, maternal diabetes mellitus, maternal hypertension, antenatal care, plurality of birth, low birth weight, place of birth, delivery type, maternal deaths and small gestational age. First-born infants, twins and infants born to teenage mothers, Aboriginal mothers, those who smoked during the pregnancy and those of lower socioeconomic status were at increased risk of stillbirths and neonatal deaths. The most common causes of stillbirths were conditions originating in the perinatal period: intrauterine hypoxia and asphyxia. Congenital malformations, including deformities and chromosomal abnormalities, and disorders related to slow fetal growth, short gestation and low birth weight were the most common causes of neonatal deaths. The findings indicate that very low birth weight (less than 2,000 g) contributed 75.6% of the population-attributable risks to stillbirths and 59.4% to neonatal deaths. Low gestational age (less than 32 weeks) accounted for 77.7% of stillbirths and 87.9% of neonatal deaths. The findings of this study suggest that in order to reduce stillbirths and neonatal deaths, it is essential to include strategies to predict and prevent prematurity and low birth weight, and that there is a need to focus on anti-smoking campaigns during pregnancy, optimizing antenatal care and other healthcare programmes targeted at the socially disadvantaged populations identified in this study.
Born small for gestational age: increased risk of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and hyperlipidaemia in adulthood.; The metabolic and cardiovascular complications associated with reduced fetal growth have been identified in the past 10 years. These include cardiovascular disease and the insulin resistance syndrome, comprising dyslipidaemia and impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes, and they appear to result from the initial development of insulin resistance. Although the mechanism underlying the development of insulin resistance associated with reduced fetal growth remains unclear, there is some evidence that adipose tissue plays a key role. Over the past decade, several hypotheses have been proposed to explain this unexpected association. Each points to either a detrimental fetal environment, genetic susceptibility or an interaction between the two. Although yet to be confirmed, the hypothesis suggesting that the association could be the consequence of genetic-environmental interactions is at present the most attractive.
The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) initiative on pre-eclampsia: A pragmatic guide for first-trimester screening and prevention.; Pre‐eclampsia (PE) is a multisystem disorder that typically affects 2%–5% of pregnant women and is one of the leading causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality, especially when the condition is of early onset. Globally, 76 000 women and 500 000 babies die each year from this disorder. Furthermore, women in low‐resource countries are at a higher risk of developing PE compared with those in high‐resource countries. Although a complete understanding of the pathogenesis of PE remains unclear, the current theory suggests a two‐stage process. The first stage is caused by shallow invasion of the trophoblast, resulting in inadequate remodeling of the spiral arteries. This is presumed to lead to the second stage, which involves the maternal response to endothelial dysfunction and imbalance between angiogenic and antiangiogenic factors, resulting in the clinical features of the disorder. Accurate prediction and uniform prevention continue to elude us. The quest to effectively predict PE in the first trimester of pregnancy is fueled by the desire to identify women who are at high risk of developing PE, so that necessary measures can be initiated early enough to improve placentation and thus prevent or at least reduce the frequency of its occurrence. Furthermore, identification of an “at risk” group will allow tailored prenatal surveillance to anticipate and recognize the onset of the clinical syndrome and manage it promptly. PE has been previously defined as the onset of hypertension accompanied by significant proteinuria after 20 weeks of gestation. Recently, the definition of PE has been broadened. Now the internationally agreed definition of PE is the one proposed by the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy (ISSHP). According to the ISSHP, PE is defined as systolic blood pressure at ≥140 mm Hg and/or diastolic blood pressure at ≥90 mm Hg on at least two occasions measured 4 hours apart in previously normotensive women and is accompanied by one or more of the following new‐onset conditions at or after 20 weeks of gestation: 1.Proteinuria (i.e. ≥30 mg/mol protein:creatinine ratio; ≥300 mg/24 hour; or ≥2 + dipstick); 2.Evidence of other maternal organ dysfunction, including: acute kidney injury (creatinine ≥90 μmol/L; 1 mg/dL); liver involvement (elevated transaminases, e.g. alanine aminotransferase or aspartate aminotransferase >40 IU/L) with or without right upper quadrant or epigastric abdominal pain; neurological complications (e.g. eclampsia, altered mental status, blindness, stroke, clonus, severe headaches, and persistent visual scotomata); or hematological complications (thrombocytopenia–platelet count <150 000/μL, disseminated intravascular coagulation, hemolysis); or 3.Uteroplacental dysfunction (such as fetal growth restriction, abnormal umbilical artery Doppler waveform analysis, or stillbirth). It is well established that a number of maternal risk factors are associated with the development of PE: advanced maternal age; nulliparity; previous history of PE; short and long interpregnancy interval; use of assisted reproductive technologies; family history of PE; obesity; Afro‐Caribbean and South Asian racial origin; co‐morbid medical conditions including hyperglycemia in pregnancy; pre‐existing chronic hypertension; renal disease; and autoimmune diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus and antiphospholipid syndrome. These risk factors have been described by various professional organizations for the identification of women at risk of PE; however, this approach to screening is inadequate for effective prediction of PE. PE can be subclassified into: 1.Early‐onset PE (with delivery at <34+0 weeks of gestation); 2.Preterm PE (with delivery at <37+0 weeks of gestation); 3.Late‐onset PE (with delivery at ≥34+0 weeks of gestation); 4.Term PE (with delivery at ≥37+0 weeks of gestation). These subclassifications are not mutually exclusive. Early‐onset PE is associated with a much higher risk of short‐ and long‐term maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Obstetricians managing women with preterm PE are faced with the challenge of balancing the need to achieve fetal maturation in utero with the risks to the mother and fetus of continuing the pregnancy longer. These risks include progression to eclampsia, development of placental abruption and HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzyme, low platelet) syndrome. On the other hand, preterm delivery is associated with higher infant mortality rates and increased morbidity resulting from small for gestational age (SGA), thrombocytopenia, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, cerebral palsy, and an increased risk of various chronic diseases in adult life, particularly type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity. Women who have experienced PE may also face additional health problems in later life, as the condition is associated with an increased risk of death from future cardiovascular disease, hypertension, stroke, renal impairment, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes. The life expectancy of women who developed preterm PE is reduced on average by 10 years. There is also significant impact on the infants in the long term, such as increased risks of insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, and hypertension in infants born to pre‐eclamptic women. The International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) brought together international experts to discuss and evaluate current knowledge on PE and develop a document to frame the issues and suggest key actions to address the health burden posed by PE. FIGO's objectives, as outlined in this document, are: (1) To raise awareness of the links between PE and poor maternal and perinatal outcomes, as well as to the future health risks to mother and offspring, and demand a clearly defined global health agenda to tackle this issue; and (2) To create a consensus document that provides guidance for the first‐trimester screening and prevention of preterm PE, and to disseminate and encourage its use. Based on high‐quality evidence, the document outlines current global standards for the first‐trimester screening and prevention of preterm PE, which is in line with FIGO good clinical practice advice on first trimester screening and prevention of pre‐eclampsia in singleton pregnancy.1 It provides both the best and the most pragmatic recommendations according to the level of acceptability, feasibility, and ease of implementation that have the potential to produce the most significant impact in different resource settings. Suggestions are provided for a variety of different regional and resource settings based on their financial, human, and infrastructure resources, as well as for research priorities to bridge the current knowledge and evidence gap. To deal with the issue of PE, FIGO recommends the following: Public health focus: There should be greater international attention given to PE and to the links between maternal health and noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) on the Sustainable Developmental Goals agenda. Public health measures to increase awareness, access, affordability, and acceptance of preconception counselling, and prenatal and postnatal services for women of reproductive age should be prioritized. Greater efforts are required to raise awareness of the benefits of early prenatal visits targeted at reproductive‐aged women, particularly in low‐resource countries. Universal screening: All pregnant women should be screened for preterm PE during early pregnancy by the first‐trimester combined test with maternal risk factors and biomarkers as a one‐step procedure. The risk calculator is available free of charge at https://fetalmedicine.org/research/assess/preeclampsia. FIGO encourages all countries and its member associations to adopt and promote strategies to ensure this. The best combined test is one that includes maternal risk factors, measurements of mean arterial pressure (MAP), serum placental growth factor (PLGF), and uterine artery pulsatility index (UTPI). Where it is not possible to measure PLGF and/or UTPI, the baseline screening test should be a combination of maternal risk factors with MAP, and not maternal risk factors alone. If maternal serum pregnancy‐associated plasma protein A (PAPP‐A) is measured for routine first‐trimester screening for fetal aneuploidies, the result can be included for PE risk assessment. Variations to the full combined test would lead to a reduction in the performance screening. A woman is considered high risk when the risk is 1 in 100 or more based on the first‐trimester combined test with maternal risk factors, MAP, PLGF, and UTPI. Contingent screening: Where resources are limited, routine screening for preterm PE by maternal factors and MAP in all pregnancies and reserving measurements of PLGF and UTPI for a subgroup of the population (selected on the basis of the risk derived from screening by maternal factors and MAP) can be considered. Prophylactic measures: Following first‐trimester screening for preterm PE, women identified at high risk should receive aspirin prophylaxis commencing at 11–14+6 weeks of gestation at a dose of ~150 mg to be taken every night until 36 weeks of gestation, when delivery occurs, or when PE is diagnosed. Low‐dose aspirin should not be prescribed to all pregnant women. In women with low calcium intake (<800 mg/d), either calcium replacement (≤1 g elemental calcium/d) or calcium supplementation (1.5–2 g elemental calcium/d) may reduce the burden of both early‐ and late‐onset PE.
Utilization of "Stand-By" Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation in a High-Risk Parturient With Methamphetamine-Associated Cardiomyopathy Undergoing Dilation and Evacuation: A Case Report.; Parturients may present with evidence of acute heart failure or respiratory distress during the peripartum period. This case report documents utilization of "stand-by" extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) for a 40-year-old woman with a history of severe left ventricular dysfunction who presented for elective dilation and evacuation of triplets at 20 weeks' gestation. The patient's medical history was significant for hypertension, diabetes mellitus, methamphetamine use (acute/chronic), and cardiac-respiratory arrest before her previous emergent cesarean delivery. The patient underwent general anesthesia with the placement of peripheral venous and arterial cannulas for "stand-by" ECMO. The patient remained stable throughout the procedure, and "stand-by" ECMO was not initiated; the patient was discharged 5 days' postprocedure. The use of "stand-by" ECMO in the parturient with severe cardiopulmonary dysfunction is still in its infancy. Centers managing populations of both high-risk parturients and nonparturients may consider development of algorithms for implementation and utilization of ECMO.
Status of Serum Vitamin D and Calcium Levels in Women of Reproductive Age in National Capital Territory of India.; CONTEXT: In India, Vitamin D deficiency is a major public health problem, associated with lack of sunlight exposure in spite of abundant sunshine usually accompanied by reduced dietary intake. In women of reproductive age, Vitamin D deficiency in pregnancy has been associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. AIMS: The aim of the present cross-sectional study was to evaluate the levels of serum Vitamin D 25(OH) D and calcium in women of reproductive age from India. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: A cross-sectional study was carried on a total of 224 healthy nonpregnant and nonlactating women in the reproductive age group of 20-49 years. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Demographic, socioeconomic class, and biochemical parameters for the estimation of serum 25(OH)D and calcium levels in women of reproductive age were studied. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Statistical Package for Social Sciences version 20.0 was utilized for conducting the statistical analysis of the data. RESULTS: Vitamin D deficiency (<20 ng/ml) was present in 88% of women. Women from middle socioeconomic class had the lowest mean serum 25(OH) D levels (9.6 ± 6 ng/ml) as compared to women from upper middle (11.4 ± 8 ng/ml), lower (11.2 ± 8 ng/ml), and upper (10 ± 8.6 ng/ml) socioeconomic class. Serum calcium levels were found in the normal range of 8.5-10.5 mg/dl for all the study subjects. CONCLUSIONS: There is a high prevalence of hypovitaminosis D among women of reproductive age. These women may possibly have a higher risk of development of osteoporosis and pregnancy-related complications in future life.
Longitudinal study to assess changes in arterial stiffness and cardiac output parameters among low-risk pregnant women.; AIM: A single-centre, prospective longitudinal study to assess changes in maternal arterial stiffness and cardiac output parameters among low-risk healthy pregnant women. METHODOLOGY: Thirty low-risk, healthy, pregnant women attending their routine antenatal dating ultrasound scan were recruited. Non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness and cardiac output was undertaken at five gestational windows from 11 to 40 weeks of pregnancy. Data were analysed using a linear mixed model incorporating time and other relevant predictors as fixed effects, and patient as a random effect. RESULTS: Gestational age had a significant effect on all arterial stiffness parameters, including brachial augmentation index (AIx) (p = .001), aortic AIx (p = .002) and aortic pulse wave velocity (p = .002). The aortic AIx (%) reduced during pregnancy: the lowest mean (standard error, SE) was 4.07 (1.01) at 28 weeks before it increased to 7.04 (SE 1.64) at 40 weeks. Similarly, non-invasive assessments of cardiac output (p < .001), stroke volume (p = .014), heart rate (p < .001) and total peripheral resistance (p < .001) demonstrated significant changes with gestational age. Mean cardiac output (l/m) increased during pregnancy reaching a peak at 28 weeks gestation 6.66 (SE 0.28), but dropped thereafter to reach 5.71 (SE 0.25) around term. CONCLUSION: The current study provides pregnancy normograms for gestational changes in arterial stiffness and cardiac output parameters among low-risk, healthy pregnant women. Further work will be required to assess the risk of placental mediated diseases and pregnancy outcome among pregnant women with parameters outside the normal range.
[Congenital familial cardiopathies. Prenatal diagnosis].; The diagnosis of congenital heart disease by means of echocardiography is already a real fact. The use of this technique for diagnosis in utero currently allows the detection of these malformations during the early stages of pregnancy and to determine the prognosis of the fetal cardiopathies, as well as to establish a medical or surgical treatment of the neonate. The prenatal echocardiographic study of 126 pregnant women, previously having had children with heart disease, has allowed s to prove the greater incidence of cardiopathy in this population (6.4%), compared to the results obtained from a group of pregnant women previously having normal children and without a high risk pregnancy (0.8%). These findings support the theory that genetic factors are the primary cause of congenital cardiac malformations, although the existence of teratogen factors (rubella, diabetes, etc.) in some cases cannot be excluded.
[Acute myocardial infarction complicated pregnancy of patient after kindey transplantation and knee osteosarcoma].; OBJECTIVE: Case report describes a patient with acute ST elevation myocardial infarction with Q wave in 26 weeks gestation. DESIGN: Case report. SETTING: Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University Hospital, Palacky University, Olomouc. CASE REPORT: Medical history is complicated with a cadaveric transplantation of kindey, osteosarcoma of the left knee with a joint extraction and chemotherapy, serious hypothyreosis after spontaneous discontinuation of medication and missing fetal nasal bone at the ultrasound examination. CONCLUSION: Myocardial infarction complicating pregnancy is an important cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. The coexistence of obesity, diabetes, chronic hypertension, and delayed age at pregnancy is expected to increase the prevalence of myocardial infarction during pregnancy. Timely treatment in the form of percutaneous coronary intervention has dramatically improved outcomes.
Central diabetes insipidus: A rare complication of IVH in a very low birth weight preterm infant.; A 710 g male infant was born at a referring hospital at a gestational age of 23 weeks and 2 days via vaginal delivery and was transferred to our facility at 14 days of age. His delivery was complicated by the breech presentation with difficult head extraction. The infant's initial course was significant for respiratory distress syndrome, grade III-IV intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), acute kidney injury, and large PDA. On the day of life 29, a gradual increase in serum sodium level refractory to increasing total fluid volume was noted. The combination of persistent hypernatremia (150-160 mmol/l), polyuria (8.4 ml/kg/hr), high plasma osmolality (323 mosm/kg), hyposthenuria (75 mosm/kg) and an undetectable serum ADH (<0.8 pg/ml) confirmed the diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus (CDI). Serum sodium and urine output decreased and urine osmolality increased after subcutaneous DDAVP administration.CDI is an uncommon cause of hypernatremia in the neonatal period. The diagnosis can be difficult as excessive urine output and high serum sodium can often be attributed to high insensible water loss in the extremely premature newborn. CDI in our patient was thought to be due to grade III-IV IVH complicated by post-hemorrhagic hydrocephalus.In conclusion, the diagnosis of central DI should be considered as a complication of severe IVH in the extremely premature neonate who demonstrates persistent hypernatremia, polyuria, decreased urine osmolality, and increased plasma osmolality. Serum ADH levels can be helpful in confirming the central origin of DI and subcutaneous desmopressin can be an effective treatment in the preterm infant.
Risk Factors for Neonatal Sepsis in Pregnant Women with Premature Rupture of the Membrane.; BACKGROUND: Premature rupture of the membrane (PROM) is associated with high maternal as well as perinatal morbidity and mortality risks. It occurs in 5 to 10% of all pregnancy while incidence of amniotic membrane infection varies from 6 to 10%. This study aimed to determine the incidence of neonatal sepsis in Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital and the risk factors. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was done in Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital, Jakarta, from December 2016 to June 2017. The study used total sampling method including all pregnant women with gestational age of 20 weeks or more experiencing PROM, who came to the hospital at that time. Samples with existing comorbidities such as diabetes mellitus or other serious systemic illnesses such as heart disease or autoimmune condition were excluded from the analysis. RESULTS: A total of 405 pregnant women with PROM were included in this study. There were 21 cases (5.2%) of neonatal sepsis. The analysis showed that risk of neonatal sepsis was higher in pregnant women with prolonged rupture of membrane for ≥ 18 hours before hospital admission (OR 3.08), prolonged rupture of membrane for ≥ 15 hours during hospitalization (OR 7.32), and prolonged rupture of membrane for ≥ 48 hours until birth (OR 5.77). The risk of neonatal sepsis was higher in preterm pregnancy with gestational age of <37 weeks (OR 18.59). CONCLUSION: Risk of neonatal sepsis is higher in longer duration of prolonged rupture of membrane as well as preterm pregnancy.
Maternal diabetes and fetal cardiac output.; BACKGROUND: The intrauterine environment is a key determinant for long-term health outcomes. Adverse fetal environments, such as maternal diabetes, obesity and placental insufficiency are strongly associated with long-term health risks in children. Little is known about differences in fetal cardiac output hemodynamics of diabetic mothers (DM) vs. non-diabetic mothers (NDM). Our study aims to investigate the left-sided, right-sided, and combined cardiac output (CCO) in fetuses of DM vs. NDM. METHODS: Retrospective data were collected in fetuses of DM (N = 532) and NDM (103) at mean gestational age 24 weeks. Examination included 2D echo and pulse wave Doppler. Wilcoxon rank sum tests and Chi-square tests were used to test for distribution difference of maternal and fetal continuous and categorical measures respectively between DM and NDM. Intraclass correlation coefficients were calculated to assess intra-observer reliability of fetal cardiac measurements. RESULTS: DM mothers had higher mean weight (89.7±22.2 kg) than NDM (76.8±19.8 kg), p < 0.0001 and higher mean BMI (33.4±7.5) than NDM (28.3±5.8), p < 0.0001. C-section delivery occurred in 66% of DM vs. 35% of NDM fetuses. Fetuses of DM mothers had significantly larger semilunar valve diameter, higher left ventricular (LV) output, higher combined cardiac output and lower right ventricle /left ventricle ratio compared to NDM. CONCLUSION: The greater CCO (adjusted for fetal weight), left sided cardiac output in the fetuses of DM, compared to NDM, represent differences in cardiac adaptation to the diabetic environment.
Pancreatic Islet Function Tests.; Objective: To describe testing indications and protocols for the evaluation of pancreatic islet function. Methods: A review of the literature and consensus guidelines concerning testing of pancreatic islet function was performed. Results: Indications for screening for diabetes mellitus are reviewed. Diagnostic criteria for diagnosis are fasting plasma glucose ≥ 126 mg/dl (7.0 mmol/l) or random glucose ≥200 mg/dl (11.1 mmol/l) with hyperglycemic symptoms, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) ≥6.5%, and oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) 2-h glucose ≥200 mg/dl (11.1 mmol/l) after 75 g of glucose. One-step and two-step strategies for diagnosing gestational diabetes using pregnancy-specific criteria as well as use of the 2-h 75-g OGTT for the postpartum testing of women with gestational diabetes (4-12 weeks after delivery) are described. Testing for other forms of diabetes with unique features are reviewed, including the recommendation to use the 2-h 75 g OGTT to screen for cystic fibrosis-related diabetes and post-transplantation diabetes, fasting glucose test for HIV positive individuals, and genetic testing for monogenic diabetes syndromes including neonatal diabetes and maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY). Elevated measurements of pancreatic islet autoantibodies (e.g., to the 65-KDa isoform of glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD65), tyrosine phosphatase related islet antigen 2 (IA-2), insulin (IAA), and zinc transporter (ZnT8)) suggest autoimmune type 1 diabetes (vs type 2 diabetes). IAA is primarily measured in youth. The use of autoantibody testing in diabetes screening programs are recommended only in first degree relatives of an individual with type 1 diabetes or in research protocols. C-peptide measurements >3 years after clinician diagnosis of type 1 diabetes in adults can be helpful in identifying those who have type 1 diabetes (low or undetectable c-peptide) from those who may have type 2 or monogenic diabetes. Use of OGTTs to examine insulin secretory reserve and intravenous glucose tolerance testing are also reviewed. These tests are primarily used in research studies. Evaluation of glycemic control is discussed, with special attention to hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and its correlation with mean blood glucose levels as well as assays of other glycated serum proteins. Finally, protocols used to evaluate hypoglycemia (glucose < 55 mg/dl (3.1 mmol/l)) are described, such as the supervised prolonged fast, during which measurements of glucose, insulin, c-peptide, oral insulin secretagogues, proinsulin, and beta-hydroxybutyrate are obtained. Insulinoma is suggested by elevated insulin, proinsulin and c-peptide levels, beta-hydroxybutyrate < 2.7 mmol/l, and undetectable insulin secretagogues. Use of a modified OGTT in the evaluation of the dumping syndrome is also described, as are the mixed meal test, glucagon tolerance test, c-peptide suppression test and evaluation of autoimmune hypoglycemia. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
A randomized controlled trial of sleep study surveillance with targeted autoregulated positive airway pressure therapy for obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Obstructive sleep apnea is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The impact therapy for obstructive sleep apnea has on these pregnancy outcomes remains under investigated. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the effects of targeted autoregulated positive airway pressure in women at risk of obstructive sleep apnea on adverse pregnancy outcomes, cost, and natural history of obstructive sleep apnea. STUDY DESIGN: Pregnant women at high risk of obstructive sleep apnea were randomized to either a sleep study screening group receiving autoregulated positive airway therapy or a group not screened for obstructive sleep apnea receiving standard obstetrical care (control). Women in the sleep study-screened group received a sleep study at 2 periods during pregnancy, early (6-16 weeks of gestation) and late (27-33 weeks of gestation), with initiation of autoregulated positive airway therapy if their Apnea Hypopnea Index indicated ≥5 events per hour. Women of both groups had a sleep study 3 months after delivery. The primary outcome was effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes, a composite of hypertension, preterm birth, low birthweight, stillbirth, and diabetes mellitus. The secondary outcomes included obstructive sleep apnea severity and hospital costs. RESULTS: Among 193 women randomized (100 in the sleep study-screened group and 93 in the control group; 6 lost to follow-up), there was no significant difference in composite adverse pregnancy outcomes (46.4% screened vs 43.3% control; P=.77), hypertension (23.7% screened vs 32.0% control; P=.25), preterm birth (13.4% screened vs 10.0% control; P=.5), low birthweight (5.2% screened vs 6.7% control; P=.76), stillbirth (1% screened vs 0% control; P=1), gestational diabetes (19.6% screened vs 13.3% control; P=.33), or mean cost ($12,185 screened vs $12,607 control). The Apnea Hypopnea Index increased throughout pregnancy, peaking at 3 months after delivery (P<.001). There were 24 subjects (25.8%) who had a new diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea, with 6 in whom autoregulated positive airway was prescribed. The autoregulated positive airway compliance rates were poor with usage rates ranging from 2% (1 of 64 days) to 43% (6 of 14 days). CONCLUSION: Targeted autoregulated positive airway therapy for obstructive sleep apnea did not decrease composite adverse pregnancy outcomes or hospital costs in the sleep study-screened high-risk pregnancy group compared with the group that received no obstructive sleep apnea screening. However, a small sample size, low autoregulated positive airway prescription rates, and poor compliance resulted in difficulty in drawing a definitive conclusion. The prevalence and severity of obstructive sleep apnea worsened throughout pregnancy, with the highest rates detected in the postpartum period. Large, multicenter clinical trials that are adequately powered are needed.
Programming by maternal obesity: a pathway to poor cardiometabolic health in the offspring.; There is an ever increasing prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide such that in many populations over half of women enter pregnancy either overweight or obese. This review aims to summarise the impact of maternal obesity on offspring cardiometabolic outcomes. Maternal obesity is associated with increased risk of adverse maternal and pregnancy outcomes. However, beyond this exposure to maternal obesity during development also increases the risk of her offspring developing long-term adverse cardiometabolic outcomes throughout their adult life. Both human studies and those in experimental animal models have shown that maternal obesity can programme increased risk of offspring developing obesity and adipose tissue dysfunction; type 2 diabetes with peripheral insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction; CVD with impaired cardiac structure and function and hypertension via impaired vascular and kidney function. As female offspring themselves are therefore likely to enter pregnancy with poor cardiometabolic health this can lead to an inter-generational cycle perpetuating the transmission of poor cardiometabolic health across generations. Maternal exercise interventions have the potential to mitigate some of the adverse effects of maternal obesity on offspring health, although further studies into long-term outcomes and how these translate to a clinical context are still required.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with asthma.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to examine the association between maternal asthma and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database from 2003 to 2011. Among women who delivered during this time period, we compared pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in asthmatics versus non-asthmatics. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: In a cohort of 7,772,999 pregnant women, 223,236 (2.9%) had asthma. The prevalence of asthma-complicated pregnancies rose over the study period from 1.9% in 2003 to 3.7% in 2011 (p < .001). Pregnant asthmatics had more pre-existing health conditions, such as diabetes, chronic hypertension, obesity, and thyroid disease, and were more likely to smoke. Even after adjustment for these comorbidities, and other covariates, within statistical models, asthma was found to be associated with greater risk of several pregnancy complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, preterm premature rupture of membranes, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, preterm delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, venous thromboembolism, caesarean section delivery, and maternal mortality. Neonates born to asthmatics had greater risk of being small for gestational age and for having congenital anomalies, and lower risk of intrauterine fetal death. CONCLUSIONS: Asthma is associated with an increase in adverse pregnancy, labor, and neonatal outcomes. Close surveillance of asthmatic patients during the prenatal period is warranted and care in a tertiary hospital is advised.
Hydatidiform mole and subsequent pregnancy outcome: a population-based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate whether a history of hydatidiform mole (HM) is associated with an increased risk of adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: This was a nationwide cohort study with data from population-based registers. The study population consisted of all children registered in the Swedish Medical Birth Register 1973-2009 (n = 3,730,825). Odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated for adverse maternal and offspring pregnancy outcomes by maternal history of HM prior to the delivery, with children to women with no maternal history of HM as the reference. Risk estimates were adjusted for maternal age at delivery and maternal country of birth. RESULTS: A history of HM was not associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal outcomes in subsequent pregnancies (n = 5186). Women exposed to a molar pregnancy prior to the index birth were at an almost 25% increased risk of preterm birth (OR, 1.23; 95% CI, 1.06-1.43), whereas women with at least 1 birth between the HM and the index birth were at an increased risk of a large-for-gestational-age birth and stillbirth (OR, 1.35; 95% CI, 1.10-1.67 and OR, 1.81; 95% CI, 1.11-2.96, respectively). The risk of repeat mole was 0.4%. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of HM are at no increased risk of adverse maternal outcomes in subsequent pregnancies but have an increased risk of large-for-gestational-age birth, stillbirth, and preterm birth. However, in absolute terms, the risk of subsequent adverse offspring outcomes is very low.
Fetal Macrosomia Among Non-diabetic Women: Our Experience in a Developing Country.; Background The prevalence of fetal macrosomia varies worldwide. Its trend has increased over the past decades in many developed nations. It is associated with various maternal and fetal complications. The information regarding the frequency of fetal macrosomia among non-diabetic women is limited in resource-limited countries such as Pakistan. Therefore, this study aimed to determine the number of fetal macrosomia cases among non-diabetic women. Methodology This was a cross-sectional study conducted in a tertiary care hospital in Peshawar, Pakistan. A total of 119 pregnant women were enrolled in the study. All pregnant women aged 15 to 45 years who had singleton pregnancies with any parity or gravida and a gestational age of ≥37 weeks were included in the study. Pregnant women with underlying chronic systemic disorders such as diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, renal or cardiac disorders, and sickle cell anemia were excluded from the study. Women who did not consent to participate and those with a gestational age of ≥42 weeks at the time of delivery were also excluded from our study. Based on a 5.2% prevalence of fetal macrosomia in the general population, the sample size was calculated using the World Health Organization calculator at a confidence interval of 95%, absolute precision of 0.05 with anticipated population proportion, and a 4% margin of error. The required sample size was calculated at 119. The chi-square test was applied. P-values of ≤0.05 were considered significant. Results Out of 119 participants, fetal macrosomia among non-diabetic women was seen in 10 (8.4%) cases. The mean age of patients in our study was 29.80 ± 4.33 years. The mean gestational age was 36.05 ± 1.31 weeks, whereas the mean body mass index of participants was 29.17 ± 2.36 kg/m(2). Post-stratification, spontaneous vaginal delivery was the only significant variable with a P-value of <0.05 in our study. Conclusions The number of fetal macrosomia among non-diabetic women in our study was 10 (8.4%). Because this was a single-center, hospital-based, cross-sectional study, we need to conduct large multi-centered randomized controlled studies to identify the actual prevalence of fetal macrosomia in non-diabetic women in our population.
Maternal undernutrition in cows impairs ovarian and cardiovascular systems in their offspring.; Severe prenatal undernutrition is usually associated with low birth weights in offspring and disorders including hypertension, obesity, and diabetes. Whether alterations in maternal nutrition insufficient to impair birth weight or prenatal growth impact the cardiovascular, stress, or metabolic systems is unknown. In addition, little is known about the effects of maternal dietary restriction on development of the reproductive system in mammals. Here, we use the bovine model, which has a gestational length and birth rate similar to humans, to show that offspring from nutritionally restricted dams (during the first trimester) were born with identical birth weights and had similar postnatal growth rates (to 95 wk of age), puberty, glucose metabolism, and responses to stress compared to offspring from control mothers. However, an increase in maternal testosterone concentrations was detected during dietary restriction, and these dams had offspring with a diminished ovarian reserve (as assessed by a reduction in antral follicle count, reduced concentrations of anti-Müllerian hormone, and increased follicle-stimulating hormone concentrations), enlarged aorta, and increased arterial blood pressure compared with controls. Our study links transient maternal undernutrition and enhanced maternal androgen production with a diminished ovarian reserve as well as potential suboptimal fertility, enlarged aortic trunk size, and enhanced blood pressure independent of alterations in birth weight, postnatal growth, or stress response and glucose tolerance. The implications are that relatively mild transient reductions in maternal nutrition during the first trimester of pregnancy (even those that do not affect gross development) should be avoided to ensure healthy development of reproductive and cardiovascular systems in offspring.
Cardiovascular disease in patients with genotyped familial hypercholesterolemia in Norway during 1994-2009, a registry study.; Background Familial hypercholesterolaemia increases the risk for cardiovascular disease. The primary aim of the present study was to describe sex differences in incidence and prevalence of cardiovascular disease leading to hospitalisation in a complete cohort of genotyped familial hypercholesterolaemia patients. Design and methods In this registry study data on 5538 patients with verified genotyped familial hypercholesterolaemia were linked to data on all Norwegian cardiovascular disease hospitalisations, and hospitalisations due to pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, congenital heart defects and diabetes. Results During 1994-2009 a total of 1411 of familial hypercholesterolaemia patients were hospitalised, and ischaemic heart disease was reported in 90% of them. Mean (SD) age at first hospitalisation and first re-hospitalisation was 45.1 (16.5) and 47.6 (16.3) years, respectively, with no sex differences ( P = 0.66 and P = 0.93, respectively). More men (26.9%) than women (24.1%) with familial hypercholesterolaemia were hospitalised ( P = 0.02). The median (25th-75th percentile) number of hospital admissions was four (two to seven) per familial hypercholesterolaemia patient, with no sex differences ( P = 0.87). Despite having familial hypercholesterolaemia at the time of hospitalisation, the diagnosis of familial hypercholesterolaemia was registered in only 45.7% of the patients at discharge. Conclusion Most cardiovascular disease hospitalisations were due to ischaemic heart disease. Familial hypercholesterolaemia patients were first time hospitalised at age 45.1 years, with no significant sex differences in age, which are important novel findings. The awareness and registration of the familial hypercholesterolaemia diagnosis during the hospital stays were disturbingly low.
For Debate: Growth Hormone Treatment of Infants Born Small for Gestational Age should be Started at or before the First Year of Age.; Children born small for gestational age without early catch-up of somatic growth and head circumference subsequently remain short and suffer from various degrees of neurocognitive and psychological impairment. Based upon the role of growth hormone (GH) and insulin-like growth factor-I on early brain growth and maturation, we propose that GH treatment of these infants be instituted prior to their 2nd birthday.
Serum insulin-like growth factor-binding protein-2 levels and metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors in young adults and children born small for gestational age.; BACKGROUND: IGF binding protein (IGFBP)-2 might protect against cardiovascular disease. Small for gestational age (SGA) birth could be associated with a higher risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in later life. No data are available on the relationship between serum IGFBP-2 levels and cardiovascular risk factors in young adults and children born SGA. OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to determine circulating IGFBP-2 levels in subjects born SGA and to investigate the association with cardiovascular risk factors. METHODS: IGFBP-2 levels were measured in sera from 151 young adults born SGA and 147 short SGA children. Age- and gender-adjusted sd scores (SDS) were calculated. We determined blood pressure, serum lipids, body composition by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, and glucose homeostasis by homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance or frequently sampled iv glucose tolerance test. RESULTS: Serum IGFBP-2 SDS was significantly reduced in SGA young adults (with normal or short stature). Fat mass SDS was relatively high in SGA young adults and was reduced in short SGA children. Serum IGFBP-2 SDS in SGA young adults correlated positively with insulin sensitivity and negatively with fat mass SDS, insulin secretion (acute insulin response), fasting insulin, homeostasis model of assessment for insulin resistance, total cholesterol, triglycerides, and blood pressure SDS. The association between serum IGFBP-2 SDS and insulin sensitivity, blood pressure, total cholesterol, and triglyceride levels persisted after adjustment for known covariates including fat mass SDS. In short SGA children, IGFBP-2 SDS did not correlate with any of the cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSION: In young adults who were born SGA, serum IGFBP-2 levels associate with cardiovascular risk markers.
Epicardial fat thickness in infants of diabetic mothers.; BACKGROUND: Epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in adults and children has been related to the metabolic syndrome and other cardiovascular risk factors; however, scarce studies have evaluated it in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) in whom, alterations in the thickness of the interventricular septum have been reported. This study compares the EFT in IDM versus infants of non-diabetic mothers (INDM) and its association with others echocardiographic parameters. METHODS: We performed a cross sectional study in 93 infants (64 IDM and 29 INDM). To evaluate EFT dimensions, an echocardiogram was performed within the first 24h of extrauterine life in both groups. In diabetic mothers, HbA1c was also determined. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in birth weight between the groups although gestational age was lower in IDM. The EFT (3.6 vs. 2.5 mm, p < 0.0001), the interventricular septum thickness (IVST) (6.2 vs. 5.2 mm, p < 0.0001) and the IVST / left ventricle posterior wall (1.3 vs. 1.1, p = 0.001) were higher in the IDM; while the left ventricular expulsion fraction [LVFE] (71.1 vs. 77.8; p < 0.0001) was lower than in the INDM, respectively. We found a positive correlation between EFT with IVST (r = 0.577; p = 0.0001), LVPW (r = 0.262; p = 0.011), IVST/LVPW index (r = 0.353; p = 0.001), and mitral integral early velocity (r = 0.313; p = 0.002), while a negative correlation with LVFE was observed (r = -0.376; p = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The EFT is higher in IDM than in INDM. It was positively related with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular thickness and negatively with left ventricular ejection function.
Hypertension in Pregnancy and Future Cardiovascular Event Risk in Siblings.; Hypertension in pregnancy is a risk factor for future hypertension and cardiovascular disease. This may reflect an underlying familial predisposition or persistent damage caused by the hypertensive pregnancy. We sought to isolate the effect of hypertension in pregnancy by comparing the risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease in women who had hypertension in pregnancy and their sisters who did not using the dataset from the Genetic Epidemiology Network of Arteriopathy study, which examined the genetics of hypertension in white, black, and Hispanic siblings. This analysis included all sibships with at least one parous woman and at least one other sibling. After gathering demographic and pregnancy data, BP and serum analytes were measured. Disease-free survival was examined using Kaplan-Meier curves and Cox proportional hazards regression. Compared with their sisters who did not have hypertension in pregnancy, women who had hypertension in pregnancy were more likely to develop new onset hypertension later in life, after adjusting for body mass index and diabetes (hazard ratio 1.75, 95% confidence interval 1.27-2.42). A sibling history of hypertension in pregnancy was also associated with an increased risk of hypertension in brothers and unaffected sisters, whereas an increased risk of cardiovascular events was observed in brothers only. These results suggest familial factors contribute to the increased risk of future hypertension in women who had hypertension in pregnancy. Further studies are needed to clarify the potential role of nonfamilial factors. Furthermore, a sibling history of hypertension in pregnancy may be a novel familial risk factor for future hypertension.
Developmental effects of in utero metformin exposure.; According to the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, the intrauterine environment influences fetal programming and development, affecting offspring disease susceptibility in adulthood. In recent years, therapeutic use of the Type 2 diabetes drug metformin has expanded to the treatment of pre-diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and gestational diabetes. Because metformin both undergoes renal excretion and binds to receptors on the placenta, the fetus receives equivalent maternal dosing. Although no teratogenic nor short-term harmful fetal impact of metformin is known to occur, the effects of metformin exposure on longer-range offspring development have not yet been fully elucidated. This review encapsulates the (albeit limited) existing knowledge regarding the potential longer-term impact of intrauterine metformin exposure on the development of key organs including the liver, central nervous system, heart, gut, and endocrine pancreas in animal models and humans. We discuss molecular and cellular mechanisms that would be altered in response to treatment and describe the potential consequences of these developmental changes on postnatal health. Further studies regarding the influence of metformin exposure on fetal programming and adult metabolic health will provide necessary insight to its long-term risks, benefits, and limitations in order to guide decisions for use of metformin during pregnancy.
Prevention of cardiovascular disease in young adults: Focus on gender differences. A collaborative review from the EAS Young Fellows.; A steady rise in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has been observed in young adults within the last decades. This trend corresponds to an increasing prevalence of traditional cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity and diabetes mellitus type 2 among young adults living in developed countries. Moreover, age-specific risk factors, such as substance abuse, contraceptive medication, and pregnancy-related diseases also correlate with an increased incidence of cardiovascular diseases. In this review, we discuss the available data for young adults on the epidemiology and the rationale for the causality of traditional and newly emerging risk factors of atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases. We focus on gender-related differences in the exposure to these risk factors, investigate the recent data regarding screening and risk stratification in the young adult population, and describe the current state of the art on lifestyle and therapeutic intervention strategies in the primary prevention setting.
[Breast arterial calcifications and coronary calcifications: a common link with atherosclerotic subclinical disease?].; Coronary artery calcifications seem to be correlated with a high risk of coronary heart disease. Computed tomography has been shown to be capable of providing accurate, non-invasive measurements of coronary artery calcifications. Coronary calcium is a recognized marker of atherosclerosis. Atherosclerotic burden of coronary arteries correlates strongly with the amount of coronary artery calcifications measured by computed tomography. The presence and extent of breast arterial calcifications detected at mammography has been associated with diabetes and hypertension and it seems to be correlated with the extent of coronary atherosclerosis. This review analyzes the relationship between coronary artery calcifications, breast arterial calcifications and the increased risk of subsequent cardiovascular events.
In vivo hyperglycemia and its effect on Glut-1 expression in the embryonic heart.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes exposes embryos to periods of hyperglycemia. Glucose is important for normal cardiogenesis, and Glut-1 is the predominant glucose transporter in the embryo. METHODS: Pregnant mice were exposed to 6 or 12 hr hyperglycemia during organogenesis using intraperitoneal (IP) injections of D-glucose on gestational day (GD) 9.5 (plug = GD 0.5). Embryos were examined for morphology and total cardiac protein, and embryonic hearts were evaluated for Glut-1 protein and mRNA expression immediately after treatment (GD 9.75, GD 10.0), as well as on GD 10.5 and GD 12.5. RESULTS: IP glucose injections were effective in producing sustained maternal hyperglycemia. Maternal hyperglycemia for 6 or 12 hr on GD 9.5, followed by normoglycemia, produced a decrease in overall size and total cardiac protein in embryos evaluated on GD 10.5 but no difference on GD 12.5. Cardiac Glut-1 expression was immediately upregulated in embryos exposed to 6 or 12 hr maternal hyperglycemia. On GD 10.5, cardiac Glut-1 expression was not different in embryos exposed to maternal hyperglycemia for 6 hr but was downregulated in embryos exposed for 12 hr. On GD 12.5, cardiac Glut-1 expression in embryos exposed to maternal hyperglycemia on GD 9.5 for 6 or 12 hr, followed by normoglycemia, was not different from controls. The temporal pattern was the same for Glut-1 protein and mRNA expression. CONCLUSIONS: Hyperglycemia-induced alterations in Glut-1 expression likely interfere with balance of glucose available to the embryonic heart that may affect cardiac morphogenesis.
Singh's verbal autopsy questionnaire for the assessment of causes of death, social autopsy, tobacco autopsy and dietary autopsy, based on medical records and interview.; INTRODUCTION: The exact causes of death in India are not known because autopsy studies are difficult to conduct due to religious considerations. There are rapid changes in diet and lifestyle amongst social classes causing changes in the pattern of risk factors and mortality. In the present study, we attempt to develop a verbal autopsy questionnaire based on medical records and interview of a family member, for the assessment of causes of death, social class, tobacco consumption and dietary intakes among urban decedents in north India. METHODS: For the period 1999-2001, we studied the randomly selected records of death of 2222 (1385 men and 837 women) decedents, aged 25-64 years, out of 3034 death records overall from the records at the Municipal Corporation, Moradabad. Families of these decedents were contacted individually to find out the causes of death, by scientist- administered, informed-consented, verbal autopsy questionnaire, completed with the help of the spouse and local treating doctor practicing in the appropriate health care region. Clinical data and causes of death were assessed by a questionnaire based on available hospital records and a modified WHO verbal autopsy questionnaire. Dietary intakes of the dead individuals were estimated by finding out the food intake of the spouse from 3-day dietary diaries and by asking probing questions about differences in food intake by the decedents. Tobacco consumption of the victim was studied by a questionnaire administered to family members. Social classes were assessed by a questionnaire based on attributes of per capita income, occupation, education, housing and ownership of consumer luxury items in the household. The diagnoses of overweight and obesity were based on the new WHO and International College of Nutrition criteria. RESULTS: Cardiac diseases (23.4%, n = 520) including coronary artery disease (10%), valvular heart disease (7.2%, n = 160), diabetic heart disease (2.2%, n = 49), sudden cardiac death and inflammatory cardiac disease, each (2.0%, n = 44) were the most common causes of deaths as reported using the modified verbal autopsy questionnaire. Brain diseases including stroke (7.8%, n = 175) and inflammatory brain disease were reported amongst 1.9% (n = 42) victims.Thus, NCDs (37.0%, n = 651); circulatory diseases (31.2%, n = 695) including stroke and cardiac diseases, and malignant neoplasms (5.8%, n = 131) emerged as the most common causes of death. Injury and accidents (14.0%, n = 313) including fire, falls and poisonings were also common. Miscellaneous causes of death were observed amongst 8.5% (n = 189) of victims. Pregnancy and perinatal causes (0.72%, n = 15) were not commonly recorded in our study. Renal diseases (11.2%, n = 250), pulmonary diseases (22.3%, n = 495) and liver diseases (4.8%, n =107) were also commonly recorded causes of death. It is clear that causes of death related to various body systems can be more accurately assessed by the modified verbal autopsy questionnaire. Circulatory diseases as the cause of mortality were significantly more common among higher social classes (1-3) than in lower social classes (4 and 5) who died more often, due to infections. Death due to coronary disease, stroke, hypertension, diabetes and obesity were significantly more common among higher social classes 1-3 and among victims with higher body mass index (BMI) compared to social class 4 and 5 who had lower BMI. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicates that causes of death, social class, tobacco and dietary intakes, can be accurately assessed by a modified verbal autopsy questionnaire based on medical records and by interview of family members. Circulatory diseases, injury-accidents and maligant diseases have become the major causes of death in India, apart from infections.
Estimating the effect of timing of earned income tax credit refunds on perinatal outcomes: a quasi-experimental study of California births.; BACKGROUND: The largest poverty alleviation program in the US is the earned income tax credit (EITC), providing $60 billion to over 25 million families annually. While research has shown positive impacts of EITC receipt in pregnancy, there is little evidence on whether the timing of receipt may lead to differences in pregnancy outcomes. We used a quasi-experimental difference-in-differences design, taking advantage of EITC tax disbursement each spring to examine whether trimester of receipt was associated with perinatal outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a difference-in-differences analysis of California linked birth certificate and hospital discharge records. The sample was drawn from the linked CA birth certificate and discharge records from 2007-2012 (N = 2,740,707). To predict eligibility, we created a probabilistic algorithm in the Panel Study of Income Dynamics and applied it to the CA data. Primary outcome measures included preterm birth, small-for-gestational age (SGA), gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. RESULTS: Eligibility for EITC receipt during the third trimester was associated with a lower risk of preterm birth compared with preconception. Eligibility for receipt in the preconception period resulted in improved gestational hypertension and SGA. CONCLUSION: This analysis offers a novel method to impute EITC eligibility using a probabilistic algorithm in a data set with richer sociodemographic information relative to the clinical and administrative data sets from which outcomes are drawn. These results could be used to determine the optimal intervention time point for future income supplementation policies. Future work should examine frequent income supplementation such as the minimum wage or basic income programs.
Insulin resistance syndrome in children.; The insulin resistance syndrome (syndrome X, metabolic syndrome) has become the major health problem of our times. Associated obesity, dyslipidemia, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes conspire to shorten life spans, while hyperandrogenism with polycystic ovarian syndrome affect the quality of life and fertility of increasing numbers of women. Whereas a growing number of single genetic diseases affecting satiety or energy metabolism have been found to produce the clinical phenotype, strong familial occurrences, especially in racially prone groups such as those from the Indian subcontinent, or individuals of African, Hispanic, and American Indian descents, together with emerging genetic findings, are revealing the polygenetic nature of the syndrome. However, the strong lifestyle factors of excessive carbohydrate and fat consumption and lack of exercise are important keys to the phenotypic expression of the syndrome. The natural history includes small for gestational age birth weight, excessive weight gains during childhood, premature pubarche, an allergic diathesis, acanthosis nigricans, striae compounded by gynecomastia, hypertriglyceridemia, hepatic steatosis, premature atherosclerosis, hypertension, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and focal glomerulonephritis appearing increasingly through adolescence into adulthood. Type 2 diabetes, which develops because of an inherent and/or an acquired failure of an insulin compensatory response, is increasingly seen from early puberty onward, as is atheromatous disease leading to coronary heart disease and stroke. A predisposition to certain cancers and Alzheimer's disease is also now recognized. The looming tragedy from growing numbers of individuals affected by obesity/insulin resistance syndrome requires urgent public health approaches directed at their early identification and intervention during childhood. Such measures include educating the public on the topic, limiting the consumption of sucrose-containing drinks and foods with high carbohydrate and fat contents, and promoting exercise programs in our nation's homes and schools.
24-hour Holter findings in infants with in-utero exposure to the Zika virus: a series of cases.; Severe neurological problems and other special manifestations such as high prevalence of structural cardiac changes has been described in infants vertically exposed to the Zika virus (ZIKV) and has been called congenital Zika virus syndrome (CZS). Previous studies have shown that the 24-hour Holter heart rate variability (HRV) analysis allows the prediction of worse outcomes in infants with neurological impairment and higher risk of sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), hypertension, diabetes mellitus and other cardiovascular diseases. This study describes the 24-hour Holter findings of infants with confirmed vertical exposure to the ZIKV by positive polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assays in the mother's blood during pregnancy and/or in the urine or cerebrospinal fluid of the newborn. Data analysis was descriptive and included two subgroups according to the presence of fetal distress, positive PCR to ZIKV in the newborn, CZS and severe microcephaly. Heart rate, pauses, arrhythmias, ST segment and QT interval analyses and HRV evaluation through R-R, SDNN, pNN50 and rMMSD were described. The Mann-Whitney test was performed to assess differences between the two subgroups. The sample consisted of 15 infants with a mean age of 16 months, nine of whom were male. No arrhythmias or QT interval changes were observed. The comparison of HRV through the Mann-Whitney test showed a significant difference between patients with and without CZS, with and without severe microcephaly, with lower HRV in the groups with severe microcephaly and CZS. The study suggests that there is an increased risk of SIDS and cardiovascular diseases in this group of patients.
Preeclampsia Is Associated With Increased Preclinical Carotid Atherosclerosis in Women With Type 1 Diabetes.; PURPOSE: Although preeclampsia (PE) is a well-established cardiovascular risk factor (CVRF) in the general population, its role in type 1 diabetes (T1D) has been scarcely studied. We assessed the association between PE and preclinical atherosclerosis in T1D. METHODS: We recruited 112 women without cardiovascular disease and last pregnancy ≥5 years before: (1) T1D and previous PE (T1D+/PE+; n = 28); (2) T1D without preeclampsia (T1D+/PE-; n = 28); (3) previous PE without T1D (T1D-/PE+; n = 28); and (4) controls (without T1D or PE; T1D-/PE-; n = 28). Groups were matched by age, several CVRFs, and diabetes duration and retinopathy (in T1D participants). Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and the presence of plaque (IMT ≥ 1.5 mm) were assessed by standardized ultrasonography protocol. RESULTS: Mean age of the participants was 44.9 ± 7.8 years (14.3% hypertension and 21.4% active smokers). Groups including T1D (T1D+/PE+ and T1D+/PE-) more frequently presented hypertension and statin treatment (23.2% vs 5.4% and 37.5% vs 8.9%; respectively; P < 0.01), without differences in other CVRFs. Carotid plaques were observed in 20.5%. In multivariate models adjusted for age, CVRF, and statins, both T1D and PE showed a similar impact on the presence of plaque, with odds ratios (95% confidence interval), 5.45 (1.36-21.9) and 4.24 (1.04-17.3), respectively. Both entities showed an additive effect when combined, both in common carotid-IMT (T1D+/PE- or T1D-/PE+, β = 0.198; T1D+/PE+, β = 0.297) and in the presence of plaque (8.53 [1.07-68.2] and 28.1 [2.67-296.4], respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Previous PE was independently associated with preclinical atherosclerosis in T1D. Further studies are needed to ascertain its usefulness for stratifying risk in T1D women.
Maternal cardiac disease: update for the clinician.; Heart disease complicates more than 1% of pregnancies and is now the leading cause of indirect maternal deaths. The spectrum and severity of heart disease observed in reproductive-aged women is changing. Today, congenital heart disease accounts for more than half of cardiac disease in pregnancy, and ischemic heart disease is on the rise as a result of obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and delayed childbearing. Pregnancy is still contraindicated in women with pulmonary hypertension, severe systemic ventricular dysfunction, dilated aortopathy, and severe left-sided obstructive lesions, but advances in medical and surgical management have resulted in an increasing number of patients with congenital heart defects reaching childbearing age who are interested in pregnancy. A multidisciplinary approach can best determine whether acceptable outcomes can be expected and what management strategies may improve the prognosis for pregnant women with heart disease.
[Radical complications of obesity].; Obesity increases overall morbidity mainly by the increased mass of fat tissues and by the hyperproduction of pro-inflammatory molecules by the abdominal tissue. Coronary artery disease, metabolic syndrome or diabetes mellitus are the main complications linked to the inflammatory low-grade syndrome whereas arthritis is linked to the adipocytes mass. Many other complications are associated with obesity: steato-hepatitis, glomerulo-sclerosis, digestive diseases such as gallstones, hypofertility, psychosocial dysfunction and depression and certain cancers. Obesity is also a risk factor for pregnancy and surgery. Most of these complications are reversible after a substantial weight loss.
Development of Local RAS in Cardiovascular/Body Fluid Regulatory Systems and Hypertension in Fetal Origins.; The renin–angiotensin system (RAS) plays important roles in physiological control of cardiovascular systems and body fluid homeostasis in adults, and also in the pathogenesis of various cardiovascular (e.g., hypertension, stroke, ischemic heart disease), metabolic (e.g., diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome), and renal (e.g., glomerulitis, renal fibrosis) diseases (Barker 2002; Bichu et al. 2009; Carey and Siragy 2003; Nilsson et al. 2005; Re 2004a; Seckl and Holmes 2007). Since the theory of adult diseases in fetal origins was introduced, the development of the RAS in normal and abnormal patterns before birth has attracted considerable attention. A variety of evidence has demonstrated that the prenatal RAS is important, as an endocrine and paracrine system, in the control of body fluid homeostasis and neuroendocrine functions. This system is subject to a number of conditions or environmental insults during pregnancy and, through plasticity phenomena, could cause alterations either in physiological functions or morphological phenotypes related to blood pressure and body fluid homeostasis. The classic RAS means systemic or circulatory RAS, but growing evidence has demonstrated that almost all tissues and organs, and even single cells (e.g., cardiomyocyte, neuron), possess all components of RAS (Kumar et al. 2007; Re 2004b). This chapter focuses on the functional development of local RAS related to control of fetal cardiovascular and body fluid homeostasis, and impact of alternations of RAS during development in utero on “programming” of cardiovascular diseases. The ontogeny of local RAS in the fetal brain, cardiovascular, and renal systems is reviewed, then we discuss the functions of local RAS in regulation of organ development during prenatal period, and finally we consider the possible role or involvement of an altered RAS during critical developmental periods in health or diseases in later life.
Developmental origins of adult disease.; Variation in the quality or quantity of nutrients consumed during pregnancy can exert permanent and powerful effects upon the developing fetus. This programming of fetal development is emerging as a new risk factor for non-communicable diseases of adulthood, including coronary heart disease and the metabolic syndrome. Epidemiological studies show that indicators of nutritional deficit in pregnancy are associated with greater risk of diabetes and cardiovascular mortality. The study of programming in relation to disease processes has been advanced by the development of animal models, which have utilized both under- and overfeeding of specific nutrients in pregnancy. Studies of this nature support the nutritional programming hypothesis and provide tools with which to examine the mechanisms through which programming may occur. Studies of animals subject to undernutrition in utero generally exhibit changes in the structure of key organs, such as the kidney and pancreas. These effects are consistent with the concept that programming influences remodel the development of organs. The causal pathways which extend from tissue remodelling to disease processes are relatively well characterised. In contrast, the processes which drive disordered organ development are poorly understood. It is noteworthy that minor perturbation of maternal nutritional status can programme fetal development. It is suggested therefore that programming is a product of altered expression of key genes. This drives the tissue remodelling response and future disease risk.
Evaluation of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Their Association With Coronary Artery Disease in Pakistani Adults.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs), especially coronary artery disease (CAD), are a major health burden, and their incidence is rising in countries like Pakistan. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this research was to assess the prevalence and association of cardiovascular risk factors with CAD in Pakistani adults. METHODOLOGY: The research was carried out from January 2023 to December 2023 at the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences (PIMS) Islamabad and Shifa International Hospital Islamabad, Pakistan, using a cross-sectional design. Based on predefined criteria, 320 individuals who were Pakistani nationals and over the age of 18 years old were included. Those having a history of congenital heart disease, pregnancy, significant comorbidities, coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), or percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) were excluded. Medical, lifestyle, and demographic data were collected, and clinical evaluations were carried out by qualified healthcare workers. The data was analyzed using descriptive statistics and relevant statistical tests. A p<0.05 was statistically significant. RESULTS: The study investigated cardiovascular risk factors and demographic traits in 320 adult Pakistanis. The majority of participants (n=181; 56.56%) were male and aged between 18 and 45. University education was predominant (n=170; 53.13%). Specifically, 147 participants (45.94%) had dyslipidemia, 74 (23.12%) had diabetes mellitus, and 112 (35.0%) had hypertension. Diabetes mellitus (OR: 9.60, 95% CI: 4.52-20.38, p<0.001), dyslipidemia (OR: 1.88, 95% CI: 1.29-2.75, p=0.001), and hypertension (OR: 2.67, 95% CI: 1.72-4.15, p<0.001) showed significant correlations with CAD. Poor socioeconomic status (OR: 3.00, 95% CI: 1.31-6.89, p=0.009) and genetic propensity (OR: 2.00, 95% CI: 1.02-3.92, p=0.040) were also significantly associated with CAD. CONCLUSION: Our study highlights diabetes as strongly linked to CAD in Pakistani adults, while socioeconomic status emerges as a significant predictor.
Evaluation of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Their Association With Coronary Artery Disease in Pakistani Adults.; WHAT IS THE ISSUE? Choline is an essential nutrient produced by humans and animals and is important during pregnancy, fetal growth, and the development of the brain and nervous system. Most people do not get enough choline from their diet. Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders (FASD) are a set of conditions where fetuses have been exposed to alcohol and this affects memory, learning, and development from early childhood to later life. Choline supplements are products used to complement choline-deficient diets. Given the role of choline in fetal development, choline supplements are a potential intervention to support pregnancy or to mitigate the developmental harms in children from prenatal exposure to alcohol if supported by evidence of their effectiveness for these purposes. WHAT DID WE DO? To inform decisions about the use and timing of choline supplementation to support health outcomes in infants and children, CADTH sought to identify and summarize the literature about the effectiveness and safety of choline supplementation given to any pregnant people or given to children with either prenatal alcohol exposure or FASD. We also attempted to identify evidence-based recommendations for using choline supplementation in these populations. We searched key resources and conducted a focused internet search for relevant evidence published since 2014. One reviewer screened articles for inclusion based on predefined criteria, critically appraised the included studies, and narratively summarized the findings. WHAT DID WE FIND? We found few publications investigating this topic, and several studies had low statistical power and imprecise results. The clinical evidence was mixed depending on whether choline was given to the pregnant person or child, which interventional groups were compared, what the clinical exposures or diagnoses were in the study population, the time point and duration of choline supplementation, which outcomes were measured, and how old children were during follow-up. For choline supplementation in healthy pregnant people, evidence was mixed for infant and child neurocognitive and neurodevelopmental outcomes or behavioural symptoms; there were little-to-no differences in safety outcomes. For choline supplementation in pregnant people exposed to alcohol, evidence was mixed for infant and child neurocognitive and neurodevelopmental outcomes, body size, and brain region sizes; some minor side effects were reported overall. For choline supplementation in children with FASD, most evidence showed little-to-no benefits for neurocognitive and neurodevelopmental outcomes, and brain structure; limited evidence showed higher fishy body odour and some other unspecified adverse symptoms for children given choline. Guidelines based mostly on low-quality evidence or expert opinion recommend that all pregnant people, including those with gestational diabetes mellitus or on vegan or vegetarian diets, increase their choline intake through diet or supplements. We did not find clinical effectiveness evidence for choline supplementation in infants with FASD, or guidelines regarding choline supplementation in either infants or children with FASD, that met inclusion criteria for our report. WHAT DOES IT MEAN? Health care professionals and decision-makers can use this evidence to inform decisions around applicability of choline supplementation for pregnant people, or for infants and children with FASD, in their practice. There may be a need to balance the knowledge that choline intake is low at the population level and important for fetal development with the identified clinical effectiveness evidence for choline supplementation, which was limited and mixed for all evaluated patient populations. Careful consideration of the following may also be important to inform decisions about the appropriateness of choline supplementation: the care plan and other intensive and concurrent interventions for children with FASD; stigma and challenges faced by pregnant people and children in the context of prenatal alcohol exposure; cultural dietary practices; and accessibility, cost, and availability of supplements.
Association of elevated free fatty acids during late pregnancy with preterm delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between moderately elevated maternal plasma free fatty acids (FFAs) during late pregnancy and preterm delivery. METHODS: In a prospective observational cohort with 523 healthy pregnant women, fasting plasma FFAs were measured during the third trimester. Socioeconomic, demographic, and anthropometric measures were collected at entry to prenatal care, and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from medical record at delivery. RESULTS: After control for confounders including prepregnant body mass index (multiple logistic regression analysis), women who had moderately elevated plasma FFAs (in the highest tertile), showed a greater than threefold increased risk of preterm delivery (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 3.49, 95% (CI) 1.73-7.03, P<.001). The associations persisted in women who had spontaneous preterm delivery (AOR 2.35, 95% CI 1.05-5.28, P<.05) and after excluding women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia (AOR 3.30, 95% CI 1.38-7.87, P<.01). Additional stratified analyses showed that the association of high maternal FFAs and increased risk of preterm delivery was independent of prepregnant obesity. CONCLUSION: Elevated fasting plasma FFA levels at 30 weeks of gestation were associated with an increased risk of preterm delivery. This effect was independent of prepregnant obesity and several other known risk factors for preterm delivery, including cigarette smoking, ethnicity, and prior preterm delivery. These data may have important clinical significance because they provide a possible link between preterm delivery and high lipid levels, a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Relationship between diabetic retinopathy and diabetic nephropathy; A longitudinal follow-up study from a tertiary care unit of Karachi, Pakistan.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the development and progression of diabetic retinopathy in subjects with diabetic nephropathy. METHODOLOGY: This retrospective longitudinal follow up study was conducted in outpatient department of Baqai Institute of Diabetology and Endocrinology (BIDE), a tertiary care diabetes unit of Karachi Pakistan, from January 2005 to December 2016. Type 2 diabetic subjects with newly diagnosed diabetic nephropathy (DN) and sex-age matched controls were identified from the electronic database of the institute, Health Management System (HMS). Subjects with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes and subjects with diabetic retinopathy (DR) at the baseline of both DN and non-DN group were excluded from the study. Statistical analyses were conducted by using SPSS version 20. RESULT: Out of 3056 type 2 diabetic subjects, 2389 were with DN and 667 were without DN. The incidence of retinopathy was found to be 21.7 per 1000 person years. The incidence rate ratio (IRR) of 2.57 (1.92-3.43) showed that retinopathy was significantly higher in subjects with DN as compared to subjects without DN. Kaplan-Meier survival plot confirmed that subjects with DN had a worse diabetic retinopathy-free survival than subjects without DN. CONCLUSION: Diabetic nephropathy is an independent risk factor for the development and progression of diabetic retinopathy.
Antibodies to GAD in Japanese diabetic patients: a multicenter study.; We determined the prevalence of antibodies to glutamic acid decarboxylase (anti-GAD) in Japanese diabetic patients. Anti-GAD were detected by RIP Anti-GAD Hoechst, which is a new sensitive radioimmunoassay (RIA) kit using purified pig brain GAD as the antigen. One thousand nine hundred Japanese patients were collected by the Study Group for Antibodies to GAD. The prevalence of anti-GAD in the subjects of this study was: 35.4% (326/921) in all patients with IDDM, 50.3% (96/191) in patients with IDDM less than 1-year duration, 4.3% (29/680) in NIDDM, 37.9% (39/103) in slowly progressive IDDM, 10.5% (4/38) in gestational diabetes mellitus, 0% (0/27) in impaired glucose tolerance, 4.8% (6/124) in the school children with glycosuria, 2.1% (1/47) in the relatives of IDDM and 5.0% (1/20) in neurological diseases without diabetes. The prevalence in normal subjects was 2.2% (7/323). Anti-GAD are frequently detected by the RIA kit in patients with IDDM of short duration and this assay may be useful for population screening for IDDM and for better understanding of its pathogenesis.
Epigenetic epidemiology: the rebirth of soft inheritance.; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs), such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, constitute the main cause of death worldwide. Eighty percent of these deaths occur in low- and middle-income countries, especially as these countries undergo socio-economic improvement following reductions in the burden of infectious disease. The World Health Organization predicts a substantial increase in the incidence of NCDs over the next decade globally. NCDs are generally preventable, but current approaches are clearly inadequate. New initiatives are needed to implement such prevention, and there needs to be greater recognition that early-life interventions are likely to be the most efficacious. Devising appropriate prevention strategies necessitates an understanding of how the developmental environment influences risk. Progress in this field has been slow due to an excessive emphasis on fixed genomic variations (hard inheritance) as the major determinants of disease susceptibility. However, new evidence demonstrates the much greater importance of early-life developmental factors, involving epigenetic processes and 'soft' inheritance in modulating an individual's vulnerability to NCD. This also offers opportunities for novel epigenetic biomarkers of risk or interventions targeting epigenetic pathways to be devised for use in early life. This may pave the way to much more effective, customised interventions to promote health across the life course.
Preventive effect of aspirin on preeclampsia in high-risk pregnant women with stage 1 hypertension.; Studies reported that women in a low-risk cohort with stage 1 hypertension defined as 130-139 mmHg/80-89 mmHg, according to the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association, are more likely to develop into preeclampsia than women with normotensive in the early gestation. In this study, the authors investigated whether preeclampsia was more likely to occur in stage 1 hypertensive women compared to the normotensive pregnant women in a high-risk cohort, which was based on the randomized controlled trial of "Low-dose Aspirin in the Prevention of Preeclampsia in China." Meanwhile, the authors further evaluated the preventive effect of aspirin for preeclampsia in stage 1 hypertension subset. In women enrolled at or before 16 weeks of gestation, in the control group, the preeclampsia occurrence was significantly higher in stage 1 hypertensive woman than in the normotensive women (20.4% vs. 6.2%, aOR 3.960, 95% CI 1.299-12.074, p = .016), while no difference was observed in the aspirin group (4.5% vs. 4.2%, aOR 0.921, 95% CI 0.140-6.070, p = .932). In stage 1 hypertension, the incidences of preeclampsia and preterm birth were significantly lower in the aspirin group as compared to the control group (4.5% vs. 20.4%, aOR 0.139, 95% CI 0.027-0.716, p = .018; 4.5% vs. 18.4%, aOR 0.141, 95% CI 0.025-0.782, p = .025). Compared with the control group, the aspirin group displayed significantly prolonged gestational age at delivery (38.6 ± 1.2 vs. 37.4 ± 3.4, p = .042). This study indicates that the newly classified stage 1 hypertension might be an additional risk factor for preeclampsia in Chinese high-risk pregnant women, and aspirin intervention might be useful.
Fetal Heart Monitor Tracing in a Pregnancy Complicated by a Ruptured Fetal Vessel on the Placenta: A Case Report.; BACKGROUND: This report describes the fetal heart rate (FHR) tracing in a pregnancy complicated by antenatal spontaneous rupture of fetal vessels on the placental surface that resulted in a live birth. CASE: 36-year-old woman, G2P1001, was being followed with weekly antenatal testing for gestational diabetes type A2 on insulin with possible intrauterine growth restriction. She presented for an office visit at 37.5 weeks' gestation with a complaint of decreased fetal movement. The FHR pattern demonstrated minimal baseline variability with an occasional spontaneous deceleration not associated with a contraction, an absence of recurrent decelerations, and no accelerations. The antenatal evaluation is discussed, and portions of the FHR tracing and the placental findings at delivery are provided. CONCLUSION: The FHR pattern did not fit with what is usually depicted with uteroplacental insufficiency or umbilical cord entrapment. In addition, even though the fetus is anemic, the process may occur too quickly for a sinusoidal pattern to develop.
Type 1 and other types of diabetes mellitus in the perioperative period. What the anaesthetist should know.; Diabetes mellitus is often treated as a uniform disease in the perioperative period. Type 2 diabetes is most commonly encountered, and only a minority of surgical patients have been diagnosed with another type of diabetes. Patients with a specific type of diabetes can be particularly prone to perioperative glycaemic dysregulation. In addition, certain type-related features and pitfalls should be taken into account in the operating theatre. In this narrative review, we discuss characteristics of types of diabetes other than type 2 diabetes relevant to the anaesthetist, based on available literature and data from our clinic.
The effect of synbiotic supplementation on atherogenic indices, hs-CRP, and malondialdehyde, as major CVD-related parameters, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a secondary data-analysis of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Women with GDM have a higher risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Meanwhile, synbiotics have been demonstrated to have favorable impacts on atherogenic indices, and inflammatory and oxidative stress indicators, all of which are known to be CVD-predictive factors. The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on the atherogenic indices of plasma, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) in women with GDM. METHODS: Eligible pregnant women with GDM were randomized into two groups to receive a daily synbiotic capsule [500 mg of L.acidophilus(5 × 10(10) CFU/g), L.plantarum(1.5 × 10(10) CFU/g), L.fermentum(7 × 10(9) CFU/g), L.Gasseri(2 × 10(10) CFU/g) and 38.5 mg of fructo-oligo-saccharides], or placebo, for 6 weeks. The ratios of TC/HDL-C, LDL/HDL-C, and logTG/HDL-C were calculated as the atherogenic indices. Serum hs-CRP and MDA concentrations were quantified before and after the intervention. Cohen's d(d) was used to calculate the magnitude of the effect. RESULTS: Ninety participants completed the study. There was no significant difference in dietary antioxidant and mineral intakes between the two groups. Compared with placebo, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in logTG/HDL-C ratio with a medium-low effect size (mean difference = -0.11; 95% CI -0.21, 0; P values for the placebo and the intervention groups were 0.02, and 0.042, respectively; P between groups = 0.003; d = 0.25). No significant changes were observed in other parameters. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, 6 weeks of synbiotic supplementation in women with GDM resulted in a significant improvement in logTG/HDL-C, suggesting that synbiotics may have a beneficial role in reducing the risk of future CVDs associated with GDM. Nevertheless, more studies are needed to confirm the veracity of these results. Trial Registration IRCT201511183140N16 (December 29th, 2015).
Neonatal infarction within basal cerebral vein territory.; In this report, an unusual intracranial haemorrhage in a term male infant born to a mother with diabetes is explained on the basis of occlusion of both basal veins of Rosenthal. This diagnosis relies on anatomical location and iconographic aspect of the clots. Evidence that this vessel is occluded cannot be ascertained from ultrasound or MR angiographic techniques in the neonatal period. The basal vein has not been implicated in previous reports of neonatal brain haemorrhage.
Insulin resistance may accelerate typical changes in heart function among type 1 diabetes patients, particularly in overweight patients: a preliminary study.; INTRODUCTION: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is a metabolic disease characterized by insulin deficiency and subsequent hyperglycemia. Cardiovascular diseases are the prime cause of mortality and morbidity among patients with T1D. Accumulating metabolic disturbances and accelerated cardiac fibrosis fuel the development of heart dysfunction. As insulin resistance (IR) is a risk factor for the development and worsened course of heart failure, this study aimed to assess its impact on heart function in patients with T1D. METHODS: Adult participants were recruited prospectively. The inclusion criteria included a diagnosis of T1D. The exclusion criteria were other types of diabetes, symptoms/treatment of heart failure, AST and/or ALT exceeding the upper reference limit by ≥2x, hepatitis, alcoholism, metformin treatment, and pregnancy. The participants underwent a medical interview, physical examination, biochemical test, and echocardiography. RESULTS: The mean age in the study group was 38 ± 9.6 years, and the mean diabetes duration was 21.8 ± 11.3 years. The median BMI in the study cohort was 23.39 kg/m(2). Patients with IR had significantly lower mitral E/A ratio and left ventricular and left atrial volume ratio (LVLAVR), higher LV mass index, and presented with altered mitral annular velocities. CONCLUSIONS: IR seems to accelerate the pattern of typical changes in heart function among patients with T1D, especially in the overweight subgroup.
Analysis of correlation factors and pregnancy outcomes of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy - a secondary analysis of a random sampling in Beijing, China.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the prevalence and risk factors for hypertensive disorders and to study the main pregnancy outcomes in the Beijing area of China. STUDY DESIGN: This study randomly sampled 15 hospitals in Beijing from Jun 2013 to Nov 2013 and evaluated 15 194 deliveries. Logistic regression analysis was used to study the association between risk factors and hypertensive disorders. Pregnancy outcomes included preterm birth, cesarean delivery and small for gestational age (SGA). RESULTS: The prevalence of hypertensive disorders, preeclampsia (PE) and severe PE was 4.4, 2.7 and 1.8%, respectively. The risk factors for hypertensive disorders and severe PE were maternal body mass index before pregnancy, gestational weight gain (GWG), gestational diabetes and pre-gestational diabetes, and third trimester cholesterol (CHOL) levels. First trimester high-density lipoprotein was a protective factor for severe PE. The incidence of hypertensive disorders increased with maternal age. Preterm delivery, cesarean delivery and small infant size for gestational age were more prevalent in the severe PE group compared with the non-hypertensive group. CONCLUSIONS: In the Beijing area of China, maternal body mass index before pregnancy, GWG, maternal complications of gestational diabetes and pre-gestational diabetes, and third trimester CHOL levels are risk factors for both hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and severe PE. First trimester high-density lipoprotein is a protective factor for severe PE. Severe preeclampsia leads to a higher incidence of preterm delivery, cesarean delivery and SGA infants.
Association between maternal chronic conditions and congenital heart defects: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: This study quantifies the association between maternal medical conditions/illnesses and congenital heart defects (CHDs) among infants. METHODS AND RESULTS: We carried out a population-based study of all mother-infant pairs (n=2,278,838) in Canada (excluding Quebec) from 2002 to 2010 using data from the Canadian Institute for Health Information. CHDs among infants were classified phenotypically through a hierarchical grouping of International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Revision, Canada codes. Maternal conditions such as multifetal pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and congenital heart disease were defined by use of diagnosis codes. The association between maternal conditions and CHDs and its subtypes was modeled using logistic regression with adjustment for maternal age, parity, residence, and other factors. There were 26 488 infants diagnosed with CHDs at birth or at rehospitalization in infancy; the overall CHD prevalence was 116.2 per 10,000 live births, of which the severe CHD rate was 22.3 per 10,000. Risk factors for CHD included maternal age ≥40 years (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.48; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.39-1.58), multifetal pregnancy (aOR, 4.53; 95% CI, 4.28-4.80), diabetes mellitus (type 1: aOR, 4.65; 95% CI, 4.13-5.24; type 2: aOR, 4.12; 95% CI, 3.69-4.60), hypertension (aOR, 1.81; 95% CI, 1.61-2.03), thyroid disorders (aOR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.26-1.67), congenital heart disease (aOR, 9.92; 95% CI, 8.36-11.8), systemic connective tissue disorders (aOR, 3.01; 95% CI, 2.23-4.06), and epilepsy and mood disorders (aOR, 1.41; 95% CI, 1.16-1.72). Specific CHD subtypes were associated with different maternal risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: Several chronic maternal medical conditions, including diabetes mellitus, hypertension, connective tissue disorders, and congenital heart disease, confer an increased risk of CHD in the offspring.
Associations between hypertension with reproductive and menopausal factors: An integrated women's health programme (IWHP) study.; BACKGROUND: Women are less likely to have classic cardiovascular risk factors than men, and events during their reproductive and menopausal years may increase hypertension risk. The aim of this study is to examine woman-specific factors, including menstrual, reproductive and pregnancy complications, in relation to the prevalence of hypertension in mid-life Asian women. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study of 1146 healthy women aged 45-69 years, from a multi-ethnic Asian cohort. The women completed an extensive questionnaire that included their sociodemographic details, medical history, lifestyle and physical activity, and reproductive and menopausal history. They also underwent objectively measured physical performance tests and a dual X-ray absorptiometry scan. Hypertension was defined as a systolic BP ≥140 and/or diastolic BP ≥90mm Hg, past diagnosis by a physician, or use of antihypertensive medications. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the independent risk factors for hypertension. RESULTS: The average age of the 1146 women analysed was 56.3 (SD 6.2) years, and 55.2 percent of them were hypertensive. The prevalence of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension was 12.6% and 9.4%, respectively. Besides age, abnormal menstrual cycle length at 25 years of age (OR:2.35, CI:1.34-4.13), preeclampsia (OR:2.46, CI:1.06-5.74), increased visceral adiposity (OR:4.21, CI:2.28-7.79) and reduced physical performance (OR:2.83, CI:1.46-5.47) were independently associated with hypertension in Asian women. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings highlight the necessity of including features of menstrual and reproductive history as possible indicators of hypertension risk in cardiovascular disease risk assessment and prevention among Asian women. Reducing visceral adiposity and exercise to improve physical performance may help women avoid developing hypertension.
Association between the need for palliative care and chronic diseases in patients treated in a peruvian hospital.; OBJECTIVES. To assess the association between chronic disease (CD) and the need for palliative care (NPC). MATERIALS AND METHODS. An analytical cross-sectional study was carried out in a Peruvian hospital during 2019. Patients hospitalized with CD were included, and pregnant women and those hospitalized in critical units were excluded. The SPICT-ESTM instrument was used to assess the NPC; sociodemographic and clinical characteristics were also evaluated. The strength of association was calculated with Poisson regressions with robust variance to estimate crude prevalence ratios (PR) and adjusted prevalence ratios (aPR) by confounders. RESULTS. A total of 172 patients were evaluated, the mean age was 61 years, where 54.7% were male and 123 patients had NPC. In the crude model, we found an association with having cerebrovascular disease (PR: 1.23; p=0.028), any type of cancer (PR: 1.38; p<0.001), heart disease (PR: 1.29; p=0.007), nephropathy (PR: 1.42, p<0.001) and Alzheimer's disease (PR: 1.42; p<0.001). The association was maintained for most of the evaluated CDs in the adjusted model, except for heart disease (aPR: 1.11; p=0.320). The association strength was lower for diabetes mellitus (PR: 0.78; p=0.044). CONCLUSION. NPC in hospitalized chronically ill patients is high and more frequent in patients with cancer, cerebrovascular disease, renal problems and Alzheimer's disease. Care programs for patients with diabetes mellitus may decrease NPC.
Study of early detection of cardiovascular risk factors in children born small (SGA) and review of literature.; Many children are born small for gestational age (SGA), due to intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) and in recent years we have witnessed an increase in the prevalence of this problem. In our region, Aragon, 5% of children (between 550-600 per year) are born SGA, which represents a serious public health problem. Some studies have suggested that these patients have a higher risk of suffering from high blood pressure (HBP), dyslipidemia, obesity, insulin resistant diabetes and atherosclerosis in adulthood. Nevertheless other publications do not support this hypothesis, so given the lack of consensus on the potential risks of this situation, we believed it would be interesting to study, at an early stage of life, whether a sample of children born SGA would present greater cardiovascular risk factors than children born with an adequate weight for gestational age (AGA).
Are women with polycystic ovary syndrome at increased cardiovascular disease risk later in life?; To date, the world's leading cause of death amongst women is cardiovascular disease. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile in early life. Apart from dyslipidemia, obesity and onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, androgens are thought to influence cardiovascular health. The question rises whether women with PCOS are truly at risk for cardiovascular disease in later life. In this review paper, we aim to reflect on this assumed relation based on studies in different stages of life in women with PCOS. Cardiovascular risk factors (type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity and metabolic syndrome), surrogate outcomes (flow-mediated dilation, carotid intima-media thickness and coronary artery calcium) and clinical long-term outcomes (cardiovascular disease and mortality) will be summarized. Data on cardiovascular disease and mortality in peri- and postmenopausal women with PCOS appear to be controversial. Whether androgens have a protective or unfavorable influence on the manifestation of cardiovascular disease remains uncertain. The need for large, prospective, well-phenotyped cohort studies of women with PCOS is high. Only then will we be able to answer this research question.
[Risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage in the neonatal intensive care unit of a municipal hospital].; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage (NPH) in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of a municipal hospital, and to provide a basis for the early identification and treatment of NPH. METHODS: A total of 112 neonates who were admitted to the NICU of Shaoyang Central Hospital of Hunan Province and diagnosed with NPH were enrolled as the case group. A nested case-control method was used to select, as a control group (n=224), the neonates who underwent the treatment with an assisted mechanical ventilator and did not experience pulmonary hemorrhage. Univariate analysis and unconditional logistic regression analysis were used to identify the high risk factors for NPH. RESULTS: The univariate analysis showed that compared with the control group, the case group had significantly higher incidence rates of gestational diabetes and cholestasis in mothers, cesarean delivery, gestational age <34 weeks, 5-minute Apgar score ≤5, birth weight <2 500 g, heart failure and disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) before the development of NPH, partial pressure of oxygen/fraction of inspired oxygen (oxygenation index, OI) ≤100, and a reduction in mean platelet volume. The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that DIC, heart failure, and OI ≤100 were independent risk factors for NPH (OR=33.975, 3.975, 1.818 respectively; P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Heart failure, OI ≤100, and DIC are risk factors for the development of NPH in the NICU of the municipal hospital.
The relationship of breast arterial calcification detected in mammographic examinations with cardiovascular diseases, cardiovascular risk factors, parity, and breastfeeding.; BACKGROUND/AIM: We aimed to detect the incidence of breast arterial calcification (BAC) in patients that underwent mammography and to reveal the relationship of BAC with cardiovascular diseases, cardiovascular risk factors, parity, and breastfeeding. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 1195 female patients were included in this study. Cases that were positive for BAC during mammography were recorded. The relationship of BAC with age, body mass index, parity, breastfeeding, menopause, smoking, alcohol consumption, oral contraceptive use, hormone replacement therapy, and histories of hypertension (HT), diabetes mellitus (DM), coronary artery disease (CAD), and cerebral vascular diseases were investigated. RESULTS: Overall, 97 of 1195 cases were positive for BAC. In univariate analysis, age, educational status, parity, breastfeeding, menopause, hyperlipidemia, and DM, HT, and CAD histories were found to be separate risk factors that had an effect on the development of BAC. The effects of age, parity, and breastfeeding history were maintained in the logistic regression analysis (P = 0.001, P = 0.001, P = 0.024, respectively; P < 0.05 was significant), while the significance of the other analyzed variables was lost (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: We found that BAC is associated with age, parity, and breastfeeding but not with cardiovascular diseases and cardiovascular risk factors.
Pregnancy after age 50: defining risks for mother and child.; Assisted reproductive technology using donor-egg in vitro fertilization (D-IVF) has enabled women 50 years and above to successfully achieve pregnancy. We examine the safety profile of these pregnancies through a large, single-center case series and retrospective cohort analysis in which all participants were carefully screened medically prior to conception. Consecutive women aged ≥ 50 years (n = 101) who achieved a viable pregnancy via D-IVF were identified and their perinatal outcomes were recorded. These data were compared with control data from younger (≤ 42 years) recipients of D-IVF (n = 41) who also achieved a viable pregnancy at our center during the same period. Compared with the younger women, older recipients had statistically similar rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (23% versus 14%, odds ratio [OR] 1.9 [0.65 to 5.4]), gestational diabetes (4.0% versus 3.0%, OR 1.4 [0.15 to 113.0]), preterm premature rupture of membranes/preterm labor (8.9% versus 14%, OR 0.59 [0.18 to 1.9]), and abnormal placentation (2.1% versus 0%). Cesarean delivery was high in women ≥ 50 (81% of singletons, 100% of multiples). There was one maternal death, which occurred before delivery in a 49-year-old woman who would have been 50 at term had she survived, presumably secondary to myocardial infarction. Primary neonatal outcomes of gestational age and birth weight were excellent and similar between groups. Women ≥ 50 years who achieve pregnancy via D-IVF are at high risk for maternal complications, particularly hypertensive disorders and cesarean section, but at rates similar to those seen in younger recipients.
A Review of National Level Guidelines for Risk Management of Cardiovascular and Diabetic Disease.; Cardiovascular diseases and diabetes are among the leading preventable causes of morbidity and mortality. Cardiovascular disease risk reduction aimed to address the significant modifiable risk factors, including lifestyle-related risk factors, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes. Given the severity and disease burden, many insurances, including Medicare, cover the annual counseling for risk reduction of cardiovascular disease. Although numerous national-level guidelines are available for managing these conditions, most of them focus on disease management. Given the broad areas covered in these recommendations, a concise review summarizing the measures addressing the preventive approach in these conditions is not readily available. Herewith, we review and outline the currently available guidelines from national-level publications with principal attention to the primary prevention measures to provide a broad overview and assist providers with the risk reduction counseling.
Diastolic deceleration area in the fetal MCA: a new Doppler parameter.; Objective: Doppler velocimetry has been widely used throughout the years as a valuable tool in the follow-up and prognosis of various pregnancy complications. Numerous Doppler indices have been introduced to qualitatively describe fetal blood flow. Currently, the Pulsatility index (PI) is the most widely used index for this purpose. In current clinical practice, middle cerebral artery (MCA) PI measurement is commonly used to assess fetal well-being, especially in late-onset fetal growth restriction (FGR). However, existing evidence suggests that MCA PI alone is inferior to the ratio between MCA and umbilical artery (UA) pulsatility indices in predicting adverse perinatal and neonatal outcomes. When comparing normal and abnormal MCA Doppler waveforms, it is evident that most changes appear in the diastolic part of the heart cycle. Therefore, the PI, which contains elements from both systole (peak systolic velocity-PSV) and diastole (end-diastolic velocity), may not be the most effective tool for quantifying fetal brain sparing (BS).Methods: We hypothesize that another measurement modality that focuses predominantly on the diastole could be more efficient for evaluating the amount of vasodilatation. In ultrasound velocimetry of larger blood vessels, there is a well-known phenomenon called "dicrotic notch" (DN), which appears on the declining part of each Doppler waveform and can be used to precisely pinpoint the end of systole and the start of diastole. We hypothesized that the extent of cerebral vasodilation can be more accurately assessed by measuring the area between the dicrotic notch (DN) and the end-diastolic velocity (which we refer to as the "diastolic deceleration area-DDA"). In this study, we introduced a new Doppler parameter along with a rationale for DDA measurement in the fetal MCA. We also defined third-trimester nomograms and provided a preliminary assessment of the correlation between DDA and fetal oxygen deficiency.Results: Our findings suggest that the DDA may serve as an independent instrument for identifying hypoxia during late pregnancy, either on its own or in conjunction with other Doppler and cardiotocography modalities.Conclusion: However, before incorporating DDA into clinical practice, it is crucial to conduct further research and validation studies with larger sample sizes and more diverse populations. This would help assess the generalizability of the results and establish optimal cutoff points for DDA in various clinical settings. It is also important to prospectively study the role of DDA in early- and late-onset fetal growth restriction (FGR), Rh-isoimmunization/anemia, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and other pregnancy complications. In fact, we believe that the concept of measuring specific areas in arterial Doppler velocimetry indices could have significant implications not only in fetal medicine and obstetrics, but also in other areas of human and veterinary medicine.
Dissecting maternal and fetal genetic effects underlying the associations between maternal phenotypes, birth outcomes, and adult phenotypes: A mendelian-randomization and haplotype-based genetic score analysis in 10,734 mother-infant pairs.; BACKGROUND: Many maternal traits are associated with a neonate's gestational duration, birth weight, and birth length. These birth outcomes are subsequently associated with late-onset health conditions. The causal mechanisms and the relative contributions of maternal and fetal genetic effects behind these observed associations are unresolved. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Based on 10,734 mother-infant duos of European ancestry from the UK, Northern Europe, Australia, and North America, we constructed haplotype genetic scores using single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) known to be associated with adult height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and type 2 diabetes (T2D). Using these scores as genetic instruments, we estimated the maternal and fetal genetic effects underlying the observed associations between maternal phenotypes and pregnancy outcomes. We also used infant-specific birth weight genetic scores as instrument and examined the effects of fetal growth on pregnancy outcomes, maternal BP, and glucose levels during pregnancy. The maternal nontransmitted haplotype score for height was significantly associated with gestational duration (p = 2.2 × 10-4). Both maternal and paternal transmitted height haplotype scores were highly significantly associated with birth weight and length (p < 1 × 10-17). The maternal transmitted BMI scores were associated with birth weight with a significant maternal effect (p = 1.6 × 10-4). Both maternal and paternal transmitted BP scores were negatively associated with birth weight with a significant fetal effect (p = 9.4 × 10-3), whereas BP alleles were significantly associated with gestational duration and preterm birth through maternal effects (p = 3.3 × 10-2 and p = 4.5 × 10-3, respectively). The nontransmitted haplotype score for FPG was strongly associated with birth weight (p = 4.7 × 10-6); however, the glucose-increasing alleles in the fetus were associated with reduced birth weight through a fetal effect (p = 2.2 × 10-3). The haplotype scores for T2D were associated with birth weight in a similar way but with a weaker maternal effect (p = 6.4 × 10-3) and a stronger fetal effect (p = 1.3 × 10-5). The paternal transmitted birth weight score was significantly associated with reduced gestational duration (p = 1.8 × 10-4) and increased maternal systolic BP during pregnancy (p = 2.2 × 10-2). The major limitations of the study include missing and heterogenous phenotype data in some data sets and different instrumental strength of genetic scores for different phenotypic traits. CONCLUSIONS: We found that both maternal height and fetal growth are important factors in shaping the duration of gestation: genetically elevated maternal height is associated with longer gestational duration, whereas alleles that increase fetal growth are associated with shorter gestational duration. Fetal growth is influenced by both maternal and fetal effects and can reciprocally influence maternal phenotypes: taller maternal stature, higher maternal BMI, and higher maternal blood glucose are associated with larger birth size through maternal effects; in the fetus, the height- and metabolic-risk-increasing alleles are associated with increased and decreased birth size, respectively; alleles raising birth weight in the fetus are associated with shorter gestational duration and higher maternal BP. These maternal and fetal genetic effects may explain the observed associations between the studied maternal phenotypes and birth outcomes, as well as the life-course associations between these birth outcomes and adult phenotypes.
Parity and carotid atherosclerosis in men and women: insights into the roles of childbearing and child-rearing.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Parity appears to be associated with carotid atherosclerosis in women aged 45 years and older. Studying this association among younger women and men may provide insight into whether this association relates predominantly to childbearing or child-rearing. METHODS: The association between parity and carotid atherosclerosis (intima-media thickness and presence of plaques) was assessed in a cohort consisting of 750 women and 1164 men, all with at least one traditional cardiovascular risk factor, aged 18 to 80 years of age. Traditional cardiovascular risk factors were also assessed, and the Framingham Risk Score calculated. RESULTS: In age-adjusted analyses, the number of children was associated with adiposity, fasting glucose, 2-hour glucose, Framingham risk score, and carotid atherosclerosis in women, but not in men. Multivariate linear regression models indicate that the prevalence of plaques was increased by 15% (95% CI, 2 to 29) per child among women, and 0% (95% CI, -10 to 11) among men, after adjustment for age, socioeconomic and lifestyle factors (including waist circumference). The association between parity and carotid intima-media thickness was similar in younger and older women (P(Heterogeneity)=0.20). CONCLUSIONS: A higher number of children is associated with increased carotid atherosclerosis in both younger and older women, but not among men. These findings indicate that childbearing, but not child-rearing, may be a risk factor for atherosclerosis, and suggest the potential importance of considering the number of children when assessing the level of cardiovascular risk in women.
The effect of leisure time physical activity on the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension.; STUDY OBJECTIVE: To assess the relation between leisure time physical activity (LTPA) during the first 20 weeks of pregnancy and the risk of developing pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension. DESIGN: Case-control study carried out over a 28 month period with retrospective data collection. SETTING: Six hospitals in Quebec City and four hospitals in Montreal. PARTICIPANTS: 172 women with pre-eclampsia, 254 with gestational diabetes, 505 controls. All were primiparous, with no history of high blood pressure before pregnancy (unless due to oral contraceptive use), or during the first 20 weeks of gestation. Cases were defined using recognised criteria, and 97% of those eligible agreed to be interviewed. Controls delivered in same hospital immediately after cases and had no more than one reading of elevated blood pressure during pregnancy; 96% of those eligible agreed to be interviewed. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Participants were interviewed in hospital a few days after delivery using a questionnaire. Information was collected on type, frequency and average duration of any LTPA performed regularly during the first 20 weeks of pregnancy, together with medical, obstetric and sociodemographic details. It was found that women who performed regular LTPA had a reduced risk of pre-eclampsia (adjusted RR 0.67, 95% CI 0.46-0.96) and gestational hypertension (aRR 0.75, 95% CI 0.54-1.05), and the relative risks decreased as the average time spent in LTPA increased (aRR for pre-eclampsia among women with low, moderate and high energy expenditure: 1.00, 0.77 and 0.57, p = 0.01). The same trend was present for gestational hypertension (1.00, 0.80 and 0.71, respectively, p = 0.08). CONCLUSIONS: Leisure time physical activity during the first half of pregnancy is likely to reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension.
Infant body mass index peak and early childhood cardio-metabolic risk markers in a multi-ethnic Asian birth cohort.; BACKGROUND: : Infant body mass index (BMI) peak has received much interest recently as a potential predictor of future obesity and metabolic risk. No studies, however, have examined infant BMI peak in Asian populations, in whom the risk of metabolic disease is higher. METHODS: : We utilized data among 1020 infants from a mother-offspring cohort, who were Singapore citizens or permanent residents of Chinese, Malay or Indian ethnicity with homogeneous parental ethnic backgrounds, and did not receive chemotherapy, psychotropic drugs or have diabetes mellitus. Ethnicity was self-reported at recruitment and later confirmed using genotype analysis. Subject-specific BMI curves were fitted to infant BMI data using natural cubic splines with random coefficients to account for repeated measures in each child. We estimated characteristics of the child's BMI peak [age and magnitude at peak, average pre-peak velocity (aPPV)]. Systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), BMI, sum of skinfolds (SSF) and fat-mass index (FMI) were measured during a follow-up visit at age 48 months. Weighted multivariable linear regression was used to assess the predictors (maternal BMI, gestational weight gain, ethnicity, infant sex, gestational age, birthweight-for-gestational age and breastfeeding duration) of infant BMI peak and its associations with outcomes at 48 months. Comparisons between ethnicities were tested using Bonferroni post-hoc correction. RESULTS: : Of 1020 infants, 80.5% were followed up at the 48-month visit. Mean (SD) BMI, SSF and FMI at 48 months were 15.6 (1.8) kg/m 2 , 16.5 (5.3) mm and 3.8 (1.3) kg/m 2 , respectively. Mean (SD) age at peak BMI was 6.0 (1.6) months, with a magnitude of 17.2 (1.4) kg/m 2 and pre-peak velocity of 0.7 (0.3) kg/m 2 /month. Compared with Chinese infants, the peak occurred later in Malay {B [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.64 mo (0.36, 0.92)]} and Indian infants [1.11 mo (0.76, 1.46)] and was lower in magnitude in Indian infants [-0.45 kg/m 2 (-0.69, -0.20)]. Adjusting for maternal education, BMI, gestational weight gain, ethnicity, infant sex, gestational age, birthweight-for-gestational-age and breastfeeding duration, higher peak and aPPV were associated with greater BMI, SSF and FMI at 48 months. Age at peak was positively associated with BMI at 48 months [0.15 units (0.09, 0.22)], whereas peak magnitude was associated with SBP [0.17 units (0.05, 0.30)] and DBP at 48 months [0.10 units (0.01, 0.22)]. Older age and higher magnitude at peak were associated with increased risk of overweight at 48 months [Relative Risk (95% CI): 1.35 (1.12-1.62) for age; 1.89 (1.60-2.24) for magnitude]. The associations of BMI peak with BMI and SSF at 48 months were stronger in Malay and Indian children than in Chinese children. CONCLUSIONS: : Ethnic-specific differences in BMI peak characteristics, and associations of BMI peak with early childhood cardio-metabolic markers, suggest an important impact of early BMI development on later metabolic outcomes in Asian populations.
The effect of low body mass index on the development of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the relationship between low maternal body mass index (BMI) as calculated in the first trimester and the risk of preeclampsia and gestational hypertension. METHODS: Patients enrolled in the First And Second Trimester Evaluation of Risk for aneuploidy (FASTER) trial were grouped into three weight categories: low BMI (BMI <19.8 kg/m2), normal BMI (BMI 19.8 - 26 kg/m2), and overweight BMI (26.1 - 29 kg/m2). The incidences of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were ascertained for each group. Tests for differences in crude incidence proportions were performed using Chi-square tests. Multiple logistic regression was used to adjust for maternal age, race, parity, obesity, use of assisted reproductive technology (ART), in vitro fertilization (IVF), gestational diabetes, pre-gestational diabetes, cocaine use, and smoking. RESULTS: The proportion of patients having gestational hypertension in the low BMI group was 2.0% compared to 3.2% for normal BMI and 6.0% for overweight BMI (p < 0.0001). Women with low BMI were also less likely to develop preeclampsia, 1.1% vs. 1.9% for normal BMI and 2.8% for overweight BMI (p < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: We found that women with low BMI in the first trimester were significantly less likely to develop gestational hypertension or preeclampsia than women with a normal BMI.
Hospitalization for vascular complications in childhood onset type 1 diabetes--effects of gender and age at onset.; AIMS: To study the cumulative incidence of hospitalization for severe diabetic vascular complications in childhood onset type 1 diabetes patients with special regards to age at onset and gender. METHODS: The Swedish Childhood Diabetes Register (SCDR) was linked to the Swedish Hospital Discharge Register up to 31 December 2004. The following diagnoses were traced: diabetic kidney disease, myocardial infarction, stroke, lower limb arterial disease and diabetes with multiple complications. Cox proportional hazards survival method was applied with the following covariates: maternal age, birthweight deviation from gestational week standard, age at onset and gender. RESULTS: Until 31 December 9974 children had been followed for at least 10 years corresponding to 141 839 person years at risk and 103 (7.3 per 1000 person years) had been hospitalized at least once at the maximum duration of follow-up of 26 years. Diabetic kidney disease was the most common cause of hospitalization and 63 patients had more than one diabetic complication. Female gender (RR=2.02, 95% CI=1.05-3.89) and age at onset of diabetes (RR=1.37, 95% CI=1.20-1.56) were significant risk factors for severe complication. CONCLUSIONS: Hospitalization for severe diabetic complications at a maximum follow-up of 26 years is rather low in Sweden. There is a higher hospitalization rate among females than among males, and also among patients diagnosed with diabetes after 10 years of age than among patients diagnosed before the age of 10 years.
Sedentary behaviours during pregnancy: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: In the general population, at least 50% of time awake is spent in sedentary behaviours. Sedentary behaviours are activities that expend less energy than 1.5 metabolic equivalents, such as sitting. The amount of time spent in sedentary behaviours is a risk factor for diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and death from all causes. Even individuals meeting physical activity guidelines are at a higher risk of premature death and adverse metabolic outcomes if they sit for extended intervals. The associations between sedentary behaviour with type 2 diabetes and with impaired glucose tolerance are stronger for women than for men. It is not known whether sedentary behaviour in pregnancy influences pregnancy outcomes, but if those negative outcomes observed in general adult population also occur in pregnancy, this could have implications for adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring. We aimed to determine the proportion of time spent in sedentary behaviours among pregnant women, and the association of sedentary behaviour with pregnancy outcomes in mothers and offspring. METHODS: Two researchers independently performed the literature search using 5 different electronic bibliographic databases. Studies were included if sedentary behaviours were assessed during pregnancy. Two reviewers independently assessed the articles for quality and bias, and extracted the relevant information. RESULTS: We identified 26 studies meeting the inclusion criteria. Pregnant women spent more than 50% of their time in sedentary behaviours. Increased time in sedentary behaviour was significantly associated with higher levels of C Reactive Protein and LDL Cholesterol, and a larger newborn abdominal circumference. Sedentary behaviours were significantly higher among women who delivered macrosomic infants. Discrepancies were found in associations of sedentary behaviour with gestational weight gain, hypertensive disorders, and birth weight. No consistent associations were found between sedentary behaviour and other variables such as gestational diabetes. There was considerable variability in study design and methods of assessing sedentary behaviour. CONCLUSIONS: Our review highlights the significant time spent in sedentary behaviour during pregnancy, and that sedentary behaviour may impact on pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child. The considerable heterogeneity in the literature suggests future studies should use robust methodology for quantifying sedentary behaviour.
Machine Learning Models to Predict Childhood and Adolescent Obesity: A Review.; The prevalence of childhood and adolescence overweight an obesity is raising at an alarming rate in many countries. This poses a serious threat to the current and near-future health systems, given the association of these conditions with different comorbidities (cardiovascular diseases, type II diabetes, and metabolic syndrome) and even death. In order to design appropriate strategies for its prevention, as well as understand its origins, the development of predictive models for childhood/adolescent overweight/obesity and related outcomes is of extreme value. Obesity has a complex etiology, and in the case of childhood and adolescence obesity, this etiology includes also specific factors like (pre)-gestational ones; weaning; and the huge anthropometric, metabolic, and hormonal changes that during this period the body suffers. In this way, Machine Learning models are becoming extremely useful tools in this area, given their excellent predictive power; ability to model complex, nonlinear relationships between variables; and capacity to deal with high-dimensional data typical in this area. This is especially important given the recent appearance of large repositories of Electronic Health Records (EHR) that allow the development of models using datasets with many instances and predictor variables, from which Deep Learning variants can generate extremely accurate predictions. In the current work, the area of Machine Learning models to predict childhood and adolescent obesity and related outcomes is comprehensively and critically reviewed, including the latest ones using Deep Learning with EHR. These models are compared with the traditional statistical ones that used mainly logistic regression. The main features and applications appearing from these models are described, and the future opportunities are discussed.
SMARThealth Pregnancy: Feasibility and Acceptability of a Complex Intervention for High-Risk Pregnant Women in Rural India: Protocol for a Pilot Cluster Randomised Controlled Trial.; Introduction: India is in the process of a major epidemiological transition towards non-communicable diseases. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in India. Predisposing independent risk factors include pregnancy-related conditions, e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) - also associated with significant perinatal mortality and morbidity. Early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of future CVD may offer opportunities for prevention. In rural India, Community Health Workers (CHWs) provide most antenatal and postnatal care. Innovative solutions are required to address integrated care for rural women during transitions between antenatal, postnatal and general health services. The George Institute's SMARThealth Programme has shown that CHWs in rural India screening non-pregnant adults for cardiovascular risk, using a decision support system, is feasible. Building on this, we developed a targeted training programme for CHWs and a complex system-level intervention that uses mobile clinical decision support for CHWs and primary care doctors to screen high-risk pregnant women. In addition to addressing HDP and GDM, the intervention also screens for anaemia in pregnancy. Methods/Design: A pilot study will be undertaken in two diverse rural districts of India: Jhajjar (Haryana) and Guntur (Andhra Pradesh). Two Primary Health Centre clusters will be randomised to intervention or control groups at each study site. The primary objective of this pilot study is to explore the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention. Secondary objectives are to estimate: (a) prevalence rates of moderate to severe anaemia, HDPs and GDM at the study sites; (b) referral and follow-up rates, and (c) mean haemoglobin and blood pressure values at the routine 6 week postnatal visit. A process evaluation will be conducted to explore the acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention for pregnant women and healthcare workers using qualitative methods. Discussion: It is anticipated that the findings of this pilot study will help determine the feasibility and acceptability of the SMARThealth Pregnancy intervention, and highlight how the intervention might be further developed for evaluation in a larger, cluster randomised controlled trial. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT03968952.
The roles of newborn anthropometrics in the association between maternal weight gain and childhood cardiovascular risks.; OBJECTIVE: The aim was to study the association between newborn anthropometrics and childhood cardiovascular risks and whether newborn anthropometrics mediate the effect of maternal gestational weight gain (GWG) on childhood risks. METHODS: Data of 926 mother-child dyads from the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes study were analyzed. Newborn anthropometrics were treated as predictors and mediators by using a regression model and causal mediation model, respectively. RESULTS: Newborn sum of skinfolds (SSF) was associated with childhood diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and pulse wave velocity (coefficients [95% CI]: 0.13 [0.06 to 0.20]; 0.08 [0.004 to 0.15]), whereas newborn ponderal index (PI) was inversely associated with childhood systolic blood pressure (SBP), DBP, and pulse wave velocity (-0.08 [-0.15 to -0.01]; -0.08 [-0.14 to -0.008]; -0.09 [-0.16 to -0.03]). Newborn SSF mediated the effects of maternal excessive GWG on childhood SSF and DBP (proportion of total effect 9% and 8%, respectively). In contrast, a significant negative mediation through newborn PI was found for the effect of maternal excessive GWG on childhood DBP (-8%) and its effect on childhood SBP through birth weight (-27%). CONCLUSIONS: Childhood cardiovascular risks are positively associated with newborn SSF but inversely associated with newborn PI. Newborn SSF mediates the impact of excessive maternal GWG on childhood BP, but birth weight and newborn PI negatively mediate it.
A competing risks model in early screening for preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: It was the aim of this study to develop models for the prediction of preeclampsia (PE) based on maternal characteristics and biophysical markers at 11-13 weeks' gestation in which gestation at the time of delivery for PE is treated as a continuous variable. METHODS: This was a screening study of singleton pregnancies at 11-13 weeks including 1,426 (2.4%) cases that subsequently developed PE and 57,458 cases that were unaffected by PE. We developed a survival time model for the time of delivery for PE in which Bayes' theorem was used to combine the prior information from maternal characteristics with the uterine artery pulsatility index (PI) and the mean arterial pressure (MAP), using multiple of the median values. RESULTS: The risk for PE increased with maternal age, weight, Afro-Caribbean and South Asian racial origin, previous pregnancy with PE, conception by in vitro fertilization and a medical history of chronic hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus as well as systemic lupus erythematosus or antiphospholipid syndrome. In pregnancies with PE, there was an inverse correlation between multiple of the median values of the uterine artery PI and MAP with gestational age at delivery. Screening by maternal characteristics, uterine artery PI and MAP detected 90% of PE cases requiring delivery before 34 weeks and 57% of all PE cases at a fixed false-positive rate of 10%. CONCLUSIONS: A new model has been developed for effective first-trimester screening for PE.
Uteroplacental pathology and maternal arterial mean blood pressure in spontaneous prematurity.; OBJECTIVE: To examine if maternal blood pressure is directly related to the presence and severity of uteroplacental vascular pathology in nonpreeclamptic preterm birth. METHODS: A set of consecutive nonanomalous singleton live births delivered at 22-32 weeks (excluding maternal diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension) between 1989 and 1994 included 342 cases of spontaneous prematurity (spontaneous premature membrane rupture [PROM], preterm labor with intact membranes [PTL], and nonhypertensive abruption) with mean arterial blood pressure at admission available in the maternal record. Presence and extent of placental lesions were scored. RESULTS: Mean maternal arterial blood pressure on admission was significantly related to the presence/extent of uteroplacental vascular lesions (P = .01) and to lesions of intraplacental vaso-occlusion (P = .04). These associations were independent of maternal age and gestational age at delivery. Moreover, the summation of uteroplacental and intraplacental vascular lesions into a cumulative placental vascular pathology score was even more significantly correlated with increasing mean blood pressure at admission, suggestive of synergism between these two placental pathologic processes. CONCLUSION: In nonpreeclamptic prematurity, mean maternal admission blood pressure is directly related to the severity of placental vascular pathology.
Metabolic disorders during pregnancy and postpartum cardiometabolic risk.; Hormonal changes during pregnancy can trigger gestational diabetes (GDM), which is constantly increasing. Its main characteristic is pronounced insulin resistance, but it appears to be a multifactorial process involving several metabolic factors; taken together, the latter leads to silent or clinically evident cardiovascular (CV) events. Insulin resistance and central adiposity are of crucial importance in the development of metabolic syndrome, and they appear to correlate with CV risk factors, including hypertension and atherogenic dyslipidaemia. Hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP) is more likely to be an accompanying co-morbidity in pregnancies complicated with GDM. There is still inconsistent evidence as to whether or not co-existent GDM and HDP have a synergistic effects on postpartum risk of cardiometabolic disease; however, this synergism is becoming more accepted since both these conditions may promote endothelial inflammation and early atherosclerosis. Regardless of the presence or absence of the synergism between GDM and HDP, these conditions need to be dealt early enough, in order to reduce CV morbidity and to improve health outcomes for both women and their offspring.
[New diagnostic and classification system in diabetic syndrome].; Diabetes mellitus is a heterogeneous disorder. Evidence for heterogeneity is based on measuring endogenous insulin level since some forty years ago. Insulin is lacking at the time of diagnosis in most patients, whose disease started rapidly, with classical symptoms, and who are mainly children, adolescents or young adults. In the majority of middle-aged, obese diabetics, insulin levels are frequently high at diagnosis. Since insulin measuring from sera became a routine laboratory test these two main types were nominated as insulin-dependent, and insulin non-dependent types (IDDM and NIDDM). The aim of the recent classification was, that different diabetic subgroups should be based on etiologic evidence. (Previous classification was based mainly due to the current therapy!). To avoid confusing nominations, the recent classification recommended to abandon the acronyms, IDDM and NIDDM, and only type-1 and type-2 should be used In the third subgroup-other diabetic groups--there are selected many disorders, whose etiology is mostly clear. As fourth subgroup gestational diabetes preserved its previous place. There are some differential-diagnostic problems in between type-1 and type-2 subgroups, especially between lean body weight type-2 and-the newly discovered latent-onset diabetes in adults (LADA). Diagnostic criteria of diabetes and prediabetic states are being changed according to epidemiological data, because type-2 patients die frequently from cardio-cerebrovascular fatal disorders, and elevated blood sugar values-especially postprandially-contribute to it. Thresholds of blood sugar values for diagnosing diabetes are therefore decreasing, and a new category: impaired fasting glucose (IFG, blood sugar: 6, 1-7.0 mmol/l) was introduced. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) remained as prediabetic state. IGT + IFG are nominated as impaired glucoregulation. These two categories cover different populations. Oral glucose loading test in most problematic cases should be carried out. The clinical importance of postprandial hyperglycaemia (postprandial state) is discussed. As a new clinical concept, the Metabolic Syndrome seems to replace type-2 diabetes in the majority of these patients, even in the impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) state. Diabetics, carrying the features of this syndrome need holistic care.
Oral contraceptives and death from myocardial infarction.; We investigated 219 deaths from myocardial infarction in women under the age of 50. Their histories were compared with those of living age-matched controls selected from the same general practices. The frequency of use of oral contraceptives during the month before death was significantly greater in the group with infarction than during the corresponding month in the control group and the average duration of use was longer. No information of cigarette smoking was available but the proportion of women being treated for hypertension or diabetes was greater among those who died than among the controls. This did not alter the overall conclusion that the risk of fatal myocardial infarction was greater in the women using oral contraceptives, particularly in the older age groups.
Glucose transporter-1-deficient mice exhibit impaired development and deformities that are similar to diabetic embryopathy.; The hyperglycemia of maternal diabetes suppresses the glucose transporter-1 (GLUT1) facilitative glucose transporter 49-66% in preimplantation embryos. Glucose uptake is reduced and apoptosis is activated. We hypothesized that the reduction of embryonic GLUT1 may play a key role in the malformations of diabetic embryopathy. Therefore, we produced GLUT1-deficient transgenic mice [i.e., antisense-GLUT1 (GT1AS)] to determine whether GLUT1 deficiency alone could reproduce the growth defects. Early cell division of fertilized mouse eggs injected with GT1AS was markedly impaired, P < 0.001 vs. controls. Two populations of preimplantation embryos obtained from GT1AS x GT1AS heterozygote matings exhibited reduction of the 2-deoxyglucose uptake rate: one by 50% (presumed heterozygotes, P < 0.001 vs. control) and the other by 95% (presumed homozygotes, P < 0.001 vs. heterozygotes). Embryonic GLUT1 deficiency in the range reported with maternal diabetes was associated with growth retardation and developmental malformations similar to those described in diabetes-exposed embryos: intrauterine growth retardation (31.1%), caudal regression (9.8%), anencephaly with absence of the head (6.6%), microphthalmia (4.9%), and micrognathia (1.6%). Reduced body weight (small embryos, <70% of the nontransgenic body weight) was accompanied by other malformations and a 56% reduction of GLUT1 protein, P < 0.001 vs. nonsmall embryos (body weight >or=70% normal). The heart, brain, and kidneys of embryonic day 18.5 GT1AS embryos exhibited 24-51% reductions of GLUT1 protein. The homozygous GT1AS genotype was lethal during gestation. Reduced embryonic GLUT1 was associated with the appearance of apoptosis. Therefore, GLUT1 deficiency may play a role in producing embryonic malformations resulting from the hyperglycemia of maternal diabetes. Late gestational macrosomia was absent, apparently requiring a different mechanism.
Hyperemesis, gestational hypertensive disorders, pregnancy losses and risk of autoimmune diseases in a Danish population-based cohort.; The risk of some female predominant autoimmune diseases (ADs) has previously been shown to be higher in women who experience hyperemesis, gestational hypertensive disorders and idiopathic pregnancy losses. This study assessed the association between such pregnancy-related experiences and the subsequent risk of female predominant and other ADs. Our study cohort comprised 1.6 million Danish women born since 1955 for whom we had information about hyperemesis, gestational hypertensive disorders and pregnancy losses and subsequent hospital contacts for 31 ADs between 1982 and 2008. Ratios of first hospitalization rates (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using Poisson regression, adjusting for age, birth cohort, calendar period, marital status and childbirths. During 27.0 million person-years of follow-up 51,732 women were hospitalized with one or more ADs. Overall, compared with women without the specific pregnancy experiences, the risk of any AD was significantly increased for women with hyperemesis (RR = 1.41; 95% CI 1.30-1.51), gestational hypertensive disorders (1.21; 1.16-1.26), spontaneous abortions (1.10; 1.07-1.14), missed abortions (1.09; 1.04-1.13), stillbirths (1.25; 1.12-1.40), ectopic pregnancies (1.08; 1.02-1.14) and induced abortions (1.07; 1.04-1.09). Associations with female predominant ADs (i.e., ADs with a female:male ratio >2:1) were strongest in the first five years after the studied pregnancy experiences, but overall there was little difference between the RRs for groups of female predominant ADs and other ADs. Strong and potentially biological associations were observed for a number of specific ADs; including systemic lupus erythematosus, Graves' disease, type 1 diabetes mellitus and pernicious anemia, and for some specific ADs associations persisted even more than five years after the abnormal pregnancy experience. Abnormal pregnancies are associated with increased risk of certain ADs, possibly because of underlying immunologic or hormonal factors that predispose to both adverse pregnancy experiences and AD development.
Sleep Disordered Breathing in Pregnancy and Adverse Maternal Outcomes-A True Story?; Pregnancy may predispose women to the development or worsening of sleep disordered breathing. Recent studies have shown a significant association between sleep disordered breathing and adverse pregnancy-related outcomes including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and severe maternal morbidity including pulmonary edema, cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and admissions to the intensive care unit. More research is needed on the mechanisms linking sleep disordered breathing to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Large trials that examine the impact of therapy for sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy on pregnancy outcomes are also needed.
Association of ADIPOQ Gene Polymorphisms with Type 2 Diabetes and Obesity Risk in the Kazakh Population: A Case-Control and Population-Based Study.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a socially significant disease with increasing prevalence worldwide. It is characterized by heterogeneous metabolic disorders and is associated with various risk factors, including BMI, abnormal lipid levels, hypertension, smoking, dietary preferences, physical inactivity, sedentary lifestyle, family history of diabetes, prediabetes or gestational diabetes, inflammation, intrauterine environment, age, sex, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. Assessing the genetic risk of developing T2DM in specific populations remains relevant. The ADIPOQ gene, encoding adiponectin, is directly related to the risk of developing T2DM, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Our study demonstrated significant associations of ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms with the risk of developing T2DM and obesity, as well as with fasting glucose levels and BMI, in the Kazakh population. Specifically, rs266729 was significantly associated with T2DM and obesity in the Kazakh population, while other studied polymorphisms (rs1501299, rs2241766, and rs17846866) did not show a significant association. These findings suggest that ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms may influence T2DM risk factors and highlight the importance of genetic factors in T2DM development. However, further research in larger cohorts is needed to confirm these associations.
Long-term circulatory and renal consequences of intrauterine growth restriction.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and probably also early postnatal altered nutrition in very-low-birthweight babies may, in the long term, be followed by the various disorders that are included in the metabolic syndrome. This discovery has raised a new paradigm about the background to cardiovascular disease, arterial hypertension, obesity, type 2 diabetes and dyslipidaemic disorders that play a prominent role in shortening human life. In this review article, present knowledge about the background to renal dysfunction as seen in IUGR is summarized. The way in which arterial hypertension and cardiovascular dysfunction may be programmed in IUGR is also speculated. CONCLUSION: During the last decade, knowledge of the long-term consequences of IUGR has increased at a very rapid rate. At present, it is most important not only to develop efficient methods of preventing and diagnosing IUGR, but to work out follow-up and treatment programmes for the control of the disorders which may follow this condition. Proper postnatal feeding and infant growth may be essential for long-term outcome.
Color Tissue Doppler to Analyze Fetal Cardiac Time Intervals: Normal Values and Influence of Sample Gate Size.; PURPOSE: To assess the time intervals of the cardiac cycle in healthy fetuses in the second and third trimester using color tissue Doppler imaging (cTDI) and to evaluate the influence of different sizes of sample gates on time interval values. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Time intervals were measured from the cTDI-derived Doppler waveform using a small and large region of interest (ROI) in healthy fetuses. RESULTS: 40 fetuses were included. The median gestational age at examination was 26 + 1 (range: 20 + 5 - 34 + 5) weeks. The median frame rate was 116/s (100 - 161/s) and the median heart rate 143 (range: 125 - 158) beats per minute (bpm). Using small and large ROIs, the second trimester right ventricular (RV) mean isovolumetric contraction times (ICTs) were 39.8 and 41.4 ms (p = 0.17), the mean ejection times (ETs) were 170.2 and 164.6 ms (p < 0.001), the mean isovolumetric relaxation times (IRTs) were 52.8 and 55.3 ms (p = 0.08), respectively. The left ventricular (LV) mean ICTs were 36.2 and 39.4 ms (p = 0.05), the mean ETs were 167.4 and 164.5 ms (p = 0.013), the mean IRTs were 53.9 and 57.1 ms (p = 0.05), respectively. The third trimester RV mean ICTs were 50.7 and 50.4 ms (p = 0.75), the mean ETs were 172.3 and 181.4 ms (p = 0.49), the mean IRTs were 50.2 and 54.6 ms (p = 0.03); the LV mean ICTs were 45.1 and 46.2 ms (p = 0.35), the mean ETs were 175.2 vs. 172.9 ms (p = 0.29), the mean IRTs were 47.1 and 50.0 ms (p = 0.01), respectively. CONCLUSION: Isovolumetric time intervals can be analyzed precisely and relatively independent of ROI size. In the near future, automatic time interval measurement using ultrasound systems will be feasible and the analysis of fetal myocardial function can become part of the clinical routine.
A study protocol for the cardiac effects of a single dose of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg after caesarean delivery: a prospective randomized controlled multi-centre trial in Norway.; Background: Both oxytocin and carbetocin are used to prevent uterine atony and post-partum haemorrhage after caesarean delivery in many countries, including Norway. Oxytocin causes dose-dependent ST-depression, troponin release, prolongation of QT-time and arrythmia, but little is known about myocardial effects of carbetocin. We have previously demonstrated comparable vasodilatory effects of oxytocin and carbetocin and are now undertaking a Phase 4 trial to investigate whether carbetocin causes similar changes to myocardial markers compared with oxytocin. Methods: Our randomized controlled trial will be conducted at three obstetrics units at Oslo University Hospital and Akershus University Hospital, Norway. Planned enrolment will be of 240 healthy, singleton pregnant women aged 18 to 50 years undergoing planned caesarean delivery. Based on pilot study data, each participant will receive a one-minute intravenous injection of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg during caesarean delivery. The prespecified primary outcome is the change from baseline in high-sensitive troponin I plasma concentrations at 6-10 hours after study drug administration. Secondary outcomes include uterine tone grade at 2.5 and five minutes after study drug administration, adverse events for up to 48 hours after study drug administration, estimated blood loss within eight hours of delivery, need for rescue treatment and direct/indirect costs. Enrolment and primary analysis are expected to be completed by the end of 2021. Discussion: Women undergoing caesarean delivery should be assessed for cardiovascular risk particularly as women with an obstetric history of pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, placental abruption, and stillbirth are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Any additional ischaemic myocardial risk from uterotonic agents will need to be balanced with the benefit of reducing the risk of postpartum haemorrhage. Any potential cardiotoxicity difference between oxytocin and carbetocin will help inform treatment decisions for pregnant women. Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT03899961 (02/04/2019).
Prenatal Exposure to a Maternal High-Fat Diet Affects Histone Modification of Cardiometabolic Genes in Newborn Rats.; Infants born to women with diabetes or obesity are exposed to excess circulating fuels during fetal heart development and are at higher risk of cardiac diseases. We have previously shown that late-gestation diabetes, especially in conjunction with a maternal high-fat (HF) diet, impairs cardiac functions in rat-offspring. This study investigated changes in genome-wide histone modifications in newborn hearts from rat-pups exposed to maternal diabetes and HF-diet. Chromatin-immunoprecipitation-sequencing revealed a differential peak distribution on gene promoters in exposed pups with respect to acetylation of lysines 9 and 14 and to trimethylation of lysines 4 and 27 in histone H3 (all, false discovery rate, FDR < 0.1). In the HF-diet exposed offspring, 54% of the annotated genes showed the gene-activating mark trimethylated lysine 4. Many of these genes (1) are associated with the "metabolic process" in general and particularly with "positive regulation of cholesterol biosynthesis" (FDR = 0.03); (2) overlap with 455 quantitative trait loci for blood pressure, body weight, serum cholesterol (all, FDR < 0.1); and (3) are linked to cardiac disease susceptibility/progression, based on disease ontology analyses and scientific literature. These results indicate that maternal HF-diet changes the cardiac histone signature in offspring suggesting a fuel-mediated epigenetic reprogramming of cardiac tissue in utero.
Maternal diabetes induces congenital heart defects in mice by altering the expression of genes involved in cardiovascular development.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart defects are frequently observed in infants of diabetic mothers, but the molecular basis of the defects remains obscure. Thus, the present study was performed to gain some insights into the molecular pathogenesis of maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects in mice. METHODS AND RESULTS: We analyzed the morphological changes, the expression pattern of some genes, the proliferation index and apoptosis in developing heart of embryos at E13.5 from streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice. Morphological analysis has shown the persistent truncus arteriosus combined with a ventricular septal defect in embryos of diabetic mice. Several other defects including defective endocardial cushion (EC) and aberrant myofibrillogenesis have also been found. Cardiac neural crest defects in experimental embryos were analyzed and validated by the protein expression of NCAM and PGP 9.5. In addition, the protein expression of Bmp4, Msx1 and Pax3 involved in the development of cardiac neural crest was found to be reduced in the defective hearts. The mRNA expression of Bmp4, Msx1 and Pax3 was significantly down-regulated (p < 0.001) in the hearts of experimental embryos. Further, the proliferation index was significantly decreased (p < 0.05), whereas the apoptotic cells were significantly increased (p < 0.001) in the EC and the ventricular myocardium of the experimental embryos. CONCLUSION: It is suggested that the down-regulation of genes involved in development of cardiac neural crest could contribute to the pathogenesis of maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects.
Adult-onset diabetes among Arabs and Jews in Israel: a population-based study.; AIMS: To study the age at presentation and factors associated with adult-onset diabetes (≥ 20 years) among Arabs and Jews in Israel. METHODS: Participants (n = 1100) were randomly selected from the urban population of the Hadera District in Israel. The study sample was stratified into equal groups according to sex, ethnicity (Arabs and Jews) and age. Information on age at diabetes presentation, family history of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, socio-demographic and lifestyle characteristics was obtained through personal interviews. Self reports of diabetes were compared with medical records and were found reliable (κ = 0.87). The risk for diabetes was calculated using Kaplan-Meier survival analysis. Factors associated with diabetes in both ethnic groups were studied using Cox proportional hazard model. RESULTS: The prevalence of adult-onset diabetes was 21% among Arabs and 12% among Jews. Arab participants were younger than Jews at diabetes presentation. By the age of 57 years, 25% of Arabs had diagnosed diabetes; the corresponding age among Jews was 68 years, a difference of 11 years (P < 0.001). The greater risk for diabetes among Arabs was independent of lifestyle factors, family history of diabetes and, among women, history of gestational diabetes; adjusted hazard ratio 1.70; 95% confidence interval 1.19-2.43. CONCLUSIONS: Arabs in Israel are at greater risk for adult-onset diabetes than Jews and are younger at diabetes presentation. Culturally sensitive interventions aimed at maintaining normal body weight and active lifestyle should be targeted at this population. Possible genetic factors and gene-environmental interactions underlying the high risk for diabetes among Arabs should be investigated.
Drugs and therapeutics, including contraception, for women with heart disease.; Cardiac disease remains the leading cause of maternal death in the UK, and data from the Centre for Maternal and Child Enquiries have shown that the numbers of women dying from cardiac disease have steadily increased over the past 30 years. The incidence of acquired heart disease is increasing because of older age at first pregnancy, as well as a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes and obesity. The number of women with congenital heart disease who are of childbearing age is also increasing. Significant cardiovascular changes occur in pregnancy even from an early gestation. This can affect the types and doses of medications used in pregnancy. The main aims of management are to optimise the mother's condition during pregnancy, to monitor for deterioration, and to minimise any additional load on the cardiovascular system from pregnancy, delivery and the postpartum period.
Impact of an integrated approach to diabetes care at the Rumbalara Aboriginal Health Service.; AIMS: To describe the effectiveness of an integrated primary-secondary care diabetes clinic on metabolic control among indigenous patients in a rural community. METHODS: A retrospective audit of attendance to the clinic over 2 years (2 August 1999 to 31 August 2001). The service included a weekly specialist diabetes clinic integrated with the primary care team at the Rumbalara Aboriginal Health Service, Mooroopna, Victoria, Australia. Between clinics, follow up was provided by the Aboriginal health worker and other members of the integrated care team. Of the 47 patients seen, 20 had an HbA1c persistently > or =9.0% (of 21 patients identified in the community) and seven had gestational diabetes. RESULTS: Among 40 patients without gestational diabetes, microalbuminuria or proteinuria were present in 62%, retinopathy was present in 50%, neuropathy was present in 50% and at least one past cardiac or vascular event/surgical procedure had occurred in 25%. Of these, the 30 patients seen more than once increased their self glucose monitoring (baseline (53.3%) vs. last visit (90%); P = 0.003) and reduced their HbA1c (10.4 +/- 2.2%vs. 7.9 +/- 1.9%; P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (138 +/- 20 vs. 127 +/- 18 mmHg; P = 0.003) and diastolic blood pressure (78 +/- 11 vs. 73 +/- 12 mmHg; P = 0.037) and total cholesterol (6.1 +/- 1.7 vs. 5.1 +/- 1.6 mmol/L; P = 0.002), but not their weight, smoking or triglycerides. CONCLUSION: The introduction of an integrated diabetes care service in an Aboriginal health service can overcome many of the pre-existing barriers to achieving metabolic targets. Poor metabolic control in Aboriginal patients is often due to lack of resources and inappropriateness of approach, rather than "compliance".
The Role of Multimodality Cardiovascular Imaging in Peripartum Cardiomyopathy.; The burden of pregnancy-related heart disease has dramatically increased over the last decades due to the increasing age at first pregnancy and higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, and obesity. Pregnancy is associated with physiological changes in the cardiovascular system, including hemodynamic, metabolic, and hormonal adaptations to meet the increased metabolic demands of the mother and fetus. It has been postulated that pregnancy may act as a cardiovascular stress test to identify women at high risk for heart disease, where the inability to adequately adapt to the physiologic stress of pregnancy may reveal the presence of genetic susceptibility to cardiovascular disease or accelerate the phenotypic expression of both inherited and acquired heart diseases, such as peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). PPCM is a rare and incompletely understood clinical condition. Despite recent advances in the understanding of its pathogenesis, PPCM is not attributable to a well-defined pathological mechanism, and therefore, its diagnosis still relies on the exclusion of overlapping dilated phenotypes. Cardiac imaging plays a key role in any peripartum woman with signs and symptoms of heart failure in establishing the diagnosis, ruling out life-threatening complications, guiding therapy and conveying prognostic information. Echocardiography represents the first-line imaging technique, given its robust diagnostic yield and its favorable cost-effectiveness. Cardiovascular magnetic resonance is a biologically safe high-throughput modality that allows accurate morpho-functional assessment of the cardiovascular system in addition to the unique asset of myocardial tissue characterization as a pivotal piece of information in the pathophysiological puzzle of PPCM. In this review, we will highlight current evidence on the role of multimodality imaging in the differential diagnosis, prognostic assessment, and understanding of the pathophysiological basis of PPCM.
Pathophysiology of aquaporin-2 in water balance disorders.; The recent identification of aquaporin water channel proteins has provided detailed information about the molecular basis for transepithelial water transport. At least five aquaporins have been identified in the kidney; they have provided detailed molecular insight into the fundamental physiology of water balance. This article focuses primarily on the physiology and pathophysiologic significance of the vasopressin-regulated water channel aquaporin-2 (AQP2) in a number of conditions where body water balance is disturbed. AQP2 is regulated by vasopressin by both short- and long-term mechanisms. Acutely, vasopressin induces exocytic insertion of AQP2 into the apical plasma membrane to increase collecting duct water reabsorption. Moreover, long-term regulation of body water balance is achieved by changes in total collecting duct levels of AQP2. Recent studies have documented that both vasopressin and vasopressin-independent regulation play important roles in this. In conditions with acquired nephrogenic diabetes insipidus (eg, lithium treatment, hypokalemia, postobstructive polyuria), AQP2 expression and targeting have been found to be markedly reduced, providing an explanation for the polyuria and the inability to concentrate urine associated with these conditions. Conversely, in conditions with water retention (eg, heart failure, pregnancy), it has been shown that AQP2 levels and plasma membrane targeting are increased. Continued analysis of aquaporins is providing detailed molecular insight into the physiology and pathophysiology of water balance disorders.
Mitochondrial gene mutations in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taiwan.; We studied the prevalence of mitochondrial gene mutations in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in a Chinese population living in Taiwan. Eighty-four subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 105 unrelated normal controls were recruited in the present study. Both an A-to-G mutation at position 3243 and a mutation at position 8,344 of the mitochondrial DNA were screened by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism methods and confirmed by direct DNA sequence analysis. The insulin secretory response was assessed by the C-peptide response to glucagon administration. Among 84 IDDM patients, two (2.4%) subjects were found to carry the 3,243 nucleotide pair (np) mutation. There was no np 8,344 mutation in this series. Of the two subjects carrying a mitochondrial gene mutation, case 1 manifested initially as gestational diabetes mellitus. Manifestation of case 2 was consistent with MELAS, a syndrome of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like episodes. The pancreatic beta cell reserve was reduced, as the glucagon-stimulated C-peptide response was very low in these two cases. HLA genotyping studies revealed that case 2 carried DRB1*0301-DQA1*0501-DQB*0201/ DRB1*0405-DQA1*0301-DQB1*0302, which was the most susceptible genotype to IDDM in our population. Anti-GAD65 antibody was also positive in this patient. In addition to the nuclear genes, a defective mitochondrial gene might contribute to some of the clinical cases with IDDM.
A review of glycated albumin as an intermediate glycation index for controlling diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: This article reviews glycated albumin (GA) as a potential intermediate-term glycation index to fill the gap between self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) and hemoglobin A1c testing in diabetes management. The introduction gives an assessment of available short-, medium-, and long-term glycemic indicators. METHODOLOGIES AND UTILITY: Methods of GA measurement are summarized, and the variance of normal and diabetic GA values are discussed. Greatest uniformity in GA measurement is generally associated with immunoassay and the newer affinity chromatography methodologies utilized by reference laboratories. Utility of GA measurement includes its value as a marker for glycation, its substantial relationship to diabetes complications such as nephropathy and coronary artery disease, and as an unambiguous indicator of glycemic control in diabetes patients undergoing hemodialysis. Studies support the utility of GA in detecting short-term changes in glycemic control, and GA testing has been strongly recommended for gestational diabetes. RESULTS AND DISCUSSION: The results of a survey with mailings to over 3500 diabetes care professionals primarily in the United States are outlined and analyzed (margin of error: +/-6.5%, 95% confidence). Respondents strongly supported the need for a test for intermediate glycemic control as well as the utility of a rapid GA test as a monthly glycemic indicator. CONCLUSIONS: Such a test, as yet unavailable, could increase compliance and enhance empowerment among diabetes patients. It also has the potential to reduce the number of recommended SMBG tests, which may result in significant health care cost savings.
First-born children have reduced insulin sensitivity and higher daytime blood pressure compared to later-born children.; BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests that first-born children and adults are phenotypically different to later-born children. Therefore, we aimed to assess whether birth order would be associated with changes in metabolism in childhood. METHODS: We studied 85 healthy prepubertal children aged 4 to 11 years, born 38 to 40 weeks' gestation, and birth weight appropriate for gestational age: 32 first-born and 53 later-born children. Clinical assessments included measurement of children's height, weight, fasting lipid and hormonal profiles, and dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry-derived body composition. Children also underwent 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tests with Bergman's minimal model. RESULTS: First-born children were approximately 3 cm taller (height SD scores 0.88 vs 0.39; P = .009) and were slimmer (body mass index SD scores -0.05 vs 0.39; P = .048) than later-born children. Consistent with their taller stature, first-born children also had a 27% increase in IGF-I concentrations (227 vs 173 ng/mL; P = .002). Insulin sensitivity was reduced by 21% among first-borns compared to later-borns (8.4 vs 10.6 × 10(-4)/min/[mU/L]; P = .019). Further, 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring showed that first-borns had higher daytime systolic (+5 mm Hg; P = .032) and diastolic (+4 mm Hg; P = .029) blood pressure. Blood lipids were unaffected by birth order. CONCLUSIONS: Although first-borns were taller and slimmer, these children had reduced insulin sensitivity and increased daytime blood pressure compared to later-borns. Thus, first-borns may be at a greater risk of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in adult life. This finding may have important public health implications, in light of a worldwide trend toward smaller families.
The PREDG study: A randomised controlled trial testing whether an educational intervention can prevent gestational weight gain in women with obesity.; OBJECTIVE: The PREDG trial was designed to study the influence of an educative program on gestational weight gain in women with pregestational obesity. METHODS: Randomized controlled clinical trial (https://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN61793947) in 169 women with pregestational obesity (BMI ≥30 kg/m(2)). Women were randomized to participate in a group education program in nutrition and physical activity or conventional follow-up in a specialized Unit of Obesity and Pregnancy. The nutritional intervention was adjusted to prepregnancy BMI and to the physical activity intensity. Quality was based on the Mediterranean diet. Macronutrients were distributed as follows: 50% carbohydrates, 20% protein and 30% fat. Adequate gestational weight gain was defined between 5 and 9 kg (IOM 2009). Mean gestational weight gain was compared between groups by using the T Student test and frequencies of adequate gestational weight gain were compared by using ꓫ(2). RESULTS: Gestational weight gain was lower in the intervention group: 8 (4-11) vs 9.2 (6-13) kg, p 0.026. Gestational weight gain was below 9 kg in 24 of 39 (61.5%) women of the intervention vs 10 of 41 (24.4%) of the control group (p 0.001). Regarding obstetric complications, there were 15 (8.3%) cases of gestational diabetes with no differences between the groups. There were 14 of 85 (18.2%) cases of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia in the intervention group compared with 26 of 84 (32.5%) in the control group (p 0.040). With reference to neonatal weight, there were 7 of 82 (8.5%) large for gestational age neonates in the intervention group compared with 15 of 79 (19.2%) in the control group (p 0.050). CONCLUSIONS: A group-based educative and structured intervention results in an adequate weight gain and lower rates of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and large for gestational age neonates in pregnant women with obesity.
Endocrinopathies and cardiopathies in patients with Turner syndrome.; Ovarian dysgenesis, short stature, and infertility are common features of Turner syndrome (TS). Endocrinopathies and cardiopathies are less common, but may induce significant complications, and are the leading cause of mortality in TS patients. Endocrine abnormality including osteoporosis occurs in up to 60% of patients, hypothyroidism at an incidence of 3.2%, and impaired glucose metabolism with variable incidence depending on the age group. Estrogen therapy and growth hormone therapy, alone or combined, improve height and bone mass in TS patients. Autoimmune hypothyroidism is prone in the X-isochromosome phenotypes in the first and second decades of TS women's life. Type 2 diabetes mellitus resulting from haploinsufficiency of Xp genes and quiescent β-cell autoimmunity occurs with higher frequency in TS patients in different age groups. The prevalence of cardiopathies in TS patients is 23%, with coarctation of aorta and bicuspid aortic valve being the most common cardiovascular malformations. Multidisciplinary and long-term medical healthcare is needed for TS patients. The risks of cardiovascular defects require close ultrasonography monitoring through the patient's lifespan, especially during pregnancy. The goal of this review is to provide an overview of endocrinopathies and cardiopathies in patients with TS.
Gender Bias in Cardiovascular Disease Prevention, Detection, and Management, with Specific Reference to Coronary Artery Disease.; Even though cardiovascular disease (CVD) kills more women than men each year and remains a leading cause of death in women, it is a common misconception that women are less likely to develop CVD. Considerable sex difference exists between men and women with regard to prevention, investigations, and management of CVD. Coronary artery disease (CAD) is a major contributor to CVD morbidity and mortality and hence is specifically addressed in this article. With an explosive increase in the incidence of conventional risk factors for coronary artery disease in India, there has been an alarming increase in women's coronary events as much as men. A false sense of gender-based protection by estrogen leads to less aggressive and late prevention or management strategies that contribute to women's CAD. Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is an important contributor to future development of CAD and is also an indicator for earlier interventions for prevention. Due to physical inactivity and central obesity, MetS is more prevalent in women, especially postmenopausal. With estrogen loss, menopause marks a critical cardiovascular biological transition, with a significantly increased CVD risk in women aged >55 years. Certain female-specific risk factors, such as history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and gestational diabetes, also seem to play an essential role in the development of CVD in later life. Certain vascular and biological factors, such as smaller coronary vessel size, higher prevalence of small vessel disease, and lesser development of collateral flow, also play an important role. This review article is an attempt to provide important information on gender differences in CVD with specific emphasis on CAD.
Peripheral Pathways in the Food-Intake Control towards the Adipose-Intestinal Missing Link.; In the physiological state a multitude of gut hormones are released into the circulation at the same time depending on the quality and quantity of the diet. These hormones interact with receptors at various points in the "gut-brain axis" to affect short-term and intermediate-term feelings of hunger and satiety. The combined effects of macronutrients on the predominant gut hormone secretion are still poorly understood. Besides, adipokines form an important part of an "adipoinsular axis" dysregulation which may contribute to β -cell failure and hence to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Even more, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and T2DM seem to share a genetic basis. In susceptible individuals, chronic exaggerated stimulation of the proximal gut with fat and carbohydrates may induce overproduction of an unknown factor that causes impairment of incretin production and/or action, leading to insufficient or untimely production of insulin, so that glucose intolerance develops. The bypass of the duodenum and jejunum might avoid a putative hormone overproduction in the proximal foregut in diabetic patients that might counteract the action of insulin, while the early presentation of undigested or incompletely digested food to the ileum may anticipate the production of hormones such as GLP1, further improving insulin action.
Causes and consequences of gestational diabetes in South Asians living in Canada: results from a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The reasons for the increased risk of gestational diabetes among South Asian women are not well understood. We sought to identify the determinants of gestational diabetes and its impact on newborn health in a prospective birth cohort of South Asian women and their babies. METHODS: As part of the South Asian Birth Cohort (START) prospective birth cohort study in Ontario, we recruited 1012 South Asian women with singleton pregnancies in the second trimester of pregnancy between July 11, 2011, and Nov. 10, 2015. We collected health information and physical measurements and administered an oral glucose tolerance test. Birth weight and skinfold thickness measurements were obtained from their newborns, and cord blood glucose and insulin levels were measured. RESULTS: The incidence of gestational diabetes was 36.3% (95% confidence interval [CI] 33.3%-39.3%); the age-standardized rate was 40.7%. Factors associated with gestational diabetes included maternal age (odds ratio [OR] 1.08 [95% CI 1.04-1.12]), family history of diabetes (OR 1.65 [95% CI 1.26-2.17]), prepregnancy weight (OR 1.025 [95% CI 1.01-1.04]) and low diet quality (OR 1.57 [95% CI 1.16-2.12]). Maternal height was protective against gestational diabetes (OR 0.97 [95% CI 0.95-0.99]). The population attributable risk due to prepregnancy body mass index and low diet quality was 37.3%. Compared to newborns of women without gestational diabetes, those of women with gestational diabetes had a significantly higher birth weight (3267 [standard error (SE) 23] g v. 3181 [SE 17] g, p = 0.005), greater skinfold thickness (11.7 [SE 0.1] mm v. 11.2 [SE 0.1] mm, p = 0.007) and lower insulin sensitivity (glucose/insulin ratio 0.092 [SE 0.009] mmol/pmol v. 0.129 [SE 0.006] mmol/pmol, p = 0.001). INTERPRETATION: The modifiable risk factors of prepregnancy weight and low diet quality accounted for 37% of the population attributable risk of gestational diabetes in our cohort. Intervention studies to lower prepregnancy weight and to prevent gestational diabetes among South Asian women in high-income countries are needed.
Impact of Maternal-Fetal Environment on Mortality in Children With Single Ventricle Heart Disease.; BACKGROUND Children with single ventricle heart disease have significant morbidity and mortality. The maternal-fetal environment (MFE) may adversely impact outcomes after neonatal cardiac surgery. We hypothesized that impaired MFE would be associated with an increased risk of death after stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. METHODS AND RESULTS We performed a retrospective cohort study of children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (and anatomic variants) who underwent stage 1 Norwood reconstruction between 2008 and 2018. Impaired MFE was defined as maternal gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and/or smoking during pregnancy. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to investigate the association between impaired MFE and death while adjusting for confounders. Hospital length of stay was assessed with the competing risk of in-hospital death. In 273 children, the median age at stage 1 Norwood reconstruction was 4 days (interquartile range [IQR], 3-6 days). A total of 72 children (26%) were exposed to an impaired MFE; they had more preterm births (18% versus 7%) and a greater percentage with low birth weights <2.5 kg (18% versus 4%) than those without impaired MFE. Impaired MFE was associated with a higher risk of death (hazard ratio [HR], 6.05; 95% CI, 3.59-10.21; P<0.001) after adjusting for age at surgery, Hispanic ethnicity, genetic syndrome, cardiac diagnosis, surgeon, and birth era. Children with impaired MFE had almost double the risk of prolonged hospital stay (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.41-2.70; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS Children exposed to an impaired MFE had a higher risk of death following stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. Prenatal exposures are potentially modifiable factors that can be targeted to improve outcomes after pediatric cardiac surgery.
Placental abruption in each hypertensive disorders of pregnancy phenotype: a retrospective cohort study using a national inpatient database in Japan.; We designed a retrospective cohort study using the Diagnosis Procedure Combination database, a national inpatient database for acute-care inpatients in Japan, to examine whether recent global diagnostic criteria for preeclampsia, phenotypes of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and features of the disease are useful as predictors of placental abruption and whether other risk factors are associated with the onset of placental abruption. A total of 85,858 hospitalized patients with a diagnosis of HDP who gave birth during hospitalization between July 2010 and March 2018 were included in this study. We examined the associations between the occurrence of placental abruption after hospitalization and several factors, including gestational age (GA) at placental abruption onset, HDP subtypes, GA on admission, maternal age, body mass index, smoking, multiple pregnancy, prelabor rupture of membranes, diabetes mellitus, emergency admission by ambulance, and consciousness, using a multivariate logistic regression analysis. Placental abruption occurred in 541 patients (0.63%) after hospital admission, and the occurrence increased acutely after 32 weeks GA. A decrease in abruption was significantly associated with maternal BMI on admission (≥30 kg/m(2); odds ratio [OR], 0.54; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.41-0.70) and multiple pregnancy (OR, 0.29; 95% CI, 0.18-0.46). An increase in abruption was associated with earlier GA on admission (<34 weeks' GA; OR, 3.77; 95% CI, 3.13-4.53) and emergency admission by ambulance (OR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.09-1.65). Individual features of severe PE showed no significant associations with the occurrence of abruption. In conclusion, HDP at an earlier GA was suggested to be a risk factor for placental abruption, and we recommend hospitalization and careful management of such patients to improve their prognosis.
Subfertility and risk of later life maternal cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Subfertility shares common pathways with cardiovascular disease (CVD), including polycystic ovarian syndrome, obesity and thyroid disorders. Women with prior 0-1 pregnancies are at an increased risk of incident CVD when compared with women with two pregnancies. It is uncertain whether history of subfertility among women eventually giving birth is a risk factor for CVD. METHODS: Among Swedish women with self-reported data on subfertility in the Swedish Medical Birth Register (n = 863 324), we used Cox proportional hazards models to relate a history of subfertility to CVD risk after adjustment for age, birth year, highest income, education, birth country, hypertension, diabetes, preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), smoking and for BMI in separate models. In additional analyses, we excluded women with: (i) pregnancy-related or non-pregnancy-related hypertension and/or diabetes; and (ii) preterm births and/or SGA babies. RESULTS: Among nulliparous women eventually having a childbirth (between 1983 and 2005, the median follow-up time 11.9; 0-23 years and 9 906 621 person-years of follow-up), there was an increased risk of CVD among women reporting ≥ 5 years of subfertility versus 0 years (hazard ratio 1.19, 95% confidence interval 1.02-1.39). There were not significantly elevated CVD risks for women with 1-2 or 3-4 years of subfertility versus 0 years. Accounting for BMI did not change results. Excluding women with hypertension and/or diabetes attenuated associations, whereas exclusion of women with preterm and/or SGA births did not change findings. CONCLUSIONS Subfertility among women eventually having a childbirth is a risk factor for CVD even upon accounting for cardiovascular risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Future studies should explore the mechanisms underlying this association.
Dilated iris vasculature in the setting of the neonatal hypoxic encephelopathy.; The differential diagnosis of dilated iris vasculature in a neonate includes retinopathy of prematurity with anterior segment plus disease, persistent fetal vasculature, intrauterine cocaine exposure, maternal diabetes, and other pathologies associated with iris neovascularization and ischemia seen in adult populations, such as central retinal vein occlusions, ocular ischemic syndrome, and chronic retinal detachment. We present neonatal hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy as a new etiology of dilated iris vasculature in a male baby who suffered a large in-utero brain vasculature insult three weeks prior to delivery but with normal fundi, no risk factors for retinopathy of prematurity (normal birth weight, and gestational age), and no other explanatory etiologies. The mechanism of the dilated iris vasculature is likely also ischemic and therefore its presence likely portends a poor prognosis. We recommend that the neonatologist evaluate for this sign for this reason and consult ophthalmology to ensure its correct etiology.
Risk of gestational hypertension in relation to folic acid supplementation during pregnancy.; The authors investigated the association between folic acid supplementation and gestational hypertension. The study population included women with nonmalformed infants in the United States and Canada who were participating in the Slone Epidemiology Center Birth Defects Study between 1993 and 2000. Women were interviewed within 6 months after delivery about sociodemographic and medical factors, the occurrence of hypertension with or without preeclampsia, and multivitamin use in pregnancy. Relative risks, adjusted for weight, parity, twin pregnancy, diabetes, smoking, education, and family income, were estimated using Cox regression models. Of 2,100 women, 204 (9.7%) reported gestational hypertension (onset after the 20th week of gestation). The multivariate-adjusted relative risk of developing gestational hypertension during the month after folic acid supplementation, compared with not using folic acid during that same month, was 0.55 (95% confidence interval: 0.39, 0.79). This finding suggests that folic acid-containing multivitamins may reduce the risk of gestational hypertension.
Maternal cardiovascular disorders before and during pregnancy and offspring cardiovascular risk across the life course.; Obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and dyslipidaemia are highly prevalent among women of reproductive age and contribute to complications in >30% of pregnancies in Western countries. An accumulating body of evidence suggests that these cardiovascular disorders in women, occurring before and during their pregnancy, can affect the development of the structure, physiology and function of cardiovascular organ systems at different stages during embryonic and fetal development. These developmental adaptations might, in addition to genetics and sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, increase the susceptibility of the offspring to cardiovascular disease throughout the life course. In this Review, we discuss current knowledge of the influence of maternal cardiovascular disorders, occurring before and during pregnancy, on offspring cardiovascular development, dysfunction and disease from embryonic life until adulthood. We discuss findings from contemporary, large-scale, observational studies that provide insights into specific critical periods, evidence for causality and potential underlying mechanisms. Furthermore, we focus on priorities for future research, including defining optimal cardiovascular and reproductive health in women and men before their pregnancy and identifying specific embryonic, placental and fetal molecular developmental adaptations from early pregnancy onwards. Together, these approaches will help stop the intergenerational cycle of cardiovascular disease.
[Intracranial arteriovenous malformations in Taiwan].; This paper analyzes the available literature on intracranial arteriovenous malformations (AVM) in Taiwan. The incidence and symptoms of the disease are studied with a view to assisting practitioners in its recognition. The incidence of intracranial AVM in patients who have suffered hemorrhagic stroke in Taiwan is 2.5% to 4.8%, with the male to female ratio being 1.5:1. The peak age at which bleeding from intracranial AVM occurred ranged from 10 to 40 years; bleeding showed no seasonal variation. Sudden headaches, vomiting, and disturbance of consciousness were the commonest presenting symptoms of AVM, similar to the rupture of intracranial aneurysms. However, the possibility of focal neurological deficit among patients with intracranial AVM was higher than in patients with intracranial aneurysms. Risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes mellitus, heart disease, smoking and alcohol intake showed no close relationship to bleeding in intracranial AVM. Pregnancy is not a risk factor in female patients with intracranial AVM with no history of hemorrhage. Small intracranial AVM are more likely to bleed. Since 1961 the majority of Taiwan's intracranial AVM patients have been treated surgically, while before that date general medicine was the treatment of choice. In recent years, several developments such as operation microscope, microsurgical instruments and microsurgical techniques have enhanced the efficacy of surgical intervention in the treatment of AVM. When the mortality and morbidity rates resulting from the two forms of treatment are compared, surgical treatment shows a better prognosis for the treatment of intracranial AVM.
Culture clash: a missed opportunity.; Erasto is a term infant born by vaginal delivery to a gravida 7 para 7 Somalia woman with full prenatal care in the United States. His mother had gestational diabetes. The delivery was complicated by respiratory distress and an urgent admission to the neonatal intensive care unit for further evaluation for possible pulmonary disease and a congenital heart condition. A female pediatric intern was assigned to update Erasto's mother on the baby's status and to obtain consent for an intravascular line placement. When she entered the room to talk to the mother, multiple family members spanning at 3 generations were with the baby's mother. They were all women with the exception of Erasto's father who was apprised of the baby's clinical status by the male neonatal physician several minutes earlier. Through a telephone translator, the intern explained to Erasto's mother that her baby may have heart and lung problems that may be related to her gestational diabetes. At this point, many family members spoke simultaneously and excitedly. Some accused the intern of keeping the baby in the neonatal intensive care unit "to make more money," and others said they would sue her "if anything happened to Erasto." The mother denied that she had gestational diabetes, and claimed that because she "believed in God...nothing is wrong with my baby." The intern was not prepared for this response and asked herself, "What went wrong?"
Drosophila melanogaster: An emerging model of transgenerational effects of maternal obesity.; The prevalence of obesity in the world is endemic with one rapidly growing health concern being maternal obesity. Obesity during pregnancy increases the risk of gestational diabetes, miscarriage, and preeclampsia, while rendering offspring susceptible to developmental anomalies and long-term metabolic complications including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Several studies in humans and rodents demonstrate a correlation between the risks of maternal overnutrition and factors such as epigenetics, mitochondrial dysfunction, insulin resistance, ER stress, and immune system disruption. At present, the molecular mechanisms connecting these factors to maternal obesity are unknown. This review focuses on the use of Drosophila melanogaster to study human metabolic diseases, including obesity, and its emerging use to elucidate the mechanisms of maternal overnutrition and the impact on offspring.
Beyond pregnancy: modulation of trophoblast invasion and its consequences for fetal growth and long-term children's health.; Invasion of extravillous trophoblast cells (EVTs) into the maternal tissues is a key step in the development of a successful pregnancy, excessive and insufficient EVT invasion being associated with pregnancy complications. These pregnancy complications include preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction, both of which are associated with maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality at the time of birth and with increased risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity in adult life for infants born from these conditions. In addition, women who develop preeclampsia are also at a greater risk of cardiovascular disease in later life. Many factors, protein and environmental, have been shown to both up- and down-regulate this process in vitro via different mechanisms. The redundancy observed in the regulation of this system suggests that dysregulation of one factor may not contribute to the pathological conditions of EVT invasion and that the relative local concentrations of many different factors may be more important. This review article explores the possibility that the modulation of EVT invasion as a therapeutic target for pregnancies affected by preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction may not be possible or needs to concentrate on the modulation of cell activity as a whole and not of one particular factor.
[Hypertension and pregnancy].; Increasing evidence indicates that hypertension in pregnancy is an under recognized risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Compared with women who have had normotensive pregnancies, those who are hypertensive during pregnancy are at greater risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events and have a less favorable overall risk profile for CVD years after the affected pregnancies. One factor that might underlie this relationship is that hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia, in particular) and CVD share several common risk factors (e.g. obesity, diabetes mellitus and renal disease). Alternatively, hypertension in pregnancy could induce long-term metabolic and vascular abnormalities that might increase the overall risk of CVD later in life. In both cases, evidence regarding risk-reduction interventions specific to women who have had hypertensive pregnancies is lacking. While awaiting results of large-scale studies, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be screened for during assessment of a woman's overall risk profile for CVD. Women at high risk must be monitored closely for conventional risk factors that are common to both CVD and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and treated according to current evidence-based national guidelines.
OS027. Ethnicity and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Women who develop pregnancy complications are more likely to develop cardiovascular disorders later in life. A history of pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with a four-fold increased risk of hypertension and twice the risk of future ischaemic heart disease and stroke. Early identification of women at risk of developing pregnancy complications is likely to facilitate targeted antenatal surveillance and possibly intervention. Maternal ethnicity affects the risk of developing some of these complications, and so is likely to be an important variable in the risk assessment. OBJECTIVES: The main aim of this study was to quantify the ethnicity-related risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This was a multicentre cohort study in singleton pregnancies at 11(+0)-13(+6) weeks of gestation. Data on maternal characteristics, medical and obstetric history were collected and pregnancy outcomes ascertained. Racial origin was classified into Caucasian, African, South Asian, East Asian and mixed. The adverse pregnancy outcomes in this study included PE, gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery (PTD), small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA), stillbirth, obstetric cholestasis (OC) and emergency Caesarean section (CS). The diagnosis of PE and GH was made according to the guidelines of the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. The neonate was considered SGA if the birthweight was less than the 5th percentile and LGA if the birthweight was more than the 90th percentile for gestation at delivery. The diagnosis of GDM was made if the fasting plasma glucose level was at least 6mmol/L or the plasma glucose level 2h after oral administration of 75g glucose was 7.8mmol/L or more (WHO). Stillbirth was defined as the death of a fetus before birth after the 24th week of pregnancy. The diagnosis of OC was made when there was pruritus in association with abnormal liver function in the absence of any other identifiable liver pathology which resolved after delivery. Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of these adverse pregnancy outcomes. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (ORs) were derived for each pregnancy outcome. RESULTS: Seventy five thousand and four hundred women were included in the study, of whom 57,564 were Caucasian and 11,395 African. Compared to Caucasian ethnic origin, African women were more likely to develop PE [OR (95% CI): 2.77 (2.49-3.09), p<0.0001], GH [OR 1.38 (1.23-1.56), p<0.0001], SGA [OR 3.48 (3.16-3.83), p<0.0001], stillbirth [OR 2.42 (1.87-3.12), p<0.0001], GDM [OR 1.82 (1.59-2.07), p<0.0001], PTD prior to 37 weeks gestation [OR 1.33 (1.23-1.44), p<0.0001], and emergency CS [OR 2.42 (1.87-3.12), p<0.0001]. On the other hand, African women were less likely to develop LGA and OC [OR (95% CI): 0.63 (0.58-0.67) and 0.47 (0.32-0.69) respectively; p<0.0001 for both]. CONCLUSION: Compared to Caucasian ethnic background, women of African origin have a different risk profile for adverse pregnancy outcomes. This difference should be taken into account when calculating an individualised adjusted risk or when tailoring antenatal care.
[Early nutrition and weight evolution in children].; Maternal nutritional and metabolic factors which affect fetal growth and birth weight generate an increasing interest. Some of these factors might affect organs growth and functions, or might modify metabolism, toward a greater susceptibility to obesity and several chronic diseases (arterial hypertension, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases). Numerous epidemiological data support a negative relation between birth weight and these chronic diseases. Other studies indicate a positive relation between birth weight and body mass index in childhood or adulthood, which may be explained by a reduced lean mass; however, some of them suggest that a low birth weight would favored a troncular (central) fat distribution. In offsprings of mother with diabetes during pregnancy, a high birth weight, clearly predispose to obesity and insulin resistance since infancy, thus, demonstrating the deleterious effect of the in utero diabetic environment. Recent studies, indicate that even moderate maternal glucose tolerance abnormalities, of a lower grade than gestational diabetes, lead to an accelerated fetal adiposity growth. Furthermore, an early rapid postnatal growth is also a risk factor for children overweight. All these recent data, reinforce the need for studies to assess the complex interactions between prenatal and postnatal growth and their nutritional and genetic determinants. This is of importance due to the increasing number of women who are overweight when becoming pregnant, as well as, the regular increase in the prevalence of children overweight and obesity.
Retardation of fetal dendritic development induced by gestational hyperglycemia is associated with brain insulin/IGF-I signals.; Hyperglycemia is an essential risk factor for mothers and fetuses in gestational diabetes. Clinical observation has indicated that the offspring of mothers with diabetes shows impaired somatosensory function and IQ. However, only a few studies have explored the effects of hyperglycemia on fetal brain development. Neurodevelopment is susceptible to environmental conditions. Thus, this study aims to investigate the effects of maternal hyperglycemia on fetal brain development and to evaluate insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) signals in fetal brain under hyperglycemia or controlled hyperglycemia. At day 1 of pregnancy, gestational rats were intraperitoneally injected with streptozocin (60 mg/kg). Some of the hyperglycemic gestational rats were injected with insulin (20 IU, two times a day) to control hyperglycemia; the others were injected with saline of equal volume. The gestational rats were sacrificed at days 14, 16, and 18 of embryo development. The dendritic spines of subplate cortex neurons in the fetal brain were detected by Golgi-Cox staining. The mRNA levels of insulin receptors (IRs) and IGF-IR in the fetal brain were measured using qRT-PCR. The protein levels of synaptophysin, IR, and IGF-IR in the fetal brain were detected by western blot. No significant difference in fetal brain formation was observed between the maternal hyperglycemic group and insulin-treated group. By contrast, obvious retardation of dendritic development in the fetus was observed in the maternal hyperglycemic group. Similarly, synaptophysin expression was lower in the fetus of the maternal hyperglycemic group than in that of the insulin-treated group. The mRNA and protein expression levels of IRs in the fetal brain were higher in the hyperglycemic group than in the insulin-treated group. By contrast, the levels of IGF-IR in the brain were lower in the fetus of the maternal hyperglycemic group than in that of the insulin-treated group. These results suggested that maternal hyperglycemia can retard dendritic development in the fetal brain and that these changes partially resulted from abnormal insulin/IGF-I signaling in the fetal brain.
Fetal cardiac function: technical considerations and potential research and clinical applications.; Fetal echocardiography was initially used to detect structural anomalies but has more recently also been proposed to assess fetal cardiac function. This review summarizes technical issues and limitations in fetal cardiac function evaluation, as well as its potential research and clinical applications. Functional echocardiography has been demonstrated to select high-risk populations and to be associated with outcome in several fetal conditions including intrauterine growth restriction, twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, maternal diabetes, and congenital diaphragmatic hernia. Fetal heart evaluation is challenging due to the smallness and high heart rate of the fetus and restricted access to the fetus far from the transducer. Due to these limitations and differences in cardiac function which are related to fetal maturation, cardiovascular parameters should be validated in the fetus and used with caution. Despite these precautions, in expert hands and with appropriate ultrasound equipment, evaluation of cardiac function is feasible in most fetuses. Functional fetal echocardiography is a promising tool that may soon be incorporated into clinical practice. Research is warranted to further refine the contribution of fetal cardiac assessment to the diagnosis, monitoring, or prediction of outcomes in various fetal conditions.
Patterns of physical activity and sedentary behavior before and during pregnancy and cardiometabolic outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess how physical activity and sedentary behavior change from pre-pregnancy to pregnancy, and if pre-pregnancy and pregnancy physical activity and sedentary behavior are related to gestational weight gain, blood pressure, or blood glucose across pregnancy. DESIGN: Secondary analysis of two prospective cohort studies. SETTING: Prenatal research centers in Pittsburgh, PA and Iowa City, IA. PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant individuals (n=131), 18-45 years old, of any BMI, with no medical condition limiting physical activity or use of hypertension/diabetes medications. METHODS: Participants self-reported physical activity and sedentary behavior pre-pregnancy and in each trimester using validated questionnaires. Blood pressure, blood glucose, and weight were obtained from study visits and/or electronic medical records. Multivariable regression examined associations between pre-pregnancy, trimester-specific, and changes in physical activity and sedentary behavior with weight gain and blood pressure outcomes in each trimester, and blood glucose in the second trimester. RESULTS: Compared to pre-pregnancy, physical activity was lower in each trimester, and sedentary behavior was higher in each trimester (p<0.05). Increasing physical activity from pre-pregnancy levels was associated with lower first trimester SBP (p<0.05). Unexpectedly, higher pre-pregnancy physical activity was associated with higher SBP in the first trimester (p=0.02) and higher weight gain in the third trimester (p=0.02). Higher and increasing sedentary behavior was associated with greater weight gain in the third trimester (p=0.03). CONCLUSION: Future research should investigate the opportune time (before or during pregnancy) to deliver behavior modification interventions that could prevent excessive gestational weight gain or elevated blood pressure to improve maternal health outcomes.
STEMI, Revascularization, and Peak Troponin by Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Myocardial Infarction.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes have a higher risk of coronary heart disease. Emerging evidence suggests that women with a history of preeclampsia have a different pattern of overall coronary atherosclerosis and that they at the time of myocardial infarction (MI) more frequently present with ST-segment elevation MI (STEMI) compared to women with no such history. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to determine whether among women with MI, those with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are more likely to present with STEMI or other clinical characteristics indicating a more severe myocardial injury. METHODS: The study sample consisted of 8,320 women aged ≤65 years with first MI in Sweden 2007 to 2022. Regression models were used to estimate the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [non-preeclamptic hypertension and preeclampsia], small for gestational age [SGA] infant, and preterm delivery) and STEMI, invasive revascularization, and high troponin, while considering known predictors of coronary heart disease. RESULTS: In total, 3,128 (38%) of women suffered STEMI. The adjusted OR of presenting with STEMI were higher in women with a history of preterm preeclampsia (OR: 1.40; 95% CI: 1.05-1.88), or an SGA infant (OR: 1.30; 95% CI: 1.13-1.50) compared to women with no such history, as well as for in-hospital revascularization. Stratified by infarct type, troponin levels did not differ by adverse pregnancy outcome history. CONCLUSIONS: Among women with a first MI, a history of preterm preeclampsia or SGA infant were associated with STEMI and invasive revascularization.
Prevalence of glucose intolerance and metabolic syndrome within one year following delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at risk for development of both overt Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) at higher rates and at earlier ages than control women. Current guidelines recommend longitudinal testing of glucose tolerance for women with prior GDM, but no formal assessments of cardiovascular disease are suggested. This study estimated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women with GDM in recent pregnancy who were followed for at least 1 year postpartum to quantify their cardiovascular risks. METHODS: This is a retrospective study of women who were diagnosed with GDM in a public hospital and followed for at least 1 year after delivery and who had tests performed at a minimum 4-12 weeks postpartum and 6 and 12 months postpartum. Primary outcomes were prevalence of glucose tolerance abnormalities and metabolic syndrome (MetS) defined by two prevailing sets of diagnostic criteria. RESULTS: One hundred fifty-one indigent, primarily Latina women who had been diagnosed in their last pregnancy with GDM comprised the study population. At the first visit postpartum, 4.7% were found to have overt diabetes and between 24 and 31% met the criteria for MetS. By the end of 12 months, another 14.5% were diagnosed with overt diabetes, and 38.5% had prediabetes. An additional 12-25% of the woman who had not had MetS at baseline developed MetS by the end of the 1-year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Given the high prevalence of MetS among women with recent history of GDM immediately postpartum and its rapid development in the following year, further research is needed to enable the development of practice guidelines that will define appropriate short and long-term evaluations needed to assess risk for cardiovascular disease in these women.
Visfatin/Nampt: an adipokine with cardiovascular impact.; Adipose tissue is acknowledged as an endocrine organ that releases bioactive factors termed adipokines. Visfatin was initially identified as a novel adipokine with insulin-mimetic properties in mice. This adipokine was identical to two previously described molecules, namely, pre-B cell colony-enhancing factor (PBEF) and the enzyme nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (Nampt). Enhanced circulating visfatin/Nampt levels have been reported in metabolic diseases, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes. Moreover, visfatin/Nampt circulating levels correlate with markers of systemic inflammation. In cardiovascular diseases, visfatin/Nampt was initially proposed as a clinical marker of atherosclerosis, endothelial dysfunction, and vascular damage, with a potential prognostic value. Nevertheless, beyond being a surrogate clinical marker, visfatin/Nampt is an active player promoting vascular inflammation, and atherosclerosis. Visfatin/Nampt effects on cytokine and chemokine secretion, macrophage survival, leukocyte recruitment by endothelial cells, vascular smooth muscle inflammation and plaque destabilization make of this adipokine an active factor in the development and progression of atherosclerosis. Further research is required to fully understand the mechanisms mediating the cellular actions of this adipokine and to better characterize the factors regulating visfatin/Nampt expression and release in all these pathologic scenarios. Only then, we will be able to conclude whether visfatin/Nampt is a therapeutical target in cardiometabolic diseases.
Progestogens in cardiovascular diseases: an introduction to the epidemiologic data.; Earlier publications on the cardiovascular risks associated with oral contraceptive use emphasized the role of estrogens. Today most oral contraceptives contain less tha 50 microgram of estrogen. Furthermore, prescribing practices have improved so that most women with risk factors are not taking oral contraceptives. No differences in risk of fatal myocardial infarctions could be demonstrated by women taking 50 microgram estrogen products versus those taking products with lower estrogen dosages. Perhaps this result reflects small numbers of patients in the study, or perhaps it reflects an effect of progestogen. Since the lower estrogen doses are associated with levonorgestrel, the possibility exists that the advantages of reduced estrogen dosage are masked by the progestogen effect. A larger study is required to examine the relative importance of the estrogen and progestogen components in combined oral contraceptives.
HLA-identical sibling renal transplantation--a 21-yr single-center experience.; Human lymphocyte antigen (HLA)-identical sibling organs offer the best long-term outcomes for recipients of a renal transplant apart from an identical twin. Unlike cadaveric transplants, however, factors that affect long-term survival of these immunologically privileged grafts are not well described. We reviewed 108 HLA-identical transplants performed at our institution between January 1977 and February 1993. Variables chosen for graft survival analysis were: gender, age and ABO blood type of donors and recipients, panel reactivity antibodies (PRA), blood transfusions prior to transplant, pregnancies, and the underlying renal disease. Additionally, incidence of acute rejection (AR), timing of AR, serum creatinine levels at 1 wk and at 1 yr, and presence of hypertension were included in the analysis. Mean follow-up was 130.9 +/- 58.2 months (range 38-250 months). Actual 5-yr patient and graft survivals were 92 and 88%, respectively. Thirty-eight grafts were lost, and 22 recipients died during the observation period. Death was the main cause of graft failure. Cardiac events accounted for the majority of deaths. AR occurred in 46% and repeated rejections in 11% of recipients. Actuarial graft survival at 10 yr was poorer for patients with any AR (69%), and significantly worse with repeated AR (33%), compared to patients without AR (86%), p = 0.001). Sixty percent of all rejections and 88% of the first rejections occurred in the first 60 d post-transplantation. The first AR that occurred after 60 d was associated with poor graft survival (49 vs. 70%, p = 0.04). Recipients with renal diseases with potential to recur (membranous glomerulonephritis (MGN), membrano-proliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN), focal and segmental glomerulonephritis (FSGN), polyarteritis nodosa (PAN), rapid progressive glomerulonephritis (RPGN), Henoch-Schoenlein purpura (HSP), diabetes mellitus (DM), interstitial nephritis, systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and chronic glomerulonephritis (CGN)) faired worse as a group than recipients with hypertensive nephrosclerosis (HTN), autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD), Alport's, reflux or congenital dysplasia (68 vs. 96% at 10 yr, p = 0.0009). Poor patient survival was seen in diabetics (71 vs. 88% at 10 yr, p = 0.01). There was a trend to poorer graft survival in diabetic recipients when compared to non-diabetics (65 vs. 81% at 10 yr, p = 0.054). Elevated creatinine at 1 yr was associated with worse graft survival. Likewise, the magnitude of creatinine increase during the first year directly correlated with the risk of graft loss. Hypertensive patients were more likely to lose their grafts than normotensive recipients (72 vs. 86%, p = 0.04). Pre-transplant blood transfusion, pregnancy, and PRA level were not associated with increased graft failure or AR. Graft survival was not affected by gender, age, or ABO blood type of donors or recipients. In conclusion, better prevention and treatment of AR, hypertension, and cardiac disease should improve graft and patient survival. Close attention to recurrence of disease and subtle changes in the creatinine level during the first year might dictate early diagnostic and, hopefully, therapeutic interventions.
Maternal Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography Changes Related to Small for Gestational Age Pregnancies.; PURPOSE: To study maternal retinal changes in pregnancies that resulted in a small for gestational age (SGA) infant. METHODS: Pregnant women with SGA infants at birth and age-matched pregnant women with appropriate for gestational age (AGA) infants at birth (controls) were enrolled. All subjects underwent spectral domain optical coherent tomography angiography (OCTA) imaging using a 10° × 10° scan pattern centered on the fovea. Vessel density (VD) and vessel length density (VLD) of the superficial capillary plexus (SCP), intermediate capillary plexus (ICP), and deep capillary plexus (DCP) were analyzed and compared between the two groups. RESULTS: Twelve eyes of eight subjects with SGA infants and 64 eyes of 44 age-matched subjects with AGA infants were included in this study. There was no significant difference in chronic hypertension (P = 1.0), gestational hypertension (P = 1.0), type 1/2 diabetes (P = 1.0), gestational diabetes (P = 0.97), or preeclampsia (P = 0.50) between the SGA group and AGA group. There were significant increases in both VD and VLD in the SCP and ICP layers when comparing the SGA group with the AGA group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In this pilot study, subjects with SGA infants had increases in selective retinal vasculature layers that may represent systemic perfusion changes compensating for placental insufficiency. TRANSLATIONAL RELEVANCE: Additional assessment of maternal retinal changes in pregnancy using OCTA could prove the technology useful as a biomarker of fetal morbidity.
The thrifty phenotype as an adaptive maternal effect.; Human diseases in adulthood are increasingly associated with growth patterns in early life, implicating early-life nutrition as the underlying mechanism. The thrifty phenotype hypothesis proposed that early-life metabolic adaptations promote survival, with the developing organism responding to cues of environmental quality by selecting an appropriate trajectory of growth. Recently, some authors have proposed that the thrifty phenotype is also adaptive in the longer-term, by preparing the organism for its likely adult environment. However, windows of plasticity close early during human development, and subsequent environmental changes may result in the selected trajectory becoming inappropriate, leading to adverse effects on health. This paradox generates uncertainty as to whether the thrifty phenotype is indeed adaptive for the offspring in humans. The thrifty phenotype should not be considered a dichotomous concept, rather it refers to the capacity of all offspring to respond to environmental information during early ontogenetic development. This article argues that the thrifty phenotype is the consequence of three different adaptive processes - niche construction, maternal effects, and developmental plasticity - all of which in humans are influenced by our large brains. While developmental plasticity represents an adaptation by the offspring, both niche construction and parental effects are subject to selection on parental rather than offspring fitness. The three processes also operate at different paces. Human offspring do not become net calories-producers until around 18 years of age, such that the high energy costs of the human brain are paid primarily by the mother, even after weaning. The evolutionary expansion of human brain volume occurred in environments characterised by high volatility, inducing strong selective pressure on maternal capacity to provision multiple offspring simultaneously. The thrifty phenotype is therefore best considered as a manipulation of offspring phenotype for the benefit of maternal fitness. The information that enters offspring phenotype during early development does not predict the likely future environment of the offspring, but rather reflects the mother's own developmental experience and the quality of the environment during her own maturation. Offspring growth trajectory thus becomes aligned with long-term maternal capacity to provision. In contemporary populations, the sensitivity of offspring development to maternal phenotype exposes the offspring to adverse effects, through four distinct pathways. The offspring may be exposed to (1) poor maternal metabolic control (e.g. gestational diabetes), (2) maternally derived toxins (e.g. maternal smoking), or (3) low maternal social status (e.g. small size). Adverse consequences of these effects may then be exacerbated by (4) exposure either to the "toxic" western environment in postnatal life, in which diet and physical activity levels are mismatched with metabolic experience in utero, or at the other extreme to famine. The rapid emergence of the epidemic of the metabolic syndrome in the 20th Century reflects the rapid acceleration in the pace of niche construction relative to the slower physiological combination of developmental plasticity and parental effects.
Small for gestational age babies: Indian scene.; Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) is an important determinant of neonatal mortality, morbidity and poor neurologic outcome. The study was aimed to evaluate the magnitude of perinatal risk factors in causation and the neonatal outcome of small for gestational age (SGA) babies. One hundred and three SGA babies born over a period of one year were retrospectively analysed during their hospital stay. 3.53 per cent of the babies were SGA with mean birth weight of 1657 +/- SD 354 gm (range 600-2200 gm). 68.9 per cent were term babies and 51.5 per cent were females. Toxemia of pregnancy (30.09%), hypertensive diseases of pregnancy (HDP) excluding toxemia (5.8%), diabetes mellitus (1.94%), medical disorders including renal and cardiac (3.88%), anemia (Hb < 8 gm%) and IU infection (0.97%) were the main conditions responsible for SGA. In 56.3% pregnancies, no cause could be ascertained. The common perinatal problems were infections in 27 (26.2%), birth asphyxia in 22 (21.36%), polycythemia in 25 (24.3%), jaundice in 22 (21.36%) and hypoglycemia in 7 (6.8%). Congenital malformations in 2 (1.94%) and Hyaline membrane disease in 1 (0.97%) were uncommon problems. 5.8 per cent babies died due to various perinatal problems. Based on these findings it was concluded that idiopathic (? Constitutional) intrauterine growth retardation was the commonest cause of SGA in Indian babies. 58.3 per cent babies had neonatal problems and they had a better survival compared to their western counterparts.
Neonatal outcome of premature infants of mothers with preeclampsia.; Our objective was to compare the outcome of premature infants of mothers with preeclampsia and hypertension with properly matched controls to examine whether infants of mothers with preeclampsia are at a lesser risk. We designed a retrospective cohort study of 99 infants of mothers with preeclampsia and hypertension (IHM) at < or = 36 weeks' gestation. Infants of nonhypertensive women matched for gestational age, gender, asphyxia, maternal diabetes mellitus, twin gestation, and mode of delivery served as controls. Data were analyzed by dividing all cases into three gestational age groups: group I, 26 to 30 weeks' gestation (IHM n = 21, control n = 39); group II, 31 to 33 weeks (IHM n = 32, control n = 61); and group III, 34 to 36 weeks (IHM n = 46). Because detailed data on nonhypertensive infants at 34 to 36 weeks' gestation were available only for intensive care unit admissions, group III was excluded from the comparative analysis. The incidence of hyaline membrane disease was significantly lower in IHM compared with the controls in groups I and II (group I, 19.1% vs 46.2%, p < 0.005; group II, 12.5% vs 32.8%, p < 0.04). Symptomatic patent ductus arteriosus occurred less frequently in groups I and II compared with controls (group I, 28.6% vs 46.2%, p < 0.001; group II, 3.1% vs 13.1%, p < 0.005). Intraventricular hemorrhage was less frequent in group I compared with controls (4.8% vs 20.5%, p < 0.001). The incidence of intraventricular hemorrhage in group II was similar at 3.1% versus 1.6% for controls.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are one of the most commonly occurring complications of pregnancy and include chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and pre-eclampsia. New developments in early pregnancy screening to identify women at high risk for pre-eclampsia combined with targeted aspirin prophylaxis could greatly reduce the number of affected pregnancies. Furthermore, recent advances in the diagnosis of pre-eclampsia, such as placental growth factor based testing, have been shown to improve the identification of those pregnancies at highest risk of severe complications. Evidence from trials has refined the target blood pressure and timing of delivery to manage chronic hypertension and pre-eclampsia with non-severe features, respectively. Importantly, a wealth of epidemiological data now links HDP to future cardiovascular disease and diabetes decades after an affected pregnancy. This review discusses the current guidelines and research data on the prevention, diagnosis, management, and postnatal follow-up of HDP. It also discusses the gap in knowledge regarding the long term risks for cardiovascular disease following HDP and illustrates the importance of improving adherence to postnatal guidelines to monitor hypertension and the need for more research focused on primary prevention of future cardiovascular disease in women identified as being at high risk because of HDP.
[Complications in pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome].; Pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are at increased risk of pregnancy-related disorders such as gestational diabetes (GDM), gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in the 2nd and 3rd trimester. In addition, the risk of preterm birth, children who are small and large for gestational age, caesarean section and poorer neonatal outcome seem to be elevated, however with less clear evidence. Except for the screening for GDM, there is no evidence of a benefit of increased surveillance during pregnancy for women with PCOS.
Euglycemic Diabetic Ketoacidosis in a Pregnant Woman With Severe COVID-19: A Case Report.; Euglycemic diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) of pregnancy is an uncommon but serious condition that poses a substantial risk to the fetus. The physiological state of pregnancy itself predisposes women to ketosis and ketoacidosis, which can be further exacerbated by acute stressors such as infection. In this article, we describe a case of a pregnant woman with gestational diabetes and coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) requiring mechanical ventilation who developed euglycemic DKA during her hospital course. Despite treating the patient with standard DKA protocol, fetal heart monitoring was non-reassuring and, hence, a cesarean section was performed. Postoperatively, her DKA resolved; however, she was maintained on supportive ventilation for continued management of her severe COVID-19 infection. In light of the ongoing pandemic, it is essential that healthcare teams closely monitor pregnant women presenting with COVID-19 infection for early signs of euglycemic DKA so that treatment may be initiated early and feto-maternal complications are avoided.
Caudal dysplasia syndrome and sirenomelia: are they part of a spectrum?; Caudal dysplasia syndrome (CDS) is associated with hypoplastic lower extremities, caudal vertebrae, sacrum, neural tube, and urogenital organs. Sirenomelia is characterized by a single lower extremity, absent sacrum, urogenital anomalies, and imperforate anus. There is controversy in the medical literature about whether sirenomelia and CDS are part of the spectrum of the same malformation. Patients with CDS and sirenomelia were identified from our pathology files from 1991 to 2006. Maternal history, pathologic examination, and radiographs were collected and tabulated. We found 9 cases with CDS and 6 with sirenomelia. Fully 7 of 9 patients with CDS (77.7%) versus none of sirenomelic babies were infants of diabetic mothers. Congenital heart disease was present in 5 patients with CDS (55.5%) and none of the infants with sirenomelia. Of 9 children with CDS 2 (22.2%) had bilateral renal agenesis versus 66% of sirenomelics. Single umbilical artery was found in 33% of cases with CDS and 100% of children with sirenomelia. External genitalia were ambiguous in 2 of 9 patients (22.2%) with CDS and in all patients with sirenomelia. Imperforate anus was found in 10 cases (66.6%) divided as 4 of 9 babies with CDS (44.4%) and all patients with sirenomelia. Three patients with CDS had concomitant maternal diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension. These babies also had cleft lip and palate. Congenital heart disease was found in 55.5% of cases with CDS and none of the children with sirenomelia. We conclude that although CDS and sirenomelia share many similar features, they are two different entities.
Small for gestational age and the metabolic syndrome: which mechanism is suggested by epidemiological and clinical studies?; The metabolic and cardiovascular complications associated with in-utero undernutrition have been identified during the past 10 years. Reduced fetal growth is independently associated with an increased risk of development of cardiovascular diseases, the insulin-resistance syndrome or one of its components (i.e., hypertension, dyslipidaemia, impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes). Insulin resistance appears to be a key component underlying these metabolic complications. Although the mechanism remains unclear, several pieces of evidence support an active role of adipose tissue in the emergence of insulin resistance (an abnormal growth pattern and repartition, hypersensitivity to catecholamines, regulation of leptin and adiponectin secretion and modulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma). Among individuals born SGA, those who are more at risk of gaining excess adiposity are those who are thin at birth following a period of fetal growth restriction. This period of undernutrition is followed by a neonatal period of catch-up growth and renutrition. This pattern induces important modifications in adipose tissue, with long-term consequences, among which is a high risk of early development of insulin resistance. Not all individuals born SGA will show such modifications in adipose tissue, meaning that not all of those born SGA are at risk of insulin resistance and diabetes. From a broader point of view, several hypotheses have been proposed over the past 10 years to explain this unexpected association between being born SGA and the later development of disease. Each of them points to a detrimental fetal environment, to a genetic susceptibility or to interactions between these two components playing a critical role in this context. Although not confirmed, the hypothesis suggesting that this association could be the consequence of genetic/environmental interactions remains the most attractive.
Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: high dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate maternal medical and perinatal outcomes associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy. DESIGN: High dimensional propensity score (HDPS) matched cohort study. SETTING: Multiple linked population health administrative databases in the entire province of Ontario, Canada. PARTICIPANTS: Among women who delivered a singleton infant between 2003 and 2012, and who were eligible for provincially funded drug coverage, those with ≥ 2 consecutive prescriptions for an antipsychotic medication during pregnancy, at least one of which was filled in the first or second trimester, were selected. Of these antipsychotic drug users, 1021 were matched 1:1 with 1021 non-users by means of a HDPS algorithm. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The main maternal medical outcomes were gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and venous thromboembolism. The main perinatal outcomes were preterm birth (<37 weeks), and a birth weight <3rd or >97th centile. Conditional Poisson regression analysis was used to generate rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for additionally prescribed non-antipsychotic psychotropic medications. RESULTS: Compared with non-users, women prescribed an antipsychotic medication in pregnancy did not seem to be at higher risk of gestational diabetes (rate ratio 1.10 (95% CI 0.77 to 1.57)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (1.12 (0.70 to 1.78)), or venous thromboembolism (0.95 (0.40 to 2.27)). The preterm birth rate, though high among antipsychotic users (14.5%) and matched non-users (14.3%), was not relatively different (rate ratio 0.99 (0.78 to 1.26)). Neither birth weight <3rd centile or >97th centile was associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy (rate ratios 1.21 (0.81 to 1.82) and 1.26 (0.69 to 2.29) respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy had minimal evident impact on important maternal medical and short term perinatal outcomes. However, the rate of adverse outcomes is high enough to warrant careful assessment of maternal and fetal wellbeing among women prescribed an antipsychotic drug in pregnancy.
Birth defects in newborns and stillborns: an example of the Brazilian reality.; BACKGROUND: This study constitutes a clinical and genetic study of all newborn and stillborn infants with birth defects seen in a period of one year in a medical school hospital located in Brazil. The aims of this study were to estimate the incidence, causes and consequences of the defects. METHODS: For all infants we carried out physical assessment, photographic records, analysis of medical records and collection of additional information with the family, besides the karyotypic analysis or molecular tests in indicated cases. RESULT: The incidence of birth defects was 2.8%. Among them, the etiology was identified in 73.6% (ci95%: 64.4-81.6%). Etiology involving the participation of genetic factors single or associated with environmental factors) was more frequent 94.5%, ci95%: 88.5-98.0%) than those caused exclusively by environmental factors (alcohol in and gestational diabetes mellitus). The conclusive or presumed diagnosis was possible in 85% of the cases. Among them, the isolated congenital heart disease (9.5%) and Down syndrome (9.5%) were the most common, followed by gastroschisis (8.4%), neural tube defects (7.4%) and clubfoot (5.3%). Maternal age, parental consanguinity, exposure to teratogenic agents and family susceptibility were some of the identified risk factors. The most common observed consequences were prolonged hospital stays and death. CONCLUSIONS: The current incidence of birth defects among newborns and stillbirths of in our population is similar to those obtained by other studies performed in Brazil and in other underdeveloped countries. Birth defects are one of the major causes leading to lost years of potential life. The study of birth defects in underdeveloped countries should continue. The identification of incidence, risk factors and consequences are essential for planning preventive measures and effective treatments.
The association of urinary albumin excretion and metabolic complications in polycystic ovary syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: This study was planned to screen polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) women for albuminuria and to evaluate the association between urinary albumin excretion (UAE) and metabolic disturbances of PCOS. In addition, this is the first study in the literature evaluating the association between UAE and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in PCOS cases. STUDY DESIGN: The study population consisted of 65 PCOS women. The study was prospectively designed and performed in a university hospital. The diagnosis of PCOS was made according to the Rotterdam criteria: exclusion criteria were hyperprolactinemia, thyroid dysfunction, adrenal dysfunction, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and pregnancy. Blood samples were collected in the follicular phase of a menstrual cycle and serum samples were analyzed for fasting glucose, insulin, and hormone and lipid profiles. Twenty-four hour urine specimens were collected for the detection of UAE. CIMT was estimated by visual assessment of the distance between the lumen-intima and intima-adventitia interfaces. RESULTS: The mean age and BMI were 23 years and 23 kg/m(2), respectively. The median UAE was 7 mg/day (range: 0.3-154 mg/day). The median UAE as micrograms of albumin per milligram of creatinine (uACR) was 5.6 (0.28-159). Regarding the uACR cutoff value (>6.93 μg/mg), significantly higher levels of triglycerides, 17 OH-progesterone, insulin resistance (HOMA index > 2.1) and increased CIMT were present in these cases. Microalbuminuria (uACR > 25 μg/mg) was present in 6.2%. In the regression analyses serum HDL-C levels were found to be independent predictor for uACR > 2 μg/mg (OR: 0.85) and estradiol levels were the independent predicting factor for uACR > 6.93 μg/mg even after adjustments for age and BMI were performed (OR:1.02). CONCLUSIONS: UAE, expressed as uACR > 6.93 μg/mg, seems to be an associated sign of metabolic problems which might help in discriminating PCOS at risk of future CVD. Further studies are needed before routine use of albuminuria in PCOS cases for the detection of CVD risk.
Is there a relationship between restless legs syndrome and medical problems in pregnant women? A cross-sectional study in Iran.; This study aimed to assess the relationship between RLS and medical problems among pregnant women. In this study, 700 pregnant women were recruited. A socio-demographic questionnaire and the International Restless Legs Questionnaire were used to gather information. Data analyzed using an independent t test, Chi-square, and multivariate analysis. The prevalence of RLS was 28.9%. Women with hypertension were 1.90 times more probable to have RLS (adjusted OR 1.90, CI 1.14-3.19). Women with chronic hypertension and superimposed preeclampsia were 2.39 and 2.13 times more probable to experience RLS, respectively. Pre-eclamptic women were 1.87 times more probable to experience RLS. Women with diabetes, gestational diabetes and anemia have also been more likely to have RLS. Results of the present study show that there is a significant relationship between RLS and medical problems such as chronic hypertension, superimposed preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and anemia among pregnant women.
Associations Between Periodontal Disease and Systemic Disease: Evaluating the Strength of the Evidence.; Much work has been published on the association between periodontal disease and systemic disease, including original reports, narrative reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses. Based on the existent work, one can assign an evidence level and grade, using standard evidence-based criteria, to the data available in the four major categories of medical outcomes studied: cardiovascular/cerebrovascular, pregnancy, pulmonary, and diabetes. We discuss methodologic and conceptual problems in the study of oral-systemic associations, focusing as an example on the association between periodontal disease and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease. We argue that the hierarchical ranking of studies by levels of evidence may be misleading. In particular, while randomized controlled trials (RCTs) are needed to determine the efficacy of periodontal treatment to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events, they may be of limited value in determining the etiologic role of periodontal disease on coronary heart disease and stroke. We discuss limitations of RCTs as well as the limitations of currently available data from epidemiologic studies, including study design and confounding and misclassification errors. We conclude that well-designed observational studies into the associations between periodontal disease and systemic disease need to remain an integral component of future research efforts in order to fully understand such associations.
Association between H. pylori infection and health Outcomes: an umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses.; OBJECTIVE: Systematic reviews and meta-analyses have revealed the associations between H. pylori infection and various health outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the strength and breadth of evidence on the associations. DESIGN: Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses. SETTING: No settings. PARTICIPANTS: No patients involved. DATA SOURCES: Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library Databases, CNKI, VIP database and Wangfang database from inception to February 1, 2019. OUTCOMES MEASURES: Diverse diseases (such as cancer and ischaemic heart disease). RESULTS: Sixty articles reporting 88 unique outcomes met the eligible criteria. 74 unique outcomes had nominal significance (p<0.05). Of the outcomes with significance, 61 had harmful associations and 13 had beneficial associations. Furthermore, 73% (64) of the outcomes exhibited significant heterogeneity . Of the these meta-analyses, 32 had moderate to high heterogeneity (I(2)=50%-75%) and 24 had high heterogeneity (I(2)>75%). Moreover, 20% exhibited publication bias (p<0.1). In addition, 97% of the methodological qualities were rated 'critically low'. 36% of the evidence qualities of outcomes were rated 'low', 56% of the evidence qualities were rated 'very low' and 8% of the evidence qualities were rated 'moderate'. H. pylori infection may be associated with an increased risk of five diseases and a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome. CONCLUSION: Although 60 meta-analyses explored 88 unique outcomes, moderate quality evidence only existed for six outcomes with statistical significance. H. pylori infection may be associated with a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome and an increased risk of hypertriglyceridemia, chronic cholecystitis and cholelithiasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, gastric cancer and systemic sclerosis. TRIAL REGISTRATION: CRD42019124680.
Adherence to Treatment of Female Patients With Coronary Heart Disease After a Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.; BACKGROUND: Adherence to treatment is essential to prevent the progression of coronary heart disease (CHD), which is the most common cause of death among women. Coronary heart disease in women has special characteristics: the conventional risk factors are more harmful to women than men, accumulation of risk factors is common, and women have nontraditional risk factors such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In addition, worse outcomes, higher incidence of death, and complications after percutaneous coronary intervention have been reported more often among females than among male patients. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to test a model of adherence to treatment among female patients with CHD after a percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS: A cross-sectional, descriptive, and explanatory survey was conducted in 2013 with 416 patients with CHD, of which the 102 female patients were included in this substudy. Self-reported instruments were used to assess female patient adherence to treatment. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and a structural equation model. RESULTS: Motivation was the strongest predictor for female patients' perceived adherence to treatment. Informational support, physician support, perceived health, and physical activity were indirectly, but significantly, associated with perceived adherence to treatment via motivation. Furthermore, physical activity was positively associated with perceived health, whereas anxiety and depression were negatively associated with it. CONCLUSIONS: Secondary prevention programs and patient education have to take into account individual or unique differences. It is important to pay attention to issues that are known to contribute to motivation rather than to reply on education alone to improve adherence.
Rationale, design and methods of CTCA-PRORECAD (Computed Tomography Coronary Angiography Prognostic Registry for Coronary Artery Disease): a multicentre and multivendor registry.; PURPOSE: This study was done to assess the prognostic value of computed tomography coronary angiography (CTCA) in a large multicentre population of patients with suspected coronary artery disease (CAD) and, in particular, its incremental value compared with traditional methods for risk stratification. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a retrospective observational study that began in January 2003 conducted on patients with suspected CAD assessed with CTCA on the basis of symptoms (chest pain, dyspnoea) and/or abnormal or equivocal stress test and/or a high cardiovascular risk profile. The participating centres will provide data obtained with CTCA performed with 16-slice or higher equipment. Exclusion criteria are renal insufficiency, allergy to iodinated contrast material, pregnancy and previous myocardial infarction or revascularisation (percutaneous coronary intervention and/or coronary artery bypass graft). All patients are stratified by means of clinical assessment and/or data retrieved from a clinical database. Risk factors considered are hypertension, dyslipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, smoking, family history and obesity. Symptoms are classified as absent, typical chest pain, atypical chest pain and dyspnoea. Primary endpoints are death, major adverse cardiovascular events (cardiac death, unstable angina requiring hospitalisation, acute myocardial infarction) and shifting of cardiovascular risk category on the basis of coronary plaque burden. The secondary endpoint is coronary revascularisation. Telephone interviews and/or clinical databases are used for the follow-up. The study will be conducted on a population >1,000 patients. CONCLUSIONS: The information collected from the Prognostic Registry for Coronary Artery Disease (PRORECAD) will provide insight into the prognostic value of CTCA in addition to demographic and clinical features. The results will allow for better use and interpretation of CTCA for prognostic purposes.
[Periodontitis and systemic diseases: from science to clinical practice].; The evidence for an association between systemic diseases and periodontitis is strongest with diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular disease. There is a moderate association of periodontitis with adverse pregnancy outcomes and rheumatoid arthritis. Periodontal treatment has, on average, a positive effect on reducing systemic infection and improving the condition of the vascular system. For diabetes patients, periodontal treatment can also have a positive effect on metabolic regulation. There is insufficient evidence that periodontal treatment prevents adverse pregnancy outcomes and rheumatoid arthritis.
Associations between gestational weight gain and BMI, abdominal adiposity, and traditional measures of cardiometabolic risk in mothers 8 y postpartum.; BACKGROUND: Researchers have proposed biologically plausible mechanisms linking excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) to maternal metabolic and cardiovascular diseases later in life. OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine the extent to which GWG was associated with abdominal adiposity and other cardiometabolic risk factors in a sample of women 4-12 y after delivery. DESIGN: We used data from The Women's and Infants' Study of Healthy Hearts, a cohort of women who gave birth between 1997 and 2002 at Magee-Womens Hospital in Pittsburgh, PA. By design, women with small-for-gestational-age and preterm births were oversampled. Women with preeclampsia, prepregnancy hypertension, or diabetes were excluded. GWG was ascertained from prenatal records, and GWG adequacy was assessed according to 2009 Institute of Medicine/National Research Council guidelines. Abdominal obesity was defined as waist circumference (WC) >88 cm and weight change as current weight - prepregnancy weight. RESULTS: The prevalence of inadequate, adequate, and excessive GWG was 22% (107/478), 30% (145/478), and 47% (226/478), respectively. The analyses were adjusted for age at outcome assessment, prepregnancy BMI, marital status and insurance at delivery, race, smoking during target pregnancy, and current education, parity, and smoking. Associations between excessive GWG and blood pressure, lipids, glucose, insulin, and metabolic syndrome were null. However, women with excessive GWG had a 3.6-kg (1.5, 5.6) greater weight change, a 3.2-cm (1.2, 5.2) greater WC, and 3-fold greater odds of abdominal obesity (2.9; 1.6, 5.1) compared with women who gained weight as recommended. CONCLUSION: Excessive GWG is associated with long-term maternal abdominal adiposity, which may increase a woman's risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disease.
Cardiovascular Outcomes in Advanced Maternal Age Delivering Women. Clinical Review and Medico-Legal Issues.; Background and objecives: Adverse cardiovascular outcomes during pregnancy have increased over the past few decades, with increased numbers of women delivering later in their reproductive life. Other factors include higher rates of female obesity, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and assisted reproductive technology, which has extended fertility. Those at risk require extensive prenatal maternal screening, constant pregnancy supervising, monitoring during labor, delivery and puerperium and careful anesthetic evaluation during delivery. Materials and Methods: The present review reports the relevant information available on cardiovascular outcomes in advanced maternal age delivering women and related medico-legal issues. The search was performed on Pubmed, Cochrane, Semantic Scholar, Medline and Embase databases, accessed by Ovid, including among others the terms "cardiomyopathy", "ischaemic heart disease", "arrhythmias", "hypertension", "peripartum period", "diabetes", "advanced maternal age" "anesthesia", "maternal morbidity and mortality" and "litigation". Results: To the extent that underestimating risk factors for peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) can adversely impact maternal and fetal outcomes, the legal implications of misdiagnosis or mismanagement can result in high compensatory damages. Substantial indemnity payments drive up costs of insurance coverage. Conclusions: Multidisciplinary approaches are necessary from obstetricians, cardiologists, anesthesiologists and perinatologists for pregnancy monitoring and delivery outcomes.
Fetal programming and cardiovascular pathology.; Low birth weight serves as a crude proxy for impaired growth during fetal life and indicates a failure for the fetus to achieve its full growth potential. Low birth weight can occur in response to numerous etiologies that include complications during pregnancy, poor prenatal care, parental smoking, maternal alcohol consumption, or stress. Numerous epidemiological and experimental studies demonstrate that birth weight is inversely associated with blood pressure and coronary heart disease. Sex and age impact the developmental programming of hypertension. In addition, impaired growth during fetal life also programs enhanced vulnerability to a secondary insult. Macrosomia, which occurs in response to maternal obesity, diabetes, and excessive weight gain during gestation, is also associated with increased cardiovascular risk. Yet, the exact mechanisms that permanently change the structure, physiology, and endocrine health of an individual across their lifespan following altered growth during fetal life are not entirely clear. Transmission of increased risk from one generation to the next in the absence of an additional prenatal insult indicates an important role for epigenetic processes. Experimental studies also indicate that the sympathetic nervous system, the renin angiotensin system, increased production of oxidative stress, and increased endothelin play an important role in the developmental programming of blood pressure in later life. Thus, this review will highlight how adverse influences during fetal life and early development program an increased risk for cardiovascular disease including high blood pressure and provide an overview of the underlying mechanisms that contribute to the fetal origins of cardiovascular pathology.
Ischaemic heart disease in pregnancy.; Ischaemic heart disease (IHD) in pregnancy, particularly myocardial infarction (MI), is a rare yet potentially fatal condition for the mother and the foetus. With delays in the age of conception, the changes in some social habits among females including cigarette and shisha smoking in addition to an increased prevalence of diabetes mellitus, IHD may represent a real hazard among pregnant women in the near future. The difficulty in the diagnosis emerges from the similarity of the signs and symptoms of ischaemia and infarct to some of the physiological adaptations that occur in a normal pregnancy. The physiological changes that are normal in pregnancy may aggravate pre-existing disease and may unmask some underlying unrecognized coronary vascular changes; therefore, the diagnosis requires a high index of suspicion and careful assessment of the underlying risk factors. The management of IHD always requires a multidisciplinary team approach. The management of each patient should be individualized according to the clinical condition, the risk factors, and the availability of the necessary support. Pregnancy after MI may be an acceptable and reasonably safe option provided the cited criteria are met. A systematic PubMed search was performed to identify all published data including cases reports, small series and systematic reviews in the existing literature. These publications were comprised of both retrospective and cross sectional population studies to maximize the number of cases considered in order to reach conclusions and make recommendations based on the best available evidence considering the rare occurrence of this event. The epidemiology, diagnosis, medical and surgical treatment, and prognosis of IHD in pregnancy are the subjects of the present review.
Poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction correlate with increased circulating fetal microchimerism in diabetic pregnancies.; Fetal microchimerism (FMc) arises during pregnancy as fetal cells enter maternal circulation and remain decades postpartum. Circulating FMc is increased in preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and as we recently showed, is associated with biomarkers of placental dysfunction in normotensive term pregnancies. Diabetes mellitus (DM) also correlates with placental dysfunction. We hypothesize that poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction are associated with increased circulating FMc in diabetic pregnancies. We included 122 pregnancies preceding active labor (pregestational DM, n = 77, gestational DM (GDM), n = 45) between 2001 and 2017. Maternal and fetal samples were genotyped for various human leukocyte antigen (HLA) loci, and other polymorphisms to identify fetus-specific alleles. We used validated polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assays to quantify FMc in maternal peripheral blood buffy coat. Negative binomial regression with adjustment for confounders was used to assess FMc quantity. In pregestational DM, increased circulating FMc correlated with elevation of HbA1c (≥ 6.0 %) (detection rate ratio (DRR) = 4.9, p = 0.010) and a 1000 pg/mL rise in the anti-angiogenic biomarker soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1) (DRR = 1.1, p = 0.011). In GDM, increased FMc correlated with elevated 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test results (DRR = 2.3, p = 0.046) and birthweight < 10th or > 90th percentile (DRR = 4.2, p = 0.049). These findings support our novel hypothesis that FMc correlates with poor glucose control and various aspects of placental dysfunction in DM. Whether increased FMc in pregnancies with poor glucose control and placental dysfunction contributes to the risk of preeclampsia in diabetic pregnancies and to the increased risk of chronic cardiovascular disease later in life remains to be investigated.
Novel Biochemical Markers of Glycemia to Predict Pregnancy Outcomes in Women With Type 1 Diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: The optimal method of monitoring glycemia in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes remains controversial. This study aimed to assess the predictive performance of HbA(1c), continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) metrics, and alternative biochemical markers of glycemia to predict obstetric and neonatal outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: One hundred fifty-seven women from the Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Women With Type 1 Diabetes in Pregnancy Trial (CONCEPTT) were included in this prespecified secondary analysis. HbA(1c), CGM data, and alternative biochemical markers (glycated CD59, 1,5-anhydroglucitol, fructosamine, glycated albumin) were compared at ∼12, 24, and 34 weeks' gestation using logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves to predict pregnancy complications (preeclampsia, preterm delivery, large for gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to neonatal intensive care unit). RESULTS: HbA(1c), CGM metrics, and alternative laboratory markers were all significantly associated with obstetric and neonatal outcomes at 24 weeks' gestation. More outcomes were associated with CGM metrics during the first trimester and with laboratory markers (area under the ROC curve generally <0.7) during the third trimester. Time in range (TIR) (63-140 mg/dL [3.5-7.8 mmol/L]) and time above range (TAR) (>140 mg/dL [>7.8 mmol/L]) were the most consistently predictive CGM metrics. HbA(1c) was also a consistent predictor of suboptimal pregnancy outcomes. Some alternative laboratory markers showed promise, but overall, they had lower predictive ability than HbA(1c). CONCLUSIONS: HbA(1c) is still an important biomarker for obstetric and neonatal outcomes in type 1 diabetes pregnancy. Alternative biochemical markers of glycemia and other CGM metrics did not substantially increase the prediction of pregnancy outcomes compared with widely available HbA(1c) and increasingly available CGM metrics (TIR and TAR).
Oral Hormonal Contraceptives and Cardiovascular Risks in Females.; Oral hormonal contraception (OHC) is a widely employed method in females for the prevention of unintended pregnancies, as well as for the treatment of menstrual disorders, endometriosis, and polycystic ovarian syndrome. However, it is believed that with OHCs use, some females may have higher risk of cardiovascular diseases, such as hypertension, diabetes, myocardial infarction, thrombosis, and heart failure. Although such risks are infrequently detected in healthy young females with the use of oral contraceptives, slightly elevated risks of cardiovascular diseases have been observed among reproductive-aged healthy females. However, prolonged use of OHC has also been claimed to have protective cardiac effects and may contribute to reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. In fact, the debate on whether OHC administration increases the risk of cardiovascular diseases has been ongoing with inconsistent and controversial viewpoints. Nevertheless, a great deal of work has been carried out to understand the relationship between OHC use and the occurrence of cardiovascular risk in females who use OHC for preventing the unwanted pregnancy or treatment of other disorders. Therefore, in this review we summarize the most recent available evidence regarding the association between the use of oral hormonal contraceptives and the risk for cardiovascular disease in females who are using OHC to prevent unintended pregnancy.
Reach and Use of Diabetes Prevention Services in the United States, 2016-2017.; IMPORTANCE: Coordinated efforts by national organizations in the United States to implement evidence-based lifestyle modification programs are under way to reduce type 2 diabetes (hereinafter referred to as diabetes) and cardiovascular risks. OBJECTIVE: To provide a status report on the reach and use of diabetes prevention services nationally. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This nationally representative, population-based cross-sectional analysis of 2016 and 2017 National Health Interview Survey data was conducted from August 3, 2017, through November 15, 2018. Nonpregnant, noninstitutionalized, civilian respondents 18 years or older at high risk for diabetes, defined as those with no self-reported diabetes diagnosis but with diagnosed prediabetes or an elevated American Diabetes Association (ADA) risk score (>5), were included in the analysis. Analyses were conducted for adults with (and in sensitivity analyses, for those without) elevated body mass index. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Absolute numbers and proportions of adults at high risk with elevated body mass index receiving advice about diet, physical activity guidance, referral to weight loss programs, referral to diabetes prevention programs, or any of these, and those affirming engagement in each (or any) activity in the past year were estimated. To identify where gaps exist, a prevention continuum diagram plotted existing vs desired goal achievement. Variation in risk-reducing activities by age, sex, race/ethnicity, educational attainment, insurance status, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, or body mass index was also examined. RESULTS: This analysis included 50 912 respondents (representing 223.0 million adults nationally) 18 years or older (mean [SE] age, 46.1 [0.2] years; 48.1% [0.3%] male) with complete data and no self-reported diabetes diagnosis by their health care professional. Of the represented population, 36.0% (80.0 million) had either a physician diagnosis of prediabetes (17.9 million), an elevated ADA risk score (73.3 million), or both (11.3 million). Among those with diagnosed prediabetes, 73.5% (95% CI, 71.6%-75.3%) reported receiving advice and/or referrals for diabetes risk reduction from their health care professional, and, of those, 35.0% (95% CI, 30.5%-39.8%) to 75.8% (95% CI, 73.2%-78.3%) reported engaging in the respective activity or program in the past year. Half of adults with elevated ADA risk scores but no diagnosed prediabetes (50.6%; 95% CI, 49.5%-51.8%) reported receiving risk-reduction advice and/or referral, of whom 33.5% (95% CI, 30.1%-37.0%) to 75.2% (95% CI, 73.4%-76.9%) reported engaging in activities and/or programs. Participation in diabetes prevention programs was exceedingly low. Advice from a health care professional, age range from 45 to 64 years, higher educational attainment, health insurance status, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and obesity were associated with higher engagement in risk-reducing activities and/or programs. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among adults at high risk for diabetes, major gaps in receiving advice and/or referrals and engaging in diabetes risk-reduction activities and/or programs were noted. These results suggest that risk perception, health care professional referral and communication, and insurance coverage may be key levers to increase risk-reducing behaviors in US adults. These findings provide a benchmark from which to monitor future program availability and coverage, identification of prediabetes, and referral to and retention in programs.
A comparison of criteria for defining metabolic acidemia in live-born neonates and its effect on predicting serious adverse neonatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic acidemia is a known risk factor for serious adverse neonatal outcomes in both preterm and term infants. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate the clinical significance of delivery umbilical cord gas measurements with regard to serious adverse neonatal outcomes, and to determine if distinct thresholds for defining metabolic acidemia differ in their ability to predict such adverse neonatal complications. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study of singleton live-born deliveries between January 2011 and December 2019. Stratification according to gestational age at birth (≥35 and <35 weeks of gestation) was performed, and comparisons of maternal characteristics, obstetrical complications, intrapartum events, and adverse neonatal outcomes were made between neonates with metabolic acidemia and those without. Metabolic acidemia (based on delivery umbilical cord gas analyses) was defined using both American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development criteria. The primary outcome of interest was hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy requiring whole-body hypothermia. RESULTS: A total of 91,694 neonates born at ≥35 weeks of gestation met the inclusion criteria. By American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria, 2659 (2.9%) infants had metabolic acidemia. Neonates with metabolic acidemia were at markedly increased risk for neonatal intensive care unit admission, seizures, need for respiratory support, sepsis, and neonatal death. Metabolic acidemia by American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria was associated with an almost 100-fold increased risk of hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy requiring whole-body hypothermia (relative risk, 92.69; 95% confidence interval, 64.42-133.35) in neonates born at ≥35 weeks of gestation. Diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, postterm deliveries, prolonged second stages, chorioamnionitis, operative vaginal deliveries, placental abruption and cesarean deliveries were associated with metabolic acidemia in neonates born ≥ 35 weeks of gestation. The highest relative risk was in those diagnosed with placental abruption (relative risk, 9.07; 95% confidence interval, 7.25-11.36). The neonatal cohort born <35 weeks of gestation had similar findings. When comparing those infants born ≥ 35 weeks of gestation with metabolic acidemia by American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria vs Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development criteria, the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development criteria identified more neonates at risk for serious adverse neonatal outcomes. In particular, 4.9% more neonates were diagnosed with metabolic acidemia, and 16 more term neonates were identified as requiring whole-body hypothermia. Mean 1-minute and 5-minute Apgar scores were similar and reassuring among neonates born at ≥35 weeks of gestation with and without metabolic acidemia as defined by both American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development criteria (8 vs 8 and 9 vs 9, respectively; P<.001). Sensitivity and specificity were 86.7% and 92.2%, respectively, with the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development criteria, and 74.2% and 97.2% with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria. CONCLUSION: Infants with metabolic acidemia identified on cord gas collection at delivery are at considerably greater risk of serious adverse neonatal outcomes, including an almost 100-fold increased risk of hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy requiring whole-body hypothermia. Use of the more sensitive Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development criteria for defining metabolic acidemia identifies more neonates born at ≥35 weeks of gestation at risk for adverse neonatal outcomes, including hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy requiring whole-body hypothermia.
Risk factors in patients with hereditary gallstones in Chinese pedigrees.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to define the risk factors and to evaluate the impact of family background on the prevalence of gallstones in China. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Thirty-eight gallstone pedigrees were collected and a case-control study was conducted. This study consisted of 272 first-degree relatives and 201 non-first-degree relatives of index patients. The participants completed a questionnaire and underwent physical and ultrasonographic examinations. The risk factors examined included age, sex, body mass index (BMI), smoking status, alcohol consumption, pregnancy, fat content in dietary meat, history of gastrointestinal surgery, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, fatty liver, coronary heart disease and diabetes. RESULTS: The prevalence of gallstones in first-degree and non-first-degree relatives of index patients was 38.2 and 10.9%, respectively. Age, pregnancy and BMI significantly differed between cases and controls (p < 0.05). The relative risks were: consumption of meat with a high fat content 1.4 (95% CI 1.1-1.8); hyperlipidemia 2.4 (95% CI 1.3-4.6); diabetes 1.9 (95% CI 1.1-3.2); fatty liver 4.9 (95% CI 1.0-24); coronary heart disease 2.5 (95% CI 1.7-3.9). CONCLUSION: Data showed that age, overweight, more consumption of high-fat food, high frequency of pregnancy, fatty liver, hyperlipidemia, coronary heart disease and diabetes could increase the risk of gallstones in the first-degree relatives of index patients.
Recurrent antepartum compression of a single artery double nuchal cord necessitating emergency cesarean delivery.; Fetuses with a single umbilical artery are considered at increased risk for chromosomal and structural abnormalities, and increased adverse perinatal outcome. A young nulliparous patient was followed with weekly nonstress testing due to well-controlled gestational diabetes, a single umbilical artery, and a double nuchal cord. At 31 weeks gestation, following the occurrence of a severe prolonged variable deceleration of the fetal heart rate the patient was hospitalized for close fetal surveillance with consideration that the deceleration may represent recurring intermittent compression of the single umbilical artery. Continuous fetal monitoring depicted recurrent severe variable decelerations of the fetal heart rate. Thirty-six hours after admission, prolonged fetal bradycardia to 60 bpm necessitated emergency cesarean delivery of a nonhypoxic nonacidotic fetus, which subsequently did well. This case suggests that fetuses with a single umbilical artery nuchal cord(s) may be at increased risk of significant umbilical cord compression.
Corticosteroid therapy for prevention of respiratory distress syndrome in severe preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to determine the efficacy and side effects of corticosteroid therapy for pregnant women with severe preeclampsia in the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome in their premature neonates. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective double-blind randomized trial enrolled 218 pregnant women with severe preeclampsia and gestational age between 26 and 34 weeks. One hundred ten received betamethasone (12 mg administered intramuscularly, repeated after 24 hours and then once a week) and 108 received placebo. Relative risks and 95% confidence intervals of respiratory distress syndrome and other neonatal and maternal complications were calculated for corticosteroid use. RESULTS: Frequency of respiratory distress syndrome was significantly reduced in the corticosteroid group (23%) with respect to the placebo group (43%), with a relative risk of 0.53 (95% confidence interval 0.35-0. 82). Relative risks of intraventricular hemorrhage, patent ductus arteriosus, and perinatal infection were significantly decreased in the corticosteroid group: 0.35 (95% confidence interval 0.15-0.86), 0.27 (95% confidence interval 0.08-0.95), and 0.39 (95% confidence interval 0.39-0.97), respectively. There was no significant difference in the frequency of stillbirth, but the neonatal mortality rate was lower in the corticosteroid group (14%) than in the placebo group (28%), with a relative risk of 0.5 (95% confidence interval 0.28-0.89). There was increased risk of gestational diabetes but of no other maternal complication after corticosteroid therapy, and mean blood pressures were similar in the 2 groups. CONCLUSIONS: Antenatal corticosteroid therapy with betamethasone for acceleration of fetal lung maturity is a safe and efficient treatment in patients with severe preeclampsia at between 26 and 34 weeks' gestation.
Culture clash: a missed opportunity.; Erasto is a term infant born by vaginal delivery to a gravida 7 para 7 Somalia woman with full prenatal care in the United States. His mother had gestational diabetes. The delivery was complicated by respiratory distress and an urgent admission to the neonatal intensive care unit for further evaluation for possible pulmonary disease and a congenital heart condition. A female pediatric intern was assigned to update Erasto's mother on the baby's status and to obtain consent for an intravascular line placement. When she entered the room to talk to the mother, multiple family members spanning at 3 generations were with the baby's mother. They were all women with the exception of Erasto's father who was apprised of the baby's clinical status by the male neonatal physician several minutes earlier. Through a telephone translator, the intern explained to Erasto's mother that her baby may have heart and lung problems that may be related to her gestational diabetes. At this point, many family members spoke simultaneously and excitedly. Some accused the intern of keeping the baby in the neonatal intensive care unit "to make more money," and others said they would sue her "if anything happened to Erasto." The mother denied that she had gestational diabetes, and claimed that because she "believed in God...nothing is wrong with my baby." The intern was not prepared for this response and asked herself, "What went wrong?"
[Follow up of adults with congenital heart disease].; During the last decades, the care of children with congenital heart disease has markedly improved. In consequence, the number of those who reach adulthood is continuously growing. In 2010, the European Society of Cardiology published guidelines for the management of grown-up congenital heart disease (GUCH) and recommended that each GUCH patient should be examined at least once in a specialized center. Due to their specific needs, this population requires specific and organized care. Indeed, GUCH patients do not only have significant extra-cardiac problems, but also present specific cardiac complications such as right ventricular failure, incisionnal arrhythmias. They may require repeated surgical and/ or percutaneous interventions. Since this emerging population is ageing, they also may suffer from arterial hypertension, diabetes and coronary artery disease. Last but not least, young women with congenital heart disease need specialized advice and care for contraception, follow-up during pregnancy and peripartal management. In order to optimize the follow-up of this growing population, a shared care model where cardiologists, specialized GUCH centers and other specialized centers for the treatment of extra-cardiac problems work in tight collaboration is recommended.
Prenatal metformin exposure in mice programs the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during a high fat diet at adulthood.; AIMS: The antidiabetic drug metformin is currently used prior and during pregnancy for polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as during gestational diabetes mellitus. We investigated the effects of prenatal metformin exposure on the metabolic phenotype of the offspring during adulthood in mice. METHODS: Metformin (300 mg/kg) or vehicle was administered orally to dams on regular diet from the embryonic day E0.5 to E17.5. Gene expression profiles in liver and brain were analysed from 4-day old offspring by microarray. Body weight development and several metabolic parameters of offspring were monitored both during regular diet (RD-phase) and high fat diet (HFD-phase). At the end of the study, two doses of metformin or vehicle were given acutely to mice at the age of 20 weeks, and Insig-1 and GLUT4 mRNA expressions in liver and fat tissue were analysed using qRT-PCR. RESULTS: Metformin exposed fetuses were lighter at E18.5. There was no effect of metformin on the maternal body weight development or food intake. Metformin exposed offspring gained more body weight and mesenteric fat during the HFD-phase. The male offspring also had impaired glucose tolerance and elevated fasting glucose during the HFD-phase. Moreover, the expression of GLUT4 mRNA was down-regulated in epididymal fat in male offspring prenatally exposed to metformin. Based on the microarray and subsequent qRT-PCR analyses, the expression of Insig-1 was changed in the liver of neonatal mice exposed to metformin prenatally. Furthermore, metformin up-regulated the expression of Insig-1 later in development. Gene set enrichment analysis based on preliminary microarray data identified several differentially enriched pathways both in control and metformin exposed mice. CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that prenatal metformin exposure causes long-term programming effects on the metabolic phenotype during high fat diet in mice. This should be taken into consideration when using metformin as a therapeutic agent during pregnancy.
Trends in maternal and newborn health characteristics and obstetric interventions among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander mothers in Western Australia from 1986 to 2009.; BACKGROUND: Detailed analyses of long-term trends in Aboriginal maternal and newborn health characteristics are lacking. AIM: To examine trends in maternal and newborn health characteristics for all mothers who were recorded as Aboriginal in the Western Australian Midwives' Notification System from 1986 to 2009. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Births were categorised into four-year time intervals (1986-1989, 1990-1993, 1994-1997, 1998-2001, 2002-2005, 2006-2009). Trends in maternal demographic characteristics, pre-existing medical conditions, pregnancy complications and neonatal characteristics were examined. RESULTS: For 37 424 births recorded from 1986 to 2009, the proportion of births to mothers aged ≤19 years decreased (31-22%, P < 0.001) along with the prevalence of pre-eclampsia (6.8-4.0%, P < 0.001) and antepartum haemorrhage (4.8-3.2%, P < 0.001). There were increases in the prevalence of diabetes in pregnancy (3.8-6.6%, P < 0.001), induction of labour (17.8-21.4%, P < 0.001), elective caesarean (6.6-8.2%, P < 0.001) and emergency caesarean (9.5-14.9%, P < 0.001) deliveries. There were no changes in the overall prevalence of preterm births (15.4-15.9%, P = 0.32). However, increases were observed in the prevalence of medically indicated preterm births with and without prelabour rupture of membranes (1.0-1.7%; P < 0.001 and 3.3-4.3%; P = 0.005, respectively). There were no significant changes in the rates of smoking during pregnancy (51-52% from 1998 to 2009, P = 0.18), small-for-gestational age (16.9-17.2%, P = 0.07), suboptimal-birthweight (20.4-20.1%, P = 0.92), stillbirths (14.7 per 1000-12.1 per 1000, P = 0.22) and neonatal deaths (6.2 per 1000-5.5 per 1000, P = 0.68). CONCLUSION: Encouraging trends include reduced rates of teenage pregnancy, pre-eclampsia and antepartum haemorrhage. The persistent high rates of smoking during pregnancy, preterm births, stillbirths, neonatal deaths and increasing rates of diabetes in pregnancy are of concern.
Cardiovascular biology of the asymmetric dimethylarginine:dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase pathway.; An increasing number of reports indicate that endogenously produced inhibitors of nitric oxide synthase, particularly asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), regulate nitric oxide generation in disease states. This article describes the biology of ADMA and the implications for cardiovascular physiology and pathophysiology.
Hungry in the womb: what are the consequences? Lessons from the Dutch famine.; An increasing body of evidence suggests that poor nutrition at the very beginning of life - even before birth - leads to large and long term negative consequences for both mental and physical health. This paper reviews the evidence from studies on the Dutch famine, which investigated the effects of prenatal undernutrition on later health. The effects of famine appeared to depend on its timing during gestation, and the organs and tissues undergoing critical periods of development at that time. Early gestation appeared to be the most vulnerable period. People who were conceived during the famine were at increased risk of schizophrenia and depression, they had a more atherogenic plasma lipid profile, were more responsive to stress and had a doubled rate of coronary heart disease. Also, they performed worse on cognitive tasks which may be a sign of accelerated ageing. People exposed during any period of gestation had more type 2 diabetes. Future investigation will expand on the finding that the effects of prenatal famine exposure may reach down across generations, possibly through epigenetic mechanisms. Recent evidence suggests that similar effects of prenatal undernutrition are found in Africa, where many are undernourished. Hunger is a major problem worldwide with one in seven inhabitants of this planet suffering from lack of food. Adequately feeding women before and during pregnancy may be a promising strategy in preventing chronic diseases worldwide.
Serum Neuron-Specific Enolase as a Biomarker of Neonatal Brain Injury-New Perspectives for the Identification of Preterm Neonates at High Risk for Severe Intraventricular Hemorrhage.; Neonatal brain injury (NBI) is a critical condition for preterm neonates with potential long-term adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. This prospective longitudinal case-control study aimed at investigating the levels and prognostic value of serum neuron-specific enolase (NSE) during the first 3 days of life in preterm neonates (<34 weeks) that later developed brain injury in the form of either periventricular leukomalacia (PVL) or intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) during their hospitalization. Participants were recruited from one neonatal intensive care unit, and on the basis of birth weight and gestational age, we matched each case (n = 29) with a neonate who had a normal head ultrasound scan (n = 29). We report that serum NSE levels during the first three days of life do not differ significantly between control and preterm neonates with NBI. Nevertheless, subgroup analysis revealed that neonates with IVH had significantly higher concentrations of serum NSE in comparison to controls and neonates with PVL on the third day of life (p = 0.014 and p = 0.033, respectively). The same pattern on the levels of NSE on the third day of life was also observed between (a) neonates with IVH and all other neonates (PVL and control; p = 0.003), (b) neonates with II-IV degree IVH and all other neonates (p = 0.003), and (c) between control and the five (n = 5) neonates that died from the case group (p = 0.023). We conclude that NSE could be an effective and useful biomarker on the third day of life for the identification of preterm neonates at high risk of developing severe forms of IVH.
Markers of insulin resistance in Polycystic ovary syndrome women: An update.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrine disorders, affecting 5%-10% of women of reproductive age. The importance of this syndrome lies in the magnitude of associated comorbidities: infertility, metabolic dysfunction, cardiovascular disease (CVD), plus psychological and oncological complications. Insulin resistance (IR) is a prominent feature of PCOS with a prevalence of 35%-80%. Without adequate management, IR with compensatory hyperinsulinemia contributes directly to reproductive dysfunction in women with PCOS. Furthermore, epidemiological data shows compelling evidence that PCOS is associated with an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. In addition, metabolic dysfunction leads to a risk for CVD that increases with aging in women with PCOS. Indeed, the severity of IR in women with PCOS is associated with the amount of abdominal obesity, even in lean women with PCOS. Given these drastic implications, it is important to diagnose and treat insulin resistance as early as possible. Many markers have been proposed. However, quantitative assessment of IR in clinical practice remains a major challenge. The gold standard method for assessing insulin sensitivity is the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic glucose clamp. However, it is not used routinely because of the complexity of its procedure. Consequently, there has been an urgent need for surrogate markers of IR that are more applicable in large population-based epidemiological investigations. Despite this, many of them are either difficult to apply in routine clinical practice or useless for women with PCOS. Considering this difficulty, there is still a need for an accurate marker for easy, early detection and assessment of IR in women with PCOS. This review highlights markers of IR already used in women with PCOS, including new markers recently reported in literature, and it establishes a new classification for these markers.
Contraceptive options for women in selected circumstances.; Young women under the age of 16 years require special consideration when requesting contraception. Such young women can give voluntary consent, which enables prescription and supply providing that the practitioner has determined that the minor is sufficiently mature to understand the details of the method and its use. All reversible methods may be appropriate but it is necessary to provide information in a form that is fully understood. For women with pre-existing medical conditions including obesity, the benefits and risks of the use of individual methods needs to be weighed against the risks of pregnancy for that woman.
Central nervous system biometry in fetuses with and without congenital heart diseases.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the fetal brain structures assessed in routine sonographic scans during the second and third trimesters in fetuses with and without congenital heart disease (CHD). METHODS: This is a retrospective cross-sectional single-center study. We measured the head circumference (HC), the transversal diameter of the cerebellum (TCD) and the sizes of the cisterna magna (CM), the cavum septi pellucidi (CSP) and the posterior ventricles (PV) between 20 and 41 weeks of gestation. We compared 160 fetuses with CHD (case group) to 160 fetuses of normal pregnancies (control group). Every patient was matched with a control, considering the gestational age at which the ultrasound was performed. We divided the CHD group into 3 subgroups: retrograde flow in the aortic arch (group 1), right heart anomaly with the antegrade flow in the aortic arch (group 2) and other CHDs with the antegrade flow in the aortic arch (group 3). RESULTS: The mean width of the PV was larger in fetuses of groups 1 and 3 in comparison to the control group (P < 0.001, P = 0.022; respectively). We found that the APGAR score at 5 min (P < 0.001, P < 0.001; respectively) and gestational age at delivery (P = 0.006, P = 0.001; respectively) were inferior in groups 1 and 3 compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Central nervous system biometry is altered in fetuses with CHD. PV is enlarged in CHD fetuses especially with decreased oxygen levels in the aortic arch.
Is There a Relationship between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Future Development of Atherosclerosis?; Cardiovascular disease is one of the main death causes globally. Effective cardiovascular risk management requires a thorough understanding of the mechanisms underlying the disorder. Establishing early markers of the disease allows a timely intervention and prevention of further atherosclerosis development. Multiple studies confirm the correlation between pregnancy disorders and cardiovascular disease in the postpartum period. Moreover, over 30% of women experience adverse pregnancy outcomes. Thus, the examination of the links between these conditions and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease may help to identify gender-specific risk factors. In this review, we will explore the association between several adverse pregnancy outcome conditions and atherosclerosis. The current analysis is based on the data from several recent studies on the mechanisms behind gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, miscarriages, and stillbirths and their implications for the female cardiovascular system.
Diagnostic accuracy of direct ophthalmoscopy for detection of diabetic retinopathy using fundus photographs as a reference standard.; AIMS: To determine the diagnostic accuracy of direct ophthalmoscopy for the presence and severity of diabetic retinopathy (DR) using fundus photographs as a reference standard. METHODS: Patients with type 2 diabetes attending the outpatient department (OPD) of a tertiary care diabetes center, from October 2009 to March 2010 were recruited in the study after obtaining signed informed consent. Patients with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes or having eye problems were excluded. After checking visual acuity, direct ophthalmoscopy of each eye was done by diabetologist, followed by photography of two fields of retina by fundus camera. DR was graded by a retinal specialist, according to International Diabetic Retinopathy Disease Severity Scale. According to severity, patients with DR were grouped into non-sight threatening diabetic retinopathy (NSTDR) and sight threatening diabetic retinopathy (STDR). Sensitivity and specificity of direct ophthalmoscopy for detection of any retinopathy, NSTDR and STDR was calculated. RESULTS: A total of 728 eyes were examined by direct ophthalmoscopy as well as fundus photography. Sensitivity (95% CI) of direct ophthalmoscopy for any retinopathy, NSTDR and STDR was found to be 55.67% (50.58-60.78), 37.63% (32.67-42.59) and 68.25% (63.48-73.02) respectively. Whereas, specificity of direct ophthalmoscopy was found to be 76.78% (72.45-81.11), 71.27% (CI: 66.63-75.91) and 90.0% (86.93-93.07) for any retinopathy, NSTDR and STDR respectively. CONCLUSION: The sensitivity and specificity of direct ophthalmoscopy performed by the diabetologist for the presence and severity of DR was lower compared to the recommended level of sensitivity and specificity of a screening test of DR.
Myo-Inositol, Probiotics, and Micronutrient Supplementation From Preconception for Glycemia in Pregnancy: NiPPeR International Multicenter Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Better preconception metabolic and nutritional health are hypothesized to promote gestational normoglycemia and reduce preterm birth, but evidence supporting improved outcomes with nutritional supplementation starting preconception is limited. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This double-blind randomized controlled trial recruited from the community 1,729 U.K., Singapore, and New Zealand women aged 18-38 years planning conception. We investigated whether a nutritional formulation containing myo-inositol, probiotics, and multiple micronutrients (intervention), compared with a standard micronutrient supplement (control), taken preconception and throughout pregnancy could improve pregnancy outcomes. The primary outcome was combined fasting, 1-h, and 2-h postload glycemia (28 weeks gestation oral glucose tolerance test). RESULTS: Between 2015 and 2017, participants were randomized to control (n = 859) or intervention (n = 870); 585 conceived within 1 year and completed the primary outcome (295 intervention, 290 control). In an intention-to-treat analysis adjusting for site, ethnicity, and preconception glycemia with prespecified P < 0.017 for multiplicity, there were no differences in gestational fasting, 1-h, and 2-h glycemia between groups (β [95% CI] log(e) mmol/L intervention vs. control -0.004 [-0.018 to 0.011], 0.025 [-0.014 to 0.064], 0.040 [0.004-0.077], respectively). Between the intervention and control groups there were no significant differences in gestational diabetes mellitus (24.8% vs. 22.6%, adjusted risk ratio [aRR] 1.22 [0.92-1.62]), birth weight (adjusted β = 0.05 kg [-0.03 to 0.13]), or gestational age at birth (mean 39.3 vs. 39.2 weeks, adjusted β = 0.20 [-0.06 to 0.46]), but there were fewer preterm births (5.8% vs. 9.2%, aRR 0.43 [0.22-0.82]), adjusting for prespecified covariates. CONCLUSIONS: Supplementation with myo-inositol, probiotics, and micronutrients preconception and in pregnancy did not lower gestational glycemia but did reduce preterm birth.
Thin endometrium is associated with the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in fresh IVF/ICSI embryo transfer cycles: a retrospective cohort study of 9,266 singleton births.; BACKGROUND: Thin endometrial thickness (EMT) has been suggested to be associated with reduced incidence of pregnancy rate after in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) treatment, but the effect of thin endometrium on obstetric outcome is less investigated. This study aims to determine whether EMT affects the incidence of obstetric complications in fresh IVF/ICSI-embryo transfer (ET) cycles. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study collecting a total of 9266 women who had singleton livebirths after fresh IVF/ICSI-ET treatment cycles at the Center for Reproductive Medicine Affiliated to Shandong University between January 2014 and December 2018. The women were divided into three groups according to the EMT: 544 women with an EMT ≤8 mm, 6234 with an EMT > 8-12 mm, and 2488 with an EMT > 12 mm. The primary outcomes were the incidence of obstetric complications including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placental abruption, placenta previa, postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) and cesarean section. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to calculate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for associations between the EMT measured on the day of human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) trigger and the risk of the outcomes of interest. RESULTS: The HDP incidence rate of pregnant women was highest in EMT ≤ 8 mm group and significantly higher than those in EMT from > 8-12 mm and EMT > 12 mm group, respectively (6.8% versus 3.6 and 3.5%, respectively; P = 0.001). After adjustment for confounding variables by multivariate logistic regression analysis, a thin EMT was still statistically significant associated with an increased risk of HDP. Compared with women with an EMT > 8-12 mm, women with an EMT ≤8 mm had an increased risk of HDP (aOR = 1.853, 95% CI 1.281-2.679, P = 0.001). CONCLUSION: A thin endometrium (≤8 mm) was found to be associated with an increased risk of HDP after adjustment for confounding variables, indicating that the thin endometrium itself is a risk factor for HDP. Obstetricians should remain aware of the possibility of HDP when women with a thin EMT achieve pregnancy through fresh IVF/ICSI-ET treatment cycles.
Racial Differences in Nontraditional Risk Factors Associated with Cardiovascular Conditions in Pregnancy Among U.S. Women Veterans.; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) conditions are important predictors of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Nontraditional factors, such as depression and chronic stress, have been associated with CVD, but their role in pregnancy-related CVD conditions (pCVD) remains unknown. To determine the association between nontraditional factors and CV conditions in pregnancy, and to explore if this risk varies by race. Methods: Using data from a prospective study of pregnant women within the veterans affairs health system (COMFORT study), we described the prevalence of nontraditional factors (e.g., depression, post-traumatic stress disorder [PTSD], chronic stress) and used logistic regression to determine the association between nontraditional factors and pregnancy-related CV conditions (pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestation diabetes, or preterm delivery). Analyses were then stratified by race. Results: Among 706 enrollees, 26% had pregnancy-related CV conditions. These women had significantly higher rates of depression (62% vs. 45%, p < 0.01), anxiety (50% vs. 37%, p = 0.01), PTSD (44% vs. 29%, p < 0.01), and high stress levels before pregnancy (22% vs. 16%, p = 0.05) compared with women with normal pregnancies. Overall, these factors were not associated with increased adjusted odds of pCVD. Overall, Black women had disproportionately higher rates of prepregnancy hypertension compared with White women (22% vs. 6%, p < 0.01). Conclusions: Women Veterans with pCVD are a high-risk group for future CVD, with disproportionately high rates of depression, anxiety, PTSD, and chronic stress. Racial disparities exist in pregnancy-related CV risk factors, which may further compound existing racial disparities in CVD among women Veterans.
Prenatal cocaine exposure and its influence on pediatric epigenetic clocks and epigenetic scores in humans.; The investigation of the effects of prenatal cocaine exposure (PCE) on offspring has been inconsistent, with few studies investigating biological outcomes in humans. We profiled genome-wide DNA methylation (DNAm) of umbilical cord blood (UCB) from newborns with (n = 35) and without (n = 47) PCE. We used DNAm data to (1) assess pediatric epigenetic clocks at birth and (2) to estimate epigenetic scores (ES) for lifetime disorders. We generated gestational epigenetic age estimates (DNAmGA) based on Knight and Bohlin epigenetic clocks. We also investigated the association between DNAmGA and UCB serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels. Considering the large-scale DNAm data availability and existing evidence regarding PCE as a risk for health problems later in life, we generated ES for tobacco smoking, psychosis, autism, diabetes, and obesity. A gene ontology (GO) analysis on the CpGs included in the ES with group differences was performed. PCE was associated with lower DNAmGA in newborns, and this effect remained significant when controlling for potential confounders, such as blood cell type composition predicted by DNAm and obstetric data. DNAmGA was negatively correlated with BDNF levels in the serum of UCB. Higher tobacco smoking, psychosis, and diabetes ES were found in the PCE group. The GO analysis revealed GABAergic synapses as a potential pathway altered by PCE. Our findings of decelerated DNAmGA and ES for adverse phenotypes associated with PCE, suggest that the effects of gestational cocaine exposure on the epigenetic landscape of human newborns are detectable at birth.
Cardiac Responses to Prenatal Resistance Exercise with and without the Valsalva Maneuver.; PURPOSE: Exercise guidelines recommend incorporating resistance exercise (RE) into a regular aerobic training program during pregnancy. However, few women do so because of uncertainties about the safety of prenatal RE, particularly regarding the Valsalva maneuver (VM). The aim of this study was to determine the acute cardiovascular responses to prenatal RE at different intensities, with and without VM. METHODS: Healthy pregnant (n = 15; 22.9 ± 5.9 wk of gestation) and nonpregnant women (n = 15) were recruited. Maximal strength over 10 repetitions (10RM) for semireclined leg press was determined. Women underwent standardized assessments of cardiac structure, function and mechanics (echocardiography), heart rate (ECG), and blood pressure (photoplethysmography) at baseline, during RE at 20%, 40%, and 60% 10RM while free-breathing, and at 40% 10RM with VM. Significant differences were identified between subjects at baseline (independent t-tests), between and within subjects during free-breathing RE (general linear model, baseline as a covariate), and between and within subjects for 40% 10RM free-breathing versus VM (mixed-effects model). RESULTS: Resting cardiac output, heart rate, and stroke volume were greater in pregnant women, without differences in blood pressure, ejection fraction, or cardiac mechanics. During free-breathing RE, pregnant women had a greater ejection fraction compared with nonpregnant women; however, all other hemodynamic variables were not different between groups. Cardiac mechanics during free-breathing RE across all intensities were not different between groups, with the exception that pregnant women had a lower apical circumferential strain that did not affect global cardiac function. No differences were observed between groups during 40% 10RM RE with and without VM. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnant women have proportionate cardiac responses to light-moderate RE, both with and without the VM. These findings reinforce the safety of RE in healthy pregnancy.
Effect of Experimental Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Mechanical Sensitivity, Capsaicin-Induced Pain Behaviors and Hind Paw Glabrous Skin Innervation of Male and Female Mouse Offspring.; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) induces cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances in offspring. However, the effects of GDM in pain processing in offspring and whether male and female offspring are equally affected is not well known. Thus, we determined: i) whether GDM in mice affects offspring hindpaw mechanical sensitivity, capsaicin-induced spontaneous pain-like behaviors, and epidermal nerve fiber density (ENFD); and ii) whether there is sexual dimorphism in these parameters in offspring from GDM dams. METHODS: GDM was induced in pregnant ICR mice via i.p. streptozotocin (STZ). Then, glucose levels from dams and offspring were determined. Male and female offspring 2-3 months of age were evaluated for: a) baseline mechanical sensitivity of the hind paw by using von Frey filaments; b) number of flinches and time spent guarding induced by intraplantar capsaicin (0.1%); and c) density of PGP-9.5 and CGRP axons in the epidermis from the hind paw glabrous skin. RESULTS: Prepartum levels of glucose in STZ-treated dams were significantly increased compared to vehicle-treated dams; however, GDM or vehicle offspring displayed normal and similar blood glucose levels. Male and female GDM offspring showed significantly greater mechanical sensitivity and capsaicin-induced pain behaviors compared to vehicle offspring. Male GDM offspring displayed a slightly more intense nociceptive phenotype in the capsaicin test. PGP-9.5 and CGRP ENFD in hind paw glabrous skin were greater in male and female GDM offspring versus their controls. Sexual dimorphism was generally not observed in GDM offspring in most of the studied parameters. CONCLUSION: These results suggest GDM induced greater pain-like behaviors in adult offspring regardless of sex along with an increased ENFD of PGP-9.5 and CGRP in the hind paw glabrous skin. We show that GDM peripheral neuropathy differs from diabetic peripheral neuropathy acquired in adulthood and set the foundation to further study this in human babies exposed to GDM.
Head-to-body delivery interval and risk of fetal acidosis and hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy in shoulder dystocia: a retrospective review.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between head-to-body delivery interval (HBDI) and cord arterial pH and base excess (BE), and the risk of development of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (HIE). DESIGN: Retrospective review. SETTING: A university hospital. POPULATION: Pregnancies complicated with shoulder dystocia during the period 1995-2009. METHODS: Cases were identified from a search of the hospital electronic delivery records. Cord arterial pH and BE, and the incidence of HIE and perinatal death, were retrieved from medical records and correlated with HBDI, birth weight, mode of delivery and presence of nonreassuring fetal heart rate pattern and maternal diabetes using univariate analysis, followed by multivariate analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Any association between cord pH and HBDI. RESULTS: Of the 200 cases identified, the mean (standard deviation) HBDI was 2.5 minutes (1.5 minutes). Both HBDI and the presence of nonreassuring fetal heart rate pattern were independent factors for pH, and HBDI was the only significant factor for BE. Arterial pH dropped at a rate of 0.011 per minute [95% confidence interval (95% CI), 0.017-0.004; P = 0.002] with HBDI. The mode of delivery, birth weight and maternal diabetes did not affect blood gas levels. The respective risks of severe acidosis (pH < 7) and HIE with HBDI of <5 minutes were 0.5% and 0.5% versus 5.9% and 23.5% with HBDI ≥ 5 minutes. CONCLUSIONS: Cord arterial pH drops with HBDI during shoulder dystocia, but the risk of acidosis or HIE is very low with HBDI < 5 minutes.
The potentially inappropriate prescription of new drug: thiazolidinediones for patients with type II diabetes in Taiwan.; PURPOSE: To examine the potentially inappropriate prescription of thiazolidinediones (TZD). METHODS: Data on TZD prescriptions were collected from Taiwan's National Health Insurance dataset from 2001 to 2006. TZDs were considered inappropriately prescribed when they were prescribed to patients who were (1) under 18 years old, (2) pregnant, who had (3) type 1 diabetes, (4) severe heart failure, (5) hepatic insufficiency, or (6) renal insufficiency and taking TZD + metformin in combination. We aggregated potentially inappropriate prescriptions of TZD for each health-care institution in each month starting from March 2001, when TZD was introduced to Taiwan's market. RESULTS: The potentially inappropriate prescription of TZD increased from 9.41% in 2001 to 12.50% in 2006. Prior inappropriate prescription led to a 0.06% (95%CI: 0.04-0.08) further increase in its later inappropriate prescription. Accumulated months of experience prescribing TZD was found associated with higher proportion of inappropriate prescription of TZD (0.03%, 95%CI: 0.01-0.05). However, it was negatively associated with new incidence of inappropriate prescription of TZD (-0.20, 95%CI: -0.22 to -0.18). The greater the volume of prior TZD prescription (-0.87%, 95%CI: -0.93 to -0.81) and the greater the number of accumulated months since adoption (-0.14%, 95%CI: -0.16 to -0.12), the greater the decrease in rates of new inappropriate prescriptions. CONCLUSIONS: Along with the quick penetration of the new DM drug came an increased possibility that it would be prescribed inappropriately, a trend that persisted over time.
Temporal Leptin to Determine Cardiovascular and Metabolic Fate throughout the Life.; Leptin links peripheral adiposity and the central nervous system (CNS) to regulate cardiometabolic physiology. Within the CNS, leptin receptor-expressing cells are a counterpart to circulating leptin, and leptin receptor-mediated neural networks modulate the output of neuroendocrine and sympathetic nervous activity to balance cardiometabolic homeostasis. Therefore, disrupted CNS leptin signaling is directly implicated in the development of metabolic diseases, such as hypertension, obesity, and type 2 diabetes. Independently, maternal leptin also plays a central role in the development and growth of the infant during gestation. Accumulating evidence points to the dynamic maternal leptin environment as a predictor of cardiometabolic fate in their offspring as it is directly associated with infant metabolic parameters at birth. In postnatal life, the degree of serum leptin is representative of the level of body adiposity/weight, a driving factor for cardiometabolic alterations, and therefore, the levels of blood leptin through the CNS mechanism, in a large part, are a strong determinant for future cardiometabolic fate. The current review focuses on highlighting and discussing recent updates for temporal dissection of leptin-associated programing of future cardiometabolic fate throughout the entire life.
Fertility issues and pregnancy outcomes in Turner syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: To study fertility issues and pregnancy outcomes in Turner syndrome (TS). DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENT(S): One hundred fifty-six TS patients, median age 32 years, 23 mosaic 45,X/46,XX, 45,X/47,XXX, 45,X/46,XX/47,XXX. INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Fertility choices, spontaneous pregnancy, and oocyte donation (OD) outcomes. Conditions associated with aortic dissection and poor pregnancy outcomes at preconception were considered. Pregnancy-related aortic dimension changes and the long-term impact of pregnancy on TS-related comorbidities were assessed. RESULTS(S): In all, 13.5% had spontaneous pregnancies, resulting in a pregnancy with live birth in 18 patients (37 newborns); 16% considered OD, one adopted, and one underwent fertility preservation. Spontaneous pregnancy predictive factors were a karyotype with a second or third cell line with more than one X and spontaneous menarche. In all, 47.6% had miscarriages, two experienced preeclampsia, and two had gestational diabetes. One daughter was diagnosed with TS in adulthood. Seven of 14 who attempted OD had a pregnancy with live birth; two of seven had gestational diabetes; 64.3% attempting OD had risk factors associated with poor pregnancy outcomes, including four who had double embryo transfer. Cardiac status at preconception was evaluated in 12 of 25 women who had a pregnancy. The aortic diameters during pregnancy increased. The aortic growth at sinuses was 0.51 ± 0.71 mm/year and at ascending aorta 0.67 ± 0.67 mm/year, reaching a significant difference at sinuses compared with the growth in nulliparous TS. Among women who had a pregnancy, none experienced aortic dissection during and in the years after pregnancy. CONCLUSION(S): This study highlights the importance of a TS-dedicated multidisciplinary management of pregnancy, before and during pregnancy and in the postpartum period.
Facing the noncommunicable disease (NCD) global epidemic--the battle of prevention starts in utero--the FIGO challenge.; Noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) are responsible for 36 million deaths every year. Of this death toll, nearly 80% (29 million) occur in low- and median-income countries. More than 9 million deaths attributed to NCDs occur in people under 60 years of age. National economies are suffering considerable losses due to premature death or disability to work resulting from heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. The knowledge that in utero and in early childhood certain processes can affect the risk of developing NCDs provides an opportunity to enforce interventions during this critical time, when they may have the greatest effect. Using appropriate protocols, the health-care provider can educate mothers about the risks of certain nutritional and environmental exposures and integrate health promotion on the agenda, as part of the social and economic development. All this could motivate a substantial reduction in the risk of NCDs. Current and future health challenges demand new and changing competencies that should form the basis for education, training, and workforce planning. The International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) is aware of that responsibility and has joined hands with other agencies and organizations that make a considerable effort in providing appropriate prenatal care programs to prevent and treat most of the common preconditioning factors, especially in low-income countries.
Nimbolide protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy by regulating endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial function via the Akt/mTOR pathway.; Nimbolide has been demonstrated to possess protective properties against gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy. However, the role and molecular mechanism of nimbolide in diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) remain unknown. Diabetes was induced in rats via a single injection of streptozotocin (STZ) and then the diabetic rats were administered nimbolide (5 mg/kg and 20 mg/kg) or dimethyl sulfoxide daily for 12 weeks. H9c2 cardiomyocytes were exposed to high glucose (25 mM glucose) to mimic DCM in vitro. The protective effects of nimbolide against DCM were evaluated in vivo and in vitro. The potential molecular mechanism of nimbolide in DCM was further explored. We found that nimbolide dose-dependently decreased blood glucose and improved body weight of diabetic rats. Additionally, nimbolide dose-dependently improved cardiac function, alleviated myocardial injury/fibrosis, and inhibited endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and apoptosis in diabetic rats. Moreover, nimbolide dose-dependently improved mitochondrial function and activated the Akt/mTOR signaling. We consistently demonstrated the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide in an in vitro model of DCM. The involvement of ER stress and mitochondrial pathways were further confirmed by using inhibitors of ER stress and mitochondrial division. By applying a specific Akt inhibitor SC66, the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide were partially blocked. Our study indicated that nimbolide alleviated DCM by activating Akt/mTOR pathway. Nimbolide may be a novel therapeutic agent for DCM treatment.
Associations between adverse childhood experiences and obstetrical outcomes in a predominantly Black-identifying and low-income pregnant population.; BACKGROUND: Recent literature indicates that adverse childhood experiences have been associated with poor obstetrical outcomes, including pregnancy loss, preterm birth, and low birthweight. Several studies have been conducted in primarily self-identified White individuals who report middle to high income levels. Less is known about the impact of adverse childhood experiences on obstetrical outcomes in minority-identifying and low-income populations, who are known to experience a greater number of adverse childhood experiences and are at higher risk of maternal morbidity. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine associations between adverse childhood experiences and a broad range of obstetrical outcomes among predominantly Black-identifying pregnant persons who have low income and live in an urban area. STUDY DESIGN: This is a single-center retrospective cohort study of pregnant persons referred to a mental healthcare manager because of elevated psychosocial risks identified by screening tools or provider concerns during the study period from April 2018 to May 2021. Pregnant persons aged <18 years and those who did not speak English were excluded. Patients completed validated mental and behavioral health screening tools including the Adverse Childhood Experiences Questionnaire. Medical charts were reviewed for obstetrical outcomes, including preterm birth, low birthweight, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, chorioamnionitis, sexually transmitted infection, maternal group B streptococcus carrier status, type of delivery, and attendance of a postpartum visit. Associations between high (≥4) and very high (≥6) of 10 adverse childhood experience score and obstetrical outcomes were analyzed using bivariate analysis and multivariate logistic regression, adjusting for confounding factors (significant at P<.05 in bivariate analysis). RESULTS: Our cohort included 192 pregnant persons, of whom 176 (91.7%) self-identified as Black or African American and 181 (94.8%) had public insurance (used as a proxy for low income). Adverse childhood experience score ≥4 was reported by 91 (47.4%) individuals and score ≥6 by 50 (26%). On univariate analysis, adverse childhood experience score ≥4 was associated with preterm birth (odds ratio, 2.17; 95% confidence interval, 1.02-4.61). Adverse childhood experience score ≥6 was associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 2.09; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.15) and preterm birth (odds ratio, 2.29; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.96). After accounting for chronic hypertension, associations between adverse childhood experience score and obstetrical outcomes were no longer significant. CONCLUSION: Approximately half of the pregnant persons referred to a mental healthcare manager had a high adverse childhood experience score, underscoring the high burden of childhood trauma on populations facing long-standing systemic racism and barriers to healthcare access. High and very high adverse childhood experience score may be associated with chronic health conditions that predate pregnancy and can alter obstetrical outcomes. Obstetrical care providers have a unique opportunity to mitigate risk of associated poor health outcomes during preconception and prenatal care by screening for adverse childhood experiences.
[Clinical Comparative Analysis of Early-Onset Preeclampsia Combined with HELLP Syndrome].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the clinical characteristics of early-onset preeclampsia (PE) combined with HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets) syndrome, and to improve the capacity for early diagnosis and treatment. METHODS: Pregnant women who received treatment at Women's Hospital, School of Medicine, Zhejiang University between March 2014 and October 2021 were retrospectively enrolled. There were two patient groups, the HELLP group consisting of 70 cases of early-onset PE combined with HELLP syndrome and the control group consisting of 140 cases of early-onset PE without HELLP syndrome. Patients in the two groups were matched by age. The general clinical data, characteristics of pathogenesis, and laboratory findings of the patients were collected and the perinatal outcomes of the two groups were compared and analyzed. RESULTS: 1) There was no significant difference in gravidity, pre-delivery body mass index, years from the last delivery, and family history of diabetes mellitus and hypertension between the two groups. 2) The highest systolic blood pressure, highest diastolic blood pressure during the pregnancy, and the postpartum hospital length-of-stay ( P<0.001) in the HELLP group were higher than those in the control group. The gestational age at the time of the diagnosis of PE ( P=0.001) and the gestational age at delivery ( P<0.001) in the HELLP group were significantly earlier than those in the control group. The difference between the gestational age at the time of blood pressure elevation and that at the time of delivery ( P<0.001), and the gestational age difference between the diagnosis of early-onset PE and delivery ( P=0.027) were lower than those in the control group. The incidences of eclampsia in the HELLP group, pleural effusion, and ascites were higher than those of the control group. 3) Neonates in the HELLP group had a higher probability of being admitted to NICU and developing cyanotic/pale asphyxia ( P<0.001). 4) Before the termination of pregnancy, the HELLP group had higher levels of alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, total bilirubin, creatinine, urea, random glucose, lactate dehydrogenase, activated partial thromboplastin time, and the last 24-hour urine protein quantification than those of the control group (all P<0.05), while the platelet (PLT) counts were significantly lower than those of the control group ( P<0.001). 5) There was a significant correlation between PLT counts in the second trimester and the onset of HELLP syndrome ( P=0.006), with the area under the ROC curve reaching 0.746 (95% CI: 0.596-0.897). CONCLUSION: In comparison with early-onset PE patients without HELLP syndrome, patients with early-onset PE combined with HELLP syndrome are diagnosed for PE at an earlier gestational age, have higher blood pressure, are more prone to serious pregnancy complications, and have longer postpartum hospital length-of-stay and worse neonatal outcomes. Close monitoring of PLT counts of early-onset PE patients in the second trimester may help predict subsequent HELLP syndrome.
Increased Aβ pathology in aged Tg2576 mice born to mothers fed a high fat diet.; Maternal obesity is associated with increased risk of developing diabetes, obesity and premature death in adult offspring. Mid-life diabetes, hypertension and hypercholesterolaemia are risk factors for the development of sporadic Alzheimer's disease (AD). A key pathogenic feature of AD is the accumulation of β-amyloid (Aβ) in the brain. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of high fat diet feeding during early life on Aβ pathology in the Tg2576 mouse model of AD. Female mice were fed a standard (C) or high fat (HF) diet before mating and during gestation and lactation. At weaning, male offspring were fed a C diet. Significantly higher levels of guanidine-soluble Aβ and plaque loads were observed in the hippocampi of 11-month old Tg2576 mice born to mothers fed a HF diet. Changes in the extracellular matrix led to increased retention of Aβ within the parenchyma. These data support a role for maternal and gestational health on the health of the aged brain and pathologies associated with AD and may provide a novel target for both the prevention and treatment of AD.
Diabetes in the Western Pacific Region--past, present and future.; In the 2013 issue of the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) Diabetes Atlas, the prevalence of diabetes in the Western Pacific (WP) Region was reported to be 8.6% in 2013, or 138 million adults, and estimated to rise to 11.1%, or 201 million adults, in 2035. The prevalence estimates of impaired glucose tolerance in 2013 and 2035 were 6.8% and 9.0%, respectively. Over 50% of people with diabetes were undiagnosed. In 2013, 187 million deaths were attributable to diabetes, 44% of which occurred in the under the age of 60. The WP Region is home to one quarter of the world's population, and includes China with the largest number of people with diabetes as well as Pacific Islands countries with the highest prevalence rates. There is a rapid increase in diabetes prevalence in the young-to-middle aged adults, possibly driven by high rates of childhood obesity and gestational diabetes as well as rapid demographic and sociocultural transitions. Differences in genetics, ethnicity, cultures and socioeconomic development have led to complex host-environment-lifestyle interactions with marked disease heterogeneity, further influenced by access to care and treatment. Despite these challenges, the WP Region has provided notable examples to prevent and control diabetes.
The influence of maternal and infant nutrition on cardiometabolic traits: novel findings and future research directions from four Canadian birth cohort studies.; A mother's nutritional choices while pregnant may have a great influence on her baby's development in the womb and during infancy. There is evidence that what a mother eats during pregnancy interacts with her genes to affect her child's susceptibility to poor health outcomes including childhood obesity, pre-diabetes, allergy and asthma. Furthermore, after what an infant eats can change his or her intestinal bacteria, which can further influence the development of these poor outcomes. In the present paper, we review the importance of birth cohorts, the formation and early findings from a multi-ethnic birth cohort alliance in Canada and summarise our future research directions for this birth cohort alliance. We summarise a method for harmonising collection and analysis of self-reported dietary data across multiple cohorts and provide examples of how this birth cohort alliance has contributed to our understanding of gestational diabetes risk; ethnic and diet-influences differences in the healthy infant microbiome; and the interplay between diet, ethnicity and birth weight. Ongoing work in this birth cohort alliance will focus on the use of metabolomic profiling to measure dietary intake, discovery of unique diet-gene and diet-epigenome interactions, and qualitative interviews with families of children at risk of metabolic syndrome. Our findings to-date and future areas of research will advance the evidence base that informs dietary guidelines in pregnancy, infancy and childhood, and will be relevant to diverse and high-risk populations of Canada and other high-income countries.
Developmental origins of adult diseases.; There is considerable evidence for the fact that early life environment in human beings are associated with future development of various metabolic diseases. Fetal programming and perinatal events appear to exert effects on later life that are independent of environmental risk factors in adults. Our understanding of the underlying mechanisms are limited and remains unclear. However several animal models and epidemiological studies have shown this association, and it is assumed secondary to the penalties of developmental plasticity. In this review, we amalgamate facts from several disciplines to support this hypothesis.
The long-term effects of prenatal development on growth and metabolism.; People who were small at birth and had poor infant growth have an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, and type 2 diabetes, particularly if their restricted early growth was followed by increased childhood weight gain. These relations extend across the normal range of birth size in a graded manner, so reduced size is not a prerequisite. In addition, larger birth size is associated with risks of obesity and type 2 diabetes. The associations appear to reflect developmental plastic responses made by the fetus and infant based on cues about the environment, influenced by maternal characteristics including diet, body composition, stress, and exercise levels. These responses involve epigenetic processes that modify the offspring's phenotype. Vulnerability to ill health results if the environment in infancy, childhood, and later life is mismatched to the phenotype induced in development, informed by the developmental cues. This mismatch may arise through unbalanced diet or body composition of the mother or a change in lifestyle factors between generations. These insights offer new possibilities for the early diagnosis and prevention of chronic disease.
Mortality in women in relation to their childbearing history.; With data from the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys' longitudinal study the mortality of currently married women aged under 60 in 1971 was investigated in relation to the number of liveborn children reported at the 1971 census, adjusting for their husbands' social class. Women who had never had children experienced a higher mortality from many causes of death than the parous women, and this was probably due, at least in part, to selective factors. When the analysis was confined to parous women mortality from diabetes mellitus and cervical cancer increased significantly and oesophageal cancer decreased significantly with increasing number of liveborn children. Mortality from all circulatory diseases and from hypertensive disease, ischaemic heart disease, and subarachnoid haemorrhage tended to rise with parity, though the trends were not statistically significant. Mortality from breast cancer decreased significantly with the number of liveborn children, but only when nullipara were included in the analyses. These data suggest that there may be residual and cumulative effects of childbearing which influence patterns of disease in the long term.
Determinants of childbearing intentions among pregnant women with a suspected fetal congenital heart disease.; BACKGROUND: The Saudi population is characterized by a high fertility rate, a conservative sociocultural context, and an ongoing societal and lifestyle transition. Yet, data regarding childbearing intentions and the associated factors is scarce. Furthermore, childbearing intention may be impacted by abnormal pregnancy events, such as the clinical suspicion or diagnosis of a fetal congenital disease and the negative experience that may result from it. OBJECTIVES: The present study explored childbearing intention and determined the sociodemographic and health-related factors discouraging from future pregnancies among women visiting the cardiology clinic for antenatal screening of congenital heart diseases (CHD). METHODS: A one-year cross-sectional study involved 150 consecutive pregnant women aged between 18 and 47 years old, who presented for antenatal screening of CHD at the fetal echocardiography clinic for, of a teaching hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. An interview-based questionnaire was administered before the clinic visit and collected sociodemographic data, obstetrical history, risk factors of congenital diseases, mothers' knowledge about fetal echocardiography and CHDs, and childbearing intention (the primary outcome). RESULTS: Fetal echocardiography and CHD were correctly described by 60 % and 31.3 % of the participants respectively, while 40.7 % and 12 % recognized the association of congenital diseases with consanguinity and advanced maternal age respectively. Childbearing intentions showed 68.0 % of the participants declared desiring a future baby while the remaining 32.0 % declared having no further pregnancy expectations. Attitudes towards a hypothetical baby with CHD were positive in 97.3 % of the participants, and only 30 % declared that the fetal echocardiography results will impact their future childbearing decision. However, childbearing intention showed no significant association with knowledge or attitudes towards CHD. On the other hand, childbearing intention was independently associated with the number of children (OR=0.34; p<0.001), consanguinity with husband (OR=3.64; p = 0.010), and history of gestational diabetes (OR=0.28; p = 0.040). CONCLUSION: Fertility expectations among Saudi mothers are more likely to be impacted by the personal experience and judgment of own pregnancy fitness, while no significant impact of fetal risks and events. This demonstrates a certain level of autonomy balanced with deeply rooted religious ethics yet combined with a lack of awareness about fetal and maternal risks associated with advanced maternal age and consanguinity. We emphasize the unmet need of education and family planning.
Recurrence of Preterm Birth and Early Term Birth.; OBJECTIVE: To examine recurrent preterm birth and early term birth in women's initial and immediately subsequent pregnancies. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study included 163,889 women who delivered their first and second liveborn singleton neonates between 20 and 44 weeks of gestation in California from 2005 through 2011. Data from hospital discharge records and birth certificates were used for analyses. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using logistic regression models adjusted for risk factors. RESULTS: Shorter gestational duration in the first pregnancy increased the risk of subsequent preterm birth (both early, before 32 weeks of gestation, and later, from 32 to 36 weeks of gestation) as well as early term birth (37-38 weeks of gestation). Compared with women with a prior term birth, women with a prior early preterm birth (before 32 weeks of gestation) were at the highest risk for a subsequent early preterm birth (58/935 [6.2%] compared with 367/118,505 [0.3%], adjusted OR 23.3, 95% CI 17.2-31.7). Women with a prior early term birth had more than a twofold increased risk for subsequent preterm birth (before 32 weeks of gestation: 171/36,017 [0.5%], adjusted OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.6-2.3; from 32 to 36 weeks of gestation: 2,086/36,017 [6.8%], adjusted OR 3.0, 95% CI 2.9-3.2) or early term birth (13,582/36,017 [37.7%], adjusted OR 2.2, 95% CI 2.2-2.3). CONCLUSION: Both preterm birth and early term birth are associated with these outcomes in a subsequent pregnancy. Increased clinical attention and research efforts may benefit from a focus on women with a prior early term birth as well as those with prior preterm birth.
Nutritional programming of insulin resistance: causes and consequences.; Strong evidence indicates that adverse prenatal and early postnatal environments have a significant long-term influence on risk factors that result in insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes (T2D), and cardiovascular disease later in life. Here we discuss current knowledge of how maternal and neonatal nutrition influence early growth and the long-term risk of developing insulin resistance in different organs and at the whole-body level. Accumulating evidence supports a role for epigenetic mechanisms underlying this nutritional programming, consisting of heritable changes that regulate gene expression which in turn shapes the phenotype across generations. Deciphering these molecular mechanisms in key tissues and discovering key biological markers may provide valuable insight towards the development of effective intervention strategies.
PP145. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: A two year study (2008-2009).; INTRODUCTION: The hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are a leading cause of maternal mortality and morbidity. According to the group studies of NHPBEB 2000 four entities are defined: Chronic Hypertension (CH) previous to pregnancy, Gestational Hypertension (GH), Preeclampsia/Eclampsia (PE/E) and superimposed Preeclampisa/Eclampsia in Chronic Hypertension (PE/E CH). All this entities have different outcomes and require adequate follow-up and specific attitude. OBJECTIVES: Review all cases of hypertensive disorders in a two-year period, its incidences, and related maternal and fetal complications. METHODS: In a retrospective study, from January 2008 to December 2009, all files related with hypertensive disorders, seen in our department, were reviewed. The statistic analysis was based on Excel 2007. RESULTS: The global incidence of hypertensive disorders was 3.8% (309 cases), with each entity with an incidence of: 40% in CH, 40% GH, 25% PE/E and 7% PE/E CH. In terms of demographic characteristics the majority of the population were caucasian (46%) and black (40%), the mean age was of 31years (minimum of 12-maximum of 47), and mainly previous Chronic Hypertension and endocrinologic disorders as co-morbidities (Diabetes Mellitus, obesity and thyroid pathology). The fetal/maternal complications were mainly preterm delivery (26.2%), with a low percentage of Abruptio Placentae (1%). Maternal complications were analysed in terms of ICU admissions of 7%, cardiovascular/renal disorders of 1% and maternal bleeding 1%. No maternal death was described. Fetal outcomes were also studied, specifically in terms of birth weight, with an average of 2794 (500-5480g), apgar index in 1st and 5th minute below seven in respectively, 14% and 3.5%. CONCLUSION: The incidence of maternal complications in our analysis was lower than described in literature. The incidence of preterm delivery was similar to that reported in other studies, mostly due to late pre-terms (>32w).
Zinc restriction during different periods of life: influence in renal and cardiovascular diseases.; Micronutrient undernutrition during critical periods of growth has become an important health issue in developing and developed countries, particularly among pregnant women and children having an imbalanced diet. Zinc is a widely studied microelement in infant feeding because it is a component of several enzymes involved in intermediary metabolism ranging from growth to cell differentiation and metabolism of proteins, carbohydrates, and lipids. Human and experimental studies have reported an association between zinc deficiency and the etiopathogenesis of cardiovascular and renal diseases like hypertension, atherosclerosis, congestive heart failure, coronary heart disease, and diabetes. The main links between the development of these pathologies and zinc deficiency are multiple mechanisms involving oxidative stress damage, apoptosis, and inflammation. A substantial body of evidence suggests that a poor in utero environment elicited by maternal dietary or placental insufficiency may "programme" susceptibility in the fetus to later development of cardiovascular, renal, metabolic, and endocrine diseases. Zinc deficiency in rats during intrauterine and postnatal growth can also be considered a model of fetal programming of cardiovascular and renal diseases in adult life. Dietary zinc restriction during fetal life, lactation, and/or postweaning induces an increase in arterial blood pressure and impairs renal function in adult life. This review focuses on the contributions of experimental and clinical studies to current knowledge of the physiologic role of zinc in the cardiovascular and renal systems. Moreover, this review examines the relationship between zinc deficiency during different periods of life and the development of cardiovascular and renal diseases in adult life.
Steroid profiling in pregnancy: a focus on the human fetus.; In this review we focused on steroid metabolomics in human fetuses and newborns and its role in the physiology and pathophysiology of human pregnancy and subsequent stages of human life, and on the physiological relevance of steroids influencing the nervous systems with regards to their concentrations in the fetus. Steroid profiling provides valuable data for the diagnostics of diseases related to altered steroidogenesis in the fetal and maternal compartments and placenta. We outlined a potential use of steroid metabolomics for the prediction of reproductive disorders, misbalance of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, and impaired insulin sensitivity in subsequent stages of human life. A possible role of steroids exhibiting a non-genomic effect in the development of gestational diabetes and in the neuroprotection via negative modulation of AMPA/kainate receptors was also indicated. Increasing progesterone synthesis and catabolism, declining production of tocolytic 5β-pregnane steroids, and rising activities of steroid sulfotransferases with the approaching term may be of importance in sustaining pregnancy. An increasing trend was demonstrated with advancing gestation toward the production of ketones (and 3β-hydroxyl groups in the case of 3α-hydroxy-steroids) was demonstrated in the fetus on the expense of 3α-hydroxy-, 17β-hydroxy-, and 20α-hydroxy-groups weakening in the sequence C17, C3, and C20. There was higher production of active progestogen but lower production of active estrogen and GABAergic steroids with the approaching term. Rising activities of placental CYP19A1 and oxidative isoforms of HSD17B, and of fetal CYP3A7 with advancing gestation may protect the fetus from hyperestrogenization. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Pregnancy and Steroids'.
Pregnancy: An Underutilized Window of Opportunity to Improve Long-term Maternal and Infant Health-An Appeal for Continuous Family Care and Interdisciplinary Communication.; Physiologic adaptations during pregnancy unmask a woman's predisposition to diseases. Complications are increasingly predicted by first-trimester algorithms, amplify a pre-existing maternal phenotype and accelerate risks for chronic diseases in the offspring up to adulthood (Barker hypothesis). Recent evidence suggests that vice versa, pregnancy diseases also indicate maternal and even grandparent's risks for chronic diseases (reverse Barker hypothesis). Pub-Med and Embase were reviewed for Mesh terms "fetal programming" and "pregnancy complications combined with maternal disease" until January 2017. Studies linking pregnancy complications to future cardiovascular, metabolic, and thrombotic risks for mother and offspring were reviewed. Women with a history of miscarriage, fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, obesity, excessive gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, subfertility, and thrombophilia more frequently demonstrate with echocardiographic abnormalities, higher fasting insulin, deviating lipids or clotting factors and show defective endothelial function. Thrombophilia hints to thrombotic risks in later life. Pregnancy abnormalities correlate with future cardiovascular and metabolic complications and earlier mortality. Conversely, women with a normal pregnancy have lower rates of subsequent diseases than the general female population creating the term: "Pregnancy as a window for future health." Although the placenta works as a gatekeeper, many pregnancy complications may lead to sickness and earlier death in later life when the child becomes an adult. The epigenetic mechanisms and the mismatch between pre- and postnatal life have created the term "fetal origin of adult disease." Up to now, the impact of cardiovascular, metabolic, or thrombotic risk profiles has been investigated separately for mother and child. In this manuscript, we strive to illustrate the consequences for both, fetus and mother within a cohesive perspective and thus try to demonstrate the complex interrelationship of genetics and epigenetics for long-term health of societies and future generations. Maternal-fetal medicine specialists should have a key role in the prevention of non-communicable diseases by implementing a framework for patient consultation and interdisciplinary networks. Health-care providers and policy makers should increasingly invest in a stratified primary prevention and follow-up to reduce the increasing number of manifest cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and to prevent waste of health-care resources.
Risk Factors and Outcomes Associated With Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy in Maternal Congenital Heart Disease.; BACKGROUND: Among women with congenital heart disease (CHD), risk factors for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and the association of HDP with adverse outcomes are unknown. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to identify risk factors for HDP among women with and without CHD and to assess the association of HDP with adverse events. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study included the first live birth for each woman who was pregnant in Alberta, Canada, between January 1, 2005, and December 31, 2018. The prevalence of HDP among women with and without CHD was compared. Multivariable models were used to determine the independent associations between maternal characteristics and HDP and to assess the strength of associations between HDP and CHD with adverse events. RESULTS: Of the total birth events, 0.6% (N = 2,575) occurred in women with CHD. HDP were more common among women with CHD (11.2% vs 8.1%, P < 0.0001). Chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus were strongly associated with HDP among women with CHD (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 4.56; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.95-7.03; and aOR: 3.33; 95% CI: 1.48-7.49, respectively). Coarctation of the aorta was the only CHD lesion independently associated with increased risk for HDP (aOR: 1.76; 95% CI: 1.02-3.02). HDP, as opposed to CHD, was more strongly associated with having a complicated delivery admission, preterm delivery, and small for gestational age infant. CONCLUSIONS: HDP were more common among women with CHD. The strongest risk factors for HDP among women with CHD were acquired. The presence of HDP, rather than CHD, was more strongly associated with certain adverse outcomes.
Affinity of Mucormycosis for Basal Ganglia in Intravenous Drug Users: Case Illustration and Review of Literature.; Central nervous system mucormycosis is an aggressive fungal infection often ending in fatality. The usual circumstance is an immunocompromised individual presenting with rapidly progressive rhinocerebral involvement. An extremely rare variant of central nervous system mucormycosis isolated to the basal ganglia in an immunocompetent intravenous drug user is detailed in this manuscript. The patient was aggressively treated with aspiration of the fungal abscess and long-term intravenous antifungal agents.
Association of remote hypertension in pregnancy with coronary artery disease: a case-control study.; Because hypertensive pregnancies have been associated with increased cardiovascular disease, we aimed to identify whether angiographically characterized coronary artery disease differed in women with previous normotensive pregnancies or hypertensive pregnancies (HPs). The study group included 217 parous women, aged 60.9+/-9.2 (SD) years, who required coronary angiography between January 2006 and December 2007, 36.8+/-9.9 and 28.8+/-10.5 years after their first and last pregnancy, respectively; 146 had normotensive pregnancies and 71 had >/=1 HP, according to a questionnaire including reproductive history and cardiovascular risks. Body mass index, smoking, and frequency of diabetes were similar in both groups. Chronic hypertension (93% versus 78%; P=0.007), hyperlipidemia (82% versus 69%; P=0.049), and premature familial cardiovascular disease (42% versus 20%; P=0.001) prevailed in HPs. Participants with HPs were younger (58.9+/-8.3 versus 61.9+/-9.6 years; P=0.025) than participants with normotensive pregnancies. Although 49% of all participants had hemodynamically significant coronary artery disease (>/=70% stenosis), no differences were observed between groups in the number of stenotic arteries; however, their number increased by 28% and 22% over a 10-year period in HPs and normotensive pregnancies, respectively (P=0.034). Multivariate analysis showed that HPs had a nonsignificant risk of having coronary artery disease (odds ratio: 1.21; 95% CI: 0.64 to 2.28), and being a current smoker (odds ratio: 4.13; 95% CI: 1.85 to 9.25), a diabetic (odds ratio: 2.29; 95% CI: 1.85 to 9.25), or having a family history of premature cardiovascular disease (odds ratio: 2.34; 95% CI: 1.17 to 2.39) significantly increased the risk of coronary artery disease. This study demonstrates that women with HPs have earlier coronary disease, probably related to intermediate cardiovascular risks that have a gestational expression.
Metabolic complications of obesity.; Obesity is a risk factor for several metabolic complications, with insulin resistance being the common denominator in these conditions. Impaired blood glucose regulation is one of the most important of these complications, and includes type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), prediabetes, and gestational diabetes. Metabolic syndrome describes a constellation of features including insulin resistance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and abdominal obesity. Polycystic ovary syndrome is a condition characterized by ovulatory dysfunction and clinical evidence of hyperandrogenism. As many of these complications can go unnoticed for years without overt clinical complications, awareness of both patients and health care professionals is essential such that appropriate screening and diagnostic strategies can be undertaken. Aggressive management strategies of diabetic and prediabetic states are essential for prevention of complications over time. Strategies for identification of vascular risk factors must be implemented such that appropriate risk reduction strategies can be undertaken to minimize the risk of development of cardiovascular complications.
Sex differences in risk factors for vascular contributions to cognitive impairment & dementia.; Vascular contributions to cognitive impairment and dementia (VCID) is the second most common cause of dementia. While males overall appear to be at a slightly higher risk for VCID throughout most of the lifespan (up to age 85), some risk factors for VCID more adversely affect women. These include female-specific risk factors associated with pregnancy related disorders (e.g. preeclampsia), menopause, and poorly timed hormone replacement. Further, presence of certain co-morbid risk factors, such as diabetes, obesity and hypertension, also may more adversely affect women than men. In contrast, some risk factors more greatly affect men, such as hyperlipidemia, myocardial infarction, and heart disease. Further, stroke, one of the leading risk factors for VCID, has a higher incidence in men than in women throughout much of the lifespan, though this trend is reversed at advanced ages. This review will highlight the need to take biological sex and common co-morbidities for VCID into account in both preclinical and clinical research. Given that there are currently no treatments available for VCID, it is critical that we understand how to mitigate risk factors for this devastating disease in both sexes.
Will feeding mothers prevent the Asian metabolic syndrome epidemic?; Evolutionary pressures have probably amplified the mechanisms for minimizing the impact of environmental factors through compensatory maternal mechanisms. Nevertheless, experimentally there are clear long-term programming effects of manipulations to the maternal diet on the likelihood of neural-tube defects associated with folate deficiency The fat/lean ratios of the newborn, and subsequent development, seem to be linked to amino acid or folate supply. An altered balance in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, which experimentally has profound effects on brain development, is induced by low-protein maternal diets. Such diets are linked to a reduced pancreatic capacity for insulin production and to an altered hepatic architecture, with a change in the control of glucose metabolism. Human studies suggest that what happens in pregnancy is modified by the child's diet in the first months of life. Low birthweight is linked to early stunting, and predisposes to abdominal obesity and metabolic syndrome in later life. Metabolic syndrome amplifies the risks of diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease and probably some cancers. Mothers with gestational diabetes are themselves prone to early type 2 diabetes and produce heavier babies prone to childhood obesity and adolescent type 2 diabetes. There is increasing evidence of an intergenerational effect, with big babies being prone to excess weight gain, which then, in girls, predisposes them to diabetes in pregnancy, which, in turn, promotes an accelerating cycle of early diabetes in subsequent generations. Essential fatty acids and fat soluble vitamins are important, but we need early interventions and monitoring systems to justify coherent policies.
Mortality patterns in Kuwait: inferences from death certificate data.; Two main features of the mortality pattern in Kuwait are very low crude death rates, not exceeding 2.3 per 1,000, and a high frequency of traffic accidents, ranking as the second leading cause of death. In quantitative terms, mortality statistics in Kuwait have reached their objectives in that coverage approaches 100%. However, quality of data still suffers from apparent shortcomings, as exemplified by senility (without mention of psychosis) as the sixth leading cause of death. Huge oscillations in the frequency of some conditions from one year to the next one are even more indicative of the dubious reliability of the information on the death certificate. These variations occur across the board and do not characterize only a pre-war/post-war comparison. Coding inconsistencies are not restricted to the same group of diseases (e.g., cardiovascular disorders) but appear to comprise shifts in coding between different groups of diseases (e.g., pneumonia and disorders related to short gestation). Socially undesirable causes of death are, in particular, an area where reliability of data may be easily challenged on logical grounds. If raw mortality data were taken for granted, they could be very misleading. Providing for a cautious interpretation, however, these data may still be fairly informative.
Early HbA1c Levels as a Predictor of Adverse Obstetric Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Background: The objective was to assess the association between early HbA1c levels and pregnancy complications and whether this relationship is affected when HbA1c thresholds are greater than or less than 39 mmol/mol (5.7%). Methods: Electronic searches of the MEDLINE and EMBASE databases up to October 2022 were conducted. We included retrospective and prospective observational studies. The inclusion criteria were as follows: HbA1c measurements taken at <20 weeks' gestation, singleton pregnancy, and no pre-existing diabetes mellitus. Results: We assessed the certainty of the evidence with the GRADE system. We determined the proportion of patients in each group who met the criteria for obstetrical outcomes and pooled data into two subgroups according to the HbA1c threshold: <39 mmol/mol or >39 mmol/mol (5.7%). Sixteen studies with a total of 43,627 women were included. An association between elevated early HbA1c levels and pre-eclampsia, large for gestational age (LGA), macrosomia, and preterm delivery (RR 2.02, 95% CI 1.53-2.66; RR 1.38, 95% CI 1.15-1.66; RR 1.40, 95% CI 1.07-1.83; and RR 1.67, 95% CI 1.39-2.0, respectively) was shown, with a moderate-high grade of certainty. According to the subgroup analysis of all studies, LGA, pre-eclampsia, and labour induction were associated with elevated HbA1c levels only in studies using an HbA1c threshold >39 mmol/mol (5.7%). The association between HbA1c levels and premature birth was statistically significant in studies using both higher and lower HbA1c thresholds. Conclusions: Women with high early HbA1c levels below the range of diabetes presented an increased risk of pregnancy complications such as macrosomia, LGA, and pre-eclampsia. An early HbA1c threshold of >39 mmol/mol (5.7%) showed the strongest association with pregnancy complications.
Demographic influence on maternal weight gain during pregnancy: where will we end up?; PURPOSE: Maternal obesity is one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetrics. Complications, such as gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, preeclampsia and many more, exist far more often in obese women than in pregnant women of normal weight. METHODS: Changes in maternal weight gain during pregnancy were analysed in Schleswig-Holstein between 1995 and 1997 and between 2004 and 2009. Between 1995 and 1997 data were drawn from 74,000 singleton pregnancies and between 2004 and 2009 from 118,000 pregnancies. The data centre of the University of Rostock performed the statistical analysis. RESULTS: Maternal weight at the time of first consultation with proof of pregnancy was 67.6 kg in 1995 and increased to 70.7 kg in 2009. This means an absolute difference of 3.1 kg. Maternal weight at the time of delivery changed from 80.8 to 84.9 kg in the same period. This is an absolute difference of 4.1 kg. Body weight is higher in 2009 than in 1995 across nearly all age groups. Even in younger women (aged 17 years and over) differences in weight can be registered. The obesity rate (BMI ≥ 30) in relation to maternal age was also analysed. In general, the rate of obesity is higher in 2009 than in 1995 across all age groups. CONCLUSIONS: These results show an increase in maternal weight gain during pregnancy over the last decades. However, the change in maternal weight is not dependent upon maternal age. The weight differences are consistent across nearly all age groups. Thus, age is not a risk factor for overweight and obesity.
IDF Diabetes Atlas: Global estimates for the prevalence of diabetes for 2015 and 2040.; AIM: To produce current estimates of the national, regional and global impact of diabetes for 2015 and 2040. METHODS: A systematic literature review was conducted to identify data sources on the prevalence of diabetes from studies conducted in the period from 1990 to 2015. An analytic hierarchy process was used to select the most appropriate studies for each country, and estimates for countries without data were modelled using extrapolation from similar countries that had available data. A logistic regression model was used to generate smoothed age-specific estimates, which were applied to UN population estimates. RESULTS: 540 data sources were reviewed, of which 196 sources from 111 countries were selected. In 2015 it was estimated that there were 415 million (uncertainty interval: 340-536 million) people with diabetes aged 20-79years, 5.0 million deaths attributable to diabetes, and the total global health expenditure due to diabetes was estimated at 673 billion US dollars. Three quarters (75%) of those with diabetes were living in low- and middle-income countries. The number of people with diabetes aged 20-79years was predicted to rise to 642 million (uncertainty interval: 521-829 million) by 2040. CONCLUSION: Diabetes prevalence, deaths attributable to diabetes, and health expenditure due to diabetes continue to rise across the globe with important social, financial and health system implications.
Maternal preeclampsia and risk for cardiovascular disease in offspring.; Hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP) has been associated with elevated lifetime cardiovascular risk, including stroke, myocardial disease, coronary artery disease, and peripheral arterial disease. These two entities share common risk factors such as obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, and hypertension. This article will evaluate the current literature on the maternal and fetal cardiovascular risks posed by HDP. The landmark study by Barker et al. demonstrated increased cardiovascular risk in growth-restricted infants, which may also be associated with HDP. Research has demonstrated the effects that HDP may have on the vascular and nephron development in offspring, particularly with respect to endothelial and inflammatory markers. In order to control for confounding variables and better understand the relationship between HDP and lifetime cardiovascular risk, future research will require following blood pressure and metabolic profiles of the parturients and their offspring.
Scientific evidence on the links between periodontal diseases and diabetes: Consensus report and guidelines of the joint workshop on periodontal diseases and diabetes by the International diabetes Federation and the European Federation of Periodontology.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes and periodontitis are chronic non-communicable diseases independently associated with mortality and have a bidirectional relationship. AIMS: To update the evidence for their epidemiological and mechanistic associations and re-examine the impact of effective periodontal therapy upon metabolic control (glycated haemoglobin, HbA1C). EPIDEMIOLOGY: There is strong evidence that people with periodontitis have elevated risk for dysglycaemia and insulin resistance. Cohort studies among people with diabetes demonstrate significantly higher HbA1C levels in patients with periodontitis (versus periodontally healthy patients), but there are insufficient data among people with type 1 diabetes. Periodontitis is also associated with an increased risk of incident type 2 diabetes. MECHANISMS: Mechanistic links between periodontitis and diabetes involve elevations in interleukin (IL)-1-β, tumour necrosis factor-α, IL-6, receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappa B ligand/osteoprotegerin ratio, oxidative stress and Toll-like receptor (TLR) 2/4 expression. INTERVENTIONS: Periodontal therapy is safe and effective in people with diabetes, and it is associated with reductions in HbA1C of 0.27-0.48% after 3 months, although studies involving longer-term follow-up are inconclusive. CONCLUSIONS: The European Federation of Periodontology (EFP) and the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) report consensus guidelines for physicians, oral healthcare professionals and patients to improve early diagnosis, prevention and comanagement of diabetes and periodontitis.
Risk factors associated with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy in Nekemte referral hospital, from July 2015 to June 2017, Ethiopia: case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension is the most common medical problem encountered in pregnancy and is a leading cause of perinatal and maternal morbidity and mortality. However, its magnitude and risk factors yet not adequately assessed at the study area. METHODS: Facility-based retrospective unmatched case-control study was conducted to identify risk factors associated with Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in Nekemte Referral Hospital just two years back from study period July 1, 2015, to June 30, 2017. Bivariate logistic regression was considered for inclusion in to the multivariate logistic regression. Finally, multi varaite analysis were done to identify risk factors of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. RESULTS: Among 6826 total delivery records from July 2015 -June 2017, 199 women developed hypertension during pregnancy. Among 199 women 153(76.9%) were pre-eclampsia/eclampsia,28(14.1%) were gestational hypertension, 14(0.7%) were superimposed hypertension and 4 (2.9%) were chronic hypertension. Age ≥ 35 (AOR: 2.51, 95% CI: 1.08, 5.83), rural residential area (AOR: 1.79, 95% CI: 1.150, 2.799), prim gravida (AOR: 3.39, 95% CI: 2.16, 5.33), null parity (AOR: 4.35, 95% CI: 2.36, 8.03), positive history of abortion (AOR: 4.39, 95% CI: 1.64, 11.76), twin pregnancy (AOR: 3.78, 95% CI: 1.52, 9.39), lack of ANC follow up (AOR: 3.05, 95% CI: 1.56, 5.96) as well as positive pre-existing hypertension (AOR: 3.81, 95% CI: 1.69, 8.58), positive family history of hypertension (AOR: 5.04, 95% CI: 2.66, 9.56) and positive history of diabetes mellitus (AOR: 5.03, 95% CI: 1.59, 15.89) were risk factors for hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: This study found that Women with hypertension during pregnancy have a greater risk of developing adverse pregnancy outcome as compared to normotensive pregnant women. so, identification of these risk factors would be useful for early diagnosis of hypertension disorders during pregnancy to give appropriate clinical monitoring and treatments and timely managing maternal and perinatal complications.
The IGF system in patients with type 2 diabetes: associations with markers of cardiovascular target organ damage.; OBJECTIVE: Perturbations in the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) system may contribute to the accelerated cardiovascular disease (CVD) that occurs in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, it remains unknown whether the IGF system is also involved in the development of early, subclinical CVD. We characterised the IGF system in T2D patients and matched controls and examined the associations with markers of subclinical target organ damage. METHODS: The study included 99 patients with recently diagnosed T2D and 99 age- and sex-matched controls. IGF-1 and IGFBP-1 to -4 were measured by immunoassays, as were pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) and the PAPP-A-generated N-terminal (NT) and C-terminal (CT) IGFBP-4 fragments, which are novel CVD risk markers. Arterial stiffness was evaluated by carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV). Cerebral white matter lesions (WMLs) and carotid artery remodelling were determined by MRI. RESULTS: After multivariate adjustments, patients with T2D had lower concentrations of IGFBP-2, IGFBP-4, NT- and CT-IGFBP-4, when compared with controls. IGFBP-2 was inversely correlated to PWV in all subjects in multivariate analysis (P < 0.05), and IGFBP-3 was inversely associated with severity of WMLs (P < 0.05). The NT-IGFBP-4 fragment was associated with the degree of carotid artery remodelling among all subjects (regression coefficient (95% CI): 2.95 (0.70, 5.16), P = 0.011). Levels of NT- and CT-IGFBP-4 were reduced in T2D patients receiving metformin compared to those in controls and patients not receiving metformin. CONCLUSIONS: Even in recently diagnosed and well-controlled T2D patients, IGF protein levels are altered and associated with CVD risk factors.
Impact of Educational Interventions on Knowledge About Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy Among Pregnant Women: A Systematic Review.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including chronic hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational hypertension, is the cause of about 50,000 deaths out of 400,000 perinatal deaths. HDP is an effective risk factor in stroke, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases like ischemic heart disease. There is a significant relation between HDP, lifestyle, and knowledge. Unfortunately, many studies showed that pregnant women have lack of knowledge about HDP. Therefore, the importance of educational interventions is, today, more acknowledged than before. AIM: The goal of this systematic review was to investigate the effect of interventional educations on the knowledge of pregnant women about HDP. METHODS: A systematic review of the related articles was conducted. We included English randomized controlled trials published up to December 2021, including pregnant women as population, HDP as the outcome, and educational interventions as the intervention. RESULTS: After the process of study selection, six articles containing 819 pregnant women were included in this study. Educational pamphlets, mobile-based application, a mixture of pamphlets, pictographic magnet and videos, and a combination of PowerPoint and data show projectors and conversation were the educational interventions in these studies. CONCLUSIONS: The positive effects of educational interventions on the knowledge of women with HTP were observed in all studies. The higher knowledge leads to HDP-related complications. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: https://archive.org/details/osf-registrations-gcs5r-v1, identifier: doi: 10.17605/OSF.IO/GCS5R.
Fetal nutrition and adult disease.; Recent research suggests that several of the major diseases of later life, including coronary heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes, originate in impaired intrauterine growth and development. These diseases may be consequences of "programming," whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period of early life has permanent effects on structure, physiology, and metabolism. Evidence that coronary heart disease, hypertension, and diabetes are programmed came from longitudinal studies of 25,000 UK men and women in which size at birth was related to the occurrence of the disease in middle age. People who were small or disproportionate (thin or short) at birth had high rates of coronary heart disease, high blood pressure, high cholesterol concentrations, and abnormal glucose-insulin metabolism. These relations were independent of the length of gestation, suggesting that cardiovascular disease is linked to fetal growth restriction rather than to premature birth. Replication of the UK findings has led to wide acceptance that low rates of fetal growth are associated with cardiovascular disease in later life. Impaired growth and development in utero seem to be widespread in the population, affecting many babies whose birth weights are within the normal range. Although the influences that impair fetal development and program adult cardiovascular disease remain to be defined, there are strong pointers to the importance of the fetal adaptations invoked when the maternoplacental nutrient supply fails to match the fetal nutrient demand.
Assessment of the Protective Role of Prenatal Zinc versus Insulin Supplementation on Fetal Cardiac Damage Induced by Maternal Diabetes in Rat Using Caspase-3 and KI67 Immunohistochemical Stains.; Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) affects early organogenesis. Metabolic disorders of DM are associated with a depleted zinc status. This study evaluated the effect of maternal DM on cardiac development of rat fetuses and protective roles of prenatal zinc versus insulin supplementation. Pregnant rats were divided into 4 groups ((I) control, (II) STZ-induced DM, (III) STZ-induced DM treated with Zn, and (IV) STZ induced DM treated with insulin), all sacrificed on GD 20. Fetal heart weight of diabetic rats showed significant decrease compared to controls (P < 0.05). H&E stained section of controls had normal appearance of the myocardium, compared to diabetics that showed myocardial disarray with characteristic degenerative changes. Sections of zinc treated group showed restored architecture of normal myofibrils with minimal degenerative changes, while those of insulin treated group show partial restoration of the normal architecture of cardiomyocytes with focal improvement of cardiac tissue. Caspase-3 immunostained slides showed positive cytoplasmic immunoreactivity in diabetic group. But KI67 immunostained slides revealed negative nuclear immunoreaction in diabetics. We observed that gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of fetal myocardial damage that might be caused by increased apoptotic level. Treating diabetic pregnant subjects with zinc and insulin was associated with improvement in myocardial integrity.
Magnesium in disease: a review with special emphasis on the serum ionized magnesium.; This review deals with the six main clinical situations related to magnesium or one of its fractions, including ionized magnesium: renal disease, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, diabetes mellitus, cardiac disease, and the administration of therapeutic drugs. Issues addressed are the physiological role of magnesium, eventual changes in its levels, and how these best can be monitored. In renal disease mostly moderate hypermagnesemia is seen; measuring ionized magnesium offers minimal advantage. In hypertension magnesium might be lowered but its measurement does not seem relevant. In the prediction of severe pre-eclampsia, elevated ionized magnesium concentration may play a role, but no unequivocal picture emerges. Low magnesium in blood may be cause for, or consequence of, diabetes mellitus. No special fraction clearly indicates magnesium deficiency leading to insulin resistance. Cardiac diseases are related to diminished magnesium levels. During myocardial infarction, serum magnesium drops. Total magnesium concentration in cardiac cells can be predicted from levels in sublingual or skeletal muscle cells. Most therapeutic drugs (diuretics, chemotherapeutics, immunosuppressive agents, antibiotics) cause hypomagnesemia due to increased urinary loss. It is concluded that most of the clinical situations studied show hypomagnesemia due to renal loss, with exception of renal disease. Keeping in mind that only 1% of the total body magnesium pool is extracellular, no simple measurement of the real intracellular situation has emerged; measuring ionized magnesium in serum has little added value at present.
Clinical manifestations of obstructive sleep apnoea in pregnancy: more than snoring and witnessed apnoeas.; Sleep disordered breathing and its symptoms have been associated with a multitude of fetal and maternal complications including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and possibly pre-term labour and other markers of alterations in fetal wellbeing. The disease remains underdiagnosed in the general population but likely also in pregnancy, mostly because providers do not appropriately screen for the disorder. Sleep disordered breathing may manifest differently in women, since women report more fatigue and less snoring than men do. This paper discusses typical presentations of sleep disordered breathing but also reports some less obvious presentations to help providers recognise those manifestations and screen for the disorder when warranted. Our case series describes patients with diagnoses such as chronic hypertension, pre-eclampsia, pulmonary hypertension, nocturnal asthma and panic attacks, who were diagnosed with sleep disordered breathing and offered treatment with CPAP during pregnancy.
Persistent pollutants: focus on perfluorinated compounds and kidney.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: There is increasing interest in the environmental and human damage caused by pollutants. Big efforts are continuously made to monitor their levels and identify safe thresholds. For this purpose, an essential step is to prioritize harmful substances and understand their effect on human body. Perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) deserve particular attention because of their wide diffusion and potential correlation with different diseases including glucose intolerance, hyperlipidaemia, thyroid diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension, testicular and genitourinary cancer as well as impaired kidney function. This review focuses on the renal effects of PFCs, with the attempt to clarify their occurrence and pathogenetic mechanisms. RECENT FINDINGS: We reviewed MEDLINE and EMBASE citations between 31 October 2017 and 31 May 2019 and selected human studies measuring PFCs exposure, kidney function markers and the ability of haemodialysis to remove PFCs from the circulating blood. It has been currently clarified that exposure to PFCs is linked with an impaired kidney function and that they can be removed by blood purification. SUMMARY: Further studies are required on the potential synergic negative effect of PFCs co-exposure with other pollutants as well as animal studies about the removal capacity of different haemodialysis membranes.
Therapeutic dimensions of ACE inhibitors--a review of literature and clinical trials.; In the 1970s, pharmacological therapy interrupting the renin-angiotensin system was considered beneficial for patients with high-renin hypertension. This gave rise to the development of ACE inhibitors. Surprisingly, the ACE inhibitors proved to be effective not only in patients with high renin hypertension, but also in many patients with normal levels of plasma renin activity. At present ACE inhibitors have a significant position in a wide range of chronic illnesses such as atherosclerosis, hypertension, myocardial infarction, diabetic complications, stroke etc. They are combined safely with drugs like angiotensin receptor blockers, calcium channel blockers and thiazides with varying degree of benefits. Though they are safe drugs, patients need monitoring for renal insufficiency, hypotension, hyperkalemia etc. The safety of these drugs in paediatrics patients is not established. It is better to avoid these drugs during pregnancy.
Maternal deaths in Denmark 2002-2006.; OBJECTIVE: To describe a method for identification, classification and assessment of maternal deaths in Denmark and to identify substandard care. DESIGN: Register study and case audit based on data from the Registers of the Danish Medical Health Board, death certificates and hospital records. SETTING: Denmark 2002-2006. POPULATION: Women who died during a pregnancy or within 42 days after a pregnancy. METHODS: Maternal deaths were identified by notification from maternity wards and data from the Danish National Board of Health. A national audit committee assessed hospital records of direct and indirect deaths. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal mortality ratio, causes of death and suboptimal care. RESULTS: In the study period, 26 women died during pregnancy or within 42 days from direct or indirect causes, leading to a maternal mortality ratio of 8.0/100,000 live births. Causes of death were cardiac disease, thromboembolism, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, Streptococcus A infections, suicide, amniotic fluid embolism, cerebrovascular hemorrhage, asthma and diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our method proved valid and can be used for future research. Causes of death could be identified and learning points from the assessments could form the basis of focused education and guidelines. Future complementary 'near miss' studies and cooperation with other countries with comparable health systems are expected to improve the benefits of the enquiries, contributing to improved management of life-threatening conditions in pregnancy and childbirth.
Deacetylation of Caveolin-1 by Sirt6 induces autophagy and retards high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis and atherosclerosis formation.; BACKGROUND: Atherosclerosis (AS) is the basis of diabetic macrovascular complications. The plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles transcytosis across endothelial cells (ECs) and deposition under the endothelium is the initiation step of AS. We previously reported that high glucose inhibits the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 and promote LDL transcytosis across ECs, which in turn accelerates atherosclerotic progression. Since Sirt6 is a chromatin-associated protein with deacetylation activity, whether it can regulate Caveolin-1 acetylation and regulating the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 remains elusive. METHODS: Autophagy and histone acetylation were assessed in the umbilical cords of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by immunohistochemistry. An in vitro model of LDL transcytosis was established, and the role of Sirt6 in LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells was clarified. The effect of Sirt6 on the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 under hyperglycemic conditions was explored in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic AS model established using the ApoE(-/-) mice. RESULTS: Caveolin-1 and acetylated histone H3 levels were significantly increased, while LC3B and Sirt6 were downregulated in the monolayer of the vascular wall from GDM and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Immunoprecipitation assays showed that Sirt6 interacts with Caveolin-1 and specifically mediated its acetylation levels. Immuno-electron microscopy (EM) further indicated that Sirt6 overexpression triggered the autophagic lysosomal degradation of Caveolin-1. ECs-specific overexpression of Sirt6 by adeno-associated viral vector serotype 9 (AAV9) induced autophagy, reduced Caveolin-1 expression, and ameliorated atherosclerotic plaque formation in STZ-induced diabetic ApoE(-/-) mice. CONCLUSION: Sirt6-mediated acetylation of Caveolin-1 activates its autophagic degradation and inhibits high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis. Thus, the Sirt6/Caveolin-1 autophagic pathway plays a crucial role in diabetic AS, and the overexpression or activation of Sirt6 is a novel therapeutic strategy.
'Healthy living' and sulphonylurea therapy have different effects on glucose tolerance and risk factors for vascular disease in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance.; This study was undertaken to determine whether impaired glucose tolerance and associated risk factors for cardiovascular disease can be improved with 'healthy living' by diet and exercise or with sulphonylurea therapy. Patients were recruited by screening subjects with either a family history of type II diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, or a previously raised plasma glucose (5.6-6.6 mmol/l). Impaired glucose tolerance was defined as hyperglycaemia on two separate tests, an achieved glucose level after a glucose infusion test above the 90th percentile of an age-matched normal population (> 9.3 mmol/l) or a fasting plasma glucose above the 95th percentile (> 5.6 mmol/l). Thirty-seven subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were entered into a randomized, prospective study for 6 months with allocations to healthy living or double blind to sulphonylurea (gliclazide 40 mg twice daily) or placebo tablets. The study took place in an out-patient setting, with three times weekly exercise sessions at a Sports Centre. After 6 months the placebo group showed no change in plasma glucose, cholesterol and blood pressure. The subjects receiving gliclazide showed improved glucose levels (mean fasting plasma glucose levels fell from 5.8 to 5.1 mmol/l, p < 0.05) but no significant change in plasma cholesterol or blood pressure. The healthy living group, after exclusion of four non-compliant subjects, showed no change in glucose levels, but a decreased systolic blood pressure (fall in mean from 124 to 116 mmHg, p < 0.05) and plasma cholesterol levels (fall in mean from 5.2 to 4.5 mmol/l, p < 0.01). with an increase in HDL:LDL ratio (rise in mean from 0.39 to 0.46, p < 0.05). Subjects with impaired glucose tolerance may benefit in different ways from gliclazide and healthy living. The metabolic responses to each therapy may help to decrease the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Defining the risk profile of women with stage 1 hypertension: a time to event analysis.; BACKGROUND: Chronic hypertension complicates up to 5% of pregnancies and is increasing in prevalence. Women with hypertension have increased risks of serious maternal morbidity and mortality in pregnancy, including the development of preeclampsia. In 2017, new guidelines reclassified blood pressure into the following 4 categories: normal (<120/<80 mm Hg), elevated (120-129/<80 mm Hg), stage 1 hypertension (130-139/80-89 mm Hg), and stage 2 hypertension (>140/>90 mm Hg). This new classification doubles the number of reproductive-aged women with hypertension. Furthermore, studies have demonstrated that women entering pregnancy with stage 1 hypertension have an increased risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy compared with their normotensive counterparts, but the time course to the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in these women remains uncertain. OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the risk of developing a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and the time to the development of these disorders in women with stage 1 hypertension vs both normotensive women and those with stage 2 hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of all patients from a single tertiary care center with singleton gestations from 2014 to 2016. Patients at prenatal visits before 20 weeks of gestation were classified into 3 blood pressure groups: normotensive (<130/80 mm Hg), stage 1 hypertension (130-139/80-89 mm Hg), or stage 2 hypertension (≥140/90 or a history of chronic hypertension). The primary outcome, time to the development of a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, was compared among groups using Kaplan-Meier curves and the log-rank test. Cox proportional-hazards models were used to adjust for age, race and ethnicity, pregestational diabetes mellitus, and body mass index. In addition, multiple secondary obstetrical, maternal, and neonatal outcomes were assessed. RESULTS: Of the 3000 women in our cohort, 2370 (79.0%) were categorized in the normotensive group, 315 (10.5%) were categorized in the stage 1 hypertension group, and 315 (10.5%) were categorized in the stage 2 hypertension group. The gestational age at diagnosis was significantly earlier in gestation among blood pressure groups (normotensive [38.7 (37.0-39.7)] vs stage 1 hypertension [38.0 (36.4-39.4)] vs stage 2 hypertension [36.4 (33.7-37.8)]; P<.001). When the analysis was restricted to only those patients diagnosed with preeclampsia with severe features, the same findings were observed. Women with stage 1 hypertension exhibited a 2-fold increased risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy compared with normotensive women. Compared with women with stage 2 hypertension, women with stage 1 hypertension exhibited a milder phenotype of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and exhibited significantly less risk of maternal and neonatal morbidities. CONCLUSION: Women with stage 1 hypertension are at increased risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at earlier gestational ages compared with normotensive women; however, their development of a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy is skewed toward milder diseases compared with women with stage 2 hypertension. These new insights into the graded risk profile of obstetrical hypertensive diseases associated with new blood pressure categories can better inform our antepartum counseling and monitoring and surveillance plans near term and in the postpartum period.
Comprehensive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) remains the leading cause of mortality in women. Historically, medical research has focused on male patients, and subsequently, there has been decreased awareness of the burden of ASCVD in females until recent years. The biological differences between sexes and differences in societal expectations defined by gender roles contribute to gender differences in ASCVD risk factors. With these differing risk profiles, risk assessment, risk stratification, and primary preventive measures of ASCVD are different in women and men. In this review article, clinicians will understand the risk factors unique to women, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and those that disproportionately affect them such as autoimmune disorders. With these conditions in mind, the approach to ASCVD risk assessment and stratification in women will be discussed. Furthermore, the literature behind the effects of primary preventive measures in women, including lifestyle modifications, aspirin, statins, and anticoagulation, will be reviewed. The aim of this review article was to ultimately improve ASCVD primary prevention by reducing gender disparities through education of physicians.
Role of vascularization in determining the time of hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy in the neonate.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the role of vascularization in determining the time of hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIEP). STUDY DESIGN: Brain sections of 126 neonatal autopsy cases were examined for edema, gliosis, congestion, inflammation and ischemia. Capillary vessels were examined with both reticulum stains and antibody against CD34. Vascular surface density (VSD) and number of vessels per stroma (NVES) were calculated by stereologic methods. RESULTS: Among 126 cases, 64 were male (50.8%) and 62 female (49.2%). In 25 cases HIEP was observed; 14 had a pregnancy history of hypertension, eclampsia or diabetes mellitus in the mother, with fetal distress or underdeveloped features. Statistically, NVES was strongly related to primary HIEP. However, the HIEP and non-HIEP cases revealed no differences in NVES and VSD means. CONCLUSION: Vascularization, especially NVES, helps in determining whether an HIEP case is pregnancy related or due to end-stage changes of dying, but is not an indicator of HIEP.
Maternal Cardiac Function in Pregnancies with Metabolic Disorders.; The obesity epidemic is growing and poses significant risks to pregnancy. Metabolic impairment can be associated with short- and long-term maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The cardiovascular implications are known in those with metabolic disorder outside of pregnancy; however, little is known of the cardiac function in pregnancies complicated by obesity. Maternal cardiac adaptation plays a vital role in normal pregnancy and is known to be involved in the pathophysiology of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Bariatric surgery is the most successful treatment for sustainable weight loss and pre-pregnancy bariatric surgery can drastically change the maternal metabolic profile and pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we discuss the available evidence on maternal cardiac function in pregnancies affected by obesity and its associated consequences of gestational diabetes and hypertension (chronic and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy), as well as pregnancies following bariatric surgery.
Tandem mass spectrometry analysis of urinary podocalyxin and podocin in the investigation of podocyturia in women with preeclampsia and Fabry disease patients.; BACKGROUND: Podocytes are highly differentiated visceral cells, and several related specific proteins, such as podocalyxin and podocin are potential tools for the evaluation of podocyturia. However, precise quantitation of podocyturia-related proteins is complex and often unreliable. METHOD: A reversed-phase ultra-performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass spectrometry method was developed and validated to quantify podocalyxin and podocin levels in urine supernatant by using specific cleavable peptides and standards. Urine samples from women with normotensive or hypertensive pregnancies, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, as well as treated and untreated Fabry patients, and gender-matched controls were investigated. RESULTS: The multiplex analysis shows that podocalyxin levels were higher than podocin levels in patients, the former being particularly higher in pregnant women. Women with preeclampsia had abnormal urine levels of both proteins with a higher sensitivity for podocalyxin. Slightly increased levels of podocin were also observed in Fabry males, while both proteins were increased in untreated Fabry females. Correlations were established between podocalyxin and podocin levels and clinical parameters associated with Fabry disease and preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: This methodology makes possible the precise, simultaneous and reliable analysis of podocalyxin and podocin levels, and offers a valuable tool for the evaluation of podocyturia.
Brain Dead and Pregnant.; The presence of pregnancy in a brain-dead woman is a rare circumstance. We present a case of a 31-year-old woman who was 22 weeks pregnant at the time of diagnosis of brain death after intracranial and subarachnoid hemorrhage. After a multidisciplinary approach, the decision was made to continue somatic support to maintain the pregnancy until optimal fetus viability. Cesarean section was performed after 11 weeks (33 weeks gestational age) of brain-death diagnosis with a successful delivery of a live infant. Management of brain-death complications during pregnancy is described.
LDL cholesterol in early pregnancy and offspring cardiovascular disease risk factors.; BACKGROUND: Vast amounts of data show associations between maternal obesity, dysglycemia, diabetes, and undernutrition during pregnancy and increased cardiovascular disease risk in offspring. However, elevated maternal LDL cholesterol (LDL-C) in pregnancy and offspring cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk has scarcely been studied. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to investigate the associations between elevated maternal LDL-C in pregnancy and CVD risk factors in 6-to-13-year-old offspring. METHODS: We recruited 6-to-13-year-old children whose mothers attended a pregnancy cohort and who had high or low cholesterol in pregnancy, defined as LDL-C over the 90th percentile or below the 10th percentile within the pregnancy cohort, respectively. We measured CVD risk factors in the children in the 2 groups. RESULTS: Maternal plasma LDL-C at gestational week 14 to 16 was 4.0 and 1.4 mmol/L in the hypercholesterolemic (n = 27) and hypocholesterolemic (n = 34) groups, respectively (P < .001). Interestingly, offspring plasma LDL-C was 0.4 mmol/L higher in children whose mothers had hypercholesterolemia during pregnancy (P < .01). We found no difference in birthweight or any other clinical or biochemical CVD risk factors or dietary intake between the children at 6-13 years. CONCLUSIONS: Women with elevated LDL-C during early pregnancy have offspring with higher LDL-C already at the age of 6-13 years. Unless cholesterol-reducing measures are successfully implemented, the affected children may be at increased cardiovascular risk.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with restless legs syndrome in pregnancy: A systematic review.; Restless legs syndrome (RLS) affects one in five pregnant women. This review aims to synthesise evidence regarding gestational RLS and its consequences on pregnant women and neonates. Search of Embase, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, Maternity and Infant Care and Scopus was conducted in July 2018 using MeSH headings and keywords for 'restless legs syndrome' and 'pregnancy' or 'birth'. Our search identified 16 eligible studies from 12 countries published between 2004 and 2018 concerning gestational RLS and one or more maternal, delivery or neonatal outcomes. The most consistent associations were observed between gestational RLS and increased risks of gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and peripartum depression. There were mixed findings for caesarean delivery, preterm birth and low birth weight, with the majority reporting no association with gestational RLS. Gestational RLS was not associated with postpartum haemorrhage, gestational diabetes, fetal distress, or low Apgar scores. Future research is needed to investigate whether effective treatment of RLS can mitigate these potential harms. Validated methods for diagnosing RLS in pregnancy would support research in this growing field.
Number of Children and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in Japanese Women: Findings from the Tohoku Medical Megabank.; AIM: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the second largest cause of death in Japanese women. Pregnancy and childbirth are events that put a strain on the cardiovascular system. When postpartum weight retention is insufficient, weight gain due to fat deposition during pregnancy might lead to obesity. Thus, we examined the effects of body mass index (BMI) in middle and older ages and the number of children on CVD and metabolic disorders. METHODS: From the Tohoku Medical Megabank database, we used data from 32,000 women aged ≥ 50 years. This database contains obstetrical history, medical history, and laboratory data obtained once from 2013 to 2015. RESULTS: The mean age of participants was 64.2 years, and 47.7% of women had two children. Compared with nulliparous women, those who had a higher number of children had higher BMI and systolic blood pressure. The prevalence of CVD was highest in obese class I (30 kg/m(2) ≤ BMI) women with three or more children and the prevalence of hypertension was high in pre-obese (25 kg/m(2) ≤ BMI ＜30 kg/m(2)) and obese class I women with children. Conversely, the prevalence of diabetes and proportion of women whose HbA1c values were ＞6.5% was highest in obese class I women with no children. CONCLUSION: In this study, we found that not only BMI but also the number of children influenced the health status of middle- and older-aged women, suggesting the importance of childbirth history in the health management of women.
Short and long term health effects of parental tobacco smoking during pregnancy and lactation: a descriptive review.; A great deal of attention has been focused on adverse effects of tobacco smoking on conception, pregnancy, fetal, and child health. The aim of this paper is to discuss the current evidence regarding short and long-term health effects on child health of parental smoking during pregnancy and lactation and the potential underlying mechanisms. Studies were searched on MEDLINE(®) and Cochrane database inserting, individually and using the Boolean ANDs and ORs, 'pregnancy', 'human lactation', 'fetal growth', 'metabolic outcomes', 'obesity', 'cardiovascular outcomes', 'blood pressure', 'brain development', 'respiratory outcomes', 'maternal or paternal or parental tobacco smoking', 'nicotine'. Publications coming from the reference list of studies were also considered from MEDLINE. All sources were retrieved between 2015-01-03 and 2015-31-05. There is overall consistency in literature about negative effects of fetal and postnatal exposure to parental tobacco smoking on several outcomes: preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, low birth weight, sudden infant death syndrome, neurodevelopmental and behavioral problems, obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, impaired lung function, asthma and wheezing. While maternal smoking during pregnancy plays a major role on adverse postnatal outcomes, it may also cumulate negatively with smoking during lactation and with second-hand smoking exposure. Although this review was not strictly designed as a systematic review and the PRISMA Statement was not fully applied it may benefit the reader with a promptly and friendly readable update of the matter. This review strengthens the need to plan population health policies aimed to implement educational programs to hopefully minimize tobacco smoke exposure during pregnancy and lactation.
The long-term outcome of retarded fetal growth.; Recent findings suggest that many human fetuses have to adapt to a limited supply of nutrients and in doing so they permanently change their physiology and metabolism. These "programmed" changes may be the origins of a number of diseases in later life, including coronary heart disease and the related disorders stroke, diabetes and hypertension.
Maternal Western diet programs cardiometabolic dysfunction and hypothalamic inflammation via epigenetic mechanisms predominantly in the male offspring.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal exposure during pregnancy is a strong determinant of offspring health outcomes. Such exposure induces changes in the offspring epigenome resulting in gene expression and functional changes. In this study, we investigated the effect of maternal Western hypercaloric diet (HCD) programming during the perinatal period on neuronal plasticity and cardiometabolic health in adult offspring. METHODS: C57BL/6J dams were fed HCD for 1 month prior to mating with regular diet (RD) sires and kept on the same diet throughout pregnancy and lactation. At weaning, offspring were maintained on either HCD or RD for 3 months resulting in 4 treatment groups that underwent cardiometabolic assessments. DNA and RNA were extracted from the hypothalamus to perform whole genome methylation, mRNA, and miRNA sequencing followed by bioinformatic analyses. RESULTS: Maternal programming resulted in male-specific hypertension and hyperglycemia, with both males and females showing increased sympathetic tone to the vasculature. Surprisingly, programmed male offspring fed HCD in adulthood exhibited lower glucose levels, less insulin resistance, and leptin levels compared to non-programmed HCD-fed male mice. Hypothalamic genes involved in inflammation and type 2 diabetes were targeted by differentially expressed miRNA, while genes involved in glial and astrocytic differentiation were differentially methylated in programmed male offspring. These data were supported by our findings of astrogliosis, microgliosis and increased microglial activation in programmed males in the paraventricular nucleus (PVN). Programming induced a protective effect in male mice fed HCD in adulthood, resulting in lower protein levels of hypothalamic TGFβ2, NF-κB2, NF-κBp65, Ser-pIRS1, and GLP1R compared to non-programmed HCD-fed males. Although TGFβ2 was upregulated in male mice exposed to HCD pre- or post-natally, only blockade of the brain TGFβ receptor in RD-HCD mice improved glucose tolerance and a trend to weight loss. CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows that maternal HCD programs neuronal plasticity in the offspring and results in male-specific hypertension and hyperglycemia associated with hypothalamic inflammation in mechanisms and pathways distinct from post-natal HCD exposure. Together, our data unmask a compensatory role of HCD programming, likely via priming of metabolic pathways to handle excess nutrients in a more efficient way.
PP108. Post-partum evaluation of the blood pressure and the kidney function in pre-eclamptic women.; INTRODUCTION: Recent data have shown that preeclampsia is not just a disease of pregnancy that resolves with delivery. Preeclampsia may be considered a 'risk marker' for later-life diseases, including cardiovascular and renal diseases and the metabolic syndrome. OBJECTIVES: We aimed a longitudinal prospective study to analyze the renal abnormalities in the post-partum. METHODS: We studied 127 post-preeclamptic women at 6 weeks post-partum. Twenty-four hour urine collection, ambulatory blood pressure and renal function were evaluated. RESULTS: The mean age (±SD) was 32±6years, BMI was 29.4±5.7, the race distribution was Caucasian 69%, Hispanic 14%, Black 12% and Orient 5%. Ten % were active smokers, 10% have been suffering from gestational diabetes. The mean duration of the pregnancy was 36 weeks 3/7±4. Our results show that the prevalence of hypertension defined by office blood pressure ⩾140/90 mmHg or ongoing antihypertensive treatment was 35%. The daytime ambulatory blood pressure (ABPM) was 122±16/85±11 mmHg, heart rate 84±8, and 111±20/75±11 mmHg at nighttime.Sixteen % had a daytime ABPM ⩾135/85mmHg corresponding to the definition of ambulatory hypertension. Ultrasensitive CRP was 4.9±5.1mg/ml, of them 31% had a frank elevation of the CRP >4. The glomerular filtration rate evaluated by the Gault-Cockroft equation showed a hyperfiltration with a mean value of 150±42ml/min. Eleven% had a decreased GFR < 90 ml/min. Microalbumine/creatinine ratio measured in the urine spot was 7 ±4. Mean microalbuminuria was 225±529mg/d measured on the 24h urine collection.Urine 24h Na excretion rate was 204±48 mmol/d. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, after the post-partum period, women having suffered from a pre-eclampsia display many cardiovascular risk factors with a high prevalence of hypertension, microalbuminuria, renal hyperfiltration and elevated CRP. These women should be carefully screened, and sub-groups with the higher risk have to be targeted for prevention and treatment, and close follow-up.
A Prospective Cohort Study of Prenatal Diethylstilbestrol Exposure and Cardiovascular Disease Risk.; PURPOSE: Prenatal exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES), a prototype endocrine-disrupting chemical, is associated with risk for adverse reproductive outcomes and cancer in women. We investigated whether cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk might also be greater in women prenatally exposed to DES. METHODS: DES-exposed (n = 3941) and -unexposed (n = 1705) women participating in the Combined DES Cohort Follow-up Study were followed prospectively from 1994 to 2013. Prenatal DES exposure (or lack of exposure) was documented in the birth record or physician's note. Participants reported by questionnaire any "serious medical conditions requiring hospitalization, surgery or long-term treatment," including coronary artery disease (CAD), myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke. We sought physician's verification of self-reports and identified CVD deaths from the National Death Index. Hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) from Cox proportional hazard regression models estimated associations between DES exposure and CVD incidence, adjusted for birth year, original cohort, and potential confounders. RESULTS: In comparison of the exposed to the unexposed women, the HRs for reported conditions were 1.74 (95% CI, 1.03 to 2.93) for CAD, 2.20 (95% CI, 1.15 to 4.21) for MI, 1.01 (95% CI, 0.54 to 1.90) for stroke, and 1.31 (95% CI, 0.93 to 1.86) for the combined conditions (i.e., total CVD). The HRs were similar for verified outcomes (CAD, 1.72; MI, 2.67; stroke, 0.92; and total CVD, 1.25) and with additional adjustment for hypertension, diabetes, and high cholesterol (HRs: CAD, 1.67; MI, 2.04; stroke, 0.96; and total CVD, 1.24). CONCLUSIONS: These data demonstrate associations in women who have prenatal DES exposure with CAD and MI, but not with stroke, which appear to be independent of established CVD risk factors.
Adverse obstetric outcomes in women with PCOS and multiple gestations.; RESEARCH QUESTION: Does multiple gestation alter the risks for adverse obstetric outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? DESIGN: Retrospective population-based cohort study using data from the HCUP-NIS from 2004 to 2014. A total of 14,882 women with PCOS, who delivered within that time period, were identified. The study group comprised women with PCOS who had had a multiple gestation (n = 880); the reference group was comprised of the remaining women with PCOS and singleton gestation (n = 14,002). RESULTS: In women with PCOS, multiple gestation increased the risks of pregnancy complications including pregnancy-induced hypertension (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.030; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.676-2.460), pre-eclampsia (aOR 2.879; 95% CI 2.277-3.639), pre-eclampsia and eclampsia superimposed on pre-existing hypertension (aOR 1.917; 95% CI 1.266-2.903) and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.358; 95% CI 1.114-1.656). Multiple gestation increases the risk of preterm premature rupture of membranes (aOR 5.807; 95% CI 4.153-8.119), preterm delivery (aOR 8.466; 95% CI 7.071-10.135), Caesarean section (aOR 5.146; 95% CI 4.184-6.329), post-partum haemorrhage (aOR 1.540; 95% CI 1.065-2.228) and the need for transfusion (aOR 3.268; 95% CI 2.010-5.314), as well as wound complications (aOR 3.089; 95% CI 1.647-5.794). Neonates born to mothers with PCOS and having multiple gestations are more likely to be small for gestational age when compared to singleton neonates born to mothers with PCOS (aOR 4.606; 95% CI 3.480-6.095). Among PCOS women with multiple gestations, obesity increased the risks of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension (P < 0.001), pre-eclampsia (P < 0.001) and wound complications (P = 0.045). CONCLUSION: These results highlight the importance of single embryo transfer and ovulation induction to develop a single follicle in women with PCOS. Obesity further increases obstetrical complications.
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in Gestational Diabetes: Analysis of Maternal Serum and Cord Blood Pairs and Comparison of Dietary- and Insulin-Dependent GDM.; The Objective of our study was to investigate the influence of dietary (dGDM) and insulin-dependent (iGDM) gestational diabetes (GDM) on BDNF blood levels of corresponding maternal-neonatal pairs and compare them to pregnancies unaffected by GDM. Blood samples from 293 maternal-neonatal pairs were analyzed. Statistical analysis was performed using multiple regression analysis for association of log-transformed maternal and neonatal BDNF levels in relation to GDM, gestational age, neonatal sex, and mode of delivery. This was followed by a 2:1 matching of healthy and diabetic pairs. Maternal and neonatal BDNF levels were lowest in the iGDM group, followed by the dGDM group and healthy controls (maternal: healthy 665 ± 562 (26-2343) pg/mL vs. dGDM 593 ± 446 (25-1522) pg/mL vs. iGDM 541 ± 446 (68-2184) pg/mL; neonate: healthy 541 ± 464 (9.5-2802) pg/mL vs. dGDM 375 ± 342 (1-1491) pg/mL vs. iGDM 330 ± 326 (47-1384) pg/mL). After multiple regression analysis and additional 2:1 matching neonatal log-BDNF was significantly lower (-152.05 pg/mL, p = 0.027) in neonates of mothers with GDM compared to healthy pairs; maternal log-BDNF was also lower (-79.6 pg/mL), but did not reach significance. Our study is the first to analyze BDNF in matched maternal-neonatal pairs of GDM patients compared to a metabolically unaffected control group.
In vivo mitochondria-targeted protection against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling in rodent hypoxic pregnancy.; Gestational hypoxia adversely affects uterine artery function, increasing complications. However, an effective therapy remains unidentified. Here, we show in rodent uterine arteries that hypoxic pregnancy promotes hypertrophic remodelling, increases constrictor reactivity via protein kinase C signalling, and triggers compensatory dilatation via nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms and stimulation of large conductance Ca(2+) -activated K(+) -channels. Maternal in vivo oral treatment with the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ in hypoxic pregnancy normalises uterine artery reactivity and prevents vascular remodelling. From days 6-20 of gestation (term ∼22 days), female Wistar rats were randomly assigned to normoxic or hypoxic (13-14% O(2) ) pregnancy ± daily maternal MitoQ treatment (500 µm in drinking water). At 20 days of gestation, maternal, placental and fetal tissue was frozen to determine MitoQ uptake. The uterine arteries were harvested and, in one segment, constrictor and dilator reactivity was determined by wire myography. Another segment was fixed for unbiased stereological analysis of vessel morphology. Maternal administration of MitoQ in both normoxic and hypoxic pregnancy crossed the placenta and was present in all tissues analysed. Hypoxia increased uterine artery constrictor responses to norepinephrine, angiotensin II and the protein kinase C activator, phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate. Hypoxia enhanced dilator reactivity to sodium nitroprusside, the large conductance Ca(2+) -activated K(+) -channel activator NS1619 and ACh via increased nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms. Uterine arteries from hypoxic pregnancy showed increased wall thickness and MitoQ treatment in hypoxic pregnancy prevented all effects on uterine artery reactivity and remodelling. The data support mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy. KEY POINTS: Dysfunction and remodelling of the uterine artery are strongly implicated in many pregnancy complications, including advanced maternal age, maternal hypertension of pregnancy, maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and pregnancy at high altitude. Such complications not only have immediate adverse effects on the growth of the fetus, but also they can also increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in the mother and offspring. Despite this, there is a significant unmet clinical need for therapeutics that treat uterine artery vascular dysfunction in adverse pregnancy. Here, we show in a rodent model of gestational hypoxia that in vivo oral treatment of the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ protects against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling, supporting the use of mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy.
Nucleated red blood cells in infants of mothers with asthma.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate whether the absolute nucleated red blood cell and lymphocyte count is elevated in term, appropriate-for-gestational-age infants born to women with asthma. STUDY DESIGN: We compared absolute nucleated red blood cell counts taken during the first 12 hours of life in two groups of term, vaginally delivered, appropriate-for-gestational-age infants; one group was born to mothers with active asthma during pregnancy (n = 28 infants), and the other group was born to control mothers (n = 29 infants). Asthma severity was classified according to the National Asthma Education and Prevention Program. We excluded infants of women with diabetes mellitus, hypertension, alcohol, and tobacco or drug abuse and infants with fetal heart rate abnormalities, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies. RESULTS: There were no differences between groups in birth weight, gestational age, maternal age, gravidity, parity, maternal analgesia during labor, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, and infant sex. The hematocrit level, red blood cell count, absolute nucleated red blood cell count, and corrected leukocyte and lymphocyte counts were significantly higher in the asthma group than in the control group. The platelet count was not significantly different between groups. The absolute nucleated red blood cell count correlated significantly with the asthma severity score (r (2) = 28%, P <.001). Backward stepwise multiple regression that included Apgar scores and gestational age showed a significant correlation of absolute nucleated red blood cell count with the presence of asthma and its severity (P <.001). CONCLUSION: At birth, term appropriate-for-gestational-age infants born to mothers with asthma have increased circulating absolute nucleated red blood cell and lymphocyte counts compared with control infants.
Reversible Second-Degree Heart Block Attributed to Ondansetron: A Rare Side Effect.; A primigravida at 36 weeks with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism and no prior chronic medical illness was admitted for safe confinement. A cesarean section was required to deliver the baby with breech presentation complicated by a slow progression of labor. Asymptomatic sinus bradycardia with a heart rate of 40 per minute was observed during the induction of anesthesia. Before bupivacaine administration for spinal anesthesia, she was administered pantoprazole 40 mg and ondansetron 4 mg intravenously. ECG recording showed a type 1 Mobitz second-degree heart block. Follow-up ECG showed progression of heart block to type 2 Mobitz second-degree heart block. The second-degree heart block persisted for 16 hours, during which the patient was asymptomatic, and the ventricular rate was maintained at a range of 60-80 per minute. After normalization of rhythm, the patient was observed in the ICU. She received another dose of ondansetron 4 mg intravenously for vomiting, and the heart block recurred. The rhythm disturbance was attributed to ondansetron. Her rhythm normalized after 36 hours, and she was subsequently discharged home three days later.
Exposure to the pesticide DDT and risk of diabetes and hypertension: Systematic review and meta-analysis of prospective studies.; BACKGROUND: Experimental evidence suggests that p,p'-DDE might be involved in the development of diabetes and hypertension (HTN); however, the evidence in humans is inconclusive. OBJECTIVE: To summarize the epidemiological evidence for the association of p,p'-DDT exposure and its breakdown products with the risk of diabetes and HTN from prospective studies. METHODS: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) statement. Eligible studies (prospective) were search in PubMed, Web of Science, EBSCO, and SciELO databases (July 11, 2020). Different search algorithms were used for diabetes and HTN. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) were estimated from meta-analysis with random effects for each exposure and outcome. RESULTS: A total of 23 prospective studies were included in this review, 16 assessed diabetes and seven HTN; very few measured p,p'-DDT. Exposure to p,p'-DDE was associated with a slightly increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) (pooled OR = 1.44; 95%CI: 1.00, 2.07; p = 0.049) and HTN (pooled OR = 1.21; 95%CI: 1.07, 1.38). Dose-response meta-analysis suggested a non-linear relation between p,p'-DDE and T2D. Exposure to p,p'-DDE was not associated with gestational diabetes (pooled OR = 1.01; 95%CI: 0.94, 1.09); similarly, p,p'-DDT was not associated with T2D (pooled OR = 1.03; 95%CI: 0.79, 1.35). CONCLUSIONS: Evidence from prospective studies suggests that exposure to p,p'-DDE, the main breakdown product of p,p'-DDT, might increase the risk of developing T2D; such increase may be apparent only at low levels. Exposure to p,p'-DDE may also increase the risk of having HTN; however, further evidence is required.
Cerebral infarction due to intracranial sinus thrombosis.; Four cases, two infants and two adults, of extensive thrombosis of the intracranial venous sinuses are described. Infarction of the brain had occurred in three cases. The first two cases presented as diabetic coma. The third case has been included to represent primary puerperal cerebral venous thrombosis. Extensive venous sinus thrombosis was seen at post-mortem examination in the fourth case, an infant who died suddenly, but there was no cerebral infarction in this case.
Platelet size: measurement, physiology and vascular disease.; Platelet volume is a marker of platelet function and activation. It is readily measured as mean platelet volume (MPV) by clinical haematology analysers using sodium citrate as the anticoagulant. Measurement in EDTA can be unreliable since MPV increases significantly in a time-dependent manner. MPV correlates with platelet function and activation, whether measured as aggregation, thromboxane synthesis, beta-thromboglobulin release, procoagulant function, or adhesion molecule expression. MPV is increased in certain vascular risk factor states, including hypercholesterolaemia and diabetes mellitus, but not essential hypertension. It is increased in acute myocardial infarction, acute ischaemic stroke, pre-eclampsia and renal artery stenosis. Importantly, an elevated MPV predicts a poor outcome following myocardial infarction, restenosis following coronary angioplasty, and the development of pre-eclampsia. Research into the epidemiology of MPV is now required to determine whether thrombomegaly is a risk factor for developing vascular disease. Similarly, the physiological mechanisms which regulate MPV within the megakaryocyte need to be elucidated. Whether MPV ever becomes a routinely requested test remains to be seen but changes in methodology will be required first.
Postpartum Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women Following Pregnancy Complications.; Background: Breastfeeding is associated with lower cardiovascular (CV) risk over the long-term, however, less is known about its immediate effects among women with a recent complicated pregnancy. The objective of this study is to investigate the short-term effects of breastfeeding on markers of cardiovascular disease risk among women ∼6 months after a pregnancy complicated by a hypertensive disorder, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, abruption, or preterm birth. Materials and Methods: Our cross-sectional analysis includes 622 women seen at 6 months postpartum (interquartile range: 5.7-6.7) between November 2011 and December 2017 at a tertiary care center. Self-reported breastfeeding status and measured CV risk factors were assessed at the same visit. CV risk factors were compared between women who did not breastfeed (n = 100, 16%), those who breastfed for less than 6 months (n = 315, 51%), and those who breastfed for 6 months or more (n = 207, 33%) using multivariate logistic and linear regression. Results: Increased breastfeeding duration significantly decreased the likelihood of metabolic syndrome (adjusted odds ratio [95% confidence interval; CI]: 0.89 [0.79-0.99]), abnormal fasting glucose (0.79 [0.64-0.96]), and ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (0.86 [0.78-0.95]). Furthermore, body mass index (estimated beta coefficients [95% CI] -0.10 [-0.18 to -0.02]), fasting glucose (-0.05 [-0.08 to -0.02]), triglycerides (-0.07 [-0.10 to -0.04]), and ratio of total cholesterol to HDL-C (-0.06 [-0.10 to -0.03]) also decreased with increased breastfeeding duration, while HDL-C increased (0.02 [-0.01 to -0.04]). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding is associated with decreased indicators of CV risk in a cohort of women with recent pregnancy complication.
The prevalence and clinical significance of fetal tricuspid valve regurgitation with normal heart anatomy.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to assess the prevalence, cause, and clinical significance of fetal tricuspid valve regurgitation in structurally normal hearts during indicated fetal echocardiographic examination. STUDY DESIGN: The prevalence of fetal tricuspid regurgitation was retrospectively evaluated in a group of 733 singleton fetuses referred for routine fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: The prevalence of this abnormality was 6.8%. Tricuspid valve regurgitation was most frequent in the group referred for fetal echocardiography to evaluate indomethacin exposure, followed by maternal diabetes. Factors associated with tricuspid valve regurgitation included ductal constriction, abnormal heart rhythm, atrial septal aneurysm, congestive heart failure, pericardial effusion, myocardial hypertrophy, and extracardiac malformations. Fetal tricuspid valve regurgitation was trivial in 80% (nonholosystolic, maximum velocity < 2 m/sec) and was significant in 20% (holosystolic, maximum velocity > 2 m/sec). Neonatal follow-up of tricuspid valve regurgitation was unremarkable. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal tricuspid valve regurgitation with normal heart anatomy was a frequent finding during indicated fetal echocardiographic examination and may indicate abnormal physiologic characteristics (increased preload or afterload, myocardial impairment, or arrhythmia). In the majority of cases (92%) the possible cause may be established. In other cases (8%) there may be "idiopathic" tricuspid valve regurgitation.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy: are outcomes the same in patients on antihypertensives?().; OBJECTIVE: To investigate differences in maternal and fetal outcomes among pregnant patients with chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensives for adequate control versus those who do not require antihypertensives. STUDY DESIGN: Single-site retrospective cohort study including pregnant patients with chronic hypertension from 2015-2018. Two groups included those who required antihypertensives versus those who did not. Primary outcome is composite morbidity: pregnancy loss after 20 weeks, IUGR, maternal death, maternal stroke or TIA, pulmonary edema, renal failure, hypertensive emergency, HELLP syndrome, placental abruption or delivery before 34 weeks. Secondary outcomes included development of severe features, indication for preterm labor less than 37 weeks, incidence of severe range blood pressures, and neonatal outcomes. Student t, chi square, and Kruskal-Wallis tests where appropriate. Logistic regression used to account for potential confounders. RESULTS: Study cohort included 117 on antihypertensives and 114 not on antihypertensives. Use of antihypertensives was associated with the composite primary outcome (Odds ratio [OR], 3.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.66-9.78). Use of antihypertensive medications was also associated with increased risk of prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, development of severe features, severe blood pressure during pregnancy, earlier mean gestational age at delivery, lower mean birth weight, and higher risk of NICU admission. Logistic regression analysis showed that the association between medication requirement and our composite primary outcome persisted even after adjustment for age, BMI, and presence of gestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: Our findings show an association between the requirement of antihypertensive medication use a significantly higher risk of composite primary outcome, prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, and the development of severe features.
Distribution and potential significance of intravillous and intrafibrinous particulate microcalcification.; Radiologic studies indicate that placental calcifications seen at 28-32 weeks' gestation are associated with adverse fetal outcome. One type of placental calcification is typically located at the basement membrane of chorionic villi. It has a fine particulate appearance and can only be seen microscopically. We have designated these calcifications as Intravillous and Intrafibrinous Particulate MicroCalcification (IPMC). In this study we examined the distribution and potential significance of IPMC. Placentas from 14 groups of fetal and maternal outcomes are examined histologically for IPMC. These groups were preterm birth, post term birth, intrauterine fetal demise, fetuses with non-reassuring heart rates, intrauterine growth restriction, fetal anomalies, mothers with gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, pre-eclampsia and placentas of normal spontaneous vaginal births and placentas with chorioamnionitis, chronic villitis and infarcts. We observed fine dust-like particulates deposited in continuous and discrete patches. The particulates were predominantly located in the basement membranes of fibrotic chorionic villi and in perivillous fibrin. Compared to placentas without adverse outcomes, a higher incidence of IPMC was seen in intrauterine fetal demise cases and in cases with infarcts which suggests that hypoxia played a role in the etiology of IPMC.
REPRODUCTIVE TOXICOLOGY: Impacts of paternal environment and lifestyle on maternal health during pregnancy.; Pregnancy represents a time of dramatic physiological adaptation by the mother in which dramatic changes in maternal cardiovascular, metabolic and immune systems occur. These adaptations, initiated from the earliest stages of gestation, are crucial for the implantation and continued development of the embryo, the establishment of the placenta and the growth of the fetus. Impairments in the normal adaptation of the maternal cardiovascular, metabolic and immune systems underlie the aetiology of gestational disorders such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Studies have shown that the development of such gestational complications not only affects the well-being of the mother but also the short- and long-term health of her offspring. While the connection between maternal lifestyle factors and the development of gestational disorders such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes has been studied in detail, the link between a father's lifestyle and the well-being of the mother during pregnancy has received less attention. In this review, we will explore the evidence that a range of paternal factors, such as age and diet, at the time of conception can not only affect the development of his offspring, but also the well-being of the mother during pregnancy. In addition, we will examine the sperm- and seminal plasma-specific mechanisms that connect the health of the father with that of the mother and his offspring.
Artificial Intelligence for Predicting and Diagnosing Complications of Diabetes.; Artificial intelligence can use real-world data to create models capable of making predictions and medical diagnosis for diabetes and its complications. The aim of this commentary article is to provide a general perspective and present recent advances on how artificial intelligence can be applied to improve the prediction and diagnosis of six significant complications of diabetes including (1) gestational diabetes, (2) hypoglycemia in the hospital, (3) diabetic retinopathy, (4) diabetic foot ulcers, (5) diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and (6) diabetic nephropathy.
Aorta structural alterations in term neonates: the role of birth and maternal characteristics.; AIM: To evaluate the influence of selected maternal and neonatal characteristics on aorta walls in term, appropriately grown-for-gestational age newborns. METHODS: Age, parity, previous abortions, weight, height, body mass index before and after delivery, smoking, and history of hypertension, of diabetes, of cardiovascular diseases, and of dyslipidemia were all assessed in seventy mothers. They delivered 34 males and 36 females healthy term newborns who underwent ultrasound evaluation of the anteroposterior infrarenal abdominal aorta diameter (APAO), biochemical profile (glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, HDL and LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, and D-dimers homeostasis model assessment [HOMAIR]index), and biometric parameters. RESULTS: APAO was related to newborn length (r = +0.36; P = 0.001), head circumference (r = +0.37; P = 0.001), gestational age (r = +0.40, P = 0.0005), HOMA index (r = +0.24; P = 0.04), and D-dimers (r = +0.33, P = 0.004). Smoke influenced APAO values (odds ratio: 1.80; confidence interval 95%: 1.05-3.30), as well as diabetes during pregnancy (r = +0.42, P = 0.0002). Maternal height influenced neonatal APAO (r = +0.47, P = 0.00003). Multiple regression analysis outlined neonatal D-dimers as still significantly related to neonatal APAO values. CONCLUSIONS: Many maternal and neonatal characteristics could influence aorta structures. Neonatal D-dimers are independently related to APAO.
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Deep Vein Thrombosis Among Adult Surgical Patients in Aseer Central Hospital, Saudi Arabia.; INTRODUCTION: Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) is a medical disorder that arises when a coagulation of blood forms in a deep vein, entirely or partially blocking veins, and commonly affects the lower limb. The occurrence is fairly common worldwide and it is said to increase with age, with males being at a higher risk than females. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to determine the prevalence and risk factors of DVT among adult surgical patients in Aseer Central Hospital in the Aseer Region of Saudi Arabia. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study involving 602 adult surgical patients hospitalized in the Aseer Central Hospital. Self-administered questionnaires were used to collect data from the respondents, and the data collected were analyzed using IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 24.0 (Released 2016; IBM Corp., Armonk, New York, United States). Statistical tests of association were used among the categorical variables. Association between variables was considered significant when p-value was less than 0.05. Binary logistic regression was performed to eliminate the effect of confounders in determining the risk factors for developing DVT among the respondents. RESULTS: The questionnaire response rate was 100%, with the mean age of the respondents being 44.2 ± 19.7 years. The prevalence of DVT was 7% (n=42). Obesity with adjusted OR (aOR) 17.9 (95%CI =5.39-59.18), hypertension with aOR 0.3 (95%CI =0.08-1.03), ischemic heart disease with aOR4.5 (95%CI =1.18-16.83), and orthopedics aOR 0.1 (95%CI=0.013-.240) were found to be independent risk factors for developing DVT among the respondents (p-value <=0.05). Other variables like diabetes, contraception, and pregnancy were not statistically associated with the development of DVT (p-value> 0.05) in these respondents. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study indicated a significantly low prevalence in comparison to Saudi Arabian research. Key risk factors included obesity (18x higher risk), ischemic heart disease, and hypertension. Surgery location, orthopedic cast, and Doppler ultrasound also influenced risk, while age and sex weren't significant predictors.
[The role of vitamin D in assisted reproduction techniques].; Vitamin D or calcitriol, which was first identified back in 1920, has a key role in bone metabolism and mineralization, and in calcium and magnesium homeostasis. A nuclear receptor (VDR) mediates vitamin D actions in a lot of organs like bowel, bone, kidney, breast, gonads, pancreas, brain, cardiovascular and immune systems. In all these tissues the 1,25(OH)2D play a fundamental role in reduction of chronic pathologies, in modulation of cellular growth, neuromuscular, immune and inflammation actions. Vitamin D is important in reproduction physiology and in development gynecological and obstetric disorders like polycystic ovarian syndrome, endometriosis, myomatosis, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Over the last few years, vitamin D has been suggested to have a role in assisted reproduction techniques.
Association of fetal heart rate short term variability pattern during term labor with neonatal morbidity and small for gestational age status.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the association of fetal heart rate short-term variability (STV) pattern during term labor with both neonatal composite morbidity (cord blood pH ≤ 7.10 and/or neonatal intensive care unit admission and/or Apgar score at 5 min <7) and small for gestational age (SGA) status. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort in a single academic institution between January 2016 and December 2018. A total of 1896 women that delivered a singleton during labor in cephalic presentation after 37 weeks of gestation were included (948 women with SGA neonates and 948 women with appropriate weight for gestational age (AGA) neonates that were matched to women with SGA neonates based on maternal age, parity, induction of labor, gestational diabetes, gestational age at delivery and a history of one cesarean section using propensity score matching). STV was compared at labor onset (cervical dilation ≤ 4 cm), in the first stage of labor (cervical dilation = 6 cm) and in the second stage of labor (cervical dilation = 10 cm). A generalized linear mixed model was used to assess the association between SGA status, neonatal composite morbidity and STV. RESULTS: After adjustment for maternal origin, term, gestational diabetes, labor length, SGA status was not associated with any change in STV during labor (mean adjusted STV: -0.20 ms, 95 %CI[-0.58-0.17], p = 0.284 at labor onset, 0.29 ms, 95 %CI[-0.1- 0.68], p = 0.155, in the first stage of labor and 0.36 ms, 95 %CI[-0.02-0.74], p = 0.065 in the second stage of labor). In case of neonatal composite morbidity mean adjusted STV was lower in the first stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: -1.29 ms, 95 %CI[-2.1 - -0.43], p = 0.003) and in the second stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: -1.15 ms, 95 %CI[-1.96 - -0.34], p = 0.005). The results were similar with the addition of delivery mode and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in the model or non-reassuring fetal heart rate and meconium-stained amniotic fluid. CONCLUSIONS: This work suggests that STV decrease during term labor is associated with fetal well-being, independently of fetal weight. This suggests that further prospective studies should consider the evaluation of this parameter in the prediction of neonatal compromise.
Glucose tolerance two years after gestational diabetes classified by old Swedish or new WHO diagnostic criteria.; AIM: To explore how introduction of the lower WHO gestational diabetes (GDM) glucose criteria in Sweden affected prediabetes/type-2-diabetes (T2D) incidence two years postpartum. METHODS: Women included in the PREvention of PostPartum (PREPP) diabetes study were diagnosed with GDM according to EASD 1991 criteria (GDM(OLD); n = 93) or only WHO 2013 criteria (GDM(WHO); n = 174). Both groups were further stratified by BMI, and BMI-matched normoglycemic pregnancy controls were included (n = 88). Postpartum assessments included oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) and anthropometric measurements. RESULTS: There was a higher postpartum incidence of T2D in GDM(OLD) versus GDM(WHO) (P < 0.001). Despite similar BMI, GDM(OLD) exhibited higher fasting and OGTT glucose levels, lower fat-free-mass, and hip circumference compared to GDM(WHO). In normal-weight women, both GDM groups displayed higher HOMA-IR and lower fat-free-mass compared to controls, with GDM(OLD) additionally showing lower HOMA-β, slower insulin release during OGTT, and worse glucose tolerance than GDM(WHO). Among obese women, the main differences were lower fat-free-mass and hip circumference in GDM(OLD). CONCLUSION: The lower glucose cut-offs during pregnancy resulted in lower postpartum incidence of T2D, irrespective of BMI. Fat-free-mass emerged as a key determinant in glucose levels across BMI categories, while lower beta-cell function played a significant role in normal-weight women.
Exercise and type 2 diabetes: American College of Sports Medicine and the American Diabetes Association: joint position statement. Exercise and type 2 diabetes.; Although physical activity (PA) is a key element in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), many with this chronic disease do not become or remain regularly active. High-quality studies establishing the importance of exercise and fitness in diabetes were lacking until recently, but it is now well established that participation in regular PA improves blood glucose control and can prevent or delay T2DM, along with positively affecting lipids, blood pressure, cardiovascular events, mortality, and quality of life. Structured interventions combining PA and modest weight loss have been shown to lower T2DM risk by up to 58% in high-risk populations. Most benefits of PA on diabetes management are realized through acute and chronic improvements in insulin action, accomplished with both aerobic and resistance training. The benefits of physical training are discussed, along with recommendations for varying activities, PA-associated blood glucose management, diabetes prevention, gestational diabetes, and safe and effective practices for PA with diabetes-related complications.
Maternal microvascular dysfunction during preeclamptic pregnancy.; Preeclampsia is a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy effecting ∼5-8% of pregnancies in the United States, and ∼8 million pregnancies worldwide. Preeclampsia is clinically diagnosed after the 20th week of gestation and is characterized by new onset hypertension accompanied by proteinuria and/or thrombocytopenia, renal insufficiency, impaired liver function, pulmonary edema, or cerebral or visual symptoms. This broad definition emphasizes the heterogeneity of the clinical presentation of preeclampsia, but also underscores the role of the microvascular beds, specifically the renal, cerebral, and hepatic circulations, in the pathophysiology of the disease. While the diagnostic criteria for preeclampsia relies on the development of de novo hypertension and accompanying clinical symptoms after 20-week gestation, it is likely that subclinical dysfunction of the maternal microvascular beds occurs in parallel and may even precede the development of overt cardiovascular symptoms in these women. However, little is known about the physiology of the non-reproductive maternal microvascular beds during preeclampsia, and the mechanism(s) mediating microvascular dysfunction during preeclamptic pregnancy are largely unexplored in humans despite their integral role in the pathophysiology of the disease. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to provide a summary of the existing literature on maternal microvascular dysfunction during preeclamptic pregnancy by reviewing the functional evidence in humans, highlighting potential mechanisms, and providing recommendations for future work in this area.
Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels of infants of diabetic mothers are correlated with diastolic dysfunction detected by tissue Doppler echocardiography.; Tissue Doppler echocardiography (TDI) is a convenient method to detect cardiac dysfunction in the infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is known to be higher in IDMs. We aimed to determine whether there is a relation between diastolic functions examined by TDI and cord serum IGF-1 levels of IDMs. Cord serum IGF-1 levels of 32 IDMs and 22 healthy infants were measured. The cardiac functions of the infants were evaluated by M-Mode and TDI. For statistical analysis, Mann-Whitney U and Spearman correlation tests were used for continuous variables, and the chi-square test was used for categorical variables. The cord serum IGF-1 levels of the IDMs were higher (p = 0.000). The left ventricle (LV) e', LVa', LV e'/a', and LV Tei index, indicating left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in IDMs, were detected (LV e' p = 0.016; LV a' p = 0.003; LV e'/ a' p = 0.000; LV Tei index p = 0.023). IDMs' cord serum IGF-1 levels were found weakly correlated with the interventricular septum (IVS) and left ventricle posterior wall (LVPW) thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' in TDI (IVS r = 0.357, p = 0.008; LVPW r = 0.289, p = 0.034; LV e' r = 0.297, p = 0.029; LV e'/ a' r = 0.031, p = 0.014). CONCLUSION: To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI. A weak correlation was found between IGF-1 levels and IVS and LVPW thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' parameters in TDI, revealing diastolic dysfunction in IDMs. WHAT IS KNOWN: • The umbilical cord blood serum IGF-1 level of IDMs is higher than in infants of healthy mothers. • Diastolic dysfunction is a well-studied and frequently observed consequence in IDMs. WHAT IS NEW: • This is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI. • A weak correlation was detected between the median cord serum IGF-1 level of IDMs and the median values of IVS, LVPW, LV e', LV a', LV e'/a' ratio.
The Diagnostic Yield of Fetal Echocardiography Indications in the Current Era.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to examine the diagnostic yield of current fetal echocardiography (FE) indications representing a recent era. METHODS: FE reports of all pregnancies referred to two provincial FE programs from 2009 to 2018 were examined, identifying the indication for FE (14 categories), gestational age at referral, and whether there was no fetal heart disease (FHD), mild or possible FHD (e.g., simple ventricular septal defect, possible coarctation), or moderate or severe FHD. RESULTS: Over the study period, there were 19,310 unique FE referrals in Alberta (23.3 ± 5.4 weeks' gestation), including 1,907 (9.9%) with moderate or severe and 654 (3.4%) with mild or possible FHD. The most common referral indications included extracardiac pathology or markers (29.7%), maternal diabetes (18.3%), suspected FHD (17.7%), and family history of heart defects (17.7%). The highest yield for moderate or severe FHD was suspected FHD (41.1%; 95% CI, 39.4%-42.7%), followed by suspected or confirmed genetic disorder (15.4%; 95% CI, 12.6%-18.2%), twins or multiples (10.6%; 95% CI, 8.7%-12.5%), oligohydramnios (8.0%; 95% CI, 4.1%-11.9%), extracardiac pathology or markers (6.4%; 95% CI, 5.8%-7.1%), and heart not well seen (5.8%; 95% CI, 4.0%-7.6%). Lowest yields were observed for maternal diabetes (2.2%; 95% CI, 1.7%-2.7%) and family history of heart defects (1.7%; 95% CI, 1.3%-2.2%). Excluding suspected FHD, with two or more FE indications, all other indications demonstrated significant increases in yield of mild or possible (3.5% vs 1.9%, P < .001) and moderate or severe (7.2% vs 2.9%, P < .001) FHD. CONCLUSIONS: Suspected FHD provides the highest diagnostic yield of moderate or severe FHD. In contrast, maternal diabetes and family history of heart defects, among the most common referral indications, had diagnostic yields approaching general population risks. Even in the absence of suspected FHD, having two or more referral indications importantly increases the diagnostic yield of all other FE indications.
Prenatal unilateral cerebellar hypoplasia in a series of 26 cases: significance and implications for prenatal diagnosis.; OBJECTIVE: To define imaging patterns of unilateral cerebellar hypoplasia (UCH), discuss possible pathophysiological mechanisms and underline the etiology and prognosis associated with these lesions. METHODS: In this retrospective study we reviewed the charts of 26 fetuses diagnosed between 2003 and 2011 with UCH, defined by asymmetrical cerebellar hemispheres with or without decreased transverse cerebellar diameter. The review included analysis of the anatomy of the cerebellar hemispheres, including foliation, borders and parenchymal echogenicity, and of the severity of the hypoplasia. Data from clinical and biological work-up and follow-up were obtained. RESULTS: Our series could be divided into two groups according to whether imaging features changed progressively or remained constant during follow-up. In Group 1 (n = 8), the progression of imaging features, echogenic cerebellar changes and/or hyposignal in T2*-weighted MR images were highly suggestive of ischemic/hemorrhagic insult. In Group 2 (n = 18), imaging features remained constant during follow-up; UCH was associated with abnormal foliation in three proven cases of clastic lesions, a cystic lesion was noted in three cases of PHACE (posterior fossa anomalies, hemangioma, arterial anomalies, cardiac abnormalities/aortic coarctation, eye abnormalities) syndrome and, in the remaining cases, UCH remained unchanged, with no imaging pattern typical of hemorrhage. In 24 cases the infant was liveborn and follow-up was continued in 23, for a mean period of 3 years. Among these, neurological complications were identified in seven (in one of seven (at a mean of 46 months) in Group 1 and in six of 16 (at a mean of 35 months) in Group 2). The surface loss of cerebellar hemisphere was > 50% in 19/24 fetuses and the vermis was clearly normal in appearance in 19/24. Predisposing factors for fetal vascular insult were identified in eight cases: these included maternal alcohol addiction, diabetes mellitus, congenital cytomegalovirus infection and pathological placenta with thrombotic vasculopathy and infarctions. CONCLUSION: UCH is defined as a focal lesion of the cerebellum that may be secondary to hemorrhage and/or ischemic insult, suggesting a clastic origin, particularly when imaging follow-up reveals changes over time. UCH may also be a clue for the prenatal diagnosis of PHACE syndrome. The amount of surface loss of cerebellar hemisphere does not correlate with poor prognosis. UCH with normal vermis is often associated with normal outcome.
Recent Insights and Recommendations for Preventing Excessive Gestational Weight Gain.; Recommendations for weight gain during pregnancy are based on pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI). Pregnancy is a risk factor for excessive weight gain and many endocrine problems, making it difficult to return to pre-pregnancy weight and increasing the risk of postpartum obesity and, consequently, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. Both excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) and obesity are associated with an increased risk of gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, shoulder dystocia, and neonatal macrosomia. In the long term, EGWG is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, particularly from diabetes, cardiovascular disorders, and some cancers. This study aims to present recommendations from various societies regarding weight gain during pregnancy, dietary guidance, and physical activity. In addition, we discuss the pathophysiology of this complication and the differential diagnosis in pregnant women with EGWG. According to our research, inadequate nutrition might contribute more significantly to the development of EGWG than insufficient physical activity levels in pregnant women. Telehealth systems seem to be a promising direction for future EGWG prevention by motivating women to exercise. Although the importance of adequate pre-pregnancy weight and weight gain during pregnancy is well known, an increasing number of women gain excessive weight during pregnancy.
Factors associated with the severity of neonatal subgaleal haemorrhage following vacuum assisted delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate factors associated with subgaleal hemorrhage (SGH) severity following attempted vacuum-assisted delivery (VAD). STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study was conducted in a tertiary medical center. The population comprised parturients who delivered at our medical center during 2009-2018, and who underwent attempted VAD with singleton pregnancies that resulted in neonatal SGH formation. SGH severity was classified as mild and non-mild (moderate or severe). The main outcome measures were determinants associated with SGH severity. RESULTS: Among 350 neonates with SGH, the degree of severity was non-mild for 48 (13.7%). Compared to the mild group, in the non-mild group, small for gestational age was more common (8.2% vs. 2.6%, p = 0.04). Compared to the mothers in the mild group, in the non-mild group, the proportion with two or more deliveries was lower (0% vs. 7.3%, p = 0.05), gestational diabetes was more common (12.5% vs. 4.6%, p = 0.02), the rate of cervical ripening was higher (27.1% vs. 12.9%, p = 0.02), the duration of the second stage of delivery was longer (mean 177 vs. 152 min, p = 0.04), and the rate of two dislodgments was higher (31.2% vs. 15.2%, p = 0.006). On multivariate analysis, only cervical ripening (adjusted odds ratio [OR]: 2.50; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.20-5.26; P = 0.01 and second stage duration (adjusted OR: 1.13; 95% [CI]: 1.00-1.29; P = 0.05) were independently associated with more severe SGH. CONCLUSIONS: The duration of second stage and ripening of the cervix during induction of labor are independently associated with SGH severity following attempted VAD.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy with co-incident preeclampsia: A cohort study of clinical risk factors and outcomes among commercially insured women.; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) and preeclampsia are strongly associated, yet a description of risk factors for PPCM among women with preeclampsia is currently lacking. Additionally, the effect of preeclampsia on PPCM-related outcomes is not well known. METHODS: We constructed a cohort of delivery admissions from 2011 to 2014 using a large US administrative database (Marketscan). We assessed risk factors for the development of PPCM among women with preeclampsia. We compared the risks of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) at 6 months between PPCM with co-incident preeclampsia (pePPCM) and PPCM without preeclampsia (npePPCM). RESULTS: We included 1,024,035 pregnancies, of which 64,503 (6.3%) had preeclampsia. A total of 874 had PPCM (283 with preeclampsia and 591 without preeclampsia). Among women with preeclampsia, clinical risk factors for PPCM consisted in chronic kidney disease (OR 3.18, 95% CI [1.51, 6.69]), multiple pregnancy (OR 2.11, 95% CI [1.49, 2.98]), chronic hypertension (OR 1.88, 95% CI [1.43, 2.47]), advanced maternal age (OR 1.82, 95% CI [1.42, 2.33]), and type 2 diabetes (OR 1.58, 95% CI [1.00, 2.48]). Women with pePPCM had a higher risk of MACE than women with npePPCM (adjusted RR 1.29, 95% CI [1.06, 1.57]) due to increased rates of clinical heart failure and pulmonary embolism in the pePPCM group. Mortality did not differ between groups. CONCLUSION: Preeclamptic women with risk factors for PPCM and women with pePPCM at increased risk of MACE should be followed closely. Further studies are required to determine whether preeclampsia affects the long-term prognosis of women with PPCM.
Embryonic and fetal programming of physiological disorders in adulthood.; In the past decade, data from numerous epidemiological studies have indicated strong inverse associations between birth weight and risk of coronary heart disease, hypertension, type 2-diabetes, and other diseases in adulthood. The "Barker hypothesis" thus postulates that a number of organ structures and functions undergo programming during embryonic and fetal life. This developmental programming determines the set points of physiological and metabolic responses in adult life. Alterations of nutrient availability during gestation may lead to developmental adaptations, via hormonal maneuvers by the embryo and fetus that readjust these set points. These adaptive measures have short-term benefits to the embryo and fetus, so that the newborn will be better prepared for the adverse environment (e.g., undernutrition). However, adequate nutritional support during postnatal life that enables catch-up growth may create metabolic conflicts that predispose the adult to aberrant physiological functions and, ultimately, increased risk of disease. It is plausible that other adverse in utero conditions, including exposure to developmental toxicants, may similarly alter adult disease susceptibility. This article provides an overview of the Barker hypothesis, its supporting evidence, the current advances in understanding the biological mechanisms underlying this phenomenon, and its implications for developmental toxicology.
Early Signs of Atherogenesis in Adolescents in a Havana Family Medicine Catchment Area.; INTRODUCTION Atherosclerosis is the common underlying cause of cardiovascular diseases; the leading cause of morbidity and mortality globally. It is a major contributor to disability and poorer quality of life and is costly to health systems, individuals, families and society. Early signs of atherogenesis are manifestations of atherosclerosis and known atherogenic risk factors occurring at young ages and detectable by health professionals. Early detection of such signs in children and adolescents enables actions to prevent short- and long-term complications. OBJECTIVE Detect early signs of atherogenesis in adolescents in Family Doctor-and-Nurse Office No. 13 of the Raúl Gómez García Polyclinic in Havana's 10 de Octubre Municipality. METHODS An observational, cross-sectional descriptive study was conducted: the universe consisted of 110 adolescents and, once exclusion criteria were applied, the sample was made up of 96 adolescents in the office's geographical catchment area. Variables included sociodemographic data; measurements from physical and anthropometric examinations (weight, height, body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, presence of acanthosis nigricans); maternal history of diabetes mellitus and hypertension, smoking during pregnancy; birth weight and duration of exclusive breastfeeding; lifestyle (physical activity, dietary habits by frequency of consumption of fruits and vegetables, salt intake, and smoking); and a history of atherogenic risk factors and atherosclerotic diseases (hypertension, diabetes mellitus, heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, peripheral arterial disease and chronic kidney disease) in adolescents and their families. The number of early signs of atherogenesis was determined. Descriptive statistics and a chi-square test, with significance threshold set at p = 0.05, were used to examine differences by sex and age. RESULTS A total of 62.5% of participating adolescents were female and the same percent of the total were in early adolescence. Prevalent risk factors were poor dietary habits (81.3%), passive smoking (54.2%) and sedentary lifestyle (45.8%). The latter was more frequent among female and adolescents aged 10-14 years. Prehypertension and active smoking were prevalent during late adolescence. Hypertension was the disease most often found in family history (91.7%). All adolescents had at least one early sign of atherogenesis, and 72.9% had ≥3 signs, noted especially in female participants. CONCLUSIONS The high prevalence of ≥3 early signs of atherogenesis in this study suggests the need to initiate primary prevention before onset of adolescence, and even prior to birth, using a gender perspective, to conduct educational interventions designed to change the risk factors highlighted in the study and reduce cardiovascular risk in adolescents. KEYWORDS Adolescents, adolescent health, atherosclerosis, atherogenesis, arterial occlusive diseases, early detection of disease, risk factors, Cuba.
Timing of puberty and fetal growth.; Children born small for gestational age (SGA: birth weight or birth length more than 2 standard deviations below the mean score) are at a higher risk of perinatal morbidity and mortality and of a number of chronic diseases in later life such as hypertension, decreased insulin sensitivity, diabetes mellitus type 2 and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The programming of the endocrine axes occurs during critical phases of fetal development and might thus be affected by intrauterine growth retardation. Studies in Northern Spanish adolescent girls have indicated associations between reduced fetal growth and the occurrence of precocious adrenarche, pubarche, hyperandrogenism, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and hyperinsulinism. These findings have attracted much attention because it might have serious consequences in later life. However, hyperandrogenism and precocious pubarche were not confirmed in a large Dutch study in short children born SGA. Two studies reported a lower number of follicles in the ovaries in girls born SGA, which might have an impact on fertility. Clearly, further studies are required before definite conclusions can be drawn. There are still only limited data concerning the timing of puberty in children born SGA. Most studies indicate that these children start their puberty at a normal age but relatively early within the normal range. Age at menarche seems comparable with controls. Data on duration of puberty, influence of puberty on attainment of adult height, peak height velocity during puberty and fertility are not yet known.
Letrozole-induced frozen embryo transfer cycles are associated with a lower risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Observational retrospective data suggest that an artificial cycle frozen embryo transfer may be associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy than a natural cycle frozen embryo transfer among women with regular ovulatory cycles. The corpus luteum, which is not present in the artificial frozen cycles, is at least partly responsible for this poor obstetrical outcome. However, an artificial cycle is the most frequently used regimen for women with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing frozen embryo transfer. Whether the risk of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy could be mitigated by employing physiological frozen embryo transfer protocols that lead to the development of a corpus luteum in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome remains unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the impact of letrozole use during frozen embryo transfer cycles on obstetrical and perinatal outcomes of singleton and twin pregnancies compared with artificial frozen cycles among women with polycystic ovary syndrome. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study involved women with polycystic ovary syndrome who had undergone artificial frozen cycles or letrozole-stimulated frozen cycles during the period from 2010 to 2018 at a tertiary care center. The primary outcome was the incidence of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. A multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to control for the relevant confounders. RESULTS: A total of 2427 women with polycystic ovary syndrome were included in the final analysis. Of these women, 1168 underwent artificial cycles and 1259 underwent letrozole treatment, of which 25% of women treated with letrozole alone and 75% of women receiving letrozole combined with gonadotropins. After controlling for maternal characteristics and treatment variables, no significant difference was noticed regarding gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal placentation, and preterm premature rupture of membranes between groups in both singleton and twin pregnancies. For birth outcomes, the prevalence rates of preterm birth, perinatal death, and birthweight outcomes were all comparable between groups in both singletons and twins. However, singleton pregnancies resulting from letrozole-stimulated cycles had a lower risk of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy than those conceived by artificial cycles (adjusted odds ratio, 0.63; 95% confidence interval, 0.40-0.98). Furthermore, a decreased risk of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy was seen among women with twin deliveries resulting from letrozole-stimulated cycles vs artificial cycles (adjusted odds ratio, 0.52; 95% confidence interval, 0.30-0.87). In addition, the cesarean delivery rate was significantly lower for singletons but not for twins in the letrozole group compared with pregnancies from the artificial cycle group (adjusted odds ratio, 0.63; 95% confidence interval, 0.50-0.78, and adjusted odds ratio, 1.20; 95% confidence interval, 0.65-2.23, respectively). CONCLUSION: In women with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing frozen embryo transfer, letrozole use for endometrial preparation was associated with a lower risk of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy than artificial cycles for endometrial preparation. Our findings provided a foundation that the increased risk of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy associated with frozen embryo transfer might be mitigated by utilizing physiological endometrial preparation protocols that lead to the development of a corpus luteum, such as a mild ovarian stimulation cycle for oligo- or anovulatory women.
The Association of Accelerated Early Growth, Timing of Puberty, and Metabolic Consequences in Children.; Accelerated early growth and early timing of puberty or pubertal variant have been noticed as risk factors for metabolic syndrome, more frequently observed in children born small for gestational age (SGA) or children with premature adrenarche (PA). Children with SGA, especially if they make an accelerated catch-up growth in early life, carry a higher risk for long-term metabolic consequences, such as type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular diseases. Furthermore, multiple studies support that these children, either born SGA or with a history of PA, may have earlier pubertal timing, which is also associated with various metabolic risks. This review aims to summarize the recent studies investigating the association between early infantile growth, the timing of puberty, and metabolic risks to expand our knowledge and gain more insight into the underlying pathophysiology.
[Breathing: Ambient Air Pollution and Health - Part III].; The third part of the DGP statement introduces the current body of knowledge on less studied health outcomes associated with exposure to ambient air pollution: the negative impact on metabolism leading to impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes as well as contribution to the development of neurodegenerative disorders and delayed cognitive function in children. Furthermore, prenatal exposure and adverse effects on mother and child are addressed. Finally, the currently discussed biological mechanisms underlying various health effects associated with exposure to air pollution are described.Differing, but often complementary biological mechanisms create the basis for the diverse health outcomes caused by air pollution. Oxidative stress and a subclinical inflammatory response in the lungs and on a systemic level ("low-grade systemic inflammation") are considered to be key mechanisms. They promote secondary alterations in the body, such as vascular or metabolic processes, and may also result in the currently studied epigenetic phenomena or neuroinflammation. In this context, the health significance of soluble particulate matter and the role of ultrafine particles translocated across biological membranes into blood vessel and transported via the circulation to secondary target organs, such as liver, brain or the fetus, are intensively discussed.Diabetes is one of the leading chronic diseases worldwide, with a prevalence of almost 14 % in Germany. Although lifestyle factors are the main causes, current evidence suggests that long-term exposure to air pollution may additionally increase the risk for type 2 diabetes. Supporting evidence for a causal role of air pollution is provided by studies addressing the regulation of the blood glucose levels in metabolically healthy participants, insulin sensitivity, or pregnancy-related diabetes. Experimental studies provide further support for plausible biological mechanisms. However, prospective studies are needed to gain more evidence, taking multiple lifestyle and environmental factors, such as green space and noise, and an improved individual exposure assessment into account.The aging population has an increased risk of neurodegenerative diseases. First studies point towards a contribution of chronic exposure to air pollution, specifically by particulate matter. Several studies report its association with decreased neurocognitive capacity or an increased prevalence of dementia or Alzheimer's disease in adults. However, the studies are inhomogeneous regarding design, exposure and outcome, leading to inconsistent results. With respect to the influence on neurocognitive development of children, first studies suggest an association between the level of air pollution, e. g. at school, and delayed cognitive development.Even though the evidence for the different biological endpoints during pregnancy is still heterogeneous, the studies generally point towards an adverse impact of air pollution on the maternal and fetal organisms. The strongest evidence exists for low birth weight, with small effect sizes of only some grams, and for a higher incidence of reduced birth weight (< 2500 g). An increased risk for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia underscores the possible impact of exposure to air pollution on the maternal organism. However, the current body of evidence does not yet allow a final conclusion on the influence of intrauterine exposure to air pollution regarding early childhood lung function and development of allergies, particularly in light of the fact that it is hard to distinguish in epidemiological studies between the effects of pre- and postnatal exposure.
Prevalence and determinants of retinopathy in a cohort of Lebanese type II diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to determine the prevalence and the risk factors for diabetic retinopathy (DR) in a cohort of type II diabetic patients in Lebanon. DESIGN: Prospective observational cohort study. PARTICIPANTS: Five hundred consecutive patients with type II diabetes mellitus followed at the American University of Beirut Medical Center diabetes clinic were enrolled in the study. METHODS: All patients 18 years or older with diabetes mellitus who did not have gestational diabetes and who were able to complete the laboratory data and the retinal examination were invited to participate in the study; they were followed up for a period of 3 years. RESULTS: DR was present in 175 patients (35%), 130 (26%), and 45 (9%) having nonproliferative and proliferative DR, respectively. Clinically significant macular edema was present in 42 patients (8%). Microvascular and macrovascular diabetic complications, duration of disease, glycemic control, presence of hypertension (p < 0.003), systolic blood pressure (p = 0.04), and insulin use (p < 0.001) were individually significantly associated with a higher prevalence of DR on bivariate analysis. However, on multivariate regression analysis, only glycosylated hemoglobin >7% (odds ratio [OR] 2.81, 95% CI 1.06-7.43, p = 0.038), duration of diabetes (per 10 years, OR 9.0, 95% CI 4.0-20.0, p < 0.001), macroalbuminuria (OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.14-5.96 p = 0.023), and systolic blood pressure (per 10 mm Hg, OR 1.27, 95% CI 1.0-1.56, p = 0.037) were independent risk factors for DR. CONCLUSIONS: The elevated prevalence of DR in type II diabetic patients with high risk profiles calls for early medical intervention and education about DR and its identified controllable risk factors.
Restless Legs Syndrome During Pregnancy and 12 Weeks Postpartum and its Links to Cardiovascular Diseases, Stressful Life Events, and Psychiatric History.; Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is highly prevalent among pregnant women. In the present study, a neurological-obstetrical sample of 561 postpartum women was retrospectively screened for RLS symptoms during pregnancy and in the first 12 weeks postpartum. The first screening took place within 1 to 6 days of delivery (T0) and the second 12 weeks after childbirth (T1). The pregnancy-related RLS prevalence rate was found to be 21% (n = 119), with the women suffering from RLS being more often affected by psychiatric history and having been more exposed to stressful life events. They were also found to have experienced baby blues more frequently shortly after childbirth. However, RLS in pregnancy did not appear to have any effect on the development of postpartum depression. Additionally, a positive trend was observed toward an association between pregnancy-related RLS and gestational diabetes and hypertension. Of the 119 women, 23 (19.3%) remained affected by RLS 12 weeks postpartum. Body mass index (BMI), weight gain, parity, childbearing history, or chronic stress exposure in pregnancy as measured by hair cortisol were not found to be linked to RLS. In summary, a comprehensive understanding of the interaction of clinical, environmental, and anamnestic factors can help shed valuable light on this pregnancy-related condition.
Fetal nutrition and cardiovascular disease in later life.; Recent finding suggest that many fetuses have to adapt to a limited supply of nutrients and in doing so they permanently change their physiology and metabolism. These 'programmed' changes may be the origins of a number of diseases in life, including coronary heart disease and the related disorders stroke, diabetes and hypertension.
Eosinophilic/T-cell Chorionic Vasculitis: Histological and Clinical Correlations.; Eosinophilic T-cell chorionic vasculitis (E/TCV) is composed of eosinophils and T-lymphocytes originating within chorionic vessels, radiating toward the intervillous space and away from the amnion in a fashion different from the fetal vascular response seen in amnionitis. Clinical significance and risk factors are not well established. We report four pregnancies (five infants, one triplet was spared) with E/TCV, gestational ranging from 23 weeks to term. All had concurrent acute chorioamnionitis, three had the typical acute fetal inflammatory response. One had placental fetal obstructive vasculopathy and an upper extremity reduction defect (radio-ulnar synostosis), the mother had pre-eclampsia. A second case involved 2 of 3 23 week previable triplets. Our third case had a metatarsus varus resistant to casting, the mother had gestational diabetes. The last case was a normal infant. We review the literature, discuss the clinical findings and present the histologic characteristics of this infrequently recognized lesion.
Prenatal arsenic exposure alters gene expression in the adult liver to a proinflammatory state contributing to accelerated atherosclerosis.; The mechanisms by which environmental toxicants alter developmental processes predisposing individuals to adult onset chronic disease are not well-understood. Transplacental arsenic exposure promotes atherogenesis in apolipoprotein E-knockout (ApoE(-/-)) mice. Because the liver plays a central role in atherosclerosis, diabetes and metabolic syndrome, we hypothesized that accelerated atherosclerosis may be linked to altered hepatic development. This hypothesis was tested in ApoE(-/-) mice exposed to 49 ppm arsenic in utero from gestational day (GD) 8 to term. GD18 hepatic arsenic was 1.2 µg/g in dams and 350 ng/g in fetuses. The hepatic transcriptome was evaluated by microarray analysis to assess mRNA and microRNA abundance in control and exposed pups at postnatal day (PND) 1 and PND70. Arsenic exposure altered postnatal developmental trajectory of mRNA and microRNA profiles. We identified an arsenic exposure related 51-gene signature at PND1 and PND70 with several hubs of interaction (Hspa8, IgM and Hnf4a). Gene ontology (GO) annotation analyses indicated that pathways for gluconeogenesis and glycolysis were suppressed in exposed pups at PND1, and pathways for protein export, ribosome, antigen processing and presentation, and complement and coagulation cascades were induced by PND70. Promoter analysis of differentially-expressed transcripts identified enriched transcription factor binding sites and clustering to common regulatory sites. SREBP1 binding sites were identified in about 16% of PND70 differentially-expressed genes. Western blot analysis confirmed changes in the liver at PND70 that included increases of heat shock protein 70 (Hspa8) and active SREBP1. Plasma AST and ALT levels were increased at PND70. These results suggest that transplacental arsenic exposure alters developmental programming in fetal liver, leading to an enduring stress and proinflammatory response postnatally that may contribute to early onset of atherosclerosis. Genes containing SREBP1 binding sites also suggest pathways for diabetes mellitus and rheumatoid arthritis, both diseases that contribute to increased cardiovascular disease in humans.
New concepts in extracellular signaling for insulin action: the single gateway hypothesis.; Insulin resistance is a precursor to and primary cause of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, insulin resistance is associated with other chronic diseases, including gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Resistance to insulin's effects on carbohydrate metabolism include diminished actions of insulin to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production. This chapter introduces new concepts related to the mechanism by which insulin stimulates glucose utilization in vivo and demonstrates that these processes are mechanistically linked to glucose production. Insulin acts rapidly in vitro to stimulate glucose uptake; in contrast, its effects in vivo are relatively slow in the conscious animal or human subject. The explanation for this difference between in vitro and in vivo dynamics is the delay associated with insulin transport across capillary endothelium of insulin-sensitive tissues (primarily muscle). Also, interstitial insulin is attenuated in concentration compared to plasma insulin at basal as well as under hyperinsulinemic conditions (plasma:interstitial ratio, 3:2). The sluggishness of insulin action and the attenuation in insulin concentration can be explained by a model in which transendothelial insulin transport is restricted and interstitial insulin binds to insulin-sensitive cells, where the hormone is internalized and degraded. Whether insulin transport occurs by a hormone-specific mechanism (i.e., via receptors on endothelial cells) was tested by comparing transport at physiological with pharmacological insulin concentrations-evidence supports a nonspecific mechanism of transport across endothelium (i.e., diffusion or transcytosis). Transendothelial transport alters the in vivo patterns of insulin signaling-biphasic plasma insulin after glucose injection is reflected in a simple, rapid increase in interstitial insulin to an elevated concentration. The time course of insulin's effect to suppress endogenous glucose output is a mirror image of its effect to enhance glucose uptake; however, there is no transendothelial barrier to insulin action at the liver. The similarity in action dynamics at periphery and liver was explained by a mechanism in which insulin crosses into peripheral tissue and alters a "second (blood-borne) signal" that, in turn, suppresses liver glucose production. Of various possible alternative candidates for the second signal, declining plasma free fatty acids appear to signal suppression of glucose production. We have proposed the "single gateway hypothesis" to explain insulin's action on carbohydrate metabolism in vivo: insulin crosses the endothelial boundary in skeletal muscle (to stimulate glucose disposal) and traverses the endothelial barrier in adipose tissue to suppress lipolysis. The declining free fatty acids are proposed to be a major factor in the insulin-mediated decline in glucose output. This mechanism can be contrasted with the classical concept that portal insulin controls the liver directly. Recent evidence supports the concept that, under normal levels of glucagonemia, less than 25% of the suppression of hepatic glucose output by insulin is due to a direct effect of insulin via the portal vein and that most of the effect (approximately 75%) is explained by the indirect single gateway mechanism. These results raise the question of whether hepatic insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes can be explained by insulin resistance at the adipocyte, which causes a failure of reduction of FFA by insulin, leading to overproduction of glucose by the liver. The possible role of the single gateway mechanism in diabetes is under investigation.
Birthweight, maternal weight trajectories and global DNA methylation of LINE-1 repetitive elements.; Low birthweight, premature birth, intrauterine growth retardation, and maternal malnutrition have been related to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, and neuropsychiatric disorders later in life. Conversely, high birthweight has been linked to future risk of cancer. Global DNA methylation estimated by the methylation of repetitive sequences in the genome is an indicator of susceptibility to chronic diseases. We used data and biospecimens from an epigenetic birth cohort to explore the association between trajectories of fetal and maternal weight and LINE-1 methylation in 319 mother-child dyads. Newborns with low or high birthweight had significantly lower LINE-1 methylation levels in their cord blood compared to normal weight infants after adjusting for gestational age, sex of the child, maternal age at delivery, and maternal smoking during pregnancy (p = 0.007 and p = 0.036, respectively), but the magnitude of the difference was small. Infants born prematurely also had lower LINE-1 methylation levels in cord blood compared to term infants, and this difference, though small, was statistically significant (p = 0.004). We did not find important associations between maternal prepregnancy BMI or gestational weight gain and global methylation of the cord blood or fetal placental tissue. In conclusion, we found significant differences in cord blood LINE-1 methylation among newborns with low and high birthweight as well as among prematurely born infants. Future studies may elucidate whether chromosomal instabilities or other functional consequences of these changes contribute to the increased risk of chronic diseases among individuals with these characteristics.
Cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents born preterm.; BACKGROUND: Adolescents and adults born as small preterm infants show more pronounced risk factors of cardiovascular disease. Whether similar risks apply across all degrees of preterm birth is poorly known. METHODS: We studied the association between preterm birth and cardiovascular risk factors in 6642 16-year-old adolescents of the population-based Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986. Of these, 79 (1.2%) were born at <34 gestational weeks (early preterm), 238 (3.6%) at 34 to 36 weeks (late preterm), and 6325 at term (controls). RESULTS: Girls born early preterm had 6.7 mm Hg (95% confidence interval: 3.1-10.2) higher systolic blood pressure (BP) and 3.5 mm Hg (1.1-5.8) higher diastolic BP, but no difference in serum lipid levels compared with control girls. Boys showed no differences in BP, but boys born early preterm had 6.7% (0.2%-13.7%) higher total cholesterol, 11.7% (2.1%-22.3%) higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and 12.3% (3.1%-22.4%) higher apolipoprotein B concentrations. The differences were similar (BP) or stronger (lipids) when adjusted for maternal smoking, birth weight SD score, parental education, pubertal stage, BMI, and lifestyle. There were similar associations with length of gestation as a continuous variable. Accordingly, mean differences between late preterm and controls were in the same direction but weaker, although most were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm birth was associated with elevated BP in adolescent girls and an atherogenic lipid profile in boys. Because these associations were strongest among those born early preterm, our findings are consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter length of gestation and cardiovascular risk factors.
Association of Antenatal Corticosteroids With Mortality, Morbidity, and Neurodevelopmental Outcomes in Extremely Preterm Multiple Gestation Infants.; IMPORTANCE: Little is known about the effects of antenatal corticosteroids (ANS) on extremely preterm multiples. OBJECTIVE: To examine if use of ANS is associated with improvement in major outcomes in extremely preterm multiples. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Infants with a gestational age between 22 and 28 weeks born at a National Institute of Child Health and Human Development Neonatal Research Network center were studied between January 1998 and December 2013. Generalized estimating equation models were used to generate adjusted relative risks (aRR) controlling for important maternal and neonatal variables. EXPOSURE: Antenatal corticosteroids. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: In-hospital mortality and the composite outcome of neurodevelopmental impairment at 18 to 22 months' corrected age or death before assessment. RESULTS: A total of 6925 multiple-birth infants were studied; 5775 of 6925 (83.4%) were twins, and 4276 (61.7%) were white. Of the total study population, 6094 (88%) were born to women who received ANS. In-hospital mortality was lower among infants with exposure to ANS vs no exposure (aRR = 0.87; 95% CI, 0.78-0.96). Neurodevelopmental impairment or death was not significantly lower among those exposed to ANS vs no exposure (aRR = 0.93; 95% CI, 0.84-1.03). Other adverse outcomes that occurred less frequently among infants of women receiving ANS included severe intraventricular hemorrhage (aRR = 0.68; 95% CI, 0.58-0.78) and the combined outcomes of necrotizing enterocolitis or death and severe intraventricular hemorrhage or death. Subgroup analyses indicated that exposure to ANS was associated with a lower risk of mortality and a lower composite of neurodevelopmental impairment or mortality among nonsmall for gestational age multiples (aRR = 0.82; 95% CI, 0.74-0.92; and aRR = 0.89; 95% CI, 0.80-0.98, respectively) and a higher risk among small for gestational age multiples (aRR = 1.40; 95% CI, 1.02-1.93; and aRR = 1.62; 95% CI, 1.22-2.16, respectively). Antenatal corticosteroids were associated with higher neurodevelopmental impairment or mortality among multiple-birth infants of mothers with diabetes (aRR = 1.55; 95% CI, 1.00-2.38) but not among infants of mothers without diabetes (aRR = 0.91; 95% CI, 0.83-1.01). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Compared with no exposure, exposure to ANS was associated with a lower risk of mortality in extremely preterm multiples, with no significant differences in the composite of neurodevelopmental impairment or death. Future research should investigate the increased risks of mortality and the composite of neurodevelopmental impairment or death associated with exposure to corticosteroids among small for gestational age multiples.
Urinary excretion of 2,3-dinor-thromboxane B2 in man under normal conditions, following drugs and during some pathological conditions.; Quantitation of 2,3-dinor-thromboxane B2 (2,3-dinor-TxB2) was performed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. Under normal conditions the urinary excretion of 2,3-dinor-TxB2 was relatively constant in the same individual from day to day but during a 24-hour period a somewhat higher excretion rate was found during the first few hours after awakening. A pronounced reduction of the urinary excretion of 2,3-dinor-TxB2 was found after oral administration of 500 mg of aspirin or 50 mg of indomethacin, while 500 mg of paracetamol did not affect the urinary excretion. Increased excretion of 2,3-dinor-TxB2 was found in normal pregnancies and in diseases such as diabetes mellitus and homocysteinuria in comparison to the urinary excretion in normal healthy subjects. We also report one case, where the urinary excretion of 2,3-dinor-TxB2 was increased for a short period following the first symptoms of a myocardial infarction and those data indicate that thromboxane A2 (TxA2) may be of pathophysiological importance in human myocardial infarction. The results strongly indicate that measurements of the urinary excretion of 2,3-dinor-TxB2 should be meaningful as a tool for investigation of the involvement of thromboxane in various pathophysiological processes in vivo in man.
Effects of low-dose aspirin on uterine and fetal blood flow during pregnancy: results of a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial.; OBJECTIVE: This study was conducted to evaluate uteroplacental and fetal hemodynamics in fetuses exposed to low-dose aspirin (100 mg/d). DESIGN: Randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial. SUBJECTS: The study protocol included singleton pregnancies of less than 20 gestational weeks at risk for pre-eclampsia or fetal growth restriction. Exclusion criteria were diabetes mellitus, pre-existing proteinuric hypertension or fetal malformations. Forty-three pregnant women were randomly allocated to daily treatment with 100 mg aspirin (n = 22) or placebo (n = 21). METHODS: Pulsed Doppler measurements of the uterine artery, fetal middle cerebral artery, fetal aorta, ductus arteriosus and atrioventricular valves were performed longitudinally at 14 day intervals starting from 18 gestational weeks until delivery. Results were expressed as group medians (aspirin vs. placebo) and were analyzed by Mann-Whitney U-test. RESULTS: There was no difference in uterine, umbilical, aortic, middle cerebral and ductus arteriosus blood flow between the aspirin group and controls. Median ductal peak flow velocities increased with gestational age in both groups, but differences between groups did not reach significance. In the third trimester of pregnancy, ductal peak velocities > 140 cm/s were occasionally observed in both groups. However, end diastolic velocities > 35 cm/s or atrioventricular valve regurgitation never occurred. CONCLUSIONS: Daily administration of low-dose aspirin during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy does not alter uteroplacental or fetoplacental hemodynamics and does not cause moderate or severe constriction of the ductus arteriosus.
DNA methylation changes in cord blood and the developmental origins of health and disease - a systematic review and replication study.; BACKGROUND: Environmental exposures in utero which modify DNA methylation may have a long-lasting impact on health and disease in offspring. We aimed to identify and replicate previously published genomic loci where DNA methylation changes are attributable to in utero exposures in the NutriGen birth cohort studies Alliance. METHODS: We reviewed the literature to identify differentially methylated sites of newborn DNA which are associated with the following five traits of interest maternal diabetes, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), diet during pregnancy, smoking, and gestational age. We then attempted to replicate these published associations in the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) and the South Asian birth cohort (START) cord blood epigenome-wide data. RESULTS: We screened 68 full-text articles and identified a total of 17 cord blood epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of the traits of interest. Out of the 290 CpG sites reported, 19 were identified in more than one study; all of them associated with maternal smoking. In CHILD and START EWAS, thousands of sites associated with gestational age were identified and maintained significance after correction for multiple testing. In CHILD, there was differential methylation observed for 8 of the published maternal smoking sites. No other traits tested (i.e., folate levels, gestational diabetes, birthweight) replicated in the CHILD or START cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal smoking during pregnancy and gestational age are strongly associated with differential methylation in offspring cord blood, as assessed in the EWAS literature and our birth cohorts. There are a limited number of reported methylation sites associated in more than two independent studies related to pregnancy. Additional large studies of diverse populations with fine phenotyping are needed to produce robust epigenome-wide data in order to further elucidate the effect of intrauterine exposures on the infants' methylome.
Urapidil. A reappraisal of its use in the management of hypertension.; Urapidil is a peripheral postsynaptic alpha 1-adrenoceptor antagonist with central agonistic action at serotonin 5-HT1A receptors. It reduces blood pressure by decreasing peripheral vascular resistance. Oral urapidil decreases blood pressure in patients with mild to moderate essential hypertension and associated risk factors such as hyperlipidaemia or type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus with no effect on heart rate. The antihypertensive efficacy of urapidil is similar to that of most comparators in patients with mild to moderate essential or secondary hypertension and no concomitant risk factors. However, the antihypertensive efficacy of urapidil was lower than that of hydrochlorothiazide in a well designed trial. Lipid levels and glucose metabolism are not adversely affected and may improve with urapidil in patients with lipid or glucose abnormalities. Urapidil can be safely combined with other antihypertensive agents such as hydrochlorothiazide and nifedipine and improves blood pressure control in previous nonresponders to monotherapy. Intravenous urapidil reduces blood pressure in patients with pre-eclampsia or hypertension in pregnancy and in patients with hypertensive crises or peri- or postoperative hypertension. The decrease in blood pressure is similar to that observed after nifedipine, enalaprilat, sodium nitroprusside and dihydralazine, greater than that of ketanserin according to 1 larger study, and greater than that of sublingual nitroglycerin in 1 trial in patients with nonsurgical hypertensive crises and pulmonary oedema. However, more patients responded to treatment with urapidil than with enalaprilat or nifedipine. Heart rate is less likely to be altered by urapidil than with some comparator drugs. Urapidil appears to be well tolerated, with most adverse events being mild and transient. The incidence of adverse events with urapidil is similar to that with prazosin, metoprolol, atenolol, sodium nitroprusside and hydrochlorothiazide and less than that with nifedipine and clonidine. Urapidil may not be as well tolerated as captopril and, in 1 study, more urapidil than nitrendipine recipients discontinued treatment because of adverse events. CONCLUSIONS: urapidil reduces blood pressure without altering heart rate. The oral formulation is an effective choice in patients with hypertension and concomitant dyslipidaemia or type 2 diabetes mellitus, in whom the drug does not adversely affect and may improve lipid profiles and glucose metabolism. The intravenous formulation is effective in controlling various hypertensive crises and hypertension associated with pregnancy or surgery and is similar to or better than other first-line agents used in these conditions. Thus, urapidil may be a useful alternative to currently available antihypertensive agents.
Frequency of vascular and pregnancy morbidity in patients with low vs. moderate-to-high titers of antiphospholipid antibodies.; Antiphospholipid syndrome (APLS) is an autoimmune hypercoagulable syndrome characterized by thrombotic and obstetric manifestations. We sought to determine the rate of APLS feature in patients tested positive for antiphospholipid antibodies (APLA) regardless of the serum level of anticardiolipin (ACL) and/or anti-β2-glycoprotein I (β2GPI) antibodies. An inception cohort of individuals who were tested positive for ACL and/or β2GPI IgG/IgM antibody, and/or lupus anticoagulant (LAC) on two occasions of at least 12 weeks apart. A total of 243 patients were included; their mean age was 40.1 ± 15.9 years. Thrombotic vascular events occurred in 118 patients (48.5%) of the entire cohort, of which 62 patients (25.5%) suffered from an arterial event and 56 patients (23%) from thrombotic venous events. Obstetrical morbidity occurred in 106 female patients (43.6%). In our cohort, we found no difference in the frequency of thrombotic or obstetric manifestations of APLS between patients with ACL IgG/IgM of low serum antibody level (<40 U) and medium-to-high level (≥40 U) and/or anti-β2GPI IgG, IgM higher than the 99th percentile vs. lower (>20 U). We suggest that in 'real life' the diagnosis of APLS should not be excluded because of low titer of APLA.
Development and validation of a Diabetes Risk Score for screening undiagnosed diabetes in Sri Lanka (SLDRISK).; BACKGROUND: Screening for undiagnosed diabetes is not widely undertaken due to the high costs and invasiveness of blood sampling. Simple non-invasive tools to identify high risk individuals can facilitate screening. The main objectives of this study are to develop and validate a risk score for screening undiagnosed diabetes among Sri Lankan adults and to compare its performance with the Cambridge Risk Score (CRS), the Indian Diabetes Risk Score (IDRS) and three other Asian risk scores. METHODS: Data were available from a representative sample of 4276 adults without diagnosed diabetes. In a jack-knife approach two thirds of the sample was used for the development of the risk score and the remainder for the validation. Age, waist circumference, BMI, hypertension, balanitis or vulvitis, family history of diabetes, gestational diabetes, physical activity and osmotic symptoms were significantly associated with undiagnosed diabetes (age most to osmotic symptoms least). Individual scores were generated for these factors using the beta coefficient values obtained in multiple logistic regression. A cut-off value of sum = 31 was determined by ROC curve analysis. RESULTS: The area under the ROC curve of the risk score for prevalent diabetes was 0.78 (CI 0.73-0.82). In the sample 36.3 % were above the cut-off of 31. A risk score above 31 gave a sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive value of 77.9, 65.6, 9.4 and 98.3 % respectively. For Sri Lankans the AUC for the CRS and IDRS were 0.72 and 0.66 repectively. CONCLUSIONS: This simple non-invasive screening tool can identify 80 % of undiagnosed diabetes by selecting 40 % of Sri Lankan adults for confirmatory blood investigations.
Enhanced oxidative stress as a potential mechanism underlying the programming of hypertension in utero.; Maternal undernutrition during critical periods of organ development is known to impair fetal growth and predispose to the development of adulthood diseases, such as hypertension, coronary heart disease and type II diabetes that are linked to low birth weight and are characterized by endothelial dysfunction. Increased oxidative stress, in rats submitted to intrauterine undernutrition, provides a potential explanation for the endothelial dysfunction development. The aim of this study was to determine the oxidative stress and its consequence on mesenteric arteriolar responses to vasoactive agents in offspring from diet-restricted dams. For this, female pregnant Wistar rats were fed either normal or 50% of normal intake diets, during the whole gestational period. In male offspring, arterial blood pressure was determined by the tail cuff method in anesthetized rats, mesenteric arteriolar reactivity and superoxide anion generation were studied using intravital microscopy and superoxide dismutase activity was determined in mesentery by spectrophotometric assay. Intrauterine undernutrition induced hypertension, decreased vasodilation to acetylcholine and bradykinin but did not alter the responses to sodium nitroprusside. Topical application of superoxide dismutase and superoxide dismutase mimetic manganese (III) tetrakis (1-methyl-4-pyridyl) porphyrin significantly improved the altered arteriolar responses to acetylcholine and bradykinin. A decreased superoxide dismutase activity and an increased superoxide anion concentration were observed in the offspring of diet-restricted dams. This study shows for the first time that intrauterine undernutrition enhances oxidative stress in vivo and relates this to the impaired endothelium-dependent vasodilation.
[Anemic syndrome frequency in complicated obstetrical patients].; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of anemia varies from country to country and there is not a trustworthy record. OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency of anemia in obstetric patients and the association among healthy pregnancy and aggregate complications. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Was carried out as transversal, observational and comparative study. Obstetrical patients entered and responded in the period of a year, were formed a group with normal pregnancy and another with complicated pregnancy, with a total sample of 194 patients. In the statistical analysis was employed Student t test for independent groups, with value if p < 0.05. RESULTS: When was included all patients from both groups of study a general frequency of anemia was found in 22.4%. Hematological stage from group with normal pregnancy was mild anemia in 16.9% and anemia moderated in 4.1% of the cases. The anemia degrees in the group with associated illness and pregnancy were mild anemia in 19.2% and moderated anemia in 4.2%. Not any case was found with severe anemia. The statistical analysis showed difference significant among both groups p < 0.05. The most frequently causes of the obstetrical morbidity were preeclampsia severe (22.6%), type 2 diabetes (13.9%), gestational diabetes (12.2%) and the remainder with other complications that include to the hypertiroidism, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, asthma and vein deep thrombosis. CONCLUSIONS: Frequency of anemia in this study was greater upon informing in the international literature. The obstetrical complication more frequently relates to diverse anemia degrees were the hypertensive stage during pregnancy. The anemia is presented with greater frequency in pregnancy patients with others associated illness.
Inherited diseases in North American Mennonites: focus on Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonites.; The patterns of migration and the genetic disorders occurring among North American Mennonites are reviewed, and inherited conditions recently recognized in a religious and genetic isolate, the Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonites, are described. Old Colony Mennonites are of Dutch/German origin and descend from approximately 400 founding families who settled in the Old Colony, Chortitza (the Ukraine, USSR) in the late 1700s, and then migrated to Canada and Central and South America in the past century. We investigated over 6 generations of a Canadian Old Colony kindred in which there was extensive intermarriage, and in whom 28 individuals developed diabetes mellitus. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) occurred in 14 affected individuals in 10 closely related sibships; the 11 living IDDM patients were all concordant for the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Fourteen close relatives had other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Other close relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyper- and hypothyroidism, multiple sclerosis, and red cell aplasia. Other inherited diseases, including Alport syndrome, congenital defects, and inborn errors of metabolism were also found in the kindred. In the almost exclusively (99%) Old Colony Mennonite public health district in which the kindred was ascertained, there were multiple cases of Tourette syndrome, of malformations (including congenital heart defects and cleft lip +/- palate), and familial clusters of inborn errors of metabolism. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite isolate because 1) there are large familial aggregations of tissue-specific autoimmune diseases, malformations, inborn errors of metabolism, and of some other conditions whose genetic basis is still unknown; 2) there are multiple cases of rare genetic conditions, 3) we have established a computerized genealogic data base on over 1,000 kindred members as well as a cryopreserved lymphocyte/DNA bank on over 100 closely related individuals with various genetic conditions; and 4) this religious isolate, which extends across North, Central, and South America, offers an excellent opportunity for studying the epidemiology and molecular genetics of both common and rare inherited diseases.
Early Pregnancy Blood Pressure Elevations and Risk for Maternal and Neonatal Morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether women with early pregnancy elevated blood pressure (BP) or stage 1 hypertension exhibit increased risk of preeclampsia and maternal or neonatal morbidity. METHODS: We conducted a clinical cohort study of 18,162 women who delivered a singleton neonate from 2015 to 2018 and attended at least two prenatal appointments before 20 weeks of gestation. Data were collected within the Magee Obstetric Maternal and Infant database, an aggregate of prenatal and delivery health records. Early pregnancy BP was defined as average BP before 20 weeks of gestation, and women were classified with normal, elevated BP, stage 1 or 2 hypertension according to current guidelines. The primary outcome was preeclampsia. Secondary outcomes were severe maternal morbidity, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, and composite neonatal morbidity. RESULTS: Overall, 75.2% of the women were categorized with normal BP, 13.9% with elevated BP, 5.4% with stage 1 hypertension, and 5.5% with stage 2 hypertension. Risk of preeclampsia increased in a stepwise fashion with increasing BP category, adjusted for covariates (normal BP, 4.7%, referent; elevated BP, 7.3%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.29, 95% CI 1.07-1.56; stage 1, 12.3%, aOR 2.35, 95% CI 1.86-2.96), and stage 2, 30.2%, aOR 6.49, 95% CI 5.34-7.89). Results were similar among black and white women. Gestational diabetes was more prevalent among women with stage 1 (11.4%; aOR 1.50, 95% CI 1.18-1.91] and stage 2 hypertension (14.2%; aOR 1.65, 95% CI 1.30-2.10). Severe maternal morbidity and neonatal morbidity were increased only among women with stage 2 hypertension (aOR 2.99, 95% CI 2.26-3.99, and aOR 2.67, 95% CI 2.28-3.12, respectively). CONCLUSION: Women with elevated BP, and stage 1 and 2 hypertension in early pregnancy are at increased risk for preeclampsia. These findings emphasize the importance of applying the 2017 BP guidelines to reproductive-aged women. Strategies to incorporate these guidelines into obstetric care may also be warranted.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus-2 infection (COVID-19) in pregnancy - An overview.; The novel severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) coronavirus-2 which causes COVID-19 disease results in severe morbidity and mortality especially in vulnerable groups. Pregnancy by virtue of its physiological and anatomical adaptations increases the risk of severe infections especially those of the respiratory tract. This single stranded RNA virus is transmitted by droplets as well as soiled fomites. There are various degrees of disease severity- asymptomatic, mild, moderate severe and critical. Most infections in pregnancy are asymptomatic or mildly symptomatic. For these women, the consequences on the mother or pregnancy are minimal unless they have additional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, cardiorespiratory disease, obesity or are of ethnic minority background. Most women with symptoms will present with fever, unproductive cough, sore throat, myalgia, nasal congestion, loss of smell and taste with associated leukocytosis and lymphopenia. Diagnosis is by RT-PCR on nasopharyngeal flocked swabs or saliva and pathognomonic features of ground-glass appearance and pulmonary infiltrates on chest X-ray or CT scans. Management in pregnancy is same as that for non-pregnant women with COVID-19. It is not an indication for elective delivery but assisted delivery in the second stage for those with moderate, severe or critical disease may be required to shorten this stage. COVID-19 is not an indication for interrupting pregnancy or caesarean section but the latter may be performed to facilitate ventilation support or resuscitation in those with severe disease. Pain relief in labour should not be different but regional analgesia is preferred for operative deliveries. Postpartum thromboprophylaxis should be considered and breast feeding encouraged with appropriate precautions to minimize vertical transmission. Pregnant and lactating women should be encouraged to receive the mRNA based vaccines as there is no evidence of adverse outcomes with these.
[Direct renin inhibitor aliskiren in the treatment of cardiovascular and renal diseases].; The role of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) in regulating the volume and composition of extracellular fluid, blood pressure (BP) as well as onset and progression of cardiovascular and renal diseases has been studied for more than 150 years. The compounds that block the vital stages of the RAAS cascade, such as ACE-inhibitors (ACEI), AT1-receptor blockers (ARB) and aldosterone receptor antagonists, importantly extended our treatment options. However, the positive therapeutic effects of these compounds also have certain negative consequences. Administration of ACEIs and ARBs interrupts physiological feedback for renal renin release and leads to reactive elevation of circulating active renin and greater production of angiotensin I and angiotensin II with subsequent return of aldosterone secretion to the pre-treatment levels ('escape' phenomenon). These possible adverse effects of the intermediary products of incomplete RAAS blockade leading to organ complications have facilitated the efforts to develop compounds blocking the initial stages of renin-angiotensin cascade--i.e. direct renin blockers. After several years of unsuccessful attempts, the recent years have seen development of the first non-peptide, orally long-term effective renin inhibitor, aliskiren fumarate. In monotherapy or in combination with other antihypertensives (hydrochlorothiazide, ARB, ACEI), aliskiren reduces BP in a dose-dependent manner (75-600 mg/den). Aliskiren reduces plasma renin activity (PRA) and neutralises hydrochlorothiazide-induced RAAS activation. Once daily administration of the drug leads to longer than 24-hour activity and its prolonged blocking effects on the kidneys are the basis for its renoprotectivity. In addition to the significant antihypertensive effect, clinical studies also showed a range of organoprotective properties in patients with left ventricle hypertrophy (ALLAY study), heart failure (ALOFT study) and diabetic nephropathy (AVOID study). Similar to other AT1-blockers, aliskiren has a minimum of adverse side effects. Aliskiren for hypertension therapy was launched in clinical practice in USA in 2007 (Tekturna and combination formulation TekturnaHCl, respectively) and shortly after that in European Union as Rasilez. In the Czech Republic, aliskiren (Rasilez) was released for clinical use by diabetologists and nephrologists in patients with hypertension and concomitant diabetes, nephropathy and proteinuria in doses of 150-300 mg per day on 1. 8. 2009. It is recommended as monotherapy or in combination with other antihypertensives to treat conditions with elevated PRA, including PRA elevation following diuretic, ACEI or ARB administration. Aliskiren might be used in patients who do not tolerate ACEIs as well as in patients in whom angiotensin II participates in the pathogenesis of their diseases. Reno-protective properties leading to a reduction in proteinuria and delaying renal failure progression were observed in patients with diabetic as well as non-diabetic nephropathy. The drug is the subject to similar precautions and contraindications as ACEIs and ARBs, i.e. pregnancy and bilateral renal artery stenosis. To make meaningful conclusions about the so far positive contribution of this new treatment class and its broad applicability for the therapy of hypertension and other cardiovascular diseases, it will be imperative to assess its long-term effects on morbidity and mortality as well as to compare these agents with other RAAS blockers in long-term clinical studies; this represents a research effort for another 7-8 years.
[Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA)--structure, clinical importance and the role in human body].; DHEA and DHEA-S are hormones synthetized primarily by the adrenal cortex. The levels oh this hormones are systematically decreased, beginning from the fourth life decade. The levels of this hormones are also abberrated as a consequence of divorce systematical diseases like cardiovascular diseases, skeletal diseases, diabetes mellitus or obesity. This hormones, probably, have antiaheromatic facilities. There are also data suggesting their influence on stimulation of immunological system. It is already confirmed that the levels of this hormones are modified in congenital function disorders that are present in different diseases, like Alzheimer diseases, and oral administration of DHEA can improves the memory. Presumably DHEA-S have also anticarcinogenic facilities. The levels of this hormones can be also a marker monitoring the course of pregnancy. There are still a lot of discrepancies between results of different studies and it is very difficult to describe their role in human body. Because their levels are decreased with ageing process, this observation makes the researchers call them as the "youth hormones".
Intravenous labetalol versus oral nifedipine for acute hypertension in pregnancy: effects on cerebral perfusion pressure.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with preeclampsia have been found to have elevated cerebral perfusion pressure and impaired cerebral autoregulation compared with normal pregnant women. Transcranial Doppler is a noninvasive technique used to estimate cerebral perfusion pressure. The effects of different antihypertensive medications on cerebral perfusion pressure in preeclampsia are unknown. OBJECTIVE: To compare the change in cerebral perfusion pressure before and after intravenous labetalol vs oral nifedipine in the setting of acute severe hypertension in pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This is a prospective cohort study of pregnant women between 24 and 42 weeks' gestation with severe hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥160 mm Hg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥110 mm Hg). Women who consented to the study and received either intravenous labetalol or oral nifedipine were included. Exclusion criteria included active labor or receipt of any antihypertensive medication within 2 hours of initial cerebral perfusion pressure measurement. Peripheral blood pressure and transcranial Doppler studies for middle cerebral artery hemodynamics were performed prior to the administration of antihypertensive medications and repeated 30 minutes after medication administration. RESULTS: A total of 16 women with acute severe hypertension were enrolled; 8 received intravenous labetalol and 8 received oral nifedipine. There were no significant differences between the labetalol and nifedipine groups in baseline characteristics such as maternal age, race and ethnicity, payment, hospital site, body mass index, nulliparity, gestational age, preexisting diabetes mellitus or chronic hypertension, fetal growth restriction, magnesium sulfate administration, and symptomatology (P>.05). When examined 30 minutes after the administration of either intravenous labetalol or oral nifedipine, there was a significantly greater decrease in systolic blood pressure (-9.8 mm Hg vs -39 mm Hg; P=.003), mean arterial pressure (-7.1 mm Hg vs -22.3 mm Hg; P=.02), and cerebral perfusion pressure (-2.5 mm Hg vs -27.7 mm Hg; P=.01) in the nifedipine group. There was no statistically significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure (-12.9 mm Hg vs -5.4 mm Hg; P=.15). The change in middle cerebral artery velocity by transcranial Doppler was compared between the groups and was not different (0.07 cm/s vs 0.16 cm/s; P=.64). CONCLUSION: Oral nifedipine resulted in a significant decrease in cerebral perfusion pressure, whereas labetalol did not, after administration for acute severe hypertension among women with preeclampsia. This decrease seems to be driven by a decrease in peripheral arterial blood pressure rather than a direct change in cerebral blood flow.
Hypertensive Disorders in Pregnancy: Global Burden From 1990 to 2019, Current Research Hotspots and Emerging Trends.; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) constitute a worldwide health problem for pregnant women and their infants. This study provided HDP burden over 1990 to 2019 by region and age distribution, and predicted changes in related values for the next 25 years. We then conducted an econometric analysis of the author distribution, collaborative networks, keyword burst clustering, and spatio-temporal analysis of HDP-related publications from 2012 to 2022 to access current scientific developments and hotspots. The number of pregnant women with HDP has been increasing over the past 30 years, with regional and age-stratified differences in the burden of disease. Additionally, projections suggest an increase of deaths due to maternal HDP among adolescents younger than 20 years. Current research is mostly centered on pre-eclampsia, with hot keywords including trophoblast, immune tolerance, frozen-thawed embryo transfer, aspirin, gestational diabetes association, and biomarkers. Researches on the pathological mechanism, classification, and subtypes of HDP need to be further advanced.
Offspring birth weight and cardiovascular risk in parents: a population-based HUNT 2 study.; Low birth weight is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in later life. The fetal insulin hypothesis suggests that shared genetic factors partly explain this association. If fetal genes predispose to both low birth weight and cardiovascular disease in adulthood, fathers of offspring with low birth weight should display an unfavorable profile of cardiovascular risk factors. To study this, the authors linked data on more than 14,000 parents, collected from the second Health Study of Nord Trøndelag County, Norway (HUNT 2, 1995-1997), to offspring data from the Norwegian Medical Birth Registry (1967-2005). Linear regression was used to study associations of offspring birth weight for gestational age with the parents' body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, glucose, and serum lipids. All analyses were adjusted for shared environment by means of the socioeconomic measures, lifestyle, and cardiovascular risk factors of the partner. The authors found that low offspring birth weight for gestational age was associated with increased paternal blood pressure, body mass index, waist circumference, and unfavorable levels of glucose and lipids. For mothers, associations similar to those for fathers were found for blood pressure, whereas associations in the opposite direction were found for glucose, lipids, and body mass index. The paternal findings strengthen the genetic hypothesis.
Association between aspirin use during pregnancy and cardiovascular risk factors 2-7 years after delivery: The nuMoM2b Heart Health Study.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the association between aspirin use during first pregnancy and later maternal cardiovascular risk. STUDY DESIGN: In this secondary analysis of a prospective cohort, we included participants who carried their first pregnancy to 20 + weeks, had data regarding aspirin use, and attended a study visit 2-7 years following delivery. The exposure was aspirin use during the first pregnancy. We calculated aspirin use propensity scores from logistic regression models including baseline variables associated with aspirin use in pregnancy and cardiovascular risk. Outcomes of interest were incident cardiovascular-related diagnoses 2-7 years following delivery. Robust Poisson regression calculated the risk of outcomes by aspirin exposure, adjusting for the aspirin use propensity score. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was a composite of incident cardiovascular diagnoses at the time of the study visit: cardiovascular events, chronic hypertension, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes or type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, and chronic kidney disease. RESULTS: Of 4,480 women included, 84 (1.9%) reported taking aspirin during their first pregnancy. 52.6% of participants in the aspirin-exposed group and 43.0% in the unexposed group had the primary outcome. After adjusting for the aspirin use propensity scores, aspirin use during the first pregnancy was not associated with any of the outcomes. CONCLUSION: We did not detect an association between aspirin use during the first pregnancy and cardiovascular-related diagnoses 2-7 years later. Our study was only powered to detect a large difference in relative risk, so we cannot rule out a smaller difference that may be clinically meaningful.
Pregnancy costs with commercial insurance.; BACKGROUND: Costs for obstetrical care may be increasing for both patients and insurers. OBJECTIVE: To examine predictors of and trends in the cost of medical care during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a study of pregnancies from 2009 to 2019 covered by commercial insurance resulting in term, singleton delivery hospitalizations and included in the MarketScan database. The analysis categorized pregnancies based on whether delivery occurred via cesarean versus vaginal delivery and whether pre-gestational diabetes or chronic hypertension was present. We estimated inflation-adjusted total medical costs from 273 days before through 42 days after delivery hospitalization discharge. The analysis evaluated costs for inpatient services, outpatient services, and outpatient drugs separately and trended these costs over the study period. The analysis dichotomized total medical costs into insurer liability versus out-of-pocket patient costs. The study used quantile regression models fit separately to evaluate costs for vaginal and cesarean delivery including demographic and medical characteristics. RESULTS: The analysis included 1,952,432 pregnancies covered by commercial insurance. From 2009 to 2019, median total medical costs increased from $14,091 (IQR $11,122-$18,417) to $19,645 (IQR $14,676-$27,959) with median inpatient costs increasing 36% and median outpatient costs increasing 43%. Out-of-pocket costs rose 65% for inpatient services and 120% for outpatient services. Median total pregnancy costs were higher for women with chronic hypertension (median $22,268, IQR $16,809-$30,901, p < .01), pregestational diabetes (median $20,786, IQR $15,702-$28,714, p < .01), and cesarean delivery (median $20,098, IQR $15,748-$26,889 versus median $14,904, IQR $11,728-$19,785 for vaginal delivery, p < .01). In adjusted analyses, chronic hypertension, diabetes, and cesarean delivery were associated with increased median total costs. CONCLUSION: Total and out-of-pocket medical costs for maternity care are increasing among commercially insured patients. Chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, and cesarean delivery are important predictors of costs.
Inflammation in preterm birth: Novel mechanism of preterm birth associated with innate and acquired immunity.; Preterm birth (PB) is the most-frequent complication occurring during pregnancy, with a significant impact on neonatal morbidity and mortality. Chorioamnionitis (CAM), the neutrophil infiltration into chorioamniotic membranes, is a major cause of PB. However, several cases of PB have also been reported without apparent pathogenic infection or CAM. Such cases are now attributed to "sterile inflammation." The concept of sterile inflammation has already attracted attention in various diseases, like cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and autoimmune diseases; recently been discussed for obstetric complications such as miscarriage, PB, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes. Sterile inflammation is induced by alarmins, such as high-mobility group box 1 (HMGB1), interleukins (IL-33 and IL-1α), and S100 proteins, that are released by cellular damage without apparent pathogenic infection. These antigens are recognized by pattern-recognition receptors, expressed mainly on antigen-presenting cells of decidua, placenta, amnion, and myometrium, which consequently trigger inflammation. In reproduction, these alarmins are associated with the development of various pregnancy complications, including PB. In this review, we have summarized the development of PB related to acute CAM, chronic CAM, and sterile inflammation as well as proposed a new mechanism for PB that involves innate immunity, acquired immunity, and sterile inflammation.
Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Novel and Traditional Risk Factors in Middle Eastern Young Women. The ANCORS-YW Study.; BACKGROUND: There is paucity of data on the prevalence of novel and traditional cardiovascular risk factors in young women with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in the Middle East. We sought to evaluate clinical profiles and prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors in Middle Eastern young women with ASCVD compared with age-matched controls. METHODS: Women 18-50 years of age who have ASCVD were enrolled and each was aged-matched with two women with no ASCVD. Prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors was compared in the two groups. Multivariable analyzes examined the independent association of 16 factors with ASCVD. RESULTS: Of 627 young women enrolled mean age 44.1 ± 5.2 years; 209 had ASCVD and 418 served as controls. Women with ASCVD had significantly higher prevalence of five of the studied traditional risk factors (hypertension, type 2 diabetes [T2D], smoking, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol serum levels, and family history of premature ASCVD [FHx]) than women with no ASCVD. Additionally, of the 11 novel and psychosocial risk factors studied, four showed significantly higher prevalence in young women with ASCVD (preterm delivery, hypertensive disease of pregnancy gestational diabetes, and low level of education). Multivariable analyzes showed hypertension, T2D, smoking, FHx, persistent weight gain after pregnancy and low level of education were independently associated with ASCVD. CONCLUSIONS: In this study of young Middle Eastern women; traditional risk factors as well as persistent weight gain after pregnancy were more prevalent in women with ASCVD compared with controls.The study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, unique identifier number NCT04975503.
Uterine Regulatory T cells, IL-10 and hypertension.; PROBLEM: Regulatory T cells (T(reg) ) are a vital immune cellular population at the maternal-fetal interface. They are likely to aid in immune tolerance by dampening the harmful effects of other immune cellular populations through cell-cell-mediated interactions as well as by producing IL-10 and TGF-β. In addition to the anti-inflammatory properties, IL-10 has emerged as an important vascular cytokine choreographing endovascular interactions and angiogenesis and regulates hypertension. METHOD OF STUDY: Review of innovative concepts to understand the temporal role of T(regs) in both mouse and human pregnancy, particularly whether uterine T(reg) play a potential role in regulating vascular homeostasis and blood flow during pregnancy. RESULTS: T(reg) guard immune tolerance, getting cytotoxically activated under certain conditions, leading to adverse pregnancy outcome. CONCLUSION: Despite increasing evidence of T(reg) tissue-specific expansion and functional plasticity, their role in vascular activity, pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes is obscure and needs closer investigation to delineate its role later during pregnancy.
Granulomatosis with polyangiitis and pregnancy: Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody, placental inflammation, chorangiosis and pre-eclampsia.; Granulomatosis with polyangiitis (GPA) is a rare necrotizing autoimmune disease involving small vessel vasculitis. Pregnancies with GPA have increased rates of obstetric complications including pre-eclampsia. Differential diagnosis of GPA flares up and pre-eclampsia may be difficult and necessitates careful clinical practice. A 26-year-old pregnant woman with GPA was referred for hypertension. The absence of GPA signs and symptoms, negative anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody titer and the presence of clinical and laboratory findings supported the diagnosis of pre-eclampsia rather than a GPA flare-up. The newborn was delivered via cesarean section at the 30th gestational week due to severe superimposed pre-eclampsia. Pathological examination of the placenta demonstrated the presence of chorangiosis and focal placental infarcts. GPA should be considered as a risk factor in pregnancy and requires careful clinical management to have good gestational outcome. Physicians should be vigilant regarding gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia as well as GPA flare-up.
Epigenome-wide association study of DNA methylation in maternal blood leukocytes with BMI in pregnancy and gestational weight gain.; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to discover CpG sites with differential DNA methylation in peripheral blood leukocytes associated with body mass index (BMI) in pregnancy and gestational weight gain (GWG) in women of European and South Asian ancestry. Furthermore, we aimed to investigate how the identified sites were associated with methylation quantitative trait loci, gene ontology, and cardiometabolic parameters. METHODS: In the Epigenetics in pregnancy (EPIPREG) sample we quantified maternal DNA methylation in peripheral blood leukocytes in gestational week 28 with Illumina's MethylationEPIC BeadChip. In women with European (n = 303) and South Asian (n = 164) ancestry, we performed an epigenome-wide association study of BMI in gestational week 28 and GWG between gestational weeks 15 and 28 using a meta-analysis approach. Replication was performed in the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study, the Study of Assisted Reproductive Technologies (MoBa-START) (n = 877, mainly European/Norwegian). RESULTS: We identified one CpG site significantly associated with GWG (p 5.8 × 10-8) and five CpG sites associated with BMI at gestational week 28 (p from 4.0 × 10-8 to 2.1 × 10-10). Of these, we were able to replicate three in MoBa-START; cg02786370, cg19758958 and cg10472537. Two sites are located in genes previously associated with blood pressure and BMI. DNA methylation at the three replicated CpG sites were associated with levels of blood pressure, lipids and glucose in EPIPREG (p from 1.2 × 10(-8) to 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: We identified five CpG sites associated with BMI at gestational week 28, and one with GWG. Three of the sites were replicated in an independent cohort. Several genetic variants were associated with DNA methylation at cg02786379 and cg16733643 suggesting a genetic component influencing differential methylation. The identified CpG sites were associated with cardiometabolic traits. GOV REGISTRATION NO: Not applicable.
Cardiovascular Disease and the Mediterranean Diet: Insights into Sex-Specific Responses.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of mortality and disease burden in women globally. A healthy diet is important for the prevention of CVD. Research has consistently favoured the Mediterranean diet as a cardio-protective diet. Several studies have evaluated associations between the Mediterranean diet and cardiovascular outcomes, including traditional risk factors like hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and obesity. In addition, consistent evidence suggests that the components of the Mediterranean diet have a synergistic effect on cardiovascular risk due to its anti-inflammatory profile and microbiome effects. While the benefits of the Mediterranean diet are well-established, health advice and dietary guidelines have been built on largely male-dominant studies. Few studies have investigated the beneficial associations of the Mediterranean diet in sex-specific populations, including those with non-traditional risk factors that are specific to women, for instance polycystic ovarian syndrome and high-risk pregnancies, or more prevalent in women, such as chronic inflammatory diseases. Therefore, this review aims to provide a comprehensive overview of the current evidence regarding the Mediterranean diet in women in relation to cardiovascular health outcomes.
Health benefits of higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels in The Netherlands.; A large and rapidly expanding body of scientific literature exists on the roles of vitamin D in maintaining optimal health and reducing the risk of chronic and infectious diseases. Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] levels for optimal health are in the range of 100-150 nmol/L; mean population values in The Netherlands are around 50-63 nmol/L. Health problems for which there exists good observational evidence and some randomized controlled trial evidence that vitamin D reduces risk include many types of cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, bacterial and viral infections, autoimmune diseases, osteoporosis, falls and fractures, dementia, congestive heart failure, and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Reductions in incidence and mortality rates for various diseases and all-cause mortality rates can be determined from ecological, observational and cross-sectional studies and randomized controlled trials. For The Netherlands, raising mean serum 25(OH)D levels to 105 nmol/L is estimated to reduce specific disease rates by 10-50% and all-cause mortality rates by 18%. To raise serum 25(OH)D levels by this amount, inhabitants in The Netherlands would have to increase vitamin D production or oral intake by 2500-4000 IU/day. Doing so would pose only minimal increased risks of melanoma or skin cancer or hypercalcemia.
Microalbuminuria and its association with adverse pregnancy outcome in a tertiary health centre in Nigeria.; BACKGROUND: Adverse pregnancy outcomes occur more commonly in developing countries and are still prevalent in our sub-region. Microalbuminuria is a marker of endothelial dysfunction and has been proposed as an aetiological factor in the development of some adverse pregnancy outcomes such as pre-eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and pre-term labour. AIM: The aim is to determine the prevalence of microalbuminuria and its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This was a prospective cross-sectional study with follow-up amongst women in early pregnancy presenting at Usmanu Danfodiyo University Teaching Hospital, Sokoto. Three hundred and thirty women with singleton pregnancy at gestational age <20 weeks, blood pressure <140/90 mmHg, normal fasting blood sugar and normal renal function were recruited. Those with a history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, sickle cell anaemia were excluded, multiple pregnancies, urinary tract infection or positive dipstick proteinuria at first contact were excluded. They were recruited consecutively and a structured interviewer-administered questionnaire was completed. Single-spot urine analysis for albumin was performed. The women were followed up to the time of delivery and the puerperium and any adverse outcome were documented. RESULTS: The prevalence of microalbuminuria was 58.4%. The maternal and foetal adverse outcomes such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, pre-mature rupture of membrane, IUGR, preterm birth and stillbirth occurred more amongst the women with microalbuminuria. However, there was no statistically significant association between microalbuminuria and having these adverse outcomes (P > 0.05). CONCLUSION: There was a high prevalence of microalbuminuria amongst healthy pregnant women and pregnancy complications occurred more frequently in women with microalbuminuria than in those without. However, this association was not sufficient to predict adverse outcomes in pregnancy.
Elevated cardiovascular disease risk in low-income women with a history of pregnancy loss.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy is associated with elevated risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), but little is known regarding the association between CVD and specific types of pregnancy losses. The aim of this study is to investigate the effects of pregnancy loss on the risk of subsequent CVD of any type. METHODS: This prospective longitudinal study examines medical records between 1999 and 2014 for Medicaid beneficiaries born after 1982 who lived in a state that funds all reproductive health services, including induced abortion. Unique pregnancy outcomes, history of diabetes, hyperlipidaemia or CVD (International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9): 401-459) prior to their first pregnancy outcome for each woman. Cumulative incidence rates of a first CVD diagnosis following a first pregnancy were calculated for the observed period, exceeding 12 years. RESULTS: A history of pregnancy loss was associated with 38% (OR=1.38; 95% CI=1.37 to 1.40) higher risk of a CVD diagnosis in the period observed. After controlling for history of diabetes, hyperlipidaemia, age, year of first pregnancy, race, state of residence, months of eligibility, number of pregnancies, births, number of losses before and after the first live birth, exposure to any pregnancy loss was associated with an 18% (adjusted OR=1.18; 95% CI=1.15 to 1.21) increased risk of CVD. Our analyses also reveal an important temporal relationship between the CVD and pregnancy loss. Immediate and short-term increased CVD risk is more characteristic for women whose first pregnancy ended in live birth while a delayed and more prolonged increased risk of CVD is associated with a first pregnancy loss. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings corroborate previous research showing that pregnancy loss is an independent risk factor for CVD, especially for diseases more chronic in nature. Our research contributes to understanding the specific needs for cardiovascular health monitoring for pregnant women and developing a consistent, evidence-based screening tools for both short-term and long-term follow-up.
Idiopathic combined retinal vessels occlusion in a pregnant woman: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Ocular vascular occlusion is an extremely rare event, especially in the young population. This diagnosis is always associated with active systemic diseases in young adults and needs thrombophilia workup. Nevertheless, we present the case of a pregnant woman suffering from idiopathic combined central retinal vein and cilioretinal artery occlusion. CASE PRESENTATION: A 36-year-old pregnant Iranian woman at the 36th week of her second pregnancy complained of subacute unilateral painless decreased vision of her left eye. She had experienced a transient vision loss that lasted several minutes, but attacks gradually became more frequent and finally persistent over a several-day period. Finally combined central retinal vein and cilioretinal artery occlusion was established. Her visual acuity improved to 4/10 in a month without any ocular intervention except for a short duration of prophylactic dose enoxaparin, and the acuity reached 8/10 without any complications in the third month follow-up visit. At 1 year follow-up, the visual acuity had not changed and no macular edema was seen. CONCLUSIONS: Ocular vascular occlusion is extremely rare among young adults, and even rarer among pregnant women. According to this, any suspected retinal vascular event in this population should raise suspicion for underlying diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, autoimmune diseases, migraine, preeclampsia syndrome, and thrombophilia. However, as seen in this presented case, idiopathic ocular vascular occlusion events can occur also.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women.; Appropriate screening and lifestyle modification are the foundations of effective cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention in women. All adult women should undergo a cardiovascular risk assessment, including family history, smoking, diet, and exercise assessments, and measurement of fasting lipid profile, waist and hip dimensions, and blood pressure. Women should be advised of their 10-year estimated risk of developing a cardiovascular event using the Framingham risk calculator as recommended by the National Cholesterol Education Program. Based on the level of risk, women should receive counseling on dietary modification, physical activity, weight loss, and the need for pharmacologic intervention for blood pressure, lipid, and diabetes management. In addition, women who are overweight, have a history of gestational diabetes, or family history of diabetes should have a fasting glucose measured. Women who smoke should receive advice, encouragement, and assistance for smoking cessation. Postmenopausal hormone therapy should not be considered a treatment option for primary or secondary prevention of CVD. Women and their families should be advised of the possible signs of CVD and the need to seek immediate medical attention in the event of prolonged, new, or severe symptoms. Women with coronary artery disease especially need close attention to their risk factor levels and should receive intensive intervention to achieve optimal control.
High-risk subjects for vitamin deficiency.; Chronic deficiency of various vitamins can influence the occurrence of some chronic degenerative diseases such as cancer, cardiovascular pathology, cataract, arthritis, disorders of the nervous system and photosensitivity. Similarly, vitamin intake can influence various disorders in infants and elderly people, in burns and in subjects following unbalanced diets or undergoing strenuous physical exercise. Among vitamins, beta-carotene, vitamin E and vitamin C have received most attention, particularly in the prevention of oxidative damage from free radicals. It is supposed that each vitamin plays a different role in the pathogenesis of various diseases, depending on the type of damage relevant to a specific disease. Results from different studies are still far from conclusive and the effects on longevity are not well defined. In industrialized countries, vitamin deficiencies seem to be related only to specific and clearly identifiable groups in the population: therefore, at the moment, it seems more advisable to target vitamin supplementation at risk groups.
Intrauterine Growth Retardation in Pregnant Women with Long QT Syndrome Treated with Beta-Receptor Blockers.; Pregnant women with inherited long QT syndrome (iLQTS) are at an increased risk for preterm delivery and intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) due to their underlying disease. Additionally, they are at a risk of arrhythmogenic events, particularly during the postpartum period because of physiological changes and increased emotional/physical stress. β-receptor blockers can effectively prevent life-threatening Torsades de Pointes ventricular tachycardia and they are the treatment of choice in iLQTS. Use of β-receptor blockers in pregnancy is recommended, although IUGR is commonly reported for prenatally exposed infants. IUGR, particularly in preterm infants, can result in adverse neonatal outcomes. This review was performed to support clinicians in their selection of β-receptor blocker treatment for their pregnant iLQTS women by (i) summarizing the available literature addressing the impact of different β-receptor blockers on IUGR and (ii) reporting additional aspects which might influence the β-receptor blocker selection. In general, experts recommend to use nonselective β-receptor blockers, such as nadolol and propranolol, for iLQTS management as these drugs seem to be superior in effectiveness. However, β-1-selective receptor blockers, such as bisoprolol or metoprolol, seem to affect less likely uterine contraction, peripheral vasodilation, and are associated with lower IUGR rates and fetal hypoglycemia. They are therefore recommended, except atenolol, as first-line therapy for pregnant women. Additionally, maternal factors such as iLQTS genotype, other underlying comorbidities (e.g., diabetes mellitus type 1, asthma bronchiale), and uteroplacental dysfunction or fetal factors have to be taken into account. Therefore, each woman with iLQTS who wants to become pregnant should be well-advised for a personalized β-receptor blocker therapy according to the individual risk-benefit evaluation by a multidisciplinary team of cardiologists, gynecologists, pediatric cardiologists, neonatologists, and clinical pharmacologists. During pregnancy, a close monitoring of IUGR and, after birth, monitoring of bradycardia, hypoglycemia, and respiratory depression in the neonate is mandatory. This review summarizes available data on β-receptor blocker-related risk for IUGR in prenatally exposed infants and illustrates which factors might influence β-receptor blocker selection with the aim to support clinicians in their pharmacological management of their pregnant iLQTS patients.
Association of preterm birth and small for gestational age with metabolic outcomes in children and adolescents: A population-based cohort study from Taiwan.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have identified preterm birth and/or small for gestational age (SGA) as risk factors for features of the metabolic syndrome, including high blood pressure, insulin sensitivity and atherosclerosis, occurring later in life, with controversial results. We conducted this population-based cohort study to investigate metabolic outcomes in those with former preterm birth and/or SGA status in Taiwan. METHODS: Data were obtained from Taiwan's universal National Health Insurance Research Database. From 1996 to 2004, 37,119 preterm infants, 3386 SGA infants, and 162,020 matched controls were included. We investigated the risk of the metabolic disease, including hypertension, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia, which had been recorded by the end of 2008. RESULTS: The preterm and SGA cohort, combined into one, had a significantly increased risk of developing metabolic disorders when compared with the comparison cohort (HR = 2.46, 95% CI = 2.02-3.01). We observed that children with former preterm and SGA status in Taiwan had a higher risk of developing hypertension (HR = 3.24, 95% CI = 1.58-6.67), Type 1 diabetes mellitus (HR = 1.80, 95% CI = 1.05-3.07), Type 2 diabetes mellitus (HR = 2.49, 95% CI = 1.98-3.14), and hyperlipidemia (HR = 2.14, 95% CI = 1.29-3.52). CONCLUSION: Our study revealed the risk of metabolic disease in those with preterm birth and/or SGA. Further studies with a longer duration of follow-up are required to confirm if there is a tendency for the metabolic syndrome to develop in this study cohort.
Lipoproteins and prostacyclin stability.; PGI2 is an important local mediator keeping circulating blood cells apart from the vessel wall, thus regulating hemostasis. Alterations of locally available amounts of this compound may be associated with either bleeding or thrombotic events. Factors influencing synthesis, transmission, and degradation coregulate the amount of biologically active PGI2 available at a certain vascular site. Plasmatic T1/2 of PGI2 is shortened either due to an inherited disorder or an acquired disease, its underlying cause being unknown. Generally, this is associated with thrombotic events and extremely low concentrations of both HDL cholesterol and apoA1. In contrast, the only patient we saw with a prolonged PGI2 T1/2 repeatedly experienced extremely severe bleeding complications. Recovery from severe diseases such as shock and malaria, for example, results in normalization of both PGI2 T1/2 and lipoprotein (HDL) and apoA values. Although these findings have not yet been verified at a molecular level, it is likely, that apoA1 contributes to the stabilization of PGI2 in human blood, thus representing one further link between lipid metabolism and hemostasis.
OS015. What is the optimal time for delivery in women with gestationalhypertension?; INTRODUCTION: There is conflicting evidence regarding the treatment of women with gestational hypertension (GHTN). OBJECTIVES: To assess the optimal timing of delivery for women with GHTN by quantifying the risks of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes associated with ongoing pregnancy and with induction of labor at each gestational week 36-41 completed weeks. METHODS: The Consortium on Safe Labor electronic database from 19 hospitals across the US with 228,668 deliveries 2002-2008 was used to extract data on gravidas with GHTN, diagnosis assigned at delivery admission, using standard definitions. We only considered the first pregnancy to avoid intra-person correlation. Pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus, cardiac, pulmonary, or renal disease were excluded. The week-specific rates of maternal and neonatal morbidity/mortality (M/M) were calculated following induction of labor. Maternal outcomes included serious morbidity (composite defined as any of: ICU admission, abruption, large blood loss (>0.5L SVD, >1.0L CS), postpartum HTN) and mortality. Neonatal outcomes included SGA (⩽10th %tile), serious morbidity (composite defined as any of: seizures, severe respiratory morbidity or 5-min Apgar score ⩽3) and mortality. Pointwise 95% CI were calculated around each of these gestational age-specific rates. Statistical analyses were performed using FREQ, GLM and LOGISTIC procedures in SAS 9.2. RESULTS: Following induction of labor, the rate of maternal M/M reached a nadir of 89.6 per 1000 live births [95% CI 67.8,111.5], at 38-38 6/7 weeks gestation, while the rate of neonatal M/M fell to 10.5 per 1000 live births [95% CI 2.8,18.2], at 39-39 6/7 weeks. The rate of SGA ⩽10th ‰decreased sharply between 36 and 37 weeks from 109.7 [95% CI 69.9,149.5], to 52.0 [95% CI 31.3,72.7]. CONCLUSION: In women with GHTN, induction of labor prior to 38weeks results in greater maternal M/M, but for the neonate induction at 39weeks results in lowest M/M.
Aplastic anemia associated with pregnancy: maternal and fetal complications.; OBJECTIVE: To analyze obstetric complications associated with aplastic anemia (AA) among pregnant women and analyze the underlying factors. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of 60 pregnancies with AA. Thirty four of these patients were grouped as complicated group having obstetric complications and the rest 26 without complications as the control group. Comparative analysis was conducted to access the related risk factors, which may affect the maternal and fetal complications. RESULTS: The major maternal complications in this study were premature labor, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, acute heart failure, postpartum hemorrhage, and severe postpartum infection. Premature birth, fetal growth restriction and stillbirths accounted for 27.3%, 5.0% and 6.7% of prenatal mortality. Twenty six of patients had uncomplicated pregnancies. Patients without complications had higher mean hemoglobin concentration (75.38 ± 16.19 g/L) and platelet counts (23.92 ± 14.82 × 10(9) cells/L) than did women with complications (mean hemoglobin concentration, 61.47 ± 15.15 g/L, p = 0.001; mean platelet counts, 12.11 ± 7.87 × 10(9) cells/L, p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Pregnancies associated with AA can carry the risk of multiple maternal and fetal complications. Low hemoglobin concentration and platelet counts may be the primary risk factors for obstetric complications in pregnancies associated with AA.
Intrauterine exposure to metformin: Evaluation of endothelial and perivascular adipose tissue function in abdominal aorta of adult offspring.; The biguanide metformin (MET) has been used during pregnancy for treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome and gestational diabetes. MET crosses the placenta and maternal treatment can expose the progeny to this drug during important phases of body development. Direct vascular protective effects have been described with the treatment of metformin. Nevertheless, it is unclear whether intrauterine exposure to metformin is safe for the vascular system of offspring. Thus, the present study aimed to investigate the intrinsic effects of metformin exposure in utero in the offspring abdominal aorta reactivity, in the presence and absence of perivascular adipose tissue (PVAT) and endothelium. For this, Wistar rats were treated with metformin 293 mg/kg/day (MET) or water (CTR) by gavage during the gestational period. The abdominal aorta reactivity to phenylephrine, acetylcholine, and sodium nitroprusside was evaluated in male adult offspring. It was observed that abdominal aorta relaxation was similar between MET and CTR groups in the presence or absence of PVAT. In addition, the contraction to phenylephrine was similar between MET and CTR groups in the presence and absence of PVAT and endothelium. Therefore, metformin exposure during pregnancy had no intrinsic effect on the offspring abdominal aorta PVAT and endothelial function, demonstrating it to be safe to the vascular system of the offspring.
How Did the COVID-19 Pandemic Affect Maternal and Neonatal Health?; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic on the proportional growth of the fetus, maternal health, and neonatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: The study group (Group 1) included pregnant women with a history of COVID-19. Pregnant women who were hospitalized during the same period without COVID-19 were the control group (Group 2). Maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared between the groups. RESULTS: A total of 230 pregnant women and their infants were assessed. Group 1 (n = 74) had significantly higher rates of diabetes mellitus and hypertension than Group 2 (n = 156; p = 0.015 and 0.014, respectively). Premature birth and cesarean section rates were also significantly higher in Group 1 than in Group 2 (p = 0.001 and 0.040, respectively). While the rate of iatrogenic preterm birth was significantly higher in Group 1, the rate of spontaneous preterm birth was significantly higher in Group 2 (p = 0.049). Infants born to COVID-19-positive mothers had lower median gestational age, birth weight, and Apgar scores (p < 0.01). There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of the results of cord blood gas analysis (p > 0.05). The rate of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and need for mechanical ventilation was significantly higher in infants of COVID-19-positive mothers (p < 0.05 for both). The length of stay in the NICU was also significantly longer for the infants of COVID-19-positive mothers (p < 0.05). Birth weights decreased due to increased cases of iatrogenic preterm births (p < 0.05). However, ponderal indices (PIs) of newborns of pregnant COVID-19 mothers did not differ at birth (p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: COVID-19 is associated with low Apgar scores, increased risk of premature birth complications, and maternal comorbidities, with no effect on the PI and proportionate growth of the infant at birth. KEY POINTS: · No difference in ponderal indices.. · No difference in postnatal cardiovascular adaptation.. · COVID-19 is frequent in pregnant women with comorbidities like diabetes mellitus and hypertension..
Ontogeny and tissue distribution of human GAD expression.; One of the major beta-cell autoantigens associated with IDDM is GAD. Although GAD expression has been detected in adult islets, transcriptional expression of the GAD genes has not been reported during human pancreatic ontogeny. We therefore analyzed patterns of GAD gene transcription by quantitating the mRNAs encoding both the 65- and 67-kDa isoforms (GAD65 and GAD67, respectively) in human fetal, postnatal, and adult pancreases, as well as in isolated adult islets, and examined their tissue-specific expression. Significant levels of pancreatic GAD65 transcripts were already detected at 13 weeks of gestation and were expressed at higher levels in the fetal and infantile pancreas than in the adult pancreas. Isolated adult pancreatic islets were highly enriched in GAD65 mRNA. In contrast, GAD67 transcripts were not detectable in fetal and postnatal pancreases. In addition to the pancreas, marked GAD expression was detected in the brain, whereas other tissues examined contained either low or undetectable GAD transcripts. Triple immunofluorescent staining of fetal and adult pancreases revealed colocalization of GAD65 with alpha- and beta-cells. In the fetal pancreas, strong immunoreactivity for GAD65 was also evident in epithelial cells, which lacked expression of insulin or glucagon, some of which were present in the ductal epithelium, suggesting that GAD65 expression might correlate with endocrine determination. In summary, 1) this is the first demonstration of GAD65 expression in the human fetal pancreas, implicating a potential role during islet development, and 2) GAD65 may be a useful marker for the identification of primitive islet cells.
Do nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR)-based metabolomics improve the prediction of pregnancy-related disorders? Findings from a UK birth cohort with independent validation.; BACKGROUND: Prediction of pregnancy-related disorders is usually done based on established and easily measured risk factors. Recent advances in metabolomics may provide earlier and more accurate prediction of women at risk of pregnancy-related disorders. METHODS: We used data collected from women in the Born in Bradford (BiB; n = 8212) and UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT; n = 859) studies to create and validate prediction models for pregnancy-related disorders. These were gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA) and preterm birth (PTB). We used ten-fold cross-validation and penalised regression to create prediction models. We compared the predictive performance of (1) risk factors (maternal age, pregnancy smoking, body mass index (BMI), ethnicity and parity) to (2) nuclear magnetic resonance-derived metabolites (N = 156 quantified metabolites, collected at 24-28 weeks gestation) and (3) combined risk factors and metabolites. The multi-ethnic BiB cohort was used for training and testing the models, with independent validation conducted in UPBEAT, a multi-ethnic study of obese pregnant women. RESULTS: Maternal age, pregnancy smoking, BMI, ethnicity and parity were retained in the combined risk factor and metabolite models for all outcomes apart from PTB, which did not include maternal age. In addition, 147, 33, 96, 51 and 14 of the 156 metabolite traits were retained in the combined risk factor and metabolite model for GDM, HDP, SGA, LGA and PTB, respectively. These include cholesterol and triglycerides in very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL) in the models predicting GDM, HDP, SGA and LGA, and monounsaturated fatty acids (MUFA), ratios of MUFA to omega 3 fatty acids and total fatty acids, and a ratio of apolipoprotein B to apolipoprotein A-1 (APOA:APOB1) were retained predictors for GDM and LGA. In BiB, discrimination for GDM, HDP, LGA and SGA was improved in the combined risk factors and metabolites models. Risk factor area under the curve (AUC 95% confidence interval (CI)): GDM (0.69 (0.64, 0.73)), HDP (0.74 (0.70, 0.78)) and LGA (0.71 (0.66, 0.75)), and SGA (0.59 (0.56, 0.63)). Combined risk factor and metabolite models AUC 95% (CI): GDM (0.78 (0.74, 0.81)), HDP (0.76 (0.73, 0.79)) and LGA (0.75 (0.70, 0.79)), and SGA (0.66 (0.63, 0.70)). For GDM, HDP and LGA, but not SGA, calibration was good for a combined risk factor and metabolite model. Prediction of PTB was poor for all models. Independent validation in UPBEAT at 24-28 weeks and 15-18 weeks gestation confirmed similar patterns of results, but AUCs were attenuated. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest a combined risk factor and metabolite model improves prediction of GDM, HDP and LGA, and SGA, when compared to risk factors alone. They also highlight the difficulty of predicting PTB, with all models performing poorly.
Aripiprazole and pregnancy: A retrospective, multicentre study.; BACKGROUND: Aripiprazole is a second generation antipsychotic medication that has been a useful addition to the treatment of severe mental illness due to its low metabolic and sedation risk profile. Pregnancy is a time of high risk of metabolic complications such as gestational diabetes and the postpartum period is often a time when sedation can compromise infant care. To date there is limited data in pregnancy on the safety of aripiprazole use. While available data do not suggest an elevated malformation risk in pregnancy, there is less information available on pregnancy and neonatal complications. METHODS: This study presents preliminary data on pregnancy and neonatal complications on 26 women who took aripiprazole in pregnancy. These women attended at antenatal clinics for women with severe mental illness at two hospitals in Australia. RESULTS: Overall aripiprazole was not associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes. However, use of aripiprazole in pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of pregnancy hypertension, lower birth weight, shorter gestation at birth and higher rates of admission of the neonate than the expected population rates. LIMITATIONS: These findings need to be replicated in a larger, well-designed study to ensure they do not reflect confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: Findings demonstrate that aripiprazole is unlikely to pose a metabolic risk in pregnancy but other pregnancy complications including hypertension, need to be examined in further studies.
Impact of USPSTF recommendations for aspirin for prevention of recurrent preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: The US Preventive Services Task Force recommends low-dose aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia among women at high risk for primary occurrence or recurrence of disease. Recommendations for the use of aspirin for preeclampsia prevention were issued by the US Preventive Services Task Force in September 2014. OBJECTIVES: The objective of the study was to evaluate the incidence of recurrent preeclampsia in our cohort before and after the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendation for aspirin for preeclampsia prevention. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study designed to evaluate the rates of recurrent preeclampsia among women with a history of preeclampsia. We utilized a 2-hospital, single academic institution database from August 2011 through June 2016. We excluded multiple gestations and included only the first delivery for women with multiple deliveries during the study period. The cohort of women with a history of preeclampsia were divided into 2 groups, before and after the release of the US Preventive Services Task Force 2014 recommendations. Potential confounders were accounted for in multivariate analyses, and relative risk and adjusted relative risk were calculated. RESULTS: A total of 17,256 deliveries occurred during the study period. A total of 417 women had a documented history of prior preeclampsia: 284 women before and 133 women after the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendation. Comparing the before and after groups, the proportion of Hispanic women in the after group was lower and the method of payment differed between the groups (P <.0001). The prevalence of type 1 diabetes was increased in the after period, but overall rates of pregestational diabetes were similar (6.3% before vs 5.3% after [P > .05]). Risk factors for recurrent preeclampsia included maternal age >35 years (relative risk, 1.83; 95% confidence interval, 1.34-2.48), Medicaid insurance (relative risk, 2.08; 95% confidence interval, 1.15-3.78), type 2 diabetes (relative risk, 2.13; 95% confidence interval, 1.37-3.33), and chronic hypertension (relative risk, 1.96; 95% confidence interval, 1.44-2.66). The risk of recurrent preeclampsia was decreased by 30% in the after group (adjusted relative risk, 0.70; 95% confidence interval, 0.52-0.95). CONCLUSION: Rates of recurrent preeclampsia among women with a history of preeclampsia decreased by 30% after release of the US Preventive Services Task Force recommendation for aspirin for preeclampsia prevention. Future prospective studies should include direct measures of aspirin compliance, gestational age at initiation, and explore the influence of race and ethnicity on the efficacy of this primary prevention.
Novel First-Trimester Prediction Model for Any Type of Preterm Birth Occurring before 37 Gestational Weeks in the Absence of Other Pregnancy-Related Complications Based on Cardiovascular Disease-Associated MicroRNAs and Basic Maternal Clinical Characteristics.; The goal of the study was to establish an efficient first-trimester predictive model for any type of preterm birth before 37 gestational weeks (spontaneous preterm birth (PTB) or preterm prelabor rupture of membranes (PPROM)) in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications, such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, or small for gestational age. The retrospective study was performed in the period from 11/2012 to 3/2020. Peripheral blood samples were collected from 6440 Caucasian individuals involving 41 PTB and 65 PPROM singleton pregnancies. A control group with 80 singleton term pregnancies was selected on the basis of equal sample-storage time. A combination of only six microRNAs (miR-16-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-24-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-155-5p, and miR-210-3p; AUC 0.812, p < 0.001, 70.75% sensitivity, 78.75% specificity, cut-off > 0.652) could predict preterm delivery before 37 gestational weeks in early stages of gestation in 52.83% of pregnancies with a 10.0% FPR. This predictive model for preterm birth based on aberrant microRNA expression profile was further improved via implementation of maternal clinical characteristics (maternal age and BMI at early stages of gestation, infertility treatment with assisted reproductive technology, occurrence of preterm delivery before 37 gestational weeks in previous pregnancy(ies), and presence of any kind of autoimmune disease (rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, antiphospholipid syndrome, type 1 diabetes mellitus, or other autoimmune disease)). With this model, 69.81% of pregnancies destined to deliver before 37 gestational weeks were identified with a 10.0% FPR at early stages of gestation. When other clinical variables as well as those mentioned above—such as positive first-trimester screening for early preeclampsia with onset before 34 gestational weeks and/or fetal growth restriction with onset before 37 gestational weeks using the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm, as well as positive first-trimester screening for spontaneous preterm birth with onset before 34 gestational weeks using the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm—were added to the predictive model for preterm birth, the predictive power was even slightly increased to 71.70% with a 10.0% FPR. Nevertheless, we prefer to keep the first-trimester screening for any type of preterm birth occurring before 37 gestational weeks in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications as simple as possible.
Maternal characteristics and mid-pregnancy serum biomarkers as risk factors for subtypes of preterm birth.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between maternal characteristics, serum biomarkers and preterm birth (PTB) by spontaneous and medically indicated subtypes. DESIGN: Population-based cohort. SETTING: California, United States of America. POPULATION: From a total population of 1 004 039 live singleton births in 2009 and 2010, 841 665 pregnancies with linked birth certificate and hospital discharge records were included. METHODS: Characteristics were compared for term and preterm deliveries by PTB subtype using logistic regression and odds ratios adjusted for maternal characteristics and obstetric factors present in final stepwise models and 95% confidence intervals. First-trimester and second-trimester serum marker levels were analysed in a subset of 125 202 pregnancies with available first-trimester and second-trimester serum biomarker results. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: PTB by subtype. RESULTS: In fully adjusted models, ten characteristics and three serum biomarkers were associated with increased risk in each PTB subtype (Black race/ethnicity, pre-existing hypertension with and without pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension with pre-eclampsia, pre-existing diabetes, anaemia, previous PTB, one or two or more previous caesarean section(s), interpregnancy interval ≥ 60 months, low first-trimester pregnancy-associated plasma protein A, high second-trimester α-fetoprotein, and high second-trimester dimeric inhibin A). These risks occurred in 51.6-86.2% of all pregnancies ending in PTB depending on subtype. The highest risk observed was for medically indicated PTB <32 weeks in women with pre-existing hypertension and pre-eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio 89.7, 95% CI 27.3-111.2). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest a shared aetiology across PTB subtypes. These commonalities point to targets for further study and exploration of risk reduction strategies. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Findings suggest a shared aetiology across preterm birth subtypes. Patterns may inform risk reduction efforts.
Recurrent Johanson-Blizzard syndrome in a triplet pregnancy complicated by urethral obstruction sequence: a clinical, molecular, and immunohistochemical approach.; We report on a triplet pregnancy of consanguineous parents with one fetus being affected by recurrent Johanson-Blizzard syndrome (JBS). At autopsy in the 35th gestational week, the affected triplet presented with an especially severe and lethal manifestation of the disorder as compared to his elder affected brother and to cases in the literature, thus exemplifying great interfamilial and intrafamilial phenotypic variability. Arhinencephaly and cystic renal dysplasia associated with urethral obstruction sequence were features not described previously in the literature. In addition to the lack of exocrine acini as the characteristic feature of JBS, the pancreas revealed a resorptive inflammatory reaction with infiltration by eosinophilic granulocytes that focally dispersed onto islets of Langerhans, thus favoring a progressive destructive rather than primary dysplastic process and possibly explaining the occurrence of diabetes mellitus in later life. JBS maps to chromosome 15q15-q21.1 and is associated with mutations in the UBR1 gene. Testing the fetus and the affected sibling revealed a homozygous truncating mutation in UBR1. The resulting absence of the UBR1 protein was confirmed by Western blot. Immunohistochemical staining using a commercial anti-UBR1 antibody demonstrated staining, presumably artifactual. This finding suggests that, until an appropriately validated antibody has been identified, this modality should not be utilized for diagnosis or confirmation of this disorder.
Adropin and irisin in arterial hypertension, diabetes mellitus and chronic kidney disease.; Despite great advances in medicine, the proper treatment of arterial hypertension (AH), diabetes mellitus (DM) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) remains a major challenge. Untreated, undiagnosed AH or DM may lead to the development of CKD and consequently to the occurrence of cardiovascular events. Adropin and irisin are newly discovered proteins which may play a role in the development and progression of the chronic diseases mentioned above. Endothelium dysfunction could be a bonding point. The following review paper focuses on adropin and irisin concentrations and their correlations in AH, DM and CKD. Lower adropin concentrations have been measured in patients with primary AH when compared to healthy volunteers. Irisin has reduced blood pressure on nitric oxide (NO)-dependent pathways in experimental studies; a negative correlation between irisin and blood pressure values has also been observed in preeclamptic women. Irisin also plays a role in insulin sensitivity and metabolic disorders. Lower irisin levels have been observed in patients with DM type 2 in comparison to a nondiabetic control group. It is also lower in the serum of pregnant women with gestational DM. A negative correlation between irisin and estimated glomerular filtration rate (EGFR) has also been noted. Adropin and irisin are newly described myokines measured in human plasma in healthy and disease status. Their exact function has not been specified yet and requires further studies.
Prevalence and determinants of ideal cardiovascular health in a latin women cohort: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Ideal cardiovascular health (CVH) sought to reduce cardiovascular (CV) morbidity and mortality. In Chile, CV mortality in women is high. The study's main aim was to determine the prevalence of ideal CVH, and the factors and behaviors associated with ideal CVH in women from Santiago de Chile. METHODS: Cross-sectional study in women between 35 - 70 years old who were selected through a probabilistic, multistage, and geographically stratified sampling. The study included a survey on demographic and CV risk factors and anthropometric, blood pressure, and biochemical measurements. Three categories were used to characterize low (0-2), intermediate (3-4), and high (5-7) levels of AHA's Ideal CVH index. We assessed the prevalence of ideal CVH by age, education level, and socioeconomic status and determined the independent associations of different variables with ideal CVH. FINDINGS: 620 women, mean age 51± 4 years old, were recruited. Ideal CVH prevalence was 14.3%; none of the women presented an ideal healthy diet, and only 22.6% reached an ideal BMI. The best predictors of ideal CVH were a high education level (OR= 2.85; 1.43 to 5.92; p < 0.01), having less than two alcoholic drinks per day (OR= 4.09; 1.60 to 13.77; p< 0.01), and having a pregnancy history without preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes (OR=1.94; 1.07 to 3.71; p=0.04). INTERPRETATION: This study demonstrates a low ideal CVH prevalence in Chilean women. Education level was a significant factor associated with ideal CVH. But also, women-specific risk factors, such as a history of preeclampsia/gestational diabetes, and alcohol consumption, were important factors related to CVH. FUNDING: This study was supported by grants from Fundación SOCHICAR de la Sociedad Chilena de Cardiología y Cirugía Cardiovascular, the American Heart Association and an unrestricted grant by TEVA Pharmaceuticals.
How does IVF conception affect pregnancy complications in an older cohort of women, at least 38 years of age? Study of a population database.; PURPOSE: To compare perinatal outcomes in in-vitro fertilization (IVF) pregnancies versus spontaneous conceptions in woman of advanced maternal age (AMA), and to evaluate the effect of increasing age on IVF pregnancies' outcomes. METHODS: A retrospective population-based cohort study including pregnant women who delivered between 2008-2014 in the US. First, we included women aged 38-43 years and compared those with IVF conceptions (cases) to women with spontaneous conceptions (controls). Thereafter, we compared IVF pregnancies in women aged 38-43 years to IVF pregnancies at < 38 years of age. Multivariate logistic regression was performed to compare both groups regarding pregnancy,delivery, and neonatal outcomes after adjusting for plausible confounders. RESULTS: Three hundred nine thousand five hundred sixty-seven pregnant women aged 38-43 years were identified, with 2,762 composing the IVF group, and 306,805 composing the control group. After adjusting for confounders, the IVF group had a higher risk of several adverse obstetrical outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (aOR 1.31,95%CI 1.06-1.62), gestational diabetes (aOR 1.26,95%CI 1.13-1.41),preterm delivery (aOR 1.45,95%CI 1.16-1.81), cesarean section (CS) (aOR 1.84,95%CI 1.55- 2.19),postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.68,95%CI 1.27- 2.24), and maternal infection (aOR 1.90,95%CI 1.31-2.77), with comparable neonatal outcomes. For the second analysis, 9712 IVF pregnancies were included (n = 6950 < 38 years, and n = 2762 ≥ 38 years). Women ≥ 38 years who underwent IVF were more likely to experience hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, CS, hysterectomy and blood transfusion, with comparable neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: IVF AMA pregnancies have a significant increase in myriad perinatal complications compared to spontaneous AMA pregnancies. Younger women undergoing IVF have mildly less complications than their older counterparts.
Cause-specific mortality of grand multiparous women in Finland.; Knowledge is limited on mortality of grand multiparous women (> or =5 deliveries), whose hormonal, metabolic, and social conditions differ from the average. The authors studied overall and cause-specific mortality in 1974-2001 among 87,922 grand multiparous women including 3,678 grand grand multiparous women (> or =10 deliveries) in Finland. Standardized mortality ratios were defined as ratios of observed to expected numbers of deaths, both derived from national cause-of-death files. During follow-up, 18,870 grand multiparous women and 625 grand grand multiparous women died (standardized mortality ratios (SMRs) = 0.95 and 1.01, respectively). Decreased mortality among grand multiparous women was found for cancers of the breast (SMR = 0.64, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.59, 0.69), corpus uteri (SMR = 0.68, 95% CI: 0.56, 0.80), ovary (SMR = 0.68, 95% CI: 0.60, 0.75), bladder (SMR = 0.59, 95% CI: 0.41, 0.82), and respiratory tract (SMR = 0.80, 95% CI: 0.72, 0.88). The only malignant tumor associated with elevated mortality was kidney cancer (SMR = 1.38, 95% CI: 1.21, 1.56). The standardized mortality ratio was also low for dementia (SMR = 0.78, 95% CI: 0.72, 0.84), respiratory diseases (SMR = 0.80, 95% CI: 0.75, 0.85), and accidents and violent causes (SMR = 0.79, 95% CI: 0.73, 0.84). Mortality from diabetes mellitus (SMR = 1.42, 95% CI: 1.29, 1.55) and ischemic heart disease (SMR = 1.10, 95% CI: 1.08, 1.13) was increased. According to this study, overall mortality among grand multiparous women is not elevated. Low mortality from cancers is offset by higher mortality from cardiovascular conditions and diabetes mellitus.
Lifestyle intervention for prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care: one-year follow-up of the Finnish National Diabetes Prevention Program (FIN-D2D).; OBJECTIVE: To investigate 1-year outcomes of a national diabetes prevention program in Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Altogether 10,149 individuals at high risk for diabetes were identified with the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC; scoring ≥15 points), by a history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease, or gestational diabetes mellitus in 400 primary health care centers. One-year follow-up data were available for 2,798 participants who were nondiabetic at baseline (919 men and 1,879 women, aged 56.0 ± 9.9 and 54.0 ± 10.7 years [mean ± SD] with BMI 30.9 ± 4.6 and 31.6 ± 5.4 kg/m(2)). RESULTS: The incidence of diabetes was 2.0 and 1.2% in men and women with normal glucose tolerance at baseline, 13.5 and 7.4% in those with IFG, and 16.1 and 11.3% in those with IGT, respectively. Altogether 17.5% of the subjects lost ≥ 5% weight with no sex difference. The relative risk of diabetes was 0.31 (95% CI 0.16-0.59) in the group who lost ≥ 5% weight, 0.72 (0.46-1.13) in the group who lost 2.5-4.9% weight, and 1.10 (0.77-1.58) in the group who gained ≥ 2.5% compared with the group who maintained weight. CONCLUSIONS: The FIN-D2D was the first national effort to implement the prevention of diabetes in a primary health care setting. Methods for recruiting high-risk subjects were simple and easy to use. Moderate weight loss in this very high-risk group was especially effective in reducing risk of diabetes among those participating in the program.
Foetal and childhood exposure to famine and the risks of cardiometabolic conditions in adulthood: A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies.; A systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies was performed to provide a deeper understanding of the associations between foetal and childhood exposure to famine and the risks of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, hypertension, hyperglycaemia, dyslipidaemia, obesity, overweight, coronary heart disease, stroke, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in adulthood. Both foetal and childhood exposure to famine were positively associated with the risks of T2DM (foetal exposure: RR 1.37, 95% CI, 1.23-1.52; childhood exposure: RR 1.33, 95% CI, 1.08-1.64), metabolic syndrome (RR 1.26, 95% CI, 1.07-1.50; RR 1.24, 95% CI, 1.13-1.35), hypertension (RR 1.30, 95% CI, 1.07-1.57; RR 1.33, 95% CI, 1.02-1.74), hyperglycaemia (RR 1.27, 95% CI, 1.11-1.45; RR 1.25, 95% CI, 1.10-1.42), dyslipidaemia (RR 1.48, 95% CI, 1.33-1.66; RR 1.27, 95% CI, 1.12-1.45), obesity (RR 1.19, 95% CI, 1.02-1.39; RR 1.13, 95% CI, 1.00-1.28), overweight (RR 1.17, 95% CI, 1.07-1.29; RR 1.07, 95% CI, 1.00-1.14), coronary heart disease (RR 1.22, 95% CI, 1.00-1.51; RR 1.21, 95% CI, 1.09-1.35), and moderate-to-severe NAFLD (RR 1.66, 95% CI, 1.07-2.57; RR 1.68, 95% CI, 1.41-1.99) in adulthood. No association was observed for the risks of stroke or mild NAFLD. Adjustments for age, alcohol, smoking, body mass index, and physical activity nullified some associations. The associations were generally stronger in women than in men. In summary, foetal and childhood exposure to famine may confer greater risks of developing certain cardiometabolic conditions in adulthood, particularly in women. The extent to which risks for cardiometabolic conditions are associated with early-life famine appears to be determined by certain factors in adulthood.
Estrous behavior and pituitary and brain cell nuclear retention of [3H]estradiol in chronically insulin-deficient female rats.; Chronic insulin deficiency, produced by administration of 60 mg/kg streptozotocin, leads to reduced estrous behavior and lower estradiol uptake in both whole homogenate and cell nuclear fractions of hypothalamus-preoptic area and pituitary gland in ovariectomized rats. High dietary fat intake produces an ameliorative effect on both lordosis behavior and estradiol uptake, relative to animals fed a standard, carbohydrate-rich diet. Plasma glucose levels are significantly correlated with estradiol uptake levels in brain and pituitary, and with plasma radioactivity levels. The data support the hypothesis that some of the reproductive dysfunctions manifest in female diabetic rats are the result of alterations in nuclear binding of estradiol by central nervous tissue, and that chronic fuel deprivation may represent an important correlate of disruptions in normal steroid action among diabetics.
[Diagnosis and management of type 2 diabetes].; In 2010, the American Diabetes Association included glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) as a criterion for the diagnosis of diabetes with a cut-off point of ≥ 6.5%. However, there may be a substantial percentage of false negative results. Other scientific societies have accepted this approach but with slight differences. HbA1c complements, but does not substitute, basal glycemia as a screening and diagnostic test or the 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test. HbA1c should not be used for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes. Interpretation of HbA1c is limited in persons with anemia and hemoglobinopathies. Therefore, in addition to its sensitivity and specificity, its costs and the epidemiological situation should also be evaluated. An important question is whether almost normal HbA1c levels are safe in patients with type 2 diabetes. The results of the ACCORD, ADVANCE and VADT trials are contradictory and have aroused considerable controversy. However, the extensions of the UKPDS and STENO-2 studies have shown the benefits of good glycemic control in the long term. As a general rule, a target of HbA1c < 7% seems appropriate. In patients at low risk of hypoglycemic episodes, short disease duration and young persons, HbA1c < 6.5% can be considered. In patients with frequent hypoglycemic episodes, the elderly and persons with short life expectancy, values of more than 7% are acceptable. This target should be achieved through individualized, early, intensive and safe treatment, without risk of hypoglycemia, and should be integrated in an overall program of cardiovascular risk prevention.
The rs1625579 T>G polymorphism in the miRNA-13 gene confers a risk of early- onset Kawasaki disease in a southern Chinese population.; BACKGROUND: Kawasaki disease (KD) mainly manifests as excessive inflammation and vascular endothelial cell injury. This disease generally occurs in children younger than 5 years of age and is more severe in children younger than 12 months. KD affects males and females at a ratio of 1.5:1. Polymorphisms of the rs1625579 locus in the miR-13 gene are associated with schizophrenia susceptibility, and high glucose-induced upregulation of miR-137 in vascular endothelial cells promotes monocyte chemotaxis and inflammatory cytokine secretion in gestational diabetes mellitus. However, researchers have not reported whether rs1625579 is associated with KD susceptibility or onset. Therefore, we investigated the relationship between the miRNA-13 rs1625579 T>G polymorphism and KD susceptibility. METHODS: TaqMan real-time polymerase chain reaction was applied to determine the genotypes of 532 patients with KD (365 males and 167 females) and 623 control subjects (402 males and 221 females). RESULTS: Comparison of all cases with all controls revealed that the rs1625579 T>G polymorphism was not associated with KD susceptibility. However, a subgroup analysis revealed that subjects with the rs1625579 TG/GG genotypes exhibited a significantly higher onset risk for KD before 12 months of age than carriers of the TT genotype (adjusted age and gender odds ratio=1.99, 95% CI=1.04-3.83; P=0.039). CONCLUSION: Our results indicate that the rs1625579 T>G polymorphism confers a risk of early-onset KD in southern Chinese children.
Impact of Preeclampsia and Parity on Sex-based Discrepancies in Subclinical Carotid Atherosclerosis in Type 1 Diabetes.; CONTEXT: The excess risk of fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular events is roughly twice as high in women than in men with type 1 diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the impact of preeclampsia and parity on sex-based discrepancies in preclinical atherosclerosis and on the diagnostic performance of a cardiovascular risk scale. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Single tertiary hospital. PATIENTS: A total of 728 people with type 1 diabetes (48.5% women) without cardiovascular disease and age ≥40 years, nephropathy, and/or ≥10 years of diabetes duration with another risk factor. INTERVENTION: Standardized carotid ultrasonography. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Carotid plaque determined by ultrasonography and cardiovascular risk estimated according to the Steno T1 Risk Engine (Steno-Risk). RESULTS: Nulliparous women and parous women without previous preeclampsia had a lower risk for carotid plaque than men (adjusted odds ratio: .48, 95% confidence interval [.28-.82]; adjusted odds ratio: .51 [.33-.79], respectively), without differences in the preeclampsia group. The prevalence of carotid plaque increased as the estimated cardiovascular risk increased in all subgroups except for preeclampsia group. The area under the curve of the Steno-Risk for identifying ≥2 carotid plaques was lower in the preeclampsia group (men: .7886; nulliparous women: .9026; women without preeclampsia: .8230; preeclampsia group: .7841; P between groups = .042). Neither the addition of parity nor preeclampsia in the Steno-Risk led to a statistically significant increase in the area under the curve. CONCLUSION: The risk for carotid plaque in women compared with men decreased as exposure to obstetric factors diminished. However, the addition of these factors did not improve the prediction of the Steno-Risk.
[Parental ageing and Assisted Reproduction Technologies: analysis of risk of chronic diseases in the progeny].; Conception of a child at advanced parental age (> 35 years) has been steadily increasing in recent decades, especially in developed countries. Socio-economic factors, effective contraceptives, and the availability of Assisted Reproduction Technologies (ART) have a direct impact on postponing the decision to have a baby. ART enables reproductive success for people diagnosed as infertile or with reduced possibilities of becoming pregnant due to concomitant pathologies. Epidemiological studies indicate that both advanced parental age and ART are associated with pathologies of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, risk of pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, placental abruption, preterm labor, stillbirth, neurodevelopmental disorders and chronic disease of the offspring. In our work, we will focus on the available information on metabolic changes that increase the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases in the offspring of parents at an advanced age and conceived through ART. Finally, we will address the sources of the observed disturbances at the gamete and embryo level, related to oxygen stress, epigenetic modifications and DNA damage, considering possible rescue actions.
Non-communicable Diseases in Pregnant and Postpartum Women Living with HIV: Implications for Health Throughout the Life Course.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The development of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in pregnant women living with HIV can be a harbinger of future NCD-related morbidity and mortality. This review focuses on the NCDs that complicate pregnancy and the postpartum period, including hypertensive complications, hyperglycemic disorders, excessive gestational weight gain, and bone mineral density losses. For each disease process, we explore the role of HIV as a possible driver of excess risk, the immediate consequences of these complications on pregnancy outcomes and maternal and infant health, and possible implications for long-term women's health. RECENT FINDINGS: Countries with the highest burden of HIV also shoulder a high burden of NCDs that complicate pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, hyperglycemic disorders, weight gain, and osteopenia. This double burden of disease is a significant public health threat for reproductive-age women, with the potential for serious short- and long-term consequences for both women and their infants. Additionally, as the global first-line antiretroviral therapy regimens increasingly include integrase inhibitors, unhealthy weight gain associated with this drug class poses additional risk for NCD-related pregnancy complications and their persistence postpartum. Further research is needed to better define prevalence of NCD complications in pregnancy, elucidate HIV-specific and traditional factors associated with poor outcomes, and to develop interventions to reduce risk and avoid downstream complications in those at highest risk.
Multifetal gestations with assisted reproductive technique before the single-embryo transfer legislation: obstetric, neonatal outcomes and congenital anomalies.; OBJECTIVE: To compare perinatal, neonatal outcome and congenital anomalies of multiple gestations conceived by means of assisted reproductive techniques with spontaneously conceived multiples before the limitation of number of embryo transfer. METHODS: Cases consisted of assisted reproductive technique (ART) multifetal gestations and control group comprised of spontaneously conceived multifetal gestations delivered in the same time period. Outcomes were perinatal, neonatal outcome, long-term outcomes and congenital anomalies of multiple gestations. There were 270 multifetal pregnancies for analysis, of which 137 were achieved by ART and 133 were spontaneous in this prospective study. RESULTS: Incidences of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, deep vein thrombosis, thrombocytopenia, intrahepatic cholestasis and preterm premature rupture of membranes were similar in ART and spontaneous groups. There was no difference in fetal malformation rates between ART and control group, but higher rates of central nervous system malformation were observed (4 (1.5%) in control, 0 in ART group, p = 0.04) in spontaneous group. No difference was seen in the perinatal mortality. CONCLUSIONS: Neonatal and maternal outcomes are comparable between ART and spontaneous multifetal gestations. Congenital fetal malformation rates between ART and spontaneous multifetal pregnancies were similar except central nervous system malformation that was more likely in spontaneously conceived ones.
Associations of Diet with Cardiometabolic and Inflammatory Profiles in Pregnant Women at Risk for Metabolic Complications.; Dietary intakes play an important role in the development of metabolic complications during pregnancy. While reported observational studies reveal an inverse association of healthy diets with weight gain, gestational diabetes, and hypertensive complications during pregnancy, there is a paucity of studies conducted among women of specific ethnicities vulnerable to higher risks of pregnancy complications. This is a secondary cross sectional analysis using baseline data from a previously reported clinical trial. We aim to identify associations of maternal habitual dietary intakes with cardiometabolic risks and inflammatory profiles in primarily African American (AA) and Hispanic women in the first half of pregnancy. Fifty-two women met the study criteria and anthropometric, clinical, and dietary data were obtained at baseline. Linear regression analysis was used to determine associations after covariate adjustments. Among the maternal dietary nutrient intakes, total fats were positively associated with maternal body weight, BMI, and serum CRP (β ± SE: 0.25 ± 0.13, 0.28 ± 0.18, and 0.29 ± 0.14, respectively, all p < 0.05), and saturated fats were positively associated with glycated hemoglobin (0.32 ± 0.12). Dietary fiber intake showed a consistent inverse association with body weight (-0.26 ± 0.13), BMI (-0.19 ± 0.15), glycated hemoglobin (-0.22 ± 0.16), as well as serum CRP (-0.19 ± 0.14). Among the maternal food group intakes, dairy intake was inversely associated with systolic blood pressure (-0.18 ± 0.15) and serum IL-6 (-0.22 ± 0.17), and vegetable intake showed an inverse association with serum CRP (-0.17 ± 0.12) all in adjusted analyses (all p < 0.05). Thus, maternal diet modifications, especially decreasing fats and increasing fiber and dairy may help address obesity and inflammation leading to pregnancy complications in AA and Hispanic women.
Hypertension clinical guideline 2000.; OUTCOMES: Extensive data from many randomised controlled trials have shown the benefit of treating hypertension. The target blood pressure (BP) for antihypertensive management should be systolic < 140 mmHg and diastolic < 90 mmHg, with minimal or no drug side-effects. However, a lesser reduction will elicit benefit, although this is not optimal. The reduction of BP in the elderly and in those with severe hypertension should be achieved gradually over 6 months. Stricter BP control is required for patients with end-organ damage, coexisting risk factors and co-morbidity, e.g. diabetes mellitus. Coexistent risk factors should also be controlled. BENEFITS: Reduction in risk of stroke, cardiac failure, renal insufficiency and probably coronary artery disease. The major precautions and contraindications to each antihypertensive drug recommended are listed. RECOMMENDATIONS: Correct BP measurement procedure is described. Evaluation of cardiovascular risk factors and recommendations for antihypertensive therapy are stipulated. The total cardiovascular disease risk profile should be determined for all patients and this should inform management strategies. Lifestyle modification and patient education play an essential role in the management strategy. DRUG THERAPY: First line--low-dose diuretics; second line--add one of the following: reserpine, beta-blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors or calcium channel blockers; third line--add another second-line drug or hydralazine or an alpha-blocker. The guideline includes management of specific situations, e.g. hypertensive emergency or urgency, severe hypertension with target organ damage and refractory hypertension (BP > 160/95 mmHg on triple therapy), hypertension in diabetes mellitus, etc. VALIDATION: The guideline was developed by the Executive Committee of the Southern African Hypertension Society with consensus meeting endorsement, and is endorsed by the South African Medical Association Guideline Commitee.
Fetal Echocardiography Indications and Lack of Association between Abnormal Exams and Advanced Maternal Age: A Cross-Sectional Study - Fetal Abnormal Echocardiography.; OBJECTIVE:  To analyze the most frequent referrals for fetal echocardiography, including advanced maternal age and its association with abnormal results. METHODS:  We included all pregnant women referred to perform fetal echocardiography (gestational age 22-32 weeks) in 2 health centers in Rio de Janeiro, from June 2015 to June 2016. Advanced maternal age was considered when age was > 35 years at the time of delivery). Referral reasons and results were recorded, according to the Brazilian Fetal Cardiology Statement. Crude and adjusted prevalence ratios were calculated (Poisson regression). We considered p < 0.05 as significant. RESULTS:  A total of 1,221 tests were analyzed. Abnormal fetal echocardiography was observed in 14.82% of the cases. The most frequent abnormalities were interventricular septal defect (6.39%), septal hypertrophy (3.35%) and atrioventricular septal defect (1.14%). Routine exams were performed in 559 women, 289 were referred for advanced maternal age and 373 were referred according to the Brazilian Fetal Cardiology Statement criteria. An obstetric ultrasound suggesting fetal cardiac abnormality, maternal diabetes, increased nuchal translucency, and obstetric ultrasound suggesting a noncardiac abnormality were strongly associated with an abnormal fetal echocardiography. Abnormal results were not more frequent in women with advanced maternal age when compared with the rest of the study group. CONCLUSIONS:  It was observed that routine exams and advanced maternal age referrals were very frequent. Those exams were not associated to fetal echocardiography abnormalities. In this scenario, when the obstetric ultrasound suggests a fetal cardiac abnormality, the fetal echocardiography probably is abnormal. Therefore, obstetric ultrasound is a good screening method.
Metabolic signatures of pregnancy-induced cardiac growth.; The goal of this study was to develop an atlas of the metabolic, transcriptional, and proteomic changes that occur with pregnancy in the maternal heart. Timed pregnancy studies in FVB/NJ mice revealed a significant increase in heart size by day 8 of pregnancy (midpregnancy; MP), which was sustained throughout the rest of the term compared with nonpregnant control mice. Cardiac hypertrophy and myocyte cross-sectional area were highest 7 days after birth (postbirth; PB) and were associated with significant increases in end-diastolic and end-systolic left ventricular volumes and higher cardiac output. Metabolomics analyses revealed that by day 16 of pregnancy (late pregnancy; LP) metabolites associated with nitric oxide production as well as acylcholines, sphingomyelins, and fatty acid species were elevated, which coincided with a lower activation state of phosphofructokinase and higher levels of pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase 4 (Pdk4) and β-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase 1 (Bdh1). In the postpartum period, urea cycle metabolites, polyamines, and phospholipid levels were markedly elevated in the maternal heart. Cardiac transcriptomics in LP revealed significant increases in not only Pdk4 and Bdh1 but also genes that regulate glutamate and ketone body oxidation, which were preceded in MP by higher expression of transcripts controlling cell proliferation and angiogenesis. Proteomics analysis of the maternal heart in LP and PB revealed significant reductions in several contractile filament and mitochondrial subunit complex proteins. Collectively, these findings describe the coordinated molecular changes that occur in the maternal heart during and after pregnancy.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Little is known of the underlying molecular and cellular mechanisms that contribute to pregnancy-induced cardiac growth. Several lines of evidence suggest that changes in cardiac metabolism may contribute. Here, we provide a comprehensive metabolic atlas of the metabolomic, proteomic, and transcriptomic changes occurring in the maternal heart. We show that pregnancy-induced cardiac growth is associated with changes in glycerophospholipid, nucleotide, and amino acid metabolism, with reductions in cardiac glucose catabolism. Collectively, these results suggest that substantial metabolic changes occur in the maternal heart during and after pregnancy.
Perinatal antecedents of moderate and severe neonatal hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy: An Australian birth cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Neonatal hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (HIE) is the most common cause of encephalopathy in the neonatal period and carries a high risk of mortality and long-term morbidity. AIM: The aim of this study was to investigate key antecedents of moderate and severe HIE in a large contemporary birth cohort. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of births meeting criteria was conducted between 2016 and 2020 at the Mater Mothers' Hospital, Brisbane, Australia. This is a quaternary perinatal centre and Australia's largest maternity hospital. Univariate and multivariate Firth logistic regression were used to account for imbalanced frequency classes between non-HIE and HIE groups. Maternal variables and intrapartum factors were investigated for associations with neonatal moderate and severe HIE. RESULTS: Overall, 133 of 46 041 (0.29%) infants were diagnosed with HIE: 77 (0.17%) with mild HIE and 56 (0.12%) with moderate/severe HIE. Nulliparity, type 1 diabetes mellitus and maternal intensive care unit admission were associated with increased odds of moderate/severe HIE. Intrapartum risk factors included emergency caesarean birth, emergency caesarean for non-reassuring fetal status or failure to process, intrapartum haemorrhage and an intrapartum sentinel event (shoulder dystocia, cord prolapse, uterine rupture and placental abruption). Neonatal risk factors included male sex, late preterm gestation (35(+0) -36(+6)  weeks), Apgar score less than four at 5 min, severe respiratory distress requiring ventilatory support and severe acidosis at birth. CONCLUSIONS: This cohort study identified a series of potentially modifiable maternal and obstetric risk factors for HIE. Risk factors for HIE do not appear to have changed significantly with evolution in modern obstetric care.
Pre-eclampsia: contribution of maternal constitutional factors and the consequences for cardiovascular health.; 1. Pre-eclampsia is a serious complication of pregnancy that is potentially life threatening for both the mother and baby. It encompasses a number of abnormalities that may be present in other clinical conditions. 2. A placenta is essential for the development of pre-eclampsia and can be important in the pathogenesis of pre-eclampsia. Normal pregnancy is associated with remodelling of the maternal spiral arteries, which deliver blood to the placental villous space. Remodelling involves invasion by placental cytotrophoblasts that cause the maternal spiral arteries to lose their smooth muscle and become capacitance vessels; this process, known as placentation, is complete by 20 weeks of pregnancy. Poor placentation is associated with small-for-gestational-age fetuses and some cases of pre-eclampsia. It is thought that poor placentation can result in a hypoxic placenta that releases 'toxic substances' into the maternal circulation, contributing to the maternal syndrome. A number of candidate 'toxic substances' have been proposed, but none is universally raised in pre-eclampsia. 3. Although the placenta is necessary for the development of pre-eclampsia, the extent to which placental abnormalities contribute to the condition varies. It is becoming apparent that maternal constitutional factors may also be important in this syndrome. Underlying hypertension, diabetes and obesity strongly predispose to pre-eclampsia. However, a continuum of risk may exist for blood pressure, bodyweight, glucose and lipids, which, in combination with each other and some degree of placental abnormalities, may lead to the development of pre-eclampsia. 4. The present review will focus on the maternal constitutional factors that define the metabolic syndrome and examine their contribution to pre-eclampsia and the long-term consequences for cardiovascular health.
[Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher relative risk for vascular disease. Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Diabetic women also feature sexual dysfunctions much more frequently than non-diabetic women which should be addressed in clinical care. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
The effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in adult patients with diabetes type 2: A Systematic Review.; REVIEW QUESTION/OBJECTIVE: The objective of this systematic review is to synthesise the best available evidence on the effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in adult patients with diabetes type 2.The specific review question is:What is the effectiveness of physical leisure time activities on glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2? BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes results from the body's ineffective use of insulin. Diabetes is a group of diseases marked by high levels of blood glucose resulting from defects in insulin production, insulin action, or both.Type 2 diabetes was previously called non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or adult-onset diabetes. According to 2011 National Diabetes Fact Sheet, diabetes affected 25.8 million people of all ages of United States population during 2005-2008, include 18.8 million diagnosed people and seven million undiagnosed people. Among United States residents ages 65 years and older, 10.9 million, or 26.9 percent, had diabetes in 2010. Recent World Health Organization (WHO) calculations indicate diabetes kills more than one million people annually, almost 80% of which occur in low- and middle-income countries. Almost half of diabetes deaths occur in people aged under 70 years; 55% of diabetes deaths are in women. WHO projects that diabetes deaths will double between 2005 and 2030.Type 2 diabetes is associated with older age, obesity, family history of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, impaired glucose metabolism, physical inactivity, and race. It is a common outcome of uncontrolled blood sugar and over time leads to serious complications including hypertension, blindness, kidney damage, lower-limb amputations, heart disease, and stroke. Good glycaemic control is a major goal in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus to prevent and delay those severe long-term complications. Physical activity is considered to be a substantial part of the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus, as well as diet and medication. Physical activity is a common physiological stressor that causes perturbation to glucose homeostasis and energy needs.Several studies have reported the effects of physical activity on improving insulin sensitivity, cardio-respiratory fitness, glycaemic control, and psychosocial well-being. The American Diabetes Association suggests that people with type 2 diabetes spend at least 150 minutes a week on moderate-intensity physical activity (50-70% of maximum heart rate), or at least 90 minutes a week on vigorous physical activity (>70% of maximum heart rate). Recent studies also indicate that moderate-intensity aerobic physical activity could help type 2 diabetes patients to maintain ideal glycaemic control. Boule et al found physical activity training could reduce haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (control group vs. exercise group: 8.31% vs. 7.65%) by 0.66%. This is close to the effect of intense glucose-lowering pharmacological treatment found in the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study. A 1% absolute decrease in the HbA1c value is associated with a 15% to 20% decrease in major cardiovascular events and a 37% reduction in microvascular complications.According to Zhao, Ford, Chaoyang's report (2011), only 25-42% of older adults with diabetes mellitus met recommendations for total physical activity based on the 2007 American Diabetes Association and 2008 Department of Health and Human Services guidelines. Various barriers to regular physical activity had been described, such as health problems, lack of time or energy, no exercise partner, lack of family support, and motivation and working time. An active lifestyle does not require complex exercise programmes. Instead, regular daily physical activity is believed to enable individuals to reduce the risk of chronic diseases and may enhance their quality of life. Recently, it has been thought that, instead of structured physical activity, lifestyle physical activity is a better alternative for diabetes patients. Moderate or vigorous lifestyle or leisure time physical activities included jogging, walking, gardening, tai chi chuan, and qigong (an ancient Chinese breathing exercise that combines aerobics, isometric and isotonic movements and meditation). According to data from recent studies, moderate physical leisure time activities for at least 60 minutes every week can effectively improve glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2.Those measure indicators of glycaemic control including glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) were used to assess glycaemic control in diabetic patients. HbA1c value reflects the mean plasma glucose concentration over two to three months. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) reflect short-term plasma glucose change. Glycated haemoglobin is a form ofhaemoglobin that is measured primarily to identify the averageplasmaglucoseconcentration over prolonged periods of time. The fasting plasma glucose test measures fasting blood sugar levels and the postprandial plasma glucose test is often used to test the effectiveness of the body's carbohydrate metabolism and the ability to produce insulin. In 2010, Psaltopoulou et al gathered current information from meta-analyses on dietary and lifestyle practices concerning reduction of risk to develop type 2 diabetes. In 2009, Thomas et al completed a systematic review in which fourteen randomised controlled trials involving a total of 377 participants comparing exercise against no exercise in type 2 diabetes were identified. Trials ranged from eight weeks to twelve months duration. Compared with the control, the exercise intervention significantly improved glycaemic control as indicated by a decrease in glycated haemoglobin levels of 0.6%. This systematic review will differ from these two previously published reviews in that it aims to explore the effectiveness of different kinds of moderate or vigorous physical leisure time activities in improving glycaemic control in patients with diabetes type 2. A search of MEDLINE, DARE database, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library of Systematic Reviews and Joanna Briggs Institute Library of Systematic Reviews found no existing reviews or review underway on this topic.
Placenta-Derived Adherent Stromal Cells Improve Diabetes Mellitus-Associated Left Ventricular Diastolic Performance.; Left ventricular (LV) diastolic dysfunction is among others attributed to cardiomyocyte stiffness. Mesenchymal stromal cells (MSC) have cardiac-protective properties. We explored whether intravenous (i.v.) application of PLacenta-eXpanded (PLX) MSC-like cells (PLX) improves LV diastolic relaxation in streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic mice and investigated underlying mechanisms. Diabetes mellitus was induced by STZ application (50 mg/kg body weight) during five subsequent days. One week after the first STZ injection, PLX or saline were i.v. applied. Two weeks later, mice were hemodynamically characterized and sacrificed. At this early stage of diabetic cardiomyopathy with low-grade inflammation and no cardiac fibrosis, PLX reduced LV vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, transforming growth factor-β1, and interferon-γ mRNA expression, induced the percentage of circulating regulatory T cells, and decreased the splenic pro-fibrotic potential in STZ mice. STZ + PLX mice exhibited higher LV vascular endothelial growth factor mRNA expression and arteriole density versus STZ mice. In vitro, hyperglycemic PLX conditioned medium restored the hyperglycemia-impaired tube formation and adhesion capacity of human umbelical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) via increasing nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability. PLX further induced the diabetes-downregulated activity of the NO downstream protein kinase G, as well as of protein kinase A, in STZ mice, which was associated with a raise in phosphorylation of the titin isoforms N2BA and N2B. Concomitantly, the passive force was lower in single isolated cardiomyocytes from STZ + PLX versus from STZ mice, which led to an improvement of LV diastolic relaxation. We conclude that i.v. PLX injection improves diabetes mellitus-associated diastolic performance via decreasing cardiomyocyte stiffness. Stem Cells Translational Medicine 2017;6:2135-2145.
Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes of Sub-clinical Hypothyroidism Treated With Levothyroxine in Pregnancy: A Retrospective Cohort Study.; INTRODUCTION: The effect of sub-clinical hypothyroidism (SCH) in pregnancy has been controversial. Furthermore, the impact of levothyroxine replacement on improving outcomes in pregnant women with SCH is unknown. This study aimed to assess the maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with SCH who were treated with levothyroxine replacement. METHODS: This retrospective chart review was conducted at a tertiary hospital in Iran between 2020 and 2022. All pregnant women who had given birth during the study period were recruited. Those who did not have thyroid function test results within 10-12 weeks, as well as those with SCH who did not have levothyroxine replacement, were excluded. The subjects were divided into two groups based on the 2017 American Thyroid Association (ATA) criteria: non-SCH (TSH values 0.27-2.5 mIU/L) and SCH (TSH values more than 4.0 mIU/L). The demographic, obstetric, maternal, and neonatal outcomes of both groups were compared. The Chi-square test was used to compare the categorical variables. Binary logistic regression was used to assess differences in categorical variables. RESULTS: With a frequency of 10.5%, 935 women out of 8888 were diagnosed with SCH. In terms of age, educational level, living residency, medical insurance, access to prenatal care, and smoking status, there were no differences between the two groups. In terms of gestational age, parity, onset of labor, history of infertility, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, anemia, and overt diabetes, there were no differences between the two groups; however, gestational diabetes was more common in those with SCH. Compared with the non-SCH group, the prevalence and risks of gestational diabetes [19.8 vs. 14.2, odds ratio (OR) = 1.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.72-3.95] were significantly higher in the SCH group after controlling for confounding factors. There were no differences in neonatal outcomes between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Except for gestational diabetes, we found no significant adverse events in terms of maternal and neonatal outcomes among women with SCH who were treated with levothyroxine.
Adipsin in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases.; Adipsin is an adipokine predominantly synthesized in adipose tissues and released into circulation. It is also known as complement factor-D (CFD), acting as the rate-limiting factor in the alternative complement pathway and exerting essential functions on the activation of complement system. The deficiency of CFD in humans is a very rare condition. However, complement overactivation has been implicated in the etiology of numerous disorders, including cardiovascular disease (CVD). Increased circulating level of adipsin has been reported to promote vascular derangements, systemic inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction. Prospective and case-control studies showed that this adipokine is directly associated with all-cause death and rehospitalization in patients with coronary artery disease. Adipsin has also been implicated in pulmonary arterial hypertension, abdominal aortic aneurysm, pre-eclampsia, and type-2 diabetes which is a major risk factor for CVD. Importantly, serum adipsin has been recognized as a unique prognostic marker for assessing cardiovascular diseases. At present, there is paucity of experimental evidence about the precise role of adipsin in the etiology of CVD. However, this mini review provides some insight on the contribution of adipsin in the pathogenesis of CVD and highlights its role on endothelial, smooth muscle and immune cells that mediate cardiovascular functions.
Urine excretion of C3dg and sC5b-9 coincide with proteinuria and development of preeclampsia in pregnant women with type-1 diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant women with type-1 diabetes have an increased risk of preeclampsia with kidney injury and cardiovascular complications. Urine excretion of plasmin and soluble membrane attack complex (sC5b-9) is elevated in severe preeclampsia. We hypothesized a coupling between these events and that active plasmin promotes intratubular complement activation and membrane deposition. METHODS: Stored urine and plasma samples from pregnant women with type-1 diabetes (n = 88) collected at gestational weeks 12, 20, 28, 32, 36 and 38 were used. In the cohort, 14 women developed preeclampsia and were compared with 16 nonpreeclampsia controls. RESULTS: Urine C3dg and sC5b-9-associated C9 neoantigen/creatinine ratios increased and were significantly higher in women who developed preeclampsia. Plasma concentrations did not change with gestation. Urine plasmin(ogen) correlated to urine C3dg (r = 0.51, P < 0.001) and C9 neoantigen (r = 0.68, P < 0.001); urine albumin correlated to C3dg (r = 0.44, P < 0.001) and C9 (r = 0.59, P < 0.001). Membrane-associated C3dg and C9 neoantigen was detected in urinary extracellular vesicles from patients but not controls at 36 weeks. Receiver operating characteristic curves showed that C3dg and C9 neoantigen were inferior to albumin as predictive biomarkers for preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: In preeclampsia, urinary excretion of activated complement relates significantly to albuminuria and to plasmin(ogen) but not to activation in plasma. Intratubular complement activation in preeclampsia is a postfiltration event tightly related to proteinuria/plasminogenuria and a possible mechanistic link to cellular damage and kidney injury.
The impact of early nutrition on the ageing trajectory.; Epidemiological studies, including those in identical twins, and in individuals in utero during periods of famine have provided robust evidence of strong correlations between low birth-weight and subsequent risk of disease in later life, including type 2 diabetes (T2D), CVD, and metabolic syndrome. These and studies in animal models have suggested that the early environment, especially early nutrition, plays an important role in mediating these associations. The concept of early life programming is therefore widely accepted; however the molecular mechanisms by which early environmental insults can have long-term effects on a cell and consequently the metabolism of an organism in later life, are relatively unclear. So far, these mechanisms include permanent structural changes to the organ caused by suboptimal levels of an important factor during a critical developmental period, changes in gene expression caused by epigenetic modifications (including DNA methylation, histone modification and microRNA) and permanent changes in cellular ageing. Many of the conditions associated with early-life nutrition are also those which have an age-associated aetiology. Recently, a common molecular mechanism in animal models of developmental programming and epidemiological studies has been development of oxidative stress and macromolecule damage, specifically DNA damage and telomere shortening. These are phenotypes common to accelerated cellular ageing. Thus, this review will encompass epidemiological and animal models of developmental programming with specific emphasis on cellular ageing and how these could lead to potential therapeutic interventions and strategies which could combat the burden of common age-associated disease, such as T2D and CVD.
Clinical risk factors of adverse outcomes among women with COVID-19 in the pregnancy and postpartum period: a sequential, prospective meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: This sequential, prospective meta-analysis sought to identify risk factors among pregnant and postpartum women with COVID-19 for adverse outcomes related to disease severity, maternal morbidities, neonatal mortality and morbidity, and adverse birth outcomes. DATA SOURCES: We prospectively invited study investigators to join the sequential, prospective meta-analysis via professional research networks beginning in March 2020. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Eligible studies included those recruiting at least 25 consecutive cases of COVID-19 in pregnancy within a defined catchment area. METHODS: We included individual patient data from 21 participating studies. Data quality was assessed, and harmonized variables for risk factors and outcomes were constructed. Duplicate cases were removed. Pooled estimates for the absolute and relative risk of adverse outcomes comparing those with and without each risk factor were generated using a 2-stage meta-analysis. RESULTS: We collected data from 33 countries and territories, including 21,977 cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy or postpartum. We found that women with comorbidities (preexisting diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease) vs those without were at higher risk for COVID-19 severity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (fetal death, preterm birth, low birthweight). Participants with COVID-19 and HIV were 1.74 times (95% confidence interval, 1.12-2.71) more likely to be admitted to the intensive care unit. Pregnant women who were underweight before pregnancy were at higher risk of intensive care unit admission (relative risk, 5.53; 95% confidence interval, 2.27-13.44), ventilation (relative risk, 9.36; 95% confidence interval, 3.87-22.63), and pregnancy-related death (relative risk, 14.10; 95% confidence interval, 2.83-70.36). Prepregnancy obesity was also a risk factor for severe COVID-19 outcomes including intensive care unit admission (relative risk, 1.81; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-2.60), ventilation (relative risk, 2.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-3.51), any critical care (relative risk, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.28-2.77), and pneumonia (relative risk, 1.66; 95% confidence interval, 1.18-2.33). Anemic pregnant women with COVID-19 also had increased risk of intensive care unit admission (relative risk, 1.63; 95% confidence interval, 1.25-2.11) and death (relative risk, 2.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.15-4.81). CONCLUSION: We found that pregnant women with comorbidities including diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease were at increased risk for severe COVID-19-related outcomes, maternal morbidities, and adverse birth outcomes. We also identified several less commonly known risk factors, including HIV infection, prepregnancy underweight, and anemia. Although pregnant women are already considered a high-risk population, special priority for prevention and treatment should be given to pregnant women with these additional risk factors.
Maternal acute and chronic inflammation in pregnancy is associated with common neurodevelopmental disorders: a systematic review.; Inflammation is increasingly recognized as a cause or consequence of common problems of humanity including obesity, stress, depression, pollution and disease states such as autoimmunity, asthma, and infection. Maternal immune activation (MIA), triggered by both acute and systemic chronic inflammation, is hypothesized to be one of the mechanisms implicated in the pathogenesis of neurodevelopmental disorders (NDD). Although there is substantial preclinical evidence to support the MIA hypothesis, the human evidence is disparate. We performed a systematic review on human studies examining associations between maternal inflammatory states and offspring NDDs (autism spectrum disorder- ASD, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder-ADHD, Tourette syndrome-TS). 32 meta-analyses and 26 additional individual studies were identified. Maternal states associated with ASD include obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, pollution, stress, depression, autoimmune diseases, and infection. Maternal states associated with ADHD include obesity, pre-eclampsia, smoking, low socioeconomic status (SES), stress, autoimmune disease, and asthma. Maternal states associated with TS include low SES, depression, and autoimmune diseases. Diverse maternal inflammatory states in pregnancy are associated with common offspring NDDs. Given the increased prevalence of NDDs, there is urgent need to explore relative and cumulative maternal risk factors and disease mechanisms. Defining preventable risk factors in high-risk pregnancies could mitigate the expression and severity of NDDs.
Insulin degludec. Uncertainty over cardiovascular harms.; Insulin isophane (NPH) is the standard long-acting human insulin for patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Long-acting human insulin analogues are also available: insulin glargine and insulin detemir. Uncertainties remain concerning their long-term adverse effects. Insulin degludec (Tresiba, Novo Nordisk) is another long-acting human insulin analogue, also approved in the EU for patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. It was authorised at a concentration of 100 units per ml, like other insulins, and also at a concentration of 200 units per ml. There are no comparative data on insulin degludec 200 units per ml in patients using high doses of insulin. Insulin degludec has mainly been evaluated in ten randomised, unblinded, "non-inferiority" trials lasting 26 to 52 weeks, nine versus insulin glargine and one versus insulin detemir. Insulin degludec was administered at a fixed time each evening, or in either the morning or evening on alternate days, at varying intervals of 8 to 40 hours between doses. Efficacy in terms of HbA1c control was similar to that of the other insulin analogues administered once a day. The frequency of severe hypoglycaemia was similar in the groups treated with insulin degludec and those treated with the other insulins (10% to 12% among patients with type 1 diabetes and less than 5% in patients with type 2 diabetes). Deaths and other serious adverse events were similarly frequent in the different groups. A meta-analysis of clinical trials, carried out by the US Food and Drug Administration, suggested an increase of about 60% in the incidence of cardiovascular complications, based on a composite endpoint combining myocardial infarction, stroke and cardiovascular death. Other adverse effects observed in these trials were already known to occur with human insulin and its analogues, including weight gain, hypersensitivity reactions, reactions at the injection site, etc. The trials were too short in duration to assess long-term harms, particularly cancer. Clinical experience with insulin degludec in pregnant women is very limited. It is therefore best to avoid using this analogue during pregnancy. In France, the concentration of all other insulins injected with a syringe or prefilled pen is 100 units per ml. The new concentration of 200 units per ml contained in insulin degludec prefilled pens creates a risk of confusion and overdose. In practice, there is already a relatively wide range of options available for patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes who require insulin therapy. As insulin degludec has no proven advantages, it is better to avoid using it, at least pending further data on the risk of cardiovascular events. Insulin isophane remains the first-choice long-acting insulin, while insulin glargine is most appropriate for some patients with type 1 diabetes.
Omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and fish oil supplementation during pregnancy: which evidence?; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to provide evidence-based recommendations for omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy through a systematic review of level-1 data published on this topic. METHODS: We reviewed all randomized-controlled trials (RCTs) including women who were randomized to treatment with either omega-3 supplementation or control (placebo or no treatment) during pregnancy and analyzed all the outcomes reported in the trials, separately. We planned to evaluate the effect of omega-3 on: preterm birth (PTB); pre-eclampsia (PE) and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR); gestational diabetes; perinatal mortality; small for gestational age (SGA) and birth weight; infant eye and brain development; and postpartum depression. RESULTS: We identified 34 RCTs including 14 106 singletons and 2578 twins. These level-1 data showed that omega-3 was not associated with prevention of PTB, PE, IUGR, gestational diabetes, SGA, post-partum depression or better children development. Data about birth weight, perinatal mortality and childhood cognitive outcome were limited. Women with gestational diabetes who received omega-3 had significantly lower serum C-reactive protein concentrations, low incidence of hyperbilirubinemia in newborns and decreased newborns' hospitalization rate. CONCLUSIONS: There was not enough evidence to support the routine use of omega-3 supplementation during pregnancy. Given the 73% significant decrease in perinatal death in the singleton gestations who started omega-3 supplementation ≤ 20 weeks, further research is needed. Large RCTs in multiple gestations and longer follow-up are also required.
Maternal health and non-communicable disease prevention: An investment case for the post COVID-19 world and need for better health economic data.; An integrated approach to population health, disease surveillance, and preventive care will dominate the health agenda in the post COVID-19 world. Because of their huge burden and the vulnerability imposed during a health crisis, prevention and care of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) will need to be prioritized even further. Maternal and child health are inextricably linked with NCDs and their risk factors. The intergenerational impact of poor maternal nutrition and health conditions during pregnancy, particularly NCD-related pregnancy complications, can be considered as a multiplier of the ongoing pandemic of NCDs. The economic cost of poor maternal health and NCD-related pregnancy complications is likely very high, but is not adequately researched or documented in the context of long-term population health. Interventions to address NCDs in pregnancy have beneficial effects on short-term pregnancy outcomes; but even more importantly, identifying "at-risk" mothers and offspring opens up the opportunity for targeted early preventive action. Preventive actions to address obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases have a common lifestyle approach-identifying any one of these problems in pregnancy provides an opportunity to address them all. Cost-benefit analyses that only focus on the short-term and on one condition do not capture the full value of downstream, long-term benefits for population health. This requires urgent attention from FIGO.
The prevention of type 2 diabetes: what is the evidence?; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing in epidemic proportion worldwide. Because of the morbidity and mortality associated with the disease, it is becoming a major burden for the health care system. With a better understanding of the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes, the concept of primary prevention has emerged. A number of studies demonstrated that both lifestyle modification program and pharmacological interventions in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) can prevent or delay the progression to diabetes. The Diabetes Prevention Study (DPS) and the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) convincingly showed that an intensive lifestyle modification program is highly effective in decreasing the risk of diabetes in a high risk population (risk reduction of 58%). Four other smaller studies have made similar observations. The DPP study showed that metformin can reduced the risk of diabetes by 31% in subjects with IGT. The STOP-NIDDM trial confirmed the efficacy of acarbose in decreasing the risk of diabetes by 36% in similar high risk population. The TRIPOD study showed that troglitazone can reduce the incidence of diabetes by 55% in Hispanic women with a history of gestational diabetes. And more recently, the XENDOS study showed that in very obese population on intensive lifestyle modification program, xenical treatment was associated with a 37% reduced incidence of diabetes compared to placebo. Three studies suggested that bariatric surgery in morbidly obese subjects with or without IGT can reduce the incidence of diabetes to near zero. Eight of 10 studies showed that treatment with inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system in high risk population for cardiovascular disease (CVD) were associated with a significant reduction in the subsequent development of diabetes as a secondary outcome. The WOSCOPS study and the HERS study examined the effect of pravastatin and estrogen/progestin respectively on cardiovascular events and observed that these pharmacological interventions were associated with a 30% and 35% reduction in the incidence of diabetes as secondary outcome. There are 3 major trials currently in progress examining the effect of rosiglitazone/ramipril (the DREAM study), nateglinide/valsartan (the NAVIGATOR study) and pioglitazone (the ACT NOW study) on the development of diabetes in IGT subjects as a primary outcome. We also have 3 studies studying the prevention of diabetes as secondary outcomes: the ONTARGET-TRANSCEND study examining telmisartan with or without ramipril, and the ORIGIN study testing glargine insulin/omega 3. The evidence is overwelming-diabetes can be prevented or delayed in high risk population through lifestyle modification or pharmacological interventions. This new information now has to be translated in the real world into well defined strategies for screening and treating high risk population. Prevention of the disease is our only chance to alleviate the ever growing burden of diabetes mellitus in the world.
[Contraception for the diabetic woman].; The various contraceptive methods available today are examined here: natural methods; sterilization; intrauterine devices; oral contraceptives. The analysis of the advantages and disadvantages of each of them indicates that in the diabetic woman low dosages of estrogen-progestins are the most suitable for short-term contraception since they do not seem to influence diabetic control. Once the patient has completed her family, the choice of method for long-term contraception is intrauterine devices or sterilization.
Rural-Urban Differences in Risk Factors for Prediabetes and Undiagnosed Diabetes Among Adult Dwellers in Selected Yoruba-Speaking Parts of Nigeria: A Glycated Haemoglobin-Based Population Screening.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Prevalence of prediabetes and undiagnosed diabetes are different in rural and urban dwellings, with varying driving factors. This study aimed to determine the differences in risk factors of prediabetes and undiagnosed diabetes among Yoruba speaking adult dwellers in selected rural and urban communities in Nigeria using haemoglobin A1c. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted in five selected states in Southwestern Nigeria. Using a multistage sampling technique, 2,537 participants with no prior diagnosis of prediabetes or diabetes mellitus (DM) were enrolled and their glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) determined. Descriptive statistics, univariate and multiple logistic regression analysis was used to determine the prevalence and risk factors of prediabetes and diabetes at 5% level of significance. RESULTS: Increased age, sex, family history of diabetes, being married, participants' history of hypertension, cardiovascular disease and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) or delivery of big babies, BMI, systolic and diastolic blood pressure were significantly associated with prediabetes and diabetes in both urban and rural areas. However, adjusted odds ratio showed that family history of diabetes (2.14, 95% CI: 1.26-3.61 versus 1.36, 95% CI: 1.00-1.85) and past GDM among women (2.67, 95% CI: 0.62, 11.39 versus 1.32, 95% CI: 0.61, 2.89) clearly predict dysglycaemia in the rural compared to urban participants, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Family history of diabetes and past GDM disproportionately predict dysglycaemia in rural compared to urban participants. Periodic screening for dysglycaemia and public health education, especially in child-bearing women, are necessary measures to reduce the burden of dysglycaemia in Nigeria.
Scientific evidence on the links between periodontal diseases and diabetes: Consensus report and guidelines of the joint workshop on periodontal diseases and diabetes by the International Diabetes Federation and the European Federation of Periodontology.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes and periodontitis are chronic non-communicable diseases independently associated with mortality and have a bidirectional relationship. AIMS: To update the evidence for their epidemiological and mechanistic associations and re-examine the impact of effective periodontal therapy upon metabolic control (glycated haemoglobin, HbA1C). EPIDEMIOLOGY: There is strong evidence that people with periodontitis have elevated risk for dysglycaemia and insulin resistance. Cohort studies among people with diabetes demonstrate significantly higher HbA1C levels in patients with periodontitis (versus periodontally healthy patients), but there are insufficient data among people with type 1 diabetes. Periodontitis is also associated with an increased risk of incident type 2 diabetes. MECHANISMS: Mechanistic links between periodontitis and diabetes involve elevations in interleukin (IL)-1-β, tumour necrosis factor-α, IL-6, receptor activator of nuclear factor-kappa B ligand/osteoprotegerin ratio, oxidative stress and Toll-like receptor (TLR) 2/4 expression. INTERVENTIONS: Periodontal therapy is safe and effective in people with diabetes, and it is associated with reductions in HbA1C of 0.27-0.48% after 3 months, although studies involving longer-term follow-up are inconclusive. CONCLUSIONS: The European Federation of Periodontology (EFP) and the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) report consensus guidelines for physicians, oral healthcare professionals and patients to improve early diagnosis, prevention and comanagement of diabetes and periodontitis.
Gestational diabetes and risk of perinatal depression in low- and middle-income countries: a meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The relationship between gestational diabetes (GDM) and the risk of depression has been thoroughly investigated in high-income countries on their financial basis, while it is largely unexplored in low- and middle- income countries. This meta-analysis aims to assess how GDM influences the risk of perinatal depression by searching multiple electronic databases for studies measuring the odds ratios between them in low- and middle-income countries. METHODS: Two independent reviewers searched multiple electronic databases for studies that investigated GDM and perinatal mental disorders on August 31, 2023. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) and confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using the random effect model. Subgroup analyses were further conducted based on the type of study design and country income level. RESULTS: In total, 16 observational studies met the inclusion criteria. Only the number of studies on depression (n=10) satisfied the conditions to conduct a meta-analysis, showing the relationship between mental illness and GDM has been overlooked in low- and middle-income countries. Evidence shows an elevated risk of perinatal depression in women with GDM (pooled OR 1.92; 95% CI 1.24, 2.97; 10 studies). The increased risk of perinatal depression in patients with GDM was not significantly different between cross-sectional and prospective design. Country income level is a significant factor that adversely influences the risk of perinatal depression in GDM patients. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggested that women with GDM are vulnerable to perinatal depressive symptoms, and a deeper understanding of potential risk factors and mechanisms may help inform strategies aimed at prevention of exposure to these complications during pregnancy.
Effect of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy and lactation on neonatal hypoxia-ischemia injury and apoptotic gene expression.; OBJECTIVE: Hypoxia-ischemia (HI) is one of the major disorders that causes a variety of abnormalities and infant mortality. Type 1 diabetes is one of the most common worldwide metabolic disorders, and its prevalence has become one of the public health concerns of the 21st century. This study aims to evaluate the effect of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy and lactation on vulnerability to neonatal HI in rats. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Female Wistar rats (weighing 200 ± 220 g) were randomly assigned into two groups: Group 1 (rats that received 0.5 mL/day of normal saline solution) and Group 2 (type 1 diabetes was induced in rats on the second day of pregnancy with a single dose of intraperitoneal injection of alloxan monohydrate [150 mg/kg]). After delivery, offspring were divided into four groups: (a) Control (Co), (b) Diabetic (DI), (c) Hypoxia-ischemia (HI), (d) HI + Diabetic (HI + DI). Seven days after HI induction, neurobehavioral tests were performed, and then cerebral edema, infarct volume, inflammatory factors, Bax-Bcl2 expression, and oxidative stress were measured. RESULTS: The BAX level in the DI + HI (p = 0.0355) group was significantly higher than the HI group. The Bcl-2 expression levels in the HI (p = 0.0027) and DI + HI (p < 0.0001) groups were significantly lower than the DI group. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) levels in the DI + HI (p < 0.0001) group were significantly lower than HI and CO groups. TNF-α, CRP, and total oxidant status (TOS) levels in the DI + HI (p < 0.0001) group were significantly higher than the HI group. Infarct volume and cerebral edema in the DI + HI (p < 0.0001) group were significantly higher than the HI group. CONCLUSION: According to the results, type 1 diabetes during pregnancy and lactation increased the destructive effects of HI injury in pups. It also decreased the expression of the anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 and increased the expression BAX apoptosis factor gene in pups.
Metabolic Consequences of Gestational Cannabinoid Exposure.; Up to 20% of pregnant women ages 18-24 consume cannabis during pregnancy. Moreover, clinical studies indicate that cannabis consumption during pregnancy leads to fetal growth restriction (FGR), which is associated with an increased risk of obesity, type II diabetes (T2D), and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This is of great concern considering that the concentration of Δ(9)- tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC), a major psychoactive component of cannabis, has doubled over the last decade and can readily cross the placenta and enter fetal circulation, with the potential to negatively impact fetal development via the endocannabinoid (eCB) system. Cannabis exposure in utero could also lead to FGR via placental insufficiency. In this review, we aim to examine current pre-clinical and clinical findings on the direct effects of exposure to cannabis and its constituents on fetal development as well as indirect effects, namely placental insufficiency, on postnatal metabolic diseases.
Insulin resistance and its potential role in pregnancy-induced hypertension.; New-onset hypertension (which includes preeclampsia and gestational hypertension) is a common and morbid complication of pregnancy. Many features of the insulin resistance syndrome have been associated with this condition. These include hypertension, hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, obesity, and lipid abnormalities. Other accompanying abnormalities may include elevated levels of leptin, TNFalpha, tissue plasminogen activator, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and testosterone. The documentation of these features before the onset of hypertension in pregnancy suggests that insulin resistance or associated abnormalities may have a role in this disorder. Furthermore, the recognition that features of the insulin resistance syndrome persist many years after pregnancy among women with this condition raises the possibility that these women may have increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. These observations suggest that interventions to reduce insulin resistance may reduce the risk of both hypertension in pregnancy and later life cardiovascular complications, and warrant further study.
State-of-the-Art Review of Pregnancy-Related Psoriasis.; Psoriasis is a chronic immunologic disease involving inflammation that can target internal organs, the skin, and joints. The peak incidence occurs between the age of 30 and 40 years, which overlaps with the typical reproductive period of women. Because of comorbidities that can accompany psoriasis, including metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular involvement, and major depressive disorders, the condition is a complex one. The role of hormones during pregnancy in the lesion dynamics of psoriasis is unclear, and it is important to resolve the implications of this pathology during pregnancy are. Furthermore, treating pregnant women who have psoriasis represents a challenge as most drugs generally prescribed for this pathology are contraindicated in pregnancy because of teratogenic effects. This review covers the state of the art in psoriasis associated with pregnancy. Careful pregnancy monitoring in moderate-to-severe psoriasis vulgaris is required given the high risk of related complications in pregnancy, including pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders, low birth weight for gestational age, and gestational diabetes. Topical corticosteroids are safe during pregnancy but effective only for localised forms of psoriasis. Monoclonal antibodies targeting cytokines specifically upregulated in psoriasis, such as ustekinumab (IL-12/23 inhibitor), secukinumab (IL-17 inhibitor) can be effective for the severe form of psoriasis during pregnancy. A multidisciplinary team must choose optimal treatment, taking into account fetal and maternal risks and benefits.
Fetal programming of the neuroendocrine-immune system and metabolic disease.; Adverse uterine environments experienced during fetal development can alter the projected growth pattern of various organs and systems of the body, leaving the offspring at an increased risk of metabolic disease. The thrifty phenotype hypothesis has been demonstrated as an alteration to the growth trajectory to improve the survival and reproductive fitness of the individual. However, when the intrauterine environment does not match the extrauterine environment problems can arise. With the increase in metabolic diseases in both Westernized and developing countries, it is becoming apparent that there is an environmental disconnect with the extrauterine environment. Therefore, the focus of this paper will be to explore the effects of maternal malnutrition on the offspring's susceptibility to metabolic disorders such as obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes with emphasis on programming of the neuroendocrine-immune system.
[LP (a) lipoprotein: a new independent risk factor for atherogenesis].; LP(a) lipoprotein, discovered by Berg, appears as an independent risk factor for atherogenesis with a weight similar to that of the total to HDL cholesterol ratio. It is probably synthesized in the liver and its metabolism is similar to that of LDL; however degradation is preferential mediated by monocytes and macrophages. It is structurally related to plasminogen and may interfere with fibrinolysis. In vitro, its atherogenic power surpasses that of LDL. Elevated levels of LP(a) are inherited as an autosomic codominant trait. Increased atherogenic risk, both at coronary and cerebrovascular sites, is associated to plasma LP(a) levels in excess of 20 mg/dl. Its plasma level increases during pregnancy, after menopause, with renal failure and in decompensated insulin dependent diabetes. Plasma levels are decreased by stanozolol and chronic alcoholism. Diet therapy is of no value for control of high LP(a) levels; only neomycin associated to nicotinic acid has proven effective.
Maternal Factors that Induce Epigenetic Changes Contribute to Neurological Disorders in Offspring.; It is well established that the regulation of epigenetic factors, including chromatic reorganization, histone modifications, DNA methylation, and miRNA regulation, is critical for the normal development and functioning of the human brain. There are a number of maternal factors influencing epigenetic pathways such as lifestyle, including diet, alcohol consumption, and smoking, as well as age and infections (viral or bacterial). Genetic and metabolic alterations such as obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and thyroidism alter epigenetic mechanisms, thereby contributing to neurodevelopmental disorders (NDs) such as embryonic neural tube defects (NTDs), autism, Down's syndrome, Rett syndrome, and later onset of neuropsychological deficits. This review comprehensively describes the recent findings in the epigenetic landscape contributing to altered molecular profiles resulting in NDs. Furthermore, we will discuss potential avenues for future research to identify diagnostic markers and therapeutic epi-drugs to reverse these abnormalities in the brain as epigenetic marks are plastic and reversible in nature.
Prenatal diagnosis of caudal regression with heterotaxy syndrome: "A mermaid with a broken heart".; Caudal regression syndrome (CRS) is a rare congenital malformation with varying degrees of early gestational developmental failure. It is characterized by agenesis of the sacrum and lumbar spine, with lower limb neurological deficit and accompanying deformities of the pelvis, lower extremities, genitourinary, and gastrointestinal systems. We report a case of CRS associated with rare complex congenital heart defect, that is, heterotaxy syndrome, diagnosed prenatally.
Awareness of Pregnancy-Associated Health Risks Among Pregnant Women and Male Partners Surveyed in a Prenatal Clinic.; Background: Underestimation of pregnancy-associated health risks could compromise informed decision-making and reduce demand for preconception care. We assessed the knowledge of pregnant women and male partners about several health risks posed by pregnancy to identify potential gaps in reproductive health literacy. Materials and Methods: Pregnant women and male partners were surveyed about their knowledge of seven common health risks associated with pregnancy (venous thromboembolism [VTE], diabetes, gallstones, hemorrhoids, hypertension [HTN], kidney infection, and anemia) in either English or Spanish in a prenatal clinic at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center in Torrance, California. Results: The response rate for women was estimated to be 66% and was 85% for men. Of the 285 respondents, 5.0% of women and 5.6% of men were able to correctly report that all seven health risks increased during pregnancy. Overall, 30.6% of women and 24% of men recognized that pregnancy increased the risks of the three most serious conditions (VTE, diabetes, and HTN). While higher education was associated with a higher awareness of these three serious risks, the majority of individuals with the highest education nonetheless incorrectly reported that these risks were reduced or unchanged in pregnancy. Age, parity, language, gender, and gestational age did not impact study findings. Overall, 77.9% of respondents rated oral birth control pills more hazardous to a woman's health than pregnancy. Conclusions: Surveyed pregnant women and male partners have significant knowledge deficiencies concerning common and serious health hazards associated with pregnancy that may hamper women's ability to make informed choices about their reproductive health options.
Maternal inflammation, growth retardation, and preterm birth: insights into adult cardiovascular disease.; The "fetal origin of adult disease Hypothesis" originally described by Barker et al. identified the relationship between impaired in utero growth and adult cardiovascular disease risk and death. Since then, numerous clinical and experimental studies have confirmed that early developmental influences can lead to cardiovascular, pulmonary, metabolic, and psychological diseases during adulthood with and without alterations in birth weight. This so called "fetal programming" includes developmental disruption, immediate adaptation, or predictive adaptation and can lead to epigenetic changes affecting a specific organ or overall health. The intrauterine environment is dramatically impacted by the overall maternal health. Both premature birth or low birth weight can result from a variety of maternal conditions including undernutrition or dysnutrition, metabolic diseases, chronic maternal stresses induced by infections and inflammation, as well as hypercholesterolemia and smoking. Numerous animal studies have supported the importance of both maternal health and maternal environment on the long term outcomes of the offspring. With increasing rates of obesity and diabetes and survival of preterm infants born at early gestational ages, the need to elucidate mechanisms responsible for programming of adult cardiovascular disease is essential for the treatment of upcoming generations.
[Obesity and pregnancy].; The increasing frequency of preobesity and obesity in all age groups worldwide can be characterized as a pandemia. Obesity is a public health problem because it is a major contributing factor in the development of hypertension, heart disease, type II diabetes, osteoarthritis, respiratory problems and certain cancer. THE OBJECTIVE OF THE STUDY: To describe the prevalence of preobesity and obesity among pregnant women and to evaluate the impact of preobesity and obesity upon pregnancy and delivery. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 255 women, aged between 17 and 39 years old are conducted in the study. They have been admited to the Clinic of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University Hospital "St. George" Plovdiv for the period of for months /January- April 2005/. The data of the patients are obtained from their history of the disease and the dokument of the newborn. BMI was calculated before and at the end of pregnancy. RESULTS: Preobesity and obesity are more frequent at more educated women, nuliparous women and women aged 30 years and more. Obese women had a higher frequency of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and operative delivery. 33.33% (n=85) of the pregnant women start their pregnancy with abnormal weight or obesity. At the end of the pregnancy 72.94% (n=186) of them are in condition of preobesity and obesity. CONCLUSION: As overweight and obesity are associate with adverse pregnancy outcomes, the attention of the obstetritian must be directed to so called preconceptual consulting in order to limit the gaining of wight upon the optimal limit before and during pregnancy.
The ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) strategy for fetal giant sacrococcygeal teratoma with cardiac insufficiency: A case report and review of the literature.; BACKGROUND: Antenatally diagnosed sacrococcygeal teratoma has been associated with risks of perinatal complications and death, especially when the foetus has symptoms of cardiac insufficiency, hydrops or anemia in utero; however, the method of intervention remains controversial. CASE: A 25-year-old pregnant woman was found to have a cystic and solid tumor in the fetal sacrococcygeal region at 16 weeks of gestation. As the tumour grew, the mother developed polyhydramnios accompanied with gestational diabetes. Fetal and tumorous hemodynamics were closely monitored by ultrasound. Abnormal cardiac function was detected at 31 weeks' gestation, and we creatively performed pre-emptive delivery through the ex-utero intrapartum treatment with debulking. The teratoma was removed with utero-placental circulation support. The operation proceeded smoothly with favourable prognosis for both mother and newborn. CONCLUSION: The ex-utero intrapartum treatment may improve the prognosis for fetuses with heart failure when they reach viable gestation.
Awareness of obstetricians for long-term risks in women with a history of preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome.; PURPOSE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are still a leading cause of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality worldwide. Women with a history of preeclampsia have an increased risk for future cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease, renal disease as well as diabetes mellitus. There is little knowledge on postpartum risk management. The aim of this study was to assess follow-up care for patients after pre-eclampsia or HELLP syndrome. METHODS: This questionnaire-based cross-sectional study aimed to evaluate the current recommendations of obstetricians in Austria regarding follow-up care, long-term risk counselling and risk of recurrence in future pregnancies after preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome. Data were collected using a survey, based on recommendations given by three substantial guidelines on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, which was distributed via e-mail to 69 public obstetric departments in Austria. Each obstetric department was required to answer one questionnaire per local protocol. RESULTS: Our results revealed that of the 48 participating hospitals most obstetricians are aware of the importance of follow-up care for women after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. Our data show that most physicians counselled patients about the future cardiovascular health risks associated with preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome (79.2%). Most obstetricians recommended lifestyle modification (77.1%) and continued blood pressure measurements (97.9%). All centers stated to counsel about the risk of recurrence (100%). However, counselling regarding follow-up care to exclude kidney damage (37.5%) and underlying diseases like thrombophilia (39.6%) were less prioritized. CONCLUSIONS: We were able to show that counselling concerning the risk of long-term cardiovascular disease and risk of recurrence after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome has been established in obstetric departments in public hospitals. Regarding the evaluation of underlying chronic diseases such as thrombophilia or renal disease, as well as counselling on the future risk of renal disease is still improvable according to our data. Further evaluation of follow-up care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in the outpatient and private sector and implementation of structured guidelines for follow-up, as well as screening for cardiovascular disease are necessary to ensure adequate risk management and to provide opportunities for prevention.
Demographic, clinical and occupational characteristics associated with early onset of delivery: findings from the Duke Health and Safety Surveillance System, 2001-2004.; BACKGROUND: This cross-sectional study explores associations between preterm delivery and demographic, clinical and occupational characteristics of women employed within a university and health system. METHODS: A comprehensive surveillance system linking individual-level data from Human Resources, medical insurance claims and a job-exposure matrix was used to identify women with a single live birth between 2001 and 2004 and describe maternal characteristics during pregnancy. RESULTS: Preterm delivery occurred in 7.1% (n = 74) of the 1,040 women, a lower preterm delivery prevalence than observed in the general U.S. population. Nearly all (>99.5%) women utilized prenatal care services. Prevalence of preterm delivery was highest for inpatient nurses, nurses' aides and office staff. In multivariate analyses, preterm delivery was positively associated with several clinical conditions: placenta previa, diabetes and cardiovascular disorder/disease. CONCLUSIONS: We observed associations between preterm delivery and several previously indicated clinical conditions. Further study of the effect of job characteristics on preterm delivery is warranted.
Developmental conditioning of the vasculature.; There is increasing evidence from epidemiological and experimental animal studies that the early life environment, of which nutrition is a key component, acts through developmental adaptive responses to set the capacity of cardiovascular and metabolic pathways to respond to physiological and pathophysiological challenges in later life. One finding that is consistent to both population studies and animal models is the propensity for such effects to induce endothelial dysfunction throughout the vascular tree, including the microvasculature. Obesity, type 2 diabetes and hypertension are associated with changes in microvascular function affecting multiple tissues and organs. These changes may be detected early, often before the onset of macrovascular disease and the development of end organ damage. Suboptimal maternal nutrition and fetal growth result in reduced microvascular perfusion and functional dilator capacity in the offspring, which together with microvascular rarefaction and remodeling serve to limit capillary recruitment, reduce exchange capacity and increase diffusion distances of metabolic substrates; they also increase local and overall peripheral resistance. This article explores how a developmentally conditioned disadvantageous microvascular phenotype may represent an important and additional risk factor for increased susceptibility to the development of cardio-metabolic disease in adult life and considers the cell signaling pathways associated with microvascular dysfunction that may be "primed" by the maternal environment. As the microvasculature has been shown to be a potential target for early therapeutic and lifestyle intervention, this article also considers evidence for the efficacy of such strategies in humans and in animal models of the developmental origins of health and disease.
You'll never walk alone - The effects of walkability on pregnancy behaviors and outcomes.; This study investigates the relationship between local walkability and physical activity and subsequent health outcomes among pregnant women - for whom walking is the recommended, and by far most common, form of exercise. Using an EPA measure of walkability at the county level (as well as other county-level characteristics) combined with rich individual-level data on pregnant women yields evidence that higher walkability translates into improvements in maternal and infant health outcomes as well as physical activity. Using the 2011 Natality Detail Files with geographic identifiers and controlling for the overall health of women in the community as well as the individual mother's pre-pregnancy BMI, we show that women residing in more walkable counties are less likely to experience preterm birth, low birth weight, gestational diabetes and hypertension. While one potential mechanism is through improved gestational weight gain, the evidence points to more general improvements in health as walkability does not seem to prevent excessive weight gain or macrosomic babies. Evidence that these general improvements derive at least in part from greater physical activity comes from analyses using the 2011 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, in which higher walkability translates into more physical activity among pregnant women (and also relative to their non-pregnant counterparts). Our study suggests more broadly that pregnant women's physical activity responds to factors that facilitate it and that such activity makes a difference to birth outcomes.
Physical Exercise of Patients on Hemodialysis, Optimistic or Pessimistic.; Chronic kidney disease leads to significant functional limitations and severe disability, which requires the application of an appropriate physical rehabilitation strategy that helps patients achieve social well-being and significant health benefits. Data sources MEDLINE, PubMed, Google Scholar and Web of Science were electronically searched, by using search terms: physical exercise, hemodialysis, barriers, risks of exercise, expected benefits. The contraindications for exercise are recent myocardial infarction, uncontrolled arrhythmia and hypertension, unstable angina pectoris, unregulated diabetes mellitus, the presence of neurological and muscular dysfunctions, malignancies, and pregnancy. The implementation of the physical exercise program for hemodialysis patients confirmed all the expected benefits: improvement of cardiovascular functions, stabilization of blood pressure, increased muscle strength, improvement of nutritional status and quality of dialysis, reduction of negative emotions, anxiety and depression, as well as social interaction of patients and their families. Despite the fact that a large number of studies have proven the beneficial effects of exercise during hemodialysis, a physical rehabilitation program as a standard form of treatment has not yet been introduced. Although there is no doubt that the effects of physical activity on the survival and the quality of life of patients on hemodialysis are positive, rehabilitation program still falls under the routine practice program in a small number of dialysis centers. One of the biggest obstacles to the implementation of the physical therapy program in hemodialysis patients is the lack of a clearly defined program that defines all the needs of dialysis patients.  DOI: 10.52547/ijkd.7570.
Birth weight and ponderal index in pre-eclampsia: a comparative study.; SUMMARY OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of early-onset and late-onset pre-eclampsia on fetal growth. DESIGN: Longitudinal prospective analytical survey SETTING: Obstetrics unit of Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in Korle Bu Teaching Hospital. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 11,784 nulliparous women carrying singleton pregnancy were prospectively followed up based on a schedule of antenatal care from 14-16 weeks gestation till delivery. Exclusion criteria included obesity (BMI>30.0), underweight (BMI<18.5), chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, chronic renal disease, connective tissue diseases, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism, cardiac disease, HIV/AIDS, anaemia (Hb<10.0 g/dL), malaria during the index pregnancy, alcohol abuse and cigarette smoking. The selected women were observed for onset of pre-eclampsia, timing of delivery, and baby's birth weight and crown-heel length for each baby were entered into a register. The ponderal index of each baby at birth was also computed. RESULTS: The incidence of pre-eclampsia in the 11,784 women was 7.03%. The babies delivered by mothers who had early-onset (<37 weeks gestation) pre-elampsia, were of significantly lower birth weights (p=0.003 to p=0.02) and ponderal indices (p=0.002 to p=0.02) at all gestational ages of delivery compared with babies of mothers who did not have pre-eclampsia. However, in late-onset (>/=37 weeks) pre-eclampsia, the birth weights and ponderal indice at all gestational ages were comparable to non-pre-eclamptics. CONCLUSION: These results support the hypothesis that pre-eclampsia is an aetiologically heterogenous disorder that occurs in at least two subsets: a late-onset pre-eclampsia with normal fetal growth denoting normal placental function and an early-onset type with fetal growth restriction implying placental dysfunction.
The Oral Glucose Tolerance Test: 100 Years Later.; For over 100 years, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) has been the cornerstone for detecting prediabetes and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). In recent decades, controversies have arisen identifying internationally acceptable cut points using fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 2-h post-load glucose (2-h PG), and/or HbA1c for defining intermediate hyperglycemia (prediabetes). Despite this, there has been a steadfast global consensus of the 2-h PG for defining dysglycemic states during the OGTT. This article reviews the history of the OGTT and recent advances in its application, including the glucose challenge test and mathematical modeling for determining the shape of the glucose curve. Pitfalls of the FPG, 2-h PG during the OGTT, and HbA1c are considered as well. Finally, the associations between the 30-minute and 1-hour plasma glucose (1-h PG) levels derived from the OGTT and incidence of diabetes and its complications will be reviewed. The considerable evidence base supports modifying current screening and diagnostic recommendations with the use of the 1-h PG. Measurement of the 1-h PG level could increase the likelihood of identifying high-risk individuals when the pancreatic ß-cell function is substantially more intact with the added practical advantage of potentially replacing the conventional 2-h OGTT making it more acceptable in the clinical setting.
The association of histologic placental inflammation with category II fetal heart tracings.; The present study assessed whether placentas in women delivered by cesarean for category II fetal heart tracings (FHT) exhibit a higher incidence of acute inflammation than those of women delivered by cesarean for labor arrest. This case control study included singleton pregnancies ≥36 weeks of gestation delivered by cesarean for an FHT indication (cases) or because of labor arrest (controls) 2005-2009 at Prentice Women's Hospital. Exclusions were maternal diabetes, hypertension, known thrombophilia, connective tissue disorders, clinical evidence of chorioamnionitis, placental abruption, fetal anomalies, stillbirth, or an infant with a birth weight less than the 10th percentile. Women were included in the case group if the indication for cesarean delivery was based on the FHT and review of the FHT determined that they were designated as category II prior to delivery. A perinatal pathologist, unaware of indications for delivery, assessed placental inflammation in maternal and fetal compartments. Stage and grade of acute inflammation, from none to severe (scored 0-3), in the membranes, chorionic plate, chorionic vessels, and umbilical cord were assessed, and overall maternal and fetal inflammatory stages were assigned. Findings indicative of chronic inflammation were also noted. Other than lower umbilical artery cord gases in women with category II FHT, cases (n  =  51) and controls (n =  27) had similar baseline characteristics and newborn outcomes, as well as similar placental pathologic findings. In uncomplicated patients, the presence or extent of placental inflammation does not appear to differ between women delivered for category II FHT and labor arrest.
Reduced fetal movements at term in singleton low risk pregnancies-Is there an association with placental histopathological findings?; INTRODUCTION: Maternal perception of fetal movements has long been considered an indicator of fetal well-being. A sudden decrease in the number of fetal movements is suggestive of fetal compromise. We aimed to determine whether the maternal perception of reduced fetal movements (RFM) is associated with placental pathological lesions in a low-risk term population. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Our study was a case-control study that was performed in a single university center. Placental histopathology, maternal demographics, labor characteristics, and neonatal outcomes of term, singleton pregnancies with maternal perception of RFM during the 2 weeks prior to delivery were collected. To isolate the effect of RFM on placental pathology, we excluded cases complicated by preterm birth, hypertensive disorders, diabetes mellitus, small-for-gestational-age and congenital/genetic anomalies. We compared pregnancy outcomes and placental pathology between the RFM group and a control group matched for gestational age and mode of delivery. Placental lesions were classified according to the "Amsterdam" criteria. Composite adverse neonatal outcome was defined as one or more of the following: sepsis, transfusion, hypoglycemia, phototherapy, respiratory morbidity, cerebral morbidity, necrotizing enterocolitis and fetal/neonatal death. Multivariable regression analysis was performed to identify independent associations with adverse neonatal outcome. RESULTS: We included patients who gave birth from January 2008 until May 2019. The study group included 203 term pregnancies with RFM during the 2 weeks prior to delivery, which was matched with 203 controls. The RFM group was characterized by a higher rate of placental weight <10th percentile (22.6% vs. 3.9%, P < .001), a higher rate of maternal vascular malperfusion lesions (30.5% vs. 18.7%, P = .007) and lesions of maternal inflammatory response (43.3% vs. 29.5%, P = .005). At delivery, the RFM group had higher rates of cesarean delivery due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring (P = .01), 5-minute Apgar score ≤7 (P = .03), neonatal intensive care unit admissions (P < .001) and composite adverse neonatal outcomes (P = .007). Using multivariable analysis, RFM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.7, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1-4.8), and placental maternal vascular malperfusion lesions (aOR 1.2, 95% CI 1.0-2.9) were independently associated with adverse neonatal outcome. CONCLUSIONS: After excluding important placental-related morbidities, RFM was associated with a higher rate of placental weight <10th percentile and placental maternal vascular malperfusion lesions vs. controls. This study suggests a placental involvement in the association between RFM at term and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Menopause: a cardiometabolic transition.; Menopause is often a turning point for women's health worldwide. Increasing knowledge from experimental data and clinical studies indicates that cardiometabolic changes can manifest at the menopausal transition, superimposing the effect of ageing onto the risk of cardiovascular disease. The menopausal transition is associated with an increase in fat mass (predominantly in the truncal region), an increase in insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia, and endothelial dysfunction. Exposure to endogenous oestrogen during the reproductive years provides women with protection against cardiovascular disease, which is lost around 10 years after the onset of menopause. In particular, women with vasomotor symptoms during menopause seem to have an unfavourable cardiometabolic profile. Early management of the traditional risk factors of cardiovascular disease (ie, hypertension, obesity, diabetes, dyslipidaemia, and smoking) is essential; however, it is important to recognise in the reproductive history the female-specific conditions (ie, gestational hypertension or diabetes, premature ovarian insufficiency, some gynaecological diseases such as functional hypothalamic amenorrhoea, and probably others) that could enhance the risk of cardiovascular disease during and after the menopausal transition. In this Review, the first of a Series of two papers, we provide an overview of the literature for understanding cardiometabolic changes and the management of women at midlife (40-65 years) who are at higher risk, focusing on the identification of factors that can predict the occurrence of cardiovascular disease. We also summarise evidence about preventive non-hormonal strategies in the context of cardiometabolic health.
Fetal supraventricular tachycardia at 12 weeks of gestation: diagnosis and follow up. A case report.; This report describes a case of fetal supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) diagnosed at 12 weeks of gestation in a pregnant woman with diabetes mellitus. Transplacental digoxin therapy administered orally to the mother was unsuccessful. Subsequently, sotalol was added to digoxin to achieve fetal heart rate (HR) control and the conversion to sinus rhythm was achieved. The fetal HR remained stable until term, and a healthy male baby was born. The newborn electrocardiogram showed sinus rhythm with normal PR and QTc intervals. When the newborn was stable, he was discharged with propanolol. Sustained SVT is extremely rare during the first trimester. The goal of treatment in utero is the conversion to sinus rhythm or reduction of the ventricular rate to tolerable levels, preventing or even reversing fetal hydrops.
[Lung maturation therapy with glucocorticoids in threatened premature labor. Considerations of risk-benefit in evidence-based medicine].; Prematurity is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality. Antenatal administration of glucocorticoids improves the neonatal outcome of preterm born infants. 1994 the NIH published recommendations for the use of glucocorticoids for women at risk of preterm delivery. A recent evaluation by the Cochrane Collaboration in 1999 showed that antenatal administration of glucocorticoids significantly reduced the rate of RDS and IVH in the gestational age between 24 and 34 weeks. Consequences of repeated courses of antenatal glucocorticoids are not sufficiently studied. The effectivity and safety regarding birth weights, infectious diseases, and the best timing remains unknown. Administration of glucocorticoids lowers fetal activity and heart rate variability. Effects on fetal growth, maternal and fetal immunosystem, and the development of atopic diseases are controversely discussed. Thus preterm labour not leading to a cervical ripening is not necessarily a reason for antenatal glucocorticoids. Antenatal glucocorticoids with PROM do not lower the rate of RDS but of IVH. No prospective randomized trial evaluated the effectivity of antenatal glucocorticoids in diabetes mellitus and IUGR. In preeclampsia beta-methason could improve the rate of RDS and the neonatal outcome. Still our knowledge of antenatal glucocorticoid administration is not sufficient. But despite possible (longtime-) risks for mother and child the administration of glucocorticoids according to the guidelines of the NIH is a major part in the treatment of prematurity and improves the outcome of premature infants. The indication for multiple courses of glucocorticoids should be considered carefully.
Periodontal health and systemic disorders.; Recent studies in periodontal medicine suggest a mild to moderate association between human periodontal disease and certain systemic disorders such as diabetes mellitus, pneumonia, heart disease and preterm birth. The latest evidence, presented at a symposium entitled Periodontal Health and Systemic Disorders, sponsored by the University of Western Ontario School of Dentistry, showed that indeed such an association is likely. New data suggest that this association is not indicated by traditional clinical signs of periodontal disease but rather by a cluster of host immune and inflammatory mediators. The coming era of periodontal medicine based upon molecular criteria will affect the future of periodontal diagnosis, treatment and professional practice.
Hypertension in Pregnancy Among Immigrant and Swedish Women: A Cohort Study of All Pregnant Women in Sweden.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about risks of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in both first- and second-generation immigrant women in Europe and other Western countries; such knowledge may help elucidate the influence of genetic versus social factors on such risks. We aimed to study both first- and second-generation immigrant women for the presence of all types of hypertension (preexisting hypertension, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia) during pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: A cohort study was conducted using data derived from the Swedish National Birth Register, the National Patient Register, and the Total Population Register. We used Cox regression analysis to compute hazard ratios (HRs) and 99% CIs while adjusting for sociodemographic factors and comorbidities. The first-generation study included a total of 1 084 212 deliveries and 68 311 hypertension cases, and the second-generation study included 989 986 deliveries and 67 505 hypertension cases. The fully adjusted HR (with 99% CI) for hypertension in pregnancy among first-generation immigrant women was 0.69 (0.66-0.72), and among second-generation immigrant women, it was 0.88 (0.86-0.91), compared with Swedish-born women with 2 Swedish-born parents. Women born in Finland or with parent(s) from Finland had higher risks, with fully adjusted HRs (99% CIs) of 1.30 (1.18-1.43) and 1.12 (1.07-1.17), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Both first- and second-generation immigrant women had overall lower risks of hypertension in pregnancy compared with other Swedish women. However, the risk reduction was less pronounced in second-generation compared with first-generation immigrant women, suggesting that environmental factors in Sweden may have an important influence on risk of hypertension during pregnancy.
Gender-based research underscores sex differences in biological processes, clinical disorders and pharmacological interventions.; Earlier research has presumed that the male and female biology is similar in most organs except the reproductive system, leading to major misconceptions in research interpretations and clinical implications, with serious disorders being overlooked or misdiagnosed. Careful research has now identified sex differences in the cardiovascular, renal, endocrine, gastrointestinal, immune, nervous, and musculoskeletal systems. Also, several cardiovascular, immunological, and neurological disorders have shown differences in prevalence and severity between males and females. Genetic variations in the sex chromosomes have been implicated in several disorders at young age and before puberty. The levels of the gonadal hormones estrogen, progesterone and testosterone and their receptors play a role in the sex differences between adult males and premenopausal women. Hormonal deficiencies and cell senescence have been implicated in differences between postmenopausal and premenopausal women. Specifically, cardiovascular disorders are more common in adult men vs premenopausal women, but the trend is reversed with age with the incidence being greater in postmenopausal women than age-matched men. Gender-specific disorders in females such as polycystic ovary syndrome, hypertension-in-pregnancy and gestational diabetes have attained further research recognition. Other gender-related research areas include menopausal hormone therapy, the "Estrogen Paradox" in pulmonary arterial hypertension being more predominant but less severe in young females, and how testosterone may cause deleterious effects in the kidney while having vasodilator effects in the coronary circulation. This has prompted the National Institutes of Health (NIH) initiative to consider sex as a biological variable in research. The NIH and other funding agencies have provided resources to establish state-of-the-art centers for women health and sex differences in biology and disease in several academic institutions. Scientific societies and journals have taken similar steps to organize specialized conferences and publish special issues on gender-based research. These combined efforts should promote research to enhance our understanding of the sex differences in biological systems beyond just the reproductive system, and provide better guidance and pharmacological tools for the management of various clinical disorders in a gender-specific manner.
Disparities in the prevalence of diabetes: is it race/ethnicity or socioeconomic status? Results from the Boston Area Community Health (BACH) survey.; OBJECTIVES: Many researchers and clinicians continue to believe that non-modifiable race/ ethnicity is a major contributor to diabetes, prompting a well-intentioned search for genetic and bio-physiological explanations. We seek to reinforce earlier findings showing that socioeconomic status is more strongly associated with diabetes prevalence than race/ ethnicity and suggests a very different and potentially modifiable etiologic pathway. METHODS: A community-based epidemiologic survey of 5503 Boston residents aged 30-79 years (1767 Black, 1877 Hispanic, 1859 White; 2301 men and 3202 women). RESULTS: After adjusting for age and sex, Blacks and Hispanics have statistically significantly increased odds of having diabetes: Black (OR, 2.0; 95% CI, 1.4-2.9) and Hispanic (2.4; CI 1.6-3.4) compared to Whites. If socioeconomic status, a combination of education and income, is added to the model, these odds are reduced for both Blacks (OR 1.6; CI, 1.1-2.2) and Hispanics (OR 1.6; CI, 1.1-2.3). In a multivariate logistic regression adjusting for age, sex, socioeconomic status, obesity, hypertension, gestational diabetes, physical activity, trouble paying for basics, health insurance status, and family history of diabetes, these odds are reduced further: Black (OR 1.0; CI, 0.7-1.5) and Hispanic (OR 1.3; CI, 0.9-2.1) and are no longer statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Consistent with other reports, we find socioeconomic status has a much stronger association with diabetes prevalence than race/ethnicity. Continuing to focus on race/ethnicity as a primary determinant of diabetes prevalence overemphasizes the importance of biomedical factors and diverts effort from socio-medical interventions such as improving social circumstances, access to effective care, and upstream redistributive social policies.
The sequence of prenatal growth restraint and postnatal catch-up growth: normal heart but thicker intima-media and more pre-peritoneal fat in late infancy.; BACKGROUND: The sequence of prenatal growth restraint and postnatal catch-up growth leads to a thicker intima-media and more pre-peritoneal fat by age 3-6 years. OBJECTIVES: To study whether carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) and pre-peritoneal fat differ already between catch-up small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants and appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) controls in late infancy (ages 1 and 2 years) and whether such differences - if any - are accompanied by differences in cardiac morphology and function. METHODS: Longitudinal assessments included body height and weight; fasting glucose, insulin, Insulin-like growth factor (IGF-I), high-molecular-weight adiponectin; body composition (by absorptiometry); cIMT, aortic IMT, pre-peritoneal fat partitioning (by ultrasound); cardiac morphometry and function (by echocardiography) in AGA and SGA infants at birth, at age 1 year (N = 87), and again at age 2 years (N = 68). RESULTS: Catch-up SGA infants had already a thicker cIMT than AGA controls at ages 1 and 2 years, and more pre-peritoneal fat by age 2 years (all p values between <0.01 and <0.0001); all cardiac and endocrine-metabolic results were similar in AGA and SGA infants at ages 1 and 2 years. CONCLUSIONS: From late infancy onwards, catch-up SGA infants have a thicker cIMT and more pre-peritoneal fat than AGA controls, but their cardiac morphology and function remain reassuringly similar.
Rodent models of hypertension.; Elevated blood pressure (BP), or hypertension, is the main risk factor for cardiovascular disease. As a multifactorial and systemic disease that involves multiple organs and systems, hypertension remains a challenging disease to study. Models of hypertension are invaluable to support the discovery of the specific genetic, cellular and molecular mechanisms underlying essential hypertension, as well as to test new possible treatments to lower BP. Rodent models have proven to be an invaluable tool for advancing the field. In this review, we discuss the strengths and weaknesses of rodent models of hypertension through a systems approach. We highlight the ways how target organs and systems including the kidneys, vasculature, the sympathetic nervous system (SNS), immune system and the gut microbiota influence BP in each rodent model. We also discuss often overlooked hypertensive conditions such as pulmonary hypertension and hypertensive-pregnancy disorders, providing an important resource for researchers. LINKED ARTICLES: This article is part of a themed issue on Preclinical Models for Cardiovascular disease research (BJP 75th Anniversary). To view the other articles in this section visit http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/bph.v179.5/issuetoc.
Antepartum bleeding of unknown origin in the second half of pregnancy and pregnancy outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of our investigation was to evaluate factor(s) associated with unexplained antepartum bleeding of unknown origin (ABUO) after 24 weeks of pregnancy and correlate unexplained haemorrhage with maternal and perinatal outcomes. DESIGN: This is a retrospective observational study. SETTING: King Edward Memorial Hospital (KEMH), Subiaco, Western Australia. POPULATION: Singleton pregnancies delivering at KEMH between January 1998 and December 2004. METHODS: ABUO was defined as bleeding after 20 weeks of gestation but before the onset of labour with no cause detected on vaginal examination or abdominal ultrasound. Outcomes of these pregnancies were collated and compared with those of pregnancies without ABUO. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Antepartum complications assessed included pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes and preterm birth. Intrapartum evaluations included labour inductions, mode of delivery and gestational age at delivery. Neonatal outcomes evaluated included birthweight, Apgar scores, newborn intensive care unit (NICU) admission, neonatal complications and risk of perinatal/neonatal death. RESULTS: Between January 1998 and December 2004, there were 26 583 deliveries without ABUO and 1431 with ABUO. Multivariable analyses of the ABUO effects revealed that ABUO was a simultaneously significant risk factor for term labour inductions (OR = 2.00, 95% CI: 1.72-2.32, P < 0.001), preterm delivery (OR = 4.31, 95% CI: 3.84-4.84, P < 0.001), NICU admission (OR = 1.23, 95% CI: 1.01-1.51, P = 0.042), hyperbilirubinaemia (OR = 1.29, 95% CI: 1.01-1.63, P = 0.041) and reduced birthweight (26 g, 95% CI: 3-50, P = 0.026). CONCLUSION: Women with ABUO are at greater risk of preterm delivery, term labour induction and their neonates are at greater risk for NICU admissions, hyperbilirubinaemia and a reduced birthweight.
Preventing Adverse Cardiovascular Outcomes in Pregnancy Complicated by Obesity.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Obesity is a chronic disease that is becoming increasingly prevalent, and more individuals of reproductive age have obesity prior to becoming pregnant. Obesity in pregnancy is associated with short- and long-term adverse consequences for both the birthing person and their offspring which have been associated with increased long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The goal of this review is to discuss what is currently understood about the relationship between maternal obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), the association between APOs and future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, and what evidence-based interventions can be implemented to prevent adverse outcomes in this population. RECENT FINDINGS: Maternal obesity has been associated with an increased risk of APOs such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth as well as an increased risk of future CVD, such as metabolic syndrome, chronic hypertension, coronary heart disease, and stroke. The impact of maternal obesity also extends beyond the pregnant individual to the offspring, increasing the risk of fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality, as well as of congenital malformations, prematurity, and long-term health problems such as insulin resistance and childhood obesity. Prevention guidelines are incorporating the increased risk of adverse outcomes from maternal obesity into formalized risk assessments to guide both prenatal and postpartum care. It is becoming evident that a multidisciplinary cardio-obstetrics team is an important part of providing comprehensive care for pregnant individuals with obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors, including preexisting CVD and a history of prior APOs. There remains a need for further studies to better understand the mechanisms underlying the relationship between maternal obesity and APOs, as well as the racial and ethnic disparities that have been noted in the prevalence of APOs and associated CVD risk and mortality. SUMMARY: There is increasing awareness that obesity in pregnancy is associated with various short- and long-term adverse maternal and offspring outcomes. There are multiple screening and prevention strategies that may be implemented before, during, and after pregnancy to prevent these adverse outcomes.
Atypical Forms of Diabetes.; While most patients with diabetes have Type 1 diabetes (T1D) or Type 2 diabetes (T2D) there are other etiologies of diabetes that occur less frequently. In this chapter we will discuss a number of these less-common causes of diabetes. It is clinically very important to recognize these uncommon causes of diabetes as treatment directed towards the underlying etiology can at times result in the remission of the diabetes (for example Cushing’s Syndrome) or be required to avoid other complications of the underlying disorder (for example hemochromatosis, which in addition to causing diabetes can lead to severe liver disease and congestive heart failure). In this chapter the following disorders that are associated with diabetes are discussed: 1) genetic disorders of insulin action (Type A insulin resistance, Donohue Syndrome/Leprechaunism, Rabson-Mendenhall syndrome); 2) maternally inherited diabetes mellitus and deafness syndrome; 3) disorders of the exocrine pancreas (pancreatitis, trauma/pancreatectomy, neoplasia, cystic ﬁbrosis, hemochromatosis); 4) endocrinopathies (acromegaly, Cushing’s syndrome, glucagonoma, pheochromocytoma, hyperthyroidism, somatostatinoma, primary hyperaldosteronism); 5) drug induced; 6) infections; 7) immune mediated (stiff-man syndrome, anti-insulin receptor antibodies); 8) ketosis prone diabetes (Flatbush diabetes); and 9) genetic disorder sometimes associated with diabetes (Down syndrome, Klinefelter syndrome, Turner syndrome, Wilsons syndrome, Wolfram syndrome, Friedreich ataxia, Huntington chorea, Bardet-Biedl syndrome (Laurence-Moon-Biedl syndrome), myotonic dystrophy, porphyria, Prader-Willi syndrome, Alström syndrome). Gestational diabetes, monogenic diabetes (maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY) and neonatal diabetes), lipodystrophy, fibrocalculous pancreatic disease, diabetes associated with HIV infection, diabetes due to the autoimmune polyglandular syndromes, and post-transplant diabetes are not discussed in this chapter as they are discussed in other Endotext chapters. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Effect of grand multiparity on maternal, obstetric, fetal and neonatal results.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to compare the incidence of antenatal and intrapartum complications and perinatal outcomes between grand multiparous women of the same age and socioeconomic status and nulliparous and multiparous women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A prospective case-control study was conducted at the Tertiary Center Gynecology and Obstetrics Clinic of the Eastern Anatolia Region between January 1, 2021, and January 1, 2023. It was compared with 149 grand multiparous, 724 multipara, and 258 nulliparous singleton pregnancies. The data were entered separately by two people and then compared. The delivery period, gestation period, maternal obstetric, and fetal and neonatal outcomes of the groups were compared. RESULTS: The frequency of postpartum hemorrhage, antepartum and postpartum anemia was significantly higher in grand multiparity patients than in other groups. Gestational hypertension, Gestational DM and Abortus imminent, and the frequency of preterm birth increases with parity. The frequency of hyperemesis gravidarum and preeclampsia was significantly higher in nulliparous pregnant women than in others. There was no difference between the groups in terms of premature rupture of membranes and post-term pregnancy. Among the neonatal outcomes, only the frequency of low birth weight was significantly higher in grand multiparous patients. CONCLUSIONS: The frequency of postpartum anemia, postpartum bleeding, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and preterm pregnancy is higher in grand multiparity patients than in multiparous and nulliparous patients. Due to the increased risks with grand multiparity, pregnancy follow-up, and follow-up should be done within the risk factors of these patients in regions where grand multiparity is intense, and family planning practices should be increased.
Coronary heart disease: a disorder of growth.; The search for the causes of CHD has been guided by a 'destructive' model, which proposes that influences acting in adult life, such as smoking, obesity or high saturated fat intakes, lead to an acceleration of age-related destructive processes, including a rise in blood pressure and the formation of atheroma. One explanation for the failure of the model to account for, or indeed to prevent rising epidemics of CHD, is that individuals are heterogeneous in their responses to such influences. This heterogeneity in response is linked to different paths of early growth. The recent discovery that individuals who develop CHD grew differently from other individuals during fetal life and in childhood has led to a new 'developmental' model for the disease. Reduced fetal growth followed by poor growth in infancy leads to an increased risk of development of CHD, and its associated conditions, stroke, hypertension and impaired glucose tolerance. These effects are compounded by accelerated weight gain, which may represent 'compensatory growth' in childhood.
Association of hematological parameters with insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction in nondiabetic subjects.; OBJECTIVE: Previous studies reported independent associations of hematological parameters with risk of incident type 2 diabetes, although limited data are available on associations of these parameters with insulin resistance (IR) and (especially) pancreatic beta-cell dysfunction in large epidemiological studies. Our objective was to evaluate the associations of hematological parameters, including hematocrit (HCT), hemoglobin (Hgb), red blood cell count (RBC), and white blood cell count with IR and beta-cell dysfunction in a cohort of nondiabetic subjects at high metabolic risk. METHODS: Nondiabetic subjects (n = 712) were recruited in Toronto and London, Ontario, Canada, between 2004 and 2006, based on the presence of one or more risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus including obesity, hypertension, a family history of diabetes, and/or a history of gestational diabetes. Fasting blood samples were collected and oral glucose tolerance tests administered, with additional samples for glucose and insulin drawn at 30 and 120 min. Measures of IR included the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index, whereas measures of beta-cell dysfunction included the insulinogenic index divided by HOMA-IR as well as the insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2. Associations of hematological parameters with IR and beta-cell dysfunction were assessed using multiple linear regression and analysis of covariance with adjustments for age, gender, ethnicity, smoking, cardiovascular disease, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and waist circumference. RESULTS: HOMA-IR increased across quartiles of HCT, Hgb, RBC, and white blood cell count after adjustment for age, gender, ethnicity, and smoking (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong stepwise decrease in the Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index across increasing quartiles of these hematological measures (all P (trend) <0.0001). The associations remained significant after further adjustment for previous cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, and waist circumference (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong pattern of decreasing beta-cell function across increasing quartiles of all hematological patterns (all P (trend) <0.0001). The findings for HCT, Hgb, and RBC were attenuated slightly after full multivariate adjustment, although the trend across quartiles remained highly significant. CONCLUSION: These findings suggest that standard, clinically relevant hematological variables may be related to the underlying pathophysiological changes associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Doula Support and Pregnancy-Related Complications and Death Among Childbearing Women in the United States: A Scoping Review.; INTRODUCTION: The potential benefits of perinatal doula support are many; however, doulas are underutilized, which may heighten pregnancy-related complications. In this scoping review, we assess the influence of perinatal doula support on pregnancy-related complications and death in the United States. METHODS: We searched PubMed, CINAHL, Scopus, and Alt HealthWatch for literature on doula support and its influence on pregnancy-related complications (maternal fever or infection, postpartum hemorrhage, amniotic fluid embolism, complications from anesthesia, preeclampsia, eclampsia, cardiomyopathy, pulmonary or thrombotic embolism, and cerebrovascular accident). Peer-reviewed articles written in English and conducted in the United States from 1969 to 2021 were included. Screening at all levels was blinded. We extracted data based on title, author, year, design, population, sample size, methods, limitations, recommendations, and definition of doula support. RESULTS: Following removal of duplicates, review of 3679 article titles and abstracts yielded 42 articles for full-text review; 3 articles met final inclusion criteria. One included study focused on intrapartum doula support and 2 on doula support that extended throughout the perinatal period. Within the included studies, doula support was associated with decreased rates of intrapartum maternal fever and gestational hypertension; however, it was not associated with decreased rates of gestational diabetes or depression. DISCUSSION: The literature has addressed the benefits of perinatal doula support, but studies with validated tools to examine associations between doula support and pregnancy-related complications and death are lacking. The studies that addressed intrapartum and continuous doula care included large generalizable samples, from which future research can draw to improve the practice of caring for patients during the perinatal period. Extensive research shows that unfavorable conditions can influence perinatal outcomes across generations. Implementing doula support may offer a potential approach to reduce and help alleviate resulting disparities in perinatal health.
Growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and small for gestational age (SGA): genetic alterations.; Short stature associated with GH deficiency has been estimated to occur in about 1 in 4000 to 1 in 10,000 in various studies. In the last decade new genetic defects have been described in all the levels of the growth hormone-releasing hormone (GH-RH)-GH-IGF (insulin-like growth factor) axis. Genetic defects in the GHRH and in various parts of the Insulin-like growth factor system have been demonstrated. Genetic defects causing isolated GH deficiency (GHD), as well as multiple pituitary hormonal deficiencies have been analysed in detail. Signalling molecules and transcription factors leading to the development of the pituitary gland have been discovered and their function recognized. In animal models and in humans the importance of the transcription factors HESX1, PROP1, POU1F1, LHX3, LHX4, TBX19, SOX2 and SOX3 has been extensively studied. Genetic alterations of those transcription factors dictate the highly variable phenotype: from isolated hypopituitarism to multiple pituitary hormonal deficiencies with or without malformations (e.g. septo-optic dysplasia or holoprosencephaly). Small for gestational age (SGA) children are increasingly recognized to be a heterogeneous group in which new mechanisms of growth retardation and metabolic disturbances have been proposed. Since SGA is considered to be the main reason for the short stature in 10% of short adults this is a large group with a great potential for novel insights into mechanisms of growth and metabolic disturbances. A group of signalling proteins are involved in prenatal (SGA) growth retardation: IRS-1, PDK1, AKT1, and S6K1. In addition, an attractive modern theory supposes that a disturbed mother-placenta-foetus relation results in the activation of the so-called "thrifty phenotype" of which the IGF system is a vital part. The mechanisms assure short-term postnatal survival in conditions of deficient nutritional supply. However, as a consequence, the abundant postnatal nutritional supply and the "thrifty phenotype" result in increased adult risk of metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2) and cardiovascular disease. The manuscript reviews in brief genetic alterations in humans leading to growth hormone deficiency (GHD), multiple pituitary hormone deficiencies (MPHD) and SGA.
Diabetes during pregnancy enhanced neuronal death in the hippocampus of rat offspring.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy has a detrimental effect on central nervous system (CNS) development and is associated with an increased risk of short- and long-term neurocognitive impairment in the offspring. This study aimed to investigate the effect of maternal diabetes and also insulin treatment on the numerical density of apoptotic cells in rat neonate's hippocampi during the first two postnatal weeks. METHODS: Wistar female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before gestation through parturition and their male pup's brains were collected at postnatal days (P); P0, P7 and P14, equivalent to the third trimester in human. Numerical density of total neurons and percentage of apoptotic (TUNEL-positive) cells in different subfields of hippocampus (CA1, CA2, CA3, and DG) was calculated by stereological methods. RESULTS: Immediately after birth, we found a significantly decline in the total neuronal density only in hippocampal CA3 area in neonates born to diabetic animals (p<0.0001). Moreover, the number of neurons was significantly decreased in all hippocampal sub-regions of diabetic group pups when compared to control and insulin treated diabetic pups at both P7 and P14 (p<0.0001 each). Nevertheless, in diabetic group, the percentage of apoptotic cells in different subfields of hippocampus were higher in all studied time-points compared to control or insulin treated diabetic groups (p<0.0001 each). There were no significant differences either in the total number or apoptotic cells in the different hippocampal sub-fields between the insulin-treated diabetic group and controls (p>0.05). CONCLUSION: Our data indicate that diabetes in pregnancy induce the neuronal cell apoptosis in offspring hippocampus. Furthermore, the maternal glycaemia control by insulin treatment in the most cases normalized these effects.
Effect of pregnancy on plasma lipid concentration in Trinidadian women. Result of a pilot study.; In Trinidad and Tobago, cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes mellitus are important causes of morbidity and mortality, and birth weight is significantly less than reference standards. Lower birth weight is associated with increased risk of these diseases. Variation in birth weight is due, in part, to deposition of adipose tissue in the foetus during the last trimester at the same time that maternal plasma triacylglycerol (TAG) increases. We conducted a pilot cross-sectional analysis of maternal plasma lipid status and birth weight in healthy, non-pregnant, primigravida Trinidadian women. Non-pregnant and pregnant women, in their second and third trimesters, and at term, were recruited at random from an antenatal clinic. Adult and umbilical cord plasma TAG, non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) and phosphatidylcholine (PC) concentrations were determined from gas chromatographic analysis of fatty acids. Maternal height, weight, skinfold thickness and infant birth weight were measured. The infants born to Afro-Trinidadian and Indo-Trinidadian women were of low to normal birth weight (medians 3.07 and 3.22 kg, respectively). At term, plasma TAG concentration was approximately two fold (p < 0.05) greater than for non-pregnant women. The increment between 30-34 weeks was 1.5 to 1.9 fold lower than reported in other populations. There was a strong relationship (r = 0.8771, p = 0.019) between maternal and cord plasma TAG and NEFA, but not PC concentrations. There was no significant relationship between maternal TAG concentration at term and birth weight. The result suggests an impaired ability to increase plasma TAG concentrations during late gestation.
Pregnancy outcomes of refractory epilepsy patients treated with Brain-responsive neurostimulation.; OBJECTIVE: To study the pregnancy outcomes, including obstetric complications and fetal outcomes, in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE) treated with direct brain-responsive neurostimulation (RNS System). METHODS: Retrospective review of obstetric outcomes and fetal outcomes in WWE treated with the RNS System at nine comprehensive epilepsy centers in the United States from 2014-2020. In addition, changes in seizure frequency, anti-seizure medications, and RNS System setting adjustments during pregnancy were investigated. RESULTS: A total of 10 subjects and 14 pregnancies were identified. The mean age at conception was 30.6 ± 4.3 years old. The mean age at implantation was 29.8 ± 4.4 years old. The mean stimulation charge densities ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 μC/cm(2) during pregnancy. Obstetric complications included recurrent miscarriage (1 patient), cesarean section (3 patients) due to preeclampsia, non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing or prolonged labor, preterm birth (1 patient), and preeclampsia (1 patient). No still birth, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, eclampsia, or maternal mortality were observed. No RNS System-exposed pregnancies had major congenital malformations. One offspring had a minor congenital anomaly of cryptorchidism in a pregnancy complicated with risk factors of advanced maternal age and bicornuate uterus. SIGNIFICANCE: The present study is the first report of RNS System-exposed pregnancies in WWE to date. No major congenital malformations were identified. All of the obstetric complications were within the expected range of those in WWE based on previously published data. The sample size of our study is small, so accumulation of additional cases will further help depict the safety profile of treatment with the RNS System during pregnancy.
Impact of metformin on neocortical development during pregnancy: Involvement of ERK and p35/CDK5 pathways.; Metformin, the most commonly prescribed drug for the treatment of diabetes, is increasingly used during pregnancy to address various disorders such as diabetes, obesity, preeclampsia, and metabolic diseases. However, its impact on neocortex development remains unclear. Here, we investigated the direct effects of metformin on neocortex development, focusing on ERK and p35/CDK5 regulation. Using a pregnant rat model, we found that metformin treatment during pregnancy induces small for gestational age (SGA) and reduces relative cortical thickness in embryos and neonates. Additionally, we discovered that metformin inhibits neural progenitor cell proliferation in the sub-ventricular zone (SVZ)/ventricular zone (VZ) of the developing neocortex, a process possibly mediated by ERK inactivation. Furthermore, metformin induces neuronal apoptosis in the SVZ/VZ area of the developing neocortex. Moreover, metformin retards neuronal migration, cortical lamination, and differentiation, potentially through p35/CDK5 inhibition in the developing neocortex. Remarkably, compensating for p35 through in utero electroporation partially rescues metformin-impaired neuronal migration and development. In summary, our study reveals that metformin disrupts neocortex development by inhibiting neuronal progenitor proliferation, neuronal migration, cortical layering, and cortical neuron maturation, likely via ERK and p35/CDK5 inhibition. Consequently, our findings advocate for caution in metformin usage during pregnancy, given its potential adverse effects on fetal brain development.
Mechanisms of early life programming: current knowledge and future directions.; It has been >20 y since epidemiologic studies showed a relation between patterns of early growth and subsequent risk of diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and the metabolic syndrome. Studies of identical twins, individuals who were in utero during periods of famine, and animal models have provided strong evidence that the early environment, including early nutrition, plays an important role in mediating these relations. The concept of early life programming is therefore widely accepted. However, the mechanisms by which a phenomenon that occurs in early life can have long-term effects on the function of a cell and therefore on the metabolism of an organism many years later are only starting to emerge. These mechanisms include 1) permanent structural changes in an organ resulting from suboptimal concentrations of an important factor during a critical period of development, eg, the permanent reduction in β cell mass in the endocrine pancreas; 2) persistent alterations in epigenetic modifications (eg, DNA methylation and histone modifications) that lead to changes in gene expression (eg, several transcription factors are susceptible to programmed changes in gene expression through such mechanisms); and 3) permanent effects on the regulation of cellular aging (eg, increases in oxidative stress that lead to macromolecular damage, including that to DNA and specifically to telomeres, can contribute to such effects). Further understanding of such processes will enable the development of preventive and intervention strategies to combat the burden of common diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Effect of body mass index on maternal morbidity following peripartum hysterectomy.; The objective of this study was to estimate the impact of maternal body mass index (BMI) on maternal morbidity following unscheduled peripartum hysterectomy. A retrospective cohort study of consecutive peripartum hysterectomies at our institution from 1988 through 2012; scheduled hysterectomies were excluded. Medical records were reviewed and maternal, foetal and surgical data collected for each subject. Maternal BMI was categorized by the National Institute of Health classifications for overweight and obese. Statistical analyses included evaluation for trend. A total of 360,774 women delivered at Parkland Hospital during the study period with 665 (1.8 per 1000 deliveries) unscheduled peripartum hysterectomies performed. BMI was available for 635 women. Gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension and pregnancy-related hypertension were significantly higher in all three obesity categories, P = < 0.01. Post-partum complications, such as venous thrombosis and composite surgical morbidity did not differ among BMI groups. Estimated blood loss and units transfused did not differ across the BMI categories, P = 0.42 and P = 0.38, respectively. Increasing BMI was associated with longer surgical times and more wound infections, P = 0.01. These complications should be considered when approaching a peripartum hysterectomy in patients with obesity.
Impact of Nutrient Type and Sequence on Glucose Tolerance: Physiological Insights and Therapeutic Implications.; Pharmacological and dietary interventions targeting postprandial glycemia have proved effective in reducing the risk for type 2 diabetes and its cardiovascular complications. Besides meal composition and size, the timing of macronutrient consumption during a meal has been recently recognized as a key regulator of postprandial glycemia. Emerging evidence suggests that premeal consumption of non-carbohydrate macronutrients (i.e., protein and fat "preloads") can markedly reduce postprandial glycemia by delaying gastric emptying, enhancing glucose-stimulated insulin release, and decreasing insulin clearance. The same improvement in glucose tolerance is achievable by optimal timing of carbohydrate ingestion during a meal (i.e., carbohydrate-last meal patterns), which minimizes the risk of body weight gain when compared with nutrient preloads. The magnitude of the glucose-lowering effect of preload-based nutritional strategies is greater in type 2 diabetes than healthy subjects, being comparable and additive to current glucose-lowering drugs, and appears sustained over time. This dietary approach has also shown promising results in pathological conditions characterized by postprandial hyperglycemia in which available pharmacological options are limited or not cost-effective, such as type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and impaired glucose tolerance. Therefore, preload-based nutritional strategies, either alone or in combination with pharmacological treatments, may offer a simple, effective, safe, and inexpensive tool for the prevention and management of postprandial hyperglycemia. Here, we survey these novel physiological insights and their therapeutic implications for patients with diabetes mellitus and altered glucose tolerance.
Central hemodynamics are associated with fetal outcomes in pregnancies of advanced maternal age.; OBJECTIVES: Age is a known risk factor for both maternal cardiovascular disease and adverse outcomes in pregnancy. We aimed to characterize the hemodynamic profiles in pregnancies of advanced maternal age (AMA) and correlate these with fetal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective observational study of pregnancies undergoing antenatal testing. Maternal hemodynamics were measured non-invasively using an imaging probe at the descending aorta and the Uscom BP + arm cuff utilizing pulse pressure wave analysis. The Wilcoxon rank-sum test, Fisher's exact test, and Spearman rank correlation test were used for statistical analysis in R. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Hemodynamic measurements, neonatal birthweight. RESULTS: Twenty-one AMA and twenty-four control patients were enrolled. Mean age ± SD was 39 ± 3.22 in the AMA cohort and 28 ± 4.32 in the control cohort (p < 0.001). AMA patients were evaluated at a later gestational age (36 4/7 weeks) compared to control (34 1/7 weeks, p = 0.02). Between groups, there was no difference in BMI, race, hypertensive disease, diabetes, asthma, drug use, or indication for antenatal testing. 38% (AMA) and 37% (control) had hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. In AMA patients but not control patients, cardiac output (r = 0.52, p = 0.01), systemic vascular resistance (r = -0.53, p = 0.01), and systemic vascular resistance index (r = -0.62, p = 0.002) were significantly correlated with neonatal birthweight percentile. CONCLUSIONS: Hemodynamic alterations consistent with a low output, high resistance cardiovascular circuit were associated with lower birthweight in AMA, but not in control pregnancies.
Comparing the Evidence from Observational Studies and Randomized Controlled Trials for Nonskeletal Health Effects of Vitamin D.; Although observational studies of health outcomes generally suggest beneficial effects with, or following, higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have generally not supported those findings. Here we review results from observational studies and RCTs regarding how vitamin D status affects several nonskeletal health outcomes, including Alzheimer's disease and dementia, autoimmune diseases, cancers, cardiovascular disease, COVID-19, major depressive disorder, type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, all-cause mortality, respiratory tract infections, and pregnancy outcomes. We also consider relevant findings from ecological, Mendelian randomization, and mechanistic studies. Although clear discrepancies exist between findings of observational studies and RCTs on vitamin D and human health benefits these findings should be interpreted cautiously. Bias and confounding are seen in observational studies and vitamin D RCTs have several limitations, largely due to being designed like RCTs of therapeutic drugs, thereby neglecting vitamin D's being a nutrient with a unique metabolism that requires specific consideration in trial design. Thus, RCTs of vitamin D can fail for several reasons: few participants' having low baseline 25(OH)D concentrations, relatively small vitamin D doses, participants' having other sources of vitamin D, and results being analyzed without consideration of achieved 25(OH)D concentrations. Vitamin D status and its relevance for health outcomes can usefully be examined using Hill's criteria for causality in a biological system from results of observational and other types of studies before further RCTs are considered and those findings would be useful in developing medical and public health policy, as they were for nonsmoking policies. A promising approach for future RCT design is adjustable vitamin D supplementation based on interval serum 25(OH)D concentrations to achieve target 25(OH)D levels suggested by findings from observational studies.
Cohort profile: project viva.; We established Project Viva to examine prenatal diet and other factors in relation to maternal and child health. We recruited pregnant women at their initial prenatal visit in eastern Massachusetts between 1999 and 2002. Exclusion criteria included multiple gestation, inability to answer questions in English, gestational age ≥22 weeks at recruitment and plans to move away before delivery. We completed in-person visits with mothers during pregnancy in the late first (median 9.9 weeks of gestation) and second (median 27.9 weeks) trimesters. We saw mothers and children in the hospital during the delivery admission and during infancy (median age 6.3 months), early childhood (median 3.2 years) and mid-childhood (median 7.7 years). We collected information from mothers via interviews and questionnaires, performed anthropometric and neurodevelopmental assessments and collected biosamples. We have collected additional information from medical records and from mailed questionnaires sent annually to mothers between in-person visits and to children beginning at age 9 years. From 2341 eligible women, there were 2128 live births; 1279 mother-child pairs provided data at the mid-childhood visit. Primary study outcomes include pregnancy outcomes, maternal mental and cardiometabolic health and child neurodevelopment, asthma/atopy and obesity/cardiometabolic health. Investigators interested in learning more about how to obtain Project Viva data can contact Project_Viva@hphc.org.
The evolution of function and response to arginine challenge and pregnancy of portally and systemically placed islet cell grafts in streptozotocin diabetic mice.; Mice made diabetic with streptozotocin received organ cultured fetal islet cell grafts in the portal (PG) or systemic (SG) vascular beds in order to determine whether portal delivery of insulin is an important consideration in graft placement. Grafts were established more quickly in SG mice as shown by body weight and blood glucose estimations. Intraperitoneal arginine was found to be a stronger insulin secretagogue than intravenous glucose with the doses used when serum insulin was measured 5 minutes after injection. Glucose response to an arginine challenge was initially abnormal in both groups of mice, but was identical to normal controls 4 months after transplantation, showing that engraftment is a gradual process. Mice were then mated and their response to the chronic glycemic stress of pregnancy was noted. PG and SG mice had normal fertility rates in contrast to untreated diabetics, none of which became pregnant. Offspring were normal with respect to litter size, body weight, malformation rate, and pancreatic insulin content compared with historical controls. PG and SG mothers behaved normally during pregnancy, with the exception of a raised glycosylated hemoglobin level at day 19.5 gestation (5.5% and 5.5% v 3.7%, P less than .01). We were, therefore, unable to detect any difference between portally and systemically placed islet grafts.
IGFBP-4 Fragments as Markers of Cardiovascular Mortality in Type 1 Diabetes Patients With and Without Nephropathy.; CONTEXT: Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is characterized by an increased risk of macrovascular complications. Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) generated N- and C-terminal fragments of IGF binding protein-4 (NT-IGFBP-4 and CT-IGFBP-4) have been suggested as cardiac biomarkers. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to investigate the prognostic value of IGFBP-4 fragments in a cohort of T1D patients. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: We prospectively followed up 178 T1D patients with diabetic nephropathy and 152 T1D patients with normoalbuminuria for 12.6 (range 0.2-12.9) years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Levels of IGF-1, IGF-2, IGFBP-1-4, NT- and CT-IGFBP-4, and PAPP-A at baseline. RESULTS: During follow-up, 15 patients with normoalbuminuria and 71 patients with nephropathy died. Of these deaths, 8 and 45 were due to fatal cardiovascular events, respectively. Using receiver-operating characteristic curve analyses, patients were divided into subgroups using cutoff values of 261 μg/L NT-IGFBP-4, 81 μg/L CT-IGFBP-4, or 10 mIU/L PAPP-A. All-cause mortality was significantly higher in patients with NT-IGFBP-4 levels (55% vs 16%, P < .001) and CT-IGFBP-4 levels (44% vs 15%, P < .001) above vs below cutoffs. Similarly, cardiovascular mortality was elevated in patients with high NT-IGFBP-4 levels (40% vs 7.8%, P < .001) and high CT-IGFBP-4 levels (30% vs 7.4%, P < .001). After adjustments for nephropathy and traditional cardiovascular risk factors, high NT- and CT-IGFBP-4 levels remained prognostic of cardiovascular mortality with hazard ratios [95% confidence interval (CI)] of 5.81 (95% CI 2.62-12.86) (P < .001) and 2.58 (95% CI 1.10-6.10) (P = .030), respectively. After adjustments, PAPP-A was not associated with overall or cardiovascular death. All IGF protein levels were higher in patients with diabetic nephropathy (P < .001), but no variables associated with mortality. CONCLUSION: High IGFBP-4 fragment levels were associated with increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality rates in T1D patients with and without diabetic nephropathy.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women with Spinal Cord Injuries: A Population-Based Study.; BACKGROUND: Pregnant women with congenital or acquired spinal cord injury face challenges due to compromised neurologic function and mobility, factors that may also affect fetal/infant health. Few studies have examined pregnancy course and longer-term outcomes in this population. OBJECTIVE: To assess pregnancy outcomes among women with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida using population-based data. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Washington state linked birth-hospital discharge records. PARTICIPANTS: All women (N = 529) with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida with singleton live birth deliveries 1987-2012, and a comparison group of women without disabilities (N = 5282). METHODS: Diagnosis codes were screened to identify cases and a 10:1 random sample of comparison women. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated overall and separately for each condition using multivariable regression. Subsequent hospitalizations or death were identified via linkage to hospital discharge/death records for 2 years after delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Pregnancy course (weight gain, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, infection, venous thromboembolism), delivery/labor characteristics, infant characteristics (birthweight/size, gestational age), and longer-term outcomes (occurrence/reasons for maternal/infant rehospitalization, mortality). RESULTS: Women with these spinal conditions had increased adjusted risks of prenatal urinary tract infection/pyelonephritis (RR 26.43, 95% CI 13.97-49.99), venous thromboembolism (RR 9.16, 95% CI 2.17-38.60), preterm rupture of membranes (RR 2.15, 95% CI 1.18-3.90), and cesarean delivery (RR 1.88, 95% CI 1.70-2.09). They had longer hospitalizations and increased rehospitalization (RR 1.54, 95% CI 1.28-1.87), including for postpartum depression (RR 8.15, 4.29-15.48) or injury (RR 13.05, 95% CI 6.60-25.81). Their infants were more often small for gestational age (RR 1.65, 95% CI 1.33-2.06), but had no increased risk of rehospitalization or death. CONCLUSIONS: We observed no increased long-term morbidity among infants of women with these conditions. Possible increased maternal morbidities during the first postpartum years indicate areas for intervention. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: III.
Effects of Age, Metabolic and Socioeconomic Factors on Cardiovascular Risk among Saudi Women: A Subgroup Analysis from the Heart Health Promotion Study.; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in women. Along with the effect of age on the risk of CVD, the reproductive profile of women can influence cardiac health among women. Objectives: The objective of this study is to investigate the influence of age and reproductive stages on the development and progression of cardiovascular disease risks in Saudi women. Methods: For this study, we included 1907 Saudi women from the Heart Health Promotion Study. The study cohort was divided into five age groups (less than 40 years, 40-45 years, 46-50 years, 51-55 years, and ≥56 years). The cohort stratification was meant to correspond to the social and hormonal changes in women's life, including reproductive, perimenopausal, menopausal, and postmenopausal age groups. The groups were compared with respect to the prevalence of metabolic, socioeconomic, and cardiac risks, and the age group of less than 40 years was considered as the reference group. The World Health Organization stepwise approach to chronic disease risk factor Surveillance-Instrument v2.1 was used in this study to collect the anthropometric and biochemical measurements and the Framingham Coronary Heart Risk Score was used to calculate the cardiovascular risk (CVR). Logistic regression analysis was conducted to assess the independent effect of age on CVD risks after adjustment of sociodemographic factors. Results: Metabolic and CVR increased progressively with the increase in age. There was a sharp increase in obesity, hypertension, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome, from the age group <40 years to 41-45 years and then again between the age groups of 46-50 and ≥56 years. A similar noticeable increase in metabolic risk factors (high cholesterol, high triglyceride, high Low-Density Lipoprotein) was observed between the age group <40 years and 41-45 years, but with a steady increase with the increase in age between the other age groups. The high and intermediate Framingham Coronary Heart Risk Scores showed a progressive increase in prevalence with the increase in age, where the proportion doubled from 9.4% at the age group 46-50 years, to 22% at the age group 51-55 years. It doubled again at the age group ≥56 years to 53%-these sharp inflections in the risk of CVD correspond to the women's reproductive lives. Conclusions: In Saudi women, CVR increases with the increase of age. The influence of pregnancy and menopause is apparent in the prevalence of increased risks for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases.
Parity, coronary heart disease and mortality in the old order Amish.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Prior data on the association between parity and mortality are limited by the presence of sociodemographic confounders including cultural norms of parity. Our objective was to determine the association between parity and mortality in the Amish, a socioeconomically homogenous group with large numbers of children per family. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study among 518 Old Order Amish women enrolled in a cardiovascular awareness program. The mean length of follow-up for mortality was 13.52 years. We determined the adjusted associations between parity and obesity, prevalent coronary heart disease and mortality. RESULTS: The mean number of total births per woman was 6.7 ± 3.6 with a mode of 8. No significant association was observed between parity and all-cause mortality when adjusted for age (HR 1.00 per additional birth; 95% CI 0.96-1.05; p = 0.85) or in multivariate analysis (HR 1.00, 95% CI 0.95-1.05; p = 0.95). There was also no association of parity in age- or multivariable adjusted models with prevalent diabetes, hypertension or coronary heart disease. Despite the lack of effect of parity on mortality, a significant association of ten or more births was observed with higher body mass index (BMI) compared to the referent group of 8-9 total births. CONCLUSIONS: In a highly homogeneous population with high rates of parity, no association between overall mortality and parity was observed. Ten or more births were significantly associated with a higher BMI but not with overall mortality.
The role of mass spectrometry in studies of glycation processes and diabetes management.; In the last decade, mass spectrometry has been widely employed in the study of diabetes. This was mainly due to the development of new, highly sensitive, and specific methods representing powerful tools to go deep into the biochemical and pathogenetic processes typical of the disease. The aim of this review is to give a panorama of the scientifically valid results obtained in this contest. The recent studies on glycation processes, in particular those devoted to the mechanism of production and to the reactivity of advanced glycation end products (AGEs, AGE peptides, glyoxal, methylglyoxal, dicarbonyl compounds) allowed to obtain a different view on short and long term complications of diabetes. These results have been employed in the research of effective markers and mass spectrometry represented a precious tool allowing the monitoring of diabetic nephropathy, cardiovascular complications, and gestational diabetes. The same approaches have been employed to monitor the non-insulinic diabetes pharmacological treatments, as well as in the discovery and characterization of antidiabetic agents from natural products. © 2018 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Mass Spec Rev 38:112-146, 2019.
The Relationship between Gestational Diabetes Metabolic Control and Fetal Autonomic Regulation, Movement and Birth Weight.; (1) Background: Maternal metabolic control in gestational diabetes is suggested to influence fetal autonomic control and movement activity, which may have fetal outcome implications. We aimed to analyze the relationship between maternal metabolic control, fetal autonomic heart rate regulation, activity and birth weight. (2) Methods: Prospective noninterventional longitudinal cohort monitoring study accompanying 19 patients with specialist clinical care for gestational diabetes. Monthly fetal magnetocardiography with electro-physiologically-based beat-to-beat heart rate recording for analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) and the 'fetal movement index' (FMI) was performed. Data were compared to 167 healthy pregnant women retrieved from our pre-existing study database. (3) Results: Fetal vagal tone was increased with gestational diabetes compared to controls, whereas sympathetic tone and FMI did not differ. Within the diabetic population, sympathetic activation was associated with higher maternal blood-glucose levels. Maternal blood-glucose levels correlated positively with birth weight z scores. FMI showed no correlation with birth weight but attenuated the positive correlation between maternal blood-glucose levels and birth weight. (4) Conclusion: Fetal autonomic control is altered by gestational diabetes and maternal blood-glucose level, even if metabolic adjustment and outcome is comparable to healthy controls.
Glucose tolerance in pregnancy and the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: Studies demonstrate an association between high but non-diabetic blood glucose levels and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Pregnancy alters glucose metabolism and results in a continuum of glucose tolerance, it is not known whether this continuum is associated with a continuum of risk of CVD in later life. OBJECTIVES: To examine the long-term risk of CVD associated with the continuum of maternal glucose tolerance. PARTICIPANTS: Nine hundred and seventeen participants assessed during pregnancy and followed over 20 years. MEASUREMENTS: Smoking behaviour, BMI at index pregnancy and follow-up, and gestational HbA1c. MAIN OUTCOME: Requiring medication for hypertension and CVD, and hospital admissions for CVD as ascertained by record linkage over 20-year period. RESULTS: Fifty-one women had a history of CVD, 85 women had hypertension and 17 women (2.3%) were admitted for CVD. There was a significant increase in the risk for CVD, hypertension and hospitalisation for CVD across the quartiles of gestational HbA1c after adjustment for known risk factors. This increased risk reached statistical significance in the highest quartile although confidence intervals were wide. CONCLUSION: Sub-clinical HbA1c during pregnancy was associated with a dose-related increase in the presence of medication and hospital admission for CVD. The magnitude of these effects is of note.
Left ventricular dysfunction in normotensive type II diabetic patients in Port Harcourt, Nigeria.; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is on the increase globally. Cardiovascular complications, such as left ventricular dysfunction is a major cause of death in patients with type II DM. Prior to the development of symptomatic heart failure, subclinical left ventricular dysfunction (systolic and diastolic) may exist for some time. AIM: The aim of the study was to determine the prevalence of left ventricular dysfunction in non-hypertensive type II DM patients. METHODS: A cross sectional study of left ventricular function in 90 normotensive type II diabetes mellitus patients using echocardiography was carried out. Healthy normotensive controls matched for age, sex, and body mass index were selected for comparison. Patients and controls who had hypertension (blood pressure of >140/90 mmHg), history of smoking, significant alcohol history, pregnancy, features of thyroid disease, or valvular heart disease were excluded. Left ventricular diastolic and systolic functions were assessed. RESULTS: Ninety patients, (39 males and 51 females) and 90 healthy controls (39 males and 51 females) were enrolled. Mean age of patients was 50.76 ± 9.13 years and 51.33 ± 7.84 years for controls. Mean body mass index was 26.88 ± 4.73 kg/m² in patients and 27.09 ± 4.04 kg/m² in controls. Mean ejection fraction was 62.4% ± 8.47% and 68.52% ± 7.94% in patients and controls, respectively (P < 0.001). Fourteen (15.56%) patients had ejection fraction less than 55% compared to four (4.44%) in controls (P < 0.001; odds ratio = 3.96). Impaired diastolic function was found in 65.6% of patients compared to 3.3% of controls (P < 0.001). Left ventricular mass index of >99 kg/m² in females and >115 kg/m² in males was considered abnormal. The left ventricular mass index was also higher in patients than in controls (95.17 ± 25.67 g/m² versus 85.40 ± 18.0 g/m²; P = 0.004). CONCLUSION: Normotensive diabetic patients have a high prevalence of left ventricular dysfunction even in the absence of cardiac symptoms.
Metabolic implications of GH treatment in small for gestational age.; Fetal growth retardation is associated with decreased postnatal growth, resulting in a lower adult height. In addition, a low birth weight is associated with an increased risk of developing diseases during adulthood, such as insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and cardiovascular diseases. Children with persistent postnatal growth retardation, i.e., incomplete catch-up growth, can be treated with human GH. The GH/IGF-I axis is involved in the regulation of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. The question of whether treatment with GH in children born small for gestational age (SGA) has long-term implications with respect to glucose/insulin and lipid metabolism has not been answered yet. In this article, the available data are reviewed.
The value of the oscillatory potential in selecting juvenile diabetics at risk of developing proliferative retinopathy.; A prospective long-term study of the predictive value of the oscillatory potential in the development of proliferative diabetic retinopathy has been made in 137 diabetics. Follow-ups 6-8 and 13-15 years later demonstrated that recording the oscillatory potential in juvenile diabetics with a disease duration of more than 5 years is valuable in selecting those at risk of developing proliferative retinopathy within 6 years at any rate. The predictive value of the oscillatory potentials is probably more limited in women who later become pregnant.
Can type 2 diabetes mellitus be considered preventable?; The primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is of great importance. There is now substantial evidence that T2DM can be prevented or delayed by lifestyle modification. A statistically significant reduction of relative risk of newly diagnosed T2DM was observed in large clinical trials with metformin, acarbose or orlistat in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance as well as with troglitazone in women with previous gestational diabetes. A relative risk reduction of newly diagnosed diabetes was observed in prospective, double blind clinical studies evaluating the effect of different antihypertensive drugs (ACE-inhibitors, angiotensin repector blockers, calcium channel blockers) or that of lipid-lowering agents (pravastatin) on the cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in high risk patients. In studies with postmenopausal hormone replacement therapy a relative risk reduction of newly developed T2DM was also observed. Thus, T2DM should be considered as a preventable disease. Nevertheless, it is noteworthy that oral antidiabetic drugs with an indication of preventing T2DM are not registered in several countries at present, so that drug therapy should not be used as a routine for preventing diabetes. On the other hand, patients with pre-diabetes (impaired fasting glycaemia, impaired glucose tolerance) should be given counseling on weight loss as well as instruction for increasing physical activity in order to prevent T2DM.
Prevention and Management of Hypertriglyceridemia-Induced Acute Pancreatitis During Pregnancy: A Systematic Review.; Severe gestational hypertriglyceridemia can lead to acute pancreatitis, with maternal mortality rate of approximately 20%. The recent National Lipid Association part 2 expert panel recommendations provide guidance on monitoring pregnant women at high risk for hyperlipidemia. We suggest that high-risk women have triglyceride levels checked once every trimester. Fasting triglycerides >250 mg/dL should prompt monthly triglyceride levels, screening for gestational diabetes, and implementing a strict low-carbohydrate, low-fat diet, exercise. Fasting triglycerides >500 mg/dL, despite a strict dietary and lifestyle modifications, should prompt treatment with omega-3-fatty acids and continue a fat-restricted diet (<20 g total fat/d or <15% total calories) under the guidance of a registered dietician. The use of fibrates should be considered as a second-line therapy due to their unclear risk versus benefit and potential teratogenic effects. Plasmapheresis should be considered early in asymptomatic pregnant women with fasting triglyceride levels >1000 mg/dL or in pregnant women with clinical signs and symptoms of pancreatitis and triglyceride levels >500 mg/dL despite maximal lifestyle changes and pharmacologic therapy.
A risk of waiting: the weekly incidence of hypertensive disorders and associated maternal and neonatal morbidity in low-risk term pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Elective induction of labor (eIOL) prior to 39 weeks' gestation is discouraged because of presumed fetal benefits. However, few data exist on the maternal risks of expectant management. To date, no study has evaluated the maternal risk of developing a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy with expectant management of a low-risk gravid at term. OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the development of hypertensive disorders in term low-risk expectantly managed patients. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cross-sectional study from 19 US hospitals, from 2002 to 2008 (Safe Labor Consortium) including all nonanomalous, cephalic, singleton pregnancies at 37-41 weeks. Women with a history of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, or planned cesarean delivery or from centers with incomplete hypertensive data were excluded. Women with eIOL in each week were compared with women managed expectantly until the next week of gestation or beyond. The primary outcome was the frequency of hypertensive complications. RESULTS: Of 114,651 low-risk deliveries, 12,772 (11.1%) had eIOL. The cohort was 49.2% nulliparous, 51.1% white, and obese (mean body mass index 30.2 kg/m(2)). The risk of developing any hypertension in expectantly managed women was 4.1% after 37 weeks, 3.5% after 38 weeks, 3.2% after 39 weeks, and 2.6% after 40 weeks. Compared with eIOL, women with hypertensive disorders had significantly higher rates of cesarean delivery and maternal morbidities (intensive care unit admission or death, third- or fourth-degree lacerations, maternal infections, and bleeding complications) at each week of gestation and the composite neonatal morbidity at 38 and 39 weeks of gestation. CONCLUSION: For women at low risk expectantly managed at term, there is a risk of developing hypertensive complications for each additional week of pregnancy, with associated increases in maternal and neonatal morbidities.
Renal function during pregnancy may predict risk of future hospitalization due to atherosclerotic-related morbidity.; AIM: This study aims to examine whether renal function during pregnancy can serve as a surrogate marker for the risk of developing atherosclerotic-related morbidity. METHODS: A case-control study, including women who gave birth at a tertiary referral medical centre during 2000-2012. This population was divided into cases of women who were subsequently hospitalized for atherosclerotic morbidity during the study period and age-matched controls. From the study population, we retrieved two groups: the creatinine (Cr) group: women who had at least one Cr measurement (4945 women) and the urea group: women who had at least one urea measurement (4932 women) during their pregnancies. In the Cr and urea group, there were 572 and 571 cases and 4373 and 4361 controls, respectively. The mean follow-up period in the Cr and urea group was 61.7 ± 37.0 and 57.3 ± 36.0 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models (controlling for confounders: gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level (for urea), and gestational week) were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations. RESULTS: A significant association was documented between renal function during pregnancy and long-term atherosclerotic morbidity. Multivariate analysis, showed that Cr at pregnancy index of ≥89 μmol/L was associated with a significant increased risk for hospitalization due to cardiovascular (CVS) events (adjusted HR = 2.91 CI 1.37-6.19 P = 0.005) and urea level ≤7 mmol/L was independently associated with reduced prevalence of CVS hospitalization (adjusted HR = 0.62 CI 0.57-0.86 P = 0.001). CONCLUSION: Renal function abnormality during pregnancy may reveal occult predisposition to atherosclerotic morbidity years after childbirth.
Latent iron deficiency in utero is associated with abnormal auditory neural myelination in ≥ 35 weeks gestational age infants.; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether cord serum ferritin level is associated with auditory brainstem evoked response interpeak latencies, an index of auditory neural myelination, in infants at ≥ 35 weeks gestational age (GA). STUDY DESIGN: This prospective study compared auditory neural myelination in infants with latent iron deficiency (cord serum ferritin, 11-75 ng/mL) and infants with normal iron status (cord serum ferritin, >75 ng/mL) at birth. Our inclusion criteria were infants born at ≥ 35 weeks GA who had cord blood collected soon after birth and had 1 or more of the following risk factors for poor in utero iron status: maternal diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and intrauterine growth restriction. Cord serum ferritin level was measured using the chemiluminescence immunoassay method. Auditory brainstem evoked response was measured using 80-dB normal hearing level click stimuli at a rate of 69.9/second within 48 hours after birth to evaluate interpeak latencies, a measure of nerve conduction velocity or myelination. RESULTS: Of the 45 infants studied, 12 had latent iron deficiency. On repeated-measures ANCOVA using interpeak latencies I-III, III-V, and I-V as multiple outcomes, infants with latent iron deficiency had significantly prolonged interpeak latencies (P = .01) compared with infants with normal iron status after controlling for confounders. CONCLUSION: In utero latent iron deficiency is associated with abnormal auditory neural myelination at birth in infants born at ≥ 35 weeks GA.
Changing indications for fetal echocardiography in a University Center population.; OBJECTIVES: We hypothesized that increased facility with fetal echocardiographic diagnosis by obstetricians is associated with changes in its indications and yields. METHODS: We reviewed 300 fetal echocardiograms (December 2002-August 2003) and compared our findings with previous studies. RESULTS: Mean maternal age was 31 +/- 6 (range 16-44) years. Gestational age was 24 +/- 5 weeks (mean +/- SD; median 22, range 15-38). Indications for fetal echocardiography included family history of congenital heart disease (CHD) (23%), maternal diabetes (18%), obstetrical scan suspicious for CHD (13%), arrhythmia (12%) maternal rheumatologic disease (7%), extracardiac congenital anomalies (6%), chromosomal anomaly (6%) and exposure to a potential fetal teratogen (5%). High yield indications included chromosomal anomaly (47%) and a suspicious obstetrical scan (42%). Low yield indications included family history of CHD (4%) and teratogen exposure (0%). 1/7 of the patients with increased nuchal translucency had pulmonary atresia/intact ventricular septum. No anomalies were associated with the single umbilical artery. CONCLUSION: Indications and yields of fetal echocardiography have changed over the last decade. The frequency of an obstetrical scan suspicious for CHD has increased 2.5 to 3 times over a decade and continues to have high yield. Thus, increasing prenatal detection of CHD depends, to a large extent, on increasing the skills of obstetricians.
Preterm Birth and its Impact on Renal Health.; Preterm birth occurs in approximately 10% of all births worldwide. Preterm infants have reduced nephron numbers at birth in proportion to gestational age, and are at increased risk of neonatal acute kidney injury as well as higher blood pressure, proteinuria, and chronic kidney disease later in life. Rapid catch-up growth in preterm infants, especially if resulting in obesity, is a risk factor for end-stage kidney disease among children with proteinuric renal disease. Preterm birth, however, is a risk factor not only for the infant because mothers who deliver preterm have an increased risk of having subsequent preterm deliveries as well as hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and renal disease later in life. Preterm birth in a female infant is also a risk factor for her future risk of having a preterm delivery, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes, which in turn may impact the development of fetal kidneys and the offspring's risk of hypertension and renal disease. This intergenerational programming cycle, therefore, perpetuates the risks and consequences of prematurity. Interruption of this cycle may be possible through optimization of maternal nutrition and health as well as careful antenatal care, which may in turn reduce the global burden of hypertension and renal disease in subsequent generations.
Assessment of selected lipid parameters in in children exposed to gestational diabetes (GDM) in utero.; INTRODUCTION: The assessment of maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy and lipid profile in the offspring is recently highlighted. AIM: The study was undertaken to assess the selected lipid parameters in children exposed to gestational diabetes (GDM) in utero. MATERIAL AND METHODS: 50 children, 7-15 years of age, exposed to GDM were compared with 46 control subjects (7-16 years old). In all participants anthropometric parameters (height, weight, waist and hip circumferences) and values of total cholesterol, LDL-, HDL-cholesterol and triglycerides (TG) were measured. BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) and TG to HDL-cholesterol ratio were calculated. RESULTS: The prevalence of overweight/obesity in the study cohort was 38% and 41% in the control (p=0.19). Higher total cholesterol level (p=0.002) and LDL-cholesterol (p=0.007) were found in the study group. In children exposed to GDM significantly higher values of LDL-cholesterol (p=0.02), triglycerides (p=0.02), TG to HDL-cholesterol ratio (p=0.007) and lower HDL-cholesterol (p=0.02) were observed in overweight/obese children compared to slim participants. In the control group, similar results were not noted. In the study group, a positive correlations of TG to HDL-cholesterol ratio and BMI SDS (RS=0.47, p=0.0006), WHR (RS =0.31, p=0.03), SDS of birth weight (RS =0.47, p=0.0006) were found. CONCLUSION: Children exposed to GDM in utero could have a higher risk of dyslipidemia with its cardiovascular complications. Towards observed worse lipid parameters in children with excessive body mass born from pregnancies with GDM, prevention of overweight and obesity in this group seems to be essential.
Changes in Doppler blood flow velocity in middle cerebral artery in response to airborne sound in low- and high-risk human fetuses.; OBJECTIVE: To examine fetal auditory perception in low- and high-risk pregnancies in period from 27 to 31 weeks gestational age with the aim to establish diagnostic parameters in prenatal detection of the degree of hearing development in a fetus. METHODS: Method of prenatal hearing screening was applied on 80 women divided in two groups: Control group (C=22), consisted of pregnant women with low-risk pregnancies, and Experimental group (E=58), consisted of pregnant women with high-risk pregnancies (pregnancies with diagnosis of: preterm delivery, hypertension and/or intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), diabetes). PHS was applied in period from 27 to 31 weeks gestational age. Brain circulation changes in fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) caused by defined sound stimulus, as the indicator of fetal auditory reactions, were registered on Doppler ultrasound apparatus. After visualization of MCA, a sound stimulus was delivered. The stimulus consisted of one defined sound which is a digitally produced sound with the intensity of 90 dB, frequency range of 1500-4500 Hz, and duration of 0.2s (click) and it was presented only once. Measurements in observed artery were taken before (baseline) and after defined sound stimulation. RESULTS: Results showed that the absolute and relative difference in Pulsatility index (baseline and after sound stimulation) were greater for the high-risk group compared to the low-risk group (absolute difference: mean=0.36 vs mean=0.36) (relative difference: mean = ∼ 18% vs mean = ∼ 12%). When the low-risk group and the three high-risk group mean pairs were compared using multiple t-test, the diabetic group differed from the low-risk and two other high-risk groups; the low-risk and the two other high-risk groups did not differ from each other. Fetuses from pregnancies with diagnosis of diabetes demonstrated the most expressive reactibility and significantly higher absolute and relative changes of Pi values (absolute difference: mean=0.54, relative difference: mean=25.49%). CONCLUSION: The values of Pulsatility index (Pi) registered by PHS in low- and high-risk pregnancies may be used as differential and diagnostic parameters in fetal auditory perception examination. Fetuses from pregnancies with diagnosis of diabetes demonstrated significantly higher absolute and relative changes of Pi values compared to other groups of examined fetuses.
Non-traumatic forensic neuropathology.; The practicing Forensic Pathologist is likely to encounter case material in which either the cause of death or a major contribution to the cause of death is underlying damage to or disease of the central nervous system. While it is good practice in many instances to have a working relationship with a Department of Neuropathology, from which advice and practical help can be sought, there may be instances when the Forensic Pathologist needs to proceed on a basis of a working knowledge of Forensic Neuropathology up to and including how to examine the specimen and take tissue blocks for processing and subsequent histological examination. Some of the more common conditions of the central nervous system such as damage consequent to hypoxia-ischaemia, hypoglycemia and epilepsy, the encephalopathies associated with altered sodium concentration, deficiency due to Vitamin B(1) and various neurodegenerative diseases that manifest as dementia and include Alzheimer's disease, cortical Lewy body disease and the prion disorders, are outlined in this article.
Depot medroxyprogesterone acetate contraception in women with medical problems.; Since few clinical trials of contraceptive agents are conducted on women with medical problems, use of these agents in these populations is often based more upon theoretical considerations than clinical data. Clinicians must distinguish the risk of estrogen in the combined oral contraceptive from the risk of the progestin-only contraceptive methods. This review compares the risks of pregnancy with the risks of contraceptive methods for patients with chronic hypertension, cardiac disease, thrombotic disorders, diabetes, epilepsy, lupus erythematosus and other medical disorders. For women with certain medical problems, estrogen, but not progestogen, may be contraindicated. For these women, a long-acting progestogen, such as depot medroxyprogesterone acetate (DMPA), may offer distinct advantages.
An evaluation of biomicroscopy of the conjunctival vessels.; Human clinical biomicroscopy is an aid to the assessment of the microcirculation in health and disease. It has only limited diagnostic value but in some important conditions gives helpful clues and in a few conditions pathognomonic information. Features which can be evaluated include intravascular red cell aggregation, small blood vessel patterns, diameter of vessels, stasis pools, microaneurysms, petechiae and vasomotion. Red cell aggregation correlates well with sedimentation rate. Some of these factors, or combinations of them, correlate well with arteriosclerosis, diabetes, and hypertension. The apparatus required is relatively simple, and the method is noninvasive.
Exercise in Pregnancy.; Routine exercise should be recommended to healthy pregnant women after consultation with an obstetric provider. Even pregnant women who have not been exercising regularly can gradually increase their exercise during pregnancy. Regular exercise during pregnancy promotes overall wellness and helps maintain appropriate gestational weight gain and appropriate fetal weight gain. Exercise in pregnancy may also reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes, and may be associated with shorter first stage of labor and decreased risk for cesarean section. Exercise in pregnancy is safe for pregnant women and their fetuses and can have multiple health benefits.
Chronic hypertension and the risk for adverse pregnancy outcome after superimposed pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the risk factors and pregnancy outcome of patients with chronic hypertension during pregnancy after controlling for superimposed preeclampsia. METHOD: A comparison of all singleton term (>36 weeks) deliveries occurring between 1988 and 1999, with and without chronic hypertension, was performed. Stratified analyses, using the Mantel-Haenszel technique, and a multiple logistic regression model were performed to control for confounders. RESULTS: Chronic hypertension complicated 1.6% (n=1807) of all deliveries included in the study (n=113156). Using a multivariable analysis, the following factors were found to be independently associated with chronic hypertension: maternal age >40 years (OR=3.1; 95% CI 2.7-3.6), diabetes mellitus (OR=3.6; 95% CI 3.3-4.1), recurrent abortions (OR=1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.8), infertility treatment (OR=2.9; 95% CI 2.3-3.7), and previous cesarean delivery (CD; OR=1.8 CI 1.6-2.0). After adjustment for superimposed preeclampsia, using the Mantel-Haenszel technique, pregnancies complicated with chronic hypertension had higher rates of CD (OR=2.7; 95% CI 2.4-3.0), intra uterine growth restriction (OR=1.7; 95% CI 1.3-2.2), perinatal mortality (OR=1.6; 95% CI 1.01-2.6) and post-partum hemorrhage (OR=2.2; 95% CI 1.4-3.7). CONCLUSION: Chronic hypertension is associated with adverse pregnancy outcome, regardless of superimposed preeclampsia.
Pregnancy-associated arterial dissections: a nationwide cohort study.; AIMS: Pregnancy is a known risk factor for arterial dissection, which can result in significant morbidity and mortality in the peripartum period. However, little is known about the risk factors, timing, distribution, and outcomes of arterial dissections associated with pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: We included all women ≥12 years of age with hospitalizations associated with pregnancy and/or delivery in the Nationwide Readmissions Database between 2010 and 2015. The primary outcome was any dissection during pregnancy, delivery, or the postpartum period (42-days post-delivery). Secondary outcomes included timing of dissection, location of dissection, and in-hospital mortality. Among 18 151  897 pregnant patients, 993 (0.005%) patients were diagnosed with a pregnancy-related dissection. Risk factors included older age (32.8 vs. 28.0 years), multiple gestation (3.6% vs. 1.9%), gestational diabetes (14.3% vs. 0.2%), gestational hypertension (6.0% vs. 0.6%), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (2.7% vs. 0.4%), in addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Of the 993 patients with dissection, 150 (15.1%) dissections occurred in the antepartum period, 232 (23.4%) were diagnosed during the admission for delivery, and 611 (61.5%) were diagnosed in the postpartum period. The most common locations for dissections were coronary (38.2%), vertebral (22.9%), aortic (19.8%), and carotid (19.5%). In-hospital mortality was 3.7% among pregnant patients with a dissection vs. <0.001% in patients without a dissection. Deaths were isolated to patients with an aortic (8.6%), coronary (4.2%), or supra-aortic (<2.5%) dissection. CONCLUSION: Arterial dissections occurred in 5.5/100 000 hospitalized pregnant or postpartum women, most frequently in the postpartum period, and were associated with high mortality risk. The coronary arteries were most commonly involved. Pregnancy-related dissections were associated with traditional risk factors, as well as pregnancy-specific conditions.
Angiogenic Dysregulation in Pregnancy-Related Hypertension-A Role for Metformin.; In the face of escalating maternal and fetal health threats, hypertensive pregnancy disorders (HPDs) is one of the leading cause of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. The range of HPDs include white-coat hypertension, chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, mild-to-moderate and severe preeclampsia and eclampsia. Current evidence implicates an imbalance of circulating anti- and angiogenic factors in HPDs emanating from the placental vasculature, impacting on angiogenesis. Delivery of the fetus is thus far the only curative measure, albeit with increased risk. Resultant endothelial dysfunction caused by the excessive production of placental soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 has been the basis of many studies to find a safer treatment strategy. Metformin, used historically in the treatment of diabetes mellitus has also found its therapeutic reach in many other disease states. These include, but are not limited to, improving blood flow in certain cancer types, treatment of polycystic ovarian disease, improving vasodilation, and reducing inflammation. Metformin is used to treat hyperglycemic endothelial dysfunction through the enhancement of the nitric oxide system, endothelin-derived hyperpolarizing factor and sirtuin 1. Similarly, endothelial dysfunction in preeclampsia and other HPDs leads to a hypoxic state and elevated blood pressures. Dubbed as the new "aspirin" of current times, the retardation of the antiangiogenic status by metformin provides an exciting and promising alternate strategy in treating these pregnancy disorders.
Perinatal Health of Women with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Comorbid Mental Illness.; OBJECTIVE: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have high rates of adverse perinatal outcomes. However, the perinatal health of women with co-occurring IDD and mental illness (dual diagnosis) is largely unknown. Our objectives were to 1) describe a cohort of women with dual diagnosis in terms of their social and health characteristics and 2) compare their risks for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes to those of women with IDD only. METHOD: We conducted a population-based study using linked Ontario (Canada) health and social services administrative data to identify singleton obstetric deliveries to women with dual diagnosis (n = 2080) and women with IDD only (n = 1852; 2002-2012). Primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. We also examined several secondary outcomes. RESULTS: Women with dual diagnosis were more likely than women with IDD only to live in poor neighborhoods and to have prepregnancy health conditions; however, they had more frequent prenatal care. Infants born to women with dual diagnosis had increased risks for preterm birth (adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.31, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08 to 1.59) and neonatal morbidity (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.76) compared with infants born to women with IDD only. All other primary and secondary outcomes were nonsignificant. CONCLUSIONS: Comorbid mental illness contributes little additional risk for adverse perinatal outcomes among women with IDD. Women with dual diagnosis and women with IDD alone require increased surveillance for maternal and neonatal complications.
Comparison of Four Intrapartum Cardiotocography Classifications for Predicting Neonatal Acidemia at Birth.; OBJECTIVE: To compare diagnostic values of four intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) classifications in predicting neonatal acidemia at birth. METHODS: Retrospective case-control study. Forty-three CTG traces with an umbilical artery pH < 7.00 (study group) and 43 traces with a pH ≥ 7.00 (control group) were analyzed. Inclusion criteria were singleton pregnancy, cephalic presentation, admission to labour ward during active phase of first stage of labour, and gestational age 37(+0) to 41(+6) weeks. Exclusion criteria were suspected intrauterine growth restriction, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, pregestational or gestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and preeclampsia. Last 30-60 minutes before delivery of CTG traces was classified retrospectively according to four classification systems-International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO), Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG), National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD), and the 5-tier system by Parer and Ikeda. Predictive value of each classification for neonatal acidemia was assessed using receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis. RESULTS: FIGO, RCOG, and NICHD classifications predicted neonatal acidemia with areas under the ROC curves (AUC) of 0.73, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.63-0.84; 0.72, 95% CI 0.60-0.83; and 0.69, 95% CI 0.57-0.80, respectively. The five-tier system by Parer and Ikeda had significantly better predictive value with an AUC of 0.96, 95% CI 0.91-1.00. CONCLUSIONS: The 5-tier classification system proposed by Parer and Ikeda for assessing CTG in labour was superior to FIGO, RCOG, and NICHD intrapartum CTG classifications in predicting severe neonatal acidemia at birth.
Contraception and dyslipidemia.; The risks of cardiovascular disease associated with dyslipidemia differ in women and men, being more strongly associated with triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein in middle-aged women than in men. Although the incidence of heart disease is lower in women because they live longer, over a lifetime, cardiovascular disease in women is equal to that in men, with the greatest incidence after age 65 years. Major coronary events are rare among reproductive-age women who use oral contraceptives and are related to the concomitant effects of age, smoking, diabetes, hypertension, and obesity. Low estrogen-progestin dose oral contraceptives appear not to promote cardiovascular disease and can be used in women with controlled cholesterol elevations. Alternative contraceptive measures should be considered for patients with severe uncontrolled hypercholesterolemia or a lipid disorder that carries a high risk of coronary heart disease. In these conditions, thrombotic propensity associated with supraphysiologic doses of estrogen in oral contraceptives might accelerate coronary thrombosis should an arteriosclerotic plaque rupture. Treatment of hypercholesterolemia should follow the guidelines of the National Cholesterol Education Program and emphasize hygienic measures. Contraceptive selection in hyperlipidemic patients should reflect a balance between the risks--and their management--of developing cardiovascular disease versus the risks of pregnancy.
In utero and lactational exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin modulates dysregulation of the lipid metabolism in mouse offspring fed a high-calorie diet.; Exposure to environmental chemicals, including dioxins, is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus in humans. This study explored the hypothesis that in utero and lactational exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD), the most toxic congener among dioxins, aggravates this disease state later in adulthood. Pregnant C57Bl/6 J mice were administered either a single oral dose of TCDD (3.0 µg kg(-1) body weight) or corn oil on gestational day 12.5. The male pups born to these two groups of dams were given either a regular diet or a high-calorie diet, after postnatal day (PND) 28. The four groups of investigated offspring were thus termed T-R (TCDD regular diet), T-H (TCDD high-calorie diet), V-R (vehicle regular diet), and V-H (vehicle high-calorie diet). The mice were regularly monitored for body weight, blood pressure and glucose, until they reached 26 weeks of age. Mice in the V-H group were significantly obese at weeks 15 and 26, but they exhibited no diabetes-associated signs of insulin resistance or hypertension. However, metabolic syndrome-related alterations with marginal signs of liver damage were found at week 26. Pronounced signs of dysregulated lipid metabolism with altered gene expression and liver inflammation were already present at week 15, whereas such alterations were suppressed in the T-H group. Although the mechanism is unclear, this study showed that in utero and lactational exposure to low-dose TCDD does not aggravate obesity-induced disease states, such as adult-onset diabetes, but instead attenuates the dysregulation of lipid metabolism brought on by a high-calorie diet.
The Impact of Macronutrients on Retinal Microvasculature among Singapore Pregnant Women during the Mid-Late Gestation.; BACKGROUND: Imbalanced macronutrient intakes can induce impairment of endothelial and vascular function, and further lead to metabolic and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the influence of such diets on endothelial and vascular dysfunction in pregnant women, even though high-fat diet is a known risk for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. OBJECTIVE: We aimed to assess the association between maternal macronutrient intakes (protein, fat and carbohydrates), dietary quality and retinal microvascular changes in a multi-ethnic Asian mother-offspring cohort. METHODS: Pregnant women (n = 614) with singleton pregnancies were recruited during their first trimester from June 2009 to Sep 2010. Maternal diet quality and macronutrient intakes, expressed as a percentage of total energy during pregnancy, were ascertained using 24 hr recalls and 3 d food diaries at 26-28 weeks gestation. Retinal examination was completed at the same clinic visit. Dietary quality was assessed and scored using the Health Eating Index in Asian Pregnant women (HEI-AP), while macronutrients intakes ware expressed as percentages of total energy and further log transformed for analysis. Associations were examined cross-sectionally by substitution models with the use of multiple linear regression. RESULTS: In adjusted model, each 20 points decrease in HEI-AP score was associated with a significant increase of 1.70 μm (p<0.05) in retinal venular calibre. Each 0.1 log increase in percentage of total fat intake was associated with a significant increment of 1.84 μm (p<0.05) in retinal venular caliber. Additionally, each 0.1 log increase in percentage of mono-unsaturated fat intake was associated with an increment of 1.84 μm (p<0.01) in retinal venular caliber. CONCLUSIONS: In this cross-sectional study, we found that women with higher fat and lower protein intakes, and lower diet quality tended to have wider retinal venular caliber, which is suggestive of suboptimal microvasculature.
Perinatal factors and the risk of developing anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa.; CONTEXT: Few prospective studies to date have investigated the role of obstetric complications in anorexia nervosa, and no study to our knowledge exists for this in bulimia nervosa. OBJECTIVE: To explore the role of obstetric complications in the development of eating disorders. DESIGN: A blind analysis of the obstetric records of a sample of subjects with anorexia nervosa, with bulimia nervosa, and normal subjects was performed. All of the subjects included in the study belong to the same population birth cohort and were born in the 2 obstetric wards of Padua Hospital, Padua, Italy, between January 17, 1971, and December 30, 1979. SETTINGS AND PARTICIPANTS: Part of the sample of subjects with eating disorders and all of the controls took part in a prevalence study carried out in 2 randomly selected areas of Padua. In addition, all of the subjects with anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa of the same birth cohort who were referred to an outpatient specialist unit were included. The final sample comprised 114 subjects with anorexia nervosa, 73 with bulimia nervosa, and 554 control subjects. RESULTS: Several complications, such as maternal anemia (P = .03), diabetes mellitus (P = .04), preeclampsia (P = .02), placental infarction (P = .001), neonatal cardiac problems (P = .007), and hyporeactivity (P = .03), were significant independent predictors of the development of anorexia nervosa. The risk of developing anorexia nervosa increased with the total number of obstetric complications. In addition, an increasing number of complications significantly anticipated the age at onset of anorexia nervosa (P = .03). The obstetric complications significantly associated with bulimia nervosa were the following: placental infarction (P = .10), neonatal hyporeactivity (P = .005), early eating difficulties (P = .02), and a low birth weight for gestational age (P = .009). Being shorter for gestational age significantly differentiated subjects with bulimia nervosa from both those with anorexia nervosa (P = .04) and control subjects (P = .05). CONCLUSIONS: A significantly higher risk of eating disorders was found for subjects with specific types of obstetric complications. An impairment in neurodevelopment could be implicated in the pathogenesis of eating disorders.
Maternal hypothyroidism and its effect on placental histopathology in singleton live births resulting from in vitro fertilization treatment.; We aimed to examine the impact of maternal hypothyroidism on placental pathology and perinatal outcomes in singleton live births resulting from IVF, using medical records of IVF births between 2009 and 2017 at a tertiary hospital. The primary outcomes included anatomical, inflammation, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation placental features. Secondary outcomes included foetal, maternal, perinatal, and delivery complications. There were 1,057 live births, of which 103 (9.7%) and 954 (90.3%) were in the study and control groups, respectively. Patients in the study group were more likely to have diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and non-reassuring foetal heart rate (NRFHR) tracing during delivery. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, hypothyroidism was significantly associated with the bilobed placenta (aOR 4.1; 95% CI 1.2-14.3), retroplacental haematoma (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.2-4.9), decidual arteriopathy (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.2-4.1) and subchorionic thrombi (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.3-5.0). Additionally, there was a statistically significant relationship with NRFHR tracing. The incidence of acute chorioamnionitis and severe foetal inflammatory response was higher in the study group. In conclusion, the placental histopathology patterns of singleton IVF live births show that maternal hypothyroidism has a significant impact on adverse perinatal outcomes.
Two risk-scoring systems for predicting incident diabetes mellitus in U.S. adults age 45 to 64 years.; BACKGROUND: Simple prediction scores could help identify adults at high risk for diabetes. OBJECTIVE: To derive and validate scoring systems by using longitudinal data from a study that repeatedly tested for incident diabetes. DESIGN: Prospective cohort, divided into derivation and validation samples. SETTING: The ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) study, which followed participants for 14.9 years beginning in 1987 to 1989. PARTICIPANTS: 12 729 U.S. adults (baseline age, 45 to 64 years; 22.8% black). Follow-up was 96.1% at 5 years and 72.2% at 10 years. MEASUREMENTS: Anthropometry, blood pressure, and pulse (basic system) plus a fasting blood specimen assayed for common analytes (enhanced system). Diabetes was identified in 18.9% of participants. Risk score integer points were derived from proportional hazard coefficients associated with baseline categorical variables and quintiles of continuous variables. RESULTS: The basic scoring system included waist circumference (10 to 35 points); maternal diabetes (13 points); hypertension (11 points); and paternal diabetes, short stature, black race, age 55 years or older, increased weight, rapid pulse, and smoking history (< or =8 points each). The enhanced system included glucose (6 to 28 points); waist circumference (5 to 21 points); maternal diabetes (8 points); and triglycerides, black race, paternal diabetes, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentration, short stature, high uric acid, age 55 years or older, hypertension, rapid pulse, and nonuse of alcohol (< or =7 points each). When applied to the validation sample, ascending quintiles of the basic system were associated with a 10-year incidence of diabetes of 5.3%, 8.7%, 15.5%, 24.5%, and 33.0%, respectively. Quintiles of the enhanced system were associated with a 10-year incidence of 3.5%, 6.4%, 11.5%, 19.3%, and 46.1%. LIMITATIONS: The risk scoring systems had no question regarding previous gestational diabetes, and knowledge of parental diabetes may be uncertain. The analyzed cohort was restricted by age and race; the systems may be less effective in other samples. CONCLUSION: Basic information identified adults at high risk for diabetes. Additional data from fasting blood tests better identified those at extreme risk.
Is It Safe to Manage Acute Cholecystitis Nonoperatively During Pregnancy?: A Nationwide Analysis of Morbidity According to Management Strategy.; OBJECTIVES: To compare cholecystectomy (CCY) and nonoperative treatment (no-CCY) for acute cholecystitis in pregnancy. SUMMARY OF BACKGROUND DATA: Current Society of Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgery guidelines recommend CCY over nonoperative management of acute cholecystitis during pregnancy, and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend medically necessary surgery regardless of trimester. This approach has been recently questioned. METHODS: Pregnant women admitted with acute cholecystitis were identified using the Nationwide Readmission Database 2010-2015. Propensity-score adjusted logistic regression models were used to compare CCY and no-CCY. The primary outcome was a composite measure of adverse maternal-fetal outcomes (intrauterine death/stillbirth, poor fetal growth, abortion, preterm delivery, C-section, obstetric bleeding, infection of the amniotic fluid, venous thromboembolism). RESULTS: There were 6390 pregnant women with acute cholecystitis: 38.2% underwent CCY, of which 5.1% were open. Patients were more likely to be managed operatively in their second trimester (First 43.9%, Second 59.1%, Third 34.2%; P < 0.01). Patients managed with CCY did not differ in age, insurance, income, Charlson Comorbidity Index, diabetes or obesity when compared to no-CCY (all P > 0.05), but were less likely to have a previous C-section, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia/eclampsia or be in the third trimester (P ≤ 0.01). Risk-adjusted analyses showed that no-CCY was associated with significantly increased maternal-fetal complications during the index admission [odds ratio 3.0 (95% confidence interval 2.08-4.34), P < 0.01] and 30-day readmissions [odds ratio 1.61 (confidence interval % CI 1.12-2.32), P < 0.01]. CONCLUSIONS: Contrary to current guidelines, most pregnant women admitted in the US with acute cholecystitis are managed nonoperatively. This is associated with over twice the odds of maternal-fetal complications in addition to increased readmissions.
Effectiveness of Dietetic Consultations in Primary Health Care: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.; BACKGROUND: A dietetic consultation is a structured process aimed at supporting individual patients to modify their dietary behaviors to improve health outcomes. The body of evidence on the effectiveness of nutrition care provided by dietitians in primary health care settings has not previously been synthesized. This information is important to inform the role of dietitians in primary health care service delivery. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this systematic review was to evaluate the evidence of the effectiveness of individual consultations provided exclusively by dietitians in primary care to support adult patients to modify dietary intake and improve health outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: ProQuest Family Health, Scopus, PubMed Central, Medline, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, and Cochrane databases were searched for English language systematic reviews or randomized controlled trials published before October 2016. The key terms used identified the provision of nutrition care exclusively by a dietitian in a primary health care setting aimed at supporting adult patients to modify dietary behaviors and/or improve biomarkers of health. Interventions delivered to patients aged younger than 18 years, in hospital, via telephone only, in a group or lecture setting, or by a multidisciplinary team were excluded. The methodologic quality of each study was appraised using the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool and the body of evidence was assessed using the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Evidence Analysis Manual. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Outcomes included the effectiveness of dietetic interventions in terms of anthropometry, clinical indicators, and dietary intake. A statistically significant between-group difference was used to indicate intervention effectiveness (P<0.05). RESULTS: Twenty-six randomized controlled studies met eligibility criteria, representing 5,500 adults receiving dietetic consultations in a primary care setting. Eighteen of 26 included studies showed statistically significant differences in dietary, anthropometric, or clinical indicators between intervention and comparator groups. When focusing specifically on each study's stated aim, significant improvements favoring the intervention compared with control were found for the following management areas: glycemic control (four out of four studies), dietary change (four out of four studies), anthropometry (four out of seven studies), cholesterol (two out of eight studies), triglycerides (one out of five), and blood pressure (zero out of three) studies. CONCLUSIONS: Dietetic consultations for adults in primary care settings appear to be effective for improvement in diet quality, diabetes outcomes (including blood glucose and glycated haemoglobin values), and weight loss outcomes (eg, changes in weight and waist circumference) and to limit gestational weight gain (Grade II: Fair evidence). Research evaluated in this review does not provide consistent support for the effectiveness of direct dietetic counseling alone in achieving outcomes relating to plasma lipid levels and blood pressure (Grade III: Limited evidence). Therefore, to more effectively control these cardiovascular disease risk factors, future research might explore novel nutrition counseling approaches as well as dietitians functioning as part of multidisciplinary teams.
Neonatal outcome after preterm delivery for preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to determine whether maternal preeclampsia per se has a beneficial effect on neonatal outcome after delivery before 35 weeks. STUDY DESIGN: A matched cohort study design was used. Two hundred twenty-three infants of strictly defined preeclamptic women were matched for gestational age, race, gender, and mode of delivery with infants of normotensive women with preterm labor and delivery. Pregnancies with multiple gestation, premature rupture of membranes, known fetal anomalies, diabetes, or maternal medical disease were excluded. Information was obtained by review of maternal and neonatal charts. Paired categoric and continuous data were compared by McNemar's test and the Wilcoxon signed-rank test, respectively. RESULTS: There was no difference in the incidence of neonatal death (4.5% vs 4.5%, p = 0.82), respiratory distress syndrome (22.0% vs 22.0%, p = 0.88), grades 3 and 4 intraventricular hemorrhage (2.2% vs 2.2%, p = 0.72), grades 2 and 3 necrotizing enterocolitis (5.8% vs 4.0%, p = 0.48), and culture-proved sepsis (9.0% vs 9.0%, p = 0.85). Results were similar when analysis was limited to infants born at < or = 32 weeks, infants born to mothers with severe preeclampsia, and infants with intrauterine growth restriction. CONCLUSION: Maternal preeclampsia per se does not have a beneficial effect on the postnatal course of infants born at 24 to 35 weeks' gestation.
[Adverse obstetric and perinatal outcome with in vitro fertilization technology: A French nationwide population-based study].; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this study was to quantify the risk of maternal and perinatal morbidity with in vitro fertilization (IVF) technology compared to non-IVF pregnancies in a recent French national cohort. METHOD: The data was extracted from the hospital information data system, including all pregnancies with a delivery from 2013 to 2016. The risks of preterm birth, maternal morbidity (venous and arterial thrombosis, gestational diabetes, vascular disorders, placenta previa, placenta abruption), hypotrophy and congenital malformation were compared in both groups in univariate and multivariate analysis after adjustment on the characteristics of women (age, parity, obesity, tobacco dependence, history of diabetes or high blood pressure), multiple deliveries and sex of children. RESULTS: In all, 2,875,662 pregnancies and 2,922,712 births were analyzed, of which 49,224 were derived from IVF (1.7%). In multivariate analysis, all risks were significantly higher in IVF: premature deliveries (OR(ajusted)=1.28; CI(95%)=1.24-1.32), maternal morbidity (OR(ajusted)=1.24; CI(95%)=1.21-2.28), (mainly for thrombosis venous, placenta previa and placenta abruption). The risks of hypotrophy (OR(ajusted)=1.13; CI(95%)=1.10-1.16) and congenital malformations (OR(ajusted)=1.11; CI(95%)=1.05-1.17) were slightly increased. CONCLUSION: The results of this study on a large cohort of recent births in France confirm that there was an increased risk of maternal and perinatal morbidities in IVF. These risks were similar to those published in the international literature. This study is the starting point for a forthcoming surveillance.
Coronary heart disease: a disorder of growth.; A new 'developmental' model for the origins of coronary heart disease and the related disorders of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and stroke is emerging. The finding that people who develop these disorders have altered growth in utero, during infancy and childhood provides a new starting point for research. The immediate prospect for prevention is through protecting infant growth and preventing accelerated weight gain in children made vulnerable to later disease by small size at birth and during infancy. Ultimately we need to optimize maternal diet and composition before and during pregnancy. Despite current levels of nutrition in Western countries the nutrition of many fetuses and infants remains suboptimal because the nutrients available are unbalanced or because their delivery is constrained by the long and vulnerable fetal supply line.
Black Box Warning: Cardiovascular Complications Make Motherhood Unsafe for African American Women.; BACKGROUND: In the United States, cardiovascular disease and its complications in pregnancy is the leading killer in mothers. The black maternal mortality rate is quadruple the rate among white women. MAIN BODY: The reasons for this staggering discrepancy hinge on two central issues: First, black women are more likely to have pre-existing cardiovascular morbidity that increase the risk of maternal mortality. Second, black women are more likely to experience adverse pregnancy outcomes including small for gestational age, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. These perinatal complications put them at risk for developing long-term cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: This article is a call to action to recognize that adverse pregnancy outcomes represent an opportunity to intervene in order to change the long-term cardiovascular health of black women.
[Anesthetic aspects of the problem of morbid obesity in pregnancy].; The prevalence of morbid obesity has been grown at a very heart rate in developed countries during the last decades. Over-weight pregnant women make up a group of risk of such serious complications as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, increased frequency of Cesarean sections, and uterine inertia. Morbid obesity creates problems in anesthetic support. Obesity is associated with many physiological changes that compromise the adaptive ability in pregnant and delivering women. This review describes clinical and functional peculiarities of pregnancy, labor, and perioperative period in women with morbid obesity. Main physiological changes in these patients are described. Clinical aspects of the problem of practical significance for obstetricians/anesthetists are discussed.
Oxfordshire Women and Their Children's Health (OxWATCH): protocol for a prospective cohort feasibility study.; INTRODUCTION: Some specific pregnancy disorders are known to be associated with increased incidence of long-term maternal ill health (eg, gestational diabetes with late onset type 2 diabetes; pre-eclampsia with arterial disease). To what degree these later health conditions are a consequence of the woman's constitution prior to pregnancy rather than pregnancy itself triggering changes in a woman's health is unknown. Additionally, there is little prospective evidence for the impact of pre-pregnancy risk factors on the outcome of pregnancy. To understand the importance of pre-pregnancy health requires the recruitment of women into a long-term cohort study before their first successful pregnancy. The aim of this feasibility study is to test recruitment procedures and acceptability of participation to inform the planning of a future large-scale cohort study. METHODS: The prospective cohort feasibility study will recruit nulliparous women aged 18-40 years. Women will be asked to complete a questionnaire to assess the acceptability of our recruitment and data collection procedures. Baseline biophysical, genetic, socioeconomic, behavioural and psychological assessments will be conducted and samples of blood, urine, saliva and DNA will be collected. Recruitment feasibility and retention rates will be assessed. Women who become pregnant will be recalled for pregnancy and postpregnancy assessments. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: The study protocol was approved by South Central Portsmouth REC (Ref: 12/SC/0492). The findings from the study will be disseminated through peer reviewed journals, national and international conference presentations and public events. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov; NCT02419898.
Mouse embryonic cardiac metabolism under euglycemic and hypoglycemic conditions.; Children of mothers with insulin-dependent diabetic mothers (IDDM) have a 2-4 times higher incidence of congenital birth defects as compared to the general population, including cardiac abnormalities, of unknown etiology. Using rodent embryos to explore potential teratogenic factors of the altered IDDM metabolism, it has been shown that exposure to hypoglycemia in vitro results in a variety of defects, including cardiac malformations. Since pregnant diabetics experience frequent episodes of low blood glucose, it was hypothesized that hypoglycemia may play a role in the generation of heart abnormalities seen in children born to IDDM mothers. Several studies have indicated that during embryogenesis the heart is dependent on glucose for energy production such that under hypoglycemic conditions, insufficient amounts of ATP may be produced resulting in abnormalities. To test this hypothesis, cardiac ATP content was monitored in D10-D12 (plug day = D1) hearts. In addition, the contribution of glycolysis and the Krebs cycle to ATP production was monitored. D10 hearts exposed to euglycemic control conditions were found to be primarily dependent on glycolysis for ATP production from glucose before switching to the Krebs cycle and oxidative phosphorylation for energy production from this substrate on D11. Exposure to hypoglycemia did not alter the timing of this maturation process or deplete cardiac ATP content. However, cardiac lactate levels increased approximately twofold in the presence of hypoglycemia on d10. Since increased concentrations of lactate are harmful to many tissues and have been shown to be detrimental to the adult rat heart, lactic acidosis may explain the origin of cardiac defects produced by hypoglycemia, and not a deficiency of ATP.
Challenges in Women with Diabetes During the COVID-19 Pandemic.; The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has created significant challenges for healthcare systems across the world. The disease seems to infect men and women in equal numbers, though trends suggest that men have greater morbidity. This has been attributed to differences in immunological response, expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), prevalence of comorbidities, and health-related behaviours, such as smoking. However, this cannot be taken to mean that women are somehow protected. Advanced age, smoking, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease have emerged as the leading contributors to increased morbidity and mortality from the disease. Women with diabetes form a vulnerable group as they often receive suboptimal diabetes care and support, even though they have a high burden of comorbidities and complications. While there are challenges in healthcare delivery during the pandemic, cardiometabolic care cannot be compromised, which calls for exploring new avenues of healthcare delivery, such as telemedicine. Pregnant women with diabetes should continue to receive quality care for optimal outcomes, and the psychological health of women also needs special consideration. The management of hyperglycaemia during COVID-19 infection is important to reduce morbidity and mortality from the infection. The gendered impact of outbreaks and quarantine goes beyond biomedical and psychological aspects, and the socioeconomic impact of the pandemic is likely to affect the long-term care of women with diabetes, which creates an urgent need to create effective policies and interventions to promote optimal care in this vulnerable group.
Vitamin D action: lessons learned from hereditary 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin-D-resistant rickets patients.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Hereditary 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin-D [1,25(OH)(2)D(3)]-resistant rickets (HVDRR) is a rare genetic disease caused by generalized resistance to 1,25(OH)(2)D(3). Less than 100 cases are reported in the literature. These patients provide an experiment by nature enabling us to understand the role of vitamin D, especially in light of the ongoing debate concerning normal vitamin D levels and the supplement dosage that should be recommended. This article summarizes the role of vitamin D in calcium absorption, rennin-angiotensin system (RAS), and cardiac state in HVDRR patients. RECENT FINDINGS: The precise spectrum of vitamin D activities can now be better evaluated by critical analysis of mouse models with targeted deletion of the gene encoding the vitamin D receptor (VDR). Of special interest is the unraveling of the role of VDR in calcium absorption and cardiac status in VDR-knockout mice. The facts that VDR-knockout mice up-regulate intestinal calcium absorption and skeletal mineralization independently of the VDR during pregnancy and lactation point to the existence of VDR-independent mechanisms that are involved in calcium absorption. The observation that mice with genetic disruption of the 1α-hydroxylase gene or of the VDR gene have an overstimulated RAS and consequently develop high blood pressure and cardiac hypertrophy raised concern about potential risks to the cardiovascular system in HVDRR patients. SUMMARY: The current review summarizes the new understanding of the effects of vitamin D on calcium absorption, the RAS, and heart hypertrophy derived from studying HVDRR patients from infancy to their mid-30s.
From Pre-Diabetes to Diabetes: Diagnosis, Treatments and Translational Research.; Diabetes, a silent killer, is one of the most widely prevalent conditions of the present time. According to the 2017 International Diabetes Federation (IDF) statistics, the global prevalence of diabetes among the age group of 20-79 years is 8.8%. In addition, 1 in every 2 persons is unaware of the condition. This unawareness and ignorance lead to further complications. Pre-diabetes is the preceding condition of diabetes, and in most of the cases, this ultimately leads to the development of diabetes. Diabetes can be classified into three types, namely type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of both pre-diabetes and diabetes is based on glucose criteria; the common modalities used are fasting plasma glucose (FPG) test and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A glucometer is commonly used by diabetic patients to measure blood glucose levels with fast and rather accurate measurements. A few of the more advanced and minimally invasive modalities include the glucose-sensing patch, SwEatch, eyeglass biosensor, breath analysis, etc. Despite a considerable amount of data being collected and analyzed regarding diabetes, the actual molecular mechanism of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is still unknown. Both genetic and epigenetic factors are associated with T2DM. The complications of diabetes can predominantly be classified into two categories: microvascular and macrovascular. Retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy are grouped under microvascular complications, whereas stroke, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral artery disease (PAD) belong to macrovascular complications. Unfortunately, until now, no complete cure for diabetes has been found. However, the treatment of pre-diabetes has shown significant success in preventing the further progression of diabetes. To prevent pre-diabetes from developing into T2DM, lifestyle intervention has been found to be very promising. Various aspects of diabetes, including the aforementioned topics, have been reviewed in this paper.
High-sensitivity C-reactive protein use in cardiovascular risk screening at 6 to 12 months postpartum following hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Patients with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy are more likely to have underlying cardiovascular risk factors and are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. These patients are more likely to be diagnosed with new-onset chronic hypertension and meet the criteria for metabolic syndrome postpartum. High-sensitivity C-reactive protein is a marker of general inflammation and may be used to identify increased risk for cardiovascular disease. OBJECTIVE: This collaborative data-sharing study between Yale University, United States (Yale Hearts Moms study) and Queen's University, Canada (Maternal Health Clinic) aimed to study the utility of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein in postpartum cardiovascular risk screening, as determined by 30-year risk (Framingham) and metabolic syndrome 6 to 12 months postpartum. STUDY DESIGN: Patients with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (n=478) or an uncomplicated, term pregnancy (n=90) had cardiovascular risk screening and risk scoring performed at 6 to 12 months postpartum. Patients were excluded if they had a multiple gestation or chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or cardiovascular disease diagnosed before pregnancy. Patients were categorized according to high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (mg/L) into Normal (<3.0), High (3.1 to <10.0), and Acute (≥10.0) groups. The primary outcome of the study was risk for future cardiovascular events, calculated through surrogate measures such as hypertension and cholesterol. Kruskal-Wallis and chi-square tests were used to compare groups, with post hoc tests corrected using the Bonferroni method. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the association between high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and cardiovascular risk, adjusting for relevant medical and sociodemographic variables. Analysis was completed with IBM SPSS Statistics, version 27. RESULTS: Patients in the High and Acute high-sensitivity C-reactive protein groups were more likely to have a body mass index ≥30, to have experienced a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, to have a lower household income, and to have not breastfed or to have breastfed for <6 months, when compared with the Normal high-sensitivity C-reactive protein group (all P<.05). Patients in the High and Acute high-sensitivity C-reactive protein groups had higher 30-year cardiovascular risk scores and were more likely to have metabolic syndrome when compared with the Normal high-sensitivity C-reactive protein group (all P<.05). Patients with High high-sensitivity C-reactive protein had 2-fold odds of metabolic syndrome 6 to 12 months after delivery, compared with those in the Normal high-sensitivity C-reactive protein group (adjusted odds ratio, 2.85 [95% confidence interval, 1.66-4.91]), adjusting for hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, body mass index, clinic site, breastfeeding, income, and family history of cardiovascular disease. Those with Acute high-sensitivity C-reactive protein also seemed to have elevated odds of metabolic syndrome compared with the Normal high-sensitivity C-reactive protein group (adjusted odds ratio, 2.52 [95% confidence interval, 1.24-5.12]). The odds of chronic hypertension were significantly higher (P<.05) in the High high-sensitivity C-reactive protein group (adjusted odds ratio, 1.72 [95% confidence interval, 1.12-2.65]) compared with the Normal group. CONCLUSION: Individuals with elevated postpartum high-sensitivity C-reactive protein are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease 6 to 12 months postpartum after a pregnancy complicated by a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Future research is critical to determine the most comprehensive and accurate method and timing of postpartum cardiovascular risk screening to decrease the incidence of preventable cardiovascular mortality among women.
Hypoglycaemia in the Newborn.; AIM: Severe neonatal hypoglycaemia (HG) leads to neurologic damage, mental retardation, epilepsy, impaired cardiac performance and muscle weakness. The aim was to assess the frequency and severity of HG in a population of newborns. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We investigated 739 patients with neonatal hypoglycaemia (HG) (M:F=370:369) born at the University Clinic for Gynaecology and Obstetritics in Skopje in the period 2014-2016 and treated at the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). 1416 babies were treated in the same period in NICU, and HG was observed in 52.18%. The birth weight was dominated by children with low birth weight: very low birth weight (VLBW)(<1500g) 253 children, (34,23%), low birth weight (1500-2500g) 402 (54.39%), appropriate for gestational age (AGA) 78(10.55%), and high birth weight (>4000g) 6 babies (0.81%). The gestational age was also dominated by children with low gestational age: gestational week (GW) 20-25 four children (0.54%), 26-30 GW 133 babies (17.99%), 31-35 GW472 (63.87%), and 36-40 GW130 neonates (17.59 %). 241 mothers (32.61%) have had an infection during pregnancy, 82 preeclampsia or eclampsia (11.09%), 20 diabetes mellitus (2.70%), 78 placental situations (placenta previa, abruption) (10.55%). In this study 47 babies (6.35%) with HG and co-morbidities died. There was a significant positive correlation between HG birth weight (p<0.01), gestational age (p<0.05), and the lowest Apgar score (p<0.01). Neonatal deaths were significantly correlated with GA (р>0,01), co-morbidities of the mothers (р>0,05) but not with the birth weight (р>0,05). In contrast, a significant positive correlation was found between convulsions and body weight (р<0.05). The lowest Apgar score was positively correlated with the gestational age (0.01), but not with the birth weight (0.05). CONCLUSION: Low birth weight, low gestational age, maternal risk factors, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy and neonatal infections are associated with HG and are a significant factor in overall neonatal mortality. Those results indicate that diminishing the frequency of the neonatal HG and the rates of neonatal mortality requires complex interaction of prenatal and postnatal interventions.
Prevalence of albuminuria and cardiovascular risk profile in a referred cohort of patients with type 2 diabetes: an Asian perspective.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria (MA) is a risk marker for diabetic nephropathy and cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD) in patients with diabetes. This study aimed to describe the prevalence of albuminuria, CV risk factors, and treatments for renal and CV protection in an Asian population with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: This cross-sectional study conducted in eight Asian countries enrolled normotensive/hypertensive adults with type 2 diabetes without known proteinuria and/or non-diabetic kidney disease. Exclusion criteria were type 1 diabetes, menstruation, pregnancy, and acute fever. A single random urinary albumin/creatinine test was carried out in all patients. RESULTS: Of 8,561 patients, 14% had diabetic retinopathy, and 17% and 21% had history of CV disease and smoking, respectively. Normoalbuminuria was seen in 44%, MA in 44%, and macroalbuminuria in 12%. Target glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) (<7%) was reached in only 37% of 3,834 patients with available values. Diabetes was managed by diet alone in 6%, while others received oral hypoglycemic drugs and/or insulin. In total, 75% did not reach target blood pressure (BP) of <or=130/80 mm Hg. Antihypertensive drugs were prescribed to 52%, with the number of drugs increasing as the level of systolic BP increased. Drugs blocking the renin-angiotensin system were most commonly prescribed, followed by calcium channel blockers. Lipid-lowering drugs and anticoagulant/antiplatelet agents were used in about 30% and 25% of patients, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Asian patients with type 2 diabetes had a high prevalence of MA and reduced kidney function. Furthermore, BP and HbA1c control was only achieved in a minority of patients. Aggressive risk management by administration of reno- and cardioprotective treatments is urgently needed.
Effect of Hyperglycemia on Gene Expression during Early Organogenesis in Mice.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular and neural malformations are common sequels of diabetic pregnancies, but the underlying molecular mechanisms remain unknown. We hypothesized that maternal hyperglycemia would affect the embryos most shortly after the glucose-sensitive time window at embryonic day (ED) 7.5 in mice. METHODS: Mice were made diabetic with streptozotocin, treated with slow-release insulin implants and mated. Pregnancy aggravated hyperglycemia. Gene expression profiles were determined in ED8.5 and ED9.5 embryos from diabetic and control mice using Serial Analysis of Gene Expression and deep sequencing. RESULTS: Maternal hyperglycemia induced differential regulation of 1,024 and 2,148 unique functional genes on ED8.5 and ED9.5, respectively, mostly in downward direction. Pathway analysis showed that ED8.5 embryos suffered mainly from impaired cell proliferation, and ED9.5 embryos from impaired cytoskeletal remodeling and oxidative phosphorylation (all P ≤ E-5). A query of the Mouse Genome Database showed that 20-25% of the differentially expressed genes were caused by cardiovascular and/or neural malformations, if deficient. Despite high glucose levels in embryos with maternal hyperglycemia and a ~150-fold higher rate of ATP production from glycolysis than from oxidative phosphorylation on ED9.5, ATP production from both glycolysis and oxidative phosphorylation was reduced to ~70% of controls, implying a shortage of energy production in hyperglycemic embryos. CONCLUSION: Maternal hyperglycemia suppressed cell proliferation during gastrulation and cytoskeletal remodeling during early organogenesis. 20-25% of the genes that were differentially regulated by hyperglycemia were associated with relevant congenital malformations. Unexpectedly, maternal hyperglycemia also endangered the energy supply of the embryo by suppressing its glycolytic capacity.
A safety evaluation of current medications for adult women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome not pursuing pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a very prevalent disorder in premenopausal women. Cardiovascular risk factors cluster in these patients, raising concern about the safety of the drugs commonly used to ameliorate symptoms of androgen excess in in this population at risk of cardiovascular morbidity. AREAS COVERED: This review summarizes the clinical efficacy and safety profiles of drugs commonly used for the management of hyperandrogenic symptoms and endometrial protection in adult women with PCOS who do not seek pregnancy. EXPERT OPINION: Antiandrogenic drugs usually used in adult women with PCOS carry a low risk of severe side effects. In spite of the cardiovascular risk profile of women with PCOS, and that individualized risk assessment is of paramount importance, there is no solid evidence supporting that the use of combined oral contraceptives in these women increases the risk of cardiovascular or thromboembolic events compared with the general population. However, virtually all these drugs are used in an off-label fashion. Large, high-quality studies addressing the long-term safety of pharmacological treatments in women with PCOS are definitely needed.
Acute appendicitis and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a nationwide population-based study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: Acute appendicitis is the most common non-obstetric surgical procedure in pregnant women. Using two large-scale nationwide population-based datasets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between mothers with and without appendicitis in Taiwan. METHODS: This study used two nationwide population-based datasets: the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset and the Taiwan national birth certificate registry. This study included 908 women who had live singleton births and who had been hospitalized with a diagnosis of acute appendicitis, and another randomly selected 4,540 women as a comparison group. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed to calculate the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes including low birth weight (LBW), preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), cesarean section (CS), congenital anomalies, Apgar scores at 5 min (<7), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. RESULTS: The adjusted odds ratios for LBW, preterm birth, SGA, CS, and congenital anomalies in women with acute appendicitis were 1.82 (95 % CI = 1.43-2.30), 1.59 (95 % CI = 1.25-2.02), 1.33 (95 % CI = 1.12-1.60), 1.24 (95 % CI = 1.07-1.44), and 2.07 (95 % CI = 1.07-4.03), respectively, compared with women without acute appendicitis after adjusting for highest maternal educational level, marital status, geographic region, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, coronary heart disease, anemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and alcohol abuse/alcohol dependence syndrome, infant sex and parity, and paternal age. CONCLUSIONS: There were increased risks for having LBW, preterm infants, SGA, congenital anomalies, and for experiencing CS among women with acute appendicitis than comparison women.
Pulseless electrical activity during caesarean delivery under spinal anaesthesia: a case report of severe anaphylactic reaction to Syntocinon.; Anaphylactoid reaction to Syntocinon is rare, but has been described in the literature. The reactions described include patchy erythema, hypotension, bronchospasm and oxygen desaturation, but pulseless electrical activity following Syntocinon has not been reported. We present the case of a 34-year-old primigravida with essential hypertension, gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism with a twin pregnancy following in vitro fertilization. During elective caesarean delivery she developed a severe anaphylactic reaction to Syntocinon leading to pulseless electrical activity.
IVF/ICSI in a woman with active acromegaly: successful outcome following treatment with pegvisomant.; A 29 year old woman with difficult to control acromegaly and a pituitary macroadenoma responded to pegvisomant therapy and subsequently conceived with her first cycle of in-vitro fertilization and intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection. Pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes, pituitary gland enlargement and deteriorating visual fields. Conservative management with elective cesarean section was performed at 32 weeks gestation. A healthy boy was delivered who remains developmentally normal at 1 year. This complex case required intricate care by a multi-disciplinary team and is likely to represent the first in many cases of assisted conception on pegvisomant therapy for active acromegaly.
[Obstetric medicine : the success of a transdisciplinary approach to the maternal health].; Obstetric medicine is a specialty that addresses maternal health and medical complications during pregnancy. This emerging specialty responds to the increasing need for specialized intervention in cases of high risk pregnancies, at a time when pregnancies can occur at more advanced ages and where advances in therapeutics now allow to consider pregnancy in mothers with chronic illness. Furthermore, medical conditions specific to pregnancy, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes, are now recognized as emerging risk factors for cardiovascular, metabolic and renal diseases, for which longitudinal care beyond the maternity ward is of critical importance.
Long-term effect of maternal obesity on pancreatic beta cells of offspring: reduced beta cell adaptation to high glucose and high-fat diet challenges in adult female mouse offspring.; AIM/HYPOTHESIS: Obesity is a global problem with high risks of cardiovascular diseases, stroke and type 2 diabetes. It is well known that maternal obesity affects offspring by inducing malformation, functional abnormalities in many organs and cells, and by increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about abnormalities induced by maternal obesity in pancreatic beta cells of offspring. METHODS: We used mouse mothers with the Agouti yellow modification on a C57BL/6 background as a maternal model of normoglycaemic obesity, and produced Agouti-negative offspring. Half of the offspring were fed a high-fat diet. Offspring glucose tolerance was tested at different ages, and animals were killed at 50 weeks of age for islet function analysis. RESULTS: Maternal obesity impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring fed a high-fat diet, and significantly reduced insulin secretion at 50 weeks of age in female offspring that had been fed a normal diet and high-fat diet. Insulin secretion and glucose potentiation from these islets were significantly reduced. Islet protein, DNA and insulin contents were increased while glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and transketolase activities were reduced in female offspring. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Our results indicate that maternal obesity has a long-term effect on the beta cells of female, but not of male, offspring, and leads to increased risk of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the offspring's later lives.
Twin Chorionicity and the Risk of Hypertensive Disorders: Gestational Hypertension and Pre-eclampsia.; Twin gestation is known to be a risk factor for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. However, the relationship between hypertensive disorders (pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational hypertension (GH)) and chorionicity of twin pregnancy is unclear, and published data is conflicting. We decided to analyze the relationship between placentation and prevalence of hypertensive disorders. It was a retrospective cohort study. 312 twin pregnancies delivered between 2009 and 2014 were analyzed, 79 of which were monochorionic and 233 dichorionic. The occurrence of PE and GH was established according to American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists' (ACOG) guidelines. Hypertensive disorders were diagnosed significantly more often in dichorionic than in monochorionic twin pregnancies (19.7% vs. 8.9%; OR = 2.53 95% CI 1.04-6.45; p = .03). PE occurred more frequently in DCP (13.3% vs. 3.8%; OR = 3.88 95% CI 1.09-16.46; p = .02). There were no differences between those two groups in the prevalence of GH (6.4% vs. 5.1%; p = .79). The logistic regression model for the occurrence of PE included chorionicity, mother's age lower than 18 or higher than 40, pre-gestational obesity, in vitro fertilization, primiparity, gestational age at delivery, gestational diabetes, and active smoking. It showed that dichorionicity remained an independent risk factor for PE (adjusted OR = 4.97.0 95% CI 1.06-23.38; p = .04). Dichorionicity seems to be a risk factor for PE but not for GH development.
Etiology and outcome of fetuses with functional heart disease.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to assess the etiology and outcome of fetuses with functional heart disease as detected by echocardiography. METHODS: In total, 51 fetuses (median gestation age of 28.6 weeks) were included. The inclusion criteria were hydrops (n = 14), pericardial effusion (PE; n = 9), tricuspid valve regurgitation (TR; n = 8), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM; n = 7) and dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM; n = 7). Antenatal management was performed for 17 of 51 fetuses (33%): two abortions, nine digoxin administrations, three thoracocenteses, one pericardial puncture, one blood transfusion and one ascites centesis. RESULTS: The etiology of functional heart disease was twin pregnancy in 18, fetal lung lesions in five, maternal diabetes in five, fetal anemia in four, extracardiac or chromosomal abnormalities in three, infection in three, teratoma or arteriovenous malformation in four, indomethacin administration in two, endocardial fibroelastosis in two, maternal anaphylaxia in one, idiopathic arterial calcification of infancy (IACI) in one, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) in one, and unknown in two fetuses. There was no significant difference between fetuses with and without treatment (53% vs. 79%; p = 0.06). There were two stillbirths and 12 postnatal deaths (29%). Among 35 surviving infants, 85% were free of symptoms in the follow-up (mean 3.9 years). CONCLUSIONS: These findings indicate that a functional heart disease in utero is associated with very varying etiology and high mortality. Improved understanding of the hemodynamic findings may lead to treatment that is more successful.
Elevated pregnancy-associated plasma protein-a in sera from type 2 diabetic patients with hypercholesterolemia: associations with carotid atherosclerosis and toe-brachial index.; Pregnancy-associated plasma protein (PAPP)-A, a superfamily of metalloproteinase, has been implicated in acute coronary syndrome. We compared PAPP-A concentrations in sera from patients with type 2 diabetes with those in sera from age-matched control subjects and also investigated whether serum PAPP-A was associated with carotid intima-media wall thickness (IMT), an early marker of atherosclerosis, and indices of peripheral vascular disease in the diabetic patients. Serum PAPP-A was measured by an ELISA in 103 type 2 diabetic patients and 32 age-matched control subjects. All subjects were not pregnant. IMT was evaluated ultrasonographically in both common carotid arteries. As measures of peripheral vascular disease, we also determined the ankle-brachial index and toe-brachial index (TBI) for systolic blood pressure. Hypercholesterolemia was defined as a serum low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol concentration exceeding 3.6 mmol/liter or alternatively as a treatment with hydroxymethylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor. Serum PAPP-A was significantly higher in diabetic patients than control subjects (P < 0.0001). In diabetic patients, serum PAPP-A correlated positively with serum total cholesterol (r = 0.289, P = 0.0041) and IMT (r = 0.315, P = 0.0017) and negatively with TBI (r = -0.294, P = 0.0039) but not ankle-brachial index. Diabetic patients with hypercholesterolemia had higher PAPP-A concentrations than those without hypercholesterolemia [median (interquartile ranges): 8.37 (6.93, 11.6) vs. 7.29 (5.65, 9.21) mIU/liter; P = 0.0209]. Multivariate analysis identified only serum total cholesterol as an independent determinant of serum PAPP-A in patients with type 2 diabetes (partial coefficient 0.454, P = 0.020). In conclusion, serum PAPP-A concentrations were significantly elevated in diabetic patients with hypercholesterolemia and were associated positively with carotid atherosclerosis and negatively with TBI in type 2 diabetes.
High glucose condition limited the angiogenic/cardiogenic capacity of murine cardiac progenitor cells in in vitro and in vivo milieu.; Murine c-kit(+) cardiac cells were isolated and enriched by magnetic activated cell sorting technique. c-kit(+) cells viability and colony-forming activity were evaluated by MTT and clonogenic assay. c-kit(+) cells were exposed to endothelial, pericyte, and cardiomyocyte induction media containing 30mM glucose for 7 days. We monitored the level of endothelial (VE-cadherin, CD31, and vWF), pericyte (NG(2) , α-SMA, and PDGFR-β), and cardiomyocyte markers (cTnT) using flow cytometry, real-time Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), and Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) analyses. Ultrastructural changes were studied by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) in cells treated with 5-Azacytidine and 30mM glucose. Matrigel plug assay was performed to determine the angio/cardiogenic property of c-kit(+) cells in a diabetic mouse model. Glucose of 30mM decreased c-kit(+) cells viability and clonogenicity (P < 0.05). The transdifferentiation capacity of c-kit(+) cells into the endothelial lineage, pericytes, and cardiomyocytes were reduced through the inhibition of related genes (P < 0.05). TEM analysis revealed cardiomyocyte differentiation rate in c-kit(+) cells coincided with an increased intracellular lipid accumulation and reduced number of mitochondria. Similar to in vitro condition, the angiogenic capacity of c-kit(+) cells was aborted in vivo indicated by reduced NG(2) , α-SMA, CD31, and vWF levels. High glucose condition reduces the angio/cardiogenic capacity of cardiac c-kit(+) cells in vitro and in vivo. SIGNIFICANCE OF THE STUDY: High glucose condition seen in diabetes mellitus could affect the regenerative potential of cardiac tissue. The current experiment showed that the exposure of murine cardiac progenitor cells (CD117(+) cells) to condition containing 30mM glucose could decrease the differentiation properties into endothelial cells, pericytes, and mature cardiomyocytes in vitro and in vivo. Our finding confirmed that the angiogenic/cardiogenic potential cardiac progenitor cells decrease under treatment with high glucose content as seen in the diabetic condition.
C-reactive protein and the insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-system in relation to risk of cardiovascular disease in different ethnic groups.; Inflammatory processes, marked in part by the acute phase reactant C-reactive protein (CRP) and insulin resistance are implicated in atherogenesis. Low insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) and IGF binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) concentrations are closely associated with insulin resistance. We examined CRP in ethnic groups with differing risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and its relationship with insulin sensitivity (Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA)-S) and the IGF system. European (n=155), Pakistani (n=108) and African-Caribbean (African Caribbean) (n=177) origin participants were randomly sampled from population registers. All underwent basic anthropometry, glucose tolerance testing and measurement of insulin sensitivity, CRP and other metabolic variables. CRP was significantly lower in African Caribbean men and women than in other ethnic groups. Across all groups CRP correlated negatively with (HOMA-S) (rho=-0.29, P<0.001). Regression analysis which included ethnicity and body mass index (BMI) showed that low HOMA-S (beta=-0.17, P<0.001) and low IGFBP-1 (beta=-0.14, P<0.001) were independently and inversely associated with CRP, but the effect was modified by obesity. In obese subjects insulin sensitivity was not associated with CRP. However, for the whole population, a 2.7 mg/l increase in CRP was associated with a 50% (95% confidence interval (CI) 10-210%) greater risk of WHO defined metabolic syndrome, independent of IGF-I (odds ratio (OR) 0.46 (95% CI 0.22-0.96)), IGFBP-1 (OR 0.58 (0.44-0.76)), female sex (OR 0.43 (0.22-0.84)), NEFA (OR 1.06 (1.03-1.09)) and Pakistani ethnicity. High CRP (as a measure of chronic subclinical inflammation), low IGF-I and low IGFBP-1 are independently associated with the presence of the metabolic syndrome and with insulin resistance. In obese subjects insulin sensitivity is not associated with changes in CRP whilst in non-obese subjects CRP independently contributes to variation in HOMA-S.
Maternal and Child Health, Non-Communicable Diseases and Metabolites.; Mothers influence the health and disease trajectories of their children, particularly during the critical developmental windows of fetal and neonatal life reflecting the gestational-fetal and lactational-neonatal phases. As children grow and develop, they are exposed to various stimuli and insults, such as metabolites, that shape their physiology and metabolism to impact their health. Non-communicable diseases, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer and mental illness, have high global prevalence and are increasing in incidence. Non-communicable diseases often overlap with maternal and child health. The maternal milieu shapes progeny outcomes, and some diseases, such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, have gestational origins. Metabolite aberrations occur from diets and physiological changes. Differential metabolite profiles can predict the onset of non-communicable diseases and therefore inform prevention and/or better treatment. In mothers and children, understanding the metabolite influence on health and disease can provide insights for maintaining maternal physiology and sustaining optimal progeny health over the life course. The role and interplay of metabolites on physiological systems and signaling pathways in shaping health and disease present opportunities for biomarker discovery and identifying novel therapeutic agents, particularly in the context of maternal and child health, and non-communicable diseases.
Epigenetics and cardiovascular risk in childhood.; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) can arise at the early stages of development and growth. Genetic and environmental factors may interact resulting in epigenetic modifications with abnormal phenotypic expression of genetic information without any change in the nucleotide sequence of DNA. Maternal dietary imbalance, inadequate to meet the nutritional needs of the fetus can lead to intrauterine growth retardation, decreased gestational age, low birth weight, excessive post-natal growth and metabolic alterations, with subsequent appearance of CVD risk factors. Fetal exposure to high cholesterol, diabetes and maternal obesity is associated with increased risk and progression of atherosclerosis. Maternal smoking during pregnancy and exposure to various environmental pollutants induce epigenetic alterations of gene expression relevant to the onset or progression of CVD. In children with hypercholesterolemia and/or obesity, oxidative stress activates platelets and monocytes, which release proinflammatory and proatherogenic substances, inducing endothelial dysfunction, decreased Doppler flow-mediated dilation and increased carotid intima-media thickness. Primary prevention of atherosclerosis should be implemented early. It is necessary to identify, through screening, high-risk apparently healthy children and take care of them enforcing healthy lifestyle (mainly consisting of Mediterranean diet and physical activity), prescribing nutraceuticals and eventual medications, if required by a high-risk profile. The key issue is the restoration of endothelial function in the reversible stage of atherosclerosis. Epigenetics may provide new markers for an early identification of children at risk and thereby develop innovative therapies and specific nutritional interventions in critical times.
Proinflammatory cytokines in periodontal diseases and certain systemic disorders.; Recent decades have brought significant progress in understanding the role of cytokines in many aspects of the development of periodontal disease associated with systemic disorders and increased risk of oral cancer. A thorough search of articles was carried out on the databases PubMed on the association of periodontal disease and obstetric pathologies, systemic diseases and cancer. Refs cited are examples of support already common idea that periodontal disease may affect the initiation and/or development of serious pathological conditions. Drawn from the literature review findings confirm that chronic untreated periodontal inflammatory processes have their own important part in promoting systemic diseases and also are associated with an increased risk of developing cancer diseases.
Precocious evaluation of cardiovascular risk and its correlation with perinatal condition.; The cardiovascular disease is the main cause of worldwide death. This profile is potentialized by the increased severity of infections in people with obesity, type 2 diabetes and hypertension. Children and adolescents are target groups for the prevention of non-communicable diseases. The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease concept points that perinatal conditions are an important risk factor to development of non-communicable disease in adulthood. In this context, the present review identifies perinatal factor that induces precocious cardiovascular risk factors, related with cardiometabolic syndrome. The low or high birth weight and caesarean delivery are risk factors that induce increased occurrence of cardiovascular risk biomarkers in children and adolescents, while the breast feeding or feeding with breast milk from the birth until two years-old is a protector strategy. Evaluation of perinatal conditions associated with precocious identification of cardiovascular risk factors in children and adolescents is an efficient strategy to prevent and control cardiovascular mortality; through interventions, as lifestyle changes during vulnerable windows of development, able to set up the risk to cardiometabolic disease.
Associations between maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy and offspring growth and cardiometabolic risk outcomes in infancy and childhood.; It was previously observed that maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy was associated with increased offspring size and adiposity at birth, possibly mediated through increased risk of gestational diabetes. In this study we investigated potential long-term associations of maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy with offspring growth in infancy, and growth and cardiometabolic risk factors in mid-childhood to seek evidence of nutritional programming. Using a nested case-control format, markers of growth and adiposity were measured at 3, 12 and 24 months of age in 341 infants from the Cambridge Baby Growth Study whose mothers supplemented with iron in pregnancy and 222 infants whose mothers did not. Measures of growth, glucose tolerance (using a 30 minute 1.75 g glucose/kg body weight oral glucose tolerance test), insulin sensitivity (HOMA IR) and blood pressure were collected in 122 and 79 of these children, respectively, at around 9.5 years of age. In infancy adiposity-promoting associations with maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy were evident at 3 months of age (e.g. mean difference in skinfold thickness: β = +0.15 mm, p = 0.02, in n = 341 whose mothers supplemented versus 222 that did not; waist circumference: β = +0.7 cm, p = 0.04, in n = 159 and 78, respectively) but differences lessened after this time (e.g. 3-12 month change in mean difference in skinfold thickness: β = -0.2 mm, p = 0.03, in n = 272 and 178, respectively). At ~9.5 years of age children whose mothers supplemented with iron in pregnancy had lower mean arterial blood pressures (β = -1.0 mmHg, p = 0.03, in n = 119 and 78, respectively). There were no apparent differences in markers of growth or other cardiometabolic factors. These results suggest that most of the associations of maternal iron supplementation in pregnancy on growth and adiposity evident at birth disappear during infancy, but there may be some evidence of long-term nutritional programming of blood pressure in mid-childhood.
Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Health Implications of Dietary Fiber.; It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that the public should consume adequate amounts of dietary fiber from a variety of plant foods. Dietary fiber is defined by the Institute of Medicine Food Nutrition Board as "nondigestible carbohydrates and lignin that are intrinsic and intact in plants." Populations that consume more dietary fiber have less chronic disease. Higher intakes of dietary fiber reduce the risk of developing several chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and some cancers, and have been associated with lower body weights. The Adequate Intake for fiber is 14 g total fiber per 1,000 kcal, or 25 g for adult women and 38 g for adult men, based on research demonstrating protection against coronary heart disease. Properties of dietary fiber, such as fermentability and viscosity, are thought to be important parameters influencing the risk of disease. Plant components associated with dietary fiber may also contribute to reduced disease risk. The mean intake of dietary fiber in the United States is 17 g/day with only 5% of the population meeting the Adequate Intake. Healthy adults and children can achieve adequate dietary fiber intakes by increasing their intake of plant foods while concurrently decreasing energy from foods high in added sugar and fat, and low in fiber. Dietary messages to increase consumption of whole grains, legumes, vegetables, fruits, and nuts should be broadly supported by food and nutrition practitioners.
Increased Incidence but Lack of Association Between Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Adults Born Preterm.; Preterm birth incurs an increased risk of early cardiovascular events and death. In the general population, cardiovascular risk factors cluster in the context of inflammation and oxidative stress. Whether this also occurs in young adults born preterm is unknown. We analyzed 101 healthy young adults (ages 18-29) born preterm (≤29 weeks of gestation) and 105 full-term controls, predominantly (90%) white. They underwent a comprehensive clinical and biological evaluation, including measurement of blood pressure, lung function (spirometry), glucose metabolism (fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and oral glucose tolerance test), as well as biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress. Individuals born preterm were at higher risk than those born full-term of stage ≥1 hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 2.91 [95% CI, 1.51-5.75]), glucose intolerance (adjusted odds ratio, 2.22 [95% CI, 1.13-4.48]), and airflow limitation (adjusted odds ratio, 3.47 [95% CI, 1.76-7.12]). Hypertension was strongly associated with adiposity and with glucose intolerance in participants born full-term but not in those born preterm. We did not find any group difference in levels of biomarkers of inflammation and oxidative stress. In individuals born preterm, inflammation, and oxidative stress were not related to hypertension or glucose intolerance but were associated with adiposity. In those born preterm, cardiovascular risk factors were not related to each other suggesting different pathophysiological pathways leading to the development of cardiovascular risk following preterm birth. Clinicians should consider screening for these abnormalities irrespectively of other risk factors in this at-risk population. Clinical Trial Registration URL: http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT03261609.
Adiposity in children born small for gestational age.; Epidemiological studies indicate that children born small for gestational age (SGA) have an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders as adults. This suggests that foetal undernutrition leads to permanent metabolic alterations, which predispose to metabolic abnormalities upon exposure to environmental factors such as low physical activity and/or high-energy intake in later life (thrifty phenotype hypothesis). However, this relationship is not restricted to foetal undernutrition or intrauterine growth retardation, but is also found for children born premature, or for high birth weight children. Furthermore, early post-natal nutrition, and more specifically catch-up growth, appear to modulate cardiovascular risk as well. Intrauterine growth retardation can be induced in animal models by energy/protein restriction, or ligation of uterine arteries. In such models, altered glucose homeostasis, including low beta-cell mass, low insulin secretion and insulin resistance is observed after a few weeks of age. In humans, several studies have confirmed that children born SGA have insulin resistance as adolescents and young adults. Alterations of glucose homeostasis and increased lipid oxidation can indeed be observed already in non-diabetic children born SGA at early pubertal stages. These children also have alterations of stature and changes in body composition (increased fat mass), which may contribute to the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. Permanent metabolic changes induced by foetal/early neonatal nutrition (metabolic inprinting) may involve modulation of gene expression through DNA methylation, or alterations of organ structure. It is also possible that events occurring during foetal/neonatal development lead to long-lasting alterations of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis or the hypothalamo-pituitary-insulin-like growth factor-1 axis.
Comorbidity Status and Annual Total Medical Expenditures in U.S. Hypertensive Adults.; INTRODUCTION: The purpose of this study is to investigate comorbidity status and its impact on total medical expenditures in non-institutionalized hypertensive adults in the U.S. METHODS: Data from the 2011-2014 Medical Expenditure Panel Survey were used. Patients were included if they had a diagnosis code for hypertension, were aged ≥18 years, and were not pregnant during the study period (N=26,049). The Elixhauser Comorbidity Index was modified to add hypertension-related comorbidities. The outcome variable was annual total medical expenditures, and a generalized linear model regression (gamma distribution with a log link function) was used. All costs were adjusted to 2014 U.S. dollars. RESULTS: Based on the modified Elixhauser Comorbidity Index, 14.0% of patients did not have any comorbidities, 23.0% had one, 24.4% had two, and 38.7% had three or more. The five most frequent comorbidities were hyperlipidemia, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, depression, and chronic pulmonary disease. Estimated mean annual total medical expenditures were $3,914 (95% CI=$3,456, $4,372) for those without any comorbidity; $5,798 (95% CI=$5,384, $6,213) for those with one comorbidity; $8,333 (95% CI=$7,821, $8,844) for those with two comorbidities; and $13,920 (95% CI=$13,166, $14,674) for those with three or more comorbidities. Of the 15 most frequent comorbidities, the condition with the largest impact on expenditures for an individual person was congestive heart failure ($7,380). Hypertensive adults with stroke, coronary heart disease, diabetes, renal diseases, and hyperlipidemia had expenditures that were $6,069, $6,046, $5,039, $4,974, and $4,851 higher, respectively, than those without these conditions. CONCLUSIONS: Comorbidities are highly prevalent among hypertensive adults, and this study shows that each comorbidity significantly increases annual total medical expenditures.
Pre-eclampsia and Cardiovascular Disease: From Pregnancy to Postpartum.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) complicate approximately 10% of pregnancies. In addition to multiorgan manifestations related to endothelial dysfunction, HDP confers an increased risk of cardiovascular disease during delivery hospitalisation, such as heart failure, pulmonary oedema, acute MI and cerebrovascular events. However, the cardiovascular legacy of HDP extends beyond birth since these women are significantly more likely to develop cardiovascular risk factors in the immediate postnatal period and major cardiovascular disease in the long term. The main mediator of cardiovascular disease in women with a history of HDP is chronic hypertension, followed by obesity, hypercholesterolaemia and diabetes. Therefore, optimising blood pressure levels from the immediate postpartum period until the first months postnatally could have beneficial effects on the development of hypertension and improve long-term cardiovascular health. Peripartum screening based on maternal demographic, and clinical and echocardiographic data could help clinicians identify women with HDP at highest risk of developing postpartum hypertension who would benefit from targeted primary cardiovascular prevention.
Application of Artificial Intelligence in Early Diagnosis of Spontaneous Preterm Labor and Birth.; This study reviews the current status and future prospective of knowledge on the use of artificial intelligence for the prediction of spontaneous preterm labor and birth ("preterm birth" hereafter). The summary of review suggests that different machine learning approaches would be optimal for different types of data regarding the prediction of preterm birth: the artificial neural network, logistic regression and/or the random forest for numeric data; the support vector machine for electrohysterogram data; the recurrent neural network for text data; and the convolutional neural network for image data. The ranges of performance measures were 0.79-0.94 for accuracy, 0.22-0.97 for sensitivity, 0.86-1.00 for specificity, and 0.54-0.83 for the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve. The following maternal variables were reported to be major determinants of preterm birth: delivery and pregestational body mass index, age, parity, predelivery systolic and diastolic blood pressure, twins, below high school graduation, infant sex, prior preterm birth, progesterone medication history, upper gastrointestinal tract symptom, gastroesophageal reflux disease, Helicobacter pylori, urban region, calcium channel blocker medication history, gestational diabetes mellitus, prior cone biopsy, cervical length, myomas and adenomyosis, insurance, marriage, religion, systemic lupus erythematosus, hydroxychloroquine sulfate, and increased cerebrospinal fluid and reduced cortical folding due to impaired brain growth.
Is preeclampsia itself a risk factor for the development of metabolic syndrome after delivery?; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine the association between preeclampsia and the postpartum development of metabolic syndrome based on the pre-pregnancy status. METHODS: Korean women who delivered their first child between January 1, 2011, and December 31, 2012, were enrolled. All subjects underwent a national health screening examination conducted by the National Health Insurance Corporation 1 or 2 years prior to their first delivery and within 2 years after their first delivery. RESULTS: Among the 49,065 participants, preeclampsia developed in 3,391 participants (6.9%). The prevalence of metabolic syndrome was higher postpartum in women with preeclampsia than in those without preeclampsia (4.9% vs. 2.7%, respectively, P<0.001). Through the pre-pregnancy to postpartum period, women with preeclampsia had a greater increase in gestational weight retention, body mass index, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, and triglyceride levels and a greater decrease in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels than women without preeclampsia. Preeclampsia was associated with an increased risk of the postpartum development of metabolic syndrome in women without pre-pregnancy metabolic syndrome (odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-1.56). However, preeclampsia was not associated with postpartum metabolic syndrome in women with pre-pregnancy metabolic syndrome or 2 components of metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: In this study, preeclampsia was associated with the postpartum development of metabolic syndrome in women without pre-pregnancy metabolic syndrome. However, the effects were attenuated by predisposing risk factors in the pre-pregnancy period.
Investigation of cardiovascular risk parameters in adolescents with metabolic syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome leading to type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases is a chronic multifactorial syndrome, associated with low-grade inflammation status. In our study, we aimed at assessing the serum levels of follistatin (FST), pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A), and platelet/endothelial cell adhesion molecule-1 (PECAM-1) in adolescent patients with metabolic syndrome. METHODS: This study was performed in 43 (19 males, 24 females) metabolic syndrome adolescents and 37 lean controls matched for age and sex. The serum levels of FST, PECAM-1, and PAPP-A were measured by using ELISA method. RESULTS: Serum FST and PAPP-A levels in metabolic syndrome were significantly higher than those of controls (p < 0.005 and p < 0.05). However, there was no difference in serum PECAM-1 levels between metabolic syndrome and control groups (p = 0.927). There was a significant positive correlation between serum FST and triglyceride (r = 0.252; p < 0.05), and PAPP-A and weight, (r = 0.252; p < 0.05) in metabolic syndrome groups. Follistatin was determined statistically significant in both univariate (p = 0,008) and multivariate (p = 0,011) logistic regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicated a significant relationship between FST and PAPP-A levels and metabolic syndrome. These findings offer the possibility of using these markers in diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in adolescents as the prevention of the future complications.
Nutrition and reproduction in women.; Malnutrition is a major problem in developing countries, and obesity and eating disorders are increasingly common in developing as well as developed countries. The reproductive axis is closely linked to nutritional status, especially undernutrition in the female, and inhibitory pathways involving detectors in the hind brain suppress ovulation in subjects with weight loss. Recovery may occur after minimal reacquisition of weight because energy balance is more important than body fat mass. Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa affect up to 5% of women of reproductive age causing amenorrhoea, infertility and, in those who do conceive, an increased likelihood of miscarriage. Obesity can affect reproduction through fat cell metabolism, steroids and secretion of proteins such as leptin and adiponectin and through changes induced at the level of important homeostatic factors such as pancreatic secretion of insulin, androgen synthesis by the ovary and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) production by the liver. WHO estimates that 9 to 25% of women in developed countries are severely obese, and obese mothers are much more likely to have obese children, especially if they have gestational diabetes. Obesity-associated anovulation may lead to infertility and to a higher risk of miscarriage. Management of anovulation with obesity involves diet and exercise as well as standard approaches to ovulation induction. Many obese women conceive without assistance, but pregnancies in obese women have increased rates of pregnancy-associated hypertension, gestational diabetes, large babies, Cesarean section and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Among contraceptors, the fear of weight gain affects uptake and continuation of hormonal contraceptives, although existing trials indicate that any such effects are small. For all methods of hormonal contraception, weight above 70 kg is associated with increased failure rates.
Lipids and cardiovascular disease: do the findings and therapy apply equally to men and women?; Dyslipoproteinemia is prevalent in women as well as in men. In both, its consequences--premature atherosclerosis and CAD morbidity and mortality--are more common. Although clinical evidence of the benefits of cholesterol lowering is less abundant in women, it is not entirely absent. As in men, cholesterol lowering in women is associated with a decline in CAD risk and with regression of coronary atherosclerosis. Lipoprotein risk factors have some special characteristics in women. Low-density lipoprotein cholesterol may be a less important risk factor in women, perhaps because estrogen protects the arterial wall against LDL deposition. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol is a better predictor of risk in women than in men. Triglycerides are an independent predictor of CAD risk in postmenopausal women. The effects of endogenous gonadal hormones in life-cycle changes in women is evident. As girls pass through puberty, HDL-C levels do not fall as they do in boys of the same age. In pregnancy, LDL-C, HDL-C, and triglyceride levels all rise. However, LDL-C stays elevated until well after delivery, whereas triglycerides fall to baseline at about the time of delivery, and HDL-C levels begin to fall at about 24 weeks. Interestingly, this fall in HDL-C is not accompanied by a fall in apoA-I levels, implying a change in HDL composition during the latter portion of pregnancy. After menopause, LDL-C levels rise sharply, whereas HDL-C levels decline modestly. Again, this decline in HDL-C is accompanied by a rise in apoA-I levels, implying a change in HDL composition. Diet, weight loss, and exercise are less effective in altering lipoprotein levels in women than in men. The reasons for this are not clear, although it is reasonable to speculate that endogenous gonadal hormones play a role. Genetic dyslipoproteinemia occurs in women, although the effect on CAD rates may be mitigated by the generally higher levels of HDL-C enjoyed by women. Exogenous hormones in the form of OCs and postmenopausal HRT affect circulating lipoprotein levels according to their composition. Generally, estrogens have favorable effects, raising HDL-C and lowering LDL-C levels. Progestins are either neutral or oppose estrogen effects, depending on their dose and androgenicity. Use of modern OCs probably does not adversely affect CAD risk except in combination with cigarette smoking. However, HRT has a strong favorable effect on CAD risk when unopposed estrogen is used, probably due to increases in HDL-C levels.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
[Coffee can protect against disease].; A moderate daily intake of 3-4 cups of coffee has convincing protective effects against development of type 2 diabetes and Parkinson's disease. The literature also indicates that moderate coffee intake reduces the risk of stroke, the overall risk of cancer, Alzheimer's disease, suicide and depression. However, pregnant women, people suffering from anxiety disorder and persons with a low calcium intake should restrain from moderate or high intake of coffee due to uncertainty regarding potential negative effects on pregnancy, anxiety and risk of osteoporosis, respectively.
[Medical disorders which interfere with pregnancy].; During pregnancy, the future mother can develop several different diseases. Most of them have a benign prognosis. Cyanotic heart disease, at least when it is accompanied by significant pulmonary hypertension or induces a functional class IV represents a contra-indication to pregnancy. Pregnancy cardiomyopathy generally carries a poor prognosis and may be responsible for the mother's death. Herpes virus pneumopathy can also be extremely dangerous. Lupus erythematosus represents a factor of guarded prognosis for the outcome of pregnancy; discontinuation of the latter should be seriously considered. Hepatic steatosis which is a rare diagnosis must be distinguished from Hellp syndrome in which the maternal prognosis is much better. In this review, we shall briefly discuss various medical diseases which may have a deleterious influence on the evolution of pregnancy or on the foetus. These deleterious influences can be direct, i.e. due to the disease, or indirect, i.e. due to the therapy. We shall successively consider several neurological, cardiological, pulmonary, dermatological and digestive diseases. We shall not take into account viral infections or infections in general, diabetes mellitus or the various vasculo-renal syndromes.
Diet and exercise interventions among overweight and obese lactating women: randomized trial of effects on cardiovascular risk factors.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of Diet (D) and Exercise (E) interventions on cardiovascular fitness, waist circumference, blood lipids, glucose metabolism, inflammation markers, insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and blood pressure in overweight and obese lactating women. METHODS: At 10-14 wk postpartum, 68 Swedish women with a self-reported pre-pregnancy BMI of 25-35 kg/m(2) were randomized to a 12-wk behavior modification treatment with D, E, both or control using a 2×2 factorial design. The goal of D treatment was to reduce body weight by 0.5 kg/wk, accomplished by decreasing energy intake by 500 kcal/d and monitoring weight loss through self-weighing. The goal of E treatment was to perform 4 45-min walks per wk at 60-70% of max heart-rate using a heart-rate monitor. Effects were measured 12 wk and 1 y after randomization. General Linear Modeling was used to study main and interaction effects adjusted for baseline values of dependent variable. RESULTS: There was a significant main effect of the D treatment, decreasing waist circumference (P = 0.001), total cholesterol (P = 0.007), LDL-cholesterol (P = 0.003) and fasting insulin (P = 0.042), at the end of the 12-wk treatment. The decreased waist circumference (P<0.001) and insulin (P = 0.024) was sustained and HDL-cholesterol increased (P = 0.005) at the 1-y follow-up. No effects from the E treatment or any interaction effects were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Dietary behavior modification that produced sustained weight loss among overweight and obese lactating women also improved risk factors for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. This intervention may not only reduce weight-related risks with future pregnancies but also long-term risk for metabolic disease. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01343238.
Automatic Doppler signal analysis to assess utero-placental circulation for identifying high risk pregnancies.; High risk pregnancy conditions such as preeclampsia, pregnancy induced hypertension, intra-uterine growth restriction and gestational diabetes are associated with defective utero-placental circulation. These conditions, if undetected early during pregnancy, are associated with poor pregnancy outcomes including high morbidity/mortality for the fetus/mother. The current state of the art for monitoring such conditions is via (color) Doppler ultrasound with key clinical parameters being observed in uterine and umbilical arteries being the resistance index (RI), pulsatility index (PI) and AB index and early diastolic notching. High risk conditions in pregnancy manifest as abnormal flow profiles and indices in select fetal/maternal blood vessels. These parameters are gold standard as far as current clinical practice goes but they still suffer from low sensitivity in detecting and predicting the above mentioned high risk conditions at an earlier stage. In this paper, we propose a method based on Doppler signal analysis that automatically identifies the above conditions with higher sensitivity even when the current RI/PI indices are normal.
Assessing vascular characteristics of the fetal descending aorta: A feasibility study.; Research describing fetal arterial structure and function is lacking within the literature. This study's purpose was to measure intima-media thickness (IMT), compliance and distensibility of 24- to 25-week fetuses' abdominal aortas using conventional ultrasonography from 16 diabetic (DM) and 25 non-diabetic mothers (NDM). We found no significant differences in fetal abdominal aorta IMT (P = .68), diameter distensibility (P = .22), or cross-sectional distensibility (P = .23). However, both fetal abdominal aortic diameter compliance (P = .03) and cross-sectional compliance (P = .005) were greater in DM than in NDM (P = .005). This study demonstrates that it is possible and potentially useful to measure fetal abdominal aorta biometrics and biomechanical characteristics.
Left ventricular structure and function in black normotensive type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.; BACKGROUND: Relationship between type 2 DM and cardiovascular disease (CVD) is well known, with CVD being the most common cause of mortality in diabetics. Significant myocardial injury before overt CVD in DM can be identified early using echocardiography. This study therefore aimed at evaluating left ventricular structure and function of patients with type 2 DM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: One hundred and fifty adult type 2 DM patients were recruited with 150 age- and sex-matched controls. Patients and subjects with systemic hypertension, pregnancy, sickle cell disease and structural heart disease were excluded from the study. Participants were evaluated clinically; had anthropometric parameters and electrocardiogram taken. Echocardiograms were obtained according to the American Society of Echocardiography (ASE) recommendations. RESULTS: Mean age of the patients (55.4 ± 11.6 years) was similar to that of the control (54.2 ± 9.6 years) (P=0.348) and the duration of DM was 4.53 years. Left ventricular (LV) systolic function was normal in both groups but was higher in patients than controls (ejection fraction=70.3 ± 10.7% and 64.4 ± 9.4%, P =0.001 respectively). The prevalence of LV diastolic dysfunction (LVDD) was 72% in the patients compared with 6% in controls (P=0.001). Patients' age, body weight, duration of DM, LV mass index and left atrial dimension were positive correlates of LVDD while patients' age, weight and left atrial dimension were independent predictors of LVDD. CONCLUSION: There is high prevalence of alterations in LV structure and function in normotensive type 2 DM; and there is a need for early intervention to prevent overt LV dysfunction.
Epigenetics and the embodiment of race: developmental origins of US racial disparities in cardiovascular health.; The relative contribution of genetic and environmental influences to the US black-white disparity in cardiovascular disease (CVD) is hotly debated within the public health, anthropology, and medical communities. In this article, we review evidence for developmental and epigenetic pathways linking early life environments with CVD, and critically evaluate their possible role in the origins of these racial health disparities. African Americans not only suffer from a disproportionate burden of CVD relative to whites, but also have higher rates of the perinatal health disparities now known to be the antecedents of these conditions. There is extensive evidence for a social origin to prematurity and low birth weight in African Americans, reflecting pathways such as the effects of discrimination on maternal stress physiology. In light of the inverse relationship between birth weight and adult CVD, there is now a strong rationale to consider developmental and epigenetic mechanisms as links between early life environmental factors like maternal stress during pregnancy and adult race-based health disparities in diseases like hypertension, diabetes, stroke, and coronary heart disease. The model outlined here builds upon social constructivist perspectives to highlight an important set of mechanisms by which social influences can become embodied, having durable and even transgenerational influences on the most pressing US health disparities. We conclude that environmentally responsive phenotypic plasticity, in combination with the better-studied acute and chronic effects of social-environmental exposures, provides a more parsimonious explanation than genetics for the persistence of CVD disparities between members of socially imposed racial categories.
Marine Omega-3 Fatty Acids, Complications of Pregnancy and Maternal Risk Factors for Offspring Cardio-Metabolic Disease.; Marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are important nutrients during periods of rapid growth and development in utero and infancy. Maternal health and risk factors play a crucial role in birth outcomes and subsequently offspring cardio-metabolic health. Evidence from observational studies and randomized trials have suggested a potential association of maternal intake of marine n-3 PUFAs during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. However, there is inconsistency in the literature on whether marine n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy can prevent maternal complications of pregnancy. This narrative literature review summarizes recent evidence on observational and clinical trials of marine n-3 PUFA intake on maternal risk factors and effects on offspring cardio-metabolic health. The current evidence generally does not support a role of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation in altering the incidence of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or pre-eclampsia. It may be that benefits from marine n-3 PUFA supplementation are more pronounced in high-risk populations, such as women with a history of complications of pregnancy, or women with low marine n-3 PUFA intake. Discrepancies between studies may be related to differences in study design, dosage, fatty acid interplay, and length of treatment. Further prospective double-blind studies are needed to clarify the impact of long-chain marine n-3 PUFAs on risk factors for cardio-metabolic disease in the offspring.
Non-traditional risk factors for atherosclerotic disease: A review for emergency physicians.; INTRODUCTION: Acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is a life-threatening disease frequently managed in the Emergency Department (ED). Risk factors such as age, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and smoking are classically associated with atherosclerosis and ACS. OBJECTIVE: This review evaluates non-traditional risk factors for atherosclerotic disease and seeks to inform physicians of their potential danger, particularly in vulnerable patient populations. DISCUSSION: Traditional risk factors are commonly utilized in the evaluation of patients with concern for ACS and acute myocardial infarction (AMI), though these may not be as useful for individual patient assessment. Heart disease accounts for a significant number of deaths in the U.S. Awareness of disease presentation and risk factors is important; however, several non-traditional risk factors are associated with atherosclerosis. Vasculitides, as well as immunologic medications used to treat these patients, increase atherosclerosis. Specific types of cancer and some therapies used to treat cancer are associated with atherosclerosis development and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Heavy alcohol use increases atherosclerosis and risk of AMI. Pregnancy also increases risk of AMI. Patients with HIV develop atherosclerosis at higher rates, and antiretroviral therapy predisposes patients to early development of coronary disease. Infections such as pneumonia and sepsis, associated with elevated inflammation, increase rate of ACS events during illness and throughout the one-year period after diagnosis of infection. CONCLUSIONS: Several non-traditional factors are associated with increased risk of atherosclerosis and ACS. Knowledge of these risk factors is important in the ED to minimize the potential of missing ACS.
Maternal obesity and offspring's cardiovascular morbidity - Results from a population based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether maternal obesity poses a risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring. STUDY DESIGN: Data were analyzed from a non-selective population of all infants born between the years 1991-2014 at the tertiary Soroka University Medical Center (SUMC), the sole hospital in the southern region of Israel. Offspring's cardiovascular morbidity from childbirth up to eighteen years old was compared among children whom their mothers were with and without obesity (maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) ≥30 kg/m2). Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations. RESULTS: A total of 242,342 deliveries met the inclusion criteria, 3290 (1.36%) had a BMI > 30 kg/m2. Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the study groups (1.1% vs. 0.6%, OR = 1.79; 1.28-2.50). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve exhibited a difference in the cumulative incidence of total cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring (log-rank test, p < 0.001). In the Cox multi-variable analysis, a significant association was noted between obesity and cardiovascular morbidity even after adjustment for confounders such as maternal age, gestational age, hypertension and diabetes (adjusted HR = 1.59, 95% Cl 1.14-2.21). CONCLUSION: Maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring.
Plasma homocysteine concentrations in young individuals at increased risk of type 2 diabetes are associated with subtle differences in glomerular filtration rate but not with insulin resistance.; Plasma homocysteine levels are elevated in individuals with type 2 diabetes contributing to the increased cardiovascular risk of these patients. As insulin resistance is a key feature in type 2 diabetic patients, hyperhomocysteinemia might be a consequence of insulin resistance. We studied this hypothesis in 839 individuals(male: 302, female: 537, mean age: 37.5 years) with a higher prevalence of insulin resistance (positive family history of type 2 diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, overweight). Subjects with overt type 2 diabetes or known kidney disease were excluded from the study. Mean plasma homocysteine concentration was 8.9 micromol/l (95% RCI 4.8-14.9). Adjusted for age and sex we could not find a significant correlation between homocysteine levels and BMI, insulin levels, or the insulin sensitivity-index (r = 0.35; p = 0.48). Furthermore, after a successful lifestyle intervention resulting in a significant decrease in BMI, body fat content and improved insulin sensitivity (p < 0.0001 each) no differences in homocysteine concentrations could be achieved. However,in the cross-sectional analysis we found a significant and independent, negative correlation between glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and homocysteine levels (r = -0.37; p < 0.0001). In conclusion, our study did not reveal a significant association between levels of homocysteine and insulin resistance in a population with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes. However, plasma homocysteine levels were related to subtle differences in kidney function at this early stage.
Abdominal fat and insulin resistance in normal and overweight women: Direct measurements reveal a strong relationship in subjects at both low and high risk of NIDDM.; Insulin resistance appears to be central to obesity, NIDDM, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. While obese women with abdominal (android) fat distribution are more insulin resistant than those with peripheral (gynecoid) obesity, in nonobese women, the relationship between abdominal fat and insulin resistance is unknown. By measuring regional adiposity with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp in 22 healthy women, with a mean +/- SE body BMI of 26.7 +/- 0.9 kg/m2 and differing risk factors for NIDDM, we found a strong negative relationship between central abdominal (intra-abdominal plus abdominal subcutaneous) fat and whole-body insulin sensitivity (r = -0.89, P < 0.0001) and nonoxidative glucose disposal (r = -0.77, P < 0.001), independent of total adiposity, family history of NIDDM, and past gestational diabetes. There was a large variation in insulin sensitivity, with a similar variation in central fat, even in those whose BMI was <25 kg/m2. Abdominal fat had a significantly stronger relationship with insulin sensitivity than peripheral nonabdominal fat (r2 = 0.79 vs. 0.44), and higher levels were associated with increased fasting nonesterified fatty acids, lipid oxidation, and hepatic glucose output. Because 79% of the variance in insulin sensitivity in this heterogeneous population was accounted for by central fat, abdominal adiposity appears to be a strong marker and may be a major determinant of insulin resistance in women.
Periodontal medicine: a new paradigm.; Recent evidence indicates that we need to change how we think about the etiology and pathogenesis of periodontal disease. Although bacteria are a necessary factor in the equation, the reaction of the host's immuno-inflammatory system is responsible for most of the destruction found in periodontal disease. Thus, it makes sense that a number of environmental and acquired factors may modify a patient's risk of developing periodontal disease. This paper reviews the scientific evidence for a number of these risk factors including age, genetics, smoking, diabetes mellitus, stress and osteoporosis.
Bilateral central retinal vein occlusion in a pregnant lady.; We report a rare case of central retinal vein occlusion (CRVO) in pregnancy. There was dramatic deterioration of vision in both eyes through pregnancy despite repeated attempts of laser treatment and systemically controlled diabetes. Significant improvement was noted postpartum. Pregnancy is an aggravated factor of bilateral CRVO.
Long term complications of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a frequent endocrine disease affecting 10 to 15% of women. Menstrual disorders, hyperandrogenism and ultrasonographic aspect of ovaries are typical of the disease and are established diagnostic criteria. But PCOS has also long term complications frequently forgotten and underestimated. During pregnancy, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertensive disorders can occur. At an older age, metabolic disease such as glucose intolerance, type 2 diabetes or dyslipidaemia are frequently described. Women with PCOS have increased classical cardiovascular risks and increased subclinical cardio-vascular disease without proven increase of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Finally, endometrial cancer seems to be more frequent in women with PCOS. Therefore, PCOS have numerous long-term health risks and a life-long follow-up is necessary for these women "at-risk" to detect and prevent complications as soon as possible.
Endothelin-1-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress in disease.; The accumulation of unfolded proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) represents a cellular stress induced by multiple stimuli and pathologic conditions. Recent evidence implicates endothelin-1 (ET-1) in the induction of placental ER stress in pregnancy disorders. ER stress has previously also been implicated in various other disease states, including neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases, as has ET-1 in the pathophysiology of these conditions. However, to date, there has been no investigation of the link between ET-1 and the induction of ER stress in these disease states. Based on recent evidence and mechanistic insight into the role of ET-1 in the induction of placental ER stress, the following review attempts to outline the broader implications of ET-1-induced ER stress, as well as strategies for therapeutic intervention based around ET-1.
Prenatal and perinatal predictors of blood pressure at school age in former preterm, low birth weight infants.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study is to investigate prenatal and perinatal determinants of school age blood pressure (BP) in former preterm, low birth weight infants. STUDY DESIGN: We studied 694 participants in the Infant Health and Development Program, an eight-center longitudinal study of children born ≤ 37 weeks and ≤ 2500  g. We obtained information about prenatal and perinatal factors by interview and medical record review, and measured BP three times at age 6.5 years. RESULT: Adjusting for sex, age, sociodemographic variables and height Z-score; for each Z-score birth weight for gestational age-which represents fetal growth-systolic BP at 6.5 years was 0.7  mm  Hg higher (95% confidence interval -0.1, 1.6). Maternal age, pre-pregnancy weight, gestational weight gain, smoking, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and child gestational age and neonatal complications were also not associated with BP. CONCLUSION: In contrast to full-term infants, slower fetal growth was not associated with higher BP in former preterm, low birth weight infants.
Pregnancy outcomes following bariatric surgery.; OBJECTIVE: To compare pregnancy outcomes postbariatric surgery for women who remain obese at conception to those who were not obese. METHODS: From a database of women who received outpatient perinatal services, we identified women with a history of bariatric surgery who are currently pregnant with a singleton gestation. Available maternal characteristics and pregnancy outcomes were compared between women whose prepregnancy body mass index (PPBMI) remained in the obese range (≥30 kg/m(2)) and those with a PPBMI of <30 kg/m(2) using Fisher exact test, independent Student's t test, and Mann-Whitney U test statistics. RESULTS: Of the 102 women identified, 52 (51%) were obese and 50 (49%) were not obese at conception. No differences were observed in maternal age, marital status, years from surgery to delivery, development of gestational diabetes, gestational age at delivery, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, or nursery days. Maternal obesity (≥30 kg/m(2)) postbariatric surgery was associated with higher rates of cesarean delivery (63.5% vs. 36.0%, p=0.010) and development of pregnancy-related hypertension (36.5% vs. 8.0%, p=0.001) compared to nonobese women (<30 kg/m(2)). CONCLUSIONS: Postbariatric surgery, an optimal goal should be to achieve a nonobese weight status before conception to reduce maternal complications, such as pregnancy-related hypertension and cesarean delivery.
Metabolic consequences of prematurity.; A considerable body of scientific evidence now links major diseases of middle-older age, such as the metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus and atherosclerotic heart disease, to in utero and perinatal events. Based on replicated epidemiological observations in humans, and experimental evidence in animal models, the data suggest that a period of plasticity during development imposes permanent influences on the way that the organism adapts to the surrounding environment many years later, perhaps via epigenetic and other post-translational modifications of genetic programming, such as regulation of the cell cycle and hormonal programming of metabolic pathways. A critical period appears to be the third trimester, hitherto considered as deprivation of nutrition or other essential factors in utero. Here this review discusses the recent evidence that the critical period also involves the third trimester ex utero, as occurs in prematurity. Data are provided demonstrating insulin resistance compensated by hyperinsulinemia in children born prematurely, whether born appropriate for gestational age or small for gestational age, and comparable in degree with that seen in those born at term with intrauterine growth retardation. Potential mechanisms and implications for treatment of the metabolic consequences of prematurity are discussed within the framework of the fetal salvage hypothesis.
Intra-abdominal aortic balloon occlusion in the management of placenta percreta.; BACKGROUND: Massive bleeding is the main concern for the management of placenta percreta (PP). Intra-abdominal aortic balloon occlusion (IABO) is one method for pelvic devascularization, but the efficacy of IABO is uncertain. This study aims to investigate the outcomes of IABO in PP patients. METHODS: We retrospectively reviewed the clinical data of PP cases from six tertiary centers in China between January 2011 and December 2015. PP cases with/without the use of IABO were analyzed. Propensity score matching analysis was performed to reduce the effect of selection bias. Postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) and the rate of hysterectomy, as well as neonatal outcomes, were analyzed. RESULTS: One hundred and thirty-two matched pairs of patients were included in the final analysis. Compared with the control group, maternal outcomes, including PPH (68.9% vs. 87.9%, χ2 = 13.984, P < 0.001), hysterectomy (8.3% vs. 65.2%, χ2 = 91.672, P < 0.001), and repeated surgery (1.5% vs. 12.1%, χ2 = 11.686, P = 0.001) were significantly reduced in the IABO group. For neonatal outcomes, Apgar scores at 1 minute (8.67 ± 1.79 vs. 8.53 ± 1.68, t = -0.638, P = 0.947) and 5 minutes (9.43 ± 1.55 vs. 9.53 ± 1.26, t = 0.566, P = 0.293) were not significantly different between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: IABO can significantly reduce blood loss, hysterectomies, and repeated surgeries. This procedure has not shown harmful effects on neonatal outcomes.
Causal effects of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy on future gynecologic tumors: A two-sample Mendelian randomization study.; BACKGROUND: Numerous observational studies have investigated the potential link between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) and the subsequent risks of gynecologic tumors, yet the findings have been inconsistent. In this study, we utilized Mendelian randomization (MR) approach to assess the influence of HDPs on the future risks of ovarian, cervical, endometrial, and breast cancer and uterine fibroids, controlling for confounding factors. METHODS: The genome-wide association studies (GWAS) summary data relevant to HDPs was obtained from the FinnGen databases (10,736 cases and 136,325 controls). Gynecologic tumor outcomes were extracted from the IEU Open GWAS project and UK Biobank (47,690 cases and 1, 092,073 controls). The inverse variance weighted (IVW) approach was selected as the principal method for MR analysis, supplemented by MR-Egger, weighted median, weighted model, simple model methods, MR pleiotropy residual sum and outlier (MR-PRESSO) test, and leave-one-out method. Multivariate MR (MVMR) analysis was conducted after adjusting systolic blood pressure (SBP), body mass index (BMI) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). RESULTS: Our univariate MR analysis (UVMR) results revealed no significant relationship between HDPs and the risks of ovarian cancer (odds ratio [OR] = 0.924, p = 0.360), cervical cancer (OR = 1.230, p = 0.738), endometrial cancer (OR = 1.006, p = 0.949), uterine fibroids (OR = 1.155, p = 0.158), and breast cancer (OR = 0.792, p = 0.241) by IVW test. Similar results were observed in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia/eclampsia. Additionally, our study detected neither heterogeneity nor pleiotropy. MVMR analysis also provided no evidence of a causal association between HDPs and common gynecologic tumors after adjusting SBP, BMI, and T2DM. CONCLUSION: We discovered no causal relationship between HDPs and ovarian, cervical, endometrial, breast cancer, and uterine fibroids in European populations. However, present analysis did not explore the effect of HDPs on the subtypes of gynecologic tumors across varied ethnic populations, which may require additional research.
Pregnancy-Related Complications and Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review.; Pregnancy-related complications are associated with a higher risk of various incident cardiovascular diseases, but their specific potential relationship with incident atrial fibrillation (AF) is less clear. This systematic review summarises the available evidence from observational studies which have examined associations between pregnancy-related complications and the risk of AF. MEDLINE and EMBASE (Ovid) were searched for studies between 1990 to 10 February 2022. Pregnancy-related complications examined included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes, placental abruption, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age and stillbirth. Study selection, data extraction and quality assessment were completed independently by two reviewers. Narrative synthesis was used to evaluate the results of the included studies. Nine observational studies were included, with eight eligible for narrative synthesis. Sample sizes ranged from 1839 to 2,359,386. Median follow-up ranged from 2 to 36 years. Six studies reported that pregnancy-related complications were associated with a significantly increased risk of incident AF. Hazard ratios (HRs) (95% confidence intervals) for the four studies that evaluated HDP ranged from 1.1 (0.8-1.6) to 1.9 (1.4-2.7). For the four studies that evaluated pre-eclampsia, HRs ranged from 1.2 (0.9-1.6) to 1.9 (1.7-2.2). Current evidence from observational studies suggests pregnancy-related complications are associated with a significantly higher risk of incident AF. However, only a small number of studies examining each pregnancy-related complication were identified, and considerable statistical heterogeneity was observed. Further large-scale prospective studies are required to confirm the association between pregnancy-related complications and incident AF.
Emerging evidence of Toll-like receptors as a putative pathway linking maternal inflammation and neurodevelopmental disorders in human offspring: A systematic review.; Inflammation is increasingly recognised to play a major role in gene-environment interactions in neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs). The effects of aberrant immune responses to environmental stimuli in the mother and in the child can affect neuroimmune signalling that is central to brain development. Toll-like receptors (TLR) are the best known innate immune pattern and danger recognition sensors to various environmental threats. In animal models, maternal immune activation (MIA), secondary to inflammatory factors including maternal gestational infection, obesity, diabetes, and stress activate the TLR pathway in maternal blood, placenta, and fetal brain, which correlate with offspring neurobehavioral abnormalities. Given the central role of TLR activation in animal MIA models, we systematically reviewed the human evidence for TLR activation and response to stimulation across the maternal-fetal interface. Firstly, we included 59 TLR studies performed in peripheral blood of adults in general population (outside of pregnancy) with six chronic inflammatory factors which have epidemiological evidence for increased risk of offspring NDDs, namely, obesity, diabetes mellitus, depression, low socio-economic status, autoimmune diseases, and asthma. Secondly, eight TLR studies done in human pregnancies with chronic inflammatory factors, involving maternal blood, placenta, and cord blood, were reviewed. Lastly, ten TLR studies performed in peripheral blood of individuals with NDDs were included. Despite these studies, there were no studies which examined TLR function in both the pregnant mother and their offspring. Increased TLR2 and TLR4 mRNA and/or protein levels in peripheral blood were common in obesity, diabetes mellitus, depression, autoimmune thyroid disease, and rheumatoid arthritis. To a lesser degree, TLR 3, 7, 8, and 9 activation were found in peripheral blood of humans with autoimmune diseases and depression. In pregnancy, increased TLR4 mRNA levels were found in the peripheral blood of women with diabetes mellitus and systemic lupus erythematosus. Placental TLR activation was found in mothers with obesity or diabetes. Postnatally, dysregulated TLR response to stimulation was found in peripheral blood of individuals with NDDs. This systematic review found emerging evidence that TLR activation may represent a mechanistic link between maternal inflammation and offspring NDD, however the literature is incomplete and longitudinal outcome studies are lacking. Identification of pathogenic mechanisms in MIA could create preventive and therapeutic opportunities to mitigate NDD prevalence and severity.
The Deidesheimer meeting: significance of classical and new risk factors in non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus.; The major risk factors appear to explain only a small proportion of the excess risk of coronary heart disease in patients with Non-Insulin-Dependent Diabetes Mellitus (NIDDM). Among novel risk markers that have been-proposed to explain the susceptibility of NIDDM subjects to coronary heart disease are insulin resistance, elevated concentrations of proinsulin-line molecules, plasminogen activator inhibitor, and microalbuminuria. Several prospective studies have shown that hyperinsulinemia predicts coronary heart disease, perhaps independently of established risk factors. Some of this excess risk may be through the dyslipidemia, or the elevation in activity of plasminogen activator inhibitor, an inhibitor of fibrinolysis, which relate to hyperinsulinemia. However proinsulin-like molecules show similar relationships with both risk factors and with prevalent coronary heart disease as does insulin, despite low concentrations of these molecules in the circulation, suggesting a causative relationship is improbable. Furthermore, the link between insulin resistance and microalbuminuria, a powerful predictor of vascular disease in its own right, is poorly understood through known mechanisms. This clustering leads to the possibility of a link with coronary heart disease through other mechanisms. It is proposed that the pathogenesis of this link is endothelial dysfunction, which may predicate both impaired insulin action, through effects of blood flow and insulin transport, and the associated dyslipidemia, impaired fibrinolysis, microalbuminuria, and atherogenesis. In terms of etiology, the links of all these risk factors with evidence of growth retardation in early life may suggest a role of the thirfty phenotype hypothesis-impaired organogenesis resulting from poor maternal nutrition during pregnancy.
Impact of maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To compare longitudinal maternal hemodynamic changes throughout gestation between different groups stratified according to weight at presentation and assess the relative influence of height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation. METHODS: This was a prospective, longitudinal study assessing maternal hemodynamics using bioreactance technology at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6, 19 + 0 to 24 + 0, 30 + 0 to 34 + 0 and 35 + 0 to 37 + 0 weeks' gestation. Women were divided into three groups according to maternal weight at presentation at the first visit at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks: Group 1, &lt; 60.0 kg (n = 421); Group 2, 60.0-79.7 kg (n = 904); Group 3, &gt; 79.7 kg (n = 427). A multilevel linear mixed-effects model was used to compare the repeated measures of hemodynamic variables, correcting for demographics, medical and obstetric history, pregnancy complications, maternal weight and time of evaluation. The linear mixed-effects model was then repeated using maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain Z-scores, and the standardized coefficients were used to evaluate the relative impact of each of these demographic parameters on longitudinal changes of maternal hemodynamics. RESULTS: Compared with Group 1, women in Group 3 demonstrated higher cardiac output (CO), heart rate (HR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) throughout pregnancy. Groups 2 and 3 had higher stroke volume (SV) than Group 1 at the first visit, but their SV plateaued between the first and second visits and demonstrated an earlier significant decrease from the second visit to the third visit when compared with Group 1. Compared with Groups 1 and 2, there was a higher prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes in Group 3. Maternal height was the most important contributor to CO, peripheral vascular resistance (PVR), SV and HR, while weight at presentation was the most important contributor to MAP. Gestational weight gain was the second most important characteristic influencing the longitudinal changes of PVR and SV. CONCLUSIONS: Women with greater weight at presentation have a pathological hemodynamic profile, with higher CO, HR and MAP compared to women with lower weight at presentation. Height is the main determinant of CO, SV, HR and PVR, weight is the main determinant of MAP, and gestational weight gain is the second most important determinant of SV and PVR. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Interferon γ neutralization reduces blood pressure, uterine artery resistance index, and placental oxidative stress in placental ischemic rats.; Preeclampsia (PE) is characterized by maternal hypertension, intrauterine growth restriction, and increased cytolytic natural killer cells (cNKs), which secrete interferon γ (IFNγ). However, the precise role of IFNγ in contributing to PE pathophysiology remains unclear. Using the reduced uterine perfusion pressure (RUPP) rat model of placental ischemia, we tested the hypothesis that neutralization of IFNγ in RUPPs will decrease placental reactive oxygen species (ROS) and improve vascular function resulting in decreased MAP and improved fetal growth. On gestation day (GD) 14, the RUPP procedure was performed and on GDs 15 and 18, a subset of normal pregnant rats (NP) and RUPP rats were injected with 10 μg/kg of an anti-rat IFNγ monoclonal antibody. On GD 18, uterine artery resistance index (UARI) was measured via Doppler ultrasound and on GD 19, mean arterial pressure (MAP) was measured, animals were euthanized, and blood and tissues were collected for analysis. Increased MAP was observed in RUPP rats compared with NP and was reduced in RUPP + anti-IFNγ. Placental ROS was also increased in RUPP rats compared with NP rats and was normalized in RUPP + anti-IFNγ. Fetal and placental weights were reduced in RUPP rats, but were not improved following anti-IFNγ treatment. However, UARI was elevated in RUPP compared with NP rats and was reduced in RUPP + anti-IFNγ. In conclusion, we observed that IFNγ neutralization reduced MAP, UARI, and placental ROS in RUPP recipients. These data suggest that IFNγ is a potential mechanism by which cNKs contribute to PE pathophysiology and may represent a therapeutic target to improve maternal outcomes in PE.
Awareness of diabetes risk factors and prevention strategies among a sample of low-income Latinos with no known diagnosis of diabetes.; PURPOSE: This study assessed awareness of type 2 diabetes risk and severity, perceived risk factors, knowledge of diabetes prevention strategies, and challenges of and opportunities for prevention among low-income Latinos in Lawrence, Massachusetts. METHODS: Qualitative research design. Latinos with no known diagnosis of diabetes participated in 4 focus groups, conducted in Spanish, which were recorded and transcribed for systematic analysis. RESULTS: The sample, (N = 41) was largely female (85%) with a wide age range (22-76 years), most (71%) had an educational level of high school or less, and less than half (46%) were employed. Participants had basic knowledge of diabetes, but gaps were apparent. Many perceived family history of diabetes, poor diet, emotional distress, and stress associated with the United States as risk factors for diabetes. There was little or no awareness of risk associated with Latino ethnicity, gestational diabetes, hypertension, lipid abnormalities, or obesity. Few cited physical activity or weight loss as diabetes prevention strategies. More than half the participants perceived themselves at low risk for diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: This Latino sample had limited knowledge of diabetes risk factors and lifestyle changes that can prevent or delay diabetes onset. Insights for intervening for diabetes prevention are offered.
Position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics: Vegetarian Diets.; It is the position of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics that appropriately planned vegetarian, including vegan, diets are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits for the prevention and treatment of certain diseases. These diets are appropriate for all stages of the life cycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, adolescence, older adulthood, and for athletes. Plant-based diets are more environmentally sustainable than diets rich in animal products because they use fewer natural resources and are associated with much less environmental damage. Vegetarians and vegans are at reduced risk of certain health conditions, including ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, certain types of cancer, and obesity. Low intake of saturated fat and high intakes of vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, soy products, nuts, and seeds (all rich in fiber and phytochemicals) are characteristics of vegetarian and vegan diets that produce lower total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels and better serum glucose control. These factors contribute to reduction of chronic disease. Vegans need reliable sources of vitamin B-12, such as fortified foods or supplements.
CD15 as a marker of fetoplacental endothelial immaturity in IUGR placentas.; BACKGROUND: Structural or functional defects in the placenta, are the primary cause of growth restriction of the fetus. Morphological examination of such placentas from intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) fetuses often appears deceptively normal. Evaluation of angiogenesis and fetoplacental vasculature is critical to understand the underlying pathogenesis of fetal growth restriction in both idiopathic as well as cases where it is thought to be secondary to complications like preeclampsia (PE). We analyzed the immaturity of fetoplacental vasculature using CD15, which is a stage specific embryonic antigen known to be expressed in immature endothelium. MATERIAL AND METHODS: One hundred and twelve placentas (81 from IUGR and 31 from gestationally appropriate samples (appropriate for gestational age (AGA)) were collected based on stringent inclusion criteria, and subjected to detailed examination of morphology and microscopy along with immunostaining for CD15. IUGR placentas known to have villous immaturity such as those associated with gestational diabetes, Rh negative pregnancies and anemia were excluded. The time of clinical onset of IUGR, associated complications like PE and oligohydramnios along with clinical variables were recorded. CD15 expression was scored in both distal and proximal vasculature and the values in IUGR and AGA pregnancies were compared and correlated with clinical variables. RESULTS: The mean CD 15 scores in both proximal vasculature (PV) as well as distal (DV) vasculature were significantly higher in the IUGR group compared to AGA (17.7 versus 5.16 in PV and 50.8 versus 23.7 in distal vasculature (DV)). Gestational age had no influence on CD15 staining in PV or DV in IUGR group, whereas preterm AGAs expressed higher CD15 only in the distal vessels. PE, oligohydramnios and the time of onset of IUGR did not influence the fetal vascular immaturity, as measured by CD15 scores. Although none of the clinical or obstetric factors influenced CD15 staining in AGA, fetal vessel immaturity in the IUGR group remained high even after adjusting for confounding variables like maternal age, gestational age and birth weight. Histological features suggestive of chronic hypoxia were significantly higher in IUGR placentas, compared to AGA and correlated positively with CD15 expression. CONCLUSION: Fetoplacental endothelium in both PV and DV is immature in IUGR irrespective of the gestational age or any other associated factors and CD15 immunodetection is a valuable marker for assessment of immaturity.
The impact of an insulin sensitizer, troglitazone, on glucose metabolism in African Americans at risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus: a placebo-controlled, 24-month randomized study.; African Americans (AA) have greater prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), and nondiabetic AA have demonstrated increased insulin resistance when compared with Caucasian Americans (CA). The objective of this study was to examine the impact of chronic use of an insulin sensitizer on glucose metabolism in normal glucose tolerant AA at risk for DM (previous gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM] or first-degree relative with DM). Forty-nine high-risk AA received 200 mg/d troglitazone (TRO) versus 81 age-, weight-, and body mass index (BMI)-matched high-risk AA who received placebo (PLA) for 24 months. Yearly anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIVGTT) were performed. Biochemical parameters were monitored quarterly. There was no significant change in anthropometric measurements over 24 months in TRO versus PLA. There were no significant differences in serum glucose, insulin, or C-peptide incremental area under the curve (AUC) in TRO versus PLA at baseline or 24 months for OGTT and FSIVGTT. The insulin sensitivity (S(I)) for TRO and PLA increased from baseline to 24 months by 17% and 16%, respectively. The TRO demonstrated a 26% increase in insulin/glucose ratio versus 1% increase in the PLA at 24 months. The disposition index (DI) increased 33% from baseline in TRO versus 21% increase in PLA. Modest improvement in glucose metabolism was seen in TRO when compared with PLA. TRO was well tolerated without significant reported adverse events. Based on our current data, the treatment of normal glucose tolerant high-risk AA with thiazolidinedione (TZD) may be beneficial to "reset" and protect glucose metabolism by improving insulin responses. Because of the potential drug-related risks associated with use of TZD and the proven positive impact of diet and exercise in prevention of DM, studies of longer duration with examination of other potentially beneficial parameters, such as cardiovascular indices and inflammatory markers will be necessary to justify the cost in the nondiabetic population.
Effect of interpregnancy weight change on perinatal outcomes: systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Although obesity is a well-known risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes, evidence is sparse about the effects of interpregnancy weight change on the risk of adverse perinatal complications in a subsequent pregnancy. The current study aims to assess the effect of interpregnancy weight change on the risk of developing gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, pregnancy induced hypertension, preterm birth, or delivering a large- or small-for-gestational age neonate. METHODS: Pubmed, Ovid Embase, ClinicalTrial.gov and the Cochrane library were systematically searched up until July 24th, 2019. Interpregnancy weight change was defined as the difference between pre-pregnancy weight of an index pregnancy and a consecutive pregnancy. Inclusion criteria included full text original articles reporting quantitative data about interpregnancy weight change in multiparous women with any time interval between consecutive births and the risk of any perinatal complication of interest. Studies reporting adjusted odds ratios and a reference group of - 1 to + 1 BMI unit change between pregnancies were harmonised by meta-analysis. RESULTS: Twenty-three cohort studies identified a total of 671,906 women with two or more consecutive pregnancies. Seven of these studies were included in the meta-analysis (280,672 women). Interpregnancy weight gain was consistently associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, pregnancy induced hypertension and large-for-gestational age births. In contrast, interpregnancy weight loss was associated with a lower risk of delivering a large-for-gestational age neonate. The effect magnitude (relative risk) of interpregnancy weight gain on pregnancy induced hypertension or delivering a large-for-gestational age neonate was greater among women with a normal BMI in the index pregnancy compared to women with a starting BMI ≥25 kg/m(2). CONCLUSION: These findings confirm that interpregnancy weight change impacts the risk of developing perinatal complications in a subsequent pregnancy. This provides evidence in support of guidelines encouraging women to achieve post-partum weight loss, as their risk of perinatal complications might be minimised if they return to their pre-pregnancy weight before conceiving again. Prospectively registered with PROSPERO (CRD42017067326).
[Neonatal hyperglycemia and diabetes mellitus].; BACKGROUND: Hyperglycemia in the neonate may be permanent or more frequently transient. Its treatment is still debated. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The files of 19 infants with hyperglycemia were retrospectively analysed. Their birth-weights were more than 900 g and their gestational ages more than 27 weeks. Plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, islet-cell and insulin autoantibodies were measured in each patient. RESULTS: Blood glucose ranged from 1.2 to 10 g/l (mean: 5.05 +/- 1.0), between the second hour and the 60th day of life. Four infants presented with permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus: they were small for gestational age. Hyperglycemia was noted from the first day of life. C-peptide levels were less than 0.1 pmol/ml and autoantibodies were absent. Two sibs had hypothyroidism, one patient had unclassifiable chronic diarrhea plus renal disease, the fourth patient had ventricular septal defect. The 15 other patients presented with a transient hyperglycemia that appeared lately (6.1 +/- 3.4 day of life). Hyperglycemia was induced by glucose infusion in five patients, by potentially hyperglycemic drugs in five others. C-peptide levels ranged from 0.01 to 0.76 pmol/ml (mean 0.29 +/- 0.11). One patient and his mother had insulin antibodies. Another patient had congenital heart abnormalities. Hyperglycemia required insulin therapy in 17 cases (four with permanent and 13 with transient hyperglycemia). CONCLUSION: There are no clinical or biological features permitting foresee the duration of neonatal hyperglycemia. Each patient with birth-weight below 2,500 g should be given insulin when glucosemia remains above 1.3 g/l and his weight does not increase.
Doppler sonographic characteristics of umbilical and uterine arteries during oral glucose tolerance testing in healthy pregnant women.; PURPOSE: Studies have shown that maternal hyperglycemia may be associated with increased placental resistance to blood flow and possibly adverse perinatal outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine whether Doppler velocimetric dynamics change in the uterine and umbilical arteries in healthy pregnant women (without gestational diabetes) during acute hyperglycemia induced by oral glucose tolerance testing. METHODS: Flow in the umbilical and right and left uterine arteries was assessed by spectral Doppler sonographic examination of healthy pregnant women at 24-28 weeks' menstrual age. Four Doppler studies were conducted for each woman: 1 before oral administration of 100 g of glucose and 3 more at 1, 2, and 3 hours after glucose administration. The systolic-to-diastolic ratio was calculated for the umbilical artery, and the resistance index was calculated separately for the left and right uterine arteries. RESULTS: All results of oral glucose tolerance testing were normal, and Doppler signals were obtained in all 30 patients enrolled. No abnormal systolic-to-diastolic ratios or resistance indices were detected in any of the examinations. No significant differences in waveforms or resistance indices between the right and left uterine arteries were found during the various testing intervals. CONCLUSIONS: Acute hyperglycemia induced in healthy pregnant women does not affect blood flow velocimetric characteristics in the umbilical or uterine arteries at any stage of oral glucose tolerance testing.
Associations between the levels of soluble (pro)renin receptor in maternal and umbilical cord blood and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: The prorenin (PR) receptor [(P)RR] contributes to the regulation of the tissue renin-angiotensin system (RAS) and Wnt signaling, which is involved in embryogenesis and the pathological progression of malignant tumors and diabetes mellitus. Placental (P)RR is significantly upregulated in placental tissues from preeclamptic women. However, because it cannot be examined during pregnancy, the chronological relationship between the acceleration of tissue RAS and the disease state of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) has not been reported. In this study, we examined whether chronological changes in placental tissue RAS can be assessed by measuring soluble (P)RR [s(P)RR]. METHODS: We obtained maternal and umbilical cord blood samples from 517 pregnant women (441 singleton and 76 twin pregnancies). The concentrations of s(P)RR and prorenin (PR) were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays. RESULTS: Multivariate analysis showed that maternal serum s(P)RR levels were significantly higher in patients with HDP or fetal growth restriction (FGR) and were positively correlated with serum PR levels. Furthermore, the maternal s(P)RR level was significantly higher in HDP with severe hypertension and after the onset of HDP. However, maternal s(P)RR levels were not affected by the severity of proteinuria. Serum s(P)RR levels in umbilical cord blood of singleton pregnancies were significantly correlated with gestational week at delivery and PR level. DISCUSSION: Maternal serum s(P)RR concentrations may reflect acceleration of tissue RAS in the placenta and blood pressure severity; however, the umbilical serum s(P)RR concentration was not affected by maternal HDP.
Cardiovascular function during triplet pregnancy.; Pregnancy is recognized as a natural physiological stressor to the maternal cardiovascular system. Cardiovascular adaptation is markedly greater in twin pregnancy compared with singleton pregnancy; however, these changes are sparsely documented in triplet pregnancy. The aim of this case series was to compare maternal cardiac function, cardioautonomic regulation, and blood pressure reactivity in healthy singleton, twin, and triplet pregnancies. Resting cardiac structure and function (echocardiography), beat-by-beat blood pressure variability (BPV; photoplethysmography), and heart rate variability (HRV; electrocardiogram) were measured in two triplet, three twin, and three singleton pregnancies (matched for maternal age, prepregnancy body mass index, and gestational age). Hemodynamic responses to a 3-min cold pressor test were also recorded to assess blood pressure reactivity. Due to the small sample size of this case series, statistical comparisons were not made between groups. Compared with singleton and twin pregnancies, individuals pregnant with triplets had greater resting cardiac output but lower cardiac deformation (longitudinal strain, basal circumferential strain, and torsion), sympathetic dominance in cardioautonomic regulation (lower HRV and higher BPV), and elevated blood pressure reactivity in response to the cold pressor test. Taken together, these observations suggest that females with triplet pregnancies may have reduced cardiovascular function, which may contribute to the heightened risk of complications in multifetal pregnancies.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Individuals with healthy triplet pregnancies had greater resting cardiac output but lower left ventricular mechanics when compared with singleton and twin pregnancies matched for gestational age. In addition, triplet pregnancies had greater blood pressure variability and lower overall heart rate variability compared with singleton pregnancies, as well as greater blood pressure reactivity to the cold pressor test. Healthy triplet pregnancies may have reduced cardiovascular function as well as a greater sympathetic contribution to cardiac control.
A Case Series on Critically Ill Pregnant or Newly Delivered Patients with Covid-19, Treated at Karolinska University Hospital, Stockholm.; In this retrospective report, we present five cases of critically ill pregnant or newly delivered women positive for Covid-19 admitted to our obstetrical departments at Karolinska University Hospital. They compose 6% of eighty-three pregnant women that tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 during the period March 25 to May 4, 2020. Three patients were at the time of admission in gestational week between 21 + 4 and 22 + 5 and treated during their antenatal period; meanwhile, the other two were admitted within 1 week postpartum. All of them were in need of intensive care: one was treated with high flow oxygen therapy, the other four with invasive mechanical ventilation (three with endotracheal intubation and one with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation). Age above thirty, overweight, and gestational diabetes are notable factors in the cases presented. At the time of admission, they all presented with symptoms such as fever, cough, and dyspnea. Chest imaging with computer tomography scan was performed in each case and demonstrated multifocal pneumonic infiltrates in all of them, but no pulmonary embolism was confirmed in any. Neither did the echocardiogram indicate any cardiomyopathy. Four of the patients have been discharged from the hospital, with an average of 20 hospital days. One antenatal pregnant woman needed prolonged ECMO therapy; in gestational week 27 + 3, she went into cardiac arrest, resulting in an urgent C-section on maternal indication. At the time of writing, she is still hospitalized. In coherence with other published reports, our cases indicate that critically ill pregnant women infected by SARS-Cov-2 may develop severe respiratory distress syndrome requiring prolonged intensive care. The material is limited for conclusions to be made; more detailed information on symptoms, treatment, and outcomes for pregnant and postpartum women managed in intensive care is therefore needed.
Can pancreatic cancer be detected by adrenomedullin in patients with new-onset diabetes? The PaCANOD cohort study protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Pancreatic cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related death. Its diagnosis is often delayed and patients are frequently found to have unresectable disease. Patients diagnosed with new-onset diabetes have an 8-fold risk of harboring pancreatic cancer. Adrenomedullin has been claimed to mediate diabetes in pancreatic cancer. New screening tools are needed to develop an early diagnosis protocol. METHODS: Patients aged 45-75 years within 2 years of first fulfilling the ADA criteria for diabetes will be prospectively enrolled in this study. Sepsis, renal failure, microangiopathy, pregnancy, acute heart failure and previous malignancies will be considered as exclusion criteria. RESULTS: 440 patients diagnosed with new-onset diabetes will be enrolled and divided into 2 groups: one with high adrenomedullin levels and one with low adrenomedullin levels. Patients will undergo 3 years' follow-up to detect pancreatic cancer development. CONCLUSIONS: Identifying a marker for pancreatic cancer among high-risk patients such as new-onset diabetics might lead to the identification of a subpopulation needing to be screened in order to enable early diagnosis and treatment of a highly lethal tumor. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov on May 25, 2015 under registration number NCT02456051.
The Association of Hemoglobin A1c and Fasting Glucose Levels with hs-CRP in Adults Not Diagnosed with Diabetes from the KNHANES, 2017.; PURPOSE: High sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) has been used as a biomarker to assess the risk of cardiovascular accidents (CVA) and to measure general inflammation in the body. This study investigated the relationship and extent of correlation between serum glucose level markers and hs-CRP as a means to assess CVA risk through hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and fasting glucose levels. METHODS: This cross-sectional, population-based study used data from the 2017 Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES). From the total sample of 8,127 people, 4,590 subjects were excluded due to age (<19 years) (n = 1,505), diabetes mellitus (DM) diagnosis or medication (n = 596), inactivity (n = 424), pregnancy (n = 17), hypoglycemia (<70 mg/dL) (n = 8), smoking history (n = 1,077), and missing data (n = 963). In total, 3,537 adults not diagnosed with diabetes were selected. Their hs-CRP levels were compared with the glucose level markers using a complex sample general linear regression analysis. RESULTS: We adjusted for sedentary hours, smoking, binge drinking frequency, age, sex, mean SBP, triglycerides, and waist circumference. Increases in HbA1c correlated with hs-CRP levels (B coefficient (95%CI) = 0.185, p = 0.001, and R (2) = 0.087). Changes in the fasting glucose levels were also associated with the hs-CRP levels (B coefficient (95%CI) = 0.005, p = 0.006, and R (2) = 0.086). CONCLUSION: This study showed a linear association between HbA1c and fasting glucose levels and hs-CRP. It also showed that changes in the hs-CRP level were better correlated with those in the HbA1c levels than in the fasting glucose levels.
Systematic review: Impact of resveratrol exposure during pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes in animal models of human pregnancy complications-Are we ready for the clinic?; Resveratrol (RSV) has been reported to have potential beneficial effects in the complicated pregnancy. Various pregnancy complications lead to a suboptimal in utero environment that impacts fetal growth during critical windows of development. Detrimental structural changes to key organ systems in utero persist into adult life and predispose offspring to an increased risk of chronic non-communicable metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. The aim of this systematic review was to determine the effect of gestational RSV exposure on both maternal and fetal outcomes. Publicly available databases (n = 8) were searched for original studies reporting maternal and/or fetal outcomes after RSV exposure during pregnancy irrespective of species. Of the 115 studies screened, 31 studies were included in this review. RSV exposure occurred for different durations across a range of species (Rats n = 18, Mice n = 7, Japanese Macaques n = 3 and Sheep n = 3), models of complicated pregnancy (eg. maternal dietary manipulations, gestational diabetes, maternal hypoxia, teratogen exposure, etc.), dosages and administration routes. Maternal and fetal outcomes differed not only based on the model of complicated pregnancy assessed but also as a result of species. Given the heterogenic nature of these studies, further investigation assessing RSV exposure during the complicated pregnancy is warranted. In order to make an informed decision regarding the use of RSV to intervene in pregnancy complications, we suggest a minimum data set for consideration in future studies.
Maternal and fetal factors affecting cord plasma leptin and adiponectin levels and their ratio in preterm and term newborns: New insight on fetal origins of metabolic dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: Understanding of maternal and fetal factors affecting leptin, adiponectin, and adiponectin:leptin ratio at birth may provide valuable insights into potential future risk of metabolic alterations and inform primordial prevention and precision nutrition strategies. The objective of this study is to identify maternal and fetal risk factors that affect leptin and adiponectin levels (markers of adiposity) and adiponectin/leptin ratio (a marker of dysfunctional adipose tissue) at birth. METHODS: We studied mother-infant pairs in the Boston Birth Cohort. Cord blood was collected at birth. We used student t- tests to compare log normalized cord leptin and adiponectin levels. Regression analysis was performed to examine the association of maternal and fetal factors with leptin and adiponectin levels and adiponectin:leptin ratio at birth in both term and preterm infants. RESULTS: We analyzed 1012 infants (245 preterm). Both cord leptin and adiponectin were higher in term infants than preterm infants (10.2 ± 0.9 vs. 9.2 ± 1.3, P < 0.0001 and 9.5 ± 0.7 vs. 8.9 ± 0.8, P < 0.0001, respectively). Cord leptin was higher for Black infants (10.1 ± 1.1 vs. 9.9 ± 1.2; P < 0.001) although Black (ref: non-Black) infants had lower cord adiponectin levels (9.3 ± 0.8 vs. 9.5 ± 0.7; P = 0.01). Ratio of adiponectin to leptin (log normalized) was higher in preterm infants (-0.24) vs. term infants (-0.69). On regression analysis, cord leptin was positively associated with longer gestational age (GA), birth weight z score, Black race, maternal overweight and obesity, gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes mellitus and negatively associated with male sex. Cord adiponectin was positively associated with GA, birth weight z score and negatively with Black race and male sex. Adiponectin:leptin ratio was positively with male sex and negatively with GA, birth weight z score, Black race, gestational DM, pregestational DM and maternal overweight and obesity. CONCLUSIONS: We identified several factors that affect leptin and adiponectin levels along with adiponectin-leptin ratio at birth beyond GA and birth weight which could also play an important role in influencing the trajectory of these hormones and future cardiometabolic outcomes. This knowledge can help tailor precision nutrition interventions.
Maternal health issues and cardio-metabolic outcomes in the offspring: a focus on Indigenous populations.; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) including diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease are the leading causes of death worldwide. Indigenous populations are disproportionally affected. In an effort to halt the increasing disease burden, the mechanisms underlying the increasing rate of NCDs are an important area of study. Recent evidence has focused on the perinatal period as an influential period impacting the future cardio-metabolic health of the offspring. This concept has been defined as metabolic foetal programming and supports the importance of the developmental origins of health and disease in research and clinical practice, specifically in prevention efforts to protect future generations from NCDs. An understanding of the underlying mechanisms involved is not clear as of yet. However, an understanding of these mechanisms is imperative in order to plan effective intervention strategies. As much of the discussion below is gleaned from large epidemiological studies and animal studies, further research with prospective cohorts is necessary.
Fetal origins of cardiovascular disease.; Low birthweight, thinness and short body length at birth are now known to be associated with increased rates of cardiovascular disease and non-insulin dependent diabetes in adult life. The fetal origins hypothesis proposes that these diseases originate through adaptations which the fetus makes when it is undernourished. These adaptations may be cardiovascular, metabolic or endocrine. They permanently change the structure and function of the body. Prevention of the diseases may depend on prevention of imbalances in fetal growth or imbalances between prenatal and postnatal growth, or imbalances in nutrient supply to the fetus.
National prevalence of vision impairment and blindness and associated risk factors in adults aged 40 years and older with known or undiagnosed diabetes: results from the SMART-India cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: National estimates of the prevalence of vision impairment and blindness in people with diabetes are required to inform resource allocation. People with diabetes are more susceptible to conditions such as diabetic retinopathy that can impair vision; however, these are often missed in national studies. This study aims to determine the prevalence and risk factors of vision impairment and blindness in people with diabetes in India. METHODS: Data from the SMART-India study, a cross-sectional survey with national coverage of 42 147 Indian adults aged 40 years and older, collected using a complex sampling design, were used to obtain nationally representative estimates for the prevalence of vision impairment and blindness in people with diabetes in India. Vulnerable adults (primarily those who did not have capacity to provide consent); pregnant and breastfeeding women; anyone deemed too ill to be screened; those who did not provide consent; and people with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, or secondary diabetes were excluded from the study. Vision impairment was defined as presenting visual acuity of 0·4 logMAR or higher and blindness as presenting a visual acuity of 1·0 logMAR or higher in the better-seeing eye. Demographic, anthropometric, and laboratory data along with geographic distribution were analysed in all participants with available data. Non-mydriatic retinal images were used to grade diabetic retinopathy, and risk factors were also assessed. FINDINGS: A total of 7910 people with diabetes were included in the analysis, of whom 5689 had known diabetes and 2221 were undiagnosed. 4387 (55·5%) of 7909 participants with available sex data were female and 3522 (44·5%) participants were male. The estimated national prevalence of vision impairment was 21·1% (95% CI 15·7-27·7) and blindness 2·4% (1·7-3·4). A higher prevalence of any vision impairment (29·2% vs 19·6%; p=0·016) and blindness (6·7% vs 1·6%; p<0·0001) was observed in those with ungradable images. In known diabetes, diabetic retinopathy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 3·06 [95% CI 1·25-7·51]), vision-threatening diabetic retinopathy (aOR 7·21 [3·52-14·75]), and diabetic macular oedema (aOR 5·41 [2·20-13·33]) were associated with blindness in adjusted analysis. Common sociodemographic risk factors for vision impairment and blindness include older age, lower educational attainment, and unemployment. INTERPRETATION: Based on the estimated 101 million people with diabetes in 2021 and the interpretation of the data from this study, approximately 21 million people with diabetes have vision impairment in India, of whom 2·4 million are blind. Higher prevalence is observed in those from lower socio-economic strata and policy makers should focus on these groups to reduce inequalities in health care. FUNDING: Global Challenge Research Fund of United Kingdom Research and Innovation through the Medical Research Council.
Effect of maternal chronic disease on obstetric complications in twin pregnancies in a United States cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of maternal chronic disease on obstetric complications among twin pregnancies. DESIGN: Multicenter, retrospective, observational study. SETTING: Clinical centers (19 hospitals). PATIENT(S): Twin pregnancies (n = 4,821) delivered ≥ 23 weeks of gestation and classified by maternal chronic disease (either none or any of the following: asthma, depression, hypertension, diabetes, and heart, thyroid, gastrointestinal or renal disease). INTERVENTION(S): None. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Gestational age at delivery, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, placenta previa, hemorrhage, chorioamnionitis, maternal postpartum fever, premature rupture of membranes, labor onset (spontaneous vs. nonspontaneous), route of delivery, and maternal admission to intensive care unit. RESULT(S): Women with chronic disease delivered earlier (mean gestational length, 34.1 vs. 34.6 weeks) and were less likely to have term birth (risk ratio 0.80; 95% confidence interval 0.70-0.90). Cesarean delivery after spontaneous labor (risk ratio 1.20; 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.37) was also increased with chronic disease. No statistically significant effects were observed for other complications studied. Women who used assisted reproductive technology were more likely to hemorrhage, independent of chronic disease, but other findings were generally similar to the non-assisted reproductive technology sample. CONCLUSION(S): Chronic disease was associated with additional risk of earlier delivery and cesarean section after spontaneous labor in a nationwide sample of US twin pregnancies.
[Pregnancy care in women older than 40 years and after egg donation].; Pregnancies in older women are increasing. These women often have comorbidities. These pregnancies, spontaneous, after IVF or egg donation are at high risk of complications, particularly hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, low birth weight, and delivery by cesarean section. Women with Turner syndrome can conceive only by egg donation and are at very high risk of cardiovascular complications. Screening of these comorbidities and pregnancy care by maternal-fetal medicine specialists, with pluridisciplinary collaboration, are mandatory. Delivery in a tertiary care center able to offer optimal care to the mothers and their newborns is recommended.
Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in the United States, 2005-2008.; CONTEXT: The prevalence of diabetes in the United States has increased. People with diabetes are at risk for diabetic retinopathy. No recent national population-based estimate of the prevalence and severity of diabetic retinopathy exists. OBJECTIVES: To describe the prevalence and risk factors of diabetic retinopathy among US adults with diabetes aged 40 years and older. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Analysis of a cross-sectional, nationally representative sample of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2005-2008 (N = 1006). Diabetes was defined as a self-report of a previous diagnosis of the disease (excluding gestational diabetes mellitus) or glycated hemoglobin A(1c) of 6.5% or greater. Two fundus photographs were taken of each eye with a digital nonmydriatic camera and were graded using the Airlie House classification scheme and the Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study severity scale. Prevalence estimates were weighted to represent the civilian, noninstitutionalized US population aged 40 years and older. MAIN OUTCOME MEASUREMENTS: Diabetic retinopathy and vision-threatening diabetic retinopathy. RESULTS: The estimated prevalence of diabetic retinopathy and vision-threatening diabetic retinopathy was 28.5% (95% confidence interval [CI], 24.9%-32.5%) and 4.4% (95% CI, 3.5%-5.7%) among US adults with diabetes, respectively. Diabetic retinopathy was slightly more prevalent among men than women with diabetes (31.6%; 95% CI, 26.8%-36.8%; vs 25.7%; 95% CI, 21.7%-30.1%; P = .04). Non-Hispanic black individuals had a higher crude prevalence than non-Hispanic white individuals of diabetic retinopathy (38.8%; 95% CI, 31.9%-46.1%; vs 26.4%; 95% CI, 21.4%-32.2%; P = .01) and vision-threatening diabetic retinopathy (9.3%; 95% CI, 5.9%-14.4%; vs 3.2%; 95% CI, 2.0%-5.1%; P = .01). Male sex was independently associated with the presence of diabetic retinopathy (odds ratio [OR], 2.07; 95% CI, 1.39-3.10), as well as higher hemoglobin A(1c) level (OR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.20-1.75), longer duration of diabetes (OR, 1.06 per year duration; 95% CI, 1.03-1.10), insulin use (OR, 3.23; 95% CI, 1.99-5.26), and higher systolic blood pressure (OR, 1.03 per mm Hg; 95% CI, 1.02-1.03). CONCLUSION: In a nationally representative sample of US adults with diabetes aged 40 years and older, the prevalence of diabetic retinopathy and vision-threatening diabetic retinopathy was high, especially among Non-Hispanic black individuals.
Peripartum myocardial ischemia: a review of Canadian deliveries from 1970 to 1998.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the incidence of peripartum myocardial ischemia in Canada. STUDY DESIGN: We identified the cohort of women who were admitted to Canadian hospitals for delivery between 1970 and 1998 to calculate the incidence rate and to evaluate potential risk factors. RESULTS: One hundred fourteen of 10,032,375 women delivered in Canadian hospitals between 1970 and 1998 had peripartum myocardial ischemia recorded as a discharge diagnosis. The overall crude incidence rate was 1.1 (95% confidence interval 0.93, 1.37) women with peripartum myocardial ischemia per 100,000 women delivering per year as noted in the Canadian Hospital Morbidity database. Rates did not increase over time but increased with maternal age. Identified risk factors were diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, and chronic heart disease. The case fatality rate among women with the disease was 1.8%. CONCLUSION: The incidence of peripartum myocardial ischemia did not increase between 1970 and 1998 in Canada, despite an aging cohort with more prevalent medical comorbidities. Maternal mortality from this event is lower than previously described.
Hypertensive pregnancy disorders as a risk factor for future cardiovascular and metabolic disorders (Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study).; BACKGROUND: Although hypertensive pregnancy disorders (HPD) are common worldwide, there is no consensus regarding their long-term cardiovascular and metabolic consequences. We aimed to ascertain the association between HPD and the development of cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances later in life. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A cohort of 226 women with a history of HPD was selected as the case group, and a group of 226 age- and body-mass-index-matched women, with no history of HPD, was selected as controls. Both groups were selected from among participants of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study and were compared for concentrations of metabolic parameters and incidence of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and dyslipidemia over a follow up of 10 years. RESULTS: Women with a history of HPD, compared with age- and body-mass-index-matched women without such a history, had an increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders, including a twofold increased risk for hypertension (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.4-3.2), a threefold increased risk for T2DM (95% CI: 1.8-5.2) and a 1.3-fold increased risk for dyslipidemia (95% CI: 1.2-1.5). CONCLUSIONS: Women with a history of hypertension in pregnancy are at increased risk for subsequent diagnosis of hypertension, dyslipidemia and T2DM later in life. These women may benefit from close monitoring and timely implementation of primary prevention measures of cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors and lifestyle modifications.
The influence of birth outcomes and pregnancy complications on interpregnancy interval: a quantile regression analysis.; PURPOSE: To ascertain whether adverse pregnancy outcomes at first pregnancy influence subsequent interpregnancy intervals (IPIs) and whether the size of this effect varies with IPI distribution METHODS: We included 251,892 mothers who gave birth to their first two singletons in Western Australia, from 1980 to 2015. Using quantile regression, we investigated whether gestational diabetes, hypertension, or preeclampsia in the first pregnancy influenced IPI to subsequent pregnancy and whether effects were consistent across the IPI distribution. We considered intervals at the 25th centile of the distribution as 'short' and the 75th centile as 'long'. RESULTS: The average IPI was 26.6 mo. It was 0.56 mo (95% CI: 0.25-0.88 mo) and 1.12 mo (95% CI: 0.56 - 1.68 mo) longer after preeclampsia, and gestational hypertension respectively. There was insufficient evidence to suggest that the association between previous pregnancy complications and IPI differed by the extent of the interval. However, associations with marital status, race/ethnicity and stillbirth contributed to either shortening or prolonging IPIs differently across the distribution of IPI. CONCLUSION: Mothers with preeclampsia and gestational hypertension had slightly longer subsequent IPIs than mothers whose pregnancies were not complicated by these conditions. However, the extent of the delay was small (<2 mo).
Fetal auditory evoked responses to onset of amplitude modulated sounds. A fetal magnetoencephalography (fMEG) study.; The human fetal auditory system is functional around the 25th week of gestational age when the thalamocortical connections are established. Fetal magnetoencephalography (fMEG) provides evidence for fetal auditory brain responses to pure tones and syllables. Fifty-five pregnant women between 31 and 40 weeks of gestation were included in the study. Fetal MEG was recorded during the presentation of an amplitude modulated tone (AM) with a carrier frequency of 500 Hz to the maternal abdomen modulated by low modulation rates (MRs) - 2/s and 4/s, middle MR - 8/s and high MRs - 27/s, 42/s, 78/s and 91/s. The aim was to determine whether the fetal brain responds differently to envelope slopes and intensity change at the onset of the AM sounds. A significant decrease of the response latencies of transient event-related responses (ERR) to high and middle MRs in comparison to the low MRs was observed. The highest fetal response rate was achieved by modulation rates of 2/s, 4/s and 27/s (70%, 57%, and 86%, respectively). Additionally, a maturation effect of the ERR (response latency vs. gestational age) was observed only for 4/s MR. The significant difference between the response latencies to low, middle, and high MRs suggests that still before birth the fetal brain processes the sound slopes at the onset in different integration time-windows, depending on the time for the intensity increase or stimulus power density at the onset, which is a prerequisite for language acquisition.
A 20-year population study of peripartum cardiomyopathy.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: The epidemiology of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) in Europe is poorly understood and data on long-term outcomes are lacking. A retrospective, observational, population-level study of validated cases of PPCM in Scotland from 1998 to 2017 was conducted. METHODS: Women hospitalized with presumed de novo left ventricular systolic dysfunction around the time of pregnancy and no clear alternative cause were included. Each case was matched to 10 controls. Incidence and risk factors were identified. Morbidity and mortality were examined in mothers and children. RESULTS: The incidence of PPCM was 1 in 4950 deliveries. Among 225 women with PPCM, obesity, gestational hypertensive disorders, and multi-gestation were found to be associated with having the condition. Over a median of 8.3 years (9.7 years for echocardiographic outcomes), 8% of women with PPCM died and 75% were rehospitalized for any cause at least once. Mortality and rehospitalization rates in women with PPCM were ∼12- and ∼3-times that of controls, respectively. The composite of all-cause death, mechanical circulatory support, or cardiac transplantation occurred in 14%. LV recovery occurred in 76% and, of those who recovered, 13% went on to have a decline in LV systolic function despite initial recovery. The mortality rate for children born to women with PPCM was ∼5-times that of children born to controls and they had an ∼3-times greater incidence of cardiovascular disease over a median of 8.8 years. CONCLUSIONS: PPCM affected 1 in 4950 women around the time of pregnancy. The condition is associated with considerable morbidity and mortality for the mother and child. There should be a low threshold for investigating at-risk women. Long term follow-up, despite apparent recovery, should be considered.
Pregnancy outcomes amongst adolescents/young adults at tertiary-care hospital in a low-middle-income country: Ten-year retrospective record review.; OBJECTIVE: Adolescent pregnancies are known to be associated with adverse outcomes. Our objective was to compare pregnancy outcomes amongst adolescents (young adolescents YA: 15-17 years; older adolescents OA: 18- 19 years) and young adults (20 to 25 years). METHODS: Study was conducted at the Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi. Ten-year retrospective record review was done through convenience sampling. Data was collected on predesigned proforma. Participants were 396 primiparous adolescents (15-19 years) with singleton low-risk pregnancy. Reference-group included 410 primiparous, low-risk, young adults. Pregnancies complicated with preexisting diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, renal disorders or cardiac diseases were excluded. Maternal /neonatal outcomes were compared amongst groups. RESULTS: Out of 806 charts reviewed, 75 (9.3%) were YA, 321 (39.8%) were OA and 410 (50.9%) were 20-25 years old young adults. Most of the un-booked cases were in young adolescents; 17 (22.7% YA), 41 (12.8% OA) and 33 (8.0% reference -group) (p-value 0.001). This group also booked at a later gestational age; YA (19.6±10.4 weeks), OA (17.2±9.3 weeks) and controls (15.5n±8.8 weeks) (p-value 0.002). Gestational age at delivery was not significantly different among the groups. Adolescents had a decreased likelihood of Caesarian section with youngest group having 29% less chance of Caesarian delivery (OR 95% CI 0.41, 0.2) compared to women of 20-25 years of age. Difference in maternal/neonatal outcomes remained insignificant between groups at univariate and multivariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal/neonatal outcomes in adolescents were comparable to young adults. Good antenatal care, evidence-based protocols and strong family backing may reduce risks to mothers/babies in adolescent pregnancies.
Periodontal and general health: clinical recommendations.; The purpose of Linking Research to Clinical Practice is to present evidence based information to clinical dental hygienists so that they can make informed decisions regarding patient treatment and recommendations. Each issue will feature a different topic area of importance to clinical dental hygienists with A BOTTOM LINE to translate the research findings into clinical application.
Inverse association of prepregnancy systolic blood pressure and live birth rate in normotensive women undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection.; OBJECTIVE: To explore whether maternal baseline systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) affect pregnancy outcomes particularly in normotensive women (SBP, 90-139 mm Hg; DBP, 60-89 mm Hg) and hypertensive women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) or intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI). DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Maximum care hospital for reproductive medicine. PATIENT(S): This study included 73,462 patients who underwent IVF/ICSI at the Reproductive and Genetic Hospital of CITIC-Xiangya between January 1, 2016, and November 30, 2020, selected on the basis of pre-established criteria. Analysis was limited to the first transfer cycle of the first stimulation cycle. INTERVENTION: Baseline SBP and DBP. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): The primary outcome focused on the live birth rate (LBR), with the secondary outcomes including clinical pregnancy rate, ectopic pregnancy rate, first-trimester miscarriage rate, second- or third-trimester fetal loss, and delivery/neonatal/maternal outcomes. Analytic methods included Poisson regression, linear regression, linear mixed-effect model, and restricted cubic spline analysis as appropriate. RESULT(S): For normotensive women, a 10-mm Hg increase in SBP was associated with an adjusted relative risk of 0.988 (95% confidence interval, 0.981-0.995) for live birth likelihood. However, DBP was not significantly associated with LBR after adjustments. The secondary outcomes indicated that increases in SBP and DBP were associated with higher risks of first-trimester miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational hypertension in the normotensive subset. Sensitivity analyses confirmed these associations between SBP/DBP and LBR, consistent with the main findings even under stricter guidelines and after adjusting for multiple confounders. Subgroup analyses showed variation in the impact of blood pressure on LBR across different demographics and conditions. Consistent with earlier studies on blood pressure and birth outcomes, we found a 10-mm Hg increase in SBP was associated with a 5.4% (adjusted relative risk per 10 mm Hg, 0.946; 95% confidence interval, 0.907-0.986) reduction in LBR in the hypertensive subgroup. CONCLUSION(S): Systolic blood pressure impacted LBR outcomes in normotensive women who underwent IVF/ICSI, which suggests the need for reconsidering blood pressure management guidelines for reproductive-age women, focusing on reproductive health in addition to cardiovascular risk.
Maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes, a national population study.; Pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes is associated with poor maternal and neonatal outcomes. However, the risk of these outcomes has never been evaluated in an Asian national population. In this work, we report the maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes in Taiwan. A total of 2,350,339 pregnancy records created between 2001 and 2012 were obtained from the National Health Insurance database and analyzed. Here, 630 pregnancy records were identified in women having type 1 diabetes. Compared with pregnant women without type 1 diabetes, pregnant women with the disease showed increased risk of multiple adverse outcomes, including preeclampsia, eclampsia, cesarean delivery, adult respiratory distress syndrome, pulmonary edema, sepsis, chorioamnionitis, pregnancy-related hypertension, puerperal cerebrovascular disorders, acute renal failure, and shock. Fetuses of type 1 diabetic mothers were at increased risk of stillbirth, premature birth, large for gestational age, low birth weight, and low Apgar score. Of the studied endpoints, only preeclampsia showed an improvement in the late period (2011-2012) when compared with the early period (2001-2010). These findings reveal that pregnant women with type 1 diabetes are at significantly increased risk of developing many adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Therefore, pregnancy outcomes in women with type 1 diabetes should be improved.
[Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes].; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (3-6 times compared to non-diabetic women) than diabetic men (2-3 times compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
[Contribution of Doppler in fetal prognosis].; Uteroplacental and cerebral artery velocimetry is a predictive factor in the outcome of many high-risk pregnancies. Positive predictive value is good for intrauterine growth retardation (complications due to preeclampsia, diabetes or twin pregnancy). Velocimetry is also a predictor of adverse outcome in small for gestational age fetuses and for oligohydramnios but not for anemic fetuses of isoimmune pregnancies or post-term pregnancies.
Nature and Nurture in the Early-Life Origins of Metabolic Syndrome.; The combination of genetic background together with food excess and lack of exercise has become the cornerstone of metabolic disorders associated to lifestyle. The scenario is furthermore reinforced by their interaction with other environmental factors (stress, sleeping patterns, education, culture, rural versus urban locations, and xenobiotics, among others) inducing epigenetic changes in the exposed individuals. The immediate consequence is the development of further alterations like obesity and metabolic syndrome, and other adverse health conditions (type-2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, cancer, reproductive, immune and neurological disorders). Thus, having in mind the impact of the metabolic syndrome on the worldwide public health, the present review affords the relative roles and the interrelationships of nature (genetic predisposition to metabolic syndrome) and nurture (lifestyle and environmental effects causing epigenetic changes), on the establishment of the metabolic disorders in women; disorders that may evolve to metabolic syndrome prior or during pregnancy and may be transmitted to their descendants.
Protective Effects of the Mediterranean Diet on Type 2 Diabetes and Metabolic Syndrome.; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditional Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of the MedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant 30% reduction in the risk of T2DM and that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet compared with other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect various metabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods that make up the plant-based MedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic pathways that lead to MetS and T2DM, as well as other chronic conditions. Abundant epidemiologic and clinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS.
Diabetic retinopathy for general practitioners.; The most significant complication of diabetes mellitus involves the eye and which develops 85% of all diabetics eventually to retinopathy. Diabetic retinopathy is the commonest cause of blindness between 4th and 7th decades. It is essentially a microangiopathy with two distinct stages during its evolution, the preclinical and clinical stages. Diabetic maculopathy is the commonest cause of visual loss in diabetics. Progression of the diseases can be retarded by early diagnosis and using appropriate measures. Well known risk factors are diabetes age, metabolic control of hypertension, associated renal disease and pregnancy. The management plan of the secondary level is early diagnosis and laser photocoagulation or surgical intervention. Vitreoretinal surgery is certainly of benefit in patients with advanced diabetic eye disease. The PROMPT factors can be applied to decrease diabetes mellitus related blindness.
Perinatal risk factors for diabetes in later life.; OBJECTIVE: Low birth weight is consistently associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood, but the individual contributions from poor fetal growth and preterm birth are not known. We therefore investigated the significance of these two factors separately. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We identified a cohort of subjects born preterm or with low birth weight at term at four major delivery units in Sweden from 1925 through 1949. A comparison cohort of subjects was identified from the same source population. Of 6,425 subjects in all, 2,931 were born at <37 weeks of gestation and 2,176 had a birth weight <2,500 g. Disease occurrence among participants was assessed through nationwide hospital registers from 1987 through 2006. RESULTS: During follow-up, there were 508 cases of diabetes. Low birth weight was strongly negatively associated with risk of diabetes (P for trend <0.0001). Both short gestational duration and poor fetal growth were associated with later diabetes (P for trend <0.0001 and <0.0004, respectively). Very preterm birth (< or =32 weeks of gestation at birth) was associated with a hazard ratio (HR) of 1.67 (95% CI 1.33-2.11) compared with term birth. Birth weights below 2 SDs of mean birth weight for gestational age were associated with an HR of 1.76 (1.30-2.38) compared with birth weights between the mean weight and the weight at 1 SD above the mean. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that the association between low birth weight and diabetes is due to factors associated with both poor fetal growth and short gestational age.
Obstetric and prenatal outcome in menopausal women: a 12-year clinical study.; The obstetric and prenatal outcome in post-menopausal women of advanced age in an oocyte donation programme is described in this paper, the oldest being aged 63 years. A total of 2729 candidates were visited up to November 2000. Only 1150 (42%) were accepted, with 1579 being rejected during a rigorous selection procedure. Several excluding clinical conditions were noted, including hypertension of varying severity, cardiovascular disease, smoking, dysfunctions of the hepatic, thyroid and renal systems and diabetes. Overall, 489 (38%) clinical pregnancies were established in 1288 recipient cycles, with 390 healthy babies delivered out of 363 pregnancies (28%), while 126 (25.7%) were lost. In all, 327 (90%) of the pregnancies reached full term, with 36 involving premature deliveries, 24 involving multiple gestation, 21 sets of twins, three sets of triplets (0.9%) and no quadruplets. Antenatal complications arising in 86 patients (23.6% of deliveries) included 33 preterm deliveries, 43 cases of gestational hypertension, four cases of pre-eclampsia, three cases of gestational diabetes and three of abruptio placentae. A total of 272 (75%) of all deliveries were by Caesarean section. Neonatal complications included two cases of growth retardation. There were no neonatal or maternal deaths. The 63-year-old woman reached full term pregnancy in July 1994, with delivery by Caesarean section of a boy in good health. Proper screening for risks has enabled this treatment to be given to a preselected group of patients.
Metformin for diabetes prevention: update of the evidence base.; We have conducted a narrative review based on a structured search strategy, focusing on the effects of metformin on the progression of non-diabetic hyperglycemia to clinical type 2 diabetes mellitus. The principal trials that demonstrated a significantly lower incidence of diabetes in at-risk populations randomized to metformin (mostly with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) were published mainly from 1999 to 2012. Metformin reduced the 3-year risk of diabetes by -31% in the randomized phase of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP), vs. -58% for intensive lifestyle intervention (ILI). Metformin was most effective in younger, heavier subjects. Diminishing but still significant reductions in diabetes risk for subjects originally randomized to these groups were present in the trial's epidemiological follow-up, the DPP Outcomes Study (DPPOS) at 10 years (-18 and -34%, respectively), 15 years (-18 and -27%), and 22 years (-18 and -25%). Long-term weight loss was also seen in both groups, with better maintenance under metformin. Subgroup analyses from the DPP/DPPOS have shed important light on the actions of metformin, including a greater effect in women with prior gestational diabetes, and a reduction in coronary artery calcium in men that might suggest a cardioprotective effect. Improvements in long-term clinical outcomes with metformin in people with non-diabetic hyperglycemia ("prediabetes") have yet to be demonstrated, but cardiovascular and microvascular benefits were seen for those in the DPPOS who did not vs. did develop diabetes. Multiple health economic analyses suggest that either metformin or ILI is cost-effective in a community setting. Long-term diabetes prevention with metformin is feasible and is supported in influential guidelines for selected groups of subjects. Future research will demonstrate whether intervention with metformin in people with non-diabetic hyperglycemia will improve long-term clinical outcomes.
Heart disease in infants of diabetic mothers.; Congenital anomalies occur more commonly in infants born to diabetic mothers, and cardiac defects predominate. Although respiratory problems are also frequently found in those infants, they need to be differentiated from cardiovascular problems that such patients may also have, which include cardiovascular maladaptation to extra-uterine life, congenital heart defects and hypertrophic septal cardiomyopathy. A high index of suspicion is required as the specific management may vary and digoxin, or inotropic agents which may be used in heart failure associated with structural heart defects are contraindicated if hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is present. This article reviews the epidemiology, pathophysiology, clinical presentation, prognosis and available diagnostic and therapeutic modalities. The need for antenatal fetal echocardiography in pregnant diabetic mothers is also reviewed, as well as the controversial role of maternal glycemic control in the prevention of these anomalies.
Cardiovascular disease family history and risk of pregnancy loss.; PURPOSE: To determine whether family history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a risk factor for pregnancy loss, given potential shared etiology, including vascular mechanisms involved in reproduction and placentation. METHODS: In a prospective study, first-degree family histories were self-reported before pregnancy among women with 1-2 previous losses. Women were followed for up to 6 menstrual cycles while attempting pregnancy and through pregnancy. Pregnancies were ascertained by urinary human chorionic gonadotropin and confirmed by ultrasound. Risk ratios and 95% confidence intervals for pregnancy loss were estimated using weighted Poisson regression models with robust standard errors adjusted for covariates including prepregnancy body mass index and sociodemographics. RESULTS: Of 1228 women enrolled, 742 had a clinically confirmed pregnancy, and of these, 18% experienced a clinical pregnancy loss. Forty six percent of women reported family history of CVD, diabetes, hypertension, or hypercholesterolemia/dyslipidemia. Family history of CVD was not associated with the risk of pregnancy loss overall (1.01; 95% confidence interval: 0.64, 1.59) or among women with 2 previous losses (1.05; 0.51, 2.17). Family history of hypertension was also not associated with pregnancy loss (0.98; 0.65, 1.46). CONCLUSIONS: Family history of CVD is not providing additional information helpful in determining the risk of subsequent pregnancy loss in an at-risk group.
Pregnancy outcomes among leukemia survivors: a population-based study on 14.5 million births.; PURPOSE: Leukemia is the most common cancer among children and young adults and an increasing number of affected patients can expect a full recovery and long-term survival. The study objective was to determine the prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women and to examine the maternal and fetal outcomes of this population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study on all births recorded in the Health - Care Cost and Utilization Project - Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 1999 and 2014. We measured the prevalence of leukemia survivors in pregnancy and performed multivariate logistic regression to calculate adjusted odds ratios for maternal and fetal outcomes among this group compared to a nonaffected one. RESULTS: Our cohort consisted of 14,513,587 births, of which 1,269 were to women with a history of leukemia or leukemia in remission, corresponding to a prevalence of 8.74 per 100,000 births. The prevalence rose steadily over the 16-year study period. Pregnant women who were leukemia survivors were more likely to experience gestational diabetes (OR 1.36, 95% CI 1.08-1.70), threatened preterm labor (1.50, 1.09-2.08), venous thromboembolism (4.40, 2.86-6.78), and to require blood transfusions (1.89, 1.24-2.88). Preterm deliveries (1.25, 1.02-1.54) and congenital anomalies (2.32, 1.39-3.86) among their newborns were also more common. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women has been steadily rising. While the disease may no longer be active during their pregnancy, leukemia survivors appeared to have increased risks of several adverse outcomes and as such, should be monitored closely in centers with access to specialized care.
Twenty-four-hour urine insulin as a measure of hyperinsulinaemia/insulin resistance before onset of pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate levels of 24-hour urine insulin excretion before the onset of pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension. DESIGN: Nested case-control study within the Calcium for Preeclampsia Prevention (CPEP) study cohort. SETTING: Five university medical centres in the United States. SAMPLE: Cases had developed pre-eclampsia (n= 70) or gestational hypertension (n= 142) in the absence of gestational diabetes. Controls (n= 429) had remained normotensive without gestational diabetes. METHODS: Subjects were required to have had an adequate baseline 24-hour urine collection prior to CPEP enrolment at 13-21 weeks. Controls were matched to cases by enrolment site and specimen storage time, without regard to gestational age or CPEP treatment. Adjusted mean 24-hour urine insulin excretion was, however, calculated using analysis of covariance, with adjustment models for pre-eclampsia considering body mass index, race and smoking status; and for gestational hypertension, gestational age at specimen collection, height, body mass index and smoking. Urine insulin was measured by radio-immunoassay. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Twenty-four-hour urine insulin excretion. RESULTS: Adjusted 24-hour urine insulin excretion at baseline (mean 17 weeks of gestation) was greater in women who developed pre-eclampsia than in normotensive controls (mean [SE]: 15.6 [1.5] vs 13.1 [1.2] x 10(3)microIU/24 hour, P= 0.06), but not in women who developed gestational hypertension (14.7 [0.9] vs 15.0 [0.6] x 10(3)microIU/24 hour, P= 0.79, in cases vs controls). Among women who developed pre-eclampsia, adjusted urine insulin excretion was greater than controls only in women with mild pre-eclampsia and not in severe pre-eclampsia (mild pre-eclampsia vs controls: 17.3 [2.0] vs 13.7 [1.6] x 10(3)microIU/24 hour, P= 0.04; severe pre-eclampsia vs controls: 12.3 [2.2] vs 11.5 [1.2], P= 0.69). CONCLUSION: The data suggest that early hyperinsulinaemia, a marker of insulin resistance, may predispose to mild pre-eclampsia.
Delivery room desaturations and bradycardia in the early postnatal period of healthy term neonates - a prospective observational study.; OBJECTIVE: It has been suggested that desaturations and bradycardia precede acute life-threatening events (ALTE) and that ALTE is more common in the delivery room than later in life. However, frequency, duration and severity of desaturations in the first hours of life and additional risk factors have not readily been studied. METHODS: Term neonates (n = 100) were monitored for the first two hours after birth by pulse oximetry. The impact of maternal and perinatal factors on the frequency and severity of desaturations (<85%) and bradycardia (<80/min) was evaluated. RESULTS: Desaturations were detected in 30%, prolonged desaturations in 25% of infants. Desaturations were observed significantly more often in infants born by planned Cesarean section (pCs) compared to other modes of delivery (pCs 20/49; others 10/51; p = .029). Desaturations were also more frequent in infants diagnosed with neonatal infection (NI) or infants born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM), although not significantly. No bradycardia <80/min was detected. CONCLUSIONS: In our collective 4% of healthy term neonates had prolonged, clinically relevant desaturations in the first hours after birth. The mode of delivery and maternal risk factors may increase the risk for these events. However, our cohort was too small to detect any ALTE or SIDS and determine potential risk factors for these events. Our data lay ground for a large-scale prospective trial to investigate whether the mode of delivery could be an indication for general pulse oximetry monitoring of newborn in the delivery room.
Kidney, limb and ophthalmic complications, and death in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and type 2 diabetes prescribed rivaroxaban or warfarin: an electronic health record analysis.; BACKGROUND: Patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) and type 2 diabetes are at risk of kidney, limb, and ophthalmic complications. We evaluated the rate of these complications and death in patients with NVAF and type 2 diabetes prescribed rivaroxaban or warfarin. METHODS: We analyzed Optum de-Identified electronic health record (EHR) data from 11/2010-12/2019. We included adults with NVAF and T2D newly initiated on rivaroxaban or warfarin with ≥12 months of prior EHR activity. Patients with another indication for anticoagulation, valve disease, history of end-stage renal disease, major adverse limb events (MALE), diabetic retinopathy or pregnancy were excluded. We evaluated the incidence rate of developing a composite outcome of >40% decrease in estimated glomerular filtration incidence rate (eGFR) from baseline, eGFR < 15 mL/minute/1.73 m2, need for dialysis or kidney transplant, MALE, diabetic retinopathy or death. Overlap weighting was used to balance baseline characteristics between cohorts while preserving sample size. Hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals were calculated using propensity score-overlap weighted Cox regression. RESULTS: We included 24,912 rivaroxaban and 58,270 warfarin users. The mean ± standard deviation (SD) CHA2DS2VASc score was 4.3 ± 1.5 and modified HASBLED score was 1.5 ± 0.8. Thirty percent of rivaroxaban patients were started on 15 mg once daily, with the rest prescribed 20 mg once daily. Warfarin patients had a mean time in therapeutic range of 47 ± 28%. Patients were followed for a mean of 2.89 ± 1.95 years. Rivaroxaban was associated with a reduced hazard of the composite outcome (HR = 0.93, 95%CI = 0.91-0.95; absolute risk reduction = 1.97 events per 1000 patient-years; number needed-to-treat = 51) versus warfarin. Rivaroxaban was also associated with significant reductions in the relative hazard of > 40% decrease in eGFR from baseline (HR = 0.96), need for dialysis or renal transplant (HR = 0.81), and limb revascularization or major amputation (HR = 0.85). Death occurred at a lower incidence rate with rivaroxaban (HR = 0.92, 95%CI = 0.89-0.95). CONCLUSIONS: Rivaroxaban was associated with reduced incidence rates of kidney and limb complications, and death in NVAF patients with type 2 diabetes compared to warfarin. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04509193.
Early-life exposures and long-term health: adverse gestational environments and the programming of offspring renal and vascular disease.; According to the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis, exposure to certain environmental influences during early life may be a key determinant of fetal development and short- and long-term offspring health. Indeed, adverse conditions encountered during the fetal, perinatal, and early childhood stages can alter normal development and growth, as well as put the offspring at elevated risk of developing long-term health conditions in adulthood, including chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular diseases. Of relevance in understanding the mechanistic basis of these long-term health conditions are previous findings showing low glomerular number in human intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight-indicators of a suboptimal intrauterine environment. In different animal models, the main suboptimal intrauterine conditions studied relate to maternal dietary manipulations, poor micronutrient intake, prenatal ethanol exposure, maternal diabetes, glucocorticoid and chemical exposure, hypoxia, and placental insufficiency. These studies have demonstrated changes in kidney structure, glomerular endowment, and expression of key genes and signaling pathways controlling endocrine, excretion, and filtration function of the offspring. This review aims to summarize those studies to uncover the effects and mechanisms by which adverse gestational environments impact offspring renal and vascular health in adulthood. This is important for identifying agents and interventions that can prevent and mitigate the long-term consequences of an adverse intrauterine environment on the subsequent generation.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Human data and experimental animal data show that suboptimal environments during fetal development increase the risk of renal and vascular diseases in adult-life. This is related to permanent changes in kidney structure, function, and expression of genes and signaling pathways controlling filtration, excretion, and endocrine function. Uncovering the mechanisms by which offspring renal development and function is impacted is important for identifying ways to mitigate the development of diseases that strain health care services worldwide.
Weight Cycling in Women: Adaptation or Risk?; Obesity, dieting, and weight cycling are common among reproductive-age women. Weight cycling refers to intentional weight loss followed by unintentional weight regain. Weight loss is accompanied by changes in gut peptides, adipose hormones, and energy expenditure that promote weight regain to a tightly regulated set point. While weight loss can improve body composition and surrogate markers of cardiometabolic health, it is hypothesized that the weight regain can result in an overshoot effect, resulting in excess weight gain, altered body composition, and negative effects on surrogate markers of cardiometabolic health. Numerous observational studies have examined the association of weight cycling and health outcomes. There appears to be modest association between weight cycling with type 2 diabetes mellitus and dyslipidemia in women, but no association with hypertension, cardiovascular events, and overall cancer risk. Interestingly, mild weight cycling may be associated with a decreased risk of overall and cardiovascular mortality. Little is known about the effects of weight cycling in the preconception period. Although obesity and weight gain are associated with pregnancy complications, preconception weight loss does not appear to mitigate the risk of most pregnancy complications related to obesity. Research on preconception weight cycling may provide insight into this paradox.
Trajectory of Cardiovascular Risk Factors After Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; Women with a history of a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased risk of premature cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular risk management guidelines emphasize the need for prevention of cardiovascular disease in these women but fail to provide uniform recommendations on when and how to start cardiovascular risk assessment. The aim of this study was to identify a window of opportunity in which to start cardiovascular risk factor assessment by investigating changes in blood pressure, lipids, and fasting glucose levels over time in women with a history of an HDP. We identified women with a history of a normotensive pregnancy (n=1811) or an HDP (n=1005) within a high-risk population-based cohort study. We assessed changes in blood pressure, lipids, glucose, 10-year cardiovascular risk and the occurrence of hypertension, dyslipidemia, and diabetes mellitus longitudinally using 5 measurements at 3-year intervals. Generalized estimating equations were used for statistical analysis, with age as the time variable, adjusting for multiple comparisons using the least significant differences method. In women with an HDP, the overall prevalence of hypertension ( P<0.0001), dyslipidemia ( P=0.003), and diabetes mellitus ( P<0.0001) was significantly higher. They also developed hypertension and diabetes mellitus earlier. At age 35, few women with HDP need to be screened to detect clinically relevant hypertension: 9 need to be screened to detect 1 woman with a treatment indication as opposed to 38 women with history of a normotensive pregnancy. Our data supports cardiovascular follow-up of women with a history of an HDP starting within the fourth decade of life.
Mechanism of action of yoga on prevention and management of type 2 diabetes mellitus: Narrative review.; BACKGROUND: Research in India has recognized Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (t2dm) and prediabetes (pdm) as psychosomatic metabolic endocrine disorders characterized by glycemic disharmony. This review aimed at collating information from published e-papers on mechanism of action (MOA) of yoga therapy(YT) and integrated approach of yoga therapy (IAYT) on pdm and t2dm. METHOD: Content on YT and the MOA on prevention and management of t2dm were extracted from online sources such as PubMed, Google Scholar, Cochrane library and Library genesis. This review included 58 articles related to prediabetes, t2dm, pre-diabetes to t2dm conversion, mechanism of action of Yoga, Yoga and t2dm, prediabetes and yoga. Articles related to type 1 diabetes, diabetes insipidus and gestational diabetes were excluded. RESULT: Current scientific review resulted in understanding the different mechanisms involved in rejuvenating effect of Yoga as YT and IAYT in prediabetes and t2dm. However, the various mechanisms by which the interventions work are understood either through a single or combined impact on regaining autonomic balance, vagal modulation, regulation of hormones and thereby attaining glycemic control. Moreover, these mechanisms are the forthcomings of the cross talk between brain, mind and body systems under branches of neurophysiology, neuroendocrinology, psychophysiology, psycho neuroendocrinology and/or neuropsychology. CONCLUSION: Evidence sought from published research works proclaim YT based life style modification for prevention and management of t2dm. Summing up, the effect is stipulated based on the approach, method of practice, time of the day, belief and dedication of the practitioners.
Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease.; Although cardiovascular disease has traditionally been viewed as a condition of aging individuals, increasing focus has turned to its developmental origins. Since birthweight has been related to cardiovascular disease risk, research into factors such as gravid conditions that affect fetal growth have grown. Associations between maternal diabetes and childhood obesity from sibling studies suggest a causal role but prospective studies of gestational diabetes remain mixed. Preeclampsia and increased offspring blood pressure has been consistently observed but evidence for other cardiovascular outcomes is lacking. While maternal obesity is associated with childhood obesity, causality remains unclear and paternal obesity should be investigated as an independent risk factor. Environmental chemical exposures in utero, particularly obesogens, are now emerging as another concern, as is conception by infertility treatment. Few studies have investigated subclinical measures of endothelial function or atherosclerosis and more research in these areas may help reveal the underlying pathogenesis.
Liraglutide mitigates TNF-α induced pro-atherogenic changes and microvesicle release in HUVEC from diabetic women.; BACKGROUND: To evaluate whether exposure to GLP-1 receptor agonist Liraglutide could modulate pro-atherogenic alterations previously observed in endothelial cells obtained by women affected by gestational diabetes (GD), thus exposed in vivo to hyperglycemia, oxidative stress, and inflammation and to evaluate endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release, a new reliable biomarker of vascular stress/damage. METHODS: We studied Liraglutide effects and its plausible molecular mechanisms on monocyte cell adhesion and adhesion molecule expression and membrane exposure in control (C-) human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) as well as in HUVEC of women affected by GD exposed in vitro to TNF-α. In the same model, we also investigated Liraglutide effects on EMV release. RESULTS: In response to TNF-α, endothelial monocyte adhesion and VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane was greater in GD-HUVEC than C-HUVEC. This was the case also for EMV release. In GD-HUVEC, Liraglutide exposure significantly reduced TNF-α induced endothelial monocyte adhesion as well as VCAM-1 and ICAM-1 expression and exposure on plasma membrane. In the same cells, Liraglutide exposure also reduced MAPK/NF-kB activation, peroxynitrite levels, and EMV release. CONCLUSIONS: TNF-α induced pro-atherogenic alterations are amplified in endothelial cells chronically exposed to hyperglycemia in vivo. Liraglutide mitigates TNF-α effects and reduces cell stress/damage indicators, such as endothelial microvesicle (EMV) release. These results foster the notion that Liraglutide could exert a protective effect against hyperglycemia and inflammation triggered endothelial dysfunction.
Effects of perioperative glycemic indicators on outcomes of endovascular treatment for vertebrobasilar artery occlusion.; OBJECTIVE: Endovascular treatment (EVT) is, to date, the most promising treatment of vertebrobasilar artery occlusion (VBAO). The study aimed to determine the influence of perioperative glucose levels on clinical outcomes in patients with acute VBAO treated with EVT. METHODS: We retrospectively collected consecutive VBAO patients received EVT in 21 stroke centers in China. The associations between perioperative glycemic indicators (including fasting blood glucose[FBG], admission hyperglycemia, stress hyperglycemia ratio [SHR] and short-term glycemic variability [GV]) and various clinical outcomes were analyzed in all patients and subgroups stratified by diabetes mellitus (DM). RESULTS: A total of 569 patients were enrolled. Admission hyperglycemia significantly correlated with increased risk of symptomatic intracranial hemorrhage (sICH) (odds ratio [OR] 3.24, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.40-7.46), poor functional outcomes at 90 days (OR 1.91, 95%CI: 1.15-3.18) and 1 year (OR 1.96, 95%CI: 1.20-3.22). Similar significant correlations exist between FBG, SHR, GV and all the adverse outcomes except higher levels GV was not associated with increased risk of sICH (OR 1.04, 95% CI: 0.97-1.12). Subgroup analyses showed that admission hyperglycemia, FBG and SHR were significantly associated with adverse outcomes in non-diabetic patients, but not in DM patients. While, GV was associated with poor functional outcomes regardless of diabetes history. CONCLUSIONS: Admission hyperglycemia, FBG, SHR and short-term GV in VBAO patients treated with EVT were associated with adverse outcomes. The results suggested that comprehensive evaluation and appropriate management of perioperative glucose might be important for patients with VBAO and treatment with EVT.
Pregnancy after kidney transplantation: outcome and anti-human leucocyte antigen alloimmunization risk.; BACKGROUND: Kidney transplantation increases the chances for pregnancy and live birth for women with end-stage kidney disease. The aims of this study were to describe the outcomes of pregnancies in women with a kidney transplant and to evaluate the impact on anti-human leucocyte antigen (HLA) alloimmunization. METHODS: We analysed 61 pregnancies that occurred in 46 patients after having excluded 10 miscarriages during the first trimester and 10 other pregnancies from which important data were missing. Anti-HLA antibodies were screened using the Luminex assay. RESULTS: Overall, the live birth rate was 83% (94% after exclusion of miscarriages during the first trimester). Pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes occurred in 26 and 21% of cases, respectively. The use of tacrolimus was an independent predictive factor for gestational diabetes. Twenty-four newborns (42%) were premature (<37 weeks). The median birth weight was 2720 (1040-3730) g. Nine newborns (15%) had low birth weights (<2.5 kg). At least one severe complication occurred in 56% of pregnancies. A high glomerular-filtration rate (GFR) before pregnancy was the sole independent protective factor that avoided a severe complication. Death-censored kidney-allograft survival was 80.4% at 6 years. De novo donor-specific anti-HLA antibodies were detected after only 5.9% of pregnancies: for two women, the father had the same HLA antigens as those from the deceased organ donor. The determination of the HLA of the father before pregnancy can better inform the woman about the possible impact of pregnancy on her kidney-allograft function. CONCLUSIONS: Despite many complications, the outcomes for pregnancy and kidney allografts are good. The risk of anti-HLA alloimmunization was low.
Risk Factors for Pre-eclampsia and Eclampsia Disorders in Tertiary Care Center in Sukkur, Pakistan.; Introduction Pakistan has the third-highest incidence of maternal, fetal, and child mortality, according to a recent systemic analysis of global mortality. Thirty-four percent of maternal deaths are attributed to eclampsia among those who are admitted into tertiary care hospitals in Pakistan for delivery. In this study, we determine the risk factors associated with pre-eclampsia and eclampsia in the rural city of Sukkur, Pakistan. Methods and materials In this prospective observational study, a semi-structured questionnaire was developed to record information about maternal age, education status, parity, the status of chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes, anemia, body mass index (BMI), and history of cardiac disease of all women attending the antenatal clinic. Women diagnosed with pre-eclampsia and eclampsia were placed in a group, and their characteristics were compared with women with any pre-eclampsia and eclampsia. Results The incidence of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia was 5.6% (n=112/2212). Identified risk factors for pre-eclampsia and eclampsia included hypertension (28.7%), gestational diabetes (25.9%), anemia (14.9%), maternal age > 35 years (9.3%), BMI greater than 30 kg/m(2) (8.1%) and 35 kg/m(2) (11.7%), nulliparity (6.5%), unbooked status (i.e., lack of antenatal care; 6.4%), and low education level (5.8%). Conclusion It is important to identify the markers for pre-eclampsia and eclampsia, as they will help physicians and caregivers to reduce maternal and fetal mortality and the complications associated with it.
Obstetric outcomes during delivery hospitalizations among obese pregnant women in the United States.; The rates of both maternal and fetal adverse outcomes increase significantly with higher body mass index. The aim of this study was to calculate national estimates of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes and associated hospitalization cost among obese pregnant women using a national database. This study was a retrospective analysis of data retrieved from Nationwide Inpatient Sample database, collected during 2010-2014. The primary outcomes of this study were adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, hospital length of stay, and hospitalization cost. There was a total of 18,687,217 delivery-related hospitalizations, of which 1,048,323 were among obese women. Obese women were more likely to have cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.70, 95% CI 1.62-1.79) and labor inductions (aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.42-1.60), greater length of stay after cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.14, 95% CI 1.08-1.36) and vaginal deliveries (aOR 1.48, 95% CI 1.23-1.77). They were also more likely to have pregnancy-related hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, venous thromboembolism, excessive fetal growth, and fetal distress. Obese pregnant women had significantly greater risk for adverse obstetrical outcomes, which substantially increased the hospital and economic burden. Risk stratification of pregnant patients based on obesity could also help obstetricians to make better clinical decisions and improve patient outcomes.
Obesity: a modern epidemic.; It has recently become obvious that the prevalence of obesity has been rapidly increasing in the United States, as well as other countries, over the past two decades. This change has involved both sexes, all age ranges and various ethnic groups. The rising prevalence in children and adolescents is of particular concern because of the implications for negative effects on their morbidity and mortality in young adulthood. Obesity is definitely associated with a relative increase in diabetes, cardiovascular disease, various cancers, respiratory disorders in sleep, gallbladder disease and osteoarthritis. It also has negative effects on a variety of other conditions such as pregnancy complications, menstrual disorders, psychological disorders, and urinary stress incontinence. It is an integral component of the metabolic syndrome, which is emerging as a key constellation of risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Dealing with this epidemic will require the mobilization of multiple constituencies and allocation of adequate resources. These approaches should be instituted with urgency.
Diabetes mellitus and inflammatory periodontal diseases.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Periodontal diseases are inflammatory conditions that were once thought to have manifestations localized to the oral cavity alone, and were therefore considered the concern of only dentists and other oral health professionals. Emerging evidence has changed this view and now suggests that periodontal diseases may play a role in numerous conditions that impact systemic well being, including diabetes mellitus. This review examines the relationships that exist between periodontal diseases and diabetes mellitus, with a focus on potential common pathophysiologic pathways including those associated with inflammation, altered host responses, and insulin resistance. RECENT FINDINGS: Periodontal inflammation is associated with an elevated systemic inflammatory state and an increased risk of major cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction and stroke, adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preeclampsia, low birth weight and preterm birth, and altered glycemic control in people with diabetes. Intervention trials suggest that periodontal therapy, which decreases the intraoral bacterial bioburden and reduces periodontal inflammation, can have a significant impact on systemic inflammatory status. Evidence suggests that periodontal therapy is associated with improved glycemic control in many patients with both diabetes and periodontal diseases. SUMMARY: Recognition of the bilateral relationships between oral and systemic health will challenge physicians and dentists to work together closely in the future when managing patients with diabetes and periodontal disease.
Impact of an Impaired Maternal-Fetal Environment on Death in Children With Congenital Heart Defects Undergoing Surgery in Denmark From 1994 to 2018.; BACKGROUND: Studies show that an impaired maternal-fetal environment (iMFE) increases the mortality risk in children with single-ventricle congenital heart defects (CHDs). We investigated the impact of an iMFE on death in children with various surgically corrected CHDs. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this nationwide register-based study, we examined the association between an iMFE (including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, maternal smoking during pregnancy) and death in a large cohort of children with surgically corrected CHDs in Denmark (1994-2018). Survival analysis was done using Cox regression, adjusted for confounding and mediating covariates. The cohort included 3304 children: 1662 (50.3%) with minor CHD and 1642 (49.7%) with major CHD. Among them, 792 (24%) children were exposed to an iMFE. During the study, there were 290 deaths: 71 (9.3%) in children exposed to an iMFE and 219 (8.7%) in those unexposed. There were no differences in mortality risk between children with CHD exposed to an iMFE and those unexposed (hazard ratio [HR], 1.12 [95% CI, 0.86-1.47]; P=0.4). This was consistent across subgroups, including minor CHD (HR, 0.76 [95% CI, 0.39-1.47]; P=0.4), major CHD (HR, 1.23 [95% CI, 0.92-1.64]; P=0.2), and hypoplastic left heart syndrome/univentricular heart (HR, 1.08 [95% CI, 0.64-1.85]; P=0.8). CONCLUSIONS: Impairment of the maternal-fetal environment did not impact the mortality rate in children with CHD undergoing operation in Denmark from 1994 to 2018. We believe the cause of these discrepant findings to previous studies may be due to differences in the composition of CHD and prenatal maternal health care and health status of the population.
Racial disparities in the association of foetal growth retardation to childhood blood pressure.; BACKGROUND: Foetal growth retardation (FGR), defined as less than the 10th percentile of birth weight for gestational age, is reported to be an important contributor to hypertension and cardiovascular disease in children and adults, but findings are not consistent. For this reason we re-examined the role of FGR in childhood blood pressure. METHODS: We performed univariate and multivariate analyses on data gathered from 262 children, age 5 years, born to mothers at risk for pre-term delivery or FGR infant. The characteristics of the mothers and the children were evaluated using Student's t-test. Rates and proportions were compared using either chi-square or Fisher's exact test. Linear regression models evaluated the effect of birth weight and body mass index on systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Multivariate linear regression was used to model the effects of FGR, gestational age, body mass index, race, gender, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes on blood pressure while adjusting for possible confounders. RESULTS: Systolic blood pressure was inversely associated with birth weight in white children while a small direct association was noted in African Americans. Body mass index was positively associated with systolic blood pressure in both groups. Multiple linear regression analyses showed FGR and early gestational age were associated with higher blood pressure in white but not African American children, accounting for a 13.2 mmHg difference between FGR and appropriate for gestational age groups. Blood pressure in African Americans was strongly affected by maternal gestational diabetes and smoking. CONCLUSIONS: Birth weight influences childhood blood pressure but the effects may vary depending on ethnic group. The relative importance of birth weight on blood pressure may depend on other prenatal and post-partum risks.
Canadian Cardiovascular Society: Clinical Practice Update on Cardiovascular Management of the Pregnant Patient.; The number of women of childbearing age with cardiovascular disease (CVD) is growing because of increased survival of children with congenital heart disease. More women are also becoming pregnant at an older age, which is associated with increased rates of comorbidities including hypertension, diabetes, and acquired CVD. Over the past decade the field of cardio-obstetrics has significantly advanced with the development of multidisciplinary cardio-obstetric programs (COPs) to address the increasing burden of CVD in pregnancy. With the introduction of formal COPs, pregnancy outcomes in women with heart disease have improved. COPs provide preconception counselling, antenatal and postpartum cardiac surveillance, and labor and delivery planning. Prepregnancy counselling in a COP should be offered to women with suspected CVD who are of childbearing age. In women who present while pregnant, counselling should be performed in a COP as early as possible in pregnancy. The purpose of counselling is to reduce the risk of pregnancy to the mother and fetus whenever possible. This is done through accurate maternal and fetal risk stratification, optimizing cardiac lesions, reviewing safety of medications in pregnancy, and making a detailed plan for the pregnancy, labor, and delivery. This Clinical Practice Update highlights the COP approach to prepregnancy counselling, risk stratification, and management of commonly encountered cardiac conditions through pregnancy. We highlight "red flags" that should trigger a more timely assessment in a COP. We also describe the approach to some of the cardiac emergencies that the care provider might encounter in a pregnant woman.
[Secondary disorders of lipid metabolism, metabolic syndrome and familial combined hyperlipidemia].; Secondary hyperlipoproteinemias are found in connection with other primary organic diseases. Typical examples are those seen with diabetes mellitus, liver and kidney diseases. In addition there are changes induced by hormonal dysfunctions such as hypothyroidism, by the use of oral contraceptives or in postmenopausal women. During pregnancy there is a physiological transient increase in lipoproteins. In addition to primary organic diseases there are a number of exogenous factors such as obesity, malnutrition and alcohol abuse causing hyperlipidemia. The relation between hypertension and hyperlipidemia described as familial dyslipidemic hypertension is less well known. Obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, hyperuricemia and impaired glucose tolerance are the basic conditions of the metabolic syndrome. Familial combined hyperlipidemia is a genetically determined, dyslipidemic syndrome with a high prevalence among patients with coronary artery disease and stroke. As there are some links between familial combined hyperlipidemia and secondary hyperlipoproteinemias, this disease entity is discussed together in this paper. Familial combined hyperlipidemia is metabolically, genetically and by this on a molecular level closely linked to familial dyslipidemic hypertension as well as the metabolic syndrome. The exact mechanism of this disease is currently unknown.
Metabolic programming in early life in humans.; An association of low birth weight with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease and diabetes led to the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, which proposes that undernutrition during early development permanently 'programmes' organ structure and metabolism, leading to vulnerability to later cardio-metabolic disease. High birth weight caused by maternal gestational diabetes is also associated with later diabetes, suggesting that fetal over-nutrition also has programming effects. Post-natal factors (excess weight gain/obesity, smoking, poor diets and physical inactivity) interact with fetal exposures to increase disease risk. Animal studies have shown permanent metabolic effects in offspring after alterations to maternal or early post-natal diets but evidence in humans is largely limited to observational and quasi-experimental situations such as maternal famine exposure. Randomized trials of maternal nutritional interventions during pregnancy have so far had limited follow-up of the offspring. Moreover, interventions usually started after the first trimester and therefore missed key peri-conceptional or early pregnancy events such as epigenetic changes, placentation and fetal organogenesis. Recent and ongoing trials intervening pre-conceptionally and powered for long-term offspring follow-up will address these issues. While current preventive strategies for cardio-metabolic disease focus on high-risk individuals in mid-life, DOHaD concepts offer a 'primordial' preventive strategy to reduce disease in future generations by improving fetal and infant development. This article is part of the theme issue 'Developing differences: early-life effects and evolutionary medicine'.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Patients Enrolled in the Healthy Beginnings Plus Program.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effectiveness of enrollment in the Healthy Beginnings Plus Program (HB) on pregnancy outcomes. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study of 12,299 singleton pregnancies birthed between January 2007 and December 2018. SETTING/LOCAL PROBLEM: Individuals of low socioeconomic status are at increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm birth (PTB) and low-birth-weight (LBW) neonates. Pennsylvania offers HB to pregnant individuals with Medical Assistance insurance to provide additional psychosocial and obstetric resources to routine prenatal care to minimize risk. PARTICIPANTS: Individuals with Medical Assistance insurance enrolled in HB (n = 4,645), individuals with Medical Assistance insurance not enrolled in HB (n = 2,874), and individuals with private insurance (n = 4,780). MEASUREMENTS: Primary outcomes were rates of PTB and LBW neonates. Secondary outcomes included rates of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, small-for-gestational-age neonates, and admission to the NICU. RESULTS: There were no differences in PTB (adjusted OR [aOR] = 0.93, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.76, 1.13]) or LBW neonates (aOR = 1.06, 95% CI [0.86, 1.31]) between individuals with Medical Assistance enrolled in HB versus those with Medical Assistance insurance not enrolled in HB. Individuals with Medical Assistance enrolled in HB were less likely to develop gestational hypertension compared to individuals with Medical Assistance insurance not enrolled in HB (aOR = 1.41, 95% CI [1.25, 1.59]) and individuals with private insurance (aOR = 0.85, 95% CI [0.76, 0.96]). They also attended more prenatal visits than individuals with Medical Assistance insurance not enrolled in HB (12.0 vs. 14.0, p < .01). CONCLUSION: Although there was no significant difference between groups for the primary outcomes studied, individuals with Medical Assistance insurance enrolled in HB attended more prenatal visits than those who did not enroll in HB. Similar programs should evaluate outcomes and consider whether changes are needed.
Maternal and placental risk factors associated with the development of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and its severity.; BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: Antenatal factors play an important role in NEC. This study aimed to identify antenatal risk factors associated with the development of NEC, the role of the placental alterations, and the presence of prenatal signs predisposing to a severe NEC. MATERIALS/METHODS: Data of NEC patients including antenatal findings [preeclampsia, diabetes, cholestasis, abnormal antenatal umbilical artery flow (AAUF), clinical chorioamnionitis (CC), and histology of placentas] were compared to unaffected cases between 2002 and 2016 in a single center. Unaffected infants were matched for gestational age. Newborns with cardiovascular diseases were excluded. Bivariate and multivariate analyses were performed. RESULTS: We identified 136 cases and 134 controls. The group of mothers of NEC-neonates had a higher prevalence of preeclampsia, CC, and AAUF. Histology of Placentas from 123/136 cases and 126/133 unaffected newborns was available. Chorioamnionitis was significantly more present in NEC cases vs controls. There weren't differences in vascular anomalies and necrotic alterations. Multivariate analysis identified AAUF, CC and histological chorioamnionitis (HC) as predictors of NEC. Bivariate tests show that preeclampsia and HC occurred more often in severe cases of NEC. CONCLUSION: This study suggests that AAUF, CC, and HC can independently predict the risk of NEC. Preeclampsia and HC seem associated to more severe cases. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: IIIA.
Nephron number and renal risk in hypertension and diabetes.; It has been proposed that "nephron underdosing," i.e., a low number of nephrons at the time of birth, is linked to essential hypertension and a greater propensity to develop progressive loss of renal function after renal injury. This hypothesis was confirmed recently by examining the number of glomeruli in patients with essential hypertension. The mechanisms through which a low number of nephrons causes hypertension have not been clarified, but it is likely that functional changes in postglomerular segments of the nephron, e.g., handling of sodium, play an important role. Neonatal uninephrectomy increases BP, renders BP salt sensitive, and renders the kidney more susceptible to damage. Apart from genetic factors, fetal/maternal malnutrition during pregnancy seems to play an important role in the pathogenesis of nephron underdosing. Furthermore, intrauterine programming during organogenesis, e.g., by hyperglycemia, seems to be important: In animal experiments, offspring of either hyperglycemic or diabetic mothers have fewer nephrons.
The Surgeon General's report on oral health: implications for research and education.; The surgeon general's report on oral health ("Oral Health in America: A Report of the Surgeon General"), which was released May 25, highlights the bidirectional interactions between oral and systemic health. Systemic conditions with oral manifestations include diabetes, hereditary disease, joint disease, HIV and osteoporosis. Oral disease can exacerbate certain systemic conditions, such as diabetes, respiratory disease, vascular disease and preterm low-birth weight. While a number of interactions have been identified, additional research is needed to evaluate disease pathogenesis and therapeutic interventions. Further, emphasis should be placed on educating patients, dental and medical students, and dentists and physicians regarding the importance of these relationships. These findings place oral health in the perspective of systemic health, and suggest that the dental and medical profession will develop even closer linkages in the future.
Association between maternal thyroid function and risk of gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia: a systematic review and individual-participant data meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Adequate maternal thyroid function is important for an uncomplicated pregnancy. Although multiple observational studies have evaluated the association between thyroid dysfunction and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, the methods and definitions of abnormalities in thyroid function tests were heterogeneous, and the results were conflicting. We aimed to examine the association between abnormalities in thyroid function tests and risk of gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia. METHODS: In this systematic review and meta-analysis of individual-participant data, we searched MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase, Scopus, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from date of inception to Dec 27, 2019, for prospective cohort studies with data on maternal concentrations of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free thyroxine (FT(4)), thyroid peroxidase (TPO) antibodies, individually or in combination, as well as on gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, or both. We issued open invitations to study authors to participate in the Consortium on Thyroid and Pregnancy and to share the individual-participant data. We excluded participants who had pre-existing thyroid disease or multifetal pregnancy, or were taking medications that affect thyroid function. The primary outcomes were documented gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia. Individual-participant data were analysed using logistic mixed-effects regression models adjusting for maternal age, BMI, smoking, parity, ethnicity, and gestational age at blood sampling. The study protocol was registered with PROSPERO, CRD42019128585. FINDINGS: We identified 1539 published studies, of which 33 cohorts met the inclusion criteria and 19 cohorts were included after the authors agreed to participate. Our study population comprised 46 528 pregnant women, of whom 39 826 (85·6%) women had sufficient data (TSH and FT(4) concentrations and TPO antibody status) to be classified according to their thyroid function status. Of these women, 1275 (3·2%) had subclinical hypothyroidism, 933 (2·3%) had isolated hypothyroxinaemia, 619 (1·6%) had subclinical hyperthyroidism, and 337 (0·8%) had overt hyperthyroidism. Compared with euthyroidism, subclinical hypothyroidism was associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia (2·1% vs 3·6%; OR 1·53 [95% CI 1·09-2·15]). Subclinical hyperthyroidism, isolated hypothyroxinaemia, or TPO antibody positivity were not associated with gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia. In continuous analyses, both a higher and a lower TSH concentration were associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia (p=0·0001). FT(4) concentrations were not associated with the outcomes measured. INTERPRETATION: Compared with euthyroidism, subclinical hypothyroidism during pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia. There was a U-shaped association of TSH with pre-eclampsia. These results quantify the risks of gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia in women with thyroid function test abnormalities, adding to the total body of evidence on the risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes of thyroid dysfunction during pregnancy. These findings have potential implications for defining the optimal treatment target in women treated with levothyroxine during pregnancy, which needs to be assessed in future interventional studies. FUNDING: Arkansas Biosciences Institute and Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research.
Cardiovascular and pregnancy outcomes in women with coronary microvascular dysfunction: a case series.; BACKGROUND: Coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) is associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Coronary microvascular dysfunction is observed in women of childbearing age, however, the frequency of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) is unknown. CASE SUMMARY: Women previously enrolled in a single centre prospective CMD registry diagnosed using invasive coronary reactivity testing were included. Among 279 women enrolled, 5 of 47 (10.6%) of childbearing age (18-44 years) subsequently became pregnant, representing a fertility rate of 36.8 births per 1000 women-years. None had history of hypertension, diabetes, or smoking. Four (80%) had a history of prior spontaneous miscarriage. Median age at CMD diagnosis was 32 years (IQR: 32-35). During pregnancy, most reported stable or improved angina, while one reported increased angina frequency, an emergency room visit and accelerated anti-anginal therapy. None experienced gestational hypertension, diabetes, pre-eclampsia, myocardial infarction, or death. Two (40%) experienced APO of preterm delivery and small neonate for gestational age. Following pregnancy, angina severity scores, and/or functional capacity decreased in three women (60%). DISCUSSION: In this first case-series of five women with CMD who became pregnant, increased angina and accelerated care during pregnancy and post-partum was not commonly observed. Fertility rates were lower than the national average, while prior spontaneous miscarriage and subsequent APO were higher. Further studies are warranted to understand and manage pregnancy in women with CMD, as well as the impact of pregnancy on longer term angina, functional capacity, and outcomes.
The combined oral contraceptive. Risks and adverse effects in perspective.; The risks and adverse effects of the low dose, new generation progestogen combined oral contraceptives (COCs) are much lower than original studies involving pills containing 50 micrograms estrogen. The main effects are those on the cardiovascular system, lipid and glucose metabolism and cancer. Any effect of the COC on myocardial infarction is probably minimal if the woman has no other risk factors especially smoking. The third generation progestogen, low dose COCs have very little effect on lipid or glucose metabolism. There may be a slight increase in breast cancer if COCs are used under the age of 25 years and for more than 4 to 8 years, and in the risk of cervical cancer. It is too early to estimate long term cancer effects of the newer COCs. Adverse effects such as nausea and breast tenderness can be managed by changing the estrogen dose or the type of progestogen. Overall, the clinical benefits of the COC probably outweight the risks and adverse effects.
Developmental origins of health and disease theory in cardiology.; Numerous epidemiological and animal studies disclosed that birth weight is inversely associated with the incidence of the lifestyle-related disorders in adult life, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and /or chronic kidney disease. Lower birth weight occurs in numerous undesired intrauterine environments including malnutrition, smoking, alcohol consumption, or stress.　The Developmental Origin of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory is based on the concept that the origins of lifestyle-related disease is formed at the time of fertilization, embryonic, fetal, and neonatal stages by the interrelation between genes and the environments (nutrition, stress, or environmental chemicals). Adult disease develops after delivery facing to abnormal environments such as over-nutrition, much stress, or lack of exercise. Disease develops through these two insults. This concept was first proposed as the "Barker Hypothesis." David Barker had discovered the relation between the lower birth weight and the higher prevalence of ischemic heart disease mortality. Previous epidemiologic studies have found the people exposed to famine during early life had higher risks of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. Yet, the exact mechanisms that permanently change the structure, physiology, and endocrine status of an individual across their lifespan following altered growth during fetal life are not entirely clear. Epidemiological studies including prospective cohort and observational analysis of the people exposed to malnutrition during fetal or infancy have disclosed the strong relation between the lower birth weight and the higher cardiovascular risks in adults. Recent progress of epigenetic studies unveiled strong genetic association. Hormonal regulation and epigenetic modifications have an important role for proper organ development and physiological functions. The molecular mechanism of predisposition is supposed to be the epigenetics modifications.　Their dysregulation is related to the acquisition of the disease-susceptible trait. In this review, we overview the concept of DOHaD and introduce related clinical and basic research.
Growth promoting effect of zinc supplementation in infants of high-risk pregnancies.; This study was made to determine whether zinc deficiency is one of the factors involved in growth retardation of infants of high-risk pregnancies. The high risk factors were hypertension of pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, congenital heart disease, chronic nephritis, rheumatic heart disease and hyperthyroidism. 102 neonatal infants were divided into 3 groups: breast fed group, 37 cases; test group, 32 cases formula-fed with supplementary zinc 1.14-2.28 mg/kg/d; and control group, 33 cases formula-fed and supplemented with Vitamin B complex as placebo. The groups were divided by double-blind and randomized method. There were no differences in the 3 groups in sex ratio, growth status and serum zinc concentration at the beginning of the study. Anthropometric data were obtained at 0, 3 and 6 months.
A prospective randomized study of automated versus mercury blood pressure recordings in hypertensive pregnancy (PRAM Study).; BACKGROUND: Mercury sphygmomanometry is being replaced with automated blood pressure (BP) recording. We tested the potential impact of this change on the outcomes of pregnant women with hypertension. METHODS: Following routine detection of hypertension by mercury sphygmomanometry, 220 pregnant women with hypertension were randomized to have all subsequent BPs recorded with either mercury sphygmomanometry or an automated BP device (Omron HEM-705CP) for the remainder of their pregnancy. We used a prospective randomized open study with blinded end points design. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary maternal outcome measure was the number of women having any episode of severe hypertension (BP 170/110 mmHg). The primary fetal outcome measure was small for gestational age baby. RESULTS: Both groups were similar in age, weight, parity, race, use of assisted reproductive technology before this pregnancy, diabetes prevalence, smoking, mercury BP in the first trimester, use of antihypertensives at the time of study entry, and type of hypertension (essential, gestational or preeclampsia) at study entry. Severe hypertension occurred in 39% of women using mercury sphygmomanometry and 44% using the automated device (p = 0.5). Small for gestational age rates were 12 and 17%, respectively (p = 0.3). About 47% of women had preeclampsia at delivery. Birth weight and perinatal mortality were similar between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Using this automated BP recording device in hypertensive pregnant women is associated with similar maternal and fetal outcomes as in women whose BP is measured by sphygmomanometry, despite intra-individual BP differences between the two methods of recording BP.
Perinatal aspects of iron metabolism.; Iron sufficiency is critical for rapidly developing fetal and neonatal organ systems. The majority of iron in the third trimester fetus and the neonate is found in the red cell mass (as hemoglobin), with lesser amounts in the tissues as storage iron (e.g. ferritin) or functional iron (e.g. myoglobin, cytochromes). Iron is prioritized to hemoglobin synthesis in red cells when iron supply does not meet iron demand. Thus, non-heme tissues such as the skeletal muscle, heart and brain will become iron deficient before signs of iron-deficiency anemia. Gestational conditions that result in lower newborn iron stores include severe maternal iron deficiency, maternal hypertension with intrauterine growth retardation and maternal diabetes mellitus. Stable, very low birthweight premature infants are also at risk for early postnatal iron deficiency because they accrete less iron during gestation, grow more rapidly postnatally, are typically undertreated with enteral iron and receive fewer red cell transfusions. Conversely, iron overload remains a significant concern in multiply transfused sick preterm infants because they have low levels of iron-binding proteins and immature antioxidant systems. CONCLUSION: The highly variable iron status of preterm infants combined with their risk for iron deficiency and toxicity warrants careful monitoring and support in the newborn and postdischarge periods.
Does periodontal treatment improve general health?; The association between periodontal disease and various systemic conditions raises the question of the impact of periodontal therapy on general health. There is increasing evidence that periodontal intervention can reduce the prevalence of an adverse pregnancy outcome, improve glycaemic control in diabetics, reduce systemic markers of inflammation, lower cholesterol levels and improve vascular endothelial function. The magnitude of the impact of periodontal therapy on these modalities needs further quantification/study. Despite such reservations, there are indications that any form of periodontal treatment may have outcomes that extend beyond improving life expectancy of the dentition. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: This article reviews the possible impact of periodontal therapy on a variety of systemic conditions and evaluates potential benefits.
Postpartum metabolic syndrome and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein after gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between metabolic syndrome (MetS) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), a biomarker of chronic inflammation and an independent predictor for cardiovascular disease overall and in subgroups of women with/without pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension (GHT). METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted in Nairobi, Kenya. Women with pre-eclampsia or GHT and normotensive women within 12 weeks postpartum underwent physical, anthropometric, fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose, and hsCRP measurements at 6 months postpartum. A generalized linear regression model with Poisson distribution adjusted for body mass index and age was used to estimate the association between elevated hsCRP and MetS overall and stratified by pre-eclampsia or GHT. RESULTS: In the 171 women included in the study, risk of elevated hsCRP (>3 mg/L) was greater among women with compared to those without MetS (adjusted relative risk [ARR] 1.70, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05-2.73, P=0.03) and was statistically significantly higher in the hypertensive (ARR 2.16 95% CI 1.01-4.62, P=0.04) but not in the normotensive (ARR 1.46, 95% CI 0.93-2.28) group. CONCLUSION: Increased risk of elevated hsCRP postpartum can guide longitudinal mechanistic and intervention studies to reduce postpartum cardiovascular morbidity in women with MetS, especially after pre-eclampsia or GHT.
[NPT (near patient test) in the pharmacy: document and practice guidelines 2008].; NPT tests in the pharmacy. Blood testing can be made with NPT (near patient testing) directly in the pharmacy. Most tests can be made with a single drop of blood (i.e. from a finger) and results are comparable with results from blood test obtained with standard vein blood samples. NPT is basically used for: 1 - evaluating the risk of a disease. 2 evaluating or confirming the presence of a disease. 3 to manage and monitor treatments. The social role of the pharmacy in NPT (particularly in cardiovascular screening) is very important as the pharmacy is an institution with capillary diffusion in the territory. The pharmacy often constitutes an important, first-level consultancy point for the population, particularly where health institutions are far away (small villages) or not easily accessible. Rules for NPT. Guidelines for NPT testing in the pharmacy have been proposed and discussed in a consensus meeting (Spoleto, 2007). NPT guidelines suggest operating management and technical procedures and indicate prospective lines of action defining new roles for the pharmacy. Coagulation tests can be now made in the pharmacy at a very low cost and with an efficacy comparable to blood tests obtained with a vein sample. Results can be read in seconds. This test is also available for personal use and home testing. NPT: The Clinical Study. The evaluation of the results of a clinical study (patients with venous thrombosis/pulmonary embolisation, patients with fibrillation and patients with artificial cardiac valves) indicates that costing is very favourable for NPT which may reduce costs and improve management of many clinical conditions and their monitoring. Training and control systems help NPT testing to be reliable and useful to screen and manage most clinical and risk conditions. The clinical study also shows the positive correlation between NPT tests and standard' tests. In conclusion NPT tests are now very reliable and cost-effective and can be used for screening, diagnosis and to monitor treatments.
Prevention and Care Programs Addressing the Growing Prevalence of Diabetes in China.; According to a 2010 national survey, 11 % of adults in China have diabetes, affecting 109.6 million individuals. The high prevalence of diabetes has been attributed to the aging of the population, the rapid adoption of energy-dense foods, and a reduction in physical activity. Collectively, these secular changes have created an obesogenic environment that can unmask diabetes in subjects with a genetic predisposition. The growing prevalence of maternal obesity, gestational diabetes, childhood obesity, and early-onset disease can lead to premature morbidity and mortality. Rising to meet these public health challenges, researchers in China have conducted randomized studies to demonstrate the benefits of lifestyle modification in preventing diabetes (the Da Qing Study), as well as that of team-based integrated care, using multiple strategies including peer support and information technology, in order to reduce hospitalizations, cardiovascular-renal complications, and premature deaths. With growing evidence supporting the benefits of these diabetes prevention and management programs, the next challenge is to use policies and systems to scale up the implementation of these programs through raising awareness, building capacity, and providing resources to reduce the human and socioeconomic burden of diabetes.
Diabetes-related perturbations in the integrity of physiologic barriers.; One of the hallmarks of health is the integrity of barriers at the cellular and tissue levels. The two cardinal functions of barriers include preventing access of deleterious elements of the environment (barrier function) while facilitating the transport of essential ions, signaling molecules and nutrients needed to maintain the internal milieu (transport function). There are several cellular and subcellular barriers and some of these barriers can be interrelated. The principal physiologic barriers include blood-retinal barrier, blood-brain barrier, blood-testis barrier, renal glomerular/tubular barrier, intestinal barrier, pulmonary blood-alveolar barrier, blood-placental barrier and skin barrier. Tissue specific barriers are the result of the vasculature, cellular composition of the tissue and extracellular matrix within the tissue. Uncontrolled diabetes and acute hyperglycemia may disrupt the integrity of physiologic barriers, primarily through altering the vascular integrity of the tissues and may well contribute to the clinically recognized complications of diabetes. Although diabetes is a systemic disease, some of the organs display clinically significant deterioration in function while others undergo subclinical changes. The pathophysiology of the disruption of these barriers is not entirely clear but it may be related to diabetes-related cellular stress. Understanding the mechanisms of diabetes related dysfunction of various physiologic barriers might help identifying novel therapeutic targets for reducing clinically significant complications of diabetes.
Ultrasound Based Computational Fluid Dynamics Assessment of Brachial Artery Wall Shear Stress in Preeclamptic Pregnancy.; PURPOSE: Preeclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy complication of abnormally elevated blood pressure and organ damage where endothelial function is impaired. Wall shear stress (WSS) strongly effects endothelial cell morphology and function but in PE the WSS values are unknown. WSS calculations from ultrasound inaccurately assume cylindrical arteries and patient specific computational fluid dynamics (CFD) typically require time-consuming 3D imaging such as CT or MRI. METHODS: Two-dimensional (2D) B-mode ultrasound images were lofted together to create simplified three-dimensional (3D) geometries of the brachial artery (BA) that incorporate artery curvature and non-circular cross sections. This process was efficient and on average took 120 ± 10 s. Patient specific CFD was then performed to quantify BA WSS for a small cohort of PE (n = 5) and normotensive pregnant patients (n = 5) and compared against WSS calculations assuming a cylindrical artery. RESULTS: For several WSS metrics (time averaged WSS (TAWSS), peak systolic WSS, oscillatory shear index (OSI), OSI/TAWSS and relative residence time) CFD on the simplified arterial geometries calculated large spatial differences in WSS that assuming a cylindrical artery cannot calculate. Bland-Altman and intra-class correlation (ICC) analyses found assuming a cylindrical artery both underestimated (p < 0.05) and had poor agreement (ICC < 0.5) with the maximum WSS values from CFD. WSS values that were abnormal compared to the normotensive patients (OSI = 0.014 ± 0.026) appear related to the pregnancy complications fetal growth restriction (n = 2, OSI = 0.14, 0.25) and gestational diabetes (n = 1, OSI = 0.23). CONCLUSION: Creating 3D artery geometries from 2D ultrasound images can be used for CFD simulations to calculate WSS from ultrasound without assuming cylindrical arteries. This approach requires minimal time for both medical imaging and CFD analysis.
On the emerging role of rabbit as human disease model and the instrumental role of novel transgenic tools.; The laboratory rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus) is widely used as a model for human diseases, because of its size, which permits non-lethal monitoring of physiological changes and similar disease characteristics. Novel transgenic tools such as, the zinc finger nuclease method and the sleeping beauty transposon mediated or BAC transgenesis were recently adapted to the laboratory rabbit and opened new opportunities in precise tissue and developmental stage specific gene expression/silencing, coupled with increased transgenic efficiencies. Many facets of human development and diseases cannot be investigated in rodents. This is especially true for early prenatal development, its long-lasting effects on health and complex disorders, and some economically important diseases such as atherosclerosis or cardiovascular diseases. The first transgenic rabbits models of arrhythmogenesis mimic human cardiac diseases much better than transgenic mice and hereby underline the importance of non-mouse models. Another emerging field is epigenetic reprogramming and pathogenic mechanisms in diabetic pregnancy, where rabbit models are indispensable. Beyond that rabbit is used for decades as major source of polyclonal antibodies and recently in monoclonal antibody production. Alteration of its genome to increase the efficiency and value of the antibodies by humanization of the immunoglobulin genes, or by increasing the expression of a special receptor (Fc receptor) that augments humoral immune response is a current demand.
Mode of delivery and neonatal outcomes in preterm, small-for-gestational-age newborns.; OBJECTIVE: To compare neonatal outcomes by method of delivery in preterm (34 weeks of gestation or prior), small-for-gestational-age (SGA) newborns in a large diverse cohort. METHODS: Birth data for 1995-2003 from New York City were linked to hospital discharge data. Data were limited to singleton, liveborn, vertex neonates delivered between 25 and 34 weeks of gestation. Births complicated by known congenital anomalies and birth weight less than 500 g were excluded. Small for gestational age was used as a surrogate for intrauterine growth restriction. Associations between method of delivery and neonatal morbidities were estimated using logistic regression. RESULTS: Two thousand eight hundred eighty-five SGA neonates meeting study criteria were identified; 42.1% were delivered vaginally, and 57.9% were delivered by cesarean. There was no significant difference in intraventricular hemorrhage, subdural hemorrhage, seizure, or sepsis between the cesarean delivery and vaginal delivery groups. Cesarean delivery compared with vaginal delivery was associated with increased odds of respiratory distress syndrome. The increased odds persisted after controlling for maternal age, parity, ethnicity, education, primary payer, prepregnancy weight, gestational age at delivery, diabetes, and hypertension. CONCLUSION: Cesarean delivery was not associated with improved neonatal outcomes in preterm SGA newborns and was associated with an increased risk of respiratory distress syndrome.
Focus on primary care: periodontal disease: implications for women's health.; A definite relationship is emerging between periodontal infections and systemic conditions. The objective of this review is to address this relationship as it pertains to cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, because recent reports link the presence of periodontal disease to preterm delivery, the possible relationship between the development and progression of periodontal disease and certain hormonal states in women such as puberty, oral contraceptive use, menopause, and pregnancy will also be discussed. Although the current literature suggests a strong association between periodontal disease and a number of the discussed systemic conditions, causality can only be established with prospective studies. Intervention studies are needed to address how treatment effects the incidence and/or severity of periodontal disease-related systemic illness.
Age-related disparities in complications among women with peripartum cardiomyopathy.; INTRODUCTION: While the exact pathogenesis of peripartum cardiomyopathy, a potentially life-threatening condition, is still unknown, its incidence is rising globally. We sought to understand the differences in outcomes and complications based on age. METHODS: Records from the 2016-2020 National Inpatient Sample were used for our study. The sample consisted of females diagnosed with peripartum cardiomyopathy that required hospitalization care. They were divided into two age-based cohorts: 15-29 years and 30-40 years. We evaluated differences in in-hospital complications between the two groups using multivariable regression. RESULTS: The analysis consisted of 20520 females diagnosed with peripartum cardiomyopathy, of whom 57.3 % were in the 30-40 years cohort and 42.7 % in the 15-29 years group. The prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as smoking, obesity, hypertension, diabetes and lipid disorder was higher among women aged 30-40 years (p < 0.01). These patients also demonstrated higher odds of reporting acute ischemic stroke (aOR 1.354, 95 % CI 1.038-1.767, p = 0.026) while having a reduced risk of cardiogenic shock (aOR 0.787, 95 % CI 0.688-0.901, p < 0.01) as compared to those aged 15-29 years during their hospitalisation with PPCM. No statistically significant differences were noted for events of acute kidney injury (aOR 1.074, 95 % CI 0.976-1.182, p = 0.143), acute pulmonary oedema (aOR 1.147, 95 % CI 0.988-1.332, p = 0.071) or in-hospital mortality (aOR 0.978, 95 % CI 0.742-1.290, p = 0.877). CONCLUSION: Peripartum cardiomyopathy is a serious condition that requires appropriate care and management. Our study linked cases of ages 30-40 years with increased odds of acute ischemic stroke but lower odds of cardiogenic shock.
Diagnosis of Placenta Accreta by Uterine Artery Doppler Velocimetry in Patients With Placenta Previa.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the potential value of uterine artery Doppler velocimetry in diagnosing placenta accreta. METHODS: Clinical records of all deliveries between April 1991 and March 2013 were retrospectively analyzed. Cases of intrauterine growth restriction, pregnancy-induced hypertension, multiple pregnancies, fetal anomalies, chromosomal abnormalities, and maternal medical illnesses such as cardiovascular disease, renal disease, and diabetes mellitus were excluded. A total of 11,210 cases were evaluated, including 403 cases of placenta previa without accreta (placenta previa) and 39 cases of placenta previa with accreta (placenta accreta). All patients underwent uterine artery Doppler velocimetry to measure the mean resistive index and pulsatility index (PI) in the third trimester. The analysis included participant characteristics such as age, parity, abortion history, previous cesarean delivery, gestational age at delivery, neonatal sex, and birth weight. RESULTS: The mean uterine artery PI was significantly lower in the placenta accreta group compared to previa alone (0.51 versus 0.57; P = .002). The odds ratios for placenta accreta were 2.4 for 2 or more previous abortions (P = .011) and 5.3 and 7.0 for 1 and 2 or more previous cesarean deliveries (P = .001 and .005). With an increase in the mean PI by 0.01, the odds ratio for placenta accreta decreased by 0.94 (P < .001). The area under the receive operating characteristic curve was 0.72 for previous cesarean delivery alone, increasing to 0.77 with the combination of the mean PI and previous cesarean delivery (P = .047). CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests that the mean PI measured by uterine artery Doppler velocimetry is reduced in patients with placenta accreta compared to those without accreta. The diagnostic accuracy of placenta accreta can be potentially improved if uterine artery Doppler values and the history of cesarean delivery are combined.
Risk factors and determinants of carotid intima-media thickness in children: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis that is measured in adults and children to better understand the natural history of cardiovascular disease (CVD). In adults, CIMT is predictive of myocardial infarction and stroke. In children and adolescents, CIMT is used to assess vascular changes in the presence of CVD risk factors (obesity, hypertension, smoking, etc) or clinical conditions associated with a high risk for premature CVD. However, there is no comprehensive overview, in a life-course epidemiology perspective, of the risk factors and determinants of CIMT in children. It is also important to evaluate between-study differences in CIMT measurement methods and take them into consideration when drawing conclusions. Our objective is to systematically review the evidence on the relationship between CIMT and prenatal and postnatal exposures or interventions in children, as well as documenting and discussing the CIMT measurement methods. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Systematic searches of the Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System Online (MEDLINE), Excerpta Medica (EMBASE)and Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) databases will be conducted. The reference lists and other literatures sources will be browsed. Observational and experimental studies in children from birth up to 18 years will be included. Prenatal and postnatal exposures or interventions assessed in relationship with CIMT will be considered for inclusion. Examples might include gestational age, obesity, hypertension, tobacco exposure, specific at-risk conditions (chronic kidney disease, diabetes, etc) or statin treatment. The outcome will be CIMT assessed by ultrasonography. The setting, scanning and measurement methods for each included study will be described in detail. Results will be synthesised descriptively and, if appropriate, will be pooled across studies to perform meta-analyses. Separate meta-analyses for each exposure or intervention type will be conducted. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This systematic review will be published in a peer-reviewed journal. A report will be prepared for clinicians and other healthcare decision-makers. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42017075169.
The Electronic CardioMetabolic Program (eCMP) for Patients With Cardiometabolic Risk: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; BACKGROUND: Effective lifestyle interventions targeting high-risk adults that are both practical for use in ambulatory care settings and scalable at a population management level are needed. OBJECTIVE: Our aim was to examine the potential effectiveness, feasibility, and acceptability of delivering an evidence-based Electronic Cardio-Metabolic Program (eCMP) for improving health-related quality of life, improving health behaviors, and reducing cardiometabolic risk factors in ambulatory care high-risk adults. METHODS: We conducted a randomized, wait-list controlled trial with 74 adults aged ≥18 years recruited from a large multispecialty health care organization. Inclusion criteria were (1) BMI ≥35 kg/m(2) and prediabetes, previous gestational diabetes and/or metabolic syndrome, or (2) BMI ≥30 kg/m(2) and type 2 diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease. Participants had a mean age of 59.7 years (SD 11.2), BMI 37.1 kg/m(2) (SD 5.4) and were 59.5% female, 82.4% white. Participants were randomized to participate in eCMP immediately (n=37) or 3 months later (n=37). eCMP is a 6-month program utilizing video conferencing, online tools, and pre-recorded didactic videos to deliver evidence-based curricula. Blinded outcome assessments were conducted at 3 and 6 months postbaseline. Data were collected and analyzed between 2014 and 2015. The primary outcome was health-related quality of life. Secondary outcomes included biometric cardiometabolic risk factors (eg, body weight), self-reported diet and physical activity, mental health status, retention, session attendance, and participant satisfaction. RESULTS: Change in quality of life was not significant in both immediate and delayed participants. Both groups significantly lost weight and reduced waist circumference at 6 months, with some cardiometabolic factors trending accordingly. Significant reduction in self-reported anxiety and perceived stress was seen in the immediate intervention group at 6 months. Retention rate was 93% at 3 months and 86% at 6 months post-baseline. Overall eCMP attendance was high with 59.5-83.8% of immediate and delayed intervention participants attending 50% of the virtual stress management and behavioral lifestyle sessions and 37.8-62.2% attending at least 4 out of 7 in-person physical activity sessions. The intervention received high ratings for satisfaction. CONCLUSIONS: The technology-assisted eCMP is a feasible and well-accepted intervention and may significantly decrease cardiometabolic risk among high-risk individuals. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT02246400; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02246400 (Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/6h6mWWokP).
The direct medical cost of cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, diabetes, cancer, pregnancy and female infertility in a large HMO in Israel.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to assess the direct medical cost of treating major chronic illnesses in Maccabi Healthcare Services, a 1.8 million member health maintenance organization in Israel. METHODS: Direct medical costs were calculated for each member in 2006. We used multiple linear regression models to evaluate the overall costs of chronic conditions (cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, female infertility treatments, and cancer), pregnancy and treatments for female infertility. RESULTS: According to the study model, hypertension was associated with the largest direct medical costs in both sexes. Cardiovascular diseases accounted for 9.5% of the total direct medical costs in men, but only 5.9% in women. Diabetes mellitus accounted for 3.5% of the total medical costs both in men and women and is comparable to the total pregnancy-related costs in women. CONCLUSIONS: The findings indicate that hypertension, diabetes mellitus and female infertility treatments impose a considerable economic burden on public healthcare services in Israel which is comparable with the costs of cancer and cardiovascular diseases.
Periodontal disease and the oral-systemic connection: "is it all the RAGE?".; Ample studies have reported on the association between periodontal diseases, a persistent inflammatory process, and other chronic ailments such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer disease, and cancer. Other conditions such as low birth weight and premature delivery due to chorioamnionitis are also known to be linked to poor periodontal health. Although much epidemiologic data support these associations, a cause-and-effect relationship has not been established. The receptor for advanced glycation end products (RAGE) is a multiligand receptor expressed on various cell membranes, including immune, endothelial, and epithelial, and cells of the central nervous system. This receptor, which is frequently associated with proinflammatory responses, has been shown to be activated by various ligands such as high mobility group box-1 (HMGB1/amphoterin), amyloid fibrils, transthyrein, Mac-1 (Integrin Mac-1), as well as advanced glycation end products (AGEs). Recent studies indicate that signaling through RAGE has been implicated as an underlying condition in diverse pathologies including periodontal disease, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer disease, cancer, and neurologic conditions. Review of the literature supports the hypothesis that activation of RAGE by ligands in a variety of cell types and tissues may play a role in oral systemic associations. In addition, the ligand cell source and timing of RAGE stimulation may determine the disease produced by this axis. Understanding the distribution and functions of RAGE and its ligands would enhance clinicians' knowledge on pathogenesis of the oral-systemic connection.
Growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) in endocrinology.; Human growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) is a widely distributed protein that has shown to play multiple roles in both physiological and pathological conditions. In healthy individuals, GDF-15 is mainly expressed in the placenta, followed by the prostate, although low levels of expression have also been detected in different organs. GDF-15 acts through a recently identified receptor called glial-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) receptor alpha-like (GFRAL) which signals through the rearranged during transfection (RET) tyrosine kinase receptor. The effects of GDF-15 are pleiotropic and include appetite regulation, and actions on metabolism, pregnancy, cell survival, immune response, and inflammation. GDF-15 also plays different roles in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease, autoimmunity, cancer-associated anorexia/cachexia, and diabetes. In recent years, several studies have reported a link between GDF-15 and the endocrine system. In this review, we up-date and summarize the relevant investigations of the relationships between GDF-15 and different endocrine conditions. We also assess the potential pathogenic role and potential therapeutic applications of GDF-15 in the field of endocrinology.
Fetal and infant origins of diabetes and ill health: evidence from Puerto Rico's 1928 and 1932 hurricanes.; A natural experiment is employed to analyze the relationship between living standards, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Results show that shocks generated by two powerful tropical storms striking Puerto Rico during the late 1920s and early 1930s had long-term consequences consistent with the fetal origins hypothesis. Individuals in the womb or early infancy in the aftermath of the storms are more likely to report a diagnosis of hypertension, high cholesterol, diabetes, and are considerably more likely to have no formal schooling.
Vitamin D: beyond bone.; In recent years, vitamin D has been received increased attention due to the resurgence of vitamin D deficiency and rickets in developed countries and the identification of extraskeletal effects of vitamin D, suggesting unexpected benefits of vitamin D in health and disease, beyond bone health. The possibility of extraskeletal effects of vitamin D was first noted with the discovery of the vitamin D receptor (VDR) in tissues and cells that are not involved in maintaining mineral homeostasis and bone health, including skin, placenta, pancreas, breast, prostate and colon cancer cells, and activated T cells. However, the biological significance of the expression of the VDR in different tissues is not fully understood, and the role of vitamin D in extraskeletal health has been a matter of debate. This report summarizes recent research on the roles for vitamin D in cancer, immunity and autoimmune diseases, cardiovascular and respiratory health, pregnancy, obesity, erythropoiesis, diabetes, muscle function, and aging.
Metabolic syndrome and the risk of placental dysfunction.; BACKGROUND: Placental dysfunction (PD), which may manifest partly as the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and abruption or infarction of the placenta, occurs more commonly in women with obesity, chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidemia-each a major feature of the metabolic syndrome. However, the relationship between the metabolic syndrome and the future risk of PD or fetal demise is unknown. METHODS: We completed a retrospective cohort study of 1.03 million women who had a first documented delivery in the province of Ontario between 1990 and 2002. Using linked administrative databases, we categorized women as having zero, one, two, or three to four features of the metabolic syndrome up to 24 months before their index delivery hospitalization. Women were considered to have placental dysfunction if they had a diagnosis of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, placental abruption, or placental infarction during their first hospitalization for delivery in the period of study. RESULTS: At the time of delivery, 75 380 women (7.3%) were diagnosed as having PD. There was a progressive increase in the risk of PD in women with one (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 3.1; 95% confidence interval [CI] 3.0-3.1), two (OR 5.5; 95% CI 5.2-5.8), or three to four (OR 7.7; 95% CI 6.7-8.9) features of the metabolic syndrome, compared with none. A similar gradient effect was seen for the combined outcome of PD with poor fetal growth, or of PD with concomitant fetal death. CONCLUSIONS: Women who exhibit features of the metabolic syndrome before pregnancy have a higher graded risk of PD and fetal demise. Studies are needed to determine whether modifying a woman's metabolic profile before pregnancy, through modest caloric restriction and increased physical activity, can lower her future risk of PD.
Prothrombotic state, cardiovascular, and metabolic syndrome risk factors in prepubertal children born large for gestational age.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk factors in prepubertal children born large for gestational age (LGA) to nondiabetic, nonobese mothers. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: At 6-7 years of age, the comparison of various factors was made between 31 LGA and 34 appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) children: fibrinogen, antithrombin III, protein C and S, fasting insulin, glucose, homeostasis assessment model of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index, adiponectin, leptin, visfatin, IGF-1, IGF-binding protein (IGFBP)-1, IGFBP-3, lipids, and the genetic factors V Leiden G1691A mutation, prothrombin 20210A/G polymorphism, and mutation in the enzyme 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate-reductase gene (MTHFR-C677T). RESULTS: LGA children had higher levels of leptin (P<0.01), fasting insulin (P<0.01), and HOMA-IR (P<0.01), but lower IGFBP-3 (P=0.0001), fibrinogen (P=0.0001), and lipoprotein(a) (P<0.001) than AGA children. Significantly more LGA children were homozygous for the MTHFR-C677T mutation (P=0.0016). CONCLUSIONS: Being born LGA to nondiabetic, nonobese mothers is associated with diverse effects on cardiometabolic risk factors at prepuberty.
Regional differences in the prevalence of pre-eclampsia in relation to the risk factors for coronary artery disease in women in Finland.; AIMS: The aim of this study was to examine the prevalence of pre-eclampsia in Southern, Eastern, and Northern Finland, and the relationship between history of pre-eclampsia and maternal coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors. METHODS AND RESULTS: Women aged 25-64 years, who participated in a cross-sectional population survey and had been pregnant (n=3650), were studied. The proportion of women who had ever had pre-eclampsia was lower in Southern (7.9%) compared with Northern Finland (13.9%) (P=0.001), but did not differ from Eastern Finland (11.1%). In the logistic regression model, the age-adjusted prevalence of pre-eclampsia was 1.92-fold in Northern (95% CI: 1.46-2.53, P<0.001) and 1.47-fold in Eastern Finland (95% CI: 1.11-1.96, P=0.008) compared with Southern Finland. The odds ratios (ORs) were 1.70 (95% CI: 1.21-2.38, P=0.002) and 1.16 (95% CI: 0.82-1.64, P=0.40), respectively, when adjusted for age at first birth, current age, parity, body mass index (BMI), increased blood cholesterol, hypertension, diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance, CAD, and mother's myocardial infarction. History of pre-eclampsia was associated with increased blood cholesterol, higher current BMI and blood pressure, and higher current prevalence of hypertension, diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance. CONCLUSIONS: Pre-eclampsia is most prevalent in the Northern part of Finland and could only be partly explained by higher prevalence of CAD risk factors.
Improving systems of prenatal and postpartum care for hyperglycemia in pregnancy: A process evaluation.; OBJECTIVE: To identify successes to date and opportunities for improvement in the implementation of a complex health systems intervention aiming to improve prenatal and postpartum care and health outcomes for women with hyperglycemia in pregnancy in regional and remote Australia. METHODS: A qualitative evaluation, underpinned by the RE-AIM framework (reach, effectiveness, adoption, implementation, maintenance), was conducted mid-intervention. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with the participants, who included clinicians, regional policymakers and managers, and study implementation staff. RESULTS: Interviewees (n = 45) reported that the early phase of the intervention had resulted in the establishment of a clinician network, increased clinician awareness of hyperglycemia in pregnancy, and improvements in management, including earlier referral for specialist care and a focus on improving communication with women. Enablers of implementation included existing relationships with stakeholders and alignment of the intervention with health service priorities. Challenges included engaging remote clinicians and the labor-intensive nature of maintaining a clinical register of women with hyperglycemia in pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The early phase of this health systems intervention has had a positive perceived impact on systems of care for women with hyperglycemia in pregnancy. Findings have informed modifications to the intervention, including the development of a communication and engagement strategy.
Obstetric considerations in the management of pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients.; Kidney transplant improves reproductive function; planning for pregnancy is crucial. Prenatal management must address potential fetal complications: preterm delivery, intrauterine growth restriction, low birth weight; as well as maternal: hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, acute rejection or graft loss. The latter depends upon timing after transplant, prepregnancy kidney function, and continuation of immunosuppressive agents at appropriate levels. Graft function is not adversely affected if preconception kidney function was normal. Acute rejection, 9%-14%, must be immediately addressed, with kidney biopsy if necessary. Blood pressure should be meticulously managed; serious morbidity results from poor control. Blood pressures >130/80 mmHg require acceptable antihypertensives: beta-blockers, alpha-methyldopa, hydralazine, and calcium channel blockers. Preeclampsia requires seizure prophylaxis with magnesium sulfate, with expeditious delivery. Screening for urinary tract infections with aggressive treatment and for opportunistic infections that may affect the fetus is essential. Surveillance for fetal anomalies, growth, and antenatal testing is important. Steroids for fetal lung maturity are indicated for preterm delivery. Vaginal birth is preferred, reserving cesarean for obstetrical indications, with pain management similar to normal laboring patients. Surveillance for infection postpartum is warranted. Conflicting information exists regarding safety of breastfeeding with immunosuppressive drugs; immunosuppressive medication must be adjusted to prepregnancy levels and contraception counseling addressed.
Color flow mapping in obstetrics.; Blood flow studies are now used extensively in evaluating fetal peripheral circulation. By using continuous and pulsed Doppler ultrasonic equipment the raw Doppler shifts caused by blood moving in the vessels can be analyzed in different ways. Spectral data can be used to estimate blood velocity and volume in the vessel, and pulsatility characteristics and turbulence. All these data are obtained from very restricted areas within the body so that aiming of the probe is critical, and obtaining data from an area requires long and tedious effort. Color flow mapping which has recently been introduced into clinical practice provides an overview of flow velocities and directions within an area. Color coded flow can be displayed by applying the moving target identification principle (as in radar) to an ultrasonic diagnostic instrument where sound waves are used instead of radio waves. The value of flow mapping has already been recognized in the diagnosis of congenital and acquired heart disease in adults and children. Direct visualization of intracardiac flow provides for a fast and accurate diagnosis of various cardiac defects, such as the ventricular septal defect, without cardiac catheterization. In the present study we have investigated the potential of color flow mapping in obstetrics. 211 pregnant women were examined between the 15th and 40th weeks of pregnancy. 193 of them had normal pregnancies; 18 were abnormal, including 11 cases of insulin dependent diabetes, 2 cases of Rh-immunization, 2 cases of nonimmunologic fetal hydrops, 2 cases of fetal cardiac structural defects and 1 case of intrauterine growth retardation. Intracardiac flow was clearly seen in 78% (35/45) of cases at the gestational age between the 20th and 24th weeks. After the 24th week the heart flow visualization rate gradually decreased to 31% (11/36) before term. In 2 cases of congenital heart abnormality flow mapping enabled clear visualization of reverse flow through the tricuspid valve and diagnosis of valvular insufficiency. The best results in studies of flow in peripheral vessels were obtained from umbilical vessels which were seen in all cases after the 15th week. The flow visualization rate was much lower when the fetal aorta, intrahepatic umbilical vein and internal carotid artery were studied. The comparison between the diameter of the umbilical vein measured on the B-scan and flow width in the same vessel showed no significant difference (t = 0.26; p less than 0.01; N = 209).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Premature birth, low birth weight, small for gestational age and chronic non-communicable diseases in adult life: A systematic review with meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Individuals who were born prematurely (PT), with low birth weight (LBW), or small for gestational age (SGA) appear to present a set of permanent changes that make them more susceptible to develop chronic non-communicable diseases (CNCD) in adult life. AIM: Investigating the association between PT birth, LBW or SGA at birth and CNCD incidence in adult life. METHODS: Systematic review with meta-analysis of studies available in three databases - two of them are official (PubMed and Web of Science) and one is gray literature (OpenGrey) - based on pre-established search and eligibility criteria. RESULTS: Sixty-four studies were included in the review, 93.7% of them only investigated one of the exposure variables (46.7% LBW, 35.0% PT and 18.3% SGA at birth), whereas 6.3% investigated more than one exposure variable (50.0% LBW and PT; 50.0% SGA and PT). There was association among all exposure variables in the following outcomes: cardiometabolic (CMD) and glycidic metabolism (GMD) disorders, changes in body composition and risk of developing metabolic syndrome (MS). Female sex was identified as risk factor in the exposure-outcome association. Eighteen (18) articles were included in the meta-analysis. There was positive association between LBW and incidence of CMD (OR: 1.25 [95%CI: 1.11; 1.41]; 07 studies), GMD (OR: 1.70 [95%CI: 1.25; 2.30]; 03 studies) and MS (OR: 1.75 [95%CI: 1.27; 2.40]; 02 studies) in adult life. PT was positively associated with CMD (OR: 1.38 [95%CI: 1.27; 1.51]; 05 studies). CONCLUSIONS: LBW and PT are associated with CMD and GMD development, as well as with the risk of developing MS in adult life.
Dietary patterns and retinal vascular calibre in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes.; PURPOSE: To examine the association between dietary patterns and retinal vascular calibre in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: A hospital-based cross-sectional study of 83 children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes was conducted over an 8-month period. Dietary patterns were extracted using principal components analysis from completed food frequency questionnaires. Retinal vascular calibre was measured by a trained grader using a standardized protocol and later summarized as central retinal artery equivalent (CRAE) and central retinal vein equivalent (CRVE) using a semi-automated computer program. RESULTS: Three major dietary patterns were identified as follows: (1) processed foods, (2) plant-based foods and (3) vegetable/fish avoidance pattern. The processed pattern had high component loadings for processed meats and high fat takeaway foods. The plant-based pattern had high component loadings for a number of fruits including, but not limited to, pineapple, grapes oranges and mangos as well as a smaller number of vegetables, including beans and leeks. The vegetable and fish avoidance pattern had high inverse component loadings for canned and fresh fish as well as a number of vegetables including, but not limited to, pumpkin, green beans, broccoli, sweet potato and cabbage. Adjusted regression analysis revealed the 'vegetable/fish avoidance' dietary pattern was associated with a wider CRVE (ExpB = 3.67, 95% CI = 0.11/7.24, p = 0.039). After multivariable adjustments, a vascular risk profile that included: older age, higher BMI, higher systolic blood pressure, greater gestational age, longer screen viewing time, lower maternal education level, lower physical activity levels and lower high-density lipoproteins concentrations were more likely to display narrower CRAE (ExpB = -2.43, 95% CI = -4.92/0.06, p = 0.041). CONCLUSIONS: This study provides the first evidence for a diet-calibre relationship in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes. This outcome has potential public health implications, as promotion of healthy eating patterns in children and adolescents might attenuate changes in microvasculature that have been related to an increased risk of microvascular disease, such as retinopathy, in adulthood. Additional studies are warranted to explore and validate this novel finding.
Final height and cardiometabolic outcomes in young adults with very low birth weight (<1500 g).; OBJECTIVE: Individuals with very low birth weight (VLBW; <1500 g) are known to be predisposed to both short final height and cardiometabolic disorders. However, associations between final height and cardiometabolic outcomes including glucose metabolism in VLBW individuals in young adulthood are not fully investigated. METHODS: We investigated glucose metabolism and other cardiometabolic outcomes such as lipid profiles, blood pressure, renal function, urinary albumin, and thyroid function in young adults with VLBW born between 1980 and 1990. Short stature was defined as a final height <10th percentile. Glucose intolerance [diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and impaired fasting glucose (IFG)] was determined using 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests. Associations between final height and cardiometabolic outcomes were examined using logistic or multiple linear regression. RESULTS: A total of 628 VLBW individuals were screened and 111 young adults with VLBW (19-30 years) participated in the study. Of the participants, 40 subjects (36%) had short stature with a final height <10th percentile. Eight subjects (7.2%) had glucose intolerance (1, diabetes; 6, IGT; 1, IFG). Short stature was correlated with glucose intolerance (odds ratio 11.1; 95% CI 1.92, 99.7; P = 0.006). Final height was inversely associated with the homeostatic model assessment (HOMA) of insulin resistance, HOMA-β, insulinogenic index, and total/LDL-cholesterol. The associations of final height with insulin sensitivity and lipid profiles remained after adjustment for target height and age at puberty onset. CONCLUSIONS: Shorter final height was associated with less favorable metabolic profiles in young adults with VLBW, and may be partly mediated by reduced insulin sensitivity. These associations were independent of target height or age at puberty onset.
[Juvenile cerebral infarct. Retrospective analysis of risk factors in 78 cases].; THe records of 78 young adults, who had suffered cerebral infarction, were reviewed with regard to possible pathogenetic mechanisms. Atherosclerosis risk factors appeared to play a major role between the age of 40 and 50, especially in males. Non atherosclerotic factors of cerebral ischemia were found predominant among females under 40, owing to contribution of migraine, oral contraceptive use and pregnancy/puerperium. In 18% of the patients no etiology could be identified.
Associations of maternal and foetoplacental factors with prehypertension/hypertension in early childhood.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether characterization of maternal and foetoplacental factors beyond birthweight can enable early identification of children at risk of developing prehypertension/hypertension. METHODS: We recruited 693 mother-offspring dyads from the GUSTO prospective mother-offspring cohort. Prehypertension/hypertension at age 6 years was identified using the simplified paediatric threshold of 110/70 mmHg. We evaluated the associations of pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes, excessive/inadequate gestational weight gain, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy), foetal growth deceleration (decline in foetal abdominal circumference at least 0.67 standard deviations between second and third trimesters), high foetoplacental vascular resistance (third trimester umbilical artery systolic-to-diastolic ratio ≥90th centile), preterm birth, small-for-gestational age and neonatal kidney volumes with risk of prehypertension/hypertension at age 6 years, after adjusting for sex, ethnicity, maternal education and prepregnancy BMI. RESULTS: Pregnancy complications, small-for-gestational age, preterm birth, and low neonatal kidney volume were not associated with an increased risk of prehypertension/hypertension at age 6 years. In contrast, foetal growth deceleration was associated with a 72% higher risk [risk ratio (RR) = 1.72, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.18-2.52]. High foetoplacental vascular resistance was associated with a 58% higher risk (RR = 1.58, 95% CI 0.96-2.62). Having both these characteristics, relative to having neither, was associated with over two-fold higher risk (RR = 2.55, 95% CI 1.26-5.16). Over 85% of the foetuses with either of these characteristics were born appropriate or large for gestational age. CONCLUSION: Foetal growth deceleration and high foetoplacental vascular resistance may be helpful in prioritizing high-risk children for regular blood pressure monitoring and preventive interventions, across the birthweight spectrum.
The oral-medical disease connection: pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes.; There is considerable perplexity regarding the oral-systemic connection. Existing research, including epidemiologic findings, interventional studies, and a smaller number of reports seeking to elucidate mechanisms of action, have been somewhat contradictory. Of importance to the practicing clinician is how to gain understanding of this abundance of emerging scientific evidence, synthesize it, and integrate it into clinical practice. In essence, clinicians need to be able to authoritatively respond to their patients' inquiries regarding relationships between oral and systemic disease. This article seeks to provide insights to this issue with regards to pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes.
Increased obstetric and neonatal risks in artificial cycles for frozen embryo transfers?; RESEARCH QUESTION: What are the obstetric and neonatal risks for women conceiving via frozen-thawed embryo transfer (FET) during a modified natural cycle compared with an artificial cycle method. DESIGN: A follow-up study to the ANTARCTICA randomized controlled trial (RCT) (NTR 1586) conducted in the Netherlands, which showed that modified natural cycle FET (NC-FET) was non-inferior to artificial cycle FET (AC-FET) in terms of live birth rates. The current study collected data on obstetric and neonatal outcomes of 98 women who had a singleton live birth. The main outcome was birthweight; additional outcomes included hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, premature birth, gestational diabetes, obstetric haemorrhage and neonatal outcomes including Apgar scores and admission to the neonatal ward or the neonatal intensive care unit and congenital anomalies. RESULTS: Data from 82 out of 98 women were analysed according to the per protocol principle. There was no significant difference in the birthweights of children born between groups (mean difference -124 g [-363 g to 114 g]; P = 0.30). Women who conceived by modified NC-FET have a decreased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy compared with AC-FET (relative risk 0.27; 95% CI 0.08-0.94; P = 0.031). Other outcomes, such as rates of premature birth, gestational diabetes or obstetric haemorrhage and neonatal outcomes, were not significantly different. CONCLUSIONS: The interpretation is that modified NC-FET is the preferred treatment in women with ovulatory cycles undergoing FET when the increased risk of obstetrical complications and potential neonatal complications in AC-FET are considered.
Gestational programming of offspring obesity: a potential contributor to Alzheimer's disease.; Obesity and its related diseases are the leading cause of death in western society, with associated risks of hypertension, coronary heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and breast, prostate and colon cancer. Recent epidemiologic data indicate an increased risk of Alzheimer's disease in association with adult obesity. There is now convincing evidence that, in both human and animal models, the in utero environment may impact on fetal developmental processes, altering offspring homeostatic regulatory mechanisms. "Gestational programming" may result in altered cell number, organ structure, hormonal set points or gene expression, with effects being permanent or expressed only at select offspring ages (e.g., newborn, adult). Our laboratory and others have demonstrated that low birth weight rats, induced by maternal food restriction or uterine artery ligation, paradoxically develop adult obesity with glucose intolerance and hypertension. Recent studies indicate alterations in peripheral (hepatic) and central (hippocampus) IGF-1 gene expression and epigenetic regulation among these offspring. These findings suggest that potential risk factors for the development of Alzheimer's disease may be present as early as newborn life.
Cesarean section in spinal anesthesia on a patient with mesencephalic tumor and ventriculoperitoneal drainage -A case report-.; A seventeen-year-old pregnant woman with a mesencephalic tumor and ventriculoperitoneal (VP) drainage was admitted to the hospital at full term pregnancy to give birth. Elective cesarean section was performed because of her prime disease (mesencephalic tumor), breech position of the baby, gestational diabetes and expected weight of the baby of more than 4 kg. The operation was performed under spinal anesthesia. Spinal block was performed smoothly, using a pencil point spinal needle 27 G, at the L3-L4 intervertebral space, with hyperbaric bupivacaine 8 mg plus fentanyl 15 µg. Sensory block Th 5 was reached within 5 minutes. The patient was hemodynamically stabile during the anesthesia and the procedure was uneventful. The woman developed no neurologic symptoms, and a healthy female child was born. This is the first case of a pregnant woman with a cerebral tumor and VP drainage on whom a successful delivery was performed with C-section under spinal anesthesia.
Determinants of early life leptin levels and later life degenerative outcomes.; The early (intrauterine and neonatal) life environment plays an important role in programming the susceptibility in later life to chronic degenerative diseases, such as obesity, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, cancer and osteoporosis. Among other hormones, leptin plays a major role in the regulation of the overall metabolism and has multiple neuroendocrine (adeno- and neuro-hypophysis axes and the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis) and immune functions. The hormone exerts its actions beginning in the early life time period, regulating the intrauterine and early extrauterine life growth and development, as well as the adaptation to extrauterine life, neonatal thermogenesis and response to stress. Recent findings also support a role of leptin in the process of fetal bone remodeling and brain development. Therefore, it is of interest to explore the physiology of leptin in early life, as well as those factors that may perturb the balance of the hormone with pathological consequences in terms of confining an increased risk for disease in later life. This review aims to summarize reported findings concerning the role of leptin in early life, as well as the association of fetal, maternal and placental factors with leptin levels, while attempting to speculate mechanisms through which these factors may influence the risk for developing chronic diseases in later life.
Omega-3 fatty acids: a comprehensive review of their role in health and disease.; Omega-3 fatty acids (omega-3 FAs) are essential fatty acids with diverse biological effects in human health and disease. Reduced cardiovascular morbidity and mortality is a well-established benefit of their intake. Dietary supplementation may also benefit patients with dyslipidaemia, atherosclerosis, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, obesity, inflammatory diseases, neurological/ neuropsychiatric disorders and eye diseases. Consumption of omega-3 FAs during pregnancy reduces the risk of premature birth and improves intellectual development of the fetus. Fish, fish oils and some vegetable oils are rich sources of omega-3 FAs. According to the UK Scientific Advisory Committee on Nutrition guidelines (2004), a healthy adult should consume a minimum of two portions of fish a week to obtain the health benefit. This review outlines the health implications, dietary sources, deficiency states and recommended allowances of omega-3 FAs in relation to human nutrition.
Evaluation of Pregnancy Outcomes After Liver Transplantation.; Liver transplantation is increasing worldwide. Pregnancy after liver transplantation is considered to be well tolerated with favorable neonatal outcomes in cases of stable and sufficient graft function. In this study, our aim was to determine pregnancy and neonatal outcomes of patients after liver transplantation. Data for patients who had been followed-up by the liver transplantation clinic at the Dokuz Eylül University Medical Faculty Hospital, Turkey, between 2002 and 2016, and who had pregnancy after the transplantation were evaluated retrospectively. The earliest post-transplantation conception occurred after 22 months and the latest conception occurred after 108 months (mean, 55.4 months). Twenty-one pregnancies concluded with live births (100%). The mean birth week was 37.09. The earliest birth occurred at 27 weeks and the latest at 40 weeks. Mean birth weight was 2993 g (10(th) to 25(th) percentiles). No pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, or gestational diabetes were observed in any patient. Five pregnancies concluded with premature birth. In conclusion, several complications may occur during pregnancy (such as hypertension or pre-eclampsia, etc) in patients with liver transplantation, but it seems that pregnancy has good effects on graft functions and the neonatal outcomes are favorable.
Fetal origins of cardiovascular disease.; Several epidemiologic studies have shown that intrauterine growth retardation is a risk factor for the development of cardiovascular disease in later life. In this review, we discuss these epidemiologic studies and animal models that have been developed to investigate the pathophysiology of this phenomenon. We discuss data suggesting that intrauterine growth retardation leads to fetal exposure to maternal glucocorticoids. In addition, we present other data showing that fetal exposure of glucocorticoids during specific times of fetal development results in focal and segmental glomerulosclerosis, a reduced number of nephrons, hypertension, and diabetes. These studies suggest that at critical times during fetal development fetal injury programs the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in later life.
History of infertility and pregnancy outcomes in Project Viva: a prospective study.; BACKGROUND: Infertility has been associated with the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. It is not clear whether infertility and underlying causes of infertility or the use of medically assisted reproduction (MAR) therapies are responsible for the observed associations. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the association of history of infertility with pregnancy outcomes and identify whether the associations, if present, differed by subgroups defined by the use of MAR. METHODS: Prospective study of 2201 pregnant women from the Boston-area Project Viva cohort. The exposure was history of infertility based on self-reported time to pregnancy ≥12 mo (or ≥ 6 mo if ≥35 y) or use of MAR; a diagnosis of infertility or claims for infertility treatments from medical records. The outcomes included: gestational glucose tolerance (gestational diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, isolated hyperglycemia vs. normoglycemia), hypertensive disorders (gestational hypertension/preeclampsia vs. normotension), gestational weight gain (inadequate/excessive vs. adequate), systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure, birthweight-for-gestational age z-score (tertile 2 and 3 vs. 1), preterm birth (<37 vs. ≥37 weeks at delivery), and birth outcome (pregnancy loss vs. live birth). We performed linear and logistic/multinomial regression analyses adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, age at menarche, pre-pregnancy BMI, and prenatal smoking. RESULTS: Mean (SD) age was 32.0 (5.0) years, and 18.8% of women had history of infertility, 32.6% of whom used MAR. SBP across pregnancy was 0.72 mmHg higher in women with vs. without infertility (95% CI 0.02, 1.42). The associations were stronger among women who used MAR (β 1.32 mmHg, 95% CI 0.21, 2.44), especially among those who used gonadotropins or gonadotropin-releasing hormone [GnRH] agonists (β 1.91 mmHg, 95% CI 0.48, 3.35). Other outcomes were not associated with history of infertility. CONCLUSIONS: A history of infertility was associated with higher SBP during pregnancy, with stronger associations among those who used gonadotropins or GnRH agonists. Future studies are needed to confirm these findings and determine their clinical implications.
Effect of postpartum lifestyle interventions on weight loss, smoking cessation, and prevention of smoking relapse: a systematic review.; Postpartum lifestyle interventions are recommended for women after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes, since they are at increased cardiovascular risk. To identify potential intervention strategies to reduce this risk, a systematic review of the literature is presented on the effectiveness of postpartum lifestyle interventions aimed at weight loss, smoking cessation, and smoking relapse prevention. The main characteristics of these postpartum lifestyle interventions are briefly described. The PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, PsychInfo, and Cinahl databases were searched for studies on the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions on weight loss, and smoking cessation or prevention of smoking relapse, initiated for up to 1 year postpartum. No studies on the effectiveness of postpartum lifestyle interventions after the aforementioned specific pregnancy complications were found. However, 21 studies are included that describe existing postpartum lifestyle interventions, which were applied to unselected (on the basis of pregnancy complications) postpartum women. Six of 8 weight loss interventions, 4 of 5 smoking cessation interventions, and 4 of 8 smoking relapse prevention interventions were effective. Individually tailored counseling, group counseling sessions, and use of diaries or other correspondence materials were shown to be effective. Currently, postpartum lifestyle interventions tailored specifically for women who experienced the pregnancy complications are lacking. While awaiting their development, it seems reasonable to utilize existing lifestyle interventions shown to be effective in unselected postpartum women. LEARNING OBJECTIVES: After completion of this educational activity, the obstetrician/gynecologist should be better able to: counsel patients on how to apply existing postpartum lifestyle intervention strategies aimed at weight loss, smoking cessation, and smoking relapse prevention to lower future cardiovascular risk; and educate postpartum women who have experienced preeclampsia, intra-uterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes about their increased cardiovascular risk later in life. TARGET AUDIENCE: Obstetricians & Gynecologists, Family Physicians.
[Characteristics of diabetes mellitus patients under a chronic disease program].; Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is a chronic noncommunicable disease with a prevalence of 9.8% in Argentina. A Chronic Disease Program was developed for monitoring of patients with DM at the Ambulatory Center of DASPU, in National University of Cordoba Argentina. OBJECTIVE: To describe clinical characteristics of DM patients under a chronic disease program and to identify metabolic control variables associated with the presence of complications. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Observational, cross-sectional, descriptive study of DM Patients who attended at ambulatory center of DASPU since 2010. Categorical variables were described as proportions and number as mean ± SD. The comparison of means was performed using student test. RESULTS: 1017 patients were analyzed with mean age of 61 ± 14 years, with 54.6% of male, 8.5% had type 1 DM, and 90.9% had DM type 2: O.7% had gestational DM. Cardiovascular risk factor were: hypertension in 78%, dyslipidemia in 35. 25.5% of patients had micro vascular complications and 18.6% had macro vascular complications. Coronary heart disease was the most frequent complication in 14.5% of the patients. . 69% had values of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C) ≤ 7, 4%; the average total cholesterol was 185 mg / dl and LDL cholesterol 111 mg / dl. The average HbA1C was higher in patients with micro vascular complications, HbA1c 7.47% vs. 7.18% (p = 0.009). In patients with macrovascular complications there was no significant inverse trend, HbA1c 7.21% vs 7.26% with and without complications (p = 0.65). The average total cholesterol was lower in the group with macro vascular complications 173 mg / dl and 189 mg / dl (p = 0.001). Similar result was observed in LDL-C: 101 vs 113 mg / dl (p = 0.001) in patients with and without complications, respectively. CONCLUSION: Clinical characteristics of the patients under the program were similar to other studies reported in the literature, but the values of HbA1c and total cholesterol have better results, achieving optimal values in a large percentage of the population, with lower levels in patients with macrovascular complications.
Is preeclampsia an independent predictor of diastolic dysfunction? A retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine if preeclampsia is an independent predictor of diastolic dysfunction and what factors among patients with preeclampsia are associated with diastolic dysfunction. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study of patients who delivered between 2008 and 2013 at a single institution who had a maternal echocardiogram during their pregnancy or within 5months of delivery. Patients with structural heart disease, ejection fraction less than 45%, pulmonary embolus, or age over 45years were excluded. Medical records were reviewed for medical and obstetric complications and echocardiogram findings. Demographic characteristics and rate of diastolic dysfunction were compared between patients with preeclampsia and without preeclampsia. Multivariate logistic regression was performed controlling for age, ethnicity, gestational age at delivery, diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), antihypertensive use and magnesium sulfate administration. RESULTS: Sixty-six patients were identified, of which 39 (59%) had preeclampsia. Past history of preeclampsia, IUGR in the current pregnancy, antihypertensive use and magnesium sulfate use were higher in the preeclampsia group. Fifteen patients (39%) in the preeclampsia group were African-American compared to 2 (3%) in the control group (p<0.01). Seventeen (44%) of the patients with preeclampsia were found to have diastolic dysfunction compared to 3 (11%) controls (OR=6.18, 95% CI 1.59,24.02; p=0.006). Logistic regression analysis did not reveal other independent predictors of diastolic dysfunction. In the patients with preeclampsia, history of preeclampsia with severe features and IUGR were not associated with diastolic dysfunction. CONCLUSIONS: Our study supports previous findings that preeclampsia is associated with diastolic dysfunction.
Investigation of awareness and anxiety levels of pregnant women during pandemic process.; OBJECTIVES: It is currently unknown that how pregnant women deal with the Coronavirus disease and its results. The aim of this study is to evaluate the psychological impact of the coronavirus pandemic on pregnant women and to determine whether pregnant women have sufficient knowledge and awareness for a healthy antenatal process. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This study was conducted at two centers. Regardless of the gestational age, a questionnaire was distributed to 1003 pregnant women in total, from which 51 original questions we prepared. Five hundred twenty-six participants were included in the study. The questionnaire was delivered using the QR code method. The questionnaires were answered online by participants via SurveyMonkey. RESULTS: The period when anxiety was highest was the 2nd trimester, whereas women in the 1st trimester had the lowest level of anxiety. High levels of awareness were observed in patients with heart disease, but patients with diabetes mellitus had a high level of anxiety. CONCLUSIONS: It is important to maintain the mental and physical health of pregnant women, who are in a more delicate condition than other individuals in the society. In this regard, healthcare professionals have important duties such as taking necessary precautions and explaining the seriousness of the situation to pregnant women.
Nuclear magnetic resonance lipoproteins are associated with carotid atherosclerosis in type 1 diabetes and pre-eclampsia.; AIMS: Persistence of lipoprotein abnormalities in type 1 diabetes (T1D) and/or pre-eclampsia could be associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD). We assessed differences in the advanced lipoprotein profiles according to the presence of both conditions and their differential association with atherosclerosis. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We recruited 112 women without CVD and last pregnancy ≥5 years previously, divided into four groups (n = 28 per group): (a) T1D and previous pre-eclampsia; (b) T1D without pre-eclampsia; (c) pre-eclampsia without T1D; and (d) controls (without T1D/pre-eclampsia). Groups were matched by several risk factors, and diabetes duration and retinopathy in T1D. Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and the presence of plaque (IMT ≥1.5 mm) were assessed by ultrasonography. The lipoprotein profile was evaluated by nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. RESULTS: The participants were 44.9 ± 7.8 years old. Carotid plaque presence was 20.5%, with a higher prevalence in T1D and/or pre-eclampsia vs controls (P < .05). High-density lipoprotein (HDL)-related variables differed among groups, mainly driven by an increase in T1D (P < .05), whereas triglyceride-related variables were increased in pre-eclampsia [medium very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles and triglyceride enrichment in HDL and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)]. Overall, in multivariate-adjusted models, LDL-related variables were the most strongly associated with atherosclerosis (P < .05). In age- and statin-adjusted models, previous pre-eclampsia showed an independent association with triglyceride-related variables (plaque: medium-VLDL-particles, OR 1.550 [1.013-2.374]; HDL-cholesterol/HDL-triglycerides ratio, OR 0.411 [0.175-0.967]). Regarding T1D, HDL-parameters were also differentially associated (maximum-IMT: HDL-cholesterol/HDL-particles ratio, β = -.258, P = .036). CONCLUSIONS: NMR lipoproteins were differentially and independently associated with atherosclerosis in T1D/pre-eclampsia. Further studies are needed to ascertain the role of NMR parameters as CVD biomarkers in this high-risk population.
Latin American consensus: children born small for gestational age.; BACKGROUND: Children born small for gestational age (SGA) experience higher rates of morbidity and mortality than those born appropriate for gestational age. In Latin America, identification and optimal management of children born SGA is a critical issue. Leading experts in pediatric endocrinology throughout Latin America established working groups in order to discuss key challenges regarding the evaluation and management of children born SGA and ultimately develop a consensus statement. DISCUSSION: SGA is defined as a birth weight and/or birth length greater than 2 standard deviations (SD) below the population reference mean for gestational age. SGA refers to body size and implies length-weight reference data in a geographical population whose ethnicity is known and specific to this group. Ideally, each country/region within Latin America should establish its own standards and make relevant updates. SGA children should be evaluated with standardized measures by trained personnel every 3 months during year 1 and every 6 months during year 2. Those without catch-up growth within the first 6 months of life need further evaluation, as do children whose weight is ≤ -2 SD at age 2 years. Growth hormone treatment can begin in SGA children > 2 years with short stature (< -2.0 SD) and a growth velocity < 25th percentile for their age, and should continue until final height (a growth velocity below 2 cm/year or a bone age of > 14 years for girls and > 16 years for boys) is reached. Blood glucose, thyroid function, HbA1c, and insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) should be monitored once a year. Monitoring insulin changes from baseline and surrogates of insulin sensitivity is essential. Reduced fetal growth followed by excessive postnatal catch-up in height, and particularly in weight, should be closely monitored. In both sexes, gonadal function should be monitored especially during puberty. SUMMARY: Children born SGA should be carefully followed by a multidisciplinary group that includes perinatologists, pediatricians, nutritionists, and pediatric endocrinologists since 10% to 15% will continue to have weight and height deficiency through development and may benefit from growth hormone treatment. Standards/guidelines should be developed on a country/region basis throughout Latin America.
Uterine blood flow--a determinant of fetal growth.; An adequate increase of uterine blood flow throughout gestation is essential for uterine, placental and fetal growth. Maternal cardiovascular adaptation has to provide the uterine perfusion that is necessary to meet the requirements of the developing and growing fetus by providing transport of nutrients and oxygen to the placenta and the fetus. Thus, uterine blood flow is inextricably linked to fetal growth and survival. Reductions of uterine blood flow can occur under acute or chronic conditions or in a combination of both. Chronic reductions of uterine blood flow can be observed in pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), diabetes mellitus in pregnancy and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Chronic restrictions in uterine blood flow will elicit a placental and fetal response in the form of growth adaptation to the reduced supply of oxygen and nutrients to the conceptus. If compensatory growth restriction reaches its limits intrauterine fetal distress can ensue. Among the great number of experimental models of intrauterine growth restriction, those involving a generalized reduction in the uteroplacental blood supply are of significance to questions relating to human pregnancy. Despite physiological differences, particularly with regard to maternal metabolism and placentation, the occlusion model in the pregnant sheep is suitable for investigating questions about fetal and placental growth.
Fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with Turner syndrome: A single centre experience.; OBJECTIVE: Many women with Turner syndrome (TS) will consider fertility options and pregnancy. We wished to examine the fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with TS undergoing oocyte donation (OD) treatment or spontaneous pregnancy in a large single-centre cohort. General population reference data or data from those with idiopathic premature ovarian insufficiency were used as comparators. DESIGN: A retrospective single-centre cross-sectional study. PATIENTS AND MEASUREMENTS: Seventy-four women with TS underwent OD treatment with a total of 105 pregnancies, and 31 women with TS had 71 spontaneous conceptions. Fertility outcomes included clinical pregnancy and live birth rate. Pregnancy outcomes included miscarriage rate, prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, lower segment caesarean section (LSCS), small for gestational age (SGA), prematurity and vertical transmission of TS. RESULTS: In those with TS, OD pregnancies were associated with increased rates of LSCS and SGA compared to spontaneous pregnancies; LSCS (OR: 4.19, 95% CI: 1.6-10.8, p = .003) and SGA (OR: 2.92, 95% CI: 1.02-8.38, p = .04). There were no recorded cardiac events but 5 (17.2%) cases of vertical transmissions of TS in daughters were identified. OD in those with TS was associated with a lower live birth rate per cycle started (OR: 0.53, 95% CI: 0.34-0.84, p = .008) and a higher rate of miscarriage compared to women with POI (40% vs. 26.2%, p = .04). CONCLUSIONS: We show that pregnancy in women with TS, whether OD or spontaneously conceived, carries obstetric risks, and therefore, women with TS, considering pregnancy, should receive comprehensive pre-pregnancy counselling and optimal obstetric care.
Is aging inevitable? The intracellular zinc deficiency hypothesis of aging.; A review of the literature suggests that an intracellular zinc deficiency may be the primary cause of the aging process. Zinc-metalloenzymes play an important role in many aspects of cellular metabolism including DNA replication, repair and transcription. The main enzymes affected by zinc deficiency may be specific for each cell type. Depending on which zinc enzymes are "overvulnerable", zinc deficiency may result in accumulation of useless (or toxic) materials, malproduction of essential proteins, a neoplastic change or cell death, thus explaining the variability in aging patterns in different cell types. There is no simple and reliable index of zinc status in humans and a therapeutic trial may be needed to establish zinc deficiency. Finding a zinc-compound which can enter the cell and avoid the development of intracellular zinc deficiency may retard the aging process and postpone age-related diseases.
Hypertension guideline 2003 update.; OUTCOMES: Extensive data from many randomised controlled trials have shown the benefit of treating hypertension. The target blood pressure (BP) for antihypertensive management should be systolic BP < 140 mmHg, diastolic < 90 mmHg, with minimal or no drug side-effects. However, a lesser reduction will elicit benefit although this is not optimal. The reduction of BP in the elderly and in those with severe hypertension should be achieved gradually over 6 months. Stricter BP control is required for patients with end organ damage, co-existing risk factors and co-morbidity, e.g. diabetes mellitus. Co-existent risk factors should also be controlled. BENEFITS: Reduction in risk of stroke, cardiac failure, renal insufficiency and probably coronary artery disease. The major precautions and contraindications to each antihypertensive drug recommended are listed. RECOMMENDATIONS: Correct BP measurement procedure is described. Evaluation of cardiovascular risk factors and recommendations for antihypertensive therapy are stipulated. The total cardiovascular disease risk profile should be determined for all patients and this should inform management strategies. Lifestyle modification and patient education plays an essential role in the management strategy. Drug therapy: First line--low dose thiazide-like diuretics; second line--add one of the following: reserpine, or beta-blockers or ACE inhibitors or calcium channel blockers; third line--add another second line drug or hydralazine or alpha-blocker. The guideline includes management of specific situations, i.e. hypertensive emergency and urgency, severe hypertension with target organ damage and refractory hypertension (BP > 160/95 mmHg on triple therapy), hypertension in diabetes mellitus, etc. VALIDITY: Developed by the Working Groups established by the Executive Committee of the Southern African Hypertension Society with broader consensus meeting endorsement. The 2001 version was endorsed by the South African Medical Association Guideline Committee. The 2003 revisions were endorsed by the Executive Committee and a wider Working Group.
Diabetic retinopathy. The primary care physician's role in evaluation and management.; The primary care physician should educate all diabetics regarding the roles of diet, exercise, and insulin therapy in controlling the course of their disease, as well as the potential complications, including retinopathy. In type I diabetes, blood glucose levels should be controlled as rigidly as possible with multiple insulin injections and self-monitoring of glucose level. Hypertension should be aggressively treated in all diabetics. Yearly eye examination in patients with type I diabetes is important, and ophthalmologic referral should be considered after the disease has been present for five to ten years, with the first evidence of retinopathy, at puberty, during pregnancy, or if ocular symptoms occur. In patients with type II diabetes an ophthalmologist should make an evaluation as soon as the blood glucose level is controlled. Through use of these steps, the risk of blindness in diabetics will be minimized.
[Risk factors for premature coronary disease in women].; INTRODUCTION: Coronary disease is the leading cause of death in women, and consequently, identification of cardiovascular risk factors must be a priority. Recent studies have linked pregnancy disturbances and coronary disease, but this hypothesis has remained unproved in Hispanic women. OBJECTIVE: The association of traditional risk factors and pregnancy disturbances with coronary heart disease was assessed in a sample of women with premature coronary disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The case control study included only women <55 years old, who had undergone a coronary angiography. Two hundred women were included, 100 without and 100 with coronary disease, and with mean ages of 46.5±4.3 and 49.5±3.7 years, respectively. Logistic regression analysis was used to assess the relationship between risk factors and coronary disease. Crude and multivariate adjusted odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals were calculated. RESULTS: Univariate analysis showed an association between coronary disease and the past medical history of preeclampsia, premature delivery, low birth weight, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and smoking habit. Logistic regression analysis showed an association of premature delivery (OR=6.0, 95%CI 2.3-15.0, p<0.01), hypercholesterolemia (OR=4.1, 95%CI 2.1-7.8, p<0.01) and smoking habit (OR=1.7, 95%Ci 0.9-3.2, p=0.08). The practice of regular physical activity was identified as a protection factor (OR=0.5, 95%CI 0.3-1.0, p=0.04). CONCLUSION: Pregnancy disturbances and traditional risk factors were related to an increased risk of coronary artery disease in a Hispanic population of women with premature coronary disease.
Association Analysis of Hyperlipidemia with the 28-Day All-Cause Mortality of COVID-19 in Hospitalized Patients.; Objective This study aimed to determine the association of hyperlipidemia with clinical endpoints among hospitalized patients with COVID-19, especially those with pre-existing cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and diabetes. Methods This multicenter retrospective cohort study included all patients who were hospitalized due to COVID-19 from 21 hospitals in Hubei province, China between December 31, 2019 and April 21, 2020. Patients who were aged < 18 or ≥ 85 years old, in pregnancy, with acute lethal organ injury (e.g., acute myocardial infarction, severe acute pancreatitis, acute stroke), hypothyroidism, malignant diseases, severe malnutrition, and those with normal lipid profile under lipid-lowering medicines (e.g., statin, niacin, fenofibrate, gemfibrozil, and ezetimibe) were excluded. Propensity score matching (PSM) analysis at 1:1 ratio was performed to minimize baseline differences between patient groups of hyperlipidemia and non-hyperlipidemia. PSM analyses with the same strategies were further conducted for the parameters of hyperlipidemia in patients with increased triglyceride (TG), increased low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and decreased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C). Mixed-effect Cox model analysis was performed to investigate the associations of the 28-days all-cause deaths of COVID-19 patients with hyperlipidemia and the abnormalities of lipid parameters. The results were verified in male, female patients, and in patients with pre-existing CVDs and type 2 diabetes. Results Of 10 945 inpatients confirmed as COVID-19, there were 9822 inpatients included in the study, comprising 3513 (35.8%) cases without hyperlipidemia and 6309 (64.2%) cases with hyperlipidemia. Based on a mixed-effect Cox model after PSM at 1:1 ratio, hyperlipidemia was not associated with increased or decreased 28-day all-cause death [adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 1.17 (95% CI, 0.95-1.44), P =0.151]. We found that the parameters of hyperlipidemia were not associated with the risk of 28-day all-cause mortality [adjusted HR, 1.23 (95% CI, 0.98-1.55), P = 0.075 in TG increase group; 0.78 (95% CI, 0.57-1.07), P = 0.123 in LDL-C increase group; and 1.12 (95% CI, 0.9-1.39), P = 0.299 in HDL-C decrease group, respectively]. Hyperlipidemia was also not significantly associated with the increased mortality of COVID-19 in patients accompanied with CVDs or type 2 diabetes, and in both male and female cohorts. Conclusion Our study support that the imbalanced lipid profile is not significantly associated with the 28-day all-cause mortality of COVID-19 patients, even in those accompanied with CVDs or diabetes. Similar results were also obtained in subgroup analyses of abnormal lipid parameters. Therefore, hyperlipidemia might be not a major causative factor for poor outcome of COVID-19, which provides guidance for the intervention of inpatients during the epidemic of COVID-19.
Early and Menopausal Weight Gain and its Relationship with the Development of Diabetes and Hypertension.; Background: Previous research has revealed a clear relationship between weight gain of persons and their metabolic diseases developing later. These studies have covered only short periods lasting 4-8 years.Our goal was to collect decades' old and often life-long anthropometric data and correlate the figures with the presence of hypertension and diabetes or both. Methods: A retrospective international study was planned and organized to compare self-recorded data of lifelong weight gain among 60-70-year-old patients, analyze their correlation with metabolic diseases they developed, with special attention to women's weight gain around pregnancy, delivery and menopause in primary care settings in Germany, Hungary, Italy, Slovakia and the Ukraine. Results: Of the recruited 815 participants, 319 men and 496 women presented all the required data. Diabetics of both genders had the highest baseline weight at 20 years of age. The weight and BMI of the whole study population increased steadily until their seventies, but to a lesser extent after their fifties. Compared to the control group, changes over decades were the greatest among diabetics and also greater among patients with hypertension. Weight increase in the first decades (20-30-year-old men and 30-40-year-old women) was a significant risk factor for the development of diabetes (OR=1.044; p=0.002; 95% CI: 1.01-1.07). Among patients with diabetes and hypertension, both diagnoses were set up earlier than among those with a single morbidity.Among females, weight increase around pregnancy and menopause correlated significantly with higher odds for the diagnoses of diabetes and/or hypertension, irrespective of the number of children. Conclusions: During their decade-long relationship with their patients, family physicians are expected to identify the higher weight gain of their patients, especially among younger generation and intervene, if necessary.
[Steps toward the primary prevention of type II diabetes mellitus. Various epidemiological considerations].; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), or type II diabetes is rapidly becoming one of the most common chronic disease in the United States and worldwide, with more than 7% of the adult population affected. NIDDM is even more common in the elderly and in minority population including Hispanic Americans, African Americans, Asian and Pacific Island Americans, and Native Americans. In these populations, NIDDM may be present in 10% to as much as 50% of the adult population. However diagnosed NIDDM is only the tip of the iceberg of an epidemic of glucose intolerance. Impaired glucose intolerance (IGT) is even more prevalent that NIDDM; and in addition to be a major risk factor for the development of NIDDM, IGT is associated with an increased risk of macrovascular disease. Recent advances in research into the etiology and natural history of diabetes have increased the knowledge to such an extent that primary prevention of NIDDM is becoming a reality. This primary prevention can be implemented a) through a population strategy, i.e. changing the lifestyle and environmental determinants that are known to be risk factors for diabetes, and b) through high-risk strategy, i.e. targeting preventive measures only at those specific individuals or groups that are at high risk for the future development of NIDDM. The latter is the strategy of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DDP), a clinical study sponsored by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disease in USA. Twenty five centers were selected to participate in this program. The purpose of DPP is prevent or delay the development of NIDDM in those persons who are at high risk because they have IGT. DPP will also evaluate if the interventions selected to prevent the development of NIDDM can decrease the frequency of cardiovascular events and the occurrence and magnitude of the cardiovascular risk factors that accompany NIDDM and IGT. Four thousand volunteers will be recruited from populations known to be at particular high risk fo IGT and NIDDM including the following: elderly, overweight individuals, persons with family history of NIDDM, women with history of gestational diabetes, and minority populations. In order to be eligible, persons who are older than 25 years will have to demonstrate IGT with plasma glucose levels 100-139 mg/dl fasting and 140-199 mg/dL two hours after a 75 g OGTT. Three study intervention were selected based on their potential efficacy in ameliorating abnormal glucose metabolism in IGT and on their safety and tolerable profile of side-effects. The interventions include: intensive lifestyle intervention which focuses on a healthy diet to achieve and maintain at least a 7% loss of body weight and an increase in caloric expenditure of at least 700 kcal per week. The drug therapy interventions include the biguanide metformin and the thiazolidinedione troglizatone. Standard life-style recommendations, which include conventional instructions regarding diet and exercise, will be provided to all participants, including a placebo treated group which will serve as the control group for the study. After randomization, participants will have quarterly evaluations and have, in addition, a fasting plasma glucose at semi-annual visits and a 75 g OGTT at annual visits. All participants will be followed for three years after the study-wide closing date for recruitment, resulting in 3 to 6 years of participant follow-up. The primary outcome is the development of NIDDM according to WHO criteria (fasting plasma glucose level 140 mg/dL or 2-hour plasma glucose 200 mg/dL after a 75 g OGTT). Secondary outcome will focus en cardiovascular disease and its risk factors and change of glycemia, insulin secretion and sensitivity, obesity, physical activity and nutrient intake, quality of life, and the occurrence of adverse events.
Fetal nutrition and timing of puberty.; Over the last decade growing evidence has been documented on the relationship between intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) and pubertal development indicating changes in timing and progression of puberty. These changes in pubertal development are part of a growing list of IUGR-related diseases, which includes type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, short stature and polycystic ovary syndrome. The influence of IUGR on the mechanisms behind the onset of puberty is still elusive. In the absence of prospective studies on gonadotropin-releasing hormone pulse patterns in IUGR children, other markers of pubertal development such as age at menarche in girls and progression of puberty have been employed. We investigated pubertal development and DHEAS levels in children born small for gestational age (SGA) after third trimester growth retardation and children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). A faster progression of puberty was found in girls but not in boys. DHEAS levels tended to be higher in SGA children than in AGA children. In animal studies using two rat models, growth and onset of puberty based on perinatal undernutrition were also investigated. In one model intrauterine growth retardation was induced by ligation of the uterine arteries (IUGR) at day 17 of gestation and in the other model postnatal food restriction (FR) was induced by increasing litter size after birth until weaning. In both models, the rats showed a persistent growth failure. Onset of puberty was defined by vaginal opening (VO) in female rats and by balanopreputial separation (BPS) in male rats. At onset of puberty IUGR and FR rats had a lower body weight compared to controls, indicating that no threshold for body weight is needed for the onset of puberty. In the IUGR female rats, the onset of puberty was delayed and in the FR female rats the onset of puberty was in time. In both IUGR and FR female rats VO and first cycle were uncoupled. In IUGR female rats, at VO, at first cycle and at the age of 6 months the ovaries showed a decline in number of follicles indicating that intrauterine malnutrition in the female rat has a permanent influence on the growth and development of follicles. In the FR female rats, at VO, the ovaries showed a normal number of follicles but an abnormal maturation pattern. At the time of first cycle and at the age of 6 months normalization in follicle growth pattern was observed. These findings suggest that postnatal undernutrition has a transient influence on follicle growth and development. In male rats, both models showed delayed onset of puberty and impaired testicular function, as shown by decreased testosterone levels. These data indicate that early malnutrition during different critical developmental time windows may result in different long-lasting effects on pubertal development in both humans and rats.
Human growth and cardiovascular disease.; Low birthweight is now known to be associated with increased rates of coronary heart disease (CHD) and the related disorders, stroke, hypertension and type 2 diabetes. Associations between low birthweight and later disease have been extensively replicated in studies in different countries. They extend across the normal range of birthweight and depend on lower birthweights in relation to the duration of gestation rather than the effects of premature birth. The associations are thought to be consequences of developmental plasticity, the phenomenon by which one genotype can give rise to a range of different physiological or morphological states in response to different environmental conditions during development. Recent observations have shown that impaired growth in infancy and rapid childhood weight gain exacerbate the effects of impaired prenatal growth. CHD and the disorders related to it arise through a series of interactions between environmental influences and the pathways of growth and development that precede them.
Cardiovascular and metabolic influences of fetal smoke exposure.; Many epidemiological studies showed associations of low birth weight with cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity. The associations seem to be consistent and stronger among subjects with a postnatal catch up growth. It has been suggested that developmental changes in response to adverse fetal exposures might lead to changes in the fetal anatomy and physiology. These adaptations may be beneficial for short term, but may lead to common diseases in adulthood. Maternal smoking during pregnancy is one of the most important adverse fetal exposures in Western countries, and is known to be associated with a 150-200 g lower birth weight. An accumulating body of evidence suggests that maternal smoking during pregnancy might be involved in pathways leading to both low birth weight and common diseases, including cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity, in adulthood. In this review, we discuss epidemiological studies focused on the associations of maternal smoking with fetal growth and development and cardiovascular and metabolic disease in later life. We also discuss potential biological mechanisms, and challenges for future epidemiological studies.
Cardiovascular risk factors and carotid intima media thickness in young adults born small for gestational age after cessation of growth hormone treatment: a 5-year longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND: Growth hormone treatment reduces blood pressure and lipid concentrations. We assessed long-term changes in blood pressure, lipid concentrations, and carotid intima media thickness over a 5-year period after cessation of growth hormone treatment in adults born small for gestational age. METHODS: We did a longitudinal observational study at a medical centre in the Netherlands between April 1, 2004, and April 1, 2016. We included adults born small for gestational age who were treated with growth hormone (1 mg/m(2) per day); treatment started during childhood until adult height. Participants were evaluated at cessation of treatment, and 6 months, 2 years, and 5 years later. We compared cardiovascular risk factors with untreated controls from the PROGRAM study. FINDINGS: We included 199 participants born small for gestational age and treated with growth hormone along with 285 controls: 51 untreated short adults born small for gestational age, 92 untreated adults born small for gestational age with spontaneous catch-up growth, and 142 adults born appropriate for gestational age. In the 6 months after treatment cessation, systolic blood pressure increased temporarily from 113·00 mm Hg (95% CI 111·18-114·82) to 116·92 mm Hg (115·07 to 118·77; p<0·001) and diastolic blood pressure increased temporarily from 62·19 mm Hg (60·99-63·38) to 66·51 mm Hg (65·14-67·89; p<0·001). At 5 years after treatment cessation, mean systolic blood pressure was 109·2 mm Hg (105·5-113·0) and mean diastolic blood pressure was 63·4 mm Hg (60·9-65·9), similar to the values at cessation. Lipid concentrations were non-significantly higher 5 years after treatment cessation (p values 0·09-0·21) than at treatment cessation. Cessation of growth hormone had no effect on carotid intima media thickness. At 5 years after cessation, total cholesterol was lower in adults treated with growth hormone (mean 4·21 mmol/L, 95% CI 4·04-4·38) than in untreated short adults born small for gestational age (4·66 mmol/L, 4·42-4·92; p=0·0030), as was mean LDL cholesterol (2·28 mmol/L, 2·14-2·43 vs 2·85 mmol/L, 2·62-3·10; p<0·0001); blood pressure and carotid intima media thickness did not differ between these two groups (p values >0·12). At 5 years after cessation, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, lipid concentrations, and carotid intima media thickness of adults treated with growth hormone were not different to those in adults born small for gestational age who had spontaneous catch-up growth or adults born appropriate for gestational age. INTERPRETATION: Long-term growth hormone treatment in children born small for gestational age has no unfavourable effects on cardiovascular health in early adulthood and improves lipid profiles. FUNDING: Novo Nordisk (Netherlands).
Associations of gestational cardiovascular health with pregnancy outcomes: the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study.; BACKGROUND: The American Heart Association's formal characterization of cardiovascular health combines several metrics in a health-oriented, rather than disease-oriented, framework. Although cardiovascular health assessment during pregnancy has been recommended, its significance for pregnancy outcomes is unknown. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine the association of gestational cardiovascular health-formally characterized by a combination of 5 metrics-with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: We analyzed data from the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study, including 2304 mother-newborn dyads from 6 countries. Maternal cardiovascular health was defined by the combination of the following 5 metrics measured at a mean of 28 (24-32) weeks' gestation: body mass index, blood pressure, lipids, glucose, and smoking. Levels of each metric were categorized using pregnancy guidelines, and the total cardiovascular health was scored (0-10 points, where 10 was the most favorable). Cord blood was collected at delivery, newborn anthropometrics were measured within 72 hours, and medical records were abstracted for obstetrical outcomes. Modified Poisson and multinomial logistic regression were used to test the associations of gestational cardiovascular health with pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for center and maternal and newborn characteristics. RESULTS: The average age of women at study exam was 29.6 years old, and they delivered at a mean gestational age of 39.8 weeks. The mean total gestational cardiovascular health score was 8.6 (of 10); 36.3% had all ideal metrics and 7.5% had 2+ poor metrics. In fully adjusted models, each 1 point higher (more favorable) cardiovascular health score was associated with lower risks for preeclampsia (relative risk, 0.67 [95% confidence interval, 0.61-0.73]), unplanned primary cesarean delivery (0.88 [0.82-0.95]), newborn birthweight >90th percentile (0.81 [0.75-0.87]), sum of skinfolds >90th percentile (0.84 [0.77-0.92]), and insulin sensitivity <10th percentile (0.83 [0.77-0.90]). Cardiovascular health categories demonstrated graded associations with outcomes; for example, relative risks (95% confidence intervals) for preeclampsia were 3.13 (1.39-7.06), 5.34 (2.44-11.70), and 9.30 (3.95-21.86) for women with ≥1 intermediate, 1 poor, or ≥2 poor (vs all ideal) metrics, respectively. CONCLUSION: More favorable cardiovascular health at 24 to 32 weeks' gestation was associated with lower risks for several adverse pregnancy outcomes in a multinational cohort.
Gestational Diabetes and the Offspring: Implications in the Development of the Cardiorenal Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring.; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. There is increasing evidence that the offspring of women with GDM are at increased risk for the development of all components of the cardiorenal metabolic syndrome. Overall, it appears that these offspring have an increased risk for overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, higher blood pressure, renal disease, and type 2 diabetes. However, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM.
Maternal and perinatal outcome in obese pregnant patients.; INTRODUCTION: Obesity represents a rapidly emerging epidemic amongst pregnant patients in South Australia, in particular in Adelaide's Northern suburbs, one of the poorest urban areas in Australia. The aim of the current study was to prepare a comprehensive overview of maternal and perinatal outcome in overweight, obese and morbidly obese pregnant patients. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective review of women with singleton pregnancies delivering in the first 6 months of 2006; 100 with normal BMI (group I: BMI 19.1-25 kg/m(2)), 100 overweight (group II: BMI 25.1-30 kg/m(2)), 110 obese (group III: BMI 30.1-40 kg/m(2)) and 60 morbidly obese women (group IV: BMI >40 kg/m(2)) were identified with access to complete medical records. Outcome measures included booking demographics, booking blood pressures, glucose challenge and glucose tolerance results, hypertensive complications, pre-existing and gestational diabetes, instrumental deliveries, caesarean deliveries, blood loss, birth weights, Apgar scores, post-partum complications and psychological problems. RESULTS: Women in group II, III and IV were characterised by higher systolic booking blood pressure (mean differences: 3.92, 9.94 and 9.84 respectively for group II, III and IV) and higher diastolic booking blood pressures (mean differences 3.02, 6.92 and 9.22 respectively). As a combined group II-IV, women were at increased risk for pre-existing morbidity (OR 2.33) and requiring medication (OR 2.13). Pregnancy hypertension occurred significantly more in group III and IV with OR 2.38 and 3.75. Women without pre-existing hypertension were also found to be at increased risk to develop gestational hypertension only if they belonged to group IV (OR 3.69). Women in group III and IV are at increased risk at gestational diabetes with OR 8.82 and 27.38. Women in group III and IV are less likely to have a spontaneous onset of labour with ORs of 2.18 and 3.51 for not having spontaneous onset of labour. Induction of labour occurred more often in group IV (OR 3.17). Requirement of instrumental deliveries or lower segment caesarean section occurred more often in group II, III and IV with OR 2.20, 3.28 and 5.47 respectively. Significant more blood loss was found in group III and IV with mean differences of 135.42 and 207.94 ml compared with group I. The birthweight in group III and IV are significantly higher with mean differences of 104.86 and 324.94 g. Macrosomia occurred more often in group IV (OR 4.04). Women in group III and IV had a longer overall hospital stay with mean differences of 0.58 and 1.09 days. Mental health issues were more common in group II, III and IV with OR 3.16, 3.53 and 4.17 respectively. CONCLUSION: These South Australian data from a socio-economically deprived area in Adelaide's Northern suburbs confirm that obesity during pregnancy represents a major risk for adverse outcome for patients with a whole spectrum of adverse pregnancy outcomes; obesity represents a major challenge for health care providers.
Alteration of polyunsaturated fatty acid status and metabolism in health and disease.; Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) cannot be synthesised in the body and must be ingested by food. A balanced intake of both n-6 and n-3 PUFA is essential for good health. PUFA are the basic constituents of phospholipid membranes and determine cellular membrane fluidity and modulate enzyme activities, carriers and membrane receptors. They are also precursors of active metabolites known collectively as eicosanoids (prostaglandins, prostacyclins, thromboxanes and leukotrienes) which regulate our cellular functions. Studies indicate that n-3 PUFA have anti-inflammatory, antithrombotic, antiarrhythmic actions and immuno-modulating properties. Erythrocyte fatty acid status is a reflection of dietary fat intake. It also explores PUFA metabolism and gives information about the integration of these fatty acids into cellular membranes. Thus, erythrocyte fatty acid analysis can detect PUFA insufficiencies and imbalances from the diet, but also metabolic abnormalities and lipid peroxidation. It can be helpful in the prevention and the control of chronic diseases in which PUFA alterations have been observed as coronary heart diseases, hypertension, cancer, diabetes, inflammatory and auto-immune disorders, atopic eczema, Alzheimer dementia, major depression, schizophrenia, multiple sclerosis, etc.
[The cortical collecting duct plays a pivotal role in the kidney's local renin-angiotensin system].; The renin-angiotensin system is one of the most important hormone systems in the body, and the regulations as well as the role in the juxtaglomerular apparatus are well known. The present review focuses on renin secretion in a recently described localization, the cortical collecting duct. The authors display it in parallel of the copying strategy of an adult and a developing kidney. Furthermore, based on different animal studies it highlights the local role of renin released from the collecting duct. In chronic angiotensin II-infused, 2-kidney, 1-clip hypertensive model as well as in diabetic rats the major source of (pro)renin is indeed the collecting duct. In this localization this hormone can reach both the systemic circulation and the interstitial renin-angiotensin system components including the newly described (pro)renin receptor, by which (pro)renin is able to locally activate pro-fibrotic intracellular signal pathways. Consequently, one can postulate that in the future renin may serve either as a new therapeutic target in nephropathy associated with both hypertension and diabetes or as an early diagnostic marker in chronic diseases leading to nephropathy.
Position paper of The American Academy of Periodontology: periodontal disease as a potential risk factor for systemic diseases.; This paper on periodontal disease as a potential risk factor for systemic diseases was prepared by the Research, Science and Therapy Committee of The American Academy of Periodontology. It is intended to provide information regarding the role of periodontal disease in systemic diseases, including bacteremia, infective endocarditis, cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis, prosthetic device infection, diabetes mellitus, respiratory diseases, and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Long-term complications of assisted reproductive technologies.; Since the birth of the first baby through in vitro fertilisation over 30 years ago, there has been a rapid increase in the number of women using assisted reproductive technologies. New techniques are constantly being introduced and are evolving rapidly. Understanding the long-term impact of these treatments, which have been linked with several potential complications affecting the mother and the child, poses a constant challenge for the scientific community. The main complications discussed in this review include the rare but serious risk of thromboembolic disease particularly in the upper half of the body and a higher risk of pregnancy complications including abnormal placentation, miscarriage, gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders. A link between assisted conception and a number of genital cancers particularly of the breast, ovary and endometrium has also been suggested, but the evidence is currently inconclusive. A number of foetal and neonatal complications including imprinting disorders, low birth weight, congenital malformations and growth disorders are also discussed.
State of the science: chronic periodontitis and systemic health.; CONTEXT: Inflammatory periodontal diseases exhibit an association with multiple systemic conditions. Currently, there is a lack of consensus among experts on the nature of these associations and confusion among health care providers and the public on how to interpret this rapidly growing body of science. This article overviews the current evidence linking periodontal diseases to diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, preterm low birth weight babies, respiratory diseases, and rheumatoid arthritis. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: Evidence was taken from systematic reviews, clinical trials, and mechanistic studies retrieved in searches of the PubMed electronic database. The available data provide the basis for applied practical clinical recommendations. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Evidence is summarized and critically reviewed from systematic reviews, primary clinical trials, and mechanistic studies CONCLUSIONS: Surrogate markers for chronic periodontitis, such as tooth loss, show relatively consistent but weak associations with multiple systemic conditions. Despite biological plausibility, shorter-term interventional trials have generally not supported unambiguous cause-and-effect relationships. Nevertheless, the effective treatment of periodontal infections is important to achieve oral health goals, as well as to reduce the systemic risks of chronic local inflammation and bacteremias. Inflammatory periodontal diseases exhibit an association with multiple systemic conditions. With pregnancy as a possible exception, the local and systemic effects of periodontal infections and inflammation are usually exerted for many years, typically among those who are middle-aged or older. It follows that numerous epidemiological associations linking chronic periodontitis to age-associated and biologically complex conditions such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, respiratory diseases, rheumatoid arthritis, certain cancers, erectile dysfunction, kidney disease and dementia, have been reported. In the coming years, it seems likely that additional associations will be reported, despite adjustments for known genetic, behavioral and environmental confounders. Determining cause-and-effect mechanisms is more complicated, especially in circumstances where systemic effects may be subtle. Currently, however, there is a lack of consensus among experts on the nature of these associations and confusion among health care providers and the public on how to interpret this rapidly growing body of science. This article overviews the current evidence linking periodontal diseases to diabetes, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, preterm/low birth weight babies, respiratory diseases, and rheumatoid arthritis.
Potential of circulatory procalcitonin as a biomarker reflecting inflammation among South Indian diabetic foot ulcers.; OBJECTIVE: Diabetic foot ulcer (DFU), the major complication associated with diabetes mellitus, has been shown to precede amputation in up to 90% of cases. Recent data reveal that procalcitonin (PCT) is a valid marker for the diagnosis of bacterial infections compared with traditional markers like white blood cell count, C-reactive protein levels, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate in DFU patients. Furthermore, cytokines are proposed to act as modulators and mediators for the expression and release of PCT into the circulation. Hence, this preliminary study was conducted to evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of PCT compared with other traditional markers and to predict the association of PCT plasma levels with inflammatory cytokines and clinical parameters of incident diabetes among South Indian DFU subjects. METHODS: There were 185 subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) selected in this cross-sectional study, subdivided into three groups: group I, control/T2DM subjects free from DFU (n = 75; male, 43; female, 32); group II, T2DM subjects with noninfected DFU (n = 34; male, 19; female, 15); and group III, T2DM subjects with infected DFU (IDFU; n = 76; male, 46; female, 30). Patients with IDFU were further divided into three subgroups as per the Infectious Diseases Society of America-International Working Group on the Diabetic Foot classification criteria: grade 2 (n = 27), grade 3 (n = 38), and grade 4 (n = 11). Subjects with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, pneumonia, sepsis, inflammatory bowel disease, meningitis, or hematologic diseases and those who underwent surgery in the past 2 to 3 weeks were excluded from this study. For investigation of clinical parameters, blood samples were drawn from all the study subjects; plasma samples were used for estimating PCT by the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay method. The profiling of plasma cytokines was carried out using a multiplex bead-based assay. Data are presented as mean ± standard deviation for clinical and biochemical variables and as geometric mean with 95% confidence interval (CI) for cytokines. All analysis was done using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (version 20.0; IBM Corp, Armonk, NY); P < .05 was considered to be statistically significant. RESULTS: We found PCT to be a valid diagnostic marker for IDFU with higher sensitivity and specificity than other traditional markers. For PCT, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was found to be high (0.99; 95% CI, 0.96-1.0), followed by C-reactive protein levels (0.78; 95% CI, 0.65-0.81), white blood cell count (0.76; 95% CI, 0.67-0.86), and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (0.74; 95% CI, 0.68-0.80) in IDFU subjects. We found the cutoff value of ≥0.5 ng/mL to have 54% sensitivity and 100% specificity for PCT with a positive predictive value of 100% and a negative predictive value of 12% for IDFU diagnosis. Moreover, PCT circulatory levels showed a positive correlation with helper T-cell subtype 1 cytokines, such as interferon γ (r = 0.21; P = .03) and interleukin 28A (r = 0.31; P = .003), and subtype 17 cytokines, such as interleukin 29/interferon λ1 (r = 0.20; P = .037). CONCLUSIONS: PCT could be a valuable marker for diagnosis of T2DM patients with IDFU.
Arterial stiffness throughout pregnancy: Arteriograph device-specific reference ranges based on a low-risk population.; OBJECTIVE: The maternal cardiovascular system undergoes significant adaptation during pregnancy. We aimed to examine the changes in arterial stiffness parameters during normal pregnancy and establish reference ranges for the general population. METHODS: We performed a prospective cross-sectional observational study at the University Hospitals of Leicester. We included low-risk healthy pregnant women with singleton and viable pregnancies with no evidence of foetal abnormality or aneuploidy. Smokers, women with pre-existing or gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes, booking BMI at least 30, on medication that could affect cardiac function and/or those who delivered before 37 completed weeks of gestation, and/or a neonate with birthweight less than 10th centile were excluded. Brachial (BrAIx) and aortic augmentation indices (AoAIx), and pulse wave velocity (PWV) were assessed using the Arteriograph. Data were analysed using a linear mixed model. RESULTS: We analysed a total of 571 readings from 259 women across different gestational ages and present the 10th, 25th, 50th, 75th and 90th centiles for BrAIx, AoAIx and PWV from 12+0 to 42+0 weeks' gestation. All haemodynamic variables were significantly associated with maternal heart rate. BrAIx, AoAIx and PWV demonstrated significant change with gestation, with all reaching their lowest value in the second trimester. CONCLUSION: The current study presents reference ranges for BrAIx, AoAIx and PWV in low-risk singleton pregnancies. Further work is required to establish if women in whom measures of arterial stiffness lie above the 90th centile could be at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and to identify the optimum time for screening.
Management of Placental Transfusion to Neonates After Delivery.; This review summarizes high-quality evidence supporting delayed umbilical cord clamping to promote placental transfusion to preterm and term neonates. In preterm neonates, delayed cord clamping may decrease mortality and the need for blood transfusions. Although robust data are lacking to guide cord management strategies in many clinical scenarios, emerging literature is reviewed on numerous topics including delivery mode, twin gestations, maternal comorbidities (eg, gestational diabetes, red blood cell alloimmunization, human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] infection, and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 [SARS-CoV-2] infection) and neonatal complications (eg, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart disease, and the depressed neonate). Umbilical cord milking is an alternate method of rapid placental transfusion, but has been associated with severe intraventricular hemorrhage in extremely preterm neonates. Data on long-term outcomes are discussed, as well as potential contraindications to delayed cord clamping. Overall, delayed cord clamping offers potential benefits to the estimated 140 million neonates born globally every year, emphasizing the importance of this simple and no-cost strategy.
What is the role of glycemic control in the development of preeclampsia among women with type 1 diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the role of glycemic control in development of preeclampsia (PE) in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). METHODS: An observational case-control study comparing 244 women with type 1 diabetes and 488 controls was conducted. Among women with T1DM HbA1c, average daily glucose values, fasting, preprandial, 1-hour and 2-hour postprandial glucose levels, and daily 3 meals postprandial glucose areas were evaluated. Uterine artery pulsatility indices (PI) at 16, 20, 24 weeks' gestation were obtained. Data analysis included rates of PE in both groups, and association between glycemic control, uterine artery PI and development of PE among women with T1DM. RESULTS: PE developed in 13.1% of diabetic women and in 3.5% of women in the control group (odds ratio 4.2; 95% CI 2.2-8.1). In multivariate logistic regression analysis, HbA1c in the 1st trimester, mean daily glucose level in the 1st and 2nd trimester, daily 3 meal postprandial glucose area in the 1st and 2nd trimester, and the uterine arteries PI at 24 weeks' gestation were found to be associated with development of PE. The uterine arteries PI showed a significant positive correlation with the 3 meal postprandial glucose area at 16, 20, 24 weeks. CONCLUSION: In women with T1DM, poor glycemic control early in pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of subsequent PE. An association between poor placentation, as indicated by the increased PI of uterine arteries, and a maternal metabolic factor, that is the 3 meal post-prandial glucose area, has been shown, supporting the increased rate of PE among women with T1DM.
Insulin resistance syndrome.; Insulin resistance can be linked to diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease and other abnormalities. These abnormalities constitute the insulin resistance syndrome. Because resistance usually develops long before these diseases appear, identifying and treating insulin-resistant patients has potentially great preventive value. Insulin resistance should be suspected in patients with a history of diabetes in first-degree relatives; patients with a personal history of gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome or impaired glucose tolerance; and obese patients, particularly those with abdominal obesity. Present treatment consists of sensible lifestyle changes, including weight loss to attain healthy body weight, 30 minutes of accumulated moderate-intensity physical activity per day and increased dietary fiber intake. Pharmacotherapy is not currently recommended for patients with isolated insulin resistance.
Maternal prepregnancy waist circumference and BMI in relation to gestational weight gain and breastfeeding behavior: the CARDIA study.; BACKGROUND: Studies suggest that gestational weight gain (GWG) and breastfeeding behavior may influence long-term maternal abdominal fat mass. However, this could be confounded by abdominal fat mass before pregnancy because it is unknown whether abdominal fat mass, independently of body size, affects GWG and breastfeeding behavior. OBJECTIVE: We investigated how maternal prepregnancy fat distribution, described by waist circumference (WC) and body mass index (BMI), is associated with GWG and breastfeeding behavior. DESIGN: We analyzed 1371 live births to 1024 women after enrollment in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study (1985-1996). For each birth, maternal prepregnancy BMI and WC were measured at year 0 (baseline), 2, 5, or 7 examinations. Recalled GWG and breastfeeding behavior were collected at years 7 and 10. GWG was analyzed by using linear regression and breastfeeding behavior by using logistic regression and discrete-time logistic regression. RESULTS: Adjusted for potential confounders, a 1-cm larger WC adjusted for BMI was associated with a 0.19-kg (95% CI: -0.29-, -0.10-kg) lower GWG. In contrast, a 1-unit higher BMI adjusted for WC was associated with a 0.27-kg (95% CI: 0.06-, 0.47-kg) higher GWG. The OR for ever breastfeeding compared with never breastfeeding was 0.93 (95% CI: 0.90, 0.97) per 1-cm larger WC after adjustment for BMI, whereas it was 1.10 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.19) per 1-unit higher BMI adjusted for WC. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal prepregnancy body size was differently associated with GWG and breastfeeding behavior depending on the location of the fat mass. Thus, maternal fat distribution may be a more important determinant of GWG and breastfeeding behavior than BMI alone.
Maternal disease and injury in pregnancy.; Progress in the management of medical disorders of pregnancy has occurred in many areas. Only salient features are reviewed. The pathophysiology of maternal hyperglycemia in diabetes and its effects on the fetus are explored. Antiphospholipid antibodies, implicated in adverse pregnancy sequelae, come under closer scrutiny in terms of management and correlation with outcome. Studies defining a need for a strict diet for optimal neonatal outcome are presented regarding maternal phenylketonuria. Coagulopathies including protein C deficiency and deep venous thrombosis are reviewed for their impact on pregnancy. Uncommon disorders including cerebrovascular accidents, ureteric obstruction, and myocardial infarction are discussed in relation to management and outcome in pregnancy.
In the womb's shadow. The theory of prenatal programming as the fetal origin of various adult diseases is increasingly supported by a wealth of evidence.; How does the womb determine the future? Scientists have begun to uncover how environmental and maternal factors influence our long-term health prospects.
Asymmetric Dimethylarginine: Clinical Significance and Novel Therapeutic Approaches.; Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is a competitive endogenous inhibitor of nitric oxide synthase with a key role in the pathophysiology of endothelial dysfunction, in the progression of atherosclerosis and in cardiovascular diseases. Statins, renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitors, blood glucose lowering agents, insulin sensitizers, beta-blockers, estrogen replacement therapy, antioxidants, complex B vitamins, L-arginine and acetylsalicylic acid have been evaluated for their ability to reduce ADMA levels or inhibit its actions. Despite the major beneficial effects of these agents in cardiovascular disease, research has shown that their favorable actions are only partially mediated by reducing ADMA levels or by bypassing its effect in nitric oxide synthesis. Novel therapeutic approaches targeting selectively ADMA are encouraging, but have only been tested in vitro or in animal studies and further research is needed in order to conclude on how therapeutic strategies modulating ADMA actions can affect atherosclerosis progression and cardiovascular diseases.
[The value of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in the treatment of hypertension].; Numerous trials have shown the efficacy of ACE-inhibitors in moderate and severe essential hypertension. Their use must be regarded as very promising. They lower peripheral vascular resistance without influencing cardiac index and heart rate. Additionally, they maintain serum potassium and do not effect plasma lipids or provoke diabetes mellitus or gout. In 20-30% of hypertensive patients ACE-inhibitors have to be combined with diuretics and/or calcium antagonists. The addition of beta-blockers is useful in patients with resting tachycardia. In mild hypertension the use of ACE-inhibitors as first-line drugs is indicated in patients with adverse reactions to beta-blockers or diuretics. In bilateral renovascular hypertension, ACE-inhibitors may induce a strong blood pressure fall; in bilateral stenosis they contribute to a deterioration of renal function with reversible renal insufficiency. In renoparenchymal hypertension, ACE-inhibitors may attenuate the progression of renal insufficiency; in addition, proteinuria is lowered. In systolic hypertension in the elderly, one must be aware of a marked first-dose hypotensive effect. ACE-inhibitors decrease exaggerated exercise-induced elevation of blood pressure and heart rate and therefore lower myocardial oxygen consumption. In patients with hypertension and diabetes mellitus, antihypertensive treatment should be initiated for blood pressure levels above 140/90 mmHg, to attenuate the progression of vascular damage in the kidney. In patients with severe left ventricular hypertrophy, ACE-inhibitors reduce left ventricular mass within three months by about 30%. In hypertension and coronary heart disease, recent studies report benefits of ACE-inhibitors on coronary circulation. Presently available ACE-inhibitors and those in preparation do not differ in pharmacodynamic, but in pharmacokinetic properties, concerning the beginning and duration of blood pressure lowering. A hypotensive first-dose effect can be observed in diuretic pretreated patients, in severe (malignant) and renovascular hypertension. ACE-inhibitors should not be used during pregnancy or in patients with autoimmune diseases or those undergoing treatment with immunosuppressive drugs, due to the side effects of neutropenia and proteinuria, which are more often seen under these conditions. Results from long-term studies on the influence of ACE-inhibitor treatment on cardiovascular risk in mild hypertension have not been available until now. In the decision to treat mild hypertension with ACE-inhibitors as first-line drug therapy, the costs of therapy in comparison to cheaper antihypertensives must be taken into account.
Inflammatory Bowel Disease: A Potential Risk Factor for Coronary Artery Disease.; Patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) have a higher incidence of coronary artery disease (CAD) compared with the general population. Left main coronary artery (LMCA) thrombosis constitutes a very rare but catastrophic manifestation of acute coronary syndrome. Case reports describing young patients with IBD and LMCA thrombosis are scarce. Most importantly, patients with a positive family history of thrombotic events and those with significant genetic or acquired risk factors such as the antiphospholipid antibody syndrome, advanced age, immobilization, pregnancy, oral contraceptive use, obesity, diabetes, and cigarette smoking may have a higher risk of thrombosis among those with active IBD. We describe a 28-year-old man who was admitted for coronary angiography (CA) due to ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. He had a recent exacerbation of ulcerative colitis. The patient was a smoker without a family history of CAD. Proximal total occlusion of the left anterior descending (LAD) artery and left circumflex (LCX) artery with massive thrombus was shown on CA, whereas a normal dominant right coronary artery delivered collaterals to the LAD artery.
Long-term medical management of the liver transplant recipient: what the primary care physician needs to know.; Recognition, management, and prevention of medical complications and comorbidities after liver transplant is the key to improved long-term outcomes. Beyond allograft-related complications, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, renal dysfunction, and malignancies are leading causes of morbidity and mortality in this patient population. Primary care physicians have an important role in improving outcomes of liver transplant recipients and are increasingly relied on for managing these complex patients. This review serves to assist the primary care physician in the long-term management issues of liver transplant recipients.
Aerobic exercise training may improve nerve function in type 2 diabetes and pre-diabetes: A systematic review.; Diabetic neuropathy is a major complication of type 2 diabetes. Emerging evidence also suggests that people with pre-diabetes may develop similar symptoms related to nerve dysfunction. While regular exercise provides many benefits to patients with diabetes, whether exercise influences nerve function has not been established. As such, the aim of this systematic review was to evaluate current evidence regarding the effect of exercise training on the progression and development of diabetic neuropathy. A systematic search of MEDLINE (Ovid), CINAHL, AMED, PEDro, the Cochrane Library, Embase, and Scopus databases identified a total of 12 studies that were eligible for inclusion in this systematic review. Quality rating and data extraction were performed by two independent reviewers. The 12 included studies examined people with pre-diabetes (n = 1) and with type 2 diabetes (n = 11). There was heterogeneity of study quality and exercise type and dosage among these studies. Eleven studies reported that exercise training had a positive influence on nerve function or neuropathy-related symptoms; and only one study reported mild adverse events. Evidence from this systematic review suggests aerobic exercise training may positively influence nerve function among people with type 2 diabetes, with minimal risk of adverse events. Further research will be required to determine the optimal dosage of exercise training and the effect on nerve function in pre-diabetes and in women with previous gestational diabetes. This review is registered on PROSPERO (CRD42018088182).
Cardiovascular prevention in childhood: a consensus document of the Italian Society of Cardiology Working Group on Congenital Heart Disease and Cardiovascular Prevention in Paediatric Age.; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) may be manifested from a very early age. Genetic and environmental (epigenetic) factors interact to affect development and give rise to an abnormal phenotypical expression of genetic information, although not eliciting changes in the nucleotide sequence of DNA. It has been scientifically proven that increased oxidative stress (OS) caused by disease (overweight, obesity, diabetes), nutritional imbalances, unhealthy lifestyles (smoking, alcohol, substance abuse) in the mother during pregnancy may induce placental dysfunction, intrauterine growth restriction, prematurity, low birth weight, postnatal adiposity rebound, metabolic alterations and consequent onset of traditional cardiovascular risk factors. OS represents the cornerstone in the onset of atherosclerosis and manifestation of CVD following an extended asymptomatic period. OS activates platelets and monocytes eliciting the release of pro-inflammatory, pro-atherogenic and pro-oxidising substances resulting in endothelial dysfunction, decrease in flow-mediated arterial dilatation and increase in carotid intima-media thickness. The prevention of CVD is defined as primordial (aimed at preventing risk factors development), primary (aimed at early identification and treatment of risk factors), secondary (aimed at reducing risk of future events in patients who have already manifested a cardiovascular event), and tertiary (aimed at limiting the complex outcome of disease). Atherosclerosis prevention should be implemented as early as possible. Appropriate screening should be carried out to identify children at high risk who are apparently healthy and implement measures including dietary and lifestyle changes, addition of nutritional supplements and, lastly, pharmacological treatment if risk profiles fail to normalise. Reinstating endothelial function during the reversible stage of atherosclerosis is crucial.
First-Trimester Prediction of Preterm Prelabour Rupture of Membranes.; BACKGROUND: Preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (PPRoM) is commonly associated with preterm delivery and affects up to 3% of all pregnancies. It is associated with high rates of morbidity and mortality for the mother and the newborn. OBJECTIVES: To identify risk factors for PPRoM and develop a model for first-trimester prediction of risk of PPRoM. METHODS: A retrospective analysis of a series of women who had first-trimester (11-13+6 weeks) screening for aneuploidy and pre-eclampsia and delivered in the same institution was performed. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify maternal and pregnancy factors and then develop a clinical prediction model for PPRoM. RESULTS: 10,280 women were screened between April 2010 and October 2016. 144 (1.4%) had PPRoM. Maternal factors predictive of PPRoM included nulliparity (parous women, OR 0.53; 95% CI 0.4-0.8), pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM) (Type 1 DM, OR 6.7; 95% CI 2.3-19.4, Type 2 DM, OR 5.3; 95% CI 1.6-18.3), maternal age group (p = 0.004), and BMI category (p = 0.012). Uterine artery pulsatility index (UAPI) and biochemical parameters (PAPP-A, free βHCG) did not reach statistical significance. The predictive model had moderate efficacy with an area under the ROC curve of 0.67. CONCLUSIONS: Several maternal characteristics collected during first-trimester screening predict PPRoM. Biomarkers currently measured during first-trimester screening (PAPP-A, βHCG, and UAPI) do not predict PPRoM. Whilst a predictive model can be generated with information currently collected at 11-13+6 weeks, this has only modest screening performance. First-trimester screening provides a structured framework where other predictors could improve model performance, and future studies should focus on the addition of other risk factors and biomarkers that may improve screening efficacy.
Melatonin ameliorates hypertension in hypertensive pregnant mice and suppresses the hypertension-induced decrease in Ca(2+)-activated K(+) channels in uterine arteries.; Decreased secretion of melatonin was reported to be associated with an enhanced risk of hypertension and diabetes. However, the effect of melatonin on gestational hypertension (GH) and the underlying mechanism remain unclear. A GH mouse model was established via electrical stimulation. The hypertensive phenotypes were indicated by systolic blood pressure (SBP) and urinary protein levels. Uterine artery (UtA) endothelial function was detected by relaxation, peak systolic velocity (PSV), end-diastolic velocity (EDV), resistance index (RI) and pulsatility index (PI). Protein expression levels were determined using immunochemistry and Western blots. Pregnancy outcomes were indicated by the fetal live ratio, fetal weight and placental weight. Melatonin supplementation ameliorated hypertensive phenotypes in the mice with GH and enhanced UtA endothelial response to acetylcholine. The BK(Ca) potassium channel was involved in the effect of melatonin on UtA endothelial function, and melatonin promoted BK(Ca) potassium channel expression and function in UtAs. Finally, melatonin improved pregnancy outcomes in pregnant mice. In conclusion, melatonin ameliorates hypertension in hypertensive pregnant mice and suppresses hypertension-induced decreases in Ca(2+)-activated K(+) channels in uterine arteries.
[Preeclampsia - a life-time risk for the mother].; Preeclampsia is a pregnancy-induced disease associated with considerable maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. While delivery usually results in a complete healing there is growing evidence that preeclampsia is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in later life of these mothers. Especially early-onset, severity and number of deliveries with preeclampsia are relevant risk-factors. Preeclampsia itself could play a causative role or may just be a transient early symptom. An increasing understanding of these correlations is of major importance concerning health prevention and early detection of diseases in these young women.
Recommendations regarding exercise during pregnancy made by private/small group practice obstetricians in the USA.; For pregnant women, exercise offers numerous benefits with little risk. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) endorses aerobic exercise for all pregnant women without medical or obstetric complications. Nonetheless, only a small percentage of pregnant women meet exercise guidelines. We investigated the extent to which obstetricians (Obs) in private or small group practice in the USA actively recommend exercise to their pregnant patients. Surveys were sent to 300 Obs in 33 American cities, of which 83 were returned. 52% of respondents reported discussing exercise with 81-100% of their patients. Using a 7- point Likert scale (1 = never, 7 = always), Obs reported recommending aerobic exercise more often than resistance exercise (5.6 ± 1.5 versus 3.8 ± 1.6, p < 0.001). Obs do not routinely advise sedentary women to initiate exercise during pregnancy (mean 4.4 ± 1.8). Of the 67% of Obs who specify a target exercise duration, 95% recommend ≥ 16 min, consistent with ACOG guidelines. However, 62% of Obs reported that they regularly specify a maximum heart rate, even though ACOG guidelines do not. Half of respondents indicated that they advise a reduction in exercise load during the third trimester, even for uncomplicated pregnancies. Respondents' opinions were mixed regarding the extent to which exercise reduces gestational diabetes or preeclampsia risk and they believe more research on exercise during pregnancy is needed. Half of Obs do not routinely discuss exercise. The majority is hesitant to advise sedentary gravidae to start exercise and is conservative with respect to exercise intensity. Action may be needed to convince more Obs to routinely recommend exercise to all healthy patients. Key Points52% of surveyed obstetricians discuss exercise with 81-100% of pregnant patients.68% of surveyed obstetricians do not regularly advise sedentary pregnant women to initiate an exercise program.62% of surveyed obstetricians recommend pregnant patients not exceed a maximum heart rate during exercise, even though ACOG guidelines do not specify a maximum heart rate.Approximately half of surveyed obstetricians recommend a reduction in exercise load during the third trimester, even though ACOG guidelines do not.Regular exercise was thought by surveyed obstetricians to have some potential for reducing the risk of gestational diabetes, but little effect on risk of preeclampsia.
Usefulness of anti-rabphilin-3A antibodies for diagnosing central diabetes insipidus in the third trimester of pregnancy.; We report a 27-year-old pregnant woman with polyuria, polydipsia and headache in the third trimester of pregnancy. Hypernatremia (153 mEq/L), high plasma osmolality (300 mOsm/kgH(2)O) and low urinary osmolality (92 mOsm/kgH(2)O) were observed at the admission to our hospital. Plasma arginine vasopressin (AVP) level was inappropriately low (2.2 pg/mL) compared to the high plasma osmolality. Plasma AVP responses to hypertonic-saline infusion were blunted, and her urine osmolality increased in response to desmopressin. The diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus was made from these results. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of hypothalamic-pituitary region demonstrated a significant enlargement of the pituitary stalk, suggesting the presence of hypophysitis. In addition, serum anti-rabphilin-3A antibodies that have been recently reported as a biomarker of lymphocytic infundibulo-neurohypophysitis, were positive. Diabetes insipidus continued after delivery, suggesting that polyuria was not mainly due to excessive vasopressinase activity or reduced renal sensitivity to AVP by prostaglandin E(2) that can cause temporal polyuria during pregnancy. We therefore clinically diagnosed central diabetes insipidus due to lymphocytic infundibulo-neurohypophysitis, without performing invasive transsphenoidal pituitary biopsy. This case suggested the usefulness of anti-rabphilin-3A antibodies for the etiological diagnosis of central diabetes insipidus during pregnancy.
Low birth weight and early weight gain in the metabolic syndrome: consequences for infant nutrition.; Emerging data indicate that being born small for gestational age (SGA) and rapid infant catch-up growth may play a significant role in the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and the metabolic syndrome (MS) many years later in life. The impact of these perinatal T2DM and MS risk factors may be more important than genetics in some parts of the world, including low-income countries. Breastfeeding for 3-6 months is associated with reduced risk of developing insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. Promotion of fast growth in SGA infants by nutrient-enriched formula increases risk of hypertension and the metabolic syndrome. While waiting for better knowledge of how to combat T2DM and MS with early-life interventions, breastfeeding should be recommended and enforced whenever possible, keeping in mind the health and nutritional status of the mother. Furthermore, promotion of fast weight gain in SGA infants by nutrient-enriched formula feeding should be used with caution. However, growth limitation by restriction of nutrition in SGA infants below general recommendations should not be recommended.
Behçet's Disease and Pregnancy: A Retrospective Case-control Study.; Background: Behçet's disease (BD) is a rare chronic multisystemic vasculitis of unknown etiology. It is usually diagnosed between the 2(nd) and 4(th) decades of life, so its association with pregnancy is not unusual. This study aims to characterize the evolution of pregnancy in a group of pregnant women with BD and the impact of this pathology in embryo-fetal morbidity. Methods: A retrospective case-control study included 49 pregnancies in women suffering from BD, followed in our institution. Pregnancy outcomes were compared with a control group of healthy pregnant women. Two controls per case were randomly selected. Statistical analysis used SPSS 25.0, and a p-value of 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Forty-nine pregnancies were included in 27 patients with BD. BD exacerbation occurred in 32.6% of the pregnancies. There were no significant statistical differences between the two groups regarding the rate of preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia (p>0.05). In the BD group, we found a higher rate of miscarriage (24.5%) and fetal growth restriction (FGR, 13.3%, p<0.05). In the study group, 13 (32.5%) of the pregnant patients did not need treatment. The cesarean rate was significantly higher in the BD group (43.2% vs 20.4% in the control group, p<0.05), and there were no significant differences in median gestational age at the time of delivery (p>0.05). The birth weight of newborns did not differ significantly between the groups. There was no association of BD with maternal morbidity and neonatal complications. Conclusion: In this study, the majority of pregnant with BD did not present clinical exacerbation of their pathology. However, BD may have an adverse influence on pregnancy outcomes. FGR and miscarriage rates were significantly higher in the study group.
Pregnancy-induced hyperlipoproteinemia: review of the literature.; It is well known that with the effect of hormonal changes during pregnancy, plasma lipid levels increase. Expected elevations for triglyceride and cholesterol levels during a normal gestational period usually do not exceed 332 mg/dL and 337 mg/dL, respectively (corresponding 95th percentile values). However, elevations over the 95th percentile values can be observed during pregnancy, and patients with levels over these expected adaptation levels can be divided into 2 groups: (1) supraphysiologic hyperlipoproteinemia during pregnancy and (2) extreme hyperlipoproteinemia limited to gestational period (triglyceride level >1000 mg/dL). Regarding the first group, some of these patients may develop hyperlipoproteinemia in their future life. What percentage of these women will translate into hyperlipoproteinemia later in life and how efficiently these women can be screened during pregnancy is an enigma. The underlying disorders in the second group of patients at least include dysbetalipoproteinemia, partial lipoprotein lipase deficiency, and apoprotein E3/3 genotype. Pregnancy had been reported to induce severe hyperlipoproteinemia that is limited to gestational period in these disorders. Dysbetalipoproteinemia, partial lipoprotein lipase deficiency, and apoprotein E3/3 genotype probably bring risks and implications to the future life of the carrying individuals although the true extent of the risks is yet to be defined. When disorders unique to gestational period such as gestational diabetes are considered, pregnancy may be accepted as an opportunity to identify women under risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
Hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia and diabetes mellitus due to dominant ABCC8/KCNJ11 mutations.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Dominantly acting loss-of-function mutations in the ABCC8/KCNJ11 genes can cause mild medically responsive hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia (HH). As controversy exists over whether these mutations predispose to diabetes in adulthood we investigated the prevalence of diabetes in families with dominantly inherited ATP-sensitive potassium (K(ATP)) channel mutations causing HH in the proband. METHODS: We studied the phenotype of 30 mutation carriers (14 children and 16 adults) from nine families with dominant ABCC8/KCNJ11 mutations. Functional consequences of six novel missense mutations were examined by reconstituting the K(ATP) channel in human embryonic kidney 293 (HEK293) cells and evaluating the effect of drugs and metabolic poisoning on the channels using the (86)Rb flux assay. RESULTS: The mutant channels all showed a lack of (86)Rb efflux on exposure to the channel agonist diazoxide or metabolic inhibition. In the families, dominant ABCC8/KCNJ11 mutations were associated with increased birthweight (median + 1.56 SD score [SDS]). Fourteen children had HH and five adults were reported with HH or hypoglycaemic episodes (63%). Progression from hypoglycaemia to diabetes mellitus occurred in two individuals. Eight adults had a history of gestational diabetes in multiple pregnancies or were diabetic (diagnosed at a median age of 31 years). Within these families, none of the 19 adults who were not carriers of the ABCC8/KCNJ11 mutation was known to be diabetic. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The phenotype associated with dominant ABCC8/KCNJ11 mutations ranges from asymptomatic macrosomia to persistent HH in childhood. In adults, it may also be an important cause of dominantly inherited early-onset diabetes mellitus.
Relationship between hemoglobin glycation index and extent of coronary heart disease in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Individuals with type 2 diabetes (T2D) are at an increased risk of coronary heart disease (CHD). Diabetic complications have recently been associated with a measure of glucose metabolism known as the hemoglobin glycation index (HGI). Currently there is insufficient information regarding a potential link between HGI and cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to investigate the relationship between HGI and extent of CHD in individuals with T2D. METHODS: This cross-sectional study screened individuals visiting the endocrinology clinic between June 2012 and May 2016 for eligibility. Enrollment criteria included individuals above 21 years of age with T2D diagnosed in the preceding ten years. Candidates with hemoglobin disorders, pregnancy, and existing coronary artery disease were excluded. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) were sampled three months prior to angiography. The regression equation of predicted HbA1c = 0.008 × FPG + 6.28 described the linear relationship between these variables. HGI was calculated as the difference between the measured HbA1c and predicted HbA1c. Participants were classified into two groups according to the presence of supranormal (≥0) or subnormal HGI (<0). RESULTS: Among 423 participants, people with supranormal HGI harbored an increased prevalence of multiple vessel disease relative to those with subnormal HGI (Odds ratio (OR): 3.9, 95% CI [2.64-5.98], P < 0.001). Moreover, individuals with supranormal HGI more frequently demonstrated lesions involving the left anterior descending artery (OR: 3.0, 95% CI [1.97-4.66], P < 0.001). The intergroup difference in mean HbA1c was statistically nonsignificant (7.5 ± 1.0% versus 7.4 ± 1.1%, P = 0.80). DISCUSSION: This study demonstrated that HGI correlated with the extent of CHD in individuals with T2D. People with supranormal HGI harbored a higher prevalence of extensive cardiovascular disease compared to those with subnormal HGI. The relationship between HGI and extent of CHD enables cardiovascular risk stratification in at risk individuals. Overall, HGI provides useful information concerning cardiovascular risk in clinical practice.
Prevalence of diabetes among children treated with growth hormone in Israel.; AIMS: To determine the long-term risk of diabetes in a cohort of children treated with recombinant human growth hormone in Israel, using data from the Israeli National Diabetes Register. METHODS: Between 1988 and 2009, 2513 children were approved for growth hormone treatment. They were assigned to one of two groups. The first group included children treated for isolated growth hormone deficiency and who were small for gestational age and the second included those treated for multiple pituitary hormone deficiency, chronic renal failure, Turner syndrome or Prader-Willi syndrome. The cohort was cross-linked with the Israeli National Diabetes Register for 2014 (mean follow-up duration 12.1±5.3 years), and prevalent cases of diabetes were identified. Standardized prevalence ratios for diabetes were calculated for people aged 10-29 years. RESULTS: In 2014, a total of 23 individuals were identified with diabetes (four with pre-existing diabetes, seven developed diabetes before age 17 years and 12 developed it at a later age). In the isolated growth hormone deficiency and small-for-gestational-age group there was no difference in the prevalence of diabetes compared with the general population (standardized prevalence ratio 2.05, 95% CI 0.94-3.89). In the group that included people with multiple pituitary hormone deficiency, chronic renal failure, Turner syndrome and Prader-Willi syndrome there was a significantly higher diabetes prevalence (standardized prevalence ratio 11.94, 95% CI 6.53-20.00) compared with the general population. CONCLUSIONS: No difference in diabetes prevalence was found in the isolated growth hormone deficiency and small-for-gestational-age group, compared with the general population. Children treated with growth hormone with pre-existing risk factors had an increased prevalence of diabetes. It is advisable to monitor blood glucose levels closely during and after growth hormone treatment, especially in such children.
Tackling inequality in maternal health: Beyond the postpartum.; Healthcare systems prioritise antenatal and intrapartum care over the postpartum period. This is reflected in clinical resource allocation and in research agendas. But from metabolic disease to mental health, many pregnancy-associated conditions significantly affect patients' lifelong health. Women from black and ethnic minority backgrounds and lower socioeconomic groups are at greater risk of physical and psychiatric complications of pregnancy compared to white British women. Without sufficiently tailored and accessible education about risk factors, and robust mechanisms for follow-up beyond the traditional 6-week postpartum period, these inequalities are further entrenched. Identifying approaches to address the needs of these patient populations is not only the responsibility of obstetricians and midwives; improvement requires cooperation from healthcare professionals from a wide range of specialties. Healthcare systems must encourage data collection on the long-term effects of metabolic and psychiatric conditions after the postpartum, and s support research that results in evidence-based care for the neglected field of women's postpartum health.
Fetal programming and the risk of noncommunicable disease.; The "developmental origins of health and disease" (DOHaD) hypothesis proposes that environmental conditions during fetal and early post-natal development influence lifelong health and capacity through permanent effects on growth, structure and metabolism. This has been called 'programming'. The hypothesis is supported by epidemiological evidence in humans linking newborn size, and infant growth and nutrition, to adult health outcomes, and by experiments in animals showing that maternal under- and over-nutrition and other interventions (e.g., glucocorticoid exposure) during pregnancy lead to abnormal metabolism and body composition in the adult offspring. Early life programming is now thought to be important in the etiology of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, opening up the possibility that these common diseases could be prevented by achieving optimal fetal and infant development. This is likely to have additional benefits for infant survival and human capital (e.g., improved cognitive performance and physical work capacity). Fetal nutrition is influenced by the mother's diet and body size and composition, but hard evidence that the nutrition of the human mother programmes chronic disease risk in her offspring is currently limited. Recent findings from follow-up of children born after randomised nutritional interventions in pregnancy are mixed, but show some evidence of beneficial effects on vascular function, lipid concentrations, glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Work in experimental animals suggests that epigenetic phenomena, whereby gene expression is modified by DNA methylation, and which are sensitive to the nutritional environment in early life, may be one mechanism underlying programming.
Effects of Late Gestational Fetal Exposure to Dexamethasone Administration on the Postnatal Hypothalamus-Pituitary-Adrenal Axis Response to Hypoglycemia in Pigs.; BACKGROUND: Prenatal glucocorticoid administration alters the activity of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis (HPAA), and correspondingly the adenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol levels after birth. The dosages required for these effects are critically discussed. Activation of the HPAA is related to metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus. Hypoglycemia is the classic side effect of antidiabetic treatment. We hypothesized that a low dosage of dexamethasone in late pregnancy alters the HPAA response to hypoglycemia in pigs. METHODS: 12 pregnant sows were randomly assigned to two groups which received either a low-dose intramuscular injection (99th and 100th day of gestation) of dexamethasone (0.06 μg/kg body weight) or vehicle. Three months after birth, 18 dexamethasone-treated anaesthetized offspring and 12 control offspring underwent a 75 min hypoglycemic clamp (blood glucose below 4 mmol/L) procedure. Heart rate (HR), blood pressure, ACTH and cortisol levels and body weight (at birth and after three months) were recorded. RESULTS: Dexamethasone-treated animals exhibited significantly elevated ACTH (139.9 ± 12.7 pg/mL) and cortisol (483.1 ± 30.3 nmol/L) levels during hypoglycemia as compared to the control group (41.7 ± 6.5 pg/mL and 257.9 ± 26.7 nmol/L, respectively), as well as an elevated HR (205.5 ± 5.7 bpm) and blood pressure (systolic: 128.6 ± 1.5, diastolic: 85.7 ± 0.7 mmHg) response as compared to the control group (153.2 ± 4.5 bpm; systolic: 118.6 ± 1.6, diastolic: 79.5 ± 1.4 mmHg, respectively; p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Low-dose prenatal administration of dexamethasone not only exerts effects on the HPAA (ACTH and cortisol concentration) and vital parameters (HR and diastolic blood pressure) under baseline conditions, but also on ACTH, HR and systolic blood pressure during hypoglycemia.
DOES VITAMIN D DEFICIENCY CONTRIBUTE TO THE SEVERITY OF ASTHMA IN CHILDREN AND ADULTS?; Role of vitamin D in the health of bones has been well established for over decades; It was known that its deficiency caused rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults. Later it was discovered that these can be corrected by giving vitamin D. Researchers discovered that vitamin D can be synthesized by exposure to sun. Hence it was also named "the sunshine vitamin". As time passed it was observed that low levels of vitamin D were associated with multiple diseases. This sparked the interest of the scientific community to further the research on vitamin D which led to the studies that started associating vitamin D with various diseases like cancers (prostate, colon and breast), autoimmune diseases (rheumatoid arthritis), infectious diseases (tuberculosis, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, HIV), cardiovascular diseases, mental illnesses (schizophrenia), diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2 and gestational) and allergic conditions like asthma. With time, more studies were carried out relating levels of vitamin D to development of asthma, asthma exacerbations and risk factors leading to development of asthma like respiratory tract infections with positive associations. A number of studies were carried out which tried to explain the possible molecular mechanisms relating deficiency of vitamin D in pathogenesis of asthma. This review summarizes the role of vitamin D in development of asthma and probable mechanisms relating vitamin D to the pathogenesis of asthma.
Stroke in Young Adults.; Stroke in young adults is associated with significant morbidity, and its prevalence is rising in the United States. This is partly attributed to a rise in the prevalence of traditional risk factors including hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, obesity, diabetes mellitus, smoking and heart disease. In addition, there are non-modifiable risk factors comprising migraine, pregnancy and postpartum state, illicit drug use, oral contraceptives and hypercoagulable state. The mechanisms causing stroke in young adults are unique and include cervical dissection, cardioembolic phenomenon, vasculitis and vasculopathy, connective tissue disease, patent foramen ovale and cerebral venous thrombosis. The diagnosis of stroke in the young population can be challenging given its myriad clinical presentations. In this document, we provide an overview of the epidemiology of stroke in young adults, explore mechanisms that may explain increasing rates of stroke in this population, and provide a critical updated overview of the existing literature on the management and prevention of stroke in young adults.
Meconium Stained Amniotic Fluid and Associated Factors among Women Who Gave Birth at Term in Adama Hospital Medical College, Ethiopia.; BACKGROUND: Meconium stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) is a commonly observed phenomenon in day-to-day practice of obstetrics. The reported prevalence of MSAF was 7-22% of all term deliveries. Some of the factors that increases the risk of meconium stained amniotic fluid includes; advanced gestational age at delivery, prolonged rupture of membranes, intra-amniotic infection, pre-eclampsia, oligohydroamnios, and diabetes mellitus. The study aimed to determine the prevalence of meconium stained amniotic fluid and its associated factors among women who gave birth at term, from January 1(st) to July 30(th), 2020, at Adama Hospital Medical College. METHODS: Institutional based cross-sectional study was conducted on 314 laboring women who gave birth at term. Systematic random sampling was used to select the study participants. Data entry and analysis were made by using Epi- info 7 and SPSS version 20, respectively. RESULTS: The prevalence of meconium stained amniotic fluid was 23.9%. Late term pregnancy, Oligohydraminos, Antepartum hemorrhage, Premature rupture of membrane, and Non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern were significantly associated with meconium-stained amniotic fluid. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of MSAF was comparable with other studies. Late-term pregnancy, oligohydramnios, antepartum hemorrhage, non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern, and premature rupture of the membrane were factors associated with an increased risk of MSAF.
Long-term prognosis of hypertension in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the prevalence of subsequent hypertension in women with hypertensive pregnancies and evaluate it according to the subclassifications of hypertension in pregnancy. METHODS: A survey was carried out in 476 women with hypertensive pregnancies (cases) and 226 normotensive controls delivered between 1973 and 1991 in a tertiary-level teaching hospital. They were invited to participate by mail and 273 cases (57%) and 86 controls (38%) completed the analysis. Outcomes assessed were prevalences of hypertension, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, together with cardiovascular morbidity. RESULTS: Among responders, age and parity were similar in both groups although follow-up time was longer in controls. Subsequent hypertension was more frequent within cases. After excluding chronic and unclassifiable hypertension, the mean blood pressure was higher in all other forms of pregnancy hypertension (103 +/- 13 mm Hg versus 94 +/- 13 mm Hg, p < 0.001); long-term hypertension prevalence was 45% in cases and 14% in controls [odds ratio (OR) = 5.1; 95% confidence interval (95% CI) = 2.5-9.8; p < 0. 001]. There were no differences with respect to the prevalences of subsequent diabetes or hypercholesterolemia. Remote hypertension was more common following gestational hypertension (54%) than in preeclampsia (38%), eclampsia (14%), or normotensive cases (14%) (OR for gestational hypertension versus normotensives = 7.2; 95% CI = 3. 4-14.8, p < 0.001, and OR for preeclampsia versus normotensives = 3. 7; 95% CI = 1.7-7.9, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: After an average of 13. 6 years since the index pregnancy, women with hypertensive pregnancies have an increased risk of subsequent hypertension. Gestational hypertension is the hypertensive disorder of pregnancy with the highest incidence of subsequent hypertension. Women with preeclampsia have a greater tendency to develop hypertension than women with normotensive pregnancies. By contrast, women with eclampsia do not.
In utero programming of chronic disease.; 1. Many human fetuses have to adapt to a limited supply of nutrients. In doing so they permanently change their structure and metabolism. 2. These 'programmed' changes may be the origins of a number of diseases in later life, including coronary heart disease and the related disorders stroke, diabetes and hypertension. 3. This review examines the evidence linking these diseases to fetal undernutrition and provides an overview of previous studies in this area.
Psychosocial Stressors as a Determinant of Maternal Cardiovascular Health During Pregnancy.; Maternal psychosocial stress may be a risk factor for poor cardiovascular health (CVH) during pregnancy. We aimed to identify classes of psychosocial stressors in pregnant women and to evaluate their cross-sectional association with CVH. We performed a secondary analysis of women from the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b) cohort (2010 to 2013). Latent class analysis was used to identify distinct classes of exposure to psychosocial stressors based on psychological (stress, anxiety, resilience, depression) and sociocultural indicators (social support, economic stress, discrimination). Optimal and suboptimal CVH was defined based on the presence of 0 to 1 and ≥2 risk factors (hypertension, diabetes mellitus, smoking, obesity, inadequate physical activity), respectively based on the American Heart Association Life's Essential 8. We used logistic regression to evaluate the association between psychosocial classes and CVH. We included 8,491 women and identified 5 classes reflective of gradations of psychosocial stress. In unadjusted models, women in the most disadvantaged psychosocial stressor class were approximately 3 times more likely to have suboptimal CVH than those in the most advantaged class (odds ratio 2.98, 95% confidence interval: 2.54 to 3.51). Adjusting for demographics minimally attenuated the risk (adjusted odds ratio 2.09, 95% confidence interval: 1.76 to 2.48). We observed variation across psychosocial stressor landscapes in women in the nuMoM2b cohort. Women in the most disadvantaged psychosocial class had a greater risk of suboptimal CVH which was only partially explained by differences in demographic characteristics. In conclusion, our findings highlight the association of maternal psychosocial stressors with CVH during pregnancy.
Congenital Heart Disease and Autism: A Case-Control Study.; OBJECTIVES: There has long been an association between congenital heart disease (CHD) and general neurodevelopmental delays. However, the association between CHD and autism spectrum disorders (AuSDs) is less well understood. Using administrative data, we sought to determine the association between CHD and AuSD and identify specific CHD lesions with higher odds of developing AuSD. METHODS: We performed a 1:3 case-control study of children enrolled in the US Military Health System from 2001 to 2013. Children with International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes for AuSD were identified as cases and matched with controls on the basis of date of birth, sex, and enrollment time frame. Each child's records were reviewed for CHD lesions and associated procedures. Conditional logistic regression determined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for comparative associations. RESULTS: There were 8760 cases with AuSD and 26 280 controls included in the study. After adjustment for genetic syndrome, maternal age, gestational diabetes, short gestation, newborn epilepsy, birth asphyxia, and low birth weight, there were increased odds of AuSD in patients with CHD (OR 1.32; 95% CI 1.10-1.59). Specific lesions with significant OR included atrial septal defects (n = 82; OR 1.72; 95% CI 1.07-2.74) and ventricular septal defects (n = 193; OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.21-2.25). CONCLUSIONS: Children with CHD have increased odds of developing AuSD. Specific lesions associated with increased risk include atrial septal defects and ventricular septal defects. These findings will be useful for counseling parents of children with CHD.
Update: consequences of abnormal fetal growth.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is prevalent worldwide and affects children and adults in multiple ways. These include predisposition to type 2 diabetes mellitus, the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, persistent reduction in stature, and possibly changes in the pattern of puberty. A review of recent literature confirms that the metabolic effects of being born small for gestational age are evident in the very young, persist with age, and are amplified by adiposity. Furthermore, the pattern of growth in the first few years of life has a significant bearing on a person's later health, with those that show increasing weight gain being at the greatest risk for future metabolic dysfunction. Treatment with exogenous human GH is used to improve height in children who remain short after being small for gestational age at birth, but the response of individuals remains variable and difficult to predict. The mechanisms involved in the metabolic programming of IUGR children are just beginning to be explored. It appears that IUGR leads to widespread changes in DNA methylation and that specific "epigenetic signatures" for IUGR are likely to be found in various fetal tissues. The challenge is to link such alterations with modifications in gene expression and ultimately the metabolic abnormalities of adulthood, and it represents one of the frontiers for research in the field.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnant women with fibromyalgia: a population-based study of 12 million births.; PURPOSE: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a rheumatologic disorder marked by chronic, widespread pain and associated comorbid conditions. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the effect of FM on maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 1999 to 2013, we conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of women who delivered during that period. Logistic regression was used to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnancies in women with and without FM. RESULTS: Of 12 584 918 births during the 15-year study period, 7758 (0.06%) were to women with FM with rates increasing over the study period. Women with FM were more commonly older in age, overweight or obese, and users of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs. They were more likely to experience anxiety, depression, and bipolar disorder. Women with FM were at greater risk of gestational diabetes, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and placental abruption. Women with FM more commonly had cesarean deliveries (odds ratios (OR): 1.11, 95% CI: 1.05-1.16) and births complicated by venous thromboembolism (OR: 2.34, 95% CI: 1.91-2.86). Infants of women with FM were more likely to be premature (OR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.25-1.46) and have intrauterine growth restriction (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.30-1.68). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of FM in pregnancy is rising in the US. FM is a high-risk pregnancy condition associated with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes.
The effects of exercise conditioning in normal and overweight pregnant women on blood pressure and heart rate variability.; Pre-pregnancy obesity is a risk factor for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and hypertension. Regular exercise during pregnancy has been shown to decrease the risk of these obstetrical complications. The purpose of this prospective study was to measure the effects of an exercise program in normal-weight and overweight/obese pregnant women on blood pressure (BP) and cardiac autonomic function, determined by heart rate variability (HRV) and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS). Twenty-two sedentary pregnant women, recruited at 20 weeks gestational age (GA), were grouped as normal weight or overweight/obese. They were systematically assigned to an exercise (walking) group or control (nonwalking) group after the first participants were randomly assigned. Women in the walking groups participated in a 16-week, low-intensity walking program. BP, HRV, and BRS were measured at rest and during exercise at the beginning (20 weeks GA) and end (36 weeks GA) of the walking program. Results indicated that women in the control groups (especially overweight women) showed changes in BP, HRV, and BRS over pregnancy that were not seen in the walking group. Overweight women in the control group increased resting systolic BP by 10 mmHg and diastolic BP by 7 mmHg. HRV declined in the control group but not in the walking group. A reduction in BRS and R-R interval at rest was found in all groups except the walking normal-weight group. The results suggest that an exercise program could attenuate the increase in BP and the loss of parasympathetic tone associated with pregnancy, especially in overweight women.
General health management and long-term care of the renal transplant recipient.; The steady improvement in short-term success rates in renal transplant patients has translated into better long-term success rates and a large number of patients with long-functioning renal transplants. The necessity for the lifelong administration of immunosuppressive medications to prevent rejection, coupled with the presence in many patients of a variety of other medical problems dating from the period of renal insufficiency prior to the time of renal transplantation, has created a large group of patients with a unique and complex set of long-term medical care needs. Due to the constraints of managed care, considerations of geography, or patient preference, the long-term care of an increasing number of renal transplant recipients has shifted away from the transplant center to the community-based nephrologist or internist. For optimal care to be delivered, it is important that the physicians managing these patients be cognizant of the complex and interacting medical issues involved in their care. Appropriate management can significantly prolong the life of the allograft as well as that of the patient. Guidelines for understanding and managing some of the more important and common general medical problems facing the long-term renal transplant recipient (eg, infectious complications, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, malignancy, pregnancy, bone disease, dental care, preventive care) are addressed in this section.
Perinatal hyperinsulinism and perinatal obesity as risk factors for hyperinsulinaemia in later life.; In the offspring of gestational or long-term diabetic mothers the following findings were obtained: (1) Immunoreactive plasma insulin levels on the first day of life were weakly correlated to the thickness of the skin-fold at the neck on the third day of life (n = 82; r = 0.27; P less than 0.05). (2) A significant correlation was found between the plasma insulin levels at birth and the basal as well as the maximal plasma insulin values after glucose loading (1.75 g/kg b. wt.) at 2 years of age (for basal values: n = 25; r = 0.53; P less than 0.01; and for maximal values: n = 21; r = 0.63; P less than 0.01). (3) A highly significant correlation was even observed between the thickness of the neck-fold at 3 days of age and the fasting plasma insulin levels at 3-8 years of age (n = 26; r = 0.61; P less than 0.001). These findings suggest that perinatal hyperinsulinism and perinatal obesity, induced by maternal hyperglycaemia and/or overnutrition during pregnancy, are risk factors for persistent hyperinsulinaemia predisposing to diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in later life.
Management of cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy.; Cardiovascular (CV) risk factors are rising among women of reproductive age. Obesity, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes, and hypertension are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and increased CV disease (CVD) risk following pregnancy. Pre-conception counselling and longitudinal postpartum follow-up with ongoing CV risk factor screening are critical for early CVD prevention, though significant racial/ethnic disparities in access to care result in significant gaps. This review summarises the recommended management of CV risk factors during and after pregnancy. For obesity, prevention of excessive weight gain is critical. Except in rare cases, lipid-lowering therapies for women with hyperlipidaemia should be stopped before pregnancy. Women with diabetes in pregnancy should maintain tight glucose control, with hemolgobin A1c (HbA1c) <6.5% to prevent congenital abnormalities. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with high maternal and neonatal morbidity and require long-term follow-up to prevent future CVD. Finally, this review highlights the lack of clinical trials informing optimal treatment strategies of CV risk factors during and after pregnancy. Further research is needed to better understand how to improve long-term CV health among this high-risk population.
Epidemiology of cerebral palsy in the Republic of Kazakhstan: Incidence and risk factors.; BACKGROUND: There is a paucity of robust data on the incidence and causes of cerebral palsy (CP) in Central Asian countries, while this information is important for planning local healthcare services. This epidemiological study was designed to clear the gap in knowledge on both the incidence of CP and the underlying risk factors in the Republic of Kazakhstan. METHODS: This was a retrospective study that comprised two stages. At the first stage, a cross-sectional analysis of CP frequencies was performed on the basis of official statistics obtained from the Republican Center for Health Development. A study with age- and sex-matched controls was carried out at the second stage to elucidate the maternal and neonatal risk factors associated with CP. RESULTS: Mild variability in national CP incidence was observed, ranging from 68.7 to 83.3 per 100,000 population. A number of maternal risk factors were significantly associated with CP, including arterial hypertension, thrombocytopenia, diabetes mellitus, pathology of fetal membranes, premature rupture of membranes, and acute respiratory illness during pregnancy. Low Apgar score, gestational age, birth weight, and presence of intraventricular hemorrhage or periventricular leukomalacia were among the important neonatal risk factors. CONCLUSION: There is a need for a more comprehensive prospective study to document the extent of the CP problem in Kazakhstan. In addition, a national CP registry must be envisaged to overcome the lack of essential data.
Intergenerational programming of metabolic disease: evidence from human populations and experimental animal models.; We are in the midst of unparalleled epidemics of obesity and type 2 diabetes-complex phenotypes originating at the intersection of genetic and environmental risk. As detailed in other chapters, evidence indicates that non-genetic, or environmental, risk may initiate during prenatal and early postnatal life [1]. Striking examples in humans include the association of low birth weight (LBW) and/or accelerated early growth with increased risk of insulin resistance, obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and cardiovascular disease (CVD), and the close relationship between maternal obesity or diabetes with childhood obesity. In this chapter, we will focus on the intriguing emerging data from both human and animal models that indicate that intrauterine and childhood exposures can also influence risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in subsequent generations. Understanding the mechanisms responsible for these effects is critical in order to develop effective metabolic and nutritional interventions to interrupt such vicious intergenerational cycles potentiating risk for metabolic disorders.
[Hypertensive changes of the fundus].; Systemic hypertension affects approximately 25 % of the population worldwide and is the most important preventable risk factor for cardiovascular diseases. Hypertension-related fundus abnormalities can be classified into hypertensive retinopathy, choroidopathy, and optic neuropathy. Hypertensive retinopathy causes vascular constriction of retinal arterioles and typical fundus findings, such as blot hemorrhages, hard exudates and cotton wool spots resulting from ischemia within the nerve fiber layer. The use of a detailed grading system based on the severity of vascular constriction is not practicable as arteriosclerotic changes are common among elderly people. Therefore, early stages with pure vascular pathology should be differentiated from severe forms of hypertensive retinopathy with parenchymal changes of the fundus. Screening the retina for hypertensive changes is essential in cases of severe systemic hypertension, acute visual impairment, diabetes mellitus and pregnancy.
Association between gestational age at delivery and indicator-specific severe maternal morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: Individuals who deliver preterm are disproportionately affected by severe maternal morbidity. Limited data suggest that indicator-specific maternal morbidity varies by gestational age at delivery. We sought to evaluate the relationship between gestational age at delivery and the incidence of severe maternal morbidity and indicator-specific severe maternal morbidity. METHODS: We used a hospital administrative delivery database to identify all singleton deliveries between 16 and 42 weeks gestation from 2002 to 2018. We defined severe maternal morbidity as the presence of any International Classification of Disease diagnosis or procedure codes outlined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, intensive care unit admission, and/or prolonged postpartum hospital length of stay. Indicator-specific severe maternal morbidity was based on the diagnosis and procedure codes and was characterized across gestational age epochs. We categorized gestational age into three epochs to capture extremely preterm birth (less than 28 weeks gestation), preterm birth (28-36 weeks gestation) and term birth (37 weeks gestation and above). Multivariable binomial regression was used to assess the association between categories of gestational age at delivery and severe maternal morbidity adjusting for confounders including age, race, body mass index (BMI), insurance status, and preexisting hypertension or diabetes. RESULTS: Severe maternal morbidity occurred in 2.5% of all deliveries. The unadjusted incidence of severe maternal morbidity by gestational age epoch was 12% at less than 28 weeks gestation, 8.4% at 28 to 36 weeks of gestation, and 1.7% at greater than or equal to 37 weeks gestation. After controlling for potential confounders the predicted probability of severe maternal morbidity was 16% (95% CI 14,17%) at 24 weeks compared to 2.2% (95% CI 2.1,2.3%) at 38 weeks. Sepsis, acute respiratory distress syndrome, mechanical ventilation, and shock were the most common diagnostic codes in deliveries less than 28 weeks gestation. Heart failure and cardiac arrhythmias were more common in patients with severe maternal morbidity delivering at term. CONCLUSION: A high proportion of severe maternal morbidity occurred in preterm patients, with the highest rates occurring at less than 28 weeks gestation. Individuals with severe maternal morbidity who deliver preterm had distinct indicators of morbidity compared to those who deliver at term.
Fetal origins of adult disease?; 1. Associations between lower birthweight and higher blood pressure, increased risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease (CHD) have been observed in a number of different populations worldwide. 2. The reason for this is still debated. Some believe that the observed associations can be explained on the basis of differences in postnatal growth, socioeconomic confounding or genetic factors. Two published studies of birthweight and CHD, with information on later size, suggest that both gestational and postnatal exposures are important. Associations between birthweight and blood pressure, seen in cohorts of twins treated as individuals, have generally remained when data are analysed within twin pairs. Furthermore, similar associations are seen in studies of animals with relative genetic homogeneity kept in standard conditions. These findings suggest that neither socioeconomic nor genetic factors are wholly responsible for the observed associations. 3. If then, there is an underlying causal association, two issues are of fundamental importance. First, is fetal growth (for which birthweight is a summary measure) involved in the causal pathway or is the causal factor a fetal exposure independently associated with fetal growth and increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease? The answer is important in terms of our understanding, the potential for intervention and estimation of the public health implications. Second, are the classic risk factors for CHD in the causal chain between fetal exposures or growth and adult CHD? Most prospective studies measure these factors, but their role as intermediates is unproven. 4. Intervention studies are the best way to test causal hypotheses, but our level of understanding is insufficient to justify such studies in humans, so we rely on animal studies to formally test causal hypotheses. In the present paper, we discuss design and statistical issues in relation to animal studies. The challenge in this field is to devise ways to identify and test potential causal hypotheses in humans.
Is the fetal cerebroplacental ratio better that the estimated fetal weight in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes in a low risk cohort?; OBJECTIVE: In high-risk pregnancies combining the cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) with the estimated fetal weight (EFW) improves the identification of vulnerable fetuses. The purpose of this study was to assess the CPR and EFW's ability to predict adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes in a low-risk pregnancy, when measured late in gestation. METHODS: This was a retrospective study of women who birthed at Mater Mothers Hospitals, Brisbane, Australia between 2010 and 2015. We included all nonanomalous singleton pregnancies that had an ultrasound scan performed between 36 and 38 weeks gestation. Excluded was any major congenital abnormality, aneuploidy, multiple pregnancy, preterm birth, maternal hypertension, or diabetes. The primary outcome was a severe composite neonatal outcome (SCNO) defined as severe acidosis (umbilical cord artery pH <7.0, cord lactate ≥6 mmol/L, cord base excess ≤-12 mmol/L) Apgar score ≤3 at 5 minutes, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), and death. A low CPR was defined as <10th centile for gestation and small for gestational age (SGA) was defined as an EFW <10th centile and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) was defined as EFW ≥10th centile. RESULTS: Of 2425 pregnancies, 13.2% (321/2425) had a fetus with a CPR <10th centile and 13.7% (332/2425) with an EFW <10th centile. Both a low CPR and SGA predicted the SCNO. Individually a low CPR and SGA had sensitivity for detection of SCNO of 23.3% and 24.7%, respectively which increased to 36.7% when combined. Both were associated with emergency caesarean for nonreassuring fetal status (NRFS), as well as early-term birth and admission to NICU. Stratifying the population into EFW <10th centile and EFW ≥10th centile, a low CPR maintained its association with the SCNO, early-term birth and emergency caesarean for NRFS in the cohort with an EFW <10th centile but SCNO lost its association with a low CPR in the EFW >10th cohort. Stratifying the population into CPR <10th centile and CPR >10th centile, a low EFW was associated with early-term birth, induction of labor, admission to NICU, and the SCNO. CONCLUSIONS: In a low-risk cohort both the CPR and EFW individually and in combination predicts adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes when measured late in pregnancy. However, the predictive value was enhanced when both were used in combination.
Screening for fetal well-being in a high-risk pregnant population comparing the nonstress test with umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry: a randomized controlled clinical trial.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the ability of two different modes of antepartum fetal testing to screen for the presence of peripartum morbidity, as measured by the cesarean delivery rate for fetal distress in labor. STUDY DESIGN: Over a 36-month period, all patients who were referred to the Fetal Assessment Unit at BC Women's Hospital because of a perceived increased fetal antepartum risk at a gestational age of > or =32 weeks of gestation were approached to participate in this study. Fetal surveillance of these women was allocated randomly to either umbilical artery Doppler ultrasound testing or nonstress testing as a screening test for fetal well-being. If either the umbilical artery Doppler testing or the nonstress testing was normal, patients were screened subsequently with the same technique, according to study protocol. When the Doppler study showed a systolic/diastolic ratio of >90th percentile or the nonstress testing was equivocal (ie, variable decelerations), an amniotic fluid index was performed, as an additional screening test. When the amniotic fluid index was abnormal (<5th percentile), induction and delivery were recommended. When the Doppler study showed absent or reversed diastolic blood flow or when the nonstress test result was abnormal, induction and delivery were recommended to the attending physician. Statistical comparisons between groups were performed with an unpaired t test for normally distributed continuous variables and chi(2) test for categoric variables. RESULTS: One thousand three hundred sixty patients were assigned randomly to groups in the study; 16 patients were lost to follow up. Six hundred forty-nine patients received Doppler testing and 691 received nonstress testing. The mean number of visits for the Doppler test and nonstress test groups was two versus two, respectively. The major indications for fetal assessment included postdates (43%), decreased fetal movement (22%), diabetes mellitus (11%), hypertension (10%), and intrauterine growth restriction (7%). The incidence of cesarean delivery for fetal distress was significantly lower in the Doppler group compared with the nonstress testing group (30 [4.6%] vs 60 [8.7%], respectively; P <.006). The greatest impact on the reduction in cesarean deliveries for fetal distress was seen in the subgroups in which the indication for testing was hypertension and suspected intrauterine growth restriction. CONCLUSION: Umbilical artery Doppler as a screening test for fetal well-being in a high-risk population was associated with a decreased incidence of cesarean delivery for fetal distress compared to the nonstress testing, with no increase in neonatal morbidity.
Mid-gestation low-dose LPS administration results in female-specific excessive weight gain upon a western style diet in mouse offspring.; Gestational complications, including preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, have long-term adverse consequences for offspring's metabolic and cardiovascular health. A low-grade systemic inflammatory response is likely mediating this. Here, we examine the consequences of LPS-induced gestational inflammation on offspring's health in adulthood. LPS was administered to pregnant C57Bl/6J mice on gestational day 10.5. Maternal plasma metabolomics showed oxidative stress, remaining for at least 5 days after LPS administration, likely mediating the consequences for the offspring. From weaning on, all offspring was fed a control diet; from 12 to 24 weeks of age, half of the offspring received a western-style diet (WSD). The combination of LPS-exposure and WSD resulted in hyperphagia and increased body weight and body fat mass in the female offspring. This was accompanied by changes in glucose tolerance, leptin and insulin levels and gene expression in liver and adipose tissue. In the hypothalamus, expression of genes involved in food intake regulation was slightly changed. We speculate that altered food intake behaviour is a result of dysregulation of hypothalamic signalling. Our results add to understanding of how maternal inflammation can mediate long-term health consequences for the offspring. This is relevant to many gestational complications with a pro-inflammatory reaction in place.
The optimal healthy ranges of thyroid function defined by the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality: systematic review and individual participant data meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Reference intervals of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxine (FT(4)) are statistically defined by the 2·5-97·5th percentiles, without accounting for potential risk of clinical outcomes. We aimed to define the optimal healthy ranges of TSH and FT(4) based on the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality. METHODS: This systematic review and individual participant data (IPD) meta-analysis identified eligible prospective cohorts through the Thyroid Studies Collaboration, supplemented with a systematic search via Embase, MEDLINE (Ovid), Web of science, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Google Scholar from Jan 1, 2011, to Feb 12, 2017 with an updated search to Oct 13, 2022 (cohorts found in the second search were not included in the IPD). We included cohorts that collected TSH or FT(4), and cardiovascular outcomes or mortality for adults (aged ≥18 years). We excluded cohorts that included solely pregnant women, individuals with overt thyroid diseases, and individuals with cardiovascular disease. We contacted the study investigators of eligible cohorts to provide IPD on demographics, TSH, FT(4), thyroid peroxidase antibodies, history of cardiovascular disease and risk factors, medication use, cardiovascular disease events, cardiovascular disease mortality, and all-cause mortality. The primary outcome was a composite outcome including cardiovascular disease events (coronary heart disease, stroke, and heart failure) and all-cause mortality. Secondary outcomes were the separate assessment of cardiovascular disease events, all-cause mortality, and cardiovascular disease mortality. We performed one-step (cohort-stratified Cox models) and two-step (random-effects models) meta-analyses adjusting for age, sex, smoking, systolic blood pressure, diabetes, and total cholesterol. The study was registered with PROSPERO, CRD42017057576. FINDINGS: We identified 3935 studies, of which 53 cohorts fulfilled the inclusion criteria and 26 cohorts agreed to participate. We included IPD on 134 346 participants with a median age of 59 years (range 18-106) at baseline. There was a J-shaped association of FT(4) with the composite outcome and secondary outcomes, with the 20th (median 13·5 pmol/L [IQR 11·2-13·9]) to 40th percentiles (median 14·8 pmol/L [12·3-15·0]) conveying the lowest risk. Compared with the 20-40th percentiles, the age-adjusted and sex-adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for FT(4) in the 80-100th percentiles was 1·20 (95% CI 1·11-1·31) for the composite outcome, 1·34 (1·20-1·49) for all-cause mortality, 1·57 (1·31-1·89) for cardiovascular disease mortality, and 1·22 (1·11-1·33) for cardiovascular disease events. In individuals aged 70 years and older, the 10-year absolute risk of composite outcome increased over 5% for women with FT(4) greater than the 85th percentile (median 17·6 pmol/L [IQR 15·0-18·3]), and men with FT(4) greater than the 75th percentile (16·7 pmol/L [14·0-17·4]). Non-linear associations were identified for TSH, with the 60th (median 1·90 mIU/L [IQR 1·68-2·25]) to 80th percentiles (2·90 mIU/L [2·41-3·32]) associated with the lowest risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality. Compared with the 60-80th percentiles, the age-adjusted and sex-adjusted HR of TSH in the 0-20th percentiles was 1·07 (95% CI 1·02-1·12) for the composite outcome, 1·09 (1·05-1·14) for all-cause mortality, and 1·07 (0·99-1·16) for cardiovascular disease mortality. INTERPRETATION: There was a J-shaped association of FT(4) with cardiovascular disease and mortality. Low concentrations of TSH were associated with a higher risk of all-cause mortality and cardiovascular disease mortality. The 20-40th percentiles of FT(4) and the 60-80th percentiles of TSH could represent the optimal healthy ranges of thyroid function based on the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality, with more than 5% increase of 10-year composite risk identified for FT(4) greater than the 85th percentile in women and men older than 70 years. We propose a feasible approach to establish the optimal healthy ranges of thyroid function, allowing for better identification of individuals with a higher risk of thyroid-related outcomes. FUNDING: None.
Human placenta and trophoblast development: key molecular mechanisms and model systems.; Abnormal placentation is considered as an underlying cause of various pregnancy complications such as miscarriage, preeclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, the latter increasing the risk for the development of severe disorders in later life such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Despite their importance, the molecular mechanisms governing human placental formation and trophoblast cell lineage specification and differentiation have been poorly unravelled, mostly due to the lack of appropriate cellular model systems. However, over the past few years major progress has been made by establishing self-renewing human trophoblast stem cells and 3-dimensional organoids from human blastocysts and early placental tissues opening the path for detailed molecular investigations. Herein, we summarize the present knowledge about human placental development, its stem cells, progenitors and differentiated cell types in the trophoblast epithelium and the villous core. Anatomy of the early placenta, current model systems, and critical key regulatory factors and signalling cascades governing placentation will be elucidated. In this context, we will discuss the role of the developmental pathways Wingless and Notch, controlling trophoblast stemness/differentiation and formation of invasive trophoblast progenitors, respectively.
Dyslipidemia in pregnancy may contribute to increased risk of neural tube defects -a pilot study in north Indian population.; Neural tube defects are congenital structural abnormalities of the brain and vertebral column resulting from improper or non-timely closure of the neural tube. Prevalence of neural tube defects is reported to be higher among women with diabetes mellitus and obesity. This study was designed to investigate the relation between the presence of dyslipidemia in antenatal patients and the risk of fetal neural tube defects. The present study was an observational, cross-sectional study involving 129 pregnant women in 16 to 18 weeks gestation period. Of these, 80 women had normal pregnancies and 49 were clinically high-risk cases for neural tube defects. Fasting blood samples were analyzed for blood sugar and lipid profile by enzymatic assay and alpha-fetoprotein levels using Enzyme Immunoassay. Alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) values were converted to Multiples of Median (MoM) appropriate for the gestational age. Based on AFP values, women were labeled as screen negative (AFP <2 MoM, n= 102) and screen positive (AFP > 2 MoM, n =27). Screen positive women were further evaluated by ultrasound and 21 women were found to carry a neural tube defects positive pregnancy. Statistical analysis was done on SPSS software. Body weight of the women showed a significant positive correlation with serum triglycerides, plasma sugar and AFP MoM values. A significant difference was observed in serum cholesterol levels (p= 0.038), triglycerides (p=0.001) and plasma sugar levels (p=0.002) between normal women and those with neural tube defects positive pregnancy. The Odds ratio for neural tube defects risk in dyslipidemic cases was 24.23 (CI 4.73 - 148.60) with a relative risk of 12.12. Dyslipidemia especially hypertriglyceridemia was found to be significantly associated with fetal neural tube defects.
A lifestyle intervention during pregnancy to reduce obesity in early childhood: the study protocol of ADEBAR - a randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of obesity in childhood is increasing worldwide and may be affected by genetic factors and the lifestyle (exercise, nutrition behavior) of expectant parents. Lifestyle factors affect adipokines, namely leptin, resistin, and adiponectin as well as cytokines such as tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), which are involved in the regulation of maternal metabolic homeostasis, glucose metabolism, and the development of insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. However, studies focusing on the effect of exercise or a combination of parental exercise and nutrition on the above-mentioned markers in newborns (venous cord blood) and especially on the long-term development of infants' weight gain are lacking. The study will investigate the effects of a multimodal intervention (regular exercise, diet) on parental and childhood adipocytokines (leptin, resistin, adiponectin, TNF-α, IL-6, BDNF). The effect of a lifestyle-related change in "fetal environmental conditions" on the long-term weight development of the child up to the age of two will also be assessed. METHODS/DESIGN: A randomized multi-center controlled trial will be conducted in Germany, comparing supervised aerobic and resistance training 2x/week (13th to 36th weeks of gestation) and nutritional counseling (6th to 36th weeks of gestation) during pregnancy with usual care. Thirty women (pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index ≥25 kg/m(2), 6th-10th week of gestation) will be included in each group. Maternal anthropometric and physical measurements as well as blood sampling will occur at the 6th-10th, 13th-14th, 21st-24th, and 36th week of gestation, at delivery as well as 8 weeks and 24 months postpartum. Neonatal measurements and umbilical blood sampling will be performed at birth. Maternal and infants' weight development will be assessed every 6 months till 24 months postpartum. A difference in childhood BMI of 1 kg/m(2) at the age of two years between both groups will be assumed. A power size of 80% using a significance level of 0.05 and an effect size of 1.0 is presumed. DISCUSSION: A better understanding of how lifestyle-related changes in the fetal environment might influence infants' outcome after two years of life could have a profound impact on the prevention and development of infants' obesity. TRIAL REGISTRATION: The trial is registered at the German Clinical Trial Register (DRKS00007702); Registered on 10th of August 2016; retrospectively registered https://www.drks.de/drks_web/navigate.do?navigationId=trial.HTML&TRIAL_ID=DRKS00007702.
The pancreatic homeodomain transcription factor IDX1/IPF1 is expressed in neural cells during brain development.; Expression of the homeodomain transcription factor IDX1/IPF1 has been shown to be restricted to cells in the developing foregut that form the pancreatic primordium. In the adult, IDX1/IPF1 is expressed in the duodenum and pancreatic islets. The IDX1/IPF1 gene is required for pancreatic development, and in the human, heterozygous mutations have been linked to diabetes mellitus. In the present communication, we report that IDX1/IPF1 is expressed in discrete cells of the rat central nervous system during embryonic development. Using RT-PCR, IDX1/IPF1 mRNA was detected in neural precursor RC2.E10 cells, as well as in both forebrain and hindbrain of developing rats at embryonic day 15 (E15). The presence of IDX1/IPF1 protein was confirmed by Western immunoblotting. Immunohistochemical analyses of sagittal sections of E15 rats demonstrated the presence of scattered IDX1/IPF1-immunopositive cells in the forebrain. Finally, electrophoretic mobility shift assays using nuclear extracts from neural cells revealed the presence of IDX1/IPF1 bound to a putative homeodomain protein DNA-binding site present in the promoter of the glial fibrillary acidic protein gene. Our results suggest that IDX1/IPF1 may have previously unsuspected extrapancreatic functions during development of neural cells in the central nervous system.
Association Between Dietary Fiber Intake and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Adolescents in the United States.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the association between dietary fiber intake and markers of cardiometabolic risk in adolescents, with blood pressure (BP) as the primary outcome of interest and secondary outcome measures including other established markers of childhood cardiometabolic risk, such as obesity, lipids, albuminuria, estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and uric acid. STUDY DESIGN: Dietary fiber intake was assessed by two 24-hour dietary recall interviews, which were averaged and corrected for body weight. Logistic and linear regression models were used to analyze the cross-sectional association between dietary fiber and cardiometabolic markers. Participants aged 13-17 years in the National Health and Nutritional Examination Survey 2009-2018 who completed a 24-hour dietary recall survey were included. Exclusion criteria included pregnancy, small for gestational age status, and history of major health comorbidities. RESULTS: In fully adjusted regression models, low dietary fiber intake was significantly associated with greater diastolic blood pressure (β = -13.29; 95% CI, -20.66 to -5.93), body mass index z-score (β = -0.91; 95% CI, -1.47 to -0.34), and uric acid (β = -0.80; 95% CI, -1.44 to -0.16). CONCLUSIONS: The association found between low dietary fiber intake and poor childhood cardiometabolic risk markers indicate a need for prospective studies using fiber intake as a dietary intervention in childhood and as a tool for prevention of many chronic conditions.
[Prevention of gestational hypertension with calcium, linoleic acid, mono and polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements].; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the benefits of calcium, linoleic acid and mono- and polyunsaturated fatty acids in the prevention of gestational hypertension. METHODS: Between January 1999 and June 2000, 65 primagravidas with a risk of gestational hypertension between the 20th and 24th week of pregnancy were recruited using Doppler velocimetry of the uterine arteries and Holter 24-h pressure monitoring. Patients with diabetes, hypertensive gestosis and previous renal pathologies were excluded. The patients were divided into 2 unequal groups: Group A (40 patients) was treated with calcium, linoleic acid, and mono and polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements; Group B (25 patients) received no treatment. The patients in both groups underwent Doppler velocimetry of the uterine arteries and Holter pressure monitoring at 28-30-32-35 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Calcium linoleic acid and mono and polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements were effective in significantly reducing the incidence of gestational hypertension (p>0.05); in fact 90% of patients in Group A underwent a physiological evolution of pregnancy compared to only 10% affected by gestational hypertension. In the control group the incidence of this pathology was much higher (32%). CONCLUSIONS: The authors conclude that calcium linoleic acid and mono and polyunsaturated fatty acid supplements are useful and effective in the prevention of gestational hypertension in women at risk for this pathology.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension is associated with an increase in the prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors in Japanese women.; OBJECTIVE: This study assessed whether pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) affects the prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in later life among Japanese women. METHODS: Study participants were 1,185 women (mean [SD] age, 46.5 [5.6] y; range, 38-73 y) aged 40 years or older who underwent a health checkup at a periodic health examination facility between January 2012 and December 2013 and had experienced giving birth. Questionnaires were sent to potential participants, and they were encouraged to provide their Maternal and Child Health Handbook (handbook). We recruited 101 women with a history of PIH (PIH group) and 1,084 women with uncomplicated pregnancy at delivery (control group). Groupings were based on information from the handbook. We assessed the association between PIH and CVD in later life among Japanese women by focusing on hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidemia as risk factors for CVD. Odds ratios (ORs) for the use of antihypertensive, diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidemic medications in the PIH group were determined. RESULTS: Women with PIH had increased risk of antihypertensive medication use compared with women without PIH (2.9% vs 13.9%; OR, 4.28; 95% CI, 2.14-8.57). Triglycerides were significantly higher and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was significantly lower in the PIH group than in the control group. The OR for dyslipidemic medication use in the PIH group relative to the control group was 3.20 (95% CI, 1.42-7.22). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that a history of PIH may be associated with an increased risk of hypertension (a risk factor for CVD) in later life among Japanese women.
What neonatal complications should the pediatrician be aware of in case of maternal gestational diabetes?; In the epidemiologic context of maternal obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D), the incidence of gestational diabetes has significantly increased in the last decades. Infants of diabetic mothers are prone to various neonatal adverse outcomes, including metabolic and hematologic disorders, respiratory distress, cardiac disorders and neurologic impairment due to perinatal asphyxia and birth traumas, among others. Macrosomia is the most constant consequence of diabetes and its severity is mainly influenced by maternal blood glucose level. Neonatal hypoglycemia is the main metabolic disorder that should be prevented as soon as possible after birth. The severity of macrosomia and the maternal health condition have a strong impact on the frequency and the severity of adverse neonatal outcomes. Pregestational T2D and maternal obesity significantly increase the risk of perinatal death and birth defects. The high incidence of maternal hyperglycemia in developing countries, associated with the scarcity of maternal and neonatal care, seriously increase the burden of neonatal complications in these countries.
Acceptability of the FIGO Nutrition Checklist in Preconception and Early Pregnancy to Assess Nutritional Status and Prevent Excess Gestational Weight Gain: A Study of Women and Healthcare Practitioners in the UK.; Optimum nutrition and weight before and during pregnancy are associated with a lower risk of conditions such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. There is a lack of user-friendly tools in most clinical settings to support healthcare practitioners (HCPs) in implementing them. This study aimed to evaluate the acceptability of (1) using a nutrition checklist designed by the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) for nutritional screening of women in the preconception and early pregnancy period and (2) routine discussion of nutrition and weight in clinical care. An online cross-sectional survey was conducted with women (aged 18-45) and HCPs (e.g., general practitioners, obstetricians, and midwives). Quantitative statistical analysis and qualitative content analysis were performed. The concept and content of the checklist were acceptable to women (n = 251) and HCPs (n = 47) (over 80% in both groups). Several barriers exist to implementation such as lack of time, training for HCPs, and the need for sensitive and non-stigmatizing communication. Routine discussion of nutrition was considered important by both groups; however, results suggest that nutrition is not regularly discussed in perinatal visits in the UK. The FIGO nutrition checklist presents a valuable resource for use in clinical practice, offering long-term and intergenerational benefits for both mother and baby.
Decreased Serum 25-Hydroxycalciferol Levels in Pre-diabetic Adults.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the serum 25-hydroxycalciferol levels [25(OH)D] in adults with pre-diabetes and normoglycaemia to examine a possible association of vitamin D deficiency with pre-diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Case control study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Armed Forces Institute of Pathology, Rawalpindi, from November 2012 to July 2013. METHODOLOGY: Atotal of 272 adults including 136 pre-diabetics and 136 normoglycaemics of either gender aged 20 years and above were consecutively inducted. Patients with diabetes mellitus, pregnancy, rickets and osteomalacia, ischemic heart disease, chronic kidney disease and chronic liver disease were excluded. Fasting Plasma Glucose (FPG) was estimated with hexokinase method on Modular p800 Roche chemistry analyzer while serum 25(OH)D was measured on Diasorin Liaison immunoassay analyzer using the chemiluminescent technique. Mean 25(OH)D levels in pre-diabetic and normoglycaemic groups were compared using Mann-Whitney U test. Spearman's correlation coefficient 'rs' was determined between serum 25(OH)D and FPG. Odds ratio for vitamin D deficiency was also calculated. RESULTS: Mean serum 25(OH)D level was low in pre-diabetics (23.2 nmol/L) as compared to normoglycaemics (29 nmol/L; p=0.001). Serum 25(OH)D level had inverse correlation with FPG (rs= -0.448, p=0.000). There was also significant association of vitamin D deficiency with pre-diabetes compared with normoglycaemia (OR: 2.21, p= 0.016; 95% CI: 1.15-4.27). CONCLUSION: Vitamin D deficiency with pre-diabetes suggested that vitamin D may have an important role in pathogenesis of pre-diabetes.
Influence of trans fatty acids on health.; The contribution of dietary trans fatty acids (TFAs) on the risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD) has recently gained further support due to the results from large, prospective, population-based studies. Compared to saturated fat, TFAs are, gram to gram, associated with a considerably (2.5- to >10-fold) higher risk increment for IHD. A negative effect on the human fetus and on newborns and an increase in colon cancer risk in adults are possible but, however, still equivocal. Recent findings justify further studies concerning the effect of TFAs on allergic diseases in children and on the risk of type-2 diabetes in adults. The intake of industrially produced TFAs in European countries is decreasing. However, determination of the TFA content in various popular food items collected in Danish shops showed that it is likely that persons with a frequent intake of, e.g., French fries, microwave oven popcorn, chocolate bars, fast food, etc., consume industrially produced TFAs in amounts far exceeding the average intake, and are thereby exposed to an unnecessary health risk. The Danish government has decided that oils and fats containing more than 2% industrially produced TFAs will not be sold in Denmark after the January 1, 2004.
The association between birthweight and grandparental type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in a multiethnic population.; Intergenerational links of chronic disease have been suggested, as birthweight (BW) is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) in both parents and grandparents. However, most studies investigating these relationships have used relatively homogenous, white, majority populations. This study aimed to investigate the association between BW and CVD and T2D in a multiethnic population, that is, where the parents and grandparents often developed in a different environment from that where the child was born. Participants were women from a population-based cohort study of pregnant women (STORK Groruddalen), attending Child Health Clinics for antenatal care in three administrative city districts in Oslo, Norway, 2008-2010. Information about socioeconomic and lifestyle factors were collected among mothers and fathers. Parents reported history of CVD or T2D among grandparents. In logistic regressions, higher BW z-scores were associated with lower odds of T2D among maternal (OR 0.71 (95% CI 0.53, 0.97) and paternal (0.68 (0.49, 0.94) grandmothers after adjustments for parental and grandmothers' characteristics. BW was not associated with CVD, but the association in maternal grandfathers was borderline significant. Our results indicate intergenerational transmission of chronic diseases like T2D in a multiethnic population.
Preterm Delivery and Maternal Cardiovascular Disease in Young and Middle-Aged Adult Women.; BACKGROUND: Preterm delivery has been shown to be associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but it is unknown whether this risk remains after adjustment for prepregnancy lifestyle and CVD risk factors. METHODS: We examined the association between history of having delivered an infant preterm (<37 weeks) and CVD in 70 182 parous women in the Nurses' Health Study II. Multivariable Cox proportional-hazards models were used to estimate hazards ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for CVD events (myocardial infarction and stroke, n=949); we also adjusted for intermediates to determine the proportion of the association between preterm and CVD accounted for by postpartum development of CVD risk factors. RESULTS: After adjusting for age, race, parental education, and prepregnancy lifestyle and CVD risk factors, preterm delivery in the first pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of CVD (HR, 1.42; 95% CI, 1.16-1.72) in comparison with women with a term delivery (≥37 weeks) in the first pregnancy. When preterm delivery was split into moderate preterm (≥32 to <37 weeks) and very preterm (<32 weeks), the HRs were 1.22 (95% CI, 0.96-1.54) and 2.01 (95% CI, 1.47-2.75), respectively. The increased rate of CVD in the very preterm group persisted even among women whose first pregnancy was not complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.38-2.93). In comparison with women with at least 2 pregnancies, all of which were delivered at term, women with a preterm first birth and at least 1 later preterm birth had a HR of CVD of 1.65 (95% CI, 1.20-2.28). The association between moderate preterm first birth and CVD was accounted for in part by the development of postpartum chronic hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and changes in body mass index (proportion accounted for, 14.5%; 95% CI, 4.0-41.1), as was the very-preterm-CVD relationship (13.1%; 95% CI, 9.0-18.7). CONCLUSIONS: Preterm delivery is independently predictive of CVD and may be useful for CVD prevention efforts. Because only a modest proportion of the preterm-CVD association was accounted for by development of conventional CVD risk factors, further research may identify additional pathways.
Risk factors related to the failure of venous leg ulcers to heal with compression treatment.; BACKGROUND: Compression therapy is the most widely used treatment for venous leg ulcers and it was used in different forms for more than 400 years. Published healing rates of venous ulcers obtained with compression therapy vary widely from 40-95%. According to numerous studies, it has been suggested that the application of external pressure to the calf muscle raises the interstitial pressure resulting in improved venous return and reduction in the venous hypertension. Several risk factors have been identified to be correlated with the failure of venous leg ulcers to heal with compression therapy (longer ulcer duration; large surface area; fibrinous deposition present on >50% of the wound surface and an Ankle Brachial Pressure Index (ABPI) of <0.85. METHODS: An open prospective single-center study was performed in order to determine possible risk factors associated with the failure of venous ulcers to heal when treated with multi-layer high compression bandaging system for 52 weeks. In the study, 189 patients (101 women, 88 men; mean age 61 years) with venous leg ulcers (ulcer surface >5 cm(2); duration >3 months) were included. The study excluded patients with arterial disease (ABPI <0.8), heart insufficiency with ejection fraction (EF) <35, pregnancy, cancer disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and diabetes. Based on clinical opinion and available literature, the following were considered as potential risk factors: sex, age, ulceration surface, time since ulcer onset, previous operations, history of deep vein thrombosis, body mass index (BMI), reduction in calf circumference >3 cm during the first 50 days of treatment, walking distance during the day <200 meters, calf:ankle circumference ratio <1.3, fixed ankle joint, history of surgical wound debridement, >50% of wound covered with fibrin, depth of the wound >2 cm. RESULTS: Within 52 weeks of limb-compression therapy, 24 (12.7%) venous ulcers had failed to heal. A small ulceration surface (<20 cm(2)), the duration of the venous ulcer <12 months, a decrease in calf circumference of more than 3 cm, and emergence of new skin islets on >10% of wound surface during the first 50 days of treatment were favorable prognostic factors for ulcer healing. A large BMI (>33 kg/m(2)), short walking distance during the day (<200 m), a history of wound debridement, and ulcers with deepest presentation (>2 cm) were indicators of slow healing. Calf:ankle circumference ratio <1.3, fixed ankle joint, and reduced ankle range of motion were the only independent parameters associated with non-healing (P < .001). CONCLUSION: The results obtained in this study suggest that non-healing venous ulcers are related to the impairment of the calf muscle pump.
Severe maternal morbidity and other perinatal complications among women with physical, sensory, or intellectual and developmental disabilities.; BACKGROUND: Little is known about severe maternal morbidity (SMM) among women with disabilities. OBJECTIVE: We assessed differences in SMM and other perinatal complications by presence and type of disability. We hypothesised that SMM and other complications would be more common in births to women with disabilities than to women without disabilities. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of California births from 2000 to 2012, using birth and death certificate data linked with hospital discharge data. We included singleton deliveries with gestational age of 23-42 weeks. We classified women as having any disability or not and identified disability type (physical, hearing, vision, intellectual/developmental disabilities [IDD]). Our primary outcome was a composite indicator of SMM. Secondary outcomes included additional perinatal complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, chorioamnionitis, puerperal endometritis and mental health disorders complicating pregnancy, childbirth or the puerperium. We used modified Poisson regression to obtain covariate-adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of disability status and type with SMM and secondary outcomes. RESULTS: Of 5,787,090 deliveries, 33,044 (0.6%) were to women with disabilities. Of these, 311 per 10,000 were complicated by SMM, compared with 84 per 10,000 deliveries to women without disabilities. In multivariable analyses, risk of SMM for births to women with disabilities was nearly three times that for women without disabilities (RR 2.84, 95% CI 2.67, 3.02). Proportion and risk of SMM were greatest for vision disability (793 per 10,000; RR 4.04, 95% CI 3.41, 4.78). Secondary outcomes were also more common among women with disabilities. In particular, more than a third of births to women with IDD (37.4%) were complicated by mental health disorders (versus 2.2% for women without disabilities). CONCLUSION: As hypothesised, SMM and other perinatal complications were more common among women with disabilities than among women without disabilities.
[Risk factors for cardiovascular disease in patients with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. Experience of 10 years].; BACKGROUND: The 8 to 10% of pregnancies are affected with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. They are the most common obstetric complication and present significant maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality; but also these diseases go beyond pregnancy and determine a group of women with increased cardiovascular risk in your life futura. Cardiovascular disease remains the main cause of death in the Western world and women with a history of pregnancy hypertensive disease, are at increased risk of cardiovascular complications afterwards. Therefore, pregnancy is a unique physiological situation provides an opportunity to identify a group of women who will present cardiovascular risk factors later in life. OBJETIVE: To determine the long-term cardiovascular risk factors (chronic hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome) and thyroid dysfunction incidence in women who have previously been diagnosed with “hypertensive disorders of pregnancy”. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Case-control study with retrospective collection of information from women whose pregnancy and childbirth occurred between 2000 and 2010. Case: Patients with a diagnosis of “hypertensive diseases of pregnancy” (N = 134). Control: random sample of pregnant women who were not diagnosed with hypertensive state of pregnancy and whose gestation was spent in 2000 (n = 145). The mean follow-up of both groups was 10,78 years. We have applied parametric test (T-Student for independent samples), and for those variables that did not meet that condition, we have applied the U of Mann-Whitney test. The Chi-square test was used to compare qualitative variables and Fisher’s exact test. For comparison between groups, model univariate logistic regression was performed. RESULTS: The incidence of hypertension was 41,32% in patients with a history of hypertensive pregnancy disease, with a relative risk (RR) was 9,15. The incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus was 5,17%. Dyslipidemia was diagnosed after at 43,53% with a RR of 3,7. Metabolic syndrome reached 16,83% in the cases population with a RR of 2,63. The incidence of hypothyroidism was 8,11%. CONCLUSION: Patients who were diagnosed with “hypertensive state of pregnancy” are a group of women at increased risk of developing cardiovascular risk factors later in life.
Reference values for neonatal thyroid volumes in a moderately iodine-deficient area.; BACKGROUND: The reference ranges of thyroid volumes in neonates vary according to the iodine status of a specific region. In different studies, it ranged between 0.47 and 1.62 ml. It has been previously shown that Bursa city was a moderately iodine-deficient area. We therefore aimed at determining normal reference ranges of neonatal thyroid volumes in our moderately iodine-deficient area. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, thyroid volumes of 100 healthy fullterm neonates (51 boys and 49 girls; mean gestational age 38.9+/-1.1 weeks; and mean birth-weight 3370+/-446 g) were measured during the first week of life using thyroid ultrasonography. These data were compared with the gestational age, birth weight, gender, and TSH values of neonates as well as with maternal factors such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, smoking, medication use, and heart disease. RESULTS: All blood samples for TSH were taken during the first 5 days (mean 1.09+/-0.9 days). The mean TSH levels in all male and female neonates were 3.77+/-3.71, 4.57+/-3.61, and 2.93+/-3.66 mIU/l, respectively. This difference was statistically significant (p=0.006). Mean thyroid volumes for all male and female neonates were calculated as 0.82+/-0.18 (range 0.51-2.04), 0.84+/-0.21 (range 0.51-2.04), and 0.80+/-0.14 ml (range 0.58-1.30), respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in thyroid volumes with respect to gestational age, birth weight, gender, TSH values of neonates and maternal factors. CONCLUSION: Normal thyroid volumes in neonates vary between different regions. Local reference values should be used in thyroid volume assessment. Our results are in concordance with the literature and can be used as reference values for our region.
Albuminuria, Forgotten No More: Underlining the Emerging Role in CardioRenal Crosstalk.; Kidneys have an amazing ability to adapt to adverse situations, both acute and chronic. In the presence of injury, the kidney is able to activate mechanisms such as autoregulation or glomerular hyperfiltration to maintain the glomerular filtration rate (GFR). While these adaptive mechanisms can occur in physiological situations such as pregnancy or high protein intake, they can also occur as an early manifestation of diseases such as diabetes mellitus or as an adaptive response to nephron loss. Although over-activation of these mechanisms can lead to intraglomerular hypertension and albuminuria, other associated mechanisms related to the activation of inflammasome pathways, including endothelial and tubular damage, and the hemodynamic effects of increased activity of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, among others, are recognized pathways for the development of albuminuria. While the role of albuminuria in the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is well known, there is increasing evidence of its negative association with cardiovascular events. For example, the presence of albuminuria is associated with an increased likelihood of developing heart failure (HF), even in patients with normal GFR, and the role of albuminuria in atherosclerosis has recently been described. Albuminuria is associated with adverse outcomes such as mortality and HF hospitalization. On the other hand, it is increasingly known that the systemic effects of congestion are mainly preceded by increased central venous pressure and transmitted retrogradely to organs such as the liver or kidney. With regard to the latter, a new entity called congestive nephropathy is emerging, in which increased renal venous pressure can lead to albuminuria. Fortunately, the presence of albuminuria is modifiable and new treatments are now available to reverse this common risk factor in the cardiorenal interaction.
Differences in Risk Factors for Coronary Atherosclerosis According to Sex.; Interest in sex differences related to coronary artery disease (CAD) has steadily increased, and the risk factors for CAD show distinct sex differences. For women, cardiovascular risk increases significantly after menopause due to a decrease in estrogen levels. In older individuals, increased arterial stiffness results in a higher pulse pressure, leading to a more common occurrence of isolated systolic hypertension; these changes are more noticeable in women. While the incidence of diabetes is similar in both sexes, women with diabetes face a 50% higher relative risk of fatal coronary heart disease compared to men. Smoking significantly increases the risk of ischemic heart disease in women, particularly those who are younger. The decrease in estrogen in women leads to a redistribution of fat, resulting in increased abdominal obesity and, consequently, an elevated cardiovascular risk. Pregnancy and reproductive factors also have a significant impact on CAD risks in women. Additionally, disparities exist in medical practice. Women are less likely to be prescribed cardioprotective drugs, referred for interventional or surgical treatments, or included in clinical research than men. By increasing awareness of these sex differences and addressing the disparities, we can progress toward more personalized treatment strategies, ultimately improving patient outcomes.
[Novelties in the European Hypertension Guide 2007. European Society of Cardiology. European Society of Hypertension].; The 2007 European Guidelines on Hypertension are jointly sponsored by the European Society of Cardiology and the European Society of Hypertension. Changes with respect to the previous 2003 Guidelines are few but some are significant. Perhaps the most significant change is inclusion of metabolic syndrome as a cardiovascular risk factor similar in importance to diabetes mellitus or target-organ damage. Also striking is the recognition of chronic kidney disease as a very high risk condition in hypertensive patients. Masked arterial hypertension (AHT) is included for the first time as a new entity that is present in 10-15% of cases and associated with increased cardiovascular risk. The eye fundus examination is no longer considered necessary in the diagnostic evaluation. The decision to start treatment should be based on systolic and diastolic BP values and on assessment of total cardiovascular risk. Drug therapy should be started early. The delay to check the response to nonpharmacological measures should be only some weeks and not months as was previously established. Any of the five large groups (diuretics, beta-blockers, calcium antagonists, ACE inhibitors and angiotensin II blockers) is valid for the first stage of treatment, although the choice should be individualized based on the possible risk factors and associated cardiovascular and renal disease. The guidelines place strong emphasis on drug combinations because most patients will require more than one drug for their control.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with diabetes-related microvascular disease and risks of disease progression in pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The rise in the global prevalence of diabetes, particularly among younger people, has led to an increase in the number of pregnant women with preexisting diabetes, many of whom have diabetes-related microvascular complications. We aimed to estimate the magnitude of the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes or disease progression in this population. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis on maternal and perinatal complications in women with type 1 or 2 diabetic microvascular disease and the risk factors for worsening of microvascular disease in pregnancy using a prospective protocol (PROSPERO CRD42017076647). We searched major databases (January 1990 to July 2021) for relevant cohort studies. Study quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. We summarized the findings as odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using random effects meta-analysis. We included 56 cohort studies involving 12,819 pregnant women with diabetes; including 40 from Europe and 9 from North America. Pregnant women with diabetic nephropathy were at greater risk of preeclampsia (OR 10.76, CI 6.43 to 17.99, p < 0.001), early (<34 weeks) (OR 6.90, 95% CI 3.38 to 14.06, p < 0.001) and any preterm birth (OR 4.48, CI 3.40 to 5.92, p < 0.001), and cesarean section (OR 3.04, CI 1.24 to 7.47, p = 0.015); their babies were at higher risk of perinatal death (OR 2.26, CI 1.07 to 4.75, p = 0.032), congenital abnormality (OR 2.71, CI 1.58 to 4.66, p < 0.001), small for gestational age (OR 16.89, CI 7.07 to 40.37, p < 0.001), and admission to neonatal unit (OR 2.59, CI 1.72 to 3.90, p < 0.001) compared to those without nephropathy. Diabetic retinopathy was associated with any preterm birth (OR 1.67, CI 1.27 to 2.20, p < 0.001) and preeclampsia (OR 2.20, CI 1.57 to 3.10, p < 0.001) but not other complications. The risks of onset or worsening of retinopathy were increased in women who were nulliparous (OR 1.75, 95% CI 1.28 to 2.40, p < 0.001), smokers (OR 2.31, 95% CI 1.25 to 4.27, p = 0.008), with existing proliferative disease (OR 2.12, 95% CI 1.11 to 4.04, p = 0.022), and longer duration of diabetes (weighted mean difference: 4.51 years, 95% CI 2.26 to 6.76, p < 0.001) compared to those without the risk factors. The main limitations of this analysis are the heterogeneity of definition of retinopathy and nephropathy and the inclusion of women both with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: In pregnant women with diabetes, presence of nephropathy and/or retinopathy appear to further increase the risks of maternal complications.
Dietary Fiber Intake Alters Gut Microbiota Composition but Does Not Improve Gut Wall Barrier Function in Women with Future Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; Pregnancy alters the inflammatory state, metabolic hormones, and gut microbiota composition. It is unclear if the lower abundance of dietary fiber-fermenting, short-chain fatty acid-producing bacteria observed in hypertension also occurs in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). This study investigated the relationship between dietary fiber intake and the gut microbiota profile at 28 weeks gestation in women who developed HDP in late pregnancy (n = 22) or remained normotensive (n = 152) from the Study of PRobiotics IN Gestational diabetes (SPRING). Dietary fiber intake was classified as above or below the median of 18.2 g/day. Gut microbiota composition was examined using 16S rRNA gene amplicon sequencing. The gut permeability marker zonulin was measured in a subset of 46 samples. In women with future HPD, higher dietary fiber intake was specifically associated with increased abundance of Veillonella, lower abundance of Adlercreutzia, Anaerotruncus and Uncl. Mogibacteriaceae and higher zonulin levels than normotensive women. Fiber intake and zonulin levels were negatively correlated in women with normotensive pregnancies but not in pregnancies with future HDP. In women with normotensive pregnancies, dietary fiber intake may improve gut barrier function. In contrast, in women who develop HDP, gut wall barrier function is impaired and not related to dietary fiber intake.
Pregnancy Ketonemia and Development of the Fetal Central Nervous System.; Glucose is the major source of energy for the human brain which in turn uses ketone bodies as a supplement for energy deficit in glucose cell deficiency conditions. Pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes is a condition associated with significantly increased risk of ketonemia development. The data available proves a changing influence of ketones on the central nervous system during fetal life and in adults as well. Ketone bodies freely pass through the placenta. They can affect fetal growth and organ damage development, especially the central nervous system. As agreed in the current recommendation of the diabetes associations, it is not obligatory for the attending doctor to conduct a routine inspection of ketone bodies during diabetes treatment in pregnancy. This article is a literature review of ketones' effect on the central nervous system and an attempt to initiate discussion whether we should consider including ketonemia assessment into the standard care package for pregnant women with diabetes and begin some research on the explanation of its influence on fetal development.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: A risk factor for cancer, autoimmune and cardiovascular diseases?; The authors show, in an elegant population-based study, a significant association between intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and liver and biliary cancer. This association is most probably related to the high frequency of hepatitis C and gallstone disease in women with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, both being risk factors for liver and biliary cancer. In addition, the study clearly shows an increased risk of diabetes mellitus and autoimmune diseases, such as thyroid diseases, psoriasis, autoimmune arthropathies and Crohn's disease, and a small increase in cardiovascular diseases. In practice, a follow-up of liver function tests 6-12 weeks after delivery is strongly recommended to detect a possible associated liver disease.
Limiting antenatal weight gain improves maternal health outcomes in severely obese pregnant women: findings of a pragmatic evaluation of a midwife-led intervention.; BACKGROUND: Antenatal obesity in pregnancy is associated with complications of pregnancy and poor obstetric outcomes. Although most guidance on pregnancy weight is focused on the prepregnancy period, pregnancy is widely viewed as a period where women are open to lifestyle change to optimise their health. METHODS: The hospital-based Bumps and Beyond intervention invited all pregnant women with a body mass index (BMI) >35 kg m(-2) to take part in a programme of health education around diet and exercise, accompanied by one-to-one guidance and monitoring of dietary change. This service evaluation compares 89 women who completed at a programme of seven sessions with healthy lifestyle midwives and advisors (intervention) versus a group of 89 women who chose not to attend (non-intervention). RESULTS: Mean (SD) weight gain in the intervention group [4.5 (4.6) kg] was less than in the non-intervention group [10.3 (4.4) kg] between antenatal booking and 36 weeks of gestation (< 0.001). This was associated with a 95% reduction in the risk of gestational hypertension during pregnancy and a general reduction in pregnancy complications. There was no effect of the intervention upon gestational diabetes or complications in labour other than post-partum haemorrhage (reduced by 55%). The impact of the intervention on gestational weight gain was greater in women with BMI >40 kg m(-2) at booking. There were no adverse effects of the intervention, even though 21% of the intervention group lost weight during their pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Intensive, personalised weight management intervention may be an effective strategy for the prevention of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy.
Factors Associated with Diabetes-Related Clinical Inertia in a Managed Care Population and Its Effect on Hemoglobin A1c Goal Attainment: A Claims-Based Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Despite evidence showing the benefits of treatment intensification following an elevated hemoglobin A1c (A1c), clinical inertia, or failure to establish and/or escalate treatment to achieve treatment goals, is a concern among patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Clinical inertia may contribute to increased health care utilization and costs due to poor clinical outcomes in MCOs. OBJECTIVES: To (a) identify factors associated with clinical inertia in T2DM and (b) determine differences in A1c goal attainment between patients who experience clinical inertia versus treatment intensification in a commercially insured population. METHODS: Medical and pharmacy claims data were used to identify commercially insured patients in a regional MCO with a recorded A1c ≥ 8.0% between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2015. In the 4 months following the first elevated A1c value (index date), patients were classified into 2 groups: treatment intensification or clinical inertia. Treatment intensification was defined as the addition of ≥ 1 new noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication, the addition of insulin, or a dose increase of any current noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication. Patients were required to have ≥ 1 follow-up A1c value 6-12 months after the index date and continuous enrollment in the health plan for 12 months before and after the index date. Patients were excluded if they had a diagnosis for gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes or if they were on insulin in the pre-index period. The primary outcome of attaining A1c < 7.0% was compared between groups after propensity score matching (PSM). Factors associated with clinical inertia were identified using logistic regression. RESULTS: 3,078 patients, with a mean (SD) age of 54.4 (10.6) years and a mean (SD) baseline A1c of 9.6% (1.7), were included in the study. Of these, 1,093 patients (36%) experienced clinical inertia. After PSM, 1,760 patients remained; 880 in each group. In the clinical inertia group, 23% of patients achieved an A1c < 7.0% in the post-index period, compared with 35% in the treatment intensification group (P < 0.001). A greater likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia was associated with baseline treatment with 2 (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 1.22-2.86; P < 0.001) or ≥ 3 (OR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.30-2.42; P < 0.001) antihyperglycemic medications (vs. none), baseline age ≥ 65 years (OR = 2.11, 95% CI = 1.63-2.74; P < 0.001), and diagnosis of coronary heart disease (OR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.10-1.88; P = 0.007). A baseline A1c ≥ 9.0% (vs. 8.0%-8.9%) was associated with a lower likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia (OR = 0.56, 95% CI = 0.48-0.66; P < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: More than a third of patients in a commercially insured population with T2DM and a baseline A1c ≥ 8% experienced clinical inertia. Clinical inertia resulted in worse A1c outcomes over the 12-month follow-up period. Results of this study suggest that treatment intensification should be monitored, with efforts made to educate health care providers on strategies aimed at improving glycemic control for high-risk patients. DISCLOSURES: This study was funded by a grant from Janssen Scientific Affairs, which was involved in study design, interpretation of results, and manuscript review. Wander reports consulting fees from Sanofi Aventis outside the submitted work. McAdam-Marx reports grants from Sanofi Aventis and AstraZeneca outside the submitted work. Pesa and Bailey were employees of Janssen Scientific Affairs during the conduct of the study. Bailey also reports stock ownership in Johnson and Johnson. This study was presented as a poster at the Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy Nexus 2017; October 16-19, 2017; Grapevine, TX.
Factors Associated with Diabetes-Related Clinical Inertia in a Managed Care Population and Its Effect on Hemoglobin A1c Goal Attainment: A Claims-Based Analysis.; BACKGROUND: There are over 2000 pregnancies annually in women with type 1 diabetes in the UK. Despite recent improvements in diabetes technology, most women cannot achieve and maintain the recommended pregnancy glucose targets. Thus, one in two babies experience complications requiring neonatal care unit admission. Recent studies demonstrate that hybrid closed-loop therapy, in which algorithms adjust insulin delivery according to continuous glucose measurements, is effective for managing type 1 diabetes outside of pregnancy, but efficacy during pregnancy is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To examine the clinical efficacy of hybrid closed-loop compared to standard insulin therapy in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. DESIGN: A multicentre, parallel-group, open-label, randomised, controlled trial in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. SETTING: Nine antenatal diabetes clinics in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and above-target glucose levels, defined as glycated haemoglobin A1c of ≥ 48 mmol/mol (6.5%) in early pregnancy. INTERVENTIONS: A hybrid closed-loop system compared to standard insulin delivery (via insulin pump or multiple daily injections) with continuous glucose monitoring. OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome is the difference between the intervention and control groups in percentage time spent in the pregnancy glucose target range (3.5–7.8 mmol/l) as measured by continuous glucose monitoring from 16 weeks’ gestation until delivery. Secondary outcomes include overnight time in range, time above range (> 7.8 mmol/l), glycated haemoglobin A1c, safety outcomes (diabetic ketoacidosis, severe hypoglycaemia, adverse device events), psychosocial functioning obstetric and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: The percentage of time that maternal glucose levels were within target range was higher with closed-loop than standard insulin therapy: 68.2 ± 10.5 in closed-loop and 55.6 ± 12.5 in the control group (mean‑adjusted difference 10.5 percentage points, 95% confidence interval 7.0 to 14.0; p < 0.001). Results were consistent in secondary outcomes, with less time above range (−10.2%, 95% confidence interval −13.8 to −6.6%; p < 0.001), higher overnight time in range (12.3%, 95% confidence interval 8.3 to 16.2%; p < 0.001) and lower glycated haemoglobin A1c (−0.31%, 95% confidence interval −0.50 to −0.12%; p < 0.002) all favouring closed-loop. The treatment effect was apparent from early pregnancy and consistent across clinical sites, maternal glycated haemoglobin A1c categories and previous insulin regimen. Maternal glucose improvements were achieved with 3.7 kg less gestational weight gain and without additional hypoglycaemia or total daily insulin dose. There were no unanticipated safety problems (six vs. five severe hypoglycaemia cases, one diabetic ketoacidosis per group) and seven device-related adverse events associated with closed-loop. There were no between-group differences in patient-reported outcomes. There was one shoulder dystocia in the closed-loop group and four serious birth injuries, including one neonatal death in the standard care group. LIMITATIONS: Our results cannot be extrapolated to closed-loop systems with higher glucose targets, and our sample size did not provide definitive data on maternal and neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Hybrid closed-loop therapy significantly improved maternal glycaemia during type 1 diabetes pregnancy. Our results support National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guideline recommendations that hybrid closed-loop therapy should be offered to all pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. FUTURE WORK: Future trials should examine the effectiveness of hybrid closed-loop started before pregnancy, or as soon as possible after pregnancy confirmation. TRIAL REGISTRATION: This trial is registered as ISRCTN56898625. FUNDING: This award was funded by the National Institute of Health and Care Research (NIHR) Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation (EME) programme (NIHR award ref: 16/35/01) and is published in full in Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation; Vol. 11, No. 7. See the NIHR Funding and Awards website for further award information. Dexcom supplied the continuous glucose monitoring systems used by AiDAPT intervention- and control-arm participants at reduced cost.
[Gender inequalities for cardiovascular diseases].; Cardiovascular diseases are the primary cause of death in women. Cardiovascular risk is specific and often underestimated in women. At equal age, women have more cardiovascular risk factors than men. Some of them such as smoking and diabetes are associated with greater increase of cardiovascular risk and poorer prognosis in women as compared to men. In addition, women have a specific hormonal risk linked to contraception, pregnancy and menopause. Prevention, screening and diagnosis are generally implemented both at later stages and less frequently than in men because of particularities in clinical presentation, and treatments are not optimal in women. All these specificities must be considered for an optimized evaluation of cardiovascular risk and an improvement of management in women.
Hypertension in pregnancy: maternal and fetal outcomes according to laboratory and clinical features.; OBJECTIVES: To determine the predictive value of clinical and laboratory parameters for maternal and fetal complications in pregnant women with hypertension. DESIGN: Prospective data collection. SETTING: Two primary referral hospitals in the southern suburbs of Sydney between March 1987 and July 1994. SUBJECTS: 1183 pregnant women with hypertension managed conjointly by a physician and obstetrician. INTERVENTION: Uniform management protocol, plus antihypertensive medications if systolic blood pressure was persistently > or = 160 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure > or = 90 mmHg. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Maternal and fetal complications, as defined by the Australasian Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy Consensus Statement. RESULTS: Of 825 women with pre-eclampsia (502 mild; 323 severe), univariate analysis showed that hyperuricaemia, proteinuria and severe hypertension were significantly associated with a higher rate of maternal and fetal complications. In multivariate analyses without confounders, only primiparity, low serum albumin levels and absence of diabetes were significantly associated with severe pre-eclampsia. Severe pre-eclampsia, high haemoglobin levels and low platelet count were associated with higher rates of small-for-gestational-age babies, but only low serum albumin levels were associated with increased perinatal mortality rates. Low birthweight was associated with severe hypertension and severe pre-eclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Simple clinical and laboratory parameters are useful predictors for maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by hypertension.
Fetal growth and adult diseases.; Evidence that the quality of fetal growth and development has strong and, in widely varying populations, reproducible effects on susceptibility to many common adult human diseases has only been acquired relatively recently. The importance of this largely environmentally determined process in relation to genetic factors remains a topic of great debate. Diseases that have been implicated include cardiovascular disease, hypertension, osteoporosis, schizophrenia, depression, breast cancer, and the polycystic ovary syndrome. This short review focuses on fetal programming of appetite and obesity, coronary artery disease and hypertension, type-2 diabetes, and cancer. The enormous importance of establishing the precise role of environmentally determined poor fetal growth in causing susceptibility to adult disease, usually in combination with adult obesity, (which may itself be a consequence of the same process) is emphasized. Once this is clear, there will be a major opportunity for disease prevention.
A population-based cohort of adult patients with diabetes mellitus in a Western District of Austria: The Diabetes Landeck cohort.; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes mellitus (DM) has become an important and exacerbating health epidemic, with severe consequences for both patients and health systems. The National Diabetes Strategy of Austria addresses the lack of high-quality data on DM in Austria and the need for developing a national data network. The aims of our study are to establish a cohort including all adult diabetes patients in a district in western Austria, describe the demographic and clinical characteristics of this cohort, and provide an estimation of diabetes prevalence. METHODS: We recruited a population-based cohort of adult patients with a diagnosis of DM in cooperation with a network of all caregivers. Data collection was based on a case report form, including patient characteristics, clinical parameters and long-term complications. RESULTS: In total, 1845 patients with DM were recruited and analysed. We observed an overall prevalence of 5.3% [95% CI: 5.0%-5.5%]. For the subsequent main analysis, we included 1755 patients with DM after excluding 90 patients with gestational DM. There were significant differences between genders in the distribution of specific clinical parameters, patient characteristics, and the long-term complications diabetic foot, amputation and cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSION: To the best of our knowledge, we established the first diabetes cohort study in Austria. Prevalence and the proportion of specific long-term complications were lower when compared to the international context. We assume that the Diabetes Landeck Cohort has reached a high degree of completeness; however, we were not able to identify independent data sources for a valid check of completeness.
Perinatal outcome and long-term pediatric morbidity of pregnancies with a fibroid uterus.; BACKGROUND: Uterine fibroids are a common morbidity in women and its prevalence is increasing with age. As maternal age rises, fibroids become more prevalent during pregnancy. AIM: To assess perinatal outcome and long-term health of children to mothers with uterine fibroids during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort analysis assessing long-term hospitalizations of offspring, up to the age of 18 years, due to gastrointestinal, neurological, cardiovascular, endocrine, and respiratory morbidity, following pregnancies diagnosed with and without a fibroid uterus. Multivariable generalized estimating equation (GEE) analysis adjusted for maternal clusters and other possible confounders was performed. Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox survival regression models were used to compare cumulative morbidity incidence and control for confounders. SUBJECTS: All singleton deliveries occurring between 1991 and 2014. OUTCOME MEASURES: Perinatal outcome and long-term pediatric morbidity. RESULTS: A total of 242,445 singleton deliveries were included; 0.5% of which were diagnosed with uterine fibroids (n = 1237). In the GEE multivariable analyses, advanced maternal age, hypertensive disorder and diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction, low birthweight (<2500 g), and small for gestational age newborns, were all independently associated with uterine fibroids during pregnancy. Hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years in the different health categories were comparable between the groups, using Cox regression models, controlled for clinically significant confounders in the long-term outcomes. CONCLUSION: Maternal uterine fibroids appear to negatively impact perinatal outcome, mainly fetal growth. However, no independent major impact on future health of the offspring can be detected.
Neonatal polycythemia in appropriately grown infants of hypertensive mothers.; Neonatal polycythemia is a frequent finding after pregnancies complicated by diabetes and by maternal hypertension with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). It is still unclear if the association of polycythemia with hypertension is the result of IUGR or of hypertension per se. To establish the incidence of neonatal polycythemia in populations at risk, we analyzed the results of hematocrit values obtained from 1592 neonates born consecutively at the Hospital de Clinicas, Buenos Aires. Capillary hematocrit values were obtained by heel stick before 6 h of age. When the values were 65% or greater, new samples were obtained from an antecubital vein. The risk of polycythemia in appropriately grown infants of hypertensive mothers was 12.6-fold greater than the risk in the general population. These data show that maternal hypertension poses a significant risk for polycythemia, regardless of fetal growth. We suggest that, to prevent possible sequela, hematocrit is measured routinely in all infants of hypertensive mothers for prompt diagnosis and treatment.
Oligonephropathy: from a rare childhood disorder to a possible health problem in the adult.; Recent data have shed significant new light on the structural and functional development of the kidneys, as well as on a rare congenital form of bilateral renal hypoplasia called congenital oligomeganephronia. In this renal disorder, few greatly enlarged and "hard-working" nephrons are found that will ultimately sclerose and lead to end-stage renal failure during early childhood. At the same time it has been recognized that the number of nephrons in the kidneys of various animal species and humans is correlated to renal mass. Therefore, premature babies and/or infants small for gestational age due to intrauterine malnutrition will be born with relatively small kidneys and a certain nephron deficit, a condition called congenital oligonephropathy. Extensive worldwide epidemiologic studies have now shown that these premature or SGA infants have a high incidence of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes and renal failure in adulthood. Although the pathophysiologic mechanisms responsible for these complications of premature birth are not entirely understood, it has become clear that the described association may pose a possible health problem in the adult population. This review describes the background of COMN and CON as well as the evidence that has accumulated on the adult complications of the latter. In addition, some thoughts are presented on the importance of identifying subjects possibly affected by CON, such that early recognition may alter the ultimate outcome.
Evaluation of Referral Pattern for Fetal Echocardiography at a Tertiary Care Center in Northern India and Its Implications.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the referral pattern for fetal echocardiography (FE) at our tertiary referral center for pediatric cardiac care in northern India. We also aimed to determine the incidence of CHD in each group and intend to highlight the need of identifying the various risk factors and appropriate timely referral of patients for detailed evaluation. METHODS: This is a prospective study including 201 consecutive patients referred for fetal echo to our center. Data collected included referral indication, gestational age, maternal age, the gravida, and the final diagnosis after detailed fetal echo. Various indications that were evaluated included maternal diabetes (pre-gestational or gestational), echogenic cardiac nodule, abnormal four chamber on ultrasound, other extra-cardiac abnormalities detected on ultrasound, and twin pregnancies or IVF conceptions. Some women had opted for fetal echo electively and they were defined as self referral. RESULTS: The mean gestational age of referral was 24 ± 5 weeks. Out of these, 196 had specific referral indication while five were self referrals. The most common indication for referral was echogenic cardiac foci. CHD was diagnosed in 38 (19 %) patients. Indication that yielded the highest number of CHD cases was cardiac abnormality on USG. The mean gestational age at referral in those detected to have CHD was 27 ± 4 weeks. The commonest CHD detected was tiny VSD, while most of the complex CHD's were diagnosed in those referred for cardiac abnormality on USG. CONCLUSION: CHD detection is highest in those referred for abnormal cardiac imaging on USG, and hence a careful assessment of fetal heart during routine prenatal screening would increase the CHD detection markedly. Nuchal translucency needs to be measured accurately and those with value greater that 99th centile should be referred for FE. Mothers with pre-gestational diabetes should have a FE prior to 20 weeks to rule out CHD. A FE scan in third trimester is indicated in diabetic females (gestational and pre-gestational) if the glycemic control is poor evidenced by HbA1c > 6 %. Timely referral is absolutely essential so that appropriate counseling of the parents can be done.
Pharmacotherapy and pregnancy: highlights from the Third International Conference for Individualized Pharmacotherapy in Pregnancy.; To address provider struggles to provide evidence-based, rational drug therapy to pregnant women, this third Conference was convened to highlight the current progress and research in the field. Speakers from academic centers, industry, and governmental institutions spoke about: the Food and Drug Administration's role in pregnancy pharmacology and the new labeling initiative; drug registries in pregnancy; the pharmacist's role in medication use in pregnancy; therapeutic areas such as preterm labor, gestational diabetes, nausea and vomiting in pregnancy, and hypertension; breast-feeding and medications; ethical challenges for consent in pregnancy drug studies; the potential for cord blood banks; and concerns about the fetus when studying drugs in pregnancy. The Conference highlighted several areas of collaboration within the current Obstetrics Pharmacology Research Units Network and hoped to educate providers, researchers, and agencies with the common goal to improve the ability to safely and effectively use individualized pharmacotherapy in pregnancy.
Peripartum heart failure in Finland: A population-based record linkage study.; AIMS: Heart failure in late pregnancy and the postpartum period (HFPP) is a rare but potentially life-threatening condition, with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) being the most common subtype. This study aims to comprehensively investigate the prevalence of HFPP in the Finnish population and identify the underlying risk factors associated with its occurrence. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis using data from the Finnish Medical Birth Register and the Finnish Care Register for Health Care, covering 1996 to 2021. The dataset comprised 1 387 457 deliveries. HFPP cases were identified based on specific ICD-10 codes. To ensure the accuracy of our findings, we excluded cases with pre-existing cardiomyopathies and other significant cardiac diseases diagnosed before pregnancy. We employed logistic regression models to evaluate the associations between maternal factors and the incidence of HFPP. RESULTS: We identified 159 cases of HFPP, resulting in an incidence rate of 11.5 per 100 000 deliveries. This incidence is comparable with rates reported in other Scandinavian countries and lower than those observed in Germany. Consistent with findings from European cohorts, our study confirmed that pregnancy-associated hypertensive disorders, particularly preeclampsia, as well as complications such as preterm delivery, twin pregnancy and elective caesarean section, are substantial risk factors for HFPP. These results support previous research linking angiogenic imbalance to the pathogenesis of PPCM. Significant risk factors for HFPP included maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index ≥35 [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.04, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.28-3.25, P = 0.003], history of maternal hypertensive disorder (aOR 2.44, 95% CI 1.22-4.88, P = 0.012), gestational hypertension without significant proteinuria (aOR 2.14, 95% CI 1.27-3.61, P = 0.004), preeclampsia (aOR 2.43, 95% CI 1.39-4.23, P = 0.002), type 1 or type 2 diabetes (aOR 3.27, 95% CI 1.66-6.45, P < 0.001) and twin pregnancy (aOR 2.74, 95% CI 1.37-5.49, P = 0.005). Additionally, extensive prepartum [odds ratio (OR) 2.86, 95% CI 1.18-6.98, P = 0.018] and postpartum blood loss (OR 2.50, 95% CI 1.44-5.02, P = 0.001) and maternal mental disorders (OR 7.39, 95% CI 4.10-13.31, P < 0.001) were significantly more common among HFPP patients. CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of HFPP among women in Finland from 1996 to 2021 was low. HFPP exhibited a strong association with several risk factors, including preeclampsia, obesity, preterm delivery, twin pregnancy, elective caesarean section, multifoetal births, type 1 and type 2 diabetes, significant prepartum and postpartum blood loss and maternal mental health disorders. These findings underscore the importance of targeted interventions and careful monitoring in high-risk groups to mitigate the impact of HFPP on maternal health.
Periodontal disease and systemic conditions: a bidirectional relationship.; For decades, physicians and dentists have paid close attention to their own respective fields, specializing in medicine pertaining to the body and the oral cavity, respectively. However, recent findings have strongly suggested that oral health may be indicative of systemic health. Currently, this gap between allopathic medicine and dental medicine is quickly closing, due to significant findings supporting the association between periodontal disease and systemic conditions such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and osteoporosis. Significant effort has brought numerous advances in revealing the etiological and pathological links between this chronic inflammatory dental disease and these other conditions. Therefore, there is reason to hope that the strong evidence from these studies may guide researchers towards greatly improved treatment of periodontal infection that would also ameliorate these systemic illnesses. Hence, researchers must continue not only to uncover more information about the correlations between periodontal and systemic diseases but also to focus on positive associations that may result from treating periodontal disease as a means of ameliorating systemic diseases.
Early growth retardation induced by excessive exposure to glucocorticoids in utero selectively increases cardiac GLUT1 protein expression and Akt/protein kinase B activity in adulthood.; In the rat, dexamethasone treatment during late pregnancy leads to intrauterine growth retardation and is used as a model of early programming of adult onset disease. The present study investigated whether pre-natal dexamethasone treatment modifies cardiac glucose transporter (GLUT) protein expression in adulthood and identified signalling pathways involved in the response. Dexamethasone (100 microg/kg body wt per day) administered via an osmotic pump to pregnant rats (day 15 to day 21; term=22 to 23 days) reduced fetal weight at day 21 and caused hypertension, hyperinsulinaemia and elevated corticosterone levels in the adult (24-week-old) male offspring. Cardiac GLUT1 protein expression was selectively up-regulated (2.5-fold; P<0.001), in the absence of altered cardiac GLUT4 protein expression, in adult male offspring of dexamethasone-treated dams. Maternal dexamethasone treatment did not influence cardiac GLUT1 protein expression during fetal or early post-natal life. We examined potential regulatory signalling proteins that might mediate up-regulation of cardiac GLUT1 protein expression in adulthood. We observed marked (2.2-fold; P<0.01) activation of Akt/protein kinase B (PKB), together with modest activation of the anti-apoptotic protein kinase C (PKC) isoforms PKC alpha (88%, P<0.05) and PKC epsilon (56%, P<0.05) in hearts of the early-growth-retarded male offspring. These effects were, however, observed in conjunction with up-regulation of cardiac protein expression of PKC beta(1) (191%, P<0.01), PKC beta(2) (49%, P<0.05) and PKC delta (35%; P<0.01), effects that may have adverse consequences. Maternal dexamethasone treatment was without effect on cardiac extracellular signal-related kinase (ERK) 1 or ERK2 activity in adulthood. In conclusion, our data demonstrate an effect of maternal dexamethasone treatment to up-regulate cardiac GLUT1 protein expression in early-growth-retarded, hypertensive, hyperinsulinaemic adult male offspring, an effect observed in conjunction with activation of Akt/PKB.
Are periodontal diseases risk factors for certain systemic disorders--what matters to medical practitioners?; OBJECTIVE: To review recent data on the nature and pathobiology of periodontal infections and to elaborate how periodontal infections might increase susceptibility to some important systemic diseases and conditions. DATA SOURCES: Medline literature search and websites of the American Academy of Periodontology and American Medical Association. STUDY SELECTION: Literature and data on periodontal diseases and their links to systemic diseases. DATA EXTRACTION: Review of relevant information and data. DATA SYNTHESIS: Periodontal diseases, including gingivitis and periodontitis, are among the most common infections of humans. They are induced by bacteria and bacterial products of dental plaque and are characterised by inflammatory destruction of tooth-supporting connective tissues and alveolar bone. A growing body of scientific evidence has shown that severe periodontitis may enhance susceptibility to certain important systemic diseases and conditions, for example, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and pulmonary infections. The clinical implications of the emerging specialty of periodontal medicine for dental and medical practitioners are postulated. CONCLUSIONS: Periodontal diseases may be risk factors for cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and pulmonary infections. Dental and medical practitioners should be aware of the clinical implications of these inter-relationships and treat affected patients in collaboration for better oral and general health.
Congenital diabetes mellitus.; Congenital diabetes mellitus is a rare disorder characterized by hyperglycemia that occurs shortly after birth. We define "Diabetes of Infancy" if hyperglycemia onset before 6 months of life. From the clinical point of view, we distinguish two main types of diabetes of infancy: transient (TNDM), which remits spontaneously, and permanent (PNDM), which requires lifelong treatment. TNDM may relapse later in life. About 50% of cases are transient (TNDM) and 50% permanent. Clinical manifestations include severe intrauterine growth retardation, hyperglycemia and dehydration. A wide range of different associated clinical signs including facial dysmorphism, deafness and neurological, cardiac, kidney or urinary tract anomalies are reported. Developmental delay and learning difficulties may also be observed. In this paper we review all the causes of congenital diabetes and all genes and syndromes involved in this pathology. The discovery of the pathogenesis of most forms of congenital diabetes has made it possible to adapt the therapy to the diagnosis and in the forms of alteration of the potassium channels of the pancreatic Beta cells the switch from insulin to glibenclamide per os has greatly improved the quality of life. Congenital diabetes, although it is a very rare form, has been at the must of research in recent years especially for pathogenesis and pharmacogenetics. The most striking difference compared to the more frequent autoimmune diabetes in children (type 1 diabetes) is the possibility of treatment with hypoglycemic agents and the apparent lower frequency of chronic complications.
Intrauterine programming of nephron number: the fetal flaw revisited.; A broad range of epidemiological evidence supports the hypothesis that risk of essential hypertension, coronary heart disease and non-insulin dependent diabetes is, in part, determined before birth. This phenomenon, termed programming, is now the subject of intensive investigation in order to determine possible underlying mechanisms. It is widely accepted that maternal nutritional status in pregnancy is a major programming influence upon the fetus. This review considers the hypothesis that nephron number in humans is determined by prenatal nutrition. An increasing number of human studies indicate that the developing kidney is particularly vulnerable to the adverse effects of fetal growth retarding influences. In animals, growth retarding diets or other insults which have an impact upon the development of cardiovascular functions, also appear to impact upon nephron number. However, it is possible that hypertension and reduced renal reserve merely coincide and are not causally associated.
Placental secretome characterization identifies candidates for pregnancy complications.; Alterations in maternal physiological adaptation during pregnancy lead to complications, including abnormal birthweight and gestational diabetes. Maternal adaptations are driven by placental hormones, although the full identity of these is lacking. This study unbiasedly characterized the secretory output of mouse placental endocrine cells and examined whether these data could identify placental hormones important for determining pregnancy outcome in humans. Secretome and cell peptidome analyses were performed on cultured primary trophoblast and fluorescence-activated sorted endocrine trophoblasts from mice and a placental secretome map was generated. Proteins secreted from the placenta were detectable in the circulation of mice and showed a higher relative abundance in pregnancy. Bioinformatic analyses showed that placental secretome proteins are involved in metabolic, immune and growth modulation, are largely expressed by human placenta and several are dysregulated in pregnancy complications. Moreover, proof-of-concept studies found that secreted placental proteins (sFLT1/MIF and ANGPT2/MIF ratios) were increased in women prior to diagnosis of gestational diabetes. Thus, placental secretome analysis could lead to the identification of new placental biomarkers of pregnancy complications.
Adolescent Pregnancy Guidelines.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the needs and evidence-based practice specific to care of the pregnant adolescent in Canada, including special populations. OUTCOMES: Healthy pregnancies for adolescent women in Canada, with culturally sensitive and age-appropriate care to ensure the best possible outcomes for these young women and their infants and young families, and to reduce repeat pregnancy rates. EVIDENCE: Published literature was retrieved through searches of PubMed and The Cochrane Library on May 23, 2012 using appropriate controlled vocabulary (e.g., Pregnancy in Adolescence) and key words (e.g., pregnancy, teen, youth). Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized control trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. Results were limited to English or French language materials published in or after 1990. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to July 6, 2013. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology-related agencies, national and international medical specialty societies, and clinical practice guideline collections. VALUES: The quality of evidence in this document was rated using the criteria described in the Report of the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care (Table 1). BENEFITS/HARMS/COSTS: These guidelines are designed to help practitioners caring for adolescent women during pregnancy in Canada and allow them to take the best care of these young women in a manner appropriate for their age, cultural backgrounds, and risk profiles. RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Health care providers should adapt their prenatal care for adolescents and offer multidisciplinary care that is easily accessible to the adolescent early in the pregnancy, recognizing that adolescents often present to care later than their adult counterparts. A model that provides an opportunity to address all of these needs at one site may be the preferred model of care for pregnant adolescents. (II-1A) 2. Health care providers should be sensitive to the unique developmental needs of adolescents through all stages of pregnancy and during intrapartum and postpartum care. (III-B) 3. Adolescents have high-risk pregnancies and should be managed accordingly within programs that have the capacity to manage their care. The unique physical risks of adolescent pregnancy should be recognized and the care provided must address these. (II-1A) 4. Fathers and partners should be included as much as possible in pregnancy care and prenatal/infant care education. (III-B) 5. A first-trimester ultrasound is recommended not only for the usual reasons for properly dating the pregnancy, but also for assessing the increased risks of preterm birth. (I-A) 6. Counselling about all available pregnancy outcome options (abortion, adoption, and parenting) should be provided to any adolescent with a confirmed intrauterine gestation. (III-A) 7. Testing for sexually transmitted infections (STI) (II-2A) and bacterial vaginosis (III-B) should be performed routinely upon presentation for pregnancy care and again in the third trimester; STI testing should also be performed postpartum and when needed symptomatically. a. Because pregnant adolescents are inherently at increased risk for preterm labour, preterm birth, and preterm pre-labour rupture of membranes, screening and management of bacterial vaginosis is recommended. (III-B) b. After treatment for a positive test, a test of cure is needed 3 to 4 weeks after completion of treatment. Refer partner for screening and treatment. Take the opportunity to discuss condom use. (III-A) 8. Routine and repeated screening for alcohol use, substance abuse, and violence in pregnancy is recommended because of their increased rates in this population. (II-2A) 9. Routine and repeated screening for and treatment of mood disorders in pregnancy is recommended because of their increased rates in this population. The Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale administered in each trimester and postpartum, and more frequently if deemed necessary, is one option for such screening. (II-2A) 10. Pregnant adolescents should have a nutritional assessment, vitamins and food supplementation if needed, and access to a strategy to reduce anemia and low birth weight and to optimize weight gain in pregnancy. (II-2A) 11. Conflicting evidence supports and refutes differences in gestational hypertension in the adolescent population; therefore, the care usual for adult populations is supported for pregnant adolescents at this time. (II-2A) 12. Practitioners should consult gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) guidelines. In theory, testing all patients is appropriate, although rates of GDM are generally lower in adolescent populations. Practitioners should be aware, however, that certain ethnic groups including Aboriginal populations are at high risk of GDM. (II-2A) 13. An ultrasound anatomical assessment at 16 to 20 weeks is recommended because of increased rates of congenital anomalies in this population. (II-2A) 14. As in other populations at risk of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and low birth weight, an ultrasound to assess fetal well-being and estimated fetal weight at 32 to 34 weeks gestational age is suggested to screen for IUGR. (III-A) 15. Visits in the second or third trimester should be more frequent to address the increased risk of preterm labour and preterm birth and to assess fetal well-being. All caregivers should be aware of the signs and symptoms of preterm labour and should educate their patients to recognize them. (III-A) 16. It should be recognized that adolescents have improved vaginal delivery rates and a concomitantly lower Caesarean section rate than their adult counterparts. (II-2A) As with antenatal care, peripartum care in hospital should be multidisciplinary, involving social care, support for breastfeeding and lactation, and the involvement of children's aid services when warranted. (III-B) 17. Postpartum care should include a focus on contraceptive methods, especially long-acting reversible contraception methods, as a means to decrease the high rates of repeat pregnancy in this population; discussion of contraception should begin before delivery. (III-A) 18. Breastfeeding should be recommended and sufficient support given to this population at high risk for discontinuation. (II-2A) 19. Postpartum care programs should be available to support adolescent parents and their children, to improve the mothers' knowledge of parenting, to increase breastfeeding rates, to screen for and manage postpartum depression, to increase birth intervals, and to decrease repeated unintended pregnancy rates. (III-B) 20. Adolescent women in rural, remote, northern, and Aboriginal communities should be supported to give birth as close to home as possible. (II-2A) 21. Adolescent pregnant women who need to be evacuated from a remote community should be able to have a family member or other person accompany them to provide support and encouragement. (II-2A) 22. Culturally safe prenatal care including emotional, educational, and clinical support to assist adolescent parents in leading healthier lives should be available, especially in northern and Aboriginal communities. (II-3A) 23. Cultural beliefs around miscarriage and pregnancy issues, and special considerations in the handling of fetal remains, placental tissue, and the umbilical cord, must be respected. (III).
The interplay between birth weight and obesity in determining childhood and adolescent cardiometabolic risk.; BACKGROUND: Birth weight (BW) is associated with risk of cardiometabolic disease (CMD) in adulthood, which may depend on the state of obesity, in particular if developed at a young age. We hypothesised that BW and a polygenic score (PGS) for BW were associated with cardiometabolic risk and related plasma protein levels in children and adolescents. We aimed to determine the modifying effect of childhood obesity on these associations. METHODS: We used data from The cross-sectional HOLBAEK Study with 4263 participants (median [IQR] age, 11.7 [9.2, 14.3] years; 57.1% girls and 42.9% boys; 48.6% from an obesity clinic and 51.4% from a population-based group). We gathered information on BW and gestational age, anthropometrics, cardiometabolic risk factors, calculated a PGS for BW, and measured plasma proteins using Olink Inflammation and Cardiovascular II panels. We employed multiple linear regression to examine the associations with BW as a continuous variable and performed interaction analyses to assess the effect of childhood obesity on cardiometabolic risk and plasma protein levels. FINDINGS: BW and a PGS for BW associated with cardiometabolic risk and plasma protein levels in childhood and adolescence. Childhood obesity modified the associations between BW and measures of insulin resistance, including HOMA-IR (βadj [95% CI per SD] for obesity: -0.12 [-0.15, -0.08]; normal weight: -0.04 [-0.08, 0.00]; Pinteraction = 0.004), c-peptide (obesity: -0.11 [-0.14, -0.08]; normal weight: -0.02 [-0.06, 0.02]; Pinteraction = 5.05E-04), and SBP SDS (obesity: -0.12 [-0.16, -0.08]; normal weight: -0.06 [-0.11, -0.01]; Pinteraction = 0.0479). Childhood obesity also modified the associations between BW and plasma levels of 14 proteins (e.g., IL15RA, MCP1, and XCL1; Pinteraction < 0.05). INTERPRETATION: We identified associations between lower BW and adverse metabolic phenotypes, particularly insulin resistance, blood pressure, and altered plasma protein levels, which were more pronounced in children with obesity. Developing effective prevention and treatment strategies for this group is needed to reduce the risk of future CMD. FUNDING: Novo Nordisk Foundation (NNF15OC0016544, NNF0064142 to T.H., NNF15OC0016692 to T.H. and A.K., NNF18CC0033668 to S.E.S, NNF18SA0034956 to C.E.F., NNF20SA0067242 to DCA, NNF18CC0034900 to NNF CBMR), The Innovation Fund Denmark (0603-00484B to T.H.), The Danish Cardiovascular Academy (DCA) and the Danish Heart Foundation (HF) (PhD2021007-DCA to P.K.R, 18-R125-A8447-22088 (HF) and 21-R149-A10071-22193 (HF) to M.A.V.L., PhD2023009-HF to L.A.H), EU Horizon (668031, 847989, 825694, 964590 to A.K.), Innovative Health Initiative (101132901 for A.K.), A.P. Møller Foundation (19-L-0366 to T.H.), The Danish National Research Foundation, Steno Diabetes Center Sjælland, and The Region Zealand and Southern Denmark Health Scientific Research Foundation.
Health profile of young adults born preterm: negative effects of rapid weight gain in early life.; INTRODUCTION: Early postnatal weight gain is associated with determinants of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) in adults born term. We aimed to investigate the association of weight gain during different periods, and weight trajectories in early life after preterm birth, with determinants of CVD and DM2 in early adulthood. METHODS: Associations of first-year growth and tempo of weight gain with determinants of CVD and DM2 in 162 young adults (18-24 yr) born preterm (gestational age <36 wk) were determined and compared with data of young adults born term (n = 217). RESULTS: Gain in weight for length in the period from preterm birth up to term age, and in the first 3 months after term age, was positively associated with body fat percentage and waist circumference at 21 yr. Gain in weight for length in the first 3 months after term age was also positively associated with total cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels in early adulthood. Subjects with the highest gain in weight from birth to term age (highest quartile) had significantly higher body fat percentage, waist circumference, acute insulin response, and disposition index in early adulthood than the subgroups with moderate and low gain in weight. Rapid catch-up in weight during the first 3 months after term age resulted in a higher fat percentage, waist circumference, and serum triglycerides level than slower catch-up in weight. CONCLUSION: Accelerated neonatal gain in weight relative to length after preterm birth (immediately after birth and during the first 3 months after term age) is associated with determinants of CVD in early adulthood and should therefore be avoided.
Gene polymorphisms, size at birth, and the development of hypertension and type 2 diabetes.; Nonoptimal fetal growth, leading to a small-for-gestational-age body size at birth, is commonly followed by compensatory growth after birth. This pattern of growth is associated with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes, especially when the compensatory phase begins around 3 to 4 years of age. Genetic factors are of major importance for the development of type 2 diabetes, but despite extensive research, the identification of the underlying genes has not been particularly fruitful. This article focuses on interactions between intrauterine growth and genes in relation to adult health outcomes based on findings from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study. We have shown that the effects of the Pro12Pro and Pro12Ala polymorphisms of the PPAR-gamma 2 gene depended on the body size at birth. Those individuals who had a small body size at birth and were carriers of the Ala allele seemed to be protected against insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in later life. These findings reflect gene-early environment interactions and can be attributed to the phenomenon of developmental plasticity.
The effect of weight management interventions that include a diet component on weight-related outcomes in pregnant and postpartum women: a systematic review protocol.; REVIEW QUESTION/OBJECTIVE: What are the effects of weight management interventions that include a diet component on weight-related outcomes in pregnant and postpartum women?The primary objective of this systematic review is to evaluate the effectiveness of weight management interventions which include a diet component and are aimed at limiting gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention in women.The second objective of this systematic review is to investigate included intervention components with respect to effect on weight-related outcomes. This may include, but is not limited to: length of intervention, use of face-to-face counselling, group or individual consultations, use of other interventions components including exercise, use of goals and use of support tools like food diaries, coaching, including email or text message support. BACKGROUND: Around half of all women of reproductive age are either overweight or obese, with women aged 25-34 years having a greater risk of substantial weight gain compared with men of all ages. Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and postpartum weight retention (PPWR) may play a significant role in long term obesity. Having one child doubles the five- and 10-year obesity incidence for women, with many women who gain excessive weight during pregnancy remaining obese permanently. Excessive GWG and/or PPWR can also significantly contribute to short- and long-term adverse health outcomes for mother, baby and future pregnancies.Maternal obesity increases the risk of pregnancy related complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, stillbirth and the rate of caesarean section. Childhood obesity is a further long term complication of maternal obesity for offspring, which may persist in to adulthood. Excess GWG is also a risk factor for PPWR both in the short and long-term. Nehring et al. conducted a meta-analysis with over 65,000 women showing that, compared to women who gained weight within recommendations during pregnancy, women with GWG above Institute of Medicine weight gain recommendations, retained an additional 3.1 kg and 4.7kg after three and greater than or equal to 15 years postpartum, respectively. The health risk associated with PPWR is highlighted in a study of 151,025 Swedish women followed between 1992 and 2001.The study identified the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for those who gained three or more units of Body Mass Index (kg/m2) between consecutive pregnancies (an average of two years) was much higher compared with women whose BMI changed from -1.0 and 0.9 units. Long-term chronic disease risk may also be affected by PPWR as weight retention at the end of the first year post-partum has been found to be a predictor of maternal overweight 15 years later.With around 14-20% of women retaining 5kg or more 12 months postpartum, the risk of developing conditions like diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease may be increased. It becomes evident that interventions which aim to support attainment of healthy weight both in the antenatal and postpartum periods are key health priorities for women during this life stage.Lifestyle factors of overweight, having poor diet quality, and not undertaking enough moderate-to-vigorous physical activity are amongst the top five predictors of mortality in women. Additionally it is noted that, for many women, pregnancy and the postpartum period are associated with a reduction in physical activity. It is known that a combination of poor dietary choices, an increase in sedentary time and reduction in physical activity are all contributors to the development of overweight and obesity. With this in mind, current research has focused on lifestyle interventions to limit GWG and PPWR. Thangaratinam et al. reviewed 44 randomized controlled trials (7278 women) where interventions including diet, physical activity or both were evaluated for their influence on maternal weight during pregnancy. Results indicate that all were significantly effective in reducing GWG compared with the control group. More specifically, dietary interventions were the most effective in reducing weight gain, with a mean weight loss of -3.84kg compared with -0.72kg and -1.06kg for physical activity and the mixed (diet plus physical activity) approach, respectively. This finding is supported by Hill and colleagues' recent systematic review of theory based interventions to limit GWG. Included studies in this review reported an underpinning theory base and were classified as adopting a dietary, physical activity or mixed approach. Hill et al. concluded that studies which included a diet intervention were significantly more effective at limiting GWG.In 2011 Tanentsapf et al. reviewed the effect of dietary interventions alone for reducing GWG in normal weight, overweight and obese pregnant women. This review analysed 13 randomized controlled trials and quasi-randomized controlled trials with a dietary intervention to prevent excessive GWG in women. The review concluded that dietary interventions during pregnancy were effective in reducing GWG with an effect of -1.92kg (n=1434) compared with the control group.Tanentsapf et al. identified that trials differed in the conduct of the interventions with various diet and non-diet related components utilised. Dietary approaches were highly variable with some trials focusing only on calorie restriction and others included additional target macronutrient distribution for intake. Some trials further provided feedback based on maternal weight gain guidelines. Interventions also varied in delivery method with a variety of modes used, including face-to-face, individual or group consultations and/or written correspondence. The frequency of communication, despite the type or mix, also changed from trial to trial with additional methods via telephone, posted materials, feedback or food diaries utilised. The inclusion of physical activity in addition to diet intervention was also common. Whilst the recent review by Tanentsapf et al. identified that dietary interventions are effective in reducing GWG, the review did not investigate the impact that different intervention components, delivery methods or dietary counselling approaches had on gestational weight management. It remains unclear as to which intervention components optimize GWG in women.The impact of lifestyle interventions has also been investigated in the postpartum period. The recent systematic review from van der Pligt et al. reported seven of 11 studies reviewed were successful in limiting PPWR. As with studies aimed at limiting GWG, interventions included in van der Pligt et al.'s review differed greatly in their conduct. Six of these seven studies included both dietary and physical activity components for the intervention, with the final successful study including a diet only intervention. Five of the successful studies recruited overweight or obese women only. Intervention time varied considerably in successful studies with some running for as little at ten days, and others up to six months.Bertz et al. demonstrated that their 12-week behavior modification intervention which targeted diet alone or diet and exercise, including two individual sessions with a dietitian and physical therapist, provision of scales for weight self-monitoring and bi-weekly text messages was successful in achieving significant weight loss following the intervention, and sustained at one year. The diet intervention and the diet and exercise intervention yielded significant weight loss compared to the control. Following 12 weeks a reduction of -8.3 +/- 4.2kg for diet intervention and -6.9 +/- 3.0kg for diet and exercise was observed. Additionally after one year, the diet intervention showed -10.2 +/- 5.7kg reduction and -7.3 +/- 6.3kg for the diet and exercise intervention (p<0.001). Colleran et al. also found significant weight change results by implementing a 16-week intervention which consisted of weekly individual sessions with a dietitian regarding calorie restriction, two additional home visits regarding exercise, weekly food diary completion and email support. The intervention group had greater weight loss compared to the control group (-5.8kg +/- 3.5kg vs -1.6kg +/- 5.4kg). It can be seen that various methods have been utilized in investigating the impact of diet and physical activity interventions on PPWR. The review by van der Pligt et al. highlights the impact successful lifestyle interventions can have on postpartum weight change. However, this review did not investigate the different intervention strategies utilized. It remains unclear as to the optimal setting, delivery method, diet strategy, contact frequency or intervention length to limit PPWR.Previous systematic reviews for both GWG and PPWR have focused on the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions as a whole for weight management in pregnant and postpartum women. And despite Tanentsapf et al.'s focus on dietary interventions for GWG, much is still unknown about the effectiveness of differing diet interventions over the antenatal and postpartum period. Specifically, the impact of differing diet intervention strategies on maternal weight gain is not known. Firstly, this systematic review will focus on whether weight management interventions which include a dietary component are effective in pregnant and postpartum women. In addition to this, this review will investigate the different intervention strategies utilized and their effectiveness in maternal weight management. A search of systematic review protocol databases has shown that there is no current review underway for this topic.
The predictive value of the uterine artery pulsatility index during the early third trimester for the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes depending on the maternal obesity.; PURPOSE: To identify the correlation between the pre-gravid maternal obesity and the uterine artery pulsatility index (UtA-PI) at 28-34 weeks' gestation, and to evaluate the predictive value of the UtA-PI for the occurrence of adverse outcomes depending on the maternal obesity. METHODS: Between January 2010 and December 2011, 229 pregnant women were prospectively observed and analyzed. The UtA-PI during 28-34 weeks' gestation was estimated, with abnormal UtA-PI defined if the value was above the 95th centile for gestational age. The patients were classified, using a cut-off value for body mass index (BMI) of 25kg/m(2), into obese (pre-gravid BMI≥25kg/m(2)) and non-obese (pre-gravid BMI<25kg/m(2)) groups. We analyzed the association between the pre-gravid BMI and occurrence of abnormal UtA-PI and estimated their contributions to adverse outcomes using regression analyses. RESULTS: The occurrence of abnormal UtA-PI in the women with pre-gravid BMI over 25kg/m(2) was significantly higher than those with normal pre-gravid BMI (OR: 2.49; 95% CI: 1.22-5.12). In multivariate analyses, the combination with abnormal UtA-PI and pre-gravid BMI over 25kg/m(2) contributed to the occurrence of preterm delivery (OR: 33.5; 95% CI: 7.63-147.21), gestational diabetes (OR: 3.98; 95% CI: 1.17-13.56) and pregnancy induced hypertension (OR: 12.71; 95% CI: 3.45-46.87), compared to the control group with pre-gravid BMI of 25kg/m(2) and less, and normal UtA-PI. CONCLUSION: Women with pre-gravid BMI over 25kg/m(2) show increased tendency of abnormal uterine artery pulsatility index during 28-34 weeks, which increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Family History of Hypertension, Cardiovascular Disease, or Diabetes and Risk of Developing Preeclampsia: A Systematic Review.; Preeclampsia is a severe pregnancy complication with high potential for adverse effects on maternal and fetal health during the perinatal period. It is also associated with an increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease later in life. Development of preeclampsia can be decreased by prescribing low-dose aspirin to high-risk women. At present, maternal and pregnancy factors are used to assess the risk of preeclampsia. One additional factor that could add to the assessment of risk is a family history of hypertension, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes, especially for nulliparous women who do not have a pregnancy history to inform treatment decisions. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review to assess the association between family history of the aforementioned conditions and preeclampsia. Four databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Library, and CINAHL/pre-CINAHL were searched for observational studies that examined a family history of hypertension, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes in women with preeclampsia and in a control population. Studies were evaluated for quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. A total of 84 relevant studies were identified. A meta-analysis was not conducted due to suspected heterogeneity in the included studies. Most studies reported a positive association between a family history of hypertension or cardiovascular disease and the development of preeclampsia. The majority of studies examining family history of diabetes reported non-significant associations. Overall, family history of hypertension or cardiovascular disease is associated with a higher risk for developing preeclampsia and should be considered when assessing women in the first trimester for low-dose aspirin.
Genes and Diet in the Prevention of Chronic Diseases in Future Generations.; Nutrition is a modifiable key factor that is able to interact with both the genome and epigenome to influence human health and fertility. In particular, specific genetic variants can influence the response to dietary components and nutrient requirements, and conversely, the diet itself is able to modulate gene expression. In this context and the era of precision medicine, nutrigenetic and nutrigenomic studies offer significant opportunities to improve the prevention of metabolic disturbances, such as Type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular diseases, even with transgenerational effects. The present review takes into account the interactions between diet, genes and human health, and provides an overview of the role of nutrigenetics, nutrigenomics and epigenetics in the prevention of non-communicable diseases. Moreover, we focus our attention on the mechanism of intergenerational or transgenerational transmission of the susceptibility to metabolic disturbances, and underline that the reversibility of epigenetic modifications through dietary intervention could counteract perturbations induced by lifestyle and environmental factors.
Cardiovascular risk profile at the age of 40-45 in women with previous hyperemesis gravidarum or hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: A population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess midlife cardiovascular risk profiles in women with a history of hyperemesis or hypertensive disorders in pregnancy compared to women with none of the studied pregnancy complications. STUDY DESIGN: Population-based study. Cardiovascular risk factors at the age of 40-45 among women with previous singleton births only were studied through linkage of the Norwegian Birth Registry and a Norwegian screening program (the Age 40 Program). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Family history of coronary heart disease, body mass index, smoking, physical activity, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, cholesterol, triglycerides, antihypertensive treatment and diabetes. RESULTS: Among 178,231 women participating in the Age 40 Program with previous singleton births; 2140 (1.2%) had experienced hyperemesis and 13,348 (7.5%) hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. Women who had suffered from hyperemesis were less physically active. The differences in mean systolic blood pressure and body mass index were probably clinically irrelevant. In women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and body mass index were higher, and they were more likely to report diabetes in midlife. Women who had suffered from hyperemesis or hypertensive disorders in pregnancy were less likely to be daily smokers. CONCLUSION: Women with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy seemed to have an unfavorable cardiovascular risk profile in midlife compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancies. In contrast there was no consistent evidence of increased risk subsequent to hyperemesis gravidarum. The proportion of daily smokers was lower in women with either of the two pregnancy complications.
Obesity impacts placental function through activation of p-IRE1a-XBP1s signaling.; Maternal obesity is associated with a variety of obstetrical outcomes including stillbirth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes, and increases the risk of fetuses for congenital heart defects. Obesity during pregnancy represents a major contribution to metabolic dysregulation, which not only plays a key role in the pathogenesis of adverse outcome but also can potently induce endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress. However, the mechanism associating such an obesogenic metabolic environment and adverse pregnancy outcomes has remained poorly understood. In this study, we aimed to determine whether the ER stress pathways (also named unfolded protein response (UPR)) were activated in the placenta by obesity. We collected placenta from the obese pregnancy (n = 12) and non-obese pregnancy (n = 12) following delivery by Caesarean-section at term. The specimens were assessed with immunocytochemistry staining and RT-QPCR. Our results revealed that in the obese placenta, p-IRE1α and XBP1s were significantly increased, CHOP and nine UPR chaperone genes were upregulated, including GRP95, PDIA6, Calnexin, p58IPK, SIL-1, EDEM, Herp, GRP58 and Calreticulin. However, Perk and BiP are not activated in the obese placenta. Our data suggest that upregulated p-IRE1α and XBP1s signaling, and UPR chaperone genes may play an important role in maternal obesity-induced placental pathology. In conclusion, this is the first report on ER stress and UPR activation in the placenta of maternal obesity. Our findings represent the first step in the understanding of one of the key ER signaling pathways, also referred to IRE1α-XBP1, in placental pathophysiology affected by obesity, which may be an important mechanism accounting for the observed higher maternal and perinatal risks.
Exposure to the natural alkaloid Berberine affects cardiovascular system morphogenesis and functionality during zebrafish development.; The plant-derived natural alkaloid berberine displays therapeutic potential to treat several pathological conditions, including dyslipidemias, diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. However, data on berberine effects during embryonic development are scarce and in part controversial. In this study, using zebrafish embryos as vertebrate experimental model, we address the effects of berberine treatment on cardiovascular system development and functionality. Starting from the observation that berberine induces developmental toxicity and pericardial edema in a time- and concentration-dependent manner, we found that treated embryos display cardiac looping defects and, at later stages, present an abnormal heart characterized by a stretched morphology and atrial endocardial/myocardial detachment. Furthermore, berberine affected cardiac functionality of the embryos, promoting bradycardia and reducing the cardiac output, the atrial shortening fraction percentage and the atrial stroke volume. We also found that, during development, berberine interferes with the angiogenic process, without altering vascular permeability. These alterations are associated with increased levels of vascular endothelial growth factor aa (vegfaa) mRNA, suggesting an important role for Vegfaa as mediator of berberine-induced cardiovascular defects. Altogether, these data indicate that berberine treatment during vertebrate development leads to an impairment of cardiovascular system morphogenesis and functionality, suggesting a note of caution in its use during pregnancy and lactation.
Placental Findings in Singleton Stillbirths: A Case-control Study.; AIMS: This prospective observational study compared placental lesions of stillbirth cases and live birth controls, and aimed to determine the cause of stillbirth. METHODS: The study enrolled 85 stillbirths and 85 live births at the time of delivery. RESULTS: There was significantly increased incidence of placental abruption (p = 0.005) and gestational diabetes (p = 0.032) in mothers with stillbirths. Histopathological examination of placenta was significantly abnormal in stillbirths compared with live births (p = 0.004). Delayed villous maturation was significantly more in stillbirths (38.82 vs. 16.47%; p = 0.002). Acute (30.59 vs. 16.47%; p = 0.04) and chronic diffuse villitis (16.47 vs. 4.7%; p = 0.02), chorionic plate acute vasculitis (28.235 vs. 14.11%; p = 0.04) were significantly more in stillbirths. Foetal vascular thrombi in the chorionic plate (30.58 vs. 14.12%; p = 0.02) and avascular villi (24.7 vs. 8.23%; p = 0.006) were significantly more in stillbirths. CONCLUSION: These abnormal placental patterns could provide information about the etiopathogenisis in stillbirths of unknown aetiology.
The Role of Placental Hormones in Mediating Maternal Adaptations to Support Pregnancy and Lactation.; During pregnancy, the mother must adapt her body systems to support nutrient and oxygen supply for growth of the baby in utero and during the subsequent lactation. These include changes in the cardiovascular, pulmonary, immune and metabolic systems of the mother. Failure to appropriately adjust maternal physiology to the pregnant state may result in pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes and abnormal birth weight, which can further lead to a range of medically significant complications for the mother and baby. The placenta, which forms the functional interface separating the maternal and fetal circulations, is important for mediating adaptations in maternal physiology. It secretes a plethora of hormones into the maternal circulation which modulate her physiology and transfers the oxygen and nutrients available to the fetus for growth. Among these placental hormones, the prolactin-growth hormone family, steroids and neuropeptides play critical roles in driving maternal physiological adaptations during pregnancy. This review examines the changes that occur in maternal physiology in response to pregnancy and the significance of placental hormone production in mediating such changes.
[Pharmacotherapeutic aspects of drug transporters in the placenta].; Drug treatment during pregnancy is often inevitable. The number of pregnant women in need of pharmacotherapy continues to grow, partly due to advanced diagnostic tests and partly due to advanced maternal age. Obviously, knowledge about the function of drug transporters in the placenta allows for a more accurate analysis of drug penetration (and other xenobiotics) through the placental barrier, and therefore safer pharmacotherapy. The paper provides information on the role of drug transporters in the pharmacotherapy of pregnancy-associated pathologies which require long-term treatment, e.g. cardiac arrhythmias, gestational diabetes, epilepsy, HIV infection, preeclampsia, and conditions which require the use of glucocorticoids.
Developmental origins of health and disease--global public health implications.; The rapidly rising prevalence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) represents a major challenge to public health and clinical medicine globally. NCDs are increasing rapidly in high-income countries, but even more rapidly in some low-middle-income countries with insufficient resources to meet the challenge. Whilst not identified in the Millennium Development Goals, there is much attention paid to NCDs in the discussions at many levels on the Sustainable Development Goals, as they underpin economic, social and environmental development in the post-2015 era. In this article, we discuss how a life-course approach to health, commencing of necessity in early development, can provide new opportunities for addressing this challenge. The approach can leverage human health capital throughout life and across generations. New insights into mechanisms, especially those processes by which the developmental environment affects epigenetic processes in the developing offspring, offer the prospect of identifying biomarkers of future risks. New interventions to promote health literacy, lifestyle and physical fitness in adolescents, young adults and their children hold great promise. In this respect, health-care professionals concerned with preconceptional, pregnancy and newborn care will have a vital role to play.
Reduced cardiovascular risks in women with endometriosis or polycystic ovary syndrome carrying a common functional IGF1R variant.; STUDY QUESTION: Is the increased future cardiovascular risk seen in women with endometriosis or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) mitigated by functional insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF1R) single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs2016347 as previously shown in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy? SUMMARY ANSWER: This cohort study found that women with endometriosis or PCOS who carry a T allele of IGF1R SNP rs2016347 had a reduced future risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated risk factors, with risk reduction dependent on cohort era. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Women with endometriosis or PCOS have been shown to have an increased future risk of CVD and associated risk factors with limited predictive ability. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This retrospective cohort study took place in the Nurses' Health Study 2 (NHS2), which enrolled 116 430 participants in 1989 who were followed through 2015. The study population was analyzed in its entirety, and subdivided into entry (pre-1989) and after entry (post-1989) exposure cohorts. All NHS2 participants were eligible for inclusion in the study, 9599 (8.2%) were excluded for missing covariates. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: The NHS2 enrolled female registered nurses from 14 different states who ranged in age from 25 to 42 years at study entry. Data were collected from entry and biennial questionnaires, and analysis conducted from November 2020 to June 2021. Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess risk of CVD, hypertension (HTN), hypercholesterolemia (HC) and type 2 diabetes, both with and without genotyping for rs2016347. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: While women without endometriosis or PCOS, as a whole, demonstrated no impact of genotype on risk in either cohort, women with endometriosis carrying a T allele had a lower risk of CVD (hazard ratio (HR), 0.48; 95% CI, 0.27-0.86, P = 0.02) and HTN (HR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.66-0.97, P = 0.03) in the pre-1989 cohort, while those in the post-1989 cohort had a decrease in risk for HC (HR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.62-0.94, P = 0.01). Women with PCOS in the post-1989 cohort showed a significant protective impact of the T allele on HTN (HR, 0.44; 95% CI, 0.27-0.73, P = 0.002) and HC (HR, 0.62; 95% CI, 0.40-0.95, P = 0.03). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Data on specific endometriosis lesion locations or disease stage, as well as on PCOS phenotypes were lacking. In addition, data on systemic medical treatments beyond the use of oral contraceptives were missing, and these treatments may have confounded the results. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: These findings implicate systemic dysregulation of the insulin-like growth factor-1 axis in the development of HTN, HC and clinical CVD in endometriosis and PCOS, suggesting a common underlying pathogenetic mechanism. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): The NHS2 infrastructure for questionnaire data collection was supported by National Institute of Health (NIH) grant U01CA176726. This work was also supported in part by NIH and National Cancer Institute grant U24CA210990; as well, research effort and publication costs were supported by the Elizabeth MA Stevens donor funds provided to the Buck Institute for Research on Aging. The authors declare they have no conflicts of interest. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Correlation between gestational weight gain and birth weight of the infants.; Birth weight is an important determinant of infant's well being as low birth weight is known to increase the risk adult onset of diseases like type-2 diabetes and ischemic heart disease. Maternal weight gain is one of the most important independent predictors of infant birth weight. Institute of Medicine of the National Academics, USA has recommended that total weight gain of mothers should be according to their prepregnancy body mass index (BMI). Therefore, this study was conducted to observe the total weight gained by the pregnant women and the correlation between the weights gained by them with the birth weight of their infants. 98 women who delivered full term single baby at Patan hospital were included after taking their verbal consent. The details of the newborn and the history of the pregnant women were taken from the hospital records. The information about the family income, dietary habit, birth spacing and the type of work done by the pregnant women was obtained from the women themselves. The mean weight gain of the mothers was 9.48 (SD = 3.41) kilograms and the mean birth weight of the infants was found to be 2965.66 (SD = 364.37) grams. Multiple Liner Regression Models showed the effect of Gestational weight gain (GWG), Age and Parity on birth weight of the infant. Step-wise multiple regressions gave rise to models that showed effect of GWG and age on birth weight of the infants. This study concluded that gestational weight gain has positive linear relationship (correlation) with the birth weight of infants.
Magnitude of change in fetal cerebroplacental ratio in third trimester and risk of adverse pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate whether the magnitude of change in the cerebroplacental ratio (CPR) after 30 weeks' gestation is a better predictor of adverse pregnancy outcome compared with a single CPR measurement at 35-37 weeks. A secondary aim was to evaluate whether the utility of CPR at 35-37 weeks was enhanced after adjusting for change in gestational age. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of women who had at least two ultrasound scans between 30 and 37 weeks' gestation, with the final scan at 35-37 weeks. Exclusion criteria were major congenital abnormality, aneuploidy, multiple pregnancy and unknown middle cerebral artery pulsatility index or umbilical artery pulsatility index. A normal reference range for CPR was derived from a separate cohort of women with normal outcome and a Generalised Additive Model for Location, Scale and Shape was fitted to derive standardized centiles. These reference centiles were then used to calculate Z-scores for the study cohort. Logistic regression models and receiver-operating characteristics (ROC) curves were used to evaluate the predictive utility of CPR Z-score at last CPR measurement and the change in CPR on mode of delivery, neonatal outcome and composite neonatal outcome. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for each model was compared before and after adjustment for parity, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index and smoking status. RESULTS: A total of 1860 women met the inclusion criteria. There was no association between the magnitude of change in CPR and composite adverse pregnancy outcome (P = 0.92). Of the outcomes that made up the composite, an increase in CPR Z-score over time was associated with a lower risk for emergency Cesarean delivery (P < 0.001) and emergency Cesarean delivery for non-reassuring fetal status (P = 0.02). It was also associated with a lower risk of birth weight < 10(th) centile (P = 0.01) and hypoglycemia (P = 0.001). There was no significant difference between the AUCs of last CPR Z-score and last CPR Z-score adjusted for the change in gestational age in predicting pregnancies at risk for adverse outcome. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that both the individual CPR Z-score and the magnitude and direction of change in CPR Z-score can identify pregnancies at risk of various adverse perinatal outcomes. However, the CPR Z-score at 35-37 weeks' gestation appears to be a better predictor. Copyright © 2016 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Gestational Hypertension and Human Breast Milk Composition in Correlation with the Assessment of Fetal Growth-A Pilot Study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: 1 in 10 pregnant women is diagnosed with gestational hypertension. Increasing evidence suggests that preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension may affect human breast milk's lactogenesis and percentage composition. We aimed to examine whether there is any significant influence of gestational hypertension on the composition of macronutrients in human breast milk and to assess its correlation with fetal growth. METHODS: A total of 72 breastfeeding women (34 diagnosed with gestational hypertension and 38 normotensive women during pregnancy) were recruited to the study at the Division of Neonatology, Medical University of Gdańsk, between June and December 2022. Milk samples were collected between the 3rd and 6th day of lactogenesis. Samples were analyzed using the Miris HMA™ Human Milk Analyzer (Upsala, Sweden), which evaluates the milk composition's energy, fat, carbohydrate and protein quantity. In addition, we assessed the children's anthropometric measurements (birth weight, body length and head circumference at birth). We used logistic regression to estimate the adjusted odds ratio and 95% confidence interval. RESULTS: The mean (±standard deviation) macronutrient composition per 10 mL of milk in the GH group was 2.5 g (±0.9) of fat, 1.7 g (±0.3) of true protein, 7.7 g (±0.3) of carbohydrates and 63.2 g (±8.1) of energy, in the normotensive women group 1.0 g (±0.9) of fat, 1.7 g (±0.3) of true protein, 7.3 g (±0.4) of carbohydrates and 57.9 g (±8.6) of energy content, respectively. The fat composition was higher in the PIH group by a mean of 0.6 g (p < 0.005). Gestational hypertension had a positive, significant correlation with birth weight (p < 0.013) and the mother's pre-pregnancy weight (p < 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, we found significant differences between milk composition in postpartum women with gestational hypertension compared to healthy, normotensive women. Human milk from women with gestational hypertension was found to contain a higher composition of fat, carbohydrates and energy in comparison to healthy women. Our aim is to further evaluate this correlation, as well as to assess the growth rate of newborns in order to determine the need for individualized formulas for women with pregnancy-induced hypertension, those with poor lactogenesis and those who cannot or choose not to breastfeed.
Utilization of an Electronic Health Record Integrated Risk Score to Predict Hospitalization Among COVID-19 Patients.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the performance of an Electronic Health Record (EHR) integrated risk score for COVID-19 positive outpatients to predict 30-day risk of hospitalization. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective observational study of 67 470 patients with COVID-19 confirmed by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) test between March 12, 2020 and February 8, 2021. Risk scores were calculated based on data in the chart at the time of the incident infection. RESULTS: The Mayo Clinic COVID-19 risk score consisted of 13 components included age, sex, chronic lung disease, congenital heart disease, congestive heart failure, coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, end stage liver disease, end stage renal disease, hypertension, immune compromised, nursing home resident, and pregnant. Univariate analysis showed all components, except pregnancy, have significant (P < .001) association with admission. The Mayo Clinic COVID-19 risk score showed a Receiver Operating Characteristic Area Under Curve (AUC) of 0.837 for the prediction of admission for this large cohort of COVID-19 positive patients. CONCLUSION: The Mayo Clinic COVID-19 risk score is a simple score that is easily integrated into the EHR with excellent predictive performance for severe COVID-19. It can be leveraged to stratify risk for severe COVID-19 at initial contact, when considering therapeutics or in the allocation of vaccine supply.
Assessing cardiovascular disease risk among young women with a history of delivering a low-birth-weight infant.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the prevalence and risk factors of cardiovascular disease (CVD) among younger women by pregnancy history. METHODS: Cross-sectional study using 1999 to 2006 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey including women aged 20 to 64 years who had delivered at least one infant (n = 4820). Women self-reported pregnancy history and a clinician diagnosed CVD; CVD risk factors included hypertension (mean systolic blood pressure [BP] ≥140 mm Hg or mean diastolic BP ≥90 mm Hg, or currently treated), high cholesterol (total cholesterol ≥240 mg/dL or currently treated), diabetes (self-report or hemoglobin A1c ≥6.5), and smoking (self-report or cotinine-verified). Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the association between pregnancy history and CVD. RESULTS: Of the women we studied, 4.6% had CVD; 3.1% had delivered a term low-birth-weight infant (TLBWI). Women with a history of TLBWI had an adjusted odds ratio (AOR) of 2.07 (95% confidence intervals [CI] 1.08 to 3.99) for CVD compared with women without a history of LBWI. Adjustment for hypertension and high cholesterol mildly attenuated the association (AOR 1.85, 95% CI 0.89 to 3.83). Among women without CVD (n = 4555), 23.1% with a history of TLBWI had two risk factors compared with 14.0% of those without a history of LBWI (p = 0.0016). CONCLUSION: Women with a history of TLBWI should be informed of a possible increased risk of CVD and encouraged to receive screenings as recommended.
Maternal nutrition in relation to fetal and placental growth.; Babies who are small or disproportionate at birth, or who have altered placental growth are now known to be at an increased risk of developing coronary heart disease, hypertension and diabetes during adult life. This has led to the suggestion that these diseases are 'programmed' by an inadequate supply of nutrients to the developing fetus. The phenomenon of 'programming', whereby undernutrition in early life permanently changes body structure and function, is well documented in animals. As yet, relatively little is known about the maternal influences that alter fetal and placental growth, and underlie the programming of adult cardiovascular disease during fetal development. There are, however, interesting indications that maternal nutrition may be important.
Diabetes in Youth.; Diabetes is the third most prevalent severe chronic disease of childhood and a leading cause of retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, and coronary and peripheral vascular disease later in life. Diabetes diagnosed in youth, defined as age <18 years, and young adults is not always easy to classify into one of the main etiologic “types”, i.e., type 1 or type 2. This is especially true since obesity, classically associated with type 2 diabetes, is now more common among youth with type 1 diabetes. Data suggest that youth with diabetes autoantibodies and obesity are metabolically similar to thin type 1 diabetic youth and do not have “type 1.5” or “double diabetes.” The prevalence of diabetes in U.S. youth in 2009 was 2.2 per 1,000 overall; the prevalence of type 1 diabetes was 1.93 per 1,000 and that of type 2 diabetes was 0.24 per 1,000. Non-Hispanic white youth had the highest prevalence of type 1 diabetes, followed by non-Hispanic black youth. Type 2 diabetes was found to occur in all racial/ethnic groups, but the proportion of type 1 to type 2 diabetes varied greatly by race/ethnicity, with type 2 diabetes representing only 5.5% of cases of diabetes in non-Hispanic white youth, but 80% of diabetes in American Indian youth. Between 2001 and 2009, a 31% increase in prevalence of type 2 diabetes and a 21% increase in prevalence of type 1 diabetes were observed. Risk factors for type 1 diabetes include genetics, especially the HLA region, and environmental factors, such as viruses and early life diet, though few nongenetic factors are well established. Type 2 diabetes risk factors include genetics, which explains only a small percentage of risk, intrauterine exposure to maternal obesity and diabetes, and high gestational weight gain, as well as postnatal obesity with rapid catch-up growth from low birth weight. Breastfeeding appears to reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes in youth. The major complications of youth-onset diabetes were once thought to develop only after achieving adult age. Newer data suggest that with sensitive techniques, diabetic retinopathy, neuropathy, and elevated urine albumin concentrations can be detected after 3–5 years of diabetes duration. In addition, increased arterial stiffness, reduced heart rate variability (as a sign of cardiac autonomic neuropathy), and carotid artery wall thickening can also be detected and are associated with higher levels of glycemia. These subclinical and clinical outcomes appear to be more common among youth with type 2 than type 1 diabetes at the same duration. Cardiovascular disease risk factors (e.g., lipids, blood pressure, inflammatory and oxidative stress markers) are also elevated after short durations, especially in youth with type 2 diabetes or those with poor glycemic control. Mortality among youth with diabetes is elevated compared to nondiabetic controls by 30%–200%. Those with type 1 diabetes diagnosed before age 20 years have a life expectancy that is 15–27 years shorter than that of nondiabetic persons, although substantial improvements in life expectancy have been noted among those diagnosed after 1965. No life expectancy studies are available among youth with type 2 diabetes. The earlier onset of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes results in a longer duration of diabetes at any adult age than in prior years. Thus, women with youth-onset diabetes are now more likely to have diabetes during their pregnancies, which results in increased offspring risk for both obesity and diabetes. In addition, complications development is duration dependent, so persons with youth-onset diabetes now face chronic kidney disease and dialysis, myocardial infarction, and stroke at younger ages than persons who develop diabetes as adults, resulting in greater life-years lost and higher health care costs. Since type 2 diabetes and many of the risk factors for complications in both types of diabetes cluster in youth who are economically disadvantaged, significant efforts to improve care will be required.
Predictive values of clinical data,molecular biomarkers, and echocardiographic measurements in preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to use molecular biomarkers and clinical data and echocardiograms that were collected during admission to predict bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) in preterm infants with gestational age ≤32 weeks. METHODS: Eighty-two patients (40 with BPD, BPD group and 42 healthy as controls, non-BPD group) admitted to the Department of Neonatology of the Children's Hospital of Soochow University between October 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020, were enrolled in this study at the tertiary hospital. Basic clinical data on the perinatal period, echocardiographic measurements, and molecular biomarkers (N-terminal-pro-B-brain natriuretic peptide, NT-proBNP) were collected. We used multiple logistic regression analysis to establish an early predictive model for detecting BPD development in preterm infants of gestational age ≤32 weeks. We also used a receiver operating characteristic curve to assess the sensitivity and speciﬁcity of the model. RESULTS: No significant differences were found between the BPD and non-BPD groups in terms of sex, birth weight, gestational age, incidence of asphyxia, maternal age, gravidity, parity, mode of delivery, premature rupture of membranes >18 h, use of prenatal hormones, placental abruption, gestational diabetes mellitus, amniotic fluid contamination, prenatal infections, and maternal diseases. The use of caffeine, albumin, gamma globulin; ventilation; days of FiO(2) ≥ 40%; oxygen inhalation time; red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg); and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group. The levels of hemoglobin, hematocrit, and albumin in the BPD group were significantly lower than those in the non-BPD group. The total calorie intake was significantly lower in the BPD group on the 3rd, 7th, and 14th day after birth than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The incidence rates of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), pulmonary hypertension, and tricuspid regurgitation were significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The serum level of NT-proBNP 24 h after birth was significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). Serum NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in infants with severe BPD than in those with mild or moderate BPD (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: As there were various risk factors for BPD, a combining clinical data, molecular biomarkers, and echocardiogram measurements can be valuable in predicting the BPD. The tricuspid regurgitation flow rate (m/s), NT-proBNP (pg/ml), ventilator-associated pneumonia, days of FiO(2) ≥ 40% (d), red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg), and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were the most practical factors considered for designing an appropriate model for predicting the risk of BPD.
Proteomic studies of VEGFR2 in human placentas reveal protein associations with preeclampsia, diabetes, gravidity, and labor.; VEGFR2 (Vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2) is a central regulator of placental angiogenesis. The study of the VEGFR2 proteome of chorionic villi at term revealed its partners MDMX (Double minute 4 protein) and PICALM (Phosphatidylinositol-binding clathrin assembly protein). Subsequently, the oxytocin receptor (OT-R) and vasopressin V1aR receptor were detected in MDMX and PICALM immunoprecipitations. Immunogold electron microscopy showed VEGFR2 on endothelial cell (EC) nuclei, mitochondria, and Hofbauer cells (HC), tissue-resident macrophages of the placenta. MDMX, PICALM, and V1aR were located on EC plasma membranes, nuclei, and HC nuclei. Unexpectedly, PICALM and OT-R were detected on EC projections into the fetal lumen and OT-R on 20-150 nm clusters therein, prompting the hypothesis that placental exosomes transport OT-R to the fetus and across the blood-brain barrier. Insights on gestational complications were gained by univariable and multivariable regression analyses associating preeclampsia with lower MDMX protein levels in membrane extracts of chorionic villi, and lower MDMX, PICALM, OT-R, and V1aR with spontaneous vaginal deliveries compared to cesarean deliveries before the onset of labor. We found select associations between higher MDMX, PICALM, OT-R protein levels and either gravidity, diabetes, BMI, maternal age, or neonatal weight, and correlations only between PICALM-OT-R (p < 2.7 × 10(-8)), PICALM-V1aR (p < 0.006), and OT-R-V1aR (p < 0.001). These results offer for exploration new partnerships in metabolic networks, tissue-resident immunity, and labor, notably for HC that predominantly express MDMX.
Long-term care of the liver transplant recipient.; As survival increases after liver transplantation, common issues that arise involve immunosuppression-related complications and primary health care. Proper emphasis on the prevention and treatment of post-liver transplant complications, such as diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, renal dysfunction, osteoporosis, and obesity, requires careful screening and long-term surveillance to minimize the progression of these complications. Active involvement by internists and subspecialists is necessary and a multidisciplinary approach should be undertaken. Liver transplantation should be viewed as a lifelong commitment by both patient and physician.
Assessment of uterine artery geometry and hemodynamics in human pregnancy with 4d flow mri and its correlation with doppler ultrasound.; BACKGROUND: Uterine artery (UtA) hemodynamics might be used to predict risk of hypertensive pregnancy disorders, including preeclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction. PURPOSE OR HYPOTHESIS: To determine the feasibility of 4D flow MRI in pregnant subjects by characterizing UtA anatomy, computing UtA flow, and comparing UtA velocity, and pulsatility and resistivity indices (PI, RI) with transabdominal Doppler ultrasound (US). STUDY TYPE: Prospective cross-sectional study from June 6, 2016, to May 2, 2018. POPULATION OR SUBJECTS OR PHANTOM OR SPECIMEN OR ANIMAL MODEL: Forty-one singleton pregnant subjects (age [range] = 27.0 ± 5.9 [18-41] years) in their second or third trimester. We additionally scanned three subjects who had prepregnancy diabetes or chronic hypertension. FIELD STRENGTH/SEQUENCE: The subjects underwent UtA and placenta MRI using noncontrast angiography and 4D flow at 1.5T. ASSESSMENT: UtA anatomy was described based on 4D flow-derived noncontrast angiography, while UtA flow properties were characterized by net flow, systolic/mean/diastolic velocity, PI and RI through examination of 4D flow data. PI and RI are standard hemodynamic parameters routinely reported on Doppler US. STATISTICAL TESTS: Spearman's rank correlation, Wilcoxon signed rank tests, and Bland-Altman plots were used to preliminarily investigate the relationships between flow parameters, gestational age, and Doppler US. or RESULTS: 4D flow MRI and UtA flow quantification was feasible in all subjects. There was considerable heterogeneity in UtA geometry in each subject between left and right UtAs and between subjects. Mean 4D flow-based parameters were: mean bilateral flow rate = 605.6 ± 220.5 mL/min, PI = 0.72 ± 0.2, and RI = 0.47 ± 0.1. Bilateral flow did not change with gestational age. We found that MRI differed from US in terms of lower PI (mean difference -0.1) and RI (mean difference < -0.1) with Wilcoxon signed rank test P = 0.05 and P = 0.13, respectively. DATA CONCLUSION: 4D flow MRI is a feasible approach for describing UtA anatomy and flow in pregnant subjects. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: Technical Efficacy: Stage 1 J. Magn. Reson. Imaging 2019;49:59-68.
Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and intrauterine growth restriction, related or independent conditions?; OBJECTIVE: Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and unexplained intrauterine growth restriction may have similar determinants and consequences. In this study, we compared determinants and perinatal outcomes associated with these obstetric conditions. STUDY DESIGN: We analyzed 39,615 pregnancies (data from the WHO Antenatal Care Trial), of which 2.2% were complicated by preeclampsia, 7.0% by gestational hypertension, and 8.1% by unexplained intrauterine growth restriction (ie, not associated with maternal smoking, maternal undernutrition, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or congenital malformations). We compared the risk factors associated with these groups. Fetal death, preterm delivery, and severe neonatal morbidity and mortality were the primary outcomes. Logistic regression analyses were adjusted for study site, socioeconomic status, and (if appropriate) birth weight and gestational age. RESULTS: Diabetes, renal or cardiac disease, previous preeclampsia, urinary tract infection, high maternal age, twin pregnancy, and obesity increased the risk of both hypertensive conditions. Previous large-for-age birth, reproductive tract surgery, antepartum hemorrhage and reproductive tract infection increased the risk for gestational hypertension only. Independent of maternal age, primiparity was a risk factor only for preeclampsia. Both preeclampsia and gestational hypertension were associated with increased risk for fetal death and severe neonatal morbidity and mortality. Mothers with preeclampsia compared with those with unexplained intrauterine growth restriction were more likely to have a history of diabetes, renal or cardiac disease, chronic hypertension, previous preeclampsia, body mass index more than 30 kg/cm2, urinary tract infection and extremes of maternal age. Conversely, unexplained intrauterine growth restriction was associated with higher risk of low birth weight in previous pregnancies, but not with previous preeclampsia. Both conditions increased the risk for perinatal outcomes independently but preeclampsia was associated with considerable higher risk. CONCLUSION: Preeclampsia and gestational hypertension shared many risk factors, although there are differences that need further evaluation. Both conditions significantly increased morbidity and mortality. Conversely, preeclampsia and unexplained intrauterine growth restriction, often assumed to be related to placental insufficiency, seem to be independent biologic entities.
Obstetric outcomes in 102 pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis.; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with particular pregnancy or delivery complications. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 102 consecutive pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis by polar body removal performed at Illinois Masonic Medical Center resulting in 114 live births were analyzed. All patients were given a delivery and newborn questionnaire, and attempts were made to contact and question them regarding any pregnancy complications and type of delivery. Permission was obtained to examine medical records and discuss the patient's pregnancy with her obstetrician when questions existed with respect to complications or indication for cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Delivery and newborn questionnaires were completed or telephone contact was achieved for 100 of the 102 pregnancies. There were 85 singleton, 9 twin, and 7 triplet pregnancies. Of the 7 triplet gestations, 3 couples elected multifetal pregnancy reduction to twins and healthy triplets were born to 4 couples between 32 and 36 weeks by cesarean delivery. Of the 80 singleton deliveries, 60 (75%) progressed to term. Of these 60 term singleton deliveries, 34 were vaginal, 23 were cesarean (40%), and 3 delivery types were unknown. The incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants was 3% for neonates in the 60 term singleton deliveries and 7% in the entire cohort of 80 singleton deliveries. Only 3 pregnancy complications (other than premature delivery) were reported more than once. There were 3 instances each of gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, and pregnancy-induced hypertension. There was 1 case each of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets) syndrome, congestive heart failure, mild oligohydramnios, and abruptio placentae. The indications for cesarean delivery were (in descending order) failure of labor to progress (n = 7), fetal distress (n = 4), placenta previa (n = 4), elective repeat cesarean delivery (n = 4), triplets (n = 3), uterine scarring (n = 3), 1 twin in the breech position (n = 3), failed forceps delivery (n = 2), and a variety of other indications that occurred in only 1 patient each. All preimplantation genetic diagnoses were confirmed by prenatal or postnatal testing. No diagnostic errors were made in this cohort of patients or in any patients undergoing preimplantation genetic diagnosis having polar body removal in our center. CONCLUSIONS: Preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with a risk of multiple gestations, cesarean delivery, and placenta previa. Cesarean delivery rates and multiple gestation rates are comparable to those of patients undergoing in vitro fertilization in general. The preimplantation genetic diagnosis itself does not seem to cause an increased risk for any particular pregnancy complication, with the possible exception of placenta previa, which was seen in 4% of patients.
Association of the IGF1/pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A system and adipocytokine levels with the presence and the morphology of carotid plaques in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with stable glycaemic control.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) has been implicated in the atherosclerotic process through regulation of local expression of IGF1. In type 2 diabetes mellitus, glycaemic control has been involved in PAPP-A expression. We compared PAPP-A, IGF1, inflammatory markers and adiponectin concentrations in type 2 diabetic patients with and without carotid plaques and evaluated the relationship between these serum parameters and ultrasound carotid markers of atherosclerosis. METHODS: We studied 125 consecutive type 2 diabetic patients. Clinical data, metabolic variables, hemostatic factors (plasma type-1 plasminogen activator inhibitor, fibrinogen), high-ultrasensitive C reactive protein (hsCRP), tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, interleukin (IL)-6, adiponectin, IGF1 and PAPP-A were determined. Patients were classified into two groups according to the presence of carotid plaques on ultrasound. Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and morphology of carotid plaques were evaluated. RESULTS: The mean age was 61.5+/-7.3 years and the mean glycated hemoglobin of 6.8+/-0.9%. A total of 60% presented carotid plaques. Both groups were homogeneous in anthropometric data, biochemical determinations and hemostatic factors. Adiponectin, hsCRP, TNF-alpha and IL-6 were similar in both groups. No differences were observed in serum PAPP-A (0.46 (0.22-0.86) vs 0.38 (0.18-0.66) mIU/l and in SDS IGF1 (-0.34+/-1.38 vs -0.67+/-1.35)) in patients with and without carotid plaques respectively. PAPP-A and IGF1 were not correlated with IMT. CONCLUSIONS: Serum PAPP-A and IGF1 do not appear to be useful serum biomarkers for carotid atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetic patients with stable glycemic control, despite scientific evidence of their local role in atherosclerosis.
Babies born small for gestational age: insulin sensitivity and growth hormone treatment.; Epidemiological studies have identified an association between size at birth and adult risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. In contemporary populations, children who are relatively small at birth and show rapid infancy weight gain are at greatest risk for the development of childhood obesity, increased visceral fat and insulin resistance: possible early markers of adult disease risk. Individuals presenting to growth clinics with short stature and a history of low birthweight will not have shown post-natal catch-up growth and may be a very heterogeneous group. Nevertheless, there are some data to suggest that as a group they are insulin resistant with decreased lean mass. Growth hormone treatment leads to reversible worsening of the insulin resistance, and short-term data do not indicate an increased risk for type 2 diabetes. However, further long-term follow-up is required, and particular care should be taken in monitoring children with a strong family history of type 2 diabetes and those from ethnic groups in which there is a high background prevalence of the disease.
Grandparental morbidity and mortality patterns are associated with infant birth weight in the Lifeways cross-generation cohort study 2001-2010.; The association of infants' birth weight with maternal cardiovascular morbidity (CVD) and mortality substantiates the foetal origins hypothesis. Few studies to date have investigated grandparent-infant risk association. We prospectively examined this relationship in the Lifeways three-generation familial cohort, contrasting lineage and gender differences to understand mechanisms of intergenerational risk transmission. In 2001, a cohort of 1082 families was established at antenatal stage. A total of 539 families (n = 539 infants) had both a participating grandparent (n = 1054) and information on infants' gestational age. At baseline, grandparents provided their diagnosed CVD status and 79% also underwent a cardiovascular risk factors assessment. In 2005, general practitioners provided an update for 61% grandparents. In 2010, a search of civil register confirmed 77 grandparental deaths in 539 families. Grandchildren's birth weight and grandparental cardiovascular risk factors associations were examined with linear regressions. Grandparental CVD associations were analysed using ANCOVA. Cox proportional hazard ratios (HR) were calculated for all-cause mortality associations. Models were adjusted for infants', mothers' and grandparents' demographic, anthropometric and socio-behavioural characteristics, as appropriate. The paternal grandfathers' (PGF) systolic blood pressure (mmHg) [β (95% CI) = 6.6 (0.8 - 12.5); P = 0.03] and paternal grandmothers' serum triglycerides (mmol/l) [β (95% CI) = 78.8 (7.0 - 150.7); P = 0.03] were linearly predictive of infants' birth weight, which was not observed for maternal grandparents. Mean birth weight for infants of maternal grandmothers with diabetes {-272.7 [(-499.7) - (-45.6)] g; P = 0.02} or stroke {-292.1 [(-544.5) - (-39.6)] g; P = 0.02} was lower than those without diabetes or stroke, a pattern not observed for paternal grandparents. Whereas PGFs' mortality was significantly associated with infants' high birth weight (≥4000 g) [HR (95% CI) = 4.9 (1.2 - 19.9); P = 0.03], maternal grandparents' mortality showed a converse pattern with infants' low birth weight (<2500 g) [HR (95% CI) = 1.7 (0.4 - 8.2); P = 0.7], although not statistically significant. These findings suggest that intergenerational transmission of risk differs in maternal and paternal lines.
Health implications of obesity in American Indians and Alaska Natives.; American Indians and Alaska Natives (AI/ANs) are experiencing an epidemic of diabetes, increasing rates of coronary artery disease and hypertension, and poor survival rates for breast cancer that are likely partially attributable to the increasing prevalence of obesity over the past generation. Obesity may also contribute to the high rates of gallstones and to adverse outcomes of pregnancy in AI/ANs. Although overall mortality was not associated with obesity in Pima Indians (except in the most obese men), the relationship of obesity to longevity in other AI/AN groups is not known. Further study of the specific health effects of obesity in various groups of AI/ANs are needed. In the meantime, community-based programs to prevent obesity and its sequelae should be implemented in all AI/AN communities.
PP030. Cardiovascular disease and risk in a pregnant woman's father as a risk factor for preeclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: In women experiencing their first pregnancy the assessment of risk of developing a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) including preeclampsia is imprecise. Identification of women at higher than normal risk of developing preeclampsia may improve pregnancy management and lead to better outcomes. Previous studies, mostly retrospective, have indicated a possible link between cardiovascular history and risk of preeclampsia. OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the self-reported family history of cardiovascular disease and risk (CVD/R) during an antenatal interview as a means of screening for risk of developing preeclampsia or other HDP. METHODS: Nulliparous women were recruited prospectively in early pregnancy before diagnosis of any HDP. Women reported on their maternal characteristics and the history of cardiovascular health in themselves, their parents and siblings and the father of the baby and his parents and siblings. Cardiovascular health was assessed as cardiovascular risk (high blood pressure, high cholesterol and diabetes) and cardiovascular disease (heart attack, stroke, angina and any major vascular surgery). Pregnancy outcomes were recorded after delivery, the diagnoses of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and superimposed preeclampsia being assigned according to the criteria defined by SOMANZ, 2008. A nominal logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate the effects of family history on risk of developing HDP while adjusting for clinical risk factors known at the time of recruitment. RESULTS: Nine hundred and ninety-seven women completed the study. Median gestational age at recruitment was 31.3weeks (Interquartile range [IQR] 24.4-35.9, range 5.6-39.1). Median age was 27.0years (IQR 23.0-32.0, range 16.0-45.0), median BMI was 28.6 (IQR 24.8-36.4, range 16.7-64.4) and 76.4% of the women did not smoke during the pregnancy. Preeclampsia was diagnosed in 12.6% of the women (103/997 preeclampsia, 23/997 superimposed) and 6.2% developed gestational hypertension (62/997). CVD/R was reported by 22.3% of mothers (including 1.7% of CVD alone) and in 9.3% of the partners (including 1.7% of CVD alone). Women reported CVD/R in 39.1% of their mothers (including 6.5% CVD alone) and in 42.2% (including 13.3% CVD alone) of their fathers. Women reported CVD/R in 30.3% (including 6.1% CVD alone) of the partners' mothers and in 38.9% (including 15.0% CVD alone) of the partners' fathers. Women who knew of CVD/R in their fathers had increased risk of preeclampsia (16.2% vs. 10.1%; Odds Ratio [OR]=.66 95% Confidence Interval [CI] 1.16-2.36, p=.005) that remained elevated after adjustments for maternal age, BMI, smoking in pregnancy and maternal CVD/R. No similar increase in risk of gestational hypertension was evident (7.4% vs. 5.4%; OR=1.31 95% CI0.81-2.10,p=0.272). CVD/R reported for any other family member did not significantly alter the woman's risk of developing preeclampsia or any other HDP. CONCLUSION: The presence of a history of CVD/R in the father of the pregnant woman indicated an increased risk of developing preeclampsia. The possibility of a similar association between CVD/R in other family members and HDP may exist however women in their first pregnancy may not have sufficient knowledge of family history. This lack of comprehensive information may limit the potential value of family history in determining the risk of preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.
Elevated diastolic blood pressure until mid-gestation is associated with preeclampsia and small-for-gestational-age birth: a population-based register study.; BACKGROUND: Gestational hemodynamic adaptations, including lowered blood pressure (BP) until mid-gestation, might benefit placental function. We hypothesized that elevated BP from early to mid-gestation increases risks of preeclampsia and small-for-gestational-age birth (SGA), especially in women who also deliver preterm (< 37 weeks). METHODS: In 64,490 healthy primiparous women, the change in systolic and diastolic BP from early to mid-gestation was categorized into lowered (≥ 0 mmHg decreased), and elevated (≥ 1 mmHg increase). Women with chronic hypertension, chronic renal disease, pre-gestational diabetes and systemic lupus erythematosus were excluded. Risks of preeclampsia and SGA birth were estimated by logistic regression, presented with adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Further, the effect of BP change in combination with stage 1 hypertension (systolic BP 130-139 mmHg or diastolic BP 80-89 mmHg) in early gestation was estimated. RESULTS: Compared to women with lowered diastolic BP from early to mid-gestation, those with elevated diastolic BP had increased risks of preeclampsia (aOR: 1.8 [1.6-2.0]) and SGA birth (aOR: 1.3 [1.2-1.5]). The risk estimates were higher for preeclampsia and SGA when combined with preterm birth (aORs: 2.2 [1.8-2.8] and 2.3 [1.8-3.0], respectively). The highest rate of preeclampsia (9.9%) was seen in women with stage 1 hypertension in early gestation and a diastolic BP that was elevated until mid-gestation. This was three times the risk, compared to women with normal BP in early gestation and a diastolic BP that was decreased until mid-gestation. The association between elevated systolic BP from early to mid-gestation and preeclampsia was weak, and no significant association was found between changes in systolic BP and SGA births. CONCLUSION: Elevated diastolic BP from early to mid-gestation was associated with increased risks of preeclampsia and SGA, especially for women also delivering preterm. The results may imply that the diastolic BP starts to increase around mid-gestation in women later developing placental dysfunction disorders.
The placenta is the center of the chronic disease universe.; Over the past quarter century it has become clear that adult onset chronic diseases like heart disease and type 2 diabetes have their roots in early development. The report by David Barker and colleagues showing an inverse relationship between birthweight and mortality from ischemic heart disease was the first clear-cut demonstration of fetal programming. Because fetal growth depends upon the placental capacity to transport nutrients from maternal blood, it has been a suspected causative agent since the original Barker reports. Epidemiological studies have shown that placental size and shape have powerful associations with offspring disease. More recent studies have shown that maternal phenotypic characteristics, such as body mass index and height, interact with placental size and shape to predict disease with much more precision than does birthweight alone. For example, among people in the Helsinki Birth Cohort, who were born during 1924–1944, the risk for acquiring colorectal cancer increased as the placental surface became longer and more oval. Among people in whom the difference between the length and breadth of the surface exceeded 6 cm, the hazard ratio for the cancer was 2.3 (95% CI 1.2–4.7, p=0.003) compared with those in whom there was no difference. Among Finnish men, the hazard ratio for coronary heart disease was 1.07 (1.02–1.13, P =0.01) per 1% increase in the placental weight/birthweight ratio. Thus, it appears that the ratio of birthweight to placental weight, known as placental efficiency, predicts cardiovascular risk as well. Babies born with placentas at the extremes of efficiency are more vulnerable for adult onset chronic diseases. Recent evidence suggests that placental growth patterns are sex specific. Boys’ placentas are, in general, more efficient than those made by girls. Another recent discovery is that the size, shape and efficiencies of the placenta can change over years of time with very narrow confidence limits. This suggests that the growth of the placenta within a population of women is strongly affected by their nutritional environment. Even though it is known that an individual placenta can expand to improve its nutrient acquisition capacity in the first 2/3(rd) of gestation, the mechanisms by which placentas grow in response to a specific nutritional environment are not known. Discovering those mechanisms is the task of the current generation of scientists. While it may seem obvious that good nutrition is highly important for women who are pregnant because it supports optimal placentation and fetal development, more research is needed to determine the mechanisms by which maternal nutrition, placenta growth and fetal health are related.
Why and how should adults lose weight?; Being overweight increases the risk of developing many common diseases including type-2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, coronary heart disease, gallstones and various cancers of the gastrointestinal and urogenital tracts. It can also cause or exacerbate osteoarthritis, breathlessness, heartburn, sleep apnoea, venous thromboembolism and psychological distress, particularly anxiety and depression. It makes anaesthesia and surgery more hazardous, and in pregnancy increases the risks associated with childbirth. Being overweight can also complicate day-to-day social functioning such as negotiating seats on public transport or purchasing clothes. In this article, we review the evidence that weight loss is beneficial and how this might be achieved using lifestyle changes, drug therapy, or surgery.
[Alcohol intake--a two-edged sword. Part 2: Protective effects of alcohol and recommendations for its safe use].; Excessive alcohol consumption causes numerous complications. However, alcohol does not only show adverse side effects: Moderate alcohol consumption improves the lipid profile as well as the insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of cardiovascular events, diabetes mellitus type 2 and gall stones. Further, total mortality is decreased. Weighing benefits and risks women should limit alcohol consumption to 10-12 g alcohol/day and men to 20-24 g alcohol/day. Pregnant and breastfeeding women should not drink alcohol at all.
[Nyctohemeral changes of blood pressure. Diagnostic and prognostic value].; The blood pressure shows circadian variation in normal subjects with higher diurnal than nocturnal values: the difference between day and night time blood pressure is about 10-20 mmHg for systolic and for diastolic blood pressure. These variations are mainly related to physical and/or psychosensorial stress: the physician is himself a cause of increased blood pressure (the "white coat" effect). The degree of the nocturnal decrease in blood pressure which is maximal 2 and 3 o'clock is related to the quality and depth of sleep. The nocturnal decrease is followed by an increase in blood pressure when the person wakes up (early morning peak). Diagnostic signs: a physiological inversion of the circadian rhythm may be observed in people who sleep during the daytime and work at night. There would seem to be less of a nocturnal fall in black persons in the United States. Some pathological conditions can inverse or at least disturb the ciacadian variation: apart from hypertension, this has been reported in autonomic nervous system disease, in diabetics with autonomic neuropathy in some elderly patients, in Cushing's syndrome, after cardiac transplantation, etc... In hypertensives, the lack of nocturnal decrease of the blood pressure or an inversion in circadian rhythm should be looked for in severe and secondary hypertension such as associated with pheochromocytoma, or in renal dialysis patients. In toxaemia of pregnancy, this abnormality may herald an eclamptic crisis. Prognostic signs: in normotensives (especially in black persons) and hypertensives, inversion of the circadian rhythm is associated with more severe left ventricular hypertrophy and a higher morbidity.
Development of Gestational Age-Based Fetal Brain and Intracranial Volume Reference Norms Using Deep Learning.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Fetal brain MR imaging interpretations are subjective and require subspecialty expertise. We aimed to develop a deep learning algorithm for automatically measuring intracranial and brain volumes of fetal brain MRIs across gestational ages. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective study included 246 patients with singleton pregnancies at 19-38 weeks gestation. A 3D U-Net was trained to segment the intracranial contents of 2D fetal brain MRIs in the axial, coronal, and sagittal planes. An additional 3D U-Net was trained to segment the brain from the output of the first model. Models were tested on MRIs of 10 patients (28 planes) via Dice coefficients and volume comparison with manual reference segmentations. Trained U-Nets were applied to 200 additional MRIs to develop normative reference intracranial and brain volumes across gestational ages and then to 9 pathologic fetal brains. RESULTS: Fetal intracranial and brain compartments were automatically segmented in a mean of 6.8 (SD, 1.2) seconds with median Dices score of 0.95 and 0.90, respectively (interquartile ranges, 0.91-0.96/0.89-0.91) on the test set. Correlation with manual volume measurements was high (Pearson r = 0.996, P < .001). Normative samples of intracranial and brain volumes across gestational ages were developed. Eight of 9 pathologic fetal intracranial volumes were automatically predicted to be >2 SDs from this age-specific reference mean. There were no effects of fetal sex, maternal diabetes, or maternal age on intracranial or brain volumes across gestational ages. CONCLUSIONS: Deep learning techniques can quickly and accurately quantify intracranial and brain volumes on clinical fetal brain MRIs and identify abnormal volumes on the basis of a normative reference standard.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A and mortality in haemodialysis.; BACKGROUND: Elevated pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) levels are associated with increased risk of death in ischaemic heart disease as well as in haemodialysis patients. Previous research indicates that the prognostic value of PAPP-A may be stronger in patients with concomitant diabetes mellitus or signs of inflammation. We studied the association between PAPP-A and outcomes in prevalent haemodialysis patients and hypothesized that diabetes mellitus and inflammation status act as effect modifiers. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Circulating PAPP-A levels were quantified using ELISA. Cox proportional hazards and quantile regression models were used for associations between PAPP-A and mortality. PAPP-A levels were log-transformed for Normality. RESULTS: During 60-month follow-up, 37 (40%) of the 92 participants died. Higher PAPP-A was associated with increased risk of mortality in unadjusted analysis (HR per SD = 1.4, 95% CI = 1-1.9, P = .03) and when adjusted for confounders and cardiovascular risk factors (HR = 1.8, 95% CI = 1.18-2.73, P = .006). An interaction between PAPP-A levels and diabetes mellitus on mortality was found (HR for the multiplicative interaction term = 2.74 95% CI = 1.02-7.37, P = .05). In a quantile regression adjusted for age and sex, one SD increase in PAPP-A was associated with 22 months shorter estimated time until 25% of the patients died (95% CI -35 to -9.1 months). CONCLUSIONS: Increased PAPP-A levels are associated with higher all-cause mortality in prevalent haemodialysis patients with concomitant diabetes mellitus.
Low birth weight and cardiovascular risk factors at school age.; BACKGROUND: Many epidemiological studies show a strong association between nutritional status at birth and later chronic diseases, particularly cardiovascular diseases. These results seem to confirm fetal programming regarding risk factors and future diseases such as diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and kidney dysfunction. The aim of the present study is to evaluate, in a group of low-birth-weight (LBW) newborns, the influence of nutritional status at birth on blood pressure and lipid profile at school age. METHODS: A group of low birth weight newborns (n = 30) and a group with appropriate gestational age (AGA) (n = 26) were prospectively evaluated from birth up to 84 months of age. Nutritional status was evaluated at every observation and blood pressure and lipid profile were measured at 84 months according to international recommendations. RESULTS: A catch-up growth was observed in the LBW group during the first two years of life, stature at 84 months being similar in both groups (AGA = -0.3 +/- 0.8 Z-score; LBW = -0.4 +/- 1.1 Z-score). When results are grouped according to weight gain between birth and 84 months of life, and taking account of breast-feeding duration, the LBW children show higher values, with significant differences in diastolic blood pressure between groups in those with greater weight gain (AGA = 88.8 +/- 5.8% of 50th percentile; LBW = 101.2 +/- 5.8% of 50th percentile; p < or = 0.01). Regarding lipid profile, no differences were found except for apolipoprotein A, with lower values in the LBW group (LBW = 125.6 +/- 4.1 mg/dl; AGA = 143.4 +/- 24.6 mg/dl; p < or = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Low birth weight newborns are at higher risk of future cardiovascular disease as they show higher blood pressure values compared to those with appropriate nutritional status at birth. These results are more evident in those individuals with greater weight gain, irrespective of breastfeeding duration. All efforts should be directed towards environmental factors that can negatively influence the health and nutritional status of pregnant women in order to reduce the prevalence of LBW newborns.
Vitamin D status in pregnant women visiting a tertiary care center of North Eastern India.; BACKGROUND: Studies of vitamin D (VD) physiology suggest that effects of vitamin D deficiency (VDD) could be much broader than rickets including cardiovascular disease, cancers, diabetes, infection, and allergy and pregnancy complications. Data regarding the prevalence of hypovitaminosis in pregnancy are scanty especially in north eastern part of India. Therefore, this study has undertaken with the intention to find out prevalence and outcome of hypovitaminosis of VD in pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHOD: In total, 177 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy, <16 weeks of gestational age, visited to antenatal clinic of our institute were consecutively enrolled for the study. The serum VD was estimated by Beckman coulter unicel DXI immunoassay system using the principle of Chemiluminescence. Incidence of vitamin deficiency and insufficiency calculated. VDD was defined as 25(OH)D levels in blood <20 ng/mL, and insufficiency of VD was defined as 25(OH)D levels <32 ng/mL. Antenatal complications, such as intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), oligohydramnios, pre-eclampsia, preterm labor, gestational diabetes, if any, were noted. Labor and delivery information including induction of labor, mode of delivery, and newborn birth weight were noted. RESULT: In total, 177 women recruited for the study. Mean age and parity of the subjects were 26.71 ± 9.96 and 2.10 ± 1.8, respectively. For detailed statistical analysis, women were divided into three groups depending upon their VD levels: deficiency group [25(OH)D level <20 ng/mL], insufficiency group [25(OH)D level <32 ng/mL], and sufficient group [25(OH)D level >32 ng/mL]. VDD was present in 84.18% subjects. VD insufficiency was present in 12.44% of cases. There is association of preeclampsia, cesarean section, and low birth weight babies with lower level of VD. CONCLUSION: This study showed that the prevalence of VDD in pregnancy is astonishingly high till now there is no guideline to screen antenatal women for VDD. As the test is costly even, offering it to all at-risk women may not be cost effective compared with offering universal supplementation, particularly as treatment is regarded as being very safe.
Associations between Maternal Risk Factors and Intrinsic Placental and Fetal Brain Functional Properties in Congenital Heart Disease.; The relationship between maternal risk factors (MRFs) (particularly pre-gravid obesity, diabetes, and hypertension) and congenital heart disease (CHD) to placental and fetal brain outcomes is poorly understood. Here, we tested the hypothesis that MRF and CHD would be associated with reduced intrinsic placental and fetal brain function using a novel non-invasive technique. Pregnant participants with and without MRF and fetal CHD were prospectively recruited and underwent feto-placental MRI. Using intrinsic properties of blood oxygen level dependent imaging (BOLD) we quantified spatiotemporal variance of placenta and fetal brain. MRFs and CHD were correlated with functional characteristics of the placenta and fetal brain. Co-morbid MRF (hypertension, diabetes, and obesity) reduced spatiotemporal functional variance of placenta and fetal brain (p < 0.05). CHD predicted reduced fetal brain temporal variance compared to non-CHD (p < 0.05). The presence of both MRF and CHD was associated with reduced intrinsic pBOLD temporal variance (p = 0.047). There were no significant interactions of MRFs and CHD status on either temporal or spatial variance of intrinsic brain BOLD. MRF and CHD reduced functional characteristic of placenta and brain in fetuses. MRF modification and management during pregnancy may have the potential to not only provide additional risk stratification but may also improve neurodevelopmental outcomes.
Plasma and lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations in the Pima Indians: distributions differing from those of Caucasians.; Plasma and lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations were measured in Pima Indians, a genetically homogeneous population with a high prevalence of obesity and diabetes and a low frequency of coronary heart disease. The data for nondiabetic Pima Indians were compared with those of U.S. Caucasians measured during the Lipid Research Clinics Prevalence Study. Plasma total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels in Pima men older than 30 years of age and in women over 25 were lower than those of U.S. Caucasians, and in men the total and LDL cholesterol levels did not increase with age. In Pima male subjects of all ages high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels were lower than that in Caucasian male subjects, and in Pima female subjects HDL cholesterol levels averaged 11 mg/dl lower than those in female Caucasian subjects. On the other hand, plasma triglyceride levels in Pima male subjects up to 35 years of age and in female subjects up to 55 years old were higher than those of Caucasians. Comparison of plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels in Pima male and female subjects showed the same relationships as those in Caucasians (i.e., higher in male subjects until the older age groups), but Pima male and female subjects had similar HDL cholesterol levels. There was a strong negative correlation between obesity and HDL cholesterol levels in Pimas. Obesity appeared to account for the lower HDL cholesterol levels in Pima male subjects compared with that in Caucasian male subjects, but obesity could not explain the lack of differences between the sexes in HDL levels in the Pimas. Triglyceride levels correlated positively with obesity in the Pimas, but the relationship was not as strong as that reported for Caucasians. The results indicate that there are differences in lipoprotein distributions between Pimas and U.S. Caucasians; the relationship between lipoprotein levels and the incidence of coronary disease in the Pimas must be determined.
Weight Trajectories After Delivery are Associated with Adiposity and Cardiometabolic Markers at 3 Years Postpartum Among Women in Project Viva.; BACKGROUND: Postpartum weight trajectories and its implications on later cardiometabolic health are not entirely understood. OBJECTIVES: Our objectives were: 1) to characterize maternal weight trajectories from 1 to 24 mo postpartum, 2) to determine the association of prepregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain (GWG), and pregnancy behaviors with the trajectories, and 3) to evaluate the association of weight trajectories with BMI, waist circumference (WC), lipid profile, glucose, insulin resistance, blood pressure, and inflammatory markers at 3 y postpartum. METHODS: We studied 1359 mothers from the prospective cohort Project Viva. Using weights at 1, 6, 12, and 24 mo postpartum, we characterized weight trajectories using a latent class growth model. For objectives 2 and 3, we used multinomial logistic regression and multiple linear regression models, respectively. RESULTS: Around 85% of women fell into a trajectory of sustained weight loss (1-12 mo) + maintenance (12-24 mo) (reference), 5.7% followed a trajectory characterized by fast weight loss + slight gain, and 9.7% fell into a trajectory of little weight loss + slight gain. Prepregnancy overweight and obesity increased the odds of falling into the fast weight loss + slight gain trajectory, compared with the reference. Prepregnancy overweight [OR 1.57 (95% CI: 1.01, 2.46)] and a higher total GWG rate [3.69 (2.90, 4.68)] increased the odds of falling into the little weight loss + slight gain trajectory, whereas a higher Prudent dietary pattern score was protective [0.73 (0.54, 0.98)]. Women in this trajectory had higher BMI, WC, weight gain from prepregnancy, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and inflammatory markers at 3 y postpartum. CONCLUSIONS: Women following a trajectory of little weight loss + slight gain during the first 2 y postpartum had an adverse cardiometabolic profile 3 y after delivery. Targeting diet and GWG during pregnancy and facilitating postpartum weight loss could improve women's long-term health.
Manifesto for a paradigm shift: periodontal health for a better life.; This article outlines the European Federation of Periodontology's (EFP) manifesto Periodontal Health for a Better Life which was informed by the first joint EFP/American Academy of Periodontology workshop on periodontitis and systemic health. The EFP manifesto calls upon the dental profession to engage in screening and providing preventive advice to patients who are at risk of common chronic diseases and conditions such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer. In particular, the article emphasises the dental team's role in promoting behaviour change in their patients aimed at reducing smoking and obesity levels, by promoting healthy nutrition and exercise. The chairman of the National Association of Primary Care Medicine, Dr Charles Alessi, has strongly endorsed this model and highlighted the important opportunities offered by a capitation-based new contract for the dental team to engage fully in preventive medicine in support of medical colleagues and in the best interests of public health and patients across England.
Association between Endodontic Infection, Its Treatment and Systemic Health: A Narrative Review.; The 'Focal Infection Era in Dentistry' in the late 19th and early 20th century resulted in widespread implementation of tooth extraction and limited the progress of endodontics. The theory proposed that bacteria and toxins entrapped in dentinal tubules could disseminate systemically to remote body parts, resulting in many types of degenerative systemic diseases. This theory was eventually refuted due to anecdotal evidence. However, lately there has been increased interest in investigating whether endodontic disease could have an impact on general health. There are reviews that have previously been carried out on this subject, but as new data have emerged since then, this review aims to appraise the available literature investigating the dynamic associations between apical periodontitis, endodontic treatment, and systemic health. The available evidence regarding focal infection theory, bacteraemia and inflammatory markers was appraised. The review also collated the available research arguing the associations of apical periodontitis with cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, adverse pregnancy outcome and autoimmune disorders, along with the effect of statins and immunomodulators on apical periodontitis prevalence and endodontic treatment prognosis. There is emerging evidence that bacteraemia and low-grade systemic inflammation associated with apical periodontitis may negatively impact systemic health, e.g., development of cardiovascular diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and diabetic metabolic dyscontrol. However, there is limited information supporting the effect of diabetes mellitus or autoimmune disorders on the prevalence and prognosis post endodontic treatment. Furthermore, convincing evidence supports that successful root canal treatment has a beneficial impact on systemic health by reducing the inflammatory burden, thereby dismissing the misconceptions of focal infection theory. Although compelling evidence regarding the association between apical periodontitis and systemic health is present, further high-quality research is required to support and establish the benefits of endodontic treatment on systemic health.
Trends in and outcomes associated with obstructive sleep apnea during deliveries in the United States, 2000-2019.; BACKGROUND: Population-level data on obstructive sleep apnea among pregnant women in the United States and associated risk for adverse outcomes during delivery may be of clinical importance and public health significance. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess trends in and outcomes associated with obstructive sleep apnea during delivery hospitalizations. STUDY DESIGN: This repeated cross-sectional study analyzed delivery hospitalizations using the National Inpatient Sample. Temporal trends in obstructive sleep apnea were analyzed using joinpoint regression to estimate the average annual percentage change with 95% confidence intervals. Survey-adjusted logistic regression models were fit to assess the association between obstructive sleep apnea and mechanical ventilation or tracheostomy, acute respiratory distress syndrome, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, peripartum hysterectomy, pulmonary edema/heart failure, stillbirth, and preterm birth. RESULTS: From 2000 to 2019, an estimated 76,753,013 delivery hospitalizations were identified, of which 54,238 (0.07%) had a diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea. During the study period, the presence of obstructive sleep apnea during delivery hospitalizations increased from 0.4 to 20.5 cases per 10,000 delivery hospitalizations (average annual percentage change, 20.6%; 95% confidence interval, 19.1-22.2). Clinical factors associated with obstructive sleep apnea included obesity (4.3% of women without and 57.7% with obstructive sleep apnea), asthma (3.2% of women without and 25.3% with obstructive sleep apnea), chronic hypertension (2.0% of women without and 24.5% with obstructive sleep apnea), and pregestational diabetes mellitus (0.9% of women without and 10.9% with obstructive sleep apnea). In adjusted analyses accounting for obesity, other clinical factors, demographics, and hospital characteristics, obstructive sleep apnea was associated with increased odds of mechanical ventilation or tracheostomy (adjusted odds ratio, 21.9; 95% confidence interval, 18.0-26.7), acute respiratory distress syndrome (adjusted odds ratio, 5.9; 95% confidence interval, 5.4-6.5), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.6-1.7), stillbirth (adjusted odds ratio, 1.2; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-1.4), pulmonary edema/heart failure (adjusted odds ratio, 3.7; 95% confidence interval, 2.9-4.7), peripartum hysterectomy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.66; 95% confidence interval, 1.23-2.23), and preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio, 1.2; 95% confidence interval, 1.1-1.2). CONCLUSION: Obstructive sleep apnea diagnoses are increasingly common in the obstetrical population and are associated with a range of adverse obstetrical outcomes during delivery hospitalizations.
Altered Resistin Concentrations in Mid-trimester Amniotic Fluid of Fetuses With Trisomies 18 and 13: A Window onto the Pathophysiology of Trisomies 18 and 13.; BACKGROUND/AIM: The study aimed to examine whether resistin is present in second trimester amniotic fluid from pregnancies with trisomy 18 and 13 and evaluate its concentration in comparison with euploid pregnancies. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study included 37 women who underwent amniocentesis. Eleven fetuses had trisomy 18, 3 had trisomy 13, while 23 had a normal karyotype. RESULTS: Resistin was detected in all cases. The mean level of resistin in trisomy 18 was statistically significantly lower compared to euploid controls. Resistin levels in all abnormal cases were below its median concentration in euploid controls. ROC analysis showed very good prognostic value for both trisomies. CONCLUSION: Resistin is a constituent of mid-trimester amniotic fluid of pregnancies with trisomies 13 and 18, exhibiting lower levels than those in euploid fetuses. The reduced levels of resistin in amniotic fluid may be associated with early changes in metabolic pathways and immunoinflammatory responses.
Use of anti-asthmatic drugs during pregnancy. 2. Infant characteristics excluding congenital malformations.; OBJECTIVE: To study the characteristics of the infants born to women who have used anti-asthmatic drugs during pregnancy. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Various characteristics of infants with mothers who had reported the use of anti-asthmatic drugs in early pregnancy (n=24,750) or had such drugs prescribed later during pregnancy by a maternity health care centre (n=763) were identified from the Swedish Medical Birth Register and compared to those of all infants. Risks estimated with Mantel-Haenszel technique were expressed as odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals after adjustment for a number of putative confounders. The severity of maternal asthma was assessed on the basis of the number of anti-asthmatic drugs used. RESULTS: An increased risk for preterm birth, low birth weight and small for gestational age was found, which increased with the number of anti-asthmatic drugs used by the mother during pregnancy (OR=1.46, 1.67, and 1.70, respectively, when three or more drugs had been used). An increased risk for large for gestational age could be explained by the effect of gestational diabetes and high body mass index. An increased risk for neonatal icterus was mainly an effect of preterm birth, while an increased risk for respiratory problems and/or low Apgar score (OR=1.43) was only slightly reduced in full-term infants. An increased risk for hyperglycaemia (OR=1.62) was not explained by confounding from maternal diabetes. No risk increase was found for neonatal convulsions or cerebral haemorrhage. Mortality was increased only among infants whose mother had used three or more anti-asthmatic drugs (OR=1.52). CONCLUSION: Infants whose mothers had asthma had a number of manifestations of poor outcome which appeared to be linked with the severity of the asthma.
Safety aspects of iron in food.; During the last decades efforts regarding dietary iron supply focused mostly on the prevention of deficiencies, especially during growth and pregnancy. Correspondingly, homeostatic mechanisms increase intestinal iron absorption in iron deficiency, but its downregulation at high intake levels seems insufficient to prevent accumulation of high iron stores at high intake. There is no regulated iron excretion in overload. Excess of pharmaceutical iron may cause toxicity and therapeutic doses may cause gastrointestinal side effects. Chronic iron excess, e.g. in primary and secondary hemochromatosis, may lead to hepatic fibrosis, diabetes mellitus and cardiac failure. Chronic intake of 50-100 mg Fe/day of highly bioavailable iron with home-brewed beer in sub-Saharan Africans lead to cirrhosis and diabetes. Applying a safety factor of 2 would lead to an upper safe level of 25-50 mg Fe/day for this endpoint of conventional iron toxicity. However, beyond this kind of damage iron is known to catalyze the generation of hydroxyl radicals from superoxide anions and to increase oxidative stress which, in turn, increases free iron concentration. This self-amplifying process may cause damage to lipid membranes and proteins, which relates radical generation and organ damage after ischemia-reperfusion events to available free iron in clinical and experimental settings. Correspondingly, epidemiological studies as well as observations in heterozygotes for hereditary hemochromatosis suggest that the risk of atherosclerosis and acute myocardial infarction is related to body iron stores, though there is conflicting epidemiological evidence as well. The most recent and best controlled studies, however, support the hypothesis that iron stores are related to cardiovascular risk. Iron-amplified oxidative stress may also increase DNA damage, oxidative activation of precancerogens and support tumor cell growth. This is supported by experimental, clinical and epidemiological observations. Due to these mechanisms high iron stores may present a health hazard. Though this has not been finally proven, available evidence strongly recommends not to increase iron intake beyond physiological requirements. To avoid iron deficiency symptoms, on the other hand, care must be taken to meet recommended daily intake.
Role of uterine artery Doppler in interpreting low PAPP-A values in first-trimester screening for Down syndrome in pregnancies at high risk of impaired placentation.; OBJECTIVES: Low maternal serum levels of pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) are associated with both increased risk of aneuploidies and impaired trophoblastic invasion, while high uterine artery (UtA) resistance is associated with impaired trophoblastic invasion but not with an increased risk of aneuploidies. The aim of this study was to determine whether high UtA resistance plays a role in explaining low PAPP-A levels in the absence of aneuploidies. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 116 singleton pregnancies at high risk for impaired placentation (having at least one major risk factor: prior history of pre-eclampsia, pregestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, chronic kidney disease, body mass index >30, autoimmune disorder, thrombophilia or recurrent pregnancy loss), booked for routine assessment of risk for aneuploidies by means of the first-trimester combined screening test (nuchal translucency thickness (NT) + PAPP-A + beta-human chorionic gonadotropin (beta-hCG)). Measurement of NT and the mean UtA pulsatility index (PI) were carried out at the 11 to 13 + 6-week scan. All values were calculated in multiples of the median (MoM) adjusted for gestational age. A cut-off risk of 1/270 at time of sampling was adopted to differentiate high- from low-risk groups for trisomy 21. RESULTS: There were 108 patients deemed to be at low risk for trisomy 21 and eight at high risk. None had chromosomal defects, giving a false-positive rate for trisomy 21 of 6.9%. The greatest differences between patients at low risk and those at high risk for trisomy 21 were found in their PAPP-A (0.98 vs. 0.38 MoM, P < 0.01) and beta-hCG (1.09 vs. 1.77 MoM, P = 0.04) values. Greater NT thickness (1.02 vs. 0.90 MoM) and higher mean UtA-PI (1.05 vs. 0.96 MoM) were recorded in the high-risk group, although the differences did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.19 and 0.40, respectively). After log-transformation there were no significant correlations between mean UtA-PI and NT and between mean UtA-PI and beta-hCG. There was a significant negative linear correlation between mean UtA-PI and PAPP-A (r = -0.331; P < 0.01). After adjusting the PAPP-A values by UtA-PI, the false-positive rate for trisomy 21 decreased to 2.6%. CONCLUSION: Mean UtA-PI at the 11 to 13 + 6-week scan may be an effect-modifier variable for PAPP-A that should be taken into account in the first-trimester combined screening for aneuploidies, at least in pregnancies at high risk for impaired placentation.
A case study of a pregnant patient with a congenital heart block accompanied by left isomerism and uncontrolled type 2 diabetes who was treated successfully with ritodrine.; We present a case study of a patient with a congenital heart block associated with a left isomerism that was diagnosed during the 26th week of gestation. The mother had type 2 diabetes mellitus that was difficult to control during the early stages of the pregnancy. A fetal echocardiogram revealed an atrioventricular dissociation, with an atrial rate of 120 bpm and a ventricular rate of 55 bpm. Subsequent examinations also revealed a left isomerism in the fetus. To increase the fetal heart rate, a continuous intravenous infusion of ritodrine was administered. The fetal ventricular rate rapidly increased to 65 bpm. The pregnancy successfully continued until term and a female infant weighing 3,182 g was born via a cesarean section. A subsequent surgery was performed to provide the infant with a permanent cardiac pacemaker, and notably, the child is now 4 months of age and her growth has been within the normal range.
Birth defects in Taiwan: A 10-year nationwide population-based, cohort study.; BACKGROUND/PURPOSE: Birth defects (BDs) are main causes of mortality and disability in infants and children. The aims of this study were to analyze the prevalence, types and risk factors of BDs in Taiwan. METHODS: Data of all births (including live and stillbirths), types, characteristics, and associated risk factors of BDs were obtained from the National Birth Registry and National Health Insurance Research Data base in Taiwan between 2005 and 2014. Birth defects were coded according to International Classification of Diseases 9th Revision-Clinical Modification codes 740-759. RESULTS: A total of 55,299 infants were diagnosed as having BDs among 2,033,004 births. The prevalence of BDs was 271.66 per 10,000 births. The prevalence of BDs did not change significantly between 2005 and 2014, there was a higher birth rate and lower BDs in 2012 (year of dragon) in Taiwan. The most common type of BDs was cardiovascular abnormalities, and ventricular septal defect was the most common disease. Extreme maternal age (<18 years or ≧30 years), preterm, and low birth weight were associated with BDs. Maternal diseases associated with BDs included hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, renal diseases, genitourinary infections, anemia, mental disorders, and diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of BDs was 271.66 per 10,000 births. The most common types of BDs were cardiovascular abnormalities. If we can reduce maternal chronic diseases, we will decrease the prevalence of BDs.
The impact of periodontal infections on systemic diseases. An update for medical practitioners.; Oral health status is an integral component of a general health and well-being of an individual. Knowledge about the link between periodontal disease and systemic diseases are growing rapidly. Increasing evidence is available from many investigators to indicate periodontitis as a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, low birth weight infants and pulmonary diseases. Both epidemiologists and researchers in oral microbiology have contributed significantly to the new paradigm of periodontal disease. Although additional studies are needed to determine the mechanisms by which such associations exist; available research clearly demonstrates that oral diseases and conditions are not only markers for underlying health problems, but also important determinants influencing the development and management of adverse chronic health conditions. Physicians and dentists should be aware of this link and provide treatment that will greatly benefit the patients. A review of the relationship between periodontal infections and its possible impact on systemic diseases is discussed.
Poor Early Growth and Age-Associated Disease.; The prevalence of age-associated disease is increasing at a striking rate globally and there is evidence to suggest that the ageing process may actually begin before birth. It has been well-established that the status of both the maternal and early postnatal environments into which an individual is exposed can have huge implications for the risk of developing age-associated disease, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), type-2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity in later life. Therefore, the dissection of underlying molecular mechanisms to explain this phenomenon, known as 'developmental programming' is a highly investigated area of research. This book chapter will examine the epidemiological evidence and the animal models of suboptimal maternal and early postnatal environments and will discuss the progress being made in the development of safe and effective intervention strategies which ultimately could target those 'programmed' individuals who are known to be at-risk of age-associated disease.
Fibronectin levels in Indian neonates in health & disease.; Cord blood samples were estimated for serum fibronectin (Fn) by immunoelectrophoresis (IE) and enzyme linked immuno sorbent assay (ELISA) in 250 newborn healthy and sick infants classified into 6 categories: i.e., term appropriate for date (TAFD), preterm appropriate for date (PTAFD), term small for date (TSFD), preterm small for date (PTSFD), birth asphyxia (BA) and septicemia (SEP). TAFD infants were assayed for plasma Fn in addition. Comparison of Fn levels in the different groups by the Wilcoxan rank sum test indicated no significant difference between term and preterm infants, between PTAFD and PTSFD, TAFD and TSFD and in infants with and without birth asphyxia. Babies with septicemia had a significantly (P < 0.01) lower Fn level (29.97 +/- 29.03 mg/l) than those with no septicemia (42.77 +/- 30.20 mg/l). TAFD infants had Fn levels (serum 41.44 +/- 31.08 mg/l, plasma 85.20 +/- 33.38 mg/l) that are less than half the levels reported in the Western literature for newborn term infants. A possible cause could be the associated medical problems in mothers as 41 per cent of mothers of TAFD infants had conditions such as pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, rheumatic heart disease, infection etc.
[Odontogenic foci and systemic diseases. A review].; The aim of the present review is to provide an up-to-date picture of what we know about the connection between odontogenic foci and non-oral diseases. After a brief historical summary, we give an overview on how the odontogenic focus causes disease in distant areas of the body in general, and then we start the discussion of the particular conditions, such as cardiovascular diseases, pneumonia, diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis and adverse pregnancy outcomes. The review is centered around the two main odontogenic foci: periodontitis and periapical periodontitis, the latter being a widely recognized but rarely discussed oral focus. Finally, we offer a few considerations that the practicing dentist may find useful when dealing with odontogenic foci. Orv Hetil. 2018; 159(11): 415-422.
Maternal Thyroid Hormone Programs Cardiovascular Functions in the Offspring.; Background: Maternal thyroid hormone (TH) plays an essential role for fetal development, especially for the cardiovascular system and its central control. However, the precise consequences of altered TH action during the different periods in pregnancy remain poorly understood. Methods: To address this question, we used mice heterozygous for a mutant thyroid hormone receptor α1 (TRα1) and wild-type controls that were born to wild-type mothers treated with 3,3',5-triiodothyronine (T3) during the first or the second half of pregnancy. We then phenotyped the offspring animals as adults by in vivo measurements and postmortem tissue analyses. Results: Maternal T3 treatment in either half of the pregnancy did not affect postnatal growth development. Serum thyroxine and hypophyseal thyrotropin subunit beta or deiodinase type II expression was also not affected in any group, only TRα1 mutant males exhibited a reduction in serum T3 levels after the treatment. Likewise, hepatic deiodinase type I was not altered, but serum selenium levels were reduced by the maternal treatment in wild-type offspring of both genders. Most interestingly, a significant increase in heart weight was found in adult wild-types born to mothers that received T3 during the first or second half of pregnancy, while TRα1 mutant males were protected from this effect. Moreover, we detected a significant increase in heart rate selectively in male mice that were exposed to elevated maternal T3 in the second half of the pregnancy. Conclusion: Taken together, our findings demonstrate that maternal TH is of particular relevance during the second half of pregnancy for establishing cardiac properties, with specific effects depending on TRα1 or gender. The data advocate routinely monitoring TH levels during pregnancy to avoid adverse cardiac effects in the offspring.
Healthy People 2010 and Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders: defining a baseline of information.; OBJECTIVES: Healthy People 2010: Understanding and Improving Health lists 6 areas of disparity in minority health services: infant mortality, cancer, cardiovascular disease, HIV/AIDS, diabetes, and immunizations. This study compiles existing Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) health data to establish a baseline. METHODS: For federally-sponsored research (1986-2000), the Computer Retrieval of Information on Specific Projects (CRISP) database was analyzed. AAPI initiatives were divided by subpopulation and disparity area. MEDLINE articles (1966-2000) were similarly scrutinized. RESULTS: Few federal health-related grants (0.2%) and MEDLINE articles (0.01%) mention AAPIs. For the 6 disparity areas, significant AAPI data gaps remain. CONCLUSIONS: To reach the Healthy People 2010 goals and have useful data, researchers and grant makers must focus on obtaining baseline data for disaggregated AAPI subgroups.
Impact of perinatal weight change on long-term obesity and obesity-related illnesses.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the impact of perinatal weight change on obesity, weight gain, and development of obesity-related illnesses 15 years after pregnancy. METHODS: Pregnancy-related factors and weights of 795 women were recorded at first prenatal visit and 6 months postpartum and were available through medical record review at 4, 10, and 15 years. Obesity-related illnesses were recorded 15 years later. RESULTS: A total of 484 (61%) original cohort members were available for follow-up. Weight gain during pregnancy, weight loss by 6 months postpartum, and baseline body mass index (BMI) were all related to current BMI and weight gain at follow-up. Women who breastfed beyond 12 weeks and participated in postpartum aerobic exercise had lower BMI and weight gain 15 years later. By follow-up, 13% had developed diabetes or prediabetes. Thirty percent had developed heart disease, hypertension, or dyslipidemia. Baseline BMI and weight change over 15 years were significant predictors of both diseases. Smoking status at last follow-up was also a significant predictor of heart disease or pre-heart disease. CONCLUSION: Excess pregnancy weight gain and failure to lose weight in an appreciable time are indicators of obesity in midlife. Excess weight gain and obesity status are predictors of diabetes and heart disease, although pregnancy-related weight changes alone are not directly related.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates: A meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The objective is to identify the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in neonates by a meta-analysis, and to provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. METHODS: The databases, including Chinese Biomedical Literature Datebase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang database, and Weipu Periodical database, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, were searched for studies on the risk factors for NEC in neonates. The meta-analysis was carried out with the aid of Stata software. RESULTS: A total of 52 studies were included, with 48 case-control studies and 4 cohort studies. There were 166,580 neonates in total, with 33,522 neonates in the case group and 133,058 neonates in the control group. The meta-analysis showed that gestational diabetes (OR = 3.62, 95% CI:1.77-7.41), premature rupture of membranes (OR = 3.81, 95% CI:1.16-12.52), low birth weight (OR = 3.00, 95% CI:2.26-3.97), small for gestational age (OR = 1.85, 95% CI:1.15-2.97), septicemia (OR = 4.34, 95% CI:3.06-6.15), blood transfusion (OR = 3.08, 95% CI:2.16-4.38), congenital heart disease (OR = 2.73, 95% CI:1.10-6.78), respiratory distress syndrome (OR = 2.12, 95% CI:1.24-3.63), premature birth (OR = 5.63, 95% CI:2.91-10.92), pneumonia (OR = 4.07, 95% CI:2.84-5.82) were risk factors for NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.37, 95% CI:0.23-0.59), take probiotics (OR = 0.30, 95% CI:0.22-0.40), prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.39, 95% CI:0.30-0.50), Hyperbilirubinemia (OR = 0.28, 95% CI:0.09-0.86) were protective factors for NEC in neonates. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, low birth weight, small for gestational age, septicemia, blood transfusion, congenital heart disease, respiratory distress syndrome, premature birth, and pneumonia may increase the risk of NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding, taking probiotics, prenatal use of glucocorticoids, and Hyperbilirubinemia may reduce the risk of NEC in neonates.
Maternal educational level and risk of gestational hypertension: the Generation R Study.; We examined whether maternal educational level as an indicator of socioeconomic status is associated with gestational hypertension. We also examined the extent to which the effect of education is mediated by maternal substance use (that is smoking, alcohol consumption and illegal drug use), pre-existing diabetes, anthropometrics (that is height and body mass index (BMI)) and blood pressure at enrollment. This was studied in 3262 Dutch pregnant women participating in the Generation R Study, a population-based cohort study. Level of maternal education was established by questionnaire at enrollment, and categorized into high, mid-high, mid-low and low. Diagnosis of gestational hypertension was retrieved from medical records using standard criteria. Odds ratios (OR) of gestational hypertension for educational levels were calculated, adjusted for potential confounders and additionally adjusted for potential mediators. Adjusted for age and gravidity, women with mid-low (OR: 1.52; 95% CI: 1.02, 2.27) and low education (OR: 1.30; 95% CI: 0.80, 2.12) had a higher risk of gestational hypertension than women with high education. Additional adjustment for substance use, pre-existing diabetes, anthropometrics and blood pressure at enrollment attenuated these ORs to 1.09 (95% CI: 0.70, 1.69) and 0.89 (95% CI: 0.50, 1.58), respectively. These attenuations were largely due to the effects of BMI and blood pressure at enrollment. Women with relatively low educational levels have a higher risk of gestational hypertension, which is largely due to higher BMI and blood pressure levels from early pregnancy. The higher risk of gestational hypertension in these women is probably caused by pre-existing hypertensive tendencies that manifested themselves during pregnancy.
In utero programming of cardiovascular disease.; Low birth weight, thinness and short body length at birth are now known to be associated with increased rates of cardiovascular disease and non-insulin dependent diabetes in adult life. The fetal origins hypothesis proposes that these diseases originate through adaptations which the fetus makes when it is undernourished. These adaptations may be cardiovascular, metabolic or endocrine. They permanently change the structure and function of the body. Prevention of the diseases may depend on prevention of imbalances in fetal growth or imbalances between pre- and post-natal growth, or imbalances in nutrient supply to the fetus.
Is preeclampsia a significant risk factor for long-term hospitalizations and morbidity?; OBJECTIVE: The present study was aimed to evaluate long-term morbidity of patients with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study was conducted, including women who gave birth between the years of 1988 to 1998, and had a follow-up until December 2009. Data were extracted by linking a computerized database of hospitalizations with computerized database containing maternal records from the same regional medical center. The exposed group comprised 2072 patients with mild or severe preeclampsia in one or more of their pregnancies and the comparison group included 20742 patients without preeclampsia. Excluded from the study were patients with chronic hypertension and pre-gestational diabetes before the index pregnancy. Data included subsequent hospitalizations in internal medicine, oncology, nephrology, neurology, cardiac intensive care unit, and hematology, as well as a diagnosis of chronic hypertension during the follow-up period. RESULTS: Patients with preeclampsia had significantly higher rates of chronic hypertension diagnosed after the index pregnancy as compared with patients without preeclampsia (12.5% vs. 0.9%; OR = 15.8, 95% CI 12.9-19.3; p < 0.001). Likewise, patients with preeclampsia were more likely to be hospitalized at least once (13.7% vs. 11.4%; OR = 1.2, 95% CI 1.1-1.4; p = 0.002) as compared with patients without preeclampsia. Exposed women had 582 hospitalizations (0.28 hospitalization/patient), while the non-exposed patients had a total of 4687 hospitalizations (0.23 hospitalization/patient; p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Preeclampsia is a significant risk factor for long-term morbidity such as chronic hypertension and hospitalizations later in life.
The efficacy and safety of low-dose corticosteroids for rheumatoid arthritis.; Low-dose corticosteroids (defined as less than or equal to 10 mg/d of prednisone or equivalent) are used increasingly for the management of rheumatoid arthritis. They are frequently substituted for nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), particularly in patients with gastrointestinal or other intolerance to NSAIDs, or as "bridge therapy" while patients await the benefits of delayed-acting, disease-modifying agents. Despite their clinical acceptance, published data concerning efficacy are meager. Adverse effects to low-dose corticosteroids are not so frequent nor so severe as those that occur with higher doses. Nevertheless, alterations in glucose metabolism, cutaneous atrophy, cataracts, and glaucoma are common. Osteoporosis, steroid-myopathy, a steroid-withdrawal syndrome, and dysfunction of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis appear in some patients. Osteonecrosis, gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, infectious, or neurological complications probably do not occur. Fetal wastage, prematurity, or congenital malformations have not been proven with this dosage.
Risk of cerebral palsy among the offspring of immigrants.; BACKGROUND: Cerebral palsy (CP) has a multifactorial etiology, and placental vascular disease may be one major risk factor. The risk of placental vascular disease may be lower among some immigrant groups. We studied the association between immigrant status and the risk of CP. METHODS: We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study of all singleton and twin livebirths in Ontario between 2002-2008, and who survived ≥28 days after birth. Each child was assessed for CP up to age 4 years, based on either a single inpatient or ≥2 outpatient pediatric diagnoses of CP. Relative to non-immigrants (n = 566,668), the risk of CP was assessed for all immigrants (n = 177,390), and further evaluated by World region of origin. Cox proportional hazard ratios (aHR) were adjusted for maternal age, income, diabetes mellitus, obesity, tobacco use, Caesarean delivery, year of delivery, physician visits, twin pregnancy, preterm delivery, as well as small- and large-for-gestational age birthweight. RESULTS: There were 1346 cases of CP, with a lower rate among immigrants (1.45 per 1000) than non-immigrants (1.92 per 1000) (aHR 0.77, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.67 to 0.88). Mothers from East Asia and the Pacific (aHR 0.54, 95% CI 0.39 to 0.77) and the Caribbean (aHR 0.58, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.93) were at a significantly lower risk of having a child with CP. Whether further adjusting for preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, placental abruption or placental infraction, or upon using a competing risk analysis that further accounted for stillbirth and neonatal death, these results did not change. CONCLUSIONS: Immigration and ethnicity appear to attenuate the risk of CP, and this effect is not fully explained by known risk factors.
Determinants of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in umbilical cord and maternal serum.; OBJECTIVE: Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) plays a fundamental role in brain development; additionally, it is involved in various aspects of cerebral function, including neurodegenerative and psychiatric diseases. Involvement of BDNF in parturition has not been investigated. The aim of our study was to analyze determinants of umbilical cord BDNF (UC-BDNF) concentrations of healthy, term newborns and their respective mothers. METHODS: This cross-sectional prospective study was performed at a tertiary referral center. Maternal venous blood samples were taken on admission to labor ward; newborn venous blood samples were drawn from the umbilical cord (UC), before delivery of the placenta. Analysis was performed with a commercially available immunoassay. Univariate analyses and stepwise multivariate regression models were applied. RESULTS: 120 patients were recruited. UC-BDNF levels were lower than maternal serum concentrations (median 641 ng/mL, IQR 506 vs. median 780 ng/mL, IQR 602). Correlation between UC- and maternal BDNF was low (R=0.251, p=0.01). In univariate analysis, mode of delivery (MoD), gestational age (GA), body mass index at delivery, and gestational diabetes were determinants of UC-BDNF (MoD and smoking for maternal BDNF, respectively). Stepwise multivariate regression analysis revealed a model with MoD and GA as determinants for UC-BDNF (MoD for maternal BDNF). CONCLUSIONS: MoD and GA at delivery are determinants of circulating BDNF in the mother and newborn. We hypothesize that BDNF, like other neuroendocrine factors, is involved in the neuroendocrine cascade of delivery. Timing and mode of delivery may exert BDNF-induced effects on the cerebral function of newborns and their mothers.
Early postnatal life as a critical time window for determination of long-term metabolic health.; Epidemiological studies demonstrated a clear phenomenological association between low birth weight and increased cardiometabolic risk later in life, very similar to that in high birth weight subjects. Pre- and/or neonatal overfeeding appears to be an etiological clue. In animal studies, irrespective of birth weight neonatal over-nutrition leads to later overweight, impaired glucose tolerance and cardiometabolic alterations. Probably, perinatally acquired alterations of DNA methylation patterns of gene promoters of central nervous regulators of body weight and metabolism play a key role in mediating these relationships. In humans, the long-term impact of neonatal nutrition is conclusively demonstrated by studies on the consequences of breastfeeding vs. formula-feeding. Taken together, the quantity and quality of nutrition during neonatal life plays a critical role, beyond prenatal development, in the long-term programming of health and disease. This opens a variety of opportunities and challenges to primarily prevent chronic diseases, e.g. the metabolic syndrome.
Peripartum cardiac chest pain and troponin rise.; The incidence of myocardial ischaemia is increasing in the obstetric population. This has been attributed to several factors including greater maternal age, the increasing incidence of obesity and diabetes, and the growing population of patients with grown-up congenital heart disease who now reach adulthood and become pregnant. A number of cases of myocardial ischaemia in pregnant women have been documented, during and after delivery, for which no cause has been established. We present a case of a nulliparous woman who developed cardiac chest pain, bradycardia, hypertension and a raised troponin I after vaginal delivery of twin boys at 36 weeks of gestation. Ischaemic electrocardiogram changes were noted. Detailed investigations demonstrated a normal coronary circulation. A patent foramen ovale was found on bubble echocardiography.
Prevalence of long term metabolic, cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and renal disease in patients with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy remote from pregnancy (POMCH).; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with an increased risk of long-term cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, and adverse renal outcomes. Biomarkers including soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 (sFlt1), placental growth factor (PlGF) are predictive of the development of preeclampsia. Their long-term value in predicting which women will develop cardiovascular complications remote from pregnancy is not yet established. OBJECTIVES: To determine the prevalence and incidence of Cardio-renal-metabolic outcomes at 10 years follow-up in a cohort of women screened for suspected preeclampsia from 2008 to 2009 and assess the relationship between pregnancy biomarkers and long-term outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of 117 women. Outcomes were assessed by auditing medical records. The primary outcome was the prevalence of cardiovascular, cerebrovascular, metabolic and renal outcomes at 10 years remote from the diagnosis of HDP. The secondary outcome was to assess the relationship of the remote from pregnancy outcomes to biomarkers (sFlt1, PlGF, soluble endoglin (sEng) and neutrophil gelatinase associated lipocalin (NGAL)) taken at the time of pregnancy comparing the results of those with adverse outcomes compared to those without. RESULTS: There was a 12.7% prevalence of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease, 44.4% prevalence of hypertension, 20.6% prevalence of chronic kidney disease and 17.5% prevalence of diabetes. Women who developed preeclampsia had an increased prevalence and incidence of adverse outcomes compared to women without preeclampsia. There was a weak relationship between sENg measured at the time of clinical suspicion of preeclampsia and the adverse outcomes 144 (139-146) months remote from pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Biomarkers taken at the time of pregnancy did not accurately predict the long-term adverse cardiometabolic outcomes.
Fetal Pulmonary Vein Pulsatility Index in the Third Trimester of Pregnancy as a Predictor of Small for Gestational Age.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to establish whether the increased fetal pulmonary venous pulsatility index (PVPI) in late pregnancy can independently predict small for gestational age (SGA) and to verify its cut point value and efficacy. METHOD: The PVPI was measured in women with singleton pregnancies between 25 and 39 gestational weeks. Maternal hypertension and diabetes, estimated fetal weight (EFW) and percentile of the corresponding weeks of pregnancy (USG_PER), gestational weeks at delivery, and birth weight and percentile of the corresponding weeks of pregnancy (BABY_PER) were reviewed. To assess whether PVPI was independently correlated with BABY_PER, Pearson's correlation analysis was performed. The cut point value of PVPI for the prediction of SGA was established using a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. RESULTS: A total of 129 mothers were included in this study. Both USG_PER and PVPI were significantly related to SGA, independently (P <.001 and P = .004, respectively). The cut point value of PVPI was found to be 1.13. The AUCs of PVPI and USG_PER were not significantly different (P = .624). The sensitivity of PVPI was 70.27%, and the specificity was 92.39%. CONCLUSION: PVPI could predict SGA independently, and the efficacy was comparable to EFW during pregnancy.
[Long-term consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome].; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common chronic endocrine disease in women. The prevailing complaints at a young age are menstrual irregularities, infertility, and hyperandrogenism-related problems. However, metabolic disorder-induced complications have been in the foreground over years. The review gives the current ideas on a change of clinical manifestations in the natural course of PCOS, as well as the pathogenetically grounded prevention of complications in patients.
Fetal fraction of cell-free DNA in noninvasive prenatal testing and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a nationwide retrospective cohort study of 56,110 pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Noninvasive prenatal testing by cell-free DNA analysis is offered to pregnant women worldwide to screen for fetal aneuploidies. In noninvasive prenatal testing, the fetal fraction of cell-free DNA in the maternal circulation is measured as a quality control parameter. Given that fetal cell-free DNA originates from the placenta, the fetal fraction might also reflect placental health and maternal pregnancy adaptation. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the association between the fetal fraction and adverse pregnancy outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a retrospective cohort study of women with singleton pregnancies opting for noninvasive prenatal testing between June 2018 and June 2019 within the Dutch nationwide implementation study (Trial by Dutch Laboratories for Evaluation of Non-Invasive Prenatal Testing [TRIDENT]-2). Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to assess associations between fetal fraction and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Fetal fraction was assessed as a continuous variable and as <10th percentile, corresponding to a fetal fraction <2.5%. RESULTS: The cohort comprised 56,110 pregnancies. In the analysis of fetal fraction as a continuous variable, a decrease in fetal fraction was associated with increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 2.27 [95% confidence interval, 1.89-2.78]), small for gestational age neonates <10th percentile (adjusted odds ratio, 1.37 [1.28-1.45]) and <2.3rd percentile (adjusted odds ratio, 2.63 [1.96-3.57]), and spontaneous preterm birth from 24 to 37 weeks of gestation (adjusted odds ratio, 1.02 [1.01-1.03]). No association was found for fetal congenital anomalies (adjusted odds ratio, 1.02 [1.00-1.04]), stillbirth (adjusted odds ratio, 1.02 [0.96-1.08]), or neonatal death (adjusted odds ratio, 1.02 [0.96-1.08]). Similar associations were found for adverse pregnancy outcomes when fetal fraction was <10th percentile. CONCLUSION: In early pregnancy, a low fetal fraction is associated with increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. These findings can be used to expand the potential of noninvasive prenatal testing in the future, enabling the prediction of pregnancy complications and facilitating tailored pregnancy management through intensified monitoring or preventive measures.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy complicated by hypertension and seizures.; A case is presented of a primigravida with transient diabetes insipidus, gestational hypertension, and multiple seizures resistant to magnesium sulfate and diazepam. After addition of phenytoin, no further seizures occurred. Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy has been previously associated with hypertension, liver dysfunction, and fetal distress. Considered with previous cases, it is suggested that seizures may frequently be part of this syndrome.
Incidence of type 2 diabetes after bariatric surgery: population-based matched cohort study.; BACKGROUND: The effect of currently used bariatric surgical procedures on the development of diabetes in obese people is not well defined. We aimed to assess the effect of bariatric surgery on development of type 2 diabetes in a large population of obese individuals. METHODS: We did a matched cohort study of adults (age 20–100 years) identified from a UK-wide database of family practices, who were obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m2) and did not have diabetes. We enrolled 2167 patients who had undergone bariatric surgery between Jan 1, 2002, and April 30, 2014, and matched them--according to BMI, age, sex, index year, and HbA1c--with 2167 controls who had not had surgery. Procedures included laparoscopic gastric banding (n=1053), gastric bypass (795), and sleeve gastrectomy (317), with two procedures undefined. The primary outcome was development of clinical diabetes, which we extracted from electronic health records. Analyses were adjusted for matching variables, comorbidity, cardiovascular risk factors, and use of antihypertensive and lipid-lowering drugs. FINDINGS: During a maximum of 7 years of follow-up (median 2·8 years [IQR 1·3–4·5]), 38 new diagnoses of diabetes were made in bariatric surgery patients and 177 were made in controls. By the end of 7 years of follow-up, 4·3% (95% CI 2·9–6·5) of bariatric surgery patients and 16·2% (13·3–19·6) of matched controls had developed diabetes. The incidence of diabetes diagnosis was 28·2 (95% CI 24·4–32·7) per 1000 person-years in controls and 5·7 (4·2–7·8) per 1000 person-years in bariatric surgery patients; the adjusted hazard ratio was 0·20 (95% CI 0·13–0·30, p<0·0001). This estimate was robust after varying the comparison group in sensitivity analyses, excluding gestational diabetes, or allowing for competing mortality risk. INTERPRETATION: Bariatric surgery is associated with reduced incidence of clinical diabetes in obese participants without diabetes at baseline for up to 7 years after the procedure. FUNDING: UK National Institute for Health Research.
Racial differences by gestational age in neonatal deaths attributable to congenital heart defects --- United States, 2003-2006.; Congenital heart defects are diagnosed in approximately 1% of births in the United States and account for the largest proportion of infant mortality attributable to birth defects. Congenital heart defects are multifactorial in origin and have several recognized genetic causes (e.g., DiGeorge and Williams-Beuren syndromes) and noninherited risk factors (e.g., maternal pregestational diabetes and rubella infection). Approximately 70% of infant deaths attributable to congenital heart defects occur neonatally (age <28 days). U.S. studies have shown that all-cause neonatal mortality rates are higher among term infants of black mothers compared with white mothers, but lower among preterm infants of black mothers compared with white mothers. To assess neonatal mortality attributable to congenital heart defects by maternal race and gestational age, CDC analyzed linked U.S. birth and infant death data for 2003--2006. This report summarizes the results of that analysis, which found that 4.2% of all neonatal deaths and 24.5% of neonatal deaths attributable to birth defects had a congenital heart defect noted as the underlying cause. Among preterm births (<37 completed weeks' gestation), neonatal mortality rates attributable to congenital heart defects were lower for blacks (4.5 per 10,000 live births) compared with whites (6.8). However, among term births (≥37 completed weeks' gestation), neonatal mortality rates attributable to congenital heart defects were higher for blacks (1.5 per 10,000 live births) than for whites (1.3). The reasons for these racial differences by gestational age are unclear and will require further examination, including assessment of differences in prenatal diagnosis and prevalence at birth of congenital heart defects, and reporting of causes of death.
Hypothyroidism in First-Degree Relatives of Neonates with Congenital Hypothyroidism: Is there an Association?; BACKGROUND: Recent studies have shown an increased incidence of congenital hypothyroidism (CH), especially in the middle-east region. The exact etiology is unknown; however, it has been related to several factors, the most noticeable being the high prevalence of transient CH (TCH), parental consanguinity, and the history of hypothyroidism in relatives. We sought to determine the impact of hypothyroidism in the relatives of patients with the observed trend. METHODS: We included all patients with primary CH detected through the Newborn Screening (NBS) Program from 2007 to 2016. We analyzed the impact of consanguinity relationship, parental and siblings' thyroid function, second-degree relatives' thyroid function, parental educational level, age, and maternal gestational diabetes on the development of permanent CH (PCH) and TCH. RESULTS: A total of 1447 consecutive eligible patients were recruited during the study period. Of this number, 1171 (81%) were diagnosed with CH: 623 (53.2%) had PCH and 548 (46.8%) had TCH. Six hundred thirty-three (54.1%) participants were men, and 814 (69.5%) had a history of relatives' hypothyroidism. Our data analysis revealed a significant difference regarding the male gender, having a history of relatives' hypothyroidism, and parental hypothyroidism compared to TCH ones (P < 0.05). Patients with a history of relatives' hypothyroidism had significantly higher PCH than TCH (P < 0.0001). However, consanguineous marriage was not comparable in patients regardless of their history of relatives' hypothyroidism (P-value >0.884). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicated the role of the history of hypothyroidism in neonates' relatives in the evolution of the PCH. Meanwhile, consanguineous marriage did not impress the development of PCH and TCH.
The effect of hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy towards multi-organ complications and its early outcome at a Malaysian district hospital.; INTRODUCTION: Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) is a clinically defined syndrome of disturbed neurologic function in the newborn with evidence of perinatal asphyxia. Stages of HIE are categorised into mild, moderate or severe based on the Sarnat classification. Neurological dysfunction constitutes a part of the wide spectrum of hypoxic ischemic insult as affected infants can have co-existing multi-organ dysfunction which further contributes to morbidities and mortality. This study aims to determine the relationship between the severity of HIE with multi-organ complications and early clinical outcomes. MATERIALS AND METHODS: All neonates who were admitted to the NICU at Hospital Sultan Abdul Halim between January 2018 to December 2022, who fulfilled the inclusion criteria were included. Demographic data, clinical course and investigation results were retrospectively obtained from the medical records. RESULTS: From a total of 90 infants (n = 90) who fulfilled our inclusion criteria, 31 (34%) were mild, 31 (34%) were moderate and 28 (31%) were severe HIE. The mean maternal age was 27 years. Common antenatal issues include diabetes mellitus (37.8%) and anaemia (22.2%). The Apgar scores at 1 and 5 minutes, initial resuscitation requiring intubation, chest compression and adrenaline were associated with higher severity of HIE (p < 0.05). Coagulation dysfunction was the most common complication (79.7%), followed by respiratory dysfunction (33.3%), cardiac dysfunction (28.9%), renal dysfunction (16.1%), haematological dysfunction (15.6%) and hepatic dysfunction (12%). Respiratory and haematological dysfunctions were significantly associated with higher mortality (p < 0.05). There was a significant longer hospital stay (p = 0.023), longer duration of ventilation (p < 0.001) and increase in frequency of seizures (p < 0.001) when comparing moderate and severe HIE patients to mild HIE patients. With increasing severity of HIE, there was also statistically significant higher mortality (p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: There is a significant relationship between multiorgan dysfunction, the severity of HIE and mortality. Early anticipation of multi-organ injury is crucial for optimal early management which would reduce the mortality and improve the neurological outcome of the patients.
ICA69 is expressed equally in the human endocrine and exocrine pancreas.; Islet cell autoantigen 69 kDa (ICA69) has been reported as a polypeptide antigen expressed in pancreatic beta cells, and autoimmunity against this antigen has been associated with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. We have studied the cell type specificity and ontogeny of ICA69 gene expression in man. The ICA69 gene was expressed in all adult human tissues. The level of expression was three-to five-times higher in the pancreas than in the brain, liver, intestine, kidney, spleen, lung or adrenal glands. Pancreatic ICA69 expression increased with age, adult levels being five times higher than the levels present at 13 weeks of gestation. Total RNA from four separate preparations of isolated human islets revealed levels of ICA69 mRNA similar to those found in the pancreas as a whole, although another islet antigen, glutamic acid decarboxylase 65, was highly enriched in the islets. In situ hybridization and immunohistochemical staining of sections of the fetal and adult pancreas revealed expression of the ICA69 gene and protein throughout the acinar, ductal, and islet tissue, but not in the mesenchyme. Analysis of ICA69 mRNA levels in human cell lines indicated expression in neural, endothelial and epithelial cells, but not in fibroblasts. In conclusion, ICA69, although highest in the pancreas, is widely distributed in other human tissues, excluding connective tissue. Within the human pancreas, ICA69 is not enriched in the islets or in the beta cells.
Retracted: Correlation of Platelet Function with Postpartum Hemorrhage and Venous Thromboembolism in Patients with Gestational Hypertension Complicated with Diabetes.; [This retracts the article DOI: 10.1155/2022/2423333.].
Maternal and fetal outcomes of urolithiasis: A retrospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: Although urolithiasis is relatively common in the general population, there is limited information on this condition available in the pregnant population. The objectives of this study are to identify the incidence of urolithiasis in pregnancy, as well as to compare maternal and fetal outcomes associated with urolithiasis in pregnancy. METHODS: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from the United States, a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of pregnant women who delivered between 1999 and 2015 was conducted. ICD-9-CM code 592.X was used to identify pregnant women with urolithiasis within the cohort, with pregnant women without urolithiasis forming the comparison group. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to estimate the associations between urolithiasis in pregnancy and maternal and neonatal outcomes, while adjusting for baseline maternal characteristics. RESULTS: A cohort of 13,792,544 pregnant women was identified, of which 11,528 had a urolithiasis-related admission during pregnancy, for an overall incidence of 8.3 per 10,000 pregnancies. Women with urolithiasis had a greater risk of developing preeclampsia/eclampsia, OR 1.35(95% CI 1.24-1.47), gestational diabetes, 1.29(1.20-1.30), abruptio placenta, 1.41(1.22-1.64), placenta previa, 1.55(1.27-1.90), pyelonephritis, 88.87(81.69-96.69), venous thromboembolism, 1.65(1.23-2.22), and more likely to deliver by cesarean, 1.20(1.15-1.25). As well, maternal death was more common among these women, 2.85(1.07-7.60). Congenital anomalies, 2.84(2.43-3.31) and prematurity, 1.92(1.82-2.03) were more commonly found among babies born to women with urolithiasis. CONCLUSION: Although the mechanism is unclear, women with urolithiasis in pregnancy have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy and newborn outcomes.
[Hypercoagulation states].; Hypercoagulability is a condition where as a result of certain pathological changes in the blood inadequate cumulation of thrombocytes or fibrin occurs which finally can lead to arterial or venous thrombosis, depending on vascular wall damage. In the submitted review the authors analyze the most important inborn and acquired causes of hypercoagulation states. As to inborn causes, deficiens of natural anticoagulation proteins (antithrombin III, protein C, protein S) are most important as well as dysfibrinogenaemia, impaired fibrinolysis associated with deficiency of natural activators of fibrinolysis or increased activity of their inhibitors and homocystinuria. The most frequent acquired causes of hypercoagulation states are the presence of anticardiolipin antibodies ("lupus anticoagulans"), pregnancy, the use of oral contraceptives, malignity, nephrotic syndrome, postoperative conditions, diabetes mellitus and some other diseases.
Divergent associations of height with cardiometabolic disease and cancer: epidemiology, pathophysiology, and global implications.; Among chronic non-communicable diseases, cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are the most important causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although high BMI and waist circumference, as estimates of total and abdominal fat mass, are now accepted as predictors of the increasing incidence of these diseases, adult height, which also predicts mortality, has been neglected. Interestingly, increasing evidence suggests that height is associated with lower cardiometabolic risk, but higher cancer risk, associations supported by mendelian randomisation studies. Understanding the complex epidemiology, biology, and pathophysiology related to height, and its association with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer, is becoming even more important because average adult height has increased substantially in many countries during recent generations. Among the mechanisms driving the increase in height and linking height with cardiometabolic diseases and cancer are insulin and insulin-like growth factor signalling pathways. These pathways are thought to be activated by overnutrition, especially increased intake of milk, dairy products, and other animal proteins during different stages of child development. Limiting overnutrition during pregnancy, early childhood, and puberty would avoid not only obesity, but also accelerated growth in children-and thus might reduce risk of cancer in adulthood.
Prenatal Exercise and Cardiovascular Health (PEACH) Study: Impact on Muscle Sympathetic Nerve (Re)Activity.; PURPOSE: Women who develop gestational hypertension have evidence of elevated muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) in early pregnancy, which continues to rise after diagnosis. Exercise has been shown to play a preventative role in the development of gestational hypertension and has been shown to reduce resting and reflex MSNA in nonpregnant populations. We sought to investigate whether aerobic exercise affected the sympathetic regulation of blood pressure between the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. METHODS: We conducted a randomized controlled trial of structured aerobic exercise (n = 31) compared with no intervention (control, n = 28) beginning at 16-20 wk and continuing until 34-36 wk of gestation (NCT02948439). Women in the exercise group were prescribed aerobic activity at 50%-70% of their heart rate reserve, on 3-4 d·wk-1 for 25-40 min with a 5-min warm-up and 5-min cool-down (i.e., up to 160 min total activity per week). At preintervention and postintervention assessments, data from ~10 min of quiet rest and a 3-min cold pressor test were analyzed to determine sympathetic nervous system activity and reactivity. RESULTS: MSNA was obtained in 51% of assessments. Resting MSNA burst frequency and burst incidence increased across gestation (main effect of gestational age, P = 0.002). Neurovascular transduction was blunted in the control group (P = 0.024) but not in exercisers (P = 0.873) at the postintervention time point. Lastly, MSNA reactivity during the cold pressor test was not affected by gestational age or exercise (P = 0.790, interaction). CONCLUSIONS: These data show that exercise attenuates both the rise in MSNA and the blunting of neurovascular transduction. This may partially explain the lower risk of developing gestational hypertension in women who are active during their pregnancies.
Periconceptional tobacco smoking and isolated congenital heart defects in the neonatal period.; BACKGROUND: Tobacco use in pregnancy is considered a human developmental toxicant and potential teratogen. The aim of the study was to test for a possible association between periconceptional tobacco smoking and congenital heart disease (CHD) in the neonatal period. METHODS: Maternal and infant characteristics of 157 neonates diagnosed with CHD at the University of Patras Medical School were collected and were compared with 208 normal neonates (aged 1-28 days) that were referred for echocardiography during a specified 3-year period. RESULTS: In neonates with CHD 64 of 157 mothers (40.8%) reported smoking in pregnancy, whereas in the control group 41 of 208 mothers (19.7%) were smokers (p=0.000). Logistic regression analysis with pregestational diabetes, history of influenza-like illness in the first trimester, therapeutic drug exposure in pregnancy, maternal age, parity, family history of CHD, infant gender, prematurity and paternal smoking, as potential confounding factors showed that periconceptional tobacco smoking was associated with increased risk of CHD in the offspring (OR=2.750, 95% CI=1.659-4.476, p=0.00001). The incidence of neonatal heart disease in women who were non-smokers or smoked 1-10 and ≥11 cigarettes per day increased with the level of fetal tobacco exposure (35.8% versus 55.3% versus 64.3%, x2-test=20.303, p=0.000), suggesting a dose effect. CONCLUSIONS: The results of the study are indicative of an association between periconceptional tobacco exposure and increased risk of CHD in the neonatal period. The potential role of gestational smoking as a risk factor for specific heart defect subgroups requires the conduction of large population based epidemiological studies.
Depression during pregnancy in women with a medical disorder: risk factors and perinatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Approximately one-fifth of women present depression during pregnancy and puerperium, and almost 13% of pregnant women experience a major depressive disorder. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to identify risk factors for depression among pregnant women with a medical disorder and to evaluate the influence of depression on perinatal outcomes. METHODS: Three hundred and twenty-six pregnant women with a medical disorder were interviewed. A semistructured interview was conducted for each participant using a questionnaire that had been developed previously. Major depression was diagnosed using the Portuguese version of the Primary Care Evaluation of Mental Disorders (PRIME-MD). The medical records of the participants were thoroughly reviewed to evaluate the perinatal results. RESULTS: Major depressive disorder was diagnosed in 29 cases (9.0%). The prevalence of major depression was as follows: 7.1% for preeclampsia or chronic hypertension, 12.1% for cardiac disorder, 7.1% for diabetes mellitus, 6.3% for maternal anemia, 8.3% for collagenosis and 12.5% for a high risk of premature delivery. An univariate analysis showed a significant positive correlation between an average household income below minimum wage and a PRIME-MD diagnosis of major depression. A multiple regression analysis identified unplanned pregnancy as an independent predictor of major depression (86.2% in the group with a diagnosis of major depression by PRIME-MD vs. 68.4% in the group without major depression). A comparison between women who presented major depression and those who did not revealed no significant differences in the perinatal results (i.e., preterm delivery, birth weight and low Apgar scores). CONCLUSION: In the present study, unplanned pregnancy in women with a medical disorder was identified as a risk factor for major depression during gestation. Major depression during pregnancy in women with a medical disorder should be routinely investigated using specific methods.
Evaluation of diagnostic accuracy of portable echocardiography in newborns.; OBJECTIVE: Congenital heart disease is the most common life-threatening anomaly in the neonatal period. Screening for this disease with portable echocardiography is crucial to diagnose in the early period, and it has benefits in saving time and decreasing the cost. Portable echocardiography has advantages of rapid access and lower costs and also has advantage that in intensive care units there is no necessity to move patients. With these advantages, it is aimed to compare the sensitivity of portable echocardiography comparing to standard echocardiography. METHODS: In this study, the portable echocardiography results of the sequentially enrolled newborns hospitalized in the neonatal departments are revised. Portable echocardiography results were verified with standard echocardiography in 83 (43%) female and 111 (57%) male patients. This study was planned as a study on diagnostic accuracy. RESULTS: The gestational periods were between 24 weeks, 3 days and 42 weeks (average 35 weeks±4 weeks 3 days). Birth weights were between 500 and 4850 grams (average 2370±936 grams). The reason that portable echocardiography had been studied was murmur in 113 (58.2%) patients, cyanosis in 47 (24.2%) patients, prenatal anomaly in 12 (6.2%) patients, bradycardia in 12 (6.2%) patients, maternal diabetes in 6 (3.1%) patients and respiratory distress in 4 (2.1%) patients. Out of 194 patients 8 (4.1%) had differences between standard and portable echocardiography. Compared to standard echocardiography, portable echocardiography has the sensitivity values ranged between 99.3-100% and the specificity values ranged between 90.9-100% in diagnosis of specific CHD anomalies. Positive predictive value was between 50-100% whereas negative predictive value was between 97.9-100%. The agreement between results of two tests was determined as very good - kappa 0.886, 95%CI -0.821-0.951, p<0.0001. CONCLUSION: It is demonstrated that portable echocardiography has a high sensitivity especially diagnosing major heart defects, and with advantages of rapid access and lower costs it is estimated that increasing usage of portable echocardiography could be beneficial.
Periodontal disease and its impact on general health in Latin America. Section V: Treatment of periodontitis.; Gingivitis and periodontitis are associated with a negative impact on Oral Health Related Quality of Life (OHRQoL), exerting a significant influence on aspects related to the patients' function and esthetics. Periodontitis has been associated with several systemic conditions, including adverse pregnancy outcomes, cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), respiratory disorders, fatal pneumonia in hemodialysis patients, chronic renal disease and metabolic syndrome. The aim of this paper was to review the results of different periodontal treatments and their impacts on patients' OHRQoL and systemic health. Non-surgical and surgical periodontal treatments are predictable procedures in terms of controlling infection, reducing probing pocket depth and gaining clinical attachment. In addition, the treatment of periodontitis may significantly improve OHRQoL and promote a reduction in the levels of systemic markers of inflammation, including some cytokines associated with cardiovascular diseases. Studies have also suggested that periodontal treatment may improve glycemic control in patients with DM. Strategies and actions for preventing the onset and recurrence of periodontitis, and the challenges facing the field of periodontology in the XXI century are presented in this review.
The developmental origins of adult disease.; Epidemiological and clinical observations have led to the hypothesis that the risk of developing some chronic diseases in adulthood is influenced not only by genetic and adult lifestyle factors, but also by environmental factors acting in early life. These factors act through the processes of developmental plasticity and possibly epigenetic modification, and can be distinguished from developmental disruption. The concept of predictive adaptation has been developed to explain the relationship between early life events and the risk of later disease. At its base, the model suggests that a mismatch between fetal expectation of its postnatal environment and actual postnatal environment contribute to later adult disease risk. This mismatch is exacerbated, in part, by the phenomenon of "maternal constraint" on fetal growth, which implicitly provides an upper limit of postnatal nutritional environment that humans have adapted for and is now frequently exceeded. These experimental, clinical and conceptual considerations have important implications for prevention and intervention in the current epidemic of childhood obesity and adult metabolic and cardiovascular disorders.
Fetal, infant, and childhood growth are predictors of coronary heart disease, diabetes, and hypertension in adult men and women.; Many human fetuses have to adapt to a limited supply of nutrients. In doing so they permanently change their structure and metabolism. These programmed changes may be the origins of a number of diseases in later life, including coronary heart disease, hypertension, and noninsulin- dependent diabetes. We review epidemiologic studies in which the incidence of these diseases has been related to the recorded, early growth of individuals, while considering factors in the adult lifestyle, such as obesity and socioeconomic status. We discuss possible mechanisms. For hypertension these mechanisms include placentation, maternal blood pressure, fetal undernutrition; childhood growth, activation of the renin-angiotensin system, renal structure, programming of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, vascular structure, and sympathetic nervous activity. For noninsulin-dependent diabetes we discuss mechanisms concerning both insulin resistance and insulin deficiency. We include a review of evidence for the programming of serum cholesterol and clotting factor concentrations. We address the timing of critical windows for coronary heart disease, reviewing studies that allow assessment of the relative importance of fetal, infant, and childhood growth. We argue for a research strategy that combines clinical, animal, and epidemiological studies.
Estimation of 10-Year Cardiovascular Disease Risk in the Portuguese Population Using the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation 2 (SCORE2).; Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death globally. The objective of this study was to estimate the 10-year cardiovascular risk in the Portuguese population using the new Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation 2. Data from the first National Health Examination Survey from 2015 were used. Inclusion criteria were age between 40 and 69 years, absence of pregnancy, available information on sex, age, smoking status, systolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Participants who had an acute myocardial infarction or a stroke, had diabetes, chronic kidney disease, or reported taking medication for these conditions were excluded from the analysis. The prevalence of high and very high cardiovascular risk was stratified by sex, age group, marital status, education level, occupational activity, degree of urbanization of the area of residence, health region, and income quintile. The sample consisted of 2817 individuals. In Portugal, in 2015, 36.7% (95% CI: 34.2 - 39.3) and 6.1% (95% CI: 4.8 - 7.4) of the individuals aged between 40 and 69 years had a high and a very high risk of having a cardiovascular disease in the following 10 years, respectively. In 2015, there was a high percentage (42.8%) of the Portuguese population aged 40 to 69 years in high or very high risk of developing cardiovascular disease (fatal and non-fatal) in the following 10 years. A possible explanation may be the high prevalence of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in Portugal.
[Twin pregnancy with single fetal death: etiology, management and outcome].; INTRODUCTION: Intra-uterine fetal death (IUFD) of one twin is a relatively frequent complication of twin pregnancy. Prognosis of the surviving twin seems to be the main problem. Management is not consensual and suffers from the lack of guidelines. OBJECTIVES: To report the main involved etiologies, assess the surviving co-twin outcome and discuss strategies of management. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Retrospective study of 33 twin pregnancies complicated by single intrauterine fetal death after 26 weeks of gestation, admitted in the department "A" of obstetrics and gynecology of the Tunisian center of maternity and neonatalogy from January 2000 to October 2008. RESULTS: Prevalence was 2.98%. Chorionicity was precised for 28 GG; 67.9% (n=19) were bichorionic (BC) and 32.1% (n=9) monochorionic (MC). The mean gestational age at the time of fetal death diagnosis was 31 weeks+2 days. Main involved pathologies in case of BC pregnancy were: intrauterine growth restriction (36.8%), pre-eclampsia (21%) and gestational diabetes (15.8%) and in case of MC pregnancy: twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (44.4%). Prematurity rate was 85.2%. IUFD of the second twin occurred in one case and neonatal death in six cases. Tranfontanellar ultrasound on the seventh day of life found cerebral abnormalities in six liveborns. CONCLUSION: Surviving co-twin prognosis was mainly compromised by prematurity and its consequences.
Quantitative research of capillaries in terminal villi of mature placentae.; Advanced maternal age is known to be a risk factor for placental dysfunctions. The most common obstetric complications among older women would be considered as follows: gestational diabetes; pre-eclampsia; placenta praevia; preterm premature rupture of membranes and the risk of preterm delivery. The aims of research were to determine the impact of maternal age on the structure of terminal villi. The study was conducted on 60 human placentae of term pregnancy divided into two groups: the control group (30 placentae in pregnant women of age between 20 and 34) and the experimental group (30 placentae in pregnant women of 35 years of age and older). Stereological methods were applied to determine the volume density, surface density, total volume and total capillary surface area in terminal villi of placenta. The mean value of volume density of capillaries in terminal villi of placentae in older pregnant women is: Vvkks = (0,376 +/- 0,033) mm(0), and the mean value of total volume is: Vkks = (157,047 +/- 25,022) cm(3). The mean value of surface density is: Svkks = (64,783 +/- 2,543) mm(-1), and the mean value of total surface area is: Skks = (29,959 +/- 7,873) m(2). Volume density of capillaries in terminal villi of placentae is significantly lower in older pregnant women (p<0.001) in comparison to the younger pregnant women. The total volume, surface density and total capillary surface area in terminal villi of placentae are also significantly lower in older pregnant women (p<0.005) in comparison to the younger pregnant women. Statistically significant lower values of volume density, total volume, surface density and total capillary surface area indicate that there is a decreased metabolic transfer between mother and foetus.
The thrifty phenotype hypothesis revisited.; Twenty years ago, Hales and Barker along with their co-workers published some of their pioneering papers proposing the 'thrifty phenotype hypothesis' in Diabetologia (4;35:595-601 and 3;36:62-67). Their postulate that fetal programming could represent an important player in the origin of type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease (CVD) was met with great scepticism.More recently, their observations have been confirmed and expanded in many epidemiological and animal experimental studies, and human integrative physiological studies have provided insights into some of the underlying molecular mechanisms. Type 2 diabetes is a multiple-organ disease, and developmental programming, with its idea of organ plasticity, is a plausible hypothesis for a common basis for the widespread organ dysfunctions in type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. Only two among the 45 known type 2 diabetes susceptibility genes are associated with low birthweight, indicating that the association between low birthweight and type 2 diabetes is mainly non-genetic. Prevention programmes targeting adult lifestyle factors seems unable to stop the global propagation of type 2 diabetes, and intensive glucose control is inadequate to reduce the excess CVD mortality in type 2 diabetic patients. Today, the thrifty phenotype hypothesis has been established as a promising conceptual framework for a more sustainable intergenerational prevention of type 2 diabetes.
Abnormal findings in fetal echocardiography and maternal disease: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Congenital cardiovascular malformation is the most common group of birth defects. Fetal echocardiography is highly sensitive and specific in the diagnosis of congenital heart disease in low- and high-risk populations. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess abnormal findings in fetal echocardiography and maternal disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This cross-sectional study was performed on 114 pregnant women referred to Afshar hospital, Yazd, Iran from October 2016 to March 2017. All pregnant women underwent fetal echocardiography through fetal heart screening protocol, which is administered by the international society of ultrasound in obstetrics and gynecology guidelines. Data collected included referral cause, gestational age, maternal age, gravida, and final diagnosis after an accurate fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: The mean gestational age was 20 wk. The most common referral cause of pregnant women included diabetes (36.8%), fetal arrhythmia (14%), high maternal age (7%), and echogenic focus on ultrasound (6.1%). The most common postpartum findings were normal (68.4%), cardiac abnormalities (17.6%), and arrhythmias (14%). In postnatal echocardiography, the results were consistent with fetal echocardiography except in 2 women. CONCLUSION: This study showed that fetal echocardiography can be used in the early diagnosis and treatment of congenital heart diseases.
Fetal renal structure and the genesis of amniotic fluid disorders.; Newborn recipient twins in the transplacental transfusion syndrome have dilated renal tubules, enlarged bladders and an increased urinary output in the early neonatal period, suggesting that increased fetal micturition is responsible for hydramnios in the syndrome. There is the possibility that such micturition contributes to hydramnios in other disorders as well. In the present study, renal tubules were found to be dilated in single-born infants with a diverse group of disorders having hydramnios as a common feature. Many of the neonates had hypoplastic lungs, an abnormality whose role in the hydramnios is undetermined. Renal tubular lumina were of normal size in neonates associated with oligohydramnios due to chronic leak of amniotic fluid. Donor members of parabiotic transplacental transfusion pairs had contracted renal tubules which helps to explain their oligohydramnios.
Recent advances in endothelial colony-forming cells: from the transcriptomic perspective.; Endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs) are progenitors of endothelial cells with significant proliferative and angiogenic ability. ECFCs are a promising treatment option for various diseases, such as ischemic heart disease and peripheral artery disease. However, some barriers hinder the clinical application of ECFC therapeutics. One of the current obstacles is that ECFCs are dysfunctional due to the underlying disease states. ECFCs exhibit dysfunctional phenotypes in pathologic states, which include but are not limited to the following: premature neonates and pregnancy-related diseases, diabetes mellitus, cancers, haematological system diseases, hypoxia, pulmonary arterial hypertension, coronary artery diseases, and other vascular diseases. Besides, ECFCs are heterogeneous among donors, tissue sources, and within cell subpopulations. Therefore, it is important to elucidate the underlying mechanisms of ECFC dysfunction and characterize their heterogeneity to enable clinical application. In this review, we summarize the current and potential application of transcriptomic analysis in the field of ECFC biology. Transcriptomic analysis is a powerful tool for exploring the key molecules and pathways involved in health and disease and can be used to characterize ECFC heterogeneity.
Trends in and Outcomes of Deliveries Complicated by Cystic Fibrosis.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize current trends and outcomes in pregnancies complicated by cystic fibrosis (CF) that resulted in delivery. METHODS: This repeated cross-sectional study used the U.S. National Inpatient Sample to identify delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF between 2000 and 2019. Trends in delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF were assessed using joinpoint regression to determine the average annual percent change (AAPC). The risk of adverse maternal and obstetric outcomes was compared between patients with and without CF using adjusted logistic regression models accounting for demographic, clinical, and hospital characteristics, with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs as measures of association. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions such as pregestational diabetes was analyzed over time. RESULTS: From 2000 to 2019, the prevalence of CF at delivery increased from 2.1 to 10.4 per 100,000 deliveries (AAPC 6.7%, 95% CI 5.7-8.2%). The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions increased from 18.0% to 37.3% (AAPC 3.1%, 95% CI 1.0-5.3%). Patients with CF were more likely to experience severe maternal morbidity (aOR 2.61, 95% CI 1.71-3.97), respiratory complications (aOR 17.45, 95% CI 11.85-25.68), venous thromboembolism (aOR 3.59, 95% CI 1.33-9.69), preterm delivery (aOR 2.15, 95% CI 1.79-2.59), abruption and antepartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.10-2.41), and gestational diabetes (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 2.47-3.70). CONCLUSION: Although still infrequent (approximately 1 in 10,000), deliveries complicated by CF increased approximately fivefold over the study period. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions is increasing. Patients with CF are at increased risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes.
Reference Interval of Soluble FMS‑like Tyrosine Kinase‑1 in Non-Pregnant and Pregnant Females: A Novel Biomarker for Pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the reference interval of soluble FMS-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFIt-1) in healthy, non-pregnant and pregnant females. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study. Place and Duration of the Study: Department of Chemical Pathology, Chughtai Institute of Pathology, Lahore, from January to May 2023. METHODOLOGY: Blood samples were collected from 120 disease-free non-pregnant females of reproductive age group and 120 disease-free pregnant females with singleton fetuses from 15 to 28 weeks of gestational age. Healthy reference individuals were selected by correlating history with medical disorders like diabetes mellitus, hypertension, autoimmune diseases, inherited disorders, and by excluding any other drug history. All findings were recorded on health screening questionnaire. Levels of sFlt-1 were measured by a fully automated immunoassay analyser Cobas e601. Kolmogorov-Smirnov test was applied. The value of p <0.05 was considered significant. The 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles were computed at 90% CI by using the formula 0.025x (n+1) and 0.975x (n+1) which corresponded to rank number 1 and 7, respectively. The reference interval was calculated by the Rank-based method. RESULTS: Reference interval of sFlt-1 in non-pregnant and pregnant females were determined on the basis of 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles which were 57.7 to 118.5 pg/mL and 563.5 to 3288.0 pg/mL, respectively. CONCLUSION: The present study determined reference interval of sFlt-1 in healthy, non-pregnant and pregnant females in Lahore. KEY WORDS: Reference interval, Soluble FMS-like tyrosine kinase-1, Pre-eclampsia, Rank-based method.
Risk factors for neonatal encephalopathy in late preterm and term singleton births in a large California birth cohort.; OBJECTIVE: The objective was to investigate maternal and pregnancy characteristics associated with neonatal encephalopathy (NE). STUDY DESIGN: We queried an administrative birth cohort from California between 2011 and 2017 to determine the association between each factor and NE with and without hypothermia treatment. RESULTS: From 3 million infants born at 35 or more weeks of gestation, 6,857 cases of NE were identified (2.3 per 1000 births), 888 (13%) received therapeutic hypothermia. Risk factors for NE were stronger among cases receiving hypothermia therapy. Substance-related diagnosis, preexisting diabetes, preeclampsia, and any maternal infection were associated with a two-fold increase in risk. Maternal overweight/obesity, nulliparity, advanced maternal age, depression, gestational diabetes or hypertension, and short or long gestations also predicted NE. Young maternal age, Asian race and Hispanic ethnicity, and cannabis-related diagnosis lowered risk of NE. CONCLUSIONS: By disseminating these results, we encourage further interrogation of these perinatal factors.
[Effect of famine exposure on the risk of chronic disease in later life among population in Harbin].; Objective: To study the relations between famine exposure and the risk of chronic diseases as diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension, coronary heart disease and stroke in the population of Harbin. Methods: Our data was collected from the baseline survey-the China Kadoorie Biobank project (CKB) in Harbin. Retrospective cohort study design was used. Related risks on chronic diseases including diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension, coronary heart disease and stroke, were compared among the famine exposed or non-exposed people, respectively by logistic analysis method. Results: After adjusted for factors as age, sex, physical activity, smoking, alcohol intake, diet, family history of diseases, it appeared that the factor 'famine exposure' had increased the risks of diseases as obesity (OR=1.204, 95%CI: 1.104-1.313, P<0.01), hypertension (OR=1.315, 95%CI: 1.210-1.429, P<0.01) and coronary heart disease (OR=1.495, 95%CI: 1.369-1.632, P<0.01). The lower the age of population being exposed to famine, the greater the risk of the development of all kinds of chronic diseases. Conclusions: Famine exposure appeared a risk factor for obesity, hypertension, and coronary heart disease. It is of great significance to ensure the life-long nutrition of the people, especially in the early and adolescent stages, to prevent obesity, hypertension, and coronary heart disease in their later lives.
Endothelin-1 traps as a potential therapeutic tool: from diabetes to beyond?; There is substantial research on the vasoactive peptide endothelin (ET)-1 in physiology, as well as in pathology. In fact, pathologically elevated levels of ET-1 have been found in several disease states, such as various cardiovascular diseases, different cancers, some neurodegenerative disorders, as well as in diabetes. Here, we describe and discuss ET-1, its importance in different diseases, and the potential therapeutic effects of ET-traps in the treatment of these diseases. Previous in vitro and in vivo research (in the diabetes disease space) demonstrated that ET-traps potently and significantly prevent the induction of different markers of diabetes-related pathology. This included induction of extracellular matrix (ECM) proteins (collagen 4α1 and fibronectin), which are pathologically elevated in diabetes. The ET-traps prevented induction of these and brought a significant return to non-diabetic levels. We also discuss the merits of using ET-traps over the currently used endothelin receptor antagonists (ERAs) and previously used therapeutic antibodies.
Impact of overweight and obesity on obstetric outcomes.; Abnormal nutritional status is an increasingly common complication in developed countries and, as reproductive age women are a part of this trend, the effect of maternal obesity on the pregnancy and neonate must be investigated. Pregestational obesity or overweight condition or an excessive gestational weight gain can be an independent risk factor for feto-maternal complications and long-term risks in adult life for the fetus. The selected risks include infertility, miscarriage, congenital anomalies, hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, intrauterine fetal death, macrosomia, and delivery complications. From an etiological point of view, the causes of the adverse outcomes include maternal body habitus, proinflammatory state of obesity, and metabolic dysfunction. Actually, a weight management guidance for obese pregnant women is limited, recommending a gain between 5 and 9 kg during the pregnancy period, while weight loss is discouraged. Mainly, therapeutic approach is prevention using specific programs of reducing weight before pregnant status. In addition, mechanistic studies, in animal models especially, have identified potential areas for intervention which might limit adverse risk factors for obesity from mothers to infants during pregnancy. In this article, a review of the literature on selected obstetrical risks associated with maternal overweight and obesity has been performed and both the target prevention and management strategies have been assessed.
Developmental plasticity and human disease: research directions.; The conceptual basis of the 'developmental origins' paradigm has converged on the role of developmental plasticity responding to signals from the early environment, with heightened risk of disease if the induced phenotype does not match the later environment. Nevertheless, numerous questions remain, including the current burden of disease that can be attributed to early environmental factors; the pathways, mechanisms and windows of plasticity; the identification of early markers of environmentally induced change; and the feasibility, costs and benefits of intervention. A focused agenda of research is needed to convince policy makers of the importance of developmental factors in human disease.
The Epidemiology and Mechanisms of Lifetime Cardiopulmonary Morbidities Associated With Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain.; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions in the last few decades. The global increase in obesity has contributed to an increase in the number of pregnant women with pre-pregnancy obesity or with excessive gestational weight gain. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with higher incidence of maternal co-morbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension. Both obesity during pregnancy and its associated complications are not only associated with immediate adverse outcomes for the mother and their newborns during the perinatal period but, more importantly, are linked with long-term morbidities in the offsprings. Neonates born to women with obesity are at higher risk for cardiac complications including cardiac malformations, and non-structural cardiac issues such as changes in the microvasculature, e.g., elevated systolic blood pressure, and overt systemic hypertension. Pulmonary diseases associated with maternal obesity include respiratory distress syndrome, asthma during childhood and adolescence, and adulthood diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Sequelae of short-term complications compound long-term outcomes such as long-term obesity, hypertension later in life, and metabolic complications including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to explain these adverse outcomes and are related to the emerging knowledge of pathophysiology of obesity in adults. The best investigated ones include the role of obesity-mediated metabolic alterations and systemic inflammation. There is emerging evidence linking metabolic and immune derangements to altered biome, and alteration in epigenetics as one of the intermediary mechanisms underlying the adverse outcomes. These are initiated as part of fetal adaptation to obesity during pregnancy which are compounded by rapid weight gain during infancy and early childhood, a known complication of obesity during pregnancy. This newer evidence points toward the role of specific nutrients and changes in biome that may potentially modify the adverse outcomes observed in the offsprings of women with obesity.
Selenium Treatment and Chagasic Cardiopathy (STCC): study protocol for a double-blind randomized controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Heart disease progression occurs in 30% of patients with chronic Trypanosoma cruzi infection. Supplementation with selenium (Se) in animal model of T. cruzi infection produced promising results. There is evidence that patients with Chagas heart disease have lower Se levels than healthy individuals and patients with T. cruzi infection without of cardiac disease. The aim of this investigation is to estimate the effect of Se treatment on prevention of heart disease progression in patients with chagasic cardiopathy. METHODS: The Selenium Treatment and Chagasic Cardiopathy trial is a superiority, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial. The eligibility criteria are as follows: (1) a Chagas disease diagnosis confirmed by serology; (2) segmental, mild or moderate global left ventricular systolic dysfunction; and (3) age between 18 and 65 years. The exclusion criteria are as follows: (1) pregnancy, (2) diabetes mellitus, (3) tobacco use, (4) alcohol abuse, (5) evidence of nonchagasic heart disease, (6) depression, (7) dysphagia with evidence of food residues in the esophagus, (8) dysphagia with weight loss higher than 15% of usual weight in the last four months and/or (9) conditions that may result in low protocol adherence. The intervention will be 100 μg of sodium selenite once daily for 365 consecutive days compared to placebo. The following are the primary outcomes to be measured: (1) the trajectories of the left ventricular ejection fraction in the follow-up period; (2) reduction of heart disease progression rates, with progression defined as a 10% decrease in left ventricular ejection fraction; and (3) rate of hospital admissions attributable to dysrhythmia, heart failure or stroke due to Chagas disease. One hundred thirty patients will be randomly allocated into either the intervention or placebo group at a ratio of 1:1. The sequence allocation concealment and blinding were planned to be conducted with the strategy of numbered boxes. Both patients and health-care providers will remain blinded to the intervention groups during the 5 years of follow-up. DISCUSSION: If Se treatment reduces the progression of Chagas cardiopathy, the inclusion of this micronutrient in the daily diet can improve the therapeutic regimen for this neglected tropical disease at low cost. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinical Trials.gov ID: NCT00875173 (registered 20 October 20 2008).
Inflammation and Oxidative Stress Induced by Obesity, Gestational Diabetes, and Preeclampsia in Pregnancy: Role of High-Density Lipoproteins as Vectors for Bioactive Compounds.; Inflammation and oxidative stress are essential components in a myriad of pathogenic entities that lead to metabolic and chronic diseases. Moreover, inflammation in its different phases is necessary for the initiation and maintenance of a healthy pregnancy. Therefore, an equilibrium between a necessary/pathologic level of inflammation and oxidative stress during pregnancy is needed to avoid disease development. High-density lipoproteins (HDL) are important for a healthy pregnancy and a good neonatal outcome. Their role in fetal development during challenging situations is vital for maintaining the equilibrium. However, in certain conditions, such as obesity, diabetes, and other cardiovascular diseases, it has been observed that HDL loses its protective properties, becoming dysfunctional. Bioactive compounds have been widely studied as mediators of inflammation and oxidative stress in different diseases, but their mechanisms of action are still unknown. Nonetheless, these agents, which are obtained from functional foods, increase the concentration of HDL, TRC, and antioxidant activity. Therefore, this review first summarizes several mechanisms of HDL participation in the equilibrium between inflammation and oxidative stress. Second, it gives an insight into how HDL may act as a vector for bioactive compounds. Third, it describes the relationships between the inflammation process in pregnancy and HDL activity. Consequently, different databases were used, including MEDLINE, PubMed, and Scopus, where scientific articles published in the English language up to 2023 were identified.
Effect of Pregnancy on Performance of a Standardized Physical Fitness Test.; INTRODUCTION: Research has demonstrated the positive effects of exercise during pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes, but very little research has evaluated the effect of pregnancy on women's fitness or the length of time needed to recover prepregnancy fitness after delivery. These questions are important in providing anticipatory guidance to women, from elite athletes to women who just want to know how their bodies will change after pregnancy. To women in the military, postpartum fitness is critically important because failing the mandatory biannual physical fitness assessment (PFA) can severely damage or prematurely end a woman's career. Therefore, understanding the expected changes in fitness, the timeline required to regain prepregnancy fitness levels after delivery, and understanding risk factors for physical fitness testing failure is an important aspect of obstetrical care in military populations. The Navy PFA is a unique opportunity to measure the effect of pregnancy on women's ability to perform a standardized fitness assessment. The objective of this research is to use data from the Navy PFA to compare fitness levels in individual women before and after pregnancy, and to identify individuals at risk for poor fitness levels and Physical Readiness Test (PRT) failure postpartum. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cohort of pregnant sailors stationed at Naval Medical Center San Diego in 2013 and 2014 was identified from Physical Readiness Information Management System. PFA results before pregnancy (PRE) were compared with results from the first postpartum PFA cycle (PP1) and second postpartum cycle (PP2). To evaluate risk factors for poor postpartum fitness levels, a nested case control was created including women who failed PP1 compared with women who passed. RESULTS: 142 women were included in the cohort study and 99 women were included in the case control portion. Muscular strength was reduced postpartum; the mean number of sit-ups was 73.4 and 67.1 (p ≤ 0.001) and the mean number of push-ups was 38.5 and 35.2 (p = 0.002) prepregnancy and postpartum, respectively. Sixteen women failed PP1 compared with 5 women failing before pregnancy; odds ratio (OR) 3.2 (1.3, 10.5). Women who failed PP1 were significantly older compared with women who passed PP1, mean age 31.4 and 27.3 (p = 0.02); respectively. Significantly more women failing PP1 had a diagnosis of gestational diabetes OR 5.4 (1.1, 27.4) and anemia in pregnancy OR 11.9 (1.2, 164.5). CONCLUSIONS: At 6 months postpartum, active duty women have decreased muscular and cardiovascular fitness, and have not yet regained prepregnancy weight. These changes put women at high risk for failing the PFA. These changes resolve by the second postpartum PFA. Women above the age of 30 and those who develop gestational diabetes or anemia during pregnancy are at risk for poor postpartum fitness. The Navy should consider extending the time allowed for women to meet PFA standards postpartum and develop a program to monitor women's progress toward PFA standards and provide assistance as needed.
Pregnancy in women over forty.; A retrospective review of the 289 women over the age of 40 years and delivering at the Turku University Central Hospital between 1986-1990 is presented. Forty-seven women were nulliparous and 242 multiparous. The proportion of women over 40 of all parturients during this time period was 2.1%. Infertility was treated in 12% of couples. There were three multifetal pregnancies, all spontaneous. 88% of the women had a first trimester amniocentesis or chorion villus biopsy for fetal chromosomal analysis. The most common pregnancy-related complications were prematurity (11%), gestational diabetes (8%), pre-eclampsia (7%) and infectious diseases (11%). The rate of Caesarean section was high, 26% (among the primipara 36%). The perinatal mortality rate was very low, 3.4 per thousand, and neonatal mortality rate 6.8 per thousand. The incidence of congenital anomalies was 2%, and most of these anomalies were cardiac. Large-for-date babies were overpresented in this population and primipara had a higher rate of small-for-gestational age babies than in the normal population. Although advanced maternal age alone does not carry major risks of abnormal pregnancy outcome, the higher frequency of complications among some subgroups may explain the high rate of Caesarean sections in this population.
Treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome with insulin-lowering agents.; Early diagnosis and therapy of the underlying insulin resistance of heritable polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), often manifested at menarche, facilitate the reduction and/or reversal of the reproductive and metabolic morbidity of PCOS, as well as reduce the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. PCOS is characterised by oligoamenorrhoea, clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, infertility, recurrent miscarriage, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia, gestational diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, Type 2 diabetes, morbid obesity, hypertension, hypofibrinolysis, hypertriglyceridaemia, low levels of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and a sevenfold risk increase in cardiovascular disease. Insulin sensitising-lowering agents reduce insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia, reverse PCOS endocrinopathy and ameliorate the reproductive, metabolic and cardiovascular morbidity of the disorder. The largest literature on the subject discusses metformin. Improved pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS receiving metformin may be attributed to its ability to reduce insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia and hypofibrinolytic plasminogen activator inhibitor activity by the enhancement of folliculogenesis and improvement of oocyte quality.
[Diabetic retinopathy].; The risk of blindness in diabetes may be significantly reduced by a suitable ophthalmic therapy. In order to apply this therapy in due time to the population at risk, all diabetics should be referred to ophthalmological follow-up examination at regular intervals. A rapid progression of a retinopathy may occur in young patients, especially during puberty and pregnancy, after change from oral antidiabetics to insulin and, temporarily, following strict control of blood glucose. Besides normoglycemia, the prevention of a high blood pressure is an important prerequisite of an efficient treatment of diabetic retinopathy. Retinal photocoagulation has been proven the most effective mode of therapy. The correct indication and stage-depending dosage of retinal laser coagulation in diabetes is a demanding task which should be reserved to well-trained specialists in this field. Diabetic vitreous bleeding and retinal traction detachment are complications of advanced proliferative diabetic retinopathy, which can be treated successfully in 60-70% of the cases by modern techniques of vitreoretinal surgery.
Cytosine-Adenosine (CA)n repeats polymorphism in IGF-I gene and early growth in infants born appropriate and small for gestational age.; BACKGROUND: IGF-I gene polymorphisms might alter IGF-I level resulting in decreased foetal and postnatal growth and increased risk for diabetes mellitus type 2 and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. OBJECTIVES: We analyzed the association between Cytosine-Adenosine (CA)10-24 repeats polymorphism in promoter region of the IGF-I gene and early growth in infants with birth weight appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and small for gestational age (SGA). DESIGN AND METHODS: All neonates were born at term, 196 of them were AGA and 26 SGA. Blood for DNA analyses was obtained from placental part of umbilical vein. Genotyping was performed using fragment analyses of IGF-I gene promoter region. The data about postnatal growth in the group of AGA children were obtained at the age of 18 months, in SGA children at 12 months. RESULTS: No differences in the frequency of wild type allele with (CA)19 repeats and polymorphisms with (CA)<19 or (CA)>19 repeats were observed between AGA and SGA children. The average birth weight and length in AGA wild type (CA)19 homozygotes were lower in comparison with AGA carriers of various (CA)n polymorphisms but all observed anthropometric differences disappeared at the age of 18 months. In SGA children, no differences were found between number of (CA)n repeats and anthropometric parameters both at birth and at the age of 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: Although (CA)n repeats polymorphism in IGF-I gene might affect prenatal growth in AGA children, our results have not shown any impact of variable number of (CA) n repeats in IGF-I gene on postnatal growth.
Similarities between acylcarnitine profiles in large for gestational age newborns and obesity.; Large for gestational age (LGA) newborns have an increased risk of obesity, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome. Acylcarnitine profiles in obese children and adults are characterized by increased levels of C3, C5, and certain medium-chain (C12) and long-chain (C14:1 and C16) acylcarnitines. C2 is also increased in insulin-resistant states. In this 1-year observational study of 2514 newborns (246 LGA newborns, 250 small for gestational age (GA) newborns, and 2018 appropriate for GA newborns), we analyzed and compared postnatal acylcarnitine profiles in LGA newborns with profiles described for obese individuals. Acylcarnitine analysis was performed by tandem mass spectrometry on dried-blood spots collected on day 3 of life. LGA newborns had higher levels of total short-chain acylcarnitines (p < 0.001), C2 (p < 0.01) and C3 (p < 0.001) acylcarnitines, and all C12, C14, and C16 acylcarnitines except C12:1. They also had a higher tendency towards carnitine insufficiency (p < 0.05) and carnitine deficiency (p < 0.001). No significant differences were observed between LGA newborns born to mothers with or without a history of gestational diabetes. This novel study describes a postnatal acylcarnitine profile in LGA with higher levels of C2, C3, total acylcarnitines, and total short-chain acylcarnitines that is characteristic of childhood and adult obesity and linked to an unhealthy metabolic phenotype.
Reproductive history in women with coronary heart disease. A case-control study.; Reproductive history events may be risk factors for coronary heart disease among women under age 60. In this study, the cases were 169 women under age 60 with a diagnosis of coronary heart disease while residents of Rochester, Minnesota. The first manifestation of coronary heart disease was angina in 95, myocardial infarction in 59, and sudden unexpected death in 15 women. Two age- and sex-matched controls for each case were selected from all registrations for care at the Mayo Clinic in the same year the case was diagnosed. The cases had more of the accepted coronary heart disease risk factors--i.e., hypertension (relative risk = 2.9), smoking (relative risk = 2.4), elevated serum cholesterol (relative risk = 2.6), and diabetes (relative risk = 4.1)--than did controls. In addition, women undergoing artificial menopause and those whose first pregnancy was before age 25 appeared to be at higher risk of coronary heart disease. Use of multivariate analysis to control for known coronary heart disease risk factors resulted in a relative risk of 1.9 for women whose age at first pregnancy was less than 20, and 1.8 for those whose age at first pregnancy was 20-24, as compared with those never pregnant and those whose age at first pregnancy was greater than or equal to 25.
A CCR4-NOT Transcription Complex, Subunit 1, CNOT1, Variant Associated with Holoprosencephaly.; Holoprosencephaly is the incomplete separation of the forebrain during embryogenesis. Both genetic and environmental etiologies have been determined for holoprosencephaly; however, a genetic etiology is not found in most cases. In this report, we present two unrelated individuals with semilobar holoprosencephaly who have the identical de novo missense variant in the gene CCR4-NOT transcription complex, subunit 1 (CNOT1). The variant (c.1603C>T [p.Arg535Cys]) is predicted to be deleterious and is not present in public databases. CNOT1 has not been previously associated with holoprosencephaly or other brain malformations. In situ hybridization analyses of mouse embryos show that Cnot1 is expressed in the prosencephalic neural folds at gestational day 8.25 during the critical period for subsequent forebrain division. Combining human and mouse data, we show that CNOT1 is associated with incomplete forebrain division.
Evaluation and treatment of lipid disorders in women.; The latest report from the National Cholesterol Education Program has reaffirmed that the primary lipid goal for the prevention of atherosclerotic vascular disease (AVD) is to achieve a normal low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (<130 mg/dL) by diet in normal individuals, and by diet and statin therapy in patients with multiple risk factors. Patients with any clinical AVD (which includes diabetes) will need a statin to achieve an optimal LDL cholesterol (<100 mg/dL). The recent Heart Protection Study might revise our thinking further. Patients at high risk achieved a reduction in mortality and vascular events taking simvastatin 40 mg, even if they had a low baseline LDL value. Individuals with the metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance do not typically have a very high LDL, but rather have elevated triglycerides and a low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. They, too, need to be treated with a statin, first to achieve an appropriate LDL goal. This is insufficient if the triglyceride value exceeds 200 mg/dL. They should be treated to achieve a non-HDL cholesterol goal (equal to total cholesterol minus HDL cholesterol) that is 30 mg/dL higher than the LDL goal.
Physical activity throughout pregnancy is key to preventing chronic disease.; According to The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease theory, the intrauterine environment of the developing fetus may impact later life physiology, including susceptibility to chronic disease conditions. Maternal exposures during pregnancy can affect the intrauterine environment and result in fetal programming for chronic diseases through changes in the structure or function of specific organs. Negative maternal exposures, such as poor nutrition intake, have been shown to increase the risk for later life chronic diseases. On the contrary, healthful behaviors, such as physical activity, may have a positive and protective effect against chronic disease risk. This narrative review summarizes literature to discuss the potential preventative role prenatal physical activity may have on prevalent chronic diseases: obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. We describe the natural physiological response to pregnancy that may increase the risk for complications and consequently later life disease for both mother and baby. We then present evidence highlighting the role prenatal exercise may have in preventing pregnancy complications and downstream chronic disease development, as well as proposing potential mechanisms that may explain the protective maternal and fetal physiological response to exercise. As the prevalence of these non-communicable diseases increase globally, intervening during pregnancy with an effective exercise intervention may be the key to preventing chronic disease risk in more than one generation.
Gender effects on health care costs in cardiovascular medicine-a black box?; INTRODUCTION: Gender differences were documented for several diseases. This might influence treatment costs for the insurance companies as well as reimbursement of the health care facilities. This manuscript deals with the possible economic implications of gender-related differences in cardiovascular medicine. METHODS: A systematical review of the literature reporting the impact of gender on health care costs with special focus on cardiovascular medicine. RESULTS: Women cause higher health care costs during their lifetime, but large part of the difference compared with men is caused by pregnancy and birth, not by diseases. However, after subtracting the costs for pregnancy and birth, there still remains a difference with higher costs for women, although the origin of this disparity is not definitely clear up to date. In cardiovascular medicine, especially the risk factor metabolic syndrome including diabetes had a higher prevalence in women and was shown to have a greater impact on cardiovascular disease compared with men. This concerned both costs and outcome. But in contrast to this, women experienced poorer preventive treatment of their metabolic syndrome, especially with regards to lipid levels. This influenced the costs of hospital treatment as well as the prognosis, for example, following coronary bypass grafting. COMMENTS: The higher influence of several risk factors on cardiovascular disease in women should lead to improved preventive strategies in female patients. Further research is necessary to give more evidence for gender-related differences within the impact of several risk factors on treatment costs. This could then also influence reimbursement strategies taking these gender disparities into account.
Expectant management of preeclampsia with severe features diagnosed at less than 24 weeks.; BACKGROUND: The recent American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists Practice Bulletin offers no guidance on the management of preeclampsia with severe features at <24 weeks of gestation. Historically, immediate delivery was recommended because of poor perinatal outcomes and high maternal morbidity. Recently, advances in neonatal resuscitation have led to increased survival at periviable gestational ages. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to report perinatal and maternal outcomes after expectant management of preeclampsia with severe features at <24 weeks of gestation. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective case series of preeclampsia with severe features at <24 weeks of gestation at a level 4 center between 2017 and 2023. Individuals requiring delivery within 24 hours of diagnosis were excluded. Perinatal and maternal outcomes were analyzed. Categorical variables from our database were compared with previously published data using chi-square tests. RESULTS: A total of 41 individuals were diagnosed with preeclampsia with severe features at <24 weeks of gestation. After the exclusion of delivery within 24 hours, 30 individuals (73%) were evaluated. The median gestational age at diagnosis was 22 weeks (interquartile range, 22-23). Moreover, 16% of individuals had assisted reproductive technology, 27% of individuals had chronic hypertension, 13% of individuals had pregestational diabetes mellitus, 30% of individuals had previous preeclampsia, and 73% of individuals had a body mass index of >30 kg/m(2). The median latency periods at 22 and 23 weeks of gestation were 7 days (interquartile range, 4-23) and 8 days (interquartile range, 4-13). In preeclampsia with severe features, neonatal survival rates were 44% (95% confidence interval, 3%-85%) at 22 weeks of gestation and 29% (95% confidence interval, 1%-56%) at 23 weeks of gestation. There were 2 cases of acute kidney injury (7%) and 2 cases of pericardial or pleural effusions (7%). Overall perinatal survival at <24 weeks of gestation was 30% in our current study vs 7% in previous reports (P=.02). CONCLUSION: For cases of expectant management of preeclampsia with severe features at <24 weeks of gestation, our findings showed an increased perinatal survival rate with decreased maternal morbidity compared with previously published data. This information may be used when counseling on expectant management of preeclampsia with severe features at <24 weeks of gestation.
Consensus on women's health aspects of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS).; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder in females with a high prevalence. The etiology of this heterogeneous condition remains obscure and its phenotype expression varies. Two, widely cited, previous ESHRE/ASRM-sponsored PCOS consensus workshops focused on diagnosis (published in 2004) and infertility management (published in 2008). The present third PCOS consensus paper summarizes current knowledge and identifies knowledge gaps regarding various women's health aspects of PCOS. Relevant topics addressed-all dealt with in a systematic fashion-include adolescence, hirsutism and acne, contraception, menstrual cycle abnormalities, quality of life, ethnicity, pregnancy complications, long-term metabolic and cardiovascular health and finally cancer risk. Additional, comprehensive background information is provided separately in an extended online publication.
Biological rhythms and preeclampsia.; The impact of impaired circadian rhythm on health has been widely studied in shift workers and trans-meridian travelers. A part from its correlation with sleep and mood disorders, biological rhythm impairment is a recognized risk factor for cardiovascular diseases and breast cancer. Preeclampsia is a major public health issue, associated with a significant maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality worldwide. While the risks factors for this condition such as obesity, diabetes, pre-existing hypertension have been identified, the underlying mechanism of this multi-factorial disease is yet not fully understood. The disruption of the light/dark cycle in pregnancy has been associated with adverse outcomes. Slightly increased risk for "small for gestational age" babies, "low birth weight" babies, and preterm deliveries has been reported in shift working women. Whether altered circadian cycle represents a risk factor for preeclampsia or preeclampsia is itself linked with an abnormal circadian cycle is less clear. There are only few reports available, showing conflicting results. In this review, we will discuss recent observations concerning circadian pattern of blood pressure in normotensive and hypertensive pregnancies. We explore the hypothesis that circadian misalignments may represent a risk factor for preeclampsia. Unraveling potential link between circadian clock gene and preeclampsia could offer a novel approach to our understanding of this multi-system disease specific to pregnancy.
Are women with polycystic ovary syndrome more vulnerable to COVID-19 infection?; Severe acute respiratory syndrome-coronavirus-2, the causative virus of Coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19), penetrates into the hosts' tissues via binding of its spike protein to the angiotensin converting enzyme-2 (ACE-2) receptors after activation of the hosts' protease enzymes. The most prominent effect is observed when the virus binds to the ACE-2 receptors of the alveolar epithelium and endothelium. Testosterone exhibits an immunosuppressive effect, and androgens play a modulatory role on protease enzymes. It is known that various comorbidities, including obesity; pregnancy; diabetes mellitus (type 1 or type 2); hypertension; cancer; chronic kidney, liver, and lung diseases; cerebrovascular disease; heart conditions; human immunodeficiency virus infection; immunologic disease; and immune suppression; affect the severity of COVID-19 infection. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 5-10% of reproductive aged-women. Hirsutism is observed in 70-80% of the patients, while increased testosterone levels are detected in more than 50% of the women with PCOS. This syndrome is also associated with hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance, increased renin-angiotensin system activity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome in a remarkable number of cases. PCOS also manifests a chronic pro-inflammatory state. Hyperandrogenism through hyperinsulinemia causes adipocyte hypertrophy and dysfunction that result in increased secretion of pro-inflammatory adipokine, which culminates in the creation of a chronic inflammatory state. In light of the metabolic and hormonal changes observed in women with PCOS, which make them more susceptible to severe COVID-19 infection, health care givers should provide special care and detailed counseling services.
The PPAR-gamma Pro12Ala polymorphism associates with weight gain during GH-treatment in short children born small for gestational age.; CONTEXT: Short children born small for gestational age (SGA) have a lean phenotype with lower insulin sensitivity and higher blood pressure. GH treatment results in weight gain, and a decrease in blood pressure and insulin sensitivity. However, not all children respond in the same way. The Pro12Ala polymorphism of the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR-gamma) gene is inversely associated with body mass index (BMI), changes in BMI and the risk to develop type 2 diabetes mellitus. OBJECTIVE: To analyze the contribution of the PPAR-gamma Pro12Ala polymorphism to GH induced changes in determinants of metabolic and cardiovascular disease in short SGA children. METHODS: PPAR-gamma was genotyped in 238 Caucasian short SGA children (mean age 7.5 years). Height, weight, blood pressure, and serum lipids were measured before start and during 4 years of GH treatment. In addition, glucose homeostasis by homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance ratio (HOMA-IR) (n=148) and by frequently sampled i.v. glucose tolerance test (n=51), and body composition by dual energy X-ray absorptiometry (n=79) were measured. RESULTS: At baseline, the Ala12 allele was not associated with any determinant of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. After 4 years of GH treatment, the increase in weight for height SDS and BMI SDS was significantly greater in carriers of an Ala12 allele than in noncarriers. The change in all other parameters was not associated with Pro12Ala genotype. CONCLUSION: The Ala12 variant of the PPAR-gamma gene is associated with higher weight gain during GH treatment but not with changes in determinants of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in Caucasian subjects born SGA.
The association between late preterm birth and cardiometabolic conditions across the life course: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The effect of being born late preterm (34-36 weeks gestation) on cardiometabolic outcomes across the life course is unclear. OBJECTIVES: To systematically review the association between being born late preterm (spontaneous or indicated), compared to the term and cardiometabolic outcomes in children and adults. DATA SOURCES: EMBASE(Ovid), MEDLINE(Ovid), CINAHL. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: Observational studies up to July 2021 were included. Study characteristics, gestational age, cardiometabolic outcomes, risk ratios (RRs), odds ratios (ORs), hazard ratios (HRs), mean differences and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were extracted. SYNTHESIS: We pooled converted RRs using random-effects meta-analyses for diabetes, hypertension, ischemic heart disease (IHD) and body mass index (BMI) with subgroups for children and adults. The risk of bias was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale and certainty of the evidence was assessed using the grading of recommendations, assessment, development and evaluation (GRADE) approach. RESULTS: Forty-one studies were included (41,203,468 total participants; median: 5.0% late preterm). Late preterm birth was associated with increased diabetes (RR 1.24, 95% CI 1.17, 1.32; nine studies; n = 6,056,511; incidence 0.9%; I(2) 51%; low certainty) and hypertension (RR 1.21, 95% CI 1.13, 1.30; 11 studies; n = 3,983,141; incidence 3.4%; I(2) 64%; low certainty) in children and adults combined. Late preterm birth was associated with decreased BMI z-scores in children (standard mean difference -0.38; 95% CI -0.67, -0.09; five studies; n = 32,602; proportion late preterm 8.3%; I(2) 96%; very low certainty). There was insufficient evidence that late preterm birth was associated with increased IHD risk in adults (HR 1.20, 95% CI 0.89, 1.62; four studies; n = 2,706,806; incidence 0.3%; I(2) 87%; very low certainty). CONCLUSIONS: Late preterm birth was associated with an increased risk of diabetes and hypertension. The certainty of the evidence was low or very low. Inconsistencies in late preterm and term definitions, confounding variables and outcome age limited the comparability of studies.
Pregnancy and birth outcomes in families with asthma.; Studies of maternal asthma in pregnancy have shown an increased risk of adverse neonatal and maternal outcomes such as preeclampsia, hypertension, cesarean delivery, prematurity, low birth weight, and perinatal/neonatal mortality. However, results are not consistent between studies. We studied the association between maternal asthma and various adverse neonatal and maternal outcomes and explored whether there is any evidence that pregnancy exacerbates maternal asthma. The data were collected as part of the Childhood Asthma Prevention Study. Pregnant women with asthma or women whose partners or other children had current symptoms of asthma were recruited at six Sydney hospitals. All women recruited were post 36 weeks gestation and were living within 30 km of the study recruitment center. Information about family history of asthma was collected using a questionnaire at 36 weeks gestation and subsequent information about antenatal and perinatal events was obtained from hospital records. Data from 611 pregnant women were available for analysis, 340 of whom had asthma. Hypertension was significantly more common in asthmatics than in nonasthmatics [OR = 2.16 (1.02-4.6), p < 0.043]. The prevalence of gestational diabetes, labor complications, delivery complications, and adverse neonatal outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. We also found that the course of maternal asthma usually remains unchanged during pregnancy, but that more severe asthma is likely to get worse. We have confirmed previous observations that women with asthma are at increased risk of hypertension in pregnancy, which is consistent with studies that show that pregnant asthmatic women have a slightly increased risk of preeclampsia. However, we did not find evidence of an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes.
[Fetal programming--the intrauterine origin of adult morbidity].; Many epidemiological studies have demonstrated an association between low birth weight and the subsequent development of hypertension, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This association appears to be independent of classic lifestyle risk factors such as smoking, overweight, social class, alcohol consumption and lack of exercise, which are additive to the effect. The association holds for the full range of birth weights, including those within the normal range. In addition, it was suggested that faster postnatal catch-up growth may also predict later risk of cardiovascular disease. 'Fetal programming' has been proposed as a mechanism underlying the link related to low birth weight, rapid neonatal growth and adult disease. The fetal programming hypothesis suggests that the intrauterine environment during critical periods of organogenesis and tissue growth may permanently alter organ structure and function in an epigenetic manner. Indeed, evidence from both human and animal studies suggests that diseases of adult life are induced by the fetal environment. This review describes epidemiological and physiological evidence that the programming phenomenon is a major factor in determining later life diseases. Better management of pregnancy in the present will have long term wide-scale effects on the health of our society.
Systematic review of antenatal dietary and lifestyle interventions in women with a normal body mass index.; INTRODUCTION: Women who commence pregnancy with a normal body mass index (BMI) are at the greatest risk of excessive gestational weight gain, impacting on infant birthweight, pregnancy-related complications and postpartum weight retention. Our aim was to review systematically the effect of antenatal dietary and lifestyle interventions in pregnant women with a normal BMI on maternal and infant outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register, PubMed, Medline, and the Australian and International Clinical Trials Registry with the date of the last search in July 2015. We included all published, unpublished and ongoing randomized trials recruiting women of a normal BMI, comparing dietary and/or lifestyle interventions with standard antenatal care. RESULTS: Twelve randomized controlled trials were identified, involving a total of 2713 pregnant women, with five studies reporting clinical data for 714 women with a normal BMI. Women who received a dietary and lifestyle intervention were less likely to experience gestational weight gain [four studies, 446 women; mean difference -1.25 kg; 95% confidence interval (CI) -2.39 to -0.11], weight gain above the Institute of Medicine guidelines (four studies, 446 women; risk ratio 0.66; 95% CI 0.53-0.83) and hypertension (two studies; 243 women; risk ratio 0.34; 95% CI 0.13-0.91). There were no statistically significant differences in the occurrence of gestational diabetes, cesarean section or birthweight greater than 4 kg. CONCLUSIONS: While providing an antenatal dietary and lifestyle intervention for pregnant women of normal BMI appears to reduce gestational weight gain, the review was limited by the relatively small available sample size. Further well-designed randomized controlled trials are required.
Case Report: Swept-source Optical Coherence Tomography and Angiography Findings in Lipemia Retinalis.; SIGNIFICANCE: Lipemia retinalis is a very rare ocular manifestation of severe hypertriglyceridemia. It is usually symptomatic and regresses after normalization of triglycerides levels. Early recognition is important to prevent ocular and life-threatening complications. PURPOSE: This study aimed to report a case of marked lipemia retinalis secondary to type V hypertriglyceridemia assessed with swept-source optical coherence tomography (OCT) and OCT angiography (OCT-A), with follow-up after dietary lipid restriction. METHODS: Observational case report of lipemia retinal findings on color fundus photography, swept-source OCT and OCT-A, initially and after triglycerides lowering. CASE REPORT: A 32-year-old pregnant patient with gestational diabetes and a history of hypertriglyceridemia was referred for diabetic retinopathy screening. Fundus examination revealed bilateral milky-white discoloration of retinal vessels with a "salmon-colored" retina. Swept-source OCT and OCT-A revealed extremely hyperreflective and dilated retinal vessels and multiple high-flow retinal hyperreflective dots, corresponding to dilated retinal capillaries. Choroidal vessels were enlarged and engorged, and choriocapillaris layer appeared thickened and hyperreflective with dilated and tortuous capillaries. Serum triglycerides were very high (70.02 mmol/L). After 21 days of very-low-fat diet, it was lowered to 15 mmol/L. We noted a normalization of the clinical, structural, and vascular findings. However, peripheral retinal vessels remained hyperreflective, despite their clinical normalization. CONCLUSIONS: Swept-source OCT and OCT-A were beneficial in assessing lipemia retinalis noninvasively and monitoring choroidal and retinal vascular changes. Lipemia retinalis signs regressed initially in the posterior pole, choroidal anomalies were first to resolve, and clinical normalization preceded tomographic resolution.
The implications of Ramadan fasting for human health and well-being.; Islamic Ramadan is a 29-30 day fast in which food, fluids, medications, drugs and smoking are prohibited during the daylight hours which can be extended between 13 and 18 h · day(-1) depending on the geographical location and season. The majority of health-specific findings related to Ramadan fasting are mixed. The likely causes for these heterogeneous findings lie in the amount of daily time of fasting, number of subjects who smoke, take oral medications, and/or receive intravenous fluids, in the type of food and eating habits and in changes in lifestyle. During Ramadan fasting, glucose homeostasis is maintained by meals taken during night time before dawn and by liver glycogen stores. Changes in serum lipids are variable and depend on the quality and quantity of food intake, physical activity and exercise, and changes in body weight. Compliant, well-controlled type II diabetics may observe Ramadan fasting, but fasting is not recommended for type I, noncompliant, poorly controlled and pregnant diabetics. There are no adverse effects of Ramadan fasting on respiratory and cardiovascular systems, haematologic profile, endocrine, and neuropsychiatric functions. CONCLUSIONS: Although Ramadan fasting is safe for all healthy individuals, those with various diseases should consult their physicians and follow medical and scientific recommendations.
A cross-sectional study of clinical thrombotic risk factors and preventive treatments in antiphospholipid syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) are major risk factors for thrombosis. Other clinical factors exist in antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) patients which may have an additive or preventive effect on thrombosis. We therefore performed a cross-sectional study to analyse additive clinical thrombotic risk factors and possible preventive treatments in APS patients, and to compare the results with those obtained in asymptomatic aPL-positive (no history of vascular thrombosis or pregnancy morbidity) patients. METHODS: We identified 77 APS patients with non-gravid thrombotic events (group A) and 56 asymptomatic aPL-positive patients (group B). The study periods were defined as 6 months prior to the time of first vascular event in group A and 6 months prior to the patient's last visit in group B. Medical records were reviewed to evaluate the incidence of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hypercholesterolaemia, regular cigarette smoking, oral contraceptive use or hormone replacement therapy, surgical procedures, pregnancy with or without an APS-related event, malignancy and infections. In addition, any history of thrombocytopenia or the use of aspirin, hydroxychloroquine, corticosteroids or immunosuppressives during the study periods was recorded. Bivariate statistical analysis and logistic regression tests were performed to compare groups. RESULTS: In group A, 75% (n=58) of patients and in group B 48% (n=27) of patients had at least one of the additional risk factors during the study periods. In the bivariate analysis, pregnancy (P=0.005) and surgical procedures (P=0.04) were significantly more frequent in group A, while aspirin (P<0.001), hydroxychloroquine (P<0.001) and corticosteroids (P=0.002) were used significantly more frequently in group B. In logistic regression, the probability of an event was decreased by taking aspirin and/or hydroxychloroquine. In women only, the probability of an event was increased with thrombocytopenia and pregnancy or surgical procedures. The incidences of hypertension and smoking and the presence of more than one risk factor were significantly associated with arterial thrombosis but not venous thrombosis. CONCLUSION: While traditional risk factors were similar between groups, pregnancy and surgical procedures increased the risk of thrombosis. Hypertension and smoking were associated with arterial events. Possessing a combination of risk factors may increase the occurrence of arterial thrombosis but not venous thrombosis. Use of aspirin and/or hydroxychloroquine may be protective against thrombosis in asymptomatic aPL-positive individuals.
Cohort study of high maternal body mass index and the risk of adverse pregnancy and delivery outcomes in Scotland.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between high maternal weight status and complications during pregnancy and delivery. SETTING: Scotland. PARTICIPANTS: Data from 132 899 first-time singleton deliveries in Scotland between 2008 and 2015 were used. Women with overweight and obesity were compared with women with normal weight. Associations between maternal body mass index and complications during pregnancy and delivery were evaluated. OUTCOME MEASURES: Gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, placenta praevia, placental abruption, induction of labour, elective and emergency caesarean sections, pre-term delivery, post-term delivery, low Apgar score, small for gestational age and large for gestational age. RESULTS: In the multivariable models controlling for potential confounders, we found that, compared with women with normal weight, the odds of the following outcomes were significantly increased for women with overweight and obesity (overweight adjusted ORs; 95% CI, followed by the same for women with obesity): gestational hypertension (1.61; 1.49 to 1.74), (2.48; 2.30 to 2.68); gestational diabetes (2.14; 1.86 to 2.46), (8.25; 7.33 to 9.30); pre-eclampsia (1.46; 1.32 to 1.63) (2.07; 1.87 to 2.29); labour induction (1.28; 1.23 to 1.33), (1.69; 1.62 to 1.76) and emergency caesarean section (1.82; 1.74 to 1.91), (3.14; 3.00 to 3.29). CONCLUSIONS: Women with overweight and obesity in Scotland are at greater odds of adverse pregnancy and delivery outcomes. The odds of these conditions increases with increasing body mass index. Health professionals should be empowered and trained to deliver promising dietary and lifestyle interventions to women at risk of overweight and obesity prior to conception, and control excessive weight gain in pregnancy.
Fetal programming of coronary heart disease.; People who develop coronary heart disease grow differently from other people both in utero and during childhood. Slow growth during fetal life and infancy is followed by accelerated weight gain in childhood. Two disorders that predispose to coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes and hypertension, are preceded by similar paths of growth. Mechanisms underlying this are thought to include the development of insulin resistance in utero, reduced numbers of nephrons associated with small body size at birth and altered programming of the micro-architecture and function of the liver. Slow fetal growth might also heighten the body's stress responses and increase vulnerability to poor living conditions in later life. Coronary heart disease appears to be a developmental disorder that originates through two widespread biological phenomena, developmental plasticity and compensatory growth.
Early life exposures and the occurrence and timing of heart disease among the older adult Puerto Rican population.; Few studies have examined the effects of early life conditions on the timing of the onset of heart disease. We use the remarkable example of a representative sample of the population of older Puerto Ricans aged 60-74 who lived in the countryside during childhood (n = 1,438) to examine the effects ofseasonal exposures to poor nutrition and infectious diseases during late gestation on the timing of the onset and the probability of ever experiencing adult heart disease. Cox and log logistic hazard models controlling for childhood conditions (self-reported childhood health status and socioeconomic status [SES], rheumatic fever, and knee height) and adult risk factors (adult SES, obesity, smoking, exercise, and self-reported diabetes) showed that the risk of onset of heart disease was 65% higher among those born during high-exposure periods compared with unexposed individuals. However, there were no significant differences in median time of onset for those ever experiencing heart disease. As a comparison, we found that there were no significant seasonality effects for those who lived in urban areas during childhood. We conclude that early exposures in utero have important ramifications for adult heart disease among the older Puerto Rican population. We show, however, that while exposure is associated with the probability of ever experiencing adult heart disease, it is not associated with the timing of onset among those who do experience it.
[Polycystic ovary syndrome].; For diagnosing of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) it is currently recommended to follow the ESHRE criteria. For diagnosis according to them two of the following three symptoms are sufficient: 1. morphology of polycystic ovaria, 2. clinical manifestations of hyperandrogenism or laboratory proof of hyperandrogenemia, and 3. oligo-anovulation. PCOS is a complex disorder in whose pathogenesis genetic and environmental effects interact. It is not a gynecological disorder alone, the syndrome is accompanied by insulin resistance which leads to increased incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance (4 times and twice, independently of BMI). Also gestational DM occurs more frequently. Dyslipidemia, arterial hypertension, elevated CRP and homocysteine levels, endothelial dysfunction and greater intima-media thickness are also more frequent. It is not quite clear, however, whether women with PCOS suffer cardiovascular events more frequently as well. More often than is accidental PCOS is associated with depression, anxiety and eating disorders, further with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and with the sleep apnoea syndrome - especially in obese women. Therapeutic measures include non-pharmacological methods - lifestyle adjustments focused on weight reduction in obese individuals, cosmetic measures for dermatologic manifestation of hyperandrogenism, in particular laser and pharmacotherapy (combined hormonal contraceptives and antiandrogens). Menstrual irregularities can be treated with contraceptives or cyclical administration of gestagens, also metformin can be used.
Pregnancy outcomes and iron status in β-thalassemia major and intermedia: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; Advancements in orally bioavailable iron chelators and MRI methods have improved life expectancy and reproductive potential in thalassemia major (TM) and thalassemia intermedia (TI). Pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, frequency of which has not been well delineated. This systematic review aims to provide risk estimates of maternal and fetal outcomes in TM and TI and explore pregnancy's impact on iron homeostasis. Fifteen studies (429 participants, 684 pregnancies) were included. Meta-analysis revealed a higher thrombosis risk in TI (3.7%) compared to TM (0.92%), unchanged from prepregnancy. Heart failure risks in the earlier years appeared similar (TM 1.6% vs TI 1.1%), and maternal mortality in TM was 3.7%, but with current management, these risks are rare. Gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia occurred in 3.9% and 11.3% of TM pregnancies, respectively. Caesarean section rates were 83.9% in TM and 67% in TI. No significant difference in stillbirth, small for gestational age neonates, or preterm birth incidence between TM and TI was observed. In TM pregnancies, red cell requirements significantly increased (from 102 to 139 ml/kg/year, P = 0.001), and 70% of TI pregnancies required blood transfusions. As expected, increased transfusion alongside chelation cessation led to a significant increase in serum ferritin during pregnancy (TM by 1005 ng/mL; TI by 332 ng/mL, P < 0.0001). Deterioration in iron status was further reflected by an increase in liver iron concentration (from 4.6 to 11.9 mg/g dry weight, P < 0.0001), and myocardial T2-star (T2∗) magnetic resonance imaging decreased (from 36.2 ± 2.5 ms to 31.1 ms) during pregnancy. These findings emphasize the elevated maternal risk of iron-related cardiomyopathy during pregnancy and labor, stressing the importance of cardiac monitoring and postpartum chelation therapy resumption.
Association of polycystic ovary syndrome or anovulatory infertility with offspring psychiatric and mild neurodevelopmental disorders: a Finnish population-based cohort study.; STUDY QUESTION: Is maternal polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) associated with increased risks for a broad spectrum of psychiatric and mild neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring? SUMMARY ANSWER: Maternal PCOS and/or anovulatory infertility is independently, and jointly with maternal obesity, perinatal problems, cesarean delivery and gestational diabetes, associated with increased risks in offspring for almost all groups of psychiatric and mild neurodevelopmental disorders with onset in childhood or adolescence. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Maternal PCOS was previously associated with autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorders and possibly developmental delay in offspring. Few studies have investigated the association between maternal PCOS and other psychiatric and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This was a population-based cohort study in Finland including all live births between 1996 and 2014 (n = 1 105 997). After excluding births to mothers with symptoms similar to PCOS, a total of 1 097 753 births by 590 939 mothers remained. Children were followed up until 31 December 2018, i.e. up to the age of 22 years. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: National registries were used to link data of the included births and their mothers. Data from 24 682 (2.2%) children born to mothers with PCOS were compared with 1 073 071 (97.8%) children born to mothers without PCOS. Cox proportional hazards modeling was used to evaluate the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% CI for the risk of neuropsychiatric disorders in relation to maternal PCOS. Stratified analyses were performed to test the independent role of PCOS and the joint effects of PCOS with maternal obesity, perinatal problems, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes and use of fertility treatment. The analysis was adjusted for maternal age, country of birth, marriage status at birth, smoking, parity, psychiatric disorders, prescription of psychotropic N05/N06 during pregnancy and systemic inflammatory diseases when applicable. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: A total of 105 409 (9.8%) children were diagnosed with a neurodevelopmental or psychiatric disorder. Firstly, maternal PCOS was associated with any psychiatric diagnosis (HR 1.32; 95% CI 1.27-1.38) in offspring. Particularly, the risk was increased for sleeping disorders (HR 1.46; 95% CI 1.27-1.67), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorders and conduct disorders (HR 1.42; 95% CI 1.33-1.52), tic disorders (HR 1.42; 95% CI 1.21-1.68), intellectual disabilities (HR 1.41; 95% CI 1.24-1.60), autism spectrum disorder (HR 1.40; 95% CI 1.26-1.57), specific developmental disorders (HR 1.37; 95% CI 1.30-1.43), eating disorders (HR 1.36; 95% CI 1.15-1.61), anxiety disorders (HR 1.33; 95% CI 1.26-1.41), mood disorders (HR 1.27; 95% CI 1.18-1.35) and other behavioral and emotional disorders (ICD-10 F98, HR 1.49; 95% CI 1.39-1.59). In short, there was no significant difference between sexes. The results were robust when restricting the analyses to the first-born children or births to mothers without psychiatric diagnosis or purchase of psychotropic medication. Secondly, stratified analysis according to maternal BMI showed that the risk of any neuropsychiatric disorder was increased in offspring to normal-weight mothers with PCOS (HR 1.20; 95% CI 1.09-1.32), and markedly higher in those to severely obese mothers with PCOS (HR 2.11; 95% CI 1.76-2.53) compared to offspring to normal-weight mothers without PCOS. When excluding perinatal problems, mothers with PCOS were still associated with increased risks of any neuropsychiatric disorders in offspring (HR 1.28; 95% CI 1.22-1.34) compared to mothers without PCOS. However, an additional increase was observed for PCOS in combination with perinatal problems (HR 1.99; 95% CI 1.84-2.16). Likewise, excluding cases with maternal gestational diabetes (HR 1.30; 95% CI 1.25-1.36), cesarean delivery (HR 1.29; 95% CI 1.23-1.35) or fertility treatment (HR 1.31; 95% CI 1.25-1.36) did not eliminate the associations. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The register-based prevalence of PCOS was lower than previously reported, suggesting that this study may capture the most severe cases. To combine anovulatory infertility with PCOS diagnosis as PCOS exposure might introduce diagnostic bias. It was not feasible to distinguish between subtypes of PCOS. Furthermore, familial factors might confound the association between maternal PCOS and neuropsychiatric disorders in offspring. Maternal BMI was available for birth cohort 2004-2014 only and there was no information on gestational weight gain. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: This study provides further evidence that maternal PCOS and/or anovulatory infertility, independently and jointly with maternal obesity, perinatal problems, gestational diabetes and cesarean delivery, implies a broad range of adverse effects on offspring neurodevelopment. These findings may potentially help in counseling and managing pregnancies. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was supported by the joint research funding of Shandong University and Karolinska Institute (SDU-KI-2019-08 to X.C and C.L.), THL Finnish Institute for Health and Welfare: Drug and pregnancy project [M.G.], the Swedish Research Council [2014-10171 to C.L.], the regional agreement on medical training and clinical research (ALF) between Stockholm County Council and Karolinska Institute Stockholm County Council [SLL20170292 to C.L.], the Swedish Brain Foundation [FO2018-0141 and FO2019-0201 to C.L.]. X.C. was supported by the China Scholarship Council during her training in Karolinska Institute. L.K. was supported by the China Scholarship Council for his PhD study in Karolinska Institute. The authors have no competing interests to disclose. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Secondary effects of antipsychotics: women at greater risk than men.; CONTEXT: The health burden of antipsychotic medication is well known, but the disproportionate effect on women as compared with men is underappreciated. OBJECTIVE: The goal of this article is preventive--to better inform clinicians so that the risks to women and to their offspring can be diminished. METHOD: All PubMed sources in which the search term gender (or sex) was linked to a side effect of antipsychotic medication were reviewed. RESULT: There is general agreement in the literature on women's increased susceptibility to weight gain, diabetes, and specific cardiovascular risks of antipsychotics, with less consensus on malignancy risks and risks to the fetus. Cardiovascular death, to which men are more susceptible than women, is disproportionately increased in women by the use of antipsychotics. Sedating antipsychotics raise the risk of embolic phenomena during pregnancy, and postpartum. Prolactin-elevating drugs suppress gonadal hormone secretion and may enhance autoimmune proclivity. CONCLUSIONS: Clinicians need to be aware of the differential harm that women (and their offspring) can incur from the side effects of antipsychotics.
Systemic diseases caused by oral infection.; Recently, it has been recognized that oral infection, especially periodontitis, may affect the course and pathogenesis of a number of systemic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, bacterial pneumonia, diabetes mellitus, and low birth weight. The purpose of this review is to evaluate the current status of oral infections, especially periodontitis, as a causal factor for systemic diseases. Three mechanisms or pathways linking oral infections to secondary systemic effects have been proposed: (i) metastatic spread of infection from the oral cavity as a result of transient bacteremia, (ii) metastatic injury from the effects of circulating oral microbial toxins, and (iii) metastatic inflammation caused by immunological injury induced by oral microorganisms. Periodontitis as a major oral infection may affect the host's susceptibility to systemic disease in three ways: by shared risk factors; subgingival biofilms acting as reservoirs of gram-negative bacteria; and the periodontium acting as a reservoir of inflammatory mediators. Proposed evidence and mechanisms of the above odontogenic systemic diseases are given.
A low-protein isocaloric diet during gestation affects brain development and alters permanently cerebral cortex blood vessels in rat offspring.; In humans, low birth weight is associated with nonfatal stroke, cardiovascular disease and diabetes at adulthood. The aim of this study was to investigate in rats the effect of early protein restriction, inducing low birth weight, on brain and endocrine pancreas vascularization at birth and to study if such alterations lasted until adulthood. Pregnant rats were fed either 20 or 8% protein isocaloric diets. Control newborns were nursed by their dams fed the 20% protein diet and low protein (LP) pups by dams fed either the 8 or 20% protein diet. The diets given during lactation were maintained until adulthood. The blood vessel density of cerebral cortex analyzed by morphometry in 3-d-old pups from dams fed the 8% protein diet was lower than in control (C). It remained lower at adulthood whether a LP or a C diet was given postnatally. Reduction of vascularization at adulthood induced by the LP diet limited to fetal life seems characteristic for the brain since vascularization of islets of Langerhans was reduced in neonates but normalized at adulthood by a C diet postnatally. Body and brain weights were lower in LP pups and adults. DNA concentration was lower in forebrain and higher in cerebellum in LP pups. In brain of LP adults, DNA, protein, cholesterol and phospholipid concentrations were lower and were restored at adulthood by a normal diet after birth. In conclusion, cerebral cortex of offspring exposed to a LP isocaloric diet during fetal development showed reduced vascularization which remained throughout life.
Differential risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among Hispanic women.; Preeclampsia and gestational hypertension are leading complications of pregnancy that also portend increased risk of future chronic hypertension. Although rates of chronic hypertension differ between non-Hispanic Caucasian and Hispanic women, few studies examined their relative rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The purpose of this study was to compare the risk of preeclampsia and gestational hypertension in a prospective cohort of normotensive, nulliparous Hispanic (n = 863) and non-Hispanic Caucasian women (n = 2,381). Compared with non-Hispanic Caucasian women, Hispanic women demonstrated a significantly decreased incidence of gestational hypertension (1.6% versus 8.5%; P < 0.01), but a similar incidence of preeclampsia (3.8% versus 3.7%; P = 0.9). Adjusting for age, smoking, diabetes, BP, body mass index (BMI), and multiple gestation uncovered an increased relative risk (RR) for preeclampsia among Hispanic women (RR 1.9; 95% CI, 1.1 to 3.3; P = 0.01), while their relative risk for gestational hypertension remained significantly decreased (RR 0.39; 95% CI, 0.22 to 0.72; P < 0.01). Among women who initially presented with hypertension during pregnancy, Hispanic women were over threefold (hazard ratio 3.3; 95% CI, 1.9 to 6.0; P < 0.01) more likely to develop preeclampsia than non-Hispanic Caucasian women. Besides Hispanic ethnicity, baseline BP, BMI, diabetes, and multiple gestation were independent risk factors for preeclampsia, whereas only baseline BP and BMI were associated with gestational hypertension. Socioeconomic status and access to prenatal care were not associated with either disorder. Hispanic ethnicity is independently associated with increased risk for preeclampsia and decreased risk for gestational hypertension. The initial presentation of hypertension during pregnancy in Hispanic women most likely represents early preeclampsia.
Age, body mass index and 2-hour plasma glucose are the major determinants of blood pressure in Chinese women newly diagnosed to have glucose intolerance.; Hypertension and diabetes frequently coexist and greatly increase cardiovascular risk. There are relatively few data on the relationship between blood pressure and plasma glucose in newly diagnosed diabetic subjects especially in Chinese. We examined the glycaemic status, blood pressure profiles and other clinical and biochemical characteristics in 1298 Hong Kong Chinese women. These women were referred to the Diabetes and Endocrine Center of the Prince of Wales Hospital for screening of diabetes. The reasons for referral included a positive family history of diabetes or a history of gestational diabetes. Of the 1298 subjects, 836 (64.4%) had normal oral glucose tolerance test, 284 (21.9%) had impaired glucose tolerance and 178 (13.7%) had diabetes. Compared to non-diabetic subjects, the odds ratio (95% confidence interval) of having hypertension in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance or diabetes were 2.83 (1.90, 4.23) (P<0.001) and 5.94 (3.94, 8.96) (P<0.001), respectively. When analyzed as a continuous variable by age-adjusted partial correlation coefficients, systolic blood pressure was correlated with body mass index, fasting and 2-h plasma glucose, while diastolic blood pressure was correlated with body mass index. Using age, body mass index, fasting and 2-h plasma glucose, glycated hemoglobin, cholesterol, triglyceride and smoking as independent variables in multivariate analysis, hypertension was independently related to age, body mass index and 2-h plasma glucose. In conclusion, increased blood pressure was common in Hong Kong Chinese women who were newly diagnosed to have glucose intolerance. Apart from age and body mass index, plasma glucose was an independent determinant for blood pressure in these subjects.
Preeclampsia and future cardiovascular disease in women: How good are the data and how can we manage our patients?; Women with a history of preeclampsia have double the risk of future heart disease and stroke, and elevated risks of hypertension and diabetes. The American Heart Association (AHA) and the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology now include preeclampsia as a risk factor for future cardiovascular disease (CVD) with the recommendation of obtaining a history of preeclampsia and improving lifestyle behaviors for women with such a history. Research has progressed from asking whether preeclampsia is associated with CVD to how preeclampsia is associated with CVD, and the implications for prevention of CVD among women with a history of preeclampsia. A history of preeclampsia "unmasks" future CVD risk; research is inconclusive whether it also causes vascular damage that leads to CVD. For women with prior preeclampsia, the AHA recommends CVD risk reduction actions similar to those for other "at risk" groups: cessation of cigarette smoking, physical activity, weight reduction if overweight or obese and counseling to follow a "DASH" like diet. The efficacy of these lifestyle modifications to lower risk of CVD in women with prior preeclampsia remains to be determined. Barriers exist to implementing lifestyle improvement measures in this population, including lack of awareness of both patients and clinicians of this link between preeclampsia and CVD. We review patient, provider, and systems level barriers and solutions to leverage this information to prevent CVD among women with a history of preeclampsia.
Is single umbilical artery an independent risk factor for perinatal mortality?; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate perinatal outcome of fetuses with isolated single umbilical artery (SUA), and specifically to examine whether an isolated SUA is an independent risk factor for perinatal mortality. METHODS: A population-based study was conducted, comparing pregnancies of women with and without SUA. Deliveries occurred between the years 1988-2006, in a tertiary medical center. Multiple gestations, chromosomal abnormalities and malformations were excluded from the analysis. Stratified analysis was performed using multiple logistic regression models to evaluate the association between SUA and perinatal mortality, while controlling for confounders. RESULTS: Out of 194,809 deliveries, 243 (0.1%) were of fetuses with isolated SUA. Fetuses with SUA were smaller (2,844 ± 733 vs. 3,197 ± 530 g, P < 0.001), and were delivered at an earlier gestational age (38.3 ± 3.0 vs. 39.3 ± 2.1 weeks, P < 0.001), when compared with fetuses with normal umbilical vessels. Mothers to fetuses with isolated SUA tended to have a history of infertility treatments (4.5 vs. 1.7%; P = 0.001) when compared with the comparison group. Fetuses with SUA had more complications, including fetal growth restriction (FGR 9.5 vs. 1.9%, P < 0.001), polyhydramnios (11.5 vs. 3.7%; P < 0.001) and oligohydramnios (6.6 vs. 2.2%; P < 0.001). Deliveries of SUA fetuses had higher rates of placental abruption (3.3 vs. 0.7%; P < 0.001), placenta previa (1.2 vs. 0.4%; P = 0.03) and cord prolapse (2.9 vs. 0.4%; P < 0.001). Higher rates of cesarean deliveries were noted in this group (23.9 vs. 12.2%; P < 0.001). SUA newborns had higher rates of low Apgar scores (<7) in one (11.8 vs. 3.7%; P < 0.001) and 5 min (3.5 vs. 0.4%; P < 0.001). Higher rates of perinatal mortality were noted in the SUA group, as compared to fetuses with normal umbilical vessels (6.6 vs. 0.9%, OR 7.78; 95% CI 4.7-13.0; P < 0.001). Using a multiple logistic regression model, controlling for possible confounders, such as FGR, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, prolapse of cord, maternal hypertension and diabetes mellitus, isolated SUA remained an independent risk factor for perinatal mortality (adjusted OR = 3.91, 95% CI 2.06-7.43; P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Isolated SUA in our population was noted as an independent risk factor for perinatal mortality.
PP155. Relationship between overnight blood pressure and snoring during pregnancy.; INTRODUCTION: Snoring increases during the last trimester of pregnancy and is linked with both gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes. Previous studies have used questionnaires to determine the presence and severity of snoring. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to compare self- reported and objectively measured snoring in pregnancy. METHODS: We studied 154 pregnant women. The results from the "Do you snore?" question of the Berlin questionnaire was compared with objectively measured snoring obtained during an at-home SonoMat™ study (a thin mattress overlay with sensors that measure breath sounds, breathing movement, heart sounds and body movement). RESULTS: Ninety eight women (mean gestation 28±7 weeks) answered "Yes" to the question "Do you snore?"; 48 women answered "No"; and 8 women answered "I don't know". In the group who answered "Yes", recorded snoring average was 20±19% of the night; in the "No" group, recorded snoring was 13±22% and in the "I don't know" group snoring was recorded as 22±21%. There was a significant difference between the percentages of snoring recorded in women who answered "yes" compared to those who answered "no" (p=0.04) but no other differences between groups. CONCLUSION: Snoring is very common in pregnancy, but questionnaire results provide only an approximate estimate of the presence of snoring. Importantly, significant snoring was present in 24% of women who denied snoring, and a significant number of women who reported snoring had minimal objectively recorded snoring. Objective measurement of snoring is needed to determine whether snoring is present in pregnant women.
Roles of oral bacteria in cardiovascular diseases--from molecular mechanisms to clinical cases: Implication of periodontal diseases in development of systemic diseases.; Periodontal diseases, some of the most common infectious diseases seen in humans, are characterized by gingival inflammation, as well as loss of connective tissue and bone from around the roots of the teeth, which leads to eventual tooth exfoliation. In the past decade, the association of periodontal diseases with the development of systemic diseases has received increasing attention. Although a number of studies have presented evidence of close relationships between periodontal and systemic diseases, the majority of findings are limited to epidemiological studies, while the etiological details remain unclear. Nevertheless, a variety of recent hypothesis driven investigations have compiled various results showing that periodontal infection and subsequent direct oral-hematogenous spread of bacteria are implicated in the development of various systemic diseases. Herein, we present current understanding in regard to the relationship between periodontal and systemic diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, preterm delivery of low birth weight, diabetes mellitus, respiratory diseases, and osteoporosis.
Implementation of guidelines for multidisciplinary team management of pregnancy in women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac conditions: results from a UK national survey.; BACKGROUND: Despite numerous publications stating the importance of multidisciplinary care for women with pre-existing medical conditions, there is a lack of evidence regarding structure or processes of multidisciplinary working, nor impact on maternal or infant outcomes. This study aimed to evaluate the implementation of guidelines for multidisciplinary team (MDT) management in pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac conditions. These conditions were selected as exemplars of increasingly common medical conditions in pregnancy for which MDT management is recommended to prevent or reduce adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. METHODS: National on-line survey sent to clinicians responsible for management or referral of women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac conditions in UK National Health Service (NHS) maternity units. The survey comprised questions regarding the organisation of MDT management for women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac conditions. Content was informed by national guidance. RESULTS: One hundred seventy-nine responses were received, covering all health regions in England (162 responses) and 17 responses from Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. 132 (74%) related to women with diabetes and 123 (69%) to women with cardiac conditions. MDT referral was reportedly standard practice in most hospitals, particularly for women with pre-existing diabetes (88% of responses vs. 63% for cardiac) but there was wide variation in relation to MDT membership, timing of referral and working practices. These inconsistencies were evident within and between maternity units across the UK. Reported membership was medically dominated and often in the absence of midwifery/nursing and other allied health professionals. Less than half of MDTs for women with diabetes met the recommendations for membership in national guidance, and although two thirds of MDTs for women with cardiac disease met the core recommendations for membership, most did not report having the extended members: midwives, neonatologists or intensivists. CONCLUSIONS: The wide diversity of organisational management for women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac conditions is of concern and merits more detailed inquiry. Evidence is also required to support and better define the recommendations for MDT care.
Metformin prescription for U.S. veterans with prediabetes, 2010-2019.; Affecting an estimated 88 million Americans, prediabetes increases the risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and independently, cardiovascular disease, retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Nevertheless, little is known about the use of metformin for diabetes prevention among patients in the Veterans Health Administration, the largest integrated healthcare system in the U.S. This is a retrospective observational cohort study of the proportion of Veterans with incident prediabetes who were prescribed metformin at the Veterans Health Administration from October 2010 to September 2019. Among 1,059,605 Veterans with incident prediabetes, 12,009 (1.1%) were prescribed metformin during an average 3.4 years of observation after diagnosis. Metformin prescribing was marginally higher (1.6%) among those with body mass index (BMI) ≥35 kg/m(2), age <60 years, HbA(1c)≥6.0%, or those with a history of gestational diabetes, all subgroups at a higher risk for progression to T2DM. In a multivariable model, metformin was more likely to be prescribed for those with BMI ≥35 kg/m(2) incidence rate ratio [IRR] 2.6 [95% confidence intervals (CI): 2.1-3.3], female sex IRR, 2.4 [95% CI: 1.8-3.3], HbA(1c)≥6% IRR, 1.93 [95% CI: 1.5-2.4], age <60 years IRR, 1.7 [95% CI: 1.3-2.3], hypertriglyceridemia IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.2-1.9], hypertension IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1-2.1], Major Depressive Disorder IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1-2.0], or schizophrenia IRR, 2.1 [95% CI: 1.2-3.8]. Over 20% of Veterans with prediabetes attended a comprehensive structured lifestyle modification clinic or program. Among Veterans with prediabetes, metformin was prescribed to 1.1% overall, a proportion that marginally increased to 1.6% in the subset of individuals at highest risk for progression to T2DM.
Cardiomyopathy and angiogenesis defects of Wistar rat fetuses of diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to illustrate the histogenesis, lactic dehydrogenase isoenzymes electrophoresis, and DNA damage of cardiac muscles and blood vessels during prenatal life of maternal diabetic or hypercholesterolemic mother. METHODS: Eighty fertile male and virgin female Wistar rats (1 male/3 females), weighing approximately 130 g, were mated and zero date of gestation was determined. Diabetes was induced at the fifth day of gestation by intraperitoneal injection of a single dose of 60 mg streptozotocin/kg body weight in citrate buffer, pH 4.6. At the same time, hypercholesterolemia was carried out by feeding virgin rats a diet containing 3% cholesterol for 6 wk before the onset of conception. Pregnant rats were arranged into three groups: control, diabetic, and hypercholesterolemic (n = 20). The animals were sacrificed and embryos were separated at 7-, 13-, 15-, 17-, and 19 d old, respectively, and subjected to light and transmission electron microscopy, lactic dehydrogenases isoenzymes electrophoresis, DNA fragmentation, and comet assay. The sera of the mothers were examined for fasting glucose level, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, and creatine phosphokinase levels. RESULTS: Diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers exhibited a significant increase of sera cholesterol level, low-density lipoprotein, and creatine phosphokinase activity. Histologic findings of embryos of diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers revealed cardiomyopathy and malformation of blood vessels with an apparent degeneration of their endothelium. Transmission electron microscopy possessed massive necrosis of muscle fibers, disorganization of Z and I bands, and mitochondrial damage. Lactic dehydrogenase isoenzyme electrophoresis was altered and genomic DNA fragmentation was markedly increased. CONCLUSION: Maternal diabetes or hypercholesterolemia led to marked alterations in blood vessel differentiation as well as to cardiomyopathy during prenatal growth as assessed by the disruption of fine structures, abnormal lactic dehydrogenase isoenzymes electrophoresis, and an increase of DNA damage. These may be attributed to the marked oxidative stress and liberation of free oxygen radicals, which interrupted the myocardium structure and function during organogenesis.
Periodontal disease and systemic disease. Clinical information for the practicing dentist.; The relationship between periodontal and systemic disease, previously called the "focal infection theory" or "focus of infection," has become an exciting area of clinical and laboratory research. Periodontal disease has been reported to influence diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, and respiratory disease. It also can influence the course and duration of pregnancy. This article reviews some of these associations and proposed mechanisms by which periodontal disease and systemic conditions influence each other. We also discuss clinical implications for our daily practice in dentistry.
Acute relaxation during pregnancy leads to a reduction in maternal electrodermal activity and self-reported stress levels.; BACKGROUND: Prenatal maternal stress can have adverse effects on birth outcomes and fetal development. Relaxation techniques have been examined as potential countermeasures. This study investigates different relaxation techniques and their effect on self-reported stress levels and physiological stress levels in pregnant women. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study, 38 pregnant women in their 30th to 40th gestational week were assigned to one of three, 20-min lasting relaxation groups: listening to music (N = 12), following a guided imagery (N = 12) or resting (N = 12). The intervention, i.e., acute relaxation (music, guided imagery or resting) took place once for each study participant. Study inclusion criteria were age over 18 years, German speaking, singleton and uncomplicated pregnancy during the 30th and 40th week of gestation. The stress levels were determined during the study. Current stress level during the study was assessed by a visual analogue scale. Chronic stress levels were assessed by the Trier Inventory of Chronic Stress and the Pregnancy Distress questionnaire. Multivariate analyses of covariance were performed and dependent measures included stress levels as well as physiological measures, i.e., cardiovascular activity (electrocardiogram) and skin conductance levels. RESULTS: All three forms of relaxation led to reduced maternal stress which manifested itself in significantly decreased skin conductance, F(3,94) = 18.011, p = .001, η(p)(2) = .365, and subjective stress levels after the interventions with no significant group difference. Post-intervention stress ratings were further affected by gestational age, with less subjective relaxation in women later in gestation, F (1, 34)=4.971, p = .032, η(p)(2) = .128. CONCLUSION: Independent of relaxation technique, single, 20-min relaxation intervention (music, guided imagery or resting) can significantly reduce maternal stress. Notably, women at an earlier stage in their pregnancy reported higher relaxation after the intervention than women later in gestation. Hence, gestational age may influence perceived stress levels and should be considered when evaluating relaxation or stress management interventions during pregnancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Not applicable.
Assessment of severe pulmonary disease in pregnancy with Swan-Ganz monitoring. A report of two cases.; Two parturients with severe pulmonary disease had cardiopulmonary hemodynamics assessed by invasive techniques, and vaginal delivery was conducted under continuous epidural anesthesia. Both patients demonstrated hypoxemia (F1O2 = 0.21%) by arterial blood gas analysis. Supplemental oxygen was administered throughout the last trimester of pregnancy. The patient with chronic pulmonary fibrosis had dyspnea at rest prior to pregnancy and delivered a viable, 1,400-gm infant prematurely. She died suddenly three weeks postpartum. The second patient, 41 years old, had a twin gestation. A pneumonectomy had been performed previously for tuberculosis. The patient demonstrated numerous bouts of acute pulmonary embarrassment and pneumonia, developed gestational diabetes and dyspnea late in gestation and spontaneously delivered two viable, 1,600-gm infants prematurely. All did well. Swan-Ganz catheters were used to assess cardiopulmonary hemodynamics in both patients. Epidural anesthesia was used successfully in both.
Association of N-Terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide Concentration in Early Pregnancy With Development of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Future Hypertension.; IMPORTANCE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with future cardiovascular disease, perhaps because of subclinical cardiac dysfunction before pregnancy leading to impaired adaptation to pregnancy. Natriuretic peptides are promising biomarkers for detecting subclinical cardiac dysfunction outside of pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether higher concentrations of N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) in early pregnancy would be associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and hypertension 2 to 7 years post partum. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study used data from the The Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study, a prospective multicenter observational study. A total of 4103 nulliparous women with complete data and no prepregnancy hypertension or diabetes who were treated at 8 clinical sites were included. Women were followed up with for 2 to 7 years after pregnancy. Data were collected from October 2010 to October 2017, and data were analyzed from August 2020 to November 2021. EXPOSURES: NT-proBNP concentration, measured using an electrochemiluminescence immunoassay from a first-trimester blood sample. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and incident hypertension (systolic blood pressure of 130 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure of 80 mm Hg or use of antihypertensive agents) at follow-up visit. RESULTS: A total of 4103 women met inclusion criteria; the mean (SD) age was 27.0 (5.6) years. Among these women, 909 (22.2%) had an adverse pregnancy outcome, and 817 (19.9%) had hypertension at the follow-up visit. Higher NT-proBNP concentrations were associated with a lower risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio per doubling, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.73-0.91), which persisted after adjustment for age, self-reported race and ethnicity, early-pregnancy body mass index, smoking, and aspirin use. Similarly, higher NT-proBNP concentration in early pregnancy was also associated with a lower risk of incident hypertension 2 to 7 years after delivery (adjusted odds ratio per doubling, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.77-0.93), an association that persisted after controlling for confounders, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, higher NT-proBNP concentrations in early pregnancy were associated with a lower risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and hypertension 2 to 7 years post partum. These findings suggest that normal early-pregnancy cardiovascular physiology, as assessed by NT-proBNP concentration, may provide biologic insights into both pregnancy outcome and cardiovascular disease risk.
Evaluation of the role of ischemia modified albumin in neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy.; BACKGROUND: Birth asphyxia is a leading cause of neonatal mortality. Ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) levels may have a predictive role in the identification and prevention of hypoxic disorders, as they increase in cases of ischemia of the liver, heart, brain, bowel, and kidney. PURPOSE: This study aimed to assess the value of IMA levels as a diagnostic marker for neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE). METHODS: Sixty newborns who fulfilled 3 or more of the clinical and biochemical criteria and developed HIE as defined by Levene staging were included in our study as the asphyxia group. Neonates with congenital malformation, systemic infection, intrauterine growth retardation, low-birth weight, cardiac or hemolytic disease, family history of neurological diseases, congenital or perinatal infections, preeclampsia, diabetes, and renal diseases were excluded from the study. Sixty healthy neonates matched for gestational age and with no maternal history of illness, established respiration at birth, and an Apgar score ≥7 at 1 and 5 minutes were included as the control group. IMA was determined by double-antibody enzymelinked immunosorbent assay of a cord blood sample collected within 30 minutes after birth. RESULTS: Cord blood IMA levels were higher in asphyxiated newborns than in controls (250.83±36.07 pmol/mL vs. 120.24±38.9 pmol/mL). Comparison of IMA levels by HIE stage revealed a highly significant difference among them (207.3±26.65, 259.28±11.68, 294.99±4.41 pmol/mL for mild, moderate, and severe, respectively). At a cutoff of 197.6 pmol/mL, the sensitivity was 84.5%, specificity was 86%, positive predictive value was 82.8%, negative predictive value was 88.3%, and area under the curve was 0.963 (P<0.001). CONCLUSION: IMA levels can be a reliable marker for the early diagnosis of neonatal HIE and can be a predictor of injury severity.
Outcome of pregnancy in Asian women with systemic lupus erythematosus: experience of a single perinatal centre in Singapore.; OBJECTIVE: To study maternal and fetal outcomes in women with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). MATERIALS AND METHODS: Retrospective study of 27 pregnancies in 18 women with SLE in a single centre. RESULTS: The mean age was 30 years and most patients were nulliparous. Twenty-six of 27 pregnancies were in disease remission at the time of booking. Renal impairment was present in 7 pregnancies (6 women), of whom 2 were in end-stage renal disease on dialysis. Gestational diabetes developed in 4 pregnancies. There were 6 cases of pre-existing hypertension and 5 with superimposed pre-eclampsia. One woman developed intrapartum eclampsia. Two women had secondary antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) and suffered late fetal losses; in addition, they also developed SLE flares in the form of autoimmune haemolytic anaemia in the postpartum period. There was no maternal mortality. There was one termination of pregnancy for severe renal disease. The median gestational age at delivery was 38 weeks (range, 24 to 40 weeks) and the mean birth weight was 3047 g; the median Apgar scores were 8 and 9 at 1 and 5 minutes of life, respectively. There were 5 cases of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), 4 of which occurred in women with renal impairment. There were no cases of congenital heart block or neonatal lupus. There was a late fetal loss at 24 weeks in a woman with secondary APS. There were 2 preterm deliveries (7.4%) due to intervention for IUGR. CONCLUSION: Good pregnancy outcomes can be expected in women with SLE in remission. Pre-pregnancy counselling is crucial to achieve this. All pregnancies should still be considered high risk and be managed jointly between the obstetricians, the perinatologists and the physicians. In particular, those with renal impairment are at increased risk of IUGR, superimposed pre-eclampsia and preterm births. Co-existing APS augurs a poorer prognosis for pregnancy outcome, and may present atypically as autoimmune haemolytic anaemia in the postpartum period.
The metabolic syndrome in women.; The metabolic syndrome is estimated to be present in 47 million US residents with a similar age-adjusted prevalence in men (24%) and women (23%). The consideration of various metabolic risk factors as a single entity in the metabolic syndrome provides clinicians with a tool by which they can identify a population at increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in women in the US. To reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, efforts have focused on modifying the metabolic risk factors that constitute the metabolic syndrome: abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and hypertension. In addition, because of several circumstances specific to women, including pregnancy, polycystic ovary syndrome, oral contraceptive therapy use, and menopause, there are special considerations regarding risk factor identification, modification, and clinical management. This article provides a review of diagnostic and therapeutic issues that clinicians should consider when caring for women at risk for developing or diagnosed with the metabolic syndrome.
Periodontal disease and systemic complications.; Periodontal diseases comprise a number of infectious and inflammatory conditions brought about by the interaction between supragingival and subgingival biofilms and the host inflammatory response. Periodontal diseases should be considered systemic conditions. This means that they are both modulated by the body's systems and play a role as a risk factor for systemic derangements. The current evidence supports some of these interactions, such as smoking as a risk factor for periodontal disease and diabetes mellitus, as both influenced by and influencing inflammatory changes in the periodontal tissue. Other potential associations are still being researched, such as obesity, hormonal changes, cardiovascular disease, and adverse outcomes in pregnancy. These, and others, still require further investigation before the repercussions of periodontal disease can be fully elucidated. Nevertheless, at the present time, the treatment of periodontal diseases-and, most importantly, their prevention-enables adequate intervention as a means of ensuring periodontal health.
Fully Automated R-peak Detection Algorithm (FLORA) for fetal magnetoencephalographic data.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Fetal magnetoencephalography (fMEG) is a method for recording fetal brain signals, fetal and maternal heart activity simultaneously. The identification of the R-peaks of the heartbeats forms the basis for later heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV) analysis. The current procedure for the evaluation of fetal magnetocardiograms (fMCG) is either semi-automated evaluation using template matching (SATM) or Hilbert transformation algorithm (HTA). However, none of the methods available at present works reliable for all datasets. METHODS: Our aim was to develop a unitary, responsive and fully automated R-peak detection algorithm (FLORA) that combines and enhances both of the methods used up to now. RESULTS: The evaluation of all methods on 55 datasets verifies that FLORA outperforms both of these methods as well as a combination of the two, which applies in particular to data of fetuses at earlier gestational age. CONCLUSION: The combined analysis shows that FLORA is capable of providing good, stable and reproducible results without manual intervention.
Maternal rubella and the congenital rubella syndrome.; The major goal of rubella immunization is the prevention of the congenital rubella syndrome. As many as 20 per cent of women in the reproductive age group in the United States continue to be susceptible to rubella despite the immunization programs currently in place. Intensified efforts are therefore needed to identify persons at risk for infection and to vaccinate them. Women who develop a rubella-like illness during pregnancy should have the diagnosis confirmed serologically because a diagnosis based on clinical criteria alone is unreliable and because of the serious implications of gestational rubella infection. The rubella virus can infect the fetus at any stage of pregnancy, but defects are rarely noted when this occurs after the 16th week of gestation. The most common abnormalities in the congenital rubella syndrome are hearing loss, mental retardation, cardiac malformations, and eye defects. Diabetes mellitus, thyroid disease, glaucoma, and other delayed manifestations of congenital rubella syndrome are common, thereby necessitating long-term followup of these patients. The detection of rubella-specific IgM antibodies in fetal blood is helpful in establishing the diagnosis prenatally and can aid in the management of pregnancies complicated by this infection. Susceptible women identified through screening during pregnancy should be immunized in the immediate postpartum or postabortion period. Although the live, attenuated rubella vaccine is contraindicated during pregnancy, pregnant women who are inadvertently immunized are not candidates for pregnancy termination because no defects consistent with congenital rubella have been reported to date in the offspring of other similarly vaccinated women.
The 9-Month Stress Test: Pregnancy and Exercise-Similarities and Interactions.; Of all physiological systems, the cardiovascular system takes on the most profound adaptation in pregnancy to support fetal growth and development. The adaptations that arise are systemic and involve structural and functional changes that can be observed at the cerebral, central, peripheral, and microvascular beds. This includes, although is not limited to, increased heart rate, stroke volume, and cardiac output with negligible change to blood pressure, reductions in vascular resistance, and cerebral blood flow velocity, systemic artery enlargement, and enhanced endothelial function. All of this takes place to accommodate blood volume expansion and ensure adequate fetal and maternal oxygen delivery. In some instances, the demand placed on the vasculature can manifest as cardiovascular maladaptation and thus, cardiovascular complications can arise. Exercise is recommended in pregnancy because of its powerful ability to reduce the incidence and severity of cardiovascular complications in pregnancy. However, the mechanism by which it acts is poorly understood. The first of our aims in this review was to describe the systemic adaptations that take place in pregnancy. Our second aim was to describe the influence of exercise on these systemic adaptations. It is anticipated that this review can comprehensively capture the extent of knowledge in this area while identifying areas that warrant further investigation.
Trends in Selected Chronic Conditions and Related Risk Factors Among Women of Reproductive Age: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, 2011-2017.; Introduction: Chronic diseases in the United States are the leading drivers of disability, death, and health care costs. In women of reproductive age (WRA), chronic disease and related risk factors can also affect fertility and reproductive health outcomes. This analysis of trends from 2011 to 2017 adds additional indicators and updates an analysis covering 2001-2009. Methods: Data from the 2011-2017 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System were analyzed for 265,544 WRA (18-44 years). To assess trends in 12 chronic conditions and related risk factors, we calculated annual prevalence estimates and adjusted prevalence ratios (APRs) with predicted marginals accounting for age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, education, and health care coverage. Results: From 2011 to 2017, prevalence decreased for current smoking (20.7%-15.9%; p < 0.001), gestational diabetes (3.1%-2.7%; p = 0.003), and high cholesterol (19.0%-16.7%; p < 0.001); prevalence increased for depression (20.4%-24.9%; p < 0.001) and obesity (24.6%-27.6%; p < 0.001). After adjustment, in 2017 WRA were more likely to report asthma (APR = 1.06; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01-1.11), physical inactivity (APR = 1.08; 95% CI = 1.04-1.12), obesity (APR = 1.15; 95% CI = 1.11-1.19), and depression (APR = 1.29; 95% CI = 1.25-1.34) compared with 2011. They were less likely to report high cholesterol (APR = 0.89; 95% CI = 0.85-0.94) in 2015 compared with 2011, and current smoking (APR = 0.86; 95% CI = 0.82-0.89) and gestational diabetes (APR = 0.84; 95% CI = 0.75-0.94) in 2017 compared with 2011. Conclusions: Some chronic conditions and related risk factors improved, whereas others worsened over time. Research clarifying reasons for these trends may support the development of targeted interventions to promote improvements, potentially preventing adverse reproductive outcomes and promoting long-term health.
Cardiometabolic disease in latin america: the role of fetal programming in response to maternal malnutrition.; Latin America is experiencing an epidemic of cardiovascular disease and type-2 diabetes mellitus. The rise in life-expectancy and increasingly rapid urbanization have resulted in a greater prevalence of overweight, obesity and metabolic syndrome. In Latin America, there is a high level of susceptibility to the development of insulin resistance and low-grade inflammation at relatively low levels of abdominal obesity. This susceptibility is associated with the adaptive response of the fetus to deficient fetal nutrition, which results in a loss of anatomical structures such as nephrons, cardiomyocytes and pancreatic beta cells. These adaptations may prove detrimental if food becomes abundant again after birth. In Latin America, the high prevalence of maternal and fetal malnutrition could mean that the resulting fetal adaptations may contribute to an increased risk of cardiometabolic disease. The socioeconomic differences that exist between developed and underdeveloped countries may be reflected in different biological adaptations, which could invalidate the diagnostic criteria and preventive and therapeutic approaches that have been recommended on the basis of research carried out in populations with different characteristics. Clinical studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of interventions recommended for preventing and aiding recovery from cardiometabolic disease in Latin America.
Social class and all-cause mortality in an urban population of North India.; BACKGROUND: There is a rapid emergence of cardiovascular disease in India with economic development, leading to an increase in mortality due to these diseases. The exact causes of death in India, however, are not known. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We studied randomly selected death records from 2222 (1385 men and 837 women) victims, aged 25-64 years, out of 3034 death records during 1999-2001 at the Municipal Corporation, Moradabad. All the families of these victims could be contacted individually to find out the causes of death, by scientists/doctors-administered pre-tested verbal autopsy questionnaires, completed with the help of spouses and local treating doctors practising in the concerned lane. Social classes were assessed by a questionnaire based on attributes of per capita income, occupation, education, housing and ownership of consumer luxury items in the household. RESULTS: Causes of mortality included infectious diseases (41.1%, n = 915) such as tuberculosis, pneumonia, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, diarrhea/dysentery, hepatitis B, and inflammatory brain infections as the commonest causes of death in the urban population of North India. The second most common causes of death were circulatory diseases (29.1%, n = 646), including heart attacks (10.0%), strokes (7.8%), valvular heart disease (7.2%, n = 160), sudden cardiac death, and inflammatory cardiac disease (each 2.0%, n = 44). Malignant neoplasm (5.8%, n = 131), injury (14.0%, n = 313), including accidents, fire and falls, and poisonings were also quite common causes of death. Miscellaneous causes of death were noted in 9.1% (n = 202) death records, including diabetes mellitus (2.2%, n = 49), suicides (1.8%, n = 41), congenital anomalies (1.0, n = 37), dental caries infections (1.9, n = 42), and burns (1.3%, n = 33). Pregnancy and perinatal causes (0.72%, n = 15) were not commonly recorded in our study. Circulatory diseases as the cause of mortality were statistically significantly more common among higher social classes (1-3) than in lower social classes (4 and 5) whose members died more often due to infections. Heart attacks, strokes, hypertension, diabetes and obesity were statistically significantly more common among higher social classes (1-3) as compared to classes 3 and 4, but tobacco intake showed only minor differences among various classes. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicates that circulatory diseases, injury and malignant diseases have become the major causes of death in India, after infections. Members of social classes 1-3 died more often due to circulatory diseases and members in lower social classes died more often due to infections. Urbanization with rapid changes in diet and lifestyle in various social classes, and possibly aging of the population seem to be responsible for the double burden of diseases, related to under- and over-nutrition, causing death in a developing economy. Monitoring of blood pressure and heart rate around the clock for 7 days, with data analysed chronobiologically can detect abnormal circadian patterns associated with a large increase in cardiovascular disease risk, greater than hypertension itself, allowing the institution of prophylactic treatment. Such prehabilitation may be particularly useful to curb the increasing burden of cardiovascular diseases in both developed and developing countries.
Ischemic heart disease in women: a focus on risk factors.; Heart disease remains a major contributor to morbidity and mortality in women in the United States and worldwide. This review highlights known and emerging risk factors for ischemic heart disease (IHD) in women. Traditional Framingham risk factors such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, smoking, as well as lifestyle habits such as unhealthy diet and sedentary lifestyle are all modifiable. Health care providers should be aware of emerging cardiac risk factors in women such as adverse pregnancy outcomes, systemic autoimmune disorders, obstructive sleep apnea, and radiation-induced heart disease; psychosocial factors such as mental stress, depression, anxiety, low socioeconomic status, and work and marital stress play an important role in IHD in women. Appropriate recognition and management of an array of risk factors is imperative given the growing burden of IHD and need to deliver cost-effective, quality care for women.
Association between periodontal pathogens and systemic disease.; A growing body of literature suggests that there is a link between periodontitis and systemic diseases. These diseases include cardiovascular disease, gastrointestinal and colorectal cancer, diabetes and insulin resistance, and Alzheimer's disease, as well as respiratory tract infection and adverse pregnancy outcomes. The presence of periodontal pathogens and their metabolic by-products in the mouth may in fact modulate the immune response beyond the oral cavity, thus promoting the development of systemic conditions. A cause-and-effect relationship has not been established yet for most of the diseases, and the mediators of the association are still being identified. A better understanding of the systemic effects of oral microorganisms will contribute to the goal of using the oral cavity to diagnose and possibly treat non-oral systemic disease.
Effect of maternal diabetes upon fetal rat myocardial and skeletal muscle glucose transporters.; We investigated the effect of streptozotocin-induced short-term maternal diabetes upon fetal rat myocardial and skeletal muscle glucose transporter Glut 1 (basal form) and Glut 4 (insulin-responsive form) protein concentrations by Western blot analysis. In the severely diabetic group (SEVERE-D, n = 17), a 3-fold increase in maternal and fetal glucose concentrations (p < 0.01) was associated with a 3-fold decline in maternal (p < 0.01) with no change in fetal insulin levels when compared with the streptozotocin-treated nondiabetic (n = 10) and vehicle-treated control (control, n = 14) groups. These changes in the SEVERE-D group when compared with controls were associated with a 30 and 65% decline, respectively, in fetal myocardial and skeletal muscle (forelimb and hind limb) Glut 1 protein concentrations. The fetal myocardium also demonstrated a 45% decline in Glut 4 protein levels. Fetal skeletal muscle Glut 4 protein, which was expressed only at very low levels in controls showed no change in SEVERE-D. Immunohistochemical analysis revealed a myocyte-plasma membrane association of Glut 1 and an intracellular Glut 4 distribution in the fetal myocardium and skeletal muscle. No Glut 1 immunoreactivity was noted in either the fetal myocardial or skeletal muscle perineural sheaths, blood vessels, or the entrapped fetal red blood cells. This subcellular localization pattern was unaltered in all three treatment groups. We conclude that maternal diabetes causing fetal hyperglycemia with normoinsulinemia suppresses fetal myocardial Glut 1 and Glut 4 and fetal skeletal muscle Glut 1. The decline in the plasma membrane associated Glut 1 concentrations may serve a protective function by reducing the glucose transport rate into fetal myocardial and skeletal muscle cells, which otherwise could be vulnerable to high circulating glucose. The in-utero maternal diabetes induced decrease in fetal myocardial intracellular-Glut 4 concentration could herald the emergence of insulin resistance.
Cardiovascular mortality in relation to birth weight of children and grandchildren in 500,000 Norwegian families.; AIMS: Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) have been related to low birth weight, suggesting the foetal environment may program future risk. Alternatively, common genetic factors for both low birth weight and CVD could explain such associations. We investigated associations between offspring birth weight and paternal and maternal cardiovascular mortality and offspring birth weight and cardiovascular mortality among all four grandparents, and further assessed the mediating role of maternal smoking during pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: All births from 1967 to 2008 that could be linked to parents and grandparents comprised the population (n = 1,004,255). The mortality follow-up among parents was from 1970 to 2008 and among grandparents from 1960 to 2008. The association of grandparental mortality with maternal smoking during pregnancy was analysed in a subpopulation of those born after 1997 (n = 345,624). Per quintile higher in birth weight was related to 0.82 (0.75-0.89) hazard ratio from coronary heart disease in mothers and 0.94 (0.92-0.97) in fathers. For stroke, these were 0.85 (0.78-0.92) and 0.94 (0.89-1.00), respectively. In grandparents for cardiovascular causes, the effects were 0.95 (0.93-0.96) (maternal grandmother), 0.97 (0.96-0.98) (maternal grandfather), 0.96 (0.94-0.98) (paternal grandmother), and 0.98 (0.98-1.00) (paternal grandfather). Adjusting for maternal smoking in pregnancy in the subpopulation accounted for much of the effect on grandparental cardiovascular mortality in all categories of birth weight. For grandparental diabetes mortality, U-shaped associations were seen with grandchild birth weight for the maternal grandmother and inverse associations for all other grandparents. CONCLUSION: Associations between CVD mortality in all four grandparents and grandchild birth weight exist, and while genetic and environmental factors may contribute to these, it appears that there is an important role for maternal smoking during pregnancy (and associated paternal smoking) in generating these associations. For diabetes, however, it appears that intrauterine environmental influences and genetic factors contribute to the transgenerational associations.
Umbilical artery blood flow characteristics in normal pregnancies.; 585 pregnant women were investigated with both conventional sonographic examination and color Doppler examination. The cases with intrauterine growth retardation, preeclampsia, twin pregnancies, congenital malformations and diabetes were excluded. The remaining 550 cases (between ages 16 and 40) were investigated in the first trimester and gestational ages were compatible with the last menstrual date. In order to evaluate fetal development, biparietal diameter, femur length, abdominal circumference, and estimated fetal weight were calculated by conventional ultrasonographic method. The application of Doppler ultrasound to the study of fetal umbilical arterial blood flow velocity is a relatively new technique. The failure to obtain useful Doppler signals was about 18-22% with pulse-wave Doppler system. Recently, color Doppler technology solved this problem. We used an ALOKA 680-SSD ultrasonography device and color Doppler ultrasonography technique and recorded umbilical arterial Doppler signals from every case and calculated classical Doppler indices--systolic/diastolic (S/D) ratio, pulsatility index (PI), Pourcelot index or resistive index (RI). Statistical comparisons were made by SPSS program. Correlation coefficient and R2 values between gestational age and other indices were calculated. The aforementioned values were r:-0.79; R2:0.63 0.63; r:-0.71; R2:0.50, r:-0.64; R2:0.41, for S/D, PI, RI, respectively.
Cardiovascular risk in the Asia-Pacific region from a nutrition and metabolic point of view: abdominal obesity.; The level of obesity within the Pacific Islands is extremely high and so is the prevalence of weight-related morbidity and mortality. In contrast, the level of obesity, as defined by the standard WHO classification, remains relatively low in most Asian countries, yet rates of obesity-related disease, such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease are increasing rapidly. Many Asian races appear to be susceptible to the development of excessive abdominal fatness, even at low levels of body mass index (BMI). In addition, the health consequences of weight gain appear to occur at much lower levels of BMI and are more intense than in those of European origin. The exact reasons for these ethnic variations in the development of coronary heart disease (CHD) remain unclear. It is likely that genetic differences contribute to this variation in CHD risk, but different dietary and physical activity patterns may also play a role. The advent of modernisation has resulted in marked changes in the level of physical activity and the food supply available throughout the Asia-Pacific region. There has been a shift towards higher intakes of fats (particularly animal fats and vegetable oils) and sugars. Urbanisation and occupational restructuring have reduced daily physical activity levels. As a result, the population mean BMI and consequent illness is increasing in many countries within the region. Recent studies have shown that infants who were undernourished in utero and then born small have a greater risk of developing abdominal obesity and related morbidity as adults. As undernutrition coexists with overnutrition throughout the Asia-Pacific, focusing efforts to improve nutrition during pregnancy will need to be combined with programs to prevent weight gain in adults if CHD and other chronic diseases are to be effectively tackled in the region.
Impact of prior preterm or term small for gestational age birth on maternal blood pressure during the menopause transition in the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation.; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether blood pressure (BP) accelerates more rapidly during the menopause transition for women with a history of preterm or term small for gestational age (SGA) delivery compared to women with all term and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) births. METHODS: A longitudinal analysis was conducted with 1,008 parous women who had BP data at ≥2 study visits. We used generalized linear modeling to examine BP before the final menstrual period, at the final mentrual period, and up to 10 years after the final menstrual period, according to pregnancy group. We assessed maternal changes in BP over time in relation to years near the final menstrual period using a piece-wise linear model, consistent with menopause-induced changes. Models were adjusted for socio-demographics, body mass index, smoking, physical activity, medications, parity, age at first birth, gestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. RESULTS: At baseline, women were on average 46 years old, 101 (10%) reported a prior preterm birth, and 102 (10.1%) reported a term SGA birth. Compared to women with all term AGA births, women with a term SGA birth had higher BP before the final menstrual period, at the final menstrual period, and up to 10 years after the final menstrual period; women with a preterm birth had higher BP in the postmenopausal years. Annual rate of change in BP during the menopause transition did not differ between pregnancy groups. CONCLUSIONS: Women with a history preterm and term SGA delivery have higher BP than women with all term AGA births during the menopause transition, but rate of change in BP does not differ in these groups relative to final menstrual period.
A review of the influence of periodontal treatment in systemic diseases.; The effects and consequences of periodontal diseases might not be confined to the oral cavity. A great body of evidence has arisen supporting the claim demonstrating an association with several systemic conditions and diseases. With different levels of evidence, an association between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease, diabetes, psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, pregnancy outcomes and respiratory diseases has been established. However, the true nature of this association, if it is causal, still remains elusive. For a better understanding of the complex relationships linking different conditions, interventional studies now begin to focus on the possible outcomes of periodontal treatment in relation to the events, symptoms and biomarkers of several systemic disorders, assessing if periodontal treatment has any impact on them, hopefully reducing their severity or prevalence. Therefore, we proceeded to review the recent literature on the subject, attempting to present a brief explanation of the systemic condition or disease, what proposed mechanisms might give biological plausibility to its association with periodontal disease, and finally and more importantly, what data are currently available pertaining to the effects periodontal treatment may have. Raising awareness and discussing the possible benefits of periodontal treatment on overall systemic health is important, in order to change the perception that periodontal diseases are only limited to the oral cavity, and ultimately providing better and comprehensive care to patients.
Hypothalamic endoplasmic reticulum stress and insulin resistance in offspring of mice dams fed high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation.; OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to determine the presence early of markers of endoplasmic reticulum stress (ERS) and insulin resistance in the offspring from dams fed HFD (HFD-O) or standard chow diet (SC-O) during pregnancy and lactation. MATERIALS/METHODS: To address this question, we evaluated the hypothalamic and hepatic tissues in recently weaned mice (d28) and the hypothalamus of newborn mice (d0) from dams fed HFD or SC during pregnancy and lactation. RESULTS: Body weight, adipose tissue mass, and food intake were more accentuated in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice. In addition, intolerance to glucose and insulin was higher in HFD-O mice than in SC-O mice. Compared with SC-O mice, levels of hypothalamic IL1-β mRNA, NFκB protein, and p-JNK were increased in HFD-O mice. Furthermore, compared with SC-O mice, hypothalamic AKT phosphorylation after insulin challenge was reduced, while markers of ERS (p-PERK, p-eIF2α, XBP1s, GRP78, and GRP94) and p-AMPK were increased in the hypothalamic tissue of HFD-O at d28 but not at d0. These damages to hypothalamic signaling were accompanied by increased triglyceride deposits, activation of NFκB, p-JNK, p-PERK and p-eIF2α. CONCLUSION: These point out lactation period as maternal trigger for metabolic changes in the offspring. These changes may occur early and quietly contribute to obesity and associated pathologies in adulthood. Although in rodents the establishment of ARC neuronal projections occurs during the lactation period, in humans it occurs during the third trimester. Gestational diabetes and obesity in this period may contribute to impairment of energy homeostasis.
Clinical Outcomes in High-Risk Pregnancies Due to Advanced Maternal Age.; Although the influence of advanced maternal age (AMA) and delayed childbearing on adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes has been studied extensively, no universal consensus on the definition of AMA exists. This terminology currently refers to the later years of a woman's reproductive life span and generally applies to women age ≥35 years. AMA increases the risk of pregnancy complications, including ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous abortion, fetal chromosomal abnormalities, congenital anomalies, placenta previa and abruption, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery. Such complications could be the cause of preterm birth and increase the risk of perinatal mortality. For women who have a chronic illness, pregnancy may lead to additional risk that demands increased monitoring or surveillance. The management of pregnant women of AMA requires understanding the relationship between age and preexisting comorbidities. The outcomes from pregnancy in AMA may have a negative impact on women's health as they age because of both the changes from the pregnancy itself and the increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. Postpartum depression affects women of AMA at higher rates. Links between preeclampsia and the risk of future development of cardiovascular disease require follow-up surveillance. The association between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and cognitive and brain functions needs further investigation of sex-specific risk factors across the life span. Educating providers and women of AMA is crucial to facilitate clinical decision making and such education should consider cultural influences, risk perception, and women's health literacy, as well as providers' biases and system issues.
Islamic fasting and health.; BACKGROUND: Muslims fast from sunrise to sunset during the month of Ramadan, the 9th lunar month. The duration of fasting varies from 13 to 18 h/day. Fasting includes avoidance of drinking liquids and eating foods. The aim of this article is to review health-related aspects of Ramadan fasting. METHODS: Related abstracts from 1960 to 2009 were obtained from Medline and local journals in Islamic countries. One hundred and thirteen articles meeting the criteria for paper selection were reviewed in depth to identify details of related materials. RESULTS: During the fasting days of Ramadan glucose homeostasis is maintained by meals taken before dawn and by liver glycogen stores. Changes in serum lipids are variable and depend on the quality and quantity of food consumption and changes in weight. Compliant, well-controlled type 2 diabetics may observe Ramadan fasting, but fasting is not recommended for type 1, noncompliant, poorly controlled and pregnant diabetics. There are no adverse effects of Ramadan fasting on the heart, lung, liver, kidney, eyes, hematologic profile, endocrine and neuropsychiatric functions. CONCLUSIONS: Although Ramadan fasting is safe for all healthy individuals, those with various diseases should consult their physicians and follow scientific recommendations.
Prenatal Choline Supplementation Diminishes Early-Life Iron Deficiency-Induced Reprogramming of Molecular Networks Associated with Behavioral Abnormalities in the Adult Rat Hippocampus.; BACKGROUND: Early-life iron deficiency is a common nutrient deficiency worldwide. Maternal iron deficiency increases the risk of schizophrenia and autism in the offspring. Postnatal iron deficiency in young children results in cognitive and socioemotional abnormalities in adulthood despite iron treatment. The rat model of diet-induced fetal-neonatal iron deficiency recapitulates the observed neurobehavioral deficits. OBJECTIVES: We sought to establish molecular underpinnings for the persistent psychopathologic effects of early-life iron deficiency by determining whether it permanently reprograms the hippocampal transcriptome. We also assessed the effects of maternal dietary choline supplementation on the offspring's hippocampal transcriptome to identify pathways through which choline mitigates the emergence of long-term cognitive deficits. METHODS: Male rat pups were made iron deficient (ID) by providing pregnant and nursing dams an ID diet (4 g Fe/kg) from gestational day (G) 2 through postnatal day (PND) 7 and an iron-sufficient (IS) diet (200 g Fe/kg) thereafter. Control pups were provided IS diet throughout. Choline (5 g/kg) was given to half the pregnant dams in each group from G11 to G18. PND65 hippocampal transcriptomes were assayed by next generation sequencing (NGS) and analyzed with the use of knowledge-based Ingenuity Pathway Analysis. Real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed to validate a subset of altered genes. RESULTS: Formerly ID rats had altered hippocampal expression of 619 from >10,000 gene loci sequenced by NGS, many of which map onto molecular networks implicated in psychological disorders, including anxiety, autism, and schizophrenia. There were significant interactions between iron status and prenatal choline treatment in influencing gene expression. Choline supplementation reduced the effects of iron deficiency, including those on gene networks associated with autism and schizophrenia. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal-neonatal iron deficiency reprograms molecular networks associated with the pathogenesis of neurologic and psychological disorders in adult rats. The positive response to prenatal choline represents a potential adjunctive therapeutic supplement to the high-risk group.
Prevalence of self-reported cardiovascular risk factors in Portuguese women: a survey after delivery.; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the pre-pregnancy prevalence of overweight/obesity, smoking, hypertension, dyslipidemia and diabetes mellitus, in women who delivered a live born. METHODS: In a birth cohort study, puerperae were consecutively recruited at five public maternities of Porto, Portugal (2005–2006). We included 7,381 women with complete data for the current analysis. Socioeconomic characteristics, smoking habits, pre-pregnancy weight and chronic diseases diagnosis were self-reported and height was measured. RESULTS: Before pregnancy, 21.3% of women were overweight and 8.8% were obese, 26.6% smoked and 11.2% were former smokers. The prevalence of hypertension, dyslipidemia and diabetes mellitus was 1.7, 1.7 and 0.6%, respectively, with an evident tendency to cluster. The prevalence of all cardiovascular risk factors, except smoking, increased with age and body mass index. Education and income were inversely associated with excessive weight. Current smokers were younger, thinner and in a lower socioeconomic position, whereas former smokers were older and in a higher socioeconomic position. CONCLUSION: Despite the low prevalence of hypertension, dyslipidemia and diabetes, their tendency to cluster and the increased prevalence among overweight/obese women highlight the high level of risk of this young female population.
Survival and complications in thalassemia.; The life expectancy of patients with thalassemia major has significantly increased in recent years, as reported by several groups in different countries. However, complications are still frequent and affect the patients' quality of life. In a recent study from the United Kingdom, it was found that 50% of the patients had died before age 35. At that age, 65% of the patients from an Italian long-term study were still alive. Heart disease is responsible for more than half of the deaths. The prevalence of complications in Italian patients born after 1970 includes heart failure in 7%, hypogonadism in 55%, hypothyroidism in 11%, and diabetes in 6%. Similar data were reported in patients from the United States. In the Italian study, lower ferritin levels were associated with a lower probability of experiencing heart failure and with prolonged survival. Osteoporosis and osteopenia are common and affect virtually all patients. Hepatitis C virus antibodies are present in 85% of multitransfused Italian patients, 23% of patients in the United Kingdom, 35% in the United States, 34% in France, and 21% in India. Hepatocellular carcinoma can complicate the course of hepatitis. A survey of Italian centers has identified 23 such cases in patients with a thalassemia syndrome. In conclusion, rates of survival and complication-free survival continue to improve, due to better treatment strategies. New complications are appearing in long-term survivors. Iron overload of the heart remains the main cause of morbidity and mortality.
Salivary melatonin levels and sleep-wake rhythms in pregnant women with hypertensive and glucose metabolic disorders: A prospective analysis.; In preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, the sympathetic nerves are activated, leading to disrupted sleep. Melatonin, which transmits information to regulate the sleep-wake rhythm and other such biorhythms, has been implicated in insulin resistance, antioxidant behaviors, and metabolic syndrome. In addition, its reduced secretion increases the risk of hypertension and diabetes. The aim of this study was to elucidate the features of melatonin secretion, sleep quality, and sleep-wake rhythms in pregnant women with complications. Fifty-eight pregnant women with pregnancy complications (hypertensive or glucose metabolic disorders) and 40 healthy pregnant women completed questionnaires, including sleep logs and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), during the second to third trimesters. Their salivary melatonin levels were also measured. Pregnant women with complications had significantly lower morning (p < 0.001), daytime (p < 0.01), evening (p < 0.001), night (p < 0.01), daily mean (p < 0.001), peak (p < 0.001), and bottom (p < 0.01) melatonin values than healthy pregnant women. Pregnant women with complications also had significantly smaller melatonin amplitudes than healthy pregnant women (p < 0.001). Among pregnant women with complications, the duration (p < 0.05) and frequency (p < 0.01) of wake after sleep-onset were significantly greater in the poor sleep group than in the favorable sleep group which was divided by PSQI cutoff value. Pregnant women with hypertensive or glucose metabolic disorder complications had smaller circadian variation in salivary melatonin secretion, and their values were lower throughout the day than healthy pregnant women.
OS031. Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves cardiovascular and metabolic health: Results of the pro-active study.; INTRODUCTION: Women with a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intra-uterine growth restriction and/or gestational diabetes are at increased risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Lifestyle intervention may help these women to effectively lower these risks. OBJECTIVES: To test if offering lifestyle intervention after a complicated pregnancy significantly reduces weight (primary objective) and/or other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors (secondary objective). METHODS: The Pro-Active study (Postpartum Rotterdam Appraisal of Cardiovascular health and Tailored Intervention) is a feasibility study to develop and evaluate a postpartum lifestyle intervention program. In a prospective case-control setting we tested the effect of the lifestyle intervention. Women were included between April 2007 and August 2009. They were eligible if ⩾18 years old at time of inclusion, being able to understand and speak the Dutch language and not having pre-existing conditions that could interfere with the lifestyle intervention. Cases were offered lifestyle intervention by a trained counsellor between 6 and 10 months postpartum. During 3 private sessions, mainly exercise and fat-intake and to some extend smoking habits were discussed and aims were made to improve lifestyle. Controls did not receive these sessions, but were not restricted to improve lifestyle on their own. Anthropometric and laboratory measurements were taken at 6 and 10 months postpartum and again at 13 months postpartum to test for durability of the effects. RESULTS: During our study 1121 women gave birth after a complicated pregnancy. Four hundred and ninety Women were eligible for the study of which 240 women (49%) gave informed consent to participate. 56 Women (23%) were lost-to-follow-up, leaving 186 women for the analysis. Between 6 and 13 months postpartum weight was significantly reduced in cases compared to controls by 2.1kg (95%>CI 0.4-3.7), resulting in a 0.7kg/m(2) (0.1-1.3) lower BMI. Also systolic blood pressure (5.0mmHg(0.3-9.7)), waist circumference (4.6cm(2.6-6.6)) and waist-to-hip ratio (0.03(0.01-0.04)) were significantly improved in cases compared to controls. Heart rate, hip circumference and total cholesterol were significantly improved within cases, but not compared to controls. Diastolic blood pressure and fasting glucose were not improved. CONCLUSION: Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy may be effective in lowering weight and improving other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors. It suggests that now is prudent and justified to start a large-scale randomised controlled trial to validate our results.
Impact of obesity on the prognosis of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.; The prevalence of pathologies due to placental dysfunction superimposed on pregnancy is constantly increasing. The prognosis of the cases complicated by gestational hypertension is usually good, significantly better compared with that of the cases associating preeclampsia. About half of the cases with gestational hypertension will progress to preeclampsia, the risk of decompensation being inversely proportional to the gestational age of the onset of gestational hypertension. The present study, analyzed the cases of pregnancy and postpartum complicated by pathologies related to placental dysfunction, during a period of 5 years. The risk factors analyzed were the presence of infections during pregnancy, diabetes, thrombophilia, pregnancy obtained by in vitro fertilization, abnormal adherence of the placenta, obesity, multiple pregnancy, the presence of an earlier hepatic, endocrine, renal, cardiac or autoimmune pathology, and the existence of an uterine malformation. Obesity appears with a significantly increased incidence in patients with gestational hypertension and middle preeclampsia. Intrauterine growth restriction appears with a significantly increased incidence in patients with mild preeclampsia. Complications such as prematurity, acute fetal distress and abruption of placentae had a significantly increased incidence in patients with severe preeclampsia. Thus, obese patients have a higher risk of moderate preeclampsia, following gestational hypertension and finally severe preeclampsia.
Maternal obesity, gestational hypertension, and preterm delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To study maternal obesity as a risk factor for preterm delivery. METHODS: Maine State Birth Records Database from 1996 through 2006 was evaluated to investigate obese pregnant women compared with normal weight women regarding risk for preterm delivery. Multiple risk factors and outcomes were studied in univariable and multivariable models. RESULTS: Among 58,112 pregnant women, 8% (n = 4653) gave birth to preterm infants. Univariable analyses revealed a relationship between obesity and increased risk of prematurity. In multivariable regressions, the most important intermediate variable appears to be gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: As maternal body mass index increases in pregnancy, the risk of preterm delivery and other maternal complications increases. The obesity-prematurity relationship is complex, with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy playing a crucial role. More detailed analyses of causal pathways are warranted.
Hyperglycemia inhibits retinoic acid-induced activation of Rac1, prevents differentiation of cortical neurons, and causes oxidative stress in a rat model of diabetic pregnancy.; Diabetes is a risk factor for neuronal dysfunction. Impairment in signaling mechanisms that regulate differentiation of neurons is hypothesized to be one of the main causes of neuronal dysfunction. Retinoic acid, a physiologically active retinoid synthesized from vitamin A, regulates neuronal differentiation during embryonic development and is required for maintenance of plasticity in differentiated neurons. To date, little is known about the molecular events underlying hyperglycemia-induced complications in the central nervous system (CNS). Here, we provide evidence, in a diabetes rat model, of hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress along with apoptotic stress in developing cortical neurons isolated from 16-day-old rat embryos. We also demonstrate impaired retinoic acid signaling that is involved in neuronal differentiation. Retinoic acid-induced neurite outgrowth and expression of neuronal markers were reduced in this model. The activation of small-molecular weight G-protein, Rac1, that mediates these effects was also reduced. Retinoic acid applied at a physiological concentration significantly decreased hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress and thus supported the antioxidant defense system. These results suggest that diabetes-induced neuronal complications during pregnancy might be due to impaired retinoic acid signaling, and exogenously administered retinoic acid may be useful against CNS complications associated with diabetes.
Treatment strategies in PCOS patients.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), with a prevalence of up to 7%, is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age. It is a complex metabolic-endocrine disorder with severe long-term health consequences, such as a higher risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. According to prospective studies, women with PCOS have abnormal glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus in 31.0-35.0% and 7.5-10.0% respectively. This risk is 2-3 times higher than normal. Insulin resistance plays a key role in the pathophysiology of this syndrome, and this makes the use of oral antidiabetic drugs most compelling. The majority of studies have shown amelioration of typical symptoms such as hyperandrogenism and cycle irregularities following the use of oral anti-diabetics, and ovulation and pregnancy rates increased. Furthermore, these drugs might be cardioprotective by improving insulin sensitivity and reducing the risk for type 2 diabetes. The best-investigated drug is metformin. Metformin is not approved for PCOS treatment in Germany and is a class B drug in pregnancy. In sterile PCOS patients, clomiphene citrate is still the first choice. The combination of clomiphene with metformin and lifestyle changes such as weight reduction and exercise might be superior to clomiphene alone. This article covers the use of different oral anti-diabetic drugs in the treatment of PCOS, and their influence on fertility and long-term health.
2021 Canadian Cardiovascular Society Guidelines for the Management of Dyslipidemia for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Adults.; The 2021 guidelines primary panel selected clinically relevant questions and produced updated recommendations, on the basis of important new findings that have emerged since the 2016 guidelines. In patients with clinical atherosclerosis, abdominal aortic aneurysm, most patients with diabetes or chronic kidney disease, and those with low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ≥ 5 mmol/L, statin therapy continues to be recommended. We have introduced the concept of lipid/lipoprotein treatment thresholds for intensifying lipid-lowering therapy with nonstatin agents, and have identified the secondary prevention patients who have been shown to derive the largest benefit from intensification of therapy with these agents. For all other patients, we emphasize risk assessment linked to lipid/lipoprotein evaluation to optimize clinical decision-making. Lipoprotein(a) measurement is now recommended once in a patient's lifetime, as part of initial lipid screening to assess cardiovascular risk. For any patient with triglycerides ˃ 1.5 mmol/L, either non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol or apolipoprotein B are the preferred lipid parameter for screening, rather than low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. We provide updated recommendations regarding the role of coronary artery calcium scoring as a clinical decision tool to aid the decision to initiate statin therapy. There are new recommendations on the preventative care of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Health behaviour modification, including regular exercise and a heart-healthy diet, remain the cornerstone of cardiovascular disease prevention. These guidelines are intended to provide a platform for meaningful conversation and shared-decision making between patient and care provider, so that individual decisions can be made for risk screening, assessment, and treatment.
Oral contraceptives, pregnancy and the risk of cerebral thromboembolism: the influence of diabetes, hypertension, migraine and previous thrombotic disease.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of developing cerebral thromboembolism among pregnant women and among fertile women with hypertension, migraine, diabetes, and previous thrombotic disease, and to investigate the interaction of these risk factors with the use of oral contraceptives. DESIGN: A retrospective case-control study. SETTING: All gynaecological, medical, neurological, and neurosurgical departments in Danish hospitals. SUBJECTS: Seven hundred and ninety-four women in Denmark aged 15 to 44 who suffered a cerebral thromboembolic attack during the period 1985 to 1989 and 1588 age-matched, randomly selected controls. RESPONSE: Of the 692 case and 1584 control questionnaires sent out, 590 (85.1%) and 1396 (88.1%), respectively, were returned. Of the 590 cases, nine had had cerebral thrombosis before 1980, 15 refused to participate, 44 had a revised diagnosis (primarily multiple sclerosis) and 25 had an unreliable diagnosis, leaving 497 with a reliable cerebral thromboembolic diagnosis. Among the 1396 controls, 26 either refused to participate, were mentally handicapped, lived abroad or returned an uncompleted questionnaire, leaving 1370 controls included in the study. RESULTS: After multivariate analysis, pregnancy implied an odds ratio (OR) for a cerebral thromboembolic attack of 1.3 (nonsignificant), diabetes an OR of 5.4 (P < 0.001), hypertension an OR of 3.1 (P < 0.001) and migraine an OR of 2.8 (P < 0.01). Women with previous non-cerebral thrombotic disease had an OR for cerebral thrombo-embolism of 5.3 (P < 0.001). Women with other predisposing medical diseases had an OR of 8.3 (P < 0.001). These ORs were identical among users and non-users of combined oral contraceptives. CONCLUSION: In this study pregnancy implied a non-significant elevated odds ratio of 1.3 for cerebral thromboembolism whereas diabetes, hypertension, migraine and past thromboembolic events increased the risk of cerebral thromboembolism significantly. Women with these increased thrombotic risks should use oestrogen-containing oral contraceptives only after careful considerations of the risks, if at all.
Cost and policy implications from the increasing prevalence of obesity and diabetes mellitus.; BACKGROUND: The increasing prevalence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM), among children and adults, has posed important policy and budgetary considerations to government, health insurance companies, employers, physicians, and health care delivery systems. OBJECTIVE: This article examines issues that are common to obesity and DM, including cost, clinical research, and treatment barriers, and proposes health policies to address these issues. METHOD: A manual review was performed of authoritative literature from peer-reviewed medical publications and recently published medical textbooks. RESULTS: Obesity has been disproportionately prevalent among women and minorities, accompanied by an increased risk for DM. Women have experienced an increased risk for the metabolic syndrome, DM, and cardiovascular disease after onset of menopause. Obesity has been related to an increased risk for breast cancer among women, and may be a barrier that prevents women from being screened for colon and breast cancers. Maternal obesity has been a risk factor for gestational DM. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity and DM represent crises for the health care system and the health of the public, incurring costs and disease burden for adults and children, with increasing costs and prevalence expected unless more coordinated efforts to address the causes of these conditions at the national level are implemented. An investment in infrastructure to promote increased physical activity and reward weight management may be budget neutral in the long term by reducing the costs of morbidity and mortality. About two thirds of the costs from DM complications could be averted with appropriate primary care.
The role of angiotensin-converting enzyme and apolipoprotein-E gene polymorphisms on lipid compositions in newborn infants with intrauterine growth restriction.; Recent findings suggest that hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus, coronary heart disease are more common in adults who born with intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Several studies have shown that polymorphisms in angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) and apolipoprotein-E (Apo-E) are effective in developing the insulin resistance and also in increasing the risk of coronary heart disease. In present study, the frequencies of ACE, Apo-E gene polymorphisms, apolipoprotein-B (Apo-B) mutation and lipid compositions were determined in full-term newborn infants with IUGR. Forty-four newborn infants who had completed 36 weeks of gestational age, 24 healthy infants and 20 with IUGR, were taken into the scope of the study. While total cholesterol (TC) and Apo-B concentrations in infants with IUGR was found to be significantly higher than that of the control group (p<0.05), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL) and Apo-A1 levels were similar (p>0.05). An insertion/deletion (I/D) polymorphism with a significantly increased frequency was observed in the IUGR group (65%) as compared with the control group (33%) (p<0.05). When the distribution of the Apo-E gene polymorphism (E2, E3 and E4) was studied, no difference was found between the IUGR and control groups with respect to frequency. No Apo-B gene mutation was identified in the study groups. In conclusion, we may suggest that I/D polymorphism is responsible, though in part, for the etiology of intrauterine growth restriction. Levels of total cholesterol and Apo-B are elevated in IUGR infants, suggesting a linkage between low birth weight and atherosclerosis.
Prevalence and Diagnosis of PCOS Using Electronic Health Records: A Scoping Review and a Database Analysis.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder affecting women of reproductive age. It increases the risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, endometrial cancer, infertility, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm birth. Accurately identifying predictors of these health risks is crucial. Electronic health records (EHRs) offer an affordable approach, however, the validity and reliability of EHRs for PCOS diagnosis are unclear. A scoping review of the literature on the prevalence and reliability of the diagnosis of PCOS using EHRs was performed. An analysis of the feasibility of obtaining diagnostic variables from a PCOS patient database was also carried out. Eight studies met the criteria. The prevalence of PCOS ranged from 0.27% to 5.8%. Reliability varied, with one study reporting a sensitivity of 50% and a specificity of 29%. Another study found a 74.4% agreement between international classification of disease (ICD) codes and clinical criteria. The database analysis found only 13.7%, 8%, and 7.5% of women had all the necessary variables for an objective diagnosis of PCOS using the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health (NIH), and Androgen Excess and PCOS Society (AEPCOS) criteria, respectively. Using EHRs results in an underestimation of PCOS prevalence compared to other diagnostic criteria, and many women identified may not meet the complete diagnostic criteria. These findings have implications for future research studies on PCOS prevalence and related health risks.
The early origins of later obesity: pathways and mechanisms.; Excess bodyweight is the sixth most important risk factor contributing to the overall burden of disease worldwide. In excess of a billion adults and 10% of all children are now classified as overweight or obese. The main adverse consequences of obesity are the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and a diminished average life expectancy. It has been argued that the complex pathological processes underlying obesity reflect environmental and genetic interactions, and individuals from disadvantaged communities seem to have greater risks than more affluent individuals partly because of fetal and postnatal programming interactions. Abundant evidence indicates that the obesity epidemic reflects progressive secular and age-related decreases in physical activity, together with passive over-consumption of energy dense foods despite neurobiological processes designed to regulate energy balance. The difficulty in treating obesity, however, highlights the deficits in our current understanding of the pathophysiology which underlies the initiation and chronic nature of this disorder. Large population based studies in Europe and North America in healthy women and in women with gestational diabetes have demonstrated that there are clear relationships between maternal and fetal nutrient supply, fetal growth patterns and the subsequent risk of obesity and glucose intolerance in childhood and adult life. In this review we discuss the impact of fetal nutrition on the biology of the developing adipocyte and brain and the growing evidence base supporting an intergenerational cycle of obesity.
Antenatal screening for Down's syndrome.; BACKGROUND: In 1968 the first antenatal diagnosis of Down's syndrome was made and screening on the basis of selecting women of advanced maternal age for amniocentesis was gradually introduced into medical practice. In 1983 it was shown that low maternal serum alpha fetoprotein (AFP) was associated with Down's syndrome. Later, raised maternal serum human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG), and low unconjugated oestriol (uE3) were found to be markers of Down's syndrome. In 1988 the three biochemical markers were used together with maternal age as a method of screening, and this has been widely adopted. PRINCIPLES OF ANTENATAL SCREENING FOR DOWN'S SYNDROME: Methods of screening need to be fully evaluated before being introduced into routine clinical practice. This included choosing markers for which there is sufficient scientific evidence of efficacy, quantifying performance in terms of detection and false positive rates, and establishing methods of monitoring performance. Screening needs to be provided as an integrated service, coordinating and managing the separate aspects of the screening process. SERUM MARKERS AT 15-22 WEEKS OF PREGNANCY: A large number of serum markers have been found to be associated with Down's syndrome between 15 and 22 weeks of pregnancy. The principal markers are AFP, hCG or its individual subunits (free alpha- and free beta-hCG), uE3, and inhibin A. Screening performance varies according to the choice of markers used and whether ultrasound is used to estimate gestational age (table 1). When an ultrasound scan is used to estimate gestational age the detection rate for a 5% false positive rate is estimated to be 59% using the double test (AFP and hCG), 69% using the triple test (AFP, hCG, uE3), and 76% using the quadruple test (AFP, hCG, uE3, inhibin A), all in combination with maternal age. Other factors that can usefully be taken into account in screening are maternal weight, the presence of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, multiple pregnancy, ethnic origin, previous Down's syndrome pregnancy, and whether the test is the first one in a pregnancy or a repeat. Factors such as parity and smoking are associated with one or more of the serum markers, but the effect is too small to justify adjusting for these factors in interpreting a screening test. URINARY MARKERS AND FETAL CELLS IN MATERNAL BLOOD: Urinary beta-core hCG has been investigated in a number of studies and shown to be raised in pregnancies with Down's syndrome. This area is currently the subject of active research and the use of urine in future screening programmes may be a practical possibility. Other urinary markers, such as total oestriol and free beta-hCG may also be of value. Fetal cells can be identified in the maternal circulation and techniques such as fluorescent in situ hybridisation can be used to identify aneuploidies, including Down's syndrome and trisomy 18. This approach may, in the future, be of value in screening or diagnosis. Currently, the techniques available do not have the performance, simplicity, or economy needed to replace existing methods. DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS: Demonstration projects are valuable in determining the feasibility of screening and in refining the practical application of screening. They are of less value in determining the performance of different screening methods. Several demonstration projects have been conducted using the triple and double tests. In general, the uptake of screening was about 80%. The screen positive rates were about 5-6%. About 80% of women with positive screening results had an invasive diagnostic test, and of those found to have a pregnancy with Down's syndrome, about 90% chose to have a termination of pregnancy. ULTRASOUND MARKERS AT 15-22 WEEKS OF PREGNANCY: There are a number of ultrasound markers of Down's syndrome at 15-22 weeks, including nuchal fold thickness, cardiac abnormalities, duodenal atresia, femur length, humerus length, pyelectasis, and hyperechogenic bowel. (ABSTRA
Maternal periodontal disease as a significant risk factor for low birth weight in pregnant women attending a secondary care hospital in South India: a case-control study.; CONTEXT: Periodontal disease (PD) is a common infection in the community; however, its relationship with low birth weight (LBW) has not been well-established. AIMS: The aim was to determine the association between maternal PD and LBW. SETTINGS AND DESIGN: A case-control (1:1) study. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study population comprised of women who delivered at the hospital during the study period (September 2011 to February 2012).Women between 18 and 35 years of age, who delivered singleton, live infants during study period with at least 18 teeth were enrolled. Those with pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, blood-borne viral infections, periodontal treatment within the past 6 months and valvular heart disease were excluded. Control population was parity matched to the cases. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS USED: Chi-square test, t-test and univariant and multivariant logistic regression were used to analyze various study findings, and level of significance was set at 5% (P<0.05). RESULTS: PD was independently associated with LBW (odds ratio: 4.94, 95% confidence interval: 1.03-23.65, P=0.045). Additionally, conventional risk factors such as maternal height (P=0.029), secondary schooling (<8 years of schooling) (P=0.001), socio-economic status (P=0.046), type of family (joint) (P=0.008), number of ante-natal visits (P=0.028) and gestational age at birth (<37 weeks) (P=0.045) showed significant association with LBW. CONCLUSIONS: There seems to be an association between PD and LBW independent of conventional risk factors. Women who had PD were 5 times more likely to deliver LBW infants.
Early life programming of abdominal adiposity in adolescents: The HELENA Study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relationship between birth weight and abdominal adiposity in adolescents. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 284 adolescents (49.3% of whom were female) aged 14.9 +/- 1.2 years were included in the study. Birth weight and gestational age were obtained from parental records. Abdominal adiposity (in three regions: R1, R2, and R3) and trunk and total body fat mass were measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry. Regional fat mass indexes (FMIs) were thereafter calculated as fat mass divided by the square of height (Trunk FMI and abdominal FMI R1, R2, and R3). RESULTS: Birth weight was negatively associated with abdominal FMI R1, R2, and R3 independently of total fat mass, gestational age, sex, breast-feeding duration, pubertal stage, physical activity, and socioeconomic status (all P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our study shows an inverse association between birth weight and abdominal adiposity in adolescents independently of total fat mass and other potential confounders. These findings suggest that fetal nutrition, as reflected by birth weight, may have a programming effect on abdominal adiposity later in life.
Evaluation of placental growth factor and soluble Fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 as predictors of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality in patients with Type 1 diabetes with and without diabetic nephropathy.; AIMS: Placental growth factor is a vascular endothelial growth factor involved in angiogenesis, vascular inflammation and plaque formation. Soluble Fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 is a decoy receptor for placental growth factor, reducing its activity. The aim of this study is to evaluate the predictive value of placental growth factor and soluble Fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 in relation to all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and decline in kidney function in Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: This was a prospective, observational follow-up study with 8 (0-13) years [median (range)] of follow-up, including patients with Type 1 diabetes, of whom 458 had diabetic nephropathy [278 men; age 42 ± 11 years (mean ± sd), diabetes duration 28 ± 9 years, glomerular filtration rate 76 ± 33 ml min(-1) 1.73 m(-2) ] and 442 had long-standing normoalbuminuria (234 men; age 45 ± 12 years, diabetes duration 28 ± 10 years). RESULTS: Placental growth factor and soluble Fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 levels measured at baseline were higher in patients with diabetic nephropathy compared with patients with long-standing normoalbuminuria [median (range)] 15 (4-131) vs. 11 (7-64) ng/l, (P < 0.001) and 86 (42-3462) vs. 77 (43-1557) ng/l (P < 0.001), respectively. In patients with diabetic nephropathy, high levels of placental growth factor predicted all-cause and cardiovascular mortality [hazard ratio 1.94 (1.16-3.24) and hazard ratio 2.91 (1.45-5.85)] after adjustment for sex, age, smoking, systolic blood pressure, HbA(1c) , cholesterol, glomerular filtration rate and previous cardiovascular disease. High levels of placental growth factor predicted increased risk of end-stage renal disease [hazard ratio 2.77 (1.47-5.14)], but covariate adjustments attenuated the association [hazard ratio 1.89 (0.91-3.95)]. Among patients with long-standing normoalbuminuria, placental growth factor levels predicted fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular events [hazard ratio 1.97 (1.03-3.76)], but not all-cause mortality. Baseline soluble Fms-like tyrosine kinase 1 levels did not predict outcome in either group after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Placental growth factor is elevated in patients with Type 1 diabetes and diabetic nephropathy and predicts all-cause and cardiovascular mortality, but not deterioration of kidney function.
Diagnosis and Management of Prediabetes: A Review.; IMPORTANCE: Prediabetes, an intermediate stage between normal glucose regulation and diabetes, affects 1 in 3 adults in the US and approximately 720 million individuals worldwide. OBSERVATIONS: Prediabetes is defined by a fasting glucose level of 100 to 125 mg/dL, a glucose level of 140 to 199 mg/dL measured 2 hours after a 75-g oral glucose load, or glycated hemoglobin level (HbA1C) of 5.7% to 6.4% or 6.0% to 6.4%. In the US, approximately 10% of people with prediabetes progress to having diabetes each year. A meta-analysis found that prediabetes at baseline was associated with increased mortality and increased cardiovascular event rates (excess absolute risk, 7.36 per 10 000 person-years for mortality and 8.75 per 10 000 person-years for cardiovascular disease during 6.6 years). Intensive lifestyle modification, consisting of calorie restriction, increased physical activity (≥150 min/wk), self-monitoring, and motivational support, decreased the incidence of diabetes by 6.2 cases per 100 person-years during a 3-year period. Metformin decreased the risk of diabetes among individuals with prediabetes by 3.2 cases per 100 person-years during 3 years. Metformin is most effective for women with prior gestational diabetes and for individuals younger than 60 years with body mass index of 35 or greater, fasting plasma glucose level of 110 mg/dL or higher, or HbA1c level of 6.0% or higher. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Prediabetes is associated with increased risk of diabetes, cardiovascular events, and mortality. First-line therapy for prediabetes is lifestyle modification that includes weight loss and exercise or metformin. Lifestyle modification is associated with a larger benefit than metformin.
Duration of puberty in preterm girls.; OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth is associated with altered pubertal timing, but the effect on pubertal duration has rarely been assessed. Here, we tested the hypothesis that preterm birth is associated with shorter duration of puberty among girls in Hong Kong where preterm birth has little social patterning. METHODS: In the population-representative Chinese birth cohort "Children of 1997", we used multivariable linear regression to assess the association of preterm status (≤36 completed gestational weeks, n = 170; term birth 37-42 gestational weeks, n = 3476) with duration of puberty, adjusted for parent's highest education, mother's place of birth, maternal smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and mother's age of menarche. RESULTS: The mean duration from thelarche to menarche was 2.53 years. Preterm girls had a shorter duration from thelarche to menarche by 2.6 months, 95% confidence interval 0.5-4.7 months. Age of menarche did not differ by preterm status but preterm girls had later thelarche. Preterm birth was not associated with a shorter duration from pubarche to menarche. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm births may be associated with shorter duration of puberty from thelarche to menarche, possibly through effects of in utero estrogen exposure, the drivers of thelarche, or the drivers of pubertal duration/progression, with potential implications for subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease and hormonal cancers.
Periodontal disease and systemic health: An update for medical practitioners.; INTRODUCTION: Chronic periodontal disease is a highly prevalent dental condition affecting tooth-supporting tissues. Scientific evidence is accumulating on links between periodontal disease and various systemic conditions. This narrative review provides a holistic yet succinct overview that would assist medical practitioners to deliver integrated care for better clinical outcomes. METHOD: Scientific evidence on associations between periodontal disease and systemic conditions was synthesised and critically appraised. Key findings of latest prospective cohort studies, randomised clinical trials, and meta-analysis were closely assessed and compiled. RESULTS: A bidirectional relationship has been established, indicating that diabetes and periodontal disease are closely linked and amplify one another, if not successfully controlled. Existing evidence also supports the associations of periodontal disease with cardiovascular diseases and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Successful treatment of periodontal disease and dental prophylaxis has been shown to improve clinical outcomes in these systemic conditions. Other systemic conditions associated with periodontal disease include respiratory diseases, Alzheimer's disease, rheumatoid arthritis and chronic kidney disease. Although the underlying mechanisms remain to be fully elucidated, it is generally accepted that the inflammatory burden of chronic periodontal disease has an important systemic impact. CONCLUSION: Oral-systemic links are multifaceted and complex. While evidence linking periodontal disease with a variety of systemic conditions is still emerging, the nature of the relationship is becoming clearer. The updated understanding of these associations warrants the attention of medical experts and policymakers for a concerted effort to develop a patient-centric, integrated model for the treatment of comorbid dental and medical conditions.
Does malnutrition in utero determine diabetes and coronary heart disease in adulthood? Results from the Leningrad siege study, a cross sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relation between decreased maternal food intake and risk factors for coronary heart disease in adult life. DESIGN: Cross sectional study. SUBJECTS: 169 subjects exposed to malnutrition in utero (intrauterine group) during the siege of Leningrad (now St Petersburg) in 1941-4; 192 subjects born in Leningrad just before rationing began, before the siege (infant group); and 188 subjects born concurrently with the first two groups but outside the area of the siege (unexposed group). SETTING: Ott Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, St Petersburg. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Development of risk factors for coronary heart disease and diabetes mellitus-obesity, blood pressure, glucose tolerance, insulin concentrations, lipids, albumin excretion rate, and clotting factors. RESULTS: There was no difference between the subjects exposed to starvation in utero and those starved during infant life in: (a) glucose tolerance (mean fasting glucose: intrauterine group 5.2 (95% confidence interval 5.1 to 5.3), infant group 5.3 (5.1 to 5.5), P = 0.94; mean 2 hour glucose: intrauterine group 6.1 (5.8 to 6.4), infant group 6.0 (5.7 to 6.3), P = 0.99); (b) insulin concentration; (c) blood pressure; (d) lipid concentration; or (e) coagulation factors. Concentrations of von Willebrand factor were raised in the intrauterine group (156.5 (79.1 to 309.5)) compared with the infant group (127.6 (63.9 to 254.8); P < 0.001), and female subjects in the intrauterine group had a stronger interaction between obesity and both systolic (P = 0.01) and diastolic (P = 0.04) blood pressure than in the infant group. Short adult stature was associated with raised concentrations of glucose and insulin 2 hours after a glucose load-independently of siege exposure. Subjects in the unexposed group had non-systematic differences in subscapular to triceps skinfold ratio, diastolic blood pressure, and clotting factors compared with the exposed groups. CONCLUSIONS: Intrauterine malnutrition was not associated with glucose intolerance, dyslipidaemia, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Subjects exposed to malnutrition showed evidence of endothelial dysfunction and a stronger influence of obesity on blood pressure.
Links Between Maternal Cardiovascular Disease and the Health of Offspring.; Maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) during pregnancy is on the rise worldwide, as both more women with congenital heart disease are reaching childbearing age, and conditions such as diabetes, hypertension, and obesity are becoming more prevalent. However, the extent to which maternal CVD influences offspring health, as a neonate and later in childhood and adolescence, remains to be fully understood. The thrifty phenotype hypothesis, by which a fetus adapts to maternal and placental changes to survive a nutrient-starved environment, may provide an answer to the mechanism of maternal CVD and its impact on the offspring. In this narrative review, we aim to provide a review of the literature pertaining to the impact of maternal cardiovascular and hypertensive disease on the health of neonates, children, and adolescents. This review demonstrates that maternal CVD leads to higher rates of complications among neonates. Ultimately, our review supports the hypothesis that maternal CVD leads to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), which, through the thrifty phenotype hypothesis and vascular remodelling, can have health repercussions, including an impact on CVD risk, both in the immediate newborn period as well as later throughout the life of the offspring. Further research remains crucial in elucidating the mechanism of maternal CVD long-term effects on offspring, as further understanding could lead to preventive measures to optimise offspring health, including modifiable lifestyle changes. Potential treatments for this at-risk offspring group could mitigate risk, but further studies to provide evidence are needed.
Adverse obstetrical and perinatal outcome in adolescent mothers associated with first birth: a hospital-based case-control study in a tertiary care hospital in North-East India.; PURPOSE: To analyze the adverse obstetrical and perinatal outcome of adolescent mothers associated with first birth. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This prospective case-control study was conducted in a tertiary care teaching hospital of North-East India between January 2014 and December 2014. All adolescent primigravidae completing 28 weeks of gestation with singleton pregnancy and delivered at our institution were included in the study group. Primigravidae aged between 20 and 25 years were taken as a control group. Mothers having pregnancy complicated with diabetes mellitus, renal disorder, thyroid disorders, and cardiac diseases were excluded from the study. Demographic data, maternal complications like severe anemia, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, gestational age at delivery, mode of delivery, and postpartum complications were compared. Among fetal complications, low-birth weight, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit admission, still birth, and early neonatal death were compared. All the patients were interviewed regarding contraceptive knowledge and its use preceding the pregnancy. RESULTS: Quality antenatal care was received by 80.6% of adolescent mothers. The adolescent mothers had a higher incidence of pre-eclampsia (odds ratio [OR] 2.017 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.045-3.894, P=0.03), preterm deliveries (OR: 1.655, 95% CI: 1.039-2.636, P=0.03). Among fetal outcomes, the low- birth weight babies (OR: 1.59, 95% CI: 1.016-2.478), low mean birth weight (2,544.4±622.09 g versus 2,701.6±582.51 g), and higher admission to neonatal intensive care unit (OR: 1.957, 95% CI: 1.120-3.417) were significantly associated with adolescent mothers. There was no significant difference found regarding the mode of delivery, still birth, and early neonatal death. Moreover, contraceptive knowledge and its use were found to be poor among adolescent mothers. CONCLUSION: With quality antenatal, intranatal, and postnatal care, the obstetric risk of childbirth in adolescent mothers may not be as serious as perceived to be.
The Impact of Pregnancy on Diabetic Retinopathy: A Single-Site Study of Clinical Risk Factors.; INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to provide information on modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors for the progression and development of diabetic retinopathy (DR) and diabetic macular edema (DME). This retrospective chart review case-control study was designed to provide perspective on clinical variables. METHODS: Single-center study analysis was completed with chart review, identifying 50 patients (100 eyes) ultimately included in the final analysis. Included patients were women with type 1 or 2 diabetes that entered prenatal care and had a delivery from January 2010 to December 2022. The primary outcome measure was clinical variables between progression and no progression groups. Data were analyzed via χ2 analysis and independent samples t test when appropriate. Significantly different variables were further analyzed by binary logistic regression. RESULTS: The DR progression group had significantly higher prepregnancy HbA1c levels (9.9) when compared to the no progression group (8.5, p value 0.028). DR progression group also had higher rates (51.9%) of full-term births. The DME progression group had significantly higher rates of type 2 diabetics (100%) compared to the no progression group (30.9%, p value 0.029). Hypertension treatment before (81.8%; p value 0.008) pregnancy was also more common in the DME progression group. Intravitreal injections were more common in patients with visual acuity deterioration (26.7%, p value 0.046). The average number of fetal complications was significantly higher in the visual acuity non-worsening group (1.1) compared to the progression group (0.5, p value 0.04). These variables were not statistically significant after entry into multivariate analysis. DISCUSSION: Severity and treatment of retinopathy before pregnancy, type of diabetes, and blood pressure control are all significant factors affecting the progression and development of severe ocular complications in pregnancy.
Fetal programming of the human brain: is there a link with insurgence of neurodegenerative disorders in adulthood?; In recent years, evidence is growing on the role played by gestational factors in shaping brain development and on the influence of intrauterine experiences on later development of neurodegenerative diseases including Parkinson's (PD) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). The nine months of intrauterine development and the first three years of postnatal life are appearing to be extremely critical for making connections among neurons and among neuronal and glial cells that will shape a lifetime of experience. Here, the multiple epigenetic factors acting during gestation - including maternal diet, malnutrition, stress, hypertension, maternal diabetes, fetal hypoxia, prematurity, low birth weight, prenatal infection, intrauterine growth restriction, drugs administered to the mother or to the baby - are reported, and their ability to modulate brain development, resulting in interindividual variability in the total neuronal and glial burden at birth is discussed. Data from recent literature suggest that prevention of neurodegeneration should be identified as the one method to halt the diffusion of neurodegenerative diseases. The "two hits" hypothesis, first introduced for PD and successfully applied to AD and other neurodegenerative human pathologies, should focus our attention on a peculiar period of our life: the intrauterine and perinatal periods. The first hit to our nervous system occurs early in life, determining a PD or AD imprinting to our brain that will condition our resistance or, alternatively, our susceptibility to develop a neurodegenerative disease later in life. In conclusion, how early life events contribute to late-life development of adult neurodegenerative diseases, including PD and AD, is emerging as a new fascinating research focus. This assumption implies that research on prevention of neurodegenerative diseases should center on events taking place early in life, during gestation and in the perinatal periods, thus presenting a new challenge to perinatologists: the prevention of neurodegenerative human diseases.
[Fetal echocardiography. The normal heart].; At 20 weeks amenorrhoea, it is currently possible to determine with echocardiography whether a fetal heart, which then weighs approximately 400g with a diameter of 15 mm, is normal or not. The incidence of cardiac malformations has been estimated at 8 per 1000 fetuses. Fetal factors including retarded growth, hydramnios and arrhythmia and maternal factors including rubeola, diabetes, systemic lupus erythematosus, Rhesus incompatibility and drugs increase fetal risk. In certain cardiopathies such as aortic stenosis, coarctation, malformation of the mitral valve or left ventricle hypoplasia, the risk of recurrence in a second fetus is greatly increased. With 2D echocardiography, the apical section of the four heart cavities orients the heart in the thorax, identifies the atria and ventricles and visualizes valve movement. The origin of the aorta and the kinetics of the mitral and aortic valves are studied on the para-sternal section. TM mode reproduces the P-QRS sequence thus allowing a measurement of heart rate, the thicknesses of heart walls and septa and identifies conduction disorders. The transvalvular systolic pressures can be measured with Doppler echocardiography and pulsed Doppler quantifies blood flow through the different heart structures. Precision can be increased with colour coding. A complete echocardiography of the fetal heart should be an integral part of all examinations of fetal morphology. Usually performed between 22 and 32 weeks of amenorrhoea, echocardiography of the fetal heart requires a perfect understanding of two-dimensional Doppler modes and of three-dimensional representation of heart anatomy.
Is adolescent pregnancy associated with adverse perinatal outcome?; BACKGROUND: The number of teenage pregnancies has increased throughout the world and these pregnancies are reported in association with a higher rate of maternal and fetal complications. AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the social surroundings; the results of ante-, intrapartum surveillance and perinatal outcome in adolescent pregnancies where mothers were below the age of 18. METHODS: Between 1st January, 1991 and 31st December, 1996 there were 13,131 births at our department. During this period, 209 newborns were born of 207 adolescent mothers. We compared the data of adolescent mothers with the data of all mothers who delivered in Hungary during the study period. RESULTS: 39 (18.6%) from 209 newborns were delivered before 37th week of gestation, and 34 (16.3%) newborns showed signs of intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR). The rate of primiparous adolescent mothers was 72.0%, 131 (63.3%) were primigravidae, and 136 (65.7%) received adequate prenatal care. Maternal complications (pregnancy induced hypertension, threatened preterm delivery, gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia) and adverse perinatal outcome (higher rate of IUGR and perinatal mortality) were found more frequently in adolescent pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: As young maternal age is associated with an increased risk of unfavourable fetal outcome, teenage mothers need improved prenatal care and increased observation during labour. In addition, improvement of the social environment of adolescents and the prevention of teenage pregnancies should be recommended.
Diagnosis and management of arrhythmias in pregnancy.; Arrhythmias are the most common cardiac complications occurring in pregnancy. Although the majority of palpitations in pregnancy may be explained by atrial or ventricular premature complexes, the full spectrum of arrhythmias can occur. In this article, we establish a systematic approach to the evaluation and management of arrhythmias in pregnancy. Haemodynamically unstable arrhythmias warrant urgent cardioversion. For mild cases of benign arrhythmia, treatment is usually not needed. Symptomatic but haemodynamically stable arrhythmic patients should first undergo a thorough evaluation to establish the type of arrhythmia and the presence or absence of structural heart disease. This will ultimately determine the necessity for treatment given the potential risks of anti-arrhythmic pharmacotherapy in pregnancy. We will discuss the main catalogue of anti-arrhythmic medications, which have some established evidence of safety in pregnancy. Based on our appraisal, we provide a treatment algorithm for the tachyarrhythmic pregnant patient.
Confirmed association between neonatal phototherapy or neonatal icterus and risk of childhood asthma.; We have previously demonstrated an association between neonatal phototherapy and/or neonatal icterus and risk of hospitalization for childhood asthma. This study included children who were prescribed anti-asthmatic medication on a population basis to study exposures during the foetal and neonatal period and risk of childhood asthma. The Swedish Medical Birth Register was linked to the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register. Perinatal data for singleton children who were prescribed anti-asthmatic medication (n = 61,256) were compared with corresponding data for all singleton children born in Sweden from 1 January 1990 to 30 June 2003 and surviving to 1 July 2005 (n = 1,338,319). Mantel-Haenszel's odds ratios were calculated after adjustment for various known confounders. Being the first-born child, maternal age above 44 yr, involuntary childlessness for more than 1 yr, maternal smoking during pregnancy, maternal diabetes mellitus of any kind, pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, and instrumental vaginal delivery were all associated with an increased prescription of anti-asthmatic medication during childhood. Preterm birth, low birth weight, being small for gestational age, respiratory problems, mechanical ventilation, and sepsis and/or pneumonia were also associated with increased drug prescriptions. Neonatal phototherapy and/or icterus were risk determinants for children who developed asthma before the age of 12. After controlling for confounders, the odds ratio for phototherapy and/or icterus remained at 1.30 (95% confidence interval 1.16-1.47). In conclusion, this large population-based study confirms an association between some maternal and perinatal factors and childhood asthma, including neonatal phototherapy and/or icterus.
Resolution of severe fetal distress following treatment of maternal diabetic ketoacidosis.; Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) during pregnancy is a serious metabolic complication of diabetes with high mortality and morbidity if not detected and treated immediately. We report a case of a woman with type 1 diabetes mellitus who had poorly controlled diabetes in the first half of pregnancy and developed DKA at 29 weeks gestation. At presentation, she had a pathological fetal heart tracing but delivery was delayed for maternal stabilisation and reversal of acidosis. Once hyperglycaemia, acidosis and maternal stabilisation were achieved, fetal compromise resolved and delivery was no longer indicated. The patient was subsequently discharged home. She delivered vaginally a 2400 g baby at 34 weeks gestation after presenting with spontaneous rupture of membranes.
Contraception in women with diabetes.; This brief article covers the diabetes related aspects of contraception in women. It classifies various methods of contraception and describes how presence of diabetes influences their use. The article lists the high risk conditions in diabetes which may discourage use of combined hormonal contraceptives. It discusses the relation of glycaemic control and medical termination of pregnancy (MTP), and calls for universal provision of contraceptive services to all women with diabetes.
Dietary cholesterol and coronary heart disease.; Dietary cholesterol has been known as a dominant factor in the genesis of atherosclerosis since 1908. The evidence for the role of dietary cholesterol is based upon animal experiments, the chemistry of atherosclerotic plaques, worldwide epidemiology, and human feeding studies. All lines of evidence converge to indicate that dietary cholesterol is a major factor in promoting the growth of the atherosclerotic plaque by increasing its cholesterol content. Confusion about dietary cholesterol has arisen because amounts above a certain quantity (the ceiling) do not elevate plasma cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. The therapeutic threshold for dietary cholesterol is below 100 mg/d.
The long and short of it: the role of telomeres in fetal origins of adult disease.; Placental insufficiency, maternal malnutrition, and other causes of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) can significantly affect short-term growth and long-term health. Following IUGR, there is an increased risk for cardiovascular disease and Type 2 Diabetes. The etiology of these diseases is beginning to be elucidated, and premature aging or cellular senescence through increased oxidative stress and DNA damage to telomeric ends may be initiators of these disease processes. This paper will explore the areas where telomere and telomerase biology can have significant effects on various tissues in the body in IUGR outcomes.
Risks of Dysglycemia Over the First 4 Years After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Women with the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (preeclampsia [PE] and gestational hypertension [GHTN]) have increased risks of future diabetes. Postpartum glycemic testing offers early identification and treatment of dysglycemia, but evidence-based recommendations for this high-risk population are lacking. The objective of this study was to describe the risks of developing dysglycemia in women with normotensive and hypertensive pregnancies over the first 4 years postpartum. METHODS: The Discharge Abstract Database was used to identify women who delivered singleton live-born infants in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, between January 2010 and December 2012 (N=27,300). This was linked with Calgary Laboratory Services (for glycemic tests) and the Pharmaceutical Information Network databases (for antidiabetes medication prescriptions) over the first 4 years postpartum. Logistic regression analyses compared glycemic testing and results were adjusted for maternal age, gestational age, parity and the Pampalon deprivation index. RESULTS: Women with HDP had more glycemic testing (GHTN 67.8% and PE 69.9% vs normotensive 60.9%; p<0.001) and significantly higher results for fasting plasma glucose (GHTN 4.82±0.51 mmol/L and PE 4.84±0.54 mmol/L vs normotensive 4.73±0.49 mmol/L; p<0.001), random plasma glucose (GHTN 5.20±0.96 mmol/L and PE 5.39±1.71 mmol/L vs normotensive 5.00±0.87 mmol/L; p<0.001) and glycated hemoglobin levels (PE 5.62±0.53% vs normotensive 5.49±0.32%; p<0.001). Women with HDP had a higher adjusted odds (95% confidence interval) of developing type 2 diabetes compared with normotensive women (GHTN: 2.26, 1.50 to 13.4; PE: 2.02, 0.91 to 4.46). CONCLUSIONS: The high prevalence of early dysglycemia highlights the importance of targeted postpartum glycemic testing in women after HDP. Further research on optimal glycemic testing (specific tests and timing) in these high-risk women is needed.
The use of Doppler waveform analysis in the evaluation of the high-risk fetus.; The development of Doppler ultrasound evaluation of the uteroplacental and fetoplacental circulations is one of the most important achievements of modern obstetrics. For the first time, the obstetrician has the ability to evaluate, in a noninvasive way, circulatory systems critical to fetal development and the outcome of pregnancy and to obtain information of great value for the management of complicated pregnancies. At this time, Doppler examination of the umbilical artery has become a fundamental part of the evaluation of pregnancies complicated by retarded fetal growth. Doppler examination of the umbilical and uterine arteries has become the most accurate test to establish a fetal prognosis in patients with hypertension in pregnancy. Other indications for the use of this methodology (twins, diabetes, Rh isoimmunization, etc.) are being studied, and the role of Doppler ultrasound probably will extend significantly beyond the now well-established indications for its use.
Factors associated with the development of epilepsy in very low birth weight infants.; BACKGROUND: The survival rate of very low birth weight (VLBW) infants has recently improved. However, the occurrence of and factors associated with epilepsy in VLBW infants remain unknown. This study aimed to clarify the incidence, characteristics, and factors associated with epilepsy development in VLBW infants. METHODS: All VLBW infants admitted to our hospital between 2012 and 2017 were included in this study. VLBW infants with a follow-up period of <1 year were excluded. Chromosomal abnormalities, brain anomalies, severe intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), cystic periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), and hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) were considered to be risk factors. RESULTS: Epilepsy occurred in 21/526 (4.0%) VLBW infants. Chromosomal abnormalities, brain anomalies, severe IVH, cystic PVL, HIE, neonatal seizures, advanced maternal age, maternal diabetes mellitus, no administration of antenatal corticosteroids, and low Apgar scores at 1 and 5 min were associated with a risk of epilepsy. The median time to epilepsy onset was 8 months (range: 0-59 months), and the onset occurred within 2 years in 15/21 patients (71.4%) and within 4 years in 18/21 patients (85.7%). VLBW infants with risk factors developed epilepsy earlier and at a significantly higher rate than those without risk factors. Among infants who had risk factors and who developed epilepsy, 86.7% did so within 2 years of age, compared to 33.3% of those who developed epilepsy but did not have risk factors. CONCLUSION: These findings regarding factors associated with a risk of development of epilepsy and temporal feature of epilepsy may contribute to the development of monitoring and treatment protocols for epilepsy in VLBW infants.
The developmental origins of health and disease: current theories and epigenetic mechanisms.; The retrospective cohort studies of David Barker and colleagues during the late 1980s established the principle that the incidence of certain adult diseases such as stroke, type 2 diabetes and dyslipidaemia may be linked to in utero development. Later termed the "Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD)" hypothesis, there have been several more recent attempts to explain this phenomenon. Although a general conceptual framework has been established to explain how mechanisms may have evolved to facilitate rapid adaptations to changing ecological conditions, it doesn't identify the actual mechanisms responsible for such effects. Extensive covalent modifications to DNA and related proteins occur from the earliest stages of mammalian development. These determine lineage-specific patterns of gene expression and so represent the most plausible mechanisms by which environmental factors can influence development during the life course. In providing a contemporary overview of chromatin modifications during early mammalian development, this review highlights both the complexity and our current lack of understanding of how epigenetic alterations may contribute to in utero programming. It concludes by providing some thoughts to future research endeavours where the emphasis should be on bettering our understanding of epigenesis and devising more thoughtful experimental approaches that focus on specific environmental factors in appropriate animal and cellular models.
Judicious use of antenatal glucocorticoids: putting the risks into the balance.; The administration of a course of antenatal glucocorticoids (AG) to improve neonatal outcome after preterm birth is a prime example of evidence-based medicine, but the current clinical application of AG is too broad. AG override the glucocorticoid enzymatic placental barrier in order to elicit fetal lung maturation at a pre-physiological gestational age. Yet the maturation benefit is accompanied by a number of undesirable phenomena, most of which are transient (lasting for at least 24-48 h after the last injection). These include metabolic effects in both mother and fetus and signs of reduced fetal wellbeing. In addition, the fetal growth rate slows down depending on the number of AG courses. Multiple courses may increase the risk of cerebral palsy, as neonatal dexamethasone treatment does. There are no randomised trials on the benefit-risk balance of AG in pregnancies complicated by diabetes or intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR). Animal studies indicate that AG are associated with an inadequate response to acute hypoxaemia and different brain development. Judicious use of AG includes avoidance of multiple courses, and a case-based -approach in pregnancies with (pre)gestational diabetes, IUGR or equivocal fetal condition, until more data become available. In addition, better prediction models of preterm birth are needed.
Cardiovascular Risk Factor Management After Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with significantly increased risk of developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Obstetricians play a crucial role in CVD prevention for postpartum women and birthing people with HDP because they are primarily responsible for immediate postpartum management and can assist with care transitions to other health care practitioners for long-term management of CVD risk factors. Standardized calculators can be used to evaluate long-term CVD risk, which can help guide intensity of treatment. Emerging technologies such as remote blood pressure monitoring demonstrate promise for improving outcomes among patients with HDP. After HDP, all patients should be advised of their increased CVD risk. A plan should be made to initiate lifestyle modifications and antihypertensive therapy to achieve optimal blood pressure control with a target of lower than 130/80 mm Hg, assess lipids within 2-3 years of delivery, and evaluate for development of type 2 diabetes. Other CVD risk factors such as nicotine use should similarly be identified and addressed. In this review, we summarize the essential components of managing CVD risk after a pregnancy complicated by HDP, including blood pressure monitoring, risk stratification tools, and evidence-based lifestyle recommendations.
Prescriptions for insulin and insulin analogues in children with and without major congenital anomalies: a data linkage cohort study across six European regions.; Are children with major congenital anomalies more likely to develop diabetes requiring insulin therapy, as indicated by prescriptions for insulin, than children without congenital anomalies? The aim of this study is to evaluate prescription rates of insulin/insulin analogues in children aged 0-9 years with and without major congenital anomalies. A EUROlinkCAT data linkage cohort study, involving six population-based congenital anomaly registries in five countries. Data on children with major congenital anomalies (60,662) and children without congenital anomalies (1,722,912), the reference group, were linked to prescription records. Birth cohort and gestational age were examined. The mean follow-up for all children was 6.2 years. In children with congenital anomalies aged 0-3 years, 0.04 per 100 child-years (95% CIs 0.01-0.07) had > 1 prescription for insulin/insulin analogues compared with 0.03 (95% CIs 0.01-0.06) in reference children, increasing ten-fold by age 8-9 years. The risk of > 1 prescription for insulin/insulin analogues aged 0-9 years in children with non-chromosomal anomalies (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.84-1.00) was similar to that of reference children. However, children with chromosomal anomalies (RR 2.37, 95% CI 1.91-2.96), and specifically children with Down syndrome (RR 3.44, 95% CIs 2.70-4.37), Down syndrome with congenital heart defects (RR 3.86, 95% CIs 2.88-5.16) and Down syndrome without congenital heart defects (RR 2.78, 95% CIs 1.82-4.27), had a significantly increased risk of > 1 prescription for insulin/insulin analogues aged 0-9 years compared to reference children. Female children had a reduced risk of > 1 prescription aged 0-9 years compared with male children (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.64-0.90 for children with congenital anomalies and RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.87-0.93 for reference children). Children without congenital anomalies born preterm (< 37 weeks) were more likely to have > 1 insulin/insulin analogue prescription compared to term births (RR 1.28, 95% CIs 1.20-1.36). CONCLUSION: This is the first population-based study using a standardised methodology across multiple countries. Males, children without congenital anomalies born preterm and those with chromosomal anomalies had an increased risk of being prescribed insulin/insulin analogues. These results will help clinicians to identify which congenital anomalies are associated with an increased risk of developing diabetes requiring insulin therapy and allow them to reassure families of children who have non-chromosomal anomalies that their risk is similar to that of the general population. WHAT IS KNOWN: • Children and young adults with Down syndrome have an increased risk of diabetes requiring insulin therapy. • Children born prematurely have an increased risk of developing diabetes requiring insulin therapy. WHAT IS NEW: • Children with non-chromosomal anomalies do not have an increased risk of developing diabetes requiring insulin therapy compared to children without congenital anomalies. • Female children, with or without major congenital anomalies, are less likely to develop diabetes requiring insulin therapy before the age of 10 compared to male children.
Hyperhomocysteinemia: a new risk factor for degenerative diseases.; Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHCY) is a consequence of disturbed methionine metabolism. It results from enzyme and/or vitamin deficiency. Epidemiological and clinical studies have proven HHCY to be an independent risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases, stroke, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and venous thrombosis. Trials in progress may clarify the "causality" of high homocysteine (HCY) concentrations and will assess the value of HCY lowering therapy. HHCY is also seen as a risk factor for neurodegenerative diseases such as cognitive impairment, dementia, Alzheimer's disease, and also for depression. There is a high prevalence of HHCY as a syndrome of vitamin shortage in elderly subjects, which strongly increases with advancing age. Elderly people have a high frequency of vitamin B12 deficiency which is more reliably diagnosed by measurement of serum methylmalonic acid and holotranscobalamin II, the metabolically active B12 fraction, than by total serum vitamin B12. Subjects who follow a strict vegetarian diet also have a high prevalence of HHCY caused by vitamin B12 deficiency. For prevention of neurological damages an early diagnosis of vitamin B12 deficiency is important. Furthermore, HHCY is a factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects and preeclampsia. HCY should be measured in patients with a history of atherothrombotic vessel diseases, in patients with diabetes or hyperlipidemia, in renal patients, in adipose subjects, in elderly people, in vegetarians, in postmenopausal women, and in early pregnancy.
Two-Phase Evaluation of a Community-Based Lifestyle Intervention for Palestinian Women in East Jerusalem: A Quasi-Experimental Study Followed by Dissemination.; Palestinian-Arab women are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease due to high prevalence of diabetes and other risk factors. The current study investigates the effectiveness of an intensive group-based intervention on lifestyle habits that can prevent diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To that end, we conducted a group-based intervention based on the diabetes prevention program in two consecutive phases. The first phase consisted of a quasi-experimental study and the second phase included community-wide dissemination, with a 6-month follow-up. Findings from the quasi-experiment indicate increased consumption of fruit, vegetables and whole grains, weight reduction (-2.21 kg, p < 0.01), and a significant increase in the average daily steps in the intervention group (from 4456 to 6404). Findings from the dissemination indicate that average daily vegetables consumption increased from 1.76 to 2.32/day as did physical activity and average daily steps (from 4804 to 5827). There was a significant reduction in blood pressure, total cholesterol and LDL. These gains were sustained over 6 months following the intervention. This community-based, culturally adapted, health-promotion intervention led to improved nutrition and physical activity which were maintained after 6 months. Collaboration with community centers and local community partners created an effective channel for dissemination of the program to pre-clinical individuals.
[Clinical features and follow-up study of neonatal asymmetric crying facies].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the clinical characteristics and short-term outcomes of neonatal asymmetric crying facies (ACF), in order to improve recognition of the disease. METHODS: The clinical data of 11 infants with ACF between January 2010 and February 2012 were retrospectively studied. Physical and neurological development were followed up at correct gestational age 44 weeks and 3 months. RESULTS: Of the 11 infants with ACF, 4 had ipsilateral ear malformation, 2 had congenital heart disease and 1 had syndactyly and polydactyly. Of the 11 infants, 8 were male and 3 were female. Eight infants presented with lesions on the left side and 3 presented with lesions on the right. The fathers were aged over 35 in 8 cases and the mothers were over 30 in 7 cases. Eight mothers had a history of at least 3 pregnancies and 2 infants were born to mothers with diabetes mellitus. Physical index was below P10 in 1 case and 2 cases showed a low NBNA score and mild abnormal GMs (poor repertoire PR) during the writhing period at correct gestational age 44 weeks. Physical index was between P10-P90 and GM assessment during the fidgety period showed normal movements in all infants at correct gestational age 3 months, but they still had ACF. CONCLUSIONS: ACF is associated with a high rate of other congenital malformations. The short-term outcomes of ACF infants are satisfactory, but long-term follow-up and interdisciplinary cooperation are necessary to improve prognosis.
Intervention strategies for cesarean section-induced alterations in the microbiota-gut-brain axis.; Microbial colonization of the gastrointestinal tract is an essential process that modulates host physiology and immunity. Recently, researchers have begun to understand how and when these microorganisms colonize the gut and the early-life factors that impact their natural ecological establishment. The vertical transmission of maternal microbes to the offspring is a critical factor for host immune and metabolic development. Increasing evidence also points to a role in the wiring of the gut-brain axis. This process may be altered by various factors such as mode of delivery, gestational age at birth, the use of antibiotics in early life, infant feeding, and hygiene practices. In fact, these early exposures that impact the intestinal microbiota have been associated with the development of diseases such as obesity, type 1 diabetes, asthma, allergies, and even neurodevelopmental disorders. The present review summarizes the impact of cesarean birth on the gut microbiome and the health status of the developing infant and discusses possible preventative and restorative strategies to compensate for early-life microbial perturbations.
A novel ADIPOQ mutation (p.M40K) impairs assembly of high-molecular-weight adiponectin and is associated with early-onset obesity and metabolic syndrome.; CONTEXT: The phenotypic effects of ADIPOQ mutations early in life, prior to type 2 diabetes onset, have not been studied. AIM: The objective of the study was to characterize the impact of a novel ADIPOQ mutation in vitro and in vivo. DESIGN: The design of the study was ADIPOQ screening, adiponectin oligomerization, and cardiometabolic phenotype assessment. SUBJECTS: Fourteen hypoadiponectinemic (<3 μg/mL) and 686 normoadiponectinemic young adults (23-25 y) were prospectively followed up since birth. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Human and recombinant murine mutant adiponectin oligomerization, the proband's ADIPOQ and ADIPOR1/R2 adipose tissue (AT) expression, and cardiometabolic profile were measured. RESULTS: The heterozygous ADIPOQ p.M40K mutation was identified in one hypoadiponectinemic male (2.4 μg/mL) and three other family members. Carriers presented a marked reduction of serum high-molecular weight to total adiponectin ratio when compared with controls (9.4% ± 1% vs 56.6% ± 13%; P < .05) and family noncarriers (9.4% ± 1% vs 42% ± 0.5%; P = .05). Both mRNA and protein levels of adiponectin were increased in the AT of the proband (2.3- and 1.6-fold, respectively). However, the high-molecular weight to total adiponectin ratio of adiponectin was decreased (3.3-fold). Moreover, the expressions of ADIPOR1 and ADIPOR2 were significantly down-regulated in the AT of the proband (6- and 1.2-fold, respectively). The results were confirmed by in vitro studies on the recombinant murine homologous mutation (p.M43K). The proband's cardiometabolic phenotype progression was further characterized: born small for gestational age and adolescence-onset obesity; insulin resistance (homeostasis assessment model of insulin resistance of 4.7), and dyslipidemia at 25 years; decreased high-molecular weight adiponectin (0.24 μg/mL = 10%), hypertension (180/120 mm Hg), steatosis (fat liver = 40% ± 6%), increased carotid intima-media thickness at 31 years, and type 2 diabetes (glycosylated hemoglobin = 6.6%) at 34 years of age. Of note, all of the affected family members presented features of metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: The newly identified ADIPOQ p.M40K mutation associates with severe cardiometabolic dysfunction due to the impairment of high-molecular weight adiponectin complex formation.
The role of taurine in diabetes and the development of diabetic complications.; The ubiquitously found beta-amino acid taurine has several physiological functions, e.g. in bile acid formation, as an osmolyte by cell volume regulation, in the heart, in the retina, in the formation of N-chlorotaurine by reaction with hypochlorous acid in leucocytes, and possibly for intracellular scavenging of carbonyl groups. Some animals, such as the cat and the C57BL/6 mouse, have disturbances in taurine homeostasis. The C57BL/6 mouse strain is widely used in diabetic and atherosclerotic animal models. In diabetes, the high extracellular levels of glucose disturb the cellular osmoregulation and sorbitol is formed intracellularly due to the intracellular polyol pathway, which is suspected to be one of the key processes in the development of diabetic late complications and associated cellular dysfunctions. Intracellular accumulation of sorbitol is most likely to cause depletion of other intracellular compounds including osmolytes such as myo-inositol and taurine. When considering the clinical complications in diabetes, several links can be established between altered taurine metabolism and the development of cellular dysfunctions in diabetes which cause the clinical complications observed in diabetes, e.g. retinopathy, neuropathy, nephropathy, cardiomyopathy, platelet aggregation, endothelial dysfunction and atherosclerosis. Possible therapeutic perspectives could be a supplementation with taurine and other osmolytes and low-molecular compounds, perhaps in a combinational therapy with aldose reductase inhibitors.
Streptozotocin-induced insulin deficiency leads to development of behavioral deficits in rats.; Diabetes mellitus is one of the most common serious metabolic disorders in humans that develops due to diminished production of insulin (type I) or resistance to its effect (type II and gestational). The present study was designed to determine the neuropsychological deficits produced following streptozotocin-induced diabetes in rats. Rats were made diabetic by the intra-peritoneal administration of 60 mg/kg streptozotocin (STZ) which induces type-1 diabetes by the destruction "β-cells" of pancreas. Body weight, food and water intake was monitored daily. Open field test (OFT) model, forced swim test (FST) and Morris water maze (MWM) model were performed for the evaluation of ambulation, depression-like symptoms and memory effects, respectively. After 10 days of diabetes induction the exploratory activity of rats was monitored by OFT while depression-like symptoms and memory effects in rats were analyzed by FST and MWM. Results showed that there was no significant effect of STZ-induced diabetes on body weight but food and water intake of STZ-induced diabetic rats was significantly increased. Exploratory activity was significantly decreased and short-term and long-term memory was significantly impaired while the depression-like symptoms was significantly increased in STZ diabetic rats. Thus, it may be suggested that STZ-induced diabetes alters the brain functions and may play an important role in the pathophysiology of certain behavioral deficits like depression, impaired learning and memory functions related to diabetes. This finding may be of relevance in the pathophysiology and in the clinical picture, which could be related to an altered brain serotonin metabolism and neurotransmission and may possibly be related to neuropsychiatric disorders in diabetic patients.
Host immune responses and possible therapeutic targets for viral respiratory tract infections in susceptible populations: a narrative review.; BACKGROUND: Respiratory viruses are associated with significant global morbidity and mortality, as well as socioeconomic factors. Certain conditions and patient groups are more susceptible to develop severe viral respiratory tract infections (RTIs). OBJECTIVES: To summarise the data on deregulated immune pathways that have been associated with increased susceptibility to severe viral RTIs in certain populations. We also describe the commonalities of the defective immune pathways across these susceptible populations that may represent possible targets for future therapeutic or preventative approaches. SOURCES: We conducted free searches in Medline, Scopus, and Google Scholar for studies focusing on potential mechanisms of immune dysfunction that may be associated with severe viral RTIs in susceptible populations with conditions including pregnancy, obesity, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), chronic kidney disease, and extremes of age. We considered preclinical/animal data, original human studies, and reviews. CONTENT: Innate and adaptive immune responses become quantitatively and qualitatively compromised in aging, obesity, and diabetes mellitus, with the most pronounced changes affecting T cells. Moreover, immune dysregulation by the so-called inflamm-aging results in chronic low-grade inflammation in such conditions. Increased leptin levels affect the immune system particularly in obesity, while leptin dysregulation plays a role in asthma and COPD pathogenesis. Deficient production of interferon (IFN) type I and III in response to rhinovirus contributes to asthma exacerbations. Similar attenuation of IFN production in response to influenza and rhinovirus has been documented in pregnancy. Dampened type I IFN responses have also been found in diet-induced obese mice and in obese individuals. IMPLICATIONS: Immunosenescence and chronic low-grade inflammation accompanying aging and a variety of chronic conditions, such as diabetes, obesity, asthma, COPD, chronic renal disease, and hypertension, contribute to the poor outcomes observed following viral respiratory infections. Commonly affected pathways may represent potential future therapeutic targets.
Short children born small for gestational age outcomes in the era of growth hormone therapy.; Small-for-gestational age (SGA) infants are at risk for short and long term medical and metabolic complications. Most SGA infants (85-90%) demonstrate spontaneous catch-up growth, typically in the first year after birth. Although catch-up growth (CUG) is a desired goal, it is important to note if CUG is too rapid the infants are at increased risk for insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus as they become adults. On the flip side, infants who do not exhibit CUG are also at increased risk of adverse adult outcomes including those for cardiovascular disease, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus, neurodevelopmental and cognitive impairments, in addition to adult short stature. Treatment with growth hormone is safe and effective not only in increasing adult height, but also in improving body composition and decreasing metabolic complications. The aims of this review are to summarize the current knowledge on what constitutes "healthy" catch-up growth in children born SGA as well as provide an update on the role of growth hormone treatment for short children born SGA.
Coffee, Caffeine, and Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review.; To evaluate the associations between coffee and caffeine consumption and various health outcomes, we performed an umbrella review of the evidence from meta-analyses of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Of the 59 unique outcomes examined in the selected 112 meta-analyses of observational studies, coffee was associated with a probable decreased risk of breast, colorectal, colon, endometrial, and prostate cancers; cardiovascular disease and mortality; Parkinson's disease; and type-2 diabetes. Of the 14 unique outcomes examined in the 20 selected meta-analyses of observational studies, caffeine was associated with a probable decreased risk of Parkinson's disease and type-2 diabetes and an increased risk of pregnancy loss. Of the 12 unique acute outcomes examined in the selected 9 meta-analyses of RCTs, coffee was associated with a rise in serum lipids, but this result was affected by significant heterogeneity, and caffeine was associated with a rise in blood pressure. Given the spectrum of conditions studied and the robustness of many of the results, these findings indicate that coffee can be part of a healthful diet.
Diabetes In Pregnancy.; In this chapter, we will review the metabolic changes that occur during normal pregnancies and those affected by diabetes as well as review the risks of maternal obesity and hyperglycemia on maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes. Management of both preexisting and gestational diabetes in pregnancy will be reviewed in detail including up to date medications and diabetes technologies. Postpartum issues including changes in insulin sensitivity, breastfeeding and contraception for women with preexisting diabetes will be discussed, the importance of postpartum glucose screening and lifestyle modifications for women with a history of gestational diabetes will be highlighted. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Early life influences on cardio-metabolic disease risk in aboriginal populations--what is the evidence? A systematic review of longitudinal and case-control studies.; BACKGROUND: We systematically reviewed the published evidence for the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis among aboriginal populations from Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the USA. METHODS: Medline, EMBASE and the Informit Health databases were systematically searched (March 2012) using medical subject headings and keywords for studies that examined the effect of prenatal factors and birth outcomes on later life (≥3 years) cardio-metabolic diseases. Quality of studies was independently assessed by two reviewers using a risk of bias assessment tool; main findings from studies with a low to moderate risk of bias were summarised qualitatively. RESULTS: In all, 844 studies were found; 50 were included in the review of which 41 had a low-moderate risk of bias. There was strong evidence for an association between birth weight and type 2 diabetes (6/7 studies), impaired kidney function (6/7 studies) and high blood pressure (5/6 studies), whereas there was limited evidence for an association with metabolic abnormalities (4/7 studies) and adiposity (4/7). Exposure to maternal diabetes was strongly associated with type 2 diabetes (9/10 studies) and metabolic abnormalities (5/7 studies), whereas the association with adiposity was low (3/9 studies); the limited number of studies, to date, also show a relationship with high blood pressure (2/2 studies). CONCLUSIONS: This review highlights that interventions to reduce the burden of cardio-metabolic disease among aboriginal populations should focus on improving maternal health, particularly by reducing the prevalence of diabetes in pregnancy. Future research should also be directed towards potential protective actions, such as breastfeeding.
A study of postpartum depression and maternal risk factors in Qatar.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate the association between maternal complications and postpartum depression (PPD) among postpartum women in Qatar by using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) as well as a structured questionnaire. METHODS: This is a cross-sectional study of PPD of 1379 postpartum women within 6 months of delivery attending the primary healthcare centers of the State of Qatar. RESULTS: The prevalence of PPD was 17.6% in the studied mothers. The results of the logistic regression analysis showed that the risk factors for PPD included various socio-demographic risk factors such as education, occupation, consanguinity and access to transportation. Amongst the maternal factors studied, history of unplanned pregnancy and infertility and other medical complications such as gestational diabetes, heart disease, threatened abortion and cesarean section were found to be risk factors for PPD. Amongst the postpartum women with maternal complications, items related to feeling scared and panicky and feeling sad and miserable were the most frequently reported symptoms of depression. These women were also more likely to be experiencing sleep difficulty (p = 0.029) compared to women without maternal complications. CONCLUSION: While socio-demographic risk factors are well studied in the PPD literature, there is much less information on the impact of maternal complications on the psychological status of postpartum women. Postpartum women, especially those with maternal complications, need close screening and have quick access to mental healthcare within integrated reproductive health services.
Noninherited risk factors and congenital cardiovascular defects: current knowledge: a scientific statement from the American Heart Association Council on Cardiovascular Disease in the Young: endorsed by the American Academy of Pediatrics.; Prevention of congenital cardiovascular defects has been hampered by a lack of information about modifiable risk factors for abnormalities in cardiac development. Over the past decade, there have been major breakthroughs in the understanding of inherited causes of congenital heart disease, including the identification of specific genetic abnormalities for some types of malformations. Although relatively less information has been available on noninherited modifiable factors that may have an adverse effect on the fetal heart, there is a growing body of epidemiological literature on this topic. This statement summarizes the currently available literature on potential fetal exposures that might alter risk for cardiovascular defects. Information is summarized for periconceptional multivitamin or folic acid intake, which may reduce the risk of cardiac disease in the fetus, and for additional types of potential exposures that may increase the risk, including maternal illnesses, maternal therapeutic and nontherapeutic drug exposures, environmental exposures, and paternal exposures. Information is highlighted regarding definitive risk factors such as maternal rubella; phenylketonuria; pregestational diabetes; exposure to thalidomide, vitamin A cogeners, or retinoids; and indomethacin tocolysis. Caveats regarding interpretation of possible exposure-outcome relationships from case-control studies are given because this type of study has provided most of the available information. Guidelines for prospective parents that could reduce the likelihood that their child will have a major cardiac malformation are given. Issues related to pregnancy monitoring are discussed. Knowledge gaps and future sources of new information on risk factors are described.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic disorders: A review of the literature.; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common female endocrinopathies and is a leading cause of infertility. The syndrome derives its name from the pathological appearance of the ovary in women with menstrual irregularities and hyperandrogenism. Its symptoms appear as early as adolescence in the form of amenorrhea, hirsutism and obesity. The majority of patients are overweight, obese or of normal weight, but metabolically obese. The prevalence of PCOS is on the increase and is associated with a significantly higher risk of various metabolic disorders including cardiovascular disease (CVD), Type2 diabetes (T2DM), gestational diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and different types of cancer, including endometrial and possibly ovarian cancer, especially if associated with hyperinsulinaemia. In contrast, in women with PCOS who have normal insulin levels, it is likely that genetics, inflammation, oxidative stress and possible interaction with environmental factors are present that link these women to metabolic disorders. The mechanism of PCOS is not well understood and this review aims to provide a detailed description of the mechanism underlying the development of PCOS and associated metabolic disorders with a full description of all possible scenarios associating PCOS to metabolic disorders, as well as an epidemiological overview regarding the relationship between these metabolic disorders and PCOS.
Hypertension in women.; Hypertension in women has received less attention than hypertension in men, and the major controlled trials of antihypertensive therapy have been carried out in populations made up predominantly of and have emphasised outcomes in men. Recently it has been recognised that women develop high blood pressure, particularly systolic hypertension, at an increased rate as they age, and that this age-related blood pressure increase is exaggerated by the menopause. The age-related rise in blood pressure, particularly systolic blood pressure and pulse pressure, contributes substantially to the age-related increase in risk of heart attack, heart failure, and stroke in middle-aged and elderly women. This article reviews aspects of hypertension epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment that are important to women's health with particular emphasis on important concomitant cardiovascular disease risk factors such as type 2 diabetes and the menopause. The role of ovarian hormones and their withdrawal in the pathogenesis of hypertension and related target organ damage is considered, as are the results of drug treatment of high blood pressure in women. Blood pressure in pregnancy is discussed in a separate article by Broughton-Pipkin and Roberts.
Preeclampsia does not share common risk alleles in 9p21 with coronary artery disease and type 2 diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Preeclampsia is a common and partially genetic pregnancy complication characterized by hypertension and proteinuria. Association with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes has been reported in 9p21 by several genome-wide association studies. It has been hypothesized that cardiometabolic diseases may share common etiology with preeclampsia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We tested association with the 9p21 region to preeclampsia in the Finnish population by genotyping 23 tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 15 extended preeclampsia families and in a nationwide cohort consisting of 281 cases and 349 matched controls. Replication was conducted in additional datasets. RESULTS: Four SNPs (rs7044859, rs496892, rs564398 and rs7865618) showed nominal association (p ≤ 0.024 uncorrected) with preeclampsia in the case-control cohort. To increase power, we genotyped two SNPs in additional 388 cases and 341 controls from the Finnish Genetics of Preeclampsia Consortium (FINNPEC) cohort. Partial replication was also attempted in a UK cohort (237 cases and 199 controls) and in 74 preeclamptic families from Australia/New Zealand. We were unable to replicate the initial association in the extended Finnish dataset or in the two international cohorts. CONCLUSIONS: Our study did not find evidence for the involvement of the 9p21 region in the risk of preeclampsia. Key Message Chromosome 9p21 is not associated with preeclampsia.
Cardiac Myosarcoma in a Newborn Infant-A Case Report and Literature Review.; Background: Malignant cardiac neoplasms are extremely rare in neonates. Prenatal diagnosis is often not available. Initial symptoms can mimic non-cardiac diseases. We present a pre-mature newborn, birth-weight 2,480 g, 34 gestational weeks, which underwent cardiac surgery due to a cardiac tumor. Case Summary: This was a 3-rd pregnancy after two spontaneous abortions to a mother with thrombophilia, diabetes, hydramnios, and retroplacental hematoma. The baby was admitted to NICU with transitory respiratory failure and inborn infection; hence oxygen-supplementation and antibiotics were initiated. On day 11 a deterioration with tachypnea, high oxygen requirements, significantly increasing C-reactive protein values were noted. Chest radiographs were unremarkable. On day 18 a life-threatening condition with clinical symptoms of shock was identified. Echocardiography showed a large tumor formation in the right atrium, reduced blood flow in the right ventricle and pulmonary artery. On day 19 cardiac surgery was performed: a large tumor with a myxomatous appearance that occupied the cavity of the right atrium and infiltrated the annulus of the tricuspid valve was extirpated. The front wall was restored with a patch. Hemodynamics was temporarily stabilized. On the following day, ventricular fibrillation and asystole occurred. Despite life support efforts, the outcome was lethal. The histological result confirmed leiomyosarcoma of the right atrium and right ventricular hypotrophy. Conclusion: Inborn cardiac sarcomas are extremely rare. The prognosis is poor. Due to fast progression in the third trimester, they can be missed by fetal echocardiography in earlier pregnancy. The postnatal clinical course is aggressive, not specific until invasive infiltration or obstruction by the tumor mass occurred. In our case, the sarcoma mimicked an inborn infection, followed by nosocomial infection and septic shock. Despite low incidence, cardiac tumors should be kept in mind and echocardiography should be conducted if there are unclear symptoms with progressive deterioration during the neonatal period.
Obesity and women's health: an evidence-based review.; Obesity negatively impacts the health of women in many ways. Being overweight or obese increases the relative risk of diabetes and coronary artery disease in women. Women who are obese have a higher risk of low back pain and knee osteoarthritis. Obesity negatively affects both contraception and fertility as well. Maternal obesity is linked with higher rates of cesarean section as well as higher rates of high-risk obstetrical conditions such as diabetes and hypertension. Pregnancy outcomes are negatively affected by maternal obesity (increased risk of neonatal mortality and malformations). Maternal obesity is associated with a decreased intention to breastfeed, decreased initiation of breastfeeding, and decreased duration of breastfeeding. There seems to be an association between obesity and depression in women, though cultural factors may influence this association. Obese women are at higher risk for multiple cancers, including endometrial cancer, cervical cancer, breast cancer, and perhaps ovarian cancer.
Separating fact from fiction: use of high-level evidence from research syntheses to identify diseases and disorders associated with periodontal disease.; Correlations with periodontitis have been reported for several diseases, although the biological mechanisms that might lead to these putative correlations are generally unclear. This paper describes the most robust of these associations, on the basis of an evaluation of research syntheses (meta-analyses and systematic reviews) available up to June 2011. This high-level evidence indicates that individuals with periodontitis have a significantly higher risk of various other problems, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, respiratory disease and preterm low-birth-weight deliveries. For some conditions, treatment of periodontitis leads to a reduction in the rates of the other disease, lending further support to the concept that the association is reversible. An understanding of these correlations is important to allow dental health care providers to inform patients with periodontitis of their increased risks and to counsel such patients to seek additional medical assessment or intervention, as indicated.
Preterm Delivery and Maternal Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: The Nurses' Health Study II.; Background: Preterm delivery has been linked to future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD); however, research investigating clinical CVD risk factors is limited. We evaluated whether women who have delivered an infant preterm are at higher risk of developing CVD risk factors after adjustment for prepregnancy confounders. Materials and Methods: We examined the association between preterm delivery and incident chronic hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and hypercholesterolemia among 57,904 parous women in the Nurses' Health Study II. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the associations between preterm delivery in first pregnancy and each CVD risk factor; adjusted cumulative incidence curves were computed using the Breslow estimator. Results: Preterm delivery (<37 weeks) was associated with HRs of 1.11 (95% CI: 1.06-1.17) for chronic hypertension, 1.17 (95% CI: 1.03-1.33) for T2DM, and 1.07 (95% CI: 1.03-1.11) for hypercholesterolemia, adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, parental education, and prepregnancy confounders (e.g., body mass index, smoking, and family history). HRs were higher in women who delivered very preterm (<32 weeks) and in the first 10 years after first birth. The cumulative incidence of each risk factor was highest in women who delivered very preterm. Conclusions: Women with a history of preterm delivery are at higher risk of developing chronic hypertension, T2DM, and hypercholesterolemia in the years after pregnancy. This increased risk was particularly pronounced in the first 10 years after a preterm delivery, indicating that it may be an important time period to implement lifestyle interventions.
Haematological changes from conception to childbirth: An indicator of major pregnancy complications.; BACKGROUND: About 800 women die every day worldwide from pregnancy-related complications, including excessive blood loss, infections and high-blood pressure (World Health Organization, 2019). To improve screening for high-risk pregnancies, we set out to identify patterns of maternal hematological changes associated with future pregnancy complications. METHODS: Using mixed effects models, we established changes in 14 complete blood count (CBC) parameters for 1710 healthy pregnancies and compared them to measurements from 98 pregnancy-induced hypertension, 106 gestational diabetes and 339 postpartum hemorrhage cases. RESULTS: Results show interindividual variations, but good individual repeatability in CBC values during physiological pregnancies, allowing the identification of specific alterations in women with obstetric complications. For example, in women with uncomplicated pregnancies, haemoglobin count decreases of 0.12 g/L (95% CI -0.16, -0.09) significantly per gestation week (p value <.001). Interestingly, this decrease is three times more pronounced in women who will develop pregnancy-induced hypertension, with an additional decrease of 0.39 g/L (95% CI -0.51, -0.26). We also confirm that obstetric complications and white CBC predict the likelihood of giving birth earlier during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: We provide a comprehensive description of the associations between haematological changes through pregnancy and three major obstetric complications to support strategies for prevention, early-diagnosis and maternal care.
Sodium restriction and blood pressure in hypertensive type II diabetics: randomised blind controlled and crossover studies of moderate sodium restriction and sodium supplementation.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of moderate dietary sodium restriction on the hypertension of non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes. DESIGN: Randomised parallel controlled study of moderate sodium restriction for three months compared with usual diabetic diet, followed by randomised double blind crossover trial of sustained release preparation of sodium for one month versus placebo for one month in patients continuing with sodium restriction. SETTING: Patients attending diabetic outpatient clinic of city hospital. PATIENTS: Thirty four patients with established type II diabetes complicated by mild hypertension (systolic blood pressure greater than 160 mm Hg or diastolic pressure greater than 95 mm Hg on three consecutive occasions). Patients already taking antihypertensive agents (but not diuretics) not barred from study provided that criteria for mild hypertension still met. Conditions precluding patients from study were diabetic or hypertensive nephropathy, cardiac failure, and pregnancy. INTERVENTIONS: After run in phase with recordings at seven weeks, three weeks, and time zero patients were allocated at random to receive moderate dietary sodium restriction for three months (n = 17) or to continue with usual diabetic diet. Subsequently nine patients in sodium restriction group continued with regimen for a further two months, during which they completed a randomised double blind crossover trial of sustained release preparation of sodium (Slow Sodium 80 mmol daily) for one month versus matching placebo for one month. END POINT: Reduction in blood pressure in type II diabetics with mild hypertension. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Supine and erect blood pressure, body weight, and 24 hour urinary sodium and potassium excretion measured monthly during parallel group and double blind crossover studies. After parallel group study sodium restriction group showed significant reduction in systolic blood pressure (supine 19.2 mm Hg, erect 21.4 mm Hg; p less than 0.001) and mean daily urinary sodium excretion (mean reduction 60 mmol/24 h). There were no appreciable changes in weight, diabetic control, or diastolic pressure. No significant changes occurred in controls. In double blind crossover study mean supine systolic blood pressure rose significantly (p less than 0.005) during sodium supplementation (to 171 mm Hg) compared with value after three months of sodium restriction alone (159.9 mm Hg) and after one month of placebo (161.8 mm Hg). CONCLUSIONS: Moderate dietary restriction of sodium has a definite hypotensive effect, which may be useful in mild hypertension of type II diabetes.
Perinatal outcomes in children born after fresh or frozen embryo transfer using donated oocytes.; STUDY QUESTION: Do children born after vitrified-thawed embryo transfers (ETs) using donated oocytes have worse perinatal outcomes when compared with fresh ET? SUMMARY ANSWER: No significant difference in birthweight and prematurity rates between fresh or frozen embryo transfers (FETs) in newborns after oocyte donation was found. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Autologous singletons born after fresh ET have been previously associated with higher rates of preterm birth and low birthweight, while FETs seem to confer a higher risk of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and macrosomia. However, studies comparing these outcomes using autologous oocytes are unable to adequately disentangle the putative detrimental consequences of embryo vitrification from the possible effects that ovarian stimulation and endometrial preparation may have on endometrial receptivity prior to ET. The oocyte donation model is, for this reason, a more appropriate setting to study these hypotheses; however so far, the information available regarding neonatal outcomes in this patient population is limited to either small and/or heterogeneous studies. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: We performed a multicentre retrospective cohort study including 5848 singletons born between 2009 and February 2020 following oocyte donation and single blastocyst transfer, subdivided according to whether a fresh ET or FET was performed. We also performed two additional sensitivity analyses, subgrouping the sample according to the type of endometrial preparation (natural versus artificial) and whether the donated oocytes had previously been vitrified or not. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Patients with a first singleton livebirth after single blastocyst transfer were compared using multivariable regression analysis to account for potential confounding factors. The primary outcome was birthweight. Secondary outcomes were birthweight z-scores and percentiles, small/large for gestational age, gestational age at delivery, gender, prematurity (<37 weeks and <32 weeks), neonatal morbidity (Apgar scores and need for neonatal intensive care) and maternal morbidity (gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and caesarean delivery). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: There was no significant difference between the fresh ET and FET groups in terms of mean birthweight (3215 g versus 3200 g) and birthweight z-scores (0.03 versus 0.1), in both the unadjusted and confounder-adjusted models. However, artificial endometrial preparation was associated with a higher birthweight (3220 g versus 3105 g) and birthweight z-scores (0.06 versus -0.13) when compared with a transfer in a natural cycle. Although a 1-day statistically significant difference in gestational age at birth (275 versus 274 days) was detected, premature birth rates (<37 weeks) did not vary significantly between groups (9.9% and 11.2% for fresh ET and FET, respectively). No other statistically significant differences were found in the remaining neonatal and maternal outcomes studies between the fresh ET and FET groups. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: This study is limited by its retrospective design and lack of information regarding congenital malformations. Moreover, the sample selection criteria that were used may limit the generalizability of our results. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Perinatal outcomes did not seem to be affected significantly by the embryo vitrification process in an oocyte donation model. Hence, other factors may contribute to the hindered perinatal outcomes described in ART, particularly the potential effect that ovarian stimulation and endometrial preparation may have on endometrial receptivity. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): No specific funding was obtained for this study. All authors have no conflicts to declare. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
High-risk pregnancies in urban and rural communities in central part of Ethiopia.; A survey was conducted in 13 urban kebeles and 13 rural villages to assess the magnitude of high risk pregnancies. A total of 567 pregnant women were included in the study. Of these, 28.6% were younger than 20 or older than 34 years. Early marriage below the age of 20 were reported by 85%. 21.7% and 22.2% were nulliparous and multiparous women, respectively. 39.2% were illiterate and 42.9% with a very low income. 14.6% gave a history of abortion, 13.1% of infant deaths, 6.3% of postpartum haemorrhage and 1.1% of antepartum haemorrhage. Abnormal height was recorded in 18.5%, Albuminuria in 11.5% and abnormal diastolic blood pressure in 12.2%, where 2.9% and 9.2% were classified as pre-eclamptic and gestational hypertensive. 52.3% were not receiving antenatal care services. Those who had at least one of the risk factors were 85%. The results from this study indicate the need for increased Family Planning services and appropriate training, and use of community health workers.
Effect of Borderline Personality Disorder on Obstetrical and Neonatal Outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a serious mental disorder commonly associated with functional impairments and adverse health outcomes. Very little is known about BPD in pregnant women; hence, our study objective was to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2003 to 2012. We identified births using the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) diagnostic and procedure codes and classified women by BPD status. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes, adjusted for subject baseline characteristics. FINDINGS: During the study period, there were 989 births to women with BPD with an overall incidence of 11.65 in 100,000 births. Women with BPD were more likely younger, of lower socioeconomic status, smoked or used drugs, and had an underlying mental disorder. Unadjusted models revealed that BPD was associated with an increased risk of almost all adverse maternal and fetal outcomes we examined, the exception being post partum hemorrhage and instrumental delivery, which both had a null association with BPD, and induction of labor, which was negatively associated with BPD. Upon full adjustment, BPD was found to be associated with the following obstetrical and neonatal outcomes: gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 1.45; 95% CI, 1.13-1.85), premature rupture of the membranes (OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.07-1.83), chorioamnionitis (OR, 1.65; 95% CI, 1.14-2.39), venous thromboembolism (OR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.12-3.96), caesarian delivery (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.26-1.64), and preterm birth (OR, 1.54; 95% CI, 1.29-1.83). CONCLUSION: BPD is associated with several adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Hence, pregnant women who suffer from BPD should be monitored closely by a multidisciplinary health care team both before and during their pregnancies. This oversight would allow for the receipt of treatment for BPD and also interventions to help them to cease tobacco and drug use, which may ultimately decrease the incidence of poor obstetrical and neonatal outcomes.
Ethnic differences in mortality and hospital admission rates between Māori, Pacific, and European New Zealanders with type 2 diabetes between 1994 and 2018: a retrospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes affects Indigenous and non-European populations disproportionately, including in New Zealand, where long-term temporal trends in cause-specific clinical outcomes between Māori, Pacific, and European people remain unclear. We aimed to compare the rates of mortality and hospital admission between Māori, Pacific, and European patients with type 2 diabetes in Auckland, New Zealand, over a period of 24 years. METHODS: In this retrospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study, we identified a cohort of patients (aged 35-84 years) with type 2 diabetes enrolled between Jan 1, 1994, and July 31, 2018, to the primary care audit programme, the Diabetes Care Support Service (DCSS) in Auckland, New Zealand. Patients with type 1 diabetes, prediabetes, and gestational diabetes were excluded. We linked data from the DCSS with national death registration, hospital admission, pharmaceutical claim, and socioeconomic status databases. Patients were followed up until death or July 31, 2018 (date of last enrolment to the DCSS). Incident clinical events (all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, cancer mortality, cardiovascular hospital admission, cancer hospital admission, and end-stage renal disease hospital admission) were identified. Event rates were stratified by ethnic group, age group, sex, socioeconomic status, and time period (<1998, 1999-2013, 2004-08, 2009-13, and 2014-18). Incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and absolute risk differences were adjusted for sex, age, smoking status, obesity, socioeconomic status, and time period by use of age-period-cohort modelling. FINDINGS: Between Jan 1, 1994, and July 31, 2018, 45 072 patients with type 2 diabetes (21 936 [48·7%] female; mean age 56·7 years [SD 13·8]) were enrolled in the DCSS and followed up for a median of 9·7 years (IQR 5·8-13·6). 16 755 (37·2%) were European, 7093 (15·7%) were Māori, and 12 044 (26·7%) were Pacific patients. Despite a similar temporal trend (decreasing mortality and increasing hospital admissions) across the three ethnic groups, Māori and Pacific patients had consistently higher hospital admission rates than European patients. Māori but not Pacific patients had higher adjusted IRRs for all-cause mortality (1·96 [95% CI 1·80-2·14]), cardiovascular mortality (1·93 [1·63-2·29]) and cancer mortality (1·64 [1·40-1·93]) rates compared with European patients. INTERPRETATION: Compared with European patients, poorer health outcomes have persisted among Māori and Pacific people with type 2 diabetes for more than 20 years. New policies supporting prevention and more intensive management of type 2 diabetes are urgently needed. Research into the biological and societal mechanisms underlying these disparities, and the associated differences between Māori and Pacific patients is also needed. FUNDING: Counties Manukau Health and Middlemore Foundation.
Effect of intrauterine growth retardation on liver and long-term metabolic risk.; Intrauterine growth retardation predisposes toward long-term morbidity from type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the concept of programming was introduced to indicate a process whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical period of development has lasting or lifelong consequences on key endocrine and metabolic pathways. Subtle changes in cell composition of tissues, induced by suboptimal conditions in utero, can influence postnatal physiological functions. There is increasing evidence, suggesting that liver may represent one of the candidate organs targeted by programming, undergoing structural, functional and epigenetic changes following exposure to an unfavorable intrauterine environment. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying liver programming that contribute to increase the cardiometabolic risk in subjects with intrauterine growth restriction.
Dyslipoproteinemia in women. Special considerations.; Heart disease is the number one cause of death in women, as it is in men; risk factors include high cholesterol, high triglycerides, low HDL-C, diabetes, hypertension, and cigarette smoking. Most of these factors are alterable. The lipoprotein profile of a woman undergoes many changes during her lifetime because of the effects of endogenous hormones at pregnancy, the administration of oral contraceptives, and estrogen replacement at the menopause. Endogenous estrogen reduces the risk of heart disease in women as does unopposed estrogen replacement in the menopause. Oral contraceptives, on the other hand, can increase risk depending on the dose prescribed. Careful attention to a woman's native lipid profile, as well as to the impact of administered hormones on her lipids, is important. It is the responsibility of the physician to help patients achieve and maintain the least atherogenic lipid profile possible as well as to identify and reduce other cardiovascular risk factors.
Pregnancy complications among women born preterm.; BACKGROUND: Adults who were born with low birth weights are at increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic conditions, including pregnancy complications. Low birth weight can result from intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth or both. We examined the relation between preterm birth and pregnancy complications later in life. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study in the province of Quebec involving 7405 women born preterm (554 < 32 weeks, 6851 at 32-36 weeks) and a matched cohort of 16 714 born at term between 1976 and 1995 who had a live birth or stillbirth between 1987 and 2008. The primary outcome measures were pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia or eclampsia). RESULTS: Overall, 19.9% of women born at less than 32 weeks, 13.2% born at 32-36 weeks and 11.7% born at term had at least 1 pregnancy complication at least once during the study period (p < 0.001). Women born small for gestational age (both term and preterm) had increased odds of having at least 1 pregnancy complication compared with women born at term and at appropriate weight for gestational age. After adjustment for various factors, including birth weight for gestational age, the odds of pregnancy complications associated with preterm birth was elevated by 1.95-fold (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.54-2.47) among women born before 32 weeks' gestation and 1.14-fold (95% CI 1.03-1.25) among those born at 32-36 weeks' gestation relative to women born at term. INTERPRETATION: Being born preterm, in addition to, and independent of, being small for gestational age, was associated with a significantly increased risk of later having pregnancy complications.
The two-stage placental model of preeclampsia: An update.; Early-onset preeclampsia has been linked to poor placentation and fetal growth restriction, whereas late-onset preeclampsia was suggested to result from maternal factors. We have proposed an alternative model, suggesting that both early- and late-onset preeclampsia result from placental syncytiotrophoblast stress. This stress represents a common endpoint of several Stage 1 processes, promoting the clinical stage 2 of preeclampsia (new-onset hypertension and proteinuria or other signs of end-organ dysfunction), but the causes and timing of placental malperfusion differ. We have suggested that late-onset preeclampsia, without evidence of poor spiral artery remodelling, may be secondary to intraplacental (intervillous) malperfusion due to mechanical restrictions. As the growing placenta reaches its size limit, malperfusion and hypoxia occurs. This latter pathway reflects what is observed in postmature or multiple pregnancies. Our revised two-stage model accommodates most risk factors for preeclampsia including primiparity, chronic pre-pregnancy disease (e.g. obesity, diabetic-, chronic hypertensive-, and some autoimmune diseases), and pregnancy risk factors (e.g. multiple or molar pregnancies, gestational diabetes or hypertension, and low circulating Placental Growth Factor). These factors may increase the risk of progressing to the second stage of preeclampsia (both early- and late-onset) by affecting one of or both pathways leading to Stage 1, as well as potentially accelerating the steps towards Stage 2, including priming the maternal cardiovascular susceptibility to inflammatory factors shed by the placenta. This paper reviews previous preeclampsia findings and concepts, which fit with the revised two-stage model, and argues that "maternal" preeclampsia does not exist, as all preeclampsia requires a placenta.
Infertility, Infertility Treatment, and Cardiovascular Disease: An Overview.; The prevalence of maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) has risen throughout the developed world, reflecting an increase in acquired cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension and diabetes, and the improved life expectancy of those living with congenital and acquired heart disease owing to advances in care. Because many cardiovascular risk factors and conditions are associated with infertility, reproductive-age individuals with CVD may increasingly seek reproductive assistance. The worldwide use of assisted reproductive technologies (ART), such as in vitro fertilisation, with or without intracytoplasmic sperm injection, or intrauterine insemination after pharmacologic ovulation induction have increased steadily over the past several decades. It is incumbent on providers who care for reproductive-age individuals with preexisting CVD or CVD risk factors to understand and appreciate the types of treatments offered and inherent risks related to infertility treatments, in order to guide their patients to making safe reproductive choices in line with their values and preferences. Infertility treatments increase the risk of complicated pregnancy, but whether these risks are compounded among individuals with preexisting CVD is less well known. In this review, we summarise current available evidence regarding short-term and long-term cardiovascular implications of ART among individuals with and without CVD, as well as treatment considerations for these individuals. Existing knowledge gaps and priority areas for further study are presented.
Maternal obesity and risk of cardiovascular diseases in offspring: a population-based cohort and sibling-controlled study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal overweight and obesity might increase risks of adiposity and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in offspring. We examined associations between maternal overweight and obesity severity and risk of cardiovascular diseases in young offspring. METHODS: In this population-based cohort study, we used data from live singleton births recorded in the Swedish Medical Birth Register. We calculated maternal BMI in early pregnancy from self-reported height and weight measurements at the first prenatal visit. We used multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs. We calculated the proportion of the associations mediated through known consequences of obesity that also predicted cardiovascular diseases and did family case-control analyses. FINDINGS: We identified 2 230 115 live singleton infants (without congenital malformations) in Sweden registered between Jan 1, 1992, and Dec 31, 2016. Overall, 1741 (0·08%) offspring were diagnosed with a cardiovascular disease between ages 1 and 25 years. Cardiovascular disease rates by maternal BMI categories were 0·57 per 10 000 child-years (BMI 18·5-24·9 kg/m(2); normal weight), 0·61 per 10 000 child-years (25·0-29·9 kg/m(2); overweight), 0·67 per 10 000 child-years (30·0-34·9 kg/m(2); obesity grade I), 1·02 per 10 000 child-years (35·0-39·9 kg/m(2); obesity grade II), and 1·38 per 10 000 child-years (≥40·0 kg/m(2); obesity grade III). Compared with offspring of mothers with normal BMI, HRs of cardiovascular diseases were 1·10 (95% CI 0·97-1·25) for overweight, 1·16 (0·95-1·43) for obesity grade I, 1·84 (1·36-2·49) for obesity grade II, and 2·51 (1·60-3·92) for obesity grade III. Risks of cerebrovascular diseases increased with maternal obesity severity and were partly mediated through asphyxia-related neonatal complications. The sibling-cohort analysis also indicated a positive trend between maternal BMI and cardiovascular disease rates. INTERPRETATIONS: Our findings indicate that maternal obesity might be a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases in childhood and early adulthood. These results need to be replicated and possible underlying mechanisms identified. FUNDING: Swedish Research Council for Health, Working Life and Welfare.
Pregnancy outcomes after kidney donation.; The outcome of pregnancy in kidney donors has generally been viewed to be favorable. We determined fetal and maternal outcomes in a large cohort of kidney donors. A total of 2102 women have donated a kidney at our institution; 1589 donors responded to our pregnancy surveys; 1085 reported 3213 pregnancies and 504 reported none. Fetal and maternal outcomes in postdonation pregnancies were comparable to published rates in the general population. Postdonation (vs. predonation) pregnancies were associated with a lower likelihood of full-term deliveries (73.7% vs. 84.6%, p = 0.0004) and a higher likelihood of fetal loss (19.2% vs. 11.3%, p < 0.0001). Postdonation pregnancies were also associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes (2.7% vs. 0.7%, p = 0.0001), gestational hypertension (5.7% vs. 0.6%, p < 0.0001), proteinuria (4.3% vs. 1.1%, p < 0.0001) and preeclampsia (5.5% vs. 0.8%, p < 0.0001). Women who had both pre- and post-donation pregnancies were also more likely to have these adverse maternal outcomes in their postdonation pregnancies. In this large survey of previous living donors in a single center, fetal and maternal outcomes and pregnancy outcomes after kidney donation were similar to those reported in the general population, but inferior to predonation pregnancy outcomes.
Iodine-induced hypothyroidism in full-term infants with congenital heart disease: more common than currently appreciated?; CONTEXT: Iodine is a micronutrient essential for thyroid hormone synthesis. Thyroid hormone is critical for normal neurocognitive development in young infants, and even transient hypothyroidism can cause adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. Both iodine deficiency and excess can cause hypothyroidism. Although iodine-induced hypothyroidism is well recognized in premature infants, full-term neonates have received less attention. Infants with congenital heart disease (CHD) are commonly exposed to excess iodine from administration of iodinated contrast agents during cardiac catheterization as well as topical application of iodine-containing antiseptics and dressings; hence, this is a vulnerable population. OBJECTIVE: We report three cases of iodine-induced hypothyroidism in full-term neonates with CHD after cardiac angiography and topical application of iodine-containing antiseptics and dressings in the operative setting. RESULTS: Three neonates with CHD and normal thyroid function at birth developed hypothyroidism after exposure to excess iodine. Two of these infants had transient hypothyroidism, and one had severe hypothyroidism requiring ongoing thyroid replacement therapy. All infants were asymptomatic, with hypothyroidism detected incidentally in the inpatient setting due to repeat newborn screening mandated by the long duration of hospitalization in these infants. CONCLUSIONS: Iodine-induced hypothyroidism may be under-recognized in infants with CHD exposed to excess iodine. Systematic monitoring of thyroid function should be considered to avoid potential long-term adverse neurodevelopmental effects of even transient thyroid dysfunction in this susceptible population.
Correlation between Random Urinary Protein-to-creatinine Ratio and 24-h Urinary Protein Excretion in Preeclampsia.; This study aimed to determine the correlation between random urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio in single-voided urine samples and 24-h urinary protein excretion in pregnant women with preeclampsia. A cross-sectional study was conducted at the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Abbasi Shaheed Hospital, Karachi, Pakistan, from July 2019 to June 2020. Fifty women with singleton pregnancy after 20 weeks of gestation with hypertension and 2+ proteinuria or more, according to a dipstick test, were included. Those with chronic hypertension; preexisting renal disease; gestational diabetes; eclampsia; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, a low platelet count syndrome; and coexisting urinary tract infections were excluded. Two random urine samples taken at 9:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m. and 24-h urine samples were collected to evaluate the random urinary protein-to-creatinine and the 24-h protein excretion, respectively. The correlation coefficient (r) between them was calculated using Pearson's correlation test. The patients' mean age was 28.58 ± 5.09 years and their mean gestational age was 32.74 ± 4.44 weeks. Twenty-eight (56%) women were primigravidas, and 22 (44%) were multiparous. The average serum creatinine was 0.80 ± 0.16 mg/dL. The mean random urinary protein-to-creatinine ratio was 0.93 ± 0.7 mg/mg, and the mean 24-h urine was 481.08 ± 20.10 mL. A strong positive correlation was found between the protein-to-creatinine ratio and 24-h urinary protein excretion (r = 0.655; P = 0.01). We concluded that the protein-to-creatinine ratio in spot urine samples could be used as an alternative to in 24-h collection of urine to determine protein excretion in preeclamptic pregnant women.
PP151. Hypertensive complications in pregnancy - Two year study (2008-2009).; INTRODUCTION: Hypertension affects 10% of all pregnancies and accounts for approximately a quarter of all antenatal admissions. Hypertension in pregnancy includes a wide spectrum of conditions, including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, pre-eclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension, chronic hypertension, and gestational hypertension. Pregnancies complicated by hypertension are associated with increased risk of adverse fetal, neonatal and maternal outcomes, including preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, perinatal death, acute renal or hepatic failure, ante partum haemorrhage, postpartum haemorrhage and maternal death. Overall pre-eclampsia complicates 5-6% of pregnancies and eclampsia complicates 1-2% of pre-eclamptic pregnancies. OBJECTIVES: Analysis of the maternal complications (incidence of ICU admissions, preeclampsia/eclampsia, renal or cardiovascular acute dysfunction, HELLP syndrome, placental abruption, maternal death) and fetal/neonatal outcome. METHODS: In a retrospective study, from January 2008 to December 2009, all files related with complications of hypertensive disorders, seen in our institution, were analysed. The statistic analysis was based on Excel 2007. RESULTS: Of 309 cases, 123 patients (40%) were found to have gestational hypertension while 121 (40%) suffer chronic hypertension. Ninety patients (29%) have preeclampsia or eclampsia (4 cases). 22 patients with chronic hypertension had a superimposed preeclampsia. Fetal growth restriction, HELLP syndrome and placental abruption were the obstetric complications in 4%, 1% and 1% of the cases, respectively. Additionally, multiple pregnancy and gestational diabetes were noted in 2.6% and 10.7% of the patients. Delivery route was vaginal in 90 patients while 68.9% underwent caesarean section. 6.5% of the patients were admitted to ICU and no woman has died. Preterm delivery occurred in 26.2% of the cases and 2 interruptions of pregnancy before 24weeks were performed due to maternal complications. Intrauterine fetal demise was recorded in 2 cases on admission. CONCLUSION: Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are more likely to have received medical or obstetric interventions such as caesarean section operations. Pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia and eclampsia may be associated with life-threatening complications for both the mother and infant.
CXCL12-CXCR4 signalling plays an essential role in proper patterning of aortic arch and pulmonary arteries.; AIMS: Chemokine CXCL12 (stromal derived factor 1: SDF1) has been shown to play important roles in various processes of cardiovascular development. In recent avian studies, CXCL12 signalling has been implicated in guidance of cardiac neural crest cells for their participation in the development of outflow tract and cardiac septum. The goal of this study is to investigate the extent to which CXCL12 signalling contribute to the development of aortic arch and pulmonary arteries in mammals. METHODS AND RESULTS: Novel Cxcl12-LacZ reporter and conditional alleles were generated. Using whole mount X-gal staining with the reporter allele and vascular casting techniques, we show that the domain branching pattern of pulmonary arteries in Cxcl12-null mice is completely disrupted and discordant with that of pulmonary veins and airways. Cxcl12-null mice also displayed abnormal and superfluous arterial branches from the aortic arch. The early steps of pharyngeal arch remodelling in Cxcl12-null mice appeared to be unaffected, but vertebral arteries were often missing and prominent aberrant arteries were present parallel to carotid arteries or trachea, similar to aberrant vertebral artery or thyroid ima artery, respectively. Analysis with computed tomography not only confirmed the results from vascular casting studies but also identified abnormal systemic arterial supply to lungs in the Cxcl12-null mice. Tie2-Cre mediated Cxcr4 deletion phenocopied the Cxcl12-null phenotypes, indicating that CXCR4 is the primary receptor for arterial patterning, whereas Cxcl12 or Cxcr4 deletion by Wnt1-Cre did not affect aortic arch patterning. CONCLUSION: CXCL12-CXCR4 signalling is essential for the correct patterning of aortic arches and pulmonary arteries during development. Superfluous arteries in Cxcl12-null lungs and the aortic arch infer a role of CXCL12 in protecting arteries from uncontrolled sprouting during development of the arterial system.
Renal aquaporins and water balance disorders.; BACKGROUND: Aquaporins (AQPs) are a family of proteins that can act as water channels. Regulation of AQPs is critical to osmoregulation and the maintenance of body water homeostasis. Eight AQPs are expressed in the kidney of which five have been shown to play a role in body water balance; AQP1, AQP2, AQP3, AQP4 and AQP7. AQP2 in particular is regulated by vasopressin. SCOPE OF REVIEW: This review summarizes our current knowledge of the underlying mechanisms of various water balance disorders and their treatment strategies. MAJOR CONCLUSIONS: Dysfunctions of AQPs are involved in disorders associated with disturbed water homeostasis. Hyponatremia with increased AQP levels can be caused by diseases with low effective circulating blood volume, such as congestive heart failure, or osmoregulation disorders such as the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone. Treatment consists of fluid restriction, demeclocycline and vasopressin type-2 receptor antagonists. Decreased AQP levels can lead to diabetes insipidus (DI), characterized by polyuria and polydipsia. In central DI, vasopressin production is impaired, while in gestational DI, levels of the vasopressin-degrading enzyme vasopressinase are abnormally increased. Treatment consists of the vasopressin analogue dDAVP. Nephrogenic DI is caused by the inability of the kidney to respond to vasopressin and can be congenital, but is most commonly acquired, usually due to lithium therapy. Treatment consists of sufficient fluid supply, low-solute diet and diuretics. GENERAL SIGNIFICANCE: In recent years, our understanding of the underlying mechanisms of water balance disorders has increased enormously, which has opened up several possible new treatment strategies. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled Aquaporins.
[Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in preterm newborn with kidney transplanted mother].; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the newborn is a rare entity with heterogeneous etiology. Transient forms have been described in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and in preterm infants exposed both to prenatal and postnatal corticosteroids. We report a case of a preterm infant son of a mother who received renal transplant in whom hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was detected. He had been prenatally exposed to corticosteroids and tacrolimus that received the mother as immunosuppressive therapy. Both drugs cross the placental barrier and, on reaching the fetus, could have favored its development. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy may be an uncommon side effect of treatment with tacrolimus in adults and children and it is reversible upon withdrawal. To our knowledge, it is the first published case of transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy after fetal exposure to both corticosteroids and tacrolimus in the son of a renal transplanted mother.
Analysis of Maternal and Fetal Oxidative Stress During Delivery with Epidural Analgesia.; Childbirth is a stressful event for mothers, and labor epidural analgesia (LEA) may reduce mental stress. Mental stressors include labor pain, fear, and anxiety, which induce oxidative stress. In this study, we focused on oxidative stress during delivery and conducted a cross-sectional analysis of maternal and fetal oxidative stress. The participants included 15 women who received LEA (LEA group) and 15 who did not (No LEA group). Participants with a gestational age of < 37 weeks, BMI of ≥ 35 kg/m(2), cerebrovascular or cardiovascular complications, multiple pregnancies, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, thyroid disease, birth weight of < 2,500 g, emergency cesarean section, or cases in which epidural anesthesia was re-administered during delivery were excluded from the study. Maternal blood was collected on admission, and immediately after delivery, and umbilical artery blood was collected from the fetus. The oxidative stress status was assessed by measuring diacron-reactive oxygen metabolite (an index of the degree of lipid peroxide oxidation), biological antioxidant potential (an index of antioxidant capacity) and calculating the ratio of BAP/d-ROMs (an index of the oxidative stress). The results showed that maternal oxidative stress immediately after delivery was lower in the LEA group than in the No LEA group. Moreover, the fetuses experienced less oxidative stress in the LEA group than in the No LEA group. Taken together, these results suggest that LEA may reduce maternal and fetal oxidative stress associated with childbirth.
Inflammation, metalloproteinases, and growth factors in the development of carotid atherosclerosis in renal transplant patients.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in renal transplant (RT) patients. Both traditional and emerging risk factors, some of which are controversial, have been described in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. Carotid ultrasound (CUS) is considered to be an excellent diagnostic tool for subclinical atherosclerosis. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between biomarkers of inflammation, growth factors, metalloproteinases, and the development of subclinical atherosclerosis diagnosed by using CUS. METHODS: We studied 93 RT patients (aged 54±12 years; 67.9% men; 13.5% with pre-RT diabetes mellitus). The following biomarkers were determined in the patients' blood hours before RT: C-reactive protein (CRP) and serum amyloid A using nephelometry; interleukin (IL) 2, 6, 8, and 10 and soluble IL-2 receptor, tumor necrosis factor (TNF) α, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), epidermal growth factor, and monocyte chemotactic peptide using chemoluminescence; and pregnancy-associated plasma protein (PAPP)A using ELISA. A CUS was carried out during the first month after RT. RESULTS: Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) was elevated in 51% of the patients, and 50.5% of the patients had atherosclerotic plaque. Both plaque (P=.004) and IMT (P=.001) correlated with age, and the increase of IMT was progressive, on both the left and the right side. Pre-RT CRP, IL-8, TNF-α, VEGF, MCP-1, and PAPP-A were significantly more elevated in patients with plaque. In the multivariate analysis adjusted for clinical variables, age (odds ratio [OR], 1.05; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.01-1.10; P=.04), CRP (OR, 7.5; 95% CI, 2.05-27.3; P=.002), IL-8 (OR, 4.73; 95% CI, 1.27-17.6; P=.02), and PAPP-A (OR, 4.45; 95% CI, 1.22-16.2; P=.023) were independent markers of the presence of plaque. CONCLUSIONS: Age, CRP, IL-8, and PAPP-A, and not growth factors, are markers of carotid atheromatous plaque in RT patients.
Trends in and Maternal Outcomes of Delivery Hospitalizations of Patients With an Asthma Diagnosis.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize asthma prevalence and outcomes during U.S. delivery hospitalizations. METHODS: For this repeated cross-sectional analysis, deliveries to women aged 15-54 years with asthma were identified in the 2000-2018 National Inpatient Sample, which approximates a 20% stratified sample of all hospitalizations nationally. Temporal trends in asthma were analyzed using joinpoint regression to estimate the average annual percent change with 95% CIs. The association of asthma with other comorbid conditions was analyzed. The relationship between asthma and several adverse maternal outcomes was analyzed with unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models, with unadjusted odds ratios and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) as measures of effect. Risk for and trends in a composite of rare, but severe, respiratory complications also were analyzed. RESULTS: An estimated 73,109,790 delivery hospitalizations from 2000 to 2018 were included in the analysis, of which 2,221,644 (3.0%) had a diagnosis of asthma. (Unweighted, the study sample included 15,213,024 deliveries, of which 462,276 [3.0%] had a diagnosis of asthma.) Asthma diagnoses rose from 1.2% in 2000 to 5.3% in 2018, representing an average annual percent change of 8.3% (95% CI 7.4-9.2%). Asthma was more common among women with obesity and chronic hypertension. In adjusted analyses, asthma was associated with severe maternal morbidity (aOR 1.50, 95% CI 1.45-1.55), preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.26-1.30), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.19-1.24), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.16, 95% CI 1.15-1.18), gestational diabetes (aOR 1.20, 95% CI 1.18-1.21), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.65-1.95), and preterm delivery (aOR 1.27, 95% CI 1.25-1.29). From 2000 to 2018, severe respiratory complications decreased from 72 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma to 14 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma (average annual percent change -9.4%, 95% CI -13.3% to -5.3%). This decreasing risk was offset on a population level by an increase in the risk of asthma. CONCLUSION: Asthma is increasing during deliveries, is associated with adverse maternal outcomes, and is associated with comorbid conditions. Severe respiratory complications are decreasing proportionately among deliveries with asthma, but are stable on a population basis.
Hemodynamic changes after spinal anesthesia in preeclamptic patients undergoing cesarean section at a tertiary referral center in Ethiopia: a prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Spinal anesthesia-induced maternal hypotension is the most frequent complication associated with maternal morbidity and mortality during Cesarean section. The aim of this study was to compare the incidence and magnitude of hemodynamic changes in preeclamptic and non-preeclamptic parturients undergone Cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. METHOD: A prospective cohort study was conducted from 01 February to 28 May 2019 in preeclamptic and non-preeclamptic parturients. We hypothesized preeclamptic parturients are at high risk of spinal anesthesia induced hypotension than non preeclamptics. A total of 122 ASA II and ASA III parturients were recruited consecutively and assigned to two groups (81non-preeclamptics, and 41 preeclamptics). Parturients with cardiac disease, twin pregnancy, chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, superimposed hypertension, renal disease, diabetes mellitus, coagulopathy (platelet count < 80 × 10(9)/L), active labor, eclampsia, abruptio placentae, placenta praevia, any adjuvant added with local anesthetics were excluded. The data analysis was done using SPSS version 22 statistical software. Student t test, MannWhitney U test and Fisher exact test were used to compare the data. All P values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. RESULT: The incidence of spinal anesthesia-induced hypotension was higher in non-preeclamptic parturients than preeclamptic parturients (55.6% vs. 34.1%, respectively) and the degree of blood pressure drop was significantly greater in the non-preeclamptic parturients compared to those with preeclampsia; As well intraoperative fluid consumption was significantly greater in the non-preeclamptics parturients compared to those with preeclamptics. CONCLUSION: The incidence and magnitude of spinal anesthesia-induced hypotension in parturients undergone Cesarean section were less in preeclamptic parturients than in non-preeclamptic parturients.. Based on the data from this study we recommended spinal anesthesia for preeclamptic patients, unless there is a contra indication based on preeclampsia.
Effects of prenatal PPAR-γ agonist rosiglitazone exposure on rat hippocampus development in a time-dependent manner: A stereological and histopathological study.; Rosiglitazone is in the thiazolidinedione class of drugs used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It works as an insulin sensitizer by binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. We investigated the effects of prenatally administered rosiglitazone on pyramidal cell numbers and morphologies in the hippocampus at postnatal period using histochemical and stereological techniques, congenital morphological properties and the number of offspring in rats. Eighteen female rats were grouped into control (C), low-dose rosiglitazone (LDR) and high-dose rosiglitazone (HDR). LDR pregnant rats received 2 mg/kg/day of rosiglitazone via oral gavage during the first 16 days of the pregnancy. HDR rats received 5 mg/kg/day. The infants were grouped into newborn (NB), 4 week (4 W) and 12 week (12 W). A side from histopathologic and congenital assessments, stereological analyses were performed using the optical fractionator method. Congenital anomaly was not detected in any of the rosiglitazone treatment groups, and their number of offspring was similar to that of the C group. Stereological counts revealed a significant reduction in the number of hippocampal pyramidal cells in the C and LDR groups but not in the HDR group until birth to 12th week. When NB groups were compared, the number of pyramidal cells in the HDRNB group was less than those in the LDRNB and CNB groups. HDR affected apoptosis or the proliferation and maturation of progenitor cells to the pyramidal neuron during neurodevelopment in the hippocampus, whereas LDR did not adversely affect neuronal development and did not cause congenital anomalies.
Insulin Resistance of Puberty.; Puberty is a time of considerable metabolic and hormonal change. Notably, puberty is associated with a marked decrease in insulin sensitivity, on par with that seen during pregnancy. In otherwise healthy youth, there is a nadir in insulin sensitivity in mid-puberty, and then it recovers at puberty completion. However, there is evidence that insulin resistance (IR) does not resolve in youth who are obese going into puberty and may result in increased cardiometabolic risk. Little is known about the underlying pathophysiology of IR in puberty, and how it might contribute to increased disease risk (e.g., type 2 diabetes). In this review, we have outlined what is known about the IR in puberty in terms of pattern, potential underlying mechanisms and other mediating factors. We also outline other potentially related metabolic changes that occur during puberty, and effects of underlying insulin resistant states (e.g., obesity) on pubertal changes in insulin sensitivity.
Fetal sex and maternal pregnancy outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Since the placenta also has a sex, fetal sex-specific differences in the occurrence of placenta-mediated complications could exist. OBJECTIVE: To determine the association of fetal sex with multiple maternal pregnancy complications. SEARCH STRATEGY: Six electronic databases Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central, Web-of-Science, PubMed, and Google Scholar were systematically searched to identify eligible studies. Reference lists of the included studies and contact with experts were also used for identification of studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Observational studies that assessed fetal sex and the presence of maternal pregnancy complications within singleton pregnancies. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSES: Data were extracted by 2 independent reviewers using a predesigned data collection form. MAIN RESULTS: From 6522 original references, 74 studies were selected, including over 12,5 million women. Male fetal sex was associated with term pre-eclampsia (pooled OR 1.07 [95%CI 1.06 to 1.09]) and gestational diabetes (pooled OR 1.04 [1.02 to 1.07]). All other pregnancy complications (i.e., gestational hypertension, total pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, placental abruption, and post-partum hemorrhage) tended to be associated with male fetal sex, except for preterm pre-eclampsia, which was more associated with female fetal sex. Overall quality of the included studies was good. Between-study heterogeneity was high due to differences in study population and outcome definition. CONCLUSION: This meta-analysis suggests that the occurrence of pregnancy complications differ according to fetal sex with a higher cardiovascular and metabolic load for the mother in the presence of a male fetus. FUNDING: None.
Medical advice for commercial air travelers.; Family physicians are often asked to advise patients who are preparing to travel. The Air Carrier Access Act of 1986 has enabled more passengers with medical disabilities to choose air travel. All domestic U.S. airlines are required to carry basic (but often limited) medical equipment, although several physiologic stresses associated with flight may predispose travelers with underlying medical conditions to require emergency care. Recommendations for passengers with respiratory, cardiac or postsurgical conditions must be individualized and should be based on objective testing measures. Specific advice for patients with diabetes, postsurgical or otolaryngologic conditions may make air travel less hazardous for these persons. Air travel should be delayed after scuba diving to minimize the chance of developing decompression sickness. Although no quick cure for jet lag exists, several simple suggestions may make travel across time zones more comfortable.
Euglycemic Diabetic Ketoacidosis Induced by Sodium-Glucose Cotransporter-2 Inhibitor Use and Coronary Angiography: A Case Report.; Euglycemic diabetic ketoacidosis (EDKA) is an uncommon subtype of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) which presents with similar laboratory findings to classic DKA with the exception of blood glucose levels being under 250 mg/dl. EDKA has several etiologies including pregnancy, starvation and the use of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2). SGLT-2 inhibitors such as empagliflozin and dapagliflozin are increasing in popularity due to their positive benefits for patients with diabetes mellitus and cardiac disease. EDKA is underdiagnosed as it presents with blood sugar levels lower than expected in classic DKA. This case report describes a well-controlled type 2 diabetic patient prescribed an SGLT-2 inhibitor who developed EDKA after undergoing coronary angiography for acute heart failure.
Maternal obesity and associated reproductive consequences.; The prevalence of obesity is continuing to increase among women. Women who are in their reproductive years are disproportionately affected by obesity. The link between obesity and increased morbidity from various conditions, including cardiovascular disease, Type 2 diabetes, osteoarthritis and malignancies, is well established. This article discusses the current state of obesity among reproductive age women in the USA and reviews the impact of maternal obesity on reproduction. The genetic contribution to human obesity is also discussed, as is reproduction following weight reduction surgery.
Women's oral health: why sex and gender matter.; This article examines the differences and interaction between sex and gender, and how they affect women's oral and general health. The authors provide a definition of women's health, and examples of how this definition can be used to describe various oral health conditions and diseases in women. The article reviews the research on sex and gender and provides examples of their interactions. Examples of oral diseases that affect primarily women are reviewed. Advice for clinicians on the diagnosis, management, and prevention of these conditions is provided.
The relationship between periodontal disease and systemic conditions.; In this year's report of the United States Surgeon General on oral health in America, two major themes evolved: 1) oral health means much more than healthy teeth, and 2) oral health is integral to general health. This article describes how oral diseases, in particular periodontal diseases, are associated with other health problems, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, complications of pregnancies, and osteoporosis.
Impact of maternal body mass index and gestational weight gain on pregnancy complications: an individual participant data meta-analysis of European, North American and Australian cohorts.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the separate and combined associations of maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain with the risks of pregnancy complications and their population impact. DESIGN: Individual participant data meta-analysis of 39 cohorts. SETTING: Europe, North America, and Oceania. POPULATION: 265 270 births. METHODS: Information on maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, and pregnancy complications was obtained. Multilevel binary logistic regression models were used. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, small and large for gestational age at birth. RESULTS: Higher maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain were, across their full ranges, associated with higher risks of gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and large for gestational age at birth. Preterm birth risk was higher at lower and higher BMI and weight gain. Compared with normal weight mothers with medium gestational weight gain, obese mothers with high gestational weight gain had the highest risk of any pregnancy complication (odds ratio 2.51, 95% CI 2.31- 2.74). We estimated that 23.9% of any pregnancy complication was attributable to maternal overweight/obesity and 31.6% of large for gestational age infants was attributable to excessive gestational weight gain. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain are, across their full ranges, associated with risks of pregnancy complications. Obese mothers with high gestational weight gain are at the highest risk of pregnancy complications. Promoting a healthy pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight gain may reduce the burden of pregnancy complications and ultimately the risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Promoting a healthy body mass index and gestational weight gain might reduce the population burden of pregnancy complications.
Assisted reproductive technology: what are the cardiovascular risks for women?; INTRODUCTION: Infertility affects 15% of women of reproductive age in the United States. The use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) has been rising globally, as well as a growing recognition of reproductive factors that increase risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). AREAS COVERED: Women with infertility who use ART are more likely to have established CVD risk factors, such as obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and diabetes. They are also more likely to experience adverse pregnancy outcomes, which are associated with both peripartum and long-term cardiovascular complications. ART may lead to increased cardiometabolic demands due to ovarian stimulation, pregnancy itself, and higher rates of multifetal gestation. Preeclampsia risk appears greater with frozen rather than fresh embryo transfers. EXPERT OPINION: The use of ART and its association with long term CVD has not been well-studied. Future prospective and mechanistic studies investigating the association of ART and CVD risk may help determine causality. Nevertheless, CVD risk screening is critical pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy to reduce pregnancy complications that elevate future CVD risk. This also offers a window of opportunity to connect patients to longitudinal care for early management of cardiometabolic risk profile and initiation of preventive lifestyle and pharmacotherapy interventions tailored toward patient-specific risk factors.
Increased cardiovascular risk after pre-eclampsia in women with dysglycaemia.; AIMS: Compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies, women with a history of pre-eclampsia have two to five times the risk of cardiovascular disease. It is not known whether this risk is related to albuminuria, a known cardiovascular risk factor that is part of the definition of pre-eclampsia and that often persists after delivery. Our objective was to determine if the high risk of cardiovascular disease in women with pre-eclampsia is accounted for by known cardiovascular risk factors including albuminuria. METHODS: We performed a cross-sectional analysis of 4080 dysglycaemic women enrolled in a large randomized controlled trial who provided an obstetric history and had at least one delivery. Blood pressure, height, weight, waist circumference and hip circumference were measured. An oral glucose tolerance test, lipids, an electrocardiogram and an albumin/creatinine ratio from a first morning urine sample were obtained. RESULTS: There were 3613 women with no history of pre-eclampsia during their pregnancies, 108 with severe pre-eclampsia and 359 with non-severe pre-eclampsia. Women with a history of severe pre-eclampsia had higher rates of previous cardiovascular disease than women with non-severe pre-eclampsia or women without pre-eclampsia (87, 72 and 72%, P = 0.0019). The high risk of previous cardiovascular disease in women with a history of severe pre-eclampsia (odds ratio 2.67, 95% CI 1.52-4.70) persisted after adjustment for albuminuria (odds ratio 2.74, 95% CI 1.55-4.83) and also after adjusting for other covariates including albuminuria (odds ratio 3.03, 95% CI 1.69-5.44). CONCLUSION: Even after accounting for cardiovascular risk factors including albuminuria, a history of severe pre-eclampsia is independently associated with a threefold higher risk of cardiovascular disease.
Outcome of low birthweight.; Babies who are small at birth and during infancy are now known to be at an increased risk of developing coronary heart disease, hypertension and diabetes during adult life. This has led to the suggestion that these diseases are 'programmed' by an inadequate supply of nutrients or oxygen in utero or immediately after birth. The phenomenon of 'programming', whereby undernutrition in early life permanently changes body structure and function, is well documented in animals. As yet we know little about cellular and molecular changes which underlie it, but persisting changes in the secretion of hormones or in the sensitivity of tissues to them may be important in determining adult disease.
Blastocyst environment and its influence on offspring cardiovascular health: the heart of the matter.; The development of adult-onset diseases such as type II diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease is traditionally attributed to adult lifestyle characteristics such as a lack of physical exercise, poor diet and smoking. However, evidence from both human and animal model studies has demonstrated that environmental factors such as an imbalance or reduction in maternal nutrition during gestation can have adverse effects on offspring metabolism and cardiovascular health. The severity and nature of the phenotypic changes induced in offspring is influenced by the period of gestation manipulated. In particular, the mammalian preimplantation embryo in different animal models displays particular sensitivity to environmental factors, either in vivo (maternal diet) or in vitro (embryo culture) that is associated with the onset of cardiovascular dysfunction in adult life. The detailed mechanisms by which environmental conditions can alter postnatal cardiovascular physiology are poorly understood. However, various factors including endothelial function, vascular responsiveness, the renin-angiotensin system, kidney structure and early postnatal growth dynamics have all been recognize as potential contributors. Here, we review the relationship between preimplantation embryo environment and postnatal cardiovascular disease risk, and consider biochemical, molecular, genetic and physiological pathways implicated in this association.
Pregnancy outcomes among female recipients after liver transplantation: further experience.; INTRODUCTION: Liver transplantations give female recipients an ability to carry pregnancies successfully. However, solid organ transplantations exacerbate the pregnancy including maternal and neonatal outcomes. The aim of our study was to evaluate and identify the obstetric outcomes in women with a prior liver transplantation. METHODS: We analyzed all pregnant woman who had undergone a prior liver transplantation and afterward delivered from 2001 to 2011. Complete data were assessed in 39 deliveries and 40 live births. Three women were pregnant twice after liver transplantation. RESULTS: The mean gestational age at birth measured 37.2±2.2 weeks. The most common obstetric complications were premature labor (12/39,30.8%), hypertension (10/39, 25.6%), and symptomatic urinary tract infections (7/39, 18%). Other complications were pregestational diabetes (n=1), cholestasis (n=3), and of severe anemia treated with blood transfusions (n=2). The mean time from organ transplantation to delivery was 67.6±47.2 months. Acute graft rejections occurred among pregnant women 7.7% (3/39) of studied. Only 8 (20.5%) deliveries were finished vaginally. Infants small for gestational age were diagnosed in 20% (8/40). One case displayed a congenital urinary tract malformation. None of the neonates died neonatally. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies are possible after liver transplantation and likely end with successful maternal and newborn outcomes. Some cases experience an increased risk of obstetric complications. Therefore, posttransplant pregnancies must be regularly monitored with a multidisciplinary approach.
South Asian diets and insulin resistance.; A role of dietary nutrients in relation to insulin resistance has been suggested but conclusive evidence in human beings is lacking. Asian Indians and South Asians are prone to develop insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. In the present paper, data pertaining to nutrient intake, insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk factors in Asian Indians and South Asians have been reviewed. In these populations, several dietary imbalances have been reported: low intake of MUFA, n-3 PUFA and fibre, and high intake of fats, saturated fats, carbohydrates and trans-fatty acids (mostly related to the widespread use of Vanaspati, a hydrogenated oil). Some data suggest that these nutrient imbalances are associated with insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia and subclinical inflammation in South Asians. Specifically, in children and young individuals, a high intake of n-6 PUFA is correlated with fasting hyperinsulinaemia, and in adults, high-carbohydrate meal consumption was reported to cause hyperinsulinaemia, postprandial hyperglycaemia and hypertriacylglycerolaemia. Dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFA leads to an improved lipid profile but not insulin sensitivity. Inadequate maternal nutrition in pregnancy, low birth weight and childhood 'catch-up' obesity may be important for the development of the metabolic syndrome and diabetes. Even in rural populations, who usually consume traditional frugal diets, there is an increasing prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and the metabolic syndrome due to changes in diets and lifestyle. Nationwide community intervention programmes aimed at creating awareness about the consequences of unhealthy food choices and replacing them by healthy food choices are urgently needed in urban and rural populations in India, other countries in South Asia and in migrant South Asians.
Antepartum treatment without early cordocentesis for standard-risk alloimmune thrombocytopenia: a randomized controlled trial.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of two antenatal treatment regimens designed to optimally protect fetuses against intracranial hemorrhage resulting from alloimmune thrombocytopenia while minimizing the risks associated with fetal blood sampling. The study was limited to "standard-risk" patients, who were defined as women with documented alloimmune thrombocytopenia who had not delivered an infant with an intracranial hemorrhage in a prior pregnancy. METHODS: In this prospective multicenter study of 73 women with documented alloimmune thrombocytopenia, patients were randomized to receive either intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) 2 g/kg/wk (group A) or IVIG 1 g/kg/wk plus prednisone 0.5 mg/kg/d (group B), starting at approximately 20 weeks of gestation. Fetal blood sampling was performed at approximately 32 weeks of gestation, and those with fetal platelet counts less than 30,000/mL(3) were given salvage therapy. RESULTS: There were two intracranial hemorrhages; neither was due to treatment failure. The average platelet counts at the time of fetal blood sampling were 121,600/mL(3) and 116,100/mL(3), and the average birth platelet counts were 169,400/mL(3) and 134,000/mL(3) for groups A and B, respectively. Twenty-seven percent of patients in group A and 17% in group B received salvage therapy, and only one neonate in each of these subsets had a birth platelet count less than 30,000/mL(3). There were four complications after 79 fetal blood sampling procedures, leading to cesarean deliveries between 32 and 37 weeks. There was a higher incidence of gestational diabetes and a tendency to more fluid retention, mood swings, insomnia, and jitteriness in patients on prednisone and of moderate-to-severe fatigue in those on high-dose IVIG alone. CONCLUSION: The outcomes of both treatment groups were excellent and comparable. Early cordocentesis is not necessary when treating alloimmune thrombocytopenia in patients who have not delivered an infant with an intracranial hemorrhage in a prior pregnancy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00194987 LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: I.
Postpartum physiology, psychology and paediatric follow up study (P4 Study) - Study protocol.; BACKGROUND: Women who have had hypertension in pregnancy are at greater risk of long term cardiovascular disease (CVD). Little is known about their cardiovascular risk postpartum or the effects on the woman's mental health and the outcomes of their infants. In this project we will study the physiological and psychological health of women and the physical health and development of their infants six months, two years and five years after birth. We will establish normal blood pressure (BP) and metabolic function for women who were normotensive in pregnancy and use these to assess women who had gestational hypertension (GH) or preeclampsia (PE). DESIGN/METHODS: Women will be asked to participate if they have given birth in the preceding six months. They will be excluded if they had diabetes, hypertension, renal or other serious maternal disease prior to pregnancy or congenital anomaly in the pregnancy. We will recruit 292 women who were normotensive and their babies, 100 who had GH and 100 who had PE and their babies. They will be assessed at six months, two and five years after birth. At each assessment mothers will have their blood pressure (BP) assessed peripherally with a liquid crystal sphygmomanometer and 24h ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM), and centrally with non-invasive applanation tonometry. Additional physiological testing will include: body composition; energy balance; vascular compliance; cardiac function; liver and renal function, lipids and biochemistry; glucose and insulin; and urinalysis. Psychological status will be assessed with validated self-report questionnaires for depression, anxiety, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and mother-infant bonding. The babies will have a medical examination by a paediatrician at each assessment. Their behavioural development will be assessed with an Ages and Stages Questionnaire completed by their mother at each assessment and a developmental assessment by a child psychologist at two and five years. CONCLUSIONS: This study will re-define normal BP and other physiological parameters for young parous women thereby permitting a more sensitive assessment of post-partum BP and other cardiovascular risk markers in women who have had GH or PE. It will also determine the extent, if any, of psychological disorders in these women and developmental or other concerns in their babies. TRIALS REGISTRATION: Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry Number: ACTRN12613001260718.
Catch up growth in low birth weight infants: striking a healthy balance.; Catch-up growth in the first few months of life is seen almost ubiquitously in infants born small for their gestational age and conventionally considered highly desirable as it erases the growth deficit. However, recently such growth has been linked to an increased risk of later adiposity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease in both low income and high-income countries. In India, a third of all babies are born with a low birth weight, but the optimal growth pattern for such infants is uncertain. As a response to the high rates of infectious morbidities, undernutrition and stunting in children, the current policy is to promote rapid growth in infancy. However, with socio-economic transition and urbanization making the Indian environment more obesogenic, and the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, affecting progressively younger population, the long term adverse programming effect of fast/excessive weight gain in infancy on later body composition and metabolism may outweigh short-term benefits. This review discusses the above issues focusing on the need to strike a healthy balance between the risks and benefits of catch-up growth in Indian infants.
Update: Complications and care related to pregnancy, labor and delivery, active component, U.S. Armed Forces, 2001-2010.; Diagnoses of "complications of pregnancy, childbirth, and the puerperium" (ICD-9-CM: 630-679) include both morbid complications and indications for routine care of pregnant women. During 2001-2010, U.S. service members with live births (n=156,314) had 1.16 million medical encounters with primary diagnoses of "pregnancy complications". The most frequent diagnoses were "other current conditions", "other threatened labor" (e.g., false labor), "previous cesarean delivery" and "normal delivery". The number of complication-related medical encounters per pregnancy more than doubled during 2001-2010. Diagnoses of gestational diabetes, previous cesarean delivery and advanced maternal age contributed to the largest increases in pregnancy-related medical encounters during the period. The complications that accounted for the largest increases in the percents of pregnancies affected by them were urinary tract infections, fetal heart rate/rhythm abnormalities and back pain in pregnancy.
Guidelines for in vivo models of developmental programming of cardiovascular disease risk.; Research using animals depends on the generation of offspring for use in experiments or for the maintenance of animal colonies. Although not considered by all, several different factors preceding and during pregnancy, as well as during lactation, can program various characteristics in the offspring. Here, we present the most common models of developmental programming of cardiovascular outcomes, important considerations for study design, and provide guidelines for producing and reporting rigorous and reproducible cardiovascular studies in offspring exposed to normal conditions or developmental insult. These guidelines provide considerations for the selection of the appropriate animal model and factors that should be reported to increase rigor and reproducibility while ensuring transparent reporting of methods and results.
Current and emerging diagnostic and management approaches for idiopathic intracranial hypertension.; INTRODUCTION: Idiopathic intracranial hypertension is characterized by raised intracranial pressure that triggers disabling headaches and can cause permanent visual loss. There is an increased incidence and prevalence of the condition linked to location-specific obesity rates. There are no licensed treatments for the condition. The majority of approaches to managing the disease prioritize resolution of papilledema. However, evidence is emerging that idiopathic intracranial hypertension is a systemic metabolic disease. AREAS COVERED: The aim of this review is to present the emerging pathophysiology evidence which is leading to novel targeted therapeutics. The diagnostic pathway is outlined. The current and potential management approaches for idiopathic intracranial hypertension are also discussed. EXPERT OPINION: Idiopathic intracranial hypertension is a condition with metabolic dysregulation with systemic manifestations that are present over and above what can be expl.ained by obesity alone. While most of the current management of this condition focuses on the eyes, future management needs to address the disabling headaches and the systemic risks of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and major cardiovascular events.
Risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes in older pregnant women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: To assess the independent risk factors and pregnancy outcomes of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) in Chinese advanced age pregnancy women. DESIGN: Secondary analysis of international published data. MATERIALS AND METHODS: PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, Embase, Cochrane library, and Chinese databases from inception to February 23, 2022 were searched to identify eligible studies. Meta-analysis was conducted to provide meaningful summative outcomes. The quality evaluation of included study was performed. The analyses were done with Review Manager 5.3 and Stata 14.0 software. RESULTS: Totally, 13 eligible articles were included, among which 3 articles investigated the risk factors, 6 articles studied pregnancy outcomes, and 4 articles examined both risk factors and pregnancy outcomes. Chinese older pregnant women with the HDPs had high pooled incidences of abnormal body mass index, maternal education, family history of hypertension, history of chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes, irregular delivery inspection, psychosocial factors, and primiparity compared to those without HDPs. The incidence of cesarean delivery, placental abruption, premature rupture of membranes, postpartum hemorrhage, preterm birth, fetal asphyxia, fetal distress, fetal growth restriction, and low birth weight in Chinese older pregnant women with HPDs were significantly higher than those without HDPs. CONCLUSION: This study identified several possible risk factors which promoted the onset of HDPs in Chinese older pregnant women, and HDPs significantly increases risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Further research is needed to take targeted measures to prevent HDPs and explore efficient management methods to minimize the risk of APOs associated with HDPs in Chinese older pregnant women.
Intrauterine devices: an effective alternative to oral hormonal contraception.; (1) Intrauterine devices (IUDs) are placed in the uterine cavity with the objective of providing long-term contraception, mainly by preventing fertilisation. The best-known IUDs contain copper, but there is also an IUD delivering levonorgestrel, a progestin; (2) How effective are these devices, and what are their adverse effects? To answer these questions, we analysed the literature using the standard Prescrire methodology; (3) T-shaped copper IUDs, with a copper surface area of 380 mm2 on 3 arms, and the levonorgestrel-releasing device, have similar contraceptive efficacy as combined oral contraceptives that are used correctly. In contrast, IUDs are more effective than oral contraception used incorrectly; (4) Among IUD users, there are on average about 6 pregnancies per 1000 woman-years. There is less experience with the levonorgestrel IUD which seems to be at least as effective as copper IUDs; (5) The rare intrauterine pregnancies that occur in women using an IUD generally end in miscarriage. About 25% of these pregnancies end in a live birth if the device is left in place, compared to about 90% if the device is removed; (6) Ectopic pregnancies are rarer in IUD users than in women who do not use contraception. However, about one in 20 pregnancies that occur in women using an IUD is ectopic; (7) The IUD is expelled in about 5% to 10% of cases within 5 years, and expulsion recurs in about 30% of these women; (8) Problems such as difficult insertion, pain, bleeding and syncope are reported in less than 1.5% of cases overall; (9) Uterine perforation during insertion is rare, occurring in 0.6 to 16 cases per 1000 insertions, regardless of the type of IUD. The risk of perforation is higher when the IUD is inserted less than 4 to 6 weeks after delivery or elective abortion; (10) During the first 3 months after insertion, the risk of pelvic infection is slightly higher than in the general population, especially in women with pre-existing asymptomatic Chlamydia trachomatis infection. There are about 6 pelvic infections per 1000 woman-years of IUD use. Routine antibiotic prophylaxis is unnecessary. The interview and physical examination may lead to diagnosis of C. trachomatis infection or other sexually transmitted infections. In these cases, treatment may be needed before IUD insertion. Women must be warned that IUDs do not protect them from sexually transmitted diseases; (11) Menstrual bleeding is often heavier in women with cooper IUDs than in women who do not use IUDs, and may be associated with menstrual pain; (12) The levonorgestrel IUD is associated with a marked reduction in menstrual blood loss and irregular bleeding; amenorrhoea occurs in 35% of women after 2 years of use. The levonorgestrel IUD also has hormonal adverse effects such as headache, acne, breast tension and functional ovarian cysts; (13) IUDs can safely be used in breastfeeding women, immediately after a pregnancy, in cases of diabetes or HIV infection, during nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drug therapy, and after an ectopic pregnancy. The only problems occurring in women who have never had children are pain during insertion and more frequent expulsions; (14) A copper IUD is a first-line contraceptive method for women with a history of deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, or coronary events; (15) It is better to postpone IUD insertion when the woman has a genital tract infection or unexplained vaginal bleeding; (16) IUD insertion is an effective alternative to "morning-after" hormonal contraception.
Amniotic fluid and placental membranes: unexpected sources of highly multipotent cells.; Gestational tissue such as the placenta, placental membranes, and amniotic fluid are usually discarded following birth. Recently, researchers have identified gestational tissue as an untapped source of stem cells that are highly multipotent and possess potent immunosuppressive properties. Placental mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), human amnion epithelial cells (hAECs), and amniotic fluid-derived stem cells (AFSCs) have been shown to differentiate into various cell types including adipogenic, osteogenic, myogenic, endothelial, pulmonary, neurogenic, hepatogenic, cardiac, and pancreatic lineages. Their immunomodulatory properties suggest that gestational stem cells may have an important application in the treatment of various inflammatory diseases such as graft versus host and autoimmune diseases. In clinical and preclinical studies, gestational stem cells have shown efficacy in the treatment of Crohn disease, lung disease, diabetes, repair of bone defects, heart disease, kidney disease, neural degeneration, and blood disorders. Stem cells derived from the placenta, placental membranes, and amniotic fluid are a valuable resource for the field of regenerative medicine.
Association of isolated polyhydramnios at or beyond 34 weeks of gestation and pregnancy outcome.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate pregnancy outcome among women with isolated polyhydramnios at admission for labor at or beyond 34 weeks of gestation. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study at a tertiary medical center between 2007 and 2012. Isolated polyhydramnios was defined as amniotic fluid index (AFI) greater than 25 cm at admission in the absence of gestational or pregestational diabetes mellitus or fetal structural or chromosomal anomalies. Women with isolated polyhydramnios were compared with women with a normal AFI (5-25 cm). RESULTS: Overall, 31,376 women were eligible for analysis, of whom 215 (0.7%) had isolated polyhydramnios and 31,161 normal AFI. Women with isolated polyhydramnios had higher rates of labor induction (7.9% compared with 4.8%, P=.04) and cesarean delivery (12.1% compared with 5.1%, P<.001). They also had higher rates of placental abruption (0.9% compared with 0.2%, P=.02), abnormal or intermediate fetal heart rate (FHR) tracings (7.0% compared with 3.2%, P=.002), and prolonged first stage of delivery (6.0% compared with 1.4%, P<.001). Isolated polyhydramnios was also associated with higher rates of shoulder dystocia (1.9% compared with 0.3%, P<.001) and respiratory distress syndrome (0.5% compared with 0.03%, P=.001). On a multiple logistic regression model, isolated polyhydramnios was an independent risk factor for labor induction (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.7, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.01-2.8), cesarean delivery (adjusted OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.7-4.0), prolonged first stage of delivery (adjusted OR 3.6, 95% CI 1.97-6.7), abnormal or intermediate FHR tracings (adjusted OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.6-4.5), placental abruption (adjusted OR 8.4, 95% CI 2.00-35.4), shoulder dystocia (adjusted OR 3.4, 95% CI 1.2-9.7), and respiratory distress syndrome (adjusted OR 38.9, 95% CI 4.6-332.6). Mild isolated polyhydramnios (AFI 25.1-30.0) was independently associated with cesarean delivery, prolonged first stage of delivery, placental abruption, abnormal or intermediate FHR tracings, and shoulder dystocia. CONCLUSION: Isolated polyhydramnios at admission for labor at or beyond 34 weeks of gestation is associated with adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes.
The 2001 Canadian recommendations for the management of hypertension: Part one--Assessment for diagnosis, cardiovascular risk, causes and lifestyle modification.; OBJECTIVE: To provide updated, evidence-based recommendations for the assessment of the diagnosis, cardiovascular risk, identifiable causes and lifestyle modifications for adults with high blood pressure. OPTIONS: For persons in whom a high blood pressure value is recorded, hypertension is diagnosed based on the appropriate measurement of blood pressure, the level of the blood pressure elevation and the duration of follow-up. In addition, the presence of concomitant vascular risk factors, target organ damage and established atherosclerotic diseases must be assessed to determine the urgency, intensity and type of treatment. For persons receiving a diagnosis of hypertension, defining the overall risk of adverse cardiovascular outcomes requires an assessment of concomitant vascular risk factors, including laboratory testing, a search for target organ damage and an assessment for modifiable causes of hypertension. Home and ambulatory blood pressure assessment and echocardiography are options for selected patients. OUTCOMES: The outcomes were: the identification of persons at increased risk of adverse cardiovascular outcomes; the quantification of overall cardiovascular risk; and the identification of persons with potentially modifiable causes of hypertension. EVIDENCE: Medline searches were conducted from one year before the period of the last revision of the Canadian recommendations for the management of hypertension (May 1999 to May 2001). Reference lists were scanned, experts were polled, and the personal files of the subgroup members and authors were used to identify other studies. Identified articles were reviewed and appraised, using prespecified levels of evidence, by content experts and methodological experts. In addition to an update of the previous year's review, new sections on assessing overall cardiovascular risk and endocrine causes are provided. VALUES: A high value was placed on the identification of persons at increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, and of persons with identifiable causes of hypertension. BENEFITS, HARMS AND COSTS: The identification of persons at higher risk of cardiovascular disease will permit counseling for lifestyle manoeuvres and introduction of antihypertensive drugs to reduce blood pressure for patients with sustained hypertension. The identification of specific causes of hypertension may permit the use of cause-specific interventions. In certain subgroups of patients, and for specific classes of drugs, blood pressure lowering has been associated with reduced cardiovascular morbidity or mortality. RECOMMENDATIONS: The present document contains recommendations for the assessment of the diagnosis, cardiovascular risk, identifiable causes and lifestyle modifications for adults with high blood pressure. These include the accurate measurement of blood pressure, criteria for the diagnosis of hypertension and recommendations for follow-up, assessment of overall cardiovascular risk, routine and optional laboratory testing, assessment for renovascular and endocrine causes, home and ambulatory blood pressure monitoring, the role of echocardiography and lifestyle modifications. VALIDATION: All recommendations were graded according to the strength of the evidence and voted on by the Canadian Hypertension Recommendations Working Group. Only those recommendations achieving high levels of consensus are reported. These guidelines will be updated annually. ENDORSEMENT: These guidelines are endorsed by the Canadian Hypertension Society, The Canadian Coalition for High Blood Pressure Prevention and Control, The College of Family Physicians of Canada, The Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada, The Adult Disease Division and Bureau of Cardio-Respiratory Diseases and Diabetes at the Centre for Chronic Disease Prevention and Control, Health Canada.
A review of the serotonin transporter and prenatal cortisol in the development of autism spectrum disorders.; The diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) during early childhood has a profound effect not only on young children but on their families. Aside from the physical and behavioural issues that need to be dealt with, there are significant emotional and financial costs associated with living with someone diagnosed with ASD. Understanding how autism occurs will assist in preparing families to deal with ASD, if not preventing or lessening its occurrence.Serotonin plays a vital role in the development of the brain during the prenatal and postnatal periods, yet very little is known about the serotonergic systems that affect children with ASD. This review seeks to provide an understanding of the biochemistry and physiological actions of serotonin and its termination of action through the serotonin reuptake transporter (SERT). Epidemiological studies investigating prenatal conditions that can increase the risk of ASD describe a number of factors which elevate plasma cortisol levels causing such symptoms during pregnancy such as hypertension, gestational diabetes and depression. Because cortisol plays an important role in driving dysregulation of serotonergic signalling through elevating SERT production in the developing brain, it is also necessary to investigate the physiological functions of cortisol, its action during gestation and metabolic syndromes.
Pituitary apoplexy presenting during pregnancy.; Pituitary apoplexy during pregnancy is a rare but serious event with significant morbidity and even possible mortality if not recognised in time. A 26-year-old woman was admitted with sudden onset of severe headache, vomiting, disturbed consciousness and photophobia. MRI showed a pituitary apoplexy. Adrenal insufficiency with circulatory shock was present together with deficiency of the other hormones produced by the adenohypophysis. After treatment with glucocorticoids, diabetes insipidus developed for which treatment was given. She was treated conservatively and the clinical picture improved in a few days, followed by an uneventful pregnancy and delivery. A second MRI showed regression of mass effect with tumour expanding into the left cavernous sinus. No signs of tumour progression or abnormal hormone secretion have occurred up to one year after the event. Complete pituitary insufficiency has remained. The literature on the subject is reviewed with special emphasis on the circumstances in which pituitary apoplexy occurred and on the treatment of this endocrine emergency. In conclusion, pituitary apoplexy is a rare complication of pregnancy. The severe consequences of missing the diagnosis underline the importance of this potentially lethal endocrine emergency.
[Prevention of preterm birth complications by antenatal corticosteroid administration].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate short- and long-term benefits and risks associated with antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids and the related strategies: multiple and rescue courses. METHODS: The PubMed database, the Cochrane Library and the recommendations from the French and foreign obstetrical societies or colleges have been consulted. RESULTS: Antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids before 34 weeks of gestation is associated in the neonatal period with a significant reduction of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and death (LE1), and in possibly childhood with a reduction of cerebral palsy and increased psychomotor development index and intact survival (LE3). However, this treatment is associated with alterations of the HPA axis response persisting until 8 weeks after birth (LE2) and possibly with insulin resistance in adulthood (LE3). Antenatal corticosteroid administration after 34 weeks is associated, with high number needed to treat, with reduced respiratory morbidity (LE2), with no significant effect on neurological (LE2) or digestive (LE2) morbidities. Because of a very favourable benefit/risk balance, antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids is recommended for women at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks (grade A). The minimum gestational age for treatment will depend on the threshold chosen to start neonatal intensive care in maternity units and perinatal networks (Professional consensus). After 34 weeks, evidences are not consistent enough to recommend systematic antenatal corticosteroid treatment (grade B), however, a course might be indicated in the clinical situations associated with the higher risk of "severe" RDS, mainly in case of planned cesarean delivery (gradeC). In case of imminent preterm birth, pre-empting the second betamethasone injection is not recommended (gradeC), because this policy might be associated with increased rates of NEC (LE3). Repeated antenatal corticosteroid administration is associated in the neonatal period with respiratory benefits (LE1) but decreased birth weight (LE1) and, in childhood, with possible neurological impairment (LE2). Therefore, this strategy is not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are only associated with neonatal respiratory benefits (LE2). Because of the possible adverse effects associated with this strategy when delivery occurs during the 24hours following the first injection and because of the doubts raised by repeated courses, rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus). It is not possible to recommend one corticosteroid (betamethasone or dexamethasone) over another (Professional consensus). In case of contraindication for the intramuscular (IM) route, the intravenous route might be proposed (Professional consensus). The oral route is not recommended (grade A) because of increased rates of IVH and neonatal sepsis in comparison with the IM route (LE1). Either betamethasone as 2 injections of 12mg 24hours apart or dexamethasone as 4 injections of 6mg 12hours apart is recommended (grade A). Antenatal corticosteroid-induced alterations of fetal heart rate and movements should be recognized by the care providers of women at risk of preterm birth to avoid unjustified decision of labor induction or cesarean (Professional consensus). Gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes are not contraindication to antenatal corticosteroid therapy (Professional consensus). However, caution should be exercised in women with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes (Professional consensus). The apprehension to provoke maternal or neonatal infection should not delay antenatal corticosteroid administration even in case of preterm premature rupture of membranes (grade A). CONCLUSION: Antenatal corticosteroid administration is recommended to every woman at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks of gestation (grade A). Repeated courses of antenatal corticosteroids are not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus).
Continuous Glucose Monitoring Linked to an Artificial Intelligence Risk Index: Early Footprints of Intraventricular Hemorrhage in Preterm Neonates.; OBJECTIVE: To develop and validate a new risk score for intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) in preterm neonates based on continuous glucose monitoring (CGM). STUDY DESIGN: We retrospectively analyzed CGM traces obtained from 50 very preterm neonates, grouped into two sub-cohorts started on CGM within 12 and 48 h of birth, respectively. A CGM linked to an Artificial Intelligence Risk (CLAIR) index was developed to quantify glucose variability during the first 72 h of life in neonates with and without IVH. Brain-US was performed at least twice a day for the first 5 days of birth. An integrated remote monitoring platform was developed to capture major clinical events in real time and gather data for the risk index. The new score performance was further compared with other measures of glucose variability (coefficient of variation [CV] and standard deviation [SD]) and with a clinical risk index for babies II (CRIB-II) as a predictor of IVH event. The two cohorts were analyzed separately for internal validation of the method. RESULTS: The primary cohort consisted of 26 neonates (gestational age 30 [28, 31] weeks; BW1275 g[1090, 1750]). Controls (n = 23) exhibited higher CLAIR index than cases (P = 0.004). A cut-off of 0.69 for the new CLAIR index allowed a 100% sensitivity and an 83% specificity for IVH prediction. The CLAIR index was the sole significant predictor for IVH (P = 0.003) when compared with clinical variables, CV, SD, and CRIB-II. In a subgroup analysis in very low-birth-weight infants, the CLAIR index was the sole variable significantly associated with IVH (P = 0.009). Analysis on the secondary cohort (five cases and 16 controls) confirmed a higher CLAIR index in the controls (P = 0.008), in the absence of a difference for CV, SD, and CRIB-II between the two groups. CONCLUSION: CGM, combined with the AI-algorithm, provides a high-sensitivity index for risk detection of IVH that reflects the glycemic impairment preceding IVH.
Hypermagnesemia and feeding intolerance in preterm infants: A cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Feeding intolerance (FI) is a common clinical problem in preterm infants often caused by some neonatal disorders and drugs, including antenatal exposure to magnesium sulfate (MgSO(4) ). OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between hypermagnesemia at birth and FI in preterm infants during the first 72 h of life. METHOD: This was a cohort study conducted with preterm infants aged <34 weeks' gestation. Infants presenting at least two of the following signs were considered as having FI: vomiting, abdominal distension, the need for continuous intermittent feeding, and delayed meconium passage. Hypermagnesemia was characterized by umbilical serum Mg levels > 2.5 mEq/L. RESULTS: A total 251 infants were evaluated. The median birth weight and gestational age were 1390 g (IQR, 1020-1070) and 31 weeks (IQR, 28-32). The FI rate was 17.5%. The exposure rate to MgSO(4) was similar in the tolerant and intolerant groups (53.1% × 63.6%; P = 0.204), but hypermagnesemia was more frequent in the FI group (40.9% × 24.2%; P = 0.024). The univariate analysis showed that infants with hypermagnesemia were twofold more likely to present FI (odds ratio [OR], 2.16; 95% CI, 1.09-4.26). In the multiple logistic regression analysis, we found that hypermagnesemia was independently associated with FI (OR, 2.51; 95% CI, 1.06-5.91), as well as maternal diabetes mellitus (OR, 2.56; 95% CI, 1.07-6.14), Score for Neonatal Acute Physiology-Perinatal Extension II (OR, 1.051; 95% CI, 1.025-1.078), and brain hemorrhage (OR, 3.61; 95% CI, 1.31-9.91). CONCLUSION: In addition to other factors, hypermagnesemia at birth was independently associated with early FI in preterm infants.
[Norplant contraception at the Rabta Tunis maternity hospital].; 612 women had the benefit of contraceptive implants in the Maternity Hospital of La Rabta in Tunis over a period of 5 years (1988-1992). This study aimed at analysing the tolerance of this method by studying a group of 508 normal women and 104 women at risk (58 women were heart-diseased, 22 nursing, 13 diabetic, 11 hypertensive). The typical woman in this group is thirty years old, having 3 children, and weighing 61 kg. The implants were most of the cases withdrawn because of problems related to the menstrual cycle that were observed in 37% of the cases, equally distributed among both groups of the series. Contraceptive implants failed in 1.79% of the cases.
Norepinephrine for the prevention of spinal-induced hypotension during caesarean delivery under combined spinal-epidural anaesthesia: Randomised, double-blind, dose-finding study.; BACKGROUND: During caesarean delivery under spinal anaesthesia hypotension may be managed by norepinephrine in preference to phenylephrine due a perception of less bradycardia and fewer reductions in cardiac output. OBJECTIVE: As the optimum prophylactic dose of norepinephrine is unclear, we aimed to investigate its dose-response for preventing postspinal hypotension in caesarean delivery. DESIGN: A randomised, double-blinded, dose-finding study. SETTING: Jiaxing University affiliated Women and Children Hospital, Jiaxing, China. PATIENTS: Ninety-nine patients undergoing elective caesarean delivery from 1 February to 5 August: excluding patients with ASA III or above, preeclampsia or hypertension, pre-existing or gestational diabetes, BMI more than 35 kg m, height less than 150 cm or with more than 175 cm, or with contraindications to local anaesthesia. INTERVENTIONS: Patients received 0, 0.04, 0.05, 0.06 or 0.07 μg kg min preventive norepinephrine infusions immediately after intrathecal injection of 10 mg bupivacaine with 5 μg sufentanil. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The norepinephrine (Median effective dose) or (95% effective dose) ED50 and ED95, which were estimated using Probit analysis to compare haemodynamic changes associated with the different doses. RESULTS: The incidence of hypotension was 70, 47.4, 40, 20 and 15% in the 0, 0.04, 0.05, 0.06 and 0.07 μg kg min groups, respectively. The ED50, ED80 and ED95 values were 0.029 (95% CI 0.008 to 0.042 μg kg min), 0.068 (95% CI 0.055 to 0.099 μg kg min) and 0.105 μg kg min (95% CI 0.082 to 0.172 μg kg min), respectively. Apgar scores or umbilical arterial pH were similar among groups. CONCLUSION: The ED50, ED80 and ED95 were 0.029, 0.068 and 0.105 μg kg min respectively. A 0.07 μg kg min norepinephrine infusion may be optimum for preventing postspinal hypotension after intrathecal injection of 10 mg bupivacaine combined with 5 μg sufentanil. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (identifier: ChiCTR-TRC-1800014614).
Polycystic ovary syndrome: associations with cardiovascular disease.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), characterized by abnormal menstrual periods, elevated androgen levels and polycystic ovary morphology on ultrasound, is the most common endocrine disorder among females. PCOS is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors including diabetes, obesity, metabolic syndrome, adverse pregnancy outcomes such as pre-eclampsia and psychosocial distress including depression. Previous evidence on the association between PCOS and CVD is inconclusive but the latest 2023 International Evidence-Based PCOS Guideline identifies PCOS as a risk factor for CVD. This review will discuss the relationship between PCOS and CVD along with current direction for CVD screening and prevention among individuals with PCOS.
Metformin and its clinical use: new insights for an old drug in clinical practice.; Metformin is generally recommended as first-line treatment in type 2 diabetes, especially in overweight patients, but in recent years new indications for its use have emerged. Metformin has been found to be safe and efficacious both as monotherapy and in combination with all oral antidiabetic agents and insulins. If metformin use during pregnancy and the lactation period is supported by few data, it could be indicated for women with polycystic ovary syndrome, since it could diminish circulating androgens and insulin resistance, thus ameliorating the ovulation rate. Metformin seems to reduce cancer risk, which appears to be increased in diabetics, and is a promising agent for oncoprevention and chemotherapy combinations. Moreover, metformin could find a place in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Lactic acidosis could be decreased by avoiding metformin use in patients with hypovolemia, sepsis, renal impairment, hypoxic respiratory diseases and heart failure, in the preoperative period and before intravenous injection of contrast media.
Reproductive health in women with type 2 diabetes mellitus.; As type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) reaches epidemic proportions in the developed world and the age at diagnosis decreases, more women of reproductive age are being affected. In this article, we provide a synoptic view on potential mechanisms and relevant factors underlying menstrual cycle disorders and fertility issues in women with T2DM. The article discusses the function of the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian (HPO) axis, the central role of the hypothalamus in the homeostasis of this system, the central modulators of the axis, and the peripheral metabolic signals involved in neuroendocrine control of reproduction. The available literature on the relationship between T2DM and the female reproductive lifespan, menstrual cycle disorders, fertility issues, and gestational health in women with T2DM are also discussed. The data so far indicate that there is a "U-shaped" relationship between menarche, menopause, and T2DM, both early and late menarche/menopause being risk factors for T2DM. Hyperglycemia and its consequences may be responsible for the effects of T2DM on reproductive health in women, but the exact mechanisms are not as yet fully understood; thus, more studies are needed in order to identify factors causing disruption of the HPO axis.
Grandmultiparas in modern obstetrics.; The objective of this study was to compare incidence of antenatal and intrapartum complications among women who had previously delivered five or more times (grandmultiparas cases, 155) with that of age-matched women with two to three previous deliveries (multiparas controls, 155) from 1998 to 2003. Grandmultiparity was associated with a low socioeconomic status, higher incidence of smoking, and a higher body mass index. Grandmultiparas had approximately 2-fold increased risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, malpresentation, and preterm delivery, and a 3-fold increased risk of abruption; none reached statistical significance. No significant differences were found in antepartum hemorrhage, anemia, postdatism, polyhydramnios, or placenta previa. Intrapartum complications (labor induction, nonreassuring fetal heart, primary cesarean delivery, and intrapartum fever) were similar; however, operative vaginal delivery was significantly lower in grandmultiparas cases. Both groups were similar regarding birthweight, macrosomia, intrauterine growth restriction, Apgar scores, and stillbirth rates. Our study shows a trend toward an increased risk of adverse obstetrical outcome in grandmultiparas compared with multiparas independent of maternal age.
Applications of continuous glucose monitoring across settings and populations: Report from the 23rd Hong Kong diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors-East meets west symposium.; Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) is now an integral part of glycaemic management in people with type 1 diabetes and those with insulin-treated type 2 diabetes. Immediate access to information on CGM glucose levels and trends helps to inform food choices, titration and timing of insulin doses and prompts corrective actions in the event of impending hypo- or hyperglycaemia. Although glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) remains an important measure of the average of glucose, CGM metrics including time-in-range (TIR) and other metrics on glycaemic variability and hypoglycaemia are strongly endorsed by people with diabetes as impacting their daily lives. There is growing consensus on definitions and targets of CGM metrics with an increasing number of studies demonstrating correlations between CGM metrics and incident complications of diabetes. Implementation of new technologies needs to take into consideration factors such as cost-effectiveness, accessibility as well as acceptability of the person with diabetes and healthcare professional. The United Kingdom is one of the few countries that have developed clinical pathways for integrating CGM into the routine care of people with type 1 diabetes. Besides type 1 diabetes, special groups such as people with impaired kidney function and women during pregnancy may derive additional benefits from CGM.
Impact of Maternal Diet on the Epigenome during In Utero Life and the Developmental Programming of Diseases in Childhood and Adulthood.; Exposure to environmental factors in early life can influence developmental processes and long-term health in humans. Early life nutrition and maternal diet are well-known examples of conditions shown to influence the risk of developing metabolic diseases, including type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases, in adulthood. It is increasingly accepted that environmental compounds, including nutrients, can produce changes in the genome activity that, in spite of not altering the DNA sequence, can produce important, stable and, in some instances, transgenerational alterations in the phenotype. Epigenetics refers to changes in gene function that cannot be explained by changes in the DNA sequence, with DNA methylation patterns/histone modifications that can make important contributions to epigenetic memory. The epigenome can be considered as an interface between the genome and the environment that is central to the generation of phenotypes and their stability throughout the life course. To better understand the role of maternal health and nutrition in the initiation and progression of diseases in childhood and adulthood, it is necessary to identify the physiological and/or pathological roles of specific nutrients on the epigenome and how dietary interventions in utero and early life could modulate disease risk through epigenomic alteration.
Knowledge, attitudes, and practice behavior of dental hygienists regarding the impact of systemic diseases on oral health.; To assess the knowledge levels of dental hygienists in Saudi Arabia regarding the association between systemic and oral disease in addition to evaluating their attitude about integrating this knowledge into clinical practice. Methods: This was a cross-sectional survey using a questionnaire of 102 items among 192 randomly selected dental hygienists practicing in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia by individual interview. The research tool was pilot tested among 12 dental hygienists (8 females and 4 males) to obtain feedback about clarity and objectivity. Results: The response rate was 83%, and the majority of respondents were female (77.5%). The respondents' knowledge about the risk factors of cardiovascular diseases was better than other conditions. The level of education was considered to be a significant predictor in many items related to risk factors. More than the half, rated the evidence linking periodontal disease and diabetes mellitus as strong; however, the knowledge level of oral-systemic evidence was less than expected. A high percentage of the respondents were confident and comfortable managing patients with systemic conditions. Most agreed that dental hygienists must be prepared efficiently to manage medically compromised patients. Conclusion: Dental hygienists in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia have low level of knowledge about the oral-systemic disease relationship. This study suggests that greater emphasis should be placed on this association in current and continuing education programs.
Sleep-disordered breathing and pregnancy.; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) refers to a group of disorders characterized by abnormal respiratory patterns or abnormal gas exchange during sleep. The most common type of SDB, especially among young obese women, is obstructive sleep apnea. SDB has clearly been linked to poor sleep and impaired daytime function, but there are also data linking SDB to other health outcomes, principally cardiovascular and metabolic disease. SDB symptoms are common in pregnancy, and pregnancy itself has been associated with an increase in the prevalence of SDB symptoms. Although a link between SDB and adverse pregnancy outcomes appears to be biologically plausible, data exploring this relationship are only now emerging, and large prospective studies in which the authors use objective measures of sleep are lacking. Until we know more about the epidemiology and the impact of SDB in pregnancy, screening efforts for SDB in pregnancy should be focused on identifying very symptomatic patients because treatment of these individuals often leads to improved sleep quality and daytime functioning.
Report from a large and comprehensive single-center Women's Health Cardiology Clinic.; OBJECTIVE: This article describes the women population and work at a unique Women's Health Cardiology Clinic in order to raise cardiovascular disease awareness with an emphasis on women-specific risk factors, and thus to improve women's clinical outcomes. This expectantly will aid in opening similar centers allowing more women to get superior care. METHODS: Electronic medical records of women referred to the Women's Health Cardiology Clinic were analyzed. The statistical analysis is descriptive in nature. Women's Health Cardiology Clinic personnel work as a multidisciplinary team, and patients receive specialized diagnostic tests and treatments. Referrals are by physicians according to traditional and women's specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease. RESULTS: 985 women visited the Women's Health Cardiology Clinic, accumulating 2062 visits. Median age was 57.5 years. The majority of the women were menopausal (575 women, 58%), 62 pregnant with complications and 25 oncology patients. At least, 30% of women had diabetes/hypertension/or dyslipidemia. 72 women had a history of either cerebrovascular event or acute coronary syndrome, and 139 women had evidence of atherosclerosis. Overall, 388 women underwent endothelial function test, 40% of these women had a score indicating endothelial dysfunction. 277 women underwent a psychological intervention. CONCLUSION: Described here are the experiences from a multidisciplinary Women's Health Cardiology Clinic using a gender-specific cardiovascular care approach for women geared toward improved health and wellbeing. It is of utmost importance that this report will raise women-specific cardiovascular disease risk factors awareness in order to promote women's cardiovascular and overall health.
[Evidence and mechanisms of fetal origins of adult diseases].; This review focuses on the fetal origins of adult disease hypothesis put forward by David Barker and his colleagues, recent advances in epidemiological studies and experimental research in this field. Barker Hypothesis states that environmental factors, particularly intrauterine nutrition, as indicated by birth weight, operate in early life to program the risks for adverse health outcomes in adult life. A large growing body of reports described the association between the early development and adult diseases, such as diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease, abnormal lipids metabolism, obesity and cancer, etc. Experimental studies show that the changes of some key genes' expression, caused by epigenetic modifications, lead to a permanent alteration of cellular proliferation and differentiation and finally the genesis in key tissues and organs. These results bring about the impairment in structures and functions and the increased susceptibility to chronic diseases in adult life. The hypothesis provides a new perspective for the prevention and therapy of chronic diseases.
No association between 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels and prediabetes in Brazilian patients. A cross-sectional study.; CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Several studies have evaluated the role of low 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD3) in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and have presented controversial results. The metabolic processes that culminate in T2DM begin under prediabetic conditions. Our aim was to analyze the association between 25OHD3 and glucose metabolism in individuals who were free from but at elevated risk of diabetes. DESIGN AND SETTING: Cross-sectional study at a tertiary hospital. METHODS: Anthropometric and laboratory profiles were determined in patients with one or more of the following risk factors: hypertension; body mass index (BMI) ≥ 25 kg/m2; waist circumference > 80 cm for women and > 94 cm for men; first-degree relatives with diabetes; women with large-for-gestational-age newborns or with gestational T2DM; HDL-cholesterol (high density lipoprotein) < 35 mg/dl; and triglycerides > 250 mg/dl. The patients were divided into two groups: one with prediabetes (abnormal fasting plasma glucose or oral glucose tolerance test) and the other with normal glucose (euglycemic). RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between the prediabetic group (n = 38) and euglycemic group (n = 15) regarding age (66.4 ± 10.6 versus 62.6 ± 9.1 years), gender (52.6 versus 73.3% female) and BMI (30.1 ± 4.61 versus 27.9 ± 4.7 kg/m2). Low serum levels of 25OHD3 were found in both groups, without any statistically significant difference between them (29.1 ± 11.8 versus 26.87 ± 9.2 ng/dl). CONCLUSION: There was no association between 25OHD3 levels and the clinical or laboratorial variables analyzed.
[Effect of gestational weight gain in a cohort of pregnancy women with obesity operated and not operated for bariatric surgery].; Objective: to determine the effect of gestational weight gain and perinatal outcomes in obese women who underwent and did not undergo bariatric surgery. Material and methods: a retrospective observational cohort study was conducted. The gestational weight gain was classified as insufficient, adequate or excessive according to the guidelines of the United States Institute of Medicine: 4.99-9.07 kg for body mass index (BMI) > 30 kg/m2. Weight gain was calculated as the difference between the weight at the first visit of the 1st trimester and the weight at the visit of the 3rd trimester. Outcomes examined included antepartum variables (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, placental abruption, intrauterine growth retardation, chorioammionitis, spontaneous abortion), intrapartum variables (induced delivery, vaginal delivery, vacuum, forceps delivery, cesarean section, shoulder dystocia), postpartum variables (postpartum hemorrhage, need for postpartum transfusion, postpartum anemia, need for emergency care, maternal death, postpartum tear, postpartum thrombosis) and neonatal variables (preterm delivery, weight percentile > 90, weight percentile < 10, Apgar score < 7, malformations). Using the statistical package SPSS 22.0, a statistical analysis of the data was performed. Results: two hundred and fifty-six women were recruited; 38 (14.58 %) were pregnant after bariatric surgery and 218 (85.15 %) were pregnant women with obesity who had not been operated on. Of the pregnant women with obesity who had not been operated on, 119 (46.68 %) had grade 1 obesity (BMI 30-34.9), and 99 (38.67 %) had grade 2 and 3 obesity (BMI > 35). A global and subgroup analysis was performed. In the overall analysis, 78 (30.46 %) had insufficient gain, 117 (45.70 %) had adequate gain, and 61 (23.82 %) excessive gain. Overall, insufficient weight gain was associated with a lower probability of gestational hypertension (p < 0.015) and forceps delivery (p < 0.000) and large for gestational age newborn (p < 0.000). On the other hand, insufficient weight gain was associated with a higher probability of intrauterine growth retardation (p 0.044), peripartum infection (0.022), preterm delivery (0.006), and delivery < 35 weeks (p 0.016). Excessive weight gain was associated with a higher probability of gestational hypertension (p 0.025), induced labor (p 0.009), forceps delivery (p 0.011) and large for gestational age newborn (p 0.006). Pregnancies after bariatric surgery had fewer overall complications compared to the other groups. Conclusions: insufficient and excessive weight gain worsens perinatal outcomes. Adequate weight gain does not increase complications and produces some benefits.
Contralateral Massive Neonatal Arterial Ischemic Stroke Secondary to Carotid Artery Dissection: A Case Report.; Carotid artery dissection is an infrequent cause of neonatal-perinatal stroke. Its rarity may be due to underdiagnosis or lack of awareness. We report a case of a full-term, large-for-gestational-age (LGA) male infant delivered at 39 weeks gestation. Pertinent prenatal and perinatal history include gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and the use of forceps to assist in delivery due to shoulder dystocia. The infant presented with apnea and cyanosis while rooming which prompted admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Initial sonographic investigation revealed an infarct, subsequently confirmed as a massive left-sided infarct by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the brain. Further, computerized tomography (CT) angiography confirmed a dissection in the right common and internal carotid arteries. The child was treated with antiepileptic and antithrombotic medications. He is now undergoing regular neurodevelopmental monitoring and rehabilitation. As per our sources, this case is the first to report a contralateral significant perinatal stroke due to carotid artery dissection. It underscores the importance of recognizing subtle signs of neonatal encephalopathy that may be due to perinatal stroke, of which carotid artery dissection is an uncommon etiology. Assisted delivery techniques such as the use of forceps may be risk factors.
Septo-optic dysplasia: a literature review.; BACKGROUND: Septo-optic dysplasia (SOD) is a rare disorder characterized by optic nerve hypoplasia with any combination of absent septum pellucidum and/or pituitary dysfunction. SOD may manifest as strabismus, nystagmus, decreased visual acuity, or visual impairment; as an endocrine dysfunction in isolation; or in addition to mental retardation, cerebral palsy, developmental delay, or delayed growth. METHOD: This article reviews the presenting signs and symptoms of SOD, optic nerve hypoplasia, consequences of an absent septum pellucidum, endocrine findings associated with SOD, SOD diagnosis determination, syndromes associated with SOD, and optometry's role in caring for these patients. It also examines two cases that demonstrate the variety and severity of visual and physical impairments associated with SOD. RESULTS: SOD has a multi-factorial etiology, including insult during pregnancy (e.g., viral infections, gestational diabetes); vascular disruption; or a genetic mutation. Children with SOD may manifest a variety of visual and/or physical symptoms that range from mild to severe. CONCLUSIONS: The associated vision, developmental, neurologic, and endocrine disturbances require early diagnosis and management. Optometrists need to be aware of optic nerve hypoplasia (ONH) and consider this diagnosis in patients with visual acuity loss. A comprehensive eye examination and visual-field assessment should be completed in addition to appropriate referrals for endocrine, developmental, and/or cognitive anomalies.
Sex-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women-making cardiovascular disease real.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Sex-specific differences in pathophysiology, prevalence, and impact of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors may explain the high cardiovascular mortality rates in women. RECENT FINDINGS: We review the sex differences in traditional risk factors (dyslipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, and smoking) and nontraditional risk factors (menopause and hormones, pregnancy, inflammation and autoimmune diseases, anemia, depression, and migraines) and their prognostic and therapeutic implications. SUMMARY: Recent research indicates that with respect to traditional risk factors such as dyslipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, and smoking, women appear to have a similar risk of CVD when compared to men. The risk is accelerated after menopause, possibly because of vascular and lipid profile changes. Pregnancy offers a unique opportunity and window to screen otherwise healthy women who may be at an increased risk of CVD in the future. Clinicians should be aware of other novel risk factors including inflammation, anemia, migraines, and depression, and further studies are warranted in order to identify therapeutic implications for these conditions and CVD risk.
Exploring education preferences of Australian women regarding long-term health after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a qualitative perspective.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) affect 5-10% of pregnant women. Long-term health issues for these women include 2-3 times the risk of heart attacks, stroke and diabetes, starting within 10 years after pregnancy, making long-term health after HDP of major public health importance. Recent studies suggest this knowledge is not being transferred sufficiently to women and how best to transmit this information is not known. This study explored women's preferred content, format and access to education regarding long-term health after HDP. METHODS: This was a qualitative study and framework analysis was undertaken. Women with a history of HDP who had participated in a survey on long-term health after HDP were invited to participate in this study. During telephone interviews women were asked about preferences and priorities concerning knowledge acquisition around long-term health after HDP. RESULTS: Thirteen women were interviewed. They indicated that they wanted more detailed information about long-term and modifiable risk factors. Their preference was to receive risk counselling from their healthcare provider (HCP) early after giving birth along with evidence-based, print or web-based information to take home. All women suggested more structured postnatal follow-up, with automated reminders for key appointments. Automated reminders should detail rationale for follow-up, recommended tests and discussion topics to be addressed at the appointment. CONCLUSION: Our findings show that most participants wanted information soon after birth with all women wanting information within 12 months post birth, complemented with detailed take-home evidence. Participants indicated preference for structured follow-up via their HCP with automated alerts about the appointment and recommended tests. This evidence can be used to guide the development of education programs for women on health after HDP which may enhance knowledge, preventive health management and more generally improve women's health trajectories.
Pregnancies and obstetrical prognosis after oocyte donation in Turner Syndrome: A multicentric study.; INTRODUCTION: Turner syndrome is one of the most frequent chromosomal abnormalities in women, with a prevalence estimated to be 1 of 2500 live birth. Pregnancy in women with Turner syndrome is known to be at high risk, whether it is spontaneous or after oocyte donation, because of miscarriages and potential cardio-vascular complications which can be life-threatening. All of these patients should therefore be screened with a comprehensive cardio-vascular assessment before pregnancy, and have a close follow-up during and after pregnancy. PATIENTS AND METHODS: It is a retrospective study, conducted in 10 of the 27 French oocyte donation centers between 2012 and 2016, on all the patients presenting with Turner syndrome included in an oocyte donation program. RESULTS: 151 embryo transfers were realized in 73 patients, resulting in 39 pregnancies. Among these pregnancies, 24 children were born healthy, 11 spontaneous miscarriages, 3 voluntary abortions, 1 extra-uterine pregnancy and 1 maternal death from non-cardio-vascular origin occurred. Pregnancies were complicated by gravid arterial hypertension in 28.2% of cases, preeclampsia in 10.3% of cases, and gestational diabetes in 7.7% of cases. CONCLUSION: This study bring out obstetrical complications of the same magnitude than the ones described in the literature. Lead over a period of 4 years, in 10 French oocyte donation centers, it doesn't reveal any cardio-vascular complications, conversely to other studies published before French and American recommendations. This study reinforces the usefulness of specific recommendations for the care of these particular patients.
Non-pulmonary complications after lung transplantation: part II.; Lung transplantation (LT) is a viable therapeutic option in the treatment of advanced lung disease. With improvements in post-transplant survival, complications involving different organ systems after LT are increasingly seen. While non-infectious, extrapulmonary complications after LT are not frequently responsible for early post-transplant mortality, they significantly impact the quality of life and long-term survival. These complications are, therefore, becoming increasingly relevant as patients with LT are living longer. These complications encompass almost all organ systems and are driven by a combination of the pre-existing comorbidities, events, and complications around the operative procedure and recovery, and perhaps most importantly, medication side effects of the post-LT regimen. In the first of the two-part review, we covered the general approach to management of extrapulmonary complications and covered specific complications pertaining to cardiovascular, renal, neuropsychiatric, and ophthalmologic organ systems. In the current article, we discuss most relevant complications pertaining to the hematologic, endocrine, and gastrointestinal organ systems. In addition, we discuss two of the most common and consequential complications under the miscellaneous category, namely malignancy and venous thrombo-embolism after LT. These two complications have gained increasing significance in the lung allocation score era where progressively sicker and older patients are being transplanted.
Tead1 is required for perinatal cardiomyocyte proliferation.; Adult heart size is determined predominantly by the cardiomyocyte number and size. The cardiomyocyte number is determined primarily in the embryonic and perinatal period, as adult cardiomyocyte proliferation is restricted in comparison to that seen during the perinatal period. Recent evidence has implicated the mammalian Hippo kinase pathway as being critical in cardiomyocyte proliferation. Though the transcription factor, Tead1, is the canonical downstream transcriptional factor of the hippo kinase pathway in cardiomyocytes, the specific role of Tead1 in cardiomyocyte proliferation in the perinatal period has not been determined. Here, we report the generation of a cardiomyocyte specific perinatal deletion of Tead1, using Myh6-Cre deletor mice (Tead1-cKO). Perinatal Tead1 deletion was lethal by postnatal day 9 in Tead1-cKO mice due to dilated cardiomyopathy. Tead1-deficient cardiomyocytes have significantly decreased proliferation during the immediate postnatal period, when proliferation rate is normally high. Deletion of Tead1 in HL-1 cardiac cell line confirmed that cell-autonomous Tead1 function is required for normal cardiomyocyte proliferation. This was secondary to significant decrease in levels of many proteins, in vivo, that normally promote cell cycle in cardiomyocytes. Taken together this demonstrates the non-redundant critical requirement for Tead1 in regulating cell cycle proteins and proliferation in cardiomyocytes in the perinatal heart.
Early-life events. Effects on aging.; During the last two decades, a considerable body of evidence has emerged showing that circumstances during the fetal period and childhood may have lifelong programming effects on different body functions with a considerable impact on disease susceptibility. From a medical point of view, these long-term effects are today referred to as the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) concept. The DOHaD concept may have a fundamental impact on our ideas about when and how to intervene in order to prevent aging-related loss of function and disease. The aim of this review is to provide a synopsis of epidemiological findings relating early-life conditions with key aging-related disorders, including cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, depression, cognitive impairments and osteoporosis. There are several mechanisms that have been suggested as linking early-life events with late-life disease. This review will discuss programming of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function as one of the best characterised examples of such mechanisms.
[Maternal death in Iceland 1976-2015].; INTRODUCTION: Maternal deaths are rare and an indirect measure of the societal framework surrounding pregnancy and childbirth. We surveyed and classified maternal mortality in Iceland using international guidelines, calculating changes over a 40-year period. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Information from Statistics Iceland on women aged 15-49 years who died in 1985-2015 were cross-checked against birth registration and hospital admission data to identify women who died in pregnancy or ≤42 and within 43-365 days from birth or termination of a pregnancy. Data for 1976-1984 were searched manually. Case records and autopsy reports were scrutinized. Deaths were classified as direct, indirect or coincidental and as early or late. RESULTS: Among 1600 women 48 died in pregnancy or within a year after pregnancy. Births totaled 172369 and overall maternal mortality was 27.8/100.000 births. Maternal mortality by World Health Organization criteria (direct/indirect ≤42 days) occurred in 14 instances giving a maternal mortality ratio (MMR) of 8.1/100.000. Rates lowered between the first and last 10-year periods, particularly initially followed by a lesser downward trend. Direct deaths were 6, indirect 20, coincidental 22 (accidents, diseases). Causes of direct deaths were severe preeclampsia, pulmonary embolism and choriocarcinoma. Underlying causes of indirect deaths included cancer, diabetes, brain/heart conditions and suicide. No deaths occurred from ectopic pregnancy, hemorrhage or anesthesia. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal mortality in Iceland is among the lowest reported. Women died because of the pregnancy, from worsening of underlying conditions or coincidentally. Risk groups require better support. Continued attention to adverse health connected to maternity is essential.
Endometriosis and pregnancy outcome: are pregnancies complicated by endometriosis a high-risk group?; OBJECTIVES: Increased incidence of preterm birth, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) babies have been reported in women with endometriosis, but the study populations included women in whom a definitive diagnosis was not attainable, and women who conceived via in vitro fertilization/embryo transfer (IVF/ET), which, in itself, is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome. Thus there is a lack of consensus on the effects of endometriosis on pregnancy outcome. This study compared the pregnancy outcomes of women with or without a definitive diagnosis of endometriosis on laparoscopy. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective comparison of pregnancy outcomes of 108 women who underwent managed delivery of pregnancies established after laparoscopic investigation of infertility. Women with factors known to affect pregnancy outcome, such as age ≥41 years, conception via IVF/ET and multiple births, were excluded. Forty-nine of the study participants had endometriosis (En+ group) and 59 participants did not have endometriosis (En- group). RESULTS: There were no significant differences in mean (±standard deviation) age (33±3.8 vs 33.6±4.1 years), history of miscarriage, history of preterm birth and history of PIH between the two groups. Ovulation induction was used for infertility treatment in 26.5% of the En+ group and 30.5% of the En- group, and artificial insemination was used in 30.6% of the En+ group and 32.2% of the En- group. Regarding pregnancy outcomes, no significant differences in miscarriage (18.4% vs 18.6%), subchorionic haematoma (5.0% vs 2.1%), preterm birth (7.5% vs 8.3%), PIH (15.0% vs 12.5%), caesarean section (32.5% vs 22.9%), gestational age at delivery (38.9±1.5 vs 38.8±1.7 weeks), birth weight (3013.3±480 vs 2934.5±639.5g) and SGA babies (2.5% vs 2.1%) were found between the En+ and En- groups. Placental abruption did not occur in either group. One neonate had trisomy 21 in the En+ group, and one woman had gestational diabetes in the En- group. CONCLUSION: Endometriosis may not affect pregnancy outcome, but there is a need for a large prospective study.
Prevalence of components of the metabolic syndrome according to birthweight among overweight and obese children and adolescents.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Extremes of birthweight (BW) have been associated with increased rates of metabolic risks. The objective was to study the prevalence of metabolic risks markers among obese and overweight (OW) subjects according to BW. SUBJECTS/METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed in a cohort of 1002 patients (2-18 years, 40.6% male) evaluated for OW or obese subjects in two private clinics. Anthropometrics, fasting lipids, glycemia, and insulin were obtained. RESULTS: Of the subjects, 76.1% were born appropriate for gestational age (AGA), 10.9% small for gestational age (SGA), and 13% large for gestational age (LGA). Children born LGA presented a more severe degree of obesity compared with those born AGA and SGA (p<0.0001). No differences in glycemia, insulin, and lipid levels were detected among the groups. Abnormal glucose was found in 37 subjects: one with type 2 diabetes mellitus (from the previously glucose-intolerant subjects), 10 with glucose intolerance, and 27 with impaired fasting glucose. According to Boney criteria, 6.6% of the patients (6-18 years old) exhibited metabolic syndrome (MS) (69.4% AGA, 12.9% SGA, and 17.7% LGA). CONCLUSIONS: Being born LGA represents a higher risk of severe obesity. At this age, the most frequent component of MS was an abnormal lipid profile with low high-density lipoprotein and high triglycerides. Finally, the most frequent finding associated with abnormalities of glucose tolerance was a family history of diabetes. Thus, BW, lipid profile, and family history are mandatory when these patients are evaluated.
Adaptations of placental and cord blood ABCA1 DNA methylation profile to maternal metabolic status.; In utero environmental perturbations have been associated with epigenetic changes in the offspring and a lifelong susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). DNA methylation at the ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) gene was previously associated with CVD, but whether these epigenetic marks respond to changes in the maternal environment is unknown. This study was undertaken to assess the associations between the maternal metabolic profile and ABCA1 DNA methylation levels in placenta and cord blood. Placenta and cord blood samples were obtained at delivery from 100 women including 26 with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) diagnosed following a 75 g-oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between week 24 and 28 of gestation. ABCA1 DNA methylation and mRNA levels were measured using bisulfite pyrosequencing and quantitative real-time PCR, respectively. We report that ABCA1 DNA methylation levels on the maternal side of the placenta are correlated with maternal high density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels (r<-0.21; P<0.04) and glucose levels 2 h post-OGTT (r = 0.25; P = 0.02). On the fetal side of the placenta, ABCA1 DNA methylation levels are associated with cord blood triglyceride levels (r = -0.28; P = 0.01). ABCA1 DNA methylation variability on both sides of the placenta are also associated with ABCA1 mRNA levels (r<-0.35; P = 0.05). As opposed to placenta, cord blood DNA methylation levels are negatively correlated with maternal glucose 2 h post-OGTT (r = -0.26; P = 0.02). In conclusion, the epivariations observed in placenta and cord blood likely contribute to an optimal materno-fetal cholesterol transfer. These in utero epigenetics adaptations may also potentially trigger the long-term susceptibility of the newborn to dyslipidemia and CVD.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and mitochondrial dysfunction.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a prevalent hormonal disorder of premenopausal women worldwide and is characterized by reproductive, endocrine, and metabolic abnormalities. The clinical manifestations of PCOS include oligomenorrhea or amenorrhea, hyperandrogenism, ovarian polycystic changes, and infertility. Women with PCOS are at an increased risk of suffering from type 2 diabetes; me\tabolic syndrome; cardiovascular events, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia; gynecological diseases, including infertility, endometrial dysplasia, endometrial cancer, and ovarian malignant tumors; pregnancy complications, such as premature birth, low birthweight, and eclampsia; and emotional and mental disorders in the future. Although numerous studies have focused on PCOS, the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms of this disease remain unclear. Mitochondria play a key role in energy production, and mitochondrial dysfunction at the cellular level can affect systemic metabolic balance. The recent wide acceptance of functional mitochondrial disorders as a correlated factor of numerous diseases has led to the presupposition that abnormal mitochondrial metabolic markers are associated with PCOS. Studies conducted in the past few years have confirmed that increased oxidative stress is associated with the progression and related complications of PCOS and have proven the relationship between other mitochondrial dysfunctions and PCOS. Thus, this review aims to summarize and discuss previous and recent findings concerning the relationship between mitochondrial dysfunction and PCOS.
Organ-specific defects in insulin-like growth factor and insulin receptor signaling in late gestational asymmetric intrauterine growth restriction in Cited1 mutant mice.; Late gestational placental insufficiency resulting in asymmetric intrauterine organ growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with an increased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular and renal disease in adults. The molecular mechanisms mediating these defects are poorly understood. To explore this, we investigated the mechanisms leading to IUGR in Cited1 knockout mice, a genetic model of late gestational placental insufficiency. We show that loss of placental Cited1 leads to asymmetric IUGR with decreased liver, lung, and kidney sizes and preservation of fetal brain weight. IGF and insulin signaling regulate embryonic organ growth. IGF-I and IGF-II protein and mRNA expression are reduced in livers, lungs, and kidneys of embryonic d 18.5 embryos with IUGR. Decreased IGF-I is associated with reduced activating phosphorylation of the type 1 IGF receptor (pIGF-IR) in the kidney, whereas reduced IGF-II is associated with decreased phosphorylation of the insulin receptor (pIR) in the lung. In contrast, decreased pIR is associated with reduced IGF-I but not IGF-II in the liver. However, pancreatic β-cell mass and serum insulin levels are also decreased in mice with IUGR, suggesting that hepatic IR signaling may be regulated by alterations in fetal insulin production. These findings contrast with observations in IUGR fetal brains in which there is no change in IGF-IR/IR phosphorylation, and IGF-I and IGF-II expression is actually increased. In conclusion, IUGR disrupts normal fetal IGF and insulin production and is associated with organ-specific defects in IGF-IR and IR signaling that may regulate asymmetric IUGR in late gestational placental insufficiency.
Foetal programming and coronary heart disease in later life.; The maternal environment has traditionally been seen as having the utmost importance for the developing foetus. However, a debate has been raging within medicine for the last decade, which points to the key role of the mother's state of health for the subsequent health of the baby. In particular, her nutritional state has been argued to be of critical importance to the health of her offspring not only in infancy but also as it approaches middle age. Evidence has been accumulating that the baby's state of intrauterine nutrition will determine the likely health problems that the mature individual will exhibit. This proposition has enormous implications for anybody involved in health promotion and for public policy. This article aims to summarize the main points in this debate and to draw tentative conclusions for the practising nurse, midwife, and health visitor.
Maternal regulation of fetal development and health in adult life.; Babies who are small or disproportionate at birth, or who have altered placental growth are now known to have increased rates of coronary heart disease, hypertension and non-insulin-dependent diabetes in adult life. These associations are thought to result from fetal 'programming', whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period of early life has permanent effects on the body's structure, physiology and metabolism. Small size at birth and disproportion in head size, length and weight appear to be surrogate markers for the actual influences that programme the fetus. These observations have prompted a re-evaluation of the maternal regulation of human fetal development. Recent studies suggest that the fetus may be considerably more sensitive to the materno-placental supply of nutrients than hitherto imagined. Adult cardiovascular disease may be a consequence of fetal adaptations invoked when the materno-placental nutrient supply fails to match the fetal nutrient demand. Understanding the maternal regulation of human fetal development could lead to public health measures that improve the adult health of future generations.
Perinatal Outcomes in Women With a History of Chronic Hypertension but Normal Blood Pressures Before 20 Weeks of Gestation.; OBJECTIVE: To compare the perinatal outcomes of normotensive women with those of women with a history of chronic hypertension with normal blood pressures before 20 weeks of gestation, stratifying the latter by whether they were receiving antihypertensive medication. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of all singletons with a history of chronic hypertension from 2000 to 2014. Exclusions were blood pressure greater than 140/90 mm Hg before 20 weeks of gestation, fetal anomalies, major medical problems other than hypertension, and diabetes. For the same time period, a randomly selected group without a diagnosis of chronic hypertension was chosen using the same exclusion criteria. Outcomes were compared among women without chronic hypertension, women with chronic hypertension on no antihypertensive medication but with blood pressures less than 140/90 mm Hg before 20 weeks of gestation, and women with chronic hypertension on antihypertensive medication with blood pressures less than 140/90 mm Hg before 20 weeks of gestation. The primary outcome was a perinatal composite of stillbirth, neonatal death, respiratory support at birth, arterial cord pH less than 7, 5-minute Apgar score 3 or less, and seizures. Secondary outcomes assessed were preterm birth before 37 and 34 weeks of gestation, small for gestational age, and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Of 830 women with chronic hypertension and blood pressures less than 140/90 mm Hg before 20 weeks of gestation, 212 (26%) were not taking antihypertensive medication and 618 (74%) were. These groups were compared with 476 women without chronic hypertension. Women with hypertension were more likely to be older and have baseline renal disease and diabetes compared with women in the no hypertension group. The perinatal composite was more common in both hypertensive groups: no antihypertensive medication (9.9%) and antihypertensive medication (14.6%) compared with women in the control group (2.9%) (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 2.9, 95% CI 1.21-6.85 no antihypertensive medications compared with no chronic hypertension; adjusted OR 5.0, 95% CI 2.38-10.54 antihypertensive medications vs no chronic hypertension). The risk of early preterm birth, small for gestational age, and preeclampsia was not significantly increased in women with chronic hypertension and no antihypertensive medications compared with women without chronic hypertension. CONCLUSION: Despite normal baseline blood pressures without medications before 20 weeks of gestation, women with chronic hypertension are at an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes compared with women without.
Delivery Outcome of Fetuses with Congenital Heart Disease-Is It Influenced by Prenatal Diagnosis?; Objective: The objective of this study is to assess the delivery outcomes of neonates with congenital heart defects (CHD), and to explore the effect of prenatal diagnosis on these outcomes. Methods: A retrospective study including singleton deliveries between 2011 and 2020. All singleton neonates delivered at >24 weeks of gestation were included in this study. Fetuses with known prenatal anomalies other than CHD were excluded from this study. Pregnancy and neonatal outcomes were analyzed. A comparison was made between pregnancies with CHD and controls; and between pregnancies with prenatal diagnosis of CHD and postnatal diagnosis of CHD. Results: A total of 1598 neonates with CHD (688, 43.1% diagnosed prenatally) comprised the study group, compared to 85,576 singleton controls. Pregnancies with CHD had significantly increased BMI before pregnancy, suffered more from diabetes and chronic hypertension, had more inductions of labor, and had more cesarean deliveries (CD) including both elective CD and urgent CD due to non-reassuring fetal monitor (NRFHR) (OR = 1.75; 95%CI 1.45−2.14). Prenatal diagnosis of CHD is associated with a significant increased rate of induction of labor compared to postnatal diagnosis of CHD (OR = 1.59; 95% CI 1.15−2.22), but did not affect the mode of delivery including the rate of CD and CD due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR). Gestational age at birth and birthweight were significantly lower in pregnancies with CHD compared to controls, with no difference between prenatal to postnatal diagnosis of the anomaly. Neonates with CHD had a higher incidence of hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy and seizures compared to controls without any impact by prenatal diagnosis. Conclusion: Prenatal diagnosis of CHD is associated with an increased rate of induction of labor, with no increased rate of CD and CD due to NRFHR. The 5-min Apgar score is lower in pregnancies with postnatal diagnosis of CHD.
Narrative review of reviews of preconception interventions to prevent an increased risk of obesity and non-communicable diseases in children.; Evidence for the effect of preconception and periconceptional risk factors on childhood outcomes such as obesity and other non-communicable diseases (NCDs) in later life is growing. Issues such as maternal malnutrition need to be addressed before pregnancy, to prevent a transgenerational passage of risk of NCDs. The aim of this review was to evidence for preconception interventions to prevent obesity and other risk factors for NCDs in children. A search for systematic reviews of interventions in the preconception period published between 2006 and 2018 was conducted on academic databases. Fifteen reviews were included, two of the reviews also included pregnant women. None of the reviews directly reported on obesity or NCD outcomes in children. Results suggest that exercise- and diet-based interventions significantly reduced maternal weight postpartum, weight gain during pregnancy, and improved prevention and control of gestational diabetes. Balanced protein energy supplementation during and before pregnancy was associated with an increase in mean birth weight and reduction of low birth weight babies. There is a dearth of evidence for preconception programmes that follow up on childhood outcomes related to a risk of NCDs. Nevertheless, results suggest that women who received preconception interventions were more likely to have improved pregnancy-related and behavioural outcomes.
Association of certain chronic maternal diseases with the risk of specific congenital heart defects: a population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: Previous epidemiological studies have evaluated cases with all congenital heart defects (CHDs), rather than analysing different types of CHD. The objective of this study was to evaluate the possible association of certain chronic maternal diseases with the risk of different types of CHD, because the role of possible environmental factors in the origin of CHDs is unclear in the vast majority of patients. STUDY DESIGN: Different types of CHD, diagnosed after lethal outcome (autopsy report) or after surgical intervention (catheter or correction), were evaluated in order to estimate the possible role of chronic maternal diseases in their origin. This analysis was based on the rates of medically recorded chronic maternal diseases in 3562 live-born cases with CHDs, 38,151 population controls without any birth defects, and 16,602 malformed controls with other isolated congenital abnormalities, using the data set of the population-based Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance of Congenital Abnormalities (1980-1996). RESULTS: Maternal epilepsy treated with carbamazepine and migraine were found to be associated with higher risk of ventricular septal defect; panic disorders were associated with higher risk of hypoplastic left heart; type I diabetes mellitus was associated with higher risk of coarctation of the aorta; chronic hypertension was associated with higher risk of ventricular septal defect, common atrioventricular canal and common truncus; and paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia was associated with higher risk of atrial septal defect secundum, common atrioventricular canal and ventricular septal defect. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, certain chronic maternal diseases were found to be associated with higher risk of specific CHDs. Appropriate treatment of these diseases may help to prevent these CHDs.
Antiphospholipid antibodies associated with recurrent pregnancy loss: prospective, multicenter, controlled pilot study comparing treatment with low-molecular-weight heparin versus unfractionated heparin.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the use of low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) in combination with low-dose aspirin (LDA) for the treatment of antiphospholipid antibody (APA)-associated recurrent pregnancy loss and to compare the results with the use of unfractionated heparin (UFH) plus LDA. DESIGN: Prospective, controlled, multicenter pilot study. SETTING: Two academically based reproductive health centers. PATIENT(S): Patients with three or more pregnancy losses and positive APA. INTERVENTION(S): Patients were treated with LMWH and LDA (n = 25) or UFH and LDA (n = 25). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Fetal outcome and maternal complications from treatments were compared between the two treatment groups. RESULT(S): Of the 25 patients in the LMWH group, 21 (84%) delivered a viable infant and 4 (16%) miscarried. Of the 25 patients in the UFH group, 20 (80%) delivered a viable infant and 5 (20%) miscarried. These differences were not statistically significant. No major bleeding episodes occurred during pregnancy or at the time of delivery. No cases of deep venous thrombosis, thrombocytopenia, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or bone fractures were noted in either of the two groups. CONCLUSION(S): In this pilot study, the use of LDA in combination with LMWH during pregnancy for the prevention of recurrent pregnancy loss in women with antiphospholipid syndrome seems to be as safe as UFH plus LDA. Large, randomized trials will be required to determine differences in outcome with LMWH and LDA compared with treatment with UFH combined with LDA in this group of patients.
[Is drinking alcohol good for your health?].; Numerous epidemiological studies have disclosed documented evidence that light to moderate consumption of any alcoholic beverage is associated with approximately 20% reduction in cardiovascular disease risk. This finding applies to both men and women and to healthy individuals as well as those with coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, or heart failure. Nevertheless, the issue of including a recommendation for mild to moderate alcohol consumption within the routine recommendations for primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease is still controversial. The controversy is derived partly from methodological issues and partly from documented adverse health effects of excessive alcohol drinking. The key issue is the definition of the optimal dose of alcohol which guarantees a positive benefit-risk ratio, i.e. enjoying the benefits of alcohol without substantial risk. The accumulating scientific evidence shows that a daily consumption of less than 30 grams of alcohol for men and less than 15 grams for women is compatible with the above goal and is not associated with health risks. Therefore, for most individuals it is appropriate to recommend mild to moderate alcohol consumption as part of a healthy life style for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. Recommendations should be given on an individual basis, taking into account the patient's age, gender, physical and mental health status, personality and past drinking habits. The desirable quantity and its upper limit as well as drinking patterns should be clearly defined. All persons should be warned to avoid heavy drinking. Awareness of indications for abstinence from alcohol such as pregnancy, sport activity and the use of certain medications is highly important.
Can Diabetes Be Controlled by Lifestyle Activities?; Diabetes is a complex disease that affects millions of people worldwide. Diabetes is a metabolic disease, in which increased blood glucose levels ultimately lead to heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and damage to the eyes. Current prevalence rates of diabetes are extremely high in countries throughout the world. Multiple forms of diabetes have been identified, including type 1, type 2, type 3, neonatal and gestational. The purpose of this article is to discuss recent developments in diabetes research, including prevalence, morbidity and mortality rates, and lifestyle factors that are associated with diabetes onset and progression. This article also discusses how lifestyle factors delay and/or prevent diabetes.
Familial Hypercholesterolemia.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is characterized by significantly elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) that leads to atherosclerotic plaque deposition in the coronary arteries and proximal aorta at an early age and increases the risk of premature cardiovascular events such as angina and myocardial infarction; stroke occurs more rarely. Xanthomas (cholesterol deposits in tendons) may be visible in the Achilles tendons or tendons of the hands and worsen with age as a result of extremely high cholesterol levels. Xanthelasmas (yellowish, waxy deposits) can occur around the eyelids. Individuals with FH may develop corneal arcus (white, gray, or blue opaque ring in the corneal margin as a result of cholesterol deposition) at a younger age than those without FH. Individuals with a more severe phenotype, often as a result of biallelic variants, can present with very significant elevations in LDL-C (>500 mg/dL), early-onset coronary artery disease (CAD; presenting as early as childhood in some), and calcific aortic valve disease. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: A clinical diagnosis of FH can be established in a proband with characteristic clinical features and significantly elevated LDL-C levels (typically >190 mg/dL in adults and >160 mg/dL in children). Three formal diagnostic criteria are used in Western countries. The molecular diagnosis of FH can be established by identification of heterozygous or biallelic pathogenic variants in APOB (variants that impair binding of LDL-C to the LDL receptor), LDLR, or PCSK9 (gain of function); or rarely, identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in LDLRAP1. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Adults: pharmacotherapy (statins with additional medications as needed) to reduce lipid levels; referral to a lipid specialist if necessary to reduce LDL-C levels; reduce CAD risk factors including cessation of smoking, regular physical activity, healthy diet, and weight control; treatment of hypertension; low-dose aspirin in high-risk individuals. Children: referral to a lipid specialist; diet and lifestyle modifications; statins can be used in children starting around age eight years. Prevention of primary manifestations: Heart-healthy diet (including reduced intake of saturated fat and increased intake of soluble fiber to 10-20 g/day); increased physical activity; no smoking. Surveillance: Monitor lipid levels from age two years; consider noninvasive imaging modalities in adults; identify modifiable risk factors (e.g., smoking, sedentary behavior, hypertension, diabetes, obesity). Individuals with severe FH (i.e., due to homozygous or compound heterozygous pathogenic variants in APOB, LDLR, or PCSK9) or autosomal recessive FH (due to homozygous or compound heterozygous pathogenic variants in LDLRAP1) should be monitored with various imaging modalities (including echocardiogram, CT angiogram, and cardiac catheterization) as recommended. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Smoking, high intake of saturated and trans unsaturated fat, sedentary lifestyle, obesity, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. Evaluation of relatives at risk: Early diagnosis and treatment of first-degree and second-degree relatives at risk for FH can reduce morbidity and mortality. The genetic status of at-risk family members can be clarified by either: (1) molecular genetic testing if the pathogenic variant(s) has been identified in an affected family member; or (2) measurement of LDL-C concentration. Genetic testing is the preferred method for clarifying the diagnosis in at-risk family members, when possible. Pregnancy management: Pregnant women should incorporate all the recommended lifestyle changes, including low saturated fat intake, no smoking, and high dietary soluble fiber. Statins are contraindicated in pregnancy because of concerns for teratogenicity and should be discontinued prior to conception. Bile acid-binding resins (e.g., colesevelam) are generally considered safe (Class B for pregnancy), and LDL apheresis is also used occasionally if there is evidence of established CAD. Use of PCSK9 inhibitors, ezetimibe, lomitapide, and bempedoic acid during pregnancy has not been well studied. GENETIC COUNSELING: APOB-, LDLR-, and PCSK9-related FH are inherited in an autosomal dominant manner. If an individual has biallelic (homozygous or compound heterozygous) pathogenic variants in one of these three genes – a condition referred to as homozygous FH (HoFH) – the presentation becomes more severe with earlier onset of features. Some individuals with FH are heterozygous for pathogenic variants in two different FH-related genes, which may have an additive effect on the severity of FH. Each child of an individual with a heterozygous pathogenic variant in APOB, LDLR, or PCSK9 has a 50% chance of inheriting the pathogenic variant and having FH. All children of an individual with homozygous FH will inherit a pathogenic variant and have FH. If the reproductive partner of a proband is heterozygous for an FH-related pathogenic variant in the same gene as the proband or a different FH-related gene, offspring are at risk of inheriting two pathogenic variants and having severe FH. LDLRAP1-related FH is caused by biallelic pathogenic variants and is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. The parents of an individual with LDLRAP1-related FH are presumed to be heterozygous for one pathogenic variant. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for an LDLRAP1 pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being a carrier, and a 25% chance of inheriting neither of the familial pathogenic variants. Carrier testing for at-risk relatives requires prior identification of the LDLRAP1 pathogenic variants in the family. Once the FH-causing pathogenic variant(s) have been identified in an affected family member, prenatal and preimplantation genetic testing are possible.
Influence of low birth weight on microalbuminuria and blood pressure of school children.; Low birth weight (LBW) is associated to an increased incidence of hypertension, renal and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. The objective of this study was to evaluate possible changes in microalbuminuria (MA) and blood pressure (BP) in children with LBW. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The birth weight (BW) of 1,049 children between 8 and 11 years of age, enrolled in schools in the city of Goiânia/Brazil was investigated. Those in the LBW group (BW < or = 2.5 kg) were compared to a similar group with normal birth weight - NBW (BW > or = 3.0 kg). BP and 24-hour urine MA were evaluated. BW and prematurity (gestational age < 37 weeks) were obtained from the information contained in the children's card. RESULTS: There were 34 children with LBW and 34 with NBW. No significant difference was found regarding age, sex, race, weight, height, BMI, and family history of hypertension or diabetes. Children with LBW presented higher systolic BP (p = 0.019) and more albumin in the 24-hour urine then children with NBW (p = 0.024). CONCLUSION: We concluded that school children with LBW present with higher BP and more albumin excretion in the 24-hour urine. These findings can indicate presence of changes in both blood pressure and microalbuminuria in prepubertal children with low birth weight..
War during childhood: The long run effects of warfare on health.; This paper estimates the causal long-term consequences of an exposure to war in utero and during childhood on the risk of obesity and the probability of having a chronic health condition in adulthood. Using the plausibly exogenous city-by-cohort variation in the intensity of WWII destruction as a unique quasi-experiment, I find that individuals who were exposed to WWII destruction during the prenatal and early postnatal periods have higher BMIs and are more likely to be obese as adults. I also find an elevated incidence of chronic health conditions such as stroke, hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disorder in adulthood among these wartime children.
Risk of Adverse Maternal Outcomes in Pregnant Women With Disabilities.; IMPORTANCE: Women with disabilities have a higher risk of preterm birth, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery; however, their risk of other obstetric interventions, adverse maternal outcomes, and clinical indications for increased cesarean delivery is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate risk of a range of obstetric interventions and adverse maternal outcomes, including severe maternal morbidities (SMM) and mortality, among women with and without disabilities. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Consortium on Safe Labor was a retrospective cohort that included comprehensive medical chart review for deliveries between January 2002 and January 2008. Data were collected from 12 clinical sites, which included 19 hospitals across the United States. This secondary analysis was conducted in February to July 2021. EXPOSURES: Using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, codes and a validated algorithm to define disability, participants were classified as having physical, intellectual, sensory, or any disability, and compared with women with no documented disability. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The relative risk (RR) of 23 obstetric interventions and adverse maternal outcomes, including SMM and mortality, was evaluated. RESULTS: Of the 223 385 women in the study, 9206 (4.1%) were Asian or Pacific Islander, 50 235 (22.5%) were Black, 39 039 (17.5%) were Hispanic, and 110 443 (49.4%) were White, with a mean (SD) age of 27.6 (6.2) years. There were 2074 (0.9%) women with disability and 221 311 (99.1%) without. Among women with disabilities, 1733 (83.5%) were physical, 91 (4.4%) were intellectual, and 250 (12.1%) were sensory. Compared with women with no disability, women with disabilities had higher risk of gestational diabetes, placenta previa, premature rupture of membranes, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and postpartum fever as well as maternal death (adjusted relative risk [aRR], 11.19; 95% CI, 2.40-52.19) and individual SMMs: severe preeclampsia/eclampsia (aRR, 2.15; 95% CI, 1.80-2.56), hemorrhage (aRR, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.09-1.49), and fever (aRR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.03-1.67), with the highest risk observed for thromboembolism (aRR, 6.08; 95% CI, 4.03-9.16), cardiovascular events (aRR, 4.02; 95% CI, 2.87-5.63), and infection (aRR, 2.69; 95% CI, 1.97-3.67). Women with any disability also had higher risk of interventions, including oxytocin augmentation, operative vaginal delivery, and cesarean delivery (aRR, 1.33; 95% CI, 1.25-1.42), with the cesarean indication less likely to be medically indicated (aRR, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.70-0.89). Risk of adverse outcomes and interventions remained consistent across disability categories. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this study, women with physical, intellectual, and sensory disability during pregnancy were at higher risk of adverse outcomes, including a broad range of SMM and maternal mortality.
Intraabdominal fat, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular risk factors in postpartum women with a history of preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Women who develop preeclampsia have a higher risk of future cardiovascular disease and diabetes compared to women who have uncomplicated pregnancies. We hypothesized that women with prior preeclampsia would have increased visceral adiposity that would be a major determinant of their metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: We compared intraabdominal fat (IAF) area, insulin sensitivity index (SI), fasting lipids, low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate, and brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation in 49 women with prior preeclampsia and 22 controls who were at least 8 months postpartum and matched for age, parity, body mass index, and months postpartum. Women were eligible if they did not smoke tobacco, use hormonal contraception, have chronic hypertension, or have a history of gestational diabetes. RESULTS: The groups were similar for age (mean ± SD: prior preeclampsia 33.4 ± 6.6 vs control 34.6 ± 4.3 years), parity (median: 1 for both), body mass index (26.7 ± 5.9 vs 24.0 ± 7.3 kg/m(2)), and months postpartum (median [25th-75th percentile]: 16 [13-38] vs 16.5 [13-25]). There were no significant differences in IAF area and SI. Despite this, women with preeclampsia had lower high-density lipoprotein (46.0 ± 10.7 vs 51.3 ± 9.3 mg/dL; P < .05), smaller/denser low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate (0.276 ± 0.022 vs 0.289 ± 0.016; P = .02), higher systolic (114.6 ± 10.9 vs 102.3 ± 7.5 mm Hg) and diastolic (67.6 ± 7.5 vs 60.9 ± 3.6 mm Hg; P < .001) blood pressures, and impaired flow-mediated dilatation (4.5 [2-6.7] vs 8.8 [4.5-9.1] percent change, P < .05) compared to controls. In a subgroup analysis, women with nonsevere preeclampsia (n = 17) had increased IAF (98.3 [60.1-122.2]) vs 63.1 [40.1-70.7] cm(2); P = .02) and decreased SI (4.18 [2.43-5.25] vs 5.5 [3.9-8.3] × 10(-5) min(-1)/pmol/L; P = .035) compared to the controls, whereas women with severe preeclampsia (n = 32) were not different for IAF and SI. IAF was negatively associated with SI and positively associated with cardiovascular risk factors even after adjusting for the matching variables and total body fat. CONCLUSION: Women with prior preeclampsia have an atherogenic lipid profile and endothelial dysfunction compared to matched control subjects despite having similar adiposity and insulin sensitivity, suggesting that there are mechanisms separate from obesity and insulin resistance that lead to their cardiovascular risk factors. Visceral adiposity may have a role in contributing to these risk factors in the subgroup of women who have preeclampsia without severe features.
Increased Systolic and Diastolic Blood Pressure Is Associated With Altered Gut Microbiota Composition and Butyrate Production in Early Pregnancy.; The risk of developing pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia is higher in obese pregnant women. In obesity, the composition of the gut microbiota is altered. Obesity is also associated with low-grade inflammation. Metabolites from the gut microbiota may contribute to both hypertension and inflammation. The aim of this study is to investigate whether the composition of the gut microbiota in overweight and obese pregnant women is associated with blood pressure and levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor-1. The composition of the gut microbiota was determined with 16S ribosomal RNA sequencing in 205 women at 16 weeks gestation from the SPRING study (the Study of Probiotics in Gestational Diabetes). Expression of butyrate-producing genes in the gut microbiota was assessed by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels were measured in fasting serum of a subset of 70 women. Blood pressure was slightly but significantly higher in obese compared with overweight women. The abundance of the butyrate-producing genus Odoribacter was inversely correlated with systolic blood pressure. Butyrate production capacity was decreased, but plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 concentrations increased in obese pregnant women. Plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels were inversely correlated with expression of butyrate kinase and Odoribacter abundance. This study shows that in overweight and obese pregnant women at 16 weeks gestation, the abundance of butyrate-producing bacteria and butyrate production in the gut microbiota is significantly negatively associated with blood pressure and with plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 levels. Increasing butyrate-producing capacity may contribute to maintenance of normal blood pressure in obese pregnant women.
Pregnancies in women with Turner syndrome: a retrospective multicentre UK study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the characteristics and outcomes of pregnancy in women with Turner syndrome. DESIGN: Retrospective 20-year cohort study (2000-20). SETTING: Sixteen tertiary referral maternity units in the UK. POPULATION OR SAMPLE: A total of 81 women with Turner syndrome who became pregnant. METHODS: Retrospective chart analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Mode of conception, pregnancy outcomes. RESULTS: We obtained data on 127 pregnancies in 81 women with a Turner phenotype. All non-spontaneous pregnancies (54/127; 42.5%) were by egg donation. Only 9/31 (29%) pregnancies in women with karyotype 45,X were spontaneous, compared with 53/66 (80.3%) pregnancies in women with mosaic karyotype 45,X/46,XX (P < 0.0001). Women with mosaic karyotype 45,X/46,XX were younger at first pregnancy by 5.5-8.5 years compared with other Turner syndrome karyotype groups (P < 0.001), and more likely to have a spontaneous menarche (75.8% versus 50% or less, P = 0.008). There were 17 miscarriages, three terminations of pregnancy, two stillbirths and 105 live births. Two women had aortic dissection (2.5%); both were 45,X karyotype with bicuspid aortic valves and ovum donation pregnancies, one died. Another woman had an aortic root replacement within 6 months of delivery. Ten of 106 (9.4%) births with gestational age data were preterm and 22/96 (22.9%) singleton infants with birthweight/gestational age data weighed less than the tenth centile. The caesarean section rate was 72/107 (67.3%). In only 73/127 (57.4%) pregnancies was there documentation of cardiovascular imaging within the 24 months before conceiving. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in women with Turner syndrome is associated with major maternal cardiovascular risks; these women deserve thorough cardiovascular assessment and counselling before assisted or spontaneous pregnancy managed by a specialist team. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Pregnancy in women with Turner syndrome is associated with an increased risk of aortic dissection.
Prenatal Exposure to Cannabis: Effects on Childhood Obesity and Cardiometabolic Health.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To consolidate information on the obesogenic and cardiometabolic effects of prenatal exposure to cannabis. RECENT FINDINGS: A PubMed search strategy updated from January 1, 2014, through 14 June 2023, produced a total of 47 epidemiologic studies and 12 animal studies. Prenatal exposure to cannabis is consistently associated with small for gestational age and low birth weight. After birth, these offspring gain weight rapidly and have increased adiposity and higher glucose (fat mass percentage) in childhood. More preclinical and prospective studies are needed to deepen our understanding of whether these associations vary by sex, dose, timing, and composition of cannabis (e.g., ratio of delta-Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol [Δ9-THC] to cannabidiol [CBD]). Addressing these gaps may help to solidify causality and identify intervention strategies. Based on the available data, clinicians and public health officials should continue to caution against cannabis use during pregnancy to limit its potential obesogenic and adverse cardiometabolic effects on the offspring.
[Gas chromatographic analysis of ethanol and acetone in the air exhaled by patients].; A new method for analysis of volatile endogenous compounds in exhaled air using portable gas chromatographer with photoionization detector has been developed. Detection threshold for ethanol and acetone is 0.1 mg/ml, this permitting one to omit the step of concentrating the exhaled air samples. The accuracy of detection is 5.9 to 7.7%. The concentration of endogenous ethanol in health was 0.12 to 0.3 mg/m3, that of acetone 0.6 to 2.8 mg/m3, that in cardiopulmonary patients 0.8 to 6.4 mg/m3 for ethanol and 2.9 to 47.2 mg/m3 for acetone. Fasting for 24 h led to 15-fold increase of acetone concentration in exhaled air.
Maternal disability and risk for pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum complications: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Women with disabilities are increasingly becoming pregnant, and growing evidence suggests maternal disability may be associated with increased risk for perinatal complications. OBJECTIVE: A systematic review and meta-analysis were undertaken to examine the association between maternal disabilities and risk for perinatal complications. STUDY DESIGN: Medline, CINAHL, EMBASE, and PsycINFO were searched from inception to July 2018 for full-text publications in English on pregnancy, delivery, and postpartum complications in women with any disability and those with physical, sensory, and intellectual and developmental disabilities specifically. Searches were limited to quantitative studies with a comparison group of women without disabilities. Reviewers used standardized instruments to extract data from and assess the quality of included studies. Pooled odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were generated using DerSimonian and Laird random effects models for outcomes with data available from ≥3 studies. RESULTS: The review included 23 studies, representing 8,514,356 women in 19 cohorts. Women with sensory (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 2.85, 95% confidence interval, 0.79-10.31) and intellectual and developmental disabilities (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 1.10, 95% confidence interval, 0.76-1.58) had elevated but not statistically significant risk for gestational diabetes. Women with any disability (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 1.45, 95% confidence interval, 1.16-1.82) and intellectual and developmental disabilities (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 1.77, 95% confidence interval, 1.21-2.60) had increased risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; risk was elevated but not statistically significant for women with sensory disabilities (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 2.84, 95% confidence interval, 0.85-9.43). Women with any (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 1.31, 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.68), physical (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 1.60, 95% confidence interval, 1.21-2.13), and intellectual and developmental disabilities (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 1.29, 95% confidence interval, 1.02-1.63) had increased risk for cesarean delivery; risk among women with sensory disabilities was elevated but not statistically significant (pooled unadjusted odds ratio, 1.28, 95% confidence interval, 0.84-1.93). There was heterogeneity in all analyses, and 13 studies had weak-quality ratings, with lack of control for confounding being the most common limitation. CONCLUSION: Evidence that maternal disability is associated with increased risk for perinatal complications demonstrates that more high-quality research is needed to examine the reasons for this risk and to determine what interventions could be implemented to support women with disabilities during the perinatal period.
Association of Very Preterm Birth or Very Low Birth Weight With Intelligence in Adulthood: An Individual Participant Data Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Birth before 32 weeks' gestation (very preterm [VPT]) and birth weight below 1500 g (very low birth weight [VLBW]) have been associated with lower cognitive performance in childhood. However, there are few investigations of the association of neonatal morbidities and maternal educational levels with the adult cognitive performance of individuals born VPT or VLBW (VPT/VLBW). OBJECTIVE: To assess differences in adult IQ between VPT/VLBW and term-born individuals and to examine the association of adult IQ with cohort factors, neonatal morbidities, and maternal educational level among VPT/VLBW participants. DATA SOURCES: Systematic review of published data from PubMed and meta-analysis of individual participant data (IPD) of cohorts from 2 consortia (Research on European Children and Adults Born Preterm [RECAP] and Adults Born Preterm International Collaboration [APIC]). STUDY SELECTION: The meta-analysis included prospective longitudinal cohort studies that assessed the full-scale IQ of adults born VPT or VLBW and respective control groups comprising term-born adults. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: The study followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) reporting guideline for analyses of individual participant data and identified 8 studies that provided data from 2135 adults (1068 VPT/VLBW and 1067 term-born participants) born between 1978 and 1995. Meta-analyses of IPD were performed using a 1-stage approach, treating VPT birth or VLBW and cohort as random effects. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Full-scale IQ scores were converted to z scores within each cohort using the combined SD of VPT/VLBW participants and a control group of term-born participants, with scores centered on the mean of the control group. RESULTS: A total of 426 records were identified and screened. After exclusions, 13 studies were included in the aggregate meta-analysis. The IPD meta-analysis included 8 of the 9 RECAP and APIC cohorts with adult IQ data. The mean (SD) age among the 8 IPD cohorts was 24.6 (4.3) years, and 1163 participants (54.5%) were women. In unadjusted analyses, VPT/VLBW participants had mean adult IQ scores that were 0.78 SD (95% CI, -0.90 to -0.66 SD) lower than term-born participants, equivalent to a difference of 12 IQ points. Among VPT/VLBW participants, lower gestational age (score difference per week of gestation, 0.11; 95% CI, 0.07-0.14), lower birth weight z scores (score difference per 1.0 SD, 0.21; 95% CI, 0.14-0.28), the presence of neonatal bronchopulmonary dysplasia (score difference, -0.16; 95% CI, -0.30 to -0.02) or any grade of intraventricular hemorrhage (score difference, -0.19; 95% CI, -0.33 to -0.05), and lower maternal educational level (score difference, 0.26; 95% CI, 0.17-0.35) were all significantly associated with lower IQ scores in adulthood. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this IPD meta-analysis, lower gestational age, lower weight for gestational age, neonatal morbidities, and lower maternal educational levels were all important risk factors associated with lower IQ among young adults born VPT or VLBW.
Impact of extracardiac pathology on head growth in fetuses with congenital heart defect.; OBJECTIVE: Neurodevelopmental delay is frequently encountered in children with a congenital heart defect (CHD). Fetuses with major CHD have a smaller head circumference (HC), irrespective of altered cerebral flow or brain oxygenation. This cohort study compared head growth in cases with isolated vs those with non-isolated CHD to evaluate the effect of additional pathology on head size in these fetuses. METHOD: All CHD cases diagnosed prenatally in the period January 2002-July 2014 were selected from our regional registry, PRECOR. Cases of multiple pregnancy, and those affected by maternal diabetes, severe fetal structural brain anomalies or functional CHD were excluded. Subjects were divided into groups according to whether the CHD was isolated, and the non-isolated group was subdivided into three groups: cases with genetic anomaly, extracardiac malformation or placental pathology. In both isolated and non-isolated CHD groups, CHDs were also grouped according to their potential effect on aortic flow and oxygen saturation. Mean HC Z-scores at 20 weeks and increase or decrease (Δ) of HC Z-scores over the course of pregnancy were compared between isolated and non-isolated groups, using mixed linear regression models. RESULTS: Included were 916 cases of CHD diagnosed prenatally, of which 378 (41.3%) were non-isolated (37 with placental pathology, 217 with genetic anomaly and 124 with extracardiac malformation). At 20 weeks, non-isolated cases had significantly lower HC Z-scores than did isolated cases (Z-score = -0.70 vs -0.03; P < 0.001) and head growth over the course of pregnancy showed a larger decrease in this group (Δ HC Z-score = -0.03 vs -0.01 per week; P = 0.01). Cases with placental pathology had the lowest HC Z-score at 20 weeks (Z-score = -1.29) and the largest decrease in head growth (Δ HC Z-score = -0.06 per week). In CHD subjects with a genetic diagnosis (Z-score = -0.73; Δ HC Z-score = -0.04 per week) and in those with an extracardiac malformation (Z-score = -0.49; Δ HC Z-score = -0.02 per week), HC Z-scores were also lower compared with those in subjects with isolated CHD. CHDs that result in low oxygenation or flow to the brain were present more frequently in isolated than in non-isolated cases. CONCLUSIONS: Smaller HC in fetuses with CHD appears to be associated strongly with additional pathology. Placental pathology and genetic anomaly in particular seem to be important contributors to restricted head growth. This effect appears to be irrespective of altered hemodynamics caused by the CHD. Previously reported smaller HC in CHD should, in our opinion, be attributed to additional pathology. Neurodevelopment studies in infants with CHD should, therefore, always differentiate between isolated and non-isolated cases. © 2019 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of the International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Effect of maternal chronic intermittent hypoxia during gestation on offspring growth in the rat.; OBJECTIVE: Obstructive sleep apnea, a breathing disorder caused by the repetitive collapse of the upper airway during sleep, results in a state of chronic intermittent hypoxia (CIH). Although the etiology and consequences of CIH are extensively investigated in the adult, the developmental ramifications of this disease process are unknown. DESIGN: This study was done to investigate the effect of CIH during gestation on offspring development. Pregnant female Spraque-Dawley rats were exposed to daily CIH throughout the gestational period. RESULTS: Postnatal day-1 offspring from CIH mothers were asymmetrically growth restricted, with decreased body weights and elevated brain-weight:liver-weight ratios. Furthermore, CIH newborns had elevated heart- and brain-weight:body weight ratios, and decreased liver-weight:body weight ratios. By adulthood, body weights of growth restricted offspring were significantly greater, as were the liver-weight:body weight ratios. CIH offspring also had greater body fat deposition, were hyperglycemic and had elevated plasma levels of insulin during development into adults. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that alteration of the maternal intrauterine environment by gestational CIH effects the long-term development of the offspring and increases the risk of the offspring to metabolic diseases in adulthood.
Metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study.; The largest and longest clinical trial of metformin for the prevention of diabetes is the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPP/DPPOS). In this review, we summarise data from the DPP/DPPOS, focusing on metformin for diabetes prevention, as well as its long-term glycaemic and cardiometabolic effects and safety in people at high-risk of developing diabetes. The DPP (1996-2001) was a RCT of 3234 adults who, at baseline, were at high-risk of developing diabetes. Participants were assigned to masked placebo (n = 1082) or metformin (n = 1073) 850 mg twice daily, or intensive lifestyle intervention (n = 1079). The masked metformin/placebo intervention phase ended approximately 1 year ahead of schedule because of demonstrated efficacy. Primary outcome was reported at 2.8 years. At the end of the DPP, all participants were offered lifestyle education and 88% (n = 2776) of the surviving DPP cohort continued follow-up in the DPPOS. Participants originally assigned to metformin continued to receive metformin, unmasked. The DPP/DPPOS cohort has now been followed for over 15 years with prospective assessment of glycaemic, cardiometabolic, health economic and safety outcomes. After an average follow-up of 2.8 years, metformin reduced the incidence of diabetes by 31% compared with placebo, with a greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose or a history of gestational diabetes. The DPPOS addressed the longer-term effects of metformin, showing a risk reduction of 18% over 10 and 15 years post-randomisation. Metformin treatment for diabetes prevention was estimated to be cost-saving. At 15 years, lack of progression to diabetes was associated with a 28% lower risk of microvascular complications across treatment arms, a reduction that was no different among treatment groups. Recent findings suggest metformin may reduce atherosclerosis development in men. Originally used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, metformin, now proven to prevent or delay diabetes, may serve as an important tool in battling the growing diabetes epidemic. Long-term follow-up, currently underway in the DPP/DPPOS, is now evaluating metformin's potential role, when started early in the spectrum of dysglycaemia, on later-stage comorbidities, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00038727 and NCT00004992.
Perinatal environment and its influences on metabolic programming of offspring.; The intrauterine environment supports the development and health of offspring. Perturbations to this environment can have detrimental effects on the fetus that have persistent pathological consequences through adolescence and adulthood. The developmental origins of the health and disease concept, also known as the "Barker Hypothesis", has been put forth to describe the increased incidence of chronic disease such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes in humans and animals exposed to a less than ideal intrauterine environment. Maternal infection, poor or excess nutrition, and stressful events can negatively influence the development of different cell types, tissues and organ systems ultimately predisposing the organism to pathological conditions. Although there are a variety of conditions associated to exposure to altered intrauterine environments, the focus of this review will be on the consequences of stress and high fat diet during the pre- and perinatal periods and associated outcomes related to obesity and other metabolic conditions. We further discuss possible neuroendocrine and epigenetic mechanisms responsible for the metabolic programming of offspring. The paper represents an invited review by a symposium, award winner or keynote speaker at the Society for the Study of Ingestive Behavior [SSIB] Annual Meeting in Portland, July 2009.
First-trimester fetal cardiac examination using spatiotemporal image correlation, tomographic ultrasound and color Doppler imaging for the diagnosis of complex congenital heart disease in high-risk patients.; OBJECTIVE: A four-dimensional (4D) fetal echocardiographic technique utilizing spatiotemporal image correlation, tomographic ultrasound imaging display (STIC-TUI echo) and color Doppler has previously been shown to be effective in displaying the examination planes constituting the extended cardiac examination. The aim of this study was to evaluate the performance of this first-trimester STIC-TUI echo technique in identifying complex congenital heart disease (CHD) in high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: This was a prospective study of patients presenting at first-trimester screening who were at high risk for CHD owing to pregestational diabetes, in-vitro fertilization (IVF), increased nuchal translucency (NT) thickness, first-trimester tricuspid regurgitation or reversed ductus venosus (DV) a-wave, a previous child with CHD or who were on anticonvulsant medication. First-trimester STIC-TUI echo was performed, and the findings were correlated with second-trimester echocardiography and post-delivery echo findings in survivors. RESULTS: One hundred and sixty-four fetuses from 152 patients were enrolled (77 diabetics, 38 IVF, 14 with increased NT, 23 cases of tricuspid regurgitation or reversed a-wave in the DV, 22 with prior CHD and two on anticonvulsants). STIC-TUI echo was abnormal in 20 (12%), showing atrioventricular canal defect (n = 9), hypoplastic left heart (n = 2), pulmonary stenosis (n = 2), right aortic arch (n = 1), interrupted aortic arch (n = 1), tricuspid atresia (n = 1), heterotaxy (n = 1), persistent truncus arteriosus (n = 1), double outlet right ventricle and ventricular septal defect (n = 1) and double inlet ventricle with transposition of the great arteries (n = 1). 85% of these anomalies were evident in the four-chamber view plane of the TUI display, and the remainder were diagnosed in the outflow tract planes with color Doppler imaging. In 13, CHD was isolated while seven had extracardiac anomalies. Thirteen fetuses had aneuploidy and all 13 underwent first-trimester termination of pregnancy. In the remaining seven, second-trimester echocardiography and neonatal echo/postmortem examination confirmed anomalies (two stillborn neonates, one neonatal death, four live births). Two cases of CHD missed by first-trimester STIC-TUI echo were diagnosed on second-trimester echo. Accordingly, first-trimester STIC-TUI echo had 91% sensitivity and 100% specificity for the detection of CHD. CONCLUSIONS: First-trimester 4D echocardiography using a standardized application of STIC, TUI and color Doppler imaging is effective in displaying the imaging planes that are necessary for achieving the diagnosis of complex cardiac anomalies in high-risk patients. Optimal imaging of the four-chamber view with two-dimensional ultrasound is the major determinant of successful volume acquisition.
[Cerebral malformation in the newborn: holoprosencephaly and agenesis of the corpus callosum].; OBJECTIVE: To review the embriology and clinical aspects of holoprosencephaly and agenesis of the corpus callosum. DEVELOPMENT: The rostral neuropore closes at 24 days of gestation. At 74 days of gestations axons cross through the dorsal region of the commissural plaque and start forming the corpus callosum. At 115 days of gestations the corpus callosum reaches its adult form. Holoprosencephaly occurs due to rostral mesodermal dysfunction. The etiology of holoprosencephaly is heterogenous. The risk of holoprosencephaly of neonates born to mother with gestational diabetes is 1 2 %. Agenesis of the corpus callosum not associated to holoprosencephaly is due to a disorder of telencephalic midline. Pyruvate dehydrogenase and non ketotic hyperglycinemia can produce agenesis corpus callosum. The prognosis of patients with agenesis of the corpus callosum is dictated by the associated central nervous system and none central nervous system anomalies. CONCLUSIONS: Knowledge of the embriology of holoprosencephaly and agenesis of the corpus callosum are necessary to understand their radiological appearance. The evaluation of a neonate with these conditions requires genetic and metabolic evaluations.
Anaemia at mid-pregnancy is associated with prehypertension in late pregnancy among urban women.; BACKGROUND: Antenatal iron deficiency and anaemia are associated with gestational hypertension and diabetes mellitus, but so are elevated iron stores and haemoglobin. In South Africa, pregnant women receive routine iron supplementation regardless of iron status. AIM: This study aimed to assess associations of antenatal iron status and anaemia with blood pressure in pregnant women in urban South Africa. Secondary to this, associations with heart rate, fasting glucose and glucose tolerance were also investigated. SETTING: Johannesburg, South Africa. METHODS: A total of 250 pregnant women, aged 27 (24-32) years, were recruited using consecutive sampling. The authors measured biomarkers of iron status and anaemia at < 18 and ± 22 weeks', blood pressure and heart rate at ± 36 weeks', and fasting glucose and glucose tolerance between 24 and 28 weeks' gestation. Associations were determined using multivariable regression models adjusted for confounders. RESULTS: The odds of prehypertension in late pregnancy among women with anaemia at ± 22 weeks' gestation were three times higher than among women without anaemia (odds ratio [OR]: 3.01, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.22, 7.42). Participants with anaemia at ± 22 weeks' gestation had 2.15 times higher odds of having elevated mean arterial pressure than women without anaemia (OR: 2.15, 95% CI: 1.01, 4.60). CONCLUSION: Anaemia at mid-pregnancy could be a predictor of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. The cause of antenatal anaemia may need further investigation apart from iron deficiency. The effective management of anaemia in pregnant women living in urban South Africa remains a challenge. CONTRIBUTION: This study provides evidence about the health impact of pregnant women regarding antenatal supplementation practices in South Africa.
Risk Factors and Mortality in Newborns with Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension: A Six-Year Single-Center Experience.; OBJECTIVES: Persistent pulmonary hypertension (PPHT) of the newborn is a disorder of circulatory transition resulting in high pulmonary vascular resistance with extrapulmonary right-to-left shunts causing hypoxemia. In this study, our aim was to evaluate the risk factors, administered treatments, and mortality of patients followed in our neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) due to PPHT over the past six years. METHODS: Patients diagnosed with PPHT and followed in the NICU between January 2017 and November 2022 were included in the study. The sociodemographic characteristics, diagnoses that could lead to pulmonary hypertension, the presence of congenital anomalies, the duration of respiratory support treatment and hospital follow-up, treatments administered for PPHT, and mortality rates were evaluated. RESULTS: Out of 21 patients diagnosed with persistent pulmonary hypertension, 9 of them (42.9%) were male. The mean gestational age of the patients was 37.6±3.7 weeks, and their birth weight was 3006±819grams. The APGAR scores at 1 and 5 minutes were 4(2-7) and 6(3-8), respectively. Risk factors during the antenatal period included fetal distress (38.1%), oligohydramnios (23.8%), intrauterine growth restriction (23.8%), gestational diabetes (14.3%), preeclampsia (4.8%), and chorioamnionitis (4.8%). The median duration of invasive mechanical ventilation for cases requiring respiratory support was 20.1 days, while the median duration of non-invasive ventilation was 3.7 days. Patients with a diagnosis of persistent pulmonary hypertension were treated with inhaled nitric oxide (iNO) in 76.2% of cases, milrinone in 66.7% of cases, sildenafil in 52.4% of cases, and iloprost in 14.3% of cases. The length of hospital stay for patients was 38.4 days, and 9 (42.9%) patients died. The patients who died had severe PPHT along with fetal inflammatory response syndrome (FIRS), congenital heart disease, pulmonary hypoplasia, pneumothorax, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE), and congenital anomalies. CONCLUSION: Persistent pulmonary hypertension, characterized by severe hypoxemia, is a neonatal emergency that necessitates early intervention, effective treatment of the underlying cause to prevent potential short-term and long-term morbidities and mortality. Effective treatment of the underlying cause in patients diagnosed with PPHT could reduce morbidity and mortality. It is inevitable to avoid the loss of patients with major abnormalities, severe comorbidities, and unpreventable organ dysfunctions.
Evaluation and Treatment in Urology for Nocturia Caused by Nonurological Mechanisms: Guidance from the PLANET Study.; Patients with nocturia are commonly referred to urology clinics, including many for whom a nonurological medical condition is responsible for their symptoms. The PLanning Appropriate Nocturia Evaluation and Treatment (PLANET) study was established to develop practical approaches to equip healthcare practitioners to deal with the diverse causes of nocturia, based on systematic reviews and expert consensus. Initial assessment and therapy need to consider the possibility of one or more medical conditions falling into the "SCREeN" areas of Sleep medicine (insomnia, periodic limb movements of sleep, parasomnias, and obstructive sleep apnoea), Cardiovascular (hypertension and congestive heart failure), Renal (chronic kidney disease), Endocrine (diabetes mellitus, thyroid disease, pregnancy/menopause, and diabetes insipidus), and Neurology. Medical and medication causes of xerostomia should also be considered. Some key indicators for these conditions can be identified in urology clinics, working in partnership with the primary care provider. Therapy of the medical condition in some circumstances lessens the severity of nocturia. However, in many cases there is a conflict between the two, in which case the medical condition generally takes priority on safety grounds. It is important to provide patients with a realistic expectation of therapy and awareness of limitations of current therapeutic options for nocturia. PATIENT SUMMARY: Nocturia is the symptom of waking at night to pass urine. Commonly, this problem is referred to urology clinics. However, in some cases, the patient does not have a urological condition but actually a condition from a different speciality of medicine. This article describes how best the urologist and the primary care doctor can work together to assess the situation and make sensible and safe treatment suggestions. Unfortunately, there is sometimes no safe or effective treatment choice for nocturia, and treatment needs to focus instead on supportive management of symptoms.
Taurine and taurine-deficiency in the perinatal period.; Taurine, a non-protein sulfur amino-acid, is the most abundant free amino-acid in the body and plays an important role in several essential biological processes. Apart from its role in cholesterol degradation, it acts as neurotransmitter, and has a function as osmoregulator and antioxidant in most body tissues. During pregnancy, taurine accumulates in the maternal tissues, to be released in the perinatal period to the fetus via the placenta and to the newborn via the maternal milk. It is accumulated especially in the fetal and neonatal brain. Low maternal taurine levels result in low fetal taurine levels. Taurine-deficiency in the mother leads to growth retardation of the offspring, and to impaired perinatal development of the central nervous system and of the endocrine pancreas. The adult offspring of taurine-deficient mothers display signs of impaired neurological function, impaired glucose tolerance and vascular dysfunction; they may develop gestational diabetes and transmit the effects to the next generation. This transgeneration effect of taurine-deficiency in the perinatal period fits into the concept of fetal origin of adult disease.
Epigenetic mechanisms linking early nutrition to long term health.; Traditionally it has been widely accepted that our genes together with adult lifestyle factors determine our risk of developing non-communicable diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and obesity in later life. However, there is now substantial evidence that the pre and early postnatal environment plays a key role in determining our susceptible to such diseases in later life. Moreover the mechanism by which the environment can alter long term disease risk may involve epigenetic processes. Epigenetic processes play a central role in regulating tissue specific gene expression and hence alterations in these processes can induce long-term changes in gene expression and metabolism which persist throughout the lifecourse. This review will focus on how nutritional cues in early life can alter the epigenome, producing different phenotypes and altered disease susceptibilities.
Fetal and perinatal consequences of maternal obesity.; In many industrialised countries, one in five women booking for antenatal care is obese. As well as affecting maternal health, maternal obesity may have important adverse consequences for fetal, neonatal and long-term health and well-being. Maternal obesity is associated with a higher risk of stillbirth, elective preterm birth and perinatal mortality. The incidence of severe birth defects, particularly neural tube and structural cardiac defects, appears to be higher in infants of obese mothers. Fetal macrosomia associated with maternal obesity and gestational diabetes predisposes infants to birth injuries, perinatal asphyxia and transitional problems such as neonatal respiratory distress and metabolic instability. Maternal obesity may also result in long-term health problems for offspring secondary to perinatal problems and to intrauterine and postnatal programming effects. Currently, the available interventions to prevent and treat maternal obesity are of limited proven utility and further research is needed to define the effects of maternal weight management interventions on fetal and neonatal outcomes.
[Genetic counseling and prenatal care after medications during the first trimester].; Analysis of the outcome of 127 pregnancies with first trimester medication (8.4% of the total number of the patients seeking genetic advice in 1997 at the Institute of Medical Genetics in Szeged) was carried out. The gestational age at the time of the medication and genetic counselling, the indications of the treatment, the drugs, the estimated fetal risk, and results of genetic ultrasound examinations and pregnancy outcome were evaluated. The majority of pregnant woman (78%) asked for genetic counselling before the 12. gestational week. The main indications the treatment were: infections, psychiatric-neurologic (depression, anxiety, epilepsy), endocrine (diabetes, hyperthyreoidism), and cardiovascular diseases and gastrointestinal problems. The main groups of the drugs were: antibiotics, antipyretic-, antidepressive-, antidiabetic- and antihypertensive drugs. When the multiple medication was conducted by simultaneous administration of two or more drugs, a complex risk calculation was performed. The fetal risk was higher than 10% in 31 cases (24%). The ultrasound examinations performed by qualified sonographer contributed to a correct evaluation and to reliable follow-up of pregnancies. No suspicious ultrasound finding was reported in the first trimester. However, a severe fatal brain malformation was found in a second trimester pregnancy, which was terminated by the couple's request in the 18th gestational week. A complete follow-up was obtained in 70.9% (90) of the cases. Out of 64 pregnancies intended to continue to term 4 fetal malformations were found. Of them three malformations (patent ductus arteriosus, Robin sequence and a ventricular septal defect) were explored at birth or in the newborn period. The actual 6.3% of fetal malformations was higher compared to the rate expected at birth, but almost equal to the rate of congenital malformation found up to the end of the first year of age in Hungary.
Pre-term birth in women exposed to Cushing's disease: the baby-cush study.; DESIGN: Hypercortisolism during pregnancy is a risk factor for prematurity. Long-term exposure to hypercortisolism may lead to permanent comorbidities, such as hypertension or diabetes, even after remission. Our aim was to determine whether women with a history of Cushing's disease (and being eu-, hypo- or hypercortisolic at the time of pregnancy) had the same risks of comorbidities, and especially prematurity, during pregnancy. METHODS: It was a retrospective multicentric study focusing on mothers with a history of Cushing's disease or diagnosed during pregnancy, followed in French tertiary referral centers. We compared the outcomes of pregnancies depending on the cortisolic status at the time of pregnancy. RESULTS: A total of 60 patients (78 pregnancies including 21 with hypercortisolism, 32 with hypocortisolism and 25 in eucortisolism in 25) were evaluated. The overall rate of preterm birth was 24.3%, with a peak in women diagnosed during pregnancy (62.5%), a high risk in hypercortisolic (33%) and hypocortisolic (19.3%), and a low risk (8%) in eucortisolic women Gestational diabetes and hypertension were observed in 21% and 10.4% of the whole cohort, with a higher risk in hypercortisolic women. Cesarean delivery was performed in 33.7% of the cohort. CONCLUSIONS: Being non-eucortisolic at the time of pregnancy increases the risk of prematurity and comorbidities compared to the general population. Women with a history of Cushing's disease should thus be carefully monitored during pregnancy. The high rate of cesarean delivery emphasizes the fact that these pregnancies should always be considered at risk.
Maternal use of antihypertensive drugs in early pregnancy and delivery outcome, notably the presence of congenital heart defects in the infants.; PURPOSE: To investigate the association between maternal use of antihypertensives in early pregnancy and delivery outcome, notably infant congenital malformations. METHODS: A cohort study of 1,418 women who had used antihypertensive drugs in early pregnancy but had no diabetes diagnosis were identified from the Swedish Medical Birth Register. RESULTS: There was an excess risk for placental abruption, caesarean section, delivery induction, and post-delivery hemorrhage in women taking hypertensives. Infants were more often than expected born preterm, were small for gestational age, and had an excess of various neonatal symptoms. Cardiovascular defects occurred with an adjusted odds ratio of 2.59 (95% CI 1.92-3.51). The results were similar when the woman had used ACE inhibitors or other antihypertensives, notably beta blockers. Stillbirth rate was increased (risk ratio 1.87, 95% CI 1.02-3.02), again without any clear drug specificity. CONCLUSIONS: There seems to be little drug specificity in the association between maternal use of antihypertensives and an increased risk for infant cardiovascular defects.
[Anesthetic management in a case of Friedreich's ataxia].; We describe the anaesthetic management of a 20 years old female with a Friedreich's ataxia for curettage of the uterus. After the premedication with thalamonal, diazepam and atropine the anaesthesia was induced with thiopental. Isoflurane and nitrous oxide were used for maintenance. We review the literature about this disease and its implications in anaesthesia. Anesthetic hazards to the patient with Friedreich's ataxia include potential risk of cardiac dysrhythmias and heart failure and also marked sensitivity to muscle relaxants. Respiratory complications and diabetes mellitus are other main problems in postoperative period. We conclude that this patients should be careful monitored specially cardiovascular function and neuromuscular transmission during and after anaesthesia.
Prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal factors associated with autism: A meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this meta-analysis was to investigate the prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal risk factors for children autism. METHODS: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science were used to search for studies that examined the prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal risk factors for children autism. A fixed-effects model or random-effects model was used to pool the overall effect estimates. RESULTS: Data from 37,634 autistic children and 12,081,416 nonautistic children enrolled in 17 studies were collated. During the prenatal period, the factors associated with autism risk were maternal and paternal age≥35 years, mother's and father's race: White and Asian, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, maternal and paternal education college graduate+, threatened abortion, and antepartum hemorrhage. During perinatal period, the factors associated with autism risk were caesarian delivery, gestational age≤36 weeks, parity≥4, spontaneous labor, induced labor, no labor, breech presentation, preeclampsia, and fetal distress. During the postnatal period, the factors associated with autism risk were low birth weight, postpartum hemorrhage, male gender, and brain anomaly. Parity≥4 and female were associated with a decreased risk of autism. In addition, exposure to cigarette smoking, urinary infection, mother's and father's race: Black and Hispanic, mother's country of birth outside Europe and North America, umbilical cord around neck, premature membrane rupture, 5-minutes Apgar score<7, and respiratory infection were not associated with increased risk of autism. CONCLUSION: The present meta-analysis confirmed the relation between some prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal factors with autism. All these factors were examined individually, thus it was still unclear that whether these factors are causal or play a secondary role in the development of autism. Further studies are needed to verify our findings, and investigate the effects of multiple factors on autism, rather than the single factor.
Women's perceptions of cardiovascular risk after preeclampsia: a qualitative study.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, but studies suggest that women with previous preeclampsia are not aware of this. Little is known about how these women perceive the condition and the associated long-term risks. We examined the experiences and perceptions of preeclampsia and the increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life among Danish women with previous preeclampsia and their attitudes towards CVD risk screening. METHODS: Ten individual semi-structured interviews were conducted with women with previous preeclampsia. Data were analysed using thematic analysis. RESULTS: We identified six themes: 1) Experiences and perceptions of being diagnosed with preeclampsia, 2) Awareness about increased risk of CVD later in life, 3) Knowledge as a precondition for action, 4) The perception of CVD risk as being modifiable, 5) Motivators for and barriers to a healthy lifestyle, and 6) Screening for CVD. Awareness of the severity of preeclampsia was limited prior to being diagnosed. Particularly among those with few or no symptoms, preeclampsia was perceived as a non-severe condition, which was further reinforced by the experience of having received very little information. Nonetheless, some women were shocked by the diagnosis and feared for the health of the offspring. Many women also experienced physical and psychological consequences of preeclampsia. Awareness of the increased risk of later CVD was lacking; yet, when informed, the women considered this to be essential knowledge to be able to act accordingly. The risk of future CVD was perceived to be partly modifiable with a healthy lifestyle, and the women expressed a need for counselling on appropriate lifestyle changes to reduce CVD risk. Other factors were also mentioned as imperative for lifestyle changes, including social support. The women were generally positive towards potential future screening for CVD because it could provide them with information about their health condition. CONCLUSIONS: After preeclampsia, women experienced a lack of knowledge on preeclampsia and the increased risk of CVD later in life. Improved information and follow-up after preeclampsia, including guidance on CVD risk reduction and support from health professionals and family, are warranted.
Association of Sickle Cell Disease With Severe Maternal Morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between sickle cell disease (SCD) and severe maternal morbidity (SMM) in a contemporary cohort of deliveries by non-Hispanic Black people. METHODS: We retrospectively examined SMM by using electronic health record data on deliveries by non-Hispanic Black patients between 2011 and 2020 at a single tertiary, public institution. Sickle cell disease was identified during the delivery admission by using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) and International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-10-CM) codes. The primary outcome, SMM at delivery hospitalization, was ascertained using ICD-9-CM and ICD-10-CM codes and excluded sickle cell crisis as an indicator of SMM. We also constructed a secondary measure of SMM that excluded deliveries in which blood transfusion was the only indication of SMM. Poisson regression models were used to estimate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs for the associations between SCD and SMM (overall and for individual indicators). Multivariable models adjusted for age, parity, insurance type, chronic conditions (chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, obesity), and multiple gestation. RESULTS: Among 17,493 deliveries by non-Hispanic Black patients during the study period, 132 (0.8%) had a diagnosis of SCD. Of those patients, 87 (65.9%, 95% CI 57.2-73.9) with SCD and 2,035 (11.7%), 95% CI 11.2-12.2) without SCD had SMM. Sickle cell disease was associated with increased risk of SMM (87 vs 2,035, adjusted risk ratio [aRR] 5.4, 95% CI 4.6-6.3) and nontransfusion SMM (51 vs 1,057, aRR 6.0, 95% CI 4.6-8.0). Effect estimates were highest for cardiac arrest (3 vs 14, RR 28.2, 95% CI 3.8-209.3), air and thrombotic embolism (14 vs 72, RR 25.6, 95% CI 12.0-54.6), and puerperal cerebrovascular disorders (10 vs 53, RR 24.8, 95% CI 10.2-60.5). CONCLUSION: Sickle cell disease was associated with a more than fivefold increased risk of SMM during the delivery hospitalization. Our data suggest cardiovascular morbidity as the driving major risk. The identification and monitoring of cardiovascular pathology in patients with SCD before and during pregnancy may reduce SMM.
Can thrombophilia worsen maternal and perinatal outcomes in cases of severe preeclampsia?; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether thrombophilia worsens maternal and foetal outcomes among patients with severe preeclampsia (PE). METHOD: From October 2009 to October 2014, an observational retrospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women with severe PE diagnosed before 34 weeks of gestation and their newborns hospitalized at the Clinics Hospital, FMUSP. Patients who had no heart disease, nephropathies, pre-gestational diabetes, gestational trophoblastic disease, foetal malformation, or twin pregnancy and who underwent thrombophilia screening during the postnatal period were included. New pregnancies of the same patient; cases of foetal morphological, genetic, or chromosomal abnormalities after birth; and women who used heparin or acetylsalicylic acid during pregnancy were excluded. Factor V Leiden, G20210A prothrombin mutation, antithrombin, protein C, protein S, homocysteine, lupus anticoagulant, and anticardiolipin IgG and IgM antibodies were analysed. The groups with and without thrombophilia were compared regarding their maternal clinical and laboratory parameters and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: Of the 127 patients selected, 30 (23.6%) had thrombophilia (hereditary or acquired). We found more white patients in thrombophilia group (p = .036). Analysis of maternal parameters showed a tendency of thrombophilic women to have more thrombocytopenia (p = .056) and showed worsening of composite laboratory abnormalities (aspartate aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, alanine aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, platelets < 100,000/mm(3), serum creatinine ≥ 1.1 mg/dL; p = .017). There were no differences in foetal perinatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: The presence of thrombophilia leads to worsening of maternal laboratory parameters among patients with severe forms of PE but without worsening perinatal outcomes.
Cohort profile: the Environmental Reproductive and Glucose Outcomes (ERGO) Study (Boston, Massachusetts, USA) - a prospective pregnancy cohort study of the impacts of environmental exposures on parental cardiometabolic health.; PURPOSE: Pregnancy and the postpartum period are increasingly recognised as sensitive windows for cardiometabolic disease risk. Growing evidence suggests environmental exposures, including endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), are associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications that are associated with long-term cardiometabolic risk. However, the impact of perinatal EDC exposure on subsequent cardiometabolic risk post-pregnancy is less understood. The Environmental Reproductive and Glucose Outcomes (ERGO) Study was established to investigate the associations of environmental exposures during the perinatal period with post-pregnancy parental cardiometabolic health. PARTICIPANTS: Pregnant individuals aged ≥18 years without pre-existing diabetes were recruited at <15 weeks of gestation from Boston, Massachusetts area hospitals. Participants completed ≤4 prenatal study visits (median: 12, 19, 26, 36 weeks of gestation) and 1 postpartum visit (median: 9 weeks), during which we collected biospecimens, health histories, demographic and behavioural data, and vitals and anthropometric measurements. Participants completed a postpartum fasting 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test. Clinical data were abstracted from electronic medical records. Ongoing (as of 2024) extended post-pregnancy follow-up visits occur annually following similar data collection protocols. FINDINGS TO DATE: We enrolled 653 unique pregnancies and retained 633 through delivery. Participants had a mean age of 33 years, 10% (n=61) developed gestational diabetes and 8% (n=50) developed pre-eclampsia. Participant pregnancy and postpartum urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations and postpartum glycaemic biomarkers were quantified. To date, studies within ERGO found higher exposure to phthalates and phthalate mixtures, and separately, higher exposure to radioactive ambient particulate matter, were associated with adverse gestational glycaemic outcomes. Additionally, certain personal care products used in pregnancy, notably hair oils, were associated with higher urinary phthalate metabolite concentrations, earlier gestational age at delivery and lower birth weight. FUTURE PLANS: Future work will leverage the longitudinal data collected on pregnancy and cardiometabolic outcomes, environmental exposures, questionnaires, banked biospecimens and paediatric data within the ERGO Study.
A high birth weight is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes and obesity.; BACKGROUND: The association between low birth weight and adult disease is well known. Less is known on long-term effects of high birth weight. OBJECTIVE: This study aims to investigate whether a high birth weight increases risk for adult metabolic disease. METHODS: Swedish term single births, 1973-1982 (n = 759,999), were studied to age 27.5-37.5 years using Swedish national registers. Hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated in relation to birth weight for type 2 diabetes, obesity, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. RESULTS: Men with birth weights between 2 and 3 standard deviation score (SDS) had a 1.9-fold increased risk (HR 1.91, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.25-2.90) of type 2 diabetes, whereas those with birth weights above 3 SDS had a 5.4-fold increased risk (HR 5.44, 95% CI 2.70-10.96) compared to men with birth weights between -2 and 2 SDS. The corresponding HRs for women were 0.60 (95% CI 0.40-0.91) and 1.71 (95% CI 0.85-3.43) for birth weights 2-3 SDS and >3 SDS, respectively. Men with birth weights between 2 and 3 SDS had a 1.5-fold increased risk (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.22-1.77) of obesity. The corresponding risk for women was 1.3-fold increased (HR 1.32, 95% CI 1.19-1.46). For men and women with birth weights above 3 SDS, the risks of adult obesity were higher, HR 2.46 (95% CI 1.63-3.71) and HR 1.85 (95% CI 1.44-2.37), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A high birth weight, particularly very high, increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in male young adults. The risk of obesity increases with increasing birth weight in both genders.
Neonatal outcomes in very preterm singleton infants conceived using assisted reproductive technologies.; OBJECTIVE: To compare neonatal mortality, severe morbidities and hospital length of stay in very preterm singleton infants conceived using assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) or spontaneously (SP). STUDY DESIGN: Singleton infants born at 23 to 32 weeks gestation during 2010-2012 were retrospectively identified from the Canadian Neonatal Network database. A composite outcome indicating a mortality or severe morbidity (grade ≥ 3 intraventricular hemorrhage, periventricular leukomalacia, stage ≥ 3 retinopathy of prematurity, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, or stage ≥ 2 necrotizing enterocolitis) was compared between ART and SP infants using multivariable logistic regression. Length of stay was examined in multivariable time-to-event analyses adjusting for competing risk of mortality. RESULTS: Eligible subjects included 346 (4.4%) ART and 7,578 (95.6%) SP infants. ART mothers were older, with fewer single parents, higher rates of nulliparity, diabetes, hypertension, antenatal corticosteroids, and prenatal care, but less smoking and substance use than SP mothers. No significant differences were detected in the composite outcome (odds ratio: 0.79; 95% confidence interval: 0.54-1.17) or length of stay (hazard ratio: 0.84; 95% confidence interval: 0.63-1.12) between ART and SP infants after adjustment for potential confounders and risk factors. CONCLUSION: Among singleton infants born very preterm, mode of conception is not associated with overall mortality/morbidity or length of stay.
[Impact of oxidative stress on renal dopamine D(1) receptor dysfunction in offspring of diabetic rat dams].; Objective: To explore the effects of oxidative stress on renal dopamine D(1) receptor dysfunction in offspring of diabetic rat dams. Methods: The pregnant Sprague Dawley (SD) rats (n=10) were randomly divided into the diabetic group (a single intraperitoneal injection of 35 mg/kg streptozotocin on day 0 of gestation) and control group (injected with the equal volume of 0.9% saline on day 0 of gestation) according to the random number table (n=5 each group). The offspring rats were divided into 4 groups including offspring of control dams treated with vehicle, offspring of control dams treated with antioxidant, offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle and offspring of diabetic dams treated with antioxidant (n=10 each group). After birth, the offspring rats were treated with normal drinking water or antioxidant (tempol, 1.0 mmol/L) from the age of 4 weeks until the end of the study (20 weeks). The blood pressure was monitored continuously by non-invasive tail-cuff method. The renal oxidative markers including superoxide dismutase (SOD) and malondialdehyde (MDA) activity and D(1) receptor agonist (fenoldopam)-mediated urinary and sodium excretion were detected. Furthermore, the protein expression of renal G protein-coupled receptor kinase 2 (GRK2), GRK4, dopamine D(1) receptor and the phosphorylation level of D(1) receptor were detected. Results: The mean arterial pressure of offspring from the diabetic dams treated with vehicle was significantly higher than that of offspring from control dams treated with vehicle (P=0.013), while the mean arterial pressure of offspring from diabetic dams treated with antioxidant was significantly lower than that of offspring from the diabetic dams treated with vehicle (P=0.038). The fenoldopam-mediated urinary flow and urinary sodium excretion rate were significantly lower in offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle than those in offspring of control dams treated with vehicle (P<0.01), which were significantly higher in offspring of diabetic dams treated with antioxidant as compared to offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle (both P<0.01). There was no significant difference in fenoldopam-mediated urinary flow and urinary sodium excretion rate in offspring of control dams treated with antioxidant or vehicle (urinary flow: P=0.772; urinary sodium excretion rate: P=0.716). Compared with offspring of control dams treated with vehicle, the renal MDA activity was significantly increased, while the SOD activity was significantly decreased in offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle (MDA: P<0.01; SOD: P=0.013). The renal MDA activity was significantly decreased, while the SOD activity was significantly increased in offspring of diabetic dams treated with antioxidant in comparison with offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle (MDA: P<0.01; SOD: P=0.035).The renal GRK2 and GRK4 protein expression in offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle were significantly higher than those in offspring of control dams treated with vehicle (P<0.01), while the expression levels of renal GRK2 and GRK4 in offspring of diabetic dams treated with antioxidant were significantly downregulated compared with offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle (P<0.01). There was no significant difference in the protein expression of dopamine D(1) receptor among 4 groups (P=0.735). The level of dopamine D(1) receptor phosphorylation in offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle was significantly higher than that in offspring of control dams treated with vehicle (P<0.01), while the dopamine D(1) receptor phosphorylation level was significantly lower in offspring of diabetic dams treated with antioxidant compared to that in offspring of diabetic dams treated with vehicle (P<0.01). Conclusion: Oxidative stress is involved in the dopamine D(1) receptors dysfunction in the offspring of diabetic dams.
Neuromagnetic signatures of syllable processing in fetuses and infants provide no evidence for habituation.; BACKGROUND: Habituation, as a basic form of learning, is characterized by decreasing amplitudes of neuronal reaction following repeated stimuli. Recent studies indicate that habituation to pure tones of different frequencies occurs in fetuses and infants. AIMS: Neural processing of different syllables in fetuses and infants was investigated. STUDY DESIGN: An auditory habituation paradigm including two different sequences of syllables was presented to each subject. Each sequence consisted of eight syllables (sequence /ba/: 5× /ba/, 1× /bi/ (dishabituator), 2× /ba/; sequence /bi/: 5× /bi/, 1× /ba/ (dishabituator), 2× /bi/). Each subject was stimulated with 140 sequences. Neuromagnetic signatures of auditory-evoked responses (AER) were recorded by fetal magnetoencephalography (fMEG). SUBJECTS: Magnetic brain signals of N=30 fetuses (age: 28-39weeks of gestation) and N=28 infants (age: 0-3months) were recorded. Forty-two of the 60 fetal recordings and 29 of the 58 infant recordings were included in the final analysis. OUTCOME MEASURES: AERs were recorded and amplitudes were normalized to the amplitude of the first stimulus. RESULTS: In both fetuses and infants, the amplitudes of AERs were found not to decrease with repeated stimulation. In infants, however, amplitude of syllable 6 (dishabituator) was significantly increased compared to syllable 5 (p=0.026). CONCLUSIONS: Fetuses and infants showed AERs to syllables. Unlike fetuses, infants showed a discriminative neural response to syllables. Habituation was not observed in either fetuses or infants. These findings could be important for the investigation of early cognitive competencies and may help to gain a better understanding of language acquisition during child development.
Developmental Origins of Health Span and Life Span: A Mini-Review.; BACKGROUND: A vast body of research has demonstrated that disease susceptibility and offspring health can be influenced by perinatal factors, which include both paternal and maternal behavior and environment. Offspring disease risk has the potential to affect the health span and life span of offspring. KEY FINDINGS: Various maternal factors, such as environmental toxicant exposure, diet, stress, exercise, age at conception, and longevity have the potential to influence age-associated diseases such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes, and cancer risk in offspring. Paternal factors such as diet, age at conception, and longevity can potentially impact offspring health span and life span-reducing traits as well. PRACTICAL IMPLICATIONS: Continued research could go a long way toward defining mechanisms of the developmental origins of life span and health span, and eventually establishing regimens to avoid negative developmental influences and to encourage positive interventions to potentially increase life span and improve health span in offspring.
Potential impact of maternal vitamin D status on obstetric well-being.; Despite its discovery 100 years ago, vitamin D (VD) has emerged as one of the most controversial nutrients and prohormones of the 21st century. In the past few years, a growing interest in VD has been observed in the biomedical literature due to evidences demonstrating a relevant relationship not only between regulation of calcium and phosphorus homeostasis, but also multiple disease states and low VD status in the population. Indeed, several studies carried out to decipher its role in the body in almost every cell, tissue, and different organs. Recent findings suggested a significant implication of VD in different physiologic processes , such as vascular health, immune function, metabolism, and placental function. In the attempt to focus the attention on effect of VD on female reproductive health, there has been a paucity of data from randomized controlled trials to establish clear beneficial. Human and animal data suggest that low VD status is associated with impaired fertility, endometriosis, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Findings from observational studies show higher rates of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and bacterial vaginosis in women with low VD levels. By recent evidences, this review explored the association between maternal VD status and selected effects on maternal, perinatal, and infant health, and the impact of VD supplementation during pregnancy on obstetric well-being.
A simple clinical method to identify women at higher risk of preeclampsia.; An outstanding issue is how to efficiently identify women at high risk of preeclampsia. This retrospective cohort study included 8672 pregnancies at a single centre in Toronto. We tested our simple method - presence vs. absence of≥1 major (pre-pregnancy BMI>30kg/m(2), chronic hypertension, pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus and assisted reproductive therapy) or≥2 minor (prior stillbirth, age>40years, nulliparity, multifetal pregnancy, chronic kidney disease, and SLE) risk factors for PE. The RR of PE was 8.4 (95% CI 5.3-13.2) and the model C-statistic 0.74 (95% CI 0.69-0.79). Further testing of this method elsewhere is warranted.
Maternal hypertension and progeny blood pressure: role of aldosterone and 11beta-HSD.; Epidemiological and experimental evidence suggests that gestational events modulate the level of blood pressure that will be "normal" for the individual as an adult. Glucocorticoid excess during gestation is associated with low birth weight, a large placenta, and adult hypertension in humans and animals. It has been proposed that the deficiency in placental 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase activity in humans produces a gestational hormonal milieu, notwithstanding normal circulating levels of glucocorticoids, that predisposes the adult progeny to hypertension. Animal studies indicate that maternal hypertension, excess glucocorticoids, and hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase inhibition program adult blood pressure. Blood pressures of Sprague-Dawley rat dams were manipulated during gestation with continuous intracerebroventricular infusions of vehicle, aldosterone, 11alpha-hydroxyprogesterone, or carbenoxolone at doses known to produce hypertension with no renal effects or with subcutaneous infusions of larger, equally hypertensinogenic doses that produce systemic effects. Blood pressures of all treated dams were significantly greater (P<0.01) during gestation than those of the vehicle ICV control rats but not significantly different from each other. The blood pressures of both male and female progeny (n>/=6 per group, comprising representatives from at least 4 litters) were measured after 6 weeks of age. No significant difference was found in the blood pressure of the pups regardless of the maternal gestational blood pressure or treatment with an enzyme inhibitor, even after high-salt diet challenge.
RISING STARS: Bumps and bacteria: influence of the maternal microbiota on pregnancy outcomes.; During pregnancy, all major physiological systems undergo remarkable changes, driven largely by alterations in the maternal hormonal milieu. In healthy pregnancies, maternal cardiovascular and metabolic adaptation to pregnancy occurs to support fetal growth and maternal well-being. Impaired maternal adaptation to pregnancy is associated with a range of pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. There is growing recognition of the importance of different maternal microbiota, including in the gut, vagina and oral cavity, in supporting normal maternal adaptations to pregnancy as well as evidence for microbial disturbances associating with pregnancy pathologies. Here, we aim to summarise emerging evidence demonstrating that differences in maternal microbiota associate with pregnancy outcomes and discuss potential therapeutic approaches under development that might restore an 'optimal' microbiome. In particular, we highlight recent work by ourselves and others exploring the role of the oral microbiome in pregnancy, given established links between poor oral health (e.g. periodontitis) and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Our research has focussed on specific nitrate-reducing oral bacteria which play a role in the generation of nitric oxide (NO) and other bioactive nitrogen oxides associated with cardiovascular health and maternal cardiovascular adaption to pregnancy. Ongoing research aims to define whether altered microbial profiles have clinical utility in the prediction of pregnancy pathologies, and whether interventions designed to optimise specific maternal microbiota could help prevent future complications.
Special Aspects of Cholesterol Metabolism in Women.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases due to arteriosclerosis are the most common causes of death and disability in both men and women. Hypercholesterolemia, a treatable risk factor, is often detected after a delay in women, and then inadequately treated. It is, therefore, important to know the sex-specific aspects of cholesterol metabolism and to address them specifically. METHODS: We conducted a selective literature search in PubMed with particular attention to current guidelines. RESULTS: In the population as a whole, the age-associated rise in serum cholesterol levels occurs approximately 10 years later in women than in men. Women are exposed to a higher cholesterol load than men at the beginning of their lives, and especially after menopause. This is correlated with a later, but nonetheless clinically relevant rise in the incidence of myocardial infarction in older women. Because women's LDL cholesterol and lipoprotein(a) levels rise after menopause, their lipid profiles should be re-evaluated at this time. Moreover, conditions that are specific to women such as polycystic ovary syndrome, contraception, and especially the phases of life-such as planning to become pregnant, pregnancy, and breastfeeding-need to be considered for both diagnostic and therapeutic purposes. Sex-specific differences and cholesterolassociated risks are particularly pronounced in women with familial hypercholesterolemia (prevalence 1:250). CONCLUSION: Lowering high cholesterol levels, especially in postmenopausal women, may prevent the development of cardiovascular diseases.
Small for gestational age: short stature and beyond.; Depending on the definitions used, up to 10% of all live-born neonates are small for gestational age (SGA). Although the vast majority of these children show catch-up growth by 2 yr of age, one in 10 does not. It is increasingly recognized that those who are born SGA are at risk of developing metabolic disease later in life. Reduced fetal growth has been shown to be associated with an increased risk of insulin resistance, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The majority of pathology is seen in adults who show spontaneous catch-up growth as children. There is evidence to suggest that some of the metabolic consequences of intrauterine growth retardation in children born SGA can be mitigated by ensuring early appropriate catch-up growth, while avoiding excessive weight gain. Implicitly, this argument questions current infant formula feeding practices. The risk is less clear for individuals who do not show catch-up growth and who are treated with GH for short stature. Recent data, however, suggest that long-term treatment with GH does not increase the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome in young adults born SGA.
Greater sympathoadrenal activation with longer preventilation intervals after immediate cord clamping increases hemodynamic lability at birth in preterm lambs.; This study tested the hypothesis that varying degrees of hemodynamic fluctuations seen after birth following immediate cord clamping were related to development of asphyxia with longer cord clamp-to-ventilation intervals, resulting in higher perinatal circulating levels of the catecholamines norepinephrine (NE) and epinephrine (Epi), and thus increased heart rate, blood pressures, and cardiac contractility after birth. Anesthetized preterm fetal lambs were instrumented with 1) aortic (AoT) and pulmonary trunk (PT) micromanometers to obtain pressures and the maximal rate of pressure rise (dP/dt(max)) as a surrogate measure of ventricular contractility, and 2) an AoT catheter to obtain samples for blood gas and catecholamine analyses. After delivery, immediate cord clamping was followed by ventilation ∼40 s (n = 7), ∼60 s (n = 8), ∼90 s (n = 9), or ∼120 s later (n = 8), with frequent blood sampling performed before and after ventilation. AoT O(2) content fell rapidly after immediate cord clamping (P < 0.001), with an asphyxial state evident at ≥60 s. Plasma NE and Epi levels increased progressively with longer cord clamp-to-ventilation intervals, with an exponential relation between falling AoT O(2) content and rising catecholamines (R(2) = 0.64-0.67). Elevated circulating catecholamines persisted for some minutes after ventilation onset, with postbirth surges in heart rate, AoT and PT pressures, and AoT and PT dP/dt(max) linearly related to log(e) of catecholamine levels (R(2) = 0.41-0.54, all P < 0.001). These findings suggest that 1) a greater degree of asphyxia-induced sympathoadrenal activation (reflected in elevated circulating catecholamine levels) occurs with longer intervals between immediate cord clamping and subsequent ventilation, and 2) this activation is a major determinant of hemodynamic fluctuations evident with birth.
Cardiovascular risk factors are major determinants of thrombotic risk in patients with the lupus anticoagulant.; BACKGROUND: Patients with the lupus anticoagulant (LA) are at an increased risk of thrombotic events, which in turn increase the risk of death. Understanding the determinants of thrombotic risk in patients with LA may pave the way towards targeted thromboprophylaxis. In the Vienna Lupus Anticoagulant and Thrombosis Study (LATS), we systematically evaluate risk factors for thrombotic events in patients with LA. METHODS: We followed 150 patients (mean age: 41.3 years, female gender: n = 122 (81.3%), history of thrombosis or pregnancy complications: n = 111 (74.0%)), who tested repeatedly positive for LA until development of thrombosis, death, or censoring. The primary endpoint was a composite of arterial or venous thrombotic events (TEs). RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 9.5 years (range: 12 days-13.6 years) and 1076 person-years, 32 TEs occurred (arterial: n = 16, venous: n = 16; cumulative 10-year TE incidence: 24.3%). A prolonged lupus-sensitive activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT-LA) (adjusted subdistribution hazard ratio (SHR) = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.07--5.02), diabetes (adjusted SHR = 4.39, 95% CI: 1.42-13.57), and active smoking (adjusted SHR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.14-5.02) emerged as independent risk factors of both arterial and venous thrombotic risk. A risk model that includes a prolonged lupus-sensitive aPTT, smoking, and diabetes enabled stratification of LA patients into subgroups with a low, intermediate, and high risk of thrombosis (5-year TE risk of 9.7% (n = 77), 30.9% (n = 51), and 56.8% (n = 22). CONCLUSIONS: Long-term thrombotic risk in patients with LA is clustered within subjects harboring typical cardiovascular risk factors in addition to a prolonged lupus-sensitive aPTT, whereas patients with none of these risk factors represent a large subgroup with a low risk of thrombosis.
Postpartum readmission risk: a comparison between stillbirths and live births.; BACKGROUND: Stillbirth occurs more commonly among pregnant people with comorbid conditions and obstetrical complications. Stillbirth also independently increases maternal morbidity and imparts a psychosocial hazard when compared with live birth. These distinct needs and burden may increase the risk for postpartum readmission after stillbirth. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to examine the risk for maternal postpartum readmission after stillbirth in comparison with live birth and to identify indications for readmission and the associated risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort of patients with singleton stillbirths or live births, delivered at ≥20 weeks' gestation, who were identified from the 2019 Nationwide Readmissions Database. The primary outcome was all-cause readmission within 6 weeks of discharge from the childbirth hospitalization. The association between stillbirth (vs live birth) and risk for readmission was assessed using multivariable regression models with adjustment for maternal age, sociodemographic characteristics, maternal and obstetrical conditions, and delivery characteristics. Within the stillbirth group, risk factors for readmission were further examined using multivariable regression. The secondary outcomes included principal indication for readmission (categorized based on principal diagnosis code of the readmission hospitalization) and timing of readmission (number of weeks after childbirth hospitalization). Differences in these secondary outcomes were compared between the stillbirth and live birth groups using chi-square tests. All analyses accounted for the complex sample design to generate nationally representative estimates. RESULTS: Postpartum readmission occurred in 2.7% of 16,636 patients with stillbirths, whereas it occurred in 1.6% of 2,870,677 patients with live births (unadjusted risk ratio, 1.65; 95% confidence interval, 1.47-1.86). The higher risk for readmission after stillbirth (vs live birth) persisted after adjusting for maternal, obstetrical, and delivery characteristics (adjusted risk ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.46). The distribution of principal indication for readmission differed after stillbirth and after live birth and included hypertension (30.2% vs 39.5%; unadjusted risk ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.63-0.93), mental health or substance use disorders (6.8% vs 3.6%; unadjusted risk ratio, 1.90; 95% confidence interval, 1.15-3.16), and venous thromboembolism (5.8% vs 2.0%; unadjusted risk ratio, 2.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.60-5.17). Among patients with stillbirths, 56.0% of readmissions occurred within 1 week, 71.8% within 2 weeks, and 88.1% within 4 weeks; the timing of readmission did not differ significantly between the stillbirth and live birth cohorts. Pregestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-2.93), gestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.67; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-2.71), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted risk ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.31-2.47), obesity (adjusted risk ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-2.12), and primary cesarean delivery (adjusted risk ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.17-2.58) were associated with a higher risk for readmission after stillbirth, whereas higher household income was associated with a lower risk for readmission (eg, adjusted risk ratio for income ≥$82,000 vs $1-$47,999, 0.48; 95% confidence interval, 0.30-0.77). CONCLUSION: When compared with live births, the risk for postpartum readmission was higher after stillbirths, even after adjustment for differences in the patient demographic and clinical characteristics. Readmission for mental health or substance use disorders and venous thromboembolism is more common after stillbirths than after live births.
The effects of maternal diabetes and insulin treatment on neurogenesis in the developing hippocampus of male rats.; Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increasing risk of congenital malformations and central nervous system disorders (CNS) especially hippocampal neuronal circuitry disruption as a discreet region involved in neurogenesis phenomenon. This study aimed to investigate the effect of maternal diabetes and insulin treatment on the expression and distribution pattern of NeuN and DCX as two important markers of neurogenesis paradigm in developing rat hippocampus. All animals were randomly divided into three groups as follows: Control group, Diabetic (STZ-D), Diabetic treated with insulin (STZ-INS). Diabetes was induced in Wistar female rats by Sterptozotocin intraperitoneal injection (single does). Following confirmation of diabetes, animals were mated with non-diabetic males. Four to six units of protamine-Zinc insulin were delivered subcutaneously (SC) in insulin treated group. At the post-natal day 14 (P14), the brain of male offspring's were removed for further study. In fact Immunofluorescence staining and Real time - PCR assays are used for evaluation of neurogenesis phenomenon. Our results showed a significant higher level of hippocampal DCX expression and an increase in the mean number of DCX positive cells in the DG of diabetic group male offspring (P < 0.05). We also found an insignificant up-regulation in the expression of DCX and the mean number of positive cells in the insulin-treated diabetic group neonates as compared to control group (P > 0.05). Nevertheless the results of immunofluorescence staining for NeuN also indicated that the mean number of NeuN+ cells was significantly lower in dentate gyrus of diabetic group male offspring (P < 0.05). Besides, there were significant down- regulation in the hippocampal mRNA expression of NeuN in diabetic pups compare to control (P < 0.05 each). Our results revealed that diabetes during pregnancy has an adverse effect on the hippocampal neurogenesis in rat neonates. Furthermore, the control of glycemia by insulin is sufficient to prevent the alterations in expression of neurogenesis markers.
Peripartum Cardiomyopathy Incidence, Risk Factors, Diagnostic Criteria, Pathophysiology, and Treatment Options.; Peripartum cardiomyopathy is a rare and a severe form of heart failure that affects women during pregnancy or shortly after delivery. Risk factors include advanced age, race, multiparity, multifetal pregnancy, socioeconomic disparity, and medical comorbidities including systemic hypertension, diabetes, asthma, and anemia. Peripartum cardiomyopathy is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, as well as a detrimental long-term impact on quality of life. Its etiology is not clear, although it is thought to be a combined effect of a hyperdynamic fluid state associated with pregnancy, hormonal changes unique to gestation, and a genetic predisposition. There is no current expert consensus on an optimal treatment regimen. This article will provide a comprehensive review and update on this important disease state.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a strong risk factor for subsequent hypertension 5 years after delivery.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are known to be a risk factor for future cardiovascular diseases. In contrast, there is a paucity of data on the not so distant future prognosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. In the present study, we evaluated the incidence of the diseases causing cardiovascular problems (hypertension, diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome) 5 years after delivery in Japanese women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. We performed a double-cohort study and compared medical conditions between women with and without a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. A total of 1513 women who participated in the cohort study were invited to undergo a medical checkup 5 years after the index delivery, of whom 829 responded. After excluding pregnant and lactating women at the time of examination, 25 women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and 746 control subjects were analyzed. The incidence of hypertension was significantly higher among women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than women who were normotensive during pregnancy (24.0 vs. 2.5%, P<0.001). They were also at an increased risk of subsequent hypertension 5 years after the index delivery, after adjusting for confounding factors such as age, body mass index, family history of hypertension and salt intake (odds ratio 7.1, 95% CI, 2.0-25.6, P<0.003). These is no significant difference in the incidence of diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia and metabolic syndrome. In conclusion, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are strong risk factors for subsequent hypertension only 5 years after delivery.
Responses of hypertrophied myocytes to reactive species: implications for glycolysis and electrophile metabolism.; During cardiac remodelling, the heart generates higher levels of reactive species; yet an intermediate 'compensatory' stage of hypertrophy is associated with a greater ability to withstand oxidative stress. The mechanisms underlying this protected myocardial phenotype are poorly understood. We examined how a cellular model of hypertrophy deals with electrophilic insults, such as would occur upon ischaemia or in the failing heart. For this, we measured energetics in control and PE (phenylephrine)-treated NRCMs (neonatal rat cardiomyocytes) under basal conditions and when stressed with HNE (4-hydroxynonenal). PE treatment caused hypertrophy as indicated by augmented atrial natriuretic peptide and increased cellular protein content. Hypertrophied myocytes demonstrated a 2.5-fold increase in ATP-linked oxygen consumption and a robust augmentation of oligomycin-stimulated glycolytic flux and lactate production. Hypertrophied myocytes displayed a protected phenotype that was resistant to HNE-induced cell death and a unique bioenergetic response characterized by a delayed and abrogated rate of oxygen consumption and a 2-fold increase in glycolysis upon HNE exposure. This augmentation of glycolytic flux was not due to increased glucose uptake, suggesting that electrophile stress results in utilization of intracellular glycogen stores to support the increased energy demand. Hypertrophied myocytes also had an increased propensity to oxidize HNE to 4-hydroxynonenoic acid and sustained less protein damage due to acute HNE insults. Inhibition of aldehyde dehydrogenase resulted in bioenergetic collapse when myocytes were challenged with HNE. The integration of electrophile metabolism with glycolytic and mitochondrial energy production appears to be important for maintaining myocyte homoeostasis under conditions of increased oxidative stress.
Dimethylesculetin ameliorates maternal glucose intolerance and fetal overgrowth in high-fat diet-fed pregnant mice via constitutive androstane receptor.; The constitutive androstane receptor (CAR) has been reported to decrease insulin resistance along with obesity. 6,7-dimethylesculetin (DE) is an active component of Yin Zhi Huang which is a traditional Asian medicine used to treat neonatal jaundice via CAR. In this study, we examined whether DE could affect the expression of gluconeogenic and lipogenic genes via human CAR pathway using human HepG2 cells in vitro. We also studied whether DE treatment during pregnancy could prevent maternal hypertension, glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia, and fetal overgrowth in high-fat diet (HFD)-induced obese pregnant mice. Dimethylesculetin suppressed the mRNA expression of gluconeogenic genes, phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase and glucose-6-phosphatase, and lipogenic genes, sterol regulatory element-binding protein 1 and stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1, and enhanced CAR-mediated transcription. Blocking the CAR-mediated pathway abolished the effect of DE in vitro. DE treatment during pregnancy could prevent maternal hypertension, glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia, and fetal overgrowth in HFD-induced obese pregnant mice in vivo. Our data indicate that DE might be a potential therapeutic agent for obese pregnant patients with insulin resistance through CAR to prevent the perinatal outcomes such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and macrosomia. Further analysis of possible complications and side effects using animal models is required.
Impact of Pre-Existing Ischemic Heart Disease on Severe Maternal Morbidity and Mortality During Delivery Hospitalizations.; BACKGROUND: The impact of pre-existing ischemic heart disease (IHD) on pregnancy is incompletely described. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to compare adverse pregnancy outcomes between those with IHD and those with a cardiac diagnosis categorized by the modified World Health Organization classification and those without a cardiac diagnosis. METHODS: This retrospective study used the 2015 to 2018 Nationwide Readmissions Database. Delivery hospitalizations, comorbidities, and outcomes were identified using diagnosis and procedure codes. The exposure was isolated IHD. The primary outcome was severe maternal morbidity (SMM) or death during the delivery hospitalization, analyzed using adjusted relative risk (aRR) regression and weighted to account for the Nationwide Readmissions Database's complex survey methods. RESULTS: Of 11,556,136 delivery hospitalizations, 65,331 had another cardiac diagnosis, and 3,009 had IHD alone. Patients with IHD were older and had higher rates of diabetes and hypertension. In unadjusted analyses, adverse outcomes were more common among patients with IHD alone than among patients with no cardiac disease and modified World Health Organization class I-II disease. After adjustment, patients with IHD alone were associated with a higher risk of SMM or death (aRR: 1.51; 95% CI: 1.19-1.92) than those without a cardiac disease. In comparison, the aRR was 1.90 (95% CI: 1.76-2.06) for WHO class I-II diseases and 5.87 (95% CI: 5.49-6.27) for WHO II/III-IV diseases. Nontransfusion SMM or death (aRR: 1.60; 95% CI: 1.11-2.30) and cardiac SMM or death (aRR: 2.98; 95% CI: 1.75-5.08) were also higher for those with IHD. CONCLUSIONS: Isolated IHD in pregnancy is associated with worse outcomes than no cardiac disease during delivery hospitalization and approximates the risk associated with WHO I-II diagnoses.
Associations of the dietary approaches to stop hypertension (DASH) diet with pregnancy complications in Project Viva.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet has been shown to improve cardiometabolic outcomes in non-pregnant populations. Little is known regarding the impact of this diet on health during pregnancy. The objective of this research is to examine associations of adherence to the DASH diet with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and other pregnancy outcomes. SUBJECTS/METHODS: We conducted analyses with data that came from 1760 women in Project Viva, a Boston-area longitudinal cohort recruited in early pregnancy 1999-2002. We derived a DASH score using data from a food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) administered at median 11.1 weeks gestation. Next, we used multivariable linear regression models that accounted for the woman's age at enrollment, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), education, smoking habits, race/ethnicity, gestational weight gain (GWG) up until the time of the FFQ, and total energy intake to examine associations of the DASH score with HDP, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery (<37 weeks), birth size, and GWG from FFQ to delivery. Models for HDP and GDM were additionally mutually adjusted for each other. Because pre-pregnancy weight status may modify these relationships, we tested for interactions between pre-pregnancy BMI and the DASH score. RESULTS: Mean ± SD age of the women was 32.2 ± 4.9 years; 71.9% were white. Overall, the DASH diet score (mean: 24.0, SD: 5.0) was not associated with any of the pregnancy outcomes or complications. However, we found a positive association between the DASH diet and subsequent GWG among women who were obese before pregnancy (0.19 [95% CI: 0.05, 0.34], P ≤ 0.05 kg higher GWG per 1 unit DASH score). CONCLUSIONS: Adherence to DASH diet during early pregnancy does not appear to be protective against HDP or other adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Dietary behaviors and oral-systemic health in women.; The impact of dietary behaviors and food consumption and their relation to oral health are significant public health issues. Women and men exhibit different dietary behaviors. Understanding the influences of dietary behaviors on oral health from the perspective of gender disparities, however, is limited. This article provides the intersections of dietary factors and oral-systemic health for which women are at greater risk than men. Topics include the effect of dietary choices on oral health disparities seen in female patients. Interventional strategies at the local and community level that are designed to influence the balance between dietary habits and oral-systemic health are discussed.
The risk of metabolic derangements is higher in children and adolescents with overweight or obesity born small for gestational age.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Birth weight (BW) has been associated with the risk of obesity and metabolic derangements in children and adults. The aims of this study were: i. to evaluate the distribution of BW in a sample of overweight and obese children and adolescents compared with the general reference population; ii. to explore the relationship between the BW and insulin resistance and other cardiometabolic derangements in a population of children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. METHODS AND RESULTS: 710 overweight and obese children and adolescents were recruited and categorized into small (SGA), appropriate (AGA), and large (LGA) for gestational age, according to the BW percentile. Arterial blood pressure, lipid profile, glucose metabolism and hepatic steatosis were evaluated to assess cardiometabolic obesity-related derangements. The distribution of BW categories in our population was significantly different compared with the general population (SGA 6.9% vs. 8.6%, AGA 74.6% vs. 81.4%, LGA 18.5% vs. 10%; p < 0.0001). We found a higher frequency of prediabetes conditions (21.7% vs 8.9%, OR 2.97, 95% CI 1.38-6.38, p = 0.005) and borderline/high low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (31.8% vs 18.6%, OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.09-4.18, p = 0.033) in overweight and obese children born SGA compared to those born non-SGA, independently of age, sex, and BMI. CONCLUSIONS: BW is a risk factor of cardiometabolic derangements in a population of children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. Therefore, adequate obesity prevention strategies should be planned for children born SGA to minimize their risk to become obese and to reduce their short- and long-term cardiometabolic risks.
The difficult asthmatic.; A poor therapeutic response may be explained by incomplete or erroneous diagnostic assessment, by failure to employ optimal drug doses and combinations, or by inadequate attention to the non-pharmacologic aspects of management. Poor compliance and counterproductive patient attitudes may need to be addressed. These problems and the approach to asthma concomitant with other diseases are discussed.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy are Associated with Cardiovascular Disease in Middle- and Older-Aged Japanese Women.; AIM: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are estimated to occur in up to 10% of all pregnancies and are associated with an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic hypertension (HT). Therefore, we examined the impact of a history of HDP on CVD possibility in middle- and older-aged Japanese women. METHODS: We used the Tohoku Medical Megabank database to obtain the data of 26,024 menopausal women who were aged ≥ 50 years, had children, did not smoke, and did not have chronic kidney disease and to analyze the relationship between HDP history and CVD. RESULTS: A history of HDP was found in 4.6% of women. We divided the women into four groups according to the presence or absence of HDP and HT. The percentage of women with dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus, and body mass index of ≥ 25 kg/m(2) was the highest in the HDP＋ HT＋ group compared to the other groups (43.4%, 24.0%, and 45.2%, respectively). Adjusted odds ratio (OR) for the combined six CVD categories was higher for those with a history of HDP alone (OR [95% confidence interval [CI]]: 1.61 [1.03-2.53]). Moreover, the OR was significantly higher for those with combination with HDP history and HT (OR [95% CI]: 4.11 [3.16-5.35]). The prevalence of individual CVD was also the highest in the HT＋ HDP＋ group. CONCLUSION: An HDP history can influence the risk of CVD in Japanese women, indicating the importance of information about pregnancy outcomes in health management.
Vitamin D and health in the Mediterranean countries.; Vitamin D, traditionally well known for its role in maintaining optimal health through its contribution to calcium metabolism and skeletal health, has received increased attention over the past two decades, with considerable focus being placed on its nonskeletal benefits. This paper is a narrative review of the nonskeletal health benefits of vitamin D, of particular interest to inhabitants of Mediterranean countries, namely, autism, cancer, cardiovascular disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, dental caries, diabetes mellitus, erectile dysfunction, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, respiratory tract infections, all-cause mortality, and pregnancy and birth outcomes, because of the relatively high incidence and/or prevalence of these disorders in this region. Currently, the best evidence is coming out of observational studies related to serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations. Vitamin D clinical trials have generally been poorly designed and conducted, usually being based on vitamin D dose rather than 25(OH)D concentration. The optimal 25(OH)D concentration is above 75 nmol/l (30 ng/ml), with even better health outcomes in the range of 100-150 nmol/l. Achieving these concentrations with vitamin D(3) supplements will require 1000-4000 IU/day of vitamin D(3). Sensible sun exposure should also be encouraged. Countries should also consider fortifying grain and dairy products with vitamin D(3).
Endothelial Dysfunction and Pregnant COVID-19 Patients with Thrombophilia: A Narrative Review.; Pregnancy with SARS-CoV-2 infection can raise the risk of many complications, including severe COVID-19 and maternal-fetal adverse outcomes. Additionally, endothelial damage occurs as a result of direct SARS-CoV-2 infection, as well as immune system, cardiovascular, and thrombo-inflammatory reactions. In this narrative review, we focus on endothelial dysfunction (ED) in pregnancy, associated with obstetric complications, such as preeclampsia, fetal growth retardation, gestational diabetes, etc., and SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnant women that can cause ED itself and overlap with other pregnancy complications. We also discuss some shared mechanisms of SARS-CoV-2 pathophysiology and ED.
[Reproductive/Developmental Abnormalities Induced by Epigenetic Aberrations and Possible Environmental Causes].; Foetal environmental factors, including maternal nutrition, hormonal disturbance, and chemical exposure, affect foetal growth and can cause birth defects. Recent studies have shown the link of poor foetal growth with increased risks of coronary heart disease, type II diabetes, kidney disease, and brain disorders in adulthood. Epigenetic modifications, such as DNA methylation and histone modifications, are involved in tissue- and developmental stage-specific gene expression and silencing, and they can be transmitted stably through mitotic cell division, thereby inducing long-term changes in gene regulation. Developmental programming during the foetal period, therefore, could affect adult health through epigenetic mechanisms. In fact, many studies using animal models have demonstrated that nutrient manipulation during pregnancy induces epigenetic alterations at specific loci or globally in the offspring. In this review, we summarize our findings that elucidate the effects of in utero environments on the human placental epigenome.
[Ethanol metabolism and pathobiochemistry of organ damage--1992. IV. Ethanol in relation to the cardiovascular system. Hematologic, immunologic, endocrine disorders and muscle and bone damage caused by ethanol. Fetal alcohol syndrome].; Peripheral vasodilatation with increased cardiac output, tachycardia and increased blood pressure are described after alcohol administration. An increased HDL-cholesterol is found in moderate drinkers (both HDL-2 and HDL-3 fractions), with diminishing risk of coronary heart diseases. Acute ethanol intake causes an increased the level of triglycerides without changes in HDL-cholesterol level. This may be put into correlation with higher incidence of cardiovascular diseases in so-called "week-end" drinkers. Alcohol abuse may result in central diabetes insipidus. An increased elimination of lactate diminishes tubular secretion of uric acid with subsequent secondary hyperuricemia. Ethanol reduced the number of lymphocytes, reduces phagocytosis by macrophages and diminishes the activity of NK-cells. Bone marrow cellulity diminishes with the subsequent reduction in erythropoiesis, trombopoiesis and leukopoiesis. Alcohol may cause sideropenic and megaloblastic anemia. There are two forms of alcohol muscle injury: the acute one, with myonecrosis and inflammatory reaction, and chronic one, with muscle weakness and atrophy. Alcohol is one of etiologic factors of osteoporosis. An acute intoxication result in transitory hypoparatthyreoidism, while chronic ethanol intake make grow the PTH level and decreases the level of D vitamin metabolises. Stimulation of cortisol secretion, decrease of testosterone level and a reversible decrease of T3 and T4 levels have been described following ethanol administration. Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis suffers alteration in alcoholics, and secondary amenorrhea is observed in female alcoholics. Ethanol behaves as an agonist on GABA receptor. Fetal alcohol syndrome together with Down's syndrome and spina bifida are the most frequent reasons of mental retardation in developed countries. Toxicity of ethanol affects the whole pregnancy period.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Valvular heart disease during pregnancy: a clinical case and a literature review.; BACKGROUND: As a result of improved diagnostic and reparative techniques, congenital heart diseases are becoming a significant problem for women of childbearing age. Nowadays, more pregnant women in the West are being diagnosed with an acquired heart disease because of the tendency to delay childbearing and increasing age-related risk of developing complications of hypertension, diabetes, obesity and other diseases. According to the Lithuanian Health Information Centre, the incidence of cardiovascular diseases in pregnancy is decreasing in Lithuania, from 1.4% in 2014 to 1% in 2016 (1). Heart diseases can aggravate maternal adaptive capabilities and complications that pose a threat to mother and foetus can occur. Management of such conditions presents a serious therapeutic challenge to multidisciplinary team. The aim of this article is to discuss the course of pregnancy and peculiarities of maternal and foetal care in a woman with hemodynamically significant heart disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We present a clinical case of a 30-year-old nuliparous woman who was diagnosed with mitral valve disease with critical stenosis, grade II/III mitral valve insufficiency, moderate-severe pulmonary hypertension, heart failure stage C, and NYHA functional class II. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in conjunction with heart disease is a complicated condition that requires multidisciplinary prenatal care (consisting of an obstetrician gynaecologist, cardiologist, anaesthesiologist). Low molecular weight heparins should be the first choice medication for antithrombotic prophylaxis. Since pregnancy can aggravate a heart disease, preconception counselling and evaluation of the heart function are recommended.
Maternal exposure to dexamethasone or cortisol in early pregnancy differentially alters insulin secretion and glucose homeostasis in adult male sheep offspring.; An adverse intrauterine environment increases the risk of developing various adult-onset diseases, whose nature varies with the timing of exposure. Maternal undernutrition in humans can increase adiposity, and the risk of coronary heart disease and impaired glucose tolerance in adult life, which may be partly mediated by maternal or fetal endocrine stress responses. In sheep, dexamethasone in early pregnancy impairs cardiovascular function, but not glucose homeostasis in adult female offspring. However, male offspring are often more susceptible to early life "programming". Pregnant sheep were infused intravenously with saline (0.19 ml/h), dexamethasone (0.48 mg/h), or cortisol (5 mg/h), for 2 days from 26 to 28 days of gestation. In male offspring, size at birth and postnatal growth were measured, and glucose tolerance [intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT)], insulin secretion, and insulin sensitivity of glucose, alpha-amino nitrogen, and free fatty acid metabolism were assessed at 4 yr of age. We show that cortisol, but not dexamethasone, treatment of mothers causes fasting hyperglycemia in adult male offspring. Maternal cortisol induced a second-phase hyperinsulinemia during IVGTT, whereas maternal dexamethasone induced a first-phase hyperinsulinemia. Dexamethasone improved glucose tolerance, while cortisol had no impact, and neither affected insulin sensitivity. This suggests that maternal glucocorticoid exposure in early pregnancy alters glucose homeostasis and induces hyperinsulinemia in adult male offspring, but in a glucocorticoid-specific manner. These consequences of glucocorticoid exposure in early pregnancy may lead to pancreatic exhaustion and diabetes longer term and are consistent with stress during early pregnancy contributing to such outcomes in humans.
The clinical implications of impaired glucose tolerance.; Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) was introduced in 1979 as an intermediate category covering the grey area between unequivocal diabetes mellitus and risk free more normal glucose tolerance. The IGT group included those at high risk of subsequent development of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) but low risk of specific diabetic complications. Categorisation of subjects as IGT is hampered by the variability of the oral glucose tolerance test, but even those shown to be IGT only once are at increased risk of developing NIDDM. The relative roles of inheritance, fetal undernutrition, and environmental life style factors (physical inactivity and diet) in the aetiology and pathogenesis of IGT are discussed, with all contributing. The prevalence of IGT in different populations has now been widely studied with values ranging from 2 to 25% in adults. Rates of progression to NIDDM also vary widely from 2 to 14% per year. Risk factors for progression are discussed. IGT also carries an increased risk of development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and forms part of the "metabolic syndrome". The role of insulin resistance as a common aetiological factor is briefly reviewed. Finally, possible means of treatment of IGT are listed with the intent of delaying the onset of diabetes and CVD, which is of obvious clinical importance.
PP158. Hypertensive disorders in pregnant women affected by type I diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: Type I diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increased incidence of hypertensive disorders. OBJECTIVES: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the incidence of hypertensive disorders in pregnant women affected by type I diabetes and pregnancy outcome in women with and without hypertension. METHODS: One hundred seventy two pregnancies in 150 women affected by type I diabetes were assessed. Twelve pregnancies were excluded (8 because of spontaneous abortions, 1 for voluntary abortion and 3 twin pregnancies), and 160 pregnancies were considered for the study. RESULTS: Twenty-five pregnancies (15.6%) were complicated by hypertensive disorders: 4.4% by chronic hypertension (CH), 5% by gestational hypertension (GH), 4.4% by preeclampsia (PE) and 1.8% by preeclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension (PE+CH); 32% of the women presented a vascular disease (renal or retinal disease). The diabetic women with hypertensive complications were compared with diabetic women without hypertension. The main results are shown in Table 1. Significant differences in mean birth weight and mean gestational age were found. The group affected by preeclampsia showed 14.7% of small for gestational age (SGA) neonates (birth weight percentile less than 10th pc), and 57.1% of large for gestational age (LGA) neonates (birth weight percentile greater than 90th pc), two of them were over 4000 g. Only one case of very preterm delivery (<32 weeks) was observed in the sample. CONCLUSION: As expected, the incidence of hypertensive disorders in population affected by type 1 diabetes is higher than in general population and a poor pregnancy outcome was observed in this group of women. However, the neonatal outcome of women affected by preeclampsia is not different from that observed in women without hypertensive complications (diabetic controls) in terms of mean birth weight despite a significantly lower mean week gestation at delivery.
PPAR-gamma signaling pathway in placental development and function: a potential therapeutic target in the treatment of gestational diseases.; BACKGROUND: PPAR-gamma is a target for the treatment of metabolic disorders, as Pioglitazone and Rosiglitazone are already used against type 2 diabetes. Pleiotropic functions, such as antiproliferative and anti-inflammatory effects against several pathological states, including cardiovascular disease and cancer, are currently being explored in clinical studies. OBJECTIVE: Evidence indicates that PPAR-gamma is expressed in the placenta, playing a crucial role in placental development and function, while PPAR-gamma ligands appear to modulate fetal membrane signals. Thus, in the last few years, the pivotal role of PPAR-gamma in placental biology has been the focus of extensive research, as diabetes appears to be the most common metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy. METHODS: We aim to present data concerning the expression of PPAR-gamma in animal and human placenta, underlining its significance in normal placental development and several gestational diseases. The effects of PPAR-gamma ligands as modulators of placental biology in normal and certain pathological conditions are also discussed. RESULTS/CONCLUSION: Current research provides substantial evidence that PPAR-gamma plays a pivotal role in placental biology and may reveal new perspectives in the treatment of gestational diseases.
Nutrition in early life and age-associated diseases.; The prevalence of age-associated disease is increasing at a striking rate globally. It is known that a strong association exists between a suboptimal maternal and/or early-life environment and increased propensity of developing age-associated disease, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), type-2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity. The dissection of underlying molecular mechanisms to explain this phenomenon, which is known as 'developmental programming' is still emerging; however three common mechanisms have emerged in many models of developmental programming. These mechanisms are (a) changes in tissue structure, (b) epigenetic regulation and (c) accelerated cellular ageing. This review will examine the epidemiological evidence and the animal models of suboptimal maternal environments, focusing upon these molecular mechanisms and will discuss the progress being made in the development of safe and effective intervention strategies which ultimately could target those 'programmed' individuals who are known to be at-risk of age-associated disease.
Endothelial function is impaired in fit young adults of low birth weight.; OBJECTIVE: Non-insulin-dependent diabetes, hypertension and ischaemic heart disease, with insulin resistance, are associated with low birth weight (the 'Small Baby Syndrome'). Common to these adult clinical conditions is endothelial dysfunction. We tested the hypothesis that endothelial dysfunction could precede their development in those of low birth weight. METHODS: Endothelial function was measured by ultrasonic 'wall-tracking' of flow-related brachial artery dilatation in fit 19-20 year old subjects randomly selected (blind to the investigators throughout the study) from low (< 2.5 kg) and normal (3.0-3.8 kg) birth weight subjects in the 1975-7 cohort of the Cardiff Births Survey and with no known cause for endothelial dysfunction. RESULTS: Flow-related dilatation was impaired in low birth weight relative to normal birth weight subjects (median 0.04 mm [1.5%] [n = 22] cf. 0.11 mm [4.1%] [n = 17], p < 0.05; 0.04 mm [1.5%] [n = 15] cf. 0.12 mm [4.4%] [n = 12], p < 0.05 after exclusion of inadvertently included ever-smokers). CONCLUSION: The findings suggest that endothelial dysfunction is a consequence of foetal malnutrition, consistent with contributing to the clinical features of the 'Small Baby Syndrome' in later adult life.
Paternal programming of offspring cardiometabolic diseases in later life.; Early - intrauterine - environmental factors are linked to the development of cardiovascular disease in later life. Traditionally, these factors are considered to be maternal factors such as maternal under and overnutrition, exposure to toxins, lack of micronutrients, and stress during pregnancy. However, in the recent years, it became obvious that also paternal environmental factors before conception and during sperm development determine the health of the offspring in later life. We will first describe clinical observational studies providing evidence for paternal programming of adulthood diseases in progeny. Next, we describe key animal studies proving this relationship, followed by a detailed analysis of our current understanding of the underlying molecular mechanisms of paternal programming. Alterations of noncoding sperm micro-RNAs, histone acetylation, and targeted as well as global DNA methylation seem to be in particular involved in paternal programming of offspring's diseases in later life.
Insulin resistance in children and adolescents.; IR is hypothesized to be the important pathophysiologic link between adiposity and future development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. A variety of methods for measuring IR have been validated in children, from the gold-standard hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp, to simple fasting measures based on fasting insulin and glucose levels. Studies have shown that there are a number of important risk factors for IR in children, including adiposity and visceral adiposity, race/ethnicity, puberty, a family history of type 2 diabetes, sex, and being small for gestational age or prematurity. However, obesity represents the critical risk factor for IR in children. Greater than 50% of obese adolescents in the US have IR. Formal assessment of IR in obese children may represent an important strategy for improving the efficacy of pharmacologic therapy for weight loss and chronic disease prevention.
A Western-style obesogenic diet alters maternal metabolic physiology with consequences for fetal nutrient acquisition in mice.; KEY POINTS: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy, although their effects on the metabolism of the mother, in relation to feto-placental glucose utilization and growth, are unknown. In the present study, the consumption of an obesogenic HFHS diet compromised maternal glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy in association with dysregulated lipid and glucose handling by the dam. These maternal metabolic changes induced by HFHS feeding were related to altered feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume obesogenic diets during pregnancy. ABSTRACT: In the Western world, obesogenic diets containing high fat and high sugar (HFHS) are commonly consumed during pregnancy. However, the impacts of a HFHS diet during pregnancy on maternal insulin sensitivity and signalling in relation to feto-placental growth and glucose utilization are unknown. The present study examined the effects of a HFHS diet during mouse pregnancy on maternal glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, as well as, on feto-placental glucose metabolism. Female mice were fed a control or HFHS diet from day (D) 1 of pregnancy (term = D20.5). At D16 or D19, dams were assessed for body composition, metabolite and hormone concentrations, tissue abundance of growth and metabolic signalling pathways, glucose tolerance and utilization and insulin sensitivity. HFHS feeding perturbed maternal insulin sensitivity in late pregnancy; hepatic insulin sensitivity was higher, whereas sensitivity of the skeletal muscle and white adipose tissue was lower in HFHS than control dams. These changes were accompanied by increased adiposity and reduced glucose production and glucose tolerance of HFHS dams. The HFHS diet also disturbed the hormone and metabolite milieu and altered expression of growth and metabolic signalling pathways in maternal tissues. Furthermore, HFHS feeding was associated with impaired feto-placental glucose metabolism and growth. A HFHS diet during pregnancy therefore causes maternal metabolic dysfunction with consequences for maternal nutrient allocation for fetal growth. These findings have implications for the health of women and their infants, who consume HFHS diets during pregnancy.
Oral infections and systemic diseases.; An association between periodontal infection and CVD has been revealed in some epidemiologic studies, whereas other studies were unable to demonstrate such an association. A link between the two diseases may be explained by shared established or nonestablished risk factors. Future studies with extended control of confounding factors and intervention studies may add to the understanding of a possible relationship between the diseases. In some cases, IE is caused by dental plaque bacteria. Several studies are suggestive of oral bacteria causing respiratory infection. The pathogenesis and course of a number of other diseases including DM and rheumatoid arthritis have been associated wish periodontitis, but more research is necessary to elucidate possible pathogenic interactions.
Khat (Catha edulis): health aspects of khat chewing.; Catha edulis Forsk leaves (khat) are chewed daily by a high proportion of the adult population in Yemen for the mild stimulant effect. Cathinone is believed to be the main active ingredient in fresh khat leaves and is structurally related and pharmacologically similar to amphetamine. The habit of khat chewing is widespread with a deep-rooted sociocultural tradition in Yemen and as such poses a public health problem. The objective of this literature review was to examine studies on khat, particularly human studies, with special reference to its effect on the central nervous system, cardiovascular, digestive and genitourinary systems, oral-dental tissues, diabetes mellitus and cancer.
The Intersection of Cardiovascular Health and Maternal Health: Portfolio Analysis of Federal Grant Funding 2016-2021.; Background: The United States has high and increasing rates of maternal morbidity and mortality, large proportions of which are related to cardiovascular health (CVH). Methods: We searched for National Institutes of Health (NIH) supported research as well as that of two other Agencies in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) for fiscal years (FY) 2016-2021. Grants included maternal health conditions or exposures across all pregnancy stages, but excluded grants that focused entirely on birth, neonatal, infant/childhood outcomes. Results were manually curated by reviewing the abstract and specific aims. Grants deemed to be relevant were grouped by category. Results: Between FY 2016-2021, overall Maternal Health grants remained unchanged at an average of 1.4% of total DHHS grant funding. Maternal CVH-specific (MCVH) funding amounted to $278,926,105 for 755 grants, $191,344,649 was for 534 Type-1 grants, representing a twofold increase. Non-NIH DHHS agencies most commonly funded general Maternal Health related to CVH; NIH focused funding classified as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, maternal morbidity and mortality, obesity, and diabetes. Non-NIH DHSS Agencies most commonly funded clinical applied research. In addition to clinical applied grants, NIH funded substantial proportions of grants classified as basic research, clinical trials, and/or translational. National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) MCVH grants studied participants in the pre-partum period (78.5%), followed by the post-partum period (50.5%), with relatively few in pre-pregnancy and peri-partum periods (10.8% and 9.7%, respectively); at the NIH level, the peri-partum period had better representation at 20.3%, whereas the pre-pregnancy period remained low at 9.9%. Conclusions: Federal grant funding for maternal health including MCVH increased at the same rate as its funding for overall research, and represented only 1.4% of overall total funding. The pre-pregnancy period was understudied in overall NIH funding and represents a gap area whereby funding agencies could further foster research advances.
Fetal sex and perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship of fetal sex with obstetric risk factors and perinatal outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective study of deliveries during 2003-2009 at a tertiary hospital based on the analysis of obstetric and neonatal risk variables according to neonatal sex. RESULTS: Of the 29,530 deliveries studied, the neonate was a boy in 15,038 (50.92%) and a girl in 14,492 (49.08%). The rates of gestational diabetes, prematurity, true umbilical cord knot and nuchal cord were higher for male newborns, whereas the rate of echographic diagnosis of intrauterine fetal growth retardation was higher for female newborns. Mothers of male fetuses had higher rates of cesarean delivery and instrumental vaginal delivery. The indication for ending labor due to the non-reassuring fetal heart rate was also more frequent among male newborns. This group had higher rates of acidemia, although there were no significant differences between sexes in other short-term neonatal outcomes. In all subgroups analyzed here, fetal weight was higher in male newborns. CONCLUSIONS: Male sex is an independent risk factor for unfavorable outcomes of pregnancy and delivery.
Association of maternal G protein beta3 subunit 825T allele with low birthweight.; Weight at birth has been associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in adult life. We found an association between the maternal G protein beta3 subunit 825T allele and low birthweight in babies born to women without other risks for reduced fetal growth.
Obesity, insulin resistance, and pregnancy outcome.; There has been a significant increase over the past few decades in the number of reproductive age women who are either overweight or obese. Overweight and obese women are at increased risk for having decreased insulin sensitivity as compared with lean or average weight women. The combination of obesity and decreased insulin sensitivity increases the long-term risk of these individuals developing the metabolic syndrome and associated problems of diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disorders. Because of the metabolic alterations during normal pregnancy, particularly the 60% decrease in insulin sensitivity, overweight and obese women are at increased risk of metabolic dysregulation in pregnancy, i.e. gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal overgrowth. Hence, pregnancy can be considered as a metabolic stress test for the future risk of the metabolic syndrome. In this review, we will review the underlying pathophysiology related to these disorders. Most importantly, an understanding of these risks provides an opportunity for prevention. For example, a planned pregnancy offers an opportunity to address weight control prior to conception. At the very least, by avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy, this may prevent excessive weight retention post partum. Finally, based on the concept of in utero programming, these lifestyle measures may not only have short- and long-term benefits for the woman but also for her offspring as well.
Normal value of pulsatility index of umbilical artery in second and third trimester of pregnancy.; This cross sectional study was carried out on 60 pregnant Bangladeshi women in the department of Radiology and Imaging, BIRDEM for measurement of Pulsatility Index (PI) of umbilical artery of their fetuses by duplex colour Doppler sonography during 2nd and 3rd trimester of pregnancies. Considering total 2nd and 3rd trimesters the mean PI value of umbilical artery was 1.24 (SD +/- 0.27). While considering the gestational in separate trimesters, study showed that the value of PI in 2nd trimester was 1.33 (SD +/- 0.29) and in 3rd trimester PI was 1.18 (SD +/- 0.25). Paired t test shows there was a highly significant (t = 35.79, df = 59, Level of significance = 0.001) difference between mean values of PI in different gestational ages. It was observed that there was gradual decrease of PI value with increase of gestational age (r = -0.207) but this decrease of PI was not statistically significant (p = 0.113). Regression analysis between dependent PI value and independent gestational age showed linear negative relationship but this was not statistically significant (p = 0.11). This study revealed that the Pulsatility index of umbilical artery was decreased with increase of gestational age from 2nd to 3rd trimester.
Association Between Adverse Childhood Experiences and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between adverse childhood experiences and adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This cohort study included individuals who enrolled in a perinatal collaborative mental health care program (COMPASS [the Collaborative Care Model for Perinatal Depression Support Services]) between 2017 and 2021. Participants completed psychosocial self-assessments, including an adverse childhood experiences screen. The primary exposure was adverse childhood experiences measured by the ACE (adverse childhood experience) score, which was evaluated as a dichotomized variable, with a high ACE score defined as greater than three. Secondary analyses used the ACE score as a continuous variable. Adverse pregnancy outcomes including gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) births were abstracted from the electronic health record. Bivariable and multivariable analyses were performed, including mediation analyses. RESULTS: Of the 1,274 women with a completed adverse childhood experiences screen, 904 (71%) reported one or more adverse childhood experiences, and 290 (23%) reported a high ACE score (more than three adverse childhood experiences). Adverse childhood experience scores were not associated with gestational diabetes or SGA births. After controlling for potential confounders, individuals with high ACE score had 1.55-fold (95% CI 1.06-2.26) increased odds of having hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and 2.03-fold (95% CI 1.38-2.99) increased odds of preterm birth. Each point increase in ACE score was not associated with a statistically increased odds of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.07, 95% CI 0.99-1.15); however, each additional point on the adverse childhood experiences screen was associated with increased odds of preterm birth (aOR 1.13, 95% CI 1.05-1.22). Mediation analyses demonstrated tobacco use, chronic medical problems, and obesity each partially mediated the observed association between high ACE scores and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Having chronic medical comorbidities partially mediated the observed association between high ACE scores and preterm birth. CONCLUSION: One in four individuals referred to a perinatal mental health program who were pregnant or postpartum had a high ACE score. Having a high ACE score was associated with an increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth. These results underscore how remote events may reverberate through the life course.
Nuclear magnetic resonance imaging--a new look at the fetus.; A new form of obstetric imaging using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) has been assessed for use in pregnancy. A total of 92 examinations were performed in 62 women during the second and third trimesters in both normal and complicated pregnancies including 14 with diabetes, six with pre-eclampsia and four with intrauterine growth retardation. Our experience has shown that NMR imaging gives excellent differentiation of both maternal and fetal tissues, and because of complete penetration both superficial and deep structures have been clearly identified. The best fetal images were obtained most consistently in the third trimester providing good detail of brain, lungs, liver, heart, bladder, subcutaneous fat, placenta and umbilical cord while maternal tissues were clearly seen at all gestations. As this form of imaging uses no ionizing radiation it offers an alternative means with unique capabilities for investigating pregnancy.
Dyslipemias and pregnancy, an update.; During pregnancy there is a physiological increase in total cholesterol (TC) and triglycerides (TG) plasma concentrations, due to increased insulin resistance, oestrogens, progesterone, and placental lactogen, although their reference values are not exactly known, TG levels can increase up to 300mg/dL, and TC can go as high as 350mg/dL. When the cholesterol concentration exceeds the 95(th) percentile (familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) and transient maternal hypercholesterolaemia), there is a predisposition to oxidative stress in foetal vessels, exposing the newborn to a greater fatty streaks formation and a higher risk of atherosclerosis. However, the current treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidaemia consists of a diet and suspension of lipid-lowering drugs. The most prevalent maternal hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is due to secondary causes, like diabetes, obesity, drugs, etc. The case of severe HTG due to genetic causes is less prevalent, and can be a higher risk of maternal-foetal complications, such as, acute pancreatitis (AP), pre-eclampsia, preterm labour, and gestational diabetes. Severe HTG-AP is a rare but potentially lethal pregnancy complication, for the mother and the foetus, usually occurs during the third trimester or in the immediate postpartum period, and there are no specific protocols for its diagnosis and treatment. In conclusion, it is crucial that dyslipidaemia during pregnancy must be carefully evaluated, not just because of the acute complications, but also because of the future cardiovascular morbidity and mortality of the newborn child. That is why the establishment of consensus protocols or guidelines is essential for its management.
Insulin in the brain: there and back again.; Insulin performs unique functions within the CNS. Produced nearly exclusively by the pancreas, insulin crosses the blood-brain barrier (BBB) using a saturable transporter, affecting feeding and cognition through CNS mechanisms largely independent of glucose utilization. Whereas peripheral insulin acts primarily as a metabolic regulatory hormone, CNS insulin has an array of effects on brain that may more closely resemble the actions of the ancestral insulin molecule. Brain endothelial cells (BECs), the cells that form the vascular BBB and contain the transporter that translocates insulin from blood to brain, are themselves regulated by insulin. The insulin transporter is altered by physiological and pathological factors including hyperglycemia and the diabetic state. The latter can lead to BBB disruption. Pericytes, pluripotent cells in intimate contact with the BECs, protect the integrity of the BBB and its ability to transport insulin. Most of insulin's known actions within the CNS are mediated through two canonical pathways, the phosphoinositide-3 kinase (PI3)/Akt and Ras/mitogen activated kinase (MAPK) cascades. Resistance to insulin action within the CNS, sometimes referred to as diabetes mellitus type III, is associated with peripheral insulin resistance, but it is possible that variable hormonal resistance syndromes exist so that resistance at one tissue bed may be independent of that at others. CNS insulin resistance is associated with Alzheimer's disease, depression, and impaired baroreceptor gain in pregnancy. These aspects of CNS insulin action and the control of its entry by the BBB are likely only a small part of the story of insulin within the brain.
Care of girls and women with Turner syndrome: a guideline of the Turner Syndrome Study Group.; OBJECTIVES: The objective of this work is to provide updated guidelines for the evaluation and treatment of girls and women with Turner syndrome (TS). PARTICIPANTS: The Turner Syndrome Consensus Study Group is a multidisciplinary panel of experts with relevant clinical and research experience with TS that met in Bethesda, Maryland, April 2006. The meeting was supported by the National Institute of Child Health and unrestricted educational grants from pharmaceutical companies. EVIDENCE: The study group used peer-reviewed published information to form its principal recommendations. Expert opinion was used where good evidence was lacking. CONSENSUS: The study group met for 3 d to discuss key issues. Breakout groups focused on genetic, cardiological, auxological, psychological, gynecological, and general medical concerns and drafted recommendations for presentation to the whole group. Draft reports were available for additional comment on the meeting web site. Synthesis of the section reports and final revisions were reviewed by e-mail and approved by whole-group consensus. CONCLUSIONS: We suggest that parents receiving a prenatal diagnosis of TS be advised of the broad phenotypic spectrum and the good quality of life observed in TS in recent years. We recommend that magnetic resonance angiography be used in addition to echocardiography to evaluate the cardiovascular system and suggest that patients with defined cardiovascular defects be cautioned in regard to pregnancy and certain types of exercise. We recommend that puberty should not be delayed to promote statural growth. We suggest a comprehensive educational evaluation in early childhood to identify potential attention-deficit or nonverbal learning disorders. We suggest that caregivers address the prospect of premature ovarian failure in an open and sensitive manner and emphasize the critical importance of estrogen treatment for feminization and for bone health during the adult years. All individuals with TS require continued monitoring of hearing and thyroid function throughout the lifespan. We suggest that adults with TS be monitored for aortic enlargement, hypertension, diabetes, and dyslipidemia.
Fetal growth and adult disease.; Current knowledge on associations between variations in fetal growth on the one hand and blood pressure, noninsulin dependent diabetes, coronary heart disease and cancer in adulthood on the other is reviewed and related to more conventional preoccupations of perinatal epidemiology. Commonly used definitions and indicators of impaired fetal growth, possible explanations and mechanisms of the association between fetal growth impairment and later disease, and the concept and operational definitions of programming are discussed. Implications and research priorities that can be derived from this information are presented.
A meta-analysis into the mediatory effects of family planning utilization on complications of pregnancy in women of reproductive age.; BACKGROUND: Despite conflicting findings in the current literature regarding the correlation between contraceptives and maternal health consequences, statistical analyses indicate that family planning may decrease the occurrence of such outcomes. Consequently, it is crucial to assess the capability of family planning to mitigate adverse maternal health outcomes. OBJECTIVES: This review investigates the effects of modern contraceptive use on maternal health. SEARCH METHODS: This systematic review is registered on Prospero (CRD42022332783). We searched numerous databases with an upper date limit of February 2022 and no geographical boundaries. SELECTION CRITERIA: We included observational studies, including cross-sectional, cohort, case-control studies, and non-RCT with a comparison group. We excluded systematic reviews, scoping reviews, narrative reviews, and meta-analyses from the body of this review. MAIN RESULTS: The review included nineteen studies, with five studies reporting a reduction in maternal mortality linked to increased access to family planning resources and contraceptive use. Another three studies examined the impact of contraception on the risk of preeclampsia and our analysis found that preeclampsia risk was lower by approximately 6% among contraceptive users (95% CI 0.82-1.13) compared to non-users. Two studies assessed the effect of hormonal contraceptives on postpartum glucose tolerance and found that low-androgen contraception was associated with a reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.58-1.22), while DMPA injection was possibly linked to a higher risk of falling glucose status postpartum (OR 1.42, 95% CI 0.85-2.36). Two studies evaluated high-risk pregnancies and births in contraceptive users versus non-users, with the risk ratio being 30% lower among contraceptive users of any form (95% CI 0.61, 0.80). None of these results were statistically significant except the latter. In terms of adverse maternal health outcomes, certain contraceptives were found to be associated with ectopic pregnancy and pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism through additional analysis.
Gestational Diabetes.; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is characterized by glucose intolerance first manifesting during pregnancy and is an important driver for fetal macrosomia, birth injury, and neonatal metabolic alterations--particularly when persistent maternal hyperglycemia exists. Individuals with GDM face short term complications such as cesarean section and hypertensive disorders, and significantly increased risk for type 2 diabetes over the subsequent 10-20 years. Many of these concerns may be moderated with lifestyle and pharmacotherapeutic interventions to reduce maternal hyperglycemia and thereby improve maternal and neonatal health. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Postpartum wound and bleeding complications in women who received peripartum anticoagulation.; INTRODUCTION: The objective of this study was to compare wound and bleeding complications between women who received anticoagulation after cesarean delivery due to history of prior venous thromboembolic disease, arterial disease, or being a thrombophilia carrier with adverse pregnancy outcome, to women not receiving anticoagulation. METHODS: Women in the Duke Thrombosis Center Registry who underwent cesarean delivery during 2003-2011 and received postpartum anticoagulation (anticoagulation group, n=77), were compared with a subset of women who delivered during the same time period, but did not receive anticoagulation (no anticoagulation group, n=77). The no anticoagulation group comprised women who were matched to the anticoagulation group by age, body mass index, type of cesarean (no labor vs. labor), and date of delivery. Bleeding and wound complications were compared between the two groups. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed to determine if anticoagulation was an independent predictor of wound complication. RESULTS: Women who received anticoagulation during pregnancy had a greater incidence of wound complications compared to those who did not (30% vs. 8%, p<0.001). Using multivariable logistic regression, while controlling for race, diabetes, chorioamnionitis, and aspirin use, anticoagulation predicted the development of any wound complication (OR 5.8, 95% CI 2.2, 17.6), but there were no differences in the mean estimated blood loss at delivery (782 vs. 778 ml, p=0.91), change in postpartum hematocrit (5.4 vs. 5.2%, p=0.772), or percent of women receiving blood products (6.5 vs. 1.3%, p=0.209) between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Anticoagulation following cesarean delivery is associated with an increased risk of post-cesarean wound complications, but not other postpartum bleeding complications.
Risk factors in the origin of congenital left-ventricular outflow-tract obstruction defects of the heart: a population-based case-control study.; The aim of our project was to study possible etiological factors in the origin of congenital heart defects (CHDs) because in the majority of patients the underlying causes are unclear. Cases with different CHD entities as homogeneously as possible were planned for evaluation in the population-based large data set of the Hungarian Case Control Surveillance of Congenital Abnormalities. Dead or surgically corrected 302 live-born cases with different types of left-ventricular outflow tract obstructive defects (LVOT, i.e., valvular aortic stenosis 76, hypoplastic left heart syndrome 76, coarctation of the aorta 113, and other congenital anomalies of aorta 32) were compared with 469 matched controls, 38,151 controls without any defects, and 20,750 malformed controls with other isolated defects. Medically recorded pregnancy complications and chronic diseases were evaluated based on prenatal maternity logbooks, whereas acute diseases, drug treatments, and folic acid/multivitamin supplementation were analyzed both on the basis of retrospective maternal information and medical records. The results of the study showed the role of maternal diabetes in the origin of LVOT in general, while panic disorder was associated with a higher risk of hypoplastic left heart syndrome and ampicillin treatment with a higher risk of coarctation of the aorta (COA). High doses of folic acid had a protective effect regarding the manifestation of LVOT, particularly COA. In conclusion, only a minor portion of causes was shown in our study; thus, further studies are needed to understand better the underlying causal factors in the origin of LVOT.
Prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at or beyond 39 weeks gestational age and associated maternal complications.; OBJECTIVE: Estimate the prevalence of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) at term, define population characteristics, and calculate adverse maternal outcomes. METHODS: Retrospective study. RESULTS: We included 4,702,468 pregnancies. HDP increased linearly from 4.5% (2014) to 6.0% (2018). HDP was more frequent among black (PR 1.19), obese (PR 2.31 to 3.70), with gestational (PR 1.87) or pregestational diabetes (PR 2.16). Increased transfusion (PR 2.52), intensive care unit admission (PR 3.38), and unplanned hysterectomy (PR 1.78) with HDP. CONCLUSION: Our study quantifies the increased risks for maternal and neonatal complications related to the development of HDP at or beyond 39 weeks among nulliparous women.
Preeclampsia: effect on newborn blood pressure in the 3 days following preterm birth: a cohort study.; Maternal hypertension and preeclampsia are associated with greater risk of hypertension in childhood, and cardiovascular events in adulthood. However, whether preeclampsia affects blood pressure (BP) in the newborn period is unclear. Previous neonatal studies were based on small sample sizes, very low birth weight or gestational age or limited duration (h). To delineate hemodynamic repercussions of maternal preeclampsia on preterm infants (gestational ages ⩾29 weeks) with/without intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) in the first 3 postnatal days, we conducted a single-centre retrospective cohort study of singleton births at 29-35 weeks of gestation in Montreal, Canada, from 2008 to 2011. Data were obtained from medical charts. Exclusion criteria included congenital anomalies, infections, pre-pregnancy maternal hypertension and gestational diabetes. IUGR was defined as birth weight <10th percentile. Of the 338 eligible neonates, 230 were included: 75 preeclampsia-IUGR, 72 preeclampsia-only and 83 controls. The preeclampsia-IUGR group had longer gestations than the preeclampsia-only or control groups (32.4±1.8 vs. 31.3±1.6 vs. 31.7±1.6 weeks, respectively; P<0.001). Mean BPs increased over the first 3 days for all newborns (P<0.001). Infants with preeclampsia-associated IUGR had the highest systolic and diastolic BPs, even after adjustment for birth weight, and preeclampsia-only the next highest. Systolic BP progression showed significant differences between groups (P<0.05). We conclude that impact of preeclampsia on children blood pressure was manifest within days of birth, over and above coexisting IUGR. Long-term cardiovascular follow-up and targeted preventive strategies are advised for this underrecognized high-risk population.
Association between maternal haemoglobin concentrations and maternal and neonatal outcomes: the prospective, observational, multinational, INTERBIO-21st fetal study.; BACKGROUND: Anaemia in pregnancy is a global health problem with associated maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. We aimed to investigate the association between maternal haemoglobin concentrations during pregnancy and the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: In this prospective, observational, multinational, INTERBIO-21st fetal study conducted at maternity units in Brazil, Kenya, Pakistan, South Africa, and the UK, we enrolled pregnant women (aged ≥18 years, BMI <35 kg/m(2), natural conception, and singleton pregnancy) who initiated antenatal care before 14 weeks' gestation. At each 5±1 weekly visit until delivery, information was collected about the pregnancy, as well as the results of blood tests taken as part of routine antenatal care, including haemoglobin values. The outcome measures were maternal (gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and preterm premature rupture of membranes) and neonatal outcomes (small for gestational age, preterm birth, and acute respiratory distress syndrome). FINDINGS: Between Feb 8, 2012, and Nov 30, 2019, 2069 women (mean age 30·7 years [SD 5·0]) had at least one routinely haemoglobin concentration measured at 14-40 weeks' gestation, contributing 4690 haemoglobin measurements for the analysis. Compared with a haemoglobin cutoff of 110 g/L, the risk was increased more than two-fold for pregnancy-induced hypertension at haemoglobin concentrations of 170 g/L (risk ratio [RR] 2·29 [95% CI 1·19-4·39]) and higher, for preterm birth at haemoglobin concentrations of 70 g/L (RR 2·04 [95% CI 1·20-3·48]) and 165 g/L (RR 2·06 [95% CI 1·41-3·02]), and for acute respiratory distress syndrome at haemoglobin concentrations of 165 g/L (RR 2·84 [95% CI 1·51-5·35]). Trimester-specific results are also presented. INTERPRETATION: Our data suggests that the current WHO haemoglobin cutoffs are associated with reduced risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The current haemoglobin concentration cutoffs during pregnancy should not only consider thresholds for low haemoglobin concentrations that are associated with adverse outcomes but also define a threshold for high haemoglobin concentrations given the U-shaped relationship between haemoglobin concentration and adverse neonatal and maternal outcomes. FUNDING: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Antenatal Fetal Surveillance.; The primary objective of antenatal fetal surveillance is to mitigate the risk of stillbirth. For nearly 4 decades, techniques assessing fetal heart rate (FHR) patterns, alongside real-time ultrasonography and umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry, have been used to monitor fetal well-being. These methods are crucial for evaluating the risk of fetal death in pregnancies with preexisting maternal conditions, such as diabetes mellitus, or those complicated by issues such as fetal growth restriction. FHR patterns, activity levels, and muscle tone are indicators that can be affected by hypoxemia and acidemia. When a fetus experiences hypoxemia, blood flow redistribution can lead to reduced renal perfusion and oligohydramnios. Techniques such as cardiotocography, real-time ultrasonography, and monitoring maternal perception of fetal movements are used to detect potential uteroplacental compromise. Identifying fetal compromise allows for intervention before metabolic acidosis can progress to fetal death. However, sudden and severe changes in fetal status, such as placental abruption or umbilical cord accidents, are typically unpredictable and less preventable through these tests. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) has provided general recommendations on when to initiate antenatal fetal surveillance based on the risk of stillbirth; however, strict guidelines have not been established due to the limited amount of evidence-based studies. Consequently, the ACOG encourages antenatal fetal surveillance to be individualized, including initiation, modalities utilized, and frequency, especially in high-risk cases where surveillance might begin at an age where delivery benefits perinatal outcomes. Antenatal fetal surveillance is indicated for conditions with a stillbirth incidence higher than 0.8 per 1000 and a relative risk or odds ratio for stillbirth >2.0 compared to unaffected pregnancies. In the absence of gestational age-adjusted data, ACOG suggests initiating surveillance at 32, 36, or 39 weeks of gestation. Shared decision-making between the patient and clinician is essential, particularly for pregnancies at a high risk of stillbirth or for those with multiple complicating factors. This approach is crucial when dealing with fetal anomalies or initiating surveillance near the threshold of viability, where patient preferences significantly influence care decisions. Various surveillance methods include maternal perception of fetal movement, contraction stress tests (CSTs), nonstress tests (NSTs), biophysical profiles (BPPs), modified BPPs, and umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry. Generally, normal results from these tests are reassuring due to their low false-negative rates. However, antenatal fetal surveillance using any modality may not accurately reflect a significantly affected fetus during acute distress and is less effective at predicting stillbirths resulting from acute maternal-fetal status changes. In addition, some maternal conditions may cause temporary abnormal results during fetal testing that improve as the maternal condition improves. Therefore, abnormal test results should be interpreted within the broader clinical context, with further testing or intervention guided by the overall maternal and fetal condition. In cases of decreased maternal perception of fetal movement, further assessment with NSTs, CSTs, BPPs, or modified BPPs is recommended. Abnormal findings typically lead to additional testing or consideration of delivery. The management of equivocal or abnormal BPP scores varies based on gestational age. For scores of 4 or lower, delivery is often indicated unless the pregnancy is less than 32 weeks, where extended monitoring may be appropriate. Ultimately, abnormal test results necessitate careful evaluation to avoid unnecessary interventions. Continuous intrapartum monitoring is advisable if delivery is attempted. Although fetal kick counting is a simple method to assess fetal well-being, its effectiveness in preventing stillbirth is not well-established and might lead to increased medical interventions.
Influence of Maternal Obesity and Gestational Weight Gain on Maternal and Foetal Lipid Profile.; Fatty acids (FAs) are fundamental for a foetus's growth, serving as an energy source, structural constituents of cellular membranes and precursors of bioactive molecules, as well as being essential for cell signalling. Long-chain polyunsaturated FAs (LC-PUFAs) are pivotal in brain and visual development. It is of interest to investigate whether and how specific pregnancy conditions, which alter fatty acid metabolism (excessive pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) or gestational weight gain (GWG)), affect lipid supply to the foetus. For this purpose, we evaluated the erythrocyte FAs of mothers and offspring (cord-blood) at birth, in relation to pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG. A total of 435 mothers and their offspring (237 males, 51%) were included in the study. Distribution of linoleic acid (LA) and α-linolenic acid (ALA), and their metabolites, arachidonic acid, dihomogamma linoleic (DGLA) and ecosapentanoic acid, was significantly different in maternal and foetal erythrocytes. Pre-pregnancy BMI was significantly associated with maternal percentage of MUFAs (Coeff: -0.112; p = 0.021), LA (Coeff: -0.033; p = 0.044) and DHA (Coeff. = 0.055; p = 0.0016); inadequate GWG with DPA (Coeff: 0.637; p = 0.001); excessive GWG with docosaexahenoic acid (DHA) (Coeff. = -0.714; p = 0.004). Moreover, pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with foetus percentage of PUFAs (Coeff: -0.172; p = 0.009), omega 6 (Coeff: -0.098; p = 0.015) and DHA (Coeff: -0.0285; p = 0.036), even after adjusting for maternal lipids. Our findings show that maternal GWG affects maternal but not foetal lipid profile, differently from pre-pregnancy BMI, which influences both.
Parental factors that impact the ecology of human mammary development, milk secretion, and milk composition-a report from "Breastmilk Ecology: Genesis of Infant Nutrition (BEGIN)" Working Group 1.; The goal of Working Group 1 in the Breastmilk Ecology: Genesis of Infant Nutrition (BEGIN) Project was to outline factors influencing biological processes governing human milk secretion and to evaluate our current knowledge of these processes. Many factors regulate mammary gland development in utero, during puberty, in pregnancy, through secretory activation, and at weaning. These factors include breast anatomy, breast vasculature, diet, and the lactating parent's hormonal milieu including estrogen, progesterone, placental lactogen, cortisol, prolactin, and growth hormone. We examine the effects of time of day and postpartum interval on milk secretion, along with the role and mechanisms of lactating parent-infant interactions on milk secretion and bonding, with particular attention to the actions of oxytocin on the mammary gland and the pleasure systems in the brain. We then consider the potential effects of clinical conditions including infection, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, cardiovascular health, inflammatory states, mastitis, and particularly, gestational diabetes and obesity. Although we know a great deal about the transporter systems by which zinc and calcium pass from the blood stream into milk, the interactions and cellular localization of transporters that carry substrates such as glucose, amino acids, copper, and the many other trace metals present in human milk across plasma and intracellular membranes require more research. We pose the question of how cultured mammary alveolar cells and animal models can help answer lingering questions about the mechanisms and regulation of human milk secretion. We raise questions about the role of the lactating parent and the infant microbiome and the immune system during breast development, secretion of immune molecules into milk, and protection of the breast from pathogens. Finally, we consider the effect of medications, recreational and illicit drugs, pesticides, and endocrine-disrupting chemicals on milk secretion and composition, emphasizing that this area needs much more research attention.
Is fetal cerebral vascular resistance affected by the presence of nuchal cord(s) in the third trimester of pregnancy?; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether fetal cerebral vascular resistance is affected by the presence of nuchal cord(s) in the third trimester. METHODS: A set of 115 patients with well-established dates and singleton, appropriate for gestational age (GA), non-anomalous fetuses with nuchal cord(s) diagnosed with prenatal color Doppler imaging, between 28 and 41 weeks and 115 controls matched for GA, were studied. Patients with hypertension, diabetes and autoimmune conditions were excluded. Doppler indices were obtained from the umbilical artery (UA) and the fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) upon initial diagnosis of the nuchal cord. RESULTS: Of 115 GA-matched pairs of pregnancies, 103 fetuses had a single nuchal cord and 12 a double nuchal cord. No significant differences were noted in patient age, gravidity, parity, sonographically estimated fetal weight (SEFW), and growth centile at ultrasonographic diagnosis. Mean UA systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) was 2.28 +/- 0.32 and 2.36 +/- 0.33 (P = 0.03) and UA resistance index (RI) 0.55 +/- 0.06 and 0.57 +/- 0.06 (P = 0.02) among study and controls, respectively. Mean fetal MCA S/D and RI did not differ significantly between the two groups (fetal MCA S/D 5.01 +/- 1.28 and 5.04 +/- 1.71 (P = 0.86), and mean fetal MCA RI 0.78 +/- 0.06 and 0.78 +/- 0.05 (P = 0.88)). No significant differences were noted in GA at delivery, incidence of meconium-stained amniotic fluid, birth weight, mode of delivery, neonatal gender, 1 and 5 minute Apgar scores, or UA pH and base excess, between study and control patients. CONCLUSION: Fetal cerebral vascular resistance is not affected by the presence of nuchal cord(s) in the third trimester of pregnancy.
Association Between Perinatal Mental Health and Pregnancy and Neonatal Complications: A Retrospective Birth Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: Maternal mental health as an important precursor to reproductive and neonatal complications remains understudied in the United States, particularly in the Southeastern region, despite high medical costs, maternal morbidity, and infant burden. This study sought to estimate the incidence of perinatal mental health disorders and the associated increased risk of leading pregnancy and infant complications. METHODS: A population-based retrospective birth cohort of childbirth hospitalizations and readmissions was constructed for women in South Carolina, 1999 to 2017. Prevalence rates were calculated for perinatal mood and anxiety disorders (PMAD), severe mental illness, and mental disorders of pregnancy (MDP). Poisson regression models using generalized estimating equations were used to estimate adjusted relative risks for the association between mental health conditions and severe maternal morbidity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, preterm birth, and low birthweight. RESULTS: The most prevalent maternal mental condition was MDP (3.9%), followed by PMAD (2.7%) and severe mental illness (0.13%). PMAD was associated with a higher risk of severe maternal morbidity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and cesarean section, as well as a higher risk of preterm birth and low birthweight infants. Severe mental illness was associated with low birthweight, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and cesarean section. Pregnant populations with MDP were more at risk for severe maternal morbidity, preterm birth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birthweight, and cesarean section. Each maternal mental health outcome was associated with an increased risk for hospital readmissions up to 45 days after childbirth. CONCLUSIONS: Results demonstrate the escalating burden of PMAD and MDP for pregnant populations over time, with important consequences related to maternal and infant morbidity.
Case report: adult onset diabetes with partial pancreatic agenesis and congenital heart disease due to a de novo GATA6 mutation.; BACKGROUND: Mutations in GATA6 are the most frequent cause of pancreatic agenesis. Most cases present with neonatal diabetes mellitus. CASE PRESENTATION: The case was a female born after an uncomplicated pregnancy and delivery in a non-consanguineous family (3.59 kg, 70th percentile). Severe cardiac malformations were diagnosed at two and a half months old. No hyperglycaemic episodes were recorded in the neonatal period. Diabetes was diagnosed at 21 years due to the detection of incidental glycosuria. She had a low but detectable C-peptide level at diagnosis. Anti-GAD and Islet-cell antibodies were negative and she failed oral hypoglycaemic therapy and was started on insulin. Abdominal MRI revealed the absence of most of the neck, body, and tail of pancreas with normal pancreas elastase levels. Criteria for type 1 or type 2 diabetes were not fulfilled, therefore a next generation sequencing (NGS) panel was performed. A novel heterozygous pathogenic GATA6 mutation (p.Tyr235Ter) was identified. The GATA6 variant was not detected in her parents, implying that the mutation had arisen de novo in the proband. CONCLUSION: Rarely GATA6 mutations can cause adult onset diabetes. This report highlights the importance of screening the GATA6 gene in patients with adult-onset diabetes, congenital cardiac defects and pancreatic agenesis with no first-degree family history of diabetes. It also emphasizes the importance of genetic counselling in these patients as future offspring will be at risk of inheriting the variant and developing GATA6 anomalies.
Epidemiology of Diabetes and Hearing Loss.; Hearing loss is a highly prevalent chronic condition. In addition to age, sex, noise exposure, and genetic predisposition, cardiovascular disease and its antecedents may precipitate hearing loss. Of emerging interest is the connection between diabetes and auditory dysfunction. Cross-sectional studies consistently suggest that prevalence of hearing loss is higher in persons with diabetes compared with those without diabetes, especially among younger persons. Furthermore, longitudinal studies have demonstrated higher incidence of hearing loss in persons with diabetes compared to those without diabetes. These findings seem to hold for both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, although considerably more population-based evidence is available for type 2 diabetes. Data on gestational diabetes and hearing outcomes are limited, as are data relating diabetes to otologic sequelae such as fungal infection. Here, we examine evidence from epidemiologic studies of diabetes and hearing loss and consider clinical and laboratory data where population-based data are lacking.
[Shock in obstetrics. Institutional experience].; Shock is one of the most difficult problems an obstetrician can face. Hemorrhage is the main reason of shock. A descriptive and retrospective research was conducted at Instituto Nacional de Perinatología, from January 1992 to May 1996, including all patients admitted to the intensive care unit with diagnosis of shock. There were found 90 cases with diagnosis of shock, 82 were hipovolemic, and 8 cases had the septic kind of shock. The average of age was 32.2 years, with a gestational age between 6.2 to 41.4 weeks . There were 71 healthy patients, hypertension was associated to pregnancy in 9 cases, infertility in two, myomatosis in 2, and diabetes in 2 more patients. Other 5 cases reported different pathologies. The most frequent cause for hipovolemic shock resulted to be placenta acreta (40 cases), followed by uterine tone alterations in 37 patients, ectopic pregnancy in 7, uterine rupture or perforation in 4, and vaginal or cervical lacerations in 2. The estimated blood loss varied from 2200 cc to 6500 cc, and the minimal arterial pressure registered during shock was between 40/20 mmHg to 90/60 mmHg. Medical initial assistance consisted in volume reposition with crystalloids, globular packages, and plasma expansors in 73 patients (81.1%). The rest of the patients received in addition coloids, platelets and cryoprecipitates. A total of 76 patients required surgical intervention consisting in total abdominal hysterectomy. In 5 cases the previous surgical procedure was done and ligation of hypogastric vessels was needed. Salpingectomy was performed in 5 patients, and rupture or perforation repair in 3. The average surgery time was 2 hours and 33 minutes. The observed complications were 7 cases with abscess of the cupula, consumption coagulopathy in 2, 1 vesical quirurgical injury, 1 intestinal occlusion, and 11 vesico-vaginal fistula. The average days of hospitalization resulted to be 5. The most frequent kind of shock seen by obstetricians is the hipovolemic type, followed by septic shock, Volume reposition and restoration of adequate tissue oxygenation is the main goal in treatment, and so the rapid and opportune decision for surgery shall prevent the patients decriment and maternal mortality.
[Food insecurity and its association with obesity and cardiometabolic risks in Mexican women].; Objective: we conducted a systematic review of the main scientific evidence that associates food insecurity with a higher frequency of obesity and cardiometabolic risks in Mexican women. Design: a systematic review. Data sources: MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL Plus, Web of Science, CAB Abstracts and PAIS Index. Selection criteria: articles that met the journal quality criteria and integrated food status with health insecurity, in which the situation of vulnerability in the current statistics for cardiometabolic diseases and risks that are associated with food insecurity was shown in women and their homes. Data analysis: relevance and quality of the results regarding food security, the presence of overweight and obesity, and socio-environmental indicators in women. Results: households headed by women who are at higher risk of having some degree of food insecurity or food assistance associated with the presence of obesity and overweight (RR = 1.28 to 2.97; 95 % CI: 1.08-1.44 to 1.52-6.14) as well as the development of cardiometabolic diseases such as diabetes mellitus (with a history of pregnancy as risk factor for developing diabetes and hypertension) presenting premature labor, shorter stature in the adult stage, a deficiency in micronutrients such as iron and antioxidant vitamins. Conclusion: the evidence found shows an association of food insecurity as found in women and their homes with a greater risk of being overweight and obese, as well as the development of a cardiometabolic disease (diabetes, hypertension), in addition to anemia and vitamin deficiency.
Complications and outcome of pregnancy in obese women.; To examine the influence of obesity on obstetric performance, pregnancy outcome, and lactational performance, 163 mostly moderately obese gravidas were compared with age and parity-matched normal weight subjects. Significantly increased incidences of gestational hypertension, inadequate pregnancy weight gain, cesarean section, postpartum infections, and large-for-gestational age infants were observed in the study group. No significant increase in the incidence of diabetes, toxemia, breech presentation, postpartum hemorrhage, infant morbidity or lactational failure was noted in obese women. The mean birth weight of the infants of obese women was 163g greater than that of the control subjects; no difference was observed in infant length or gestational age. These results, while confirming that obesity is an important risk factor, suggest that methodological aspects of the previous studies may have contributed to magnify the severity of the problem.
Outcome after implementation of a modern management strategy for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine whether the institution of a modern management strategy affected pregnancy outcomes for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of women diagnosed with ICP at one hospital from 2005 to 2013. A new management protocol for ICP was instituted in 2009 for women with total bile acids >40 μmol/L at <36 weeks. This strategy included inpatient admission, continuous fetal heart rate monitoring, with delivery between 36 and 37 weeks. We compared maternal and neonatal outcomes prior and subsequent to the institution of this protocol. RESULTS: We identified 186 singleton gestations with bile acids >40 μmol/L and diagnosis <36 weeks. Patient demographics were similar between the groups, with the exception of greater maternal age and gestational diabetes in the newer cohort. The newer cohort demonstrated a significant reduction in the incidence of stillbirth 0% versus 3.4%, p= 0.035). There was no difference in the age at delivery, cesarean delivery rates or NICU admissions. CONCLUSION: Application of our management strategy for ICP reduced the stillbirth rate without adversely affecting other maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Long term effects of childbearing on health.; Information on whether a woman had ever had any children was recorded for all deaths registered to ever-married women in England and Wales between 1938 and 1960. Analysis of the relation between parity and cause of death for 1.2 million women aged 45-74 years revealed that parous women had lower mortality from breast, ovarian, and endometrial cancer than did nulliparous women but a higher mortality from diabetes mellitus, gallbladder disease, cancer of the uterine cervix, nephritis and nephrosis, hypertension, ischaemic and degenerative heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, and all causes of death. There is a parallel between the long term effects of pregnancy and of oral contraceptives on health.
Knowledge and perceptions about Pre-diabetes amongst doctors, medical students, and patients in a tertiary care hospital of Islamabad.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the knowledge and perceptions about pre-diabetes screening and management amongst physicians, final year medical students, and patients. METHODS: The cross-sectional observational study was conducted at Shifa International Hospital, Shifa Foundation Clinic and Shifa College of Medicine, Islamabad, Pakistan, from November 2017 to February 2018. A structured questionnaire was used to assess doctors' and final year medical students' knowledge about screening and management of pre-diabetes. A group of patients were also interviewed about pre-diabetes awareness and their primary resources for health-related information. Data was analysed using SPSS 23. RESULTS: Of the 267 participants, there were 85(32%) doctors, 82(31%) medical students and 100(37%) patients. Only 61(71.8%), 44(51.7%) and 34(39.8%) physicians and 53(64.6%), 30(36.5%) and 26(31.6%) students could accurately identify impaired fasting blood glucose, glycated haemoglobin and impaired glucose tolerance criteria for pre-diabetes, respectively. Regarding risk factors for pre-diabetes screening, ethnicity, cardiovascular diseases and gestational diabetes were identified by 8(9.4%), 6(7.1%) and 9(10.6%) physicians and 10(12.2%), 6(7.3%) and 15(18.3%) students, respectively. There was no statistically significant relation of correct identification of pre-diabetes criteria with specialties, designations and years of experience post-qualification (p>0.5). Only 3(3%) patients were aware of pre-diabetes or borderline diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Knowledge and perception of doctors, medical students and patients about pre-diabetes was found to be deficient. Efforts are required to reinforce its identification and management at all levels..
Influence of maternal obesity on human trophoblast differentiation: The role of mitochondrial status.; Maternal obesity is associated with complications of pregnancy and increases the infant's risk of developing obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. The placenta has an important role in determining the pregnancy outcome, and the syncytiotrophoblast (ST) is the main component of the placenta that supports the relationship between the mother and fetus. The differentiation of the cytotrophoblast (CT) into the ST is accompanied by changes in mitochondrial functions and dynamics. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of maternal obesity (without gestational diabetes) on the in vitro differentiation capacities of human CT isolated from term placenta by focusing on mitochondrial status. We found that, during human CT differentiation process, maternal obesity is associated with (i) a lower progesterone secretion, (ii) a transient impairment in the ST's fusion potential (via syncytin-2 and its receptor), (iii) a lower mitochondrial content, and (iv) weaker mRNA expression of oestrogen-related receptor-gamma (a key mitobiogenesis gene). Moreover, maternal obesity altered the time course of ATP and reactive oxygen species production throughout CT differentiation. The mitochondrial dysfunctions observed in isolated human CTs of obese women might explain the observed decrease in progesterone production. Our results demonstrated that obesity in pregnancy is associated with a functional impairment of the ST which might alter the foetal-maternal dialogue.
Pre-pregnancy Diabetes, Pre-pregnancy Hypertension and Prenatal Care Timing among Women in the United States, 2018.; INTRODUCTION: Women with pre-pregnancy diabetes or pre-pregnancy hypertension have increased risks of complications during pregnancy. Women who obtain prenatal care in the first trimester receive necessary routine testing and disease management tools that aid in controlling such conditions. However, research on the association between pre-pregnancy hypertension and pre-pregnancy diabetes and prenatal care timing among US women is limited. METHODS: This study used data from the 2018 National Vital Statistic System (n = 3,618,853). Trained personnel collected information on prenatal care timing, maternal conditions, and demographics. Multivariate logistic regression models evaluated the association between pre-pregnancy hypertension, pre-pregnancy diabetes and prenatal care timing. A stratified analysis was conducted to determine if race/ethnicity modified the associations. RESULTS: After adjustment, women with pre-pregnancy hypertension or pre-pregnancy diabetes had statistically significant increased odds of receiving early prenatal care compared to women without these conditions (OR 1.23; 95% CI: 1.21-1.26 and OR 1.27; 95% CI: 1.24-1.31, respectively). Among non-Hispanic White, non-Hispanic Black, and Hispanic women, those with pre-pregnancy hypertension or pre-pregnancy diabetes had statistically significantly increased odds of receiving early prenatal care compared to women without those pre-existing conditions (P < .001). DISCUSSION: Further research is needed on the transition from preconception care to obstetric care for women with pre-existing diabetes or hypertension. However, these findings suggest that women who have conditions that could cause pregnancy complications are pursuing early prenatal care services to mitigate the development of adverse maternal and infant health conditions.
Sports Obstetrics: Implications of Pregnancy in Elite Sportswomen, a Narrative Review.; Increasing numbers of females are participating in elite sports, with a record number having competed at the Tokyo Olympic Games. Importantly, the ages of peak performance and fertility are very likely to coincide; as such, it is inevitable that pregnancy will occur during training and competition. Whilst there is considerable evidence to promote regular exercise in pregnancy, with benefits including a reduction in hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and reduced rates of post-natal depression, few studies have been conducted which include elite athletes. Indeed, there are concerns that high-intensity exercise may lead to increased rates of miscarriage and preterm labour, amongst other pregnancy-related complications. There is minimal guidance on the obstetric management of athletes, and consequently, healthcare professionals frequently adopt a very conservative approach to managing such people. This narrative review summarises the evidence on the antenatal, intrapartum, and postpartum outcomes in elite athletes and provides recommendations for healthcare providers, demonstrating that generally, pregnant athletes can continue their training, with a few notable exceptions. It also summarises the physiological changes that occur in pregnancy and reviews the literature base regarding how these changes may impact performance, with benefits arising from pregnancy-associated cardiovascular adaptations at earlier gestations but later changes causing an increased risk of injury and fatigue.
Magnetoencephalographic signatures of conscious processing before birth.; The concept of fetal consciousness is a widely discussed topic. In this study, we applied a hierarchical rule learning paradigm to investigate the possibility of fetal conscious processing during the last trimester of pregnancy. We used fetal magnetoencephalography, to assess fetal brain activity in 56 healthy fetuses between gestational week 25 and 40, during an auditory oddball paradigm containing first- and second-order regularities. The comparison of fetal brain responses towards standard and deviant tones revealed that the investigated fetuses show signs of hierarchical rule learning, and thus the formation of a memory trace for the second-order regularity. This ability develops over the course of the last trimester of gestation, in accordance with processes in physiological brain development and was only reliably present in fetuses older than week 35 of gestation. Analysis of fetal autonomic nervous system activity replicates findings in newborns, showing importance of activity state for cognitive processes. On the whole, our results support the assumption that fetuses in the last weeks of gestation are capable of consciously processing stimuli that reach them from outside the womb.
A population-based case-control study of temporal arteritis: evidence for an association between temporal arteritis and degenerative vascular disease?; The first population-based incident case-control study of temporal arteritis (TA) in the US was conducted using the unique data resources of the Rochester Epidemiology Project. During the period 1950-1985, 88 newly diagnosed cases of biopsy-proven TA were identified among residents of Olmsted County, Minnesota. Cases were each matched to four Olmsted County community controls on age, sex and duration of community medical record. Odds ratios (OR) were calculated for marital status, education, Quetelet index, pregnancy, age at menopause, thyroid disease, diabetes, smoking, hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction, peripheral vascular disease, and stroke. Multivariable conditional logistic regression analysis identified statistically significant adjusted OR for smoking (2.3, 95% CI = 1.3-4.1). Elevated ORs which were not statistically significant were noted for angina, myocardial infarction, and peripheral vascular disease. These data suggest that TA and arteriosclerosis may share a common causal pathway. Alternatively, histopathological misclassification of temporal artery biopsies may have resulted in the observed association. Due to the limited power of this population-based study, multicentre collaboration should be encouraged to more precisely define the epidemiology of TA.
Late pregnancy complications can affect risk estimates of elective induction of labor.; OBJECTIVE: Multiple observational studies have emphasized the increased risk of elective induction versus spontaneous labor. We estimated the risks of elective induction before 39 weeks compared to expectant management. METHODS: Using a single institution's delivery data (1996-2004), we identified women with uncomplicated term gestations who underwent elective induction before 39 weeks (Early Induction Group). A comparison group of women eligible for elective induction before 39 weeks but who were managed expectantly was created by identifying the remaining deliveries ≥ 39 weeks and excluding women with "established" pregnancy complications such as diabetes or heart disease (Expectant Management Group), but retaining women with complications that may have developed while waiting, e.g. gestational hypertension or abruption. RESULTS: Pregnancies in the Early Induction Group were generally not at increased risk for morbidity when compared to the entire Expectant Management Group, in whom 49% developed pregnancy complications or went postdates. These pregnancies had poorer maternal and neonatal outcomes when compared to patients who remained uncomplicated with spontaneous labor onset, thus reducing the overall benefit of expectant management. CONCLUSIONS: Failure to account for the large proportion of women who develop late pregnancy complications can falsely elevate the estimated risk of elective induction prior to 39 weeks.
Place of intravitreal dexamethasone implant in the treatment armamentarium of diabetic macular edema.; Diabetic macular edema (DME) is a very important and well-known cause of visual loss in diabetics. Blood-retina barrier disruption and consequent intraretinal fluid accumulation may lead to retinal thickening at the posterior pole namely DME. Even though it is not clearly understood, current evidence suggests that chronic low-grade inflammation characterized with various cytokines has a major role in the occurrence of DME. Clinical trials are continuously shaping our treatment approaches for the eyes with DME. Today, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) inhibitor and steroid administrations are the main alternatives in DME treatment. Dexamethasone (DEX) implant (Ozurdex ((®;)) Allergan, Inc., Irvine, CA, United States) was approved by the United States Food & Drug Administration in 2014 for DME treatment. The implant is made up of a biodegradable solid copolymer that is broken down by releasing its active ingredient into the vitreous cavity over time. Biphasic release feature of this sustained-release drug delivery system ensures its efficacy for up to 6 mo with an acceptable and manageable safety profile. DEX implant provides a favorable anatomical and functional outcome in DME as shown in several randomized-controlled studies but has a relatively higher ocular side-effect profile such as increased risk of cataract formation and raised intraocular pressure when compared to the gold standard anti-VEGF agents. Thus, DEX implant becomes the second-line treatment option demonstrating inadequate clinical response to anti-VEGF therapy. However, it can be preferred as the first-line treatment in vitrectomized and pseudophakic eyes. Even in some selected conditions DEX implant is favored over anti-VEGF agents where the use of VEGF-inhibitors is either inappropriate or contraindicated such as the patients with a recent history of a major cardiovascular or cerebrovascular event, pregnancy and noncompliant to frequent visits. This mini-review briefly overviews the efficacy, safety profile and complications of DEX implant and summarizes the outcome of DEX implant administration in major clinical studies on DME treatment.
Second trimester cerebroplacental ratio versus umbilicocerebral ratio for the prediction of adverse perinatal outcomes.; INTRODUCTION: An abnormal third trimester cerebroplacental ratio has been previously associated with adverse perinatal outcome. The less studied inverse of the cerebroplacental ratio, the umbilicocerebral ratio, has been proposed as a better predictor of adverse perinatal outcome. However, little is known about the implication of either an abnormal cerebroplacental ratio or umbilicocerebral ratio in the second trimester. The objective of this study was to evaluate the relationship between an abnormal second trimester cerebroplacental ratio and adverse perinatal outcome and provide comparison to an abnormal second trimester umbilicocerebral ratio. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This retrospective cohort study in a single tertiary referral center utilized data from all non-anomalous singleton pregnancies that underwent Doppler assessment of the cerebroplacental ratio between 20 and 28 weeks gestation. The study period was 1 January 2015 to 31 July 2018. Abnormal cerebroplacental ratio was defined as less than the 5th percentile for gestational age. If patients had more than one ultrasound during the study period (i.e. for serial assessment of fetal growth), the lowest value of the cerebroplacental ratio was recorded. The primary outcome was a composite of clinically relevant adverse perinatal outcomes including preterm delivery, small for gestational age, and neonatal intensive care unit admission. Secondary outcomes included urgent delivery for fetal distress (operative vaginal delivery or cesarean section) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. An abnormal umbilicocerebral ratio was defined as greater than 95th percentile for gestational age. Areas under the curve were calculated and compared for cerebroplacental ratio and umbilicocerebral ratio. RESULTS: 2326 pregnancies met inclusion criteria. Of these, 91 (3.9%) had an abnormal second trimester cerebroplacental ratio. Fetuses with an abnormal second trimester cerebroplacental ratio had a 2.3-fold (95% CI 1.5-3.6, p < .05) increased risk of adverse perinatal outcome after adjusting for potential confounders such as chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, and smoking during pregnancy. Significantly increased risks of preterm delivery (OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1-38, p < .05) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (OR 2.1, 95% CI 1.2-3.6, p < .05) were also seen in a subgroup analysis of abnormal cerebroplacental ratio in appropriate for gestational age infants. 132 (5.7%) fetuses had an abnormal second trimester umbilicocerebral ratio, and these fetuses had a 2.0-fold (95% CI 1.4-3.0, p < .05) increased risk of adverse perinatal outcome. The area under the curve for CPR and UCR for prediction of the primary outcome was 0.6 for both (95% CI 0.57-0.61 and 0.57-0.62, respectively, both p < .05). CONCLUSION: An abnormal second trimester cerebroplacental ratio or umbilicocerebral ratio is associated with adverse perinatal outcome. However, the predictive ability of either ratio remains suboptimal.
Impact of interpregnancy interval on the subsequent risk of adverse perinatal outcomes.; AIM: The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of interpregnancy interval as a risk factor on multiple adverse perinatal outcomes. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Interpregnancy intervals and confounding factors were determined for healthy pregnancies (controls [n = 357]) and for pregnancies complicated by adverse perinatal outcomes. Interpregnancy interval was categorized as <6, 6-11, 12-17, 18-23, 24-35 and ≥36 months. Adverse outcomes included spontaneous labor leading to preterm birth (n = 265), preterm premature rupture of membranes (n = 245), pre-eclampsia (n = 286), gestational diabetes (n = 302), abnormal placentation (n = 154), anemia (n = 314), congenital anomalies (n = 459), post-partum hemorrhage (n = 326) and small for gestational age (n = 168). Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to assess the association of each outcome with the interpregnancy interval categories. RESULTS: Spontaneous labor leading to preterm birth (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.13-1.97), preterm premature rupture of membranes (OR, 1.69; 95%CI, 1.28-2.39), congenital anomalies (OR, 1.38; 95%CI, 1.09-1.76) and small for gestational age (OR, 1.68; 95%CI, 1.14-2.34) were significantly associated with intervals of <6 months. Among congenital anomalies, short interpregnancy interval represents an increased risk for cardiac defects (OR, 1.55; 95%CI, 1.09-5.46), neural tube defects (OR, 2.06; 95%CI, 1.32-7.64) and central nervous system anomalies (OR, 1.45; 95%CI, 1.12-3.65). CONCLUSION: Short interpregnancy interval is an independent risk factor for adverse perinatal outcomes.
Advanced Maternal Age Worsens Postpartum Vascular Function.; The age at which women experience their first pregnancy has increased throughout the decades. Pregnancy has an important influence on maternal short- and long-term cardiovascular outcomes. Pregnancy at an advanced maternal age increases maternal risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, placenta previa and caesarian delivery; complications which predict worsened cardiovascular health in later years. Aging also independently increases the risk of cardiovascular disease; therefore, combined risk in women of advanced maternal age may lead to detrimental cardiovascular outcomes later in life. We hypothesized that pregnancy at an advanced maternal age would lead to postpartum vascular dysfunction. We used a reproductively aged rat model to investigate vascular function in never pregnant (virgin), previously pregnant (postpartum) and previously mated but never delivered (nulliparous) rats at approximately 13.5 months of age (3 months postpartum or equivalent). Nulliparous rats, in which pregnancy was spontaneously lost, demonstrated significantly reduced aortic relaxation responses (methylcholine [MCh] Emax: 54.2 ± 12.6%) vs. virgin and postpartum rats (MCh Emax: 84.8 ± 3.5% and 84.7 ± 3.2% respectively); suggesting pregnancy loss causes a worsened vascular pathology. Oxidized LDL reduced relaxation to MCh in aorta from virgin and postpartum, but not nulliparous rats, with an increased contribution of the LOX-1 receptor in the postpartum group. Further, in mesenteric arteries from postpartum rats, endothelium-derived hyperpolarization (EDH)-mediated vasodilation was reduced and a constrictive prostaglandin effect was apparent. In conclusion, aged postpartum rats exhibited vascular dysfunction, while rats which had pregnancy loss demonstrated a distinct vascular pathology. These data demonstrate mechanisms which may lead to worsened outcomes at an advanced maternal age; including early pregnancy loss and later life cardiovascular dysfunction.
Prematurity, smallness-for-gestational age and later hospital admissions: a nation-wide registry study.; INTRODUCTION: Being born premature or small for gestational age (SGA) is known to be associated with diseases later in life, such as gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. In this study we examined the association between being born premature or SGA and all diseases diagnosed during hospital admissions later in life. METHODS: Using Danish nation-wide registries we created a cohort of 1,348,106 persons born 1974-1996 and assessed all unique diagnoses registered in the Danish Patient Registry (DPR) for hospital admissions in the period 1994-2007 (n=27,910,558). We determined the odds ratios for persons born premature or SGA using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS: A total of 15,059 unique ICD-10 diagnosis codes were represented in the period. Only diagnoses used at least 100 times were included in the analysis (n=4175). Of these 838 showed an odds ratio that was statistically significantly different from unity for people born premature or SGA. After correcting for multiple testing, 250 remained significant. The diagnoses covered diseases in most organ systems, including cardiovascular, endocrinological, infectious, neurological/neurosurgical, obstetric, orthopedic, psychiatric, lung & urological diseases, and occurred throughout childhood and early adulthood. Novel findings included increased risks for delayed puberty, neurofibromatosis type 1 and ileus and decreased risks of mononucleosis, peritonsillar abscesses, chronic hypothyroidism and several types of fractures and contusions later in life. CONCLUSION: Being born premature or SGA was associated with significantly altered risks of being admitted to a hospital with a wide range of diseases later in life, affecting almost all organ systems throughout childhood and early adulthood. Our findings may motivate testing in other cohorts and search for novel mechanisms of pathogenesis.
Perioperative Cerebrovascular Accidents in Spine Surgery: A Retrospective Descriptive Study and A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Perioperative cerebrovascular accidents (CVAs) related to spine surgery, although rare, can lead to significant disabilities. More studies on spine surgeries are required to identify those at risk of perioperative CVAs. The characteristics and outcomes of patients that experienced CVAs during spine surgery were assessed through a retrospective descriptive study and meta-analysis. METHODS: Patients aged ≥18 years who underwent spine surgery under general anesthesia at a hospital between April 2011 and March 2023 were examined. Of the 2,391 initially identified patients, 2,346 were included after excluding 45 who underwent debridement for surgical site infections. Subsequently, a meta-analysis including the present retrospective descriptive study was conducted. Databases such as PubMed and Google Scholar were searched for original peer-reviewed articles written in English. RESULTS: Of the 2,346 patients, 4 (0.17%) (three men, one woman) exhibited perioperative CVAs associated with spine surgery. The CVAs were diverse in nature: one case of cerebral hemorrhage resulting from dural injury during posterior occipitocervical fusion, two cases of cerebral infarctions after lumbar laminectomy and anterior thoracic fusion due to anticoagulant discontinuation, and one case of posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome following microscopic lumbar discectomy due to gestational hypertension. The subsequent meta-analysis included three studies (n=186,860). It showed several risk factors for perioperative CVAs, including cervical level (pooled odds ratio [OR]=1.33), hypertension (pooled OR=2.27), atrial fibrillation (pooled OR=8.78), history of heart disease (pooled OR=2.47), and diabetes (pooled OR=2.13). CONCLUSIONS: It was speculated that the potential risk factors for the four perioperative CVA cases of spine surgery in this retrospective descriptive study were intraoperative dural injury, preoperative anticoagulant discontinuation, and gestational hypertension history. The meta-analysis revealed that cervical spine surgery, hypertension, atrial fibrillation, heart disease, and diabetes increased the CVA risk. This highlights the need for risk assessment, preoperative optimization, and postoperative care to reduce spine surgery-associated perioperative CVAs.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in southwestern Navajo Indians.; BACKGROUND: The Navajos are the largest Native American tribe. They, like other Native Americans, appear to be in an "epidemiologic transition" and are accordingly experiencing increased rates of hypertension, diabetes, and obesity. METHODS: A retrospective chart review of all pregnancies in 1991 at the Crownpoint Indian Health Service Facility in Crownpoint, NM, was conducted to determine the prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in this Navajo population. RESULTS: Seventy-five (12.6%) of 594 pregnancies were associated with a hypertensive disorder. There were 18 individuals who developed gestational hypertension and 10 individuals with chronic hypertension that persisted during pregnancy. There were 46 women (7.7%) who developed preeclampsia and one woman (0.3%) who developed eclampsia. Eight women (1.4%) with chronic hypertension developed superimposed preeclampsia during pregnancy. Thus, 12.3% of these pregnancies in Navajo women were associated with the development of, or worsening, hypertension, and there was a prevalence of preeclampsia of 9.1%. CONCLUSION: The Navajos exhibit a high prevalence of pregnancy-related hypertension and preeclampsia.
Outcomes among Neonates after a Diagnosis of Persistent or Transient Fetal Growth Restriction Delivered at Term.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate whether transient fetal growth restriction (FGR) that resolves prior to delivery confers a similar risk of neonatal morbidity as uncomplicated FGR that persists at term. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a medical record abstraction study of singleton live-born pregnancies delivered at a tertiary care center between 2002 and 2013. Patients with fetuses that had either persistent or transient FGR and delivered at 38 weeks or later were included. Patients with abnormal umbilical artery Doppler studies were excluded. Persistent FGR was defined as estimated fetal weight (EFW) <10th percentile by gestational age from diagnosis through delivery. Transient FGR was defined as EFW <10th percentile on at least one ultrasound, but not on the last ultrasound prior to delivery. The primary outcome was a composite of neonatal morbidity: neonatal intensive care unit admission, Apgar's score <7 at 5 minutes, neonatal resuscitation, arterial cord pH <7.1, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of the newborn, hypoglycemia, sepsis, or death. Baseline characteristics and obstetric and neonatal outcomes were compared using Wilcoxon's rank-sum and Fisher's exact test. Log binomial regression was used to adjust for confounders. RESULTS: Of 777 patients studied, 686 (88%) had persistent FGR and 91 (12%) had transient FGR. Patients with transient FGR were more likely to have a higher body mass index, gestational diabetes, diagnosed with FGR earlier in pregnancy, have spontaneous labor, and deliver at later gestational ages. There was no difference in the composite neonatal outcome (relative risk = 1.03, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.72, 1.47) for transient versus persistent FGR after adjusting for confounders (adjusted relative risk = 0.79, 95% CI 0.54, 1.17). There were no differences in cesarean delivery or delivery complications between groups. CONCLUSION: Neonates born at term after transient FGR do not appear to have differences in composite morbidity compared with those where uncomplicated FGR persists at term. KEY POINTS: · No differences in neonatal outcomes in uncomplicated persistent versus transient FGR at term.. · Transient FGR pregnancies more likely to deliver at later gestational ages.. · No differences in mode of delivery or obstetric complications in persistent versus transient FGR at term..
Animal models and animal-free innovations for cardiovascular research: current status and routes to be explored. Consensus document of the ESC Working Group on Myocardial Function and the ESC Working Group on Cellular Biology of the Heart.; Cardiovascular diseases represent a major cause of morbidity and mortality, necessitating research to improve diagnostics, and to discover and test novel preventive and curative therapies, all of which warrant experimental models that recapitulate human disease. The translation of basic science results to clinical practice is a challenging task, in particular for complex conditions such as cardiovascular diseases, which often result from multiple risk factors and comorbidities. This difficulty might lead some individuals to question the value of animal research, citing the translational 'valley of death', which largely reflects the fact that studies in rodents are difficult to translate to humans. This is also influenced by the fact that new, human-derived in vitro models can recapitulate aspects of disease processes. However, it would be a mistake to think that animal models do not represent a vital step in the translational pathway as they do provide important pathophysiological insights into disease mechanisms particularly on an organ and systemic level. While stem cell-derived human models have the potential to become key in testing toxicity and effectiveness of new drugs, we need to be realistic, and carefully validate all new human-like disease models. In this position paper, we highlight recent advances in trying to reduce the number of animals for cardiovascular research ranging from stem cell-derived models to in situ modelling of heart properties, bioinformatic models based on large datasets, and state-of-the-art animal models, which show clinically relevant characteristics observed in patients with a cardiovascular disease. We aim to provide a guide to help researchers in their experimental design to translate bench findings to clinical routine taking the replacement, reduction, and refinement (3R) as a guiding concept.
Characterizing acute and chronic complications among patients with diabetes mellitus in community health centers.; Context: Diabetes mellitus affects about 10% of the world's population and can lead to serious complications, which reduce life quality and expectancy. People with low income have higher risk of diabetes complications than those with high income, but data on the trends of diabetes complications in underserved populations are scarce. Community health centers (CHCs) serve millions of patients in the United States regardless of their health insurance status and are an ideal setting for assessing the rate of diabetes complications in underserved populations. Objectives: To describe diabetes-related acute and chronic complications among patients served by CHCs. Study Design: Retrospective cohort study of electronic health record data from the ADVANCE clinical research network. Population studied: Patients with diabetes between ages 19 and 64 (excluding pregnant women) and ≥1 primary care ambulatory CHC visit in 2017 (N=85,442). Outcome Measures: Rates and type of diabetes-related acute and chronic complications recorded in 2017. Results: The incidence of acute complications among patients with diabetes in 2017 was 14%. Patients experiencing acute diabetes-related complications had on average 1.8 complications (range 1-33). The most common acute complications were infections (58.3%), abnormal blood glucose or related metabolic abnormalities (20.5%), and strokes or transient neurological deficits (6.8%). Patients with acute complications were proportionally more likely to be female, non-Hispanic white, have Medicaid insurance, out-of-control diabetes, a prescription for insulin, a diagnosis of substance use disorder, and co-occurring physical or mental conditions. For chronic complications, the prevalence in 2017 was 77% among patients with diabetes. Patients experiencing chronic diabetes-related complications had on average 2.3 complications (range 1-19). The most common chronic complications were cardiovascular disease (33.9%), endocrine/metabolic symptoms (22.8%), and neurological symptoms (13.0%). Patients with chronic complications were proportionally more likely to be male, non-Hispanic black, have health insurance, obesity, substance use disorder, longer period with diabetes diagnosis, and co-occurring conditions. Conclusions: The vast majority of patients with diabetes receiving care in CHCs had chronic complications. These findings are concerning, as diabetes-related complications are associated with greater healthcare utilization and patient morbidity.
Diabetic papillopathy and proliferative retinopathy.; Diabetic papillopathy has been characterized as a syndrome in which predominantly young, insulin-dependent diabetics develop transient edema of the optic disc with minimal impairment of the function of the optic nerves. In this study, four patients with long-standing insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and acute disc swelling in one or both eyes were evaluated. The most unusual finding in these cases was that three had proliferative retinopathy either at the time the disc edema was discovered or very shortly afterwards. The fourth patient also developed this condition subsequently. It is important to be aware of diabetic papillopathy and to recognize the condition early enough so that the patient may be spared unnecessarily extensive neurological evaluations and invasive procedures. Patients with diabetic papillopathy should be closely observed so that the presence or development of proliferative retinopathy may be established.
Relationship of Glucagon-like Peptide 1 and Peptide YY with Catch-up Growth in Children Born Small for Gestational Age.; OBJECTIVE: Children born small for gestational age (SGA) are at a greater risk of developing insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Gastrointestinal peptides, some secreted by intestinal L cells, regulate glucose and lipid metabolism and act on the hypothalamus to regulate energy homeostasis. The aim of this study was to explore whether gastrointestinal peptides are involved in metabolic disorders in SGA, which remains unclear. METHODS: The secretion of glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and peptide YY (PYY) were investigated in prepubertal children born SGA, the differences between catch-up growth and persistent short stature were compared, and correlation with glucose and lipid metabolism was analyzed. GLP-1, PYY, insulin-like growth factor 1, glucose, insulin, and lipid concentrations were analyzed in prepubertal children aged 4-10 years, stratified into three groups: short-SGA (SGA-s), catch-up growth SGA, and normal growth appropriate for gestational age (AGA). RESULTS: Fasting GLP-1 and PYY concentrations were significantly lower in the SGA group than in the AGA group (p<0.05), and the GLP-1 level in infants born SGA with catch-up growth was lower than that in the SGA-s group (p<0.05). In the SGA population, GLP-1 showed a weak negative correlation with catch-up growth (r=-0.326) and positive correlation with fasting insulin (r=0.331). CONCLUSION: Lower GLP-1 concentrations may be associated with abnormal glucose metabolism in prepubertal children born SGA with catch-up growth. This is indirect evidence that impaired intestinal L cell function may be involved in the development of metabolic complications in SGA children.
Indicators for intervention during the expulsive second-stage arrest of labour.; OBJECTIVE: To identify antepartum and intrapartum indicators of obstetric interventions during the expulsive second-stage arrest of labour. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: The Netherlands. POPULATION: A cohort of 389,086 women with singleton, cephalic, term, live-birth deliveries from 2002 to 2004 who had entered the expulsive second stage of labour. Of all these deliveries, 37,899 (9.7%) were complicated by expulsive second-stage arrest of labour. Women with a prior Caesarean section or women undergoing an elective Caesarean section were excluded. METHODS: All deliveries in the Netherlands from 2002 to 2004 were registered in the Netherlands Perinatal Registry, which contains the linked and validated data of three databases. Uni- and multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Ante- and intrapartum indicators for interventions during expulsive second-stage arrest of labour. RESULTS: Primiparous delivery was the most important antepartum indicator for intervention during expulsive second-stage arrest. Using multivariable analysis the following antepartum indicators were associated with intervention for expulsive second-stage arrest of primiparous labour: maternal age, gestational age, diabetes, hypertension and labour induction. Prominent intrapartum indicators for primiparous deliveries were fetal head position and oxytocin augmentation. CONCLUSION: Multiple significant antepartum and intrapartum indicators associated with intervention for expulsive second-stage arrest of labour were identified in this large retrospective study. Prominent were the associations of parity, maternal age and fetal head position with expulsive second-stage arrest. The identified factors should be further evaluated in prospective studies that aim to develop prediction models.
[Natural history of diabetic retinopathy in a retrospective cohort of type 1 diabetics].; BACKGROUND: Diabetic retinopathy is one of the most common causes of blindness among adults. AIM: To report the natural history of diabetic retinopathy among Chilean patients with type 1 diabetes followed for a mean of 18 years. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective review of medical records of 39 patients aged 26 to 70 years, (20 females, 78 eyes) with type 1 diabetes controlled by the same ophthalmologist from 1971 to 2008. A questionnaire was sent to each patient and their treating physician to request information about the evolution of the disease and metabolic control. RESULTS: The questionnaire was answered by 24 patients (62%) and 21 attending physicians (54%). Small hard drusen were observed in 25 patients (64%). In 12 cases the drusen were detected before the development of any type of retinopathy. Eleven women became pregnant and retinopathy progressed in four of them. Twenty three patients (59%) developed proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR). Patients with PDR had a significantly longer duration of diabetes and worse glycemic control. There was a higher frequency of diabetic nephropathy in the PDR group, but only 13 patients out of 23 with PDR had nephropathy. The retinopathy progressed to high risk PDR two years after successful kidney-pancreas transplantation in one patient. CONCLUSIONS: In patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus, small hard drusen may be the initial manifestation of diabetic retinopathy. Risk factors for progression to PDR were duration of diabetic and poor glycemic control. Nephropathy was more prevalent in patients with PDR, but a significant group of PDR patients did not have demonstrable nephropathy.
Disparities in Cardiovascular Care and Outcomes for Women From Racial/Ethnic Minority Backgrounds.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in cardiovascular care are well-documented. This review aims to highlight the disparities and impact on a group particularly vulnerable to disparities, women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. RECENT FINDINGS: Women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds remain underrepresented in major cardiovascular trials, limiting the generalizability of cardiovascular research to this population. Certain cardiovascular risk factors are more prevalent in women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds, including traditional risk factors such as hypertension, obesity, and diabetes. Female-specific risk factors including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia as well as non-traditional psychosocial risk factors like depressive and anxiety disorders, increased child care, and familial and home care responsibility have been shown to increase risk for cardiovascular disease events in women more so than in men, and disproportionately affect women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Despite this, minimal interventions to address differential risk have been proposed. Furthermore, disparities in treatment and outcomes that disadvantage minority women persist. The limited improvement in outcomes over time, especially among non-Hispanic Black women, is an area that requires further research and active interventions. SUMMARY: Understanding the lack of representation in cardiovascular trials, differential cardiovascular risk, and disparities in treatment and outcomes among women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds highlights opportunities for improving cardiovascular care among this particularly vulnerable population.
Coagulation status in coronary artery disease patients with type II diabetes mellitus compared with non-diabetic coronary artery disease patients using the PFA-100® and ROTEM®.; Previous investigations in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD) revealed differences in thromboelastographic parameters indicating different states of coagulability. The aim of the present study was to investigate the coagulation status of patients with documented CAD and type II diabetes mellitus (DM) and non-diabetic patients with coronary artery disease with the PFA-100® and the ROTEM®. No differences were found in platelet function as measured with collagen/epinephrine (263.6 ± 70.6 s vs. 254.6 ± 65.3 s) and collagen/ADP cartridges (105.3 ± 63.2 s vs. 90.6 ± 47.3 s) in CAD patients with DM and CAD patients without DM. Measured with the EXTEM reagent of the ROTEM®, mean maximum clot elasticity (MCE) in patients with CAD and DM (233.6 ± 86.9) was significantly longer than in CAD patients without DM (186.7 ± 54.5), (p = 0.03). A similar result was seen using the INTEM reagent; patients with CAD and DM (234.4 ± 83.9) showed a higher value for MCE than CAD patients without DM (190.8 ± 57.8) which was of borderline significance (p = 0.053). Moreover, a weak trend for higher maximum clot firmness (MCF) was seen in CAD patients with DM compared with CAD patients without DM with the EXTEM reagent (68.1 ± 7.5 vs. 63.6 ± 8.6, p = 0.08) and the INTEM reagent (68.4 ± 7.2 vs. 64.1 ± 8.2, p = 0.09). The ROTEM® analysis indicates increased coagulability in patients with coronary artery disease and diabetes mellitus compared to non-diabetic CAD patients. Moreover, the ROTEM® device seems to be an appropriate and easy-to-use tool to describe the coagulation status in these patients groups.
Mother's pre-pregnancy BMI is an important determinant of adverse cardiometabolic risk in childhood.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal adiposity is associated with poor offspring cardiometabolic health. We aimed to evaluate the relationship of maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) on the BMI, body composition and cardiometabolic characteristics of the offspring. METHODS: Forty offspring of overweight/obese mothers (O-OW) and 28 offspring of normal weight mothers (O-NW) underwent evaluation of body composition, abdominal fat distribution, blood pressure measurement, fasting lipids and an oral glucose tolerance test. The anthropometric and cardiometabolic characteristics of O-OW were compared with those of O-NW, and the relationship to maternal BMI was evaluated. RESULTS: Subjects (mean age: 12.6 ± 0.4, female: 52.9%) had similar gestational age, birth weight, age, gender, and Tanner stage. However, O-OW had a significantly higher BMI (24.4 ± 1.2 vs. 19.7 ± 0.8 kg/m(2) , p = 0.001), % body fat (31.7 ± 1.6 vs. 24.6 ± 1.1%, p < 0.001), visceral fat (41.9 ± 4.7 vs. 26.1 ± 3.9 cm(2) , p = 0.012) with no difference in lean body mass compared with O-NW. O-OW had lower whole body insulin sensitivity index (WBISI) with an adverse cardiovascular disease risk profile [higher blood pressure (BP), triglycerides to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) ratio, hs-C-reactive protein (CRP) and lower HDL]. In addition to offspring's %body fat (β = -0.60, p < 0.001), maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (β = -0.19, p = 0.046) contributed significantly and independently to the offspring's WBISI (R(2) =0.55, p < 0.001). CONCLUSIONS: High pre-pregnancy BMI is an important contributor to excess adiposity, insulin resistance, and cardiometabolic disease risk in the offspring during childhood.
Human prorenin: pathophysiology and clinical implications.; Renin and prorenin, the latter after conversion to renin, are usually measured by indirect RIA using antibodies against angiotensin I. They can now also be measured by direct RIA using monoclonal antibodies reacting with total immunoreactive renin (renin plus prorenin) or with renin alone. Results of measurements in renal and peripheral venous plasma indicate that normally a large proportion of prorenin in plasma is of renal origin and they support the concept of separate pathways for prorenin and renin secretion by the JG-cells. Acute stimulation causes a prompt increase of plasma renin without any change in prorenin. During chronic stimulation both renin and prorenin are increased, in such a way that the ratio between the two is higher the stronger the stimulus. Thus, with acute stimulation only the release of stored renin appears to be increased (regulated pathway), whereas during chronic stimulation the synthesis and secretion of prorenin are also (constitutive pathway). During pregnancy, in the early luteal phase of the menstrual cycle and after ovarian hyperstimulation with gonadotropins, a normal or somewhat elevated plasma level of renin is associated with a disproportionally high level of prorenin. This is an indication of extrarenal production of prorenin and in these conditions the ovary, probably corpus luteum, seems to be the main source. In most patients with renin-producing tumors plasma prorenin is also disproportionally high. In diabetes mellitus complicated by micro-angiopathy plasma prorenin is also elevated whereas renin is normal or even low. In diabetics with end-stage nephropathy we found no significant veno-arterial difference in prorenin across the kidneys, despite high circulating prorenin and a very low blood flow through these kidneys, suggesting that also in these patients part of the increased prorenin in plasma is of extrarenal origin. Thus, measurements of prorenin in plasma in various pathological conditions may contribute to a better understanding of the physiological role of the renal and extrarenal renin-angiotensin systems.
[Development of a Predictive Model for Adverse Outcomes of Preeclampsia].; OBJECTIVE: To determine factors associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia and develop a predictive model. METHODS: Clinical data of 2 532 patients with preeclampsia who were admitted to our hospital from 2005 to 2014 were extracted for the study. The patients were divided into two groups, including 990 (39.1%) with adverse outcomes and 1 542 (60.9%) without adverse outcomes. Factors associated with adverse outcomes were identified through univariate analyses. The predictive model was developed through multivariate logistic regression analyses using a randomly selected sample containing 80% of the cases. The remaining 20% of cases served for the purpose of validation and the establishment of the ROC curve. RESULTS: Primiparas, educational attainments, prenatal care, multiple births, edema, chest pain, dyspnea, dizziness, headache, blurred vision, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, urine protein, liver and kidney functions were found to be associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia. Multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions entered into the logistic regression model (P<0.05). The Logit(P) model had a good fitness of data and 77.1% accuracy in predicting adverse outcomes. The area under the curve (AUC) of the ROC curve was 0.804 [P<0.01, 95% confidence interval CI): 0.758 to 0.849]. The highest sensitivity was achieved when the cut-off point set risk value at 0.300, [CM(155mm]with 58.6% patients having adverse outcomes representing 83.8% true positive rate and 46.8% false positive rate. CONCLUSION: Adverse outcomes of preeclampsia can be predicted through multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions. Risk value ≥0.300 is recommended.
Perinatal outcomes and long-term offspring cardiovascular morbidity of women with congenital heart disease.; OBJECTIVE: Due to advances in medical care available for patients with congenital heart disease, these patients now have a longer life span. As a result, the number of pregnancies of mothers with congenital heart disease has increased. The purpose of the current study was to evaluate perinatal outcomes of women with congenital heart disease and to examine long-term cardiovascular morbidity of offspring to mothers with congenital heart disease. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A population-based cohort analysis was performed including all singleton deliveries occurring between years 1991-2014 at Soroka University Medical Center. The primary exposure was defined as maternal congenital heart disease. Short-term perinatal outcomes as well as long-term cardiovascular related hospitalizations of the offspring up to the age of 18 years were compared between women with and without congenital heart disease. To compare perinatal outcomes between the two study groups, we conducted a Generalized Estimation Equation (GEE) model accounting for maternal age and multiple occurrence in the cohort, parity, fertility treatment, smoking and induction of labor. To compare cumulative long-term cardiovascular morbidity, we compared cardiovascular hospitalization incidence of offspring of mothers with and without congenital heart disease using Kaplan-Meier survival curve and Weibull regression analysis to control for maternal age, diabetes, smoking, hypertension, birth weight, and cesarean delivery. RESULTS: During the study period 243,313 deliveries met the inclusion criteria, of which 369 were of mothers with congenital heart disease. Maternal congenital heart disease was found to be an independent risk factor for low birth weight (adjusted OR = 1.5 CI 95 % 1.06-2.32, p=0.022) and cesarean delivery (adjusted OR = 1.4 CI 95 % 1.09-1.86, p = 0.008). Mothers with congenital heart disease also had higher risk for placental abruption, but it was not statistically significant (adjusted OR = 2.3 CI 95 % 0.87-6.16, p = 0.09). Long-term cardiovascular morbidity was comparable between the groups (Log rank p = 0.251; adjusted HR = 1.6 CI 95 % 0.62-4.42, p = 0.313). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, pregnancies of women with congenital heart disease are at an increased risk for adverse short-term perinatal outcomes, such as low birth weight and cesarean delivery. However, we did not find an increase in long-term cardiovascular morbidity among offspring of these women; still this association cannot be ruled out.
Long-term outcomes of patients with preeclampsia, a review of the literature.; Hypertensive pregnancy disorders affect up to 10% of all pregnancies and are associated with an increased future risk of heart disease, chronic hypertension, kidney dysfunction, diabetes, and thromboembolism. Although mechanisms are not yet well understood, endothelial dysfunction, pro-inflammatory and procoagulant states seem to persist in women with a history of preeclampsia many years after a pregnancy complicated by HDP. Moreover, the number and severity of these complications differs according to the type of disorder developed during pregnancy. Lifestyle modifications and long-term follow-up are essential to reduce the risk of developing a disease later in life. [Figure: see text].
Nutritional Programming: History, Hypotheses, and the Role of Prenatal Factors in the Prevention of Metabolic Diseases-A Narrative Review.; Childhood obesity and the numerous lifestyle diseases associated with it are undoubtedly among the key problems in modern medicine and public health. However, this problem concerns not only the present or immediate future, but also the longer term. Adult health is fundamentally shaped in the first years of life and in the fetal period. The preconceptual period, which is responsible for the proper preparation of the internal environment for the life and development of the fetus during pregnancy, is also significant. A special role in describing the phenomenon of conditioning the metabolism of the new human being is now attributed to the theory of nutritional programming. Research in this area was pioneered by David Barker, who put forward the theory of the "stunted phenotype" and described the relationship between a child's birth weight, which is largely a consequence of the mother's feeding behaviour, and diseases such as ischaemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes (T2D), dyslipidemia, or high blood pressure. This narrative review aims to provide an overview of the history, theory, and prenatal mechanisms involved in nutritional programming and its relationship to childhood obesity and other metabolic diseases.
Disturbed nitric oxide and homocysteine production are involved in the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in the F1 offspring of maternal obesity and malnutrition.; PURPOSE: The present study aimed to evaluate the changes in levels of different independent risk factors for vascular diseases in the rat offspring of maternal obesity and malnutrition as maternal health disturbances are thought to have direct consequences on the offspring health. The effect of postnatal diet on the offspring was also assessed. METHODS: Three groups of female Wistar rats were used (control, obese and malnourished). After the pregnancy and delivery, the offspring were weaned to control diet or high-caloric (HCD) diet and followed up for 30 weeks. Every 5 weeks postnatal, 20 pups (10 males and 10 females) of each subgroup were sacrificed after overnight fasting, the blood sample was obtained, and the rats were dissected out to obtain heart muscle. The following parameters were assessed; lipid profile, NEFA, homocysteine (Hcy), nitric oxide end product (NOx) and myocardial triglyceride content. RESULTS: Maternal obesity and malnutrition caused significant elevation in the body weight, triglycerides, NEFA, Hcy and NOx in the F1 offspring especially those maintained under HCD. Also, the male offspring showed more prominent changes than female offspring. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal malnutrition and obesity may increase the risk of the development of cardiovascular diseases in the offspring, especially the male ones.
Maternal B12, Folate and Homocysteine Concentrations and Offspring Cortisol and Cardiovascular Responses to Stress.; CONTEXT: Imbalances in maternal 1-carbon nutrients (vitamin B12, folate) have been shown to be associated with higher offspring cardiometabolic risk markers in India. OBJECTIVE: We examined the hypothesis that low plasma vitamin B12 (B12) and high folate and homocysteine concentrations in the mother are associated with higher hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (cortisol) and cardiovascular responses during the Trier Social Stress Test for Children (TSST-C) in an Indian birth cohort. METHODS: Adolescents (n = 264; mean age: 13.6 years), whose mothers' plasma B12, folate and total homocysteine concentrations had been measured during pregnancy, completed 5-minutes each of public speaking and mental arithmetic tasks in front of 2 unfamiliar "judges" (TSST-C). Baseline and poststress salivary cortisol concentrations were measured. Heart rate, blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance were measured continuously at baseline, during the TSST-C, and for 10 minutes after the TSST-C using a finger cuff; beat-to-beat values were averaged for these periods, respectively. RESULTS: Maternal low B12 status (plasma B12 < 150 pmol/L) was associated with greater cortisol responses to stress in the offspring (P < .001). Higher homocysteine concentrations were associated with greater offspring heart rate response (P < .001). After adjustment for multiple comparisons, there were nonsignificant associations between higher maternal folate concentrations and offspring total peripheral resistance response (P = .01). CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that maternal 1-carbon nutritional status may have long-term programming implications for offspring neuroendocrine stress responses.
A retrospective survey of perinatal risk factors of 104 living children with holoprosencephaly.; Holoprosencephaly (HPE) is a brain malformation resulting from a primary defect in development of the basal forebrain during early gestation. Prenatal genetic and environmental factors and birth outcomes were described in a population of 104 children with holoprosencephaly referred to three clinical centers from 1998 through 2002. The mean child age was 4 years. Of cases karyotyped, 9% presented with a chromosomal abnormality. This study of living children with holoprosencephaly, the majority of whom are cytogenetically normal, provides new information on the subsample of children with a less severe phenotype. Most children were born at term; about 51% were microcephalic at birth. Consistent with previous research, the association between HPE and maternal history of diabetes merits further investigation. Several findings have important implications for future research. Only 22% of the children in this study sample were diagnosed with holoprosencephaly prenatally. The vast majority of children (72%) were diagnosed with HPE between birth and 1 year of age. Also, 19% of the cases referred to the Carter Centers with HPE were not confirmed on scan review. When possible, future population-based epidemiological studies should emphasize mechanisms that identify children with HPE outside of the newborn period and confirm the diagnosis by review of MRI or high quality CT brain scan.
Chronic hypertension diagnosed by the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology criteria is associated with increased risk of developing hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: ACOG uses a systolic blood pressure (SBP) ≥140 or diastolic blood pressure (DBP) ≥90 documented at <20 weeks of gestation to define chronic hypertension. In the nonpregnant state, the American Heart Association (AHA) and the American College of Cardiology (ACC) define chronic hypertension using lower diagnostic thresholds of SBP ≥130 or DBP ≥80. It remains unclear whether using more conservative guidelines in pregnancy improves identification of those at risk for gestational hypertension (GHTN) or preeclampsia (PRE). OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate whether subjects with chronic hypertension based on the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology criteria had an increased risk for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia than those without chronic hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a retrospective cohort study utilizing a clinical database at a diverse, large urban, safety-net hospital. Subjects aged 18 to 40 years with singleton gestations and first trimester prenatal care were included. We defined subjects that met the criteria for stage 1 chronic hypertension based on first trimester systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure cutoffs satisfying the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology criteria (systolic blood pressure ≥130 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure ≥80 mm Hg). Those who did not meet these criteria had a systolic blood pressure <130 mm Hg and a diastolic blood pressure <90 mm Hg. We did not include those with chronic hypertension based on the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria in this cohort (systolic blood pressure ≥140 mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure ≥90 mm Hg at <20 weeks); therefore, those who met the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology criteria solely consisted of subjects with systolic blood pressure of 130 to 139 mm Hg and diastolic blood pressure of 80 of 89 mm Hg. By doing this, we were able to specifically investigate the increased risk for this specific population, which remains unclear. Diagnoses of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were based on the established American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria. Preeclampsia included those with and without severe features. Tests for normality were performed. Student t-tests or rank sum tests were performed as appropriate for continuous variables; chi-square or Fisher's exact tests were performed for categorical variables. Generalized linear models were performed to calculate risk ratios while controlling for appropriate confounders. RESULTS: Of N=3354 subjects, 18% (n=629) were diagnosed with stage 1 chronic hypertension based on American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology criteria. Those with American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology stage 1 chronic hypertension had increased rates of gestational hypertension (35.4% vs 20%; P<.001) and preeclampsia (22.3% vs 10%; P<.001) than those without Stage 1 chronic hypertension based on these criteria. When controlling for maternal age, race, first trimester body mass index, pregestational diabetes, and substance use, those with the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology stage 1 chronic hypertension had an almost 1.5-fold higher adjusted risk ratio of experiencing gestational hypertension (adjusted risk ratio, 1.49±0.10; P<.001) and almost 2-fold increased adjusted risk ratio of experiencing preeclampsia (adjusted risk ratio, 1.98±0.19; P<.001). CONCLUSION: Our data suggest an increased risk for developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia for subjects satisfying the American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology cutoff for stage 1 chronic hypertension. Future studies need to consider whether diagnosis of chronic hypertension in pregnancy should conform with American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology criteria, and if those with stage 1 chronic hypertension based on American Heart Association and American College of Cardiology criteria require the same preventative measures and interventions utilized by those diagnosed by American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists criteria.
Melatonin Enhances Proliferation and Modulates Differentiation of Neural Stem Cells Via Autophagy in Hyperglycemia.; Dysfunction of neural stem cells (NSCs) has been linked to fetal neuropathy, one of the most devastating complications of gestational diabetes. Several studies have demonstrated that melatonin (Mel) exerted neuroprotective actions in various stresses. However, the role of autophagy and the involvement of Mel in NSCs in hyperglycemia (HG) have not yet been fully established. Here, we found that HG increased autophagy and autophagic flux of NSCs as evidenced by increasing LC3B II/I ratio, Beclin-1 expression, and autophagosomes. Moreover, Mel enhanced NSCs proliferation and self-renewal in HG with decreasing autophagy and activated mTOR signaling. Consistently, inhibition of autophagy by 3-Methyladenine (3-Ma) could assist Mel effects above, and induction of autophagy by Rapamycin (Rapa) could diminish Mel effects. Remarkably, HG induced premature differentiation of NSCs into neurons (Map2 positive cells) and astrocytes (GFAP positive cells). Furthermore, Mel diminished HG-induced premature differentiation and assisted NSCs in HG differentiation as that in normal condition. Coincidentally, inhibiting of NSCs autophagy by 3-Ma assisted Mel to modulate differentiation. However, increasing NSCs autophagy by Rapa disturbed the Mel effects and retarded NSCs differentiation. These findings suggested that Mel supplementation could contribute to mimicking normal NSCs proliferation and differentiation in fetal central nervous system by inhibiting autophagy in the context of gestational diabetes. Stem Cells 2019;37:504-515.
Increased uterine artery pulsatility index at 34 weeks and outcome of pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate pregnancy outcome in patients with increased uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility at 34 weeks' gestation as an isolated finding. METHODS: Normotensive women attending at 34 weeks' gestation for fetal growth assessment were enrolled in the study if fetal growth was appropriate for age and mean UtA pulsatility index (PI) was persistently above the 95(th) centile for gestational age. Patients were excluded with any of the following conditions: multiple pregnancy, sonographic suspicion of fetal anomaly or fetal growth restriction, history of chronic maternal disease, hypertensive disorder or diabetes in the current pregnancy or one or more adverse events in their past obstetric history. The control group consisted of age- and body mass index-matched low-risk women attending at 34 weeks with normal uterine artery Doppler since the midtrimester. RESULTS: Sixty-six normotensive patients with normal fetal growth and increased UtA-PI at 34 weeks were included in the study group. Women with abnormal Doppler findings compared with controls showed significantly lower gestational age at delivery (38.2 ± 1.6 vs. 38.9 ± 1.3 weeks, P = 0.006), birth weight (2942 ± 583 vs. 3404 ± 469 g, P < 0.001), birth-weight Z-score (-0.61 ± 1.07 vs. 0.19 ± 1.05, P < 0.001) and increased risk of a small-for-gestational-age (SGA) newborn (13/66 vs. 1/66, P < 0.001). The occurrence of late pre-eclampsia (3/66 vs. 0/66, P = 0.24), admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (6/66 vs. 4/66, P = 0.74), rate of induction of labor (16/66 vs. 14/66, P = 0.83) and rate of Cesarean section due to fetal distress (6/66 vs. 3/66, P = 0.49) were comparable between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Increased UtA-PI as an isolated finding at 34 weeks' gestation is associated with an increased risk of delivering an SGA neonate.
Evidence-Based Recommendations for an Optimal Prenatal Supplement for Women in the U.S., Part Two: Minerals.; The levels of many essential minerals decrease during pregnancy if un-supplemented, including calcium, iron, magnesium, selenium, zinc, and possibly chromium and iodine. Sub-optimal intake of minerals from preconception through pregnancy increases the risk of many pregnancy complications and infant health problems. In the U.S., dietary intake of minerals is often below the Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA), especially for iodine and magnesium, and 28% of women develop iron deficiency anemia during their third trimester. The goal of this paper is to propose evidence-based recommendations for the optimal level of prenatal supplementation for each mineral for most women in the United States. Overall, the evidence suggests that optimal mineral supplementation can significantly reduce a wide range of pregnancy complications (including anemia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, hyperthyroidism, miscarriage, and pre-eclampsia) and infant health problems (including anemia, asthma/wheeze, autism, cerebral palsy, hypothyroidism, intellectual disability, low birth weight, neural tube defects, preterm birth, rickets, and wheeze). An evaluation of 180 commercial prenatal supplements found that they varied widely in mineral content, often contained only a subset of essential minerals, and the levels were often below our recommendations. Therefore, there is a need to establish recommendations on the optimal level of mineral supplementation during pregnancy.
Neonatal management and long-term sequelae.; Intrauterine or fetal growth restriction is best defined by using customised birth weight percentiles based upon the growth potential for an individual infant. Growth restriction in utero may be classified as asymmetric or symmetric depending upon the duration of the process. Asymmetric growth restriction is caused by placental insufficiency, maternal hypertensive conditions, long-standing maternal diabetes, smoking, living at altitude or multiple gestation. Symmetric growth restriction may be due to congenital infections, chromosomal or other abnormalities, fetal alcohol syndrome, low socioeconomic status or be constitutional. The underlying cause of growth restriction often predicts the potential adverse effects on the foetus and newborn and later effects in childhood and adulthood. With placental insufficiency, there may be chronic or acute on chronic fetal hypoxia with birth asphyxia and hypothermia, neonatal hypoglycaemia, polycythaemia and coagulopathy. Management is directed at prevention or early treatment of these conditions. In contrast, symmetrically growth-restricted infants should be examined carefully to look for congenital infections and malformations that may need specific interventions. Infants with constitutional short stature generally do not need any specific management. Feeding of growth-restricted infants is important to overcome deficiencies incurred in utero. Most infants show catch-up growth although about 10% do not. Those with excessive catch-up growth may be at greatest risk of developing insulin resistance in adulthood leading to diabetes, obesity and heart disease. The so-called fetal origins of disease may actually have a postnatal onset related more to excessive weight gain in infancy. There is still controversy over the indications for growth hormone treatment in growth-restricted infants who remain of short stature in early childhood. Intrauterine growth restriction is also associated with a five- to seven-fold increased risk of cerebral palsy probably due to chronic placental insufficiency.
Age at Menarche and Blood Pressure in Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate whether age at menarche is related to maternal blood pressure in pregnancy and, if so, whether obesity and insulin resistance can modify the associations. STUDY DESIGN: Analysis of data collected from 438 pregnant women from the longitudinal and prospective Cambridge Baby Growth Study. MAIN OUTCOME: Testing associations between questionnaire-derived age at menarche and blood pressure measurements in pregnancy collected from hospital notes, and investigating whether any associations were altered by maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and insulin resistance. MEASURES: Mean arterial blood pressure at four time points across pregnancy, age at menarche, (Homeostasis Model Assessment) insulin resistance around week 28 of pregnancy. RESULTS: For each increased year in age at menarche there was a drop in mean arterial blood pressure (mmHg) of 0.6 at 11.9 weeks, 0.9 at 31.4 and 37.0 weeks, and 0.4 at 38.8 weeks (a maximal difference of over 7 mmHg across extremes of AAM). Each association was attenuated by both maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and insulin resistance. CONCLUSIONS: Age at menarche is negatively associated with future blood pressure in pregnancy, so those with the earliest age at menarche have the highest blood pressures. Either these associations may be mediated by links between age at menarche and obesity/insulin resistance, or there may be a confounder (e.g. systemic inflammation) that links age at menarche to each of them.
Pathophysiological Effects of Contemporary Lifestyle on Evolutionary-Conserved Survival Mechanisms in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is increasingly being characterized as an evolutionary mismatch disorder that presents with a complex mixture of metabolic and endocrine symptoms. The Evolutionary Model proposes that PCOS arises from a collection of inherited polymorphisms that have been consistently demonstrated in a variety of ethnic groups and races. In utero developmental programming of susceptible genomic variants are thought to predispose the offspring to develop PCOS. Postnatal exposure to lifestyle and environmental risk factors results in epigenetic activation of developmentally programmed genes and disturbance of the hallmarks of health. The resulting pathophysiological changes represent the consequences of poor-quality diet, sedentary behaviour, endocrine disrupting chemicals, stress, circadian disruption, and other lifestyle factors. Emerging evidence suggests that lifestyle-induced gastrointestinal dysbiosis plays a central role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Lifestyle and environmental exposures initiate changes that result in disturbance of the gastrointestinal microbiome (dysbiosis), immune dysregulation (chronic inflammation), altered metabolism (insulin resistance), endocrine and reproductive imbalance (hyperandrogenism), and central nervous system dysfunction (neuroendocrine and autonomic nervous system). PCOS can be a progressive metabolic condition that leads to obesity, gestational diabetes, type two diabetes, metabolic-associated fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. This review explores the mechanisms that underpin the evolutionary mismatch between ancient survival pathways and contemporary lifestyle factors involved in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of PCOS.
Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn in Late Preterm and Term Infants in California.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: There are limited epidemiologic data on persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). We sought to describe the incidence and 1-year mortality of PPHN by its underlying cause, and to identify risk factors for PPHN in a contemporary population-based dataset. METHODS: The California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development maintains a database linking maternal and infant hospital discharges, readmissions, and birth and death certificates from 1 year before to 1 year after birth. We searched the database (2007-2011) for cases of PPHN (identified by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes), including infants ≥34 weeks' gestational age without congenital heart disease. Multivariate Poisson regression was used to identify risk factors associated with PPHN; results are presented as risk ratios, 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Incidence of PPHN was 0.18% (3277 cases/1 781 156 live births). Infection was the most common cause (30.0%). One-year mortality was 7.6%; infants with congenital anomalies of the respiratory tract had the highest mortality (32.0%). Risk factors independently associated with PPHN included gestational age <37 weeks, black race, large and small for gestational age, maternal preexisting and gestational diabetes, obesity, and advanced age. Female sex, Hispanic ethnicity, and multiple gestation were protective against PPHN. CONCLUSIONS: This risk factor profile will aid clinicians identifying infants at increased risk for PPHN, as they are at greater risk for rapid clinical deterioration.
[The use of oral antidiabetic drugs in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome].; The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age. It is a complex metabolic-endocrine disorder with severe long-term health consequences like type 2 diabetes. The increased risk for cardiovascular diseases in women with PCOS is due to diabetes, adipositas and dyslipidemia. Insulin resistance plays a key role in the pathophysiology of this syndrome. This makes the use of oral antidiabetic drugs most compelling. The majority of studies have shown amelioration of the typical symptoms like hyperandrogenism and cycle irregularities. Ovulation and pregnancy rates increased. Furthermore these drugs might be cardioprotective by improving insulin sensitivity and reduce the risk for type 2 diabetes. This article reviews the use of different oral antidiabetic drugs in the treatment of PCOS and their influence on fertility, the risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
Physical activity, sedentary behaviors, and estimated insulin sensitivity and secretion in pregnant and non-pregnant women.; BACKGROUND: Overweight and obesity during pregnancy raise the risk of gestational diabetes and birth complications. Lifestyle factors like physical activity may decrease these risks through beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis. Here we examined physical activity patterns and their relationships with measures of glucose homeostasis in late pregnancy compared to non-pregnant women. METHODS: Normal weight and overweight women without diabetes (N = 108; aged 25-35 years) were studied; 35 were pregnant (in gestational weeks 28-32) and 73 were non-pregnant.Insulin sensitivity and β-cell response were estimated from an oral glucose tolerance test. Physical activity was measured during 10-days of free-living using a combined heart rate sensor and accelerometer. Total (TEE), resting (REE), and physical activity (PAEE) energy expenditure were measured using doubly-labeled water and expired gas indirect calorimetry. RESULTS: Total activity was associated with reduced first-phase insulin response in both pregnant (Regression r2 = 0.11; Spearman r = -0.47; p = 0.007) and non-pregnant women (Regression r2 = 0.11 Spearman; r = -0.36; p = 0.002). Relative to non-pregnant women, pregnant women were estimated to have secreted 67% more insulin and had 10% lower fasting glucose than non-pregnant women. Pregnant women spent 13% more time sedentary, 71% less time in moderate-to-vigorous intensity activity, had 44% lower objectively measured total activity, and 12% lower PAEE than non-pregnant women. Correlations did not differ significantly for any comparison between physical activity subcomponents and measures of insulin sensitivity or secretion. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that physical activity conveys similar benefits on glucose homeostasis in pregnant and non-pregnant women, despite differences in subcomponents of physical activity.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) an evaluation of over 9 million deliveries.; OBJECTIVE: Evaluate the associations between irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes, using a population database cohort. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective analysis utilizing the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database over 11 years from 2004 to 2014. A delivery cohort was created using ICD-9 codes. ICD-9 code 564.1 was used to extract the cases of IBS. Pregnant women with IBS (study group) were compared to pregnant women without IBS (control). A multivariate logistic regression model was used to adjust for statistically significant variables (p value <.05). RESULTS: There were a total of 9,096,788 deliveries during the study period. Of those, 8962 pregnant women were found to have IBS. The prevalence of IBS increased from 47.96 to 172.68 per 100,000 women during the study period. Compared to the control group, women with IBS were more likely to be Caucasian, older, have higher incomes and private insurance plans (p < .0001, in all cases). In addition, they were more likely to be obese, smokers, hypertensive, IVF pregnancies, have multiple gestations, thyroid disorders, chronic interstitial cystitis, fibromyalgia and have psychiatric disorders (p < .0001 in all cases). Women with IBS were more likely to experience pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 1.11, 95% CI 1.02-1.21), preeclampsia (aOR 1.23, 95% CI 1.09-1.38), deep venous thrombosis (aOR 2.26, 95% CI 1.12-4.57), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.1, 95% CI 1.002-1.22) compared to the non-IBS group. Congenital anomalies were encountered in 1.7% of the IBS group compared to 0.4% in the control group (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.13-3.09). CONCLUSION: When controlling for confounding effects, IBS is associated with an increased risk for preeclampsia, DVT and increased risk for congenital malformation.
Sirenomelia with associated systemic anomalies - an autopsy report in a full term neonate.; The mermaid syndrome, also known as sirenomelia, is considered an extremely rare congenital developmental disorder characterized by anomalies of the lower spine and lower limbs. Affected babies are born with partial or total leg fusion. Sirenomelia is thought to affect one in every 60,000 to 100,000 infants. We report a case of sirenomelia occurring in a 28-year-old multiparous woman, a heavy smoker with gestational diabetes. In the other 5 pregnancies, however, she gave birth to normal babies. The post mortem examination completed the diagnosis, revealing also multiple malformations of several systems: respiratory, gastro-intestinal, genito-urinary and cardiovascular. In our full term neonate case with grade VI sirenomelia, the presence of a single umbilical artery plus the abdominal aorta with an aberrant trajectory that ends in the umbilical cord differentiates this condition from caudal regression syndrome and also explains the under-development of pelvic organs (secondary to vascular steal phenomena).
Metformin treatment of PCOS during adolescence and the reproductive period.; Insulin resistance is a common feature of PCOS. Hyperinsulinemia has been causally linked with all features of the syndrome, such as hyperandrogenism, reproductive disorders, and metabolic disturbances. Several insulin-sensitizing agents have been tested in the management of PCOS. Metformin is the only drug currently in widespread clinical use for PCOS. In a high percentage of patients, treatment with metformin is followed by regularization of the menstrual cycle, less pronounced hyperandrogenism and cardiovascular risk factors, and some improvement in the response to therapies aimed at induction of ovulation. In adolescent girls who are anovulatory and moderately obese, metformin administration can have a normalizing effect on multiple aberrations within the endocrine-metabolic status. During the reproductive period, metformin administration can improve reproductive function and the establishment of pregnancy. A role of metformin in prevention of gestational diabetes and hypertensive complications of pregnancy has yet to be shown. Finally, any real benefit of insulin-lowering treatment in terms of lesser cardiovascular risk in women with PCOS women remains to be demonstrated.
Epidemiology, genes and the environment: lessons learned from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study.; Nonoptimal growth during fetal life and infancy is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes later in life. This early pattern of growth is associated with an increased disease risk especially when followed by a relative gain in body size later in childhood. Genetic factors are closely involved in growth and disease pathogenesis and gene-early life environmental interactions will be described affecting adult health outcomes. This overview will primarily focus upon findings from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study consisting of 15846 subjects born 1924-1944 on whom growth data and information on adult health are available.
Profile and risk factors for congenital heart disease.; Congenital heart disease is an important cause of infant mortality and disability. The frequency, spectrum and contributory risk factors for significant cardiovascular malformations among live-births was retrospectively evaluated at the Aga Khan University Hospital. Of a total of 8331 live births between July, 1987 and December, 1992 34 babies were diagnosed to have congenital heart disease in the neonatal period giving a prevalence of 4 per 1000 live births. Ventricular septal defects was the most common (n = 10, 29%) abnormality. Eight cases had associated chromosomal abnormality, the most common being Trisomy 21. Maternal abortions, still-births, consanguinity and diabetes mellitus were not found to be significant risk factors for congenital heart disease in this survey.
A comparison of admissions to a semirural hospital between the years 1959/1960 and 1977/1978.; A survey was conducted of admissions to a semirural hospital for Black patients in Bophuthatswana for the period April - March of the years 1959/19610 and 1977/1978 to ascertain whether any measurable change had occurred in the disease pattern. No significant increase over the 18 years was found in the number of admissions for diabetes, appendicitis, peptic ulceration, or coronary heart disease. There was, however, an increase in the incidence of anorectal conditions and in admissions for hypertension.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and the risk of chronic kidney disease: A Swedish registry-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension) are associated with an increased risk of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Evidence for associations between HDP and chronic kidney disease (CKD) is more limited and inconsistent. The underlying causes of CKD are wide-ranging, and HDP may have differential associations with various aetiologies of CKD. We aimed to measure associations between HDP and maternal CKD in women who have had at least one live birth and to identify whether the risk differs by CKD aetiology. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Using data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR), singleton live births from 1973 to 2012 were identified and linked to data from the Swedish Renal Register (SRR) and National Patient Register (NPR; up to 2013). Preeclampsia was the main exposure of interest and was treated as a time-dependent variable. Gestational hypertension was also investigated as a secondary exposure. The primary outcome was maternal CKD, and this was classified into 5 subtypes: hypertensive, diabetic, glomerular/proteinuric, tubulointerstitial, and other/nonspecific CKD. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used, adjusting for maternal age, country of origin, education level, antenatal BMI, smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and parity. Women with pre-pregnancy comorbidities were excluded. The final sample consisted of 1,924,409 women who had 3,726,554 singleton live births. The mean (±SD) age of women at first delivery was 27.0 (±5.1) years. Median follow-up was 20.7 (interquartile range [IQR] 9.9-30.0) years. A total of 90,917 women (4.7%) were diagnosed with preeclampsia, 43,964 (2.3%) had gestational hypertension, and 18,477 (0.9%) developed CKD. Preeclampsia was associated with a higher risk of developing CKD during follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.92, 95% CI 1.83-2.03, p < 0.001). This risk differed by CKD subtype and was higher for hypertensive CKD (aHR 3.72, 95% CI 3.05-4.53, p < 0.001), diabetic CKD (aHR 3.94, 95% CI 3.38-4.60, p < 0.001), and glomerular/proteinuric CKD (aHR 2.06, 95% CI 1.88-2.26, p < 0.001). More modest associations were observed between preeclampsia and tubulointerstitial CKD (aHR 1.44, 95% CI 1.24-1.68, p < 0.001) or other/nonspecific CKD (aHR 1.51, 95% CI 1.38-1.65, p < 0.001). The risk of CKD was increased after preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, or preeclampsia complicated by pre-pregnancy obesity. Women who had gestational hypertension also had increased risk of developing CKD (aHR 1.49, 95% CI 1.38-1.61, p < 0.001). This association was strongest for hypertensive CKD (aHR 3.13, 95% CI 2.47-3.97, p < 0.001). Limitations of the study are the possibility that cases of CKD were underdiagnosed in the national registers, and some women may have been too young to have developed symptomatic CKD despite the long follow-up time. Underreporting of postpartum hypertension is also possible. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we found that HDP are associated with increased risk of maternal CKD, particularly hypertensive or diabetic forms of CKD. The risk is higher after preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, or preeclampsia complicated by pre-pregnancy obesity. Women who experience HDP may benefit from future systematic renal monitoring.
Early factors leading to later obesity: interactions of the microbiome, epigenome, and nutrition.; Obesity is a major public health problem in the United States and many other countries. Childhood obesity rates have risen extensively over the last several decades with the numbers continuing to rise. Obese and overweight children are at high risk of becoming overweight adolescents and adults. The causes are multifactorial and are affected by various genetic, behavioral, and environmental factors. This review aims to discuss a previously under-recognized antecedent of obesity and related chronic metabolic diseases such as heart disease and diabetes. Specifically, we highlight the relationship of the microbial ecology of the gastrointestinal tract during early development and the consequent effects on metabolism, epigenetics, and inflammatory responses that can subsequently result in metabolic syndrome. Although studies in this area are just beginning, this area of research is rapidly expanding and may lead to early life interventions that may have significant impacts in the prevention of obesity.
Effect of maternal malnutrition and anemia on the endocrine regulation of fetal growth.; Fetal growth retardation is a result of a complex pathology caused by multiple factors of fetal, placental, and maternal origin. Hormones and growth factors released as a result of maternal-fetal physiological interactions play an importance role in fetal well being and fetal outcome. Intrauterine Growth Retardation (IUGR) is associated with significant perinatal and childhood morbidity. It is estimated that 13.7 million infants are born annually with IUGR, comprising 11% of all births in developing countries. Both maternal malnutrition and anemia are associated with various degrees of fetal growth retardation. The relationship between decreasing birth weight percentiles and increasing fetal morbidity and mortality has been demonstrated by several investigators and epidemiological studies suggest that IUGR is a significant risk factor for the subsequent development of chronic hypertension, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, and obstructive lung disease in adult life (Barker's Hypothesis). Maternal anemia and/or malnutrition are recognized to be the most frequent cause of IUGR and SGA birth in developing countries like India. In order to investigate adaptive mechanisms by the fetus to overcome the growth disadvantage caused due to maternal nutritional limitations, we examined the quantitative variations in hormonal and growth factor profiles in paired cord blood and maternal samples obtained from neonates born to malnourished and/or anemic mothers. The results of our study show that: 1) The percentage of small for gestational age (SGA) neonates born to malnourished and anemic mothers was significantly higher than those born to mothers who were either malnourished or anemic; 2) Significantly higher levels of GH, PRL, HPL and IGF-1 were observed in the cord blood of neonates born to malnourished and anemic mothers indicative of an adaptive response on part of the fetus to over come an in-utero growth disadvantage; 3) The anoxemia-related fetal perturbations may have unique features that make them distinct from nutrient deficiency-related IUGR. Thus, these novel observations are relevant to the context of the ongoing scientific debate on Barker's hypothesis.
Prepregnancy body mass index and congenital heart defects among offspring: a population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the association between fetal development of congenital heart defects (CHD) and maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI, kg/m(2)) in the largest population-based case-control study to date. BACKGROUND: Mounting evidence implicates maternal obesity as a risk factor for birth defects. However, the association between maternal obesity and CHD in offspring has been less completely described. METHODS: We conducted a study of CHD using linked birth-hospital discharge records for Washington State between 1992-2007. All infants with CHD (n = 14,142) were identified based on ICD9-CM discharge diagnosis codes. 141,420 controls, frequency matched on year of delivery, were selected at random from among infants without CHD. Maternal BMI was calculated from maternal prepregnancy data. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of CHD relative to maternal BMI were calculated, adjusted for gestational diabetes. RESULTS: Infants with CHD were more likely to have an obese mother (OR 1.22, 95% CI 1.15-1.30). The strength of association increased with increasing BMI (BMI 30-34.9: OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.07-1.25; BMI 35-39.9: OR 1.25, 95% CI 1.13-1.39; BMI > = 40: OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.32-1.69). The association was greatest for left and right ventricular outflow tract defects (OR 1.27, 95% CI 1.02-1.59 and OR 1.43, 95% CI 1.20-1.69, respectively). Hypoplastic left heart syndrome was markedly associated (OR 1.86, 95% CI 1.13-3.05). There was no association with conotruncal defects (OR 1.04, 95% CI: 0.82-1.33). CONCLUSIONS: We confirmed the association between CHD and maternal obesity and observed increasing risk with increasing obesity. Outflow tract defects appear uniquely associated. A greater risk of CHD among offspring is an important outcome of maternal obesity, and suggests a need for targeted medical management strategies.
The effect of adverse pregnancy outcomes on vascular aging in young women: the Kailuan study.; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at increased future cardiovascular risk and require effective risk mitigation. However, data regarding appropriate postpartum screening for young women with APOs are lacking. We aimed to investigate the association between APOs and vascular aging by the determination of high pulse wave velocity (PWV) in young women. Women who gave birth from 1990 to 2020 and underwent brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) assessments in the postpartum period were recruited. We excluded women with age ≥50 years at the baPWV assessment or missing postpartum health examinations. The history of APOs including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and low birth weight were assessed by medical records. High PWV was defined as baPWV above the 90th percentile for different age group. Multivariable Logistic regression was used to evaluate the association of APOs and high PWV. 3193 participants were included in the analysis, including 912 (28.6%) individuals with APOs. The prevalence of high PWV in the non-APO group and the APOs group were 7.19% (164) and 13.9% (127), respectively (P < 0.05). Compared with non-APO group, the OR (95% CI) of APOs group was 1.67 (1.29-2.16). The risks in the 20-29, 30-39, and 40-49 age groups were 2.51 (1.13-5.59), 1.83 (1.30-2.59), and 1.35 (0.82-2.21) (P for trend <0.05). We conclude that APOs are risk factors of vascular aging for young women and the risk decreased with increasing age. BaPWV should be an important indicator for preventive cardiovascular risk management in young women with APOs. Clinical trial registration: Registration number ChiCTR-TNRC-11001489, http://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=8050 .
Maternal thyroid function during pregnancy and child brain morphology: a time window-specific analysis of a prospective cohort.; BACKGROUND: Adequate thyroid hormone availability during pregnancy is necessary for optimal fetal brain development. During the first 18-20 weeks of gestation, fetal thyroid hormone availability largely depends on the placental transfer of maternal thyroxine. Although various studies have shown that maternal thyroid dysfunction is associated with suboptimal child neurodevelopmental outcomes, the most vulnerable time window remains to be identified. The aim of this study is to examine the association of maternal thyroid function with child brain morphology and to study whether any association depends on the timing of thyroid assessment. METHODS: This prospective cohort study was part of the Generation R Study in Rotterdam, Netherlands, with a prospective population-based birth cohort. Pregnant women living in Rotterdam with an expected delivery date between April 1, 2002, and Jan 1, 2006, were eligible. Other inclusion criteria were maternal serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxine (FT(4)) measurement in early or mid-pregnancy (≤18 weeks) and available brain MRI data for child at age 10 years. Exclusion criteria were pre-existing thyroid disorder, thyroid disorder treatment, twin pregnancy, in-vitro fertilisation-induced pregnancy, and suboptimal-quality MRI data or major incidental finding on MRI. The main outcome was the association between maternal TSH and FT(4) concentrations with brain MRI outcomes of children. Regression analyses accounted for gestational age at blood sampling, maternal age, ethnicity, education level, smoking, thyroid peroxidase antibody positivity, child sex, age at MRI, and total intracranial volume. Effect modification by gestational age at blood sampling was also investigated. FINDINGS: Between Dec 1, 2001, and June 30, 2005, 7069 women were enrolled during early or mid-pregnancy (≤18 weeks of gestation), of whom 5088 were not included because they did not have available data on maternal serum TSH or FT(4) concentrations (n=1175), their child did not have brain MRI done (n=3377), or they met exclusion criteria (n=536). Thus, 1981 mother-child pairs were included in the study, with TSH and FT(4) concentrations measured during pregnancy at a median of 13·1 weeks of gestation (IQR 12·1-14·5) and offspring brain morphology assessed by MRI at a median age of 9·9 years (9·7-10·2). Maternal TSH had an inverted U-shaped association with offspring total grey matter volume (p=0·007) and with cortical grey matter volume (p=0·022). The association of maternal TSH with child total grey matter volume (p(interaction)=0·053) and cortical volume (p(interaction)=0·086) differed by the duration of gestation. Analyses stratified for gestational age at blood sampling showed an inverted U-shaped association of maternal TSH with child total grey matter volume and cortical grey matter volume, which was most evident at 8 weeks gestation. After about 14 weeks of gestation, TSH was no longer associated with child brain morphology. Maternal FT(4) concentrations were not associated with child total grey matter volume after adjusting for total intracranial volume (p=0·75). INTERPRETATION: Here, we show that both low and high maternal thyroid function are associated with smaller child total grey matter and cortical volume. To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first to show that an association with a neurodevelopmental outcome is most evident when maternal thyroid function is measured early in pregnancy. These novel findings suggest that embryonic brain development is particularly vulnerable to altered maternal thyroid function. FUNDING: Netherlands Organisation for Health Research and Development and the Sophia Children's Hospital Foundation.
Prenatal nicotine exposure and the programming of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders.; Presently, a growing interest is focused on the origins of the "Metabolic Syndrome", a cluster of several metabolic disorders linking obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Clearly, genetic predisposition and deleterious lifestyle, including low physical activity and hypercaloric alimentation, have an influence on the occurrence of the Metabolic Syndrome. However, recent data suggest that the Metabolic Syndrome could also be "programmed" during intrauterine life by diverse insults to the growing foetus. Nicotine is the main stimulant and dependence-forming alkaloid found in tobacco, and despite medical advice, statistics show that 20-30% of female smokers continue the habit during gestation, representing around 10% of all pregnancies. In consequence, nicotine is one of the most universally dangerous chemicals to which developing foetuses are exposed. The present review focuses on recent epidemiological surveys and experimental animal studies that provide evidences indicating that pre- and postnatal nicotine exposure might be a contributing factor for the occurrence of metabolic disorders later in life.
PPAR ligands improve impaired metabolic pathways in fetal hearts of diabetic rats.; In maternal diabetes, the fetal heart can be structurally and functionally affected. Maternal diets enriched in certain unsaturated fatty acids can activate the nuclear receptors peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) and regulate metabolic and anti-inflammatory pathways during development. Our aim was to investigate whether PPARα expression, lipid metabolism, lipoperoxidation, and nitric oxide (NO) production are altered in the fetal hearts of diabetic rats, and to analyze the putative effects of in vivo PPAR activation on these parameters. We found decreased PPARα expression in the hearts of male but not female fetuses of diabetic rats when compared with controls. Fetal treatments with the PPARα ligand leukotriene B4 upregulated the expression of PPARα and target genes involved in fatty acid oxidation in the fetal hearts. Increased concentrations of triglycerides, cholesterol, and phospholipids were found in the hearts of fetuses of diabetic rats. Maternal treatments with diets supplemented with 6% olive oil or 6% safflower oil, enriched in unsaturated fatty acids that can activate PPARs, led to few changes in lipid concentrations, but up-regulated PPARα expression in fetal hearts. NO production, which was increased in the hearts of male and female fetuses in the diabetic group, and lipoperoxidation, which was increased in the hearts of male fetuses in the diabetic group, was reduced by the maternal treatments supplemented with safflower oil. In conclusion, impaired PPARα expression, altered lipid metabolism, and increased oxidative and nitridergic pathways were evidenced in hearts of fetuses of diabetic rats and were regulated in a gender-dependent manner by treatments enriched with PPAR ligands.
The role of the gut microbiome in sex differences in arterial pressure.; There has been intense interest in the role of the gut microbiome in human health and a broad range of diseases in recent years. In the context of cardiovascular disease, gut dysbiosis (defined as a change in the gut microbiome and the gut-epithelial barrier) has been linked to disturbances in blood pressure (BP) regulation. These findings build upon our understanding of the complex pathophysiology of essential hypertension. There are clear sex differences in the epidemiology of hypertension, with distinct trends in BP across the life-course in men and women. To date, a role for the gut microbiome in contributing to the sex differences in BP is yet to be clearly established. The purpose of this review is to summarise the current literature regarding how the gut microbiome differs between men and women and to investigate whether sex-determined differences in the gut microbiome influence the response to factors such as diet, obesity and inflammation. Finally, we will explore evidence for the possible interaction between sex-specific factors, including sex hormones and pregnancy, with the gut in the context of hypertension pathophysiology.
Imaging of Pregnancy-related Vascular Complications.; Pregnancy results in substantial hemodynamic and prothrombotic changes that form the foundation for downstream vascular complications, both during pregnancy and in the postpartum period. In addition, several important risk factors, including older patient age, diabetes, and smoking, can increase the risk for vascular-related pregnancy complications. Because radiologists often play an important role in evaluation of the pregnant patient, understanding the pathophysiology of vascular-related complications in pregnancy and their imaging appearances is essential for diagnostic accuracy. The authors review relevant normal physiologic changes of pregnancy, pathophysiologic changes, and imaging features of vascular conditions that can manifest in conjunction with pregnancy. Particular attention is given to pertinent imaging information that radiologists should provide to referring clinicians to optimally affect the management of pregnant patients as well as women in the peripartum and postpartum stages. Among the complications discussed are preeclampsia; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count (HELLP) syndrome; spontaneous coronary artery dissection; placental abruption; amniotic fluid embolism and acute pulmonary embolism; dural venous sinus thrombosis; ovarian vein thrombophlebitis; vasa previa; uterine arteriovenous malformations; heritable aortopathies; and hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia. To help radiologists avoid the use of unnecessary ionizing radiation in pregnancy, imaging examination selection and optimization are also reviewed. Radiologists should be familiar with the physiologic changes of pregnancy, radiation risks during gestation, and pregnancy-related vascular complications to improve imaging examination selection, diagnosis, and clinical management. (©)RSNA, 2017.
Metformin Alleviated Aβ-Induced Apoptosis via the Suppression of JNK MAPK Signaling Pathway in Cultured Hippocampal Neurons.; Both diabetes and hyperinsulinemia are confirmed risk factors for Alzheimer's disease. Some researchers proposed that antidiabetic drugs may be used as disease-modifying therapies, such as metformin and thiazolidinediones, although more evidence was poorly supported. The aim of the current study is to investigate the role of metformin in Aβ-induced cytotoxicity and explore the underlying mechanisms. First, the experimental results show that metformin salvaged the neurons exposed to Aβ in a concentration-dependent manner with MTT and LDH assay. Further, the phosphorylation levels of JNK, ERK1/2, and p38 MAPK were measured with western blot analysis. It was investigated that Aβ increased phospho-JNK significantly but had no effect on phospho-p38 MAPK and phospho-ERK1/2. Metformin decreased hyperphosphorylated JNK induced by Aβ; however, the protection of metformin against Aβ was blocked when anisomycin, the activator of JNK, was added to the medium, indicating that metformin performed its protection against Aβ in a JNK-dependent way. In addition, it was observed that metformin protected the neurons via the suppression of apoptosis. Taken together, our findings demonstrate that metformin may have a positive effect on Aβ-induced cytotoxicity, which provides a preclinical strategy against AD for elders with diabetes.
A perinatal strategy to prevent coronary heart disease.; I investigated whether metabolism of essential fatty acids and the concentrations of their long-chain metabolites (long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids [LCPUFAs]) are altered in fetal or perinatal growth retardation, maternal hypercholesterolemia, low-grade systemic inflammation, insulin resistance, and atherosclerosis, conditions that predispose to the development of coronary heart disease (CHD).I critically reviewed the literature pertaining to the metabolism of essential fatty acids in CHD and conditions that predispose to it.LCPUFAs enhance endothelial nitric oxide synthesis, suppress the production of the proinflammatory cytokines tumor necrosis factor and interleukin-6, attenuate insulin resistance, and have antiatherosclerotic properties. Low-birthweight infants have decreased concentrations of LCPUFAs, especially arachidonic acid. Neonatal arachidonic acid status is related to intrauterine growth, and LCPUFAs improve fetal and postnatal growth. LCPUFAs are useful in the management of hyperlipidemia, inhibit 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase activity, and may mediate the beneficial actions of statins. Plasma concentrations of various LCPUFAs are low in diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and CHD and in populations at high risk of CHD. Breast milk is rich in LCPUFAs, and this may explain why and how adequate (6 mo to 1 y) breast feeding protects against the development of obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, and CHD.LCPUFAs are essential for the growth and development of the fetus and infant. LCPUFAs can prevent various conditions that predispose to the development of CHD. The low incidence of CHD seen in adequately breast-fed infants can be linked to the LCPUFA content of breast milk. Based on this evidence, I suggest that provision of LCPUFAs during critical periods of growth, especially from the second trimester of pregnancy to age 5 y, prevents CHD in adult life.
Cardio-Obstetrics: the Next Frontier in Cardiovascular Disease Prevention.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Internationally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. With risk factors for CVD continuing to rise, early identification and management of chronic diseases such as hypertension, diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea is necessary for prevention. Pregnancy is a natural stress test for women with risk factors who may be predisposed to CVD and offers a unique opportunity to not only recognize disease but also implement effective and long-lasting strategies for prevention. RECENT FINDINGS: Prevention begins before pregnancy, as preconception screening, counseling, and optimization of chronic diseases can improve maternal and fetal outcomes. Throughout pregnancy, women should maintain close follow-up, continued reevaluation of risk factors, with counseling when necessary. Continued healthcare engagement during the "fourth trimester," 3 months following delivery, allows clinicians to continue monitoring the evolution of chronic diseases, encourage ongoing lifestyle counseling, and connect women with primary care and appropriate specialists if needed. Unfortunately, this postpartum period represents a major care gap, as a significant proportion of most women do not attend their scheduled visits. Social determinants of health including decreased access to care and economic instability lead to increased risk factors throughout pregnancy but particularly play a role in poor compliance with postpartum follow-up. The use of telemedicine clinics and remote monitoring may prove to be effective interventions, bridging the gap between physicians and patients and improving follow-up for at-risk women. While many clinicians are beginning to understand the impact of CVD on women, screening and prevention strategies are not often implemented until much later in life. Pregnancy creates an opportunity to begin engaging women in cardiovascular protective strategies before the development of the disease.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes of births to women with psoriasis: a population-based cohort of 13 million births.; PURPOSE: Psoriasis is a common auto-immune disease affecting the skin and joints for which the current literature remains limited and contradictory in the context of pregnancy. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the association between psoriasis in pregnancy and maternal and newborn outcomes. METHODS: A population based retrospective cohort study was conducted using the 1999-2015 United States' Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample. ICD-9 codes were used to identify delivery admissions to women with or without psoriasis, as well as maternal and fetal outcomes. Adjusting for baseline characteristics, multivariate logistic regression models were performed to estimate the effects of psoriasis on maternal and newborn outcomes. RESULTS: The cohort consisted of 3737 women with psoriasis, among a total of 13,792,544 pregnancy admissions in US hospitals between the years 1999 and 2015, for a period prevalence of 27.1 cases per 100,000 pregnant women. Psoriasis was associated with preeclampsia, OR 1.4 (95% CI 1.2-1.6), gestational diabetes, 1.27 (1.13-1.42), myocardial infarction, 13.4 (3.3-54.6), chorioamnionitis, 1.3 (1.0-1.6), delivery by cesarean section, 1.2 (1.1-1.3), anemia, 1.74 (1.18-2.57), and requiring blood transfusions, 1.4 (1.0-1.8). Their newborns were at higher risk of being born preterm, 1.2 (1.1-1.4), congenital anomalies, 1.7 (1.2-2.4), and intra-uterine growth restriction, 1.5 (1.2-1.7). CONCLUSION: Women with psoriasis and their newborns appear more prone to adverse outcomes of pregnancy. It would be prudent for these women to be followed closely during pregnancy by their obstetrical caregiver and dermatologist. Further investigation is warranted regarding the management of psoriasis during pregnancy.
Serum levels of adiponectin and IGFBP-1 in short children born small for gestational age.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to quantify serum adiponectin concentrations in short children born small for gestational age (SGA) compared with those in children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA), and to assess the relationship between the serum levels of adiponectin and insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1) known as a predictor of the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Sixteen prepubertal short children born SGA and 20 short children born AGA, matched for age, body mass index, height, pubertal status, gestational age, bone age and midparental height, were included in the study. The serum levels of adiponectin, IGFBP-1, insulin and insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) were measured in the fasting state. RESULTS: The levels of serum adiponectin were significantly lower in the SGA than in AGA children (10.5 +/- 4.2 vs. 13.9 +/- 5.1 micro g/ml, P < 0.05). The levels of serum IGFBP-1, insulin and IGF-I were all similar in both groups. Overall, there was a significant positive correlation between adiponectin and IGFBP-1 (r = 0.40, P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that hypoadiponectinaemia in short SGA children without catch-up growth may reflect insulin resistance and imply a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. Additionally, adiponectin may be a more sensitive indicator for latent insulin resistance than IGFBP-1 in short SGA children.
Rapid stimulation of L-arginine transport by D-glucose involves p42/44(mapk) and nitric oxide in human umbilical vein endothelium.; D-glucose infusion and gestational diabetes induce vasodilatation in humans and increase L-arginine transport and nitric oxide (NO) synthesis in human umbilical vein endothelial cells. High D-glucose (25 mmol/L, 2 minutes) induced membrane hyperpolarization and an increase of L-arginine transport (V(max) 6.1+/-0.7 versus 4.4+/-0.1 pmol/ microg protein per minute) with no change in transport affinity (K(m) 105+/-9 versus 111+/-16 micromol/L). L-[3H]citrulline formation and intracellular cGMP, but not intracellular Ca2+, were increased by high D-glucose. The effects of D-glucose were mimicked by levcromakalim (ATP-sensitive K+ channel blocker), paralleled by p42/p44(mapk) and Ser(1177)-endothelial NO synthase phosphorylation, inhibited by N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME; NO synthesis inhibitor), glibenclamide (ATP-sensitive K+ channel blocker), KT-5823 (protein kinase G inhibitor), PD-98059 (mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1/2 inhibitor), and wortmannin (phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor), but they were unaffected by calphostin C (protein kinase C inhibitor). Elevated D-glucose did not alter superoxide dismutase activity. Our findings demonstrate that the human fetal endothelial L-arginine/NO signaling pathway is rapidly activated by elevated D-glucose via NO and p42/44(mapk). This could be determinant in pathologies in which rapid fluctuations of plasma D-glucose may occur and may underlie the reported vasodilatation in early stages of diabetes mellitus.
Periodontal Medicine: 100 Years of Progress.; Periodontal medicine is a term used to describe how periodontal infection/inflammation may impact extraoral health. Periodontitis has been linked to over 50 systemic diseases and conditions. As part of the Journal of Dental Research's Centennial Celebration, this narrative review discusses periodontal medicine research done over the past 100 y, with particular focus on the effects of periodontal disease on 3 pathological conditions: cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and adverse pregnancy outcomes. We selected 29 total studies that were the "first" of their kind, as they provided novel observations or contributed to shifting paradigms as well as important studies that made strong contributions to progress in understanding relationships to the systemic conditions. These studies were organized in an overview timeline and broken down into timelines by topic: cardiovascular disease (n = 10), diabetes (n = 12), and adverse pregnancy outcomes (n = 7). Overall, the majority of cross-sectional, case-control, and longitudinal studies have revealed positive associations between poor periodontal status and cardiovascular disease, diabetes metabolic control, and a number of adverse pregnancy outcomes, and these associations are upheld in systematic reviews. Findings from randomized controlled trials testing the effects of periodontal therapy on systemic health outcomes were conflicting and inconsistent. While there has been a great deal of progress, we highlight lessons learned and make comments and suggestions on a number of key aspects, including the heterogeneity of case definitions of periodontal disease across studies, accounting for features of the periodontal phenotype that are most relevant to the biological link between periodontitis and systemic outcomes, the role of other comorbid inflammatory conditions, selection of study participants, and timing and intensity of the periodontal intervention.
Effects of Maternal and Fetal Characteristics on Cell-Free Fetal DNA Fraction in Maternal Plasma.; OBJECTIVE: To study factors that influence the concentration of cell-free fetal DNA (fetal fraction) using a large clinical data set of pregnancies with male fetus. METHOD: A retrospective analysis of 23 067 pregnancies that received noninvasive prenatal testing from January 2012 to October 2013, including 22 650 normal singleton pregnancies (control group) and 417 pregnancies with aneuploidy, twin pregnancy, or various maternal conditions including preexisting hypertension, preexisting diabetes, hyperthyroidism, and carrier of the surface antigen of the hepatitis B virus (HBsAg; study group). Multiples of the median (MoM) analysis was performed in the control group to derive gestation and body mass index (BMI)-corrected fetal fraction. The effects of study group conditions on fetal fraction were examined by calculating the ratio of MoM (RMoM) values. RESULTS: Fetal fraction showed a positive correlation with gestational age (r(2) = .10, P < .001) and increased rapidly after the 21 weeks of gestation (r(2) = .26, P < .001). Negative association with maternal BMI was found with fetal fraction (r(2) = .04, P < .001). In study group, fetal fraction was higher among pregnant women with a trisomy 21 fetus (RMoM = 1.24, P < .001) and lower among trisomy 18 (RMoM = 0.84, P < .001). A 1.6-fold incensement of fetal fraction was observed in twin fetuses comparing to singleton pregnancy (RMoM = 1.62, P < .001). Women with preexisting hypertension had significantly lower fetal fraction (RMoM = 0.85, P = .02). Preexisting diabetes, hyperthyroidism, or carrier of HBsAg did not affect fetal fraction. CONCLUSION: The fetal fraction was affected by fetal aneuploidy, maternal BMI, and the number of gestation. Maternal preexisting of hypertension appeared to reduce fetal fraction.
Reduced uterine perfusion pressure decreases functional capillary density in skeletal muscle.; The purpose of this study was to examine the functional and structural capillary density in the reduced uterine perfusion pressure (RUPP) model, which when performed during pregnancy is an established animal model of preeclampsia. We hypothesized that the RUPP model would be associated with capillary rarefaction and impaired capillary perfusion, which would be more pronounced in the pregnant state. Female Sprague-Dawley rats (n = 32) were randomized to nonpregnancy (Nonpregnant) or breeding (Pregnant) at 12 wk of age and again to RUPP or SHAM surgeries on gestational day (GD) 14 (or equivalent age in nonpregnant rats). On GD 20 (or equivalent), capillary structure and perfusion of the extensor digitorum longus were imaged using digital intravital video microscopy. Functional videos were analyzed by a blinded observer to measure capillary density, expressed as capillaries per millimeter intersecting three staggered reference lines (200 μm). Flow was scored as the percentage of capillaries having 1) continuous, 2) intermittent, or 3) stopped flow. Total capillary density was not different between groups. There was a main effect of RUPP surgery resulting in decreased continuous flow vessels (P < 0.01) and increased stopped flow (P < 0.01), which was driven by differences between pregnant animals (Continuous flow: pregnant SHAM 80.1 ± 7.8% vs. pregnant RUPP 67.8 ± 11.2%, P < 0.05) (Stopped flow: pregnant SHAM 8.7 ± 3.2% vs. pregnant RUPP 17.9 ± 5.7%, P < 0.01). Our results demonstrate that the RUPP surgery is associated with a decrease in functional capillary density in skeletal muscle that is more pronounced in the pregnant state, which may contribute to the vascular pathophysiology observed in preeclampsia.
Diabetes mellitus and inflammatory periodontal diseases.; THE PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Periodontal diseases are inflammatory conditions that were once thought to have manifestations localized to the oral cavity alone, and were therefore considered the concern of only dentists and other oral health professionals. Emerging evidence has changed this view and now suggests that periodontal diseases may play a role in numerous conditions that impact systemic well-being, including diabetes mellitus. This review examines the relationships that exist between periodontal diseases and diabetes mellitus, with a focus on potential common pathophysiologic pathways including those associated with inflammation, altered host responses, and insulin resistance. RECENT FINDINGS: Periodontal inflammation is associated with an elevated systemic inflammatory state and an increased risk of major cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction and stroke, adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preeclampsia, low birth weight, and preterm birth, and altered glycemic control in people with diabetes. Intervention trials suggest that periodontal therapy, which decreases the intraoral bacterial bioburden and reduces periodontal inflammation, can have a significant impact on systemic inflammatory status. Evidence suggests that periodontal therapy is associated with improved glycemic control in many patients with both diabetes and periodontal diseases. SUMMARY: Recognition of the bilateral relationships between oral and systemic health will challenge physicians and dentists to work together closely in the future when managing patients with diabetes and periodontal disease.
[The seventh report of the confidential enquiries into maternal deaths in the United Kingdom: comparison with French data].; OBJECTIVES: To describe the main results and recommendations from the seventh report on confidential enquiry into maternal death in the United Kingdom (UK) (2003-2005). METHODS: Comparison with the most recent French data (1999-2001). RESULTS: Maternal mortality tends to increase and indirect causes are more common than direct causes. Causes of deaths and their respective ranking are strikingly different with what is observed in France. This can probably be ascribed to the increasing role of obesity, maternal age, tobacco use and diabetes in the UK. Cardiac disease now ranks first among indirect causes and is linked in half of cases to ischaemic heart disease. This contrasts with the French situation where cardiac death remains rare. Thromboembolic disease remains the main cause of direct deaths while the role of haemorrhage has decreased. This also contrasts with the French situation where haemorrhage remains of concern. Sepsis is now the second cause in the UK (at the same level than preeclampsia), while it is a rare cause in France. In both French and UK reports, substandard care remains of concern in many cases of direct deaths. Anaesthesia is now a rare cause of death (n=6) although the UK report emphasizes that in a large number of cases, anaesthesia has contributed to death because of substandard care (n=31). In many cases, the report highlights the deleterious role of unsupervised residents. CONCLUSION: The United Kingdom report integrates modern strategies that might improve patient safety, including systems failure analysis, incident reporting and registries. Systematic auditing (with proposition of auditable standards) might also prove important in facilitating implementation of the top ten recommendations. All these strategies might also be implemented in France and hopefully might prove to be also beneficial here.
An estimate of the global reduction in mortality rates through doubling vitamin D levels.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The goal of this work is to estimate the reduction in mortality rates for six geopolitical regions of the world under the assumption that serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) levels increase from 54 to 110 nmol/l. SUBJECTS/METHODS: This study is based on interpretation of the journal literature relating to the effects of solar ultraviolet-B (UVB) and vitamin D in reducing the risk of disease and estimates of the serum 25(OH)D level-disease risk relations for cancer, cardiovascular disease (CVD) and respiratory infections. The vitamin D-sensitive diseases that account for more than half of global mortality rates are CVD, cancer, respiratory infections, respiratory diseases, tuberculosis and diabetes mellitus. Additional vitamin D-sensitive diseases and conditions that account for 2 to 3% of global mortality rates are Alzheimer's disease, falls, meningitis, Parkinson's disease, maternal sepsis, maternal hypertension (pre-eclampsia) and multiple sclerosis. Increasing serum 25(OH)D levels from 54 to 110 nmol/l would reduce the vitamin D-sensitive disease mortality rate by an estimated 20%. RESULTS: The reduction in all-cause mortality rates range from 7.6% for African females to 17.3% for European females. Reductions for males average 0.6% lower than for females. The estimated increase in life expectancy is 2 years for all six regions. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing serum 25(OH)D levels is the most cost-effective way to reduce global mortality rates, as the cost of vitamin D is very low and there are few adverse effects from oral intake and/or frequent moderate UVB irradiance with sufficient body surface area exposed.
Is testing for aspirin response worthwhile in high-risk pregnancy?; OBJECTIVE: To explore the clinical impact of aspirin dosage adjustment in pregnant women at high risk of hypertensive disorders. STUDY DESIGN: In this retrospective observational study including women with pre-existing hypertension, pre-gestational diabetes or previous placental-mediated complications, we compared the rates of pre-eclampsia, early-onset and severe pre-eclampsia between women who used 81 mg of aspirin (ASA) throughout pregnancy without platelet function analyser (PFA-100®) monitoring ("group ASA no PFA") and those in whom the aspirin dosage was adjusted according to PFA-100® results ("group ASA and PFA"). RESULTS: 270 women were included in the analyses, 111 in group ASA and PFA and 159 in group ASA no PFA. Aspirin was started before 13 weeks in 71.7% of women in group ASA no PFA and in 79.3% of those in group ASA and PFA. PFA-100® monitoring was associated with a lower rate of pre-eclampsia (15.3% vs. 30.8%; aOR 0.36, 95%CI 0.19-0.67) and severe pre-eclampsia (3.6% vs. 15.1%; aOR 0.22, 95% CI 0.07-0.66), after adjustment for various risk factors for pre-eclampsia. The rate of early-onset pre-eclampsia was not statistically different between the two groups (7.2% vs. 13.2%; aOR 0.42, 95%CI 0.17-1.04). The rate of pre-eclampsia was higher in women who needed an increase in aspirin dosage (11/43, 25.6%) than in those who did not (6/68, 8.8%, p=0.03). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that a strategy involving platelet function testing and individualized dosing is effective in preventing pre-eclampsia in high risk women. PFA testing should not be considered as standard practice, however, until prospective controlled randomized trials have confirmed these observations.
Assessment of novel cardiovascular biomarkers in women with a history of recurrent miscarriage.; OBJECTIVES: A history of recurrent miscarriage is associated with future cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to determine novel cardiovascular biomarkers in women with a history of recurrent miscarriage as this might lead to a better understanding of the association. STUDY DESIGN: Women who visited the recurrent miscarriage clinic at Leiden University Medical Centre (between 2000 and 2010), and had three consecutive miscarriages ≤30 years were invited to participate in this follow-up study (between 2012 and 2014). The reference group consisted of women with at least one uncomplicated pregnancy and a history of no miscarriage, matched on zip code, age, and date of pregnancy. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Cardiovascular biomarkers were determined, classified into; inflammation (HsCRP, lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2), thrombosis (homocysteine, folate, anti-cardiolipin antibodies and anti-ß-2-glycoprotein antibodies), lipid metabolism (lipoprotein(a)), renal function (creatinine, microalbuminuria), myocardial damage (N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide, high sensitive TroponineT) and multiple mechanisms (albumin, vitamin D). RESULTS: In both groups, 36 women were included. Women with recurrent miscarriage had a significantly higher median HsCRP (1.49 mg/L) compared to women with no miscarriage (1.01 mg/L, p = 0.03) and a significantly lower mean albumin (46.0 vs 47.6g/L, p = 0.004) and vitamin D (55.6 vs 75.4nmol/L, p = 0.007), respectively. Differences remained after adjustments for classic cardiovascular risk factors (BMI, smoking, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest a proinflammatory state in women with a history of recurrent miscarriage, which suggests a less optimal health, compared to women with no miscarriage. More research (observational and intervention) is warranted to investigate the association with vitamin D.
The Impact of Irregular Menstruation on Health: A Review of the Literature.; Women are considered to have an irregular menstrual cycle if their cycle length is less than 21 days or more than 35 days, accompanied by less or very severe blood flow. The prevalence of menstrual cycle irregularities varies across countries. Irregular periods can occur due to changes in the body's levels of estrogen and progesterone hormones, which disrupt the normal pattern of the period. Menstrual irregularity has been found to be associated with various diseases and medical conditions, such as metabolic syndrome, coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and rheumatoid arthritis. Anemia, osteoporosis, psychological problems, impaired quality of life, and infertility have also been recorded. Moreover, a significant correlation between irregular periods and the risk of developing pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders, as well as an increased risk of adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes, has been proven. Therefore, irregular menstruation is considered an important health indicator among women. Physical, mental, social, psychological, and reproductive problems are often associated with menstrual irregularities. Thus, evaluating the factors associated with irregular menstruation is necessary to determine appropriate preventive and treatment strategies and to decrease the associated health problems. The aim of this review was to define normal and irregular menstruation, their types, and prevalence, to recognize the risk factors and causes of irregular menstruation, and to understand their impact on women's health.
Association of PCOS with offspring morbidity: a longitudinal cohort study.; STUDY QUESTION: Do children whose mothers have polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an increased risk of morbidity? SUMMARY ANSWER: Maternal PCOS is associated with an increased risk of infection, allergy and other childhood morbidity. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: PCOS is associated with higher rates of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and preterm delivery, but the long-term impact on child health is poorly understood. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: We conducted a retrospective longitudinal cohort study of 1 038 375 children in Quebec between 2006 and 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: We included 7160 children whose mothers had PCOS and 1 031 215 unexposed children. Outcomes included child hospitalization for infectious, allergic, malignant and other diseases before 13 years of age. We estimated hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CI for the association of PCOS with childhood morbidity in adjusted Cox proportional hazards regression models. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Children exposed to PCOS were hospitalized at a rate of 68.9 (95% CI 66.2-71.8) per 1000 person-years, whereas unexposed children were hospitalized at a rate of 45.3 (95% CI 45.1-45.5) per 1000 person-years. Compared with no exposure, maternal PCOS was associated with 1.32 times the risk of any childhood hospitalization (95% CI 1.26-1.40), 1.31 times the risk of infectious disease hospitalization (95% CI 1.25-1.38) and 1.47 times the risk of allergy-related hospitalization (95% CI 1.31-1.66). Risk of hospitalization was also elevated for childhood metabolic (HR 1.59, 95% CI 1.16-2.18), gastrointestinal (HR 1.72, 95% CI 1.53-1.92), central nervous system (HR 1.74, 95% CI 1.46-2.07) and otologic disorders (HR 1.34, 95% CI 1.26-1.43). Subgroup analyses suggested that there was little difference in the association of PCOS with hospitalization among boys (HR 1.31, 95% CI 1.24-1.39) and girls (HR 1.34, 95% CI 1.26-1.43). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We analyzed severe childhood morbidity requiring hospitalization, not mild diseases treated in ambulatory clinics. We lacked data on ethnicity, education and physical activity, and cannot rule out residual confounding. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings suggest that maternal PCOS is associated with an increased risk of childhood morbidity. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was supported by grant PJT-162300 from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research. N.A. acknowledges a career award from the Fonds de recherche du Québec-Santé (296785). The authors declare no competing interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Interactions of perturbations in intrauterine growth and growth during childhood on the risk of adult-onset disease.; The 'fetal origins' hypothesis (Barker, 1995) would predict that the rising epidemic of diabetes and CHD in India would be due to poor intrauterine growth of the Indian babies. While this explanation may be valid to an extent, the higher prevalence of these disorders in urban compared with rural India (where birth weights are lower) would suggest a significant role for postnatal factors. In a cohort of 477 children born in the King Edward Memorial Hospital, Pune, we found that at 8 years of age current obesity strongly predicted insulin resistance. When this effect was allowed for, low birth weight was significantly associated with insulin-resistance variables and other cardiovascular risk factors. Children who were born small but had grown heavy (or tall) were the most insulin resistant and had the highest levels of cardiovascular risk factors. Accelerated growth in relation to mid parental height was similarly predictive. Poor intrauterine growth also predicted higher central adiposity at 8 years of age. We have also studied maternal nutrition and fetal growth in six villages near Pune. A newborn Indian baby is small (2650 g, SD score (SDS) -1.6 compared with an average white Caucasian baby born in the UK) and 'thin' (ponderal index 2.45 kg/m3, SDS -1.2), but has preserved its subcutaneous fat (subscapular skinfold thickness SDS -0.6). The thinness of the Indian babies is due to poor muscle and small abdominal viscera. We have proposed this composition as the 'thrifty phenotype' (Hales & Barker, 1992) of Indian babies. Maternal size and intake of certain food groups during pregnancy were important determinants of the baby's phenotype. Thus, the small Indian babies are programmed to deposit fat from their intrauterine life. Exaggeration of this tendency in later life is associated with insulin-resistance syndrome. Control of the insulin-resistance epidemic in India might depend on improved intrauterine development and prevention of childhood obesity.
[Study on the differences of risk factors regarding congenital heart defects between floating population and permanent residents in Guangdong].; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the differences of risk factors on congenital heart defect (CHD)between floating population and permanent residents in Guangdong. METHODS: A multicenter case-control study was carried out to investigate the risk factors of CHD in floating population and in permanent residents. Data was from 34 Guangdong CHD Monitoring Network centers during the year of 2004 to 2011. Exposed information related to the parents at pre-pregnancy and early pregnancy periods, was collected, using the same questionnaire survey methodology in the two populations. Possible risk factors were analyzed by univariate analysis and multivariate non-conditional logistic regression(ENTER method)methods. Risk factors were compared between the two populations. RESULTS: Totally, 855 CHD cases and their controls from the floating population, as well as 1673 cases and their controls from the permanent residents were included in this study. Age of the children under study was defined from 28th week of gestation to 1 year old postnatal. In the floating population, specific risk factor for CHD appeared as:maternal passive smoking in early pregnancy, while the specific protective factor as high family income. However, the specific risk factors would include: having diseases as maternal diabetes mellitus or syphilis, living in a newly (within half a year) decorated house or with fetal macrosomia in the permanent residents. High education level showed as a risk factor in floating population, however contrarily, as protective factor to the permanent residents. Except for the factors related to having fever of the mother and infant with low birth weight, factors as having history of deliveries more than two, with maternal virus infection, exposure to chemical agent and negative bearing history etc., have higher OR values in floating population than in the permanent residents. CONCLUSION: Significant differences of risk factors for CHD were noticed between floating population and the permanent residents, which have their individual specific risk factors. Most of the ORs appeared higher in floating population than in the permanent residents.
Increased serum level of soluble vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-1 is associated with poor coronary collateralization in patients with stable coronary artery disease.; BACKGROUND: The present study investigated whether serum levels of soluble vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (sVEGFR)-1, -2 and -3 are related to poor coronary collateralization in patients with stable coronary artery disease (CAD). METHODS AND RESULTS: Serum levels of sVEGFR-1, -2, -3, VEGF, and placental growth factor (PLGF) were determined in 403 consecutive patients with angiographic total or subtotal occlusion of at least 1 major coronary artery. The degree of collateralization was graded according to the Rentrop scoring system. Low (Rentrop score of 0 or 1) and high (Rentrop score of 2 or 3) coronary collateralization occurred in 161 and 242 patients, respectively. Serum levels of sVEGFR-1 and -2 were significantly elevated, in contrast, VEGF and PLGF levels were remarkably decreased in patients with low collateralization than in those with high collateralization (all P<0.05). Significant differences in sVEGFR-1, VEGF and PLGF levels was consistently detected between the low and high collateralization subgroups for patients with and without type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) (for all comparisons, P<0.01). Multivariable regression analysis revealed that DM, dyslipidemia, elevated sVEGFR-1, and reduced VEGF and PLGF in serum were independently associated with a low degree of coronary collateralization. CONCLUSIONS: Increased serum sVEGFR-1 level is associated with poor coronary collateralization in patients with stable CAD. Type 2 DM is a predominant factor affecting collateral growth in these patients.
Gestational dyslipidaemia and adverse birthweight outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Low and high birthweight is known to increase the risk of acute and longer-term adverse outcomes, such as stillbirth, infant mortality, obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Gestational dyslipidaemia is associated with a numbers of adverse birth outcomes, but evidence regarding birthweight is still inconsistent to reliably inform clinical practice and treatment recommendations. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to explore the relationship between maternal gestational dyslipidaemia and neonatal health outcomes, namely, birthweight, metabolic factors and inflammatory parameters. METHODS: We searched systematically Embase, MEDLINE, PubMed, CINAHL Plus and Cochrane Library up to 1 August 2016 (with an updated search in MEDLINE at the end of July 2017) for longitudinal studies that assessed the association of maternal lipid levels during pregnancy with neonatal birthweight, or metabolic and inflammatory parameters up to 3 years old. RESULTS: Data from 46 publications including 31,402 pregnancies suggest that maternal high triglycerides and low high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol levels throughout pregnancy are associated with increased birthweight, higher risk of large for gestational age and macrosomia and lower risk of small-for-gestational age. The findings were consistent across the studied populations, but stronger associations were observed in women who were overweight or obese prior to pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis suggested that the potential under-recognized adverse effects of intrauterine exposure to maternal dyslipidaemia may warrant further investigation into the relationship between maternal dyslipidaemia and birthweight in large prospective cohorts or in randomized trials.
Current thoughts on maternal nutrition and fetal programming of the metabolic syndrome.; Chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease are the leading cause of death and disability worldwide. Although the metabolic syndrome has been defined in various ways, the ultimate importance of recognizing this combination of disorders is that it helps identify individuals at high risk for both type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Evidence from observational and experimental studies links adverse exposures in early life, particularly relating to nutrition, to chronic disease susceptibility in adulthood. Such studies provide the foundation and framework for the relatively new field of developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD). Although great strides have been made in identifying the putative concepts and mechanisms relating specific exposures in early life to the risk of developing chronic diseases in adulthood, a complete picture remains obscure. To date, the main focus of the field has been on perinatal undernutrition and specific nutrient deficiencies; however, the current global health crisis of overweight and obesity demands that perinatal overnutrition and specific nutrient excesses be examined. This paper assembles current thoughts on the concepts and mechanisms behind the DOHaD as they relate to maternal nutrition, and highlights specific contributions made by macro- and micronutrients.
Endothelial caveolar subcellular domain regulation of endothelial nitric oxide synthase.; Complex regulatory processes alter the activity of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) leading to nitric oxide (NO) production by endothelial cells under various physiological states. These complex processes require specific subcellular eNOS partitioning between plasma membrane caveolar domains and non-caveolar compartments. Translocation of eNOS from the plasma membrane to intracellular compartments is important for eNOS activation and subsequent NO biosynthesis. We present data reviewing and interpreting information regarding: (i) the coupling of endothelial plasma membrane receptor systems in the caveolar structure relative to eNOS trafficking; (ii) how eNOS trafficking relates to specific protein-protein interactions for inactivation and activation of eNOS; and (iii) how these complex mechanisms confer specific subcellular location relative to eNOS multisite phosphorylation and signalling. Dysfunction in the regulation of eNOS activation may contribute to several disease states, in particular gestational endothelial abnormalities (pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes etc.), that have life-long deleterious health consequences that predispose the offspring to develop hypertensive disease, Type 2 diabetes and adiposity.
Preeclampsia and Cardiovascular Risk for Offspring.; There is growing evidence of long-term cardiovascular sequelae in children after in utero exposure to preeclampsia. Maternal hypertension and/or placental ischaemia during pregnancy increase the risk of hypertension, stroke, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the offspring later in life. The mechanisms associated with CVD seem to be a combination of genetic, molecular, and environmental factors which can be defined as fetal and postnatal programming. The aim of this paper is to discuss the relationship between pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia and possibility of CVD in the offspring. Unfortunately, due to its multifactorial nature, a clear dependency mechanism between preeclampsia and CVD is difficult to establish.
Global gene expression analysis of cranial neural tubes in embryos of diabetic mice.; Maternal diabetes causes congenital malformations in various organs including the neural tube in fetuses. In this study, we have analyzed the differential gene expression profiling in the cranial neural tube of embryos from diabetic and control mice by using the oligonucleotide microarray. Expression patterns of genes and proteins that are differentially expressed in the cranial neural tube were further examined by the real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction, in situ hybridization, and immunohistochemistry. Proliferation index and apoptosis were examined by BrdU (5-bromo-2-deoxyuridine) labeling and TUNEL (terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase dUTP nick-end labeling) assay, respectively. Embryos (E11.5) of diabetic pregnancies displayed distortion in neuroepithelia of the cranial neural tube. Microarray analysis revealed that a total of 390 genes exhibited more than twofold changes in expression level in the cranial neural tube of embryos from diabetic mice. Several genes involving apoptosis, proliferation, migration, and differentiation of neurons in the cranial neural tube were differentially expressed in embryos of diabetic pregnancy. In addition, maternal diabetes perturbed the development of choroid plexus and ventricular systems and reduced the production of proteins such as Ttr and Igf2 in the developing brain, indicating that these changes could impair the survival and proliferation of neuroepithelial cells and neurogenesis in embryos of diabetic mice. It is concluded that altered expression of a variety of genes involved in brain development is associated with cranial neural tube dysmorphogenesis that may subsequently contribute to intellectual impairment of the offspring of a diabetic mother.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of maternal renal disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM) and preterm birth have been linked to maternal cardiovascular disease in later life. Pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum microalbuminuria, but there is no clear consensus on whether HDP increases the risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Similarly, it is uncertain whether GDM, preterm birth and delivery of low birth-weight infants independently predict the risk of maternal renal disease in later life. The aims of this proposed systematic review and meta-analysis are to summarise the available evidence examining the association between adverse outcomes of pregnancy (HDP, GDM, preterm birth, delivery of low birth-weight infant) and later maternal renal disease and to synthesise the results of relevant studies. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: A systematic search of PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science will be undertaken using a detailed prespecified search strategy. Two authors will independently review the titles and abstracts of all studies, perform data extraction and appraise the quality of included studies using a bias classification tool. Original case-control and cohort studies published in English will be considered for inclusion. Primary outcomes of interest will be CKD and ESKD; secondary outcomes will be hospitalisation for renal disease and deaths from renal disease. Meta-analyses will be performed to calculate the overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. The systematic review will follow the Meta-analyses Of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This systematic review and meta-analysis will be based on published data, and thus there is no requirement for ethics approval. The results will be shared through publication in a peer reviewed journal and through presentations at academic conferences. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42018110891.
Cardiovascular profile of pharmacological agents used for the management of polycystic ovary syndrome.; Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an adverse metabolic profile with an increased risk of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes (T2DM); however, it is unclear if PCOS is associated with increased cardiovascular events in later years independent of the presence of T2DM. Many therapies have been used to treat the differing facets of PCOS, including those for menstrual irregularity, hirsutism, acne and anovulatory infertility. The aim of this review was to evaluate the cardiovascular profiles associated with the medications used in the management of PCOS and evaluate whether they have cardiovascular benefit, detriment or are neutral. The medications reviewed include oral contraceptive pills, antiandrogens, clomiphene and drugs specifically used in diabetes therapy; metformin, glitazones, dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists. This review concludes that therapies that are used to treat these patients appear not to add to the cardiovascular risk and that there is no evidence that any interventional medical therapy may prevent the onset of diabetes in patients with PCOS, though in the case of metformin, this agent may be beneficial in preventing development of gestational diabetes.
A Case of Acalvaria in a Full Term, Live Born Male Infant.; Acalvaria is a rare cranial vault defect characterized by the presence of the cerebellum and cerebral cortex with the absence of the calvarium above the orbits, intact facial structures, and the presence of dura mater. Unfortunately, this diagnosis comes with a dim prognosis that is not compatible with life long-term. First-trimester diagnosis with ultrasonography can establish the diagnosis. If imaging is equivocal, advanced imaging with fetal MRI has a role to aid in distinguishing between similar cranial vault defects that fall on the spectrum including anencephaly, exencephaly, and acrania. We present the case of a term male infant with known acalvaria diagnosed incidentally on prenatal ultrasound that was delivered by cesarean section to a G3P3 mother at the time of delivery with two prior uncomplicated pregnancies. Maternal history was rather insignificant except for gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension well-controlled without medication. After initiation of comfort measures only, the infant expired on day of life two.
A pilot survey on obstetric complications in pregnant women with a history of repeated embryo implantation failure and those undergoing single local endometrial injury.; PURPOSE OF INVESTIGATION: To assess if a history of repeated implantation failure (RIF) or local endometrial injury (LEI) for RIF affects the pregnancy course in women who conceived in the subsequent in vitro fertilization (IVF)-embryo/blastocyst transfer (ET/BT) cycle. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Of 42 pregnant women with a history of three consecutive failed ET/BT cycles with negative pregnancy tests, 11 patients had a clinical pregnancy in the immediate subsequent ET/BT cycle following (the RIF group), whereas 31 patients had a clinical pregnancy in the subsequent ET/BT cycle following single curettage LEI in the proliferative phase of the preceding spontaneous cycle (the RIF/LEI group). Information on the obstetric complications were retrieved from medical records and compared with that of women who had a live birth in the first ET/BT attempt (the control group). Results: The clinical pregnancy rate, ongoing pregnancy rate, and live birth rate were significantly higher in the RIF/LEI group than in the RIF group (p < 0.010). There were no significant differences in the incidence of pregnancy of unknown location, ectopic pregnancy, miscarriage, stillbirth, preterm birth, premature rupture of the membranes, placenta previa, placental abruption, preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, caesarean section, and blood transfusion were similar between the three groups (p > 0.31). CONCLUSION: In this pilot survey, neither a history of RIF nor LEI intervention for RIF increased the incidence of obstetric complications in the women who conceived in the subsequent ET/BT cycle.
Prevalence and Outcomes of Congenital Heart Disease in Very Low Birth Weight Preterm Infants: An Observational Study From the Brazilian Neonatal Network Database.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the prevalence of congenital heart disease and their outcomes in a Brazilian cohort of very low birth weight preterm infants. DESIGN: Post hoc analysis of data from the Brazilian Neonatal Network database, complemented by retrospective data from medical charts and a cross-sectional survey. SETTING: Twenty public tertiary-care university hospitals. PATIENTS: A total of 13,955 newborns weighing from 401 to 1,499 g and between 22 and 36 weeks of gestational age, born from 2010 to 2017. INTERVENTIONS: None. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: The prevalence of congenital heart disease was 2.45% (95% CI, 2.20-2.72%). In a multivariate regression analysis, risk factors associated with congenital heart disease were maternal diabetes (relative risk, 1.55; 95% CI, 1.11-2.20) and maternal age above 35 years (relative risk, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.73-2.51), whereas the protection factors were maternal hypertension (relative risk, 0.54; 95% CI, 0.43-0.69), congenital infection (relative risk, 0.45; 95% CI, 0.21-0.94), and multiple gestation (relative risk, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.55-0.97). The pooled standardized mortality ratio in patients with congenital heart disease was 2.48 (95% CI, 2.22-2.80), which was significantly higher than in patients without congenital heart disease (2.08; 95% CI, 2.03-2.13). However, in multiple log-binomial regression analyses, only the presence of major congenital anomaly, gestational age (< 29 wk; relative risk, 2.32; 95% CI, 2.13-2.52), and Score for Neonatal Acute Physiology and Perinatal Extension II (> 20; relative risk, 3.76; 95% CI, 3.41-4.14) were independently associated with death, whereas the effect of congenital heart disease was spotted only when a conditional inference tree approach was used. CONCLUSIONS: The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease in this cohort of very low birth weight infants was higher and with higher mortality than in the general population of live births. The occurrence of a major congenital anomaly, gestational age (< 29 wk), and Score for Neonatal Acute Physiology and Perinatal Extension II (> 20) were significantly and independently associated with death, whereas the association of congenital heart disease and death was only evident when a major congenital anomaly was present.
Epigenetic basis for fetal origins of age-related disease.; The current concept of fetal origins of adult diseases describes in utero programming, or adaptation to a spectrum of adverse environmental conditions that ultimately leads to increased susceptibility to age-related diseases (e.g., type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease) later in life. Although the precise mechanism of this biological memory remains unclear, mounting evidence suggests an epigenetic basis. The increased susceptibility to chronic disease and involvement of multiple organ systems that is observed is analogous to the decline in resistance to disease that is typical of normal aging. Although the cumulative environment over the course of a lifetime can induce increasing epigenetic dysregulation, we propose that adverse events that occur during early development can induce significant additional dysregulation of the epigenome. Here, we describe the current evidence for fetal origins of adult disease and the associated role of epigenetic dysregulation. In addition, we present a new perspective on the induction of epigenetic alterations in utero, which subsequently lead to an aging phenotype marked by increased susceptibility to age-related diseases.
Women, lipids, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease: a call to action from the European Atherosclerosis Society.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women and men globally, with most due to atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Despite progress during the last 30 years, ASCVD mortality is now increasing, with the fastest relative increase in middle-aged women. Missed or delayed diagnosis and undertreatment do not fully explain this burden of disease. Sex-specific factors, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, premature menopause (especially primary ovarian insufficiency), and polycystic ovary syndrome are also relevant, with good evidence that these are associated with greater cardiovascular risk. This position statement from the European Atherosclerosis Society focuses on these factors, as well as sex-specific effects on lipids, including lipoprotein(a), over the life course in women which impact ASCVD risk. Women are also disproportionately impacted (in relative terms) by diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and auto-immune inflammatory disease. All these effects are compounded by sociocultural components related to gender. This panel stresses the need to identify and treat modifiable cardiovascular risk factors earlier in women, especially for those at risk due to sex-specific conditions, to reduce the unacceptably high burden of ASCVD in women.
Overexpression of fibronectin induced by diabetes or high glucose: phenomenon with a memory.; To identify events and mechanisms that might contribute to the poor reversibility of diabetic complications, we examined whether diabetes or high glucose induces changes in gene expression and whether such changes outlast the presence of the metabolic abnormalities. The study focused on fibronectin because the increased amounts of this glycoprotein found in diabetic tissues and thickened basement membranes are as yet unexplained. In streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats, fibronectin mRNA levels were increased to 304 +/- 295% of control (mean +/- SD) in the kidney cortex (P less than 0.02), and to 271 +/- 273% of control in the heart (P less than 0.02), while actin mRNA levels remained unchanged. Elevation of fibronectin mRNA persisted for weeks after restoration of near-normoglycemia. In cultured human endothelial cells, high glucose-induced overexpression of fibronectin and collagen IV remained detectable after replating and multiple cell divisions in the absence of high glucose. Cells shifted to normal-glucose medium after prolonged exposure to high glucose also exhibited a proliferative advantage over cells chronically maintained in normal glucose. Thus, diabetes increases fibronectin expression in tissues that are known targets of the complications, and the effect is not readily reversible. The in vitro studies suggest that hyperglycemia may be responsible for these events through induction of self-perpetuating changes in gene expression.
Intermittent absent end diastolic velocity of the umbilical artery: antenatal and neonatal characteristics and indications for delivery.; OBJECTIVE: To check whether there is a difference in indications for delivery, antepartum and neonatal characteristics in intermittent absent end diastolic velocity (iAEDV) compared to persistent absent or reversed end diastolic velocity (pA/REDV). METHODS: A retrospective study of 109 patients with iAEDV or pA/REDV from 19 to 39 weeks. The delivery indication was classified as maternal or fetal. The primary antepartum and maternal characteristics were age, parity, AMA, chronic hypertension, PEC, thrombophilia, lupus, diabetes, smoker, placenta previa, gestational age (GA) at diagnosis of IUGR and/or SGA, GA at diagnosis of elevated S/D, iAEDV or pA/REDV, GA at delivery, minimal/absent variability day of delivery, BPP ≤ 6 prior to delivery. The primary neonatal outcomes were birth weight, arterial cord pH, neonatal demise, necrotizing enterocolitis, intraventricular hemorrhage and length of stay in the NICU. RESULTS: Fetuses with iAEDV were diagnosed with an elevated S/D at a later GA (29.6 vs. 27.5 weeks, p < 0.03), delivered at a later GA (31.6 vs. 29.7 weeks, p < 0.01), had a higher birth weight (1336.6 vs. 933 g, p < 0.0004), were more likely to be delivered for maternal indications (42.9% vs. 20.27%, p < 0.01), had a higher cord arterial pH (7.28 vs. 7.21, p < 0.002) and were less likely to have an arterial pH at birth <7.2 (0% vs. 34.1%, p < 0.002). CONCLUSIONS: Although fetuses with iAEDV have an improved antenatal course as compared with pA/REDV, indications for delivery are more likely to be maternal and adverse outcome is common.
Epidemiology of childhood type 2 diabetes in the developing world.; Type 2 diabetes in the young is an increasing problem with potentially serious outcomes. Our understanding of the worldwide burden of this condition is incomplete, with many studies adopting different methodologies to assess the condition and reporting on specific communities or ethnic groups. Most of the data come from developed nations, with few studies from developing nations. The purpose of this review is to bring together the available data on type 2 diabetes in the young from the developing world, in order to highlight deficiencies in the knowledge of the condition and also to promote strategies to deal with it. Noted also are some of the factors associated with the condition, such as family history, genetic influences, intrauterine environment as well as the importance of birth weight, insulin resistance, obesity, and development of complications. These are of relevance in both developed and developing nations.
Periodontitis as a risk factor for systemic disease: Are microparticles the missing link?; Periodontitis is an oral inflammatory disease affecting the teeth supportive tissue. Its bacterial infectious etiology is well established. Periodontitis has been associated with increased prevalence of systemic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, preeclampsia, preterm birth and inflammatory bowel disease. The rational of considering periodontitis as risk factor for systemic disease is the passage of inflammatory cytokines and/or bacteria in the bloodstream, thus affecting distant organs. Membrane microparticles are released by multiple cells in inflammatory environment. Recent data suggested the role of these microparticles in the pathogenic process of many systemic diseases, that can be also associated to periodontitis. We hypothesized that periodontitis could be a chronic reservoir of microparticles, hence elucidating partially the interaction with systemic diseases initiation or progression.
Evidence That Increasing Serum 25(OH)D Concentrations to 30 ng/mL in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates Could Greatly Improve Health Outcomes.; Accumulating evidence supports the potential protective effects of vitamin D against chronic diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, autoimmune diseases, cancers, cardiovascular disease (ischaemic heart disease and stroke), type 2 diabetes, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, stroke, and infectious diseases such as acute respiratory tract diseases, COVID-19, influenza, and pneumonia, as well as adverse pregnancy outcomes. The respective evidence is based on ecological and observational studies, randomized controlled trials, mechanistic studies, and Mendelian randomization studies. However, randomized controlled trials on vitamin D supplementation have largely failed to show benefits, probably due to poor design and analysis. In this work, we aim to use the best available evidence on the potential beneficial effects of vitamin D to estimate the expected reduction in incidence and mortality rates of vitamin D-related diseases in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates if minimum serum 25(OH)D concentrations were to be raised to 30 ng/mL. Estimated reductions by 25% for myocardial infarction incidence, 35% for stroke incidence, 20 to 35% for cardiovascular disease mortality, and 35% for cancer mortality rates depicted a promising potential for raising serum 25(OH)D. Methods to increase serum 25(OH)D concentrations at the population level could include food fortification with vitamin D(3), vitamin D supplementation, improved dietary vitamin D intake, and sensible sun exposure.
Associations of dietary glycemic index and load during pregnancy with blood pressure, placental hemodynamic parameters and the risk of gestational hypertensive disorders.; PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to examine the associations of dietary glycemic index and load with gestational blood pressure, placental hemodynamic parameters and the risk of gestational hypertensive disorders. METHODS: In a population-based cohort among 3378 pregnant Dutch women, dietary glycemic index and load were assessed from food frequency questionnaires at median 13.4 (95% range 9.9-22.9) weeks gestation. Blood pressure was measured in early-, mid- and late-pregnancy. Placental hemodynamic parameters were measured in mid- and late-pregnancy by ultrasound. Data on gestational hypertensive disorders was acquired from medical records. RESULTS: Mean dietary glycemic index (SD) was 58 (3) and mean dietary glycemic load (SD) was 155 (47). Dietary glycemic index was not associated with blood pressure, placental hemodynamic parameters and the risk of gestational hypertensive disorders. Higher dietary glycemic load SDS was associated with a higher diastolic blood pressure in early-pregnancy, remaining after adjustment for socio-demographic and lifestyle factors ((0.98 (95% CI 0.35-1.61) mmHg per SDS increase in glycemic load). No other associations of glycemic load with blood pressure or placental hemodynamic parameters and the risk of gestational hypertensive disorders were present. No significant associations of dietary glycemic index and load quartiles with longitudinal blood pressure patterns from early to late-pregnancy were present. CONCLUSION: Within this low-risk pregnant population, we did not find consistent associations of dietary glycemic index and load with blood pressure, placental hemodynamic parameters and the risk of gestational hypertensive disorders. Further studies need to assess whether the effects on gestational hemodynamic adaptations are more pronounced among high-risk women with an impaired glucose metabolism.
Obesity in pregnancy: what's next? Long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether obesity during pregnancy poses a risk for subsequent maternal long-term cardiovascular morbidity, after controlling for diabetes and hypertensive disorders. STUDY DESIGN: Data were analyzed from consecutive pregnant women who delivered between 1988 and 1999, and were followed-up until 2010. Long-term cardiovascular morbidity was compared among women with and without obesity in pregnancy (maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m(2) or more). Kaplan-Meier survival curves were used to compare cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations. RESULTS: During the study period 46 688 women met the inclusion criteria, 1221 (2.6%) had a BMI ≥30 kg/m(2). During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, patients with obesity had higher rates of simple cardiovascular events and total number of cardiovascular hospitalizations. These complications tended to occur at a shorter interval (mean 4871 days ± 950 versus 5060 days ± 1140; p = 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazards model that adjusted for diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and maternal age, obesity was independently associated with cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted HR 2.6, 95% CI 2.0-3.4). CONCLUSION: Obesity during pregnancy is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity, and these complications tend to occur earlier. Pregnancy should be considered as a window of opportunity to predict future health problems and as an opportunity to promote women's health. Obese parturients might benefit from cardiovascular risk screening that could lead to early detection and secondary prevention of cardiovascular morbidity.
Acquired hypercoagulable states.; Acquired hypercoagulable states comprise a diverse group of clinical conditions that are associated with an increased risk of thrombosis. These clinical conditions include malignancy, diabetes mellitus, venous stasis, pregnancy, oral contraceptive use, lupus anticoagulant, postoperative state, immobilization, myeloproliferative disorders, and nephrotic syndrome. Recognition of these associations, possible underlying mechanisms, identification of high risk individuals, thromboembolic prophylaxis, and other clinical implications are discussed.
Reproductive Factors Predicting Angiographic Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: The KoRean wOmen'S Chest Pain rEgistry (KoROSE).; BACKGROUND: Whether reproductive factors are associated with coronary artery disease (CAD) has been debated. The aim of this study was to investigate etiologic associations of a wide range of reproductive factors of women with the presence of angiographic obstructive CAD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Study data were obtained from a nationwide registry that enrolled 687 Korean women (59.9 ± 11.4 years) with chest pain undergoing invasive coronary angiography (ICA). Obstructive CAD was defined as ≥50% luminal stenosis of one or more epicardial coronary arteries in ICA. Information on reproductive history, including ages at menarche and menopause, duration of reproductive capacity, number of pregnancies, hormonal replacement therapy, and history of twin pregnancy, was obtained using a standardized questionnaire. RESULTS: A total of 178 women (25.9%) had obstructive CAD. Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that later age at menarche (odds ratio [OR] = 1.265, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.064-1.504, p = 0.008, per year) and increased number of pregnancies (OR = 1.223, 95% CI = 1.026-1.457, p = 0.025, per pregnancy) were the independent predictors of obstructive CAD even after controlling for potential confounders, including age, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, renal function, high-density lipoprotein level, white blood cell count, hemoglobin, and E/e'. CONCLUSIONS: Later age at menarche and increased number of pregnancies may be reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive CAD, suggesting the important role of hormonal status in the development of CAD.
Birth weight-for-gestational age is associated with DNA methylation at birth and in childhood.; BACKGROUND: Both higher and lower fetal growth are associated with cardio-metabolic health later in life, suggesting that prenatal developmental programming determines long-term cardiovascular disease risk. Epigenetic mechanisms, which orchestrate fetal growth and development, may offer insight on the early programming of health and disease. We investigated whether birth weight-for-gestational is associated with DNA methylation at birth and mid-childhood, measured via the Infinium 450K array. METHODS/RESULTS: Participants were from Project Viva, a pre-birth cohort of pregnant women and their children in Eastern Massachusetts. After exclusion of participants with maternal type 1 or 2 diabetes and gestational age <34 weeks, we used DNA methylation assays from 476 venous umbilical cord blood samples and a subset of 235 who additionally had peripheral blood samples available in mid-childhood (age 7-10 years). Among 392,918 CpG sites analyzed, birth weight-for-gestational age z-score was associated with cord blood DNA methylation at 34 CpGs (false discovery rate P < 0.05), after adjusting for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking, parity, delivery mode, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational diabetes status, child sex, and estimated cord blood cell proportions based on a cord blood reference panel. Two of these CpGs were previously reported in epigenome-wide analyses of birth weight, and several other CpGs map to genes relevant to fetal growth and development. Namely, higher birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with higher methylation at four CpGs at the PBX1 locus (e.g., β (95% CI) for lead signal at cg06750897 = 1.9 (1.2, 2.6)), which encodes a transcription factor that regulates embryonic development. Birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with mid-childhood blood DNA methylation at four of the 34 CpGs identified in cord blood analyses, including sites at the PBX1 locus described. CONCLUSIONS: We identified CpG sites where birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with DNA methylation at birth, and for a subset of these sites, birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with DNA methylation at mid-childhood.
Antibiotic treatment of women with isolated intrapartum fever vs clinical chorioamnionitis: maternal and neonatal outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Clinical chorioamnionitis refers to the presence of maternal fever (≥38°C) and at least 2 clinical signs: (1) maternal tachycardia (>100 bpm), (2) fetal tachycardia (>160 bpm), (3) maternal leukocytosis >15,000/mm(2), (4) purulent vaginal discharge, and (5) uterine tenderness. Few data exist to guide the appropriate management of women with isolated intrapartum fever in the absence of other clinical signs suggesting chorioamnionitis. OBJECTIVE: This study compared maternal and neonatal infectious outcomes and microbiological outcomes between women with isolated intrapartum fever and women with clinical chorioamnionitis. STUDY DESIGN: This 10-year retrospective study included all the laboring women at our institution, at ≥34 weeks of gestation, with a singleton pregnancy and body temperature of ≥38.0°C, with or without other evidences of infection. According to our department protocol, women with isolated intrapartum fever received intravenous ampicillin, whereas women with clinical chorioamnionitis received intravenous ampicillin plus gentamicin. The primary outcome was puerperal endometritis, compared between women with isolated intrapartum fever (treated with ampicillin) and women with clinical chorioamnionitis (treated with ampicillin plus gentamicin). The secondary maternal outcomes consisted of (1) maternal clinical outcomes, such as cesarean delivery, surgical site infection, postpartum hemorrhage, and postpartum length of stay, and (2) microbiological studies, including positive chorioamniotic membrane swabs and blood culture. Among the secondary neonatal outcomes were early-onset sepsis, neonatal intensive care unit admission, and length of stay. Of note, 2 multivariate logistic regression models were created. A model aimed to predict puerperal endometritis controlled for gestational age of >41 weeks, diabetes mellitus, obesity, positive group B streptococcus status, rupture of membrane ≥18 hours, meconium staining, positive chorioamniotic membrane swabs, cesarean delivery, and empiric postdelivery antibiotic administration. A model aimed to predict neonatal early-onset sepsis controlled for gestational age of 34 to 37 weeks, positive group B streptococcus status, rupture of membrane ≥18 hours, and positive chorioamniotic membrane swabs. RESULTS: Overall, 458 women met the inclusion criteria. Compared with women with clinical chorioamnionitis (n=231), women with isolated intrapartum fever (n=227) had higher rates of puerperal endometritis (3.9% vs 8.8%; P=.03), early-onset sepsis (0.4% vs 4.4%; P=.005), positive chorioamniotic membrane swabs (46.3% vs 63.9%; P<.001), and ampicillin-resistant Escherichia coli (35.5% vs 48.9%; P=.033). The rate of group B streptococcus-positive chorioamniotic membrane swabs was similar between the groups. In a subanalysis of women with negative or unknown group B streptococcus status, the puerperal endometritis and neonatal early-onset sepsis rates were higher among women with isolated intrapartum fever than women with suspected chorioamnionitis (8.7% vs 3.3% [P=.041] and 4.1% vs 0% [P<.001], respectively). In 2 multivariate analysis models, among women with isolated intrapartum fever treated with ampicillin compared with those with clinical chorioamnionitis treated with ampicillin and gentamicin, the odds ratio of antibiotic treatment of endometritis was 2.65 (95% confidence interval, 1.06-6.62; P=.036), and the odds ratio of neonatal early-onset sepsis was 8.33 (95% confidence interval, 1.04-60.60; P=.045). CONCLUSION: Women with intrapartum fever, with or without other signs of infection, were at increased risk of maternal and neonatal complications. The use of ampicillin as a sole agent in isolated intrapartum fever might promote ampicillin-resistant E coli growth in the chorioamniotic membranes and consequently lead to puerperal endometritis and early-onset sepsis. In this context, a broad-range antibiotic should be considered.
Sex-specific effects of nutritional supplements in infants born early or small: protocol for an individual participant data meta-analysis (ESSENCE IPD-MA).; INTRODUCTION: Preterm and small for gestational age (SGA) infants are at increased risk of poor growth, disability and delayed development. While growing up they are also at increased risk of obesity, diabetes and later heart disease. The risk of such adverse outcomes may be altered by how preterm and SGA infants are fed after birth. Faltering postnatal growth is common due to failure to achieve recommended high energy and protein intakes, and thus preterm and SGA infants are often provided with supplemental nutrition soon after birth. Enhanced nutrition has been associated with improved early growth and better cognitive development. However, limited evidence suggests that faster growth may increase the risk for later adiposity, metabolic and cardiovascular disease, and that such risks may differ between girls and boys. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We will search Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane CENTRAL, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, controlled-trials.com, ClinicalTrials.gov and anzctr.org.au for randomised trials that studied the effects of macronutrient supplements for preterm and SGA infants on (i) developmental and metabolic and (ii) growth outcomes after hospital discharge. The outcomes will be (i) cognitive impairment and metabolic risk (co-primary) and (ii) body mass index. Individual participant data (IPD) from all available trials will be included using an intention-to-treat approach. A one-stage procedure for IPD meta-analysis (MA) will be used, accounting for clustering of participants within studies. Exploratory subgroup analyses will further investigate sources of heterogeneity, including sex and size of infants, different timing, duration and type of supplements. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This IPD-MA is approved by the University of Auckland Human Participants Ethics Committee (reference number: 019874). Individual studies have approval from relevant local ethics committees. Results will be disseminated in a peer-reviewed journal and presented at international conferences. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42017072683.
Predictors of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy in women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome: The Australian Longitudinal Study of Women's Health.; OBJECTIVES: A higher risk of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) is frequently reported in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). These women, however, have a higher risk profile for HDP compared with women without PCOS. The aim of this study was to elucidate the impact of PCOS per se on the incidence of HDP through post hoc subgroup analyses of the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health by level of risk. DESIGN: Longitudinal study. PATIENTS: Of a total of 14,247 participants, 5838 women met the inclusion criteria. Eligible women were required to report PCOS and HDP status in at least one pregnancy within the study. MEASUREMENTS: Included risk factors were age, body mass index, country of birth, parity, multiple pregnancy, subfertility, infertility treatment (hormonal vs. in vitro fertilization), gestational diabetes (GDM), family history of GDM and socioeconomic status. Longitudinal association between PCOS and HDP was assessed the using Cox proportional hazard regression with Efron's method. RESULTS: While PCOS was associated with a higher incidence of HDP in a univariate model [hazard ratio (HR): 1.34, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.05, 1.72], the significance was not retained after adjustment for risk factors [HR: 1.19, 95% CI: 0.79, 1.79]. However in multivariate analysis of subgroups, PCOS remained significantly associated with higher risk of HDP in non-obese women only [HR: 1.77, 95% CI: 1.11, 2.82]. CONCLUSIONS: Higher risk of HDP in PCOS is likely related to risk factors other than PCOS.
Preparing patients to travel abroad safely. Part 1: Taking a travel history and identifying special risks.; OBJECTIVE: To present for family physicians without access to a travel clinic and the Internet the questions to ask about the medical history and itinerary of their patients traveling abroad. To suggest ways to identify and advise high-risk patients. QUALITY OF EVIDENCE: MEDLINE searches from 1990 to November 1998 located 51 articles on travel and diabetes, 37 on travel and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), 63 on travel and heart disease, 192 on travel and pregnancy, and 298 on travel with infants or children. Additional searches were undertaken in September 1999. The quality of evidence in most articles is level III (expert opinion). There are no randomized controlled trials of the best advice for family physicians to give travelers. MAIN MESSAGE: A history should include countries to be visited, planned activities, previous tropical travel, medical history, vaccination status, whether children are traveling, pregnancy status, and patients' opinions of the risks and precautions needed. Detailed advice should be given to reduce risks. The main causes of mortality abroad are existing cardiovascular conditions and accidents. High-risk conditions to be identified in travelers are cardiovascular illness, COPD, diabetes, immunodeficiency, pregnancy, and traveling with children. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with cardiovascular illness or COPD should be advised to avoid too much exertion while traveling. Detailed instruction should be given to diabetic patients on how to maintain stable glucose levels, to pregnant women on avoiding malarial infection, and to parents on protecting their children from infections and accidents.
Clinical characteristics and risk factors for mortality in obstetric patients with severe COVID-19 in Brazil: a surveillance database analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To describe clinical characteristics of pregnant and postpartum women with severe COVID-19 in Brazil and to examine risk factors for mortality. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study based on secondary surveillance database analysis. SETTING: Nationwide Brazil. POPULATION OR SAMPLE: 978 Brazilian pregnant and postpartum women notified as COVID-19 Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) cases with complete outcome (death or cure) up to 18 June 2020. METHODS: Data was abstracted from the Brazilian ARDS Surveillance System (ARDS-SS) database. All eligible cases were included. Data on demographics, clinical characteristics, intensive care resources use and outcomes were collected. Risk factors for mortality were examined by multivariate logistic regression. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Case fatality rate. RESULTS: We identified 124 maternal deaths, corresponding to a case fatality rate among COVID-19 ARDS cases in the obstetric population of 12.7%. At least one comorbidity was present in 48.4% of fatal cases compared with 24.9% in survival cases. Among women who died, 58.9% were admitted to ICU, 53.2% had invasive ventilation and 29.0% had no respiratory support. The multivariate logistic regression showed that the main risk factors for maternal death by COVID-19 were being postpartum at onset of ARDS, obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease, whereas white ethnicity had a protective effect. CONCLUSIONS: Negative outcomes of COVID-19 in this population are affected by clinical characteristics but social determinants of health also seem to play a role. It is urgent to reinforce containment measures targeting the obstetric population and ensure high quality care throughout pregnancy and the postpartum period. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: A total of 124 COVID-19 maternal deaths were identified in Brazil. Symptoms onset at postpartum and comorbidities are risk factors.
Coffee and health: a review of recent human research.; Coffee is a complex mixture of chemicals that provides significant amounts of chlorogenic acid and caffeine. Unfiltered coffee is a significant source of cafestol and kahweol, which are diterpenes that have been implicated in the cholesterol-raising effects of coffee. The results of epidemiological research suggest that coffee consumption may help prevent several chronic diseases, including type 2 diabetes mellitus, Parkinson's disease and liver disease (cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma). Most prospective cohort studies have not found coffee consumption to be associated with significantly increased cardiovascular disease risk. However, coffee consumption is associated with increases in several cardiovascular disease risk factors, including blood pressure and plasma homocysteine. At present, there is little evidence that coffee consumption increases the risk of cancer. For adults consuming moderate amounts of coffee (3-4 cups/d providing 300-400 mg/d of caffeine), there is little evidence of health risks and some evidence of health benefits. However, some groups, including people with hypertension, children, adolescents, and the elderly, may be more vulnerable to the adverse effects of caffeine. In addition, currently available evidence suggests that it may be prudent for pregnant women to limit coffee consumption to 3 cups/d providing no more than 300 mg/d of caffeine to exclude any increased probability of spontaneous abortion or impaired fetal growth.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A predicts survival in end-stage renal disease-confounding and modifying effects of cardiovascular disease, body composition and inflammation.; BACKGROUND: High pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) levels are linked to atherosclerosis and associate with increased mortality in prevalent dialysis patients. We investigated associations of PAPP-A, measured at dialysis initiation, with cardiovascular disease (CVD), CVD risk factors and mortality in incident dialysis patients, and explored if body composition and inflammation modulated these associations. METHODS: Baseline plasma PAPP-A levels, inflammation biomarkers and body composition, using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, were measured in 286 incident dialysis patients. Primary outcome was survival during 60 months follow-up. Quantile (median) regression was used for cross-sectional analysis and Kaplan-Meier diagrams and Cox proportional hazards regression for survival analysis. RESULTS: In cross-sectional analysis adjusted for age and sex, PAPP-A levels were associated with lean tissue index (LTI) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) but not with fat tissue index (FTI) or history of CVD. In a model also including diabetes mellitus (DM), the association with LTI did not remain statistically significant. When adjusted for cardiovascular risk factors and body composition, higher PAPP-A levels showed a moderate but significant association [hazard ratio (HR) = 1.2, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1-1.4, P = 0.04] with mortality. When also including hsCRP the association was attenuated (HR = 1.2, 95% CI: 0.99-1.4, P = 0.06). In survival analysis, interactions with PAPP-A on the multiplicative scale were found for hsCRP (HR = 1.6, 95% CI: 1.2-2.2, P = 0.004) and DM (HR = 1.6, 95% CI: 1.1-2.2, P = 0.01) and with DM and FTI on the additive scale. CONCLUSIONS: Higher PAPP-A levels are associated with worse survival in incident dialysis patients following adjustment for established cardiovascular risk factors and body composition indices, but not clearly so when adjusted for hsCRP. Inflammation, body composition (FTI) and DM were found to be potential effect modifiers for the observed moderate association of PAPP-A with survival.
Frequency and Risk Factors Association with Metabolic Syndrome among the Hypertensive Patients in Jashore, Bangladesh.; Metabolic Syndrome (METS) plays a pivotal role in the development of diabetes mellitus, coronary artery diseases and stroke. Due to the scarcity of data in this issue, this study aims to assess the frequency and risk factors association of METS among the hypertensive patients. This cross-sectional study recruited 667 eligible hypertensive patients aged between 20 and 70 years using non-probability purposive sampling method conducted from 1st January 2019 to 30th June 2019. Hypertensive patients with the known history of diabetes, thyroid, renal, cardiac, or hepatic disease, Cushing syndrome or malignancy and secondary causes of obesity, confirmed pregnancy, bed ridden, taking lipid lowering drugs or drugs that affect lipid and glucose metabolism were excluded from the study. METS among the hypertensive patients (DE novo or established hypertensive patients) of this study was demonstrated by NCEP-ATPIII (National Cholesterol Education Program-Adult Treatment Panel III) criteria having two or more of the following points [a) increased waist circumference ≥102cm in men and ≥88cm in women, b) hypertriglyceridemia: ≥150mg/dl, c) reduced High density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) <40mg/dL (1.04mmol/L) in men and <50mg/dL (1.29mmol/L) in women, d) high fasting blood glucose: 110mg/dl]. Significantly high frequency (69.9%, p<0.001) of METS was found with a significant female preponderance (52.5%, p<0.001) where the mean age of the study population was 48±11 years. Sex (p<0.001), education (p=0.041), occupation (p<0.001), Body mass index (BMI) (p<0.001) and hypertensive status (p=0.002) showed a highly significant role in the development of METS. Following binary logistic regression analysis after adjusting for confounders, the female sex was 17 times higher than the male [Adjusted odd ratio (AOR) =16.96, 95% CI=4.91-58.66, p<0.001)], obesity 4 times higher than non-obese [BMI (obese AOR=4.24, 95% CI=2.55-7.98, p<0.001)], hypertensive status [established hypertension two times higher than de novo (de-novo AOR=0.60, 95% CI=0.037-0.97, p=0.037)] were significant and independent predictors of METS. Significantly high BMI (27.7±4.2 and p<0.001), high waist circumference (60.4%, p<0.001) and hyper tri-glyceridaemia and reduced HDL (46.0%, p<0.001 and 51.3%, p<0.001) were found in the subjects with METS. In conclusion, high frequency of METS among the hypertensive patients was found in Jashore, Bangladesh with significant risk factors related to female sex, education, occupation, BMI and hypertensive status. So, a holistic evaluation of metabolic components among the hypertensive patients may reduce premature cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
Maternal Exposure to Arsenic and Its Impact on Maternal and Fetal Health: A Review.; Arsenic exposure is a significant public health issue, with harmful effects caused by its use in commercial products such as car batteries, pesticides, and herbicides. Arsenic has three main compounds: inorganic, organic, and arsine gas. Inorganic arsenic compounds in water are highly toxic. The daily intake of arsenic from food and beverages is between 20 and 300 mcg/day. Arsenic is known for its carcinogenic properties and is classified as a human carcinogen by different institutions. Exposure can lead to oxidative stress, DNA damage, and epigenetic deregulation, which can cause endocrine disorders, altered signal transduction pathways, and cell proliferation. In addition, arsenic can easily cross the placenta, making it a critical concern for maternal and fetal health. Exposure can lead to complications such as gestational diabetes, anemia, low birth weight, miscarriage, and congenital anomalies. Female babies are particularly vulnerable to the negative impact of arsenic exposure, with a higher risk of low weight for gestational age and congenital cardiac anomalies. Therefore, it is crucial to monitor and regulate the levels of arsenic in drinking water and food sources to prevent these adverse health outcomes. Further research is necessary to fully understand the impact of arsenic exposure on human health, especially during pregnancy and infancy, by implementing preventative measures and monitoring the levels of arsenic in the environment.
Diabetes Mellitus as a Risk Factor for Spontaneous Preterm Birth in Women with a Short Cervix after Ultrasound-Indicated Cerclage.; Background: Preterm birth (PTB) is a significant challenge in contemporary obstetrics, affecting over one in ten infants worldwide and accounting for 75% of perinatal mortality. Short cervical length during mid-trimester is well known to be associated with an increased risk of spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB). Ultrasound-indicated cerclage (UIC) is recommended to prevent sPTB in women with a short cervix at mid-trimester and a history of sPTB. Objectives: This retrospective observational study aimed to examine the impact of diabetes and obesity on the occurrence of sPTB in women who underwent UIC due to mid-trimester cervical shortening. Methods/Results: The analysis revealed that cervical length at the time of operation, preoperative erythrocyte sedimentation rate levels, and diabetes were independent risk factors for sPTB. Additionally, the presence of diabetes, particularly when combined with obesity, significantly elevated the risk of sPTB. Women with pregestational diabetes or those requiring insulin treatment had a higher propensity for preterm delivery compared to those with gestational diabetes managed through diet control alone. Conclusions: These findings emphasize the importance of considering maternal metabolic factors, such as diabetes and obesity, in women with a short cervix when planning for UIC and highlight the crucial role of optimizing maternal glucose control and weight management in reducing the risk of sPTB.
Oleanolic acid rescues critical features of umbilical vein endothelial cells permanently affected by hyperglycemia.; Skin wound healing is a physiological process that involves several cell types. Among them, endothelial cells are required for inflammation resolution and neo-angiogenesis, both necessary for tissue restoration after injury. Primary human umbilical vein endothelial cells (C-HUVECs) are derived from the umbilical cord. When women develop gestational diabetes, chronic exposure to hyperglycemia induces epigenetic modifications in these cells (GD-HUVECs), leading to a permanent pro-inflammatory phenotype and impaired angiogenesis in contrast to control cells. Oleanolic acid (OA) is a bioactive triterpenoid known for its epithelial cell migration promotion stimulation and higher tensile strength of wounds. However, the potentially anti-inflammatory and pro-angiogenic properties of OA are still under investigation. We tested OA on C- and GD-HUVECs under inflammatory conditions induced by low levels of the inflammatory cytokine TNF-α. Reduced expression of adhesion molecules VCAM1, ICAM1, and SELE was obtained in OA-pre-treated C- and GD-HUVECs. Additionally, protein VCAM1 levels were also decreased by OA. Coherently, monocyte adhesion assays showed that a lower number of monocytes adhered to GD-HUVEC endothelium under OA pre-treatment when compared to untreated ones. It is noteworthy that OA improved angiogenesis parameters in both phenotypes, being especially remarkable in the case of GD-HUVECs, since OA strongly rescued their poor tube formation behavior. Moreover, endothelial cell migration was improved in C- and GD-HUVECs in scratch assays, an effect that was further confirmed by focal adhesion (FA) remodeling, revealed by paxillin staining on immunocytochemistry assays. Altogether, these results suggest that OA could be an emergent wound healing agent due to its capacity to rescue endothelial malfunction caused by hyperglycemia.
The lipids that matter from infant nutrition to insulin resistance.; Breast-fed infants showed decreased incidence of obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and coronary heart disease in later life and higher cognitive function. Breast milk is rich in long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs) and brain preferentially accumulates LCPUFAs during the last trimester of pregnancy and the first few months of life. Breast-fed infants showed significantly lower plasma glucose levels and higher percentage of docosahexaenoic acid and total percentages of LCPUFAs in their skeletal muscle biopsies compared with formula fed. LCPUFAs suppress the production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, regulate the function of several neurotransmitters, enhance the number of insulin receptors in the brain and other tissues, and decrease insulin resistance. LCPUFAs may enhance the production of bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs), which participate in neurogenesis. It is proposed that the beneficial effects of breast feeding in later life can be attributed to its rich LCPUFA content. It is likely that inadequate breast feeding results in marginal deficiency of LCPUFAs during the critical stages of development, which can lead to insulin resistance. Hence, promoting prolonged breast feeding and/or supplementing LCPUFAs during the critical stages of development may be beneficial in preventing insulin resistance.
Maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index and risk of selected birth defects: evidence of a dose-response relationship.; BACKGROUND: This study investigates the relationship between maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and 26 birth defects identified through the Florida Birth Defects Registry. METHODS: Pre-pregnancy BMI (kg/m(2)) was categorised into underweight (<18.5), normal weight (18.5-24.9), overweight (25.0-29.9), and obese (≥30.0) among Florida resident mothers without pre-gestational diabetes who gave birth to singleton infants from March 2004 through December 2009. Obesity was classified as obese I (30.0-34.9), obese II (35.0-39.9), and obese III (≥40.0). Logistic regression was used to calculate the adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence interval, representing the association between pre-pregnancy BMI and each of the 26 specific birth defects (and an 'any birth defect' composite). Models were adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking, marital status, and nativity. RESULTS: The livebirth prevalence of any birth defect increased with increasing BMI, from 3.9% among underweight women to 5.3% among obese III women (P < 0.001). Results show a direct dose-response relationship between maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and 10 defects under study (cleft palate without cleft lip, diaphragmatic hernia, hydrocephalus without spina bifida, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, pulmonary valve atresia and stenosis, pyloric stenosis, rectal and large intestinal atresia/stenosis, transposition of great arteries, tetralogy of Fallot, and ventricular septal defects) and the 'any birth defect' category. Conversely, gastroschisis exhibited a statistically significant inverse relationship with pre-pregnancy BMI. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence of the increasing risk of birth defect-affected pregnancy with increasing pre-pregnancy obesity. Reducing pre-pregnancy obesity, even among obese women, may reduce the occurrence of birth defects.
Heart rate variability and heart rate turbulence in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiac autonomic dysfunction may develop in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Heart rate variability (HRV) and heart rate turbulence (HRT) are used in assessing cardiac autonomic functions. The goal of this study was to compare the cardiac autonomic functions in patients with PCOS and healthy controls. To our knowledge, this is the first study evaluating cardiac autonomic functions in patients with PCOS with respect to both HRV and HRT. METHODS: Twenty-three patients with PCOS (mean age 22.8±3.9 years) and 25 healthy female volunteers who were matched for age and body mass index (BMI) (mean age 23.5±6.2 years) were enrolled in this as case-control study. Twenty-four hour ambulatory electrocardiogram recordings of all participants were taken using Pathfinder software. The time domain parameters of HRV and HRT, including turbulence onset (TO) and turbulence slope, were calculated. Diagnosis of PCOS was made with physical and laboratory findings of hirsutism or biochemical hyperandrogenism and chronic anovulation. Diabetes mellitus, other hormon disorders or hormon therapy, pregnancy, atrial fibrilation, obesite, chronic diseases, disorders of the autonomic nervous system, a history of drug use affecting the autonomic nervous system were excluded. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in HRV and HRT parameters between the two groups. Cardiovascular risk factors, such as BMI, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, and lipid parameters, were also similar. Triangular index measure of HRV was negatively correlated with high density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (r=-0.47, p<0.05), while age and BMI were significantly correlated with TO (r=0.31 and 0.47, respectively; p<0.05 for all). CONCLUSION: Cardiac autonomic functions were not found to be altered in patients with PCOS in comparison with healthy controls. These results may be explained with the absence of concomitant cardiovascular risk factors with the patients being in the early stage of the disease.
Association of Preterm Birth With Risk of Ischemic Heart Disease in Adulthood.; IMPORTANCE: Preterm birth has previously been associated with increased risks of hypertension and diabetes, but not ischemic heart disease (IHD), in adulthood. The reasons for this lack of association with IHD despite associations with its risk factors have been elusive, but may be associated with methodologic issues, such as survivor bias, in prior studies. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether preterm birth is associated with an increased risk of IHD in adulthood in a large population-based cohort. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This national, population-based cohort study included all 2 141 709 persons who were born as singleton live births in Sweden during 1973 to 1994. The data were analyzed in September 2018. EXPOSURES: Gestational age at birth, identified from nationwide birth records in the Swedish Birth Registry. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Ischemic heart disease that was identified from nationwide inpatient and outpatient diagnoses through 2015 (maximum age, 43 years). A Cox regression was used to examine gestational age at birth in association with IHD in adulthood while adjusting for other perinatal and maternal factors. Cosibling analyses assessed for potential confounding by unmeasured shared familial factors. RESULTS: Of 2 141 709 participants, 1 041 906 (48.6%) were female and there were 1921 persons (0.09%) who received a diagnosis of IHD in 30.9 million person-years of follow-up. Gestational age at birth was inversely associated with IHD risk in adulthood. At ages 30 to 43 years, adjusted hazard ratios for IHD associated with preterm (gestational age <37 weeks) and early-term birth (37-38 weeks) were 1.53 (95% CI, 1.20-1.94) and 1.19 (1.01-1.40), respectively, compared with full-term birth (39-41 weeks). Preterm-born women had lower IHD incidence than preterm-born men (15.16 vs 22.00 per 100 000 person-years) but had a higher adjusted hazard ratio (1.93; 95% CI, 1.28-2.90 vs 1.37; 95% CI, 1.01-1.84). These associations did not appear to be explained by shared genetic or environmental factors in families. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this large national cohort, preterm and early-term birth were associated with an increased IHD risk in adulthood. Persons born prematurely need early evaluation and preventive actions to reduce the risk of IHD.
Early Life Famine Exposure, Ideal Cardiovascular Health Metrics, and Risk of Incident Diabetes: Findings From the 4C Study.; OBJECTIVE: We aim to investigate the impact of ideal cardiovascular health metrics (ICVHMs) on the association between famine exposure and adulthood diabetes risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: This study included 77,925 participants from the China Cardiometabolic Disease and Cancer Cohort (4C) Study who were born around the time of the Chinese Great Famine and free of diabetes at baseline. They were divided into three famine exposure groups according to the birth year, including nonexposed (1963-1974), fetal exposed (1959-1962), and childhood exposed (1949-1958). Relative risk regression was used to examine the associations between famine exposure and ICVHMs on diabetes. RESULTS: During a mean follow-up of 3.6 years, the cumulative incidence of diabetes was 4.2%, 6.0%, and 7.5% in nonexposed, fetal-exposed, and childhood-exposed participants, respectively. Compared with nonexposed participants, fetal-exposed but not childhood-exposed participants had increased risks of diabetes, with multivariable-adjusted risk ratios (RRs) (95% CIs) of 1.17 (1.05-1.31) and 1.12 (0.96-1.30), respectively. Increased diabetes risks were observed in fetal-exposed individuals with nonideal dietary habits, nonideal physical activity, BMI ≥24.0 kg/m(2), or blood pressure ≥120/80 mmHg, whereas significant interaction was detected only in BMI strata (P for interaction = 0.0018). Significant interactions have been detected between number of ICVHMs and famine exposure on the risk of diabetes (P for interaction = 0.0005). The increased risk was observed in fetal-exposed participants with one or fewer ICVHMs (RR 1.59 [95% CI 1.24-2.04]), but not in those with two or more ICVHMs. CONCLUSIONS: The increased risk of diabetes associated with famine exposure appears to be modified by the presence of ICVHMs.
Lactation Duration and Midlife Atherosclerosis.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate lactation duration in relation to subsequent atherosclerosis in women during midlife. METHODS: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study is a multicenter prospective cohort that enrolled 2,787 women in 1985-1986 (ages 18-30 years, 52% black, 48% white), of whom 2,014 (72%) attended the 20-year follow-up examination in 2005-2006. We selected 846 women (46% black) without heart disease or diabetes at baseline who delivered one or more times after the baseline evaluation, had cardiometabolic risk factors measured at baseline, and had maximum common carotid intima-media thickness (mm) measured at the 20-year follow-up examination in 2005-2006. Lactation duration was summed across all postbaseline births for each woman and (n, women) categorized as: 0 to less than 1 month (n=262), 1 to less than 6 months (n=210), 6 to less than 10 months (n=169), and 10 months or greater (n=205). Multiple linear regression models estimated mean common carotid intima-media thickness (95% confidence interval) and mean differences among lactation duration groups compared with the 0 to less than 1-month group adjusted for prepregnancy obesity, cardiometabolic status, parity, and other risk factors. RESULTS: Lactation duration had a graded inverse association with common carotid intima-media thickness; mean differences between 10 months or greater compared with 0 to less than 1 month ranged from -0.062 mm for unadjusted models (P trend <.001) to -0.029 mm for models fully adjusted for prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and cardiometabolic risk factors, parity, smoking, and sociodemographics (P trend=.010). Stepwise addition of potential mediators (BMI, systolic blood pressure at the 20-year follow-up examination) modestly attenuated the lactation and common carotid intima-media thickness association to -0.027 and -0.023 mm (P trend=.019 and .054). CONCLUSION: Shorter lactation duration is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis independent of prepregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors and traditional risk factors. The magnitude of differences in carotid artery intima-media thickness may represent greater vascular aging. Lactation may have long-term benefits that lower cardiovascular disease risk in women. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Adherence to vascular protection drugs in diabetic patients in Quebec: a population-based analysis.; The purpose of this study was to assess adherence to vascular protection drugs in diabetic patients using a cohort of diabetic patients aged >or=30 years, covered by the public drug insurance in the province of Quebec, excluding gestational diabetes and patients who were hopitalized or died during the 1-year follow-up. Drug adherence was measured using the medication possession ratio. Multivariate analyses, including logit and multinomial logit were used. Of the 170,381 diabetics (mean age: 62 +/- 14 years), 18% and 32% were regular users of ASA and ACEIs/ARBs, respectively. Regular use increased with age (p<0.0001) and comorbidities (p<0.0001). Rural inhabitants were more likely to use ACEIs/ARBs (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.26-1.32) and to be regular users (OR: 1.36; 95% CI: 1.32-1.39). Similar results were found for ASA. In conclusion, despite the high cardiovascular risks associated with diabetes, less than one-third of diabetic adults took vascular-protection drugs regularly. This important issue needs proper attention.
Exercise in obese pregnant women: positive impacts and current perceptions.; Overweight and obesity have significant implications during pregnancy and childbirth. The objective of this review was to provide a comprehensive overview of the effect of physical activity on pregnancy outcomes, the change of physical activity during pregnancy, and women's perception of being physically active during pregnancy, with a particular focus on women who are overweight or obese. Many studies have investigated the beneficial effect of exercise during pregnancy, including reduced risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and operative birth, in addition to improved cardiovascular function, overall fitness, psychological well-being, and mood stability. Benefits for the infant include reduced risks of prematurity and improved fetal growth, although there is more limited information about longer-term health benefits for both women and infants. The existing literature examining physical activity patterns during pregnancy has generally focused on women of all body mass index categories, consistently indicating a reduction in activity over the course of pregnancy. However, the available literature evaluating physical activity during pregnancy among women who are overweight or obese is more limited and contradictory. A number of studies identified barriers preventing women from being active during pregnancy, including pregnancy symptoms, lack of time, access to child care, and concerns about their safety and that of their unborn baby. Conversely, significant enablers included positive psychological feelings, family influence, and receiving advice from health professionals. Very few studies have provided insights about perceptions of being active during pregnancy in the overweight and obese population. There is a need for a detailed description of physical activity patterns during pregnancy in women who are overweight or obese, and more randomized trials evaluating exercise interventions for women who are overweight or obese, with a focus on clinical outcomes.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities.; Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Twenty-four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; p.o.) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; p.o.) between gestational days 14 and 19. The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase, liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde, uric acid, ADA and XO activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-oxidant defenses and replenishment of hepatic oxidative capacity through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome.
Association of Acculturation With Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the relationship between acculturation and adverse pregnancy outcomes, and whether these relationships differ across racial or ethnic groups. METHODS: This is a planned secondary analysis of the nuMoM2b study (Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be), a prospective observational cohort study of 10,038 pregnant women at eight academic health care centers in the United States. Nulliparous pregnant women with singleton gestations were recruited between 6 0/7 and 13 6/7 weeks of gestation from October 2010-September 2013. Acculturation was defined by birthplace (United States vs non-United States), language used during study visits (English or Spanish), and self-rated English proficiency. The adverse pregnancy outcomes of interest were preterm birth (less than 37 weeks of gestation, both iatrogenic and spontaneous), preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, stillbirth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. Multivariable regression modeling was performed, as was an interaction analysis focusing on the relationship between acculturation and adverse pregnancy outcomes by maternal race or ethnicity. RESULTS: Of the 10,006 women eligible for this analysis, 8,100 (80.9%) were classified as more acculturated (eg, born in the United States with high English proficiency), and 1,906 (19.1%) were classified as having less acculturation (eg, born or not born in the United States with low proficiency in English or use of Spanish as the preferred language during study visits). In multivariable logistic regression modeling, more acculturation was significantly associated with higher frequency of preterm birth (odds ratio [OR] 1.46, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.50, 95% CI 1.16-1.95); spontaneous preterm birth (OR 1.54, aOR 1.62, 95% CI 1.14-2.24); preeclampsia or eclampsia (OR 1.39, aOR 1.31, 95% CI 1.03-1.67); preeclampsia without severe features (OR 1.44, aOR 1.43, 95% CI 1.03-2.01); and gestational hypertension (OR 1.68, aOR 1.48, 95% CI 1.22-1.79). These associations did not differ by self-described race or ethnicity. CONCLUSION: In a large cohort of nulliparous women, more acculturation, regardless of self-described race or ethnicity, was associated with increased odds of several adverse pregnancy outcomes. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01322529.
The importance of hyperhomocysteinemia as a risk factor for diseases: an overview.; Hyperhomocysteinemia is the result of a disturbed methionine metabolism. It results from enzyme and/or vitamin deficiency. Epidemiological studies have proven, that hyperhomocysteinemia is a risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases, stroke, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and venous thrombosis. Conflicting results come from prospective studies. Trials which are now in progress may clarify the "causality" of high homocysteine concentrations and will assess the value of homocysteine-lowering therapy. The induction of the atherogenic process by hyperhomocysteinemia seems to be associated with an alteration of endothelial and smooth muscle cell function leading to an accelerated formation of reactive oxygen species. An increased endothelial expression of adhesion molecules will then lead to an enhanced deposition of oxidized LDL in the vessel wall with the formation of foam cells. Additionally, hyperhomocysteinemia interferes with the coagulation system and thus also has prothrombotic effects. There is a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia as a sign of a vitamin deficiency in elderly subjects which strongly increases with age. Elderly people have a high frequency of vitamin B12 deficiency which can be diagnosed more reliably by the measurement of serum methylmalonic acid (MMA) level than by serum vitamin B12. Subjects following a strict vegetarian diet also have a high prevalence of hyperhomocysteinemia caused by functional vitamin B12 deficiency (increased MMA level). Last but not least, hyperhomocysteinemia is a factor in the pathogenesis of neural tube defects and pre-eclampsia. An early diagnosis of vitamin B12 deficiency is important for the prevention of neurological damages. Homocysteine should be measured in patients with a history of atherothrombotic vessel diseases, in patients with diabetes or hyperlipidemia, in renal patients, in obese subjects, in elderly people, in postmenopausal women, and in early pregnancy. A specific diagnosis of an underlying vitamin deficiency is important for adequate treatment. Individuals with homocysteine level >12 micromol/l should increase and/or supplement their dietary intake of vitamins.
Maternal and fetal cardiovascular response to exercise during pregnancy.; With the two-dimensional Doppler echocardiogram and M-mode echocardiogram, one can study maternal and fetal cardiovascular physiology during rest and exercise. Using such noninvasive techniques, studies indicate that left ventricular function is maintained even during vigorous bicycle exercise in healthy pregnant subjects during the second half of pregnancy. In early pregnancy, the left ventricle adapts to strenuous bicycle exercise by increasing its contractile reserve, enhancing ventricular emptying, whereas in late pregnancy, the left ventricle increases its preload reserve without significantly increasing its contractile reserve. Thus, women are "cardiovascularly" disadvantaged early in pregnancy. Using Doppler signals, early (E-passive) flow and late peak (A-active) flow reflect left ventricular diastolic filling properties. Using such techniques, we found that diastolic filling patterns are significantly influenced by pregnancy and that each trimester influences these diastolic filling patterns during upright bicycle exercise. Doppler studies of uteroplacental circulation during or after exercise have yielded conflicting results. Some have described an increase in "the vascular resistance" of this pelvic bed during strenuous exercise, whereas others have not. It seems safe to conclude that more studies are needed to elucidate this problem. Exercise does not seem to influence the resistivity index of the umbilical artery in either singleton or twins, and may even cause it to decrease. Ventricular diastolic filling properties of the fetal heart do not seem to be influenced by maternal bicycle exercise. Further studies are needed to determine if less active pregnant subjects, women with chronic hypertensive disorders, women with sickle cell anemia, or women with insulin-dependent diabetes adapt to exercise as well as their "normal" counterparts.
Function and regulation of large conductance Ca(2+)-activated K+ channel in vascular smooth muscle cells.; Large conductance Ca(2+)-activated K(+) (BK(Ca)) channels are abundantly expressed in vascular smooth muscle cells. Activation of BK(Ca) channels leads to hyperpolarization of cell membrane, which in turn counteracts vasoconstriction. Therefore, BK(Ca) channels have an important role in regulation of vascular tone and blood pressure. The activity of BK(Ca) channels is subject to modulation by various factors. Furthermore, the function of BK(Ca) channels are altered in both physiological and pathophysiological conditions, such as pregnancy, hypertension and diabetes, which has dramatic impacts on vascular tone and hemodynamics. Consequently, compounds and genetic manipulation that alter activity and expression of the channel might be of therapeutic interest.
[Relationship between pulse pressure, visual impairement and severity of diabetic retinopathy in sub-Saharan Africa].; OBJECTIVE: To determine the relationship between pulse pressure, traditional risk factors, vision impairment and different clinical forms of diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted between December 1st, 2004 and July 16th, 2005 within the care centers of Kinshasa, DRC. The origin population (n=3010 diabetics) served to estimate the diabetic retinopathy prevalence while a random sample of 301 diabetics participated to this analytic study: age>or=20 years, anthropometry, components of blood pressure, fasting glycaemia, optometry, fundoscopy, stages of diabetic retinopathy. RESULTS: The rate of diabetic retinopathy was 31.6% 95 CI: 26.3-36.9 in Kinshasa town. In the random sample, diabetic retinopathy was non proliferative in the majority (90%). Subjective decrease of acuity was associated with diabetic retinopathy in the sample (OR=2.7; 95% CI 1.1-5.4; p<0.05), among women (OR=2.7; 95% CI 1.3-5.7; p<0.05), and in patients with type 2-diabetes (OR=2; 95% CI 1.1-3.4; p<0.05). Objective decrease of acuity was associated with diabetic retinopathy in the study sample (OR=3.6; 95% CI 1.1-12.6; p<0.05). Visual impairment was significantly associated with diabetic retinopathy in women (OR=3.6; 95% CI 1.1-12.6; p<0.05) and proliferative diabetic retinopathy. Pregnancy after diabetes mellitus onset was a significant risk factor of diabetic retinopathy for women (OR=3.2; 95% CI 1.1-13.2; p<0.05). Using logistic regression analysis, family history of diabetic retinopathy (OR=3.2; 95% CI 1.2-8.8; p<0.05), diabetes duration >/=4 years (OR=3.4; 95% CI 1.4-8.5; p<0.01), and pulse pressure>or=60 mmHg (OR=5; 95% CI 2-12.8; p<0.001) were the independent and significant predictors of diabetic retinopathy. CONCLUSION: Urgent programme of prevention and control of diabetic retinopathy and its risk factors is needed.
Oxidative Regulation of Vascular Ca(v)1.2 Channels Triggers Vascular Dysfunction in Hypertension-Related Disorders.; Blood pressure is determined by cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance. The L-type voltage-gated Ca(2+) (Ca(v)1.2) channel in small arteries and arterioles plays an essential role in regulating Ca(2+) influx, vascular resistance, and blood pressure. Hypertension and preeclampsia are characterized by high blood pressure. In addition, diabetes has a high prevalence of hypertension. The etiology of these disorders remains elusive, involving the complex interplay of environmental and genetic factors. Common to these disorders are oxidative stress and vascular dysfunction. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) derived from NADPH oxidases (NOXs) and mitochondria are primary sources of vascular oxidative stress, whereas dysfunction of the Ca(v)1.2 channel confers increased vascular resistance in hypertension. This review will discuss the importance of ROS derived from NOXs and mitochondria in regulating vascular Ca(v)1.2 and potential roles of ROS-mediated Ca(v)1.2 dysfunction in aberrant vascular function in hypertension, diabetes, and preeclampsia.
NT-proBNP in young healthy adults undergoing non-cardiac surgery.; OBJECTIVES: N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), a standard marker for diagnosis and treatment guidance of heart failure, has previously been investigated in high-risk patients undergoing cardiac and non-cardiac surgery. However, the kinetics of NT-proBNP in healthy patients undergoing non-cardiac surgery are unknown. DESIGN & METHODS: A secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study was conducted. NT-proBNP plasma concentrations were measured preoperatively, 2-6 h, and 18-30 h after surgery in 120 patients, 18-35 years, undergoing elective non-cardiac surgery. Reasons for non-inclusion: history or symptoms of cardiac disease, kidney disease, pulmonary embolism, thrombosis, stroke, diabetes, head or chest trauma, pregnancy, incomplete panel of perioperative NT-proBNP plasma samples. Absolute and relative change of NT-proBNP plasma concentration were calculated. Changes between preoperative, 2-6 h, and 18-30 h (POD 1) NT-proBNP values, and of within-patient change in NT-proBNP were analyzed. RESULTS: In 95 patients, NT-proBNP plasma concentrations (median [IQR]) were 8 [5-26] pg/mL at baseline, 17 [5-53] pg/mL 2-6 h, and 42 [11-86] pg/mL 18-30 h after surgery. Absolute and relative NT-proBNP increase after surgery was 32 [5-74] pg/mL and 196% [61 - 592%] compared to baseline. NT-proBNP elevation above the age- and sex-specific reference range was observed in 6/95 (6%) patients prior to surgery and in 39/95 (41%) patients after surgery. CONCLUSIONS: Even after uncomplicated surgery and postoperative period, NT-proBNP concentrations markedly increase in otherwise healthy adult patients. The aetiology of postoperative NT-proBNP increase is currently unknown and may be multifactorial.
Interleukin-17 signaling mediates cytolytic natural killer cell activation in response to placental ischemia.; T-helper (T(H))17s, IL-17, and cytolytic natural killer cells (cNKs) are increased in preeclampsia and contribute to the hypertension, inflammation, and fetal growth restriction that occurs in response to placental ischemia in the reduced uterine perfusion pressure (RUPP) rat model of preeclampsia. As IL-17 stimulates NK cytotoxicity in vitro, we tested the hypothesis that IL-17 inhibition in RUPP rats would decrease cNK activation as a mechanism to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. On gestation day (GD) 14, rats undergoing RUPP received a miniosmotic pump infusing IL-17RC (100 pg/day), a soluble IL-17 receptor (RUPP + IL-17RC). On GD19, mean arterial pressure (MAP) was measured in normal pregnant (NP), RUPP, and RUPP + IL-17RC rats (n = 10-12/group), animals were euthanized, and blood and tissues were collected for analysis. MAP was 30% higher in RUPP compared with NP (P < 0.0001) and was 12% lower in RUPP + IL-17RC (P = 0.0007 vs. RUPP). Placental cytolytic NK cells were 132% higher in RUPP than in NP (P = 0.04 vs. NP) and were normalized in RUPP + IL-17RC (P = 0.03 vs. RUPP). Placental levels of TNF-α, a cNK-secreted cytokine, and macrophage inflammatory protein-3α (MIP-3α), a cNK chemokine, were higher in RUPP vs. NP and lower after IL-17 blockade. Placental VEGF was lower in RUPP vs. NP and was normalized in RUPP + IL-17RC. In vitro cytolytic activity of RUPP placental NKs was higher compared with NP and was blunted in RUPP + IL-17RC NKs. Finally, both fetal weight and placental weight were lower in RUPP compared with NP, and were improved in RUPP + IL-17RC. These data identify IL-17 as a mediator of cNK activation in response to placental ischemia during pregnancy.
Long-term mortality after preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Many believe that preeclampsia is not associated with future morbidity or mortality. We sought to investigate the long-term risk of mortality in women with preeclampsia, focusing on those known to be subsequently normotensive. STUDY DESIGN: We ascertained deaths during 24-36 years' follow-up in a cohort of 37,061 women who delivered in Jerusalem in 1964-1976, including 1,070 women with preeclampsia. We used Cox proportional hazard models to estimate the risk of mortality associated with preeclampsia while controlling for the woman's age and education, history of diabetes, heart disease and low birth weight birth, the husband's social class, and the calendar year at the start of follow-up. RESULTS: Compared with women who were not diagnosed with preeclampsia, the relative risk of death after preeclampsia was 2.1 (95% confidence interval = 1.8-2.5). Deaths from cardiovascular disease contributed most strongly to this increase. Among women with preeclampsia who had subsequent births without preeclampsia, the excess risk of mortality became manifest only after 20 years. CONCLUSIONS: These findings, together with other recent cohort studies, define preeclampsia as a risk marker for mortality from cardiovascular disease. They suggest that the observation of a normal blood pressure after preeclampsia should not discourage the search for other cardiovascular risk factors or abrogate the need for other preventive measures.
Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prenatal Risk Factors for Congenital Heart Disease: Maternal Chronic Diseases and Parental Exposures.; BACKGROUND: There is considerable heterogeneity in studies on prenatal risk factors for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). We performed a meta-analysis of all nongenetic factors of CHDs. This report presents results of factors related to maternal chronic diseases and parental exposures. METHODS: A systematic search encompassing concepts of CHD and risk factors was used, using the following inclusion criteria: (1) original peer-reviewed articles, (2) quantifying the effects of risk factors for CHDs, (3) between 1989 and 2022. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using a random-effect model. RESULTS: Inclusion criteria were met for 170 studies. There was an association between being overweight or obese and CHDs (OR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.15-1.37), with a dose-effect relationship. Pregestational diabetes (PGDM) was associated with CHDs (OR, 3.51; 95% CI, 2.86-4.3), without difference between type 1 and type 2 PGDM. The effect size of gestational diabetes was less than that of PGDM (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.18-1.61). There was an association between CHDs and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.32-3.05), paternal smoking (OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.03-1.70), and alcohol use (OR, 1.50; 95% CI, 1.08-2.08). A smaller association was found with maternal smoking and advanced maternal age. CONCLUSIONS: There exists robust evidence for increased risk of CHD in the presence of obesity, maternal diabetes, maternal smoking, and increased maternal age. The effect sizes were relatively modest, except for PGDM. The robustness of the evidence decreased when CHDs were divided into subgroups or when the analyses were restricted to severe CHDs.
Placental transfer of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA).; Considerable evidence exists for marked beneficial effects of omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFA) during pregnancy. The omega-3 LC-PUFA docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) is incorporated in large amounts in fetal brain and other tissues during the second half of pregnancy, and several studies have provided evidence for a link between early DHA status of the mother and visual and cognitive development of her child after birth. Moreover, the supplementation of omega-3 LC-PUFA during pregnancy increases slightly infant size at birth, and significantly reduces early preterm birth before 34 weeks of gestation by 31%. In our studies using stable isotope methodology in vivo, we demonstrated active and preferential materno-fetal transfer of DHA across the human placenta and found the expression of human placental fatty acid binding and transport proteins. From the correlation of DHA values with placental fatty acid transport protein 4 (FATP 4), we conclude that this protein is of key importance in mediating DHA transport across the human placenta. Given the great importance of placental DHA transport for infant outcome, further studies are needed to fully appreciate the effects and optimal strategies of omega-3 fatty acid interventions in pregnancy, dose response relationships, and the potential differences between subgroups of subjects such as women with gestational diabetes or other gestational pathology. Such studies should contribute to optimize substrate intake during pregnancy and lactation that may improve pregnancy outcome as well as fetal growth and development.
Macrosomia--maternal, fetal, and neonatal implications.; Perinatal morbidity and mortality are known to be higher for the macrosomic neonate whose birth weight is 4500 g or more, compared with that of appropriate-weight term-size neonates. In a retrospective study comparing 287 macrosomic neonates with 284 appropriate-weight term-size neonates, we found that macrosomia occurred in 1.3% of our annual deliveries, with a male-to-female ratio of 2.3:1. Factors that occurred significantly more frequently in the mothers of macrosomic infants were maternal obesity, multiparity, diabetes mellitus, and previous delivery of an infant heavier than 4000 g. During the intrapartum period the incidence of labor augmentation by oxytocin, shoulder dystocia, and cesarean section was significantly greater in fetal macrosomia. Most significantly, this study revealed that macrosomia. Most significantly, this study revealed that macrosomic fetuses do not experience greater fetal distress in biophysically monitored labor than appropriate-weight term-size fetuses. Twenty-nine (10%) of the macrosomic infants required admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) compared to 9 (3%) of the control patients (P less than 0.01). This excess neonatal morbidity in the macrosomic neonates was predominantly caused by the delivery process.
Influence of maternal and placental factors on newborn body composition.; AIM: The objective of this study was to assess whether maternal characteristics, placental size or histological chorioamnionitis was associated with newborn body composition. Furthermore, we sought to determine whether placental weight may mediate the association between maternal pre-pregnancy weight and age with newborn body composition. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, Australia. This study included 136 healthy, singleton, term-born newborns. Recruitment was stratified by newborn body fat percentiles (gender and gestational adjusted). Body fat was assessed by air displacement plethysmography. Placental examination was conducted by an anatomical pathologist. Maternal (chorioamnionitis) and fetal (chorionic and umbilical vasculitis, funisitis) inflammatory responses were classified according to Redline criteria. RESULTS: Maternal pre-pregnancy weight, parity, labour, placental weight and surface area were associated with newborn fat mass and fat-free mass. Gestational diabetes and maternal age were associated with newborn fat mass but not fat-free mass. There was no association between histological chorioamnionitis and newborn body composition; however, spontaneous onset of labour was strongly associated with the presence of histological chorioamnionitis. Only 25-31% of the association of maternal weight and age with newborn fat mass was mediated via the placenta. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal factors associated with newborn fat mass and fat-free mass differed, indicating that different mechanisms control fat mass and fat-free mass. Our mediation analysis suggests that placental weight partly mediates the association of maternal factors with newborn body composition. Histological chorioamnionitis was not associated with newborn body composition.
Association between hypertensive disorders and Bell's palsy in pregnancy: protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Bell's palsy is an idiopathic peripheral nerve palsy involving the facial nerve. Pregnancy, diabetes mellitus and hypertension are the risk factors for Bell's palsy. However, the association between hypertensive disorders and Bell's palsy during pregnancy or the puerperium remains unclear. This systematic review will comprehensively summarise the literature and evaluate the association between Bell's palsy and hypertensive disorders during pregnancy or the puerperium. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: Systematic searches of PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials will be undertaken using prespecified search strategies. Observational studies (cross-sectional studies, cohort studies, case reports and series case reports) written in English that investigate the association between hypertensive disorders of late pregnancy and Bell's palsy during pregnancy or the puerperium will be included. Different authors will independently conduct the eligible study selection, perform data extraction and appraise the quality of included studies. Subgroup analysis will be carried out based on the age of pregnant women (≤35 years old, >35 years old), parity (primipara, multipara) and fetus number (singleton or multiple-gestation pregnancy). ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This review will be based on published literature, and thus there is no requirement for ethics approval. The results of this study will aid in the knowledge of the relationship between Bell's palsy during pregnancy or the puerperium and hypertensive disorders of late pregnancy. The results of this systematic review will be shared through publication in a peer-reviewed journal with good visibility for the field of obstetrics and presentations at academic conferences. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42023422902.
Acute pyelonephritis in pregnancy and plasma syndecan-1: evidence of glycocalyx involvement.; BACKGROUND: Acute pyelonephritis, a risk factor for maternal sepsis, adult respiratory distress syndrome, and preterm labor, is a frequent cause of hospitalization. This condition is characterized by excessive intravascular inflammation and endothelial cell activation and dysfunction. Syndecan-1, a major component of the glycocalyx, is a gel-like layer that covers the luminal surface of healthy endothelial cells, preserving and mediating many endothelial functions. During pregnancy, there is an additional potential source of syndecan-1, the "syncytiotrophoblast glycocalyx," which lines the intervillous space. Insults that damage the glycocalyx lead to a shedding of syndecan-1 into the circulation. Hence, syndecan-1 has been proposed as a marker of endothelial injury in conditions such as sepsis, trauma, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes mellitus. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to determine whether the plasma syndecan-1 concentration changes in women with acute pyelonephritis in the presence or absence of bacteremia. STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study included three groups: (1) non-pregnant women (n = 25); (2) women with an uncomplicated pregnancy from whom samples were collected preterm (n = 61) or at term (n = 69); and (3) pregnant women diagnosed with acute pyelonephritis from whom samples were collected at the time of diagnosis during the second and third trimesters (n = 33). The diagnosis of acute pyelonephritis was based on clinical findings and a positive urine culture for bacteria. Blood culture results were available in 85% (28/33) of women with acute pyelonephritis. Plasma concentrations of syndecan-1 were determined by a validated immunoassay. RESULTS: (1) Women with an uncomplicated pregnancy had a higher plasma concentration of syndecan-1 than non-pregnant women. The geometric mean (95% confidence interval [CI]) of syndecan-1 concentration was 51.0 (12.1-216.1) ng/mL in non-pregnant controls; 1280 (365-4487) ng/mL in normal preterm gestations; and 1786 (546-5834) ng/mL in normal term gestations (adjusted p < .005 for all three between group comparisons); (2) plasma syndecan-1 concentrations increased with gestational age among women with a normal pregnancy (p < .001, R(2) = 0.27); (3) syndecan-1 multiple of the mean (MoM) values in pregnant patients with acute pyelonephritis were higher than those in normal pregnant women based on second- and third-trimester samples (p = .048, 1.26-fold change). The increase was driven primarily by cases with a positive blood culture (p = .009, 1.74-fold change); (4) when data from third-trimester samples were compared, overall differences in syndecan-1 MoM values between cases and controls were slightly larger (p = .03, 1.36- fold change), which were especially contributed to by cases with a positive blood culture (p = .023, fold change 1.79-fold change). CONCLUSIONS: Plasma syndecan-1 concentration is higher in pregnant women and increases as a function of gestational age. Patients with acute pyelonephritis have a higher plasma concentration of syndecan-1, and this is particularly the case in the presence of bacteremia.
When should cardiovascular prevention begin? The importance of antenatal, perinatal and primordial prevention.; Cardiovascular diseases represent a major health problem, being one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Therefore, in this scenario, cardiovascular prevention plays an essential role although it is difficult to establish when promoting and implementing preventive strategies. However, there is growing evidence that prevention should start even before birth, during pregnancy, aiming to avoid the onset of cardiovascular risk factors, since events that occur early in life have a great impact on the cardiovascular risk profile of an adult. The two pillars of this early preventive strategy are nutrition and physical exercise, together with prevention of cardio-metabolic diseases during pregnancy. This review attempts to gather the growing evidence of the benefits of antenatal, perinatal and primordial prevention, discussing also the possibility to reverse or to mitigate the cardiovascular profile developed in the initial stages of life. This could pave the way for future research, investigating the optimal time and duration of these preventing measures, their duration and maintenance in adulthood, and the most effective interventions according to the different age and guiding in the next years, the best clinical practice and the political strategies to cope with cardiovascular disease.
Maternal and Fetal Cardiovascular Responses to Acute High-Intensity Interval and Moderate-Intensity Continuous Training Exercise During Pregnancy: A Randomized Crossover Trial.; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to compare maternal and fetal cardiovascular responses to an acute bout of high-intensity interval training (HIIT) versus moderate-intensity continuous training (MICT) during pregnancy. METHODS: Fifteen women with a singleton pregnancy (27.3 ± 3.5 weeks of gestation, 33 ± 4 years of age) were recruited. Following a peak fitness test, participants engaged in a session of HIIT (10 × 1-min intervals ≥ 90% maximum heart rate [HR(max)]) interspersed with 1 min of active recovery) and MICT (30 min at 64-76% HR(max)) 48 h apart in random order. Maternal HR, blood pressure, middle (MCAv), and posterior cerebral artery blood velocity (PCAv), as well as respiratory measures were monitored continuously throughout HIIT/MICT. Fetal heart rate, as well as umbilical systolic/diastolic (S/D) ratio, resistive index (RI), and pulsatility index (PI) were assessed immediately before and after exercise. RESULTS: Average maternal heart rate was higher for HIIT (82 ± 5% HR(max)) compared with MICT (74 ± 4% HR(max); p < 0.001). During the HIIT session, participants achieved a peak heart rate of 96 ± 5% HR(max) (range of 87-105% HR(max)). Maternal cerebral blood velocities increased with exercise but was not different between HIIT and MICT for MCAv (p = 0.340) and PCAv (p = 0.142). Fetal heart rate increased during exercise (p = 0.244) but was not different between sessions (HIIT: Δ + 14 ± 7 bpm; MICT: Δ + 10 ± 10 bpm). Metrics of umbilical blood flow decreased with exercise and were not different between exercise sessions (PI: p = 0.707; S/D ratio: p = 0.671; RI: p = 0.792). Fetal bradycardia was not observed, and S/D ratio, RI, and PI remained within normal ranges both before and immediately after all exercise sessions. CONCLUSIONS: An acute bout of HIIT exercise consisting of repeated 1-min near-maximal to maximal exertions, as well as MICT exercise is well tolerated by both mother and fetus. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT05369247.
Obesity and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors: From Childhood to Adulthood.; Obesity has become a major epidemic in the 21st century. It increases the risk of dyslipidemia, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes, which are known cardiometabolic risk factors and components of the metabolic syndrome. Although overt cardiovascular (CV) diseases such as stroke or myocardial infarction are the domain of adulthood, it is evident that the CV continuum begins very early in life. Recognition of risk factors and early stages of CV damage, at a time when these processes are still reversible, and the development of prevention strategies are major pillars in reducing CV morbidity and mortality in the general population. In this review, we will discuss the role of well-known but also novel risk factors linking obesity and increased CV risk from prenatal age to adulthood, including the role of perinatal factors, diet, nutrigenomics, and nutri-epigenetics, hyperuricemia, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and cardiorespiratory fitness. The importance of 'tracking' of these risk factors on adult CV health is highlighted and the economic impact of childhood obesity as well as preventive strategies are discussed.
Prevalence and association of placental lesions with obstetrical features and outcome: data from French prospective study.; PURPOSE: Since the Consensus Statement diffused by the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group, knowledge of the meaning of placental vascular malperfusion has become essential in the unavoidable analysis of obstetrical history in a patient followed for autoimmune disease or any other maternal comorbidity. We aimed to analyse the prevalence of various placental lesions from a 6-months prospective observational study and to correlate the various placental profiles to obstetrical outcome, maternal diseases and pregnancy treatments. The frequency of foetal vascular malperfusion lesion could be estimated at 8.7%, in our population and to understand its neonatal associations. METHODS: The study groups consisted of 208 consecutive women which ended the pregnancy and have placental analysis during the period of the study. RESULTS: From December 2015 to October 2017, from overall 4398 delivered pregnancies in university obstetrical department, 208 (4.7%) placental analysis have been done and included in the study. The placental analysis have been done for vascular obstetrical complications during the pregnancy (n = 106; 51%), unexplained abnormal foetal heart rate tracings (n = 59; 28,3%), suspicion of intra-amniotic infection (n = 12; 5,7%%), term new-borns Apgar score <7 or arterial cord blood pH ≤ 7 (n = 7; 3,5%), spontaneous preterm delivery (n = 19; 9,1%), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (n = 5; 2,4%). An adverse obstetrical event was noted in 87 cases (42%): preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome (n = 15; 7%), FGR (n = 59; 28%), gestational diabetes (n = 33; 16%) and gestational hypertension (n = 19; 9%). Placental histological analysis showed abnormal vascular features in 159 cases (76%), inflammatory features in 16 placentas (8%), vascular and inflammatory features in 10 cases (4%), chorioamnionitis in 38 cases (18%) and absence of any abnormality in 43 cases (21%). A cluster analysis of histological features allowed distinguishing three placental patterns: a normal pattern characterised by the absence of any placental lesions, an inflammatory pattern characterised by the presence of villitis and/or chronic intervillositis; a vascular pattern with the presence of thrombosis, maternal floor infarct with massive perivillous fibrin deposition, infarction and chronic villositis hypoxia. Women with inflammatory placental profile have significantly increased frequencies of tobacco use (50% vs. 9%; P = 0.03), pathological vascular Doppler (50% vs. 5%; P = 0.001), FGR (100% vs. 14%; P = 0.0001) and oligohydramnios (67% vs. 5%; P = 0.0001) than those with normal placentas. A higher rate of vascular or inflammatory lesion were observed in women with Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, where as those with inflammatory pattern have significantly more frequent FGR (100% vs 34%; P = 0.02) and oligohydramnios (67% vs 5%; P = 0.0002). CONCLUSION: The placenta analysis is important to understand the origin of adverse obstetrical outcome and the risk for subsequent pregnancy.
Contraceptive counselling and uptake of contraception among women with cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; To address the lack of clarity regarding contraceptive counselling and uptake of contraception among women with cardiovascular disease (CVD), this study aimed to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis on contraceptive counselling and the subsequent uptake of contraception among women with CVD. A search across six databases identified 1228 articles, with 11 studies (2580 participants) included. The pooled prevalence of contraceptive counselling was 63%, varying from 36 to 94% in individual studies. Inconsistent delivery and documentation of counselling were noted, along with a lack of knowledge about pregnancy complications and misconceptions regarding CVD severity. For contraceptive uptake (n = 5), the pooled prevalence was 64% (95% confidence interval, 45 to 82%). Women with CVD were also found to use less effective methods as well as methods not recommended for their condition (e.g., combined hormonal methods among participants with absolute or relative contraindications). Improving contraceptive counselling and choices for women with CVD can not only enhance knowledge and decision-making for women with CVD in line with their reproductive goals and preferences but reduce high-risk unintended pregnancies and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
INSR-Related Severe Insulin Resistance Syndrome.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: INSR-related severe insulin resistance syndrome (INSR-SIRS) comprises a phenotypic spectrum that is a continuum from the severe phenotype of Donohue syndrome to the milder phenotype of Rabson-Mendenhall syndrome (RMS). Donohue syndrome is characterized by severe insulin resistance (hyperinsulinemia with associated fasting hypoglycemia and postprandial hyperglycemia), severe prenatal growth restriction, postnatal growth failure, hypotonia, developmental delay, characteristic facies (proptosis, infraorbital folds, large, low-set, posteriorly rotated ears, thick vermilion of the upper and lower lips, and gingival hypertrophy), and organomegaly involving the heart, kidneys, liver, spleen, and ovaries. Death usually occurs before age one year. RMS, at the milder end of the spectrum, is characterized by severe insulin resistance that, although not as severe as that of Donohue syndrome, is nonetheless accompanied by fluctuations in blood glucose levels, diabetic ketoacidosis, and – in the second decade – microvascular complications. Findings can range from severe growth delay and intellectual disability to normal growth and development. Facial features can be milder than those of Donohue syndrome. Complications of longstanding hyperglycemia are the most common cause of death. While death usually occurs in the second decade, some affected individuals live longer. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of INSR-SIRS is established in a proband with characteristic clinical, laboratory, radiographic, and prenatal ultrasound findings and biallelic INSR pathogenic variants identified by molecular genetic testing. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Donohue syndrome: no effective treatments for insulin resistance or other manifestations of Donohue syndrome are currently available. Frequent feedings as well as increased protein content of evening feedings can help prevent fasting hypoglycemia. RMS: Insulin sensitizers are used first to decrease levels of glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c); however, their effect diminishes with time, often requiring dose adjustments and multidrug therapy. When hyperglycemia persists, insulin is started – usually in high doses, especially during the treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis. Standard treatment for hypothyroidism; oral contraceptives, antiandrogen therapies, and gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonists can be used to treat hyperandrogenism; oophorectomy may be needed for enlarged ovaries; nutritional, developmental, and educational support; rigorous workup and treatment of intercurrent infections; beta-blockers for cardiomyopathy; treatment of nephrocalcinosis per nephrologist; treatment of cholestasis per gastroenterologist; treatment of rectal prolapse per surgeon; standard treatments for malignancies; social work and family support. Surveillance: Capillary glucose levels during fasting and after feeding, when clinically indicated, or continuous monitoring; HbA1c, insulin, and C-peptide levels every three months; thyroid function and hyperandrogenism lab assessment every six months or as clinically indicated; ovarian ultrasound every three months until age two years, then every six months or as indicated; nutrition and growth assessment at each visit; assess psychomotor development every three months; assess for recurrent infections at each visit; echocardiogram and cardiac MRI every six months (each test alternating every three months) until age two years, then annually (each test alternating every six months) or as indicated; urine calcium and kidney ultrasound every six months; gynecologic evaluation for endometrial cancer in those with abnormal vaginal bleeding. Agents/circumstances to avoid: In Donohue syndrome, avoid agents that cause hypoglycemia, prolonged fasting, and contact with persons with contagious disease. In RMS avoid agents that cause hypoglycemia, high-carbohydrate diet, and contact with persons with contagious disease. GENETIC COUNSELING: INSR-SIRS is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for an INSR pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of inheriting biallelic pathogenic variants and being affected with INSR-SIRS, a 50% chance of inheriting one pathogenic variant and being heterozygous, and a 25% chance of inheriting neither of the familial INSR pathogenic variants. Heterozygotes are usually asymptomatic but may have features of the allelic disorder type A insulin resistance. Once the INSR pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member, heterozygote testing for at-risk relatives and prenatal and preimplantation genetic testing are possible. (Of note: Heterozygotes for an INSR pathogenic variant are at increased risk for gestational diabetes and require monitoring for glucose intolerance before and during pregnancy.)
The relevance of the glycaemic index to our understanding of dietary carbohydrates.; AIMS: To review the evidence for the importance of glycaemic index of dietary carbohydrate in disease prevention and control. METHODS: A critical appraisal of the literature published in English between and cited on Medline between January 1966 and October 1999. RESULTS: Using basic, intervention and epidemiological studies from experienced teams, evidence that the glycaemic index of diet may influence outcome in terms of cardiovascular risk, risk of metabolic syndrome diseases and pregnancy was found. CONCLUSIONS: Consideration of glycaemic indices in making dietary recommendations may be expected to produce additional health benefit.
Baboons as a model to study genetics and epigenetics of human disease.; A major challenge for understanding susceptibility to common human diseases is determining genetic and environmental factors that influence mechanisms underlying variation in disease-related traits. The most common diseases afflicting the US population are complex diseases that develop as a result of defects in multiple genetically controlled systems in response to environmental challenges. Unraveling the etiology of these diseases is exceedingly difficult because of the many genetic and environmental factors involved. Studies of complex disease genetics in humans are challenging because it is not possible to control pedigree structure and often not practical to control environmental conditions over an extended period of time. Furthermore, access to tissues relevant to many diseases from healthy individuals is quite limited. The baboon is a well-established research model for the study of a wide array of common complex diseases, including dyslipidemia, hypertension, obesity, and osteoporosis. It is possible to acquire tissues from healthy, genetically characterized baboons that have been exposed to defined environmental stimuli. In this review, we describe the genetic and physiologic similarity of baboons with humans, the ability and usefulness of controlling environment and breeding, and current genetic and genomic resources. We discuss studies on genetics of heart disease, obesity, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, and intrauterine growth restriction using the baboon as a model for human disease. We also summarize new studies and resources under development, providing examples of potential translational studies for targeted interventions and therapies for human disease.
Increasing incidence of type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents: treatment considerations.; The emerging public health problem of type 2 diabetes in youth reflects increasing rates of childhood obesity. As in adults, type 2 diabetes in children is part of the insulin resistance syndrome that includes hypertension, dyslipidemia and other atherosclerosis risk factors, and hyperandrogenism seen as premature adrenarche and polycystic ovary syndrome. Studies in children document risk factors for type 2 diabetes and associated cardiovascular risk factors, including obesity, family history, diabetic gestation, and underweight or overweight for gestational age. Genetically determined insulin resistance, or limited beta-cell reserve, has been demonstrated in high risk individuals. This genetic background, considered advantageous in a feast and famine existence (the thrifty genotype), is rendered detrimental with abundant food and physical inactivity, a lifestyle demonstrated to be typical of families of children with type 2 diabetes. Case finding in high risk individuals who are asymptomatic may be an appropriate response to the public health challenge of type 2 diabetes in children, because risk factors for cardiovascular disease are already present at the time of diagnosis. Treatment is dictated by the degree of metabolic derangement and symptoms. The only data on the use of oral hypoglycemic agents in children has been with metformin. Prevention efforts will require community and government involvement to reduce obesity and increase physical activity in the child, as well as adult, population.
Guidelines for management of hypertension: report of the third working party of the British Hypertension Society.; Use non-pharmacological measures in all hypertensive and borderline hypertensive people. Initiate antihypertensive drug therapy in people with sustained systolic blood pressures (BP) >/=160 mm Hg or sustained diastolic BP >/=100 mm Hg. Decide on treatment in people with sustained systolic BP between 140 and 159 mm Hg or sustained diastolic BP between 90 and 99 mm Hg according to the presence or absence of target organ damage, cardiovascular disease or a 10-year coronary heart disease (CHD) risk of >/=15% according to the Joint British Societies CHD risk assessment programme/risk chart. In people with diabetes mellitus, initiate antihypertensive drug therapy if systolic BP is sustained >/=140 mm Hg or diastolic BP is sustained >/=90 mm Hg. In non-diabetic hypertensive people, optimal BP treatment targets are: systolic BP <140 mm Hg and diastolic BP <85 mm Hg. The minimum acceptable level of control (Audit Standard) recommended is <150/<90 mm Hg. Despite best practice, these levels will be difficult to achieve in some hypertensive people. In diabetic hypertensive people, optimal BP targets are; systolic BP <140 mm Hg and diastolic BP <80 mm Hg. The minimum acceptable level of control (Audit Standard) recommended is <140/<90 mm Hg. Despite best practice, these levels will be difficult to achieve in some people with diabetes and hypertension. In the absence of contraindications or compelling indications for other antihypertensive agents, low dose thiazide diuretics or beta-blockers are preferred as first-line therapy for the majority of hypertensive people. In the absence of compelling indications for beta-blockade, diuretics or long acting dihydropyridine calcium antagonists are preferred to beta-blockers in older subjects. Compelling indications and contraindications for all antihypertensive drug classes are specified. For most hypertensives, a combination of antihypertensive drugs will be required to achieve the recommended targets for blood pressure control. Other drugs that reduce cardiovascular risk must also be considered. These include aspirin for secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, and primary prevention in treated hypertensive subjects over the age of 50 years who have a 10-year CHD risk >/=15% and in whom blood pressure is controlled to the audit standard. In accordance with existing British recommendations, statin therapy is recommended for hypertensive people with a total cholesterol >/=5 mmol/L and established vascular disease, or 10-year CHD risk >/=30% estimated from the Joint British Societies CHD risk chart. Glycaemic control should also be optimised in diabetic subjects. Specific advice is given on the management of hypertension in specific patient groups, ie, the elderly, ethnic subgroups, diabetes mellitus, chronic renal disease and in women (pregnancy, oral contraceptive use and hormone replacement therapy). Suggestions for the implementation and audit of these guidelines in primary care are provided.
Periconception weight loss: common sense for mothers, but what about for babies?; Obesity in the childbearing population is increasingly common. Obesity is associated with increased risk for a number of maternal and neonatal pregnancy complications. Some of these complications, such as gestational diabetes, are risk factors for long-term disease in both mother and baby. While clinical practice guidelines advocate for healthy weight prior to pregnancy, there is not a clear directive for achieving healthy weight before conception. There are known benefits to even moderate weight loss prior to pregnancy, but there are potential adverse effects of restricted nutrition during the periconceptional period. Epidemiological and animal studies point to differences in offspring conceived during a time of maternal nutritional restriction. These include changes in hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function, body composition, glucose metabolism, and cardiovascular function. The periconceptional period is therefore believed to play an important role in programming offspring physiological function and is sensitive to nutritional insult. This review summarizes the evidence to date for offspring programming as a result of maternal periconception weight loss. Further research is needed in humans to clearly identify benefits and potential risks of losing weight in the months before conceiving. This may then inform us of clinical practice guidelines for optimal approaches to achieving a healthy weight before pregnancy.
Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy.; Cardiac disease of pregnancy encompasses a broad arena of pathologies. Many cardiac diseases during pregnancy are under investigation, and many others which are still not understood require further inquiry. Some of these diseases may be exacerbations of pre-existing conditions that the pregnant woman may already have, or they may develop a new disease process that presents because of the complex hormonal changes and physiology of pregnancy. Pre-existing conditions that can predispose pregnant women to cardiovascular disease include hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and congenital heart disease. Regardless, cardiac disease of pregnancy is a significant cause of or morbidity and mortality and has been cited to be present between 1 to 4% of all pregnancies. Although there is a significant risk involved with such pregnancies, one can successfully treat the majority of these incidents if early detection and careful follow-up are a part of routine care.
Hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and hyperglycemia: contributing factors in the pathogenesis of hypertension and atherosclerosis.; Subtle abnormalities of carbohydrate metabolism and overt diabetes mellitus are both associated with a substantial increase in the prevalence of hypertension and the accelerated development of atherosclerosis. Hypertension is also a presumed independent risk factor for atherosclerosis, although some of the atherogenic properties of hypertension may be related to the recently recognized subtle metabolic abnormalities commonly found in persons with essential hypertension. The results of epidemiologic studies suggest that the elevated fasting and postprandial insulin levels that often occur in patients with essential hypertension, as well as in patients with type II diabetes mellitus, are an independent risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Elevated glucose levels in patients with diabetes and hypertension appear to contribute to the acceleration of atherosclerosis, perhaps through toxic effects on the vascular endothelium. Other cardiovascular risk factors that are accentuated in persons with carbohydrate intolerance and hypertension include abnormalities in platelet function, clotting factors, the fibrinolytic system, and dyslipidemia. The goals of both nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic therapy for patients with abnormal carbohydrate metabolism and hypertension are to decrease cardiovascular risk as well as lower blood pressure.
Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in self-reported diabetics among various ethnic groups and associated risk factors in North-East India: A hospital-based study.; PURPOSE: To describe the prevalence and severity of diabetic retinopathy (DR) among different ethnic groups of North-East India and to study the associated risk factors. METHODS: In this hospital based cross sectional study 7,133 individuals among the age group of 20-79 years, attending the OPD, were screened for presence of Diabetes Mellitus (DM) (HbA1c >7% or previously diagnosed). Among them, 780 (10.94%) had diabetes; they were evaluated for presence of any retinopathy (based on fundus photograph and fluorescein angiography), its grade (based on International DR severity scale), and risk factors. DR patients were further grouped into different ethnicities (Assamese, Bengali, minor tribes, and other immigrants). RESULTS: Of the 780 patients with diabetes, 58 patients had type 1 DM and 722 patients had type 2 DM. The overall prevalence of DR was 30.0% with vision-threatening retinopathy and maculopathy being 10.00% and 4.49%, respectively. The prevalence of retinopathy range was the highest in the immigrants' group (50.00% among type 1 DM and 44.93% among type 2 DM) and lowest in the tribal's groups (16.67% among type 1 DM and 22.35% among type 2 DM). The risk factors showing significant association with DR were longer diabetes duration, older age, family history of diabetes, higher HbA1c level, associated hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia, and pregnancy state (P value <0.05). CONCLUSION: Every third patient with diabetes had some form of DR with Vision Threatening DR (VTDR) affecting every tenth patient. There was also a wide variation in the prevalence of DR among ethnic groups and this difference could not be attributed to variation in the known measurable risk factors among different ethnic groups, thus signifying the role of ethnicity in occurrence and severity of DR.
The Health Effects of Vitamin D and Probiotic Co-Supplementation: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials.; Evidence of synergic health effects of co-supplementation with vitamin D and probiotics is emerging. Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses PRISMA statement, scientific databases and the grey literature were searched, and a narrative review and risk of bias assessment were conducted. Seven randomized controlled trials were included, which had low risk of bias. Six studies were double-blind, and once single-blind, extended over 6-12 weeks, and included 50-105 participants. Conditions explored included schizophrenia, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, osteopenia, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and infantile colic. Supplementation frequency was daily or bi-monthly, with mainly vitamin D3, and Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Streptococcus. Comparators were placebo, vitamin D, lower vitamin D dose, and probiotics and lower vitamin D dose. The co-supplementation yielded greater health benefits than its comparators did in all studies except in one assessing IBS. Beneficial effects included decreased disease severity, improved mental health, metabolic parameters, mainly insulin sensitivity, dyslipidemia, inflammation, and antioxidative capacity, and lower use of healthcare. Co-supplementation of vitamin D and probiotics generated greater health benefits than its comparators did. More studies in other diseases and various populations are needed to confirm these findings and to elucidate the optimal form, composition, and frequency of this co-supplementation.
Early Life Surgency, but not Effortful Control or Negative Affectivity, Is a Mediating Variable Between Maternal Pre-Pregnancy Body Mass Index and Childhood Obesity Risk.; Maternal gestational obesity is related to risk of obesity in the child. This risk may be in part mediated by altered child temperament, which can affect mother-child interactions, including feeding and soothing behaviors that affect obesity risk. Our objective was to examine the association between maternal pre-pregnancy BMI and child zBMI and determine if child temperament, specifically positive Affectivity/Surgency, mediates this association. Using conditional process modeling, we analyzed data from 408 mother-child dyads enrolled in the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) study. Child temperament was assessed at 3 years of age via a parent report measure, the Child Behavior Questionnaire (CBQ), and child zBMI was calculated from in-person measurements of child height and weight at 4-5 years of age. Bivariate correlations showed that there was a significant positive correlation between zBMI and Surgency (r = 0.11, p = 0.03), and zBMI was also correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (r = 0.12, p = 0.02). Multivariable regression revealed that maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (adjusted β = 0.15, 95% confidence interval [CI]; 0.00-0.05, p = 0.02) and Surgency scores (adjusted β = 0.14, 95% CI; 0.02-0.28, p = 0.03) were associated with higher child zBMI at 4-5 years of age. Mediation analysis showed that Surgency mediated the association between pre-pregnancy BMI and child zBMI. Our models controlled for maternal gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, socioeconomic status, maternal anxiety and depression, and gestational age at birth. Overall, maternal pre-pregnancy BMI was positively associated with child zBMI, and this association was mediated by higher child Surgency scores.
Maternal weight in pregnancy and offspring body composition in late adulthood: findings from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study (HBCS).; INTRODUCTION: Maternal obesity has long-term consequences for the offspring's later health, including an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The underlying mechanisms explaining these associations are, however, not fully understood. METHODS: A total of 2003 individuals from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study born 1934-44, underwent measurements of body size, body composition, and clinical characteristics at a mean age of 62 years. Data on maternal anthropometry were available from hospital records. RESULTS: Maternal BMI was positively associated with BMI in the offspring. Higher maternal BMI was associated with less favorable body composition in the offspring. There was a significant interaction between birth weight and maternal BMI on offspring body fat percentage (P for interaction 0.003). In mothers with low BMI, a higher offspring birth weight was associated with lower fat percentage, while among those with maternal BMI in the highest fourth, higher offspring birth weight predicted higher body fat percentage. DISCUSSION: Our findings suggest that a disadvantageous body composition is programmed in early life. This may in part underlie the association between maternal obesity and later cardio-metabolic health of the offspring. These findings support the importance of prevention of overweight in women of child-bearing age.
Is periodontal disease a risk factor for severe COVID-19 illness?; Periodontal disease (PD) comprises a group of diseases involving inflammatory aspects of the host and dysbiotic events that affect periodontal tissues and could have systemic implications. Diverse factors and comorbidities have been closely associated with PD such as diabetes, obesity, aging, hypertension, and so on; although, underlying mechanisms or causal associations have not been established completely. Interestingly, these same factors have been widely associated with progression or severe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), an illness caused by coronavirus SARS-CoV-2. Since inflammatory and dysbiotic factors as well as comorbidities affect systemic health, it is possible that periodontal status indicates the risk of complication of COVID-19. However, assessment of oral health history including periodontal status in COVID-19 patients has not been reported. Knowing PD is associated with severe COVID-19 could help identify risk groups and establish pertinent recommendations.
Provider adherence to recommended prenatal care content: does it differ for obese women?; The objective of this study was to examine provider adherence to prenatal care (PNC) content in obese and non-obese women and perinatal outcomes in obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content. Provider adherence to PNC content (low <50%, medium 50-79%, and high ≥80%) was compared between obese (n = 69) and non-obese (n = 128) women in a linked database of deliveries to low-income, minority women from 2003 to 2004. Sample content items included procedures delivered at every visit (blood pressure, urinalysis, maternal weight, fetal heart rate check), timed screenings for birth defects and gestational diabetes, prenatal vitamin prescriptions, and depression screening. Weight gain, preterm deliveries, cesareans, and birthweight were compared between obese women with low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content using multivariable logistic regression. High provider adherence to an eight-item PNC content score (56.3 vs. 66.5%, p = 0.02) and depression screening (2.0 vs. 11.4%, p = 0.001) were both lower for obese versus non-obese women. Among obese women, there were no differences by level of provider adherence to PNC content in preterm delivery, cesareans, and low birth weight, but obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence were more likely to gain ≥20 lbs (aOR 5.5, 95% CI 1.3-23.3). Providers may be administering PNC differently to obese and non-obese women. PNC for obese women who are at high risk of adverse perinatal outcomes needs to be addressed especially as it relates to depression screening and gestational weight gain.
Hyperechogenic kidneys and polyhydramnios associated with HNF1B gene mutation.; BACKGROUND: HNF1B mutation is the leading cause of isolated hyperechogenic fetal kidneys with normal or moderately large size. Although most cases have normal amniotic fluid volume, some cases present with early oligohydramnios and renal failure associated with high perinatal mortality. CASE DIAGNOSIS/TREATMENT: Here we report on seven fetuses from six unrelated families, carrying an HNF1B mutation, and presenting with polyhydramnios during the second or third trimester of pregnancy. Polyhydramnios was transitory in two cases. None of the mothers was presenting gestational diabetes. Bilateral hyperechogenic kidneys with size between -2.5 and +2 SD was the most common renal phenotype at prenatal US. Two patients were born prematurely at 28 and 32 weeks of gestation, respectively. Both presented high urine output the first days of life with urinary salt and potassium loss requiring hydro-electrolytic compensation. All mutations were large deletions removing the whole HNF1B gene. CONCLUSIONS: In the absence of maternal diabetes, HNF1B mutation can be associated with polyhydramnios, probably due to fetal polyuria. Thus, HNF1B mutation represents a differential diagnosis of polyhydramnios associated with hyperechogenic (and sometimes enlarged) kidneys.
Fetal Cardiac Function: Myocardial Performance Index.; The Myocardial Performance Index (MPI) or Tei index, presented by Tei in 1995, is the ratio of the sum of the duration of the isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) and isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT) to the duration of the ejection time (ET). The Modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod-MPI), proposed in 2005, is considered a reliable and useful tool in the study of fetal heart function in several conditions, such as growth restriction, twin-twin transfusion syndrome, maternal diabetes, preeclampsia, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and adverse perinatal outcomes. Nevertheless, clinical translation is currently limited by poorly standardised methodology as variations in the technique, machine settings, caliper placement, and specific training required can result in significantly different MPI values. This review aims to provide a survey of the relevant literature on MPI, present a strict methodology and technical considerations, and propose future research.
Mitral valve prolapse in young Israelis with thromboembolic brain disease.; In order to establish the association between mitral valve prolapse (MVP) and the incidence of thromboembolic disease of the brain we reassessed 36 patients (less than or equal to 50 years old) who were hospitalized during 1983-85 because of cerebrovascular accidents. The patients underwent complete physical and neurological examinations, blood tests including coagulogram and two-dimensional echocardiogram. The control group comprised 117 patients without cerebrovascular events. In the study group, 4 patients (11.1%) had MVP compared with 10 (8.5%) in the control group. Of these four, only one male did not have any risk factor for thromboembolic event; among the other three the risk factors were systemic lupus erythematosus, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, hypertension and pregnancy. We conclude that our results are in accordance with most of the literature that MVP is not a risk factor for thromboembolic disease except in Greek and Italian populations, which are ethnically more homogeneous than other Western societies studied.
Type 2 diabetes in children.; The emerging epidemic of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in young people reflects increasing rates of obesity and parallels the increasing frequency of T2DM in adults. As in adults, T2DM in children is part of the insulin resistance syndrome that includes hyperandrogenism seen as premature adrenarche and polycystic ovary syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and other atherosclerosis risk factors. Recent studies in children document risk factors for T2DM, and associated cardiovascular risk factors, including obesity, family history, diabetic gestation, and underweight or overweight for gestational age. Genetically determined insulin resistance or limited beta-cell reserve has been demonstrated in high-risk individuals, including first-degree relatives of girls with premature adrenarche. This genetic background, considered advantageous in a feast-and-famine existence (the thrifty genotype), is rendered detrimental with abundant food and physical inactivity, a lifestyle demonstrated to be typical of families of children with T2DM. The increasing incidence of T2DM in children and adolescents threatens to become a major public health problem. Risk factors for cardiovascular disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and microalbuminuria are present at diagnosis of T2DM in Native American adolescents, indicating that insulin resistance has been present for some time before the diagnosis of diabetes was made. Case finding is likely to be beneficial in high-risk youths. Treatment is the same as that of adults. The only data on use of oral hypoglycemic agents in children have been with metformin. Community and governmental efforts to educate all children and their parents about the need for physical activity and dietary modification are essential to control this epidemic.
Plasma total homocysteine level and its association with carotid intima-media thickness in obesity.; BACKGROUND: Elevated plasma concentrations of total homocysteine (tHcy) and obesity are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The relationship between hyperhomocysteinemia and obesity has not been totally elucidated. OBJECTIVE: The first aim of the study was to investigate whether anthropometric measurements and insulin resistance contribute to the variation in homocysteine levels in obese adults. Our second aim was to determine if any relationship exists between the carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and plasma tHcy levels in obese subjects without traditional cardiovascular risk factors. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Fifty-five obese (15 male, 40 female) and 30 (11 male, 19 female) age- and sex-matched apparently healthy volunteers were included. Exclusion criteria were smoking, hypertension, diabetes, vitamin ingestion, hyperlipidemia, renal failure, liver disease, pregnancy, menopause and secondary obesity such as Cushing's syndrome, hypothyroidism. tHcy, folate, vitamin B12 levels, fasting insulin, glucose, total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL, LDL particles, uric acid, creatinine and creatinine clearance were measured. Non-invasive ultrasound measurements of carotid IMT were performed. RESULTS: tHcy levels and carotid IMT were comparable between obese and non-obese subjects. Waist/hip ratio (WHR) was related to tHcy and carotid IMT. Hyperhomocysteinemic subjects (tHcy >19.2 micromol/l) had greater WHR than normo-homocysteinemic subjects. Both tHcy levels and carotid IMT were higher in male subjects both in obese and non-obese subjects. No association was observed between insulin resistance and tHcy and carotid IMT. Renal function and abdominal obesity were significant predictors of plasma tHcy levels. CONCLUSIONS: We concluded that, in obese subjects who are free from atherosclerosis and impaired renal function, plasma tHcy levels do not differ from healthy subjects. Plasma tHcy concentrations are not related to carotid IMT in obese subjects during the non-atherogenic stage. Although no significant difference was observed between insulin-resistant and insulin-sensitive subjects compared to the plasma tHcy levels, the relationship between tHcy levels and some components of the insulin resistance syndrome may support the opinion that tHcy may be considered a component of the insulin resistance syndrome.
Blood pressure trajectory and category and risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in nulliparous women.; BACKGROUND: Recently updated American College of Cardiology/ American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) guidelines redefine blood pressure categories as stage 1 hypertension (systolic, 130-139 mm Hg or diastolic, 80-89 mm Hg), elevated (systolic, 120-129 mm Hg and diastolic, <80 mm Hg), and normal (<120/<80 mm Hg), but their relevance to an obstetric population is uncertain. OBJECTIVE: We sought to evaluate the risk of gestational hypertension or preeclampsia based on early pregnancy blood pressure category and trajectory. STUDY DESIGN: We utilized data from the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be cohort, a prospective observational study of nulliparous women with singleton pregnancies conducted at 8 clinical sites between 2010 and 2014. Women included in this analysis had no known history of prepregnancy hypertension (blood pressure, ≥140/90 mm Hg) or diabetes. We compared the frequency of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, including preeclampsia and gestational hypertension, among women based on ACC/AHA blood pressure category at a first-trimester study visit and blood pressure trajectory between study visits in the first and second trimesters. Blood pressure trajectories were categorized based on blood pressure difference between visits 1 and 2 as stable (<5 mm Hg difference), upward (≥5 mm Hg), or downward (≤-5 mm Hg). Associations of blood pressure category and trajectory with preeclampsia and gestational hypertension were assessed via univariate analysis and multinomial logistic regression analysis with covariates identified a priori. RESULTS: A total of 8899 women were included in the analysis. Study visit 1 occurred at a mean gestational age of 11.6 ± 1.5 weeks and study visit 2 at a mean gestational age of 19.0 ± 1.6 weeks. First-trimester blood pressure category was significantly associated with both preeclampsia and gestational hypertension, with increasing blood pressure category associated with a higher risk of all hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Elevated blood pressure was associated with an adjusted relative risk of 1.54 (95% confidence interval, 1.18-2.02) and stage 1 hypertension was associated with adjusted relative risk of 2.16 (95% confidence interval, 1.31-3.57) of any hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Stage 1 hypertension was associated with the highest risk of preeclampsia with severe features, with an adjusted relative risk of 2.48 (95% confidence interval, 1.38-8.74). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure trajectories were also significantly associated with the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy independent of blood pressure category (P < .001). Women with a blood pressure categorized as normal and with an upward systolic trajectory had a 41% increased risk of any hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (adjusted relative risk, 1.41; 95% confidence interval, 1.20-1.65) compared to women with a downward systolic trajectory. CONCLUSION: In nulliparous women, blood pressure category and trajectory in early pregnancy are independently associated with risk of preeclampsia and gestational hypertension. Our study demonstrates that blood pressure categories with lower thresholds than those traditionally used to identify individuals as hypertensive may identify more women at risk for preeclampsia and gestational hypertension.
Physiopathology of intrauterine growth retardation: from classic data to metabolomics.; It is well known that adverse conditions during intrauterine life, such as intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), can result in permanent changes in the physiology and metabolism of the newborn, which in turn leads to an increased risk of disease in adulthood (fetal origin of adult disease hypothesis). In the first part of this review the epidemiological studies in which a correlation between low birth weight and chronic pathologies in adulthood was observed are reported. The second part of the review is focused on metabolomics studies that have revealed an altered metabolism in IUGR patients compared to controls. Together with more classic biomarkers of IUGR, such as endothelin-1, leptin, protein S100B and visfatin, the new holistic metabolomics approach has assumed a crescent role in the identification of disorders in the neonatal metabolic profile, determined by the interconnection of the different processes.
Maternal Obesity Modulates Cord Blood Concentrations of Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin-type 9 Levels.; CONTEXT: In utero exposure to maternal obesity or diabetes is considered a pro-inflammatory state. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether cord blood proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-type 9 (PCSK9), which is regulated by inflammation and metabolic derangements, is elevated in neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers. METHODS: A retrospective study in full-term neonates born between 2010 and 2023, at Brigham and Women's Hospital. There were 116 neonates included in our study, of which 74 (64%) were born to overweight/obese mothers and 42 (36%) were born to nonoverweight/nonobese mothers. RESULTS: Neonates born to overweight/obese mothers had significantly higher cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 compared with neonates born to nonoverweight/nonobese group (323 [253-442] ng/mL compared with 270 [244-382] ng/mL, P = .041). We found no significant difference in cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 between neonates of diabetic mothers compared with neonates of nondiabetic mothers. In multivariate linear regression analysis, higher cord plasma PCSK9 concentration was significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status (b = 50.12; 95% CI, 4.02-96.22; P = .033), after adjusting for gestational age, birth weight, male sex, and intrauterine growth restriction. CONCLUSION: Neonates born to mothers with overweight/obesity have higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations compared with the nonoverweight/nonobese group, and higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations were significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status, after adjusting for perinatal factors. Larger longitudinal studies are needed to examine the role of PCSK9 in the development of metabolic syndrome in high-risk neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers.
Proteinuria during pregnancy: definition, pathophysiology, methodology, and clinical significance.; Qualitative and quantitative measurement of urine protein excretion is one of the most common tests performed during pregnancy. For more than 100 years, proteinuria was necessary for the diagnosis of preeclampsia, but recent guidelines recommend that proteinuria is sufficient but not necessary for the diagnosis. Still, in clinical practice, most patients with gestational hypertension will be diagnosed as having preeclampsia based on the presence of proteinuria. Although the reference standard for measuring urinary protein excretion is a 24-hour urine collection, spot urine protein-to-creatinine ratio is a reasonable "rule-out" test for proteinuria. Urine dipstick screening for proteinuria does not provide any clinical benefit and should not be used to diagnose proteinuria. The classic cutoff cited to define proteinuria during pregnancy is a value of >300 mg/24 hours or a urine protein-to-creatinine ratio of at least 0.3. Using this cutoff, the rate of isolated proteinuria in pregnancy may reach 8%, whereas preeclampsia occurs among 3% to 8% of pregnancies. Although this threshold is widely accepted, its origin is not based on evidence on adverse pregnancy outcomes but rather on expert opinion and results of small studies. After reviewing the available data, the most important factor that influences maternal and neonatal outcome is the severity of blood pressures and presence of end organ damage, rather than the excess protein excretion. Because the management of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia without severe features is almost identical in frequency of surveillance and timing of delivery, the separation into 2 disorders is unnecessary. If the management of women with gestational hypertension with a positive assessment of proteinuria will not change, we believe that urine assessment for proteinuria is unnecessary in women who develop new-onset blood pressure at or after 20 weeks' gestation. Furthermore, we do not recommend repeated measurement of proteinuria for women with preeclampsia, the amount of proteinuria does not seem to be related to poor maternal and neonatal outcomes, and monitoring proteinuria may lead to unindicated preterm deliveries and related neonatal complications. Our current diagnosis of preeclampsia in women with chronic kidney disease may be based on a change in protein excretion, a baseline protein excretion evaluation is critical in certain conditions such as chronic hypertension, diabetes, and autoimmune or other renal disorders. The current definition of superimposed preeclampsia possesses a diagnostic dilemma, and it is unclear whether a change in the baseline proteinuria reflects another systemic disease such as preeclampsia or whether women with chronic disease such as chronic hypertension or diabetes will experience a different "normal" pattern of protein excretion during pregnancy. Finally, limited data are available regarding angiogenic and other biomarkers in women with chronic kidney disease as a potential aid in distinguishing the worsening of baseline chronic kidney disease and chronic hypertension from superimposed preeclampsia.
Double bubble, double trouble.; Duodenal atresia (DA) is not uncommon, either as an isolated anomaly or associated with trisomy 21, malrotation, or cardiac anomalies. It may be diagnosed on antenatal ultrasound by a "double-bubble" sign, which typically persists after birth on a plain abdominal radiograph. DA as a familial association is rare but has been reported with or without other associated anomalies. We report DA in two siblings of nonconsanguineous parents, one case occurring with an annular pancreas in association with gestational diabetes. These two cases suggest possible genetic and environmental components in the aetiology of this anomaly.
Relationship between initial therapy and blood pressure control for high-risk hypertension patients in the UK: a retrospective cohort study from the THIN general practice database.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the UK practice patterns in treating newly diagnosed hypertension and to determine whether subgroups of high-risk patients are more or less likely to follow particular therapeutic protocols and to reach blood pressure goals. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: This study examined adults in The Health Improvement Network (THIN) UK general practice medical records database who were initiated on medication for hypertension. PARTICIPANTS: 48 131 patients with essential hypertension diagnosed between 2008 and 2010 who were registered with a participating practice for a minimum of 13 months prior to, and 6 months following, initiation of therapy. We excluded patients with gestational hypertension or secondary hypertension. Patients were classified into risk groups based on blood pressure readings and comorbid conditions. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: Odds of receiving single versus fixed or free-drug combination therapy and odds of achieving blood pressure control were assessed using multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: The vast majority of patients (95.8%) were initiated on single drug therapy. Patients with high cardiovascular risk (patients with grade 2-3 hypertension or those with high normal/grade 1 hypertension plus at least one cardiovascular condition pretreatment) had a statistically significant benefit of starting immediately on combination therapy when blood pressure control was the desired goal (OR: 1.23; 95% CI: 1.06 to 1.42) but, surprisingly, were less likely than patients with no risk factors to receive combination therapy (OR: 0.53; 95% CI: 0.47 to 0.59). CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that combination therapy may be indicated for patients with high cardiovascular risk, who accounted for 60.6% of our study population. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guideline CG34 of 2006 (in effect during the study period) recommended starting with single drug class therapy for most patients, and this advice does seem to have been followed even in cases where a more aggressive approach might have been considered.
Extreme obesity in pregnancy in the United Kingdom.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the prevalence and describe on a national basis the management and outcomes of extreme obesity (body mass index [BMI] 50 kg/m or higher) in pregnancy in the United Kingdom. METHODS: A national cohort study was undertaken. Extremely obese women (BMI 50 or higher) and a comparison cohort were identified using the UK Obstetric Surveillance System. Prevalence estimates were calculated with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Data for obese and comparison women were compared using the chi test or the Wilcoxon rank sum test. Odds ratios were estimated throughout using unconditional logistic regression. RESULTS: There were 665 women with extreme obesity in an estimated 764,387 women delivering, representing an estimated prevalence of 8.7 cases per 10,000 deliveries (95% CI 8.1-9.4). Extremely obese women had more complications than did comparison women, including preeclampsia (9% of women in the case group, 2% of those in the comparison group), gestational diabetes (11% of women in the case group, 2% of those in the comparison group), preterm delivery (10% of women in the case group, 7% of those in the comparison group), general anesthesia (6% of women in the case group, 1% of those in the comparison group), and intensive care unit admission (3% of women in the case group, 1% of those in the comparison group). Fifty percent of extremely obese women had cesarean deliveries compared with 22% of women in the comparison group. No women died. CONCLUSION: Nearly 1 in every 1,000 women giving birth in the United Kingdom is extremely obese. These women have increased risks of poor outcomes. Basic equipment was not universally available for the care of these women, and this, together with the increase in prevalence of obesity, has important implications for maternity service provision. There is an urgent need to address prepregnancy care and weight management programs to prevent this increase in prevalence, as well as to ensure that appropriate services are in place to reduce the inequalities in pregnancy outcomes for these women.
Nutrients, neurodevelopment, and mood.; Human neurodevelopment is the result of genetic and environmental interactions. This paper examines the role of prenatal nutrition relative to psychiatric disorders and explores the relationship among nutrients, mood changes, and mood disorders. Epidemiologic studies have found that adults who were born with a normal, yet low birth weight have an increased susceptibility to diseases such as coronary heart disease, diabetes, and stroke in adulthood. Prenatal caloric malnutrition, low birth weight, and prematurity also increase the risk for neurodevelopmental disorders, schizophrenia, affective disorders, and schizoid and antisocial personality disorders. Placebo-controlled studies in medicated patients suggest that add-on treatment with omega-3 fatty acids, particularly eicosapentaenoic acid, may ameliorate symptoms of major depressive disorder. Additional studies are necessary to confirm any benefits for bipolar disorders.
The nonskeletal effects of vitamin D: an Endocrine Society scientific statement.; Significant controversy has emerged over the last decade concerning the effects of vitamin D on skeletal and nonskeletal tissues. The demonstration that the vitamin D receptor is expressed in virtually all cells of the body and the growing body of observational data supporting a relationship of serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D to chronic metabolic, cardiovascular, and neoplastic diseases have led to widespread utilization of vitamin D supplementation for the prevention and treatment of numerous disorders. In this paper, we review both the basic and clinical aspects of vitamin D in relation to nonskeletal organ systems. We begin by focusing on the molecular aspects of vitamin D, primarily by examining the structure and function of the vitamin D receptor. This is followed by a systematic review according to tissue type of the inherent biological plausibility, the strength of the observational data, and the levels of evidence that support or refute an association between vitamin D levels or supplementation and maternal/child health as well as various disease states. Although observational studies support a strong case for an association between vitamin D and musculoskeletal, cardiovascular, neoplastic, and metabolic disorders, there remains a paucity of large-scale and long-term randomized clinical trials. Thus, at this time, more studies are needed to definitively conclude that vitamin D can offer preventive and therapeutic benefits across a wide range of physiological states and chronic nonskeletal disorders.
Associations of maternal inflammatory states with human milk composition in mothers of preterm infants.; INTRODUCTION: Overweight/obesity (ow/ob) is increasing in prevalence in pregnant women, and it is associated with other pro-inflammatory states, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm labor. Data are lacking if mothers experiencing inflammatory states who deliver preterm have mother's own milk (MOM) with differing inflammatory markers or pro-inflammatory fatty acid (FA) profiles. METHODS: The aim was to explore associations of maternal pre- and perinatal inflammatory states with levels of inflammatory markers and/or FAs in longitudinal samples of MOM from mothers of preterm infants born <1,250 g. Inflammatory states included pre-pregnancy ow/ob, diabetes, chorioamnionitis (chorio), preterm labor (PTL), premature rupture of membranes (PROM), pre-eclampsia, and cesarian delivery. In MOM, inflammatory markers studied included c-reactive protein (CRP), free choline, IFN-Ɣ, IL-10, IL-1β, IL-1ra, IL-6, IL-8, and TNF-α, and FAs included omega-6:omega-3 ratio, arachidonic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, linoleic acid, monounsaturated FAs, and saturated FAs. The above inflammatory states were assessed individually, and the healthiest mothers (normal BMI, no chorio, and ± no pre-eclampsia) were grouped. Regression analysis tested associations at baseline (day 5) and over time using generalized estimating equations. RESULTS: A total of 92 infants were included who were delivered to mothers (42% ow/ob) at a median gestational age of 27.7 weeks and birth weight of 850 g. MOM CRP was 116% higher (relative change 2.16) in mothers with ow/ob at baseline than others (p = 0.01), and lower (relative change 0.46, 0.33, respectively) in mothers in the two "healthy groups" at baseline (both p < 0.05) than others. MOM IL-8 levels were lower with chorio and PTL at baseline. No significant associations were found for other individual or grouped inflammatory states nor for other MOM inflammatory markers nor FA profiles at baseline. DISCUSSION: In conclusion, MOM CRP levels are positively associated with inflammatory states, such as ow/ob. Reassuringly, there was no association between FA profiles or most other inflammatory markers and maternal inflammatory states. Further studies are needed to determine potential associations or ramifications of MOM CRP in vulnerable preterm infants.
Fetal and neonatal thyroid function in relation to maternal Graves' disease.; The abundance of published data on the neonatal effects of maternal Graves' disease (GD) contrasts with the paucity of information on fetal effects. In our yet unpublished study, we prospectively studied 72 pregnant women with a history of Graves' disease. Fetal ultrasonography was done at 22 and 32 weeks of gestational age. Fetal goiter was found at 32 weeks in 11 of the fetuses of the 41 mothers with positive TSH-receptor antibodies and/or antithyroid treatment and in none of the fetuses of the 31 other mothers. In the 11 fetuses with goiter, ultrasound findings (thyroid Doppler and bone maturation), fetal heart rate, and maternal antibody and antithyroid drug status effectively discriminated between hypothyroidism (n=7) and hyperthyroidism (n=4). One fetus with hyperthyroidism died in utero at 35 weeks from heart failure. Treatment was successful in the ten other fetuses. One fetus without goiter had moderate hypothyroidism at birth. This study showed that it is of the utmost importance to have the fetal thyroid scrutinized by an expert ultrasonographist and to have team work with obstetricians and paediatric endocrinologists in pregnant mothers with GD. This allowed us to accurately determine fetal thyroid status and to adapt the treatment in mothers successfully. Fetal hyperthyroidism does exist and needs an appropriate aggressive treatment.
Possible Common Aetiology behind Maternal Preeclampsia and Congenital Heart Defects in the Child: a Cardiovascular Diseases in Norway Project Study.; BACKGROUND: The aetiology of congenital heart defects (CHD) is mostly unknown, but maternal factors may modify the infant risk of CHD. We investigated the association between maternal preeclampsia and offspring risk of severe CHD in a nation-wide cohort study. METHODS: Information on all births registered in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, 1994-2009, was completed with information on CHD diagnoses from national health registries and the Cardiovascular Diseases in Norway Project (CVDNOR). RESULTS: Among 914 703 singleton births without chromosomal abnormalities, 32 864 (3.6%) were born after a pregnancy with preeclampsia. The preeclampsia was diagnosed before the 34th week of pregnancy (early-onset preeclampsia) in 2618 (8.0% of preeclamptic pregnancies). CHDs were diagnosed in 10 691 infants; of these, 2473 had severe CHD. The risk of severe CHD was compared between births with and without maternal preeclampsia and estimated with binomial log-linear regression. When adjusting for year of birth, maternal age, parity, and pregestational diabetes, the risk ratio (RR) for severe CHD in offspring of mothers with any preeclampsia was 1.3 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.1, 1.5], and in pregnancies with early-onset preeclampsia, the RR was 2.8 (95% CI 1.8, 4.4). The association between early-onset preeclampsia and specific types of severe CHD was stronger for atrioventricular septal defects (AVSD), with adjusted RR 13.5 (95% CI 6.8, 26.8). CONCLUSIONS: Early-onset preeclampsia was strongly associated with infant risk of severe CHD, specifically; the risk of AVSD was 15-fold higher if the mother was diagnosed with early-onset preeclampsia, suggesting common aetiological factors for early-onset preeclampsia and erroneous fetal heart development.
Integrating polygenic risk scores in the prediction of type 2 diabetes risk and subtypes in British Pakistanis and Bangladeshis: A population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is highly prevalent in British South Asians, yet they are underrepresented in research. Genes & Health (G&H) is a large, population study of British Pakistanis and Bangladeshis (BPB) comprising genomic and routine health data. We assessed the extent to which genetic risk for T2D is shared between BPB and European populations (EUR). We then investigated whether the integration of a polygenic risk score (PRS) for T2D with an existing risk tool (QDiabetes) could improve prediction of incident disease and the characterisation of disease subtypes. METHODS AND FINDINGS: In this observational cohort study, we assessed whether common genetic loci associated with T2D in EUR individuals were replicated in 22,490 BPB individuals in G&H. We replicated fewer loci in G&H (n = 76/338, 22%) than would be expected given power if all EUR-ascertained loci were transferable (n = 101, 30%; p = 0.001). Of the 27 transferable loci that were powered to interrogate this, only 9 showed evidence of shared causal variants. We constructed a T2D PRS and combined it with a clinical risk instrument (QDiabetes) in a novel, integrated risk tool (IRT) to assess risk of incident diabetes. To assess model performance, we compared categorical net reclassification index (NRI) versus QDiabetes alone. In 13,648 patients free from T2D followed up for 10 years, NRI was 3.2% for IRT versus QDiabetes (95% confidence interval (CI): 2.0% to 4.4%). IRT performed best in reclassification of individuals aged less than 40 years deemed low risk by QDiabetes alone (NRI 5.6%, 95% CI 3.6% to 7.6%), who tended to be free from comorbidities and slim. After adjustment for QDiabetes score, PRS was independently associated with progression to T2D after gestational diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) per SD of PRS 1.23, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.42, p = 0.028). Using cluster analysis of clinical features at diabetes diagnosis, we replicated previously reported disease subgroups, including Mild Age-Related, Mild Obesity-related, and Insulin-Resistant Diabetes, and showed that PRS distribution differs between subgroups (p = 0.002). Integrating PRS in this cluster analysis revealed a Probable Severe Insulin Deficient Diabetes (pSIDD) subgroup, despite the absence of clinical measures of insulin secretion or resistance. We also observed differences in rates of progression to micro- and macrovascular complications between subgroups after adjustment for confounders. Study limitations include the absence of an external replication cohort and the potential biases arising from missing or incorrect routine health data. CONCLUSIONS: Our analysis of the transferability of T2D loci between EUR and BPB indicates the need for larger, multiancestry studies to better characterise the genetic contribution to disease and its varied aetiology. We show that a T2D PRS optimised for this high-risk BPB population has potential clinical application in BPB, improving the identification of T2D risk (especially in the young) on top of an established clinical risk algorithm and aiding identification of subgroups at diagnosis, which may help future efforts to stratify care and treatment of the disease.
[The association of diabetic disease with Friedreich's disease in members of the same family].; Friedreigh's disease is only rarely associated with diabetes mellitus and only few cases are to be found in the literature, especially as regards siblings. Three cases of this association in members of two different families are reported. Two of the patients died from cardiovascular complication; the third case is that of a 32-yr-old woman who was able to complete a pregnancy. The pathogenesis of the association is discussed and a number of theories are put forward. The most generally accepted genetic hypothesis makes it possible to explain under a common metabolic denominator neurological disturbances and those in other systems. The association is not a purely casual event but is perhaps dependent on either two different genes or on a single gene with pleitropic effect. Heart signs are frequent in Friedreich's disease and brief mention is made of these.
Hormonal Biomarkers for Evaluating the Impact of Fetal Growth Restriction on the Development of Chronic Adult Disease.; The hypothesis of fetal origins to adult diseases proposes that metabolic chronic disorders, including cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, and hypertension originate in the developmental plasticity due to intrauterine insults. These processes involve an adaptative response by the fetus to changes in the environmental signals, which can promote the reset of hormones and of the metabolism to establish a "thrifty phenotype". Metabolic alterations during intrauterine growth restriction can modify the fetal programming. The present nonsystematic review intended to summarize historical and current references that indicated that developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) occur as a consequence of altered maternal and fetal metabolic pathways. The purpose is to highlight the potential implications of growth factors and adipokines in "developmental programming", which could interfere in the development by controlling fetal growth patterns. These changes affect the structure and the functional capacity of various organs, including the brain, the kidneys, and the pancreas. These investigations may improve the approach to optimizing antenatal as well as perinatal care aimed to protect newborns against long-term chronic diseases.
Clues in diagnosing congenital heart disease.; A number of practical office and bedside clues to cardiac disease in infants and children have been passed on through the years. They relate to the history, to the inspection and palpation components of the physical examination, and to knowledge of the specific cardiac defects that are likely to be associated with certain clinical syndromes. With the possible exception of coarctation of the aorta, the clues are not diagnostically specific. In many instances, however, they serve to narrow a broad array of diagnostic possibilities to 2 or 3 and, with the aid of other clues and auscultation, they can often be distinguished from one another. When a primary care physician is confronted with a child who has an incidental murmur that is "probably" innocent but could be organic, useful clues favoring an organic murmur are a history of congenital heart disease in a first-degree relative; a history of maternal rubella syndrome, alcohol use, or teratogenic drug use during pregnancy; a history of inappropriate sweating; a history of syncope, chest pain, or squatting; maternal diabetes mellitus; premature birth; birth at a high altitude; cyanosis; abnormal pulsations; recurrent bronchiolitis or pneumonia; chronic unexplained hoarseness; asymmetric facies with crying; and a physical appearance suggestive of a clinical syndrome.
Risk factors and outcomes of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn in neonatal intensive care unit of Al-minya university hospital in egypt.; BACKGROUND: Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) result from the failure of the normal fetal-to-neonatal circulatory transition is associated with substantial infant mortality and morbidity. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the possible risk factors and assess the outcome of these cases. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Prospective study was performed enrolling all full-term and post-term newborn admitted to the NICU from January 2009 to April 2012, All neonates were subjected to complete history and physical examination, laboratory data including a complete blood count, arterial blood gases, blood glucose, serum electrolytes, and blood culture to exclude sepsis. Cases with PPHN had a continuous pulse oximeter, blood pressure and electrocardiography monitoring. Chest X-ray and echocardiogarphy were carried out to verify shunt and exclude structural congenital heart disease. RESULTS: Out of the studied 640 infants, 32 infants (5%) developed PPHN, Meconium aspiration, birth asphyxia, hyaline membrane diseases, neonatal septicemia, post-term birth being large for gestational age, cesarean section, maternal overweight, and diabetes mellitus were associated with an elevated risk for PPHN. All neonates treated with O2, 10 neonates with Mg sulphate, 16 with oral sildenafil and 12 with mechanical ventilation. After 6 months follow-up, 12 (37.54%) improved and followed-up without sequelae, 4 (12.5%) developed some neurodevelopmental impairment, 8 (25%) died, 3 (9.3%) developed chronic lungs diseases, 2 (6.2%) developed hearing defects and another 3 (9.3%) missed follow-up. CONCLUSION: PPHN was found in 5% of the studied population. Meconium aspiration, birth asphyxia, neonatal septicemia, post-term were associated with an elevated risk for PPHN. As this is a unit based study, a comprehensive countrywide survey on PPHN in Egypt is recommended to determine any regional differences in disease incidence.
Nutrition and the early origins of adult disease.; There is now overwhelming evidence that much of our predisposition to adult illness is determined by the time of birth. These diseases appear to result from interactions between our genes, our intrauterine environment and our postnatal lifestyle. Those at greatest risk are individuals in communities making a rapid transition from lives of 'thrift' to a lives of 'plenty'. From a global perspective, such origins of diabetes, coronary heart disease and stroke, should render research in these fields as one of the highest priorities in human health care. Prevention will be enhanced by elucidation of the mechanisms by which the fetus is programmed by the mother for the life she expects it to live. At the present time, there is evidence that fetal nutrition and premature exposure to cortisol are effective intrauterine triggers, but a multitude of alternative pathways require investigation. It is also likely that programming extends across generations, and may involve the embryo and perhaps the oocyte. An oocyte that becomes an adult human develops in the uterus of its grandmother, so further research is required to describe the role of environments of grandmothers and mothers in predisposing offspring to health or illness in adult life.
Association between participation in the Northern Finland Birth Cohorts and cardiometabolic disorders.; BACKGROUND: We studied the association between participation in the longitudinal follow-up study and cardiometabolic disorders in two longitudinal studies which started prospectively in the antenatal period: the Northern Finland Cohort 1966 (NFBC1966) and the Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 (NFBC1986). Both birth cohorts have been followed up since birth with multiple follow-ups including questionnaires, and clinical examinations. METHODS: The NFBC studies were compared to comparison cohorts of individuals who were born in the same area as the study cohorts, but in different years. The data for the comparison cohort were obtained from registers. The cumulative incidence rates of hospital-treated cardiometabolic disorders were calculated for study and comparison cohorts covering the age of 7-50 years in NFBC1966 and the age of 0-29 years in NFBC1986. Cardiometabolic-related causes of death were analysed in NFBC1966 and the comparison cohort from the age of 0-50 years. The analysed cardiometabolic disorders were diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, hyperlipidaemia, obesity, hypertension, and cerebrovascular disorders. The risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) was calculated by sex. RESULTS: In NFBC1966, no differences in cumulative incidences of cardiometabolic disorders or cardiometabolic-related deaths compared to the comparison cohort were found. Male members of NFBC1986 had decreased risk of obesity (RR: 0.45, 95% CI: 0.27-0.75) and any cardiometabolic disorders (RR: 0.75, 95% CI: 0.59-0.95) compared to the comparison cohort. CONCLUSIONS: The results suggest that participation in the NFBC1986 may have a weak positive health effect among men. Agreement to follow-up studies focusing on diet, substance use, and physical activity, may slightly decrease the incident risk of cardiometabolic disorders in the study population.KEY MESSAGESEven mild interventions, such as follow-up studies in the prospective follow-up studies, might affect participants' behaviour and consequently the incidence of cardiometabolic disordersThe fact that follow-up itself might affect the study population in terms of risk factors, has to be taken into account when estimating the representativeness of the followed population.
Screening for glucose intolerance in polycystic ovary syndrome: hemoglobin A1C, fasting blood glucose or oral glucose tolerance test?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a chronic condition with many reproductive, metabolic and psychological manifestations. Insulin resistance puts women with PCOS at an increased risk for developing impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and diabetes (T2D). An oral glucose tolerance test is the preferred IGT/T2D screening test, since it is most sensitive for detecting early glucose abnormalities. The goals in detecting IGT in these women are to avoid progression to T2D, modify cardiovascular risk and prevent gestational diabetes. Periodic IGT/T2D rescreening is necessary, given their propensity for more rapid deterioration in glucose tolerance. Lifestyle intervention is first-line therapy for PCOS women with IGT. Metformin is an option if lifestyle intervention fails to have an impact, while bariatric surgery is reserved for a select set of morbidly obese patients.
Long-term health effects in adults born during the Holocaust.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies suggest that exposure to starvation and stress between conception and early infancy may have deleterious effects on health later in life; this phenomenon is termed fetal origin of adult disease. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether exposure to the Holocaust from preconception to early infancy is a cause of chronic morbidity in adulthood. METHODS: This pilot study involved 70 European Jews born in countries under Nazi rule (exposed group) during the period 1940-1945 who were interviewed to determine the presence of chronic diseases. A control group of 230 Israeli-born individuals of the same descent, age, and gender distribution were extracted from the Israel National Health Interview Survey-2 (unexposed group). The prevalence of selected risk factors and chronic diseases was compared between the groups. RESULTS: The prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and morbidity was significantly higher in the exposed group: body mass index (BMI) (29.06 +/- 3.2 vs. 26.97 +/- 4.42, P = 0.015), hypertension (62.9% vs. 43%, P = 0.003), dyslipidemia (72.9% vs. 46.1%, P < 0.001), diabetes (32.9% vs. 17.4%, P = 0.006), angina pectoris (18.6% vs. 4.8%, P = 0.001) and congestive heart failure (8.6% vs. 1.7%, P = 0.013). The prevalence of cancer (30.0% vs. 8.7% P < 0.001), peptic ulcer disease (21.4% vs. 7%, P = 0.001), headaches/migraines (24.3% vs. 12.6%, P < 0.001) and anxiety/depression (50.0% vs. 8.3%, P < 0.001) was also higher in the exposed group. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that exposure to Holocaust conditions in early life may be associated with a higher prevalence of obesity, dyslipidemia, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular morbidity, malignancy and peptic diseases in adulthood. These findings set the stage for further research, which might define those exposed as a high risk group for chronic morbidity.
The Role of Vitamin D in Fertility and during Pregnancy and Lactation: A Review of Clinical Data.; Vitamin D deficiency is common and there exists a huge gap between recommended dietary vitamin D intakes and the poor vitamin D supply in the general population. While vitamin D is important for musculoskeletal health, there are accumulating data suggesting that vitamin D may also be important for fertility, pregnancy outcomes and lactation. Significant changes in vitamin D metabolism during pregnancy such as increased production of the "active vitamin D hormone" calcitriol support the important role of vitamin D in this setting. Observational studies show that vitamin D deficiency is a risk marker for reduced fertility and various adverse pregnancy outcomes and is associated with a low vitamin D content of breast milk. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) document that physiological vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy is safe and improves vitamin D and calcium status, thereby protecting skeletal health. Although certain RCTs and/or meta-analyses reported some other beneficial effects, it is still not clear whether vitamin D supplementation improves fertility or decreases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes such as low birth weight, pre-eclampsia and neonatal mortality, or reduces wheeze/asthma in the infants. Nevertheless, vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women is frequently required to achieve a sufficient vitamin D status as recommended by nutritional vitamin D guidelines. In this review, we provide an overview of systematic reviews, meta-analyses and large trials reporting clinical data on the role of vitamin D for fertility, pregnancy and lactation.
Impact of maternal diabetes and obesity on fetal cardiac functions.; BACKGROUND: In several developing industrial countries, the incidence of obesity among populations is spreading quickly and dramatically; also, the frequency of maternal obesity is in continuous elevation, which represents a considerable public health problem. Maternal hyperglycemia is a common gestational risk factor for the fetus. Several studies proposed that maternal DM and obesity lead to intrauterine impacts which induce changes in the fetal myocardium, and the pre-pregnancy obesity and diabetes are accompanied with development of cardiovascular alterations in the offspring and subsequent pathological changes in their early life. The aim of this study is to assess the cardiac function in fetuses of obese pregnant women (FOW) and fetuses of diabetic women (FDW) in comparison with fetuses of normal pregnant women (FNW) using tissue Doppler imaging. RESULTS: There was impairment in systolic and diastolic cardiac function in both fetuses of obese and diabetic women with decreased global longitudinal strain tissue Doppler velocities at 30 weeks of gestation compared to fetuses of normal women. CONCLUSION: Imaging of the fetus of pregnant women by Echo Doppler at about 30 weeks of gestations showed a reduced cardiac function of fetuses of obese and diabetic women matched with fetuses of normal BMI women. Our finding proposed that early subclinical alterations in the fetal cardiac output can arise from maternal obesity alone. This explains the predilection of children of obese mothers at advanced ages to cardiovascular disorder.
Obstetric outcome of 6346 pregnancies with infants affected by congenital heart defects.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether pregnancies with infants affected by congenital heart defects are associated with adverse obstetric and perinatal outcome. STUDY DESIGN: In a prospective population-based cohort study from Sweden (1992-2001), 6346 singleton pregnancies with infants affected by congenital heart defects were, after suitable adjustments, compared to all delivered women. RESULTS: The prevalence of cardiovascular defects was 9.1 per 1000 births. Among them, mothers of 6346 infants (71%) had information on maternal smoking habits and maternal height and weight in early pregnancy that enabled the calculation of BMI. All cases with known chromosomal abnormalities and/or maternal pre-existing diabetes were excluded. Eighty-four percent (n=5338) had an isolated cardiovascular defect. Severe types occurred in 21.7% (n=1378). In the group of pregnancies with infants affected by congenital heart defects as compared to all delivered women, there was an increased risk of the following outcomes (adjusted OR (95%CI)): pre-eclampsia (1.21 (1.06-1.37)), cesarean section (1.91 (1.79-2.03)), instrumental delivery (1.21 (1.10-1.34)), pre-term delivery (2.58 (2.39-2.79)), small-for gestational age (1.96 (1.77-2.16)), meconium aspiration (1.51 (1.28-1.77)), and fetal distress (1.38 (1.17-1.63)). CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies with infants affected by congenital heart defects are associated with several obstetric and neonatal complications.
In utero origins of adult insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction.; The metabolic syndrome (or syndrome X) is a constellation of risk factors including insulin resistance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and central obesity that predispose to the development of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in adult life. Insulin resistance is believed to be a critical pathophysiological event early in the disease process, impacting both skeletal muscle metabolic function and vascular responses. Adverse changes in insulin sensitivity have been found to originate in utero; for instance, prenatal events such as placental insufficiency/oxidative stress leading to altered fetal growth trajectories are associated with increased rates of metabolic syndrome in adult life. Such intrauterine insults result in reduced skeletal muscle mass in conjunction with altered insulin signaling, decreased oxidative fibers, and impaired mitochondrial function. These developmental disturbances set the stage for development of muscle triglyceride accumulation and depressed insulin sensitivity in childhood. Abnormalities of vascular structure and function arising from deprived intrauterine conditions that are exacerbated by insulin resistance account for the progression of hypertension from childhood to adulthood. Arterial changes initiated in utero include reduced endothelial nitric oxide (NO) bioavailability, vascular smooth muscle cell proliferation and inflammation, events leading to endothelial dysfunction, and atherosclerosis that are present in those destined for metabolic syndrome. In addition, the hypertensive phenotype that is a hallmark of metabolic syndrome may also be traced to blunted kidney development and renin-angiotensin system activation in growth-restricted offspring. The summative impact of these intrauterine programmed changes in terms of influencing adult health and disease encompasses dietary and lifestyle factors introduced postnatally. Establishing novel therapeutic interventions aimed at preventing and/or reducing in utero-induced insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction warrants investigation because the numbers of low birthweight babies continue to increase.
Telomeres and telomerase in the fetal origins of cardiovascular disease: a review.; Telomeres are noncoding functional DNA repeat sequences at the ends of chromosomes that decrease in length by a predictable amount at each cell division. When the telomeres become critically short, the cell is no longer able to replicate and enters cellular senescence. Recent work has shown that within individuals, telomere length tracks with cardiovascular health and aging and is also affected by growth variation, both prenatally and postnatally. Therefore telomere length can be a marker of both growth history (cell division) and tissue function (senescence). Relationships between early growth and later health have emerged as a research focus in the epidemiology of chronic diseases of aging, such as heart disease and diabetes. The "fetal origins" literature has demonstrated that hormonal and nutritional aspects of the intrauterine environment not only affect fetal growth but also can permanently alter the metabolic program of the individual. Smaller infants tend to have a higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Much less attention has been paid to possible genetic links between the processes of early growth and later disease. Our aim in this review is to summarize evidence for one such genetic mechanism, telomere attrition, that may underlie the fetal origins of cardiovascular disease and to discuss this mechanism in light of the evolution of senescence.
Hypertension - a contemporary approach to nursing care.; The incidence of hypertension is increasing as the number of patients with obesity and diabetes mellitus increases. Hypertension results when the peripheral vascular resistance is increased, the blood viscosity is elevated and/or the flow of blood through the main arteries is impeded. Chronic hypertension results in an enlarged heart, myocardial damage and lung and renal abnormalities. While some causative factors, such as obesity, can be controlled, others, for example genetics, are more difficult to treat because often there is more than one factor involved. This article explores how essential and secondary factors contribute to the incidence of hypertension and the physiological changes resulting from raised blood pressure. It proposes that although traditional treatment has some success, nurse-led clinics are having better success not only in controlling raised blood pressure but also in reducing cardiac, pulmonary and renal morbidity. Nurse-led clinics are more cost-effective, staff are more productive and clients are more compliant with treatment.
Potential role for plasma placental growth factor in predicting coronary heart disease risk in women.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine placental growth factor's (PlGF) predictive value in relation to coronary heart disease (CHD) risk in healthy women. METHODS AND RESULTS: Among 32 826 women from the Nurses' Health Study who provided blood samples at baseline, 453 CHD events were documented during 14 years of follow-up. Controls were matched to cases (2:1) for age, smoking, fasting status, and date of blood sampling. PlGF was inversely correlated with HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C), and positively correlated with several coronary risk factors. In multivariate models, women in the highest versus lowest quintile of PlGF had a greater risk of CHD (RR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.03 to 2.41). Additional adjustment for many coronary risk factors did not substantively alter this relationship, but HDL-C attenuated the association (RR: 1.25; 95% CI: 0.81 to 1.94). In exploratory time to event analysis, higher PlGF levels, measured >10 years before CHD event, but not <10 years preclinical event, were associated with increased risk of CHD, even after adjustment for comorbid conditions and HDL-C levels (RR: 2.79; 95% CI: 1.19 to 6.56). CONCLUSIONS: Elevated prediagnostic PlGF levels were modestly associated with subsequent risk of CHD events and results were attenuated after controlling for HDL-C. PlGF may be most strongly associated with long-term prediction of CHD, consistent with a potential role in early plaque formation and growth.
The course of diabetes in children, adolescents and young adults: does the autoimmunity status matter?; BACKGROUND: Initial classification of diabetes of young may require revision to improve diagnostic accuracy of different forms of diabetes. The aim of our study was to examine markers of beta-cell autoimmunity in a cohort of young (0-25 years) patients with type 1 diabetes and compare the presentation and course of the disease according to the presence of pancreatic antibodies. METHODS: Cross-sectional population-based study was performed covering 100% of pediatric (n = 860) and 70% of 18-25 years old adult patients (n = 349) with type 1 diabetes in Lithuania. RESULTS: No antibodies (GAD65, IA-2, IAA and ICA) were found in 87 (7.5%) cases. Familial history of diabetes was more frequent in those with antibodies-negative diabetes (24.1 vs. 9.4%, p < 0.001). Gestational age, birth weight and age at diagnosis was similar in both groups. Ketosis at presentation was more frequent in patients with autoimmune diabetes (88.1 vs. 73.5%, p < 0.05). HbA1c at the moment of investigation was 8.6 (3) vs. 8.7 (2.2)% in antibodies-negative and antibodies-positive diabetes groups, respectively, p > 0.05. In the whole cohort, neuropathy was found in 8.8% and nephropathy - in 8.1% of cases, not depending on autoimmunity status. Adjusted for age at onset, disease duration and HbA1c, retinopathy was more frequent in antibodies-negative subjects (13.8 vs. 7.8%, p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Antibodies-negative pediatric and young adult patients with type 1 diabetes in this study had higher incidence of family history of diabetes, higher frequency of retinopathy, less frequent ketosis at presentation, but similar age at onset, HbA1c, incidence of nephropathy and neuropathy compared to antibodies-positive patients.
Correlates of placental abruption.; All cases (884) of placental abruption reported on Washington State birth or fetal death certificates in 1980 and 1981 were compared with 789 randomly selected births from the same time period. The incidence of reported cases of placental abruption was 6.5 per 1000 total births. The combined stillbirth and first month death rate of all abruption cases was 21%. Increased risks of placental abruption were associated with pre-eclampsia, diabetes, and unmarried status. Neither parity nor maternal age was associated with an increased risk. Infants born after abruption were significantly smaller-for-gestation than control infants, more likely to be male, and had malformations more frequently than control infants. Apgar scores of liveborn abruption infants were significantly lower than those of controls after adjustment for infant weight, gestational age, and sex.
Sacrococcygeal teratoma: prenatal assessment, fetal intervention, and outcome.; PURPOSE: To understand the natural history and define indications for fetal intervention in sacrococcygeal teratoma (SCT), the authors reviewed all cases of fetal SCT presenting for evaluation. METHODS: Prenatal diagnostic studies including ultrasound scan, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), echocardiography and pre- and postnatal outcomes were reviewed in 30 cases of SCT that presented between September 1995 and January 2003. RESULTS: The mean gestational age (GA) at presentation was 23.9 weeks (range, 19 to 38.5) with 3 sets of twins (10%). Overall outcomes included 4 terminations, 5 fetal demises, 7 neonatal deaths, and 14 survivors. Significant obstetric complications occurred in 81% of the 26 continuing pregnancies: polyhydramnios (n = 7), oligohydramnios (n = 4), preterm labor (n = 13), preeclampsia (n = 4), gestational diabetes (n = 1), HELLP syndrome (n = 1), and hyperemesis (n = 1). Fetal intervention included cyst aspiration (n = 6), amnioreduction (n = 3), amnioinfusion (n = 1), and open fetal surgical resection (n = 4). Indications for cyst aspiration and amnioreduction were maternal discomfort, preterm labor, and prevention of tumor rupture at delivery. Although 15 SCTs were solid causing risk for cardiac failure, only 4 fetuses met criteria for fetal debulking based on ultrasonographic and echocardiographic evidence of impending high output failure and favorable anatomy at 21, 23.6, 25, and 26 weeks' gestation. Intraoperative events included maternal blood transfusion (n = 1), fetal blood transfusion (n = 2), chorioamniotic membrane separation (n = 2), and fetal arrest requiring successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) (n = 1). In the fetal resection group, 3 of 4 survived with mean GA at delivery of 29 weeks (range, 27.6 to 31.7 weeks), mean birth weight of 1.3 kg, hospital stay ranging from 16 to 34 weeks, and follow-up ranging from 20 months to 6 years. Postnatal complications in the fetal surgery group included neonatal death (n = 1, secondary to premature closure of ductus arteriosus with cardiac failure), embolic event (n = 1, resulting in unilateral renal agenesis, jejunal atresia), chronic lung disease (n = 1), and tumor recurrence (n = 1). CONCLUSIONS: For fetal SCT, the rapidity at which cardiac compromise can develop and the high incidence of obstetric complications warrant close prenatal surveillance. Amnioreduction, cyst aspiration, and surgical debulking are potentially life-saving interventions.
Hypospadias and early gestation growth restriction in infants.; OBJECTIVE: There has been a major increase in the incidence of hypospadias in infants in the 1990s, but the risk factors are not known. Although there are scattered reports in the literature regarding the association of low birth weight and hypospadias, this has not been systematically studied. The objective of this study was to determine the association between early gestation intrauterine growth and hypospadias. METHODS: A retrospective review of 13 years of admissions to 2 tertiary care neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) in Connecticut (1987--2000) showed that 112 (1.66%) of 6746 male infants had any degree of hypospadias. Of these, 8 were part of a genetic syndrome and were excluded. A retrospective cohort analysis of these 6738 infants was performed. Infant growth parameters at birth (weight, head circumference, and length) were analyzed along with maternal risk factors known to be associated with changes in fetal growth, including maternal age, race, diagnosis of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and maternal use of alcohol or tobacco or substance abuse during pregnancy. RESULTS: The incidence of hypospadias in the NICU population increased 10-fold from 0.4% in 1987 to 4% in the first quarter of 2000. Hypospadias was significantly more common in infants who had uniformly poor intrauterine growth (<10th percentiles) in the various parameters measured: birth weight, length, or head circumference. There were no significant differences in maternal age or race, nor were there differences in the use of alcohol, tobacco, or street drugs by the mother. There were no differences between singletons and multiple-gestation births. However, the frequency of occurrence was significantly higher among first-born infants (1.9%) compared with all other infants (0.9%). CONCLUSIONS: The incidence of hypospadias in our NICU population has increased 10-fold during the 13-year period of study. There was a significant association of hypospadias with poor intrauterine growth. The growth restriction was probably of early gestational cause as there was proportionate involvement of somatic (weight and length) and brain growth (head circumference). The increasing frequency of hypospadias and its association with poor intrauterine growth originating in early gestation suggests that common environmental factor(s) that have an impact on both conditions may be involved.
Microcephalic Osteodysplastic Primordial Dwarfism Type II.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type II (MOPDII), the most common form of microcephalic primordial dwarfism, is characterized by extreme short stature and microcephaly along with distinctive facial features. Associated features that differentiate it from other forms of primordial dwarfism and that may necessitate treatment include: abnormal dentition, a slender bone skeletal dysplasia with hip deformity and/or scoliosis, insulin resistance / diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, cardiac malformations, and global vascular disease. The latter includes neurovascular disease such as moyamoya vasculopathy and intracranial aneurysms (which can lead to strokes), coronary artery disease (which can lead to premature myocardial infarctions), and renal vascular disease. Hypertension, which is also common, can have multiple underlying causes given the complex comorbidities. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The diagnosis of MOPDII is established in a proband with suggestive findings and biallelic loss-of-function pathogenic variants in PCNT identified by molecular genetic testing. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: Relies on symptomatic care from multidisciplinary specialists in pediatrics, orthopedics, dentistry, neurosurgery, cardiology, nephrology, endocrinology, and medical genetics, and from educators when learning difficulties are an issue. Surveillance: Routine follow up of growth and development as well as monitoring of any known or potential complications regarding hip or spine deformity, dental abnormalities, cerebrovascular disease, coronary artery disease, hypertension and/or renal disease, diabetes mellitus, and/or educational issues. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Growth hormone supplementation in the absence of growth hormone deficiency; excessive nutritional supplementation in infancy. GENETIC COUNSELING: MOPDII is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. If both parents are known to be heterozygous for a PCNT pathogenic variant, each sib of an affected individual has at conception a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of being unaffected and not a carrier. Once the PCNT pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member, carrier testing for at-risk relatives, prenatal testing for a pregnancy at increased risk, and preimplantation genetic testing are possible.
Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in a Pakistani Cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the demographics, risk factors, and clinical presentation in Pakistani patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy. STUDY DESIGN: A descriptive observational study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Rawalpindi Institute of Cardiology, Rawalpindi, from June 2014 to June 2015. METHODOLOGY: Seventy patients meeting criteria of peripartum cardiomyopathy were included in the study. Adetailed history, physical examination and investigations were done. Epidemiologic data, risk factors, New York Heart Association (NYHA) class and echocardiographic findings were recorded. Statistical analyses were done using SPSS version 19. RESULTS: The mean age was 28.66 ±4.57 years. Mean parity and weight was 3.04 ±1.7 and 60.97 ±12.40 Kg, respectively. Fifty-five (78.6%) cases were diagnosed in the postpartum period. Thirty-three (50.8%) and 31 patients (44.7%) presented in NYHA- III and IV classes, respectively. Pregnancy-induced hypertension was seen in 16 (22.9%) cases, diabetes in 6 (8.6%), and twin pregnancy in 2 (2.9%) cases. The mean hemoglobin and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) was 11.26 ±1.61 gm/dl and 1583.70 ±1237.65 pg/ml, respectively. Echocardiography showed mean ejection fraction of 21.74 ±7.45%. Left ventricle systolic and diastolic diameters were 53.71 ±9.74 mm and 63.37 ±8.48 mm, respectively. CONCLUSION: Peripartum cardiomyopathy was seen in younger women with higher parity and pregnancy induced hypertension, often manifesting in the postpartum period with NHYAclass III and IV status.
The Ongoing Relationship Between Offspring Congenital Heart Disease and Preeclampsia Across Pregnancies.; BACKGROUND: Prior literature has described an association between preeclampsia and offspring congenital heart disease (CHD), while suggesting there may be a stronger relationship in individuals with early preeclampsia. OBJECTIVES: The authors sought to explore the relationship between offspring CHD and preeclampsia among pregnancies in a population-based study. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study all singleton pregnancies delivered in the state of California 2000 to 2012. We included singleton births with gestational ages of 23 to 42 weeks and excluded pregnancies complicated by pre-existing diabetes or identified fetal chromosomal anomalies. We used multivariable logistic regression to estimate ORs for associations between offspring CHD and preeclampsia. Further subanalyses examined the relationships in deliveries <34 weeks and >34 weeks to analyze if there was a difference according to timing of preeclampsia development. RESULTS: Preeclampsia was strongly associated with offspring CHD (aOR: 1.38; 99% CI: 1.29-1.49) in the same pregnancy. Among patients with preeclampsia in the index pregnancy, there was an increased risk of fetal CHD in the subsequent pregnancy (aOR: 1.39; 99% CI: 1.20-1.61). Among patients with offspring CHD in the index pregnancy, there was an increased risk of preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy (aOR: 1.39; 99% CI: 1.15-1.68). In all 3 analyses, results remained significant when stratified by <34 weeks and ≥34 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest a need for further investigation into the etiology of preeclampsia and its relationship to embryologic development of cardiovascular structures.
Importance of frame rate for the measurement of strain and synchrony in fetuses using speckle tracking echocardiography.; OBJECTIVES: To assess the influence of frame rate settings on longitudinal strain (LS) and mechanical synchrony (SYN) values in Speckle Tracking Echocardiography (STE) of healthy fetuses. METHODS: In this prospective study, we collected transversal or apical four-chamber-views of 121 healthy fetuses between 20 and 38 weeks of gestation using three different frame rate (FR) settings (≥ 110, 100 ± 10, 60 ± 10 frames per second). We assessed the segmental and the global LS of both ventricles (2C) and of the left ventricle (LV) offline with QLab 10.8 (Philips Medical Systems, Andover, MA, USA). Inter- and intraventricular SYN were calculated as time difference in peak myocardial strain between the mid-segments of left and right ventricle (interventricular, 2C_Syn) and lateral wall and septum of the left ventricle (intraventricular, LV_Syn), respectively. RESULTS: In 84.3% STE was feasible at all three FR settings. The LS increased in both views at higher FRs to a statistically noticeable extent. SYN measurements and the absolute differences at patient level between the FR settings showed no statistically noticeable alterations. CONCLUSIONS: STE is feasible at low and high FR settings. SYN emerges to be a robust parameter for fetal STE as it is less affected by the FR. High FRs enable high temporal resolutions and thus an accurate examination of fetal hearts. Future research for the technical implementation of tailored fetal STE software is necessary for reliable clinical application.
Maternal periconceptional nutrition matters. A scoping review of the current literature.; BACKGROUND: The importance of nutrition in reproductive health is widely acknowledged with special emphasis given to periconceptional maternal diet and its implications on embryo-fetal development, pregnancy complications, and the health of the offspring. METHODS: Following the PRISMA guidelines, we searched for literature in PubMed, CINAHL, and WoS to gather newer information on how diet composition influences the concepts from the very early stages of pregnancy and how maternal health may be affected as well. Fifty-six studies published up to June 2020 met the inclusion criteria. RESULTS: With its proportioned and diversified macronutrient composition, the Mediterranean Diet prevents congenital anomalies, preterm birth, hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes. Similar dietary patterns rich in vegetables, nuts, fish, and cereals increase the likelihood of conception and have a protective action, mediated by their antioxidant properties, against orofacial clefts, congenital heart and limb defects in the progeny. Conversely, the pro-inflammatory features of western diets, rich in processed foods and low in fruit content, diminish fertility, increase miscarriage rates, and enhance the risk of neural tube defects regardless of folate supplementation. CONCLUSIONS: It may be concluded that within the multiple dietary options, some of them are soundly associated with beneficial effects for the mother and the newborn.Implications for practiceAn appropriate counseling must be offered to the woman of fertile age to make her aware of how periconceptional nutrition may help fulfill her reproductive expectations.
Hypertensive pregnancy disorders increase the risk of maternal cardiovascular disease after adjustment for cardiovascular risk factors.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Hypertensive pregnancy disorders are associated with subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the extent to which this association is explained by shared risk factors is unknown. We aimed to evaluate whether hypertensive pregnancy disorder in first pregnancy is associated with increased subsequent risk of maternal CVD after adjustment for established CVD risk factors measured after pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 20,075 women with a first delivery registered in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (1980-2003) participated in Cohort of Norway (CONOR) health surveys a mean (standard deviation) of 10.7 (5.5) years after delivery. They were then followed (median 11.4 years) for an incident fatal or non-fatal CVD event through linkage to the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway (CVDNOR) database and the Norwegian Cause of Death Registry. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders were associated with an increased risk of CVD [Hazard ratio (HR) 2.3; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.9-2.8], which remained significant after adjustment for established CVD risk factors including body mass index, smoking, hypertension, diabetes, serum glucose and lipid levels (HR 1.5; 95% CI 1.2-1.8). The population attributable fraction of CVD due to hypertensive pregnancy disorder was 4.3% (95% CI 1.9-6.6) after multivariable adjustment. CONCLUSION: The association between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and CVD risk was mediated in part by related CVD risk factors measured 10 years following delivery. These results underline the importance of post-pregnancy follow-up of women with hypertensive pregnancy disorders focusing on modifiable, lifestyle related risk factors to prevent future CVD.
Associations between diet quality, blood pressure, and glucose levels among pregnant women in the Asian megacity of Jakarta.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of gestational hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy is increasing worldwide. Diet is a modifiable factor that may influence these conditions, but few studies have examined the association between diet quality and blood pressure and glucose profiles among pregnant women. Data are especially scarce for women in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs), where 90% of global pregnancies occur, and in urban settings. We, therefore, assessed these associations among 174 pregnant women in the Asian megacity of Jakarta in a cross-sectional study of the Brain Probiotic and LC-PUFA Intervention for Optimum Early Life (BRAVE) project. METHODS: Trained field-enumerators collected socio-demographic characteristics, measured Mid-Upper Arm Circumference (MUAC), and assessed diet by two 24-hour recalls, which were used to calculate the Alternate Healthy Eating Index for Pregnancy (AHEI-P). Blood pressure was measured by automated sphygmomanometer, and fasting blood glucose by capillary glucometer. General linear models were used to identify associations. RESULTS: The median AHEI-P score was 47.4 (IQR 19.1-76.6). The middle tertile of the AHEI-P score (39.59-56.58) was associated with a 0.4 SD (standardized effect size, 95% CI -0.7 to -0.06; p = 0.02) lower diastolic blood pressure compared with the lowest tertile (<39.59), after adjustment for level of education, smoking status, MUAC, gestational age, history of hypertension, and family history of hypertension. However, no associations were found between the AHEI-P score and systolic blood pressure and blood glucose. CONCLUSION: Higher diet quality was associated with lower diastolic blood pressure among pregnant women in an urban LMIC community, but not with systolic blood pressure and blood glucose. A behavioral change intervention trial would be warranted to confirm the influence of diet quality on blood pressure and glucose levels and among pregnant women, and even before pregnancy.
Public Health Data in Action: An Analysis of Using Louisiana Vital Statistics for Quality Improvement and Payment Reform.; Introduction In 2012, the Louisiana (LA) Department of Health and Hospitals revised the LA birth certificate to include medical reasons for births before 39 completed weeks' gestation. We compared the completeness and validity of these data with hospital discharge records. Methods For births occurring 4/1/2012-9/30/2012 at Woman's Hospital of Baton Rouge, we linked maternal delivery and newborn birth data collected through the National Perinatal Information Center with LA birth certificates. Among early term births (37-38 completed weeks' gestation), we quantified the reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate and compared them with ICD-9-CM codes from Woman's discharge data. Results Among 4353 birth certificates indicating delivery at Woman's Hospital, we matched 99.8% to corresponding Woman's administrative data. Among 1293 early term singleton births, the most common reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate were spontaneous active labor (57.5%), gestational hypertensive disorders (15.3%), gestational diabetes (8.7%), and premature rupture of membranes (8.1%). Only 2.7% of births indicated "other reason" as the only reason for early delivery. Most reasons for early delivery had >80% correspondence with ICD-9-CM codes. Lower correspondence (35 and 72%, respectively) was observed for premature rupture of membranes and abnormal heart rate or fetal distress. Discussion There was near-perfect ability to match LA birth certificates with Woman's Hospital records, and the agreement between reasons for early delivery on the birth certificate and ICD-9-CM codes was high. A benchmark of 2.7% can be used as an attainable frequency of "other reason" for early delivery reported by hospitals. Louisiana implemented an effective mechanism to identify and explain early deliveries using vital records.
Sickle cell disease and pregnancy: analysis of 34 patients followed at the Regional Blood Center of Ribeirão Preto, Brazil.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to verify the evolution of pregnancies in sickle cell patients followed at one institution over a period of 12 years (January 2000 to June 2012). METHODS: The study evaluated 34 pregnant women with sickle cell disease with a mean age of 23.9±5.3 years. The incidence of obstetric complications, non-obstetric complications linked to sickle cell disease and complications in the newborn were analyzed. RESULTS: A total of 26% of the cases reported previous miscarriages, 20% had preterm labor, 10% had pre-eclampsia, and 5% had gestational diabetes. Forty-one percent of the deliveries were cesarean sections and 29% of patients required blood transfusions. In respect to sickle cell disease, 62% of patients had vaso-occlusive crises, 29% had acute chest syndrome, 23% had urinary tract infection, 15% had impaired cardiac function and 6% developed pulmonary hypertension. Only one patient died in the postnatal period due to acute chest syndrome. The mean gestational age was 37.8±2.63 weeks, and mean newborn weight was 2.809±643.8g. There were seven fetal losses, including three stillbirths and four miscarriages. The impact of transfusion therapy on the incidence of maternal-fetal complications during pregnancy was evaluated. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy in sickle cell patients is still associated with complications. Although no statistical difference was observed between transfused and non-transfused women, there were no deaths (fetal or maternal) in transfused patients whereas one maternal death and three stillbirths occurred in non-transfused women. A larger study of sickle cell pregnant women will be necessary to elucidate the actual role of transfusion during pregnancy in sickle cell disease.
Metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 6.6-6.8% of women in reproductive age. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia play a critical role in the pathogenesis of PCOS and are associated with a high risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiometabolic abnormalities. Metformin has been introduced as a therapeutic option in PCOS, targeting of cardiometabolic and reproductive abnormalities on the basis of its action on the reduction of glucose levels and the attenuation of insulin resistance. The tissue-specific actions of metformin as well as the molecular mechanisms involved in the liver, the muscle, the endothelium, and the ovary are elucidated in this review. The use of metformin in pregnant women with PCOS is another of its positive features. Overall, available data supports the therapeutic usefulness of metformin on cardiometabolic risk and reproduction assistance in PCOS women.
Calcium channel blocker, nimodipine, for the treatment of bipolar disorder during pregnancy.; Bipolar disorder in pregnancy was treated with nimodipine, because of lithium-induced nephrogenic diabetes insipidus. A 33-year-old primigravida woman at approximately 22 weeks 6 days of gestation had increasing blood pressure since 16 weeks of gestation, despite methyldopa 500 mg twice daily. She also had hypothyroidism and bipolar disorder, which were treated with levothyroxine and lithium carbonate, respectively. Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus developed, presumably because of chronic lithium exposure in high doses. She did not tolerate carbamazepine (the other agent commonly used for bipolar disorder in pregnancy). Thus, nimodipine was tried and tolerated well; furthermore, it was very effective in controlling her bipolar disorder. Nimodipine successfully controlled the bipolar disorder of a woman during pregnancy, who was intolerant of more commonly used agents.
[Medical high-risk patient in the dental practice].; Cardiovaskular and pulmonary diseases, terminal renal failure, hepatitis B and C as well as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome, hemorrhagic diatheses, diabetes mellitus and hyperthyreosis are the major systemic diseases related to the practice of dentistry and require a modified treatment plan. Dental treatment during pregnancy may involve a risk for the woman and the fetus. The article outlines the most important aspects of interdisciplinary care for medial high-risk patients in the dental practice, refers to further readings and emphasizes the necessity of active continued education in the field of general medicine and specific emergency care.
Microalbuminuria among Newly Diagnosed Diabetic Patients at Mulago National Referral Hospital in Uganda: A Cross Sectional Study.; BACKGROUND: Microalbuminuria is an early marker of nephropathy, cardiovascular diseases and severe ocular morbidity in adults with diabetes mellitus. This subclinical condition is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Microalbuminuria precedes the development of overt diabetic nephropathy by 10-14 years. At this stage, one can reverse diabetic nephropathy or prevent its progression. Unfortunately, tests to detect microalbuminuria in diabetics are not routinely done in Uganda. This study sought to determine the prevalence and factors associated with microalbuminuria among newly diagnosed diabetic patients in the National Referral Hospital in Uganda. METHODS: In this cross-sectional study conducted between June 2014 and January 2015, we recruited 175 newly diagnosed adult diabetic patients. Information on patients' socio-demographics, biophysical profile, blood pressure measurement, biochemical testing and echocardiographic findings was obtained for all the participants using a pre-tested questionnaire. Microalbuminuria was defined as Albumin to Creatinine Ratio (ACR) between 30 and 299 mg/g. Bivariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to investigate the association of several factors with microalbuminuria. RESULTS: Of the 175 patients recruited, males were 90 (51.4%) and the mean age was 46 ± 15 years. Majority of patients had type 2 DM 140 (80.0%) and the rest had type 1 DM 35 (20.0%). The mean HbA1C was 13.9 ± 5.3%. Mean duration of diabetes was 2 months. Prevalence of microalbuminuria was 47.4% (95% CI: 40.0%-54.9%) among all the patients that were assessed in the study. The independent factor associated with microalbuminuria was pregnancy (OR7.74[95% CI: 1.01-76.47] P = 0.050) while mild and moderate physical activity at work were inversely associated with microalbuminuria respectively (OR0.08[95% CI: 0.01-0.95] P = 0.046) and (OR0.07[95% CI: 0.01-0.77] P = 0.030). CONCLUSIONS: Prevalence of microalbuminuria was high in this patient population of newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus. Pregnancy was positively associated with significant microalbuminuria while physical activity at work was inversely associated with microalbuminuria. Early detection and management of microalbuminuria in asymptomatic individuals may help in preventing deterioration in renal function and development of overt diabetic nephropathy and progression to ESRD.
Contributions of the Nurses' Health Studies to Reproductive Health Research.; OBJECTIVES: To review the Nurses' Health Study's (NHS's) contribution to identifying risk factors and long-term health consequences of reproductive events. METHODS: We performed a narrative review of the NHS I, NHS II, NHS3, and Growing Up Today Study (GUTS) publications between 1976 and 2016. RESULTS: Collection of detailed reproductive history to identify breast cancer risk factors allowed the NHS to document an association between menstrual irregularities, a proxy for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The NHS II found that infertility associated with ovulation problems and gestational diabetes are largely preventable through diet and lifestyle modification. It also identified developmental and nutritional risk factors for pregnancy loss, endometriosis, and uterine leiomyomata. As women in NHS II age, it has become possible to address questions regarding long-term health consequences of pregnancy complications and benign gynecologic conditions on chronic disease risk. Furthermore, the NHS3 and GUTS are allowing new lines of research into human fertility, PCOS, and transgenerational effects of environmental exposures. CONCLUSIONS: The multigenerational resources of the NHSs and GUTS, including linkages of related individuals across cohorts, can improve women's health from preconception through late adulthood and onto the next generation.
Influence of maternal aerobic exercise during pregnancy on fetal cardiac function and outflow.; BACKGROUND: Risk factors for cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of death, have been documented in children as young as 3 years of age. Maternal environment (eg, exercise) influences fetal development and long-term health. Thus, the development of the fetal cardiovascular system during pregnancy is likely a preliminary indicator of cardiac health at birth and a proxy for the future risk of cardiovascular disease throughout life. OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to assess the effects of supervised prenatal aerobic exercise at recommended levels on fetal cardiac function and outflow in the third trimester of pregnancy. We hypothesized that fetuses of aerobically trained women compared with fetuses of nonexercising women would exhibit increased cardiac function and greater cardiac output. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary data analyses of a 20-week, randomized controlled exercise intervention trial in pregnant women between 2015 and 2018 in Eastern North Carolina were performed. Eligibility criteria included pregnant women <16 weeks gestation, singleton pregnancy, aged 18-40 years, body mass index of 18.5-34.99 kg/m(2), physician clearance letter for exercise participation, reliable transportation, and method of communication. Exclusion criteria included the presence of chronic conditions (eg, type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus), current medications known to adversely affect fetal growth (eg, antidepressants), alcohol, smoking, or illicit drug use. The patient cohort consisted of 133 eligible pregnant women who were assigned randomly to either an aerobic exercise (n=66) group that participated in 150 minutes of supervised, moderate-intensity (40-59% VO(2peak); 12-14 on Borg Rating of Perceived Exertion) aerobic exercise per week or a nonexercising group (n=61) that consisted of 150 minutes per week of light (<40% VO(2peak)) stretching and relaxation breathing techniques. Between 34 and 36 weeks gestation, a fetal echocardiogram was performed to assess fetal cardiac function, which included fetal heart rate, right- and left-ventricular stroke volume, stroke volume index, cardiac output, cardiac output index, and cardiac outflow that included pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, peak flow velocity, and peak flow velocity-time integral. Fetal activity state (quiet vs active) during the echocardiogram and maternal aerobic capacity served as covariates. Intention-to-treat and per-protocol (participants who attended ≥80% of exercise sessions) analysis of covariance regression models were performed. RESULTS: Of the 127 randomly assigned participants, 66 and 50 participants were included in the intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses, respectively. Prenatal aerobic exercise significantly increased fetal right-ventricular cardiac measures of right ventricular stroke volume (P=.001) and stroke index via velocity-time integral (P=.003), right ventricular cardiac output (P=.002), cardiac index via velocity-time integral (P=.006), pulmonary artery diameter (P=.02), and pulmonary valve velocity-time integral (P=.03). Only in the intention-to-treat analysis was a significant difference in fetal left ventricular cardiac outflow observed; there was a greater aortic valve peak velocity (P=.04) found among fetuses of aerobically trained pregnant women. No other statistically significant between-group differences were found. CONCLUSION: The findings of this study demonstrate that participation in prenatal aerobic exercise at recommended levels may improve fetal cardiac function and outflow parameters. Follow-up cardiovascular measures in the postnatal period are needed to determine potential long-term effects on the offspring's cardiac function and outflow.
Early maternal age at first birth is associated with chronic diseases and poor physical performance in older age: cross-sectional analysis from the International Mobility in Aging Study.; BACKGROUND: Early maternal age at first birth and elevated parity may have long-term consequences for the health of women as they age. Both are known risk factors for obstetrical complications with lifelong associated morbidities. They may also be related to diabetes and cardiovascular disease development. METHODS: We examine the relationship between early maternal age at first birth, defined as ≤18 years of age, multiparity (>2 births), and poor physical performance (Short Physical Performance Battery≤8) in community samples of women between 65 and 74 years of age from Canada, Albania, Colombia, and Brazil (N=1040). Data were collected in 2012 to provide a baseline assessment for a longitudinal cohort called the International Mobility in Aging Study. We used logistic regression and general linear models to analyse the data. RESULTS: Early maternal age at first birth is significantly associated with diabetes, chronic lung disease, high blood pressure, and poor physical performance in women at older ages. Parity was not independently associated with chronic conditions and physical performance in older age. After adjustment for study site, age, education, childhood economic adversity and lifetime births, women who gave birth at a young age had 1.75 (95% CI: 1.17-2.64) the odds of poor SPPB compared to women who gave birth>18 years of age. Adjustment for chronic diseases attenuated the association between early first birth and physical performance. Results were weaker in Colombia and Brazil, than Canada and Albania. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides evidence that adolescent childbirth may increase the risk of developing chronic diseases and physical limitations in older age. Results likely reflect both the biological and social consequences of early childbearing and if the observed relationship is causal, it reinforces the importance of providing contraception and sex education to young women, as the consequences of early pregnancy may be life-long.
Time-to-pregnancy and risk of cardiovascular disease among men and women.; A few studies indicate that women with prolonged time-to-pregnancy (TTP) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). This has not been studied in men. We evaluated CVD risk by self-reported TTP among parous women (n = 64,064) and men (n = 50,533) participating in the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study. TTP was categorized as 0-3 (reference), 4-12 and > 12 months. CVD diagnosed between 2008 and 2017 were available from the national patient and general practitioner databases. Risk of CVD by TTP was estimated using Cox regression adjusting for baseline age, education, BMI, smoking, diabetes, and number of offspring in both sexes, and history of endometriosis, ovarian cysts, preterm birth and pre-eclampsia for women. Mean age was 33 for women and 35 for men at baseline (years). The rate of any CVD was 24 per 1000 person years among women and 22 per 1000 person years among men. Longer TTP was associated with increased rate of CVD among women, with adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) of 1.07 (95% CI: 1.03, 1.09) for TTP 4-12 months and 1.14 (1.08, 1.20) for TTP > 12 months. Among men, respective HRs for CVD were 1.06 (1.00, 1.10) for TTP 4-12 months and 1.07 (1.01, 1.14) for TTP > 12 months. We observed sex-differences in the relationship with CVD subtypes but none were statistically significant. In conclusion, both men and women with a prolonged TTP had a small increased risk of CVD, clinical significance of which is unclear. Further studies are necessary to investigate in detail what underlying causes of prolonged TTP might be reflected in the increased risk of CVD. Longer follow-up is required to confirm these preliminary findings.
Differences in Pregnancy Metabolic Profiles and Their Determinants between White European and South Asian Women: Findings from the Born in Bradford Cohort.; There is widespread metabolic disruption in women upon becoming pregnant. South Asians (SA) compared to White Europeans (WE) have more fat mass and are more insulin-resistant at a given body mass index (BMI). Whether these are reflected in other gestational metabolomic differences is unclear. Our aim was to compare gestational metabolic profiles and their determinants between WE and SA women. We used data from a United Kingdom (UK) cohort to compare metabolic profiles and associations of maternal age, education, parity, height, BMI, tricep skinfold thickness, gestational diabetes (GD), pre-eclampsia, and gestational hypertension with 156 metabolic measurements in WE (n = 4072) and SA (n = 4702) women. Metabolic profiles, measured in fasting serum taken between 26-28 weeks gestation, were quantified by nuclear magnetic resonance. Distributions of most metabolic measures differed by ethnicity. WE women had higher levels of most lipoprotein subclasses, cholesterol, glycerides and phospholipids, monosaturated fatty acids, and creatinine but lower levels of glucose, linoleic acid, omega-6 and polyunsaturated fatty acids, and most amino acids. Higher BMI and having GD were associated with higher levels of several lipoprotein subclasses, triglycerides, and other metabolites, mostly with stronger associations in WEs. We have shown differences in gestational metabolic profiles between WE and SA women and demonstrated that associations of exposures with these metabolites differ by ethnicity.
Influence of placental and peripheral malaria exposure in fetal life on cardiometabolic traits in adult offspring.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal malaria exposure may lead to intrauterine growth restriction and increase the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. We investigated the extent to which fetal peripheral and placental malaria exposure impacts insulin sensitivity and secretion, body composition and cardiometabolic health 20 years after in utero malaria exposure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We traced 101 men and women in Muheza district, Tanga region whose mothers participated in a malaria chemosuppression during a pregnancy study in 1989-1992. All potential participants were screened for malaria, hepatitis B and HIV to ascertain study eligibility. Seventy-six individuals (44 men, 32 women) were included in this cohort study. The participants underwent a thorough clinical examination including anthropometric measurements, ultrasound scanning for abdominal fat distribution, blood pressure, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, an intravenous glucose tolerance test followed by a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp and a submaximal exercise test. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to placental malaria during pregnancy had significantly higher 30-minute plasma post-glucose load levels, but no significant difference in peripheral insulin resistance, insulin secretion or other cardiometabolic traits compared with non-exposed individuals. CONCLUSIONS: Using the state-of-the-art euglycemic clamp technique, we were unable to prove our a priori primary hypothesis of peripheral insulin resistance in young adult offspring of pregnancies affected by malaria. However, the subtle elevations of plasma glucose might represent an early risk marker for later development of type 2 diabetes if combined with aging and a more obesogenic living environment.
Genetic factors associated with small for gestational age birth and the use of human growth hormone in treating the disorder.; The term small for gestational age (SGA) refers to infants whose birth weights and/or lengths are at least two standard deviation (SD) units less than the mean for gestational age. This condition affects approximately 3%-10% of newborns. Causes for SGA birth include environmental factors, placental factors such as abnormal uteroplacental blood flow, and inherited genetic mutations. In the past two decades, an enhanced understanding of genetics has identified several potential causes for SGA. These include mutations that affect the growth hormone (GH)/insulin-like growth factor (IGF)-1 axis, including mutations in the IGF-1 gene and acid-labile subunit (ALS) deficiency. In addition, select polymorphisms observed in patients with SGA include those involved in genes associated with obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, ischemic heart disease and deletion of exon 3 growth hormone receptor (d3-GHR) polymorphism. Uniparental disomy (UPD) and imprinting effects may also underlie some of the phenotypes observed in SGA individuals. The variety of genetic mutations associated with SGA births helps explain the diversity of phenotype characteristics, such as impaired motor or mental development, present in individuals with this disorder. Predicting the effectiveness of recombinant human GH (hGH) therapy for each type of mutation remains challenging. Factors affecting response to hGH therapy include the dose and method of hGH administration as well as the age of initiation of hGH therapy. This article reviews the results of these studies and summarizes the success of hGH therapy in treating this difficult and genetically heterogenous disorder.
Congenital heart disease: a retrospective study of their frequency.; AIM: An early diagnosis of congenital heart disease (CHD) is necessary for the obstetrical management. METHODS: One thousand five hundred and fifty-six pregnant women underwent a fetal 2-D echocardiography from 1991 to 2002. We assessed patients who had the most common risk factor (RF): family history of CHD, diabetes mellitus, teratogen drugs, polyhydramnios, abnormal fetal growth, fetal arrhythmia, maternal age over 40 years, maternal autoimmune disease, maternal disease contracted during pregnancy, oligohydramnios, only umbilical artery, uncorrected visualization in the first level 2-D fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: In 110 morphological anomalies found 54 were complex. The malformations are not equally distributed among the different RF. The most common RF is the family history of CHD where 24 patients showed complex malformations. Another high percentage of complex malformations was found in patients with no apparent presence of RF: the diagnosis was done after an uncorrected cardiac visualization in the first level 2-D echocardiography. In the minor cardiomyopathies we did not find the prevalence of any RF. After diagnosis of complex malformations we had 15% of termination of pregnancies, 37% of the newborns are alive and in good health. CONCLUSIONS: The first RF is the family history of CHD, but a correct first level fetal 2-D echocardiography is necessary because a very high percentage of complex malformations is seen in infant whose mother did not have any RF. Ninety percent of cardiac malformations where seen in a 4 chamber view, and it is of the utmost importance also for a correct diagnosis of minor cardiomyopathies where we did not find a predominant RF.
Twenty-four-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in hypertension: an evidence-based analysis.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this health technology assessment was to determine the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) for hypertension. CLINICAL NEED: CONDITION AND TARGET POPULATION: Hypertension occurs when either systolic blood pressure, the pressure in the artery when the heart contracts, or diastolic blood pressure, the pressure in the artery when the heart relaxes between beats, are consistently high. Blood pressure (BP) that is consistently more than 140/90 mmHg (systolic/diastolic) is considered high. A lower threshold, greater than 130/80 mmHg (systolic/diastolic), is set for individuals with diabetes or chronic kidney disease. In 2006 and 2007, the age-standardized incidence rate of diagnosed hypertension in Canada was 25.8 per 1,000 (450,000 individuals were newly diagnosed). During the same time period, 22.7% of adult Canadians were living with diagnosed hypertension. A smaller proportion of Canadians are unaware they have hypertension; therefore, the estimated number of Canadians affected by this disease may be higher. Diagnosis and management of hypertension are important, since elevated BP levels are related to the risk of cardiovascular disease, including stroke. In Canada in 2003, the costs to the health care system related to the diagnosis, treatment, and management of hypertension were over $2.3 billion (Cdn). TECHNOLOGY: The 24-hour ABPM device consists of a standard inflatable cuff attached to a small computer weighing about 500 grams, which is worn over the shoulder or on a belt. The technology is noninvasive and fully automated. The device takes BP measurements every 15 to 30 minutes over a 24-to 28-hour time period, thus providing extended, continuous BP recordings even during a patient’s normal daily activities. Information on the multiple BP measurements can be downloaded to a computer. The main detection methods used by the device are auscultation and oscillometry. The device avoids some of the pitfalls of conventional office or clinic blood pressure monitoring (CBPM) using a cuff and mercury sphygmomanometer such as observer bias (the phenomenon of measurement error when the observer overemphasizes expected results) and white coat hypertension (the phenomenon of elevated BP when measured in the office or clinic but normal BP when measured outside of the medical setting). RESEARCH QUESTIONS: 1. Is there a difference in patient outcome and treatment protocol using 24-hour ABPM versus CBPM for uncomplicated hypertension? 2. Is there a difference between the 2 technologies when white coat hypertension is taken into account? 3. What is the cost-effectiveness and budget impact of 24-hour ABPM versus CBPM for uncomplicated hypertension? RESEARCH METHODS: LITERATURE SEARCH: SEARCH STRATEGY: A literature search was performed on August 4, 2011 using OVID MEDLINE, MEDLINE In-Process and Other Non-Indexed Citations, EMBASE, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), the Cochrane Library, and the International Agency for Health Technology Assessment (INAHTA) for studies published from January 1, 1997 to August 4, 2011. Abstracts were reviewed by a single reviewer. For those studies meeting the eligibility criteria, full-text articles were obtained. Reference lists were also examined for any additional relevant studies not identified through the search. Articles with unknown eligibility were reviewed with a second clinical epidemiologist and then a group of epidemiologists until consensus was established. The quality of evidence was assessed as high, moderate, low, or very low according to GRADE methodology. INCLUSION CRITERIA: English language articles; published between January 1, 1997 and August 4, 2011; adults aged 18 years of age or older; journal articles reporting on the effectiveness, cost-effectiveness, or safety for the comparison of interest; clearly described study design and methods; health technology assessments, systematic reviews, meta-analyses, or randomized controlled trials. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: non-English papers; animal or in vitro studies; case reports, case series, or case-case studies; studies comparing different antihypertensive therapies and evaluating their antihypertensive effects using 24-hour ABPM; studies on home or self-monitoring of BP, and studies on automated office BP measurement; studies in high-risk subgroups (e.g. diabetes, pregnancy, kidney disease). OUTCOMES OF INTEREST: PATIENT OUTCOMES: mortality: all cardiovascular events (e.g., myocardial infarction [MI], stroke); non-fatal: all cardiovascular events (e.g., MI, stroke); combined fatal and non-fatal: all cardiovascular events (e.g., MI, stroke); all non-cardiovascular events; control of BP (e.g. systolic and/or diastolic target level). DRUG-RELATED OUTCOMES: percentage of patients who show a reduction in, or stop, drug treatment; percentage of patients who begin multi-drug treatment; drug therapy use (e.g. number, intensity of drug use); drug-related adverse events. QUALITY OF EVIDENCE: The quality of the body of evidence was assessed as high, moderate, low, or very low according to the GRADE Working Group criteria. As stated by the GRADE Working Group, the following definitions of quality were used in grading the quality of the evidence: [Table: see text] SUMMARY OF FINDINGS: SHORT-TERM FOLLOW-UP STUDIES (LENGTH OF FOLLOW-UP OF ≤ 1 YEAR): Based on very low quality of evidence, there is no difference between technologies for non-fatal cardiovascular events. Based on moderate quality of evidence, ABPM resulted in improved BP control among patients with sustained hypertension compared to CBPM. Based on low quality of evidence, ABPM resulted in hypertensive patients being more likely to stop antihypertensive therapy and less likely to proceed to multi-drug therapy compared to CBPM. Based on low quality of evidence, there is a beneficial effect of ABPM on the intensity of antihypertensive drug use compared to CBPM. Based on moderate quality of evidence, there is no difference between technologies in the number of antihypertensive drugs used. Based on low to very low quality of evidence, there is no difference between technologies in the risk for a drug-related adverse event or noncardiovascular event. LONG-TERM FOLLOW-UP STUDY (MEAN LENGTH OF FOLLOW-UP OF 5 YEARS): Based on moderate quality of evidence, there is a beneficial effect of ABPM on total combined cardiovascular events compared to CBPM. Based on low quality of evidence, there is a lack of a beneficial effect of ABPM on nonfatal cardiovascular events compared to CBPM; however, the lack of a beneficial effect is based on a borderline result. Based on low quality of evidence, there is no beneficial effect of ABPM on fatal cardiovascular events compared to CBPM. Based on low quality of evidence, there is no difference between technologies for the number of patients who began multi-drug therapy. Based on low quality of evidence, there is a beneficial effect of CBPM on control of BP compared to ABPM. This result is in the opposite direction than expected. Based on moderate quality of evidence, there is no difference between technologies in the risk for a drug-related adverse event.
Pregnant women's dietary patterns and knowledge of gestational weight gain: A cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: Excess gestational weight gain (GWG) is a risk factor for various unfavorable maternal and neonatal outcomes that may be preventable. Maintaining a healthy lifestyle while pregnant can help prevent uncontrollable weight gain. The aim of this study was to assess pregnant women's knowledge on weight, GWG, diet, and knowledge of obesity-related complications among women who seek care at our semi-urban, regional setting. METHODS: A prospective observational study was conducted at the prenatal clinic at Kalafong Academic Hospital. Prospective participants completed a questionnaire on their perception of GWG, attitudes toward GWG, knowledge of GWG, associated complications of obesity, and food choices. Data analysis was performed using SAS version 9.4. RESULTS: The majority of the 500 individuals were overweight or obese prior to pregnancy. By the end of the third trimester, this increased by 10.1% (n = 420; 86.1%). Nearly half (n = 240; 48.78%) of the overweight and obese women underestimated their weight. Only 26.53% (n = 26) of women who checked their body mass index (BMI, calculated as weight in kilograms divided by the square of height in meters) gained weight according to recommendations. However, less than half (n = 96; 30.5%) gained weight within the recommended range, despite the fact that the majority of them (n = 315; 64%) were aware of the harmful effects of obesity on the cardiovascular system and the effects of high calories on weight gain (n = 321; 65%). CONCLUSION: Despite basic knowledge of the impact of high-caloric intake on weight gain and cardiovascular complications, less than half of the study population gained weight within the recommended range.
Role of placental nutrient sensing in developmental programming.; Altered maternal nutrition and metabolism, restricted utero-placental blood flow, and other perturbations in the maternal compartment may disturb critical periods of fetal development resulting in increased susceptibility to develop disease in childhood and adult life. In response to these perturbations, changes in placental structure and function occur, which influence the supply of nutrients, oxygen, and methyl donors and alter the secretion of hormones and other signaling molecules into the fetal circulation. Thus, the placenta plays a critical role in modulating maternal-fetal resource allocation, thereby affecting fetal growth and the long-term health of the offspring.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and cardiometabolic outcomes in childhood: A systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) are among the leading causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality worldwide and have been suggested to increase long-term cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to investigate whether HDPs are associated with cardiometabolic markers in childhood. SEARCH STRATEGY: PubMed, The Cochrane Library and reference lists of included studies up to January 2019. SELECTION CRITERIA: Studies comparing cardiometabolic markers in 2-18-year-old children of mothers with HDP in utero, to children of mothers without HDP. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Sixteen studies reported in 25 publications were included in this systematic review, of which three were considered as having high risk of bias. Thus 13 studies were included in the evidence synthesis: respectively two and eight reported pregnancy induced hypertension and preeclampsia, and three studies reported on both HDPs. MAIN RESULTS: Most studies (n = 4/5) found a higher blood pressure in children exposed to pregnancy induced hypertension. Most studies (n = 7/10) found no statistically significantly higher blood pressure in children exposed to preeclampsia. No association was found between exposure to HDP and levels of cholesterol, triglycerides or glucose (n = 5/5). No studies investigated an association with (carotid) intima-media thickness, glycated haemoglobin or diabetes mellitus type 2. CONCLUSIONS: Most studies showed that exposure to pregnancy induced hypertension is associated with a higher offspring blood pressure. There is no convincing evidence for an association between exposure to preeclampsia and blood pressure in childhood. Based on current evidence, exposure to HDP is not associated with blood levels of cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose in childhood.
[Breast cancer in patients, 70 years or older].; Over 30% of breast cancers are diagnosed after age 70. The incidence of breast cancer in the elderly has increased since 1960. Risk factors for breast cancer are a medical history without pregnancy, a first pregnancy after age 30 and the use of hormonal replacement therapy. The biology of breast cancer at advanced age indicates a relative slow, less aggressive and hormone dependent tumour growth. In spite of these favourable characteristics, the prognosis is not better than at middle age. Over 20% of older patients die from co-existing other diseases within 5 years after the diagnosis of breast cancer. This comorbidity, mostly cardiovascular or pulmonary, affects the possibilities and the outcome of treatment. Treatment of the primary tumour is performed according to the same guidelines as in younger patients. Indication exists for hormonal adjuvant treatment with tamoxifen in patients with oestrogen receptor positive tumours. Hormonal treatment is the treatment of choice in metastatic disease. Chemotherapy is given in patients with oestrogen receptor negative tumours and in patients with progressive hepatic or pulmonary metastases.
The role of maternal BMI on brain food cue reactivity in children: a preliminary study.; Children of overweight and obese parents have an increased risk of obesity. Little is known the neural mechanisms underlying this relationship, specifically the brain systems implicated in self-regulation of food intake. The primary goal here is to examine relationships between maternal body mass index (BMI) and brain responses to food cues in children. Seventy-six children (8.62 ± 1.02 years; 28 M,48F) were included in this study. Height and weight were assessed for children and their biological parents. Maternal height and weight before pregnancy were extracted from the Electronic Medical Records (EMR). BMI (kg/m(2)) or BMIz (age- and sex-specific BMI) were calculated. Children underwent a magnetic resonance imaging session where they viewed food and non-food images before and after glucose ingestion. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) food cue reactivity was the measurement of interest for region-of-interest (ROI) analyses. Whole-brain exploratory analysis was performed as well. Non-parametric methods were used for data analysis. ROI and whole brain analyses showed that maternal current BMI was inversely associated with child's ACC and dlPFC food cue reactivity after glucose ingestion, adjusting for age and sex. No significant relationships were found between paternal BMI and child's food cue reactivity. Child BMIz was negatively associated with the ACC food cue reactivity after glucose ingestion. Our results supported the role of maternal adiposity on child's responses to appetitive food cues in brain self-regulation circuitry, which may influence eating behavior and obesity risk in children.
Correlates of prenatal visceromegaly.; Aside from recognized overgrowth syndromes, instances of visceromegaly are not uncommon at perinatal autopsy. The database of the University of Michigan Teratology Unit was screened for individual viscera exceeding the 90th centile for body and brain weight standards. The data were stratified for several maternal (hypertension, diabetes, obesity), gestational (chorioamnionitis, oligohydramnios, amniorrhaea, polyhydramnios), and fetal (body wall defect, cardiac malformation, renal malformation, diaphragmatic hernia, nonimmune hydrops, twin transfusion syndrome) characteristics and tested for statistically significant excessive numbers of heavy organs. The most striking associations were heavy adrenal glands and liver with chorioamnionitis, heavy heart with polyhydramnios and in the twin transfusion syndrome, and heavy heart and liver with nonimmune hydrops. Excessive brain weight for body weight had a number of correlations, each most likely reflecting growth restriction with sparing of brain growth.
Social Determinants of Suboptimal Cardiovascular Health Among Pregnant Women in the United States.; Background Suboptimal cardiovascular health (CVH) and social determinants of health (SDOH) have a significant impact on maternal morbidity and mortality. We aimed to evaluate the association of SDOH with suboptimal CVH among pregnant women in the United States. Methods and Results We examined cross-sectional data of pregnant women aged 18 to 49 years from the National Health Interview Survey (2013-2017). We ascertained optimal and suboptimal CVH based on the presence of 0 to 1 and ≥2 risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, current smoking, obesity, and insufficient physical activity), respectively. We calculated an aggregate SDOH score representing 38 variables from 6 domains (economic stability; neighborhood, physical environment, and social cohesion; community and social context; food; education; and healthcare system) and divided into quartiles. We used Poisson regression model to evaluate the association of SDOH with suboptimal CVH and risk factors. Our study included 1433 pregnant women (28.8±5.5 years, 13% non-Hispanic Black). Overall, 38.4% (95% CI, 33.9-43.0) had suboptimal CVH versus 51.7% (95% CI, 47.0-56.3) among those in the fourth SDOH quartile. Risk ratios of suboptimal CVH, smoking, obesity, and insufficient physical activity were 2.05 (95% CI, 1.46-2.88), 8.37 (95% CI, 3.00-23.43), 1.54 (95% CI, 1.17-2.03), and 1.19 (95% CI, 1.01-1.42), respectively among those in the fourth SDOH quartile compared with the first quartile. Conclusions Over 50% of pregnant women with the highest SDOH burden had suboptimal CVH, highlighting the public health urgency for interventions in socially disadvantaged pregnant women with renewed strategies toward improving modifiable risk factors, especially smoking and insufficient physical activity.
Reactive oxygen species, nutrition, hypoxia and diseases: Problems solved?; Within the last twenty years the view on reactive oxygen species (ROS) has changed; they are no longer only considered to be harmful but also necessary for cellular communication and homeostasis in different organisms ranging from bacteria to mammals. In the latter, ROS were shown to modulate diverse physiological processes including the regulation of growth factor signaling, the hypoxic response, inflammation and the immune response. During the last 60-100 years the life style, at least in the Western world, has changed enormously. This became obvious with an increase in caloric intake, decreased energy expenditure as well as the appearance of alcoholism and smoking; These changes were shown to contribute to generation of ROS which are, at least in part, associated with the occurrence of several chronic diseases like adiposity, atherosclerosis, type II diabetes, and cancer. In this review we discuss aspects and problems on the role of intracellular ROS formation and nutrition with the link to diseases and their problematic therapeutical issues.
Advocacy for Improving Nutrition in the First 1000 Days to Support Childhood Development and Adult Health.; Maternal prenatal nutrition and the child's nutrition in the first 2 years of life (1000 days) are crucial factors in a child's neurodevelopment and lifelong mental health. Child and adult health risks, including obesity, hypertension, and diabetes, may be programmed by nutritional status during this period. Calories are essential for growth of both fetus and child but are not sufficient for normal brain development. Although all nutrients are necessary for brain growth, key nutrients that support neurodevelopment include protein; zinc; iron; choline; folate; iodine; vitamins A, D, B(6), and B(12); and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids. Failure to provide key nutrients during this critical period of brain development may result in lifelong deficits in brain function despite subsequent nutrient repletion. Understanding the complex interplay of micro- and macronutrients and neurodevelopment is key to moving beyond simply recommending a "good diet" to optimizing nutrient delivery for the developing child. Leaders in pediatric health and policy makers must be aware of this research given its implications for public policy at the federal and state level. Pediatricians should refer to existing services for nutrition support for pregnant and breastfeeding women, infants, and toddlers. Finally, all providers caring for children can advocate for healthy diets for mothers, infants, and young children in the first 1000 days. Prioritizing public policies that ensure the provision of adequate nutrients and healthy eating during this crucial time would ensure that all children have an early foundation for optimal neurodevelopment, a key factor in long-term health.
The selfish brain and the barker hypothesis.; 1. Brain sparing is a feature of intra-uterine growth retardation (IUGR). This implies that there is a redistribution of metabolic supply so that body growth slows to a greater extent than brain growth. 2. Intra-uterine growth retardation, as evidenced by a low birthweight for gestational age is a predisposing factor for hypertension, cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus in adult life. 3. In species like humans, nephrogenesis is complete before birth. In the rat, it is completed shortly after birth. In both species, it can be shown that either undernutrition or IUGR is associated with reduced nephron number. 4. It has been proposed that oligonephropathy results in hyperfiltration, which ultimately leads to glomerulosclerosis and hypertension. The renin-angiotensin system (RAS) is necessary for normal renal development and fetal renal function. In the rat, blockade of the RAS in the first weeks of life by pharmacological agents reduces glomerular number and has been shown to cause hypertension in adult life. Renal denervation reduces the activity of the fetal RAS and also causes abnormal development of the renin-secreting cells. 5. There is tonic renal sympathetic nerve activity in the late gestation fetal sheep. The level of renal sympathetic nerve activity (RSNA) is influenced by the fetal behavioural state. 6. However, interactions between the developing kidney and the developing sympathetic nervous system are poorly understood. On the one hand, renal innervation may be important in the provision of neurotrophic factors that stimulate the development of the RAS and kidney. On the other, high levels of RSNA associated with circulating catecholamines and vasopressin may cause vasoconstriction and limit nephrogenesis. This latter effect could be a predisposing factor to adult hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
Pregnancy outcome in women with transfused beta-thalassemia in France.; Because of chronic anemia, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, and iron chelation, pregnancy in homozygous and heterozygous compound beta-thalassemia patients stays a challenge. Pregnancies of transfused beta-thalassemia women registered in the French National Registry, conducted between 1995 and 2015, are described. These pregnancies were compared with pregnancies in healthy women and to data previously published in the literature. Fifty-six pregnancies of 37 women were studied. There were 5 twin pregnancies. Assisted reproductive technologies (ART) were used in 9 pregnancies. Median term at delivery was 39 amenorrhea weeks, and median weight at birth was 2780 g. Cesarean section was performed in 53.6% of the pregnancies. There were 6 thromboembolic events, 6 serious infections, 6 pregnancy-induced hypertensions (PIH), 6 intrauterine growth retardations (IUGR), 5 severe hemorrhages, 4 gestational diabetes, 3 alloimmunizations, 2 heart diseases, and 1 pre-eclampsia. There were 5 infections and 4 osteoporosis in the first year of post-partum. ART and cesarean sections were more often used in the beta-thalassemia group, compared to control subjects. Thromboembolic events, PIH, hemorrhage at delivery, and IUGR were more frequent in the beta-thalassemia group. Time to delivery was not different, but infant weight at birth was significantly smaller in the beta-thalassemia group. In the post-partum period, global maternal complications were more frequent in the beta-thalassemia group. Pregnancy in transfused beta-thalassemia women is safe with rare obstetrical and fetal complications. Cesarean section remains often chosen, and infant weight at birth remains smaller than that in the general population, despite delivery at full term.
Role of neurotrophins in pregnancy, delivery and postpartum.; Neurotrophins (NTs) are a family of polypeptides whose functions have been extensively studied in the past two decades. In particular, Nerve Growth Factor (NGF) and Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) play a major role in the development, nutrition and growth of the central and peripheral nervous system and in the pathogenesis of neurodegenerative, cardiometabolic and (auto)immune diseases. However, NGF and BDNF have subtle functions for follicular development, implantation, and placentation. This short narrative review summarizes the existing evidence, published between 2000 and 2019, about the role of NTs in many different conditions that might affect women during and after pregnancy such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, obesity, depression, anxiety, smoking and alcohol abuse. Literature suggests that the dysregulation of synthesis and release of NTs may lead to decisive effects on both maternal and fetal health. Some piece of evidences was found about a possible association between NGF/BDNF and breastfeeding. Additional studies on human models are necessary to further characterize the role of NTs in life-changing experiences like labor and delivery.
[Hospital Admissions due to cyanosis episodes in newborns with gestational age of 34 weeks or more].; OBJECTIVES: A retrospective study was performed between January 2007 and December 2012 to assess the admission rates of newborns due to episodes of cyanosis PATIENTS AND METHOD: Retrospective study that included all the newborns hospitalized with episodes of cyanosis between January 2007 and December 2012. In them were employed two study protocols that considered first and second line tests, the latter in view of recurrence of events. The first line protocol considered general biochemical tests, chest x-ray and echocardiography in selected cases, while the second line protocol included electroencephalogram, electrocardiogram, nuclear magnetic resonance of the brain, expanded metabolic screening, pyruvic acid, lactic acid, and in case of seizures, cytochemical, and culture of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and PCR (polymerase chain reaction) for herpes. RESULTS: A total of 98 (2.8%) out of 3,454 newborns were admitted due to episodes of cyanosis. Gestational age: 37.8+1.4 weeks, birth weight: 3,145+477 g. Maternal age: 32+4.8 years. Disease was present in 19.4% of mothers; gestational diabetes (8.1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (5.1%), intrahepatic cholestasis (3.1%), and intrauterine growth retardation (3.1%). Gender: 48.8% male, 51.2% female (NS). Birth: caesarean section, 68.4%, and vaginal delivery, 31.6%. Age on admission 1.9+1.4 days. Hospital stay: 4.2+4.2 days. First line tests were performed in 100% of patients with 39.8% fulfilling the criteria for second line study. A condition was detected in 21.4%, with convulsive syndrome was the most frequent (33%). Newborns with an identified condition had 3.8+2.7 episodes versus 1.5+2,4 in those without diagnosis (NS). A home oxygen monitor was given to 15.4%. There were no re-admissions. CONCLUSIONS: Most newborns admitted due to cyanosis are discharged with a condition of unknown origin. In this study, convulsive syndrome was the most frequent cause.
Association of maternal nutrition with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism.; OBJECTIVE: The objective was to determine whether maternal nutritional factors are associated with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism (HI). DESIGN AND SETTING: Case control study in 4 French tertiary Obstetrics and Neonatology Departments between 2008 and 2015. METHODS: Sixty-seven mothers of neonates diagnosed with transient hyperinsulinism and 113 mothers of controls were included. The screening for hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in neonates was performed because of clinical symptoms suggestive of hypoglycemia or in the presence of conventional risk factors (small-for-gestational-age, prematurity, anoxo-ischemia, hypothermia, macrosomia, gestational diabetes). Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia was confirmed in the HI neonates and ruled out in the controls. This allowed for comparing maternal nutrition in cases and controls in a context of similar risk factors. One to 2 mothers of control neonates were included per case, and a food frequency questionnaire was addressed to the mothers between day 5 and day 10 after the birth of their newborn. RESULTS: Crude odds ratio showed that maternal weight gain, abnormal fetal rate, C-section, gender, consumption of fresh cooked vegetables, fresh fruits and fruit juices, low fat diary products, light fat products, and daily bread were significantly associated with hyperinsulinism. Maternal body mass index, hypertension, gestational diabetes, birth weight percentile, gestational age and 5-minute Apgar score were not related to HI. In a multiple backward logistic regression model, consumption of fresh cooked vegetable ≥1/day (OR = 0.33 [0.14-0.77]) and light-fat products ≥1/week (OR = 0.24 [0.08-0.71]) was protective against hyperinsulinism, whereas gestational weight gain >20 kg (OR = 9.5 [2.0-45.5]) and between 15-20 kg (OR = 4.0 [1.2-14.0]), abnormal fetal heart rate (OR = 4.4 [1.6-12.0]), and C-section (OR = 3.4 [1.3-8.9]) were risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: A diet rich in fresh cooked vegetable and reduced in fat, together with the avoidance of a high gestational weight gain may be protective against transient neonatal hyperinsulinism.
Mood and quality of life changes in pregnancy and postpartum and the effect of a behavioral intervention targeting excess gestational weight gain in women with overweight and obesity: a parallel-arm randomized controlled pilot trial.; BACKGROUND: Intensive lifestyle interventions in pregnancy have shown success in limiting gestational weight gain, but the effects on mood and quality of life in pregnancy and postpartum are less known. The purpose was to quantify changes in mental and physical quality of life and depressive symptoms across pregnancy and the postpartum period, to determine the association between gestational weight gain and change in mood and quality of life, and to assess the effect of a behavioral intervention targeting excess gestational weight gain on these outcomes. METHODS: A three group parallel-arm randomized controlled pilot trial of 54 pregnant women who were overweight or obese was conducted to test whether the SmartMoms® intervention decreased the proportion of women with excess gestational weight gain. Individuals randomized to Usual Care (n = 17) did not receive any weight management services from interventionists. Individuals randomized to the SmartMoms® intervention (n = 37) were provided with behavioral weight management counseling by interventionists either in clinic (In-Person, n = 18) or remotely through a smartphone application (Phone, n = 19). In a subset of 43 women, mood and mental and physical quality of life were assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory-II and the Rand 12-Item short form, respectively, in early pregnancy, late pregnancy, 1-2 months postpartum, and 12 months postpartum. RESULTS: The SmartMoms® intervention and Usual Care groups had higher depressive symptoms (p < 0.03 for SmartMoms® intervention, p < 0.01 for Usual Care) and decreased physical health (p < 0.01) from early to late pregnancy. Both groups returned to early pregnancy mood and physical quality of life postpartum. Mental health did not change from early to late pregnancy (p = 0.8), from early pregnancy to 1-2 months (p = 0.5), or from early pregnancy to 12 months postpartum (p = 0.9), respectively. There were no significant intervention effects. Higher gestational weight gain was associated with worsened mood and lower physical quality of life across pregnancy. CONCLUSION: High depressive symptoms and poor quality of life may be interrelated with the incidence of excess gestational weight gain. The behavioral gestational weight gain intervention did not significantly impact these outcomes, but mood and quality of life should be considered within future interventions and clinical practice to effectively limit excess gestational weight gain. TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT01610752 , Expecting Success, Registered 31 May 2012.
Interference with gastrulation during the third week of pregnancy as a cause of some facial abnormalities and CNS defects.; During the third week of pregnancy the human embryo undergoes a major developmental process, gastrulation, during which the two-layered embryo is converted into a three-layered embryo. At the same time, the upper epiblast layer is induced to form the neural plate. Evidence is presented which suggests that interference with this process by genetic, physical, or chemical agents can cause a range of CNS abnormalities and facial abnormalities, including those described as characteristic of the FAS.
Interleukin 1 gene polymorphism and susceptibility to disease.; The Interleukin 1 (IL-1) family plays a central role in the generation and regulation of inflammatory responses, in both innate and adaptive immunity. Although the IL-1 molecules are traditionally considered to be classical proinflammatory cytokines, their functions are not restricted to inflammation, and they have also been shown to play a key role in a wide range of additional physiological and pathological functions, including learning modulation, sleep, pregnancy, depression, appetite, hematopoiesis, metabolism, and many others. Since their effect as cytokines and regulators of inflammation is so pleiotropic, any shift of the biological balance between agonistic and antagonistic signals has the potential to cause disease. Here, we consider the genetic influence of interleukin-1 gene polymorphism in the context of susceptibility to human diseases. We review known single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) of IL-1 genes linked to human diseases, and suggest how exploring biological effects of IL-1 gene cluster polymorphism may lead to new directions in understanding and diagnostic of disease and effective treatment.
Vitamin D: Effects on human reproduction, pregnancy, and fetal well-being.; Pregnancy places exceptional demands on vitamin D and calcium availability; thus, their deficiencies during pregnancy threaten the woman and her fetus. Globally, vitamin D and other micronutrient deficiencies are common during pregnancy, especially in developing countries where pregnant women have less access to nutritional supplements. Vitamin D deficiency has been reported to be as high as 40% among pregnant women. As a pregnancy progresses, the requirements for vitamin D increase and thus, can worsen preexisting hypovitaminosis D. Consequently, hypovitaminosis D is increasingly associated with a higher incidence of fetal miscarriage, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, bacterial vaginosis, and impaired fetal and childhood growth and development. This review explores the recent advances in the understanding of vitamin D and the pivotal role it plays in human reproduction, with an emphasis on pregnancy and its outcomes. Given the seriousness of the issue, there is a pressing need for clinicians to become aware of the risks associated with not identifying and correcting vitamin D deficiency. Identifying and correcting vitamin D deficiency, including safe exposure to sunlight, is particularly relevant for those who seek assistance with fertility issues or prenatal counseling, and those in the beginning of their pregnancy. The data point to a significant protective effects of vitamin D during pregnancy when the 25(OH)D serum level exceeds 30 ng/mL before pregnancy and during the first trimester and, sufficient levels are maintained throughout the pregnancy.
[A comparative study of pulsed Doppler versus continuous Doppler technic without spectral analysis in obstetrics].; We conducted a study in 48 parturients in order to: --assess the possibilities of continuous Doppler examination without preliminary ultrasonographic localization and without spectral analysis, to measure the traditional hemodynamic parameters of fetal development (in particular on the umbilical cord). --to compare these results with those obtained using pulsed Doppler-scan as reference. The protocol was very strict and neither of the two practitioners was aware of the other practitioner's results. With the continuous Doppler examination, the uterine arteries were systematically localized and recorded. The technique is simple in trained hands. The material included an ultrasonograph fitted with two probes (3.5 and 5 MHz, equipped with a pulsed Doppler) and a continuous Doppler (only the 4 MHz probe was used). Because the tests were sometimes repeated, 63 measurements were obtained in 48 parturients, mean age was 29.3 years and mean gestational age was 32.9 weeks. The reason for the examination varied: intrauterine growth retardation and/or maternal hypertension, diabetes, etc. The results obtained from the cord proved to be very encouraging: 42 of the 54 measurements were comparable (77.7%) showed an index difference less than or equal to 0.05. Only 4 (7.4% of the measurements) maximum deviations were observed (exceeding 0.10). The mean Pourcelot index on the Doppler scan was 0.677. With the continuous Doppler, it was 0.676. The 13 abnormal measurements with the pulsed Doppler were also abnormal with the continuous Doppler. The uterine arteries were recorded and measured with the continuous Doppler 42 times on the right (68.8% of the cases) and 34 times on the left (55.7%).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Pathophysiology of polycystic ovarian disease: new insights.; The incidence of polycystic ovarian disease (PCOD) varies from 0.6 to 92%, depending on the parameters analysed, PCOD has been reported to appear in association with Cushing's Syndrome, adrenal hyperplasia, hypothyroidism, adrenal and ovarian tumours and some genetic abnormalities. The controversy regarding the pathophysiological mechanism underlying the disease still persists. Critical evaluation of old data, assessment of new findings concerning the possible role of insulin, growth factors and their binding proteins, and extrapolation of neuroendocrinological experiments enabled the construction of a concise hypothesis of the pathophysiology of PCOD. According to this hypothesis, PCOD is a multifactorial disease. The sequence of events finally leading to clinical manifestation of the disease (hyperandrogenism, abnormal luteinizing hormone pulsatility pattern and ovulation disturbances) may originate in different organs or be triggered by different mechanisms. It may stem from the adrenals, the hypothalamus or higher central nervous system centres, or from the ovary itself; it may originate from excess of fat tissue usually combined with hyperinsulinism; or may be the result of a net increase in active growth factors. Each of the above disturbances probably appears early in life, much before the clinical signs of the disease are evident. Predisposing factors such as gestational diabetes of the mother, childhood obesity, borderline adrenal hyperplasia and late menarche have to be looked for as early as possible in order to prevent the late consequences of the disease, such as increased risk of infertility, endometrial and breast cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Fetal echocardiography: retrospective review of clinical experience and an evaluation of indications.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the indications, use, and yield of fetal echocardiography. METHODS: We reviewed our 8-year experience with fetal echocardiography at a large health maintenance organization in northern California to assess the yield of abnormal findings for each indication and the accuracy of prenatal cardiac diagnosis. The study included 915 fetuses undergoing fetal echocardiography between 18-38 weeks' gestation because of accepted indications. All live-born infants had the presence or absence of congenital heart disease (CHD) confirmed postnatally. RESULTS: Family history of CHD led to 34% of all fetal echocardiography studies, with a detection rate of 0.7%. Maternal diabetes mellitus accounted for 28% of all studies, with a detection rate of 1.2%. Exposure of mothers to a potential teratogen led to 48 studies, but no abnormalities were detected. Only 4% of fetal echocardiograms were obtained because of a suspected heart defect noted on a screening obstetric sonogram; this indication had a detection rate of 68% and yielded by far the most cases of severe CHD. Based on the expected occurrence rate of severe CHD in our closed referral system, only about 15% were referred for fetal echocardiography and detected prenatally. CONCLUSION: Basing fetal echocardiography referral on risk factors misses most clinically significant detectable CHD.
Aboriginal birth cohort (ABC): a prospective cohort study of early life determinants of adiposity and associated risk factors among Aboriginal people in Canada.; BACKGROUND: Aboriginal people living in Canada have a high prevalence of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). To better understand the pre and postnatal influences on the development of adiposity and related cardio-metabolic factors in adult Aboriginal people, we will recruit and follow prospectively Aboriginal pregnant mothers and their children - the Aboriginal Birth Cohort (ABC) study. METHODS/DESIGN: We aim to recruit 300 Aboriginal pregnant mothers and their newborns from the Six Nations Reserve, and follow them prospectively to age 3 years. Key details of environment and health including maternal nutrition, glucose tolerance, physical activity, and weight gain will be collected. At birth, cord blood and placenta samples will be collected, as well as newborn anthropometric measurements. Mothers and offspring will be followed annually with serial measurements of diet and physical activity, growth trajectory, and adiposity. DISCUSSION: There is an urgent need to understand maternal and child factors that underlie the early development of adiposity and type 2 diabetes in Aboriginal people. The information generated from this cohort will assist the Six Nations community in developing interventions to prevent early adiposity in Aboriginal children.
[Genetic variants of endothelial nitric synthase in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia].; INTRODUCTION: Decreased nitric oxide (NO) plasma concentration may be involved in the development of preeclampsia. It has been suggested that genetic variants of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) gene may reduce NO plasma levels. AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the correlation of 894G>T (Glu298Asp) and -786T>C polymorphisms of NOS3 gene with the development of preeclampsia (PE) and gestational hypertension (GH). MATERIAL AND METHODS: 110 hypertensive pregnant women (mean age 29.46 +/- 4.54 years, mean gestational age 36.88 +/- 3.50 gw., mean systolic blood pressure 16782 +/- 16.87 mmHg, mean diastolic blood pressure 104.32 +/- 11.62 mmHg) were enrolled into the study group. The whole study group was further subdivided into two subgroups: women with gestational hypertension (GH, n = 69) and with preeclampsia (PE, n = 41). Gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were diagnosed according to the ACOG standards. All patients with multiple pregnancy diabetes, vascular changes and thrombotic complications were excluded from the study. The control group consisted of 150 healthy pregnant women (mean age 28.29 +/- 4.40 years, mean gestational age 39.06 +/- 1.28 gw., mean systolic blood pressure 12.07 +/- 10.75 mmHg, mean diastolic blood pressure 70.62 +/- 9.13 mm Hg). The frequency of investigated genotypes of NOS3 gene polymorphisms was examined by polymerase chain reaction and restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR/RFLP) method. RESULTS: As far as the 894G>T polymorphism was concerned, a higher frequency of 894TT genotype in the control group in comparison to the whole study group was observed (8.7 vs. 5.4%; WR = 0.61, p = ns). A similar observation was made about the 894T allele (25.4 vs. 30.0%, WR = 0.79, p = ns). The frequency of the 894T allele was also higher in controls in comparison to the PE group (30% vs. 26.8%, p = ns) and GH group (30% vs. 24.6%, p = ns). Analyzing the -786T>C polymorphism no statistically significant differences between the whole study and the control groups was found. The frequency of the mutated -786CC genotype was similar in the entire study group and controls (13.6 vs. 15.3%, p = ns). The frequency of the mutated -786C allele was also similar in both analyzed groups (37.3 vs. 38.0%, p = ns). A statistically significant difference in the frequency of coexistence of mutated homozygotic genotypes 894TT/-786CC between the investigated groups (0.9% in the whole study group vs. 6.7% in the control group, p = 0.019) was observed. Coexistence of 894GT/-786TC genotypes was noted more frequently in the control group (19.1% in the whole study group vs. 24.7% in the control group, p = ns). The frequency of other combinations of investigated genotypes coexistence did not significantly differ between the control group, the entire study group, and the PE and GH groups. In the PE group, a higher systolic blood pressure was noted in patients with -786CC genotype (205.0 +/- 21.2 mmHg) in comparison to patients with -786TT (177.0 +/- 17.8 mmHg) or -786TC (173.4 +/- 13.5 mmHg) genotypes (p = ns). CONCLUSIONS: The presence of the 894TT genotype of the 894G>T (Glu298Asp) polymorphism may play a protective role in the development of preeclampsia. The presence of the -786CC genotype of the -786T>C polymorphism may correlate with the increase of the systolic blood pressure in pregnant women with preeclampsia.
Preeclampsia and birthweight by gestational age in singleton pregnancies in Flanders, Belgium: a prospective study.; PURPOSE: Recent studies have questioned the relationship between low birthweight and hypertension in pregnancy, especially in term pregnancies. We aimed to analyse the influence of chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and superimposed preeclampsia on birth weight in singleton pregnancies at different gestational ages. METHODS: Between January 1, 2001 and December 31, 2002 data on hypertension (subdivided in chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, superimposed preeclampsia and eclampsia) were collected prospectively for all deliveries in the region of Flanders, Belgium. Multiple pregnancies and patients with diabetes were excluded from analysis. Multiple linear regression was performed to construct a model for the prediction of birthweight and to determine the contribution of hypertension. RESULTS: Hypertension was diagnosed in 5,284 of 111,007 (4.8%) singleton pregnancies, and of these 647 had chronic hypertension (0.6% of the total group), 2,253 (2%) gestational hypertension, 2,244 (2%) preeclampsia and 140 (0.1%) superimposed preeclampsia. Birthweight less than 2,500 g was most frequent in the preeclamptic group and less frequent in case of gestational hypertension, but in all hypertensive groups it was statistically more frequent compared to the normotensive pregnancies. Before 26 weeks' gestational age the presence of any kind of hypertension did not influence birthweight. From 26 weeks on preeclampsia contributed to a lower birthweight. Gestational hypertension resulted in a lower birthweight between 28 and 34 weeks, but not before or after this period. Superimposed preeclampsia only had an effect between 32 and 34 weeks and chronic hypertension only marginally contributed to birthweight. A relation with both a high birthweight (> 4000 g) and birthweight < 2500 g was found in term gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: At an early gestational age (less then 26 weeks) hypertension is not a significant factor influencing birthweight. Uncomplicated chronic hypertension is not an important factor determining birthweight but preeclampsia is. Gestational hypertension influences birthweight in a limited period between 28 and 34 weeks of gestational age. When hypertensive pregnancies reach term they tend to result both in more babies weighing < 2,500 g and > 4,000 g.
A Comparison of Individuals with Diabetes and EMPA-REG Trial Participants: Exploring Aspects of External Validity.; BACKGROUND: There is increasing use of sodium glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors to treat diabetes. Since trials apply specific entry and exclusion criteria to ensure internal validity, comparisons of trial populations with nationally representative samples can inform the applicability of study findings to practice. OBJECTIVE: To compare individuals with diabetes from a nationally representative sample to patients who underwent randomization in the EMPA-REG trial. A secondary aim was to characterize what proportion of individuals prescribed an SGLT2 inhibitor in a nationally representative sample would have been included in the EMPA-REG trial. DESIGN: Retrospective cross-sectional study. PARTICIPANTS: Adults with diabetes who took part in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) between 2011-2014 (primary analysis corresponding to EMPA-REG enrollment) and 2015-2018 (secondary analysis corresponding to contemporary sample). MAIN MEASURES: The primary outcome was a comparison of demographic (age, sex, ethnicity, and pregnancy status), clinical (comorbidities and medication use), examination (weight, body mass index, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure), and laboratory (hgba1c, low- and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and estimated glomerular filtration rate) characteristics of NHANES respondents versus EMPA-REG trial participants. The secondary outcome was the proportion of NHANES respondents who had been prescribed an SGLT2 inhibitor that would have met inclusion criteria for the EMPA-REG trial. KEY RESULTS: There were 655 and 48 respondents, representing a weighted sample of 21,849,775 and 1,062,573 individuals, included in the primary and secondary analyses, respectively. Overall, 7.6% (95% CI 4.8-10.6%) of 2011-2014 NHANES respondents would have met all EMPA-REG trial inclusion criteria. NHANES respondents and EMPA-REG participants differed across demographic, clinical, examination, and laboratory domains. Of NHANES respondents from 2015 to 2018 who were prescribed an SGLT2 inhibitor, 10.6% (95% CI <1-24.7%) would have met all inclusion criteria for the EMPA-REG trial. CONCLUSIONS: The EMPA-REG population differed from a nationally representative sample, which could affect generalizability.
Associations between Diet Quality and Allostatic Load in US Adults: Findings from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2015-2018.; BACKGROUND: Allostatic load (AL), the concept of cumulative biological risk from chronic stressful exposures, may provide a framework with which to examine the links between diet, physiological stress, and disease. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the associations between diet quality and AL. DESIGN: This cross-sectional study was conducted using the 2015 through 2018 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Dietary intake was assessed using two 24-hour diet recalls. Diet quality was measured using the Healthy Eating Index 2015. AL was measured by a composite score of nine biochemical markers, with three or more dysregulated values signaling elevated AL. All markers were collected during a physical examination. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: This study was conducted in a nationally representative population of 5,343 US adults aged 19 years or older who had no prior diagnosis of diabetes (except gestational diabetes), cancer (except skin cancer), or cardiovascular disease; were not pregnant; and had complete dietary intake and AL biomarker data. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The outcome was odds of elevated AL. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Accounting for the complex survey design of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, multivariable logistic regression was used to examine the associations between Healthy Eating Index 2015 score and elevated AL, adjusting for sociodemographic variables. RESULTS: A significant inverse association between AL and diet quality was observed among adults aged 31 years and older but not among those aged 19 to 30 years. Among adults aged 31 years and older, those in higher quintiles of Healthy Eating Index 2015 score had significantly lower odds of elevated AL compared with the lowest quintile (P for trend < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that, in adults older than age 30 years, consuming a more healthful diet is inversely associated with AL.
Splenic artery aneurysm in the 1990s.; Splenic artery aneurysms (SAA), although rare, are the most common visceral artery aneurysms and are known for their potential for rupture. Pregnancy and portal hypertension have been known as major risk factors. With improved methods of diagnosis and minimally invasive therapy, management and outcome of SAA may change significantly. The purpose of this study was to analyze our institutional experience with SAA during the past decade. Charts of all patients (six women, three men; mean age, 60.5 [range: 31 to 81] years) with diagnoses of SAA from 1988 to 1999 were reviewed. Associated conditions included essential hypertension (6), portal hypertension (3), diabetes (1), intracranial aneurysm (1), and polyarteritis nodosa (1). Six patients were asymptomatic, and three had ruptured SAA. Diagnosis was made by angiography (2), computed tomography (3), ultrasonography (3), and exploratory laparotomy (1). Six patients underwent surgery (five required splenectomy), one had embolization, and two had no intervention. Three postoperative deaths occurred-two (intracranial aneurysm, myocardial infarction) in the first month, one (sepsis) in the ninth month. An association of liver disease with SAA was confirmed; however, no association with pregnancy was noted. Surgical treatment followed traditional methods, and mortality correlated with presence of severe comorbidity.
Health Benefits of Long-Term Weight-Loss Maintenance.; Obesity is a chronic and complex medical condition associated with a large number of complications affecting most organs and systems through multiple pathways. Strategies for weight management include behavioral, pharmacological, and surgical interventions, all of which can result in a reduction in obesity-related comorbidities and improvements in quality of life. However, subsequent weight regain often reduces the durability of these improvements. The objective of this article is to review evidence supporting the long-term effects of intentional weight loss on morbidity, mortality, quality of life, and health-care cost. Overall, considerable evidence suggests that intentional weight loss is associated with clinically relevant benefits for the majority of obesity-related comorbidities. However, the degree of weight loss that must be achieved and sustained to reap these benefits varies widely between comorbidities.
Associations between antibiotic exposure during pregnancy, birth weight and aberrant methylation at imprinted genes among offspring.; OBJECTIVES: Low birth weight (LBW) has been associated with common adult-onset chronic diseases, including obesity, cardiovascular disease, type II diabetes and some cancers. The etiology of LBW is multi-factorial. However, recent evidence suggests exposure to antibiotics may also increase the risk of LBW. The mechanisms underlying this association are unknown, although epigenetic mechanisms are hypothesized. In this study, we evaluated the association between maternal antibiotic use and LBW and examined the potential role of altered DNA methylation that controls growth regulatory imprinted genes in these associations. METHODS: Between 2009-2011, 397 pregnant women were enrolled and followed until delivery. Prenatal antibiotic use was ascertained through maternal self-report. Imprinted genes methylation levels were measured at differentially methylated regions (DMRs) using bisulfite pyrosequencing. Generalized linear models were used to examine associations among antibiotic use, birth weight and DMR methylation fractions. RESULTS: After adjusting for infant gender, race/ethnicity, maternal body mass index, delivery route, gestational weight gain, gestational age at delivery, folic acid intake, physical activity, maternal smoking and parity, antibiotic use during pregnancy was associated with 138 g lower birth weight compared with non-antibiotic use (β-coefficient=-132.99, s.e.=50.70, P=0.008). These associations were strongest in newborns of women who reported antibiotic use other than penicillins (β-coefficient=-135.57, s.e.=57.38, P=0.02). Methylation at five DMRs, IGF2 (P=0.05), H19 (P=0.15), PLAGL1 (P=0.01), MEG3 (P=0.006) and PEG3 (P=0.08), was associated with maternal antibiotic use; among these, only methylation at the PLAGL1 DMR was also associated with birth weight. CONCLUSION: We report an inverse association between in utero exposure to antibiotics and lower infant birth weight and provide the first empirical evidence supporting imprinted gene plasticity in these associations.
Hidden metabolic disturbances in women with normal glucose tolerance five years after gestational diabetes.; Background. The study aimed to assess whether women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM), despite maintenance of normal glucose tolerance (NGT) five years after delivery, display metabolic disturbances compared to healthy controls. Methods. 45 pGDM with NGT were compared to 18 women without a history of GDM (CON), matched for age (37.0 ± 4.1 versus 35.2 ± 5.3, P = ns) and BMI (24.3 ± 3.1 versus 23.3 ± 3.3, P = ns). Metabolic parameters were derived from oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests; furthermore lipid profile, C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, leptin, and glucagon were assessed. Results. Five years postpartum, pGDM had increased glucose concentrations during the OGTT (AUC: 1.12 ± 0.15 versus 1.0 ± 0.12 mol/L ∗ min, P = 0.003) and insulin sensitivity was decreased compared to CON (OGIS: 467.2 ± 64.1 versus 510.6 ± 53.1 mL/min ∗ m(2), P = 0.01). pGDM had lower adiponectin (8.1 ± 2.6 versus 12.6 ± 5.3, P < 0.008) but increased waist circumference and CRP compared to CON. Conclusions. Despite diagnosis of normal glucose tolerance, pGDM are characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance compared to healthy controls, accompanied by decreased adiponectin and increased CRP concentrations, thus linking metabolic disturbances to an increased cardiovascular risk in pGDM.
Comparison of risk factors and outcomes of gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia.; BACKGROUND: It remains an enigma whether gestational hypertension (GH) and pre-eclampsia (PE) are distinct entities or different spectrum of the same disease. We aimed to compare the risk factors and outcomes between GH and PE. METHOD: A total of 7,633 pregnant women recruited between 12 and 20 weeks of gestation in the Ottawa and Kingston Birth Cohort from 2002 to 2009 were included in the analysis. Cox proportional hazards model was used to identify and compare the risk factors for GH and PE by treating gestational age at delivery as the survival time. Logistic regression model was used to compare outcome. Subgroup analysis was performed for early- and late-onset PE. RESULTS: GH and PE shared most risk factors including overweight and obesity, nulliparity, PE history, type 1 and 2 diabetes, and twin birth. Effect size of PE history (RR = 14.1 for GH vs. RR = 6.4 for PE) and twin birth (RR = 4.8 for GH vs. RR = 10.3 for PE) showed substantial difference. Risk factors modified gestational age at delivery in patients with GH and PE in similar pattern. Subgroup analysis showed that early- and late-onset PE shared some risk factors with different effect sizes, whereas folic acid supplementation showed protective effect for early-onset PE only. PE was strongly associated with several adverse outcomes including cesarean section, placental abruption, small for gestational age, preterm birth, and 5 min Apgar score < 7, whereas GH was associated with increased risk of preterm birth only. CONCLUSIONS: GH and PE shared common risk factors. Differences in effect sizes of risk factors and outcomes indicate that the conditions may have different pathophysiology and mechanism.
PP103. Arterial stiffness in women with previous GDM - A follow up of Chinese HAPO study cohort.; INTRODUCTION: It is well known that women with history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at risk of future DM. Whether they are at a higher risk of hypertension and cardiovascular risk remained to be determined. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether Chinese women who have been diagnosed GDM according to the new IADPSG criteria have a higher risk of hypertension & arterial stiffness than women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy. METHODS: Chinese women who had participated in the HAPO study between 2001 and 2006 in Hong Kong were followed up at a median of 6years postpartum. All underwent anthropometric & BP measurements. Central systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP & DBP), augmentation index (AI) and pulse wave velocity (PWV) were assessed by using SphygmoCor(®) PVx.A total of 608 women (494 NGT, 114 GDM) were followed up till early 2012. RESULTS: Although there was no significant difference in the rate of hypertension, the central SBP (106±12 vs 102±13mmHg, p=0.03), AI (22.1±8.3 vs 18.9±8.5%, p<0.001) and PWV (6.8±1.0 vs 6.6±0.8, p=0.03) were all higher in women with history of GDM. CONCLUSION: The findings suggest a higher risk of subclinical atherosclerosis amongst women with GDM despite the blood pressure may appear normal at the time of follow up.
Organic Cation Transporter 3 Facilitates Fetal Exposure to Metformin during Pregnancy.; Metformin, an oral antihyperglycemic, is increasingly being prescribed to pregnant women with gestational diabetes. Metformin is a hydrophilic cation and relies on organic cation transporters to move across cell membranes. We previously demonstrated that human and mouse placentas predominantly express organic cation transporter 3 (OCT3), but the impact of this transporter on maternal and fetal disposition of metformin is unknown. Using immunofluorescence colocalization studies in term human placenta, we showed that OCT3 is localized to the basal (fetal-facing) membrane of syncytiotrophoblast cells with no expression on the apical (maternal-facing) membrane. OCT3 positive staining was also observed in fetal capillaries. To determine the in vivo role of OCT3 in maternal and fetal disposition of metformin, we determined metformin maternal pharmacokinetics and overall fetal exposure in wild-type and Oct3-null pregnant mice. After oral dosing of [(14)C]metformin at gestational day 19, the systemic drug exposure (AUC(0-∞)) in maternal plasma was slightly reduced by ∼16% in the Oct3(-/-) pregnant mice. In contrast, overall fetal AUC(0-∞) was reduced by 47% in the Oct3(-/-) pregnant mice. Consistent with our previous findings in nonpregnant mice, metformin tissue distribution was respectively reduced by 70% and 52% in the salivary glands and heart in Oct3(-/-) pregnant mice. Our in vivo data in mice clearly demonstrated a significant role of Oct3 in facilitating metformin fetal distribution and exposure during pregnancy. Modulation of placental OCT3 expression or activity by gestational age, genetic polymorphism, or pharmacological inhibitors may alter fetal exposure to metformin or other drugs transported by OCT3.
[The study of factors affecting ABR in high risk newborn infants].; A.B.R. was employed to examine auditory pathways in a group of 78 newborn infants at risk and one of 20 normal infants. The impaired newborn group suffered of various risk factors or pathologies: 20 premature infants, 12 undersize (small for date), 12 with breathing distress, 11 hiv positive, 5 with neonatal jaundice, 4 suffered of convulsion, 4 at risk for hereditary deafness, 4 born by mothers with mellitus diabetes, 2 with dolichocefalia, 1 with the Albers-Schomberg syndrome, 1 with congenital heart disease and 1 with congenital glycogenosis. The results of A.B.R. of the risk group were compared statistically employing the "t Student's test" with those of the group of normal infants. The influence of risk factors in the first group on alterated A.B.R. parameters was then examined using a step-by-step logistic regression analysis method. The result showed a significant increase in a latency of waves V and III and inter-waves I-V and III-V in risk infants, while wave I and I-III internals were normal. These findings appear to demonstrate that in infants at risk, brainstem acoustic pathways are more sensitive to damage than the cochlea and acoustic nerve. This could be explained by the different degree of maturation that exists between the central acoustic pathways and the coclea and acoustic nerve. Analysis of the influence of pathologies and risk factors on A.B.R. indicate that birth weight followed by chronological age and length of the gestation period are significant in the development of A.B.R. alterations. The Albers-Schomberg syndrome, dolicocephalia, microcephalia, congenital glicogenosys, hiv infection, breathing difficulty and neonatal jaundice proved to be the main pathologies responsible for bringing about A.B.R. alterations.
Epigenomic and metabolic responses of hypothalamic POMC neurons to gestational nicotine exposure in adult offspring.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiological and animal studies have reported that prenatal nicotine exposure (PNE) leads to obesity and type-2 diabetes in offspring. Central leptin-melanocortin signaling via hypothalamic arcuate proopiomelanocortin (POMC) neurons is crucial for the regulation of energy and glucose balance. Furthermore, hypothalamic POMC neurons were recently found to mediate the anorectic effects of nicotine through activation of acetylcholine receptors. Here, we hypothesized that PNE impairs leptin-melanocortinergic regulation of energy balance in first-generation offspring by altering expression of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) putatively regulating development and/or function of hypothalamic POMC neurons. METHODS: C57BL/6J females were exposed ad libitum to nicotine through drinking water and crossed with C57BL/6J males. Nicotine exposure was sustained during pregnancy and discontinued at parturition. Offspring development was monitored from birth into adulthood. From the age of 8 weeks, central leptin-melanocortin signaling, diabetes, and obesity susceptibility were assessed in male offspring fed a low-fat or high-fat diet for 16 weeks. Nicotine-exposed and non-exposed C57BL/6J females were also crossed with C57BL/6J males expressing the enhanced green fluorescent protein specifically in POMC neurons. Transgenic male offspring were subjected to laser microdissections and RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) analysis of POMC neurons for determination of nicotine-induced gene expression changes and regulatory lncRNA/protein-coding gene interactions. RESULTS: Contrary to expectation based on previous studies, PNE did not impair but rather enhanced leptin-melanocortinergic regulation of energy and glucose balance via POMC neurons in offspring. RNA-seq of laser microdissected POMC neurons revealed only one consistent change, upregulation of Gm15851, a lncRNA of yet unidentified function, in nicotine-exposed offspring. RNA-seq further suggested 82 cis-regulatory lncRNA/protein-coding gene interactions, 19 of which involved coding genes regulating neural development and/or function, and revealed expression of several previously unidentified metabolic, neuroendocrine, and neurodevelopment pathways in POMC neurons. CONCLUSIONS: PNE does not result in obesity and type 2 diabetes but instead enhances leptin-melanocortinergic feeding and body weight regulation via POMC neurons in adult offspring. PNE leads to selective upregulation of Gm15851, a lncRNA, in adult offspring POMC neurons. POMC neurons express several lncRNAs and pathways possibly regulating POMC neuronal development and/or function.
Diabetes in the United Kingdom: a personal series.; A personal series of 6780 patients with diabetes mellitus is reported. Of these 1410 were thought to have insulin-dependent (Type 1) diabetes and 4926 non-insulin-dependent (Type 2) diabetes. Among the former, 128 patients were only diagnosed when in severe ketoacidosis or coma. In 116 patients the diabetes was diagnosed in pregnancy. Chronic alcoholism was an aetiological factor in 75 patients; in 52 it led to the diagnosis being made, and it complicated treatment in 129 additional patients. In the patients with Type 2 diabetes whose treatment was stabilized 23.5% were having insulin injections, 44.5% tablets, and 32.0% diet only. Sight-threatening retinopathy developed in 21.3% of patients with Type 1 and 7.9% of those with Type 2 diabetes. The rate of developing sight-threatening retinopathy was 1.1% of patients per year. Blindness occurred in 0.28% of patients with Type 1 diabetes per year and 0.097% per year in Type 2 diabetes. If the mean survival of patients with retinopathy going blind is 7.5 years, this would mean 7500 people in the UK blind from diabetic retinopathy. There was a striking drop in the annual incidence of blindness after 1970 coinciding with the introduction of specific treatment for diabetic retinopathy. Juvenile cataract developed in 1.7% of patients who developed Type 1 diabetes before 30 years of age. Clinically important diabetic neuropathy developed in 17.4% of patients with Type 1 and 11.6% of those with Type 2 diabetes. The main features were paraesthesiae and numbness (49%), neuropathic ulceration (37%), pain (5%), autonomic symptoms (5%), and amyotrophy (4%). Oculomotor palsies and mononeuropathies were noted. Foot ulceration occurred in 81 patients with Type 1 and 279 of those with Type 2 diabetes. Charcot changes in the feet were noted in 21 patients. Major amputations were needed in 18 patients with Type 1 and 60 with Type 2 diabetes. Proteinuria believed to be due to diabetic nephropathy developed in 12.8% of patients with Type 1 and 4.7% of those with Type 2 diabetes. The prevalence of early renal failure was 4.6% and 1.4%, respectively. Coronary artery disease was noted in 9% of patients with Type 1 diabetes, and was more common in those who developed diabetes after 20 years of age. Myocardial infarction was as common in women as in men. In Type 2 diabetes coronary artery disease gave rise to symptoms in 19.1%, and myocardial infarction was more common in men.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Basal Plate Myometrial Fibers and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Case-Control Study.; Introduction Basal plate myometrium (BPMYO), the pathological presence of myometrial fibers in the basal plate, is a common finding on pathological examination of the placenta, yet its clinical correlates are not well studied. As myometrial fibers are frequently located in proximity to poorly converted maternal spiral arteries, our objective was to determine whether BPMYO is associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), a well-known clinical sequela of abnormal maternal artery remodeling. Methods This case-control study included women who delivered a live-born singleton gestation whose placentas were sent for pathological examination. Cases were women with HDP (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or HELLP syndrome) as defined by American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Controls were women without HDP. Women with chronic hypertension were excluded. The primary outcome was the presence of BPMYO. Secondary outcomes included the pathologic stage of BPMYO and the incidence of pathologically defined accreta. Each outcome was compared between cases and controls in bivariable and multivariable analyses. Results Of the 306 women who met inclusion criteria, 230 (75%) had HDP. BPMYO was present in 99 (32%) of placentas. Compared to controls, cases were younger, had higher body mass index, and were more likely to have diabetes, be nulliparous, deliver preterm, and have had a prior cesarean. There were no differences in the incidence of BPMYO, stage of BPMYO, or incidence of pathologically defined accreta between cases and controls. These findings persisted after controlling for potential confounders. Conclusions Although BPMYO may be more common in the setting of abnormal placental vasculature, there is no significant association between BPMYO and HDP.
Thromboembolic events in beta thalassemia major: an Italian multicenter study.; Thromboembolic (TE) events have been frequently reported in beta-thalassemic patients in association with known risk factors such as diabetes, complex cardiopulmonary abnormalities, hypothyroidism, liver function anomalies, and postsplenectomy thrombocytosis. In a recent survey involving 9 Italian thalassemic centers, we identified 32 patients with TE episodes in a total of 735 subjects, of whom 683 had thalassemia major and 52 thalassemia intermedia, corresponding to 3.95 and 9.61%, respectively. There was a great variation in localization: the main one (16/32) was CNS, with a clinical picture of headache, seizures and hemiparesis. Other localizations were the pulmonary (3 patients), mesenteric (1 patient) and portal (2 patients) sites. There were 6 cases of deep venous thrombosis (2 in the upper limbs, 4 in the lower ones). Intracardiac thrombosis was found in 2 subjects and clinical and laboratory signs of DIC were observed in 2 others during pregnancy. Since our patients with TE events present a statistically significantly higher incidence of associated dysfunction (cardiomyopathy, diabetes, liver function anomalies, hypothyroidism) than those without TE events (50 vs. 13.8%), we suggest close monitoring of those patients who are at higher risk of developing TE events because of the presence of one or more of these predisposing factors.
[Protein Z deficiency in unexplained affinity to thromboses, bleedings or abortions].; A protein Z deficiency is presumably related with a threefold risk of venous and arterial thrombosis. Mucosal bleedings and post-operative haematomas can occur more frequently. This is seen in an increased in vivo bleeding time without other plasmatic coagulation disorders or thrombopathies. Pregnancy complications, especially abortions before the 15th week of gestation, are described as well. PATIENTS, METHODS: Since May 2011 the plasmatic concentration of protein Z has been tested in 684 patients of the Hämostaseologicum. RESULTS: In 74 patients a protein Z deficiency has been found. In other 45 patients protein Z was reduced because of the intake of phenprocoumon or coumadin. Of the 74 patients with diminished protein Z concentration 39 were marginally decreased (protein Z 1000-1500 µg/l). Of the 35 patients with a protein Z concentration <1000 µg/l 12 had had a thrombosis before (6 strokes, 3 DVT or PE, 1 arterial thrombosis, 1 retinal branch vein occlusion, 1 acute hearing loss). 7 had arterial hypertension, 2 suffered from diabetes mellitus. Of the patients who had a thrombosis 6 had a heterozygous factor V Leiden mutation. 10 had a microcirculation disorder (Raynaud's phenomenon), 4 had had bleeding complications before, 3 had a von Willebrand disease type I, 6 patients had had abortions and 4 were healthy. Of the 39 patients with protein Z concentrations between 1000 and 1500 µg/l 18 had experienced a thrombosis before (9 DVT or PE, 3 myocardial infarctions, 1 CHD, 3 strokes, 1 retinal branch vein occlusion, 1 PAOD I, 1 tinnitus). 5 additionally had arterial hypertension. 13 suffered from Raynaud's phenomenon, of which 7 had a hypotension. Of the patients with thromboses 3 had a heterozygous factor V Leiden mutation and one a protein C deficiency. 7 patients had had an abortion before. Bleeding complications were seen in 4 patients, of which 3 suffered from von Willebrand disease type 1.
Vaccines for persons at high risk, 2007.; Morbidity and mortality due to vaccine-preventable diseases are high among persons with underlying medical conditions. Thus, inactivated influenza and pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines are recommended for individuals with cardiac disease, diabetes mellitus, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, immunosuppression, and other chronic illnesses. Inactivated influenza vaccine is recommended for pregnant women and for persons with asthma and neuromuscular disease. Palivizumab, a respiratory syncytial virus immunoglobulin preparation, is recommended for certain infants with prematurity and chronic lung disease. Health care workers are at high risk for acquiring and transmitting hepatitis B, pertussis, measles, varicella, and influenza; hence, vaccination against these diseases is recommended. A signed declination is recommended for health care workers who refuse influenza vaccination.
[Drinking water hardness and chronic degenerative diseases. I. Analysis of epidemiological research].; For many years a causal relation between drinking water hardness and cardiovascular or other chronic degenerative diseases in humans has been hypothesized. In order to evaluate the association between the concentration of minerals (calcium and magnesium) responsible for the hardness of drinking water and human health, a review of all the articles published on the subject from 1980 up to today has been carried out. The retrieved articles have been divided into 4 categories: geographic correlation studies, cross-sectional studies, case-control and cohort studies, and clinical trials. The methods for the selection of the articles and the extraction and analysis of the data are detailed in this paper. Epidemiological studies have been reviewed critically, and some conclusions have been drawn taking into account the research in basic sciences and experimental studies. However, a formal meta-analysis has not been performed, due to the heterogeneity of measures of effect among the different studies.
Contraceptive choices in medically ill adolescents.; More than 50% of all women in the United States have had sexual intercourse by 18 years of age. Up to one half of these adolescents do not use contraception at first intercourse. Although chronically ill adolescents may differ slightly from these norms, such differences are probably minor. Prevention of adolescent pregnancy remains a challenge in the medical community, and this can be especially difficult for the chronically ill adolescent. In some cases, medications taken for certain chronic conditions may alter the effectiveness of hormonal contraception, and pregnancy in these cases may pose substantial risks to the mother as well as her fetus.
Periodontal Disease and Other Adverse Health Outcomes Share Risk Factors, including Dietary Factors and Vitamin D Status.; For nearly a century, researchers have associated periodontal disease (PD) with risks of other adverse health outcomes such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and respiratory diseases, as well as adverse pregnancy outcomes. Those findings have led to the hypothesis that PD causes those adverse health outcomes either by increasing systemic inflammation or by the action of periodontopathic bacteria. However, experiments largely failed to support that hypothesis. Instead, the association is casual, not causal, and is due to shared underlying modifiable risk factors, including smoking, diet, obesity, low levels of physical activity, and low vitamin D status. Diabetes mellitus is also considered a risk factor for PD, whereas red and processed meat are the most important dietary risk factors for diabetes. Because PD generally develops before other adverse health outcomes, a diagnosis of PD can alert patients that they could reduce the risk of adverse health outcomes with lifestyle changes. In addition, type 2 diabetes mellitus can often be reversed rapidly by adopting an anti-inflammatory, nonhyperinsulinemic diet that emphasizes healthful, whole plant-based foods. This review describes the evidence that proinflammatory and prohyperinsulinemia diets and low vitamin D status are important risk factors for PD and other adverse health outcomes. We also make recommendations regarding dietary patterns, food groups, and serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentrations. Oral health professionals should routinely inform patients with PD that they could reduce their risk of severe PD as well as the risks of many other adverse health outcomes by making appropriate lifestyle changes.
A multicentre study of 244 pregnancies in undifferentiated connective tissue disease: maternal/fetal outcomes and disease evolution.; OBJECTIVES: To investigate fetal/perinatal and maternal outcomes from a large multicentre cohort of women diagnosed with UCTD. METHODS: This multicentre retrospective cohort study describes the outcomes of 224 pregnancies in 133 consecutive women with a diagnosis of UCTD, positive for ANA and aged <45 years old at study inclusion. RESULTS: Of the 224 pregnancies analysed, 177 (79%) resulted in live births, 45 (20.1%) in miscarriages (defined as pregnancy loss before 12 weeks' gestation), 2 (0.9%) in stillbirths (pregnancy loss after 20 weeks' gestation) and 6 (2.7%) cases showed intrauterine growth restriction. Miscarriages and stillbirths were strongly associated with the presence of aPL and ENA antibodies (P < 0.05). Maternal pregnancy complications were as follows: 5 (2.2%) cases developed pre-eclampsia, 11 (4.9%) cases gestational hypertension and 12 (5.4%) cases gestational diabetes. Joint involvement represented the most frequent clinical manifestation of the cohort (57.9%), followed by RP (40.6%), photosensitivity (32.3%) and haematological manifestations (27.1%). The rate of disease evolution of our cohort from a diagnosis of UCTD to a diagnosis of definite CTD was 12% within a mean time of 5.3 ± 2.8 years. With a total follow-up after first pregnancy of 1417 patient-years, we observed the evolution to a defined CTD in one out of every 88 patient- years. CONCLUSION: In our multicentre cohort, women with UCTD had a live birth rate of 79%. Women with UCTD should be referred to specialist follow-up when planning a pregnancy. ENA profiling and aPL testing should be mandatory in this setting, and further therapeutic approaches and management should be planned accordingly.
Can allostatic load in pregnancy explain the association between race and subsequent cardiovascular disease risk: A cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the relationship between allostatic load, a measure of cumulative chronic stress in early pregnancy and cardiovascular disease risk, 2-7 years postpartum, and pathways contributing to racial disparities in cardiovascular disease risk. DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study. SETTING MULTICENTER POPULATION: Pregnant women. METHODS: Our primary exposure was high allostatic load in the first trimester, defined as at least 4 of 12 biomarkers (systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, body mass index, cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, triglycerides, insulin, glucose, creatinine and albumin) in the unfavourable quartile. Logistic regression was used to test the association between high allostatic load and main outcome adjusted for confounders: time from index pregnancy and follow up, age, education, smoking, gravidity, bleeding in the first trimester, index adverse pregnancy outcomes, and health insurance. Each main outcome component and allostatic load were analysed secondarily. Mediation and moderation analyses assessed the role of high allostatic load in racial disparities of cardiovascular disease risk. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Incident cardiovascular disease risk: hypertension, or metabolic disorders. RESULTS: Cardiovascular disease risk was identified in 1462/4022 individuals (hypertension: 36.6%, metabolic disorder: 15.4%). After adjustment, allostatic load was associated with cardiovascular disease risk (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.0, 95% CI 1.8-2.3), hypertension (aOR 2.1, 95% CI 1.8-2.4) and metabolic disorder (aOR 1.7, 95% CI 1.5-2.1). Allostatic load was a partial mediator between race and cardiovascular disease risk. Race did not significantly moderate this relationship. CONCLUSIONS: High allostatic load during pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular disease risk. The relationships between stress, subsequent cardiovascular risk and race warrant further study.
Manually Controlled, Continuous Infusion of Phenylephrine or Norepinephrine for Maintenance of Blood Pressure and Cardiac Output During Spinal Anesthesia for Cesarean Delivery: A Double-Blinded Randomized Study.; BACKGROUND: To counteract the vasoplegia induced by spinal anesthesia (SA) and maintain blood pressure (BP) during cesarean delivery, phenylephrine is currently recommended, but norepinephrine might offer superior preservation of cardiac output. We aimed to compare the hemodynamic effects of phenylephrine and norepinephrine administered by manually adjusted continuous infusion during elective cesarean delivery. METHODS: In this pragmatic, parallel-group, double-blind randomized controlled trial, 124 parturients scheduled for elective cesarean delivery under SA in a tertiary maternity in France, between February 2019 and December 2020, were randomized to receive norepinephrine at a starting rate of 0.05 μg·kg -1 ·min -1 (n = 62) or phenylephrine at a starting rate of 0.5 μg·kg -1 ·min -1 (n = 62). In both groups, the vasopressor infusion rate was then manually adjusted to maintain maternal systolic BP above 90% of the baseline value. The primary outcome, the change in cardiac index (CI) measured by thoracic bioreactance from SA to umbilical cord clamping, was analyzed through repeated measures analysis of variance and post hoc t tests. Secondary outcomes included maternal BP and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: In the norepinephrine group, cardiac index was maintained between 90% and 100% of baseline from SA to umbilical cord clamping, whereas it was maintained at significantly lower values (81%-88%) in the phenylephrine group ( P = .001). The percentage of elapsed time with a mean maternal BP <65 mm Hg and with systolic BP <80% of the baseline value was higher in the phenylephrine group: 2.9% (7.3) vs 0.5% (1.8) (absolute risk difference [ARD], -2.4%; 95% confidence interval, -4.4 to -0.5; P = .012) and 8.5% (16.6) vs 2.3% (5.2) (ARD, -6.2%; 95% confidence interval, -10.6 to -1.8; P = .006). Excluding parturients with gestational diabetes, severe neonatal hypoglycemia was more common in the phenylephrine group at 19.6% (9/46) vs 4.1% (2/49) ( P = .02). The other neonatal outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: When administered by manually adjusted infusion during SA for cesarean delivery, norepinephrine was associated with a higher CI; both infusions were effective for maintaining BP.
The influence of prenatal exercise and pre-eclampsia on maternal vascular function.; During healthy pregnancy, the cardiovascular system undergoes diverse adaptations to support adequate transfer of oxygen and nutrients from mother to fetus. In order to accommodate the large expansion of blood volume and associated cardiac output, the structure, mechanics, and function of the arteries are altered. Specifically, in healthy pregnancy there is a remodeling of arteries (increased angiogenesis and vasodilation), a generalized reduction in arterial stiffness (increased compliance), and an enhanced endothelial function. The development of pregnancy complications, specifically pre-eclampsia, is associated with poor placentation (decreased angiogenesis), increased arterial stiffness, and vascular dysfunction (reduced endothelial function). Many of the positive adaptations that occur in healthy pregnancy are enhanced in response to chronic exercise. Specifically, placental angiogenesis and endothelial function have been shown to improve to a greater extent in women who are active during their pregnancy compared with those who are not. Prenatal exercise may be important in helping to reduce the risk of vascular dysfunction in pregnancy. However, our knowledge of the vascular adaptations resulting from maternal exercise is limited. This review highlights maternal vascular adaptations occurring during healthy pregnancy, and contrasts the vascular maladaptation associated with pre-eclampsia. Finally, we discuss the role of prenatal exercise on vascular function in the potential prevention of vascular complications associated with pre-eclampsia.
[Participant Characteristics in the Kumamoto University Regional Center of Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS): Association of Pregnancy Outcomes with Pregestational Maternal Body Mass Index and Maternal Weight Gain during Pregnancy].; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study was to identify participant characteristics in the Kumamoto University Regional Center of the Japan Environment and Children's Study (K-JECS) and to investigate the association of pregnancy outcomes with pregestational maternal body mass index (BMI) and maternal weight gain during pregnancy (MWG). METHODS: The subjects were women with singleton birth, who had been recruited by the K-JECS, and were registered in the data systems for the first and second questionnaires and transcripts of medical records. The subjects were categorized by BMI with further classification by MWG. The chi-squared test and one-way analysis of variance were performed to determine the correlations of BMI and MWG with perinatal outcomes. Logistic regression analysis was performed to examine perinatal outcome risks. RESULTS: The subject characteristics were similar to the trends observed in the Japanese general population. The odds ratio for natural delivery was low in the overweight groups (OW) and normal weight groups (NW) with excessive weight gain. On the other hand, the risk of cesarean section was high in the OW, and risk of induced or accelerated delivery was high in the NW with excessive weight gain. The risks of preterm birth and LBW were high in the insufficient weight gain groups regardless of BMI. The risks of pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes were high in the OW.
Long-term metabolic consequences of being born small for gestational age.; This review highlights the evidence of linking small for gestational age (SGA) with metabolic/cardiovascular disturbances (dysmetabolic syndrome) in later life. The metabolic and cardiovascular complications associated with in utero undernutrition have been identified during the past 10 yr. Reduced fetal growth is independently associated with an increased risk of the development of cardiovascular diseases, the insulin-resistance syndrome, or one of its components: hypertension, dyslipidemia, impaired glucose tolerance, or type 2 diabetes. All of them appear to result from the initial development of insulin-resistance which appears as a key component underlying the metabolic complications. Although the mechanism remains unclear, there is some evidence that argues in favor of an active contribution of the adipose tissue in the emergence of insulin-resistance associated with in utero undernutrition, but this hypothesis remains to be further documented. From a broader point of view, several hypotheses have been proposed over the past 10 yr to understand this unexpected association. Each of them points to either a detrimental fetal environment or genetic susceptibilities or interactions between these two components as playing a critical role in this context. Although not confirmed, the hypothesis suggesting that this association could be the consequence of genetic/environmental interactions remains at the moment the most attractive.
Midpregnancy serum C-peptide concentration and subsequent pregnancy-induced hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To test the hypothesis that elevated midpregnancy serum insulin (IRI) and C-peptide (CP) concentrations are associated with later development of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), independent of prepregnancy obesity and midpregnancy blood pressure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In this prospective study, a cohort of normotensive women, ages > or = years performed a 50-g glucose challenge test at 24-30 weeks' gestational age. Blood samples were collected after an overnight fast and 1 h after glucose ingestion. Serum IRI and CP concentrations were measured in each sample. Maternal height, blood pressure and proteinuria were measured at the time of glucose challenge testing and after 36 weeks' gestational age. RESULTS: Of 320 subjects enrolled 44 women (13.8%) had subsequent PIH. Crude odds ratios (ORs) for devevelopment of PIH associated with each 1 U rise in log fasting IRI, log lasting CP. and glucosed-induced increase in CP (expressed as log [postprandial CP/fasting CP]) were 2.0 (95% CI 1.3-3.3), 1.8 (CI 1.2-2.7), and 2.3 (CI 1.1-4.9) respectively. After controlling for prepregnancy BMI, gestational age, and midpregnancy mean arterial pressure, adjusted ORs corresponding to log fastig IRI and CP for the development of PIH were 1.3 (95% CI 0.7-2.3) and 1.7 (CI 1.1-2.7) respectively, and, afterq adjustment for fasting CP, the adjusted OR of the glucose-induced rise in log CP was 3.7 (CI 1.5-9.3). CONCLUSIONS: Mid-pregnancy tasting and postoral glucose CP levels are associated with subsequent development of PIH, independent of maternal obesity and midpregnancy baseline blood pressure. These findings many reflect an amplified beta3-cell response to glycemic stimulus, similar to that found in states of insulin resistance, that appears to be independently associated with PIH.
A pharmacist-managed cardiovascular risk-reduction clinic for individuals experiencing serious mental illness.; OBJECTIVES: This retrospective analysis sought to: (1) characterize a cardiovascular risk-reduction clinic (CVRRC) patient population with serious mental illness (SMI); (2) analyze clinical outcomes of CVRRC patients over a 2-year period; and (3) compare outcomes for individuals prescribed different antipsychotic treatments in the CVRRC patient population over a 2-year period. EVALUATION METHODS: In 2016, A pharmacist-managed CVRRC was implemented within a primary care clinic for patients with SMI. The CVRRC operates under a collaborative practice agreement allowing the pharmacist to initiate and change medications and order laboratory tests. Baseline data collected included demographic information, referring provider, tobacco use, and 10-year atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk. Data collected at subsequent visits included date of visit, A1C, estimated average glucose (eAG), blood pressure, weight, body mass index, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, statin and dose, tobacco use, amount smoked, and current antipsychotic treatment. Number of times that treatment for diabetes was initiated or intensified by the pharmacist or primary care provider was also collected. IMPACT OF INNOVATION: A total of 101 patients were referred to the CVRRC over the 2-year period. Of these, 81 (80.2%) had at least 1 subsequent visit and were included in the A1C analysis. CVRRC patients had a statistically significant improvement in A1C over time. Mean A1C decreased by an increment of 0.06% for each month increase in follow-up time (P < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in A1C values between patients on different antipsychotic treatments (P = 0.74). CONCLUSION: The pharmacist-managed CVRRC demonstrated beneficial outcomes for individuals diagnosed with diabetes and SMI. Results provide promising evidence supporting future larger studies to confirm these findings. Considering the morbidity and mortality disparities for individuals with SMI, health care organizations should consider similar models to improve diabetes outcomes.
Association of Maternal Plasma Folate and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy with Elevated Blood Pressure of Offspring in Childhood.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of childhood elevated blood pressure (BP) has increased in the United States, particularly among African Americans. The influence of maternal plasma folate levels, alone or in combination with maternal cardiometabolic risk factors (hypertensive disorders, diabetes, and prepregnancy obesity), on child systolic BP (SBP) has not been examined in a prospective birth cohort. We hypothesize that adequate maternal folate levels can reduce the risk of elevated SBP in children born to mothers with cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: This study included 1,290 mother-child dyads (875 African Americans (67.8%)) recruited at birth and followed prospectively up to age 9 years from 2003 to 2014 at the Boston Medical Center. Child SBP percentile was calculated according to US reference data and elevated SBP was defined as SBP ≥75th percentile. RESULTS: Maternal folate levels, overall, were not associated with child SBP. However, we found a significant multiplicative interaction between maternal cardiometabolic risk factors and maternal folate levels (Pinteraction = 0.015) on childhood elevated SBP. Among children born to mothers with any cardiometabolic risk factors, those whose mothers had folate levels above (vs. below) the median had 40% lower odds of elevated childhood SBP (odds ratio = 0.60, 95% confidence interval: 0.40-0.90). The associations did not differ appreciably in analyses restricted to African Americans, and they were not explained by gestational age, size at birth, prenatal folate intake, or breastfeeding. CONCLUSIONS: Findings from our urban minority birth cohort suggest that higher levels of maternal folate may help counteract the adverse associations of maternal cardiometabolic risk factors on child SBP.
IGF2 stimulates fetal growth in a sex- and organ-dependent manner.; BackgroundInsulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF2) is a key determinant of fetal growth, and the altered expression of IGF2 is implicated in fetal growth disorders and maternal metabolic derangements including gestational diabetes. Here we studied how increased levels of IGF2 in late pregnancy affect fetal growth.MethodsWe employed a rat model of repeated intrafetal IGF2 administration in late pregnancy, i.e., during GD19-GD21, and measured the consequences on fetal organ weight and expression of insulin/IGF-axis components.ResultsIGF2 treatment tended to increase fetal weight, but only weight increase of the fetal stomach reached significance (+33±9%; P<0.01). Sex-dependent data analysis revealed a sexual dimorphism of IGF2 action. In male fetuses, IGF2 administration significantly increased fetal weight (+13±3%; P<0.05) and weight of fetal stomach (+42±10%; P<0.01), intestine (+26±5%; P<0.05), liver (+13±4%; P<0.05), and pancreas (+25±8%; P<0.05). Weights of heart, lungs, and kidneys were unchanged. In female fetuses, IGF2 increased only stomach weight (+26±9%; P<0.05). Furthermore, gene expression of insulin/IGF axis in the heart, lungs, liver, and stomach was more sensitive toward IGF2 treatment in male than in female fetuses.ConclusionData suggest that elevated circulating IGF2 in late pregnancy predominantly stimulates organ growth of the digestive system, and male fetuses are more susceptible toward the IGF2 effects than female fetuses.
[Side effects of caffeine].; Caffeine is one of the most commonly ingested alkaloids worldwide. It is present in coffee, tea, soft and energy drinks, chocolate, etc. Currently published data has been stressed that the metyloxantine consumption increases the risk of coronary heart disease, arterial hypertension, arterial stiffness, and an elevation of cholesterol and homocysteine plasma concentration. The acute high consumption may also modulate insulin sensitivity and glucose blood level. However, the long-term consumption reduces the incidence of the type 2 diabetes mellitus. When administered in high doses the substance may cause various side effects, related to abnormal stimulation of the central nervous system, decrease tonus of the lower esophageal sphincter, as well as increase risk of miscarriage and intrauterine growth retardation. The final manifestation of side reactions is dependent on the genotype, especially polymorphisms of genes associated with caffeine metabolism, i.e., cytochrome P450-CYP1A2 and catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT).
Community-Level Factors are Predictors of Severe Maternal Morbidity Among American Indian and Alaska Native Pregnant People in the Pacific Northwest in a Multilevel Logistic Regression.; INTRODUCTION: American Indian/Alaska Native (AI/AN) pregnant people face barriers to health and healthcare that put them at risk of pregnancy complications. Rates of severe maternal morbidity (SMM) among Indigenous pregnant people are estimated to be twice that of non-Hispanic White (NHW) pregnant people. METHODS: Race-corrected Oregon Hospital Discharge and Washington Comprehensive Hospital Abstract Reporting System data were combined to create a joint dataset of births between 2012 and 2016. The analytic sample was composed of 12,535 AI/AN records and 313,046 NHW records. A multilevel logistic regression was used to assess the relationship between community-level, individual and pregnancy risk factors on SMM for AI/AN pregnant people. RESULTS: At the community level, AI/AN pregnant people were more likely than NHW to live in mostly or completely rural counties with low median household income and high uninsured rates. They were more likely to use Medicaid, be in a high-risk age category, and have diabetes or obesity. During pregnancy, AI/AN pregnant people were more likely to have insufficient prenatal care (PNC), gestational diabetes, and pre-eclampsia. In the multilevel model, county accounted for 6% of model variance. Hypertension pre-eclampsia, and county rurality were significant predictors of SMM among AI/AN pregnant people. High-risk age, insufficient PNC and a low county insured rate were near-significant at p < 0.10. DISCUSSION: Community-level factors are significant contributors to SMM risk for AI/AN pregnant people in addition to hypertension and pre-eclampsia. These findings demonstrate the need for targeted support in pregnancy to AI/AN pregnant people, particularly those who live in rural and underserved communities.
Gene expression profile in cardiovascular disease and preeclampsia: a meta-analysis of the transcriptome based on raw data from human studies deposited in Gene Expression Omnibus.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) and preeclampsia (PE) share common clinical features. We aimed to identify common transcriptomic signatures involved in CVD and PE in humans. METHODS: Meta-analysis of individual raw microarray data deposited in GEO, obtained from blood samples of patients with CVD versus controls and placental samples from women with PE versus healthy women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Annotation of cases versus control samples was taken directly from the microarray documentation. Genes that showed a significant differential expression in the majority of experiments were selected for subsequent analysis. Hypergeometric gene list analysis was performed using Bioconductor GOstats package. Bioinformatic analysis was performed in PANTHER. RESULTS: Seven studies in CVD and 5 studies in PE were eligible for meta-analysis. A total of 181 genes were found to be differentially expressed in microarray studies investigating gene expression in blood samples obtained from patients with CVD compared to controls and 925 genes were differentially expressed between preeclamptic and healthy placentas. Among these differentially expressed genes, 22 were common between CVD and PE. DISCUSSION: Bioinformatic analysis of these genes revealed oxidative stress, p-53 pathway feedback, inflammation mediated by chemokines and cytokines, interleukin signaling, B-cell activation, PDGF signaling, Wnt signaling, integrin signaling and Alzheimer disease pathways to be involved in the pathophysiology of both CVD and PE. Metabolism, development, response to stimulus, immune response and cell communication were the associated biologic processes in both conditions. Gene set enrichment analysis showed the following overlapping pathways between CVD and PE: TGF-β-signaling, apoptosis, graft-versus-host disease, allograft rejection, chemokine signaling, steroid hormone synthesis, type I and II diabetes mellitus, VEGF signaling, pathways in cancer, GNRH signaling, Huntingtons disease and Notch signaling. CONCLUSION: CVD and PE share same common traits in their gene expression profile indicating common pathways in their pathophysiology.
Beyond reproduction: women's health in today's developing world.; BACKGROUND: The concept of women's health is tethered strongly to reproductive health. At present, international attention and resources are focused on obstetric events and, recently, HIV/AIDS because of the significance of these problems in the least developed nations. This limited concept of women's health, however, is decreasingly relevant to the global community, and needs to be revisited in the light of decreasing fertility and increasing life expectancy in many countries where it was previously applicable. It should be expanded to embrace the full spectrum of health experienced by women, and preventive and remedial approaches to the major conditions that afflict women. Allocation of health service resources should be aligned with the epidemiological realities of these threats to women's health. METHODS: Cause of death data for women aged 15-34 years and 35-44 years were examined for nine less developed countries. Deaths associated with pregnancy and child birth, and HIV were compared with deaths due to three chronic disease categories (cancer, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes). The women's health research literature for developing countries appearing in the American Journal of Public Health and British Medical Journal was also examined. RESULTS: In seven out of the nine countries, among women aged 15-34 years, chronic diseases caused over 20% of deaths, while reproductive causes and HIV together accounted for approximately 10% of deaths, in all countries except in India. Among women aged 35-44 years, in all but India, chronic diseases accounted for over four times the deaths attributable to reproductive causes and HIV. The causes of death were not related to the level of development in these countries as measured by GNI PPP. Papers pertaining to women's health published in public health and medical research journals focused principally on reproduction. CONCLUSIONS: Extending the definition of women's health to include a concern for chronic diseases is critical if the needs of women in less developed nations are to be met. In less developed countries, chronic disease is the most important cause of female death even during childbearing years and for women with young families. Development agencies and private philanthropy must begin to fund the studies that will further refine our understanding of the role of chronic diseases in women's health in the developing world.
The male biological clock is ticking: a review of the literature.; The term biological clock is usually used by physicians and psychologists to refer to the declining fertility, increasing risk of fetal birth defects and alterations to hormone levels experienced by women as they age. Female fecundity declines slowly after the age of 30 years and more rapidly after 40 and is considered the main limiting factor in treating infertility. However, there are several scientific reports, chapters in books and review articles suggesting that men may also have a biological clock. The aim of our study was to conduct a review of the literature, based on the Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System Online (Medline), to evaluate the male biological clock. After adjustments for other factors, the data demonstrate that the likelihood that a fertile couple will take more than 12 months to conceive nearly doubles from 8% when the man is < 25 years old to 15% when he is > 35 years old. Thus, paternal age is a further factor to be taken into account when deciding on the prognosis for infertile couples. Also, increasing male age is associated with a significant decline in fertility (five times longer to achieve pregnancy at the age of 45 years). Patients and their physicians therefore need to understand the effects of the male biological clock on sexual and reproductive health, in that it leads to erectile dysfunction and male infertility, as well as its potential implications for important medical conditions such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
Seizing the Window of Opportunity Within 1 Year Postpartum: Early Cardiovascular Screening.; Background Our objective was to assess new chronic hypertension 6 to 12 months postpartum for those with hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) compared with normotensive participants. Methods and Results We performed a prospective cohort study of participants with singleton gestations and no known preexisting medical conditions who were diagnosed with HDP compared with normotensive women with no pregnancy complications (non-HDP). Participants underwent cardiovascular risk assessment 6 to 12 months after delivery. Primary outcome was onset of new chronic hypertension at 6 to 12 months postpartum. We also examined lipid values, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes, diabetes, and 30-year cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to assess the association between HDP and odds of a postpartum diagnosis of chronic hypertension while adjusting for parity, body mass index, insurance, and family history of CVD. There were 58 participants in the HDP group and 51 participants in the non-HDP group. Baseline characteristics between groups were not statistically different. Participants in the HDP group had 4-fold adjusted odds of developing a new diagnosis of chronic hypertension 6 to 12 months after delivery, compared with those in the non-HDP group (adjusted odds ratio, 4.60 [95% CI, 1.65-12.81]), when adjusting for body mass index, parity, family history of CVD, and insurance. Of the HDP group, 58.6% (n=34) developed new chronic hypertension. Participants in the HDP group had increased estimated 30-year CVD risk and were more likely to have metabolic syndrome, a higher fasting blood glucose, and higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusions Participants without known underlying medical conditions who develop HDP have 4-fold increased odds of new diagnosis of chronic hypertension by 6 to 12 months postpartum as well as increased 30-year CVD risk scores. Implementation of multidisciplinary care models focused on CVD screening, patient education, and lifestyle interventions during the first year postpartum may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy for the development of CVD.
Gender discrimination for women with diabetes mellitus in Algeria.; BACKGROUND: Nowadays diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the greatest global challenges. Its expansion varies from an area to another according to genetic, traditions, socio-economic conditions, and stress. In Algeria, as in other emerging countries undergoing an epidemiological transition, noncommunicable diseases are sharply increasing. After high blood pressure, DM is now the second metabolic disease. But are women more concerned by DM since obesity frequency is higher in females? Can we assert that there is a sort of sex discrimination for DM complications? MATERIALS AND METHODS: To answer these questions we took into account published documents carried in Algerian population. But, as those were very scarce, we also considered newspapers articles, some documents published by health minister department, posters and oral communications of the Algerian Society of Endocrinology and Diabetology, and our clinical experience. We also have done a small survey to get our patients' opinions. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: At the first sight, it seems gender discrimination between men and women cannot exist since most epidemiological studies showed that both sexes are broadly and equally affected by DM, except for old aged females who are the most affected. When we reconsidered the problem, and when we compared past results to those obtained after the terrorism period, many studies showed a sort of gender difference. Apart from gestational DM, which is increasing sharply, some complications and death related to DM are prevailing in women. Coronary diseases and cerebral vascular accidents are more frequent in women too, especially the young ones and those suffering from DM. These complications are probably due to the recent and rapid modification in women's lifestyle with a strong reduction in physical activity, eating disorders, hormonal contraception, and high sensitivity to perceived stress secondary to the near past stressing life and/or to numerous responsibilities taken by women in the modern society.
Oxytocin challenge test in high-risk pregnancy.; Seven hundred sixty-seven oxytocin challenge tests (OCT) were performed on 333 high-risk maternity patients. All of the patients had pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus, suspected postmaturity, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth retardation, hypertension and other disorders. In conjunction with OCT, 24-hour urinary estriol determinations were performed. Negative OCT's were reassuring for fetal well-being. There were 26 positive OCT's on 24 patients. A positive test was significant in identifying endangered fetuses existing in a markedly unfavorable environment. In our experience, we found the OCT more reliable and more predictable than urinary estriol determination. The oxytocin challenge test proved to be significant in the successful management of these 333 high-risk patients.
Effect of a Plant-Based vs Omnivorous Soul Food Diet on Weight and Lipid Levels Among African American Adults: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; IMPORTANCE: More African American individuals die from cardiovascular disease (CVD) than any other chronic disease condition. Despite this disparity, African American individuals are underrepresented in nutrition and CVD interventions. OBJECTIVE: To compare the effects of an entirely plant-based (vegan) or low-fat omnivorous (omni) diet on change in body weight and lipids during a 2-year intervention. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: The Nutritious Eating With Soul (NEW Soul) study was a 2-year, randomized clinical trial conducted in 2 cohorts (2018-2020 and 2019-2021) that took place in a university teaching kitchen in Columbia, South Carolina (before March 2020), and via online videoconference sessions (after March 2020). Participants included African American adults aged 18 to 65 years with overweight or obesity (body mass index of 25.0-49.9) and without type 2 diabetes, uncontrolled thyroid disease, recent weight loss, or pregnancy. Data assessors and statisticians were blinded to study condition. Data analysis was performed from March to June 2022. INTERVENTIONS: The intervention included weekly nutrition classes for 6 months biweekly classes for 6 months, and monthly classes for 12 months. Dietary interventions either emphasized no animal product intake (vegan) or a low-fat omnivorous diet (omni). Both dietary patterns emphasized soul food cuisine (traditional African American southern foodways). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary outcomes included change in body weight and lipid measures at 12 months. RESULTS: There were 568 participants who completed an online screening questionnaire; 409 were excluded and 159 were randomized (77 to the vegan group and 82 to the omni group). Of the 159 participants (mean [SD] age, 48.4 [10.6] years; 126 female [79%]) who began the study, the main outcome of body weight was obtained for 121 participants (76%) at 12 months. There were no differences in outcomes between groups, including 12-month changes in weight (mean, -2.39 kg [95% CI, -3.48 to -1.30 kg] for the vegan group vs -2.03 kg [95% CI, -3.07 to -1.00 kg] for the omni group; P = .64), total cholesterol (-1.05 mg/dL [95% CI, -9.60 to 7.50 mg/dL] for the vegan group vs 1.66 mg/dL [95% CI, -7.20 to 10.50 mg/dL] for the omni group; P = .67), or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (mean, -2.56 mg/dL [95% CI, -9.52 to 4.40 mg/dL] for the vegan group vs -0.79 mg/dL [95% CI, -7.98 to 6.40 mg/dL] for the omni group; P = .73). Weight loss at 12 months among cohort 1, whose weight was assessed in 2019 before the COVID-19 pandemic, was significantly greater than that for cohort 2, whose weight was assessed summer 2020 during COVID-19 (-3.45 kg [95% CI, -4.67 to -2.22 kg] vs -1.24 kg [95% CI, -2.24 to -0.25 kg]; P = .01). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this randomized clinical trial examining weight loss and CVD risk factor reduction among African American adults, there were no differences between the groups, and the magnitude of changes overall was small. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03354377.
Localisation of endothelin-1 and its receptors in vascular tissue as seen at the electron microscopic level.; Since the discovery of endothelin in vascular endothelial cells and its pivotal role in vascular physiology (Yanagisawa and colleagues), a number of studies have focused on the localisation of this vasoconstrictor peptide in human and animal vascular tissue, largely in endothelial cells. Various vascular beds have been the subject of research in normal and pathophysiological conditions, for example in neonates, during ageing, pregnancy, hypertension, diabetes, heart failure, experimental metastases and neurological disorders. These studies have revealed the presence of endothelin in the blood vessel wall, suggesting the involvement of this peptide in vascular physiology in health and disease. This chapter reviews studies on the distribution of endothelin-1 (ET-1) and its receptors (ET(A) and ET(B)) in vascular tissue with emphasis on their ultrastructural localisation.
High prevalence of muscular ventricular septal defect in neonates.; OBJECTIVES: This study sought to use echocardiography to evaluate the prevalence of muscular ventricular septal defect in neonates. BACKGROUND: Ventricular septal defect is usually asymptomatic and closes spontaneously. An increase in its prevalence has been noted recently. One reason is the improved detection of small defects, especially with the increased used of echocardiography. Therefore, one would expect a higher prevalence in neonates on the basis of echocardiographic screening. METHODS: Color Doppler echocardiography was performed in 1,053 consecutive neonates 6 to 170 h old at Western Galilee Hospital, Israel. Data on the neonates, parents and family were obtained to analyze the influencing factors. The identified patients were followed up for 1 to 10 months or until ventricular septal defect closure. RESULTS: Muscular ventricular septal defect was found in 56 (25 male, 31 female) of the 1,053 neonates, a prevalence of 53.2/1,000 live births. All neonates were asymptomatic. Six had a systolic murmur. Electrocardiographic findings were normal in 44 (97.8%) of 45 neonates followed up, and left ventricular hypertrophy occurred in 1 (2.2%). By echocardiography, 50 ventricular septal defects (89.3%) were single and 6 (10.7%) were multiple. The defects (range 1 to 5 mm in diameter, mean [+/- SD] 2.3 +/- 0.8) occurred anywhere along the muscular septum; 43 (76.8%) were detectable only on color Doppler imaging. The left atrium and left ventricle were mildly dilated. Of 45 neonates who were followed up for 6 to 10 months or until closure of the defects, 40 (88.9%) had defects that closed spontaneously. The risk of ventricular septal defect was not significantly associated with gestational age, birth weight, birth order, maternal age, diabetes, smoking, exposure to drugs or infection, paternal age, familial congenital heart disease, religion or consanguinity. CONCLUSIONS: There is a prevalence of muscular ventricular septal defect in neonates of 53.2/1,000 live births. The patients were asymptomatic, and 88.9% had defects that closed spontaneously within 1 to 10 months. These defects may be caused by environmental factors. In many cases, muscular ventricular septal defect may also result from delayed physiologic development.
HMGB1 plays an important role in pyroptosis induced blood brain barrier breakdown in diabetes-associated cognitive decline.; Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of dementia, and evidence suggests hyperglycemia is a key contributor to neurodegeneration. However, our understanding of diabetes-associated cognitive decline, an important complication of diabetes mellitus, is lacking and the underlying mechanism is unclear. Blood brain barrier (BBB) breakdown is a possible cause of dementia in diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer's disease. Accumulating evidence shows BBB dysfunction caused by hyperglycemia contributes to cognitive decline. A specific type of inflammatory programmed cell death, called pyroptosis, has potential as a therapeutic target for BBB-associated diseases. Potential inducers of pyroptosis include inflammasomes such as NLRP3, whose activation relies on damage-associated molecular patterns. High mobility group box 1 (HMGB1) is a highly conserved, ubiquitous protein found in most cell types, and acts as a damage-associated molecular pattern when released from the nucleus. We propose that HMGB1 influences vascular inflammation by activating the NLRP3 inflammasome and thereby initiating pyroptosis in vascular cells. Moreover, HMGB1 plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and diabetic complications. Here, we review the role of HMGB1 in BBB dysfunction induced by hyperglycemia and propose that HMGB1 is a promising therapeutic target for countering diabetes-associated cognitive decline.
Disturbed morphogenesis of cardiac outflow tract and increased rate of aortic arch anomalies in the offspring of diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND: Maternal diabetes (MD) is a risk factor for offspring to develop cardiovascular anomalies; this is of growing clinical concern since the number of women in childbearing age with compromised glucose homeostasis is increasing. Hyperglycemia abrogates cardiovascular development in vitro; however, a link to cardiovascular defects in diabetic offspring remains to be investigated. METHODS: We have studied cardiovascular development in offspring of MD rats by examining serial histological sections of GD 12.0-18.0 offspring. Development of pharyngeal arch artery malformations was analyzed and related to intracardiac anomalies. RESULTS: Pharyngeal arch artery and intracardiac defects were present in 27 of 37 MD GD 13.0-18.0 offspring. Early sixth arch arteries showed abrogated arteriogenesis, whereas fourth arch artery defects developed as a result of abnormal remodeling. Morphometrical analysis showed increased apoptosis in regressing artery segments and reduced apoptosis in persisting artery segments. Double outlet right ventricle with infundibular stenosis (tetralogy of Fallot) was predominantly found in combination with sixth artery defects and pulmonary atresia. As confirmed by morphometric analysis and three-dimensional (3D)-reconstructions, outflow tract defects coincided with endocardial cushion hypoplasia. Cases with teratology of Fallot additionally showed a shorter outflow tract. No relation with apoptosis or disturbed neural crest cell migration was found. CONCLUSIONS: Our data uniquely demonstrate mechanistic differences involved in the development of sixth and fourth artery anomalies. Whereas increased apoptosis induces fourth artery anomalies, pulmonary outflow obstruction abrogates sixth artery differentiation independent of apoptosis. The model presented allows analysis of diabetic conditions on cardiovascular development in vivo, essential for elucidating this teratology.
Early growth and adult health outcomes--lessons learned from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study.; Slow growth during fetal life and infancy is often followed by accelerated weight gain in childhood. These patterns of growth seem to precede the development of coronary heart disease (CHD) and type 2 diabetes in adult life. Patterns of growth associated with CHD and type 2 diabetes in adult life are described based upon findings from the Helsinki Birth Cohort Study. We are beginning to understand that adult degenerative diseases are associated with different patterns of early growth. Yet it is not clear what optimal growth is and how it can be achieved. Most data suggest that the development of many non-communicable diseases involve a number of interactions including genetic ones. Therefore these diseases can best be focused upon from a life cycle perspective.
[New Developments in Type 1 Diabetes].; MONITORING: With the increasing prevalence of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems, time in range (TIR) is gaining importance as a parameter for optimization of glycemic control in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Recent studies showed improved prevention of cardiovascular events and pregnancy complications in patients with optimized TIR. In addition to TIR, it is recommended to consider Time below Range (TBR) as well to include an assessment of hypoglycemia. HYPOGLYCEMIA: Hypoglycemia remains a clinically relevant complication of therapy for type 1 diabetes mellitus. With the approval of nasal glucagon, there is now an alternative to traditional injections as an easy-to-use emergency therapy. With the development of the glucagon analogue Dasiglucagon, which is stable in the liquid state, a classic emergency pen with a ready-to-use solution will also potentially be available in the near future. INSULIN THERAPY: The new fast-acting insulin aspart (FIASP) offers new opportunities for blood glucose optimization in type 1 diabetes patients. Furthermore, the first hybrid closed-loop system for the treatment of type 1 diabetes mellitus was approved in Germany in 2019. This system automatically adjusts the basal rate based to blood glucose levels measured by CGM. When used adequately, a hybrid closed-loop system allows for improved glycemic control, particularly of nocturnal blood glucose. COMPLEMENTARY THERAPIES: Since 2019, the SGLT-2 inhibitor dapagliflozin and the combined SGLT-1/2 inhibitor sotagliflozin have been approved for the therapy of inadequately controlled type 1 diabetics with a BMI above 27 kg/m² and no elevated risk of diabetic ketoacidosis. The most relevant side effect is atypical normoglycemic ketoacidosis, which is why initial risk assessment and adequate training of the patient to perform and interpret ketone body and pH measurements during therapy are of central importance.
Animal Foetal Models of Obesity and Diabetes - From Laboratory to Clinical Settings.; The prenatal period, during which a fully formed newborn capable of surviving outside its mother's body is built from a single cell, is critical for human development. It is also the time when the foetus is particularly vulnerable to environmental factors, which may modulate the course of its development. Both epidemiological and animal studies have shown that foetal programming of physiological systems may alter the growth and function of organs and lead to pathology in adulthood. Nutrition is a particularly important environmental factor for the pregnant mother as it affects the condition of offspring. Numerous studies have shown that an unbalanced maternal metabolic status (under- or overnutrition) may cause long-lasting physiological and behavioural alterations, resulting in metabolic disorders, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Various diets are used in laboratory settings in order to induce maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, and to alter the offspring development. The most popular models are: high-fat, high-sugar, high-fat-high-sugar, and cafeteria diets. Maternal undernutrition models are also used, which results in metabolic problems in offspring. Similarly to animal data, human studies have shown the influence of mothers' diets on the development of children. There is a strong link between the maternal diet and the birth weight, metabolic state, changes in the cardiovascular and central nervous system of the offspring. The mechanisms linking impaired foetal development and adult diseases remain under discussion. Epigenetic mechanisms are believed to play a major role in prenatal programming. Additionally, sexually dimorphic effects on offspring are observed. Therefore, further research on both sexes is necessary.
Fetal heart rate spectral analysis in raw signals and PRSA-derived curve: normal and pathological fetuses discrimination.; Cardiotocography (CTG) is the most common technique for electronic fetal monitoring and consists of the simultaneous recording of fetal heart rate (FHR) and uterine contractions. In analogy with the adult case, spectral analysis of the FHR signal can be used to assess the functionality of the autonomic nervous system. To do so, several methods can be employed, each of which has its strengths and limitations. This paper aims at performing a methodological investigation on FHR spectral analysis adopting 4 different spectrum estimators and a novel PRSA-based spectral method. The performances have been evaluated in terms of the ability of the various methods to detect changes in the FHR in two common pregnancy complications: intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and gestational diabetes. A balanced dataset containing 2178 recordings distributed between the 32nd and 38th week of gestation was used. The results show that the spectral method derived from the PRSA better differentiates high-risk pregnancies vs. controls compared to the others. Specifically, it more robustly detects an increase in power percentage within the movement frequency band and a decrease in high frequency between pregnancies at high risk in comparison to those at low risk.
Analysis of a streamlined pathway for aortic surveillance for Turner syndrome in a single centre.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: The risk of aortic dissection (AoD) is increased in women with Turner syndrome (TS) but predicting those with this heightened risk is difficult. In response to this, we sought to create a pathway to monitor TS patients to improve efficiency and resource utilisation in our dedicated TS clinic, and to monitor more closely those women thought to be at increased risk of AoD. DESIGN AND PATIENTS: Our pathway was designed based on evidence derived from International Guidelines for the management of aortic disease in women with TS. Women were divided according to those with known risk factors for AoD, and those with no known risk factors. These groups were further subdivided into 4 pathways depending on ascending aortic size which in-turn determined the frequency of outpatient appointments and imaging. RESULTS: Out of the 168 patients included in the analysis, 7 have had ascending aorta replacements, all in the highest risk group. Of the remaining 4 patients in the highest risk groups: 1 dissected whilst awaiting planned aortic surgery, 1 is currently awaiting surgery, 1 has low body mass index, therefore, making her aorta proportionally larger but not necessitating surgery and one has declined surgery. No women changed pathways. CONCLUSION: The risk-stratified pathway safely allowed consolidation of resources to women perceived to be at highest risk of AoD (excluding pregnancy), supporting the efficacy of the pathway and allowing the diversion of resources to those most at risk of AoD.
Dietary fibre and whole grains in diabetes management: Systematic review and meta-analyses.; BACKGROUND: Fibre is promoted as part of a healthy dietary pattern and in diabetes management. We have considered the role of high-fibre diets on mortality and increasing fibre intake on glycaemic control and other cardiometabolic risk factors of adults with prediabetes or diabetes. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We conducted a systematic review of published literature to identify prospective studies or controlled trials that have examined the effects of a higher fibre intake without additional dietary or other lifestyle modification in adults with prediabetes, gestational diabetes, type 1 diabetes, and type 2 diabetes. Meta-analyses were undertaken to determine the effects of higher fibre intake on all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and increasing fibre intake on glycaemic control and a range of cardiometabolic risk factors. For trials, meta regression analyses identified further variables that influenced the pooled findings. Dose response testing was undertaken; Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) protocols were followed to assess the quality of evidence. Two multicountry cohorts of 8,300 adults with type 1 or type 2 diabetes followed on average for 8.8 years and 42 trials including 1,789 adults with prediabetes, type 1, or type 2 diabetes were identified. Prospective cohort data indicate an absolute reduction of 14 fewer deaths (95% confidence interval (CI) 4-19) per 1,000 participants over the study duration, when comparing a daily dietary fibre intake of 35 g with the average intake of 19 g, with a clear dose response relationship apparent. Increased fibre intakes reduced glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c; mean difference [MD] -2.00 mmol/mol, 95% CI -3.30 to -0.71 from 33 trials), fasting plasma glucose (MD -0.56 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.73 to -0.38 from 34 trials), insulin (standardised mean difference [SMD] -2.03, 95% CI -2.92 to -1.13 from 19 trials), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA IR; MD -1.24 mg/dL, 95% CI -1.72 to -0.76 from 9 trials), total cholesterol (MD -0.34 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.46 to -0.22 from 27 trials), low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (MD -0.17 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.27 to -0.08 from 21 trials), triglycerides (MD -0.16 mmol/L, 95% CI -0.23 to -0.09 from 28 trials), body weight (MD -0.56 kg, 95% CI -0.98 to -0.13 from 18 trials), Body Mass Index (BMI; MD -0.36, 95% CI -0·55 to -0·16 from 14 trials), and C-reactive protein (SMD -2.80, 95% CI -4.52 to -1.09 from 7 trials) when compared with lower fibre diets. All trial analyses were subject to high heterogeneity. Key variables beyond increasing fibre intake were the fibre intake at baseline, the global region where the trials were conducted, and participant inclusion criteria other than diabetes type. Potential limitations were the lack of prospective cohort data in non-European countries and the lack of long-term (12 months or greater) controlled trials of increasing fibre intakes in adults with diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: Higher-fibre diets are an important component of diabetes management, resulting in improvements in measures of glycaemic control, blood lipids, body weight, and inflammation, as well as a reduction in premature mortality. These benefits were not confined to any fibre type or to any type of diabetes and were apparent across the range of intakes, although greater improvements in glycaemic control were observed for those moving from low to moderate or high intakes. Based on these findings, increasing daily fibre intake by 15 g or to 35 g might be a reasonable target that would be expected to reduce risk of premature mortality in adults with diabetes.
Multiple pregnancy and preterm labor.; OBJECTIVE: Multiple gestations are high risk pregnancies, which may be complicated by pre-maturity, low birth weight infants, pre-eclampsia, anemia, postpartum hemorrhage, intrauterine growth restriction, neonatal morbidity and high perinatal, neonatal and infant mortality. This study was carried out to determine the incidence and effect of multiple pregnancies on pre-term labor in tertiary care hospitals. METHODS: Retrospective case record analysis of 375 cases of multiple pregnancies that were reported at Armed Forces Hospital and King Khalid University Hospital, Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, between January 2000 and December 2001. The data was analyzed to determine the incidence of multiple pregnancies and its effect on pre-term delivery. RESULTS: The over whole incidence of twins was 14/1000 births. Premature labor in multiple pregnancies was 7 times greater than singletons (42% versus 6.4%). Almost half of multiple pregnancy cases were delivered by cesarean section (49% versus 14%). Pregnancy was induced in 34% of cases. Cervical cerclage was applied in only 8% of cases and betamemetics were administered to only 11% of cases. Fetal distress in labor, abnormal presentation and previous uterine scar were the main indications for cesarean section. Fifty percent had no antenatal complications, gestational diabetes complicated 16%, and anemia was reported in 22% of cases. CONCLUSION: Preterm delivery remains the most serious complication of multiple pregnancies. Multiple gestation children may suffer long term sequel of prenatal complications, including cerebral palsy and hearing disabilities. Every effort should be made to reduce the risk of multiple gestation and pre-term labor through proper control and close monitoring of fertility drugs, limiting number of embryo transfer to maximum of 3 or only 2, improving the socioeconomic status of expectant mothers, reduce cigarette smoking, relieve maternal stress, restriction of maternal activity, frequent contact with health care personnel and treatment of any obstetric or medical disorders.
Pre- and Perinatal Correlates of Ideal Cardiovascular Health during Early Childhood: A Prospective Analysis in the Healthy Start Study.; OBJECTIVES: To characterize prevalence of ideal cardiovascular health (ICVH) during early childhood (4-7 years of age), and to identify pre- and perinatal biological, sociodemographic, metabolic, and behavioral correlates of ICVH. STUDY DESIGN: Among 350 mother-child pairs in the Healthy Start Study, we defined ICVH as no exposure to second hand smoke; ≥1 hour/day of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity; body mass index ≤85th percentile; systolic and diastolic blood pressure <90th percentile; cholesterol <170 mg/dL, fasting glucose <100 mg/dL; and healthy diet, per the American Heart Association. Pre- and perinatal characteristics were obtained from questionnaires, medical records, and in-person visits. Because of low prevalence of ICVH, we focused on prevalence of meeting ≥6 metrics in the analysis. We examined bivariate associations of each characteristic with % meeting ≥6 metrics and included those that were significant (P < .05) in a multivariable logistic regression model. RESULTS: ICVH prevalence at mean ± SD age 4.7±0.6 years was 6.9%; boys had twice the prevalence as girls (9% vs 4.4%). Most (>85%) children met criteria for second hand smoke, body mass index, blood pressure, cholesterol, and glucose, and only one-third met criteria for physical activity (31.4%) and diet (35.1%). In multivariable analyses, key correlates of ICVH were maternal weight status (OR(overweight/obese vs nonoverweight/obese) = 0.41 [0.23, 0.73]) and offspring sex (OR(male vs female) = 2.14 [1.22, 3.65]). CONCLUSIONS: At age 4-7 years, ICVH prevalence is already low, with diet and adequate physical activity being the limiting factors. Healthy maternal weight prior to pregnancy and male sex are potential determinants of childhood ICVH. Additional work is required to explore associations of early-life ICVH with future health outcomes.
Maternal high fat diet induces early cardiac hypertrophy and alters cardiac metabolism in Sprague Dawley rat offspring.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Maternal high fat diets (mHFD) have been associated with an increased offspring cardiovascular risk. Recently we found that the class IIa HDAC-MEF2 pathway regulates gene programs controlling fatty acid oxidation in striated muscle. This same pathway controls hypertrophic responses in the heart. We hypothesized that mHFD is associated with activation of signal controlling class II a HDAC activity and activation of genes involved in fatty acid oxidation and cardiac hypertrophy in offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: Female Sprague Dawley rats were fed either normal fat diet (12%) or high fat diet (43%) three weeks prior to mating, remaining on diets until study completion. Hearts of postnatal day 1 (PN1) and PN10 pups were collected. Bioenergetics and respiration analyses were performed in neonatal ventricular cardiomyocytes (NVCM). In offspring exposed to mHFD, body weight was increased at PN10 accompanied by increased body fat percentage and blood glucose. Heart weight and heart weight to body weight ratio were increased at PN1 and PN10, and were associated with elevated signalling through the AMPK-class IIa HDAC-MEF2 axis. The expression of the MEF2-regulated hypertrophic markers ANP and BNP were increased as were expression of genes involved in fatty acid oxidation. However this was only accompanied by an increased protein expression of fatty acid oxidation enzymes at PN10. NVCM isolated from these pups exhibited increased glycolysis and an impaired substrate flexibility. CONCLUSION: Combined, these results suggest that mHFD induces signalling and transcriptional events indicative of reprogrammed cardiac metabolism and of cardiac hypertrophy in Sprague Dawley rat offspring.
Subacute thyroiditis during early pregnancy: a case report and literature review.; BACKGROUND: Subacute thyroiditis (SAT) is rarely diagnosed in pregnant women, and only 7 cases have been reported to date. Thyroid dysfunction, especially hyperthyroidism, during pregnancy has been associated with both maternal and neonatal complications. Thus, the early diagnosis and treatment of SAT during pregnancy may be beneficial. We present a case report and literature review to complement the diagnostic evaluation and management of SAT during pregnancy. CASE PRESENTATION: A 27-year-old woman presented in gestational week 17 of her first pregnancy and had a negative prior medical history. She presented to the Endocrinology Department complaining of neck pain for one month that had intensified in the last five days. Physical examination revealed a diffusely enlarged thyroid gland that was firm and tender on palpation. The patient also had an elevated temperature and heart rate. The increasing and long-lasting pain coupled with a decreased level of thyroid-stimulating hormone indicated hyperthyroidism. Ultrasound findings were indicative of SAT. Importantly, the pain was so severe that 10 mg of oral prednisone per day was administered in gestational week 18, which was increased to 15 mg/d after 10 days that was discontinued in week 28. Levothyroxine was started in gestational week 24 and administered throughout the pregnancy. The patient responded well to the treatments, and her neck pain disappeared in gestational week 21. She gave birth to a healthy male in gestational week 41. CONCLUSION: SAT can be diagnosed and effectively managed during pregnancy, thus benefiting mothers and infants.
Long-term neuropsychiatric morbidity in children exposed prenatally to preeclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: There are contradicting findings in the current literature regarding the association between in-utero exposure to preeclampsia and the long-term neuropsychiatric health of the offspring. The objective of this study is to assess whether prenatal exposure to preeclampsia increases the risk of long-term neuropsychiatric morbidity. METHODS: A retrospective population-based cohort study compared neuropsychiatric morbidity between singletons exposed and unexposed to preeclampsia. The study included all the singletons that were born between 1991 and 2014 in a single regional tertiary medical center. A generalized estimating equation (GEE) model was used to control for confounders and maternal clusters. RESULTS: Of the 253,808 singletons that met the inclusion criteria; 3.0% were born to mothers diagnosed with mild preeclampsia (n = 7660), 0.9% with severe preeclampsia (n = 2366) and 0.03% with eclampsia (n = 81). A significant linear association was noted between the severity of the preeclampsia (no preeclampsia, mild, severe preeclampsia and eclampsia) and the incidence of neuropsychiatric morbidity of the offspring (1.0%, vs. 1.2% vs. 1.9% vs. 1.2% respectively, p = 0.003). In a GEE model which was used to control for maternal clusters, gestational diabetes, maternal age, gestational age and time-to-event preeclampsia was found to be an independent risk factor for neuropsychiatric morbidity in the offspring (adjusted OR = 1.36; 95% CI 1.14-1.63). CONCLUSION: Offspring exposed prenatally to preeclampsia have a significantly higher risk of developing a neuropsychiatric morbidity during childhood.
Physiological and pathological evidence of O-GlcNAcylation regulation during pregnancy related process.; O-GlcNAcylation is a dynamic and reversible post-translational modification (PTM) controlled by the enzymes O-GlcNAc transferase (OGT) and O-GlcNAcase (OGA). Changes in its expression lead to a breakdown in cellular homeostasis, which is linked to several pathological processes. Placentation and embryonic development are periods of high cell activity, and imbalances in cell signaling pathways can result in infertility, miscarriage, or pregnancy complications. O-GlcNAcylation is involved in cellular processes such as genome maintenance, epigenetic regulation, protein synthesis/degradation, metabolic pathways, signaling pathways, apoptosis, and stress response. Trophoblastic differentiation/invasion and placental vasculogenesis, as well as zygote viability and embryonic neuronal development, are all dependent on O-GlcNAcylation. This PTM is required for pluripotency, which is a required condition for embryonic development. Further, this pathway is a nutritional sensor and cell stress marker, which is primarily measured by the OGT enzyme and its product, protein O-GlcNAcylation. Yet, this post-translational modification is enrolled in metabolic and cardiovascular adaptations during pregnancy. Finally, evidence of how O-GlcNAc impacts pregnancy during pathological conditions such as hyperglycemia, gestational diabetes, hypertension, and stress disorders are reviewed. Considering this scenario, progress in understanding the role of O- GlcNAcylation in pregnancy is required.
A Pilot Study of Soluble Form of LOX-1 as a Novel Biomarker for Neonatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Encephalopathy.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the soluble form of lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 (sLOX-1) as a biomarker of severity staging and prognosis in neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE). STUDY DESIGN: We performed an observational study enrolling 27 infants with HIE and 45 control infants of gestational age ≥36 weeks and birth weight ≥1800 g. The HIE criteria were pH ≤7.0 or a base deficit ≥16 mmol/L within 60 minutes after birth, and a 10-minute Apgar score ≤5 or resuscitation time ≥10 minutes. HIE severity was evaluated using modified Sarnat staging. We measured plasma sLOX-1 level and assessed general and neurologic signs at discharge, and classified infants with no neurosensory impairments as intact survival. RESULTS: sLOX-1 level within 6 hours after birth was correlated with the severity of HIE. sLOX-1 differentiated moderate-severe HIE (median, 1017 pg/mL; IQR, 553-1890 pg/mL) from mild HIE (median, 339 pg/mL; IQR, 288-595 pg/mL; P = .007). The sensitivity and specificity of the differentiation with a cutoff value of ≥550 pg/mL were 80.0% and 83.3%, respectively. In 19 infants with therapeutic hypothermia, a sLOX-1 cutoff value of <1000 pg/mL differentiated intact survival (median, 761 pg/mL; IQR, 533-1610 pg/mL) from death or neurosensory impairment (median, 1947 pg/mL; IQR, 1325-2506 pg/mL; P = .019) with 100% specificity and a positive predictive value. CONCLUSION: sLOX-1 may be a useful biomarker of neonatal HIE for severity staging and outcome prediction. Further investigations will facilitate its clinical use.
An association between preterm delivery and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether a history of preterm delivery (PTD) poses a risk for subsequent maternal long-term cardiovascular morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based study compared the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity in a cohort of women who delivered preterm (<37 weeks' gestation) and those who gave birth at term at the same period. Deliveries occurred during the years 1988-1999 with follow up until 2010. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were used to estimate cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for cardiovascular hospitalizations. RESULTS: During the study period 47,908 women met the inclusion criteria; 12.5% of the patients (n = 5992) delivered preterm. During a follow-up period of >10 years, patients with PTD had higher rates of simple and complex cardiovascular events and higher rates of total cardiovascular-related hospitalizations. A linear association was found between the number of previous PTD and future risk for cardiovascular hospitalizations (5.5% for ≥2 PTDs; 5.0% for 1 PTD vs 3.5% in the comparison group; P < .001). The association remained significant for spontaneous vs induced PTD and for early (<34 weeks) and late (34 weeks to 36 weeks 6 days' gestation) PTD. In a Cox proportional hazards model that adjusted for pregnancy confounders such as labor induction, diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, and obesity, PTD was associated independently with cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-1.6). CONCLUSION: PTD is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade.
Analysis of big data for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features.; PURPOSE: High rate of preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks of gestation) in the world, its negative outcomes for pregnant women and newborns necessitate to predict preterm birth and identify its main risk factors. Premature deliveries have been divided into provider-initiated (with medical intervention for early terminating the pregnancy) and spontaneous preterm birth (without any intervention) categories in the previous studies. The main aim of this study is proposing methods for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features. METHODS: Data from national databank of Maternal and neonatal records (IMAN registry) is used in the study. The collected data have information about more than 1,400,000 deliveries with 112 features. Among them, 116,080 preterm births have occurred (from which 11,799 and 104,281 cases belong to provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature delivery, respectively). The data can be considered as big data due to its large number of data records, large number of the features and unbalanced distribution of the data between three classes of term, provider-initiated and spontaneous preterm birth. Therefore, we need to analyze data based on big data algorithms. In this paper, Map Reduce-based machine learning algorithms named MR-PB-PFS are proposed for this purpose. Map phase use parallel feature selection and classification methods to score the features. Reduce phase aggregates the feature scores obtained in Map phase and assign final scores to the features. Moreover, the classifiers trained in Map phase are aggregated based on two different ensemble rules in Reduce phase. RESULTS: Experimental results show that the best performance of the proposed models for preterm birth prediction is accuracy of 81% and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 68%. Top features for predicting term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth identified in this study are having pregnancy risk factors, having gestational diabetes, having cardiovascular disease, maternal underlying diseases, and mother age. Chronic blood pressure is a high rank feature for preterm birth prediction and father nationality is highly important for discriminating provider-initiated from spontaneous premature delivery. CONCLUSIONS: Identifying the pregnant women with high risk of spontaneous premature or therapeutic preterm delivery in our proposed model can help them to: (1) reduce the probability of premature birth with monitoring and management of the main risk factors and/or (2) educate them to care from the premature newborn. Management and monitoring top features discriminating term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth or their associated factors can reduce preterm labor or its negative outcomes.
Glutamate in vitro effects on human term placental mitochondria.; OBJECTIVE: Oxidative stress may affect the functionality of placental mitochondria, thus contributing to serious complications. For this reason research of protective substances is of great importance. Our aim was to evaluate, in mitochondria isolated from human term placentas, the effect of in vitro glutamate supplementation on their susceptibility to oxidation, on the chemico-physical characteristics of mitochondrial membranes, and on peroxidase and nitric oxide synthase (NOS) activities. METHODS: The study was performed on mitochondria isolated from 20 healthy human term placentas. Specific exclusion criteria were: conception by assisted reproduction, chromosomal or other fetal, uterine or placental anomalies, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), a history of smoking and hypertension, proteinuria, renal, cardiovascular, hepatic, and endocrine disease, metabolic disorders, and current infection or history of all types of infection. RESULTS: Incubation with glutamate determined a reduced susceptibility to oxidative stress, an increase in mitochondrial membrane fluidity, and a decrease of both peroxidase and NOS activities. CONCLUSIONS: On the basis of the observed results, we can hypothesize a role for glutamate in the control of lipid peroxidation extent in physiological pregnancies, as well as in the prevention of free radical-linked complications that can affect the health of both mother and fetus.
Pregnancy complications and metabolic disease in women with clomiphene citrate-resistant anovulation randomized to receive laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries or ovulation induction with gonadotropins: a 10-year follow-up.; OBJECTIVE: To assess long-term effects of laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins in women with clomiphene citrate (CC)-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on the incidence of pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and metabolic or cardiovascular disease. DESIGN: Long-term follow-up study. SETTING: Twenty-eight hospitals within the Netherlands. PATIENT(S): One hundred sixty-eight CC-resistant women who had participated in a randomized controlled trial between 1998 and 2001 comparing electrocautery and gonadotropins. INTERVENTION(S): Postal questionnaire, search in medical files. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Pregnancy complications, metabolic or cardiovascular disease. RESULT(S): Eighty-two percent of follow-up data were obtained. Thirteen of 68 women (19%) allocated to electrocautery, and 14 of 63 women (22%) allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for pregnancy complications (relative risk 0.86; 95% confidence interval 0.43-1.7). At follow-up, 12 of 69 (17%) women allocated to electrocautery, and 13 of 69 (19%) women allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for metabolic or cardiovascular disease (relative risk 0.90; 95% confidence interval 0.39-2.1). The risk of these was modified by body mass index (BMI), but not by female age or treatment allocation. This study is based on questionnaires and data from medical files. In the absence of routine screening, under-reporting in our follow-up study is likely. CONCLUSION(S): Electrocautery in women with CC-resistant PCOS does not affect pregnancy complications or metabolic or cardiovascular disease later in life compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins.
Maternal Obesity: A Focus on Maternal Interventions to Improve Health of Offspring.; Maternal obesity has many implications for offspring health that persist throughout their lifespan that include obesity and cardiovascular complications. Several different factors contribute to obesity and they encompass interplay between genetics and environment. In the prenatal period, untreated obesity establishes a foundation for a myriad of symptoms and negative delivery experiences, including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and labor complications. However, data across human and animal studies show promise that nutritional interventions and physical activity may rescue much of the adverse effects of obesity on offspring metabolic health. Further, these maternal interventions improve the health of the offspring by reducing weight gain, cardiovascular disorders, and improving glucose tolerance. Mechanisms from animal studies have also been proposed to elucidate the signaling pathways that regulate inflammation, lipid metabolism, and oxidative capacity of the tissue, ultimately providing potential specific courses of treatment. This review aims to pinpoint the risks of maternal obesity and provide plausible intervention strategies. We delve into recent research involving both animal and human studies with maternal interventions. With the increasing concerning of obesity rates witnessed in the United States, it is imperative to acknowledge the long-term effects posed on future generations and specifically modify maternal nutrition and care to mitigate these adverse outcomes.
Polycystic ovary syndrome. Long term sequelae and management.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrinopathies in women and is defined by hyperandrogenic chronic anovulation with the exclusion of secondary causes, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia or an androgen secreting tumor. PCOS women are uniquely insulin resistant. It is estimated that 5% of the female population is affected. The underlying genetic defect in insulin action is unknown. Obesity aggravates the underlying predisposition to insulin resistance. Diagnostic criteria which focus on menstrual irregularity are more likely to identify insulin resistant women. About 40% of PCOS women display glucose intolerance (either impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes) in response to an oral glucose challenge. Additionally women display multiple other risk factors for cardiovascular disease including dyslipidemia and elevated circulating inflammatory markers. The lack of a clear etiologic mechanism to the syndrome has led in the past to a multitude of symptom-oriented treatments with few therapies improving all aspects of the endocrine syndrome of PCOS. Recently treatments resulting in improved insulin sensitivity, either through weight loss/exercise programs or pharmaceutical, have been shown to improve both the endocrine and metabolic abnormalities in the syndrome. Anti-diabetic agents in PCOS have been examined in a number of randomized studies which have shown a treatment benefit. Further indications for these agents such as the prevention of pregnancy loss or the conversion to type 2 diabetes still need to be investigated in properly designed studies.
More impact of microalbuminuria on retinopathy than moderately reduced GFR among type 2 diabetic patients.; OBJECTIVE: The current study aimed to investigate whether microalbuminuria or moderately decreased glomerular filtration rate (GFR) is a better predictor for the development and progression of retinopathy in type 2 diabetic patients. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Type 2 diabetic patients without cardiovascular diseases, malignancy, pregnancy, and acute intercurrent illness were enrolled between 1 August 2001 and 31 December 2002. All participants provided their detailed medical history and underwent an eye fundus examination. They were followed up in outpatient clinics, and serum creatinine, urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), and retinal photographs were followed up annually until 31 December 2009. The primary outcomes were development and progression of diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy. The secondary outcomes were cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality. RESULTS: Among 487 participants, 81 subjects had normoalbuminuria and moderate renal impairment (baseline eGFR 30-59.9 mL/min/1.73 m(2)), and 106 subjects had microalbuminuria and baseline eGFR ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m(2). Patients with microalbuminuria and eGFR ≥60 mL/min/1.73 m(2) had a significantly greater risk for development and progression of diabetic retinopathy (HR 3.34 [95% CI 1.04-10.70]) compared with those with moderate renal impairment and normoalbuminuria after multivariate adjustment. Risks for renal outcome, cardiovascular events, and all-cause mortality were not significantly different between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Microalbuminuria has a greater impact on predicting the development and progression of diabetic retinopathy compared with moderate decline in GFR among type 2 diabetic patients.
Do maternal- or pregnancy-associated disease states affect blood pressure in the early neonatal period?; BACKGROUND: Placental vascular changes associated with maternal disease states may affect fetal vascular development. There is evidence suggesting that being born prematurely is associated with a higher blood pressure (BP) in later life. AIM: To determine whether maternal disease state affects BP in the early neonatal period. METHODS: Cohort study of neonates admitted to neonatal intensive care unit with exposure to maternal hypertension and diabetes. Inclusion criteria were neonates greater than 27 weeks gestation not ventilated or requiring inotropes for more than 24 h, materna l hypertension (pregnancy induced or essential) or diabetes of any kind requiring treatment, and spontaneous delivery. Exclusion criteria included chromosomal or congenital anomaly and illicit maternal drug use. Oscillometric BP measurements taken until discharge on days 1, 2, 3, 4, 7, 14, 21 and 28. Placental histopathology was performed. RESULTS: One hundred and ninety infants enrolled, 104 in the control and 86 in the study group. Sixty-five infants were born between 28-31 weeks and 125 infants between 32-41 weeks gestation. Those born between 28-31 weeks with a history of diabetes had a statistically higher systolic, mean and diastolic BP throughout the first 28 days of life (P = 0.001; P = 0.007; P = 0.02). Those born between 32-41 weeks gestation with placental pathology associated with altered uteroplacental perfusion had a higher systolic BP (P = 0.005). CONCLUSIONS: Maternal- or pregnancy-associated disease states appear to influence BP in the early neonatal period. Diabetes and altered placental perfusion were associated with higher BP readings. Clinical significance of these statistically elevated BPs in the early neonatal period is unknown.
Prenatal exposure to preeclampsia is associated with accelerated height gain in early childhood.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia is associated with low birth weight, both because of increased risks of preterm and of small-for-gestational-age (SGA) births. Low birth weight is associated with accelerated childhood height gain and cardiovascular diseases later in life. The aim was to investigate if prenatal exposure to preeclampsia is associated with accelerated childhood height gain, also after adjustments for SGA-status and gestational age at birth. METHODS: In a cohort of children prenatally exposed to preeclampsia (n = 865) or unexposed (n = 22,898) we estimated height gain between birth and five years of age. The mean difference in height gain between exposed and unexposed children was calculated and adjustments were done with linear regression models. RESULTS: Children exposed to preeclampsia were on average born shorter than unexposed. Exposed children grew on average two cm more than unexposed from birth to five years of age. After adjustments for maternal characteristics including socioeconomic factors, height, body mass index (BMI) and diabetes, as well as for parents smoking habits, infant's breastfeeding and childhood obesity, the difference was 1.6 cm (95% CI 1.3-1.9 cm). Further adjustment for SGA birth only slightly attenuated this estimate, but adjustment for gestational age at birth decreased the estimate to 0.5 cm (95% CI 0.1-0.7 cm). CONCLUSION: Prenatal exposure to preeclampsia is associated with accelerated height gain in early childhood. The association seemed independent on SGA-status, but partly related to shorter gestational age at birth.
Ultrasound demonstration of prenatal renal vein thrombosis.; Renal calcification following renal vein thrombosis (RVT) has a virtually diagnostic lace-like radiological pattern. It has been seen as early as the first day of life, [1-3], indicating prenatal disease. This case report illustrates the sonographic appearance of such calcifications which to our knowledge has not been described. We observed abnormalities on a prenatal ultrasound at 37 weeks of gestation and calcifications within the kidney on ultrasound during the neonatal period in an infant of a mother with Class B diabetes mellitus.
Laparoscopic treatment of polycystic ovaries: is it time to relinquish the procedure?; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the role of laparoscopic ovarian drilling and treatment with metformin in the management of the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). DESIGN: A literature search was conducted using the keywords laparoscopy, laparoscopic ovarian drilling, laparoscopic ovarian diathermy, PCOS, metformin, and ovulation. The MEDLINE and EMBASE databases and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were searched. RESULTS: No randomized comparisons have been done between laparoscopic ovarian drilling and metformin therapy. However, the ovulation and pregnancy rates appear to be similar for both techniques. Both treatments decrease the incidence of ovarian hyperstimulation and the cancellation rate of IVF cycles. However, unlike laparoscopic ovarian drilling, metformin may decrease the incidence of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. CONCLUSION(S): Given the similar magnitude of the results without the potential risks and complication of surgery, we propose that laparoscopic ovarian drilling should be used sparingly in favor of less invasive treatment with metformin.
A Retrospective Cohort Study on Mortality and Neurodevelopmental Outcomes of Preterm Very Low Birth Weight Infants Born to Mothers with Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: We examined the effects of maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) on the mortality and neurodevelopmental outcomes in preterm very low birth weight (VLBW) infants (BW ≤1,500 g) based on their intrauterine growth status and gestational age (GA). STUDY DESIGN: We included singleton VLBW infants born at <32 weeks' gestation registered in the Neonatal Research Network Japan database. The composite outcomes including death, cerebral palsy (CP), and developmental delay (DD) at 3 years of age were retrospectively compared among three groups: appropriate for GA (AGA) infants of mothers with and without HDP (H-AGA and N-AGA) and small for GA (SGA) infants of mothers with HDP (H-SGA). The adjusted odds ratios (AOR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) stratified by the groups of every two gestational weeks were calculated after adjusting for the center, year of birth, sex, maternal age, maternal diabetes, antenatal steroid use, clinical chorioamnionitis, premature rupture of membranes, non-life-threatening congenital anomalies, and GA. RESULTS: Of 19,323 eligible infants, outcomes were evaluated in 10,192 infants: 683 were H-AGA, 1,719 were H-SGA, and 7,790 were N-AGA. Between H-AGA and N-AGA, no significant difference was observed in the risk for death, CP, or DD in any GA groups. H-AGA had a lower risk for death, CP, or DD than H-SGA in the 24 to 25 weeks group (AOR: 0.434, 95% CI: 0.202-0.930). The odds for death, CP, or DD of H-SGA against N-AGA were found to be higher in the 24 to 25 weeks (AOR: 2.558, 95% CI: 1.558-3.272) and 26 to 27 weeks (AOR: 1.898, 95% CI: 1.427-2.526) groups, but lower in the 30 to 31 weeks group (AOR: 0.518, 95% CI: 0.335-0.800). CONCLUSION: There was a lack of follow-up data; however, the outcomes of liveborn preterm VLBW infants of mothers with HDP depended on their intrauterine growth status and GA at birth. KEY POINTS: · The effects of HDP on preterm low birth weight infants need to be further examined.. · The outcomes were not different between AGA infants with and without maternal HDP.. · The outcomes of SGA infants with maternal HDP were dependent on their GA..
Early Life Nutrition and Non Communicable Disease.; The origin of some non communicable disease (NCDs) is in early life. Evidence has shown that early life nutrition is associated with the risk of developing chronic non communicable diseases. Pregnancy and infancy are the most critical stages that influence the risks of NCDs in childhood and adult life. Prenatal maternal undernutrition and low birth weight lead to obesity and increase the risk factors of cardiovascular disease and diabetes later in life. Nutrition is one of the easily modifiable environmental factors that may affect outcome of pregnancy, trajectory of growth, and immune system of the fetus and infant. Healthy eating behaviors associate with prevention of weight disorders in pediatric, non communicable diseases, and deficiencies of micronutrient.
The glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist liraglutide attenuates placental ischemia-induced hypertension.; Preeclampsia is a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy characterized by systemic perturbations of nitric oxide function, reflective of generalized endothelial dysfunction. Therapies that target the nitric oxide pathway have shown promise in both clinical and preclinical studies of preeclampsia. The glucagon-like peptide 1 agonists have been shown to increase nitric oxide and lower blood pressure in patients with diabetes, in part, through activation of nitric oxide synthase (NOS). Therefore, we hypothesized that a direct acting glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonist would improve stigmata of the preeclampsia syndrome. Using the reduced uterine perfusion pressure rat model, we found that treatment with liraglutide significantly lowered blood pressure, improved renal function, and upregulated NOS3 protein expression in the mesenteric arterial bed. However, there were adverse effects on pup growth that were likely related to diminished food intake in the dams. Collectively, these data support the premise that the use of drugs that improve NOS abundance, including the glucagon-like peptide 1 agonists, is a rational therapeutic approach to the treatment of preeclampsia, but suggest cautious and careful study of their safety before potential clinical use in humans.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Drugs that target the glucagon-like peptide-1 pathway such as liraglutide are already used clinically, and it has been shown to promote endothelial nitric oxide synthase (NOS3) expression. We demonstrate that liraglutide, a glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor (GLP-1R) agonist, lowers blood pressure, improves renal function, and upregulates NOS3 in a rat model of placental ischemia. These data suggest that drugs that target the nitric oxide system, including GLP-1R agonists, are a potential therapeutic option for preeclampsia.
The impact of maternal gestational weight gain on cardiometabolic risk factors in children.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Accumulating evidence suggests an impact of gestational weight gain (GWG) on pregnancy outcomes; however, data on cardiometabolic risk factors later in life have not been comprehensively studied. This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between GWG and cardiometabolic risk in offspring aged 7 years. METHODS: We included a total of 905 mother-child pairs who enrolled in the follow-up visit of the multicentre Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study, at the Hong Kong Centre. Women were classified as having gained weight below, within or exceeding the 2009 Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines. A standardised GWG according to pre-pregnancy BMI categories was calculated to explore for any quadratic relationship. RESULTS: Independent of pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational hyperglycaemia and other confounders, women who gained more weight than the IOM recommendations had offspring with a larger body size and increased odds of adiposity, hypertension and insulin resistance (range of p values of all the traits: 4.6 × 10(-9) < p < 0.0390) than women who were within the recommended range of weight gain during pregnancy. Meanwhile, women who gained less weight than outlined in the recommendations had offspring with increased risks of hypertension and insulin resistance, compared with those who gained weight within the recommended range (7.9 × 10(-3) < p < 0.0477). Quadratic relationships for diastolic blood pressure, AUC for insulin, pancreatic beta cell function and insulin sensitivity index were confirmed in the analysis of standardised GWG (1.4 × 10(-3) < p(quadratic) < 0.0282). Further adjustment for current BMI noticeably attenuated the observed associations. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Both excessive and inadequate GWG have independent and significant impacts on childhood adiposity, hypertension and insulin resistance. Our findings support the notion that adverse intrauterine exposures are associated with persistent cardiometabolic risk in the offspring.
Reproduction and lifespan: Trade-offs, overall energy budgets, intergenerational costs, and costs neglected by research.; In human females allocation of resources to support reproduction may cause their insufficient supply to other metabolic functions, resulting in compromised physiology, increased risks of diseases and, consequently, reduced lifespan. While many studies on both historical and contemporary populations show that women with high fertility indeed have shorter lifespans. This relationship is far from universal: a lack of correlation between fertility and lifespan, or even an increased lifespan of women with high fertility have also been documented. Reduced lifespan in women with high fertility may be undetectable due to methodological weaknesses of research or it may be truly absent, and its absence may be explained from biological principles. I will discuss the following reasons for a lack of the negative relationship, described in some demographic studies, between the number of children and lifespan in women: (1) Number of children is only a proxy of the total costs of reproduction and the cost of breastfeeding is often higher than the pregnancy cost but is often not taken into account. (2) Costs of reproduction can be interpreted in a meaningful way only when they are analyzed in relation to the overall energy budget of the woman. (3) Trade-offs between risks of different diseases due to reproduction yield different mortality predictions depending on the socio-economic status of the studied populations. (4) Costs of reproduction are related not only to having children but also to having grandchildren. Such intergenerational costs should be included in analysis of trade-offs between costs of reproduction and longevity.
S3 Guideline for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris, update - Short version part 2 - Special patient populations and treatment situations.; The German guideline for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris was updated using GRADE methodology. The guideline is based on a systematic literature review completed on December 1, 2016, and on a formal consensus and approval process. The second part of this short version of the guideline covers the following special patient populations and treatment situations: tuberculosis screening before and during psoriasis treatment, choice of psoriasis treatment for individuals wishing to have children, as well as during pregnancy and breast-feeding, and patients with joint involvement and vaccinations. In addition, recommendations on the choice of treatment are presented for patients with the following comorbidities: hepatitis and other hepatic impairment, HIV, malignancies, neurological and psychiatric disorders, ischemic heart disease and congestive heart failure, diabetes mellitus, renal impairment and inflammatory bowel disease.
Maternal age and risk for adverse outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to characterize the risk for severe maternal morbidity and other pregnancy complications by maternal age during delivery hospitalizations. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort analysis used the Perspective database to characterize the risk for adverse maternal outcomes from 2006 to 2015 based on maternal age. Women were divided into 7 categories based on maternal age: 15-17, 18-24, 25-29, 30-34, 35-39, 40-44, and 45-54 years of age. The primary outcome of this study was severe maternal morbidity as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Secondary outcomes included (1) overall comorbid risk; (2) risk for pregnancy complications such as postpartum hemorrhage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery; and (3) risk for individual severe morbidity diagnoses such as stroke, embolism, eclampsia, and hysterectomy. Adjusted models were fitted to assess factors associated with severe morbidity with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) as measures of effect. Population weights were applied to create national estimates. RESULTS: Of 36,944,292 deliveries included, 2.5% occurred among women aged 15-17 years (n = 921,236), 29.1% to women aged 18-24 years (n = 10,732,715), 28.6% to women aged 25-29 years (n = 10,564,850), 24.9% to women aged 30-34 years (n = 9,213,227), 12.1% to women aged 35-39 years (n = 4,479,236), 2.6% to women aged 40-44 years (n = 974,289), and 0.2% to women aged 45-54 years (n = 58,739). In unadjusted analyses, severe morbidity was more than 3 times higher (risk ratio [RR], 3.33, 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.03-3.66) for women 45-54 years compared with women 25-29 years. Women aged 40-44, 35-39, and 15-17 years were also at increased risk (RR, 1.83, 95% CI, 1.77-1.89; RR, 1.36, 95% CI, 1.33-1.39; RR, 1.39, 95% CI, 1.34-1.45, respectively). In the adjusted model, the 45-54 year old group was associated with the highest relative risk (aRR, 3.46, 95% CI, 3.15-3.80) followed by the 40-44 year old group (aRR 1.90, 95% CI, 1.84-1.97), the 35-39 year old group (aRR, 1.43, 95% CI, 1.40-1.47), and the 15-17 year old group (aRR, 1.20, 95% CI, 1.15-1.24). Cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, postpartum hemorrhage, and gestational diabetes were most common among women aged 45-54 years, as were thrombosis and hysterectomy. CONCLUSION: While differential risk was noted across maternal age categories, women aged 45 years old and older were at highest risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes during delivery hospitalizations.
Hypertension in pregnancy is a risk factor for peripheral arterial disease decades after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: An ankle-brachial index (ABI) (the ratio of ankle to brachial artery systolic blood pressure) value ≤0.9 identifies patients with peripheral arterial disease (PAD) and elevated cardiovascular event risk. This study examined whether women with a history of hypertension in pregnancy are more likely to have an ABI ≤0.9 decades after pregnancy. METHODS AND RESULTS: ABI was measured in nulliparous women (n = 144), and women with a history of normotensive (n = 1272) or hypertensive (n = 281) pregnancies who participated in the Genetic Epidemiology Network of Arteriopathy (GENOA) study [non-Hispanic white (39%) and black (61%) women, 60 (mean) ± 10 (SD) years of age]. Relationships between PAD and pregnancy history were examined by logistic regression. Compared to women with a history of normotensive pregnancy, women with a history of hypertensive pregnancy had greater odds of PAD (1.61 (odds ratio); 1.04-2.49 (95% confidence interval), p = 0.03, adjusted for age, race, height and heart rate). Additional adjustment for ever smoking, hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, a family history of hypertension or coronary heart disease, body mass index and education did not attenuate this relationship (1.63; 1.02-2.62, p = 0.04). PAD risk did not differ between women with a history of normotensive pregnancy and nulliparous women (1.06; 0.52-2.14, p = 0.87). CONCLUSIONS: Hypertension in pregnancy is an independent risk factor for PAD decades after pregnancy after adjusting for race, age, height, heart rate, ever smoking, hypertension, diabetes, dyslipidemia, a family history of hypertension or coronary heart disease, body mass index and education.
Lipoprotein(a): new insights into an atherogenic lipoprotein.; Lipoprotein(a) constitutes a macromolecular complex in human plasma that combines structural features from the blood clotting and the lipoprotein systems. Aside from the discovery of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] as a potential independent risk factor for premature cardiovascular disease its physiological role and activity remains obscure. Since the site of catabolism has not yet been fully characterized, there is intensive search for factors which influence plasma Lp(a) levels. Several clinical conditions and metabolic states have been identified to be added to the disorders of the lipid metabolism itself that modulate Lp(a) plasma levels. Diseases of the kidney and their accompanying factors (proteinuria and nephrotic syndrome) as well as end-stage renal disease and their treatment modalities (hemodialysis, peritoneal dialysis, and kidney transplantation) have all been found to increase Lp(a) plasma levels substantially. Fluctuations in Lp(a) also seem to occur in states of hormonal changes, such as in diabetes mellitus, after estrogen treatment, and during pregnancy. Recently a plausible mechanism for the atherogenic activity of Lp(a) has been ascribed to the inhibiting effect of Lp(a) on plasminogen activation, thus decreasing plasmin formation which in turn reduces the activation of transforming growth factor beta, a potent inhibitor of smooth muscle cell proliferation. Lp(a) exerts its pathological effect at plasma levels in the range of 20-30 mg/dl. Therefore, it seems mandatory to quantitate Lp(a) levels in patients who are at risk of developing progressive atherosclerotic disease to identify those with high levels of this unique atherogenic lipoprotein.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Effects of streptozotocin-induced type 1 maternal diabetes on PI3K/AKT signaling pathway in the hippocampus of rat neonates.; Diabetes in pregnancy impairs hippocampus development in offspring, leading to behavioral problems and learning deficits. Phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/protein kinase B (PKB/Akt) signaling pathway plays a pivotal role in the regulation of neuronal proliferation, survival and death. The present study was designed to examine the effects of maternal diabetes on PKB/Akt expression and phosphorylation in the developing rat hippocampus. Wistar female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition and male offspring was killed at first postnatal day (P1). The hippocampal expression and phosphorylation level of PKB/Akt, one of the key molecules in PI3K/AKT signaling pathway, was evaluated using real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and western blot analysis. We found a significant bilateral downregulation of AKT1 gene expression in the hippocampus of pups born to diabetic mothers (p < 0.05). Interestingly, our results revealed a marked upregulation of Akt1 gene in insulin-treated group compared with other groups (p < 0.05). The western blot analysis also showed the reduction of phosphorylation level of all AKT isoforms in both diabetic and insulin-treated groups compared with control (p < 0.05). Moreover, the results showed a significant increase in phosphorylation level of AKT in insulin-treated group compared with the diabetic group. These results represent that diabetes during pregnancy strongly influences the regulation of PKB/AKT in the developing rat hippocampus. Furthermore, although the control of glycemia by insulin administration is not sufficient to prevent the alterations in PKB/Akt expression, it modulates the phosphorylation process, thus ultimately resulting in a situation comparable to that found in the normal condition.
Pre-pregnancy weight loss in women with obesity requesting removal of their intra-uterine contraceptive device in order to conceive: a pilot study of full meal replacement.; Obesity during pregnancy is associated with increased risks of thromboembolism, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, congenital anomaly, macrosomia and stillbirth. The current practice, directed at reducing gestational weight gain, is largely ineffective. The present pilot study was designed to assess the acceptability of a 24-week intensive weight management programme (IWMP; full meal replacement followed by partial meal replacement and weight stabilization) to achieve weight loss for women with obesity requesting removal of their intra-uterine contraceptive device in order to conceive. Twenty six (65%) of eligible participants consented to the IWMP; three received this as routine National Health Service care in the University College Hospital clinic and 14 participated in the study. The commonest reasons for not participating were dislike of milk, anxiety and lack of support from family and friends. Omitting one woman who dropped out because of problems unrelated to the intervention, the completion rate was 46.2%. Including all women who started the programme, mean body mass index decreased significantly (P = 0.005) from 37.8 to 35.3 kg/m(2) . The median percentage decrease was significantly (P = 0.007) greater for women who completed the study (14.2) compared to those who dropped out (1.2). These results suggest an impressive level of weight loss in about one third of all women offered the IWMP who had to defer what they were seeking (pregnancy) while following a challenging programme that they were not seeking. However, studies of other interventions, such as partial meal replacement or commercial products, which may have higher rates of completion are still required.
Placental location and newborn weight.; OBJECTIVE: Previous studies suggest that placental location may affect fetal growth and the risks of preterm birth and preeclampsia. We studied the association between placental location and newborn weight. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of 796 consecutive singleton births in women who delivered at ≥ 37 weeks' gestation between July and October 2009. We evaluated placental location at the time of the second trimester prenatal ultrasound at 16 to 24 weeks' gestation. Placental location was classified as lateral or central/fundal. We assessed the difference in newborn weight according to placental location and the incidence of small for gestational age birth weight < 10th percentile and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Using logistic regression analysis, odds ratios were adjusted for maternal age, world region of birth, gravidity, parity, maternal weight, history of hypertension or diabetes, current smoking or illicit drug use, and infant sex. RESULTS: Among women with lateral versus central/fundal placentas, the respective mean (SD) birth weights were 3298 (550) g and 3352 (579) g (mean difference 54 g, 95% CI 53 to 161; P = 0.32). Relative to central/fundal location, laterally located placentas had an adjusted OR of 0.81 (95% CI 0.42 to 1.54) for SGA and 0.62 (95% CI 0.18 to 2.10) for preeclampsia/gestational hypertension. CONCLUSION: Placental location was not associated with differences in newborn weight or other perinatal outcomes.
The principles of uncomplicated exodontia: simple steps for safe extractions.; This article reviews the basic principles of patient evaluation and surgical techniques to accomplish extraction of teeth in an uncomplicated manner. Also presented are techniques for extraction-site grafting with bioactive glass.
Gestational Age and the Cord Blood Lipidomic Profile in Late Preterm and Term Infants.; BACKGROUND: Lipid metabolism is vital to fetal development and cardiometabolic health and the final weeks of gestation are known to be a time of intense metabolic activity. New techniques such as lipidomics allow investigation of a complex lipidomic profile in infants. OBJECTIVES: This research aimed to (1) describe variations in lipidomic profile in late preterm and term infants and (2) compare variations to an adult lipidomic profile with known clinical implications. METHODS: The Barwon Infant Study (n = 1,074) is a population-derived pre-birth cohort study. The lipidomic profile of cord blood was measured by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry in 225 participants and the association between gestational age and lipidomic profile was investigated using multiple linear regression adjusting for birth weight, exposure to labour, and infant sex. Patterns of association with gestational age across the lipidomic profile were compared with associations between body mass index (BMI) and lipidomic profile observed among adults in the San Antonia Family Heart Study (n = 994). RESULTS: Gestational age was independently associated with the abundances of 39% of lipid species. Variations in the lipidomic profile with increasing gestational age were comparable to some variations observed in association with increasing BMI among adults. CONCLUSION: There is a strong relationship between gestational age and the cord blood lipid profile at birth, providing further evidence for the importance of metabolic changes of late gestation. A number of the variations in the lipid profile with increasing gestational age are analogous to differences observed in the adult lipid profile with an increasing BMI.
Lifecourse childhood adiposity trajectories associated with adolescent insulin resistance.; OBJECTIVE: In light of the obesity epidemic, we aimed to characterize novel childhood adiposity trajectories from birth to age 14 years and to determine their relation to adolescent insulin resistance. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: A total of 1,197 Australian children with cardiovascular/metabolic profiling at age 14 years were studied serially from birth to age 14 years. Semiparametric mixture modeling was applied to anthropometric data over eight time points to generate adiposity trajectories of z scores (weight-for-height and BMI). Fasting insulin and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) were compared at age 14 years between adiposity trajectories. RESULTS: Seven adiposity trajectories were identified. Three (two rising and one chronic high adiposity) trajectories comprised 32% of the population and were associated with significantly higher fasting insulin and HOMA-IR compared with a reference trajectory group (with longitudinal adiposity z scores of approximately zero). There was a significant sex by trajectory group interaction (P < 0.001). Girls within a rising trajectory from low to moderate adiposity did not show increased insulin resistance. Maternal obesity, excessive weight gain during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes were more prevalent in the chronic high adiposity trajectory. CONCLUSIONS: A range of childhood adiposity trajectories exist. The greatest insulin resistance at age 14 years is seen in those with increasing trajectories regardless of birth weight and in high birth weight infants whose adiposity remains high. Public health professionals should urgently target both excessive weight gain in early childhood across all birth weights and maternal obesity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy.
β-blockers as the First Line of Treatment for Hypertension Management.; β-adrenergic blocker group of medicines has been traditionally used to control high blood pressure since propranolol was discovered by Sir James Black almost 50 years ago. They were the drug of choice in hypertension (HTN) associated with ischemic heart disease, tachyarrhythmias including atrial fibrillation (AF), and anxiety. Congestive cardiac failure was a relative contraindication, but with major advances in science, it became an absolute indication. However, with the advent of newer antihypertensives, especially calcium channel blocker (CCBs) and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone inhibitors, comparative studies were done, and depending on the outcomes of these trials, β-blockers (BBs) were downgraded to fourth or fifth-line therapy, except in the conditions mentioned above, along with HTN in pregnancy. But clinicians never rejected BBs as important antihypertensives, as evidenced by various real-world data. Also, many investigators found the unfairness of the trial designs where BBs were poor performers. The fact that all BBs are not similar, and differ widely in various properties, added to the question of downgrading all BBs on the basis of trials mostly with atenolol, which is also used once daily. Moreover, trials like ASCOT could not show the reduction of most of the events after long-term follow-up with the use of newer antihypertensives. Added to the issue is the fact that the majority of the trials used BBs with diuretics, and selecting BBs as the sole nonperformer appears to be unjustified and illogical. The recent European Society of HTN (ESH) guideline reemphasized the fact that all the five major classes of antihypertensives, including BBs, can be used as first-line medicine and also can be used interchangeably. Moreover, apart from the traditional indications of BBs, this guideline listed nineteen other conditions, including high heart rate (HR), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and obstructive sleep apnoea, as the conditions where BBs are preferred agents as antihypertensive. So, the life history of BBs in HTN has completed a full cycle, and they are ready now for prime time again. How to cite this article: Ray S, Saboo B, Joshi S, et al. β-blockers as the First Line of Treatment for Hypertension Management. J Assoc Physicians India 2023;71(9):95-100.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes for pregnancies before and after gastric bypass surgery.; BACKGROUND: Interaction between maternal obesity, intrauterine environment and adverse clinical outcomes of newborns has been described. METHODS: Using statewide birth certificate data, this retrospective, matched-control cohort study compared paired birth weights and complications of infants born to women before and after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass surgery (RYGB) and to matched obese non-operated women in several different groups. Women who had given birth to a child before and after RYGB (group 1; n=295 matches) and women with pregnancies after RYGB (group 2; n=764 matches) were matched to non-operated women based on age, body mass index (BMI) prior to both pregnancy and RYGB, mother's race, year of mother/s birth, date of infant births and birth order. In addition, birth weights of 13 143 live births before and/or after RYGB of their mothers (n=5819) were compared (group 3). RESULTS: Odds ratios (ORs) for having a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) neonate were significantly less after RYGB than for non-surgical mothers: ORs for groups 1 and 2 were 0.19 (0.08-0.38) and 0.33 (0.21-0.51), respectively. In contrast, ORs in all three groups for risk of having a small for gestational age (SGA) neonate were greater for RYGB mothers compared to non-surgical mothers (ORs were 2.16 (1.00-5.04); 2.16 (1.43-3.32); and 2.25 (1.89-2.69), respectively). Neonatal complications were not different for group 1 RYGB and non-surgical women for the first pregnancy following RYGB. Pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes were significantly lower for the first pregnancy of mothers following RYGB compared to matched pregnancies of non-surgical mothers. CONCLUSION: Women who had undergone RYGB not only had lower risk for having an LGA neonate compared to BMI-matched mothers, but also had significantly higher risk for delivering an SGA neonate following RYGB. RYGB women were less likely than non-operated women to have pregnancy-related hypertension and diabetes.
Metformin: an old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes.; The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection.
Adverse obstetric outcomes in pregnancies resulting from oocyte donation: a retrospective cohort case study in Sweden.; BACKGROUND: Oocyte donation has been associated to gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, placental abnormalities, preterm delivery and increased rate of caesarean delivery while simultaneously being characterized by high rates of primiparity, advanced maternal age and multiple gestation constituting the individual risk of mode of conception difficult to assess. This study aims to explore obstetrical outcomes among relatively young women with optimal health status conceiving singletons with donated versus autologous oocytes (via IVF and spontaneously). METHODS: National retrospective cohort case study involving 76 women conceiving with donated oocytes, 150 nulliparous women without infertility conceiving spontaneously and 63 women conceiving after non-donor IVF. Data on obstetric outcomes were retrieved from the National Birth Medical Register and the medical records of oocyte recipients from the treating University Hospitals of Sweden. Demographic and logistic regression analysis were performed to examine the association of mode of conception and obstetric outcomes. RESULTS: Women conceiving with donated oocytes (OD) had a higher risk of hypertensive disorders [adjusted Odds Ratio (aOR) 2.84, 95% CI (1.04-7.81)], oligohydramnios [aOR 12.74, 95% CI (1.24-130.49)], postpartum hemorrhage [aOR 7.11, 95% CI (2.02-24.97)] and retained placenta [aOR 6.71, 95% CI (1.58-28.40)] when compared to women who conceived spontaneously, after adjusting for relevant covariates. Similar trends, though not statistically significant, were noted when comparing OD pregnant women to women who had undergone non-donor IVF. Caesarean delivery [aOR 2.95, 95% CI (1.52-5.71); aOR 5.20, 95% CI (2.21-12.22)] and induction of labor [aOR 3.00, 95% CI (1.39-6.44); aOR 2.80, 95% CI (1.10-7.08)] occurred more frequently in the OD group, compared to the group conceiving spontaneously and through IVF respectively. No differences in gestational length were noted between the groups. With regard to the indication of OD treatment, higher intervention was observed in women with diminished ovarian reserve but the risk for hypertensive disorders did not differ after adjustment. CONCLUSION: The selection process of recipients for medically indicated oocyte donation treatment in Sweden seems to be effective in excluding women with severe comorbidities. Nevertheless, oocyte recipients-despite being relatively young and of optimal health status- need careful counseling preconceptionally and closer monitoring prenatally for the development of hypertensive disorders.
Cardiometabolic health after first pregnancy: Associations with social determinants of health. A nuMoM2b-HHS study.; STUDY OBJECTIVE: This study sought to evaluate the associations between social determinants of health (SDOH) at the time of first pregnancy and subsequent cardiometabolic health, defined as the development of metabolic syndrome. DESIGN: nuMoM2b-HHS (Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study- Monitoring Mothers-to-Be-Heart Health Study) is an ongoing prospective cohort study. SETTING: Eight academic medical centers enrolled and continue to follow participants. PARTICIPANTS: 4484 participants followed a mean of 3.2 years from the time of their first pregnancy. INTERVENTIONS: N/a. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Unadjusted and adjusted Poisson regression models with robust standard errors were used to obtain relative risks and 95% confidence intervals estimating the risk of metabolic syndrome for each baseline SDOH. In secondary analyses we examined the associations between SDOH and incident hypertension, obesity, and diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Metabolic syndrome developed in 13.6% of participants. Higher socioeconomic position at the time of pregnancy was associated with lower rates of metabolic syndrome [income > 200% poverty level aRR 0.55 (95% CI, 0.42-0.71), attainment of a bachelor's degree aRR 0.62 (0.46-0.84) or higher aRR 0.50 (0.35-0.71)], while being single [aRR 1.45 (95% CI, 1.18-1.77)] and having low health literacy were associated with a greater risk of metabolic syndrome [aRR 1.98 (95% CI, 1.28-3.07)]. CONCLUSIONS: Over a short interval following first pregnancy, participants accumulated high proportions of cardiovascular risk factors and metabolic syndrome, with some risk associated with SDOH. The impact of interventions addressing SDOH in pregnant people on cardiometabolic health should be tested as a means of reducing health inequities at the population level.
Major determinants of survival and length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit of newborns from women with premature preterm rupture of membranes.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the predictors of outcome in terms of length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and survival of neonates from women with preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). METHODS: A population-based retrospective study including 331 singleton pregnant women with PPROM at 24-34 gestational weeks between January 2013 and December 2015 was conducted. Gestational age at delivery, birth weight, route of delivery, newborn gender, maternal age, oligohydramnios, premature retinopathy (ROP), necrotising enterocolitis (NEC), sepsis, fetal growth retardation (FGR), intracranial hemorrhagia (ICH), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), primary pulmonary hypertension (PPH), congenital cardiac disease (CCD), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), use of cortisol (betamethasone) and maternal complications including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and chorioamnionitis were used to predict neonatal outcomes in terms of length of stay in the NICU and survival. RESULTS: In linear regression analyses, birth weight, ROP, CCD, BPD, PDA, NEC and preeclampsia were significant confounders for length of stay in the NICU. Among them, birth weight was the most powerful confounder for prolongation of the NICU stay (t: -6.43; p < 0.001). In multivariate logistic regression analyses, birth weight, PDA, ROP and PPH were significantly correlated with neonatal survival. PPH was the most powerful confounder in neonatal survival (β: 7.22; p = 0.005). CONCLUSION: Prematurity-related complications are the most important problems for which precautions should be taken. Therefore, premature deliveries should be avoided to prevent infection and to prolong the latent period in cases of PPROM in order to decrease prematurity-related outcomes.
Major birth defects among infants with Down syndrome in Alexandria, Egypt (1995-2000): trends and risk factors.; We evaluated the hypothesis that the trisomy 21 genome interacts with environmental factors during early pregnancy to increase the risk for birth anomalies in Down syndrome infants in Alexandria, Egypt. A case-control study on 514 infants with confirmed Down syndrome was carried out from 1 July 1995 to 30 June 2000. Genetic, biological, environmental and reproductive factors were analysed. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed the following factors to be independently associated with increased risk of congenital heart diseases among Down syndrome patients: parental consanguinity, maternal parents' consanguinity, mother's antibiotics use in pregnancy, oral contraceptive use and diabetes in the mother. Fever in the mother during pregnancy was associated with increased risk of gastrointestinal anomalies.
Evidence based recommendations for an optimal prenatal supplement for women in the US: vitamins and related nutrients.; The blood levels of most vitamins decrease during pregnancy if un-supplemented, including vitamins A, C, D, K, B1, B3, B5, B6, folate, biotin, and B12. Sub-optimal intake of vitamins from preconception through pregnancy increases the risk of many pregnancy complications and infant health problems. In the U.S., dietary intake of vitamins is often below recommended intakes, especially for vitamin D, choline and DHA. Many studies suggest that insufficient vitamin intake is associated with a wide range of pregnancy complications (anemia, Cesarean section, depression, gestational diabetes, hypertension, infertility, preeclampsia, and premature rupture of membranes) and infant health problems (asthma/wheeze, autism, low birth weight, congenital heart defects, intellectual development, intrauterine growth restriction, miscarriage, neural tube defects, orofacial defects, and preterm birth). The primary goal of this paper is to review the research literature and propose evidence-based recommendations for the optimal level of prenatal supplementation for each vitamin for most women in the United States. A secondary goal was to compare these new recommendations with the levels of vitamins in over 180 commercial prenatal supplements. The analysis found that prenatal supplements vary widely in content, often contained only a subset of essential vitamins, and the levels were often below our recommendations. This suggests that increasing prenatal vitamin supplementation to the levels recommended here may reduce the incidence of many pregnancy complications and infant health problems which currently occur.
Association of rule of law and health outcomes: an ecological study.; OBJECTIVES: To explore whether the rule of law is a foundational determinant of health that underlies other socioeconomic, political and cultural factors that have been associated with health outcomes. SETTING: Global project. PARTICIPANTS: Data set of 96 countries, comprising 91% of the global population. PRIMARY AND SECONDARY OUTCOME MEASURES: The following health indicators, infant mortality rate, maternal mortality rate, life expectancy, and cardiovascular disease and diabetes mortality rate, were included to explore their association with the rule of law. We used a novel Rule of Law Index, gathered from survey sources, in a cross-sectional and ecological design. The Index is based on eight subindices: (1) Constraints on Government Powers; (2) Absence of Corruption; (3) Order and Security; (4) Fundamental Rights; (5) Open Government; (6) Regulatory Enforcement, (7) Civil Justice; and (8) Criminal Justice. RESULTS: The rule of law showed an independent association with infant mortality rate, maternal mortality rate, life expectancy, and cardiovascular disease and diabetes mortality rate, after adjusting for the countries' level of per capita income, their expenditures in health, their level of political and civil freedom, their Gini measure of inequality and women's status (p<0.05). Rule of law remained significant in all the multivariate models, and the following adjustment for potential confounders remained robust for at least one or more of the health outcomes across all eight subindices of the rule of law. Findings show that the higher the country's level of adherence to the rule of law, the better the health of the population. CONCLUSIONS: It is necessary to start considering the country's adherence to the rule of law as a foundational determinant of health. Health advocates should consider the improvement of rule of law as a tool to improve population health. Conversely, lack of progress in rule of law may constitute a structural barrier to health improvement.
Is preeclampsia associated with fetal malformation? A review and report of original research.; OBJECTIVE: To examine fetal malformations in mother-infant pairs with and without pregnancy-related hypertension. METHODS: This was an observational, population-based study of women delivering a singleton at our hospital. Specific fetal malformations identified in women with gestational hypertension or preeclampsia were compared to those without pregnancy-related hypertension. Women with chronic hypertension, superimposed preeclampsia on chronic hypertension and pregestational diabetes were excluded. RESULTS: Between March 2002 and December 2012, a total of 151 997 women delivered, and 10 492 (7%) had preeclampsia, 4282 (3%) had gestational hypertension and 137,223 (90%) were referent normotensive controls. Women with preeclampsia were significantly more likely to deliver infants with malformations when compared to normotensive controls (2.5% versus 1.6%, p < 0.001), whereas women with gestational hypertension were not (1.9% versus 1.6%, p = 0.16). The overall risk for fetal malformation associated with preeclampsia remained significant following logistic regression for age, race, parity and maternal body-habitus (adjusted OR 1.5; 95% CI: 1.3-1.7). Only single-organ system malformations - microcephaly and hypospadias - remained associated with preeclampsia (p < 0.001), and fetal growth restriction was a co-factor for both. CONCLUSIONS: Preeclampsia was associated with increased rates of fetal malformations when compared to normotensive women - specifically microcephaly and hypospadias. These associations appear predominantly as a consequence of impaired fetal growth.
Racial Disparity in Postpartum Readmission due to Hypertension among Women with Pregnancy-Associated Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: Postpartum hypertension is a leading cause of readmission in the postpartum period. We aimed to examine the prevalence of racial/ethnic differences in postpartum readmission due to hypertension in women with antepartum pregnancy-associated hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: This was a multi-institutional retrospective cohort study of all women with antepartum pregnancy-associated hypertension diagnosed prior to initial discharge from January 2009 to December 2016. Antepartum pregnancy-associated hypertension, such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia (with or without severe features), hemolysis, elevated liver enzyme, low platelet (HELLP) syndrome, and eclampsia was diagnosed based on American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists Task Force definitions. Women with chronic hypertension and superimposed preeclampsia were excluded. Our primary outcome was postpartum readmission defined as a readmission due to severe hypertension within 6 weeks of postpartum. Risk factors including maternal age, gestational age at admission, insurance, race/ethnicity (self-reported), type of antepartum pregnancy-associated hypertension, marital status, body mass index (kg/m(2)), diabetes (gestational or pregestational), use of antihypertensive medications, mode of delivery, and postpartum day 1 systolic blood pressure levels were examined. Multivariable logistic regression models were performed to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). RESULTS: Of 4,317 women with pregnancy-associated hypertension before initial discharge, 66 (1.5%) had postpartum readmission due to hypertension. Risk factors associated with postpartum readmission due to hypertension included older maternal age (aOR = 1.44; 95% CI: 1.20-1.73 for every 5 year increase) and non-Hispanic black race (aOR = 2.12; 95% CI: 1.16-3.87). CONCLUSION: In women with pregnancy-associated hypertension before initial discharge, non-Hispanic black women were at increased odds of postpartum readmission due to hypertension compared with non-Hispanic white women.
Occurrence of sialic acids in healthy humans and different disorders.; Sialic acid (SA), N-acetylated derivatives of neuraminic acid, play a central role in the biomedical functioning of humans. The normal range of total sialic acid (TSA) level in serum/plasma is 1.58-2.22 mmol L-1, the free form of SA only constituting 0.5-3 mumol L-1 and the lipid-associated (LSA) forms 10-50 mumol L-1. Notably, considerably higher amounts of free SA are found in urine than in serum/plasma (approximately 50% of the total SA). In inherited SA storage diseases such as Salla's disease, SA levels are elevated many times over, and their determination during clinical investigation is well established. Furthermore, a number of reports describe elevated SA levels in various other diseases, tentatively suggesting broader clinical utility for SA markers. Increased SA concentrations have been reported during inflammatory processes, probably resulting from increased levels of richly sialylated acute-phase glycoproteins. A connection between increased SA levels and elevated stroke and cardiovascular mortality risk has also been reported. In addition, SA levels are slightly increased in cancer, positively correlating with the degree of metastasis, as well as in alcohol abuse, diabetes, chronic renal failure and chronic glomerulonephritis. Several different mechanisms are assumed to underlie the elevated SA concentrations in these disorders. The apparent non-specificity of SA to a given disease limits the potential clinical usefulness of SA determination. In addition, some non-pathological factors, such as aging, pregnancy and smoking, may cause changes in SA concentrations. The absolute increases in SA levels are also rather small (save those in inherited SA storage disorders); this further limits the clinical potential of SA as a marker. Tentatively, SA markers might serve as adjuncts, when combined with other markers, in disease screening, disease progression follow-up, and in the monitoring of treatment response. To become clinically useful, however, the existing SA determination assays need to be considerably refined to reduce interferences, to be specific for certain SA forms, and to be more easy to use.
Adrenomedullin and endocrine disorders.; Adrenomedullin (AM) is a recently discovered potent vasodilatory peptide, originally isolated in extracts of human pheochromocytoma, with activities including maintenance of cardiovascular and renal homeostasis through vasodilatation, diuresis and natriuresis. Human AM consists of 52 amino acids with a 6-member ring structure linked by a disulfide bond and amidated COOH terminal, which belongs to calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) and amylin. The main sites of AM production are the lungs, vascular tissues (both endothelial and smooth muscle cells), heart, kidney, adrenal glands, pancreatic islets, placenta, anterior pituitary gland and gastrointestinal neuroendocrine system. Intravenous injection of AM increases blood flow predominantly in the tissues with the highest AM expression, suggesting that AM functions primarily as a paracrine/autocrine hormone, but it is also important as circulating hormone. The objective of this review is to analyze the evidence that AM may play a role in some endocrine disorders.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and onset of chronic hypertension in France: the nationwide CONCEPTION study.; AIMS: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are a leading cause of maternal and foetal morbidity and mortality. We aimed to estimate the impact of HDP on the onset of chronic hypertension in primiparous women in the first years following childbirth. METHODS AND RESULTS: This nationwide cohort study used data from the French National Health Data System (SNDS). All eligible primiparous women without pre-existing chronic hypertension who delivered between 2010 and 2018 were included. Women were followed up from six weeks post-partum until onset of hypertension, a cardiovascular event, death, or the study end date (31 December 2018). The main outcome was a diagnosis of chronic hypertension. We used Cox models to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) of chronic hypertension for all types of HDP. Overall, 2 663 573 women were included with a mean follow-up time of 3.0 years. Among them, 180 063 (6.73%) had an HDP. Specifically 66 260 (2.16%) had pre-eclampsia (PE) and 113 803 (4.27%) had gestational hypertension (GH). Compared with women who had no HDP, the fully adjusted HRs of chronic hypertension were 6.03 [95% confidence interval (CI) 5.89-6.17] for GH, 8.10 (95% CI 7.88-8.33) for PE (all sorts), 12.95 (95% CI 12.29-13.65) for early PE, 9.90 (95% CI 9.53-10.28) for severe PE, and 13.17 (95% CI 12.74-13.60) for PE following GH. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy exposure duration was an additional risk factor of chronic hypertension for all PE subgroups. Women with HDP consulted a general practitioner or cardiologist more frequently and earlier. CONCLUSION: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy exposure greatly increased the risk of chronic hypertension in the first years following delivery.
Recent Updates and Advances in the Use of Glycated Albumin for the Diagnosis and Monitoring of Diabetes and Renal, Cerebro- and Cardio-Metabolic Diseases.; Diabetes mellitus is a heterogeneous and dysmetabolic chronic disease in which the laboratory plays a fundamental role, from diagnosis to monitoring therapy and studying complications. Early diagnosis and good glycemic control should start as early as possible to delay and prevent metabolic and cardio-vascular complications secondary to this disease. Glycated hemoglobin is currently used as the reference parameter. The accuracy of the glycated hemoglobin dosage may be compromised in subjects suffering from chronic renal failure and terminal nephropathy, affected by the reduction in the survival of erythrocytes, with consequent decrease in the time available for glucose to attach to the hemoglobin. In the presence of these renal comorbidities as well as hemoglobinopathies and pregnancy, glycated hemoglobin is not reliable. In such conditions, dosage of glycated albumin can help. Glycated albumin is not only useful for short-term diagnosis and monitoring but predicts the risk of diabetes, even in the presence of euglycemia. This protein is modified in subjects who do not yet have a glycemic alteration but, as a predictive factor, heralds the risk of diabetic disease. This review summarizes the importance of glycated albumin as a biomarker for predicting and stratifying the cardiovascular risk linked to multiorgan metabolic alterations.
Metformin: Up to Date.; BACKGROUND: Metformin is an oral hypoglycemic agent extensively used as first-line therapy for type 2 diabetes. It improves hyperglycemia by suppressing hepatic glucose production and increasing glucose uptake in muscles. Metformin improves insulin sensitivity and shows a beneficial effect on weight control. Besides its metabolic positive effects, Metformin has direct effects on inflammation and can have immunomodulatory and antineoplastic properties. AIM: The aim of this narrative review was to summarize the up-to-date evidence from the current literature about the metabolic and non-metabolic effects of Metformin. METHODS: We reviewed the current literature dealing with different effects and properties of Metformin and current recommendations about the use of this drug. We identified keywords and MeSH terms in Pubmed and the terms Metformin and type 2 diabetes, type 1 diabetes, pregnancy, heart failure, PCOS, etc, were searched, selecting only significant original articles and review in English, in particular of the last five years. CONCLUSION: Even if many new effective hypoglycemic agents have been launched in the market in the last few years, Metformin would always keep a place in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and its comorbidities because of its multiple positive effects and low cost.
Gestational Age of Delivery in Pregnancies Complicated by Chronic Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the gestational age of planned delivery in pregnancies complicated by chronic hypertension that minimizes the risk of perinatal death and severe adverse events. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of all singletons complicated by hypertension. Detailed patient-level information was collected by chart review, including indication for delivery. Planned delivery at 36-36 6/7, 37-37 6/7, 38-38 6/7, and 39-39 6/7 weeks of gestation was compared with expectant management beyond each respective gestational age. Patients were excluded for fetal anomalies, inaccurate dating, and major medical problems other than hypertension, diabetes, or renal disease. The primary outcome was a composite of stillbirth, neonatal death, assisted ventilation, cord pH less than 7.0, 5-minute Apgar score of 3 or less, and neonatal seizures. Secondary outcomes were preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia, primary cesarean delivery, and neonatal length of stay greater than 5 days. Groups were compared using Student's t test and χ tests. RESULTS: Six hundred eighty-three women with hypertension reached 36 weeks of gestation. Patients with planned delivery at less than 39 weeks of gestation were more likely to have baseline renal disease. Before 37 weeks of gestation, planned delivery was associated with a statistically significant increase in the primary composite adverse neonatal outcome (10.0% compared with 2.6%, P=.04); after 38 weeks of gestation, expectant management was associated with a nonstatistically significant increase in the primary composite outcome (0% compared with 2.3%, P=.40). Expectant management beyond 39 weeks of gestation was associated with a statistically significant increase in severe preeclampsia (0% compared with 10.3%, P=.001). CONCLUSION: Expectant management beyond 39 weeks of gestation was associated with increasing incidence of severe preeclampsia; planned delivery before 37 weeks of gestation was associated with an increase in adverse neonatal outcomes. Further well-powered studies are needed to delineate the optimal gestational age of delivery.
Association of Phenols, Parabens, and Their Mixture with Maternal Blood Pressure Measurements in the PROTECT Cohort.; BACKGROUND: Phenols and parabens are two classes of high production volume chemicals that are used widely in consumer and personal care products and have been associated with reproductive harm and pregnancy complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. However, studies examining their influence on maternal blood pressure and gestational hypertension are limited. OBJECTIVES: We investigated associations between individual phenols, parabens, and their mixture on maternal blood pressure measurements, including systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP) and hypertension during pregnancy (defined as stage 1 or 2 hypertension), among N = 1,433 Puerto Rico PROTECT study participants. METHODS: We examined these relationships cross-sectionally at two time points during pregnancy (16-20 and 24-28 wks gestation) and longitudinally using linear mixed models (LMMs). Finally, we used quantile g-computation to examine the mixture effect on continuous (SBP, DBP) and binary (hypertension during pregnancy) blood pressure outcomes. RESULTS: We observed a trend of higher odds of hypertension during pregnancy with exposure to multiple analytes and the overall mixture [including bisphenol A (BPA), bisphenol S (BPS), triclocarbon (TCC), triclosan (TCS), benzophenone-3 (BP-3), 2,4-dichlorophenol (2,4-DCP), 2,5-dichlorophenol (2,5-DCP), methyl paraben (M-PB), propyl paraben (P-PB), butyl paraben (B-PB), and ethyl paraben (E-PB)], especially at 24-28 wk gestation, with an adjusted mixture odds ratio(OR) = 1.57 (95% CI: 1.03, 2.38). Lower SBP and higher DBP were also associated with individual analytes, with results from LMMs most consistent for methyl paraben (M-PB) or propyl paraben (P-PB) and increased DBP across pregnancy [adjusted M-PB β = 0.78 (95% CI: 0.17, 1.38) and adjusted P-PB β = 0.85 (95% CI: 0.19, 1.51)] and for BPA, which was associated with decreased SBP (adjusted β =  - 0.57; 95% CI: - 1.09, - 0.05). Consistent with other literature, we also found evidence of effect modification by fetal sex, with a strong inverse association observed between the overall exposure mixture and SBP at visit 1 among participants carrying female fetuses only. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that phenol and paraben exposure may collectively increase the risk of stage 1 or 2 hypertension during pregnancy, which has important implications for fetal and maternal health. https://doi.org/10.1289/EHP14008.
Aortic Pulse Wave Velocity in Healthy Children and Adolescents: Reference Values for the Vicorder Device and Modifying Factors.; BACKGROUND: Aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV), an indicator of arterial stiffness, independently predicts cardiovascular mortality risk in adults. Arterial stiffening advances with age and seems accelerated in children with certain disease conditions such as chronic kidney disease or diabetes. The Vicorder, an oscillometric device to measure PWV, has been validated in children, but reference values in a large pediatric cohort, association to carotid stiffness and influence of individual and family risk factors have not been determined. METHODS: Pulse waves were captured in 1,003 healthy children (aged 6-18 years) in 6 centers and gender-specific reference data normalized to age/height were constructed. In 589 children carotid distensibility and intima media thickness were measured. Gestational and family history was reported. RESULTS: PWV correlated with age (r = 0.57, P < 0.0001) with significant gender-related differences starting at age 9. Further significant correlations were seen for height, weight, body mass index, blood pressure, pulse pressure, and heart rate. Independent predictors for PWV in a multivariate regression analysis were gender, age, height, weight, mean arterial pressure, and heart rate. Risk factors for higher PWV included small for gestational age at birth, secondhand smoking, parental hypertension, and obesity. PWV showed weak correlations with 2 of the carotid distensibility measures, but not with intima media thickness. CONCLUSION: This study defines reference values for PWV captured by the Vicorder device in children and adolescents and reveals associations with potential cardiovascular risk factors in a healthy population. Gender-specific percentiles for age/height will allow for the assessment of pediatric cohorts using this oscillometric method.
An Insight into the Combat Strategies for the Treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Diabetes is a chronic, and metabolic disorder that has gained epidemic proportions in the past few decades creating a threat throughout the globe. It is characterized by increased glucose levels that may be due to immune-mediated disorders (T1DM), insulin resistance or inability to produce sufficient insulin by β-pancreatic cells (T2DM), gestational, or an increasingly sedentary lifestyle. The progression of the disease is marked by several pathological changes in the body like nephropathy, retinopathy, and various cardiovascular complications. Treatment options for T1DM are majorly focused on insulin replacement therapy. While T2DM is generally treated through oral hypoglycemics that include metformin, sulfonylureas, thiazolidinediones, meglitinides, incretins, SGLT-2 inhibitors, and amylin antagonists. Multidrug therapy is often recommended when patients are found incompliant with the first-line therapy. Despite the considerable therapeutic benefits of these oral hypoglycemics, there lie greater side effects (weight variation, upset stomach, skin rashes, and risk of hepatic disease), and limitations including short half-life, frequent dosing, and differential bioavailability which inspires the researchers to pursue novel drug targets and small molecules having promising clinical efficacy posing minimum side-effects. This review summarizes some of the current emerging novel approaches along with the conventional drug targets to treat type 2 diabetes.
Risk factors for respiratory distress syndrome among high-risk early-term and full-term deliveries.; OBJECTIVE: To identify whether risk factors for respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) differ between early-term and full-term births. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a large NIH-funded retrospective cohort study including patients who delivered at a tertiary-care obstetric hospital between January 2002 and March 2013 with comorbid diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and/or fetal growth restriction (FGR). Pregnancies complicated by severe preeclampsia and multifetal gestations were excluded. Maternal characteristics, delivery information, and neonatal information were abstracted by trained clinicians blinded to the comorbidity leading to study inclusion. In this secondary analysis of the infant health outcomes of pregnancies with one or more of the qualifying conditions, risk factors for RDS among neonates born early term (37w0d-38w6d gestation) were compared to risk factors for RDS among full-term neonates (39w0d-40w6d). RESULTS: Among 10,532 singleton newborns, there were 99 cases of early-term RDS (0.94%) and 95 cases of full-term RDS (0.90%). Maternal demographics were similar between those with and without RDS in both groups. Among early-term infants, lower gestational age, presence of meconium, non-spontaneous labor, and cesarean delivery were positively associated with RDS, whereas hypertensive disorders, diabetes, FGR, and many other comorbid delivery conditions were not. The strongest risk factor for RDS among early-term infants was delivery via cesarean (RR 1.98, 95% CI 1.31, 3.01). Among full-term neonates, cesarean delivery was also positively associated with RDS, although presence of meconium, chorioamnionitis, and endometritis were all stronger risk factors with RRs >2.0. CONCLUSIONS: In this cohort of high-risk term deliveries, maternal demographics and comorbidities were found not to be associated with increased risk for RDS, but novel risk factors for RDS after 37 weeks' gestation - chorioamnionitis and endometritis - were identified. A focus on preventing infectious comorbidities may help reduce incidence of RDS at full-term.Key PointsRDS risk factors vary by gestational age.Novel risk factors for RDS at full-term identified.Intrauterine inflammation associated with RDS at term.
[Endocrinology 1999-2000].; Long-lasting problem on the differentiation of adenohypophyseal cell, which prepares them for their specific tasks (somatotropic, lactotropic ect.), becomes elucidated after recognition of the differentiational effect of transcription factor Pit-1. Expression of that factor in somatotrops results in STH secretion, contrary to lactotrops producing prolactin. Subclinical hypothyreosis (increased TSH with normal T3 and T4) endangers vessel not because of hypercholesterolemia, but because of changes in the dynamics of the blood flow. The idea of cardiotropic effect of thyroidal hormones is supported by the finding that administration of trijodthyronine to children after the surgical correction of heart malformations (cardiopulmonary bypass) improves myocardial function--it elevates cardiac output and decreases requirements on the intensive care. Receptors for hormones in tissues are flexible, they can be "heterooligomers" for dopamine and somatostatin. Mutations of mineralocorticoid receptor may cause hypertension in pregnancy and progesterone receptors have several isoforms. Receptors can be also activated by short exposition to a hormone. Glucocorticoids have probably also membrane receptors. Diabetes mellitus "type I" needn't to be immunogenic and DM type II not only results from down-regulation of receptors and subsequent insulin resistance, but it can be also caused by defects in insulin secretion. Insulin has receptors in the brain and participates in the appetite regulation. The attempt to use "desensibilisation" by peroraly administered insulin in patients with immunogenic DM had no effect. Stress affects memory mechanisms, heavy emotional stress during gravidity can bring congenital malformations. The decrease of mental functions in aged women depends on the level of free estradiol (the fraction, which is not bound to plasma proteins). Activation of dopaminergic neurons can be achieved by neurotropic growth factors. Nesiritide is a recombinant brain natriuretic hormone successfully tested in heart failure. The role of leptin in the appetite regulation in man is still not clear, other signalling molecules may have also an effect, e.g., ghrelin, which primarily stimulates STH secretion and brings about weight gain. Sildenafil influences nitrergic neurons elsewhere than in penis, for example it has positive effects in patients with oesophageal achalasia.
Group B streptococcal endocarditis: report of seven cases and review of the literature, 1962-1985.; Infective endocarditis is an uncommon manifestation of group B streptococcal disease. Seven cases of group B streptococcal endocarditis are reported herein. Another fifty-five cases published in the literature since 1962 are reviewed: the male to female ratio was 1.4:1. The average age was 53.8 years, and 45% of patients were 60 years of age or older. Two cases of nonsocomial endocarditis and two cases of polymicrobial endocarditis were identified. There were five cases of prosthetic valve endocarditis. Mitral and aortic valvular involvement were present in 48% and 29% of cases, respectively. Underlying heart disease was found in more than half of the cases. Rheumatic heart disease was the commonest underlying cardiac condition. Noncardiac underlying conditions included diabetes mellitus, alcoholism, pregnancy, intravenous drug abuse, and genitourinary disease. Onset was varied as was initial presentation of the disease. Large arterial thrombi were common. Overall mortality was 43.5%. Penicillin is the treatment of choice for group B streptococcal endocarditis. However, based on in vitro and in vivo studies as well as case reports, some authors feel that the combination of penicillin and an aminoglycoside is a superior regimen. Cephalothin or vancomycin are alternatives for patients who are allergic to penicillin.
[Overweight. II. Determinants of overweight and strategies for prevention].; High risk groups for overweight can be defined according to features such as ethnicity, pregnancy, smoking cessation, sudden changes in lifestyle and activities, low socioeconomic status and low educational level, and a positive (family) history of diabetes mellitus and obesity. Coronary heart death is to be attributed for 15-30% to overweight (body mass index (BMI) > or = 25 kg/m2) and for 4-25% to obesity (BMI > or = 30 kg/m2). For diabetes mellitus these percentages are 64-82% and 33-75%, respectively. Population-based preventive and therapeutic measurements have to be aimed at less (fatty) food, more bodily activity, less consumption of alcohol, and better education and income. This requires policy changes at the ministries involved.
Peripartum complications in grand multiparous women: para 6-9 versus para > or =10.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the importance of birth order and advanced maternal age on maternal and peripartum complications. STUDY DESIGN: The study population consisted of 12 296 multiparous women (six deliveries or more) with singleton gestation. Patients were classified into two groups according to the birth order: grand multiparous (between six and nine deliveries) and huge multiparous (ten or more deliveries). Peripartum complication was defined when at least one of the following conditions occurred: massive hemorrhage, uterine rupture, abruptio placentae, dysfunctional labor or malpresentations. Logistic regression analysis was used to evaluate the relationship between birth order and maternal age and peripartum complications. RESULTS: Among the study population, 9587 (78%) were grand multiparous and the remaining 2709 were huge multiparous women. The rate of peripartum complications was higher in huge multiparous than in grand multiparous women: malpresentation (6.2% versus 5%, P<.005), massive hemorrhage (0.7% versus 0.4%, P<.001) and dysfunctional labor (6.4% versus 3.5%, P<.001). Huge multiparous women also had a higher rate of the following complications than grand multiparous women: cesarean section (14.4% versus 10.4%, P<.01), chronic hypertension (7.9% versus 3%, P<.001), severe pregnancy induced hypertension (2.6% versus 1.1%, P<.01), diabetes class A (10.7% versus 7.5%, P<.005), diabetes class B-R (4.3% versus 2%, P<.01) congenital anomalies (3.3% versus 2.6%, P<.05) and large for gestational age infant, (17% versus 12.4%, P<.01). When adjusted for maternal age, high birth order remained strongly associated with the occurrence of peripartum complications. CONCLUSIONS: Huge multiparity was associated with a higher rate of maternal and peripartum complications than grand multiparity. Higher birth order remained an independent risk factor for peripartum complications after adjustment for maternal age.
Placental characteristics in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; STUDY QUESTION: Are macroscopic and microscopic placental characteristics in a heterogeneous group of women diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) different from those of a low-risk general population? SUMMARY ANSWER: Women with PCOS have significantly different microscopic placental characteristics compared with control women, independently from pregnancy complications. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Non-obese women with PCOS who conceived spontaneously have a significantly reduced placental volume and weight, with more chronic villitis and intervillositis compared with healthy controls. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A subset of a large prospective cohort study of pregnant women with PCOS was used. Healthy (low-risk) women who delivered at term after an uncomplicated pregnancy were used as the reference population. The placentas of 73 women with PCOS were analysed and compared with 209 placentas of healthy women. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Placentas were collected after delivery from women with PCOS who were followed from prior to conception until delivery. The placentas were macroscopically and microscopically analysed and compared with placentas of healthy women with either a spontaneous start of labour who delivered at term or who had an elective Caesarean section. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: After adjusting for potential confounders, placentas from women with PCOS showed more chorioamnionitis (P < 0.001), funisitis (P = 0.019), villitis (P = 0.045), thrombosis (P = 0.018), infarction (P = 0.010), villous immaturity (P = 0.009) and nucleated fetal red blood cells (P < 0.001). In a subgroup analysis, among women with and without pregnancy complications within the PCOS group, only the occurrence of thrombosis was increased in pregnancies complicated by pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia (30%, versus 0% in gestational diabetes pregnancies and 13% in uncomplicated pregnancies; P = 0.008). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: There might be a small proportion of women with PCOS in the reference group, since this group was not screened for PCOS. As a result, the observed difference may be an underestimation of the true difference. Placentas were stored for up to 72 h at 4°C, this is common practice but some degenerative changes cannot be ruled out absolutely. Also, there is possibility that baseline differences between the groups may in part explain some of the differences in placental pathology. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings suggest that, in general, women with PCOS can have placental alterations associated with an increased hypoxic state, which seems not to be caused by the increased incidence of pregnancy complications.
Adding strength training, exercise intensity, and caloric expenditure to exercise guidelines in pregnancy.; Several versions of exercise guidelines for pregnancy have been published, the latest 9 years ago. These guidelines recommend 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise on most if not all days of the week for pregnant women in the absence of medical or obstetric complications. However, moderate-intensity exercise was not defined. In addition, the specific weekly energy expenditure of physical activity was not suggested. Recent research has determined that, compared with less vigorous activities, exercise intensity that reaches at least 60% of the heart rate reserve during pregnancy while gradually increasing physical-activity energy expenditure reduces the risk of gestational diabetes. To achieve the minimum expenditure of 16 metabolic equivalent task-h/wk, one could walk at 2 miles/h for 6.4 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 2.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). To achieve the target expenditure of 28 metabolic equivalent task-hours per week, one could walk at 2.0 miles/h for 11.2 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total exercise time is required. Light muscle strengthening performed during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy has minimal effect on newborn body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested.
The triglycerides and glucose index is associated with cardiovascular risk factors in metabolically obese normal-weight subjects.; PURPOSE: The aim of this study was to determine whether the triglycerides and glucose (TyG) index is associated with the presence of metabolically obese normal-weight (MONW) phenotype and related cardiovascular risk factors. METHODS: Apparently healthy men and non-pregnant women aged 20-65 years were enrolled in a population-based cross-sectional study. Overweight, obesity, smoking, alcohol consumption, pregnancy, diagnosis of hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, liver disease, renal disease, malignancy, and medical treatment were exclusion criteria. Subjects were allocated into the MONW or normal-weight groups. MONW phenotype was defined by normal weight and the presence of at least one of the following cardiovascular risk factors: elevated blood pressure, hyperglycemia, hypertriglyceridemia, and low HDL cholesterol. RESULTS: A total of 542 subjects were enrolled and allocated into the MONW (n = 354) and normal-weight (n = 188) groups. The adjusted logistic regression analysis showed that the elevated TyG index is significantly associated with the presence of MONW phenotype (OR = 11.14; 95% CI 6.04-20.57), hyperglycemia (OR = 3.18; 95% CI 1.95-5.21), hypertriglyceridemia (OR = 399.19; 95% CI 94.01-1694.98), and low HDL-C (OR = 2.60; 95% CI 1.74-3.87), but not with elevated blood pressure (OR = 1.55; 95% CI 0.93-2.60). CONCLUSION: Results of this study support that the TyG index may be a useful indicator to detect MONW phenotype and associated cardiovascular risk factors.
The effect of in-utero undernutrition on the insulin resistance syndrome.; The metabolic and cardiovascular complications associated with in-utero undernutrition have been identified during the past 10 years. Reduced fetal growth is independently associated with an increased risk for the development of cardiovascular diseases, the insulin resistance syndrome and its components: hypertension, dyslipidemia, impaired glucose tolerance, and type 2 diabetes. All appear to result from the initial development of insulin resistance that seems to be a key component underlying this association. Several hypotheses have been proposed over the past 10 years to understand this unexpected association. Each of them points to either a detrimental fetal environment or genetic susceptibilities or interactions between these two components as playing a critical role in this context. The hypothesis that this association could be the consequence of genetic/environmental interactions remains at the moment the most attractive. Although the mechanism remains unclear, there is also some evidence that adipose tissue plays a role in the emergence of insulin resistance associated with in-utero undernutrition.
Cardioautonomic control in healthy singleton and twin pregnancies.; In conjunction with significant cardiovascular adaptation, changes in cardioautonomic balance, specifically greater sympathetic activation and vagal withdrawal, are considered normal adaptations to healthy singleton pregnancy. Cardiovascular adaptation to twin pregnancy is more profound than that of singleton pregnancies; however, the changes in cardioautonomic control during multifetal gestation are unknown. To address this gap, beat-by-beat blood pressure (photoplethysmography) and heart rate (lead II electrocardiogram) were measured continuously in 25 twin pregnancies and 25 singleton pregnancies (matched for age, prepregnancy body mass index, and gestational age) during 10 min of rest. Data extracted from a 3- to 5-min period were used to analyze heart rate variability (HRV), blood pressure variability (BPV), cardiovagal baroreflex gain, and cardiac intervals as indicators of cardioautonomic control. Independent t tests were used to determine statistical differences between groups (α = 0.05), and the false rate discovery was determined to adjust for multiple comparisons. Resting heart rate was greater in twin compared with singleton pregnancies (91 ± 10 vs. 81 ± 10 beats/min; P = 0.001), but blood pressure was not different. Individuals with twin pregnancies had lower HRV, evidenced by lower standard deviation of R-R intervals (32 ± 11 vs. 47 ± 18 ms; P = 0.001), total power (1,035 ± 810 vs. 1,945 ± 1,570 ms(2); P = 0.004), and high frequency power (224 ± 262 vs. 810 ± 806 ms(2); P < 0.001) compared with singleton pregnancies. There were no differences in cardiac intervals, BPV, and cardiovagal baroreflex gain between groups. Our findings suggest that individuals with twin pregnancies have greater sympathetic and lower parasympathetic contributions to heart rate and that cardiac, but not vascular, autonomic control is impacted during twin compared with singleton pregnancy.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Individuals with healthy twin pregnancies had lower overall heart rate variability compared with those with singleton pregnancies at similar gestational ages. These results suggest a greater sympathetic and reduced parasympathetic contribution to cardiac control in twin pregnancies. Baseline heart rate was elevated, while arterial pressure and spontaneous cardiovagal baroreflex gain were not different between groups. This was result of the upward resetting of the cardiovagal baroreflex during healthy twin pregnancy, thus maintaining arterial pressure.
Explaining the obesity paradox in healthcare utilization among people with type 2 diabetes.; BACKGROUND: Several studies of diabetes suggest an obesity paradox: persons without diabetes have an increased risk of death due to obesity, whereas obesity decreases the risk of death for people with diabetes. A recent study finds the same obesity paradox with the number of healthcare visits. Whether empirical biases and confounding lead to this paradox is yet to be determined. OBJECTIVE: To examine changes in the relationship between BMI and number of visits in diabetic vs nondiabetic populations, controlling for confounding risk factors. METHODS: Using adults in the nationally representative Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS) from 2008 to 2016, N = 210,317, we examine the proposed relationship using six measures of healthcare visits with zero-inflated negative binomial regressions controlling for age, gender, race/ethnicity, income, education, region, health insurance, chronic conditions, and smoking. We excluded persons with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. RESULTS: We find an obesity paradox among people with diabetes for three measures. That is, relative to people without diabetes, normal weight people with diabetes have more emergency room visits, inpatient, and office-based physician visits than do the obese with diabetes. However, we do not find an obesity paradox in any of the six measures once we exclude smokers and persons ever diagnosed with cancer or cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSION: The obesity paradox does not exist at the utilization level and is due to the presence of statistical biases such as confounding and reverse causation. Physicians should continue to focus on efforts to prevent obesity in patients with diabetes.
Prenatal care and adverse pregnancy outcomes among women with depression: a nationwide population-based study.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the quantity of prenatal care as a risk factor for giving birth to low birth weight (LBW), preterm, and small for gestational age (SGA) infants in a sample of women diagnosed with depressive disorder. METHOD: Our study used a population-based dataset, Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database, which we linked to Taiwan's birth certificate registry to identify a total of 5283 new mothers with depressive disorder. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to measure the risk of giving birth to LBW, preterm, and SGA infants, relating to the number of prenatal care visits (10 or more, 8 to 9, and 7 or less) made by mothers with depressive disorder. RESULTS: After adjusting for a woman's age, monthly income, urbanization level of place of residence, geographic location, marital status, substance abuse, arterial hypertension, diabetes, anemia, coronary heart disease, malpresentation, insufficient or excessive fetal growth, placenta or previa abruption, and infant's sex and parity, regression analyses revealed that mothers with a history of depressive disorder who received prenatal care 7 times or less were 4.21 (95% CI 3.34 to 5.32, P < 0.001), 5.37 (95% CI 4.33 to 6.67, P < 0.001), and 2.41 (95% CI 2.03 to 2.86, P < 0.001) times as likely to have LBW, preterm, and SGA babies, respectively, compared with mothers with depressive disorder who received prenatal care visits 10 times or more. CONCLUSIONS: Mothers with a history of depressive disorder who make fewer prenatal care visits were at an increased risk of LBW, SGA, and preterm birth, compared with women with a history of depressive disorder who made an adequate number of prenatal visits.
[Not Available].; Objetivo. Establecer criterios médicos de retorno al trabajo en personal con riesgo de complicaciones por Covid-19. Material y métodos. Se realizó una revisión sistemática para identificar las condiciones y las características clínicas que influyen en el riesgo de desarrollar Covid-19 grave. Resultados. Se ha demostrado incremento del riesgo en obesidad, edad >60 años, diabetes mellitus, hipertensión arterial, enfermedad pulmonar obstructiva crónica, enfermedad cardiovascular, enfermedad renal crónica y cáncer. Solamente en diabetes se ha estudiado si el control previo influye. Se proponen condiciones específicas y el nivel de riesgo epidemiológico para el retorno al trabajo. Conclusiones. El retorno laboral de estos grupos debe priorizarse buscando favorecer el control de la enfermedad, identificando el estado de salud que incrementa el riesgo y protegiendo el derecho al trabajo. Se presentan recomendaciones para guiar la reincorporación al trabajo.
Inter-ankle Systolic Blood Pressure Difference Is a Marker of Increased Fasting Blood-Glucose in Asian Pregnant Women.; OBJECTIVE: This cross-sectional study aimed to determine the relationship between clinical blood pressures and blood pressures measured using Doppler with blood glucose in pregnancy by ethnicity. METHODS: We recruited 179 (52% White European, 48% Asian) pregnant women at 24-28 weeks of gestation who underwent a glucose tolerance test in an antenatal clinic in Bradford Royal Infirmary, the UK, from 2012 to 2013. Systolic blood pressures in the arm (left and right brachial) and ankle [left and right posterior tibial (PT) and dorsalis pedalis (DP)] blood pressures were measured using a Doppler probe. The inter-arm (brachial) and inter-ankle (PT and DP) systolic blood pressure differences were obtained. A multivariate linear regression model adjusted for age, body mass index, and diabetes risk was used to assess the relationship between blood pressures and blood glucose. RESULTS: Asian pregnant women had higher blood glucose but lower ankle blood pressures than White Europeans. In White Europeans, brachial blood pressures and clinical blood pressures were positively associated with fasting blood glucose (FBG), but brachial blood pressures did not perform better as an indicator of FBG than clinical blood pressures. In Asians, increased inter-ankle blood pressure difference was associated with increased FBG. For each 10 mmHg increase in the inter-ankle blood pressure difference, FBG increased by 0.12 mmol/L (Beta=0.12, 95%CI: 0.01-0.23). CONCLUSION: The relationship between blood pressures with blood glucose differed by ethnicity. In Asians, inter-ankle systolic blood pressure difference was positively associated with blood glucose. This is first ever report on ankle blood pressures with blood glucose in pregnancy which suggests future potential as a non-invasive gestational diabetes risk screening tool.
Factors Influencing Intraoperative Rupture of Intracranial Aneurysms.; AIM: The study deals with intraoperative rupture of intracranial aneurysms (IOR) during microsurgery, analyzing factors that may be connected with IOR. MATERIAL AND METHODS: During the three-year period (2006-2008), 934 patients were operated for aneurysms at the Institute of Neurosurgery, CCS, Belgrade. In total, 536 patients were observed. RESULTS: IOR occurred in 14.7%. Male gender, seizures and timing of surgery proved to be risk factors for IOR. All other tested features had no significance. Localization {IOR rate 11.93% in ACM, 17.06% in ACA and 17.26% in ACI) and size (small: IOR in 68/439 (15.49%), large: 8/74 (10.8%), and very large: 3/23 (13.04%)} of aneurysm seemed to have an influence, but this could not be proved. The majority of IORs (58.23%) occurred in early surgery. Early operated patients: IOR occurred in 46/167 (27.54%), intermediary: 25/103 (24.27%), and delayed: 8/266 (3%) - with highly significant differences. CONCLUSION: Age, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cardiomyopathy, pregnancy, higher Fisher score, previous IOR, or the presence of vomiting and headache did not affect the occurrence of IOR, whereas the timing of surgery, male gender and epileptic seizures increased the risk. Localization and size of aneurysm tend to have an influence but statistical significance was not proved in this study.
Prevalence and factors associated with diabetic retinopathy among diabetic patients at Arbaminch General Hospital, Ethiopia: Cross sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Currently 93 million people are estimated as living with diabetic retinopathy worldwide. The prevalence and risk factors of diabetic retinopathy in developed countries have been well documented; but in Ethiopia, data on prevalence and associated factors of diabetic retinopathy is lacking. OBJECTIVE: To determine prevalence and factors associated with development of diabetic retinopathy among diabetic patients at Arbaminch General Hospital, Ethiopia. METHOD: Cross-sectional study design with record review of 400 diabetic patients was conducted at Arbaminch General Hospital from November to January 2015. Among 400 diabetic patients, 270 patients with baseline information and without history of hypertension at baseline were included in this study. But patients with gestational diabetes and with retinopathy at baseline were excluded from the study. Consecutive sampling technique was applied to select study participants. Data of cohorts was extracted from medical record using pre tested structured extraction check list. Data cleaning, coding, categorizing, merging and analysis carried out by STATA version 12. Descriptive statistics was done and presented accordingly. Bivariate binary logistic regression analysis was done to select potential candidates for the full model at P-value cutoff point ≤ 0.25 and multivariable binary logistic regression analysis was made to estimate the independent effect of predictors on the occurrence of diabetic retinopathy. Model diagnostic tests were done, final model fitness was checked using Hosmer and Lemeshow chi square test. Finally, statistical significance was tested at P-value <0.05. RESULT: Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy among diabetic patients at Arbaminch General Hospital was 13%. Adjusted analysis showed that the odds of diabetic retinopathy were statistically and significantly associated with baseline age (AOR = 6.06: 95%CI; 2.42, 15.21), baseline systolic blood pressure level (AOR = 4.38: 95%CI; 1.64, 11.68), family history of diabetes (AOR = 0.22: 95%CI; 0.08, 0.58) and duration of diabetes (AOR = 8.84: 95%CI; 3.56, 12.89). CONCLUSION AND RECOMMENDATION: In the current study, prevalence of diabetic retinopathy was 13%. Since baseline age ≥60 years, baseline systolic blood pressure level >140 mmhg, duration of diabetes ≥6 years and patients with family history of diabetes were statistically and significantly related with diabetic retinopathy, special care should be given in addition to routine care.
Historical evolution of ideas on eclampsia/preeclampsia: A proposed optimistic view of preeclampsia.; Eclampsia (together with epilepsy) being the first disease ever written down since the beginning of writings in mankind 5000 years ago, we will make a brief presentation of the different major steps in comprehension of Pre-eclampsia. 1) 1840. Rayer, description of proteinuria in eclampsia, 2) 1897 Vaquez, discovery of gestational hypertension in eclamptic women, 3) In the 1970's, description of the "double" trophoblastic invasion existing only in humans (Brosens & Pijnenborg,), 4) between the 1970's and the 1990's, description of preeclampsia being a couple disease. The "paternity problem" (and therefore irruption of immunology), 5) at the end of the 1980's, a major step forward: Preeclampsia being a global endothelial cell disease (glomeruloendotheliosis, hepatic or cerebral endotheliosis, HELLP, eclampsia), inflammation (J.Roberts.C Redman, R Taylor), 6) End of the 1990's: Consensus for a distinction between early onset preeclampsia EOP and late onset LOP (34 weeks gestation), EOP being rather a problem of implantation of the trophoblast (and the placenta), LOP being rather a pre-existing maternal problem (obesity, diabetes, coagulopathies etc…). LOP is predominant everywhere on this planet, but enormously predominant in developed countries: 90% of cases. This feature is very different in countries where women have their first child very young (88% of world births), where the fatal EOP (early onset) occurs in more than 30% of cases. 7) What could be the common factor which could explain the maternal global endotheliosis in EOP and LOP? Discussion about the inositol phospho glycans P type.
Maternal Cardiovascular Health and Adverse Childbirth Outcomes in the United States: Analysis of the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular-related adverse childbirth outcomes have been increasing in the United States, with widening racial and ethnic disparities. OBJECTIVE: We examined the association between maternal cardiovascular health (CVH) and childbirth outcomes among US births. METHODS: We analyzed data from the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System. Ideal CVH was defined as a composite of 4 cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors: absence of a medical diagnosis of diabetes, hypertension, history of cigarette smoking before or during pregnancy, and a pre-pregnancy body mass index of 18.5 to 24.9 kg/m2. Childbirth outcomes examined were preterm birth, low birthweight, and mode of birth. Survey logistic regression was used for multivariate analyses. RESULTS: A total of 34 918 women were included in our study, and most (61%) had more than 1 CVD risk factor. Clustering of CVD risk factors was more likely among women with an annual income of less than $40 000 and not college educated and found among non-Hispanic Black, Hispanic, and American Indian/Alaska Natives (P < .001). The odds of an adverse childbirth outcome increased with each additional CVD risk factor. Hypertension was highest among non-Hispanic Black women (20%) and the strongest predictor of having a low-birth-weight infant (odds ratio [OR], 3.16; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.86-3.48), preterm birth (OR, 2.72; 95% CI, 2.40-3.07), and cesarean birth (OR, 1.68; 95% CI, 1.52-1.87). CONCLUSION: Clustering of maternal CVD risk factors was significantly associated with adverse childbirth outcomes. Unfavorable CVH and its association with adverse childbirth outcomes were most common in women of color, calling for special attention to this group.
Vitamin C in health and disease.; Vitamins are essential to maintain normal metabolic processes and homeostasis within the body. The amount of a specific vitamin required by an individual varies considerably and it is influenced by such factors as body size, growth rate, physical activity, and pregnancy. Most vitamins are stored minimally in human cells, but some are stored in liver cells to a greater extent. Vitamins A and D, for example, may be stored in sufficient amounts to maintain an individual without any intake for 5 to 10 months and 2 to 4 months, respectively. However, a deficiency of vitamin B compounds (except vitamin B12) may be noted within days, and the lack of vitamin C will manifest within weeks and may result in death in 5 to 6 months. The current recommended dietary allowance (RDA) of vitamin C is 75 mg for woman and 90 mg for men, based on the vitamin's role as an antioxidant as well as protection from deficiency. High intakes of the vitamin are generally well tolerated, however, a Tolerable Upper Level (TUL) was recently set at 2 g based on gastrointestinal upset that sometimes accompanies excessive dosages. Several populations warrant special attention with respect to vitamin C requirements. These include patients with periodontal disease, smokers, pregnant and lactating women, and the elderly.
Safety of low weight gain or weight loss in pregnancies with class 1, 2, and 3 obesity: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: There are concerns that current gestational weight gain recommendations for women with obesity are too high and that guidelines should differ on the basis of severity of obesity. In this study we investigated the safety of gestational weight gain below current recommendations or weight loss in pregnancies with obesity, and evaluated whether separate guidelines are needed for different obesity classes. METHODS: In this population-based cohort study, we used electronic medical records from the Stockholm-Gotland Perinatal Cohort study to identify pregnancies with obesity (early pregnancy BMI before 14 weeks' gestation ≥30 kg/m(2)) among singleton pregnancies that delivered between Jan 1, 2008, and Dec 31, 2015. The pregnancy records were linked with Swedish national health-care register data up to Dec 31, 2019. Gestational weight gain was calculated as the last measured weight before or at delivery minus early pregnancy weight (at <14 weeks' gestation), and standardised for gestational age into z-scores. We used Poisson regression to assess the association of gestational weight gain z-score with a composite outcome of: stillbirth, infant death, large for gestational age and small for gestational age at birth, preterm birth, unplanned caesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, excess postpartum weight retention, and new-onset longer-term maternal cardiometabolic disease after pregnancy, weighted to account for event severity. We calculated rate ratios (RRs) for our composite adverse outcome along the weight gain z-score continuum, compared with a reference of the current lower limit for gestational weight gain recommended by the US Institute of Medicine (IOM; 5 kg at term). RRs were adjusted for confounding factors (maternal age, height, parity, early pregnancy BMI, early pregnancy smoking status, prepregnancy cardiovascular disease or diabetes, education, cohabitation status, and Nordic country of birth). FINDINGS: Our cohort comprised 15 760 pregnancies with obesity, followed up for a median of 7·9 years (IQR 5·8-9·4). 11 667 (74·0%) pregnancies had class 1 obesity, 3160 (20·1%) had class 2 obesity, and 933 (5·9%) had class 3 obesity. Among these pregnancies, 1623 (13·9%), 786 (24·9%), and 310 (33·2%), respectively, had weight gain during pregnancy below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation (5 kg). In pregnancies with class 1 or 2 obesity, gestational weight gain values below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation or weight loss did not increase risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, at weight gain z-score -2·4, corresponding to 0 kg at 40 weeks: adjusted RR 0·97 [95% CI 0·89-1·06] in obesity class 1 and 0·96 [0·86-1·08] in obesity class 2). In pregnancies with class 3 obesity, weight gain values below the IOM limit or weight loss were associated with reduced risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, adjusted RR 0·81 [0·71-0·89] at weight gain z-score -2·4, or 0 kg). INTERPRETATION: Our findings support calls to lower or remove the lower limit of current IOM recommendations for pregnant women with obesity, and suggest that separate guidelines for class 3 obesity might be warranted. FUNDING: Karolinska Institutet and the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
SOGC Guideline Retirement Notice No. 2.; These documents have been archived because they contain outdated information. They should not be consulted for clinical use, but for historical research only. Please visit the journal website for the most recent guidelines. The Use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Obstetric Patient [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 36 (2014) 349-355] AUTHORS Yves Patenaude, MD, Sherbrooke, QC Denise Pugash, MD, Vancouver, BC Kenneth Lim, MD, Vancouver, BC Lucie Morin, MD, Montreal, QC The Role of Surgery in Endometrial Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 370-371] AUTHORS Christopher Giede, MD, Saskatoon, SK Tien Le, MD, Ottawa, ON Patti Power, MD, St John's, NL Female Genital Cutting [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 1028-1045] AUTHORS Liette Perron, MSW, Ottawa, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Margaret Burnett, MD, Winnipeg, ON Victoria Davis, MD, Scarborough, ON Technical Update on Pessary Use [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 664-674] AUTHORS Magali Robert, MD, Calgary, AB Jane A. Schulz, MD, Edmonton, AB Marie-Andrée Harvey, MD, Kingston, ON Cancer Chemotherapy and Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 263-278] AUTHORS Gideon Koren, MD, Toronto, ON Nathalie Carey, BSc, Toronto, ON Robert Gagnon, MD, Montréal, QC Cynthia Maxwell, MD, Toronto, ON Irena Nulman, MD, Toronto, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Current Status in Non-Invasive Prenatal Detection of Down Syndrome, Trisomy 18, and Trisomy 13 Using Cell-Free DNA in Maternal Plasma [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 177-181] AUTHORS Sylvie Langlois, MD, Vancouver, BC Jo-Ann Brock, MD, Halifax, NS Mifepristone [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 235] The Presence of a Third Party During Breast and Pelvic Examinations [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 237] Midwifery [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 239] Emergency Contraception [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 673-678] Tension-Free Vaginal Tape (TVT) Procedure [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 692-694] Uterine Fibroid Embolization (UFE) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 899-911] AUTHORS Guylaine G. Lefebvre, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Murray Asch, MD, Oshawa, ON The Prevention of Early-Onset Neonatal Group B Streptococcal Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 826-832] AUTHORS Deborah M. Money, MD, FRCSC, Vancouver, BC Simon Dobson, MD, FRCPC, Vancouver, BC Cell-Free Fetal DNA in the Maternal Circulation and its Future Uses in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 54-57] AUTHOR R. Douglas Wilson, MD, Philadelphia, PA Cystic Fibrosis Carrier Testing in Pregnancy in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 644-647] Amniocentesis and Women with Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, or Human Immunodeficiency Virus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 145-148] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 250-262] Management of the Third Stage of Labour to Prevent Postpartum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 952-953] Cervical Cancer Prevention in Low-Resource Settings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 205-206] Hirsutism: Evaluation and Treatment [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 62-67] Breast Cancer, Pregnancy, and Breastfeeding [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 164-171] Parvovirus B19 Infection in Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 727-734] Diversity [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1042] Conflict of Interest [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1044] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 347-387] School-Based and School-Linked Sexual Health Education and Promotion in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 596-600] Gestational Trophoblastic Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 434-439] FIGO Professional and Ethical Responsibilities Concerning Sexual and Reproductive Rights [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1097-1099] FIGO / ICM Global Initiative to Prevent Post-Partum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1102] Intimate Partner Violence Consensus Statement [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 365-388] The Management of Nausea and Vomiting of Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 817-823] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 143-156] Present Role of Stem Cells for Fetal Genetic Therapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1038-1042] Amended Canadian Guideline for Prenatal Diagnosis (2005) Change to 2005-Techniques for Prenatal Diagnosis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1048-1054] Umbilical Cord Blood Banking: Implications for Perinatal Care Providers [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 263-274] Breast Cancer and Abortion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 491] AUTHOR Robert H. Lea, MD, Halifax, NS Postural Health in Women: The Role of Physiotherapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 493-500] AUTHORS S.J. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC J.V. Cole, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Isherwood, BScPT, Vancouver, BC M.M. Sran, PT, BScPT, Vancouver, BC N. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC S. Burgi, BScPT, Vancouver, BC G. Candido, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Watson, BScPT, Vancouver, BC The Management of Uterine Leiomyomas [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 396-405] Guidelines for Vaginal Birth after Previous Caesarean Birth [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 660-670] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 342-348] Number of Births to Maintain Competence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 359] Sexual Abuse by Physicians [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 862] The Use of First Trimester Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 864-869] Use of Hormonal Replacement Therapy After Treatment of Breast Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 49-54] Obstetric Ultrasound Biological Effects and Safety [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 572-575] Fetal Soft Markers in Obstetric Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 592-612] Maternal Transport Policy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 956-959] Choice of Surgery for Stress Incontinence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 964-971] The Use of Fetal Doppler in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 601-607] Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 894-903] Hormone Replacement Therapy and Cardiovascular Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 577-579] Providing Opinion for Medico-Legal Cases [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 590-592] Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy for Fetal Maturation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 45-48] Mastalgia [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 49-57] AUTHORS Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB Elizabeth Saettler, MD, Winnipeg, MB Beth Szuck, BA, HEc, CACE, RD, Winnipeg, MB Pregnancy Outcomes After Assisted Reproductive Technology [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 220-233] AUTHORS Victoria M. Allen, MD, MSc, Halifax, NS R. Douglas Wilson, MD, MSc, Philadelphia, PA Canadian Contraception Consensus-Update on Depot Medroxyprogesterone Acetate (DMPA) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 305-308] AUTHOR Amanda Black, MD, Ottawa, ON Guidelines for Training Requirements in Colposcopy and its Related Treatment Modalities [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 314-316] AUTHOR Susan M. McFaul, MD, Ottawa, ON Pelvic Examinations by Medical Trainees [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 320-321] AUTHORS Kimberly E. Liu, MD, Edmonton, AB Deborah Robertson, MD, Montréal, QC Glenn Posner, MDCM, Ottawa, ON Sukhbir S. Singh, MD, London, ON Lawrence Oppenheimer, MD, Ottawa, ON Stillbirth and Bereavement: Guidelines for Stillbirth Investigation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 540-545] AUTHOR Line Leduc, MD, Montréal, QC Progesterone-Only and Non-Hormonal Contraception in the Breast Cancer Survivor: Joint Review and Committee Opinion of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada and the Society of Gynecologic Oncologists of Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 616-626] AUTHORS Jenna McNaught, MD, Winnipeg, MB Robert L. Reid, MD, Kingston, ON Breast Self-Examination [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 728-730] AUTHOR Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB The Physician Expert in Legal Proceedings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 913-915] AUTHORS Titus Owolabi, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Induced Abortion Guidelines [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 1014-1027] AUTHOR Victoria Jane Davis, MD Health Professionals Working With First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Consensus Guideline [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S1-S4] AUTHORS Don Wilson, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Hellisuk Nation, Comox, BC Sandra de la Ronde, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Ottawa, ON Simon Brascoupé, Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg, Ottawa, ON Alisha Nicole Apale, MSc, Ottawa, ON Lucy Barney, RN, MSN, Lillooet Nation, Vancouver, BC Bing Guthrie, MD, FRCSC, Yellowknife, NT Elizabeth Harrold, RN, Vancouver, BC Ojistoh Horn, MD, CCFP, Mohawk, Kahnawake, QC Robin Johnson, MD, FRCSC, Esdilagh, First Nation, Williams Lake, BC Darrien Rattray, MD, Tahltan, Halifax, NS Nicole Robinson, MA, Ottawa, ON Introduction [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S5-S6] Chapter 1 Definitions [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S7-S8] Chapter 2 Demographics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S9-S12] Chapter 3 Social Determinants of Health Among First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S13-S23] Chapter 4 Health Systems, Policies, and Services for First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S24-S27] Chapter 5 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Women's Sexual and Reproductive Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S28-S32] Chapter 6 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Maternal Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S33-S36] Chapter 7 Mature Women's Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S37] Chapter 8 Changing Outcomes Through Culturally Competent Care [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S38-S41] Chapter 9 Conclusion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S42-S43] Chapter 10 Case Studies [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S44-S47] Appendix 1. Apology for the Forced Relocation of Inukjuak and Pond Inlet Families [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S48] Appendix 2. Apology for the Residential School System [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S49] Appendix 3. Avoiding Re-Traumatization of Sexual Abuse/Assault Victims During the Birthing Process [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S50].
Perinatal outcome in fetuses with loss of end-diastolic blood flow velocities in the descending aorta and/or umbilical arteries.; Continuous- and pulsed-wave Doppler velocimetry was used as an additional method of antenatal surveillance in high-risk pregnancy care. During a 30-month period with 4,169 deliveries 226 patients (5.4%) with complicated pregnancies (intrauterine growth retardation, diabetes, hypertension) were investigated. The results had only marginal influence on obstetrical management. In 38 fetuses absence of end-diastolic blood flow velocities (AEDF) was detected in the descending fetal aorta and/or umbilical arteries. Mean birth weight of these fetuses was 1,441 +/- (SD) 690 g at a mean gestational age of 31.8 +/- 6.8 weeks at birth. Twenty fetuses (53%) were growth-retarded (less than 3rd centile). Six fetuses died in utero and 7 during the perinatal period (34% mortality). There was a significant deterioration of perinatal outcome with AEDF in the umbilical arteries at the last antenatal Doppler scan. With AEDF in the descending fetal aorta the Doppler parameter Vmean and with AEDF in the umbilical arteries the pulsatility index yielded additional prognostic information. Doppler velocimetry of the fetal and umbilical vascular system could be of additional value for antenatal surveillance in high-risk pregnancies.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes in pregnancies with isolated foetal congenital heart abnormalities.; Objective: To determine obstetric, intrapartum, and perinatal outcomes for pregnancies with isolated foetal congenital heart defects (CHDs). Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of women that delivered an infant with an isolated major CHD between January 2010 and April 2017 at a major Australian perinatal centre. The study cohort was compared with a cohort of women with infants without CHD. Cardiac abnormalities were broadly subdivided into the following five categories using the International Classification of Diseases Tenth Revision (ICD-10) as a guide - transposition of the great arteries (TGA), septal defects, right heart lesions (RHL), left heart lesions (LHL), and "other". Demographic characteristics and obstetric, intrapartum, and perinatal outcomes were compared between the two cohorts. Results: The final study cohort comprised of 342 infants with isolated CHD and 68,911 controls. Of the infants with CHD, 20.4% (70/342) had transposition of the great vessels, 23% (79/342) had septal lesions, 14.6% (50/342) had right sided lesions, 23.3% (80/342) left sided, and 18.4% (63/342) categorised as "other". Women with foetal CHD had a higher BMI and had higher rates of cardiac disease, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension, be smokers and consume alcohol compared to controls. The CHD cohort had lower odds of spontaneous vaginal delivery (SVD) (OR 0.73, 95%CI 0.58-0.90) and higher odds of caesarean for nonreassuring foetal status (aOR 1.65, 95%CI 1.07-2.55), birth weight <5th (aOR 3.44, 95%CI 2.38-4.98) and <10th (aOR 2.49, 95%CI 1.82-3.40) centiles, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission (aOR 109.14, 95%CI 74.44-160.02), severe respiratory distress (aOR 2.90, 95%CI 2.33-3.76), 5 minutes Apgar score <7 (aOR 2.48, 95%CI 1.46-4.20), severe acidosis (aOR 1.80, 95%CI 1.14-2.85), stillbirth (aOR 4.09, 95%CI 1.62-10.33), neonatal death (aOR 24.30, 95%CI 13.24-44.61), and overall perinatal death (aOR 13.42, 95%CI 8.08-22.30). Infants with TGA had the lowest overall risk of complications whilst infants with RHL, LHL, and "others" had the highest risk of adverse outcomes, particularly death. Conclusion: Infants with CHD have overall worse obstetric and perinatal outcomes compared with controls. Infants with TGA have the best perinatal outcomes of all the CHD subcategories.
Association of Human Milk Fatty Acid Composition with Maternal Cardiometabolic Diseases: An Exploratory Prospective Cohort Study.; Background: Human milk fatty acids derive from maternal diet, body stores, and mammary synthesis and may reflect women's underlying cardiometabolic health. We explored whether human milk fatty acid composition was associated with maternal cardiometabolic disease (CMD) during pregnancy and up to 5 years postpartum. Materials and Methods: We analyzed data from the prospective CHILD Cohort Study on 1,018 women with no preexisting CMD who provided breast milk samples at 3-4 months postpartum. Milk fatty acid composition was measured using gas-liquid chromatography. Maternal CMD (diabetes or hypertension) was classified using questionnaires and birth records as no CMD (reference outcome group; 81.1%), perinatal CMD (developed and resolved during the perinatal period; 14.9%), persistent CMD (developed during, and persisted beyond, the perinatal period; 2.9%), and incident CMD (developed after the perinatal period; 1.1%). Multinomial logistic regression was used to model associations between milk fatty acid composition (individual, summary, ratios, and patterns identified using principal component analysis) and maternal CMD, adjusting for pre-pregnancy anthropometry and race/ethnicity. Results: Medium-chain saturated fatty acids (MC-SFA), lauric (C12:0; odds ratio [OR] = 0.73, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.60-0.89) and myristic acid (C14:0; OR = 0.80, 95% CI = 0.66-0.97), and the high MC-SFA principal component pattern (OR = 0.86, 95% CI = 0.76-0.96) were inversely associated with perinatal CMD. Long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids adrenic acid (C22:4n-6) was positively associated with perinatal (OR = 1.21, 95% CI = 1.01-1.44) and persistent CMD (OR = 1.56, 95% CI = 1.08-2.25). The arachidonic (C20:4n-6)-to-docosahexaenoic acid (C22:6n-3) ratio was inversely associated with incident CMD (OR = 0.52, 95% CI = 0.28-0.96). Conclusions: These exploratory findings highlight a potential novel utility of breast milk for understanding women's cardiometabolic health.
The lifecycle effects of nutrition and body size on adult adiposity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease.; This study was undertaken to review the links between maternal nutrition, offspring's birth weight and the propensity to early insulin resistance and high diabetes rates in Indian adults. Studies included a comparison of maternal size and nutrition with birth weights in Pune, India, and Southampton, UK. In Pune, the growth, insulin resistance and blood pressure of four-year-old children were assessed. Adults >40 years of age, who were resident in rural areas, were compared with adults living in urban areas for size, glucose handling, lipid status and blood pressure. Newly diagnosed diabetic adults living in urban areas were also monitored. Height, weight, head, waist and hip circumferences, skin-fold measurements and blood pressure were routinely measured. Fasting glucose, insulin, total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were linked to the glucose and insulin responses during glucose tolerance tests. Cytokine levels were measured in plasma samples of urban and rural adults. Indian babies were lighter, thinner, shorter and had a relatively lower lean tissue mass than the Caucasian babies. However, the subcutaneous fat measurements of these babies were comparable to those of the white Caucasian babies. The Indian mothers were small, but relatively fat mothers produced larger babies. Maternal intake of green vegetables, fruit and milk, and their circulating folate and vitamin C levels, predicted larger fetal size. Rapid childhood growth promoted insulin resistance and higher blood pressure. Rural adults were thin, with a 4% prevalence of diabetes and a 14% prevalence of hypertension, but the risks increased within the normal body mass index (BMI) range. Type 2 diabetes was common in urban adults younger than 35 years of age. Although the average BMI was 23.9 kg m(-2), central obesity and thin limbs were noteworthy. Levels of interleukin-6 and tumour necrosis factor-a were markedly increased in urban dwellers. Hence, there is evidence of a remarkably powerful, intergenerational effect on body size and total and central adiposity. Indians are highly susceptible to insulin resistance and cardiovascular risks, with babies being born small but relatively fat. Insulin resistance is amplified by rapid childhood growth. Dietary factors seem to have profound long-term metabolic influences in pregnancy. Overcrowding with infections and central obesity may amplify cytokine-induced insulin resistance and early diabetes in Indian adults with a low BMI.
The outcome of heart failure in women: a study from a tertiary heart function clinic.; BACKGROUND: Women have unique risk factors for heart disease and a higher risk of cardiovascular mortality. Heart failure (HF) prevalence in women is affected by age, pregnancy, and menopause. More understanding of HF etiology, management, and outcome in women is needed. METHOD: a retrospective study of women diagnosed with HF following at a heart function clinic (HFC) in a tertiary cardiac center. RESULTS: A total of 1988 HF patients were screened. Women accounted for 561 (28.2%). The mean age at first HF presentation was 47.7 ± 17.9 years. The most common diagnosis was HF with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF ≤ 40%) 473 (84%). The most frequent cause of HF was dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) in 304 patients (54.2%). Prevalence of diabetes (DM) was 272 (48.5%), hypertension (HTN) 267 (47.6%), and body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 was 332 (59%). Adverse pregnancy events included miscarriages 151 (38.6%), preeclampsia 15 (3.8%), and spontaneous coronary dissection 3 (0.8%). Left ventricle recovery to EF ≥ 50% occurred in 116 (20.7%) patients, while death occurred in 32 (5.7%) patients during follow-up. Women living with chronic HF were 240 (42.8%). The use of beta-blockers occurred in (96%), renin-angiotensin enzyme inhibitors (86.6%), mineralocorticoids (55.4%), and sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (31.6%). Women who had a heart transplant were 19 (3.75%). CONCLUSION: Referral to specialized heart function clinics remains low for women. There is high burden of obesity among women and the majority of women have chronic HF but advanced HF therapy consideration is low in women.
Antepartum testing in patients with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.; Antepartum fetal testing in pregnant patients with hypertensive disorders may be beneficial in preventing stillbirth and hypoxic sequelae in the fetus. The highest risk patients in this category are those with intrauterine growth restriction, superimposed preeclampsia, associated medical complications such as diabetes, systemic lupus erythematosis, chronic renal disease, or history of a prior stillbirth. The current recommended method of primary testing is a twice weekly modified biophysical profile with either a full BPP or a contraction stress test for backup evaluation of those patients with lack of reactivity or decreased amniotic fluid volume on a modified biophysical profile. Even uncomplicated patients with chronic hypertension or pregnancy-induced hypertension carry an increased risk of perinatal mortality and for these patients testing should begin at 33 to 34 weeks gestation. Patients with complications of intrauterine growth restriction, preeclampsia, diabetes, systemic lupus erythematosis, or chronic renal disease should have antepartum testing begin when intervention for fetal indications is judged to be appropriate, usually beginning at about 26 weeks gestation. Doppler velocimetry may be helpful in further evaluation of those patients in the early third trimester with abnormal primary testing.
Involuntary tobacco smoke exposures from conception to 18 years increase midlife cardiometabolic disease risk: a 40-year longitudinal study.; Few population studies have sufficient follow-up period to examine early-life exposures with later life diseases. A critical question is whether involuntary exposure to tobacco smoke from conception to adulthood increases the risk of cardiometabolic diseases (CMD) in midlife. In the Collaborative Perinatal Project, serum-validated maternal smoking during pregnancy (MSP) was assessed in the 1960s. At a mean age of 39 years, 1623 offspring were followed-up for the age at first physician-diagnoses of any CMDs, including diabetes, heart disease, hypertension, or hyperlipidemia. Detailed information on their exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) in childhood and adolescence was collected with a validated questionnaire. Cox regression was used to examine associations of in utero exposure to MSP and exposure to ETS from birth to 18 years with lifetime incidence of CMD, adjusting for potential confounders. We calculated midlife cumulative incidences of hyperlipidemia (25.2%), hypertension (14.9%), diabetes (3.9%), and heart disease (1.5%). Lifetime risk of hypertension increased by the 2(nd) -trimester exposure to MSP (adjusted hazard ratio: 1.29, 95% confidence interval: 1.01-1.65), ETS in childhood (1.11, 0.99-1.23) and adolescence (1.22, 1.04-1.44). Lifetime risk of diabetes increased by joint exposures to MSP and ETS in childhood (1.23, 1.01-1.50) or adolescence (1.47, 1.02-2.10). These associations were stronger in males than females, in never-daily smokers than lifetime ever smokers. In conclusion, early-life involuntary exposure to tobacco smoke increases midlife risk of hypertension and diabetes in midlife.
Cortical gyrification in women and men and the (missing) link to prenatal androgens.; Previous studies have reported sex differences in cortical gyrification. Since most cortical folding is principally defined in utero, sex chromosomes as well as gonadal hormones are likely to influence sex-specific aspects of local gyrification. Classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) causes high levels of androgens during gestation in females, whereas levels in males are largely within the typical male range. Therefore, CAH provides an opportunity to study the possible effects of prenatal androgens on cortical gyrification. Here, we examined the vertex-wise absolute mean curvature-a common estimate for cortical gyrification-in individuals with CAH (33 women and 20 men) and pair-wise matched controls (33 women and 20 men). There was no significant main effect of CAH and no significant CAH-by-sex interaction. However, there was a significant main effect of sex in five cortical regions, where gyrification was increased in women compared to men. These regions were located on the lateral surface of the brain, specifically left middle frontal (rostral and caudal), right inferior frontal, left inferior parietal, and right occipital. There was no cortical region where gyrification was increased in men compared to women. Our findings do not only confirm prior reports of increased cortical gyrification in female brains but also suggest that cortical gyrification is not significantly affected by prenatal androgen exposure. Instead, cortical gyrification might be determined by sex chromosomes either directly or indirectly-the latter potentially by affecting the underlying architecture of the cortex or the size of the intracranial cavity, which is smaller in women.
Gestational weight gain and medical outcomes of pregnancy.; This narrative review discusses gestational weight gain (GWG) and medical outcomes of pregnancy, including metabolic, cardiovascular, respiratory, musculoskeletal and psychiatric systems. Taken as a whole, the available evidence shows that excessive GWG increases the risk of all medical complications of pregnancy, and negatively impacts the long-term health and weight of both mothers and their offspring. Briefly, interventions to encourage appropriate GWG are discussed and readers are directed to resources to facilitate discussion of pregnancy weight.
Correlation of HLA types in premature coronary artery disease: an attempt to define independent genetic risk factors.; This study was designed to investigate whether isolated genetic factors, controlled by genes in the HLA chromosomal region, could be indicted as independent contributing influences in the genesis of premature coronary artery disease (CAD). Nineteen patients with fixed obstructive CAD documented by coronary angiography had no coronary risk factors with respect to age; levels of serum cholesterol, fasting triglycerides, and blood glucose; blood pressure; obesity; history of diabetes mellitus or hypertension; and cigarette-smoking history. Sixteen patients had a family history of CAD. HLA typing was restricted to antigens of the A and B loci. Control subjects (n = 1,157) were normal. At the A locus, no antigens demonstrated an observed frequency significantly higher than that expected from the control population. At the B locus, BW 38 had a statistically significant greater frequency (p less than 0.01) in the study group with CAD (21 percent) than in the control population (4 percent). The association between BW 38 and premature CAD lost its statistical significance when conservatively corrected for the number of HLA antigens tested by the Bonferroni adjustment. The relative risk for CAD if a patient had antigen BW 38 was 6.2. Our data suggest a statistically significant trend between the presence of HLA BW 38 and premature CAD. Whether the HLA tissue antigens are involved directly in the pathogenesis of CAD, act as markers for immune response genes, or serve as markers of other yet undefined genetic factors needs further study.
Use of vasopressin in neonatal hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy: case series.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of vasopressin on arterial blood pressure in infants with neonatal hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM). STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective case study in Neonatal ICU involving six infants; five born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (mean gestational age 37.5 ± 0.9 weeks). Vasopressin infusion was started at a mean dose of 0.3 ± 0.2 mU/kg/min. RESULT: Initiation of vasopressin was followed by improved mean (p = 0.004), systolic (p = 0.028), and diastolic (p = 0.009) arterial pressure within 2 h. Heart rate (p = 0.025) and oxygen requirement (p = 0.021) also declined after initiation. Serum sodium declined initially and recovered by 72 h (p = 0.017). CONCLUSION: Although there is limited experience with vasopressin use in neonatal HOCM, our case series suggests it may be beneficial for improving systemic hypotension and stabilization of hemodynamics. The potential for hyponatremia is high, necessitating careful fluid/electrolyte management. A prospective randomized trial is necessary to confirm safety and efficacy of vasopressin treatment in neonatal HOCM.
Importance of n-3 fatty acids in health and disease.; In the past 2 decades, views about dietary n-3 fatty acids have moved from speculation about their functions to solid evidence that they are not only essential nutrients but also may favorably modulate many diseases. Docosahexaenoic acid (22:6n-3), which is a vital component of the phospholipids of cellular membranes, especially in the brain and retina, is necessary for their proper functioning. n-3 Fatty acids favorably affect atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, inflammatory disease, and perhaps even behavioral disorders. The 38 articles in this supplement document the importance of n-3 fatty acids in both health and disease.
Effect of late-preterm birth and maternal medical conditions on newborn morbidity risk.; OBJECTIVES: Late-preterm infants (34-36 weeks' gestation) account for nearly three quarters of all preterm births in the United States, yet little is known about their morbidity risk. We compared late-preterm and term (37-41 weeks' gestation) infants with and without selected maternal medical conditions and assessed the independent and joint effects of these exposures on newborn morbidity risk. METHODS: We used 1998-2003, population-based, Massachusetts birth and death certificates data linked to infant and maternal hospital discharge records from the Massachusetts Pregnancy to Early Life Longitudinal data system. Newborn morbidity risks that were associated with gestational age and selected maternal medical conditions, both independently and as joint exposures, were estimated by calculating adjusted risk ratios. A new measure of newborn morbidity that was based on hospital discharge diagnostic codes, hospitalization duration, and transfer status was created to define newborns with and without life-threatening conditions. Eight selected maternal medical conditions were assessed (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, diabetes, antepartum hemorrhage, lung disease, infection, cardiac disease, renal disease, and genital herpes) in relation to newborn morbidity. RESULTS: Our final study population included 26,170 infants born late preterm and 377,638 born at term. Late-preterm infants were 7 times more likely to have newborn morbidity than term infants (22% vs 3%). The newborn morbidity rate doubled in infants for each gestational week earlier than 38 weeks. Late-preterm infants who were born to mothers with any of the maternal conditions assessed were at higher risk for newborn morbidity compared with similarly exposed term infants. Late-preterm infants who were exposed to antepartum hemorrhage and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were especially vulnerable. CONCLUSIONS: Late-preterm birth and, to a lesser extent, maternal medical conditions are each independent risk factors for newborn morbidity. Combined, these 2 factors greatly increased the risk for newborn morbidity compared with term infants who were born without exposure to these risks.
Systematic review of observational studies of the impact of cardiovascular risk factors on preeclampsia in sub-saharan Africa.; BACKGROUND: Maternal mortality is a public health issue, particularly in low- and middle-income countries (LMIC). Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) is the region most affected worldwide by maternal mortality, and preeclampsia is one of the main causes. We performed a systematic review of observational studies to identify the impact of cardiovascular risk factors on preeclampsia in SSA with a more representative sample. METHODS: Databases: PubMed and Google Scholar were searched to identify published studies. Studies were included if they reported results on the link between at least one cardiovascular risk factor and preeclampsia. Relevant studies quality was assessed with the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS). Odds ratios and relative risk (RR) were reported with their confidence intervals. RESULTS: Twelve articles (8 case-controls, 3 cohorts, 1 cross-sectional) were included in this review, with a total of 24,369 pregnant women. Cardiovascular risk factors such as chronic hypertension, overweight, obesity, diabetes and alcohol were significantly associated with a high risk of preeclampsia. Very few data were available concerning some risk factors. None of the articles reported tobacco consumption as a preeclampsia risk factor. There is a lack of data from French-speaking SSA countries. CONCLUSION: Cardiovascular risk factors increase the risk of preeclampsia. Our results suggest the need for prospective cohort studies to ascertain this association in order to reduce maternal mortality due to preeclampsia.
Case report and review of the perinatal implications of maternal lithium use.; The purpose of this study was to review the use of lithium in pregnancy and its effects on the neonate. This was a case study and review of the published literature. Lithium is commonly used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders, specifically bipolar depression. Bipolar disorders that require treatment with lithium demand special consideration when the woman becomes pregnant. Reported neonatal problems with maternal lithium therapy include Ebstein's anomaly, poor respiratory effort and cyanosis, rhythm disturbances, nephrogenic diabetes insipidus, thyroid dysfunction, hypoglycemia, hypotonia and lethargy, hyperbilirubinemia, and large-for-gestational-age infants. Lithium can have adverse effects on the fetus and newborn infant, but data suggest normal behavioral patterns in childhood.
Influence of maternal vitamin B12 and folate on growth and insulin resistance in the offspring.; The burden of chronic noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) such as diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease is shifting rapidly to low- and middle-income countries. It calls for a review of the classic 'dogma' of genetic predisposition, precipitated by adult lifestyle. The paradigm of early life origins of chronic disease has focused attention on maternal health and nutrition as major determinants of the health of the offspring. India has high burden of maternal ill health and also of diabetes and cardiovascular disease, offering unique opportunities to study the links between the two. Pune studies showed that the Indian babies were thin but fat (more adipose) compared to European babies, and that maternal micronutrient status during pregnancy was a determinant of offspring size and body composition. Two thirds of the mothers had low vitamin B12 concentrations, while folate deficiency was rare. Higher circulating concentrations of homocysteine predicted smaller baby size. Follow-up studies revealed that higher maternal folate in pregnancy predicted higher adiposity and insulin resistance in the child at 6 years of age, and that low maternal vitamin B12 exaggerated the risk of insulin resistance. Low maternal vitamin B12 status is also associated with increased risk of neural tube defects and poor offspring cognitive functions. Our results suggest an important role for maternal one-carbon metabolism in offspring growth and programming of NCD risk. These ideas are supported by animal studies. Improvement of adolescent nutrition could effect intergenerational prevention of chronic diseases.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and endometrial hyperplasia: an overview of the role of bariatric surgery in female fertility.; One of the most effective methods to tackle obesity and its related comorbidities is bariatric surgery. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and endometrial hyperplasia (EH), which are associated with increased risk of endometrial carcinoma, have been identified as potentially new indications for bariatric surgery. PCOS is the most common endocrine disorder in women in the reproductive age and is associated with several components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, insulin resistance and hypertension. EH is a pre-cancerous condition which arises in the presence of chronic exposure to estrogen unopposed by progesterone such as both in PCOS and obesity. The main bariatric procedures are Roux-en-Y gastric bypass, laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy and laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding. These procedures are well established and when correctly selected and performed by experienced bariatric surgeons, they can achieve significant weight loss and remission of obesity related co-morbidities. Studies have shown that bariatric surgery can play an important role in the management of patients with PCOS and improve fertility. Similarly, bariatric surgery has a positive effect on endometrial hyperplasia, making surgically induced weight loss a potentially attractive option for endometrial cancer prevention and treatment. Obesity has an adverse impact on spontaneous pregnancy, assisted reproduction methods and feto-maternal outcomes. After bariatric surgery obese women with subfertility can achieve spontaneous pregnancy. However, while bariatric surgery reduces the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes, there is an increased risk of small for gestational age and possible increased risk of stillborn or neonatal death. In this article we will review the evidence regarding the use of bariatric surgery as a treatment modality in patients with PCOS and EH. We also provide an overview of the common bariatric procedures.
Effect of glycosylated hemoglobin on endothelium-dependent relaxation of omental arteries from pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: This study was intended to test the hypothesis that glycosylated hemoglobin adversely affects endothelium-dependent vascular relaxation during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Omental artery rings (3 mm) obtained from patients undergoing cesarean delivery at term were suspended in organ chambers for isometric tension recording in Krebs bicarbonate solution. They were bubbled with 5% carbon dioxide in air (37 degrees C, pH 7.4). After equilibration at 1-g passive tension and contraction with endothelin 1, concentration-relaxation curves in response to bradykinin were determined in the presence or absence of oxyhemoglobin, glycosylated hemoglobin, or nitric oxide synthase inhibitors (N(omega)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester or N(omega)-nitro-L-arginine). RESULTS: Oxyhemoglobin and glycosylated hemoglobin attenuated the endothelium-dependent relaxation induced by bradykinin. The inhibition did not differ significantly between the 2 nitric oxide scavengers and was of the same magnitude as that noted with the nitric oxide synthase inhibitors. CONCLUSION: Glycosylation of hemoglobin does not change its effect on endothelium-dependent relaxation in human omental vessels during pregnancy. These data do not support the hypothesis that glycosylated hemoglobin may be the reason for abnormal endothelial function in diabetes.
Intrauterine growth restriction modifies gene expression profiling in cord blood.; BACKGROUND: Small-for-gestational-age (SGA) newborns are at an increased risk for perinatal morbidity and mortality and development of metabolic syndromes such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in adulthood. The mechanism underlying this increased risk remains unclear. In this study, genetic modifications of cord blood were investigated to characterize fetal change in SGA newborns. METHODS: Gene expression in cord blood cells was compared between 10 SGA newborns and 10 appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) newborns using microarray analysis. Pathway analysis was conducted using the Ingenuity Pathways Knowledge Base. To confirm the microarray analysis results, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) was performed for upregulated genes in SGA newborns. RESULTS: In total, 775 upregulated and 936 downregulated probes were identified in SGA newborns and compared with those in AGA newborns. Of these probes, 1149 were annotated. Most of these genes have been implicated in the development of cardiovascular disease and T2DM. There was good agreement between the RT-PCR and microarray analyses results. CONCLUSIONS: Expression of certain genes was modified in SGA newborns in the fetal period. These genes have been associated with metabolic syndrome. To clarify the association between modified gene expression in cord blood and individual vulnerability to metabolic syndrome in adulthood, these SGA newborns will be have long-term follow up for examination of genetic and postnatal environmental factors. Gene expression of cord blood can be a useful and non-invasive method of investigation of genetic alterations in the fetal period.
Health Disparities among Australia's Remote-Dwelling Aboriginal People: A Report from 2020.; BACKGROUND: Australia has 2 distinct indigenous groups, Torres Strait Islanders and Aborigines. The Aborigines, described in this report, first colonized the continent 65 millennia ago. Those still living in the Northern Territory (NT) retain much ancestrally derived genetic complement but also are the most health-challenged by environment and lifestyle in 21st century. Reports providing overviews of these disparities are, as yet, rare. CONTENT: This review defines the studied population and then describes and attempts to explain contemporary clinical findings among Australia's remote-dwelling Aborigines, principally in the NT. The report is structured by life stage and then by organ system. Finally, a brief synthesis is advanced concerning the disparities that Australia's Aboriginals face. SUMMARY: In 2015-2017, NT aboriginal life expectancy for people then born was 66.6 years for men and 69.9 years for women compared with 78.1 and 82.7 years, respectively, among nonindigenous Territorians. Principal causes of the reduced longevity, with nonindigenous comparisons, include adolescent pregnancy, with maternal use of alcohol and tobacco (each 7-fold greater); fetal alcohol spectrum disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder; skin infections, both scabies and impetigo (50-fold greater); rheumatic heart disease (260-fold greater); premature acute myocardial infarction (9-fold greater); bronchiectasis (40-fold greater); lung cancer (2-fold greater); diabetes mellitus (10-fold greater); renal failure (30-fold greater); and suicide (2-fold greater). Some disease has genetic roots, secondary to prolonged genetic drift. Much arises from avoidable stressors and from contemporary environmental disparities in housing. The Europid diet is also not helpful.
Preexisting Diabetes and Pregnancy.; The prevalence of diabetes in adolescents and women of reproductive age has increased since 1995. However, no prospective national population-based data from the United States are available regarding women with preexisting diabetes in pregnancy (pregestational)—that is, type 1 diabetes or type 2 diabetes identified before pregnancy. Knowledge of the true prevalence depends on inclusion of women with early pregnancy losses, which are not available in birth certificate or hospital discharge data. In this chapter, prevalence data are presented from selected populations, including women who have recently given birth to a live infant, women who have used diabetes medications during pregnancy, women who have delivered in hospitals, and women enrolled in specific health plans. These reports, as well as population-based reports from other countries, suggest that diabetes during pregnancy has at least doubled since 1995, with increases in pregnancies affected by type 1 and type 2 diabetes and across all age groups. Surveys of diabetes in female youth show that the prevalence of type 1 diabetes is greater than type 2 diabetes, but by the time in life of pregnancy, the ratio has reversed in population-based analyses of births. The former crude prevalence of preexisting diabetes mellitus in pregnancy of approximately 0.3% has risen to 1.0%–1.9% in major parts of North America, paralleling the diabetes prevalence in reproductive-age women, which was approximately 1.85%–3.0% between 2002 and 2009. Preconception care of diabetes has consistently been reported to reduce major congenital malformations and perinatal complications by over 60%, thus rendering such care cost-effective. Utilization of preconception care is suboptimal, in part because of the high frequency of unplanned pregnancy, as well as lack of access to care. No national or regional surveillance systems are in place to prospectively monitor utilization of preconception care of diabetes and outcomes in the United States. Even though the risks of unplanned pregnancy are greater in women with diabetes than in nondiabetic women, women with diabetes are less likely to receive contraception counseling than women without diabetes. Large prospective studies of diabetic women from the preconception period forward are needed in order to obtain reliable data on the prevalence of preconception care of diabetes and the use of contraception, as well as the number of diabetic women becoming and remaining pregnant. This effort might also have the effect of better linkage of general diabetes care to enhanced preconception management of diabetic women. Severe maternal complications of pregnancy may be rare in the United States, but diabetes increases the relative risks of maternal mortality, ischemic stroke, myocardial infarction, preeclampsia-eclampsia, and possibly sepsis and venous thromboembolism. Prevention of diabetic ketoacidosis and severe maternal hypoglycemia is crucial; their frequencies should be monitored as indicators of quality of care, including self-care by the patient. Population-based systems to monitor these important comorbidities are lacking in the United States. Proliferative retinopathy can progress during pregnancy, but risk of vision loss can be reduced by comprehensive ophthalmologic screening and photocoagulation as necessary. Data from other countries suggest that pregnancy does not exacerbate mild nephropathy in the long term, although the presence of nephropathy can contribute to poorer birth outcomes and worsen prognosis over the long term. Hypertensive disorders affect >10% of diabetic pregnancies, contributing to neonatal morbidity. Prospective data on treatment of hypertension during diabetic pregnancy are lacking. First trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (A1c) levels >7.0% are associated with poorer birth outcomes. The teratogenic effects of hyperglycemia may be compounded by obesity, smoking, alcohol use, and/or poor nutrition. Fetal complications include a higher frequency of major congenital malformations, the most common of which are cardiovascular. It is controversial whether the use of medications common among women with diabetes contributes to the malformation risk, although insulin, antihyperglycemic medications, and oral contraceptives do not appear to do so. Stillbirths occur more frequently among women with poorer glucose control, and degree of risk increases with degree of A1c elevation. The prevalences of major malformations and stillbirths in surveys depend on the inclusion of terminations of pregnancy or late fetal losses at 20–23 weeks gestation, respectively. Women with diabetes also have a 30%–60% higher risk of infants affected by preterm delivery and macrosomia with concomitant birth trauma events, such as shoulder dystocia with vaginal delivery. In 2009, approximately 56.5% of births to women with pregestational diabetes mellitus were by cesarean section, and 16%–27% of births resulted in birth weights >4,000 g. Other adverse events among infants of mothers with diabetes include infant mortality and neonatal hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, although such events are infrequent. Infants of diabetic mothers can experience a higher frequency of respiratory distress, polycythemia, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, and hyperbilirubinemia compared to infants of mothers without diabetes. In rare cases, these complications also can contribute to neonatal encephalopathy. The increasing frequency of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in young women and increasing maternal age at conception are likely to further increase the risk of adverse maternal, birth, and infant outcomes. Population-based data are needed to track conception, miscarriage, major malformations, and livebirth and stillbirth frequencies among women with diabetes. Such data would guide the optimal timing and tailoring of preconception interventions. Interventions are needed that quantify the optimal amount of surveillance during fetal development (balancing costs and benefits), along with interventions that examine long-term risk to mothers and offspring. The subject matter in this chapter is necessarily broad, as it not only discusses prevalence of pregestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy but also prevalence of diabetes in reproductive-age women; preconception care and contraception; complications in the mother, fetus, infant, and developing offspring; and methodologic issues related to assessment of outcomes in the mother, fetus, and infant. The beauty and the devil is in the details. The definitions and management of pregnancy-related conditions can vary considerably among studies and, in many cases, are controversial.
Association of female reproductive factors with body composition: the Framingham Heart Study.; BACKGROUND: Identifying reproductive risk factors in women offers a life course approach to obesity and cardiovascular disease prevention. The association of female reproductive factors with measures of regional body fat distribution has not been comprehensively studied. METHODS: We examined the association of female reproductive factors (age at menarche, parity, age at natural menopause, menopausal status) in association with body composition data from women who participated in the Offspring and the Third Generation Framingham Heart Study cohorts. Visceral adipose tissue (VAT) and sc adipose tissue (SAT) were measured volumetrically by multidetector computerized tomography. We modeled the relationship between each fat depot and female reproductive factors after adjusting for various factors such as age, smoking status, alcohol intake, physical activity index, hormone replacement therapy, and menopausal status. RESULTS: Earlier age at menarche was associated with increased body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC), VAT, and SAT (P < 0.0001). This association of earlier menarche with adiposity measures was attenuated after adjusting for BMI (all P > 0.70). We observed no association between parity and all parameters of adiposity measurements (all P > 0.24). Similarly, age at natural menopause was not associated with measures of body composition. Despite higher mean BMI among the post- (BMI 27.3 kg/m(2)) compared with the premenopausal women (BMI 25.9 kg/m(2)) in an age-matched analysis, mean VAT was not different between the two groups (P = 0.30). CONCLUSIONS: Earlier menarche is associated with overall obesity but not with VAT or SAT after accounting for measures of generalized adiposity. Parity and menopausal age were not associated with adiposity measures. Although postmenopausal women had increased BMI, VAT, and SAT, the association was predominantly due to age.
Contraindications for tattooing.; Tattooing is getting increasingly popular among the young. However, not everyone is suited to getting tattooed. Indeed, it is not rare for patients with a chronic skin disease or another systemic condition to be eager to get a tattoo. They perceive tattooing as a harmless, risk-free procedure. Therefore, some patients may not seek medical advice before the procedure. Some also fear a judgmental approach by their physician, who may try to discourage them. Lastly, the tattooist does not have either the training or the education to properly advise a customer about his/her condition. Therefore, it is important that any physician be able to provide adequate counselling regarding the possibility of getting tattooed and under which conditions. Even though an exhaustive list is impossible to address, the main issues include chronic skin disorders, pigmented lesions of the skin, (congenital) heart disease, immunosuppressive diseases and treatments, blood clotting disorders, and pregnancy/breastfeeding.
Chronic disease in a general adult population. Findings from the Rand Health Insurance Experiment.; Using questionnaire and physical screening examination data for a general population of 4,962 adults aged 18 to 61 years enrolled in the Rand Health Insurance Experiment, we calculated the prevalence of 13 chronic illnesses and assessed disease impact. Low-income men had a significantly higher prevalence of anemia, chronic airway disease and hearing impairment than their high-income counterparts, low-income women a higher prevalence of congestive heart failure, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, hearing impairment and vision impairment. Of our sample, 30% had one chronic condition and 16% had two or more. Several significant pairs or "clusters" of chronic illnesses were found. With few exceptions (diabetes, hypertension), the use of physician care in the previous year for a specific condition tended to be low. Disease impact (worry, activity restriction) was widespread but mild. Persons with angina, congestive heart failure, mild chronic joint disorders and peptic ulcer disease reported a greater impact than persons with other illnesses.
Relationships between birth weight discordance and maternal and perinatal risks among twin pregnancies conceived following frozen embryo transfer.; STUDY QUESTION: Is intertwin birth weight discordance associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes following frozen embryo transfer (FET)? SUMMARY ANSWER: For twins conceived following FET, intertwin birth weight discordance is related to elevated risks of neonatal mortality irrespective of chorionicity, and the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) is elevated for the mothers of dichorionic twins affected by such birth weight discordance. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: While the relationships between intertwin birth weight discordance and adverse maternal or fetal outcomes have been studied for naturally conceived twins, similarly comprehensive analyses for twins conceived using ART remain to be performed. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This was a retrospective cohort study of all twin births from 2007 to 2021 at Shanghai Ninth People's Hospital in Shanghai, China that were conceived following FET (N = 6265). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Intertwin birth weight discordance was defined as a 20% difference in neonatal birth weights. The primary study outcome was the incidence of HDP and neonatal death while secondary outcomes included gestational diabetes, placenta previa, placental abruption, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, preterm premature rupture of the membranes, Cesarean delivery, gestational age, birth weight, stillbirth, birth defect, neonatal jaundice, necrotizing enterocolitis, and pneumonia incidence. Logistic regression models were used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) and 95% CIs for maternal and neonatal outcomes. Subgroup analyses were conducted, and Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was used to estimate the survival probability. The sensitivity analysis was performed with a propensity score-based patient-matching model, an inverse probability weighting model, a restricted cubic spline analysis, and logistic regression models using other percentage cutoffs for discordance. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Of 6101 females that gave birth to dichorionic twins during the study interval, birth weight discordance was observed in 797 twin pairs (13.1%). In this cohort, intertwin birth weight discordance was related to an elevated risk of HDP (aOR 1.56; 95% CI 1.21-2.00), and this relationship was confirmed through sensitivity analyses. Hypertensive disease risk rose as the severity of this birth weight discordance increased. Discordant birth weight was also linked to increased odds of neonatal mortality (aOR 2.13; 95% CI 1.03-4.09) and this risk also increased with the severity of discordance. Of the 164 women with monochorionic twins, the discordant group exhibited an elevated risk of neonatal death compared to the concordant group (crude OR 9.00; 95% CI 1.02-79.3). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The limitations of this study are its retrospective nature and the fact that the available data could not specify which twins were affected by adverse outcomes. There is a lack of an established reference birth weight for Chinese twins born at a gestational age of 24-41 weeks. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: These findings suggest that twins exhibiting a birth weight discordance are related to an elevated risk of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, emphasizing a potential need for higher levels of antenatal surveillance in these at-risk pregnancies. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Authors declare no conflict of interest. This study was funded by the Clinical Research Program of Shanghai Ninth People's Hospital affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine (JYLJ202118) and the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant Nos 82271693 and 82273634). TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
The role of metabolism in cardiac development.; Metabolism is the fundamental process that sustains life. The heart, in particular, is an organ of high energy demand, and its energy substrates have been studied for more than a century. In recent years, there has been a growing interest in understanding the role of metabolism in the early differentiation of pluripotent stem cells and in cancer research. Studies have revealed that metabolic intermediates from glycolysis and the tricarboxylic acid cycle act as co-factors for intracellular signal transduction, playing crucial roles in regulating cell behaviors. Mitochondria, as the central hub of metabolism, are also under intensive investigation regarding the regulation of their dynamics. The metabolic environment of the fetus is intricately linked to the maternal metabolic status, and the impact of the mother's nutrition and metabolic health on fetal development is significant. For instance, it is well known that maternal diabetes increases the risk of cardiac and nervous system malformations in the fetus. Another notable example is the decrease in the risk of neural tube defects when pregnant women are supplemented with folic acid. These examples highlight the profound influence of the maternal metabolic environment on the fetal organ development program. Therefore, gaining insights into the metabolic environment within developing fetal organs is critical for deepening our understanding of normal organ development. This review aims to summarize recent findings that build upon the historical recognition of the environmental and metabolic factors involved in the developing embryo.
Vasculogenic hyperprolactinemia: severe prolactin excess in association with internal carotid artery aneurysms.; PURPOSE: Internal carotid artery (ICA) aneurysms have rarely been found in association with marked hyperprolactinemia in the absence of prolactinoma; the cause of hyperprolactinemia has never been investigated. We aimed to determine if the observed hyperprolactinemia is due to a vascular-derived or known prolactin secretagogue from the injured ICA, analogous to pregnancy-associated hyperprolactinemia putatively due to placental factors. METHODS: We conducted a case series and literature review of individuals with severe hyperprolactinemia in association with ICA aneurysms. In two affected patients at our institutions, we performed RT-PCR and ELISA of prolactin secretagogues that are produced by vascular tissue and/or upregulated in pregnancy: AGT (encoding angiotensinogen), TAC1 (encoding substance P), HDC (encoding the enzyme responsible for conversion of histidine to histamine), and prolactin-releasing hormone (PRLH). Patient blood samples were compared to pregnancy blood samples (positive controls) and middle-aged male blood samples (negative controls). RESULTS: Two men presented with serum prolactin >100-fold normal associated with cavernous ICA aneurysms and no pituitary adenoma. Aneurysm stenting in one man more than halved his serum prolactin. In both men, dopamine agonist therapy markedly reduced serum prolactin. RT-PCR and ELISA showed no differences between patients and controls in AGT, TAC1 or HDC expression or PRLH titre, respectively. Literature review revealed 11 similar cases. CONCLUSIONS: We propose the term 'vasculogenic hyperprolactinemia' to encompass the hyperprolactinemia associated with ICA aneurysms. This may be mediated by an endothelial factor capable of paracrine stimulation of lactotrophs; however, angiotensin II, substance P, histamine and PRLH appear unlikely to be causative.
Short term sequelae of preeclampsia: a single center cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Data on the prevalence of persistent symptoms in the first year after preeclampsia are limited. Furthermore, possible risk factors for these sequelae are poorly defined. We investigated kidney function, blood pressure, proteinuria and urine sediment in women with preeclampsia 6 months after delivery with secondary analysis for possible associated clinical characteristics. METHODS: From January 2007 to July 2014 all women with preeclampsia and 6-months follow up at the University Hospital Basel were analyzed. Preeclampsia was defined as new onset of hypertension (≥140/90 mmHg) and either proteinuria or signs of end-organ dysfunction. Hypertension was defined as a blood pressure ≥ 140/90 mmHg or the use of antihypertensive medication. Proteinuria was defined as a protein-to-creatinine ratio in a spot urine > 11 mg/mmol. Urine sediment was evaluated by a nephrologist. Secondary analyses were performed to investigate for possible parameters associated with persistent symptoms after preeclampsia. RESULTS: Two hundred two women were included into the analysis. At a mean time of follow up of 172 days (+/- 39.6) after delivery, mean blood pressure was 124/76 mmHg (+/- 14/11, range 116-182/63-110) and the mean serum-creatinine was 61.8 μmol/l (33-105 μmol/l) (normal < 110 μmol/l). Mean estimated glomerular filtration rate using CKD-EPI was 110.7 mml/min/1.73m(2) (range 59.7-142.4 mml/min/1.73m(2)) (normal > 60 mml/min/1.73m(2)). 20.3% (41/202) had a blood pressure of 140/90 mmHg or higher (mean 143/89 mmHg) or were receiving antihypertensive medication (5.5%, 11/202). Proteinuria was present in 33.1% (66/199) (mean 27.5 mg/mmol). Proteinuria and hypertension was present in 8% (16/199). No active urine sediment (e.g. signs of glomerulonephritis) was observed. Age and gestational diabetes were associated with persistent proteinuria and severe preeclampsia with eGFR decline of ≥ 10 ml/min/1.73m(2). CONCLUSION: Hypertension and proteinuria are common after 6 months underlining the importance of close follow up to identify those women who need further care.
Prescription of aerobic exercise during pregnancy.; Available evidence supports the existence of both risks and benefits of aerobic conditioning during human pregnancy. During intensive exertion, maternal skeletal muscle and the fetus may compete for blood flow, oxygen delivery and essential fuel substrates. Hence, the most important hypothetical risks include acute fetal hypoxia, hyperthermia and malnutrition. If exercise is repeated on a chronic basis, teratogenic effects, fetal growth retardation or altered fetal development may result if maternal/fetal adaptive reserve is exceeded. A dose-response relationship for such effects has been demonstrated in laboratory animals, but specific findings may have limited applicability to voluntary exercise in pregnant women. Although further investigation is needed, the majority of published studies suggest that fitness-type conditioning does not jeopardise fetal well-being in healthy well-nourished women. Benefits of such exercise appear to include increases in maximal aerobic power (VO2max, L/min) and enhanced cardiopulmonary reserve. It has also been proposed that exercise prevents accumulation of excess body fat, promotes psychological well-being, helps to prevent gestational diabetes and low back pain and may facilitate labour. However, these benefits remain to be confirmed by objective scientific study. Due primarily to a lack of scientific data, existing medical guidelines for exercise during pregnancy are conservative and follow a common sense approach. Good agreement exists on the need for preparticipation medical screening and continuing surveillance to verify the existence of maternal/fetal adaptive reserve. Women are advised to select safe, non-ballistic exercise modalities and to avoid thermal or hyperbaric environmental stress during exercise. Exercise in the supine position is also prudent to avoid, particularly in late gestation. The usefulness of heart rate in prescribing and monitoring exercise intensity has been questioned, with use of conventional perception of exertion scales being the most logical alternative. Prediction of maximal aerobic power (VO2max) from submaximal work rate/heart rate relationships is also problematic during pregnancy. Other areas of debate include the advisability of initiating a new exercise programme during pregnancy, methods for prevention of fetal hyperthermia, the safety of weight-training/isometric exercise and optimal methods for training of pre/postnatal fitness instructors.
Perinatal Origins of Adult Disease.; Epidemiological and experimental studies have shown that the peri-conception period, pregnancy, and infancy are windows of particular sensibility to environmental clues which influence lifelong trajectories across health and disease. Nutrition, stress, and toxins induce epigenetic marks that control long-term gene expression patterns and can be transmitted transgenerationally. Chronic diseases of adulthood such as hypertension, diabetes, and obesity thus have early, developmental origins in the perinatal period. The early epigenome, in interaction with other actors such as the microbiome, add powerful layers of diversity to the biological predisposition generated by the genome. Such "programming" is a normal, adaptive component of development, including in normal pregnancies and births. However, perinatal disease, either maternal (such as pre-eclampsia, ges-tational diabetes, or inflammatory disease) or fetal, and neonatal diseases (such as intrauterine growth restriction and preterm birth) are major conditions of altered programming, translated into an increased risk for chronic disease in these patients when they reach adulthood. Early prevention, optimal perinatal nutrition, and specific follow-up measures are key factors in the early preservation of long-term health.
Psychotropic Treatment During Pregnancy: Research Synthesis and Clinical Care Principles.; Background: Psychiatric illnesses are common in women of childbearing age. The perinatal period is a particularly high-risk time for depression, bipolar, and anxiety disorders. Methods: The scope of the public health problem of perinatal mental disorders is discussed followed by an examination of the specific research methods utilized for the study of birth and developmental outcomes associated with maternal mental illness and its treatment. The evidence on exposure to common psychotropics during pregnancy and breastfeeding is reviewed. Results: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor medications are not associated with higher rates of birth defects or long-term changes in mental development after adjustment for confounding factors associated with underlying psychiatric illness. Lithium exposure is associated with an increased risk for fetal cardiac malformations, but this risk is lower than previously thought (absolute risk of Ebstein's anomaly 6/1,000). Antipsychotics, other than risperidone and potentially paliperidone, have not been associated with an increase in birth defects; olanzapine and quetiapine have been linked with an elevated risk of gestational diabetes. Due to the dramatic physiological changes of pregnancy and enhanced hepatic metabolism, drug doses may need to be adjusted during pregnancy to sustain efficacy. Untreated maternal psychiatric illness also carries substantial risks for the mother, fetus, infant, and family. Conclusions: The goal of perinatal mental health treatment is to optimally provide pharmacotherapy to mitigate the somatic and psychosocial burdens of maternal psychiatric disorders. Regular symptom monitoring during pregnancy and postpartum and medication dose adjustments to sustain efficacy constitutes good practice.
Maternal Morbidity Risk Factors in Nulliparas.; OBJECTIVE: For every incidence of maternal mortality, maternal morbidity is thought to occur in another 50 to 100 individuals in the United States. Multiple risk factors for severe maternal morbidity have been identified, but counseling about specific risk in pregnancy remains difficult, particularly nulliparous individuals as prior obstetric history is one of the factors influencing risk for severe maternal morbidity. The objective of this study is to examine the association between sociodemographic and laboratory assessments in the first trimester and maternal morbidity in nulliparas. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of a large, multicenter prospective observational cohort of nulliparas. The primary maternal outcome was a composite of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), hemorrhage (transfusion, hemorrhage, hysterectomy, other surgery, readmission for bleeding), infection (endometritis, wound infection or dehiscence, pneumonia, sepsis, infection during labor and delivery, readmission for infection through day 14), venous thromboembolic events (VTE) (deep venous thrombosis, or pulmonary embolus), or maternal death within 14 days of delivery. Sociodemographic and clinical factors were compared between people with and without maternal morbidity. Relative risk and 95% confidence interval for maternal morbidity was calculated using log-binomial regression, adjusted for baseline characteristics that had a significant independent relationship with maternal morbidity with a p-value <0.05. RESULTS: Of 9,445 pregnant people in the analysis, 18.2% (n = 1,716) experienced the composite maternal morbidity; the most common component was HDP (13.1%, n = 1,244) followed by infection (4.43%, n = 420), hemorrhage (2.27%, n = 215), VTE (0.12%, n = 11), and death (0.01%, n = 1). In a multivariable model, self-identified Black race, first trimester obesity, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, and chronic kidney disease were significantly associated with the primary maternal outcome. CONCLUSION: More than one in six nulliparas experienced the composite maternal morbidities. Maternal morbidity was associated with self-identified Black race, obesity, and multiple preexisting medical comorbidities. KEY POINTS: · One in six nulliparas experience maternal morbidity in their first pregnancy related to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, infection, hemorrhage, and venous thromboembolism.. · Risk factors for maternal morbidity in nulliparas include Black race, prepregnancy body mass index, and preexisting medical conditions.. · The preexisting medical conditions with the strongest association with maternal morbidity included pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, and chronic kidney disease..
Blood pressure measurement in special populations and circumstances.; According to the established validation protocols, a typical validation study of a blood pressure (BP) monitor includes general population adults with normal or elevated BP. It is recognized, however, that the automated (oscillometric) BP monitors may have different accuracy or uses in some special populations compared with adults in the general population. Thus, an automated BP monitor with proven accuracy in a general population of adults may not be accurate in a special population, and therefore separate validation is needed. Recognized special populations deserving separate validation are those for which there is theoretical, and also clinical evidence, that the accuracy of BP monitors in these groups differs from that in the general population. Young children, pregnant women (including those with preeclampsia), individuals with arm circumference >42 cm, and patients with atrial fibrillation are regarded as special populations. Adolescents, individuals older than 80 years, and patients with end-stage renal disease or diabetes mellitus have also been considered as possible special groups, but there is still inadequate evidence of altered accuracy of BP monitors in these subjects. Validation studies should be performed in special populations and evaluated separately after the BP-measuring device has successfully undergone a validation study in a general population (unless the test device is intended only for a special population). This article discusses issues relating to the measurement of BP and the diagnosis of hypertension in selected special populations, as well as in low-resource settings, where a simplified yet efficient evaluation strategy is necessary.
Vitamin B12 deficiency and altered one-carbon metabolites in early pregnancy is associated with maternal obesity and dyslipidaemia.; Vitamin B12 (B12) is a micronutrient essential for one-carbon (1C) metabolism. B12 deficiency disturbs the 1C cycle and alters DNA methylation which is vital for most metabolic processes. Studies show that B12 deficiency may be associated with obesity, insulin resistance and gestational diabetes; and with obesity in child-bearing women. We therefore hypothesised that the associations between B12 deficiency, BMI and the metabolic risk could be mediated through altered 1C metabolites in early pregnancy. We explored these associations in two different early pregnancy cohorts in the UK (cohort 1; n = 244 and cohort 2; n = 60) with anthropometric data at 10-12 weeks and plasma/serum sampling at 16-18 weeks. B12, folate, total homocysteine (tHcy), methionine, MMA, metabolites of 1C metabolism (SAM, SAH) and anthropometry were measured. B12 deficiency (< 150 pmol/l) in early pregnancy was 23% in cohort 1 and 18% in cohort 2. Regression analysis after adjusting for likely confounders showed that B12 was independently and negatively associated with BMI (Cohort 1: β = - 0.260, 95% CI (- 0.440, - 0.079), p = 0.005, Cohort 2: (β = - 0.220, 95% CI (- 0.424, - 0.016), p = 0.036) and positively with HDL cholesterol (HDL-C) (β = 0.442, 95% CI (0.011,0.873), p = 0.045). We found that methionine (β = - 0.656, 95% CI (- 0.900, - 0.412), p < 0.0001) and SAH (β = 0.371, 95% CI (0.071, 0.672), p = 0.017) were independently associated with triglycerides. Low B12 status and alteration in metabolites in 1C metabolism are common in UK women in early pregnancy and are independently associated with maternal obesity and dyslipidaemia. Therefore, we suggest B12 monitoring in women during peri-conceptional period and future studies on the pathophysiological relationship between changes in 1C metabolites and its association with maternal and fetal outcomes on larger cohorts. This in turn may offer potential to reduce the metabolic risk in pregnant women and their offspring.
Discover overlooked complications after preeclampsia using electronic health records.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia (PE) is a severe pregnancy complication characterized by hypertension and end-organ damage such as proteinuria. PE poses a significant threat to women's long-term health, including an increased risk of cardiovascular and renal diseases. Most previous studies have been hypothesis-based, potentially overlooking certain significant complications. This study conducts a comprehensive, non-hypothesis-based analysis of PE-complicated diagnoses after pregnancies using multiple large-scale electronic health records (EHR) datasets. METHOD: From the University of Michigan (UM) Healthcare System, we collected 4,348 PE patients for the cases and 27,377 patients with pregnancies not complicated by PE or related conditions for the controls. We first conducted a non-hypothesis-based analysis to identify any long-term adverse health conditions associated with PE using logistic regression with adjustments to demographics, social history, and medical history. We confirmed the identified complications with UK Biobank data which contain 443 PE cases and 14,870 non-PE controls. We then conducted a survival analysis on complications that exhibited significance in more than 5 consecutive years post-PE. We further examined the potential racial disparities of identified complications between Caucasian and African American patients. FINDINGS: Uncomplicated hypertension, complicated diabetes, congestive heart failure, renal failure, and obesity exhibited significantly increased risks whereas hypothyroidism showed decreased risks, in 5 consecutive years after PE in the UM discovery data. UK Biobank data confirmed the increased risks of uncomplicated hypertension, complicated diabetes, congestive heart failure, renal failure, and obesity. Further survival analysis using UM data indicated significantly increased risks in uncomplicated hypertension, complicated diabetes, congestive heart failure, renal failure, and obesity, and significantly decreased risks in hypothyroidism. There exist racial differences in the risks of developing hypertension and hypothyroidism after PE. PE protects against hypothyroidism in African American postpartum women but not Cacausians; it also increases the risks of uncomplicated hypertension but less severely in African American postpartum women as compared to Cacausians. INTERPRETATION: This study addresses the lack of a comprehensive examination of PE's long-term effects utilizing large-scale EHR and advanced statistical methods. Our findings underscore the need for long-term monitoring and interventions for women with a history of PE, emphasizing the importance of personalized postpartum care. Notably, the racial disparities observed in the impact of PE on hypertension and hypothyroidism highlight the necessity of tailored aftercare based on race.
Combined hormonal contraception use in reproductive-age women with contraindications to estrogen use.; BACKGROUND: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's US Medical Eligibility Criteria for Contraceptive Use recommends that combined hormonal contraceptives (ie, birth control pills, contraceptive patch, vaginal ring) should be avoided in women with specific medical conditions because of the increased risk of cardiovascular events associated with estrogen use. Whether women with category 3 (theoretical or proven risk usually outweigh the advantages) or category 4 (unacceptable health risk) contraindications are appropriately avoiding estrogen-containing combined hormonal contraceptives is unknown. OBJECTIVE: We describe the prevalence of combined hormonal contraceptive use among a sample of reproductive-age women with medical contraindications to estrogen use. Our hypothesis was that women with categories 3 and 4 contraindications would use estrogen-containing contraception less often than women without medical contraindications. We also explored whether inappropriate estrogen-containing contraceptive use is related to contraceptive provider characteristics. STUDY DESIGN: Data are from the baseline survey of the MyNewOptions study, which included privately insured women residing in Pennsylvania aged 18-40 years, who were sexually active and not intending pregnancy in the next year. Women were surveyed about their medical conditions, contraceptive use, and characteristics of their contraceptive provider. Women were considered to have a contraindication to combined hormonal contraceptives if they reported a category 3 or category 4 contraindication: hypertension, smokers older than age 35 years, a history of venous thromboembolism, diabetes with complications, coronary artery disease, systemic lupus erythematosus with antiphospholipid antibodies, breast cancer, or migraine headaches with aura. χ(2) tests for general association were used to compare combined hormonal contraceptives use, contraceptive health provider characteristics, and sociodemographic data in women with and without contraindications to estrogen use. RESULTS: The MyNewOptions baseline study sample included 987 adult women who were mostly young (46% were 18-25 years), white (94%), employed (70%), and married or cohabiting (54%). Thirteen percent (n = 130) of the sample had a medical contraindication to estrogen-containing contraceptive use: migraine with aura (81%) was the most common contraindication, followed by smokers older than age 35 years (7%), hypertension (11%), history of venous thromboembolism (4%), and diabetes with complications (2%). High use of combined hormonal contraceptives was reported among the women with medical contraindications to estrogen at 39% (n = 51). This was not statistically different from women without a medical contraindication (47%, P = .1). Among the 130 women with a contraindication, whether they did or did not use an estrogen-containing contraceptive did not vary by education level, income, or weight category. With respect to their contraceptive prescribers, there were no differences in prescriber specialty, provider type, or clinic type comparing women using and not using an estrogen-containing contraceptive. CONCLUSION: Among this study sample of reproductive-age women, there was a high rate of combined hormonal contraceptive use in women with a medical contraindication to estrogen use. These women may be at an increased risk for cardiovascular events. Processes need to be improved to ensure that women with medical contraindications to estrogen-containing contraception are being offered the safest and most effective methods, including long-acting reversible contraceptives, such as intrauterine devices and the contraceptive implant.
Maternal diabetes and incidence of childhood cancer - a nationwide cohort study and exploratory genetic analysis.; BACKGROUND: The etiology of childhood cancer is not well understood, but may be linked to prenatal and perinatal factors, such as maternal diabetes. However, this association has not been examined in depth. We aimed to determine if maternal diabetes is associated with risk of childhood brain tumor (CBT), leukemia (all types combined and acute lymphoblastic leukemia [ALL] separately), and lymphoma. METHODS: All children born in Sweden between 1973 and 2014 (n=4,239,965) were followed from birth until first cancer diagnosis, age 15 years, or December 31, 2015. Data on maternal diabetes, childhood cancer, and covariates were obtained from nationwide health registers. Incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using Cox regression adjusted for potential confounders/mediators. Additionally, we performed an exploratory analysis using results from published genome-wide association studies and functional annotation. RESULTS: Maternal diabetes was associated with lower risk of CBT (adjusted IRR [95% CI]: 0.56 [0.35-0.91]) and higher risk of leukemia (adjusted IRR: 1.47 [1.13-1.92] for all leukemia combined and 1.64 [1.23-2.18] for ALL). These associations were similar for both maternal type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. Associations of five previously identified genetic loci were compatible with a causal effect of diabetes traits on neuroblastoma and common Hodgkin's lymphoma. CONCLUSION: Children whose mother had diabetes had lower risk of CBT and higher risk of leukemia, compared with children whose mother did not have diabetes. Our results are compatible with a role of prenatal and perinatal glycemic environment in childhood cancer etiology.
Size at birth, weight gain in infancy and childhood, and adult diabetes risk in five low- or middle-income country birth cohorts.; OBJECTIVE: We examined associations of birth weight and weight gain in infancy and early childhood with type 2 diabetes (DM) risk in five cohorts from low- and middle-income countries. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Participants were 6,511 young adults from Brazil, Guatemala, India, the Philippines, and South Africa. Exposures were weight at birth, at 24 and 48 months, and adult weight, and conditional weight gain (CWG, deviation from expected weight gain) between these ages. Outcomes were adult fasting glucose, impaired fasting glucose or DM (IFG/DM), and insulin resistance homeostasis model assessment (IR-HOMA, three cohorts). RESULTS: Birth weight was inversely associated with adult glucose and risk of IFG/DM (odds ratio 0.91[95% CI 0.84-0.99] per SD). Weight at 24 and 48 months and CWG 0-24 and 24-48 months were unrelated to glucose and IFG/DM; however, CWG 48 months-adulthood was positively related to IFG/DM (1.32 [1.22-1.43] per SD). After adjusting for adult waist circumference, birth weight, weight at 24 and 48 months and CWG 0-24 months were inversely associated with glucose and IFG/DM. Birth weight was unrelated to IR-HOMA, whereas greater CWG at 0-24 and 24-48 months and 48 months-adulthood predicted higher IR-HOMA (all P < 0.001). After adjusting for adult waist circumference, birth weight was inversely related to IR-HOMA. CONCLUSIONS: Lower birth weight and accelerated weight gain after 48 months are risk factors for adult glucose intolerance. Accelerated weight gain between 0 and 24 months did not predict glucose intolerance but did predict higher insulin resistance.
The Role of Physical Activity in Preconception, Pregnancy and Postpartum Health.; The rise in obesity and associated morbidity is currently one of our greatest public health challenges. Women represent a high risk group for weight gain with associated metabolic, cardiovascular, reproductive and psychological health impacts. Regular physical activity is fundamental for health and well-being with protective benefits across the spectrum of women's health. Preconception, pregnancy and the early postpartum period represent opportune windows to engage women in regular physical activity to optimize health and prevent weight gain with added potential to transfer behavior change more broadly to children and families. This review summarizes the current evidence for the role of physical activity for women in relation to preconception (infertility, assisted reproductive therapy, polycystic ovary syndrome, weight gain prevention and psychological well-being) pregnancy (prevention of excess gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia as well as labor and neonatal outcomes) and postpartum (lactation and breastfeeding, postpartum weight retention and depression) health. Beneficial outcomes validate the importance of regular physical activity, yet key methodological gaps highlight the need for large, high-quality studies to clarify the optimal type, frequency, duration and intensity of physical activity required for beneficial health outcomes during preconception, pregnancy and postpartum.
Fertility Treatments in Women Who Become Pregnant and Carried to Viability, and the Risk for Long-Term Maternal Cardiovascular Morbidity.; Objective The objective of this study was to investigate whether patients who undergo fertility treatments (ovulation induction or in vitro fertilization) have an increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular morbidity. Design A population-based study compared the incidence of long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a cohort of women with and without a previous exposure to fertility treatments. Deliveries occurred during a 25-year period, with a mean follow-up of 11.7 years. Women with known cardiovascular disease and congenital cardiovascular malformations diagnosed before the index pregnancy and multiple pregnancies were excluded. Results During the study period, 99,291 patients met the inclusion criteria; 4.1% (n = 4,153) occurred in patients with exposure to fertility treatments. Patients with exposure to fertility treatments did not have higher rates of cardiovascular morbidity. Using a Kaplan-Meier survival curve, patients with an exposure to fertility treatments had no higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. Using a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for confounders such as preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, and obesity, exposure to fertility treatments remained unassociated with cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted hazard ratio = 1.1; 95% confidence interval, 0.9-1.3; p = 0.441). Conclusion In our population, during a mean follow-up period of 11.7, results showed no increased risk for cardiovascular morbidity in women undergoing fertility treatments.
Vitamin D and risk of preeclampsia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Human vitamin D levels have been increasingly related to a wide range of clinical outcomes. There is a large amount of reports on its associations, especially with obstetric complications, including preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. These results are scarcely consistent and there is still a lack of quality intervention studies to confirm the role of vitamin D in those outcomes. Objective: To review the available scientific evidence on the role of maternal vitamin D in the development of preeclampsia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The methodology used followed the recommendations of the Cochrane guide for the preparation of systematic reviews, and for metaanalysis, the Guide of the Metaanalysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology group (MOOSE). The search included both observational studies and controlled clinical trials. RESULTS: Low vitamin D levels, measured by the 25-hydroxyvitamin D test, are common in pregnancy. The results of this systematic review and metaanalysis suggest an inverse ratio between vitamin D levels and the development of preeclampsia. There was heterogeneity among the studies with regard to the design, population, geographic location, definitions of exposure, and the outcome. We excluded randomized controlled trials from this meta-analysis. CONCLUSION: The inverse association we found suggests that the higher the levels of vitamin D the lesser the probability of developing preeclampsia, in spite of the heterogeneity of the global measurement in this type of analysis.
Predicting later-life outcomes of early-life exposures.; BACKGROUND: In utero exposure of the fetus to a stressor can lead to disease in later life. Epigenetic mechanisms are likely mediators of later-life expression of early-life events. OBJECTIVES: We examined the current state of understanding of later-life diseases resulting from early-life exposures in order to identify in utero and postnatal indicators of later-life diseases, develop an agenda for future research, and consider the risk assessment implications of this emerging knowledge. METHODS: This review was developed based on our participation in a National Research Council workshop titled "Use of in Utero and Postnatal Indicators to Predict Health Outcomes Later in Life: State of the Science and Research Recommendations." We used a case study approach to highlight the later-life consequences of early-life malnutrition and arsenic exposure. DISCUSSION: The environmental sensitivity of the epigenome is viewed as an adaptive mechanism by which the developing organism adjusts its metabolic and homeostatic systems to suit the anticipated extrauterine environment. Inappropriate adaptation may produce a mismatch resulting in subsequent increased susceptibility to disease. A nutritional mismatch between the prenatal and postnatal environments, or early-life obesogen exposure, may explain at least some of the recent rapid increases in the rates of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. Early-life arsenic exposure is also associated with later-life diseases, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. CONCLUSIONS: With mounting evidence connecting early-life exposures and later-life disease, new strategies are needed to incorporate this emerging knowledge into health protective practices.
Sex-specific effects of maternal dietary carbohydrate quality on fetal development and offspring metabolic phenotype in mice.; OBJECTIVES: In utero glycemia is an important determinant of fetal growth. Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to deliver large-for-gestational age babies that are at increased risk for obesity. The maternal nutritional state modulates the development of offspring biological systems during the critical periods of gestation and lactation. Carbohydrate typically contributes most of the dietary energy, however, there are very few mechanistic studies investigating the effects of maternal dietary carbohydrate quality on fetal and offspring outcomes. Therefore, we sought to investigate the direct effects of maternal carbohydrate quality on sex-specific offspring metabolic programming. METHODS: Female C57BL/6 mice were fed one of five isocaloric diets: four high-sugar diets based on glucose, sucrose, isomaltulose or fructose (all containing 60% energy as carbohydrate), or a standard, minimally processed, chow diet, and were mated with chow-fed males. Half of the dams were sacrificed for fetus dissection and placental collection, with the remaining giving live birth. All dams were metabolically profiled before and during pregnancy, and pups were similarly profiled at 12 weeks of age. RESULTS: Overall, glucose-fed dams were heavier and fatter than chow or isomaltulose-fed dams. Female fetuses from glucose and isomaltulose-fed mothers weighed less and had smaller livers, than those from chow-fed mothers, with isomaltulose-fed female fetuses also having decreased placental mass. In contrast, male fetuses responded differently to the maternal diets, with heart mass being significantly increased when their mothers were fed fructose-containing diets, that is, sucrose, isomaltulose and fructose. High-sugar fed female offspring weighed the same, but were significantly fatter, than chow-fed offspring at 12 weeks of age, while glucose and isomaltulose-fed male pups displayed a similar phenotype to their mothers'. CONCLUSION: While both glucose and isomaltulose diets constrained fetal growth in females, only placentas from isomaltulose-fed dams were significantly smaller than those from chow-fed mothers, suggesting the mechanisms through which fetal growth is reduced may be different. Female fetuses of isomaltulose-fed mothers were also lighter than sucrose-fed fetuses suggesting the glycemic index, or rate of glucose digestion and absorption, may be an important factor in determining nutrient availability to the growing fetus.
Expanded health data from the new birth certificate, 2004.; OBJECTIVES: This is the first report to present maternal and infant health information exclusive to the 2003 revision of the U.S. Standard Certificate of Live Birth. Information is shown for the items: Risk factors in this pregnancy, Obstetric procedures, Characteristics of labor and delivery, Method of delivery, Abnormal conditions of the newborn, and Congenital anomalies of the newborn. These items are included on both the 1989 and the 2003 U.S. Standard Certificate of Live Birth; however, many of the specific checkboxes were modified, or are new to the 2003 certificate. The new checkboxes are the focus of this report. METHODS: Descriptive tabulations are presented on births occurring in 2004 to residents of the seven states (Idaho, Kentucky, New York (excluding New York City), Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Washington), which implemented the 2003 U.S. Standard Certificate of Live Birth as of January 1, 2004. RESULTS: There were 571,858 births to residents of the seven-state area in 2004 (14 percent of all U.S. births). Gestational and prepregnancy diabetes were reported at rates of 44.0 and 7.2 per 1,000; levels for both types of diabetes increased steadily with maternal age. One percent (1.4) of births were reported to have resulted from infertility therapies; nearly all (90 percent) of the infertility therapy-related births were to non-Hispanic white mothers. More than one-half of all attempts at external cephalic version successfully converted the infant to vertex position. Steroids for fetal lung maturation were administered prior to delivery to 13 of every 1,000 newborns and were inversely associated with gestational age. More than two-thirds of all women received epidurals to help control the pain of labor. A trial of labor was reportedly attempted for 36 percent of all women who then had a cesarean delivery. Six percent of singletons, one-third of all twins, and more than three-fourths of triplets were admitted to a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) at delivery (Figure 1). The most frequently reported congenital anomalies were cyanotic heart disease (81 per 100,000 infants) and hypospadias (174 per 100,000 male births).
Weight at birth and infancy in relation to adult leukocyte count: a population-based study of 5619 men and women followed from the fetal period to adulthood.; CONTEXT: Impaired fetal growth is associated with increased risk for coronary heart disease and diabetes in adulthood, but the underlying mechanism is unclear. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to examine the relation between early growth (weight at birth and first year) and adult total leukocyte count, the primary cell effectors of inflammation. DESIGN: This was a birth cohort study (Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1966) with participants prospectively and longitudinally followed up from birth to age 31 yr. SETTING: This was a general population-based cohort in Finland. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 5619 offspring of expectant mothers who attended a clinical examination and blood draw at 31-yr follow-up (4486 with complete data on weight at 1 yr) participated in the study. MAIN EXPOSURE VARIABLES: Weight at birth and at 1 year. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Absolute leukocyte count was measured. RESULTS: Total leukocyte count was lower at higher birth weight categories with or without adjustments for adult systolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, fasting insulin, body mass index, cigarette smoking, sex, gestational age, and other life course factors. The covariate-adjusted regression coefficient for log-transformed total leukocyte count (x 10(9) cells/liter) per 1 SD (525 g) increase in birth weight was -0.012 (95% confidence interval -0.021 to -0.004). The association persisted, even when limiting our analyses among healthy and nonsmoking individuals, and the inversely linear relation was steepest among those with lower weight attained at 1 yr (P for interaction = 0.027). CONCLUSION: Poorer growth in early life was associated with systemic low-grade inflammation in adulthood. This relation suggests a plausible inflammatory mechanism linking early growth impairment with risk of coronary heart disease and diabetes later in life.
Environmental Exposure during Pregnancy: Influence on Prenatal Development and Early Life: A Comprehensive Review.; Preconception and prenatal exposure to environmental contaminants may affect future health. Pregnancy and early life are critical sensitive windows of susceptibility. The aim of this review was to summarize current evidence on the toxic effects of environment exposure during pregnancy, the neonatal period, and childhood. Alcohol use is related to foetal alcohol spectrum disorders, foetal alcohol syndrome being its most extreme form. Smoking is associated with placental abnormalities, preterm birth, stillbirth, or impaired growth and development, as well as with intellectual impairment, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases later in life. Negative birth outcomes have been linked to the use of drugs of abuse. Pregnant and lactating women are exposed to endocrine-disrupting chemicals and heavy metals present in foodstuffs, which may alter hormones in the body. Prenatal exposure to these compounds has been associated with pre-eclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth, and thyroid function. Metals can accumulate in the placenta, causing foetal growth restriction. Evidence on the effects of air pollutants on pregnancy is constantly growing, for example, preterm birth, foetal growth restriction, increased uterine vascular resistance, impaired placental vascularization, increased gestational diabetes, and reduced telomere length. The advantages of breastfeeding outweigh any risks from contaminants. However, it is important to assess health outcomes of toxic exposures via breastfeeding. Initial studies suggest an association between pre-eclampsia and environmental noise, particularly with early-onset pre-eclampsia. There is rising evidence of the negative effects of environmental contaminants following exposure during pregnancy and breastfeeding, which should be considered a major public health issue.
Dietary patterns and the risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in the Danish National Birth Cohort: a prospective longitudinal study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between mid-pregnancy dietary patterns and pregnancy-associated hypertension (PAH). DESIGN: A prospective longitudinal cohort study. SETTING: Denmark. POPULATION: About 55 139 Danish women with single enrolments and recorded food frequency questionnaire dates with complete information on dietary intake. METHODS: Women were eligible if they could speak Danish and were planning to carry to term. Diet was assessed using a validated semi-quantitative 360-item food frequency questionnaire and dietary patterns were derived using factor analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Gestational hypertension (GH) and pre-eclampsia (PE). RESULTS: Disease prevalence was 14% for GH (5491/39 362); 2% for PE (1168/54 778), and 0.4% for severe PE (234/55 086). Seven dietary patterns were characterised in the population, of which two were associated with PAH. The Seafood diet characterised by high consumption of fish and vegetables was inversely associated with the odds of developing GH [odds ratio (OR) 0.86; 95% CI 0.77-0.95)] and PE (OR 0.79; 95% CI 0.65-0.97). The Western diet characterised by high consumption of potatoes (including French fries), mixed meat, margarine and white bread increased the odds of developing GH (OR 1.18; 95% CI 1.05-1.33) and PE (OR 1.40; 95% CI 1.11-1.76). No association was seen with severe PE. CONCLUSIONS: We found protective associations of Seafood diet and harmful associations of Western diet with PAH. Dietary interventions encouraging the reduction of Western diet may contribute to a decrease of PAH. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Western diet increases (Seafood diet decreases) the likelihood of developing pre-eclampsia among Danish pregnant women.
Perinatal exposure to tributyltin affects feeding behavior and expression of hypothalamic neuropeptide Y in the paraventricular nucleus of adult mice.; Organotins such as tributyltin chloride (TBT), are highly diffused environmental pollutants, which act as metabolism disrupting chemicals, i.e. may interfere with fat tissue differentiation, as well as with neuroendocrine circuits, thus impairing the control of energetic balance. We have previously demonstrated that adult exposure to TBT altered the expression of neuropeptides in the hypothalamus. In this study, we orally administered daily a solution containing oil, or TBT (0.25, 2.5, or 25 μg/kg body weight/day) to pregnant females from gestational day 8 until birth, and to their pups from day 0 until post-natal day 21. Our results showed that TBT exposure of female mice during gestation and of pups during lactation permanently altered the feeding efficiency of pups of both sexes and subcutaneous fat distribution in adult males. In addition, the neuropeptide Y system was affected at the level of the paraventricular nucleus, with a decrease in immunoreactivity in both sexes (significant in females for all TBT doses and in males only for intermediate TBT doses), while no effect was observed in other hypothalamic areas (arcuate, ventromedial and dorsomedial nuclei). Metabolic syndrome, as well as obesity and diabetes, which are significant health issues, are considered multifactorial diseases and may be caused by exposure to metabolic disruptors, both in adults and during perinatal life. In addition, our work indicates that TBT doses defined as the tolerably daily intake had a profound and sex-specific long-term effect.
Cortical evoked potentials in children of diabetic mothers.; Type 1 diabetic mothers' infants show a delay of visual evoked potential (VEP) significantly related to some parameters of poor metabolic control during pregnancy. In the present paper we analyzed the characteristics of VEPs and somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs) recorded in 16 three-year-old type 1 diabetic mothers' children (DMC). Compared with controls (23 nondiabetic mothers' healthy matched children), DMC showed significantly delayed mean latency of VEP (P2) and SEP (P22). In 3 cases (19%), we found pathological responses (+3 SD from the mean value of controls) of VEPs and SEPs. At the age of 3 years, the offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers showed delay of cortical evoked responses in both visual and somatosensory systems.
Association of chorioamnionitis and its duration with adverse maternal outcomes by mode of delivery: a cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association of chorioamnionitis and its duration with adverse maternal outcomes by mode of delivery. DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Data from the Consortium on Safe Labor Study in the USA (2002-2008). POPULATION: Singleton deliveries at ≥23 weeks of gestation (221 274 assessed deliveries, 62 331 by caesarean section). METHODS: The association of chorioamnionitis, and secondarily the duration of chorioamnionitis estimated from intrapartum antibiotic use, with adverse maternal outcomes was analysed using logistic regression with generalised estimating equations, adjusting for age, parity, race, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, gestational age at delivery, study site and delivery year. Analyses were stratified by vaginal versus caesarean delivery. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The composite adverse maternal outcome included: postpartum transfusion, endometritis, wound/perineal infection/separation, venous thromboembolism, hysterectomy, admission to intensive care unit and/or death. RESULTS: Chorioamnionitis was associated with higher odds of the composite adverse maternal outcome with caesarean delivery (adjusted odds ratio 2.31; 95% CI 1.97-2.71); and the association persisted regardless of whether a woman had a trial of labour, preterm delivery or maternal group B streptococcus colonisation. The most common adverse outcomes after caesarean section were postpartum transfusion (56.0%) and wound/perineal infection or endometritis (38.6%). Chorioamnionitis was not associated with adverse maternal outcomes after vaginal delivery. The duration of chorioamnionitis as the exposure did not alter the association between chorioamnionitis and adverse maternal outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Chorioamnionitis, but not the estimated duration, was associated with increased odds of adverse maternal outcomes with caesarean delivery. This finding has implications for care programmes to prevent maternal morbidity after a caesarean section complicated by chorioamnionitis. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: Chorioamnionitis, but not its duration, increases the risk of adverse maternal outcomes with caesarean delivery.
Effects of Exercise During Pregnancy on Maternal Heart Rate and Heart Rate Variability.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy is associated with an increased sympathetic state, which can be exacerbated by gestational conditions. Research has shown that exercise during pregnancy lowers heart rate (HR) and can attenuate the symptoms of gestational conditions associated with increased sympathetic control. However, changes in maternal heart autonomic function in response to exercise have not been reported across multiple time points during pregnancy. This analysis is designed to address this gap. OBJECTIVE: To determine if exercise throughout gestation improves maternal cardiac autonomic nervous system functioning, as evidenced by decreased HR and increased heart rate variability (HRV) indices. DESIGN: Case control study. SETTING: Academic medical institution. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 56 women with healthy, singleton, low-risk pregnancies. METHODS: Participants were asked to complete 3 resting 18-minute HRV recordings at 28, 32, and 36 weeks' gestation, along with a physical activity questionnaire. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: HRV indices were calculated for time (R peak to R peak interval standard deviation and root mean squared of successive differences) and frequency (very low, low, and high frequency) domain measures. The differences between groups were compared for HRV indices at 28, 32, and 36 weeks. RESULTS: Resting HR was significantly lower in the exercise group at 28 weeks (P < .01) compared with the control group. The exercise group had significantly (P < .05) increased measures of resting HRV time domain measures at 28, 32, and 36 weeks' gestation compared with the control group. Resting HRV power was significantly increased (P < .05) in all frequency domain measures at 32 weeks in the exercise group relative to the control group. No differences occurred in sympathovagal balance (low frequency/high frequency ratio) between groups. CONCLUSION: Exercise throughout pregnancy can significantly improve cardiac autonomic control. More research is needed to determine if this adaptation to exercise may reduce the risk of adverse outcomes associated with gestational conditions with poor autonomic control, such as diabetes, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and excessive weight gain.
Maternal undernutrition during late gestation-induced intrauterine growth restriction in the rat is associated with impaired placental GLUT3 expression, but does not correlate with endogenous corticosterone levels.; Fetal intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a frequently occurring and serious complication of pregnancy. Infants exposed to IUGR are at risk for numerous perinatal morbidities, including hypoglycemia in the neonatal period, as well as increased risk of later physical and/or mental impairments, cardiovascular disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Fetal growth restriction most often results from uteroplacental dysfunction during the later stage of pregnancy. As glucose, which is the most abundant nutrient crossing the placenta, fulfills a large portion of the fetal energy requirements during gestational development, and since impaired placental glucose transport is thought to result in growth restriction, we investigated the effects of maternal 50% food restriction (FR50) during the last week of gestation on rat placental expression of glucose transporters, GLUT1, GLUT3 and GLUT4, and on plasma glucose content in both maternal and fetal compartments. Moreover, as maternal FR50 induces fetal overexposure to glucocorticoids and since these hormones are potent regulators of placental glucose transporter expression, we investigated whether putative alterations in placental GLUT expression correlate with changes in maternal and/or fetal corticosterone levels. At term (day 21 of pregnancy), plasma glucose content was significantly reduced (P<0.05) in mothers subjected to FR50, but was not affected in fetuses. Food restriction reduced maternal body weight (P<0.001) but did not affect placental weight. Plasma corticosterone concentration, at term, was increased (P<0.05) in FR50 mothers. Fetuses from FR50 mothers showed reduced body weight (P<0.001) but higher plasma corticosterone levels (P<0.05). Adrenalectomy (ADX) followed by corticosterone supplementation of the mother prevented the FR50-induced rise in maternal plasma corticosterone at term. Food restriction performed on either sham-ADX or ADX mothers induced a similar reduction in the body weight of the pups at term (P<0.01). Moreover, plasma corticosterone levels were increased in pups from sham-ADX FR50 mothers (P<0.01) and in pups from ADX control mothers (P<0.01). Western blot analysis of placental GLUT proteins showed that maternal FR50 decreased placental GLUT3 protein levels in all experimental groups at term (P<0.05 and P<0.01), but did not affect either GLUT1 or GLUT4 protein levels. Northern blot analysis of placental GLUT expression showed that both GLUT1 and GLUT3 mRNA were not affected by the maternal feeding regimen or surgery. We concluded that prolonged maternal malnutrition during late gestation decreases maternal plasma glucose content and placental GLUT3 glucose transporter expression, but does not obviously affect fetal plasma glucose concentration. Moreover, the present results are not compatible with a role of maternal corticosterone in the development of growth-restricted rat fetuses.
Epidemiology, diagnosis, and management of polycystic ovary syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common heterogeneous endocrine disorder characterized by irregular menses, hyperandrogenism, and polycystic ovaries. The prevalence of PCOS varies depending on which criteria are used to make the diagnosis, but is as high as 15%-20% when the European Society for Human Reproduction and Embryology/American Society for Reproductive Medicine criteria are used. Clinical manifestations include oligomenorrhea or amenorrhea, hirsutism, and frequently infertility. Risk factors for PCOS in adults includes type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, and gestational diabetes. Insulin resistance affects 50%-70% of women with PCOS leading to a number of comorbidities including metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and diabetes. Studies show that women with PCOS are more likely to have increased coronary artery calcium scores and increased carotid intima-media thickness. Mental health disorders including depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and binge eating disorder also occur more frequently in women with PCOS. Weight loss improves menstrual irregularities, symptoms of androgen excess, and infertility. Management of clinical manifestations of PCOS includes oral contraceptives for menstrual irregularities and hirsutism. Spironolactone and finasteride are used to treat symptoms of androgen excess. Treatment options for infertility include clomiphene, laparoscopic ovarian drilling, gonadotropins, and assisted reproductive technology. Recent data suggest that letrozole and metformin may play an important role in ovulation induction. Proper diagnosis and management of PCOS is essential to address patient concerns but also to prevent future metabolic, endocrine, psychiatric, and cardiovascular complications.
Single umbilical artery. A report of 159 cases.; We retrospectively reviewed the records of 56,919 infants born from 1966 through 1986 to determine the incidence, significance, and possible associations of single umbilical artery (SUA). One hundred fifty-nine infants were affected. The sex distribution was approximately equal. Fourteen infants (8.8%) were twins who were discordant for SUA. The smallest twin was the one affected in all but two cases. Of the 159 infants, 16 were stillborn and 19 died neonatally. The mean birth weight of all infants with SUA was 2.47 kg, and the mean gestational age was 35.9 weeks. Young primipara and older multipara mothers were more commonly affected. There was an increased incidence of SUA associated with maternal diabetes, epilepsy, toxemia, antepartum hemorrhage, hydramnios, and oligohydramnios. Twenty-six (16.4%) of the associated placentas had anomalies. Seventy-one infants (44.7%) had other congenital malformations. The presence of these malformations was associated with increased mortality. Screening for renal anomalies with ultrasonography or intravenous pyelography was performed in 27 patients and yielded positive results in five (18.5%). We recommend that renal ultrasonography be performed on all infants with SUA.
Equilibrative nucleoside transporter 2 is expressed in human umbilical vein endothelium, but is not involved in the inhibition of adenosine transport induced by hyperglycaemia.; Human equilibrative, Na(+)-independent nucleoside transport is mediated by membrane proteins sensitive (system es, hENT1) or insensitive (system ei, hENT2) to nitrobenzylthioinosine (NBMPR). Gestational diabetes and elevated extracellular concentrations of D-glucose reduce adenosine transport in human umbilical vein endothelium (HUVEC). We studied hENT2 and hENT1 expression in HUVEC, and the effect of D-glucose on their activity and expression in HUVEC preincubated with 25 mM D-glucose (24 h). hENT2 and hENT1 mRNA were quantified by real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction, and their proteins were detected by Western blotting. hENT2 and hENT1 proteins are co-expressed in HUVEC and are located at the plasma membrane, however, hENT2 was mainly cytoplasmatic and perinuclear in location. D-Glucose reduced hENT1 and hENT2 mRNA expression, but only hENT1 protein abundance at the plasma membrane. Adenosine transport was inhibited by D-glucose and NMBPR (1 microM) in intact cells and membrane vesicles. Hypoxanthine inhibited adenosine transport in the absence or in the presence of 1 microM NBMPR. D-Glucose reduced NBMPR maximal binding in intact cells, membrane vesicles, and plasma membrane fractions. In conclusion, the present study demonstrates that hENT2 and hENT1 are co-expressed in HUVEC, and even when adenosine transport is also mediated by hENT2, the hENT2-mediated transport activity is not involved in the d-glucose-induced down-regulation of total adenosine transport.
Association of pregnancy complications/risk factors with the development of future long-term health conditions in women: overarching protocol for umbrella reviews.; INTRODUCTION: With good medical care, most pregnancy complications like pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, etc resolve after childbirth. However, pregnancy complications are known to be associated with an increased risk of new long-term health conditions for women later in life, such as cardiovascular disease. These umbrella reviews aim to summarise systematic reviews evaluating the association between pregnancy complications and five groups of long-term health conditions: autoimmune conditions, cancers, functional disorders, mental health conditions and metabolic health conditions (diabetes and hypertension). METHODS AND ANALYSIS: We will conduct searches in Medline, Embase and the Cochrane database of systematic reviews without any language restrictions. We will include systematic reviews with or without meta-analyses that studied the association between pregnancy complications and the future risk of the five groups of long-term health conditions in women. Pregnancy complications were identified from existing core outcome sets for pregnancy and after consultation with experts. Two reviewers will independently screen the articles. Data will be synthesised with both narrative and quantitative methods. Where a meta-analysis has been carried out, we will report the combined effect size from individual studies. For binary data, pooled ORs with 95% CIs will be presented. For continuous data, we will use the mean difference with 95% CIs. The findings will be presented in forest plots to assess heterogeneity. The methodological quality of the studies will be evaluated with the AMSTAR 2 tool or the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The corrected covered area method will be used to assess the impact of overlap in reviews. The findings will be used to inform the design of prediction models, which will predict the risk of women developing these five group of health conditions following a pregnancy complication. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: No ethical approvals required. Findings will be disseminated through publications in peer-reviewed journals and conference presentations.
Adult outcomes of being born late preterm or early term - What do we know?; The literature on adult outcomes of people born late preterm (LPT, 34-36 completed weeks) or early term (ET, 37-38 weeks) was reviewed. In PubMed, 9547 articles were identified; 53 were eligible. Of these, 12 were based on clinical cohorts, 32 on medical birth register linkages, and nine on historical birth cohorts; 48 out of 53 on Nordic countries; 50 out of 53 reported on LPT and eight out of 53 reported on ET. LPT plus ET have increased early (<45 years) adult all-cause mortality. Despite increased cardiometabolic risk factors and slightly lower cardiorespiratory fitness in LPT, no studies showed increased risk for coronary heart disease, some showed increased risk for stroke, and all showed increased risk for type 2 diabetes. Most show increased risk for asthma and decreased allergic rhinitis. LPT have slightly lower cognitive abilities and higher rates of several mental disorders; ET have intermediate values. LPT and ET adults have slightly lower education, occupational status, and income. We recommend that authors report findings of LPT/ET separately from those born more preterm.
Overnutrition in the early postnatal period influences lifetime metabolic risk: Evidence for impact on pancreatic β-cell mass and function.; Overconsumption of energy-rich foods that disrupt caloric balance is a fundamental cause of overweight, obesity and diabetes. Dysglycemia and the resulting cardiovascular disease cause substantial morbidity and mortality worldwide, as well as high societal cost. The prevalence of obesity in childhood and adolescence is increasing, leading to younger diabetes diagnosis, and higher severity of microvascular and macrovascular complications. An important goal is to identify early life conditions that increase future metabolic risk, toward the goal of preventing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. An ample body of evidence implicates prenatal and postnatal childhood growth trajectories in the programming of adult metabolic disease. Human epidemiological data show that accelerated childhood growth increases risk of type 2 diabetes in adulthood. Type 2 diabetes results from the combination of insulin resistance and pancreatic β-cell failure, but specific mechanisms by which accelerated postnatal growth impact one or both of these processes remain uncertain. This review explores the metabolic impact of overnutrition during postnatal life in humans and in rodent models, with specific attention to the connection between accelerated childhood growth and future adiposity, insulin resistance, β-cell mass and β-cell dysfunction. With improved knowledge in this area, we might one day be able to modulate nutrition and growth in the critical postnatal window to maximize lifelong metabolic health.
The history and medical consequences of rubella.; In 1814, George Maton, first recognized that a mild illness characterized by rash, adenopathy, and little or no fever was a discrete entity. Henry Veale, in 1866, named the disease rubella. The illness attracted little attention until 1942, when Norman Gregg noticed that first-trimester maternal rubella caused serious birth defects. The full spectrum and impact of rubella embryopathy remained unclarified until rubella virus was isolated in tissue culture in 1962 by two independent groups: Parkman, Buescher, and Artenstein; and Neva and Weller. Using the new tools of the virus laboratory, many investigators concentrated on the consequences of a severe rubella epidemic in 1964, which affected approximately 1% of pregnancies. Newly recognized transient manifestations of congenital rubella infection (CRI) include neonatal thrombocytopenic purpura, hepatitis, bone lesions, and meningoencephalitis and late-emerging sequelae such as diabetes mellitus and progressive rubella panencephalitis added to the cataract, heart disease, mental retardation, and deafness previously defined as due to CRI. Sharp contrasts were documented between the patterns of virus excretion and immune response of postnatal vs. congenital rubella. Licensure and widespread distribution of attenuated rubella virus vaccines in 1969 have prevented epidemic rubella. Pockets of illness remain, even in the United States. Continued effort will be required to eliminate the rubella problem.
Inadequate vitamin D status: does it contribute to the disorders comprising syndrome 'X'?; Environmental factors are important in the aetiology of glucose intolerance, type II diabetes and IHD. The lack of vitamin D, which is necessary for adequate insulin secretion, relates demographically to increased risk of myocardial infarction. These disorders are connected, degenerative vascular disease increasing with glucose intolerance and diabetes and, with its risk factors, comprising syndrome 'X'. Evidence is presented suggesting that vitamin D deficiency may be an avoidable risk factor for syndrome 'X', adding another preventative measure to current recommendations which are aimed at reducing the worldwide epidemic of these disorders. Experimentally, vitamin D deficiency progressively reduces insulin secretion; glucose intolerance follows and becomes irreversible. Relationships between vitamin D status, glucose tolerance and 30 min insulin secretion during oral glucose tolerance tests are reported in British Asians; insulin secretion, but not glycaemia, improving with short-term supplementation. Studies showing reduction in blood pressure and in risk of heart attack and diabetes with exercise (usually outdoor), rarely consider the role of vitamin D status. Glycaemia and insulin secretion in elderly European men, however, relate to vitamin D status, independent of season or physical activity. Prolonged supplementation can improve glycaemia. Hypertension improves with vitamin D treatment with or without initial deficiency. Vitamin D status and climate are reviewed as risk factors for myocardial infarction; the risk reducing with altitude despite increasing cold. Glycaemia and fibrinogenaemia improve with insulin secretion increases in summer. Variation in vitamin D requirements could arise from genetic differences in vitamin D processing since bone density can vary with vitamin D-receptor genotype. Vitamin D receptors are present in islet beta cells and we report insulin secretion in healthy Asians differing profoundly with the Apa I genotype, being independent of vitamin D status. Those at risk of vitamin D deficiency include the elderly, those living indoors or having a covered-up style of dress, especially dark-skinned immigrants, and pregnant women, and these are groups recognized as being at increased risk of diabetes.
Adults Born Preterm–Long-Term Health Risks of Former Very Low Birth Weight Infants.; BACKGROUND: Advances in neonatology now enable increasing numbers of very low birth weight neonates (<1500 g) to survive into early adulthood and beyond. What are the implications for their long-term care? METHODS: Selective literature search on the outcome of very low birth weight neo - nates in adulthood ("adults born preterm"). RESULTS: Robust data are available on the pulmonary, metabolic, cardiovascular, renal, neurocognitive, sensory-visual, social-emotional, mental, reproductive, and musculoskeletal long-term risks. On the somatic level, elevated rates have been documented for asthma (odds Ratio [OR] 2.37), diabetes mellitus (OR 1.54), and chronic renal disease (hazard ratio [HR] 3.01), along with the cardiovascular and cerebrovascular sequelae of a tendency toward arterial hypertension. On the psychosocial level, the main findings are deficits in romantic partnerships (OR 0.72) and a lower reproduction rate (relative risk [RR] male/female 0.24/0.33). The affected women also have an elevated risk of preterm delivery. CONCLUSION: A risk profile with both somatic and psychosocial aspects can be discerned for adults who were born prematurely, even if some of these risks are present in low absolute numbers. As the ability to compensate for latent deficits declines with age, such adults may suffer from "premature aging as the late price of premature birth." A holistic approach to care with personalized prevention strategies- which for most of them was discontinued at discharge from pediatric followup- therefore seems appropriate in adulthood as well.
Hyponatremia associated coma due to pituitary apoplexy in early pregnancy: a case report.; Pituitary apoplexy in pregnancy is rare. Its clinical features may range from unspecific complaints to panhypopituitarism resulting even in coma and death. Therefore, alertness to signs and symptoms of acute loss of pituitary function in pregnancy is mandatory. We report a woman in her 7th week of her first gestation presenting with sudden coma due to severe hyponatremia. Secondary adrenal insufficiency could be identified as the underlying cause. Panhypopituitarism including central diabetes insipidus and spontaneous abortion developed during the follow-up. Magnetic resonance imaging showed pituitary apoplexy without a pre-existing pituitary mass. The clinical course was notable for severe complications, including neurological deficits through cerebral ischemia, but eventual recovery could be achieved. We discuss the diagnostic difficulties in the evaluation of pituitary disease in pregnancy.
Effect of Calcium Channel Blocker on Labor Curve in Pregnant Individuals with Chronic Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the labor progress between individuals who received calcium channel blocker (CCB) and those who did not receive CCB during labor. STUDY DESIGN: This was a secondary analysis of a retrospective cohort study of individuals with chronic hypertension who underwent vaginal delivery at a tertiary care center from January 2010 to December 2020. We excluded individuals with prior uterine surgeries and a 5-minute Apgar score of less than 5. We used a repeated-measures regression with a third-order polynomial function to compare the average labor curves according to antihypertensive medication. Estimates of the median (5th-95th percentile) traverse times between two dilations were computed using interval-censored regression. RESULTS: Of 285 individuals with chronic hypertension, 88 (30.9%) received CCB. Individuals who received CCB during labor compared with those who did not were more likely to deliver at earlier gestational age and to have pregestational diabetes and superimposed preeclampsia (p  < 0.01). The progress of labor in the latent phase was not found to be significantly different between both groups (median: 11.51 vs. 8.74 hours; p = 0.08). However, after stratification by parity, nulliparous individuals who received CCB during labor were more likely to have a longer latent phase of labor (median: 14.4 vs. 8.5 hours; p  = 0.03) CONCLUSION:  A calcium channel blocker may slow the latent phase of labor in individuals with chronic hypertension. Aiming to minimize intrapartum iatrogenic interventions, allowing adequate time for pregnant individuals during the latent phase of labor is especially important if individuals are on a calcium channel blocker. KEY POINTS: · Calcium channel blockers seem to be associated with a longer latent phase of labor.. · The effect of calcium channel blocker on labor was not observed in multiparous individuals.. · Allowing adequate labor time for individuals taking calcium channel blocker is important..
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and DNA Methylation in Newborns.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with low birth weight, shorter gestational age, and increased risk of maternal and offspring cardiovascular diseases later in life. The mechanisms involved are poorly understood, but epigenetic regulation of gene expression may play a part. We performed meta-analyses in the Pregnancy and Childhood Epigenetics Consortium to test the association between either maternal HDP (10 cohorts; n=5242 [cases=476]) or preeclampsia (3 cohorts; n=2219 [cases=135]) and epigenome-wide DNA methylation in cord blood using the Illumina HumanMethylation450 BeadChip. In models adjusted for confounders, and with Bonferroni correction, HDP and preeclampsia were associated with DNA methylation at 43 and 26 CpG sites, respectively. HDP was associated with higher methylation at 27 (63%) of the 43 sites, and across all 43 sites, the mean absolute difference in methylation was between 0.6% and 2.6%. Epigenome-wide associations of HDP with offspring DNA methylation were modestly consistent with the equivalent epigenome-wide associations of preeclampsia with offspring DNA methylation (R(2)=0.26). In longitudinal analyses conducted in 1 study (n=108 HDP cases; 550 controls), there were similar changes in DNA methylation in offspring of those with and without HDP up to adolescence. Pathway analysis suggested that genes located at/near HDP-associated sites may be involved in developmental, embryogenesis, or neurological pathways. HDP is associated with offspring DNA methylation with potential relevance to development.
A review of the safety of clozapine during pregnancy and lactation.; Clozapine is an antipsychotic used in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, little is known about clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation, or its impact on the mother, foetus, and infant. This review aims to summarize the available literature on the safety of clozapine use during the perinatal period. EMBASE, PsycINFO, and MEDLINE were searched from their inceptions through June 2016. The review encompasses 21 studies that have examined clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation. The limited available data do not support an increased risk of congenital malformations in foetuses exposed to clozapine during pregnancy, though rates of gestational diabetes are twice as high in pregnant women using clozapine. Clozapine accumulation in foetal serum possibly contributes to increased rates of floppy infant syndrome at delivery, decreased foetal heart rate variability, and seizures in infancy. Clozapine crosses the placenta and also accumulates in breast milk, which may increase the risk of agranulocytosis in infants and may necessitate infant testing. The majority of these data come from case reports and case series, making it unclear if the published risks associated with clozapine are due to mental illness, lifestyle factors, or co-treatment with other psychotropic medications. While the available literature on clozapine use during the perinatal period is very limited, the risks of clozapine use during pregnancy and the postpartum period should be discussed with women and weighed against those associated with other treatments and partially or untreated schizophrenia.
[Hyperhomocysteinemia and B-vitamin deficiency. Current clinical aspects].; Mild to moderate hyperhomocysteinemia has been recognized as an independent risk factor for coronary heart diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, osteoporosis, and pregnancy complications. Low intakes and decreased absorption of the B-vitamins are the most common causes of hyperhomocysteinemia, which is very prevalent in elderly people. The current review summarizes results from epidemiological studies and presents possible pathological mechanisms of hyperhomocysteinemia. In addition, the current study is a critical evaluation of results from several intervention studies that have been initiated for primary or secondary prevention of coronary and degenerative diseases. Lowering the risk of stroke is currently the most impressive effect of homocysteine-lowering-treatment and underlines the causal relationship. Available data is not sufficient for a final conclusion about the effectiveness of homocysteine-lowering in patients with coronary vascular diseases. Current recommendations stress the importance of measurement of plasma concentrations of homocysteine in patients with multiple risk factors. This allow early intervention with B-vitamins.
Developmental origins of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease as a risk factor for exaggerated metabolic and cardiovascular-renal disease.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is linked to increased risk for chronic disease. Placental ischemia and insufficiency in the mother are implicated in predisposing IUGR offspring to metabolic dysfunction, including hypertension, insulin resistance, abnormalities in glucose homeostasis, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). It is unclear whether these metabolic disturbances contribute to the developmental origins of exaggerated cardiovascular-renal disease (CVRD) risk accompanying IUGR. IUGR impacts the pancreas, adipose tissue, and liver, which are hypothesized to program for hepatic insulin resistance and subsequent NAFLD. NAFLD is projected to become the major cause of chronic liver disease and contributor to uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus, which is a leading cause of chronic kidney disease. While NAFLD is increased in experimental models of IUGR, lacking is a full comprehension of the mechanisms responsible for programming of NAFLD and whether this potentiates susceptibility to liver injury. The use of well-established and clinically relevant rodent models, which mimic the clinical characteristics of IUGR, metabolic disturbances, and increased blood pressure in the offspring, will permit investigation into mechanisms linking adverse influences during early life and later chronic health. The purpose of this review is to propose mechanisms, including those proinflammatory in nature, whereby IUGR exacerbates the pathogenesis of NAFLD and how these adverse programmed outcomes contribute to exaggerated CVRD risk. Understanding the etiology of the developmental origins of chronic disease will allow investigators to uncover treatment strategies to intervene in the mother and her offspring to halt the increasing prevalence of metabolic dysfunction and CVRD.
Fetal loss and long-term maternal morbidity and mortality: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Evidence suggests common pathways between pregnancy losses and subsequent long-term maternal morbidity, rendering pregnancy complications an early chronic disease marker. There is a plethora of studies exploring associations between miscarriage and stillbirth with long-term adverse maternal health; however, these data are inconclusive. METHODS AND FINDINGS: We systematically searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED, BNI, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library with relevant keywords and MeSH terms from inception to June 2023 (no language restrictions). We included studies exploring associations between stillbirth or miscarriage and incidence of cardiovascular, malignancy, mental health, other morbidities, and all-cause mortality in women without previous pregnancy loss. Studies reporting short-term morbidity (within a year of loss), case reports, letters, and animal studies were excluded. Study selection and data extraction were performed by 2 independent reviewers. Risk of bias was assessed using the Newcastle Ottawa Scale (NOS) and publication bias with funnel plots. Subgroup analysis explored the effect of recurrent losses on adverse outcomes. Statistical analysis was performed using an inverse variance random effects model and results are reported as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and prediction intervals (PIs) by combining the most adjusted RR, odds ratios (ORs) and hazard ratios (HRs) under the rare outcome assumption. We included 56 observational studies, including 45 in meta-analysis. There were 1,119,815 women who experienced pregnancy loss of whom 951,258 had a miscarriage and 168,557 stillbirth, compared with 11,965,574 women without previous loss. Women with a history of stillbirth had a greater risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) RR 1.56, 95% CI [1.30, 1.88]; p < 0.001, 95% PI [0.49 to 5.15]), cerebrovascular (RR 1.71, 95% CI [1.44, 2.03], p < 0.001, 95% PI [1.92, 2.42]), and any circulatory/cardiovascular disease (RR 1.86, 95% CI [1.01, 3.45], p = 0.05, 95% PI [0.74, 4.10]) compared with women without pregnancy loss. There was no evidence of increased risk of cardiovascular disease (IHD: RR 1.11, 95% CI [0.98, 1.27], 95% PI [0.46, 2.76] or cerebrovascular: RR 1.01, 95% CI [0.85, 1.21]) in women experiencing a miscarriage. Only women with a previous stillbirth were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR: 1.16, 95% CI [1.07 to 2.26]; p < 0.001, 95% PI [1.05, 1.35]). Women with a stillbirth history had an increased risk of developing renal morbidities (RR 1.97, 95% CI [1.51, 2.57], p < 0.001, 95% [1.06, 4.72]) compared with controls. Women with a history of stillbirth had lower risk of breast cancer (RR: 0.80, 95% CI [0.67, 0.96], p-0.02, 95% PI [0.72, 0.93]). There was no evidence of altered risk of other malignancies in women experiencing pregnancy loss compared to controls. There was no evidence of long-term mental illness risk in women with previous pregnancy losses (stillbirth: RR 1.90, 95% CI [0.93, 3.88], 95% PI [0.34, 9.51], miscarriage: RR 1.78, 95% CI [0.88, 3.63], 95% PI [1.13, 4.16]). The main limitations include the potential for confounding due to use of aggregated data with variable degrees of adjustment. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that women with a history of stillbirth have a greater risk of future cardiovascular disease, T2DM, and renal morbidities. Women experiencing miscarriages, single or multiple, do not seem to have an altered risk.
Cardiac diastolic evaluation in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance: an opportunity to detect the early and subclinical alterations and prevent cardiovascular diseases.; of this study were to assess diastolic function in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), compared with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) women, and to evaluate the insulin resistance status and its association with Doppler-echocardiographic indexes. Echocardiograms of 108 consecutive Caucasian women with singleton pregnancies were performed. Insulin resistance status was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). All the studied women showed normal diastolic patterns. Patients with AGT (50.9%), as compared with NGT women, had higher HOMA-IR (1.70 ± 1.30 versus 1.01 ± 0.81, P = 0.003), lower QUICKI (0.36 ± 0.005 versus 0.40 ± 0.06, P = 0.004), higher lateral mitral annulus late diastolic velocity (13.6 ± 4.9 versus 11.9 ± 4.9, P = 0.03), and higher A-wave velocity, the wave responsible for the active atrial contraction component (75.2 ± 14.2 versus 67.7 ± 16.2, P = 0.01). At multivariate regression analysis HOMA-IR was the only parameter associated with A-wave velocity. In conclusion, women with AGT had an increased subclinical diastolic active participation, which is associated with higher levels of insulin resistance. For the increased risk of deterioration of cardiac diastolic function, earlier and more seriously than normal pregnancy, AGT women may have a careful followup to detect the early signs of cardiac alteration and to prevent cardiovascular diseases.
Fetal growth and programming of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.; 1. Epidemiological studies have shown that small size at birth is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease and its risk factors, including hypertension and type 2 diabetes. 2. It is suggested that these observed links between low birthweight with disease result from an imbalance between fetal nutrient demand and supply. This imbalance results in metabolic and endocrine adaptations that benefit the fetus in the short term by reducing fetal growth and increasing fuel availability but, in the longer term, are maladaptive, leading to an increased risk of coronary heart disease. 3. Experimental data in animals and recent human observations have suggested that an alteration in the set point of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is an important long-term change that occurs in association with reduced fetal growth. 4. These data raise the possibility that the nature and amplitude of the stress response may be determined by intra-uterine factors.
Necrotizing enterocolitis in full-term or near-term infants: risk factors.; A retrospective case-control study of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) affecting infants weighing > 2,000 g at birth was performed to determine those factors which could contribute to the development of NEC. Twenty-four infants met the criteria of definite NEC. For each case the next 2 healthy newborns were matched as controls. When compared with the control group, NEC infants had a significantly higher frequency of prolonged rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, Apgar score < 7 at 1 and 5 min, respiratory problems, congenital heart disease, hypoglycemia, and exchange transfusions. Only 3 infants with NEC were healthy newborns with an unremarkable perinatal course before NEC. There were no differences in the frequency of preeclampsia, maternal diabetes, maternal drug abuse, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and polycythemia. These results indicate that most of these more mature infants have a predisposing factor before developing NEC.
High glucose concentration inhibits migration of rat cranial neural crest cells in vitro.; Cranial neural crest cells give rise to a large part of the facial structures, and disturbed development of these cells may therefore cause congenital malformations affecting the head and face. We studied the effects of increased glucose concentration on the migration and development of cranial neural crest cells, maintained in vitro for 48 h. Pre-migratory cranial neural crest cells were removed from embryos of normal and diabetic rats on gestational day 9. After 24 h in 10 mmol/l glucose the cells were exposed to glucose concentrations of 10, 30, or 50 mmol/l for another 24 h. The cultures were photographed at 24 h and 48 h in a phase-contrast microscope to evaluate cell morphology, cell number, and cell migration. Exposure to 50 mmol/l glucose reduced the total number of neural crest cells, their mean migratory distance and migratory area expansion compared to cells cultured in 10 mmol/l glucose. To investigate the effect of antioxidant agents, high glucose cultures were studied after addition of N-acetylcysteine (NAC), or superoxide dismutase (SOD). Addition of NAC diminished the inhibitory effect of high glucose, whereas SOD did not offer any improvement in cell development. Neural crest cell culture from embryos of diabetic rats showed reduced cell migration in vitro at all glucose concentrations compared to normal cells. In addition, the cells from embryos of diabetic rats showed reduced migratory area expansion after culture in the basal 10 mmol/l glucose concentration, indicating that maternal diabetes permanently influences the future development of premigratory cranial neural crest cells. These findings indicate that high glucose concentration inhibits cranial neural crest development in vitro, and that antioxidant therapy may diminish this inhibition. Free radical oxygen species may be involved in the induction of malformations and antioxidants may therefore have a role in future attempts to block the teratogenic effects of diabetic pregnancy.
A history of preeclampsia is associated with a risk for coronary artery calcification 3 decades later.; BACKGROUND: A history of preeclampsia is an independent risk factor for cardiac events and stroke. Changes in vasculature structure that contribute to these associations are not well understood. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to quantify coronary artery calcification (CAC), a known risk factor for cardiac events, in a prospective cohort of women with and without histories of preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: Women without prior cardiovascular events (40 with and 40 without histories of preeclampsia, matched for parity and age at index birth) were recruited from a large population-based cohort of women who were residents of Olmsted County, Minnesota, and who delivered from 1976 through 1982. Computed tomography was performed to measure CAC in Agatston units. All pregnancy histories and covariates were confirmed by review of the medical records. Current clinical variables were assessed at the time of imaging. Differences between women with and without histories of preeclampsia were examined using χ(2) tests and tests; CAC, in particular, was compared as a categorical and ordinal variable, with a χ(2) test and with Wilcoxon 2-sample tests and ordinal logistic regression, as appropriate. RESULTS: Mean age (SD) at imaging was 59.5 (±4.6) years. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures, hyperlipidemia, and current diabetes status did not differ between women with and without histories of preeclampsia. However, the frequencies of having a current clinical diagnosis of hypertension (60% vs 20%, P < .001) and higher body mass index in kg/m(2) (expressed as median [25th-75th percentile], 29.8 [25.9-33.7] vs 25.3 [23.1-32.0], P = .023) were both greater in the women with histories of preeclampsia compared to those without. The frequency of a CAC score >50 Agatston units was also greater in the preeclampsia group (23% vs 0%, P = .001). Compared to women without preeclampsia, the odds of having a higher CAC score was 3.54 (confidence interval [CI], 1.39-9.02) times greater in women with prior preeclampsia without adjustment, and 2.61 (CI, 0.95-7.14) times greater after adjustment for current hypertension. After adjustment for body mass index alone, the odds of having a higher CAC based on a history of preeclampsia remained significant at 3.20 (CI, 1.21-8.49). CONCLUSION: In this first prospective cohort study with confirmation of preeclampsia by medical record review, a history of preeclampsia is associated with an increased risk of CAC >30 years after affected pregnancies, even after controlling individually for traditional risk factors. A history of preeclampsia should be considered in risk assessment when initiating primary prevention strategies to reduce cardiovascular disease in women. Among women with histories of preeclampsia, the presence of CAC may be able to identify those at a particularly high cardiovascular risk, and should be the subject of future studies.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among women of migrant origin in Finland: A population-based study.; INTRODUCTION: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are a leading cause of maternal and perinatal mortality and morbidity worldwide. We studied the prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among women of migrant origin in Finland. MATERIAL AND METHODS: This study used data from the nationwide Medical Birth Register. Information on the most recent singleton birth of women who delivered between 2004 and 2014 (n = 382 233) was included. Women were classified into nine regional categories based on the country of origin. Women of Finnish origin were the reference group. Generalized linear models adjusted for maternal age, socioeconomic position, smoking in pregnancy, parity, pre-pregnancy body mass index, preexisting diabetes and delivery year were used to study the association between region/country of origin and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. RESULTS: Among the study population, almost 8% were of migrant origin. The prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy varied from 1.3% (women of East Asian origin) to 4.2% (women of Sub-Saharan African origin), compared with 4.6% in the Finnish origin reference group. Compared with women of Finnish origin, the risk for any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy after adjustment for confounders was lower for women of migrant origin, with an exception for women of Sub-Saharan African origin. When analyzing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia outcomes separately, Sub-Saharan African origin women had a lower risk for gestational hypertension (risk ratio [RR] 0.41, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.30-0.56) but a higher risk for preeclampsia (RR 1.77, 95% CI 1.44-2.17) than women of Finnish origin. CONCLUSIONS: In general, women of migrant origin in Finland had a lower risk for any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational hypertension. The risk for preeclampsia was higher among women of Sub-Saharan African origin and may warrant special attention.
The Relationship of Restless Legs Syndrome to History of Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Restless legs syndrome (RLS), a burdensome sleep disorder, has been associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD), hypertension, diabetes, and related disorders. However, the relationship of RLS to history of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), a predictor of subsequent CVD, diabetes, and associated conditions, remains little explored. In this study, we investigated the relationship of RLS to history of PIH in a sample of primary care patients. METHODS: Participants were women aged ≥40 years drawn from an anonymous survey study of West Virginia primary care patients. Data collected included detailed information on demographics, lifestyle factors, sleep patterns, and reproductive/medical history; the survey also included an RLS diagnostic questionnaire. Women who were pregnant or unsure about their pregnancy status were excluded from the analyses. RESULTS: Of the 498 participants in the final analytic sample, 24.5% met diagnostic criteria for RLS (17.9% with symptoms ≥once/week, 11.9% with symptoms ≥3 times/week); 73 (16.5% of parous women) reported a history of PIH, defined as physician-diagnosed preeclampsia or gestational hypertension. After adjustment for demographics, lifestyle characteristics, obesity, reproductive history, health conditions, and other factors, those reporting a history of PIH were approximately twice as likely to meet criteria for RLS (odds ratio [OR] = 1.9; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.1, 3.6). These associations increased in magnitude with increasing symptom frequency (adjusted OR for RLS with symptoms ≥3 times/week = 3.8; CI 1.9, 7.6; p for trend = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: History of PIH was strongly and positively related to current RLS in this study of primary care patients; these findings further support a possible role for metabolic dysregulation in RLS etiology.
Obesity and obstetric anaesthesia.; Obesity is increasing in the population as a whole, and especially in the obstetric population, among whom pregnancy-induced physiological changes impact on those already present due to obesity. In particular, changes in the cardiovascular and respiratory systems during pregnancy further alter the physiological effects and comorbidities of obesity. Obese pregnant women are at increased risk of diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, ischaemic heart disease, congenital malformations, operative delivery postpartum infection and thromboembolism. Regional analgesia and anaesthesia is usually preferred but may be challenging. Obese pregnant women appear to have increased morbidity and mortality associated with caesarean delivery and general anaesthesia for caesarean delivery in particular, and more anaesthesia-related complications. This article summarises the physiological and pharmacological implications of obesity and pregnancy and describes the issues surrounding the management of these women for labour and delivery.
[Environmental Factors and MicroRNA: Application for DOHaD Research and Future Perspectives].; In Japan, the prevalence of low birth weight (< 2,500 g) has been increasing, probably owing to leanness, exposure to toxic chemicals and smoking. Epidemiological studies revealed that low birth weight poses risks of hypertension, coronary heart diseases and diabetes. Although the precise mechanism has not been understood, there is an urgent need for appropriate public health interventions. MicroRNA (miRNA) is a small RNA consisting of approximately 22 nucleotides and distributed in a wide variety of organs and body fluids. miRNAs are involved in the pathogenesis of various human diseases and expected to be their potential biomarkers. The interest on the study on miRNA in the research field of developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) has been growing, and the number of related papers has been increasing. There are several molecular epidemiological studies on the relationship between maternal miRNA and fetal development. The effects of smoking and dietary factors on miRNA expression and fetal development have been investigated in epidemiological and experimental studies. However, the role of maternal miRNA in fetal development has not been well understood so far. In this review, the current status of studies on miRNA expression in DOHaD research is described and future perspectives are discussed.
Hypertension as a low-grade systemic inflammatory condition that has its origins in the perinatal period.; Genetics, oxidative stress: superoxide anion (O2*-) and hydrogen peroxide (H2O2), endothelial nitric oxide (eNO), lipid peroxides, anti-oxidants, endothelin, angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) activity, angiotensinII, transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta), insulin, homocysteine, asymmetrical dimethyl arginine, proinflammatory cytokines: interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumor necrosis factor-a (TNF-alpha), C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs), and activity of NAD(P)H oxidase have a role in human essential hypertension. There is a close interaction between endogenous molecules: eNO, endothelin, cytokines, and nutrients: folic acid, L-arginine, tetrahydrobiopterin (H4B), vitamin B6, vitamin B12, vitamin C, and LCPUFAs. Statins mediate some, if not all, of their actions through LCPUFAs, whereas these fatty acids (especially omega-3 fatty acids) suppress cyclo-oxygenase activity and the synthesis of pro-inflammatory cytokines, and activate parasympathetic nervous system, actions that reduce the risk of major vascular events. Some LCPUFAs form precursors to lipoxins and resolvins that have anti-inflammatory actions. Low-grade systemic inflammation seen in hypertension seems to have its origins in the perinatal period and availability of adequate amounts of LCPUFAs during the critical periods of brain growth prevents the development of hypertension. This indicates that preventive strategies aimed at decreasing the incidence of hypertension and its associated conditions such as atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease (CHD), and cardiac failure in adulthood need to be instituted during the perinatal period if they are to be effective.
The risks of not breastfeeding for mothers and infants.; Health outcomes in developed countries differ substantially for mothers and infants who formula feed compared with those who breastfeed. For infants, not being breastfed is associated with an increased incidence of infectious morbidity, as well as elevated risks of childhood obesity, type 1 and type 2 diabetes, leukemia, and sudden infant death syndrome. For mothers, failure to breastfeed is associated with an increased incidence of premenopausal breast cancer, ovarian cancer, retained gestational weight gain, type 2 diabetes, myocardial infarction, and the metabolic syndrome. Obstetricians are uniquely positioned to counsel mothers about the health impact of breastfeeding and to ensure that mothers and infants receive appropriate, evidence-based care, starting at birth.
Effect of maternal dyslipidaemia on the cardiorespiratory physiology and biochemical parameters in male rat offspring.; The present study evaluated the effects of maternal dyslipidaemia on blood pressure (BP), cardiorespiratory physiology and biochemical parameters in male offspring. Wistar rat dams were fed either a control (CTL) or a dyslipidaemic (DLP) diet during pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, both CTL and DLP offspring received standard diet. On the 30th and 90th day of life, blood samples were collected for metabolic analyses. Direct measurements of BP, respiratory frequency (RF), tidal volume (VT) and ventilation (VE) under baseline condition, as well as during hypercapnia (7 % CO2) and hypoxia (KCN, 0·04 %), were recorded from awake 90-d-old male offspring. DLP dams exhibited raised serum levels of total cholesterol (TC) (4·0-fold), TAG (2·0-fold), VLDL+LDL (7·7-fold) and reduced HDL-cholesterol (2·4-fold), insulin resistance and hepatic steatosis at the end of lactation. At 30 d of age, the DLP offspring showed an increase in the serum levels of TC (P<0·05) and VLDL+LDL (P<0·05) in comparison with CTL offspring. At 90 d of age, DLP offspring exhibited higher mean arterial pressure (MAP, approximately 34 %). In the spectral analysis, the DLP group showed augmented low-frequency (LF) power and LF:high-frequency (HF) ratio when compared with CTL offspring. In addition, the DLP animals showed a larger delta variation in arterial pressure after administration of the ganglionic blocker (P=0·0003). We also found that cardiorespiratory response to hypercapnia and hypoxia was augmented in DLP offspring. In conclusion, the present data show that maternal dyslipidaemia alters cardiorespiratory physiology and may be a predisposing factor for hypertension at adulthood.
Lifestyle in progression from hypertensive disorders of pregnancy to chronic hypertension in Nurses' Health Study II: observational cohort study.; Objectives To study the association between lifestyle risk factors and chronic hypertension by history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP: gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia) and investigate the extent to which these risk factors modify the association between HDP and chronic hypertension.Design Prospective cohort study.Setting Nurses' Health Study II (1991-2013).Participants 54 588 parous women aged 32 to 59 years with data on reproductive history and without previous chronic hypertension, stroke, or myocardial infarction.Main outcome measure Chronic hypertension diagnosed by a physician and indicated through nurse participant self report. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to investigate the development of chronic hypertension contingent on history of HDP and four lifestyle risk factors: post-pregnancy body mass index, physical activity, adherence to the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) diet, and dietary sodium/potassium intake. Potential effect modification (interaction) between each lifestyle factor and previous HDP was evaluated with the relative excess risk due to interaction.Results 10% (n=5520) of women had a history of HDP at baseline. 13 971 cases of chronic hypertension occurred during 689 988 person years of follow-up. Being overweight or obese was the only lifestyle factor consistently associated with higher risk of chronic hypertension. Higher body mass index, in particular, also increased the risk of chronic hypertension associated with history of HDP (relative excess risk due to interaction P<0.01 for all age strata). For example, in women aged 40-49 years with previous HDP and obesity class I (body mass index 30.0-34.9), 25% (95% confidence interval 12% to 37%) of the risk of chronic hypertension was attributable to a potential effect of obesity that was specific to women with previous HDP. There was no clear evidence of effect modification by physical activity, DASH diet, or sodium/potassium intake on the association between HDP and chronic hypertension.Conclusion This study suggests that the risk of chronic hypertension after HDP might be markedly reduced by adherence to a beneficial lifestyle. Compared with women without a history of HDP, keeping a healthy weight seems to be especially important with such a history.
Long-term impact of preterm birth on exercise capacity in healthy young men: a national population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Increasing numbers of survivors of preterm birth are growing into adulthood today. Long-term health-effects of prematurity are still poorly understood, but include increased risk for diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular diseases in adult life. To test if reduced physical fitness may be a link in the causal chain of preterm birth and diseases in later life, the association of preterm birth and adult exercise capacity was investigated. The hypothesis was that preterm birth contributes independently of other risk factors to lower physical fitness in adulthood. METHODS AND FINDINGS: Population-based national cohort study of all males conscripting for military service in 1993-2001 and born in Sweden 1973-1983, n = 218,820. Data were retrieved from the Swedish Conscript Register, the Medical Birth Register and the Population and Housing Census 1990. Primary outcome was the results from maximal exercise test (Wmax in Watt) performed at conscription. Association to perinatal and socioeconomic risk factors, other co-variates and confounders were analysed. General linear modelling showed that preterm birth predicted low Wmax in a dose-response related pattern, with 25 Watt reduction in Wmax for the lowest gestational ages, those born ≤27 weeks. Low birth weight for gestational age also independently predicted low Wmax compared to normal and high birth weight (32 Watt reduction for those with a birth weight Standard Deviation Score <2). Low parental education was significantly associated with reduced Wmax (range 17 Watt), as well as both low and high current BMI, with severe obesity resulting in a 16 Watt deficit compared to Wmax top performance. CONCLUSION: Being born preterm as well as being born small for gestational age predicts low exercise capacity in otherwise healthy young men. The effect size of being born preterm equal or exceed that of other known risk factors for unfitness in adults, such as low parental education and overweight.
Evidence for central hypercortisolism and elevated blood pressure in adolescent offspring of mothers with pre-eclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal total and free cortisol concentrations are reduced in pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational hypertension (GH). However, the effect of this on the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis function in the offspring is unknown. We examined the basal HPA axis activity in adolescent offspring of mothers with pre-pregnancy hypertension/GH/PE. DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: A total of 1182 participants (mean age 17·1 years) recruited from the Western Australian Pregnancy Cohort (Raine) Study provided fasting morning blood samples for basal HPA axis and concomitant clinical assessments, including blood pressure. MEASUREMENTS: Plasma ACTH, total cortisol, corticosteroid-binding globulin (CBG) and free cortisol calculated by Coolens' equation were measured from the blood samples collected at home before 10:00 am. RESULTS: Total plasma cortisol (689 ± 153 nmol/l vs 583 ± 172 nmol/l, P = 0·024), ACTH (15·5 ± 13 pmol/l vs 10·8 ± 5·1 pmol/l, P = 0·040) and calculated free cortisol (52 ± 21 nmol/l vs 42 ± 22 nmol/l, P = 0·052) were higher in the PE offspring than in controls. The pre-pregnancy hypertension group had evidence of a lower ACTH/plasma free cortisol ratio (0·22 vs 0·33 P = 0·020) and lower CBG (713 nmol/l vs 821 nmol/l, P = 0·004) compared with controls. Systolic blood pressure was elevated in the GH/PE group compared with controls (120 mmHg vs 116 mmHg, P = 0·006). CONCLUSIONS: Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity is increased in the adolescent offspring of mothers with pre-eclampsia. This may be an adaptation resulting from the reduced maternal cortisol during foetal life. The resulting mild hypercortisolism may have implications for long-term health outcomes and warrants further investigation.
Maternal self-reported polycystic ovary syndrome with offspring and maternal cardiometabolic outcomes.; STUDY QUESTION: Do children born to mothers with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) have an adverse cardiometabolic profile including arterial stiffness at 9 years of age compared to other children? SUMMARY ANSWER: Children of mothers with PCOS did not have differing cardiometabolic outcomes than children without exposure. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: While women with PCOS themselves have higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions such as obesity and diabetes, the evidence on intergenerational impact is unclear. Given in utero sequalae of PCOS (e.g. hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance), the increased risk could be to both boys and girls. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The Upstate KIDS cohort is a population-based birth cohort established in 2008-2010 to prospectively study the impact of infertility treatment on children's health. After ∼10 years of follow-up, 446 mothers and their 556 children attended clinical visits to measure blood pressure (BP), heart rate, arterial stiffness by pulse wave velocity (PWV), mean arterial pressure, lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and anthropometrics. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women self-reported ever diagnoses of PCOS ∼4 months after delivery of their children in 2008-2010. Linear regression models applying generalized estimating equations to account for correlation within twins were used to examine associations with each childhood cardiometabolic outcome. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In this cohort with women oversampled on infertility treatment, ∼14% of women reported a PCOS diagnosis (n = 61). We observed similarities in BP, heart rate, PWV, lipids, hsCRP, HbA1c, and anthropometry (P-values >0.05) among children born to mothers with and without PCOS. Associations did not differ by child sex. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The sample size of women with PCOS precluded further separation of subgroups (e.g. by hirsutism). The population-based approach relied on self-reported diagnosis of maternal PCOS even though self-report has been found to be valid. Participants were predominantly non-Hispanic White and a high proportion were using fertility treatment due to the original design. Differences in cardiometabolic health may be apparent later in age, such as after puberty. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our results provide some reassurance that cardiometabolic factors do not differ in children of women with and without self-reported PCOS during pregnancy. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Supported by the Intramural Research Program of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, United States (contracts #HHSN275201200005C, #HHSN267200700019C, #HHSN275201400013C, #HHSN275201300026I/27500004, #HHSN275201300023I/27500017). The authors have no conflicts of interest. REGISTRATION NUMBER: NCT03106493.
Dietary Blueberry and Soluble Fiber Improve Serum Antioxidant and Adipokine Biomarkers and Lipid Peroxidation in Pregnant Women with Obesity and at Risk for Gestational Diabetes.; Pregnancies affected by obesity are at high risk for developing metabolic complications with oxidative stress and adipocyte dysfunction contributing to the underlying pathologies. Few studies have examined the role of dietary interventions, especially those involving antioxidants including polyphenolic flavonoids found in fruits and vegetables on these pathologies in high-risk pregnant women. We conducted an 18 gestation-week randomized controlled trial to examine the effects of a dietary intervention comprising of whole blueberries and soluble fiber vs. control (standard prenatal care) on biomarkers of oxidative stress/antioxidant status and adipocyte and hormonal functions in pregnant women with obesity (n = 34). Serum samples were collected at baseline (<20 gestation weeks) and at the end of the study period (32-26 gestation weeks). Study findings showed maternal serum glutathione and antioxidant capacity to be significantly increased, and malondialdehyde to be decreased in the dietary intervention vs. control group (all p < 0.05). Among the adipokine biomarkers, serum plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and visfatin, as biomarkers of adipocyte dysfunction and insulin resistance, were also decreased following dietary intervention (all p < 0.05). These findings support the need for supplementing maternal diets with berries and fiber to improve oxidative stress and risks of metabolic complications during pregnancy.
Critical periods in human growth and their relationship to diseases of aging.; It has long been recognized that there are "critical periods" during mammalian development when exposure to specific environmental stimuli are required in order to elicit the normal development of particular anatomical structures or their normal functioning. The responses of the organism to these stimuli depend on a specific level of anatomical maturation and a state of rapid anatomical and/or functional change. This discussion of critical periods in growth is not confined to the classic definition of a narrow time frame of development during which a particular environmental threshold or limit must exist for normal growth and function to ensue. Using both auxological and epidemiological approaches, we suggest a lifespan perspective which encompasses accumulating and interacting risks that are manifest from prenatal life onward. By understanding the process of growth development, and by scrutinizing the growth process, early variations that lead to later disease can be identified. Here we review a significant amount of the evidence that links exposure during growth to later morbidity and mortality. The fetus appears to respond to insults during the prenatal period through the process of "programming," which has short-term survival advantages but may have a long-term disadvantage in that it is associated with cardiovascular disease, hypertension, type II diabetes, and later obesity. Low birth weight combined with rapid postnatal growth during infancy also appears to be associated, for instance, with later childhood and adult sequelae in terms of glucose tolerance and obesity. Independent of birth weight, the timing of adiposity rebound during mid-childhood also predicts later obesity. The timing, magnitude, and duration of adolescent growth and maturationare associated with critical body composition changes, including the normal acquisition of body fat and bone mineralization. In particular, the acquisition of appropriate peak bone mass is critical in determining the later risk of osteoporosis. A putative causal mechanism linking early growth variation to later chronic disease risk through telomeric attrition is discussed. The obligatory loss of telomeric DNA with each cell division serves as a mitotic clock and marks the rate of growth and repair processes in the cell. Although much more work is required, existing studies support the notion that telomere shortening is not only a clock of cellular division, but also marks relative growth rate, as well as contributing to common degenerative processes of aging through its impact on cellular senescence.
Cardiogenic Shock and Utilization of Mechanical Circulatory Support in Pregnancy.; Maternal mortality rates are rising in the United States, a trend which is in contrast to that seen in other high-income nations. Cardiovascular disease and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are consistently the leading causes of maternal mortality both in the United States and globally, accounting for about one-quarter to one-third of maternal and peripartum deaths. A large proportion of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality stems from acquired disease in the context of cardiovascular risk factors, which include obesity, pre-existing diabetes and hypertension, and inequities in care from maternal care deserts and structural racism. Patients may also become pregnant with preexisting structural heart disease, or acquire disease throughout pregnancy (ex: spontaneous coronary artery dissection, peripartum cardiomyopathy), and be at higher risk of pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications. While risk-stratification tools including the modified World Health Organization (mWHO) classification, Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy (CARPREG II) and Zwangerschap bij Aangeboren HARtAfwijking/Pregnancy in Women with Congenital Heart Disease (ZAHARA) have been designed to help physicians identify patients at increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and who may therefore benefit from referral to a tertiary care center, the limitation of these scores is their predominant focus on patients with known preexisting heart disease. As such, identifying patients at risk for pregnancy complications presents a significant challenge, and it is often patients with high-risk cardiovascular substrates prior to or during pregnancy who are at a highest risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes including cardiogenic shock.
L-Arginine treatment for severe vascular fetal intrauterine growth restriction: a randomized double-bind controlled trial.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Infants born with severe IUGR are exposed to higher neonatal mortality and morbidity rates, as compared with appropriate-for-gestational-age. They are exposed to a higher risk of developing chronic disease such as hypertension, coronary artery disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. L-Arginine is a precursor of nitric oxide (NO) and may play a role in placental vascular mediation or local vasodilatation. OBJECTIVE: The current study was designed to determine whether oral supplementation of gravid patients suffering from severe intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) with L-arginine, would enhance birth weight and/or decrease neonatal morbidity. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Forty-four patients with a singleton pregnancy who had been referred for IUGR detected by ultrasonic examination were included. Vascular IUGR was defined by fetal abdominal circumference less than or equal to the 3rd percentile, associated with abnormal uterine Doppler. After double-blind randomization, patients received either 14 g/day of L-arginine, or a placebo. RESULTS: The characteristics of the two groups of patients (IUGR with L-arginine vs IUGR with placebo) were similar upon randomization. There was no significant difference between the two groups concerning birth weight (1042+/-476 vs. 1068+/-452 g). At delivery, maternal and neonatal characteristics were similar in the two groups. There was no difference in the Clinical Risk Index for Babies (CRIB) score, the duration of ventilatory assistance, nor the delay between birth and full enteral feeding between the two groups. CONCLUSION: In this study which is, at the best of our knowledge, the first double-bind, multicenter, randomized trial in this condition, L-arginine is not an effective treatment for severe vascular growth restriction.
Accelerated postnatal growth increases lipogenic gene expression and adipocyte size in low-birth weight mice.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize the hormonal milieu and adipose gene expression in response to catch-up growth (CUG), a growth pattern associated with obesity and diabetes risk, in a mouse model of low birth weight (LBW). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: ICR mice were food restricted by 50% from gestational days 12.5-18.5, reducing offspring birth weight by 25%. During the suckling period, dams were either fed ad libitum, permitting CUG in offspring, or food restricted, preventing CUG. Offspring were killed at age 3 weeks, and gonadal fat was removed for RNA extraction, array analysis, RT-PCR, and evaluation of cell size and number. Serum insulin, thyroxine (T4), corticosterone, and adipokines were measured. RESULTS: At age 3 weeks, LBW mice with CUG (designated U-C) had body weight comparable with controls (designated C-C); weight was reduced by 49% in LBW mice without CUG (designated U-U). Adiposity was altered by postnatal nutrition, with gonadal fat increased by 50% in U-C and decreased by 58% in U-U mice (P < 0.05 vs. C-C mice). Adipose expression of the lipogenic genes Fasn, AccI, Lpin1, and Srebf1 was significantly increased in U-C compared with both C-C and U-U mice (P < 0.05). Mitochondrial DNA copy number was reduced by >50% in U-C versus U-U mice (P = 0.014). Although cell numbers did not differ, mean adipocyte diameter was increased in U-C and reduced in U-U mice (P < 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: CUG results in increased adipose tissue lipogenic gene expression and adipocyte diameter but not increased cellularity, suggesting that catch-up fat is primarily associated with lipogenesis rather than adipogenesis in this murine model.
Prevalence, trend, and associated risk factors for cleft lip with/without cleft palate: a national study on live births from 2016 to 2021.; BACKGROUNDS: Cleft lip with or without cleft palate (CL/P) is the most common congenital craniofacial anomaly, including non-syndromic cleft lip with or without cleft palate and cleft palate only. Failure in the fusion of median and lateral nasal processes, the maxillary prominence, and soft tissues around the oral cavity can cause CL/P. Previously, the prevalence has been estimated to be 1 among every 1000 births in 2014 among American neonates and no other reports have been available since. Thus, this study aimed to calculate the prevalence and trend of isolated CL/P among American live births from 2016 to 2021 with its associated risk factors. METHODS AND MATERIALS: In this cross-sectional population-based retrospective study, we used live birth data provided by the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) from the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). We calculated the prevalence per 10,000 live births of isolated (non-syndromic) CL/P from 2016 to 2021. To examine risk factors for developing isolated CL/P, we used logistic regression modelling. RESULTS: The total prevalence per 10,000 births from 2016 to 2021 was 4.88 (4.79-4.97), for both sexes, and 5.96 (5.82-6.10) for males, and 3.75 (3.64-3.87) for females. The prevalence did not show any consistent linear decreasing or increasing pattern. We found significant association between increased odds of developing isolated CL/P among cases with 20 to 24 year-old mothers (OR = 1.07, 1.01-1.13, p = 0.013), mothers who smoked 11 to 20 cigarettes per day (OR = 1.46, 1.33-1.60, p <  0.001), mothers with extreme obesity (OR = 1.32, 1.21-1.43, p <  0.001), mothers with grade II obesity (OR = 1.32, 1.23-1.42, p <  0.001), mothers with pre-pregnancy hypertension (OR = 1.17, 1.04-1.31, p = 0.009), mothers with pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.96, 1.71-2.25, p <  0.001), and mothers who used assisted reproductive technology (OR = 1.40, 1.18-1.66, p <  0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest a minuscule increase, albeit insignificant, in the trend of CL/P prevalence from 2016 to 2021. Developing CL/P had greater odds among mothers with pre-pregnancy diabetes, smoking, obesity, and pre-pregnancy hypertension mothers along with mothers who used assisted reproductive technology. Isolated CL/P had the highest prevalence in non-Hispanic Whites, American Indian or Alaskan Native and Native Hawaiian and Other Pacific Islanders.
Prenatal diagnosis of isolated levocardia and a structurally normal heart: two case reports and a review of the literature.; Isolated levocardia (ILC) is a developmental abnormality involving an abnormal abdominal situs with a normal cardiac situs. This abnormality is especially rare when it is associated with a normal cardiac anatomy. The prenatal diagnoses of seven cases were reported in the English literature. This report presents two cases referred to the authors' echocardiography laboratory for maternal diabetes mellitus in case 1 and suspected dextrocardia in case 2. In both cases, ILC with a structurally normal heart was diagnosed prenatally. The child in the first case was found to have a normal inferior vena cava (IVC) prenatally. Postnatally, he was found to have intestinal malrotation with duodenal obstruction and multiple splenules. Interruption of the IVC was shown by abdominal ultrasound. The child in the second case was found to have an interrupted IVC with azygos continuation prenatally. Postnatally, intestinal malrotation with no evidence of intestinal obstruction or asplenia was detected. Neither of the cases had reported cardiac arrhythmias. Early diagnosis is crucial in these cases due to the high incidence of associated anomalies and potential life-threatening conditions. Management of patients with ILC is dictated by the associated anomalies. Long-term follow-up assessment is recommended for these patients to monitor the development of rhythm abnormalities.
Early onset intrauterine growth restriction in a mouse model of gestational hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis.; The susceptibility to develop atherosclerosis is increased by intrauterine growth restriction and prenatal exposure to maternal hypercholesterolemia. Here, we studied whether mouse gestational hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis affected fetal development and growth at different stages of gestation. Female LDLR KO mice fed a proatherogenic, high cholesterol (HC) diet for 3 weeks before conception and during pregnancy exhibited a significant increase in non-HDL cholesterol and developed atherosclerosis. At embryonic days 12.5 (E12.5), E15.5, and E18.5, maternal gestational hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis were associated to a 22-24% reduction in male and female fetal weight without alterations in fetal number/litter or morphology nor placental weight or structure. Feeding the HC diet exclusively at the periconceptional period did not alter fetal growth, suggesting that maternal hypercholesterolemia affected fetal weight only after implantation. Vitamin E supplementation (1,000 UI of α-tocopherol/kg) of HC-fed females did not change the mean weight of E18.5 fetuses but reduced the percentage of fetuses exhibiting body weights below the 10th percentile of weight (HC: 90% vs. HC/VitE: 68%). In conclusion, our results showed that maternal gestational hypercholesterolemia and atherosclerosis in mice were associated to early onset fetal growth restriction and that dietary vitamin E supplementation had a beneficial impact on this condition.
Maternal nutrient restriction between early and midgestation and its impact upon appetite regulation after juvenile obesity.; The impact of maternal nutrient restriction during early-to-midgestation, a period coinciding with early fetal brain development, on appetite regulation and energy balance in the offspring after juvenile obesity was examined. Pregnant sheep were either fed to meet fully their nutritional requirements throughout gestation or 50% of this amount between 30 and 80 d gestation. After weaning, offspring were either made obese through exposure to a sedentary obesogenic environment or remained lean. Maternal nutrient restriction had no effect on birth weight or subsequent growth. At 1 wk of age, only, gene expression for neuropeptide Y in the hypothalamus was reduced in nutrient-restricted offspring. By 1 yr of age, all O animals had increased plasma leptin, nonesterified fatty acids, and insulin, with the latter effect amplified in NR offspring. Fasting plasma glucose, triglycerides, and cortisol were unaffected by obesity. The entrained reduction in physical activity that led to obesity persisted when all animals were maintained within individual pens. However, NRO offspring exhibited reduced daily food intake and were, therefore, no longer in positive "energy balance." This adaptation was accompanied by elevated hypothalamic gene expression for the melanocortin-4 and insulin receptors, AMP-activated kinase, and acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase alpha. In conclusion, nutrient restriction specifically targeted over the period of early fetal brain development contributes to a profoundly different adaptation in energy balance after juvenile obesity. The extent to which this adaptive response may benefit the offspring or result in an exacerbated risk of type 2 diabetes remains to be established.
Prenatal exposure to very severe maternal obesity is associated with adverse neuropsychiatric outcomes in children.; BACKGROUND: Prenatal maternal obesity has been linked to adverse childhood neuropsychiatric outcomes, including increased symptoms of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), internalizing and externalizing problems, affective disorders and neurodevelopmental problems but few studies have studied neuropsychiatric outcomes among offspring born to very severely obese women or assessed potential familial confounding by maternal psychological distress. METHOD: We evaluated neuropsychiatric symptoms in 112 children aged 3-5 years whose mothers had participated in a longitudinal study of obesity in pregnancy (50 very severe obesity, BMI ⩾40 kg/m2, obese class III and 62 lean, BMI 18.5-25 kg/m2). The mothers completed the Conners' Hyperactivity Scale, Early Symptomatic Syndrome Eliciting Neurodevelopmental Clinical Examination Questionnaire (ESSENCE-Q), Child's Sleep Habits Questionnaire (CSHQ), Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire (SDQ), and Child Behavior Checklist (CBCL) to assess child neuropsychiatric symptoms. Covariates included child's sex, age, birthweight, gestational age, socioeconomic deprivation levels, maternal age, parity, smoking status during pregnancy, gestational diabetes and maternal concurrent symptoms of anxiety and depression assessed using State Anxiety of Spielberger State-Trait Anxiety Index (STAI) and General Health Questionnaire (GHQ), respectively. RESULTS: Children exposed to prenatal maternal very severe obesity had significantly higher scores in the Conners' Hyperactivity Scale; ESSENCE-Q; total sleep problems in CSHQ; hyperactivity, conduct problems and total difficulties scales of the SDQ; higher externalizing and total problems, anxious/depressed, aggressive behaviour and other problem syndrome scores and higher DSM-oriented affective, anxiety and ADHD problems in CBCL. Prenatal maternal very severe obesity remained a significant predictor of child neuropsychiatric problems across multiple scales independent of demographic factors, prenatal factors and maternal concurrent symptoms of anxiety and depression. CONCLUSIONS: Prenatal maternal very severe obesity is a strong predictor of increased neuropsychiatric problems in early childhood.
Role of early second-trimester uterine artery Doppler screening to predict small-for-gestational-age babies in nulliparous women.; BACKGROUND: Trophoblastic invasion of the uterine spiral arteries substantially increases compliance to accommodate increased blood flow to the placenta. Failure of this process impedes uterine artery blood flow, and this may be detected by uterine artery Doppler flow studies. However, the clinical utility of uterine artery Doppler flow studies in the prediction of adverse pregnancy outcomes in a general population remains largely unknown. OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine the utility of early second-trimester uterine artery Doppler studies as a predictor of small-for-gestational-age neonates. STUDY DESIGN: Nulliparous women with a viable singleton pregnancy were recruited during their first trimester into an observational prospective cohort study at 8 institutions across the United States. Participants were seen at 3 study visits during pregnancy and again at delivery. Three indices of uterine artery Doppler flow (resistance index, pulsatility index, and diastolic notching) were measured in the right and left uterine arteries between 16 weeks 0 days' and 22 weeks 6 days' gestation. Test characteristics for varying thresholds in the prediction of small for gestational age (defined as birthweight <5th percentile for gestational age [Alexander growth curve]) were evaluated. RESULTS: Uterine artery Doppler indices, birthweight, and gestational age at birth were available for 8024 women. Birthweight <5th percentile for gestational age occurred in 358 (4.5%) births. Typical thresholds for the uterine artery Doppler indices were all associated with birthweight <5th percentile for gestational age (P < .0001 for each), but the positive predictive values for these cutoffs were all <15% and areas under receiver operating characteristic curves ranged from 0.50-0.60. Across the continuous scales for these measures, the areas under receiver operating characteristic curves ranged from 0.56-0.62. Incorporating maternal age, early pregnancy body mass index, race/ethnicity, smoking status prior to pregnancy, chronic hypertension, and pregestational diabetes in the prediction model resulted in only modest improvements in the areas under receiver operating characteristic curves ranging from 0.63-0.66. CONCLUSION: In this large prospective cohort, early second-trimester uterine artery Doppler studies were not a clinically useful test for predicting small-for-gestational-age babies.
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women with PCOS: Follow-Up Study of a Randomized Controlled Three-Component Lifestyle Intervention.; Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and excess weight often present with reproductive derangements. The first-line treatment for this population is a multi-component lifestyle intervention. This follow-up study of a randomized controlled trial based on data from the Dutch Perinatal registry was conducted to study the effect of a one-year three-component (cognitive behavioral therapy, healthy diet, and exercise) lifestyle intervention on pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS and overweight or obesity. Women diagnosed with PCOS, a BMI ≥ 25 kg/m², and a wish to conceive were randomized to either three-component lifestyle intervention (LSI, n = 123), and care as usual (CAU, n = 60) where they were encouraged to lose weight autonomously. Conception resulting in live birth was 39.8% (49/123) within LSI and 38.3% (23/60) within CAU (p = 0.845). In total, 58.3% conceived spontaneously. Gestational diabetes (LSI: 8.2% vs. CAU: 21.7%, p = 0.133), hypertensive disorders (LSI: 8.2% vs. CAU 13.0%, p = 0.673), and preterm birth (LSI: 12.2% vs. CAU: 17.4%, p = 0.716) rates were all lower in LSI compared to CAU. This follow-up study showed no significant differences in conception resulting in live birth rates between LSI and CAU. Nonetheless, a large proportion eventually conceived spontaneously. Moreover, after LSI, the number of uneventful pregnancies was lower compared to care as usual.
Application of Life's Essential 8 to assess cardiovascular health during early childhood.; PURPOSE: Assess cardiovascular health (CVH) during early childhood using the American Heart Association's recently updated construct, Life's Essential 8 (LE8); examine concordance in CVH status per LE8 versus Life's Simple 7 (LS7); and identify perinatal correlates of high CVH per LE8. METHODS: We applied LE8 and LS7 to data from 305 children aged 4-7 years in Denver, CO; estimated % low, moderate, high, and optimal CVH; assessed concordance in CVH status based on LE8 and LS7 using contingency tables; and used multivariable logistic regression to identify early-life correlates of high CVH per LE8. RESULTS: Average age of children was 4.7 ± 0.6 years, 44.6% were female. No participants had low or optimal CVH, 43.9% had high, and 56.1% had moderate CVH per LE8, whereas 33.4% had high and 66.6% had moderate CVH per LS7. Twenty-two percent had high CVH based on both constructs. Correlates of high CVH were maternal prenatal diet quality (odds ratio(Healthy Eating Index score>vs. ≤57) = 1.90 [1.12, 3.21]) and child age (odds ratio(per 1 year) = 1.58 [1.04. 2.42]). CONCLUSIONS: LE8 yielded higher prevalence of high CVH than LS7 during early childhood, though there is modest concordance between the two constructs. Maternal diet is a potential modifiable target to optimize early-life CVH.
Effect of Low-Dose Progesterone on Glycemic Metabolism, Morphology and Function of Adipose Tissue and Pancreatic Islets in Diet-Induced Obese Female Mice.; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a worldwide concern due to its global rapid expansion and remarkable impact on individual's health by predisposing to several other diseases. About twice as many women as men suffer from severe obesity and, in fact, there are stages in a woman's life when weight gain and adiposity can result in greater damage to health. For example, obesity triples the chance of a woman developing gestational diabetes. Many hormones promote the metabolic adaptations of pregnancy, including progesterone, whose role in female obesity is still not well known despite being involved in many physiological and pathological processes. METHODS: Here we investigated whether progesterone treatment at low dose can worsen the glucose metabolism and the morpho functional aspects of adipose tissue and pancreas in obese females. Mice were assigned into four groups: normocaloric diet control (NO-CO), high-fat and -fructose diet control (HFF-CO), normocaloric diet plus progesterone (NO-PG) and high-fat and -fructose diet plus progesterone (HFF-PG) for 10 weeks. Infusion of progesterone (0.25 mg/kg/day) was done by osmotic minipump in the last 21 days of protocol. RESULTS: Animals fed a hypercaloric diet exhibited obesity with increased body weight (p < 0.0001), adipocyte hypertrophy (p < 0.0001), hyperglycemia (p = 0.03), and glucose intolerance (p = 0.001). HFF-CO and HFF-PG groups showed lower adiponectin concentration (p < 0.0001) and glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (p = 0.03), without differences in islet size. Progesterone attenuated glucose intolerance in the HFF-PG group (p = 0.03), however, did not change morphology or endocrine function of adipose tissue and pancreatic islets. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, our results showed that low dose of progesterone does not worsen the effects of hypercaloric diet in glycemic metabolism, morphology and function of adipose tissue and pancreatic islets in female animals. These results may improve the understanding of the mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of obesity in women and eventually open new avenues for therapeutic strategies and better comprehension of the interactions between progesterone effects and obesity.
Untangling narcolepsy and diabetes: Pathomechanisms with eyes on therapeutic options.; Narcolepsy (NA) is a primary sleep disorder characterized by loss of hypocretinergic/orexinergic neurons. NA is associated with an increased risk for metabolic disorders such as diabetes mellitus (DM). Proposed mechanisms for this association are alterations in food intake, disruption of energy balance, glucose tolerance, and insulin sensitivity, as well as inflammation and genetic factors. Orexin deficiency, is associated with increased food intake and reduced basal metabolic rate (BMR) both leading to obesity. The anti-apoptotic effect of orexin on pancreatic beta-cells, increase in peripheral insulin sensitivity, and reduced lipolysis in the adipose tissue, together confer an increased risk for obesity and type 2 DM (T2DM) in NA patients. The main pathomechanisms relating type 1 DM (T1DM) to NA involve autoimmunity and inflammation. HLA genes that confer a risk for NA, such as DQB1*0602 are protective against T1DM, while catepsin gene (CTSH) mutations are a risk factor for both NA and T1DM. Gestational DM (GDM) is associated with obesity which is a potential outcome of narcolepsy. GDM patients have lower serum orexin expression which is associated with increased fasting glucose and decreased fasting insulin. Ongoing research on the use of orexin receptor (OXR) antagonists in sleep disorders has opened a window to the pathomechanisms of NA and the potentials for OXR modulation in eating disorders and obesity. Understanding the common pathophysiological mechanisms of NA, DM and obesity could guide us in designing life-style modification programs, genetic consultations, and targeted therapies, such as immunotherapy, for obesity in NA.
Role of magnesium in patho-physiological processes and the clinical utility of magnesium ion selective electrodes.; Magnesium ions (Mg2+) are pivotal in the transfer, storage and utilization of energy; Mg2+ regulates and catalyzes some 300-odd enzyme systems in mammals. The intracellular level of free Mg2+ ([Mg2+]i) regulates intermediary metabolism, DNA and RNA synthesis and structure, cell growth, reproduction, and membrane structure. Mg2+ has numerous physiological roles among which are control of neuronal activity, cardiac excitability, neuromuscular transmission, muscular contraction, vasomotor tone, blood pressure and peripheral blood flow. Mg2+ modulates and controls cell Ca2+ entry and Ca2+ release from sarcoplasmic and endoplasmic reticular membranes. Since the turn of this century, there has been a steady and progressive decline of dietary Mg intake to where much of the Western World population is ingesting less than an optimum RDA. Geographic regions low in soil and water Mg demonstrate increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Dietary deficiency of Mg2+ results in loss of cellular K+ and gain of cellular Na+ and calcium ions (Ca2+). Blood normally contains Mg2+ bound to proteins, Mg2+ complexed to small anion ligands and free ionized Mg2+ (IMg2+). Most clinical laboratories only now assess the total Mg, which consists of all three Mg fractions. Estimation of the IMg2+ level in serum or plasma by analysis of ultrafiltrates (complexed Mg + IMg2+) is somewhat unsatisfactory, as the methods employed do not distinguish the truly ionized form from Mg2+ bound to organic and inorganic anions. Because the levels of these ligands can vary significantly in numerous pathological states, it is desirable to directly measure the levels of IMg2+ in complex matrices such as whole blood, plasma and serum. Using novel ion selective electrodes (ISE's), we have found that there is virtually no difference in IMg2+, irrespective of whether one samples whole blood, plasma or serum. These data demonstrate that the mean concentration of IMg2+ in blood is about 600 mumoles/litre (0.54-0.65 mmol/L, 95% Cl); 65-72% of total Mg being free or biologically-active Mg2+. Use of the NOVA and KONE ISE's for IMg2+ on plasma and sera from patients with a variety of pathophysiologic and disease syndromes (e.g., long-term renal transplants, liver transplants, during and before cardiac surgery, ischemic heart disease [IHD], headaches, pregnancy, neonatal period, non-insulin dependent diabetes (NIDDM), end-stage renal disease [ESRD], hemodialyse [HEM], and continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD), hypertension, myocardial infarction [AMI] and after excessive dietary intake of Mg), has revealed interesting data. The results indicate that long-term renal transplant patients, headache, pregnant, NIDDM, ESRD, HEM, CAPD, AMI, hypertensive, and IHD subjects exhibit, on the average significant depression in IMg2+ but not TMg. Use of 31P-NMR spectroscopy on red blood cells, from several of these disease states, to assess free intracellular Mg ([Mg2+]i demonstrates a high correlation (r = 0.5-0.8) between IMg2+ and [Mg2+]i. Increased dietary load of Mg, for only 6 days, in human volunteers, resulted in significant elevations in serum IMg2+ but not TMg. Correlations between the clinical course of several of the above disease syndromes and the fall in IMg2+ and [Mg2+]i were found. The ICa2+/IMg2+ ratio appears, from our data, to be an important guide for signs of peripheral vasoconstriction, ischemia or spasm and possibly atherogenesis. Overall, our data point to important uses for ISE's for IMg2+ in the diagnosis and treatment of disease states.
The Cohen diabetic rat as a model for fetal growth restriction: vitamins C and E reduce fetal oxidative stress but do not restore normal growth.; Fetal growth restriction (FGR) describes newborns that were born small for gestational age. The etiology of FGR is unknown, but it is assumed that it is the consequences of both genetic and environmental factors, and that one of the important environmental factors is oxidative stress. In this study we used the Cohen diabetic (CD) rats (sensitive and resistant strains) and the original Sabra strain fed either high sucrose low copper diet-HSD or regular diet-RD to evaluate the genetic and environmental factors contributing to FGR. In addition, we treated the pregnant rats with antioxidants (vitamins C and E added to their food) to evaluate the effects of antioxidants in the prevention of FGR and in changing the redox state of the fetuses. METHODS: The study was performed on term 21-day-old fetuses of the three strains fed RD or HSD. Fetal and placental weight and fetal crown rump length were measured. Heart, kidneys, brain and liver were also weighted and studied. The fetal and placental redox status was investigated by studying the levels of Malondialdehyde (MDA) to determine the lipid peroxidation damage and by measuring the activity of catalase (CAT) and superoxide dismutase (SOD) enzymes. Similar studies were performed following the addition of 0.1% of vitamins C and E to the diet. RESULTS: FGR in the Cohen diabetic rats is a consequence of genetic (6-20% reduction in fetal weight in the CDr and CDs compared to Sabra) and environmental (11-36% reduction in fetal weight while on HSD) factors, with greater susceptibility in the CDs diabetic rats. Increased lipid peroxidation was observed in some of the organs only in HSD, however not only in the sensitive strain. In each organ, different patterns of anti oxidant capacity were observed. The addition of antioxidants to the food significantly reduced the signs of enhanced oxidative stress in all animals but partially restored normal fetal growth only in the diabetic CDs rats. This may imply that in this model oxidative stress is apparently not a major contributor to FGR. CONCLUSIONS: Cohen diabetic rats are a good model for the study of the interaction of genetic and environmental factors in the development of FGR. Maternal nutrition can influence the antioxidant capacity of the fetal organs which is modified by antioxidants. However, FGR in our model does not seem to result primarily from enhanced oxidative stress, as it is only partially affected by the antioxidant treatment. Thus, the repeated observations of oxidative stress in SGA infants may be a resulting metabolic alteration of FGR and not the main cause.
Gestational long-term hypoxia induces metabolomic reprogramming and phenotypic transformations in fetal sheep pulmonary arteries.; Gestational long-term hypoxia increases the risk of myriad diseases in infants including persistent pulmonary hypertension. Similar to humans, fetal lamb lung development is susceptible to long-term intrauterine hypoxia, with structural and functional changes associated with the development of pulmonary hypertension including pulmonary arterial medial wall thickening and dysregulation of arterial reactivity, which culminates in decreased right ventricular output. To further explore the mechanisms associated with hypoxia-induced aberrations in the fetal sheep lung, we examined the premise that metabolomic changes and functional phenotypic transformations occur due to intrauterine, long-term hypoxia. To address this, we performed electron microscopy, Western immunoblotting, calcium imaging, and metabolomic analyses on pulmonary arteries isolated from near-term fetal lambs that had been exposed to low- or high-altitude (3,801 m) hypoxia for the latter 110+ days of gestation. Our results demonstrate that the sarcoplasmic reticulum was swollen with high luminal width and distances to the plasma membrane in the hypoxic group. Hypoxic animals were presented with higher endoplasmic reticulum stress and suppressed calcium storage. Metabolically, hypoxia was associated with lower levels of multiple omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids and derived lipid mediators (e.g., eicosapentaenoic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, α-linolenic acid, 5-hydroxyeicosapentaenoic acid (5-HEPE), 12-HEPE, 15-HEPE, prostaglandin E3, and 19(20)-epoxy docosapentaenoic acid) and higher levels of some omega-6 metabolites (P < 0.02) including 15-keto prostaglandin E2 and linoleoylglycerol. Collectively, the results reveal broad evidence for long-term hypoxia-induced metabolic reprogramming and phenotypic transformations in the pulmonary arteries of fetal sheep, conditions that likely contribute to the development of persistent pulmonary hypertension.
Increased accumulation of the glycoxidation product N(epsilon)-(carboxymethyl)lysine in human tissues in diabetes and aging.; N(epsilon)-(Carboxymethyl)lysine (CML), a major product of oxidative modification of glycated proteins, has been suggested to represent a general marker of oxidative stress and long-term damage to proteins in aging, atherosclerosis, and diabetes. To investigate the occurrence and distribution of CML in humans an antiserum specifically recognizing protein-bound CML was generated. The oxidative formation of CML from glycated proteins was reduced by lipoic acid, aminoguanidine, superoxide dismutase, catalase, and particularly vitamin E and desferrioxamine. Immunolocalization of CML in skin, lung, heart, kidney, intestine, intervertebral discs, and particularly in arteries provided evidence for an age-dependent increase in CML accumulation in distinct locations, and acceleration of this process in diabetes. Intense staining of the arterial wall and particularly the elastic membrane was found. High levels of CML modification were observed within atherosclerotic plaques and in foam cells. The preferential location of CML immunoreactivity in lesions may indicate the contribution of glycoxidation to the processes occurring in diabetes and aging. Additionally, we found increased CML content in serum proteins in diabetic patients. The strong dependence of CML formation on oxidative conditions together with the increased occurrence of CML in diabetic serum and tissue proteins suggest a role for CML as endogenous biomarker for oxidative damage.
Telencephalosynapsis (synencephaly) and rhombencephalosynapsis with posterior fossa ventriculocele ('Dandy-Walker cyst'): an unusual aberrant syngenetic complex.; Agenesis of the cerebellar vermis (paleocerebellar agenesis) with fusion of the cerebellar hemispheres (rhombencephalosynapsis) is a rare malformation of the central nervous system (CNS). Its combination with synencephaly (telencephalosynapsis), telencephalic ventricular aplasia, aqueductal atresia and cystic fourth ventricle has not yet been described, as far as we know. Here, we report this combination in a 23-weeks' gestation male fetus who was aborted to a 24-year-old diabetic mother. In this fetus with cerebral and cerebellar hemispheric fusion, vermian agenesis was associated with a Dandy-Walker-like posterior fossa cyst, in spite of the fusion of the hypoplastic cerebellar hemispheres. The CNS malformations were further accompanied by dysmorphic facial stigmata such as unilateral atresia of the external ear, ocular hypertelorism and a broad nasal bridge. Preaxial polydactyly and contractures of the upper limbs were the only associated non-cranial abnormalities. Cytogenetic studies revealed a numerically and structurally normal male (46, XY). The malformation complex described in this fetus of a mother with antedating pregnancy diabetes appears to represent a previously undescribed aberrant syngenetic CNS phenotype, some basic teratogenetic aspects of which will be discussed in this paper.
[Intrauterine nutrition].; Foetal or intrauterine nutrition is a subject of increasing interest. There are two main reasons for this. The first one is the observation that being born small for gestational age is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes later in life. The second one is the discovery that nutritional factors directly influence activity of genes. If nutritional inadequacies in the foetal period permanently alter the expression of genes, the individual's susceptibility to perinatal complications and diseases later in life may be altered. The main causes of intrauterine malnutrition are poor maternal diet, placental insufficiency, and impaired foetal usage of nutrients. The consequences of foetal malnutrition may include intrauterine growth retardation, congenital malformation, a variety of neurological dysfunctions, susceptibility to birth asphyxia, and diseases later in life; all of these are important determinants of health throughout life.
Gestational 30% and 40% fat diets increase brain GLUT2 and neuropeptide Y immunoreactivity in neonatal Wistar rats.; Adverse maternal nutrition induces developmental programming in progeny thereby predisposing them to metabolic disease. The aim of the study was to determine whether maternal diets, with varying fat percentages as energy, alter the expression of factors associated with brain glucose sensing (glucose transporter 2 and glucokinase) and the feeding response (neuropeptide Y and leptin). Pregnant dams were maintained on diets of 10% (control), 20% (20F), 30% (30F) and 40% (40F) fat as energy throughout gestation. In 1-day-old neonatal offspring, anthropometric measurements were recorded. Whole neonatal brain was rapidly excised, weighed and either snap-frozen at -80°C for quantitative RT-PCR or fixed in formalin for immunohistochemical analysis. Brain glucose transporter 2, glucokinase, neuropeptide Y and leptin mRNA expression and immunoreactivity were determined in neonates. In the 20F neonates increases in body weight, head circumference and crown to rump length concomitant with reduced glucokinase immunoreactivity were found. The 30F neonates displayed increases in body weight, head length, head width, crown to rump length and immunoreactivity for both glucose transporter 2 and neuropeptide Y. The 40F neonates also demonstrated increased glucose transporter 2 and neuropeptide Y immunoreactivity. Fetal exposure to a gestational diet with 30% or 40% fat as energy results in increased immunoreactivity for brain glucose transporter 2 and neuropeptide Y, suggesting a programming effect of these diets that may represent an early event of obesity.
A Diagnostic Approach to Stroke in Young Adults.; Optimal diagnosis and management of stroke in young adults benefit from a multidisciplinary team, including a vascular neurology specialist. In addition to the "standard" vascular risk factors including smoking, hypertension, diabetes, and hyperlipidemia, one needs to consider alternative etiologies including substance abuse, carotid/vertebral artery dissections, and rare genetic conditions among others. Once a young patient is determined to have had a stroke, the next question a clinician should ask is why did this patient have a stroke? A "heart to head" diagnostic approach is recommended. A thorough history is performed, including a detailed family history with specific annotations on each family member. A thorough physical examination is necessary including a careful evaluation of the patient's general appearance, noting any joint laxity, and/or abnormalities of the skin, eyes, and heart. Findings across multiple organ systems in the patient and/or their family may indicate a genetic etiology. After an initial head CT rules out hemorrhagic stroke, additional testing should include a brain MRI, neck and cerebral vascular imaging (e.g., CTA for head and neck), transthoracic echocardiogram with a bubble study, telemetry monitoring, basic risk factor blood work (e.g., lipid panel, hemoglobin A1c, TSH, ESR, CRP, RPR, HIV, and toxicology screen), and, when appropriate, sickle screen and pregnancy test. There should be a low threshold to obtain blood cultures or a lumbar puncture. The acute treatment of ischemic stroke in young adult patients does not differ from treatment of older adults, using intravenous alteplase within 4.5 h, assuming no contraindications. In suspected proximal large artery occlusive disease, interventional clot extraction procedures should be employed in patients deemed eligible. Long-term secondary prevention strategies aimed to reduce recurrent stroke risk by targeting and modifying vascular risk factors should be instituted. The mainstay of preventative therapy is aspirin for most etiologies; however, for atrial fibrillation, anticoagulation is recommended. Statin therapy is another pharmacologic intervention recommended in most stroke patients. Other measures employed are blood pressure reduction, smoking cessation, optimal glucose control in diabetic patients, the initiation of a healthy diet and regular exercise, and lastly, substance abuse counseling in appropriate patients.
Pathophysiology of insulin resistance in subjects born small for gestational age.; Over the last 15 years, a number of long-term health risks associated with reduced fetal growth have been identified, including cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, dyslipidaemia and type 2 diabetes. A common feature of these conditions is insulin resistance, which is thought to play a pathogenic role. However, despite abundant data in the literature, it is still difficult to trace the pathway by which fetal events, environmental or not, may lead to increased morbidity later in life. To explain this association, several hypotheses have been proposed pointing to the role of a detrimental fetal environment, a genetic susceptibility or an interaction between the two, and of the particular dynamic changes in adiposity that occur during catch-up growth. The relative impact of early postnatal events in relation to fetal growth has to be considered for designing health policy strategies for early interventions aimed at decreasing disease risk throughout life.
Second international consensus report on gaps and opportunities for the clinical translation of precision diabetes medicine.; Precision medicine is part of the logical evolution of contemporary evidence-based medicine that seeks to reduce errors and optimize outcomes when making medical decisions and health recommendations. Diabetes affects hundreds of millions of people worldwide, many of whom will develop life-threatening complications and die prematurely. Precision medicine can potentially address this enormous problem by accounting for heterogeneity in the etiology, clinical presentation and pathogenesis of common forms of diabetes and risks of complications. This second international consensus report on precision diabetes medicine summarizes the findings from a systematic evidence review across the key pillars of precision medicine (prevention, diagnosis, treatment, prognosis) in four recognized forms of diabetes (monogenic, gestational, type 1, type 2). These reviews address key questions about the translation of precision medicine research into practice. Although not complete, owing to the vast literature on this topic, they revealed opportunities for the immediate or near-term clinical implementation of precision diabetes medicine; furthermore, we expose important gaps in knowledge, focusing on the need to obtain new clinically relevant evidence. Gaps include the need for common standards for clinical readiness, including consideration of cost-effectiveness, health equity, predictive accuracy, liability and accessibility. Key milestones are outlined for the broad clinical implementation of precision diabetes medicine.
A Rare Case of Fetal Cardiac Hypertrophy Developing into Acute Circulatory Insufficiency and Fetal Compromise in Type 1 Diabetic Pregnancy.; Fetal cardiac hypertrophy (CH) in pregnant women with diabetes is believed to be a benign condition. We encountered a rare case of fetal CH in a pregnant woman with type 1 diabetes, which developed into severe fetal circulatory insufficiency and acidemia. Fetal echocardiography at 37-week gestation showed cardiomegaly with a ventricular hypertrophy. Cardiac function was impaired, and pulsed Doppler findings indicated circulatory failure. The patient was diagnosed with fetal compromise due to fetal CH, and a large for gestational age boy was delivered by an urgent cesarean section. Despite myocardial hyperplasia and left ventricular outflow tract stenosis, the neonate was hemodynamically stabilized by fluid resuscitation alone. Although the neonatal course was favorable, we speculated that the neonate was on the verge of death because he was already acidemic at birth. Therefore, comprehensive fetal echocardiography should be performed in pregnant women with diabetes, and clinicians should not miss the optimal timing of delivery.
Circulating GLP-1 in infants born small-for-gestational-age: breast-feeding versus formula-feeding.; Prenatal growth restraint associates with the risk for later diabetes, particularly if such restraint is followed by postnatal formula-feeding (FOF) rather than breast-feeding (BRF). Circulating incretins can influence the neonatal programming of hypothalamic setpoints for appetite and energy expenditure, and are thus candidate mediators of the long-term effects exerted by early nutrition. We have tested this concept by measuring (at birth and at age 4 months) the circulating concentrations of glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) in BRF infants born appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA; n=63) and in small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants receiving either BRF (n=28) or FOF (n=26). At birth, concentrations of GLP-1 were similar in AGA and SGA infants. At 4 months, pre-feeding GLP-1 concentrations were higher than at birth; SGA-BRF infants had GLP-1 concentrations similar to those in AGA-BRF infants but SGA-FOF infants had higher concentrations. In conclusion, nutrition appears to influence the circulating GLP-1 concentrations in SGA infants and may thereby modulate long-term diabetes risk.
Maternal obesity impairs hippocampal BDNF production and spatial learning performance in young mouse offspring.; Maternal obesity may affect the child's long-term development and health, increasing the risk of diabetes and metabolic syndrome. In addition to the metabolic and endocrine systems, recent reports have indicated that maternal obesity also modulates neural circuit formation in the offspring. However, this not yet been fully investigated. Here, we examined the effect of diet-induced maternal obesity on hippocampal development and function in the mouse offspring. Adult female mice were fed either a normal diet (ND, 4% fat) or a high-fat diet (HFD, 32% fat) before mating and throughout pregnancy and lactation. After weaning, all offspring were fed with a normal diet. We found that HFD offspring showed increased lipid peroxidation in the hippocampus during early postnatal development. HFD offspring had less brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in the hippocampus than ND offspring. BDNF has been shown to play crucial roles in neuronal differentiation, plasticity and hippocampus-dependent cognitive functions such as spatial learning and memory. Using retroviral labeling, we demonstrated that dendritic arborization of new hippocampal neurons was impaired in the young HFD offspring. Finally, we evaluated cognitive function in these offspring using hippocampus-dependent behavioral tasks. The Barnes maze test demonstrated that HFD offspring showed impaired acquisition of spatial learning in the young but not adult period. This study, using a mouse model, indicates that diet-induced maternal obesity impairs hippocampal BDNF production and spatial cognitive function in young offspring, possibly due to their metabolic and oxidative changes.
IGFBP-4 and PAPP-A in normal physiology and disease.; Insulin-like growth factor (IGF) binding protein-4 (IGFBP-4) is a modulator of the IGF system, exerting both inhibitory and stimulatory effects on IGF-induced cellular growth. IGFBP-4 is the principal substrate for the enzyme pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A). Through IGF-dependent cleavage of IGFBP-4 in the vicinity of the IGF receptor, PAPP-A is able to increase IGF bioavailability and stimulate IGF-mediated growth. Recently, the stanniocalcins (STCs) were identified as novel inhibitors of PAPP-A proteolytic activity, hereby adding additional members to the seemingly endless list of proteins belonging to the IGF family. Our understanding of these proteins has advanced throughout recent years, and there is evidence to suggest that the role of IGFBP-4 and PAPP-A in defining the relationship between total IGF and IGF bioactivity can be linked to a number of pathological conditions. This review provides an overview of the experimental and clinical findings on the IGFBP-4/PAPP-A/STC axis as a regulator of IGF activity and examines the conundrum surrounding extrapolation of circulating concentrations to tissue action of these proteins. The primary focus will be on the biological significance of IGFBP-4 and PAPP-A in normal physiology and in pathophysiology with emphasis on metabolic disorders, cardiovascular diseases, and cancer. Finally, the review assesses current new trajectories of IGFBP-4 and PAPP-A research.
First Trimester Cardiac Biomarkers among Women with Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: Are There Early Clues to This Late-Pregnancy Phenomenon?; OBJECTIVE: Whether biomarkers may enable early identification of women who develop peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) prior to disease onset remains a question of interest. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective nested case-control study was conducted to determine whether first trimester N-terminal pro-B type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) or high sensitivity cardiac troponin I (hs-cTnI) differed among women who developed PPCM versus unaffected pregnancies. Cases were matched to unaffected women by age, race, parity, and gestational age of sample (control A) and then further by blood pressure and pregnancy weight gain (control B). RESULTS: First trimester NT-proBNP concentrations were numerically higher among women who subsequently developed PPCM (116 pg/mL [83-177]) as compared with women in control A (56.1 pg/mL [38.7-118.7], p = 0.3) or control B (37.6 [23.3 - 53.8], p <0.05). A higher proportion of women who subsequently developed PPCM (50%) had detectable levels of hs-cTnI as compared with control A (0%, p = 0.03) or control B (18.8%, p = 0.52). Among both cases and controls, hs-cTnI values were low and often below the limit of detection. CONCLUSION: There were differences in first trimester NT-proBNP and hs-cTnI concentrations between women who subsequently developed PPCM and those who did not, raising the possibility the early pregnancy subclinical myocardial dysfunction may be associated with this late-pregnancy disease. KEY POINTS: · First trimester NT-proBNP is numerically higher among women who subsequently develop PPCM.. · First trimester hs-cTnI was nominally higher among women who developed PPCM versus those who did not.. · A significant proportion of normal pregnant women have undetectable hs-cTnI..
Clinical and temporal characterization of COVID-19 subgroups using patient vector embeddings of electronic health records.; OBJECTIVE: To identify and characterize clinical subgroups of hospitalized Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Electronic health records of hospitalized COVID-19 patients at NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia University Irving Medical Center were temporally sequenced and transformed into patient vector representations using Paragraph Vector models. K-means clustering was performed to identify subgroups. RESULTS: A diverse cohort of 11 313 patients with COVID-19 and hospitalizations between March 2, 2020 and December 1, 2021 were identified; median [IQR] age: 61.2 [40.3-74.3]; 51.5% female. Twenty subgroups of hospitalized COVID-19 patients, labeled by increasing severity, were characterized by their demographics, conditions, outcomes, and severity (mild-moderate/severe/critical). Subgroup temporal patterns were characterized by the durations in each subgroup, transitions between subgroups, and the complete paths throughout the course of hospitalization. DISCUSSION: Several subgroups had mild-moderate severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infections but were hospitalized for underlying conditions (pregnancy, cardiovascular disease [CVD], etc.). Subgroup 7 included solid organ transplant recipients who mostly developed mild-moderate or severe disease. Subgroup 9 had a history of type-2 diabetes, kidney and CVD, and suffered the highest rates of heart failure (45.2%) and end-stage renal disease (80.6%). Subgroup 13 was the oldest (median: 82.7 years) and had mixed severity but high mortality (33.3%). Subgroup 17 had critical disease and the highest mortality (64.6%), with age (median: 68.1 years) being the only notable risk factor. Subgroups 18-20 had critical disease with high complication rates and long hospitalizations (median: 40+ days). All subgroups are detailed in the full text. A chord diagram depicts the most common transitions, and paths with the highest prevalence, longest hospitalizations, lowest and highest mortalities are presented. Understanding these subgroups and their pathways may aid clinicians in their decisions for better management and earlier intervention for patients.
OS084. Maternal haemodynamics at 11-13 weeks of gestation and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; INTRODUCTION: Women who develop adverse pregnancy outcomes are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In individuals with cardiovascular disorders there is increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBPAo) and arterial stiffness. OBJECTIVES: The hypothesis is that increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness are apparent before the clinical onset of adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS: This was a prospective study in singleton pregnancies at 11(+0)-13(+6) weeks' gestation. Pulse wave velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AIx) and SBPAo were measured. At the same visit, we recorded maternal characteristics and medical history and performed combined screening for aneuploidies. We also measured the uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index (PI). The study outcomes included preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GDM), small for gestational age (SGA) and preterm delivery (PTD). The diagnosis of PE and GH was made according to the guidelines of the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. The neonate was considered SGA if the birth weight was less than the 5th percentile for gestation at delivery. The diagnosis of GDM was made if the fasting plasma glucose level was at least 6 mmol/L or the plasma glucose level 2 h after oral administration of 75 g glucose was 7.8 mmol/L or more (WHO). We compared these parameters in those that developed PE (n=181), GDM (n=105), GH (n=137), SGA (n=337), PTD prior to 37 weeks' gestation (n=354) with unaffected controls (n=6,766). Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of AIx-75, PWV and SBPAo. Each value was expressed as a multiple of the median (MoM) after adjustment for those characteristics. Pearson correlation analysis was used to examine the association between log10AIx-75 MoM, log10PWV MoM, log10 SBPAo MoM, log10uterine artery PI MoM and log10PAPP-A MoM with gestational age at delivery. RESULTS: In the PE group there was an increase in AIx-75 (1.13, IQR 0.96-1.33 MoM vs 1.00, IQR 0.87-1.16 MoM, p<0.0001), PWV (1.11, IQR 0.97-1.17 MoM vs 1.00, IQR 0.90-1.12 MoM, p<0.0001), and SBPAo (1.09, IQR 1.02-1.20 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.94-1.08 MoM, p<0.0001). In those that subsequently developed GH, compared to unaffected controls, there was no significant difference in the uterine artery PI, PAPP-A or PWV but AIx-75 and SBPAo were increased (p<0.0001). In the GDM group there was an increase in PWV (1.06, IQR 0.96-1.19 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.90-1.13 MoM, p=0.001) and SBPAo (1.03, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00, IQR 0.94-1.08, p<0.0001), but no significant difference in the AIx-75 (1.02, IQR 0.89-1.22 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.87-1.17 MoM, p=0.118). Compared to women who had term delivery, women who had iatrogenic PTD had significantly higher AIx-75 (1.08, IQR 0.91-1.27 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.86-1.16 MoM, p<0.001) and SBPAo (1.06 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.15 vs. 1.00, IQR 0.93-1.07, p<0.001). CONCLUSION: A high proportion of women who develop PE, GDM or iatrogenic PTD have increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness that is apparent from the first trimester of pregnancy.
Inflammatory Determinants of Pregravid Obesity in Placenta and Peripheral Blood.; Pre-pregnancy (pregravid) obesity has been linked to several adverse health outcomes for both mother and offspring. Complications during pregnancy include increased risk for gestational diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, placental abruption, and difficulties during delivery. Several studies suggest that these negative outcomes are mediated by heightened systemic inflammation as well as changes in placental development and function. However, the molecular mechanisms by which pregravid obesity affects these processes are poorly understood. In this study, we aimed to address this question by carrying out a comprehensive analysis of the systemic maternal immune system coupled with placental gene expression and microbial profiling at term delivery (11 lean and 14 obese). Specifically, we examined the impact of pregravid obesity on circulating cytokines, chemokine, adipokines, and growth factors using multiplex Luminex assay. Innate and adaptive immune cell frequencies and their cytokine production in response to stimuli were measured using flow cytometry. Finally, changes in placental transcriptome and microbiome were profiled using RNA- and 16S-sequencing, respectively. Pregravid obesity is characterized by insulin and leptin resistance, high levels of circulating inflammatory markers IL-6 and CRP, in addition to chemokine IL-8 (p < 0.01). Moreover, pregravid obesity was associated with lower frequency of naïve CD4+ T-cells (p < 0.05), increased frequency of memory CD4+ T-cells (p < 0.01), and a shift towards Th2 cytokine production (p = 0.05). Myeloid cells from the obese cohort produced higher levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines but lower levels of chemokines following TLR stimulation (p < 0.05). Lastly, pregravid obesity is associated with increased abundance of Bacteroides and changes in the expression of genes important for nutrient transport and immunity (FDR < 0.05). Collectively, these data indicate that pregravid obesity is associated with heightened systemic inflammation and of dysregulated nutrient transport in the placenta and provide insight into the basis of fetal reprogramming.
Endoglin (CD105) immuno-expression in human foetal and neonatal lungs.; Endoglin is a 180 KDa glycoprotein mainly expressed on endothelial cells of newly formed vessels. Its expression is increased by the hypoxia inducible factor 1 (HIF-1), a potent stimulator of VEGF expression. The relative hypoxic environment in which foetal lung develops favours HIF-1 dependent gene expression, including the endoglin and VEGF ones. Herein, we analysed endoglin immunoexpression in the human neonatal and foetal lung throughout gestation. Lungs from 18 foetuses (9-41 weeks), 7 preterm and 2 term infants were submitted to the immunohistochemical study. A slight immunostaining was found in some mesenchymal aggregates in the lungs of foetuses at the first trimester of pregnancy. At mid gestation, endoglin was evidenced in peri-tubular mesenchymal stem cells or in peri-canalicular vessels and in the endothelia of peri-bronchial vessels; by contrast, no immunoreaction was observed in case of Down syndrome or in a foetus with cardiac malformations. At late gestation and in preterm infants, endoglin antibody labelled endothelia of the alveolar capillaries and of peri-bronchial vessels. In case of alveolar capillary dysplasia (ACD) or macrosomy associated with maternal diabetes, endoglin expression was restricted to peri-bronchial vessels; no immunoreaction was encountered in foetuses with IUGR (intra-uterine growth restriction) or massive pulmonary haemorrhage. Lungs of term infants both displayed atelectasis; there was no evidence of endoglin immunoexpression in one case, whereby only the endothelia of peri-bronchial vessels were stained in the other. Our study suggests that lung vasculogenesis endures throughout gestation. Absence of endoglin staining in some pathologic conditions may reflect lung vasculogenesis disorders; nonetheless, since each pathologic state is represented by a single case in our cohort, further studies are required to clarify this issue.
Gene expression profiling of placentae from women with obesity and obstructive sleep apnoea.; INTRODUCTION: Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA), a condition characterised by intermittent hypoxia and reoxygenation during sleep, is associated with an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes including gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The biological mechanisms of these associations are poorly understood. The impact of OSA on placental function has not been well characterised. METHODS: We performed 3' mRNA sequencing on placenta from women with obesity and OSA (n = 11) and women with obesity and no OSA (n = 9). RESULTS: After correcting for multiple testing, there were no statistically significant differences in gene expression between OSA and no OSA groups (adjusted p < 0.05). In unadjusted analyses, 101 genes were differentially expressed in OSA compared to no OSA placentae (p < 0.01). In Reactome pathway and GO term analysis, this included downregulation of genes involved in O-linked glycosylation (B3GNT5 and B3GNT8) and Wnt signalling (TRABD2B and FRZB) pathways. In gene set enrichment analysis, genes within 24 pathways had a non-random distribution in OSA compared to no OSA placentae (adjusted p < 0.05). This included an increase in genes relating to the reversible hydration of carbon dioxide in OSA placentae, a potential novel mechanism contributing to the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with OSA. DISCUSSION: There is overall similarity in the placental transcriptome of women with obesity who do and do not have OSA during pregnancy. Alterations in the reversible hydration of carbon dioxide are a potential mechanism contributing to the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes in maternal OSA, however this finding requires validation in larger cohorts.
[Adolescent health: a population-based study in Campinas, São Paulo State, Brazil].; We estimated the prevalence of chronic diseases and other health problems reported by adolescents in relation to social and demographic variables and nutritional status. This cross-sectional population-based survey analyzed data from the Health Survey in Campinas, São Paulo State, Brazil, 2008. We used descriptive statistics and associations between variables with the chisquare test. Prevalence of chronic diseases among adolescents was 19.17%, with asthma showing the highest prevalence (7.59%), followed by heart disease (1.96%), hypertension (1.07%), and diabetes 0.21%. Prevalence rates were 61.53% for health problems, 40.39% for allergy, and 24.83% for frequent headache or migraine. After multivariate analysis using Poisson regression, the factors associated with chronic disease were age 15 to 19 years (PR = 1.38), not attending school (PR = 1.46), having children (PR = 1.84), and obesity (PR = 1.54). Female gender (PR = 1.12) was statistically associated with health problems. The study illustrates that adolescence is a life stage in which chronic disease and health problems can occur.
Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor in Behçet's disease.; INTRODUCTION: Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) is a procarboxypeptidase downregulating plasmin formation, thereby causing a tendency for thrombosis development. Since, Behçet's disease (BD) is a systemic vasculitis, which is commonly complicated by arterial and venous thrombosis, we aimed to find out plasma TAFI levels in BD, compared with healthy controls. We also searched whether plasma TAFI levels were significantly different between Behçet's subgroups with and without thrombosis. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this study, 105 BD patients (M/F: 64/41; mean age 36+/-1 years), followed up by Ege University Rheumatology Department were enrolled. The exclusion criteria were hemophilia, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus, hepatic diseases renal failure, antiphospholipid positivity, oral contraceptive use and pregnancy. Age-and sex-matched healthy controls (n=53) were also included. Plasma TAFI levels were measured by ELISA. Since TAFI is also an acute-phase reactant, we also measured other inflammatory markers such as C-reactive protein (CRP). RESULTS: Plasma TAFI levels were significantly higher in Behçet's patients (91.1+/-7.4 ng/ml) compared with healthy controls (14.3+/-4.5 ng/ml) (P<0.001), but there were no significant difference between the subgroups with and without thrombosis. In BD, there was no correlation between plasma TAFI levels and CRP. CONCLUSIONS: Regardless of manifest thrombosis, plasma TAFI levels in BD were significantly higher than in healthy controls. High TAFI levels might possibly contribute to the thrombotic tendency in BD. Future studies investigating TAFI gene polymorphism and functional activity are clearly needed, to clarify the exact role of TAFI in Behçet's thrombosis.
Early detection of oral health status and cardiometabolic risk factors among reproductive-aged women in rural areas: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Oral health status is associated with many chronic ailments, including diseases of the cardiovascular system, diabetes, as well as pregnancy complications, such as low birth weight, preterm delivery, preeclampsia, and early pregnancy loss. The health status of reproductive-aged women is important, not only for the women themselves, but also for the health of fetus. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to explore cardiometabolic risk factors, oral health status, and associated factors among reproductive-aged women. METHODS: The current study is a preliminary report from a nurse-led longitudinal study, examining a health promotion program for women in a rural region of Taiwan. Participants consisted of a community-based, cross-sectional sample, involving 2547 women aged 20-49 years. RESULTS: A high percentage of participants were found to have cardiometabolic risk factors. More than one-quarter had ⩽24 remaining teeth. Many participants reported that they did not regularly attend dental checkups and tooth scaling, did not brush at least twice a day after meals, did not have a healthy diet, and did not exercise regularly. The results also indicated that women with <20 remaining teeth tended to be older, engaged in substance use, and displayed increased cardiometabolic risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: The findings indicate that reproductive-aged women show a high prevalence of tooth loss, cardiometabolic risk factors, and unhealthy habits. Nurses in the primary health sectors could reduce the consequences of these risk factors and improve oral health through the early detection and initiation of health-promoting programs that reduce risky behavior associated with cardiometabolic diseases.
Type 2 diabetes control and complications and their relation to serum magnesium level.; INTRODUCTION: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a growing health problem nationally and worldwide. Magnesium is an important mineral that is essential for a wide range of metabolic reactions. Here, our primary goal was to determine the prevalence of hypomagnesemia and its relationship to glycemic control, cardiovascular markers, and T2D-related complications. MATERIAL AND METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed from September 2015 to March 2017 including adult patients with T2D who attended the Endocrine and Diabetes Center, Taif, Saudi Arabia. Those with known hypomagnesemia, patients with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, patients with end-stage renal disease, and those on magnesium supplementations were excluded. Those with a serum magnesium level < 0.7 mmol/l were considered to have hypomagnesemia. Otherwise, patients were considered to have a normal serum Mg level. RESULTS: A total of 285 patients with a mean age of 59.4 ±12.7 years were enrolled. The majority of patients were female, with long-standing T2D, with a mean body mass index in the obesity category, and most of them had comorbid conditions. Twenty-eight percent of the screened T2D patients had hypomagnesemia and this group were more likely to have a bachelor degree (p = 0.034), to be on metformin, statin, and glargine insulin (all p < 0.05), have worse glycemic control (p < 0.05), and a higher pulse rate (p = 0.039), but were less likely to be on diet control (p = 0.034) when compared to those with a normal Mg level. CONCLUSIONS: Almost one-third of the screened T2D patients have hypomagnesemia. Hypomagnesemia was associated with the treatment modalities, worse glycemic control, and with peripheral artery disease.
Augmented dilation to nitric oxide in uterine arteries from rats with type 2 diabetes: implications for vascular adaptations to pregnancy.; Pre-existing diabetes increases the risk of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy, which may be due to underlying maternal vascular dysfunction and impaired blood supply to the uteroplacental unit. Endothelial dysfunction and reduced vascular smooth muscle responsiveness to nitric oxide (NO) are common vascular impairments in type 2 diabetes (T2D). We hypothesized that uterine arteries from diabetic rats would have reduced vascular smooth muscle sensitivity to NO compared with nondiabetic rats due to impairment in the NO/soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC)/cGMP signaling pathway. Uterine arteries from pregnant Goto-Kakizaki (GK; model of T2D) and Wistar (nondiabetic) rats were studied in a wire myograph. GK nonpregnant uterine arteries had reduced responses to ACh and sodium nitroprusside (SNP) but increased responses to propylamine propylamine NONOate and greater sensitivity to sildenafil compared with Wistar nonpregnant arteries. In late pregnancy, Wistar rats had reduced uterine vascular smooth muscle responsiveness to SNP, but GK rats failed to show this adaptation and had reduced expression of sGC compared with the nonpregnant state. GK rats had a smaller litter size (13.9 ± 0.48 vs. 9.8 ± 0.75; P < 0.05) and a greater number of resorptions compared with Wistar controls (0.8 ± 0.76% vs. 19.9 ± 6.06%; P < 0.05). These results suggest that uterine arteries from rats with T2D show reduced sensitivity of uterine vascular smooth muscle sGC to NO. During pregnancy, the GK uterine vascular smooth muscle fails to show relaxation responses similar to those of arteries from nondiabetic rats.
Evidence-based and potential benefits of metformin in the polycystic ovary syndrome: a comprehensive review.; Metformin is an insulin sensitizer widely used for the treatment of patients affected by type 2 diabetes mellitus. Because many women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are insulin resistant, metformin was introduced in clinical practice to treat these patients also. Moreover, metformin's effect has other targets beside its insulin-sensitizing action. The present review was aimed at describing all evidence-based and potential uses of metformin in PCOS patients. In particular, we will analyze the uses of metformin not only for the treatment of all PCOS-related disturbances such as menstrual disorders, anovulatory infertility, increased abortion, or complicated pregnancy risk, hyperandrogenism, endometrial, metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities, but also for the prevention of the syndrome.
Recurrence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: results from a nationwide prospective cohort study (CONCEPTION).; OBJECTIVE: To assess the risk of gestational hypertension (GH) and pre-eclampsia (PE) during a second pregnancy after occurrence during a first pregnancy. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: CONCEPTION is a French nationwide cohort study that used data from the National Health Data System (SNDS) database. METHODS: We included all women who gave birth for the first time in France in 2010-2018 and who subsequently gave birth. We identified GH and PE through hospital diagnoses and the dispensing of anti-hypertensive drugs. The incidence rate ratios (IRR) of all hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) during the second pregnancy were estimated using Poisson models adjusted for confounding. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Incidence rate ratios of HDP during the second pregnancy. RESULTS: Of the 2 829 274 women included, 238 506 (8.4%) were diagnosed with HDP during their first pregnancy. In women with GH during their first pregnancy, 11.3% (IRR 4.5, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.4-4.7) and 3.4% (IRR 5.0, 95% CI 4.8-5.3) developed GH and PE during their second pregnancy, respectively. In women with PE during their first pregnancy, 7.4% (IRR 2.6, 95% CI 2.5-2.7) and 14.7% (IRR 14.3, 95% CI 13.6-15.0) developed GH and PE during their second pregnancy, respectively. The more severe and earlier the PE during the first pregnancy, the stronger the likelihood of having PE during the second pregnancy. Maternal age, social deprivation, obesity, diabetes and chronic hypertension were all associated with PE recurrence. CONCLUSION: These results can guide policymaking that focuses on improving counselling for women who wish to become pregnant more than once, by identifying those who would benefit more from tailored management of modifiable risk factors, and heightened surveillance during post-first pregnancies.
Second trimester abnormal uterine artery Dopplers and adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes when PAPP-a is normal.; OBJECTIVES: To explore the association between abnormal uterine artery Dopplers (combined PI > 2.5) - with normal PAPP-A - and adverse obstetric/neonatal outcomes. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of 800 patients between 1 March 2019 - 23 November 2021 in a tertiary UK hospital, where it is routine to measure uterine artery Dopplers of all pregnancies during their anomaly scans. 400 nulliparous women/birthing people with complete data were included. 400 nulliparous controls scanned in the same time frame (1.5 years) with normal PAPP-A and uterine artery Dopplers were matched for age and BMI. Outcomes included: mode of birth, postpartum complications, birth weight/centile, Apgar score, gestational age at delivery, neonatal unit admission, and clinical neonatal hypoglycemia. Multivariable analysis was used. RESULTS: Compared to controls, pregnancies with abnormal uterine artery Dopplers and normal PAPP-A were at increased risk of induction (46.5% vs 35.5%, p = .042), cesarean section (46.0% vs 38.0%, p = .002), emergency cesarean section (35.0% vs 26.5%, p = .009), and pre-eclampsia 5.8% vs 2.5%, p = .021). Their babies were more likely to be admitted to the neonatal unit - mostly for prematurity (15.3% vs 6.3%, p = .0004), hypoglycemia (4.0% vs 1.0%, p = .007), be small for gestational age (26.5% vs 11.5%, p = .0001), had intrauterine growth restriction (10.8% vs 1.3%, p = .0001), and be born prematurely (10.0% vs 3.5%, p = .002). Routine measurement of uterine artery Dopplers increased the detection rate of small for gestational age fetuses by 15.1%. Over half of the babies admitted with neonatal hypoglycemia in pregnancies with abnormal uterine artery Dopplers had an unexplained cause. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies with abnormal uterine Dopplers are not only at increased risk of pre-eclampsia and small for gestational age fetuses/intrauterine growth restriction, but are also at increased risk of emergency cesarean section and adverse neonatal outcomes. The increased incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia is likely driven to some degree by prematurity and placental complications, but possibly also by undiagnosed glucose dysmetabolism. This may warrant routine measurement of uterine artery Dopplers in all pregnancies (regardless of risk), where feasible, to aid antenatal management and counseling.
The concept of "risk" and the emerging discipline of periodontal medicine.; Dental clinicians intuitively weigh patient risks for developing disease and use that information for making treatment decisions and recommendations. Periodontitis, for instance, is one oral disease with documented risk factors including smoking, specific plaque bacteria and diabetes mellitus. While this link between systemic disease and periodontitis was thought to be unidirectional, mounting evidence in the last decade suggests that the relationship may be bi-directional. Cross sectional and case control studies indicate that periodontitis may confer two and seven-fold elevations in risk for cardiovascular disease and premature low birth weight respectively. While these early studies indicate potential associations between oral and systemic health, they support the central hypothesis that periodontitis triggers both local and systemic host inflammatory responses. Consequently, a new discipline, periodontal medicine, has emerged in dentistry which seeks to further define these interrelationships through scientific inquiry. Ultimately, this new knowledge may prove useful in intervention strategies to reduce patient risks and prevent systemic disease outcomes. This manuscript clarifies the concept of risk, traces the emergence of periodontal medicine and serves as a resource for the oral health professional in assessing and utilizing the current evidence on periodontal-systemic disease connections.
Low Grade Islet but Marked Exocrine Pancreas Inflammation in an Adult with Autoimmune Pre-Diabetes.; There is unexplained deficit in size and function of the exocrine pancreas in type 1 diabetes (T1D). We obtained pancreas from an individual with pre-T1D obtained at surgery and addressed the question, what is the relative inflammation in the exocrine and endocrine pancreas in pre-T1D in the absence of the potential confounding changes at autopsy or in brain dead organ donors. Pancreas was removed surgically from a 36 year woman for benign neuroendocrine tumors (NET). The patient had gestational diabetes at age 29 and has a 23 year old sister with T1D. Pre-operative fasting glucose of 109 mg/dl and HbA1C 5.8% revealed prediabetes with an anti-GAD 1,144 (5-250 U/ml) together with family history implying pre-T1D. There was patchy low grade immune infiltration in some, but not all, islets that met criteria for autoimmune insulitis. The exocrine pancreas showed more abundant inflammation with areas of chronic pancreatitis and acinar to ductal metaplasia, and with other areas of atrophy and fatty infiltration. In pre-T1D inflammation may be more prominent in the exocrine than the endocrine pancreas, calling into question the sequence of events and assumed islet centric basis of autoimmunity leading to T1D.
The 0.19-mg Fluocinolone Acetonide Implant for the Treatment of Diabetic Macular Edema: An Expert Consensus.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: To better understand the level of agreement among retina specialists on the role of inflammation in diabetic retinopathy (DR) and diabetic macular edema (DME), and the use of 0.19-mg fluocinolone acetonide (FAc) implant in DME treatment, a consensus survey was drafted and disseminated to retina specialists across the United States. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Using the modified Delphi method, a list of 12 consensus statements were generated by the coauthors based on short-answer responses to an initial survey. In total, 56 retina specialists completed the entire consensus survey. Except for two multiple-choice questions, there were 10 consensus statements that used a modified Likert scale to indicate their level of agreement to the statement: Agree = 3, Mostly Agree = 2, Mostly Disagree = 1, Disagree = 0. Percentage agreement and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated, and a consensus threshold was set at > 80% agreement for each statement. RESULTS: Seven of 10 consensus statements using the modified Likert scale reached consensus, including those on the role of inflammation in pathophysiology of DR/DME, injection burden and patient adherence, and efficacy and safety of the FAc implant. The remaining three statements displayed high agreement with average scores > 80%, but the 95% CIs were below threshold. These included the impact of the FAc implant on DR progression, FAc as baseline therapy for DME, and the effectiveness of the steroid challenge to mitigate intraocular pressure risk after FAc use. Two multiple-choice questions focused on clinical situations in which corticosteroids would be used as baseline therapy for DME (pseudophakic eye [73%], recent stroke/myocardial infarction [66%], and pregnancy/breastfeeding [66%]) and which delivery route satisfies the steroid challenge for the FAc implant (intravitreal [100%], sub-tenon/periocular [73%], and topical [57%]). CONCLUSIONS: Physicians highly agreed on the role of inflammation in pathophysiology of DR/DME, injection burden and patient adherence, and efficacy and safety of the FAc implant. However, full consensus was not found on the impact of the FAc implant on DR progression, FAc as baseline therapy for DME, and the effectiveness of the steroid challenge to mitigate intraocular pressure risk after FAc use. [Ophthalmic Surg Lasers Imaging Retina. 2023;54(3):166-173.].
Early-life exposures and cardiovascular disease risk among Ghanaian migrant and home populations: the RODAM study.; Early-life environmental and nutritional exposures are considered to contribute to the differences in cardiovascular disease (CVD) burden. Among sub-Saharan African populations, the association between markers of early-life exposures such as leg length and sitting height and CVD risk is yet to be investigated. This study assessed the association between leg length, sitting height, and estimated 10-year atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk among Ghanaian-born populations in Europe and Ghana. We constructed sex-specific quintiles for sitting height and leg length for 3250 participants aged 40-70 years (mean age 52 years; men 39.6%; women 60.4%) in the cross-sectional multicenter Research on Diabetes and Obesity among African Migrants study. Ten-year risk of ASCVD was estimated using the Pooled Cohort Equations; risk ≥7.5% was defined as "elevated" CVD risk. Prevalence ratios (PR) were estimated to determine the associations between sitting height, leg length, and estimated 10-year ASCVD risk. For both men and women, mean sitting height and leg length were highest in Europe and lowest in rural Ghana. Sitting height was inversely associated with 10-year ASCVD risk among all women (PR for 1 standard deviation increase of sitting height: 0.75; 95% confidence interval: 0.67, 0.85). Among men, an inverse association between sitting height and 10-year ASCVD risk was significant on adjustment for study site, adult, and parental education but attenuated when further adjusted for height. No association was found between leg length and estimated 10-year ASCVD risk. Early-life and childhood exposures that influence sitting height could be the important determinants of ASCVD risk in this adult population.
Does maternal race influence the short-term variation of the fetal heart rate? An historical cohort study.; OBJECTIVES: The main aim of this article was to analyze short-term variation (STV) of the fetal heart rate according to maternal race. The secondary aim was to study the baseline fetal heart rate according to this factor. STUDY DESIGN: This single-center historical cohort study covered the period from November 2008 through December 2011 (n=182). The inclusion criteria were: black women from sub-Saharan Africa or white European women, with a singleton pregnancy ≥34 weeks and fetal heart rate recorded by computerized analysis (Oxford Sonicaid System 8002) at a prenatal visit. The exclusion criteria were: medication likely to modify fetal heart rate, abnormal fetal heart rate tracing, and being in labor. A multiple linear regression analysis was used to study the association between maternal race and STV. RESULTS: STV was lower by 2.6ms in fetuses of black women (n=55) compared to those of white women (n=127) (8.9±2.1ms vs. 11.4±3.4ms) (p<0.001). The basal fetal heart rate was higher (p=0.001), and the recording criteria were met less often for the black women (p=0.04). After adjustment for maternal age, body mass index at the beginning of pregnancy, maternal cigarette smoking, parity, gestational diabetes, gestational age at the time of the fetal heart rate recording, and the time between the last meal and the recording, mean STV was lower by 3.1±0.6ms in fetuses of black compared with white women (p<0.001). CONCLUSION: STV is lower in fetuses of black women compared to those of white women in a low-risk population. A study of black and white women with high-risk pregnancies is necessary to assess the impact of medical practices on perinatal outcome after STV analysis.
Fetal echocardiography.; Since the first report of fetal echocardiography in 1972 by Winsberg, several advances in ultrasound technology have occurred allowing detailed evaluation of cardiac anatomy in the second trimester fetus. Fetal echo is indicated in high risk pregnancies where the chances of fetus having a congenital heart disease (CHD) are likely to be high e.g., in fetus with extracardiac anomalies picked up on obstetric ultrasound, those with a history of CHD in family, maternal diabetes (especially insulin dependent), maternal connective tissue disorder etc. The reported sensitivity of fetal echo has ranged from 4-96% in various series depending upon the equipment, level of training, study design and examination technique. Although many CHD can be detected in four chamber view, an important group malformations that would need early intervention are likely to be missed. Hence a detailed echocardiographic examination including the outflow views must be done. Defects like atrial septal defect and patent ductus arteriosus cannot be diagnosed in fetal echo, as these are part of normal fetal physiology. Other CHD like coarctation of aorta, small ventricular septal defects, mild valvular stenosis, partial anomalous pulmonary venous drainage are also difficult to diagnose. Ultrasound assessment of fetus, however, has a clear role in the diagnosis, monitoring and management of fetuses with sustained arrhythmias. Prenatal diagnosis of CHD helps in planning the optimal management of the baby e.g. a fetus with a ductus dependent lesion can be planned to be delivered in a tertiary care centre for stabilization and early initiation of prostaglandin therapy to avoid acidosis and organ damage. Future of fetal medicine lies in fetal cardiac surgery for which echocardiography will play a very important role.
Periodontal implications: medically compromised patients.; The presence of systemic disease in patients requiring periodontal therapy creates challenges for management. Alteration of treatment plans, with emphasis on physician consultation and preventive periodontal care, is frequently needed to minimize the impact of periodontal disease on the systemic condition. Conversely, detection and treatment of systemic disorders may impact upon the status of the periodontium and the success of periodontal therapy. The goal of holistic patient management is facilitated by a free flow of information between the patients and their medical and dental health care providers.
Mortality in beagles irradiated during prenatal and postnatal development. I. Contribution of non-neoplastic diseases.; To evaluate the lifetime health effects of exposure to ionizing radiation during development, 1,680 beagles received whole-body exposures to 60Co gamma rays or sham exposures. Eight groups of 120 dogs each received mean doses of 15.6-17.5 or 80.8-88.3 cGy in early, mid- or late gestation, at 8, 28 or 55 days after breeding, or at 2 days after birth. Another group of 120 dogs received a mean dose of 82.6 cGy as 70-day-old juveniles and one group of 240 dogs received a mean dose of 81.2 cGy as 365-day-old young adults. Sham irradiations were given to 360 controls. Sexes were equally represented. There was no significant effect of irradiation on mean survival times in any groups. In 1,343 dogs allowed to live out their life span, chronic renal disease was a common cause of mortality, and irradiation in the late fetal or juvenile periods potentiated this disease, resulting in increased mortality due to renal failure. This was consistent with earlier findings of the high radiosensitivity of the kidney in the perinatal period. Hypothyroidism associated with atrophic thyroiditis was decreased by irradiation, a finding contrary to expectation and not easily explained. Diabetes mellitus was increased by irradiation in the mid- and late gestation and juvenile periods, a finding which is intriguing based on early reports of a similar finding in atomic bomb survivors. Though convulsive seizures were a common cause of mortality in the dogs, there was no evidence for increased risk associated with prenatal irradiation as has been reported in humans. Genetic analyses indicated that renal disease, hypothyroidism, diabetes mellitus and convulsive seizures all had a heritable component, but that this did not influence or bias the radiation responses evaluated.
Investigation of genetic risk factors for chronic adult diseases for association with preterm birth.; Preterm birth (PTB) is the leading cause of infant mortality. PTB pathophysiology overlaps with those of adult cardiovascular, immune and metabolic disorders (CIMD), with mechanisms including inflammation, immunotolerance, thrombosis, and nutrient metabolism. Whereas many genetic factors for CIMD have been identified, progress in PTB has lagged. We hypothesized that highly validated genetic risk factors for CIMD may also be associated with PTB. We conducted case-control study of four female cohorts with spontaneous PTB (n = 673) versus term (n = 1119). Of 35 SNPs genotyped, there were 13 statistically significant associations (P < 0.05), which were more than expected (binomial test; P = 0.02). In US White (307 cases/342 controls), the G allele of HLA-DQA1 (A/G) rs9272346 was protective for PTB in the initial discovery cohort (P = 0.02; OR = 0.65; 95 % CI 0.46, 0.94). This protective association replicated (P = 0.02; OR = 0.85; 95 % CI 0.75, 0.97) nominally in the Danish Cohort (883 cases, 959 controls), but lost significance upon multiple testing correction. We observed more statistically significant associations than expected, suggesting that chance is an unlikely explanation for one or more of the associations. Particularly, a protective association of the G allele of HLA-DQA1 was found in two independent cohorts, and in previous studies, this same allele was found to protect against type-1-diabetes (meta-analysis P value 5.52 × 10(-219)). Previous investigations have implicated HLA phenotypic variation in recurrent fetal loss and in chronic chorioamnionitis. Given the limited sample size in his study, we suggest larger studies to further investigate possible HLA genetic involvement in PTB.
Diagnosis of mid-second trimester fetal growth restriction and associated outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate maternal and neonatal outcomes of low-risk singleton pregnancies, without underlying maternal medical conditions or genetic and fetal anomalies associated with fetal growth restriction, that were diagnosed with fetal growth restriction (FGR) (EFW < 10th %) in the mid-second trimester (between 17 and 22 weeks and 6 days' gestation). METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of all women who underwent a routine fetal anatomy ultrasound between 17 and 22 weeks and 6 days' gestation at a community-based academic hospital was performed to identify subjects with an EFW <10th%. Pregnancies with inadequate dating, multiple gestations, preexisting maternal vascular disease (chronic hypertension and pregestational diabetes), lethal fetal anomalies, and abnormal prenatal genetic screening were excluded. Descriptive statistics were computed to describe the study population. Subjects were stratified into two groups, estimated fetal weight (EFW) <5th% and EFW 5th-9th%. The primary outcome was a small for gestational age neonate (SGA) at delivery. Secondary outcomes included a composite adverse neonatal outcome, perinatal death, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, medically indicated delivery, and mode of delivery. A comparison of the two groups, EFW <5th% and EFW 5th-9th %, was performed. Continuous variables were compared utilizing Wilcoxon Rank Sum tests and categorical variables were compared using Fisher's exact test or Chi-squared tests, and a dichotomous composite variable for adverse neonatal outcomes was also calculated. RESULTS: In total, 3,868 unique patient records were screened. Thirty-two patient records (0.8% of the total screened records) were eligible for inclusion. The primary outcome, SGA at delivery, occurred in 13/32 (41%) of the subjects. The secondary outcomes of the composite neonatal morbidity occurred in 9/32 (28%), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in 10/32 (31%), and medically indicated delivery at <28 weeks gestation in 7/32 (22%) of the subjects. When comparing EFW <5th% and EFW 5th-9th%, EFW <5th% had a larger percentage of SGA newborns (66% vs. 25%, p = .02, OR = 8.0 95% CI 1.5-42.5). EFW <5th% was also significantly associated with a greater composite adverse neonatal outcome when compared to EFW 5th-9th% (54% vs. 10%, p = .015). The subgroup with an EFW <5th% also had higher rates of adverse outcomes including preeclampsia (42% vs. 10%, p = .073), abnormal umbilical artery Doppler studies (50% vs. 15%, p = .049), and medically indicated delivery <28 weeks (42% vs. 10%, p = .07). CONCLUSIONS: Early onset FGR is a associated with high rates of SGA at delivery, as well as several adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes which include hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, a greater composite neonatal morbidity, perinatal death, and medically indicated preterm delivery. EFW <5th% was associated with worse outcomes when compared to those with an EFW 5th%-9th%.
Association of Gestational Free and Total Triiodothyronine With Gestational Hypertension, Preeclampsia, Preterm Birth, and Birth Weight: An Individual Participant Data Meta-analysis.; CONTEXT: Triiodothyronine (T3) is the bioactive form of thyroid hormone. In contrast to thyroid-stimulating hormone and free thyroxine, we lack knowledge on the association of gestational T3 with adverse obstetric outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the associaiton of gestational free or total T3 (FT3 or TT3) with adverse obstetric outcomes. METHODS: We collected individual participant data from prospective cohort studies on gestational FT3 or TT3, adverse obstetric outcomes (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm birth and very preterm birth, small for gestational age [SGA], and large for gestational age [LGA]), and potential confounders. We used mixed-effects regression models adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: The final study population comprised 33 118 mother-child pairs of which 27 331 had data on FT3 and 16 164 on TT3. There was a U-shaped association of FT3 with preeclampsia (P = .0069) and a J-shaped association with the risk of gestational hypertension (P = .029). Higher TT3 was associated with a higher risk of gestational hypertension (OR per SD of TT3 1.20, 95% CI 1.08 to 1.33; P = .0007). A lower TT3 but not FT3 was associated with a higher risk of very preterm birth (OR 0.72, 95% CI 0.55 to 0.94; P = .018). TT3 but not FT3 was positively associated with birth weight (mean difference per 1 SD increase in TT3 12.8, 95% CI 6.5 to 19.1 g, P < .0001) but there was no association with SGA or LGA. CONCLUSION: This study provides new insights on the association of gestational FT3 and TT3 with major adverse pregnancy outcomes that form the basis for future studies required to elucidate the effects of thyroid function on pregnancy outcomes. Based on the current study, routine FT3 or TT3 measurements for the assessment of thyroid function during pregnancy do not seem to be of added value in the risk assessment for adverse outcomes.
Influence of multiparity on sympathetic nerve activity during normal pregnancy.; Recent evidence suggests an elevated risk of cardiovascular disease development in multiparous women. Therefore, we investigated the effects of multiparity on within-pregnancy sympathetic neural regulation in normotensive, pregnant women. We retrospectively analyzed heart rate (HR), blood pressure (BP), and muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA; n = 8) data from 10 women whom participated in microneurographic research studies during two sequential pregnancies (i.e., PREG1 and PREG2). There was no difference in resting BP between pregnancies (P > 0.05), whereas HR trended higher in PREG2 versus PREG1 (P = 0.06). MSNA burst frequency was greater in PREG2 versus PREG1 after adjusting for age (32 ± 12 vs. 22 ± 12 bursts/min; P = 0.049), whereas burst incidence did not differ (40 ± 16 vs. 34 ± 17 bursts/100 heartbeats; P = 0.21). Sympathetic baroreflex sensitivity was not different between PREG1 and PREG2 (P > 0.05). Our results may highlight a possible role of altered within-pregnancy sympathetic neural regulation in the observed relationship in women between parity and future cardiovascular disease risk.NEW & NOTEWORTHY To our knowledge, this is the first study to investigate the effects of multiparity on within-pregnancy sympathetic neural regulation. We observed augmented muscle sympathetic nerve activity in women's second studied pregnancy versus their first. Conversely, blood pressure and sympathetic baroreflex sensitivity did not differ, whereas a trend for increased heart rate was observed. Our results highlight a possible role of altered within-pregnancy sympathetic neural regulation in the relationship between increased parity and cardiovascular disease development.
Biliary atresia splenic malformation syndrome: an etiologic and prognostic subgroup.; BACKGROUND: The polysplenia syndrome is the most common extrahepatic anomaly found in association with extrahepatic biliary atresia. This subgroup may have a different cause and a worse prognosis than do infants with biliary atresia alone, and this hypothesis has been tested by analyzing the King's College Hospital series. METHODS: The case records of 308 infants treated between 1975 and 1991 for biliary atresia were examined for extrahepatic anomalies. RESULTS: Twenty-three (7.5%) infants had polysplenia and biliary atresia. There were also four infants with other types of splenic malformation: two with double spleen and two with asplenia. The presence of other anomalies such as situs inversus and portal vein anomalies in all the categories of splenic malformation suggests that they formed part of a larger association for which we now propose the term biliary atresia splenic malformation (BASM) syndrome. There was no difference in age at presentation and in biochemical test results of liver function before operation between infants with BASM and those with biliary atresia alone. Four (15%) infants with BASM were born to mothers with diabetes (three insulin dependent and one with gestational diabetes treated by diet alone). There were no other cases of maternal diabetes in the series as a whole. Actuarial "survival" (death or transplant) of infants with BASM after initial corrective operation was worse than that in a control group without anatomic anomalies (p < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: BASM syndrome appears to be a distinct subgroup in infants with biliary atresia. This subgroup may have a different cause and tends to have a worse prognosis than do control subjects. Whether this is caused by the presence of the other anomalies (e.g., cardiovascular anomalies), which are in themselves detrimental, is unclear.
Endothelial properties of third-trimester amniotic fluid stem cells cultured in hypoxia.; INTRODUCTION: Endothelial dysfunction is found in different pathologies such as diabetes and renal and heart diseases, representing one of the major health problems. The reduced vasodilation of impaired endothelium starts a prothrombotic state associated with irregular blood flow. We aimed to explore the potential of amniotic fluid stem (AFS) cells as a source for regenerative medicine in this field; for the first time, we focused on third-trimester amniotic fluid AFS cells and compared them with the already-described AFS cells from the second trimester. METHODS: Cells from the two trimesters were cultured, selected and expanded in normoxia (20 % oxygen) and hypoxia (5 % oxygen). Cells were analysed to compare markers, proliferation rate and differentiation abilities. Endothelial potential was assessed not only in vitro-Matrigel tube formation assay, acetylated human low-density lipoprotein (AcLDL) uptake-but also in vivo (Matrigel plug with cell injection and two animal models). Specifically, for the latter, we used established protocols to assess the involvement of AFS cells in two different mouse models of endothelial dysfunction: (1) a chronic ischemia model with local injection of cells and (2) an electric carotid damage where cells were systemically injected. RESULTS: We isolated and expanded AFS cells from third-trimester amniotic fluid samples by using CD117 as a selection marker. Hypoxia enhanced the proliferation rate, the surface protein pattern was conserved between the trimesters and comparable differentiation was achieved after culture in both normoxia and hypoxia. Notably, the expression of early endothelial transcription factors and AngiomiRs was detected before and after induction. When in vivo, AFS cells from both trimesters expanded in hypoxia were able to rescue the surface blood flow when locally injected in mice after chronic ischemia damage, and importantly AFS cells at term of gestation possessed enhanced ability to fix carotid artery electric damage compared with AFS cells from the second trimester. CONCLUSIONS: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first research work that fully characterizes AFS cells from the third trimester for regenerative medicine purposes. The results highlight how AFS cells, in particular at term of gestation and cultured in hypoxia, can be considered a promising source of stem cells possessing significant endothelial regenerative potential.
Sympathetic Neurofunction Testing in Gestational Hypertension and Relationship with Developing Preeclampsia and Eclampsia: Real-world Evidences from Clinical Pharmacology Clinics.; BACKGROUND: Gestational hypertension carries a high-risk for adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, and it can also develop into preeclampsia. A relative decrease in parasympathetic and increase in sympathetic activity has been seen in normal pregnancy which returns to baseline after delivery. The present study aimed to detect any abnormality in sympathetic neurofunction in gestational hypertension and to identify its possible association with the development of preeclampsia/eclampsia. METHODS: A prospective, observational study was carried out among gestational hypertensive patients between 24 and 26 weeks of gestation, who were sent to clinical pharmacology clinics for autonomic neurofunction testing, along with their 24-hour urinary protein testing reports. Preisometric handgrip (IHG) and post-IHG differences in diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were noted. The association between Δ DBP and the development of eclampsia/preeclampsia was probed. RESULTS: A total of 52 pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) participants, both multigravida (n = 15) and primigravida (n = 37) were included in one arm (PIH arm), and 52 matched (age and gravida) pregnant women, those do not have PIH included in another arm for comparative analysis. On comparing the PIH arm and normal arm, prehand grip DBP (p ≤ 0.0001), posthand grip DBP, and Δ DBP were significantly higher in the PIH arm. Correlation between Δ DBP and 24 hours' proteinuria was observed in the PIH arm, with a significant positive correlation. CONCLUSION: A high-rise in DBP post-IHG exercise is associated with gestational hypertensive mothers and this rise is strongly correlated with the development of preeclampsia and eclampsia, which suggests that addressing sympathetic hyperactivity could be a potential area to target therapeutics while managing gestational hypertension.
The influence of the built environment on adverse birth outcomes.; Adverse birth outcomes are associated with neonatal morbidity and mortality, and higher risk for coronary heart disease, non-insulin-dependent diabetes and hypertension in adulthood. Although there has been considerable research investigating the association between maternal and environmental factors on adverse birth outcomes, one risk factor, not fully understood, is the influence of the built environment. A search of MEDLINE, Scopus, and Cochrane was conducted to find articles assessing the influence of the built environment on preterm birth (PTB), low birth weight (LBW), and small-for-gestational-age (SGA). In total, 41 studies met our inclusion criteria, and were organized into nine categories: Roadways, Greenness, Power Plants, Gas Stations/Wells, Waste Management, Power Lines, Neighborhood Conditions, Food Environment, and Industry. The most common built environmental variable was roads/traffic, encompassing 17/41 (41%) of the articles reviewed, of which 12/17 (71%) found a significant small to moderate association between high traffic exposure and adverse birth outcomes.
Late preterm neonatal morbidity in hypertensive versus normotensive women.; OBJECTIVE: We estimated risks of late preterm (LP, 34°(/7)-36(6/7) weeks) delivery and neonatal respiratory and non-respiratory morbidity in women with mild and severe hypertension, in both low-risk and high-risk (history of chronic hypertension, preeclampsia (PE), or insulin-dependent diabetes in current pregnancy) cohorts. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of two Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units Network randomized trials of aspirin to prevent PE. Women with non-anomalous singleton gestations delivered at ≥34 weeks were divided into three groups: normotensive, mild PE/gestational hypertension (GH), and severe PE/GH. Primary outcomes were respiratory (respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), or intubation) and non-respiratory (intraventricular hemorrhage, retinopathy of prematurity, small for gestational age (SGA) <10%, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, perinatal death, pulmonary hypertension, seizures, and 5 min Apgar <5) morbidity. Associations between LP delivery and risks of respiratory and non-respiratory morbidity were evaluated by fitting log-Binomial regression models before and after adjusting potential confounders. RESULTS: Of 2781 women in the low-risk trial, mild and severe hypertension were diagnosed in 8.5% (n = 235) and 3.3% (n = 92), respectively. Respiratory morbidity was similar in all groups. Risks of non-respiratory morbidity were higher in the severe PE/GH group compared with normotensive women (28.3% vs. 16.8%, risk ratio 1.5, 95% confidence interval 1.1, 2.1). When restricting the analysis to late preterm infants, this risk was no longer present. Of the 1542 women in the high-risk trial, mild and severe hypertension were present in 16.6% (n = 256) and 11.9% (n = 184), respectively. Respiratory morbidity was again similar. Risks of non-respiratory morbidity were also not significantly increased in the high-risk cohort. CONCLUSION: In both low- and high-risk women, mild PE/GH at ≥34 weeks is not associated with an increased risk of neonatal morbidity compared with normotensive women. Increased risk of composite neonatal morbidity related to severe PE/GH is confined to the subgroup of infants with non-respiratory morbidity, and disappears when including only late preterm infants.
Hormone-dependent brain development and neuroendocrine prophylaxis.; During the pre- and/or early postnatal life, systemic hormones and neurotransmitters are acting as organizers of the brain, which is the controller of the neuro-endocrine-immune system. Thus, the quantity of systemic hormones and neurotransmitters codetermines during critical periods of brain development the quality, i.e., the responsiveness, of their own central nervous controllers and hence the functional and tolerance ranges of their own feedback control systems throughout life. Abnormal levels of systemic hormones and neurotransmitters, which can be induced by abnormal conditions in the psychosocial and/or natural environment, can act as teratogens and lead to permanent physiological and/or psychological dysfunctions in later life. Thus, many deviations and malfunctions of reproduction, metabolism, information processing and immunity called up to now idiopathic, essential, cryptogenic, primary or genuine can be explained by abnormal pre- and/or early postnatal psycho- and/or physiological processes. Therefore, "structural teratology" (teratomorphology) was supplemented by "functional teratology" (teratopsychophysiology). Such deviations, dysfunctions or diseases based on abnormal brain development can widely be prevented either by optimizing the psychosocial and/or natural environment or by well-timed correcting abnormal concentrations of systemic hormones and/or neurotransmitters.
Pregnancy, Fetal, and Neonatal Outcomes Among Women With Traumatic Brain Injury.; OBJECTIVE: There have been no systematic studies of pregnancy outcomes among women with traumatic brain injury (TBI), potentially limiting informed clinical care for women with such injuries. The purpose of this exploratory study was to evaluate pregnancy and fetal/neonatal outcomes among women with a TBI diagnosis recorded during their delivery hospitalization compared with women without TBI. SETTING: In this cross-sectional study, we identified women with delivery hospitalizations using 2004-2014 data from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample of the Health Care and Cost Utilization Project. PARTICIPANTS: We identified deliveries to women with a TBI diagnosis on hospital discharge records, which included all diagnoses recorded during the delivery, and compared them with deliveries of women without a TBI diagnosis. MAIN MEASURES: Pregnancy outcomes included gestational diabetes; preeclampsia/eclampsia; placental abruption; cesarean delivery; and others. Fetal/neonatal outcomes included preterm birth; stillbirth; and small or large gestational age. DESIGN: We modeled risk for each outcome among deliveries to women with TBI compared with women without TBI, using multivariate Poisson regression. Models included sociodemographic and hospital characteristics; secondary models added clinical characteristics (eg, psychiatric disorders) that may be influenced by TBI. RESULTS: We identified 3 597 deliveries to women with a TBI diagnosis and 9 106 312 deliveries to women without TBI. Women with TBI were at an increased risk for placental abruption (relative risk [RR] = 2.73; 95% CI, 2.26-3.30) and associated sequelae (ie, antepartum hemorrhage, cesarean delivery). Women with TBI were at an increased risk for stillbirth (RR = 2.55; 95% CI, 1.97-3.29) and having a baby large for gestational age (RR = 1.30; 95% CI, 1.09-1.56). Findings persisted after controlling for clinical characteristics. CONCLUSIONS: Risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, including placental abruption and stillbirth, were increased among women with TBI. Future research is needed to examine the association between TBI and pregnancy outcomes using longitudinal and prospective data and to investigate potential mechanisms that may heighten risk for adverse outcomes.
Population-based analysis of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the population-based incidence of hypertensive diseases in pregnancy in Western New York. METHODS: A database of 77,358 women with singleton pregnancies was analyzed using birth certificate data. The incidence of pregnancies complicated by gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia was determined. RESULTS: The overall incidence of pregnancy-associated hypertensive disease varied slightly from 1999 to 2003. The incidence of preeclampsia decreased from 1.8% to 1.1% (p < 0.01). This decrease persisted over time, despite controlling for known risk factors, such as body mass index, age, ethnicity, parity, smoking, diabetes, and chronic hypertension. CONCLUSION: The incidence of pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders slightly decreased in our population in the last 5 years, with a decline in the rate of preeclampsia accounting for this change. Further analysis may provide additional insights into the population-based incidence of preeclampsia.
[Molecular mechanisms of action and health benefits of polyunsaturated fatty acids].; Essential polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs), linoleic acid n6 (LA) and linolenic acid (ALA) n3 obtained from the diet are precursors of the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (Lc-PUFAs) arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) respectively. Consumption of PUFAs is related with a better neurological and cognitive development in newborns. It has been demonstrated that consumption of n-6 and n-3 PUFAs decreases blood triglycerides by increasing fatty acid oxidation through activation of PPARalpha or by reducing the activation of SREBP-1 inhibiting lipogenesis. Dietary PUFAs activate PPARalpha and PPARgamma increasing lipid oxidation, and decreasing insulin resistance leading in a reduction of hepatic steatosis. Beneficial effects of PUFAs have been observed in humans and in animals models of diabetes, obesity, cancer, and cardiovascular diseases. It is important to promote the consumption of PUFAs. Main food sources of PUFAs n-6 are corn, soy and safflower oil, and for PUFAs n-3 are fish, soy, canola oil and, flaxseed. Finally FAO/WHO recommends an optimal daily intake of n6/n3 of 5-10:1.
A prospective study of maternal prenatal weight and offspring cardiometabolic health in midchildhood.; PURPOSE: To examine the relations of maternal prepregnancy body mass index (ppBMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) with offspring cardiometabolic health. DESIGN: We studied 1090 mother-child pairs in Project Viva, a Boston-area prebirth cohort. We measured overall (dual x-ray absorptiometry total fat; body mass index z-score) and central adiposity (dual x-ray absorptiometry trunk fat), and systolic blood pressure in offspring at 6 to 10 years. Fasting bloods (n = 687) were assayed for insulin and glucose (for calculation of homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance), triglycerides, leptin, adiponectin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, and interleukin 6. Using multivariable linear regression, we examined differences in offspring outcomes per 1 SD maternal ppBMI and GWG. RESULTS: After adjustment for confounders, each 5 kg/m² higher ppBMI corresponded with 0.92 kg (95% confidence interval, 0.70-1.14) higher total fat, 0.27 BMI z-score (0.21-0.32), and 0.39 kg (0.29-0.49) trunk fat. ppBMI was also positively associated with homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance, leptin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, interleukin 6, and systolic blood pressure; and lower adiponectin. Each 5 kg of GWG predicted greater adiposity (0.33 kg [0.11-0.54] total fat; 0.14 kg [0.04-0.23] trunk fat) and higher leptin (6% [0%-13%]) in offspring after accounting for confounders and ppBMI. CONCLUSIONS: Children born to heavier mothers have more overall and central fat and greater cardiometabolic risk. Offspring of women with higher GWG had greater adiposity and higher leptin.
Polymorphisms in the angiotensin converting enzyme gene and growth in the first year of life.; Abnormal patterns of fetal and infant growth have been associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Catch-up growth during the first year of life has been associated with a higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, whereas a lack of catch-up growth tracks with a risk of hypertension. The role of genetic factors influencing both growth and blood pressure have not been explored. We genotyped cord blood samples from 530 singleton, Caucasian, uncomplicated pregnancies, drawn from a larger cohort of 1650 pregnancies, and related polymorphism in the angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) gene (alleles insertion (I) or deletion (D)) with measures of size at birth and at age of 1 year. ACE genotype did not significantly influence size at birth, although there was a greater proportion of individuals with the D/D genotype born with a birth weight less than the 10th centile (P=0.004). The ACE I/I genotype was significantly associated with higher weight (p=0.001), body mass index (p=0.001) and mid arm circumference (p=0.001) at 1 year of age compared to the ACE D/D and I/D genotypes. Individuals with the I/I genotype displayed catch-up (gain from birth size of >or=0.6 Standard Deviation Score) in weight (p=0.04), body mass index (p=0.03) and mid arm circumference (p=0.03) compared to the D/D group, the majority of which showed no change or catch-down. The I/D genotype was distributed equally across the catch up/catch down/no change categories. The effect was more marked in males, but ACE genotype and sex of the infant contributed independently to mid arm circumference measurements and there was no interaction between the two. There was no effect of maternal or paternal ACE genotype on birth size. In a multiple linear regression model ACE genotype, socioeconomic status and sex of the infant explained 10.9% of the variance in body mass index SDS at 1 year of age. We conclude that the ACE I/I genotype is associated with a higher weight and body mass index SDS at 1 year of age, along with catch-up in terms of these measures from birth to 1 year. The D/D genotype is associated with a greater proportion of babies, born at term, that at small for gestational age. These results suggest that due consideration should be given to the underlying genotype of an individual when evaluating the association of early human growth with the development of risk factors for cardiovascular disease. The observation of independent effects of genotype, sex of the individual and socioeconomic status on postnatal growth suggests the need to develop methodologies for the integration of genetic and environmental factors in causality modelling.
Second-trimester amniotic fluid or maternal serum interleukin-10 levels and small for gestational age neonates.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate if interleukin-10 levels in either early second-trimester amniotic fluid (AF) or maternal serum can be utilized as a predictor of the subsequent occurrence of small for gestational age (SGA) infants after controlling for gestational age at delivery. METHODS: We identified patients who underwent genetic amniocentesis for standard genetic indications or maternal blood sampling for maternal serum alpha-fetoprotein (MSAFP)/triple screen between January 1992 and February 1995 with available follow-up delivery data. Small for gestational age was defined as birth weight less than the tenth percentile for gestational age. Control patients were matched for gestational age at delivery, maternal age, race, and parity with at least two controls for each study patient. We excluded patients with maternal immune disease, chronic hypertension, diabetes, asthma, congenital heart disease, multiple gestation, and fetuses with structural or chromosomal anomalies. Second-trimester AF and serum samples were assayed for interleukin-10. Potential confounding variables considered were MSAFP level, smoking history, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and neonatal gender. The interleukin-10 levels were normalized using natural log transformation for statistical analysis. Statistical analysis included chi 2, Fisher exact test, and analysis of variance, with P < .05 considered significant. RESULTS. From the AF data base, 18 patients (6%) delivered SGA neonates and were matched with 46 controls. From the maternal serum data base, 13 patients (7%) delivered SGA neonates and were matched with 45 controls. Neither AF nor maternal serum interleukin-10 levels were significantly different in patients subsequently delivering SGA neonates compared with controls (AF: median 21.0 pg/mL. [range 13.8-27.6] versus 17.5 pg/mL. [range 8.9-362.12], P = .18; serum: median 15.7 pg/mL [range 9.9-73.5] versus 18.7 pg/mL [range 9.7-71.7], P = .60, respectively). No significant differences were identified in gestational age at sampling, maternal smoking history, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or elevated MSAFP in patients delivering SGA neonates compared with controls (P > .05 for each). As expected, birth weight was significantly lower in patients delivering SGA neonates compared with controls (P < .001). CONCLUSION: Second-trimester AF or maternal serum interleukin-10 levels are not predictive of subsequent delivery of SGA infants.
Focus on: ethnicity and the social and health harms from drinking.; Alcohol consumption is differentially associated with social and health harms across U.S. ethnic groups. Native Americans, Hispanics, and Blacks are disadvantaged by alcohol-attributed harms compared with Whites and Asians. Ethnicities with higher rates of risky drinking experience higher rates of drinking harms. Other factors that could contribute to the different effects of alcohol by ethnicity are social disadvantage, acculturation, drink preferences, and alcohol metabolism. This article examines the relationship of ethnicity and drinking to (1) unintentional injuries, (2) intentional injuries, (3) fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS), (4) gastrointestinal diseases, (5) cardiovascular diseases, (6) cancers, (7) diabetes, and (8) infectious diseases. Reviewed evidence shows that Native Americans have a disproportionate risk for alcohol-related motor vehicle fatalities, suicides and violence, FAS, and liver disease mortality. Hispanics are at increased risk for alcohol-related motor vehicle fatalities, suicide, liver disease, and cirrhosis mortality; and Blacks have increased risk for alcohol-related relationship violence, FAS, heart disease, and some cancers. However, the scientific evidence is incomplete for each of these harms. More research is needed on the relationship of alcohol consumption to cancers, diabetes, and HIV/AIDS across ethnic groups. Studies also are needed to delineate the mechanisms that give rise to and sustain these disparities in order to inform prevention strategies.
Discover overlooked complications after preeclampsia using electronic health records.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia (PE) is a severe pregnancy complication characterized by hypertension and end-organ damage such as proteinuria. PE poses a significant threat to women's long-term health, including an increased risk of cardiovascular and renal diseases. Most previous studies have been hypothesis-based, potentially overlooking certain significant complications. This study conducts a comprehensive, non-hypothesis-based analysis of PE-complicated diagnoses after pregnancies using multiple large-scale electronic health records (EHR) datasets. METHOD: From the University of Michigan (UM) Healthcare System, we collected 4,348 PE patients for the cases and 27,377 patients with pregnancies not complicated by PE or related conditions for the controls. We first conducted a non-hypothesis-based analysis to identify any long-term adverse health conditions associated with PE using logistic regression with adjustments to demographics, social history, and medical history. We confirmed the identified complications with UK Biobank data which contain 443 PE cases and 14,870 non-PE controls. We then conducted a survival analysis on complications that exhibited significance in more than 5 consecutive years post-PE. We further examined the potential racial disparities of identified complications between Caucasian and African American patients. FINDINGS: Uncomplicated hypertension, complicated diabetes, congestive heart failure, renal failure, and obesity exhibited significantly increased risks whereas hypothyroidism showed decreased risks, in 5 consecutive years after PE in the UM discovery data. UK Biobank data confirmed the increased risks of uncomplicated hypertension, complicated diabetes, congestive heart failure, renal failure, and obesity. Further survival analysis using UM data indicated significantly increased risks in uncomplicated hypertension, complicated diabetes, congestive heart failure, renal failure, and obesity, and significantly decreased risks in hypothyroidism. There exist racial differences in the risks of developing hypertension and hypothyroidism after PE. PE protects against hypothyroidism in African American postpartum women but not Cacausians; it also increases the risks of uncomplicated hypertension but less severely in African American postpartum women as compared to Cacausians. INTERPRETATION: This study addresses the lack of a comprehensive examination of PE's long-term effects utilizing large-scale EHR and advanced statistical methods. Our findings underscore the need for long-term monitoring and interventions for women with a history of PE, emphasizing the importance of personalized postpartum care. Notably, the racial disparities observed in the impact of PE on hypertension and hypothyroidism highlight the necessity of tailored aftercare based on race.
Intrapartum Fetal Heart Rate: A Possible Predictor of Neonatal Acidemia and APGAR Score.; Background: Predicting perinatal outcomes based on patterns of fetal heart rate (FHR) remains a challenge. The aim of this study was to evaluate intrapartum FHR variability as predictor for neonatal acidemia and APGAR score. Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of 552 childbirths. Multivariable linear regression models were used to assess the association between FHR variability and each of the following outcomes: arterial cord blood pH and base deficit, Apgar 1, and 5 scores. Variables used for adjustment were maternal age, comorbidities (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, maternal fever, and hypertension), parity, gravidity, uterine contractions, and newborn gestational age, and weight at birth. Results: The following factors were associated with an increased risk of metabolic acidosis and low Apgar scores at birth: increased mean and coefficient of variation (CV) of the FHR, type of delivery and decreased parity. Each 10-beat/min increase in the FHR was associated with an increase of 0.43 mEq/L in the base deficit, and a decrease of 0.01 in the pH, 0.2 in the Apgar 1, and 0.14 in the Apgar 5 scores. Each 10% increase in the CV of the FHR was associated with an increase of 4.05 mEq/L in the base deficit and a decrease of 0.13 in the pH, 1.31 in the Apgar 1, and 0.86 in the Apgar 5 scores. Conclusion: These data suggest the intrapartum FHR variability is physiologically relevant and can be used for predicting the acidemia and Apgar scores at birth of the newborn infants without severe cases of morbidity and from uncomplicated pregnancies.
Prenatal causes of kidney disease.; It has recently been increasingly recognised that disturbed intra-uterine development may impact on renal and cardiovascular risk in adult life, e.g. albuminuria and chronic kidney disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular events. According to Barker's hypothesis, when resources in utero are restricted, their allocation to the development of the kidney and pancreatic islets is restricted to guarantee appropriate development of the brain and heart. The underlying epigenetic mechanisms involve modification of gene expression by altered DNA methylation and histone acetylation as well as by allocation of stem cells. The result of this trade-off between the brain and kidney during organogenesis is a diminished number of nephrons ('nephron underdosing') which predisposes to albuminuria and risk of chronic kidney disease, as well as hypertension. In parallel, changed appetite centres, insulin resistance and beta-cell development predispose to obesity, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes and the resulting renal sequelae. Numerous factors may trigger intra-uterine restriction of fetal growth, such as uterine underperfusion, maternal malnutrition, hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia of the mother, smoking or medications.
Birth defects in Brazil: Outcomes of a population-based study.; Birth defects (BDs) are functional and structural alterations in embryonic or fetal development. With an incidence of approximately 3-5%, BDs are a leading cause of infant mortality and lifelong disability. A population-based prospective case-control study was conducted for one year with 5204 infants, between March 1st, 2011 and February 29th, 2012 in the city of São José do Rio Preto, State of São Paulo, Brazil. The incidence of BDs was 3.2% [95% confidence interval (95%CI): 2.8-3.8%]. The most common congenital anomalies were heart diseases in isolation (11.2%; 95%CI: 7.3-16.9%) followed by Down syndrome (9.5%; 95%CI: 5.9-14.8%), neural tube defects (8.9%; 95%CI: 5.4-14.1), urinary tract anomalies (7.7%; 95%CI: 4.4-12.7%), and polydactyly (7.0%; 95%CI: 4.0-12.0%). The majority of mothers with Down syndrome babies had advanced age. Family members with the same BD, maternal alcohol consumption, gestational diabetes, and previous miscarriages were the most frequent risk factors. The results were similar to published data from other countries except for the incidence of Down syndrome, which was twice as high as reported by other authors and is probably due to the high sociocultural level of the region where the current study was performed, leading to pregnancies at older maternal age.
A treatment strategy with nifedipine versus labetalol for women with pregnancy hypertension: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial (Giant PANDA).; BACKGROUND: Approximately one in ten women have high blood pressure during pregnancy. Hypertension is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, and as treatment improves maternal outcomes, antihypertensive treatment is recommended. Previous trials have been unable to provide a definitive answer on which antihypertensive treatment is associated with optimal maternal and neonatal outcomes and the need for robust evidence evaluating maternal and infant benefits and risks remains an important, unanswered question for research and clinical communities. METHODS: The Giant PANDA study is a pragmatic, open-label, multicentre, randomised controlled trial of a treatment initiation strategy with nifedipine (calcium channel blocker), versus labetalol (mixed alpha/beta blocker) in 2300 women with pregnancy hypertension. The primary objective is to evaluate if treatment with nifedipine compared to labetalol in women with pregnancy hypertension reduces severe maternal hypertension without increasing fetal or neonatal death or neonatal unit admission. Subgroup analyses will be undertaken by hypertension type (chronic, gestational, pre-eclampsia), diabetes (yes, no), singleton (yes, no), self-reported ethnicity (Black, all other), and gestational age at randomisation categories (11 + 0 to 19 + 6, 20 + 0 to 27 + 6, 28 + 0 to 34 + 6 weeks). A cost-effectiveness analysis using an NHS perspective will be undertaken using a cost-consequence analysis up to postnatal hospital discharge and an extrapolation exercise with a lifetime horizon conditional on the results of the cost-consequence analysis. DISCUSSION: This trial aims to address the uncertainty of which antihypertensive treatment is associated with optimal maternal and neonatal outcomes. The trial results are intended to provide definitive evidence to inform guidelines and linked, shared decision-making tools, thus influencing clinical practice. TRIAL REGISTRATION: EudraCT number: 2020-003410-12, ISRCTN: 12,792,616 registered on 18 November 2020.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: a biopsychosocial understanding in young women to improve knowledge and treatment options.; AIM: To assess psychological features in young women with and without PCOS. METHODS: Observational, cross-sectional pilot study in young women aged 18-25 with (n = 24) or without (n = 22) PCOS (age: 22.41 +/- 0.39 vs. 21.95 +/- 0.47 years, p = 0.46; BMI: 29.17 +/- 1.54 vs. 22.05 +/- 0.83 kg/m(2), p = 0.0003). The main outcome measures were quality of life, anxiety, depression, risk perception and fears on future health. RESULTS: Women with PCOS demonstrated worsened quality of life (p = 0.033) and greater anxiety (p = 0.01) and depression (p = 0.023) than women without PCOS related to BMI status. Women with PCOS were more likely to perceive themselves as at risk of obesity (p = 0.012) and infertility (p < 0.0001), and perceived greater importance in reducing future risk of prediabetes (p = 0.027), gestational diabetes (p = 0.039), type 2 diabetes (p = 0.01), heart disease (p = 0.005), obesity (p = 0.0007) and infertility (p = 0.023) than women without PCOS. Women with PCOS were more likely to have fears about future health related to weight gain (p = 0.045), loss of femininity (p = 0.035), loss of sexuality (p = 0.003) and infertility (p = 0.019) than women without PCOS. CONCLUSIONS: Worsened quality of life, anxiety and depression in young women with PCOS is related to BMI. Risk perception is appropriately high in PCOS, yet perceived risks of future metabolic complications are less common than those related to weight gain and infertility.
A follow-up study of women with a history of severe preeclampsia: relationship between metabolic syndrome and preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of preeclampsia have twice the risk of cardiovascular diseases, and there is a graded relationship between the severity of preeclampsia and the risk of cardiac disease. Moreover, metabolic scores are associated with developing preeclampsia. However, since there are no diagnostic criteria for metabolic syndrome during pregnancy and pregnant women undergo metabolic changes, it is difficult to elucidate the relationship between preeclampsia and metabolic syndrome. We carried out a cross-sectional study to investigate the relationship between metabolic syndrome and preeclampsia among women with a history of severe preeclampsia shortly after an indexed pregnancy. METHODS: We recruited 62 women with a history of severe preeclampsia 1 to 3 years after an indexed pregnancy. Blood pressure and body compositional indices were recorded. Fasting blood samples were tested for glucose, total cholesterol, high density lipoprotein-cholesterol, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol, triglycerides, and insulin. A questionnaire was used to collect demographic data including pre-pregnancy weight and family history of diseases associated with cardiovascular diseases. Criteria for metabolic syndrome were defined by the National Cholesterol Education Program, Adult Treatment Panel III 2001 (NCEP III) and International Diabetes Federation 2005 (IDF). Data were analyzed by the a2 test and multivariate Logistic regression. RESULTS: According to NCEP III and IDF standards, 17 (27%) and 24 (39%) women, respectively, were identified as having metabolic syndrome. Being overweight pre-pregnancy and currently overweight were risk factors, and currently overweight was an independent risk factor. A combination of blood pressure and waist circumference was predictive of metabolic syndrome with a sensitivity of 91.67% and specificity of 94.74%. CONCLUSIONS: An unfavorable metabolic constitution in women may lead to metabolic syndrome, preeclampsia, and long-term cardiovascular disease. In women with severe preeclampsia, therapeutic interventions should include weight-control shortly after pregnancy, especially among women who were previously overweight.
Health effects with consumption of the flax lignan secoisolariciresinol diglucoside.; Flaxseed is the richest source of the lignan secoisolariciresinol diglucoside (SDG). After ingestion, SDG is converted to secoisolariciresinol, which is further metabolised to the mammalian lignans enterodiol and enterolactone. A growing body of evidence suggests that SDG metabolites may provide health benefits due to their weak oestrogenic or anti-oestrogenic effects, antioxidant activity, ability to induce phase 2 proteins and/or inhibit the activity of certain enzymes, or by mechanisms yet unidentified. Human and animal studies identify the benefits of SDG consumption. SDG metabolites may protect against CVD and the metabolic syndrome by reducing lipid and glucose concentrations, lowering blood pressure, and decreasing oxidative stress and inflammation. Flax lignans may also reduce cancer risk by preventing pre-cancerous cellular changes and by reducing angiogenesis and metastasis. Thus, dietary SDG has the potential to decrease the incidence of several chronic diseases that result in significant morbidity and mortality in industrialised countries. The available literature, though, makes it difficult to clearly identify SDG health effects because of the wide variability in study methods. However, the current evidence suggests that a dose of at least 500 mg SDG/d for approximately 8 weeks is needed to observe positive effects on cardiovascular risk factors in human patients. Flaxseed and its lignan extracts appear to be safe for most adult populations, though animal studies suggest that pregnant women should limit their exposure. The present review discusses the potential health benefits of SDG in humans, with supporting evidence from animal studies, and offers suggestions for future research.
Functional genetic polymorphisms and female reproductive disorders: Part I: Polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian response.; BACKGROUND: The identification of polymorphisms associated with a disease can help to elucidate its pathogenesis, and this knowledge can be used to improve prognosis for women with a particular disorder, such as polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Since an altered response to ovarian stimulation is also a characteristic of the disease, further knowledge about its aetiology could help in defining the parameters that determine the response of an individual to ovarian stimulation. METHODS: PubMed and EMBASE databases were systematically searched for gene association studies published until the end of August 2007, using search criteria relevant to PCOS and ovarian response to stimulation. Data from additional papers identified through hand searches were also included; 139 publications were reviewed. RESULTS: Several genes involved in ovarian function and metabolism are associated with increased susceptibility to PCOS, but none is strong enough to correlate alone with susceptibility to the disease, or response to therapy. A single-nucleotide polymorphism in exon 10 of the FSH receptor (FSHR) gene, FSHR p.N680S, was consistently identified as having a significant association with ovarian response to FSH. CONCLUSIONS: No consistent association between gene polymorphism and PCOS could be identified. The FSHR gene may play a significant role in the success of ovarian stimulation, and can be used as a marker to predict differences in FSHR function and ovarian response to FSH. Genotyping the FSHR p.N680S polymorphism may provide a means of identifying a population of poor responders before in vitro fertilization procedures are initiated.
Nick Hales Award Lecture 2011: glucocorticoids and early life programming of cardiometabolic disease.; Epidemiological studies have demonstrated an association between low birthweight and a range of diseases in adult life including cardiometabolic and psychiatric diseases. One of the key mechanisms proposed to underlie early life 'programming' of disease is overexposure of the developing foetus to glucocorticoids. This review will explore the data from human studies that glucocorticoids are not only mediators of programming, but also targets of programming. Cohort studies of men and women of known birthweight have demonstrated that low birthweight is associated with high fasting cortisol levels. In healthy individuals and in people with type 2 diabetes who are at high cardiovascular risk, there is a similar association between high fasting cortisol and the metabolic syndrome. The high cortisol levels appear to be due to activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis though detailed studies to further explore central negative feedback sensitivity are required. The evidence in humans that glucocorticoids mediate programming is more scanty, though changes in maternal body composition, stress and anxiety levels and activity of the placental barrier enzyme 11 β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11β-HSD2) may all influence maternal HPA axis activity. Emerging studies are supportive that high maternal cortisol levels in humans and/or deficiencies placental 11β-HSD2 humans are associated with lower birthweight and adverse metabolic and neurocognitive outcomes in the offspring.
The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with pre-eclampsia develops over time in the years before pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Women with a history of pre-eclampsia have an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease that may be partly attributed to an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile, the etiology of which is unclear. Hypothesising that this adverse risk profile may begin to arise over time in the years before pregnancy, we sought to evaluate the pregravid changes over time in cardiovascular risk factors in women who go on to develop pre-eclampsia and those who do not. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study using population-based administrative databases. SETTING: Ontario, Canada. POPULATION: All nulliparous women who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2018. METHODS: All results for the following analytes between January 2008 and the start of pregnancy were identified: A1c, glucose, lipids, and transaminases. Mean values were compared between those with and without preeclampsia. The annual change for each analyte in the years before pregnancy was estimated using generalized estimating equations. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Preeclampsia. RESULTS: The 156 278 women (of whom 3827 developed preeclampsia) had mean 4.0 ± 3.3 pregravid tests overall. The two most recent pregravid tests were performed at median 0.6 and 1.9 years before pregnancy, respectively. Women who developed pre-eclampsia had higher pregravid A1c, fasting glucose, random glucose, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, and ALT, and lower HDL-cholesterol, than their peers (all P < 0.0001). In the years before pregnancy, women who went on to develop pre-eclampsia had higher annual increases than their peers in triglycerides (13.8-fold higher; P = 0.0004) and random glucose (1.55-fold higher; P = 0.001), coupled with a greater annual decrease in HDL-cholesterol (9.7-fold higher; P = 0.002). During this time, fasting glucose increased in women who developed pre-eclampsia but decreased in their peers (P = 0.01). CONCLUSION: In women who develop pre-eclampsia, an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile evolves over time in the years before pregnancy. TWEETABLE ABSTRACT: In women who develop pre-eclampsia, an adverse CV risk factor profile evolves in the years before pregnancy.
Dietary fat consumption and health.; Dietary Guidelines have emerged over the past 30 years recommending that Americans limit their consumption of total fat and saturated fat as one way to reduce the risk of a range of chronic diseases. However, a low-fat diet is not a no-fat diet. Dietary fat clearly serves a number of essential functions. For example, maternal energy deficiency, possible exacerbated by very low-fat intakes (< 15% of energy), is one key determinant in the etiology of low birth weight. The debate continues over recommendations for limiting total fat and saturated fatty acid intake in children. Recent evidence indicates that diets with adequate energy providing less than 30% of energy from fat are sufficient to promote normal growth and normal sexual maturation. More attention needs to be devoted to the effect of dietary fat reduction on the nutrient density of children's diets. The association between dietary fat and CHD has been extensively studied. Diets high in saturated fatty acids and trans fatty acids increase LDL cholesterol levels, and in turn, the risk of heart disease. The relationship between high-carbohydrate/low-fat diets and CHD is more ambiguous because high-carbohydrate diets induce dyslipidemia in certain individuals. Obesity among adults and children is now of epidemic proportions in the United States. High-fat diets leading to excessive energy intakes are strongly linked to the increasing obesity in the United States. However, the prevalence of obesity has increased during the same time period that dietary fat intake (both in absolute terms and as a percentage of total dietary energy) has decreased. These trends suggest that a concomitant decrease in total dietary energy and modifications of other lifestyle factors, such as physical activity, also need to be emphasized. Obesity is also an independent risk factor for the development of diabetes. The current availability of fat-modified foods offers the potential for dietary fat reduction and treatment of the comorbidities associated with diabetes. However, to date, few studies have documented the effectiveness of fat-modified foods as part of a weight loss regimen or in reduction in CHD risks among individuals with diabetes mellitus. The association between total dietary fat and cancer is still under debate. While there is some evidence demonstrating associations between dietary fat intake and cancers of the breast, prostate, and colon, there are serious methodologic issues, including the difficulty in differentiating the effects of dietary fat independent of total energy intake. Reported total fat and saturated fatty acid intakes as a percentage of total energy have been declining over the past 30 years in the United States. Despite this encouraging trend, the majority of individuals--regardless of age--do not report consuming a diet that meets the levels of fat and saturated fatty acids recommended by the Dietary Guidelines for Americans. On a relative basis, saturated fat intake has gone down less than has total fat intake. Individuals of all ages who report consuming a diet with < or = 30% of energy from fat consistently have lower energy intakes. Given the increasing rates of obesity in the United States at an earlier and earlier age, dietary fat reduction may be an effective part of an overall strategy to balance energy consumption with energy needs. In each of the age/gender groups reporting consumption of < or = 30% of energy from fat and less than 10% of energy from saturated fatty acids, fat-modified foods play a more important role in their diets than for people who are consuming higher levels of fat and saturated fat. The data are clear than fat-modified foods make a more significant contribution to diets of consumers with low-fat intakes. While one cannot argue cause and effect from the results presented, the patterns of fat-modified foods/low-fat intakes are consistent. The focus on overall diet quality is often lost in the national obsession with lowering fat inta
Obesity in pregnancy: addressing risks to improve outcomes.; The rapidly increasing rates of obesity among women of childbearing age, not only in the United States but also across the globe, contribute to increased risks during pregnancy and childbirth. Overweight and obesity are quantified by body mass index (BMI) for clinical purposes. In 2010, 31.9% of U.S. women aged 20 to 39 years met the definition of obesity, a BMI of 30 kg/m or greater. Across the life span, obesity is associated with increased risks of hypertension, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, sleep apnea, and other diseases. During pregnancy, increasing levels of prepregnancy BMI are associated with increases in both maternal and fetal/neonatal risks. This article reviews current knowledge about obesity in pregnancy and health risks related to increased maternal BMI, addresses weight stigma as a barrier to care and interventions that have evidence of benefit, and discusses the development of policies and guidelines to improve care.
Successful neonatal outcome in 2 cases of maternal persistent vegetative state treated in a labor and delivery suite.; Two cases of maternal vegetative state after motor vehicle accidents are presented. Aggressive support allowed the prolongation of both pregnancies into the third trimester without neonatal compromise. After initial medical stabilization in intensive care unit environments, both patients were treated in a labor and delivery setting with consultative supports from various subspecialists.
The Rise and Need for Mobile Apps for Maternal and Child Health Care in China: Survey Based on App Markets.; BACKGROUND: Mobile health services are thriving in the field of maternal and child health in China due to expansions in the field of electronic health and the introduction of the two-child policy. There are numerous maternal and child health apps in computer stores, but the exact number of apps, number of downloads, and features of these apps is not known. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to explore the use of maternal and child health apps in Android and iOS app stores and to describe the key functional features of the most popular apps, with the purpose of providing insight into further research and development of maternal and child health mobile health products. METHODS: The researchers conducted a search in the 3 most popular Android app stores (Tencent MyApp, Baidu Mobile Assistant, and 360 Mobile Assistant) and the iTunes App Store in China. All apps regarding family planning (contraception and preparing for pregnancy), pregnancy and perinatal care, neonatal care and health, and development for children under 6 years were included in the initial analysis. Maternal and child health mobile apps with predominant features of product marketing, children's songs, animation, or games were excluded from the study. The 50 most frequently used apps in each of the Android stores as well as the iTunes store (a total of 78 deduplicated apps) were selected and downloaded for an in-depth analysis. RESULTS: A total of 5276 Android apps and 877 iOS apps developed for maternal and child health care were identified. Of the 78 most frequently used apps, 43 (55%) apps focused on one stage of MCH care, mainly targeting child care (25 apps) and before pregnancy care (11 apps), whereas 35 (45%) of the apps covered 2 or more stages, most of which (32 apps) included both pregnancy and child care services. The app features that were commonly adopted by the popular apps were health education, communication, health status self-monitoring, a diary, reminders, and counseling. Within the app feature of "health status self-monitoring," the researchers found 47 specific tools supporting activities such as pregnancy preparation, fetal heart monitoring, blood glucose and blood pressure monitoring, and doctor visits. A few apps were equipped with external devices (n=3) or sensors. No app with intelligent decision-support features to support disease management for conditions such as gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension was found. A small number of apps (n=5) had a Web connection with hospital information systems to support appointment making, payments, hospital service guidance, or checking of laboratory results. CONCLUSIONS: There are thousands of maternal and child health apps in the Chinese market. Child care, pregnancy, and before pregnancy were the mostly covered maternal and child health stages, in that order. Various app features and tools were adopted by maternal and child health apps, but the use of internal or external sensors, intelligent decision support, and tethering with existing hospital information systems was rare and these features need more research and development.
Impact of maternal nutritional status before and during pregnancy on neonatal body composition: A cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: The existence of early factors which, acting during critical periods of intrauterine or immediate postnatal development, determine long-term health has become increasingly recognized. Both high and low birth weight have been associated with cardiovascular risk factors in adulthood. Therefore, body composition at birth rather than birth weight may be a marker to predict future diseases. Maternal weight previous to and gained during pregnancy is associated with intrauterine fetal growth. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the correlation between maternal nutritional status before and during pregnancy and neonatal body composition. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We studied consecutive mother-child pairs at delivery at an Argentinean public hospital during 5 months period, evaluating maternal and neonatal anthropometry before 24h of life as well as the history of the mother before and during pregnancy. Neonatal body composition was calculated according to a mathematical formula based on skinfold thickness measurement validated in newborns. RESULTS: Mothers of newborns with high body fat mass were more frequently obese (72.7% versus 35.1%, p 0.005), and more frequently showed weight gain above 18kg during pregnancy (76.4% versus 31%, p 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings confirm the hypothesis that maternal obesity before pregnancy is highly correlated with neonatal fat mass in the first hours of life.
Relationship of prenatal depression and comorbidities to infant outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to provide information on the effect of prenatal depression and anxiety as assessed in the context of obstetrical care on key infant outcomes (gestational age at birth, birth weight, and APGAR scores), while simultaneously considering interactions with maternal medical conditions among primarily Medicaid enrollees. METHODS: Obstetrical medical records of 419 women presenting consecutively for prenatal care at a health system serving primarily Medicaid patients were examined. Information on maternal characteristics (age, race, education) and maternal medical health (BMI, high blood pressure, diabetes, and kidney problems), as well as mental health information, was extracted. Depression was assessed as part of routine care using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), and any documentation of depression or anxiety by the obstetrics clinician was also used in the analyses. RESULTS: Approximately one-third of the sample showed some evidence of prenatal depression, either based on PHQ-9 score (≥10) or clinician documentation of depression, and close to 10% showed evidence of anxiety. Multivariate analyses showed significant interactions between depression and anxiety on gestational age and birth weight, between depression and high blood pressure on gestational age, and also between anxiety and kidney problems on gestational age. CONCLUSION: Among this sample, the effect of maternal depression and anxiety on birth outcomes was more evident when considered along with maternal chronic medical conditions. This information may be used to assist prenatal care clinicians to develop risk assessment based on knowledge of multiple risk factors that may exert and additive influence on poor birth outcomes.
Maternal Circadian Eating Time and Frequency Are Associated with Blood Glucose Concentrations during Pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Synchronizing eating schedules to daily circadian rhythms may improve metabolic health, but its association with gestational glycemia is unknown. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the association of maternal night-fasting intervals and eating episodes with blood glucose concentrations during pregnancy. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study within a prospective cohort in Singapore. Maternal 24-h dietary recalls, fasting glucose, and 2-h glucose concentrations were ascertained at 26-28 wk gestation for 1061 women (aged 30.7 ± 5.1 y). Night-fasting intervals were based on the longest fasting duration during the night (1900-0659). Eating episodes were defined as events that provided >50 kcal, with a time interval between eating episodes of ≥15 min. Multiple linear regressions with adjustment for confounders were conducted. RESULTS: Mean ± SD night-fasting intervals and eating episodes per day were 9.9 ± 1.6 h and 4.2 ± 1.3 times/d, respectively; fasting and 2-h glucose concentrations were 4.4 ± 0.5 and 6.6 ± 1.5 mmol/L, respectively. In adjusted models, each hourly increase in night-fasting intervals was associated with a 0.03 mmol/L decrease in fasting glucose (95% CI: -0.06, -0.01 mmol/L), whereas each additional daily eating episode was associated with a 0.15 mmol/L increase in 2-h glucose (95% CI: 0.03, 0.28 mmol/L). Conversely, night-fasting intervals and daily eating episodes were not associated with 2-h and fasting glucose, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Increased maternal night-fasting intervals and reduced eating episodes per day were associated with decreased fasting glucose and 2-h glucose, respectively, in the late-second trimester of pregnancy. This points to potential alternative strategies to improve glycemic control in pregnant women. This study was registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov as NCT01174875.
Dietary fructose in pregnancy induces hyperglycemia, hypertension, and pathologic kidney and liver changes in a rodent model.; PURPOSE: The incidence of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia and hypertension is increasing along with associated morbidities to mother and offspring. The high fructose diet is a well-studied model that induces hyperglycemia and hypertension in male rodents, but may not affect females. We hypothesized that the physiologic stress of pregnancy may alter metabolic responses to dietary fructose. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this study female Sprague-Dawley rats were divided into two gestational dietary groups: (1) 60% carbohydrate standard rat chow (Pregnant-S-controls) and (2) 60% fructose enriched chow (Pregnant-F). Body weight, blood pressure, blood glucose, triglycerides, and insulin were measured in pregnancy and during the post-partum period. Maternal organ weight and histological changes were also assessed after delivery. RESULTS: By midpregnancy Pregnant-F rats had increased weight, elevated blood pressure, higher fasting glucose, and elevated triglycerides compared with Pregnant-S rats. Both groups demonstrated elevated gestational insulin levels with signs of insulin resistance (increased HOMA-IR). Pregnant-F rats showed significant histopathologic hepatic steatosis and renal tubular changes characterized by tubular dilation and glomerulosclerosis. CONCLUSION: Our study provides a model in which dietary change during pregnancy can be examined. We demonstrate, moreover, that high dietary fructose ingestion in pregnant rats may result in profound systemic and pathologic changes not appreciated during routine pregnancy.
Insulin resistance and the long-term consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome.; In a significant number of women with the polycystic ovary syndrome there is impaired insulin metabolism with hypersecretion of insulin. Insulin resistance is defined as a diminution in the glucose response to a given amount of insulin. Insulin resistance has been implicated in the pathogenesis of many aspects of the syndrome. Hyperinsulinaemia leads to increased production of androgens resulting in anovulatory infertility. Women and particularly obese women with insulin resistance and the polycystic ovary syndrome have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes and also type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The women should be counselled about long-term health risks, and obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome should be periodically screened. Lifestyle modification to reduce weight in obese women and treatment with insulin-sensitising drugs such as metformin in women with glucose intolerance result in the improvement of some metabolic abnormalities and hyperandrogenic disorders with the consequent restoration of normal menstrual and ovulatory function in a significant number of women with polycystic ovaries.
Changes in blood flow distribution during the perinatal period in fetal sheep and lambs.; We have measured total blood flows and blood flows per 100 g tissue to major tissues at 120 and 140 days gestation in fetal sheep and at 3 and 21 days of age in lambs (gestation period = 144 +/- 2 days). Between 120 and 140 days gestation, flow per 100 g tissue increased by 74, 150, and 317% in the renal, intestinal, and hepatic arterial beds, but no further significant change in flow was observed at 3 or 21 days postpartum. Blood flows per 100 g to cerebral hemispheres and cerebellar tissues also increased dramatically during late gestation (142 and 121%, respectively), but declined sharply by 3 days postpartum (73 and 75%, respectively). Brain blood flows at 21 days postpartum remained substantially below late gestational levels. Adrenal blood flows per 100 g more than doubled during late gestation, fell by more than half at birth, and only partially recovered by 21 days of age. Blood flows to carcass tissues did not change in late gestation, fell at birth, then partially recovered. Pre- and post-natal increases in brain blood flows were almost entirely attributable to increased perfusion rather than tissue growth, whereas large perinatal increases in flow to the diaphragm paralleled tissue growth. Tissue growth and increased perfusion per 100 g contributed almost equally to increased blood flows to kidneys postnatally, and to adrenal glands and the gastrointestinal tract prenatally.
[Change in life expectancy in connection with three large groups of causes of death in Medellín, Colombia, between 1989-1991 and 1994-1996].; OBJECTIVES: To examine changes in life expectancy in Medellin, Colombia, between 1989-1991 y 1994-1996, in connection with four large groups of causes of death commonly employed in studies on the burden of disease: group 1, communicable diseases, perinatal and maternal health problems, and nutritional deficits; group 2, non-communicable diseases; group 3, wounds; group 4, ill-defined causes. The latter were excluded from the analysis because of their ambiguity. METHODS: The calculations were made according to the method described by J. H. Pollard in 1986, with the aid of Microsoft Excel, by using the recommended formulas. The computations were double checked with EPIDAT (version 3.0, unofficial). RESULTS: Between 1989-1991 y 1994-1996, a total gain of 1.93 years in life expectancy was seen in Medellin, with a rise from 62.13 to 64.06 years. The gain was greater in men than in women (2.42 vs. 1.09 years, respectively). The increase noted among females was greatest in the extreme age groups (girls 1 to 4 and women over 54 years of age); in men, it was highest in the middle years (between the ages of 25 and 44). In both sexes, the greatest percentage loss in life expectancy was seen in persons 15 to 19 years of age (23% in men and 4% in women, roughly). In the group comprising communicable diseases, perinatal and maternal health problems, and nutritional deficits, a loss in life expectancy was seen in men (0.04 years), whereas in the group of non-communicable diseases there was a gain in life expectancy in both sexes (0.60 years among men and 0.55 years among women). The greater gain in life expectancy among men was linked to a reduction in mortality from wounds (1.98 years). CONCLUSIONS: If one compares the results obtained in Medellin at the end of the study period with life expectancy at birth in Colombia in 1995, which was 70 years, it is obvious that life expectancy in Medellin is still lagging behind, even though it has risen progressively over the years. This is in keeping with the epidemiological transition the city has experienced, which has been linked with a rise in mortality from degenerative and cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory ailments, and diabetes, as well as from diseases resulting from human activity. Nevertheless, this epidemiological transition has been slow in Medellin when compared to Colombia as a whole due to high rates of death from infectious and parasitic diseases, which are more characteristic of the transition in its earlier stages. Despite the fact that mortality from wounds has decreased in Medellin, particularly among young males, it may be worthwhile to reassess the effectiveness of interventions undertaken in recent years to promote peaceful coexistence and tolerance in the community.
Vitamin D in Saudi Arabia: Prevalence,distribution and disease associations.; More than 33 years have passed since the first paper highlighting vitamin D deficiency as a public health concern in Saudi Arabia was published in 1983. Despite "early" detection,it wasn't until the year 2010 where the interest in vitamin D research grew exponentially worldwide and was finally visible in Saudi clinical and academic areas. Since then,many landmark studies have been generated with regards to the physiologic functions of vitamin D,both skeletal and extra-skeletal. This review is limited to the prevalence,distribution A systematic review on the prevalence studies done in KSA from 2011 to 2016 was done and revealed that the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency (<50nmol/l) in Saudi Arabia among different populations (adults,children and adolescents,newborns and pregnant/lactating women) is 81.0% (Confidence Interval 95% 68.0-90.0),in line with most neighboring Gulf countries. Vitamin D deficiency in KSA has been mostly associated with bone and insulin-resistant diseases but limited data are available to prove causality. In conclusion,there is a need to develop local consensus guidelines that will identify candidates for screening,monitoring and treating those who are at most risk for vitamin D deficiency complications.
Vasopressin inactivation: Role of insulin-regulated aminopeptidase.; The physiological importance of vasopressin inactivation has long been appreciated, but the mechanisms and potential pathophysiologic roles of this process remain active subjects of research. Human Placental Leucine Aminopeptidase (P-LAP, encoded by the LNPEP gene) is an important determinant of vasopressinase activity during pregnancy and is associated with gestational diabetes insipidus and preeclampsia. Insulin-Regulated Aminopeptidase (IRAP), the rodent homologue of P-LAP, is coregulated with the insulin-responsive glucose transporter, GLUT4, in adipose and muscle cells. Recently, the Tether containing a UBX domain for GLUT4 (TUG) protein was shown to mediate the coordinated regulation of water and glucose homeostasis. TUG sequesters IRAP and GLUT4 intracellularly in the absence of insulin. Insulin and other stimuli cause the proteolytic cleavage of TUG to mobilize these proteins to the cell surface, where IRAP acts to terminate the activity of circulating vasopressin. Intriguingly, genetic variation in LNPEP is associated with the vasopressin response and mortality during sepsis, and increased copeptin, a marker of vasopressin secretion, is associated with cardiovascular and metabolic disease. We propose that in the setting of insulin resistance in muscle, increased cell-surface IRAP and accelerated vasopressin degradation cause a compensatory increase in vasopressin secretion. The increased vasopressin concentrations present at the kidneys then contribute to hypertension in the metabolic syndrome. Further analyses of metabolism and of vasopressin and copeptin may yield novel insights into a unified pathophysiologic mechanism linking insulin resistance and hypertension, and potentially other components of the metabolic syndrome, in humans.
Predictive factors for pregnancy hypertension in primiparous adolescents: analysis of prenatal care, ABPM and microalbuminuria.; OBJECTIVE: To quantify PH prevalence in primiparous adolescents; define predictive factors for the occurrence of PH and its impact on newborns. METHODS: We followed 29 primiparous adolescents from the prenatal period through the 12th week of the puerperium, with a mean of sixteen years of age, served at the Outpatient Facility for Adolescents of Maternidade Escola Assis Chateaubriand (MEAC) of Universidade Federal do Ceará (Fortaleza, Brazil). The pregnant adolescents were divided into two groups, that is, those who remained normotensive (Group I) and those who developed PH (Group II). The variables investigated in the assessment of the value of predictability for the development of PH were anthropometric measures, socioeconomic aspects, smoking habit, inheritance for SAH (father/mother), prenatal tests requested in the first prenatal care visit in addition to microalbuminuria and ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) in the 28th week of gestation. The pregnant adolescents were followed up at delivery and late puerperium (12th week after the puerperium). The newborns to the mothers included in our study were assessed at birth according to the Apgar score and the Capurro method, for weight, height and perinatal hypoxia. RESULTS: The prevalence of PH was 51.7%. Inheritance for SAH presented the highest predictive value for PH with an odds ratio of 10.99. Diastolic arterial pressure equal to or above 70 mmHg at the gestational age of 35 weeks was statistically significant as a predictive value for PH. At ABPM we found a predictive value for PH: diastolic pressure load during alertness, diastolic and systolic pressure load during night sleep, pressure variability and maximum diastolic pressure during sleep. Specifically a maximum diastolic arterial pressure (DAP) at ABPM during the period of night sleep (3)64 mmHg presented an odds ratio of 6 for PH with a sensitivity of 80% and a specificity of 60% for the development of PH. CONCLUSION: The research for PH predictive factors in primiparous adolescents showed to be easy to apply and useful to stratify high-risk pregnant women as regards the development of PH.
Preliminary Estimates of the Prevalence of Selected Underlying Health Conditions Among Patients with Coronavirus Disease 2019 - United States, February 12-March 28, 2020.; On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) a pandemic (1). As of March 28, 2020, a total of 571,678 confirmed COVID-19 cases and 26,494 deaths have been reported worldwide (2). Reports from China and Italy suggest that risk factors for severe disease include older age and the presence of at least one of several underlying health conditions (3,4). U.S. older adults, including those aged ≥65 years and particularly those aged ≥85 years, also appear to be at higher risk for severe COVID-19-associated outcomes; however, data describing underlying health conditions among U.S. COVID-19 patients have not yet been reported (5). As of March 28, 2020, U.S. states and territories have reported 122,653 U.S. COVID-19 cases to CDC, including 7,162 (5.8%) for whom data on underlying health conditions and other known risk factors for severe outcomes from respiratory infections were reported. Among these 7,162 cases, 2,692 (37.6%) patients had one or more underlying health condition or risk factor, and 4,470 (62.4%) had none of these conditions reported. The percentage of COVID-19 patients with at least one underlying health condition or risk factor was higher among those requiring intensive care unit (ICU) admission (358 of 457, 78%) and those requiring hospitalization without ICU admission (732 of 1,037, 71%) than that among those who were not hospitalized (1,388 of 5,143, 27%). The most commonly reported conditions were diabetes mellitus, chronic lung disease, and cardiovascular disease. These preliminary findings suggest that in the United States, persons with underlying health conditions or other recognized risk factors for severe outcomes from respiratory infections appear to be at a higher risk for severe disease from COVID-19 than are persons without these conditions.
Stillbirth is associated with increased risk of long-term maternal renal disease: a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Stillbirth is a devastating adverse pregnancy outcome that may occur without any obvious reason or may occur in the context of fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, or other obstetric complications. There is increasing evidence that women who experience stillbirths are at greater risk of long-term cardiovascular disease, but little is known about their risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease. We conducted the largest study to date to investigate the subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease following stillbirth. OBJECTIVE: To identify whether pregnancy complicated by stillbirth is associated with subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease, independent of underlying medical or obstetric comorbidities. STUDY DESIGN/METHODS: We conducted a population-based cohort study using nationwide data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, National Patient Register, and Swedish Renal Register. We included all women who had live births and stillbirths from 1973 to 2012, with follow-up to 2013. Women with preexisting renal disease were excluded. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for associations between stillbirth and maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease respectively. We controlled for maternal age, year of delivery, country of origin, parity, body mass index, smoking, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and small for gestational age deliveries. Women who had a history of medical comorbidities, which may predispose to renal disease (prepregnancy cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, lupus, systemic sclerosis, hemoglobinopathy, or coagulopathy), were excluded from the main analysis and examined separately. RESULTS: There were 1,941,057 unique women who had 3,755,444 singleton pregnancies, followed up over 42,313,758 person-years. The median follow-up time was 20.7 years (interquartile range, 9.9-30.0 years). 13,032 women (0.7%) had at least 1 stillbirth. Women who had experienced at least 1 stillbirth had a greater risk of developing chronic kidney disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-1.45) and end-stage renal disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.55-3.25) compared with women who only had live births. These associations persisted after removing all stillbirths that occurred in the context of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age or congenital malformations (for chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.33; 95% confidence interval, 1.13-1.57; for end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 2.95; 95% confidence interval, CI 1.86-4.68). There was no significant association observed between stillbirth and either chronic kidney disease or end-stage renal disease in women who had preexisting medical comorbidities (chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.73-1.75 or end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.49; 95% confidence interval, 0.78-2.85). CONCLUSION: Women who have a history of stillbirth may be at increased risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease compared with women who have only had live births. This association persists independently of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age, maternal smoking, obesity, and medical comorbidities. Further research is required to determine whether affected women would benefit from closer surveillance and follow-up for future renal disease.
Endocrinology and Pediatric Exercise Science-2016.; The Pediatric Exercise Science Year That Was section aims to highlight the most important (to the author's opinion) manuscripts that were published in 2016 in the field of endocrinology and pediatric exercise science. This year's selection includes studies showing that 1) Induction of T4 to T3 conversion by type 2 deiodinase following aerobic exercise in skeletal muscles was associated with concomitant increase in peroxisome proliferatoractivated receptor-γ coactivator-1α, and mitochondrial oxidative capacity and therefore plays an important mechanistic role in the muscle adaptation to exercise training. 2) Hypothyroidism in fetal and early postnatal life was associated with impaired spatial learning and memory and with reduced hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor in male and female rat pups. Forced (treadmill) and voluntary (wheel) exercise alleviated all these biochemical and neuro-cognitive deficits. 3) The relationship between different exercise intensities and carbohydrate requirements to maintain euglycemia at basal insulin levels among adolescent and young adults with Type 1 diabetes are nonlinear but rather inverted- U with no exogenous glucose required to maintain stable glucose level at high-intensity exercise (80%). The implication of these studies to the pediatric population, their importance and the new research avenues that were opened by these studies is emphasized.
Effects of insulin on free amino acids in plasma and the role of the amino acid metabolism in the etiology of diabetic microangiopathy.; To investigate if alterations of the amino acid metabolism may play a more important role in the etiology of diabetic microangiopathy than hitherto recognized, free amino acids in plasma were measured by means of high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) in healthy individuals (REF) and patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Isoleucine and leucine in IDDM were within normal limits, whereas they were significantly higher in NIDDM (P < 0.01 and P < 0.001, respectively). This was not due to age differences. In order to evaluate the impact of insulin on amino acid metabolism, amino acids were also measured in pregnant women (PREG) undergoing glucose tolerance tests as a screening for pregnancy diabetes and in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCO) undergoing euglycemic insulin clamp tests. Insulin considerably reduced the amino acid concentration. Isoleucine and leucine were particularly depressed. On the whole there was strong covariance between the three branched-chain amino acids, isoleucine, leucine, and valine (P < 0.0001). There was no covariance between amino acid and glucose or HbA1c concentrations. A protein meal strongly stimulated insulin production (+55 mIU/liter), whereas a galactose meal revealed only a minor increase in insulin response (+12 mIU/liter) in contrast to a tolerance test with the same amount of glucose (+67 mIU/liter). It is concluded that disturbed amino acid metabolism may be a more important causative factor in the etiology of diabetic microangiopathy than hitherto recognized and, in addition, that this may affect the therapeutic approach in both IDDM and NIDDM patients.
Preconception care: nutritional risks and interventions.; INTRODUCTION: There is increasingly a double burden of under-nutrition and obesity in women of reproductive age. Preconception underweight or overweight, short stature and micronutrient deficiencies all contribute to excess maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy. METHODS: A systematic review and meta-analysis of the evidence was conducted to ascertain the possible impact of preconception care for adolescents, women and couples of reproductive age on maternal, newborn and child health (MNCH) outcomes. A comprehensive strategy was used to search electronic reference libraries, and both observational and clinical controlled trials were included. Cross-referencing and a separate search strategy for each preconception risk and intervention ensured wider study capture. RESULTS: Maternal pre-pregnancy weight is a significant factor in the preconception period with underweight contributing to a 32% higher risk of preterm birth, and obesity more than doubling the risk for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes. Overweight women are more likely to undergo a Cesarean delivery, and their newborns have higher chances of being born with a neural tube or congenital heart defect. Among nutrition-specific interventions, preconception folic acid supplementation has the strongest evidence of effect, preventing 69% of recurrent neural tube defects. Multiple micronutrient supplementation shows promise to reduce the rates of congenital anomalies and risk of preeclampsia. Although over 40% of women worldwide are anemic in the preconception period, only one study has shown a risk for low birth weight. CONCLUSION: All women, but especially those who become pregnant in adolescence or have closely-spaced pregnancies (inter-pregnancy interval less than six months), require nutritional assessment and appropriate intervention in the preconception period with an emphasis on optimizing maternal body mass index and micronutrient reserves. Increasing coverage of nutrition-specific and nutrition-sensitive strategies (such as food fortification; integration of nutrition initiatives with other maternal and child health interventions; and community based platforms) is necessary among adolescent girls and women of reproductive age. The effectiveness of interventions will need to be simultaneously monitored, and form the basis for the development of improved delivery strategies and new nutritional interventions.
Pregnancy Characteristics and Women’s Cardiovascular Health.; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. Here we review the associations of parity and these four pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations. We explore the implications of these findings for research in life course health science and policy intended to avoid or mitigate these pregnancy-related effects. Findings suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. Pregnancy complications may be useful in identifying high-risk women, at a relatively early stage in their life course for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women.
Microvascular complications and the diabetic pregnancy.; Without strict glycemic control, diabetic pregnancies are frequently complicated by spontaneous abortion, stillbirth, or congenital malformation. Retrospective studies have been largely reassuring that pregnancy does not accelerate morbid outcomes in women with diabetic vascular disease. Improved outcomes of high-risk pregnancy in women with pregestational, type 1, or type 2 diabetes mellitus remain challenging, depending on a comprehensive and multidisciplinary team approach and extensive preconception counseling.
Risk factors for cardiovascular disease in children and young adults after renal transplantation.; Despite good outcomes in pediatric renal transplantation, life expectancy is reduced, mostly as a result of accelerated atherosclerosis. A comprehensive evaluation of cardiac status and risk factors for cardiovascular disease was performed in 60 patients after renal transplantation (age 3 to 29 yr; mean 15.8). Posttransplantation diabetes was diagnosed in 7%. Half of the patients did not engage in any physical activity, and this was associated with increased body mass index. Uncontrolled hypertension was found in 13% of patient, and 53% were on antihypertensive medications. BP index was associated with left ventricular mass index (LVMI). Dyslipidemia was relatively uncommon, with hypercholesterolemia found in 15% and elevated LDL cholesterol found in 10% of patients. Hyperhomocysteinemia was frequent (58%); in most patients, it was not due to folate or B(12) deficiency. Lipid and homocysteine abnormalities were associated with cyclosporine therapy. Echocardiography demonstrated normal LVMI in 93% of patients, although LVMI was higher than in healthy control subjects. Cardiac troponin I was normal in all patients, but N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide was elevated in 35% and was associated with LVMI and renal function. Although present cardiac status is relatively normal in pediatric renal transplantation patients, cardiac risk factors are common, and strategies to prevent cardiovascular disease need to be developed.
National mortality burden due to communicable, non-communicable, and other diseases in Ethiopia, 1990-2015: findings from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2015.; BACKGROUND: Ethiopia lacks a complete vital registration system that would assist in measuring disease burden and risk factors. We used the Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study 2015 (GBD 2015) estimates to describe the mortality burden from communicable, non-communicable, and other diseases in Ethiopia over the last 25 years. METHODS: GBD 2015 mainly used cause of death ensemble modeling to measure causes of death by age, sex, and year for 195 countries. We report numbers of deaths and rates of years of life lost (YLL) for communicable, maternal, neonatal, and nutritional (CMNN) disorders, non-communicable diseases (NCDs), and injuries with 95% uncertainty intervals (UI) for Ethiopia from 1990 to 2015. RESULTS: CMNN causes of death have declined by 65% in the last two-and-a-half decades. Injury-related causes of death have also decreased by 70%. Deaths due to NCDs declined by 37% during the same period. Ethiopia showed a faster decline in the burden of four out of the five leading causes of age-standardized premature mortality rates when compared to the overall sub-Saharan African region and the Eastern sub-Saharan African region: lower respiratory infections, tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS, and diarrheal diseases; however, the same could not be said for ischemic heart disease and other NCDs. Non-communicable diseases, together, were the leading causes of age-standardized mortality rates, whereas CMNN diseases were leading causes of premature mortality in 2015. Although lower respiratory infections, tuberculosis, and diarrheal disease were the leading causes of age-standardized death rates, they showed major declines from 1990 to 2015. Neonatal encephalopathy, iron-deficiency anemia, protein-energy malnutrition, and preterm birth complications also showed more than a 50% reduction in burden. HIV/AIDS-related deaths have also decreased by 70% since 2005. Ischemic heart disease, hemorrhagic stroke, and ischemic stroke were among the top causes of premature mortality and age-standardized death rates in Ethiopia in 2015. CONCLUSIONS: Ethiopia has been successful in reducing deaths related to communicable, maternal, neonatal, and nutritional deficiency diseases and injuries by 65%, despite unacceptably high maternal and neonatal mortality rates. However, the country's performance regarding non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, cancer, and chronic respiratory disease, was minimal, causing these diseases to join the leading causes of premature mortality and death rates in 2015. While the country is progressing toward universal health coverage, prevention and control strategies in Ethiopia should consider the double burden of common infectious diseases and non-communicable diseases: lower respiratory infections, diarrhea, tuberculosis, HIV/AIDS, cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes. Prevention and control strategies should also pay special attention to the leading causes of premature mortality and death rates caused by non-communicable diseases: cardiovascular disease, cancer, and diabetes. Measuring further progress requires a data revolution in generating, managing, analyzing, and using data for decision-making and the creation of a full vital registration system in the country.
Antidiabetic Potential of Flavonoids from Traditional Chinese Medicine: A Review.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a group of metabolic disorders in which high blood sugar levels occur over a prolonged period. Approximately 4% of the global population is affected by DM. Western medical treatment methods for diabetes including injection or oral hypoglycemic drugs have some toxic or side effects, economic pressures, and so on. Many researchers turn to discover new drugs from natural products or Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM). Flavonoids are widely distributed in plants, and many studies have shown that flavonoids possess antidiabetic properties, exhibiting not only well-recognized antidiabetic and hypoglycemic activities but also activity in the treatment of diabetic complications. In this review, we systematically summarized anti-diabetic flavonoid compounds based on structure classification by examining the PubMed, Springer Link, Web of Science, and CNKI databases. There are 13 flavonoid compounds listed which have been studied extensively and have antidiabetic features respectively. Apigenin, baicalein, and catechin mainly reduces blood glucose via anti-oxidation; hesperidin is good for diabetic neuropathy; glycyrrhiza flavonoids have a significant effect on gestational DM; quercetin takes advantage of crossing the blood-brain barrier and improving renal function. Some compounds have protective and preventive effects on diabetic complications, such as kaempferol and puerarin which are beneficial to cardiomyopathy; myricetin has therapeutic potential in the treatment of DN; dihydromyricetin might improve CI. It is a pity or might be a pointcut that most studies remain in the animal experimental stage, and further investigation should be carried out.
Reproductive history and blood cell DNA methylation later in life: the Young Finns Study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes or an infant fetal growth restriction or preterm birth, are at higher risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. We aimed to examine differences in maternal DNA methylation following pregnancy complications. METHODS: Data on women participating in the Young Finns study (n = 836) were linked to the national birth registry. DNA methylation in whole blood was assessed using the Infinium Methylation EPIC BeadChip. Epigenome-wide analysis was conducted on differential CpG methylation at 850 K sites. Reproductive history was also modeled as a predictor of four epigenetic age indices. RESULTS: Fourteen significant differentially methylated sites were found associated with both history of pre-eclampsia and overall hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. No associations were found between reproductive history and any epigenetic age acceleration measure. CONCLUSIONS: Differences in epigenetic methylation profiles could represent pre-existing risk factors, or changes that occurred as a result of experiencing these complications.
Neurobehavioral and neurochemical effects of perinatal arsenite exposure in Sprague-Dawley rats.; Exposure to relatively high levels of inorganic arsenic (iAs) is associated with detrimental effects on human health, including cancer and diabetes. The effects of lower-level exposures are less clear, and gaps in the literature exist as to the effects of iAs exposure on neurodevelopment. The current study assessed the effects of perinatal iAs exposure on rodent neurodevelopment and behavior. Pregnant Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats were exposed to arsenite (AsIII) via oral gavage on gestational days (GD) 6 through 21, and pups were directly dosed via gavage on postnatal days (PND) 1 through 21. Dams and offspring received the same doses: 0.00, 0.10, 1.50, or 3.75 mg/kg/day. Male and female offspring underwent a battery of behavioral assessments from weaning until PND 180. Brain arsenic levels increased in a dose-dependent manner at both PND 1 and 21. Results from the behavioral tests show that pre- and postnatal AsIII exposure did not adversely affect offspring weight gain, adolescent motor and cognitive functions, or adult motor and cognitive functions in the SD rat. There were no differences in concentration of several brain proteins associated with blood-brain barrier permeability, dopamine functions, and inflammation.
Indications for intensive care unit treatment among neonates born to mothers with thyroid disease: A population-based cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Thyroid diseases in pregnancy are relatively common and are associated with adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, increasing a neonate's risk of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). The aim of this study was to evaluate the indications for increased risk of NICU admission among the neonates of hypothyroid and hyperthyroid mothers. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study data consisted of all singleton deliveries (n = 734 773) between 2004 and 2016 in Finland collected from the Finnish Medical Birth Register. The odds of NICU admission (with 95% confidence intervals) were compared between the neonates of hypothyroid or hyperthyroid mothers and of mothers without any thyroid diseases by specified neonatal characteristics and morbidities using logistic regression analysis. The studied neonatal characteristics were preterm birth (<37+0 gestational weeks), low birthweight (<2500 g), the rate of small- and large-for-gestational age infants, and eight disease-specific neonatal outcomes: asphyxia, respiratory distress syndrome, meconium aspiration syndrome, pneumothorax, cardiovascular problems, infections, jaundice and hypoglycemia. RESULTS: The most common indications for NICU care were principally the same in the neonates of the mothers with and without thyroid disease: respiratory distress syndrome, infections, preterm birth, low birthweight and neonatal hypoglycemia. The preterm neonates, neonates with low birthweight, and large-for-gestational-age infants had increased odds of NICU admission if their mother had hypothyroidism. Also neonates with cardiovascular problems, jaundice or hypoglycemia associated with maternal diabetes had increased odds of NICU admissions if their mother had hypothyroidism. Further, the preterm neonates, large-for-gestational-age infants, and term infants with jaundice had increased odds of NICU admission if their mother had hyperthyroidism. CONCLUSIONS: The most common indications for NICU care were similar for the neonates of the mothers with and without thyroid disease. However, the neonates of the mothers with thyroid diseases were more likely to need NICU care. The neonates of the mothers with thyroid diseases had higher odds of NICU treatment in cases of preterm birth, large for gestational age, and hypoglycemia.
Association of low diastolic blood pressure with all-cause death among US adults with normal systolic blood pressure.; Although the effect of intensive systolic blood pressure lowering is widely recognized, treatment-related low diastolic blood pressure still worrisome. This was a prospective cohort study based on the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Adults (≥20 years old) with guideline-recommended blood pressure were included and pregnant women were excluded. Survey-weighted logistic regression and cox models were used for analysis. A total of 25 858 participants were included in this study. After weighted, the overall mean age of the participants was 43.17 (16.03) years, including 53.7% women and 68.1% non-Hispanic white. Numerous factors were associated with low DBP (<60 mmHg), including advanced age, heart failure, myocardial infarction, and diabetes. The use of antihypertensive drugs was also associated with lower DBP (OR, 1.52; 95% CI, 1.26-1.83). DBP of less than 60 mmHg were associated with a higher risk of all-cause death (HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 1.12-1.51) and cardiovascular death (HR, 1.34; 95% CI, 1.00-1.79) compared to those with DBP between 70 and 80 mmHg. After regrouping, DBP <60 mmHg (no antihypertensive drugs) was associated with a higher risk of all-cause death (HR, 1.46; 95% CI, 1.21-1.75). DBP <60 mmHg after taking antihypertensive drugs was not associated with a higher risk of all-cause death (HR, 0.99; 95% CI, 0.73-1.36). Antihypertensive drug is an important factor contributing to DBP below 60 mmHg. But the pre-existing risk does not increase further with an additional reduction of DBP after antihypertensive drugs treatment.
Relationship of endothelial function to birth weight in humans.; OBJECTIVE: Low birth weight has been associated with hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, and coronary heart disease in adult life, but the precise mechanism is debated. The endothelium is thought to play a pivotal role in each of the above conditions with abnormalities being detectable before the development of overt disease. To investigate the possibility that endothelium has a role in mediating the excessive risk of adult vascular disease associated with low birth weight, endothelial function was assessed in young healthy adults who were either of low or normal birth weight at term. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Twelve low birth weight (2.2 +/- 0.05 kg, mean +/- SEM) subjects (six men/six women; age 28 +/- 0.2 years) and twelve age- and sex-matched normal birth weight (3.3 +/- 0.07 kg) control subjects were studied. The L-arginine-nitric oxide pathway was assessed in the forearm vascular bed by using venous occlusion plethysmography during intra-arterial brachial infusion of acetylcholine, sodium nitroprusside, norepinephrine, and NG-monomethyl-L-arginine (L-NMMA). Von Willebrand factor, a noninvasive marker of endothelial dysfunction, was also measured. Comparisons were made using Student's t test. RESULTS: Von Willebrand factor was significantly elevated in low birth weight compared with normal birth weight subjects (136.9 +/- 12.7 vs. 95.6 +/- 9.5%; P = 0.016). The groups did not differ in the responses to acetylcholine (P = 0.76), sodium nitroprusside (P = 0.84), norepinephrine (P = 0.21), or L-NMMA (P = 0.35). CONCLUSIONS: The finding of elevated von Willebrand factor in low birth weight subjects is suggestive of endothelial cell injury but does not appear to be associated with dysfunction of the L-arginine-nitric oxide pathway.
Influence of maternal dysmetabolic conditions during pregnancy on cardiovascular disease.; Pathogenic factors associated with maternal hypercholesterolemia, obesity, and diabetic conditions during pregnancy influence fetal development and predispose offspring to cardiovascular disease. Animal models have established cause-effect relationships consistent with epidemiological findings in humans and have demonstrated, in principle, that interventions before or during pregnancy can reduce or prevent pathogenic in utero programming. However, little is known about the mechanisms by which maternal dysmetabolic conditions enhance disease susceptibility in offspring. Identification of these mechanisms is rendered more difficult by the fact that programming effects in offspring may be latent and may require conventional risk factors and inherited genetic co-factors to become clinically manifest. Given the increasing prevalence of maternal risk factors, which is expected to lead to a wave of cardiovascular disease in the coming decades, and the length of prospective studies on developmental programming in humans, greater-than-usual emphasis on experimental models and translational studies is necessary.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Offspring Cardiometabolic Health at Midchildhood: Project Viva Findings.; BACKGROUND: Exposure to preeclampsia or gestational hypertension is associated with higher offspring systolic blood pressure (SBP), but less is known about associations with other cardiometabolic risk markers. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied 1097 children from the Project Viva cohort born 1999-2002. Exposures were preeclampsia or gestational hypertension and mean maternal SBP in each trimester from prenatal records. Outcomes were research measures in midchildhood (mean 8.0 years) of SBP, overall adiposity, and a global cardiometabolic risk score comprising measures of SBP, waist circumference, glycemia, and lipids. We conducted linear regression analyses adjusted for maternal characteristics and offspring sex and age. In adjusted models, maternal preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (n=98, 9.1%) versus normal blood pressure was associated with slightly higher offspring SBP z-score (0.15 units; 95% confidence interval [CI] -0.03, 0.32) but otherwise predicted better cardiometabolic health markers including metabolic risk z-score (-0.23 units; -95% CI 0.44, -0.03) and several of its components as well as lower body mass index z-score (-0.27 units; 95% CI -0.48, -0.06) and lower fat mass index (-0.91 kg/m(2); 95% CI -1.35, -0.47). Similarly, higher mean third-trimester maternal SBP was associated with higher offspring SBP z-score (0.09 units per 10 mm Hg; 95% CI 0.02, 0.16) and lower overall and central adiposity but not with biomarkers of metabolic risk. Results for second-trimester SBP were generally similar. First-trimester blood pressure was associated with higher offspring blood pressure but not with other outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Higher maternal late-pregnancy SBP and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with higher offspring SBP but otherwise better cardiometabolic health.
In Utero Exposure to Maternal Overweight or Obesity is Associated with Altered Offspring Brain Function in Middle Childhood.; OBJECTIVE: The impact of in utero exposure to maternal overweight and obesity on offspring metabolic health is well documented. Neurodevelopmental outcomes among these children are, however, less well studied. To address this gap, the current study investigated brain function among 4- to 6-year-old children exposed to maternal overweight or obesity during gestation compared with that of children born to mothers with healthy BMI in pregnancy. METHODS: Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging was used to study neuronal activity and connectivity during a passive viewing task (movie) among 101 typically developing children enrolled in the Healthy Start study, a longitudinal prebirth cohort in Colorado. RESULTS: Forty-nine children (48%) were exposed to maternal overweight or obesity in utero (mean age = 5 years, SD = 0.9). Children born to mothers with overweight or obesity demonstrated hyperactivity in the left posterior cingulate cortex and hypoactivity in the dorsal anterior cingulate and the supplementary motor area (P < 0.05 for all). Children born to mothers with overweight or obesity also showed ubiquitously weaker brain connectivity (P < 0.05 for all). CONCLUSIONS: These novel results suggest altered brain function among children exposed to maternal overweight and obesity in utero.
Ponderal index of low birth weight babies--a hospital based study.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the ratio of disproportionate versus proportionate Intra uterine growth retardation among low birth weight babies using the Ponderal index. METHODS: This was a retrospective study. Medical records of babies with weight < 2.5kg delivered in the Obstetric Department were reviewed. The ponderal index was calculated to determine disproportionate and proportionate intra uterine growth retardation among low birth weight babies. RESULTS: A total of 227 babies were included. Male and Female ratio was equal. Sixty seven percent were delivered vaginally. Only 12 mothers (5.3%) had a history of maternal illness. Eighty nine low birth weight babies (39.9%) had a low ponderal index. Ponderal index in fullterm babies was < 2.2 in 54.3% and in pre-term < 2.0 in 34.9%. CONCLUSION: Nearly 40% of low birth weight babies had disproportionate body proportions. This group of babies according to foetal origins of diseases may be predisposed to Diabetes, hypertension and coronary artery disease.
Lipotoxicity and the role of maternal nutrition.; Intrauterine malnutrition predisposes the offspring towards the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. To explain this association, the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis was introduced, meaning that subtle environmental changes during embryonic and foetal development can influence post-natal physiological functions. Different mechanisms, including epigenetics, are thought to be involved in this foetal programming, but the link between epigenetics and disease is missing. There is increasing evidence that ectopic lipid accumulation and/or lipotoxicity is induced by foetal programming. The aim of this review is to provide insights into the mechanisms underlying lipotoxicity through programming, which contributes to the increase in hepatic and cardiac metabolic risk.
Physiological reactivity to psychological stress in human pregnancy: current knowledge and future directions.; Cardiovascular and neuroendocrine reactivity to acute stress are important predictors of health outcomes in non-pregnant populations. Greater magnitude and duration of physiological responses have been associated with increased risk of hypertensive disorders and diabetes, greater susceptibility to infectious illnesses, suppression of cell-mediated immunity as well as risk for depression and anxiety disorders. Stress reactivity during pregnancy has unique implications for maternal health, birth outcomes, and fetal development. However, as compared to the larger literature, our understanding of the predictors and consequences of exaggerated stress reactivity in pregnancy is limited. This paper reviews the current state of this literature with an emphasis on gaps in knowledge and future directions.
Ambulatory monitoring of blood pressure in growth hormone-deficient adults.; The aim of this study was to evaluate the 24-h pattern of blood pressure in adults with growth hormone deficiency using ambulatory blood pressure monitoring. We therefore evaluated the mean systolic and diastolic blood pressures, systolic and diastolic blood pressure loads and diurnal blood pressure rhythm. We used an auscultatory-type monitor, the measurements being made at 10-15 min intervals during the day and 20-30 min intervals at night. We included patients with a growth hormone peak of less than 3 ng/ml in at least two stimulation tests: the insulin tolerance and glucagon tests. The exclusion criteria were mental illnesses, pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, blood pressure higher than 160/90 mmHg, the use of growth hormone in the previous 12 months, severe acute illnesses, chronic liver or kidney disease and a history of malignancy. The results were interpreted according to the II Brazilian Consensus for the utilization of ambulatory monitoring. The study population comprised 27 adult patients with growth hormone deficiency, 11 male and 16 female, with an age range of 21-62 years. Five had developed the condition during childhood, whereas the remainder had adult-onset growth hormone deficiency. The mean systolic (115 +/- 16.7 mmHg) and diastolic blood pressure loads (75.51 +/- 1.90 mmHg) were normal. There was a tendency towards a lower blood pressure in patients with childhood-onset growth hormone deficiency when compared with their adult-onset counterparts. Men had a lower systolic blood pressure than women, the same pattern being found for mean diastolic blood pressure. Multiple regression analysis showed that age was the only independent variable with the statistical power to explain the variance of blood pressure in this group of patients. The incidence of non-dippers was 37.03%. Growth hormone deficiency thus seems to be associated with a change in the 24-h blood pressure pattern, with a high incidence of non-dippers.
The effect of Ramadan fasting during pregnancy on perinatal outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Although exempt, many pregnant Muslim women partake in the daily fast during daylight hours during the month of Ramadan. In other contexts an impoverished diet during pregnancy impacts on birth weight. The aim of this systematic review was to determine whether Ramadan fasting by pregnant women affects perinatal outcomes. Primary outcomes investigated were perinatal mortality, preterm birth and small for gestational age (SGA) infants. Secondary outcomes investigated were stillbirth, neonatal death, maternal death, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, congenital abnormalities, serious neonatal morbidity, birth weight, preterm birth and placental weight. METHODS: Systematic review and meta-analysis of observational studies and randomised controlled trials was conducted in EMBASE, MEDLINE, CINAHL, Web of Science, Google Scholar, the Health Management Information Consortium and Applied Social Sciences Index and Abstracts. Studies from any year were eligible. Studies reporting predefined perinatal outcomes in pregnancies exposed to Ramadan fasting were included. Cohort studies with no comparator group or that considered fasting outside pregnancy were excluded, as were studies assuming fasting practice based solely upon family name. Quality of included studies was assessed using the ROBINS-I tool for assessing risk of bias in non-randomised studies. Analyses were performed in STATA. RESULTS: From 375 records, 22 studies of 31,374 pregnancies were included, of which 18,920 pregnancies were exposed to Ramadan fasting. Birth weight was reported in 21 studies and was not affected by maternal fasting (standardised mean difference [SMD] 0.03, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.05). Placental weight was significantly lower in fasting mothers (SMD -0.94, 95% CI -0.97 to  -0.90), although this observation was dominated by a single large study. No data were presented for perinatal mortality. Ramadan fasting had no effect on preterm delivery (odds ratio 0.99, 95% CI 0.72 to 1.37) based on 5600 pregnancies (1193 exposed to Ramadan fasting). CONCLUSIONS: Ramadan fasting does not adversely affect birth weight although there is insufficient evidence regarding potential effects on other perinatal outcomes. Further studies are needed to accurately determine whether Ramadan fasting is associated with adverse maternal or neonatal outcome.
Prevalence of selected risk behaviors and chronic diseases--Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 39 steps communities, United States, 2005.; PROBLEM: Behavioral risk factors (e.g., tobacco use, poor diet, and physical inactivity) can lead to chronic diseases. In 2005, of the 10 leading causes of death in the United States, seven (heart disease, cancer, stroke, chronic lower respiratory diseases, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, and kidney disease) were attributable to chronic disease. Chronic diseases also adversely affect the quality of life of an estimated 90 million persons in the United States, resulting in illness, disability, extended pain and suffering, and major limitations in daily living. REPORTING PERIOD COVERED: 2005. DESCRIPTION OF THE SYSTEM: CDC's Steps Program funds 40 selected U.S. communities to address six leading causes of death and disability and rising health-care costs in the United States: obesity, diabetes, asthma, physical inactivity, poor nutrition, and tobacco use. In 2005, a total of 39 Steps communities conducted a survey to collect adult health outcome data. The survey instrument was a modified version of the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey, a community-based, random-digit--dialing telephone survey with a multistage cluster design. The survey instrument collected information on health risk behaviors and preventive health practices among noninstitutionalized adults aged >/=18 years. RESULTS: Prevalence estimates of risk behaviors and chronic conditions varied among the 39 Steps communities that reported data for 2005. The proportion of the population that achieved Healthy People 2010 (HP 2010) objectives also varied among the communities. The estimated prevalence of obesity (defined as having a body mass index [BMI] of >/=30.0 kg/m(2) as calculated from self-reported weight and height) ranged from 15.6% to 44.0%. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of reducing the proportion of adults who are obese to 15.0%. The prevalence of diagnosed diabetes (excluding gestational diabetes) ranged from 4.3% to 16.6%. Eighteen communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have at least an annual foot examination to 75.0%; five communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have an annual dilated eye examination to 75.0%. The prevalence of reported asthma ranged from 7.0% to 17.6%. Among those who reported having asthma, the prevalence of having no symptoms of asthma during the preceding 30 days ranged from 15.4% to 40.3% for 10 communities with sufficient data for estimates. The prevalence of respondents who engaged in moderate physical activity for >/=30 minutes at least five times a week or who reported vigorous physical activity for >/=20 minutes at least three times a week ranged from 42.0% to 62.2%. The prevalence of consumption of fruits and vegetables at least five times a day ranged from 15.6% to 30.3%. The estimated prevalence among respondents aged >/=18 years who reported having smoked >/=100 cigarettes in their lifetime and who were current smokers on every day or some days at the time of the survey ranged from 11.0% to 39.7%. One community achieved the HP2010 objective to reduce the proportion of adults who smoke to 12.0%. Among smokers, the prevalence of having stopped smoking for >/=1 day as a result of trying to quit smoking during the previous 12 months ranged from 47.8% to 63.3% for 31 communities. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of increasing smoking cessation attempts by adult smokers to 75%. INTERPRETATION: The findings in this report indicate variations in health risk behaviors, chronic conditions, and use of preventive health screenings and health services. These findings underscore the continued need to evaluate intervention programs at the community level and to design and implement policies to reduce morbidity and mortality caused by chronic disease. PUBLIC HEALTH ACTION: Steps BRFSS data can be used to monitor the prevalence of specific health behaviors, diseases, conditions, and use of preventive health services. Steps Program staff at the national, state, local, and tribal levels can use BRFSS data to demonstrate accountability to stakeholders, monitor progress in meeting program objectives, focus programs on activities with the greatest promise of results, identify opportunities for strategic collaboration, and identify and disseminate successes and lessons learned.
Thrifty energy metabolism in catch-up growth trajectories to insulin and leptin resistance.; Catch-up growth early in life (after fetal, neonatal or infantile growth retardation) is a major risk factor for later obesity, type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. These risks are generally interpreted alongside teleological arguments that environmental exposures which hinder growth early in life lead to programming of 'thrifty mechanisms' that are adaptive during the period of limited nutrient supply (or growth constraint), but which increase risks for diseases during improved nutrition and catch-up growth later in life. This paper addresses this notion of 'thrifty mechanisms' in the light of evidence that catch-up growth is characterized by a disproportionately higher rate of fat gain relative to lean tissue gain, and that such preferential catch-up fat is in part driven by energy conservation mechanisms operating via suppressed thermogenesis. It provides a molecular-physiological framework which integrates emerging insights into mechanisms by which this thrifty 'catch-up fat' phenotype cross-links with insulin and leptin resistance.
Metformin and health outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews with meta-analyses.; BACKGROUND: The objective was to capture the breadth of outcomes that have been associated with metformin use and to systematically assess the quality, strength and credibility of these associations using the umbrella review methodology. METHODS: Four major databases were searched until 31 May 2020. Meta-analyses of observational studies and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) (including active and placebo control arms) were included. RESULTS: From 175 eligible publications, we identified 427 different meta-analyses, including 167 meta-analyses of observational studies, 147 meta-analyses of RCTs for metformin vs placebo/no treatment and 113 meta-analyses of RCTs for metformin vs active medications. There was no association classified as convincing or highly suggestive from meta-analyses of observational studies, but some suggestive/weak associations of metformin use with a lower mortality risk of CVD and cancer. In meta-analyses of RCTs, metformin was associated with a lower incidence of diabetes in people with prediabetes or no diabetes at baseline; lower ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome incidence (in women in controlled ovarian stimulation); higher success for clinical pregnancy rate in poly-cystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); and significant reduction in body mass index in people with type 1 diabetes mellitus, in women who have obesity/overweight with PCOS and in obese/overweight women. Of 175 publications, 166 scored as low or critically low quality per AMSTAR 2 criteria. CONCLUSIONS: Observational evidence on metformin seems largely unreliable. Randomized evidence shows benefits for preventing diabetes and in some gynaecological and obstetrical settings. However, almost all meta-analyses are of low or critically low quality according to AMSTAR 2 criteria.
Coronary heart disease and pregnancy.; The prevalence of coronary artery disease in female patients is increasing due to changing lifestyle patterns including cigarette smoking, diabetes and stress. Since women are delaying childbearing until older age, acute coronary syndrome will more frequently occur during pregnancy. Although rare, acute coronary syndrome during pregnancy often has devastating consequences. It is associated with increased maternal and neonatal mortality and morbidity compared with the nonpregnant situation. Furthermore, it constitutes an important problem for the patient and the treating physician, because the selection of diagnostic and therapeutic approaches is greatly influenced not only by maternal, but also by fetal safety.
Deficiency of Cardiac Natriuretic Peptide Signaling Promotes Peripartum Cardiomyopathy-Like Remodeling in the Mouse Heart.; BACKGROUND: The maternal circulatory system and hormone balance both change dynamically during pregnancy, delivery, and the postpartum period. Although atrial natriuretic peptides and brain natriuretic peptides produced in the heart control circulatory homeostasis through their common receptor, NPR1, the physiologic and pathophysiologic roles of endogenous atrial natriuretic peptide/brain natriuretic peptide in the perinatal period are not fully understood. METHODS: To clarify the physiologic and pathophysiologic roles of the endogenous atrial natriuretic peptide/brain natriuretic peptide-NPR1 system during the perinatal period, the phenotype of female wild-type and conventional or tissue-specific Npr1-knockout mice during the perinatal period was examined, especially focusing on maternal heart weight, blood pressure, and cardiac function. RESULTS: In wild-type mice, lactation but not pregnancy induced reversible cardiac hypertrophy accompanied by increases in fetal cardiac gene mRNAs and ERK1/2 (extracellular signaling-regulated kinase) phosphorylation. Npr1-knockout mice exhibited significantly higher plasma aldosterone level than did wild-type mice, severe cardiac hypertrophy accompanied by fibrosis, and left ventricular dysfunction in the lactation period. Npr1-knockout mice showed a high mortality rate over consecutive pregnancy-lactation cycles. In the hearts of Npr1-knockout mice during or after the lactation period, an increase in interleukin-6 mRNA expression, phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3, and activation of the calcineurin-nuclear factor of the activated T cells pathway were observed. Pharmacologic inhibition of the mineralocorticoid receptor or neuron-specific deletion of the mineralocorticoid receptor gene significantly ameliorated cardiac hypertrophy in lactating Npr1-knockout mice. Anti-interleukin-6 receptor antibody administration tended to reduce cardiac hypertrophy in lactating Npr1-knockout mice. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that the characteristics of lactation-induced cardiac hypertrophy in wild-type mice are different from exercise-induced cardiac hypertrophy, and that the endogenous atrial natriuretic peptide/brain natriuretic peptide-NPR1 system plays an important role in protecting the maternal heart from interleukin-6-induced inflammation and remodeling in the lactation period, a condition mimicking peripartum cardiomyopathy.
Accuracy of Maternal Self-Report of Recent Preeclampsia Among Healthy Women.; Background: Preeclampsia history signals a higher risk for cardiovascular disease, but its value as a risk marker relies primarily on self-report. To identify the accuracy of maternal self-reports of recent preeclampsia, we conducted a validation study among women recruited to a web-based trial. Methods: Women with preeclampsia in the past 5 years were recruited to Heart Health 4 Moms. Preeclampsia was self-reported through an online recruitment questionnaire and affirmed via phone screen. Accuracy of maternal self-report was quantified using positive predictive value (PPV) versus medical record evidence of preeclampsia using three definitions: (1) documentation of clinician diagnosis, (2) American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) 2002 diagnostic criteria (gestational hypertension and proteinuria), and (3) ACOG 2013 diagnostic criteria (gestational hypertension and proteinuria or systemic symptoms). Results: Complete medical records were received for 290 women who delivered from 2011 to 2016 and were predominantly non-Hispanic White (81.7%) with a mean age of 31.2 ± 4.8 years. Mean length of recall was 13.6 ± 14.7 months. The majority of women (92.1%) had medical record evidence of preeclampsia using ≥1 of the definitions. Maternal self-report of preeclampsia was validated for 88.3% based on clinician diagnosis, 59.0% with ACOG 2002, and 65.2% with ACOG 2013. Conclusions: In this validation study of U.S. women, the majority accurately self-reported their preeclampsia diagnosis based on medical record review. A higher proportion of self-reports validated by clinician diagnosis than ACOG criteria, suggesting women remember the diagnosis given by their provider and providers may not always follow or document criteria when making a diagnosis.
Amylin/islet amyloid polypeptide: biochemistry, physiology, patho-physiology.; Amylin is a 37 amino-acid peptide mainly produced by the islet beta-cell. Aggregation of amylin is partly responsible for amyloid formation. Amyloid deposits occur both extracellularly and intracellularly and may contribute to beta-cell degeneration. Amylin is packed in beta-cell granules and cosecreted with insulin in response to the same stimuli but, unlike other beta-cell products, it is produced from specific a gene on chromosome 12. Basal, plasma amylin concentrations are around 5 pM, and increase fourfold after meals or glucose. Higher levels are found in cases of insulin resistance, obesity, gestational diabetes and in some patients with NIDDM. Low or absent levels are found in insulin-dependent diabetic patients. There are similarities between amylin and non beta-cell peptides such as calcitonin gene related peptides (CGRP). They may bind to the same receptor, determine similar post-receptor phenomena and qualitatively similar actions but with different degree of potency. The actions of amylin are multiple and mostly exerted in the regulation of fuel metabolism. In muscle, amylin opposes glycogen synthesis, activates glycogenolysis and glycolysis (increasing lactate production). Consequently, amylin increases lactate output by muscle and increases the plasma lactate concentration. In fasting conditions, this lactate may serve as a gluconeogenic substrate for the liver, contributing to replenish depleted glycogen stores and to increase glucose production. In non-fasting conditions, lactate can be transformed by liver in triglycerides. It is not clear at present whether amylin actions on the liver are direct or mediated by changes in circulating metabolites. A probably indirect effect of amylin in muscle is to decrease insulin- (or glucose)-induced glucose uptake, which may contribute to insulin resistance. Other actions include inhibition of glucose-stimulated insulin secretion and, in general, actions mimicking CGRP effects. Some of these actions are seen at supraphysiological concentrations. The physiopathological consequences of amylin deficiency, or excess are under active by investigated.
Deliveries Among Patients Aged 11-19 Years and Risk for Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: To characterize delivery hospitalization trends of patients aged 11-19 years and associated comorbidities and outcomes. METHODS: For this repeated cross-sectional analysis, deliveries to patients aged 11-54 years were identified in the 2000-2018 National Inpatient Sample. Temporal trends in deliveries to patients aged 11-14 years and 15-19 years were analyzed using joinpoint regression to estimate average annual percent change with 95% CIs. The association of deliveries among patients aged 11-19 years with other comorbid conditions was analyzed. The relationship between delivery among patients aged 11-19 years and adverse maternal outcomes was analyzed with unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models, with unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) as measures of effect. RESULTS: An estimated 73,198,153 delivery hospitalizations from 2000 to 2018 were included, of which 88,363 were to patients aged 11-14 years and 6,359,331 were to patients aged 15-19 years. The proportion of delivery hospitalizations among patients aged 11-14 years decreased from 2.1 to 0.4 per 1,000 from 2000 to 2018 (average annual percent change -7.8%, 95% CI -8.5% to -7.2%). Deliveries to patients aged 15-19 years decreased from 2000 to 2018, from 11.5% to 4.8% of all deliveries (average annual percent change -4.9%, 95% CI -5.6% to -4.3%). For deliveries among patients aged 11-19 years, rates of obesity, mental health conditions, substance use disorder, asthma, and pregestational and gestational diabetes all significantly increased over the study period. From 2000 to 2018, rates of severe maternal morbidity (average annual percent change 2.4%, 95% CI 1.6-3.1%), postpartum hemorrhage (average annual percent change 2.4%, 95% CI 1.4-3.4%), cesarean delivery (average annual percent change 1.3%, 95% CI 0.9-1.7%), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (average annual percent change 3.3%, 95% CI 2.8-3.8%) all increased significantly among deliveries to patients aged 11-19 years. Compared with deliveries to patients aged 20-54 years, deliveries to patients aged 11-14 years were associated with increased risk for severe maternal morbidity (aOR 1.73, 95% CI 1.49-2.00), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.71-1.88), and postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.37, 95% CI 1.27-1.49). CONCLUSION: Deliveries among patients aged 11-19 years have decreased, but both comorbidity and risk for adverse outcomes increased among this age group.
Development of vascular complications and bladder carcinoma in diabetics using pioglitazone: A five-year Indian review.; BACKGROUND: Pioglitazone has better cardiovascular outcomes and a questionable relationship with bladder carcinoma in diabetes mellitus, type II (DM-2). We sought to evaluate the role of pioglitazone in the Indian population. METHODS: This is a retrospective study at an academic medical center in India. All DM-2 patients in 2008 with a new prescription of pioglitazone were age- and gender-matched with non-users. We excluded patients with gestational DM or DM type I. They were followed forward for five years and demographic data, micro- and macro-vascular complications, mortality, and bladder carcinoma were recorded. Two-tailed p ≤ 0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Two cohorts of 260 patients, with mean age of 58 ± 11 years with 413 (79.4%) males, were followed for five years. Pioglitazone users had higher hypertension, obesity, DM-2 family history (all p < 0.003), and use of insulin and oral hypoglycemics (all p < 0.0001) in comparison to non-users. HbA1c was not different between groups. Over five years, pioglitazone users had lesser retinopathy and myocardial infarctions (all p < 0.01). Five cases of bladder carcinoma were noted, all in the pioglitazone group, however without statistical significance. Baseline variables, including mean daily pioglitazone dose, were not statistically different between patients with and without bladder carcinoma. Nephropathy and MI were independent predictors for development of bladder carcinoma within pioglitazone users. CONCLUSIONS: Pioglitazone users had significantly lesser myocardial infarctions and retinopathy despite more difficult to control DM 2. In an age- and gender-matched cohort of users and non-users, pioglitazone did not contribute to development of bladder cancer in the Indian population.
Perinatal maternal undernutrition does not result in offspring capillary rarefaction in the middle-aged male baboon at rest.; Microvascular health is a main determinant of coronary blood flow reserve and myocardial vascular resistance. Extracardiac capillary abnormality has been reported in subjects at increased coronary heart disease risk, such as prehypertension, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and atherosclerosis. We have reported cardiovascular dysfunction in a cohort of maternal nutrient reduction (MNR)-induced intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) baboon offspring. Here we test the hypothesis that there is oral capillary rarefaction associated with MNR-induced IUGR. Capillary density was quantified using in vivo high-power capillaroscopy on seven middle-aged (~10.7 yr; human equivalent ~40 yr) male IUGR baboons and seven male age-matched controls in the lateral buccal and inferior labial mucosa. While no difference was found between groups in either area by fraction area or optical density for these vascular beds derived from fetal preductal vessels, further studies are needed on post-ductal vascular beds, retina, and function.
Prenatal diagnosis: current status and future trends.; Many of the major single-gene disorders in man can now be detected in utero using restriction fragment length polymorphisms (RFLPs). This approach is based on the knowledge of established linkage between RFLPs and mutations in an adjacent gene. The development of the polymerase chain reaction has altered the available approaches to this problem. This technique permits very rapid detection of the specific mutation from small amounts of starting material and may enable us to detect the genotype from fetal cells in maternal blood or from single cells in embryos before implantation. This may lead to the selection of embryos that lack a defect before they are implanted, avoiding the need for termination of pregnancy. Perhaps the greatest ethical challenge related to the application of these techniques will come with the understanding of the genetic basis for common polygenic disorders. The clarification of the multiple genetic factors responsible for a large part of susceptibility to diseases such as diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis or ischaemic heart disease will be greatly facilitated by a one-centimorgan genetic map. The strategy involved in establishing such a map, using the polymerase chain reaction, and then the identification of genetic loci responsible for susceptibility to a typical polygenic disease (insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus), is discussed. The ability to identify individuals at high risk of developing such diseases may present opportunities for early intervention.
Atypical p38 Signaling, Activation, and Implications for Disease.; The mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) p38 is an essential family of kinases, regulating responses to environmental stress and inflammation. There is an ever-increasing plethora of physiological and pathophysiological conditions attributed to p38 activity, ranging from cell division and embryonic development to the control of a multitude of diseases including retinal, cardiovascular, and neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, and cancer. Despite the decades of intense investigation, a viable therapeutic approach to disrupt p38 signaling remains elusive. A growing body of evidence supports the pathological significance of an understudied atypical p38 signaling pathway. Atypical p38 signaling is driven by a direct interaction between the adaptor protein TAB1 and p38α, driving p38 autophosphorylation independent from the classical MKK3 and MKK6 pathways. Unlike the classical MKK3/6 signaling pathway, atypical signaling is selective for just p38α, and at present has only been characterized during pathophysiological stimulation. Recent studies have linked atypical signaling to dermal and vascular inflammation, myocardial ischemia, cancer metastasis, diabetes, complications during pregnancy, and bacterial and viral infections. Additional studies are required to fully understand how, when, where, and why atypical p38 signaling is induced. Furthermore, the development of selective TAB1-p38 inhibitors represents an exciting new opportunity to selectively inhibit pathological p38 signaling in a wide array of diseases.
High-Dose Vitamin D Supplementation Significantly Affects the Placental Transcriptome.; Vitamin D deficiency is a highly prevalent obstetrical concern associated with an increased risk of complications like pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and growth retardation. Vitamin D status in pregnancy is also linked to long-term offspring health, e.g., the risk of obesity, metabolic disease, and neurodevelopmental problems. Despite the suspected role of vitamin D in placental diseases and fetal development, there is limited knowledge on the effect of vitamin D on placental function. Thus, we performed next-generation RNA sequencing, comparing the placental transcriptome from uncomplicated term pregnancies receiving the often-recommended dose of 10 µg vitamin D/day (n = 36) with pregnancies receiving 90 µg/day (n = 34) from late first trimester to delivery. Maternal vitamin D status in the first trimester was also considered. We found that signaling pathways related to cell adhesion, immune function, and neurodevelopment were affected, supporting that increased vitamin D supplementation benefits placental function in established pregnancies without severe vitamin D deficiency, also underlining the importance of vitamin D in brain development. Specific effects of the first trimester vitamin D status and offspring sex were also identified. Further studies are warranted, addressing the optimal vitamin status during pregnancy with a focus on organ-specific vitamin D needs in individual pregnancies.
A Study of Role of Ngal in Diagnosis and Staging the Severity of Diabetic Nephropathy in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in Sms Medical College, Jaipur.; Present work was conducted to study of role of NGAL in diagnosis and staging the severity of diabetic nephropathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients to assess serum NGAL, urine albumin levels in diabetic patients with and without apparent nephropathy. MATERIAL: Comparative study conducted in the General Medicine department of SMS Hospital. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients of type 2 Diabetes mellitus. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: Patients consuming high protein diet, pregnancy, severe muscular exercises, orthostatic albuminuria, congestive heart failure, urinary tract infections, liver diseases. Patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus. OBSERVATION: The mean age of patient was 51.7 years. Here, HbA1c and NGAL were negatively correlated with each other with Pearson correlation -0.484 (p-value&lt;0.05). In prediabetic patients mean NGAL was 407ng/ml and as HbA1c increases mean NGAL decreases 276.69 ng/ml (P-value &lt;0.0012). As ACR increases mean NGAL increases significantly (P-value&lt;0.05). CONCLUSION: Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin could be a renal function evaluation marker for patients with renal dysfunction and markers for detection of diabetic nephropathy in patients with type2 diabetes mellitus.
The Association between Early-Life Gut Microbiota and Long-Term Health and Diseases.; Early life gut microbiota have been increasingly recognized as major contributors to short and/or long-term human health and diseases. Numerous studies have demonstrated that human gut microbial colonization begins at birth, but continues to develop a succession of taxonomic abundances for two to three years until the gut microbiota reaches adult-like diversity and proportions. Several factors, including gestational age (GA), delivery mode, birth weight, feeding types, antibiotic exposure, maternal microbiome, and diet, influence the diversity, abundance, and function of early life gut microbiota. Gut microbial life is essential for assisting with the digestion of food substances to release nutrients, exerting control over pathogens, stimulating or modulating the immune system, and influencing many systems such as the liver, brain, and endocrine system. Microbial metabolites play multiple roles in these interactions. Furthermore, studies provide evidence supporting that imbalances of the gut microbiota in early life, referred to as dysbiosis, are associated with specific childhood or adult disease outcomes, such as asthma, atopic dermatitis, diabetes, allergic diseases, obesity, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and neurological disorders. These findings support that the human gut microbiota may play a fundamental role in the risk of acquiring diseases that may be programmed during early life. In fact, it is critical to explore the role of the human gut microbiota in early life.
Placental abruption and long-term neurological hospitalisations in the offspring.; BACKGROUND: Placental abruption is a major determinant of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality, often related to asphyxia and preterm birth. However, the impact of abruption on the long-term morbidity of the offspring is less investigated. METHODS: We designed a hospital-based cohort study, in which the incidence of long-term neurology-related hospitalisations of offspring to women with and without placental abruption was assessed. All singleton deliveries between 1991 and 2014 were included in the study. Congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality, and multifetal pregnancies were excluded from the analyses. We compared cumulative morbidity incidence using Kaplan-Meier survival curves and estimated the risk for long-term neurological hospitalisations from Cox proportional hazards models after adjustment for putative including maternal age, parity, hypertensive disorders, pre-gestational and gestational diabetes, gender, ethnicity, and year of birth. RESULTS: Over the 22-year period, 2 202 269 person-years of follow-up, there were 217 910 deliveries of which 0.5% (n = 1003) were complicated with placental abruption. The median (interquartile range) follow-up of children in the abruption and non-abruption groups was 10.3 (4.6, 15.9) and 12.0 (6.3, 16.5) years, respectively. The cumulative incidence of total neurological hospitalisations was comparable between abruption (3.32 per 1000 person-years) and non-abruption (3.16 per 1000 person-years). Abruption was associated with increased rates of cerebral palsy (hazard ratio [HR] 6.71, 95% CI 3.32, 13.58) and developmental disorders (HR 3.36, 95% CI 1.38, 8.13), but not for total neurology-related hospitalisations (HR 1.08, 95% CI 0.78, 1.49). CONCLUSION: Placental abruption is associated with increased rate of cerebral palsy and developmental disorders in the offspring later in life. This study may define risk factors for childhood neuropsychiatric disorders, enabling early diagnosis and intervention in children with such disorders, and perhaps improving their prognosis.
Cohort profile: a prospective Australian cohort study of women's reproductive characteristics and risk of chronic disease from menarche to premenopause (M-PreM).; PURPOSE: Previous studies have identified associations between individual reproductive factors and chronic disease risk among postmenopausal women. However, few have investigated the association of different markers of reproductive function, their interactions and risk factors of chronic disease among women approaching menopause. The Menarche-to-PreMenopause (M-PreM) Study aims to examine the relationship between reproductive factors across the reproductive lifespan and risk indicators for chronic disease among women in their early-to-mid-40s. The purpose of this cohort profile paper is to describe the rationale, study design and participant characteristics of the M-PreM Study. PARTICIPANTS: Women born in 1973-1978 who participated in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH) were invited to undertake a clinical or self-administered assessment. A total of 1278 women were recruited from June 2019 to June 2021. FINDINGS TO DATE: The study measures included functional, cognitive and cardiometabolic tests, anthropometry, spirometry, respiratory health questionnaires, physical activity, sleep patterns, sex hormones, and cardiovascular and metabolic markers; whereas blood and saliva samples were used for the analysis of genetic variants of genes associated with reproductive characteristics and chronic disease. The mean age of the clinic and self-assessed participants was 44.6 and 45.3 years, respectively. The menopausal status of participants was similar between the two arms of the study: 38%-41% premenopausal, 20% perimenopausal, and 36% took oral contraception or hormone replacement therapy. Approximately 80% of women had at least one child and participants reported experiencing pregnancy complications: preterm birth (8%-13% of pregnancies), gestational diabetes (10%) and gestational hypertension (10%-15%). FUTURE PLANS: The biomedical data collected in the M-PreM Study will be linked to existing ALSWH survey data on sociodemographic factors, health behaviour, reproductive function, and early life factors collected over the past 20 years and health administrative data. The association between reproductive factors and risk indicators of chronic disease will be analysed.
[Surgical and endocrinological results after the removal of hormonally inactive pituitary adenomas by means of frontal craniotomy].; The pre- and postoperative endocrinological findings are evaluated in 128 patients suffering from pituitary adenoma without endocrine activity, undergoing surgery in the Department of Neurosurgery, University Hospital, Zürich, in the 10-year period between 1962 and 1971. The preoperative examination showed hypothyroidism in 24% of all cases. 59% of the males showed primary or secondary hypogonadism. All females in the age between puberty and menopause complained of menstrual disturbances. One patient complained of preoperative diabetes insipidus. The postoperative examination showed that the function of a partially insufficient pituitary may improve after surgery. Hypothyroidism and adrenal insufficiency became normal in 2/3 of the cases. Male hypogonadism improved in 33% of the cases. One female gave birth to a normal baby after an uncomplicated pregnancy 6 years after pituitary surgery. 16% of the cases suffered from postoperative permanent diabetes insipidus. The operative complication rate (brain edema, intracranial bleeding, epilepsy) was 32%. The immediate surgical mortality was 7% (9 patients). Recurrent adenomas were found and operated on in 9% of the cases (11 patients). Three patients had two recurrences.
Essential role for TMEM100 in vascular integrity but limited contributions to the pathogenesis of hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia.; AIMS: TMEM100 was previously identified as a downstream target of activin receptor-like kinase 1 (ALK1; ACVRL1) signalling. Mutations on ALK1 cause hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia (HHT), a vascular disorder characterized by mucocutaneous telangiectases and visceral arteriovenous malformations (AVMs). The aims of this study are to investigate the in vivo role of TMEM100 at various developmental and adult stages and to determine the extent to which TMEM100 contributed to the development of AVMs as a key downstream effector of ALK1. METHODS AND RESULTS: Blood vasculature in Tmem100-null embryos and inducible Tmem100-null neonatal and adult mice was examined. We found that TMEM100 deficiency resulted in cardiovascular defects at embryonic stage; dilated vessels, hyperbranching, and increased number of filopodia in the retinal vasculature at neonatal stage; and various vascular abnormalities, including internal haemorrhage, arteriovenous shunts, and weakening of vasculature with abnormal elastin layers at adult stage. However, arteriovenous shunts in adult mutant mice appeared to be underdeveloped without typical tortuosity of vessels associated with AVMs. We uncovered that the expression of genes encoding cell adhesion and extracellular matrix proteins was significantly affected in lungs of adult mutant mice. Especially Mfap4, which is associated with elastin fibre formation, was mostly down-regulated. CONCLUSION: These results demonstrate that TMEM100 has essential functions for the maintenance of vascular integrity as well as the formation of blood vessels. Our results also indicate that down-regulation of Tmem100 is not the central mechanism of HHT pathogenesis, but it may contribute to the development of vascular pathology of HHT by weakening vascular integrity.
Increased planned delivery contributes to declining rates of pregnancy hypertension in Australia: a population-based record linkage study.; OBJECTIVE: Since the 1990s, pregnancy hypertension rates have declined in some countries, but not all. Increasing rates of early planned delivery (before the due date) have been hypothesised as the reason for the decline. The aim of this study was to explore whether early planned delivery can partly explain the declining pregnancy hypertension rates in Australia. DESIGN: Population-based record linkage study utilising linked birth and hospital records. SETTING AND PARTICIPANTS: A cohort of 1,076,122 deliveries in New South Wales, Australia, 2001-2012. OUTCOME MEASURES: Pregnancy hypertension (including gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and eclampsia) was the main outcome; pre-eclampsia was a secondary outcome. RESULTS: From 2001 to 2012, pregnancy hypertension rates declined by 22%, from 9.9% to 7.7%, and pre-eclampsia by 27%, from 3.3% to 2.4% (trend p<0.0001). At the same time, planned deliveries increased: prelabour caesarean section by 43% (12.9-18.4%) and labour inductions by 10% (24.8-27.2%). Many maternal risk factors for pregnancy hypertension significantly increased (p<0.01) over the study period including nulliparity, age ≥35 years, diabetes, overweight and obesity, and use of assisted reproductive technologies; some risk factors decreased including multifetal pregnancies, age <20 years, autoimmune diseases and previous pregnancy hypertension. Given these changes in risk factors, the pregnancy hypertension rate was predicted to increase to 10.5%. Examination of annual gestational age distributions showed that pregnancy hypertension rates actually declined from 38 weeks gestation and were steepest from 41 weeks; at least 36% of the decrease could be attributed to planned deliveries. The risk factors for pregnancy hypertension were also risk factors for planned delivery. CONCLUSIONS: It appears that an unanticipated consequence of increasing early planned deliveries is a decline in the incidence of pregnancy hypertension. Women with risk factors for hypertension were relatively more likely to be selected for early delivery.
Breastfeeding and maternal and infant health outcomes in developed countries.; OBJECTIVES: We reviewed the evidence on the effects of breastfeeding on short- and long-term infant and maternal health outcomes in developed countries. DATA SOURCES: We searched MEDLINE(R), CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library in November of 2005. Supplemental searches on selected outcomes were searched through May of 2006. We also identified additional studies in bibliographies of selected reviews and by suggestions from technical experts. REVIEW METHODS: We included systematic reviews/meta-analyses, randomized and non-randomized comparative trials, prospective cohort, and case-control studies on the effects of breastfeeding and relevant outcomes published in the English language. Included studies must have a comparative arm of formula feeding or different durations of breastfeeding. Only studies conducted in developed countries were included in the updates of previous systematic reviews. The studies were graded for methodological quality. RESULTS: We screened over 9,000 abstracts. Forty-three primary studies on infant health outcomes, 43 primary studies on maternal health outcomes, and 29 systematic reviews or meta-analyses that covered approximately 400 individual studies were included in this review. We found that a history of breastfeeding was associated with a reduction in the risk of acute otitis media, non-specific gastroenteritis, severe lower respiratory tract infections, atopic dermatitis, asthma (young children), obesity, type 1 and 2 diabetes, childhood leukemia, sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS), and necrotizing enterocolitis. There was no relationship between breastfeeding in term infants and cognitive performance. The relationship between breastfeeding and cardiovascular diseases was unclear. Similarly, it was also unclear concerning the relationship between breastfeeding and infant mortality in developed countries. For maternal outcomes, a history of lactation was associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes, breast, and ovarian cancer. Early cessation of breastfeeding or not breastfeeding was associated with an increased risk of maternal postpartum depression. There was no relationship between a history of lactation and the risk of osteoporosis. The effect of breastfeeding in mothers on return-to-pre-pregnancy weight was negligible, and the effect of breastfeeding on postpartum weight loss was unclear. CONCLUSIONS: A history of breastfeeding is associated with a reduced risk of many diseases in infants and mothers from developed countries. Because almost all the data in this review were gathered from observational studies, one should not infer causality based on these findings. Also, there is a wide range of quality of the body of evidence across different health outcomes. For future studies, clear subject selection criteria and definition of "exclusive breastfeeding," reliable collection of feeding data, controlling for important confounders including child-specific factors, and blinded assessment of the outcome measures will help. Sibling analysis provides a method to control for hereditary and household factors that are important in certain outcomes. In addition, cluster randomized controlled studies on the effectiveness of various breastfeeding promotion interventions will provide further opportunity to investigate any disparity in health outcomes as a result of the intervention.
Expanded health data from the new birth certificate, 2005.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents data for 2005 on checkbox items exclusive to the 2003 U.S. Standard Certificate of Live Birth. Information is shown for checkboxes in the following categories: Risk factors in this pregnancy, Obstetric procedures, Characteristics of labor and delivery, Method of delivery, Abnormal conditions of the newborn, and Congenital anomalies of the newborn. These categories are included on both the 1989 and the 2003 U.S. Standard Certificate of Live Birth; however, many of the specific checkbox items were modified, or are new to the 2003 certificate. Data on selected new checkbox items are presented in this report. METHODS: Descriptive tabulations are presented on births occurring in 2005 to residents of the 12 states (Florida, Idaho, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New York (excluding New York City), Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and Washington), which implemented the 2003 U.S. Standard Certificate of Live Birth as of January 1, 2005. RESULTS: There were 1,268,502 births to residents of the 12-state area in 2005 (31 percent of all U.S. births). Gestational and prepregnancy diabetes were reported at rates of 39.3 and 6.9 per 1,000. Infants of women with diabetes, especially prepregnancy diabetes, were more likely to be high birthweight and to be admitted to a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) than infants of women without diabetes. The rate of cervical cerclage was 3.7 per 1,000; this procedure was used more frequently in twin and higher order births than in singleton births. Almost all attempts at forceps or vacuum delivery (almost 99 percent) were successful. Almost one-third of all women who had a cesarean delivery had attempted a trial of labor. Antibiotics were given to 17 percent of women during labor. Steroids (glucocorticoids) for fetal lung maturation were received prior to delivery by 1 percent of all mothers. Surfactant replacement therapy was received by newborns at a rate of 3.7 per 1,000; rates were higher for infants delivered very preterm (less than 32 weeks of gestation). Large differences by race and Hispanic origin were seen for the receipt of steroids and for surfactant replacement therapy. More than 6 percent of all infants were admitted to a NICU. Nearly one-half of all singleton infants admitted to a NICU were delivered at term. Cyanotic congenital heart disease (56.9 per 100,000 infants) and hypospadias (126.2 per 100,000 male births only) were among the most frequently reported congenital anomalies.
Risk of adverse perinatal outcomes after oocyte donation: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; RESEARCH QUESTION: In women with singleton pregnancies conceived after assisted reproductive technologies, does the in vitro fertilization with oocyte donation (IVF-OD) affect the perinatal and maternal outcomes compared to autologous in vitro fertilization (IVF-AO)? DESIGN: Systematic review and meta-analysis of studies comparing perinatal and maternal outcomes in singleton pregnancies resulting from IVF-OD versus IVF-AO. An electronic literature search in Pubmed, MEDLINE, and Cochrane database was performed. The main outcome measures were hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension, preterm birth, early preterm birth, low birth weight, and very low birth weight. RESULTS: Twenty-three studies were included. IVF-OD is associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (OR 2.63, 2.17-3.18), preeclampsia (OR 2.64; 2.29-3.04), severe preeclampsia (OR 3.22; 2.30-4.49), pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR 2.16; 1.79-2.62), preterm birth (OR 1.57; 1.33-1.86), early preterm birth (OR 1.80; 1.51-2.15), low birth weight (OR 1.25, 1.20-1.30), very low birth weight (OR 1.37, 1.22-1.54), gestational diabetes (OR 1.27; 1.03-1.56), and cesarean section (OR 2.28; 2.14-2.42). There was no significant difference in the risk of preterm birth or low birth weight when adjusted for preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: IVF-OD patients should be considered an independent risk factor for some adverse perinatal outcomes, mainly hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, preeclampsia, and severe preeclampsia. Immunological and hormonal aspects may be involved in these results, and further research focusing in the etiopathogenesis of these pathologies are needed.
Increase of long-term 'diabesity' risk, hyperphagia, and altered hypothalamic neuropeptide expression in neonatally overnourished 'small-for-gestational-age' (SGA) rats.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiological data have shown long-term health adversity in low birth weight subjects, especially concerning the metabolic syndrome and 'diabesity' risk. Alterations in adult food intake have been suggested to be causally involved. Responsible mechanisms remain unclear. METHODS AND FINDINGS: By rearing in normal (NL) vs. small litters (SL), small-for-gestational-age (SGA) rats were neonatally exposed to either normal (SGA-in-NL) or over-feeding (SGA-in-SL), and followed up into late adult age as compared to normally reared appropriate-for-gestational-age control rats (AGA-in-NL). SGA-in-SL rats displayed rapid neonatal weight gain within one week after birth, while SGA-in-NL growth caught up only at juvenile age (day 60), as compared to AGA-in-NL controls. In adulthood, an increase in lipids, leptin, insulin, insulin/glucose-ratio (all p<0.05), and hyperphagia under normal chow as well as high-energy/high-fat diet, modelling modern 'westernized' lifestyle, were observed only in SGA-in-SL as compared to both SGA-in-NL and AGA-in-NL rats (p<0.05). Lasercapture microdissection (LMD)-based neuropeptide expression analyses in single neuron pools of the arcuate hypothalamic nucleus (ARC) revealed a significant shift towards down-regulation of the anorexigenic melanocortinergic system (proopiomelanocortin, Pomc) in SGA-in-SL rats (p<0.05). Neuropeptide expression within the orexigenic system (neuropeptide Y (Npy), agouti-related-peptide (Agrp) and galanin (Gal)) was not significantly altered. In essence, the 'orexigenic index', proposed here as a neuroendocrine 'net-indicator', was increased in SGA-in-SL regarding Npy/Pomc expression (p<0.01), correlated to food intake (p<0.05). CONCLUSION: Adult SGA rats developed increased 'diabesity' risk only if exposed to neonatal overfeeding. Hypothalamic malprogramming towards decreased anorexigenic activity was involved into the pathophysiology of this neonatally acquired adverse phenotype. Neonatal overfeeding appears to be a critical long-term risk factor in 'small-for-gestational-age babies'.
Exposure to candesartan during the first trimester of pregnancy in type 1 diabetes: experience from the placebo-controlled DIabetic REtinopathy Candesartan Trials.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The teratogenic consequences of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy are well described. However, the consequences of exposure during the first trimester are unclear, especially in diabetes. We report the experience from DIRECT (DIabetic REtinopathy and Candesartan Trials), three placebo-controlled studies designed to examine the effects of an ARB, candesartan, on diabetic retinopathy. METHODS: Over 4 years or longer, 178 normotensive women with type 1 diabetes (86 randomised to candesartan, 32 mg once daily, and 92 assigned to placebo) became pregnant (total of 208 pregnancies). RESULTS: More than half of patients were exposed to candesartan or placebo prior to or in early pregnancy, but all discontinued it at an estimated 8 weeks from the last menstrual period. Full-term pregnancies (51 vs 50), premature deliveries (21 vs 27), spontaneous miscarriages (12 vs 15), elective terminations (15 vs 14) and other outcomes (1 vs 2) were similar in the candesartan and placebo groups. There were two stillbirths and two 'sick babies' in the candesartan group, and one stillbirth, eight 'sick babies' and one cardiac malformation in the placebo group. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: The risk for fetal consequences of ARBs in type 1 diabetes may not be high if exposure is clearly limited to the first trimester. Long-term studies in fertile women can be conducted with ARBs during pregnancy, provided investigators diligently stop their administration upon planning or detection of pregnancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov DIRECT-Prevent 1 NCT00252733; DIRECT-Protect 1 NCT00252720; DIRECT-Protect 2 NCT00252694. FUNDING: The study was funded jointly by AstraZeneca and Takeda.
Preeclampsia Prediction in Type 1 Diabetes and Diurnal Blood Pressure Methodology.; The most recent Cochrane reviews on oral antihypertensive drugs in pregnancy conclude that no substantial benefits for the mother or fetus are demonstrated so far. Whether this applies for a high-risk and diabetic pregnancy is doubtful. The aim of this short review is an introduction to the field of ambulatory blood pressure measurements in pregnancy and in particular in women with type 1 diabetes. Diabetic pregnancy is complicated with a 50% risk of hypertension/preeclampsia. In the nonpregnant, diabetic women minute increases in blood pressure as well as in albuminuria are forerunners for incipient and overt nephropathy. Medication is essential and can conserve renal function, modifying the risk of renal insufficiency. During pregnancy, renal insufficiency in women with diabetes leads to termination of pregnancy. Therefore, detection of minute changes based on reliable measurements in this high-risk population is invaluable to protect the mother's kidney function and, if possible, prolong pregnancy for the benefit of the fetus. Estimates of risk by blood pressure evaluation in these women are influenced by pregnancy per se and diabetes vasculopathy. Several factors have to be considered as few monitors are validated for use in pregnancy and not many of the different methodologies have undergone thorough investigation. The use of absolute values of blood pressure have the advantage that fewer assumptions are necessary on how blood pressure behaves due to modes of evaluation and biological rhythm. Monitors should be chosen with care considering the clinical setting, timing, and population, which influences the outcome, thus, the monitors ought to be validated for the specific condition they are applied for. The strategy for the studies used for safe conclusions in this brief review was chosen with priority of the papers with the best, validated methodology on BP measurements, which is by no way guaranteed in numerous recent publications. Inherent characteristics of the measurements to be considered are reproducibility, consistency, precision, and trend over scale of measurement. Studies on these issues suggest that consistency and precision depend on which monitor is used. During pregnancy, the reproducibility and specificity depend on the timing and whether measurements are performed repeatedly. Over- and underestimations of blood pressure are typical for 24-h monitoring in high- as well as low risk pregnancies. Preeclampsia is associated with urinary albumin excretion rate, reduced night/day ratio, and elevated diurnal blood pressure from first trimester and onwards. However, due to blunting of the diurnal variation, the night/day rhythm provides no good prediction of preeclampsia. Diurnal measurement is a valuable estimate of blood pressure in terms of sensitivity, specificity, and predictive values.
Relation of Pregnancy Loss to Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in Parous Postmenopausal Women (From the Women's Health Initiative).; Women with history of pregnancy loss (PL) have higher burden of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, yet it is unclear whether this is attributable to an association with established CVD risk factors (RFs). We examined whether PL is associated with CVD RFs and biomarkers in parous postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative, and whether the association between PL and CVD RFs accounted for the association between PL and incident CVD. Linear and logistic regressions were used to estimate associations between baseline history of PL and CVD RFs. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to estimate the associations between baseline history of PL and incident CVD after adjustment for baseline RFs. Of 79,121 women, 27,272 (35%) had experienced PL. History of PL was associated with higher body mass index (p < 0.0001), hypertension (p < 0.0001), diabetes (p = 0.003), depression (p < 0.0001), and lower income (p < 0.0001), physical activity (p = 0.01), poorer diet (p < 0.0001), smoking (p < 0.0001), and alcohol use (p < 0.0001). After adjustment for CVD RFs, PL was significantly associated with incident CVD over mean follow up of 16 years (hazard ratio 1.11, 95% confidence interval 1.06 to 1.16). In conclusion, several CVD RFs are associated with PL, but they do not entirely account for the association between PL and incident CVD.
[Pregnancy after simultaneouspancreasandkidney transplantation].; In this case report, a 41-year-old nullipara obtained pregnancy one and a half year after a simultaneous pancreas and kidney transplantation (SKP). After SKP, the woman had no need for insulin and no hypertension. Her kidney function was stable during pregnancy and no insulin was needed. During the last weeks of pregnancy, increased blood pressure was seen. Biochemically, there were no signs of preeclampsia and no proteinuria. An elective cesarean section was performed in gestational week 37+5 and a healthy boy, 2,710 g. (-1.2 standarddeviation) was born. Pregnancy after SKP is possible and can have a good prognosis.
Delivery outcome after maternal use of antidepressant drugs in pregnancy: an update using Swedish data.; BACKGROUND: Concerns have been expressed about possible adverse effects of the use of antidepressant medication during pregnancy, including risk for neonatal pathology and the presence of congenital malformations. METHOD: Data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) from 1 July 1995 up to 2007 were used to identify women who reported the use of antidepressants in early pregnancy or were prescribed antidepressants during pregnancy by antenatal care: a total of 14 821 women with 15 017 infants. Maternal characteristics, maternal delivery diagnoses, infant neonatal diagnoses and the presence of congenital malformations were compared with all other women who gave birth, using the Mantel-Haenszel technique and with adjustments for certain characteristics. RESULTS: There was an association between antidepressant treatment and pre-existing diabetes and chronic hypertension but also with many pregnancy complications. Rates of induced delivery and caesarean section were increased. The preterm birth rate was increased but not that of intrauterine growth retardation. Neonatal complications were common, notably after tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) use. An increased risk of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) was verified. The congenital malformation rate was increased after TCAs. An association between use of paroxetine and congenital heart defects was verified and a similar effect on hypospadias was seen. CONCLUSIONS: Women using antidepressants during pregnancy and their newborns have increased pathology. It is not clear how much of this is due to drug use or underlying pathology. Use of TCAs was found to carry a higher risk than other antidepressants and paroxetine seems to be associated with a specific teratogenic property.
Risk Factors for Adverse Maternal Outcomes among Patients with Severe Preeclampsia Before 34 Weeks.; OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to characterize rates of maternal morbidity associated with early (<34 wk) preeclampsia with severe features and to determine factors associated with developing these morbidities. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study of patients with early preeclampsia with severe features at a single institution from 2013 to 2019. Inclusion criteria were admission between 23 and 34 weeks and diagnosis of preeclampsia with severe features. Maternal morbidity defined as death, sepsis, intensive care unit (ICU) admission, acute renal insufficiency (acute kidney injury [AKI]), postpartum (PP) dilation and curettage, PP hysterectomy, venous thromboembolism (VTE), PP hemorrhage (PPH), PP wound infection, PP endometritis, pelvic abscess, PP pneumonia, readmission, and/or need for blood transfusion. Death, ICU admission, VTE, AKI, PP hysterectomy, sepsis, and/or transfusion of >2 units were considered severe maternal morbidity (SMM). Simple statistics used to compare characteristics among patients experiencing any morbidity and those not. Poisson regression used to assess relative risks. RESULTS: Of 260 patients included, 77 (29.6%) experienced maternal morbidity and 16 (6.2%) experienced severe morbidity. PPH (n = 46, 17.7%) was the most common morbidity, although 15 (5.8%) patients were readmitted, 16 (6.2%) needed a blood transfusion, and 14 (5.4%) had AKI. Patients who experienced maternal morbidity were more likely to be advanced maternal age, have preexisting diabetes, have multiples, and deliver nonvaginally (all ps < 0.05). Diagnosis of preeclampsia < 28 weeks or longer latency from diagnosis to delivery were not associated with increased maternal morbidity. In regression models, the relative risk of maternal morbidity remained significant for twins (adjusted odds ration [aOR]: 2.57; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.67, 3.96) and preexisting diabetes (aOR: 1.64; 95% CI: 1.04, 2.58), whereas attempted vaginal delivery was protective (aOR: 0.53; 95% CI: 0.30, 0.92). CONCLUSION: In this cohort, more than 1 in 4 patients diagnosed with early preeclampsia with severe features experienced maternal morbidity, whereas 1 in 16 patients experienced SMM. Twins and pregestational diabetes were associated with higher risk of morbidity, whereas attempted vaginal delivery was protective. These data may be helpful in promoting risk reduction and counseling patients diagnosed with early preeclampsia with severe features. KEY POINTS: · One in four patients diagnosed with preeclampsia w/ severe features experienced maternal morbidity.. · One in 16 patients with preeclampsia w/ severe features experienced severe maternal morbidity.. · Factors most associated with morbidity/severe morbidity were twins and pregestational diabetes.. · Patients who attempted vaginal delivery appeared to have a lower rate of morbidity..
Low-dose aspirin in the prevention of preeclampsia in twin pregnancies: A real-world study.; BACKGROUND: The use of low-dose aspirin for women with twin pregnancies remains controversial. This study was to describe the frequency of preeclampsia and aspirin use in twin pregnancies in real practice. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study based on real-world data was conducted in the Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital of Fudan University between 2013 and 2020. Women with twin pregnancies who received prenatal care before 20 weeks of gestational age were included. They were divided into those using low-dose aspirin (LDA group) and those not using aspirin group (N-LDA group). The primary outcome was the frequency of preeclampsia, and secondary outcomes included early-onset and preterm mild and severe preeclampsia. RESULTS: A total of 2,946 women had twin pregnancies, and 241 were excluded due to missing information. Of 2,705 eligible women, 291 (10.75%) were administered aspirin and the other 2,414 (89.25%) did not. The patients in the LDA group were significantly more likely to be older, have a higher rate of use of ART, have a previous history of hypertension, and have gestational diabetes (p < 0.05). In the LDA group, aspirin compliance ≥50% was relatively low (14.43%, 42/291). Preeclampsia occurred in 106 of 291 participants (36.43%) in the LDA group, as compared to 449 of 2,411 (18.62%) in the N-LDA group (OR: 2.15, 95% CI: 1.62-2.82; p < 0.01). The association was confirmed (OR: 1.74, 95% CI: 1.26-2.4; p < 0.01) in the 1:2 case-matched analysis. Higher odds of ratio in the LDA group were demonstrated (aORs > 1, p < 0.01), except for early-onset and preterm mild preeclampsia (p > 0.05). This association was confirmed in a subgroup analysis of methods of conception (aORs ≥ 1, p > 0.05). CONCLUSION: Aspirin prescription of 75 to 100 mg in twin pregnancies was associated with no significant reduction of preeclampsia, which may be due to poor compliance with the aspirin used. Further randomized controlled or prospective cohort studies are required.
Impact of parental over- and underweight on the health of offspring.; Parental excess weight and especially pregestational maternal obesity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy have been related to an increased risk of metabolic (obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome) and nonmetabolic (cancer, osteoporosis, asthma, neurologic alterations) diseases in the offspring, probably mediated by epigenetic mechanisms of fetal programming. Maternal underweight is less common in developed societies, but the discrepancy between a poor nutritional environment in utero and a normal or excessive postnatal food supply with rapid growth catch-up appears to be the main candidate mechanism of the development of chronic diseases during the offspring's adulthood. The role of the postnatal environment in both scenarios (parental overweight or underweight) also seems to influence the offspring's health. Lifestyle interventions before and during pregnancy in both parents, but especially in the mother, as well as in children after birth, are advisable to counteract the many undesirable chronic conditions described.
Chikungunya-dengue co-infection during pregnancy requiring preterm Caesarean section: first case report from Bangladesh.; We report the first case of chikungunya-dengue co-infection during pregnancy requiring emergency Caesarean section (CS) because of fetal distress in a Bangladeshi primigravida. Though previously unreported, this situation may become increasingly common.
1000 Days: The "WeCare Generation" Program-The Ultimate Model for Improving Human Mental Health and Economics: The Study Protocol.; INTRODUCTION: The COVID-19 pandemic stressed the necessity of a new resilience of the human population and health system. The "WeCare Generation" program is a new proposal of territorial intervention, with a new paradigm, on the diseases of the human body and mind. BACKGROUND: In recent decades, the independent strands of investigation on brain plasticity and early trauma consequences have demonstrated that traumatic experiences in the period from pregnancy to the age of 3 years have an enormous impact on an individual's future development, and both physical and mental health. Research shows that adverse child experiences (ACEs) are associated with a strong risk of conditions such as: harmful alcohol use, smoking, illicit drug use, high body-mass index, depression, anxiety, interpersonal violence, cancer, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, stroke respiratory diseases and, as a consequence, to a high financial cost in Italy and also across Europe (1-9% GDP) and the USA (total annual costs estimated to be USD 581 billion in Europe and USD 748 billion in North America). All this suggests that an early intervention on that traumatized-slice of population leads to multiplied savings. METHODS: A multi-center, randomized, controlled trial was designed. The parents of the future neonatal population (from pregnancy to delivery) with trauma will be enrolled, and randomized to treatment, or control arm. The article describes in detail how the primary outpoint (cost to the national health system), and some secondary outpoints, will be collected. DISCUSSION: An overall rate of return on investment (ROI) statistically significant 13.0% per annum with an associated benefit/cost ratio (BCR) of 6.3 is expected as the primary outcome of the "WeCare Generation" program. Our proposed model predicts a new medical paradigm aiming to empower new generations, with a strong return on economy and health.
Women's Health Endocrine Update.; The clinical update serves as a brief review of recently published, high-impact, and potentially practice changing journal articles summarized for our readers. Topics include menopause, sexual dysfunction, breast health, contraception, osteoporosis, and cardiovascular disease. In this clinical update, we selected four recent high-impact publications related to endocrine issues in women. We have chosen to highlight research on subclinical hypothyroidism during pregnancy and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including cognitive outcomes in offspring; the progression of metabolic syndrome severity during the menopausal transition; and the association of diabetes and metformin use with cancer risk and mortality.
Long-term metabolic consequences of being born small for gestational age.; During the last 15 years, a number of long-term health risks associated with reduced fetal growth have been identified, including cardiovascular diseases and the insulin-resistance syndrome or one of its components: hypertension, dyslipidemia, impaired glucose tolerance or Type 2 diabetes. A common feature of these conditions is the presence of high insulin levels, which are thought to play a pathogenic role. However, despite abundant data in the literature, it is still difficult to trace the pathway by which fetal events, environmental or not, may lead to the increased morbidity later in life. To explain this association, several hypotheses have been proposed pointing to the critical role of either a detrimental fetal environment or a genetic susceptibility, or indicating interaction of both. Clearly, not all subjects born small for gestational age are at the same risk of developing these complications. It appears that individuals at particular risk are those who were thin at birth and had a subsequent catch-up in body mass index, irrespective of the degree of adiposity in adulthood. It is suggested that this particular dynamic change in adiposity has a critical role in the development of long-term metabolic complications. Therefore, it is important to consider the relative impact of early postnatal events in relation to fetal growth to the diseases risk throughout life in forming health policy strategies towards eventual early interventions.
Relationship between antepartum cocaine abuse, abnormal umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry, and placental abruption.; We performed serial umbilical artery Doppler flow velocimetry studies on 314 women and grouped them according to history of antepartum cocaine abuse, placental abruption with antepartum cocaine abuse, preterm labor with antepartum cocaine abuse, preterm labor without antepartum cocaine abuse, and controls without preterm labor or antepartum cocaine abuse. Analyses excluded twin gestation, diabetes, and hypertension. The overall incidence of deliveries at or before 36 weeks was 28% (31 of 112). Thirteen (12%) of the infants were small for gestational age (SGA) and 33 (29%) were low birth weight (LBW). Almost all subjects with a history of cocaine abuse had normal systolic-diastolic ratios (S/Ds). All patients with abruption had abnormal S/Ds, as did 14 of 64 subjects who had preterm labor and a history of cocaine abuse. No abnormal S/Ds were found in the women with preterm labor or in controls. Among cocaine-abusing women, there was a significant correlation between placental abruption and abnormal S/Ds (P less than .05) and between abnormal S/Ds and the incidence of preterm birth and SGA and LBW infants.
Safety of lamivudine treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy.; AIM: To evaluate the safety of lamivudine (LAM) treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 92 pregnant women who received LAM treatment either before pregnancy or in early pregnancy were enrolled in this study. All of the pregnant women volunteered to take lamivudine during pregnancy and were not co-infected with hepatitis C virus, human immunodeﬁciency virus, cytomegalovirus, or other viruses. All infants received passive-active immunoprophylaxis with 200 IU hepatitis B immunoglobulin and three doses of 10 μg hepatitis B vaccines (0-1-6 mo) according to the guidelines for the prevention and treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Adverse events were observed throughout the entire pregnancy and perinatal period, and the effectiveness of lamivudine treatment for blocking mother-to-infant transmission of hepatitis B virus (HBV) was evaluated. All adverse events in mothers and infants during pregnancy and the perinatal period and the HBV mother-to-infant transmission blocking rate were compared with the literature. RESULTS: Among the 92 pregnant women, spontaneous abortions occurred in 11 cases, while 3 mothers had a second pregnancy after the initial abortion; 72 mothers delivered 73 live infants, of whom 68 infants were followed up for no less than 6 mo, and 12 mothers were still pregnant. During pregnancy, the main maternal adverse events were vaginitis (12/72, 16.7%), spontaneous abortion (11/95, 11.6%), and gestational diabetes (6/72, 8.3%); only one case had 1-2 degree elevation of the creatine kinase level (195 U/L). During the perinatal period, the main maternal adverse events were premature rupture of the membranes (8/72, 11.1%), preterm delivery (5/72, 6.9%), and meconium staining of the amniotic fluid (4/72, 5.6%). In addition, 2 infants were found to have congenital abnormalities; 1 had a scalp hemangioma that did not change in size until 7 mo, and the other had early cerebral palsy, but with rehabilitation training, the infant's motor functions became totally normal at 2 years of age. The incidence of adverse events among the mothers or abnormalities in the infants was not higher than that of normal mothers or HBV-infected mothers who did not receive lamivudine treatment. In only 2 cases, mother-to-infant transmission blocking failed; the blocking rate was 97.1% (66/68), which was higher than has been previously reported. CONCLUSION: Lamivudine treatment is safe for chronic HBV-infected pregnant mothers and their fetuses with a gestational age of less than 12 wk or throughout the entire pregnancy.
Rationale for the hypertension guidelines for primary care in South Africa.; New South African guidelines are proposed by the Hypertension Society of Southern Africa for the management of hypertension by primary health care services in South Africa. Specific South African guidelines are appropriate for hypertension, which is now recognised as one of the five major diseases that must be given priority by the new Government. Furthermore, patient participation and empowerment in blood pressure (BP) control become feasible through the new concept of lifestyle modification. This article gives the rationale underpinning these guidelines. The correct methods to measure blood pressure (BP), with patients sitting for 5 minutes, correct cuff-size and repeated readings, are emphasised to eliminate the 'white coat' effect and ensure accurate BP readings. The rationale for the overall management of all atherosclerosis-related risk factors is given, as are the principles of non-drug hypertension treatment and patient education. We emphasise that patients must understand hypertension to be a risk factor and not a disease. Patients should also be empowered to contribute to effective BP control. The justification for the chosen BP levels at which specific action is required by the primary health care team is given. The BP levels span the range from mild hypertension, requiring conservative treatment schedules, to possible malignant hypertension, which requires urgent management and referral to the appropriate level of care. The motivation for cost-effective antihypertensive drug therapy is provided. The recommended initiation of drug therapy is with effective, safe low-cost drugs. Suggested first-line therapy comprises lifestyle management and low-dose diuretics. The second-line drugs, in order of increasing price, are low-dose reserpine, or a beta-blocker, or a calcium blocker, or an ACE inhibitor. For third-line therapy hydralazine is chosen, or other second-line drugs could be added. Where possible, the examples of specific drugs given are those for which a generic is available, to ensure cost-containment. The motivation for drug choices for hypertension in special cases such as pregnancy, the elderly, blacks and patients with diabetes and renal disease is given. The management of malignant hypertension receives special attention.
Pregnancy outcomes after first trimester exposure to phentermine/fenfluramine.; BACKGROUND: Fenfluramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1997 because of its association with cardiac-valve abnormalities in adults. The combination of fenfluramine and phentermine had been widely used to promote weight loss, and many women were inadvertently exposed during the first trimester of pregnancy. The possible effect on the developing fetus has not been studied. METHODS: Controlled prospective cohort study comparing 98 women who had taken phentermine/fenfluramine to 233 women who had not, all of whom contacted the California Teratogen Information Service during pregnancy. RESULTS: The proportion of liveborn infants with major structural anomalies was similar in the two groups (3.6% vs. 1.0%, relative risk (RR) 3.59; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61, 21.10), as was the proportion of infants with >or=3 minor anomalies (11.7% vs. 7.6%, RR 1.53; 95% CI 0.61, 3.82). Furthermore, no pattern of malformation was identified. There were no significant differences between the groups in spontaneous pregnancy loss (6.1% vs. 8.2%, P = 0.65) or premature delivery (8.6% vs. 7.7%, P = 0.95). Birth weight and head circumference were significantly increased in the exposed group; however, these differences were not associated with anorexiant use itself. The rate of gestational diabetes was significantly increased in pregnant women who took phentermine/fenfluramine during the first trimester of pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Although it is not possible from this study to rule out weak to moderate associations, the lack of an increased risk of spontaneous pregnancy loss, and major or minor anomalies in the offspring of women who took phentermine/fenfluramine at the recommended daily dose during the first trimester of pregnancy is reassuring.
First trimester prenatal metal mixtures, vitamins, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in the project viva cohort.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) such as preeclampsia and gestational hypertension are major contributors to maternal and child morbidity and mortality. Previous studies have reported associations with selected metals and vitamins but are limited in sample size and non-prospective study designs. We evaluated prospective associations of metal mixtures with HDP and tested interactions by vitamins. STUDY DESIGN: We measured first trimester (median = 10.1 weeks) concentrations of essential (copper, magnesium, manganese, selenium, zinc) and nonessential (arsenic, barium, cadmium, cesium, mercury, lead) metals in red blood cells (n = 1,386) and vitamins (B(12) and folate) in plasma (n = 924) in Project Viva, a pre-birth US cohort. We collected diagnosis of HDP by reviewing medical records. We used multinomial logistic regression and Bayesian Kernel Machine Regression to estimate individual and joint associations of metals with HDP and interactions by vitamins, after adjusting for key covariates. RESULTS: The majority of participants were non-Hispanic white (72.5 %), never smokers (68.5 %) with a mean (SD) age of 32.3 (4.6) years. Fifty-two (3.8 %) developed preeclampsia and 94 (6.8 %) gestational hypertension. A doubling in first trimester erythrocyte copper was associated with 78 % lower odds of preeclampsia (OR=0.22, 95 % confidence interval: 0.08, 0.60). We also observed significant associations between higher erythrocyte total arsenic and lower odds of preeclampsia (OR=0.80, 95 % CI: 0.66, 0.97) and higher vitamin B(12) and increased odds of gestational hypertension (OR=1.79, 95 % CI: 1.09, 2.96), but associations were attenuated after adjustment for dietary factors. Lower levels of the overall metal mixture and essential metal mixture were associated with higher odds of preeclampsia. We found no evidence of interactions by prenatal vitamins or between metals. CONCLUSION: Lower levels of a first-trimester essential metal mixture were associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia, primarily driven by copper. No associations were observed between other metals and HDP after adjustment for confounders and diet.
High Blood Pressure at Early School Age Among Extreme Preterms.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Former preterm infants are at increased risk of hypertension with increasing age. Our objective was to identify rates of high blood pressure (BP) (≥90th percentile) and hypertension (BP ≥95th percentile) and associated risk factors among extreme preterm (EPT) infants at 6 to 7 years of age. METHODS: Assessment included BP and anthropometrics. Comparisons were made by BP ≥90th versus <90th percentile. Regressions were run to identify relative risk (RR) of factors associated with BP ≥90th percentile. RESULTS: Among 379 EPT infants, 20.6% had systolic high BP, 10.8% systolic hypertension, 21.4% diastolic high BP, and 11.4% diastolic hypertension. Children with systolic high BP had higher rates of BMI, triceps skinfolds >85th percentile, and waist circumference >90th percentile. In regression analyses, weight gain velocity from 18 months to school age (RR = 1.36), and maternal gestational diabetes (MGD) (RR = 2.04) predicted systolic and either systolic and/or diastolic high BP (RR = 1.27 and RR = 1.67). Among children with BMI <85th percentile, 17% had systolic and 19% had diastolic high BP. Regression analysis for normal weight children indicated public insurance (RR = 2.46) and MGD (RR = 2.16) predicted systolic high BP, and MGD (RR = 2.08) predicted either systolic or diastolic high BP. CONCLUSIONS: Both overweight and normal weight EPT children are at risk for high BP and hypertension. Public insurance, MGD, and weight gain velocity are risk factors. Findings of high BP among EPT children at early school age are worrisome and indicate a need for close follow-up.
The Real Maternal Risks in a Pregnancy: A Structured Review to Enhance Maternal Understanding and Education.; This review sought to use high-level published data sources for system knowledge translation, collaborative enhanced maternal education and understanding, and prospective maternal quality and safety care planning. The goal was to answer the following question: What are the short- and long-term maternal risks ("near misses," adverse events, severe morbidity and mortality) associated with pregnancy and childbirth? A structured analysis of the literature (systematic review, meta-analysis, observational case-control cohort), focusing on publications between 2016 and April 2019, was undertaken using the following key word search strategy: maternal, morbidity, mortality, co-morbidities (BMI, fertility, hypertension, cardiac, chronic renal disease, diabetes, mental health, stroke), preconception, antepartum, intrapartum, postpartum, "near miss," and adverse events. Only large cohort database sources with control comparison studies were accepted for inclusion because maternal mortality events are rare. Systematic review and meta-analysis were not undertaken because of the wide clinical scope and the goal of creating an education algorithm tool. For this educational tool, the results were presented in a counselling format that included a control group of common maternal morbidity from a regional maternity cohort (2017) of 54 000 births and published risk estimates for pre-conception, pregnancy-associated comorbidity, pregnancy-onset conditions, long-term maternal health associations, and maternal mortality scenarios. Because issues related to maternal comorbidities are increasing in prevalence, personalized pre-conception education on maternal pregnancy risk estimates needs to be encouraged and available to promote greater understanding. This maternal morbidity and mortality evaluation tool allows for patient-provider review and recognition of the possible leading factors associated with an increased risk of maternal morbidity: pre-conception risks (maternal age >45 years; pre-existing cardiac or hypertensive conditions) and pregnancy-obstetrical risks (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, eclampsia; caesarean delivery, whether preterm or term; operative vaginal delivery; maternal sepsis; placenta accreta spectrum; and antepartum or postpartum hemorrhage).
An assessment of baseline risk factors for peripartum maternal critical care interventions.; BACKGROUND: Maternal morbidity presents a growing challenge to the American healthcare system and increasing numbers of patients are requiring higher levels of care in pregnancy. Identifying patients at high risk for critical care interventions, including intensive care unit admission, during delivery hospitalizations may facilitate appropriate multidisciplinary planning and lead to improved maternal safety. Baseline risk factors for critical care in pregnancy have not been well-described previously. OBJECTIVE: This study assesses baseline factors associated with critical care interventions that were present at admission for delivery. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a multicenter observational registry of pregnancy after prior uterine surgery and primary cesarean delivery. All women with known gestational age were included. The primary outcome measure was a composite of critical care interventions that included postpartum intensive care unit admission, mechanical ventilation, central intravenous access, and arterial line placement. Risk for this critical care outcome measure was compared by selected baseline and obstetric characteristics known at the time of hospital admission, including maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, race, maternal co-morbidities, parity, and plurality. We evaluated these potential predictors and fit a multivariable logistic regression model to ascertain the most significant risk factors for critical care during a delivery hospitalization. RESULTS: 73,096 of 73,257 women in the parent trial met inclusion criteria, of whom 505 underwent a critical care intervention (0.7%). In the adjusted model, heart disease [aOR = 10.05, CI = 6.97 - 14.49], renal disease [aOR = 2.78, CI = 1.49 - 5.18], and connective tissue disease [aOR = 3.27, CI = 1.52 - 6.99], as well as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [aOR = 2.04, CI = 1.31 - 3.17] were associated with the greatest odds of critical care intervention [p < .01] (Table 2). Other predictors associated with increased risk included maternal age, African American race, smoking, diabetes, asthma, anemia, nulliparity, and twin pregnancy. CONCLUSION: In this cohort, women with cardiac disease, renal disease, connective tissue disease and preeclampsia spectrum disorders were at increased risk for critical care interventions. Obstetric providers should assess patient risk routinely, ensure appropriate maternal level of care, and create multidisciplinary plans to improve maternal safety and reduce risk.
Prenatal Health Care Outcomes Before and During the COVID-19 Pandemic Among Pregnant Individuals and Their Newborns in an Integrated US Health System.; IMPORTANCE: The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the use of telemedicine. However, data on the integration of telemedicine in prenatal health care and health outcomes are sparse. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate a multimodal model of in-office and telemedicine prenatal health care implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic and its association with maternal and newborn health outcomes. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study of pregnant individuals using longitudinal electronic health record data was conducted at Kaiser Permanente Northern California, an integrated health care system serving a population of 4.5 million people. Individuals who delivered a live birth or stillbirth between July 1, 2018, and October 21, 2021, were included in the study. Data were analyzed from January 2022 to May 2023. EXPOSURE: Exposure levels to the multimodal prenatal health care model were separated into 3 intervals: unexposed (T1, birth delivery between July 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020), partially exposed (T2, birth delivery between March 1, 2020, and December 5, 2020), and fully exposed (T3, birth delivery between December 6, 2020, and October 31, 2021). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Primary outcomes included rates of preeclampsia and eclampsia, severe maternal morbidity, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. The distributions of demographic and clinical characteristics, care processes, and health outcomes for birth deliveries within each of the 3 intervals of interest were assessed with standardized mean differences calculated for between-interval contrasts. Interrupted time series analyses were used to examine changes in rates of perinatal outcomes and its association with the multimodal prenatal health care model. Secondary outcomes included gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, depression, venous thromboembolism, newborn Apgar score, transient tachypnea, and birth weight. RESULTS: The cohort included 151 464 individuals (mean [SD] age, 31.3 [5.3] years) who delivered a live birth or stillbirth. The mean (SD) number of total prenatal visits was similar in T1 (9.41 [4.75] visits), T2 (9.17 [4.50] visits), and T3 (9.15 [4.66] visits), whereas the proportion of telemedicine visits increased from 11.1% (79 214 visits) in T1 to 20.9% (66 726 visits) in T2 and 21.3% (79 518 visits) in T3. NICU admission rates were 9.2% (7014 admissions) in T1, 8.3% (2905 admissions) in T2, and 8.6% (3615 admissions) in T3. Interrupted time series analysis showed no change in NICU admission risk during T1 (change per 4-week interval, -0.22%; 95% CI, -0.53% to 0.09%), a decrease in risk during T2 (change per 4-week interval, -0.91%; 95% CI, -1.77% to -0.03%), and an increase in risk during T3 (change per 4-week interval, 1.75%; 95% CI, 0.49% to 3.02%). There were no clinically relevant changes between T1, T2, and T3 in the rates of risk of preeclampsia and eclampsia (change per 4-week interval, 0.76% [95% CI, 0.39% to 1.14%] for T1; -0.19% [95% CI, -1.19% to 0.81%] for T2; and -0.80% [95% CI, -2.13% to 0.55%] for T3), severe maternal morbidity (change per 4-week interval , 0.12% [95% CI, 0.40% to 0.63%] for T1; -0.39% [95% CI, -1.00% to 1.80%] for T2; and 0.99% [95% CI, -0.88% to 2.90%] for T3), cesarean delivery (change per 4-week interval, 0.06% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.23%] for T1; -0.03% [95% CI, -0.49% to 0.44%] for T2; and -0.05% [95% CI, -0.68% to 0.59%] for T3), preterm birth (change per 4-week interval, 0.23% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.57%] for T1; -0.37% [95% CI, -1.29% to 0.55%] for T2; and -0.15% [95% CI, -1.41% to 1.13%] for T3), or secondary outcomes. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: These findings suggest that a multimodal prenatal health care model combining in-office and telemedicine visits performed adequately compared with in-office only prenatal health care, supporting its continued use after the pandemic.
Poor maternal nutrition followed by accelerated postnatal growth leads to telomere shortening and increased markers of cell senescence in rat islets.; Low birth weight (LBW) followed by accelerated postnatal growth is associated with increased risk of developing age-associated diseases such as type 2 diabetes. Gestational protein restriction in rats causes LBW, beta-cell dysfunction, and reduced longevity. These effects may be mediated by accelerated cellular aging. This study tested the hypothesis that LBW followed by rapid postnatal catch-up growth leads to islet telomere shortening through alterations in antioxidant defense capacity, stress/senescence marker proteins, and DNA repair mechanisms at the gene expression level. We used our rat model of gestational protein restriction (recuperated offspring) and control offspring. Southern blotting revealed shorter (P<0.001) islet telomeres in recuperated animals compared to controls. This was associated with increased expression of peroxiredoxin 1 (P<0.05), peroxiredoxin 3 (P<0.01), and heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) (P<0.05), which are up-regulated under stress conditions. MnSOD expression was significantly (P<0.05) decreased in recuperated offspring, suggesting partial impairment of mitochondrial antioxidant defenses. Markers of cellular senescence p21 and p16 were also increased (P<0.01 and P<0.05, respectively) in the recuperated group. We conclude that maternal diet influences expression of markers of cellular stress and telomere length in pancreatic islets. This may provide a mechanistic link between early nutrition and growth and type 2 diabetes.
Periodontal disease and general health.; There is considerable interest in the possible relationship between periodontal disease and pregnancy complications, cardiovascular disease, diabetes and respiratory diseases. This interest has been stimulated by data obtained from epidemiological studies and a better understanding of the pathogenesis of periodontal disease. Whilst much of the data support an association between oral and general health, further studies are needed to accept or reject a causal relationship.
Early-pregnancy plasma per- and polyfluoroalkyl substance (PFAS) concentrations and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in the Project Viva cohort.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), defined here as hypertensive disorders with onset in pregnancy (i.e., gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and preeclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension), affect up to 10% of pregnancies in the United States and are associated with substantial maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) are associated with adverse cardiometabolic outcomes during pregnancy, but associations between PFAS and HDP are inconsistent and joint effects of PFAS mixtures have not been evaluated. METHODS: We studied 1,558 pregnant individuals from the Project Viva cohort, recruited during 1999-2002. We quantified concentrations of eight PFAS in plasma samples (median 9.7 weeks of gestation). Using clinical records, we calculated trimester-specific mean systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressure and categorized HDP status [no HDP (normotensive & chronic hypertension), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia]. We estimated associations of individual PFAS with HDP using multinomial logistic regression and estimated associations with blood pressure using linear regression. We used Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) and quantile g-computation to assess joint effects of the PFAS mixture on HDP and blood pressure measures. RESULTS: Four percent of participants developed preeclampsia and 7% developed gestational hypertension. We observed higher odds of gestational hypertension, but not preeclampsia, per doubling of perfluorooctanoate (PFOA) [OR = 1.51 (95% confidence interval: 1.12, 2.03)], perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) [OR = 1.38 (1.04, 1.82)], and perfluorohexane sulfonate [OR = 1.28 (1.06, 1.54)] concentrations. We observed higher mean DBP per doubling of PFOA [2nd trimester (T2): 0.39 mmHg (-0.01, 0.78); 3rd trimester (T3): 0.56 mmHg (0.14, 0.98)] and PFOS [T2: 0.46 mmHg (0.11, 0.82); T3: 0.43 mmHg (0.05, 0.80)]. The PFAS mixture was positively associated with odds of gestational hypertension [75th vs. 50th percentile: OR = 1.14 (95% credible interval:1.03, 1.25), BKMR] and mean DBP [T2 = 0.17 mmHg (-0.06, 0.40); T3 = 0.22 mmHg (-0.03, 0.48), BKMR]. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that exposure to certain PFAS may increase the odds of gestational hypertension during pregnancy, with potential implications for subsequent maternal and child health outcomes.
Tricuspid atresia and tetralogy of Fallot in an infant of a diabetic mother.; An infant of a diabetic mother with a prenatal diagnosis of tetralogy of Fallot and tricuspid atresia is presented. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first report of such an association.
Higher pulse wave velocity in young adult offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes: a case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes have an increased risk for acquiring early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD). Arterial stiffness, measured as pulse wave velocity (PWV), is a non-invasive biomarker for CVD risk assessment. Our aim is to determine whether PWV is increased in young adult offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: This is a case-control study carried out in the hospital district of Helsinki and Uusimaa, Finland. 75 offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes (cases) and 84 offspring of mothers without diabetes (controls), aged 18-23 years, were enrolled in this study. All participants attended clinical assessments, including questionnaires and laboratory tests. Carotid-femoral PWV (cfPWV), carotid-radial PWV (crPWV), and PWV ratio were measured from each participant using the Complior Analyse mechanotransducer (Alam Medical, France). Student's t-test and chi-squared test were used to assess differences between the groups. Stata 17.0, StataCorp LP (College Station, TX, USA) statistical package was used for the analysis. RESULTS: We did not observe any differences in conventional CVD risk factors: systolic blood pressure, LDL, Hb(A1c), and smoking between cases and controls. We detected higher cfPWV in cases 6.5 (SD ± 1.2) m/s than in controls 6.2 (SD ± 0.7) m/s, p = 0.049, after adjustments for BMI, smoking, mean arterial pressure, height, and pulse rate was made. We did not observe any difference between cases and controls regarding crPWV or PWV ratio. Additionally, we detected no sex differences. CONCLUSIONS: We report a novel finding of signs of increased arterial stiffness already in young adult offspring of mothers with type 1 diabetes compared to matched offspring of mothers without diabetes. Our finding suggests that exposure to an adverse intrauterine environment of type 1 diabetes mothers may affect the vascular health of offspring already in young adulthood. Additional research within this topic is warranted.
Perinatal programming of metabolic diseases: The role of glucocorticoids.; The worldwide increase in metabolic diseases has urged the scientific community to improve our understanding about the mechanisms underlying its cause and effects. A well supported area of studies had related maternal stress with early programming to the later metabolic diseases. Mechanisms upon origins of metabolic disturbances are not yet fully understood, even though stressful factors rising glucocorticoids have been put out as pivotal trigger by programming metabolic diseases as long-term consequence. Considering energy balance and glucose homeostasis, by producing and/or sensing regulator signals, hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis and endocrine pancreas are directly affected by glucocorticoids excess. We focus on the evidences reporting the role of increased glucocorticoids due to perinatal insults on the physiological systems involved in the metabolic homeostasis and in the target organs such as endocrine pancreas, white adipose tissue and blood vessels. Besides, we review some mechanisms underlining the malprogramming of type 2 diabetes, obesity and hypertension. Studies on this field are currently ongoing and even there is a good understanding regarding the effects of glucocorticoids addressing metabolic diseases, few is known about the relationship between maternal insults rising glucocorticoids to pups' metabolic disturbances, a thorough understanding about that may provide pivotal clinical clues regarding those disorders.
OS109. Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves saturated fat-intake, but not exercise and smoking habits: results of the pro-active study.; INTRODUCTION: Women with a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intra-uterine growth restriction and/or gestational diabetes are at increased risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Lifestyle intervention may help these women to effectively lower these risks. OBJECTIVES: To test if offering lifestyle intervention after a complicated pregnancy significantly improves saturated fat-intake and exercise (primary objectives) and/or smoking habits (secondary objective). METHODS: The Pro-Active study (Postpartum Rotterdam Appraisal of Cardiovascular health and Tailored Intervention) is a feasibility study to develop and evaluate a postpartum lifestyle intervention program. In a prospective case-control setting we tested the effect of the lifestyle intervention. Women were included between April 2007 and August 2009. They were eligible if ⩾18 years old at time of inclusion, being able to understand and speak the Dutch language and not having pre-existing conditions that could interfere with the lifestyle intervention. Cases were offered lifestyle intervention by a trained counsellor between 6 and 10 months postpartum. During 3 private sessions, mainly exercise and fat-intake and to some extend smoking habits were discussed and aims were made to improve lifestyle. Controls did not receive these sessions, but were not restricted to improve lifestyle on their own. Lifestyle habits were scored at 6 and 13 months postpartum. For saturated fat-intake we used the Maastricht Fatlist. For exercise we used the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ). For smoking habits we used a short version of the questionnaire of STIVORO (the Dutch anti-smoking association). We also performed a formative evaluation of the intervention program. RESULTS: During our study 1121 women gave birth after a complicated pregnancy. 490 Women were eligible for the study of which 240 women (49%) gave informed consent to participate. 56 Women (23%) were lost-to-follow-up, leaving 186 women for the analysis. Between 6 and 13 months postpartum saturated fat-intake was significantly reduced by 3.6g/day (95%>CI 1.8-5.4) in cases compared to controls. Exercise was improved in cases compared to controls, but it did not reach significance (277 MET's (-2699-3254)). Although smoking decreased from 14.5% to 10.4% in cases, it was not significant and comparable to the decrease in controls (15.0% to 8.4%). The formative evaluation showed that the most important motivator to improve lifestyle was the increased risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease (70%) and the increased risk for recurrence in a next pregnancy (57%). Main barriers were an already busy life (40%), distance (35%) and duration (38%) of travelling to the hospital and to early postpartum to pay attention to lifestyle (26%). CONCLUSION: Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy may be effective in improving saturated fat-intake. Other interventions, specially aimed at postpartum women, are needed to improve exercise and smoking habits. More research is needed to develop lifestyle intervention program specifically aimed at these women. New possibilities of multimedia are promising.
Effects of COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy on SARS-CoV-2 infection and maternal and neonatal outcomes: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, but no systematic synthesis of evidence on COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy against these outcomes has been undertaken. Thus, we aimed to assess the collective evidence on the effects of COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy on maternal and neonatal outcomes. PubMed/MEDLINE, CENTRAL, and EMBASE were systematically searched for articles published up to 1 November 2022. A systematic review and meta-analysis were performed to calculate pooled effects size and 95% confidence interval (CI). We evaluated 30 studies involving 862,272 individuals (308,428 vaccinated and 553,844 unvaccinated). Overall pooled analyses in pregnant women during pregnancy showed reduced risks of SARS-CoV-2 infection by 60% (41%-73%), COVID-19 hospitalisation during pregnancy by 53% (31%-69%), and COVID-19 intensive care unit (ICU) admission by 82% (12%-99%). Neonates of vaccinated women were 1.78 folds more likely to acquire SARS-CoV-2 infection during the first 2, 4 and 6 months of life during the Omicron period. The risk of stillbirth was reduced by 45% (17%-63%) in association with vaccination (vs. no vaccination) in pregnancy. A decrease of 15% (3%-25%), 33% (14%-48%), and 33% (17%-46%) in the odds of preterm births before 37, 32 and 28 weeks' gestation were associated with vaccination (vs. no vaccination) in pregnancy, respectively. The risk of neonatal ICU admission was significantly lower by 20% following COVID-19 vaccination in pregnancy (16%-24%). There was no evidence of a higher risk of adverse outcomes including miscarriage, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, cardiac problems, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, unassisted vaginal delivery, cesarean delivery, postpartum haemorrhage, gestational age at delivery, placental abruption, Apgar score at 5 min below 7, low birthweight (<2500 g), very low birthweight (<1500 g), small for gestational age, and neonatal foetal abnormalities. COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy is safe and highly effective in preventing maternal SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy, without increasing the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, and is associated with a reduction in stillbirth, preterm births, and neonatal ICU admission. Importantly, maternal vaccination did not reduce the risk of neonatal SARS-CoV-2 infection during the first 6 months of life during the Omicron period.
Risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women: relationship to lipid peroxidation and oxidative stress.; Many risk factors that promote cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been identified. These include hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, decreased estrogen in post-menopausal women, increased homocysteine, and cigarette smoking. It has recently become clear that a mechanism common to these risk factors is oxidative stress. CVD risk factors specific to women are parity, oophorectomy, pre-eclampsia, and menopause. There are several proposed mechanisms to explain these women-specific associations, such as reduced lifetime exposure to estrogen and insulin resistance, but the underlying mechanism is still unclear. One fact that did not receive much attention is the role of the oxidation hypothesis in these reproductive factors-CVD associations. In fact, pregnant, oophorectomized, and post-menopausal women exhibit higher levels of lipid peroxidation than non-pregnant, non-oophorectomized and pre-menopausal women, respectively. We propose that the increased levels of lipid peroxidation during these states are responsible, at least in part, for their increased risk of CVD. This review extends the concept of the oxidation hypothesis of CVD to reproductive risk factors in women. It also addresses the potential role of oxidative stress in the hyperthyroidism-CVD relationship, as hyperthyroidism is a common disorder that most frequently occurs in women. We also discuss how screening human populations for reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels could help identify groups with a high level of ROS that may be at risk of developing CVD.
[Foetal programming of nutrition-related chronic diseases].; Intrauterine growth retardation, which reflects in large part maternal malnutrition in poorer communities, contributes to chronic disease risk through foetal programming, according to the early origins hypothesis of Barker. Foetal programming implies that during critical periods of prenatal growth, permanent changes in metabolism or structures result from adverse intrauterine conditions. Observational studies first showed an association between lower birth weights and higher rates of coronary disease in the 80s, in England and Scandinavia. The link between low birth weights, or other indicators of small birth size, and cardiovascular disease was later confirmed in many epidemiological studies, including in the USA and in India. Similarly, a reverse relationship of birth weight and systolic blood pressure was shown in men and women, in developed as well as developing countries, and in all age groups, although it was less consistent in adolescents. Insulin resistance and type-2 diabetes have also been found to be independently related to small size at birth in several studies around the world. Insulin resistance associated with small size at birth was frequently shown to be present at a young age. The association of small birth size with chronic disease tends to increase with catch-up growth and obesity, and usually persists after adjusting for confounding factors such as age, family history, and socio-economic status. Several, but not all, twin studies lend support to the hypothesis. There is a tendency for lighter members of twin pairs to have a higher blood pressure, and more diabetes. Observations in people exposed to the Dutch famine while in utero also tend to corroborate the hypothesis. Those who were exposed early in their intrauterine life did not have lower birth weights, but they were prone to becoming obese later on. In contrast, those exposed towards the end of gestation had lower birth weights, and showed a higher rate of impaired glucose tolerance, while having a lower risk of obesity. Dietary manipulations in animal models provide further support and mechanistic explanations, in particular protein deficiency in pregnant rats, which elevates blood pressure, impairs glucose tolerance, and increases the likelihood of obesity in the progeny. Although there are still controversial areas, there is at present sufficient scientific evidence for foetal programming to be regarded as an additional risk factor for chronic disease, in interaction with genetic and lifestyle risk factors. The fact that intrauterine growth retardation may predispose to nutrition-related chronic disease has serious implications for developing countries, particularly those undergoing rapid nutritional transition, as it may further increase the rates of obesity, cardiovascular disease and diabetes when diets and lifestyles are in themselves "atherogenic". The challenge is for programmes to simultaneously combat apparently opposite nutrition problems, malnutrition and "over-nutrition". Improving the nutrition of women is even more imperative when considering that it may contribute to preventing chronic diseases in the next generation, in addition to enhancing health and survival of mothers and children.
[Polish Multicenter Study on Diabetes Epidemiology (PMSDE)--1998-2000].; Diabetes mellitus is a growing health problem at all ages in all countries. The Saint Vincent Declaration signed by the representatives of all European countries--among them by Poland--indicated the main goals to reduce this burden. This may be achieved by elaboration and initiation of the nation-wide programme for early detection and control of diabetes on the population level. The Polish Task Force for Diabetes Management worked out and put into operation in 1998 the project commissioned by the Ministry of Health funded by the Polish State Committee for Research (PBZ-018-11). The urgent need for the implementation of this programme was a result of the increasing number of diabetic patients on the primary health care level, diabetic complications and hospitalisations. The programme was based on the assumption that primary and secondary prevention of NIDDM may eliminate or reduce its risk factors and therefore decrease its prevalence and morbidity and should integrate epidemiology, identification of risk factors, education, intervention models and economics of diabetes. This issue of the Polish Archives of Internal Medicine contains the main results of the programme and reflects an actual situation of diabetes in Poland creating a rational basis for intervention on the population level. Evaluation of the incidence rate of the diabetes type 1 in 10 selected areas (population basis 30% of age group 0-29) revealed values from 8.4 to 14.7/100,000 in the age group 1-14 and from 4.4 to 11.2/100,000 in the age group 15-29. It accounts for the 2-3 fold increase in comparison with the results achieved in 1986 (Z. Szybinski). However an ascertainment of the register in the age group 15-29 dropped down during the last 10 years and additional sources of data must be involved in the survey. Prevalence of diabetes type 2 in 3 selected areas Krakow 10.77% (M. Szurkowska), Lublin 15.6% (J. Łopatynski) and Łódź 15.7% (J. Drzewoski) based on the population random sample over 35 years of age, constitutes over 90% of all patients with diabetes. When standardized to the Polish population the prevalence of diabetes type 2 accounts for 5.37% and reflects a true endemic state. With comparison to a similar survey carried out in 1986 in Wrocław the prevalence 3.71% of the diabetes type 2 increased 2-3 times. It allowed to calculate an actual number of patients with diabetes type 2--over 2 million and around 50% of them represents "unknown" diabetes. Such high contribution of the unknown non-diagnosed diabetes has been confirmed in the survey carried out in Poznań on the non-randomized professional group of persons (B. Wierusz-Wysocka) in investigation on the first-degree relatives of patients with known diabetes in Warsaw (T. Kasperska-Czyzyk) and in Wroclaw (R. Wasikowa). This raises the question about the criteria of diagnosis for unknown diabetes. Comparative analysis carried out in Krakow revealed that fasting glycemia 7.0 mmol/L allowed to diagnose diabetes with 50% with respect to the 2 hours oral glucose tolerance test (WHO 1985) and shouldn't be use as a tool for early diagnosis of diabetes type 2 (Z. Szybinski, M. Szurkowska) Identification of the risk factors in PMSDE for diabetes type 2 allowed to introduce the term "global risk factors", divided into two groups primary (obesity, age, pregnancy and genetic background) and secondary (hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia and hypertension). In the multifactor analysis obesity and hyperinsulinemia are the strongest predictors and modifiable risk factors of the development of diabetes type 2 and late complications. Especially hyperinsulinemia as an independent secondary risk factor for hypertension, dyslipidemia--in consequences late diabetic complications and perhaps carcinogenesis may play an important role as a predictor of diabetes type 2 and biochemical marker of effectiveness of non-pharmacological and pharmacological approach in the global concept of diabetes type 2 treatment (Z. Szybinski). Analysis of the late complications of diabetes were focussed on visual disability and lower extremity amputation due to diabetic foot development. Analysis of prevalence (PR) of visual disability due to diabetes in Krakow (J. Pantoflinski) and Olsztyn (E. Bandurska-Stankiewicz) revealed similar values, in the both areas around 6% of general visual disability in population. Monitoring of the visual disability in diabetic patients seems to be a good indicator of the quality level of the diabetic care. Analysis of the lower extremity amputation carried out in Krakow district (A. Nazim) revealed that incidence rate of amputation in diabetics was 15 times higher than in non-diabetics and in 10.8% of cases amputation was performed in unknown diabetes type 2. The preventive measures and non-pharmacological and pharmacological management approximately in diabetes should be solved with education based on the separate post of a diabetic educator within a diabetic team and on the primary health care level. The articles presenting elaborated educational model in diabetes are published in "Diabetologia Polska" (A. Czyzyk). Intervention model was tested in Krakow in the groups of obese patients with newly diagnosed "unknown" diabetes and was based on the 12 weeks supervised dietician education with standardized physical activity programme. In obese diabetic patients the weight loss less than 10% of the initial body weight can markedly improve biochemical parameters like hyperglycemia dyslipidemia and hyperinsulinemia without pharmacological therapy and 45% of patients has been transferred to the group of Impaired Glucose Tolerance (A. Gilis-Januszewska). Another model of intervention may be applied in menopausal women (J. Nadel, K. Cypryk) treated with hormonal replacement therapy as a complementary factor to education and if necessary to anti-diabetic drugs. Increase number of diabetic patients especially of the "unknown" type 2 has serious economic aspect by increasing a burden of patients, theirs families, society and health care system. Within PMSDE programme elaboration of the model for calculation the direct costs about of diabetes and burden in terms of years of life lost using DALY measure was performed (K. Kissimova-Skarbek). Average diabetes type 1 patients costs 7 times and type 2 over 3 times higher than average health care cost and 95% of total time lost due to disability is caused by diabetes type 2. Therefor primary and secondary prevention of diabetes typ 2 have highest priority among strategic preventive targets. The Review Conference held in Warsaw at 24-25 February 2001 in the presence of WHO Experts formulated the recommendations focused on: 1. Elaboration of high risk strategy for early diagnosis of unknown diabetes type 2 based on the 2-hours OGTT (WHO 1985) 2. Continuation of the epidemiologic study in diabetes 3. Instituting the professional post for diabetes educator on the specialized and primary health care levels. 4. Further research are recommended for evaluation of the role of fasting glycemia and hyperinsulinemia as predictors and risk factors of diabetes type 2, for development of preventive models in diabetes type 2 and for development of the economical models to asses the costs of diabetes (Recommendations).
Increased serum total bilirubin-albumin ratio was associated with bilirubin encephalopathy in neonates.; We performed the present study to summarize the recent epidemiological characteristics of bilirubin encephalopathy and assess the role of total bilirubin-albumin ratio in the bilirubin encephalopathy. We retrospectively collected clinical data of 669 neonates with hyperbilirubinemia from the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University between January 2015 and July 2018, including 153 neonates belonged to bilirubin encephalopathy and 516 ones were treated as control group. Compared with the control group, those with bilirubin encephalopathy have higher bilirubin-albumin ratio (13.8 ± 3.6 vs. 10.6 ± 2.5, P=0.000). The direct bilirubin and indirect bilirubin level were higher in the case group than that in the control group (P=0.000). On the contrary, the hemoglobin level was lower in the case group than that in the control group (P=0.004). There were no significant differences in gestational age (P=0.510), gender rate (P=0.313), maternal gestational diabetes ratio (P=0.071), natural childbirth ratio (P=0.686), and meconium delay (P=0.091). The results from univariate regression indicated the total bilirubin/albumin ratio was positively associated with bilirubin encephalopathy (odds ratio (OR) = 1.67, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.59-3.14). The total bilirubin, direct bilirubin, and indirect bilirubin were also related to encephalopathy. After adjusting some potential cofounding factors, the total bilirubin-albumin was still associated with bilirubin encephalopathy. The higher total bilirubin-albumin ratio increased the risk of bilirubin encephalopathy by 23% (OR = 1.23, 95% CI: 1.16-2.48). Our results indicated that the bilirubin-albumin ratio is associated with bilirubin encephalopathy in neonates, and could be a potential predictor.
Optimizing metformin therapy in practice: Tailoring therapy in specific patient groups to improve tolerability, efficacy and outcomes.; Metformin is the first-line medication for type 2 diabetes. It is effective and safe, provided some caution is taken in specific populations. In patients with chronic kidney disease, metformin may provide long-term benefits, and it is a first-line therapy for diabetes, but the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) must be assessed regularly, to minimize the risk for metformin accumulation. When eGFR is 30-60 mL/min/1.73m(2), the dose should be reconsidered, and sick-days education provided. Metformin should be discontinued when eGFR falls below 30 mL/min/1.73m(2). Metformin accumulation may increase the risk for lactic acidosis if concomitant risk factors for hyperlactataemia (liver or respiratory insufficiency, sepsis, acute heart failure) are present; in these conditions, metformin is contraindicated, even although the available evidence is reassuring. Patients on metformin often complain of gastrointestinal side effects (mainly diarrhoea and nausea) during therapy initiation, but they may sometimes occur after years of stable therapy. These usually resolve if the dose is carefully titrated, or by switching to the extended-release formulation. Patients with obesity may benefit from the significant, although modest, metformin-associated weight loss and appetite reduction. During pregnancy, metformin is associated with a reduction of pregnancy complications, especially in obese women, but some concern remains, because metformin crosses the placenta, and it is associated with a significantly lower mean birth weight than insulin. In the elderly, gastrointestinal tolerability and renal function must be reassessed more often. Vitamin B-12 should be screened regularly in long-time metformin users because metformin may induce clinical vitamin B-12 deficiency.
Management of diabetic ketoacidosis.; Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is an acute life-threatening emergency in patients with diabetes, it can result in serious morbidity and mortality. Management of DKA requires reversing metabolic derangements, correcting volume depletion, electrolyte imbalances and acidosis while concurrently treating the precipitating illness. There are still controversies regarding certain aspects of DKA management. Different society guidelines have inconsistencies in their recommendations, while some aspects of treatment are not precise enough or have not been thoroughly studied. These controversies may include issues such as optimal fluid resuscitation, rate and type of Insulin therapy, potassium and bicarbonate replacement. Many institutions follow common society guidelines, however, other institutions either develop their own protocols for internal use or do not routinely use any protocols, resulting in inconsistencies in treatment and increased risk of complications and suboptimal outcomes. The objectives of this article are to review knowledge gaps and controversies in the treatment of DKA and provide our perspective on these issues. Moreover, we believe that special patient factors and comorbidities should receive more careful attention and consideration. Factors like pregnancy, renal disease, congestive heart failure, acute coronary syndrome, older age, use of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors and site of care all impact the treatment approach and require tailored management strategies. However, guidelines often lack sufficient recommendations regarding specific conditions and comorbidities, we aim to address unique circumstances and provide an approach to managing complex patients with specific conditions and co-morbidities. We also sought to examine changes and trends in the treatment of DKA, illuminate on aspects of latest research with a perspective towards future developments and modifications.
Revisit of metformin treatment in polycystic ovarian syndrome.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrinopathy in women; its traditional pharmacological therapy mainly addresses short-term symptom control and does not correct the associated long-term metabolic risks. Recently, there has been increasing evidence that insulin resistance has an important implication in the pathogenesis of PCOS and that insulin-sensitizing drugs are a useful therapeutic approach. Therefore this review aims to discuss the current evidence on the use of metformin, a commonly used insulin-sensitizing agent, in treating both the short-term and the long-term problems of women with PCOS.
Expectant management of preeclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: Women with chronic hypertension (CHTN) are at an increased risk for pregnancy complications including preeclampsia. The objective of this study was to review pregnancy outcomes for women with expectant management of preeclampsia superimposed on CHTN prior to 37 weeks'. METHODS: We reviewed the inpatient charts of all women admitted to Magee-Womens Hospital (1995-2005) with the diagnosis of both CHTN and preeclampsia prior to term. RESULTS: Sixty-eight women diagnosed with both CHTN and preeclampsia prior to 37 weeks' were identified. Of these, 42 women were expectantly managed; one subject was excluded from analysis for pregestational diabetes. For the remaining 41 women, the median gestational age at diagnosis was 31.6 weeks (range 23.6-36.4). The mean time from diagnosis to delivery was 9.7 days (range 2-34 days). Adverse perinatal outcomes included one case of HELLP syndrome, two cases of placental abruptions, three cases of pulmonary edema, and five postpartum hemorrhages. There were no fetal/neonatal or maternal deaths. Average NICU stay was 17.9 days. CONCLUSIONS: Expectant management of preterm superimposed preeclampsia among women with CHTN is a reasonable management strategy, but associated with some maternal morbidity. Prospective studies are needed to definitively quantify the risks and benefits of this approach.
Association between Low Urban Neighborhood Greenness and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Urban neighborhood greenness is associated with greater cardiovascular health in the general population, and with better pregnancy and neonatal outcomes. Hypertension in pregnancy is a leading cause of maternal mortality and long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women. We sought to examine the association between greenness and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: This study is a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study of 1,943 women who received prenatal care from December 2013 to December 2016 at a single, urban, and tertiary academic medical center in Philadelphia, PA. Greenness measure was quantified via residential tree canopy cover within circumferential buffers of 100- and 500-meter radii around participants' homes. Associations between greenness and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (defined as gestational hypertension or preeclampsia) were estimated by using multilevel logistic regression accounting for maternal sociodemographic information (race-ethnicity, insurance status, and age) medical history (diabetes, body mass index, smoking history, and parity), neighborhood deprivation index, and including 1,225 Philadelphia residents for whom key exposure and outcome data were available. RESULTS: At baseline, the participants' mean (SD) age was 27.5 (5.9) years, (range: 14-44 years). The majority of participants were non-Hispanic Black (857, 70.2%). Participants with less residential tree canopy cover were significantly more likely to have hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The multivariable-adjusted odds ratio of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among participants with less than 10% compared with those with greater than 30% tree canopy cover was 2.14 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.11-4.15) within 100-meter buffer. CONCLUSION: In our cohort, greenness was associated with lower hypertensive disorders of pregnancy odds. Our findings add to evidence that greenness may confer health benefits and warrant further investigations in identifying whether there is a causal pathway through which greenness may be protective against hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. KEY POINTS: · Low residential tree canopy is associated with increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. · 100-meter buffers are most sensitive in identifying associations between tree canopy and HDP risk. · The role of greenness against hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be further studied experimentally.
Persistence of lower birth weight in second generation South Asian babies born in the United Kingdom.; OBJECTIVE: To assess differences in birth weight between all first and second generation South Asian babies born in Southampton, and trends since 1957. DESIGN: Retrospective, cohort study. SETTING: Birth records for babies born in Southampton from 1957 to 1996 were searched to identify all babies born of South Asian origin (including from the Indian subcontinent, East Africa, and elsewhere). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: All information recorded in the birth record about the mother and baby was extracted. RESULTS: 2395 full term (>37 weeks; mean birth weight 3110; 95%CI 3092 to 3129) singleton births were identified. Detailed analysis was restricted to mothers either born in the Indian subcontinent (India, Pakistan, or Bangladesh (1435)) or United Kingdom (283). Mean birth weight and % low birth weight (<2500 g) were 3133 g (95%CI 3108 to 3157) and 7.5%, for first generation babies and 3046 g (2992 to 3099) and 11.7% for second generation babies. There was no trend over time to increased average birth weight in either first or second generation babies. Adjusting for other factors that were statistically significantly related to birth weight (gender, gestational age, mother's age, maternal weight at 15 weeks, parity, and mother's ethnic group) did not alter the trends. CONCLUSIONS: For that group in the UK who derive from the Indian subcontinent, average birth weight is significantly less than the national average. There has not been any increase in the average birth weight over the past 40 years, and the birth weight of babies of women who were born in the UK are no greater. The persistence of lower than desirable birth weight may result long term in higher than average rates of diabetes and heart disease in these groups.
Parental risk factors of anorectal malformations: Analysis with a regional population-based control group.; BACKGROUND: Adequate evidence on environmental risk factors for anorectal malformations (ARMs) is very limited. We assessed maternal body weight and several prenatal exposures of the parents to tobacco, pregestational diabetes, chronic cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, periconceptional folic acid and multivitamin intake. METHODS: Data from the German Network for Congenital Uro-REctal malformations (CURE-Net) were compared with data from the Malformation Monitoring Centre Saxony-Anhalt of the Otto-von-Guericke University in Magdeburg, Germany. Controls were matched to cases by gender and birth year of the child. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) were calculated for potential risk factors using multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: In total, 158 ARM patients and 474 healthy infants born between 1993 and 2008 in Germany were included. Maternal age at birth of ARM cases and birth plurality were significantly higher and gestational age and weight significantly lower compared with controls (p < 0.0001). We observed significantly increased risks for ARMs associated with maternal smoking before conception and the first trimester of pregnancy (odds ratio = 2.23, 95% confidence interval 1.04-4.79, p = 0.039) and maternal chronic respiratory diseases (odds ratio = 29.25, 95% confidence interval 8.22-104.14, p < 0.0001). No statistically significant increased risk or protective effect was found for the other investigated factors. CONCLUSION: This study suggests an association between the occurrence of ARMs in the offspring and periconceptional maternal smoking as well as maternal chronic respiratory diseases. In addition, there might be a sign of an association for maternal diabetes, although not statistically significant. It can be assumed that the power is far too low to provide reliable estimates.
Acute Coronary Syndrome During Pregnancy: A Case Report and Literature Review.; A 32-year-old multiparous woman who presented with chest pain at seven weeks gestation was admitted to our hospital 35 minutes after the onset of symptoms. Sudden cardiac arrest developed while the patient was waiting in the triage room. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation was performed, and the patient was immediately intubated. Electrocardiography revealed an inferior myocardial infarction. The patient underwent coronary angiography, which revealed slow coronary flow of the circumflex and left anterior descending coronary arteries. For treatment, the combination of aspirin with clopidogrel and unfractionated heparin was initiated. She had previously had three healthy children and hadn't had any problems during her previous pregnancies. She had a history of family and smoking, but no history of other coronary risk factors such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, or dyslipidemia. She was discharged home on day five after admission with clopidogrel, aspirin and a beta-blocker with close outpatient follow-up. Elective abortion was planned for two weeks after the myocardial infarction.
Evaluation of Human Papillomavirus as a Risk Factor for Preterm Birth or Pregnancy-Related Hypertension.; OBJECTIVE: To compare rates of preterm birth and pregnancy-related hypertension in women with and without human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of all women delivered at our institution in 2013 who had cervical cancer screening test results within 3 years before delivery. Patients were excluded if they had prior procedure(s) for cervical dysplasia other than biopsy. There were two primary outcomes: preterm birth (less than 37 weeks of gestation) and pregnancy-related hypertension (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or eclampsia). Multivariable logistic regression was performed to adjust for confounders including demographic variables, diabetes, prior preterm birth, chronic hypertension, and other genital infections. Assuming a 10% prevalence of HPV, a rate of 12% in the HPV-negative group for both preterm birth and pregnancy-related hypertension, α of 0.05, and β of 0.2, we needed 2,207 patients to detect a 60% increase in the rate of either outcome in the HPV-positive group. RESULTS: A total of 3,958 patients delivered in 2013, of whom 2,321 met eligibility criteria, 242 (10.4%) of whom were HPV-positive and 2,079 (89.2%) of whom were HPV-negative. In multivariate analyses, the rate of preterm birth was not significantly different between HPV-positive and HPV-negative women (16.5% compared with 12.2%, adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.9-1.9); rates of pregnancy-related hypertension also were not significantly different between HPV-positive and HPV-negative women (17.0% compared with 16.4%, adjusted OR 1.0, 95% CI 0.7-1.5). CONCLUSION: Maternal HPV infection is not an independent risk factor for preterm birth or pregnancy-related hypertension.
The 2011 survey on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) in China: prevalence, risk factors, complications, pregnancy and perinatal outcomes.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are a group of medical complications in pregnancy and also a risk factor for severe pregnancy outcomes, but it lacks a large-scale epidemiological investigation in recent years. This survey represents a multicenter cross-sectional retrospective study to estimate the prevalence and analyze the risk factors for HDP among the pregnant women who had referred for delivery between January 1st 2011 and December 31st 2011 in China Mainland. A total of 112,386 pregnant women were investigated from 38 secondary and tertiary specialized or general hospitals randomly selected across the country, of which 5,869 had HDP, accounting for 5.22% of all pregnancies. There were significant differences in the prevalence of HDP between geographical regions, in which the North China showed the highest (7.44%) and Central China showed the lowest (1.23%). Of six subtypes of HDP, severe preeclampsia accounted for 39.96%, gestational hypertension for 31.40%, mild preeclampsia for 15.13%, chronic hypertension in pregnancy for 6.00%, preeclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension for 3.68% and eclampsia for 0.89%. A number of risk factors for HDP were identified, including twin pregnancy, age of >35 years, overweight and obesity, primipara, history of hypertension as well as family history of hypertension and diabetes. The prevalence of pre-term birth, placental abruption and postpartum hemorrhage were significantly higher in women with HDP than those without HDP. The possible risk factors confirmed in this study may be useful for the development of early diagnosis and appropriate treatment of HDP.
Perinatal, metabolic, and reproductive features in PPARG-related lipodystrophy.; OBJECTIVE: The adipogenic PPARG-encoded PPARγ nuclear receptor also displays essential placental functions. We evaluated the metabolic, reproductive, and perinatal features of patients with PPARG-related lipodystrophy. METHODS: Current and retrospective data were collected in patients referred to a National Rare Diseases Reference Centre. RESULTS: 26 patients from 15 unrelated families were studied (18 women, median age 43 years). They carried monoallelic PPARG variants except a homozygous patient with congenital generalized lipodystrophy. Among heterozygous patients aged 16 or more (n = 24), 92% had diabetes, 96% partial lipodystrophy (median age at diagnosis 24 and 37 years), 78% hypertriglyceridaemia, 71% liver steatosis, and 58% hypertension. The mean BMI was 26 ± 5.0 kg/m2. Women (n = 16) were frequently affected by acute pancreatitis (n = 6) and/or polycystic ovary syndrome (n = 12). Eleven women obtained one or several pregnancies, all complicated by diabetes (n = 8), hypertension (n = 4), and/or hypertriglyceridaemia (n = 10). We analysed perinatal data of patients according to the presence (n = 8) or absence (n = 9) of a maternal dysmetabolic environment. The median gestational age at birth was low in both groups (37 and 36 weeks of amenorrhea, respectively). As expected, the birth weight was higher in patients exposed to a foetal dysmetabolic environment of maternal origin. In contrast, 85.7% of non-exposed patients, in whom the variant is, or is very likely to be, paternally-inherited, were small for gestational age. CONCLUSIONS: Lipodystrophy-related PPARG variants induce early metabolic complications. Our results suggest that placental expression of PPARG pathogenic variants carried by affected foetuses could impair prenatal growth and parturition. This justifies careful pregnancy monitoring in affected families.
Contraceptive use among women with medical conditions: Factors that influence method choice.; OBJECTIVE: To identify factors that influence contraceptive initiation among women with medical conditions. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted an exploratory cross-sectional survey of women 18-45 years old with medical conditions who received contraception consultation from complex family planning specialists at five University of California Medical Centers from June 2014-June 2015. We asked survey participants about factors that influence their decision of choosing and initiating a contraceptive method, how they accessed family planning specialists and the impact of this consultation on their contraceptive method choice. RESULTS: Among 97 participants, 61 (63%) had one medical condition, 28 (29%) had two medical conditions, and 8 (8%) had three or four medical conditions. A majority of participants initiated long-acting reversible contraceptive methods including an intrauterine device (n = 54, 56%) and the contraceptive implant (n = 17, 18%). The most common reason for initiating contraception was to avoid pregnancy in the immediate future for personal reasons (n = 43, 44%). The most common reason for initiating a particular contraceptive method was safety given their medical condition (n = 19, 20%). After the consultation with the complex family planning specialist, participants commonly reported that the person with the most influence on their contraceptive method choice was the complex family planning specialist (n = 35, 36%) and less commonly the primary care provider (n = 9, 9%) and not at all by a family member or friend (n = 0, 0%). CONCLUSION: Women with medical conditions are highly influenced by a complex family planning specialist in regard to their contraceptive options and when receiving such counseling, will often choose highly effective methods. IMPLICATIONS: This study provides insight into contraceptive decision-making among women with medical conditions referred to a complex family planning specialist for contraceptive care.
[Effect of pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome on complications in very low birth weight preterm infants].; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome (PIH) on complications in very low birth weight (VLBW) preterm infants. METHODS: The VLBW preterm infants were enrolled as research subjects, and according to the presence or absence of PIH in their mothers, they were divided into PIH group and non- PIH group. The incidence of major complications and length of hospital stay were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the two groups in gestational age, birth weight, sex, incidence rate of maternal diabetes, and use of antepartum hormone. The PIH group had a significantly higher rate of birth of small-for-gestational-age infants than the non-PIH group. The PIH group had a significantly lower incidence rate of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) than the non-PIH group, while there were no significant differences between the two groups in the incidence rates of apnea of prematurity, necrotizing enterocolitis, retinopathy of prematurity, and intraventricular hemorrhage-periventricular leukomalacia, and the length of hospital stay. There was no significant difference in the incidence rate of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome between the two groups, but the PIH group had a significantly lower proportion of infants who used pulmonary surfactant than the non-PIH group. CONCLUSIONS: PIH can alleviate respiratory complications and reduce the use of pulmonary surfactant and the incidence rate of BPD in preterm infants.
D-dimer Levels in Predicting Severity of Infection and Outcome in Patients with COVID-19.; COVID-19 disease began to spread all around the world in December 2019 until now; and in the early stage it may be related to high D-dimer level that indicates coagulation pathways and thrombosis activation that can be affected by some underlying diseases including diabetes, stroke, cancer, and pregnancy and it also can be associated with Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The aim of this article was to analyze D-dimer levels in COVID-19 patients, as D-dimer level is one of the measures to detect the severity and outcomes of COVID-19. According to the results of this study, there is a higher level of D-dimer as well as concentrations of fibrinogen in the disease onset and it seems that the poor prognosis is linked to a 3 to 4-fold increase in D-dimer levels. It is also shown that 76% of the patients with ≥1 D-dimer measurement, had elevated D-dimer and were more likely to have critical illness than those with normal D-dimer. There was an increase in the rates of adverse outcomes with higher D-dimer of more than 2000 ng/mL and it is associated with the highest risk of death at 47%, thrombotic event at 37.8%, and critical illness at 66%. It also found that diabetes and COPD had the strongest association with death in COVID-19. So, it is necessary to measure the D-dimer levels and parameters of coagulation from the beginning as well as pay attention to comorbidities that can help control and management of COVID-19 disease.
Experimental models of developmental programming: consequences of exposure to an energy rich diet during development.; Studies in both humans and experimental animals addressing the 'Fetal Origins of Adult Disease' hypothesis have established a relationship between an adverse intrauterine environment and offspring disease in adult life. This phenomenon, termed 'fetal programming' describes a process whereby a stimulus in utero establishes a permanent response in the fetus leading to enhanced susceptibility to later disease. However, the environment, during periods of developmental plasticity in postnatal life, can also 'programme' function. Thus, the terms 'developmental programming' and the 'Developmental Origins of Adult Health and Disease' are preferentially utilized. The 'Thrifty Phenotype' hypothesis explained the association between insufficient in utero nutrition and the later development of Type 2 diabetes. Most recently the 'Predictive Adaptive Response' hypothesis proposes that the degree of mismatch between the pre- and postnatal environments is an important determinant of subsequent disease. Epidemiological studies have indicated that fetal growth restriction correlates with later disease, implying that fetal nutritional deprivation is a strong programming stimulus. This prompted the development of experimental animal models using controlled maternal calorie, protein or macronutrient deficiency during key periods of gestation. However, in many societies, maternal and postnatal nutrition are either sufficient or excessive. Here, we examine findings from a range of nutritional studies examining maternal and/or postnatal nutritional excess. There is supportive evidence from a limited number of studies to test the 'Predictive Adaptive Response' hypothesis. These suggest that maternal over-nutrition is deleterious to the health of offspring and can result in a phenotype of the offspring that is characteristic of metabolic syndrome.
Association of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy With Cognition in Later Life.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Studies of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including gestational or chronic hypertension (GH/CH) and preeclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E), suggest associations with early-life and mid-life cognition but have been limited by self-report or use of diagnostic codes, exclusion of nulliparous women, and lack of measurement of cognition in later life. We examined the effects of any HDP, GH/CH, PE/E, and nulliparity on cognition in later life. METHODS: Participants included 2,239 women (median age 73) enrolled in the Mayo Clinic Study of Aging with medical record-abstracted pregnancy information. A cognitive battery of 9 tests was conducted every 15 months. Global cognitive and domain-specific z scores (memory, executive/attention, visuospatial, and language) were outcomes. Linear mixed-effect models evaluated associations between pregnancy history (all normotensive, any HPD, HPD subtype [GH/CH, PE/E], or nulliparous) and cognitive decline, adjusting for age and education. Additional models adjusted for APOE, smoking, hypertension, dyslipidemia, body mass index (BMI), diabetes, stroke, and heart disease. Interactions between pregnancy history and age or education on cognitive performance were examined. RESULTS: Of the 2,239 women, 1,854 (82.8%) had at least 1 pregnancy (1,607 all normotensive, 100 GH/CH, and 147 PE/E); 385 (17.2%) were nulliparous. Cognitive performance did not cross-sectionally differ for women with a history of any HDP, GH/CH, or PE/E vs women with a history of all normotensive pregnancies; women who were nulliparous had lower global and domain-specific cognition (all p < 0.05) in age- and education-adjusted models. There was an interaction (p = 0.015) between nulliparity and education such that the lower cognitive performance was most pronounced among nulliparous women with ≤12 years of education (beta = -0.42, p < 0.001) vs 12 + years (b = -0.11, p = 0.049). Longitudinally, women with any HDP had greater declines in global cognition and attention/executive z scores compared with women with all normotensive pregnancies. When stratified by HDP type, only women with PE/E had greater declines in global cognition (beta = -0.04, p < 0.001), language (beta = -0.03, p = 0.001), and attention (beta = -0.04, p < 0.001) z scores. Adjustment for vascular risk factors, BMI, smoking, and APOE did not attenuate results. DISCUSSION: Women with a history of HDP, especially PE/E, are at greater risk of cognitive decline in later life.
Medicinal Plants with Multiple Effects on Cardiovascular Diseases: A Systematic Review.; INTRODUCTION: Hyperlipidemia, obesity, hypertension, and diabetes are the most important risk factors for cardiovascular diseases. The aim of this systematic review article is to introduce the medicinal plants that exert significant clinical effects on hypertension, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and diabetes. METHODS: In this review article, the international research databases including MEDLINE, Google scholar, EBSCO, Academic Search, Web of Science, SciVerse, Scopus (SCOPUS), EBSCO, Academic Search, Cochrane, Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) and a Chinese database (China Network Knowledge Infrastructure [CNKI]) were searched using the key words hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, herbal, obesity, and phytomedicine, matched by MESH, from their respective inceptions up to March, 2016. The plants that were effective on one, two, three, or all of four diseases were determined. The doses, side effects, the most important pharmaceutically effective compounds, the used organs, and important points regarding usage were separately recorded. Also known clinically significant interactions were presented. RESULTS: 1023 articles were found to be about medicinal plants and hypertension, 1912 articles about medicinal plants and hyperlipidemia, 810 articles about medicinal plants and obesity, 1174 articles about medicinal plants and diabetes. Of 144 plants included in the analysis, 83 were found to be effective on hyperlipidemia, 100 on hypertension, 66 on obesity, and 72 on diabetes. 43 plants were found to be effective on two diseases, 14 on three diseases, and 34 on all four diseases. Three plants (Tomato, Cranberry and Pomegranate), in food and therapeutic doses, were found to be used to treat cardiovascular diseases especially in pre-eclampsia and hyperlipidemia in pregnancy. CONCLUSION: Regarding the findings of this study, we can argue that the medicinal plants, other than monotherapy, can be used as poly-therapy, to treat cardiovascular diseases.
Arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction independently and synergistically predict cardiovascular and renal outcome in patients with type 1 diabetes.; AIMS: To evaluate whether pulse pressure alone or with placental growth factor as estimates of arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction, predicts mortality, cardiovascular disease and progression to end-stage renal disease in patients with Type 1 diabetes. METHODS: Prospective, observational study, median (range) follow-up 8 (0-13) years, 900 patients with Type 1 diabetes, 458 with diabetic nephropathy, mean ± SD age 44 ± 11 years. RESULTS: During follow-up, we recorded 178 (20%) all-cause deaths, 109 (12%) cardiovascular deaths, 213 (24%) cardiovascular events and 73 (16%) progressed to end-stage renal disease. Elevated pulse pressure predicted all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and cardiovascular events [Hazard Ratio (HR) (95% CI) per 10 mmHg increase]: HR 1.2 (1.1-1.3), 1.3 (1.2-1.5) and 1.2 (1.1-1.3), P<0.001 (adjusted for sex, age, HbA(1c) , cholesterol, diastolic blood pressure, creatinine, smoking, previous cardiovascular disease and nephropathy status). Furthermore, pulse pressure predicted the development of end-stage renal disease in patients with diabetic nephropathy: HR 1.2 (1.1-1.4), P=0.011 (adjusted for sex, age, HbA(1c) , cholesterol, diastolic blood pressure, previous cardiovascular disease and glomerular filtration rate). In a two-hit model, patients with pulse pressure and placental growth factor levels above the median vs. below the median had increased risk of all-cause and cardiovascular mortality, cardiovascular events and progression to end-stage renal disease: adjusted HRs 2.3 (1.2-4.2), 4.2 (1.6-11.0), 2.3 (1.3-4.1) and 3.5 (1.0-11.8),P<0.05. CONCLUSIONS: Elevated pulse pressure independently predicts mortality, cardiovascular events and progression to end-stage renal disease in patients with Type 1 diabetes. Placental growth factor adds to the predictive value of pulse pressure on cardiovascular and renal outcome.
Time-dependent study entries and exposures in cohort studies can easily be sources of different and avoidable types of bias.; OBJECTIVES: To display and discuss the reasons and consequences of length and time-dependent bias. They might occur in presence of a time-dependent study entry or a time-dependent exposure which might change from unexposed to exposed. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: Recalling the popular study of Oscar nominees and using a real-data example from hospital epidemiology, we give innovative and easy-to-understand graphical presentations of how these biases corrupt the analyses via distorted time-at-risk. Cumulative hazard plots and Cox proportional hazards models were used. We are building bridges to medical disciplines such as critical care medicine, hepatology, pharmaco-epidemiology, transplantation medicine, neurology, gynecology and cardiology. RESULTS: In presence of time-dependent bias, the hazard ratio (comparing exposed with unexposed) is artificially underestimated. The length bias leads to an artificial underestimation of the overall hazard. When both biases coexist it can lead to different directions of biased hazard ratios. CONCLUSION: Since length and time-dependent bias might occur in several medical disciplines, we conclude that understanding and awareness are the best prevention of survival bias.
Pregnancy and neonatal complications in women with polycystic ovary syndrome in relation to second-trimester anti-Müllerian hormone levels.; RESEARCH QUESTION: An association has been found between high anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH) levels during pregnancy and the development of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)-like phenotypic traits in mouse offspring. The aim of this study was to determine whether AMH levels are associated with maternal testosterone levels, and whether high AMH concentration influences the risk of developing PCOS-related adverse pregnancy outcomes. DESIGN: Maternal serum AMH, testosterone and sex hormone binding globulin levels were measured in blood samples taken in early second-trimester pregnancies from women with PCOS (n = 159) and healthy controls matched for body mass index (n = 320). Possible associations with preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth and birthweight was explored by logistic and linear regression models. RESULTS: Women with PCOS had higher AMH, higher total testosterone levels and higher free androgen index than controls (P < 0.001 for all three parameters). Among women with PCOS, high testosterone levels (B = 2.7; β = 0.26; P = 0.001) and low first trimester body mass index (B = -0.5; β = -0.17; P = 0.043) remained independently associated with AMH. High AMH levels were associated with decreased risk of gestational hypertension (adjusted OR 0.55; 95% CI 0.34 to 0.87), but no association was found with other adverse pregnancy outcomes or birthweight. CONCLUSIONS: Women with PCOS had higher AMH levels during pregnancy compared with controls, but high AMH was not associated with increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes or birthweight.
Early undernutrition induces glucagon resistance and insulin hypersensitivity in the liver of suckling rats.; Developing brains are vulnerable to nutritional insults. Early undernutrition alters their structure and neurochemistry, inducing long-term pathological effects whose causal pathways are not well defined. During suckling, the brain uses glucose and ketone bodies as substrates. Milk is a high-fat low-carbohydrate diet, and the liver must maintain high rates of gluconeogenesis and ketogenesis to address the needs of these substrates. Insulin and glucagon play major roles in this adaptation: throughout suckling, their blood concentrations are low and high, respectively, and the liver maintains low insulin sensitivity and increased glucagon responsiveness. We propose that disturbances in the endocrine profile and available plasma substrates along with undernutrition-related changes in brain cortex capacity for ketone utilization may cause further alterations in some brain functions. We explored this hypothesis in 10-day-old suckling rats whose mothers were severely food restricted from the 14th day of gestation. We measured the plasma/serum concentrations of glucose, ketone body, insulin and glucagon, and hepatic insulin and glucagon responses. Undernutrition led to hypoglycemia and hyperketonemia to 84% (P < 0.001) and 144% (P < 0.001) of control values, respectively. Liver responsiveness to insulin and glucagon became increased and reduced, respectively; intraperitoneal glucagon reduced liver glycogen by 90% (P < 0.01) in control and by 35% (P < 0.05) in restricted. Cortical enzymes of ketone utilization remained unchanged, but their carrier proteins were altered: monocarboxylate transporter (MCT) 1 increased: 73 ± 14, controls; 169 ± 20, undernourished (P < 0.01; densitometric units); MCT2 decreased: 103 ± 3, controls; 37 ± 4, undernourished (P < 0.001; densitometric units). All of these changes, coinciding with the brain growth spurt, may cause some harmful effects associated with early undernutrition.
[Epidemiologic data on arterial hypertension in pregnancy].; A retrospective study of 241 case histories of essential hypertension in pregnancy treated in the Salengro Maternity Hospital of Lille from 1976 to 1981 was carried out. Looking at 450 readings of blood pressure in pregnancy it has been possible to work out a profile for these patients. These patients have as singular factors: They are often fat or very fat. They often have raised cholesterol levels in the blood. They often have a family history of hypertension or of diabetes. Many use oestro-progestogen birth control pills and had trouble in glucose regulation far more than women who had normal blood pressures in pregnancy.
Association between increased yolk sac diameter and abnormal karyotypes.; AIMS: To investigate the association between increased yolk sac diameter and abnormal karyotype. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of 42 patients with no history of diabetes between 6 and 12 weeks of gestation with increased yolk sac diameter measuring ≥6 mm was evaluated by transvaginal ultrasound. Sonographic findings were correlated with karyotype. The Fisher's exact test and exact conditional logistic regression analysis were used for statistical analysis. RESULTS: Chromosome abnormalities were found in 76.2% of chorionic villi samples. A statistically significant relationship between karyotype and missed abortion was detected (P=0.001). None of the patients with a yolk size diameter ≥8 mm and viable pregnancy had a normal karyotype. Trisomy 15 or 16 was strongly associated with missed abortion (unadjusted odds ratio=14.97, P=0.01). Nine patients with viable pregnancy had a yolk sac ≥6 mm (six patients with normal karyotype, one patient with monosomy X, one patient with trisomy 16, and one patient with trisomy 21). CONCLUSION: Our data indicate that enlarged yolk sac may also be visualized in viable pregnancies. Patients with an enlarged yolk sac and normal karyotype require detailed ultrasound evaluation in the second and third trimester.
Lowering blood pressure in particular patient groups.; In certain groups of patients, treatment of high blood pressure raises particular problems. These groups include, for instance, older people, those with co-existing disease (such as renal disease or diabetes), those of certain racial origin and pregnant women. Here, we discuss the use of antihypertensive drugs in such groups.
Antenatal fetal surveillance of women with severe obesity.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the impact of body mass index (BMI) categories on duration of the nonstress test (NST), and the need for additional tests of fetal wellbeing or interventions. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of women with singleton pregnancies who had an NST for the indications of severe obesity (BMI ≥40 kg/m(2)), diabetes (pre-gestational or gestational), hypertensive disorders (chronic, gestational, and preeclampsia), and others between 1 January 2015 until 31 December 2016. NST durations (<30 and ≥30 min) were compared between groups first based on BMI (kg/m(2)) categories (<30, 30-39, 40-49, and ≥50) and then based on BMI and comorbidities: (1) severe obesity alone, (2) severe obesity and comorbidities, and (3) comorbidities alone. We compared the results of the NSTs, any subsequent fetal testing or interventions, and pregnancy outcomes among groups. Demographic information was compared using t-tests for continuous data and χ(2) analyses or Fisher's exact test, if the cells sizes were small, for categorical data. NST durations based on BMI groups, as well as BMI and comorbidities groups, were compared using linear mixed models and ANOVA. RESULTS: Three hundred and fifty-one women underwent 1665 NSTs during the study period. After excluding women <18 and >50 years, gestational age <30 weeks, fetal anomalies, and NSTs lasting longer than 60 min, the study population included 313 women and 1471 NSTs. The mean NST duration in minutes of the BMI ≥50 (32.2 ± 9.6) category was significantly longer than the NST duration of the other BMI categories (BMI <30: 29.4 ± 8.3; BMI 30-39: 29.7 ± 8.9; BMI 40-49: 29.9 ± 8.3) (p=.05). Additionally, there was an increased percentage of NSTs lasting ≥30 min as the BMI category increased (p=.005). Women in the severe obesity and comorbidities group (n = 79) were less likely to have a reactive NST than women with severe obesity alone (n = 56) or comorbidities alone (n = 178) (92% vs. 97% vs. 98%, p<.0001). They were also more likely to need a biophysical profile (BPP) (8% vs. 3% vs. 2%, p<.0001). Of the 25 women that were sent to the labor and delivery unit for evaluation, 20 (80%) were admitted and delivered. The reasons for delivery were hypertension (n = 9, 45%), an abnormal NST (n = 5, 25%), oligohydramnios (n = 4, 20%), and labor (n = 2, 10%). CONCLUSIONS: We found an increase in NST duration as the BMI increased. Women with severe obesity and a comorbidity were more likely to have a nonreactive NST and require a subsequent BPP. Of the 20 patients delivered due to NST surveillance, the most common indication for delivery was hypertension.
Screening Echocardiogram in High-Risk Women with Class III Obesity to Predict the Risk of Preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Women with obesity and other comorbidities such as hypertension and diabetes are at an increased risk of preeclampsia and perinatal morbidity. This study evaluates whether screening echocardiogram can identify women with obesity at a higher risk of preeclampsia. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of women with class III obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥40 kg/m(2)) and one or more medical comorbidities associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia (such as diabetes, hypertension, and rheumatologic disease) undergoing screening echocardiogram. Abnormal findings were defined as the presence of one or more of the following: diastolic dysfunction, ejection fraction of ≤45%, or cardiac chamber enlargement or hypertrophy. Multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio (OR) of gestational hypertension/mild preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia, and any preterm delivery <37 weeks associated with abnormal echocardiographic findings when controlling for potential confounders. RESULTS: Of 267 eligible women, 174 (64%) underwent screening echocardiograms. Sixty-nine women (40%) had abnormal echocardiograms. Maternal clinical characteristics were similar between women with normal echocardiographic findings and women with abnormal findings. Women with abnormal echocardiograms were more likely to have chronic hypertension (78 vs. 62%, p = 0.04) and a history of preeclampsia (27 vs. 10%, p = 0.02). After controlling for confounders, women with abnormal echocardiogram were at an increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, OR 6.80 (95% confidence interval [CI] 3.32-13.93, p = 0.01), and in particular severe preeclampsia, OR 8.77 (95% CI 3.90-19.74, p = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Among pregnant women with class III obesity and medical comorbidities, screening echocardiogram may help identify a subset of women at the highest risk of developing preeclampsia. KEY POINTS: · Women with obesity and comorbid conditions are at a high risk of abnormal echocardiogram.. · Women with obesity, medical comorbid conditions, and abnormal echo are at a high risk of preeclampsia.. · Screening echocardiogram can help identify obese women at the highest risk of severe preeclampsia..
Prediction of adverse neonatal adaptation in fetuses with severe fetal growth restriction after 34 weeks of gestation.; OBJECTIVE: To establish a predictive model for adverse immediate neonatal adaptation (INA) in fetuses with suspected severe fetal growth restriction (FGR) after 34 gestational weeks (GW). METHODS: We conducted a retrospective observational study at the University Hospitals of Strasbourg between 2000 and 2020, including 1,220 women with a singleton pregnancy and suspicion of severe FGR who delivered from 34 GW. The primary outcome (composite) was INA defined as Apgar 5-minute score <7, arterial pH <7.10, immediate transfer to pediatrics, or the need for resuscitation at birth. We developed and tested a logistic regression predictive model. RESULTS: Adverse INA occurred in 316 deliveries. The model included six features available before labor: parity, gestational age, diabetes, middle cerebral artery Doppler, cerebral-placental inversion, onset of labor. The model could predict individual risk of adverse INA with confidence interval at 95 %. Taking an optimal cutoff threshold of 32 %, performances were: sensitivity 66 %; specificity 83 %; positive and negative predictive values 60 % and 87 % respectively, and area under the curve 78 %. DISCUSSION: The predictive model showed good performances and a proof of concept that INA could be predicted with pre-labor characteristics, and needs to be investigated further.
Placental abruption and long-term maternal cardiovascular disease mortality: a population-based registry study in Norway and Sweden.; Women with preeclamptic pregnancies have increased long-term cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. We explored this mortality risk among women with placental abruption, another placental pathology. We used linked Medical Birth Registry and Death Registry data to study CVD mortality among over two million women with a first singleton birth between 1967 and 2002 in Norway and 1973 and 2003 in Sweden. Women were followed through 2009 and 2010, respectively, to ascertain subsequent pregnancies and mortality. Cox regression analysis was used to estimate associations between placental abruption and cardiovascular mortality adjusting for maternal age, education, year of the pregnancy and country. There were 49,944 deaths after an average follow-up of 23 years, of which 5453 were due to CVD. Women with placental abruption in first pregnancy (n = 10,981) had an increased risk of CVD death (hazard ratio 1.8; 95 % confidence interval 1.3, 2.4). Results were essentially unchanged by excluding women with pregestational hypertension, preeclampsia or diabetes. Women with placental abruption in any pregnancy (n = 23,529) also had a 1.8-fold increased risk of CVD mortality (95 % confidence interval 1.5, 2.2) compared with women who never experienced the condition. Our findings provide evidence that placental abruption, like other placental complications of pregnancy, is associated with women's increased risk of later CVD mortality.
Diabetic retinopathy in identical twins.; The prevalence and features of diabetic retinopathy have been examined in 95 pairs of identical twins, 31 concordant for insulin-dependent diabetes (IDD), 27 discordant for IDD, and 37 concordant for non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDD). Optic fundi were examined after pupillary dilatation and retinopathy was classified as nil, background, or severe. In the NIDD twins, 35 of the 37 pairs were in the same category including all but one of the 15 pairs with the same duration of diabetes. However, in insulin-dependent diabetic pairs the situation was quite different; only 21 of 31 pairs were in the same retinopathy category, and of the 10 pairs of co-twins with the same duration of diabetes 5 pairs showed a striking difference for retinopathy. There was no significant difference in the prevalence of retinopathy in the concordant and discordant IDD twin pairs. Diabetic retinopathy was not observed in 32 unaffected co-twins of diabetics. We conclude that genetic factors may be important in the etiology of retinopathy in non-insulin-dependent diabetes but that nongenetic factors must be important in the pathogenesis of retinopathy in insulin-dependent diabetes.
Impact of oxidative stress during pregnancy on fetal epigenetic patterns and early origin of vascular diseases.; Epidemiological studies have led scientists to postulate the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis for noncommunicable diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, and obesity. However, the cellular and molecular mechanisms involved in the development of these diseases are not well understood. In various animal models, it has been observed that oxidative stress during pregnancy is associated with the early development of endothelial dysfunction in offspring. This phenomenon suggests that endothelial dysfunction may initiate in the uterus and could lead to increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. Currently, it is known that many of the fetal adaptive responses to environmental factors are mediated by epigenetic changes in the genome, especially by the degree of methylation in cytosines in the promoter regions of genes. These findings suggest that the establishment of a particular epigenetic pattern in the genome may be generated by oxidative stress.
Diabetic nephropathy.; In most Western countries, diabetic nephropathy (DN) has become the single most common condition found in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). This is to some extent due to better survival of diabetic patients with renal failure, but mostly due to the dramatic increase in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes. The majority of type 2 diabetic patients with renal failure suffer from nodular glomerulosclerosis (Kimmelstiel-Wilson); but ischemic nephropathy, irreversible acute renal failure (mostly acute on chronic) and diabetes co-existing with primary renal diseases are common as well. Classical DN evolves in a sequence of stages. After a period of glomerular hyperfiltration, increased urinary albumin excretion [microalbuminuria (MA)] i.e. 30-300 mg/day or 20 - 200 microg/minute indicates the onset of overt DN. Risk factors for development of DN are positive family history, hyperglycemia in the mother during pregnancy, high blood pressure, obesity and insulin resistance. Poor glycemic control (HbAlc) and elevated systolic blood pressure (> 135 mm Hg) interact in enhancing the risk of DN. Proteinuria and smoking are major promoters of progression. The risk of onset of microalbuminuria can be reduced by lowering of blood pressure and specifically by blockade of the renin angiotensin system (RAS). In patients with established DN, the target systolic blood pressure should be <130 mm Hg and RAS blockade is obligatory. Treating all cardiovascular risk factors is a high priority. Antihypertensive management is rendered difficult by extreme volume sensitivity, pronounced activation of the RAS and autonomic neuropathy. Cardiac events are excessively frequent, glycemic control becomes difficult and autonomic diabetic neuropathy with gastroparesis and diabetic foot are additional problems. Hemodialysis or continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis should be started relatively early. In the absence of contraindications, transplantation (renal transplantation, combined kidney/pancreas transplantation or pancreas after kidney transplantation) is the treatment of choice.
Comparative analysis of the health status of military police officers and firefighters: a cross-sectional study in the State of Paraná, Brazil.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the health-condition of military police officers and firefighters. To identify risk factors for not being medically ready for duty. DESIGN: Cross-sectional study. SETTING: Data were extracted from medical records during annual periodic health assessments of police officers and firefighters serving with the military police in Paraná, Brazil. PARTICIPANTS: 6621 police officers (5927 men and 694 women) and 1347 firefighters (1257 men and 90 women) who underwent health assessments between July 2018 and June 2019 were analysed. Pregnant women were excluded. OUTCOME MEASURES: Data included variables such as sex, age, anthropometric measurements, lifestyle, comorbidities and laboratory tests. Multiple logistic regression was used to estimate the probability of not being medically ready for active duty. RESULTS: Overall, police officers had worse health status than firefighters and greater prevalence of overweight and obesity, regardless of sex. Musculoskeletal diseases were the most commonly reported disease by police officers and firefighters of both sexes. Among men, hypertension was the second most prevalent disease, followed by psychiatric diseases and dyslipidaemia. Among women, psychiatric diseases were the second most prevalent. Male police officers ≥40 years old presented the highest probability of not being considered ready for duty (40.1%). The probability of male police officers between the ages of 31 and 40 not being ready was similar to that for male firefighters >40 years old. There was a higher chance of not being medically ready professionals with diseases such as diabetes mellitus (OR 2.95, 95% CI 1.97 to 5.03), dyslipidaemia (OR 2.65, 95% CI 1.96 to 3.58), hypertension (OR 2.29, 95% CI 1.85 to 4.70), high total cholesterol (OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.93 to 2.42), and heart disease (OR 2.13, 95% CI 1.32 to 3.45). CONCLUSIONS: There was a high prevalence of chronic diseases and modifiable cardiovascular risk factors among police officers and firefighters. Healthy protective measures should be offered frequently, particularly to police officers at an earlier age.
Screening low-income women of reproductive age for cardiovascular disease risk factors.; Abstract Background: Identifying and treating chronic diseases, their precursors, and other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors during family planning visits may improve long-term health and reproductive outcomes among low-income women. A cross-sectional study design was used to describe the prevalence of chronic diseases (hypertension, high cholesterol, and diabetes), their precursors (pre-hypertension, borderline high cholesterol, and pre-diabetes), and related CVD risk factors (such as obesity, smoking, and physical inactivity) among low-income women of reproductive age. METHODS: Prevalence of chronic diseases, their precursors, and related CVD risk factors were assessed for 462 out of 859 (53.8%) female family planning patients, ages 18-44 years, who attended a Title X clinic in eastern North Carolina during 2011 and 2012 and consented to participate. Data were obtained from clinical measurements, blood test results, and questionnaire. Differences in distribution of demographic and health care characteristics and CVD risk factors by presence of prehypertension and pre-diabetes were assessed by Pearson chi-square tests. RESULTS: The prevalence of hypertension was 12%, high cholesterol 16%, and diabetes 3%. Nearly two-thirds of women with hypertension were newly diagnosed (62%) as were 75% of women with diabetes. The prevalence of pre-hypertension was 35%, pre-diabetes 31%, obesity 41%, smoking 32%, and physical inactivity 42%. The majority of participants (87%) had one or more chronic disease or related cardiovascular disease risk factor. CONCLUSIONS: CVD screening during family planning visits can identify significant numbers of women at risk for poor pregnancy outcomes and future chronic disease and can provide prevention opportunities if effective interventions are available and acceptable to this population.
Type 1 diabetes management and hospitalisation in the over 25's at an Australian outer urban diabetes clinic.; AIMS: To describe clinic management and referral pathways among adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) aged > 25 years attending a public outpatient diabetes service. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of people with T1D aged > 25 years seen by endocrinologists in one Australian urban public outpatient in 2017. Electronic and paper medical records were reviewed using a dataset adapted from the UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellence 2015 guidelines. RESULTS: Among the 111 people with T1D (mean age 41 ± 13 years, 55% men, mean body mass index 27.1 ± 5.6 kg/m(2)), mean HbA1c was 8.1 ± 1.9% (66 ± 19 mmol/mol) (lower than the Australian National Diabetes Audit: 8.5%/69 mmol/mol) with 25.5% meeting the guideline target of < 53 mmol/mol (7.0%). Most people had seen a diabetes educator (80.2%) or dietitian (73.0%) and had complication screening. Complication rates were high (nephropathy 20.4%, retinopathy 27.4%, peripheral neuropathy 30.1%, ischaemic heart disease/acute infarction 10.5%). Overall, 27% of referrals occurred following an acute inpatient admission or emergency department presentation and 13% for management of diabetes in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: A high proportion of people with T1D accessed public specialist care either during pregnancy or after a largely avoidable acute glycaemia-related hospital presentation. Subsequent care was in line with national specialist standards. This area has a "wait for acute event" rather than "complication prevention" model of care, associated with under-referral to the local multidisciplinary specialist service. Understanding how widespread this model of care is, and ways to reduce its prevalence, are urgently required.
Blood flow in the fetal descending aorta.; Doppler estimation of the blood flow in the descending aorta of the fetus and waveform analysis of the maximum aortic velocity provide valuable information on fetal circulation. When estimating fetal aortic flow, it is important to consider possible sources of error; even when recording the maximum aortic velocity for waveform analysis, to obtain reproducible results it is important to use a low high-pass filter, a well-defined angle of insonation, and a standardized site of measurement and to avoid periods of fetal breathing and activity. In normal pregnancy the time-averaged mean velocity in the descending aorta is stable throughout the third trimester. The weight-related flow is stable until 37 weeks, after which it falls slightly. The placental proportion of the flow in the thoracic descending aorta decreases toward term. In the aorta of normal fetuses there is positive flow throughout the whole heart cycle, which is due to the low vascular resistance in the placental circulation. The waveform of the aortic velocity can be characterized by the PI, which is stable during the last trimester of gestation. Caution is required when interpreting changes in the aortic PI, as it is not only affected by the peripheral resistance but also by the heart performance. Furthermore, PI is related to fetal heart rate. Near term different values of PI are found in different fetal behavioral states. In fetuses with retarded growth and in fetuses at distress, characteristic changes of the aortic velocity waveform have been reported by several researchers: the end-diastolic velocity diminishes and disappears, and in extreme cases a brief reversal of flow in diastole was observed. Consequently, the PI increases in such cases. The absence of the end-diastolic aortic velocity can easily be determined and is the best indicator of fetal status: in fetuses with absent end-diastolic velocity the incidence of perinatal mortality and morbidity is significantly higher than in fetuses with positive flow throughout the cycle. In pregnancies with hypertension or diabetes mellitus, normal aortic flow has been reported, as long as the fetuses were not growth retarded. In cases of severe Rh-isoimmunization, the mean aortic velocity correlates with fetal hematocrit. In hypoxic fetuses the mean velocity was reported to correlate with the degree of hypoxia, hypercarbia, and acidosis.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Increased mortality in women with cataract: a population based follow up of the North London Eye Study.; BACKGROUND/AIMS: In diabetics, cataract is associated with higher risk of death. In non-diabetics the data are conflicting, but some indicate an association between one type of cataract (nuclear) and increased mortality. The aim of this study was to estimate and compare age and sex specific mortality for elderly people with and without cataract in a population based cohort. METHODS: A random sample drawn from a defined population of elderly people (age 65 and older) registered with 17 general practice groups in north London formed the study cohort and were followed up for 4 years. The age and sex specific mortality from various causes was estimated and compared in those with and without cataract. RESULTS: In non-diabetics (n=1318), cataract (lens opacity at baseline) was significantly associated with higher mortality in women. The age standardised death rate per 1000 was 39.8 and 24.8 in women with and without cataract, respectively (age adjusted hazard ratio 1.7, confidence limits 1.1 to 2.7, p=0.032). This was not the case in non-diabetic men (hazard ratio 0.9, confidence limits 0.6 to 1.5, p=0.782). The excess mortality in women with cataract was consistent for cardiovascular, respiratory, and other non-cancer causes of death. There was no association between cataract and mortality from cancer. CONCLUSIONS: This study has shown, for the first time, that cataract is associated with higher mortality in women but not in men, among the non-diabetic population. This sex effect suggests that women may be exposed to risk factors that increase both the risk of cataract and mortality, and that men may have little or no exposure to these "sex specific" factors. Possible risk factors that warrant further investigation may be those associated with some pregnancy and childbearing experience.
Long-term GH treatment is not associated with disadvantageous changes of inflammatory markers and adipocytokines in children born small for gestational age.; CONTEXT: Low birth weight is associated with increased risks for adult cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2). Adiponectin and resistin are hormones, considered, respectively, protective and disadvantageous regarding these risks. No data exist on the effect of long-term GH treatment on these hormones and inflammatory markers in children born small for gestational age (SGA). OBJECTIVE: To describe longitudinal changes in inflammatory markers and adipocytokines during and after a long-term dose-response GH study. DESIGN: Longitudinal dose-response study [group A: 1 mg/m(2) body surface area (BSA) (approximately 0.033 mg/kg/day) vs. group B: 2 mg/m(2) BSA (approximately 0.067 mg/kg/day)] and comparison with age-related controls. PATIENTS: One hundred and three SGA children. MEASUREMENTS: We measured adiponectin, resistin, interleukin-6 (IL-6) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels at baseline, after 1 and 7 years of GH treatment and 6 months after discontinuation of GH. RESULTS: Adiponectin levels decreased over time, but remained comparable with controls. Resistin levels increased and remained lower or comparable with controls. There were no significant differences between the GH dosage groups. After the GH treatment was stopped, adiponectin was decreased in group B and resistin increased in group A. GH therapy did not affect IL-6 and CRP levels at any time point. An increase in body mass index (BMI) standard deviation score (SDS) over time was associated with a decrease in adiponectin levels. None of the markers were associated with insulin sensitivity. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term GH treatment is not associated with disadvantageous changes in adiponectin, resistin, IL-6 and CRP levels, neither during nor after GH treatment.
Utility of fetal echocardiogram in high-risk patients.; AIM: Patients at high risk of fetal congenital heart disease are commonly referred for second trimester fetal echocardiogram. The objective of this study was to evaluate the utility of routine fetal echocardiogram in high-risk patients after the evaluation of the four-chamber/left ventricular outflow tract (LVOT) views during comprehensive second trimester anatomy ultrasound. METHODS: Second trimester comprehensive anatomy ultrasounds, which included a four-chamber/LVOT view, and subsequent fetal echocardiograms carried out at the Duke University Medical Center from January 1995 and July 2002 were reviewed. Those fetal echocardiograms carried out between 17 and 30 weeks gestation were included in the analysis. RESULTS: A total of 725 individual subjects met the inclusion criteria. Twenty-nine fetal echocardiograms were ultimately reported as abnormal. Of these, 19 had an abnormal four-chamber/LVOT view, four had a suboptimal view and six had a normal view. Of the six patients with a normal four-chamber/LVOT, all had been referred for echocardiogram based on the presence of other significant fetal anomalies noted at the time of second trimester anatomy ultrasound (3), documented aneuploidy (2), and significant fetal arrhythmia (1). CONCLUSION: Utility in carrying out fetal echocardiogram was seen in patients with an abnormal four-chamber/LVOT view, a suboptimal view in a high-risk patient, and the presence of other significant fetal abnormalities. Utility was not seen in patients with pre-existing diabetes mellitus.
Clinical and epidemiological description of aortic dissection in Turner's syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Women with Turner's syndrome have an increased risk of congenital cardiac malformations, ischaemic heart disease, hypertension and stroke. Aortic dissection seems to occur with increased frequency. AIM: To describe in more detail aortic dissection as encountered in Turner's syndrome, giving attention to clinical, histological and epidemiological aspects. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Based on a retrospective study, we describe the clinical, karyotypic, and epidemiological aspects of aortic dissection as encountered in cases of Turner's syndrome seen in Denmark and Sweden. RESULTS: The median age at onset of aortic dissection in 18 women was 35 years, ranging from 18 to 61 years. Fourteen of 18 women had a 45,X karyotype, while 2 patients had 45,X/45,XY, and 2 had the 45,X/46,X+r(X) complement, respectively. Echocardiography was performed in 10 of 18 patients before their acute illness, and showed signs of congenital cardiac disease, with either bifoliate aortic valves, dilation of the aortic root, or previous aortic coarctation evident in most patients. In 5 patients evidence of a bifoliate aortic valve was conclusive. Hypertension was present in 5 of 18 patients, while 10 of the patients died from aortic dissection, of so-called type A in 6, type B in 3, while in the final case the origin of dissection could not be determined. Biochemical analysis showed altered ratio between type I and type III collagen. Histology showed cystic medial necrosis in 3 of 7 cases. We estimated an incidence of dissection of 36 per 100,000 Turner's syndrome years, compared with an incidence of 6 per 100,000 in the general population, and a cumulated rate of incidence of 14, 73, 78, and 50 per 100,000 among 0-19, 20-29, 30-39, and 40+ year olds, respectively. CONCLUSION: Aortic dissection is extremely common in the setting of Turner's syndrome, and occurs early in life. Patients with Turner's syndrome should be offered a protocol for clinical follow-up similar to that provided for patients with Marfan syndrome, and each clinic should embrace a programme for follow-up.
Acute and long-term nutrient-led modifications of gene expression: potential role of SIRT1 as a central co-ordinator of short and longer-term programming of tissue function.; Environmental factors can influence the acute and longer-term risks of developing diseases, including type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease; however, the underlying mechanism remains elusive. Increasing evidence suggests that these effects can be achieved by modification of metabolic gene expression. These include acute changes in histone methylation, acetylation, phosphorylation, and ubiquitination and longer-term DNA silencing elicited by DNA methylation. Thus, an increased risk of disease may reflect acute or chronic stable modification of genes that regulate nutrient handling, leading to altered nutrient utilization (increased lipid oxidation at the expense of glucose utilization) and/or changes in the balance between nutrient storage and energy production, thereby favoring the development of obesity. The review addresses the hypothesis that early-life epigenetic programming of gene expression could be mirrored by changes in acute function of nuclear receptors, in particular the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors, achieved by enzymes that are more conventionally involved in regulating DNA methylation and post-transcriptional modification of histones. Emphasis is placed on the potential importance of the protein deacetylase sirtuin-1 as a central co-ordinator.
Pregnancy outcomes of adolescent primigravida and risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension: a hospital-based study in Southern Thailand.; The objectives were to examine pregnancy outcomes in adolescent primigravida and to determine the effects of adolescent pregnancy on pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). A retrospective analysis of pregnancy outcomes was carried out in 2440 adolescent primigravida, compared with 14,259 primigravida aged 20-29 years. The adolescents had significantly higher rates of maternal death, maternal heart disease, PIH, puerperal infection, chorioamnionitis, urinary tract infection, foetal anomaly, preterm delivery, low birth weight, low Apgar scores and stillbirth. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that both older (16-19 years old) and younger (≤15 years old) adolescents were significantly at an increased risk of PIH (adjusted OR of 1.29; 95% CI, 1.03-1.62 and 1.90; 95% CI, 1.02-3.54, respectively). Adolescent primigravida had significantly lower rates of caesarean delivery, diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, placenta praevia and cephalopelvic disproportion (CPD). Inadequate antenatal care in adolescents increased rates of PIH and adverse foetal outcomes. Impact statement What is already known on this subject? Adolescent pregnancy is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in both mothers and foetuses. Conflicting evidence on some adverse maternal outcomes still exists. What the results of this study add? Our data suggest a significant increase risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) in both younger and older adolescent primigravida. Inadequate antenatal care (<4 times) in adolescents increased rates of PIH and adverse foetal outcomes. Rate of maternal death was higher than previous study, with different causes of death. In our study, the major cause of death was heart disease, but previous study found hypertensive disorder to be the leading cause of death in adolescents. Rates of infection also increased during pregnancy and postpartum period. The adolescents had lower rates of caesarean delivery, diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, placenta praevia and cephalopelvic disproportion (CPD). What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Early detection and prompt treatment for adverse maternal complications, especially PIH, infection and preterm labour are essential. Ultrasound screening at 18-20 weeks' gestation should be performed due to an increased risk of foetal anomaly. Further research in prevention of PIH in adolescent pregnancy is suggested.
Chemerin-induced macrophages pyroptosis in fetal brain tissue leads to cognitive disorder in offspring of diabetic dams.; BACKGROUND: Chemerin is highly expressed in the serum, placenta tissue, and umbilical cord blood of diabetic mother; however, the impact of chemerin on cognitive disorders of offspring from mothers with diabetes in pregnancy remains unclear. METHODS: A diabetic phenotype in pregnant mice dams was induced by streptozocin (STZ) injection or intraperitoneal injection of chemerin. Behavioral changes in offspring of diabetic dams and nondiabetic controls were assessed, and changes in chemerin, two receptors of chemerin [chemerin receptor 23 (ChemR23) and chemokine (C-C motif) receptor-like 2 (CCRL2)], macrophages, and neurons in the brain tissue were studied to reveal the underlying mechanism of the behavioral changes. RESULTS: Chemerin treatment mimicked the STZ-induced symptom of maternal diabetes in mice along with the altered behavior of offspring in the open field test (OFT) assay. In the exploring process for potential mechanism, the brain tissues of offspring from chemerin-treated dams were observed with an increase level of macrophage infiltration and a decrease number of neuron cells. Moreover, an increased level of NOD-like receptor family pyrin domain containing 3 (NLRP3) and apoptosis-associated speck-like (Asc) protein as well as pyroptosis [characterized by increased active caspase-1 content and secretion of cytokines such as interleukin (IL) 1 beta (IL-1β) and IL-18] more activated in macrophages is also observed in the brain of these diabetic dam's offspring, in the presence of ChemR23. In vitro, it was found that pyroptosis activation was increased in macrophages separated from the abdominal cavity of normal mice, after chemerin treatment. However, depletion of CCRL2 decreased the level of chemerin in the brain tissues of diabetic dams' offspring; depletion of ChemR23 decreased macrophage pyroptosis, and depletion of either receptor reversed chemerin-mediated neurodevelopmental deficits and cognitive impairment of offspring of diabetic pregnant dams. CONCLUSIONS: Chemerin induced diabetic pregnant disease and CCRL2 were required to enrich chemerin in the brain of offspring. Aggregation of chemerin could lead to macrophage recruitment, activation of pyroptosis, the release of inflammatory cytokines, a decrease in the number of neurons, and cognitive impairment in offspring in a ChemR23-dependent manner. Targeting CCRL2 and/or ChemR23 could be useful for treating neuropsychological deficits in offspring of dams with diabetes in pregnancy.
Infants with Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia Exhibit Thalamic Discrepancies in Early Brain Structure.; INTRODUCTION: Patients with classical congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) have prenatal and postnatal hormonal imbalances. To characterize the ontogeny of reported brain and behavior changes in older children with CAH, we aimed to study the brain structure in infants with CAH compared to healthy controls. METHODS: We performed neuroimaging in 16 infants with classical CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency (8 males, gestational age 38.2 ± 1.7 weeks, post-conceptional age [PCA] 42.2 ± 3.0 weeks) and 14 control infants (9 males, gestational age 38.5 ± 1.8 weeks, PCA 42.5 ± 2.4 weeks) utilizing 3-Tesla magnetic resonance imaging. Regional brain volumes were adjusted for PCA and sex, along with an additional adjustment for total brain volume (TBV), for group comparisons by regression analyses (mean, 95% confidence interval [CI]). The degree to which each brain region was differentiated between CAH and control infants was examined by relaimpo analyses, adjusting for all other brain regions, PCA, and sex. RESULTS: Infants with CAH had significantly smaller thalamic volumes (8,606 mm3, 95% CI [8,209, 9,002]) compared to age-matched control infants (9,215 mm3, 95% CI [8,783, 9,647]; β = -609; p = 0.02) which remained smaller after further adjustment for TBV. Upon further adjustment for TBV, the temporal lobe was larger in infants with CAH (66,817 mm3, CI [65,957, 67,677]) compared to controls (65,616 mm3, CI [64,680, 66,551]; β = 1,202, p = 0.03). The brain regions most differentiated between CAH versus controls were the thalamus (22%) and parietal lobe (10%). CONCLUSIONS: Infants with CAH exhibit smaller thalamic regions from early life, suggesting a prenatal influence on brain development in CAH. Thalamic emergence at 8-14 weeks makes the region particularly vulnerable to changes in the intrauterine environment, with potential implications for later maturing brain regions. These changes may take time to manifest, meriting longitudinal study through adolescence in CAH.
Effects of the use of assisted reproductive technologies and an obesogenic environment on resistance artery function and diabetes biomarkers in mice offspring.; Maternal obesity affects the incidence of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring. Also the use of assisted reproductive technologies (ART) has been associated with cardiovascular deficiencies in offspring. Obese women often suffer from infertility and use ART to achieve a pregnancy, but the combined effects of maternal obesity and ART on cardiovascular health and incidence of diabetes in the offspring is not known. Here, we report the effects of the use of ART within an obesogenic environment, consisting of feeding a western diet (WD) to dams and offspring, on resistance artery function and presence of diabetes biomarkers in juvenile mice offspring. Our results indicate that WD and ART interacted to induce endothelial dysfunction in mesenteric resistance arteries isolated from 7-week-old mice offspring. This was determined by presence of a reduced acetylcholine-induced dilation compared to controls. The arteries from these WD-ART mice also had greater wall cross-sectional areas and wall to lumen ratios indicative of vascular hypertrophic remodeling. Of the diabetes biomarkers measured, only resistin was affected by a WD×ART interaction. Serum resistin was significantly greater in WD-ART offspring compared to controls. Diet and sex effects were observed in other diabetes biomarkers. Our conclusion is that in mice the use of ART within an obesogenic environment interacts to favor the development of endothelial dysfunction in the resistance arteries of juvenile offspring, while having marginal effects on diabetes biomarkers.
Genetic and epigenetic catalysts in early-life programming of adult cardiometabolic disorders.; Evidence has emerged across the past few decades that the lifetime risk of developing morbidities like type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease may be influenced by exposures that occur in utero and in childhood. Developmental abnormalities are known to occur at various stages in fetal growth. Epidemiological and mechanistic studies have sought to delineate developmental processes and plausible risk factors influencing pregnancy outcomes and later health. Whether these observations reflect causal processes or are confounded by genetic and social factors remains unclear, although animal (and some human) studies suggest that epigenetic programming events may be involved. Regardless of the causal basis to observations of early-life risk factors and later disease risk, the fact that such associations exist and that they are of a fairly large magnitude justifies further research around this topic. Furthermore, additional information is needed to substantiate public health guidelines on lifestyle behaviors during pregnancy to improve infant health outcomes. Indeed, lifestyle intervention clinical trials in pregnancy are now coming online, where materials and data are being collected that should facilitate understanding of the causal nature of intrauterine exposures related with gestational weight gain, such as elevated maternal blood glucose concentrations. In this review, we provide an overview of these concepts.
Maternal Antihypertensive Medication Use and Congenital Heart Defects: Updated Results From the National Birth Defects Prevention Study.; Previous NBDPS (National Birth Defects Prevention Study) findings from 1997 to 2003 suggested that maternal antihypertensive use was associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs). We re-examined associations between specific antihypertensive medication classes and specific CHDs with additional NBDPS data from 2004 to 2011. After excluding mothers missing hypertension information or who reported pregestational diabetes mellitus, a multiple birth, or antihypertensive use but no hypertension, we compared self-reported maternal exposure data on 10 625 CHD cases and 11 137 nonmalformed controls. We calculated adjusted odds ratios [95% confidence intervals] to estimate the risk of specific CHDs associated with antihypertensive use during the month before conception through the third month of pregnancy, controlling for maternal age, race/ethnicity, body mass index, first trimester cigarette smoking, and NBDPS site. Overall, 164 (1.5%) case mothers and 102 (0.9%) control mothers reported early pregnancy antihypertensive use for their hypertension. We observed increased risk of 4 CHD phenotypes, regardless of antihypertensive medication class reported: coarctation of the aorta (2.50 [1.52-4.11]), pulmonary valve stenosis (2.19 [1.44-3.34]), perimembranous ventricular septal defect (1.90 [1.09-3.31]), and secundum atrial septal defect (1.94 [1.36-2.79]). The associations for these phenotypes were statistically significant for mothers who reported β-blocker use or renin-angiotensin system blocker use; estimates for other antihypertensive medication classes were generally based on fewer exposed cases and were less stable but remained elevated. Our results support and expand on earlier NBDPS findings that antihypertensive medication use may be associated with increased risk of specific CHDs, although we cannot completely rule out confounding by underlying disease characteristics.
Epidemiology and maternal prognosis of hypertension disorders of pregnancy in French Guiana.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are responsible for high maternal mortality and morbidity worldwide. OBJECTIVE: Our primary objective was to report the epidemiological and clinical features of HDP in Cayenne General Hospital. Our secondary objectives were to search for factors associated to preeclampsia (PE) and to severe PE in patients with HDP. METHODS: Our study was observational and non-interventional. It was conducted over 4-month period (January to April 2019) in the Obstetrics and Gynaecology Unit of the Cayenne General Hospital. We included all pregnant women after 20 weeks of gestation (WG), who gave birth and who presented HDP and/or PE. RESULTS: During the study period 1243 patients gave birth in our unit. Among them, 156 were diagnosed with HDP (12.6%). The median age was 33 years (IQR 28 - 38 years). The most frequent medical histories were diabetes (27.5%) and chronic hypertension (23.5%). The socioeconomic status was low in 31% of patients. Ninety-four patients (61.4%) developed PE with a severe form in 80.9% of cases. HELLP syndrome was diagnosed in 6.5% and nephropathy in 3.3% of cases. Delivery was by cesarean in 49.7% of cases. The median gestational age at delivery was 37 WG (IQR: 35-39). Multivariate analysis showed no independent factors associated with the occurrence of PE or severe PE in patients with HDP. CONCLUSION: Our study shows a high prevalence of PE in patients with HDP. Hospitalization and repeated clinical evaluation are needed to screen for women exposed to develop PE or severe PE.
Effect of streptozotocin-induced maternal diabetes on fetal rat brain glucose transporters.; Glucose, an essential substrate for brain oxidative metabolism, is transported across the blood-brain barrier and into neuronal and glial cells via Glut 1 and Glut 3 facilitative glucose transporter isoforms. To examine the effect of excessive circulating glucose on fetal brain glucose transporter expression, we investigated the effect of streptozotocin-induced maternal diabetes (SEVERE-D; n = 29) on the 20-d gestation fetal rat brain Glut 1 and Glut 3. We studied the effect of streptozotocin alone (STZ-ND; n = 12) in a nondiabetic state as well, along with vehicle injected controls (C; n = 24). In the presence of fetal hyperglycemia (12.63 +/- 0.82 nM-SEVERE-D versus 2.35 +/- 0.28-STZ-ND and 2.42 +/- 0.16-C; p < 0.001) and hypoinsulinemia (0.38 +/- 0.03 nM-SEVERE-D versus 0.50 +/- 0.07-STZ-ND and 0.55 +/- 0.06-C; p < 0.02), no detectable change in fetal brain Glut 1 and Glut 3 pretranslational expression (transcription/elongation rates and corresponding steady state mRNA levels) was noted when simultaneously compared with the STZ-ND and C groups. In contrast, a trend toward a decline in Glut 1 (approximately 25 to 30%, p = 0.05) and a substantive decrease in Glut 3 (approximately 35 to 50%, p = 0.0006) protein concentrations was present in both the STZ-ND and SEVERE-D groups when compared with the C group. These observations support a chemical effect of streptozotocin independent of maternal diabetes upon the translation or posttranslational processing of fetal brain glucose transporters. Maternal diabetes with fetal hyperglycemia, however, failed to substantively alter fetal brain glucose transporters independent of the streptozotocin effects upon neuroectodermally derived tissues. We conclude that maternal diabetes with associated overt fetal hyperglycemia does not significantly change fetal brain glucose transporter levels.
Perspective: Gestational Tryptophan Fluctuation Altering Neuroembryogenesis and Psychosocial Development.; Tryptophan, as the sole precursor of serotonin, mainly derived from diets, is essential for neurodevelopment and immunomodulation. Gestational tryptophan fluctuation may account for the maternal-fetal transmission in determining neuroembryogenesis with long-lasting effects on psychological development. Personality disorders and social exclusion are related to psychosocial problems, leading to impaired social functioning. However, it is not clear how the fluctuation in mother-child transmission regulates the neuroendocrine development and gut microbiota composition in progeny due to that tryptophan metabolism in pregnant women is affected by multiple factors, such as diets (tryptophan-enriched or -depleted diet), emotional mental states (anxiety, depression), health status (hypertension, diabetes), and social support as well as stresses and management skills. Recently, we have developed a non-mammal model to rationalize those discrepancies without maternal effects. This perspective article outlines the possibility and verified the hypothesis in bully-victim research with this novel model: (1). Summarizes the effects of the maternal tryptophan administration on the neuroendocrine and microbial development in their offspring; (2). Highlights the inconsistency and limitations in studying the relationship between gestational tryptophan exposure and psychosocial development in humans and viviparous animals; and (3). Evidences that embryonic exposure to tryptophan and its metabolite modify bullying interactions in the chicken model. With the current pioneer researches on the biomechanisms underlying the bully-victim interaction, the perspective article provides novel insights for developing appropriate intervention strategies to prevent psychological disorders among individuals, especially those who experienced prenatal stress, by controlling dietary tryptophan and medication therapy during pregnancy.
First Trimester Plasma Glucose Values in Women without Diabetes are Associated with Risk for Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring.; In a retrospective study of 19 171 mother-child dyads, elevated random plasma glucose values during early pregnancy were directly correlated with increased risk for congenital heart disease in offspring. Plasma glucose levels proximal to the period of cardiac development may represent a modifiable risk factor for congenital heart disease in expectant mothers without diabetes.
Extrauterine growth restriction at discharge in very-low-birth weight infants: a retrospective study in a level III neonatal intensive care unit.; BACKGROUND: Extrauterine growth restriction (EUGR) remains a serious problem among very low birth weight (VLBW) infants and is a marker of severe nutritional deficit during the first weeks of life. It can lead to a higher risk of growth impairment during childhood and long-term medical problems. The aim of this study is to determine the prevalence and risk factors of EUGR in preterm infants below 1500 grams. METHODS: Descriptive retrospective study of all preterm infants with birth weight below 1500 grams who were born at and discharged from our center, from January 1(st), 2012 to December 31(st), 2016. Those with major congenital malformations, congenital TORCH infections, death before 36 weeks of postmenstrual age and those transferred during hospitalization were excluded. RESULTS: A total of 101 VLBW newborns were studied, 35 (34.7%) had EUGR. Fifty-four (52.9%) newborns were male. The median gestational age was 29 weeks (25-35) and the median birth weight was 1205 grams (580-1500). Fetal growth restriction, moderate-severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia, invasive mechanical ventilation, patent ductus arteriosus and its surgical treatment, retinopathy of prematurity, cystic periventricular leukomalacia, anemia requiring red blood cells transfusions, as well as duration of parenteral nutrition, day of start of enteral nutrition (EN), day of achievement of full EN and a longer duration of hospitalization were identified as independent risk factors for EUGR. CONCLUSIONS: EUGR is a serious concern in neonatal intensive care. Some of its potential long-term consequences include a higher risk of growth impairment during childhood, poorer neurodevelopment and motor outcomes, as well as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes later in life. Therefore, it is necessary to carefully assess the nutritional status of VLBW infants, as well as to increase the knowledge of the risk factors for EUGR, which will be crucial for its prevention.
Early life predictors of chronic disease.; Many chronic diseases may have their seeds early in life. Observations from the Dutch famine have taught us that the intrauterine environment is an important determinant of adult health. Birth weight has been related to cardiovascular disease (CVD), hypertension, diabetes, and cancer. Critical phases for adult obesity development include time periods between conception and adolescence. A life course approach to chronic disease prevention includes the study of maternal diet during pregnancy, intrauterine exposures, postnatal growth, and the adolescent period.
Current perspectives of insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome.; AIMS: To review the relationship between insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome. METHODS: A literature review. RESULTS: Insulin resistance likely plays a central pathogenic role in polycystic ovary syndrome and may explain the pleiotropic presentation and involvement of multiple organ systems. Insulin resistance in the skeletal muscle of women with polycystic ovary syndrome involves both intrinsic and acquired defects in insulin signalling. The cellular insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome has been further shown to involve a novel post-binding defect in insulin signal transduction. Treatment of insulin resistance through lifestyle therapy or with a diabetes drug has become mainstream therapy in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. However, effects with current pharmacologic treatment with metformin tend to be modest, with limited benefit as an agent to treat infertility. Insulin resistance contributes to increased risk for pregnancy complications, diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk profile in polycystic ovary syndrome, which is further exacerbated by obesity. While numerous studies demonstrate increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome, there are limited data showing that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease events. CONCLUSIONS: Insulin resistance is linked to polycystic ovary syndrome. Further study of lifestyle and pharmacologic interventions that reduce insulin resistance, such as metformin, are needed to demonstrate that they are effective in reducing the risk of diabetes, endometrial abnormalities and cardiovascular disease events in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Exposure to urban particulate matter and its association with human health risks.; Human health and environmental risks are increasing following air pollution associated with vehicular and industrial emissions in which particulate matter is a constituent. The purpose of this review was to assess studies on the health effects and mortality induced by particles published for the last 15 years. The literature survey indicated the existence of strong positive associations between fine and ultrafine particles' exposure and cardiovascular, hypertension, obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, cancer health risks, and mortality. Its exposure is also associated with increased odds of hypertensive and diabetes disorders of pregnancy and premature deaths. The ever increasing hospital admission and mortality due to heart failure, diabetes, hypertension, and cancer could be due to long-term exposure to particles in different countries. Therefore, its effect should be communicated for legal and scientific actions to minimize emissions mainly from traffic sources.
Missed opportunities to prevent cardiovascular disease in women with prior preeclampsia.; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women in every major developed country and in most emerging nations. Complications of pregnancy, including preeclampsia, indicate a subsequent increase in cardiovascular risk. There may be a primary care provider knowledge gap regarding preeclampsia as a risk factor for CVD. The objective of our study is to determine how often internists at an academic institution inquire about a history of preeclampsia, as compared to a history of smoking, hypertension and diabetes, when assessing CVD risk factors at well-woman visits. Additional aims were (1) to educate internal medicine primary care providers on the significance of preeclampsia as a risk factor for CVD disease and (2) to assess the impact of education interventions on obstetric history documentation and screening for CVD in women with prior preeclampsia. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was performed to identify women ages 18-48 with at least one prior obstetric delivery. We evaluated the frequency of documentation of preeclampsia compared to traditional risk factors for CVD (smoking, diabetes, and chronic hypertension) by reviewing the well-woman visit notes, past medical history, obstetric history, and the problem list in the electronic medical record. For intervention, educational teaching sessions (presentation with Q&A session) and education slide presentations were given to internal medicine physicians at clinic sites. Changes in documentation were evaluated post-intervention. RESULTS: When assessment of relevant pregnancy history was obtained, 23.6% of women were asked about a history preeclampsia while 98.9% were asked about diabetes or smoking and 100% were asked about chronic hypertension (p < 0.001). Education interventions did not significantly change rates of screening documentation (p = 0.36). CONCLUSION: Our study adds to the growing body of literature that women with a history of preeclampsia might not be identified as having increased CVD risk in the outpatient primary care setting. Novel educational programming may be required to increase provider documentation of preeclampsia history in screening.
Pregnancy and contraceptive issues in renal transplant recipients.; Fertility is improved within months and conception is achieved within one to six years after kidney transplantation. Pregnancy is safe and has little effect on long-term graft survival, but has increased maternal and fetal risks. Pregnancy is contraindicated in the first two years post-kidney transplantation due to increased risk of acute rejections and higher doses of immunosuppressive drugs. Poor renal function, uncontrolled diabetes mellitus and hypertension are other contraindications. Family planning and counseling, and consideration of a suitable contraceptive method are essential before transplantation. Tubal ligation and vasectomy are permanent contraceptives with the least failure results. Combined pills are highly effective and are among the lowest failure rate contraceptives, but they interact with cyclosporine, and are contraindicated in patients with thromboembolism and deep vein thrombosis. Progesterone-only minipill has the advantage of avoiding the risks associated with estrogen, but has a higher failure rate than the combined pills. The barrier methods (condom and diaphragm) are effective and safe contraceptives and can prevent sexually transmitted diseases, but require motivated couples. Intra uterine devices are convenient contraceptives, but have higher failure rate and are associated with increased incidence of pelvic infection. Pregnancy in renal transplant recipients should be managed by a multidisciplinary approach in a tertiary centre.
A systematic review investigating patient knowledge and awareness on the association between oral health and their systemic condition.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of the oral-systemic relationship has accounted for potentially preventable chronic conditions and morbidity worldwide. Health literacy is a large contributing factor. This systematic review investigates the knowledge and awareness of patients with major systemic conditions, regarding the oral associations to their condition. METHODS: Electronic databases including Medline (Ovid), CINAHL, The Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Informit Health Databases and Scopus were searched. All articles from 2011 to 2020, investigating knowledge of the oral-systemic link, of adult patients with the following major system conditions were searched: diabetes mellitus (DM), respiratory disease, cardiovascular disease (CVD), pregnancy and bone disease. Two independent reviewers completed screening, data extraction and quality assessment. A synthesis without meta-analysis was conducted. Twenty-four studies, from 14 different countries, were included in the systematic review. RESULTS: Analysis showed that globally, patients with major systemic conditions have poor knowledge and awareness (< 50%) of the oral health associations to their condition. Improvements in health education are particularly necessary for patients with heart disease, bone disease and diabetes. Dentists and the media were the most common source of information. There were no relevant studies investigating the knowledge of patients with respiratory disease. CONCLUSION: To improve the global burden of preventable chronic conditions, it is essential to address inequalities in the dissemination of health education to at-risk populations. Improvements in patient education rely on an increase in patient-practitioner communication on the oral-systemic link, implementation of oral health educational programs and greater interdisciplinary collaboration.
Health benefits of aerobic exercise.; Regular aerobic exercise has significant cardiovascular benefits, including a reduction in incidence of and mortality from coronary artery disease--probably because of positive effects on blood lipid levels and blood pressure. Aerobic exercise can also be an important adjunct to a weight-loss program. Many persons who continue an exercise program do so because of its positive mental benefits, including reduction in anxiety and depression and modulation of stress levels. Aerobic exercise has a place in the management of diabetes, pregnancy, and aging. The problems associated with aerobic exercise are minimal compared with its benefits.
Metabolic syndrome and periodontal disease: An overview for physicians.; The metabolic syndrome (MetS) (also known as insulin resistance syndrome, syndrome X) is a cluster of factors associated with increased risk of developing coronary heart disease or type 2 diabetes mellitus. Several studies in the past have reviewed an association between MetS and periodontitis. Periodontal disease is considered an infectious and chronic inflammatory disease, and it has been considered to be a potential risk in cardiovascular and respiratory diseases and diabetes, and has implications in adverse pregnancy outcomes, osteoporosis, and so on. These systemic disorders have been documented as capable of affecting the periodontium or treatment of periodontal disease. Oral inflammatory lesions have different basic mechanisms concerning the possible association with systemic diseases. They concern local spread, metastatic spread, or immunologic cross-reactivity. In many studies, sometimes contrasting, periodontal pathogens have been evaluated in atheromatous plaques isolated from patients with chronic periodontitis. Oral inflammatory lesions have been shown unequivocally to contribute to elevated systemic inflammatory responses. In some studies, intensive periodontal therapy showed a significant reduction in c-reactive protein levels, interleukin-6, and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol after 2 months. The aim of this article is to reflect the association between MetS and periodontitis and to suggest an understanding to promote interprofessional practice; with proper oral care and plaque control, we can reduce the severity of MetS.
Associations between ambient air pollution and noise from road traffic with blood pressure and insulin resistance in children from Denmark.; BACKGROUND: Road traffic is a major source of air pollution and noise. Both exposures may contribute to increased blood pressure and metabolic disease; however, few studies have examined these relationships in children. OBJECTIVES: We aimed to investigate whether long-term exposures to air pollution and noise from road traffic were associated with increased blood pressure and insulin resistance in children. METHODS: Cardiometabolic outcomes were derived from a follow-up examination of 629 children (10-15 years old) enrolled in the Danish National Birth Cohort. We evaluated associations with prenatal and postnatal residential exposure to nitrogen dioxide (NO(2)) and noise from road traffic (L(den)) using historical addresses and linear regression models. RESULTS: A 10-unit increase in postnatal exposure to NO(2) and L(den) was associated with a 0.31 (-0.87, 1.48) and 0.18 (-0.61, 0.96) mmHg changes in diastolic blood pressure, respectively. In contrast, both exposures were associated with decreased systolic blood pressure. After adjustment and mutual adjustment for NO(2), exposure to L(den) was associated with a statistical significant decrease in systolic blood pressure both during prenatal and postnatal life, but the majority of the associations evaluated did not reach statistical significance. Inverse associations were observed for plasma fasting glucose, insulin, and HOMA of insulin resistance for both exposures, exposure windows, before and after adjustment. CONCLUSIONS: The findings do not support evidence of associations between long-term exposures to air pollution and road traffic noise, increased blood pressure, and a metabolic profile characteristic of increased risk for glucose intolerance or type 2 diabetes later in life.
[Indirect causes of maternal deaths (except stroke, cardiovascular diseases and infections): Results from the French confidential enquiry into maternal deaths, 2010-2012].; Maternal deaths of indirect causes result of a preexisting disease or an affection appeared during the pregnancy without any relationship with obstetrical causes, but worsened by the physiological effects of pregnancy. Among the 23 deaths of indirect cause related to a preexisiting pathology, 22 (96 %) have been analyzed by the expert comity. A known or preexisting chronic disease was documented in 16 patients (sick-cell disorder, n=3, treated epilepsy, n=3, intracerebral carvenomas, n=1, multifocal glial tumor, n=1, breast cancer, n=1, systemic lupus, n=1, diabetes mellitus, n=3, antiphospholipid syndrome, n=1). For 6 women, the pathology was unknown before the pregnancy (glioblastoma, n=2, epilepsy, n=1, Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, n=1, sick-cell disorder, n=1, breast cancer, n=1). While 6 of these deaths has been evaluated as not avoidable, 13 deaths has been considered as possibly (n=12) or certainly (n=1) preventable. The main factor of avoidability was the patient's interaction with the health system (medically non advised pregnancy, lack of adherence to treatment, for example). A pre-pregnancy medical consultation with a specialist should be recommended to all patients with preexisting chronic disease, to allow a complete information about the risks of a pregnancy, treatment adaptation if needed, better adherence and multidisciplinary follow up.
The Assessment of Maternal and Fetal Intima-Media Thickness in Perinatology.; Intima-media thickness (IMT) measurement is a non-invasive method of arterial wall assessment. An increased IMT is a common manifestation of atherosclerosis associated with endothelial dysfunction. In the course of pregnancy, various maternal organs, including the endothelium, are prepared for their new role. However, several pre-gestational conditions involving endothelial dysfunction, such as diabetes, chronic hypertension, and obesity, may impair the adaptation to pregnancy, whereas vascular changes may also affect fetal development, thus, influencing the fetal IMT. In the conducted studies, a correlation was found between an increased fetal abdominal aorta IMT (aIMT) and placental dysfunctions, which may subsequently impact both the mother and the fetus, and contribute to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia (PE), and fetal growth restriction (FGR). In fact, data indicate that following the delivery, the endothelial dysfunction persists and influences the future health of the mother and the newborn. Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy increase the maternal risk of chronic hypertension, obesity, and vascular events. Moreover, individuals born from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or fetal growth restriction are at high risk of obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Therefore, understanding the pathomechanism underlying an increased aIMT in preeclampsia and FGR, as well as subsequent placental dysfunctions, is essential for developing targeted therapies. This review summarizes recent publications regarding IMT and demonstrates how IMT measurements affect predicting perinatal complications.
Incidental branch retinal artery occlusion on optical coherence tomography angiography presenting as segmental optic atrophy in a child: a case report.; BACKGROUND: Retinal artery occlusion is extremely rare in the pediatric population and most patients have risk factors. We report a case of a healthy child with segmental optic atrophy, complicated by incidental branch retinal artery occlusion (BRAO). CASE PRESENTATION: A 10-year-old boy who had a history of his mother's gestational diabetes presented with an inferonasal visual field defect in the left eye. His best-corrected visual acuities were 20/20 in both eyes (OU). Fundoscopic examination revealed segmental pallor of the left optic disc, thinning of the superotemporal rim, a relative superior entrance of the central retinal artery and superior peripapillary scleral halo. Fluorescein angiography showed patchy filling delays in the corresponding disc area without retinal vascular abnormalities. Spectral domain optical coherence tomography (SD OCT) via automated segmentation analysis demonstrated sectoral absence of the ganglion cell layer and retinal nerve fiber layer with thinning of the inner plexiform layer, inner nuclear layer and outer plexiform layer in the corresponding retina. OCT angiography (OCTA) showed focal attenuation of superficial and intermediate/deep capillary plexuses in the corresponding areas. Systemic evaluation was unremarkable. The patient was diagnosed with segmental optic atrophy caused by incidental BRAO. CONCLUSIONS: Retinal vascular occlusions are rare in childhood, and may present as segmental optic atrophy mimicking congenital anomalies. OCTA allows the detection of previous microvascular abnormalities in the chronic phase. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of a child with segmental optic atrophy presumably caused by BRAO, which was documented by SD OCT and OCTA in detail.
Prevention of cardiovascular risk in women who had hypertension during pregnancy after 36 weeks gestation.; OBJECTIVE: To analyse preventive interventions of women with cardiovascular risk factors postpartum. METHODS: 3.5 years postpartum, women with history of hypertension in pregnancy were invited for a questionnaire, 1 year after a cardiovascular risk assessment. RESULTS: Two hundred and fifty-seven women completed the questionnaire. At risk factor analyses, 35% had hypertension, 37% abnormal lipid- or glucose levels, 63% BMI ≥ 25 and 19% smoked. One year later, 36% of women with hypertension used anti-hypertensives, 0% of women with abnormal laboratory findings used anti-cholesterol and 1% anti-diabetes medication, 31% of the obese women achieved BMI reduction (≥ 5%), 42% of the women who smoked, quit. CONCLUSION: A minority improved their risk profile.
Brain heparan sulphate proteoglycans are altered in developing foetus when exposed to in-utero hyperglycaemia.; In-utero exposure of foetus to hyperglycaemic condition affects the growth and development of the organism. The brain is one of the first organs that start to develop during embryonic period and glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) and proteoglycans (PGs) are one of the key molecules involved in its development. But studies on the effect of hyperglycaemic conditions on brain GAGs/PGs are few and far between. We, therefore, looked into the changes in brain GAGs and PGs at various developmental stages of pre- and post-natal rats from non-diabetic and diabetic mothers as well as in adult rats induced with diabetes using a diabetogenic agent, Streptozotocin. Increased expression of GAGs especially that of heparan sulphate class in various developmental stages were observed in the brain as a result of in-utero hyperglycaemic condition but not in that of adult rats. Changes in disaccharides of heparan sulphate (HS) were observed in various developmental stages. Furthermore, various HSPGs namely, syndecans-1 and -3 and glypican-1 were overexpressed in offspring from diabetic mother. However, in adult diabetic rats, only glypican-1 was overexpressed. The offsprings from diabetic mothers became hyperphagic at the end of 8 weeks after birth which can have implications in the long run. Our results highlight the likely impact of the in-utero exposure of foetus to hyperglycaemic condition on brain GAGs/PGs compared to diabetic adult rats.
Clinical and biochemical signs of polycystic ovary syndrome in young women born preterm.; OBJECTIVE: It has been suggested that adverse early life exposures increase the risk of developing polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in later life. We hypothesized that women born preterm would have more biochemical and clinical signs of PCOS than women born at term. DESIGN: The ESTER Preterm Birth Study participants were born in Northern Finland and identified from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort and the Finnish Medical Birth Register. Altogether, 74 women born very or moderately preterm (<34 gestational weeks, VMPT), 127 born late preterm (at 34-36 weeks, LPT), and 184 born full term (≥37 weeks, controls) were included in the analysis (mean age: 23.2 years). METHODS: We measured serum total testosterone and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and calculated the free androgen index (FAI). PCOS according to the clinical and biochemical signs was defined either as hirsutism and oligoamenorrhea (via questionnaire) or as oligoamenorrhea and elevated testosterone levels (>2.4 nmol/L). RESULTS: Women born VMPT/LPT exhibited 33.0% (8.7, 62.8)/16.4% (-2.0, 38.1) higher testosterone, 28.5% (5.3, 45.9)/24.1% (5.6, 38.9) lower SHBG levels, and 64.6% (19.4, 127.1)/42.5% (11.1, 82.9) higher FAI than controls after adjusting for age and recruitment cohort, maternal BMI, smoking, and pregnancy disorders, parental education, history of hypertension, diabetes, myocardial infarction or stroke, and subject's birth weight s.d. Odds ratios for having PCOS were 1.67 (0.44, 6.23)/3.11 (1.26, 7.70). CONCLUSIONS: Women born preterm have a more hyperandrogenic hormonal profile, and those born LPT are approximately three times more likely at risk to have PCOS compared to women born at term.
Neuro Developmental Consequences of Neonatal Hypoglycemia.; Neonatal hypoglycemia (HG) can cause neurologic damage, epilepsy, mental retardation, behavioral and personality disorders and death. The longest the HG lasts and the greatest the glucose nadir the consequences are more pronounced. Comorbidities are rather important in development of neurological damage. Hypoxemia and ischemia can cause permanent brain damage. Small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA), intrauterine growth restriction, gestational age bellow the 37th week, low Apgar score, sepsis, children whose mothers have toxemia, diabetes or chorioamnionitis are all newborns with increased HG risk. Comparing 34 patients with NH and 34 children without NH with similar GA, BW, BL, the Apgar score, we found statistically significant differences in motor and mental development using the Griffith scale. Children with neonatal HG fared significantly worse than those without neonatal HG. Therefore, CBG measurements and early recognition of neonatal HG is of significant importance in preventing motor and mental damage in children. A larger and well-balanced cohort of patients followed for a longer period is also necessary to clarify and discern in detail the importance of neonatal HG and other perinatal factors in neurodevelopmental damage.
Association between periodontal diseases and systemic diseases.; Current evidence suggests that periodontal disease may be associated with systemic diseases. This paper reviewed the published data about the relationship between periodontal disease and cardiovascular diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, diabetes and respiratory diseases, focusing on studies conducted in the Brazilian population. Only a few studies were found in the literature focusing on Brazilians (3 concerning cardiovascular disease, 7 about pregnancy outcomes, 9 about diabetes and one regarding pneumonia). Although the majority of them observed an association between periodontitis and systemic conditions, a causal relationship still needs to be demonstrated. Further studies, particularly interventional well-designed investigations, with larger sample sizes, need to be conducted in Brazilian populations.
Long term all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality among women who undergo fertility treatment.; OBJECTIVES: To compare age-adjusted all-cause and CVD mortality, relative to the general female population, for women registered for fertility treatment who received it and those who did not. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study; analysis of Monash IVF clinical registries data, 1975-2018, linked with National Death Index mortality data. PARTICIPANTS: All women who registered for fertility treatment at Monash IVF (Melbourne, Victoria), 1 January 1975 - 1 January 2014, followed until 31 December 2018. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Standardised mortality ratios (SMRs) for all-cause and CVD mortality, for women who did or did not undergo fertility treatment; SMRs stratified by area-level socio-economic disadvantage (SEIFA Index of Relative Socioeconomic Disadvantage [IRSD]) and (for women who underwent treatment), by stimulated cycle number and mean oocytes/cycle categories. RESULTS: Of 44 149 women registered for fertility treatment, 33 520 underwent treatment (66.4%), 10 629 did not. After adjustment for age, both all-cause (SMR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.54-0.62) and CVD mortality (SMR, 0.41; 95% CI, 0.32-0.53) were lower than for the general female population. All-cause mortality was similar for women registered with Monash IVF who did (SMR, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.50-0.60) or did not undergo fertility treatment (SMR, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.56-0.70). The SMR was lowest for both treated and untreated women in the fifth IRSD quintile (least disadvantage), but the difference was statistically significant only for untreated women. CVD mortality was lower for registered women who underwent fertility treatment (SMR, 0.29; 95% CI, 0.19-0.43) than for those who did not (SMR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.42-0.81). CONCLUSION: Fertility treatment does not increase long term all-cause or CVD mortality risk. Lower mortality among women registered for fertility treatment probably reflected their lower socio-economic disadvantage.
A Review of the Potential Benefits of Increasing Vitamin D Status in Mongolian Adults through Food Fortification and Vitamin D Supplementation.; Serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations are low in Mongolia, averaging 22 ng/mL in summer and only 8 ng/mL in winter. Mongolians have high incidence and/or prevalence of several diseases linked to low 25(OH)D concentrations, including ischemic heart disease, malignant neoplasms, cirrhosis of the liver, ischemic stroke, lower respiratory tract infections, preterm birth complications, and diabetes mellitus. Fortifying regularly consumed foods such as flour, milk, and edible oils with vitamin D(3) could raise 25(OH)D concentrations by about 10 ng/mL. However, to achieve 25(OH)D concentrations of 30-40 ng/mL in adults, vitamin D intakes of 1000 to 4000 IU/day would be required, making personal supplement use necessary. On the basis of prospective observational studies and clinical trials of disease incidence or known mortality rates and adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes, raising mean serum 25(OH)D concentrations to 40 ng/mL would likely reduce incidence and mortality rates for those and other diseases, reduce the rate of adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes, and increase mean life expectancy by one year or more.
Corticosteroid-mediated programming and the pathogenesis of obesity and diabetes.; Epidemiological studies have shown that low birthweight is associated with increased risk of development of diabetes and obesity in later life. Over-exposure of the developing fetus to glucocorticoids is one of the major hypotheses that has been proposed to explain this association. In animal models, a range of manipulations that increase fetal glucocorticoid load, 'programme' permanent changes in glucose and insulin metabolism and adiposity. This may be mediated by alterations in regulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. In humans, low birthweight is associated with increased circulating glucocorticoid levels, and an increased cortisol response to physiological and psychosocial stressors, in child- and adulthood. This activation of the HPA axis is also associated with increased risk of development of diabetes and obesity in later life.
Utilization of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation in congenital hypertrophic cardiomyopathy caused by maternal diabetes.; Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) is an advanced strategy utilized in many neonatal intensive care units for a specific list of indications. This case illustrates a rare but effective use of this therapy for a newborn infant with severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy induced by maternal diabetes. Such infants who are unresponsive to conventional therapies may benefit from ECMO support, if it is used in conjunction with management strategies that optimize cardiac output.
Basement membrane and growth factor gene expression in normal and diabetic human retinas.; PURPOSE: Recently, we found abnormal accumulation of several extracellular matrix components in retinal basement membranes in human diabetic retinopathy (DR). Others have described increased levels of various growth factors within the vitreous of DR patients. This study examined mRNA levels of these extracellular matrix components and growth factors within human retinal tissues. METHODS: Total retinal RNA was analyzed by semiquantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). RT-PCR products were identified by Southern blotting. Samples were normalized with respect to beta2-microglobulin cDNA. Twenty-one retinas were analyzed: 6 normal, 7 diabetic without DR and 8 diabetic with DR. RESULTS: In diabetic retinas without DR, the expression levels of most genes were similar to normal. In DR retinas, tenascin-C mRNA expression increased compared to both normal and diabetics without DR. By RT-PCR and Northern blotting, mainly small tenascin-C mRNA isoforms were expressed, and some of them were elevated in DR retinas. Fibronectin mRNA was elevated in DR compared to normal retinas, possibly due to the overexpression of extradomain A-containing isoform (ED-A+, or cellular fibronectin). In DR retinas, gene expression of vascular endothelial growth factor and placenta growth factor was elevated compared to normal, although mRNA for these growth factors receptors (VEGFR-1/Flt-1 and VEGFR-2/KDR) did not change significantly. Transforming growth factor-beta1 mRNA also increased in DR retinas. CONCLUSIONS: The data suggest that proliferative DR development may be associated with increased retinal expression of vascular endothelial growth factor, placenta growth factor and transforming growth factor-beta1 that possibly triggers the deposition of small tenascin-C isoforms in the blood vessel walls. Angiogenesis-stimulating tenascin-C may further promote diabetic retinal neovascularization.
Lipolysis and insulin sensitivity at birth in infants who are large for gestational age.; OBJECTIVE: In addition to neonatal hypoglycemia, infants who are born large for gestational age are at risk for developing obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes later in life. The aim of this study was to investigate glucose production, lipolysis, and insulin sensitivity in infants who were born large for gestational age to mothers without diabetes. The effect of glucagon administration on production of energy substrates was also investigated. METHODS: Ten healthy term infants who were born large for gestational age to mothers without diabetes were studied 16 +/- 8 hours postnatally after a 3-hour fast. Rates of glucose production and lipolysis were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry following constant rate infusion of [6,6-(2)H2]glucose and [2-(13)C]glycerol. Insulin sensitivity was assessed by the Homeostasis Assessment Model. In 8 of the infants, the effect of an intravenous injection of 0.2 mg/kg glucagon was also analyzed. RESULTS: Plasma glucose and glycerol averaged 3.8 +/- 0.5 mmol/L and 384 +/- 183 micromol/L, respectively. The glycerol production rate, reflecting lipolysis, was 12.7 +/- 2.9 micromol/kg per min. Mean rate of glucose production was 30.2 +/- 4.6 micromol/kg per min. Homeostasis Assessment Model insulin sensitivity corresponded to 82% +/- 19%, beta-cell function to 221% +/- 73%, and insulin resistance to 1.3 +/- 0.3. After glucagon administration, rate of glucose production increased by 13.3 +/- 8.3 micromol/kg per min and blood glucose by 1.4 +/- 0.5 mmol/L. Glycerol production decreased from 12.8 +/- 3.0 to 10.7 +/- 2.9 micromol/kg per min. Mean insulin concentration increased from 10.9 +/- 3.0 to 30.9 +/- 10.3 mU/L. There was a strong inverse correlation between the decrease in lipolysis and increase in insulin after glucagon administration. CONCLUSIONS: Infants who are born large for gestational age show increased lipolysis and a propensity for decreased insulin sensitivity already at birth. The simultaneous increase in plasma insulin correlated strongly with the noted decrease in lipolysis, indicating an antilipolytic effect of insulin in these infants.
Long-term effects of preeclampsia on maternal cardiovascular health and postpartum utilization of primary care: an observational claims data study.; PURPOSE: Preeclampsia occurs in up to 15% of pregnancies and constitutes a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. This observational cohort study aimed to examine the association between preeclamptic pregnancies and cardiovascular outcomes as well as primary and specialized care utilization after delivery. METHODS: Using statutory claims data we identified women with singleton live births between 2010 and 2017. Main outcomes included the occurrence of either hypertension or cardiovascular disease after one or more preeclamptic pregnancies, number of contacts to a general practitioner or cardiologist after delivery and prescribed antihypertensive medication. Data were analyzed using Cox proportional hazard regression models adjusted for maternal age, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and obesity. RESULTS: The study cohort consisted of 181,574 women with 240,698 births. Women who experienced preeclampsia once had an increased risk for cardiovascular (hazard ratio, HR = 1.29) or hypertensive (HR = 4.13) events. In women affected by recurrent preeclampsia, risks were even higher to develop cardiovascular disease (HR = 1.53) or hypertension (HR = 6.01). In the following years after delivery, general practitioners were seen frequently, whereas cardiologists were consulted rarely (0.3 and 2.4%). CONCLUSION: Women affected by preeclampsia experience an increased risk of developing chronic hypertension and cardiovascular disease, especially those with recurrent preeclampsia. Future medical guidelines should take this potential risk into account.
Doppler Indices of the Uterine, Umbilical and Fetal Middle Cerebral Artery in Diabetic versus Non-Diabetic Pregnancy: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the differences in Doppler indices of the uterine (Ut), umbilical (UA), and middle cerebral artery (MCA) in diabetic versus non-diabetic pregnancies by conducting a comprehensive systematic review of the literature with a meta-analysis. Materials and Methods: PubMed, Web of Science, and SCOPUS were searched for studies that measured the pulsatility index (PI), resistance index (RI), and systolic/diastolic ratio index (S/D ratio) of the umbilical artery, middle cerebral artery, and uterine artery in diabetic versus non-diabetic pregnancies. Two reviewers independently evaluated the eligibility of studies, abstracted data, and performed quality assessments according to standardized protocols. The standardized mean difference (SMD) was used as a measure of effect size. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I2 statistic. Publication bias was evaluated by means of funnel plots. Results: A total of 62 publications were included in the qualitative and 43 in quantitative analysis. The UA-RI, UtA-PI, and UtA-S/D ratios were increased in diabetic compared with non-diabetic pregnancies. Subgroup analysis showed that levels of UtA-PI were significantly higher during the third, but not during the first trimester of pregnancy in diabetic versus non-diabetic pregnancies. No differences were found for the UA-PI, UA-S/D ratio, MCA-PI, MCA-RI, MCA-S/D ratio, or UtA-RI between diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies. Conclusions: This meta-analysis revealed the presence of hemodynamic changes in uterine and umbilical arteries, but not in the middle cerebral artery in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
No effect of season of birth on risk of type 1 diabetes, cancer, schizophrenia and ischemic heart disease, while some variations may be seen for pneumonia and multiple sclerosis.; BACKGROUND: The risk of type 1 diabetes (T1DM), infections, cancer, schizophrenia and multiple sclerosis (MS) has been associated with environmental factors including vitamin D status. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Data were obtained from all children born in Denmark in 1940 (n = 72,839), 1977 (n = 89,570), and 1996 (n = 74,015). Information on contacts to hospitals (1977-2009) was obtained from the National Hospital Discharge Register. The main exposure variable was season of birth as a proxy variable for vitamin D status (summer: April-September and winter: October-March). RESULTS: No associations between season of birth and risk of MS were seen in the 1940 cohort or the 1996 cohort. In the 1977 cohort, there was a borderline statistically significant decreased risk of MS in those born during wintertime compared with those born during summertime (HR = 0.70, 95% CI: 0.47-1.04, p = 0.07). There were no significant differences within the groups regarding season and risk of T1DM at any age, T1DM before 10 y, infection, any type of cancer, schizophrenia and myocardial infarction. In the 1977 cohort the risk of pneumonia was significantly lower among those born in the summer compared with the winter at any age (HR 0.91, 95% CI 0.85-0.97, p < 0.01) and at age < 10 y (HR 0.90, 95% CI 0.84-0.97, p < 0.01). CONCLUSION: MS and pneumonia in young subjects may be related to season of birth and thus maternal vitamin D exposure. Low sunlight exposure in the winter time leading to low vitamin D levels during pregnancy may be a potential explanation.
Familial hypercholesterolaemia in children and adolescents: gaining decades of life by optimizing detection and treatment.; Familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) is a common genetic cause of premature coronary heart disease (CHD). Globally, one baby is born with FH every minute. If diagnosed and treated early in childhood, individuals with FH can have normal life expectancy. This consensus paper aims to improve awareness of the need for early detection and management of FH children. Familial hypercholesterolaemia is diagnosed either on phenotypic criteria, i.e. an elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) level plus a family history of elevated LDL-C, premature coronary artery disease and/or genetic diagnosis, or positive genetic testing. Childhood is the optimal period for discrimination between FH and non-FH using LDL-C screening. An LDL-C ≥5 mmol/L (190 mg/dL), or an LDL-C ≥4 mmol/L (160 mg/dL) with family history of premature CHD and/or high baseline cholesterol in one parent, make the phenotypic diagnosis. If a parent has a genetic defect, the LDL-C cut-off for the child is ≥3.5 mmol/L (130 mg/dL). We recommend cascade screening of families using a combined phenotypic and genotypic strategy. In children, testing is recommended from age 5 years, or earlier if homozygous FH is suspected. A healthy lifestyle and statin treatment (from age 8 to 10 years) are the cornerstones of management of heterozygous FH. Target LDL-C is <3.5 mmol/L (130 mg/dL) if >10 years, or ideally 50% reduction from baseline if 8-10 years, especially with very high LDL-C, elevated lipoprotein(a), a family history of premature CHD or other cardiovascular risk factors, balanced against the long-term risk of treatment side effects. Identifying FH early and optimally lowering LDL-C over the lifespan reduces cumulative LDL-C burden and offers health and socioeconomic benefits. To drive policy change for timely detection and management, we call for further studies in the young. Increased awareness, early identification, and optimal treatment from childhood are critical to adding decades of healthy life for children and adolescents with FH.
[Establishment of pancreatic insular function in embryonic development].; The reactivity of the pancreas in normal and in decapitated in utero fetuses from mothers with experimental diabetes was evaluated from the increased insulin secretion in vitro in response to glucose and theophylline. It was shown that B cells of the islet system in the pancreas of normal fetuses from animals with alloxan diabetes are capable to react to glucose from the 18th day of the prenatal life while those from normal mothers from the 21st day. Removal of the nervous and endocrine regulation centres in fetuses decapitated in utero leads to the loss of the sensitivity to glucose in fetuses both from normal and diabetic mothers.
The role of catecholamines in the etiology of infertility in diabetes mellitus.; Patients suffering from diabetes mellitus often develop reproductive dysfunction including anovulation, infertility and disrupted pregnancy. The biochemical basis of these phenomena is yet to be provided. The current study utilizes a neuroendocrine paradigm involving an in vitro microdissection technique in conjunction with jugular catheterization to examined the proestrus dynamics of norepinephrine (NE) and the preovulatory luteinizing hormone (LH) surge in streptozotocin (STZ) treated female rats, an animal model for insulin dependent diabetes mellitus. Radioimmunoassays revealed that in control subjects LH was at basal level during the morning of proestrus (900-1200 h); the first significant increase in the level of this pituitary hormone occurred at 1400-1500 h. A maximum peak concentration of LH was attained at 1700 h. In contrast, plasma levels of LH in diabetic subjects showed the first significant increase at 1500 h and peaked at 2000 h. The peak of the LH curve in diabetic rats was reduced by about 65% with a 3 h shift to the right. Alpha-methyl-p-tyrosine-induced blockade of newly synthesized NE-based assay showed that NE turnover rates in several hypothalamic nuclei (e.g. medial preoptic nucleus, MPN; median eminence, ME; suprachiasmatic nucleus, SCN; arcuate nucleus, AN) of control subjects were at basal level during the morning of proestrus (0900-1100 h). However, they increased by the 1200-1400 h interval and remained elevated during the 1500-1700 h. This time dependent increase in hypothalamic NE turnover rates during proestrus was not observed in the STZ diabetic rats. Most of the above metabolic derangements were partially reversed following the institution of insulin replacement therapy. Overall, our data support the concept that the endocrine abnormalities (e.g. infertility, delayed preovulatory LH surge) in diabetes are due, at least in part, to a functional deficit in noradrenergic neurons within the hypothalamus.
Dietary Inflammatory Index Score and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Markers in Women with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus.; BACKGROUND: Patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), a chronic inflammatory autoimmune disease, have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases. Environmental factors like diet and nutrition are known to play a key role in modulating inflammation and the prognosis of cardiovascular diseases. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between Dietary Inflammatory Index score and cardiovascular disease risk markers in a population of women with SLE. DESIGN: A cross-sectional study was conducted in women with SLE recruited from 2016 through 2017. PARTICIPANTS/SETTINGS: Clinically stable women with SLE were enrolled from three public hospitals in the Andalusian region of Spain. Participants with chronic renal failure, active infections, recent trauma, pregnancy, and/or other autoimmune diseases were excluded. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: A 24-hour diet recall was used to estimate Dietary Inflammatory Index score and physical activity was assessed through the International Physical Activity Questionnaires. Cardiovascular disease risk markers included blood lipid profile (total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglyceride levels), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels, and homocysteine levels, along with diagnosis of obesity, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and ankle-brachial index measurement. STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Comparisons of cardiovascular disease risk markers across Dietary Inflammatory Index score tertiles were analyzed through a one-way analysis of variance and linear regressions adjusting for age, physical activity level, and medical treatment. RESULTS: A total of 105 women (aged 45.4±12.8 years) were included. Linear regression analysis revealed that Dietary Inflammatory Index score was significantly associated with total cholesterol levels (β=.26, 95% CI 1.66 to 14.28; P=0.014) after adjusting for age, physical activity, and the use of medical treatment. No significant associations were observed between Dietary Inflammatory Index score and the other cardiovascular markers considered. CONCLUSIONS: Higher inflammatory potential of the diet was positively associated with higher total cholesterol levels in women with SLE. These findings suggest that the inflammatory potential of a person's diet may play a role in lipid profiles in this population. Future intervention studies are needed to build on these results and explore the effect of anti-inflammatory diets on health outcomes in individuals with SLE.
In vitro fertilization and risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: associations with treatment parameters.; BACKGROUND: Although in vitro fertilization has been associated with an increased risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, the association of risk with in vitro fertilization treatment parameters is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy by maternal fertility status and in vitro fertilization treatment parameters. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Women in 8 states who underwent in vitro fertilization resulting in a live birth during 2004-2013 were linked to their infant's birth certificates. A 10:1 sample of births from non-in vitro fertilization deliveries were selected for comparison. Those with an indication of infertility treatment on the birth certificate were categorized as subfertile and omitted from the study population; all others were categorized as fertile. The in vitro fertilization pregnancies were additionally categorized by oocyte source (autologous versus donor) and embryo state (fresh versus thawed). Both the fertile and in vitro fertilization births were limited to singletons only, and the in vitro fertilization pregnancies were limited to those using partner sperm. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (including gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) were identified from the birth certificate, modeled using logistic regression, and reported as adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. For analyses of in vitro fertilization pregnancies from autologous oocytes-fresh embryos, the reference group was fertile women (subgroup analysis 1). For analyses within the in vitro fertilization group, the reference group was autologous oocytes-fresh embryos (subgroup analysis 2). RESULTS: The study population included 1,465,893 pregnancies (1,382,311 births to fertile women and 83,582 births to in vitro fertilization-treated women). Compared to fertile women, in vitro fertilization-treated women with autologous-fresh cycles were not at increased risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.04; 95% confidence interval, 0.99, 1.08). Among in vitro fertilization births (subgroup analysis 2), the risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was increased for the autologous-thawed (adjusted odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.20, 1.40); donor-fresh (adjusted oddds ratio, 1.92; 95% confidence interval, 1.71, 2.15); and donor-thawed (adjusted odds ratio, 1.70; 95% confidence interval, 1.47, 1.96) groups. Excluding women with pregestational diabetes or chronic hypertension as well as adjusting for body mass index and infertility diagnoses did not substantially change the results. When stratified by <34 weeks (early-onset hypertensive disorders of pregnancy) versus ≥34 weeks (late-onset hypertensive disorders of pregnancy), only the donor-fresh group had an increased risk of early-onset hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, but the risks for all other oocyte source-embryo state groups compared to autologous-fresh were increased for late-onset hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. CONCLUSION: The risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is increased for in vitro fertilization-treated women in pregnancies conceived via frozen embryo transfer (with both autologous or donor oocyte) and fresh donor oocyte embryo transfer. No increase in risk was seen with autologous oocyte-fresh embryo transfers in vitro fertilization cycles. Excluding women with pregestational diabetes or chronic hypertension as well as adjusting for body mass index and infertility diagnoses did not substantially change the results.
Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with pulmonary hypertension: The impact of left heart disease.; BACKGROUND: Pulmonary hypertension (PH) due to left heart disease (World Health Organization (WHO) Group 2 PH) is the largest PH subgroup, however most reports of PH in pregnancy focus on patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (WHO Group 1 PH). We evaluated pregnancy outcomes across WHO PH subgroups. METHODS: We performed a retrospective single center cohort study of maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with PH (2004-2018). RESULTS: We analyzed outcomes of 70 pregnancies in 70 women with PH (30 ± 6 years-old), classified as WHO Group 1 PH (12 (17%)), Group 2 PH (45 (64%)), Group 3 PH (4 (6%)) and Group 5 PH (9 (13%)). Although no peripartum death occurred, 3 (4.3%) women with WHO Group 2 PH had late mortality (7 ± 4 months post- partum). Additionally, 33 major adverse cardiac events occurred in 26 (37%) women, preterm birth occurred in 32 (49%), and post-partum hemorrhage in 10 (14%), such that only 24 (37%) women completed a viable pregnancy free of an adverse cardiac, obstetric or fetal/neonatal event. Major adverse cardiac events were predominantly due to heart failure (24 (73%)), occurring only in WHO Groups 1 and 2 PH (3 (25%) women vs. 17 (38%), p = 0.07), and significantly associated with pre-eclampsia, left ventricular ejection fraction ≤45%, maternal diabetes, and systemic hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: WHO Group 2 PH carries similar risk for maternal cardiovascular events when compared to women with WHO Group 1 PH. Further studies evaluating maternal risk in this cohort are needed.
Influence of sex steroid hormones on cerebrovascular function.; The cerebral vasculature is a target tissue for sex steroid hormones. Estrogens, androgens, and progestins all influence the function and pathophysiology of the cerebral circulation. Estrogen decreases cerebral vascular tone and increases cerebral blood flow by enhancing endothelial-derived nitric oxide and prostacyclin pathways. Testosterone has opposite effects, increasing cerebral artery tone. Cerebrovascular inflammation is suppressed by estrogen but increased by testosterone and progesterone. Evidence suggests that sex steroids also modulate blood-brain barrier permeability. Estrogen has important protective effects on cerebral endothelial cells by increasing mitochondrial efficiency, decreasing free radical production, promoting cell survival, and stimulating angiogenesis. Although much has been learned regarding hormonal effects on brain blood vessels, most studies involve young, healthy animals. It is becoming apparent that hormonal effects may be modified by aging or disease states such as diabetes. Furthermore, effects of testosterone are complicated because this steroid is also converted to estrogen, systemically and possibly within the vessels themselves. Elucidating the impact of sex steroids on the cerebral vasculature is important for understanding male-female differences in stroke and conditions such as menstrual migraine and preeclampsia-related cerebral edema in pregnancy. Cerebrovascular effects of sex steroids also need to be considered in untangling current controversies regarding consequences of hormone replacement therapies and steroid abuse.
Metabolic syndrome in childhood.; The so-called epidemic of childhood obesity has increased the interest in the metabolic syndrome (MS) due to the potential projection into adulthood. Prevalence of the MS in adolescents has been estimated to be 6.7% in young adults and 4.2% in adolescents. Figures rise up to 28.7% in overweight and obese adolescents. The most widely accepted hypothesis links the syndrome to obesity. In the Bogalusa study, the best predictors were obesity and being in the upper quartile of basal insulin levels. Ethnic and genetic factors play a role in order to explain the syndrome in the non-obese population and the differences of interobesity. The relationship between MS and type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is well established in adults. This association can be suggested in children as well, although the syndrome in childhood urgently needs to be clearly defined. In this age group, it is also of great interest to identify diagnosis criteria of the so-called pre-MS. Detection of the syndrome focuses mainly on obese and overweight young people. Other population groups such as newborns with low or high birth weight, infants with accelerated growth, or children of obese or with gestational diabetes mothers are at a higher risk of developing peripheral insulin resistance. The measurement of abdominal circumference can be a useful screening tool. Physical exercise and restriction of saturated and trans fatty acids are basic for treatment. If reducing weight is necessary, a reduction of carbohydrate intake, especially for refined sugars, must be emphasised. Dietary fibre improves insulin sensitivity.
Prenatal xenobiotic exposure and intrauterine hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal axis programming alteration.; The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis is one of the most important neuroendocrine axes and plays an important role in stress defense responses before and after birth. Prenatal exposure to xenobiotics, including environmental toxins (such as smoke, sulfur dioxide and carbon monoxide), drugs (such as synthetic glucocorticoids), and foods and beverage categories (such as ethanol and caffeine), affects fetal development indirectly by changing the maternal status or damaging the placenta. Certain xenobiotics (such as caffeine, ethanol and dexamethasone) may also affect the fetus directly by crossing the placenta into the fetus due to their lipophilic properties and lower molecular weights. All of these factors probably result in intrauterine programming alteration of the HPA axis, which showed a low basal activity but hypersensitivity to chronic stress. These alterations will, therefore, increase the susceptibility to adult neuropsychiatric (such as depression and schizophrenia) and metabolic diseases (such as hypertension, diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease). The "over-exposure of fetuses to maternal glucocorticoids" may be the main initiation factor by which the fetal HPA axis programming is altered. Meantime, xenobiotics can directly induce abnormal epigenetic modifications and expression on the important fetal genes (such as hippocampal glucocorticoid receptor, adrenal steroidogenic acute regulatory protein, et al) or damage by in situ oxidative metabolism of fetal adrenals, which may also be contributed to the programming alteration of fetal HPA axis.
Early Detection of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Definition of Psychosocial Profile in Women Through a Systematic Approach: The Monzino Women Heart Center's Experience.; INTRODUCTION: Cardiovascular (CV) disease is the leading mortality cause among women, yet an alarming misrepresentation of women in CV studies and a low awareness of the impact of CV among women still persist to date. The Monzino Women Heart Center has been established as a clinical and research program dedicated to primary prevention of CV disease in women. METHODS: Patients aged between 35 and 60 years and with no history of CV disease underwent a comprehensive evaluation including a cardiologic outpatient visit with electrocardiogram, individual CV risk calculation, first-level cardiovascular examinations and a psychological assessment. RESULTS: A total of 635 women, with a mean age of 52.2 ± 6.4 participated to the project on a voluntary basis during the period January 2017-August 2021. Included patients had a high level of education (40.4% with a graduate or postgraduate university degree), the majority of them, in a stable couple and with children, were actively working. More than half of the patients performed physical activity on a regular basis. Prevalence of traditional CV risk factors were family history (70.2%), hypertension (46%), hypercholesterolemia (22%) and diabetes (14%). Early or premature menopause was reported by 17.7% of the patients, gestational hypertension and diabetes by 4.96 and 1.7%, respectively. Symptoms of depression were reported by 27%; nearly 36% of the participants rated high score of state anxiety and 41% of trait anxiety. Nearly 69% of the participants showed moderate-to-high perceived stress. The mean value of perceived general self-efficacy was moderate (mean = 28.78, SD = 4.69). CONCLUSION: A CV prevention program dedicated to women can help identifying a considerable number of patients with risk factors for whom early interventions can help reducing the risk of developing CV disease. Psychological assessment might unmask depression or anxiety disorders, which might have a potential long-terme detrimental effect on CV health.
[Medical evaluation prior to fertility treatment--time for reconsideration?].; The aim of modern obstetrics is to bring a healthy child to a healthy mother. Preconception counseling is a form of preventive medicine that consists of three main components: risk assessment, health promotion and intervention, in order to improve pregnancy outcome. A large proportion of women, who need assisted reproductive technologies (ART) due to infertility, are older than the average pregnant women. The risk for chronic maternal disease such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, cardiovascular diseases and malignant disease greatly increases with maternal age. Chronic maternal illness might increase the risk of in vitro fertilization procedure and is also associated with increased obstetrics risk and even death. A previous study has shown that most maternal deaths in the USA, due to chronic maternal disease, are potentially preventable through better medical care from preconception, yet most studies that deal with preconception care in infertility patients only address the problems of infertility. Therefore, similar to the recommendations of the American Heart Association before non-competitive physical activity, and the American Society of Anesthesiologists before an elective surgery, we suggest a pre-ART medical assessment. Our objective is to outline the potential risks for older women who undergo ART procedure and potentially, pregnancy, and to characterize guidelines for evaluation prior to enrolling them in ART programs. Pre-ART assessment should include a thorough medical questionnaire and medical examination. Appropriate treatment for women with medical conditions prior to ART procedure and optimizing disease control in preparation for pregnancy including changing a potentially teratogenic treatment, can improve women's health status prior to pregnancy and reduce pregnancy related complications. At the end of the evaluation, and before ART treatment, the women should be consulted, based on the results of tests, on the possible risks that might accompany the ART procedure, pregnancy and delivery.
Prevalence of Pre-Pregnancy Diabetes, Obesity, and Hypertension in Canada.; OBJECTIVE: Pre-existing diabetes mellitus (D), obesity (O), and chronic hypertension (H) can each alter the natural course of pregnancy, especially when they cluster together. Because the prevalence of various combinations of D, O, and H is unknown, the current study was undertaken. METHODS: This population-based cross-sectional study included 506 483 singleton and twin live birth and stillbirth deliveries in Ontario, occurring at ≥20 weeks gestation. All hospital births from 2012 to 2016 were identified in the Better Outcomes Registry and Network information system. The prevalence per 1000 births (95% confidence interval [CI]) of D, O, and H and their combinations were calculated. Prevalence estimates were stratified by twin and singleton gestations, maternal age, parity, and ethnicity (Canadian Task Force Classification II-2). RESULTS: During the study period, 5493 women (10.8 per 1000 births; 95% CI 10.6-11.1) had D, 90,177 (178.2; 95% CI 177.0-179.3) had O, and 5667 (11.2; 95% CI 10.9-11.5) had H. The prevalence per 1000 of DO was 4.8, DH 1.0, and OH 5.5, whereas 359 women (0.71 per 1000) had all three. D and H each linearly increased with rising maternal age, along with their combinations, and to some degree with higher parity. The combination of O and H was highest among women of Black ancestry (14.5 per 1000) and lowest among those of Asian ancestry (3.0 per 1000). CONCLUSION: D, O, and H are common conditions in pregnancy, both alone and in various combinations. These data can be used to assess the impact of each state on perinatal health.
Preventing Premature Atherosclerotic Disease.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) can begin in youth. Prevention is essential to reducing the burden of CVD-related risk factors in childhood and disease development in adulthood. This review addresses the clinical scope of CVD prevention, including a review of conditions encountered, proposed diagnostic criteria, and management strategies. We also highlight the impact of the intrauterine environment on the development of CVD risk. Finally, we highlight the potential role of telehealth in the management of pediatric patients with risk factors for premature CVD. RECENT FINDINGS: Growing evidence suggests that maternal obesity, diabetes, and preeclampsia may play an important role in the development of CVD risk among offspring contributing to the development of known traditional CVD risk factors among offspring. As the prevalence of CVD continues to rise, knowledge as well as appropriate diagnosis and management of primordial and traditional risk factors for CVD is needed. The diagnosis and management of CVD risk factors is a central role of the preventive pediatric cardiologist, but it is imperative that the general physician and other pediatric subspecialists be aware of these risk factors, diagnoses, and management strategies. Finally, telehealth may offer an additional method for providing preventive care, including screening and counseling of at risk children and adolescents for traditional risk factors and for providing education regarding risk factors in cases of long distance care and/or during periods of social distancing.
Exposure to polybrominated diphenyl ether-47 increases the risk of post-partum depression.; INTRODUCTION: Post-partum depression (PPD) affects up to 19.1% of pregnancies and is associated with increased levels of proinflammatory cytokines, inflammation, and reductions in brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). Previous work by our team suggests that environmental toxins such as polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDEs) enhance placental inflammation and reduce BDNF production. Nearly, 100% of studied women in California have some level of exposure to these compounds due to extensive use of the flame retardants. High levels of exposure to PBDEs has been linked to increased risk of adverse pregnancy complications associated with placental inflammation such as preterm birth and gestational diabetes but their effects on risk of PPD is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To determine if PPD is associated with higher levels of PBDE-47, the most common PBDE congener in maternal plasma. METHODS: PBDE-47 was quantified in first trimester plasma samples collected from a cohort of 367 asymptomatic pregnant women that were routinely screened for depressive symptoms for 1 year post-partum. Data were analyzed using general linear models and multivariable logistic regression to determine if higher levels of PBDE-47 in the first trimester are associated with development of PPD. RESULTS: Women who developed PPD (n = 22) had significantly higher PBDE-47 levels in their plasma (p=.031) relative to those in which PPD was not diagnosed. Logistic regression analysis suggested that each two-fold increase in PBDE-47 concentrations increased the risk of PPD by 22% (OR = 1.22, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.47). Groups were similar regarding PTB rate, race-ethnicity, parity, child's sex, maternal pre-pregnancy obesity status, maternal age, family income, and study center. Results remained significant after adjustment for these possible confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that PBDE-47 exposure in the first trimester is associated with increased risk of PPD.
Maternal hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and mortality in offspring from birth to young adulthood: national population based cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of maternal hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) with overall and cause specific mortality in offspring from birth to young adulthood. DESIGN: Nationwide population based cohort study. SETTING: Danish national health registers. PARTICIPANTS: All 2 437 718 individuals live born in Denmark, 1978-2018, with follow-up from date of birth until date of death, emigration, or 31 December 2018, whichever came first. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The primary outcome was all cause mortality. Secondary outcomes were 13 specific causes of death in offspring from birth to young adulthood (age 41 years). Cox regression was used to assess the association, taking into consideration several potential confounders. The role of timing of onset and severity of pre-eclampsia, maternal history of diabetes, and maternal education were also studied. RESULTS: 102 095 mothers had HDP: 67 683 with pre-eclampsia, 679 with eclampsia, and 33 733 with hypertension. During follow-up to 41 years (median 19.4 (interquartile range 9.7-28.7) years), deaths occurred in 781 (58.94 per 100 000 person years) offspring born to mothers with pre-eclampsia, 17 (133.73 per 100 000 person years) born to mothers with eclampsia, 223 (44.38 per 100 000 person years) born to mothers with hypertension, and 19 119 (41.99 per 100 000 person years) born to mothers with no HDP. The difference in cumulative incidence in overall mortality between cohorts exposed and unexposed to maternal HDP was 0.37% (95% confidence interval 0.11% to 0.64%), and the population attributable fraction for maternal HDP was estimated as 1.09% (95% confidence interval 0.77% to 1.41%). Maternal HDP was associated with a 26% (hazard ratio 1.26, 95% confidence interval 1.18 to 1.34) higher risk of all cause mortality in offspring. The corresponding estimates for maternal pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and hypertension were 1.29 (1.20 to 1.38), 2.88 (1.79 to 4.63), and 1.12 (0.98 to 1.28). Increased risks were also observed for several cause specific mortalities, such as deaths from conditions originating in the perinatal period (2.04, 1.81 to 2.30), cardiovascular diseases (1.52, 1.08 to 2.13), digestive system diseases (2.09, 1.27 to 3.43), and endocrine, nutritional, and metabolic diseases (1.56, 1.08 to 2.27). The increased risks were more pronounced among offspring of mothers with early onset and severe pre-eclampsia (6.06, 5.35 to 6.86) or with both HDP and diabetes history (1.57, 1.16 to 2.14) or HDP and low education level (1.49, 1.34 to 1.66). CONCLUSION: Maternal HDP, particularly eclampsia and severe pre-eclampsia, is associated with increased risks of overall mortality and various cause specific mortalities in offspring from birth to young adulthood.
Mortality in patients with diabetes mellitus and Addison's disease: a nationwide, matched, observational cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Our hypothesis was that patients with diabetes mellitus obtain an additional risk of death if they develop Addison's disease (AD). DESIGN AND METHODS: Nationwide, matched, observational cohort study cross-referencing the Swedish National Diabetes Register with Inpatient, Cancer and Cause of Death Registers in patients with diabetes (type 1 and 2) and AD and matched controls with diabetes. Clinical characteristics at baseline, overall, and cause-specific mortality were assessed. The relative risk of death was assessed using a Cox proportional hazards regression model. RESULTS: Between January 1996 and December 2012, 226 patients with diabetes and AD were identified and matched with 1129 controls with diabetes. Median (interquartile range) follow-up was 5.9 (2.7-8.6) years. When patients with diabetes were diagnosed with AD, they had an increased frequency of diabetes complications, but both medical history of cancer and coronary heart disease did not differ compared with controls. Sixty-four of the 226 patients with diabetes and AD (28%) died, while 112 of the 1129 controls (10%) died. The estimated relative risk increase (hazard ratio) in overall mortality in the diabetes and AD group was 3.89 (95% confidence interval 2.84-5.32) compared with controls with diabetes. The most common cause of death was cardiovascular in both groups, but patients with diabetes and AD showed an increased death rate from diabetes complications, infectious diseases and unknown causes. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with the rare combination of diabetes and AD showed a markedly increased mortality and died more frequently from infections and unknown causes than patients with diabetes alone. Improved strategy for the management of this combination of metabolic disorders is needed.
Management of superficial venous thrombosis based on individual risk profiles: protocol for the development and validation of three prognostic prediction models in large primary care cohorts.; BACKGROUND: Superficial venous thrombosis (SVT) is considered a benign thrombotic condition in most patients. However, it also can cause serious complications, such as clot progression to deep venous thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE). Although most SVT patients are encountered in primary healthcare, studies on SVT nearly all were focused on patients seen in the hospital setting. This paper describes the protocol of the development and external validation of three prognostic prediction models for relevant clinical outcomes in SVT patients seen in primary care: (i) prolonged (painful) symptoms within 14 days since SVT diagnosis, (ii) for clot progression to DVT or PE within 45 days and (iii) for clot recurrence within 12 months. METHODS: Data will be used from four primary care routine healthcare registries from both the Netherlands and the UK; one UK registry will be used for the development of the prediction models and the remaining three will be used as external validation cohorts. The study population will consist of patients ≥18 years with a diagnosis of SVT. Selection of SVT cases will be based on a combination of ICPC/READ/Snowmed coding and free text clinical symptoms. Predictors considered are sex, age, body mass index, clinical SVT characteristics, and co-morbidities including (history of any) cardiovascular disease, diabetes, autoimmune disease, malignancy, thrombophilia, pregnancy or puerperium and presence of varicose veins. The prediction models will be developed using multivariable logistic regression analysis techniques for models i and ii, and for model iii, a Cox proportional hazards model will be used. They will be validated by internal-external cross-validation as well as external validation. DISCUSSION: There are currently no prediction models available for predicting the risk of serious complications for SVT patients presenting in primary care settings. We aim to develop and validate new prediction models that should help identify patients at highest risk for complications and to support clinical decision making for this understudied thrombo-embolic disorder. Challenges that we anticipate to encounter are mostly related to performing research in large, routine healthcare databases, such as patient selection, endpoint classification, data harmonisation, missing data and avoiding (predictor) measurement heterogeneity.
The relation of angiotensin-converting enzyme to the pregnancy-induced hypertension-preeclampsia syndrome.; Angiotensin-converting enzyme, the polypeptide that converts angiotensin I to angiotensin II, was measured in the serum of 114 pregnant women who had normal blood pressure, pregnancy-induced hypertension-preeclampsia, and chronic hypertension with or without pregnancy-induced hypertension. Angiotensin-converting enzyme levels were unrelated to weeks of gestation. The angiotensin-converting enzyme levels were similar in normotensive women (21.1 +/- 6.9 units/ml), women with chronic hypertension without pregnancy-induced hypertension (23.1 +/- 2.7 units/ml), and patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension where magnesium sulfate (22.6 +/- 8.7 units/ml) had been administered prior to angiotensin-converting enzyme assay, but these values were significantly less than those in patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension with no magnesium sulfate (29.1 +/- 6.5 units/ml) therapy and in women with chronic hypertension with superimposed pregnancy-induced hypertension (30.7 +/- 4.4 units/ml) (p less than 0.005). Maternal venous and umbilical venous and arterial angiotensin-converting enzyme levels were as follows: The maternal venous level was less than the cord venous level and greater than the cord arterial value. Neither neonatal size nor twin gestation influenced the angiotensin-converting enzyme levels. Patients with diabetes mellitus had variable angiotensin-converting enzyme values regardless of the status of the blood pressure. The physiologic theories of blood pressure control in pregnant women are discussed in relation to the renin-angiotensin, bradykinin, and prostaglandin systems.
[Night work and health of nurses and midviwes--a review].; Night shift work has been thought to play a role in the etiology of chronic diseases through a disruption of the circadian rhythm, decreased synthesis of melatonin and sleep deprivation. Our aim was to review the epidemiological studies on the association between night shift work and some pathologies in nurses and midwives. We reviewed publications available in the MEDLINE database and published before June 2012, describing the cross-sectional (almost two thirds of all papers) and cohort studies. In total, we identified 26 original papers, including 5 epidemiological studies addressing diseases or disorders of the digestive system, 3--metabolic syndrome, 2--type 2 diabetes, 9--cardiovascular diseases and (CVD risk factors, 5--obesity/overweight, 2--menstrual disorders and 3--poor pregnancy outcomes. The analysis of the literature indicates that night shift work of nurses and midwives is most strongly associated with a higher risk ofobesity/overweight. In each of the five studies, which we identified this association was observed (confirmed by the statistical significance of the results), also after adjustment for confounders. The results for type 2 diabetes and disorders of the menstrual cycle are also suggestive. Epidemiological data on the other disorders or pathologies discussed in this article seem to be less certain - their results are inconsistent or their number is too small to draw definite conclusions. Further epidemiological studies of nurses and midwives working on night shifts and prospective observations in particular are recommended to find out whether potential association between the night work and discussed health issues is causal.
Child fitness and father's BMI are important factors in childhood obesity: a school based cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: This study examines obesity and factors associated with obesity in children aged 11-13 years in the UK. METHODS: 1147 children from ten secondary schools participated in a health survey that included blood samples, fitness test and anthropometric measures. Factors associated with obesity were examined using multilevel logistic regression. FINDINGS: Of the children examined (490 male; 657 female) a third were overweight, 1 in 6 had elevated blood pressure, more than 1 in 10 had high cholesterol, 58% consumed more fat than recommended, whilst 37% were classified as unfit. Children in deprived areas had a higher proportion of risk factors; for example, they had higher blood pressure (20% (deprived) compared to 11% (non-deprived), difference: 9.0% (95%CI: 4.7%-13.4%)). Obesity is associated with risk factors for heart disease and diabetes. Maintaining fitness is associated with a reduction in the risk factors for heart disease (high blood pressure and cholesterol) but not on risk factors for diabetes (insulin levels). In order of importance, the main risk factors for childhood obesity are being unfit, having an obese father, and being large at birth. CONCLUSION: The high proportion of children with risk factors suggests future interventions need to focus on community and policy change to shift the population norm rather than targeting the behaviour of high risk individuals. Interventions need to focus on mothers' lifestyle in pregnancy, fathers' health, as well as promoting fitness among children. Obesity was not associated with deprivation. Therefore, strategies should be adopted in both deprived and non deprived areas.
Life-long echoes--a critical analysis of the developmental origins of adult disease model.; The hypothesis that there is a developmental component to subsequent adult disease initially arose from epidemiological findings relating birth size to either indices of disease risk or actual disease prevalence in later life. While components of the epidemiological analyses have been challenged, there is strong evidence that developmental factors contribute to the later risk of metabolic disease--including insulin resistance, obesity, and heart disease--as well as have a broader impact on osteoporosis, depression and schizophrenia. We suggest that disease risk is greater when there is a mismatch between the early developmental environment (i.e., the phase of developmental plasticity) versus that experienced in mature life (i.e., adulthood), and that nutritional influences are particularly important. It is also critical to distinguish between those factors acting during the developmental phase that disrupt development from those influences that are less extreme and act through regulated processes of epigenetic change. A model of the relationship between the developmental and mature environment is proposed and suggests interventional strategies that will vary in different population settings.
Gestational programming: population survival effects of drought and famine during pregnancy.; The process whereby a stimulus or stress at a critical or sensitive period of development has long-term effects is termed "programming." Studies in humans and animals convincingly demonstrate that environmental perturbations in utero may permanently change organ structure and metabolism and/or alter homeostatic regulatory mechanisms among the offspring. These programmed changes may be the origins of adult diseases, including cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes. Throughout evolution and development, humans and animals have been exposed to two common environmental stresses, drought and famine. Notably, drought-induced water deprivation is associated with dehydration anorexia and thus a concomitant potential nutrient stress. Our laboratory has performed studies among pregnant rat and sheep in which we simulate drought conditions via maternal dehydration and famine conditions via nutrient restriction. Maternal dehydration results in low-birth-weight offspring, which demonstrate gender-specific plasma hypernatremia and hypertonicity and arterial hypertension. Gestational nutrient restriction also resulted in low-birth-weight offspring. If permitted rapid catch-up growth by nutrient availability, these offspring demonstrate evidence of increased body weight and body fat, and leptin resistance as adults. Conversely, if the catch-up growth is delayed by nutrition restriction, the offspring exhibit normal body weight, body fat, and plasma leptin levels as adults. These studies indicate that osmoregulatory and cardiovascular homeostasis and phenotypic predisposition to obesity may be programmed in utero. Importantly, these results suggest that programming effects may be either potentiated or prevented by interventions during the neonatal period.
Managing cardiometabolic risk factors across a woman's lifespan: A lipidologist's perspective.; A recent rise in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) mortality in women warrants a heightened focus on the cardiometabolic risk factors that are closely tied to increasing trends in obesity and suboptimal lifestyle. Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) are often manifestations of cardiometabolic disease that convey cardiovascular risk requiring recognition foremost, as well as a targeted approach to treatment. Similarly, menopause is a time to reflect on a woman's cardiovascular risk as multiple cardiometabolic changes occur during this time. Contraceptives and menopausal replacement therapy (MRT) should be considered along with a woman's individual thrombotic and cardiovascular risk. Clinicians should be attuned to cardiometabolic risk factors throughout a woman's lifespan and familiar with strategies to reduce cardiovascular risk.
Maternal chronic hypertension in women veterans.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the prevalence of maternal chronic hypertension (MCH), assess how frequently blood pressure is controlled before pregnancy among those with MCH, and explore management practices for antihypertensive medications (AHM) during the pre-pregnancy and pregnancy periods. DATA SOURCES, STUDY SETTING, AND STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a descriptive observational study using data abstracted from the Veterans Health Administration (VA) inclusive of approximately 11 million Veterans utilizing the VA in fiscal years 2010-2019. DATA COLLECTION/EXTRACTION METHODS: Veterans aged 18-50 were included if they had a diagnosis of chronic hypertension before a documented pregnancy in the VA EMR. We identified chronic hypertension and pregnancy with diagnosis codes and defined uncontrolled blood pressure as ≥140/90 mm Hg on at least one measurement in the year before pregnancy. Sensitivity models were conducted for individuals with at least two blood pressure measurements in the year prior to pregnancy. Multivariable logistic regression explored the association of covariates with recommended and non-recommended AHMs received 0-6 months before pregnancy and during pregnancy. PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: In total, 8% (3767/46,178) of Veterans with a documented pregnancy in VA data had MCH. Among 2750 with MCH meeting inclusion criteria, 60% (n = 1626) had uncontrolled blood pressure on at least one BP reading and 31% (n = 846) had uncontrolled blood pressure on at least two BP readings in the year before pregnancy. For medications, 16% (n = 437) received a non-recommended AHM during pregnancy. Chronic kidney disease (OR = 3.2; 1.6-6.4) and diabetes (OR = 2.3; 1.7-3.0) were most strongly associated with use of a non-recommended AHM during pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: Interventions are needed to decrease the prevalence of MCH, improve preconception blood pressure control, and ensure optimal pharmacologic antihypertensive management among Veterans of childbearing potential.
Remote prognosis after eclampsia.; Of 270 women who survived eclampsia in the period 1931 through 1951, all but three were traced in 1974. In white women having eclampsia as primiparas, neither the remote mortality nor the prevalence of hypertension is increased over that in unselected women matched for age. Both are increased significantly in white women having eclampsia as multiparas and in the 24 black women in the study. The excess of remote deaths among the multiparous eclamptic women is accounted for by the lethal consequences of hypertensive disease. Repeated hypertensive pregnancies after eclampsia are often a sign of latent essential hypertension and may precipitate prematurely a chronic hypertension that is in the making. The prevalence of diabetes of late onset is increased over the expected rate in both primiparous and multiparous eclamptic women. It is concluded that eclampsia is neither a sign of latent hypertensive nor of renal disease, and it does not cause chronic hypertension, whatever the duration of the acute hypertensive phase.
Sex differences in offspring neurodevelopment, cognitive performance and microglia morphology associated with maternal diabetes: Putative targets for insulin therapy.; Diabetes during pregnancy has been shown to affect the central nervous system (CNS) of the offspring, resulting in short- and long-term adverse effects. Children of diabetic mothers are more likely to develop cognitive impairment, also having increased susceptibility to psychiatric disorders. Microglia, the immune cells of the CNS, work as sensors of environmental changes, namely metabolic challenges, as early as the intrauterine period. During this period, microglia is actively involved in processes of neurogenesis, synaptic pruning and detection of any environmental alteration that may impact brain development. The remarkable sex dimorphism in neurodevelopment, as well as sex differences in the morphology and immune function of microglia during development, led us to clarify if maternal diabetes affects specific behavioral traits and microglia morphology during infancy in a sex-specific manner. Another important goal of this study was to clarify if insulin, the gold standard treatment of diabetes during gestation, could prevent maternal diabetes-induced behavioral changes, as well as microglia morphology, also considering sex specificities. Other molecular and cellular players potentially involved in the link between changes in metabolism and behavior were also analyzed in the hippocampus, a brain region implicated in cognition and other behavioral outcomes. Diabetes during pregnancy globally delayed female and male offspring development and was associated with impairments in recognition memory, but only in female offspring. In line with these results, at early and late infancy, some molecular and cellular markers were altered in offspring hippocampus in a sex-specific manner. The strict control of glycemia by insulin during pregnancy prevented most of the negative effects induced by uncontrolled hyperglycemia. Notably, insulin administration to diabetic dams may also modulate offspring development in a way that differs from what is observed in physiological conditions, since it promoted the expedited acquisition of developmental milestones and of discrimination ability at memory test, also inducing a hyper-ramification of male and female hippocampal microglia. Importantly, this study highlights the importance of analyzing the impact of maternal diabetes and insulin therapy, taking into account sex differences, since male and female present different vulnerabilities to hyperglycemia in this critical period of life.
Impact of the ACOG guideline regarding low-dose aspirin for prevention of superimposed preeclampsia in women with chronic hypertension.; BACKGROUND: Patients with chronic hypertension are at increased risk for superimposed preeclampsia. The 2016 American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guideline recommended initiating 81 mg of daily aspirin for all pregnant women with chronic hypertension to prevent superimposed preeclampsia. OBJECTIVE: (1) To evaluate the rates of implementation of the 2016 American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guideline over time; and (2) to evaluate the effectiveness of aspirin for the prevention of superimposed preeclampsia and other adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes in women with chronic hypertension before and after this guideline. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective study of women with chronic hypertension who delivered at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital from January 2014 through June 2018. This cohort of women with chronic hypertension was divided into 2 groups, before and after the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommendation published in September 2016. Daily 81 mg of aspirin was initiated between 12 and 16 weeks. We excluded multiple gestations and incomplete records. The primary outcome was incidence of superimposed preeclampsia, and secondary outcomes were incidence of superimposed preeclampsia with or without severe features, small for gestational age, and preterm birth <37 weeks. Subgroup analysis based on risk stratification was evaluated in women with chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensive medication, history of preeclampsia, and pregestational diabetes. RESULTS: We identified 457 pregnant women with chronic hypertension, 203 in the post-American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists group and 254 in the pre-American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists group. Aspirin 81 mg was offered to 142 (70%) in the post-American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists group and 18 (7.0%) in the pre-American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists group. Maternal demographics were not significantly different. The overall incidence of superimposed preeclampsia was not significantly different: 87 (34.3%) vs 72 (35.5%), P=.79, in the pre- and post-American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guideline groups, respectively. Superimposed preeclampsia with severe features significantly increased: 32 (12.6%) vs 9 (4.4%), P<.01, whereas superimposed preeclampsia without severe features significantly decreased: 55 (21.7%) vs 63 (31.0%), P=.03. There were no significant differences in small for gestational age neonates or preterm birth <37 weeks incidences between groups. There were no significant differences in the subgroup analysis based on the severity of chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensive medication, history of preeclampsia, or pregestational diabetes. CONCLUSION: After the adoption of the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines in 70% of the cohort, superimposed preeclampsia, small for gestational age, and preterm birth were not significantly decreased after implementation of aspirin 81 mg initiated between 12 and 16 weeks of gestation.
JCL Roundtable: Lipidology and Women's Health.; In this JCL Roundtable, we bring together three experts to discuss women's cardiovascular health throughout the lifespan, viewed from the standpoint of clinical lipidology. Overall, heart disease leads to one out of every 3 deaths of American women, but unfortunately patient awareness of cardiovascular risk actually has declined since 2009. Younger women are not exempt, since their risk can be increased by smoking, birth control, adverse lifestyle and diet, and genetic disorders. Age at menarche can influence lifetime risk. Polycystic ovary syndrome, noted in 5-13% of women of reproductive age, has been linked to increased cardiovascular risk, partly through atherogenic dyslipidemia. Oral contraception has improved greatly since its introduction, but remains a risk for venous thromboembolism and stroke, particularly in smokers. Fetal nutritional and metabolic requirements in pregnancy impose high vascular demand on the placenta and lead to escalating maternal triglycerides and cholesterol especially in the 3rd trimester. Triglycerides may require special management. Adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with placental dysfunction signal subsequent increased risk for maternal atherosclerotic disease. Early menopause has long been recognized as a risk enhancing factor for atherosclerosis with pathophysiology remaining unclear. The menopause transition represents a period when cardiovascular risk for women increases rapidly and approaches that of men. Current studies are evaluating hormonal changes and even clonal hematopoiesis as potential causes. At the same time, lifestyle habits and routine chronic conditions such as hypertension and obesity/diabetes/metabolic syndrome play a large role and need attention.
An Evidence Map for Social and Structural Determinants for Maternal Morbidity and Mortality: A Systematic Review.; OBJECTIVE: To identify the social-structural determinants of health risk factors associated with maternal morbidity and mortality in the United States during the prenatal and postpartum periods. DATA SOURCES: We searched MEDLINE, CINAHL, and Social Sciences Citation Index through November 2022 for eligible studies that examined exposures related to social and structural determinants of health and at least one health or health care-related outcome for pregnant and birthing people. METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION: After screening 8,378 unique references, 118 studies met inclusion criteria. TABULATION, INTEGRATION, AND RESULTS: We grouped studies by social and structural determinants of health domains and maternal outcomes. We used alluvial graphs to summarize results and provide additional descriptions of direction of association between potential risk exposures and outcomes. Studies broadly covered risk factors including identity and discrimination, socioeconomic, violence, trauma, psychological stress, structural or institutional, rural or urban, environment, comorbidities, hospital, and health care use. However, these risk factors represent only a subset of potential social and structural determinants of interest. We found an unexpectedly large volume of research on violence and trauma relative to other potential exposures of interest. Outcome domains included maternal mortality, severe maternal morbidity, hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, cardiac and metabolic disorders, weathering depression, other mental health or substance use disorders, and cost per health care use outcomes. Patterns between risk factors and outcomes were highly mixed. Depression and other mental health outcomes represented a large proportion of medical outcomes. Risk of bias was high, and rarely did studies report the excess risk attributable to a specific exposure. CONCLUSION: Limited depth and quality of available research within each risk factor hindered our ability to understand underlying pathways, including risk factor interdependence. Although recently published literature showed a definite trend toward improved rigor, future research should emphasize techniques that improve the ability to estimate causal effects. In the longer term, the field could advance through data sets designed to fully ascertain data required to robustly examine racism and other social and structural determinants of health, their intersections, and feedback loops with other biological and medical risk factors. SYSTEMATIC REVIEW REGISTRATION: PROSPERO, CRD42022300617.
Intake of sucrose-sweetened soft beverages during pregnancy and risk of congenital heart defects (CHD) in offspring: a Norwegian pregnancy cohort study.; Studies report increased risk of congenital heart defects (CHD) in the offspring of mothers with diabetes, where high blood glucose levels might confer the risk. We explored the association between intake of sucrose-sweetened soft beverages during pregnancy and risk of CHD. Prospective cohort data with 88,514 pregnant women participating in the Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study was linked with information on infant CHD diagnoses from national health registers and the Cardiovascular Diseases in Norway Project. Risk ratios were estimated by fitting generalized linear models and generalized additive models. The prevalence of children with CHD was 12/1000 in this cohort (1049/88,514). Among these, 201 had severe and 848 had non-severe CHD (patent ductus arteriosus; valvular pulmonary stenosis; ventricular septal defect; atrial septal defect). Only non-severe CHD was associated with sucrose-sweetened soft beverages. The adjusted risk ratios (aRR) for non-severe CHD was 1.30 (95% CI 1.07-1.58) for women who consumed 25-70 ml/day and 1.27 (95% CI 1.06-1.52) for women who consumed ≥ 70 ml/day when compared to those drinking ≤ 25 ml/day. Dose-response analyses revealed an association between the risk of non-severe CHD and the increasing exposure to sucrose-sweetened soft beverages, especially for septal defects with aRR = 1.26 (95% CI 1.07-1.47) per tenfold increase in daily intake dose. The findings persisted after adjustment for maternal diabetes or after excluding mothers with diabetes (n = 19). Fruit juices, cordial beverages and artificial sweeteners showed no associations with CHD. The findings suggest that sucrose-sweetened soft beverages may affect the CHD risk in offspring.
[Atenolol and bisoprolol in the treatment of mild and moderately severe hypertension].; Atenolol and bisoprolol, two beta-1-selective blockers, were compared in patients with mild and medium severe hypertension. Forty patients with a diastolic blood pressure of 95-115 mm Hg were two weeks after discontinuation of treatment divided at random into two groups treated with 50 mg atenolol and 5 mg bisoprolol. If the blood pressure was not affected by this dosage, the dose was raised to 100 mg atenolol and 10 mg bisoprolol. The blood pressure readings, heart rate, side effects of the drugs, laboratory and echocardiographic values were followed up for a period of three months. The authors recorded a marked decline of pressure and heart rate after the first week of therapy, the pressure readings in an upright position did not differ statistically from values in a sitting position, orthostatic hypotension was not recorded. The rate of success of bisoprolol was 85%, of atenolol 75%. During treatment no serious side-effects were observed. The biochemical parameters and echocardiographic values were not altered significantly by treatment. Atenolol and bisoprolol are two effective beta-1-selective blockers with a comparable effect in the treatment of mild and medium severe hypertension. They are useful in monotherapy as well as in combination with other antihypertensive drugs. In hypertension associated with diabetes mellitus, incipient bronchopulmonary disease and pregnancy they are also indicated. They are well tolerated also by elderly patients, an advantage of bisoprolol may be that it has a smaller impact on pressure and heart rate during the night.
Lactation and maternal cardiovascular disease risk in later life.; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. The identification of protective factors against cardiovascular disease is important with regard to public health policies. Lactation has multiple beneficial effects for both mother and child. This review summarizes the evidence on the association between lactation and maternal cardiovascular risk in later life. Lactation may help to reverse the metabolic and cardiovascular changes that take place during pregnancy. Overall, lactation seems to exert a protective effect against the development of hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes, whilst data on postpartum weight and lipidemic profile are less conclusive. Both subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease are negatively associated with a history of lactation. Increased energy expenditure and a favorable hormonal and adipokine profile during lactation may explain these associations.
The boomers are coming: a total cost of care model of the impact of population aging on the cost of chronic conditions in the United States.; The purpose of this study is to estimate the impact of population aging on medical costs over the next five decades in the United States. Specifically, we focus on the impact of aging on the chronic and/or expensive conditions most often included in disease management programs: coronary artery disease (CAD), congestive heart failure (CHF), diabetes, asthma, pregnancy, psychiatry, and chemical dependency. We apply estimated age-, gender-, and condition-specific annualized costs to the projected US population in each age and gender group for future years, through 2050, to provide an estimate of future healthcare costs. The primary data sources are pooled claims and membership for 2002 and 2003 for HealthPartners, a large midwestern health plan. Secondary sources are US annualized medical costs for 2003 and US Census Bureau demographic projections for the next five decades. Using the Episodes Treatment Group (ETG) grouper from Symmetry, we grouped HealthPartners data into 574 clinically meaningful episodes of care units. We then aggregate selected ETGs into the conditions reported in this study. Using data for all types of health services, we find that aging will have a greater impact on per capita costs for diseases where the ratio of costs for older versus younger ages is greater, such as CHF, CAD, and diabetes. In addition, we project that aging of the US population will actually reduce per capita costs for pregnancy and infertility, chemical dependency, and psychiatric conditions. Aging will have more of an impact on care for specific chronic diseases. These projections can inform health policy and planning as providers of health care, health plans, disease management vendors, and the government anticipate meeting future US healthcare needs.
Treating hypertension in women of child-bearing age and during pregnancy.; Hypertension is found among 1 to 6% of young women. Treatment aims to decrease cardiovascular risk, the magnitude of which is less dependent on the absolute level of blood pressure (BP) than on associated cardiovascular risk factors, hypertension-related target organ damage and/or concomitant disease. Lifestyle modifications are recommended for all hypertensive individuals. The threshold of BP at which antihypertensive therapy should be initiated is based on absolute cardiovascular risk. Most young women are at low risk and not in need of antihypertensive therapy. All antihypertensive agents appear to be equally efficacious; choice depends on personal preference, social circumstances and an agent's effect on cardiovascular risk factors, target organ damage and/or concomitant disease. Although most agents are appropriate for, and tolerated well by, young women, another consideration remains that of pregnancy, 50% of which are unplanned. A clinician must be aware of a woman's method of contraception and the potential of an antihypertensive agent to cause birth defects following inadvertent exposure in early pregnancy. Conversely, if an oral contraceptive is effective and well tolerated, but the woman's BP becomes mildly elevated, continuing the contraceptive and initiating antihypertensive treatment may not be contraindicated, especially if the ability to plan pregnancy is important (e.g. in type 1 diabetes mellitus). No commonly used antihypertensive is known to be teratogenic, although ACE inhibitors and angiotensin receptor antagonists should be discontinued, and any antihypertensive drugs should be continued in pregnancy only if anticipated benefits outweigh potential reproductive risk(s). The hypertensive disorders of pregnancy complicate 5 to 10% of pregnancies and are a leading cause of maternal and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Treatment aims to improve pregnancy outcome. There is consensus that severe maternal hypertension (systolic BP > or = 170mm Hg and/or diastolic BP > or = 110mm Hg) should be treated immediately to avoid maternal stroke, death and, possibly, eclampsia. Parenteral hydralazine may be associated with a higher risk of maternal hypotension, and intravenous labetalol with neonatal bradycardia. There is no consensus as to whether mild-to-moderate hypertension in pregnancy should be treated: the risks of transient severe hypertension, antenatal hospitalisation, proteinuria at delivery and neonatal respiratory distress syndrome may be decreased by therapy, but intrauterine fetal growth may also be impaired, particularly by atenolol. Methyldopa and other beta-blockers have been used most extensively. Reporting bias and the uncertainty of outcomes as defined warrant cautious interpretation of these findings and preclude treatment recommendations.
Genetic and family studies in Friedreich's ataxia.; This study consists of two parts: 1. A detailed genetic analysis of 35 sibships in which 58 individuals were affected with Friedreich's ataxia; and 2. Clinical and laboratory examinations of parents and siblings, in an attempt at carrier detection and diagnosis of the pre-clinical state. The increased parental consanguinity, the lack of affected individuals in other generations, and the lack of significance of extrinsic etiological variables, all suggested an autosomal recessive mode of inheritance, and this was confirmed by formal genetic analyses, employing several different methods. Associated abnormalities in our series of 58 patients included cardiomyopathy (51.7%), diabetes mellitus (19.0%), optic atrophy (5.2%), nerve deafness (5.2%) and congenital malformations (6.9%). The incidence of diabetes mellitus, congenital malformations, and epilepsy and/or febrile convulsions was elevated in first degree relatives of patients with Friedreich's ataxia.
Winter, spring, summer or fall: temporal patterns in placenta-mediated pregnancy complications-an exploratory analysis.; PURPOSE: Placenta-mediated pregnancy complications, like growth restriction and hypertensive disorders, are leading causes of maternal, fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality in high-income countries. The purpose was to investigate if there is a seasonal variation in placenta-mediated pregnancy complications (small for gestational age, intrauterine growth restriction, preeclampsia, preterm birth and intrauterine fetal death). METHODS: This is a Danish cohort study including all singleton deliveries at gestational week 22 up to and including week 41 conceived from December 2006 to November 2016 (N = 555,459). We used statistical process control charts to visualize data and to test for patterns of non-random variation in data over time for pregnancies with risk factors (BMI, diabetes, in vitro fertilization, maternal age > 40 years, primipara, previous caesarean and smoking) and each of the following outcome: fetal growth restriction, hypertensive disorders, preterm birth and intrauterine fetal death. The study was approved by the Danish Data Protection agency; REG-039-2019. RESULTS: We found a seasonal pattern in hypertensive disorders during pregnancy with dips in pregnancies conceived in the fall season and highest risk by conception in the spring and summer season. We found no apparent seasonality in cases of preterm delivery, small for gestational age and intrauterine mortality. Individual risk factors (e.g. smoking and obesity) for placenta-mediated complicated over time were in consistency with the general trends. CONCLUSIONS: We found a significant seasonal variation in the risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy with highest risk by conception in the spring and summer season. This study found no seasonal variation in other placenta-mediated complications.
Long Lasting Microvascular Tone Alteration in Rat Offspring Exposed In Utero to Maternal Hyperglycaemia.; Epidemiologic studies have demonstrated that cardiovascular risk is not only determined by conventional risk factors in adulthood, but also by early life events which may reprogram vascular function. To evaluate the effect of maternal diabetes on fetal programming of vascular tone in offspring and its evolution during adulthood, we investigated vascular reactivity of third order mesenteric arteries from diabetic mother offspring (DMO) and control mother offspring (CMO) aged 3 and 18 months. In arteries isolated from DMO the relaxation induced by prostacyclin analogues was reduced in both 3- and 18-month old animals although endothelium (acetylcholine)-mediated relaxation was reduced in 18-month old DMO only. Endothelium-independent (sodium nitroprusside) relaxation was not affected. Pressure-induced myogenic tone, which controls local blood flow, was reduced in 18-month old CMO compared to 3-month old CMO. Interestingly, myogenic tone was maintained at a high level in 18-month old DMO even though agonist-induced vasoconstriction was not altered. These perturbations, in 18-months old DMO rats, were associated with an increased pMLC/MLC, pPKA/PKA ratio and an activated RhoA protein. Thus, we highlighted perturbations in the reactivity of resistance mesenteric arteries in DMO, at as early as 3 months of age, followed by the maintenance of high myogenic tone in older rats. These modifications are in favour of excessive vasoconstrictor tone. These results evidenced a fetal programming of vascular functions of resistance arteries in adult rats exposed in utero to maternal diabetes, which could explain a re-setting of vascular functions and, at least in part, the occurrence of hypertension later in life.
Nutrition measures for managed care report cards.; Health plan "report cards," that is, published summaries of health plan performance, are a new way to help consumers select a health plan on the basis of cost and quality. The Health Plan Employer Data and Information Set (HEDIS) includes a set of health plan performance measures, standardized definitions, and methods for data collection. HEDIS is used as the basis for many report card initiatives and is the preferred tool of the managed care industry for measuring health plan performance. Nevertheless, the current list of HEDIS performance measures omits many health services, including medical nutrition therapy. Nutrition measures have the potential for wide appeal among health care stakeholders (ie, payers, consumers, and providers). Four measures related to medical nutrition therapy are proposed for managed care report cards: staffing for nutrition services and medical nutrition therapy for high cholesterol level, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Barriers to adopting medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS include the need to address technical issues before considering new measures and competition from other potential measures. Steps to create support for medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS should focus on influencing representatives of health plans and employers to include these measures. The involvement of registered dietitians in the dynamic process of health plan evaluation is an important extension of ongoing efforts for strategic positioning in the managed care market.
Chronic hyperinsulinemia in the fetal rhesus monkey. Effects of physiologic hyperinsulinemia on fetal growth and composition.; One of the hallmarks of the hyperglycemic-hyperinsulinemic infant of the diabetic mother (IDM) is macrosomia and selective organomegaly. Primary hyperinsulinemia, with insulin levels similar to those observed in human IDMs at delivery, was produced in the fetal rhesus monkey during the last third of gestation. The effects of this physiologically relevant hyperinsulinemia, in the absence of hyperglycemia, on fetal growth were studied. Fetal macrosomia, with a 23% increase in total body weight, was observed in physiologically hyperinsulinemic fetuses. A similar 27% increase in weight was produced by fetal insulin levels that were 10 times higher. A logarithmic correlation was observed between fetal birth weight ratio and fetal plasma insulin concentration. In contrast to this increase in weight, skeletal growth, as measured by crown-heel length and head circumference, was not affected by hyperinsulinemia. Only cardiomegaly was found in the low-dose hyperinsulinemic fetuses, whereas cardiomegaly, hepatomegaly, and splenomegaly were produced by hyperinsulinemia in which insulin levels were in the highest range. Compositional analysis of heart and skeletal muscle indicated no differences in the protein, RNA and DNA concentration, or in the protein-to-DNA ratio in hyperinsulinemic fetuses. We interpret these data as indicating that fetal insulin plays the predominant role in controlling the normal, as well as the augmented, fetal weight characteristic of the human infant of the diabetic mother.
Periodontitis: from local infection to systemic diseases.; Periodontitis is a chronic infectious disease, characterized by the progressive loss of the teeth's supporting tissues, affecting almost 40% of the entire adult population. An imbalance between a localized gram-negative infection and an exaggerated host inflammatory response plays a pivotal role in determining gingival tissue damage. Recent evidence suggests that the effect of periodontitis might not be limited just to the oral cavity but it might have systemic consequences. Indeed periodontitis has also been associated with a moderate systemic inflammatory response. Although the mechanisms behind this association remain unclear, periodontitis might represent one distant source of low-grade systemic inflammation. This association could explain the increased risk of future cardiovascular diseases observed, the impaired metabolic control in diabetes subjects and the adverse pregnancy outcomes observed in populations suffering from periodontitis. In this review we describe the pathophysiological processes involved in periodontitis and briefly review the evidence produced to support an association between periodontitis and systemic diseases.
Is It Diabetes or Just Macrosomia? Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Large-for-Gestational Age Fetuses.; Our aim in this study was to investigate whether there is an association between large-for-gestational age (LGA) fetuses and myocardial performance index (MPI). This is a cross-sectional study conducted from July 2022 to July 2023. Prospectively gathered data from 65 LGA cases and 65 age and gestational-age (GA)-matched controls were analyzed. Presence of polyhydramnios and diabetes were recorded in the study group. Fetal left ventricular mod-MPI, peak systolic velocity (PSV) of E and A waves, umbilical and middle cerebral artery (MCA) pulsatility indexes (PI) were sonographically measured. Association between these sonographic measures and LGA fetuses were sought. The LGA group had 33 diabetic cases (22 GDM and 11 PGDM). The LGA group had greater mod-MPI (0.51 vs. 0.45, p = 0.0048). The LGA group also had prolonged isovolumetric contraction time (ICT), compared to controls (37 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.008). ICT was longer in LGA fetuses with non-diabetic mothers (38 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.009). LGA fetuses with polyhydramnios but without diabetic mothers had also longer ICT (39 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.002). Mod-MPI was similar in controls and LGA without diabetes/LGA with polyhydramnios but without diabetes subgroups. Our results indicate that fetal mod-MPI values are higher in LGA fetuses and ICT is prolonged among LGA fetuses irrespective of presence of maternal diabetes.
Fetal malnutrition and adult chronic disease.; Since the fetal origins of adult disease hypothesis was put forward, more than 30 studies around the world have indicated low-birth-weight (LBW) infants have a higher incidence of hypertension and impaired glucose tolerance. India ranks second in incidence of LBW among South East Asian countries and is experiencing a transition of disease pattern from communicable disease to non-communicable disease. Whether this could be explained in part by LBW infants who experienced better nutrition at a later age is explored here. An earlier cohort with accurate birth weights was traced and enrolled into the study. A sample of 50 LBW and 78 normal birth weight (NBW) individuals are reported on here. Though the odds ratio (OR) estimates of risk factors for coronary heart disease and diabetes tended to be higher in LBWs who were better nourished at the time of the study, they were not statistically different. Similarly, OR estimates for risk factors tended to be higher in LBWs who put on more weight than the median of NBWs, but they were not significant. Logistic regressions with several variables indicated significant influence of body mass index on systolic (P <0.007) and diastolic (P <0.004) blood pressures. Since the risk associations are weak, more studies are needed to put the hypothesis on a firm footing.
Maternal dietary imbalance between omega-6 and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids impairs neocortical development via epoxy metabolites.; Omega-6 (n-6) and omega-3 (n-3) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are essential nutrients. Although several studies have suggested that a balanced dietary n-6:n-3 ratio is essential for brain development, the underlying cellular and molecular mechanism is poorly understood. Here, we found that feeding pregnant mice an n-6 excess/n-3 deficient diet, which reflects modern human diets, impairsed neocortical neurogenesis in the offspring. This impaired neurodevelopment occurs through a precocious fate transition of neural stem cells from the neurogenic to gliogenic lineage. A comprehensive mediator lipidomics screen revealed key mediators, epoxy metabolites, which were confirmed functionally using a neurosphere assay. Importantly, although the offspring were raised on a well-balanced n-6:n-3 diet, they exhibited increased anxiety-related behavior in adulthood. These findings provide compelling evidence that excess maternal consumption of n-6 PUFAs combined with insufficient intake of n-3 PUFAs causes abnormal brain development that can have long-lasting effects on the offspring's mental state.
Medical correlates of urinary incontinence in the elderly.; A probability sample of noninstitutionalized elderly people in Washtenaw County, Michigan, was interviewed to determine the relationship between urinary incontinence and various health conditions. The results show that between both male and female respondents physical mobility problems, specific neurologic symptoms, lower urinary tract problems, bowel problems, respiratory problems, and history of genital surgery are more prevalent among those who are incontinent than among those who are continent. Additional factors associated with incontinence in females are: history of parent and sibling incontinence, incontinence either during pregnancy or postpartum, hearing problems, use of female hormones, and vaginal infections. Incontinence among males is associated with vision problems and a history of and symptoms of cardiovascular disease. These findings suggest urinary incontinence is part of a complex and multifactorial problem. Further studies are needed to confirm and explain these findings.
Severely Calcified True Aneurysm: A Thought-Provoking Case of Solitary Origin and Postoperative Management.; BACKGROUND Visceral arterial aneurysms are rare. Most splenic arterial aneurysms (SAAs) are saccular and are in the distal third of the splenic artery. Suggested major causes of SAAs are atherosclerosis, pregnancy, and inflammation. We report the case of a patient who with a SAA extending almost the full length of his splenic artery. CASE REPORT A solitary true aneurysm that extended almost the entire length of the splenic artery was incidentally detected in an asymptomatic 70-year-old male patient with a history of myasthenia gravis and diabetes mellitus. His SAA was severely calcified, but other arteries showed no calcification. The aneurysm had been slightly enlarged toward the celiac artery for 2 years, and aneurysmectomy and splenectomy were performed. Vascular clips were carefully placed at the intact splenic artery without disturbing arterial flows from the celiac artery. Arterial branch from the SAA was ligated at an intact area, and the pancreatic capsule was densely adherent with the calcified aneurysm wall. The pancreas was preserved, although the pancreatic parenchyma was widely exposed during aneurysmectomy. Pathological examination revealed no atherosclerotic changes. Postoperatively, a pancreatic fistula developed, which was treated by placing an intraperitoneal drain and retrograde pancreatic drainage tube. Nevertheless, the intractable pancreatic fistula triggered a bacteriogenic infection, resulting in intraperitoneal abscess. Continuous local lavage via transnasal continuous infusion and endoscopic transgastric drainage was performed, until the fistula closed. He was healthy at 9 months after surgery. CONCLUSIONS A SAA that had the rare form and solitary origin was treated. Continuous local lavage has a therapeutic potential for a pancreatic juice-related bacteriogenic complication.
Adverse endothelial function and the insulin resistance syndrome.; Type 2 diabetes is characterized by impaired endothelial dependent vasodilatation which may contribute to the high prevalence of vascular disease in such patients. Although hyperglycaemia, dyslipidaemia and hypertension can all independently cause a similar defect, recent data suggest that endothelial dysfunction may be intrinsic to the insulin resistance syndrome that commonly precedes type 2 diabetes. Such abnormalities in endothelial function could represent the impact of subclinical disturbance of metabolism or alternatively the presence of a common cellular defect that influences both nitric oxide bioavailability and insulin mediated glucose disposal. Resolution of this puzzle is likely to lead to important advances in our knowledge and ultimately treatment of vascular disease.
The Relation between Pregnancy-Associated Plasma Protein A and Obstructive Sleep Apnea Syndrome.; AIM: We aimed to investigate the relationship between serum pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) levels and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS). MATERIALS AND METHOD: 44 patients with OSAS and 44 healthy adults were included in this study. The participants having rheumatic or systemic inflammatory disease, advanced liver or kidney failure, diabetes, heart failure, hypertension, pregnancy, prerenal azotemia, known history of coronary artery disease, any pulmonary disease, rhinitis, or atopy, history of major trauma or surgery within the last six 6 months, and inhaled nasal or systemic corticosteroid use or other anti-inflammatory medications and those with <18 years of age were excluded. Serum PAPP-A levels were determined by the Elisa method with the immune sandwich measuring method. Statistical analysis of the study was performed with SPSS 17.0 statistical analysis package program, and p < 0.05 was considered as significant. RESULTS: Serum PAPP-A levels of patients with OSAS (2.350 ng/ml (0.641-4.796)) were significantly higher (p < 0.001) when compared with healthy controls (0.971 ng/ml (0.109-2.679)). There was a statistically significant difference in serum PAPP-A levels between groups of OSAS patients according to the classification of OSAS severity. Between the groups of patients with OSAS, serum levels of PAPP-A in moderate group was significantly higher when compared with severe OSAS group (p < 0.001). There was positive correlations between PAPP-A levels and night minimum (p=0.042, r=0.309), and average oxygen levels (p=0.006, r=0.407). There was a negative correlation between PAPP-A levels and AHI (p=0.002, r=-0.460). CONCLUSION: Higher PAPP-A levels in OSAS patients that were found in this study show inflammatory component in OSAS.
Use of insulin sensitizers in polycystic ovarian syndrome.; Polycystic ovarian syndrome is a common disorder associated with a significant long-term risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia play an important role in its pathophysiology and therefore insulin sensitizers have been proposed as a possible treatment option for this condition. In this review, pertinent literature is described that supports the use of insulin sensitizers for the management of short-term (fertility and hyperandrogenism) as well as long-term (type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and endometrial cancer) clinical issues of the syndrome. There is sufficient evidence in the literature to support the initial use of insulin sensitizers for fertility and the chronic treatment of hyperandrogenism. Furthermore, insulin sensitizers may prevent type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases, whereas some evidence suggests that oral contraceptives could increase these risks. Therefore, although oral contraceptives may provide a more reliable control of menstrual disorders, insulin sensitizers should be considered as a preferential treatment option in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome at an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease, especially if they do not need contraception.
Beat-to-Beat Blood Pressure Variability in the First Trimester Is Associated With the Development of Preeclampsia in a Prospective Cohort: Relation With Aortic Stiffness.; Women with preeclampsia, a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, exhibit greater beat-to-beat blood pressure variability (BPV) in the third trimester after clinical onset of the disorder. However, it remains unknown whether elevated BPV precedes the development of preeclampsia. A prospective study cohort of 139 women (age 30.2±4.0 years) were enrolled in early pregnancy (<14 weeks gestation). BPV was quantified by time domain analyses of 10-minute continuous beat-to-beat blood pressure recordings via finger photoplethysmography in the first, second, and third trimesters. Aortic stiffness (carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity) and spontaneous cardiovagal baroreflex sensitivity were also measured each trimester. Eighteen women (13%) developed preeclampsia. Systolic BPV was higher in all trimesters among women who developed versus did not develop preeclampsia (first: 4.8±1.3 versus 3.7±1.2, P=0.001; second: 5.1±1.8 versus 3.8±1.1, P=0.02; third: 5.2±0.8 versus 4.0±1.1 mm Hg, P=0.002). Elevated first trimester systolic BPV was associated with preeclampsia (odds ratio, 1.94 [95% CI, 1.27-2.99]), even after adjusting for risk factors (age, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, history of preeclampsia, and diabetes mellitus) and was a significant predictor of preeclampsia (area under the receiver operator characteristic curve=0.75±0.07; P=0.002). Carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity was elevated in the first trimester among women who developed preeclampsia (5.9±0.8 versus 5.2±0.8 m/s; P=0.002) and was associated with BPV after adjustment for mean blood pressure (r=0.26; P=0.005). First trimester baroreflex sensitivity did not differ between groups (P=0.23) and was not related to BPV (P=0.36). Elevated systolic BPV is independently associated with the development of preeclampsia as early as the first trimester, possibly mediated in part by higher aortic stiffness.
[Hypothyroidism: from the desire for pregnancy to delivery].; The link between hypothyroidism and infertility is still a matter of debate. Hypothyroidism can result in cycle disturbances, such as oligomennorhea and functional bleeding. Additionally, several studies have shown that thyroid autoimmunity (detection of anti peroxydase antibodies) may account for the occurrence of repetitive miscarriages. In infertility work-up, screening thyroid function should be specifically recommended for women with clinical hypothyroidism, with a personal, familial history of thyroid or other auto immune diseases (such as type I diabetes) as well as for women with unexplained anovulation or functional bleeding. Moreover, detection of thyroid antibody seems to be worthwhile for the assessment of recurrent miscarriages, due to the potential benefit of thyroid supplementation. In pregnant women, assessment of thyroid function seems specifically crucial to ensure adequate foetal development. Indeed, it has been well established that untreated maternal hypothyroidism may be associated with disturbances of brain development and low intellectual quotient. Additionally, other foetal (growth deficiency, premature birth, low birth weight) as well as maternal (gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia...) complications have been also reported in pregnant women with untreated hypothyroidism. Consequently, screening of thyroid function should be performed in every woman at risk of thyroid disease. Recent studies even advocate that thyroid screening should be extended to the overall pregnant population. The objective is to adjust L-thyroxin supplementation to maintain serum TSH concentrations below the threshold of 2.5 mUI/l. Finally, iodine deficiency, currently observed in pregnant women, should be prevented by iodine supply prior to conception, during pregnancy and during breast feeding as well.
Childbirth and motherhood in women with motor disability due to a rare condition: an exploratory study.; BACKGROUND: Rare diseases may result in motor impairment, which in turn may affect parenthood. Our purpose was to evaluate perinatal outcomes, parenting needs, mother-infant interactions and infant development in a set of volunteer women with motor impairment due to a rare disease. In a parenting support institution, we recruited a consecutive series of 22 volunteer pregnant women or young mothers, recorded perinatal outcomes, and followed mother-infant interaction and relationship and infant development up to 14 months postpartum. Cases with intellectual or psychic disability were not included. RESULTS: There were 11 genetic diseases (2 Spinal Muscular Atrophy, 1 Charcot-Marie-Tooth, 1 autosomal dominants myopathy, 1 mitochondrial disease, 2 Elhers-Danlos, 1 Friedreich ataxia, 1 spinocerebellar ataxia, 1 tetrahydrobiopterine deficiency,1 Ectrodactyly), and 11 rare non-genetic conditions (2 spine tumors, 2 strokes, 1 juvenile chronic arthritis, 3 birth injuries, 1 inflammatory myopathy, 1 congenital amputation, and 1 traumatic amputation). These resulted in 10 impairments of four limbs, 4 impairments of both lower limbs, 7 unilateral impairments, and one distal tremor. Social deprivation Epices score, Cutrona social support scale, Edinburg Postnatal Depression scale, and Spielberger State/Trait Anxiety Inventory were unremarkable. Perinatal outcome: 4 gestational diabetes, 1 pre-eclampsia, 9 caesareans, 6 assisted and 7 spontaneous vaginal deliveries, 20 term live-births and 2 premature deliveries (35-36 weeks). Twelve women declared they were self-sufficient for daily activities; six declared they were self-sufficient to provide basic care to their baby. Distribution of the Brunet-Lezine child development score was normal. The parent-infant relationship global assessment scale (PIR-GAS) was well adapted in 2 cases, adapted in 8, perturbed in 7, significantly perturbed in 2, and distressed in 3 (mean 71.8; 95% CI 49.6-93.9). This was unrelated to any somatic or emotional characteristics of the participants. Coding interactive behavior revealed that infant engagement was lower and infant avoidance greater than in controls (p < 0.05). CONCLUSION: Infant development was normal, but mother-infant interactions were altered in half of the participants independently from the degree of motor impairment, underscoring the need for parenting support, even for parents who are self-sufficient in daily activities.
Prenatal Exercise and Cardiovascular Health (PEACH) Study: impact of pregnancy and exercise on rating of perceived exertion during non-weight-bearing exercise.; The purpose of this study was to determine if rating of perceived exertion (RPE) during non-weight-bearing exercise is influenced by gestational age and exercise training. We conducted a randomized controlled trial to examine the influence of gestational age and exercise training (three to four times per week for 25-40 minutes at 50%-70% of heart rate reserve) on RPE during an exhaustive cycling exercise test. We observed no influence of gestational age, or exercise training status on RPE responses to non-weight-bearing exercise during pregnancy. Trial registration number: NCT02948439. Novelty: Gestational age and/or exercise training does not influence rate of perceived exertion during non-weight-bearing exercise.
An investigation of the endoplasmic reticulum stress in obesity exposure in the prenatal period.; OBJECTIVES: Exposure to maternal obesity has been shown to make offspring more prone to cognitive and metabolic disorders later in life. Although the underlying mechanisms are unclear, the role of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress in the fetal programming process is remarkable. ER stress can be activated by many chronic diseases, including obesity and diabetes. Therefore, our study aimed to investigate the role of ER stress caused by maternal diet-induced obesity in the offspring hippocampus. We also evaluated the protective effect of N-acetylcysteine (NAC) against ER stress. METHODS: A rat obesity model was created by providing a high-fat (60 % kcal) diet. N-acetylcysteine (NAC) was administered at a dosage of 150 mg/kg via the intragastric route. The animals were mated at the age of 12 weeks. The same diet was maintained during pregnancy and lactation. The experiment was terminated on the postnatal 28th day, and the offspring's brain tissues were examined. Immunohistochemical staining for ER stress markers was performed on sections taken from tissues after routine histological procedures. RESULTS: The results revealed increased GRP78, PERK, and eIF2α immunoreactivities in the hippocampal dentate gyrus (DG) and cornu ammonis 1 (CA1) regions in the obese group offspring, while the expression of those markers in those regions normalized with NAC supplementation (p < 0.01). Statistical analysis of XBP1 immunoreactivity H-scores revealed no difference between the study groups (p > 0.05). DISCUSSION: These results suggest that exposure to obesity during the prenatal period may cause increased ER stress in hippocampal neurons, which have an important role in the regulation of learning, memory and behavior, and this may contribute to decreased cognitive performance. On the other hand, NAC stands out as an effective agent that can counteract hippocampal ER stress.
Pre-eclampsia and risk of dementia later in life: nationwide cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To explore associations between pre-eclampsia and later dementia, overall and by dementia subtype and timing of onset. DESIGN: Nationwide register based cohort study. SETTING: Denmark. POPULATION: All women with at least one live birth or stillbirth between 1978 and 2015. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Hazard ratios comparing dementia rates among women with and without a history of pre-eclampsia, estimated using Cox regression. RESULTS: The cohort consisted of 1 178 005 women with 20 352 695 person years of follow-up. Women with a history of pre-eclampsia had more than three times the risk of vascular dementia (hazard ratio 3.46, 95% confidence interval 1.97 to 6.10) later in life, compared with women with no history of pre-eclampsia. The association with vascular dementia seemed to be stronger for late onset disease (hazard ratio 6.53, 2.82 to 15.1) than for early onset disease (2.32, 1.06 to 5.06) (P=0.08). Adjustment for diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease attenuated the hazard ratios only moderately; sensitivity analyses suggested that body mass index was unlikely to explain the association with vascular dementia. In contrast, only modest associations were observed for Alzheimer's disease (hazard ratio 1.45, 1.05 to 1.99) and other/unspecified dementia (1.40, 1.08 to 1.83). CONCLUSIONS: Pre-eclampsia was associated with an increased risk of dementia, particularly vascular dementia. Cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes were unlikely to mediate the associations substantially, suggesting that pre-eclampsia and vascular dementia may share underlying mechanisms or susceptibility pathways. Asking about a history of pre-eclampsia could help physicians to identify women who might benefit from screening for early signs of disease, allowing for early clinical intervention.
Breastfeeding and medical disease.; Breastfeeding is an important opportunity for both mother and infant. There are nutritional, immunologic, infection protection, and psychological reasons to preserve lactation when illness intervenes. The internist will have patients with acute self-limited disease who are breastfeeding and patients with chronic long-term illness who wish to breastfeed their infants. The internist will need to consider the breastfeeding and the infant when planning treatment. The risk of treatment to the infant versus the great benefits of breastfeeding in most cases will support continuing breastfeeding. This article discusses the key considerations in managing the lactating woman with an illness.
Functional hemodynamic testing in pregnancy: recommendations of the International Working Group on Maternal Hemodynamics.; In the general population, functional hemodynamic testing, such as that during submaximal aerobic exercise and isometric handgrip, and the cold pressor test, has long been utilized to unmask abnormalities in cardiovascular function. During pregnancy, functional hemodynamic testing places additional demands on an already stressed maternal cardiovascular system. Dysfunctional responses to such tests in early pregnancy may predict the development of hypertensive disorders that develop later in gestation. For each of the above functional hemodynamic tests, these recommendations provide a description of the test, test protocol and equipment required, and an overview of the current understanding of clinical application during pregnancy. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
[Assessing the quality of life after pancreas-kidney transplantation].; The pancreas-kidney transplantation strives for a reestablishment both of the physiological regulation of blood glucose levels without external insulin and of kidney function without the need of dialysis. Nevertheless, the postoperative morbidity of the combined transplantation is high. In long lasting diabetes type I, a strict selection of transplant candidates is necessary to minimize the risks of cardio-vascular complications. Between 1990 and 1997 only 17 of 44 patients really were accepted for transplantation in our unit. 13/17 patients are actually independent from external insulin and dialysis. Two other patients are free of dialysis, but the pancreas transplants had to be removed due to thrombosis or infection. In one case therapy-resistant acute rejection occurred and both organs had to be removed after two months. One women died four years after transplantation with a functioning kidney graft from myocardial infarction. 10 patients with stable transplant function are at work again. After normal pregnancy two women gave birth to healthy children, in one case twins. Drug regimen and outpatients visits are not seen as significant restrictions of the quality of life.
The significance of routine serum magnesium determination in the ED.; To determine the significance of routine serum magnesium determination in the ED, a retrospective analysis was done on 253 patients in whom serum magnesium levels were examined in the department of EM. Mild, moderate, and severe hypomagnesemia was found in 19.5%, 9.1%, and 2.5% of the study population, respectively. Univariate analysis showed that pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions, diabetes mellitus, gender, renal function, infectious diseases, and the presence of ischemic heart disease were associated with low serum magnesium levels. In multivariate analysis, only pregnancy and pregnancy-related conditions (odds ratio [OR], 4.39; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.2-15.3) and diabetes mellitus (OR, 9.04, 95% CI, 3.3-24.75) were significantly associated with low serum magnesium levels. The number of patients admitted to the hospital and the number of patients who died was not statistically significantly different between the groups of patients with normal serum magnesium levels as compared with those with low serum magnesium levels. Although hypomagnesemia was found in 31% of the study population, its clinical significance is not clear given the absence of hypomagnesemia-related complications and death.
SGA Children in Pediatric Primary Care: What Is the Best Choice, Large or Small? A 10-Year Prospective Longitudinal Study.; BACKGROUND: Epidemiologic evidences suggest a strong association between low birth weight and some diseases in adult life ( hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases).Aim of this study was to evaluate the obesity/overweight prevalence in a population of children born small for gestation age, SGA children 400, 208 males and 192 females compared to a population of children born appropriate for gestational age 6818 AGA children, 3502 males and 3316 females, during childhood. Our intention was also to build the natural history of weight gain during prepubertal age in children born SGA and AGA. DESIGN AND METHODS: Observational prospective longitudinal study. We followed our patients from January2001 up to December 2010; weight, height and body mass index (BMI) were evaluated in all the SGA and AGA children. BMI z-score range for defining overweight and obesity was, respectively, 1.13 to 1.7 and >1.7 according to CDC growth charts. RESULTS: In transversal evaluation, we prove that 10-year-old SGA females are twice obese and more overweight compared to equal age AGA females. In longitudinal evaluation, we highlight different observations: SGA children obese at 2 years are still obese at 10 years; the number of obese SGA children increases gradually until the age of 10; AGA children, appear to be less obese than SGA children at 10 years. CONCLUSION: SGA males and females are more obese at 5 and 10 years compared to the AGA population. Primary care pediatricians, through early detection of the children at risk, can carry out an effective obesity prevention project in SGA children.
Tight blood glucose control: is it worth it?; Several investigations have assessed the relationship between glycemic control and complications in diabetes mellitus. Key evidence is reviewed that supports the beneficial effects of "tight" blood glucose control. Pertinent animal data show that good blood glucose control is associated with less retinopathy and nephropathy and fewer congenital anomalies in offspring. Short-term studies in humans show similar trends in microvascular complications and pregnancy. Similarly, peripheral neuropathy may be lessened with lower blood glucose. Although no studies have demonstrated a reduction in atherosclerotic disease with improved glycemic control, dyslipidosis frequently improves, which should reduce the risk for coronary heart and peripheral vascular disease.
Circulating markers of nitric oxide homeostasis and cardiometabolic diseases: insights from population-based studies.; Emerging data suggest that impaired nitric oxide (NO) homeostasis has a key role in development of cardiometabolic disorders. The association between circulating levels of NO metabolites, i.e. nitrate and nitrite (NOx), and risk of chronic diseases has not yet been fully clarified. This work aims to address epidemiologic aspects of NO metabolism and discusses different physiologic and pathophysiologic conditions influencing circulating NOx. Further, cross-sectional associations of serum NOx with metabolic disorders are described and along the way, potential short-term and long-term power of serum NOx for predicting cardiometabolic outcomes are reviewed. Results from population-based studies show that circulating NOx is affected by aging, smoking habits, pregnancy, menopause status, thyroid hormones, and various pathologic conditions including type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, hypertension, and renal dysfunction. Lifestyle factors, especially dietary habits, but also smoking habits and the degree of physical activity influence NO homeostasis and the circulating levels of NOx. Elevated serum NOx, due to increased iNOS activity, is associated with increased incidence of metabolic syndrome, different obesity phenotypes, and cardiovascular events.
Out of air: Is going to high altitude safe for your patient?; As more people travel to high altitudes for recreation or work, more travelers with underlying medical conditions will need advice before traveling or treatment for altitude illness. This article focuses on the two main issues for travelers: whether travel to a high altitude will have a negative effect on their underlying medical condition and whether the medical condition increases the patient's risk of developing altitude illness. Although patients with severe pulmonary or cardiac conditions are most at risk in the hypoxic environment, other conditions such as diabetes and pregnancy warrant attention as well.
Prevalence of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy in France (2010-2018): The Nationwide CONCEPTION Study.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are one of the leading causes of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. We aimed to estimate the prevalence of each HDP in France and to study their associations. All pregnant women who delivered in France between 2010 and 2018 were included in a cohort and followed during their pregnancy and 6 weeks of postpartum. Each HDP occurring during the follow-up was identified. Prevalence of each HDP and cumulative incidence by gestational age were estimated. Incidence rate ratio (IRR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for preeclampsia among women with preexisting or gestational hypertension (GH) were estimated using Poisson regression and adjusted for age were estimated. Between 2010 and 2018, 6 302 810 deliveries were included. HDP complicated 7.4% of pregnancies. Preeclampsia and GH complicated 2.0% and 4.2% of pregnancies, respectively. Most of preeclampsia cases occurred without a prior HDP. HELLP syndrome represented 10.4% of preeclampsia cases. Compared to nulliparous pregnancies without HDP prior preeclampsia, the age-adjusted IRR of preeclampsia was 6.2 [95% CI: 6.1-6.4] in nulliparous pregnancies with preexisting hypertension and 2.9 [95% CI: 2.8-3.0] in nulliparous pregnancies with GH. In France, HDP occurred in 7.4% of all pregnancies. Women with preexisting chronic hypertension are at high risk to present preeclampsia during pregnancy. Preeclampsia complicated 2.0% of pregnancies in France. Tailoring management of women according to the HDP is a major challenge to avoid complications related to these disorders.
Postpartum metabolic syndrome after gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, a prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: We evaluated the 6-month postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS), a marker of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, comparing women whose most recent pregnancies were complicated with gestational hypertension (GH) or preeclampsia (PE) versus those who had normotensive pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: This was a prospective cohort study in which women with GH or PE and normotensive women were actively enrolled during the first 12 weeks after delivery in Nairobi, Kenya. Participants were interviewed, blood pressures and anthropometric measurements including waist circumference obtained at enrollment and 6 months postpartum. Fasting lipid profile and plasma glucose were measured at 6 months postpartum. A generalized linear regression model with Poisson distribution was used to estimate crude relative risk (RR) of 6-month postpartum MetS and adjusted RR (ARR) after adjusting for apriori potential confounders. RESULTS: Among 194 postpartum women, 63 (32%) had experienced GH or PE. Prevalence of MetS at 6 months postpartum was higher among women whose pregnancies were complicated with GH or PE (34.9%) compared to those who were normotensive (11.5%). GH and PE were associated with a 3-fold or greater risk of MetS (ARR) 3.01; 95% Confidence interval [CI] 1.58, 5.71; p < 0.001) overall and three of the five components, namely hypertension (ARR 3.35 [2.04, 5.51], p < 0.001), hypertriglyceridemia (ARR 3.25 [1.16-9.10], p = 0.01), and fasting hyperglycemia (ARR 6.20 [1.07-35.76], p = 0.03), compared to having normal blood pressures during pregnancy. CONCLUSION: At 6  months postpartum, GH and PE were associated with three-fold or higher risk of MetS and especially hypertension, fasting hypertriglyceridemia, and fasting hyperglycemia.
The effects of physical activity on arterial stiffness during pregnancy: an observational study.; The objective of the present study was to investigate the relationship between moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) and arterial stiffness in pregnancy. Thirty-nine women participated in this study, resulting in 68 measurements in non-pregnant (NP; n = 21), first (TM1; n = 8), second (TM2; n = 20), and third trimesters (TM3; n = 19). Compliance, distensibility, elasticity, β-stiffness, and carotid to femoral (central) and carotid to finger (peripheral) pulse wave velocity (PWV) were assessed. MVPA was measured using accelerometry. Multilevel linear regressions adjusted for multiple tests per participant using random effects to generate β coefficients and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were performed. Distensibility, elasticity, β-stiffness, and central- and peripheral-PWV did not differ between pregnant and non-pregnant assessments. Carotid artery compliance was higher in TM2 compared with NP. Central PWV (β coefficient: -0.14, 95% CI: -0.27, -0.02) decreased from early to mid-pregnancy and increased in late pregnancy. Meeting the MVPA guidelines was significantly associated with central-PWV (adjusted β coefficient: -0.34, 95% CI: -0.62, -0.06, p = 0.016), peripheral-PWV (adjusted β coefficient: -0.54, 95% CI: -0.91, -0.16, p = 0.005), and distensibility (adjusted β coefficient: -0.001, 95% CI: -0.002, -0.0001, p = 0.018), in pregnancy. These results suggest that MVPA may be associated with improved (i.e., reduced) arterial stiffness in pregnancy. Novelty: Central PWV, distensibility, compliance, elasticity, and β-stiffness, but not peripheral PWV, exhibited curvilinear relationships with gestational age Central and peripheral PWV were lower in pregnant women who met the physical activity guidelines of 150 minutes of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity per week.
E-health psychological intervention in pregnant women exposed to intimate partner violence (eIPV): A protocol for a pilot randomised controlled trial.; Intimate partner violence (IPV) during pregnancy, a condition as common as obstetrics conditions like gestational diabetes, is associated with maternal and neonatal complications. Systematic detection of IPV is not well established in antenatal screening probably because the effectiveness of protective interventions has not been evaluated. E-health interventions may be beneficial among mothers exposed to IPV. Prior to performing a full-scale effectiveness trial for such an intervention, a pilot study is required to assess the feasibility of randomising a sufficiently large number of women exposed to IPV during pregnancy. The eIPV trial is a randomised pilot study nested within a cohort of consenting mothers who screen positive for IPV in the first antenatal visit at <12 weeks' gestation and accept an e-health package (psychological counselling by videoconference) in Spain and Denmark. Twenty eligible mothers from the above cohort will be randomised to either intervention or control. The intervention group will receive the e-health package as part of the cohort. The control group will be invited to accept a delay in the intervention (e-health package eight weeks later). After consenting to delay, the control group will provide comparative data without losing the opportunity of obtaining the intervention. We will determine estimates of rates of informed consent to randomization, and the rates of adherence and dropout following randomization. Qualitative interviews will be conducted to examine the women's perception about the benefit of the intervention, reasons for acceptability and non-adherence, and obstacles to recruitment, randomisation and consent. The results will inform the trial feasibility and variance of key clinical outcome measures for estimation of sample size of the full-scale effectiveness trial.
The role of trace elements in juvenile diabetes mellitus.; There is accumulating evidence that the metabolism of several trace elements is altered in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and that these nutrients might have specific roles in the pathogenesis and progress of this disease. Magnesium deficiency is the most evident disturbance of metal metabolism in diabetes mellitus. Hypomagnesemia might increase the risk of ischemic heart disease and severe retinopathy. Increased urinary loss of zinc is a commonly encountered feature of diabetes. High-dose oral zinc might enhance wound healing, although data regarding diabetes are lacking. Chromium increases tissue sensitivity to insulin and tends to raise high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol and the HDL:low-density lipoprotein ratio. Selenium is involved in processes which protect the cell against oxidative damage by peroxides produced from lipid metabolism. There is one report of elevated serum selenium in diabetic children although the clinical significance of this finding is still unclear. An insulin-like effect has recently been attributed to vanadium in experimental animals, a finding of potential interest to man. Current knowledge does not implicate iron, iodine, manganese, cobalt, nickel, silicone, fluoride, molybdenum or tin in the pathophysiology of diabetes. Appropriate trace element supplementation might prove beneficial in ameliorating some physiological deficiencies associated with diabetes and prevent or retard secondary complications. However, properly designed and well-documented trials, especially on magnesium supplementation, need to be performed before rationales for such supplementation are developed. The potential roles of vanadium, chromium and selenium in diabetes constitute challenging areas for further experimental and clinical research.
Thyroid stimulating hormone levels in cord blood are not influenced by non-thyroidal mothers' diseases.; CONTEXT: Screening programs not only offer the opportunity to trace and treat almost all cases of congenital hypothyroidism but also mean large savings to the health system. However, carefully planned strategies are necessary to extend their benefits and reduce costs. OBJECTIVE: To determine the possible influence of maternal diseases that affect maternal-fetal placenta dynamics on primary thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) screening for congenital hypothyroidism. DESIGN: Prospective non-randomized clinical trial with at least 3 months of follow-up. SETTING: A public university referral center [CAISM/Hospital das Clínicas, Faculty of Medicine, University of Campinas, Campinas, SP]. PARTICIPANTS: 415 neonates divided into 5 groups: eighty-three infants born from cardiac mothers; 98 from mothers that had toxemia; 54 of the mothers had diabetes mellitus; 40 were HIV positive and 140 had no diseases. INTERVENTION: All newborns had cord blood samples collected on filter paper at birth. MAIN MEASUREMENTS: TSH was measured from dried blood spots using a homemade immunofluorescence assay (sensitivity in dried blood spots = 0.1 mU/L). RESULTS: There was no significant difference in the mean TSH levels among the 5 groups. Moreover, TSH levels were around 5 mU/L in 48% of the newborns, indicating that our region is severely deficient in iodine. CONCLUSIONS: Our results indicate that primary TSH screening programs using cord blood are not affected by maternal diseases. We suggest that, besides its technical advantages over heel punctures with T4 primary approaches, neonatal screening using primary cord blood TSH may also be used as a monitoring tool for evaluation and control of iodine deficiency disorders (IDD).
[Prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart diseases and cardiac arrhythmias by Doppler echocardiography].; PURPOSE: To detect in prenatal life fetal arrhythmia and congenital heart disease. We performed fetal echocardiography following classical indications according to the literature. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Two-dimensional echocardiography associated with M-mode and Doppler was performed in 200 patients according to the indications: maternal diabetes, fetal arrhythmia, maternal congenital heart disease, previous fetus with cardiac defect, intrauterine growth retardation, nonimmune fetal hydrops, rubeola, isoimmunization, fetal malformation by ultrasound, polyhydramnios, gemelarity, oligohydramnios, maternal ingestion of drugs, lupus and others. RESULTS: Structural abnormalities of the heart were found in 6 cases and associated with bradiarrhythmia in 5 cases (total of 5.5%). Fetal arrhythmias without cardiac malformation were found in 35 cases (17.5%) and premature atrial contractions were the most frequent. CONCLUSION: The findings in this study indicate that it is possible the accurate definition of the cardiac anatomy and function. We have emphasized the method trying to spread it, objecting to improve assistance to the fetus and newborn with arrhythmias and/or congenital heart disease.
Risk for subsequent coronary artery disease after preeclampsia.; We studied the history of hypertensive pregnancies and conventional risk factors in 141 relatively young (<66 years) parous women with angiographically documented coronary artery disease and in age-matched controls. Our study showed that hypertension, diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, advanced age, smoking, and preeclampsia are independent risk factors for subsequent coronary artery disease.
[Congenital heart defects in the Valencian Community 2007-2014: The Population-Based Registry Of Congenital Anomalies].; INTRODUCTION: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most prevalent and severe type of major congenital anomalies (CAs). The objective of this study was to determine the frequency and distribution of CHDs in the Valencian Region from 2007 to 2014, describing common characteristics of the patients and their mothers. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We retrieved data on CHDs in live births, stillbirths and cases of termination of pregnancy for fetal anomaly between 2007 and 2014 (codes Q20-Q26 in the 10th Revision of the International Classification of Diseases-British Paediatric Association, ICD10-BPA) from the population-based Registry of congenital anomalies of the Valencian Region. We calculated the prevalence per every 10,000 births of CHDs overall and by subtype, analysed temporal trends and the geographic distribution of cases, and documented the presence of associated noncardiac malformations. RESULTS: We identified 3,671 cases of CHD, corresponding to 38.6% of all CAs. The prevalence was 91.1/10,000 (IC 95%: 88.1-94.0) with a predominance of septal defects, chiefly atrial septal defect (48.5/10,000; IC 95%: 46.4-50.6) and ventricular septal defect (36.1/10,000; IC 95%: 34.3-38.0). We found the highest prevalence in the province of Castellon (137.8/10,000; IC 95%: 127.5-148.1). The sex distribution was 47.3% male and 44.3% female. Of all cases, 90.9% corresponded to live births and 65.6% were diagnosed at birth. The most frequent associated extracardiac malformations were musculoskeletal, and 19.2% of patients had syndromes. The most frequent maternal diseases were diabetes mellitus, hypothyroidism and urinary tract infections. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of CHD and atrial septal defects was higher compared to European data, while the prevalence of ventricular septal defects was similar. Musculoskeletal malformations were the noncardiac CAs most frequently associated with CHDs.
Overexpression of nuclear transport factor 2 may protect against diabetic retinopathy.; PURPOSE: We performed human, animal, and in vitro studies to examine the potential role of nuclear transport factor 2 (NTF2) in conferring resistance to diabetic retinopathy (DR). METHODS: Blood NTF2 levels were assessed in two groups of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Group P patients had a history of proliferative DR (PDR), while group N patients did not. The retinal vasculature was examined in diabetic rats three months after they received an intravitreal injection of a recombinant adeno-associated virus (rAAV) vector overexpressing NTF2 (rAAV2-NTF2). Control rats were treated with rAAV2 only. Rat retinal capillary endothelial cells (RRCECs) were infected with rAAV2-NTF2, or with a vector expressing siRNA targeted against NTF2, to assess the effects of overexpression and inhibition of NTF2 on vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression (mRNA and protein). RESULTS: There was a strong trend for patients with DR to have lower blood NTF2 levels compared to those who did not have DR (0.10+/-0.01 versus 0.20+/-0.08, p=0.079). There was significantly less retinal blood vessel leakage in diabetic rats infected with rAAV2-NTF2 compared to controls (16.5+/-2.9 versus 24.7+/-7.3, p=0.039). These rats exhibited normal retinal vasculature and blood-retinal barrier function. VEGF expression was inhibited by NTF2 overexpression and stimulated by NTF2 inhibition, (protein [0.41+/-0.05 versus 0.23+/-0.06] and mRNA [0.37+/-0.04 versus 0.23+/-0.06] p<0.01 for all). CONCLUSIONS: These finding suggest that NTF2 is a potential mediator of retinal vasculature integrity. NTF2 may act by altering VEGF expression, thereby influencing the development of DR in patients with diabetes mellitus.
Impact of disasters, including pandemics, on cardiometabolic outcomes across the life-course: a systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Disasters are events that disrupt the daily functioning of a community or society, and may increase long-term risk of adverse cardiometabolic outcomes, including cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. The objective of this study was to conduct a systematic review to determine the impact of disasters, including pandemics, on cardiometabolic outcomes across the life-course. DESIGN: A systematic search was conducted in May 2020 using two electronic databases, EMBASE and Medline. All studies were screened in duplicate at title and abstract, and full-text level. Studies were eligible for inclusion if they assessed the association between a population-level or community disaster and cardiometabolic outcomes ≥1 month following the disaster. There were no restrictions on age, year of publication, country or population. Data were extracted on study characteristics, exposure (eg, type of disaster, region, year), cardiometabolic outcomes and measures of effect. Study quality was evaluated using the Joanna Briggs Institute critical appraisal tools. RESULTS: A total of 58 studies were included, with 24 studies reporting the effects of exposure to disaster during pregnancy/childhood and 34 studies reporting the effects of exposure during adulthood. Studies included exposure to natural (n=35; 60%) and human-made (n=23; 40%) disasters, with only three (5%) of these studies evaluating previous pandemics. Most studies reported increased cardiometabolic risk, including increased cardiovascular disease incidence or mortality, diabetes and obesity, but not all. Few studies evaluated the biological mechanisms or high-risk subgroups that may be at a greater risk of negative health outcomes following disasters. CONCLUSIONS: The findings from this study suggest that the burden of disasters extend beyond the known direct harm, and attention is needed on the detrimental indirect long-term effects on cardiometabolic health. Given the current COVID-19 pandemic, these findings may inform public health prevention strategies to mitigate the impact of future cardiometabolic risk. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42020186074.
Maternal low-protein diet alters the expression of real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction reference genes in an age-, sex-, and organ-dependent manner in rat offspring.; Altered perinatal environment, often manifested as low birth weight, is thought to contribute to greater susceptibility for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes as a result of epigenetic modifications and alteration of transcriptional activity for key genes. Real-time polymerase chain reaction is a useful technique for the quantitative determination of differences in transcriptional activity. Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction data analyses require normalization of transcriptional activity of target genes to an endogenous control, usually a reference gene. In response to reports of altered expression of reference genes in various experimental models, we hypothesized that adverse perinatal environment alters reference gene expression. We examined the expression of the following reference genes in the offspring of a rodent maternal low-protein diet model: β-actin, hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase 1, TATA-box-binding protein, glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase, and glucuronidase-β in brain, heart, kidneys, and intestines. We found altered expression in brain, heart, and kidneys for each of the reference genes measured; these effects were age, organ, and sex dependent. Glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and glucuronidase-β were found to be the least affected by these variables, whereas hypoxanthine phosphoribosyltransferase 1 was the most inconsistent. Our findings underscore the importance of empirical determination of a reliable reference gene for real-time polymerase chain reaction studies in the low-protein diet model.
Early life programming of cardiometabolic disease in the Western Australian pregnancy cohort (Raine) study.; The Raine study (http://www.rainestudy.org.au, accessed 18 June 2012) is a longitudinal Australian birth cohort that has serially assessed the offspring of 2900 pregnant women from 18 weeks gestation in utero to 17 years of age. The Raine study data have shown that low birth weight is a surrogate for poor in utero growth from 18 weeks gestation. A U-shaped relationship between birth size and cardiometabolic risk exists in this Western Australian cohort, implying that both low and high birth weight are associated with increased risk. High birth weight is a risk factor for cardiometabolic risk, particularly for females. Lifetime adiposity trajectories are better at predicting metabolic risk of the offspring than birth size or current body mass index. Therefore, early life programming is an ongoing process, starting in utero and undergoing at least some level of modification in parallel with changes in adiposity during early childhood. Maternal smoking during pregnancy, maternal obesity, hypertension and diabetes increase the risk for metabolic risk in the offspring. Breast feeding is protective for cardiometabolic risk in this Australian cohort.
[Clinical experience of long-distance electronic fetal heart rate monitoring system by telephone].; OBJECTIVE: To explore the value of the long-distance electronic fetal heart rate monitoring system by telephone and explore a new way of self-monitoring at home for pregnant woman. METHOD: 204 high risk pregnant women came to our clinic were enrolled in this study. Complications included pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), anemia, diabetes, hemolysis, nephropathy. In the study group, 97 women took the terminal part of the fetal heart rate monitoring system home and were requested to auscultate and count fetal heart rate three times a day, while another 107 cases did the self monitoring by fetal movement counting daily and served as control group. For the study group, whenever woman felt any abnormality of her baby, she could contact the long-distance electronic fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring center in hospital by telephone immediately. The signal of fetal heart beat and fetal movement was converted and analyzed in the electronic FHR monitoring center by computer at the same time. The fetal heart rate curve was printed out, and diagnosis and management could be made. Age, gestational weeks, high risk factors, abnormal non-stress test (NST), Apgar score and birth weight of newborn were analyzed between the experimental and control group retrospectively. RESULTS: There were no obviously differences in age, gestational weeks, weight of newborn, high risk factors between the 2 groups. The incidence of abnormal NST and Apgar score of newborn were significantly higher in the study group than that in the control group, while the incidence of neonatal asphyxia was significantly lower. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggested that the long-distance electronic FHR monitoring by telephone was a reliable, sensitive and applicable method of self-monitoring for pregnant woman at home, use of this system could decrease the incidence of fetal distress, brain damage and perinatal mortality, thus improves the quality of perinatal care.
The preconceptional period as an opportunity for prediction and prevention of noncommunicable disease.; Preconceptional care is a set of interventions, aimed to identify and modify medical, behavioral, and social risks to a woman's health and her pregnancy outcome, prior to conception. Diagnosing and treating some of the common noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) may have an impact on pregnancy outcome. Ample time should be allowed to properly intervene in some of the following situations: hypertension, diabetes, obesity, systemic lupus erythematosus, thyroid disease, anemia, epilepsy, asthma, and cardiac disease. Diabetes mellitus and obesity are common NCDs, with proven efficacy for preconceptional care, for both maternal and perinatal outcome. These primary components of the metabolic syndrome, if properly treated prior to pregnancy, will prevent long-term hazards for the mother, her children, and the next generations, by providing in utero primary prevention of NCDs.
Delivery by Caesarean section and infant cardiometabolic status at one year of age.; OBJECTIVE: Disruption of the gut microbiome has been associated with overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes. Recently, it has been reported that Caesarean section disrupts the normal gut microbiome of neonates. As such, these data have raised the intriguing possibility that CS could lead to an adverse cardiometabolic risk profile early in life. Thus, we sought to compare the cardiometabolic status of infants delivered by CS to that of infants delivered vaginally. METHODS: In this prospective observational cohort study, 104 women underwent cardiometabolic evaluation in pregnancy followed by similar assessment of their infants at one year of age, thereby enabling comparison of infants delivered vaginally (n = 74) to those delivered by CS (n = 30). Infant assessment included anthropometric evaluation and measurement of variables associated with cardiometabolic risk. RESULTS: At one year of age, there were no differences between infants delivered vaginally and those delivered by CS with respect to mean BMI, sum of skinfolds, fasting glucose, insulin resistance, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, C-reactive protein, leptin, and adiponectin, both before and after covariate adjustment. Of note, maternal and infant levels of adiponectin (r = 0.31, P = 0.007) and of total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, and HDL-cholesterol (all r ≥ 0.23, P < 0.05) were associated in the vaginal delivery group only, whereas the analogous association for leptin was observed only in the CS group (r = 0.44, P = 0.02). CONCLUSION: Caesarean section was not found to be associated with an adverse infant cardiometabolic risk profile at one year of age, although it potentially may affect the impact of maternal determinants of this profile.
Comparison of risk factors and perinatal outcomes in early onset and late onset preeclampsia: A cohort based study in Reunion Island.; Clinical differences, maternal risk factors and pregnancy outcomes of deliveries complicated by early- (delivery<34 weeks) and late-onset (delivery≥34 weeks) preeclampsia were studied in a cohort of women in Reunion Island during 15 years (period 2001-2015; N=62,230 pregnancies). The overall preeclampsia rate in singleton pregnancies was 2.37%. Early- and late-onset preeclampsia rates were 0.75% and 1.5% respectively, and the trend for each type of disease was stable over time. In both form of preeclampsia, smoking during pregnancy was a protective factor and associated risk factors were: older age, primiparity, pre-existing diabetes, chronic hypertension, higher pre-pregnancy body mass index and obesity, infertility treatment, history of renal disease and hypercholesterolemia (all p<0.05). The rate of caesarean section, medically-induced delivery and impaired foetal and neonatal outcomes were significantly higher in preeclamptic women (all p<0.0001). When comparing early- versus late-onset preeclampsia, the only difference was the older maternal age in primiparae with early-onset preeclampsia (p=0.02), and the two groups of preeclamptic women were similar in terms of maternal risk factors, with the exception of higher rates of chronic hypertension in early-onset preeclampsia (p=0.02). Foetal and neonatal outcomes were evaluated after adjustment for gestational age at delivery and no difference was detected between early- and late-onset preeclamptic women. These analyses failed to identify a specific phenotype of preeclampsia in terms of predisposition or pre-existing risk factors for one form or another. Gestational age at delivery was the most important predictor for offspring outcome.
Impact of prenatal risk factors on congenital heart disease in the current era.; BACKGROUND: The healthcare burden related to congenital heart disease (CHD) is increasing with improving survival. We assessed changing trends in prenatal risk factors for CHD in the current era in a Canadian cohort. METHODS AND RESULTS: CHD patients <18 years old (n=2339) and controls without structural heart disease (n=199) were prospectively enrolled in an Ontario province-wide biobank registry from 2008-2011. Family history, frequency of extra-cardiac anomalies (ECAs), and antenatal risk factors were assessed. Temporal trends were analyzed and associations with CHD were measured using linear and logistic regression. Family history of CHD and frequency of major ECAs was higher in cases versus controls (P<0.001). Despite an increase in genetic testing in the recent era, only 9.5% of cases with CHD had a confirmed genetic diagnosis. Yield of genetic testing (ie, frequency of abnormal results) was higher in familial and syndromic cases. There was an increase in parental age at conception, maternal prepregnancy body mass index, maternal urinary tract infections, type 1 diabetes, and exposure to nonfertility medications during pregnancy from 1990-2011. Later year of birth, family history of CHD, presence of major ECAs, maternal smoking during pregnancy, and maternal medication exposure were associated with increased odds of CHD (P<0.05 for all). Advanced parental age was associated with increased odds of CHD caused by genetic abnormalities. CONCLUSIONS: The increase in prenatal risk factors for CHD highlights the need for more rigorous ascertainment of genetic and environmental factors including gene-environment interactions that contribute to CHD.
[Cystic fibrosis in adults].; While fifty years ago 20 p. 100 of cystic fibrosis patients only reached the age of one year, more than 50 p. 100 of the patients now live more than twenty years. The clinical manifestations of cystic fibrosis are more diverse in adults than in children, so that the diagnosis might concern several specialties. In actual fact, only 3 to 7 p. 100 of cystic fibroses are diagnosed after thirteen to sixteen years, and in half the cases the symptoms had been present before the age of one year. In adults, the respiratory manifestations of cystic fibrosis are predominant, whereas the gastrointestinal manifestations tend to be blurred. Radiography of the chest shows interstitial lesions (opacities, cystic images, disorders of ventilation), principally located in the right side and the apex. The most common functional defect is an obstructive syndrome corresponding to a gradual involvement of the peripheral airways. A number of complications may develop, including recurrent Pseudomonas infection of the lung, pneumothorax, heart failure, malnutrition, liver cirrhosis, episodes of intestinal occlusion, etc. The longer life span of these patients raises the problems of diabetes with its vascular complications, infertility or pregnancy, social and professional insertion, and so forth. The prognosis of cystic fibrosis in adults depends on the date the diagnosis was made, on the therapeutic follow-up and on the creation of specialized centres. The control of Pseudomonas infections and the development of lung transplantation are the main advances to be expected.
Polypharmacy is Associated with Diabetic Foot Ulcers in Type 2 Diabetes mellitus.; Objectives: This observational study aimed to investigate the relationship between polypharmacy and the existence of diabetic foot ulcers in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Patients with T2DM with and without diabetic foot ulcers who presented to the endocrinology outpatient clinic between August 2020 and November 2021 were involved in the study. Overall, five hundred and twelve patients with T2DM (293 patients with diabetic foot ulcer and 219 patients without diabetic foot ulcer) were included. The exclusion criteria were pregnancy, lactation, type 1 diabetes, patients under 18 years and over 65 years of age, and history of malignancy. The information of drugs administered, demographic and clinical data were obtained from the patient files. The Wagner score was used to evaluate the severity of ulcers. Results: The comparison of the two groups revealed that patients with diabetic foot ulcers had significantly higher rates of diabetic retinopathy (p = 0.017). The patients with diabetic foot ulcers who had polypharmacy had significantly higher rates of hypertension, ischaemic heart disease, diabetic retinopathy, and complaints of diabetic neuropathy (P < 0.001, P < 0,001, p = 0.021 and P = 0.004, respectively). In the binary logistic regression analyses, polypharmacy was independently associated with diabetic foot ulcers in all models. Conclusion: Polypharmacy should be seriously concerned in type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients with diabetic foot ulcers and polypharmacy was related to diabetic foot ulcers.
Prone sleeping affects cardiovascular control in preterm infants in NICU.; BACKGROUND: Prone sleeping is used in preterm infants undergoing intensive care to improve respiratory function, but evidence suggests that this position may compromise autonomic cardiovascular control. To test this hypothesis, this study assessed the effects of the prone sleeping position on cardiovascular control in preterm infants undergoing intensive care treatment during early postnatal life. METHODS: Fifty-six preterm infants, divided into extremely preterm (gestational age (GA) 24-28 weeks, n = 23) and very preterm (GA 29-34 weeks, n = 33) groups, were studied weekly for 3 weeks in prone and supine positions, during quiet and active sleep. Heart rate (HR) and non-invasive blood pressure (BP) were recorded and autonomic measures of HR variability (HRV), BP variability (BPV), and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS) using frequency analysis in low (LF) and high (HF) bands were assessed. RESULTS: During the first 3 weeks, prone sleeping increased HR, reduced BRS, and increased HF BPV compared to supine. LF and HF HRV were also lower prone compared to supine in very preterm infants. Extremely preterm infants had the lowest HRV and BRS measures, and the highest HF BPV. CONCLUSIONS: Prone sleeping dampens cardiovascular control in early postnatal life in preterm infants, having potential implications for BP regulation in infants undergoing intensive care.
Visual loss in pregnancy.; Visual loss in pregnancy may be caused by a variety of reasons including pituitary adenomas. Prolactinomas (PRLs) are the most common hormone-secreting tumours in pregnant women. As most PRLs present with menstrual abnormalities, infertility or galactorrhoea, they are most commonly diagnosed before pregnancy. We present the case of a 30-year-old primigravida who presented at 36(+5) weeks gestation with headaches and left-sided visual loss. MRI of the pituitary gland confirmed a 10×11 mm left suprasellar mass. Results of her anterior pituitary function were unremarkable for her gestational age. Postpartum, she underwent an endoscopic endonasal resection of the pituitary tumour. The histology was consistent with a PRL. Literature review reveals only one possible case of a new diagnosis of a PRL during pregnancy. It highlights the importance to consider a wide range of differential diagnoses when assessing visual loss in pregnancy.
Systemic effects of periodontal diseases.; A number of studies suggest an association between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease, pulmonary disease, diabetes,and pregnancy complications. Presently, the data must be regarded as preliminary. Additional large-scale longitudinal epidemiologic and interventional studies are necessary to validate these associations and to determine whether the associations are causal. The goal of this article is to review the history of this concept, describe the biologically plausible circumstances that may underlie these potential associations, and provide a summary of the published literature that supports or refutes them.
Use of Sotrovimab in Pregnancy: Experiences from the COVID-19 International Drug Pregnancy Registry.; INTRODUCTION: Available data regarding the safety and efficacy of sotrovimab in pregnant patients remain limited due to their exclusion from clinical trials. METHODS: The COVID-19 International Drug Pregnancy Registry (COVID-PR) was established to gather comprehensive safety data from pregnant women who have received monoclonal antibody (mAb) or antiviral treatments for mild, moderate, or severe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) during pregnancy. Participants actively contributed self-reported data concerning their COVID-19 symptoms, in addition to sociodemographic and health-related characteristics. Obstetric, neonatal, and infant outcomes were also documented, with follow-up extending up to 12 months after childbirth. RESULTS: As of 30 November 2023, sotrovimab was administered to 39 participants enrolled in the COVID-PR. At the time of this report, 26 participants had given birth, with nine deliveries performed via cesarean section. The infants' birthweight ranged from 2381 g to 4762 g, with a mean of 3439.91 g. Twenty-five infants were born at ≥37 weeks. A total of 31 adverse events (AEs) were reported by 12 participants. The most frequently reported AE was gestational hypertension, observed in three participants. COVID-19 re-infection, fatigue, gestational diabetes, headache, and morning sickness were each reported by two participants. Of the reported AEs, eight (in five participants) were classified as serious, including four AEs (prolonged labor, pre-eclampsia, polyhydramnios, premature labor) that affected pregnancy. Seven of these eight serious AEs (SAEs) were found to be unrelated to sotrovimab, with one event (urinary retention) not assessable. A total of 44 AEs were reported in 19 delivered infants or in utero fetuses. The most common were COVID-19 (n = 6 events), ear infection (n = 5 events), neonatal dyspnea (n = 3 events), and respiratory syncytial virus infection (n = 3 events). Sixteen AEs (in 11 infants/fetuses) were classified as serious, including one report each of fetal cardiac disorder, congenital ankyloglossia, persistent right umbilical vein, and congenital hydronephrosis; the latter was considered a major congenital malformation. For all assessable SAEs, causality of sotrovimab treatment was ruled out based on lack of a temporal relationship alone or in combination with absence of a plausible mechanism. CONCLUSION: A sizable proportion of sotrovimab-treated participants in the COVID-PR had underlying medical conditions associated with an increased risk of severe COVID-19. None of the assessable SAEs were considered to be related to sotrovimab treatment.
[Prostacyclin synthesis in human umbilical vessels].; Umbilical arteries exhibit the highest capacity to synthesize PGI2 of all human blood vessels. This capacity is not only severely suppressed in adults, but also in umbilical arteries in mothers suffering from diseases accompanied by vessel wall alterations such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension and with smoking, for example. In parallel, severe morphological changes of endothelium and smooth muscle cells of umbilical arteries can be observed. It is assumed that a decrease in PGI2 formation might cause a disturbance in local haemodynamics.
Perinatal growth failure: the road to obesity, insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease in adults.; A continuum of increasing risk of adulthood diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and hypertension, with decreasing size at birth is now well-reported and a number of different hypotheses have been proposed. Birthweight links with disease risk markers such as insulin resistance are apparent from childhood, particularly when low birthweight is followed by rapid postnatal weight gain and childhood obesity. Such growth patterns follow fetal growth restraint, associated with maternal-uterine factors such as primiparity, smoking, maternal genes or variations in maternal diet. The fetal metabolic and hormonal responses to intrauterine growth restraint and to rapid postnatal growth are likely to be key to the early pathogenesis of adulthood disease. Thrifty fetal genotypes may enhance these adaptations and improve perinatal survival but predispose to adulthood disease. Their historical selection could explain high prevalences of type 2 diabetes in some ethnic groups, and their identification could allow targeting of potential interventions.
Prevalence and risk factors associated with severe pre-eclampsia among postpartum women in Zanzibar: a cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: Severe pre-eclampsia is more dominant in low and middle-income countries. In Sub-Saharan Africa, severe pre-eclampsia remains a major public health problem contributing to high rates of maternal mortality. Few studies have investigated the relationship between severe pre-eclampsia and associated factors in East Africa. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence and risk factors associated with severe pre-eclampsia among postpartum women in Zanzibar. METHODS: A hospital based analytical cross-sectional study design was used. Purposive sampling was utilized for the selection of hospitals. Proportionate sampling was used for selection of representatives from each hospital and participants were selected using systematic random sampling. Postpartum mothers were included in the study. The study was conducted by an interviewer who administered a questionnaire with close ended questions and chart review for data gathering. SPSS version 23 was used for data analysis and descriptive and multiple logistic regression was performed for control of confounders. RESULTS: This study included a total of 400 participants with a 100% response rate. Participants ranged from 17 to 45 years of age with mean age (SD) of 28.78 (±6.296). The prevalence of severe pre-eclampsia among postpartum women was 26.3% (n = 105). After adjusting for the possible confounders, factors associated with severe pre-eclampsia were; maternal age group of 15-20 years (AOR 3.839; 95% C. I 1.037-14.210), pregnancy from new partner/husband (AOR 7.561; 95% C. I 3.883-14.724), family history of high blood pressure (AOR 6.446; C. I 3.217-12.917), diabetes prior to conception (AOR 55.827; 95% C. I 5.061-615.868), having high blood pressure in a previous pregnancy (AOR 19.382; 95% C. I 4.617-81.364), paternal age above 45 (AOR 2.401; 95% C. I 1.044-5.519) and multifetal gestation (AOR 7.62; 95% CI 2.01-28.84). CONCLUSION: The prevalence of severe pre-eclampsia among postpartum women in Zanzibar is high. Common risk factors in this setting include maternal age of 15-20 years, pregnancy with a new partner, family history of high blood pressure, pre-existing diabetes prior to conception, a history of high blood pressure in previous pregnancy paternal age greater than 45 and multifetal gestation.
Obesity and dyslipidemia in early life: Impact on cardiometabolic risk.; Childhood obesity with its growing prevalence worldwide presents one of the most important health challenges nowadays. Multiple mechanisms are involved in the development of this condition, as well as in its associations with various cardiometabolic complications, such as insulin resistance, diabetes, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease and cardiovascular diseases. Recent findings suggest that childhood obesity and associated dyslipidemia at least partly originate from epigenetic modifications that take place in the earliest periods of life, namely prenatal and perinatal periods. Hence, alterations of maternal metabolism could be fundamentally responsible for fetal and neonatal metabolic programming and consequently, for metabolic health of offspring in later life. In this paper, we will review recent findings on the associations among intrauterine and early postnatal exposure to undesirable modulators of metabolism, development of childhood obesity and later cardiometabolic complications. Special attention will be given to maternal dyslipidemia as a driven force for undesirable epigenetic modulations in offspring. In addition, newly proposed lipid biomarkers of increased cardiometabolic risk in obese children and adolescents will be analyzed, with respect to their predictive potential and clinical applicability.
Resetting the dynamic range of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis stress responses through pregnancy.; The hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis plays a key role in the neuroendocrine response to stress. Dynamic changes in HPA axis regulation and hence HPA responsivity occur over the lifetime of an animal. This article focuses on two extremes of the spectrum. The first occurs naturally during pregnancy when stress responses are dampened. The second, at the opposite end of the scale, occurs in offspring of mothers who were exposed to stress during pregnancy and display exaggerated HPA axis stress responses. Reduced glucocorticoid output in response to stress in pregnancy may have important consequences for conserving energy supply to the foetus(es), in modulating immune system adaptations and in protecting against adverse foetal programming by glucocorticoids. Understanding the mechanisms underpinning this adaptation in pregnancy may provide insights for manipulating HPA axis responsiveness in later life, particularly in the context of resetting HPA axis hyperactivity associated with prenatal stress exposure, which may underlie several major pathologies, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus type 2, obesity, cognitive decline and mood disorders.
The impact of COVID-19 on health care accessibility and financial risk protection in Sri Lanka.; INTRODUCTION: The COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted essential health services, and distorted social determinants of health, reducing healthcare accessibility and increasing financial risk. AIM: we aimed to assess the impact of COVID-19 on healthcare accessibility and financial risk protection in Sri Lanka. METHODOLOGY: We conducted a cross-sectional study on a representative sample (multi-stage sampling process) of 3151 households in 105 clusters representing all the districts of Sri Lanka. The data collection was conducted using an interviewer-administered questionnaire in early November 2021. This was important to classify three periods of interest, namely: (1) the pre-lockdown period (2) the nationwide lockdown period, and (3) the new normal period. (After Oct 1 to early November 2021). RESULTS: Among 11,463 household occupants, 12.6% reported having chronic diseases, with 76.5% diagnosed prior to six months. The majority had heart disease, high blood pressure, or diabetes. Of them, 53.7% have been followed up during the lockdown, increasing to 80.8% in the new normal period. Provincial variations in expenses were observed, with the highest food expenses in the Western Province. Catastrophic health expenditures affected 9.5% and 3.4% of households at 10% and 25%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A considerable proportion of those having heart disease, high blood pressure, high blood sugar or diabetes mellitus were not followed up in the lockdown period and the first month of the new normal period. Antenatal care and family planning were the least affected. Participants had incurred high out-of-pocket expenditures for healthcare during the entire period.
Is the low AMH level associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease in obese pregnants?; Our aim was to investigate whether Antimullerian Hormone (AMH), complete blood count (CBC), Homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR), systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), and weight gain have any diagnostic value for the prediction of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in obese and non-obese pregnant patients. A prospective, case-control study was carried out, including 187 patients (93 obese, and 94 non-obese). CVD risk for each patient was evaluated according to the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Practice Guidelines (ACC/AHA). A multivariate logistic regression model was used to identify the independent risk factors of CVD in obese and non-obese patients. The obese patients had significantly lower levels of AMH when compared to the non-obese ones (p = .002). Insulin, HOMA-IR, HbA1c, and SBP were significantly higher in obese patients than non-obese ones (p < .001, p < .001 and p = .001, respectively). Age, SBP, and decreased AMH levels had significantly associated with risk factors of CVD in the obese group (p = .001, p = .002, and p = .049, respectively). Our study suggests that decreased AMH levels, increased age, and SBP are associated with CVD in obese patients. AMH may be used to evaluate CVD risk in advanced aged, obese patients.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Obesity is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. Obesity increases maternal complications such as preeclampsia, caesarean rate, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes after pregnancy; and neonatal complications including macrosomia, hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, delivery trauma, shoulder dystocia, and adult-onset obesity, and diabetes. Obese patients have lower serum AMH levels.What the results of this study add? A significant relationship between AMH levels and CVD risk in obese pregnant women was observed.What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Based on this finding, we concluded that decreased AMH levels are predictive for CVD in obese pregnant women.
Certification of Coroners cases by pathologists would improve the completeness of death registration in Jamaica.; OBJECTIVES: Describe the completeness and quality of Jamaica's 2008 vital registration mortality database. STUDY DESIGN AND SETTING: Multiple sources (hospitals, police, forensic pathologists, Coroners courts) were used to validate deaths registered as occurring in 2008. A 10% random sample was examined to evaluate the quality of certification and coding. Jamaica, a middle-income country of 2.7 million, began vital registration in 1877; however, the mortality database was considered of limited use, and the study was commissioned to understand the problem. RESULTS: Of 19,286 deaths identified, 76% were registered by 31.12.2009 for inclusion among 2008 demographic returns. Registration was highest among deaths not requiring autopsy (94%) and lowest among Coroners cases (22%) with only 41% of deaths among 15-44 year-olds registered. The leading causes of death were cerebrovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and homicide. Fifteen percent were coded to ill-defined causes of death. Recoding the sample increased mortality from prematurity, pregnancy complications, homicide, selected cardiovascular disorders, and human immunodeficiency virus/AIDS. CONCLUSION: Delays registering Coroners cases, certification and coding errors, introduced biases into the disease profile limiting the data's value in informing clinical care. Issuance of medical certificates by pathologists who investigate Coroners cases and training physicians and coders would eliminate most underreporting and improve data quality.
Urinary Nephrin and Podocalyxin Levels as Predictors of Pre-eclampsia in High-Risk Pregnant Women.; INTRODUCTION: Pre-eclampsia (PE) is characterized by new-onset hypertension and proteinuria. Damage of podocyte cells has been reported in pre-eclamptic women, thus podocyte specific proteins such as nephrin and podocalyxin could be useful biomarkers in PE. AIM: To investigate the role of urinary nephrin (u-nephrin) and urinary podocalyxin (u-PDX) levels in predicting PE in women with a high-risk pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We included 101 pregnant women in this study and allocated them into three groups: group 1 included pregnant women at high risk of developing PE (n=41), group 2 - pregnant women with PE (n=30), and group 3 was the controls including healthy pregnant women (n=30). The inclusion criteria for women with PE were de novo hypertension >140/90 mm Hg, proteinuria >300 mg/24 hours, and presence of edema after 20 weeks of gestation, while the exclusion criteria were a history of renal diseases and pregnant women younger than 18. Inclusion criteria for the group of women with a high-risk pregnancy was gestational week >15, a history of PE in a previous pregnancy, pre-existing diabetes type 1 or 2, pre-existing hypertension, multiple gestations, prior placental abruption, obesity women, nulliparity, maternal age >35 years, and a family history of PE. The study was conducted from March 2016 to May 2017 in the Medical Faculty at the Institute of Medical and Experimental Biochemistry in Skopje. Urine samples were used to measure the nephrin and podocalyxin levels using immunoenzyme assay, creatinine and microalbumin. Blood samples were collected for biochemical analyses. RESULTS: U-nephrin levels were elevated in 96.7% of women with PE, and 73% of women with a high-risk pregnancy. U-PDX levels were elevated in 63% of the women with PE and 100% of the women with a high-risk pregnancy. U-nephrin and u-PDX levels were significantly increased in women with a high-risk pregnancy and women with PE compared with a control group (p.
Obesity in women: anaesthetic implications for peri-operative and peripartum management.; The prevalence, healthcare and socio-economic impact of obesity (defined as having a body mass index of ≥ 30 kg.m(-2) ) are disproportionately higher in women than men. A combination of biological and social factors, including the adaptation of energy homeostasis to the increased demands of pregnancy and lactation and poor access to healthy foods or exercise facilities, contribute to the increasing prevalence of obesity in women. Obesity-related physiological changes stem from mass loading and increased metabolism of adipose tissue, as well as secretion of bioactive substances from adipocytes leading to chronic low-grade inflammation. As a result, obesity is associated with increased risks of: infertility; malignancy; sleep-disordered breathing; cardiovascular disease; diabetes; and thromboembolism. Hence, obese women are at markedly increased risk of peri-operative morbidity and mortality and require comprehensive evaluation and targeted comorbidity optimisation by a multidisciplinary team. In addition to routine obstetric challenges, pregnancy in women with obesity further exacerbates the above risks, making multidisciplinary management starting at pre-conception even more important. Weight loss, lifestyle management and optimisation of comorbidity are the cornerstone of reducing obesity-related risks. The anaesthetist plays a vital role within the multidisciplinary team by emphasising weight loss as part of pre-operative comorbidity optimisation, formulation of individualised peri-operative management plans, supervising postoperative care in the high dependency or intensive care settings and providing safe labour analgesia and careful peripartum management for obese parturients.
Altered expression and localization of synaptophysin in developing cerebellar cortex of neonatal rats due to maternal diabetes mellitus.; There is sufficient evidence that diabetes during pregnancy is associated with a higher risk of neurodevelopmental anomalies including learning deficits, behavioral problems and motor dysfunctions in the offspring. Synaptophysin (SYP) is an integral membrane protein of synaptic vesicles and is considered as a marker for synaptogenesis and synaptic density. This study aimed to examine the effects of maternal diabetes in pregnancy on the expression and localization of SYP in the developing rat cerebellum. Wistar female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition and male offspring was euthanized at postnatal day (P) 0, 7, and 14. The results revealed a significant down-regulation in the mRNA expression of SYP in the offspring born to diabetic animals at both P7 and P14 (P < 0.05 each). One week after birth, there was a significant reduction in the localization of SYP expression in the external granular (EGL) and in the molecular (ML) layers of neonates born to diabetic animals (P < 0.05 each). We also found a marked decrease in the expression of SYP in all of the cerebellar cortical layers of STZ-D group pups at P14 (P < 0.05 each). Moreover, our results revealed no significant changes in either expression or localization of SYP in insulin-treated group pups when compared with the controls (P ≥ 0.05 each). The present study demonstrated that maternal diabetes has adverse effects on the synaptogenesis in the offspring's cerebellum. Furthermore, the rigid maternal blood glucose control in the most cases normalized these negative impacts.
Health and medical research down under in 2002.; The first part of this report on the Australian Health and Medical Research Congress, held November 25-29, 2002, in Melbourne, Australia, considers some of the symposia and three plenary lectures: Neurosteroids: Nature's Valium, G-Protein-Coupled Receptors and the Mike Rand Memorial Lecture. In the new era in relaxin research symposium, we learned that relaxin is a general antifibrotic agent rather than just a hormone of pregnancy. The drugs discussed in the drug discovery symposium included drugs from natural products, allosteric modulators, antibodies to cytokines and AM-336, an N-type Ca(2+) channel blocker. In the matrix proteases symposium, we learned of the importance of these enzymes in bone, endometrial remodeling and cardiovascular disease. The emphasis of the cytokine antagonist symposium was the involvement of cytokines in rheumatoid arthritis and how these effects could be inhibited with cytokine antagonists. The second part of this report is on the cardiovascular components of the meeting. One of the major strengths of Australian research is the cardiovascular area. Thus, it was not surprising that there were three major symposia with a cardiovascular theme this congress. Although the clinical trials of the NHE1 inhibitors in ischemia and reperfusion have been disappointing to date, evidence was presented in the sodium-hydrogen exchanger symposium that these agents might be beneficial in hypertrophy and heart failure. The discussion in the vessel wall biology in diabetes symposium ranged from molecular aspects to clinical trials. In this, and the NAD(P)H oxidases symposium, many new potential drug targets were discussed. The plenary lecture of the High Blood Pressure Research Council concerned the pathophysiology and management of obesity hypertension, and included a discussion of the drugs for weight reduction.
Do Mass Spectrometry-Derived Metabolomics Improve the Prediction of Pregnancy-Related Disorders? Findings from a UK Birth Cohort with Independent Validation.; Many women who experience gestational diabetes (GDM), gestational hypertension (GHT), pre-eclampsia (PE), have a spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB) or have an offspring born small/large for gestational age (SGA/LGA) do not meet the criteria for high-risk pregnancies based upon certain maternal risk factors. Tools that better predict these outcomes are needed to tailor antenatal care to risk. Recent studies have suggested that metabolomics may improve the prediction of these pregnancy-related disorders. These have largely been based on targeted platforms or focused on a single pregnancy outcome. The aim of this study was to assess the predictive ability of an untargeted platform of over 700 metabolites to predict the above pregnancy-related disorders in two cohorts. We used data collected from women in the Born in Bradford study (BiB; two sub-samples, n = 2000 and n = 1000) and the Pregnancy Outcome Prediction study (POPs; n = 827) to train, test and validate prediction models for GDM, PE, GHT, SGA, LGA and sPTB. We compared the predictive performance of three models: (1) risk factors (maternal age, pregnancy smoking, BMI, ethnicity and parity) (2) mass spectrometry (MS)-derived metabolites (n = 718 quantified metabolites, collected at 26-28 weeks' gestation) and (3) combined risk factors and metabolites. We used BiB for the training and testing of the models and POPs for independent validation. In both cohorts, discrimination for GDM, PE, LGA and SGA improved with the addition of metabolites to the risk factor model. The models' area under the curve (AUC) were similar for both cohorts, with good discrimination for GDM (AUC (95% CI) BiB 0.76 (0.71, 0.81) and POPs 0.76 (0.72, 0.81)) and LGA (BiB 0.86 (0.80, 0.91) and POPs 0.76 (0.60, 0.92)). Discrimination was improved for the combined models (compared to the risk factors models) for PE and SGA, with modest discrimination in both studies (PE-BiB 0.68 (0.58, 0.78) and POPs 0.66 (0.60, 0.71); SGA-BiB 0.68 (0.63, 0.74) and POPs 0.64 (0.59, 0.69)). Prediction for sPTB was poor in BiB and POPs for all models. In BiB, calibration for the combined models was good for GDM, LGA and SGA. Retained predictors include 4-hydroxyglutamate for GDM, LGA and PE and glycerol for GDM and PE. MS-derived metabolomics combined with maternal risk factors improves the prediction of GDM, PE, LGA and SGA, with good discrimination for GDM and LGA. Validation across two very different cohorts supports further investigation on whether the metabolites reflect novel causal paths to GDM and LGA.
Environmental influences on health and development: nutrition, substance exposure, and adverse childhood experiences.; Scientific advances over the last century have generated compelling evidence of the primary and secondary effects of gestational, infant, and childhood conditions. These early environmental influences have the potential not only to impact an individual's health outcomes, such as heart disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancer, but also to confer various protections and risks to that individual's descendants. The immediate and extended ramifications of early environmental exposure bring an understanding of epidemiological impact on disease states and a hope for prevention. This review highlights the contributions of several key population studies and briefly explores specific environmental influences, including nutritional deficiencies, exposure to substances and infections, and adverse childhood experiences. Mechanisms of these influences (e.g. stress and epigenetics) are discussed, as well as possible means of mitigating their negative consequences. WHAT THIS PAPER ADDS: Substance exposures in utero are associated with epigenetic changes and negative outcomes. Adverse childhood experiences in early childhood can induce HPA and epigenetic changes.
Investigating whether adverse prenatal and perinatal events are associated with non-clinical psychotic symptoms at age 12 years in the ALSPAC birth cohort.; BACKGROUND: Non-clinical psychosis-like symptoms (PLIKS) occur in about 15% of the population. It is not clear whether adverse events during early development alter the risk of developing PLIKS. We aimed to examine whether maternal infection, diabetes or pre-eclampsia during pregnancy, gestational age, perinatal cardiopulmonary resuscitation or 5-min Apgar score were associated with development of psychotic symptoms during early adolescence. METHOD: A longitudinal study of 6356 12-year-old adolescents who completed a semi-structured interview for psychotic symptoms in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC) birth cohort. Prenatal and perinatal data were obtained from obstetric records and maternal questionnaires completed during pregnancy. RESULTS: The presence of definite psychotic symptoms was associated with maternal infection during pregnancy [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.11-1.86, p=0.006], maternal diabetes (adjusted OR 3.43, 95% CI 1.14-10.36, p=0.029), need for resuscitation (adjusted OR 1.50, 95% CI 0.97-2.31, p=0.065) and 5-min Apgar score (adjusted OR per unit decrease 1.30, 95% CI 1.12-1.50, p<0.001). None of these associations were mediated by childhood IQ score. Most associations persisted, but were less strong, when including suspected symptoms as part of the outcome. There was no association between PLIKS and gestational age or pre-eclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Adverse events during early development may lead to an increased risk of developing PLIKS. Although the status of PLIKS in relation to clinical disorders such as schizophrenia is not clear, the similarity between these results and findings reported for schizophrenia indicates that future studies of PLIKS may help us to understand how psychotic experiences and clinical disorders develop throughout the life-course.
Right Ventricular Function and Region-Specific Adaptation in Athletes Engaged in High-Dynamic Sports: A Meta-Analysis.; BACKGROUND: Structural remodeling of the right ventricle (RV) is widely documented in athletes. However, functional adaptation, including RV pressure generation and systolic free-wall longitudinal mechanics, remains equivocal. This meta-analysis compared RV pressure and function in athletes and controls. METHODS: A systematic review of online databases was conducted up to June 4, 2020. Meta-analyses were performed on RV systolic pressures, at rest and during exercise, tricuspid annular plane systolic displacement, myocardial velocity (S'), and global and regional longitudinal strain. Bias was assessed using Egger regression for asymmetry. Data were analyzed using random-effects models with weighted mean difference and 95% CI. RESULTS: Fifty-three studies were eligible for inclusion. RV systolic pressure was obtained from 21 studies at rest (n=1043:1651; controls:athletes) and 8 studies during exercise (n=240:495) and was significantly greater in athletes at rest (weighted mean difference, 2.9 mmHg [CI, 1.3-4.5 mmHg]; P=0.0005) and during exercise (11.0 [6.5-15.6 mm Hg]; P<0.0001) versus controls. Resting tricuspid annular plane systolic displacement (P<0.0001) and S' (P=0.001) were greater in athletes. In contrast, athletes had similar RV free-wall longitudinal strain (17 studies; n=450:605), compared with controls but showed greater longitudinal apical strain (16 studies; n=455:669; 0.9%, 0.1%-1.8%; P=0.03) and lower basal strain (-2.5% [-1.4 to -3.5%]; P<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Functional RV adaptation, characterized by increased tricuspid annular displacement and velocity and a greater base-to-apex strain gradient, is a normal feature of the athlete's heart, together with a slightly elevated RV systolic pressure. These findings contribute to our understanding of RV in athletes and highlight the importance of considering RV function in combination with structure in the clinical interpretation of the athlete's heart.
Clinical and hemodynamic insights into the use of internal iliac artery balloon occlusion as a prophylactic technique for treating postpartum hemorrhage.; Recently, the effectiveness of internal iliac artery balloon occlusion (IIABO) for treating postpartum hemorrhage caused by pernicious placenta previa (PPP) has been questioned. We conducted a retrospective analysis and hemodynamic simulation to assess the IIABO's effectiveness. The retrospective analysis involved 480 patients with PPP, among which 288 underwent IIABO treatment and the remaining 192 were used as controls. Blood loss and preoperative indicators were recorded, and multiple regression analysis was applied to test the effect of preoperative indicators on blood loss. Hemorrhage mechanisms were simulated using a numerical model. Results suggested that no significant difference in blood loss (1836 ± 1440 ml vs. 1784 ± 1647 ml, p = 0.22) was observed between the two groups. In addition, preoperative indicators, including age, weight, gestational age, gravidity, parity, blood type, anemia, or diabetes, were not associated with blood loss. In the simulation, after the intra-iliac artery was blocked, blood loss was caused by a reversed flow in the intrapelvic arteries, uterine veins, and uterine venules. The ratio of the time-averaged hemorrhage velocity (TAHV) in the balloon group to that in the control group was lower than that obtained in a clinical study (13.0% vs. 88.9%); in the presence of collateral circulation, blood loss occurred from collateral circulation and uterine venules after IIABO intervention, and the TAHV was 60%-90% that of the control group, which was closer to the clinical results (88.9%). These results suggest that IIABO cannot effectively treat postpartum hemorrhage because of the collateral circulation and reversed flow in the uterine venules.
Socioeconomic factors relating to diabetes and its management in India.; Diabetes is an escalating problem in India and has major socioeconomic dimensions. Rapid dietary changes coupled with decreased levels of physical activity have resulted in increases in obesity and diabetes in rural and semi-urban areas, as well as in urban-based people living in resettlement colonies. Increasing risk has also been recorded in those who suffered from poor childhood nutrition and in rural-to-urban migrants. Social inequity manifests in disparities in socioeconomic status (SES), place of residence, education, gender, and level of awareness and affects prevention, care, and management. All these population subsets have major socioeconomic challenges: low levels of awareness regarding diabetes and prevention, inadequate resources, insufficient allotment of healthcare budgets, and lack of medical reimbursement. Unawareness and delays in seeking medical help lead to complications, resulting in many-fold increased costs in diabetes care. These costs plunge individuals and households into a vicious cycle of further economic hardship, inadequate management, and premature mortality, resulting in more economic losses. At the societal level, these are massive losses to national productivity and the exchequer. Overall, there is an immediate need to strengthen the healthcare delivery system to generate awareness and for the prevention, early detection, cost-effective management, and rehabilitation of patients with diabetes, with a focus on people belonging to the lower SES and women (with a particular focus on nutrition before and during pregnancy). Because of an enhanced awareness campaign spearheaded through the National Program on Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease, Cancer, Diabetes and Stroke (NCPCDS) initiated by Government of India, it is likely that the level of awareness and early detection of diabetes may increase.
Ontogeny of circulating lipid metabolism in pregnancy and early childhood - a longitudinal population study.; BACKGROUND: There is mounting evidence that in utero and early life exposures may predispose an individual to metabolic disorders in later life; and dysregulation of lipid metabolism is critical in such outcomes. However, there is limited knowledge about lipid metabolism and factors causing lipid dysregulation in early life that could result in adverse health outcomes in later life. We studied the effect of antenatal factors such as gestational age, birth weight, and mode of birth on lipid metabolism at birth; changes in the circulating lipidome in the first 4 years of life and the effect of breastfeeding in the first year of life. From this study, we aim to generate a framework for deeper understanding into factors effecting lipid metabolism in early life, to provide early interventions for those at risk of developing metabolic disorders including cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: We performed comprehensive lipid profiling of 1074 mother-child dyads in the Barwon Infant Study (BIS), a population-based pre-birth cohort and measured 776 distinct lipid features across 39 lipid classes using ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). We measured lipids in 1032 maternal serum samples at 28 weeks' gestation, 893 cord serum samples at birth, 793, 735, and 511 plasma samples at 6, 12 months, and 4 years, respectively. Cord serum was enriched with long chain poly-unsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs), and corresponding cholesteryl esters relative to the maternal serum. We performed regression analyses to investigate the associations of cord serum lipid species with antenatal factors: gestational age, birth weight, mode of birth and duration of labour. RESULTS: The lipidome differed between mother and newborn and changed markedly with increasing child's age. Alkenylphosphatidylethanolamine species containing LC-PUFAs increased with child's age, whereas the corresponding lysophospholipids and triglycerides decreased. Majority of the cord serum lipids were strongly associated with gestational age and birth weight, with most lipids showing opposing associations. Each mode of birth showed an independent association with cord serum lipids. Breastfeeding had a significant impact on the plasma lipidome in the first year of life, with up to 17-fold increases in a few species of alkyldiaclylglycerols at 6 months of age. CONCLUSIONS: This study sheds light on lipid metabolism in infancy and early childhood and provide a framework to define the relationship between lipid metabolism and health outcomes in early childhood. FUNDING: This work was supported by the A*STAR-NHMRC joint call funding (1711624031).
A review and critique of modelling in prioritising and designing screening programmes.; OBJECTIVES: To undertake a structured review and critical appraisal of methods for the model-based cost-utility analysis of screening programmes. Also to develop guidelines and an assessment checklist of good practice in the development of screening models. DATA SOURCES: Major electronic databases of healthcare and operational research literatures were searched up to June 2003. REVIEW METHODS: Searches of the literature were undertaken to identify applied and methodological studies of economic evaluations of healthcare screening programmes. All applied screening models were also reviewed in three broad disease areas (cancer, cardiovascular disease and diabetes), as well as antenatal screening. A second-level review focused on particular aspects of the modelling process through case study assessments of screening models for three specific disease areas (colorectal cancer, abdominal aortic aneurysms and antenatal screening for haemoglobinopathies). A separate literature review of studies reporting the utility effects of screening was also undertaken. Guidelines and an assessment checklist for good practice for screening modelling were developed. RESULTS: Few relevant methodological studies were identified, and no studies reporting direct empirical comparisons of alternative methodologies were retrieved. From the review of disease-based screening models, it was apparent that many alternative modelling methods had been applied, including some relatively new approaches that had not been widely disseminated. Natural history modelling is the preferred approach. Alternative modelling approaches were generally only used to extrapolate the observed effects of screening and were unsuitable for evaluating unobserved screening options. More complex model structures may incorporate important additional aspects of the disease natural history, although any benefits should outweigh the consequences of additional unobservable input parameters and increased complexity in implementing the model. No direct comparisons of more detailed and less detailed screening model structures informed areas in which more realistic representations of the disease process may be most beneficial, so only general aspects of good practice could be defined. Two structural aspects that were not well handled by existing screening models included post-diagnosis disease progression and screening uptake. Most models described the former using historical mortality rates, rather than treatment models that are representative of current treatment patterns for different stages of the disease. Constant screening uptake rates were applied to all screening programmes and attendance was not linked to disease incidence or progression. Evidence exists to inform a more detailed representation of screening uptake. The most commonly applied modelling techniques were cohort Markov models and individual sampling simulation models. Individual sampling simulation models may provide more flexibility in their representation of a screening decision problem, but any benefits should outweigh the consequences of the need to assess both variability and uncertainty. Complex mathematical models describing input parameters as continuous variables have analysed the cost-effectiveness of screening; these require further development to estimate the cost-utility of screening directly, or to inform a more detailed representation of the preclinical section of a natural history model (with a traditional state-based model describing pathways' post-clinical presentation). Calibration is a common aspect of screening models, whereby models are fitted to observed data describing outputs of the model in order to populate unobserved input parameters. The review concluded that the estimation of a reference case input parameter set is not recommended. CONCLUSIONS: The review of methods for the model-based cost-utility analysis of screening programmes identified the natural history modelling approach as the preferred general method of evaluation for screening programmes. State transition models have generally been used to represent disease natural histories, with individual sampling models more prevalent than in treatment intervention evaluations. No comparative methodological studies were identified, so no empirical data were available to inform the relative merits of alternative methodologies. The defined guidelines and assessment checklist are informed, therefore, by theoretical interpretations of the impact of alternative approaches to different components of the modelling process when applied to the cost-utility analysis of screening programmes. Further research is needed into methods with the potential to improve the accuracy of screening models, and to respond to the needs of model users.
Consequences of fetal programming for cardiovascular disease in adulthood.; This Spotlight Issue of Microcirculation contains six current perspectives on the role of the intrauterine environment, especially maternal nutritional status and maternal diabetes, in influencing fetal growth and cardiovascular health in the offspring in later life. The reviews address issues such as the existence of a commonality of mechanism following both under-nutritional and over-nutritional states in utero; alterations in the placental fetal microcirculation in response to maternal and fetal changes; transmission of metabolic or nutritional perturbations affecting fetal endogenous antioxidant defense pathways; the presence of a disadvantageous microvascular phenotype resulting from perinatal priming; interactions between developmental programming and genetic variation in noncommunicable adult diseases such as hypertension and hypercholesterolemia; and unresolved questions on the independency and causal mechanisms for low birth weight/intrauterine growth restriction and the risk of developing the metabolic syndrome. These timely reviews highlight the accumulating evidence that changes in the intrauterine environment have pronounced effects on vascular function in the offspring whether due to maternal diabetes or altered maternal nutritional status or fetal and perinatal overnutrition.
[Stratification of cardiovascular risk in women: Optimize the medical care].; Cardiovascular diseases are become the primary cause of death in women. The cardiovascular risk of the woman has unknown specificities and remains underestimated. At equal age, women have more cardio vascular risk factors than men. All these specificities must be taken into account for an optimized evaluation of cardiovascular risk and for improvement of CV management in women. Some traditional risk factors are more deleterious in women such as hypertension, tobacco, diabetes or psycho-social stress and they are less well controlled compared to men. Women are also exposed to hormonal risk factors (contraception, pregnancy and menopause) or to emergent risk situations (migraine with aura, endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, auto-immune diseases…). Conversely, lifestyle measures (regular physical activity, no smoking, healthy diet, stress management) are extremely effective in primary and secondary prevention in women. Predicting the risk of cardiovascular events in women is difficult because the classic risk scores (SCORE, Framingham…) do not take into account hormonal CV specificities and underestimate the women CV risk. Until then, only the specific women AHA stratification of CVR allowed for appropriate care for them. Recently, at the initiative of the French Society of hypertension, a consensus of experts proposed a stratification of CVR adapted to French women, to help practitioners in their care, especially for the two hormonal periods as contraception and menopause.
Oral corticosteroids during pregnancy and offspring risk of congenital heart defects: a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Pre-pregnancy diabetes is a strong risk factor for congenital heart defects (CHDs), suggesting a role for glucose in the causal pathway. Oral corticosteroids may cause hyperglycemia and maternal use could affect embryonic heart development. The objective of this study was to determine the association between maternal intake of oral corticosteroids 0-8 weeks after conception and CHDs in offspring. METHODS: A register-based nationwide prevalence study including all live singleton births in Denmark, 1996-2016, was conducted. In total, 1 194 687 individuals and their mothers were identified and linked with information on offspring CHDs and the mothers' use of oral corticosteroids in early pregnancy. Corticosteroid use was defined as a filled prescription for maternal use of oral corticosteroid 0-8 weeks after conception. CHDs were identified through International Classification of Diseases codes. The association was estimated by prevalence (odds) ratios using logistic regression and propensity score-matched analyses. RESULTS: Among 1 194 687 live births, 2032 had a mother who had used oral corticosteroids 0-8 weeks from conception. Of these offspring, 32 had a heart defect. Among the offspring of never-users of oral corticosteroids, 10 534 had a heart defect. The adjusted prevalence ratio was 1.29 (95% confidence interval, 0.90-1.84) comparing offspring prevalence of heart defects in oral corticosteroid users with that in oral corticosteroid never-users. Propensity score-matched analysis yielded similar results (prevalence ratio 1.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.95-2.02). CONCLUSIONS: This study supports that there is no association between maternal use of oral corticosteroids in the first 8 weeks after conception and CHDs.
Renal deficit and associated factors in children born with low birth weight.; INTRODUCTION: Kidney problems may be due to low birth weight alone or may occur in association with other conditions. The objective this study was to evaluate the association between maternal and birth characteristics, anthropometric measurements, and kidney function deficit in low birth weight infants. METHODS: Cross-sectional study with children who were born weighing < 2500 grams and were under outpatient follow-up. Maternal factors investigated were prenatal care and presence of hypertension, diabetes, and infection during pregnancy. The children's variables were sex, gestational age, birth weight, Apgar score, use of nephrotoxic medications, age, body weight at the time of evaluation, height, and serum creatinine and cystatin C dosages. The glomerular filtration rate (GFR) was estimated with the combined Zapittelli equation. Multivariate logistic regression model was used for identification of associated factors, with renal function deficit (GFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2) as the dependent variable. RESULTS: Of the 154 children evaluated, 34.42% had kidney function deficit. Most of them had a gestational age > 32 weeks (56.6%), a mean birth weight of 1439.7 grams, and mean estimated GFR of 46.9 ± 9.3 mL/min/1.73 m2. There was a significant association of GFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 with children's current weight and use of nephrotoxic drugs. DISCUSSION: Children born with low birth weight had a high prevalence of kidney function deficit and current normal weight was a protective factor while the use of nephrotoxic drugs during perinatal period increased the chance of kidney deficit. These findings reinforce the need to evaluate the kidney function in these children, especially those who use nephrotoxic drugs.
MANAGEMENT OF ENDOCRINE DISEASE: Management of Cushing's syndrome during pregnancy: solved and unsolved questions.; With fewer than 200 reported cases, Cushing's syndrome (CS) in pregnancy remains a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge. In normal pregnancies, misleading signs may be observed such as striae or hypokalemia, while plasma cortisol and urinary free cortisol may rise up to 2- to 3-fold. While the dexamethasone suppression test is difficult to use, reference values for salivary cortisol appear valid. Apart from gestational hypertension, differential diagnosis includes pheochromocytoma and primary aldosteronism. The predominant cause is adrenal adenoma (sometimes without decreased ACTH), rather than Cushing's disease. There are considerable imaging pitfalls in Cushing's disease. Aberrant receptors may, in rare cases, lead to increased cortisol production during pregnancy in response to HCG, LHRH, glucagon, vasopressin or after a meal. Adrenocortical carcinoma (ACC) is rare and has poor prognosis. Active CS during pregnancy is associated with a high rate of maternal complications: hypertension or preeclampsia, diabetes, fractures; more rarely, cardiac failure, psychiatric disorders, infection and maternal death. Increased fetal morbidity includes prematurity, intrauterine growth retardation and less prevalently stillbirth, spontaneous abortion, intrauterine death and hypoadrenalism. Therapy is also challenging. Milder cases can be managed conservatively by controlling comorbidities. Pituitary or adrenal surgery should ideally be performed during the second trimester and patients should then be treated for adrenal insufficiency. Experience with anticortisolic drugs is limited. Metyrapone was found to allow control of hypercortisolism, with a risk of worsening hypertension. Cabergoline may be an alternative option. The use of other drugs is not advised because of potential teratogenicity and/or lack of information. Non-hormonal (mechanical) contraception is recommended until sustained biological remission is obtained.
Should delivery timing for repeat cesarean be reconsidered based on dating criteria?; PURPOSE: We sought to examine if the method of pregnancy dating at five increasing term gestational ages is associated with increasing neonatal morbidity. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A cohort of women who underwent elective repeat cesarean delivery at ≥37 weeks' gestation were identified from the NICHD MFMU Network registry. We excluded women who were in labor, those carrying a fetus with a congenital anomaly, those with a non-reassuring fetal heart tracing, and those with preeclampsia, preexisting chronic hypertension or diabetes. Composite neonatal morbidity was defined for our study as any of the following: NICU admission, hypotonia, meconium aspiration, seizures, need for ventilator support, NEC, RDS, TTN, hypoglycemia, or neonatal death. We compared composite neonatal morbidity rates among infants born at five different gestational age cutoffs according to their method of pregnancy dating. RESULTS: At 39 and 40 weeks' gestation, the lowest rate of neonatal complications was seen in pregnancies dated by first trimester ultrasound (5.8% and 5.5%, respectively), while those with the highest neonatal morbidity rates were seen when dated by a second or third trimester ultrasound (8.1% and 6.0%, respectively); p < .001. Additionally within each pregnancy dating category, the neonatal morbidity rates declined from 37 to 40 weeks' gestation and then significantly increased at 41 + 0 weeks' gestation. CONCLUSION: Even with suboptimal dating methods, amongst women undergoing elective repeat cesarean delivery, neonatal morbidity was lowest when delivery occurred between 40 and 40 + 6 weeks gestation.
The maternal endocrine environment in the low-protein model of intra-uterine growth restriction.; Many adult diseases, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease, are related to low birth weight. The mechanistic basis of this relationship is not known. To investigate the role of fetal undernutrition, we used a rat model of maternal protein restriction in which dams were fed a diet containing 80 g protein/kg (v. 200 g/kg in the control group) throughout gestation and lactation. Offspring were born smaller than controls and in adulthood developed diabetes, hyperinsulinaemia and tissue insulin resistance. To determine possible mechanisms of fetal programming, circulating levels of several hormones were measured in maternal plasma at gestational days 14, 17 and 21 and fetal plasma at gestational day 21. Several differences were noted at day 14, when glucose concentrations in maternal and feto-placental blood were raised significantly (P=0.04 and P=0.0001 respectively); insulin levels in the low-protein (LP) dams were raised (P=0.04), prolactin levels were raised (P=0.047) and progesterone levels were reduced (P=0.02). Circulating 17beta-oestradiol in the LP dams was raised by 35 % over those of the controls from day 17 to day 21 (P=0.008). A significant decrease in maternal leptin levels (P=0.004) was observed at gestation on day 21. Neither oestradiol nor leptin levels were altered in the fetal circulation at day 21. Maternal and fetal corticosterone levels were comparable with control levels, suggesting that they do not initiate the programming effects in this model. Our present results suggest that maternal protein restriction imposes changes in maternal levels of glucose, insulin, prolactin, progesterone, oestradiol and leptin; these changes could influence the programming of eventual adult disease in the developing fetus.
Retinal Microvascular Abnormalities in Children with Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus Without Visual Impairment or Diabetic Retinopathy.; PURPOSE: To study the characteristics and associated factors of retinal microvascular abnormalities in children with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) without visual impairment and diabetic retinopathy (DR). METHODS: Case-control hospital-based study including children with or without DM. Optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA; CIRRUS HD-OCT model 5000) was used to scan 6 × 6 mm square area of posterior retina and optic disc. The indexes analyzed mainly included vascular length density (VD), perfusion density (PD), and foveal avascular zone area, perimeter, and morphology. Independent risk factors were analyzed by multifactor linear regression. RESULTS: A total of 47 children with T1DM and 44 healthy subjects were enrolled. Statistical analysis showed that VD within 1 to 3 mm (inner ring) of the macula in the case group was smaller than that in the control group (18.561 ± 1.151/mm: 19.161 ± 0.464/mm; P< 0.001), and mother's excessive weight gain during pregnancy was an independent factor (P = 0.004); VD within 3 to 6 mm (outer ring) of the macula in the case group was smaller than that in the control group (19.044 ± 0.847/mm; 19.404 ± 0.496/mm, P = 0.029), while serum creatinine level was revealed to be an independent factor (P = 0.009); PD within 3 to 6 mm of the macula in the case group was higher than that in the control group (0.456 ± 0.015: 0.442 ± 0.030) (P = 0.003), with no independent factor observed in regression analysis. CONCLUSION: Retinal microvasculopathy had already occurred in the parafoveal area of diabetic children without visual impairment and DR; early screening and close follow-up were recommended for children with high-risk factors.
Exploring potential impacts of pregnancy-related maternal immune activation and extracellular vesicles on immune alterations observed in autism spectrum disorder.; Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) is a set of neurodevelopmental disorders usually observed in early life, with impacts on behavioral and social skills. Incidence of ASD has been dramatically increasing worldwide, possibly due to increase in awareness/diagnosis as well as to genetic and environmental triggers. Currently, it is estimated that ∼1% of the world population presents ASD symptoms. In addition to its genetic background, environmental and immune-related factors also influence the ASD etiology. In this context, maternal immune activation (MIA) has recently been suggested as a component potentially involved in ASD development. In addition, extracellular vesicles (EVs) are abundant at the maternal-fetal interface and are actively involved in the immunoregulation required for a healthy pregnancy. Considering that alterations in concentration and content of EVs have also been associated with ASD, this article raises a debate about the potential roles of EVs in the processes surrounding MIA. This represents the major differential of the present review compared to other ASD studies. To support the suggested correlations and hypotheses, findings regarding the roles of EVs during pregnancy and potential influences on ASD are discussed, along with a review and update concerning the participation of infections, cytokine unbalances, overweight and obesity, maternal anti-fetal brain antibodies, maternal fever, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, labor type and microbiota unbalances in MIA and ASD.
Association between number of children and carotid intima-media thickness in Bangladesh.; Previous studies on the association between number of children and carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) were limited to Western populations. Pregnancy in women is associated with physiologic changes that may influence the risk of cardiovascular disease. Comparing the association between number of children and cIMT in men and women can provide insights on whether the association may be due to pregnancy. We investigated the association between number of children and cIMT among 718 female (mean age 37.5 years) and 417 male participants (mean age 41.3 years), randomly selected from the Health Effect of Arsenic Longitudinal Study (HEALS), a population-based cohort study in Bangladesh. Multivariate linear regression was used to assess the association and to control for education attainment, history of diabetes, age, smoking, betel use, BMI, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure. The average number of children was 4.43 for women and 3.74 for men. There were no nulliparous women. We observed a positive association between number of children and cIMT in women. Mean cIMT increased by 4.5 μm (95% CI, 0.8-8.1) per increment of one birth (P = 0.02). Compared to women with two children, cIMT in women with 4 children and ≥5 children was 23.6μm (95%CI, 2.6-44.7; P = 0.03) and 25.1 μm (95%CI, 3.5-46.6; P = 0.02) greater, respectively. The association was not modified by BMI, SBP, betel use or age. Data in men showed no evidence of association (P = 0.4). The finding suggests a role of high parity in atherosclerosis in women of a low-income, high parity population.
Risk factors for neonatal hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy and therapeutic hypothermia: a matched case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Peripartum asphyxia is one of the main causes of neonatal morbidity and mortality. In moderate and severe cases of asphyxia, a condition called hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) and associated permanent neurological morbidities may follow. Due to the multifactorial etiology of asphyxia, it may be difficult prevent, but in term neonates, therapeutic cooling can be used to prevent or reduce permanent brain damage. The aim of this study was to assess the significance of different antenatal and delivery related risk factors for moderate and severe HIE and the need for therapeutic hypothermia. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective matched case-control study in Helsinki University area hospitals during 2013-2017. Newborn singletons with moderate or severe HIE and the need for therapeutic hypothermia were included. They were identified from the hospital database using ICD-codes P91.00, P91.01 and P91.02. For every newborn with the need for therapeutic hypothermia the consecutive term singleton newborn matched by gender, fetal presentation, delivery hospital, and the mode of delivery was selected as a control. Odds ratios (OR) between obstetric and delivery risk factors and the development of HIE were calculated. RESULTS: Eighty-eight cases with matched controls met the inclusion criteria during the study period. Maternal and infant characteristics among cases and controls were similar, but smoking was more common among cases (aOR 1.46, CI 1.14-1.64, p = 0.003). The incidence of preeclampsia, diabetes and intrauterine growth restriction in groups was equal. Induction of labour (aOR 3.08, CI 1.18-8.05, p = 0.02) and obstetric emergencies (aOR 3.51, CI 1.28-9.60, p = 0.015) were more common in the case group. No difference was detected in the duration of the second stage of labour or the delivery analgesia. CONCLUSIONS: Smoking, induction of labour and any obstetric emergency, especially shoulder dystocia, increase the risk for HIE and need for therapeutic hypothermia. The decisions upon induction of labour need to be carefully weighed, since maternal smoking and obstetric emergencies can hardly be controlled by the clinician.
Cardiovascular risk factors among ART-experienced people with HIV in South Africa.; INTRODUCTION: People with HIV (PWH) are at increased risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD). Screening for CVD risk factors is recommended but not routine in South African HIV clinics. We sought to describe the prevalence of CVD risk factors among antiretroviral treatment (ART)-experienced patients in South Africa. METHODS: We performed a prospective, observational cross-sectional study of PWH (>21 years, excluding pregnant women) on ART in South Africa. We interviewed patients regarding CVD risk factors, and obtained two blood pressure (BP) measurements and random/fasting glucose via a point-of-care glucometer. Standardized chart reviews provided individuals' HIV-specific data. We defined hypertension as: self-reported use of antihypertensives or mean systolic BP (SBP) ≥140 mmHg or diastolic BP (DBP) ≥90 mmHg (Stage 1) or SBP ≥160 mmHg or DBP ≥100 mmHg (Stage 2). We defined diabetes as self-reported use of insulin/oral hypoglycaemics or fasting (random) glucose ≥7.0 (≥11.1) mmol. We obtained risk ratios (RR) for hypertension from a multivariable log-binomial regression model, adjusting for age, sex and diabetes. RESULTS: From March 2015 to February 2016, 458 participants enrolled with median age 38 years (interquartile range (IQR) 33 to 44 years) and median CD4 466/μL (IQR 317 to 638/μL); 78% were women. Participants were on ART for a median of four years, with 33% on ART ≥6 years. Almost a quarter (106/458) met the study definition for hypertension, of whom 45/106 (42%) were previously diagnosed, 23/45 (51%) were on medication and 4/23 (17%) were controlled. Eight participants had asymptomatic hypertensive urgency (BP≥180/110 mmHg). Of the 458 participants, 26 (6%) met the study definition for diabetes, half of whom (13/26) were already diagnosed; 11/13 (85%) were on treatment, of whom 4/11 (36%) had normal glucose. Age was the only significant predictor of hypertension (RR, 1.04; 95% CI, 1.03 to 1.06, p < 0.0001) in the multivariable model. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertension and diabetes were prevalent among PWH prescribed ART in South Africa with less than half diagnosed, and still fewer treated and controlled. Hypertension was independently associated with age but not with HIV-specific factors. Screening for and treatment of CVD risk factors could decrease future morbidity and mortality, especially as this population ages.
[Hereditary haemochromatosis].; EPIDEMIOLOGY ADN PHYSIOPATHOLOGY: Hereditary haemochromatosis is the most common genetic disease in France. Its frequency is on average 1 out of 300 French individuals. It is due to excessive dietary iron absorption, leading to accumulation of iron in the body. Mutations of the HFE1 gene are responsible for the majority of the case of haemochromatosis. FROM A CLINICAL POINT OF VIEW: The first clinical manifestations (weakness, sexual dysfunction, arthralgia, cardiac symptoms, dyspnoea on effort) can occur after the age of 30 years in men and 35 years in women (protected for longer by menstruation, pregnancy and delivery). In the absence of diagnosis, severe complications can develop during the 5th decade: nervous breakdown, arthropathy, heart failure, diabetes mellitus, cirrhosis with risk of progression towards carcinoma, responsible for handicaps and premature death. DIAGNOSTIC ELEMENTS: The diagnosis is evoked in the case of an increase in transferrine saturation (>45%), associated or not with excessive ferritin plasma levels. It is confirmed by the genetic test, showing homozygotes for the C282Y mutation or compound heterozygotes for the C282Y and H63D mutations on the HFE1 gene. RMI quantifies hepatic iron loading and generally avoids the need for a liver biopsy. The differential diagnosis must exclude secondary iron overload due to chronic transfusions in congenital or acquired blood diseases, a polymetabolic syndrome, chronic viral or alcoholic hepatic diseases and porphyria cutanea tarda. EFFICIENT TREATMENT: Today, haemochromatosis is still treated by phlebotomy. This consists in withdrawing 400 to 500ml of blood every week at the initial depletion stage and subsequently a maintenance therapy in order to maintain ferritin levels below 50 ng/ml. Paradoxically and through ignorance, hereditary haemochromatosis remains a serious disease, although its diagnosis is easy and the treatment simple and effective.
The Surgical Management of Obesity.; In the United States, more than one-third of the population is obese. Currently, bariatric surgery is the best known treatment for obesity, and multiple meta-analyses have shown bariatric surgery to be more effective for treating obesity than diet and exercise or pharmacologic treatment. The modern era of bariatric surgery began in 2005, which is defined by a drastic increase in the use of laparoscopy. Bariatric surgery has the potential to improve obesity-related comorbidities, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and sleep apnea. The effect of bariatric surgery on weight loss and comorbidities varies by the type of procedure.
Maternal Tdap vaccination: Coverage and acute safety outcomes in the vaccine safety datalink, 2007-2013.; INTRODUCTION: Since October 2012, the combined tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, acellular pertussis vaccine (Tdap) has been recommended in the United States during every pregnancy. METHODS: In this observational study from the Vaccine Safety Datalink, we describe receipt of Tdap during pregnancy among insured women with live births across seven health systems. Using a retrospective matched cohort, we evaluated risks for selected medically attended adverse events in pregnant women, occurring within 42 days of vaccination. Using a generalized estimating equation, we calculated adjusted incident rate ratios (AIRR). RESULTS: Our vaccine coverage cohort included 438,487 live births between January 1, 2007 and November 15, 2013. Across the coverage cohort, 14% received Tdap during pregnancy. By 2013, Tdap was administered during pregnancy in 41.7% of live births, primarily in the 3rd trimester. Our vaccine safety cohort included 53,885 vaccinated and 109,253 matched unvaccinated pregnant women. There was no increased risk for a composite outcome of medically attended acute adverse events within 3 days of vaccination. Similarly, across the safety cohort, over a 42 day window, incident neurologic events, thrombotic events, and new onset proteinuria did not differ by maternal receipt of Tdap. Among women receiving Tdap at 20 weeks gestation or later, as compared to their matched controls, there was no increased risk for gestational diabetes or cardiac events while venous thromboembolic events and thrombocytopenia were diagnosed within 42 days of vaccination at slightly decreased rates. CONCLUSION: Tdap coverage during pregnancy increased from 2007 through 2013, but was still below 50%. No acute maternal safety signals were detected in this large cohort.
[Children with body length deficiency at birth and at risk of growth deficiency since childhood].; Every year a several percent of newborns is affected with deficient body size, in some of these cases can be identified growth disorders, for examples Turner's Syndrome, Noonan Syndrome, idiopathic growth hormone deficiency. Clinical records of such newborns, aimed at monitoring their growth, do not exist so far. Screening for body size deficiencies requires only that the measurements of body length and mass be appropriately performed and this would be much less costly than screenings for congenital metabolic diseases. These recommendations are supported by the fact that in recent decades the risk of growth disorders and/or short stature (body height below -2 SDS upon full skeletal maturity) of children with deficient body size at birth is 5- to 7-fold higher than in those with normal body size relative the time of delivery. Moreover, in the former newborns the risk of behavioural/psychosocial disorders, hypertension, CHD, Type 2 diabetes and several other hormonal disorders were shown to be also higher than in the "normal"-born ones. The number of the so afflicted individuals and costs of potential therapies evidence the indispensability of a widespread detection of deficient body size at birth and a subsequent growth monitoring consisting of measuring body length/height 4 times in the course of the first year of life and twice a year thereafter.
Subclinical hypothyroidism.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Mild or subclinical hypothyroidism is characterized by normal serum free thyroxine concentrations with elevated serum thyroid-stimulating hormone concentrations. Subclinical hypothyroidism is relatively prevalent in the general population, especially among women and the elderly. The main cause of subclinical hypothyroidism is autoimmune chronic thyroiditis. The present report reviews the most important and recent studies on subclinical hypothyroidism, and discusses the most controversial aspects of this topic. RECENT FINDINGS: Several studies have demonstrated that subclinical hypothyroidism may affect both diastolic and systolic cardiac function. It may also worsen many risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, abnormal endothelial function, and elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations. Furthermore, a growing body of evidence suggests that subclinical hypothyroidism may cause symptoms or progress to symptomatic overt hypothyroidism. SUMMARY: Prompt treatment of subclinical hypothyroidism in pregnant women is mandatory to decrease risks for pregnancy complications and impaired cognitive development in offspring. Children with subclinical hypothyroidism should be treated to prevent growth retardation. Whether nonpregnant adult patients with subclinical hypothyroidism should be treated, and at what thyroid-stimulating hormone values, is debatable.
Effect of Folic Acid Food Fortification in Canada on Congenital Heart Disease Subtypes.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have yielded inconsistent results for the effects of periconceptional multivitamins containing folic acid and of folic acid food fortification on congenital heart defects (CHDs). METHODS: We carried out a population-based cohort study (N=5 901 701) of all live births and stillbirths (including late-pregnancy terminations) delivered at ≥20 weeks' gestation in Canada (except Québec and Manitoba) from 1990 to 2011. CHD cases were diagnosed at birth and in infancy (n=72 591). We compared prevalence rates and temporal trends in CHD subtypes before and after 1998 (the year that fortification was mandated). An ecological study based on 22 calendar years, 14 geographic areas, and Poisson regression analysis was used to quantify the effect of folic acid food fortification on nonchromosomal CHD subtypes (n=66 980) after controlling for changes in maternal age, prepregnancy diabetes mellitus, preterm preeclampsia, multiple birth, and termination of pregnancy. RESULTS: The overall birth prevalence rate of CHDs was 12.3 per 1000 total births. Rates of most CHD subtypes decreased between 1990 and 2011 except for atrial septal defects, which increased significantly. Folic acid food fortification was associated with lower rates of conotruncal defects (adjusted rate ratio [aRR], 0.73, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.62-0.85), coarctation of the aorta (aRR, 0.77; 95% CI, 0.61-0.96), ventricular septal defects (aRR, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.75-0.96), and atrial septal defects (aRR, 0.82; 95% CI, 0.69-0.95) but not severe nonconotruncal heart defects (aRR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.65-1.03) and other heart or circulatory system abnormalities (aRR, 0.98; 95% CI, 0.89-1.11). CONCLUSIONS: The association between food fortification with folic acid and a reduction in the birth prevalence of specific CHDs provides modest evidence for additional benefit from this intervention.
Associations between the chemical exposome and pregnancy induced hypertension.; Exposure to environmental chemicals has been linked to an increased risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). This prospective cohort study examined the associations between PIH and maternal chemical exposure to four classes of chemicals (i.e., phthalates, bisphenols, perfluoroalkyl acids, non-essential metals and trace minerals). Participants included 420 pregnant women from the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) cohort who had data available on diagnosed PIH and environmental chemical exposure. Twelve phthalate metabolites, two bisphenols, eight perfluoroalkyl acids and eleven non-essential metals or trace minerals were quantified in maternal urine or blood samples collected in the second trimester of pregnancy. Associations between the urinary and blood concentrations of these chemicals and PIH were assessed using multiple logistic and LASSO regression analyses in single- and multi-chemical exposure models, respectively. Thirty-five (8.3%) participants were diagnosed with PIH. In single chemical exposure models, two phthalate metabolites, mono-methyl phthalate (MMP) and monoethyl phthalate (MEP), three perfluoroalkyl acids, perfluoroheptanoic acid (PFHpA), perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA), and perfluorodecanoic acid (PFDA), and one metal, manganese, were associated with increased odds of PIH. The metabolites of di (2-ethylhexyl) phthalate (DEHP) and the molar sum of these metabolites, as well as antimony, displayed trend associations (p < 0.10). In multi-chemical exposure models using LASSO penalized regressions and double-LASSO regressions, MEP (AOR: 1.43, 95% CI: 1.09-1.88, p = 0.009) and PFNA (AOR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.01-4.07, p = 0.04) were selected as the chemicals most highly associated with PIH. These findings suggest that maternal levels of phthalates and perfluoroalkyl acids may be associated with the diagnosis on PIH. Future research should consider both individual and multi-chemical exposures when examining predictors of PIH and other maternal cardiometabolic health disorders, such as preeclampsia, eclampsia, HELLP syndrome, and gestational diabetes.
Aspirin Effect on Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a High-Risk Cohort.; Recently, the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines revised the recommendations for diagnosis of chronic hypertension. The new classification system includes a diagnosis of stage 1 hypertension in adults with blood pressures 130 to 139/80 to 89 mm Hg. We sought to compare outcomes among women at high risk for preeclampsia with stage 1 hypertension and assessed whether women with stage 1 hypertension had benefit from aspirin treatment compared with high-risk normotensive women. We performed a secondary analysis of the high-risk aspirin trial and included women with prior preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. Among these women, 827 (81%) were classified as normotensive, whereas 193 (19%) were classified as stage 1 hypertensive. Among women receiving placebo, preeclampsia occurred significantly more often in women with stage 1 hypertension compared with normotensive high-risk women after adjustment for maternal age and body mass index (39.1% versus 15.1%; risk ratio, 2.49; 95% confidence interval, 1.74-3.55). Further, women with stage 1 hypertension had a significant risk reduction related to aspirin prophylaxis (risk ratio, 0.61; 95% confidence interval, 0.39-0.94) that was not seen in normotensive high-risk women (risk ratio, 0.97; 95% confidence interval, 0.70-1.34). Application of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guidelines in a high-risk population demonstrates that in the setting of other risk factors, the presence of stage 1 hypertension is associated with a significantly increased risk of preeclampsia when compared with high-risk normotensive women. These findings emphasize the importance of recognition of stage 1 hypertension as an additive risk factor in women at high risk for preeclampsia and the benefit of aspirin.
Maternal issues affecting the fetus.; Maternal disorders and exposures that affect fetal cardiac structure and function are reviewed, emphasizing fetal echocardiographic diagnosis and monitoring, and approaches for in utero therapy. Maternal diabetes, hyperthyroidism, lupus erythematosis, epilepsy, congenital heart disease, infections, and drug exposures are considered.
Female obesity: short- and long-term consequences on the offspring.; The worldwide prevalence of obesity has risen over the past few decades and women are currently more likely than ever to enter pregnancy obese. Pre-pregnancy obesity and excessive gestational weight gain increase miscarriage rates and obstetric and neonatal complications, which result in a lower healthy live birth rate. In addition to its negative consequences for the mother, obesity has been shown to be an important risk factor for chronic illnesses, such as cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes in the adolescence and adulthood of the offspring. Moreover, maternal obesity causes psychological problems, physical disabilities and higher healthcare costs. Fetal programming of metabolic function induced by obesity, through physiological and/or epigenetic mechanisms, may have an intergenerational effect and could, thus, perpetuate obesity in the next generation. In order to break this vicious circle and avoid serious short- and long-term negative outcomes for both mothers and fetuses, the prevention and adequate management of obesity and gestational weight gain are essential.
Early fetal echocardiography: congenital heart disease detection and diagnostic accuracy in the hands of an experienced fetal cardiology program.; OBJECTIVE: Evaluate the utility of early fetal echocardiography in the hands of an experienced fetal cardiology program for detection of congenital heart disease (CHD) in high-risk pregnancies. METHODS: Review of fetal echocardiograms 12 to 16 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: There were 151 studies in 142 fetuses (mean age 14.5 weeks). Transabdominal imaging was sufficient for 104; transvaginal imaging was used in 38. CHD was found in 32(22.5%). High yield indications were suspected cardiac anomaly (91.7%) and extracardiac anomaly (50%). Lower yield indications were increased nuchal translucency (13.8%) and family history (6.1%). No fetuses referred for advanced maternal age, maternal lupus, or diabetes had CHD. Mid-gestation follow-up was possible in 128 (ten terminated/four lost to follow-up). Three of 19 initially diagnosed with CHD had normal hearts; none diagnosed as normal had CHD (sensitivity 100%/specificity 97.3%). Seven had modification of original diagnoses: three initially diagnosed with possible septal defects had no defect, two had diagnoses that changed, and two had progression different than predicted. CONCLUSION: Early fetal echocardiography performed in an experienced fetal cardiology program accurately identifies significant CHD. Appropriate referral indications to fetal cardiac specialists include suspected CHD, extracardiac anomaly, increased nuchal translucency, and significant family history. Lesions that may not be diagnosed with accuracy include septal defects and diseases that progress.
Long-term implications of fetal growth restriction.; Fetal growth restriction (FGR), or intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), is a complication of pregnancy where the fetus does not achieve its genetic growth potential. FGR is characterized by a pathological retardation of intrauterine growth velocity in the curve of intrauterine growth. However, the FGR definition is still debated, and there is a lack of a uniform definition in the literature. True IUGR, compared to constitutional smallness, is a pathological condition in which the placenta fails to deliver an adequate supply of oxygen and nutrients to the developing fetus. Infants with IUGR, compared to appropriately grown gestational age infants, have a significantly higher risk of mortality and neonatal complications with long-term consequences. Several studies have demonstrated how suboptimal fetal growth leads to long-lasting physiological alterations for the developing fetus as well as for the newborn and adult in the future. The long-term effects of fetal growth retardation may be adaptations to poor oxygen and nutrient supply that are effective in the fetal period but deleterious in the long term through structural or functional alterations. Epidemiologic studies showed that FGR could be a contributing factor for adult chronic diseases including cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, respiratory diseases and impaired lung function, and chronic kidney disease. In this review we discussed pathophysiologic mechanisms of FGR-related complications and potential preventive measures for FGR.
Berberine Alleviates Tau Hyperphosphorylation and Axonopathy-Associated with Diabetic Encephalopathy via Restoring PI3K/Akt/GSK3β Pathway.; BACKGROUND: Axonopathy is closely linked to the development of diabetic encephalopathy induced by type II diabetes (T2D). Berberine has been shown to cross the blood-brain barrier and holds promising effect for neuronal damage in diabetes. OBJECTIVE: The present study investigated the protective effect and the underlying mechanism of berberine on neuronal axonopathy in both in vitro and in vivo models. METHODS: High glucose/high fat diet and streptozotocin injection-induced T2D rat model was used. Berberine was administered p.o. to T2D rat model for 10 weeks. Morris water maze test, in vivo neuronal tracing, immunohistochemistry, and western blot analysis were performed to evaluate the protective effects of berberine in T2D-induced diabetic encephalopathy rats. Primary cultured neurons were used to further explore the underlying mechanisms in vitro. RESULTS: Berberine dramatically reduced blood glucose and serum insulin levels and alleviated insulin resistance. Berberine significantly attenuated memory impairment, axonopathy, and tau hyperphosphorylation, and also restored PI3K/Akt/GSK3β signaling pathway in T2D rats. In vitro, berberine induced an increase in the phosphorylation of PI3K/Akt as well as GSK3β in high glucose-treated primary neurons. Furthermore, berberine-induced PI3K/Akt activation also resulted in the dephosphorylation of tau protein, which could improve axonal transport impairment in high glucose-treated primary neurons. Pretreated neurons with LY294002, an inhibitor of PI3K, partially blocked berberine-inhibited tau phosphorylation and berberine-activated PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. CONCLUSIONS: Berberine exerts the protective effect against cognitive deficits by improving tau hyperphosphorylation and the axonal damage through restoring PI3K/Akt/GSK3β signaling pathway.
[Healthcare networks: involvement of various healthcare professionals].; Diabetes is a very representative model of chronic disease requiring a partnership between various healthcare professionals. The organisation of healthcare networks allows a global care improvement. For the "Midi-Pyrénées" area, the diabetes network associates physicians and other healthcare professionals, working in their private - practice or in clinics or hospitals. The priority of this network was to develop therapeutic patient education, outdoors and indoors. The use of a specific communication system will be unavoidable, as a basis for medical files, evaluation, and permanent updates for the network members. Current projects concern a regional organization for chronic foot ulcers care, coronary heart disease and diabetes during pregnancy. These various care domains suppose the collaboration with other regional networks.
Progression of glucose intolerance and cardiometabolic risk factors over a decade in Chinese women with polycystic ovary syndrome: A case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with increased metabolic risk, though data on long-term follow-up of cardiometabolic traits are limited. We postulated that Chinese women with PCOS would have higher risk of incident diabetes and cardiometabolic abnormalities than those without PCOS during long-term follow-up. METHODS AND FINDINGS: One hundred ninety-nine Chinese women with PCOS diagnosed by the Rotterdam criteria and with a mean age of 41.2 years (SD = 6.4) completed a follow-up evaluation after an average of 10.6 ± 1.3 years. Two hundred twenty-five women without PCOS (mean age: 54.1 ± 6.7 years) who underwent baseline and follow-up evaluation over the same period were used for comparison. Progression of glycaemic status of women both with and without PCOS was assessed by using 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) screening with the adoption of 2009 American Diabetes Association diagnostic criteria. The frequency of impaired glucose regulation, hypertension, and hyperlipidaemia of women with PCOS at follow-up has increased from 31.7% (95% CI 25.2%-38.1%) to 47.2% (95% CI 40.3%-54.2%), 16.1% (95% CI 11.0%-21.2%) to 34.7% (95% CI 28.1%-41.3%), and 52.3% (95% CI 45.3%-59.2%) to 64.3% (95% CI 57.7%-71.0%), respectively. The cumulative incidence of diabetes mellitus (DM) in follow-up women with PCOS is 26.1% (95% CI 20.0%-32.2%), almost double that in the cohort of women without PCOS (p < 0.001). Age-standardised incidence of diabetes among women with PCOS was 22.12 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 10.86-33.37) compared with the local female population incidence rate of 8.76 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 8.72-8.80) and 10.09 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 4.92-15.26, p < 0.001) for women without PCOS in our study. Incidence rate for women with PCOS aged 30-39 years was 20.56 per 1,000 person-years (95% CI 12.57-31.87), which is approximately 10-fold higher than that of the age-matched general female population in Hong Kong (1.88 per 1,000 person-years, [95% CI 1.85-1.92]). The incidence rate of type 2 DM (T2DM) of both normal-weight and overweight women with PCOS was around double that of corresponding control groups (normal weight: 8.96 [95% CI 3.92-17.72] versus 4.86 per 1,000 person-years [95% CI 2.13-9.62], p > 0.05; overweight/obese: 28.64 [95% CI 19.55-40.60] versus 14.1 per 1,000 person-years [95% CI 8.20-22.76], p < 0.05). Logistic regression analysis identified that baseline waist-to-hip ratio (odds ratio [OR] = 1.71 [95% CI 1.08-2.69], p < 0.05) and elevated triglyceride (OR = 6.63 [95% CI 1.23-35.69], p < 0.05) are associated with the progression to T2DM in PCOS. Limitations of this study include moderate sample size with limited number of incident diabetes during follow-up period and potential selection bias. CONCLUSIONS: High risk of diabetes and increased cardiovascular disease risk factors among Chinese women with PCOS are highlighted in this long-term follow-up study. Diabetes onset was, on average, 10 years earlier among women with PCOS than in women without PCOS.
Maternal obesity and nonstress testing.; We evaluated the impact of maternal obesity on the characteristics and results of nonstress tests (NST). This prospective 1-year cohort study included 2026 NSTs performed on 575 consecutively chosen women with singleton gestations ≥ 32 weeks and no known fetal anomalies. Body mass index (BMI) class was determined at the first prenatal visit. The primary outcome was the duration of fetal heart rate monitoring before a reactive result. Obese women were not more likely to have nonreactive NST results. The mean duration before obtaining a reactive result was unaffected by obesity after controlling for diabetes and gestational age. The overall number of NSTs per patient was higher in obese than in nonobese women (3.9 versus 3.1, P < 0.01). More tests per patient are performed among obese subjects, yet the ability to perform an NST and the duration before obtaining a final result were unaffected by obesity.
May Measurement Month 2019: an analysis of blood pressure screening results from Venezuela, Latin America.; Cardiovascular diseases are the main cause of death in Venezuela. Raised blood pressure (BP) accompanied by diabetes mellitus, obesity, lipid abnormalities, and tobacco usage are the biggest contributors to mortality. The May Measurement Month (MMM) campaign is a global initiative aimed to raising awareness of hypertension, which has been conducted in Venezuela since 2017. MMM2019 included 24 672 subjects (mean age: 54.7 years, SD 25.2, 63.1% female). The proportion with hypertension was 48.9%; 14.3% were unknown hypertensives, 35.5% of those who receiving treatment had uncontrolled hypertension (systolic BP ≥140 mmHg and/or diastolic BP ≥90 mmHg); when considering all hypertensives, 53.3% were controlled. Sixty per cent of those on anti-hypertensive medication were on monotherapy, 27.7% were on two, and 7.7% were on three or more drugs. Body mass index, calculated for the total population, was on average 25.6 (SD: 4.8) kg/m(2). 16.2% of participants were classified as obese, 34.0% as overweight, and 4.0% were classified as underweight. Diabetes mellitus was reported by 9.4%, smoking by 7.3%, and 10.5% reported drinking alcohol regularly. Conditions associated with higher BP levels were obesity, diabetes mellitus, and women with a history of hypertension during a previous pregnancy. These results are consistent with the two previous MMM campaigns and indicate that repeated screening can routinely identify hypertension. There is an urgent need for Venezuela to implement programmes of detection, treatment, and control not only for hypertension but also for other common cardiovascular risk factors.
Delivery outcomes of term pregnancy complicated by idiopathic polyhydramnios.; OBJECTIVE: Polyhydramnios is associated with an increased risk of cesarean section. The aetiology of polyhydramnios and the characteristics of the labour may be confounding factors. The objective was to study the characteristics and mode of delivery in case of pregnancy complicated with idiopathic polyhydramnios. METHODS: This retrospective matched and controlled study included all pregnant women with idiopathic polyhydramnios (amniotic index>25cm or single deepest pocket>8cm) diagnosed at the 2nd or 3rd trimester and persistent at term delivery (>37weeks of pregnancy) in our institution. We excluded pregnancies in which the polyhydramnios could be explained by infection, gestational diabetes, congenital malformation, abnormal karyotype, placental anomalies, alloimmunization as well as pregnancies in which an amniocentesis for the purpose of diagnosis had not been performed. Data were gathered from a tertiary care university hospital register from 1998-2015. Cases of polyhydramnios were matched with the following two women who presented for labour management with spontaneous cephalic presentation, matching for delivery date, maternal age, parity, body mass index. The main outcome measure was the risk of cesarean section. Univariate and multivariate adjusted analysis were performed. RESULTS: We identified 108 women with idiopathic polyhydramnios and compared them with 216 matched women. Among them, 94 and 188 attempted a trial of labour. Maternal age, mean term delivery and birthweight were 31 years, 39+5weeks gestation and 3550 g. We did not observe differences in maternal characteristics, epidural analgesia and rate of abnormal fetal heart tracing. Induced labour and non-vertex presentations (forehead, bregma, face) were more frequent in the polyhydramnios group (respectively 57.9% versus 27.8%, P<0.05 and 7.8% versus 1%, P<0.05). Cesarean section rate was higher in the case of polyhydramnios in the overall population (45.4% versus 8%, P<0.05) and remained higher after exclusion of cases of induced labour and non-vertex presentation (38.4% versus 3.8%, P<0.05). Amniotomy was more frequent in pregnancies with polyhydramnios (55.8% versus 39.1%, P<0.05). After adjustment for matching and confounding variables, polyhydramnios was found to be a risk factor for cesarean section (OR 21.02; CI 95% 8.004-55.215, P<0.01). CONCLUSION: Idiopathic polyhydramnios increased the risk of prolonged first stage of labour, non-vertex presentation and cesarean section.
Small for date preterm infants and risk of higher blood pressure in later life: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Historical reports suggest that infants born small for gestational age (SGA) are at increased risk for high blood pressure (BP) at older ages after adjustment for later age body size. Such adjustment may be inappropriate since adiposity is a known cause of cardiovascular and metabolic disease. OBJECTIVES: To assess the association between SGA births and later BP among preterm births, considering potential background confounders and over-adjustment for later body size. METHODS: A database search of studies up to October 2022 included MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL. Studies were included if they reported BP (systolic [SBP] or diastolic [DBP]) (outcomes) for participants born preterm with SGA (exposure) or non-SGA births. All screening, extraction steps, and risk of bias (using the Risk of Bias In Non-randomised Studies of Interventions [ROBINS-I] tool) were conducted in duplicate by two reviewers. Data were pooled in meta-analysis using random-effects models. We explored potential sources of heterogeneity. RESULTS: We found no meaningful difference in later BP between preterm infants with and without SGA status at birth. Meta-analysis of 25 studies showed that preterm SGA, compared to preterm non-SGA, was not associated with higher BP at age 2 and older with mean differences for SBP 0.01 mmHg (95% CI -0.10, 0.12, I(2)  = 59.8%, n = 20,462) and DBP 0.01 mm Hg (95% CI -0.10, 0.12), 22 studies, (I(2)  = 53.0%, n = 20,182). Adjustment for current weight did not alter the results, which could be due to the lack of differences in later weight status in most of the included studies. The included studies were rated to be at risk of bias due to potential residual confounding, with a low risk of bias in other domains. CONCLUSIONS: Evidence indicates that preterm infants born SGA are not at increased risk of developing higher BP as children or as adults as compared to non-SGA preterm infants.
Introduction and Executive Summary of the Supplement, Role of Milk and Dairy Products in Health and Prevention of Noncommunicable Chronic Diseases: A Series of Systematic Reviews.; Milk and dairy products contain multiple nutrients and contribute significantly to meet the nutritional requirements for protein, calcium, magnesium, phosphorus, potassium, zinc, selenium, vitamin A, riboflavin, vitamin B-12, and pantothenic acid. However, consumption of dairy is decreasing and moving away from the advised level in many countries and the potential benefits of milk and dairy products for health have come under question. This, in spite that numerous studies report health benefits associated with dairy consumption. The present supplement aims to assess and summarize scientific evidence regarding the impact of dairy intake on health and all-cause mortality, and on the prevention of diverse chronic diseases, mainly from meta-analyses of observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs). There seem to positive associations between moderate maternal milk intake during pregnancy and infant birth weight, length and bone mineral content during childhood. Moreover, consumption of dairy products in older subjects may reduce the risk of frailty and decrease the risk for sarcopenia. The highest consumption of dairy products did not show a clear association with total osteoporotic fracture and hip fracture risk; however, a diminished risk of vertebral fracture was found. Analysis of the differences between high and low dairy consumption and for dose-response found no association between dairy product consumption and risk of all-cause mortality. Total and low-fat dairy consumption is associated with a reduced risk of developing metabolic syndrome and current evidence supports that consumption of dairy does not adversely affect the risk of cardiovascular outcomes and may even have a subtle protective effect. Moreover, evidence has been provided of an inverse association between the consumption of dairy products and ischemic heart disease and myocardial infarction. Also, the evidence suggests that dairy consumption, particularly low-fat dairy and yogurt is associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes. Likewise, moderate compared with medium consumption of dairy is associated lower risk for colorectal and bladder cancer and has no association with prostate cancer. Finally, consumption of milk or dairy products did not show a proinflammatory effect on healthy subjects, overweight/obese individuals, or individuals with other metabolic abnormalities, and fortification of dairy products with phytosterols and ω-3 fatty acids seems to be a good approach to improve cardiometabolic risk biomarkers. In conclusion, the systematic reviews and meta-analyses of the present supplement support adequate milk consumption at various stages of life and in the prevention/control of various noncommunicable chronic diseases.
Benign thyroid disease in pregnancy: A state of the art review.; Thyroid dysfunction is the commonest endocrine disorder in pregnancy apart from diabetes. Thyroid hormones are essential for fetal brain development in the embryonic phase. Maternal thyroid dysfunction during pregnancy may have significant adverse maternal and fetal outcomes such as preterm delivery, preeclampsia, miscarriage and low birth weight. In this review we discuss the effect of thyroid disease on pregnancy and the current evidence on the management of different thyroid conditions in pregnancy and postpartum to improve fetal and neonatal outcomes, with special reference to existing guidelines on the topic which we dissect, critique and compare with each other. Overt hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism should be treated appropriately in pregnancy, aiming to maintain euthyroidism. Subclinical hypothyroidism is often pragmatically treated with levothyroxine, although it has not been definitively proven whether this alters maternal or fetal outcomes. Subclinical hyperthyroidism does not usually require treatment and the possibility of non-thyroidal illness or gestational thyrotoxicosis should be considered. Autoimmune thyroid diseases tend to improve during pregnancy but commonly flare-up or emerge in the post-partum period. Accordingly, thyroid auto-antibodies tend to decrease with pregnancy progression. Postpartum thyroiditis should be managed based on the clinical symptoms rather than abnormal biochemical results.
Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor.; Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor (RUPI-L) is a clinical condition that refers to alterations in the fetal oxygen "demand-supply" equation caused by the onset of regular uterine activity. The term RUPI-L indicates a condition of "relative" uteroplacental insufficiency which is relative to a specific stressful circumstance, such as the onset of regular uterine activity. RUPI-L may be more prevalent in fetuses in which the ratio between the fetal oxygen supply and demand is already slightly reduced, such as in cases of subclinical placental insufficiency, post-term pregnancies, gestational diabetes, and other similar conditions. Prior to the onset of regular uterine activity, fetuses with a RUPI-L may present with normal features on the cardiotocography. However, with the onset of uterine contractions, these fetuses start to manifest abnormal fetal heart rate patterns which reflect the attempt to maintain adequate perfusion to essential central organs during episodes of transient reduction in oxygenation. If labor is allowed to continue without an appropriate intervention, progressively more frequent, and stronger uterine contractions may result in a rapid deterioration of the fetal oxygenation leading to hypoxia and acidosis. In this Commentary, we introduce the term relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor and highlight the pathophysiology, as well as the common features observed in the fetal heart rate tracing and clinical implications.
Preventing new-onset heart failure: Intervening at stage A.; Heart failure (HF) prevention is an urgent public health need with national and global implications. Stage A HF patients do not show HF symptoms or structural heart disease but are at risk of HF development. There are no unique recommendations on detecting Stage A patients. Patients in Stage A are heterogeneous; many patients have different combinations of risk factors and, therefore, have markedly different absolute risks for HF. Comprehensive strategies to prevent HF at Stage A include intensive blood pressure lowering, adequate glycemic and lipid management, and heart-healthy behaviors (adopting Life's Essential 8). First and foremost, it is imperative to improve public awareness of HF risk factors and implement healthy lifestyle choices very early. In addition, recognize the HF risk-enhancing factors, which are nontraditional cardiovascular (CV) risk factors that identify individuals at high risk for HF (genetic susceptibility for HF, atrial fibrillation, chronic kidney disease, chronic liver disease, chronic inflammatory disease, sleep-disordered breathing, adverse pregnancy outcomes, radiation therapy, a history of cardiotoxic chemotherapy exposure, and COVID-19). Early use of biomarkers, imaging markers, and echocardiography (noninvasive measures of subclinical systolic and diastolic dysfunction) may enhance risk prediction among individuals without established CV disease and prevent chemotherapy-induced cardiomyopathy. Efforts are needed to address social determinants of HF risk for primordial HF prevention.Central illustrationPolicies developed by organizations such as the American Heart Association, American College of Cardiology, and the American Diabetes Association to reduce CV disease events must go beyond secondary prevention and encompass primordial and primary prevention.
Maternal age and cardiovascular and metabolic disease outcomes: a retrospective cohort study using data from population-based electronic medical records.; Objective: To evaluate whether a woman's age at first birth is associated with cardiovascular risk and metabolic health outcomes (cardiometabolic outcomes) by age 45.Methods: This is a retrospective, population-based cohort study that uses electronic health record data from the largest health fund in Israel. Women aged 34-39 at baseline (2004-2006) free of chronic diseases were identified as nulliparous at baseline and were followed up to 10 years (through 2016). The cohort was divided into three groups based on their age at first birth: younger parturients (ages 35-39), older parturients (ages 40-44), and never had children. The percentage of adverse pregnancy events and cardiometabolic outcomes at age 45 were compared across these three groups as well as to women in the general population. Cardiovascular risk and metabolic health outcomes were defined as: Type 2 diabetes, obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and Framingham risk score.Methods and results: Out of a group of 126,121 women aged 34-39 at baseline, 9979 were nulliparous and free of comorbidities. Over the course of the follow-up, there were 952 younger parturients and 673 older parturients who had their first birth, and 8354 women who remained persistent nulliparous. While older parturients had more adverse pregnancy events, there was no difference in rates of cardiometabolic outcomes between the two parturient groups, and they both had lower rates than the persistent nulliparous and the general population.Conclusions: Parturients free of major chronic diseases who give birth at a later age do not have increased cardiometabolic outcomes in midlife as compared to a general population of women in a large retrospective cohort. Our results may support clinicians when counseling healthy women who are seeking advice regarding delaying their first pregnancy without a tradeoff on health outcomes.
Prior preterm or small-for-gestational-age birth related to maternal metabolic syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate whether women who deliver small babies due to preterm birth or growth restriction have excess risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes later in life. METHODS: Eight years after pregnancy, we estimated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome and its components in a cohort study of women with prior preterm (preterm birth before 37 weeks, n=181) or small for gestational age ([SGA], less than the tenth percentile, n=192) births, compared with women with term births (37 or more weeks, n=306). Women delivered at Magee-Womens Hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and those with preeclampsia or prepregnancy diabetes or hypertension were excluded. Women underwent a structured interview and fasting blood sampling. RESULTS: Women were, on average, 8 years postpartum and 39 years old at evaluation. Women with a prior preterm birth had higher blood pressure, triglycerides, and LDL-cholesterol compared with those in a term control group. Women with prior SGA births were leaner and more likely to smoke compared with those with term births. Women with prior preterm birth had elevated risk of metabolic syndrome, adjusted for demographic, smoking and body size factors (23% preterm compared with 17% control group; odds ratio [OR] 1.76 [1.06, 2.80]). In women with a prior preterm birth, low HDL (11% preterm compared with 5% control group; OR 2.6 [1.2, 5.2]), hypertriglyceridemia (22% compared with 14%; OR 1.9 [1.2, 2.9]), and elevated glucose (24% compared with 19%; OR 1.5 [1.0, 2.3]) accounted for this excess metabolic syndrome. In women with SGA, the only element of metabolic syndrome that was aberrant was glucose metabolism. CONCLUSION: Eight years after pregnancy, women with prior preterm or SGA births had evidence of metabolic syndrome compared with women with term births. Screening and intervention in these women after pregnancy may delay or prevent disease. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: : II.
Vasopressin in preeclampsia: a novel very early human pregnancy biomarker and clinically relevant mouse model.; Preeclampsia, a cardiovascular disorder of late pregnancy, is characterized as a low-renin hypertensive state relative to normotensive pregnancy. Because other nonpregnant low-renin hypertensive disorders often exhibit and are occasionally dependent on elevated arginine vasopressin (AVP) secretion, we hypothesized a possible use for plasma AVP measurements in the prediction of preeclampsia. Copeptin is an inert prosegment of AVP that is secreted in a 1:1 molar ratio and exhibits a substantially longer biological half-life compared with AVP, rendering it a clinically useful biomarker of AVP secretion. Copeptin was measured throughout pregnancy in maternal plasma from preeclamptic and control women. Maternal plasma copeptin was significantly higher throughout preeclamptic pregnancies versus control pregnancies. While controlling for clinically significant confounders (age, body mass index, chronic essential hypertension, twin gestation, diabetes mellitus, and history of preeclampsia) using multivariate regression, the association of higher copeptin concentration and the development of preeclampsia remained significant. Receiver operating characteristic analyses reveal that as early as the sixth week of gestation, elevated maternal plasma copeptin concentration is a highly significant predictor of preeclampsia throughout pregnancy. Finally, chronic infusion of AVP during pregnancy (24 ng per hour) is sufficient to phenocopy preeclampsia in C57BL/6J mice, causing pregnancy-specific hypertension, renal glomerular endotheliosis, proteinuria, and intrauterine growth restriction. These data implicate AVP release as a novel predictive biomarker for preeclampsia very early in pregnancy, identify chronic AVP infusion as a novel and clinically relevant model of preeclampsia in mice, and are consistent with a potential causative role for AVP in preeclampsia in humans.
Traumatic brain injury during pregnancy is associated with increased rate of cesarean section: a nationwide multi-register study in Finland.; OBJECTIVE: The literature on the incidence of traumatic brain injury (TBI) during pregnancy is lacking. Furthermore, only studies with small sample size have analyzed the impact of TBI during pregnancy to maternal and fetal outcomes. Thus, we aim to report the incidence of TBIs during pregnancy and study the pregnancy outcomes using nationwide high-quality registers. METHODS: This nationwide retrospective register-based matched cohort study utilized two national registers. All fertile-aged (15-49 years) women with a TBI hospitalization period during pregnancy were retrieved the Care Register for Health Care. Data were then linked with the data from the National Medical Birth Register (MBR). Propensity score matching was conducted according to maternal age during pregnancy, previous cesarean section (CS), maternal smoking status, maternal body mass index, and maternal gestational diabetes. The matching was conducted using the nearest neighbor methods with a caliber width if 0.15, and with a ratio 1:3 (patients/references). Adverse maternal and fetal outcomes were compared between patient group and reference group using Chi-squared tests. RESULTS: A total of 392 women having a TBI during pregnancy were found. The control group consisted of 722,497 women without TBI during pregnancy. Of the TBIs occurring during pregnancy, the most common types of TBIs were concussion (S06.0) (n = 359, 91.6%), diffuse traumatic brain injury (S06.2) (n = 11, 2.8%), traumatic subdural hemorrhage (n = 7, 1.8%), and unspecified intracranial injury S06.9 (n = 6, 1.5%). The incidence rates of pregnancies with a TBI have remained similar during pregnancy in Finland, peaking at 0.8 per 1000 pregnancies in 2016. The Chi-squared test showed higher rate for CS among women with TBI than for their matched references (21.4% vs. 15.5%, p = .008). Especially, women with TBI during 3rd trimester had higher rate for CS (29.0 vs. 15.0%, p = .016). CONCLUSIONS: The main findings of this study were that the incidence rates for TBI during pregnancy have remained similar during our study period (2004-2018). TBI during pregnancy, even a mild one, is associated with an increased rate for CS. Especially, TBI during the 3rd trimester was associated with high rate for CS, but the etiology behind this remains unknown. In addition, we found no evidence of difference in fetal outcomes, such as preterm birth, low birth weight, or need for intensive care unit. Future studies should focus on the indications for elective CS, and reasons for unplanned CS among women with TBI during pregnancy, as these could possibly provide important information on the effects of TBI on the course of childbirth.
The impact of periodontal infection on systemic diseases.; Systemic health is often closely linked to the state of the oral cavity: many systemic diseases and conditions have oral manifestations. Likewise, oral microbiological infections may also affect one's general health status. Indeed, animal and population-based studies now suggest that periodontal diseases may be linked with systemic diseases and conditions including cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, respiratory diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and osteoporosis. Better understanding of this correlation will help both dental and medical professionals to determine the best approach to patient care. This review will focus on the current knowledge linking periodontal infections to a set of systemic diseases. While a number of interactions have been identified, additional research will be required to determine whether these associations are causal or coincidental, and to evaluate disease pathogenesis and potential therapeutic interventions. These findings place oral health in the perspective of systemic health, and they suggest that the dental and medical professions should develop even closer ties in the future.
Cord blood irisin levels are positively correlated with birth weight in newborn infants.; BACKGROUND: Irisin is a novel myokine, secreted from skeletal muscle after exercise. Irisin mediates exercise-related energy expenditure by turning white adipose tissue (WAT) into brown adipose tissue (BAT). Thus, irisin is considered as a potential biomarker for obesity and metabolic syndrome. Infants born small for gestational age (SGA) have increased risk for metabolic syndrome. However, the physiologic role of irisin in neonates remains to be studied. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of umbilical cord blood irisin levels with gestational age and birth weight categories in neonates. METHODS: A cross-sectional study of 341 newborns, from 26 to 41weeks' gestation. We collected umbilical cord blood and analyzed plasma for irisin by ELISA. RESULTS: Plasma irisin levels were positively correlated with gestational age (r=0.21, p<0.001), and birth weight Z-score (r=0.18, p<0.001). SGA infants had significantly lower irisin (median [interquartile range] 55.38 [46.56-65.72]ng/mL) compared to appropriate for gestational age infants (64.41 [53.87-76.76]ng/mL) and large for gestational age infants (68.70 [54.78-79.09]ng/mL, p<0.01). The association between SGA and lower irisin remained significant in multivariate analysis independent of gestational age, maternal age, maternal BMI, and gestational diabetes (p=0.03). In singleton infants, irisin was also significantly negatively associated with maternal preeclampsia (p=0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Our results support the notion that irisin may have a physiologic role in neonates. We speculate that decreased levels of irisin in SGA infants may contribute to the development of catch-up growth and metabolic syndrome later in life.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy and thromboembolism; anesthetic management and clinical course of an obese, diabetic patient.; PURPOSE: To describe the anesthetic management and clinical course of a patient with peripartum cardiomyopathy. We highlight the frequent occurrence of thromboembolic morbidity in this group of parturients, emphasizing the need for early consideration of prophylactic anticoagulation. CLINICAL FEATURES: A 38-yr-old, diabetic, obese parturient was admitted with pulmonary edema and severe orthopnea at 31 weeks gestation. The respiratory rate was 44 breaths x min(-1), blood pressure 110/70 mmHg, pulse 120 beats x min(-1) and rales were heard in both lung fields. The diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy was made based on sinus tachycardia with no evidence of ischemia on the electrocardiogram, and global left ventricular hypokinesis with an ejection fraction of 40-45% noted on transthoracic echocardiography. Cesarean delivery was planned to improve maternal respiratory status and hemodynamics. General anesthesia with invasive monitoring was planned, and surgery and anesthesia proceeded uneventfully. Less than 24 hr postoperatively, she sustained a thrombotic cerebral infarct leaving her hemiparetic and dysarthric. Subsequent investigations revealed a thrombophilic state due to elevated anticardiolipin antibody. CONCLUSION: General anesthesia is an acceptable option in parturients with heart failure secondary to cardiomyopathy. Thromboembolic complications are common, and early consideration should be given to prophylactic anticoagulation.
Metabolic score as a novel approach to assessing preeclampsia risk.; OBJECTIVE: Clinical trials have confirmed the association of metabolic syndrome with cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women. Because recent evidence suggests that preeclampsia is a risk factor for future CVD, we sought to determine whether metabolic syndrome was associated with preeclampsia. STUDY DESIGN: As part of a large case-control study, women were prospectively identified with preeclampsia. Controls were patients presenting for delivery at term without preeclampsia. Two pregnancy-based metabolic scores (0, 1, or 2 or more) were created using initial or final pregnancy body mass index, chronic hypertension, and diabetes. Stratified analysis and logistic regression were used to evaluate the association of metabolic score with preeclampsia and disease severity. RESULTS: For initial metabolic score, 44.1%, 42.3%, and 13.5% of cases (n = 259) and 61.5%, 33.2%, and 5.3% of controls (n = 297) had scores of 0, 1 (odds ratio [OR] 1.91, P = .002), and 2 or more (OR 2.65, P = .001), respectively. CONCLUSION: Metabolic score appears to be associated independently with developing preeclampsia, particularly severe disease.
Diet Modification before or during Pregnancy on Maternal and Foetal Outcomes in Rodent Models of Maternal Obesity.; The obesity epidemic has serious implications for women of reproductive age; its rising incidence is associated not just with health implications for the mother but also has transgenerational ramifications for the offspring. Increased incidence of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and kidney disease are seen in both the mothers and the offspring. Animal models, such as rodent studies, are fundamental to studying maternal obesity and its impact on maternal and offspring health, as human studies lack rigorous controlled experimental design. Furthermore, the short and prolific reproductive potential of rodents enables examination across multiple generations and facilitates the exploration of interventional strategies to mitigate the impact of maternal obesity, both before and during pregnancy. Given that obesity is a major public health concern, it is important to obtain a greater understanding of its pathophysiology and interaction with reproductive health, placental physiology, and foetal development. This narrative review focuses on the known effects of maternal obesity on the mother and the offspring, and the benefits of interventional strategies, including dietary intervention, before or during pregnancy on maternal and foetal outcomes. It further examines the contribution of rodent models of maternal obesity to elucidating pathophysiological pathways of disease development, as well as methods to reduce the impact of obesity on the mothers and the developing foetus. The translation of these findings into the human experience will also be discussed.
Sex Differences in Atrial Fibrillation Risk: The VITAL Rhythm Study.; IMPORTANCE: Women have a lower incidence of atrial fibrillation (AF) compared with men in several studies, but it is unclear whether this sex difference is independent of sex differences in prevalent cardiovascular disease (CVD), body size, and other risk factors. OBJECTIVE: To examine sex differences in AF incidence and whether AF risk factors differ by sex in a contemporary cohort of men and women without prevalent CVD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a prospective cohort analysis within the Vitamin D and Omega-3 Trial (VITAL) Rhythm Study, a randomized trial that examined the effect of vitamin D and ω-3 fatty acid supplementation on incident AF among men 50 years or older and women 55 years or older without a prior history of prevalent AF, CVD, or cancer at baseline. Data were analyzed from September 29, 2020, to June 29, 2021. EXPOSURES: Sex, height, weight, body mass index (BMI), body surface area (BSA), and other AF risk factors at study enrollment. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Incident AF confirmed by medical record review. RESULTS: A total of 25 119 individuals (mean [SD] age, 67.0 [7.1] years; 12 757 women [51%]) were included in this study. Over a median (IQR) follow-up of 5.3 (5.1-5.7) years, 900 confirmed incident AF events occurred among 12 362 men (495 events, 4.0%) and 12 757 women (405 events, 3.2%). After adjustment for age and treatment assignment, women were at lower risk for incident AF than men (hazard ratio [HR], 0.68; 95% CI, 0.59-0.77; P < .001). The inverse association between female sex and AF persisted after adjustment for race and ethnicity, smoking, alcohol intake, hypertension, diabetes (type 1, type 2, gestational), thyroid disease, exercise, and BMI (HR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.63-0.85; P <.001). However, female sex was positively associated with AF when height (HR, 1.39; 95% CI, 1.14-1.72; P = .001), height and weight (HR 1.49, 95% CI, 1.21-1.82; P <.001), or BSA (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.06-1.49; P = .009) were substituted for BMI in the multivariate model. In stratified models, risk factor associations with incident AF were similar for women and men. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, findings suggest that after controlling for height and/or body size, women without CVD at baseline were at higher risk for AF than men, suggesting that sex differences in body size account for much of the protective association between female sex and AF. These data underscore the importance of AF prevention in women.
Hypertension, diabetes and overweight: looming legacies of the Biafran famine.; BACKGROUND: Sub-Saharan Africa is facing rapidly increasing prevalences of cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes and hypertension. Previous and ongoing undernutrition among pregnant women may contribute to this development as suggested by epidemiological studies from high income countries linking undernutrition in fetal life with increased burden of non-communicable diseases in later life. We undertook to study the risks for hypertension, glucose intolerance and overweight forty years after fetal exposure to famine afflicted Biafra during the Nigerian civil war (1967-1970). METHODS AND FINDINGS: Cohort study performed in June 27-July 31, 2009 in Enugu, Nigeria. Adults (n = 1,339) born before (1965-67), during (1968-January 1970), or after (1971-73) the years of famine were included. Blood pressure (BP), random plasma glucose (p-glucose) and anthropometrics, as well as prevalence of hypertension (BP>140/90 mmHg), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; p-glucose 7.8-11.0 mmol/l), diabetes (DM; p-glucose ≥11.1 mmol/l), or overweight (BMI>25 kg/m(2)) were compared between the three groups. Fetal-infant exposure to famine was associated with elevated systolic (+7 mmHg; p<0.001) and diastolic (+5 mmHg; p<0.001) BP, increased p-glucose (+0.3 mmol/L; p<0.05) and waist circumference (+3 cm, p<0.001), increased risk of systolic hypertension (adjusted OR 2.87; 95% CI 1.90-4.34), IGT (OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.02-2.69) and overweight (OR 1.41; 95% CI 1.03-1.93) as compared to people born after the famine. Limitations of this study include the lack of birth weight data and the inability to separate effects of fetal and infant famine. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal and infant undernutrition is associated with significantly increased risk of hypertension and impaired glucose tolerance in 40-year-old Nigerians. Prevention of undernutrition during pregnancy and in infancy should therefore be given high priority in health, education, and economic agendas.
DNA methylation regulates hypothalamic gene expression linking parental diet during pregnancy to the offspring's risk of obesity in Psammomys obesus.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: The rising incidence of obesity is a major public health issue worldwide. Recent human and animal studies suggest that parental diet can influence fetal development and is implicated with risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes in offspring. The hypothalamus is central to body energy homoeostasis and appetite by controlling endocrine signals. We hypothesise that offspring susceptibility to obesity is programmed in the hypothalamus in utero and mediated by changes to DNA methylation, which persist to adulthood. We investigated hypothalamic genome-wide DNA methylation in Psammomys obesus diet during pregnancy to the offspring's risk of obesity. METHODS: Using methyl-CpG binding domain capture and deep sequencing (MBD-seq), we examined the hypothalamus of offspring exposed to a low-fat diet and standard chow diet during the gestation and lactation period. RESULTS: Offspring exposed to a low-fat parental diet were more obese and had increased circulating insulin and glucose levels. Methylome profiling identified 1447 genomic regions of differential methylation between offspring of parents fed a low-fat diet compared with parents on standard chow diet. Pathway analysis shows novel DNA methylation changes of hypothalamic genes associated with neurological function, nutrient sensing, appetite and energy balance. Differential DNA methylation corresponded to changes in hypothalamic gene expression of Tas1r1 and Abcc8 in the offspring exposed to low-fat parental diet. CONCLUSION: Subject to parental low-fat diet, we observe DNA methylation changes of genes associated with obesity in offspring.
Evolutionary origins of insulin resistance: a behavioral switch hypothesis.; BACKGROUND: Insulin resistance, which can lead to a number of diseases including type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease, is believed to have evolved as an adaptation to periodic starvation. The "thrifty gene" and "thrifty phenotype" hypotheses constitute the dominant paradigm for over four decades. With an increasing understanding of the diverse effects of impairment of the insulin signaling pathway, the existing hypotheses are proving inadequate. PRESENTATION OF THE HYPOTHESIS: We propose a hypothesis that insulin resistance is a socio-ecological adaptation that mediates two phenotypic transitions, (i) a transition in reproductive strategy from "r" (large number of offspring with little investment in each) to "K" (smaller number of offspring with more investment in each) and (ii) a transition from "stronger to smarter" or "soldier to diplomat" i.e. from relatively more muscle dependent to brain dependent lifestyle. A common switch could have evolved for the two transitions since the appropriate environmental conditions for the two transitions are highly overlapping and interacting. TESTING THE HYPOTHESIS: Gestational insulin resistance diverts more energy through the placenta, resulting in increased investment per offspring. On the other hand, insulin resistance is associated with reduced ovulation. The insulin signaling pathway is also related to longevity. Insulin resistance diverts more nutrients to the brain as compared to muscle. Also, hyperinsulinemia has direct positive effects on cognitive functions of the brain. The hypothesis gets support from known patterns in human clinical data and recent research on the molecular interactions in the insulin signaling pathway. Further we state many predictions of the hypothesis that can be tested experimentally or epidemiologically. IMPLICATIONS OF THE HYPOTHESIS: The hypothesis can bring about a significant change in the line of treatment as well as public health policies for the control of metabolic syndrome.
IMPACT OF COMORBIDITIES IN MEXICAN SARS-COV-2-POSITIVE PATIENTS: A RETROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS IN A NATIONAL COHORT.; BACKGROUND: The coronavirus disease 2019 outbreak is a significant challenge for health-care systems around the world. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the study was to assess the impact of comorbidities on the case fatality rate (CFR) and the development of adverse events in patients positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in the Mexican population. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We analyzed the data from 13,842 laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 patients in Mexico between January 1, 2020, and April 25, 2020. We investigated the risk of death and the development of adverse events (hospitalization, pneumonia, orotracheal intubation, and intensive care unit [ICU] admission), comparing the number of comorbidities of each patient. RESULTS: The patient mean age was 46.6 ± 15.6 years, 42.3% (n = 5853) of the cases were women, 38.8% of patients were hospitalized, 4.4% were intubated, 29.6% developed pneumonia, and 4.4% had critical illness. The CFR was 9.4%. The risk of hospitalization (odds ratio [OR] = 3.1, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.7-3.7), pneumonia (OR = 3.02, 95% CI: 2.6-3.5), ICU admission (OR = 2, 95% CI: 1.5-2.7), and CFR (hazard ratio = 3.5, 95% CI: 2.9-4.2) was higher in patients with three or more comorbidities than in patients with 1, 2, or with no comorbidities. CONCLUSIONS: The number of comorbidities may be a determining factor in the clinical course and its outcomes in SARS-CoV-2-positive patients.
Diagnosing Arterial Stiffness in Pregnancy and Its Implications in the Cardio-Renal-Metabolic Chain.; Cardio-renal and metabolic modifications during gestation are crucial determinants of foetal and maternal health in the short and long term. The cardio-renal metabolic syndrome is a vicious circle that starts in the presence of risk factors such as obesity, hypertension, diabetes, kidney disease and ageing, all predisposing to a status dominated by increased arterial stiffness and alteration of the vascular wall, which eventually damages the target organs, such as the heart and kidneys. The literature is scarce regarding cardio-renal metabolic syndrome in pregnancy cohorts. The present paper exposes the current state of the art and emphasises the most important findings of this entity, particularly in pregnant women. The early assessment of arterial function can lead to proper and individualised measures for women predisposed to hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and diabetes mellitus. This review focuses on available information regarding the assessment of arterial function during gestation, possible cut-off values, the possible predictive role for future events and modalities to reverse or control its dysfunction, a fact of crucial importance with excellent outcomes at meagre costs.
The Ras activator RasGRP3 mediates diabetes-induced embryonic defects and affects endothelial cell migration.; RATIONALE: Fetuses that develop in diabetic mothers have a higher incidence of birth defects that include cardiovascular defects, but the signaling pathways that mediate these developmental effects are poorly understood. It is reasonable to hypothesize that diabetic maternal effects are mediated by 1 or more pathways activated downstream of aberrant glucose metabolism, because poorly controlled maternal glucose levels correlate with the frequency and severity of the defects. OBJECTIVE: We investigated whether RasGRP3 (Ras guanyl-releasing protein 3), a Ras activator expressed in developing blood vessels, mediates diabetes-induced vascular developmental defects. RasGRP3 is activated by diacylglycerol, and diacylglycerol is overproduced by aberrant glucose metabolism in diabetic individuals. We also investigated the effects of overactivation and loss of function for RasGRP3 in primary endothelial cells and developing vessels. METHODS AND RESULTS: Analysis of mouse embryos from diabetic mothers showed that diabetes-induced developmental defects were dramatically attenuated in embryos that lacked Rasgrp3 function. Endothelial cells that expressed activated RasGRP3 had elevated Ras-ERK signaling and perturbed migration, whereas endothelial cells that lacked Rasgrp3 function had attenuated Ras-ERK signaling and did not migrate in response to endothelin-1. Developing blood vessels exhibited endothelin-stimulated vessel dysmorphogenesis that required Rasgrp3 function. CONCLUSIONS: These findings provide the first evidence that RasGRP3 contributes to developmental defects found in embryos that develop in a diabetic environment. The results also elucidate RasGRP3-mediated signaling in endothelial cells and identify endothelin-1 as an upstream input and Ras/MEK/ERK as a downstream effector pathway. RasGRP3 may be a novel therapeutic target for the fetal complications of diabetes.
Chorangioma and related vascular lesions of the placenta--a review.; Chorangioma has been referred to as a hamartoma-like, or a hyperplastic capillary lesion, rather than a true neoplasm. Its incidence is 1 in 100 placentas. In chorangiomas larger than 4 cm, there can be significant effects on the hemodynamic and circulatory processes of the fetus, leading to grave clinical consequences, such as polyhydramnios and fetal heart failure. Chorangiomas can show various histopathologic pictures, ranging from vascular to cellular, and can undergo degenerative changes. They can be diagnosed prenatally by ultrasound, color Doppler imaging, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Chorangioma must be differentiated from other villous capillary lesions, namely, chorangiomatosis and chorangiosis. They have overlapping similarities with chorangioma, and have clinical implications. Chorangiomatosis has been associated with negative fetal outcomes such as intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) and preeclampsia. Chorangiosis is associated with maternal diabetes mellitus. Another rarer differential is chorangioma with trophoblast proliferation ("chorangiocarcinoma," a probable misnomer), a rare proliferation of trophoblastic tissue seen in the vicinity of otherwise benign chorangioma. Treatment modalities of chorangioma include endoscopic devascularization, alcoholic ablation, and interstitial laser coagulation. In this article, we will review the clinical and pathologic picture of chorangioma as well as treatment, and discuss its main differentials.
A CLINICAL CASE OF ARTERIAL THROMBOSIS IN A PREMATURE BOY WITH NEONATAL SEPSIS AND HIGH RECTAL ATRESIA.; Occlusion of the venous or arterial vessels in childhood is rather rare but dangerous complication. Occurrence of neonatal thrombosis is 0.5 per 10 000 of live newborns. Promoting factors include congenital defects of coagulation, maternal diabetes, neonatal sepsis, necrotic enterocolitis, asphyxia, and metabolic diseases. More than 90 % cases of neonatal thrombosis are associated with catheterization (umbilical arterial or venous, other central venous lines). Acute arterial thrombosis caused by a peripheral venous catheter is very rare complication, but it can result in severe consequences. The article contains a clinical case of right brachial artery thrombosis in a premature boy with extremely low body weight complicated by development of dry gangrene and amputation of the limb. Complex risk factors promoting development of neonatal arterial thrombosis were found: preterm birth, neonatal sepsis, possible incorrect insertion of a peripheral venous catheter. Associative factors were congenital developmental defects of the intestine (high rectal atresia) and heart (bicuspid aortal valve, open oval foramen), and maternal factors. The authors emphasize their attention on the necessity to continuous education of the medical staff concerning the technique of catheter insertion and care of them, absolute implementation of safety policy concerning nosocomial infection, adequate provision of ultrasound examination devices with high rarefaction sensors, involvement of a multi-disciplinary team of specialists to manage complicated clinical cases.
Obstetrics injuries during shoulder dystocia in a tertiary perinatal center.; OBJECTIVES: This study will present our results in management of fetal shoulder dystocia with special consideration of maternal and neonatal outcome. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective study was performed at a university tertiary perinatal center. The study included data of singleton vaginal term deliveries in the period of 15 years (2006-2020). Analized informations include: obstetrics maternal and neonatal data and outcomes. RESULTS: This period included 45,687 deliveries with diagnosed shoulder dystocia in 254 (0.7 %) cases in vaginal deliveries. Most of the deliveries were spontaneous births 69.7 %, induced deliveries 30.3 %, 47.2 % primiparas and preexisting or gestational diabetes in 21.7 %. The delivery was managed by vacuum extraction in 13.8 %, mediolateral episiotomy in 48.0 % of births, most of the shoulder dystocia were unilateral anterior, while only two cases were diagnosed as more difficult bilateral and 5 cases were recurrent. 87.4 % cases were resolved by McRobert's maneuver, 7.8 % by Barnum's 3.9 % by Wood's maneuver and one case was managed by Menticoglou and by Bourgoise-Siegemundin maneuver. 4.3 % injuries were classified as OASIS of III/IV degree, early postpartum hemorrhage due in 1.6 %. 54.3 % of newborns were male sex, 61.0 % of newborns had birth weight of above 4000 g (mean 4071 g). Maximal Apgar scores were atributed to 92.5 % in first and to 97.2 % in fifth minute, one case that requaired resuscitation. Clavicle fracture was found in 9.5 %, humerus fracture in 0.4 %, transient form of Duchenne Erb obstetrics brachial palsy was diagnosed in only in 7.5 % newborns, while we have not found any case of permanent brachial palsy. CONCLUSIONS: Our results confirmed that strategy of prompt identification of shoulder dystocia accompanied by cessation of axial fetal head traction decrease the risk of brachial plexus strain, injury or tear, while performance of exact obstetrical maneuvers resulted in decanceration of fetal shoulders without permanent obstetrics brachial palsy or cerebral morbidity. We think that our good results corelate with our opinion that the performance of external obstetrical manoeuvres should be done without one minute postpone since efforts should be put in sooner shoulder liberation decreasing the time of fetal hypoxia.
Maternal Metabolic Programming of the Developing Central Nervous System: Unified Pathways to Metabolic and Psychiatric Disorders.; The perinatal period presents a critical time in offspring development where environmental insults can have damaging impacts on the future health of the offspring. This can lead to sustained alterations in offspring development, metabolism, and predisposition to both metabolic and psychiatric diseases. The central nervous system is one of the most sensitive targets in response to maternal obesity and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus. While many of the effects of obesity on brain function in adults are known, we are only now beginning to understand the multitude of changes that occur in the brain during development on exposure to maternal overnutrition. Specifically, given recent links between maternal metabolic state and onset of neurodevelopmental diseases, the specific changes that are occurring in the offspring are even more relevant for the study of disease onset. It is therefore critical to understand the developmental effects of maternal obesity and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus and further to define the underlying cellular and molecular changes in the fetal brain. This review focuses on the current advancements in the study of maternal programming of brain development with particular emphasis on brain connectivity, specific regional effects, newly studied peripheral contributors, and key windows of interventions where maternal bodyweight and food intake may drive the most detrimental effects on the brain and associated metabolic and behavioral consequences.
Dapagliflozin: A Review in Type 2 Diabetes.; Dapagliflozin (Forxiga(®)) is a highly potent, reversible and selective sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitor indicated worldwide for the treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D). In the EU, oral dapagliflozin once daily is approved for use as monotherapy (in patients who are intolerant of metformin) and as add-on combination therapy (with other glucose-lowering agents, including insulin) for T2D when diet and exercise alone do not provide adequate glycaemic control. In numerous well-designed clinical studies and their extensions, dapagliflozin as monotherapy and combination therapy with other antihyperglycaemic agents provided effective glycaemic control and reduced bodyweight and blood pressure (BP) across a broad spectrum of patients. Dapagliflozin reduced the rate of cardiovascular (CV) death or hospitalization for heart failure (HHF), did not adversely affect major adverse CV events (MACE) and possibly reduced progression of renal disease relative to placebo in patients with established atherosclerotic CV disease (CVD) or multiple risk factors for CVD. Dapagliflozin was generally well tolerated, with a low risk of hypoglycaemia; diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), although rare, and genital infections were more common with dapagliflozin than placebo. Given its antihyperglycaemic, cardioprotective and possibly renoprotective properties and generally favourable tolerability profile, dapagliflozin provides an important option for the management of a broad patient population, regardless of the history of CVD.
Neurocognitive sequelae of infants of diabetic mothers.; On the basis of animal models, it was hypothesized that infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) would be at risk for suffering damage to the hippocampus primarily because of fetal iron deficiency, chronic hypoxia, and hypoglycemia. This, in turn, may result in impairments in recognition memory at a young age. To test this model, the memory of 6-month-old IDMs and control infants was evaluated with electrophysiological (event-related potential [ERP]) and behavioral (looking time) measures. At 12 months, the Bayley Scales of Infant Development was administered. Our ERP measures showed robust evidence consistent with memory deficits in the IDMs. In contrast, the looking time measures and the Bayley exam failed to distinguish between the groups. From these results it was concluded that the ERP, but not the behavioral, measures are able to detect, in an at-risk population, deficits in recognition memory that are thought to be mediated by damage to the hippocampus.
Vasomotor menopausal disorders as a possible result of dysfunction of the microbiota-intestine-brain axis.; The study involved clinical and laboratory examination of 54 women with vasomotor menopausal disorders divided into 3 subgroups depending on the duration of symptoms (not more than 12 months, about 3 years, from 5 to 7 years). The control group included 21 patients without vasomotor disorders during the menopausal period. Data from the general and obstetric-gynecological anamnesis and the results of objective and general clinical examinations were analyzed. To assess the state of intestinal microbiocenosis in patients, a bacteriological study of feces was used according to modern methods. In women with menopausal vasomotor disorders, chronic arterial hypertension, overweight, diabetes mellitus, chronic enterocolitis, and chronic pyelonephritis prevailed among somatic diseases. The study also revealed that these patients had a pronounced imbalance of the intensive microbiota, which was characterized by a significant decrease in the main representatives of the obligate microflora (Bifidobacterium, Lactobacillus) and an increase in the number of opportunistic strains (Klebsiella and Clostridiodes difficile). Considering modern concepts, a change in the microbial composition of the intestine may be one of the possible trigger factors for the occurrence of vasomotor menopausal disorders. Further research will clarify the influence of the microbiome on the formation of the pathological menopausal symptom complex and improve the preventive and therapeutic measures in this category of women.
Ultrasound and Doppler findings in pregnant women with SARS-CoV-2 infection.; OBJECTIVES: To describe and compare ultrasound and Doppler findings in pregnant women who were positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) with findings in those who were SARS-CoV-2-negative, evaluated during the pandemic period. METHODS: In this retrospective case-control study, we analyzed data from 106 pregnant women who tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 at the time of, or within 1 week of, an ultrasound scan between 1 May and 31 August 2020. Scans were either performed for routine fetal evaluation or indicated due to a positive SARS-CoV-2 test. Forty-nine women were symptomatic and 57 were asymptomatic. For comparison, we analyzed data from 103 pregnant women matched for maternal age, parity, body mass index and gestational age at the time of the ultrasound scan. These control women did not report symptoms of SARS-CoV-2 infection at the time of the ultrasound scan or at the time of admission for delivery and had a negative SARS-CoV-2 test at admission for delivery. Fetal biometry, fetal anatomy, amniotic fluid volume and Doppler parameters, including umbilical and fetal middle cerebral artery pulsatility indices, cerebroplacental ratio and biophysical profile (BPP), were evaluated as indicated. Biometric and Doppler values were converted to Z-scores for comparison. Our primary outcome, an adverse prenatal composite outcome (APCO) included any one or more of: small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetus, oligohydramnios, abnormal BPP, abnormal Doppler velocimetry and fetal death. Comorbidities, delivery information and neonatal outcome were compared between the two groups. RESULTS: Eighty-seven (82.1%) women who were positive for SARS-CoV-2 had a body mass index > 25 kg/m(2) . SARS-CoV-2-positive women had a higher prevalence of diabetes (26/106 (24.5%) vs 13/103 (12.6%); P = 0.03), but not of pre-eclampsia (21/106 (19.8%) vs 11/103 (10.7%); P = 0.08), compared with controls. The prevalence of APCO was not significantly different between SARS-CoV-2-positive women (19/106 (17.9%)) and controls (9/103 (8.7%)) (P = 0.06). There were no differences between SARS-CoV-2-positive women and controls in the prevalence of SGA fetuses (12/106 (11.3%) vs 6/103 (5.8%); P = 0.17), fetuses with abnormal Doppler evaluation (8/106 (7.5%) vs 2/103 (1.9%); P = 0.08) and fetuses with abnormal BPP (4/106 (3.8%) vs 0/103 (0%); P = 0.14). There were two fetal deaths in women who were positive for SARS-CoV-2 and these women had a higher rate of preterm delivery ≤ 35 weeks of gestation (22/106 (20.8%) vs 9/103 (8.7%); odds ratio, 2.73 (95% CI, 1.19-6.3); P = 0.01) compared with controls. CONCLUSIONS: There were no significant differences in abnormal fetal ultrasound and Doppler findings observed between pregnant women who were positive for SARS-CoV-2 and controls. However, preterm delivery ≤ 35 weeks was more frequent among SARS-CoV-2-positive women. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
[Screening pregnant women for hypothyroidism: as yet only in high risk groups].; Several recent publications have drawn attention to the possible relationship between a lowered serum thyroxine concentration in pregnant women and subsequent retarded neuropsychological development of their children. Experimental evidence suggests that circulating maternal thyroxine is an important source of thyroid hormone for the developing foetal brain during the first trimester. These considerations have led some authors to advocate a population-based screening program for hypothyroidism in pregnancy. However, at present it is unclear when such screening should take place, which screening test should be used, and what the benefit of therapeutic intervention is in terms of neuropsychological outcome. At present, screening seems not warranted, but we would advocate case finding of (subclinical) auto-immune hypothyroidism in certain risk groups (e.g., positive family history for auto-immune thyroid disease, or presence of type 1 diabetes mellitus) since treatment in these cases is warranted. The establishment of the optimal timing and nature of screening for hypothyroidism in pregnant women and of its cost-effectiveness is an attractive goal for a research project in a defined region.
Programming of obesity and cardiovascular disease.; BACKGROUND: There is evidence that malnutrition in early life induces a growth retardation leading, in adult life, to manifest components of the metabolic syndrome. However, the impact on obesity seems less clearly established. OBJECTIVE: To review the effects of foetal and postnatal malnutrition on the programming of obesity in the context of the metabolic syndrome, as well as the link between central obesity and cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: Included in the review were recent papers exploring the mechanisms linking maternal nutrition with impaired foetal growth and later obesity, cardiovascular disease, hypertension and diabetes in humans and animals. RESULTS: The programming of obesity during foetal and early postnatal life depends of the timing of maternal malnutrition as well as the postnatal environment. Obesity arises principally in offspring submitted to malnutrition during early stages of gestation and which presented early catch-up growth. The programming may involve the dysregulation of appetite control or the hormonal environment leading to a context favourable to obesity development (hypersecretion of corticosteroids, hyperinsulinaemia and hyperleptinaemia and anomalies in the IGF axis). Adipose tissue secretes actively several factors implicated in inflammation, blood pressure, coagulation and fibrinolysis. The programmed development of intra-abdominal obesity after early growth restriction may thus favour higher prevalence of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. CONCLUSIONS: Abdominal obesity appears in malnourished offspring and is aggravated by early catch-up growth. Higher rates of intra-abdominal obesity observed after growth restriction may participate to hypertension and create atherothrombotic conditions leading to the development of cardiovascular diseases.
[Obesity and diabetes as side-effects of beta-blockers].; Overweight and obesity may develop in individuals with genetically determined low resting energy expenditure. Drugs are among the recognised precipitating factors. The obesity promoting impact of beta-blockers is, however, less well known. Resting energy expenditure, and thermogenesis induced by stimuli such as meals, cold and heat exposure, stress and anxiety, have a facultative component mediated by the sympathoadrenal system through catecholamines working on beta-adrenoceptors. Treatment with beta-blockers reduces the facultative thermogenesis by 50-100 kcal/d, which corresponds to the weight gain of 2-5 kg/year reported in clinical trials. Treatment with beta-blockers also results in insulin resistance, which may aggravate existing diabetes and elicit diabetes in predisposed patients. Overweight and obesity are frequently complicated with hypertension and angina pectoris, which are often treated with beta-blockers. Obesity is associated with a defective sympathetic activity, and treatment with beta-blockers may further reduce facultative thermogenesis and promote weight gain. The consequence may be aggravation of hypertension, insulin resistance and other atherogenic factors. The causal therapy of android overweight and obesity complicated with diabetes or hypertension is a sufficient weight loss. If pharmacological treatment is inevitable, combined treatment with diuretics and ACE-inhibitors are most appropriate.
Eye disease and mortality, cognition, disease, and modifiable risk factors: an umbrella review of meta-analyses of observational studies.; Globally, 2.2 billion people live with some form of vision impairment and/or eye disease. To date, most systematic reviews examining associations have focused on a single eye disease and there is no systematic evaluation of the relationships between eye diseases and diverse physical and mental health outcomes. Moreover, the strength and reliability of the literature is unclear. We performed an umbrella review of observational studies with meta analyses for any physical and/or mental comorbidities associated with eye disease. For each association, random-effects summary effect size, heterogeneity, small-study effect, excess significance bias and 95% prediction intervals were calculated, and used to grade significant evidence from convincing to weak. 34 studies were included covering 58 outcomes. No outcomes yielded convincing evidence, six outcomes yielded highly suggestive results (cataract positively associated with type 2 diabetes, open-angled glaucoma positively associated with myopia and diabetes, diabetic retinopathy positively associated with cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular mortality, and retinopathy of prematurity positively associated with chorioamnionitis), eight outcomes yielded suggestive results (diabetic retinopathy positively associated with all-cause mortality and depression, diabetic macular oedema positively associated with dyslipidaemia, cataract positively associated with gout, nuclear sclerosis positively associated with all-cause mortality, open angled glaucoma positively associated with migraine and hypertension, and age-related macular degeneration positively associated with diabetes), and 18 outcomes yielded weak evidence. Results show highly suggestive or suggestive evidence for associations between several types of eye diseases with several comorbid outcomes. Practitioners and public health policies should note these findings when developing healthcare policies.
Plasma cathepsin L and its related pro/antiangiogenic factors play useful roles in predicting rich coronary collaterals in patients with coronary heart disease.; Cathepsin L enhances angiogenesis by increasing extracellular matrix degradation and remodelling. This study investigated whether plasma cathepsin L could be used as a biomarker to predict collateral formation in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Patients with CHD (n = 218; aged 67 ± 11 years) underwent coronary angiography and were categorized as having either 'poor' or 'rich' collaterals. Plasma cathepsin L, the proangiogenic placenta growth factor (PLGF) and the antiangiogenic factors, cystatin C and endostatin, were measured. Elevated cathepsin L and PLGF levels were independently and significantly associated with enhanced collateral formation in patients with CHD; subgroup analyses also showed a significant correlation in patients with diabetes and acute coronary syndrome. Plasma endostatin and cystatin C levels were not significantly correlated with coronary collateral formation. Plasma cathepsin L and PLGF, acting as important modulators of angiogenesis, could be used as biomarkers to predict coronary collateral formation in patients with CHD.
Metabolic profiling uncovers a phenotypic signature of small for gestational age in early pregnancy.; Being born small for gestational age (SGA) confers increased risks of perinatal morbidity and mortality and increases the risk of cardiovascular complications and diabetes in later life. Accumulating evidence suggests that the etiology of SGA is usually associated with poor placental vascular development in early pregnancy. We examined metabolomic profiles using ultra performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS) in three independent studies: (a) venous cord plasma from normal and SGA babies, (b) plasma from a rat model of placental insufficiency and controls, and (c) early pregnancy peripheral plasma samples from women who subsequently delivered a SGA baby and controls. Multivariate analysis by cross-validated Partial Least Squares Discriminant Analysis (PLS-DA) of all 3 studies showed a comprehensive and similar disruption of plasma metabolism. A multivariate predictive model combining 19 metabolites produced by a Genetic Algorithm-based search program gave an Odds Ratio for developing SGA of 44, with an area under the Receiver Operator Characteristic curve of 0.9. Sphingolipids, phospholipids, carnitines, and fatty acids were among this panel of metabolites. The finding of a consistent discriminatory metabolite signature in early pregnancy plasma preceding the onset of SGA offers insight into disease pathogenesis and offers the promise of a robust presymptomatic screening test.
Complications of Transfusion-Dependent β-Thalassemia Patients in Sistan and Baluchistan, South-East of Iran.; Background: Thalassemia syndromes are among prevalent hereditary disorders imposing high expenses on health-care system worldwide and in Iran. Organ failure represents a life-threatening challenge in transfusion- dependent β-thalassemia (TDT) patients. The purpose of the present study was to determine the frequency of organ dysfunctions among TDT patients in Sistan and Baluchistan province in South-East of Iran. Materials and Methods: Laboratory and clinical data were extracted from medical records as well as by interviews. Standard criteria were applied to recognize cardiac, gonadal, endocrine and renal dysfunctions. The collected data were analyzed using the SPSS statistics software (Ver.19). Results: A total of 613 TDT patients (54.3% males and 45.7% females) were included in this study. The mean age of patients was 13.3 ±7.7 years old. Cardiac events comprised the most encountered complications (76.4%), following by hypogonadism (46.8%), parathyroid dysfunction (22%), thyroid abnormalities (8.3%), diabetes (7.8%) and renal disease (1.8%). Hypogonadism comprised the most identified complication in patient <15 years old, while the cardiac complications were the most frequent sequela in patients >15 years old (P<0.01). Conclusion: As cardiac events are significantly more common among TDT patients, close monitoring of the heart function is recommended for identifying patients with cardiac problems.
Stereological study of the effects of maternal diabetes on cerebellar cortex development in rat.; Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with the deficits in balance and motor coordination and altered social behaviors in offspring. In the present study, we have investigated the effect of maternal diabetes and insulin treatment on the cerebellar volume and morphogenesis of the cerebellar cortex of rat neonates during the first two postnatal weeks. Sprague Dawley female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition. At the end of pregnancy, the male offspring euthanized on postnatal days (P) 0, 7, and 14. Cavalieri's principle and fractionator methods were used to estimate the cerebellar volume, the thickness and the number of cells in the different layers of the cerebellar cortex. In spite of P0, there was a significant reduction in the cerebellar volume and the thickness of the external granule, molecular, and internal granule layers between the diabetic and the control animals. In diabetic group, the granular and purkinje cell densities were increased at P0. Moreover, the number of granular and purkinje cells in the cerebellum of diabetic neonates was reduced in comparison with the control group at P7 and P14. There were no significant differences in either the volume and thickness or the number of cells in the different layers of the cerebellar cortex between the insulin-treated diabetic group and controls. Our data indicate that diabetes in pregnancy disrupts the morphogenesis of cerebellar cortex. This dysmorphogenesis may be part of the cascade of events through which diabetes during pregnancy affects motor coordination and social behaviors in offspring.
The Impact of the Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor on Antenatal Chemical Exposure-Induced Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Programming.; Early life exposure lays the groundwork for the risk of developing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic (CKM) syndrome in adulthood. Various environmental chemicals to which pregnant mothers are commonly exposed can disrupt fetal programming, leading to a wide range of CKM phenotypes. The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) has a key role as a ligand-activated transcription factor in sensing these environmental chemicals. Activating AHR through exposure to environmental chemicals has been documented for its adverse impacts on cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, diabetes, obesity, kidney disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, as evidenced by both epidemiological and animal studies. In this review, we compile current human evidence and findings from animal models that support the connection between antenatal chemical exposures and CKM programming, focusing particularly on AHR signaling. Additionally, we explore potential AHR modulators aimed at preventing CKM syndrome. As the pioneering review to present evidence advocating for the avoidance of toxic chemical exposure during pregnancy and deepening our understanding of AHR signaling, this has the potential to mitigate the global burden of CKM syndrome in the future.
Nrf2/ARE regulated antioxidant gene expression in endothelial and smooth muscle cells in oxidative stress: implications for atherosclerosis and preeclampsia.; Increased generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) in vascular diseases such as atherosclerosis, diabetes, chronic renal failure and preeclampsia readily leads to impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation and vascular injury. To counteract ROS- and electrophile-mediated injury, cells can induce a number of genes encoding phase II detoxifying enzymes and antioxidant proteins. A cis-acting transcriptional regulatory element, designated as antioxidant response element (ARE) or electrophile response element (EpRE), mediates the transcriptional activation of genes such as heme oxygenase-1, gamma-glutamylcysteine synthethase, thioredoxin reductase, glutathione-S-transferase and NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase. Other antioxidant enzymes such as superoxide dismutase and catalase and non-enzymatic scavengers such as glutathione are also involved in scavenging ROS. Nuclear factor-erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), a member of the Cap nno Collar family of basic region-leucine zipper (bZIP) transcription factors, plays an important role in ARE-mediated antioxidant gene expression. Kelch-like ECH-associated protein-1 (Keap1) normally sequesters Nrf2 in the cytoplasm in association with the actin cytoskeleton, but upon oxidation of cysteine residues Nrf2 dissociates from Keap1, translocates to the nucleus and binds to ARE sequences leading to transcriptional activation of antioxidant and phase II detoxifying genes. Protein kinase C (PKC), mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) and phosphotidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) have been implicated in the regulation of Nrf2/ARE signaling. We here review the evidence that the Nrf2/ARE signaling pathway plays an important role in vascular homeostasis and the defense of endothelial and smooth muscle cells against sustained oxidative stress associated with diseases such as atherosclerosis and preeclampsia.
Pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome: multifactorial assessment from the foetal stage to menopause.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial disorder that arises from interactions between genetic, environmental and intra-uterine factors. Small-for-gestational-age (SGA) babies and the daughters of mothers with PCOS represent possible postnatal clinical targets for developmental programming by steroid excess. The presence of excess glucocorticoids and/or androgens during foetal organogenesis and growth might promote changes in gene expression, and these changes might be related to an increase in the risk of PCOS-like reproductive and metabolic disorders in postnatal life, such as rapid growth and weight gain during the first 2 years of life (only in SGA babies), hyperinsulinaemia, adipocyte dysfunction and childhood visceral obesity, premature pubarche and adrenarche (only in SGA babies) and PCOS. In the fourth decade of life, women who have PCOS may be at higher risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia and systemic arterial hypertension, which suggests that these women are also at higher risk for cardiovascular disease during menopause. However, PCOS can also occur in women who were born at appropriate weight for GA or in newborns of women without PCOS, which suggests that genetic variation and environmental factors play important roles in the development and maintenance of PCOS in a population. Genome-wide association studies based on adequate population samples have shown a higher frequency of genetic polymorphisms of the LHCGR, THADA and DENND1A genes in women with PCOS. Genetic studies of PCOS have also included analyses of structural changes in the chromosome based on an assessment of telomere length in single, cross-sectional evaluations, and these studies have produced controversial results. The present narrative review assesses the multifactorial origins of PCOS (including environmental, genetic and intra-uterine factors) and the development of conditions associated with this disorder. It is concluded that although PCOS might originate in the intra-uterine environment through developmental programming by steroid excess, the interaction between genetic and environmental factors is crucial for its appearance. Follow-up studies should be conducted to assess the same populations over their entire lifespans while taking into account different aspects of the pathogenesis of PCOS.
Increasing nausea and vomiting of pregnancy is associated with sex-dependent differences in early childhood growth: the GUSTO mother-offspring cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Nausea and vomiting of pregnancy (NVP) is common and underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. Longer-term offspring outcomes are also not well documented. This study aimed to determine if NVP, even in milder forms, is associated with adverse pregnancy and childhood growth outcomes. METHODS: In the GUSTO prospective mother-offspring cohort, women with singleton pregnancies (n = 1172) recruited in first trimester responded to interviewer-administered questions at 26-28 weeks' gestation about earlier episodes of NVP since becoming pregnant. Pregnancy outcomes were obtained from medical records. Offspring height and weight measured at 15 time-points between birth to 72 months (m) were standardised for age and sex. RESULTS: 58.5% (n = 686) reported mild-moderate vomiting (mNVP), 10.5% (n = 123) severe vomiting (sNVP) and 5.7% (n = 67) severe vomiting with hospitalisation (shNVP). There was no difference in odds of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, labour induction or caesarean section after adjustment for covariates. sNVP was associated with late preterm delivery [34(+ 0)-36(+ 6) weeks', adjusted OR = 3.04 (95% CI 1.39,6.68)], without increased odds of neonatal unit admission. Compared with no NVP, boys born to mothers with sNVP were longer at birth [adjusted β = 0.38 standard deviations (SDs) (95% CI 0.02,0.73)], remained taller [0.64 SDs (0.23,1.04) at 72 m] and heavier [0.57 SDs (0.05,1.08) at 60 m] without differences in BMI. Conversely, girls born to mothers with shNVP were lighter from 48 m [- 0.52 SDs (- 1.00, - 0.03)] onwards with lower BMI [- 0.61 SDs (- 1.12,-0.09)]. Conditional growth modelling revealed significant sex-divergence in weight-gain at birth-3 m, 6-9 m and 4-5 years. CONCLUSIONS: Severe NVP was associated with late preterm delivery, and both mild-moderate and severe NVP associated with sex-dependent differences in early childhood growth. Boys whose mothers had NVP were taller and heavier from birth with faster growth in the first year, whereas, girls had poorer weight gain and were lighter by 48 m. As even milder severities of NVP could have long-term impact on offspring growth, further research is needed to determine mechanisms involved and implications on future health. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT01174875 .
Maternal proteinuria in twin compared with singleton pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: To compare 24-hour urinary protein excretion in twin and singleton pregnancies not complicated by hypertension. METHODS: We prospectively evaluated mean 24-hour urinary protein excretion in twin and singleton pregnancies between 24 0/7 weeks and 36 0/7 weeks of gestation. Women with urinary tract infections, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, and renal or autoimmune diseases were excluded. Collection adequacy was assessed by urinary creatinine excretion adjusted for maternal weight. RESULTS: Adequate samples were obtained from 50 twin and 49 singleton pregnancies at a mean gestational age of 30 weeks. At collection, the two groups were similar with regard to maternal age, gestational age, body mass index, and blood pressure. Mean urinary protein excretion was higher in twin compared with singleton pregnancies (269.3±124.1 mg compared with 204.3±92.5 mg, P=.004). Proteinuria (300 mg/day protein or greater) occurred in 38.0% (n=19) of twin and 8.2% (n=4) of singleton pregnancies (P<.001). After adjusting for confounding variables, the difference in mean total protein excretion remained significant (P=.004) and twins were more likely to have proteinuria compared with singleton pregnancies (adjusted odds ratio 9.1, 95% confidence interval 2.1-38.5). Nineteen participants developed a hypertensive disorder at a mean of 7.7 weeks after the urine collection (range 2.6-14.5 weeks). After excluding these women, proteinuria was present in 43% of twin and 7% of singleton pregnancies (P<.001). CONCLUSION: Mean 24-hour urinary protein excretion in twin pregnancies is greater than in singletons. These data suggest a reevaluation of the diagnostic criteria for preeclampsia in twin pregnancies. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Impact of Angiogenic and Cardiovascular Biomarkers for Prediction of Placental Dysfunction in the First Trimester of Pregnancy.; Algorithms for first-trimester prediction of pre-eclampsia usually include maternal risk factors, blood pressure, placental growth factor (PlGF), and uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index. However, these models lack sensitivity for the prediction of late-onset pre-eclampsia and other placental complications of pregnancy, such as small for gestational age infants or preterm birth. The aim of this study was to assess the screening performance of PlGF, soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), uric acid, and high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T (hs-TnT) in the prediction of adverse obstetric outcomes related to placental insufficiency. This retrospective case-control study was based on a cohort of 1390 pregnant women, among which 210 presented pre-eclampsia, small for gestational age infants, or preterm birth. Two hundred and eight women with healthy pregnancies were selected as controls. Serum samples were collected between weeks 9 and 13 of gestation, and maternal serum concentrations of PlGF, sFlt-1, NT-proBNP, uric acid, and hs-TnT were measured. Multivariate regression analysis was used to generate predictive models combining maternal factors with the above-mentioned biomarkers. Women with placental dysfunction had lower median concentrations of PlGF (25.77 vs. 32.00 pg/mL; p < 0.001), sFlt-1 (1212.0 vs. 1363.5 pg/mL; p = 0.001), and NT-proBNP (51.22 vs. 68.71 ng/L; p < 0.001) and higher levels of uric acid (193.66 µmol/L vs. 177.40 µmol/L; p = 0.001). There was no significant difference between groups regarding the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio. Hs-TnT was not detected in 70% of the maternal serums analyzed. Altered biomarker concentrations increased the risk of the analyzed complications both in univariate and multivariate analyses. The addition of PlGF, sFlt-1, and NT-proBNP to maternal variables improved the prediction of pre-eclampsia, small for gestational age infants, and preterm birth (area under the curve: 0.710, 0.697, 0.727, and 0.697 vs. 0.668, respectively). Reclassification improvement was greater in maternal factors plus the PlGF model and maternal factors plus the NT-p roBNP model (net reclassification index, NRI: 42.2% and 53.5%, respectively). PlGF, sFlt-1, NT-proBNP, and uric acid measurements in the first trimester of pregnancy, combined with maternal factors, can improve the prediction of adverse perinatal outcomes related to placental dysfunction. In addition to PlGF, uric acid and NT-proBNP are two promising predictive biomarkers for placental dysfunction in the first trimester of pregnancy.
A population-based study of an Italian genetic isolate reveals that mean platelet volume is not a risk factor for thrombosis.; INTRODUCTION: Several studies revealed that mean platelet volume (MPV) was larger in the acute phase of arterial and venous thrombosis and predicted a poor clinical outcome. It has been suggested that MPV is a risk factor for thrombosis. However, it is unclear whether increased platelet size is a cause or a consequence of thrombosis. It was the objective of this study to verify whether MPV is a risk factor for arterial and venous thrombosis. METHODS: We search for associations between platelet parameters and thrombosis by a population-based study in 11,084 inhabitants of an Italian genetic isolate characterized by wide variability of platelet parameters. To validate this methodology of investigation, we also evaluated whether it was able to identify several well known thrombotic risk factors in the study population. RESULTS: Statistical analysis confirmed that male gender, ageing, hypertension, high total cholesterol, low HDL cholesterol, diabetes, obesity and smoking were risk factors for arterial thrombosis, while alcohol consumption had a protective effect. Female gender, ageing, pregnancy, estroprogestinic treatment, obesity, varicose veins were associated with venous thrombosis. At variance, MPV and platelet count were unrelated to previous thrombotic events. However, MPV was negatively correlated with the time since the last thrombotic event. CONCLUSIONS: This study indicated that an epidemiologic study of a population isolate is appropriate for the identification of thrombotic risk factors, but it failed to identify such a role for MPV. Thus, we suggest that the increased MPV previously described in subjects with acute thrombosis was a consequence instead of a cause of thrombosis.
[Breastfeeding: health benefits for child and mother].; The prevalence of breastfeeding in France is one of the lowest in Europe: 65% of infants born in France in 2010 were breastfed when leaving the maternity ward. Exclusive breastfeeding allows normal growth until at least 6 months of age, and can be prolonged until the age of 2 years or more, provided that complementary feeding is started after 6 months. Breast milk contains hormones, growth factors, cytokines, immunocompetent cells, etc., and has many biological properties. The composition of breast milk is influenced by gestational and postnatal age, as well as by the moment of the feed. Breastfeeding is associated with slightly enhanced performance on tests of cognitive development. Exclusive breastfeeding for at least 3 months is associated with a lower incidence and severity of diarrhoea, otitis media and respiratory infection. Exclusive breastfeeding for at least 4 months is associated with a lower incidence of allergic disease (asthma, atopic dermatitis) during the first 2 to 3 years of life in at-risk infants (infants with at least one first-degree relative presenting with allergy). Breastfeeding is also associated with a lower incidence of obesity during childhood and adolescence, as well as with a lower blood pressure and cholesterolemia in adulthood. However, no beneficial effect of breastfeeding on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality has been shown. Maternal infection with hepatitis B and C virus is not a contraindication to breastfeeding, as opposed to HIV infection and galactosemia. A supplementation with vitamin D and K is necessary in the breastfed infant. Very few medications contraindicate breastfeeding. Premature babies can be breastfed and/or receive mother's milk and/or bank milk, provided they receive energy, protein and mineral supplements. Return to prepregnancy weight is earlier in breastfeeding mothers during the 6 months following delivery. Breastfeeding is also associated with a decreased risk of breast and ovarian cancer in the premenopausal period, and of osteoporosis in the postmenopausal period.
Differences in body composition and energy expenditure in prepubertal children born term or preterm appropriate or small for gestational age.; Small size at birth may result from fetal undernutrition which may occur at different times during gestation. Early postnatal catch-up growth and excess childhood weight gain are associated with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The aim of this study was to assess the relative contributions of body composition and energy expenditure on fasting insulin sensitivity during late childhood. We took advantage of two previously described prospective cohorts of children born either at term or prematurely, with a wide range of birth weights adjusted for gestational age. Seventy-one prepubertal children (mean age 7.5 +/- 0.3 years) were examined: 23 term SGA (8 M, 15 F), 12 preterm SGA (7 M, 5 F), 16 term AGA (8 M, 8 F), and 20 preterm AGA (9 M, 11 F). Mean height SDS was -0.18 +/- 0.11 and mean BMI SDS was 0.27 +/- 0.03. Change in weight SDS was significantly higher in children born SGA compared to their AGA counterparts (p < 0.001). Change in weight SDS was highly correlated with fasting insulin (p < 0.03) and leptin (p < 0.001). Fasting insulin correlated only with serum leptin levels. Body composition appeared to be the main determinant of fasting leptin levels. No differences in lipid profile were observed between the different groups. There was a clear tendency to higher insulin and leptin levels in children born SGA compared with their AGA counterparts. IGF-I levels were significantly higher only in SGA term compared to AGA term. Resting energy expenditure (REE) was lower in SGA born at term and higher in SGA born preterm compared to their AGA counterparts. In conclusion, fasting insulin sensitivity is mainly determined by leptin levels which in turn are determined by body composition. IGF-I and REE showed a divergent pattern in SGA term compared to SGA preterm groups. IGF-I levels were determined only by weight change from birth to age 2 years, which may not be as pronounced in VLBW children compared to SGA term and thus may preclude a difference in IGF-I levels in the group of preterm children. The divergent effect in REE in SGA born at term compared to SGA born preterm compared to their AGA counterparts may explain the divergent effects on IGF-I. This difference might be a consequence of different timing in the exposure to intrauterine nutritional deficiency.
[Clinical aspects of hypertension under contraceptive steroids].; In Europe, about 1 per cent of women using oral contraceptives develop hypertension. The frequency seems to increase with age and in women who had earlier shown hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. A failure in the feedback mechanisms of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system is suggested to be an important factor in the etiology of hypertension induced by oral contraceptives. Usually, blood pressure returns to normal after cessation of treatment with contraceptive steroids; on the other hand, some cases of irreversible hypertension and kidney failure have been described. Besides the measurement of blood pressure before any treatment with hormonal contraceptives is started, blood pressure should be controlled after three months. In the differential diagnosis of hypertension induced by oral contraceptives, primary aldosteronism and renal artery stenosis have to be excluded; these hypertensive disorders show similar biochemical changes, but should be treated by surgical intervention. The choice of other contraceptives by women with this type of hypertensive disease is discussed.
Prenatal nutrition: a critical window of opportunity for mother and child.; The prenatal period encompasses a critical window for future health and functioning of mother and child. Attention previously focused on undernutrition risk (i.e., in developing countries and famine conditions) shifted to mismatch between prenatal 'programming' by undernutrition and postnatal overconsumption (i.e., low birthweight vs rapid postnatal growth), now to overconsumption/overweight throughout the reproductive cycle and short- and long-term health risks, including obesity, diabetes, dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, overconsumption/overweight do not guarantee adequacy of critical nutrients (i.e., against birth defects or for brain development). Multinutrient supplementation - including zinc, iodine, choline and long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids, especially n-3 - may have advantages over single-nutrient supplements, for example, iron or folate. Future nutritional care for healthy in utero programming may necessitate individual assessment and follow-up, including preconception nutritional preparation, appropriate weight gain, metabolic balance and food-based regimens enhanced by key nutrient fortification and/or supplementation, warranting further research into nutritional optimization of pregnancy outcomes.
Maternal Weight Gain Regulates Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Male, Not Female, Neonates.; The fetus largely depends on maternal supply and placental transport for its source of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFAs), which are essential for proper neurological and cardiovascular development. Pregnancy complications such as diabetes reduces neonatal LCPUFA supply, but little is known of how fatty acid delivery is affected by maternal body type or weight gain in uncomplicated pregnancies. In a cross-sectional study of maternal-neonatal pairs at term, we sought to determine the effect of gestational weight gain on neonatal LCPUFA supply. Forty maternal-neonatal pairs of uncomplicated (no gestational hypertension or diabetes) term pregnancies were recruited upon admission to Oregon Health & Science University Labor & Delivery for scheduled cesarean section. Maternal and umbilical cord plasma fatty acid profiles were measured using gas chromatography-mass spectrophotometry. First trimester weight gain was negatively correlated with maternal n-3 LCPUFA ( r = -0.80, P = .0002), and this was not affected by fetal sex. High maternal weight gain in the first trimester was negatively associated with cord n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid levels ( r = -0.70, P = .03) and placental thickness ( r = -0.69, P = .03) in male, but not female, offspring. High maternal weight gain in the first trimester is associated with a thinner placenta and low levels of n-3 LCPUFA in male offspring. Further study is required to confirm that male offspring are at a higher risk of poor outcomes associated with high maternal weight gain early in pregnancy.
Associations between body mass index and development of metabolic disorders in fertile women--a nationwide cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic disorders are relatively uncommon in young women, but may increase with obesity. The associations between body mass index (BMI) and risks of diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia in apparently healthy, young women have been insufficiently investigated, and are the aims of this study. METHODS AND RESULTS: Women giving birth during the years 2004-2009, with no history of cardiovascular disease, renal insufficiency, pregnancy-associated metabolic disorders, diabetes, hypertension, or dyslipidemia were identified in nationwide registers. Women were categorized as underweight (BMI<18.5 kg/m(2)), normal weight (BMI=18.5 to <25 kg/m(2)), overweight (BMI=25 to <30 kg/m(2)), obese-I (BMI=30 to <35 kg/m(2)), obese-II (BMI=35 to <40 kg/m(2)), and obese-III (BMI≥40 kg/m(2)). We assessed risks by Poisson regression models (adjusted for age, calendar year; reference=normal weight). The cohort comprised 252 472 women with a median age of 30.4 years (IQR=27.2;33.7) and a median follow-up of 5.5 years (IQR=3.9;6.8). In total, 2029 women developed diabetes, 3133 women developed hypertension, and 1549 women developed dyslipidemia. Rate ratios (RRs) of diabetes were: 0.84 (95% confidence interval [CI]=0.62 to 1.14) for underweight, 2.63 (CI=2.36 to 2.93) for overweight, 4.83 (CI=4.27 to 5.47) for obese grade-I, 7.17 (CI=6.10 to 8.48) for obese grade-II, and 6.93 (CI=5.47 to 8.79) for obese grade-III women. For hypertension, corresponding RRs were 0.86 (CI=0.69 to 1.09), 1.82 (CI=1.67 to 1.98), 2.81 (CI=2.52 to 3.13), 3.92 (CI=3.36 to 4.56), and 5.69 (CI=4.71 to 6.89), and for dyslipidemia, RRs were 1.18 (CI=0.85 to 1.65), 2.01 (CI=1.75 to 2.31), 3.11 (CI=2.61 to 3.70), 4.64 (CI=3.66 to 5.87), and 3.72 (CI=2.53 to 5.48). CONCLUSIONS: In this nationwide study of fertile, apparently healthy women, pre-pregnancy BMI was strongly associated with an increased risk of diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia within 5.5 years following childbirth.
Chinese geneticists' views of ethical issues in genetic testing and screening: evidence for eugenics in China.; To identify Chinese geneticists' views of ethical issues in genetic testing and screening, a national survey was conducted. Of 402 Chinese geneticists asked to participate, 255 (63%) returned by mail anonymous questionnaires. The majority of respondents thought that genetic testing should be offered in the workplace for alpha-antitrypsin deficiency (95%) and the predisposition of executives to heart disease, cancer, and diabetes (94%); that genetic testing should be included in preemployment physical examinations (86%); that governments should require premarital carrier tests (86%), newborn screening for sickle cell (77%), and Duchenne muscular dystrophy (71%); and that children should be tested for genes for late-onset disorders such as Huntington disease (85%), susceptibility to cancers (85%), familial hypercholesterolemia (84%), alcoholism (69%), and Alzheimer disease (61%). Most believed that partners should know each other's genetic status before marriage (92%), that carriers of the same defective gene should not mate with each other (91%), and that women should have a prenatal diagnosis if medically indicated (91%). The majority said that in China decisions about family planning were shared by the couple (82%). More than half had views that, in China, there were no laws to prohibit disability discrimination (64%), particularly to protect people with adult polycystic kidney disease (57%), cystic fibrosis (56%), or genetic predisposition to other diseases (50%). To some extent, these results might provide a basis for a discussion of eugenics in China, particularly about China's Maternal and Infant Health Care Law (1994).
Insulin resistance and lipid accumulation product in corelation to body mass index in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.; INTRODUCTION: Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) are at increased risk for cardiovascular morbidity and metabolic disorders including: dyslipidaemia, hypertension, insulin resistance, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of obesity and insulin resistance in women with PCOS is significantly higher compared to the general population. Lipid accumulation product is a new, cheap and easily available predictor for metabolic syndrome both in general population and in women with PCOS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The study included 50 patients at the Clinic of Endocrinology, Diabetes and Metabolic Disorders, Clinical Center University of Sarajevo. All patients were diagnosed with PCOS according to the Rotterdam ESHRE criteria and were divided into two groups according to their body mass index (BMI). A prospective study established the following parameters: anthropometric measurements (waist circumference, height, weight), BMI, and serum triglycerides and insulin resistance. LAP was calculated using the formula: LAP (women) = [waist circumference (cm)-58] x [triglycerides (mmol/L)]. RESULTS: Waist circumference in women with BMI < or = 24.9 kg/m2 was 31 cm lower than waist circumference in women with a BMI > 25 kg/m2. Mean triglyceride value of the patients in group BMI < or = 24.9 kg/m2 was 1.15 mmol/l lower than the mean value of triglycerides in women with a BMI > 25 kg/m2. Insulin resistance was present in 66.7% in group with BMI < or = 24.9 kg/m2, and in 75.0% in the group with BMI > 25.0 kg/m2. LAP was shown to be a marker for the differentiation of insulin-resistant and nonresistant patients with a cut-off value of 17.91. CONCLUSION: Patients with PCOS and BMI < or = 24.9 kg/m2 were significantly different from those with BMI > 25 kg/m2 in the values of body weight, waist circumference and triglycerides. There was no statistically significant difference in insulin resistance. LAP values were higher in patients in the group with BMI > 25 kg/m2. LAP was a marker for differentiation of insulin--resistant and non-resistant women with PCOS.
Impact of size at birth and prematurity on adult anthropometry in 4744 middle-aged Danes - The Inter99 study.; Low birth weight is related to increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in adult life. Since obesity is closely associated with type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, the relationship between size at birth and adult anthropometry is of interest as a mediator of the relationship between birth weight and metabolic diseases. The aim of this study was, therefore, to examine the effect of size at birth and prematurity on measures of adult anthropometry taking adult socio-economic status and lifestyle variables into account. Midwife records with information on mother's age and parity as well as weight, length and maturity at birth were traced in 4744 Danes born between 1939 and 1970. Measures of adult anthropometry (weight, height, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, hip circumference and waist/hip ratio) had previously been recorded together with information on socio-economic factors, lifestyle and parental diabetes status. Mother's age, parity and diabetes status were associated with offspring birth weight. Size at birth was positively associated with adult height and weight, but only weakly associated with BMI and not associated with waist/hip ratio when adjusted for socio-economic and lifestyle factors. Infants born preterm were less growth restricted at birth and grew to be taller and heavier compared with term infants born small for gestational age. Altogether, this study does not find evidence that obesity or a central fat distribution is mediating the relationship between low birth weight and risk of cardiovascular disease or type 2 diabetes in later life.
Prevalence of Adverse Events in Children With Congenital Hyperinsulinism Treated With Diazoxide.; CONTEXT: Diazoxide, the only U.S. Food and Drug Administration-approved drug to treat hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia, has been associated with several adverse events, which has raised concerns about the safety of this drug. Existing reports are limited to small studies and case reports. OBJECTIVE: To determine prevalence of and clinical factors associated with adverse events in infants and children treated with diazoxide. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study of children with hyperinsulinism (HI) treated with diazoxide between 2003 and 2014. SETTING: The Congenital Hyperinsulinism Center at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. PATIENTS: Children and infants with laboratory-confirmed diagnosis of HI. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Prevalence of pulmonary hypertension (PH), edema, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, and hyperuricemia was determined. Tests of association and logistic regression were used to identify potential risk factors. RESULTS: A total of 295 patients (129 female) met inclusion criteria. The median age at diazoxide initiation was 29 days (interquartile range, 10 to 142 days; n = 226 available start dates); 2.4% of patients were diagnosed with PH after diazoxide initiation. Children with PH (P = 0.003) or edema (P = 0.002) were born at earlier gestational age and more frequently had potential PH risk factors, including respiratory failure and structural heart disease (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.005). Other adverse events included neutropenia (15.6%), thrombocytopenia (4.7%), and hyperuricemia (5.0%). CONCLUSION: In this large cohort, PH occurred in infants with underlying risk factors, but no identifiable risk profile emerged for other adverse events. The relatively high prevalence of neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, and hyperuricemia suggests the value in proactively screening for these side effects in children treated with diazoxide.
Epidemiology of limb reduction defects as registered in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, 1970-2016: Population based study.; BACKGROUND: Following the Thalidomide disaster, the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (MBRN) was established in 1967, with epidemiological surveillance of congenital anomalies as one main aim. Limb reduction defects (LRD) constitute a rare and heterogeneous anomaly group, where correct registration and classification is important for surveillance and research. We aimed at reviewing and recoding LRD cases in the MBRN using the same classification system for all years, and evaluate time trends, characteristics and risk factors, 1970-2016. METHODS: After reviewing and recoding LRD cases using International Classification of Diseases (ICD), 10th version, for all years, time trends, association with major anomalies, risk factors and infant outcomes were calculated. Generalized linear models for the binomial family with log link gave relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Classification of LRD as suggested by European surveillance of congenital anomalies (EUROCAT) was attempted. RESULTS: Overall LRD prevalence, 1970-2016, was 4.4 per 10 000, slightly increasing during 1970-1981, followed by relatively stable rates. There were more defects in upper than lower limbs. Defects in hands/fingers were most common, but unspecific descriptions prevented classification of LRD according to EUROCAT. A majority of cases had associated anomalies, the most common being other limb defects, followed by cardiac defects and anomalies in the nervous and digestive systems. From 1999, 26% of LRD cases were terminated, more than 90% of these had associated major anomalies. Stillbirth, neonatal and infant mortality were higher among infants with LRD, also related to associated anomalies. Pre-gestational diabetes was associated with a more than three times increased risk of offspring total LRD, while no association with maternal epilepsy was found. Taking folate/multivitamin supplements before and/or during pregnancy was associated with lower risk of offspring LRD (adjusted RR 0.7; 95% CI 0.6-0.9), while daily smoking did not significantly increase the risk. CONCLUSION: The MBRN now has information on LRD coded by ICD-10 from 1970, but information is not specific enough to use other recommended classification systems. Collecting radiographic descriptions and/or more details from hospital records would improve the quality of the registry data. Taking folate supplements before/during pregnancy may reduce the risk of offspring LRD.
Complex calculation or quick glance? Mean platelet volume - new predictive marker for pulmonary embolism.; BACKGROUND: Wells and Geneva scores are widely used in the assessment of pretest probability of pulmonary embolism (PE). OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to examine the hypothesis that mean platelet volume (MPV) may better predict PE than the clinical prediction rules. METHODS: A study was performed among patients with PE. Baseline characteristics and complete blood counts including MPV were prospectively recorded upon admission. To assess clinical probability in patients with PE risk, we used Wells and Geneva scores. RESULTS: Data records of 136 patients (males: 44%) with median age of 66 years (interquartile range [IQR] 57.5-78.0) diagnosed with PE at the Intensive Cardiac Therapy Clinic in Lodz (Poland) were analyzed. Baseline characteristics indicate that patients suffered from arterial hypertension (65%), obesity (32%), and diabetes mellitus (24%). Furthermore, they reported active smoking (21%), prolonged immobilization (20%), major surgery (21%), pregnancy (4%), and oral contraceptives (9%). Patients presented with various symptoms. The MPV, plateletcrit, and D-dimer values on admission were respectively as follows: 10.71 (IQR 3.29-13.67), 0.2 (IQR 0.15-0.24), and 9.23 (IQR 8.5-9.85). The study revealed that Wells score correlated significantly with an elevated MPV value (P<0.05) per contra to Geneva score (P>0.05). According to our results, there is a lack of coherence between Wells and Geneva scores (P>0.05). Finally, we determined that the optimum MPV level cutoff point for PE on admission with reference to the original Wells score is 9.6 fL. CONCLUSION: MPV may be considered useful as an adjunctive or independent predictive marker for PE used in lieu of clinical prediction rules.
Do infants with isolated congenital sixth nerve palsy require comprehensive work-up? A retrospective cohort and review of the literature.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to describe a case series of infants with isolated congenital sixth nerve palsy (ICSNP) and suggest a management algorithm based on our experience and a review of the literature. METHODS: A retrospective cohort design was used. The clinical database of a single tertiary medical center was reviewed to identify all patients diagnosed with ICSNP from January 2020 to November 2022. Data were collected as follows: demographic parameters, age at initial presentation, presenting symptoms and signs, findings on ophthalmic and neurologic examinations, findings on follow-up, and outcome. RESULTS: Six patients were included. All were born at term. The average gestational weight was 3675.7 ± 262.7 g. Three mothers had gestational diabetes. Five deliveries necessitated labor induction either by oxytocin (n = 4) or by membrane stripping followed by oxytocin (n = 1). One had also gone a forceps assisted delivery. Symptoms were noticed in all newborns by their parents within the first week of life. Ophthalmological and neurological examinations were otherwise unremarkable apart of one patient with a head turn to the side of the involved eye. Four patients underwent brain imaging that were unremarkable. All abduction deficits resolved by 1 to 3 months of age. Follow up examinations were unremarkable (mean follow up 14.3 ± 5.0 months, range 4-23). CONCLUSIONS: This case series, together with previous reports, support ICSNP's benign nature. We suggest an initial basic work-up that solely includes ophthalmological and neurological examinations which will be elaborated in case of any additional pathologic findings or if ICSNP does not fully resolve by 3 months.
Associations of telomere length at birth with predicted atherosclerotic lesions and cardiovascular disease risk factors in midlife: A 40-year longitudinal study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Adult telomere length (TL) is substantially determined by birth TL, but associations of birth TL with cardiovascular disease (CVD) are unknown. METHODS: We included 144 adult offspring born in 1959-1966 from the Collaborative Perinatal Project, a US birth cohort. Birth TL was measured from banked cord blood with quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Atherosclerotic lesions were predicted by the Pathobiological Determinants of Atherosclerosis in Youth (PDAY) score that was based on blood pressure, lipids, hemoglobin A1c, and body weight at the midlife follow-up in 2003-2008 (average age: 42 years). Information on midlife CVD risk factors including the age at first diagnoses of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes was also collected. We used linear and logistic regression models to analyze associations of birth TL with the continuous PDAY score and categorical CVD risk factors, respectively, adjusting for prenatal confounders. RESULTS: At midlife follow-up, 31.2% and 18.7% of participants had ever been diagnosed with hypercholesterolemia and hypertension, respectively, and 8.3% met the criteria for metabolic syndrome. Short birth TL (Quartile 1, Q1) was associated with a higher PDAY score (adjusted β: 1.78, 95% CI: 0.31, 3.25), increased odds of hypercholesterolemia (adjusted odds ratio [OR]: 3.23, 95% CI: 1.28, 8.18) and the presence of any cardiometabolic abnormalities (adjusted OR: 2.54, 95% CI: 1.00, 6.48) as compared to longer birth TL (Q2-Q4) after adjusting for prenatal confounders. CONCLUSIONS: People born with short TL may be at increased risk of predicted midlife atherosclerotic lesions and hypercholesterolemia. Future studies with larger sample sizes and CVD morbidities are warranted to replicate our findings.
Discordance of diabetic microangiopathy in identical twins.; In a pair of 19-year-old monozygotic twin girls, one developed insulin-dependent, ketosis-prone diabetes at the age of three and has required insulin for the past 16 years. Her identical twin has maintained normal oral and intravenous glucose tolerance with normal insulin release and glucagon suppression. An unequivocal hypertrophy of the muscle capillary basement membrane (1,800 +/- 148 A) was dound in the diabetic twin, while a normal thickness of 1,149 +/- 62 A was present in her nondiabetic sister. Follow-up of the present subjects and data from other discordant identical twins who have reached adulthood could determine whether muscle capillary basement membrane hypertrophy is an independent marker of genetic diabetes in adults. Discordance of diabetic microangiopathy in a pair of monozygotic twins has important implications regarding the influence of heredity and environment on diabetic microangiopathy.
[What does the obstetrician expect from the internist during prenatal care?].; Cooperation between the obstetrician and the physician for internal medicine is especially needed when a pregnant woman suffers from complex medical diseases. This contribution focuses on the special circumstances of maternal treatment also considering the fetal state with the following examples: drugs in the first trimester, cardiac diseases, pregnancy-induced hypertension, HELLP syndrome, gestational and type I diabetes, thrombosis, pulmonary diseases, infections, and treatment of cancer during pregnancy. Special obstetric requests to the physician are: keeping in close contact, avoiding recommendations for the mode of delivery, avoiding overtreatment of hypertensive disorders as well as intensifying the surveillance including the creation of preventive schedules for pregnant women with an increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome in their later life.
Severe maternal morbidity in Canada, 1991-2001.; BACKGROUND: Although death rates are often used to monitor the quality of health care, in industrialized countries maternal deaths have become rare. Severe maternal morbidity has therefore been proposed as a supplementary indicator for surveillance of the quality of maternity care. Our purpose in this study was to describe severe maternal morbidity in Canada over a 10-year period, among women with or without major pre-existing conditions. METHODS: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of severe maternal morbidity involving 2,548,824 women who gave birth in Canadian hospitals between 1991 and 2000. Thirteen conditions that may threaten the life of the mother (e.g., eclampsia) and 11 major pre-existing chronic conditions (e.g., diabetes) that could be identified from diagnostic codes were noted. RESULTS: The overall rate of severe maternal morbidity was 4.38 per 1000 deliveries. The fatality rate among these women was 158 times that of the entire sample. Rates of venous thromboembolism, uterine rupture, adult respiratory distress syndrome, pulmonary edema, myocardial infarction, severe postpartum hemorrhage requiring hysterectomy, and assisted ventilation increased substantially from 1991 to 2000. The presence of major pre-existing conditions increased the risk of severe maternal morbidity to 6-fold. INTERPRETATION: Severe maternal morbidity occurs in about 1 of 250 deliveries in Canada, with marked recent increases in certain morbid conditions such as pulmonary edema, myocardial infarction, hemorrhage requiring hysterectomy, and the use of assisted ventilation.
Interaction of genes and nutritional factors in the etiology of autism and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders: a case control study.; OBJECTIVE: To compare risk factors of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and autism spectrum disorder (ASD) to age/sex-matched controls with particular attention to family history, parental age and nutrition. METHOD: 31 ASD and 81 ADHD patients were compared to 612 age/sex-matched controls by reviewing charts for parental age, sibling order, gestational age, and early feeding, and by parental interview for early feeding and family history of psychopathology on affected patients and 139 of those controls. FINDINGS: Parental age affected ASD and ADHD females but not males. First-born males were at increased risk for both disorders even though their siblings had older parents and their parents were not more likely to stop having children. Breastfeeding in the absence of parental psychopathology reduced ADHD risk, but breastfeeding of first-born males by older mothers with psychopathology was a risk for ASD. Breastfeeding was only a risk for ADHD if the mother had psychopathology. Parent emigration from a place of high fish consumption was a significant ASD risk factor. RESULTING HYPOTHESES: ADHD and ASD share risk factors due to shared genetic and nutritional interactions, likely revolving around deficiencies of omega-3 fatty acids (n3FAs) during brain development. Fatty acid metabolism genes are important in that process. The 4:1 male to female ratio for both disorders results from hormonally driven fat metabolism differences. Risk factors for both disorders including maternal smoking, prematurity, and gestational diabetes may also be attributed to their effect on n3FA supplies. Breastfeeding can be a risk factor when the mother's genes and/or age affect her milk quality. Parental age and gene defects may affect female more than male offspring. Childbirth with adequate spacing and breastfeeding can override maternal age and protect subsequent offspring. Genetic variations in fat metabolism can be influenced by cultural/geographic diet, causing deficiencies in offspring with migration-influenced diet changes. Interaction of n3FA deficient diets, delayed child-bearing, and breastfeeding by mothers with psychopathology may be important factors in the rising incidence of ASD and ADHD in recent decades. Partial prevention through diet and supplements may be possible.
Long-Term Outcome Following Coronary Artery Stenting by History of Preterm Delivery.; BACKGROUND: Women are at a greater risk of a major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) after percutaneous coronary intervention than men. A history of preterm delivery is a female-specific risk factor for coronary artery disease, but its relevance in the treatment of coronary artery disease is unknown. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to analyze the association between a history of preterm delivery and MACE after the first coronary artery stenting. METHODS: We included a nationwide sample of 5,766 Swedish women aged ≤65 years receiving their first coronary stent during 2006 to 2017. To adjust for periprocedural characteristics and estimate the association between a history of preterm delivery and MACE at >30 days from stenting, we used proportional hazards regression. We also investigated mortality by history of preterm delivery. RESULTS: During a median follow-up time of 3.7 years (IQR: 1.3-6.7 years), 1,200 (20.8%) women had a MACE. In total, 963 (16.7%) women had a history of preterm delivery. A history of preterm delivery was associated with a higher risk of MACE (adjusted HR: 1.19; 95% CI: 1.03-1.38) and mortality (adjusted HR ratio: 1.38; 95% CI: 1.02-1.85). Similar associations were observed when excluding women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or diabetes. Subgroup analyses suggested that women with a history of early preterm delivery had lower risk of MACE than those who had late preterm delivery (P = 0.04). CONCLUSIONS: History of preterm delivery is associated with worse prognosis following the first coronary artery stenting in women and warrants consideration as a risk factor also in the secondary prevention setting.
Pregnancy loss is related to body mass index and prediabetes in early adulthood: Findings from Add Health.; Pregnancy loss, including miscarriage and stillbirth, affects 15-20% of pregnancies in the United States (US) annually. Accumulating evidence suggests that pregnancy loss is associated with a greater cardiovascular disease (CVD) burden later in life. However, few studies have evaluated the impact of pregnancy loss on CVD risk factors in early adulthood (age <35 years). The aim of this study was to examine associations between pregnancy loss and CVD risk factors (body mass index, blood pressure, hyperlipidemia, diabetes status) in early adulthood. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis using the public-use dataset for Wave IV (2007-2009) of the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health (Add Health). Our sample consisted of women, ages 24-32 years, with a previous pregnancy who completed biological data collection (n = 2,968). Pregnancy loss was assessed as any history of miscarriage or stillbirth; and quantified as none, one, or recurrent (≥2) pregnancy loss. Associations between pregnancy loss and each CVD risk factor were tested using linear and logistic regression adjusting for sociodemographic factors, parity, health behaviors during pregnancy, and depression. We tested for interactions with race/ethnicity. A total of 670 women reported a pregnancy loss, of which 28% reported recurrent pregnancy loss. A prior pregnancy loss was related to a 3.79 (kg/mm2) higher BMI in non-Hispanic Black women, but not white women. Women with recurrent pregnancy loss were more likely to have prediabetes (AOR, 1.93; 95% CI, 1.10-3.37, p<0.05) than women with all live births. Findings suggest that pregnancy loss may be associated with a more adverse CVD risk profile in early adulthood, particularly for women who experience recurrent pregnancy loss. This highlights the need for CVD risk assessment in young women with a prior pregnancy loss. Further research is necessary to identify underlying risk factors of pregnancy loss that may predispose women to CVD.
Association between dental caries and adverse pregnancy outcomes.; Poor oral health is not only associated with diabetes and cardiovascular disease but adverse pregnancy outcomes. However the influence of dental caries on pregnancy is unknown. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between dental caries and adverse pregnancy outcomes and the effect of treatment for dental caries on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Primiparas who delivered a singleton between January 1, 2010 and December 31, 2014 and underwent both general health examination and oral health examination during a National Korea Health Screening Examination within 1 year of pregnancy were eligible. The data of the women who met the inclusion criteria were linked to the data of their offspring contained within the National Korea Health Screening Program for Infants and Children database. Among 120,622 women who delivered during the study period, 28,623 (23.7%) women had dental caries. Among them, 4,741 (16.6%) women were treated for dental caries after diagnosis. In a multivariable analysis, women with dental caries had an increased risk of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants (odds ratio, 1.15; 95% confidence interval, 1.07, 1.23) compared to those without dental caries. When women with dental caries were divided on the basis of the treatment of dental caries, women with dental caries but no treatment had an increased risk of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants (odds ratio, 1.15; 95% confidence interval, 1.06, 1.24); conversely, there was no increased risk in women with dental caries and treatment compared with those without. Dental caries and its treatment were not associated with preterm birth and preeclampsia. Untreated dental caries was not associated with preterm birth or preeclampsia but with the risk of delivering large-for-gestational-age infants. These whole observation may be attributed to the various characteristics of mothers who develop dental caries are not treated.
Impact of preeclampsia on cognitive function in the offspring.; Preeclampsia (PE) is a significant clinical disorder occurring in 3-5% of all human pregnancies. Offspring of PE pregnancies (PE-F1s) are reported to exhibit greater cognitive impairment than offspring from uncomplicated pregnancies. Previous studies of PE-F1 cognitive ability used tests with bias that do not assess specific cognitive domains. To improve cognitive impairment classification in PE-F1s we used standardized clinical psychometric testing and eye tracking studies of saccadic eye movements. PE-F1s (n=10) and sex/age matched control participants (n=41 for psychometrics; n=59 for eye-tracking) were recruited from the PE-NET study or extracted from the NeuroDevNet study databases. Participants completed a selected array of psychometric tests which assessed executive function, working memory, attention, inhibition, visuospatial processing, reading, and math skills. Eye-tracking studies included the prosaccade, antisaccade, and memory-guided tasks. Psychometric testing revealed an impairment in working memory among PE-F1s. Eye-tracking studies revealed numerous impairments among PE-F1s including additional saccades required to reach the target, poor endpoint accuracy, and slower reaction time. However, PE-F1s made faster saccades than controls, and fewer sequence errors in the memory-guided task. Our study provides a comprehensive assessment of cognitive function among PE-F1s. The development of PE may be seen as an early predictor of reduced cognitive function in children, specifically in working memory and oculomotor control. Future studies should extended to a larger study populations, and may be valuable for early studies of children born to pregnancies complicated by other disorders, such as gestational diabetes or intrauterine growth restriction.
A new model for the origins of chronic disease.; Living things are often plastic during their early development and are moulded by the environment. Many human fetuses have to adapt to a limited supply of nutrients, and in doing so they permanently change their physiology and metabolism. These programmed changes may be the origins of a number of diseases in later life, including coronary heart disease, stroke, diabetes and hypertension.
Chromium metabolism and its role in disease processes in man.; Chromium is an essential element required for normal carbohydrate and lipid metabolism. Insufficient dietary Cr has been linked to maturity-onset diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. The dietary Cr intake of most individuals is considerably less than the suggested safe and adequate intake. Consumption of refined foods, including simple sugars, exacerbates the problem of insufficient dietary Cr since these foods are not only low in dietary Cr but also enhance additional Cr losses. Chromium losses are also increased due to pregnancy, strenuous exercise, infection, physical trauma and other forms of stress. Supplementation of Cr to normal free-living individuals often leads to significant improvements in glucose tolerance, serum lipids including high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, insulin and insulin binding. Chromium also tends to normalize blood sugar. Chromium supplementation of subjects with elevated blood sugar following a glucose load leads to a decrease in blood sugar while hypoglycemics respond to supplemental Cr by an increase in hypoglycemic glucose values, increased insulin binding and alleviation of hypoglycemic symptoms. In summary, dietary intake of Cr is suboptimal and this is exacerbated by increased Cr losses due to stress and certain refined foods including simple sugars that enhance Cr losses. Supplemental Cr is associated with improvements of risk factors associated with maturity-onset diabetes and cardiovascular diseases.
Gap junctions and hydrogen peroxide are involved in endothelium-derived hyperpolarising responses to bradykinin in omental arteries and veins isolated from pregnant women.; Altered endothelial function may underlie human cardiovascular diseases, including hypertension, diabetes and pre-eclampsia. While much is known about endothelial function in small arteries, very little is known about endothelial responses in small veins isolated from humans. Therefore, we assessed endothelium-dependent responses in omental arteries and veins isolated from healthy pregnant women, focussing on endothelium-dependent hyperpolarising (EDH) mechanisms. Human omental arteries and veins were obtained from women undergoing elective caesarean sections and examined using pressure myography. In pressurised vessels, the effects of proposed inhibitors of EDH production/function were examined on responses to bradykinin. The expression of connexins Cx37, 40 and 43 was assessed using immunohistochemistry. Bradykinin caused vasodilatation in human pressurised omental arteries and veins. In both vessels, responses to bradykinin were partially blocked in the presence of the gap junction uncoupler, carbenoxolone, and reduced further with the addition of catalase, which acts to degrade H(2)O(2). The effect of catalase alone was more pronounced in venous preparations. All three connexins were expressed in both arteries and veins, with a similar distribution pattern, where Cx37 and Cx40 were located mainly in the endothelium and Cx43 located mostly in the media. These data show that, in human omental vessels, an EDH mechanism is produced in response to bradykinin that involves gap junction communication and the production of H(2)O(2). These mechanisms may be involved in the haemodynamic alterations that take place during pregnancy, and any aberration in their function could contribute to raised blood pressure in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia.
"Three Hits" Hypothesis for Developmental Origins of Health and Diseases in View of Cardiovascular Abnormalities.; "Fetal Origins of Adult Diseases" (FOAD) or "Barker hypothesis," also known as the developmental origins of health and diseases (DoHaD), was initially proposed by David Barker in the 1980s. Progress in past 2 to 3 decades demonstrated that many adult disorders, including hypertension, diabetes, obesity, cancer, and others, could be linked to poor development resulting from in utero insults. Utero-environments play a critical role in fetal development. Because the placenta and umbilical cord are the only important connections between the fetus and mother in the uterus, this review pays special attention to recent research and progress in the study of the relationship between those tissues and FOAD. We discuss the conception and possible underlying mechanisms of FOAD, and focus on cardiovascular diseases and epigenetic mechanisms. This review also summarizes physiology, pathology, and the important roles of fetoplacental vasculature, which might contribute to FOAD as initiators. We proposed the "Three hits" hypothesis that highlights the importance of intrauterine and early postnatal factors as contributors to FOAD, which could be significant for early prevention and treatments of FOAD. Birth Defects Research 109:744-757, 2017. © 2017 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Relaxin, insulin and diabetes: an intriguing connection.; Until recently, relaxin and insulin were grouped into the same hormone superfamily because of substantial biochemical homologies. This notion has then changed with the understanding that insulin and relaxin are ligands for different receptors and signal transduction systems, namely, tyrosine kinase and G-protein-coupled receptors respectively. As a matter of fact, relaxin does not mimic the metabolic effects of insulin. The biological effects of insulin are much more clearly delineated than those of relaxin, which is traditionally viewed as a reproductive hormone involved in the maternal adjustments of pregnancy. In the last decade, evidence has been accumulating that relaxin has major effects on the heart, blood vessels and the extracellular matrix within connective tissues. In particular, pertaining to the relationships between relaxin and diabetes, relaxin was shown to promote arterial and microvascular dilation, thereby increasing organ perfusion, counteract ischemic injury, improve adverse cardiac and vascular remodeling, and promote extracellular matrix turn-over, thereby exerting anti-fibrotic effects. Thus, relaxin could blunt or delay the vascular and organ complication of diabetes. Whether relaxin may also synergize with insulin to optimize blood glucose homeostasis remains an unconfirmed issue. However, there are clues in the literature which, if gathered, speak in favor of this perspective. Moreover, preliminary data suggest that exogenous relaxin administration may improve insulin sensitivity in diabetic patients. Considering that human recombinant relaxin is under study as a novel, promising drug for the treatment of heart failure, a broader knowledge of the possible beneficial effects of relaxin in diabetes and its complications can be of interest to the scientific community.
Endocrine-Disrupting Effects of Bisphenol A on the Cardiovascular System: A Review.; Currently, the plastic monomer and plasticizer bisphenol A (BPA) is one of the most widely used chemicals. BPA is present in polycarbonate plastics and epoxy resins, commonly used in food storage and industrial or medical products. However, the use of this synthetic compound is a growing concern, as BPA is an endocrine-disrupting compound and can bind mainly to estrogen receptors, interfering with different functions at the cardiovascular level. Several studies have investigated the disruptive effects of BPA; however, its cardiotoxicity remains unclear. Therefore, this review's purpose is to address the most recent studies on the implications of BPA on the cardiovascular system. Our findings suggest that BPA impairs cardiac excitability through intracellular mechanisms, involving the inhibition of the main ion channels, changes in Ca(2+) handling, the induction of oxidative stress, and epigenetic modifications. Our data support that BPA exposure increases the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) including atherosclerosis and its risk factors such as hypertension and diabetes. Furthermore, BPA exposure is also particularly harmful in pregnancy, promoting the development of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. In summary, BPA exposure compromises human health, promoting the development and progression of CVDs and risk factors. Further studies are needed to clarify the human health effects of BPA-induced cardiotoxicity.
Lactiplantibacillus plantarum WJL administration during pregnancy and lactation improves lipid profile, insulin sensitivity and gut microbiota diversity in dyslipidemic dams and protects male offspring against cardiovascular dysfunction in later life.; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Maternal dyslipidemia is recognized as a risk factor for the development of arterial hypertension (AH) and cardiovascular dysfunction in offspring. Here we evaluated the effects of probiotic administration of a specific strain of Lactiplantibacillus plantarum (WJL) during pregnancy and lactation on gut microbiota and metabolic profile in dams fed with a high-fat and high-cholesterol (HFHC) diet and its long-term effects on the cardiovascular function in male rat offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pregnant Wistar rats were allocated into three groups: dams fed a control diet (CTL = 5), dams fed a HFHC diet (DLP = 5) and dams fed a HFHC diet and receiving L. plantarum WJL during pregnancy and lactation (DLP-LpWJL). L. plantarum WJL (1 × 109 CFU) or vehicle (NaCl, 0.9%) was administered daily by oral gavage for 6 weeks, covering the pregnancy and lactation periods. After weaning, male offspring received a standard diet up to 90 days of life. Biochemical measurements and gut microbiota were evaluated in dams. In male offspring, blood pressure (BP), heart rate (HR) and vascular reactivity were evaluated at 90 days of age. Dams fed with a HFHC diet during pregnancy and lactation had increased lipid profile and insulin resistance and showed dysbiotic gut microbiota. Administration of L. plantarum WJL to dams having maternal dyslipidemia improved gut microbiota composition, lipid profile and insulin resistance in them. Blood pressure was augmented and vascular reactivity was impaired with a higher contractile response and a lower response to endothelium-dependent vasorelaxation in DLP male offspring. In contrast, male offspring of DLP-LpWJL dams had reduced blood pressure and recovered vascular function in later life. CONCLUSION: Administration of L. plantarum WJL during pregnancy and lactation in dams improved gut microbiota diversity, reduced maternal dyslipidemia and prevented cardiovascular dysfunction in male rat offspring.
Placental and Clinical Characteristics of Term Small-for-Gestational-Age Neonates: A Case-Control Study.; Numerous conditions, including placental vascular compromise, can lead to small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants. As few studies have investigated primarily term placentas from SGA infants, we compared placentas from 67 SGA infants to placentas from 67 infants with appropriate weights for gestational age (AGA) in this population, matched for gestational age and gender. Placental histology was reviewed and electronic records were queried for maternal and fetal birth data, infant morbidities, and infant follow-up weights. Comparison of these 2 cohorts showed that placentas from SGA infants were more likely to have smaller weights and thinner umbilical cords than those from AGA infants. SGA placentas had a significant increase in another uteroplacental malperfusion feature: single and multiple infarctions. Rates of preeclampsia, infant cardiac anomalies, and infant genetic abnormalities were not statistically different between groups. Fetal and maternal inflammatory responses, nongestational diabetes, and gestational hypertension were more common in the controls, but these are common indications for placental examination. No statistical differences were present for decidual vasculopathy, chronic villitis, intervillous thrombi, or meconium. More SGA neonates had hypoglycemia compared to their AGA counterparts. SGA infants tended to have decreased weights up to 7 months of age; however, the low number of infants with follow-up limited the statistical significance. This study confirms that small placental size and select features of uteroplacental malperfusion are more common in SGA versus AGA term placentas. The lack of other significant differences may be due to the inclusion of only term infants, with more severe pathology leading to preterm delivery.
Fusion of lower limbs with severe urogenital malformation in a newborn, a rare congenital clinical syndrome: case report.; BACKGROUND: Fused lower limbs combined with severe urogenital malformation, also known as sirenomelia, is a rare congenital clinical syndrome. The etiology is unknown, and the outcome for the affected fetus is rather uncertain. CASE REPORT: Mrs RB, a Kuwaiti woman primigravida, married to a non-consanguineous husband, had uneventful antenatal care in a private health service, until she was admitted to the Maternity Hospital, Kuwait, at 31 weeks of gestation with a 3-hour history of ruptured membranes. She had a negative family history for diabetes mellitus, and her past surgical/medical/gynecological history was noncontributory. General physical examination revealed a healthy parturient with normal vital signs, clear lungs and normal heart sounds. Obstetric examination revealed a fundal height compatible with the gestational age; there was a single living fetus in breech presentation; she was not in labor. The mother was managed conservatively with antibiotics and dexamethasone injections. Labor ensued later, progressing rapidly to the second stage. Assisted breech delivery was performed, and a live baby, birth weight 1570 g and Apgar score 3/9, was delivered. The neonate had multiple congenital abnormalities, including fusion of both lower limbs, ambiguous genitalia, cloacal anomaly and tracheoesophageal fistula. The neonate was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, fully investigated, managed medically and surgically and eventually discharged home after a hospital stay of 123 days for further management. CONCLUSION: A case of peculiar fetal anomaly called sirenomelia, the first case in Kuwait, has been presented. Survival of such babies requires costly management with average results.
Efficacy and safety of metformin in pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome: a systematic review with meta-analysis of randomized and non-randomized controlled trials.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of using metformin in pregnant women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and to explore the most effective and safe protocol by using a meta-analysis method. METHODS: Medline, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and other databases were searched for randomized controlled trials and prospective cohort studies enrolling pregnant women with PCOS on receiving metformin or placebo or nothing. Subgroup analyses were undertaken. RESULTS: A total of 17 studies involving 2899 patients were included. Compared with control group, the use of metformin significantly reduced the incidence of preterm delivery (cumulative rate 3.86% vs 9.19%, relative risk (RR), 0.42 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.25-0.71,]; p = .001), early miscarriage (cumulative rate 6.58% vs 18.35%, RR, 0.40 [95% CI, 0.20-0.78]; p = .007), gestational diabetes (cumulative rate 12.86% vs 22.91%, RR, 0.48 [95% CI, 0.26-0.89]; p = .02), and pre-eclampsia (cumulative rate 4.95% vs 7.72%, RR, 0.61 [95% CI, 0.40-0.93]; p = .02), the need for insulin treatment throughout pregnancy (cumulative rate 2.14% vs 5.12%, RR, 0.43 [95% CI, 0.22-0.85]; p = .01), and weight gain of pregnant women (mean difference, -2.45, [95% CI, -3.04 to -1.85]; p < .00001). CONCLUSIONS: The use of metformin in pregnant women with PCOS can significantly reduce maternal complications. No significant difference was observed in serious maternal adverse events. The efficacy and safety of metformin are worthy of recognition.
Prenatal exposure to polychlorinated biphenyls and fetal growth in British girls.; Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs) are synthetic chemicals that bioaccumulate in the food chain. PCBs were used primarily for industrial applications due to their insulating and fire retardant properties, but were banned in the 1970s in the United States and in the 1980s in the United Kingdom, as adverse health effects following exposure were identified. Previous studies of populations with high PCB exposure have reported inverse associations with birth weight and gestational length. Birth weight is a powerful predictor of infant survival, and low birth weight can predispose infants to chronic conditions in adult life such as diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Using data from the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children, we investigated the association between prenatal exposure to PCBs and fetal growth in a sample of 448 mother-daughter dyads. Concentrations of three common PCB analytes, PCB-118, PCB-153 and PCB-187, were measured in maternal serum collected during pregnancy, and fetal growth was measured by birth weight and birth length. Multivariable linear regression was used to examine the associations between PCB analytes and measures of fetal growth, after adjusting for parity, maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI, educational status, tobacco use and gestational age of infant at sample collection. Birth length, ponderal index and gestational age were not associated with any of the PCB analytes. Mothers' educational status modified associations for PCB analytes with birthweight. We observed significant inverse associations with birth weight only among daughters of mothers with less education. Daughter's birth weight was -138.4 g lower (95% CI: -218.0, -58.9) for each 10 ng/g lipid increase in maternal serum PCB-118. Similarly, every 10 ng/g lipid increase in maternal serum PCB-153 was associated with a -41.9 g (95% CI: -71.6, -12.2) lower birth weight. Every 10 ng/g lipids increase in maternal serum PCB-187, was associated with a -170.4 g (95% CI: -306.1, -34.7) lower birth weight, among girls with mothers in the lowest education group. Our findings suggest that prenatal exposure to PCBs is inversely associated with daughters' birth weight and that mothers' education, which is a possible marker for socioeconomic status, significantly modified the association between maternal PCB concentrations and birth weight in female newborns.
The effect of metformin on cardiovascular markers in female mice consuming a high fat diet.; BACKGROUND: Metformin, widely used to treat diabetes, is now considered a candidate therapeutic for treatment of cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to assess whether metformin's non-glycaemic effects could mitigate cardiovascular disease indices in female mice consuming a high fat diet (HFD). METHODS: Four-week old female Arc:Arc(S) mice were placed on a standard (std) chow diet or Western-style HFD (22% fat, 0.15% cholesterol). At ∼8 months, the mice were administered 150 mg/kg metformin or vehicle (control) via intraperitoneal injection for 11 days. Blood pressure was measured (tail cuff plethysmography) at Day 9 and 11 of treatment. On Day 11, mice were weighed and culled. The mesenteric arcade and kidneys were collected for assessment of vascular reactivity (wire myography), and assessment of expression of cardiometabolic markers (qPCR), respectively. RESULTS: The HFD fed female mice were significantly heavier than those receiving the std diet at 1-12 weeks on diet, and at cull. Mice on a std diet with metformin treatment were significantly heavier at cull than the mice on a std diet administered the control treatment. Metformin treatment did not alter the weight of the mice receiving the HFD. Neither the HFD (compared to the std diet), nor metformin treatment (compared to control treatment) altered blood pressure, vascular reactivity, or expression of cardiometabolic markers in the kidney. CONCLUSION: Consumption of a Western-style HFD (without high salt/sugar levels) did not alter the cardiovascular markers measured. Further studies are required to establish the non-glycaemic, cardio-protective effects of metformin in high-risk cohorts.
Personalized Medicine of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Depression Treatment in Obese and Metabolically Dysregulated Patients.; The co-occurrence of depression and obesity has become a significant public health concern worldwide. Recent studies have shown that metabolic dysfunction, which is commonly observed in obese individuals and is characterized by inflammation, insulin resistance, leptin resistance, and hypertension, is a critical risk factor for depression. This dysfunction may induce structural and functional changes in the brain, ultimately contributing to depression's development. Given that obesity and depression mutually increase each other's risk of development by 50-60%, there is a need for effective interventions that address both conditions. The comorbidity of depression with obesity and metabolic dysregulation is thought to be related to chronic low-grade inflammation, characterized by increased circulating levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and C-reactive protein (CRP). As pharmacotherapy fails in at least 30-40% of cases to adequately treat major depressive disorder, a nutritional approach is emerging as a promising alternative. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are a promising dietary intervention that can reduce inflammatory biomarkers, particularly in patients with high levels of inflammation, including pregnant women with gestational diabetes, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and overweight individuals with major depressive disorder. Further efforts directed at implementing these strategies in clinical practice could contribute to improved outcomes in patients with depression, comorbid obesity, and/or metabolic dysregulation.
Genes in loci genetically associated with polycystic ovary syndrome are dynamically expressed in human fetal gonadal, metabolic and brain tissues.; BACKGROUND: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder, affecting around 10% of women of reproductive age, with infertility, depression or anxiety, obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes as risk factors. The cause of PCOS is not known but there is a predisposition to developing PCOS in adult life that arises during fetal or perinatal life. PCOS also has a genetic predisposition and a number of genetic loci associated with PCOS have been identified. These loci contain 25 candidate genes which are currently being studied to define the syndrome. Although the name PCOS suggests a syndrome of the ovary, PCOS has also been associated with the central nervous system and other organ systems in the body due to the wide variety of symptoms it presents. METHODS: Here, we examined the expression patterns of PCOS candidate genes in gonadal (ovary and testis), metabolic (heart, liver and kidney) and brain (brain and cerebellum) tissues during the first half of human fetal development and postnatally until adulthood using public RNA sequencing data. This study is an initial step for more comprehensive and translational studies to define PCOS. RESULTS: We found that the genes were dynamically expressed in the fetal tissues studied. Some genes were significantly expressed in gonadal tissues, whilst others were expressed in metabolic or brain tissues at different time points prenatally and/or postnatally. HMGA2, FBN3 and TOX3 were highly expressed during the early stages of fetal development in all tissues but least during adulthood. Interestingly, correlation between expression of HMGA2/YAP1 and RAD50/YAP1 were significant in at least 5 of the 7 fetal tissues studied. Notably, DENND1A, THADA, MAPRE1, RAB5B, ARL14EP, KRR1, NEIL2 and RAD50 were dynamically expressed in all postnatal tissues studied. CONCLUSIONS: These findings suggest that these genes have tissue- or development-specific roles in multiple organs, possibly resulting in the various symptoms associated with PCOS. Thus the fetal origin of a predisposition to PCOS in adulthood could arise via the effects of PCOS candidate genes in the development of multiple organs.
Palmar erythema.; Palmar erythema (PE), an often overlooked physical finding, is due to several physiologic or systemic pathologic states. PE can exist as a primary physiologic finding or as a secondary marker of systemic pathology. Primary or physiologic PE can be due to heredity, occurs in at least 30% of pregnant women as a result of associated alterations in the function of the skin and its microvasculature, or may be a diagnosis of exclusion (i.e. idiopathic PE). Secondary PE from systemic pathology encompasses a wide range of disease states. Twenty-three percent of patients with liver cirrhosis, from varying causes, can manifest PE as a result of abnormal serum estradiol levels. Patients with a rare neonatal liver disease such as Wilson disease and hereditary hemochromatosis may exhibit PE along with the other systemic manifestations of the genodermatoses. PE has been reported to occur in >60% of patients with rheumatoid arthritis and is associated with a favorable prognosis. Up to 18% of patients with thyrotoxicosis and 4.1% of patients with diabetes mellitus can have PE. This cutaneous manifestation of diabetes occurs more often than the more classic diseases such as necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum (0.6%). PE can be seen in early gestational syphilis and among patients with human T-lymphotrophic virus-1-associated myelopathy. Drug-induced PE with hepatic damage has been documented with use of amiodarone, gemfibrozil, and cholestyramine, while topiramate and albuterol (salbutamol) have been reported to cause PE in the setting of normal liver function. Fifteen percent of patients with both metastatic and primary brain neoplasms may have PE. Increased levels of angiogenic factors and estrogens from solid tumors have been postulated as the cause of PE in such cases. Erythema ab igne can mimic PE, and patients with atopic diathesis are more likely to have PE than matched control subjects. Smoking and chronic mercury poisoning are environmental causes of PE.No treatment of primary PE is indicated. If medication is the cause of PE, the drug responsible should be discontinued if possible. Identification of PE related to underlying disorders should be followed by treatment of the underlying condition. In light of the numerous etiologies of PE, this article reviews the current literature and provides a framework to help guide the clinician in determining the cause of PE in patients presenting with this finding.
International Cohort of Neonatal Timothy Syndrome.; INTRODUCTION: Timothy syndrome (TS) is an extremely rare, multisystem disorder classically associated with long QT, syndactyly, ventricular arrhythmias, and hypoglycaemia. A neonatal diagnosis allows maximal medical and device therapy to be implemented to avoid malignant arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death. METHODS: This was a retrospective case series study of type I TS (TS1) patients using data from the Timothy Syndrome Foundation's international registry, encompassing patients with a genetic diagnosis (CACNA1C variant G406R in exon 8A) recruited over a 28-year period. RESULTS: Forty-four cases of TS1 were included (26 male; 60%). Mean gestational age (GA) was 35.6 weeks (range 28 weeks - term), with 43% of patients born less than 37 weeks GA. In TS1 patients presenting with foetal bradycardia, mean GA was significantly lower (34.2 weeks, p &lt; 0.05). Foetal bradycardia secondary to atrioventricular block was present in 20 patients (45%), resulting in premature delivery in 14 patients (32%). Fifteen patients (34%) were diagnosed with TS1 as neonates. Long QT at birth helped secure a diagnosis in 25 patients (57%). Syndactyly was seen in most patients (n = 40, 91%). Twenty patients died, with an average age of death of 2.3 years (range 1 month-6 years). Of the 7 patients who died before the first year of life (16%), the average age of death was 2.5 months. CONCLUSION: TS is associated with high early mortality. TS should be considered in paediatric patients presenting with long QT and syndactyly. Recognition of TS in the neonatal period allows for early intervention to prevent life-threatening arrhythmias.
A comparative study of obstetric outcome of patients with pregnancy induced hypertension: economic considerations.; BACKGROUND: Hypertension in pregnancy is associated with increased maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate the obstetric outcome of patients with pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) that delivered at the Maternity Hospital Kuwait within a period of six months and evaluate the economic implications of present management strategies. METHODS: This was a comparative study with age and parity, as matching variables, in 224 pregnant hypertensive women and 224 normotensive controls. RESULTS: During the study period, the incidence of PIH was 4.9 percent. They were more associated with diabetes mellitus and multiple pregnancy than controls (p < 0.02). About 43 percent of the hypertensive parturients used antihypertensive therapy. More of them had induction of labor (p < 0.001), preterm delivery (p < 0.0002) and cesarean section (p < 0.001), and babies with low birthweight (p < 0.01). In the linear regression analysis, hypertension in pregnancy gave rise to more hospitalisation, intrauterine growth retardation and operative deliveries than the normotensive controls. The perinatal mortality was higher (p < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Despite the economic expenditure of about five times more for hypertensive women in pregnancy than in controls, both obstetric and neonatal outcome, are still significantly worse in the former. This study therefore advocates more research into the prevention, prediction and management, including neonatal care, of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in neonates with congenital hyperinsulinism.; INTRODUCTION: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a well-recognised complication in infants of diabetic mothers and is attributed to a compensatory increase in fetal insulin secretion. Infants with congenital hyperinsulinism have excessive prenatal and postnatal insulin secretion due to defects in pathways of insulin secretion (most commonly the KATP channel). HCM has been reported in a few neonates with hyperinsulinism, but its extent and risk factors for its development have not been evaluated. METHODS: Retrospective chart review of infants, age <3 months, with congenital hyperinsulinism managed by Children's Hospital of Philadelphia over a 3.5-year period. DATA: Gestational age, birth weight, hyperinsulinism form and treatments, echocardiogram results, cardiac/respiratory complications. RESULTS: 68 infants were included, 58 requiring pancreatectomy for diffuse (n=28) or focal (n=30) disease, 10 were diazoxide-sensitive. Twenty-five had echocardiograms performed. Ten had HCM, all of whom required pancreatectomy and eight of whom had confirmed ATP-sensitive potassium-hyperinsulinism. Subjects with HCM had younger gestational age 36(32, 38) than their surgical counterparts without HCM 38 (31.6, 43), p=0.02. DISCUSSION: HCM appears common in infants with severe hyperinsulinism. Routine echocardiogram and EKG of at-risk newborns should be considered. Fetal hyperinsulinism is the likely mediating factor for HCM in HI infants.
The problem of the older primipara.; The obstetric data relating to 98 older primiparas (OP) (0.21% of all deliveries) are compared with 100 randomly chosen older multiparas (OM) and 100 young primiparas (YP). Notable differences observed were a higher incidence of toxemia and a greater incidence of uterine myomata in the OP group. No difference was seen in the incidences of diabetes, cardiac disease, and essential hypertension. There was a greater number of preterm deliveries. The frequencies of induction of labor, vacuum extraction, and cesarean section were much greater in the OP group. No difference in postnatal course was detected among the 3 groups. No significant increase in perinatal morbidity was observed, but the incidences of prematurity and perinatal mortality were higher. It seems that the attending obstetrician is much quicker to decide to terminate pregnancy or labor ithe OP group. Except for the need for special attention to prematurity and perinatal mortality, the OP group is not at high risk.
Management of anticoagulant therapy for patients with prosthetic heart valves or atrial fibrillation.; There is a wide array of recommendations for the management of anticoagulant therapy in patients with mechanical heart valves. Especially the optimal intensity of vitamin K antagonists (VKA) is a ongoing matter of debate. On the basis of several studies, recommendations for daily clinical practice can be made. In this review, we discussed the studies and the different guidelines. Guidelines for the prevention of thromboembolic complications in patients with atrial fibrillation are more stringent. VKA with a target INR between 2.0 and 3.0 is more effective in the prevention of stroke than aspirin, especially in the presence of riskfactors for thromboembolism (age above 65, previous thromboembolism, history of hypertension and diabetes, enlarged left atrial diameter and left ventricular dysfunction). In the absence of clinical or echocardiographical riskfactors for thromboembolism, patients may be safely treated with aspirin.
Current controversies in the management of Graves' hyperthyroidism.; Introduction: The management of Graves' disease centers on the use of effective and well-established therapies, namely thionamide antithyroid drugs, radioactive iodine, and thyroidectomy. Optimal treatment strategies are however controversial and vary significantly across centers.Areas covered: This review addresses specific controversies in Graves' disease management including the choice of primary therapy, the approach to women planning pregnancy, and optimal strategies for antithyroid drug and radioiodine therapy.Expert opinion: Important considerations in choosing therapy include treatment efficacy, adverse effects, patient convenience, and resource settings. Recent data suggest that early and effective control of hyperthyroidism is key to improving cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Studies addressing cancer risk in radioiodine-treated patients face methodological challenges and require clarification in appropriately designed studies. Remission rates with antithyroid drugs are comparable when thionamides are used alone (titration-regimen) or in combination with levothyroxine (block and replace) and can be optimized by extending treatment for at least 12-18 months. Fixed and calculated radioiodine activity regimens are both effective but entail a trade-off between convenience and precision in the administered activity. Optimal preconception strategies are still evolving but ablative treatment in advance of pregnancy offers the most pragmatic means of reducing adverse effects of hyperthyroidism in subsequent pregnancy.
The principles of uncomplicated exodontia: simple steps for safe extractions.; This article reviews the basic principles of patient evaluation and surgical techniques to accomplish extraction of teeth in an uncomplicated manner. Also presented are techniques for extraction-site grafting with bioactive glass.
Early-pregnancy N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide level is inversely associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy diagnosed after 35 weeks of gestation.; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are among the major causes of high maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and mortality rates. Patients with HDP have significantly elevated N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels at diagnosis; however, the NT-proBNP levels during early pregnancy are largely unknown. This study aimed to validate the association between HDP and NT-proBNP levels. This retrospective study evaluated 103 pregnant women who developed HDP diagnosed after 35 weeks of gestation and 667 who did not. The HDP group had significantly lower early-pregnancy NT-proBNP levels than the without HDP group. However, the two groups did not significantly differ in terms of the late-pregnancy NT-proBNP levels. After adjusting for confounding factors such as age, body mass index, parity, and blood pressure levels, high early-pregnancy NT-proBNP levels were associated with a lower HDP risk. Early-pregnancy NT-proBNP levels ≥ 60.5 pg/mL had a negative predictive value of 97.0% for ruling out HDP, with a sensitivity of 87.4% and specificity of 62.5%. In conclusion, elevated early-pregnancy NT-proBNP levels were associated with a lower HDP risk. Moreover, a cutoff point of ≥ 60.5 pg/mL for early-pregnancy NT-proBNP levels had a high negative predictive value and sensitivity for ruling out HDP. These findings can provide new clinical implications.
Intravenous maternal hydration in third trimester oligohydramnios: effect on amniotic fluid volume.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the affect of acute intravenous maternal hydration on amniotic fluid volume in patients with third trimester oligohydramnios. STUDY DESIGN: Quasi experimental study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Unit III, Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Lahore, from May 2001 to April 2002. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Twenty-five women with third trimester oligohydramnios (AFI < or = 5.0 cm) and 25 controls with normal amniotic fluid volume (AFI 8-24 cm) were prospectively recruited for this study. Study inclusion criteria were, singleton pregnancy, well-established gestational age, intact membranes, absence of maternal complication (anemia, cardiac disease, renal disease, pre-eclampsia, hypertension, or diabetes); absence of fetal structural malformation and/or distress. Maternal urinary specific gravity and amniotic fluid index were determined before and after intravenous hydration by infusing 2 liters of 5% dextrose water in 2 hours and recorded on printed proformas. Sample independent 't' test was used to compare the mean AFI and urine specific gravity before and after treatment, and the posttreatment AFI--pre-treatment AFI ( delta AFI). RESULTS: Maternal hydration increased amniotic fluid volume (AFV) in women with oligohydramnios (mean change in amniotic fluid index 4.5 cm, 95% confidence interval 4.02 to 5.06; p-value<0.01); as well as in women with normal amniotic fluid volume (mean change in amniotic fluid index 2.7 cm, 95% confidence interval 2.23 to 3.21; p-value<0.01). The percentage increase in mean AFI was 58.6% in the oligohydramnios group, which was significantly greater (p<0.05) than the percentage increase of 28.4% in control group. Maternal hydration was associated with decrease in urinary specific gravity in both groups. CONCLUSION: Under the conditions of this study, maternal (intravenous) hydration increased the AFV in women with oligohydramnios as well as in those with normal AFV and may be beneficial in the management of oligohydramnios.
Advanced maternal age and the outcomes of preterm neonates: a social paradox?; OBJECTIVE: To estimate the effect of maternal age on survival free of major morbidity among preterm newborns younger than 33 weeks of gestation at birth. METHODS: Data from a retrospective cohort of preterm newborns younger than 33 weeks of gestation admitted to Canadian neonatal intensive care units between 2003 and 2008 were analyzed. The primary outcome was survival without major morbidity (defined as bronchopulmonary dysplasia, intraventricular hemorrhage grade 3 or 4, periventricular leukomalacia, retinopathy of prematurity stage 3, 4 or 5, or necrotizing enterocolitis stage 2 or 3). Trends in outcomes in relation to maternal age groups were examined using a multivariable analysis that controlled for confounders. RESULTS: Baseline comparison for the 12,326 eligible newborns revealed no differences in sex, small-for-gestational-age status, and chorioamnionitis among different maternal age groups. Higher rates of cesarean delivery, use of prenatal steroids, maternal hypertension, and diabetes were noted as maternal age increased (P<.01). Increasing maternal age was associated with increased survival without major morbidity (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.047, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.001-1.095) and reductions in mortality (adjusted OR 0.922, 95% CI 0.855-0.955), necrotizing enterocolitis (adjusted OR 0.888, 95% CI 0.816-0.967), and sepsis (adjusted OR 0.904, 95% CI 0.862-0.948). CONCLUSION: Among preterm newborns, the odds of survival without major morbidity improved by 5% and mortality (8%), necrotizing enterocolitis (11%), and sepsis (9%) reduced as maternal age group increased by 5 years. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Cardiovascular Programming During and After Diabetic Pregnancy: Role of Placental Dysfunction and IUGR.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a condition whereby a fetus is unable to achieve its genetically determined potential size. IUGR is a global health challenge due to high mortality and morbidity amongst affected neonates. It is a multifactorial condition caused by maternal, fetal, placental, and genetic confounders. Babies born of diabetic pregnancies are usually large for gestational age but under certain conditions whereby prolonged uncontrolled hyperglycemia leads to placental dysfunction, the outcome of the pregnancy is an intrauterine growth restricted fetus with clinical features of malnutrition. Placental dysfunction leads to undernutrition and hypoxia, which triggers gene modification in the developing fetus due to fetal adaptation to adverse utero environmental conditions. Thus, in utero gene modification results in future cardiovascular programming in postnatal and adult life. Ongoing research aims to broaden our understanding of the molecular mechanisms and pathological pathways involved in fetal programming due to IUGR. There is a need for the development of effective preventive and therapeutic strategies for the management of growth-restricted infants. Information on the mechanisms involved with in utero epigenetic modification leading to development of cardiovascular disease in adult life will increase our understanding and allow the identification of susceptible individuals as well as the design of targeted prevention strategies. This article aims to systematically review the latest molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of IUGR in cardiovascular programming. Animal models of IUGR that used nutrient restriction and hypoxia to mimic the clinical conditions in humans of reduced flow of nutrients and oxygen to the fetus will be discussed in terms of cardiac remodeling and epigenetic programming of cardiovascular disease. Experimental evidence of long-term fetal programming due to IUGR will also be included.
Initial Antepartum Care.; Antepartum care, or prenatal care, is the health care provided during pregnancy to optimize outcomes for both the mother and the fetus. The primary objective of the initial antenatal care visit is to establish the estimated delivery date, identify high-risk pregnancies, and perform maternal and fetal screening. During the initial visit, which ideally occurs in the first trimester, prenatal care assessments involve taking a complete medical history, performing physical and gynecological exams, and conducting laboratory and imaging studies. High-risk pregnancies necessitate more frequent surveillance.  Prenatal care has become the most frequently utilized healthcare service within the United States (US), with 98% of women who give birth initiating regular care at some point in their pregnancy. After the first positive pregnancy test, care is typically sought by patients and begins after a confirmed sonographic intrauterine pregnancy. In addition to initial medical history, the first antepartum visit involves complex clinical assessments, including potential exposures to infections or toxins, and psychosocial assessments to identify issues such as mental health concerns, barriers to care, and exposure to violence and monitoring for potential complications, including maternal metrics (eg, blood pressure, weight, and height), fetal heart activity, and screens for maternal-fetal conditions (eg, anemia, infections, and sexually transmitted diseases). Ultrasound examinations are essential for accurate gestational dating, detecting multiple pregnancies, and screening for congenital anomalies. Prenatal genetic screening for conditions like aneuploidies and carrier screenings for genetic disorders are also offered. Laboratory tests during prenatal visits confirm pregnancy and screen for conditions such as anemia, infections, and sexually transmitted diseases. Based on individual risk factors, targeted screenings for thyroid function, diabetes, and other conditions are performed. With the increasing focus beginning in the early 1990s on preventing maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality, great efforts have been made to improve access to quality antepartum care for low socioeconomic and minority populations. Although still prevalent despite efforts, the growing disparities between minority populations are rooted in lack of access and complex obstetric and medical risk factors leading to poor obstetric outcomes. Consequently, this approach to antepartum care ensures early identification of potential complications, enabling timely interventions, improved maternal and fetal outcomes, and an enhanced antepartum experience for the patient.
Association of number of live births with left ventricular structure and function. The Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA).; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy is associated with marked maternal cardiovascular/hemodynamic changes. A greater number of pregnancies may be associated with long-term subclinical changes in left ventricular (LV) remodeling. METHODS: Among 2,234 white, black, Hispanic, and Chinese women (mean age 62 years) in the MESA, we used linear regression to relate live births and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging LV measures. Covariates included age, ethnicity, height, income, education, birth country, smoking, menopause, and oral contraceptive duration. Models were additionally adjusted for potential mediators: systolic blood pressure, antihypertensive use, total/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, diabetes, and body mass index. We performed sensitivity analyses excluding 763 women in the lowest socioeconomic group: annual income <$25,000 and lower high school level of education. RESULTS: With each live birth, LV mass increased 1.26 g; LV end-diastolic volume, 0.74 mL; and LV end-systolic volume, 0.45 mL; LV ejection fraction decreased 0.18% (P trend <0.05). Changes were most notable for the category of women with ≥5 pregnancies. Upon adjustment for potential biologic mediators, live births remained positively associated with LV mass and end-systolic volume. Live births remained significantly associated with LV end-systolic, end-diastolic volumes, and LV mass (P trend ≤0.02) after excluding women in the lowest socioeconomic group. CONCLUSIONS: Number of live births is associated with key LV structural and functional measures in middle to older ages, even after adjustment for sociodemographic factors and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Hemodynamic changes during pregnancy may be associated with cardiac structure/function beyond childbearing years.
Effects of Prone Sleeping on Cerebral Oxygenation in Preterm Infants.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of prone sleeping on cerebral oxygenation in preterm infants in the neonatal intensive care unit. STUDY DESIGN: Preterm infants, divided into extremely preterm (gestational age 24-28 weeks; n = 23) and very preterm (gestational age 29-34 weeks; n = 33) groups, were studied weekly until discharge in prone and supine positions during active and quiet sleep. Cerebral tissue oxygenation index (TOI) and arterial oxygen saturation (SaO(2)) were recorded. Cerebral fractional tissue extraction (CFOE) was calculated as CFOE = (SaO(2) - TOI)/SaO(2). RESULTS: In extremely preterm infants, CFOE increased modestly in the prone position in both sleep states at age 1 week, in no change in TOI despite higher SaO(2). In contrast, the very preterm infants did not have position-related differences in CFOE until the fifth week of life. In the very preterm infants, TOI decreased and CFOE increased with active sleep compared with quiet sleep and with increasing postnatal age. CONCLUSION: At 1 week of age, prone sleeping increased CFOE in extremely preterm infants, suggesting reduced cerebral blood flow. Our findings reveal important physiological insights in clinically stable preterm infants. Further studies are needed to verify our findings in unstable preterm infants regarding the potential risk of cerebral injury in the prone sleeping position in early postnatal life.
Deaths: Leading Causes for 2017.; Objectives-This report presents final 2017 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements "Deaths: Final Data for 2017," the National Center for Health Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. Methods-Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2017. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. Results-In 2017, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Cerebrovascular diseases; Alzheimer disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). They accounted for 74% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2017 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Sudden infant death syndrome; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; Respiratory distress of newborn; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Neonatal and Maternal Outcomes of Pregnancies following Stillbirth.; OBJECTIVE: Prior stillbirth increases risk of subsequent stillbirth but has unclear effect on subsequent liveborn pregnancies. We examined associations between prior stillbirth, adverse neonatal outcomes, and maternal morbidity in subsequent liveborn pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a large, National Institutes of Health-funded retrospective cohort study of parturients who delivered a singleton infant at a tertiary-care hospital from January 2002 to March 2013 and had a past medical/obstetric history of diabetic, and/or hypertensive disorders, and/or pregnancy with fetal growth restriction. Our analysis included all multiparous patients from the parent study. The primary outcome was a neonatal morbidity composite (neonatal resuscitation, neonatal birth injury, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of the newborn, hypoglycemia, sepsis). Secondary outcomes included a maternal morbidity composite (venous thromboembolism, intensive care unit admission, disseminated intravascular coagulation, sepsis, hysterectomy, pulmonary edema, renal failure, blood transfusion), other maternal/delivery complications, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. Outcomes were compared between those with versus without prior stillbirth. Negative binomial regression controlled for maternal comorbidities and delivery year. RESULTS: Among 171 and 5,245 multiparous parturients with versus without prior stillbirth, respectively, those with prior stillbirth had higher rates of pregestational diabetes, autoimmune disease, and clotting disorders. After controlling for these differences and delivery year, infants of parturients with prior stillbirth had similar risk of composite neonatal morbidity (adjusted relative ratio [aRR] 1.19; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.99-1.45) but higher risk of NICU admission (aRR 1.42; 95% CI 1.06-1.91) compared with infants of parturients without prior stillbirth, despite delivering at similar gestational ages. Multiparous patients with prior stillbirth had equal maternal morbidity risk but higher risk of developing preeclampsia with severe features (aRR 2.11; 95% CI 1.19-3.72). CONCLUSION: Compared with high-risk multiparous patients without prior stillbirth, those with prior stillbirth have higher risk of NICU admission and preeclampsia with severe features. KEY POINTS: · Prior stillbirth increases risk in subsequent livebirth for NICU admission and neonatal morbidity.. · Prior stillbirth increased the risk of severe preeclampsia for mothers in subsequent livebirth.. · Additional monitoring of pregnancies of patients with prior history of demise may be warranted..
Incidence and risk factors associated with the patency of ductus arteriosus in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome in Kuwait.; OBJECTIVE: Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is considered to be an important cause of morbidity and mortality among preterm infants. The aim of this study is to determine the incidence of PDA in ventilated preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) and to evaluate the role of some antenatal risk factors on its occurrence in our population. METHODS: The case records of the preterm infants of <34 weeks gestational age, who were ventilated for RDS at the neonatal intensive care unit of Maternity Hospital, Safat, Kuwait, between March 1998 and February 1999, were reviewed. Diagnosis of PDA was based on echocardiographic findings. The association between the risk factors chosen and the PDA was also evaluated. RESULTS: A total of 101 infants whose gestational ages ranged between 25-33 weeks, and birth weights between 685-1580 grams were included. Fifty-four had a significant PDA (53.4%). Maternal diabetes and antepartum hemorrhage (APH), birth weights, gestational ages, multiplicity and gender of the infants were found to be related to the incidence of PDA. CONCLUSION: The incidence of PDA in our ventilated preterm infants with RDS is similar to those reported from other neonatal units outside Kuwait. There are some factors that may identify babies, who are prone to develop PDA, which need to be confirmed by further prospective studies using a larger population.
Human cord plasma proteomic analysis reveals sexually dimorphic proteins associated with intrauterine growth restriction.; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic disease later in life and has been shown to affect female and male offspring differently, but the mechanisms remain unclear. The purpose of this study was to identify proteomic differences and metabolic risk markers in IUGR male and female neonates when compared to appropriate for gestational age (AGA) babies that will provide a better understanding of IUGR pathogenesis and its associated risks. Our results revealed alterations in IUGR cord plasma proteomes with most of the differentially abundant proteins implicated in peroxisome pathways. This effect was evident in females but not in males. Furthermore, we observed that catalase activity, a peroxisomal enzyme, was significantly increased in females (p < 0.05) but unchanged in males. Finally, we identified risk proteins associated with obesity, type-2 diabetes, and glucose intolerance such as EGF containing fibulin extracellular matrix protein 1 (EFEMP1), proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) and transforming growth factor beta receptor 3 (TGFBR3) proteins unique to females while coagulation factor IX (C9) and retinol binding protein 4 (RBP4) are unique in males. In conclusion, IUGR may display sexual dimorphism which may be associated with differences in lifelong risk for cardiometabolic disease between males and females.
[Obesity in women].; Obesity has become an important problem of public health in all developed countries. It has slightly different connotations in women because, apart from its greater prevalence, low socio-economic level is a risk factor solely for women. As well as a cardiovascular risk factor in women, it is associated with an increased risk of breast cancer, cancer of the endometrium, ovarian polycystosis and infertility. Weight control in women has a large aesthetic motivation and eating has considerable emotional components. On the other hand, women consume more drugs (contraceptives, painkillers, migraine treatments, anxiolytics, anti-depressants) which seem to favour obesity. The role played in the pathogenesis of obesity by cyclical hormonal changes, pregnancy, the consumption of oral contraceptives and the menopause remains to be clarified. The effect of replacement hormone therapy as a cause of weight gain is doubtful.
Placental lesions attributed to shallow implantation, excess extravillous trophoblast and decidual hypoxia: Correlation with maternal vascular malperfusion and related obstetric conditions.; INTRODUCTION: Maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) is one of four main patterns of placental injury defined by the Amsterdam consensus statement and is associated with adverse fetal and maternal outcomes. Laminar decidual necrosis (DLN), extravillous trophoblast islands (ETIs), placental septa (PS), and basal plate multinucleate implantation-type trophoblasts (MNTs) are lesions attributed to decidual hypoxia, excess trophoblast, and shallow implantation, but are not included in the current MVM diagnostic criteria. We aimed to investigate the relationship between these lesions and MVM. METHODS: A case-control model was used to evaluate for DLN, ETIs, PS, and MNTs. Placentas with MVM on pathologic examination (defined as ≥2 related lesions) constituted the case group, and maternal age- and GPA-status-matched placentas with less than 2 lesions constituted the control group. MVM-related obstetric morbidities were recorded, including hypertension, preeclampsia, and diabetes. These were correlated with the lesions of interest. RESULTS: 200 placentas were reviewed: 100 MVM cases and 100 controls. MNTs and PS showed significant enrichment in the MVM group (p < .05). Furthermore, larger foci of MNTs (>2 mm linear extent) were significantly associated with chronic or gestational hypertension (OR = 4.10; p < .05) and preeclampsia (OR = 8.14; p < .05). DLN extent correlated with placental infarction, but DLN and ETIs (including size and number) lacked association with MVM-related clinical conditions. DISCUSSION: As a marker of abnormally shallow placentation and related maternal morbidities, MNT merits inclusion within the MVM pathologic spectrum. Consistent reporting of MNTs >2 mm in size is recommended, as these lesions correlate with other MVM lesions and MVM-predisposing morbidities. Other lesions, particularly DLN and ETI, lacked such association questioning their diagnostic utility.
OCULAR COMPLICATIONS OF DIABETES MELLITUS IN PREGNANCY - CASE REPORT.; Pregnancy is associated with increased risk of progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR), the greatest risk of worsening occurs during the second trimester of pregnancy and persists as long as one year after the childbirth. The risk factors include duration of the diabetes, insufficient metabolic control, severity of DR at the time of conception and presence of coexisting vascular disease, such as arterial hypertension, and pregnancy itself. The recommendations for retinopathy screening in pregnancy vary significantly. A dilated fundus exam should be done in the beginning of pregnancy, the next follow-up throughout pregnancy depends on the severity of ocular findings. The cooperation of multi-disciplinary team consisting of ophthalmologist, obstetrition and endocrinologist is essential to provide the best health care. The authors present a case report of a pregnant woman with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM), who had a progression of DR and diabetic macular edema (DME) in both eyes during pregnancy. She has had DM for 24 years and has been treated with insulin. The patient was examined at the 23rd week of the second pregnancy (first pregnancy was terminated because of missed miscarriage). The diagnosis of advanced proliferative DR and advanced DME in both eyes was made so we performed panretinal laser photocoagulation of the retina of both eyes. Despite that the ocular findings got worse and we found vitreous haemorrhage in the left eye. We performed pars plana vitrectomy (PPV) of the left eye at the 28th week of pregnancy, nevertheless the DME got worse in both eyes, so we recommended to terminate the pregnancy at the 31st week because of the risk of loss of vision. The visual acuity of the left eye improved, but suddenly there was vitreous haemorrhage in the right eye after the delivery. We indicated PPV of the right eye, the outcome of the surgery was satisfying. We still take care about this patient.
Early Pulmonary Vascular Disease in Preterm Infants Is Associated with Late Respiratory Outcomes in Childhood.; RATIONALE: Early pulmonary vascular disease (PVD) after preterm birth is associated with a high risk for developing bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), but its relationship with late respiratory outcomes during early childhood remains uncertain. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether PVD at 7 days after preterm birth is associated with late respiratory disease (LRD) during early childhood. METHODS: This was a prospective study of preterm infants born before 34 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA). Echocardiograms were performed at 7 days and 36 weeks PMA. Prenatal and early postnatal factors and postdischarge follow-up survey data obtained at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months of age were analyzed in logistic regression models to identify early risk factors for LRD, defined as a physician diagnosis of asthma, reactive airways disease, BPD exacerbation, bronchiolitis, or pneumonia, or a respiratory-related hospitalization during follow-up. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Of the 221 subjects (median, 27 wk PMA; interquartile range, 25-28 and 920 g; interquartile range, 770-1090 g) completing follow-up, 61% met LRD criteria. Gestational diabetes and both mechanical ventilator support and PVD at 7 days were associated with LRD. The combination of PVD and mechanical ventilator support at 7 days was among the strongest prognosticators of LRD (odds ratio, 8.1; confidence interval, 3.1-21.9; P < 0.001). Modeled prenatal and early postnatal factors accurately informed LRD (area under the curve, 0.764). Adding BPD status at 36 weeks PMA to the model did not change the accuracy (area under the curve, 0.771). CONCLUSIONS: Early echocardiographic evidence of PVD after preterm birth in combination with other perinatal factors is a strong risk factor for LRD, suggesting that early PVD may contribute to the pathobiology of BPD.
Aboriginal pregnancies and births in South Australia, 1981-1982.; Information on 555 Aboriginal births which occurred during 1981 and 1982 was forwarded by midwives to the South Australian perinatal statistics unit. Corresponding information was also supplied for all other births in the state. This information showed that Aboriginal women appear to have a higher fertility rate than do other women, particularly in the teenage years. Aboriginal mothers are very young and have a high parity. They appear to receive little antenatal care and there is a greater tendency for their pregnancies to be complicated by medical conditions, such as anaemia, urinary tract infections, cardiac disorders and diabetes. Post-partum haemorrhages and retained placentas are relatively common, as are genital tract infections after delivery. Aboriginal babies are characterized by low birthweights, low Apgar scores, and prematurity. There is an indication that Aboriginal babies may have a high perinatal mortality rate in the country areas of South Australia. It is intended that this information be used as a baseline for evaluating trends in the health status of Aborigines.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy and the risk of congenital malformations: a cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: Chronic hypertension is a common medical condition in pregnancy. The purpose of the study was to examine the association between maternal chronic hypertension and the risk of congenital malformations in the offspring. STUDY DESIGN: We defined a cohort of 878,126 completed pregnancies linked to infant medical records using the Medicaid Analytic Extract. The risk of congenital malformations was compared between normotensive controls and those with treated and untreated chronic hypertension. Confounding was addressed using propensity score matching. RESULTS: After matching, compared with normotensive controls, pregnancies complicated by treated chronic hypertension were at increased risk of congenital malformations (odds ratio [OR], 1.3; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.2-1.5), as were pregnancies with untreated chronic hypertension (OR 1.2; 95% CI, 1.1-1.3). In our analysis of organ-specific malformations, both treated and untreated chronic hypertension was associated with a significant increase in the risk of cardiac malformations (OR, 1.6; 95% CI, 1.4-1.9 and OR, 1.5; 95% CI, 1.3-1.7, respectively). These associations persisted across a range of sensitivity analyses. CONCLUSION: There is a similar increase in the risk of congenital malformations (particularly cardiac malformations) associated with treated and untreated chronic hypertension that is independent of measured confounders. Studies evaluating the teratogenic potential of antihypertensive medications must control for confounding by indication. Fetuses and neonates of mothers with chronic hypertension should be carefully evaluated for potential malformations, particularly cardiac defects.
Incidence of diabetes after SARS-CoV-2 infection in England and the implications of COVID-19 vaccination: a retrospective cohort study of 16 million people.; BACKGROUND: Some studies have shown that the incidence of type 2 diabetes increases after a diagnosis of COVID-19, although the evidence is not conclusive. However, the effects of the COVID-19 vaccine on this association, or the effect on other diabetes subtypes, are not clear. We aimed to investigate the association between COVID-19 and incidence of type 2, type 1, gestational and non-specific diabetes, and the effect of COVID- 19 vaccination, up to 52 weeks after diagnosis. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, we investigated the diagnoses of incident diabetes following COVID-19 diagnosis in England in a pre-vaccination, vaccinated, and unvaccinated cohort using linked electronic health records. People alive and aged between 18 years and 110 years, registered with a general practitioner for at least 6 months before baseline, and with available data for sex, region, and area deprivation were included. Those with a previous COVID-19 diagnosis were excluded. We estimated adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) comparing diabetes incidence after COVID-19 diagnosis with diabetes incidence before or in the absence of COVID-19 up to 102 weeks after diagnosis. Results were stratified by COVID-19 severity (categorised as hospitalised or non-hospitalised) and diabetes type. FINDINGS: 16 669 943 people were included in the pre-vaccination cohort (Jan 1, 2020-Dec 14, 2021), 12 279 669 in the vaccinated cohort, and 3 076 953 in the unvaccinated cohort (both June 1-Dec 14, 2021). In the pre-vaccination cohort, aHRs for the incidence of type 2 diabetes after COVID-19 (compared with before or in the absence of diagnosis) declined from 4·30 (95% CI 4·06-4·55) in weeks 1-4 to 1·24 (1·14-1.35) in weeks 53-102. aHRs were higher in unvaccinated people (8·76 [7·49-10·25]) than in vaccinated people (1·66 [1·50-1·84]) in weeks 1-4 and in patients hospitalised with COVID-19 (pre-vaccination cohort 28·3 [26·2-30·5]) in weeks 1-4 declining to 2·04 [1·72-2·42] in weeks 53-102) than in those who were not hospitalised (1·95 [1·78-2·13] in weeks 1-4 declining to 1·11 [1·01-1·22] in weeks 53-102). Type 2 diabetes persisted for 4 months after COVID-19 in around 60% of those diagnosed. Patterns were similar for type 1 diabetes, although excess incidence did not persist beyond 1 year after a COVID-19 diagnosis. INTERPRETATION: Elevated incidence of type 2 diabetes after COVID-19 is greater, and persists for longer, in people who were hospitalised with COVID-19 than in those who were not, and is markedly less apparent in people who have been vaccinated against COVID-19. Testing for type 2 diabetes after severe COVID-19 and the promotion of vaccination are important tools in addressing this public health problem. FUNDING: UK National Institute for Health and Care Research, UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) Medical Research Council, UKRI Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, Health Data Research UK, Diabetes UK, British Heart Foundation, and the Stroke Association.
Mitral valve chord rupture in a pregnant patient with uncontrolled hyperthyroidism.; SUMMARY: Graves' disease can have multiple cardiac manifestations. A rare complication is that of severe mitral regurgitation secondary to mitral valve chordae rupture, due to both compromise of valve integrity by deposition of glycosaminoglycans and the hemodynamic stresses of thyrotoxicosis. Pregnancy, with its related hemodynamic changes, is another setting in which mitral valve chordae rupture has occasionally been documented. We present a unique case of a 36-year-old female with uncontrolled Graves' disease who presented during pregnancy at 13 weeks gestation with atrial flutter and features of congestive heart failure. Echocardiogram found severe mitral regurgitation secondary to a ruptured mitral chord. She was treated conservatively with diuresis and ultimately delivered her baby without complication at 28 weeks when she had preterm premature rupture of membranes. She is currently on methimazole and propranolol and pending definitive management of her Graves' disease. This represents not only a rare cardiac complication in a patient with Graves' disease but also is the first in the literature, to our knowledge, which describes this complication in a pregnant patient with Graves' disease. LEARNING POINTS: Thyroid disease can have multiple effects on the heart through hemodynamic and structural changes and can result in heart failure, arrhythmias, valvular disease, and pulmonary hypertension. Graves' disease can cause glycosaminoglycan deposition in valvular tissue resulting in fragile leaflets that can rupture with little stress. Pregnancy and thyrotoxicosis have similar hemodynamic consequences with increased cardiac output and reduced systemic vascular resistance. Be vigilant in those with hyperthyroidism with a new murmur or features of acute heart failure, as a ruptured valve chord can result in increased morbidity and mortality if not recognized and addressed quickly.
[Insulin resistance as a mechanism of adaptation during human evolution].; The recent application of concepts of evolution to human disease is proving useful to understand certain pathophysiological mechanisms of different entities that span genomic alterations of immunity, respiratory and hormone function, and the circulatory and neural systems. However, effort has concentrated on explaining the keys to adaptation that define human metabolism and, since the early 1960s, several theories have been developed. This article reviews some of the hypotheses postulated in recent years on the potential benefit of insulin resistance and discusses the most recent knowledge. The concept of the thrifty gene seems to have been definitively refuted by current knowledge. The current paradigm describes an interaction between the metabolic and the immune systems resulting from their coevolution, promoted by evolutionary pressures triggered by fasting, infection and intake of different foods. The activation and regulation of these ancient mechanisms in integrated and interdependent areas defines insulin resistance as a survival strategy that is critical during fasting and in the fight against infection. The relationship with some components of the diet and, particularly, with the symbiotic intestinal microflora points to new paradigms in understanding the pathophysiology of obesity, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Racial disparities in heterotaxy syndrome.; BACKGROUND: Heterotaxy syndrome (HTX) is a constellation of defects including abnormal organ lateralization and often including congenital heart defects. HTX has widely divergent population-based estimates of prevalence, racial and ethnic predominance, and mortality in current literature. METHODS: The objective of this study was to use a population-based registry to investigate potential racial and ethnic disparities in HTX. Using the Texas Birth Defects Registry, we described clinical features and mortality of HTX among infants delivered from 1999 to 2006. We calculated birth prevalence and crude prevalence (cPR) ratios for infant sex, maternal diabetes, and sociodemographic factors. RESULTS: A total of 353 HTX cases were identified from 2,993,604 births (prevalence ratio = 1.18 per 10,000 live births. HTX prevalence was approximately 70% higher among infants of Hispanic and non-Hispanic black mothers and 28% higher among female infants (cPR = 1.28; 95% confidence interval,1.04-1.59). There was a twofold higher female preponderance for infants of mothers who were non-Hispanic white or black. Mothers with diabetes were three times more likely to have a child with HTX compared with nondiabetics (cPR = 3.13; 95% confidence interval, 2.12-4.45). Among nondiabetics, HTX cases were 86% more likely to have a Hispanic mother and 72% a non-Hispanic black mother. First-year mortality for live born children with HTX was 30.9%. CONCLUSION: This study represents one of the largest population-based studies of HTX to date, with a novel finding of higher rates of HTX among Hispanic infants of mostly Mexican origin, as well as among female infants of only non-Hispanic white and black mothers. These findings warrant further investigation.
Substantial decrease in preeclampsia prevalence and risk over two decades: A population-based study of 1,153,227 deliveries in Norway.; OBJECTIVES: Analyze secular trends of preeclampsia in Norway based on risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: Population-based cohort study of 1,153,227 women using data from Medical Birth Registry of Norway from 1999 to 2018. Aggregated data from Norwegian Prescription Database from 2004 to 2018 were used. Main exposure variable was time period. Descriptive statistics identified the prevalence of preeclampsia, labor induction and aspirin use. Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to estimate the risk of preeclampsia during the time periods. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Preeclampsia. RESULTS: Overall preeclampsia prevalence decreased from 4.3% in 1999-2002 to 2.7% in 2015-2018. A reduction was observed in all subgroups of women with known risk factors (age, nulliparity, diabetes, chronic hypertension, assisted reproduction, twin pregnancy). Adjusted risk of preeclampsia was reduced by 44% from 1999-2002 to 2015-2018 (aOR = 0.56, 95%CI 0.54, 0.58), while the net prevalence of gestational hypertension remained stable over the study period. Labor induction increased 104%. Aspirin prescriptions increased among fertile women in the general Norwegian population. CONCLUSIONS: Preeclampsia prevalence and risk were reduced regardless of risk factors and despite an increased proportion of high-risk parturients (advanced age, lower parity, use of assisted reproduction). A corresponding increase in aspirin prescriptions among fertile women and an overall increase in labor inductions were also observed, suggesting that clinical interventions may partly explain the observed reduction in preeclampsia prevalence. Lower average blood pressure and improved health in the population may also explain some of the reduction.
Overnutrition during Pregnancy and Lactation Induces Gender-Dependent Dysmetabolism in the Offspring Accompanied by Heightened Stress and Anxiety.; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes predispose the next generation to metabolic disturbances. Moreover, the lactation phase also stands as a critical phase for metabolic programming. Nevertheless, the precise mechanisms originating these changes remain unclear. Here, we investigate the consequences of a maternal lipid-rich diet during gestation and lactation and its impact on metabolism and behavior in the offspring. Two experimental groups of Wistar female rats were used: a control group (NC) that was fed a standard diet during the gestation and lactation periods and an overnutrition group that was fed a high-fat diet (HF, 60% lipid-rich) during the same phases. The offspring were analyzed at postnatal days 21 and 28 and at 2 months old (PD21, PD28, and PD60) for their metabolic profiles (weight, fasting glycemia insulin sensitivity, and glucose tolerance) and euthanized for brain collection to evaluate metabolism and inflammation in the hypothalamus, hippocampus, and prefrontal cortex using Western blot markers of synaptic dynamics. At 2 months old, behavioral tests for anxiety, stress, cognition, and food habits were conducted. We observed that the female offspring born from HF mothers exhibited increased weight gain and decreased glucose tolerance that attenuated with age. In the offspring males, weight gain increased at P21 and worsened with age, while glucose tolerance remained unchanged. The offspring of the HF mothers exhibited elevated levels of anxiety and stress during behavioral tests, displaying decreased predisposition for curiosity compared to the NC group. In addition, the offspring from mothers with HF showed increased food consumption and a lower tendency towards food-related aggression. We conclude that exposure to an HF diet during pregnancy and lactation induces dysmetabolism in the offspring and is accompanied by heightened stress and anxiety. There was sexual dimorphism in the metabolic traits but not behavioral phenotypes.
Genetics of common diseases of adulthood. Implications for prenatal counseling and diagnosis.; Genetic factors play an important role in the development of many common diseases of adulthood that result in early morbidity and mortality. Prevention of these disorders and their sequelae is best established through early detection and early intervention. Although it may be feasible to screen the entire population for some disorders (e.g., hypertension), this approach would be expensive and impractical for others (e.g., colon cancer). The family history provides an inexpensive and convenient method of identifying families at risk for premature diseases of adulthood. Family screening for a disorder should be recommended if there is increased risk for the disorder among family members, if screening methods are available to detect the condition at an early age or preclinical stage, and if early intervention will alter the course of the disease. For many disorders screening and intervention can prevent the occurrence of clinical disease. The prenatal counseling session affords an ideal setting for identifying families at risk for diseases of adulthood with major genetic components. By reviewing the family history, key family members can be identified and investigated, in order to establish a specific genetic diagnosis. At-risk relatives can then be counseled and screened for the disorder preclinically and premorbidly. The screening and intervention available for a disease depends on the nature of the disorder, our understanding of its physiology and etiology, and our current technology. The disorders discussed earlier are typical of conditions of adulthood that are influenced strongly by genetic factors, especially when they appear in younger adults. Atherosclerosis, colon cancer, and diabetes are complex phenotypes. Each can be caused by single-gene defects, but commonly the genetics are more complex. Empiric data help to establish the risk to an individual in the latter cases. In all three examples, early detection should lead to treatment, which can prevent more serious sequelae: by treating the dyslipidemia, coronary artery disease can be prevented; by removing the benign polyp, malignant cancer can be avoided; and when impaired glucose tolerance is detected, diet and exercise can prevent or delay frank diabetes and its complications. The complete evaluation of individuals at risk for disorders such as those in Table 1 and their families can be a complicated task. Referral to a center experienced in the genetics of common diseases often may be necessary.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Endocrine pancreas development in growth-retarded human fetuses.; Glucose intolerance in adults born with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) may involve peripheral insulin resistance and/or abnormal endocrine pancreas development during fetal life. We quantified insulin-containing cells in deceased human fetuses with IUGR (<10th percentile, n = 21) or normal growth (control fetuses, n = 15). Paraffin-embedded pancreatic tissues from fetuses older than 32 weeks were obtained from two fetopathology departments. Mean gestational age was 36 weeks in both groups. Tissues with lysis and those fetuses with defects, aneuploidy, or genetic abnormalities were excluded. For each subject, six pancreatic sections spaced evenly throughout the organ were immunostained with anti-insulin antibody. Total tissue and insulin-positive areas were measured by computer-assisted quantitative morphometry. Results were expressed in percentages. To evaluate islet morphogenesis, the percentages of beta-cells inside and outside islets were determined. Islet density was similar in the two groups (P = 0.86). The percentage of pancreatic area occupied by beta-cells (beta-cell fraction) was not correlated with gestational age (r = 0.06 and P = 0.97 in IUGR fetuses; r = 0.12 and P = 0.67 in control fetuses) or body weight (r = 0.16 and P = 0.47 in IUGR fetuses; r = 0.24 and P = 0.39 in control fetuses). Mean beta-cell fraction was 2.53% in the IUGR fetuses and 2.86% in the control fetuses (P = 0.47). The percentage of beta-cells located within islets was identical in the two groups (mean 35%). Our data militate against a primary developmental pancreatic abnormality in human IUGR, leaving peripheral insulin resistance as the most likely mechanism of glucose intolerance in adults born with IUGR.
Observations on blood glucose and insulin determinations.; The relation of capillary to venous blood glucose concentration, whole blood to plasma values, and, where possible, the effect of pregnancy on the variables have been studied. We have not been able to show constant relations between capillary and venous blood glucose concentrations as have been implied by a W.H.O. expert committee on diabetes mellitus and the British Diabetic Association.The choice of anticoagulant was shown to have a negligible effect on the results of a single antibody-charcoal separation insulin assay method.
Psychological factors and coping strategies in pregnancies complicated by hypertension: A cluster-analytic approach.; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders are important causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and death. Considering the role of both physical and psychological factors in pregnancies complicated by hypertension, the aim of this study is to examine psychological factors and coping strategies in pregnancies complicated by hypertension. METHODS: Cross-sectional study. A sample of 552 pregnant women, 343 with pregnancies complicated by hypertension, were assessed in terms of depression, anxiety, stress and coping. RESULTS: The hypertensive group had higher scores of depression, stress and anxiety than the control one. Coping strategies were different between hypertensive and control groups (except for confrontive and self-reliant coping styles). When splitting up the hypertensive group into gestational hypertension, chronic hypertension and preeclampsia syndrome, differences between this new classification reached the statistical level. Our data suggests that women with preeclampsia have more symptoms of depression and worse coping strategies - they are less optimistic and more fatalistic. However, after a cluster analysis, two different subgroups of hypertensive women were found: one with worst coping strategies and more vulnerability to negative affective states and another with better coping and more resilient to mental health problems. LIMITATIONS: Data were cross-sectional. We excluded women with some comorbidities, such as a diagnosis of kidney disease, diabetes or fetal malformation. CONCLUSIONS: It is important to consider distinct profiles of pregnant women, in order to be able to better understand the peculiarities of mental health and coping during the gestation, especially in pregnancies complicated by hypertension.
Obstetrical outcomes and follow-up for patients with asymptomatic COVID-19 at delivery: a multicenter prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Universal testing for COVID-19 on admission to the labor and delivery unit identifies asymptomatic patients. Whether or not these patients are at increased risk for adverse outcomes and go on to develop clinically significant disease is uncertain. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess the prevalence of asymptomatic COVID-19 presentation among pregnant patients admitted for delivery and to determine whether these patients become symptomatic or require hospital readmission after discharge. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a multicenter, prospective cohort study of pregnant patients who delivered between 20(0/7) and 41(6/7) weeks' gestation and who were found to have COVID-19 based on universal screening on admission for delivery at 1 of 4 medical centers in New Jersey (exposed group). The unexposed group, comprising patients who tested negative for COVID-19, were identified at the primary study site. The primary outcomes were the rates of asymptomatic COVID-19 presentation, the development of symptoms among the asymptomatic positive patients, and hospital readmission rates in the 2 weeks following discharge. We compared the frequency of the distribution of risk factors and outcomes in relation to the COVID-19 status among patients with COVID-19 across all centers and among those without COVID-19 at the primary site. Associations between categorical risk factors and COVID-19 status were expressed as relative risks with 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Between April 10, 2020, and June 15, 2020, there were 218 patients with COVID-19 at the 4 sites and 413 patients without COVID-19 at the primary site. The majority (188 [83.2%]) of patients with COVID-19 were asymptomatic. Compared with the negative controls, these asymptomatic patients were not at increased risk for obstetrical complications that may increase the risk associated with COVID-19, including gestational diabetes (8.2% vs 11.4%; risk ratio, 0.72; 95% confidence interval, 0.24-2.01) and gestational hypertension (6.1% vs 7.0%; risk ratio, 0.88; 95% confidence interval, 0.29-2.67). Postpartum follow-ups via telephone surveys revealed that these patients remained asymptomatic and had low rates of family contacts acquiring the disease, but their adherence to social distancing guidelines waned during the 2-week postpartum period. Review of inpatient and emergency department records revealed low rates of hospital readmission. CONCLUSION: Most of the pregnant patients who screened positive for COVID-19 are asymptomatic and do not go on to develop clinically significant infection after delivery. Routine surveillance of these patients after hospital discharge appears to be sufficient.
Effect of Meconium-Stained Amniotic Fluid on Perinatal Complications in Low-Risk Pregnancies at Term.; OBJECTIVE: This study aims to determine the impact of meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) in low-risk pregnancies at term on pregnancy outcome. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of women with MSAF during labor who delivered in a tertiary hospital at 37 to 41(+6) weeks of gestation (2007-2013). Exclusion criteria included: multiple gestations, noncephalic presentation, fetal structural/chromosomal anomalies, hypertensive disorders, diabetes, oligohydramnios, or small for gestational age. Pregnancy outcome of women with MSAF (N = 4,893) was compared with a control group of women without MSAF (N = 39,651). Neonatal respiratory morbidity was defined as the presence of any of the following: respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of the newborn, meconium aspiration syndrome, or need for ventilatory support. RESULTS: Overall, 10.9% of low-risk pregnancies at term were diagnosed with MSAF. Compared with the controls, women with MSAF had higher rates of nulliparity, gestational age at delivery ≥ 41 weeks, induction of labor, nonreassuring fetal heart rate, and operative deliveries. In multivariate analysis MSAF was associated with operative delivery (odds ratio [OR], 1.82; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.63-2.09; p < 0.001), cesarean section (OR, 1.48; 95% CI, 1.31-1.69; p < 0.001), respiratory morbidity (OR, 4.74; 95% CI, 3.87-5.82; p < 0.001), and increased risk for short-term neonatal morbidity. CONCLUSIONS: MSAF is associated with a higher rate of adverse perinatal outcome even in low-risk pregnancies at term.
Maternal obesity caused by overnutrition exposure leads to reversal learning deficits and striatal disturbance in rats.; Maternal obesity caused by overnutrition during pregnancy increases susceptibility to metabolic risks in adulthood, such as obesity, insulin resistance, and type 2 diabetes; however, whether and how it affects the cognitive system associated with the brain remains elusive. Here, we report that pregnant obesity induced by exposure to excessive high fatty or highly palatable food specifically impaired reversal learning, a kind of adaptive behavior, while leaving serum metabolic metrics intact in the offspring of rats, suggesting a much earlier functional and structural defects possibly occurred in the central nervous system than in the metabolic system in the offspring born in unfavorable intrauterine nutritional environment. Mechanically, we found that above mentioned cognitive inflexibility might be associated with significant striatal disturbance including impaired dopamine homeostasis and disrupted leptin signaling in the adult offspring. These collective data add a novel perspective of understanding the adverse postnatal sequelae in central nervous system induced by developmental programming and the related molecular mechanism through which priming of risk for developmental disorders may occur during early life.
Long-term health risk of offspring born from assisted reproductive technologies.; Since the world's first in vitro fertilization baby was born in 1978, there have been more than 8 million children conceived through assisted reproductive technologies (ART) worldwide, and a significant proportion of them have reached puberty or young adulthood. Many studies have found that ART increases the risk of adverse perinatal outcomes, including preterm birth, low birth weight, small size for gestational age, perinatal mortality, and congenital anomalies. However, data regarding the long-term outcomes of ART offspring are limited. According to the developmental origins of health and disease theory, adverse environments during early life stages may induce adaptive changes and subsequently result in an increased risk of diseases in later life. Increasing evidence also suggests that ART offspring are predisposed to an increased risk of non-communicable diseases, such as malignancies, asthma, obesity, metabolic syndrome, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and neurodevelopmental and psychiatric disorders. In this review, we summarize the risks for long-term health in ART offspring, discuss the underlying mechanisms, including underlying parental infertility, epigenetic alterations, non-physiological hormone levels, and placental dysfunction, and propose potential strategies to optimize the management of ART and health care of parents and children to eliminate the associated risks. Further ongoing follow-up and research are warranted to determine the effects of ART on the long-term health of ART offspring in later life.
Recommendations and opinions for the use of point-of-care testing for hospitals and primary care: summary of a 1999 symposium.; As part of a symposium on laboratory medicine, a colloquium on point-of-care testing was held in June 1999 where four experts were invited to produce recommendations and opinions on the use of point-of-care testing under various clinical venues. Each commented on costs for providing POCT services. A total of eleven recommendations and four opinions were rendered and discussed in an open forum. While one expert concluded that some forms of POCT are less expensive than central laboratory testing if entire laboratory workstations are eliminated, another expert suggested that POCT offered little advantage if rapid transport systems are available. A recommendation was made that POCT be considered for analytes that have a required reporting turnaround time of <30 min, and that the goals for precision and accuracy should be dictated by the clinical need and not by analytical limitations. Recommendations for POCT in specific clinical situations include use of glycated hemoglobin and urine albumin testing with personal glucose monitoring at the time of consultation, use of glycated albumin for gestational diabetes, leukocyte esterase and nitrite testing in urine to screen for urinary tract infections, coagulation tests for monitoring patients on oral anticoagulant therapy and in the operating room, testing for H. pylori for patients with dyspepsia, and cardiac markers and urine drugs-of-abuse testing in the emergency department.
Deaths: leading causes for 2002.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2002 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 States and the District of Columbia in 2002. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. RESULTS: In 2002, the 10 leading causes of death were (in rank order) Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Alzheimer's disease; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Septicemia and accounted for about 79 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2002 were (in rank order) Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birthweight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Respiratory distress of newborn; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Intrauterine hypoxia and birth asphyxia. Important variation in the leading causes of infant death is noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Clinical experience with a low-dose contraceptive agent. European studies.; After widespread publicity about major adverse reactions to oral contraceptive agents, combinations were tested that contained lower doses of sex steroids than had been used before. Among them, the combination of levonorgestrel, 150 micrograms, and ethinyl estradiol, 30 micrograms, was studied intensively. European studies exclusive of the British Isles were conducted on 3,733 patients through approximately 36,000 cycles. There were nine pregnancies, for a Pearl index of 0.3. Cycle regulation was excellent, with normalization of menstrual flow. Amenorrhea was reported in 2.3% or less of cycles. No serious side effects were reported. The decrease in estrogen dosage, usually accompanied by a decrease in the progestational component, has resulted in a decrease in reported thromboembolic disease. Factors still important are diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity and cigarette smoking.
Preeclampsia and Long-term Risk of Maternal Retinal Disorders.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether preeclampsia is associated with risk of maternal retinal disease in the decades after pregnancy. METHODS: We carried out a longitudinal cohort study of 1,108,541 women who delivered neonates in any hospital in Quebec, Canada, between 1989 and 2013. We tracked women for later hospitalizations until March 31, 2014. Preeclampsia was measured at delivery categorized by severity (mild or severe) and onset (before or at 34 weeks or more of gestation). Main outcomes were hospitalizations and inpatient procedures for retinal detachment, retinopathy, or other retinal disorders. We used Cox regression models to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) comparing preeclampsia with no preeclampsia adjusting for diabetes and hypertension. RESULTS: Compared with no preeclampsia, women with preeclampsia had a higher incidence of hospitalization for retinal detachment (52.9 compared with 23.9/10,000), retinopathy (60.5 compared with 8.0/10,000), and other retinal disorders (13.3 compared with 7.3/10,000). Preeclampsia was most strongly associated with traction detachments (HR 2.39, 95% CI 1.52-3.74), retinal breaks (HR 2.48, 95% CI 1.40-4.41), and diabetic retinopathy (HR 4.13, 95% CI 3.39-5.04). Severe and early-onset preeclampsia was associated with even higher risk compared with mild or late-onset preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: Preeclampsia, particularly severe or early-onset preeclampsia, is associated with an increased risk of maternal retinal disease in the decades after pregnancy.
Association of Maternal Serum Ischemia Modified Albumin (IMA) with Placental Histopathological Changes and Fetomaternal Outcome: A Prospective Case Control Study in Normotensive and Pre-eclamptic Women.; INTRODUCTION: Ischemia and oxidative stress leads to generation of hydroxyl free radicals and modification of 'N-terminus' of human serum albumin. This modified albumin molecule, known as Ischemia Modified Albumin (IMA), is elevated in early stages of ischemia. It has recently been approved by US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) for its clinical use, as early marker of myocardial ischemia in cardiology. IMA is a novel marker of ischemia and is elevated in other clinical conditions associated with ischemia like pulmonary embolism, uncontrolled type II diabetes mellitus, acute decompensated heart failure, preeclampsia, recurrent pregnancy losses and IUGR. Role of IMA in birth asphyxia in perinatology is of current interest and needs further research. METHODOLOGY: A prospective case control study was conducted in a tertiary center in North India for one year. Total 80 pregnant women between 34 and 40 weeks were recruited and allocated in two groups. Case group comprised of 40 pre-eclamptic pregnant women and control group comprised of 40 normotensive pregnant women. Comparison and association of maternal serum IMA levels with fetomaternal outcome and number and types of placental histopathological changes was done in two groups. RESULTS: In preeclampsia group mean serum IMA (115.23 ± 49.51) was significantly higher as compared to the normotensive group (79.21 ± 14.35). The optimum cut off value of IMA to detect a case was 94.5 IU/ml (sensitivity 65%, specificity 87.5%, PPV 83.9%, NPV 71.4% and diagnostic accuracy of 76.3). Pre-eclamptic women, had significantly higher incidence of PTVD, lower fetal birth weight and placental histopathological changes as compared to normotensive group. 83.8% of the women with raised IMA levels were pre-eclamptic. Raised IMA levels were significantly associated with higher incidence of PTVD, birth weight ≤ 2 kg and hypoxic histopathological lesions of chorangiosis, intervillous fibrin and hyalinization. CONCLUSION: Determination of maternal serum IMA levels early in pregnancy can predict preeclampsia and avoid future severe preeclampsia related complications. It might be useful to optimize both maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes.
The scheduling of repeat cesarean section operations: prospective management protocol experience.; There are benefits to patients and a busy obstetric service if repeat cesarean section operations are performed on a scheduled basis. Optimum management avoids prematurity and reduces the need for amniocentesis. Over a period of 20 months repeat cesarean sections were performed at Tripler Army Medical Center while a protocol with the following elements was used: (1) known last menstrual period; (2) landmarks: positive urine human chorionic gonadotropin test by 6 weeks, Doppler fetal heart tone by 12 weeks, date determination by examination before 10 weeks, fetoscope fetal heart tone by 20 weeks, and date determination by size before 30 weeks; (3) date determination by midtrimester sonogram(s); (4) normal third-trimester glucose screening; (5) biparietal diameter of 9.2 or 9.5 cm before scheduling. With two or more clinical landmarks and one date by sonogram or one landmark and date by two sonograms, elective repeat cesarean section was scheduled at 39 weeks if the biparietal diameter was greater than or equal to 9.2 cm (127). If dates by sonogram were less than dates by last menstrual period but greater than 1 week or if last menstrual period was unknown, dates by sonogram and landmarks corresponding to dates by sonogram were used to electively schedule, with biparietal diameters of 9.2 or 9.5 cm respectively required (28). If protocol criteria were not met or earlier delivery was indicated (e.g., vertical scar or diabetes), amniocentesis was performed (42), except when not possible, advisable, or refused when patients either elected labor (20) or were scheduled if three or more criteria for 40+ weeks were met (18). Of 225 patients (70.5%) scheduled by protocol (173), amniocentesis (34), or medical indication (18), 188 (58.9%) were delivered without labor. In the 147 patients (46.1%) delivered electively by protocol without labor or amniocentesis, there were no cases of respiratory distress syndrome and the mean birth weight was 3517 gm. With early care and better patient compliance nearly all repeat cesarean sections can be safely delivered electively with the use of this protocol.
Disparities in Adherence to Screening Guidelines for Diabetic Retinopathy in the United States: A Comprehensive Review and Guide for Future Directions.; Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is the leading cause of new-onset blindness in American adults aged 20-74 years old. The number of diabetics living with diagnosed DR increased by 89%, from 4.06 million to 7.69 million, between 2000 and 2010. Projected numbers from the Vision Health Initiative by the CDC predict that the rate of DR will triple by 2050, from 5.5 million people living with DR to 16 million. Screening guidelines aim to detect cases early because the treatments for DR can reduce severe vision loss by up to 94%. However, adherence to these guidelines is quite low. It is estimated that more than half of patients with diabetes may fail to receive necessary screening. Risk factors for non-screening discussed in this study include low health literacy, lack of access to care, pregnancy, physician adherence to guidelines, unique factors present in different minority populations, gender and age disparities, and living in rural regions. This paper also aims to address potential interventions that may improve adherence rates.
The distribution of dietary choline intake and serum choline levels in Australian women during pregnancy and associated early life factors.; BACKGROUND: Maternal dietary choline has a central role in foetal brain development and may be associated with later cognitive function. However, many countries are reporting lower than recommended intake of choline during pregnancy. METHODS: Dietary choline was estimated using food frequency questionnaires in pregnant women participating in population-derived birth cohort, the Barwon Infant Study (BIS). Dietary choline is reported as the sum of all choline-containing moieties. Serum total choline-containing compounds (choline-c), phosphatidylcholine and sphingomyelin were measured using nuclear magnetic resonance metabolomics in the third trimester. The main form of analysis was multivariable linear regression. RESULTS: The mean daily dietary choline during pregnancy was 372 (standard deviation (SD) 104) mg/day. A total of 236 women (23%) had adequate choline intake (440 mg/day) based on the Australian and New Zealand guidelines, and 27 women (2.6%) took supplemental choline ([Formula: see text] 50 mg/dose) daily during pregnancy. The mean serum choline-c in pregnant women was 3.27 (SD 0.44) mmol/l. Ingested choline and serum choline-c were not correlated (R(2)) = - 0.005, p = 0.880. Maternal age, maternal weight gain in pregnancy, and a pregnancy with more than one infant were associated with higher serum choline-c, whereas gestational diabetes and environmental tobacco smoke during preconception and pregnancy were associated with lower serum choline-c. Nutrients or dietary patterns were not associated with variation in serum choline-c. CONCLUSION: In this cohort, approximately one-quarter of women met daily choline recommendations during pregnancy. Future studies are needed to understand the potential impact of low dietary choline intake during pregnancy on infant cognition and metabolic intermediaries.
Prenatal Growth Patterns and Birthweight Are Associated With Differential DNA Methylation and Gene Expression of Cardiometabolic Risk Genes in Human Placentas: A Discovery-Based Approach.; Inherent genetic programming and environmental factors affect fetal growth in utero. Epidemiologic data in growth-altered fetuses, either intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) or large for gestational age (LGA), demonstrate that these newborns are at increased risk of cardiometabolic disease in adulthood. There is growing evidence that the in utero environment leads to epigenetic modification, contributing to eventual risk of developing heart disease or diabetes. In this study, we used reduced representation bisulfite sequencing to examine genome-wide DNA methylation variation in placental samples from offspring born IUGR, LGA, and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and to identify differential methylation of genes important for conferring risk of cardiometabolic disease. We found that there were distinct methylation signatures for IUGR, LGA, and AGA groups and identified over 500 differentially methylated genes (DMGs) among these group comparisons. Functional and gene network analyses revealed expected relationships of DMGs to placental physiology and transport, but also identified novel pathways with biologic plausibility and potential clinical importance to cardiometabolic disease. Specific loci for DMGs of interest had methylation patterns that were strongly associated with anthropometric presentations. We further validated altered gene expression of these specific DMGs contributing to vascular and metabolic diseases (SLC36A1, PTPRN2, CASZ1, IL10), thereby establishing transcriptional effects toward assigning functional significance. Our results suggest that the gene expression and methylation state of the human placenta are related and sensitive to the intrauterine environment, as it affects fetal growth patterns. We speculate that these observed changes may affect risk for offspring in developing adult cardiometabolic disease.
Endogenous erythropoietin signaling regulates migration and laminar positioning of upper-layer neurons in the developing neocortex.; Erythropoietin (EPO), the hypoxia-inducible hematopoietic hormone, has well-established neuroprotective/neurotrophic roles in the developing central nervous system and the therapeutic potential of EPO has been widely explored in clinical studies for the treatment of perinatal hypoxic brain lesion, as well as prematurity. Here, we reveal that both EPO and Epo receptor (EPOR) are expressed in the developing rat somatosensory cortex during radial migration and laminar positioning of granular and supragranular neurons. Experimental deregulation of EPO signaling using genetic approaches results in aberrant migration, as well as permanent neuronal misplacement leading to abnormal network activity and protracted sensory behavioral deficits. We identify ERK as the downstream effector of the EPO signaling pathway for neuronal migration. These findings reveal a crucial role for endogenous EPO signaling in neuronal migration, and offer important insights for understanding how the temporary deregulation of EPO could result in migration defects that lead to abnormal behavior in the adult.
Influence of low birth weight on C-reactive protein in asymptomatic younger adults: the bogalusa heart study.; BACKGROUND: Both low birth weight, an indicator of intrauterine growth restriction, and low grade systemic inflammation depicted by high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) have emerged as independent predictors of cardiovascular (CV) disease and type 2 diabetes. However, information linking low birth weight and hs-CRP in a biracial (black/white) population is scant. We assessed a cohort of 776 black and white subjects (28% black, 43% male) aged 24-43 years (mean 36.1 years) enrolled in the Bogalusa Heart Study with regard to birth weight and gestational age data were retrieved from Louisiana State Public Health Office. FINDINGS: Black subjects had significantly lower birth weight than white subjects (3.145 kg vs 3.441 kg, p < 0.0001) and higher hs-CRP level (3.29 mg/L vs 2.57 mg/L, p = 0.011). After adjusting for sex, age, body mass index (BMI), smoking status and race (for total sample), the hs-CRP level decreased across quartiles of increasing birth weight in white subjects (p = 0.001) and the combined sample (p = 0.002). Adjusting for sex, age, BMI, smoking status and race for the total sample in a multivariate regression model, low birth weight was retained as an independent predictor variable for higher hs-CRP levels in white subjects (p = 0.004) and the total sample (p = 0.007). Conversely, the area under the receiver operative curve (c statistic) analysis adjusted for race, sex, age, smoking status and BMI yielded a value of 0.777 with regard to the discriminating value of hs-CRP for predicting low birth weight. CONCLUSIONS: The deleterious effect of low birth weight on systemic inflammation depicted by the hs-CRP levels in asymptomatic younger adults may potentially link fetal growth retardation, CV disease and diabetes, with important health implications.
Perinatal epidemiological risk factors for preeclampsia.; In the present study, the impact of the potential perinatal epidemiological factors on preeclampsia development was assessed. This clinical study included 55 pregnant women with preeclampsia and control group of 50 healthy pregnant women. Positive family history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus or thromboembolic disease was recorded in 50% of women with preeclampsia versus 28% of control group women. Positive personal history of this disease was recorded in 15% of women with preeclampsia, whereas all control group women had negative personal history of preeclampsia. Dietary habits, i.e. the intake of meat and meat products, fruit and vegetables, coffee and alcohol drinks were similar in the two groups, without statistically significant differences. The women with preeclampsia and control women reported comparable habits; there was no difference in the consumption of meat, fruit, vegetables, coffee and alcohol, smoking, use of folate and oral hormonal contraception before pregnancy, or in physical activity as the potential risk factors for preeclampsia in current pregnancy. However, personal and family history of vascular disease proved to be significant risk factors for the occurrence of preeclampsia, emphasizing the need of lifestyle and dietary modifications with healthy dietary habits, while avoiding adverse habits in pregnancy.
Periodontics: 9. Periodontitis and systemic conditions--is there a link?; The possibility that periodontal diseases have an effect on systemic health is being widely investigated. This paper reviews the potential links and the mechanism of these effects. CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Although the effects of periodontitis on systemic health do not yet have an effect on clinical decisions, knowledge and understanding of the link, effects and mechanism are important.
Maternal and fetal genetic contribution to gestational weight gain.; BACKGROUND: Clinical recommendations to limit gestational weight gain (GWG) imply high GWG is causally related to adverse outcomes in mother or offspring, but GWG is the sum of several inter-related complex phenotypes (maternal fat deposition and vascular expansion, placenta, amniotic fluid and fetal growth). Understanding the genetic contribution to GWG could help clarify the potential effect of its different components on maternal and offspring health. Here we explore the genetic contribution to total, early and late GWG. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: A genome-wide association study was used to identify maternal and fetal variants contributing to GWG in up to 10 543 mothers and 16 317 offspring of European origin, with replication in 10 660 mothers and 7561 offspring. Additional analyses determined the proportion of variability in GWG from maternal and fetal common genetic variants and the overlap of established genome-wide significant variants for phenotypes relevant to GWG (for example, maternal body mass index (BMI) and glucose, birth weight). RESULTS: Approximately 20% of the variability in GWG was tagged by common maternal genetic variants, and the fetal genome made a surprisingly minor contribution to explain variation in GWG. Variants near the pregnancy-specific beta-1 glycoprotein 5 (PSG5) gene reached genome-wide significance (P=1.71 × 10(-8)) for total GWG in the offspring genome, but did not replicate. Some established variants associated with increased BMI, fasting glucose and type 2 diabetes were associated with lower early, and higher later GWG. Maternal variants related to higher systolic blood pressure were related to lower late GWG. Established maternal and fetal birth weight variants were largely unrelated to GWG. CONCLUSIONS: We found a modest contribution of maternal common variants to GWG and some overlap of maternal BMI, glucose and type 2 diabetes variants with GWG. These findings suggest that associations between GWG and later offspring/maternal outcomes may be due to the relationship of maternal BMI and diabetes with GWG.
Clinical and public health implications of periodontal and systemic diseases: An overview.; Severe periodontitis is defined by extensive loss of the tooth attachment apparatus. It is the sixth most common human disease and is estimated to affect 11.2% of the global adult population, hence representing a significant healthcare, social, and economic burden. Since the 1990s, multiple epidemiologic, experimental, and interventional studies have evidenced how periodontitis may also impact systemic health and it has been independently associated with the majority of chronic noncommunicable diseases. The evidence supporting these associations, mainly focusing on diabetes, pregnancy complications, and cardiovascular disease, was thoroughly reviewed in 2012 by an international consensus workshop. In the last 5 years, however, important advances have been made, not only in our understanding of the etiopathogenesis of periodontitis, or concerning the mounting evidence regarding the independent associations between periodontitis, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, but also with many other systemic diseases including metabolic disease and obesity, rheumatoid arthritis, certain cancers, respiratory diseases, and cognitive disorders including Alzheimer's disease. This review describes these scientific advances by gathering together the existing evidence on the importance and relevance of the associations between periodontitis and many systemic diseases.
Diagnostic performance of the Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation at estimating glomerular filtration rate in adults with diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol.; INTRODUCTION: Timely detection leading to the implementation of reno-protective measures reduces the progression of diabetic kidney disease. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) is a major surrogate of kidney function. The Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) Equation is a tool to estimate GFR. This protocol outlines a systematic-review, assessing the diagnostic accuracy of the CKD-EPI equation in adults with diabetes. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and grey literature will be searched for publications in English, Farsi, Dutch and Chinese from 2009 (when CKD-EPI was first introduced) to January 2019. Bridging searches will be conducted to capture literature published from January 2019 until final review publication. The inclusion criteria will be (1) study participants with diabetes; (2) age ≥18 years; (3) creatinine-based CKD-EPI eGFR as index test; (4) measured GFR using the clearance/plasma disappearance of inulin, iohexol, iothalamate, diethylenetriamine-pentaacetic acid (DTPA) or chromium labelled ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid (Cr-EDTA) as reference test; (5) report of the diagnostic accuracy of the index test. Exclusion criteria will be participants with renal transplant, chronic use of corticosteroids, chronic inflammatory diseases, pregnancy, non-diabetes related kidney disease, thalassaemia, heart failure, pregnancy and potential kidney donors as well as critically ill patients. Screening, eligibility check, risk of bias assessment and data extraction will be carried out by two independent reviewers. Any discrepancies will be discussed, and third-party opinion will be sought. The risk of bias will be assessed using the Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies-2 tool. A quantitative synthesis of the aggregated-data will be used if the included studies are homogenous. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: No ethics approval is required. The outcome will be published in a peer-reviewed journal. The results will help researchers and clinicians evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of the creatinine-based CKD-EPI eGFR in adults with diabetes. PROSPERO REGISTRATION NUMBER: CRD42018108776.
Antepartum Fetal Surveillance: ACOG Practice Bulletin, Number 229.; The goal of antepartum fetal surveillance is to reduce the risk of stillbirth. Antepartum fetal surveillance techniques based on assessment of fetal heart rate (FHR) patterns have been in clinical use for almost four decades and are used along with real-time ultrasonography and umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry to evaluate fetal well-being. Antepartum fetal surveillance techniques are routinely used to assess the risk of fetal death in pregnancies complicated by preexisting maternal conditions (eg, diabetes mellitus) as well as those in which complications have developed (eg, fetal growth restriction). The purpose of this document is to provide a review of the current indications for and techniques of antepartum fetal surveillance and outline management guidelines for antepartum fetal surveillance that are consistent with the best scientific evidence.
Correction of hyperinsulinemia in oligoovulatory women with clomiphene-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome: a review of therapeutic rationale and reproductive outcomes.; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) describes a convergence of chronic multisystem endocrine derangements, including irregular menses, hirsutism, obesity, hyperlipidemia, androgenization, large and cystic-appearing ovaries, insulin resistance and subfertility. Few PCOS patients exhibit all of these features, and often only one sign or symptom is evident. The sequelae of PCOS reach beyond reproductive health, as women affected with PCOS have increased relative risks for myocardial infarction, hypertension, ischemic heart disease, thromboembolic disease and diabetes. Although the adverse health consequences associated with PCOS are substantial, unfortunately most women are not aware of these risks. Indeed, in infertility practice such concerns are secondary as most patients are referred for treatment specifically to achieve a pregnancy. Impairments in insulin metabolism appear central to the physiologic cascade of PCOS, yet clomiphene therapy fails to remedy this defect. Several investigators have described satisfactory reproductive outcomes for PCOS patients treated with oral insulin-lowering agents. In this report, we outline a diagnostic and therapeutic approach for women with PCOS refractory to clomiphene with attention to the underlying insulin imbalance associated with impaired fertility.
Association between arterial stiffness and wave reflection with subsequent development of placental-mediated diseases during pregnancy: findings of a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: We present a comprehensive systematic review of published literature to examine, whether arterial stiffness and wave reflection measurements during pregnancy differed between healthy patients and patients with placental-mediated diseases including preeclampsia (PET), small for gestational age (SGA), fetal death, and placental abruption, and a quantitative assessment of the findings using the meta-analysis approach. METHODS: We searched Medline, Embase, and The Cochrane Library for studies of arterial stiffness in pregnancy, analyzed pregnancy outcomes and conducted the meta-analysis of data evaluated by trimesters of pregnancy. Hemodynamic parameters evaluated included: pulse wave velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AIx), and augmentation index-75 (AIx-75). RESULTS: We screened 2806 citations, reviewed 36 studies and included nine (n = 15 923) studies for further quantitative assessment. Compared with healthy pregnancy, measures of arterial stiffness and wave reflection were consistently increased among pregnant women who subsequently developed PET during all trimesters. In the first trimester, mean AIx-75 (%) in the PET group was significantly higher with estimated standardized mean difference (SMD) of 0.90 [95% confidence intervals (95% CI) 0.07-1.73; P = 0.034]. In the second trimester, the PET group had significantly higher PWV (m/s) with estimated SMD of 1.26 (95% CI 0.22-2.30; P = 0.018). Concerning the SGA group, mean AIx (%) was greater during the second trimester only: 65.5 (SD 15.6) vs. 57.0 (11.2), P < 0.01. CONCLUSION: There is significant increase in arterial stiffness and wave reflection parameters among pregnant women who subsequently developed PET and SGA fetuses. Larger studies with consistent methodological designs are required to evaluate the role and usefulness of arterial stiffness and wave reflection measurements as a screening tool for placental-mediated diseases during pregnancy.
Guideline for using growth hormone in paediatric patients in South Africa: treatment of growth hormone deficiency and other growth disorders.; The Paediatric and Adolescent Endocrine and Diabetes Society of South Africa (PAEDS-SA) recommends, in line with other international groups, that growth hormone (GH) therapy be considered for children and adolescents with significantly short stature and poor growth velocity in the following instances: GH deficiency; Turner syndrome; Prader-Willi syndrome; small-for-gestational-age children with failure of catch-up growth; idiopathic short stature; and chronic renal insufficiency. We have produced treatment guidelines for the use of GH, designed to allow flexibility to determine coverage on a case-by-case basis. We further recommend that when used for growth promotion, GH therapy should be initiated and monitored by, or in consultation with, a paediatric endocrinologist.
Risk estimation for multifactorial diseases. A report of the International Commission on Radiological Protection.; This report reviews data on naturally-occurring multifactorial diseases and develops a mathematical model to predict the impact of radiation-induced mutations on the frequencies of these diseases in the population. It provides an outline of the aetiological features and examples of multifactorial diseases, interpreted to arise as a result of the joint action of genetic and environmental factors. Examples include common congenital abnormalities (such as neural tube defects, cardiovascular malformations, cleft lip+/-palate etc.) and chronic diseases (such as coronary heart disease, essential hypertension, diabetes mellitus etc.). These diseases are not readily explained on the basis of simple mendelian patterns of inheritance. The report considers the concepts and models used to explain the inheritance patterns of multifactorial diseases with particular emphasis on the multifactorial threshold model (MTM) of disease liability. The MTM is useful for predicting risk to relatives of those affected from information on their population frequencies. In these predictions, the heritability (h(2)) provides a measure of the relative importance of transmissible genetic effects in the overall phenotypic variation. Conceptual differences between mendelian and multifactorial diseases are discussed. The genetic basis of a multifactorial disease is that a genetically susceptible individual may or may not develop the disease depending on the interaction of a number of risk factors, both genetic and environmental. Three chronic multifactorial disease entities are reviewed in depth, viz. diabetes mellitus, essential hypertension, and coronary heart disease. The report considers briefly mechanistic population genetic models developed to explain polygenic variation. The basic conclusion is that the concepts of liability and threshold (underlying the MTM model) and that of mutation-selection balance (from population genetic models) together provide a basis for developing a model for assessing the impact of radiation-induced mutations on the frequencies of multifactorial diseases in the population.The mutation component (MC) of genetic diseases quantifies the responsiveness of the genetic component of a disease to an increase in mutation rate (e.g. after radiation exposure). This report integrates the concepts of liability and threshold (from the MTM model) and of mutation-selection equilibrium (from mechanistic population genetic models) into the 'Finite Locus Threshold Model' (FLTM) for estimating MC for multifactorial diseases and the relationship between MC and h(2) of these diseases. Computer simulation studies illustrate the effects of one-time or a permanent increase in mutation rate on MC for multifactorial diseases.Finally, the report addresses the estimation of the radiation risk of multifactorial diseases. A formal revision of the estimates of risk of multifactorial diseases (and also of mendelian diseases) contained in the 1990 Recommendations of ICRP, Publication 60, must await the results of studies currently underway. While future genetic risk estimates are likely to be lower than those in current use, until the new ones become available, those provided in Publication 60 may be regarded as being adequate for use in radiological protection- they are unlikely to underestimate risk.
[Cerebral palsy: prenatal risk factors].; Prenatal risk factors causing cerebral palsy (CP), here defined as a non-progressive motor abnormality of tone or posture, are much more numerous than once believed, when a great deal of brain injury was attributed to factors surrounding delivery. Scientific advances in genetics and biochemistry, as well as clinical technical advances in, for example, amniotic fluid examination or fetal neuroimaging, has permitted us to find a multiplicity of new etiologies causing neonatal encephalopathy, most of which were formerly attributed to perinatal hypoxia-ischemia. This article reviews an expanded list of etiologies, including asphyxia, which has been found to cause only 6-10% of CP in full term infants, and periventricular leukomalacia, which is associated with 30-50% of CP in premature births. We also review a few of the genetic causes of CP, which lead to metabolic encephalopathies in come cases, to congenital anomalies in others, and sometimes to both. We discuss maternal gestational or intrapartum infections which may affect the fetus by direct in utero contagion or by other less direct means. Inborn metabolic errors affecting the fetus, such as diabetes, are touched on, as are the effects of maternal medications or recreational drugs on the fetus. Finally, we briefly cite the curious phenomenon occurring in multiple births, namely the potential of CP in the surviving infant or infants were the others have died in utero.
Factors Associated with Controlled Glycemic Levels in Type 2 Diabetes Patients: Study from a Large Medical Center and Its Satellite Clinics in Southeast Region in the USA.; Diabetes, including type 1, type 2, and gestational, is a significant public health issue responsible for various clinical, economic, and societal issues. Most of the consequences, if uncontrolled, can result in serious health problems, such as heart disease, vision loss, and kidney disease. Approximately 37.3 million Americans have diabetes, including 37.1 million adults 18 years or older, with 90-95% type 2 diabetes (T2D). The purpose of this study is (1) to explore the profile of patients with T2D and (2) to identify the associated factors of diabetic status. Examined factors included sociodemographic characteristics, social factors, and comorbidities. The study analyzed a primary dataset from a retrospective chart review of adult patients with T2D who were seen at a large medical center and its satellite clinics in the southeast region of the United States in 2019. Sex, dyslipidemia, and the number of concordant comorbidities were found to be significant associated factors of diabetic status. In the era of intertwined patient-centered approach and public health, the study's findings can guide treatment plans and interventions targeting individuals and communities.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension is associated with maternal history and a risk of cardiovascular disease in later life: Japanese cross-sectional study.; OBJECTIVE: To clarify the associations between pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) with heritability of PIH from mother to daughter and the risk of cardiovascular disease in later life in Japanese women. STUDY DESIGN: The Japan Nurses' Health Study (JNHS) is a cohort study of Japanese women's health. Data from the JNHS baseline survey between 2001 and 2007 were used to conduct a cross-sectional analysis. Of the 49,927 respondents in the baseline survey, 10,456 parous women who were ≥45 years old at baseline were included in the analysis. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The age-adjusted odds ratio (OR) of PIH in women whose mother had a history of PIH, and the age-adjusted OR of PIH in participants for hypertension, hypercholesterolemia and diabetes mellitus (DM). RESULTS: The age-adjusted OR of PIH was 2.72 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.14-3.46) in women whose mother had a history of PIH compared with those whose mother did not have PIH. PIH was a risk factor for hypertension (age adjusted OR: 2.85, 95% CI: 2.45-3.11), hypercholesterolemia (age-adjusted OR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.29-1.72) and DM (age-adjusted OR: 1.53, 95% CI: 1.11-2.11), as determined by logistic regression analysis. CONCLUSIONS: In Japanese women, the risk of PIH is approximately 2.7-fold greater in those whose mothers also had PIH compared with those whose mothers did not. PIH is a risk factor for hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes mellitus in later life.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring.; BACKGROUND & AIMS: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. METHODS: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. RESULTS: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. CONCLUSIONS: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. LAY SUMMARY: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring.
Polymorphism in the IGF-I gene: clinical relevance for short children born small for gestational age (SGA).; Low birth weight is associated with an increased risk in adult life of type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The fetal insulin hypothesis postulates that genes involving insulin resistance could effect birth weight and disease in later life (Hattersley, 1999). Besides insulin, there is extensive evidence that insulin-like growth factor-I and -II (IGF-I, IGF-II) play an important role in fetal growth. We hypothesized that minor genetic variation in the IGF-I gene could influence pre- and postnatal growth. Three microsatellite markers located in the IGF-I gene in 124 short children (height < -1.88 SDS) who were born small for gestational age (SGA) and their parents were studied. SGA was defined as both a birth weight and birth length below -1.88 SDS for gestational age. Two polymorphic markers showed transmission disequilibrium. Allele 191 of the IGF1.PCR1 marker was transmitted more frequently from parent to child (chi(2) = 4.8 and p = 0.02) and allele 198 of the 737/738 marker was transmitted less frequently from parent to child (chi(2)= 4.5 and p = 0.03). Children carrying the 191-allele had significantly lower IGF-1 levels than children not carrying this allele (-1.1 SDS vs. -0.05 SDS; p = 0.03). Also, head circumference SDS remained smaller in children with allele 191 compared to children without allele 191 (-2.1 SDS vs. -0.9 SDS; p = 0.003). Our results show that genetically determined low IGF-I levels may lead to a reduction in birth weight, length and head circumference and to persistent short stature and small head circumference in later life (proportionate small). Since low IGF-I levels are associated with type 2 diabetes and CVD, we propose that the IGF-I gene may provide a link between low birth weight and such diseases in later life.
The relationship between periodontitis and systemic diseases - hype or hope?; Investigations have definitely acknowledged a clinically relevant two-way relationship between periodontitis and certain systemic diseases and conditions, which are significant for the dentist in the daily practice and for a physician as well. This review article yields the most up-to-date information on the role of periodontal diseases in systemic diseases, that include cardiovascular diseases and atherosclerosis, diabetes mellitus, respiratory diseases and unfavourable pregnancy outcomes. It debates the role of diabetes and smoking in the periodontal tissues.
Fetal and maternal factors associated with neonatal adiposity as measured by air displacement plethysmography: a large cross-sectional study.; BACKGROUND: There is evidence that the fetal and early postnatal environments play a role in determining the risk of lifetime obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Neonatal body composition, as a surrogate marker of the in-utero environment, can be reliably and accurately measured by air displacement plethysmography (ADP). Our primary objective was to identify preconception, fetal and maternal factors affecting neonatal body composition. METHODS: This cross-sectional study included 599 term babies born between September and October 2010 at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, Australia. Neonatal body fat percentage (BF%) was measured within 48 h of birth using ADP. Maternal demographic, anthropometric and medical data as well as neonatal gestational age and sex were used to develop a regression model that predicted body composition and birthweight. RESULTS: The mean (SD) neonatal BF% in our whole population was 9.2(4.4)%. Significant variables in the model for neonatal BF% were neonatal sex, gestational age, maternal ethnicity, gestational weight gain (GWG), pre-pregnancy BMI, parity and maternal hypertension (p<0.05); together, these explained 19% of the variation in BF%. GDM status was not a significant variable. Neonatal female sex, maternal Caucasian ethnicity and increased gestational weight gain explained the most variation and were most strongly associated with increased BF%. CONCLUSIONS: This study highlights maternal obesity and increased gestational weight gain as two factors that are amenable to intervention as risk factors for newborn adiposity, which is important in the future study of the "developmental origins of health and disease" hypothesis.
Brain death in pregnancy: a systematic review focusing on perinatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: Brain death (BD) during pregnancy might justify in select cases maternal somatic support to obtain fetal viability and maximize perinatal outcome. This study is a systematic review of the literature on cases of brain death in pregnancy with attempt to prolong pregnancy to assess perinatal outcomes. DATA SOURCES: We performed a systematic review of the literature using Ovid MEDLINE, Scopus, PubMed (including Cochrane database), and CINHAIL from inception to April 2020. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Relevant articles describing any case report of maternal brain death were identified from the aforementioned databases without any time, language, or study limitations. Studies were deemed eligible for inclusion if they described at least 1 case of maternal brain death. METHODS: Only cases of brain death in pregnancy with maternal somatic support aimed at maximizing perinatal outcome were included. Maternal management strategy, diagnosis, clinical course, fetal monitoring, delivery, and fetal and neonatal outcome data were collected. Mean, range, standard deviation, and percentage calculations were used as applicable. RESULTS: After exclusion, 35 cases of brain death in pregnancy were analyzed. The mean gestational age at diagnosis of brain death was at 20.2±5.3 weeks, and most cases (68%) were associated with maternal intracranial hemorrhage, subarachnoid hemorrhage, and hematoma. The most common maternal complications during the study were infections (69%) (eg, pneumonia, urinary tract infection, sepsis), circulatory instability (63%), diabetes insipidus (56%), thermal variability (41%), and panhypopituitarism (34%). The most common indications for delivery were maternal cardiocirculatory instability (38%) and nonreassuring fetal testing (35%). The mean gestational age at delivery was 27.2±4.7 weeks and differed depending on the gestational age at diagnosis of brain death. Most deliveries (89%) were via cesarean delivery. There were 8 cases (23%) of intrauterine fetal demise in the second trimester of pregnancy (14-25 weeks), and 27 neonates (77%) were born alive. Of the 35 cases of brain in pregnancy, 8 neonates (23%) were described as "healthy" at birth, 15 neonates (43%) had normal longer-term follow-up (>1 month to 8 years; mean, 20.3 months), 2 neonates (6%) had neurologic sequelae (born at 23 and 24 weeks of gestation), and 2 neonates (6%) died (born at 25 and 27 weeks of gestation). Mean birth weight was 1,229 grams, and small for gestational age was present in 17% of neonates. The rate of live birth differed by gestational age at diagnosis of brain death: 50% at <14 weeks, 54.5% at 14 to 19 6/7 weeks, 91.7% at 20 to 23 6/7 weeks, 100% at 24 to 27 6/7 weeks, and 100% at 28 to 31 6/7 weeks. CONCLUSION: In 35 cases of brain death in pregnancy at a mean gestation age of 20 weeks, maternal somatic support aimed at maximizing perinatal outcome lasted for about 7 weeks, with 77% of neonates being born alive and 85% of these infants having a normal outcome at 20 months of life. The data of this study will be helpful in counseling families and practitioners faced with such rare and complex cases.
Ideal Cardiovascular Health and Vascular Phenotype Associations in Mothers with Obesity and Their Six-Year-Old Children.; BACKGROUND: Heredity and family-shared lifestyle contribute to cardiovascular risk, but the magnitude of their influence on arterial structure and function in early childhood is unknown. We aimed to assess associations between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health, maternal subclinical atherosclerosis, and child arterial phenotype. METHODS: Cross-sectional analysis of 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) longitudinal cohort was done at child age 6.1 ± 0.5 years with assessments of ideal cardiovascular health (BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, total cholesterol, diet quality, physical activity, smoking), body composition, very-high frequency ultrasound of carotid arteries (25 and 35 MHz), and pulse wave velocity. RESULTS: We found no association between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health but report evidence of particular metrics correlations: total cholesterol (r=0.24, P=0.003), BMI (r=0.17, P=0.02), diastolic blood pressure (r=0.15, P=0.03), and diet quality (r=0.22, P=0.002). Child arterial phenotype was not associated with child or maternal ideal cardiovascular health. In the multivariable regression explanatory model adjusted for child sex, age, systolic blood pressure, lean body mass, and body fat percentage, child carotid intima-media thickness was independently associated only with maternal carotid intima-media thickness (0.1 mm increase [95% CI 0.05, 0.21, P=0.001] for each 1 mm increase in maternal carotid intima-media thickness). Children of mothers with subclinical atherosclerosis had decreased carotid artery distensibility (1.1 ± 0.2 vs 1.2 ± 0.2%/10 mmHg, P=0.01) and trend toward increased carotid intima-media thickness (0.37 ± 0.04 vs 0.35 ± 0.04 mm, P=0.06). CONCLUSION: Ideal Cardiovascular Health metrics are heterogeneously associated in mother-child pairs in early childhood. We found no evidence of child or maternal Ideal Cardiovascular Health effect on child arterial phenotype. Maternal carotid intima-media thickness predicts child carotid intima-media thickness, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Maternal subclinical atherosclerosis is associated with local carotid arterial stiffness in early childhood.
Routine first-trimester pre-eclampsia screening and risk of preterm birth.; OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth (PTB) is a major public health problem worldwide. It can occur spontaneously or be medically indicated for obstetric complications, such as pre-eclampsia (PE) or fetal growth restriction. The main objective of this study was to investigate whether there is a shared uteroplacental etiology in the first trimester of pregnancy across PTB subtypes. METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of singleton pregnancies that underwent screening for preterm PE as part of their routine first-trimester ultrasound assessment at a tertiary center in London, UK, between March 2018 and December 2020. Screening for preterm PE was performed using the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm, which includes maternal factors, mean arterial pressure (MAP), uterine artery pulsatility index (UtA-PI) and pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A). Women with a risk of ≥ 1 in 50 for preterm PE were classified as high risk and offered prophylactic aspirin (150 mg once a day) and serial ultrasound assessments. The following delivery outcomes were evaluated: PTB < 37 weeks, iatrogenic PTB (iPTB) and spontaneous PTB (sPTB). Logistic regression analyses were performed to assess the association of PTB, iPTB and sPTB with an increased risk of preterm PE. A model for prediction of PTB < 37 weeks and < 33 weeks was developed and its performance was compared with that of an existing model in the literature. RESULTS: A total of 11 437 women were included in the study, of whom 475 (4.2%) had PTB. Of these, 308 (64.8%) were sPTB and 167 (35.2%) were iPTB. Patients with PTB had a higher body mass index, were more likely to be of black or Asian ethnicity, be smokers, have pregestational hypertension or diabetes, or have a history of previous PTB. They also had higher MAP (87.7 vs 86.0 mmHg, P < 0.0001), higher UtA-PI multiples of the median (MoM) (0.99 vs 0.92, P < 0.0001) and lower PAPP-A MoM (0.89 vs 1.08, P < 0.0001) compared to women with a term birth. In women at high risk of PE, the odds ratio for iPTB was 6.0 (95% CI, 4.29-8.43; P < 0.0001) and that for sPTB was 2.0 (95% CI, 1.46-2.86; P < 0.0001). A prediction model for PTB < 37 weeks and < 33 weeks, developed based on this cohort, included previous PTB, black ethnicity, chronic hypertension, diabetes mellitus, PAPP-A MoM and UtA-PI MoM. The performance of the model was similar to that of an existing first-trimester prediction model for PTB < 33 weeks (area under the curve, 0.704 (95% CI, 0.653-0.754) vs 0.694 (95% CI, 0.643-0.746)). CONCLUSIONS: Increased first-trimester risk for uteroplacental dysfunction was associated with both iPTB and sPTB, implying a shared etiological pathway. The same factors used to predict PE risk show acceptable discrimination to predict PTB at < 33 weeks. Women at high risk of uteroplacental dysfunction may warrant additional monitoring and management for an increased risk of sPTB. © 2022 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Reversible dilated cardiomyopathy associated with post-partum thyrotoxic storm.; The following case of a young mother presenting with post-partum pulmonary oedema, highlights a singular and life-threatening complication of a common condition (thyrotoxicosis). While thyrotoxic heart disease is well described, thyrotoxic storm in the post-partum period associated with dilated cardiomyopathy, congestive cardiac failure and ventricular fibrillation is exceptional.
Anesthetic Management of Mitochondrial Encephalopathy With Lactic Acidosis and Stroke-Like Episodes (MELAS Syndrome) in a High-Risk Pregnancy: A Case Report.; MELAS syndrome (mitochondrial encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like symptoms) is a rare and complex mitochondrial disorder. We present the in-hospital course of a 36-year-old gravida 2, para 0 with MELAS syndrome and severe preeclampsia, complicated by hyponatremia, hyperkalemia, and diabetes. A retained placenta with postpartum hemorrhage required urgent instrumental delivery under spinal anesthesia, transfusion, and intensive care unit admission for pulmonary edema, effusions, and atelectasis. Postpartum endometritis and sepsis also were encountered. This is to our knowledge the first case report of obstetric complications in MELAS syndrome and highlights the salient metabolic sequelae of this syndrome.
Causes of stillbirths among women from South Africa: a prospective, observational study.; BACKGROUND: About 2·6 million third-trimester stillbirths occur annually worldwide, mostly in low-income and middle-income countries, where the causes of these deaths are rarely investigated. METHODS: We did a prospective, hospital-based, observational study in Soweto, South Africa, to investigate the causes of stillbirths in fetuses of at least 22 weeks' gestational age or with a birthweight of at least 500 g. Maternal clinical information was abstracted from medical records. Investigations included placental macroscopic and histopathological examination and fetal blood culture (including screening for pathogenic bacteria associated with stillbirth). Cases missing one or more of these investigations were considered to have incomplete samples and were excluded from the analysis of cause of stillbirth. Causes of stillbirths were assessed by individual case reviews by at least two obstetricians, and classified with a modified Stillbirth Collaborative Research Network classification system. FINDINGS: Between Oct 9, 2014, and Nov 8, 2015, we enrolled 354 stillbirths (born to 350 women). Among the women with available data, 133 (38%) of 350 had hypertension, median age was 27 years (IQR 23-33), 51 (18%) of 291 were obese, six (2%) of 344 had syphilis, and 94 (27%) of 350 had HIV. 63 (18%) of 341 fetuses showed intrauterine growth restriction. Of 298 cases (born to 294 mothers) with complete samples, the most common causes of stillbirth were maternal medical conditions (64 [21%] cases; among them 56 [19%] with hypertensive disorders and six [2%] with diabetes), placental or fetal infections (58 [19%]; 47 [16%] with fetal invasive bacterial infection), pathological placental conditions (57 [19%]; among them 27 [9%] with fetal membrane and placental inflammation and 26 [9%] with circulatory abnormalities), and clinical obstetric complications (54 [18%]; 45 [15%] with placental abruption). Six (2%) stillbirths were attributed to fetal, genetic, or structural abnormalities. In 55 (18%) cases, no cause of death was identified. The most common bacteria to which stillbirths due to fetal invasive infections were attributed were group B streptococcus (15 [5%] cases), E coli (12 [4%]), E faecalis (six [2%]), and S aureus (five [2%]). INTERPRETATION: Targeted investigation of stillbirths (even without fetal autopsy) can ascertain a cause of stillbirth in most cases. Further studies using such investigations are needed to inform the prioritisation of interventions to reduce stillbirths globally. FUNDING: Novartis and GlaxoSmithKline.
Association of maternal thyroid function with birthweight: a systematic review and individual-participant data meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: Adequate transplacental passage of maternal thyroid hormone is important for normal fetal growth and development. Maternal overt hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism are associated with low birthweight, but important knowledge gaps remain regarding the effect of subclinical thyroid function test abnormalities on birthweight-both in general and during the late second and third trimester of pregnancy. The aim of this study was to examine associations of maternal thyroid function with birthweight. METHODS: In this systematic review and individual-participant data meta-analysis, we searched MEDLINE (Ovid), Embase, Web of Science, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Google Scholar from inception to Oct 15, 2019, for prospective cohort studies with data on maternal thyroid function during pregnancy and birthweight, and we issued open invitations to identify study authors to join the Consortium on Thyroid and Pregnancy. We excluded participants with multiple pregnancies, in-vitro fertilisation, pre-existing thyroid disease or thyroid medication usage, miscarriages, and stillbirths. The main outcomes assessed were small for gestational age (SGA) neonates, large for gestational age neonates, and newborn birthweight. We analysed individual-participant data using mixed-effects regression models adjusting for maternal age, BMI, ethnicity, smoking, parity, gestational age at blood sampling, fetal sex, and gestational age at birth. The study protocol was pre-registered at the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews, CRD42016043496. FINDINGS: We identified 2526 published reports, from which 36 cohorts met the inclusion criteria. The study authors for 15 of these cohorts agreed to participate, and five more unpublished datasets were added, giving a study population of 48 145 mother-child pairs after exclusions, of whom 1275 (3·1%) had subclinical hypothyroidism (increased thyroid stimulating hormone [TSH] with normal free thyroxine [FT(4)]) and 929 (2·2%) had isolated hypothyroxinaemia (decreased FT(4) with normal TSH). Maternal subclinical hypothyroidism was associated with a higher risk of SGA than was euthyroidism (11·8% vs 10·0%; adjusted risk difference 2·43%, 95% CI 0·43 to 4·81; odds ratio [OR] 1·24, 1·04 to 1·48; p=0·015) and lower mean birthweight (mean difference -38 g, -61 to -15; p=0·0015), with a higher effect estimate for measurement in the third trimester than in the first or second. Isolated hypothyroxinaemia was associated with a lower risk of SGA than was euthyroidism (7·3% vs 10·0%, adjusted risk difference -2·91, -4·49 to -0·88; OR 0·70, 0·55 to 0·91; p=0·0073) and higher mean birthweight (mean difference 45 g, 18 to 73; p=0·0012). Each 1 SD increase in maternal TSH concentration was associated with a 6 g lower birthweight (-10 to -2; p=0·0030), with higher effect estimates in women who were thyroid peroxidase antibody positive than for women who were negative (p(interaction)=0·10). Each 1 SD increase in FT(4) concentration was associated with a 21 g lower birthweight (-25 to -17; p<0·0001), with a higher effect estimate for measurement in the third trimester than the first or second. INTERPRETATION: Maternal subclinical hypothyroidism in pregnancy is associated with a higher risk of SGA and lower birthweight, whereas isolated hypothyroxinaemia is associated with lower risk of SGA and higher birthweight. There was an inverse, dose-response association of maternal TSH and FT(4) (even within the normal range) with birthweight. These results advance our understanding of the complex relationships between maternal thyroid function and fetal outcomes, and they should prompt careful consideration of potential risks and benefits of levothyroxine therapy during pregnancy. FUNDING: Netherlands Organization for Scientific Research (grant 401.16.020).
Upregulation of Irisin and Vitamin D-Binding Protein Concentrations by Increasing Maternal 25-Hydrovitamin D Concentrations in Combination with Specific Genotypes of Vitamin D-Binding Protein Polymorphisms.; Dyshomeostasis of vitamin D-binding protein (VDBP) has been implicated in the pathogenesis of various pregnancy complications, including preeclampsia, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, and adverse metabolic profiles in the offspring. VDBP polymorphisms have been consistently reported to contribute to this intriguing interplay. Until recently, the effects of VDBP polymorphism heterogeneity on maternal and neonatal adipomyokine profiles have not been investigated, specifically after incorporating the different maternal and neonatal 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration cut-offs at birth. We aimed to investigate the potential effects of maternal and neonatal VDBP polymorphisms on adiponectin, irisin, and VDBP concentrations at birth, according to different cut-offs of vitamin D status, in maternal-neonatal dyads recruited from the sunny region of Northern Greece. We obtained blood samples from 66 mother-child pairs at birth. Results indicated that (i) Neonatal serum biomarkers were not affected by any included neonatal VDBP polymorphism according to different cut-offs of neonatal vitamin D status at birth, (ii) neonatal VDBP concentration was elevated in neonates with maternal rs7041 GG genotype, (iii) maternal 25(OH)D at ≤75 nmol/L resulted in increased concentrations of maternal VBDP and irisin concentrations in women with CC genotype for rs2298850 and rs4588,whereas this effect was also evident for this cut-off for neonatal VDBP concentrations at birth for GC genotype for rs 7041, and (iv) no significant effect of neonatal VDBP polymorphisms was observed on neonatal VDBP, adiponectin, or irisin levels when stratified according to maternal 25(OH)D cut-offs. In conclusion, these findings confirm that among women with the combination of CC genotype for rs2298850 and rs4588, a specific high cut-off of maternal 25(OH)D results in increasing maternal VBDP concentrations, hence providing a mechanistic rationale for aiming for specific cut-offs of vitamin D after supplementation during pregnancy, in daily clinical practice.
The association between sleep-disordered breathing and maternal endothelial and metabolic markers in pregnancies complicated by obesity.; STUDY OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the impact of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) on vascular, angiogenic and metabolic analytes in pregnancy. METHODS: Participants with a body mass index ≥30 kg/m(2) underwent polysomnography at 14-20 weeks gestation (visit 1). Participants with SDB (defined as an apnea-hypopnea index ≥5 events/h) were then enrolled in a separate trial. SDB-negative participants returned for a polysomnogram at 28-31 weeks (visit 2) and were recategorized as persistent-negative SDB or new-onset SDB. Mean arterial blood pressure, mean uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index, endoglin, soluble Feline McDonough Sarcoma-like tyrosine kinase 1, placental growth factor, and the homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance were measured after each visit. Our primary outcome was a composite of uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index, soluble FMS-like tyrosine kinase 1/placental growth factor ratio, and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance. For secondary analyses, each outcome variable was analyzed independently. RESULTS: A total of 242 and 130 participants completed visit 1 and visit 2, respectively. Newly diagnosed SDB was present in 37% of individuals at visit 1 and 31% of individuals at visit 2. No significant differences in our composite outcome vector were observed in individuals with and without SDB at either visit. In our secondary analysis, mean arterial blood pressure (88.7 ± 7.3 mm Hg vs 85.4 ± 7.1 mm Hg, P = .04) and fasting glucose (92.4 ± 15.2 mg/dL vs 86.6 ± 11.5 mg/dL, P = .05) were higher in participants with early pregnancy SDB. These associations were not observed for new-onset SDB. No associations were observed between uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index and angiogenic markers and SDB in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: SDB in early pregnancy was not associated with our composite primary outcome but was associated with higher mean arterial blood pressure and fasting glucose. The pathophysiologic changes that occur in pregnant individuals with SDB and how they lead to an increased risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes remain poorly understood. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: Registry: ClinicalTrials.gov; Name: Sleep Disordered Breathing, Obesity and Pregnancy Study (SOAP); URL: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02086448; Identifier: NCT02086448. CITATION: Onslow ML, Wolsk J, Wisniewski S, et al. The association between sleep-disordered breathing and maternal endothelial and metabolic markers in pregnancies complicated by obesity. J Clin Sleep Med. 2023;19(1):97-109.
Severe malnutrition or famine exposure in childhood and cardiometabolic non-communicable disease later in life: a systematic review.; INTRODUCTION: Child malnutrition (undernutrition) and adult non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are major global public health problems. While convincing evidence links prenatal malnutrition with increased risk of NCDs, less is known about the long-term sequelae of malnutrition in childhood. We therefore examined evidence of associations between postnatal malnutrition, encompassing documented severe childhood malnutrition in low/middle-income countries (LMICs) or famine exposure, and later-life cardiometabolic NCDs. METHODS: Our peer-reviewed search strategy focused on 'severe childhood malnutrition', 'LMICs', 'famine', and 'cardiometabolic NCDs' to identify studies in Medline, Embase, Global Health, and the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL) databases. We synthesised results narratively and assessed study quality with the UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellence checklist. RESULTS: We identified 57 studies of cardiometabolic NCD outcomes in survivors of documented severe childhood malnutrition in LMICs (n=14) and historical famines (n=43). Exposure to severe malnutrition or famine in childhood was consistently associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (7/8 studies), hypertension (8/11), impaired glucose metabolism (15/24) and metabolic syndrome (6/6) in later life. Evidence for effects on lipid metabolism (6/11 null, 5/11 mixed findings), obesity (3/13 null, 5/13 increased risk, 5/13 decreased risk) and other outcomes was less consistent. Sex-specific differences were observed in some cohorts, with women consistently at higher risk of glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome. CONCLUSION: Severe malnutrition or famine during childhood is associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic NCDs, suggesting that developmental plasticity extends beyond prenatal life. Severe malnutrition in childhood thus has serious implications not only for acute morbidity and mortality but also for survivors' long-term health. Heterogeneity across studies, confounding by prenatal malnutrition, and age effects in famine studies preclude firm conclusions on causality. Research to improve understanding of mechanisms linking postnatal malnutrition and NCDs is needed to inform policy and programming to improve the lifelong health of severe malnutrition survivors.
Nucleated red blood cells in infants of smoking mothers.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether the absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) count is elevated in term, appropriate for gestational age (AGA) infants born to smoking women. METHODS: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts taken during the first 12 hours of life in two groups of term, vaginally delivered, AGA infants, one group born to mothers who smoked during pregnancy (n = 30) and the other born to mothers who did not smoke (n = 30). We excluded infants of women with diabetes, hypertension, or alcohol or drug abuse, and infants with heart rate abnormalities, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies. RESULTS: There were no differences between the groups in birth weight, gestational age, maternal age, gravidity, parity, maternal analgesia during labor, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, corrected white blood cell counts, lymphocyte counts, or hematocrits. The median absolute nucleated RBC count in infants of smoking mothers was 0.5 x 10(9)/L (range 0 to 5.0) versus 0.0005 x 10(9)/L (range 0 to 0.6) in nonsmoking controls (P < .002). Regression analysis that included Apgar scores, gestational age, and number of cigarettes smoked per day showed a significant correlation of absolute nucleated RBC count only with the number of cigarettes smoked per day (P < .001). CONCLUSION: At birth, term AGA infants born to smoking mothers have increased circulating absolute nucleated RBC counts compared with controls. The absolute nucleated RBC count in newborns correlates with the number of cigarettes smoked during pregnancy.
Predicting Preeclampsia with Noninvasive Measures of Endothelial Dysfunction: A Pilot Study.; Objective  This study evaluates the assessment of endothelial function and its prediction for preeclampsia among women with high-risk factors. Study Design  A prospective cohort study of 107 pregnant women at 20 weeks or greater gestation with risk factors for developing preeclampsia. Endothelial dysfunction was assessed using peripheral arterial tonometry by generating a reactive hyperemia index (RHI) score. An index score of <1.67 was defined as endothelial dysfunction. The primary outcome was preeclampsia. Logistic regression was used to predict preeclampsia from RHI scores, body mass index, gestational age at RHI evaluation, history of preeclampsia, history of pregestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, and fetal number. A receiver operating characteristic plot was constructed to predict preeclampsia from the RHI score. Results  Among 107 women, 99 had interpretable RHI scores. Among those with an abnormal RHI ( n = 61), 17 (28%) developed preeclampsia. Among women with a normal score ( n = 38), six (16%) developed preeclampsia ( p  = 0.166). After logistic regression, there was no significant association. A receiver operating characteristic plot also revealed no association between RHI score and preeclampsia. Conclusion  An abnormal RHI score using peripheral arterial tonometry indicating endothelial dysfunction was not predictive of developing preeclampsia in this cohort. Future studies are needed to further evaluate this relationship.
Nutritional influences in early life upon obesity and body proportions.; Close relationships exist between patterns of intra-uterine growth and the risk of ischaemic heart disease, hypertension, diabetes, insulin-resistance syndrome, obesity and some cancers later in life. Earlier studies placed emphasis on low birth weight and reduced growth, but it is now clear that disproportions in early growth are of great importance. Disproportion may be identified as disproportions of fetal and placental growth (and the risk of high blood pressure), or in head circumference, length and weight. It is hypothesized that the availability of nutrients at different times during gestation, by interacting with the maternal and fetal hormonal profile, predisposes to different patterns of growth. The same interaction programmes critical metabolic functions and determines the metabolic capacity at all later ages. People who were exposed to severe undernutrition during the Dutch hunger winter showed increased adiposity if the exposure was during early pregnancy, but decreased adiposity if the exposure was during late pregnancy. In men born in the UK, those with evidence of retarded fetal growth had significantly greater waist/hip circumference ratios for any given body mass index (the ratio fell with increasing weight at one year of age). In Mexican-Americans and non-Hispanic Caucasian Americans, people in the lowest third of birth weight had more truncal fat than those in the highest third. Offspring of rats exposed to marginally reduced protein intakes during pregnancy manifest a similar pattern of growth and metabolic change to that seen in humans, with perturbations of appetite and body fat patterning. Studies in rats suggest that programming of the hypothalamus, especially the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis might be the mechanism through which these changes are brought about.
Trends in the Incidence and Risk Factors of Pregnancy-Associated Stroke.; Pregnancy is a female-specific risk factor for stroke. Although pregnancy-associated stroke (PAS) is a rare event, PAS leads to considerable maternal mortality and morbidity. It is estimated that 7.7-15% of all maternal deaths worldwide are caused by stroke and 30-50% of surviving women are left with persistent neurological deficits. During last decade, several studies have reported an increasing incidence of PAS. The objective of this review is to summarize studies on time trends of PAS in relation to trends in the prevalence of stroke risk factors in pregnant women. Seven retrospective national healthcare register-based cohort studies from the US, Canada, UK, Sweden, and Finland were identified. Five studies from the US, Canada, and Finland reported an increasing trend of PAS. Potential biases include more sensitive diagnostics and improved stroke awareness among pregnant women and professionals toward the end of the study period. However, the concurrent increase in the prevalence of several stroke risk factors among pregnant women, particularly advanced age, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, diabetes, and obesity, indicate that the findings are likely robust and should be considered seriously. To reduce stroke in pregnancy, increased awareness among all medical specialties and pregnant women on the importance of risk-factor management during pregnancy and stroke symptoms is necessary. Important preventive measures include counseling for smoking cessation and substance abuse, treatment of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, use of aspirin in women at high risk for developing preeclampsia, and antithrombotic medication and pregnancy surveillance for women with high-risk conditions. Epidemiological data from countries with a high risk-factor burden are largely missing. National and international registries and prospective studies are needed to increase knowledge on the mechanisms, risk factors, management, and future implications for the health of women who experience this rare but devastating complication of pregnancy.
Clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia.; BACKGROUND: Although of interest, few data exist on the clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with an extremely high triglyceride level (≥ 1000 mg/dL). OBJECTIVE: We assessed the clinical characteristics of Japanese patients with an extremely high triglyceride level. METHODS: We investigated the presence of coronary artery disease, history of pancreatitis, the presence of fatty liver, and the potential causes of elevated triglyceride in Japanese subjects with an extremely high level of fasting triglyceride (≥ 1000 mg/dL) among 70,368 subjects whose serum triglyceride was measured for any reason at Kanazawa University Hospital from April 2004 to March 2014. RESULTS: We identified 215 (0.31%) subjects (mean age, 46 years; male, 170, mean body mass index, 25 kg/m(2)) with severe hypertriglyceridemia. Among them, 4 (1.9%) subjects were classified as type I, 97 (45.1%) subjects were type IV, and 114 (53.0%) subjects were type V hyperlipidemia, according to Fredrickson's classification. Among 215 subjects, 116 subjects (54.0%) drank alcohol, 58 (27.0%) showed heavy intake (≥ 60 g/d), and 64 (29.8%) subjects had diabetes. In total, 59 (27.4%) subjects had transient severe hypertriglyceridemia caused by corticosteroids (N = 19), antidepressant (N = 18), l-asparaginase and steroids for acute lymphoid leukemia (N = 15), hormone replacement therapy for breast cancer (N = 9), β-blocker (N = 5), hypothyroidism (N = 4), pregnancy (N = 4), and panhypopituitarism (N = 2). As many as 119 (55.3%) subjects exhibited fatty liver. Moreover, 12 (5.6%) and 17 (7.9%) subjects had a history of pancreatitis and coronary artery disease, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A variety of situations can cause severe hypertriglyceridemia. We suggest that potential secondary causes should be carefully assessed for such patients.
The Tokelau Island migrant study: prevalence of various conditions before migration.; The Tokelau Island Migrant Study has shown no important differences between those who subsequently left their home islands to migrate to New Zealand and those who remained, in key anthropometric and biochemical variables already reported. This comparison is now extended to various common diseases and conditions, and again no major difference emerges. The Tokelauans are compared with other Polynesians and shown to have less diabetes, hypertension, effort pain, chronic bronchitis and varicose veins than New Zealand Maoris, while resembling some Cook Island groups. Changes in prevalences of some conditions following migration are postulated.
Mortality Among Young Adults Born Preterm and Early Term in 4 Nordic Nations.; IMPORTANCE: Adverse long-term outcomes in individuals born before full gestation are not confined to individuals born at extreme gestational ages. Little is known regarding mortality patterns among individuals born in the weeks close to ideal gestation, and the exact causes are not well understood; both of these are crucial for public health, with the potential for modification of risk. OBJECTIVE: To examine the risk of all-cause and noncommunicable diseases (NCD) deaths among young adults born preterm and early term. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This multinational population-based cohort study used nationwide birth cohorts from Norway, Sweden, Denmark, and Finland for individuals born between 1967 and 2002. Individuals identified at birth who had not died or emigrated were followed up for mortality from age 15 years to 2017. Analyses were performed from June 2019 to May 2020. EXPOSURES: Categories of gestational age (ie, moderate preterm birth and earlier [23-33 weeks], late preterm [34-36 weeks], early term [37-38 weeks], full term [39-41 weeks] and post term [42-44 weeks]). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: All-cause mortality and cause-specific mortality from NCD, defined as cancer, diabetes, chronic lung disease, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). RESULTS: A total of 6 263 286 individuals were followed up for mortality from age 15 years. Overall, 339 403 (5.4%) were born preterm, and 3 049 100 (48.7%) were women. Compared with full-term birth, the adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for all-cause mortality were 1.44 (95% CI, 1.34-1.55) for moderate preterm birth and earlier; 1.23 (95% CI, 1.18-1.29) for late preterm birth; and 1.12 (95% CI, 1.09-1.15) for early-term birth. The association between gestational age and all-cause mortality were stronger in women than in men (P for interaction = .03). Preterm birth was associated with 2-fold increased risks of death from CVD (aHR, 1.89; 95% CI, 1.45-2.47), diabetes (aHR, 1.98; 95% CI, 1.44-2.73), and chronic lung disease (aHR, 2.28; 95% CI, 1.36-3.82). The main associations were replicated across countries and could not be explained by familial or individual confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The findings of this study strengthen the evidence of increased risk of death from NCDs in young adults born preterm. Importantly, the increased death risk was found across gestational ages up to the ideal term date and includes the much larger group with early-term birth. Excess mortality associated with shorter gestational age was most pronounced for CVDs, chronic lung disease, and diabetes.
Mortality Synopsis Among Women of Reproductive Age Group in Nigeria: A Hospital-Based Study.; PURPOSE: Identification of health problems of women of reproductive age, using a reliable mortality data, is essential in evading preventable female deaths. This study aimed at investigating mortality profile of women of reproductive age group in Nigeria. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a descriptive, retrospective study involving women of reproductive age group of 15-49 years that died at DELSUTH from 1st January 2016 to 31st December 2018. The age, date of death and cause of death were retrieved from the hospital records and subsequently analyzed using SPSS version 21. RESULTS: One hundred and eighty-seven eligible deaths were encountered in this study, constituting 17.5% of all deaths in the hospital. Twenty four (12.8%) cases were of maternal etiology while 163 (87.2%) were of non-maternal causes. Non-communicable disease, communicable disease and external injuries accounted for 100 (53.5%), 44 (23.5%) and 19 (10.2%) deaths among the non-maternal causes. The mean age and the peak age group are 34.4 years and the 4th decade respectively. The leading specified non-maternal causes of death (in descending order) are AIDS/TB, cerebrovascular accidents (CVA), breast cancer, road traffic accident (RTA), diabetes, perioperative death and sepsis while the leading maternal causes of death are abortion, postpartum hemorrhage, eclampsia and puerperal sepsis. CONCLUSION: Most deaths affecting WRAG are preventable, with non-maternal causes in excess of maternal causes. There is need for holistic life-long interventional policies and strategies that will address the health need of these women, using evidence-based research findings.
The relationship between serum levels of prolactin and growth hormone in the early postnatal period.; BackgroundIn the neonatal period, the pituitary hormones including prolactin (PRL) and human growth hormone (hGH) are secreted in high amounts due to immature feedback mechanisms. As both hormones are secreted in part by the same somatomammotrophic cells, we investigated their relationship in newborns with respect to sex, gestational week, method of delivery, and anthropometric data.MethodsThe serum levels of PRL and hGH were measured in blood drawn from 225 newborns. The newborn data were extracted from medical records.ResultsA positive correlation was found between log-transformations of PRL and hGH (r=0.17; P=0.01; n=225), with a stronger correlation in newborns whose blood samples were taken more than 2 days after birth (r=0.42; P<0.001; n=130). Log-transformations of the PRL/hGH ratio demonstrated a positive correlation with the gestational week (r=0.39; P<0.001; n=200). Multiple regression analysis showed that 15% of the variance in the logarithm of this ratio is attributed to the gestational week.ConclusionIn newborns, serum PRL and hGH levels show a positive correlation that can be explained by common regulatory factors or a drift phenomenon. A higher gestational week is associated with a higher PRL/hGH ratio. Further studies are needed to look for possible confounders and to determine the PRL-hGH relationship in different conditions.
FoxO1 Regulates Neuropeptide Y and Pro-opiomelanocortin in the Hypothalamus of Rat Offspring Small for Gestational Age.; Adulthood obesity, diabetes, and metabolic diseases are associated with small for gestational age (SGA) newborns. This association could be related to abnormal appetite signaling pathways in the hypothalamus. This study investigated the appetite regulation by the hypothalamus of SGA newborns by establishing an SGA rat model and culturing SGA neural progenitor cells (NPCs) in vitro. Models of SGA were established by maternal food restriction embryonic day 10 (E10). At E18, postpartum day 1 (P1), and P5, hypothalamic neural precursor cells (NPCs) of offspring were cultured in vitro. Immunofluorescence, Western blot (WB), and qRT-PCR were used to assess NPY, POMC, and FoxO1 expression levels. The effects on mRNA expression of the FoxO1-specific inhibitor AS1842856 were examined. The results indicated that compared with controls, NPY was higher, and POMC was lower at embryonic day 18 (E18), postpartum day 1 (P1), and P5. The proliferation and migration of NPCs in the third ventricle of SGA hypothalami were lower than in controls. After treatment with the FoxO1 inhibitor AS1842856, the differences in the mRNA expression of NPY and POMC between the two groups disappeared. NPY and POMC mRNA levels in the SGA group treated with AS1842856 were not significantly different compared with the control group without AS1842856 treatment. In conclusion, SGA pups showed an increase in appetite-promoting NPY and a decrease in appetite-reducing POMC, probably contributing to adulthood weight gain, obesity, and endocrine disorders.
[Nutritionnal epigenomics: consequences of unbalanced diets on epigenetics processes of programming during lifespan and between generations].; Epigenetic changes associated with DNA methylation and histone modifications leading to chromatin remodeling and regulation of gene expression underlie the developmental programming of obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and metabolic syndrome. This review focuses on converging data supporting the hypothesis that, in addition to "thrifty genotype" inheritance, individuals with obesity, type 2 diabetes, and metabolic syndrome (MetS) with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases have suffered improper "epigenetic programming" during their fetal/postnatal development due to maternal inadequate nutrition and metabolic disturbances and also during their lifetime, that could even be transmitted to the next generation(s). We highlight the susceptibility of epigenetic mechanisms controlling gene expression to environmental influences due to their inherent malleability, emphasizing the participation of transposable elements and the potential role of imprinted genes during critical time windows in epigenetic programming, from the very beginning of development, throughout life. Increasing our understanding on epigenetic patterns significance and their role in development, evolution and adaptation and on small molecules (nutrients, drugs) that reverse epigenetic (in)activation should provide us with the means to "unlock" silenced (enhanced) genes, and to "convert" the obsolete human thrifty genotype into a "squandering" phenotype.
Prevalence and determinants of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in Ethiopia: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy is the second commonest causes of maternal death globally. Different public health studies were conducted on hypertensive disorder of pregnancy which presented inconsistent result. Therefore, this systematic review and meta-analysis was commenced to summarize the findings conducted in several parts of the country and to generate the nationwide representative data on the prevalence and risk factors of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy in Ethiopia. METHODS AND MATERIALS: Electronic databases such as PubMed, Scopus, Google Scholar, Hinari, and African Journals Online were searched for studies published in English up to March, 2020. Joanna Briggs Institute Meta-Analysis of Statistics Assessment and Review Instrument and Newcastle-Ottawa Scale were used for data extraction and quality assessment of the included studies. The meta- regression analysis was computed at 95% CI to present the pooled prevalence and risk factors of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. RESULTS: Thirty four studies were included in this systematic review and meta-analysis. The pooled prevalence of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and preeclampsia in Ethiopia were 6.82% (95% CI (5.90, 7.74)) and 4.74% (95% CI (3.99, 5.49)) respectively. Maternal age ≥35 years (Adjusted Odds Ratio (AOR): 2.91 (95% CI: 1.60, 5.26)), twin pregnancy (AOR: 3.04 (95% CI: 1.89, 4.87)), previous history of preeclampsia (AOR: 5.36 (95% CI: 3.37, 8.53)), family history of hypertension (AOR: 4.01 (95% CI: 2.65, 6.07)), family history of diabetes mellitus (AOR: 3.07 (95% CI: 1.66, 7.70)), body mass index ≥25 (AOR: 3.92 (95% CI: 1.82, 8.42)), alcohol consumption (AOR: 1.77 (95% CI: 1.11, 2.83)), urinary tract infection (AOR: 4.57 (95% CI: 3.47, 6.02)), lack of nutritional counseling during antenatal period (AOR: 4.87 (95% CI: 3.36, 7.06)), lack of fruits (AOR: 3.49 (95% CI: 2.29, 5.30)), and vegetables consumption (AOR: 2.94 (95% CI: 2.01, 4.31)) were the risk factors of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy in Ethiopia. CONCLUSIONS: The pooled prevalence of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy is relatively higher compared with the previous reports. Maternal age ≥35 years, twin pregnancy, previous history of preeclampsia, family history of hypertension, family history of diabetes mellitus, body mass index ≥25, alcohol consumption, urinary tract infection, lack of fruits and vegetables during pregnancy were risk factors of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. The governments and stakeholders should work to strengthen the antenatal care practice to include the possible risk factors of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Weight loss and cardiovascular disease risk outcomes of semaglutide: a one-year multicentered study.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: There are limited real-world studies assessing semaglutide weight loss and associated comorbidity and metabolic outcomes over periods ≥ 6 months. We aim to assess weight loss, metabolic, and cardiovascular outcomes of 12 months of semaglutide. SUBJECT/METHODS: We conducted a multicentered retrospective cohort study on semaglutide use. We included patients with a body-mass index (BMI) ≥ 27 kg/m(2) who were prescribed weekly semaglutide subcutaneous injections. We excluded patients with bariatric surgeries, taking other anti-obesity medications, and with active malignancy or pregnancy. A total of 1023 patients had semaglutide prescription for obesity. INTERVENTION/METHODS: We assessed weight loss outcomes of subcutaneous semaglutide for 12 months. The primary endpoint was total body weight loss percentage (TBWL%) at 12 months. Secondary endpoints included proportion of patients achieving ≥5%, ≥10%, ≥15%, and ≥20% weight loss, and improvements in metabolic, cardiovascular, and comorbidities after 12 months of follow-up. RESULTS: We included 304 patients (73% female, 93% White, mean age 48.8 [12.4] years, BMI 40.9 [9.6] kg/m(2)) in the analysis. Patients achieved a TBWL of 13.4 (8.0)% at 12 months (p < 0.001 from baseline). Patients without T2DM achieved a TBWL of 16.9 (6.9)% compared to 9.9 (8.4)% in patients without T2DM at 12 months on the higher doses of semaglutide (p < 0.001 from baseline). In this cohort, 81% achieved ≥5%, 64% achieved ≥10%, 41% achieved ≥15%, and 22% achieved ≥20% TBWL at 12 months. Patients with overweight or obesity experienced significant improvements in metabolic, lipid profile, blood pressure, liver function tests, and cardiovascular disease risk outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Semaglutide demonstrated notable improvement in obesity, metabolic, and cardiovascular disease risk outcomes in a clinical setting.
Antenatal endogenous and exogenous glucocorticoids and their impact on immune ontogeny and long-term immunity.; Endogenous levels of glucocorticoids rise during pregnancy to warrant development and maturation of the fetal organs close to birth. However, during most of the gestation, the fetus is protected from excessive biologically active endogenous glucocorticoids by placental and fetal expression of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 2 (11β-HSD2). Maternal stress, which may overwhelm placental 11β-HSD2 activity with high glucocorticoid levels, or administration of synthetic glucocorticoids to improve the survival chances of the premature newborn, are associated to postnatal increased risk for immune diseases. Fetal exposure to excessive glucocorticoids may underlie this altered postnatal immunity. Here, we revise the role that placental and fetal 11β-HSD2, fetal glucocorticoid exposure, and programming of the offspring's the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis play on concerted steps in immune fetal development. We could identify gaps in knowledge about glucocorticoid-induced programming of immune diseases. Finally, based on current evidence about glucocorticoid and HPA axis-mediated immune regulation, we hypothesize on mechanisms that could drive the enhanced risk for atopies, infections, and type I diabetes in offspring that were prenatally exposed to glucocorticoids.
Holoprosencephaly with Dandy-Walker cyst. Rare coexistence of two major malformations.; A case of holoprosencephaly associated with Dandy-Walker cyst is reported. The patient was a male baby whose mother had normal serum titers for toxoplasma, syphilis, rubella and hepatitis B. She had no history of diabetes mellitus, administration of drugs or irradiation during the pregnancy. At the 8th month of gestation, fetal hydrocephalus was diagnosed by ultrasonic imaging. He was delivered by caesarean section at 34 weeks and 4 days, weighing 2,644 g. His head circumference was 42 cm; the anterior fontanel was not distended and its tension was normal. The chromosomal karyotype was a normal 46 XY. X-ray CT showed a large dorsal sac cyst in the supratentorial space and a hypoplastic cerebellum with a large cyst in the posterior fossa. He received a cyst-peritoneal shunt 24 days after birth. After this procedure, his head enlargement was arrested. We discuss the etiology of this rare coexistence of two major malformations.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in Western Brazilian Amazon: Associated factors and neonatal outcomes.; OBJECTIVE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are responsible for several maternal and fetal complications. This study investigated the occurrence of HDP, associated factors, and neonatal complications in women living in the Western Brazilian Amazon. METHODS: This is a population-based cross-sectional study with 1521 mother-child pairs enrolled in the Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition in Acre birth cohort (MINA-Brazil study). All parturients with HDP (registered in the medical records) were identified. Crude and adjusted prevalence ratios were calculated in Poisson regression models with robust variance. RESULTS: The prevalence of HDP was 11.0% (95% CI: 9.5-12.7). Factors associated with the prevalence of HDP were maternal age ≥ 35 years (PR: 1.9; 95% CI: 1.3-3.0), primigravida status (PR: 2.0; 95% CI: 1.5-2.7), pre-pregnancy obesity (PR: 2.7; 95% CI: 1.9-4.0), higher gestational weight gain (highest quartile RP: 2.5; 95% CI: 1.6-3.8), chronic hypertension (RP: 3.6; 95% CI: 2.7-4.9), and diabetes in pregnancy (RP: 1.9; 95% CI: 1.1-3.2). HDP was associated with risk for caesarean delivery (PR: 1.8; 95% CI: 1.6-2.0) and prematurity (PR: 2.0; 95% CI: 1.3-3.2). Gestational malaria was not associated with HDP in Amazonian pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: Evaluating risk factors before pregnancy and during the prenatal period is essential for reducing adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Influence of fetal body weight on metabolic complications in adult life: review of the evidence.; Numerous mainly cross-sectional studies have unequivocally shown an inverse relationship between birth weight of infants born at term and the incidence of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, hypertension and coronary heart disease. These findings apply to both sexes and are not modified by confounding factors such as age or body mass index. Although the original studies in the UK involved a relatively small number of subjects whose records of birth weight were traced back more than 50 years earlier, similar findings were recorded from larger prospective studies in the USA and Northern Europe. Studies in twins did not support the theory that genetic factors predispose both to low birth weight and morbidity from impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance or coronary heart disease, and current evidence points to a resetting of major hormonal axes that control growth and metabolic processes as a possible cause of this association.
No associations of prenatal maternal psychosocial stress with fasting glucose metabolism in offspring at 5-6 years of age.; Highly prevalent maternal psychosocial complaints are accompanied by increases in glucocorticoid stress hormones, which may predispose the offspring for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in adulthood. The aim of the current research is to study whether prenatal maternal psychosocial stress is associated with parameters of blood glucose metabolism in their children aged 5-6 years. The study design was a prospective birth cohort (the Amsterdam Born Children and their Development study, the Netherlands). Depressive symptoms, pregnancy-related anxiety, parenting daily hassles and job strain were recorded by questionnaire (gestational week 16). A cumulative score was also calculated. Possible sex differences in the associations were considered. The subjects were 1952 mother-child pairs. Outcome measures were fasting glucose (n=1952), C-peptide and insulin resistance (HOMA2-IR) (n=1478) in the children at the age of 5-6 years. The stress scales, single and cumulative, were not associated with glucose/C-peptide/insulin resistance (all P>0.05). We did not find evidence for sex differences. In conclusion, we did not find evidence for an association between psychosocial stress during early pregnancy and parameters of glucose metabolism in offspring at the age of 5-6 years. Differences emerging later in life or in response to a metabolic challenge should not be ruled out.
Blockade of chlorpropamide-alcohol flushing by indomethacin suggests an association between prostaglandins and diabetic vascular complications.; Chlorpropamide/alcohol flushing (CPAF), found in many patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDD), can be blocked by indomethacin in most patients who are free of vascular complications but not in those with such complications. Since indomethacin is a prostaglandin inhibitor this finding suggests that prostaglandins may be involved in the aetiology of vascular diseases in NIDD. All 6 pairs of identical twins with CPAF, of whom 2 pairs were disocrdant for diabetes, were concordant for indomethacin blocking, which suggests that the block has a genetic basis. The difference in the response of CPAF to indomethacin in diabetic patients with and without vascular complications is probably the first indication of a metabolic difference between these two types of patient.
What is a normal blood glucose?; Glucose is the key metabolic substrate for tissue energy production. In the perinatal period the mother supplies glucose to the fetus and for most of the gestational period the normal lower limit of fetal glucose concentration is around 3 mmol/L. Just after birth, for the first few hours of life in a normal term neonate appropriate for gestational age, blood glucose levels can range between 1.4 mmol/L and 6.2 mmol/L but by about 72 h of age fasting blood glucose levels reach normal infant, child and adult values (3.5-5.5 mmol/L). Normal blood glucose levels are maintained within this narrow range by factors which control glucose production and glucose utilisation. The key hormones which regulate glucose homoeostasis include insulin, glucagon, epinephrine, norepinephrine, cortisol and growth hormone. Pathological states that affect either glucose production or utilisation will lead to hypoglycaemia. Although hypoglycaemia is a common biochemical finding in children (especially in the newborn) it is not possible to define by a single (or a range of) blood glucose value/s. It can be defined as the concentration of glucose in the blood or plasma at which the individual demonstrates a unique response to the abnormal milieu caused by the inadequate delivery of glucose to a target organ (eg, the brain). Hypoglycaemia should therefore be considered as a continuum and the blood glucose level should be interpreted within the clinical scenario and with respect to the counter-regulatory hormonal responses and intermediate metabolites.
Perspective: Childhood Obesity Requires New Strategies for Prevention.; The prevalence of obesity among youth in the USA is currently >18% with projections that more than half of today's children will be obese as adults. The growth trajectory of children more likely to become obese is determined by weight in earliest childhood, and childhood body mass index (BMI) tracks through adolescence and adulthood. Childhood consequences of obesity include increased risk of asthma, type 2 diabetes mellitus, orthopedic disorders, and reduced academic performance. Health implications of obesity in adulthood include premature coronary artery disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, stroke, and certain cancers, contributing to the leading causes of adult mortality. Early childhood obesity is influenced by prenatal exposure to maternal obesity and environmental obesogens, and is associated with poverty, food insecurity, and poor nutritional quality. New strategies for primordial prevention of early childhood obesity require focusing attention on growth parameters during the first 2 y of life, with support for increasing the duration of breastfeeding, and improvements in dietary quality and availability, particularly the reduced consumption of added sugars. Reducing the prevalence of obesity among adolescent females and reducing exposure to environmental obesogens may reduce the prevalence of transgenerational obesity. The reduction of early childhood obesity could improve population health, quality of life, and longevity throughout the life course.
Is type 2 diabetes mellitus a disorder of the brain?; I propose that type 2 diabetes mellitus is due to damage to neurons in the ventromedial hypothalamus or to a defect in the action or properties of insulin or insulin receptors in the brain. These neuronal abnormalities are probably secondary to a marginal deficiency of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids during the critical periods of brain growth and development. Hence, supplementation of adequate amounts of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids during the third trimester of pregnancy to 2 y postterm can prevent or postpone the development of diabetes mellitus.
Associations between insomnia and pregnancy and perinatal outcomes: Evidence from mendelian randomization and multivariable regression analyses.; BACKGROUND: Insomnia is common and associated with adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes in observational studies. However, those associations could be vulnerable to residual confounding or reverse causality. Our aim was to estimate the association of insomnia with stillbirth, miscarriage, gestational diabetes (GD), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), perinatal depression, preterm birth (PTB), and low/high offspring birthweight (LBW/HBW). METHODS AND FINDINGS: We used 2-sample mendelian randomization (MR) with 81 single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) instrumenting for a lifelong predisposition to insomnia. Our outcomes included ever experiencing stillbirth, ever experiencing miscarriage, GD, HDP, perinatal depression, PTB (gestational age <37 completed weeks), LBW (<2,500 grams), and HBW (>4,500 grams). We used data from women of European descent (N = 356,069, mean ages at delivery 25.5 to 30.0 years) from UK Biobank (UKB), FinnGen, Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC), Born in Bradford (BiB), and the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort (MoBa). Main MR analyses used inverse variance weighting (IVW), with weighted median and MR-Egger as sensitivity analyses. We compared MR estimates with multivariable regression of insomnia in pregnancy on outcomes in ALSPAC (N = 11,745). IVW showed evidence of an association of genetic susceptibility to insomnia with miscarriage (odds ratio (OR): 1.60, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.18, 2.17, p = 0.002), perinatal depression (OR 3.56, 95% CI: 1.49, 8.54, p = 0.004), and LBW (OR 3.17, 95% CI: 1.69, 5.96, p < 0.001). IVW results did not support associations of insomnia with stillbirth, GD, HDP, PTB, and HBW, with wide CIs including the null. Associations of genetic susceptibility to insomnia with miscarriage, perinatal depression, and LBW were not observed in weighted median or MR-Egger analyses. Results from these sensitivity analyses were directionally consistent with IVW results for all outcomes, with the exception of GD, perinatal depression, and PTB in MR-Egger. Multivariable regression showed associations of insomnia at 18 weeks of gestation with perinatal depression (OR 2.96, 95% CI: 2.42, 3.63, p < 0.001), but not with LBW (OR 0.92, 95% CI: 0.69, 1.24, p = 0.60). Multivariable regression with miscarriage and stillbirth was not possible due to small numbers in index pregnancies. Key limitations are potential horizontal pleiotropy (particularly for perinatal depression) and low statistical power in MR, and residual confounding in multivariable regression. CONCLUSIONS: In this study, we observed some evidence in support of a possible causal relationship between genetically predicted insomnia and miscarriage, perinatal depression, and LBW. Our study also found observational evidence in support of an association between insomnia in pregnancy and perinatal depression, with no clear multivariable evidence of an association with LBW. Our findings highlight the importance of healthy sleep in women of reproductive age, though replication in larger studies, including with genetic instruments specific to insomnia in pregnancy are important.
Previously unrecognized risk factors for severe hypoglycaemia requiring emergency medical care in insulin-treated type 2 diabetes: Results from a real-world nested case-control study.; AIM: Several risk factors for severe hypoglycaemia (SH) are associated with insulin-treated diabetes. This study explored potential risk factors in adults with insulin-treated type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). MATERIALS AND METHODS: In this case-control study, adults with T2DM initiating insulin were identified in the IQVIA PharMetrics® Plus database. The index date was the date of the first SH event (cases). Using incidence-density sampling, controls were selected from those who had been exposed 'at risk' of SH for the same amount of time as each case. After exact-matching on the well-established factors, previously unreported risk factors were evaluated through conditional logistic regression. RESULTS: In 3153 case-control pairs, pregnancy [odds ratios (OR) = 3.20, p = .0003], alcohol abuse (OR = 2.43, p < .0001), short-/rapid-acting insulin (OR = 2.22/1.47, p < .0001), cancer (OR = 1.87, p < .0001), dementia/Alzheimer's disease (OR = 1.73, p = .0175), peripheral vascular disease (OR = 1.59, p < .0001), antipsychotics (OR = 1.59; p = .0059), anxiolytics (OR = 1.51, p = .0012), paralysis/hemiplegia/paraplegia (OR = 1.51, p = .0416), hepatitis (OR = 1.50, p = .0303), congestive heart failure (OR = 1.47, p = .0002), adrenergic-corticosteroid combinations (OR = 1.45, p = .0165), β-adrenoceptor agonists (OR = 1.40, p = .0225), opioids (OR = 1.38, p < .0001), corticosteroids (OR = 1.35, p = .0159), cardiac arrhythmia (OR = 1.29. p = .0065), smoking (OR = 1.28, p = .005), Charlson Comorbidity Index score 2 (OR = 1.28, p = .0026), 3 (OR = 1.41, p = .0016) or ≥4 (OR = 1.57, p = .0002), liver/gallbladder/pancreatic disease (OR = 1.26, p = .0182) and hypertension (OR = 1.19, p = .0164) were independently associated with SH. CONCLUSIONS: Although all people with insulin-treated diabetes are at risk of SH, these results have identified some previously unrecognized risk factors and sub-groups of insulin-treated adults with T2DM at greater risk. Scrutiny of current therapies and comorbidities are advised as well as additional glucose monitoring and education, when identifying and managing SH in vulnerable populations.
Prophylactic aspirin for preventing pre-eclampsia and its complications: An overview of meta-analyses.; Benefits of aspirin administration on pre-eclampsia and IUGR depend on the gestational age and dose of aspirin administration. Meta-analyses show that, to prevent preterm labor, aspirin could be administrated even after 16 weeks of gestational age.
Risk Factors for Early- and Late-Onset Superimposed Preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: Risk factors of early- and late-onset preeclampsia among pregnant individuals with chronic hypertension are not well described in the literature. We hypothesized that early- and late-onset superimposed preeclampsia (SIPE) have different risk factors. Therefore, we aimed to examine the risk factors of early- and late-onset SIPE among individuals with chronic hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective case-control study of pregnant individuals with chronic hypertension who delivered at 22 weeks' gestation or greater at an academic institution. Early-onset SIPE was defined as SIPE diagnosed before 34 weeks' gestation. To identify risk factors, we compared individuals' characteristics between individuals who developed early- and late-onset SIPE and those who did not. We then compared characteristics between individuals who developed early-onset SIPE and late-onset SIPE. Characteristics with p-values of less than 0.05 by bivariable variables were analyzed by simple and multivariable logistic regression models to calculate crude and adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). Missing values were imputed with multiple imputation. RESULTS: Of 839 individuals, 156 (18.6%) had early-onset, 154 (18.4%) had late-onset SIPE and 529 (63.1%) did not have SIPE. The multivariate logistic regression model showed that serum creatinine ≥ 0.7 mg/dL compared to less than 0.7 mg/dL (aOR: 2.89 [95% CI: 1.63-5.13]), increase of creatinine (1.33 [1.16-1.53]), nulliparity compared to multiparity (1.77 [1.21-2.60]), and pregestational diabetes (1.70 [1.11-2.62]) were risk factors for early-onset SIPE. The multivariate logistic regression model showed that nulliparity compared to multiparity (1.53 [1.05-2.22]) and pregestational diabetes (1.74 [1.14-2.64]) was a risk factor for late-onset SIPE. Serum creatinine ≥ 0.7 mg/dL (2.90 [1.36-6.15]) and increase of creatinine (1.33 [1.10-1.60]) were significantly associated with early-onset SIPE compared to late-onset SIPE. CONCLUSION: Kidney dysfunction seemed to be associated with the pathophysiology of early-onset SIPE. Nulliparity and pregestational diabetes were common risk factors for both early- and late-onset SIPE. KEY POINTS: · Serum creatinine level was positively associated with early-onset superimposed preeclampsia (SIPE).. · Pregestational diabetes and nulliparity were associated with both early- and late-onset SIPE.. · The identification of risk factors may provide an opportunity to decrease the rates of SIPE..
Dentists' knowledge and opinions of oral-systemic disease relationships: relevance to patient care and education.; Population studies consistently support associations between poor oral (periodontal) health and systemic diseases such as cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. The aim of this study was to assess the knowledge of dentists and document their opinions regarding the evidence on oral-systemic disease relationships. A survey consisting of 39 items was developed and mailed to 1,350 licensed dentists in North Carolina. After three mailings, 667 dentists (49%) meeting inclusion criteria responded. The respondents were predominantly male (76.3%), in solo practice (59.5%), and in non-rural settings (74%). More than 75% of these dentists correctly identified risk factors like diet, genetics, smoking, obesity, and physical inactivity for CVD and diabetes. The majority rated the evidence linking periodontal disease with CVD and diabetes as strong (71% and 67%, respectively). These dentists were most comfortable inquiring about patients' tobacco habits (93%), treating patients with diabetes (89%) or CVD (84%) and concurrent periodontal disease, and discussing diabetes-periodontal disease risks with patients (88%). Fewer respondents were comfortable asking patients about alcohol consumption (54%) or providing alcohol counseling (49%). Most agreed that dentists should be trained to identify risk factors (96%) or actively manage systemically diseased patients (74%). Over 90% agreed that medical and dental professionals should be taught to practice more collaboratively. These data indicate that these dentists were knowledgeable about oral-systemic health associations, had mixed comfort levels translating the evidence into clinical practice, but expressed support for interprofessional education to improve their readiness to actively participate in their patients' overall health management.
Maternal pre-gravid cardiometabolic health and infant birthweight: A prospective pre-conception cohort study.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Both low birthweight and high birthweight have been associated with the development of cardiometabolic disease in adulthood, possibly reflecting the effect of intrauterine fetal programming. As developmental programming can begin before conception, pre-gravid factors that predict birthweight may be relevant in this context. However, little is known about such factors. Thus, we established a pre-conception cohort to identify maternal pre-gravid cardiometabolic determinants of infant birthweight. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this prospective observational cohort study, 1484 newly-married women in Liuyang, China, underwent baseline (pre-gravid) evaluation and then were followed across a subsequent pregnancy. Pre-gravid cardiometabolic characterization consisted of clinical (anthropometry, blood pressure) and biochemical evaluation (total/LDL/HDL cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose) at median 20 weeks before a singleton pregnancy. Mean birthweight was 3294 ± 444 g, with 173 neonates large-for-gestational-age (LGA) and 110 small-for-gestational-age (SGA). On multiple linear regression analysis, positive determinants of birthweight were maternal age, pre-gravid body mass index (BMI), weight gain in pregnancy, length of gestation, and male infant (all p ≤ 0.0003). On logistic regression analysis, independent predictors of an LGA delivery were maternal age (OR = 1.10 per year, 95%CI 1.03-1.18), pre-gravid BMI (OR = 1.21 per kg/m(2), 1.07-1.37), and gestational weight gain (OR = 1.10 per kg, 1.06-1.14). The only independent predictor of SGA was gestational weight gain (OR = 0.93 per kg, 0.89-0.97). CONCLUSION: Maternal weight before and during pregnancy is the predominant cardiometabolic determinant of infant birthweight, rather than pre-gravid blood pressure, glucose or lipid profile.
Age, body mass index, and weight gain do not increase sympathetic activity during pregnancy.; Associations between prepregnancy body mass index, gestational weight gain, maternal age, and basal sympathetic nervous system activity (SNA) in normotensive pregnant women have not been explored. Retrospective analysis of microneurography records from 74 normotensive pregnant women during their third trimester indicated that although pregnancy is associated with rapid weight gain, this does not influence SNA. There were also no associations between maternal age and SNA, but more studies are needed to confirm this interpretation. Novelty Neither age nor excessive weight gain appears to influence sympathetic activity during normotensive pregnancy.
Early origins of adult disease: low birth weight and vascular remodeling.; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and diabetes still represent the main cause of mortality and morbidity in the industrialized world. Low birth weight (LBW), caused by intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), was recently known to be associated with increased rates of CVD and non-insulin dependent diabetes in adult life (Barker's hypothesis). Well-established animal models have shown that environmentally induced IUGR (diet, diabetes, hormone exposure, hypoxia) increases the risk of a variety of diseases later in life with similar phenotypic outcomes in target organs. This suggests that a range of disruptions in fetal and postnatal growth may act through common pathways to regulate the developmental programming and produce a similar adult phenotype. The identification of all involved signaling cascades, underlying the physiopathology of these damages in IUGR fetuses, with their influence on adult health, is still far from satisfactory. The endothelium may be important for long-term remodeling and in the control of elastic properties of the arterial wall. Several clinical and experimental studies showed that IUGR fetuses, neonates, children and adolescents present signs of endothelial dysfunction, valuated by aorta intima media thickness, carotid intima media thickness and stiffness, central pulse wave velocity, brachial artery flow-mediated dilation, laser Doppler skin perfusion and by the measure of arterial blood pressure. In utero identification of high risk fetuses and long-term follow-up are necessary to assess the effects of interventions aimed at preventing pregnancy-induced hypertension, reducing maternal obesity, encouraging a healthy life style and preventing childhood obesity on adult blood pressure and cardiovascular disease in later life.
Vitamin A homeostasis and cardiometabolic disease in humans: lost in translation?; Vitamin A (retinol) is an essential, fat-soluble vitamin that plays critical roles in embryonic development, vision, immunity, and reproduction. Severe vitamin A deficiency results in profound embryonic dysgenesis, blindness, and infertility. The roles of bioactive vitamin A metabolites in regulating cell proliferation, cellular differentiation, and immune cell function form the basis of their clinical use in the treatment of dermatologic conditions and hematologic malignancies. Increasingly, vitamin A also has been recognized to play important roles in cardiometabolic health, including the regulation of adipogenesis, energy partitioning, and lipoprotein metabolism. While these roles are strongly supported by animal and in vitro studies, they remain poorly understood in human physiology and disease. This review briefly introduces vitamin A biology and presents the key preclinical data that have generated interest in vitamin A as a mediator of cardiometabolic health. The review also summarizes clinical studies performed to date, highlighting the limitations of many of these studies and the ongoing controversies in the field. Finally, additional perspectives are suggested that may help position vitamin A metabolism within a broader biological context and thereby contribute to enhanced understanding of vitamin A's complex roles in clinical cardiometabolic disease.
Cardiovascular disease in pregnancy and its outcome: A prospective study.; INTRODUCTION: Prevalence estimates place maternal heart illness anywhere from 0.3 to 3.5 percent. Up to 20.5% of all maternal deaths of non-obstetrical cause are attributable to cardiovascular disease. AIM: The aim of the study was the management of patients with the multidisciplinary approach to maternal cardiovascular disease and its influence on maternal and fetal outcomes in a tertiary care centre. OBJECTIVES: 1. To find out the prevalence and spectrum of heart disease in Pregnancy. 2. To find out the outcome of pregnancy with heart disease in a tertiary care centre. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective study of one year was done on pregnant with heart disease coming to the Obstetrics and Gynaecology department in collaboration with the cardiology department of IGIMS, Patna. A study was done on 65 pregnant with heart disease between the age group 20 to 35 years were compared to a control group of 65 pregnant women who were hospitalised during the same time period but did not have heart disease. All the pregnant women with heart disease were included in this study. Patients with medical disorders like Kidney disease, Liver disease, Pulmonary Disease, Diabetes Mellitus were excluded from the study. We used IBM's SPSS v23 to analyse the collected data. RESULT: Prevalence of heart disease in pregnancy was 5.8% in present study and mostly of RHD (62.5%), followed by corrected CHD (12.5%) and CHD (10.9%). Patients of NYHA Class I and II (58.5%), Class III (26.2%), and Class IV (15.4%). The mitral valve was most often impacted by RHD (35.3% of all cases), followed by the tricuspid valve (15.0%). Eight (1.1%) people had cardiac surgery for therapeutic reasons. Six percent of all corrective surgeries included closing an atrial septal defect (ASD). The most common kind of congenital abnormality was a ventricular septal defect (VSD, 3%), followed by atrial septal defect (ASD, 1.5%) and pulmonary ductal atresia (PDA, 1.5%). Patients with heart disease had a higher rate of MTP, emergency LSCS and instrumental births than the controls. Deaths during pregnancy were 4 (6.2%) with cardiac disease and no maternal mortality in control group and all belonged to NYHA Class 4 were anaemic. In patients with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 45% or below, death was high. Two women died intrapartum from RHD, and two died postpartum from Peripartum cardiomyopathy. There were significantly more incidences of low-birth-weight infants (36.4%) compared to the control group (p = 0.001). Cases had a statistically significant greater frequency of obstetric problems, as well as an increased risk of developing anaemia, hypertension, hypothyroidism, cholestasis, FGR, and GDM (p-value 0.017). Multiparity, severe valvular lesion, NYHA function class III or IV, arrhythmia, and low ejection fraction were associated with poor maternal outcome in the current study. CONCLUSION: Maternal morbidity and mortality due to heart disease can be reduced appreciably by antenatal care, early diagnosis, and management with the help of cardiologists and surgery in selected cases.
Perinatal taurine exposure affects adult arterial pressure control.; Taurine is an abundant, free amino acid found in mammalian cells that contributes to many physiologic functions from that of a simple cell osmolyte to a programmer of adult health and disease. Taurine's contribution extends from conception throughout life, but its most critical exposure period is during perinatal life. In adults, taurine supplementation prevents or alleviates cardiovascular disease and related complications. In contrast, low taurine consumption coincides with increased risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity and type II diabetes. This review focuses on the effects that altered perinatal taurine exposure has on long-term mechanisms that control adult arterial blood pressure and could thereby contribute to arterial hypertension through its ability to program these cardiovascular regulatory mechanisms very early in life. The modifications of these mechanisms can last a lifetime and transfer to the next generation, suggesting that epigenetic mechanisms underlie the changes. The ability of perinatal taurine exposure to influence arterial pressure control mechanisms and hypertension in adult life appears to involve the regulation of growth and development, the central and autonomic nervous system, the renin-angiotensin system, glucose-insulin interaction and changes to heart, blood vessels and kidney function.
Recurrent pregnancy loss: a risk factor for long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?; OBJECTIVE: We sought to investigate whether patients with a history of recurrent pregnancy loss (RPL) have an increased risk for future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based study compared the incidence of long-term atherosclerotic morbidity (renal and cardiovascular) in a cohort of women with and without a diagnosis of RPL. Patients had a mean follow-up duration of more than a decade. Women with known atherosclerotic disease were excluded from the study. Cardiovascular morbidity was divided into 4 categories according to severity and type including simple and complex cardiovascular events and invasive and noninvasive cardiac procedures. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were used to estimate cumulative incidence of cardiovascular and renal hospitalizations. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for cardiovascular and renal morbidity. RESULTS: During the study period 99,285 patients were included; of these 6.7% (n = 6690) had a history of RPL. Patients with RPL had higher rates of renal and cardiovascular morbidity including cardiac invasive and noninvasive diagnostic procedures, simple as well as complex cardiovascular events, and hospitalizations due to cardiovascular causes. Using Kaplan-Meier survival curves, patients with a previous diagnosis of RPL had a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular but not renal hospitalizations. Using a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for confounders such as preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and smoking, a history of RPL remained independently associated with cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.6; 95% confidence interval, 1.4-1.8; P = .001). CONCLUSION: RPL is an independent risk factor for long-term maternal cardiovascular complications.
[Psychiatric and somatic morbidity among Hungarian psychiatrists].; BACKGROUND: A growing body of evidence in the international literature suggests that the prevalence of psychiatric morbidity including suicide is high among psychiatrists. Based on these data, we hypothesised that the prevalence of psychiatric and somatic morbidity is higher among psychiatrists in Hungary compared to the other graduate population. Aims. To assess the psychiatric and somatic health status of psychiatrists in Hungary. METHODS: Data for this epidemiological study were collected from 160 female and 60 male psychiatrists using questionnaires. 1,754 white collar female and male workers from a representative survey (Hungarostudy 2002) and 407 representative physicians served as controls. RESULTS: We found that the prevalence of chronic somatic morbidity among both female and male physicians was significantly higher than that in the respective control groups. The prevalence of malignancies, diabetes, renal impairment, depression, hypertension, myocardial infarction and cardiovascular diseases, other infectious diseases, allergies and gastrointestinal ulcers was higher among male psychiatrists compared to controls. Female psychiatrists exhibited higher prevalence of malignant diseases, liver disease, depression, hypertension, myocardial infarction, other infectious diseases, bronchial asthma, other pulmonary and cardiovascular diseases, allergies, gastrointestinal diseases including ulcer, ophthalmologic and gynecological disorders compared to the other graduate and female physician population. A significantly higher prevalence of maternal reproductive morbidity including miscarriage, therapeutic termination of pregnancy, high-risk pregnancy among female psychiatrists was found compared to women in the control groups. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of psychiatric and somatic morbidity is higher among physicians compared with that in the normative population. Furthermore, female physicians consumed more anxiolytics, reported exhaustion more frequently, and exhibited poorer health maintenance behaviours than male colleagues. Increased mortality among Hungarian physicians may be attributed to high prevalence of somatic and psychiatric morbidity and inattentive health behaviours.
Arterial Health After Preeclampsia: Role of Chronic Hypertension in the Early Vascular Aging (EVA) Study.; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia (PE) is associated with increased cardiovascular risk. Recent data have shown worse left ventricular remodeling and diastolic function in women with PE and persistent hypertension (HTN). We performed a comprehensive arterial hemodynamic assessment to evaluate the contribution of persistent HTN on arterial health after PE. METHODS: We recruited 40 women with PE history and 40 age-matched controls (6 months to 6 years postpartum). We evaluated arterial hemodynamics with validated techniques combining applanation tonometry and transthoracic echocardiography, comparing three groups: previous PE with persistent HTN (PE-HTN), previous PE with normalized blood pressure (PE-noHTN) and controls, using multivariable linear regression adjusted for age, body surface area, heart rate, diabetes, smoking history, creatinine, and gravidity. RESULTS: Eight (20%) of the post-PE women had persistent HTN. Mean age was 35.8 ± 3.9 years, median number of pregnancies was 2 (range 1-7), and time since last pregnancy 2.1 (range 0.5-5.7) years (not different between groups, P > 0.05). Compared to controls and to PE-noHTN, PE-HTN had higher aortic stiffness, wave reflections, pulsatile, and steady arterial load (P < 0.05 for each). Among PE-noHTN, aortic stiffness, wave reflections and steady arterial load were worse than controls (P < 0.05 for each), with smaller effect sizes. CONCLUSIONS: This is the most comprehensive assessment of arterial hemodynamics and first to demonstrate the contribution of persistent HTN on worse arterial health following PE. Since measures of arterial health are associated with cardiovascular events in the population, the combination of previous PE and chronic HTN may represent a higher risk subgroup who could benefit from targeted prevention strategies.
Thayer lecture. Diabetes mellitus: a brief overview.; Thus to summarize, there are a number of experimental and critical observations which all tend to support the contention that the hyperglycemia and perhaps to a lesser degree, the insulin deficiency, contribute significantly to the atherosclerosis and more directly initiate and expidite the microangiopathy and neurological abnormalities noted in diabetes. There is little evidence to suggest that the microangiopathy has any direct genetic relationship except via the beta cell and the resulting insulin deficiency.
Effects of K+channels inhibitors on the cholinergic relaxation of the isolated aorta of adult offspring rats exposed to maternal diabetes.; Vascular disease has importance in chronic diabetes mellitus but long-term impact of maternal diabetes (MD) on vascular function in the offspring is poorly investigated. This study aimed to examine the alterations produced by MD in K (+) channels activity on endothelium-dependent aortic relaxation induced by acetylcholine (ACh) in adult offspring rats. Diabetes mellitus was induced in female Wistar rats by streptozotocin (STZ; 42 mg/kg, i. p.) injected on the 7 (th) day of pregnancy. Body weights of offspring rats from diabetic mothers (O-DR) were significantly lesser than those of offspring rats from control mothers (O-CR). At 120 days of age, triglyceride but not glucose and cholesterol level was significantly higher in O-DR than in O-CR. In aortic preparations from O-DR, norepinephrine (NE)-induced contractions were significantly higher than those observed in O-CR. In aortic preparations from O-DR precontracted with NE (1 muM), vasorelaxant response to either ACh (0.1, 1 and 10 muM) or sodium nitroprusside (0.1, 1 and 10 nM) was significantly reduced when compared to O-CR. In both groups, vasorelaxant responses to ACh were reduced in the presence of tetraethylamonium chloride and 4-aminopyridine. However, pretreatment with glybenclamide reduced vasorelaxant effects of lowest concentration (0.1 muM) of ACh only in preparations from O-CR. Our results suggest a reduced K (+)(ATP) activity in the cholinergic relaxation of aortic rings of adult offspring born to STZ-diabetic mothers.
Clinical pharmacokinetics of iron preparations.; The principle of iron conservation is the basis of iron metabolism; the normal basal loss of iron from the body is about 1 mg daily in a 70 kg man and 0.8 mg in a 55 kg woman. Iron is lost mainly by the menstrual and gastrointestinal routes. The total iron requirement during pregnancy is 800 mg; in the last month the requirement may amount to 7 to 8 mg/day. Supplementary iron is recommended for many menstruating women, and during the latter part of pregnancy. Correct fetal iron metabolism is ensured by proper maternal iron status, although there are contradictory opinions and findings about the relationship between maternal and fetal iron metabolism. Preterm infants fed on breast milk have a negative iron balance, and require an iron intake of about 0.6 mg/kg/day, and 3.4 mg/1 g haemoglobin, to compensate for intestinal and venesection iron losses, respectively. The absorption of supplementary iron by the preterm infant is a linear function of intake. Preterm infants do not require iron supplements when given repeated blood transfusions. During lactation the total iron losses of the mother are 1 mg/day, and thus no supplementary iron is needed if the iron metabolism has been in balance during the pregnancy. Serum ferritin concentration decreases continuously when iron stores in the body are reduced, and totally empty iron stores are the only known reasons for low serum ferritin concentration. Despite depleted iron stores, serum ferritin concentration can be normal or higher than normal in protein-energy malnutrition, up to 3 months after major surgery, in acute liver damage, in some patients with prolonged hyperglycaemia due to diabetes mellitus, in acute lobar pneumonia, active pulmonary tuberculosis and rheumatoid arthritis on gold therapy, in sepsis secondary to marrow hypoplasia induced by chemotherapy, in heavy drinkers and for a few days after myocardial infarction. In haemochromatosis, iron is deposited in liver (producing fibrosis), pancreas, endocrine glands and heart. The rise in the level of iron in the body is due to increased absorption and/or increased intake. This pathology may occur in transfusions, in alcoholism (especially when alcoholic beverages are contaminated with iron and the diet is low-protein), in several liver diseases, in congenital transferrin deficiency and in idiopathic disease. Patients susceptible to haemochromatosis should receive a low-iron diet. Serum ferritin determination may be helpful in early identification of susceptible members of a family with idiopathic familial haemochromatosis, but transferrin saturation is not a good indicator of either iron depletion or iron overload.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 400 WORDS)
Maternal obesity during the preconception and early life periods alters pancreatic development in early and adult life in male mouse offspring.; Maternal obesity induced by a high fat (HF) diet may program susceptibility in offspring, altering pancreatic development and causing later development of chronic degenerative diseases, such as obesity and diabetes. Female mice were fed standard chow (SC) or an HF diet for 8 weeks prior to mating and during the gestational and lactational periods. The male offspring were assessed at birth, at 10 days, and at 3 months of age. The body mass (BM) gain was 50% greater before pregnancy and 80% greater during pregnancy in HF dams than SC dams. Dams fed an HF diet showed higher oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), blood pressure, serum corticosterone, and insulin levels than dams fed SC. At 10 days of age and at 3 mo old the HF offspring showed greater BM and higher blood glucose levels than the SC offspring. The mean diameter of the islets had increased by 37% in the SC offspring and by 155% in the HF offspring at 10 days of age. The islet mass ratio (IM/PM) was 88% greater in the HF offspring at 10 days of age, and 107% greater at 3 mo of age, compared to the values obtained at birth. The HF offspring had a beta cell mass (BCM)/PM ratio 54% lower than SC offspring at birth. However, HF offspring displayed a 146% increase in the BCM/PM ratio at 10 days of age, and 112% increase at 3 months of age than values at birth. A 3 mo of age, the HF offspring showed a greater OGTT and higher levels of than SC offspring. In conclusion, a maternal HF diet consumed during the preconceptional period and throughout the gestational and lactational periods in mice results in dramatic alterations in the pancreata of the offspring.
Blood pressure and heart rate variability complexity analysis in pregnant women with hypertension.; BACKGROUND: In this work, we perform a comparative analysis of blood pressure and heart rate variability complexity during pregnancy between normal, hypertensive, and preeclamptic women. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 563 short electrocardiographic (10 min) records were obtained from 217 pregnant women (135 normal, 55 hypertensive, and 27 preeclamptic) during several gestational ages in sitting position. We used a mixed unbalanced model for the longitudinal statistical analysis and besides the conventional spectral analysis, we applied Lempel-Ziv complexity, sample entropy, approximated entropy, and detrended fluctuation analysis in the complexity measurement. CONCLUSIONS: The obtained results revealed significant differences between pathological and normal states with important considerations related to pregnancy adaptability and evolution as well as the relationship of complexity and blood pressure with factors such as maternal age, familial history of diabetes or hypertension, and parity.
Maternal Diet, Metabolic State, and Inflammatory Response Exert Unique and Long-Lasting Influences on Offspring Behavior in Non-Human Primates.; Nutritional status influences brain health and gestational exposure to metabolic disorders (e.g. obesity and diabetes) increases the risk of neuropsychiatric disorders. The aim of the present study was to further investigate the role of maternal Western-style diet (WSD), metabolic state, and inflammatory factors in the programming of Japanese macaque offspring behavior. Utilizing structural equation modeling, we investigated the relationships between maternal diet, prepregnancy adiposity, third trimester insulin response, and plasma cytokine levels on 11-month-old offspring behavior. Maternal WSD was associated with greater reactive and ritualized anxiety in offspring. Maternal adiposity and third trimester macrophage-derived chemokine (MDC) exerted opposing effects on offspring high-energy outbursts. Elevated levels of this behavior were associated with low maternal MDC and increased prepregnancy adiposity. This is the first study to show that maternal MDC levels influence offspring behavior. We found no evidence suggesting maternal peripheral inflammatory response mediated the effect of maternal diet and metabolic state on aberrant offspring behavior. Additionally, the extent of maternal metabolic impairment differentially influenced chemokine response. Elevated prepregnancy adiposity suppressed third trimester chemokines, while obesity-induced insulin resistance augmented peripheral chemokine levels. WSD also directly increased maternal interleukin-12. This is the first non-human primate study to delineate the effects of maternal diet and metabolic state on gestational inflammatory environment and subsequent offspring behavior. Our findings give insight to the complex mechanisms by which diet, metabolic state, and inflammation during pregnancy exert unique influences on offspring behavioral regulation.
Lifetime Psychosocial Stress Exposure Associated with Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) complicate 5 to 10% of all pregnancies and are a major cause of pregnancy-related morbidity. Exposure to psychosocial stress has been associated with systemic inflammation and adverse birth outcomes in pregnant women. Thus, it is probable that psychosocial stress and inflammation play a role in the development of HDP. The primary objective of this analysis was to determine if a woman's lifetime psychosocial stress exposure was associated with an increased risk of HDP. Additionally, we examined whether serum inflammation was an underlying biological mediator for this relationship. STUDY DESIGN: A multisite prospective study was conducted in a sociodemographically diverse cohort of 647 pregnant women. At a study visit between 12 and 20(6/7) weeks' gestation, maternal psychosocial stress was assessed with six validated assessments and inflammation was measured via log-transformed serum concentrations of interferon-γ, interleukin (IL)-10, IL-13, IL-6, IL-8, and tumor necrosis factor-α. A composite stress score was calculated for each participant from the six stress assessments. The diagnosis of HDP was abstracted from the medical record and was defined as the presence of gestational hypertension after 20 weeks of pregnancy and/or preeclampsia. The association between composite stress and HDP was determined using binary logistic regression. Inflammation, using the six inflammatory biomarkers, was tested as a potential mediator between stress and HDP. RESULTS: Participants with higher composite stress scores were more likely to develop HDP (odds ratio [OR]: 1.50, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.06-2.12). When adjusted for known risk modifiers, including maternal age, race/ethnicity, parity, pre-pregnancy body mass index, diabetes, chronic hypertension, and smoking during pregnancy, the risk remained unchanged (OR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.03-2.20). No mediation effect by inflammation was observed. CONCLUSION: Independent of known risk factors, women exposed to greater composite stress burden across the life course are at increased risk of developing HDP. KEY POINTS: · This study was conducted to determine if women with high levels of psychosocial stress have differences in risk for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP).. · Independent of known risk factors, women with increased lifetime psychosocial burden are at higher risk for HDP.. · A model that captures multiple domains of life stress may better predict HDP than a unimodal stress assessment..
A review of guidelines for use of growth hormone in pediatric and transition patients.; Growth hormone (GH) is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in pediatric patients with disorders of growth failure or short stature and in adults with growth hormone deficiency (GHD) and HIV/AIDS wasting and cachexia. For pediatric patients, guidelines for the use of GH have been developed by several organizations that have identified specific criteria for initiating GH therapy for each FDA-approved indication. Guidelines for adults have also been developed and include recommendations for transition (adolescent) patients with GHD. These patients are often treated with GH as children but may require continued treatment as young adults to attain full skeletal mineralization and improve cardiovascular risk factors. Adult and pediatric guidelines are supported by efficacy and safety studies, which show that, when started at an early age, GH treatment can increase growth velocity and that GH is safe and well-tolerated. We summarize the guidelines that are available for all FDA-approved indications among pediatric and transition patients. Adherence to these guidelines will help to ensure that patients with disorders of growth failure or short stature receive the necessary therapy to increase linear growth and transition smoothly to healthy adulthood.
Association of Elective and Emergency Cesarean Delivery With Early Childhood Overweight at 12 Months of Age.; IMPORTANCE: Global cesarean delivery (CD) rates have more than doubled over the past 2 decades, with an increasing contribution from elective CDs. Cesarean delivery has been linked to early childhood overweight and obesity, but limited studies have examined elective and emergency CDs separately. OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether elective or emergency CD was associated with risk of early childhood overweight. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: Data were drawn from the Growing Up in Singapore Toward Healthy Outcomes (GUSTO) study, an ongoing prospective mother-child birth cohort study. Participants were pregnant women aged 18 years or older with homogeneous parental ethnic background in their first trimester recruited between June 2009 and September 2010 (n = 1237) at 2 major public hospitals in Singapore. Those with type 1 diabetes or undergoing chemotherapy or psychotropic drug treatment were excluded. Data analysis commenced in October 2017. EXPOSURES: Delivery mode obtained from clinical records. Elective and emergency CD examined separately against vaginal delivery as reference. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Body mass index-for-age z scores at age 12 months calculated based on 2006 World Health Organization Child Growth Standards from infant weight and recumbent crown-heel length measurements taken between December 2010 and April 2012. High body mass index status at risk of overweight was defined as a z score of more than 1 SD and less than or equal to 2 SDs. Overweight was defined as a z score of more than 2 SDs. RESULTS: Among 727 infants analyzed (51.2% [372] male), 30.5% (222) were born via CD, of which 33.3% (74) were elective. Prevalence of at risk of overweight and overweight at age 12 months was 12.2% (89) and 2.3% (17), respectively. Elective CD was significantly associated with at risk of overweight or overweight at age 12 months after adjusting for maternal ethnicity, age, education, parity, body mass index, antenatal smoking, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and sex-adjusted birth weight-for-gestational age (odds ratio, 2.05; 95% CI, 1.08-3.90; P = .03). The association persisted after further adjustment for intrapartum antibiotics and first 6 months infant feeding, 2 potential mediators of early childhood overweight and obesity (odds ratio, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.05-3.89; P = .04). No significant associations were found for emergency CD. Analysis with multiple imputation for missing covariates yielded similar results. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Choice of delivery mode may influence risk of early childhood overweight. Clinicians are encouraged to discuss potential long-term implications of elective CD on child metabolic outcomes with patients who intend to have children.
Molecular form and concentration of serum α(2)-macroglobulin in diabetes.; α(2)-Macroglobulin is a highly abundant serum protein involved in the development of atherosclerosis and cardiac hypertrophy. However, its circulating molecular form and exact concentrations in human health/diseases are not known. Blue native-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis of human serum was used to confirm the native conformation of α(2)-macroglobulin. We created an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay suitable for quantifying its circulating molecular form and undertook a cross-sectional study to measure its serum levels in 248 patients with diabetes mellitus and 59 healthy volunteers. The predominant circulating molecular form of α(2)-macroglobulin was the tetramer, whereas its dimer was detectable in patients with high serum levels of α(2)-macroglobulin. The serum α(2)-macroglobulin concentration was not associated with glycated hemoglobin or any other glycemic variable as evaluated from 48-h continuous glucose monitoring, but showed close correlation with left ventricular posterior wall thickness, carotid artery intima-media thickness, urinary albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV). Multivariate analysis revealed only the ACR and baPWV to be independent variables influencing serum levels of α(2)-macroglobulin. Thus, an increased ACR and baPWV are associated with higher serum concentrations of α(2)-macroglobulin, and the latter may contribute to the mechanism by which albuminuria increases the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases.
Assisted reproductive technologies: medical safety issues in the older woman.; Abstract Previous study has shown that in the United States, most maternal deaths and severe obstetric complications due to chronic disease are potentially preventable through improved medical care before conception. Many women who need assisted reproductive technology (ART) because of infertility are older than the average pregnant woman. Risks for such chronic diseases as obesity, diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and malignancy greatly increase with maternal age. Chronic illness increases the risk of the in vitro fertilization (IVF) procedure and is also associated with increased obstetric risk and even death. The objective of this review is to outline the potential risks for older women who undergo ART procedures and pregnancy and to characterize guidelines for evaluation before enrollment in ART programs. A PubMed search revealed that very few studies have related to pre-ART medical evaluation. Therefore, we suggest a pre-ART medical assessment, comparable to the recommendations of the American Heart Association before noncompetitive physical activity and the American Society of Anesthesiologists before elective surgery. This assessment should include a thorough medical questionnaire and medical examination. Further evaluation and treatment should follow to ensure the safety of ART procedures and of ensuing pregnancies.
Closing the quality gap: revisiting the state of the science (vol. 3: quality improvement interventions to address health disparities).; OBJECTIVE: This review evaluates the effectiveness of quality improvement (QI) strategies in reducing disparities in health and health care. DATA SOURCES: We identified papers published in English between 1983 and 2011 from the MEDLINE® database, the Cumulative Index of Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), Web of Science Social Science Index, and PsycINFO. REVIEW METHODS: All abstracts and full-text articles were dually reviewed. Studies were eligible if they reported data on effectiveness of QI interventions on processes or health outcomes in the United States such that the impact on a health disparity could be measured. The review focused on the following clinical conditions: breast cancer, colorectal cancer, diabetes, heart failure, hypertension, coronary artery disease, asthma, major depressive disorder, cystic fibrosis, pneumonia, pregnancy, and end-stage renal disease. It assessed health disparities associated with race or ethnicity, socioeconomic status, insurance status, sexual orientation, health literacy/numeracy, and language barrier. We evaluated the risk of bias of individual studies and the overall strength of the body of evidence based on risk of bias, consistency, directness, and precision. RESULTS: Nineteen papers, representing 14 primary research studies, met criteria for inclusion. All but one of the studies incorporated multiple components into their QI approach. Patient education was part of most interventions (12 of 14), although the specific approach differed substantially across the studies. Ten of the studies incorporated self-management; this would include, for example, teaching individuals with diabetes to check their blood sugar regularly. Most (8 of 14) included some sort of provider education, which may have focused on the clinical issue or on raising awareness about disparities affecting the target population. Studies evaluated the effect of these strategies on disparities in the prevention or treatment of breast or colorectal cancer, cardiovascular disease, depression, or diabetes. Overall, QI interventions were not shown to reduce disparities. Most studies have focused on racial or ethnic disparities, with some targeted interventions demonstrating greater effect in racial minorities--specifically, supporting individuals in tracking their blood pressure at home to reduce blood pressure and collaborative care to improve depression care. In one study, the effect of a language-concordant breast cancer screening intervention was helpful in promoting mammography in Spanish-speaking women. For some depression care outcomes, the collaborative care model was more effective in less-educated individuals than in those with more education and in women than in men. CONCLUSIONS: The literature on QI interventions generally and their ability to improve health and health care is large. Whether those interventions are effective at reducing disparities remains unclear. This report should not be construed to assess the general effectiveness of QI in the health care setting; rather, QI has not been shown specifically to reduce known disparities in health care or health outcomes. In a few instances, some increased effect is seen in disadvantaged populations; these studies should be replicated and the interventions studied further as having potential to address disparities.
A retrospective review of 61 patients with antiphospholipid syndrome. Analysis of factors influencing recurrent thrombosis.; BACKGROUND: Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is a disorder of recurrent venous or arterial thrombosis, pregnancy losses, and thrombocytopenia. Recurrent thrombosis has particularly adverse effects on patients prognosis. The factors that influence recurrence and management techniques that prevent these events remain controversial. To add further insight regarding predisposing factors and the prevention of thrombotic recurrence, 61 well-characterized patients with APS were followed up for a median time of 77 months. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was conducted in which the following factors were examined to determine their influence on thrombotic recurrence: primary vs secondary syndrome; the presence of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, or smoking; patient age, sex, and race; pregnancy and oral contraceptives use; and treatment with warfarin sodium, warfarin plus aspirin, aspirin alone, prednisone, or no treatment. RESULTS: There was no difference between patients with primary and secondary APS with respect to recurrent arterial (55% vs 38%, respectively) or recurrent venous (47% vs 50%, respectively) thrombotic events. In all patients with APS, white race (P = .02) was associated with recurrent arterial events. Venous thrombosis occurred during pregnancy or in the postpartum period in 16 (30%) of 53 women and in 8 women taking oral contraceptives. Recurrent arterial and venous thromboses were significantly decreased with prophylactic warfarin use when compared with prednisone use or no treatment. Recurrences were infrequent in patients with prothrombin ratios of 1.5 to 2.0. CONCLUSIONS: Treatment with warfarin was most effective in preventing recurrent arterial and venous thrombosis. Pregnancy and the use of oral contraceptives or prednisone may also influence recurrence.
ABCB1 expression is increased in human first trimester placenta from pregnant women classified as overweight or obese.; Obesity has become a global health challenge also affecting reproductive health. In pregnant women, obesity increases the risk of complications such as preterm birth, macrosomia, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia. Moreover, obesity is associated with long-term adverse effects for the offspring, including increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and neurodevelopmental difficulties. The underlying mechanisms are far from understood, but placental function is essential for pregnancy outcome. Transporter proteins P-glycoprotein (P-gp) and Breast Cancer Resistance Protein (BCRP) are important for trans-placental transport of endogenous substances like lipids and cortisol, a key hormone in tissue maturation. They also hold a protective function protecting the fetus from xenobiotics (e.g. pharmaceuticals). Animal studies suggest that maternal nutritional status can affect expression of placental transporters, but little is known about the effect on the human placenta, especially in early pregnancy. Here, we investigated if overweight and obesity in pregnant women altered mRNA expression of ABCB1 encoding P-gp or ABCG2 encoding BCRP in first trimester human placenta. With informed consent, 75 first trimester placental samples were obtained from women voluntarily seeking surgical abortion (< gestational week 12) (approval no.: 20060063). Villous samples (average gestational age 9.35 weeks) were used for qPCR analysis. For a subset (n = 38), additional villi were snap-frozen for protein analysis. Maternal BMI was defined at the time of termination of pregnancy. Compared to women with BMI 18.5-24.9 kg/m(2) (n = 34), ABCB1 mRNA expression was significantly increased in placenta samples from women classified as overweight (BMI 25-29.9 kg/m(2), n = 18) (p = 0.040) and women classified as obese (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2), n = 23) (p = 0.003). Albeit P-gp expression did not show statistically significant difference between groups, the effect of increasing BMI was the same in male and female pregnancies. To investigate if the P-gp increase was compensated, we determined the expression of ABCG2 which was unaffected by maternal obesity (p = 0.291). Maternal BMI affects ABCB1 but not ABCG2 mRNA expression in first trimester human placenta. Further studies of early placental function are needed to understand how the expression of placental transport proteins is regulated by maternal factors such as nutritional status and determine the potential consequences for placental-fetal interaction.
No. 367-2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity throughout Pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: The objective is to provide guidance for pregnant women, and obstetric care and exercise professionals, on prenatal physical activity. OUTCOMES: The outcomes evaluated were maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality during and following pregnancy. EVIDENCE: Literature was retrieved through searches of Medline, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus and Web of Science Core Collection, CINAHL Plus with Full-text, Child Development & Adolescent Studies, ERIC, Sport Discus, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Trip Database from database inception up to January 6, 2017. Primary studies of any design were eligible, except case studies. Results were limited to English, Spanish, or French language materials. Articles related to maternal physical activity during pregnancy reporting on maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality were eligible for inclusion. The quality of evidence was rated using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology. VALUES: The Guidelines Consensus Panel solicited feedback from end-users (obstetric care providers, exercise professionals, researchers, policy organizations, and pregnant and postpartum women). The development of this guideline followed the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research Evaluation (AGREE) II instrument. BENEFITS, HARMS, AND COSTS: The benefits of prenatal physical activity are moderate, and no harms were identified; therefore, the difference between desirable and undesirable consequences (net benefit) is expected to be moderate. The majority of stakeholders and end-users indicated that following these recommendations would be feasible, acceptable, and equitable. Following these recommendations is likely to require minimal resources from both individual and health systems perspectives. PREAMBLE: This guideline provide evidence-based recommendations regarding physical activity throughout pregnancy in the promotion of maternal, fetal, and neonatal health. In the absence of contraindications (see later for a detailed list), following this guideline is associated with: (1) fewer newborn complications (i.e., large for gestational age); and (2) maternal health benefits (i.e., decreased risk of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, Caesarean section, instrumental delivery, urinary incontinence, excessive gestational weight gain, and depression; improved blood glucose; decreased total gestational weight gain; and decreased severity of depressive symptoms and lumbopelvic pain). Physical activity is not associated with miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal death, preterm birth, preterm/prelabour rupture of membranes, neonatal hypoglycemia, low birth weight, birth defects, induction of labour, or birth complications. In general, more physical activity (frequency, duration, and/or volume) is associated with greater benefits. However, evidence was not identified regarding the safety or additional benefit of exercising at levels significantly above the recommendations. Prenatal physical activity should be considered a front-line therapy for reducing the risk of pregnancy complications and enhancing maternal physical and mental health. For pregnant women not currently meeting this guideline, a progressive adjustment toward them is recommended. Previously active women may continue physical activity throughout pregnancy. Women may need to modify physical activity as pregnancy progresses. There may be periods when following the guideline is not possible due to fatigue and/or discomforts of pregnancy; women are encouraged to do what they can and to return to following the recommendations when they are able. This guideline were informed by an extensive systematic review of the literature, expert opinion, end-user consultation and considerations of feasibility, acceptability, costs, and equity. RECOMMENDATIONS: The specific recommendations in this 2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity Throughout Pregnancy are provided below with corresponding statements indicating the quality of the evidence informing the recommendations and the strength of the recommendations (explanations follow). CONTRAINDICATIONS: All pregnant women can participate in physical activity throughout pregnancy with the exception of those who have contraindications (listed below). Women with absolute contraindications may continue their usual activities of daily living but should not participate in more strenuous activities. Women with relative contraindications should discuss the advantages and disadvantages of moderate-to-vigorous intensity physical activity with their obstetric care provider prior to participation. Absolute contraindications to exercise are the following: Relative contraindications to exercise are the following: STRENGTH OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS: The GRADE system was utilized to grade the strength of the recommendations. Recommendations are rated as strong or weak based on the: (1) balance between benefits and harms; (2) overall quality of the evidence; (3) importance of outcomes (i.e., values and preferences of pregnant women); (4) use of resources (i.e., cost); (5) impact on health equity; (6) feasibility, and (7) acceptability. Strong recommendation: Most or all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action. Weak recommendation: Not all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action; there is a need to consider other factors such as the individual's circumstances, preferences, values, resources available, or setting. Consultation with an obstetric care provider may assist in decision-making. QUALITY OF THE EVIDENCE: The quality of the evidence refers to the level of confidence in the evidence and ranges from very low to high. High quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is very confident that the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is close to the true effect. Moderate quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is moderately confident in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be close to the true effect, but there is a possibility that it is substantially different. Low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel's confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is limited; the estimate of the effect may be substantially different from the true effect. Very low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel has very little confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be substantially different from the true effect. (a)This was a weak recommendation because the quality of evidence was low, and the net benefit between women who were physically active and those who were not was small. (b)This was a strong recommendation because, despite low quality evidence supporting physical activity during pregnancy for women categorized as overweight or obese, there was evidence from randomized controlled trials demonstrating an improvement in gestational weight gain and blood glucose. (c)Moderate-intensity physical activity is intense enough to noticeably increase heart rate; a person can talk but not sing during activities of this intensity. Examples of moderate-intensity physical activity include brisk walking, water aerobics, stationary cycling (moderate effort), resistance training, carrying moderate loads, and household chores (e.g., gardening, washing windows). (d)This was a weak recommendation because urinary incontinence was was not rated as a "critical" outcome and the evidence was low quality. (e)This was a weak recommendation because: (1) the quality of evidence was very low; and (2) although harms were investigated there was limited available information to inform the balance of benefits and harms. This recommendation was primarily based on expert opinion.
Offspring birth weight and cardiovascular mortality among parents: the role of cardiovascular risk factors.; An inverse association between offspring birth weight (BW) and higher risk of parental cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality and morbidity has been reported. Shared environmental, genetic and intrauterine factors may be responsible for explaining these associations. We studied the role of parental CVD risk factors in the association between offspring BW and CVD mortality among mothers and fathers. All births registered in Medical Birth Registry Norway (1967-2012) were linked to three health surveys, National Educational Registry and Cause of Death Registry. Number of births with information of parental CVD risk factors available for the analyses was 1,006,557 (520,670 for mothers and 485,887 for fathers). Cox proportional hazards regression models were used, following CVD deaths in parents from 1974 to 2012. An inverse association between offspring BW and CVD mortality was observed among both parents: hazard ratio 1.60 (1.44-1.75) for mothers and 1.16 (1.10-1.23) for fathers. Among mothers, adjustment for smoking, triglycerides and diabetes reduced the risk to 1.36 (1.25-1.52), 1.57 (1.43-1.73) and 1.58 (1.43-1.79), respectively. Adjustment for diastolic blood pressure (DBP) and systolic blood pressure (SBP) both reduced the risk to 1.53 (1.37-1.66). Among fathers, adjustments for smoking, DBP, SBP reduced the risk to 1.08 (1.02-1.15), 1.13 (1.06-1.19) and 1.14 (1.08-1.22), respectively. Triglycerides and diabetes both reduced the risk to 1.15 (1.09-1.12). Our results indicate that shared environmental factors might be important in the association. A stronger association in mothers suggest that intrauterine factors also are at play.
Deaths: Leading Causes for 2020.; Objectives-This report presents final 2020 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race and Hispanic origin, and sex. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements "Deaths: Final Data for 2020," the National Center for Health Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. Methods-Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2020. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. Race and Hispanicorigin data are based on the Office of Management and Budget's 1997 standards for reporting race and Hispanic origin. Results-In 2020, many of the 10 leading causes of death changed rank order due to the emergence of COVID-19 as a leading cause of death in the United States. The 10 leading causes of death in 2020 were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; COVID-19; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Alzheimer disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; and Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis. They accounted for 74.1% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, race and Hispanic origin, and sex. Leading causes of infant death for 2020 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage.
Association of Serum Magnesium with Insulin Indices in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.; Introduction: Magnesium has a direct impact on glucose metabolism since it is a cofactor for numerous energy-metabolizing enzymes. Hypomagnesemia has been linked to poor glycemic control and a range of diabetes-related long-term complications. This study aimed to assess the association between blood magnesium levels and insulin sensitivity indices in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Material and methods:Two hundred newly diagnosed T2DM patients aged over 40 years were recruited after excluding those with a history of heart failure, kidney illness, liver disease, hypothyroidism, ascites, pregnancy, tumors, and complications such as diabetic ketoacidosis. Fasting glucose, serum magnesium, serum insulin, serum urea and creatinine were measured. Patients were divided into two groups based on their serum magnesium levels. Results:There were no age or sex differences between the subjects of the two groups. Participants in the group with low magnesium had significantly high fasting blood sugar (FBS), postprandial blood sugar (PPBS), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), serum insulin, homeostasis model assessment-estimated insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (P < 0.001). The multivariable logistic regression analysis showed significant associations with PPBS [odds ratio (OR) 0.98 (95% CI 0.97-0.99)], HbA1c [OR 0.05 (95% CI=0.005-0.55)] and creatinine [OR 0.004 (95% CI=0.00-0.074)]. Correlation statistics showed a negative correlation between magnesium and PPBS (r =-0.204), HOMA-IR (r = -0.819) and creatinine (r = -0.151). Conclusion:Serum magnesium levels have a negative correlation with FBS and PPBS, as well as HOMA-IR. It may well be essential to include serum magnesium level as a regular assessment in patients with diabetes mellitus.
[Insulin therapy in type 1 diabetes for and during pregnancy: by which means and for which objectives?].; Clinical data in the 1980s showed a close relationship between the conceptional glycated hemoglobin and the occurrence of spontaneous early abortions and fetal malformations. Blood glucose level during pregnancy was similarly correlated with the risk of fetal macrosomia, due to significant links between birthweight, fetal hyperinsulinemia and mean maternal blood glucose. Tight blood glucose control from conception to term was shown to be able to lower the risk of fetal malformations and perinatal mortality to that of the offspring of a non diabetic mother. Prerequisites include: 1) contraception until tight blood glucose control, 2) close partnership between diabetologist and obstetrician, 3) assessment of diabetic complications. Seldom, coronary heart disease or advanced nephropathy contraindicate pregnancy. Uncontrolled proliferative or pre-proliferative retinopathy, or macular edema, are temporary contraindications to pregnancy. Laser photocoagulation must then be performed before tightening blood glucose control. A complete review of diabetes management is associated with therapeutic intensification. Blood glucose objectives allow as limits: 70 to 100 mg/dl before meals, up to 140 mg/dl one hour and 120 mg/dl two hours after meals. HbA1c allowing conception is close to 7%. Blood glucose monitoring requires 6-7 measurements per day. The most efficient insulin regimens include 3 to 4 shots per day. The distribution between regular and NPH or lente insulins is adapted individually. Lispro insulin, now appearing as safe, may be used to improve post-meal blood glucose control. Insulin pumps may be useful in case of late-night poor control or frequent hypoglycemic events. Patient acceptance of this option is unavoidable to obtain a benefit. Preconceptional insulin therapy must be maintained until pregnancy term. Follow-up must be intensified after twenty fourth week. Labor and delivery, cesarean section, fetal maturation by corticosteroids and use of i.v. betamimetic drugs require continuous i.v. insulin delivery. The continuation of intensive insulin management in post-partum is encouraged.
Development and validation of a nomogram to predict intracranial haemorrhage in neonates.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to establish and validate a Susceptibility-weighted imaging (SWI)-based predictive model for neonatal intracranial haemorrhage (ICH). METHODS: A total of 1190 neonates suspected of ICH after cranial ultrasound screening in a tertiary hospital were retrospectively enrolled. The neonates were randomly divided into a training cohort and a internal validation cohort by a ratio of 7:3. Univariate analysis was used to analyze the correlation between risk factors and ICH, and the prediction model of neonatal ICH was established by multivariate logistic regression based on minimum Akaike information criterion (AIC). The nomogram was externally validated in another tertiary hospital of 91 neonates. The performance of the nomogram was evaluated in terms of discrimination by the area under the curve (AUC), calibration by the calibration curve and clinical net benefit by the decision curve analysis (DCA). RESULTS: Univariate analysis and min AIC-based multivariate logistic regression screened the following variables to establish a predictive model for neonatal ICH: Platelet count (PLT), gestational diabetes, mode of delivery, amniotic fluid contamination, 1-min Apgar score. The AUC was 0.715, 0.711, and 0.700 for the training cohort, internal validation cohort, and external validation cohort, respectively. The calibration curve showed a good correlation between the nomogram prediction and actual observation for ICH. DCA showed the nomogram was clinically useful. CONCLUSION: We developed and validated an easy-to-use nomogram to predict ICH for neonates. This model could support individualized risk assessment and healthcare.
Endothelial factors in the pathogenesis and treatment of chronic kidney disease Part II: Role in disease conditions: a joint consensus statement from the European Society of Hypertension Working Group on Endothelin and Endothelial Factors and the Japanese Society of Hypertension.; : After examining in Part I the general mechanisms of endothelial cell injury in the kidney, the Working Group on Endothelin and Endothelial Factors of the European Society of Hypertension and the Japanese Society of Hypertension will herein review current knowledge on the role of endothelial dysfunction in multiple disease conditions that affect the kidney, including diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, solid organ transplantation, hyperhomocysteinemia and antiangiogenic therapy in cancer. The few available randomized controlled clinical trials specifically designed to evaluate strategies for correcting endothelial dysfunction in patients with hypertension and/or chronic kidney disease are also discussed alongside their cardiovascular and renal outcomes.
Commercial Air And High-Altitude Travel by Pregnant Women: A scientific review commissioned by the European Board and College of Obstetrics and Gynaecology (EBCOG).; Air travel and long distance travel may have adverse effect on the pregnancy-induced physiology and these effects are more marked among those with pre-existing medical conditions. There are significantly increased risks of deep venous thrombosis, inflight transmission of infections, preterm labour, and other significant obstetric and medical complications that may be exacerbated by the flight and may require emergency care. Transient changes in cardiotocographic tracings during third trimester of pregnancy have been reported following air travel. It has been suggested that pregnant members of the flight crew may be at a slightly higher risk of spontaneous miscarriages. There are no contra-indications for healthy pregnant women on air travel. Those with underlying medical conditions should only embark on long distance travel following consultation with their obstetrician. Pregnant women should be advised to familiarise themselves with the healthcare system in the country/region they will be visiting and draw up an emergency plan of how they will contact the healthcare system at their destination.
[Health status of physicians in Hungary: a representative study].; BACKGROUND: A growing body of evidence in the international literature suggests that the prevalence of psychiatric morbidity including suicide is high among physicians. In addition, data published by Hungarian researchers in the early 1990-ies showed high prevalence of somatic morbidity in this population. Based on these data, it is hypothesised that the prevalence of psychiatric and somatic morbidity is higher among physicians in Hungary compared to the white collar population. AIMS: To assess the psychiatric and somatic health status of physicians as well as the prevalence of role conflict among female physicians in Hungary using a representative sample. METHODS: Data for this epidemiological study were collected from 407 physicians using questionnaires. 1752 white collar female and male workers from a representative survey (Hungarostudy 2002) served as controls. RESULTS: It is found that the prevalence of chronic somatic morbidity among both female and male physicians was significantly higher than that in the respective control groups. The prevalence of malignancies, diabetes, renal impairment, hypertension, myocardial infarction and cardiovascular diseases, and gastrointestinal ulcers was higher among male physicians compared to control. Female physicians exhibited higher prevalence of malignant diseases, hypertension, myocardial infarction, bronchial asthma, other pulmonary and cardiovascular diseases, allergies, gastrointestinal diseases including ulcer, ophthalmologic and gynaecological disorders compared with the normative population. This study is the first in Hungary to report a significantly higher prevalence of maternal reproductive morbidity including miscarriage, therapeutic termination of pregnancy, high-risk pregnancy among female physicians compared to women in the control group. CONCLUSIONS: Correlation analyses confirmed a significant relationship between high prevalence of morbidity and long working hours (> 8 hours), severe anxiety and stress, and role conflict.
Anomalous inferior and superior venae cavae with oculoauriculovertebral defect: review of Goldenhar complex and malformations of left-right asymmetry.; We observed a girl with an interrupted, left inferior vena cava with hemiazygous continuation, bilateral superior venae cavae, heart defects, and sacral agenesis. She had macrostomia and bilateral ear tags and pits, as in oculoauriculovertebral defect. Maternal diabetes was present. The combination, which we call OAV-heterotaxia complex, supports the view that some cases of oculoauriculovertebral defect may be part of a midline field defect of blastogenesis.
Studies of kidney and muscle biopsy specimens from identical twins discordant for type I diabetes mellitus.; To distinguish metabolic from genetic factors in the development of microangiopathy in diabetes, we evaluated biopsy specimens of kidney and quadriceps muscle from seven pairs of identical twins who were discordant for Type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus. Two of the diabetic patients had clinical diabetic nephropathy, including hypertension, marked albuminuria, and a substantially reduced creatinine clearance; the other five had normal renal function and only minor clinical indications of complications. All the twins of the diabetic patients had normal glomerular basement membrane widths and normal fractional volumes of the glomerular mesangium. Values for glomerular basement membrane width, tubular basement membrane width, and mesangial volume in each diabetic twin exceeded the values in the respective sibling (P less than or equal to 0.0035), even if the value in the diabetic twin lay within established normal ranges. Values for muscle capillary basement membrane width in the diabetic twins did not differ from those in their siblings (P = 0.5). Our observations suggest that the metabolic abnormalities of diabetes are necessary, if not sufficient, for the development of glomerular abnormalities. We also conclude that in diabetic patients, alterations in muscle capillary basement membrane width do not necessarily accompany pathologic lesions in the kidney.
Raised saturated-fat intake worsens vascular function in virgin and pregnant offspring of streptozotocin-diabetic rats.; Adult offspring of severely diabetic pregnant rats are insulin resistant and display cardiovascular dysfunction. When pregnant they develop mild hyperglycaemia. Diets high in saturated fat have been implicated in the development of cardiovascular disease and vascular dysfunction. In the present study we have determined vascular function in small mesenteric arteries from offspring of normal (OC) and diabetic (OD) rats fed standard chow and offspring of diabetic rats fed a diet high in saturated fats (OD-HF) from weaning to adulthood, and throughout their subsequent pregnancies. OD rats displayed an increased sensitivity to noradrenaline (P < 0.05) and impaired sensitivity to the endothelium-dependent vasodilator, acetylcholine. The component of acetylcholine-induced relaxation attributable to endothelium-derived hyperpolarizing factor was reduced in OD-HF rats. Pregnant OD rats also demonstrated impaired maximum relaxation to acetylcholine (pregnant OD rats v. pregnant OC rats P < 0.05). In pregnant OD-HF rats noradrenaline sensitivity was enhanced and endothelium-dependent relaxation further reduced (pregnant OD-HF rats v. pregnant OC rats P < 0.001). The isoprostane, 8-epi-prostaglandin F2alpha, a marker of oxidative stress, was increased in pregnant OD rats (pregnant OD rats v. pregnant OC rats P
Risk of future cardiovascular disease in women with prior preeclampsia: a focus group study.; BACKGROUND: A history of preeclampsia is a risk factor for the future development of hypertension and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The objective of this study was to assess, in women with prior preeclampsia, the level of knowledge regarding the link between preeclampsia and CVD, motivators for and barriers to lifestyle change and interest in a lifestyle modification program to decrease CVD risk following a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. METHODS: Twenty women with a history of preeclampsia participated in 5 phone-based focus groups. Focus groups were recorded, transcribed, and analyzed. Qualitative content analysis was used to identify common themes across focus groups. Consensus was reached on a representative set of themes describing the data. RESULTS: Women with prior preeclampsia were in general unaware of the link between preeclampsia and future CVD but eager to learn about this link and motivated to achieve a healthy lifestyle. Major perceived barriers to lifestyle change were lack of time, cost of healthy foods and family responsibilities. Perceived facilitators included knowledge of the link between preeclampsia and CVD, a desire to stay healthy, and creating a healthy home for their children. Women with prior preeclampsia were interested in the idea of a web-based program focused on lifestyle strategies to decrease CVD risk in women. CONCLUSIONS: Women with prior preeclampsia were eager to learn about the link between preeclampsia and CVD and to take steps to reduce CVD risk. A web-based program to help women with prior preeclampsia adopt a healthy lifestyle may be an appropriate strategy for this population.
Hypertensive Postpartum Admissions Among Women Without a History of Hypertension or Preeclampsia.; OBJECTIVE: To analyze risk factors, temporality, and outcomes for women readmitted postpartum for a hypertensive indication who did not have a hypertensive diagnosis during their delivery hospitalization. METHODS: The Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project's Nationwide Readmissions Database for 2010-2014 was used to evaluate risk for postpartum readmission for preeclampsia and hypertension within 60 days of discharge from a delivery hospitalization among women without these diagnoses during delivery in this cohort study. Obstetric, medical, demographic, and hospital factors associated with postpartum readmission were analyzed. Both unadjusted and adjusted analyses were performed. Risk was characterized as unadjusted and adjusted risk ratio with 95% CI. As a secondary outcome, risk for severe maternal morbidity during readmissions was also evaluated comparing women with and without hypertensive diagnoses during their delivery hospitalization. RESULTS: Among delivery hospitalizations without a hypertensive diagnosis at delivery, absolute rates of readmission within 60 days for a hypertensive indication were low, with one readmission occurring per 687 deliveries for all women. The rate rose to 1 in 498 among women 35-39 years of age, 1 in 337 for women 40-54, 1 in 601 for women with Medicaid, 1 in 506 for women with Medicare, 1 in 497 with cesarean delivery, 1 in 600 with postpartum hemorrhage, 1 in 455 and 1 in 378 for gestational and pregestational diabetes, respectively, 1 in 428 for asthma, 1 in 225 for chronic kidney disease, and 1 in 214 for lupus. For the secondary outcome, risk for severe maternal morbidity was higher for women without a hypertensive indication during their delivery compared with women with a diagnosis (12.1% vs 6.9%, P<.01). CONCLUSION: Risk for hypertensive postpartum readmissions for women without delivery-hospitalization preeclampsia or hypertension is low. Future comparative effectiveness and clinical research is indicated to determine whether earlier postpartum identification of elevated blood pressure followed by increased surveillance and counseling may further reduce risk.
Relationship of Glucose, C-peptide, Leptin, and BDNF in Maternal and Umbilical Vein Blood in Type-1 Diabetes.; The study aimed to determine the relationship between glucose, C-peptide, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), and leptin between mother and fetus and neonatal weight. METHODS: In the prospective observational cohort study, we included 66 women with type-1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). According to the z-score for neonatal weight, patients were divided into healthy-weight neonates (n = 42) and overweight neonates (n = 24). The maternal blood samples were taken during pregnancy and cesarean section when the umbilical vein blood sample was also withdrawn. The maternal vein sera were analyzed for fasting glucose, C-reactive protein (CRP), leptin, BDNF, TSH, FT3, and FT4. The umbilical vein sera were analyzed for glucose, C-peptide, leptin, TSH, thyroid-stimulating protein (FT3), free thyroxine (FT4), and BDNF concentration. The neonatologist measured the skinfold thickness on the third day of neonatal life. RESULTS: A strong correlation was confirmed between maternal and umbilical vein glucose concentration and maternal glucose and C-peptide in umbilical vein blood. A negative correlation was found between the concentration of BDNF in the umbilical vein and glucose in maternal blood. A strong correlation was seen between BMI and maternal blood leptin concentration, neonatal fat body mass, and umbilical vein blood leptin concentration. Higher BMI elevated BDNF, and TSH increase the odds for overweight neonates in the first trimester of pregnancy. Maternal higher leptin concentration in the first trimester decrease the odds of overweight neonates. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal glucose concentrations affect the fetus's glucose, C-peptide, and BDNF concentrations. Leptin levels increase in maternal blood due to increased body mass index, and in the neonate, fat body mass is responsible for increased leptin concentrations.
Maternal obesity increases the risk of metabolic disease and impacts renal health in offspring.; Obesity, together with insulin resistance, promotes multiple metabolic abnormalities and is strongly associated with an increased risk of chronic disease including type 2 diabetes (T2D), hypertension, cardiovascular disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). The incidence of obesity continues to rise in astronomical proportions throughout the world and affects all the different stages of the lifespan. Importantly, the proportion of women of reproductive age who are overweight or obese is increasing at an alarming rate and has potential ramifications for offspring health and disease risk. Evidence suggests a strong link between the intrauterine environment and disease programming. The current review will describe the importance of the intrauterine environment in the development of metabolic disease, including kidney disease. It will detail the known mechanisms of fetal programming, including the role of epigenetic modulation. The evidence for the role of maternal obesity in the developmental programming of CKD is derived mostly from our rodent models which will be described. The clinical implication of such findings will also be discussed.
Evaluation of Low-Molecular-Weight Heparin Treatment on First- and Second-Trimester Screening Test Results.; Background The serum markers used in first- and second-trimester screening tests can be affected by different causes such as smoking, infertility treatment, and the presence of diabetes mellitus, which should be considered by obstetricians when giving information to patients. Low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) has a critical importance in the prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis both in the antenatal and postnatal period. The aim of the current study is to investigate the effect of LMWH use on the first- and second-trimester screening results. Methods A retrospective analysis in our outpatient clinic between July 2018 and January 2021 of first- and second-trimester screening test results was conducted to assess the impact of LMWH treatment for patients with thrombophilia who started LMWH after pregnancy was detected were included. Test results were obtained as a multiple of median (MoM) combined with ultrasound measurements, maternal serum markers, and maternal age in addition to the nuchal translucency first-trimester test. Results The pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) MoM was lower and alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) and unconjugated estriol (uE3) MoMs were higher in patients treated with LMWH than in the control group (0.78 MoM vs 0.96 MoM; 1.00 MoM vs 0.97 MoM; and 0.89 MoM vs 0.76 MoM, respectively). Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG) levels did not differ between groups at either time point. Conclusions Treatment of pregnant women with LMWH for thrombophilia may change the MoM values of serum markers for both first- and second-trimester screening tests. Obstetricians should be aware of this when advising screening tests to thrombophilia patients and should consider offering fetal DNA tests for this group instead.
Abnormal umbilical cord insertions in singleton deliveries: placental histology and neonatal outcomes.; AIMS: This study aimed to identify any microscopic features associated with abnormal (membranous/velamentous or marginal) placental cord insertions and to analyse their adverse neonatal outcomes. METHODS: We retrospectively analysed the records-including pathological findings, clinical information and pregnancy outcomes-for 1060 singleton pregnancies, involving newborn delivered after 24 weeks of gestation. RESULTS: Marginal cord insertions were identified in 26.60% of cases and membranous cord insertions in 2.64%. Subchorionic vessel thrombus was more prevalent in marginal or membranous insertions (0.97%) than in normal cord insertions (0.27%) (p=0.129). Intervillous thrombi (13.73% vs 8.41%, p<0.05) and chorioamnionitis (8.53% vs 5.48%, p=0.089) were more prevalent in normal cord insertions. Premature rupture of membranes was significantly more commonly associated with abnormal (marginal 15.25% and membranous 17.86%) than with normal (9.87%) insertions (p<0.05). Pre-eclampsia was more common in the group with membranous cord insertions (7.14%) than in the other groups (marginal 0.35%; normal 0.80%) (p<0.05). Marginal and membranous placental cord insertions were associated with earlier gestational age at delivery and smaller fetuses than in the group with normal insertions. Intrauterine fetal demise, cardiac malformations and pregestational diabetes were also more common among cases of abnormal cord insertions. CONCLUSIONS: Subchorionic vessel thrombus and adverse pregnancy-related outcomes were more prevalent in cases of marginal/membranous cord insertion than for normal insertions.
Evidence for Accelerated Biological Aging in Young Adults with Prader-Willi Syndrome.; OBJECTIVE: Adults with Prader-Willi syndrome (PWS) are at increased risk of developing age-associated diseases early in life and, like in premature aging syndromes, aging might be accelerated. We investigated leukocyte telomere length (LTL), a marker of biological age, in young adults with PWS and compared LTL to healthy young adults of similar age. As all young adults with PWS were treated with growth hormone (GH), we also compared LTL in PWS subjects to GH-treated young adults born short for gestational age (SGA). DESIGN: Cross-sectional study in age-matched young adults; 47 with PWS, 135 healthy, and 75 born SGA. MEASUREMENTS: LTL measured by quantitative polymerase chain reaction, expressed as telomere/single copy gene ratio. RESULTS: Median (interquartile range) LTL was 2.6 (2.4-2.8) at a median (interquartile range) age of 19.2 (17.7-21.3) years in PWS, 3.1 (2.9-3.5) in healthy young adults and 3.1 (2.8-3.4) in the SGA group. Median LTL in PWS was significantly lower compared to both control groups (P < .01). In PWS, a lower LTL tended to be associated with a lower total IQ (r = 0.35, P = .08). There was no association between LTL and duration of GH treatment, cumulative GH dose, or several risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus or cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: Young adults with PWS have significantly shorter median LTL compared to age-matched healthy young adults and GH-treated young adults born SGA. The shorter telomeres might play a role in the premature aging in PWS, independent of GH. Longitudinal research is needed to determine the influence of LTL on aging in PWS.
Uric Acid: A Missing Link Between Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorders and Future Cardiovascular Disease?; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether women who had a hypertensive pregnancy disorder (HPD) have elevated uric acid concentrations decades after pregnancy as compared with women who had normotensive pregnancies. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The Genetic Epidemiology Network of Arteriopathy study measured uric acid concentrations in Hispanic (30%), non-Hispanic white (28%), and non-Hispanic black (42%) women (mean age, 60 ± 10 years). This cross-sectional study was conducted between July 1, 2000, and December 31, 2004. Hispanic participants were recruited from families with high rates of diabetes, whereas non-Hispanic participants were recruited from families with high rates of hypertension. This analysis compared uric acid concentrations in women with a history of normotensive (n = 1846) or hypertensive (n = 408) pregnancies by logistic regression. RESULTS: Women who had an HPD had higher uric acid concentrations (median, 5.7 mg/dL vs 5.3 mg/dL; P < .001) and were more likely to have uric acid concentrations above 5.5 mg/dL (54.4% vs 42.4%; P = .001) than were women who had normotensive pregnancies. These differences persisted after adjusting for traditional cardiovascular risk factors, comorbidities, and other factors that affect uric acid concentrations. A family-based subgroup analysis comparing uric acid concentrations in women who had an HPD (n = 308) and their parous sisters who had normotensive pregnancies (n = 250) gave similar results (median uric acid concentrations, 5.7 mg/dL vs 5.2 mg/dL, P = 0.02; proportion of women with uric acid concentrations > 5.5 mg/dL, 54.0% vs 40.3%, P < .001). CONCLUSION: Decades after pregnancy, women who had an HPD have higher uric acid concentrations. This effect does not appear to be explained by a familial predisposition to elevated uric acid concentrations.
Pattern of non-communicable diseases during pregnancy and their effect on feto-maternal outcome: A prospective observational study.; OBJECTIVE: To assess patterns of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) and pregnancy outcomes of women in a tertiary care hospital. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study, conducted over 1 year. All NCDs in women who delivered or aborted were studied. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were noted. RESULTS: In all, 1003 NCDs occurred in 894 women. Chronic hypertension was the commonest, involving 309 (30.8%) women. Others included cardiovascular (159, 15.9%), neurological (142, 14.2%), endocrine (115, 11.5%), autoimmune (76, 7.6%), chronic kidney (48, 4.8%), and chronic respiratory (43, 4.3%) diseases, psychiatric disorders (38, 3.8%), cancers (20, 2.0%), and chronic liver disease (18, 1.8%). Most (599, 67.0%) were diagnosed before pregnancy and 145 (16.2%), 81 (9.1%), and 69 (7.7%) were diagnosed in the first, second, and third trimesters, respectively. Maternal deaths occurred in 6 (0.7%) women and near miss in 19 (2.1%) women. Only 9 (1.5%) women with NCD diagnosed before pregnancy had maternal near miss or death, compared with 16 (5.4%) diagnosed during pregnancy (P < 0.001). Of live births, 281 (35.3%) were low birth weight, 49 (6.1%) were very low birth weight, and 24 (3.0%) were extremely low birth weight. CONCLUSION: Chronic hypertension was the commonest NCD, which along with cardiovascular and neurological disorders constituted around 60% of all NCDs. One-third of NCDs were initially diagnosed during pregnancy. Maternal morbidity was lower if NCDs were diagnosed before pregnancy.
Altered oscillation of Doppler-derived renal and renal interlobar venous flow velocities in hypertensive and diabetic patients.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Flow velocity oscillation rate (FVOR) of the renal interlobar vein has been reported to be decreased in patients with urinary obstruction or diabetic nephropathy, and increased in those with hypertension during pregnancy. To clarify the clinical role of the renal interlobar venous FVOR, we investigated the flow velocity patterns of the renal vessels in patients with hypertension (HT) and/or diabetes (DM). METHODS AND RESULTS: Pulsed-wave Doppler sonography was performed in 34 patients: 15 with HT, 10 with DM, and nine with both HT and DM (HT-DM). Each FVOR of the right and left interlobar veins was closely and positively correlated with the ipsilateral interlobar arterial resistive index (RI), especially in the HT group, but not with the estimated glomerular filtration rate. The right interlobar venous FVOR was decreased in the DM and HT-DM groups compared to the HT group. CONCLUSION: The renal interlobar venous FVOR is strongly influenced by the arterial RI in HT patients, and is reduced in DM patients without an obvious relationship with diabetic nephropathy. These findings should be noted for the clinical application of renal interlobar venous flow analysis.
Adequacy of prenatal care and neonatal mortality in infants born to mothers with and without antenatal high-risk conditions.; BACKGROUND: Previous studies have found that inadequate prenatal care was associated with increased neonatal mortality in the general pregnant women. AIMS: To examine the association between adequacy of prenatal care and neonatal mortality in the presence and absence of antenatal high-risk conditions. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of infants based on 1995-2000 vital statistics data in the USA. The relative risk for neonatal death associated with adequacy of prenatal care was estimated by multivariate logistic regressions with adjustment of confounding factors. RESULTS: Inadequate prenatal care was associated with increased neonatal mortality when pregnancies were complicated by anaemia, cardiac disease, lung disease, chronic hypertension, diabetes, renal disease, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and previous preterm/small-for-gestational-age birth. The observed association also existed in the absence of these antenatal high-risk conditions. Overutilisation of prenatal care was associated with increased risk of neonatal deaths in both the presence and the absence of antenatal high-risk conditions. When gestational age at delivery and birthweight were further adjusted, the observed association between inadequate prenatal care and neonatal mortality was not significant in pregnancies with various high-risk conditions. CONCLUSIONS: Inadequate prenatal care is associated with increased neonatal death in both the presence and the absence of antenatal high-risk conditions. The observed association between inadequate prenatal care and neonatal mortality may be mediated by increased risk of preterm delivery and low birthweight in these pregnancies. Overutilisation of prenatal care is associated with potential risks for fetal and neonatal development, leading to increased neonatal mortality.
DDAVP use during pregnancy: an analysis of its safety for mother and child.; Synthetic 1-deamino-8-D-arginine-vasopressin (DDAVP) is used in the management of diabetes insipidus (DI). We conducted a systematic literature review of DDAVP use during pregnancy, with particular attention to its safety for both mother and infant. Studies were identified through Ovid MEDLINE from 1976 to July 1997 using the combined terms "desmopressin," "DDAVP," and "pregnancy". Review articles and published letters were also explored. One hundred one articles were retrieved, of which 20 met all the inclusion criteria. Included in the 20 articles were 53 cases with the use of DDAVP for the management of DI. The therapeutic daily dose of DDAVP was approximately 29 micrograms intranasally (range 7.5-100 micrograms), with adequate DI control observed. Three of 14 women with sufficient information developed preeclampsia, a nonsignificant difference from the expected rate of 5 percent (the Fisher exact test, 2-P = .08). The mode of delivery was defined for 22 cases, with 16 uneventful vaginal births, and six cesarean delivery. There was no evidence of a drug interaction among the five women who received both DDAVP and intravenous oxytocin. Information was available on 49 live births born to DI mothers on DDAVP. The mean gestational age at delivery was 37.4 weeks (SD 1.3 weeks), with an estimated mean birth weight of 2963.8 gm (range 2000-4420 gm). Forty-three offspring were reported as healthy (event rate 87.8 percent; 95 percent CI 77.2-95.3 percent). Of the remaining six infants, one developed DI at 18 months of age; a second was under 2500 gm at birth, but survived; the third developed hypotonia and failure to thrive at 21 months, two others had Down syndrome; and the sixth died of severe cardiac anomalies. Similar data were seen among the 41 infants whose mothers had used DDAVP throughout pregnancy. In conclusion, DDAVP use during pregnancy seems to be safe for both mother and child. Delivery does not seem to be augmented by its use, nor are there likely any associated adverse neonatal effects. A large database of DDAVP use during pregnancy is needed to confirm these findings.
Growth of low birth weight preterm children.; Very low birth weight premature (VLBWPT) infants demonstrate growth patterns in the early years of life which differ from those of term and large low birth weight preterm (LBWPT) peers. Optimal post natal growth of VLBWPT children is associated with more positive later health and neurodevelopmental outcomes. The neonatologist engaged in the follow of care of VLBWPT infants after discharge from the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit should monitor over time the velocity of weight, length, head circumference and weight/length ratio utilizing appropriate growth references. VLBW children who demonstrate atypically low weight gain in the early years of life have a higher probability of less than optimal cognitive development over time, while those with excessive weight gain have a greater likelihood of later childhood and adult obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. Nutritional planning should provide adequate calories for gradual normalization in all growth variables, while attempting to avoid atypically low or excessive weight gain. This nutritional planning should take into account the child's genetic growth potential, small for gestational age (SGA) or at gestational age (AGA), and clinical issues such as the presence of diseases like gastroesophageal (GE) reflux or chronic lung disease. Whatever nutritional approach is used, the neonatologist in follow up should track weight, length, head circumference, and weight/length ratio and adjust the nutrition plan and caloric intake to assure gradual return to normal in all growth variables while avoiding excessive weight gain.
Birth weight to placenta weight ratio and its relationship to ultrasonic measurements, maternal and neonatal morbidity: A prospective cohort study of nulliparous women.; INTRODUCTION: Birth weight to placenta weight (BWPW)-ratio is an indicator of the ability of the placenta to maintain adequate nutrient supply to the fetus. We sought to investigate the relationship between BWPW-ratio with fetal growth, utero-placental Doppler and neonatal and maternal morbidity. METHODS: We studied a group of 3311 women recruited to a prospective cohort study of nulliparous women (Rosie Hospital, Cambridge, UK) who delivered a live born infant at term and whose placental weight and birth weight were known. Ultrasonic indices and BWPW ratio were converted to gestational age adjusted z scores. Analysis of continuous variables was by multivariable linear regression. BWPW ratio was also categorized (lowest or highest quintile, both referent to quintiles 2 to 4) and associations with adverse outcomes analyzed using multivariable logistic regression. RESULTS: Lowest quintile of BWPW-ratio was associated (adjusted odds ratio [95% CI], P) with both neonatal morbidity (1.55 [1.12-2.14], 0.007) and maternal diabetes (1.75 [1.18-2.59], 0.005). Highest quintile of BWPW ratio was associated with a reduced risk of maternal obesity (0.71 [0.53 to 0.95], 0.02) and preeclampsia (0.51 [0.31 to 0.84], 0.008), but higher (adjusted z score [95% CI], P) uterine artery Doppler mean pulsatility index (PI) at 20 weeks of gestation (0.09 [0.01-0.18], 0.04) and umbilical artery Doppler PI at 36 weeks of gestation (0.16 [0.07-0.25], <0.001). CONCLUSION: BWPW-ratio is related to ultrasonic measurements and both neonatal and maternal morbidity. Therefore, this ratio may be an indicative marker of immediate and longer term health risks for an individual.
Management of foetal hyperthyroidism in a mother with autoimmune hypothyroidism: A case report.; Foetal hyperthyroidism is mediated by transplacental passage of thyroid stimulating antibodies (TSAbs) and affects mothers with autoimmune (AI) thyroid disease. We report a case of a 33-year-old woman with a history of AI hypothyroidism and raised TSI after 2 stillbirths with suspect foetal hyperthyroidism. At 20.5 gestational weeks (GW) of her third pregnancy, foetal tachycardia and goitre were detected. TSI levels were 30.9mUI/mL. Methimazole (MMI) was started and adjusted based on ultrasound signs (foetal heart rate and thyroid gland vascularisation). The neonate was born at 35GW and cord blood revealed decreased TSH and normal free T4. MMI was started in the neonate at 2 days of life due to the appearance of asymptomatic hyperthyroidism. This case illustrates a rare recurrence of foetal hyperthyroidism in a mother with AI hypothyroidism. Pregestational thyroidectomy, TSAbs determination, early ultrasound diagnosis and foetal therapy helped us to improve obstetric outcomes.
Infertility, Gravidity, and Risk Of Diabetes among High-Risk Women in the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study.; OBJECTIVE: The extent to which infertility and pregnancy independently increase risk of diabetes and subclinical atherosclerosis is not known. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We conducted a secondary analysis of Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) and the DPP Outcomes Study over a 15-year period. We included women who answered questions about gravidity and infertility at baseline (n = 2085). Infertility was defined as > 1 year of unsuccessful attempts to conceive; thus, women could have histories of infertility as well as pregnancy. Risk of diabetes associated with gravidity and infertility was calculated using Cox proportional hazards models adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, treatment arm, body mass index, and pregnancy during the study. Among women who underwent assessment of coronary artery calcification (CAC) (n = 1337), odds of CAC were calculated using logistic regression models with similar covariates. RESULTS: Among premenopausal women (n = 1075), women with histories of pregnancy and infertility (n = 147; hazard ratio [HR] 1.80; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.30, 2.49) and women with histories of pregnancy without infertility (n = 736; HR 1.49; 95% CI 1.15, 1.93) had greater diabetes risk than nulligravid women without infertility (n = 173). Premenopausal nulligravid women with histories of infertility had a non-significant elevation in risk, although the number of these women was small (n = 19; HR 1.63; 95% CI 0.88, 3.03). Associations were not observed among postmenopausal women (n = 1010). No associations were observed between infertility or pregnancy with CAC. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancy, particularly combined with a history of infertility, confers increased risk of diabetes but not CAC among glucose-intolerant premenopausal women.
Genetic testing for familial hypercholesterolaemia: practical and ethical issues.; Coronary artery disease (CAD) has a strong genetic component, but is also greatly influenced by environmental factors such as diet and smoking, and disorders such as diabetes mellitus and hypertension. This interaction makes prediction of CAD risk generally difficult. However, in familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH), risk of early CAD is considerably increased by the mutation of a single gene, and genetic testing may be appropriate. We summarize current knowledge concerning DNA-based tests in the identification and management of FH, and propose specific recommendations for genetic testing and further research. The major value of DNA tests for FH is in genetic tracing programs to identify and treat affected individuals. DNA testing is appropriate for: (a) diagnosis of FH when physical signs or family history are equivocal or absent (important given the increased risk of CAD associated with FH compared to other hypercholesterolaemias); (b) detection of a mutation causing FH in immediate family members (particularly children) where there is a family history of premature CAD. A positive DNA-based test for a mutation is especially useful in children, in whom plasma lipid levels may not be diagnostic. Current clinical practice is to test relatives for raised cholesterol. Testing for mutation carriers in distant relatives, although feasible, is not currently recommended. Research projects should now be started to address two issues: (i) whether genetic tests for FH better predict clinical outcome than does measurement of plasma lipid levels; (ii) whether genetic testing for FH confers overall benefit both to the patient and their relatives, and to the NHS. Answers to these questions will guide the subsequent development and implementation of genetic tests for CAD risk in general, if and when the considerably more complex genetic causes of CAD are identified.
Excessive weight gain and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in the obese patient.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between excessive weight gain and pregnancy-related hypertension (PRH) among obese women (body mass index (BMI) ≥30 kg/m(2)). METHODS: We performed a case control study among women with (n = 440) and without (n = 600) PRH from 2005 to 2007. Height and weight were recorded at initial and final prenatal visits. 695 women had BMI recorded at ≤18 weeks of gestation, of which 257 (36.9%) were obese. Obese women were divided into three categories based on 2009 Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines: (1) below recommended amount (under weight gain - UWG); (2) more than recommended (excessive weight gain - EWG) or (3) within recommended amount (normal weight gain - NWG). PRH was defined as gestational hypertension, mild or severe preeclampsia. Patients with and without PRH were prospectively identified. The association between weight gain category and development of PRH was analyzed. RESULTS: We noticed a 1.5-fold higher odds of having PRH with an initial BMI ≥30 kg/m(2) compared to BMI <30 kg/m(2) (OR 1.64, 95% CI 1.2-2.2, p = 0.002). Among obese women, we noted a 2-fold higher odds of having PRH with EWG compared to NWG (OR 2.52, 95% CI 1.2-3.9, p = 0.012). The increased odds persisted after adjusting for race, chronic hypertension and diabetes, and length of gestation (AOR 2.61, 95% CI 1.4-4.9, p = 0.003). Among obese women with PRH, those with EWG had a 76% decreased odds of having severe disease compared to NWG (OR = 0.242 [0.07-0.79], p = 0.019). CONCLUSION: We have demonstrated that EWG among obese patients increases overall risk of PRH.
Excessive weight gain and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in the obese patient.; BACKGROUND: Untreated maternal mental health disorders can have devastating sequelae for the mother and child. For women who are currently or planning to become pregnant or are breastfeeding, a critical question is whether the benefits of treating psychiatric illness with pharmacologic interventions outweigh the harms for mother and child. METHODS: We conducted a systematic review to assess the benefits and harms of pharmacologic interventions compared with placebo, no treatment, or other pharmacologic interventions for pregnant and postpartum women with mental health disorders. We searched four databases and other sources for evidence available from inception through June 5, 2020 and surveilled the literature through March 2, 2021; dually screened the results; and analyzed eligible studies. We included studies of pregnant, postpartum, or reproductive-age women with a new or preexisting diagnosis of a mental health disorder treated with pharmacotherapy; we excluded psychotherapy. Eligible comparators included women with the disorder but no pharmacotherapy or women who discontinued the pharmacotherapy before pregnancy. RESULTS: A total of 164 studies (168 articles) met eligibility criteria. Brexanolone for depression onset in the third trimester or in the postpartum period probably improves depressive symptoms at 30 days (least square mean difference in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, −2.6; p=0.02; N=209) when compared with placebo. Sertraline for postpartum depression may improve response (calculated relative risk [RR], 2.24; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.95 to 5.24; N=36), remission (calculated RR, 2.51; 95% CI, 0.94 to 6.70; N=36), and depressive symptoms (p-values ranging from 0.01 to 0.05) when compared with placebo. Discontinuing use of mood stabilizers during pregnancy may increase recurrence (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR], 2.2; 95% CI, 1.2 to 4.2; N=89) and reduce time to recurrence of mood disorders (2 vs. 28 weeks, AHR, 12.1; 95% CI, 1.6 to 91; N=26) for bipolar disorder when compared with continued use. Brexanolone for depression onset in the third trimester or in the postpartum period may increase the risk of sedation or somnolence, leading to dose interruption or reduction when compared with placebo (5% vs. 0%). More than 95 percent of studies reporting on harms were observational in design and unable to fully account for confounding. These studies suggested some associations between benzodiazepine exposure before conception and ectopic pregnancy; between specific antidepressants during pregnancy and adverse maternal outcomes such as postpartum hemorrhage, preeclampsia, and spontaneous abortion, and child outcomes such as respiratory issues, low Apgar scores, persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn, depression in children, and autism spectrum disorder; between quetiapine or olanzapine and gestational diabetes; and between benzodiazepine and neonatal intensive care admissions. Causality cannot be inferred from these studies. We found insufficient evidence on benefits and harms from comparative effectiveness studies, with one exception: one study suggested a higher risk of overall congenital anomalies (adjusted RR [ARR], 1.85; 95% CI, 1.23 to 2.78; N=2,608) and cardiac anomalies (ARR, 2.25; 95% CI, 1.17 to 4.34; N=2,608) for lithium compared with lamotrigine during first-trimester exposure. CONCLUSIONS: Few studies have been conducted in pregnant and postpartum women on the benefits of pharmacotherapy; many studies report on harms but are of low quality. The limited evidence available is consistent with some benefit, and some studies suggested increased adverse events. However, because these studies could not rule out underlying disease severity as the cause of the association, the causal link between the exposure and adverse events is unclear. Patients and clinicians need to make an informed, collaborative decision on treatment choices.
Risk factors of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and its adverse outcomes in low- and middle-income countries: a WHO secondary analysis.; BACKGROUND: Pre-eclampsia has an immense adverse impact on maternal and perinatal health especially in low- and middle-income settings. We aimed to estimate the associations between pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and its risk factors, and adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. METHODS: We performed a secondary analysis of the WHO Global Survey on Maternal and Perinatal Health. The survey was a multi-country, facility-based cross-sectional study. A global sample consisting of 24 countries from three regions and 373 health facilities was obtained via a stratified multi-stage cluster sampling design. Maternal and offspring data were extracted from records using standardized questionnaires. Multi-level logistic regression modelling was conducted with random effects at the individual, facility and country levels. RESULTS: Data for 276,388 mothers and their infants was analysed. The prevalence of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia in the study population was 10,754 (4%). At the individual level, sociodemographic characteristics of maternal age ≥30 years and low educational attainment were significantly associated with higher risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. As for clinical and obstetric variables, high body mass index (BMI), nulliparity (AOR: 2.04; 95%CI 1.92-2.16), absence of antenatal care (AOR: 1.41; 95%CI 1.26-1.57), chronic hypertension (AOR: 7.75; 95%CI 6.77-8.87), gestational diabetes (AOR: 2.00; 95%CI 1.63-2.45), cardiac or renal disease (AOR: 2.38; 95%CI 1.86-3.05), pyelonephritis or urinary tract infection (AOR: 1.13; 95%CI 1.03-1.24) and severe anemia (AOR: 2.98; 95%CI 2.47-3.61) were found to be significant risk factors, while having >8 visits of antenatal care was protective (AOR: 0.90; 95%CI 0.83-0.98). Pre-eclampsia/eclampsia was found to be a significant risk factor for maternal death, perinatal death, preterm birth and low birthweight. CONCLUSION: Chronic hypertension, obesity and severe anemia were the highest risk factors of preeclampsia/eclampsia. Implementation of effective interventions prioritizing risk factors, provision of quality health services during pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for joint efforts in the areas of maternal health are recommended.
Trial of labor after cesarean in women in their second delivery - labor characteristics and postpartum factors which influence a patient's choice.; INTRODUCTION: We aimed to assess trial of labor rates in patients in their second pregnancy following a cesarean delivery (CD), and asses the correlation to delivery and postpartum characteristics of their primary delivery. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort of deliveries at our institution between 2009 and 2016. Files of patients with one past CD and a subsequent second delivery were reviewed. Included were patients with a favorable past indication for CD - malpresentation, nonreassuring fetal heart rate, multiple gestation, or placenta previa/abruption. Cases in which a TOLAC was undertaken were compared to those who did not undergo a TOLAC regarding maternal, obstetric, and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: Five hundred and thirty-six deliveries matched the inclusion criteria, in which 269 patients attempted a TOLAC (TOLAC group) and 267 patients did not (no TOLAC group). Patient demographics at the time of primary CD were similar, but the rate of preterm deliveries was higher among the no TOLAC group. In their second delivery, patients who attempted a TOLAC were younger, had a lower body mass index, had a lower rate of assisted reproduction, and has less pregnancy-related complications (diabetes, hypertensive disorders). CONCLUSIONS: In patients with a first CD, a history of preterm delivery negatively correlated with a TOLAC, while patient age, body mass index and gestational comorbidities negatively affected TOLAC rates in subsequent delivery.
Sheehan's syndrome of hypothalamic origin in a woman with juvenile diabetes mellitus.; A 25-year-old woman with severe diabetes mellitus since the age of 7 developed anterior pituitary insufficiency after pregnancy toxaemia with hypofunction of the thyroid, ovaries and adrenal cortex. Following the development of Sheehan's syndrome, her insulin requirment decreased dramatically. I.v. administration of TRH, LRH and vasopressin induced nearly normal pituitary response levels of TSH, LH and plasma cortisol, indicating a hypothalamic damage as the primary aetiological factor.
Postpartum home blood pressure monitoring and lifestyle intervention in overweight and obese individuals the first year after gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia: A pilot feasibility trial.; OBJECTIVE: To test the feasibility of a randomised trial of home blood pressure monitoring paired with a remote lifestyle intervention (Heart Health 4 New Moms) versus home blood pressure monitoring alone versus control in individuals with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy in the first year postpartum. DESIGN: Single-blinded three-arm randomised clinical trial. SETTING: Two tertiary care hospitals and a community organisation. POPULATION: Postpartum overweight and obese individuals with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy and without pre-pregnancy hypertension or diabetes. METHODS: We assessed the feasibility of recruitment and retention of 150 participants to study completion at 1-year postpartum with randomisation 1:1:1 into each arm. Secondary aims were to test effects of the interventions on weight, blood pressure and self-efficacy. RESULTS: Over 23 months, we enrolled 148 of 400 eligible, screened individuals (37%); 28% black or other race and mean pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) of 33.4 ± 6.7 kg/m(2) . In total, 129 (87%) participants completed the 1-year postpartum study visit. Overall, 22% of participants developed stage 2 hypertension (≥140/90 mmHg or on anti-hypertensive medications) by 1 year postpartum. There were no differences in weight or self-efficacy across the study arms. CONCLUSION: In this pilot, randomised trial, we demonstrate feasibility of HBPM paired with a lifestyle intervention in the first year postpartum. We detected high rates of ongoing hypertension, emphasising the need for the development of effective interventions in this population.
Diverse outcome following early prenatal diagnosis of pulmonary stenosis.; OBJECTIVE: To assess the natural history and outcome of fetal pulmonary stenosis (PS), particularly that detected at 14-17 weeks' gestation. METHODS: In this retrospective study we searched an electronic database of women from the general Israeli population attending a private ultrasound institute (Al-Kol ultrasound institute in Haifa) for routine complete early fetal ultrasound, including all fetal systems and a fetal echocardiogram, between 2004 and 2015. Ninety-seven percent of the women were at low risk of fetal malformations, and 3% had risk factors such as maternal Type-1 diabetes mellitus, exposure during pregnancy to teratogenic drugs, or anomalies in previous pregnancies or in other family members. At presentation at 14-17 weeks of gestation, color and pulsed Doppler imaging were performed across the four cardiac valves. We identified cases in which abnormal flow was detected, leading to suspicion of PS; in these cases, a follow-up examination was carried out at 17-19 weeks and then monthly until delivery or resolution of the finding, and postnatal echocardiography was performed at birth, 4-6 weeks thereafter, and yearly afterwards. Outcome data for suspicious cases, including postnatal diagnosis and general or specific symptoms, were collected by contacting the parents via email or telephone. RESULTS: Among 24 185 early prenatal transvaginal ultrasound screening examinations, 23 cases of suspected PS were identified. They were classified into three groups, according to their ultrasound findings. In Group A (n = 8), the ultrasound screen was normal except for high flow velocity across the pulmonary valve. In six cases, this finding had resolved by 20-21 weeks of gestation and all were found to be normal at postnatal follow-up, one case underwent termination of pregnancy at 19 weeks and PS was confirmed at autopsy and one case was lost to follow-up. In Group B (n = 12), there was aliasing across the pulmonary valve. Two of these cases were normal postnatally and eight had mild-to-moderate PS; the remaining two cases developed hypoplastic right ventricle and pulmonary atresia at 19-20 weeks and the pregnancies were terminated. In Group C (n = 3) PS was associated with other anomalies; all three pregnancies were terminated. There were an additional six cases (Group D) not identified in early gestation, in which PS was late-onset. One had tricuspid regurgitation at the early screen, but was subsequently diagnosed with Ebstein's anomaly and pulmonary atresia, at 22 weeks, and was terminated. The other cases had completely normal early ultrasound screening examinations: one case had Ebstein's anomaly and PS was diagnosed at birth; four had isolated mild PS, of which one was diagnosed at 22 weeks' gestation and the other three were diagnosed postnatally, before 3 months of age. The sensitivity for detection of the ascertained cases of PS was 64% (11/17) and the specificity was > 99%. CONCLUSION: There is a diverse spectrum of presentation of fetal PS in the early mid-trimester. A possible explanation for this could be different pathophysiological pathways. Further study is needed to explain the different prenatal sonographic presentations in an unselected population. Copyright © 2016 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Deaths: leading causes for 2001.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2001 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 States and the District of Columbia in 2001. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. RESULTS: In 2001, the 10 leading causes of death were (in rank order) Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Alzheimer's disease; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Septicemia and accounted for nearly 80 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2001 were (in rank order) Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Respiratory distress of newborn; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Intrauterine hypoxia and birth asphyxia. Important variation in the leading causes of infant death is noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Deaths: leading causes for 2000.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2000 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 States and the District of Columbia in 2000. Causes of death classified by the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. RESULTS: In 2000 the 10 leading causes of death were (in rank order) Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Alzheimer's disease; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Septicemia and accounted for nearly 80 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evidently by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2000 were (in rank order) Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birthweight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Respiratory distress of newborn; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Intrauterine hypoxia and birth asphyxia. Important variation in the leading causes of infant death is noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Deaths: leading causes for 1999.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 1999 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the annual report of final mortality statistics and responds to an increasing volume of requests by data users for leading-cause tables with more age and race detail than previously published. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 States and the District of Columbia in 1999. Causes of death classified by the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Age categories used to present leading causes of death in this report represent a substantial expansion from the age categories previously used to present leading-cause data in the annual report of final mortality statistics. RESULTS: In 1999 the 10 leading causes of death were (in rank order) Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Alzheimer's disease; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome, and nephrosis; and Septicemia and accounted for nearly 80 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 1999 were (in rank order) Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birthweight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Respiratory distress of newborn; Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord, and membranes; Accidents; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Atelectasis. Important variation in the leading causes of infant death is noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Association analysis of ten candidate genes in a large multinational cohort of small for gestational age children and children with idiopathic short stature (NESTEGG study).; BACKGROUND: Fetal growth failure has been associated with an increased risk of hypertension, cardiovascular disease and diabetes in adulthood. Exploring the mechanisms underlying this association should improve our understanding of these common adult diseases. PATIENTS AND METHODS: We investigated 225 SNPs in 10 genes involved in growth and glucose metabolism (GH1, GHR, IGF1, IGF1R, STAT5A, STAT5B, MAPK1, MAPK3, PPARγ and INS) in 1,437 children from the multinational NESTEGG consortium: 345 patients born small for gestational age who remained short (SGA-S), 288 who showed catch-up growth (SGA-Cu), 410 idiopathic short stature (ISS) and 394 controls. We related genotype to pre- and/or postnatal growth parameters, response to growth hormone (if applicable) and blood pressure. RESULTS: We found several clinical associations for GH1, GHR, IGF1, IGF1R, PPARγ and MAPK1. One SNP remained significant after Bonferroni's correction: IGF1R SNP rs4966035's minor allele A was significantly more prevalent among SGA and associated with smaller birth length (p = 0.000378) and birth weight (weaker association), independent of gestational age. CONCLUSION: IGF1R SNP rs4966035 is significantly associated with birth length, independent of gestational age. This and other associations suggest that polymorphisms in these genes might partly explain the phenotype of short children born SGA and children with ISS.
Hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count (HELLP) syndrome with pituitary apoplexy.; After hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count (HELLP) syndrome was diagnosed in a 35-year-old woman at 39 weeks' gestation, magnetic resonance imaging and hormone examination revealed pituitary apoplexy with panhypopituitarism and diabetes insipidus. Evaluation of pituitary function should be considered in patients with HELLP syndrome.
Intra-uterine Growth Retardation as a Risk Factor of Postnatal Metabolic Disorders.; Intra-uterine growth retardation (IUGR) represents one of the major problems in perinatal medicine. IUGR is one of main causes of perinatal mortality and morbidity. A huge number and variety of established and possible causes of IUGR have been described. There are currently no data about effective treatment of this fetal condition. IUGR has been described to be strictly involved in fetal programming. Fetal programming is the general idea, which tells us how during development of the embryo and fetus significant physiological parameters can be shaped by environmental events. A link between the intra-uterine growth retardation and the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease postnatally has been well documented. The aim of this paper is to present an overview of the current knowledge of IUGR effects on development of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases, impact on insulin secretion and resistance, diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome. The influence of intrauterine growth retardation on predisposition to obesity and adipose dysfunction was also described.
Deaths: leading causes for 2008.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2008 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the Division of Vital Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2008. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULTS: in 2008, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Cerebrovascular diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Alzheimer's disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). They accounted for approximately 76 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2008 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Deaths: Leading Causes for 2012.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2012 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements "Deaths: Final Data for 2012," the National Center for Health Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2012. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULTS: In 2012, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Cerebrovascular diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Alzheimer's disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). These causes accounted for 74% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2012 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Deaths: Leading Causes for 2011.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2011 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements ‘‘Deaths: Final Data for 2011,’’ the National Center for Health Statistics’ annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2011. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD–10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULTS: In 2011, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Cerebrovascular diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Alzheimer’s disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). They accounted for 74% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2011 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Deaths: leading causes for 2005.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2005 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2005. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULT: In 2005, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Diabetes mellitus; Alzheimer's disease; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Septicemia. They accounted for about 77 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2005 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birthweight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Respiratory distress of newborn; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Neonatal hemorrhage; and Necrotizing enterocolitis of newborn. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Laboratory tests and measurements in children born small for gestational age (SGA).; Children born small for gestational age are at high risk of developing insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia, hypertension and cardiovascular disease in adulthood. In addition, approximately 10% of SGA children do not achieve a normal adult height. Studies performed in SGA children to evaluate markers of metabolic disease in prepubertal, pubertal and adolescent subjects, indicate a higher prevalence of subtle endocrine and metabolic abnormalities that may precede the onset of overt disease in adulthood. At present, however, there are no conclusive data supporting the need of systematic close monitoring of GH-IGF, hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal and hypothalamus-pituitary-gonadal axes, as well as insulin sensitivity, glucose homeostasis, and lipid metabolism. Monitoring of metabolic parameters should probably be reserved to SGA children with genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes and hyperlipidemia, as early identification of metabolic alterations might prompt effective preventive interventions and, ultimately, reduce cardiovascular risk.
Left ventricular hypertrophy after hypertensive pregnancy disorders.; OBJECTIVE: Cardiac changes of hypertensive pregnancy include left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) and diastolic dysfunction. These are thought to regress postpartum. We hypothesised that women with a history of hypertensive pregnancy would have altered LV geometry and function when compared with women with only normotensive pregnancies. METHODS: In this cohort study, we analysed echocardiograms of 2637 women who participated in the Family Blood Pressure Program. We compared LV mass and function in women with hypertensive pregnancies with those with normotensive pregnancies. RESULTS: Women were evaluated at a mean age of 56 years: 427 (16%) had at least one hypertensive pregnancy; 2210 (84%) had normotensive pregnancies. Compared with women with normotensive pregnancies, women with hypertensive pregnancy had a greater risk of LVH (OR: 1.42; 95% CI 1.01 to 1.99, p=0.05), after adjusting for age, race, research network of the Family Blood Pressure Program, education, parity, BMI, hypertension and diabetes. When duration of hypertension was taken into account, this relationship was no longer significant (OR: 1.19; CI 0.08 to 1.78, p=0.38). Women with hypertensive pregnancies also had greater left atrial size and lower mitral E/A ratio after adjusting for demographic variables. The prevalence of systolic dysfunction was similar between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: A history of hypertensive pregnancy is associated with LVH after adjusting for risk factors; this might be explained by longer duration of hypertension. This finding supports current guidelines recommending surveillance of women following a hypertensive pregnancy, and sets the stage for longitudinal echocardiographic studies to further elucidate progression of LV geometry and function after pregnancy. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATIONS: GENOA- NCT00005269; HyperGEN- NCT00005267; Sapphire- NCT00005270; GenNet- NCT00005268.
Prolactin and vasoinhibins: Endogenous players in diabetic retinopathy.; Diabetic retinopathy is a disease of the retinal microvasculature that develops as a complication of diabetes mellitus and constitutes a major cause of blindness in adults of all ages. Diabetic retinopathy is characterized by the loss of capillary cells leading to increased vasopermeability, ischemia, and hypoxia that trigger the excessive formation of new blood vessels in the retina. The influence of the pituitary gland in the pathophysiology of diabetic retinopathy was recognized nearly six decades ago, but the contribution of pituitary hormones to this disease remains unclear. Recent studies have shown that the pituitary hormone prolactin is proteolytically cleaved to vasoinhibins, a family of peptides with potent antivasopermeability, vasoconstrictive, and antiangiogenic actions that can protect the eye against the deleterious effects of the diabetic state. In this review, we summarize what is known about the changes in the circulating levels of prolactin and vasoinhibins during diabetes and diabetic retinopathy as well as the implications of these changes for the development and progression of the disease with particular attention to hyperprolactinemia in pregnancy and postpartum. We discuss the effects of prolactin and vasoinhibins that may impact diabetic retinopathy and suggest these hormones as important targets for therapeutic interventions.
Fetal and post-natal outcomes in offspring after intrauterine metformin exposure: A systematic review and meta-analysis of animal experiments.; AIMS: The impact of maternal metformin use during pregnancy on fetal, infant, childhood and adolescent growth, development, and health remains unclear. Our objective was to systematically review the available evidence from animal experiments on the effects of intrauterine metformin exposure on offspring's anthropometric, cardiovascular and metabolic outcomes. METHODS: A systematic search was conducted in PUBMED and EMBASE from inception (searched on 12th April 2023). We extracted original, controlled animal studies that investigated the effects of maternal metformin use during pregnancy on offspring anthropometric, cardiovascular and metabolic measurements. Subsequently, risk of bias was assessed and meta-analyses using the standardized mean difference and a random effects model were conducted for all outcomes containing data from 3 or more studies. Subgroup analyses were planned for species, strain, sex and type of model in the case of 10 comparisons or more per subgroup. RESULTS: We included 37 articles (n = 3133 offspring from n = 716 litters, containing n = 51 comparisons) in this review, mostly (95%) on rodent models and 5% pig models. Follow-up of offspring ranged from birth to 2 years of age. Thirty four of the included articles could be included in the meta-analysis. No significant effects in the overall meta-analysis of metformin on any of the anthropometric, cardiovascular and metabolic offspring outcome measures were identified. Between-studies heterogeneity was high, and risk of bias was unclear in most studies as a consequence of poor reporting of essential methodological details. CONCLUSION: This systematic review was unable to establish effects of metformin treatment during pregnancy on anthropometric, cardiovascular and metabolic outcomes in non-human offspring. Heterogeneity between studies was high and reporting of methodological details often limited. This highlights a need for additional high-quality research both in humans and model systems to allow firm conclusions to be established. Future research should include focus on the effects of metformin in older offspring age groups, and on outcomes which have gone uninvestigated to date.
Position statement of the Australian Diabetes Society: individualisation of glycated haemoglobin targets for adults with diabetes mellitus.; Tight glycaemic control reduces the risk of development and progression of organ complications in people with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. In this position statement, the Australian Diabetes Society recommends a general target glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) level of </= 7.0% for most patients. This position statement also provides guidelines for the individualisation of glycaemic targets to a tighter or lesser degree, with a recommended target HbA(1c) level of </= 6.0% in some people, or up to </= 8.0% in others. Individualisation of the HbA(1c) target is based on patient-specific factors, such as the type of diabetes and its duration, pregnancy, diabetes medication being taken, presence of cardiovascular disease, risk of and problems from hypoglycaemia, and comorbidities. Management of diabetes also includes: adequate control of other cardiovascular risk factors, including weight, blood pressure and lipid serum levels; antiplatelet therapy; and smoking cessation.
Patterns of brain injury in term neonatal encephalopathy.; OBJECTIVES: To determine whether the pattern of brain injury in term neonatal encephalopathy is associated with distinct prenatal and perinatal factors and to determine whether the pattern of injury is associated with 30-month neurodevelopmental outcome. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 173 term newborns with neonatal encephalopathy from 2 centers underwent magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at a median of 6 days of age (range, 1-24 days). Patterns of injury on MRI were defined on the basis of the predominant site of injury: watershed predominant, basal ganglia/thalamus predominant, and normal. RESULTS: The watershed pattern of injury was seen in 78 newborns (45%), the basal ganglia/thalamus pattern was seen in 44 newborns (25%), and normal MRI studies were seen in 51 newborns (30%). Antenatal conditions such as maternal substance use, gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, pre-eclampsia, and intra-uterine growth restriction did not differ across patterns. The basal ganglia/thalamus pattern was associated with more severe neonatal signs, including more intensive resuscitation at birth ( P = .001), more severe encephalopathy ( P = .0001), and more severe seizures ( P = .0001). The basal ganglia/thalamus pattern was associated with the most impaired motor and cognitive outcome at 30 months. CONCLUSION: The patterns of brain injury in term neonatal encephalopathy are associated with different clinical presentations and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Measured prenatal risk factors did not predict the pattern of brain injury.
Prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in women with pregestational diabetes during pregnancy and the postpartum.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic retinopathy (DR) may be affected by pregnancy. The majority of prevalence data regarding DR in pregnancy predate the advent of contemporary guidelines for diabetes management during pregnancy. This study reports DR prevalence and associated risk factors in women with pregestational diabetes during pregnancy and the postpartum in Australia. METHODS: A total of 172 pregnant women with type 1 (T1DM) or type 2 diabetes diagnosed pre-pregnancy were prospectively recruited from two obstetrics hospitals in Melbourne (November 2017-March 2020). Eye examinations were scheduled in each trimester, at 3-, 6-, and 12-months postpartum. DR severity was graded from two-field fundus photographs by an independent grader utilising the Airlie House Classification. Sight-threatening DR (STDR) was defined as the presence of diabetic macular oedema or proliferative DR. RESULTS: Overall, 146 (84.9%) women had at least one eye examination during pregnancy. The mean age was 33.8 years (range 19-51), median diabetes duration was 7.0 years (IQR 3.0-17.0), 71 women (48.6%) had T1DM. DR and STDR prevalence during pregnancy per 100 eyes was 24.3 (95% CI 19.7-29.6) and 9.0 (95% CI 6.1-12.9); while prevalence in the postpartum was 22.2 (95% CI 16.5-29.3) and 10.0 (95% CI 5.4-17.9), respectively. T1DM, longer diabetes duration, higher HbA1c in early pregnancy, and pre-existing nephropathy were significant risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of DR in pregnant women was similar to the non-pregnant diabetic population in Australia. One in nine participants had STDR during pregnancy and the postpartum, highlighting the need to optimise DR management guidelines in pregnancy given the significant risk of vision loss.
Prescribing in pregnancy for women with diabetes: use of potential teratogenic drugs and contraception.; AIMS: To describe contraception use and the prescription of drugs that are either not recommended in pregnancy or are potentially teratogenic by diabetes type in women of child-bearing age. METHODS: Retrospective, cross-sectional chart review undertaken in 22 general practices in Warwickshire, UK. Demographic, anthropometric, medical history, medication and contraception data were extracted from women aged 14 to 49 years with pre-existing diabetes. Independent sample t-test, Mann-Whitney test and χ(2) -test were used to test for univariable associations and multiple logistic regression was used to adjust for confounders. RESULTS: Four hundred and seventy eligible women were identified; the majority had a diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes (67%). Thirty-six per cent and 64% of women with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes, respectively, were prescribed drugs not recommended for use in pregnancy (P < 0.001). Less than half were using concomitant contraception (P < 0.001). No significant difference of contraception use was observed between women who were and were not taking drugs not recommended for use in pregnancy (40 vs. 41%, P = 0.4). CONCLUSIONS: Use of drugs not recommended during pregnancy in women with diabetes of child-bearing age is common but is not associated with increased use of contraception. There is need to identify and overcome barriers to effective contraception use for this population group in order to facilitate optimal management of cardiovascular risk.
Dietary carbohydrates: Pathogenesis and potential therapeutic targets to obesity-associated metabolic syndrome.; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a common feature in obesity, comprising a cluster of abnormalities including abdominal fat accumulation, hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, and hypertension, leading to diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Intake of carbohydrates (CHO), particularly a sugary diet that rapidly increases blood glucose, triglycerides, and blood pressure levels is the predominant determining factor of MetS. Complex CHO, on the other hand, are a stable source of energy taking a longer time to digest. In particular, resistant starch (RS) or soluble fiber is an excellent source of prebiotics, which alter the gut microbial composition, which in turn improves metabolic control. Altering maternal CHO intake during pregnancy may result in the child developing MetS. Furthermore, lifestyle factors such as physical inactivity in combination with dietary habits may synergistically influence gene expression by modulating genetic and epigenetic regulators transforming childhood obesity into adolescent metabolic disorders. This review summarizes the common pathophysiology of MetS in connection with the nature of CHO, intrauterine nutrition, genetic predisposition, lifestyle factors, and advanced treatment approaches; it also emphasizes how dietary CHO may act as a key element in the pathogenesis and future therapeutic targets of obesity and MetS.
Guidelines for eye care in patients with diabetes mellitus. Results of a symposium. The Kentucky Diabetic Retinopathy Group.; A symposium was held in Lexington, Ky, that resulted in state-of-the-art current management recommendations or guidelines regarding eye care in patients with diabetes mellitus. These guidelines have been endorsed by the American Academy of Ophthalmology and are presented in a 10-point outline.
The effect of pregnancy on retinal hemodynamics in diabetic versus nondiabetic mothers.; PURPOSE: To investigate retinal circulatory changes that occur during the third trimester of pregnancy in diabetic patients and control subjects. METHODS: Bidirectional laser Doppler velocimetry and monochromatic fundus photography were used to assess the retinal circulation in seven pregnant diabetic patients and 13 age-matched pregnant control subjects. Retinal venous diameter (D), maximum erythrocyte velocity (Vmax), and retinal volumetric blood flow rate (Q) were measured in one eye of each subject during the third trimester of pregnancy (DPREG, VmaxPREG, and QPREG, respectively). These measurements were repeated during the postpartum period for both diabetic patients (11+/-7 weeks postpartum) and control subjects (16+/-6 weeks postpartum; P = .203; DPOST, VmaxPOST, and QPOST). RESULTS: In control subjects, DPREG was significantly reduced by -4.5%+/-4.4% (mean percent difference +/-1 standard deviation; paired t test, P =.006) relative to DPOST. In diabetic women, DPREG was also significantly reduced by -8.1%+/-3.2% compared with DPOST (P = .001), a change that was significantly larger than that seen in control subjects (unpaired t test; P = .035). Compared with QPOS T, QPREG was reduced by -7.1%+/-14.2% (P = .123), in control subjects. In diabe tic women, QPREG was significantly decreased by -18.4%+/-9.3% compared with QPOST (P = .012). This reduction in QPREG was significantly greater in diabetic patients than in nondiabetic control subjects (unpaired t test, P = .040). No significant differences between VmaxPREG and VmaxPOST were observed in either diabetic patients (-3.1%+/-12.9%; P =.400) or control subjects (+1.9%+/-14.4%; P = .787). CONCLUSIONS: Retinal venous diameter is decreased during the third trimester of pregnancy in both diabetic and nondiabetic mothers. This decrease is significantly larger in diabetic than in nondiabetic mothers. In addition, we observed a reduction in retinal volumetric blood flow in diabetic patients during pregnancy that was significantly larger than that present in nondiabetic women. This fall in retinal volumetric blood flow in diabetic patients may exacerbate retinal ischemia and hypoxia and thus may be associated with the progression of diabetic retinopathy.
Oral Health and Diabetes.; The vast majority of the U.S. adult population suffers from periodontal diseases, as about 90% suffer from the reversible form, gingivitis, whereas almost 50% of adults age ≥30 years are affected by periodontitis, which is the chronic periodontal breakdown of both soft and hard tissues that support the teeth. Diabetes prevalence is assuming epidemic proportions with 30.2 million or 12.2% of the U.S. adult population age ≥18 years having diabetes in 2015, of whom about one-quarter are unaware of their diabetes; an additional one-third (84.1 million) have prediabetes, of whom about 90% are unaware. Due to the great prevalence of both diseases, it is important for health care professionals and lay people alike to be aware of both periodontal diseases and diabetes and their two-way interactions in which they mutually and adversely affect each other to understand how to prevent, treat, and manage both diseases. Since periodontitis and diabetes share the same risk factors, any improvement in a risk factor should beneficially affect both conditions. This concept is shown by a decrease in the level of inflammation upon nonsurgical periodontal treatment, which improves both periodontal health in individuals with type 2 diabetes and those without diabetes, as well as glycemic control in type 2 diabetes and in people with prediabetes. Gingivitis is a reversible inflammation of the soft tissues surrounding the teeth in response to dental plaque, whereas periodontitis is a chronic, inflammatory disease that in response to dental plaque causes breakdown of the soft and hard tissues surrounding the teeth in susceptible individuals. This destruction often occurs without any pain or other symptoms. Nonetheless, if left untreated, it can lead to loosening of the tooth and eventually to its total loss, with adverse effects on nutrition, self-esteem, and function. Moreover, the number of teeth lost is strongly associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, and advanced tooth loss, especially edentulism (loss of all teeth), is associated with premature all-cause mortality. Periodontitis causes local and systemic inflammatory responses that lead to development or worsening of hyperglycemia and hence contribute to increased blood glucose levels in healthy individuals; development of prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, and gestational diabetes; decreased glycemic control in overt diabetes; and worsening of diabetes complications. Diabetes is also a chronic, inflammation-related metabolic disease diagnosed by hyperglycemia. Such elevated blood glucose levels negatively impact the inflammatory response to dental plaque, leading to more severe gingivitis and periodontitis. Hence, periodontitis and diabetes mutually and adversely affect each other. Importantly, the risk factors are largely identical for these two diseases, so when identifying and improving risk factors related to one of the two diseases, the other could be present and its severity lessened. Such improvements could consist of quitting smoking, decreasing intake of added sugar, reducing any inflammation, and getting sufficient sleep at healthy times per the circadian rhythm. Routine, nonsurgical, periodontal treatment (“deep cleaning”) that can be performed by dental health care professionals in general dental practice or in periodontists’ specialty offices—together with proper home oral hygiene care—can lead to improved glycemic control in type 2 diabetes. Hyperglycemia can also contribute to impaired healing of lesions around the apex (tip) of the teeth with chronic infection and inflammation persisting in the jaw bone. Extraction of teeth that suffer from chronic periodontitis or periapical periodontitis leads to decreased levels of inflammatory biomarkers. Moreover, diabetes and the use of diabetes medication can lead to dry mouth, which contributes to development of caries, periodontitis, and thrush (candidiasis). Diabetic neuropathy can lead to burning mouth syndrome (glossodynia) and taste impairment (dysgeusia) and may be involved in trigeminal nerve pain and temporomandibular joint disorders. Both periodontitis and diabetes lead to potentially severely diminished quality of life. Nonetheless, people with diabetes have fewer dental visits than their peers without diabetes. It is important for both dental and medical care providers to keep in mind the possible coexistence of periodontitis and dysglycemia (hyperglycemia), as both diseases negatively affect each other. Proper, mutual referral is essential, as both diseases can be improved, if the informed providers collaborate in a patient-centered, interprofessional team approach in the interest of the best possible oral and systemic health for their mutual patients. Therefore, it may make both medical and financial sense to include the attainment of a healthy mouth in diabetes management, as well as screening for diabetes in the dental office, with the potential for substantial decreases in the burden of both human disease and suffering, as well as financial costs, to the benefit of the individuals, their caregivers, and society overall.
Understanding the cumulative risk of maternal prenatal biopsychosocial factors on birth weight: a DynaHEALTH study on two birth cohorts.; BACKGROUND: There are various maternal prenatal biopsychosocial (BPS) predictors of birth weight, making it difficult to quantify their cumulative relationship. METHODS: We studied two birth cohorts: Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986 (NFBC1986) born in 1985-1986 and the Generation R Study (from the Netherlands) born in 2002-2006. In NFBC1986, we selected variables depicting BPS exposure in association with birth weight and performed factor analysis to derive latent constructs representing the relationship between these variables. In Generation R, the same factors were generated weighted by loadings of NFBC1986. Factor scores from each factor were then allocated into tertiles and added together to calculate a cumulative BPS score. In all cases, we used regression analyses to explore the relationship with birth weight corrected for sex and gestational age and additionally adjusted for other factors. RESULTS: Factor analysis supported a four-factor structure, labelled closely to represent their characteristics as 'Factor1-BMI' (body mass index), 'Factor2-DBP' (diastolic blood pressure), 'Factor3-Socioeconomic-Obstetric-Profile' and 'Factor4-Parental-Lifestyle'. In both cohorts, 'Factor1-BMI' was positively associated with birth weight, whereas other factors showed negative association. 'Factor3-Socioeconomic-Obstetric-Profile' and 'Factor4-Parental-Lifestyle' had the greatest effect size, explaining 30% of the variation in birth weight. Associations of the factors with birth weight were largely driven by 'Factor1-BMI'. Graded decrease in birth weight was observed with increasing cumulative BPS score, jointly evaluating four factors in both cohorts. CONCLUSION: Our study is a proof of concept for maternal prenatal BPS hypothesis, highlighting the components snowball effect on birth weight in two different European birth cohorts.
[Obesity, bariatric surgery and future fertility].; Obesity is an increasingly widespread health problem. In addition to comorbidities such as diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease, obesity has a significant impact on reproductive life, including infertility, miscarriages and high prevalence of pregnancy complications. The present review describes the possible benefits of bariatric surgery regarding fertility and pregnancy outcome. It is well established that bariatric surgery leads to regular ovulatory cycles and improves spontaneous conception rates in obese women. While pregnancy after bariatric surgery is safe and associated with reduced pregnancy complications, pregnant women following bariatric surgery are still at high risk for preterm births and small dimensions of gestational age offsprings. The optimal interval that should be kept between surgery and subsequent pregnancy is controversial, with recent studies emphasizing the importance of nutritional balance rather than the time from surgery to conception as being the most important determinant. Strict peri-conceptional surveillance is mandatory in order to prevent nutritional deficiencies and for the early diagnosis of abnormal fetal growth.
The National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research: research for the practicing dentist.; BACKGROUND AND OVERVIEW: Established in 1948, the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research (NIDCR) has helped transform dentistry into a profession that is based firmly in prevention and technological innovation. This article introduces the new NIDCR initiative in general dentistry practice-based research. It also highlights research supported by the NIDCR and its implications for dental practice in restorative dentistry, oral and systemic disease, stem cell research, salivary diagnostics, gene transfer therapy and pain. CLINICAL IMPLICATIONS: The NIDCR supports research that will help guide the practitioner in the delivery of patient care and have a direct impact on the practice of dentistry.
Blood Loss and Visibility with Esmolol vs Labetalol in Endoscopic Sinus Surgery: A Randomized Clinical Trial.; OBJECTIVES: Improved intraoperative visibility during functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) decreases the risk of serious orbital or skull base injuries. Esmolol and labetalol have been used to reduce bleeding and achieve better visibility, but it remains unclear which drug is more effective. This study aims to measure visibility scores and mucosal bleeding rates for esmolol and labetalol in FESS. METHODS: This is a 1-year randomized double-blind trial of adults undergoing FESS at a tertiary academic center. The inclusion criteria were as follows: age 18 or older; history of chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) with or without nasal polyps; undergoing FESS for CRS; and American Society of Anesthesiologists (ASA) physical status 1 (healthy) or 2 (patient with mild systemic disease). The exclusion criteria were as follows: pregnancy; asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), bradycardia, heart failure, end-stage renal disease, cerebrovascular accident, diabetes mellitus; preoperative use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), aspirin, or beta-blockers; and body mass index (BMI) greater than 40 kg/m(2). Patients received either dose-infused esmolol or intravenous push labetalol. The primary outcome was intraoperative visibility determined by surgeon using validated scoring systems (Boezaart, Wormald). The secondary outcome was hemodynamic control (rate of blood loss, average mean arterial pressure [MAP], average heart rate [HR]). Hypothesis of no difference between drugs formed before data collection. RESULTS: Of the 32 adults given drug (mean age = 50), 28 patients (13 esmolol and 15 labetalol) with complete data were included in the final analysis. There were no statistically significant differences between esmolol and labetalol in rate of blood loss (0.59 [0.28] vs 0.66 [0.37] mL/min, P = 0.62), average MAP (79.7 [7.5] vs 79.4 [7.7] mm Hg, P = .93), HR (72 [8.7] vs 68 [11.7] bpm, P = .26), or mean visibility scores for the Boezaart (3.1 [0.69] vs 3.1 [0.89], P = .85) and Wormald (6.1 [1.7] vs 5.9 [1.9], P = .72) grading scales. CONCLUSIONS: There were no significant differences between esmolol and labetalol in rate of blood loss, MAP control, HR, or surgical visibility in FESS. Either drug may be used, and other considerations (availability, cost) can dictate choice.
Prevention of Pathological Atrial Remodeling and Atrial Fibrillation: JACC State-of-the-Art Review.; Atrial enlargement in response to pathological stimuli (e.g., hypertension, mitral valve disease) and physiological stimuli (exercise, pregnancy) can be comparable in magnitude, but the diseased enlarged atria is associated with complications such as atrial fibrillation (AF), whereas physiological atrial enlargement is not. Pathological atrial enlargement and AF is also observed in a small percentage of athletes undergoing extreme/intense endurance sport and pregnant women with preeclampsia. Differences between physiological and pathological atrial enlargement and underlying mechanisms are poorly understood. This review describes human and animal studies characterizing atrial enlargement under physiological and pathological conditions and highlights key knowledge gaps and clinical challenges, including: 1) the limited ability of atria to reverse remodel; and 2) distinguishing physiological and pathological enlargement via imaging/biomarkers. Finally, this review discusses how targeting distinct molecular mechanisms underlying physiological and pathological atrial enlargement could provide new therapeutic and diagnostic strategies for preventing or reversing atrial enlargement and AF.
Management of pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders in patients infected with SARS CoV-2: pharmacological and clinical issues.; Coronavirus-19 disease (COVID-19) continues to spread throughout the world. It is known that among patients with hypertension, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, or cardiovascular diseases, COVID-19 is associated with greater morbidity and mortality compared with patients without these conditions. This correlation is of great importance in pregnant women affected by COVID-19, since it usually leads to the development of a serious clinical complication. In particular, managing hypertensive disorders in pregnancy can be problematic because antihypertensive medications may interact pharmacologically with drugs used to treat COVID-19. This review focuses on the safety of drug treatment for COVID-19 in pregnant women treated with antihypertensive medication. Several databases were searched to identify relevant literature. A few antihypertensive drugs and antithrombotic treatments are known for having a beneficial effect in the management of hypertension and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. In this review, we focus on the expected drug-drug interactions with the experimental agents most often used to treat COVID-19. The current indications for the management of hypertension-related disorders in pregnancy maintain their validity, while the risk of pharmacological interaction with the currently tested anti-SARS-CoV-2 medications is relatively low.
Maternal factors in developmental toxicity.; The maternal organism provides the developing embryo with its physical environment, nutrients, and a mechanism for eliminating metabolic wastes. Since the physiological state of the pregnant female affects her ability to provide those requirements for the developing embryo, it is not surprising that there are maternal factors that can affect the wellbeing of the embryo. Extremes of maternal age in both humans and animals have been implicated in growth retardation, as well as autosomal trisomies. The influence of maternal size on fetal size is more pronounced among larger species with longer gestation periods such as humans and domestic animals. A clear relationship between the parity of the mother and potential developmental toxicity in humans has not been established due to the confounding influences of maternal age. Among laboratory rodents, however, it appears that offspring of multiparous animals are at increased risk of developmental toxicity. A variety of infectious agents, particularly viruses, have either been demonstrated or implicated as causes of developmental toxicity. In addition, hyperthermia is a possible confounding factor inherent with maternal infection. Although under experimental conditions hyperthermia is teratogenic in laboratory animals, a causative role for transient hyperthermia, which occurs during febrile states concomitant with infections, cannot be clearly established. Chronic maternal vascular disease states including essential hypertension, heart disease, or diabetes mellitus are likely to contribute to uteroplacental insufficiency and developmental toxicity. Poor maternal nutrition among humans contributes to growth retardation, but not to malformations. The production of "abnormal" maternal antibodies, such as are present in Rh incompatibility, can cause fetal wastage. An important maternal factor in humans is uteroplacental insufficiency, which can occur in normal states like twinning, as well as in abnormal conditions including reduced placental size, chronic maternal hypoxia, or uterine ischemia. Although all these maternal factors can contribute to developmental toxicity, they do not necessarily occur as isolated events. Some developmental toxicants exert deleterious effects within both the embryo and the maternal system.
Fetal Vascular Malperfusion.; CONTEXT: - Fetal vascular malperfusion, also known as fetal thrombotic vasculopathy, remains an underrecognized pathologic finding and should be noted during placental evaluation. OBJECTIVE: - To review histologic findings, gain familiarity with the updated terminology, and to recognize important clinical associations with this entity. DATA SOURCES: - University of Michigan cases, PubMed search, multiple review articles including recent placental workshop group consensus statement, and selected book chapters. CONCLUSIONS: - Multiple histologic patterns of fetal vascular malperfusion have been described including thrombosis, avascular villi, villous stromal-vascular karyorrhexis, intramural fibrin thrombi, and stem villous vascular obliteration. Various underlying etiologies can be involved in fetal vascular malperfusion. Cord lesions including abnormal insertion, length, and coiling are important causes. Maternal vascular malperfusion such as preeclampsia, hypercoagulable states, lupus anticoagulant, and sometimes diabetes have been associated with this condition. Fetal cardiac dysfunction/malformations and severe fetal inflammatory response in the setting of ascending intrauterine infection have also been attributed to this important finding. Fetal vascular malperfusion has been implicated in several significant and sometimes devastating clinical associations; these include intrauterine growth restriction, poor perinatal outcome, fetal demise, and neurodevelopmental sequelae. A diagnostic challenge may be encountered in cases with prior intrauterine fetal death, since degenerative changes post demise result in a similar histomorphologic picture. The diffuse versus the focal nature of the lesions may help in the distinction.
Influence of pregnancy on long-term progression of retinopathy in patients with type 1 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Pregnancy in type 1 diabetic women is associated with risk of worsening of retinopathy. It has been reported that deterioration continues in the months after delivery, but direct data are lacking. It is also unclear what impact pregnancy has on the long-term progression of retinopathy. METHODS: We studied 59 women with type 1 diabetes who had retinal photographs before pregnancy and yearly for 5 years post pregnancy. These photographs were graded using the EURODIAB retinopathy grading system. RESULTS: The mean duration of diabetes was 14.4+/-8.2 years and mean age at pregnancy was 29.8+/-5.5 years. Mean HbA(1c) was 8.2+/-2.0% before pregnancy with tighter control during pregnancy itself. This value was high despite efforts to improve take-up of pre-conception care. Mean HbA(1c) was 8.6+/-1.5 during the follow-up period. At baseline, 43 (72.9%) women were free of retinopathy, 15 had non-proliferative retinopathy and one woman had previously had laser therapy. During pregnancy four women required laser therapy. Over the next 5 years none required laser therapy, although retinopathy worsened in 14 women. Ten-year follow-up data were available on 22 women, one of whom required laser therapy 8 years after pregnancy. Baseline retinopathy status was the only independent risk factor which predicted progression of retinopathy. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Pregnancy is not associated with post-partum worsening of retinopathy.
Ljungan virus: a commentary on its association with fetal and infant morbidity and mortality in animals and humans.; Epidemiologic and experimental data support the notion that Ljungan virus (LV), endemic in some rodent populations in Sweden, Denmark, and the United States, can cause morbidity and mortality in animals and humans. LV infection can cause type I diabetes mellitus, myocarditis, and encephalitis in bank voles and experimental mice, and lemmings. Mouse dams infected with LV experience high rates of stillbirth that may persist across generations, and their fetuses may develop cranial, brain, and limb malformations. In humans, epidemiologic and serologic data suggest that LV infection correlates with intrauterine fetal death, malformations, placental inflammation, myocarditis, encephalitis, and Guillain-Barré syndrome. The proposed role of LV infection in SIDS is unconvincing. Further research is necessary to clarify the role of LV infection in animal and human disease.
Final height data, body composition and glucose metabolism in growth hormone-treated short children born small for gestational age.; Low birth weight has been associated with impaired insulin sensitivity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and cardiovascular disease in later life. GH therapy is known to increase fasting and postprandial insulin levels. For this reason concern has been expressed regarding the possible detrimental effects of GH therapy in children born small for gestational age (SGA). To assess the effects of GH therapy on body composition, carbohydrate metabolism and final height in short SGA children, 165 prepubertal short children born SGA were enrolled in either a multicentre, double-blind, randomized, dose-response GH trial (n = 75) or in a GH controlled trial (n = 90). The inclusion criteria were: (1) birth length standard deviation score (SDS) below -2; (2) age 3-8 years; (3) height SDS below -2. The children's mean (SD) age was 7.3 (2.1) years (GH dose-response trial) and 6.0 (1.5) years (GH controlled trial), birth length SDS was -3.6 and height SDS was -3.0 (0.7). In the GH dose-response trial, children were randomly assigned to either 1 mg GH/m(2) per day (group A, n = 41) or 2 mg GH/m(2) per day (group B, n = 38) ( approximately 0.033 or 0.067 mg/kg per day, respectively). In the GH controlled trial, children were randomly assigned to 1 mg GH/m(2) per day (n = 60) or served as controls (n = 30). Subjects underwent standard oral glucose tolerance tests and measurement of body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and serum lipids at baseline and after 1 and 6 years of GH therapy and again 6 months after discontinuation of GH. Body composition was measured by dual energy x-ray absorptiometry at baseline and again after 3 years in the GH controlled trial. Mean (SD) final height SDS was not significantly different between the two GH dosage groups: -1.2 (0.7) in group A and -0.8 (0.7) in group B. At the start of GH therapy, 8% of children had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Systolic blood pressure was significantly higher in comparison with healthy peers. GH therapy induced considerably higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels after 1 and 6 years, regardless of GH dosage. After 6 years, 4% of children had IGT. Six months after discontinuation of GH, glucose levels remained normal, whereas fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin returned to levels comparable to those of healthy peers. None of the children developed diabetes. During 6 years of GH therapy both systolic and diastolic blood pressure decreased significantly and remained so after discontinuation of GH therapy. At baseline all children had reduced bone mineral content and lean body mass. Fat mass was not significantly lower than normal. Treatment with 1 mg GH/m(2) per day resulted in a significant increase in (and normalization of) bone mineral content and lean body mass in comparison with untreated short SGA controls. Fat mass decreased during the first year of GH but returned to values comparable to those at baseline in the following 2 years of GH therapy. We found that long-term, continuous GH therapy in short children born SGA leads to a normalization of height during childhood and to a normal final height in most children, regardless of GH dosage. Only very short or relatively older children may need a dosage of 2 mg GH/m(2) per day. Long-term GH therapy had no adverse effects on glucose levels and serum lipids and had a positive effect on blood pressure, even with GH dosages of up to 2 mg/m(2) per day. However, as has been reported in other patient groups, GH induced higher fasting and glucose-stimulated insulin levels, indicating insulin resistance. After discontinuation of GH serum insulin levels returned to normal age-reference levels. Short SGA children have a reduction in bone mineral content and lean body mass when compared with healthy controls, which significantly improved (normalized) with GH therapy at a dose of 1 mg/m(2) per day.
[Investigation of diabetic retinopathy progression in women with diabetes mellitus during pregnancy].; PURPOSE: The study evaluates the transient and stationary diabetic retinal changes in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (DM) based on the analysis of individual clinical cases of diabetic retinopathy (DR) progression. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The study examined 24 pregnant women with DM. The examination was carried out in each trimester of pregnancy and 6 months after delivery. In 10 pregnant women DR was not detected, and 14 (58%) were diagnosed with DR. RESULTS: Progression of DR during pregnancy was observed in 9 patients with pre-proliferative and proliferative DR (PPDR and PDR) and uncompensated glycemia, 3 patients developed macular edema (ME) in both eyes. Panretinal laser coagulation (PRLC) was performed in patients with ongoing DR progression. In the postpartum period, the manifestations of DR did not regress. ME turned out to be transient in one patient with PPDR. Three clinical cases of DR manifesting in the first trimester of pregnancy are presented: PPDR with transient ME, PDR with ME, non-proliferative DR with a stable course. CONCLUSION: 1. DR detected at the beginning of gestation in women with decompensated glycemic status progressed in 64% of cases. 2. Progression of DR during pregnancy was noted in patients with PPDR and PDR. 3. Progression of DR during pregnancy is more often true than transient. 4. Detection of PPDR and PDR during pregnancy is a direct indication for laser coagulation of the retina.
Anthropometrics at birth and risk of a primary central nervous system tumour: A systematic review and meta-analysis.; BACKGROUND: The aetiology of primary central nervous system (CNS) tumours remains largely unknown, but their childhood peak points to perinatal parameters as tentative risk factors. In this meta-analysis, we opted to quantitatively synthesise published evidence on the association between birth anthropometrics and risk of primary CNS tumour. METHODS: Eligible studies were identified via systematic literature review; random-effects meta-analyses were conducted for the effect of birth weight and size-for-gestational-age on childhood and adult primary CNS tumours; subgroup, sensitivity, meta-regression and dose-response by birth weight category analyses were also performed. RESULTS: Forty-one articles, encompassing 53,167 CNS tumour cases, were eligible. Birth weight >4000 g was associated with increased risk of childhood CNS tumour (OR: 1.14, [1.08-1.20]; 22,330 cases). The risk was higher for astrocytoma (OR: 1.22, [1.13-1.31]; 7456 cases) and embryonal tumour (OR: 1.16, [1.04-1.29]; 3574 cases) and non-significant for ependymoma (OR: 1.12, [0.94-1.34]; 1374 cases). Increased odds for a CNS tumour were also noted among large-for-gestational-age children (OR: 1.12, [1.03-1.22]; 10,339 cases), whereas insufficient data for synthesis were identified for other birth anthropometrics. The findings remained robust across subgroup and sensitivity analyses controlling for several sources of bias, whereas no significant heterogeneity or publication bias were documented. The limited available evidence on adults (4 studies) did not reveal significant associations between increasing birth weight (500-g increment) and overall risk CNS tumour (OR: 0.99, [0.98-1.00]; 1091 cases) or glioma (OR: 1.03, [0.98-1.07]; 2052 cases). CONCLUSIONS: This meta-analysis confirms a sizeable association of high birth weight, with childhood CNS tumour risk, particularly astrocytoma and embryonal tumour, which seems to be independent of gestational age. Further research is needed to explore underlying mechanisms, especially modifiable determinants of infant macrosomia, such as gestational diabetes.
Association Between Cervical Cancer Screening Guidelines and Preterm Delivery Among Females Aged 18 to 24 Years.; IMPORTANCE: Cervical cancer screening is associated with reduced cervical cancer mortality; however, clinical trials have also shown an association between excisional procedures for cervical neoplasia and an increased risk of preterm delivery (PTD). National screening guidelines must weigh adverse effects on birth outcomes against benefits of cancer prevention. OBJECTIVE: To ascertain the population-level association between the number of guideline-recommended cervical cancer screenings and downstream PTD risk among females aged 18 to 24 years. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cross-sectional study used a difference-in-differences approach based on variation in the recommended number of cervical cancer screenings (over time and across individuals giving birth at different ages) to estimate the association between the cumulative recommended number of screenings (by the time of childbirth) and PTD risk. National Vital Statistics System data from females aged 18 to 24 years who had a singleton, nulliparous birth in the US between 1996 and 2018 were used. Regression models were adjusted for maternal educational level, race and ethnicity, comorbidities, marital status, and prenatal care visits. Data were analyzed between June 2020 and March 2023. EXPOSURE: A constructed variable capturing the cumulative number of guideline-recommended cervical cancer screenings for an individual based on their age and year of childbirth. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Binary indicators for PTD and very preterm delivery (VPTD), defined as delivery before 37 and 34 weeks' gestational age, respectively, and gestational age was measured in weeks from the first day of the last menstrual period. RESULTS: Among 11 333 151 females aged 18 to 24 years who gave birth between 1996 and 2018, 2 069 713 were Black (18.3%), 2 601 225 were Hispanic (23.0%), 6 068 498 were White (53.5%) individuals, and 593 715 (5.2%) were individuals of other race or ethnicity (Alaska Native; American Indian; Asian; Pacific Islander; multiracial; or unknown or missing race or ethnicity). Mean (SD) age was 20.9 (1.9) years, and 766 001 individuals (6.8%) had hypertension or diabetes. The mean (SD) number of guideline-recommended screenings by time of childbirth was 2.4 (2.2). Overall, PTD and VPTD occurred in 1 140 490 individuals (10.1%) and 333 040 (2.9%) of births, respectively. One additional recommended screening was associated with a 0.073 (95% CI, 0.026-0.120) percentage-point increase in PTD risk but no statistically significant change in VPTD risk. Females with hypertension or diabetes had a higher increase in PTD risk than those without these comorbidities (0.26 [95% CI, 0.11-0.4] vs 0.06 [95% CI, 0.01-0.10] percentage points; Wald test P < .001). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Findings of this cross-sectional study suggest that additional recommended cervical cancer screenings before birth were associated with an increased risk of PTD. These results can be used in future simulation models integrating oncological trade-offs to help ascertain optimal screening strategies.
Review on intrauterine programming: Consequences in rodent models of mild diabetes and mild fat overfeeding are not mild.; An adverse intrauterine programming occurs in diabetes and obesity as the consequence of an adverse maternal environment that affects the appropriate fetoplacental development and growth. Experimental models of diabetes and fat overfeeding have provided relevant tools to address putative mechanisms of the adverse intrauterine programming. The current knowledge far extends from the original thoughts of the resulting intrauterine programming of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases to a full range of alterations that affect multiple tissues, organs, and systems that will compromise the long-life health of the offspring. This review examines the postnatal effects of rodent models of mild diabetes and fat overfeeding, identifying the multiple organ derangements in the offspring resulting from mild maternal adverse conditions. In addition, the comparison of experimental models of severe diabetes and fat overfeeding and the crucial role of the placenta are discussed, providing an update of the actual scenario of the putative mechanisms and adverse consequences of maternal metabolic derangements.
Screening and subsequent management for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant health.; BACKGROUND: Thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy (both hyper- and hypothyroidism) is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes for mothers and infants in the short- and long-term. Managing the thyroid dysfunction (e.g. thyroxine for hypothyroidism, or antithyroid medication for hyperthyroidism) may improve outcomes. The best method of screening to identify and subsequently manage thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy is unknown. OBJECTIVES: To assess the effects of different screening methods (and subsequent management) for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy on maternal and infant outcomes. SEARCH METHODS: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 July 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials, comparing any screening method (e.g. tool, program, guideline/protocol) for detecting thyroid dysfunction (including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and/or thyroid autoimmunity) pre-pregnancy or during pregnancy with no screening, or alternative screening methods. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Two review authors independently assessed eligibility of studies, extracted and checked data accuracy, and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. MAIN RESULTS: We included two randomised controlled trials (involving 26,408 women) - these trials were considered to be at low risk of bias. Universal screening (screening all women) versus case finding (screening only those at perceived increased risk) in pregnancy for thyroid dysfunctionOne trial (4562 women) compared universal screening with case finding for thyroid dysfunction. Before 11 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group, and 'high-risk' women in the case finding group had their sera tested for TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone), fT4 (free thyroxine) and TPO-Ab (thyroid peroxidase antibody); women with hypothyroidism (TSH > 2.5 mIU/litre) received levothyroxine; women with hyperthyroidism (undetectable TSH and elevated fT4) received antithyroid medication.In regards to this review's primary outcomes, compared with the case finding group, more women in the universal screening group were diagnosed with hypothyroidism (risk ratio (RR) 3.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women; GRADE: high quality evidence), with a trend towards more women being diagnosed with hyperthyroidism (RR 4.50, 95% CI 0.97 to 20.82; 4562 women; P = 0.05; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). No clear differences were seen in the risks of pre-eclampsia (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.18; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or preterm birth (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.24; 4516 women; GRADE: high quality evidence) between groups. This trial did not report on neurosensory disability for the infant as a child.Considering this review's secondary outcomes, more women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women). No clear differences between groups were observed for miscarriage (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.19; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), fetal and neonatal death (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.02; 4516 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or other secondary outcomes: pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, congestive heart failure, thyroid storm, mode of birth (caesarean section), preterm labour, placental abruption, respiratory distress syndrome, low birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, or other congenital malformations. The trial did not report on a number of outcomes including adverse effects associated with the intervention. Universal screening versus no screening in pregnancy for hypothyroidismOne trial (21,846 women) compared universal screening with no screening for hypothyroidism. Before 15 + 6 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group had their sera tested; women who screened 'positive' (TSH > 97.5th percentile, fT4 < 2.5th percentile, or both) received levothyroxine.Considering primary review outcomes, compared with the no screening group, more women in the universal screening screened 'positive' for hypothyroidism (RR 998.18, 95% CI 62.36 to 15,978.48; 21,839 women; GRADE: high quality evidence). No data were provided for the outcome pre-eclampsia, and for preterm birth, the trial reported rates of 5.6% and 7.9% for the screening and no screening groups respectively (it was unclear if these percentages related to the entire cohort or women who screened positive). No clear difference was seen for neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (three-year follow-up IQ score < 85) (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.22; 794 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence).More women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 1102.90, 95% CI 69.07 to 17,610.46; 1050 women); 10% had their dose lowered because of low TSH, high fT4 or minor side effects. No clear differences were observed for other secondary outcomes, including developmental delay/intellectual impairment at three years. Most of our secondary outcomes, including miscarriage, fetal or neonatal death were not reported. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Based on the existing evidence, though universal screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy increases the number of women diagnosed with hypothyroidism who can be subsequently treated, it does not clearly impact (benefit or harm) maternal and infant outcomes.While universal screening versus case finding for thyroid dysfunction increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, we found no clear differences for the primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia or preterm birth. No clear differences were seen for secondary outcomes, including miscarriage and fetal or neonatal death; data were lacking for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child, and for many secondary outcomes. Though universal screening versus no screening for hypothyroidism similarly increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, no clear difference was seen for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (IQ < 85 at three years); data were lacking for the other primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia and preterm birth, and for the majority of secondary outcomes.For outcomes assessed using the GRADE approach the evidence was considered to be moderate or high quality, with any downgrading of the evidence based on the presence of wide confidence intervals crossing the line of no effect.More evidence is needed to assess the benefits or harms of different screening methods for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy, on maternal, infant and child health outcomes. Future trials should assess impacts on use of health services and costs, and be adequately powered to evaluate the effects on short- and long-term outcomes.
Health and fertility in World Health Organization group 2 anovulatory women.; BACKGROUND: Disruption of ovulation occurs in different types of clinical infertility. The World Health Organization (WHO) has provided a classification of ovulation disorders. This review focuses on WHO group 2 anovulation. METHODS: Searches were performed in Medline/PubMed and EMBASE. Each subject summary was presented to the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE) Workshop Group, where omissions or disagreements were resolved by discussion. RESULTS: Disorders resulting in ovulatory disturbances are a relatively common cause of infertility. They occur most frequently in the context of WHO group 2 anovulation as reflected, for example, in the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The aetiology of PCOS remains unclear but evidence exists for a multifactorial origin with a genetic predisposition. Women with PCOS show an increased time to pregnancy but their eventual family size is not necessarily reduced. Also their frequency of miscarriage does not appear increased. Clomiphene citrate is still the first-line treatment in subfertile anovulatory patients with PCOS, with gonadotrophins and laparoscopic ovarian surgery as second-line options. Aromatase inhibitors show promising results. CONCLUSIONS: Long-term health risks in patients with WHO group 2 anovulation demand their general health be monitored, even after their reproductive needs have been fulfilled. Metabolic and cardiovascular risk prevention in women with PCOS should start as early as possible. It is not easy to analyse the possible role of PCOS, independent of obesity, metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance and diabetes, on long-term health.
Helping patients travel by air.; Although safe and rapid, air travel may present problems for people with certain medical conditions. Most medical emergencies that occur during a flight are preventable by judicious screening and preparation. We provide guidelines for physicians who are consulted about the wisdom of undertaking a journey by air. Potential stresses before, during and after the flight are outlined, including decreased atmospheric pressure, low humidity, turbulence, inactivity and time changes. We recommend precautionary measures for passengers with certain medical conditions, such as recent myocardial infarction, pulmonary disorders, pneumothorax, cerebrovascular accidents and diabetes and for those who have recently had surgery. The policy regarding air travel for pregnant women varies with each airline, but for certain conditions associated with pregnancy supplemental oxygen should be ordered before the trip. The special equipment and care that most airlines offer to ill or disabled people are described.
Early prediction of antepartum hypertension.; We validated a mid-pregnancy screening mean arterial pressure (MAP2) of 85 mmHg or higher as a significant predictor of hypertension in pregnancy. During the 17-month period from October 1984 through February 1986, 730 women, or 16% of all women cared for and delivered at our institution, were screened at or near 20 weeks of amenorrhea. Of the 139 women with a MAP2 of 85 mmHg or higher, 21.6% developed antepartum hypertension, compared with only 0.7% of the 591 women with a MAP2 below 85 mmHg. The screening MAP2 level of 85 mmHg was the optimal cutoff for MAP2 as a screening test. Controlling for the value of the screening MAP2, the only other important predictors of antepartum hypertension were chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Using these three variables, the probability that an individual pregnant woman will develop antepartum hypertension can be assessed with a high degree of accuracy (84.5%) by 20 weeks of amenorrhea. This assessment is noninvasive and simple to use. Three distinct levels of risk have been defined; the moderate- and high-risk groups warrant careful surveillance during pregnancy and may be reasonable groups in which to test preventive interventions.
[Neonatal morbidity and mortality according to intrauterine growth pattern].; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the influence of intrauterine growth on neonatal morbidity and mortality in live neonates born in a regional tertiary care center. PATIENTS AND METHODS: A retrospective cohort study was performed. Data from 12,311 live neonates (LN) born in our hospital (from January 1999 to December 2003) were reviewed to analyze neonatal morbidity and mortality according to whether the LN were appropriate (AGA), small (SGA) or large (LGA) for gestational age. The variables collected from birth to hospital discharge were: gestational abnormalities, gender, delivery type, Apgar score, respiratory distress, presentation of obstetric trauma (including cephalohematomas), hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, congenital malformations, heart disease, and type of hospital discharge. Differences were examined among groups. We used the chi-squared test to compare the frequency of these variables in each group. RESULTS: Data from 12,311 LN were entered into the database; 11,182 (90.8%) were AGA, 743 (6.1%) were LGA and 386 (3.1%) were SGA. There were 52.58% boys and 47.42% girls, and 5.5% of LN had macrosomia (birth weight > 4,000 g). A total of 0.39% of LN died before hospital discharge. Among LN, there were 1,215 preterm infants, representing 9.89% of all LN and 2.63% died (SGA 25% and AGA 75%). There was a prevalence of boys in the LGA group and of girls in the SGA group (p = 0.000). The presence of maternal diabetes (pregestational or gestational) was significantly higher (p = 0.000) in the LGA group. Maternal hypertension, smoking and drug addiction were significantly higher in the SGA group. The finding of obstetric trauma was significantly higher in the LGA group (p = 0.000). The proportion of congenital malformations, hypocalcemia and hypoglycemia was higher in the SGA group than in the AGA and LGA groups (p = 0.000). Neonatal mortality was significantly higher (p = 0.000) in the SGA group and preterm infants. CONCLUSIONS: Neonates with deviations in the pattern of intra-uterine growth had worse outcome. Prognosis was worse in SGA neonates, followed by LGA neonates, than in AGA neonates.
Polyhydramnios, megalencephaly and symptomatic epilepsy caused by a homozygous 7-kilobase deletion in LYK5.; We used single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) microarrays to investigate the cause of a symptomatic epilepsy syndrome in a group of seven distantly related Old Order Mennonite children. Autozygosity mapping was inconclusive, but closer inspection of the data followed by formal SNP copy number analyses showed that all affected patients had homozygous deletions of a single SNP (rs721575) and their parents were hemizygous for this marker. The deleted SNP marked a larger deletion encompassing exons 9-13 of LYK5, which encodes STE20-related adaptor protein, a pseudokinase necessary for proper localization and function of serine/threonine kinase 11 (a.k.a. LKB1). Homozygous LYK5 deletions were associated with polyhydramnios, preterm labour and distinctive craniofacial features. Affected children had large heads, infantile-onset intractable multifocal seizures and severe psychomotor retardation. We designated this condition PMSE syndrome (polyhydramnios, megalencephaly and symptomatic epilepsy). Thirty-eight percent (N = 16) of affected children died during childhood (ages 7 months to 6 years) from medical complications of the disorder, which included status epilepticus, congestive heart failure due to atrial septal defect and hypernatremic dehydration due to diabetes insipidus. A single post-mortem neuropathological study revealed megalencephaly, ventriculomegaly, cytomegaly and extensive vacuolization and astrocytosis of white matter. There was abundant anti-phospho-ribosomal S6 labelling of large cells within the frontal cortex, basal ganglia, hippocampus and spinal cord, consistent with constitutive activation of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signalling pathway in brain.
Contribution of hypertension to severe maternal morbidity.; BACKGROUND: Maternal mortality and severe maternal morbidity are growing public health concerns in the United States. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Severe Maternal Morbidity measure provides insight into processes underlying maternal mortality and may highlight modifiable risk factors for adverse maternal health outcomes. OBJECTIVE: The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the association between hypertensive disorders and severe maternal morbidity at a regional perinatal referral center. We hypothesized that women with preeclampsia with severe features would have a higher rate of severe maternal morbidity compared to normotensive women. We also assessed the proportion of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses that were present on admission, in contrast to those arising during the delivery hospitalization. STUDY DESIGN: In this retrospective cross-sectional analysis, we assessed rates of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses (eg, renal insufficiency, shock, and sepsis) and procedures (eg, transfusion and hysterectomy) for all 7025 women who delivered at the University of Washington Medical Center from Oct. 1, 2013, through May 31, 2017. Severe maternal morbidity was determined from prespecified International Classification of Diseases diagnosis and procedure codes; all diagnoses were confirmed by chart review. Present-on-admission rates were calculated for each diagnosis through hospital administrative data provided by the Vizient University Health System Consortium. Maternal demographic and clinical characteristics were compared for women with and without severe maternal morbidity. The χ(2) and Fisher exact tests were used to determine statistical significance. Odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were calculated for the associations between maternal demographic and clinical characteristics and severe maternal morbidity. RESULTS: Of 7025 deliveries, 284 (4%) had severe maternal morbidity; 154 had transfusion only, 27 had other procedures, and 103 women had 149 severe maternal morbidity diagnoses (26 women had multiple diagnoses). Severe preeclampsia occurred in 438 deliveries (6.2%). Notably, hypertension was associated with severe maternal morbidity in a dose-dependent fashion, with the strongest association observed for preeclampsia with severe features (odds ratio, 5.4; 95% confidence interval, 3.9-7.3). Severe maternal morbidity was also significantly associated with preeclampsia without severe features, chronic hypertension, preterm delivery, pregestational diabetes, and multiple gestation. Among women with severe maternal morbidity, over one third of preterm births were associated with maternal hypertension. American Indian/Alaskan Native women had significantly higher severe maternal morbidity rates compared to other racial/ethnic groups (11.7% vs 3.9% for Whites, P < .01). Overall, 39.6% of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses were present on admission. CONCLUSION: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are strongly associated with severe maternal morbidity in a dose-dependent relationship, suggesting that strategies to address rising maternal morbidity rates should include early recognition and management of hypertension. Prevention strategies focused on hypertension might also impact medically indicated preterm deliveries. The finding of increased severe maternal morbidity among American Indian/Alaskan Native women, a disadvantaged population in Washington State, underscores the role that socioeconomic factors may play in adverse maternal health outcomes. As 39% of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses were present on admission, this measure should be risk-adjusted if used as a quality metric for comparison between hospitals.
Relationship of prospective diabetes control in pregnancy to neonatal cardiorespiratory function.; We evaluated two groups of diabetic women in pregnancy who differed primarily in the time of initiation of careful diabetes management. Group A (early) were entered in the first trimester (n = 35); group B (late) were entered in the late second or early third trimester (n = 28). Normal women delivering at the same period were used as controls (n = 23). All infants were evaluated by a thorough clinical and echocardiographic examination between 24 and 72 hours of life. Both groups of infants of diabetic mothers had mild increase in mean thickness of ventricular and septal walls compared with those of normal newborn infants, and both had a significant percentage with septal hypertrophy (43% vs 39%). None of the infants in the early group had respiratory symptoms requiring oxygen therapy, compared with 19% in the late group. The early group had significantly fewer infants with elevated right ventricular systolic time interval ratios than did the late group (20% vs 50%); none of the normal infants had elevated ratios. We conclude that careful management of diabetes in pregnancy reduces the severity of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, although no advantage of early vs late management was obvious. Early management does significantly reduce the number of infants of diabetic mothers who develop respiratory symptoms requiring oxygen therapy.
[Periodontitis and systemic diseases].; Periodontitis is a condition of suffering of gingival and periodontal tissues. To the light of the available knowledges till now on the pathogenetic mechanisms of such affection is possible to affirm that the different risk factors can influence onset of it, evolution and therapeutic possibility. In the examination of the risk factors in the development of the periodontal pathology the effects of the systemic conditions on the health of the oral cavity has been considered, as well as the influence of the periodontal pathology on the onset and on the evolution of several systemic pathologies and related to some physiological conditions (e.g. the pregnancy).
Maternal cardiovascular disease after twin pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a population-based cohort study.; BACKGROUND: People whose singleton pregnancy is affected by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at risk of future cardiovascular disease. It is unclear, however, whether this association can be extrapolated to twin pregnancies. We aimed to compare the association between HDP and future cardiovascular disease after twin and singleton pregnancies. METHODS: We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study that included nulliparous people in Ontario, Canada, 1992-2017. We compared the future risk of cardiovascular disease among pregnant people from the following 4 groups: those who delivered a singleton without HDP (referent) and with HDP, and those who delivered twins either with or without HDP. RESULTS: The populations of the 4 groups were as follows: 1 431 651 pregnant people in the singleton birth without HDP group; 98 631 singleton birth with HDP; 21 046 twin birth without HDP; and 4283 twin birth with HDP. The median duration of follow-up was 13 (interquartile range 7-20) years. The incidence rate of cardiovascular disease was lowest among those with a singleton or twin birth without HDP (0.72 and 0.74 per 1000 person-years, respectively). Compared with people with a singleton birth without HDP, the risk of cardiovascular disease was highest among those with a singleton birth and HDP (1.47 per 1000 person-years; adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.81 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.72-1.90]), followed by people with a twin pregnancy and HDP (1.07 per 1000 person-years; adjusted HR 1.36 [95% CI 1.04-1.77]). The risk of the primary outcome after a twin pregnancy with HDP was lower than that after a singleton pregnancy with HDP (adjusted HR 0.74 [95% CI 0.57-0.97]), when compared directly. INTERPRETATION: In a twin pregnancy, HDP are weaker risk factors for postpartum cardiovascular disease than in a singleton pregnancy.
[Some important clinical aspects of cytomegalovirus infection].; Some important aspects of human cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection were discussed from a clinical point of view. Congenital infection: The mass-screening of pregnant women is not justified at present, mainly because of limited value of diagnostic methods for detecting fetal infection and unavailability of effective measure for prevention. Extensive diagnostic approach and intrauterine therapy may be applicable in the case of intrauterine growth retardation or abnormal ultrasonographic findings. DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT: The demonstration of viral antigens in peripheral blood leukocytes has been proven to be a useful tool for monitoring organ transplant recipients for the early diagnosis of CMV disease, timely application of antiviral therapy and evaluating the efficacy of the treatment. However, this method is not a valid support for detecting CMV disease due to perinatal infection. FUTURE PROSPECTS: FUTURE PROSPECTS of research may include investigations for the possible pathogenic role of chronic CMV infection in diseases of unknown etiology such as diabetes mellitus, neurological disorders, ischemic heart disease, autoimmune diseases, or cancers especially in cervix, prostate and rectum.
Exercise as a therapeutic intervention to optimize fetal weight.; The Developmental Origins of Health and Disease suggest the in utero environment programs offspring obesity and cardiovascular disease. Therefore, there is a need to implement safe therapeutic interventions that do not involve the intake of medications or biological products during pregnancy that can improve maternal and fetal health. Prenatal exercise is established to promote maternal and fetal health. It is generally recommended that women accumulate at least 150 min per week of moderate-intensity exercise. It has been demonstrated that prenatal exercise maintains healthy weight gain and improves maternal glucose control, maternal cardiac autonomic control, placental efficiency (increases angiogenesis, downregulates genes involved in fatty acid transport and insulin transport across the placenta, and upregulates genes involved in amino acid transport across the placenta), and oxidative stress. These adaptations following exercise improve maternal metabolism and provide adequate uteroplacental perfusion. In this review, we will focus on exercise as a therapeutic intervention to optimize fetal weight. It has been established that prenatal exercise does not increase the risk of having a small for gestational age baby. To the contrary, prenatal exercise has been associated with the prevention of excessive fat accumulation in the newborn and the maintenance of fetal muscle mass.
Congenital heart disease: current knowledge about causes and inheritance.; About 80% of congenital heart disease (CHD) is multifactorial and arises through various combinations of genetic and environmental contributors. About 20% of cases can be attributed to chromosomal anomalies, Mendelian syndromes, non-syndromal single gene disorders or teratogens. Down syndrome and velocardiofacial syndrome are the most commonly seen syndromes in patients with CHD. To date, more than 30 genes have been linked to non-syndromal forms of CHD. Their contribution to CHD remains unknown but is presumed to be relatively small. There is limited evidence for the contribution of specific environmental factors to CHD causation. However, folic acid supplementation in the pre- and peri-conception period, ensuring rubella vaccination has been completed before pregnancy, and maintaining good glycaemic control in mothers with diabetes may reduce the risk of CHD in infants. Recurrence risks vary between different types of non-syndromal CHD with multifactorial inheritance, and can be as high as 10% when two or more siblings are affected. Generally, the recurrence risk increases if a parent rather than a sibling is affected, particularly when the affected parent is the mother. Individualised recurrence risks can be generated for members of families affected by CHD after obtaining a detailed family history, including accurate cardiac diagnoses for all affected members. High-throughput genetic techniques can accelerate gene discovery and improve our ability to provide individualised genetic counselling.
REVIEW: Oxytocin: Crossing the bridge between basic science and pharmacotherapy.; Is oxytocin the hormone of happiness? Probably not. However, this small nine amino acid peptide is involved in a wide variety of physiological and pathological functions such as sexual activity, penile erection, ejaculation, pregnancy, uterus contraction, milk ejection, maternal behavior, osteoporosis, diabetes, cancer, social bonding, and stress, which makes oxytocin and its receptor potential candidates as targets for drug therapy. In this review, we address the issues of drug design and specificity and focus our discussion on recent findings on oxytocin and its heterotrimeric G protein-coupled receptor OTR. In this regard, we will highlight the following topics: (i) the role of oxytocin in behavior and affectivity, (ii) the relationship between oxytocin and stress with emphasis on the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis, (iii) the involvement of oxytocin in pain regulation and nociception, (iv) the specific action mechanisms of oxytocin on intracellular Ca²(+) in the hypothalamo neurohypophysial system (HNS) cell bodies, (v) newly generated transgenic rats tagged by a visible fluorescent protein to study the physiology of vasopressin and oxytocin, and (vi) the action of the neurohypophysial hormone outside the central nervous system, including the myometrium, heart and peripheral nervous system. As a short nine amino acid peptide, closely related to its partner peptide vasopressin, oxytocin appears to be ideal for the design of agonists and antagonists of its receptor. In addition, not only the hormone itself and its binding to OTR, but also its synthesis, storage and release can be endogenously and exogenously regulated to counteract pathophysiological states. Understanding the fundamental physiopharmacology of the effects of oxytocin is an important and necessary approach for developing a potential pharmacotherapy.
Thick Placenta in Pregnancy: A Review.; IMPORTANCE: A thickened placenta is easily identified on ultrasound and provides insight into maternal and fetal wellbeing as well as underlying structural and physiologic anomalies. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to review the literature to clarify what classifies a placenta as "thickened" and to review the associated incidence, maternal and fetal comorbidities, and management during pregnancy. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: Electronic databases (PubMed and Web of Science) were searched from 2000 to 2020 in the English language. Studies were selected that examined associations between placental thickness, potential etiologies, and obstetric outcomes. RESULTS: There were 140 abstracts identified. After reviewing the articles, 60 were used in this review. Routine assessment of the placenta in the prenatal period is an easy and inexpensive way to assess the maternal and fetal patients. The criteria for a "thickened placenta" vary between studies based on gestational age, placental location, measurement technique, and maternal or fetal factors. Whereas most suggest thickness exceeding 4 cm is pathologic, a review had a threshold of 6 cm in the third trimester to classify placentomegaly. Several maternal and fetal conditions have been associated with a thickened placenta, such as obesity, parity, anemia, diabetes, preeclampsia, cardiac dysfunction, infection, assisted reproductive technology, multiple pregnancy, sacrococcygeal teratomas, and Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome. A thickened placenta in pregnancy is associated with a higher incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes and neonatal morbidity and mortality. CONCLUSIONS: The literature is clear that early evaluation of the placenta using ultrasound should be a standard practice. A thickened placenta found on routine imaging should prompt a more thorough investigation to determine the etiology of the placentomegaly. At the time of this literature review, there are no recommendations regarding modality or frequency of antenatal surveillance in pregnancies complicated by a thickened placenta. However, serial ultrasounds and weekly antenatal testing in the third trimester should be considered. RELEVANCE: A thickened placenta has been associated with a variety of maternal and fetal conditions and increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and neonatal morbidity and mortality.
Streptococcus agalactiae septicemia in a patient with diabetes and hepatic cirrhosis.; Streptococcus agalactiae is a well-known pathogen during pregnancy and in neonates. Among non-pregnant adults, invasive infection, although rare, is showing increasing frequency, especially in chronically ill, immunosuppressed, or older patients. Although rare, the clinical features of meningeal infection caused by S. agalactiae are similar to other bacterial meningitis. The authors report the case of a middle-aged man previously diagnosed with hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and alcoholic liver cirrhosis, who was admitted at the emergency department with a Glasgow Coma Scale of 11/12, generalized spasticity, bilateral Babinski sign, and hypertension. The clinical outcome was bad, with refractory shock and death within 24 hours of hospitalization. The bacteriological work-up isolated S. agalactiae in the cerebral spinal fluid (CSF), blood, and urine. An autopsy revealed meningoencephalitis, acute myocardial infarction, and pyelonephritis due to septic emboli. The authors point out the atypical CSF findings, the rapid fatal outcome, and the importance of including this pathogen among the etiologic possibilities of invasive infections in this group of patients.
A perspective on diet, epigenetics and complex diseases: where is the field headed next?; Dietary factors can regulate epigenetic processes during life, modulating the intracellular pools of metabolites necessary for epigenetic reactions and regulating the activity of epigenetic enzymes. Their effects are strong during the prenatal life, when epigenetic patterns are written, allowing organogenesis. However, interactions between diet and the epigenome continue throughout life and likely contribute to the onset and progression of various complex diseases. Here, we review the contribution of dietary factors to the epigenetic changes observed in complex diseases and suggest future steps to better address this issue, focusing on neurobehavioral, neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders, cardiovascular diseases, obesity and Type 2 diabetes, cancer and inflammatory skin diseases.
A Review of Fetal Development in Pregnancies with Maternal Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM)-Associated Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal (HPA) Axis Dysregulation: Possible Links to Pregestational Prediabetes.; Research has identified fetal risk factors for adult diseases, forming the basis for the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) hypothesis. DOHaD suggests that maternal insults during pregnancy cause structural and functional changes in fetal organs, increasing the risk of chronic diseases like type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in adulthood. It is proposed that altered maternal physiology, such as increased glucocorticoid (GC) levels associated with a dysregulated hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in maternal stress and T2DM during pregnancy, exposes the fetus to excess GC. Prenatal glucocorticoid exposure reduces fetal growth and programs the fetal HPA axis, permanently altering its activity into adulthood. This programmed HPA axis is linked to increased risks of hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, and mental disorders in adulthood. With the global rise in T2DM, particularly among young adults of reproductive age, it is crucial to prevent its onset. T2DM is often preceded by a prediabetic state, a condition that does not show any symptoms, causing many to unknowingly progress to T2DM. Studying prediabetes is essential, as it is a reversible stage that may help prevent T2DM-related pregnancy complications. The existing literature focuses on HPA axis dysregulation in T2DM pregnancies and its link to fetal programming. However, the effects of prediabetes on HPA axis function, specifically glucocorticoid in pregnancy and fetal outcomes, are not well understood. This review consolidates research on T2DM during pregnancy, its impact on fetal programming via the HPA axis, and possible links with pregestational prediabetes.
Evaluation of parameters for fetal behavioural state classification.; Fetal behavioural states (fBS) describe periods of fetal wakefulness and sleep and are commonly defined by features such as body and eye movements and heart rate. Automatic state detection through algorithms relies on different parameters and thresholds derived from both the heart rate variability (HRV) and the actogram, which are highly dependent on the specific datasets and are prone to artefacts. Furthermore, the development of the fetal states is dynamic over the gestational period and the evaluation usually only separated into early and late gestation (before and after 32 weeks). In the current work, fBS detection was consistent between the classification algorithm and visual inspection in 87 fetal magnetocardiographic data segments between 27 and 39 weeks of gestational age. To identify how automated fBS detection could be improved, we first identified commonly used parameters for fBS classification in both the HRV and the actogram, and investigated their distribution across the different fBS. Then, we calculated a receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve to determine the performance of each parameter in the fBS classification. Finally, we investigated the development of parameters over gestation through linear regression. As a result, the parameters derived from the HRV have a higher classification accuracy compared to those derived from the body movement as defined by the actogram. However, the overlapping distributions of several parameters across states limit a clear separation of states based on these parameters. The changes over gestation of the HRV parameters reflect the maturation of the fetal autonomic nervous system. Given the higher classification accuracy of the HRV in comparison to the actogram, we suggest to focus further research on the HRV. Furthermore, we propose to develop probabilistic fBS classification approaches to improve classification in less prototypical datasets.
Maternal Brown Fat Thermogenesis Programs Glucose Tolerance in the Male Offspring.; Environmental temperature is a driving factor in evolution, and it is commonly assumed that metabolic adaptations to cold climates are the result of transgenerational selection. Here, we show in mice that even minor changes in maternal thermogenesis alter the metabolic phenotype already in the next generation. Male offspring of mothers genetically lacking brown adipose tissue (BAT) thermogenesis display increased lean mass and improved glucose tolerance as adults, while females are unaffected. The phenotype is replicated in offspring of mothers kept at thermoneutrality; conversely, mothers with higher gestational BAT thermogenesis produce male offspring with reduced lean mass and impaired glucose tolerance. Running-wheel exercise reverses the offspring's metabolic impairments, pointing to the muscle as target of these fetal programming effects. Our data demonstrate that gestational BAT activation negatively affects metabolic health of the male offspring; however, these unfavorable fetal programming effects may be negated by active lifestyle.
The effect of a lifestyle intervention in obese pregnant women on gestational metabolic profiles: findings from the UK Pregnancies Better Eating and Activity Trial (UPBEAT) randomised controlled trial.; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy is associated with widespread change in metabolism, which may be more marked in obese women. Whether lifestyle interventions in obese pregnant women improve pregnancy metabolic profiles remains unknown. Our objectives were to determine the magnitude of change in metabolic measures during obese pregnancy, to indirectly compare these to similar profiles in a general pregnant population, and to determine the impact of a lifestyle intervention on change in metabolic measures in obese pregnant women. METHODS: Data from a randomised controlled trial of 1158 obese (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m(2)) pregnant women recruited from six UK inner-city obstetric departments were used. Women were randomised to either the UPBEAT intervention, a tailored complex lifestyle intervention focused on improving diet and physical activity, or standard antenatal care (control group). UPBEAT has been shown to improve diet and physical activity during pregnancy and up to 6-months postnatally in obese women and to reduce offspring adiposity at 6-months; it did not affect risk of gestational diabetes (the primary outcome). Change in the concentrations of 158 metabolic measures (129 lipids, 9 glycerides and phospholipids, and 20 low-molecular weight metabolites), quantified three times during pregnancy, were compared using multilevel models. The role of chance was assessed with a false discovery rate of 5% adjusted p values. RESULTS: All very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles increased by 1.5-3 standard deviation units (SD) whereas intermediate density lipoprotein and specific (large, medium and small) LDL particles increased by 1-2 SD, between 16 and 36 weeks' gestation. Triglycerides increased by 2-3 SD, with more modest changes in other metabolites. Indirect comparisons suggest that the magnitudes of change across pregnancy in these obese women were 2- to 3-fold larger than in unselected women (n = 4260 in cross-sectional and 583 in longitudinal analyses) from an independent, previously published, study. The intervention reduced the rate of increase in extremely large, very large, large and medium VLDL particles, particularly those containing triglycerides. CONCLUSION: There are marked changes in lipids and lipoproteins and more modest changes in other metabolites across pregnancy in obese women, with some evidence that this is more marked than in unselected pregnant women. The UPBEAT lifestyle intervention may contribute to a healthier metabolic profile in obese pregnant women, but our results require replication. TRIAL REGISTRATION: UPBEAT was registered with Current Controlled Trials, ISRCTN89971375 , on July 23, 2008 (prior to recruitment).
Inositol hexakisphosphate increases L-type Ca2+ channel activity by stimulation of adenylyl cyclase.; Inositol hexakisphosphate (InsP6) is a most abundant inositol polyphosphate that changes simultaneously with inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate in depolarized neurons. However, the role of InsP6 in neuronal signaling is unknown. Mass assay reveals that the basal levels of InsP6 in several brain regions tested are similar. InsP6 mass is significantly elevated in activated brain neurons and lowered by inhibition of neuronal activity. Furthermore, the hippocampus is most sensitive to electrical challenge with regard to percentage accumulation of InsP6. In hippocampal neurons, InsP6 stimulates adenylyl cyclase (AC) without influencing cAMP phosphodiesterases, resulting in activation of protein kinase A (PKA) and thereby selective enhancement of voltage-gated L-type Ca2+ channel activity. This enhancement was abolished by preincubation with PKA and AC inhibitors. These data suggest that InsP6 increases L-type Ca2+ channel activity by facilitating phosphorylation of PKA phosphorylation sites. Thus, in hippocampal neurons, InsP6 serves as an important signal in modulation of voltage-gated L-type Ca2+ channel activity.
Interrelationships of food, nutrition, diet and health: the National Association of State Universities and Land Grant Colleges White Paper.; Nutrition and food science have each enhanced the development of an abundant, nutritious, safe food supply. A healthy diet should contain all of the required nutrients and sufficient calories to balance energy expenditure and provide for growth and maintenance throughout the life cycle. Importantly, dietary factors are associated with 5 of the 10 leading causes of death, including coronary heart disease, certain types of cancer, stroke, noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus and atherosclerosis. National health care expenditures for 1990 totaled $666 billion of which 30% are related to inappropriate diet. Identification of external factors that contribute to premature death would aid preventive efforts, improve the quality of life, and reduce health care costs. Even though genetic predisposition increases susceptible people's risk for many of these chronic diseases, these conditions may be diminished or prevented by improvements in the American diet. Each stage of the life cycle has specific nutrient needs. Throughout infancy, childhood and adolescence nutrients are required to meet the growth processes as well as cognitive function. During pregnancy nutrients are required for both mother and developing infant needs. Adult nutrition focuses on tissue maintenance, nutrient and energy needs, and disease prevention. As the population of elderly increase in number and greater age, nutritional needs must be met to minimize certain disease states and assure the quality of life. Nutrition associated health risks have been identified for coronary heart disease, cancer and diabetes mellitus. Recommendations for each includes a decrease in dietary fat, awareness of caloric intake and enhancement of nutrient density including an increase in fruit and vegetables. These recommendations also impact obesity and diminish the compounding of other disease states affected by excessive body weight. Calcium intake at early ages affects development of bone density and manifestation of osteoporosis. Current gaps in knowledge are also identified that could improve health. Numerous nutrients are being examined for their regulation of specific gene expressions and in the processes of transcription and translation. To offer food products with greater nutrient density or improved functional health ingredients, modification of existing foods is needed to assure an improved diet. Policies to improve health require integration of nutrition needs with economic growth and development, agriculture and food production, processing, marketing, health care and education, and includes changing life styles and food choices. Increased research support is required to achieve national health goals with emphasis on nutrition and food sciences. Education methods must be improved to better inform consumers, to encourage food producers and manufactures to produce healthier foods, to assure training of future professionals and to provide legislators with the basis to make informed decisions. Recommendations to CFERR are identified. Improved quality and availability of nutritious foods will result in a healthier, more productive population. A decrease in the occurrence and duration of chronic disease should diminish the cost of health care and allow these resources to further benefit the nation. International concerns about undernutrition include 780 million people who are malnourished, lacking sufficient food to meet their basic nutritional needs for protein and energy, and 2 billion people who subsist on diets lacking essential nutrients needed for growth, development and physiological maintenance. National concerns about undernutrition exist based on incomplete data identified by indices of hunger and characterized by an increased demand for food assistance for women, children and the elderly. Major health problems in the US impacted by diet and nutrition include coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, some types of cancer, non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus, hypert
Pancreatic autotransplantation following resection.; A patient with recurrent pancreatitis was treated by near-total pancreatectomy. The tail of the pancreas, together with the splenic artery and vein, was transplanted into the thigh, with anastomoses of the splenic vessels to the femoral vessels. Two months after operation simultaneously drawn blood samples from both femoral veins showed elevated insulin on the grafted side. Two years after operation the patient is free of symptoms and is not diabetic.
Preeclampsia (marker of chronic kidney disease): from genesis to future risks.; Preeclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy-specific disease which, in addition to other hypertensive disorders, is an important cause of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. With an incidence ranging from 3 to 14% of all pregnancies worldwide, the disease can present in different clinical forms. PE and cardiovascular diseases (CVD) have similar pathophysiological mechanisms, such as endothelial dysfunction, metabolic changes and oxidative stress, and they also share some risk factors such as obesity, kidney disease and diabetes. Although the exact relationship between PE and cardiovascular risk has not been fully elucidated, PE-triggered metabolic stress may cause vascular injury, thus contributing to the development of CVD and/or chronic kidney disease (CKD) in the future. This risk appears to be increased especially in women with a history of recurrent, severe PE and eclampsia. The investigation of a history of PE may assist in assessing the future risk of CVD and CKD, their prevention and early diagnosis.
Retinal outcomes in proliferative diabetic retinopathy presenting during and after pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to determine retinal outcomes in patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) presenting during pregnancy or within the first year postpartum. METHODS: All patients with diabetes mellitus during pregnancy from 1992 through 2002 were included. Medical records were reviewed and data including obstetric history, pregnancy outcome, other medical complications, and course and management of retinal disease were analyzed. RESULTS: The study group comprised 6 women with a total of 7 pregnancies complicated by PDR during pregnancy or during the first year postpartum. Two of these pregnancies were in patients who had long-standing PDR and had received panretinal photocoagulation prior to pregnancy. Both of them had stable retinas during pregnancy and during the postpartum period. Three patients (4 eyes) who presented with high risk PDR during pregnancy required either repeated laser therapy (3 eyes) or vitrectomy (one eye) during the first year postpartum. Two patients (3 eyes) who did not have PDR at delivery developed PDR during the first year postpartum. After the second year postpartum, nine eyes which had developed PDR during or post pregnancy had stable retinas, two had developed phthisis, and one manifested end stage PDR. CONCLUSIONS: Because of the persistent adverse effects of pregnancy on the retinas of women with diabetes mellitus, meticulous retinal surveillance and appropriate therapy are important not only during pregnancy but also during the postnatal period.
Pre-, peri- and neonatal risk factors for autism.; OBJECTIVE: To identify pre-, peri- and neonatal risk factors for pervasive developmental disorders (PDD). METHODS: We searched the Medline database through March 2011 for relevant case-control and population-based studies on pre-, peri- and neonatal hazards related to PDD, including autism. We identified 85 studies for this review. Data were extracted systematically and organized according to risk factors related to family history, pregnancy, gestational age, delivery, birth milestones and the neonate's condition at birth. RESULTS: During the prenatal period, risk factors for PDD were advanced maternal or paternal ages, being firstborn vs. third or later, maternal prenatal medication use and mother's status as foreign born. During the perinatal and neonatal periods, the risk factors for PDD were preterm birth, breech presentation, planned cesarean section, low Apgar scores, hyperbilirubinemia, birth defect and a birthweight small for gestational age. The influence of maternal pre-eclampsia, diabetes, vomiting, infections and stress during pregnancy requires further study in order to determine risk for PDD. DISCUSSION: Despite evidence for the association of some pre-, peri- and neonatal risk factors associated with PDD, it remains unclear whether these risks are causal or play a secondary role in shaping clinical expression in individuals with genetic vulnerability. A plausible hypothsesis is that improvements in obstetric and neonatal management have led to an increased rate of survivors with pre-existing brain damage. Given the variety of risk factors, we propose that future studies should investigate combinations of multiple factors, rather than focusing on a single factor.
Contraception for Adolescents with Medically Complex Conditions.; Both the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have developed, published, and updated evidence-based guidelines to support medical providers in the provision of contraceptives to patients with specific medical conditions or characteristics. The goal of these guidelines is to provide recommendations on the safe use of contraceptives with the goal of removing unnecessary medical barriers to access and use of contraceptives, thus decreasing the number of unintended pregnancies. Many medical conditions increase a patient's risk of venous thromboembolism; a risk that may also be increased with specific contraceptives. Specific conditions that require more enhanced contraceptive counseling due to their frequency in adolescence and their association either with adverse events during pregnancy or with increased risk for specific contraceptives are detailed by the WHO and CDC and are summarized herein. Adolescents with morbid obesity, migraine headache, cardiac conditions, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, systemic lupus erythematosus, sickle cell anemia, cystic fibrosis, inflammatory bowel disease, or seizure disorders would benefit from greater attention to the urgency of exploring highly effective contraceptive methods. Details of the considerations that should be used in providing contraceptive care to adolescents with each of these medical conditions, as per WHO and CDC guidelines, are provided in this review. The ultimate goal in contraceptive counseling is the balancing of risk and benefit to arrive at the best therapeutic option, maintaining patient preference as a priority, as that will enhance adherence and comfort with the contraceptive method. Each patient must be assessed for pregnancy risk and be allowed full risk reduction and education regarding contraceptive options.
A Case of Progressive Diabetic Retinopathy Related to Pregnancy Followed on Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography.; A 27-year-old woman with type 2 diabetes mellitus had mild diabetic retinopathy (DR) during the early gestation period. Optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) showed microaneurysms and small capillary nonperfusion with little change until before delivery. The patient later developed pregnancy-induced hypertension, which continued after delivery, and the DR worsened markedly. OCTA showed onset and recovery of paracentral acute middle maculopathy. Macular edema (ME) also developed, and OCTA showed irregular dilation in the radial peripapillary capillaries. After starting antihypertensive therapy, the capillary dilation and ME decreased. OCTA enables close follow-up of DR related to pregnancy during the perinatal period. [Ophthalmic Surg Lasers Imaging Retina. 2019;50:393-397.].
Associations Between Fetal Imprinted Genes and Maternal Blood Pressure in Pregnancy.; In addition to maternal genes and environmental exposures, variation in fetal imprinted genes could also affect maternal blood pressure during pregnancy. Our objective was to test the associations between polymorphic variants in 16 imprinted genes and maternal mean arterial blood pressures in 1160 DNA trios from 2 established birth cohorts (the Cambridge Baby Growth and Wellbeing Studies) and seek replication in 1367 Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Study participants. Significant univariate associations, all independent of fetal sex, were observed in the Cambridge cohorts, including FAM99A rs1489945 transmitted from the mother (P=2×10(-4)), DLK1 rs10139403 (mother; P=9×10(-4)), DLK1 rs12147008 (mother; P=1×10(-3)), H19 rs217222 (father; P=1×10(-3)), SNRPN rs1453556 (father; P=1×10(-3)), IGF2 rs6356 (father; P=1×10(-3)), and NNAT rs6066671 (father; P=1×10(-3)). In meta-analysis including additional independent Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome Study data, the association with maternally transmitted fetal DLK1 rs10139403 reached genome-wide significance (P=6.3×10(-10)). With the exception of fetal rs1489945 and rs217222, all of other associations were unidirectional and most were statistically significant. To further explore the significance of these relationships, we developed an allele score based on the univariate findings. The score was strongly associated with maternal blood pressure at 31 weeks (P=4.1×10(-8); adjusted r(2)=5.6%) and 37 weeks of pregnancy (P=1.1×10(-4); r(2)=3.6%), and during the last 2 weeks before parturition (P=1.1×10(-10); r(2)=8.7%). It was also associated with gestational hypertension (odds ratio, 1.54 [range, 1.14-2.09] per allele; P=0.005; 45 cases and 549 controls). These data support the concept that fetal imprinted genes are related to the development of gestational hypertension.
[Preeclampsia--two manifestations of the same disease].; Preeclampsia, due to its complicated and unexplained pathophysiology, remains one of the most difficult subjects in modern maternal-fetal medicine. Despite of the fact that diagnostic criteria of preeclampsia are clear and homogenous, the clinical manifestation of the disease, the prognosis and the frequency of maternal and fetal complications differ considerably among the cases. The aim of the review was to emphasize the heterogenous character of preeclampsia which may be manifested in two different clinical forms--a maternal and placental one. The maternal preeclampsia occurs mostly in multiparous patients with known risk factors of preeclampsia such as: 1) insulin resistance, 2) diabetes mellitus, 3) dyslipidemia, 4) obesisty, and 5) chronic hypertension. The placental form of the disease is more common among nulliparous women without prior risk factors of preeclampsia. The main clinical differences between the two forms are: 1) an earlier onset of placental preeclampsia in most cases, and 2) a more frequent presence of placental insufficiency in placental preeclampsia. The following article focuses on both forms of preeclampsia in the aspect of different clinical manifestations, different prognosis, as well as different management of the disease.
[Clinical guidelines for detection, prevention, diagnosis and treatment of systemic arterial hypertension in Mexico (2008)].; The multidisciplinary Institutional Committee of experts in Systemic Arterial Hypertension from the National Institute of Cardiology "Ignacio Chávez" presents its update (2008) of "Guidelines and Recommendations" for the early detection, control, treatment and prevention of Hypertension. The boarding tries to be simple and realistic for all that physicians whom have to face the hypertensive population in their clinical practice. The information is based in the most recent scientific evidence. These guides are principally directed to hypertensive population of emergent countries like Mexico. It is emphasized preventive health measures, the importance of the no pharmacological actions, such as good nutrition, exercise and changes in life style, (which ideally it must begin from very early ages). "We suggest that the changes in the style of life must be vigorous, continuous and systematized, with a real reinforcing by part of all the organisms related to the health education for all population (federal and private social organisms). It is the most important way to confront and prevent this pandemic of chronic diseases". In this new edition the authors amplifies the information and importance on the matter. The preventive cardiology must contribute in multidisciplinary entailment. Based mainly on national data and the international scientific publications, we developed our own system of classification and risk stratification for the carrying people with hypertension, Called HTM (Arterial Hypertension in Mexico) index. Its principal of purpose this index is to keep in mind that the current approach of hypertension must be always multidisciplinary. The institutional committee of experts reviewed with rigorous methodology under the principles of the evidence-based medicine, both, national and international medical literature, with the purpose of adapting the concepts and guidelines for a better control and treatment of hypertension in Mexico. This work group recognizes that hypertension is not an isolated disease; therefore its approach must be in the context of the prevalence and interaction with other cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, diabetes, dislipidemia and smoking among others. The urgent necessity is emphasized to approach in a concatenated form the diverse cardiovascular risk factors, since independently of which they share common pathophysiological mechanisms, its suitable identification and control will affect without any doubt the natural history of the other concatenated risk factor. By all means that to greater participation of factors, greater it will be the global cardiovascular risk but never, however, the specific weight is due to avoid that each one has on the global cardiovascular risk. In this Second edition we try to amplify and give systematic forms for the clinical approach for the suspicion of secondary hypertension and we emphasizes that hypertension in the woman with or without menopause should be careful analyzed, and special recommendations are given for the hypertension in pregnancy. Also we have approached some aspects related to the hypertensive emergencies and other special situations. In this second version some recommendations are presented for boarding hypertension in children and adolescents.
Incident diabetes complications among women with type 1 diabetes based on parity.; OBJECTIVES: To assess risk factors and incidence of diabetes complications in women with type 1 diabetes (T1D) based on parity. RESEARCH DESIGN/METHODS: Data were collected from women (16-40 years old) in the T1D Exchange completing pregnancy/childbirth questionnaires during 2011-2013 and 2016-2018. Incidence of risk factors and diabetes complications were compared between women with a first pregnancy at/within 1-year of enrollment (n = 28) and never pregnant women by year 5 (n = 469). RESULTS: There was a trend for lower HbA1c (adjusted p = .14) and higher rates of overweight/obesity, triglyceride/HDL > 2, log (triglyercide/HDL), and hypertension among parous women compared with nulliparous women. There were no significant differences in rates of advanced nephropathy, albuminuria or cardiovascular disease. CONCLUSIONS: Four-5 years after delivery, parous women with T1D tended to have lower HbA1c levels despite higher body mass indices and more frequent adverse lipid profiles and hypertension compared with nulliparous women. Further studies based on these trends are warranted.
Effectiveness of a Virtual Exercise Program During COVID-19 Confinement on Blood Pressure Control in Healthy Pregnant Women.; BACKGROUND: The situation caused by COVID-19 has led to movement restrictions for the majority of the population due to the confinement established by the health authorities. This new situation has changed people's habits and significantly affected the pregnant population. Decreased exercise and increased psychophysical stress are associated with excessive weight gain, diabetes, and gestational cardiovascular complications that affect the mother, fetus, and newborn. Recent research shows that the dynamics of maternal blood pressure is one of the most important control factors during pregnancy. Thus, prevention of these type of pathologies through interventions without maternal-fetal risks is important. OBJECTIVES: To examine the influence of a virtual exercise program on maternal blood pressure during pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A randomized clinical trial design was used (NCT04563065). Data from 72 pregnant women without obstetric contraindications under confinement conditions in the Madrid area were collected. Women were randomly assigned to the intervention (IG) or control group (CG). They previously signed informed consent forms. A moderate exercise program was performed as an intervention from 8-10 to 38-39 weeks of pregnancy. Systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) maternal blood pressure were measured during the first, second and third trimesters of pregnancy, as well as before and immediately after delivery in both study groups. RESULTS: No differences in systolic and diastolic blood pressure during the first, second and third trimesters were found between groups. Significant differences in SBP were found immediately before delivery (IG = 119.83 ± 10.16 vs. CG = 125.6 ± 10.91; p = 0.047) and immediately after delivery (IG = 115.00 ± 11.18 vs. CG = 122.24 ± 15.71; p = 0.045). CONCLUSIONS: Results show lower SBP values for the IG during delivery than CG. A virtual exercise program throughout pregnancy during COVID-19 confinement can help to control systolic blood pressure before and immediately after delivery in healthy pregnant women.
Impaired glucose tolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in relation to infertility: a Mendelian randomization analysis in the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study.; STUDY QUESTION: Are impaired glucose tolerance (as measured by fasting glucose, glycated hemoglobin, and fasting insulin) and cardiovascular disease risk (as measured by low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic blood pressure, and diastolic blood pressure) causally related to infertility? SUMMARY ANSWER: Genetic instruments suggest that higher fasting insulin may increase infertility in women. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Observational evidence suggests a shared etiology between impaired glucose tolerance, cardiovascular risk, and fertility problems. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This study included two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analyses, in which we used genome-wide association summary data that were publicly available for the biomarkers of impaired glucose tolerance and cardiovascular disease, and sex-specific genome-wide association studies (GWASs) of infertility conducted in the Norwegian Mother, Father, and Child Cohort Study. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: There were 68 882 women (average age 30, involved in 81 682 pregnancies) and 47 474 of their male partners (average age 33, 55 744 pregnancies) who had available genotype data and who provided self-reported information on time-to-pregnancy and use of ARTs. Of couples, 12% were infertile (having tried to conceive for ≥12 months or used ARTs to conceive). We applied the inverse variance weighted method with random effects to pool data across variants and a series of sensitivity analyses to explore genetic instrument validity. (We checked the robustness of genetic instruments and the lack of unbalanced horizontal pleiotropy, and we used methods that are robust to population stratification.) Findings were corrected for multiple comparisons by the Bonferroni method (eight exposures: P-value < 0.00625). MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In women, increases in genetically determined fasting insulin levels were associated with greater odds of infertility (+1 log(pmol/l): odds ratio 1.60, 95% CI 1.17 to 2.18, P-value = 0.003). The results were robust in the sensitivity analyses exploring the validity of MR assumptions and the role of pleiotropy of other cardiometabolic risk factors. There was also evidence of higher glucose and glycated hemoglobin causing infertility in women, but the findings were imprecise and did not pass our P-value threshold for multiple testing. The results for lipids and blood pressure were close to the null, suggesting that these did not cause infertility. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We did not know if underlying causes of infertility were in the woman, man, or both. Our analyses only involved couples who had conceived. We did not have data on circulating levels of cardiometabolic risk factors, and we opted to conduct an MR analysis using GWAS summary statistics. No sex-specific genetic instruments on cardiometabolic risk factors were available. Our results may be affected by selection and misclassification bias. Finally, the characteristics of our study sample limit the generalizability of our results to populations of non-European ancestry. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Treatments for lower fasting insulin levels may reduce the risk of infertility in women. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): The MoBa Cohort Study is supported by the Norwegian Ministry of Health and Care Services and the Norwegian Ministry of Education and Research. This work was supported by the European Research Council [grant numbers 947684, 101071773, 293574, 101021566], the Research Council of Norway [grant numbers 262700, 320656, 274611], the South-Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority [grant numbers 2020022, 2021045], and the British Heart Foundation [grant numbers CH/F/20/90003, AA/18/1/34219]. Open Access funding was provided by the Norwegian Institute of Public Health. The funders had no role in the study design; the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data; the writing of the report; or the decision to submit the article for publication. D.A.L. has received research support from National and International government and charitable bodies, Roche Diagnostics and Medtronic for research unrelated to the current work. O.A.A. has been a consultant to HealthLytix. The rest of the authors declare that no competing interests exist. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
The Association Between Maternal Age and Cerebral Palsy Risk Factors.; BACKGROUND: Advanced maternal age is associated with higher frequencies of antenatal and perinatal conditions, as well as a higher risk of cerebral palsy in offspring. We explore the association between maternal age and specific cerebral palsy risk factors. METHODS: Data were extracted from the Canadian Cerebral Palsy Registry. Maternal age was categorized as ≥35 years of age and less than 20 years of age at the time of birth. Chi-square and multivariate logistic regressions were performed to calculate odds ratios and their 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: The final sample consisted of 1391 children with cerebral palsy, with 19% of children having mothers aged 35 or older and 4% of children having mothers below the age of 20. Univariate analyses showed that mothers aged 35 or older were more likely to have gestational diabetes (odds ratio 1.9, 95% confidence interval 1.3 to 2.8), to have a history of miscarriage (odds ratio 1.8, 95% confidence interval 1.3 to 2.4), to have undergone fertility treatments (odds ratio 2.4, 95% confidence interval 1.5 to 3.9), and to have delivered by Caesarean section (odds ratio 1.6, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 2.2). These findings were supported by multivariate analyses. Children with mothers below the age of 20 were more likely to have a congenital malformation (odds ratio 2.4, 95% confidence interval 1.4 to 4.2), which is also supported by multivariate analysis. CONCLUSIONS: The risk factor profiles of children with cerebral palsy vary by maternal age. Future studies are warranted to further our understanding of the compound causal pathways leading to cerebral palsy and the observed greater prevalence of cerebral palsy with increasing maternal age.
Cesarean Section on the Risk of Celiac Disease in the Offspring: The Teddy Study.; OBJECTIVE: Cesarean section (C-section) is associated with various immune-mediated diseases in the offspring. We investigated the relationship between mode of delivery and celiac disease (CD) and CD autoimmunity (CDA) in a multinational birth cohort. METHODS: From 2004 to 2010, infants from the general population who tested positive for HLA DR3-DQ2 or DR4-DQ8 were enrolled in The Environmental Determinants for Diabetes in the Young (TEDDY) study. Children were annually screened for transglutaminase autoantibodies, if positive, they are retested after 3 to 6 months and those persistently positive defined as CDA. Associations of C-section with maternal (age, education level, parity, pre-pregnancy weight, diabetes, smoking, weight gain during pregnancy) and child characteristics (gestational age, birth weight) were examined by Fisher exact test or Wilcoxon rank-sum test. Hazard ratios (HRs) for CDA or CD were calculated by Cox proportional hazard regression models. RESULTS: Of 6087 analyzed singletons, 1600 (26%) were born by C-section (Germany 38%, United States 37%, Finland 18%, Sweden 16%), and the remaining were born vaginally without instrumental support; 979 (16%) had developed CDA and 343 (6%) developed CD. C-section was associated with lower risk for CDA (hazard ratio [HR] = 0.85; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.73, 0.99 P = 0.032) and CD (HR = 0.75; 95% CI 0.58, 0.98; P = 0.034). After adjusting for country, sex, HLA-genotype, CD in family, maternal education, and breast-feeding duration, significance was lost for CDA (HR = 0.91; 95% CI 0.78, 1.06; P = 0.20) and CD (HR = 0.85; 95% CI 0.65, 1.11; P = 0.24). Presurgical ruptured membranes had no influence on CDA or CD development. CONCLUSION: C-section is not associated with increased risk for CDA or CD in the offspring.
An assessment of patient information channels and knowledge of physical activity and nutrition during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Excessive weight gain during pregnancy increases the risk for obesity in mother and child. Healthy eating and physical activity may help prevent excessive gestational weight gain and minimize offspring risk of developing obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Our goal was to determine the information channels used by pregnant women to obtain information on nutrition and exercise. METHODS: We collected information about their knowledge of physical activity and nutrition during pregnancy and assessed their satisfaction with this information to identify factors that may be improved upon when designing a behavioural intervention. An anonymous, voluntary questionnaire was completed by 147 pregnant women to identify the proportion who are currently receiving information about exercise from their care provider. RESULTS: The primarily Caucasian sample (age: 30.9 ± 4.2, weeks gestation: 21.4 ± 9.4) completed the survey. A total of 86% are willing to participate in a lifestyle intervention trial. Personal health and the health of their child were cited as top reasons for participation. Most women were not informed as to the importance of appropriate pregnancy-specific energy intake or made aware of their own personal healthy gestational weight gain targets. A total of 63% report receiving some form of information on physical activity during pregnancy. Of those who do not, almost all (93%) would like to receive this information from a care provider. Overall, 88% of women consider it safe to exercise when pregnant. DISCUSSION: Given their responses, nutrition and exercise information offered through a lifestyle intervention during pregnancy may increase healthy behaviours and warrants clinical investigation.
Current and future use of point-of-care tests in primary care: an international survey in Australia, Belgium, The Netherlands, the UK and the USA.; OBJECTIVE: Despite the growing number of point-of-care (POC) tests available, little research has assessed primary care clinician need for such tests. We therefore aimed to determine which POC tests they actually use or would like to use (if not currently available in their practice). DESIGN: Cross-sectional survey. SETTING: Primary care in Australia, Belgium (Flanders region only), the Netherlands, the UK and the USA. PARTICIPANTS: Primary care doctors (general practitioners, family physicians). MAIN MEASURES: We asked respondents to (1) identify conditions for which a POC test could help inform diagnosis, (2) from a list of tests provided: evaluate which POC tests they currently use (and how frequently) and (3) determine which tests (from that same list) they would like to use in the future (and how frequently). RESULTS: 2770 primary care clinicians across five countries responded. Respondents in all countries wanted POC tests to help them diagnose acute conditions (infections, acute cardiac disease, pulmonary embolism/deep vein thrombosis), and some chronic conditions (diabetes, anaemia). Based on the list of POC tests provided, the most common tests currently used were: urine pregnancy, urine leucocytes or nitrite and blood glucose. The most commonly reported tests respondents expressed a wish to use in the future were: D-dimer, troponin and chlamydia. The UK and the USA reported a higher actual and desired use for POC tests than Australia, Belgium and the Netherlands. Our limited data suggest (but do not confirm) representativeness. CONCLUSIONS: Primary care clinicians in all five countries expressed a desire for POC tests to help them diagnose a range of acute and chronic conditions. Rates of current reported use and desired future use were generally high for a small selection of POC tests, but varied across countries. Future research is warranted to explore how specific POC tests might improve primary care.
Factors predicting severe childhood obesity in kindergarteners.; BACKGROUND: Severe obesity has increased >300% in US children since 1976, and is associated with multiple cardiovascular risk factors and high adult obesity rates. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study was to identify predictors of severe obesity in kindergarteners. METHODS: Multivariable logistic regression and recursive partitioning analysis (RPA) were used to identify prenatal/pregnancy, infant, and early childhood predictors of severe kindergarten obesity (body mass index (BMI) 99th percentile) in the Early Childhood Longitudinal Study Birth Cohort, a nationally representative longitudinal study that followed children from birth through kindergarten. RESULTS: For the 6800 children, the severe kindergarten obesity prevalence was 5.7%, with higher adjusted odds for crossing the 85th percentile of BMI at 2 years old (odds ratio (OR), 8.0; 95% confidence interval (CI), 4.1-15.7), preschool age (OR, 7.9; 95% CI, 4.9-12.8) and 9 months old (OR, 1.8; 95% CI, 1.2-2.6); maternal severe obesity (OR, 3.4; 95% CI, 1.9-5.8) and gestational diabetes (OR, 2.9; 95% CI, 1.5-5.5); drinking tea or coffee between meals/before bedtime at 2 years old (OR, 3.3; 95% CI, 1.3-8.5); Latino (OR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.4-3.7) and multiracial (OR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.1-4.8) race/ethnicity; and drinking sugary beverages at kindergarten age at least weekly (OR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.4-3.7). Ever-attending center-based daycare (OR, 0.3; 95% CI, 0.1-0.9), eating fruit at least weekly at kindergarten age (OR, 0.3; 95% CI, 0.1-0.7), and maternal history of a prior newborn birth weight 4000 g (OR, 0.1; 95% CI, 0.02-0.6) were associated with reduced odds of severe obesity. RPA identified low severe obesity prevalence (1.9%) for non-85th BMI-percentile preschool crossers and high severe obesity (56-80%) for predictor clusters which included crossing the 85th BMI percentile at earlier ages, low parental education, specific maternal age cutoffs, preschooler bedtime rules, and outside walking/play frequency for 9-month-olds. CONCLUSIONS: Certain parental, prenatal/pregnancy, infant, and early childhood factors, both alone and in combination, are potent predictors of severe obesity in kindergarteners.
Systemic considerations in the management of diabetic retinopathy.; PURPOSE: To highlight the systemic factors which affect onset and/or progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) and to emphasize the role and responsibilities of ophthalmologists and other eye care providers to ensure that appropriate systemic medical evaluation of the patient with diabetes is being pursued. DESIGN: Literature review of publications relevant to diabetic retinopathy, blood glucose control, diabetes mellitus type, hypertension, renal disease, elevated serum lipids, exercise, pregnancy, anticoagulation, thrombolysis, smoking, anemia and antioxidant ingestion. FINDINGS: Intensive blood glucose control and control of systemic hypertension reduce the risk of new onset DR and slow the progression of existing DR. Severe DR may be an indicator of renal disease while severe renal disease and its treatment can affect the progression of DR. Elevated serum lipids are associated with macular exudate and moderate visual loss. Certain types of excessive exercise in patients with advanced stages of retinopathy may aggravate vitreous hemorrhage. During pregnancy, DR should be monitored closely as transient progression of DR can occur. Therapeutic anticoagulation and thrombolysis are not contraindicated at any stage of DR. Anemia can result in progression of DR, smoking in general should be discouraged, and the role of antioxidant therapy requires further study. CONCLUSIONS: Blindness from diabetic retinopathy is now largely preventable with timely detection and appropriate interventional therapy. Routine, repetitive, lifelong, expert clinical retinal examination is essential for the fundamental ophthalmic care of the patient with diabetes. However, diabetes mellitus is a systemic disease and thus optimal ophthalmic care must include diligent evaluation and treatment of concomitant systemic disorders that influence the development, progression and ultimate outcome of diabetic retinopathy. Optimization of these systemic considerations through an intensive, multi-disciplinary, healthcare team-based approach will maximize the ophthalmic and general health of these patients. Ophthalmologists and other eye care providers are critical members of this team with unique responsibilities to ensure that appropriate systemic medical evaluation is being pursued.
A 7-year-old boy with central diabetes insipidus presenting with thickened pituitary stalk and anti-rabphilin-3A antibody positivity.; OBJECTIVES: A highly invasive pathological diagnosis is necessary to differentiate central diabetes insipidus (CDI) with a thickened pituitary stalk. Lymphocytic infundibulo-hypophysitis (LIH) due to autoimmune involvement of the pituitary stalk is a differentiating disease, and anti-rabphilin-3A antibody (Rab3A-Ab) positivity was recently reported. CASE PRESENTATION: A 7-year-old boy was diagnosed with CDI after having polyuria for two months. He showed growth hormone deficiency with reduced growth rate. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed a thickened pituitary stalk. The placental alkaline phosphatase level of the cerebrospinal fluid, tumor marker for germ cell tumors, was below the level of sensitivity. No skin or bone findings suggestive of Langerhans cell histiocytosis were detected. Eight months after CDI onset, Rab3A-Ab was positive, and MRI showed shrinking of the thickened pituitary stalk, leading to the diagnosis with LIH. CONCLUSIONS: Rab3A-Ab is a useful adjunctive diagnostic tool for childhood-onset LIH.
Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI): a role in pre-eclampsia?; Pre-eclampsia (P-Ec) is a complex multisystem disorder of unknown aetiology reported to occur in about 6% to 8% of all pregnancies throughout the world. This disease is associated with fibrin deposition and occlusive lesions in placental vessels. Pro-thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (pro-TAFI) is a relatively recently described glycoprotein that can be converted into its active form (TAFIa) by thrombin, thrombin-thrombomodulin and plasmin. TAFIa potentially inhibits fibrinolysis by removing C-terminal lysine and arginine residues from fibrin. These residues are required for adsorption of tissue-type plasminogen activator (t-PA) and plasminogen to fibrin. Therefore, TAFIa decreases plasmin formation and protects the fibrin clot against lysis. An increased of pro-TAFI/TAFIa levels has been reported in some clinical conditions associated with thrombotic tendency, as type II diabetes mellitus, deep vein thrombosis and symptomatic artery disease. Few studies have investigated pro-TAFI/TAFIa in normal or complicated pregnancy but contrasting results were reported. Understanding the role of pro-TAFI/TAFIa in the pathogenesis of P-Ec can hold great promise for improving P-Ec management. In this context, a large-scale study evaluating plasma TAFI antigen and activity, its synthesis and metabolism in pre-eclamptic women is required. Recently new selective TAFIa inhibitors have been developed. The design of a new therapy to treat and/or prevent P-Ec, based on successful use of TAFIa inhibitors, may have significant clinical ramifications.
Deaths: Leading Causes for 2018.; Objectives-This report presents final 2018 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements "Deaths: Final Data for 2018," the National Center for Health Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. Methods-Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2018. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. Race and Hispanic-origin data are based on the Office of Management and Budget's 1997 standards for reporting race and Hispanic origin. Results-In 2018, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Cerebrovascular diseases; Alzheimer disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). They accounted for 73.8% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2018 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Sudden infant death syndrome; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; Respiratory distress of newborn; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Fish - a scoping review for Nordic Nutrition Recommendations 2023.; The aim of this scoping review was to conduct evidence-based documentation between fish intake and health outcomes for food-based dietary guidelines (FBDGs) in the Nordic Nutrition Recommendations (NNR) 2023. For most health outcomes, the evidence for fish oil and n-3 long chain (LC) polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFA) supplementation was included when examining evidence between fish intake and health. In this review, conclusions from qualified systematic reviews (qSR) approved by NNR2023 are included. In addition, conclusions of a de novo systematic reviews on the topic of n-3 LC-PUFA, asthma, and allergy are included. Finally, a systematic literature search was performed limited to systematic reviews and meta-analysis published between 2011 and September 2021. In total, 21 papers from the systematic literature search, four qSR, and eight reports were included addressing the association between fish intake, fish oil, and n-3 LC-PUFA supplementation on several health outcomes. These included cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes, cancers (colorectal, breast, and prostate), metabolic syndrome, obesity, mortality, cognition and mental health, pregnancy-related outcomes (preterm birth and birth weight), and outcomes specific for children (neurodevelopment, and risk of food allergies, and asthma). In addition, intermediate risk factors such as blood lipids, glucose, C-reactive protein, and blood pressure were reviewed. Based on current evidence, fish consumption can have beneficial effects to prevent coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke incidence, and lower mortality from CVD, CHD, myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke, as well as total mortality risk. In addition, fish consumption is beneficial for preventing cognitive decline in adults (e.g. dementia and Alzheimer's disease). Fish intake may also prevent metabolic syndrome, supported by an observed association between fish intake and reduction in plasma triglycerides and increase in high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels. Data from fish oil and n-3 LC-PUFA supplementation studies supports the conclusions on the effects of fish consumption on most of the health outcomes.
Endocrinology of male puberty.; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent information leading to a better understanding of the endocrinology of male puberty, including information from earlier stages of life. RECENT FINDINGS: Differences in relative levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) in the neonatal period have been further described, as well as changes in inhibin B and anti-Müllerian hormone levels. Studies among men with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism suggest a role for the 'minipuberty of infancy' in inhibin B levels. Gonadotropin-releasing hormone analog-stimulated LH levels at the age of puberty may be useful in diagnosing hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. Inhibin B levels are likewise useful in monitoring spermatogenic activity. SUMMARY: Data from fetal life (men born small for gestational age with evidence of a defect in steroidogenesis, relatively high LH:FSH ratio among very premature boys), neonatal period (attenuated rise of inhibin B after rFSH stimulation among men with congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism), and puberty (often demonstrable by LH levels alone, progressive rise of insulin-like factor 3 levels, and decrease of anti-Müllerian hormone levels as a consequence of FSH and LH stimulation), all enhance the understanding of the physiology of puberty.
Deaths: leading causes for 2009.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2009 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the Division of Vital Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2009. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULTS: In 2009, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Cerebrovascular diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Alzheimer's disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). These causes accounted for approximately 75% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2009 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Neonatal programming of body weight regulation and energetic metabolism.; Programming is an epigenetic phenomena by which nutritional, hormonal, physical psychological and other stressful events acting in a critical period of life, such as gestation and lactation, modifies in a prolonged way certain physiological functions. This process was preserved by natural selection as an important adaptive tool for survival of organisms living in nutritional impaired areas. So, malnutrition during gestation and lactation turns on different genes that provide the organism with a thrifty phenotype. In the case of an abundant supply of nutrients after this period, those organisms that were adapted to a low metabolic waste and higher energy utilization will be in a higher risk of developing metabolic diseases, such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The kind of malnutrition, duration and intensity are important for the type of programming obtained. We discuss some of the hormonal and metabolic changes that occur in gestation or lactation, when malnutrition is applied to the mothers and their offspring. Some of these changes, such as an increase of maternal triiodothyronine (T(3)), leptin and glucocorticoids (GC) and decrease in prolactin are by itself potential programming factors. Most of these hormones can be transfer through the milk that has other important macronutrients composition changes in malnourished dams. We discuss the programming effects of some of these hormones upon body weight and composition, leptin, thyroid and adrenal functions, and their effects on liver, muscle and adipose tissue metabolism and the consequences on thermogenesis.
Early life insult from cigarette smoke may be predictive of chronic diseases later in life.; Evidence is rapidly accumulating that links cigarette smoke (CS) exposure in utero with the development of a variety of disease pathologies in the older offspring including, type 2 diabetes, obesity, certain childhood cancers and respiratory disorders. The role that the fetal environment plays in these late-onset outcomes and the underlying cellular/molecular mechanisms by which these CS-induced effects may occur are currently unknown. Although we are becoming more aware of the fact that prenatal insult can underlie childhood/adult diseases, critical knowledge gaps still exist including gene-environment interactions, and how a CS-induced imbalance in immune dynamics (i.e. TH1/TH2) might affect asthma development and/or exacerbation later in life. In this mini-review we introduce the concept of sexual dimorphism in CS-induced late-onset disease outcomes, as well as explore the mechanisms by which CS exposure in utero can lead to cardiovascular, cancer and respiratory abnormalities in the exposed offspring. By addressing such questions using animal models, appropriate intervention strategies can be developed that will help to protect children's health and their long-term quality of life.
Fish intake during pregnancy, fetal growth, and gestational length in 19 European birth cohort studies.; BACKGROUND: Fish is a rich source of essential nutrients for fetal development, but in contrast, it is also a well-known route of exposure to environmental pollutants. OBJECTIVE: We assessed whether fish intake during pregnancy is associated with fetal growth and the length of gestation in a panel of European birth cohort studies. DESIGN: The study sample of 151,880 mother-child pairs was derived from 19 population-based European birth cohort studies. Individual data from cohorts were pooled and harmonized. Adjusted cohort-specific effect estimates were combined by using a random- and fixed-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: Women who ate fish >1 time/wk during pregnancy had lower risk of preterm birth than did women who rarely ate fish (≤ 1 time/wk); the adjusted RR of fish intake >1 but <3 times/wk was 0.87 (95% CI: 0.82, 0.92), and for intake ≥ 3 times/wk, the adjusted RR was 0.89 (95% CI: 0.84, 0.96). Women with a higher intake of fish during pregnancy gave birth to neonates with a higher birth weight by 8.9 g (95% CI: 3.3, 14.6 g) for >1 but <3 times/wk and 15.2 g (95% CI: 8.9, 21.5 g) for ≥ 3 times/wk independent of gestational age. The association was greater in smokers and in overweight or obese women. Findings were consistent across cohorts. CONCLUSION: This large, international study indicates that moderate fish intake during pregnancy is associated with lower risk of preterm birth and a small but significant increase in birth weight.
Aneurysms of the fetal arterial duct are usually benign.; INTRODUCTION: Fetal arterial duct aneurysm, saccular, or fusiform enlargement of the arterial duct affect > 8% of pregnancies. It is uncommonly associated with serious sequelae postnatally, including thromboembolic events such as stroke and left pulmonary artery obstruction, rupture with demise, and vocal cord compression. Risk factors include maternal diabetes, late maternal age, maternal blood type A, large size for gestational age, and connective tissue disorders. The clinical importance remains unknown, making it difficult to determine how to monitor this finding postnatally. METHODS: This is a retrospective echocardiogram study assessing the outcomes of fetally diagnosed arterial duct aneurysm. Images and records were reviewed to confirm the diagnosis and assess risk factors and outcomes. Descriptive statistics were performed. RESULTS: Fifty-three affected fetuses were identified. The median gestational age at diagnosis was 34.9 weeks (IQR 32.6, 36.6). The median maternal age was 31 years (IQR 27.3-34.1). Eight (15%) had maternal diabetes. The most common blood type was type O. The median maximal dimension of the aneurysm was 7.6 mm (IQR 6.1, 8.7). The aortic end was the maximal dimension in 67.9%. Median postnatal follow-up period was 76 days (IQR 7.5, 368). No patients sustained postnatal demise related to the duct, rupture of the ductal aneurysm, cerebral infarction, or other sequelae. No newborn had associated connective tissue disorders. No patients underwent ductal intervention. CONCLUSION: In our experience, no adverse outcomes related to the ductal aneurysm were identified. This should be considered when counselling families about the need for postnatal follow-up.
Correlating head-to-body delivery intervals with neonatal depression in vaginal births that result in permanent brachial plexus injury.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to evaluate which variables predict neonatal depression in vaginal deliveries that result in permanent brachial plexus injury. STUDY DESIGN: With the use of a data set of litigated vaginal deliveries (n = 103 deliveries) from 1978 through 1999 that resulted in permanent brachial plexus injury, detailed delivery and neonatal and pediatric information was obtained by chart review. Neonatal depression was defined as a 5-minute Apgar score of <7. Data that were extrapolated from neonates with low Apgar scores at 5 minutes were compared with neonates with Apgar scores of > or =7 with the use of the Fisher exact test, chi(2) test, or one-way analysis of variance; a two-tailed probability value of <.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Nine of 89 neonates (10%) had low 5-minute Apgar scores. Head-to-body delivery intervals (available for 36 deliveries) were significantly longer in neonates with 5-minute Apgar scores of <7 vs > or =7 (294 +/- 68 seconds vs 147 +/- 82 seconds, P <.001). Differences in other clinical variables (ie, maternal weight, gestational age, diabetes mellitus, parity, birth weight, and sex) were not significant. None of the infants in this data set, which includes those infants with neonatal depression) died or had long-term asphyxia-related sequelae in the form of speech impediments, seizures, cerebral palsy, coma, or organ dysfunction. CONCLUSION: The head-to-body delivery interval was the only significant factor in the prediction of 5-minute Apgar score of <7 in a data set of deliveries that resulted in permanent brachial plexus injury. Despite extended times (< or =6 minutes) on the perineum that resulted in a higher reduced Apgar score rate, there was no asphyxia-related morbidity.
Assessment of fetal cardiac function in early fetal life: feasibility, reproducibility, and early fetal nomograms.; BACKGROUND: Fetal cardiology has shown a rapid development in the past decades. Fetal echocardiography is not only used for the detection of structural anomalies but also to assess fetal cardiac function. Assessment of the fetal cardiac function is performed mostly in the second and third trimesters. The study of fetal cardiac function at the end of first trimester has not been investigated properly, and there is a lack of reference values at early gestational weeks. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to assess if the measurement of time-related parameters of cardiac function in the left ventricle of the fetal heart is feasible and reproducible at the end of the first trimester. If possible, we provide nomograms of these parameters from 11 to 13+6 gestational weeks. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a prospective observational study from March to September 2022. The study was carried out in 2 hospitals (Hospital Universitari Dexeus, Barcelona, and Hospital VITAHS 9 Octubre, Valencia, Spain). The scans were performed by 3 specialists in fetal medicine. The exclusion criteria were fetal cardiac rhythm abnormalities, abnormal nuchal translucency, abnormal ductus venosus, fetal malformations, stillbirth, estimated fetal weight <10 percentile, diabetes, and gestational hypertensive disorders. The cardiac function parameters studied in the left ventricle were isovolumetric contraction time, isovolumetric relaxation time, ejection time, filling time, cycle time, myocardial performance index, ejection time fraction, and filling time fraction. We study the feasibility and intra- and interobserver reproducibility of these parameters using the interclass correlation coefficient. Nomograms were created and the percentiles of the values of the different parameters were calculated. RESULTS: A total of 409 cases were recruited but only 296 could be included in the statistical analysis once the exclusion criteria were applied. The intraobserver reproducibility study was excellent (interclass correlation coefficient >0.900), and the interobserver reproducibility study was good (interclass correlation coefficient >0.700). The data regression analysis showed that cycle time, filling time, isovolumetric contraction time, and filling time fraction increased with gestational age, whereas ejection time fraction decreased with gestational age and myocardial performance index (mean, 0.43±0.08), isovolumetric relaxation time (mean, 0.04±0.01), and ejection time (mean, 0.16±0.01) remained constant from 11 to 13 weeks. CONCLUSION: The study of fetal cardiac function is feasible and reproducible at 11 to 13+6 gestational weeks. Nomograms of the studied parameters are provided.
COVID-19-related deaths among women of reproductive age in Brazil: The burden of postpartum.; OBJECTIVE: To compare risk of death due to COVID-19 among pregnant, postpartum, and non-pregnant women of reproductive age in Brazil, using the severe acute respiratory syndrome surveillance system (SARS-SS). METHODS: A secondary analysis was performed of the Brazilian official SARS-SS, with data retrieved up to August 17, 2020. Cases were stratified by pregnancy status, risk factors or co-morbidities, and outcome (death or recovery). Multiple logistic regression was employed to examine associations between independent variables and risk of death. RESULTS: A total of 24 805 cases were included, with 3129 deaths (12.6%), including 271 maternal deaths. Postpartum was associated with increased risk of death, admission to the intensive care unit (ICU), and mechanical ventilation. Co-morbidities with higher impact on case fatality rate among non-obstetric cases were cancer and neurological and kidney diseases. Among pregnant women, cancer, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and rheumatology diseases were associated with risk of death. In the postpartum subgroup, age over 35 years and diabetes mellitus were independently associated with higher chance of death. CONCLUSION: Postpartum was associated with worse outcomes among the obstetric population, despite lower risk of dying without accessing ICU care. Non-pregnant women with cancer, neurological diseases, and kidney diseases have a higher risk of death due to COVID-19.
Congenital anomalies in pregnancies with overt and pregestational type 2 diabetes: a gray portrayal from a cohort in Brazil.; OBJECTIVE: To describe the frequency and types of congenital anomalies and associated risk factors in Brazilian women with type 2 diabetes. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study between 2005 and 2021, we included all pregnant participants with type 2 diabetes from the two major public hospitals in southern Brazil. We collected data from the electronic hospital records. Congenital anomalies were classified by the 10(th) revised International Classification of Diseases, Q chapter, enhanced by the EUROCAT registry classification, and categorized by type and gravity. We used multiple Poisson regression with robust estimates to estimate risks. RESULTS: Among 648 participants, we excluded 19, and 62 were lost to follow-up; therefore, we included 567 participants. Overt diabetes arose in 191 participants (33.7%, 95% CI 30.0% - 38.0%). Less than 20% of the participants supplemented folate. Congenital anomalies occurred in 78 neonates (13.8%, CI 11.0 - 16.9%), 73 babies (93.6%) presented major anomalies, and 20 (10.5%) cases occurred in participants with overt diabetes. Cardiac anomalies were the most frequent (43 isolated and 12 combined). Pre-eclampsia was associated with an increased risk in the analyses including all women (adjusted RR 1.87 (95% CI 1.23-2.85), p = 0.003), but not in analyses including only women with an HbA1c measured up to the 14(th) gestational age. HbA1c, either measured at any time in pregnancy (adjusted RR 1.21 (95% CI 1.10-1.33), p < 0.001) or up to the first 14 weeks (adjusted RR 1.22, 95% CI 1.10-1.35, p < 0.001) was the only sustained risk factor. Risk factors such as maternal age, obesity, diabetes diagnosis, or use of antidiabetic medications were not associated with congenital anomalies. CONCLUSION: We found a high frequency of congenital anomalies associated with poor maternal glycemic control and revealed an almost universal lack of preconception care. An urgent call to action is mandatory for the reversal of this gray scenario.
Completeness of maternal smoking status recording during pregnancy in United Kingdom primary care data.; BACKGROUND: Given the health impacts of smoking during pregnancy and the opportunity for primary healthcare teams to encourage pregnant smokers to quit, our primary aim was to assess the completeness of gestational smoking status recording in primary care data and investigate whether completeness varied with women's characteristics. As a secondary aim we assessed whether completeness of recording varied before and after the introduction of the Quality and Outcomes Framework (QOF). METHODS: In The Health Improvement Network (THIN) database we calculated the proportion of pregnancies ending in live births or stillbirths where there was a recording of maternal smoking status for each year from 2000 to 2009. Logistic regression was used to assess variation in the completeness of maternal smoking recording by maternal characteristics, before and after the introduction of QOF. RESULTS: Women had a record of smoking status during the gestational period in 28% of the 277,552 pregnancies identified. In 2000, smoking status was recorded in 9% of pregnancies, rising to 43% in 2009. Pregnant women from the most deprived group were 17% more likely to have their smoking status recorded than pregnant women from the least deprived group before QOF implementation (OR 1.17, 95% CI 1.10-1.25) and 42% more likely afterwards (OR 1.42, 95% CI 1.37-1.47). A diagnosis of asthma was related to recording of smoking status during pregnancy in both the pre-QOF (OR 1.63, 95% CI 1.53-1.74) and post-QOF periods (OR 2.08, 95% CI 2.02-2.15). There was no association between having a diagnosis of diabetes and recording of smoking status during pregnancy pre-QOF however, post-QOF diagnosis of diabetes was associated with a 12% increase in recording of smoking status (OR 1.12, 95% CI 1.05-1.19). CONCLUSION: Recording of smoking status during pregnancy in primary care data is incomplete though has improved over time, especially after the implementation of the QOF, and varies by maternal characteristics and QOF-incentivised morbidities.
Alterations in glucocorticoid negative feedback following maternal Pb, prenatal stress and the combination: a potential biological unifying mechanism for their corresponding disease profiles.; Combined exposures to maternal lead (Pb) and prenatal stress (PS) can act synergistically to enhance behavioral and neurochemical toxicity in offspring. Maternal Pb itself causes permanent dysfunction of the body's major stress system, the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis. The current study sought to determine the potential involvement of altered negative glucocorticoid feedback as a mechanistic basis of the effects in rats of maternal Pb (0, 50 or 150 ppm in drinking water beginning 2 mo prior to breeding), prenatal stress (PS; restraint on gestational days 16-17) and combined maternal Pb+PS in 8 mo old male and female offspring. Corticosterone changes were measured over 24 h following an i.p. injection stress containing vehicle or 100 or 300 microg/kg (females) or 100 or 150 microg/kg (males) dexamethasone (DEX). Both Pb and PS prolonged the time course of corticosterone reduction following vehicle injection stress. Pb effects were non-monotonic, with a greater impact at 50 vs. 150 ppm, particularly in males, where further enhancement occurred with PS. In accord with these findings, the efficacy of DEX in suppressing corticosterone was reduced by Pb and Pb+PS in both genders, with Pb efficacy enhanced by PS in females, over the first 6 h post-administration. A marked prolongation of DEX effects was found in males. Thus, Pb, PS and Pb+PS, sometimes additively, produced hypercortisolism in both genders, followed by hypocortisolism in males, consistent with HPA axis dysfunction. These findings may provide a plausible unifying biological mechanism for the reported links between Pb exposure and stress-associated diseases and disorders mediated via the HPA axis, including obesity, hypertension, diabetes, anxiety, schizophrenia and depression. They also suggest broadening of Pb screening programs to pregnant women in high stress environments.
Thyrotoxicosis in the Setting of Hydatidiform Mole with Subsequent Development of Takotsubo Cardiomyopathy Complicated by COVID-19.; We present a rare case of hydatidiform molar pregnancy, which led to the development of thyroid storm, followed by a rare complication of takotsubo cardiomyopathy in the setting of a COVID-19 infection. A 21-year-old female of 22 weeks gestational age presented with heavy vaginal blood loss, brown emesis, tachycardia, and lethargy. Through clinical presentation and ultrasound confirmation, a molar pregnancy was diagnosed. Laboratory data and clinical presentation of thyrotoxicosis supported a diagnosis of thyroid storm. Test for COVID-19 was positive. The patient was treated with dilation and curettage, antithyroid medication, and blood transfusions, resulting in symptom resolution. Thereafter, echocardiography confirmed takotsubo cardiomyopathy. It is suspected that the homology in structure between the human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and thyroid stimulating hormone subunits resulted in thyroid storm secondary to receptor cross-reactivity. We speculate that subsequent cardiovascular stress of b-hCG-induced thyroid storm with superimposed COVID-19 infection facilitated the development of Takotsubo cardiomyopathy.
The role of the invasive, placental trophoblast in human pregnancy.; During early pregnancy the placenta-derived extravillous trophoblast starts to invade the maternal uterus in order to regulate adequate blood flow and nutrient supply to the growing fetus. A unique set of events including plugging and remodelling of maternal vessels, regulation of oxygen levels, as well as the crosstalk with maternal decidual cells are thought to be precisely controlled by the invading extravillous trophoblasts. However, defects in these processes can lead to severe complications during pregnancy threatening the well-being of both the mother and the developing fetus. For instance incomplete trophoblast-associated invasion and arterial remodelling are associated with preeclampsia, the most common pregnancy-related complication. Moreover, failure in proper placental development and adequate fetal nutrition could be effective later in life, as growth-restricted neonates have a higher risk to develop adult onset of hypertension, heart disease and diabetes mellitus. Consequently, a detailed understanding of the mechanisms that underlie trophoblast invasion is thought to improve both diagnosis and treatment of various pregnancy-related disorders.
Priming of metabolic dysfunctions by prenatal immune activation in mice: relevance to schizophrenia.; Schizophrenia is associated with increased risk for multiple metabolic abnormalities, including altered glucose homeostasis, type-2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. Some of the metabolic alterations can already exist in psychosis-prone subjects prior to the onset of chronic schizophrenic disease and pharmacotherapy, indicating that they may have a developmental origin. In the present study, we tested the hypothesis that metabolic alterations pertinent to schizophrenic disease can be primed by an environmental risk factor associated with the disorder, namely prenatal exposure to immune challenge. We used a well-established mouse model of prenatal immune challenge induced by maternal gestational treatment with poly(I:C) (="polyriboinosinic-polyribocytidilic acid"), an analog of double-stranded RNA that stimulates a cytokine-associated viral-like acute phase response. Metabolic effects were studied using high-resolution computed tomography and fully automated indirect calorimetry system, along with an oral glucose tolerance test and plasma cytokine and corticosterone measurements. We found that prenatal immune activation caused altered glycemic regulation and abnormal ingestive behavior in periadolescence and led to an adult onset of excess visceral and subcutaneous fat deposition. These effects were accompanied by age-dependent changes in peripheral secretion of proinflammatory (interleukin [IL]-6 and tumor necrosis factor [TNF]-α) and T cell-related (IL-2 and interferon [IFN]-γ) cytokines and by increased release of the stress hormone corticosterone in periadolescence. Our findings show that schizophrenia-relevant metabolic and physiological abnormalities can be primed by prenatal viral-like immune activation, but at the same time, our study emphasizes that this environmental insult is unlikely to precipitate the full spectrum of metabolic and immunological changes pertinent to chronic schizophrenic disease.
Genome-Wide De Novo Variants in Congenital Heart Disease Are Not Associated With Maternal Diabetes or Obesity.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common anomaly at birth, with a prevalence of ≈1%. While infants born to mothers with diabetes or obesity have a 2- to 3-fold increased incidence of CHD, the cause of the increase is unknown. Damaging de novo variants (DNV) in coding regions are more common among patients with CHD, but genome-wide rates of coding and noncoding DNVs associated with these prenatal exposures have not been studied in patients with CHD. METHODS: DNV frequencies were determined for 1812 patients with CHD who had whole-genome sequencing and prenatal history data available from the Pediatric Cardiac Genomics Consortium's CHD GENES study (Genetic Network). The frequency of DNVs was compared between subgroups using t test or linear model. RESULTS: Among 1812 patients with CHD, the number of DNVs per patient was higher with maternal diabetes (76.5 versus 72.1, t test P=3.03×10(-11)), but the difference was no longer significant after including parental ages in a linear model (paternal and maternal correction P=0.42). No interaction was observed between diabetes risk and parental age (paternal and maternal interaction P=0.80 and 0.68, respectively). No difference was seen in DNV count per patient based on maternal obesity (72.0 versus 72.2 for maternal body mass index <25 versus maternal body mass index >30, t test P=0.86). CONCLUSIONS: After accounting for parental age, the offspring of diabetic or obese mothers have no increase in DNVs compared with other children with CHD. These results emphasize the role for other mechanisms in the cause of CHD associated with these prenatal exposures. REGISTRATION: URL: https://clinicaltrials.gov; NCT01196182.
Modeling the Effects of Maternal Diabetes on the Developing Human Heart Using Pluripotent Stem Cell-Derived Heart Organoids.; Congenital heart defects (CHD) constitute the most common type of birth defect in humans. Maternal diabetes during the first trimester of pregnancy (pregestational diabetes, or PGD) is one of the most prominent factors contributing to CHD, and is present in a significant population of female patients with diabetes in reproductive age. PGD is challenging to manage clinically due to the extreme sensitivity of the developing embryo to glucose oscillations, and constitutes a critical health problem for the mother and the fetus. The prevalence of PGD-induced CHD is increasing due to the ongoing diabetes epidemic. While studies using animal models and cells in culture have demonstrated that PGD alters critical cellular and developmental processes, the mechanisms remain obscure, and it is unclear to what extent these models recapitulate PGD-induced CHD in humans. Clinical practice precludes direct studies in developing human embryos, further highlighting the need for physiologically relevant models. To bypass many of these technical and ethical limitations, we describe here a human pluripotent stem cell (hPSC)-based method to generate developmentally relevant self-organizing human heart organoids. By using glucose and insulin to mimic the diabetic environment that the embryo faces in PGD, this system allows modeling critical features of PGD in a human system with relevant physiology, structure, and cell types. The protocol starts with the generation of hPSC-derived embryoid bodies in a 96-well plate, followed by a small molecule-based three-step Wnt activation/inhibition/activation strategy. Organoids are then differentiated under healthy (normal insulin and glucose) and diabetic conditions (high insulin and glucose) over time, allowing for the study of the effects of pregestational diabetes on the developing human heart. We also provide an immunofluorescence protocol for comparing, characterizing, and analyzing the differences between the healthy and diabetic organoids, and comment on additional steps for preparing the organoids for analysis by other techniques after differentiation. © 2022 The Authors. Current Protocols published by Wiley Periodicals LLC. Basic Protocol 1: Generation of hPSC-derived embryoid bodies Basic Protocol 2: Differentiation of EBs into heart organoids under healthy and diabetes-like conditions Basic Protocol 3: Immunofluorescence and organoid preparation for other assays.
Prevalence and severity of diabetic retinopathy in pregnant women with diabetes-time to individualize photo screening frequency.; AIMS: To evaluate the prevalence and severity of diabetic retinopathy including macular oedema in pregnant women with diabetes and to identify women in whom the frequency of retinal screening can be reduced to minimize the burden of health care visits. METHODS: A cohort study of 348 women with pre-existing diabetes were routinely screened with retinal photo in early (12 weeks) and late pregnancy (27 weeks). Diabetic retinopathy was classified in five stages in accordance with National Danish Guidelines based on the eye with the highest retinopathy level. Sight-threatening retinopathy was defined as the presence of proliferative retinopathy and/or clinically significant macular oedema (CSMO). RESULTS: Retinopathy was present in 52% (116/223) vs. 14% (17/125), with sight-threatening retinopathy in 16% (35/223) vs. 6% (7/125) of women with type 1 and type 2, respectively. Women without retinopathy in early and late pregnancy were characterized by shorter diabetes duration (p < 0.0001 and p = 0.008) and predominance of type 2 diabetes. Amongst the 50% (175/348) of the cohort having no retinopathy in early pregnancy and HbA1c<53 mmol/mol (7.0%), none developed sight-threatening retinopathy and 94% (165/175) remained without any retinopathy during pregnancy. Development of sight-threatening retinopathy was mainly observed in women with retinopathy in early pregnancy. Treatment for sight-threatening retinopathy was given to a minority (2.7 and 2.4%, respectively). CONCLUSION: Good glycaemic control and no retinopathy was seen in a large proportion of women in early pregnancy and none of these women developed sight-threatening retinopathy. The frequency of retinal screening can probably be safely reduced during pregnancy in these women.
Global, regional, and national age-sex specific mortality for 264 causes of death, 1980-2016: a systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2016.; BACKGROUND: Monitoring levels and trends in premature mortality is crucial to understanding how societies can address prominent sources of early death. The Global Burden of Disease 2016 Study (GBD 2016) provides a comprehensive assessment of cause-specific mortality for 264 causes in 195 locations from 1980 to 2016. This assessment includes evaluation of the expected epidemiological transition with changes in development and where local patterns deviate from these trends. METHODS: We estimated cause-specific deaths and years of life lost (YLLs) by age, sex, geography, and year. YLLs were calculated from the sum of each death multiplied by the standard life expectancy at each age. We used the GBD cause of death database composed of: vital registration (VR) data corrected for under-registration and garbage coding; national and subnational verbal autopsy (VA) studies corrected for garbage coding; and other sources including surveys and surveillance systems for specific causes such as maternal mortality. To facilitate assessment of quality, we reported on the fraction of deaths assigned to GBD Level 1 or Level 2 causes that cannot be underlying causes of death (major garbage codes) by location and year. Based on completeness, garbage coding, cause list detail, and time periods covered, we provided an overall data quality rating for each location with scores ranging from 0 stars (worst) to 5 stars (best). We used robust statistical methods including the Cause of Death Ensemble model (CODEm) to generate estimates for each location, year, age, and sex. We assessed observed and expected levels and trends of cause-specific deaths in relation to the Socio-demographic Index (SDI), a summary indicator derived from measures of average income per capita, educational attainment, and total fertility, with locations grouped into quintiles by SDI. Relative to GBD 2015, we expanded the GBD cause hierarchy by 18 causes of death for GBD 2016. FINDINGS: The quality of available data varied by location. Data quality in 25 countries rated in the highest category (5 stars), while 48, 30, 21, and 44 countries were rated at each of the succeeding data quality levels. Vital registration or verbal autopsy data were not available in 27 countries, resulting in the assignment of a zero value for data quality. Deaths from non-communicable diseases (NCDs) represented 72·3% (95% uncertainty interval [UI] 71·2-73·2) of deaths in 2016 with 19·3% (18·5-20·4) of deaths in that year occurring from communicable, maternal, neonatal, and nutritional (CMNN) diseases and a further 8·43% (8·00-8·67) from injuries. Although age-standardised rates of death from NCDs decreased globally between 2006 and 2016, total numbers of these deaths increased; both numbers and age-standardised rates of death from CMNN causes decreased in the decade 2006-16-age-standardised rates of deaths from injuries decreased but total numbers varied little. In 2016, the three leading global causes of death in children under-5 were lower respiratory infections, neonatal preterm birth complications, and neonatal encephalopathy due to birth asphyxia and trauma, combined resulting in 1·80 million deaths (95% UI 1·59 million to 1·89 million). Between 1990 and 2016, a profound shift toward deaths at older ages occurred with a 178% (95% UI 176-181) increase in deaths in ages 90-94 years and a 210% (208-212) increase in deaths older than age 95 years. The ten leading causes by rates of age-standardised YLL significantly decreased from 2006 to 2016 (median annualised rate of change was a decrease of 2·89%); the median annualised rate of change for all other causes was lower (a decrease of 1·59%) during the same interval. Globally, the five leading causes of total YLLs in 2016 were cardiovascular diseases; diarrhoea, lower respiratory infections, and other common infectious diseases; neoplasms; neonatal disorders; and HIV/AIDS and tuberculosis. At a finer level of disaggregation within cause groupings, the ten leading causes of total YLLs in 2016 were ischaemic heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, lower respiratory infections, diarrhoeal diseases, road injuries, malaria, neonatal preterm birth complications, HIV/AIDS, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and neonatal encephalopathy due to birth asphyxia and trauma. Ischaemic heart disease was the leading cause of total YLLs in 113 countries for men and 97 countries for women. Comparisons of observed levels of YLLs by countries, relative to the level of YLLs expected on the basis of SDI alone, highlighted distinct regional patterns including the greater than expected level of YLLs from malaria and from HIV/AIDS across sub-Saharan Africa; diabetes mellitus, especially in Oceania; interpersonal violence, notably within Latin America and the Caribbean; and cardiomyopathy and myocarditis, particularly in eastern and central Europe. The level of YLLs from ischaemic heart disease was less than expected in 117 of 195 locations. Other leading causes of YLLs for which YLLs were notably lower than expected included neonatal preterm birth complications in many locations in both south Asia and southeast Asia, and cerebrovascular disease in western Europe. INTERPRETATION: The past 37 years have featured declining rates of communicable, maternal, neonatal, and nutritional diseases across all quintiles of SDI, with faster than expected gains for many locations relative to their SDI. A global shift towards deaths at older ages suggests success in reducing many causes of early death. YLLs have increased globally for causes such as diabetes mellitus or some neoplasms, and in some locations for causes such as drug use disorders, and conflict and terrorism. Increasing levels of YLLs might reflect outcomes from conditions that required high levels of care but for which effective treatments remain elusive, potentially increasing costs to health systems. FUNDING: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Fetal programming of stress responses.; Epidemiological studies have shown that small size at birth is associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease and its risk factors, including hypertension and Type 2 diabetes.It is suggested that these observations linking low birthweight with disease result from an imbalance between fetal nutrient demand and supply. This imbalance results in metabolic and endocrine adaptations, which benefit the fetus in the short term by reducing fetal growth and increasing fuel availability, but in the longer term they are maladaptive leading to an increased risk of coronary heart disease. Experimental data in animals and recent human observations have suggested that alterations in the set point of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and sympathoadrenal system are important long-term changes that occur in association with reduced fetal growth. These data suggest that the nature and amplitude of the stress response may be determined by intrauterine factors.
Behavior reallocations within 24-h movement profiles and change in cardiometabolic biomarkers during pregnancy.; OBJECTIVE: The goal of this study was to investigate associations of reallocations within 24-h movement profiles and changes in cardiometabolic biomarkers from early to late pregnancy. METHODS: In 137 individuals with prepregnancy overweight/obesity, waking movement was measured using wrist-worn accelerometers, sleep was self-reported, and biomarkers were measured in fasting serum samples at 12 and 32 weeks' gestation. We used compositional isotemporal substitution models. RESULTS: On average, biomarkers increased 21%-83% across pregnancy. For those with guideline-recommended moderate/vigorous-intensity physical activity (MVPA) in early pregnancy, reallocating 30 min from MVPA to sleep, sedentary behavior, or light-intensity physical activity (LPA) was associated with a 0.6 mmol/L greater increase in total cholesterol (95% CI: -0.1 to 1.2) and a 0.7 mmol/L greater increase in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol (95% CI: 0.1 to 1.3) from early to late pregnancy. For those with low MVPA in early pregnancy, reallocating 30 min from sleep, sedentary behavior, or LPA to MVPA was associated with a 0.6 mmol/L lower increase in total cholesterol (95% CI: -1.3 to 0.1) and a 0.8 mmol/L lower increase in LDL cholesterol (95% CI: -1.4 to -0.1) from early to late pregnancy. There were no associations with change in glucose, insulin, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance, very low-density lipoprotein, or high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, or free fatty acids. CONCLUSIONS: Maintaining or achieving a 24-h movement profile with guideline-recommended amounts of MVPA may be beneficial for reducing pregnancy-induced increases in total and LDL cholesterol.
Magnesium metabolism in hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.; The increasing evidence for the clinical relevance of altered magnesium metabolism to states of altered insulin resistance confirms the role of magnesium deficit as a possible underlying common mechanism of the "insulin resistance" of hypertension and altered glucose tolerance. The pioneer work of Lawrence M. Resnick and his group using the cellular ion-based approach that we are only partially presenting here has consistently contributed to the progress of the field, demonstrating (a) the critical importance of magnesium metabolism in regulating insulin sensitivity as well as vascular tone, and blood-pressure homeostasis; (b) that magnesium deficiency, defined on the basis of intracellular free magnesium levels, and or serum ionized magnesium is a common feature of both diabetic and hypertensive states as well as various other cardiovascular and metabolic processes and aging; (c) the ability of environmental factors such as dietary nutrient-sugar and mineral content to alter the set point of steady-state cell ion activity; and (d) that magnesium supplementation is indicated in conditions associated with magnesium deficit although well-designed therapeutic trials of magnesium in essential hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus are needed in the near future.
Perinatal factors impacting echocardiographic left ventricular measurement in small for gestational age infants: a prospective cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Infants born small for gestational age (SGA) have an increased risk of developing various cardiovascular complications. While many influencing factors can be adjusted or adapt over time, congenital factors also have a significant role. This study, therefore, seeks to explore the effect of perinatal factors on the left ventricular (LV) parameters in SGA infants, as assessed immediately after birth. METHODS AND MATERIALS: This single-center prospective cohort study, conducted between 2014 and 2018, involved healthy SGA newborns born > 35 weeks' gestation, delivered at New York-Presbyterian Brooklyn Methodist Hospital, and a gestational age (GA)-matched control group of appropriate for gestational age (AGA) infants. Data analysis was performed using multivariate linear regression in STATA. RESULTS: The study enrolled 528 neonates, 114 SGA and 414 AGA. SGA infants exhibited a mean GA of 38.05 weeks (vs. 38.54), higher male representation (69.3% vs. 51.5%), lower birth weight (BW) (2318g vs 3381g), lower Apgar scores at birth, and a higher rate of neonatal intensive care unit admission compared to AGA infants (41.2% vs.18.9%; p<0.001). Furthermore, SGA infants were more likely to be born to nulliparous women (63.16% vs. 38.16%; p<0.001), with lower body mass index (BMI) (29.8 vs. 31.7; p=0.004), a lower prevalence of gestational maternal diabetes (GDM) (14.9 % vs. 35.5%; p<0.001), and a higher prevalence of preeclampsia (18.4 % vs. 6.52%; p<0.001). BW was identified as the most significant predictor affecting most LV parameters in this study (p<0.001), except shortening fraction, asymmetric interventricular septal hypertrophy and Inter-ventricular septal thickness/LV posterior wall ratio (IVS/LVPW). Lower GA (coefficient = -0.09, p=0.002), insulin use in GDM (coefficient = 0.39, p=0.014), and low APGAR scores at 1 minute (coefficient = -0.07, p<0.001) were significant predictors of IVS during diastole (R-squared [R(2)]=0.24). High maternal BMI is marginally associated with LVPW during systole (R(2)=0.27, coefficient = 0.01, p=0.050), while male sex was a significant predictor of LV internal dimension during diastole (R(2)=0.29, p=0.033). CONCLUSION: This study highlights the significant influence of perinatal factors on LV parameters in SGA infants, with BW being the most influential factor. Although LV morphology alone may not predict future cardiovascular risk in the SGA population, further research is needed to develop effective strategies for long-term cardiovascular health management in this population.
Assessment of the impact of HIV infection and anti-retroviral treatment on the cardiometabolic health of pregnant mothers and their offspring (ARTMOMSBABES).; BACKGROUND: The risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) is becoming more prevalent in pregnant women though not much data is available for pregnant women with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Foetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction is thought to be at the origin of chronic diseases such as diabetes and obesity later on in life. Because HIV and anti-retroviral treatment (ARTs) are associated with endothelial dysfunction, children exposed in utero to these conditions may be at greater risk of developing CVDs. Despite the high prevalence of HIV in pregnant South African women, little is known about the effects of ART on the cardiovascular health of the mother and offspring. Hence, the proposed study intends to investigate how HIV/ARTs may affect the cardiovascular health of the mother and offspring at different time points during the pregnancy and up to 2 years after birth. METHODS: A longitudinal case-control study in HIV positive pregnant women on ART and HIV negative pregnant women will be conducted. All pregnant women will be assessed for cardio-metabolic risk factors and markers (lipids, anthropometric and glycaemic indies, oxidative stress), hemodynamic status (blood pressure parameters) and vascular function (arterial compliance, retinal microvasculature, uterine artery mean pulsatility index). Child health will be monitored in utero and postnatally via routine foetal health screening, placental integrity, anthropometry, blood pressure parameters, markers of oxidative stress and endothelial function in cord blood and cardiovascular epigenetic markers in urine. DISCUSSION: There is a paucity of studies in South Africa and sub-Sahara Africa as a whole that utilised a longitudinal study model to assess the effects of ARTs on vascular endothelial changes in pregnant women living with HIV and the cardiometabolic health of their offspring. This study will therefore help to monitor changes in cardiometabolic risk during pregnancy and in children exposed in utero to HIV-infection and ART use. Findings from this study will provide useful information for developing guidelines on the use of ARTs in pregnancy and management of cardiometabolic health of the offspring of HIV positive mothers.
Alterations in perivascular innervation function in mesenteric arteries from offspring of diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: We have reported that exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment during pregnancy increases blood pressure in adult offspring, but the mechanisms involved are not completely understood. This study was designed to analyse a possible role of perivascular sympathetic and nitrergic innervation in the superior mesenteric artery (SMA) in this effect. EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH: Diabetes was induced in pregnant Wistar rats by a single injection of streptozotocin. Endothelium-denuded vascular rings from the offspring of control (O-CR) and diabetic rats (O-DR) were used. Vasomotor responses to electrical field stimulation (EFS), NA and the NO donor DEA-NO were studied. The expressions of neuronal NOS (nNOS) and phospho-nNOS (P-nNOS) and release of NA, ATP and NO were determined. Sympathetic and nitrergic nerve densities were analysed by immunofluorescence. KEY RESULTS: Blood pressure was higher in O-DR animals. EFS-induced vasoconstriction was greater in O-DR animals. This response was decreased by phentolamine more in O-DR animals than their controls. L-NAME increased EFS-induced vasoconstriction more strongly in O-DR than in O-CR segments. Vasomotor responses to NA or DEA-NO were not modified. NA, ATP and NO release was increased in segments from O-DR. nNOS expression was not modified, whereas P-nNOS expression was increased in O-DR. Sympathetic and nitrergic nerve densities were similar in both experimental groups. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: The activity of sympathetic and nitrergic innervation is increased in SMA from O-DR animals. The net effect is an increase in EFS-induced contractions in these animals. These effects may contribute to the increased blood pressure observed in the offspring of diabetic rats.
[Ocular complications in diabetes: towards standardizing screening and care].; Diabetic retinopathy remains a major cause of blindness and vision loss in France. Around 2% of diabetic patients become legally blind and 10% have a severe visual handicap. Systematic screening, careful follow-up and treatment of diabetic retinopathy should allow to avoid severe ocular complications. ETDRS (Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study) brought major information concerning the natural history of diabetic retinopathy and allowed to establish a convenient classification. Laser photocoagulation improves the prognosis of proliferative diabetic retinopathy, and decreases the rate of vision loss due to macular oedema. Diabetic retinopathy may worsen after cataract extraction; therefore close ophthalmological follow-up after surgery is necessary. It has not been proven that glaucoma is more frequent in diabetic patients than in the general population.
[Clinical course and pathogenesis of oral contraceptive hypertension (author's transl)].; Oral contraceptives are of pathogenetic importance in hypertension of women aged 26 to 35 years. The hypertensive reaction occurs predominantly in those women who have hereditary predisposition in hypertension or diabetes mellitus, who suffer themselves from diabetes mellitus or who showed toxemia in preceding pregnancies. Experimental studies in rats indicated that oral contraceptive hypertension could be due to vascular lesions, produced by estrogen, and sodium retention, caused by progestogen. Our findings are not in agreement with the proposal that the hypertensive reaction in women is always reversible. It would be of advantage if oral contraceptives could be used, which contain no estrogen or at least estrogen in the lowest possible dose and which comprise progestogens without sodium-retaining effect.
Unplanned hysterectomy: a comprehensive analysis of race, ethnicity, sociodemographic factors, pregnancy complications, and cardiovascular disease risk factors.; OBJECTIVE: To understand the risk of unplanned hysterectomy (UH) in pregnant women better in association with maternal sociodemographic characteristics, cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors, and current pregnancy complications. DESIGN: Using Florida birth data from 2005 to 2014, we investigated the possible interactions between known risk factors of having UH, including maternal sociodemographic characteristics, maternal medical history, and other pregnancy complications. Logistic regression models were constructed. Adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were reported. RESULTS: Several interactions were observed that significantly affected odds of UH. Compared to non-Hispanic White women, Hispanic minority women were more likely to have an UH. The overall risk of UH for women with preterm birth (<37 weeks) and concurrently had premature rupture of membranes (PRoM), uterine rupture, or a previous cesarean delivery was significantly higher than women who delivered to term and had no pregnancy complications. Women who delivered via cesarean who also had preeclampsia, PRoM, or uterine rupture had an overall increased risk of UH. Significantly decreased risk of UH was seen for Black women less than 20 years old, women of other minority races with either less than a high school degree or a college degree or greater, women of other minority races with PRoM, and women with preterm birth and diabetes compared to respective reference groups. CONCLUSIONS: Maternal race, ethnicity, CVD risk factors, and current pregnancy complications affect the risk of UH in pregnant women through complex interactions that would not be seen in unadjusted models of risk analysis.
[Prostacyclin as a protective factor for blood vessels].; Prostacyclin is a very unstable prostaglandin, which is continuously synthetized and released by blood vessels. It fulfills 2 main functions, namely strong inhibition of platelet aggregation and vasodilation. Thus it acts as an important defense mechanism of the vascular wall, which is directed against overwhelming platelet aggregation and against the development of atherosclerosis. Besides endogenous prostacyclin is an important antihypertensive factor. In several diseases, as diabetes mellitus, obliterative arteriopathy and haemolytic-uraemic syndrome, the reduced prostacyclin-synthesis is thought to be a key mechanism for the development of vascular lesions. On the other hand the haemorrhagic diathesis of uraemics is seen in connection with an increased vascular prostacyclin release. Synthetic prostacyclin is now under trial for therapy in peripheral obliterative arteriopathy and extracorporeal circulation, as haemodialysis and cardiopulmonary bypass.
Endocrine and metabolic consequences of intrauterine growth retardation.; Size at birth and early infancy growth rates have been linked to long-term risks for diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. These associations could be explained by permanent programming of metabolic responses and selective survival of those genetically predisposed to such adaptations. These epidemiologic associations may also affect long-term disease risk in short small-for-gestational age children, who are often treated with growth hormone. Study of the mechanisms and genetic factors involved in the association between small size at birth, rapid postnatal weight gain, and adult disease may promote the early identification of subjects with the highest disease risk and new opportunities to develop targeted early interventions.
Historical facts of screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy.; Diabetes is the most common metabolic disorder affecting pregnancy. Its prevalence seems to be growing in parallel with the epidemics of overweight and obesity. Recognizing and treating diabetes or any degree of glucose intolerance in pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, cesarean sections, a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Infants born to these mothers are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, and after delivery, these infants have a higher risk of developing hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress syndrome, polycythemia and subsequent obesity and type 2 diabetes. Despite several international workshops and a lot of research there is still no unique approach to diagnose and treat diabetes in pregnancy. Who, when and how to screen and diagnose diabetes in pregnancy has been debated in the literature for so many decades and this debate seems to be endless. We present the evolution that screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy has had over time. Besides many evidence of the benefits these procedures bring, health care providers still often prefer to use alternate criteria for this purpose. The myriad of maternal and fetal complications that could be avoided with an appropriate and simple screening procedure are ignored. Robust clinical trials such as the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HAPO) study have shown how harmful can even slightly altered blood glucose levels be, but it has been found a resistance in the adoption of the new criteria proposed after this and other trials by many diabetes organizations. These organizations state that these new criteria would increase the incidence of diabetes in pregnancy, would imply in longer term follow-up of these patients and would pose an economic problem; they also state that alerting too many people in order to benefit a relatively few potential diabetics would arise psychologic ill-effects. We think that health care providers should look for an uniformity in the screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy based on evidence based medicine and not on specialists consensus.
Abruptio placentae: risk factors and perinatal outcome.; OBJECTIVE: It is a case control study, conducted in order to determine the risk factors, and to find out the perinatal outcome of abruptio placentae in women delivered at the Princess Badeea Teaching Hospital in North Jordan. METHODS: We reviewed all cases of placental abruption delivered between 15th April 1994 till 26 November 1995 and to compare that with pregnancies and deliveries not complicated by abruptio placentae. RESULTS: During the study period there were 108 cases of abruptio placentae and 108 cases of the control group. The total number of women delivered were 18,256, so the incidence of abruptio placentae was 5.9 per 1000 births. When compared to the control group, abruptio placentae occurred more in parous women (para > or = 5) (p < 0.0005), more preterm deliveries (p < 0.0001) with more birth weight < 2,500 g (p < 0.0001). Preeclampsia and pregnancy induced hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, caesarean delivery, and intrauterine fetal death occurred more in patients with abruptio placentae. CONCLUSION: High parity, preeclampsia and hypertension are significant etiological determinants of abruptio placentae.
Defining vitamin D receptor expression in the brain using a novel VDR(Cre) mouse.; Vitamin D action has been linked to several diseases regulated by the brain including obesity, diabetes, autism, and Parkinson's. However, the location of the vitamin D receptor (VDR) in the brain is not clear due to conflicting reports. We found that two antibodies previously published as specific in peripheral tissues are not specific in the brain. We thus created a new knockin mouse with cre recombinase expression under the control of the endogenous VDR promoter (VDR(Cre) ). We demonstrated that the cre activity in the VDR(Cre) mouse brain (as reported by a cre-dependent tdTomato expression) is highly overlapping with endogenous VDR mRNAs. These VDR-expressing cells were enriched in multiple brain regions including the cortex, amygdala, caudate putamen, and hypothalamus among others. In the hypothalamus, VDR partially colocalized with vasopressin, oxytocin, estrogen receptor-α, and β-endorphin to various degrees. We further functionally validated our model by demonstrating that the endogenous VDR agonist 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D activated all tested tdTomato(+) neurons in the paraventricular hypothalamus but had no effect on neurons without tdTomato fluorescence. Thus, we have generated a new mouse tool that allows us to visualize VDR-expressing cells and to characterize their functions.
Understanding the Potential Role and Delivery Approaches of Nitric Oxide in Chronic Wound Healing Management.; Nitric oxide (NO) is a promising pharmaceutical component that has vasodilator, anti-bacterial, and wound healing activities. Chronic ulcers are non-healing disorders that are generally associated with distortion of lower limbs. Among the severe consequence derivatives of these diseases are the problems of chronic wound progression. NO, which is categorized as the smallest gaseous neurotransmitter, has beneficial effects in different phases of chronic inflammation. The defensive mechanism of NO is found useful in several severe conditions, such as gestational healing, gastrointestinal healing, and diabetic healing. The current review presents an updated collection of literature about the role of NO in chronic ulcers due to the prevalence of diabetes, DPN, and diabetic foot ulcers, and because of the lack of available effective treatments to directly address the pathology contributing to these conditions, novel treatments are being sought. This review also collects information about deficiency of NO synthase in diabetic patients, leading to a lack of vascularization of the peripheral nerves, which causes diabetic neuropathy, and this could be treated with vasodilators such as nitric oxide. Apart from the pharmacological mechanism of NO, the article also reviewed and analyzed to elucidate the potential of transdermal delivery of NO for the treatment of chronic ulcers.
The effects of maternal nutrition around the time of conception on the health of the offspring.; The incidence of prematurity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease have been increasing in both the developed and developing world. Increasing numbers of human studies suggest that these serious health outcomes may have developmental origins originating from nutritional deficits in the periconceptional period, with maternal nutrition around the time of conception now shown to have important effects on the length of gestation, trajectory of fetal growth and on postnatal growth and health. Biomedical research using the pregnant sheep has been widely employed to gain a deeper understanding of the underlying mechanisms involved. There is growing awareness that this field of research has major implications for the livestock production industry. From our own studies on sheep we have evidence that maternal undernutrition during the periconceptional period results in altered fetal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPAA) development, an increased rate of premature birth, altered fetal pancreatic function, insulin signalling and amino acid metabolism, and also alterations in maternal adaptation to pregnancy. We are currently studying the postnatal consequences of these changes. Other research groups have shown that restricted nutrition of sheep in the early part of pregnancy alters postnatal muscle development, fat deposition, cardiovascular regulation and HPAA function. One aim of this review is to illustrate how biomedical research using animals such as the sheep has been used to gain a better understanding of the consequences of reduced maternal nutrition during the periconceptional period. We suggest that there are equally important consequences of this research for the livestock production industries.
In utero exposure to maternal diabetes impairs vascular expression of prostacyclin receptor in rat offspring.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate modifications of arterial structure, gene expression, and function in our model of rats exposed to maternal diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: Morphometric analyses of elastic vessels structure and determination of thoracic aortic gene expression profile with oligonucleotide chips (Agilent, G4130, 22k) were performed before the onset of established hypertension (3 months). RESULTS: Arterial parameters of in situ fixed thoracic aorta were not significantly different between control mother offspring and diabetic mother offspring (DMO). The aortic gene expression profile of DMO is characterized by modifications of several members of the arachidonic acid metabolism including a twofold underexpression of prostacyclin receptor, which could contribute to decreased vasodilatation. This was confirmed by ex vivo experiments on isolated aortic rings. Pharmacological studies on conscious rats showed that systolic blood pressure decline in response to a PGI(2) analog was impaired in DMO rats. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest an abnormal vascular fetal programming of prostacyclin receptor in rats exposed in utero to maternal hyperglycemia that is associated with impaired vasodilatation and may be involved in the pathophysiology of hypertension in this model.
Influence of asthma in pregnancy on labor and the newborn.; Asthma in pregnancy has been associated with maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. This study examines the relations of asthma in pregnancy, its severity and its treatment to the labor process, maternal and fetal parameters. Hundred and one consecutive asthmatic women, who gave birth to single babies between November 1993 and November 1994 at the Soroka Medical Center were studied. A group of 77 nonasthmatic women, matched for age and ethnic origin, who gave birth to single babies during the same period served as controls. A larger percentage of asthmatic women suffered from respiratory and urinary tract infections than in the control group (p < 0.001). Severe asthma was associated with a higher rate of infections than milder asthma (p = 0.01). The incidence of smoking was higher among asthmatic women than among controls (p = 0.037). No association was found between socioeconomic status and smoking or infections. No association was found between maternal asthma or maternal use of corticosteroids and the following: maternal hypertension, maternal diabetes, low birth weight (< 2,500 g), preterm delivery (< 37 weeks), adequacy of weight to gestational age and Apgar scores. Three infants with congenital heart defects were born to asthmatic mothers. When the presentation of the fetus was not cephalic, all the asthmatic women were delivered by cesarean section, versus only 60% in the control group (p = 0.08). Labor was induced with oxytocin more often in the asthma group than in the control group (p = 0.07). We conclude that the labor and neonatal outcome in pregnant asthmatic women treated medically is good, even when asthma is severe and when the patient is treated with corticosteroids. There is, however, a relation between asthma in pregnancy, especially if severe, and predisposition to infections.
Endocrine disruptors and other inhibitors of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 1 and 2: Tissue-specific consequences of enzyme inhibition.; Numerous chemicals in the environment have the ability to interact with the endocrine system. These compounds are called endocrine disruptors (EDs). Exposure to EDs represents one of the hypotheses for decreasing fertility, the increased risk of numerous cancers and obesity, metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes. There are various mechanisms of ED action, one of which is their interference in the action of 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (11βHSD) that maintains a balance between active and inactive glucocorticoids on the intracellular level. This enzyme has two isoforms and is expressed in various tissues. Inhibition of 11βHSD in various tissues can have different consequences. In the case of EDs, the results of exposure are mainly adverse; on the other hand pharmaceutically developed inhibitors of 11βHSD type 1 are evaluated as an option for treating metabolic syndrome, as well as related diseases and depressive disorders. This review focuses on the effects of 11βHSD inhibitors in the testis, colon, adipose tissue, kidney, brain and placenta.
Effect of type 2 diabetes mellitus on the pharmacokinetics and transplacental transfer of nifedipine in hypertensive pregnant women.; AIMS: Diabetes mellitus can inhibit cytochrome P450 3A4, an enzyme responsible for the metabolism of nifedipine, used for the treatment of hypertension in pregnant women. We aimed to assess the effect of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on the pharmacokinetics, placental transfer and distribution of nifedipine in amniotic fluid in hypertensive pregnant women. METHODS: The study was conducted in 12 hypertensive pregnant women [control group (CG)] and 10 hypertensive pregnant women with T2DM taking slow-release nifedipine (20 mg, 12/12 h). On the 34th week of gestation, serial blood samples were collected (0-12 h) after administration of the medication. At delivery, samples of maternal and fetal blood and amniotic fluid were collected for determination of nifedipine distribution in these compartments. RESULTS: The median pharmacokinetic parameters of CG were: peak plasma concentration (C(max) ) 26.41 ng ml(-1) , time to reach C(max) (t(max) ) 1.79 h, area under the plasma concentration vs. time curve from 0-12 h (AUC(0-12) ) 235.99 ng.h ml(-1) , half-life (t½) 4.34 h, volume of distribution divided by bioavailability (Vd/F) 560.96 l, and Cl(T) /F 84.77 l h(-1) . The parameters for T2DM group were: C(max) 23.52 ng ml(-1) , t(max) 1.48 h, AUC(0-12) 202.23 ng.h ml(-1) , t½ 5.00 h, Vd/F 609.40 l, and apparent total clearance (Cl(T) /F) 98.94 l h(-1) . The ratios of plasma concentrations of nifedipine in the umbilical vein, intervillous space and amniotic fluid to those in the maternal vein for CG and T2DM were 0.53 and 0.44, 0.78 and 0.87, respectively, with an amniotic fluid/maternal plasma ratio of 0.05 for both groups. The ratios of plasma concentrations in the umbilical artery to those in the umbilical vein were 0.82 for CG and 0.88 for T2DM. CONCLUSIONS: There was no influence of T2DM on the pharmacokinetics or placental transfer of nifedipine in hypertensive women with controlled diabetes.
Progression of Diabetic Retinopathy and Predictors of Its Development and Progression During Pregnancy in Patients With Type 1 Diabetes: A Report of 499 Pregnancies.; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy has been associated with development and progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR), but incidence of DR remains unclear. We assessed DR progression rate and its predictors during pregnancies in patients with type 1 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We report the retrospective data from pregnancies in patients with type 1 diabetes followed in Lille, France (1997-2015). Eye examination was performed every 3 months or every month in case of severe nonproliferative retinopathy or progression. Progression was defined by DR degradation (≥1 stage of the Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study [ETDRS] classification); it included DR development and worsening in patients without and with prepregnancy DR, respectively. RESULTS: A total of 499 pregnancies in 375 patients were included; prepregnancy retinopathy was present in 30.3%. Progression, development, and worsening rates were 21.8%, 24.4% of those without retinopathy, and 15.9% of those with retinopathy, respectively. Development of sight-threatening retinopathy was rare. Progression mainly occurred in early or midpregnancy. Elevated prepregnancy HbA(1c) and duration of diabetes ≥10 years were predictors of DR progression. Among pregnancies with prepregnancy DR, continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) tended to decrease the risk of DR progression. Among CSII-treated patients, those with prepregnancy DR had a significantly decreased risk of DR progression. Among the 270 pregnancies of women with any DR during pregnancy who returned for a postpartum ophthalmologic examination, the rate of progression was only 4.1% and the rate of regression was 9.3%. CONCLUSIONS: This study provides epidemiologic data on progression of retinopathy during pregnancy and will be useful for future guidelines for retinopathy screening.
Is night-time light intensity associated with cardiovascular disease risk factors among adults in early-stage urbanisation in South India? A cross-sectional study of the Andhra Pradesh Children and Parents Study.; OBJECTIVES: To explore associations of night-time light intensity (NTLI), a novel proxy for continuous urbanisation levels, with mean systolic blood pressure (SBP), body mass index (BMI), fasting serum low-density lipoprotein (LDL) and fasting plasma glucose (FPG), among adults in early-stage urbanisation in Telangana, South India. DESIGN: Cross-sectional analysis of the third wave of the Andhra Pradesh Children and Parents Study cohort. SETTING: 28 villages representing a continuum of urbanisation levels, ranging from rural settlement to medium-sized town in Telangana, South India. PARTICIPANTS: Data were available from 6944 participants, 6236 of whom were eligible after excluding pregnant women, participants younger than 18 years of age and participants missing data for age. Participants were excluded if they did not provide fasting blood samples, had implausible or missing outcome values, were medicated for hypertension or diabetes or had triglyceride levels invalidating derived LDL. The analysis included 5924 participants for BMI, 5752 participants for SBP, 5287 participants for LDL and 5328 participants for FPG. RESULTS: Increasing NTLI was positively associated with mean BMI, SBP and LDL but not FPG. Adjusted mean differences across the range of village-level NTLI were 1.0 kg/m(2) (95% CI 0.01 to 1.9) for BMI; 4.2 mm Hg (95% CI 1.0 to 7.4) for SBP; 0.3 mmol/L (95% CI -0.01 to 0.7) for LDL; and -0.01 mmol/L (95% CI -0.4 to 0.4) for FPG. Associations of NTLI with BMI and SBP were stronger in older age groups. CONCLUSION: The association of NTLI with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors identify NTLI as a potentially important tool for exploring urbanisation-related health. Consistent associations of moderate increases in urbanisation levels with important CVD risk factors warrant prevention strategies to curb expected large public health impacts from continued and rapid urbanisation in India.
Fetal vascular malperfusion, an update.; Fetal vascular malperfusion is the most recent term applied to a group of placental lesions indicating reduced or absent perfusion of the villous parenchyma by the fetus. The most common etiology of malperfusion is umbilical cord obstruction leading to stasis, ischemia, and in some cases thrombosis. Other contributing factors may include maternal diabetes, fetal cardiac insufficiency or hyperviscosity, and inherited or acquired thrombophilias. Severe or high grade fetal vascular malperfusion is an important risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes including fetal growth restriction, fetal CNS injury, and stillbirth. Overall recurrence risk for subsequent pregnancies is low.
Hypertension in special populations.; This article discusses various aspects of hypertension in selected special populations. The groups discussed herein are children, pregnant women, African Americans, persons with kidney insufficiency, kidney transplant survivors, and persons with diabetes mellitus. These groups present unique epidemiological, diagnostic and therapeutic challenges for the practitioner. The detection of reduced kidney function merits special attention since it attenuates the blood pressure response to antihypertensive therapy, affects therapeutic decision-making, is both a cause and consequence of poorly controlled hypertension, often lurks undetected, and is excessively prevalent in some special populations.
Evaluating the evidence behind umbilical cord clamping practices in at-risk neonatal populations.; Umbilical cord clamping practices impact nearly 140 million births each year. Current evidence has led professional organizations to recommend delayed cord clamping (DCC), as opposed to early cord clamping (ECC), as the standard of care in uncomplicated term and preterm deliveries. However, variability remains in cord management practices for maternal-infant dyads at higher risk of complications. This review examines the current state of evidence on the outcomes of at-risk infant populations receiving differing umbilical cord management strategies. Review of contemporary literature demonstrates members of high-risk neonatal groups, including those affected by small for gestational age (SGA) classification, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), maternal diabetes, and Rh-isoimmunization, are frequently excluded from participation in clinical trials of cord clamping strategies. Furthermore, when these populations are included, outcomes are often underreported. Consequently, evidence regarding optimal umbilical cord management in at-risk groups is limited, and further research is needed to guide best clinical practice.
Adverse perinatal outcome and later kidney biopsy in the mother.; Strong associations of adverse perinatal outcomes have been identified with later cardiovascular disease in the mother. Few studies have addressed associations with kidney disease. This study investigated whether perinatal outcomes are associated with later clinical kidney disease as diagnosed by kidney biopsy. The Medical Birth Registry of Norway contains data on all childbirths in Norway since 1967. The Norwegian Kidney Biopsy Registry contains data on all kidney biopsies in Norway since 1988. All women with a first singleton delivery from 1967 to 1998 were included. Pregnancy-related predictors of later kidney biopsy were analyzed by Cox regression analyses. A total of 756,420 women were included, and after a mean period of 15.9+/-9.4 yr, 588 had a kidney biopsy. Compared with women without preeclampsia and with offspring with birth weight of >or=2.5 kg, women with no preeclampsia and with offspring with birth weight of 1.5 to 2.5 kg had a relative risk (RR) for a later kidney biopsy of 1.7, women with no preeclampsia and with offspring with birth weight of <1.5 kg had an RR of 2.9, women with preeclampsia and with offspring with a birth weight of >or=2.5 kg had an RR of 2.5, women with preeclampsia and with offspring with a birth weight of 1.5 to 2.5 kg had an RR of 4.5, and women with preeclampsia and with offspring with a birth weight of <1.5 kg had an RR of 17. Similar results were found in adjusted analyses and after exclusion of women with diabetes, kidney disease, or rheumatic disease before pregnancy. The same risk patterns applied to any of the specific categories of kidney disease as well as specific kidney diseases investigated. Women who have preeclampsia and give birth to offspring with low birth weight and short gestation have a substantially increased risk for having a later kidney biopsy.
Psychotropics in pregnancy: safety and other considerations.; INTRODUCTION: Perinatal psychiatric disorders are important because of their adverse effects on pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this review is investigate psychotropic drugs in the management of antenatal psychiatric disorders with emphasis on the risk of harmful effects. METHOD: A systematic review of published electronic literature between January 2000 and August 2011 was conducted using the following keywords: pregnancy, pregnancy complications, neonatal complications, congenital anomalies, infant/child development, antidepressants, antipsychotics, and lithium. The search was conducted for each class of psychotropic agents. Further hand searches were conducted. Anticonvulsants were excluded. RESULTS: Antidepressants are associated with increased risk of spontaneous abortions, stillbirths, preterm deliveries, respiratory distress, endocrine and metabolic disturbance. There is evidence of discontinuation syndrome and of increased risk of cardiac defects. Antipsychotics are associated with increased gestational weight and diabetes and with increased risk of preterm birth. The effects of antipsychotics on birth weight are inconclusive. In addition, the findings in relation to malformations are inconclusive. Lithium is associated with increased birth complications such as polyhydramnios, pre-eclampsia, respiratory distress syndrome, hypotonia, and preterm birth. Lithium has previously been associated with markedly increased risk of Ebstein's anomaly. However, recent re-evaluation of the data casts doubt on the previous estimates. There is evidence that lithium is associated with cardiac septal defects. CONCLUSION: Psychotropic drugs remain an important treatment option during pregnancy to properly manage symptoms of psychiatric diseases. Clinicians need to remain aware of the potential risk of adverse effects associated with psychotropic drug treatment.
Deaths: Leading Causes for 2013.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2013 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements "Deaths: Final Data for 2013," the National Center for Health Statistics’ annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2013. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD–10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULTS: In 2013, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Cerebrovascular diseases; Alzheimer’s disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). They accounted for 74% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2013 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Sudden infant death syndrome; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Inherited thrombophilia is significantly associated with severe preeclampsia.; Methods to prevent the development of pathologies due to placental dysfunctions, such as gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, are the main approaches for obtaining the best maternal and fetal antepartum and postpartum prognosis. During 5 years of study (January, 2015 to December, 2019), the cases of pregnancy and puerperium complicated with pathology due to placental dysfunction were analyzed. The main objective was to determine the magnitude of the impact of thrombophilia on the development of an entity of gestational hypertension disorder. We compared the impact of thrombophilia and its associated complications in patients with gestational hypertension with moderate and severe preeclampsia. Thus, we found obesity, thrombophilia, and underlying cardiac pathology to be significant risk factors for severe preeclampsia. Regarding the comparative analysis of the risk factors and complications associated with patients with mild preeclampsia compared with those with severe preeclampsia, the presence in severe preeclampsia of thrombophilia, endocrine, liver, and cardiac pathology was higher and, a higher rate of complications was observed; complications included fetal death, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), prematurity, fetal arrhythmia with acute fetal distress, HELLP syndrome, and placental abruption. Thrombophilia has a significant effect on the development of severe preeclampsia, and oligohydramnios as specific complication of mild preeclampsia. Factors indicating an increased risk of progression from mild preeclampsia to severe preeclampsia are in addition to inherited thrombophilia the underlying pathologies, namely cardiac, hepatic, and endocrine factors.
Are recurrent pregnancies a risk in Type 1 diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: To assess the significance of recurrent pregnancies for the progression of Type 1 diabetes as well as the glycemic level and the occurrence of pre-eclampsia in consecutive pregnancies of the same Type 1 diabetic women. METHODS: A retrospective population-based birth cohort from the years 1986-95, comprising data of all (n = 210) Type 1 diabetic mothers and their 296 births in a geographically defined catchment area. Of the 125 primiparous women, 46 had their first two pregnancies during the study period. The courses of their first and second pregnancies were compared to determine the level of glycemic control and the occurrence and recurrence of complications, such as pre-eclampsia and aggravated retinopathy. The characteristics of the 53 women who remained primiparous were evaluated. RESULTS: Retinopathy was aggravated more often during the first pregnancy (95% CI 0.1-1.0), but its incidence did not increase further by the beginning of the second pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia complicated 16.9% of all pregnancies: it was more common during the first than second pregnancy (95% CI 0.3-1.5) and its occurrence increased with the increasing severity of diabetes. Glycemic control was better in the second pregnancy, including both the periconceptional period (95% CI 0.7-2.8) and the later stages of pregnancy (95% CI 1.1-4.7). The women in the White classes F/R most often remained primiparous. CONCLUSIONS: Retinopathy was aggravated most often during the first pregnancy, but its infrequent occurrence in the second pregnancy reflects the reversible nature of these changes. The significance of the past pregnancy experience contributed to the increased tendency for optimal glycemic control in the second pregnancy.
Deaths: leading causes for 2003.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2003 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2003. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. RESULTS: In 2003, the 10 leading causes of death were (in rank order): Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Alzheimer's disease; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Septicemia and accounted for about 78 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the ranking are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2003 were (in rank order): Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Respiratory distress of newborn; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Neonatal hemorrhage; and Diseases of the circulatory system. Important variation in the leading causes of infant death is noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Neuroanatomical Framework of the Metabolic Control of Reproduction.; A minimum amount of energy is required for basic physiological processes, such as protein biosynthesis, thermoregulation, locomotion, cardiovascular function, and digestion. However, for reproductive function and survival of the species, extra energy stores are necessary. Production of sex hormones and gametes, pubertal development, pregnancy, lactation, and parental care all require energy reserves. Thus the physiological systems that control energy homeostasis and reproductive function coevolved in mammals to support both individual health and species subsistence. In this review, we aim to gather scientific knowledge produced by laboratories around the world on the role of the brain in integrating metabolism and reproduction. We describe essential neuronal networks, highlighting key nodes and potential downstream targets. Novel animal models and genetic tools have produced substantial advances, but critical gaps remain. In times of soaring worldwide obesity and metabolic dysfunction, understanding the mechanisms by which metabolic stress alters reproductive physiology has become crucial for human health.
Early-life exposure to residential black carbon and childhood cardiometabolic health.; BACKGROUND: Early life exposure to air pollution, such as particulate matter ≤2.5 μm (PM(2.5)), may be associated with obesity and adverse cardiometabolic health outcomes in childhood. However, the toxicity of PM(2.5) varies according to its chemical composition. Black carbon (BC) is a constituent of PM(2.5), but few studies have examined its impact on childhood cardiometabolic health. Therefore, we examined relationships between prenatal and early childhood exposure to BC and markers of adiposity and cardiometabolic health in early childhood. METHODS: This study included 578 mother-child pairs enrolled in the Healthy Start study (2009-2014) living in the Denver-metro area. Using a spatiotemporal prediction model, we assessed average residential black carbon levels during pregnancy and in the year prior to the early childhood follow-up visit at approximately 5 years old. We estimated associations between prenatal and early childhood BC and indicators of adiposity and cardiometabolic biomarkers in early childhood (mean 4.8 years; range, 4.0, 8.3), using linear regression. RESULTS: We found higher early childhood BC was associated with higher percent fat mass, fat mass index, insulin, and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and lower leptin and waist circumference at approximately 5 years old, after adjusting for covariates. For example, per interquartile range (IQR) increase in early childhood BC (IQR, 0.49 μg/m(3)) there was 3.32% higher fat mass (95% CI; 2.05, 4.49). Generally, we did not find consistent evidence of associations between prenatal BC and cardiometabolic health outcomes in early childhood, except for an inverse association between prenatal BC and adiponectin, an adipocyte-secreted hormone typically inversely associated with adiposity. CONCLUSIONS: Higher early childhood, but not in utero, ambient concentrations of black carbon, a component of air pollution, were associated with greater adiposity and altered insulin homeostasis at approximately 5 years old. Future studies should examine whether these changes persist later in life.
Endocrine Emergencies During Pregnancy: Diabetic Ketoacidosis and Thyroid Storm.; The physiologic changes and common signs and symptoms of pregnancy can make the early recognition of endocrine emergencies more challenging. Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) can occur at only modestly elevated glucose levels (euglycemic DKA), often accompanied by starvation ketosis due to substantial fetal-placental glucose demands and is associated with a high stillbirth rate. Thyroid storm is life threatening with a higher rate of heart failure and both require prompt and aggressive treatment to avoid maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Treatment of these disorders and the special considerations for recognition and management in the context of pregnancy are reviewed.
The Association Between High Birth Weight and Long-Term Outcomes-Implications for Assisted Reproductive Technologies: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis.; Background: Studies have shown that the prevalence of children born with high birth weight or large for gestational age (LGA) is increasing. This is true for spontaneous pregnancies; however, children born after frozen embryo transfer (FET) as part of assisted reproductive technology (ART) also have an elevated risk. In recent years, the practice of FET has increased rapidly and while the perinatal and obstetric risks are well-studied, less is known about the long-term health consequences. Objective: The aim of this systematic review was to describe the association between high birth weight and LGA on long-term child outcomes. Data Sources: PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science were searched up to January 2021. Exposure included high birth weight and LGA. Long-term outcome variables included malignancies, psychiatric disorders, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. Study Selection: Original studies published in English or Scandinavian languages were included. Studies with a control group were included while studies published as abstracts and case reports were excluded. Data Extraction: The methodological quality, in terms of risk of bias, was assessed by pairs of reviewers. Robins-I (www.methods.cochrane.org) was used for risk of bias assessment in original articles. For systematic reviews, AMSTAR (www.amstar.ca) was used. For certainty of evidence, we used the GRADE system. The systematic review followed PRISMA guidelines. When possible, meta-analyses were performed. Results: The search included 11,767 articles out of which 173 met the inclusion criteria and were included in the qualitative analysis, while 63 were included in quantitative synthesis (meta-analyses). High birth weight and/or LGA was associated with low to moderately elevated risks for certain malignancies in childhood, breast cancer, several psychiatric disorders, hypertension in childhood, and type 1 and 2 diabetes. Conclusions: Although the increased risks for adverse outcome in offspring associated with high birth weight and LGA represent serious health effects in childhood and in adulthood, the size of these effects seems moderate. The identified risk association should, however, be taken into account in decisions concerning fresh and frozen ART cycles and is of general importance in view of the increasing prevalence in high birthweight babies.
Association of maternal thyroid function during early pregnancy with offspring IQ and brain morphology in childhood: a population-based prospective cohort study.; BACKGROUND: Thyroid hormone is involved in the regulation of early brain development. Since the fetal thyroid gland is not fully functional until week 18-20 of pregnancy, neuronal migration and other crucial early stages of intrauterine brain development largely depend on the supply of maternal thyroid hormone. Current clinical practice mostly focuses on preventing the negative consequences of low thyroid hormone concentrations, but data from animal studies have shown that both low and high concentrations of thyroid hormone have negative effects on offspring brain development. We aimed to investigate the association of maternal thyroid function with child intelligence quotient (IQ) and brain morphology. METHODS: In this population-based prospective cohort study, embedded within the Generation R Study (Rotterdam, Netherlands), we investigated the association of maternal thyroid function with child IQ (assessed by non-verbal intelligence tests) and brain morphology (assessed on brain MRI scans). Eligible women were those living in the study area at their delivery date, which had to be between April 1, 2002, and Jan 1, 2006. For this study, women with available serum samples who presented in early pregnancy (<18 weeks) were included. Data for maternal thyroid-stimulating hormone, free thyroxine, thyroid peroxidase antibodies (at weeks 9-18 of pregnancy), and child IQ (assessed at a median of 6·0 years of age [95% range 5·6-7·9 years]) or brain MRI scans (done at a median of 8·0 years of age [6·2-10·0]) were obtained. Analyses were adjusted for potential confounders including concentrations of human chorionic gonadotropin and child thyroid-stimulating hormone and free thyroxine. FINDINGS: Data for child IQ were available for 3839 mother-child pairs, and MRI scans were available from 646 children. Maternal free thyroxine concentrations showed an inverted U-shaped association with child IQ (p=0·0044), child grey matter volume (p=0·0062), and cortex volume (p=0·0011). For both low and high maternal free thyroxine concentrations, this association corresponded to a 1·4-3·8 points reduction in mean child IQ. Maternal thyroid-stimulating hormone was not associated with child IQ or brain morphology. All associations remained similar after the exclusion of women with overt hypothyroidism and overt hyperthyroidism, and after adjustment for concentrations of human chorionic gonadotropin, child thyroid-stimulating hormone and free thyroxine or thyroid peroxidase antibodies (continuous or positivity). INTERPRETATION: Both low and high maternal free thyroxine concentrations during pregnancy were associated with lower child IQ and lower grey matter and cortex volume. The association between high maternal free thyroxine and low child IQ suggests that levothyroxine therapy during pregnancy, which is often initiated in women with subclinical hypothyroidism during pregnancy, might carry the potential risk of adverse child neurodevelopment outcomes when the aim of treatment is to achieve high-normal thyroid function test results. FUNDING: The Netherlands Organisation for Health Research and Development (ZonMw) and the European Community's Seventh Framework Programme.
Overexpression of human heme oxygenase-1 attenuates endothelial cell sloughing in experimental diabetes.; Heme oxygenase (HO)-1 represents a key defense mechanism against oxidative injury. Hyperglycemia produces oxidative stress and various perturbations of cell physiology. The effect of streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes on aortic HO activity, heme content, the number of circulating endothelial cells, and urinary 8-epi-isoprostane PGF2alpha (8-Epi) levels in control rats and rats overexpressing or underexpressing HO-1 was measured. HO activity was decreased in hyperglycemic rats. Hyperglycemia increased urinary 8-Epi, and this increase was augmented in rats underexpressing HO-1 and diminished in rats overexpressing HO-1. The number of detached endothelial cells and O2- formation increased in diabetic rats and in hyperglycemic animals underexpressing HO-1 and decreased in diabetic animals overexpressing HO-1 compared with controls. These data demonstrate that HO-1 gene transfer in hyperglycemic rats brings about a reduction in O2- production and a decrease in endothelial cell sloughing. Upregulation of HO-1 decreases oxidant production and endothelial cell damage and shedding and may attenuate vascular complications in diabetes.
HUVECs from newborns with a strong family history of diabetes show diminished ROS synthesis in the presence of high glucose concentrations.; BACKGROUND: A family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) increases the probability to develop DM and endothelial dysfunction. The probable mechanism involves augmented reactive oxygen species (ROS) synthesis. The aim of this study was to evaluate the synthesis of ROS in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) obtained from healthy newborns with (experimental) and without (control) a strong family history of type 2 DM, exposed to different glucose concentrations. METHODS: HUVECs were exposed to various glucose concentrations for 24 and 48 h periods, before cell proliferation, mitochondrial activity, and mitochondrial membrane potential were determined. Intracellular ROS synthesis in the presence or absence of the mitochondrial uncoupler CCCP, cytochalasin B, or diphenyleneiodonium (DPI) was also evaluated. RESULTS: As opposed to control HUVECs, we found that experimental HUVECs exposed to 30 mmol/L glucose showed a 50% decrease in cell proliferation, a 90% reduction in mitochondrial activity, and a statistically significant inhibition of ROS synthesis in the presence of CCCP or cytochalasin B; DPI had no effect. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that mitochondria and NAD(P)H-oxidase from HUVECs obtained from healthy newborns with a family history of DM have an innate deficient response to high glucose concentrations.
Evidence-based core information for health communication of tobacco control: The effect of smoking on risks of female disease.; OBJECTIVE: Cigarettes have become the the biggest killer of contemporary female's health and beauty. What kind of health information is suitable for the general public is an important issue to be discussed globally. The purpose of this study is to generate systematic, rigorous, public-demand-oriented and appropriate core information relevant to tobacco control based on the best available evidence, combined with audience preferences and pre-dissemination content review from multidisciplinary expertise in order to improve the effectiveness of health communication of tobacco control. METHODS: Relevant systematic reviews meta-analysis that reported smoking on risks of female disease were identified by searching PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Clinical Trials.gov, and the International Clinical Trial Registry Platform. The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) process was applied to assess the evidence in order to make rigorous core information. The audience prevalence survey was conducted to ensure that core information was targeted and tailored. Finally, the expert assessment was used for a pre-dissemination content review and to evaluate whether the core information was appropriate or not. RESULTS: The final core information consisted of eight parts concerning the effects of smoking and female cardiovascular disease, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, respiratory disease, digestive system disease, mental disease, non-pregnant female reproductive system disease, as well as pregnant women and their fetuses. A total of 35 items of core information suitable for dissemination was included and the quality of evidence, the degree of public demand and the outcome of pre-dissemination content review were reported. CONCLUSION: The core information related to female cardiovascular system diseases, as well as liver cancer and upper gastrointestinal cancer is the preferred content for health communication of tobacco control. The quality of evidence for core information related to pregnant women and their infants, as well as diseases of reproductive system, respiratory system, and diabetes needs to be improved to meet high public demand. The core information related to mental disease is more suitable for dissemination to patients with mental illness than to the general public. Besides, dissemination of core information should be individualized. Evidence-based Core Information for Health Communication of Tobacco Control would be helpful to provide evidence support for health communication related to tobacco control and enhance public health literacy for international communities that have high smoking prevalence and related disease burden.
Risk factors for congenital heart defects in two populations residing in the same geographic area: a long-term population-based study, Southern Israel.; BACKGROUND: Congenital Heart Defects (CHD) are the most common structural defects of newborns. Southern Israel's population is comprised of Jews (75%) and Arab-Bedouins (25%). The latter has a high rate of consanguinity and low abortion rate compared with the Jewish population, which led us to suspect a higher CHD prevalence in this population. Our aim was to compare maternal risk factors that are associated with CHD in these populations. METHODS: All births during 1991-2011 in Soroka University Medical Center (n = 247, 289) with 6078 newborns having CHD were included. To account for same-woman deliveries, general estimating equation models adjusted for ethnicity, gender and birth number were used. RESULTS: The total prevalence of CHD was 24.6/1000 live births, with 21.4 and 30 among Jewish and Bedouin populations, respectively, (p = 0.001). Multi-variant analysis of risk factors for CHD revealed that risk factors common to both populations included conception with fertility medications, sibling CHD, maternal CHD, diabetes mellitus, hypertension and anaemia. Risk factors that were specific for the Bedouin population were - maternal age over 35 years, recurrent pregnancy loss and in vitro fertilisation. However, sibling CHD was more common as a CHD risk factor in the Jewish compared with the Bedouin population (Adjusted OR 10.23 versus 3.19, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of CHD is higher in both the Bedouin and Jewish populations than previously reported. Several maternal factors were associated with CHD specifically for a certain population. Risk factors for CHD vary in populations residing in the same geographic area.
Pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) neuron translatome signatures underlying obesogenic gestational malprogramming in mice.; OBJECTIVE: Maternal unbalanced nutritional habits during embryonic development and perinatal stages perturb hypothalamic neuronal programming of the offspring, thus increasing obesity-associated diabetes risk. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms remain largely unknown. In this study we sought to determine the translatomic signatures associated with pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC) neuron malprogramming in maternal obesogenic conditions. METHODS: We used the RiboTag mouse model to specifically profile the translatome of POMC neurons during neonatal (P0) and perinatal (P21) life and its neuroanatomical, functional, and physiological consequences. RESULTS: Maternal high-fat diet (HFD) exposure did not interfere with offspring's hypothalamic POMC neuron specification, but significantly impaired their spatial distribution and axonal extension to target areas. Importantly, we established POMC neuron-specific translatome signatures accounting for aberrant neuronal development and axonal growth. These anatomical and molecular alterations caused metabolic dysfunction in early life and adulthood. CONCLUSIONS: Our study provides fundamental insights on the molecular mechanisms underlying POMC neuron malprogramming in obesogenic contexts.
Clinical, Sociodemographic, and Neighborhood Characteristics Associated with Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes.; Background: Cardiovascular risk is increased by a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Efforts to understand and prevent these adverse outcomes may improve both fetal and birthing persons' outcomes in the peripartum period, and over the patient's lifetime. This study aims to assess the association of clinical, sociodemographic, and economic neighbor-hood factors with preterm birth (PTB) and APOs (the composite of stillbirth, small for gestation age, and low birthweight). Materials and Methods: This is a cross-sectional study using the electronic medical records of deliveries from seven Northwell Health hospitals between January 1, 2018 and July 31, 2020. There were 62,787 deliveries reviewed in this study. Deliveries that were not the first for the patient during the study period and multiple gestational pregnancies were excluded. Patients with incomplete data on outcome were also excluded. Main outcomes were PTB and composite APOs. Measures included history of PTB, hypertension, diabetes, body mass index, race/ethnicity, age, preferred language, marital status, parity, health insurance, and median income, percent unemployment, and mean household size by zip code. Results: Of the 62,787 deliveries, 43.3% were from white, Non-Hispanic, and Non-Latino patients. There were 4,552 (7.2%) PTBs and 8,634 (13.8%) APOs. Patients enrolled in public insurance had higher odds of PTB (odds ratio [OR] 1.15, 95% CI 1.06-1.24) and APOs (OR 1.19, 95% CI 1.12-1.25). There was a statistically significant association of both PTB (p = 0.037) and APOs (p = 0.005) when comparing patients that live in a zip code with a median income over 100k to those with an income <100k. In addition, living in a zip code within the second quintile of unemployment was associated with lower odds of APOs (OR 0.92, 95% CI 0.84-0.99). Conclusions: Numerous sociodemographic and clinical factors are associated with both PTB and APOs. Tailored programs addressing these disparities may improve outcomes in pregnant persons.
Self-reported periodontal health and incident hypertension: longitudinal evidence from the NutriNet-Santé e-cohort.; OBJECTIVE: An association between periodontitis and arterial hypertension has been suggested recently. This study aimed at investigating the hypothesis that periodontal health is linked to incident arterial hypertension. METHODS: We analyzed data from the French population-based e-cohort NutriNet-Santé, selecting participants who had completed two oral health questionnaires in 2011-2012. Pregnant women, participants with diabetes, cancer, arterial hypertension and cardiovascular diseases at inclusion were excluded. Incident cases of arterial hypertension were self-reported and/or based on the use of antihypertensive therapy. Periodontal health was evaluated by estimating the modified and validated PEriodontal Screening Score (mPESS), with mPESS at least 5 corresponding to a high probability of severe periodontitis. Descriptive statistics and Cox proportional hazards regression models, taking into account sociodemographic and lifestyle confounders, were used. RESULTS: The study population consisted of 32 285 participants (mean age: 45.79 ± 13.87 years); 78.5% were women. Two thousand one hundred and sixteen incident cases of arterial hypertension were identified during a median follow-up of 8 years (April 2012--December 2019). In the fully adjusted model, an mPESS at least 5 [hazard ratio: 1.84; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.66-2.03] and the presence of nonreplaced missing teeth (hazard ratio: 1.13; 95% CI: 1.03-1.23) were significantly associated with a greater risk of incident arterial hypertension, whereas a regular annual visit to the dentist was associated with a lower risk (hazard ratio: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.80-0.97). CONCLUSION: Self-reported assessed periodontitis was associated with incident arterial hypertension over an 8-year period. The present results highlight the importance of considering periodontal health when assessing an individual's risk of arterial hypertension. TRIAL REGISTRATION: # NCT03335644.
Effect of family integrated care on physical growth and language development of premature infants: a retrospective study.; BACKGROUND: Premature birth (PTB) increases the long-term risk of diseases such as hypertension, heart disease, and diabetes in adulthood. It is an independent disease with the largest global burden in terms of high mortality and lifelong negative health impacts. The purpose of this study was to analyze the physical growth and language development of premature infants (PIs) at the age of 18 months, and to explore the impact of family integrated care (FIcare) on PI. METHODS: This study retrospectively included mothers and their PIs born in the Neonatal Pediatrics Department, Affiliated Hospital of Nantong University from January 2018 to September 2020 and hospitalized in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) within 24 hours after birth. The weight, head circumference, body length, and language development of each child were followed up at the age of 1, 3, 6, 12, and 18 months and recorded, and the relationship between FIcare and physical growth and language development of PIs was evaluated. RESULTS: The development quotient (DQ) score and language development score of the FIcare group were always higher than those of the control group from 6 to 18 months, and the difference was statistically significant (P<0.05). Multiple regression analysis showed that the body length of the FIcare group participants was longer than that of control group participants. The head circumference of infants was positively correlated with gestational age, birth head circumference, and family average monthly income. The head circumference of FIcare group participants was longer than that of control group participants. The DQ score was positively correlated with gestational age, and the FIcare group participants scored higher than control group participants. Logistic regression analysis showed that early language milestone (ELM) scale score and gestational age were positively correlated with mother's education, and the score of FIcare group participants was higher than that of control group participants (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with the traditional nursing model, the implementation of FIcare for the hospitalized PIs in the NICU can actively promote the physical growth and language development of infants.
Periodontal-systemic disease education in U.S. and Canadian dental schools.; Research has proliferated in recent years regarding the relationship of oral disease to systemic conditions. Specifically, periodontal disease has been studied as a potential risk factor for multiple conditions such as cardiovascular disease (CVD) and adverse pregnancy outcomes, while other research focuses on exposures or behaviors associated with oral disease. However, few articles have been published reporting how this information is integrated into schools of dentistry, both in the classroom and clinical curriculum. For our study, a thirty-three-item survey and cover letter were electronically mailed to academic deans at sixty-five accredited dental schools in the United States and Canada in the fall of 2007. The response rate was 77 percent. According to the responses to this survey, the primary topics covered in the didactic curriculum regarding periodontal oral-systemic disease are aging, CVD, diabetes, and tobacco use. Eighty-eight percent of the respondents reported that their students are knowledgeable about the role of inflammation and its impact on oral-systemic conditions. Forty-eight percent of the respondents said they provide formal training for their students in how to discuss or communicate aspects of periodontal oral-systemic disease with patients. Only seven schools reported teaching didactic content to dental students intermixed with other health professions students, and only two schools reported conducting joint projects. Only 9 percent of the respondents said they think nurses and physicians are knowledgeable about oral-systemic disease. The findings indicate that dental schools are confident about the knowledge of their students regarding oral-systemic content. However, much work is needed to educate dental students to work in a collaborative fashion with other health care providers to co-manage patients at risk for oral-systemic conditions.
The association between maternal obesity, glucose intolerance and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in nondiabetic pregnant women.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study is to evaluate whether pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) among nondiabetic patients is associated with glucose intolerance. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective case-control study was designed including a study group who had pregnancy-induced hypertension or preeclampsia. Patients with normal pregnancy were used as a control group matched to cases by parity. Diabetic patients, nonsingleton pregnancies, and women without prenatal care were excluded. Data concerning fasting glucose levels, glucose challenge test (GCT), and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were collected from patients' files. RESULTS: There were 131 patients in each study group. The study group had significantly higher mean maternal age, mean GCT levels, and mean pregestational body mass index (BMI) (28.0 +/- 5.8 vs. 26.5 +/- 5.3, p = 0.02; 5.8 +/- 1.4 vs. 5.1 +/- 1.1 p = 0.0018; 26 +/- 5.1 vs. 23 +/- 4.0 p < 0.001, respectively) than the control group. Mean gestational age and birthweight were also significantly lower in the study group (38.5 +/- 2.1 vs. 39.4 +/- 1.7 p < 0.001; 2929 g +/- 614.7 vs. 3225 +/- 461.1 p < 0.001, respectively). Stratified analysis according to parity demonstrated that pregestational BMI, weight gain during pregnancy, and cesarean section (CS) were significantly higher in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension than in controls in all parity groups. Maternal age and mean GCT levels of women with pregnancy-induced hypertension were higher in all parity groups but statistically significant only among multiparous patients. Multiple logistic regression demonstrated that BMI, weight gain, and maternal age were independently associated with pregnancy-induced hypertension, while GCT level was not. Conclusions. Elevated pregestational BMI is an independent risk factor for development of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH). Its association with elevated GCT levels implies that even without overt diabetes, glucose intolerance may play a role in the pathogenesis of preeclampsia in obese patients.
When does prone sleeping improve cardiorespiratory status in preterm infants in the NICU?; STUDY OBJECTIVES: Preterm infants undergoing intensive care are often placed prone to improve respiratory function. Current clinical guidelines recommend preterm infants are slept supine from 32 weeks' postmenstrual age, regardless of gestational age at birth. However, respiratory function is also related to gestational and chronological ages and is affected by sleep state. We aimed to identify the optimal timing for adopting the supine sleeping position in preterm infants, using a longitudinal design assessing the effects of sleep position and state on cardiorespiratory stability. METHODS: Twenty-three extremely (24-28 weeks' gestation) and 33 very preterm (29-34 weeks' gestation) infants were studied weekly from birth until discharge, in both prone and supine positions, in quiet and active sleep determined by behavioral scoring. Bradycardia (heart rate ≤100 bpm), desaturation (oxygen saturation ≤80%), and apnea (pause in respiratory rate ≥10 s) episodes were analyzed. RESULTS: Prone positioning in extremely preterm infants reduced the frequency of bradycardias and desaturations and duration of desaturations. In very preterm infants, prone positioning only reduced the frequency of desaturations. The position-related effects were not related to postmenstrual age. Quiet sleep in both preterm groups was associated with fewer bradycardias and desaturations, and also reduced durations of bradycardia and desaturations in the very preterm group. CONCLUSIONS: Cardiorespiratory stability is improved by the prone sleep position, predominantly in extremely preterm infants, and the improvements are not dependent on postmenstrual age. In very preterm infants, quiet sleep has a more marked effect than the prone position. This evidence should be considered in individualizing management of preterm infant positioning.
Insulin-Like Growth Factor-1 Receptor Is Differentially Distributed in Developing Cerebellar Cortex of Rats Born to Diabetic Mothers.; Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) has an important role in development of the central nervous system (CNS). Maternal diabetes is associated with a higher risk of developmental abnormalities in their offspring including motor dysfunction and learning deficits. The present study aimed to investigate the effects of maternal diabetes on the distribution pattern of IGF-1 receptor (IGF-1R) in the developing rat cerebellar cortex. Wistar female rats were maintained diabetic from a week before pregnancy through parturition, and male offspring was killed at P0, P7, and P14. In spite of P0, there was a significant increase in the total cerebellar volume in the pups born to diabetic mothers. In diabetic group, the IGF-1R+ granular cell densities in internal granular (IGL) and molecular (ML) layers were increased at P0. Moreover, the number of positive granular and Purkinje cells in the IGL of diabetic neonates' cerebellum was reduced in comparison with the control group at P7 and P14. There were no differences either in volume or in the number of IGF-1R+ cells in the layers of the cerebellar cortex between the insulin-treated diabetic group and controls. Our data indicate that diabetes in pregnancy strikingly influence the localization of IGF-1R in the developing cerebellar cortex.
Novel glycoproteins identify preclinical atherosclerosis among women with previous preeclampsia regardless of type 1 diabetes status.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Information regarding inflammation and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in type 1 diabetes (T1D) or preeclampsia (PE) is scarce. We assessed differences in inflammation markers according to the presence of both conditions and their association with atherosclerosis. METHODS AND RESULTS: We recruited 112 women without CVD and last pregnancy ≥5 years previously (n = 28 per group): a)T1D and PE; b)T1D without PE; c)PE without T1D; and d)Controls (without T1D or PE). Groups were matched by several CVD risk factors, and diabetes duration and retinopathy in T1D. Carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) and plaque presence (IMT ≥1.5 mm) were assessed by ultrasonography. Inflammatory markers included classical variables (leucocytes and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hsCRP]) and glycoproteins by nuclear magnetic resonance ((1)H-NMR) spectroscopy (GlycA, GlycB, GlycF and the height/width [H/W] ratios of GlycA and GlycB). The age of the participants was 44.9 ± 7.8 years, and 20.5% harbored plaque. There were no differences in inflammatory markers among the four study groups. Overall, in multivariate-adjusted models, all (1)H-NMR-glycoproteins (except GlycB) were positively associated with IMT measures (IMT of bulb and maximum-IMT of any carotid segment; p < 0.05). After dividing the sample according to PE status, previous findings remained largely unchanged. Furthermore, GlycF was independently associated with carotid plaque only in PE group (OR 5.08 [1.03-25.01] per 0.1 log-increments, p = 0.046). Neither leucocytes nor hsCRP were related to atherosclerosis. Regarding T1D status, non-uniform results were observed. CONCLUSIONS: High (1)H-NMR-glycoprotein concentrations have a negative impact on carotid atherosclerosis among women with preeclampsia, regardless of T1D status.
Prenatal Glucocorticoid Exposure Modifies Endocrine Function and Behaviour for 3 Generations Following Maternal and Paternal Transmission.; Fetal exposure to high levels of glucocorticoids programs long-term changes in the physiologic stress response and behaviours. However, it is not known whether effects manifest in subsequent generations of offspring following maternal (MT) or paternal (PT) transmission. We treated pregnant guinea pigs with three courses of saline or synthetic glucocorticoid (sGC) at a clinically relevant dose. Altered cortisol response to stress and behaviours transmitted to juvenile female and male F(2) and F(3) offspring from both parental lines. Behavioural effects of sGC in F(1)-F(3) PT females associated with altered expression of genes in the prefrontal cortex and hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus (PVN). Exposure to sGC programmed large transgenerational changes in PVN gene expression, including type II diabetes, thermoregulation, and collagen formation gene networks. We demonstrate transgenerational programming to F(3) following antenatal sGC. Transmission is sex- and generation-dependent, occurring through both parental lines. Paternal transmission to F(3) females strongly implicates epigenetic mechanisms of transmission.
Low-molecular-weight protein tyrosine phosphatase and human disease: in search of biochemical mechanisms.; A major challenge in the post-genomic era is to identify the physiological functions of genes and elucidate the molecular basis for human disease. Genetic polymorphisms offer a convenient avenue for these efforts by providing evidence for the involvement of a given gene in human pathophysiology. Here we review the current evidence linking the low-molecular-weight protein tyrosine phosphatase (LMPTP) to several common diseases, including allergy, asthma, obesity, myocardial hypertrophy, and Alzheimer's disease. Based on the known effects of the genetic polymorphisms on the alternative mRNA splicing and enzyme levels of LMPTP, we discuss the possible molecular mechanisms of LMPTP involvement in these diseases.
Maternal exercise preserves offspring cardiovascular health via oxidative regulation of the ryanodine receptor.; OBJECTIVE: The intrauterine environment during pregnancy is a critical factor in the development of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in offspring. Maternal exercise prevents the detrimental effects of a maternal high fat diet on the metabolic health in adult offspring, but the effects of maternal exercise on offspring cardiovascular health have not been thoroughly investigated. METHODS: To determine the effects of maternal exercise on offspring cardiovascular health, female mice were fed a chow (C; 21% kcal from fat) or high-fat (H; 60% kcal from fat) diet and further subdivided into sedentary (CS, HS) or wheel exercised (CW, HW) prior to pregnancy and throughout gestation. Offspring were maintained in a sedentary state and chow-fed throughout 52 weeks of age and subjected to serial echocardiography and cardiomyocyte isolation for functional and mechanistic studies. RESULTS: High-fat fed sedentary dams (HS) produced female offspring with reduced ejection fraction (EF) compared to offspring from chow-fed dams (CS), but EF was preserved in offspring from high-fat fed exercised dams (HW) throughout 52 weeks of age. Cardiomyocytes from HW female offspring had increased kinetics, calcium cycling, and respiration compared to CS and HS offspring. HS offspring had increased oxidation of the RyR2 in cardiomyocytes coupled with increased baseline sarcomere length, resulting in RyR2 overactivity, which was negated in female HW offspring. CONCLUSIONS: These data suggest a role for maternal exercise to protect against the detrimental effects of a maternal high-fat diet on female offspring cardiac health. Maternal exercise improved female offspring cardiomyocyte contraction, calcium cycling, respiration, RyR2 oxidation, and RyR2 activity. These data present an important, translatable role for maternal exercise to preserve cardiac health of female offspring and provide insight on mechanisms to prevent the transmission of cardiovascular diseases to subsequent generations.
Impairment of IKCa channels contributes to uteroplacental endothelial dysfunction in rat diabetic pregnancy.; Diabetes in rat pregnancy is associated with impaired vasodilation of the maternal uteroplacental vasculature. In the present study, we explored the role of endothelial cell (EC) Ca(2+)-activated K(+) channels of small conductance (SKCa channels) and intermediate conductance (IKCa channels) in diabetes-induced uterine vascular dysfunction. Diabetes was induced by injection of streptozotocin to second-day pregnant rats and confirmed by the development of maternal hyperglycemia. Control rats were injected with citrate buffer. Changes in smooth muscle cell intracellular Ca(2+) concentration, membrane potential, and vasodilation induced by SKCa/IKCa channel activators were studied in uteroplacental arteries of control and diabetic rats. The impact of diabetes on SKCa- and IKCa-mediated currents was explored in freshly dissociated ECs. NS309 evoked a potent vasodilation that was effectively inhibited by TRAM-34 but not by apamin. NS309-induced smooth muscle cell intracellular Ca(2+) concentration, membrane potential, and dilator responses were significantly diminished by diabetes; N-cyclohexyl-N-2-(3,5-dimethyl-pyrazol-1-yl)-6-methyl-4-pyrimidinamine (CyPPA)-evoked responses were not affected. Ca(2+)-activated ion currents in ECs were insensitive to paxilline, markedly inhibited by charybdotoxin (ChTX), and diminished by apamin. NS309-induced EC currents were generated mostly due to activation of ChTX-sensitive channels. Maternal diabetes resulted in a significant reduction in ChTX-sensitive currents with no effect on apamin-sensitive or CyPPA-induced currents. We concluded that IKCa channels play a prevalent role over SKCa channels in the generation of endothelial K(+) currents and vasodilation of uteroplacental arteries. Impaired function of IKCa channels importantly contributes to diabetes-induced uterine endothelial dysfunction. Therapeutic restoration of IKCa channel function may be a novel strategy for improvement of maternal uteroplacental blood flow in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
Peri-implantitis with a potential axis to brain inflammation: an inferential review.; Peri-implantitis (PI) is a chronic, inflammatory, and infectious disease which affects dental implants and has certain similarities to periodontitis (PD). Evidence has shown that PD may be related to several types of systemic disorders, such as diabetes and insulin resistance, cardiovascular diseases, respiratory tract infections, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and neurological disorders. Furthermore, some types of bacteria in PD can also be found in PI, leading to certain similarities in the immunoinflammatory responses in the host. This review aims to discuss the possible connection between PI and neuroinflammation, using information based on studies about periodontal disorders, a topic whose connection with systemic alterations has been gaining the interest of the scientific community. Literature concerning PI, PD, and systemic disorders, such as neuroinflammation, brain inflammation, and neurological disorder, was searched in the PubMed database using different keyword combinations. All studies found were included in this narrative review. No filters were used. Eligible studies were analyzed and reviewed carefully. This study found similarities between PI and PD development, maintenance, and in the bacterial agents located around the teeth (periodontitis) or dental implants (peri-implantitis). Through the cardiovascular system, these pathologies may also affect blood-brain barrier permeability. Furthermore, scientific evidence has suggested that microorganisms from PI (as in PD) can be recognized by trigeminal fiber endings and start inflammatory responses into the trigeminal ganglion. In addition, bacteria can traverse from the mouth to the brain through the lymphatic system. Consequently, the immune system increases inflammatory mediators in the brain, affecting the homeostasis of the nervous tissue and vice-versa. Based on the interrelation of microbiological, inflammatory, and immunological findings between PD and PI, it is possible to infer that immunoinflammatory changes observed in PD can imply systemic changes in PI. This, as discussed, could lead to the development or intensification of neuroinflammatory changes, contributing to neurodegenerative diseases.
Inhibition of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase, the foeto-placental barrier to maternal glucocorticoids, permanently programs amygdala GR mRNA expression and anxiety-like behaviour in the offspring.; Glucocorticoids may underlie the association between prenatal stress, low birth weight and adult stress-associated disorders, e.g. hypertension and type 2 diabetes, increased hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) activity and affective dysfunction. Normally, 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11beta-HSD2) rapidly inactivates glucocorticoids in placenta and many foetal tissues, thus acting as a 'barrier' to maternal steroids. We investigated the effect of inhibiting foeto-placental 11beta-HSD in rats, using carbenoxolone (CBX), on subsequent HPA activity and regulation and stress-induced behaviour in adult offspring. Pregnant Wistar rats were injected with CBX (12.5 mg s.c.) or vehicle daily throughout pregnancy. CBX treatment reduced birth weight. Adult offspring of CBX-treated dams had persistently reduced body weight, increased basal corticosterone (CORT) levels, increased corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) and reduced glucocorticoid receptor (GR) mRNA in the hypothalamic paraventricular nucleus, though hippocampal GR and mineralocorticoid receptor (MR) mRNA expression were unaltered. In addition, these animals showed less grooming and rearing in an open field and reduced immobility in a forced swim test, and had increased GR mRNA expression in the basolateral (BLA), central (CEA) and medial (MEA) nuclei of the amygdala, with unaltered MR mRNA. These data suggest that disturbance of the foeto-placental enzymatic barrier to maternal glucocorticoids reduces birth and body weight, and produces permanent alterations of the HPA axis and anxiety-like behaviour in aversive situations. The behavioural and HPA effects may reflect GR gene programming in amygdala and hypothalamus, respectively. Foetal overexposure to endogenous glucocorticoids (prenatal stress or reduced activity of foeto-placental 11beta-HSD) may represent a common link between the prenatal environment, foetal growth and adult neuroendocrine and affective disorders.
Breech presentation is associated with lower bone mass and area: findings from the Southampton Women's Survey.; We compared bone outcomes in children with breech and cephalic presentation at delivery. Neonatal whole-body bone mineral content (BMC) and area were lower in children with breech presentation. At 4 years, no differences in whole-body or spine measures were found, but hip BMC and area were lower after breech presentation. INTRODUCTION: Breech presentation is associated with altered joint shape and hip dysplasias, but effects on bone mineral content (BMC), area (BA) and density (BMD) are unknown. METHODS: In the prospective Southampton Women's Survey mother-offspring cohort, whole-body bone outcomes were measured using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) in 1430 offspring, as neonates (mean age 6 days, n = 965, 39 with a breech presentation at birth) and/or at age 4.1 years (n = 999, 39 breech). Hip and spine bone outcomes were also measured at age 4 years. RESULTS: Neonates with breech presentation had 4.2 g lower whole-body BMC (95% CI -7.4 to - 0.9 g, P = 0.012) and 5.9 cm(2) lower BA (- 10.8 to - 1.0 cm(2), P = 0.019), but BMD was similar between groups (mean difference - 0.007, - 0.016 to 0.002 g/cm(2), P = 0.146) adjusting for sex, maternal smoking, gestational diabetes, mode of delivery, social class, parity, ethnicity, age at scan, birthweight, gestational age and crown-heel length. There were no associations between breech presentation and whole-body outcomes at age 4 years, but, in similarly adjusted models, regional DXA (not available in infants) showed that breech presentation was associated with lower hip BMC (- 0.51, - 0.98 to - 0.04 g, P = 0.034) and BA (- 0.67, - 1.28 to - 0.07 cm(2), P = 0.03) but not with BMD (- 0.009, - 0.029 to 0.012 g, P = 0.408), or spine outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that breech presentation is associated with lower neonatal whole-body BMC and BA, which may relate to altered prenatal loading in babies occupying a breech position; these differences did not persist into later childhood. Modest differences in 4-year hip BMC and BA require further investigation.
Neurosteroid involvement in threatened preterm labour.; INTRODUCTION: The neurosteroid allopregnanolone modulates oxytocin expression in the brain, and its effects arise from its action on the GABA(A) receptor. Whether neurosteroid levels and the function of the GABA(A) receptor are involved in the risk of preterm labour in pregnant women is unknown. METHODS: Pregnant women with (n = 16) or without (n = 20) threatened preterm labour (TPL) in gestational week 33 + 6 days to 37 + 0 days were studied prospectively with procedures including foetal heart rate monitoring, vaginal examination, ultrasound examination and blood tests to determine allopregnanolone, progesterone and oxytocin levels. The GABA(A) receptor function in both groups was measured with a saccadic eye velocity test (SEVT). RESULTS: Plasma oxytocin levels were higher in the TPL group than in the control group (41.5 vs. 37.0 pmol/L, respectively, p = .021). Although the allopregnanolone and progesterone levels in both groups did not differ, there was a negative association between blood oxytocin and allopregnanolone (as predictor) levels in the TPL group (B: -3.2, 95% confidence interval (CI): -5.5 to -0.9, p = .012). As a predictor of TPL, progesterone was associated with cervix maturity (odds ratio: 1.02, 95% CI: 1.00-1.04, p = .038). SEVT showed that the women in both groups had similar GABA(A) receptor functions. In both groups, body mass index correlated with peak saccadic eye velocity (r = .34, p = .044) and negatively with allopregnanolone (r = -.41, p = .013). CONCLUSIONS: Neurosteroid levels were unchanged in the peripheral blood of women with TPL, despite the increase in available oxytocin. Although the function of the GABA(A) receptor was unchanged in women with TPL, to ensure reliable results, saccadic eye velocity should be investigated during a challenge test with a GABA(A) receptor agonist.
Dietary supplementation with n-3 fatty acids from weaning limits brain biochemistry and behavioural changes elicited by prenatal exposure to maternal inflammation in the mouse model.; Prenatal exposure to maternal immune activation (MIA) increases the risk of schizophrenia and autism in the offspring. The MIA rodent model provides a valuable tool to directly test the postnatal consequences of exposure to an early inflammatory insult; and examine novel preventative strategies. Here we tested the hypotheses that behavioural differences in the MIA mouse model are accompanied by in vivo and ex vivo alterations in brain biochemistry; and that these can be prevented by a post-weaning diet enriched with n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA). The viral analogue PolyI:C (POL) or saline (SAL) was administered to pregnant mice on gestation day 9. Half the resulting male offspring (POL=21; SAL=17) were weaned onto a conventional lab diet (n-6 PUFA); half were weaned onto n-3 PUFA-enriched diet. In vivo magnetic resonance spectroscopy measures were acquired prior to behavioural tests; glutamic acid decarboxylase 67 (GAD67) and tyrosine hydroxylase protein levels were measured ex vivo. The main findings were: (i) Adult MIA-exposed mice fed a standard diet had greater N-acetylaspartate/creatine (Cr) and lower myo-inositol/Cr levels in the cingulate cortex in vivo. (ii) The extent of these metabolite differences was correlated with impairment in prepulse inhibition. (iii) MIA-exposed mice on the control diet also had higher levels of anxiety and altered levels of GAD67 ex vivo. (iv) An n-3 PUFA diet prevented all the in vivo and ex vivo effects of MIA observed. Thus, n-3 PUFA dietary enrichment from early life may offer a relatively safe and non-toxic approach to limit the otherwise persistent behavioural and biochemical consequences of prenatal exposure to inflammation. This result may have translational importance.
Assessing the impact of gestational age of donors on the efficacy of amniotic epithelial cell-derived extracellular vesicles in experimental bronchopulmonary dysplasia.; BACKGROUND AND RATIONALE: Extracellular vesicles (EVs) are a potential cell-free regenerative medicine. Human amniotic epithelial cells (hAECs) are a viable source of cell therapy for diseases like bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD). However, little is known about the impact of gestational age of the donor on the quality of hAEC-derived EVs. AIMS: To determine the impact of gestational age on hAEC-derived EVs in experimental BPD. RESULTS: Term hAEC-derived EVs displayed a significantly higher density of surface epitopes (CD142 and CD133) and induced greater macrophage phagocytosis compared to preterm hAEC-EVs. However, T cell proliferation was more significantly suppressed by preterm hAEC-EVs. Using a model of experimental BPD, we observed that term but not preterm hAEC-EVs improved tissue-to-airspace ratio and septal crest density. While both term and preterm hAEC-EVs reduced the levels of inflammatory cytokines on postnatal day 7, the improvement in lung injury was associated with increased type II alveolar cells which was only observed in term hAEC-EV treatment group. Furthermore, only neonatal term hAEC-EVs reduced airway hyper-responsiveness, mitigated pulmonary hypertension and protected against right ventricular hypertrophy at 6 weeks of age. CONCLUSION: Term hAEC-EVs, but not preterm hAEC-EVs, have therapeutic efficacy in a mouse model of BPD-like lung injury. Therefore, the impact of donor criteria should be considered when applying perinatal cells-derived EV therapy for clinical use.
Risk factors associated with COVID-19 mortality in Mexico.; BACKGROUND: On December 31, 2019, one of the most serious pandemics in recent times made its appearance. Certain health conditions, such as obesity and diabetes mellitus, have been described to be related to COVID-19 unfavorable outcomes. OBJECTIVE: To identify factors associated with mortality in patients with COVID-19. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective cohort of 998,639 patients. Patient sociodemographic and clinical characteristics were analyzed, with survivors being compared with the deceased individuals. Cox proportional hazards model was used to identify variables predictive of COVID-19-associated mortality. RESULTS: Among the deceased patients, men accounted for 64.3%, and women, for 35.7%, with the difference being statistically significant. Subjects older than 80 years had a 13-fold higher risk of dying from COVID-19 (95% CI = 12,469, 13,586), while chronic kidney disease entailed a risk 1.5 times higher (95% CI = 1,341, 1,798), and diabetes mellitus involved a risk 1.25 times higher (95% CI = 1.238,1.276). CONCLUSIONS: Age, sex, diabetes mellitus and obesity were found to be predictors of COVID-19 mortality. Further research related to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, cardiovascular diseases, smoking and pregnancy is suggested.
The Impact of Total Deceleration Area and Fetal Growth on Neonatal Acidemia in Vacuum Extraction Deliveries.; We aimed to investigate the correlation between total deceleration area (TDA), neonatal birthweight and neonatal acidemia in vacuum extractions (VEs). This is a retrospective study in a tertiary hospital, including VE performed due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR). Electronic fetal monitoring during the 120 min preceding delivery was interpreted by two obstetricians who were blinded to neonatal outcomes. TDA was calculated as the sum of the area under the curve for each deceleration. Neonatal birthweights were classified as low (<2500 g), normal (2500-3999 g) or macrosomic (>4000 g). A total of 85 VEs were analyzed. Multivariable linear regression, adjusted for gestational age, nulliparity and diabetes mellitus, revealed a negative correlation between TDA in the 60 min preceding delivery and umbilical cord pH. For every 10 K increase in TDA, the cord pH decreased by 0.02 (p = 0.038; 95%CI, -0.05-0.00). The use of the Ventouse-Mityvac cup was associated with a 0.08 decrease in cord pH as compared to the Kiwi OmniCup (95%CI, -0.16-0.00; p = 0.049). Low birthweights, compared to normal birthweights, were not associated with a change in cord pH. To conclude, a significant correlation was found between TDA during the 60 min preceding delivery and cord pH in VE performed due to NRFHR.
Health maintenance in women.; The health maintenance examination is an opportunity to focus on disease prevention and health promotion. The patient history should include screening for tobacco use, alcohol misuse, intimate partner violence, and depression. Premenopausal women should receive preconception counseling and contraception as needed, and all women planning or capable of pregnancy should take 400 to 800 mcg of folic acid per day. High-risk sexually active women should be counseled on reducing the risk of sexually transmitted infections, and screened for chlamydia, gonorrhea, and syphilis. All women should be screened for human immunodeficiency virus. Adults should be screened for obesity and elevated blood pressure. Women 20 years and older should be screened for dyslipidemia if they are at increased risk of coronary heart disease. Those with sustained blood pressure greater than 135/80 mm Hg should be screened for type 2 diabetes mellitus. Women 55 to 79 years of age should take 75 mg of aspirin per day when the benefits of stroke reduction outweigh the increased risk of gastrointestinal hemorrhage. Women should begin cervical cancer screening by Papanicolaou test at 21 years of age, and if results have been normal, screening may be discontinued at 65 years of age or after total hysterectomy. Breast cancer screening with mammography may be considered in women 40 to 49 years of age based on patients' values, and potential benefits and harms. Mammography is recommended biennially in women 50 to 74 years of age. Women should be screened for colorectal cancer from 50 to 75 years of age. Osteoporosis screening is recommended in women 65 years and older, and in younger women with a similar risk of fracture. Adults should be immunized at recommended intervals according to guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
A new variant in the GATA6 gene associated with tracheoesophageal fistula, pulmonary vein stenosis and neonatal diabetes.; INTRODUCTION: GATA6 is a gene that encodes a transcription factor with a key role in the development of several organ systems, including the development of the pancreas. It is associated with neonatal diabetes but also with other extra-pancreatic anomalies. CASE PRESENTATION: This report describes the association of tracheoesophageal fistula (TEF), pulmonary vein stenosis (PVS), and neonatal diabetes caused by a novel mutation of the GATA6 gene in a small-for-gestational-age male neonate born at 32 weeks of gestation. Next-Generation Sequencing revealed the novel heterozygous variant c.1502C>G in the GATA6 gene, which determines the introduction of the premature stop codon p.Ser501Ter at the protein level. This de novo nonsense variant was not detected in the analyzed parental DNA samples and has not been previously described in the literature. At about two months of life, a PVS was suspected. The PVS progressively increased with the development of an intramural component, resulting in severe postcapillary pulmonary hypertension. The child died at about 4 months of life. CONCLUSION: TEF can be associated with GATA6 variants. In the case of neonatal diabetes and TEF, neonatologists should be aware of this association and should also investigate the child for complex congenital heart disorders, such as in our case, with a cardiac computed tomography.
Pre-eclampsia but not pregnancy-induced hypertension is a risk factor for diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetic women.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Our aim was to study whether pre-eclampsia and pregnancy-induced hypertension are predictors of diabetic nephropathy in type 1 diabetic women. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A total of 203 type 1 diabetic women, who were pregnant between 1988 and 1996 and followed at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in Helsinki, were re-assessed after an average of 11 years within the nationwide, multi-centre Finnish Diabetic Nephropathy Study. Diabetic nephropathy was defined as microalbuminuria, macroalbuminuria or end-stage renal disease. RESULTS: Patients with prior pre-eclampsia had diabetic nephropathy more often than patients with a normotensive pregnancy (diabetic nephropathy vs normal albumin excretion rate: 41.9% vs 8.9%; p<0.001), whereas patients with a history of pregnancy-induced hypertension did not (10.3% vs 8.9%; p=0.81). CHD was more prevalent in patients with a history of pre-eclampsia than in patients with a normotensive pregnancy (12.2% vs. 2.2%; p=0.03). Pre-eclampsia (odds ratio [OR] 7.7, 95% CI 1.6-36.1; p=0.01) and HbA(1c) (OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1-3.8; p<0.05) were associated with incident diabetic nephropathy even when adjusted for follow-up time, BMI, smoking, diabetes duration and age. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These data suggest that a history of pre-eclamptic pregnancy but not pregnancy-induced hypertension is associated with an elevated risk of diabetic nephropathy.
Strength of evidence linking oral conditions and systemic disease.; Associations between dental diseases and systemic outcomes are potentially important because of the high occurrence of dental diseases. If this extremely common source of chronic infection (dental disease) leads to an increased morbidity and mortality rate, the public health impact of oral disease on millions of Americans would be substantial. Recent studies demonstrate an association between dental and systemic diseases, including systemic infections, cardiovascular disease, pregnancy outcomes, respiratory diseases, and increased all-cause mortality rate. Because there are several common risk factors for oral and systemic diseases, and limitations in published studies, a careful interpretation is needed. Confounding (shared risk factors for both systemic and dental disease) may explain part of the reported associations. It is also plausible that there may be a causal link. It is likely that if there is a causal link, several pathways and mediators coexist, linking oral and systemic disease. Bacteremia, bacterial endotoxins, cytokines, and other inflammatory mediators could conceivably be playing a direct or indirect role. Missing teeth are a surrogate marker for previous dental infection, and may also lead to altered dietary intake. Hence, diet may be an additional mediator for several of these outcomes. We caution clinicians not to recommend extracting infected teeth, based on the periodontal-systemic disease associations, if the teeth do not warrant extraction otherwise, because loss of teeth and edentulousness are associated with increased risk of systemic diseases. When assessed against causal-defined criteria, the evidence suggests possible causal associations between chronic periodontal disease and tooth loss with cardiovascular disease, bacterial endocarditis, pregnancy outcomes, and all-cause overall mortality. Further studies are needed to show consistency, to corroborate that the associations are independent of common risk factors for both systemic and dental disease, including healthy lifestyle factors, and to evaluate different biological pathways.
Global Estimates of Diabetic Retinopathy Prevalence and Progression in Pregnant Women With Preexisting Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Diabetic retinopathy (DR) may be worsened by pregnancy in pregnant women with preexisting type 1 diabetes (T1D) or type 2 diabetes (T2D). Conflicting findings from previous studies have resulted in inconsistencies in guidelines regarding DR management in pregnancy. Global estimates of DR prevalence and progression in pregnancy are therefore required to provide clearer information about the overall true burden of DR in this population. OBJECTIVE: To estimate the prevalence of DR and its progression rate in pregnant women with preexisting T1D or T2D diagnosed before pregnancy. DATA SOURCES: For this systematic review and meta-analysis, conducted from November 27, 2018, to June 29, 2021, a systematic literature search was conducted in MEDLINE/Ovid, Embase/Ovid, and Scopus databases to identify English-language articles that were published from inception through October 2020. STUDY SELECTION: Observational studies that reported on DR and its changes in pregnant women with preexisting T1D and T2D. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Two independent reviewers extracted relevant data from each included study. Data were pooled using a random-effects model with the Freeman-Tukey double arcsine transformation. This study followed the Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) reporting guidelines. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Prevalence of any DR, proliferative DR (PDR), and DR progression rates. RESULTS: A total of 18 observational studies involving 1464 pregnant women with T1D and 262 pregnant women with T2D were included in the analysis. The pooled prevalence of any DR and PDR in early pregnancy was 52.3 (95% CI, 41.9-62.6) and 6.1 (95% CI, 3.1-9.8) per 100 pregnancies, respectively. The pooled progression rate per 100 pregnancies for new DR development was 15.0 (95% CI, 9.9-20.8), worsened nonproliferative DR was 31.0 (95% CI, 23.2-39.2), progression from nonproliferative DR to PDR was 6.3 (95% CI, 3.3-10.0), and worsened PDR was 37.0 (95% CI, 21.2-54.0). DR progression rates per 100 pregnancies were similar between the T1D and T2D groups, except for the development of new DR (T1D groups: 15.8; 95% CI, 10.5-21.9; T2D groups: 9.0; 95% CI, 4.9-14.8). A global trend toward a lower DR progression rate was observed after the 1989 St Vincent Declaration. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Results of this systematic review and meta-analysis suggest that women with T1D and T2D had a similar risk of DR progression during pregnancy. Despite improvements in the management of diabetes and diabetes during pregnancy, DR prevalence and progression in pregnant women with diabetes remains higher than the nonpregnant population with diabetes, highlighting the need to improve DR management in pregnancy.
Identification of retinal insulin receptors using site-specific antibodies to a carboxyl-terminal peptide of the human insulin receptor alpha-subunit. Up-regulation of neuronal insulin receptors in diabetes.; Insulin receptor-specific polyclonal antipeptide serum was generated against a synthetic pentadecapeptide (residues 657-670) of the deduced amino acid sequence of human insulin proreceptor cDNA for use in the analysis of insulin receptors in the retina. The affinity-purified antibodies recognized peptide antigen but not keyhole limpet hemocyanin as determined by dot blot analysis and solid phase radioimmunoassay. Addition of either synthetic peptide or the affinity-purified serum had no effect on 125I-insulin binding to placental membranes or to cells in culture. alpha-Subunits of approximately 125 kDa from human placental membranes and liver membranes were labeled by immunoblot analysis with this antiserum. In membranes isolated from human retina and brain, two classes of alpha-subunits of approximately 125 and 115 kDa were detectable. The 115-kDa subunit was neuraminidase resistant whereas the 125-kDa subunit was digested to a band of 115 kDa, indicating that these bands represent peripheral and neuronal receptors, respectively. Analysis of human retinas obtained from type I diabetic donors revealed an increased level of neuronal receptor as compared with normal retinas. These data indicate that human retina expresses neuronal insulin receptor subtypes that are up-regulated in diabetes.
Pheochromocytoma in a pregnant woman with a history of intracerebral aneurysms.; Pheochromocytoma in pregnancy is rare; if unrecognized, potentially fatal hypertensive crises may occur. We report a case of a 35-year-old woman with a history of two intracerebral aneurysms who presented at 26 weeks' gestation with tachycardia, hypertension, and pulmonary edema. Laboratory data revealed elevated 24-hour urinary catecholamine and metanephrine levels, and abdominal sonography showed a 10-cm right adrenal mass. After stabilization with phenoxybenzamine and metoprolol, cesarean section was successfully performed at 36 weeks' gestation. Postpartum abdominal computed tomography scanning confirmed a 10-cm right adrenal mass. A benign pheochromocytoma was removed without incident. This case illustrates the importance of early diagnosis and management of pheochromocytoma in pregnancy and is also an example of the rare association of pheochromocytoma with intracerebral aneurysms.
Ethnic differences in diabetes care in a multiethnic community in New Zealand.; Residents of two districts of South Auckland, New Zealand with a high proportion of Maori and Pacific Islands people were visited door to door to ascertain the prevalence of known diabetes and its tissue damage. The household survey canvassed 55,518 residents in 12,770 (91%) of 14,002 residences. Diabetes interviews were available for 176,214 (82%) Europeans, 286,336 (85%) Maori and 495,585 (85%) Pacific Islands diabetic patients. Europeans were older than Maori and Pacific Islands patients currently and at diagnosis. When compared with Europeans, Maori and Pacific Islands patients had a higher chance of having had their diabetes diagnosed in pregnancy, were least likely to be receiving antihypertensive or insulin therapy, were more likely to be blind, and were more likely to have received retinal photocoagulation. There were no ethnic differences in either the proportion of those receiving no ongoing care or in the proportion seen at least once by the diabetes services. Maori people were most likely to be current smokers, were most likely to have defaulted from the diabetic diet and to be dissatisfied with the diabetes service. Pacific Islands people were least likely to have neuropathic symptoms in their feet or to report a known myocardial infarction. Significant ethnic differences in diabetes and its care exist in South Auckland.
A nutrigenetic approach for investigating the relationship between vitamin B12 status and metabolic traits in Indonesian women.; PURPOSE: Adverse effects of maternal vitamin B12 deficiency have been linked to major clinical outcomes, including increased body mass index and gestational diabetes, however, less is known about vitamin B12 nutrition in non-pregnant women. Hence, the aim of the present study was to explore the relationships between metabolic traits and vitamin B12 status in a cohort of healthy Indonesian women and to investigate whether these relationships were modified by dietary intake using a genetic approach. METHODS: A total of 117 Minangkabau women (aged 25-60 years), from the city of Padang, West Sumatra underwent anthropometric, biochemical, dietary intake analysis and genetic tests. Genetic risk scores (GRS) based on nine vitamin B12 associated single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) (B12-GRS) and nine metabolic SNPs (metabolic-GRS) were constructed. RESULTS: The B12-GRS and metabolic-GRS had no effect on vitamin B12 (P > 0.160) and metabolic traits (P > 0.085). However, an interaction was observed between the B12-GRS and dietary fibre intake (g) on glycated haemoglobin (HbA1C) levels (P (interaction) = 0.042), where among those who consumed a low fibre diet (4.90 ± 1.00 g/day), individuals carrying ≥9 risk alleles for vitamin B12 deficiency had significantly higher HbA1C levels (P = 0.025) compared to those carrying ≤8 risk alleles. CONCLUSION: Our study showed a significant impact of the B12-GRS on HbA1C concentrations through the influence of a dietary factor, however, our study failed to provide evidence for an impact of metabolic-GRS on lowering B12 concentrations. Further replication studies utilizing larger sample sizes are needed to confirm our findings.
EARLY PROGNOSIS OF HYPOGALACTIA IN BREASTFEEDING MOTHERS: NEW OPPORTUNITIES FOR PRIMARY PREVENTION.; An increase in the hypogalactia frequency diagnosis in breastfeeding mothers is one of the world-spread medical and social problems and is especially high in women with risk factors of lactation disorders. Early estimation of risk factors creates opportunities for physicians to diagnose the lactation problem that mothers face and solve it. Aim - to identify and calculate prognostic criteria for determining the risk of hypogalactia in breastfeeding mothers and strategies to help women overcome them. Twenty-two factors that cause the most significant impact on the development of hypogalactia were selected, and their frequency was determined in 208 mothers with hypogalactia (group 1) and 388 mothers with normal lactation (group 2). The sequential Wald analysis, which compares the frequencies of distribution of traits in the study groups and determines their informativeness by calculating prognostic coefficients (PK) for different risk factors and estimating the individual risk of hypogalactia was used. The elder age of the breastfeeding mother (36-40 years and elder) and its lower educational level promoted hypogalactia. Low security of the mother was associated with hypogalactia (PC -1,4). It was also found that mothers engaged in heavy physical labor suffer from hypogalactia more often than employees. Mothers' return to work, have been reported as factors that influence breastfeeding. Occupational hazards (noise, dyes, vibration, lead soldering, dust factors) and bad habits caused hypogalactia (PC -5,4). Prenatal breastfeeding education has been shown to prevent hypogalactia. A burdensome obstetric history (PC -3,9), habitual miscarriage (PC-1,4), and female genital diseases worsen the prognosis of lactation. Extragenital pathology was characterized by negative PC of hypogalactia, especially rheumatic fever, compensated heart defect (PC -3,2), chronic cardiovascular insufficiency (PC -11,4), congenital heart disease (PC -11,4), obesity (PC -4,8), diabetes mellitus (PC -5,8). The time of the first application to the breast affected the mothers' milk production. The mathematical model of the individual prognosis of lactation in mothers contributes to the early detection of hypogalactia and the corresponding correction.
The Impact of Pregnancy and Parity on Type 1 Diabetes Complications.; BACKGROUND: The potential influence of pregnancy and parity on the risk of chronic diabetic complications is a matter of great concern and constant discussion. This aspect seems relevant and should be the subject of thorough discussion with the woman planning childbirth. INTRODUCTION: Current data concerning the impact of pregnancy and parity covers primarily retinopathy and nephropathy, while the aspects of neuropathy and macrovascular complications are unsatisfactorily documented. Majority of studies focus on single complication only, while the number of papers assessing this problem in a complex setting is limited. The available body of evidence concerns mainly the short-term impact of pregnancy on diabetic chronic complications while the data concerning the longer perspective are scarce. Moreover, the results found in the available literature are conflicting. The aim of the study was to summarize all available data concerning the longer impact of parity on the chronic complications in the women with type 1 diabetes. METHODS: PubMed database has been searched between October 2013 and September 2018 and all relevant papers were selected. This review summarizes data on the impact of pregnancy and parity on chronic complications in type 1 diabetic women. RESULTS: Current data assessing this matter in a complex way are limited, and the available results are controversial. It seems however that pregnancy itself may rather influence pre-existing diabetic complication than affect risk of its development. Additionally, evidence suggests that any deleterious changes appearing during pregnancy are transient and tend to remit after delivery. CONCLUSION: It seems that neither pregnancy nor parity affects the risk of diabetic chronic complications in the longer perspective.
A case of trisomy 9.; The first patient with trisomy 9, an infant who survived 28 days, is reported. Clinical findings included microcephaly, low-set malformed ears, small palpebral fissures, enophthalmos, bulbous nose, micrognathia, low hairline, congenital heart disease, skeletal abnormalities, small penis, hypoplastic scrotum, and a Dandy-Walker like deformity of the fourth ventricle.
A derangement of the maternal lipid profile is associated with an elevated risk of congenital heart disease in the offspring.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Maternal hyperglycaemia and hyperhomocysteinaemia are risk factors for congenital heart disease (CHD). These metabolic derangements and deranged lipid levels are associated with adult cardiovascular disease. We examined whether maternal lipid levels are associated with the risk of CHD offspring. METHODS AND RESULTS: From 2003 onwards, a case-control study was conducted. Participants were mothers of children with (n = 261) and without (n = 325) CHD. At around 16 months after the index-pregnancy, maternal lipid levels were determined. Maternal characteristics and lipid levels were compared by Student's t-test. In a multivariable logistic regression model, risk estimates were calculated for associations between CHD and lipid levels. Adjustments were made for maternal age, diabetes, ethnicity, body mass index (BMI), parity, periconception folic acid use and total homocysteine levels. Outcome measures are presented in (geometric) means (p5-p95) and odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Case mothers showed higher cholesterol (4.9 vs. 4.7 mmol l(-1), P < 0.05), low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol (3.2 vs. 3.0 mmol l(-1), P < 0.05), apolipoprotein B (84.0 vs. 80.0 mg dl(-1), P < 0.01) and homocysteine (10.8 vs. 10.2 μmol l(-1), P < 0.05) than controls. LDL-cholesterol above 3.3 mmol l(-1) (OR 1.6 (95%CI, 1.1-2.3)) and apolipoprotein B above 85.0 mg dl(-1) were associated with an almost twofold increased CHD risk (OR 1.8 (95%CI, 1.2-2.6)). This was supported by elevated CHD risks per unit standard deviation increase in cholesterol (OR 1.2 (95% CI 1.03-1.5)), LDL-cholesterol (OR 1.3 (95%CI, 1.1-1.6) and apolipoprotein B (OR 1.3 (95% CI 1.1-1.6)). Apolipoprotein B was most strongly associated with CHD risk. CONCLUSION: A mildly deranged maternal lipid profile is associated with an increased risk of CHD offspring.
Oral contraceptives, smoking, and other factors in relation to risk of venous thromboembolic disease.; Analysis of data from the Walnut Creek Contraceptive Drug Study showed a significant increase in risk of venous thromboembolic disease in the absence of surgery, trauma, malignancy, pregnancy, and the puerperium for women with a previous history of thromboembolism, hypertension, diabetes, varicose veins, gallbladder disease, and cigarette smoking. Education, marital status, parity, use of noncontraceptive estrogens, and obesity were not associated with an increase in risk of the disease. When only cases of the disease in the absence of all known predisposing causes (idiopathic cases) were analyzed, both oral contraceptive use and smoking remained as independent risk factors; there was no evidence of a positive interaction between them.
Equilibrative nucleoside transporter 1 expression is downregulated by hypoxia in human umbilical vein endothelium.; Reduced oxygen level (hypoxia) induces endothelial dysfunction and release of the endogenous nucleoside adenosine. Human umbilical vein endothelium (HUVEC) function in an environment with 3% to 5% O2 and exhibit efficient adenosine membrane transport via human equilibrative nucleoside transporters 1 (hENT1). We studied whether adenosine transport and hENT1 expression are altered by hypoxia in HUVEC. Hypoxia (0 to 24 hours, 2% and 1% O2) reduced maximal hENT1-adenosine transport velocity (V(max)) and maximal nitrobenzylthionosine (NBMPR, a high-affinity hENT1 protein ligand) binding, but increased extracellular adenosine concentration. Hypoxia also reduced hENT1 protein and mRNA levels, effects unaltered by N(omega)-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester (l-NAME, nitric oxide synthase [NOS] inhibitor) or PD-98059 (inhibitor of mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 and 2 [MEK1/2]). Hypoxia reduced endothelial NOS (eNOS) activity and eNOS phosphorylation at Ser(1177), but increased eNOS protein level. Hypoxia increased (1 to 3 hours), but reduced (24 hours) p42/44(mapk) phosphorylation. Thus, hypoxia-increased extracellular adenosine may result from reduced hENT1-adenosine transport in HUVEC. Hypoxia effect seems not to involve NO, but p42/44(mapk) may be required for the relatively rapid effect (1 to 3 hours) of hypoxia. These results could be important in diseases where the fetus is exposed to intrauterine environments poor in oxygen, such as intrauterine growth restriction, or where adenosine transport is altered, such as gestational diabetes.
Management of obesity in pregnancy.; Maternal pregravid obesity is a significant risk factor for adverse outcomes during pregnancy. In early pregnancy there is an increased risk of spontaneous abortion and congenital anomalies. In later gestation maternal metabolic manifestations of the metabolic syndrome, such as gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes, become clinically recognized because of the increased insulin resistance in obese compared with nonobese women. In women with pregestational glucose intolerance, hypertension, central obesity, and lipid disorders, the physiologic changes in pregnancy increase the risk of problems previously not routinely encountered during pregnancy. These include chronic cardiac dysfunction, proteinuria, sleep apnea, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. At parturition the obese patient is at an increased risk of cesarean delivery and associated complications of anesthesia, wound disruption, infection, and deep venous thrombophlebitis. For the fetus there are short-term risks of fetal macrosomia, more specifically obesity, and long-term risks of adolescent components of the metabolic syndrome. Although preliminary results of bariatric surgery are encouraging, the procedure is expensive and not for all obese women, and we recognize that long-term follow-up data on offspring of obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery before pregnancy are lacking. In the interim, we need to encourage obese women to lose weight before conception, using lifestyle changes if possible. During pregnancy, weight gain should be limited to Institute of Medicine guidelines (currently under review) and encouragement given for physical activity.
Peripheral artery disease in type II diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: To determine the frequency of peripheral arterial disease (PAD) in type 2 diabetic patients. STUDY DESIGN: Cross-sectional observational study. PLACE AND DURATION OF STUDY: Diabetes Clinic, Medical Unit III, Jinnah Postgraduate Medical Centre, Karachi, from January to June 2010. METHODOLOGY: Three hundred and eighty seven (387) type II diabetic patients of either gender and any age were included in the study. Patients with a previous history of trauma to the arterial vasculature, pregnancy and those who underwent arterial graft procedures were excluded. Non-purposive convenient sampling technique was used to enroll patients in the study. PAD was diagnosed when ankle-brachial index (ABI) was less than 0.9. A p-value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Out of 387 studied patients, 128 were males (33.1%) and 259 were females (66.9%). Mean age was 52.22 ± 9.671 (22 - 76) years in the entire cohort. Mean duration of diabetes was 9.38 ± 6.39 years. PAD was detected in 152 (39.28%) of the total study subjects. Thirty-one of 128 male patients (24.22%) had PAD disease while 121 out of 259 female patients (46.71%) had evidence of PAD (p = 0.001). Hypertension was a significantly associated factor (p = 0.002). CONCLUSION: A high frequency of PAD was observed in the diabetic population particularly with hypertension and more prevalent in females.
Maternal care of the whole litter improves the success rate of diabetes in pregnancy in rats.; Induction of diabetes mellitus by streptozotocin (STZ) in rats at birth is of high mortality and low success rate when male puppies are separated from females, prioritizing females breastfeeding. Cross-parental care of the entire litter and SZT-induced diabetes up to 12 h post-birth become with high success rate, low animal death, and females with glycaemia >140 mg/dL on the 90 postnatal day. Cross-parental care is more effective in STZ-induction of diabetes, which is maintained during pregnancy (diabetes in pregnancy), than the conventional protocol of male separation at birth.
Dental hygienists' knowledge and opinions of oral-systemic connections: implications for education.; Although associations between periodontal and systemic health have been well established, there is little evidence regarding dental hygienists' knowledge of the oral-systemic connection. The purpose of this study was to determine the knowledge levels of North Carolina dental hygienists regarding oral-systemic connections and their attitudes and confidence about incorporating this knowledge into clinical practice. A survey was developed, pilot tested, revised, and mailed to 1,665 licensed dental hygienists in North Carolina. After three mailings, the response rate was 62 percent, with 52 percent (N=859) meeting the inclusion criteria. The majority (>80 percent) of the respondents correctly identified risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD), but were less knowledgeable about risk factors for osteoporosis and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Most knew that there is strong evidence linking periodontal disease with CVD (77 percent) and diabetes (70 percent). The majority felt that dental hygienists should be trained to identify risk factors for oral-systemic disease (94 percent) and to actively manage patients with systemic disease (78 percent). Eighty-eight percent felt that dental and medical professionals should be taught to practice collaboratively. These dental hygienists had a high level of knowledge in some areas of oral-systemic disease but could improve their confidence levels and knowledge through expanded content in their educational programs and continuing education. Inter-professional education and collaboration would also assist in integration of knowledge into clinical practice.
A randomized controlled trial comparing the efficacy of nifedipine and enalapril in the postpartum period.; BACKGROUND: Postpartum hypertension is a common medical complication of pregnancy and is associated with increased healthcare use, including unplanned interactions with the medical system and readmission, which can add significant stress to both a newly postpartum patient and the medical care delivery system. We currently do not know what the best antihypertensive treatment for postpartum hypertension is and tend to use antihypertensives commonly used during pregnancy. However, the mechanism of action of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors may be well suited for the pathophysiology of hypertension in the postpartum period and may help to provide better control of hypertension and, in turn, decrease healthcare use. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to determine if enalapril is superior to nifedipine in preventing prolonged hospitalizations, unplanned medical visits, and/or readmission among women with postpartum hypertension. STUDY DESIGN: We performed an open-label, randomized controlled trial (ClinicalTrials.gov registered: NCT04236258) in which patients ≥18 years with chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, or preeclampsia were recruited to receive either 10 mg enalapril daily or 30 mg extended-release nifedipine daily as an initial antihypertensive agent in the period from delivery to 6 weeks postpartum. Recruitment occurred at a tertiary academic hospital from January 2020 to February 2021. Exclusion criteria included being on an antihypertensive when pregnancy started or requiring ≥2 daily antihypertensives during pregnancy. The antihypertensive regimen was managed by the participants' obstetrical provider after the initial randomization. The primary outcome was a composite of prolonged hospitalization, unplanned clinic visits, triage visits, and/or readmission. A total of 40 patients in each arm were needed to detect a decrease in the primary outcome rate from 70% to 40% (α=0.05; power 0.80). Analyses were performed based on the intention-to-treat principal, and each arm was oversampled because of the risk for participant dropout. RESULTS: A total of 47 patients were randomized to each arm. Aside from the mode of delivery and twin gestation, the maternal demographics were similar between the 2 groups. The primary outcome occurred in 31 of 47 patients (66%) randomized to the nifedipine group and in 30 of 47 (64%) randomized to the enalapril group (P=.83). There was no significant difference in the primary outcome after controlling for mode of delivery and twin gestation. More patients in the enalapril arm had a second antihypertensive added during their primary hospitalization (16 vs 6) and more patients in the nifedipine arm were still on their antihypertensive at 2 weeks postpartum (42 vs 36). There were no adverse events in either group. CONCLUSION: Enalapril was not superior to nifedipine when used as an initial antihypertensive in the immediate postpartum period in terms of decreasing healthcare use.
Evaluating the association of antiretroviral therapy and immune status with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy among people with HIV.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to examine the association of timing of antiretroviral therapy (ART) initiation and ART class with risk of new-onset hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) among people with HIV (PWH). DESIGN: An observational study of participants in the multisite Surveillance Monitoring for ART Toxicities (SMARTT) study. METHODS: Data were abstracted from medical records of pregnant PWH enrolled in SMARTT (January 30, 2015 to March 25, 2019). New-onset HDP included gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, or HELLP syndrome. We examined the associations of clinical risk factors and three exposures of interest, each in a separate model, with risk of new-onset HDP. Log-binomial regression models were fit using generalized estimating equations to account for correlations within people. Exposures included timing of ART initiation, antiretroviral class among those on therapy at conception, and antiretroviral class among those initiating treatment during pregnancy. RESULTS: Of 1038 pregnancies in this cohort, 973 were singletons with complete data on HDP, with ART use in 948. Overall, 9% had a new-onset HDP, 10% had chronic hypertension, and 81% had no hypertension. Diabetes [adjusted relative risk (aRR) 2.44, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.42-4.21] and first/second trimester CD4 + cell count less than 200 cells/μl (aRR 1.99, 95% CI 1.21-3.27) were associated with a greater risk of new-onset HDP. Risk of new-onset HDP was similar by antiretroviral class, but those initiating ART after 20 weeks' gestation had a greater risk (aRR 1.93, 95% CI 1.12-3.30) compared with those receiving ART at conception. CONCLUSION: In this large, diverse cohort of pregnant PWH, worse early pregnancy immune status and later ART initiation were associated with an increased risk of HDP while ART class was not.
[Nutritional value of dairy products and recommended daily consumption].; Objective: messages that are given recently have encouraged to reduce the consumption of dairy products, by noting them as dispensable or even harmful in relation to certain pathologies. The objective of this present work is to review the nutritional value of this group of foods and their recommended consumption. Methods: bibliographic search related to the topic. Results: dairy products provide proteins of high biological value, vitamins and minerals, especially calcium and vitamins B2 and B12, as well as essential fatty acids, and some antioxidants, among other nutrients. Although its fat is mostly saturated (65%), it does not seem to adversely affect cardiovascular risk and may even have a slight protective effect. More than 75% of individuals have calcium intakes lower than recommended, and since more than 50% of the calcium in the diet comes from dairy products, increasing their consumption may be recommended. Moderate milk intake during pregnancy is positively associated with birth weight and length of the offspring and bone mineral content during childhood. In adults, dairy consumption it is associated with a lower risk of metabolic syndrome, coronary heart disease and myocardial infarction, colorectal and gallbladder cancer, and type 2 diabetes. Moreover in older people it is associated with a lower risk of sarcopenia and vertebral fractures. Conclusions: the population ignores what is the nutritional value of dairy products and their advisable consumption (2-4 servings / day). The latest studies support the need to have an adequate consumption in all stages of life due to its relationship with the prevention and control of chronic diseases. Dairy consumption is less than 2 servings / day in 37.1% of children and 42.3% of adults, so it would be desirable to improve this situation.
Risk factors for the development or progression of diabetic retinopathy in pregnancy: Meta-analysis and systematic review.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is the leading cause of blindness in the working-age population, and it increases in severity during pregnancy. METHODS: Systematic review of literature from PubMed, Cochrane Library and Web of Science using keywords 'diabetic retinopathy' and 'pregnancy' and 'progression' from inception to 2021 was completed. Included studies were (1) peer-reviewed observational studies addressing progression/development of DR in pregnancy, (2) provided the number of diabetic patients that developed/progressed in DR during pregnancy, and (3) included differential data on variables between progression and non-progression groups. This was applied by two independent researchers and referred to a third researcher as necessary. Twenty-seven of the original 138 studies met this criterion. Data were pooled and analysed using fixed-effects in meta-analysis. RESULTS: From 27 studies, 2537 patients were included. Pre-eclampsia [Risk Ratio (RR) 2.62 (95% CI = 1.72, 4.00)] and hypertension treatment during pregnancy [RR 2.74 (95% CI = 1.72, 4.00)] were significantly associated with the development/progression of DR. HbA1c at baseline [MD 0.82 (95% CI = 0.59, 1.06)], duration of diabetes [mean difference (MD) 5.97 (95% CI = 5.38, 6.57)], and diastolic blood pressure at baseline [MD 3.29 (95% CI = 0.46, 6.12)] were all significantly higher in the progression group while only mean birth weight [MD -0.17 (95% CI = -0.31, -0.03)] was significantly higher in the non-progression group. CONCLUSIONS: This study fills a gap in the literature and provide physicians with more information on the risk factors associated with the progression of DR in pregnancy and how to counsel this vulnerable patient population appropriately.
Understanding the role of maternal diet on kidney development; an opportunity to improve cardiovascular and renal health for future generations.; The leading causes of mortality and morbidity worldwide are cardiovascular disease (high blood pressure, high cholesterol and renal disease), cancer and diabetes. It is increasingly obvious that the development of these diseases encompasses complex interactions between adult lifestyle and genetic predisposition. Maternal malnutrition can influence the fetal and early life environment and pose a risk factor for the future development of adult diseases, most likely due to impaired organogenesis in the developing offspring. This then predisposes these offspring to cardiovascular disease and renal dysfunction in adulthood. Studies in experimental animals have further illustrated the significant impact maternal diet has on offspring health. Many studies report changes in kidney structure (a reduction in the number of nephrons in the kidney) in offspring of protein-deprived dams. Although the early studies suggested that increased blood pressure was also present in offspring of protein-restricted dams, this is not a universal finding and requires clarification. Importantly, to date, the literature offers little to no understanding of when in development these changes in kidney development occur, nor are the cellular and molecular mechanisms that drive these changes well characterised. Moreover, the mechanisms linking maternal nutrition and a suboptimal renal phenotype in offspring are yet to be discerned-one potential mechanism involves epigenetics. This review will focus on recent information on potential mechanisms by which maternal nutrition (focusing on malnutrition due to protein restriction, micronutrient restriction and excessive fat intake) influences kidney development and thereby function in later life.
[Prevalence and risk factors associated with diabetic retinopathy in Santander. Northern Spain].; OBJETIVE: To assess the prevalence and risk factors associated with diabetic retinopathy (DR) in Cantabria. DESIGN: ross-sectional population based study. LOCATION: Health center of Cantabria. PARTICIANTS: A random sample of 442 patients with type 2 diabetes. MAIN MEASUREMENTS: Non-mydiatric retinography, classifying them according to the International Clinical Diabetic Retinopathy Disease Severity Scale. The analyzed risk factors were: age, gender, age at diabetes onset, duration of diabetes, glycated haemoglobin levels (A1C), treatment of diabetes, blood pressure (systolic and diastolic), serum lipids concentration, body mass index, smoking status, hematocrit, pregnancy, serum vitamin D (25 OH D) levels, nephropathy and cardiovascular events. RESULTS: The prevalence of DR was 8.56% (CI: 5.81-11.32): Mild non-proliferative DR: 5.07% (CI: 2.89-7.25); Moderate non-proliferative DR: 1.38% (CI: 0.17-2.60); Severe non-proliferative DR: 0.27% (CI: 0.006-1.28); proliferative DR: 1.84% (CI: 0.46-3.22). Diabetic macular oedema: 2.30% (CI: 0.77-3.83). Mean age: 70 years, mean diagnostic age: 58.97 years, mean body mass index 29.86, 78.40% patients with hypertension, 67.30% dyslipidemia and median A1C: 6.7%. A deficit of 25 (OH) D was identified in 77% of patients. In the multivariate analysis, treatment of type 2 diabetes, body mass index, duration of diabetes and metabolic control of glycaemia were identified as independent risk factors. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of DR, compared with former studies, has decreased to 8.56%; this decrease is associated with the improvement in the control of modifiable risk factors. The associated independent risk factors were: treatment, body mass index, duration and control of diabetes. The variables antihypertensive treatment, cardiovascular events and nephropathy showed predictive value for DR.
Exercise during Pregnancy: Developmental Programming Effects and Future Directions in Humans.; Epidemiological studies show that low birth weight is associated with mortality from cardiovascular disease in adulthood, indicating that chronic diseases could be influenced by hormonal or metabolic insults encountered in utero. This concept, now known as the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis, postulates that the intrauterine environment may alter the structure and function of the organs of the fetus as well as the expression of genes that impart an increased vulnerability to chronic diseases later in life. Lifestyle interventions initiated during the prenatal period are crucial as there is the potential to attenuate progression towards chronic diseases. However, how lifestyle interventions such as physical activity directly affect human offspring metabolism and the potential mechanisms involved in regulating metabolic balance at the cellular level are not known. The purpose of this review is to highlight the effects of exercise during pregnancy on offspring metabolic health and emphasize gaps in the current human literature and suggestions for future research.
Clinical, epidemiological characteristics and mortality of pregnant and postpartum women associated with COVID-19 in Brazil: cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To analyze the death of Brazilian pregnant and postpartum women due to COVID-19 or unspecific cause. METHODS: This is retrospective, descriptive-exploratory, population-based study carried out with the Sistema de Informação de Vigilância Epidemiológica da Gripe (SIVEP-Gripe) database, with pregnant and postpartum women of reproductive age who died from confirmed COVID-19 between 2020 and 2021. The chosen variables were: age, gestational period, type and number of comorbidities, skin color, using the statistical software R Foundation for Statistical Computing Platform, version 4.0.3 and Statistical Package for Social Science, version 29.0 for analysis. RESULTS: A total of 19,333 cases of pregnant and postpartum women aged between 10 and 55 years diagnosed with SARS were identified, whether due to confirmed COVID-19 or unspecific causes. Of these, 1,279 died, these cases were classified into two groups according to the cause of death: deaths from COVID-19 (n= 1,026) and deaths from SARS of unspecific cause (n= 253). CONCLUSION: The risk of death increased among black and brown women, in the postpartum period and with the presence of comorbidities, mainly diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and obesity. The data presented here draw attention to the number of deaths from SARS, especially among sociodemographic profiles, precarious access to health, such as the black population. In addition, limitations in adequate access to health care are reinforced by even lower rates of ICU admissions among women who died from SARS of an unspecified cause.
Women's health in the 21st century.; Although women's health has been under-attended for most of the 20th century, it has gained international attention in recent decades. Medical and social research on heart disease, lung cancer, HIV/AIDS, and trachoma indicate that bio-socio variables affect women's health differently from men's. With regard to diabetes, data on pregnancy, diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), depression, and heart disease corroborate the differentials between men and women. Data also indicate that social factors place diabetic women at a disadvantage regarding access to treatment and outcomes. Ascertaining the precise interactions that cause these differences and applying this information to policies and programs are imperative in the 21st century.
Lower free triiodothyronine levels within the reference range are associated with higher cardiovascular mortality: An analysis of the NHANES.; BACKGROUND: Thyroid hormones play a central role in cardiovascular homeostasis. Lower free triiodothyronine (FT3) levels have been associated with worse prognosis in several conditions. However, contrary to thyrotropin (TSH) and free thyroxine (FT4), the role of FT3 in morbidity and mortality in the general population remains uncertain. Our objective was to evaluate the association between within the normal range FT3 levels and mortality in the general population. METHODS: We evaluated 7116 adults in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2001-2002, 2007-2008, and 2009-2010 cycles with mortality evaluated as of December 2011. Exclusion criteria were: pregnancy; history of thyroid disease; use of thyroid-related drugs; and TSH, FT4, or FT3 level outside the reference range. RESULTS: During a median follow-up of 45 months, 357 participants died. In unadjusted analysis, lower FT3 levels were associated with higher all-cause (HR per 0.1 pg/mL increase in FT3: 0.82 [95% confidence interval, 0.78-0.87]), cardiovascular (HR 0.74 [0.66-0.83]), cancer-related (HR 0.88 [0.80-0.97]) and other cause-related mortality (HR 0.83 [0.77-0.90]). After adjustment with Cox proportional hazard models, lower FT3 levels remained significantly associated with higher cardiovascular mortality (HR 0.83 [0.75-0.93]), but not with all-cause (HR 0.97 [0.92-1.02]), cancer-related (HR 1.02 [0.89-1.17]), or other cause-related mortality (HR 1.00 [0.92-1.10]). CONCLUSIONS: Lower levels of FT3 within the reference range may independently predict higher cardiovascular mortality in the general population.
Pregnancy after pancreas transplantation in the cyclosporine era: report from the International Pancreas Transplant Registry.; BACKGROUND: As of December 31, 1996, a total of 9012 pancreas transplants have been reported to the International Pancreas Transplant Registry (IPTR). Over 75% of these recipients were < or = 40 years of age at the time of their transplant. With continued improvement in short- and long-term outcome after transplant, an increasing number of female recipients have become pregnant. However, outcome after pregnancy in pancreas transplant recipients has not been studied in detail. METHODS: To evaluate the risks of pregnancy after pancreas transplantation in the cyclosporine era, we surveyed the institutions reporting to the IPTR. RESULTS: Nineteen cases of pregnancy in 17 female recipients of simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplants resulted in 19 live births. Metabolic control during pregnancy was good in all cases. Mean duration of gestation was 35.2-2.2 weeks. Mean birth weight was 2150+/-680 g. Two congenital malformations were reported (one bilateral cataract and one double aortic arch). One child developed type I diabetes at age 3 years. Only one pancreas graft and one kidney graft were lost (in two different recipients). The pancreas graft was lost after delivery (because of acute rejection). The kidney graft was lost 3 months after delivery (impaired function due to previous amphotericin B treatment). One case of a worsened secondary complication (retinopathy) was reported. One recipient died of myocardial infarction 7 years after transplant and 5 years after delivery, in spite of a normal pretransplant coronary angiogram and good pancreas function. CONCLUSION: This study shows that simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplantation can restore fertility in uremic type I diabetic female recipients. Thus, both posttransplant contraception and fertility counseling are options for female recipients. However, our analysis demonstrates that, when discussing the possibility of pregnancy with female pancreas recipients, these potential risks must be considered: (1) graft loss, (2) progressive maternal morbidity and mortality even with good glycemic control, and (3) diabetes transmission to offspring.
Testing, Monitoring, and Treatment of Thyroid Dysfunction in Pregnancy.; Both hyperthyroidism and hypothyroidism can have adverse effects in pregnancy. The most common causes of thyrotoxicosis in pregnancy are gestational transient thyrotoxicosis and Graves' disease. It is important to distinguish between these entities as treatment options differ. Women of reproductive age who are diagnosed with Graves' disease should be counseled regarding the impact of treatment options on a potential pregnancy. Although the absolute risk is small, antithyroid medications can have teratogenic effects. Propylthiouracil appears to have less severe teratogenicity compared to methimazole and is therefore favored during the first trimester if a medication is needed. Women should be advised to delay pregnancy for at least 6 months following radioactive iodine to minimize potential adverse effects from radiation and ensure normal thyroid hormone levels prior to conception. As thyroid hormone is critical for normal fetal development, hypothyroidism is associated with adverse obstetric and child neurodevelopmental outcomes. Women with overt hypothyroidism should be treated with levothyroxine (LT4) to a thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone; TSH) goal of <2.5 mIU/L. There is mounting evidence for associations of maternal hypothyroxinemia and subclinical hypothyroidism with pregnancy loss, preterm labor, and lower scores on child cognitive assessment. Although there is minimal risk of LT4 treatment to keep TSH within the pregnancy-specific reference range, treatment of mild maternal thyroid hypofunction remains controversial, given the lack of clinical trials showing improved outcomes with LT4 treatment.
[Association between congenital heart disease and maternal disease in early pregnancy in women of childbearing age].; Objective: To investigate the relationship between maternal disease in early pregnancy of women of childbearing age and congenital heart disease of neonates. Methods: A cross-sectional design was used in this study and stratified multistage random sampling method was used. A questionnaire survey was conducted in the childbearing-aged women during 2010-2013 in Shaanxi province. Propensity score (PS) matched (1∶1) analysis was used to match participants with diseases to those without disease in early pregnancy. Through the control of the confounders step by step, a logistic regression model was established to evaluate the ORs of congenital heart disease according to the independent variable of maternal disease. Results: A total of 28 680 pairs of mothers and infants were included in this study, the proportion of the women with disease in early pregnancy was 20.25% (5 807). After PS matching, 5 436 pairs were matched. After adjusting all confounding factors, the multivariable logistic regression analysis results showed that maternal disease (OR=1.86, 95%CI: 1.23-2.81), especially cold (OR=2.19, 95%CI: 1.46-3.28), gynecological disease (OR=4.74, 95%CI: 2.03-11.09) and diabetes (OR=14.00, 95%CI: 1.64-119.21), in early pregnancy were the risk factors for congenital heart disease of neonate. Conclusion: In women of childbearing age, disease in early pregnancy, especially cold, gynecological disease and diabetes, can increase the risk of congenital heart disease in neonates.
The Case for an Estrogen-iron Axis in Health and Disease.; Clinical and experimental evidence suggest that estrogen manipulates intracellular iron metabolism and that elevated levels of estrogen associate with increased systemic iron availability. This has been attributed to the ability of estrogen to suppress hepcidin synthesis, maintain ferroportin integrity and enhance iron release from iron-absorbing duodenal enterocytes and iron-storing macrophages and hepatocytes. These observations speak of a potential "estrogen-iron" axis that manipulates iron metabolism in response to hematologic (erythropoiesis) and non-hematologic (uterine growth, pregnancy, lactation) needs for iron. Such an axis could contribute to minimizing iron deficiency in premenopausal women and iron overload in postmenopausal women. It could also exacerbate iron overload and related clinical consequences including cancer, osteoporosis, cardiovascular complications and neurodegenerative symptoms, especially in postmenopausal women on hormonal replacement therapy. Understanding the role of estrogen in iron metabolism may shed some light on the pleotropic, but often paradoxical, roles of estrogen in human health and disease.
Angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene polymorphism modulates the consequences of in utero growth retardation on plasma insulin in young adults.; In utero growth retardation has been linked to a reduced rate of cell division in the fetal organs that undergo rapid growth and to permanent changes and adaptations (programming) that may affect the physiology in adult life. In particular, in utero growth retardation as reflected by a low birth weight for gestational age has been shown to be associated with a relative insulin resistance in adults. How programming may influence glucose metabolism is not completely understood, and the possible role of genetic factors has not been explored. The angiotensin I-converting enzyme gene insertion/deletion (ACE I/D) polymorphism may predispose to insulin resistance and modulate the expression of several common cardiovascular and renal disorders, especially in people with diabetes. The possible impact of this polymorphism on plasma glucose and insulin levels was investigated in a group of young adults born at term whose length or weight at birth were in the lowest 3% of the sex and gestational age-adjusted distribution (SGA, n = 172) and a group of control individuals born with an appropriate birth weight for gestational age (AGA, n = 207). In this study, we have previously demonstrated an association between SGA and relative insulin resistance, especially in those with shorter gestational age. In the SGA group, fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels were significantly correlated (R = 0.196, P < 0.015), with this association being significant only in ACE II individuals (R = 0.539, P < 0.0009). In the AGA group, fasting plasma glucose and insulin levels were not significantly correlated. Consistent with this observation, the relationship between the ACE polymorphism and the insulin response to a glucose load was significantly heterogeneous between the AGA and SGA groups (P < 0.05); this was due to a tendency for ACE II individuals in the SGA group to exhibit increased 30-min plasma insulin levels (P < 0.05). In the SGA group, there was a significant interaction between gestational age and genotype on the insulin area (P < 0.0004); this index was inversely associated with gestational age in ACE II (P < 0.0005) and ACE ID (P < 0.005) subjects, but not in DD homozygotes (P > 0.05). The ACE D allele may thus attenuate the additive consequences of SGA and relatively short duration of gestation on insulin resistance in young adults.
Epidemiologic associations with cerebral palsy.; OBJECTIVE: To estimate epidemiologic risk factors for cerebral palsy. METHODS: Data were collected by linkage to state-based perinatal repositories and cerebral palsy registers and using a maternal questionnaire. The cohort included 587 individuals with cerebral palsy and 1,154 non-cerebral palsy controls. RESULTS: The following factors were associated with cerebral palsy: recorded maternal infection during pregnancy (41.4% patients compared with 31.3% controls; odds ratio [OR] 1.55, 95% confidence interval 1.26-1.91), small for gestational age ([birth weight less than third customized centile] 43.9% patients compared with 6.3% controls; OR 11.75, 6.25-22.08), gestational age less than 32 weeks (29.3% patients compared with 0.7% controls; OR 59.20, 28.87-121.38), multiple birth (OR 6.62, 4.00-10.95), a relative with cerebral palsy (OR 1.61, 1.12-2.32), breech position (13.7% patients compared with 6.0% controls; OR 2.48, 1.76-3.49), bleeding at any time in pregnancy (29.3% patients compared with 16.9% controls; OR 2.04, 1.61-2.58), male sex (58.8% patients compared with 45.8% controls; OR 1.68, 1.38-2.06), multiple miscarriage (7.7% patients compared with 3.5% controls; OR 2.30, 1.38-3.82), smoking (14.0% patients compared with 10.6% controls; OR 1.37, 1.02-1.85), and illicit drug use (3.3% patients compared with 1.5% controls; OR 2.22, 1.14-4.30). Factors not associated with cerebral palsy were "disappearing twin," diabetes, maternal body mass index, hypertension, alcohol consumption, anemia, maternal hypothyroidism, forceps or vacuum delivery, and maternal age. CONCLUSION: Preterm birth, intrauterine growth restriction, perinatal infection, and multiple birth present the largest risks for a cerebral palsy outcome. Reassuringly, upper respiratory tract and gastrointestinal infections during pregnancy were not associated with cerebral palsy. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: II.
Health consequences of prophylactic exposure to antenatal corticosteroids among children born late preterm or term.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the duration of effects and health consequences of earlier antenatal corticosteroid exposure in infants born late preterm or term. DESIGN: Observational cohort study. SETTING: Children born after gestational week 34 in Sweden, 1976-1997, whose mothers were hospitalized for imminent preterm delivery. The children were followed to their 11th birthday. SAMPLE: The cohort consisted of 11 873 infants, of whom 8620 were exposed. METHODS: Exposure was estimated at hospital level. Infants born at a hospital practicing antenatal corticosteroid administration were classified as exposed. Estimation of hospital routines was based on questionnaire data, telephone interviews with physicians and pharmacy sales, validated in a random sample of medical records. Logistic regression was used to assess associations with adjustments for pregnancy length, birth year and hospital level. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Rates and odds ratios of mortality, respiratory distress syndrome, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, epilepsy, cerebral palsy, childhood diabetes, birthweight, length and head circumference for all infants, and for preterm and term infants, respectively. RESULTS: Exposed infants had reduced risks of respiratory distress syndrome (odds ratio 0.54, 95% confidence interval 0.35-0.83) and small head circumference (odds ratio 0.47, 95% confidence interval 0.36-0.61), and an increased risk of low Apgar scores (odds ratio 1.40, 95% confidence interval 1.01-1.94), most pronounced in infants born after gestational week 37. CONCLUSIONS: Infants born after gestational week 34 seem to benefit from earlier antenatal corticosteroid administration, with reduced risks of respiratory distress syndrome. However, the treatment was less beneficial for term infants, because they also had increased risk of low Apgar scores.
Analysis of Early-Life Growth and Age at Pubertal Onset in US Children.; IMPORTANCE: Earlier pubertal onset may be associated with an increased risk of chronic diseases. However, the extent to which growth in the first 5 years of life-an important developmental life stage that lays the foundation for later health outcomes-is associated with pubertal onset remains understudied. OBJECTIVE: To assess whether changes in weight, length or height, and body mass index (BMI, calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared) during the first 5 years of life are associated with earlier pubertal onset. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This cohort study used data from 36 cohorts participating in the Environmental Influences on Child Health Outcomes program from January 1, 1986, to December 31, 2015. Participant inclusion required at least 1 anthropometric measure in the first 5 years of life and at least 1 measure of pubertal onset. Data were analyzed from January 1 to June 30, 2021. EXPOSURES: Standardized velocities of weight, length or height, and BMI gain in early infancy (0-0.5 years), late infancy (0.5-2 years), and early childhood (2-5 years). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Markers of pubertal onset for boys and girls, including age at peak height velocity (APHV), time to puberty score greater than 1, time to Tanner pubic hair stage greater than 1, and time to menarche. Multivariable regression models were used to estimate mean differences in APHV by growth periods. RESULTS: Of 7495 children included in the study, 3772 (50.3%) were girls, 4505 (60.1%) were White individuals, and 6307 (84.1%) were born during or after the year 2000. Girls had a younger APHV (10.8 vs 12.9 years) than boys. In boys, faster weight gain (per 1-SD increase) in early infancy (β, -0.08 years; 95% CI, -0.10 to -0.06), late infancy (β, -0.10 years; 95% CI, -0.12 to -0.08), and early childhood (β, -0.07 years; 95% CI, -0.08 to -0.05) was associated with younger APHV after adjusting for the child's birth year, race, and Hispanic ethnicity as well as maternal age at delivery; educational level during pregnancy; annual household income during pregnancy; prenatal cigarette smoking; whether the mother was nulliparous; whether the mother had gestational diabetes, hypertension, or preeclampsia; mode of delivery; prepregnancy BMI; gestational weight gain; and gestational age at delivery. Similar associations were observed for length or height and BMI gains during the same age periods. In girls, faster gains (per 1-SD increase) in weight (β, -0.03 years; 95% CI, -0.05 to -0.01) and height (β, -0.02 years; 95% CI, -0.04 to 0.00) in early childhood were associated with younger APHV. Faster BMI gain in late infancy was associated with earlier time to menarche, whereas faster BMI gain in early childhood was associated with earlier time to Tanner pubic hair stage greater than 1. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: This cohort study found that faster gains in weight, length or height, or BMI in early life were associated with earlier pubertal onset. The results suggest that children who experience faster early growth should be monitored closely for earlier onset of puberty and referred as appropriate for supportive services.
Is the association between parity and coronary heart disease due to biological effects of pregnancy or adverse lifestyle risk factors associated with child-rearing? Findings from the British Women's Heart and Health Study and the British Regional Heart Study.; BACKGROUND: Parity is associated with coronary heart disease (CHD) risk. In the present study, we assessed the associations between number of children and CHD in both women and men. METHODS AND RESULTS: A total of 4286 women and 4252 men aged 60 to 79 years from 24 British towns were studied. Number of children was positively associated with body mass index and waist-hip ratio in both sexes. In women but not in men, number of children was inversely associated with high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and was positively associated with triglycerides and diabetes. For both sexes, similar "J" shaped associations between number of children and CHD were observed, with the prevalence lowest among those with 2 children and increasing linearly with each additional child beyond 2. For those with at least 2 children, each additional child increased the age-adjusted odds of CHD by 30% (odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.17 to 1.44) for women and by 12% for men (odds ratio, 1.12; 95% confidence interval, 1.02 to 1.22). Adjustment for obesity and metabolic risk factors attenuated the associations between greater number of children and CHD in both sexes, although in women some association remained. CONCLUSIONS: Lifestyle risk factors associated with child-rearing lead to obesity and result in increased CHD in both sexes; biological responses of pregnancy may have additional adverse effects in women.
[Indications and limitations of fibrinolytic therapy for central artery occlusion (author's transl)].; Fibrinolytic therapy was started 90 min after central retinal occlusion in a 62-year-old male patient, but the retinal function did not recover. Another patient, aged 64 years, with occlusion of a retinal artery branch, had therapy started only 6 hours after the event and showed full recovery as was documented by angiography. General contraindications against fibrinolytic therapy are: hypertension over 200 mm Hg, arteriosclerosis, diabetes with retinal changes, previous cerebral insults, malignancy or ulcer, hepatocirrhosis, recent surgical or angiographic interventions, renal insufficiency, pregnancy, cogenital or acquired abnormal blood coagulation. If these contraindications do not apply, fibrinolytic therapy of central retinal arterial obstruction is recommended provided this therapy can be started not later than 6 hours after the event. Occlusions of the central retinal vein should have fibrinolytic therapy only if there are very few haemorrhages and if the occlusion is not older than 24 hours.
Fetal tobacco syndrome and perinatal outcome.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate perinatal outcome in newborns of mothers who are smokers. METHODS: The study included 87 pregnant women with a single pregnancy in the cephalic position, 64 of them nonsmokers (group 1), 13 who smoked 5-20 cigarettes per day (group 2) and 10 who smoked more than 20 cigarettes per day (group 3). Maternal demographic variables and laboratory hemoglobin concentration, hematocrit and erythrocyte count in the last trimester were recorded. Perinatal outcome included type of delivery (vaginal or cesarean section), birth weight, occurrence of meconium in the amniotic fluid, 5-min Apgar score, umbilical arterial blood pH postpartum, sex of the newborn, need for treatment at a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and clinically and neurosonographically verified postpartum neurologic complications in the newborn. RESULTS: A statistically significant correlation (p < 0.01) was found with the mean gestational age at delivery in all three groups of women, especially in those smoking >20 cigarettes per day, who had a higher incidence of premature deliveries. Maternal laboratory findings also differed significantly among the three groups of women, i.e. erythrocyte count (p < 0.01), hemoglobin concentration (p < 0.01) and hematocrit (p < 0.001). The rate of delivery by cesarean section was significantly higher in the groups of smokers, irrespective of the number of cigarettes per day (groups 2 and 3). Birth weight was lower by about 250 and 350 g (p < 0.001) in groups 2 and 3, respectively. Five-minute Apgar score and umbilical arterial blood pH were lower in group 3 as compared with groups 1 and 2 (p < 0.01). NICU treatment was required in more than 50% of infants born to group 3 mothers, in whom 70% of perinatal neurologic complications such as subependymal hemorrhage, periventricular hemorrhage, porencephalic cysts, intracranial hemorrhage and swallowing disturbance of the newborn were recorded (p < 0.001). The infants born to group 3 mothers had a longer and more difficult period of adaptation, thus often requiring an NICU stay. CONCLUSION: Our study confirmed that pregnancy burdened with smoking, especially in the case of >20 cigarettes a day, is associated with a high risk due to the development of maternal anemia and fetal hypoxia and polyglobulia, which in turn result in a significantly poorer perinatal outcome in infants born to smoking mothers and compromised subsequent development of the child, as evidenced by the morphological substrates on the brain resulting from the fetal mechanism of defense against hypoxia. Clinically, there was no other (etiologic) reason for (chronic) fetal hypoxia; thus, the clinical substrate of fetal tobacco syndrome could be presumed to have developed consequentially to chronic smoking during pregnancy, as a preuterine factor of fetal hypoxia. Other gestational or gestation-related diseases (e.g., gestosis, diabetes) that may potentially cause nutritional and respiratory insufficiency of the placenta were ruled out.
Endocrinology of Pregnancy.; A coordinated sequence of events must occur in order to establish and successfully maintain a healthy pregnancy. Synchrony between the development of the early embryo and establishment of a receptive endometrium is necessary to allow implantation and subsequent progression of pregnancy. The endocrinology of human pregnancy involves endocrine and metabolic changes that result from physiological alterations at the boundary between mother and fetus. Known as the feto-placental unit (FPU), this interface is a major site of protein and steroid hormone production and secretion. Many of the endocrine and metabolic changes that occur during pregnancy can be directly attributed to hormonal signals originating from the FPU. The initiation and maintenance of pregnancy depends primarily on the interactions of neuronal and hormonal factors. Proper timing of these neuro-endocrine events within and between the placental, fetal, and maternal compartments is critical in directing fetal growth and development and in coordinating the timing of parturition. Maternal adaptations to hormonal changes that occur during pregnancy directly affect the development of the fetus and placenta. Gestational adaptations that take place in pregnancy include establishment of a receptive endometrium; implantation and the maintenance of early pregnancy; modification of the maternal system in order to provide adequate nutritional support for the developing fetus; and preparation for parturition and subsequent lactation. For complete coverage of all related areas of Endocrinology, please visit our on-line FREE web-text, WWW.ENDOTEXT.ORG.
Perinatal undernourishment provokes long-lasting alterations of clusterin and fumarate hydratase expression in the rat nucleus accumbens.; BACKGROUND: Background: Perinatal malnutrition seems to provoke important neurochemical alterations in the brain that lead to higher vulnerability to develop neuropsychiatric disorders in the adulthood. OBJECTIVES: We have examined the persistence and reversibility of the changes induced by perinatal undernourishment on the expression of fumarate hydratase in the rat nucleus accumbens, bearing in mind that this expression has been previously linked with addictive disorders. Clusterin, a multifunctional protein known to be neuroprotective and possibly related to addiction in humans, was studied in parallel. METHODS: Female Wistar rats underwent a severe restriction of food during gestation and lactation. Upon weaning, a subgroup of undernourished animals was switched to normal chow and another one continued under food restriction. Control rats and their mothers were fed on chow along the experiment. Fumarate hydratase and clusterin were quantified by western blot after five months of postnatal life in the three experimental groups. RESULTS: Food restriction along the whole experimental period provoked a marked upregulation of both clusterin and fumarate hydratase in the mitochondrial fraction of the nucleus accumbens. In the case of clusterin, this upregulation was also observed in the cytosolic fraction of the nucleus accumbens. When undernourishment was limited to gestation and lactation the two proteins appeared downregulated with respect to controls. CONCLUSION: The results are consistent with the idea that perinatal malnutrition provokes marked changes in brain neurochemistry that are not fully corrected by the rehabilitation of normal feeding and could be linked to behavioural disturbances in the adulthood, that is, increased vulnerability to addiction.
[Statins under fire: justified or not?].; Statins inhibit the synthesis of cholesterol in the liver resulting in a decrease of LDL cholesterol and triglycerides, and a limited increase in HDL cholesterol. Statins also have pleiotropic effects, such as stabilisation of atherosclerotic plaques. The 4S-study was the first trial that demonstrated a significant benefit with statins in secondary prevention. The WOSCOPS-study was the first to prove the efficacy of statins in primary prevention. diseases approximately 10 years later than men. Therefore, it looks as if women are protected against cardiovascular diseases. Hence, they were underrepresented in large clinical trials. If there is no limited life expectancy, elderly--even older than 85 years--do not have to be treated differently for the secondary prevention than younger people. For primary prevention, the situation of the patient has to be evaluated, paying attention to additional risk factors. Type 2 diabetic patients that already have had a cardiovascular incident are considered to be at high risk and are eligible for an intensive therapy. Primary prevention in diabetic patients is often compared with secondary prevention in non-diabetic patients. The use of statins in children is controversial due to possible interference with the development of the child. New guidelines decrease the age for starting a therapy from 10 years old to 8 years old. For all patients a good safety profile is very important, given the long duration of therapy. Statins are used increasingly in high dose and accordingly the risk of adverse effects increases. Muscle toxicity is the most frequent side effect. The risk is strongly intensified by drug interactions through CYP3A4 (for simvastatin and atorvastatin), high doses, and combination therapy with fibrates. The use of statins during pregnancy is contra-indicated. Pharmacists are well placed to give advice about the risks of the use, or non-use, of statins. A high cholesterol level and the accompanied risk of cardiovascular disease, is something that one cannot really sense. The well-established effects of statins have to be explained to patients, together with a healthy life style. It is important to mention that the effects of statins in high--risk patients are largely proven. For primary prevention the risk factors have to be evaluated individually. Compliance is often low and pharmacists can play a major role in the pharmaceutical care of cardiovascular patients.
New diagnosis of diabetes and severe hyperlipidemia at 3 months postpartum presenting as florid diabetic retinopathy and eruptive xanthomas.; A 33-year-old woman presented to the Emergency Department at 3 months postpartum with a 2-day history of a partial left sixth cranial nerve palsy, and several weeks' history of bilateral blurred vision and papular skin lesions. Brain imaging and ultrasound of the carotid and vertebral arteries were all normal. Investigations revealed severe hyperlipidemia and a venous blood glucose level of 19.6 mmol/L despite a negative result on a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test at 32 weeks of pregnancy. Fundus photography demonstrated bilateral severe proliferative diabetic retinopathy with lipemia retinalis. The skin lesions were consistent with xanthomas on biopsy. The partial left sixth cranial nerve palsy and the bilateral rapidly progressive diabetic retinopathy were likely secondary to peripheral ischemia from serum hyperviscosity and displacement due to severe hyperlipidemia. The rapid progression of symptoms was likely triggered by a postpartum diet high in saturated fats in the context of presumed genetic predisposition.
Distinct modulation of voltage-gated and ligand-gated Ca2+ currents by PPAR-gamma agonists in cultured hippocampal neurons.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder characterized by hyperglycemia and is especially prevalent in the elderly. Because aging is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus, and insulin resistance may contribute to the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease (AD), anti-diabetic agents (thiazolidinediones-TZDs) are being studied for the treatment of cognitive decline associated with AD. These agents normalize insulin sensitivity in the periphery and can improve cognition and verbal memory in AD patients. Based on evidence that Ca(2+) dysregulation is a pathogenic factor of brain aging/AD, we tested the hypothesis that TZDs could impact Ca(2+) signaling/homeostasis in neurons. We assessed the effects of pioglitazone and rosiglitazone (TZDs) on two major sources of Ca(2+) influx in primary hippocampal cultured neurons, voltage-gated Ca(2+) channel (VGCC) and the NMDA receptor (NMDAR). VGCC- and NMDAR-mediated Ca(2+) currents were recorded using patch-clamp techniques, and Ca(2+) intracellular levels were monitored with Ca(2+) imaging techniques. Rosiglitazone, but not pioglitazone reduced VGCC currents. In contrast, NMDAR-mediated currents were significantly reduced by pioglitazone but not rosiglitazone. These results show that TZDs modulate Ca(2+)-dependent pathways in the brain and have different inhibitory profiles on two major Ca(2+) sources, potentially conferring neuroprotection to an area of the brain that is particularly vulnerable to the effects of aging and/or AD.
Contemporary management of diabetic retinopathy in Canada: from guidelines to algorithm guidance.; Recent advances in the therapeutic options and approaches for diabetic retinopathy (DR) and diabetic macular edema (DME) have resulted in improved visual outcomes for many patients with diabetes. Yet, they have also created many clinical dilemmas for treating ophthalmologists and retina specialists, including treatment selection, initiation, frequency and duration. With this in mind, a panel of Canadian retina specialists met and discussed the current clinical evidence as well as specific situations and scenarios commonly encountered in daily practice. They also shared their experiences and therapeutic approaches. This document, containing a consensus on treatment algorithms for various clinical scenarios, is the result of their lengthy and in-depth discussions and considerations. The intent is to provide a step-by-step approach to the treatment of DR and DME. Although clinicians are encouraged to use and refer to these algorithms as a guide for various situations, they are not meant to be a replacement for sound clinical judgment.
The effects of prophylactic management and therapeutics on hypertensive disease in pregnancy: preliminary studies.; A controlled prospective evaluation of pregnancy complicated by chronic hypertension is proposed and preliminary data on population selection and pregnancy outcome are presented. Sixty-three women with evidence of underlying hypertensive disease were followed prospectively throughout pregnancy. Twenty-three patients were followed in a protocol of intensified prenatal care and randomized assignment of antihypertensive agents: placebo, hydralazine, or methyldopa. Forty patients were followed in the high-risk pregnancy clinics at Duke University. The incidence of preeclampsia in the randomized prophylactic antihypertensive group was statistically lower than that in the nonrandomized group (8.7 versus 32.5%; P less than .01). There were no other statistically significant differences between the groups. The 63 hypertensive women had a high incidence of diabetes mellitus diagnosed during pregnancy (49.2%) as compared to the authors' general obstetric population (8.1%).
Diabetic papillopathy in pregnancy: a marker for progression to proliferative retinopathy.; BACKGROUND: Diabetic papillopathy is an uncommon cause of transient acute optic disc edema, and during pregnancy it may be easily confused with other more serious disorders that may result in acute visual loss. CASE: We present a case of acute bilateral optic disc edema attributable to diabetic papillopathy in a young woman with an unplanned pregnancy and childhood-onset type 1 diabetes mellitus. The patient presented 16 months after fetal death of unknown etiology at 26 weeks of gestation with acute visual impairment in both eyes; severe proliferative retinopathy was diagnosed. Despite immediate therapeutic intervention with panretinal laser photocoagulation, the patient is legally blind. CONCLUSION: Early recognition of diabetic papillopathy in pregnancy is important to prevent unnecessary testing, invasive procedures, and inappropriate treatment. Patients with diabetic papillopathy should be monitored closely even after delivery because this condition may be associated with rapid progression to proliferative retinopathy.
One-year postpartum anthropometric outcomes in mothers and children in the LIFE-Moms lifestyle intervention clinical trials.; BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: Excess gestational weight gain (GWG) is a risk factor for maternal postpartum weight retention and excessive neonatal adiposity, especially in women with overweight or obesity. Whether lifestyle interventions to reduce excess GWG also reduce 12-month maternal postpartum weight retention and infant weight-for-length z score is unknown. Randomized controlled trials from the LIFE-Moms consortium investigated lifestyle interventions that began in pregnancy and tested whether there was benefit through 12 months on maternal postpartum weight retention (i.e., the difference in weight from early pregnancy to 12 months) and infant-weight-for-length z scores. SUBJECTS/METHODS: In LIFE-Moms, women (N = 1150; 14.1 weeks gestation at enrollment) with overweight or obesity were randomized within each of seven trials to lifestyle intervention or standard care. Individual participant data were combined and analyzed using generalized linear mixed models with trial entered as a random effect. The 12-month assessment was completed by 83% (959/1150) of women and 84% (961/1150) of infants. RESULTS: Compared with standard care, lifestyle intervention reduced postpartum weight retention (2.2 ± 7.0 vs. 0.7 ± 6.2 kg, respectively; difference of -1.6 kg (95% CI -2.5, -0.7; p = 0.0003); the intervention effect was mediated by reduction in excess GWG, which explained 22% of the effect on postpartum weight retention. Lifestyle intervention also significantly increased the odds (OR = 1.68 (95% CI, 1.26, 2.24)) and percentage of mothers (48.2% vs. 36.2%) at or below baseline weight at 12 months postpartum (yes/no) compared with standard care. There was no statistically significant treatment group effect on infant anthropometric outcomes at 12 months. CONCLUSIONS: Compared with standard care, lifestyle interventions initiated in pregnancy and focused on healthy eating, increased physical activity, and other behavioral strategies resulted in significantly less weight retention but similar infant anthropometric outcomes at 12 months postpartum in a large, diverse US population of women with overweight and obesity.
State Variation in Quality Outcomes and Disparities in Outcomes in Community Health Centers.; BACKGROUND: Prior studies have reported that community health centers perform as well as other sites of care, despite serving more vulnerable patient populations. However, there is little prior study of geographic variation in quality outcomes and disparities in outcomes in this setting. Quantifying geographic variation is important so as to target quality improvement efforts and funding and to learn from states where total quality is highest and racial/ethnic disparities are lowest. OBJECTIVES: To estimate between-state variation in hypertension, diabetes, and pregnancy outcomes and racial/ethnic disparities in these outcomes for health center patients. METHODS: Using data on all US health centers from 2010 to 2014 (N=1047 health centers/year, or 21.2 million patients in 2014), we used linear regression models to estimate adjusted quality outcomes and racial/ethnic disparities in quality outcomes by state for hypertension control, diabetes control, and normal birthweight. RESULTS: We found wide variation in both outcomes and racial/ethnic disparities in outcomes between states for patients seen at health centers. For instance, between states, the mean proportion of patients with hypertension control ranged from 58% to 70% for white patients, from 49% to 64% for black patients, and from 53% to 74% for Hispanic patients (P<0.001). Racial/ethnic disparities in outcomes ranged from negative or nonsignificant in some states to positive in others. CONCLUSIONS: Wide variation in health center patient outcomes and disparities in outcomes is observed between states. This variation suggests that policymakers should target funding and interventions to underperforming states, and identify determinants of high quality in higher performing states.
Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A): theoretical and clinical aspects.; Pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) is an important pregnancy protein. PAPP-A exists in pregnancy serum as a heterotetrameric 2:2 complex with the proform of eosinophil major basic protein (proMBP), forming an approximately 500 kDa and called PAPP-A/proMBP. The gene of PAPP-A has been assigned to human chromosome 9q 33.1. PAPP-A belongs to the metzincin superfamily of metalloproteinases. It contains five short consensus repeats (SCR) and three the lin-notch repeats (LNR) and in addition a putative Zn binding site. The main site of both PAPP-A and proMBP synthesis during pregnancy is the placenta as shown by in situ hybridization. PAPP-A seems to be the predominating IGFBP-4 proteinase in pregnancy serum. In the women the levels of PAPP-A are highest during pregnancy, when plasma levels increase by a factor of about 150 as compared to the nonpregnant state. PAPP-A is the most abundant in the peripheral maternal circulation. Determination of PAPP-A in pregnancy serum has a limited value in some complication in gravidity such as a threatened abortion, ectopic gravidity, preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. PAPP-A determination will gain increasing importance since this protein seems to be the major biochemical marker of Down syndrome in the first trimester of pregnancy. Maternal serum levels of PAPP-A in the first trimester are significantly reduced when a fetus affected by Down syndrome is present. Low first trimester maternal serum levels were found not only in trisomy 21 but also in non-Down syndrome fetal aneuploidies. Another contribution of PAPP-A determination may be in differentation of stable and unstable angina pectoris. (Tab. 3, Fig. 5, Ref. 78.)
Idiopathic polyhydramnios: persistence across gestation and impact on pregnancy outcomes.; PURPOSE: To investigate the likelihood of resolution of idiopathic polyhydramnios in pregnant women and compare outcomes between resolved and persistent cases. METHODS: One hundred and sixty-three women with idiopathic polyhydramnios who delivered at two medical centers during a 3 year period (January 2012-January 2015) were included in the study. Exclusion criteria included congenital fetal anomalies, maternal diabetes, isoimmunization, fetal infection, placental tumors or anomalies, and multiple gestation. Polyhydramnios was defined as SDP≥8cm or AFI≥24cm. Resolved cases were defined as those with AFI and/or SDP falling and remaining below 24cm and 8cm respectively. Pregnancy outcomes were compared between resolved and persistent cases. Two-sample t-test or Wilcoxon rank-sum test was used for continuous variables while chi-square test or Fisher's exact test was used for categorical measures. RESULTS: Resolution was noted in 61 of 163 (37%) patients. There were no differences in maternal age, gravidity or parity between resolved and persistent cases. Mean gestational age at diagnosis of polyhydramnios and overall mean AFI were significantly lower in the cases that resolved (29.7±4.5 weeks vs 33.4±4.1 weeks, p<0.0001; 23.3±3.5cm vs 25.8 23.3±4.0cm, p=0.0002). Similar to AFI measurements, mean SDP was also lower in cases with resolution (p=0.002). There was no difference in induction rates, mode of delivery, amnioinfusion rates, meconium staining of amniotic fluid and fetal heart rate abnormalities influencing intrapartum management between the two groups. Induction of labor for fetal indication and rupture of membranes were significantly more common in the persistent group. Cesarean delivery for abnormal lie and fetal distress did not differ between the groups. There was an increased risk of macrosomia (>4000g) and preterm delivery (<37 weeks) in the persistent group (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Resolution rate was approximately 37% and more likely in cases diagnosed earlier in pregnancy and with lower mean amniotic fluid volume. Preterm delivery and macrosomia were more common in cases that persisted across gestation.
Diagnosis and treatment of cystic fibrosis. An update.; Cystic fibrosis is the most common fatal inherited disease of Caucasians. At present, cystic fibrosis accounts for most cases of chronic progressive pulmonary disease and for many other clinical features in the first three decades of life. Thus, it is a challenge to both pediatricians and internists, particularly chest physicians. The diagnosis is based on the triad of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, pancreatic insufficiency, and increased levels of electrolytes in the sweat. The cardinal test for confirmation of the diagnosis is the "sweat test," which is an excellent discriminant for cystic fibrosis, even in adults. Ancillary features of cystic fibrosis may be of diagnostic assistance (eg, nasal polyposis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa in sputum, azoospermia, and others). Treatment of the pulmonary disease must be emphasized. Choice of antibiotics should be based on the results of sputum culture, but P aeruginosa is the most common pathogen. Removal of secretions by regular postural drainage and percussion is an integral part of the program. Pneumothorax, massive hemoptysis, cor pulmonale, and other complications may be encountered. Sinusitis is almost universal, and nasal polyposis is frequently present. Pancreatic insufficiency occurs in over 80 percent of the patients with cystic fibrosis and may result in intestinal malabsorption. Massive salt loss through the sweat in hot weather, a distinctive type of biliary cirrhosis without jaundice, gallbladder abnormalities, cholelithiasis, and diabetes mellitus also may be found. Of special importance are intestinal obstructive complications (meconium ileus in newborn infants with cystic fibrosis and intestinal obstruction due to fecal accumulation or intussusception in adults). Azoospermia is present in 95 percent of men and there is reduced fertility in women; however, pregnancy does occur in cystic fibrosis. This chronic and ultimately fatal disease produces a predictable set of psychosocial complications.
Coffee consumption and coronary heart disease risk using the Framingham risk score.; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Although concerns regarding the influence of coffee consumption on human health have accompanied the massive increase in coffee consumption, the effects of coffee intake on the risk for coronary heart disease (CHD) remain controversial. Therefore, we evaluated the association between coffee consumption and CHD risk as estimated using the Framingham risk model in Korean adults. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: This cross-sectional study involved 3,987 participants aged 30-74 years who participated in the fifth Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey conducted in 2010. The frequency of coffee consumption was self-reported and classified into 4 categories (non-drinker, 1, 2, and >=3 cups/day). The 10-year risk for CHD was determined from the Framingham risk score. RESULTS: Across the levels of coffee consumption, there were significant differences in the frequency of smoking among men and advanced age, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level, diabetes, and smoking among women. In the multiple logistic regression analyses, the adjusted odds ratios (95% CI) for >=20% 10-year CHD risk was 0.211 (0.060-0.745) for women who consumed >=3 cups of coffee per day compared with women who consumed <1 cup per day. For women, a significant dose-response inverse association between the level of coffee consumption and 10-year CHD risk persisted even after adjusting for multiple confounding factors. For the men, however, there was no significant association between coffee consumption and 10-year CHD risk. CONCLUSIONS: Coffee consumption is associated with a lower risk for CHD in Korean women.
Duration of lactation and maternal adipokines at 3 years postpartum.; OBJECTIVE: Lactation has been associated with reduced maternal risk of type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. We examined the relationship between breastfeeding duration and maternal adipokines at 3 years postpartum. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: We used linear regression to relate the duration of lactation to maternal leptin, adiponectin, ghrelin, and peptide YY (PYY) at 3 years postpartum among 570 participants with 3-year postpartum blood samples (178 fasting), prospectively collected lactation history, and no intervening pregnancy in Project Viva, a cohort study of mothers and children. RESULTS: A total of 88% of mothers had initiated breastfeeding, 26% had breastfed ≥ 12 months, and 42% had exclusively breastfed for ≥ 3 months. In multivariate analyses, we found that duration of total breastfeeding was directly related to PYY and ghrelin, and exclusive breastfeeding duration was directly related to ghrelin (predicted mean for never exclusively breastfeeding: 790.6 pg/mL vs. ≥ 6 months of exclusive breastfeeding: 1,008.1 pg/mL; P < 0.01) at 3 years postpartum, adjusting for pregravid BMI, gestational weight gain, family history of diabetes, parity, smoking status, and age. We found a nonlinear pattern of association between exclusive breastfeeding duration and adiponectin in multivariate-adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: In this prospective cohort study, we found a direct relationship between the duration of lactation and both ghrelin and PYY at 3 years postpartum.
Increased plasma N-glycome complexity is associated with higher risk of type 2 diabetes.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: Better understanding of type 2 diabetes and its prevention is a pressing need. Changes in human plasma N-glycome are associated with many diseases and represent promising diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. Variations in glucose metabolism directly affect glycosylation through the hexosamine pathway but studies of plasma glycome in type 2 diabetes are scarce. The aim of this study was to determine whether plasma protein N-glycome is changed in individuals who are at greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Using a chromatographic approach, we analysed N-linked glycans from plasma proteins in two populations comprising individuals with registered hyperglycaemia during critical illness (increased risk for development of type 2 diabetes) and individuals who stayed normoglycaemic during the same condition: AcuteInflammation (59 cases vs 49 controls) and AcuteInflammation Replication (52 cases vs 14 controls) populations. N-glycome was also studied in individuals from FinRisk (37 incident cases of type 2 diabetes collected at baseline vs 37 controls), Orkney Complex Disease Study (ORCADES; 94 individuals with HbA(1c) > 6.5% [47.5 mmol/mol] vs 658 controls) and Southall and Brent Revisited (SABRE) cohort studies (307 individuals with HbA(1c) > 6.5% [47.5 mmol/mol] vs 307 controls). RESULTS: Individuals with increased risk for diabetes type 2 development (AcuteInflammation and AcuteInflammation Replication populations), incident cases of type 2 diabetes collected at baseline (FinRisk population) and individuals with elevated HbA(1c) (ORCADES and SABRE populations) all presented with increased branching, galactosylation and sialylation of plasma protein N-glycans and these changes were of similar magnitude. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: Increased complexity of plasma N-glycan structures is associated with higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and poorer regulation of blood glucose levels. Although further research is needed, this finding could offer a potential new approach for improvement in prevention of diabetes and its complications.
[The influence of present therapeutic methods and especially of beta-blockers on fetal and maternal prognosis in hypertensive syndromes in pregnancy. 43 case records (author's transl)].; The authors studied 43 cases of arterial hypertension in pregnancy in an attempt to determine the efficiency and safety of different anti-hypertensive drugs. The patients were divided into two major groups: arterial hypertension which revealed itself during pregnancy (true toxaemias of pregnancy and relapsing toxaemias), and arterial hypertensions which were added on to a pre-existing pathology (arterial hypertension, diabetes, chronic nephritis). The cases in these different classes were then divided into two definite groups according to the need for therapy: the first group was treated by rest and hydrallazine as a single therapeutic agent. In the second group multiple agents were needed because of the arterial hypertension, and one was a beta-blocker. Complications were found particularly in the second group of true toxaemias of pregnancy where unfortunately 5 fetal deaths occurred that were attributable to the severity of the hypertension more than to the beta-blockers, which were administered for longer and in higher doses without major complications in recurrent toxaemias and pre-existing arterial hypertension cases.
Role of leptin as a link between metabolism and the immune system.; Leptin is an adipocyte-derived hormone not only with an important role in the central control of energy metabolism, but also with many pleiotropic effects in different physiological systems. One of these peripheral functions of leptin is a regulatory role in the interplay between energy metabolism and the immune system, being a cornerstone of the new field of immunometabolism. Leptin receptor is expressed throughout the immune system and the regulatory effects of leptin include cells from both the innate and adaptive immune system. Leptin is one of the adipokines responsible for the inflammatory state found in obesity that predisposes not only to type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease, but also to autoimmune and allergic diseases. Leptin is an important mediator of the immunosuppressive state in undernutrition status. Placenta is the second source of leptin and it may play a role in the immunomodulation during pregnancy. Finally, recent work has pointed to the participation of leptin and leptin receptor in the pathophysiology of inflammation in oral biology. Therefore, leptin and leptin receptor should be considered for investigation as a marker of inflammation and immune activation in the frontier of innate-adaptive system, and as possible targets for intervention in the immunometabolic mediated pathophysiology.
Supporting healthful lifestyles during pregnancy: a health coach intervention pilot study.; BACKGROUND: Excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) is associated with adverse health outcomes in both the mother and child. Many previous lifestyle interventions in women with excess weight during pregnancy encouraging appropriate GWG have been unsuccessful, and there remains no consensus about the content, format, or theoretical framework of GWG interventions. We assessed the feasibility and acceptability of a remote health coach intervention to promote healthful lifestyle behaviors and appropriate GWG among overweight pregnant women. METHODS: At one northeastern US clinic, we enrolled 30 overweight (pre-pregnancy BMI ≥ 25 kg/m(2)) pregnant women at a median gestation of 12.5 weeks (IQR: 11-15) into a one-arm trial. We connected participants with a health coach to provide behavioral support to help participants adopt healthful lifestyles during pregnancy. Health coaches contacted participants by phone every 2-3 weeks to monitor goals, and sent emails and text messages between calls. Participants completed baseline (N = 30) and follow-up (N = 26) surveys at the end of the intervention (36 weeks gestation), as well as follow-up phone interviews (N = 18). RESULTS: Among 30 participants, median age was 32 years (IQR: 28-33), median self-reported pre-pregnancy BMI was 27.3 kg/m(2) (IQR: 25.7-31.1), and 17/30 were white, 9/30 African-American, and 3/30 Asian. Three-quarters (22/29) of participants completed at least a college degree. Although 25/30 participants reported in baseline surveys that they worried about being able to lose the weight postpartum that they expected to gain during pregnancy, just 12/26 participants reported the same at follow-up (P < 0.001). In follow-up surveys, 21/26 participants reported that health coaches were helpful in keeping them motivated, and 22/26 thought the phone conversations helped them face problems and find solutions. Based on qualitative assessment, several themes emerged in follow-up interviews about the quality of the intervention including accountability and support from health coaches. Participants also expressed desire for more visual resources and integration with standard clinical care to improve the intervention. CONCLUSIONS: We demonstrated feasibility and high participant satisfaction with our remote health coach intervention during pregnancy. We identified areas in which we could refine the intervention for inclusion in a full-scale RCT, such as integration with clinical care and additional visual resources. TRIAL REGISTRATION: Retrospectively registered at ClinicalTrials.gov ( NCT03080064 , 3/14/2017).
Apical Periodontitis in Vital and Nonvital Teeth: Clinical and Radiographic Features.; Apical periodontitis (AP) is a common inflammatory condition predominantly caused by the response of the immune system to microbial invasion within the root canal system. Contrary to conventional perception, AP may occur in vital teeth with inflamed pulp; adding complexity to diagnosis and treatment. AP, due to its frequent lack of symptoms and reliance on radiographic evaluation for detection, often presents diagnostic challenges. In addition, AP pathogenesis involves complex interactions between microbial virulence and host immune response at the cellular and molecular levels. Comprehensive diagnostic procedures, including patient history, clinical examination, and radiographic evaluation, are essential for early detection and necessary intervention, with the recognition of clinical signs and symptoms underscoring the importance of regular dental evaluations. The current review primarily discusses the radiographic and clinical features of AP in vital and non-vital teeth; introducing a new taxonomic classification to improve diagnostic precision and treatment outcomes. Moreover, it proposes different treatment categories/options for the management of AP, based on pulp status as well as clinical and radiographic findings; emphasizing vital pulp therapy and root canal treatment for vital and non-vital teeth with AP, respectively. Furthermore, the global and regional epidemiology of AP is presented, along with its association with systemic health conditions; e.g., cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Moreover, future research directions are advocated to improve the efficacy and predictability of diagnosis and treatments; paving the path for clinicians in early detection, accurate diagnosis, and effective management of AP to enhance oral health outcomes.
Acromegaly: a review of 100 cases.; Clinical and pathological findings in 100 cases of acromegaly were reviewed. Great individual variation in manifestations of the disease was apparent. The chronic course was evidenced by 30 patients presenting symptoms unrelated to acromegaly. Headache, visual disturbances, arthritis and elevated blood pressure were common. The incidence of diabetes mellitus, thyroid and adrenal dysfunction was similar to that reported in other series. Gonadal disturbances were frequent. Two patients had galactorrhea and two had hyperparathyroidism. Radiologically, pituitary fossae were normal in 24. Pituitary histology in 29 cases revealed four eosinophilic adenomas, but most were mixed eosinophilic-chromophobic. Fifty-two patients received radiation therapy. Rhinorrhea and optic nerve fibrosis were seen in this group. Twenty-four patients were operated upon, with no operative deaths since 1945 and no morbidity since 1952. Visual failure was the clearest indication for surgery. Treatment will be difficult to evaluate until an index of growth hormone secretion is generally available.
Management of X-linked hypophosphatemia in adults.; X-linked hypophosphatemia (XLH) is caused by mutations in the PHEX gene which result in Fibroblast Growth Factor-23 (FG-F23) excess and phosphate wasting. Clinically, XLH children present with rickets, bone deformities and short stature. In adulthood, patients may still be symptomatic with bone and joint pain, osteomalacia-related fractures or pseudofractures, precocious osteoarthrosis, enthesopathy, muscle weakness and severe dental anomalies. Besides these musculoskeletal and dental manifestations, adult XLH patients are also prone to secondary and tertiary hyperparathyroidism, cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. Pathophysiology of hyperparathyroidism is only partially understood but FGF23 excess and deficient production of calcitriol likely contributes to its development. Similarly, the pathophysiological mechanisms of potential cardiovascular and metabolic involvements are not clear, but FGF-23 excess may play an essential role. Treatment should be considered in symptomatic patients, patients undergoing orthopedic or dental surgery and women during pregnancy and lactation. Treatment with oral phosphate salts and active vitamin D analogs has incomplete efficacy and potential risks. Burosumab, a recombinant human monoclonal antibody against FGF-23, has proven its efficacy in phase 2 and phase 3 clinical trials in adult patients with XLH, but currently its position as first line or second line treatment differ among the countries.
In utero life and epigenetic predisposition for disease.; Regulatory regions of the human genome can be modified through epigenetic processes during prenatal life to make an individual more likely to suffer chronic diseases when they reach adulthood. The modification of chromatin and DNA contributes to a larger well-documented process known as "programming" whereby stressors in the womb give rise to adult onset diseases, including cancer. It is now well known that death from ischemic heart disease is related to birth weight; the lower the birth weight, the higher the risk of death from cardiovascular disease as well as type 2 diabetes and osteoporosis. Recent epidemiological data link rapid growth in the womb to metabolic disease and obesity and also to breast and lung cancers. There is increasing evidence that "marked" regions of DNA can become "unmarked" under the influence of dietary nutrients. This gives hope for reversing propensities for cancers and other diseases that were acquired in the womb. For several cancers, the size and shape of the placenta are associated with a person's cardiovascular and cancer risks as are maternal body mass index and height. The features of placental growth and nutrient transport properties that lead to adult disease have been little studied. In conclusion, several cancers have their origins in the womb, including lung and breast cancer. More research is needed to determine the epigenetic processes that underlie the programming of these diseases.
Periodontal-systemic disease education in United States dental hygiene programs.; The relationship between periodontal disease and systemic disease has gained much attention in recent years in the dental profession and from national health care agencies. Two third-party providers are now modifying their dental reimbursements for patients who have periodontal disease and are pregnant or have cardiovascular disease. However, there are few reports in the dental or dental hygiene literature about how students are taught this information and how it is incorporated into the didactic and clinical aspects of the curriculum. A thirty-item survey and cover letter on these subjects were emailed to the directors of the 286 accredited dental hygiene programs in the United States in 2007. The response rate was 63 percent. According to these responses, the three most emphasized topics regarding oral-systemic disease are diabetes, tobacco use, and cardiovascular disease. Most programs (90 percent) use journal articles for instructional content, and 87 percent use the American Academy of Periodontology website for reference. Only 4 percent have content taught jointly with nursing, medical, or allied health students. The majority of directors (87 percent) indicated they could use more evidence-based educational materials to help teach the concepts to students. Only 9 percent of survey respondents thought that nurses and physicians are knowledgeable about the relationship of oral health to systemic disease. The findings indicate that dental hygiene program directors are confident about the education on oral-systemic content provided to their dental hygiene students, but would like additional evidence-based materials to help their students learn this topic.
Diabetes mellitus in the 21 years after a pregnancy that was complicated by hypertension: findings from a prospective cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and self-reported diabetes mellitus 21 years after delivery. STUDY DESIGN: The Mater-University of Queensland Study is a prospective cohort study of women who received antenatal care at a major public hospital in Brisbane, Australia, between 1981 and 1984; 3639 women who completed the questionnaire at 21 years postpartum were included. RESULTS: Of the women without HDP, 7.4% reported a diagnosis of diabetes mellitus compared with 15.3% of the women with HDP (unadjusted odds ratio [OR], 2.03; 95% CI, 1.42, 2.91). After adjustment for all potentially explanatory variables, only prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and BMI at 21 years after delivery resulted in attenuation of the association (fully adjusted OR, 1.76; 95% CI, 1.21, 2.56). In a smaller subgroup, waist circumference and BMI at 21 years had similar effects on point estimates (fully adjusted OR with BMI, 1.64 [95% CI, 1.11, 2.42]; fully adjusted OR with waist, 1.60 [95% CI, 1.08, 2.40]). CONCLUSION: HDP are associated with reported diagnosis of diabetes mellitus 21 years after delivery.
Fetal and maternal peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma2 Pro12Ala does not influence birth weight.; The association between the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)gamma2 Pro12Ala polymorphism and insulin resistance is reported to depend on low birth weight. Low birth weight itself has been linked to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. We assessed whether the PPARgamma2 Pro12Ala polymorphism determines body size at birth and whether metabolic differences between the genotypes are already detectable in the newborn. This study was conducted at the obstetrics department of the Charité, Berlin, Germany. One thousand nine hundred thirty white woman/child pairs were consecutively included and genotyped. The newborn's weight, length, and head circumference were measured. Total glycated hemoglobin in blood served as a surrogate of fetal insulin resistance and glucose use. We found that neither the fetal nor the maternal Pro12Ala genotype determined body size or total glycated hemoglobin at birth. The results suggest that the PPARgamma2 Pro12Ala polymorphism is not relevant for intrauterine growth. Previously reported effects of PPARgamma2 Pro12Ala on insulin resistance seem to arise later in life.
Risk factors associated with diabetic macular edema.; Diabetic macular edema (DME) is the most common cause of vision loss in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Glycemic control, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are known to be important risks factors for DME. In addition, nephropathy, anemia, sleep apnea, glitazone usage, and pregnancy are also important modifiable risk factors. It is important for physicians of different subspecialties to work together and understand multiple aspects of DME and diabetic healthcare.
Metabolic imprinting, programming and epigenetics - a review of present priorities and future opportunities.; Metabolic programming and metabolic imprinting describe early life events, which impact upon on later physiological outcomes. Despite the increasing numbers of papers and studies, the distinction between metabolic programming and metabolic imprinting remains confusing. The former can be defined as a dynamic process whose effects are dependent upon a critical window(s) while the latter can be more strictly associated with imprinting at the genomic level. The clinical end points associated with these phenomena can sometimes be mechanistically explicable in terms of gene expression mediated by epigenetics. The predictivity of outcomes depends on determining if there is causality or association in the context of both early dietary exposure and future health parameters. The use of biomarkers is a key aspect of determining the predictability of later outcome, and the strengths of particular types of biomarkers need to be determined. It has become clear that several important health endpoints are impacted upon by metabolic programming/imprinting. These include the link between perinatal nutrition, nutritional epigenetics and programming at an early developmental stage and its link to a range of future health risks such as CVD and diabetes. In some cases, the evidence base remains patchy and associative, while in others, a more direct causality between early nutrition and later health is clear. In addition, it is also essential to acknowledge the communication to consumers, industry, health care providers, policy-making bodies as well as to the scientific community. In this way, both programming and, eventually, reprogramming can become effective tools to improve health through dietary intervention at specific developmental points.
Maternal high-fat diet results in cognitive impairment and hippocampal gene expression changes in rat offspring.; Consumption of a high-fat diet has long been known to increase risk for obesity, diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome. Further evidence strongly suggests that these same metabolic disorders are associated with an increased risk of cognitive impairment later in life. Now faced with an expanding global burden of obesity and increasing prevalence of dementia due to an aging population, understanding the effects of high-fat diet consumption on cognition is of increasingly critical importance. Further, the developmental origins of many adult onset neuropsychiatric disorders have become increasingly clear, indicating a need to investigate effects of various risk factors, including diet, across the lifespan. Here, we use a rat model to assess the effects of maternal diet during pregnancy and lactation on cognition and hippocampal gene expression of offspring. Behaviorally, adult male offspring of high-fat fed dams had impaired object recognition memory and impaired spatial memory compared to offspring of chow-fed dams. In hippocampus, we found decreased expression of Insr, Lepr, and Slc2a1 (GLUT1) among offspring of high-fat fed dams at postnatal day 21. The decreased expression of Insr and Lepr persisted at postnatal day 150. Together, these data provide additional evidence to suggest that maternal exposure to high-fat diet during pregnancy and lactation can have lasting effects on the brain, behavior, and cognition on adult offspring.
Insulin restores glucose inhibition of adenosine transport by increasing the expression and activity of the equilibrative nucleoside transporter 2 in human umbilical vein endothelium.; L-Arginine transport and nitric oxide (NO) synthesis (L-arginine/NO pathway) are stimulated by insulin, adenosine or elevated extracellular D-glucose in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). Adenosine uptake via the human equilibrative nucleoside transporters 1 (hENT1) and 2 (hENT2) has been proposed as a mechanism regulating adenosine plasma concentration, and therefore its vascular effects in human umbilical veins. Thus, altered expression and/or activity of hENT1 or hENT2 could lead to abnormal physiological plasma adenosine level. We have characterized insulin effect on adenosine transport in HUVEC cultured in normal (5 mM) or high (25 mM) D-glucose. Insulin (1 nM) increased overall adenosine transport associated with higher hENT2-, but lower hENT1-mediated transport in normal D-glucose. Insulin increased hENT2 protein abundance in normal or high D-glucose, but reduced hENT1 protein abundance in normal D-glucose. Insulin did not alter the reduced hENT1 protein abundance, but blocked the reduced hENT1 and hENT2 mRNA expression induced by high D-glucose. Insulin effect on hENT1 mRNA expression in normal D-glucose was blocked by N(G)-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester (L-NAME, NO synthase inhibitor) and mimicked by S-nitroso-N-acetyl-L,D-penicillamine (SNAP, NO donor). L-NAME did not block insulin effect on hENT2 expression. In conclusion, insulin stimulation of overall adenosine transport results from increased hENT2 expression and activity via a NO-independent mechanism. These findings could be important in hyperglycemia-associated pathological pregnancies, such as gestational diabetes, where plasma adenosine removal by the endothelium is reduced, a condition that could alter the blood flow from the placenta to the fetus affecting fetus growth and development.
Sirt1-PPARS Cross-Talk in Complex Metabolic Diseases and Inherited Disorders of the One Carbon Metabolism.; Sirtuin1 (Sirt1) has a NAD (+) binding domain and modulates the acetylation status of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator-1α (PGC1α) and Fork Head Box O1 transcription factor (Foxo1) according to the nutritional status. Sirt1 is decreased in obese patients and increased in weight loss. Its decreased expression explains part of the pathomechanisms of the metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus type 2 (DT2), cardiovascular diseases and nonalcoholic liver disease. Sirt1 plays an important role in the differentiation of adipocytes and in insulin signaling regulated by Foxo1 and phosphatidylinositol 3'-kinase (PI3K) signaling. Its overexpression attenuates inflammation and macrophage infiltration induced by a high fat diet. Its decreased expression plays a prominent role in the heart, liver and brain of rat as manifestations of fetal programming produced by deficit in vitamin B12 and folate during pregnancy and lactation through imbalanced methylation/acetylation of PGC1α and altered expression and methylation of nuclear receptors. The decreased expression of Sirt1 produced by impaired cellular availability of vitamin B12 results from endoplasmic reticulum stress through subcellular mislocalization of ELAVL1/HuR protein that shuttles Sirt1 mRNA between the nucleus and cytoplasm. Preclinical and clinical studies of Sirt1 agonists have produced contrasted results in the treatment of the metabolic syndrome. A preclinical study has produced promising results in the treatment of inherited disorders of vitamin B12 metabolism.
Alström Syndrome.; CLINICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Alström syndrome is characterized by cone-rod dystrophy, obesity, progressive bilateral sensorineural hearing impairment, acute infantile-onset cardiomyopathy and/or adolescent- or adult-onset restrictive cardiomyopathy, insulin resistance / type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and chronic progressive kidney disease. Cone-rod dystrophy presents as progressive visual impairment, photophobia, and nystagmus usually starting between birth and age 15 months. Many individuals lose all perception of light by the end of the second decade, but a minority retain the ability to read large print into the third decade. Children usually have normal birth weight but develop truncal obesity during their first year. Sensorineural hearing loss presents in the first decade in as many as 70% of individuals and may progress to the severe or moderately severe range (40-70 db) by the end of the first to second decade. Insulin resistance is typically accompanied by the skin changes of acanthosis nigricans, and proceeds to T2DM in the majority by the third decade. Nearly all demonstrate hypertriglyceridemia. Other findings can include endocrine abnormalities (hypothyroidism, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism in males, and hyperandrogenism in females), urologic dysfunction / detrusor instability, progressive decrease in renal function, and hepatic disease (ranging from elevated transaminases to steatohepatitis/NAFLD). Approximately 20% of affected individuals have delay in early developmental milestones, most commonly in gross and fine motor skills. About 30% have a learning disability. Cognitive impairment (IQ <70) is very rare. Wide clinical variability is observed among affected individuals, even within the same family. DIAGNOSIS/TESTING: The clinical diagnosis of Alström syndrome is based on cardinal clinical features that emerge throughout infancy, childhood, and young adulthood. The molecular diagnosis of Alström syndrome is established in individuals of all ages by identification of biallelic pathogenic variants in ALMS1 on molecular genetic testing. MANAGEMENT: Treatment of manifestations: No therapy exists to prevent the progressive organ involvement of Alström syndrome. Individuals with Alström syndrome require coordinated multidisciplinary care to formulate management and therapeutic interventions. Red-orange tinted prescription lenses may reduce symptoms of photodysphoria; early educational planning should be based on the certainty of blindness. Obesity and insulin resistance are managed by a healthful, reduced-calorie diet with restricted simple carbohydrate intake and regular aerobic exercise. Myringotomy and/or hearing aids as needed for hearing impairment. Standard therapy for heart failure / cardiomyopathy. Standard treatment of insulin resistance / T2DM as in the general population. Consider nicotinic acid derivatives for hyperlipidemia; consultation with an endocrinologist if pubertal development and/or menses are abnormal; urinary diversion or self-catheterization in those with voiding difficulties; renal transplantation has been successful in a number of cases; appropriate therapy for portal hypertension and esophageal varices. Surveillance: Routine assessment of vision and hearing; weight, height, and body mass index; heart (including echocardiography and EKG in all individuals, and MRI in those age >18 years); postprandial c-peptide and glucose and HbA1C starting at age four years; lipid profile; plasma ALT, AST, and GGT concentrations; thyroid function. Twice-yearly CBC, electrolytes, BUN, creatinine, cystatin-C, uric acid, urinalysis. Renal and bladder ultrasound examinations every one to two years if symptomatic and/or if urinalysis is abnormal. Agents/circumstances to avoid: Any substance contraindicated in persons with renal, hepatic, and/or myocardial disease. Therapy directed at one system may have adverse effects on other systems; for example, the use of glitazone therapy in diabetes mellitus is contraindicated in the presence of cardiac failure. Evaluation of relatives at risk: It is appropriate to clarify the genetic status of apparently asymptomatic older and younger at-risk sibs of an individual with Alström syndrome in order to identify as early as possible those who would benefit from prompt evaluation for manifestations of Alström syndrome, initiation of treatment, and/or surveillance for age-related manifestations. GENETIC COUNSELING: Alström syndrome is inherited in an autosomal recessive manner. At conception, each sib of an affected individual has a 25% chance of being affected, a 50% chance of being an asymptomatic carrier, and a 25% chance of being unaffected and not a carrier. When the ALMS1 pathogenic variants have been identified in an affected family member, carrier testing for at-risk relatives, prenatal testing for a pregnancy at increased risk, and preimplantation genetic testing are possible.
Prepregnancy Counseling Among U.S. Women With Diabetes and Hypertension, 2016-2018.; INTRODUCTION: Individuals who have diabetes or hypertension established before pregnancy are at increased risk for maternal and infant health complications. Guidelines recommend that providers deliver prepregnancy counseling, but little is known about the receipt of those services among patients with chronic conditions. METHODS: Data from the 2016-2018 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System, a population-based survey among women with recent live births, were used. Self-reported receipt of prepregnancy counseling on folic acid supplementation, pregnancy desire, contraceptive use, and improving health before pregnancy was examined overall and by diabetes and hypertension status. Multivariable logistic regression examined the association between diabetes and hypertension status and the 4 prepregnancy counseling outcomes. Analyses were conducted in 2020. RESULTS: Overall, 2.1% of women reported having both diabetes and hypertension, 1.3% reported having diabetes alone, and 3.1% reported having hypertension alone. Less than half of the sample reported receiving each prepregnancy counseling outcome. In adjusted models, women with hypertension alone were more likely to report each counseling outcome than women without diabetes or hypertension. Women with diabetes alone were only more likely to report receiving counseling about improving health, and women with both conditions were not more likely to report the receipt of any counseling outcome under study. CONCLUSIONS: Women with prepregnancy diabetes, hypertension, or both reported low levels of the recommended prepregnancy counseling, suggesting an evidence-practice gap that should be addressed to optimize maternal and infant health outcomes. There is a need for evidence-based and patient-centered models of prepregnancy counseling for those with diabetes and hypertension.
ACOG practice bulletin. Antepartum fetal surveillance. Number 9, October 1999 (replaces Technical Bulletin Number 188, January 1994). Clinical management guidelines for obstetrician-gynecologists.; The goal of antepartum fetal surveillance is to prevent fetal death. Antepartum fetal surveillance techniques based on assessment of fetal heart rate patterns have been in clinical use for almost three decades. More recently, real-time ultrasonography and Doppler velocimetry have been used to evaluate fetal well-being. Antepartum fetal surveillance techniques are now routinely used to assess the risk of fetal death in pregnancies complicated by preexisting maternal conditions (e.g., type 1 diabetes mellitus) as well as those in which complications have developed (e.g., intrauterine growth restriction). This document will review the current indications for and techniques of antepartum fetal surveillance and outline management guidelines for antepartum fetal surveillance, consistent with the best contemporary scientific evidence.
Neighborhood location and nutritional resources as a risk factor for congenital heart disease in the fetus.; BACKGROUND: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect, influenced by maternal health, environmental conditions, and genetics. Maternal health and nutrition, particularly maternal diabetes, is a modifiable risk factor for development of CHD in the fetus. However, the importance of food access during pregnancy on the development of CHD remains unknown. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between maternal neighborhood characteristics, particularly food access, and occurrence of prenatally diagnosed CHD. METHODS: A retrospective case series studied maternal-fetal dyads with prenatally diagnosed CHD between 2019 and 2021 in Washington, DC. Moran's I of maternal addresses evaluated geographic clustering of disease. Negative binomial regression assessed association between census tract demographics and population-adjusted CHD rate. RESULTS: A total of 307 dyads were analyzed. Global Moran's I showed significant CHD clustering (p-value = .004). However, degree of clustering was not clinically meaningful. After adjusting for neighborhood socioeconomic status, residing in food deserts was not a predictor for CHD. However, neighborhoods with a higher percentage of households receiving Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits were associated with higher rates of conotruncal heart defects (Incident Rate Ratio [IRR] = 1.04, CI = 1.01-1.08) and aggregate CHD (IRR = 1.03, CI = 1.01-1.05). CONCLUSIONS: Neighborhood location and food access were not associated with CHD. However, increased enrollment in SNAP was associated with higher rates of CHD. The association between CHD and SNAP benefits warrants further exploration. Understanding food access and maternal nutrition may illuminate disparities in the burden of CHD.
Evidence from twin study implies possible genetic susceptibility to bronchopulmonary dysplasia.; To investigate the possibility that susceptibility to bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) is affected by genetic factors, we analyzed risk factors for BPD in 108 twin pairs of infants having birth weight < or = 1,500 g. When BPD occurred in a first born twin (n = 23), it also occurred in 65% (n = 15) of the second born twins, and when BPD did not occur in the first twin (n = 85), it only occurred in 8% (n = 7) of the second twins (crude odds ratio = 20.9). After adjusting for potentially significant risk factors including birth weight, gestational age, gender, diagnosis of hyaline membrane disease, pneumothorax, symptomatic patent ductus arteriosus, and year of admission, using multiple logistic regression on the entire database (1,872 admissions < or = 1,500 g), BPD status of a first twin remained a highly significant predictor of BPD in the second twin (adjusted odds ratio = 12.3, P < .001). Other factors including birth order of twins, twin gestation, inborn/outborn status, cesarean section delivery, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, maternal race, maternal diabetes, and antepartum corticosteroid treatment were not significant predictors of BPD. These results are consistent with genetic factors affecting the susceptibility of very low birth weight premature infants to BPD, but we cannot exclude the possibility that factors not included in our analysis are also involved.
Fatty acids and pregnancy-induced hypertension: a Mendelian randomization study.; BACKGROUND: It is well known that pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) contributes significantly to the mortality rates of both mothers and babies during pregnancy. The relationship between fatty acids (FAs) and PIH remains debatable, with the causality between the two yet to be definitively established. METHODS: Two-sample univariable and multivariable Mendelian Randomization (MR) analyses were executed, based on pooled data from Genome-Wide Association Studies (GWAS), to investigate any causal impact of FAs on PIH. A suite of methods was employed to assess causality, including inverse variance weighting (IVW), weighted median, MR Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode. Subsequently, the data underwent a sensitivity analysis (using Leave-One-Out analysis), a heterogeneity test (with MR-PRESSO and Cochran's Q test), as well as a multiple validity test (using MR-Egger regression). In multivariable analyses, fatty acids were first grouped to observe the effect of individual FAs on PIH. Subsequently, factors such as diabetes, high blood pressure, and body mass index (BMI) were incorporated into a multivariable examination of the impact of each FA on PIH. During this process, the IVW, weighted median, MR-Lasso, and MR-Egger methods were employed. RESULTS: A systematic investigation was conducted into the causal impact of each FA on PIH. The findings indicated that Polyunsaturated Fatty Acids (PUFA), Omega3, the ratio of Omega6 to Omega3, and Docosahexaenoic Acid (DHA) have a causal relationship with PIH. Increases in PUFA, Omega3, and DHA could potentially reduce the risk of PIH, while an increase in the Omega6/Omega3 ratio could heighten the risk. The impacts of other FAs (including Total Fatty Acids, Monounsaturated Fatty Acids (MUFA), Saturated Fatty Acids (SFA), and Omega 6) on PIH were not substantiated by the MR analysis. In the univariate leave-one-out analysis, rs174564 was identified in PUFA, Omega3, and DHA as having a significant role. The tests with MR-Egger and MR-PRESSO found that the results were not influenced by pleiotropy and heterogeneity. After adjusting for BMI, Diabetes Mellitus, and pre-existing hypertension in the multivariable analysis, the results mirrored those obtained univariable. CONCLUSION: The research implies that elevated levels of circulating PUFA, DHA, and Omega3 may serve as a protective mechanism against PIH, while higher Omega6/Omega3 ratios could potentially increase the risk of PIH. These findings may inform clinical strategies for PIH prevention.
Deaths: Leading Causes for 2015.; Objectives-This report presents final 2015 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements "Deaths: Final Data for 2015," the National Center for Health Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. Methods-Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2015. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. Results-In 2015, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Cerebrovascular diseases; Alzheimer's disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). They accounted for 74% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2015 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Prenatal exercise and cardiovascular health (PEACH) study: the remote effect of aerobic exercise training on conduit artery and resistance vessel function.; We assessed the impact of a structured lower-limb aerobic exercise training intervention during pregnancy on brachial artery endothelial function, shear rate and patterns, and forearm blood flow and reactive hyperemia. Twenty-seven pregnant women were recruited and randomized into either a control group (n = 11; 31.0 ± 0.7 years), or an exercise intervention group (n = 16; 32.6 ± 0.9 years). The exercise group completed 40 minutes of aerobic exercise (50-70% heart rate reserve) 3-4 times per week, between the second and third trimester of pregnancy. Endothelial function was assessed using flow-mediated dilation (FMD, normalized for shear stress) at pre- (16-20 weeks) and post-intervention (34-36 weeks). The exercise training group experienced an attenuated increase in mean arterial pressure (MAP) relative to the control group (ΔMAP exercise: +2 ± 2 mm Hg vs. control: +7 ± 3 mm Hg; p = 0.044) from pre- to post-intervention. % FMD change corrected for shear stress was not different between groups (p = 0.460); however, the post-occlusion mean flow rate (exercise: 437 ± 32 mL/min vs. control: 364 ± 35 mL/min; p = 0.001) and post-occlusion anterograde flow rate (exercise: 438 ± 32 mL/min vs. control: 364 ± 46 mL/min; p = 0.001) were larger for the exercise training group compared with controls, post-intervention. Although endothelial function was not different between groups, we observed an increase in microcirculatory dilatory capacity, as suggested by the augmented reactive hyperemia in the exercise training group. Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02948439. Novelty: Endothelial function was not altered with exercise training during pregnancy. Exercise training did contribute to improved cardiovascular outcomes, which may have been associated with augmented reactive hyperemia, indicative of increased microcirculatory dilatory capacity.
Low-dose aspirin is associated with reduced spontaneous preterm birth in nulliparous women.; BACKGROUND: Preterm birth is one of the leading causes of perinatal morbidity and mortality. Clinical data suggest that low-dose aspirin may decrease the rate of overall preterm birth, but investigators have speculated that this is likely due to a decrease in medically indicated preterm birth through its effect on the incidence of preeclampsia and other placental disease. We hypothesized that low-dose aspirin may also have an impact on the mechanism of spontaneous preterm labor. OBJECTIVE: Our objective was to determine whether low-dose aspirin reduces the rate of spontaneous preterm birth in nulliparous women without medical comorbidities. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of low-dose aspirin for the prevention of preeclampsia in healthy, low-risk, nulliparous women. Low-risk women were defined by the absence of hypertension, renal disease, diabetes, other endocrine disorders, seizures, heart disease, or collagen vascular disease. Our study was limited to singleton, nonanomalous gestations. Women were eligible if they had prior pregnancy terminations but not prior spontaneous pregnancy loss <20 weeks. Current pregnancies that resulted in a loss or termination <20 weeks or antepartum stillbirth or had missing follow-up data were excluded. The treatment intervention was 60 mg of aspirin, initiated at 13-25 weeks' gestation or matching placebo. The primary outcome was spontaneous preterm birth <34 weeks' gestation. Secondary outcomes included spontaneous preterm birth <37 weeks and overall preterm birth <37 and <34 weeks. Baseline demographics and primary and secondary outcomes were compared between treatment groups. A logistic regression model was used to adjust for confounders related to spontaneous preterm birth. RESULTS: Of 2543 included women, 1262 (49.6%) received low-dose aspirin and 1281 (50.4%) placebo. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups, except for marital status. The rate of spontaneous preterm birth <34 weeks was 1.03% (n = 13) and 2.34% (n = 30) in the low-dose aspirin and placebo group, respectively (odds ratio, 0.43, 95% confidence interval, 0.26-0.84). Additionally, the rate of spontaneous preterm birth <37 weeks was 6.58% (n = 83) in the low-dose aspirin group and 7.03% (n = 90) in the placebo group (odds ratio, 0.97, 95% confidence interval, 0.71-1.33), and the rate of overall preterm birth <37 weeks was 7.84% (n = 99) in the low-dose aspirin group and 8.2% (n = 105) in the placebo group (odds ratio, 0.97, 95% confidence interval, 0.72-1.31). After adjustment for variables that were clinically relevant or statistically significant, including body mass index, race, tobacco use, marital status, and education level, there was a significant reduction in spontaneous preterm birth <34 weeks in the low-dose aspirin group (adjusted odds ratio, 0.46, 95% confidence interval, 0.23-0.89). The rates of overall preterm birth <34 and <37 weeks and spontaneous preterm birth <37 weeks were similar in women who received low-dose aspirin compared with placebo. CONCLUSION: Low-dose aspirin is associated with a substantial decrease in spontaneous preterm birth <34 weeks in healthy nulliparous women without comorbidities. These findings suggest a new therapeutic option for preterm birth prevention that requires further study.
Measurement of prethrombotic markers in the assessment of acquired hypercoagulable states.; Hypercoagulable states can be detected by measuring activation peptides, enzyme-inhibitor complexes, and fibrin/fibrinogen degradation products, which are markers of hemostatic activation. A series of these prethrombotic markers has been evaluated in the elderly, pregnancy, diabetes and acute myocardial infarction patients (n=30 in each group) as well as in hematologic malignancies (n=42). The parameters assayed were: prothrombin fragment 1+2 (F1+2), thrombin-antithrombin III complexes (TAT), fibrinopeptide A (FPA), plasmin-alpha2 antiplasmin complexes (PAP) and D-Dimer. Results were compared with those obtained in a group of 30 healthy subjects. We found a significant increase of F1+2, TAT and FPA in elderly (p<0.05), acute myocardial infarction (AMI) (p<0.01), hematologic malignancies (p<0.01), and pregnancy (p<0.0001), indicating a marked clotting activation. Diabetic patients under strict metabolic control only presented a moderate increase of TAT (p<0.05), suggesting a slight activation. We also observed a highly significant elevation of PAP and D-Dimer in elderly (p<0.001), AMI (p<0.0001), and malignancy (p<0.0001), indicating an activation of the fibrinolytic system. The combination of selected fibrinolytic and coagulation measurements is useful for the detection of a hypercoagulable state in conditions characterized by a risk of thrombosis.
Deaths: leading causes for 2010.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2010 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the Division of Vital Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2010. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULTS: In 2010, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Cerebrovascular diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Alzheimer's disease; Diabetes mellitus; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; Influenza and pneumonia; and Intentional self-harm (suicide). These 10 causes accounted for 75% of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2010 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Necrotizing enterocolitis of newborn. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and post-neonatal periods.
Deaths: leading causes for 2007.; OBJECTIVES: This report presents final 2007 data on the 10 leading causes of death in the United States by age, race, sex, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant, neonatal, and postneonatal death are also presented. This report supplements the Division of Vital Statistics' annual report of final mortality statistics. METHODS: Data in this report are based on information from all death certificates filed in the 50 states and the District of Columbia in 2007. Causes of death classified by the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision (ICD-10) are ranked according to the number of deaths assigned to rankable causes. Cause-of-death statistics are based on the underlying cause of death. RESULTS: In 2007, the 10 leading causes of death were, in rank order: Diseases of heart; Malignant neoplasms; Cerebrovascular diseases; Chronic lower respiratory diseases; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Alzheimer's disease; Diabetes mellitus; Influenza and pneumonia; Nephritis, nephrotic syndrome and nephrosis; and Septicemia. They accounted for approximately 76 percent of all deaths occurring in the United States. Differences in the rankings are evident by age, sex, race, and Hispanic origin. Leading causes of infant death for 2007 were, in rank order: Congenital malformations, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities; Disorders related to short gestation and low birth weight, not elsewhere classified; Sudden infant death syndrome; Newborn affected by maternal complications of pregnancy; Accidents (unintentional injuries); Newborn affected by complications of placenta, cord and membranes; Bacterial sepsis of newborn; Respiratory distress of newborn; Diseases of the circulatory system; and Neonatal hemorrhage. Important variations in the leading causes of infant death are noted for the neonatal and postneonatal periods.
Indications for Maternal Echocardiography in Detecting Disease and the Impact on Pregnancy Management.; OBJECTIVE: Few obstetric-specific guidelines detail the indications for screening echocardiography in pregnancy. The objective of the study is to examine the association of common indications for maternal echocardiography with the likelihood of abnormality identification, pregnancy management alteration, and conformity with current American College of Cardiology Foundation (ACCF) guidelines. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort analysis categorized all echocardiograms performed within pregnancy and the first month postpartum within a tertiary health system to correlate indications with abnormal findings. RESULTS: Data from 226 echocardiograms were analyzed from 205 women. The most common indication for initial echocardiography was cardiac symptoms (34.6%). History of cardiac disease was the only indication demonstrating a significant association with an abnormal finding on initial echocardiography (odds ratio [OR]: 2.6; p = 0.006). Postpartum status (OR: 4.9; p < 0.001), multiparity (p < 0.001), and tobacco use (OR: 2.2; p = 0.011) were demographic characteristics associated with the identification of abnormal findings on initial echocardiography. Abnormal echocardiographic findings were associated with changes in clinical management but did not correlate with adverse obstetric or neonatal outcomes, which may support the impact of a multidisciplinary programmatic approach. ACCF appropriateness criteria correlated well with identification of abnormal echocardiographic results (p = 0.034). CONCLUSION: Although the presence of cardiac symptoms or history of diabetes failed to demonstrate association with abnormal echocardiographic findings, a history of prior cardiac disease, tobacco use, multiparity, and postpartum status were factors associated with identification of abnormal findings on initial maternal echocardiography. The ACCF appropriateness criteria for obtaining echocardiography can be applied to pregnant women with consideration for these additional risk factors. KEY POINTS: · The ACCF criteria are applicable in pregnancy for appropriateness of echocardiography indications.. · Several clinical factors often prompt performance of echocardiography in pregnancy without merit.. · Consideration for multiparty, tobacco abuse, and postpartum state should coincide with ACCF criteria..
Experiences and actions related to living with type 1 diabetes during the COVID-19 pandemic in Norway: a qualitative study conducted during July to December 2020.; OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to describe the experiences of adults with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) during the COVID-19 pandemic in Norway, and what actions they took to cope with the situation. DESIGN: An inductive, descriptive design applying the critical incident technique was used to collect qualitative data between July 2020 and December 2020. SETTING: A strategic selection was made from diabetes specialist outpatient clinics at three different hospitals in eastern Norway. The hospitals, two community hospitals and one university hospital, were situated in both rural and urban areas. PARTICIPANTS: Inclusion criteria were people with T1DM aged 18-65 years. Exclusion criteria were pregnancy, people with chronic pulmonary disorders, people with active cancer diseases and people diagnosed with a myocardial infarction or stroke during the previous 6 months. Semistructured individual interviews with 19 people with T1DM were conducted. RESULTS: Experiences were categorised into two main areas: 'increased psychosocial burden of T1DM during the COVID-19 pandemic' and 'changed conditions for T1DM treatment during the COVID-19 pandemic'. Uncertainty distress and social consequences from infection control measures contributed to the burden of T1DM. Disrupted T1DM follow-up and altered daily routines created challenges. However, having increased time to focus on T1DM self-management during lockdown represented an improvement. Actions to handle the situation were categorised into two main areas: 'actions to handle psychosocial strain related to T1DM and COVID-19' and 'actions to handle changed conditions for T1DM treatment during the COVID-19 pandemic'. CONCLUSIONS: Patients experienced an increased psychosocial burden of T1DM and difficulties from a disrupted daily life affecting T1DM self-management routines. Uncertainty-reducing behaviours and actions to adapt to the situation provided a general sense of coping despite these difficulties. Tailored information and follow-up by telephone or video call was emphasised to reduce uncertainly distress and support adequate diabetes T1DM self-management.
Advanced pubertal growth spurt in subjects born preterm: the Helsinki study of very low birth weight adults.; CONTEXT: Among people born at term, low birth weight is associated with early puberty. Early maturation may be on the pathway linking low birth weight with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Subjects born preterm with very low birth weight (VLBW; <1500 g) have as adults increased risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about their pubertal timing. OBJECTIVE: The objective of the investigation was to study the timing of pubertal growth in subjects born preterm with VLBW as compared with controls. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A follow-up study of subjects born preterm including 188 VLBW and 190 term-born control subjects. Growth data were available for 128 VLBW and 147 control subjects, of whom we excluded 15 and 1, respectively, because of neurological impairment. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Timing of pubertal growth spurt was estimated by assessing the ages, corrected for gestational age at birth, at acceleration (take-off) and peak height velocity of pubertal growth, and age at attaining adult height. RESULTS: All components of pubertal growth occurred earlier in VLBW subjects than in controls. Age at take-off was 0.8 yr earlier [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.4-1.3] in VLBW subjects born appropriate and 0.9 yr earlier (95% CI 0.4-1.5) in those born small for gestational age. VLBW subjects were more likely to have a pubertal growth spurt that was at least 2 yr earlier than population average [odds ratio 3.8 (95% CI: 1.5-9.6)]. CONCLUSIONS: Prematurity per se is associated with advanced pubertal growth. Advanced puberty may be among the factors mediating adult metabolic outcomes in subjects born preterm with VLBW.
Pituitary gland height evaluated with magnetic resonance imaging in premature twins: the impact of growth and sex.; BACKGROUND: Pituitary gland height reflects secretory activity of the hypothalamo-pituitary axis. OBJECTIVE: To assess the cumulative impact of fetal growth and sex on pituitary gland height in premature twins, dissociated from prematurity. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective study was conducted, assessing the pituitary gland height in 63 pairs of preterm twins, measured from T1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Auxological parameters, including body weight, body length, and head circumference, at birth and at the time of MRI, were used as proxies for fetal and postnatal growth, respectively. The study population was divided into two groups, using corrected age at around term equivalent as the cutoff point. Statistical analysis was performed using mixed-effects linear regression models. RESULTS: When pituitary gland height was evaluated at around term equivalent, a greater pituitary gland height, suggesting a more immature hypothamo-pituitary axis, was associated with the twin exhibiting lower auxological data at birth. The same association was observed when body weight and length at MRI were used as covariants. In the group evaluated after term equivalent, a smaller pituitary gland height, suggesting a more mature hypothamo-pituitary axis, was associated with male sex. This difference was observed in twin pairs with higher average body weight at birth, and in babies exhibiting higher auxological data at MRI. CONCLUSION: After isolating the effect of prematurity, at around term equivalent, pituitary gland height reflects the cumulative impact of fetal growth on the hypothalamo-pituitary axis. Subsequently, pituitary gland height shows effects of sex and of fetal and postnatal growth.
Technology-Enhanced Consultations in Diabetes, Cancer, and Heart Failure: Protocol for the Qualitative Analysis of Remote Consultations (QuARC) Project.; BACKGROUND: Remote videoconsulting is promoted by policy makers as a way of delivering health care efficiently to an aging population with rising rates of chronic illness. As a radically new service model, it brings operational and interactional challenges in using digital technologies. In-depth research on this dynamic is needed before remote consultations are introduced more widely. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this study will be to identify and analyze the communication strategies through which remote consultations are accomplished and to guide patients and clinicians to improve the communicative quality of remote consultations. METHODS: In previous research, we collected and analyzed two separate datasets of remote consultations in a National Institute for Health Research-funded study of clinics in East London using Skype and a Wellcome Trust-funded study of specialist community heart failure teams in Oxford using Skype or FaceTime. The Qualitative Analysis of Remote Consultations (QuARC) study will combine datasets and undertake detailed interactional microanalysis of up to 40 remote consultations undertaken by senior and junior doctors and nurse specialists, including consultations with adults with diabetes, women who have diabetes during pregnancy, people consulting for postoperative cancer surgery and community-based patients having routine heart failure reviews along with up to 25 comparable face-to-face consultations. Drawing on established techniques (eg, conversation analysis), analysis will examine the contextual features in remote consultations (eg, restricted visual field) combined with close analysis of different modes of communication (eg, speech, gesture, and gaze). RESULTS: Our findings will address the current gap in knowledge about how technology shapes the fine detail of communication in remote consultations. Alongside academic outputs, findings will inform the coproduction of information and guidance about communication strategies to support successful remote consultations. CONCLUSIONS: Identifying the communication strategies through which remote consultations are accomplished and producing guidance for patients and clinicians about how to use this kind of technology successfully in consultations is an important and timely goal because roll out of remote consultations is planned across the National Health Service. REGISTERED REPORT IDENTIFIER: RR1-10.2196/10913.
Emerging clinical roles for ambulatory blood pressure monitoring.; Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring is becoming increasingly popular in the diagnosis and treatment of patients with hypertensive disorders. Widespread clinical use, however, has been limited by a lack of normative data and prospective, controlled clinical studies of its impact on subsequent cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Particular applications of this technology include the investigation of white coat hypertension and correlation of the components of diurnal blood pressure variation with hypertension-associated target organ damage. Recently, interest has extended to the role of different physiologic states such as pregnancy and aging, as well as racial and other genetic differences, in the development of hypertension and susceptibility to target organ damage, and the study of hypertension associated with diabetes mellitus, renal disease, and organ transplantation. This review summarizes recent studies in these areas in addition to discussing the current clinical indications, limitations, and future research directions of ambulatory blood pressure monitoring.
Irritable bowel syndrome in twins: genes and environment.; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Both environmental and genetic factors may contribute to irritable bowel syndrome (IBS). Nutrition in fetal life, an early environmental factor, seems to influence the development of chronic diseases later in life, such as coronary heart disease, hypertension, and non-insulin diabetes. This population based twin study evaluated the association between intrauterine growth, measured by weight and gestational age, and IBS. Structural equation analyses were conducted to analyse genetic and environmental sources of variation in liability to IBS. METHODS: A postal questionnaire was sent to 12 700 Norwegian twins born between 1967 and 1979. The questionnaire included a checklist of 31 illnesses and symptoms, including IBS. The influence of birth weight on developing IBS was tested in four weight groups. Disease discordant monozygotic (MZ) pairs were analysed to test the association between intrauterine growth and IBS. RESULTS: Concordance for IBS was significantly greater (p = 0.011) in monozygotic (22.4%) than in dizygotic (9.1%) twins. The heritability of IBS was estimated to be 48.4% among females. Birth weight below 1500 g (adjusted odds ratio 2.4 (95% confidence interval 1.1, 5.3)) contributed significantly to the development of IBS, which appeared 7.7 years earlier than in higher weight groups. In the MZ group with birth weights lower than 2500 g, twins with IBS were significantly lighter than twins without disease (190.6 g; p = 0.02). CONCLUSION: The present study demonstrates that restricted fetal growth has a significant influence on the development of IBS later in life. Weight below 1500 g influences age at onset. Genetic contribution appears to be important for IBS among females.
N6-methyladenosine (m6A) Modification in Preeclampsia.; Recently, epitranscriptional modification of N6-methyladenosine (m6A) has received growing attention in the research on the pathogenesis of preeclampsia. Advances in m6A sequencing have revealed the molecular mechanism and importance of m6A modification. In addition, epitranscriptional modification of m6A is closely related to the metabolic processes of placental tissues and cells in preeclampsia. This article reviews the composition, mode of action, and bioinformatics analysis of m6A modification-related proteins, and their biological function in the progression of preeclampsia. The relationship between m6A modification and preeclampsia risk factors, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and psychological stress, is summarized to provide new ideas for studying PE-targeting molecules.
Serial Short-Term Outcomes of Very-Low-Birth-Weight Infants in the Korean Neonatal Network From 2013 to 2020.; BACKGROUND: We aimed to determine the current survival rate and short-term outcomes of very-low-birth-weight infants (VLBWIs) in Korea, as well as whether the survival rate and short-term outcomes have improved over time since 2013, which was when the Korean Neonatal Network (KNN) was launched. METHODS: This study used data from the annual reports of the KNN from 2013 to 2020. A total of 16,351 VLBWIs born at gestational age (GA) ≥ 22 weeks between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2020, and who were registered in the KNN were enrolled. Serial outcomes were analyzed according to era (2013-14, 2015-16, 2017-18, and 2019-20). RESULTS: More mothers delivered by cesarean section, had diabetes or hypertension during their pregnancy, and received antenatal steroids when analyzed by era. Fewer infants were intubated at birth and had air leaks when analyzed by era. The overall survival rate of VLBWIs between 2013 and 2020 was 87%. The rate of respiratory distress syndrome was 77% and that of bronchopulmonary dysplasia was 32% between 2013 and 2020. The rates of intraventricular hemorrhage (grade ≥ 3), periventricular leukomalacia, and sepsis decreased over time. The survival rate of infants with a GA of 26 weeks has improved serially according to era. CONCLUSION: Since the launch of the KNN in 2013, the survival rates of infants with GA 26 weeks and short-term outcomes have improved, which implies a quality improvement in antenatal and delivery room care. Further studies on the long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes of these KNN registrants are warranted.
Mode of Obstetric Delivery in Kidney and Liver Transplant Recipients and Associated Maternal, Neonatal, and Graft Morbidity During 5 Decades of Clinical Practice.; IMPORTANCE: Rates of cesarean delivery (CD) are increased among transplant recipients. There is a need to define the indications for CD and associated outcomes among transplant recipients to determine the safest mode of obstetric delivery. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of mode of obstetrical delivery with maternal and neonatal morbidity among pregnant women who have received a kidney or liver transplant. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This registry-based retrospective cohort study used data from the Transplant Pregnancy Registry International, which has recruited participants since 1991 from 289 diverse academic and community settings, mainly in North America. Eligible participants were recipients of a kidney or liver transplant who were aged 18 years or older at the time of a live birth at or later than 20 weeks' gestational age and who delivered between 1968 and 2019. The data were analyzed from April 30, 2020, to April 16, 2021. EXPOSURES: Scheduled CD, a trial of labor resulting in CD (TOL-CD), or a TOL resulting in vaginal delivery (TOL-VD). MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcomes were severe maternal morbidity and neonatal composite morbidity. Multivariate regression was conducted to calculate odds ratios (ORs) or β values and 95% CIs with adjustment for differences in maternal comorbidities and gestational age at delivery. Nonmedical indications for CD are those not associated with decreased morbidity or mortality in the obstetric literature. RESULTS: This study included 1865 women, of whom 1435 were kidney transplant recipients and 430 were liver transplant recipients. The age range of the participants was 18 to 48 years; the median body mass index among the participants was in the normal range, and the median transplant-to-conception interval was more than 2 years. Compared with a scheduled CD, a TOL was not associated with increased severe maternal morbidity among kidney transplant recipients (TOL-CD: adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.80 [95% CI, 0.77-4.22]; TOL-VD: aOR, 1.22 [95% CI, 0.57-2.62]) (for liver transplant recipients, the numbers were too small for multivariate modeling). In the adjusted model, a TOL was associated with a decrease in neonatal composite morbidity among kidney transplant recipients who underwent TOL-CD (aOR, 0.52; 95% CI, 0.32-0.82) and TOL-VD (aOR, 0.36; 95% CI, 0.24-0.53) and liver transplant recipients who underwent TOL-VD (aOR, 0.41; 95% CI, 0.19-0.87) but not for TOL-CD (aOR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.21-1.61). The main factors associated with CD after labor were placental abruption (aOR, 12.96; 95% CI, 2.85-59.07) and pregestational diabetes (aOR 5.44; 95% CI, 2.54-11.68). The rate of CD was 51.6% (741 of 1435) among kidney transplant recipients and 41.4% (178 of 430) among liver transplant recipients. In total, 229 of 459 kidney transplant recipients (49.9%) and 50 of 105 liver transplant recipients (47.6%) had scheduled CDs performed for either a nonmedical indication or a repeated indication, although women with these indications are candidates for a TOL. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this cohort study, TOL vs a scheduled CD was associated with improved neonatal outcomes among kidney and transplant recipients and not with increased severe maternal morbidity among kidney transplant recipients. These findings may be used to facilitate multidisciplinary decisions regarding the mode of obstetrical delivery.
Managing the Systemic Impact of Periodontitis.; Periodontitis is a microbially driven host-mediated disease that leads to loss of periodontal attachment and bone. It is associated with elevation of systemic inflammatory markers and with the presence of systemic co-morbidities. Furthermore, periodontal treatment leads to a 24-48 h-long acute local and systemic inflammatory response. This systemic response might increase the burden of patients with compromised medical history and/or uncontrolled systemic diseases. The correlation between periodontitis and systemic diseases, the impact of periodontitis on the quality of life and public health, the effects of periodontal treatment on systemic health and disease, and the available methods to manage systemic inflammation after periodontal therapy are discussed. The main focus then shifts to a description of the existing evidence regarding the impact of periodontitis and periodontal treatment on systemic health and to the identification of approaches aiming to reduce the effect of periodontitis on systemic inflammation.
Dysregulation of miR-146a in human milk of mothers having children with autism.; Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a set of neurobehavioral manifestations that impose poor social interaction and stereotyped repetitive patterns. Several mircoRNA (miRNA) dysregulations underpin ASD pathophysiology via impairing the neurogenic niches. For instance, miR-146a and miR-106 differential expressions are linked to deregulation of ASD-related genes and the severity of clinical symptoms, respectively. Breastfeeding provides newborns with many bioactive compounds that support their neurodevelopment including miRNA. Our pilot study evaluated the expression pattern of miR-106a and miR-146a in human milk (HM) of nursing mothers (n = 36) having autistic children compared to age-matched counterparts (n = 36) with neurotypical children as controls. Under sterile conditions, breast milk samples were collected using manual sucking pumps and centrifuged to separate the fat layer. Total RNA was extracted from the lipid fraction, and the expression profiles of both miR-106a and miR-146a were evaluated using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Among the test group, we reported some factors that were previously linked to HM miRNA perturbations: gestational diabetes, hypertension, and cesarean delivery. HM miR-106a showed comparable expression levels in both mother groups (p = 0.8681), whereas HM miR-146a was significantly downregulated in mothers with autistic children compared to controls (p = 0.0399). Alternatively, HM miR-106 levels were positively associated with two ASD clinical parameters: Childhood Autism Rating Scale (CARS) and communication and language domain of Autism Diagnostic Interview-Revised (ADI-R) (r = 0.6452, p = 0.0003 and r = 0.3958, p = 0.0410, respectively). The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves of both maternal HM miR-106a and miR-146a showed poor fitness as predictive biomarkers for ASD. Our findings suggest that the miR-146a differential expression in ASD children may originate at infancy during the lactation period. Thus, maternal pre- and postnatal health care is critical to maintain optimal miRNome in breast milk.
Small for gestational age and obesity related comorbidities.; Infant born small for gestational age (SGA) are at increased risk of perinatal morbidity, persistent short stature and metabolic alterations in later life. The result of SGA followed by rapid weight gain during early postnatal life has been associated with increased long-term risks for central obesity, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, increased fat mass, and cardiovascular disease. We should carefully monitor their weight during infancy and childhood to prevent excessive rates of weight gain. 'Healthy catch up growth' may decreased the risk of obesity-related comorbidities in SGA. Establishing the optimal growth patterns in SGA to minimize short- and long-term risks is important, and further studies will be needed. This review discusses recent studies concentrating on obesity-related morbidities in SGA infants that may provide insight into growth monitoring.
Association of Thyroid Function Test Abnormalities and Thyroid Autoimmunity With Preterm Birth: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.; IMPORTANCE: Maternal hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism are risk factors for preterm birth. Milder thyroid function test abnormalities and thyroid autoimmunity are more prevalent, but it remains controversial if these are associated with preterm birth. OBJECTIVE: To study if maternal thyroid function test abnormalities and thyroid autoimmunity are risk factors for preterm birth. DATA SOURCES AND STUDY SELECTION: Studies were identified through a search of the Ovid MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Google Scholar databases from inception to March 18, 2018, and by publishing open invitations in relevant journals. Data sets from published and unpublished prospective cohort studies with data on thyroid function tests (thyrotropin [often referred to as thyroid-stimulating hormone or TSH] and free thyroxine [FT4] concentrations) or thyroid peroxidase (TPO) antibody measurements and gestational age at birth were screened for eligibility by 2 independent reviewers. Studies in which participants received treatment based on abnormal thyroid function tests were excluded. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: The primary authors provided individual participant data that were analyzed using mixed-effects models. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: The primary outcome was preterm birth (<37 weeks' gestational age). RESULTS: From 2526 published reports, 35 cohorts were invited to participate. After the addition of 5 unpublished data sets, a total of 19 cohorts were included. The study population included 47 045 pregnant women (mean age, 29 years; median gestational age at blood sampling, 12.9 weeks), of whom 1234 (3.1%) had subclinical hypothyroidism (increased thyrotropin concentration with normal FT4 concentration), 904 (2.2%) had isolated hypothyroxinemia (decreased FT4 concentration with normal thyrotropin concentration), and 3043 (7.5%) were TPO antibody positive; 2357 (5.0%) had a preterm birth. The risk of preterm birth was higher for women with subclinical hypothyroidism than euthyroid women (6.1% vs 5.0%, respectively; absolute risk difference, 1.4% [95% CI, 0%-3.2%]; odds ratio [OR], 1.29 [95% CI, 1.01-1.64]). Among women with isolated hypothyroxinemia, the risk of preterm birth was 7.1% vs 5.0% in euthyroid women (absolute risk difference, 2.3% [95% CI, 0.6%-4.5%]; OR, 1.46 [95% CI, 1.12-1.90]). In continuous analyses, each 1-SD higher maternal thyrotropin concentration was associated with a higher risk of preterm birth (absolute risk difference, 0.2% [95% CI, 0%-0.4%] per 1 SD; OR, 1.04 [95% CI, 1.00-1.09] per 1 SD). Thyroid peroxidase antibody-positive women had a higher risk of preterm birth vs TPO antibody-negative women (6.6% vs 4.9%, respectively; absolute risk difference, 1.6% [95% CI, 0.7%-2.8%]; OR, 1.33 [95% CI, 1.15-1.56]). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Among pregnant women without overt thyroid disease, subclinical hypothyroidism, isolated hypothyroxinemia, and TPO antibody positivity were significantly associated with higher risk of preterm birth. These results provide insights toward optimizing clinical decision-making strategies that should consider the potential harms and benefits of screening programs and levothyroxine treatment during pregnancy.
Retrospective analysis of fetal vertebral defects: Associated anomalies, etiologies, and outcome.; Our objectives were to describe fetal cases of vertebral defects (VD), assess the diagnostic yield of fetal chromosomal analysis for VD and determine which investigations should be performed when evaluating fetal VD. We performed a retrospective chart review for fetuses with VD seen between 2006 and 2015. Cases were identified from CHU Sainte-Justine's prenatal clinic visits, postmortem fetal skeletal surveys, and medical records. Cases with neural tube defects were excluded. Sixty-six fetuses with VD were identified at a mean gestational age of 20 weeks. Forty-seven (71.2%) had associated antenatal anomalies, most commonly genitourinary, skeletal/limb, and cardiac anomalies. Thirteen mothers (19.7%) had pregestational diabetes (95% CI [10.1%-29.3%]). Fifty-three cases had chromosomal analysis. Three had abnormal results (5.6%): trisomy 13, trisomy 22, and 9q33.1q34.11 deletion. Thirty-four (51.5%) pregnancies were terminated, one led to intrauterine fetal demise and 31 (46.9%) continued to term. Of 27 children who survived the neonatal period, 21 had congenital scoliosis and 3 had spondylocostal dysostosis. Seven had developmental delay. In conclusion, prenatal evaluation of fetuses with VD should include detailed morphological assessment (including fetal echocardiogram), maternal diabetes screening, and chromosomal microarray if non-isolated. Our findings provide guidance about management and counseling after a diagnosis of fetal VD.
PPARs and Angiogenesis-Implications in Pathology.; Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs) belong to the family of ligand-activated nuclear receptors. The PPAR family consists of three subtypes encoded by three separate genes: PPARα (NR1C1), PPARβ/δ (NR1C2), and PPARγ (NR1C3). PPARs are critical regulators of metabolism and exhibit tissue and cell type-specific expression patterns and functions. Specific PPAR ligands have been proposed as potential therapies for a variety of diseases such as metabolic syndrome, cancer, neurogenerative disorders, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, endometriosis, and retinopathies. In this review, we focus on the knowledge of PPAR function in angiogenesis, a complex process that plays important roles in numerous pathological conditions for which therapeutic use of PPAR modulation has been suggested.
Referral indications for foetal echocardiography in a low resource setting.; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to review primary indications for foetal echocardiography among pregnant women at a tertiary care center in a low resource setting. METHODS: A retrospective record review was conducted of all women who have had a foetal echocardiogram between January 2015 and December 2016 at The Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi, Pakistan. Information regarding maternal clinical characteristics, anomaly scan findings, indications for echocardiography and findings on foetal echocardiogram (FE) was collected. RESULTS: The dataset included 1909 patients. Maternal comorbidities including maternal diabetes, (n=614, 47%) was the most common maternal indication, while multiple pregnancy (n=232, 38%) and intra-cardiac echogenic foci (n=168, 28%) was the most common foetal indication for referral. Major CHD was detected in 4.2% (n=81) of cases. In those with CHD, the most common indication for getting a FE was an abnormal 4-chamber (n=31, 38%) view on the screening obstetric ultrasound. CONCLUSIONS: Most of our patients were referred on the basis of indications that were not warranted based on international guidelines and very few had major CHD on FE. This emphasizes the need for justifying referrals for a resource intensive procedure such as FE.
Number of children and coronary heart disease risk factors in men and women from a British birth cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between number of children and coronary heart disease (CHD) risk factors in women and men. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Britain. SAMPLE: A total of 2977 individuals (51% women) from the Medical Research Council National Survey of Health and Development, a birth cohort study of individuals born in Britain in 1946 and followed up regularly throughout life. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Blood pressure, body mass index (BMI), waist to hip ratio (WHR), total, high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride levels, and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1C) measured at age of 53 years. RESULTS: Number of children showed no consistent relationship with CHD risk factors at age 53 years in either men or women, and no obvious and consistent sex differences were observed. Mean BMI (95% CI) increased with increasing numbers of children (P = 0.01) in women from 27.4 kg/m2 (26.6-28.2) in those with one child to 28.6 kg/m2 (27.6-29.6) in those with four or more children. WHR and type II diabetes in women and HbA1C in men were the only other risk factors exhibiting a linearly increasing trend with increasing number of children. These associations were largely explained by adjustment for behavioural and lifestyle variables. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that any association between number of children and CHD risk factors is a result of lifestyle and behaviours associated with family life rather than being as result of the biological impact of pregnancy in women.
Vascular changes in fetal growth restriction: clinical relevance and future therapeutics.; Fetal growth restriction (FGR) affects about 5-10% pregnancies and is associated with poorer outcomes in the perinatal period. Additionally, long standing epidemiological data support its association with chronic diseases such as hypertension and diabetes. Cardiac and vascular adaptations in response to chronic hypoxemia due to utero-placental insufficiency are hallmarks of fetal adaptations. Investigators have attempted to identify these changes in the placenta at the microscopic and molecular level. The ex vivo dual perfusion model of the placenta enables the study of placental haemodynamics in growth-restricted pregnancies. Persistent arterial abnormalities (thickness and stiffness) noted on vascular ultrasound during fetal life through to the young-adult age group for those affected by FGR, seem to be a plausible link between in utero events and chronic circulatory diseases. Using these, this review reflects current thought on vascular maladaptive changes in the FGR cohorts and the role in investigating current and future therapeutics.
Biomarkers in Diabetic Retinopathy.; There is a global diabetes epidemic correlating with an increase in obesity. This coincidence may lead to a rise in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes. There is also an as yet unexplained increase in the incidence of type 1 diabetes, which is not related to adiposity. Whilst improved diabetes care has substantially improved diabetes outcomes, the disease remains a common cause of working age adult-onset blindness. Diabetic retinopathy is the most frequently occurring complication of diabetes; it is greatly feared by many diabetes patients. There are multiple risk factors and markers for the onset and progression of diabetic retinopathy, yet residual risk remains. Screening for diabetic retinopathy is recommended to facilitate early detection and treatment. Common biomarkers of diabetic retinopathy and its risk in clinical practice today relate to the visualization of the retinal vasculature and measures of glycemia, lipids, blood pressure, body weight, smoking, and pregnancy status. Greater knowledge of novel biomarkers and mediators of diabetic retinopathy, such as those related to inflammation and angiogenesis, has contributed to the development of additional therapeutics, in particular for late-stage retinopathy, including intra-ocular corticosteroids and intravitreal vascular endothelial growth factor inhibitors ('anti-VEGFs') agents. Unfortunately, in spite of a range of treatments (including laser photocoagulation, intraocular steroids, and anti-VEGF agents, and more recently oral fenofibrate, a PPAR-alpha agonist lipid-lowering drug), many patients with diabetic retinopathy do not respond well to current therapeutics. Therefore, more effective treatments for diabetic retinopathy are necessary. New analytical techniques, in particular those related to molecular markers, are accelerating progress in diabetic retinopathy research. Given the increasing incidence and prevalence of diabetes, and the limited capacity of healthcare systems to screen and treat diabetic retinopathy, there is need to reliably identify and triage people with diabetes. Biomarkers may facilitate a better understanding of diabetic retinopathy, and contribute to the development of novel treatments and new clinical strategies to prevent vision loss in people with diabetes. This article reviews key aspects related to biomarker research, and focuses on some specific biomarkers relevant to diabetic retinopathy.
[Drug therapy in pregnancy--a practical guide].; Pharmacotherapy in pregnancy is often problematic, since both the mother-to-be and her doctor are often concerned about possible risks for the unborn child. On the other hand, we now have sufficient knowledge of a whole range of medications, to enable the recommendation of safe drug treatment in almost any clinical situation. The family doctor, too, is often consulted by pregnant women requiring treatment for internistic problems. These include such pregnancy-unrelated problems as essential hypertension or bronchial asthma, as well as pregnancy-related disorders such as urinary tract infection or gastrointestinal problems.
ACOG Committee Opinion No. 743 Summary: Low-Dose Aspirin Use During Pregnancy.; Low-dose aspirin has been used during pregnancy, most commonly to prevent or delay the onset of preeclampsia. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists issued the Hypertension in Pregnancy Task Force Report recommending daily low-dose aspirin beginning in the late first trimester for women with a history of early-onset preeclampsia and preterm delivery at less than 34 0/7 weeks of gestation, or for women with more than one prior pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force published a similar guideline, although the list of indications for low-dose aspirin use was more expansive. Daily low-dose aspirin use in pregnancy is considered safe and is associated with a low likelihood of serious maternal, or fetal complications, or both, related to use. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine support the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force guideline criteria for prevention of preeclampsia. Low-dose aspirin (81 mg/day) prophylaxis is recommended in women at high risk of preeclampsia and should be initiated between 12 weeks and 28 weeks of gestation (optimally before 16 weeks) and continued daily until delivery. Low-dose aspirin prophylaxis should be considered for women with more than one of several moderate risk factors for preeclampsia. Women at risk of preeclampsia are defined based on the presence of one or more high-risk factors (history of preeclampsia, multifetal gestation, renal disease, autoimmune disease, type 1 or type 2 diabetes, and chronic hypertension) or more than one of several moderate-risk factors (first pregnancy, maternal age of 35 years or older, a body mass index greater than 30, family history of preeclampsia, sociodemographic characteristics, and personal history factors). In the absence of high risk factors for preeclampsia, current evidence does not support the use of prophylactic low-dose aspirin for the prevention of early pregnancy loss, fetal growth restriction, stillbirth, or preterm birth.
[Fetal renal failure after intrauterine exposure to inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin system].; HISTORY AND AIM: A 36-year-old woman (primigravida, nullipara) at 25 + 3 weeks of gestation and a 27-year-old (primigravida, nullipara) at 22 + 7 weeks of gestation presented with oligo-/anhydramnios at our department of obstetrics. Both patients suffered from diabetes type 1 and 2, respectively, complicated by diabetic nephropathy, renal hypertension and retinopathy. The first woman had received an AT1 receptor antagonist and a beta blocker, the other one an ACE inhibitor and a beta blocker. At initial clinical examination both patients were in a good general state of health. Respiration, pulse and blood pressure were within normal limits. INVESTIGATIONS: Sonography showed oligy-/anhydramnion with enlarged echogenic kidneys of both fetuses. Having ruled out premature rupture of the membranes the reduced amount of amniotic fluid was interpreted as a consequence of the antihypertensive medication. TREATMENT AND COURSE: The medication was changed to methyldopa which resulted in an adequate and moderate increase of amniotic fluid in both patients. At post partum examination renal failure was confirmed in both infants. The first infant, now a boy at the age of two years, still suffers from chronic renal failure, needing antihypertensive medication with an ACE blocker. Follow-up of the second baby has so far shown normal growth of the kidneys and normotensive blood pressure. CONCLUSION: When planning a pregnancy, a preexisting hypertension should be treated with either methyldopa (1st choice) or a beta blocker as a second choice (e. g. Metoprolol). In patients who are treated with ACE blockers or AT1 antagonists, medication should be changed as soon as the pregnancy is ascertained.
Effect of age and COX-2-derived prostanoids on the progression of adult vascular dysfunction in the offspring of diabetic rats.; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: The present study was designed to determine how diabetes in pregnancy affects vascular function in their offspring, the influence of age and whether COX activation is involved in this effect. EXPERIMENTAL APPROACH: Relaxation responses to ACh were analysed in mesenteric resistance arteries from the offspring of control rats (O-CR) and those of diabetic rats (O-DR) at 3, 6 and 12 months of age. TxB₂, PGE₂ and PGF(2α) release were determined by enzyme immunoassay. COX-1 and COX-2 expression were measured by Western blot analysis. KEY RESULTS: O-DR developed hypertension from 6 months of age compared with O-CR. In O-DR, relaxation responses to ACh were impaired in all ages studied and were restored by COX-2 inhibition. TP receptor blockade (SQ29548) restored ACh relaxation in arteries from 3-month-old O-DR while TP and EP receptor blockade (SQ29548 + AH6809) was required to restore it in 6-month-old O-DR. In 12-month-old O-DR, ACh relaxation was restored when TP, EP and FP receptors were blocked (SQ29548 + AH6809 + AL8810). ACh-stimulated TxB₂ was higher in all O-DR. ACh-stimulated PGE₂ release was increased in arteries from 6- and 12-month-old O-DR, whereas PGF(2α) was increased only in 12-month-old O-DR. COX-2, but not COX-1, expression was higher in O-DR than O-CR. CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS: The results indicate an age-dependent up-regulation of COX-2 coupled to an enhanced formation of vasoconstrictor prostanoids in resistance arteries from O-DR. This effect plays a key role in the pathogenesis of endothelial dysfunction, which in turn could contribute to the progression of vascular dysfunction in these rats.
ACOG Committee Opinion No. 743: Low-Dose Aspirin Use During Pregnancy.; Low-dose aspirin has been used during pregnancy, most commonly to prevent or delay the onset of preeclampsia. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists issued the Hypertension in Pregnancy Task Force Report recommending daily low-dose aspirin beginning in the late first trimester for women with a history of early-onset preeclampsia and preterm delivery at less than 34 0/7 weeks of gestation, or for women with more than one prior pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force published a similar guideline, although the list of indications for low-dose aspirin use was more expansive. Daily low-dose aspirin use in pregnancy is considered safe and is associated with a low likelihood of serious maternal, or fetal complications, or both, related to use. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine support the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force guideline criteria for prevention of preeclampsia. Low-dose aspirin (81 mg/day) prophylaxis is recommended in women at high risk of preeclampsia and should be initiated between 12 weeks and 28 weeks of gestation (optimally before 16 weeks) and continued daily until delivery. Low-dose aspirin prophylaxis should be considered for women with more than one of several moderate risk factors for preeclampsia. Women at risk of preeclampsia are defined based on the presence of one or more high-risk factors (history of preeclampsia, multifetal gestation, renal disease, autoimmune disease, type 1 or type 2 diabetes, and chronic hypertension) or more than one of several moderate-risk factors (first pregnancy, maternal age of 35 years or older, a body mass index greater than 30, family history of preeclampsia, sociodemographic characteristics, and personal history factors). In the absence of high risk factors for preeclampsia, current evidence does not support the use of prophylactic low-dose aspirin for the prevention of early pregnancy loss, fetal growth restriction, stillbirth, or preterm birth.
Hospitalized patients with 2009 H1N1 influenza in the United States, April-June 2009.; BACKGROUND: During the spring of 2009, a pandemic influenza A (H1N1) virus emerged and spread globally. We describe the clinical characteristics of patients who were hospitalized with 2009 H1N1 influenza in the United States from April 2009 to mid-June 2009. METHODS: Using medical charts, we collected data on 272 patients who were hospitalized for at least 24 hours for influenza-like illness and who tested positive for the 2009 H1N1 virus with the use of a real-time reverse-transcriptase-polymerase-chain-reaction assay. RESULTS: Of the 272 patients we studied, 25% were admitted to an intensive care unit and 7% died. Forty-five percent of the patients were children under the age of 18 years, and 5% were 65 years of age or older. Seventy-three percent of the patients had at least one underlying medical condition; these conditions included asthma; diabetes; heart, lung, and neurologic diseases; and pregnancy. Of the 249 patients who underwent chest radiography on admission, 100 (40%) had findings consistent with pneumonia. Of the 268 patients for whom data were available regarding the use of antiviral drugs, such therapy was initiated in 200 patients (75%) at a median of 3 days after the onset of illness. Data suggest that the use of antiviral drugs was beneficial in hospitalized patients, especially when such therapy was initiated early. CONCLUSIONS: During the evaluation period, 2009 H1N1 influenza caused severe illness requiring hospitalization, including pneumonia and death. Nearly three quarters of the patients had one or more underlying medical conditions. Few severe illnesses were reported among persons 65 years of age or older. Patients seemed to benefit from antiviral therapy.
Postoperative diabetes insipidus associated with pituitary apoplexy during pregnancy.; BACKGROUND: Pituitary apoplexy during pregnancy is so rare that only 15 cases (12 pituitary adenomas, 2 lymphocytic neurohypophysitis, and 1 normal pituitary gland) have been published to date. Here, we report the case of a pregnant woman presenting with pituitary apoplexy from a nonfunctioning pituitary adenoma and provide a possible mechanism and management option for postoperative diabetes insipidus (DI). CASE PRESENTATION: A 26-year-old woman presented with sudden onset of headache and bitemporal hemianopsia in the 26th week of her first pregnancy. Magnetic resonance imaging clearly revealed an 18 mm pituitary mass with a fluid-fluid level component displacing the optic chiasma upward. Endonasal endoscopic transsphenoidal surgery was successfully carried out 7 days after the onset of symptoms. DI became apparent immediately after the operation and was not controllable by arginine vasopressin (AVP) but by 1-desamino-8-D-arginine vasopressin (DDAVP) instead. This finding suggests an association between DI and vasopressinase secretion from the placenta, because vasopressinase can degrade AVP but not DDAVP. DI had diminished by the time the patient delivered a healthy girl at the 40th week of gestation. CONCLUSION: Postoperative DI associated with pituitary apoplexy during pregnancy should be treated by DDAVP, which is not affected by placental vasopressinase secretion.
Maternal-fetal deprivation and the cardiometabolic syndrome.; Epidemiologic studies suggest a relationship between low birth weight and adverse cardiovascular outcomes. Risk factors such as obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and hypertension--the cardiometabolic syndrome--are similarly affected. These observations are now supported by numerous animal studies. The mechanisms linking low birth weight and the cardiometabolic syndrome later in life appear to be multifactorial and involve alterations in the normal cellular and physiologic systems associated with growth in an unfavorable environment. Such "fetal programming," an adaptation to a shortage of nutrients, may bring about maladaptation upon postnatal exposure to an abundance of nutrients. This review briefly summarizes the adaptive responses in various models used to induce an intrauterine growth restriction, and discusses insights into the mechanisms mediating the fetal programming of the cardiometabolic syndrome.
Anticoagulation.; Hemostasis is defined as the process of clot formation. It is divided into four stages. The first stage involves the creation of a platelet plug consequent from disruption of the vascular endothelium from injuries due to diabetes, hypertension, smoking as well as vascular wall tear. Following damage to the vascular wall, the Von Willibrand factor (VWF) is released by the endothelial cells and megakaryocytes, which mediates platelet adhesion to the damaged vascular surface, and aggregation of platelets. The second stage involves the propagation of clots by activation of various proenzymes to their active form. This clotting cascade is a regulatory process of the clotting system initiated by the extrinsic pathway and propagated via the intrinsic pathway. The extrinsic pathway is initiated by factor 3 (tissue factor), a membrane-bound glycoprotein that is present in the subendothelial tissues and fibroblast. Tissue factor is activated by exposure from vascular disruption or damage. Exposed tissue factor binds to factor 7 and calcium, which then converts factor 10 to activated factor 10. The intrinsic pathway results from activation of factor 11 by factor 12, HMW Kininogen, and prekallikrein. Activated 11 then activates factor 9. Activated factor 9 in conjunction with its cofactor (factor 8), leads to the activation of factor 10. The coagulation cascade has a common pathway that bridges the intrinsic and extrinsic pathways. Activated factor 10 with its cofactor (factor 5) in conjunction with calcium, tissue, and platelet phospholipids, converts prothrombin to thrombin. Thrombin breaks circulating fibrinogen to fibrin and activates factor 13, which crosslinks fibrin leading to a stable clot. The third stage in the clotting process is the termination of clot formation and the antithrombin control mechanism which are designed to prevent and mediate the extent of clot formation, thereby preventing processes that can lead to thrombosis, vascular inflammation, and tissue damage. This phase in the clotting pathway ensures the fluidity of blood. Removal of the clot by fibrinolysis is the last stage in clot formation. This stage ensures the removal of organized clots by plasmin as well as wound healing and tissue remodeling. Anticoagulation or clot prevention can be directed at different sites of the coagulation pathway, with overlaps at multiple points. Direct thrombin inhibitors and direct factor 10a inhibitors can inhibit the formation of a fibrin clot. Other mechanisms through which anticoagulation can be achieved include inhibition of vitamin K-dependent factors by preventing their synthesis in the liver or modification of their calcium-binding properties. The use of anticoagulation in pregnancy is an important consideration; pregnancy is associated with a five-fold increase in the risk of venous thromboembolism, with the risk rising to twenty-fold or more during puerperium. The risk further increases if underlying thrombophilia is present. The risk of venous thromboembolism persists until nearly 12 weeks postpartum.
The Role of Chemerin in Metabolic and Cardiovascular Disease: A Literature Review of Its Physiology and Pathology from a Nutritional Perspective.; Chemerin is a novel adipokine that plays a major role in adipogenesis and lipid metabolism. It also induces inflammation and affects insulin signaling, steroidogenesis and thermogenesis. Consequently, it likely contributes to a variety of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases, including atherosclerosis, diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. This review describes its origin and receptors, as well as its role in various diseases, and subsequently summarizes how nutrition affects its levels. It concludes that vitamin A, fat, glucose and alcohol generally upregulate chemerin, while omega-3, salt and vitamin D suppress it. Dietary measures rather than drugs acting as chemerin receptor antagonists might become a novel tool to suppress chemerin effects, thereby potentially improving the aforementioned diseases. However, more detailed studies are required to fully understand chemerin regulation.
Trends in fetal echocardiography and implications for clinical practice: 1985 to 2003.; OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to determine whether patterns of referral for fetal echocardiography (FE) and the subsequent yield for structural congenital heart disease (CHD) have changed between 1985 and 2003. METHODS: All FE performed between 1985 and 2003 at Yale-New Haven Hospital was reviewed. The primary indication for study and the presence of structural CHD were recorded, and data were analyzed for trends. Linear regression with Pearson coefficient calculation and Mantel-Haenszel chi(2) analysis were performed (P < .05 significant). RESULTS: Between 1985 and 2003, 10,806 patients had FE at Yale-New Haven Hospital, and 774 cases of structural CHD were detected. The annual number of studies and rate of detected structural CHD remained constant through the study period. There was a significant increase in the proportion of studies for diabetes, maternal structural CHD, suspicious 4-chamber heart, and family history of cardiac disease. There was a significant decrease in the proportion of studies for a previous child with structural CHD, cardiac teratogen exposure, other fetal anomalies, aneuploidy, fetal arrhythmia, and nonimmune hydrops. The percentage of structural CHD detected by indication remained constant through the study period. Subgroup analysis of diabetes revealed an increase in class B diabetes, while classes C and D remained stable. CONCLUSIONS: This is one of the largest series of FE and suggests that the pattern of indications has changed since 1985. Specifically, referral for diabetes (mostly class B) has increased without a change in yield of structural CHD by indication for sonography. The changing referral patterns reflect a change in obstetric demographics and has implications for obstetric care.
Childhood weight and metabolic syndrome in adults.; Metabolic syndrome is a clustering of many insulin resistance-associated cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension, hypertriglyceridaemia, low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, abnormal glucose metabolism and hyperinsulinaemia. Furthermore, it is known that obesity is the most common clinical state characterized by insulin resistance. Central adiposity, in particular, has been shown to be the most distinctive feature of this syndrome. Some studies have also suggested that obesity per se would be necessary for the expression of metabolic defects associated with centrally distributed fat. It has been presented that undernutrition in utero might 'programme' blood pressure, insulin resistance, blood coagulation and cholesterol metabolism and would thus have a role in the aetiology of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in adult life. Some studies have also found associations between low birthweight and metabolic syndrome in adulthood. However, criticism on this hypothesis of fetal programming has recently been presented. It has been suggested that the origins of adulthood risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes can be related to somatic growth as a child, not necessarily to intrauterine growth. In westernized countries, the relative proportion of underweight newborn children is decreasing, and thus considering entire populations low birthweight has lost its theoretical role in the aetiology of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. On the other hand, as obesity is known to be increasing in the industrialized countries among all age groups, the association between weight gain in childhood and metabolic syndrome in adulthood is more than noteworthy. Instead of undernutrition during pregnancy, sedentary lifestyle and lack of physical exercise pose a new threat. This results in an increased occurrence of overweight in childhood, which may be the first sign of insulin resistance and future metabolic syndrome.
Dietary sources, health benefits, and risks of caffeine.; Dietary intake of caffeine has significantly increased in recent years, and beneficial and harmful effects of caffeine have been extensively studied. This paper reviews antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities of caffeine as well as its protective effects on cardiovascular diseases, obesity, diabetes mellitus, cancers, and neurodegenerative and liver diseases. In addition, we summarize the side effects of long-term or excessive caffeine consumption on sleep, migraine, intraocular pressure, pregnant women, children, and adolescents. The health benefits of caffeine depend on the amount of caffeine intake and the physical condition of consumers. Moderate intake of caffeine helps to prevent and modulate several diseases. However, the long-term or over-consumption of caffeine can lead to addiction, insomnia, migraine, and other side effects. In addition, children, adolescents, pregnant women, and people who are sensitive to caffeine should be recommended to restrict/reduce their intake to avoid potential adverse effects.
Fetal neurosonography at 31-35 weeks reveals altered cortical development in pre-eclampsia with and without small-for-gestational-age fetus.; OBJECTIVE: To explore the pattern of fetal cortical development in pregnancies complicated by pre-eclampsia (PE), with and without a small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetus, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study including singleton pregnancies complicated by normotensive SGA (birth weight < 10(th) centile) (n = 77), PE with an appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) fetus (n = 76) or PE with a SGA fetus (n = 67), and 128 uncomplicated pregnancies (normotensive AGA) matched by gestational age at ultrasound. All pregnancies underwent detailed neurosonography, using a transabdominal and transvaginal approach, at 31-35 weeks' gestation to assess the depth of the insula, Sylvian fissure, parieto-occipital sulcus, cingulate sulcus and calcarine sulcus. All measurements were adjusted for biparietal diameter (BPD). In addition, a grading score of cortical development was assigned to each brain structure, ranging from Grade 0 (no development) to Grade 5 (maximum development). Univariate and multiple regression analyses were conducted. RESULTS: Similar to findings in previous studies, normotensive pregnancies with a SGA fetus showed significant differences in cortical development compared with controls, with reduced Sylvian fissure depth adjusted for BPD (14.5 ± 2.4 vs 16.6 ± 2.3; P < 0.001) and increased insula depth adjusted for BPD (33.2 ± 2.0 vs 31.8 ± 2.0; P < 0.001). Interestingly, a similar cortical development pattern was observed in PE pregnancies with a SGA fetus and in PE pregnancies with an AGA fetus, manifested by reduced Sylvian fissure depth adjusted for BPD (14.2 ± 2.3 and 14.3 ± 2.3 vs 16.6 ± 2.3; P < 0.001 for both) and greater insula depth adjusted for BPD (33.2 ± 2.1 and 32.8 ± 1.7 vs 31.8 ± 2.0; P < 0.001 for both) compared with controls. No significant differences were observed in parieto-occipital, cingulate sulcus or calcarine sulcus depth across the study groups. The Sylvian fissure was scored as Grade 4 in significantly more (93.2% vs 59.5%) and as Grade 5 in significantly fewer (2.7% vs 37.3%) PE pregnancies with an AGA fetus compared with controls (P < 0.05 for both). These differences remained significant even after statistical adjustment for potential confounders, including ethnicity, low socioeconomic status, nulliparity, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, assisted reproductive technologies, smoking and fetal gender, with the application of Benjamini-Hochberg procedure for multiple comparisons. CONCLUSIONS: PE with or without SGA is associated with a differential fetal cortical development pattern which is similar to that described previously in small fetuses. Future research is warranted to elucidate better the mechanism(s) underlying these changes. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The INSR rs2059806 single nucleotide polymorphism, a genetic risk factor for vascular and metabolic disease, associates with pre-eclampsia.; Pre-eclampsia is a risk factor for later life vascular and metabolic diseases. This study postulates that this reflects a common genetic cause, and investigates whether the INSR rs2059806 single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (a risk factor for essential hypertension, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome) is also associated with pre-eclampsia. The association of INSR rs2059806 with pre-eclampsia was tested in two cohorts - a Caucasian case control group (123 pre-eclamptic mother-father-baby trios and 1185 mother-father-baby trios from uncomplicated pregnancies) and an independent cohort of Sinhalese women (175 women with pre-eclampsia and 171 women with uncomplicated pregnancies). In the Caucasian cohort, the prevalence of the INSR rs2059806 AA genotype was greater among pre-eclamptic women compared with the uncomplicated pregnancies (12.7% versus 4.7%, OR[95%CI] = 3.1[1.6-5.8], P = 0.0003). In the Sinhalese cohort, maternal INSR rs2059806 AA genotype was greater among pre-eclamptic women who delivered small for gestational age infants compared with the uncomplicated pregnancies (10.8% versus 4.2%, OR[95%CI] = 2.8[1.0-7.4], P = 0.03). Thus, it was found that the INSR rs2059806 SNP is also associated with pre-eclampsia phenotypes in two independent cohorts suggesting that genetic susceptibility may be implicated in the link between pre-eclampsia and subsequent vascular and metabolic diseases.
Short-term variation of the fetal heart rate as a marker of intraamniotic infection in pregnancies with preterm prelabor rupture of membranes: a historical cohort study.; INTRODUCTION: Intraamniotic infection (IAI) and subsequent early-onset neonatal sepsis (EONS) are among the main complications associated with preterm prelabor rupture of membranes (PPROM). Currently used diagnostic tools have been shown to have poor diagnostic performance for IAI. This study aimed to investigate whether the exposure to IAI before delivery is associated with short-term variation of the fetal heart rate in pregnancies with PPROM. METHODS: Observational cohort study of 678 pregnancies with PPROM, delivering between 24 + 0 and 33 + 6 gestational weeks from 2012 to 2019 in five labor units in Stockholm County, Sweden. Electronic medical records were examined to obtain background and exposure data. For the exposure IAI, we used the later diagnosis of EONS in the offspring as a proxy. EONS is strongly associated to IAI and was considered a better proxy for IAI than the histological diagnosis of acute chorioamnionitis, since acute chorioamnionitis can be observed in the absence of both positive microbiology and biochemical markers for inflammation. Cardiotocography traces were analyzed by a computerized algorithm for short-term variation of the fetal heart rate, which was the main outcome measure. RESULTS: Twenty-seven pregnancies were categorized as having an IAI, based on the proxy diagnosis of EONS after birth. Fetuses exposed to IAI had significantly lower short-term variation values in the last cardiotocography trace before birth than fetuses who were not exposed (5.25 vs 6.62 ms; unadjusted difference: -1.37, p = 0.009). After adjustment for smoking and diabetes, this difference remained significant. IAI with a later positive blood culture in the neonate (n = 12) showed an even larger absolute difference in STV (-1.65; p = 0.034), with a relative decrease of 23.5%. CONCLUSION: In pregnancies with PPROM, fetuses exposed to IAI with EONS as a proxy have lower short-term variation of the fetal heart rate than fetuses who are not exposed. Short-term variation might be useful as adjunct surveillance in pregnancies with PPROM.
Association between maternal obesity and fetal cardiac malformations in African Americans.; OBJECTIVE: To find out whether an association exists between obesity in non-diabetic African-American women and congenital malformations in their babies. METHODS: Using a retrospective study design in a large cohort of African American women, we identified deliveries in which children had birth defects. Because of its known association with congenital malformations, mothers with clinical diabetes, as well as certain other potential confounders, were excluded. Body mass indices (BMI = kg/m2) of women who delivered babies with birth defects (cases) were compared with randomly selected women who delivered babies without malformations (controls). Obesity was defined as BMI > or = 27. RESULTS: Among more than 38,000 deliveries, we found 130 cases of babies with birth defects. Of these, 63 babies had major congenital malformations and 67 had minor malformations. For purposes of comparison, we randomly selected 144 babies without birth defects to be controls. As compared to non-obese, non-diabetic African American women, obese non-diabetic African American women were significantly more likely to have babies with a cardiac anomaly (OR 6.5; 95% CI 1.2, 34.9; P = 0.025). Other organ-specific, major birth defects were not significantly associated with maternal obesity. CONCLUSIONS: In addition to urging reduction of excess weight prior to pregnancy, we need to ensure that all African American women with obesity have sophisticated mid-trimester ultrasound screening to look for major fetal cardiac malformations.
Exercise during pregnancy Dose: Influence on preterm birth outcomes.; BACKGROUND: Preterm delivery typically increases health risk for neonates and is associated with longer infant hospital stay and financial burden. Prenatal exercise dose (frequency, intensity, type, time, volume) have been shown to influence birth outcomes. Increased prenatal exercise dose could therefore provide a critical reduction in health risk and financial burden in preterm neonates. OBJECTIVE: It was our aim to explore the effects of prenatal exercise dose from a supervised exercise intervention in pregnant women on the occurrence of preterm (<37 weeks gestation) births, and the impact on health outcomes in preterm neonates. STUDY DESIGN: This study is a retrospective, secondary analysis of pooled data from three blinded, prospective, randomized controlled trials. Prenatal exercise dose were assessed in supervised aerobic, resistance, and combination sessions throughout pregnancy. In addition to gestational age, birth weight, resting heart rate, neonatal morphometrics (body circumferences, ponderal index), and health status (Apgar-1 and -5) metrics were obtained for 21 women at birth. One-way analysis of variance tests were used to assess the differences between dose grouped as tertiles, while Pearson correlations determined the association between dose and birth outcomes. RESULTS: Women exercised for an average of 19.6 wks (range: 6 - 21 wks) during pregnancy. Exercise during pregnancy tended to result in later preterm deliveries (p = 0.08). Greater prenatal exercise volume and duration were associated with reduced infant hospital stay post-delivery (p = 0.02). Weekly exercise volume was associated with increased Apgar scores (p = 0.01). CONCLUSION: Increased prenatal exercise volume and duration is associated with improved birth outcomes in preterm neonates.
Complications of HIV disease and antiretroviral therapy. Highlights of the 11th Conference on Retroviruses and Opportunistic Infections, February 8-11, 2004, San Francisco, California, USA.; This year's conference provided newer insights on the complications of antiretroviral therapy, as well as into the complications that arise from HIV infection itself. Many presentations at the conference centered around metabolic complications of therapy, including lipid abnormalities, diabetes, body composition changes, bone disorders, and cardiovascular disease. New data on complications of HIV infection itself were presented, including those on coinfections with hepatitis B, C, and herpes simplex viruses, malaria, and tuberculosis, as well as complications that are important during pregnancy. This article summarizes these presentations.
Early life origins of metabolic disease: Developmental programming of hypothalamic pathways controlling energy homeostasis.; A wealth of animal and human studies demonstrate that perinatal exposure to adverse metabolic conditions - be it maternal obesity, diabetes or under-nutrition - results in predisposition of offspring to develop obesity later in life. This mechanism is a contributing factor to the exponential rise in obesity rates. Increased weight gain in offspring exposed to maternal obesity is usually associated with hyperphagia, implicating altered central regulation of energy homeostasis as an underlying cause. Perinatal development of the hypothalamus (a brain region key to metabolic regulation) is plastic and sensitive to metabolic signals during this critical time window. Recent research in non-human primate and rodent models has demonstrated that exposure to adverse maternal environments impairs the development of hypothalamic structure and consequently function, potentially underpinning metabolic phenotypes in later life. This review summarizes our current knowledge of how adverse perinatal environments program hypothalamic development and explores the mechanisms that could mediate these effects.
Risk factors and outcomes associated with Left Ventricular Thrombus in patients with Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: An insight from National Inpatient Sample Database.; BACKGROUND: : We sought to assess the prevalence and impact of left ventricular thrombus (LVT) in patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). METHODS: : We performed a retrospective cohort study of all admissions with PPCM as the primary diagnosis from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample database over a 11-year period. Univariate analysis of all risk factors and outcomes and multivariable logistic regression analysis of certain variables were performed and represented as odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence interval (CI). A p value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Statistical analysis was performed using epiDisplay in 'R' studio. RESULTS: : In the time frame spanning 2005 -2014, 43,986 admissions with PPCM were found which included 43,534 without LVT and 452 patients with LVT. Black race was associated with a higher incidence of LV thrombus, (p value <0.001). Comorbidities more prevalent in the LVT group were smoking, drug abuse, pregnancy induced hypertension, diabetes with complications, valvular heart disease, connective tissue disorders, coagulopathy, anemia and depression. Adverse outcomes such as congestive heart failure, arrhythmias and stroke were higher in LVT group. Conversely, Caucasian race, obesity, preeclampsia (p <0.005) were higher in those without LVT. Mean length of stay (9 vs 5 days, p <0.001), in hospital mortality (3.32% vs 1.41%, p = 0.001) and mean hospitalization charges ($85,390 vs $48,033) were higher in those with LVT. However, on multivariate logistic regression, although stroke was higher in the LVT group (adjusted OR 5.51, 95% CI, 2.2, 13.81, 5.05, p 0.002), in-hospital mortality was not significantly different between the two groups (adjusted OR 1.17, 95% CI,0.32, 4.23, p = 0.817). CONCLUSION: : Our study showed that PPCM patients with LV thrombus had worse outcomes with respect to stroke, length of stay and in hospital mortality. Higher prevalence in patients with black race, complicated diabetes, peripheral vascular disease, valvular disease, coagulopathy, smoking, drug abuse, depression and psychoses calls for special attention to such high-risk groups for aggressive risk factor modification.
Home Blood Pressure for the Prediction of Preeclampsia in Women With Preexisting Diabetes.; CONTEXT: Outside of pregnancy, home blood pressure (BP) has been shown to be superior to office BP for predicting cardiovascular outcomes. OBJECTIVE: This work aimed to evaluate home BP as a predictor of preeclampsia in comparison with office BP in pregnant women with preexisting diabetes. METHODS: A prospective cohort study was conducted of 404 pregnant women with preexisting diabetes; home BP and office BP were measured in early (9 weeks) and late pregnancy (35 weeks). Discriminative performance of home BP and office BP for prediction of preeclampsia was assessed by area under the receiver operating characteristic curves (AUC). RESULTS: In total 12% (n = 49/404) developed preeclampsia. Both home BP and office BP in early pregnancy were positively associated with the development of preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) per 5 mm Hg, systolic/diastolic): home BP 1.43 (1.21-1.70)/1.74 (1.34-2.25) and office BP 1.22 (1.06-1.40)/1.52 (1.23-1.87). The discriminative performance for prediction of preeclampsia was similar for early-pregnancy home BP and office BP (systolic, AUC 69.3 [61.3-77.2] vs 64.1 [55.5-72.8]; P = .21 and diastolic, AUC 68.6 [60.2-77.0] vs 66.6 [58.2-75.1]; P = .64). Similar results were seen when comparing AUCs in late pregnancy (n = 304). In early and late pregnancy home BP was lower than office BP (early pregnancy P < .0001 and late pregnancy P < .01 for both systolic and diastolic BP), and the difference was greater with increasing office BP. CONCLUSION: In women with preexisting diabetes, home BP and office BP were positively associated with the development of preeclampsia, and for the prediction of preeclampsia home BP and office BP were comparable.
Higher parity is associated with an increased risk of type-II diabetes in Chinese women: the Singapore Chinese Health Study.; OBJECTIVE: The association between parity and type-II diabetes has been studied primarily in Western populations, and the findings have been inconsistent. Here, we examine whether parity was positively associated with incident type-II diabetes in Singaporean Chinese women. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: Singapore. POPULATION: A total of 25,021 Singaporean Chinese women aged 45-74 years from the Singapore Chinese Health Study who were free of cancer, heart disease, stroke, and diabetes at baseline (1993-1998). METHODS: Women were followed through 2004 for incident diabetes. Hazard ratios for type-II diabetes were computed across parity (of live births) categories and adjusted for baseline age, interview year, dialect, education, smoking, dietary pattern, physical activity, age at menarche, oral contraceptive use, menopausal status, hormone therapy use, and body mass index (BMI). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Self-reported diabetes, as diagnosed by a doctor. RESULTS: Over an average of 5.7 person-years of follow-up, 1294 women were diagnosed with diabetes. Before and after multivariable adjustment there was a positive graded association between parity and type-II diabetes risk (P < 0.001). In the fully adjusted model, which included adult BMI, the risk of type-II diabetes increased by 31% (from -2 to 76%), 62% (from 22 to 116%), and 74% (from 29 to 133%) for women with one or two, three or four, and five or more live births, respectively, compared with women with no live births. Moreover, in a supplementary multivariate analysis in non-diabetic women we found a positive monotonic association between parity and glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) (P = 0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Increased parity may be a risk factor for type-II diabetes in Chinese women. More research is needed on lifestyle and physiologic factors that may explain this association.
Controlled Antenatal Thyroid Screening Study III: Effects of gestational thyroid status on adolescent brain morphology.; CONTEXT: Children born to mothers with gestational hypo- or hyperthyroidism may have increased risk of adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. However, the effects of maternal thyroid status on offspring brain development are unclear. OBJECTIVE: To establish whether adolescent brain morphology is affected by suboptimal gestational thyroid function (SGTF). DESIGN AND SETTING: The Controlled Antenatal Thyroid Screening (CATS) study randomized mothers with SGTF to levothyroxine or no supplementation from ∼12 weeks' gestation. At age 9, children born to mothers who were over-treated with levothyroxine had a higher risk of conduct and hyperactivity traits. For the current CATS III study, children underwent neuroimaging studies, including T1-weighted structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). PARTICIPANTS: A total of 85 children aged 11-16 years had usable T1-weighted MRI data (exposed to untreated SGTF (n=21), normal GTF (n=24), or treated SGTF (optimally-treated (n=21), over-treated (n=20)). MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Primary outcome: to examine the association of SGTF and its treatment with global brain volumes. Secondary and exploratory outcomes: to investigate the association of maternal TSH and free T4 levels with global and subregional brain volumes. Results were adjusted for age, sex and pubertal scores. RESULTS: There were no significant differences in global brain volumetric measures between groups, including total gray matter volume (p=0.373). Weak positive correlations were found between maternal TSH, but not FT4, levels and several brain volumes, but these did not survive testing for multiple comparisons. CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence that SGTF was associated with differences in adolescent brain morphology, and no impact of levothyroxine supplementation.
Kynurenines and vitamin B6: link between diabetes and depression.; The increased association between depression and diabetes mellitus is generally acknowledged. Recent studies suggest that depression leads to diabetes. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms for this association remain unclear. Literature and our data indicate that inflammatory and/or stress factors in depression up-regulate tryptophan (TRP) conversion into kynurenine (KYN), a substrate for nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) biosynthesis. Deficiency of vitamin B6, a cofactor of the key enzymes of KYN - NAD pathway, shunts KYN metabolism from formation of NAD towards production of xanthurenic (XA) and kynurenic (KYNA) acids. Human and experimental studies reveal that XA, KYNA and their metabolites interfere with production, release and biological activity of insulin. We propose that inflammation- and/or stress-induced up-regulation of TRP - KYN metabolism in combination with vitamin B6 deficiency is one of the mechanisms mediating increased risk of diabetes in depression. Consequently, monitoring formation of diabetogenic KYN derivatives might help to identify subjects-at-risk for the development of diabetes. Pharmacological down-regulation of the TRP - KYN - NAD pathway and maintenance of adequate vitamin B6 status might help to prevent the development of diabetes in depression and other conditions associated with inflammation/stress- induced excessive production of KYN and vitamin B6 deficiency, e.g., obesity, cardiovascular diseases, aging, menopause, pregnancy, and hepatitis C virus infection.
Systemic hypertension.; Hypertension is a growing public health problem worldwide. Only 37% of American hypertensives currently have their blood pressures controlled. Hypertension is traditionally diagnosed in the medical office, but both home and ambulatory blood pressure monitoring can help. Lifestyle modifications are recommended for everyone who has higher than "normal" blood pressure (<120/80 mm Hg). Voluminous clinical trial data support beginning drug therapy with low-dose chlorthalidone, unless the patient has a specific indication for a different drug. Additional drugs (typically in the sequence, angiotensin converting-enzyme inhibitor or angiotensin receptor blocker, calcium antagonist, beta-blocker, alpha-blocker, aldosterone antagonist, direct vasodilator, and centrally acting alpha(2)-agonist) can be added to achieve the blood pressure goal (usually <140/90 mm Hg, but <130/80 mm Hg for diabetics and those with chronic kidney disease). Special circumstances exist for treatment of hypertension in pregnancy, in childhood, in the elderly, and in both extremes of blood pressure (pre-hypertension or hypertensive emergencies).
Nonrespiratory Comorbidities in Asthma.; Asthma is a chronic heterogeneous airway disease. Common comorbid conditions are often disproportionately present in severe asthma. Optimal care of patients with asthma requires the recognition and treatment of these comorbid conditions. This review outlines the pathophysiological mechanisms between nonrespiratory comorbid conditions and asthma and their effect on asthma outcomes. They include: type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, adrenal and thyroid gland diseases, pregnancy, osteoporosis, adverse effects from medications, and mental health disorders. Studies indicate how poor glycemic control of type 2 diabetes mellitus is associated with not only greater health care utilization but poorer asthma outcomes. Also, a large health care claims database indicates that a substantial proportion of pregnant women have uncontrolled asthma and are prescribed suboptimal controller therapy. Additional data about these nonrespiratory comorbidities and medications known to benefit both nonrespiratory comorbidities and asthma are necessary.
Management of the podiatric surgical patient with systemic conditions.; Podiatric surgeons no longer care only for patients who are systemically well. The foot surgeon must also become intimately familiar with the diseases and conditions which may affect his patients.
Pregnancy outcomes for simultaneous Pancreas-Kidney transplant recipients versus kidney transplant recipients.; Data about pregnancy outcomes for simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplant recipients (SPKR) are limited. We compared pregnancy outcomes in SPKR to Kidney Transplant Recipients (KTR) from 2001-17 using the Australia and New Zealand Dialysis and Transplant (ANZDATA) Registry and the Australian and New Zealand Pancreas Islet Transplant Registry (ANZPITR). A total of 19 pregnancies to 15 SPKR mothers, and 348 pregnancies to 235 KTR mothers were reported. Maternal ages were similar (SPKR 33.9 ± 3.9 years; KTR 32.1 ± 4.8 years, p = .10); however, SPKR had a shorter transplant to first-pregnancy interval compared to KTR (SPKR 3.3 years, IQR (1.7, 4.1); KTR 5 years, IQR (2.6, 8.7), p = .02). Median difference in creatinine pre- and post-pregnancy was similar between the groups (KTR -3 µmol/L, IQR (-15, 6), SPKR -3 µmol/L, IQR (-11, 3), p = .86). Maternal, fetal and kidney transplant outcomes were similar despite higher rates of pre-existing peripheral vascular and coronary artery diseases in SPKR. Live birth rates (>20 weeks) were comparable (SPKR 93.8% vs. KTR 96.8%, p = .06). KTR with either type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus (24 births) had similar outcomes compared to SPKR. In this national cohort, pregnancy outcomes were similar between SPKR and KTR mothers; however, findings should be interpreted with caution due to small sample sizes.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 infection.; OBJECTIVES: We aimed to determine whether severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection in pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). METHODS: A multicenter retrospective cohort study of all pregnant patients who had SARS-CoV-2 testing and delivered in a large health system between March 2020 and March 2021. Cases were stratified into two groups: patients who tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 during pregnancy vs. patients who tested negative. The primary outcome of HDP, defined as a composite of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome (HELLP Syndrome), and eclampsia by standard criteria, was compared between the two groups. Statistical analysis included multivariable logistic regression to adjust for potential confounders such as maternal demographics and comorbidities. Patient ZIP codes were linked to neighborhood-level data from the US Census Bureau's American Community Survey. RESULTS: Of the 22,438 patients included, 1,653 (7.4%) tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 infection. Baseline demographics such as age, body mass index, race, ethnicity, insurance type, neighborhood-built environmental and socioeconomic status, nulliparity, and pregestational diabetes differed significantly between the two groups. SARS-CoV- 2 infection in pregnancy was not associated with an increased risk of HDP compared to those without infection (14.9 vs. 14.8%; aOR 1.06 95% CI 0.90-1.24). CONCLUSIONS: In this large cohort that included a universally-tested population with several socioeconomic indicators, SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy was not associated with an increased risk of HDP.
Altered PI3-kinase/Akt signalling in skeletal muscle of young men with low birth weight.; BACKGROUND: Low birth weight (LBW) is associated with increased future risk of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The underlying molecular mechanisms remain poorly understood. We have previously shown that young LBW men have reduced skeletal muscle expression of PI3K p85alpha regulatory subunit and p110beta catalytic subunit, PKCzeta and GLUT4 in the fasting state. The aim of this study was to determine whether insulin activation of the PI3K/Akt and MAPK signalling pathways is altered in skeletal muscle of young adult men with LBW. METHODS: Vastus lateralis muscle biopsies were obtained from 20 healthy 19-yr old men with BW< or = 10th percentile for gestational age (LBW) and 20 normal birth weight controls (NBW), matched for physical fitness and whole-body glucose disposal, prior to (fasting state) and following a 4-hr hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp (insulin stimulated state). Expression and phosphorylation of selected proteins was determined by Western blotting. PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Insulin stimulated expression of aPKCzeta (p<0.001) and Akt1 (p<0.001) was decreased in muscle of LBW men when compared to insulin stimulated controls. LBW was associated with increased insulin stimulated levels of IRS1 (p<0.05), PI3K p85alpha (p<0.001) and p110beta (p<0.05) subunits, while there was no significant change in these proteins in insulin stimulated control muscle. In addition LBW had reduced insulin stimulated phospho-Akt (Ser 473) (p<0.01), indicative of reduced Akt signalling. Insulin stimulated expression/phosphorylation of all the MAPK proteins studied [p38 MAPK, phospho-p38 MAPK (Thr180/Tyr182), phospho-ERK (Thr 202/Tyr204), JNK1, JNK2 and phospho-JNK (Thr 183/Tyr185)] was not different between groups. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that altered insulin activation of the PI3K/Akt but not the MAPK pathway precedes and may contribute to development of whole-body insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in men with LBW.
Pakistan Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) Society: addressing the 'DO' component of DOHaD.; Adverse intrauterine environment could serve as an important stimulus for postnatal altered health status and for increased susceptibility to long-term non-communicable diseases (NCDs). The notion is now recognized as the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD), which was first proposed by Sir David Barker. Since then, several scientific disciplines have strived to measure the magnitude of the early fetal programming and later risk of diseases. Pakistan, with striking figures of morbidity and mortality from NCDs, is currently tackling with double burden of diseases and requires planned efforts to counteract the threat of NCDs. Considering the growing needs and available evidences, Pakistan DOHaD Society was officially instigated in September 2016. The Society aims to explicitly address the association of life in utero with future health and disease and to endorse early screening and interventions to reduce the burden of NCDs, mental health issues and learning disorders along the life course. It has shown significant progress toward investigating the influence of adverse in utero environment such as diabetes, maternal under-nutrition and pre-eclampsia on fetal programming under two major research lines, that is, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular programming. The Society has been successful in disseminating its research findings through several esteemed international scientific conferences. Pakistan DOHaD Society encourages scientific community for collaborative research aimed at improving the quality of life during early childhood, adolescence and adulthood through provision of appropriate pre-pregnancy and antenatal interventions targeted to address at-risk in utero conditions.
Oral antidiabetic agents: current role in type 2 diabetes mellitus.; Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a progressive and complex disorder that is difficult to treat effectively in the long term. The majority of patients are overweight or obese at diagnosis and will be unable to achieve or sustain near normoglycaemia without oral antidiabetic agents; a sizeable proportion of patients will eventually require insulin therapy to maintain long-term glycaemic control, either as monotherapy or in conjunction with oral antidiabetic therapy. The frequent need for escalating therapy is held to reflect progressive loss of islet beta-cell function, usually in the presence of obesity-related insulin resistance. Today's clinicians are presented with an extensive range of oral antidiabetic drugs for type 2 diabetes. The main classes are heterogeneous in their modes of action, safety profiles and tolerability. These main classes include agents that stimulate insulin secretion (sulphonylureas and rapid-acting secretagogues), reduce hepatic glucose production (biguanides), delay digestion and absorption of intestinal carbohydrate (alpha-glucosidase inhibitors) or improve insulin action (thiazolidinediones). The UKPDS (United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study) demonstrated the benefits of intensified glycaemic control on microvascular complications in newly diagnosed patients with type 2 diabetes. However, the picture was less clearcut with regard to macrovascular disease, with neither sulphonylureas nor insulin significantly reducing cardiovascular events. The impact of oral antidiabetic agents on atherosclerosis--beyond expected effects on glycaemic control--is an increasingly important consideration. In the UKPDS, overweight and obese patients randomised to initial monotherapy with metformin experienced significant reductions in myocardial infarction and diabetes-related deaths. Metformin does not promote weight gain and has beneficial effects on several cardiovascular risk factors. Accordingly, metformin is widely regarded as the drug of choice for most patients with type 2 diabetes. Concern about cardiovascular safety of sulphonylureas has largely dissipated with generally reassuring results from clinical trials, including the UKPDS. Encouragingly, the recent Steno-2 Study showed that intensive target-driven, multifactorial approach to management, based around a sulphonylurea, reduced the risk of both micro- and macrovascular complications in high-risk patients. Theoretical advantages of selectively targeting postprandial hyperglycaemia require confirmation in clinical trials of drugs with preferential effects on this facet of hyperglycaemia are currently in progress. The insulin-sensitising thiazolidinedione class of antidiabetic agents has potentially advantageous effects on multiple components of the metabolic syndrome; the results of clinical trials with cardiovascular endpoints are awaited. The selection of initial monotherapy is based on a clinical and biochemical assessment of the patient, safety considerations being paramount. In some circumstances, for example pregnancy or severe hepatic or renal impairment, insulin may be the treatment of choice when nonpharmacological measures prove inadequate. Insulin is also required for metabolic decompensation, that is, incipient or actual diabetic ketoacidosis, or non-ketotic hyperosmolar hyperglycaemia. Certain comorbidities, for example presentation with myocardial infarction during other acute intercurrent illness, may make insulin the best option. Oral antidiabetic agents should be initiated at a low dose and titrated up according to glycaemic response, as judged by measurement of glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) concentration, supplemented in some patients by self monitoring of capillary blood glucose. The average glucose-lowering effect of the major classes of oral antidiabetic agents is broadly similar (averaging a 1-2% reduction in HbA1c), alpha-glucosidase inhibitors being rather less effective. Tailoring the treatment to the individual patient is an important principle. Doses are gradually titrated up according to response. However, the maximal glucose-lowering action for sulphonylureas is usually attained at appreciably lower doses (approximately 50%) than the manufacturers' recommended daily maximum. Combinations of certain agents, for example a secretagogue plus a biguanide or a thiazolidinedione, are logical and widely used, and combination preparations are now available in some countries. While the benefits of metformin added to a sulphonylurea were initially less favourable in the UKPDS, longer-term data have allayed concern. When considering long-term therapy, issues such as tolerability and convenience are important additional considerations. Neither sulphonylureas nor biguanides are able to appreciably alter the rate of progression of hyperglycaemia in patients with type 2 diabetes. Preliminary data suggesting that thiazolidinediones may provide better long-term glycaemic stability are currently being tested in clinical trials; current evidence, while encouraging, is not conclusive. Delayed progression from glucose intolerance to type 2 diabetes in high-risk individuals with glucose intolerance has been demonstrated with troglitazone, metformin and acarbose. However, intensive lifestyle intervention can be more effective than drug therapy, at least in the setting of interventional clinical trials. No antidiabetic drugs are presently licensed for use in prediabetic individuals.
Prenatal programming of postnatal endocrine responses by glucocorticoids.; Epidemiological studies have led to the hypothesis that a major component of the risk of diseases such as hypertension, coronary heart disease and non-insulin-dependent diabetes (the 'metabolic syndrome') is established before birth. Although the underlying mechanisms of this 'programming' of disease have not yet been conclusively determined, a reduced fetal nutrient supply as a consequence of poor placental function or unbalanced maternal nutrition is strongly implicated. It has been proposed that one outcome of suboptimal nutrition is exposure of the fetus to excess glucocorticoids, which restrict fetal growth and programme permanent alterations in its cardiovascular, endocrine and metabolic systems. This review focuses on the effects of endogenous and exogenous glucocorticoid exposure in utero on postnatal hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity, both in humans and experimental animals. The physiological consequences and proposed underlying molecular and cellular mechanisms are discussed. Current data indicate that key targets for programming may include not only the HPA axis but also glucocorticoid receptor gene and 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2 (11betaHSD2) gene expression in a range of tissues.
Genotoxicity and maternal-fetal safety of the dried extract of leaves of Azadirachta indica A. Juss (Meliaceae) in Wistar rats.; ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE: Azadirachta indica A. Juss (Meliaceae), popularly known as "neem", is used for the treatment of rheumatism, cancer, ulcers, diabetes, respiratory problems, among others. This species is present on six continents and contains more than 400 bioactive compounds. Practically all parts of the plant are used in the treatment of diseases. Although it is widely used, no study has evaluated the safety of this species throughout the gestational period in Wistar rats. AIM OF THE STUDY: To evaluate the genotoxicity and the effect of treatment with dried extract of leaves of Azadirachta indica on maternal toxicity and fetal development. MATERIALS AND METHODS: The dried extract of leaves of A. indica was obtained by spray drying after percolation of the plant material in 30% ethanol (w/w). The total flavonoids and rutin contents of the extract were determined by spectrophotometric method and HPLC-DAD, respectively. Pregnant Wistar rats (n = 40) were divided into four groups (n = 10/group): one control and three groups treated with dried extract of leaves of A. indica at doses of 300, 600 or 1200 mg/kg. Treatments were carried out from gestational day (GD) 0-20. During gestation, clinical signs of toxicity, weight gain, feed and water consumption of the dams were evaluated. On GD 21, rats were euthanized and cardiac blood was collected. Liver, kidneys, lung, heart, uterus, ovaries and bone marrow were collected. Reproductive performance parameters, histopathological analysis, biochemistry and genotoxicity were evaluated. Fetuses were evaluated for external morphology, skeletal and visceral changes. RESULTS: The total flavonoid content of the extract ranged from 2.64 to 3.01%, and the rutin content was 1.07%. There was no change in body mass gain, food and water consumption between the evaluated groups. There was also no difference between the groups in terms of biochemical parameters, reproductive performance, histopathological analysis of the mother's organs and genotoxicity. Supernumerary ossification sites of the sternum were observed, and other skeletal and visceral alterations were not significant. CONCLUSIONS: The treatment did not induce maternal toxicity, it was neither embryotoxic nor fetotoxic. The extract was not potentially genotoxic, and at a dose of 1200 mg/kg, it caused changes in the ossification of the sternum.
Paediatric cerebral palsy prevalence and high-risk factors in Henan province, Central China.; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the prevalence of, and risk factors for, cerebral palsy in Henan province, China. METHODS: The prevalence of cerebral palsy in children aged 0-6 years between September 2011 and September 2012 was investigated using a stratified-clustered-random sampling method. An age-, sex- , and residence-matched control group of typically developing children was recruited. Univariate analysis and multinomial logistic regression analysis were used to identify risk factors associated with cerebral palsy. RESULTS: The prevalence of cerebral palsy in Henan province was 2.37 per 1,000 live births. Risk factors included: moving into a newly painted room; complicating maternal diseases (infection, heart disease, hypertension, anaemia, diabetes, kidney disease) during pregnancy; high gravidity (> 3); foetal asphyxia; low birth-weight (< 2,500 g); and hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of cerebral palsy in Henan province was 2.37 per 1,000 live births. Parents and clinicians should be aware of the risk factors for cerebral palsy.
Transplantation of pancreatic beta-cells prevents development of hypothalamic obesity in rats.; The present experiments have tested the hypothesis that ventromedial hypothalamic (VMH) lesions enhance insulin secretion by neural mechanisms. Rats were made diabetic by injecting streptozotocin to destroy their own pancreatic beta-cells. Subsequently, transplants of fetal pancreatic tissue were placed under the renal capsule. VMH lesions were placed in rats whose diabetes was cured with transplants as well as sham-transplanted animals. The animals were followed for 4 wk. The lesioned rats with pancreatic transplants gained no more weight than the sham-operated controls. There was no significant rise in insulin in the transplanted rats after VMH lesioning, but the VMH lesioned rats with intact pancreatic tissue showed the expected rise in insulin. Food intake rose 71% in the VMH lesioned rats with intact beta-cells, but only 23% in the VMH lesioned rats with transplants. Hypertrophy of the pancreatic islets was also observed in the VMH lesioned rats with an intact pancreas, but was not found in the VMH lesioned rats with a transplanted pancreas. Thus, transplantation of pancreatic tissue beneath the renal capsule of diabetic rats prevented the characteristic hyperphagia, hyperinsulinemia, and obesity in VMH lesioned rats whose pancreas was free from intact innervation. The results support the hypothesis that neural mediation of the rise in insulin is the primary factor in the development of hypothalamic obesity.
The distribution pattern of M2 and Adrenergic(α2) receptors on inferior colliculi in male newborns of diabetic rats.; AIMS: Despite the high prevalence of diabetes in the world, its possible effects throughut pregnancy on neonatal auditory nervous system development are still unknown. In the present research, maternal diabetes' impact on the M2 and Adrenergic(α2) receptors expression in the inferior colliculus (IC) of male newborn rats was investigated. MAIN METHODS: Female rats were grouped into three: sham, insulin-treated diabetic, and diabetic. Diabetes was induced through streptozotocin (STZ) injection as one dose intraperitoneally (65 mg/kg). After mating and delivery, male rats were euthanized on P0, P7, and P14. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was used to study the distribution pattern of receptors. KEY FINDINGS: The present study indicated that the expression of M2 receptors in the diabetic group was significantly increased in pairwise comparisons in the sham and diabetic treated with insulin groups (P < 0.001, each). The highest M2 expression was for the diabetic group on P14 and the lowest one was for the sham group on P0. The Adrenergic(α2a) receptors expression in the diabetic group was significantly reduced in pairwise comparisons in the sham and diabetic treated with insulin groups (P < 0.001, each). The highest Adrenergic(α2a) expression was for the sham group on P14 and the lowest one was for the diabetic group on P0. There was no significant difference between the sham and insulin groups regarding all receptors expression. SIGNIFICANCE: This study demonstrated a time-dependent significant decrease in Adrenergic(α2a) but a time-dependent significant increase in M2 receptors expression.
Inducible reduction in pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A gene expression inhibits established atherosclerotic plaque progression in mice.; Pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) is a novel zinc metalloproteinase implicated in cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to determine whether a reduction in PAPP-A expression in the adult affects the progression of established atherosclerotic plaque. Apolipoprotein E-null mice were fed a high-fat diet for 5 weeks to initiate early-stage plaque development before tamoxifen-inducible, Cre recombinase-mediated excision of the floxed PAPP-A gene. High-fat feeding was continued, and after 10 weeks the aorta and brachiocephalic artery were harvested for atherosclerotic plaque analyses of overall burden and morphology, respectively. An inducible decrease in PAPP-A gene expression significantly inhibited atherosclerotic plaque progression as assessed by a 70% reduction in plaque burden in the aorta (P = .012) without an effect on the elevated circulating levels of cholesterol and triglycerides in this model. Furthermore, this reduction in PAPP-A prevented the development of advanced plaque with necrotic cores and buried fibrous caps in the brachiocephalic artery. These data indicate PAPP-A as a potential target to limit progression of established atherosclerotic plaque.
High-throughput mRNA-seq atlas of human placenta shows vast transcriptome remodeling from first to third trimester†.; The placenta, composed of chorionic villi, changes dramatically across gestation. Understanding differences in ongoing pregnancies are essential to identify the role of chorionic villi at specific times in gestation and develop biomarkers and prognostic indicators of maternal-fetal health. The normative mRNA profile is established using next-generation sequencing of 124 first trimester and 43 third trimester human placentas from ongoing healthy pregnancies. Stably expressed genes (SEGs) not different between trimesters and with low variability are identified. Differential expression analysis of first versus third trimester adjusted for fetal sex is performed, followed by a subanalysis with 23 matched pregnancies to control for subject variability using the same genetic and environmental background. Placenta expresses 14,979 polyadenylated genes above sequencing noise (transcripts per million > 0.66), with 10.7% SEGs across gestation. Differentially expressed genes (DEGs) account for 86.7% of genes in the full cohort [false discovery rate (FDR) < 0.05]. Fold changes highly correlate between the full cohort and subanalysis (Pearson = 0.98). At stricter thresholds (FDR < 0.001, fold change > 1.5), there remains 50.1% DEGs (3353 upregulated in first and 4155 upregulated in third trimester). This is the largest mRNA atlas of healthy human placenta across gestation, controlling for genetic and environmental factors, demonstrating substantial changes from first to third trimester in chorionic villi. Specific differences and SEGs may be used to understand the specific role of the chorionic villi throughout gestation and develop first trimester biomarkers of placental health that transpire across gestation, which can be used for future development of biomarkers for maternal-fetal health.
Defining ambulatory care sensitive conditions for adults in Portugal.; BACKGROUND: Ambulatory Care Sensitive Conditions (ACSCs) are health conditions for which adequate management, treatment and interventions delivered in the ambulatory care setting could potentially prevent hospitalization. Which conditions are sensitive to ambulatory care varies according to the scope of health care services and the context in which the indicator is used. The need for a country-specific validated list for Portugal has already been identified, but currently no national list exists. The objective of this study was to develop a list of Ambulatory Care Sensitive Conditions for Portugal. METHODS: A modified web-based Delphi panel approach was designed, in order to determine which conditions can be considered ACSCs in the Portuguese adult population. The selected experts were general practitioners and internal medicine physicians identified by the most relevant Portuguese scientific societies. Experts were presented with previously identified ACSC and asked to select which could be accepted in the Portuguese context. They were also asked to identify other conditions they considered relevant. We estimated the number and cost of ACSC hospitalizations in 2017 in Portugal according to the identified conditions. RESULTS: After three rounds the experts agreed on 34 of the 45 initially proposed items. Fourteen new conditions were proposed and four achieved consensus, namely uterine cervical cancer, colorectal cancer, thromboembolic venous disease and voluntary termination of pregnancy. In 2017 133,427 hospitalizations were for ACSC (15.7% of all hospitalizations). This represents a rate of 1685 per 100,000 adults. The most frequent diagnosis were pneumonia, heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease/chronic bronchitis, urinary tract infection, colorectal cancer, hypertensive disease atrial fibrillation and complications of diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSIONS: New ACSC were identified. It is expected that this list could be used henceforward by epidemiologic studies, health services research and for healthcare management purposes. ACSC lists should be updated frequently. Further research is necessary to increase the specificity of ACSC hospitalizations as an indicator of healthcare performance.
The effects of alloxan diabetes on Yucatan miniature swine and their progeny.; Alloxanization as a method to induce diabetes has been successfully undertaken in several laboratory animal models. The genetic transmissibility of the alloxan-diabetic condition has been investigated and confirmed by several studies in rodents. The Yucatan miniature pig is a potential laboratory animal model for diabetes. Studies were conducted to investigate the possibility that alloxan diabetes could be transmitted to subsequent generations in these animals. Diabetic pigs were produced directly with alloxanization, but the genetic transmissibility of this trait was not substantiated through the F2 generation. On the basis of these data, alloxan diabetes is not transmissible in Yucatan pigs in the same way that it is in rats.
Clinicoradiologic correlation in adult patients diagnosed with novel influenza A (H1N1).; BACKGROUND: Influenza A(H1N1) infection affected Indian population in 2009. Patients needed ICU admission and monitoring. OBJECTIVES: To describe and correlate clinical and radiographic features of Influenza A(H1N1) infection in patients hospitalised in Intensive care unit. MATERIAL AND METHODS: Retrospective study of records of 100 RT-PCR confirmed patients with Influenza A(H1N1) infection from August 2009 to March 2010 was done. Each patient underwent an evaluation to determine clinical and radiographic features. RESULTS: Mean age of the patients was 33.43 years (+/- 12.152) with maximum patients between 18-40 years, with 53% males and 43% females. Cough (96%), Fever (95%), breathlessness (83%), throat pain (34%), crepitations (69%), Tachypnoea (59%)were the prominent symptoms and signs. 61% (n = 63) had comorbid condition like pregnancy (n = 13,20.63%), Diabetes Mellitus (DM) (n = 12,19.05%), HT (n = 11,17.60%), Obesity (n = 10, 15.87%) and Rheumatic Valvular Heart Disease (RVHD) (n = 6,09.52%). Chest X ray was abnormal in 91% patients and normal in 09% pts. Bilateral findings were seen in 61.53% cases. Most common zones affected were lower zones (77.46%), then middle zones (71.42%), followed by upper zones (42.7%). Most common patterns were consolidation (64.83%), reticulonodular (24.17%) and nodular (10.98%). 27.47% had two, 21.97% had four, 19.78% had three,12.08% had six, 7.69% had five and 10.98% had single zone involvement. Fever, cough and tachypnoea were present in all 100% pts with nodular pattern while crepitations were observed in 79.66% cases of consolidation. Patchy consolidation was seen in comorbidities like pregnancy (n = 10) and obesity (n = 06), while reticulonodular pattern was observed in hypertensive patients (n = 06). Maximum number of deaths were between 21 and 30 years of age (60.71%). Total number of deaths were 28 with 60.71% (n = 17) deaths between 21 and 30 years of age. Deaths were more in presence of comorbidities like Pregnancy (n = 5, 17.85%), Hypertension (n = 4,14.28%), Diabetes (n = 3 10.21%) and RVHD (n = 3,10.71%), in presence of RLZ involvement (92.85%), RMZ (89.28%), LMZ (85.21%) and RUZ involvement (71.42%), with consolidation pattern (57.14%) followed by reticulonodular pattern (21.42%) and in presence of six zone involvement (36.37%) followed by four zone (35%) and then by three(33%) and two (32%) zone involvement. Mean duration of hospital stay was 9.1 days. 23% patients stayed for less than 5 days, 41% stayed between 9 and 14 days while only 7% required to stay for more than 15 days. 37% pts showed normal Xray at the time of discharge or death. 38% patients showed persistence of radiological lesion at discharge or death. CONCLUSIONS: Young to middle age patients were commonly affected. Common comorbidities were Pregnancy, Diabetes, Hypertension, and Obesity and patients had fever, cough, breathlessness, tachypnoea, crepitations as common clinical features. Radiologically it was multizonal, bilateral disease with predominant lower zone involvement and common patterns were consolidation followed by reticulonodular and nodular. Patchy consolidation was more common in pregnancy and obesity while reticulonodular pattern was more in hypertensive patients. Fever, cough and tachypnoea were present in all 100% pts with nodular pattern. Crepitations were common in pts with consolidation. Clinical recovery preceded radiological recovery. Young to middle aged individuals died more. Deaths were more in presence of comorbidities like Pregnancy, HT, DM and RVHD, also with RLZ, RMZ, LMZ involvement and with consolidation pattern and with six zone involvement.
[Epidemiological status and risk factors for hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy in a district in Changsha].; OBJECTIVE: To comprehend the epidemiological status and risk factors in hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy (HDCP) in a district in Changsha, and to provide epidemiological evidence for early intervention of HDCP. METHODS: A total of 2 148 pregnant women in a district in Changsha from 2008 to 2009 were retrospectively analyzed and the related factors were evaluated by multivariate unconditional logistic analysis. RESULTS: The incidence of HDCP was 5.21% from 2008 to 2009. Multivariate unconditional logistic regression analysis showed that age (>35 years old)(OR=6.440,95%CI:2.987-13.884), body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy (OR=2.180,95%CI:1.619-2.936), and history of diabetes or kidney disease (OR=14.221,95%CI: 3.990-50.684) were risk factors for HDCP. CONCLUSION: Age, BMI before pregnancy, and history of diabetes or kidney disease are risk factors for HDCP, while gravidity, parity, number of abortion and multiple gestation pregnancy have no obvious correlation with HDCP.
Headache, pituitary lesion and panhypopituitarism in a pregnant woman: tumor, apoplexy or hypophysitis?; Pituitary dysfunction during pregnancy and its differential diagnosis and treatment can be challenging, as illustrated by the following case. A 22-year-old woman underwent a C-section at 32 weeks of gestation because of preterm labor. She had headache, vision disturbance, polyuria, polydipsia, hypernatremia, diabetes insipidus and a pituitary lesion with findings compatible with apoplexy. Hormonal testing revealed panhypopituitarism. The peripartum presentation, magnetic resonance imaging findings, autoimmunity and global pituitary dysfunction led to the clinical diagnosis of autoimmune lymphocytic hypophysitis. The patient was begun on appropriate hormone replacement therapy. A follow-up magnetic resonance imaging 6 weeks later showed spontaneous regression of the abnormality and a normal-appearing pituitary gland. Thus, acute presentations of pituitary-based pathology during gestation can include previously unrecognized but enlarging tumors, apoplectic hemorrhage and necrosis, and the entity of lymphocytic hypophysitis. A careful evaluation of the clinical, biochemical and radiological characteristics is imperative for accurate diagnosis and proper management to ensure optimal obstetrical outcome.
Acetoacetate protects hippocampal neurons against glutamate-mediated neuronal damage during glycolysis inhibition.; Glucose is the main substrate that fulfills energy brain demands. However, in some circumstances, such as diabetes, starvation, during the suckling period and the ketogenic diet, brain uses the ketone bodies, acetoacetate and beta-hydroxybutyrate, as energy sources. Ketone body utilization in brain depends directly on its blood concentration, which is normally very low, but increases substantially during the conditions mentioned above. Glutamate neurotoxicity has been implicated in neurodegeneration associated with brain ischemia, hypoglycemia and cerebral trauma, conditions related to energy failure, and to elevation of glutamate extracellular levels in brain. In recent years substantial evidence favoring a close relation between glutamate neurotoxic potentiality and cellular energy levels, has been compiled. We have previously demonstrated that accumulation of extracellular glutamate after inhibition of its transporters, induces neuronal death in vivo during energy impairment induced by glycolysis inhibition. In the present study we have assessed the protective potentiality of the ketone body, acetoacetate, against glutamate-mediated neuronal damage in the hippocampus of rats chronically treated with the glycolysis inhibitor, iodoacetate, and in hippocampal cultured neurons exposed to a toxic concentration of iodoacetate. Results show that acetoacetate efficiently protects against glutamate neurotoxicity both in vivo and in vitro probably by a mechanism involving its role as an energy substrate.
Placental 11β-HSD2 and Cardiometabolic Health Indicators in Infancy.; OBJECTIVE: Fetal excessive exposure to glucocorticoids may program cardiometabolic risk. Placental 11 β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 2 (11β-HSD2) serves as a barrier to prevent fetal overexposure to maternal glucocorticoids. It has not been explored whether placental 11β-HSD2 levels are associated with cardiometabolic health in postnatal life. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS: In a prospective birth cohort study of 246 mother-infant pairs, we measured placental 11β-HSD2 expression and maternal (32-35 weeks of gestation) and cord plasma cortisol concentrations. The primary outcomes were HOMA of insulin resistance (IR) and blood pressure (BP) in infants at age 1 year. Other outcomes included fasting insulin, HOMA β-cell function, carotid intima-media thickness, weight z score, and skinfold thickness (triceps and subscapular) at age 1 year. RESULTS: Placental 11β-HSD2 expression was negatively correlated with HOMA-IR (r = -0.17, P = 0.021) and fasting insulin (r = -0.18, P = 0.017) and marginally negatively correlated with systolic BP (r = -0.16, P = 0.057) but was not correlated with HOMA of β-cell function, diastolic BP, carotid intima-media thickness, and skinfold thickness (all P > 0.1) in infants at age 1 year. Cord plasma cortisol was negatively correlated to skinfold thickness (r = -0.20, P = 0007) but was not correlated with other outcomes at age 1 year. Maternal plasma cortisol was positively correlated with maximal carotid intima-media thickness (r = 0.20, P = 0.03) but was not correlated with other outcomes. Adjusting for maternal and infant characteristics, the associations were similar. CONCLUSIONS: The study is the first to show that higher placental 11β-HSD2 expression is associated with lower IR in infancy. Independent cohort studies are required to confirm this novel finding.
Catecholamines mediate multiple fetal adaptations during placental insufficiency that contribute to intrauterine growth restriction: lessons from hyperthermic sheep.; Placental insufficiency (PI) prevents adequate delivery of nutrients to the developing fetus and creates a chronic state of hypoxemia and hypoglycemia. In response, the malnourished fetus develops a series of stress hormone-mediated metabolic adaptations to preserve glucose for vital tissues at the expense of somatic growth. Catecholamines suppress insulin secretion to promote glucose sparing for insulin-independent tissues (brain, nerves) over insulin-dependent tissues (skeletal muscle, liver, and adipose). Likewise, premature induction of hepatic gluconeogenesis helps maintain fetal glucose and appears to be stimulated by both norepinephrine and glucagon. Reduced glucose oxidation rate in PI fetuses creates a surplus of glycolysis-derived lactate that serves as substrate for hepatic gluconeogenesis. These adrenergically influenced adaptive responses promote in utero survival but also cause asymmetric intrauterine growth restriction and small-for-gestational-age infants that are at greater risk for serious metabolic disorders throughout postnatal life, including obesity and type II diabetes.
Clinical Updates in Women's Health Care Summary: Surgical Considerations: Primary and Preventive Care Review.; Obstetrician-gynecologists often incorporate surgical procedures in the care of women. Each phase of a woman's life cycle presents different challenges regarding preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative management. Appropriate workup and preparation of patients for surgery are key to a successful surgical outcome. As women age, their risk of medical comorbidities, such as coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, or obesity, increases, as does the need for surgical procedures. Correctly identifying medical conditions and related surgical risks will help obstetrician-gynecologists provide safe, appropriate, and evidence-based care to women. Increasingly, obstetrician-gynecologists work in the setting of multidisciplinary teams, and many have access to preoperative assessment clinics and hospitalists to assist in the management of preoperative and perioperative patients. It is the responsibility of the referring physician to understand the services these clinics and hospitalists provide. An appropriate and cost-effective evidence-based preliminary workup, such as laboratory and imaging tests, also is important. The purpose of this monograph is to help guide obstetrician-gynecologists through the appropriate preoperative assessment of women who require surgery and identify intraoperative and postoperative management strategies that will help decrease avoidable morbidity and mortality of these patients.
The association of maternal hypertensive disorders with neonatal congenital heart disease: analysis of a United States cohort.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association of any type of maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and neonatal congenital heart diseases (CHD). STUDY DESIGN: We compared the prevalence of CHD between neonates born to mothers with HDP to those delivered to mothers without HDP among 24,525,889 hospital records of living infants, from a national database. We controlled for multiple confounding factors by using multiple logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Infants delivered to mothers with HDP had higher prevalence of CHD compared to infants born to mothers without HDP [5.20% vs. 1.47%; aOR: 2.51(2.38-2.64), p < 0.001]. Maternal diabetes was more frequent among infants born to mothers with HDP and was independently associated with CHD [aOR 5.14 (5.04-5.23), p < 0.001]. CONCLUSION: Infants born to mothers with hypertension had almost a threefold increase in CHD compared with those born to mothers without hypertension. Further studies are needed to investigate the underlying mechanism and direction of this association.
Fetal undernutrition and disease in later life.; Recent findings suggest that coronary heart disease and stroke, and the associated conditions, hypertension and non-insulin dependent diabetes, originate through impaired growth and development during fetal life and infancy. These diseases may be consequences of 'programming', whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period of early life results in long-term changes in physiology or metabolism. Animal studies provide many examples of programming, which occurs because the systems and organs of the body mature during periods of rapid growth in fetal life and infancy. There are critical windows of time during which maturation must be achieved; and failure of maturation is largely irrecoverable.
Maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by overweight and obesity.; BACKGROUND: Overweight and obesity are associated with pregnancy complications and adverse perinatal outcomes, posing short and long-term risks for maternal and child health. This study evaluated maternal, delivery and neonatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by overweight and obesity. METHODS: This prospective cross-sectional study included 258 pregnant women. According to prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), participants were classified as normal weight, overweight, or obese. Data were analyzed using the chi-square test and analysis of variance followed by the Tukey test. Logistic regression was performed to calculate odds ratios and 95 % confidence intervals (p < 0.05). RESULTS: Most women ≥ 35 years old were overweight (22.7 %) and obese (27.6 %). Prepregnancy diabetes was significantly associated with obesity (15.7 %, p < 0.000). Obese women showed the lowest weight gain (9.6 ± 7.5Kg). Overweight and obese women practiced physical exercise more frequently (p = 0.010) than normal weight women. A greater proportion of obese mothers (13.4 %) had large for gestational age babies (p = 0.021), with higher thoracic circumference (33.6 ± 2.0 cm) and abdominal circumference (31.6 ± 2.3 cm). Obesity increased the risk of developing hypertension (OR = 7.0; 3.1-15.9), hyperglycemic disturbances (OR = 5.5; 2.9-10.6) and HbA1c ≥ 6.5 % (OR = 3.7; 1.2-11.1). The infants born to obese mothers had longer hospital stay (3.9 ± 3.9 days) (p = 0.005). CONCLUSION: Our results confirm that obesity in pregnancy can lead to adverse outcomes, and underscore the importance of identifying and treating inadequate weight status during pregnancy.
Long chain n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid intake across the life span for cardiovascular disease prevention in women.; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a major health concern for women. Historically there has been a misconception that men are at greater risk because CVD tends to occur earlier in life compared to women. Clinical guidelines for prevention of heart disease are currently the same for both sexes, but accumulating evidence demonstrates that risk profiles diverge. In fact, several CVD risk factors confer an even greater risk in women relative to men, including high blood pressure, obesity, diabetes and raised triglycerides. Furthermore, many female-specific CVD risk factors exist, including early menarche, pregnancy complications, polycystic ovary syndrome, reproductive hormonal treatments and menopause. Little is known about how diet interacts with CVD risk factors at various stages of a woman’s life. Long chain (LC) n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid (PUFA) intakes are a key dietary factor that may impact risk of CVD throughout the life course differentially in men and women. Oestrogen enhances conversion of the plant n-3 PUFA, alpha-linolenic acid, to LCn-3 PUFA. Increasing the frequency of oily fish consumption or LCn-3 PUFA supplementation may be important for reducing coronary risk during the menopausal transition, during which time oestrogen levels decline and the increase in CVD risk factors is accelerated. Women are under-represented in the evidence base for CVD prevention following LC n-3 PUFA supplementation. Therefore it is not clear whether there are sex differences in response to treatment. Furthermore, there is a lack of evidence on optimal intakes of LC n-3 PUFA across the lifespan for CVD prevention in women.
Links between maternal health and NCDs.; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) and maternal health are closely linked. NCDs such as diabetes, obesity and hypertension have a significant adverse impact on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes, and through the mechanism of intrauterine programming maternal health impacts the burden of NCDs in future generations. The cycle of vulnerability to NCDs is repeated with increasing risk accumulation in subsequent generations. This article discusses the impact, interlinkages and advocates for integration of services for maternal and child health, NCD care and prevention and health promotion to sustainably improve maternal health as well address the rising burden of NCDs.
Normal pregnancy outcome following inadvertent exposure to rosiglitazone, gliclazide, and atorvastatin in a diabetic and hypertensive woman.; The subject is a diabetic and hypertensive woman treated early during an unplanned pregnancy with a multi-drug regimen that included three drugs with no prior history for use in pregnant women (rosiglitazone, gliclazide, atorvastatin). She was under care for chronic hypertension, which she suffered for 14 years, and diabetes mellitus, hypercholesterolemia, anxiety disorder, morbid obesity and epilepsia for 5 years. She was exposed to rosiglitazone (4mg/day), gliclazide (60mg/day), and atorvastatin (40mg/day) in addition to acarbose, spironolactone, hydrochlorothiazide, carbamazepine, thioridazine, amitryptiline, chlordiazepoxide, and pipenzolate bromide during the first 7 weeks of gestation while unaware of pregnancy. Pharmacotherapy was adjusted following clinical recognition of pregnancy during the 8th week. She gave birth to a normal healthy infant at the 36th week of gestation. This is the first reported case of human exposure to rosiglitazone, gliclazide, and atorvastatin during pregnancy. Although the normal pregnancy outcome does not address the safety of these drugs for use in pregnancy, these data contribute to a limited knowledge regarding human exposure to these antidiabetic drugs.
Ontogeny of the hypothalamic neuropeptide Y system.; Early onset obesity and type II diabetes is rapidly becoming an epidemic, especially within the United States. This dramatic increase is likely due to many factors including both prenatal and postnatal environmental cues. The purpose of this review is to highlight some of the recent advances in our knowledge of the development of the hypothalamic circuits involved in the regulation of energy balance, with a focus on the neuropeptide Y (NPY) system. Unlike the adult rat, during the postnatal period NPY is transiently expressed in several hypothalamic regions, along with the expected expression within the arcuate nucleus (ARH). These transient populations of NPY neurons during the postnatal period may provide local NPY production to sustain the necessary energy intake during this critical growth phase. This may be physiologically important since ARH-NPY projections do not fully develop until the 3rd postnatal week. The significance of this ontogeny is that many peripheral metabolic signals have little effect of feeding prior to the development of the ARH projections. The essential questions now are whether prenatal and/or postnatal exposure to high levels of insulin or leptin during development can cause permanent changes in the function of hypothalamic circuits. It is vital to understand not only the natural development of the hypothalamic circuits that regulate energy homeostasis, but also their abnormal development caused by maternal and postnatal environmental cues. This will be pivotal for designing intervention and therapeutics to treat early onset obesity/type II diabetes, which may very well need to be different from those designed to prevent/treat adult onset obesity/type II diabetes.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome: is community care appropriate?; In recent years the complexities and heterogeneity of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) have been recognised. Most PCOS sufferers with amenorrhoea, menstrual dysfunction, hirsutism, acne and infertility can be evaluated and safely managed in primary care. It is prudent to remember that all women with PCOS are at risk of insulin resistance and the associated abnormalities of the insulin resistance syndrome--dyslipidaemia, hypertension, coronary artery disease and diabetes mellitus.
Mouse Cre drivers: tools for studying disorders of the human female neuroendocrine-reproductive axis†.; Benign disorders of the human female reproductive system, such primary ovarian insufficiency and polycystic ovary syndrome are associated with infertility and recurrent miscarriage, as well as increased risk of adverse health outcomes, including cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. For many of these conditions, the contributing molecular and cellular processes are poorly understood. The overarching similarities between mice and humans have rendered mouse models irreplaceable in understanding normal physiology and elucidating pathological processes that underlie disorders of the female reproductive system. The utilization of Cre-LoxP recombination technology, which allows for spatial and temporal control of gene expression, has identified the role of numerous genes in development of the female reproductive system and in processes, such as ovulation and endometrial decidualization, that are required for the establishment and maintenance of pregnancy in mammals. In this comprehensive review, we provide a detailed overview of Cre drivers with activity in the neuroendocrine-reproductive axis that have been used to study disruptions in key intracellular signaling pathways. We first summarize normal development of the hypothalamus, pituitary, ovary, and uterus, highlighting similarities and differences between mice and humans. We then describe human conditions resulting from abnormal development and/or function of the organ. Finally, we describe loss-of-function models for each Cre driver that elegantly recapitulate some key features of the human condition and are associated with impaired fertility. The examples we provide illustrate use of each Cre driver as a tool for elucidating genetic and molecular underpinnings of reproductive dysfunction.
Glycemic Control in Pregnancies Complicated by Pre-Existing Diabetes Mellitus and Congenital Malformations: A Danish Population-Based Study.; PURPOSE: To study the occurrence of major congenital abnormalities in children of women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes and investigate the association between glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and major congenital malformations according to type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes separately. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In this register-based study, all singletons born alive from January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2015 in the North Denmark and Central Denmark regions of Denmark and their mothers were included. We used data from Danish health registers and the LABKA database. Logistic regression models were used to compute crude and adjusted prevalence odds ratios (cORs and aORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for major congenital malformations overall and for subtypes, by type of maternal pre-existing diabetes and HbA1c levels. RESULTS: Among 314,245 infants included, 2020 (0.64%) had mothers with type 1 diabetes and 498 (0.16%) had mothers with type 2 diabetes. We found an aOR of 2.9 (95% CI: 2.5, 3.5) and 1.9 (95% CI: 1.3; 2.8) for major malformations for type 1 and type 2 diabetes, respectively. The highest occurrence was seen for major congenital heart diseases, but we also observed higher occurrence of several other non-cardiac malformations. For both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, the prevalence of major congenital malformations increased with higher levels of maternal HbA1c with no safe threshold level. Mothers with type 1 diabetes had higher risks than those without diabetes irrespective of HbA1c, and women with HbA1c levels ≥9.5% had 8 times the odds of major congenital malformations [aOR 8.7 (95% CI: 5.4; 14.5)]. CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of major congenital malformations progressively increased with poorer glycemic control during pregnancy, with no obvious safe threshold level, for both type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Early-pregnancy maternal body mass index is associated with common DNA methylation markers in cord blood and placenta: a paired-tissue epigenome-wide association study.; Women entering pregnancy with elevated body mass index (BMI) face greater risk of adverse outcomes during pregnancy, delivery, and for their offspring later in life, potentially via epigenetics. If epigenetic programming occurs early during in utero development, the differential marks should be detectable in multiple tissues despite the known unique epigenetic profile in each.We used early-pregnancy BMI as reflection of maternal metabolic milieu exposure in peri-conception and early-pregnancy period. We analysed DNA methylation in paired cord blood and placenta samples among 437 newborns from Gen3G, a pre-birth prospective cohort of primarily European descent. We measured DNA methylation in both tissues across the genome in >720,000 CpG sites using the Illumina MethylationEPIC array. At each site, we used linear mixed models (LMMs) with an unstructured variance-covariance matrix to test for an association between maternal early-pregnancy BMI and DNA methylation in both tissues (modelled as M-values). We adjusted for tissue-specific covariates, offspring sex, gestational age at delivery, and maternal smoking and age.Women had a mean (SD) BMI of 25.4 (5.7) kg/m(2) measured at first trimester visit (mean=9.9 weeks). Early-pregnancy BMI was associated with differential DNA methylation levels in paired-tissue analyses at two sites: cg10593758 (β=0.0126, SE=0.0025; P=4.07e-7), annotated to CRHBP, and cg0762168 (β=-0.0094, SE=0.0018; P=2.78e-7), annotated to CCDC97.Application of LMMs in DNA methylation data from distinct fetal-origin tissues allowed us to identify CpG sites at which early-pregnancy BMI may have an epigenetic 'programming' effect on overall fetus development. One site (CRHBP) may play a role in hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis regulation.
Prenatal Androgenization Induces Anxiety-Like Behavior in Female Rats, Associated with Reduction of Inhibitory Interneurons and Increased BDNF in Hippocampus and Cortex.; Anxiety is one of the most frequent psychiatric disorders. Despite the fact that most studies describe an anxiolytic effect of testosterone, hyperandrogenemia in mothers is assumed to be related to an increased risk of mood disorders in their offspring. An increasing body of scientific evidence suggests that an altered expression of interneuronal markers of the hippocampus may be the cause of anxiety. The aim of this study was to examine the influence of maternal hyperandrogenemia on behavioral parameters of anxiety-like behavior, neuropeptide Y (NPY) and parvalbumin (PV) expression in the hippocampus, and the level of the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex. Pregnant female Wistar albino rats were treated with testosterone undecanoate on the 20th day of gestation. Anxiety-like behavior in adult female offspring was evaluated by the elevated plus maze test and the open field. The number of PV and NPY immunoreactive cells in the hippocampus was determined immunohistochemically. The level of BDNF expression in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex was analyzed with the Western blot test. Prenatal hyperandrogenization increased anxiety-like behavior in female offspring and decreased expression of NPY+ and PV+ in the CA1 region of the hippocampus as compared to the control group. BDNF expression in the hippocampus and cerebral cortex of prenatally androgenized female offspring was significantly increased in comparison with the controls. Prenatal hyperandrogenization may be the cause of anxiety-like behavior in female offspring. Decrease in NPY and PV expression in the hippocampus may explain the possible mechanism of hyperandrogenization induced anxiety.
[Biochemical mechanisms of chromium action in the human and animal organism].; Modern data concerning biologic characteristics of chromium (Cr3+) its placement in nature, accessibility and metabolic action of its different forms in humans and animals is presented in this survey. Essentiality of chromium for humans is emphasized, data about consumption norms of this microelement and its use for curing different diseases especially diabetes mellitus and atherosclerosis of vessels are presented. The biochemical mechanisms of Cr3+ effect on the metabolism in the human and animal organism are analyzed. It is shown that the organism reacts to chrome additions by the change of some metabolism links. Chrome influences positively growth and development of foetus, stimulates metabolism of glucose and insulin in the humans and animals. However, at the set chromium requirements it is necessary to take into account its low availability in food, high release of Cr3+ from the organism under the influence of stress factors, considerable decline of its level with age, and also in the period of pregnancy and lactation. Therefore experimental researches of introduction of Cr3+ additions to the diet of people and forage of animals taking into account their body mass, age and clinical state, can explain the biochemical mechanisms of biological action of this microelement.
Fetal Thymus Size at 19-22 Weeks of Gestation: A Possible Marker for the Prediction of Low Birth Weight?; INTRODUCTION: The purpose was to compare thymus size measured during second trimester screening of fetuses who were subsequently small for gestational age at birth (weight below 10th percentile, SGA group) with fetuses with normal birth weight (control group). We hypothesized that measuring the fetal thymic-thoracic ratio (TT-ratio) might help predict low birth weight. METHODS: Using three-vessel view echocardiograms from our archives, we measured the anteroposterior thymus size and the intrathoracic mediastinal diameter to derive TT-ratios in the SGA (n = 105) and control groups (n = 533) between 19+0 and 21+6 weeks of gestation. We analyzed the association between TT-ratio and SGA adjusted to the week of gestation using logistic regression. Finally, we determined the possible TT-ratio cut-off point for discrimination between SGA and control groups by means of receiver operating characteristics (ROC) curve analysis. RESULTS: The TT-ratio was significantly higher in the SGA group than in the control group (p &lt; 0.001). An increase of the TT-ratio by 0.1 was associated with a 3.1-fold increase in the odds of diagnosing SGA. We determined that a possible discrimination cut-off point between SGA and healthy controls was achieved using a TT-ratio of 0.390 (area under the ROC curve 0.695). CONCLUSION: An increased TT-ratio may represent an additional prenatal screening parameter that improves the prediction of birth weight below the 10th percentile. Prospective studies are now needed to evaluate the use of fetal thymus size as predictive parameter for adverse fetal outcome.
Maternal protein deprivation: sexually dimorphic programming of hypertension in the mouse.; Epidemiological data in humans and experiments in laboratory animals have demonstrated that the developmental programming of hypertension may occur as a consequence of dietary manipulations during pregnancy. Surprisingly, there is a scarcity of data regarding the development of hypertension as a consequence of a maternal low-protein diet (MLPD), particularly in the mouse. Furthermore, the role of sex in developmental programming is not well understood. We used FVB/NJ mice, because of their value in genetic/mechanistic analysis, to test the hypothesis that a MLPD during gestation leads to the sexually dimorphic developmental programming of hypertension and related disorders, such as intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR), type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity. We administered iso-caloric, normal (control), moderate protein (moderate MLPD) and severe protein (severe MLPD) diets to the mice, beginning 1 week before mating and continuing until the delivery of the pups. From 4 weeks onward, using a non-invasive tail-cuff method, we measured blood pressure and other parameters in the offspring. Our results demonstrate the following: (1) MLPD caused IUGR (low birthweight) in a dose-dependent manner; (2) Female offspring developed severe hypertension, whereas males were affected only moderately; (3) The blood glucose level was elevated only in females from the moderate MLPD group, although their insulin levels remained normal; (4) Rapid catch-up growth was observed in both sexes, with moderate MLPD females and severe MLPD males becoming overweight. Notably, blood leptin levels in the control group were significantly higher in females than in male offspring and were reduced in females from the severe MLPD group. We conclude that an antenatal MLPD during gestation leads to sexually dimorphic programming in mice.
Prediction and prevention of preeclampsia in women with preexisting diabetes: the role of home blood pressure, physical activity, and aspirin.; Women with type 1 or type 2 (preexisting) diabetes are four times more likely to develop preeclampsia compared with women without diabetes. Preeclampsia affects 9%-20% of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and 7%-14% of pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. The aim of this narrative review is to investigate the role of blood pressure (BP) monitoring, physical activity, and prophylactic aspirin to reduce the prevalence of preeclampsia and to improve pregnancy outcome in women with preexisting diabetes. Home BP and office BP in early pregnancy are positively associated with development of preeclampsia, and home BP and office BP are comparable for the prediction of preeclampsia in women with preexisting diabetes. However, home BP is lower than office BP, and the difference is greater with increasing office BP. Daily physical activity is recommended during pregnancy, and limiting sedentary behavior may be beneficial to prevent preeclampsia. White coat hypertension in early pregnancy is not a clinically benign condition but is associated with an elevated risk of developing preeclampsia. This renders the current strategy of leaving white coat hypertension untreated debatable. A beneficial preventive effect of initiating low-dose aspirin (150 mg/day) for all in early pregnancy has not been demonstrated in women with preexisting diabetes.
"Target-Site" Drug Metabolism and Transport.; The recent symposium on "Target-Site" Drug Metabolism and Transport that was sponsored by the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics at the 2014 Experimental Biology meeting in San Diego is summarized in this report. Emerging evidence has demonstrated that drug-metabolizing enzyme and transporter activity at the site of therapeutic action can affect the efficacy, safety, and metabolic properties of a given drug, with potential outcomes including altered dosing regimens, stricter exclusion criteria, or even the failure of a new chemical entity in clinical trials. Drug metabolism within the brain, for example, can contribute to metabolic activation of therapeutic drugs such as codeine as well as the elimination of potential neurotoxins in the brain. Similarly, the activity of oxidative and conjugative drug-metabolizing enzymes in the lung can have an effect on the efficacy of compounds such as resveratrol. In addition to metabolism, the active transport of compounds into or away from the site of action can also influence the outcome of a given therapeutic regimen or disease progression. For example, organic anion transporter 3 is involved in the initiation of pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and may have a role in how uremic toxins enter pancreatic β-cells and ultimately contribute to the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes. Finally, it is likely that a combination of target-specific metabolism and cellular internalization may have a significant role in determining the pharmacokinetics and efficacy of antibody-drug conjugates, a finding which has resulted in the development of a host of new analytical methods that are now used for characterizing the metabolism and disposition of antibody-drug conjugates. Taken together, the research summarized herein can provide for an increased understanding of potential barriers to drug efficacy and allow for a more rational approach for developing safe and effective therapeutics.
A case-control study of 1253 twin pregnancies from a 1982-1987 perinatal data base.; In one regional perinatal network between 1982-1987, 101,506 women delivered infants greater than 500 g, of which 1253 were twin pregnancies (1.2%). This latter group was compared statistically with a 5% random sample of the singletons (N = 5119). The results showed that the women with twin pregnancies were slightly older, had a higher parity, gained more weight during the gestation, and had a heavier body weight at delivery. Twin pregnancies were complicated by increases in hypertension (odds ratio 2.5; 95% confidence interval 2.1-3.1), abruption (odds ratio 3.0; 95% confidence interval 1.9-4.7), and anemia (odds ratio 2.4; 95% confidence interval 1.9-3.0). There was no increased risk of pyelonephritis, placenta previa, or diabetes mellitus in mothers with twins. The twin pregnancies delivered earlier and the infants were smaller, had lower Apgar scores, and were at increased risk for congenital anomalies. Fetal and neonatal mortality rates were significantly increased in the twin infants; the perinatal mortality rates for twin A and twin B were 48.8 and 64.1, respectively, compared with 10.4 per 1000 births for the singleton controls. When the twin infants A and B were of similar weight, they had a similar perinatal mortality (odds ratio 1.0; 95% confidence interval 0.6-1.8). For infants less than 2500 g, twins A and B had lower fetal and neonatal mortality rates than did singletons, but twins heavier than 2500 g were at increased risk of perinatal death.
Body Composition and Cardiometabolic Risk Markers in Children of Women who Took Part in a Randomized Controlled Trial of a Preconceptional Nutritional Intervention in Mumbai, India.; BACKGROUND: Maternal nutrition influences fetal development and may permanently alter ("program") offspring body composition and metabolism, thereby influencing later risk of diabetes and cardiovascular (cardiometabolic) disease. The prevalence of cardiometabolic disease is rising rapidly in India. OBJECTIVES: To test the hypothesis that supplementing low-income Indian women with micronutrient-rich foods preconceptionally and during pregnancy has a beneficial impact on the children's body composition and cardiometabolic risk marker profiles. METHODS: Follow-up of 1255 children aged 5-10 y whose mothers took part in the Mumbai Maternal Nutrition Project [Project "SARAS"; International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN)62811278]. Mothers were randomly assigned to receive a daily micronutrient-rich snack or a control snack of lower micronutrient content, both made from local foods, in addition to normal diet, from before pregnancy until delivery. Children's body composition was assessed using anthropometry and DXA. Their blood pressure, plasma glucose, insulin, and lipid concentrations were measured. Outcomes were compared between allocation groups with and without adjustment for confounding factors. RESULTS: Overall, 15% of children were stunted, 34% were wasted, and 3% were overweight. In the intention-to-treat analysis, there were no differences in body composition or risk markers between children in the intervention and control groups. Among children whose mothers started supplementation ≥3 mo before conception (the "per protocol" sample) the intervention increased adiposity among girls, but not boys. BMI in girls was increased relative to controls by 2% (95% CI: 1, 4; P = 0.01); fat mass index by 10% (95% CI: 3, 18; P = 0.004); and percent fat by 7% (95% CI: 1, 13; P = 0.01) unadjusted, with similar results in adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, supplementing women with micronutrient-rich foods from before pregnancy until delivery did not alter body composition or cardiometabolic risk markers in the children. Subgroup analyses showed that, if started ≥3 mo before conception, supplementation may increase adiposity among female children.
A French nationwide study compared various conditions and healthcare use of individuals < 65 years with a Down's syndrome to those without.; Few regular national clinical data are available for individuals with Down's syndrome (IDS) bearing in mind that they are subject to countries variations in medical termination of pregnancy and screening. Individuals < 65 in 2019 were selected in view of the low number of older IDS. Thus, 98% of 52.4 million people with correct data were included from the national health data system. IDS (35,342) were identified on the basis of the International Classification of Diseases 10th revision code (Q90). Risk ratios (RR) were calculated to compare the frequencies in 2019 between IDS and individual without Down's syndrome (IWDS) of use of health care. The prevalence of IDS was 0.07% (48% women), comorbidities were more frequent, especially in younger patients (24% < 1 year had another comorbidity, RR = 20), as was the percentage of deaths (4.6%, RR = 10). Overall, tumours were less frequent in IDS compared with IWDS (1.2%, RR = 0.7) except for certain leukaemias and testicular tumours (0.3%, RR = 4). Cardiac malformations (5.2%, RR = 52), dementia (1.2%, RR = 29), mental retardation (5%, RR = 21) and epilepsy (4%, RR = 9) were also more frequent in IDS. The most frequent hospital diagnoses for IDS were: aspiration pneumonia (0.7%, RR = 89), respiratory failure (0.4%, RR = 17), sleep apnoea (1.1%, RR = 8), cryptorchidism (0.3%, RR = 5.9), protein-energy malnutrition (0.1%, RR = 7), type 1 diabetes (0.2%, RR = 2.8) and hypothyroidism (0.1%, RR = 72). IDS were more likely to use emergency services (9%, RR = 2.4), short hospital stay (24%, RR = 1.6) or hospitalisation at home (0.6%, RR = 6). They consulted certain specialists two to three times more frequently than IWDS, for example cardiologists (17%, RR = 2.6). This study is the first detailed national study comparing IDS and non-IDS by age group. These results could help to optimize prenatal healthcare, medical and social support.
Diabetes is an independent risk factor for severe nocturnal hypoxemia in obese patients. A case-control study.; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and obesity have become two of the main threats to public health in the Western world. In addition, obesity is the most important determinant of the sleep apnea-hypopnea syndrome (SAHS), a condition that adversely affects glucose metabolism. However, it is unknown whether patients with diabetes have more severe SAHS than non-diabetic subjects. The aim of this cross-sectional case-control study was to evaluate whether obese patients with T2DM are more prone to severe SAHS than obese non-diabetic subjects. METHODOLOGY/PRINCIPAL FINDINGS: Thirty obese T2DM and 60 non-diabetic women closely matched by age, body mass index, waist circumference, and smoking status were recruited from the outpatient Obesity Unit of a university hospital. The exclusion criteria included chronic respiratory disease, smoking habit, neuromuscular and cerebrovascular disease, alcohol abuse, use of sedatives, and pregnancy. Examinations included a non-attended respiratory polygraphy, pulmonary function testing, and an awake arterial gasometry. Oxygen saturation measures included the percentage of time spent at saturations below 90% (CT90). A high prevalence of SAHS was found in both groups (T2DM:80%, nondiabetic:78.3%). No differences in the number of sleep apnea-hypopnea events between diabetic and non-diabetic patients were observed. However, in diabetic patients, a significantly increase in the CT90 was detected (20.2+/-30.2% vs. 6.8+/-13,5%; p = 0.027). In addition, residual volume (RV) was significantly higher in T2DM (percentage of predicted: 79.7+/-18.1 vs. 100.1+/-22.8; p<0.001). Multiple linear regression analyses showed that T2DM but not RV was independently associated with CT90. CONCLUSIONS/SIGNIFICANCE: T2DM adversely affects breathing during sleep, becoming an independent risk factor for severe nocturnal hypoxemia in obese patients. Given that SAHS is a risk factor of cardiovascular disease, the screening for SAHS in T2DM patients seems mandatory.
Factors associated with fetal mortality in the triethnic population in texas, 1993 through 1995.; We examined the underlying causes of fetal deaths reported for 1993 through 1995 in relation to the mother's ethnicity, reproductive history, and medical factors listed on birth and fetal death certificates. The overall fetal mortality rate (FMR) was 6.3 per 1000 live births plus fetal deaths, and 5.6, 5.9, and 9.8 per 1000, respectively in pregnancies of white, hispanic, and black women. Preterm birth (low birth weight) was a major predictor (or consequence) of fetal death, and extremes of maternal age, increased parity, and plural pregnancies were also associated with increased FMRs, especially in black women. The underlying causes reported on fetal death certificates were complications of the placenta, cord, and membranes (36%); ill-defined conditions arising in the perinatal period (23%); fetus affected by maternal complications of pregnancy (10%); fetus affected by maternal conditions unrelated to pregnancy (6%); and short gestation and unspecified low birth weight (5%); 14% of fetal deaths were associated with congenital abnormalities. Factors reported most frequently were premature rupture of the membranes, disorders of amniotic fluid volume, pregnancy-associated hypertension, diabetes, anemia, previous preterm or small-for-gestational-age births, incompetent cervix, chronic hypertension, and sexually transmitted diseases. More than 40% of fetal deaths were not associated with any medical risk factor. FMRs associated with maternal anemia, cardiac disease, pregnancy-associated hypertension, eclampsia, and previous birth weighing more than 4 kg were at least 1.5 times higher in pregnancies of black women than in the other 2 ethnic groups. The underlying causes of fetal death provide few targets for their primary prevention; preventive efforts might better be directed to the closer surveillance and care of pregnant women with demographic, reproductive, and medical factors associated with increased risk.
Higher gestational weight gain delays wound healing and reduces expression of long non-coding RNA KLRK1-AS1 in neonatal endothelial progenitor cells.; High gestational weight gain (GWG) is a cardiovascular risk factor and may disturb neonatal endothelial function. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) regulate gene expression epigenetically and can modulate endothelial function. Endothelial colony forming cells (ECFCs), circulating endothelial precursors, are a recruitable source of endothelial cells and sustain endothelial function, vascular growth and repair. We here investigated whether higher GWG affects neonatal ECFC function and elucidated the role of lncRNAs herein. Wound healing of umbilical cord blood-derived ECFCs after pregnancies with GWG <13 kg versus >13 kg was determined in a scratch assay and based on monolayer impedance after electric wounding (electric cell-substrate impedance sensing, ECIS). LncRNA expression was analysed by RNA sequencing. The function of killer cell lectin-like receptor K1 antisense RNA (KLRK1-AS1) was investigated after siRNA-based knockdown. Closure of the scratch was delayed by 25% (P = 0.041) in the higher GWG group and correlated inversely with GWG (R = -0.538, P = 0.012) in all subjects (n = 22). Similarly, recovery of the monolayer barrier after electric wounding was delayed (-11% after 20 h; P = 0.014; n = 15). Several lncRNAs correlated with maternal GWG, the most significant one being KLRK1-AS1 (log(2) fold change = -0.135, P < 0.001, n = 35). KLRK1-AS1 knockdown (n = 4) reduced barrier recovery after electric wounding by 21% (P = 0.029) and KLRK1-AS1 expression correlated with the time required for wound healing for both scratch (R = 0.447, P = 0.033) and impedance-based assay (R = 0.629, P = 0.014). Higher GWG reduces wound healing of neonatal ECFCs, and lower levels of the lncRNA KLRK1-AS1 may underlie this. KEY POINTS: Maternal cardiovascular risk factors such as diabetes, obesity and smoking in pregnancy disturb fetal endothelial function, and we here investigated whether also high gestational weight gain (GWG) has an impact on fetal endothelial cells. Circulating endothelial progenitor cells (endothelial colony forming cells, ECFCs) are highly abundant in the neonatal blood stream and serve as a circulating pool for vascular growth and repair. We revealed that higher GWG delays wound healing capacity of ECFCs in vitro. We identified the regulatory RNA lncRNA KLRK1-AS1 as a link between GWG and delayed ECFC wound healing. Our data show that high GWG, independent of pre-pregnancy BMI, affects neonatal ECFC function.
Interventions among primary-care practitioners to improve care for preventable complications of diabetes.; The National Diabetes Advisory Board recommends that diabetes prevention and control programs focus on the preventable complications of diabetes, i.e., visual impairment, lower-extremity problems, renal problems, ketoacidosis, and adverse outcomes of pregnancy. The Florida Diabetes Control Program chose to focus its efforts on the first three of these complications at the federal- and state-funded primary-care programs in Florida because these programs had access to targeted, public-sector patients and because of fiscal restraints that make the care provider the logical source of entry to the health-care system. This study sought to document the current level of care for complications of diabetes in primary-care settings, provide state-of-the-art professional education along with patient education, and evaluate changes in practice habits. Three intervention and three control primary-care centers were selected. Medical records in each center were reviewed over a 2-yr period. At intervention sites, retinopathy referrals increased from 9 to 43% (P less than .001), urinalyses increased from 69 to 94% (P less than .001), and examinations of lower extremities increased from 66 to 94% (P less than .001). There were no such changes in the control sites. Hypertension was diagnosed in nearly two-thirds of patients, and a last blood pressure of greater than 140 mmHg systolic or greater than 90 mmHg diastolic was present in 64% of the intervention group at yr 1 and declined to 56% at yr 2 (P less than .05).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
The effect of insulin signaling on female reproductive function independent of adiposity and hyperglycemia.; Physiological states of insulin resistance such as obesity and diabetes have been linked to abnormalities in female reproductive function. However, it is difficult to distinguish the direct effects of impaired insulin signaling from those of adiposity or hyperglycemia because these conditions often coexist in human syndromes and animal models of insulin resistance. In this study, we used lean, normoglycemic mouse lines with differing degrees of hyperinsulinemia and insulin receptor (Insr) expression to dissect the effects of altered insulin signaling on female reproduction. All three mouse lines [Ttr-Insr(-/-), Insr(+/-), and Insr(+/+) (wild type)] are able to maintain fertility. However, the insulin-resistant and hyperinsulinemic mice demonstrate altered duration of estrous cycles as well as aberrant distribution and morphology of ovarian follicles. These effects appear to be independent of hyperandrogenism in the mice. Pregnancy studies indicate decreased success in early progression of gestation. In successful pregnancies, decreased embryo weights and increased placental calcification also implicate altered insulin signaling in later gestational effects. Thus, abnormal insulin signaling, independent of adipose tissue mass, adipokine expression levels, and hyperglycemia, can affect parameters of the female hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis and pregnancy outcomes.
Exposure to Maternal Diabetes Mellitus Causes Renal Dopamine D(1) Receptor Dysfunction and Hypertension in Adult Rat Offspring.; Epidemiological and experimental studies suggest that maternal diabetes mellitus programs hypertension that is associated with impaired sodium excretion in the adult offspring. However, the underlying mechanisms are not clear. Because dopamine receptor function is involved in the pathogenesis of hypertension, we hypothesized that impaired renal dopamine D(1) receptor function is also involved in the hypertension in offspring of maternal diabetes mellitus. Maternal diabetes mellitus was induced by a single intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) to pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats at day 0 of gestation. Compared with the offspring of mothers injected with citrate buffer (control mother offspring), the diabetic mother offspring (DMO) had increased systolic blood pressure and impaired D(1) receptor-mediated diuresis and natriuresis, accompanied by increased renal PKC (protein kinase C) expression and activity, GRK-2 (G protein-coupled receptor kinase-2) expression, D(1) receptor phosphorylation, D(1) receptor/Gαs uncoupling, and loss of D(1) receptor-mediated inhibition of Na(+)-K(+)-ATPase activity in renal proximal tubule cells from DMO. Inhibition of PKC reduced the increased GRK-2 expression and normalized D(1) receptor function in primary cultures of renal proximal tubule cells from DMO. In addition, DMO, relative to control mother offspring, in vivo, had increased oxidative stress, indicated by decreased renal glutathione and increased renal malondialdehyde and urine 8-isoprostane. Normalization of oxidative stress with tempol also normalized the renal D(1) receptor phosphorylation, D(1) receptor-mediated diuresis and natriuresis, and blood pressure in DMO. Our present study indicates that maternal diabetes mellitus-programed hypertension in the offspring is caused by impaired renal D(1) receptor function because of oxidative stress that is mediated by increased PKC-GRK-2 activity.
Prevalence of dyslipidemia in school children of Kashmir valley.; AIM: Increased incidence of CVD has been observed in recent years in the Kashmir valley (North India). Since the risk factor development of the cardiovascular diseases (CVD) takes place during childhood, we undertook an epidemiological survey to assess the prevalence of dyslipidemia in the school children of Kashmir valley. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 1131 children of 5-19 years of age were selected and evaluated for BMI, cholesterol, TGs, LDL and HDL levels from different areas of Srinagar city (urban) region of the Kashmir valley from June 2011-June 2014. RESULTS: The frequency of dyslipidemia in Kashmiri children varied along the subjects. Hypertriglyceridemia was seen in 82.6% of the males and 47.6% of females in the age group of 5-9 years, 38.5% of males and 51.1% of females in the age group of 10-14 years and 24.7% of males and 35.9% of the females in the age group of 15-19 years. Low levels of HDL than normal were seen in 34.7% of males and 19% of females in the age group of 5-9 years. Similarly low HDL levels were seen in 17.9% of males and 15.5% of females in the age group of 10-14 years. The incidence of low HDL was also seen in 4.9% of males and 10.8% of females in the age group of 15-19 years. CONCLUSIONS: In the present study dyslipidemia was more common in centrally obese children and the most common component was high triglycerides and low HDL's. Female school children were at higher risk of developing CVD than males.
Relevance of Vitamin D and Its Deficiency for the Ovarian Follicle and the Oocyte: An Update.; For many years, vitamin D (VD) has been known to be an essential micronutrient with important relevance not only for the skeletal system, but also for numerous other mammalian organ systems. Low levels of VD result in a VD deficiency, which is a global health problem. Moreover, VD deficiencies are linked to several pathologies, for instance, diseases of the cardiovascular system, diabetes mellitus, or sub- and infertility. In the past two decades, an increasing body of evidence has shown that adequate physiological levels of VD are crucial for the female gamete and its microenvironment, and VD deficiency has been associated with decreased live birth rates among women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF). With regard to the female reproductive tract, VD receptors (VDRs) have been detected in the ovary, endometrium, and the placenta. Although it has been reported that VD seems to be relevant for both calcium-dependent and independent pathways, its relevance for the oocyte's developmental competence and life span remains elusive. Therefore, herein, we aim to provide an update on the importance of VD and VD deficiency for the oocyte and the follicular microenvironment.
Correlation between Exposure to Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) during Pregnancy and Congenital Anomalies: Its Surgical Perspectives.; BACKGROUND: Fine particulate matter (PM(2.5)) can easily penetrate blood vessels and tissues through the human respiratory tract and cause various health problems. Some studies reported that particular matter (PM) exposure during pregnancy is associated with low birth weight or congenital cardiovascular anomalies. This study aimed to investigate the correlation between the degree of exposure to PM ≤ 2.5 μm (PM(2.5)) during pregnancy and congenital anomalies relevant to the field of pediatric surgery. METHODS: Mother-infant dyads with registered addresses in the Metropolitan City were selected during 3 years. The electronic medical records of mothers and neonates were retrospectively analyzed, with a focus on maternal age at delivery, date of delivery, gestation week, presence of diabetes mellitus (DM) or hypertension, parity, the residence of the mother and infant, infant sex, birth weight, Apgar score, and presence of congenital anomaly. The monthly PM(2.5) concentration from the first month of pregnancy to the delivery was computed based on the mothers' residences. RESULTS: PM(2.5) exposure concentration in the second trimester was higher in the congenital anomaly group than in the non-congenital anomaly group (24.82 ± 4.78 µg/m(3), P = 0.023). PM(2.5) exposure concentration did not affect the incidence of nervous, cardiovascular, and gastrointestinal anomalies. While statistically insignificant, the groups with nervous, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, musculoskeletal, and other congenital anomalies were exposed to higher PM(2.5) concentrations in the first trimester compared with their respective counterparts. The effect of PM(2.5) concentration on the incidence of congenital anomalies was significant even after adjusting for the mother's age, presence of DM, hypertension, and parity. The incidence of congenital anomalies increased by 26.0% (95% confidence interval of 4.3% and 49.2%) per 7.23 µg/m(3) elevation of PM(2.5) interquartile range in the second trimester. CONCLUSIONS: The congenital anomaly group was exposed to a higher PM(2.5) concentration in the second trimester than the non-congenital anomaly group. The PM(2.5) exposure concentration level in the first trimester tended to be higher in groups with anomalies than those without anomalies. This suggests that continuous exposure to a high PM(2.5) concentration during pregnancy influences the incidence of neonatal anomalies in surgical respects.
Respiratory distress syndrome with mature lecithin/sphingomyelin ratios: diabetes mellitus and low Apgar scores.; A detailed study was made of 150 women delivered of their infants within 72 hours of an amniocentesis where the lecithin/sphingomyelin (L/S) ratio was 2.0 or greater. There were nine neonates with respiratory distress (6.0 per cent). There were two neonatal deaths, both due to severe congenital heart disease. A mature amniotic fluid L/S ratio predicts a newborn infant who will not have respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in most pregnancies. There is a significantly increased risk of RDS in neonates with a mature L/S ratio if the mother has insulin-dependent diabetes or if there is a resulting low Apgar score. The method of delivery (cesarean section or vaginal) does not affect the frequency of RDS where the L/S ratio is 2.0 or more.
Stable prolactin level after enhanced estradiol production following dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate.; To evaluate whether intravenous injection of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS), by enhancing estradiol (E2) production, would stimulate prolactin (PRL) secretion in late pregnancy, maternal serum PRL was determined before and 1 to 5 hours after administration of 100 mg of DHEAS in a total of 41 women with normal or complicated late pregnancies (twin pregnancy, pre-eclampsia, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, diabetes). The basal serum PRL concentration in patients with diabetes was significantly lower than normal. The mean PRL level did not change significantly in any group in spite of the increase in serum E2 levels after the DHEAS injection. The lack of PRL response to a rapid rise in E2 may be due to the maximal inhibition of the PRL-inhibiting factor in the hypothalamus and/or maximal activation of the pituitary lactotrophs occasioned by the high estrogen environment during late pregnancy.
Electronic Reminder to Transition Care After Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Randomized Controlled Trial.; OBJECTIVE: Scalable interventions are needed to improve preventive care for those with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk identified during pregnancy. We hypothesized that an automated reminder message for clinicians (nudge) would increase counseling at the postpartum visit on patient transitions of care. METHODS: We conducted a single-center, randomized controlled trial including birthing people with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy evaluating a nudge compared with usual care. The nudge, including counseling phrases and patient-specific information on hypertensive diagnosis, was sent to the obstetric clinician through the electronic medical record up to 7 days before the postpartum visit. The primary outcome was documentation of counseling on transitions of care to primary care or cardiology. Secondary outcomes were documentation of CVD risk, use of counseling phrases, and preventive care visit within 6 months. A sample size of 94 per group (n=188) was planned to compare the nudge intervention with usual care; given the anticipated loss to follow-up, the sample size was increased to 222. Intention-to-treat analyses were performed, with P <.05 considered significant. RESULTS: From February to June 2021, 392 patients were screened, and 222 were randomized and analyzed. Of these, 205 (92.3%) attended a postpartum visit. Groups were similar, but more women in the usual care group had diabetes (16.1% vs 6.7%, P =.03). After adjustment for diabetes, patients in the nudge group were more likely to have documented counseling on transitions of care (38.8% vs 26.2%, adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.53, 95% CI 1.02-2.31), CVD risk (21.4% vs 8.4%, aRR 2.57, 95% CI 1.20-5.49), and use of aspirin in a future pregnancy (14.3% vs 1.9%, aRR 7.49, 95% CI 1.66-33.93). Counseling phrases were used more often in the nudge group (11.2% vs 0.9%, aRR 12.27, 95% CI 1.50-100.28). Preventive care visit attendance did not differ by group (22.1% vs 24.6%, aRR 0.91, 95% CI 0.57-1.47). CONCLUSION: A timely electronic reminder to obstetric clinicians improved counseling about transitions of care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy but did not result in increased preventive care visit attendance. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov , NCT04660032.
A case of obesity, diabetes and hypertension treated with very low calorie diet (VLCD) followed by successful pregnancy with intrauterine insemination (IUI).; The patient was a 32-year-old obese woman with a history of type 2 diabetes and hypertension for 6 years. Although she was treated with antihypertensive agents and intensive insulin therapy, her hyperglycemia was difficult to control. She wanted to have a baby but pregnancy was not recommended because her diabetes was under poor control and the use of antihypertensive medication. To achieve good control of obesity, diabetes and hypertension, she was admitted to our clinical department for weight reduction using very low calorie diet (VLCD). During VLCD she had a 19.8 kg reduction in body weight and her blood glucose and blood pressure were in good control without the use of drugs. Five months later, she became pregnant after the fourth trial of intrauterine insemination (IUI) and gave birth to a female baby under insulin therapy. This is the first report that showed the usefulness of VLCD for prepregnant control of glucose metabolism and blood pressure in an obese hypertensive patient with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Maternal hypothyroidism and subsequent metabolic outcomes in children: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; INTRODUCTION: As the fetus relies on maternal thyroid hormones in early pregnancy, maternal hypothyroidism plays an important role in fetal development. However, the association between maternal hypothyroidism and metabolic disease in offspring is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between maternal hypothyroidism in pregnancy and metabolic outcomes (obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and dyslipidemia) in children < 18 years. METHODS: We systematically searched 5 databases from inception to May 2023. Eligible studies included cohort, case-control, and randomized controlled trials involving children born to mothers with or without hypothyroidism in pregnancy. Data were pooled across studies using random-effects models for outcomes reported in at least three studies. Quality assessment was performed using the ROBINS-E tool for observational studies and the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool for trials. RESULTS: The search identified 3221 articles, of which 7 studies were included (1 trial, 6 observational). All studies were conducted outside of North America and ranged in size from 250 to > 1 million children. The follow-up time ranged from 6 to 20 years. Included studies support an increased risk of hypertension and glucose dysregulation in offspring exposed to maternal hypothyroidism (hypertension: OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.75, 1.57 and HR 1.81, 95% CI 1.21, 2.69; diabetes: RR 2.7, 95% CI 0.7, 10). In the pooled analysis, maternal hypothyroidism was not associated with obesity in offspring (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.64, 1.70). CONCLUSION: This study found inconsistent evidence on the association between maternal hypothyroidism in pregnancy and metabolic outcomes in offspring, though associations with hypertension and glucose dysregulation are possible.
Body Composition and Cardiometabolic Risk Markers in Children of Women who Took Part in a Randomized Controlled Trial of a Preconceptional Nutritional Intervention in Mumbai, India.; BACKGROUND: Maternal nutrition influences fetal development and may permanently alter ("program") offspring body composition and metabolism, thereby influencing later risk of diabetes and cardiovascular (cardiometabolic) disease. The prevalence of cardiometabolic disease is rising rapidly in India. OBJECTIVES: To test the hypothesis that supplementing low-income Indian women with micronutrient-rich foods preconceptionally and during pregnancy has a beneficial impact on the children's body composition and cardiometabolic risk marker profiles. METHODS: Follow-up of 1255 children aged 5-10 y whose mothers took part in the Mumbai Maternal Nutrition Project [Project "SARAS"; International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number (ISRCTN)62811278]. Mothers were randomly assigned to receive a daily micronutrient-rich snack or a control snack of lower micronutrient content, both made from local foods, in addition to normal diet, from before pregnancy until delivery. Children's body composition was assessed using anthropometry and DXA. Their blood pressure, plasma glucose, insulin, and lipid concentrations were measured. Outcomes were compared between allocation groups with and without adjustment for confounding factors. RESULTS: Overall, 15% of children were stunted, 34% were wasted, and 3% were overweight. In the intention-to-treat analysis, there were no differences in body composition or risk markers between children in the intervention and control groups. Among children whose mothers started supplementation ≥3 mo before conception (the "per protocol" sample) the intervention increased adiposity among girls, but not boys. BMI in girls was increased relative to controls by 2% (95% CI: 1, 4; P = 0.01); fat mass index by 10% (95% CI: 3, 18; P = 0.004); and percent fat by 7% (95% CI: 1, 13; P = 0.01) unadjusted, with similar results in adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, supplementing women with micronutrient-rich foods from before pregnancy until delivery did not alter body composition or cardiometabolic risk markers in the children. Subgroup analyses showed that, if started ≥3 mo before conception, supplementation may increase adiposity among female children.
Early overnutrition impairs insulin signaling in the heart of adult Swiss mice.; Human overnutrition has caused a rise in the prevalence of obesity in recent years. In addition to the deleterious effects of obesity during childhood, long-term effects in adulthood have been described as well. For instance, cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes are among the diseases associated with a history of obesity. Altered insulin secretion and action have been described as important links between these diseases and obesity. Insulin acts as a unique anabolic hormone providing regulation of whole-body glucose homeostasis and peripheral tissue glucose uptake in tissues such as the heart. In this study, we examined insulin signaling in the heart of obese animals using an experimental model of inducing overweight adult animals by overnutrition in early life. In these animals, overfeeding during lactation was able to induce a significant increase in body weight starting at the 10th day of life, and this increased weight persisted until adulthood. Impairment in glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, and an increased insulin/glucose ratio were also observed in these animals. Moreover, an increased heart weight/tibia length ratio was also observed, indicating an enlarged heart size. The overfed animals also had decreased insulin sensitivity in the heart, as confirmed by decreased insulin receptor (IR)-beta and IR substrate-1 (Irs1) phosphorylation, increased phosphatase, non-receptor type 1 (Ptpn1)-IR-beta association, decreased -Irs1-associated activity, and reduction in anti-phospho Akt1 phosphorylation. In conclusion, our findings showed that overnutrition during early life induced obesity and insulin resistance in the adult offspring, and further increased heart size and impaired cardiac insulin signaling, putatively due to an increase in Ptpn1 activity.
Blood pressure and lipid profiles in children born after ART with frozen embryo transfer.; STUDY QUESTION: Are blood pressure (BP) and lipid profiles different between children conceived after ART with frozen embryo transfer (FET), fresh embryo transfer (fresh-ET), and natural conception (NC)? SUMMARY ANSWER: Girls conceived after FET had significantly higher systolic BP and heart rate compared with girls born after fresh-ET; boys conceived after FET had a slightly more favourable lipid profile compared with boys born after fresh-ET and NC. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Children conceived after ART with FET are more often born large for gestational age (LGA). LGA in general increases the risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Studies on mice and humans on the whole ART population have raised concerns about premature vascular ageing and higher BP. The cardiovascular health of children born after FET is scarcely explored and the results are diverging. STUDY DESIGN SIZE DURATION: This study was part of the cohort study 'Health in Childhood following Assisted Reproductive Technology' (HiCART), which included 606 singletons (292 boys) born between December 2009 and December 2013: 200 children were conceived after FET; 203 children were conceived after fresh-ET; and 203 children were conceived naturally and matched for birth year and sex. The study period lasted from January 2019 to September 2021. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS SETTING METHODS: The included children were 7-10 years of age at examination and underwent a clinical examination with anthropometric measurements, pubertal staging, and BP measurement. Additionally, a fasting blood sample was collected and analysed for cholesterol, low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), and triglycerides. Systolic and diastolic BP were converted to standard deviation scores (SDS) using an appropriate reference and accounting for height (SDS) of the child. The three study groups were compared pairwise using a univariate linear regression model. Mean differences were adjusted for confounders using multiple linear regression analyses. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Girls and boys conceived after FET had significantly higher birthweight (SDS) compared with naturally conceived peers (mean difference: girls: 0.35, 95% CI (0.06-0.64), boys: 0.35, 95% CI (0.03-0.68)). Girls conceived after FET had significantly higher systolic BP (SDS) and heart rate compared with girls conceived after fresh-ET (adjusted mean difference: systolic BP (SDS): 0.25 SDS, 95% CI (0.03-0.47), heart rate: 4.53, 95% CI (0.94-8.13)). Regarding lipid profile, no significant differences were found between the three groups of girls. For the boys, no significant differences were found for BP and heart rate. Lipid profiles were more favourable in boys born after FET compared with both boys conceived after fresh-ET and NC. All outcomes were adjusted for parity, maternal BMI at early pregnancy, smoking during pregnancy, educational level, birthweight, breastfeeding, child age at examination, and onset of puberty. LIMITATIONS REASONS FOR CAUTION: The participation rate varied from 18 to 42% in the three groups, and therefore selection bias cannot be excluded. However, extensive non-participant analyses were performed that showed almost no differences in background characteristics between participants and non-participants in the three groups, making selection bias less likely. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: The higher birthweight in children conceived after FET was associated with increased systolic BP (SDS) and heart rate in girls conceived after FET compared with fresh-ET. This may be an early indicator of compromised long-term cardiovascular health in this group. The study was not powered to investigate these outcomes and further studies are therefore warranted to confirm the findings. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTERESTS: The study was funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation (grant number: NNF18OC0034092, NFF19OC0054340) and Rigshospitalets Forskningsfond. The authors have no conflicts of interest to declare. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03719703.
Effects of bisphenol A treatment during pregnancy on kidney development in mice: a stereological and histopathological study.; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a chemical found in plastics that resembles oestrogen in organisms. Developmental exposure to endocrine-disrupting chemicals, such as BPA, increases the susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases. Animal studies have reported a nephron deficit in offspring exposed to maternal diabetes. The aim of this study was to investigate the prenatal BPA exposure effects on nephrogenesis in a mouse model that was predisposed to T2DM. This study quantitatively evaluated the renal structural changes using stereology and histomorphometry methods. The OF1 pregnant mice were treated with a vehicle or BPA (10 or 100 μg/kg/day) during days 9-16 of gestation (early nephrogenesis). The 30-day-old offspring were sacrificed, and tissue samples were collected and prepared for histopathological and stereology studies. Glomerular abnormalities and reduced glomerular formation were observed in the BPA offspring. The kidneys of the BPA10 and BPA100 female offspring had a significantly lower glomerular number and density than those of the CONTROL female offspring. The glomerular histomorphometry revealed a significant difference between the female and male CONTROL offspring for the analysed glomerular parameters that disappeared in the BPA10 and BPA100 offspring. In addition, the kidney histopathological examination showed typical male cuboidal epithelial cells of the Bowman capsule in the female BPA offspring. Exposure to environmentally relevant doses of BPA during embryonic development altered nephrogenesis. These structural changes could be associated with an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases later in life.
[Health status and affecting factors of late-preterm infants].; OBJECTIVE: To study the birth rate, mortality, complications, related factors of preterm infants at Beijing Haidian Maternity and Children's Hospital in 2007, so as to establish the foundations for a more systematic and effective program for clinical treatments. METHODS: Data of all the neonates born at Beijing Haidian Maternity and Children's Hospital during the period from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2007 were recorded for statistical analysis. All near-term infants of 35 - 37 weeks of gestational age were taken into observation group. Within 24 hours after birth, blood routine examination, urine and stool routine examination, blood gas analysis and electrolytes, blood glucose monitoring (at 1st, 3rd, 6th, 12th, and 24th hours), chest radiography examination, skull and heart color Doppler ultrasonographic examination were conducted. Full-term infants who were born on the first day of every month were randomly selected as a comparison group (totally 350 cases) for statistical analysis. Complications of the two groups were recorded in detail. Factors such as the ages of parturients, maternal infections, pregnancy-induced hypertension, diabetes, anaemia, premature rupture of membranes, abnormal aminotic fluid, abnormal umbilical cord, abnormal placenta, and twin were analyzed and compared. RESULTS: Of the 12,286 infants born during the study period, 333 were late-preterm infants; the birth rate of late-preterm infants was 2.71%. Among the complications in late-preterm infants, the hyperbilirubinemia topped at 33.6%, followed by respiratory distress (16.8%), hypoglycemia (9.0%), intracranial hemorrhage (8.1%), anemia or erythrocytosis (5.7%), and digestive system disease (5.4%). Late-preterm infants have higher rate of the hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, anemia or erythrocytosis and digestive system disease (P < 0.05). The length of hospital stay of late-preterm infants, which is 5.1 d +/- 3.90 d, was significantly longer than those of full-term infants which was 3.2 d +/- 1.61 d (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The proportion of late-preterm infants was 2.71% of all live born infants at Beijing Haidian Maternity and Children's Hospital from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2007. The occurrence rate of complications and mortality rate were higher than those of full-term infants. Late-preterm infants also have longer hospital stay. Hyperbilirubinemia is a common complication for late-preterm infants. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, anemia, premature rupture of membranes and twins are the major causes of higher morbidity and mortality of late-preterm infants. Pediatricians should pay much more attention to late-preterm infants, and should accept them for further observation and treatments.
The microcirculation: a target for developmental priming.; There is increasing evidence that the early life environment, of which nutrition is a key component, acts through developmental adaptations to set the capacity of cardiovascular and metabolic pathways, and ultimately the limits to physiological challenges in later life. Suboptimal maternal nutrition and fetal growth result in reduced microvascular perfusion and functional dilator capacity, which are strongly associated with later development of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension. These conditions are also linked to microvascular rarefaction and remodeling that together limit capillary recruitment, reduce exchange capacity and increase diffusion distances of metabolic substrates, and increase local and overall peripheral resistance. Changes in small vessel structure and function may be seen very early, long before the onset of overt cardiovascular and metabolic disease, and may thus be a target for early therapeutic and lifestyle intervention strategies. This article explores how a disadvantageous microvascular phenotype may result from perinatal priming and how developmental plasticity may become an important and additional risk determinant in susceptibility to cardiometabolic disease in adult life.
The Determinants of Adolescent Glycolipid Metabolism Disorder: A Cohort Study.; BACKGROUND: The increased prevalence of glycolipid metabolism disorders (GLMD) in childhood and adolescents has a well-established association with adult type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases; therefore, determinants of GLMD need to be evaluated during this period. OBJECTIVES: To explore the prevalence of and risk factors for GLMD from the prenatal period through childhood and adolescence. METHODS: A bidirectional cohort study which was established in 2014 and followed between March 1 and July 20, 2019, was used to illustrate the impact factors for GLMD. Stratified cluster sampling in urban-rural areas was used to include subjects from four communities in Chongqing. 2808 healthy children aged between 6 and 9 years in 2014 entered the cohort in 2014 and followed in 2019 with a follow-up rate of 70%. 2,136 samples (aged 11.68 ± 0.60 years) were included. RESULTS: The prevalence rates of insulin resistance (IR), prediabetes/diabetes, and dyslipidemia were 21.02%, 7.19%, and 21.61%, respectively. Subjects with an urban residence, no pubertal development, dyslipidemia in 2014, higher family income, and higher parental education had significantly elevated fasting insulin (FI) or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels; subjects with female sex, no pubertal development, dyslipidemia in 2014, obesity, gestational hypertension, maternal weight gain above Institute of Medicine guidelines, and single parents had increased triglyceride or triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL). Adolescents with rural residence had higher HbA1c level. CONCLUSION: We observed that the prevalence of GLMD was high in childhood and adolescents, and rural-urban areas, sex, pubertal development, dyslipidemia in a younger age, maternal obesity, and hypertension were associated with increased GLMD risk, suggesting that implementing the community-family intervention to improve the GLMD of children is essential.
Prenatal Pollutant Exposures and Hypothalamic Development: Early Life Disruption of Metabolic Programming.; Environmental contaminants in ambient air pollution pose a serious risk to long-term metabolic health. Strong evidence shows that prenatal exposure to pollutants can significantly increase the risk of Type II Diabetes (T2DM) in children and all ethnicities, even without the prevalence of obesity. The central nervous system (CNS) is critical in regulating whole-body metabolism. Within the CNS, the hypothalamus lies at the intersection of the neuroendocrine and autonomic systems and is primarily responsible for the regulation of energy homeostasis and satiety signals. The hypothalamus is particularly sensitive to insults during early neurodevelopmental periods and may be susceptible to alterations in the formation of neural metabolic circuitry. Although the precise molecular mechanism is not yet defined, alterations in hypothalamic developmental circuits may represent a leading cause of impaired metabolic programming. In this review, we present the current knowledge on the links between prenatal pollutant exposure and the hypothalamic programming of metabolism.
The Yucatan miniature pig: characterization and utilization in biomedical research.; Yucatan miniature swine have a variety of applications in biomedical research. Sublines developed from the primary population at Colorado State University have been characterized genetically with special attributes. This report describes this unique laboratory animal, genetic selection programs, and its utilization in biomedical research.
[Intensified insulin therapy by multiple injections or by pump].; A relationship exists between metabolic control and the development of late complications of diabetes. Recently, new strategies of insulin therapy have been developed to normalize blood glucose control, with a view to preventing late complications of diabetes and increasing patients' well-being. Intensified insulin therapy can be performed by multiple insulin injections or by continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion with a pump; regular self-monitoring of blood glucose is mandatory with these types of treatment. Results obtained with both forms of insulin therapy are comparable, although in some cases pump treatment is superior. Intensified insulin therapy is principally aimed at young, motivated and compliant diabetic patients without advanced complications, and at diabetic women before and during pregnancy. The potential risks of intensified insulin therapy are reviewed.
Insulin sensitivity in children born small for gestational age (SGA).; In the past decade, several epidemiological studies have shown a relationship between intrauterine growth retardation and insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Although the biological mechanisms underlying this association are still largely unknown, different explanatory hypotheses have been proposed. It seems likely that the various pathways may interact with each other, all contributing at different degrees to the development of the metabolic disturbances.
Pregnancy after heart transplantation: a well-thought-out decision? The Quebec provincial experience - a multi-centre cohort study.; Despite reports of successful pregnancies in heart transplant (HTx) recipients, many centers recommend their patients against maternity. We reviewed our provincial experience of pregnancy in HTx recipients by performing charts review of all known gestations following HTx in the province of Quebec (Canada), stratified between planned and unplanned pregnancies. Long-term survival was compared to HTx recipient women of childbearing age who did not become pregnant. Eighteen pregnancies, 56% unplanned, occurred in eight patients, 10.1 (2.6-27.0) years after HTx. Immunosuppression was CNI-based, with a mean dose increase of 48.3% (tacrolimus) and 26.5% (cyclosporine), without rejection. Cardiometabolic complications were high compared to the general Canadian population, including preeclampsia (15.4% vs. 5.5%), hypertension (38.5% vs. 4.6%), and diabetes (15.4% vs. 5.6%). Mean gestational age was 35.1 (23.4-39.6) weeks (72.2% live births; 53.8% prematurity). Mean birthweight was 2418 (660-3612) g. Serum creatinine increased during pregnancy, becoming significant after delivery (P = 0.0239), and returning to preconception level in all but three patients within a year. After 4.6 (1.2-17.2) years of follow-up, two rejection episodes occurred in one patient. Long-term mortality was similar to overall HTx women (Kaplan-Meier; P = 0.8071). Pregnancy in HTx carries high cardiometabolic complications and decreased kidney function, but is feasible with acceptable outcomes and no impact on mother's survival.
Gregg's congenital rubella patients 60 years later.; BACKGROUND: In 1941, a Sydney ophthalmologist, Norman McAlister Gregg, correctly identified the link between congenital cataracts in infants and maternal rubella early in pregnancy. Fifty of Gregg's subjects with congenital rubella, born in 1939-1944, were reviewed in 1967 and again in 1991. We reviewed this cohort in 2000-2001, 60 years after their intrauterine infection. METHODS: The subjects underwent full clinical assessment, plus pathology tests, an ophthalmological and cardiological review (including electrocardiography and echocardiography) and HLA histocompatibility testing. RESULTS: Since they were first seen in 1967, 10 have died (cardiovascular causes [4], malignant disease [4], AIDS [1], and hepatitis C-related cirrhosis [1]). All surviving men came for review (19) and 13 women (eight women declined). Echocardiography showed mild aortic valve sclerosis in 68%. The prevalence of diabetes (22%), thyroid disorders (19%), early menopause (73%) and osteoporosis (12.5%) was increased compared with the Australian population; 41% had undetectable levels of rubella antibodies. The frequency of HLA-A1 (44%) and HLA-B8 (34%) antigens was increased, and the haplotype HLA-A1, B8, DR3, said to be highly associated with many autoimmune conditions, was present in 25%. CONCLUSIONS: This cohort of people with congenital rubella has illuminated our understanding of viral teratogenesis.
Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors and the Risk of Congenital Malformations.; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between first-trimester angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor exposure and the risk of overall major congenital, cardiac, and central nervous system malformations. METHODS: We used a cohort of completed pregnancies linked to liveborn neonates derived from Medicaid claims from 2000 to 2010. We examined the risk of malformations associated with first-trimester exposure to an ACE inhibitor. Propensity score-based methods were used to control for potential confounders including maternal demographics, medical conditions, exposure to other medications, and measures of health care utilization. RESULTS: The cohort included 1,333,624 pregnancies, of which 4,107 (0.31%) were exposed to ACE inhibitors during the first trimester. The prevalence of overall malformations in the ACE inhibitor-exposed pregnancies was 5.9% compared with 3.3% in the unexposed (unadjusted relative risk, 1.82; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.61-2.06), of cardiac malformations was 3.4% compared with 1.2% (relative risk 2.95, 95% CI 2.50-3.47), and of central nervous system malformations was 0.27% compared with 0.18% (relative risk 1.46, 95% CI 0.81-2.64). After restricting the cohort to pregnancies complicated by chronic hypertension (both exposed and unexposed) and accounting for other confounding factors, there was no significant increase in the risk of any of the outcomes assessed. Relative risks associated with first-trimester ACE inhibitor exposure were 0.89 (95% CI 0.75-1.06) for overall malformations, 0.95 (95% CI 0.75-1.21) for cardiac malformations, and 0.54 (95% CI 0.26-1.11) for CNS malformations. CONCLUSIONS: After accounting for confounders, among women with hypertension, exposure to ACE inhibitors during the first trimester was not associated with an increased risk of major congenital malformations.
Morphological alterations of hypothalamic nuclei due to intrahypothalamic hyperinsulinism in newborn rats.; In former studies, a temporary, intrahypothalamically localized hyperinsulinism during brain development was shown to result in overweight and metabolic disturbances during later life in rats. Therefore, we tested the hypothesis whether intrahypothalamic insulin treatment during early postnatal life may lead to hypothalamic morphological alterations, i.e., of numerical density of neurons and area of neuronal nuclei or area of neuronal cytoplasm, in this animal model. For this purpose, on the 8th day of age in Wistar rats a long-acting insulin was bilaterally applicated stereotactically into the hypothalamus (12 mIU on each side), while in controls the insulin-free agar-vehicle was given only. By computer-assisted morphometric analysis on the 15th day of life a decrease of the mean area of neuronal nuclei and the mean nucleus-cytoplasm-ratio within the VMN of the insulin-treated animals was observed, as compared to control rats (P < 0.05), while no significant alterations were found in the lateral hypothalamic area (LHA). Analysis of topographically distinct parts of the VMN revealed significant reductions of the mean area of neuronal nuclei (P < 0.001) and nucleus-cytoplasm-ratio (P < 0.05) in the anterior part of the VMN (VMNpa). Furthermore, in the ventrolateral part (VMNpv) a decreased mean neuronal density was observed in the insulin group (P < 0.01). In contrast, the dorsomedial part of the VMN (VMNpd) displayed an increased mean neuronal density in the insulin-treated animals (P < 0.05). In the dorsomedial hypothalamic nucleus (DMN) a significant increase of the mean area of neuronal nuclei (P < 0.01) and the area of neuronal cytoplasm were observed (P < 0.001). These alterations were accompanied by a significantly elevated mean numerical density of astrocytes (positive for glial fibriallary acidic protein; GFAP+) within the periventricular hypothalamic area (PER) of the insulin-treated rats (P < 0.05). These observations speak for a varying vulnerability of LHA, DMN and distinct parts of the VMN to hyperinsulinism during early development, possibly leading to a disturbed organization and, consecutively, permanent dysfunction of these morphologically connected and functionally interacting hypothalamic nuclei.
Developmental programming: maternal hypercholesterolemia and immunity influence susceptibility to atherosclerosis.; It is increasingly recognized that the in utero environment is an important determinant of adult disease, and extensive epidemiological evidence links dysmetabolic conditions during pregnancy with increased hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes later in life. The original Barker Hypothesis focused on low birth weight as the primary indicator of postnatal risk, but low birth weight may arise from other, non-metabolic conditions. This has impeded the identification of developmental programming mechanisms. More recently, the focus has shifted to the impact of specific maternal risk factors, such as obesity, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes, on cardiovascular risk in offspring. Inflammation plays a central role in these maternal conditions as well as in offspring atherogenesis, and two key factors that influence inflammation, maternal hypercholesterolemia and maternal immune mechanisms, have been shown to affect the developmental programming of atherosclerosis. Maternal hypercholesterolemia in pregnancy, even if only temporary, is associated with increased fatty streak formation in human fetal arteries and accelerated progression of atherosclerosis in normocholesterolemic children. Conversely, immunization of experimental animals with oxidized low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, an antigen prevalent in atherosclerotic lesions, inhibits the progression of atherosclerosis in the offspring of hypercholesterolemic mothers. These findings indicate it is possible, in principle, to program postnatal immune responses and to reduce atherosclerosis, and potentially other immunomodulated diseases, by targeted maternal immunomodulation.
Obesity in women: a life cycle of medical risk.; Obesity can have an adverse impact on health at each stage of a woman's life cycle. In young women, obesity has an impact on psychosocial health and, as they grow older and become parents, on their reproductive health. Obesity also imposes a number of serious risks during pregnancy. In older women, obesity is associated with the emergence of a number of related chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, and increased risk for almost all types of cancer. Of concern in the elderly is the increasing evidence that obesity is an independent risk factor for dementia and Alzheimer's disease. Obesity also has a marked impact on life expectancy. The medical risks associated with obesity in women are also important for the woman's children and future generations. There is emerging evidence that nutrition during fetal and early life can influence risk for obesity and chronic diseases for both sexes.
Sex differences in the association between prenatal exposure to maternal obesity and hippocampal volume in children.; INTRODUCTION: Animal studies have shown that male but not female offspring exposed to maternal obesity have abnormal hippocampal development. Similar sex differences were observed in animal models of developmental programming by prenatal stress or maternal diabetes. We aimed to translate this work into humans by examining sex-specific effects of exposure to maternal obesity on hippocampal volume in children. METHODS: Eighty-eight children (37 boys and 51 girls) aged 7-11 years completed the study. Maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) was obtained from electronic medical records. A high-resolution anatomical scan was performed using a 3-Tesla magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scanner. Total hippocampal volume and hippocampal subfield volumes were analyzed using FreeSurfer 6.0. Linear regression was used to investigate sex differences in relationships between maternal prepregnancy BMI and child hippocampal volume. RESULTS: Maternal prepregnancy BMI ranged from 19.0 to 50.4 kg/m(2) . We observed a significant interaction between maternal prepregnancy BMI and sex on total hippocampal volume (p < .001) such that boys (r = -.39, p = .018) but not girls (r = .11, p = .45) had a significant negative relationship between maternal prepregnancy BMI and total hippocampal volume. This relationship in boys remained significant after adjusting for child and maternal covariates (β = -126.98, p = .012). The sex interactions with prepregnancy BMI were consistently observed in hippocampal subfields CA1 (p = .008), CA2/3 (p = .016), CA4 (p = .002), dentate gyrus (p < .001), and subiculum (p < .001). CONCLUSIONS: Our results support findings in animal models and suggest that boys may be more vulnerable to the adverse effects of exposure to maternal obesity on hippocampal development than girls.
[Morgagni's syndrome].; Morgagni's Syndrome is a polyglandular endocrine syndrome, occurring almost exclusively in the female sex. It is characterized of the classical triad: internal frontal hyperostosis, obesity, virillism, and often accompanied by an old-age type of diabetes. In itself the hyperostosis is of little significance, but sometimes it is a valuable sign of a disorder of the carbohydrate metabolism. In many cases the syndrome is almost symptomless, in other cases senile neuro-psychiatric symptoms and ailments of old age dominate the clinical picture. The internal frontal hyperostosis has no closer relation to other more or less diffuse thickenings of the skull.
Maternal cardiovascular-related single nucleotide polymorphisms, genes, and pathways associated with early-onset preeclampsia.; INTRODUCTION: Preeclampsia is a medical condition complicated with hypertension and proteinuria during pregnancy. While preeclampsia affects approximately 5% of pregnancies, it remains without a cure. In addition, women who had preeclampsia during pregnancy have been reported to have an increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. However, the disease etiology and molecular mechanisms remain poorly understood. The paucity in the literature on preeclampsia associated maternal cardiovascular risk in different ethnic populations also present a need for more research. Therefore, the objective of this study was to identify cardiovascular/metabolic single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), genes, and regulatory pathways associated with early-onset preeclampsia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We compared maternal DNAs from 31 women with early-onset preeclampsia with those from a control group of 29 women without preeclampsia who delivered full-term normal birthweight infants. Women with multiple gestations and/or known medical disorders associated with preeclampsia (pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, renal disease, hyperthyroidism, and lupus) were excluded. The MetaboChip genotyping array with approximately 197,000 SNPs associated with metabolic and cardiovascular traits was used. Single nucleotide polymorphism analysis was performed using the SNPAssoc program in R. The Truncated Product Method was used to identify significantly associated genes. Ingenuity Pathway Analysis and Ingenuity Causal Network Analysis were used to identify significantly associated disease processes and regulatory gene networks respectively. RESULTS: The early-onset preeclampsia group included 45% Filipino, 26% White, 16% other Asian, and 13% Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islanders, which did not differ from the control group. There were no SNPs associated with early-onset preeclampsia after correction for multiple comparisons. However, through gene-based tests, 68 genes and 23 cardiovascular disease-related processes were found to be significantly associated. Associated gene regulatory networks involved cellular movement, cardiovascular disease, and inflammatory disease. CONCLUSIONS: Multiple cardiovascular genes and diseases demonstrate associations with early-onset preeclampsia. This unfolds new areas of research regarding the genetic determinants of early-onset preeclampsia and their relation to future cardiovascular disease.
Thiazolidinediones and type 2 diabetes: new drugs for an old disease.; Thiazolidinediones are a new class of drugs for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, and act by improving insulin sensitivity in adipose tissue, liver and skeletal muscle. Rosiglitazone and pioglitazone are registered for use in monotherapy, and in combination with sulfonylureas and metformin. Pioglitazone is also licensed for use in combination with insulin. There is level II evidence that in patients with inadequate glycaemic control both drugs reduce the level of HbA1c and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) when used as monotherapy and in combination with sulfonylurea or metformin or insulin; and both drugs increase levels of HDL and LDL and lower free fatty acid levels, but only pioglitazone significantly lowers triglyceride levels. Both drugs lower fasting insulin and C-peptide levels. In monotherapy, they may be slightly less potent at reducing the level of HbA1c than sulfonylureas or metformin. The maximal effect of these agents may not be seen for 6-14 weeks after commencement. Both drugs are well tolerated but liver function must be checked at baseline every second month for the first year, and periodically thereafter. The drugs are currently contraindicated in patients with moderate to severe liver dysfunction and alanine aminotransferase levels more than 2.5 times normal, New York Heart Association III-IV cardiac status, pregnancy, lactation and in children. The main side effects include weight gain, oedema, and mild dilutional anaemia.
The overall hemostasis potential: a laboratory tool for the investigation of global hemostasis.; A simple and rapid global haemostatic assay for determination of the overall hemostasis potential (OHP) in plasma represents a new approach in detecting alterations in the delicate balance between coagulation and fibrinolysis. The assay is based on repeated spectrophotometric registration of the fibrin-aggregation curve in platelet-poor plasma containing small amounts of exogenous thrombin, tissue-type plasminogen activator, and calcium. The overall coagulation potential and overall fibrinolytic potential are supplementary parameters of OHP, providing details of underlying changes in coagulation and/or fibrinolysis. The OHP assay was evaluated in connection with hypercoagulation in normal pregnancy, preeclampsia, some thrombophilias, coronary heart disease, diabetes, stroke, and vascular surgery as well as with hypocoagulability, especially in patients with hemophilia A or B. Preliminary results also indicate the possible usefulness of the assay in monitoring anticoagulant treatments. Large prospective clinical trials are needed before the method can be recommended for routine clinical application.
Remote monitoring of COVID-19 positive high-risk patients in domestic isolation: A feasibility study.; BACKGROUND: If a COVID-19 patient develops a so-called severe course, he or she must be taken to hospital as soon as possible. This proves difficult in domestic isolation, as patients are not continuously monitored. The aim of our study was to establish a telemonitoring system in this setting. METHODS: Oxygen saturation, respiratory rate, heart rate and temperature were measured every 15 minutes using an in-ear device. The data was transmitted to the Telecovid Centre via mobile network or internet and monitored 24/7 by a trained team. The data were supplemented by daily telephone calls. The patients´ individual risk was assessed using a modified National Early Warning Score. In case of a deterioration, a physician initiated the appropriate measures. Covid-19 Patients were included if they were older than 60 years or fulfilled at least one of the following conditions: pre-existing disease (cardiovascular, pulmonary, immunologic), obesity (BMI >35), diabetes mellitus, hypertension, active malignancy, or pregnancy. FINDINGS: 153 patients (median age 59 years, 77 female) were included. Patients were monitored for 9 days (median, IQR 6-13 days) with a daily monitoring time of 13.3 hours (median, IQR 9.4-17.0 hours). 20 patients were referred to the clinic by the Telecovid team. 3 of these required intensive care without invasive ventilation, 4 with invasive ventilation, 1 of the latter died. All patients agreed that the device was easy to use. About 90% of hospitalised patients indicated that they would have delayed hospitalisation further if they had not been part of the study. INTERPRETATION: Our study demonstrates the successful implementation of a remote monitoring system in a pandemic situation. All clinically necessary information was obtained and adequate measures were derived from it without delay.
The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial: the gift that keeps giving.; The Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT) recruited its first patients in 1983. In 1993, the investigators reported that intensive glycemic treatment of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus was superior to conventional therapy in preventing the development of microvascular and neurological complications and thus provided definitive proof of the relationship between hyperglycemia and the subsequent risk of diabetic retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy. The value of this study, however, did not end there. After the original trial, most participants of the DCCT continued to be followed up in the Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications (EDIC) study, which demonstrated the long-term benefits of close glycemic control and provided observational data of a large epidemiological cohort of patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Stored samples from the DCCT have also provided an invaluable resource for the identification of new markers of the disease. Recently, the complete dataset of the DCCT and of the initial years of the EDIC have been made publicly available, which allowed independent investigators to help answer their own questions about diabetes. In conclusion, the DCCT continues to provide new insights into type 1 diabetes mellitus, which are of benefit to patients over a quarter of a century after the trial was started.
Obstetric and perinatal outcome of babies born from sperm selected by MACS from a randomized controlled trial.; PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to assess outcomes after magnetic-activated cell sorting (MACS) technology on obstetric and perinatal outcomes compared with those achieved after swim up from randomized controlled trial. METHODS: This is a two-arm, unicentric, prospective, randomized, and triple-blinded trial and has a total of 237 infertile couples, between October 2010 and January 2013. A total of 65 and 66 newborns from MACS and control group, respectively, were described. RESULTS: MACS had no clinically relevant adverse effects on obstetric and perinatal outcomes. No differences were found for obstetric problems including premature rupture of membranes 6.1% (CI95% 0-12.8) vs. 5.9% (CI95% 0-12.4), 1st trimester bleeding 28.6% (CI95% 15.9-41.2) vs. 23.5% (CI95% 11.9-35.1), invasive procedures as amniocentesis 2.0% (CI95% 0-5.9) vs. 3.9% (CI95% 0-9.2), diabetes 14.3% (CI95% 4.5-24.1) vs. 9.8% (CI95% 1.6-17.9), anemia 6.1% (CI95% 0-12.8) vs. 5.9%(CI95% 0-12.4), 2nd and 3rd trimesters 10.2% (CI95% 1.7-18.7) vs. 5.9% (CI95% 0-12.4), urinary tract infection 8.2% (CI95% 0.5-15.9) vs. 3.9% (CI95% 0-9.2), pregnancy-induced hypertension 6.1% (CI95% 0-12.8) vs. 15.7% (CI95% 5.7-25.7), birth weight (g) 2684.10 (CI95% 2499.48-2868.72) vs. 2676.12 (CI95% 2499.02-2852.21), neonatal height (cm) 48.3 (CI95% 47.1-49.4) vs. 46.5 (CI95% 44.6-48.4), and gestational cholestasis 0%(CI95% 0-0) vs. 3.9% (CI95% 0-9.2), respectively, in MACS group compared with control group. CONCLUSIONS: Our data suggest that MACS technology does not increase or decrease Powered by Editorial Manager® and ProduXion Manager® from Aries Systems Corporation adverse obstetric and perinatal outcomes in children conceived when this technology was performed, being the largest randomized control trial with live birth reported results with MACS.
Near-miss maternal mortality: cardiac dysfunction as the principal cause of obstetric intensive care unit admissions.; OBJECTIVE: Evaluation of "near-miss" maternal mortality is a robust surveillance method to assess the quality of obstetric care and determinants of poor maternal outcome. To evaluate near-miss maternal mortality, we examined patient characteristics and maternal and neonatal outcomes for an obstetric population admitted to intensive care units (ICUs) in a tertiary care center. METHODS: Pregnant and postpartum patients admitted to Duke University Medical Center ICUs from January 2005 to April 2011 were enrolled. Demographic, diagnostic, and outcome data were abstracted from the medical records for analysis. RESULTS: A total of 86 women were included in the study. No participants were included more than once. The mean maternal age (±standard deviation) was 29.8±7.2 years. When racial and ethnic differences were examined, African American women were more likely to be admitted to the ICU. Significant ethnic differences in body mass index (BMI) were noted with African American women (mean BMI 35) and Hispanic women (mean BMI 36) having significantly higher BMIs than white women (mean BMI 28). The majority of patients (87%) were admitted postpartum. The mean length of stay was 10 days. The leading reason for admission to the ICUs was maternal cardiac disease (36%) followed by complications from hemorrhage (29%), sepsis (9%), and hypertensive disorders (9%). No significant racial or ethnic differences in maternal medical comorbidities or neonatal outcome were noted. CONCLUSION: In this obstetric population, the leading reason for ICU admissions was cardiac disease. The increasing prevalence of advanced maternal age, congenital heart disease, obesity, diabetes, and hypertension among women who are of childbearing age may be contributing factors. LEVEL OF EVIDENCE: III.
Update Reference Charts: Fetal Biometry between the 15th and 42nd Week of Gestation.; OBJECTIVES: This study was designed to establish new reference charts for BPD (biparietal diameter), OFD (occipitofrontal diameter), HC (head circumference), CM (cisterna magna), TCD (transverse cerebellar diameter), PCV (posterior cerebral ventricle), AC (abdominal circumference), FL (femur length), and HL (humerus length) and extend known charts to 42 weeks of gestation. These new charts were compared to studies carried out by Snijders and Nicolaides, the INTERGROWTH 21st Project, and the WHO Fetal Growth Charts. METHODS: In this retrospective cross-sectional single-center study of 12,972 low-risk pregnancies, biometric data between the 15th and 42nd weeks of gestation were evaluated. Only one examination per pregnancy was selected for statistical analysis. Descriptive analysis for the 5th, 50th, and 95th quantile was performed for each parameter as listed above. Regression models were used to fit the mean and the SD at each gestational age. RESULTS: Initially the reference curves for BPD, OFD, HC, AC, FL, and HL show a linear increase, which changes into a cubic increase towards the end of pregnancy. The results of this study show statistically noticeable differences from the percentile curves of the studies listed above. CONCLUSIONS: The percentile curves in this study differ from the commonly used ones. The presented standard curves can be used as a reference in prenatal diagnostics.
[Cerebral palsy in childhood: 250 cases report].; OBJECTIVE: To know the etiological factors of cerebral palsy (CP) incident during pregnancy and neonatal/perinatal periods. To know evolution of a child with a CP diagnosis. PATIENTS, MATERIAL AND METHODS: Bibliographical review of paediatric and rehabilitation texts and databases in Internet. Elaboration of a data collecting questionnaire for reviewing clinical records of patients treated in Paediatric Rehabilitation between 1996 and 2000. RESULTS: 250 patients records reviewed. Most frequent illnesses during pregnancy: first twelve weeks haemorrhages: 17.9% and diabetes 8.4%. Child birth: preterm births 32%, cephalic presentation 78.8%, caesarean operations 32%. Mean birth weight 2,714 g, low birth weight babies 27.2%. Needed hospitalary treatment 48%. Mean time in incubator: 46 days among preterm and 26.6 among full term. Mean time in intensive care units: 44.4 days among preterm and 22.7 among full term. Associated diagnoses: CRP 8%, birth asphyxia 24%, neonatal jaundice 27.2%, neonatal respiratory distress 24%, neonatal sepsis 10%, congenital cardiological illnesses 2.4%, dismorphia 2.4%, epilepsy in 40%. Diagnostic imaging: atrophy 38.8%, hydrocephalus 29.4%, ischemia 14.9%, haemorrhage 11.6%. No findings in 23.8%. Children were sent to Paediatric Rehabilitation at mean age of 8 months. Most frequent disorders: spastic quadriplegia (36.1%) spastic diplegia (26.5%) and hemiplegia (17%). Mental retardation 55%. School attendance 81.2%. CP postnatal in 5.2%. CONCLUSIONS: Incidence of CP (2.5/1,000 alive new born) hardly avoidable for persistent rates of prematurity and complications in child births. Good quality of life and survival until adult ages.
Pancreatic beta-cell mass and function and therapeutic implications of using antidiabetic medications in type 2 diabetes.; Nowadays, the focus of diabetes treatment has switched from lowering the glucose level to preserving glycemic homeostasis and slowing the disease progression. The main pathophysiology of both type 1 diabetes and long-standing type 2 diabetes is pancreatic β-cell mass loss and dysfunction. According to recent research, human pancreatic β-cells possess the ability to proliferate in response to elevated insulin demands. It has been demonstrated that in insulin-resistant conditions in humans, such as obesity or pregnancy, the β-cell mass increases. This ability could be helpful in developing novel treatment approaches to restore a functional β-cell mass. Treatment strategies aimed at boosting β-cell function and mass may be a useful tool for managing diabetes mellitus and stopping its progression. This review outlines the processes of β-cell failure and detail the many β-cell abnormalities that manifest in people with diabetes mellitus. We also go over standard techniques for determining the mass and function of β-cells. Lastly, we provide the therapeutic implications of utilizing antidiabetic drugs in controlling the mass and function of pancreatic β-cells.
Moderate developmental undernutrition: Impact on growth and cognitive function in youth and old age.; Low weight at birth is a common adverse developmental effect reported in human populations and animal toxicity studies. Epidemiological evidence links low birth weight to a syndrome of metabolic changes that increase later risk for obesity, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. The present study used a four-treatment cross-over experimental design to evaluate the selective impact of early nutritional deficiency on metabolism and brain function across the lifespan of male Sprague Dawley rats. Undernutrition was induced prenatally by restricting maternal food intake to 50% of ad lib from GD3 to birth. Postnatal undernutrition was induced by fostering pups at birth to naïve dams in large (n=16) litters as opposed to small (n=8) control litters. Body weights were monitored in the early neonatal period, in early adulthood beginning at 5months and through to senescence at 21months of age. In contrast to recent reports, no increase in the prevalence of obesity was seen in animals born to food restricted dams and reared under ad lib feeding conditions. Behavioral tests of locomotion, learning and memory were performed in young, middle-aged, and aged animals. No effects of pre or postnatal nutritional history were detected. Age-dependent reductions in locomotor activity were detected, as well as deficits in spatial learning as measured in the Morris water maze and in context fear conditioning. These findings indicate that moderate fetal undernutrition followed by neonatal adequate nutrition does not appear to lead to obesity or neurological dysfunction in young adulthood or old age.
Macular blood flow measured by blue-field entoptoscopy and Heidelberg retinal flowmetry: comparison of two techniques in type 1 diabetes women during pregnancy.; PURPOSE: This study compared macular capillary leucocyte velocity values measured with a psychophysical blue-field entoptic simulation (BFS) technique and confocal scanning laser Doppler flowmetry. METHODS: A cross-sectional study was performed where macular capillary leucocyte velocity was measured by BFS using an Oculix BFS-2000 V2.1 psychophysical system and by confocal scanning laser Doppler flowmetry using Heidelberg retinal flowmetry (HRF) in 35 type 1 diabetes women during the second trimester. RESULTS: The macular leucocyte velocities measured with BFS correlated significantly with the 50th percentile (r = 0.345, p = 0.042, n = 35, Spearman's non-parametric correlation), the 75th percentile (r = 0.432, p = 0.009) and the 90th percentile (r = 0.373, p = 0.027) of HRF flow values during the second trimester. However, there was no correlation between BFS velocity and the 25th percentile of HRF measurements. CONCLUSIONS: Blue-field simulation is known to be an experimental technique that provides a quantitative measure of flow in the perifoveal capillary network. By contrast, HRF imaging reflects quantitative, multispectral, objective and non-invasive measurements in a two-dimensional projection of a three-dimensional retinal capillary bed. Our study showed that BFS velocity was correlated with HRF values in a group of women with diabetes during pregnancy. The positive correlation between BFS and HRF values suggests that the psychophysical BFS and scanning laser-based HRF measure similar functions in the retina.
Genome-wide gene expression analysis in the placenta from fetus with trisomy 21.; BACKGROUND: We performed whole human genome expression analysis in placenta tissue (normal and T21) samples in order to investigate gene expression into the pathogenesis of trisomy 21 (T21) placenta. We profiled the whole human genome expression of placental samples from normal and T21 fetuses using the GeneChip Human Genome U133 plus 2.0 array. Based on these data, we predicted the functions of differentially expressed genes using bioinformatics tools. RESULTS: A total of 110 genes had different expression patterns in the T21 placentas than they did in the normal placentas. Among them, 77 genes were up-regulated in the T21 placenta and 33 genes were down-regulated compared to their respective levels in normal placentas. Over half of the up-regulated genes (59.7%, n = 46) were located on HSA21. Up-regulated genes in the T21 placentas were significantly associated with T21 and its complications including mental retardation and neurobehavioral manifestations, whereas down-regulated genes were significantly associated with diseases, such as cystitis, metaplasia, pathologic neovascularization, airway obstruction, and diabetes mellitus. The interactive signaling network showed that 53 genes (40 up-regulated genes and 13 down-regulated genes) were an essential component of the dynamic complex of signaling (P < 1.39e-08). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings provide a broad overview of whole human genome expression in the placentas of fetuses with T21 and a possibility that these genes regulate biological pathways that have been involved in T21 and T21 complications. Therefore, these results could contribute to future research efforts concerning gene involvement in the disease's pathogenesis.
Circulating nucleic acids in plasma and serum: recent developments.; Nucleic acids (DNA and RNA) have been detected in plasma, serum, urine, and other body fluids from healthy subjects as well as in patients. The ability to detect and quantitate specific DNA and RNA sequences has opened up the possibility of diagnosis and monitoring of diseases. With the recent developments in the field of circulating nucleic acids the application in the diagnostic field has increased. The recent discovery of epigenetic changes in placental/fetal DNA and the detection of fetal/placental-specific RNAs have made it possible to use this technology in all pregnancies irrespective of the gender of the fetus. With the application of mass spectrometry and other techniques to this field, it is now possible to detect very small amounts of specific DNA in the presence of excess of other nonspecific nucleic acids (e.g., detection of mutations in fetal DNA in the presence of excess of maternal DNA). Circulating nucleic acids have now been shown to be useful in other conditions, such as diabetes mellitus, trauma, stroke, and myocardial infarction. In oncology, detection and monitoring of tumors is now possible by the detection of tumor-derived nucleic acids. In spite of these advances questions regarding the origin and biologic significance of circulating nucleic acids remain to be answered. Furthermore pre-analytical and analytical aspects of this field remain to be standardized.
Center Variation in the Delivery of Indicated Late Preterm Births.; Objective Evidence for optimal timing of delivery for some pregnancy complications at late preterm gestation is limited. The purpose of this study was to identify center variation of indicated late preterm births. Study design We performed an analysis of singleton late preterm and term births from a large U.S. retrospective obstetrical cohort. Births associated with spontaneous preterm labor, major congenital anomalies, chorioamnionitis, and emergency cesarean were excluded. We used modified Poisson fixed effects logistic regression with interaction terms to assess center variation of indicated late preterm births associated with four medical/obstetric comorbidities after adjusting for socio-demographics, comorbidities, and hospital/provider characteristics. Results We identified 150,055 births from 16 hospitals; 9,218 were indicated late preterm births. We found wide variation of indicated late preterm births across hospitals. The extent of center variation was greater for births associated with preterm premature rupture of membranes (risk ratio [RR] across sites: 0.45-3.05), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (RR across sites: 0.36-1.27), and placenta previa/abruption (RR across sites: 0.48-1.82). We found less center variation for births associated with diabetes (RR across sites: 0.65-1.39). Conclusion Practice variation in the management of indicated late preterm deliveries might be a source of preventable late preterm birth.
Maternal asthma, diabetes, and high blood pressure are associated with low birth weight and increased hospital birth and delivery charges; Hawai'i hospital discharge data 2003-2008.; Asthma, diabetes, and high blood pressure are common maternal conditions that can impact birth outcomes. Data from hospital discharges in Hawai'i were analyzed for 107,034 singleton births from 2003-2008. Categories were determined using the International Statistical Classification of Diseases, ninth revision (ICD-9) from linked delivery records of mother and infant. Prevalence estimates of asthma (ICD-9: 493), diabetes (ICD-9: 250,648.0, 648.8), high blood pressure (ICD-9: 401-405,642) as coded on the delivery record, low birth weight (<2500 grams), high birth weight (>4500 grams), Cesarean delivery, and median hospital charges were calculated. Median regression analysis assessed total hospital charges adjusting for maternal age, maternal race, insurance, and Cesarean delivery. Maternal asthma was present in 4.3% (95% confidence interval=4.1-4.4%), maternal diabetes was present in 7.7% (95% CI=7.6-7.9%), and maternal high blood pressure was present in 9.2% (95% CI=9.0-9.3%) of births. In the adjusted median regression analysis, mothers with asthma had $999 (95% CI: $886 to $1,112) higher hospital charges compared to those without; mothers with diabetes had $743 (95% CI: $636 to $850) higher charges compared to those without; and mothers with high blood pressure had $2,314 (95% CI: $2,194 to $2,434) higher charges compared to those without. Asthma, diabetes, and high blood pressure are associated with higher hospital delivery charges and low birth weight. Diabetes and high blood pressure were also associated with Cesarean delivery. An increased awareness of the impact of these conditions on both adverse birth outcomes and the development of chronic disease is needed.
Perinatal exposure to environmental estrogens and the development of obesity.; Dietary substances and xenobiotic compounds with hormone-like activity can disrupt the programming of endocrine signaling pathways that are established during perinatal differentiation. The consequences of this disruption may not be apparent until later in life but increasing evidence implicates developmental exposure to environmental hormone-mimics with a growing list of adverse health effects including reproductive problems and increased cancer risks. Obesity has recently been proposed to be yet another adverse health consequence of exposure to endocrine disrupting substances during development. There is a renewed focus on identifying contributions of environmental factors to the development of obesity since it is reaching worldwide epidemic proportions, and this disease has the potential to overwhelm healthcare systems with associated illnesses such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Here, we review the literature that proposes an association of perinatal exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals, in particular those with estrogenic activity, with the development of obesity later in life. We further describe an animal model of developmental exposure to diethylstilbestrol (DES) to study mechanisms involved in programming for obesity. Our experimental data support the idea that adipocytes and the mechanisms involved in weight homeostasis are novel targets of abnormal programming of environmental estrogens, some of which are found in our foods as naturally occurring substances or inadvertently as contaminants.
Obstetric and fetal/neonatal outcomes in pregnant women with frequent premature ventricular complexes and structurally normal heart.; BACKGROUND: High premature ventricular complex (PVC) burden may increase the risk of left ventricular dysfunction and all-cause mortality. We aimed to evaluate maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with structurally normal heart having PVC burden ≥1%. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study used data from Chang Gung Research Database. Pregnancies from January 1, 2005, through June 30, 2020, with documented maternal PVC burden ≥1% by 24-h Holter monitor were identified. Pregnant women with a diagnosis of structural heart disease or arrhythmias other than PVC were excluded. We used propensity score matching (PSM) to balance the covariates between the PVC group and normal control group. The PVC group was classified into low-PVC (<10%) and high-PVC burden subgroups. The maternal and neonatal outcomes were assessed through 6 months after delivery or termination. RESULTS: After PSM, there were 214, 61, and 46 pregnant women enrolled in the normal control group, low-PVC burden, and high-PVC burden subgroups, respectively. The high-PVC and low-PVC burden subgroups had composite adverse maternal and neonatal events similar to the control group without use of antiarrhythmic drugs (AADs), but a higher proportion of placental abruption was observed in the high-PVC burden subgroup. Maternal age, diabetes, and overweight were significant predictors of composite adverse maternal events, whereas only maternal age was a significant predictor of composite adverse neonatal events. CONCLUSIONS: High PVC burden was not associated with poor composite adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes with no need of AADs therapy in pregnant women with structurally normal heart.
Anemic hypoxemia reduces myoblast proliferation and muscle growth in late-gestation fetal sheep.; Fetal skeletal muscle growth requires myoblast proliferation, differentiation, and fusion into myofibers in addition to protein accretion for fiber hypertrophy. Oxygen is an important regulator of this process. Therefore, we hypothesized that fetal anemic hypoxemia would inhibit skeletal muscle growth. Studies were performed in late-gestation fetal sheep that were bled to anemic and therefore hypoxemic conditions beginning at ∼125 days of gestation (term = 148 days) for 9 ± 0 days (n = 19) and compared with control fetuses (n = 16). A metabolic study was performed on gestational day ∼134 to measure fetal protein kinetic rates. Myoblast proliferation and myofiber area were determined in biceps femoris (BF), tibialis anterior (TA), and flexor digitorum superficialis (FDS) muscles. mRNA expression of muscle regulatory factors was determined in BF. Fetal arterial hematocrit and oxygen content were 28% and 52% lower, respectively, in anemic fetuses. Fetal weight and whole body protein synthesis, breakdown, and accretion rates were not different between groups. Hindlimb length, however, was 7% shorter in anemic fetuses. TA and FDS muscles weighed less, and FDS myofiber area was smaller in anemic fetuses compared with controls. The percentage of Pax7(+) myoblasts that expressed Ki67 was lower in BF and tended to be lower in FDS from anemic fetuses indicating reduced myoblast proliferation. There was less MYOD and MYF6 mRNA expression in anemic versus control BF consistent with reduced myoblast differentiation. These results indicate that fetal anemic hypoxemia reduced muscle growth. We speculate that fetal muscle growth may be improved by strategies that increase oxygen availability.
Longitudinal study of cerebral blood flow regulation during exercise in pregnancy.; Cerebrovascular adaptation to pregnancy is poorly understood. We sought to assess cerebrovascular regulation in response to visual stimulation, hypercapnia and exercise across the three trimesters of pregnancy. Using transcranial Doppler (TCD) ultrasound, middle and posterior cerebral artery mean blood velocities (MCAv(mean) and PCAv(mean)) were measured continuously at rest and in response to (1) visual stimulation to assess neurovascular coupling (NVC); (2) a modified Duffin hyperoxic CO(2) rebreathe test, and (3) an incremental cycling exercise test to volitional fatigue in non-pregnant (n = 26; NP) and pregnant women (ﬁrst trimester [n = 13; TM1], second trimester [n = 21; TM2], and third trimester [n = 20; TM3]) in total 47 women. At rest, MCAv(mean) and P(ET)CO(2) were lower in TM2 compared to NP. PCAv(mean) was lower in TM2 but not TM1 or TM3 compared to NP. Cerebrovascular reactivity in MCAv(mean) and PCAv(mean) during the hypercapnic rebreathing test was not different between pregnant and non-pregnant women. MCAv(mean) continued to increase over the second half of the exercise test in TM2 and TM3, while it decreased in NP due to differences in ΔP(ET)CO(2) between groups. Pregnant women experienced a delayed decrease in MCAv(mean) in response to maximal exercise compared to non-pregnant controls which was explained by CO(2) reactivity and P(ET)CO(2) level.
Association between maternal body mass index and congenital heart defects in offspring: a systematic review.; The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between maternal body mass index and all congenital heart defects (CHDs) combined and 11 individual defects. PubMed, ELSEVIER ScienceDirect, and Springer Link (up to February 2013) were searched, and the reference list of retrieved articles was reviewed. Three authors independently extracted the data. The systematic review included 24 studies, 14 of which were included in a metaanalysis. Statistical software was used to perform all statistical analyses. Fixed-effects or random-effects model was used to pool the results of individual study (expressed as odds ratios [ORs] with 95% confidence intervals [CIs]). A dose-response effect was observed between overweight, moderate obesity, and severe obesity and a pregnancy with any CHD (the pooled ORs: OR, 1.08 [95% CI, 1.02-1.15]; OR, 1.15 [95% CI, 1.11-1.20]; and OR, 1.39 [95% CI, 1.31-1.47], respectively) as well as some individual defects such as hypoplastic left heart syndrome, pulmonary valve stenosis, and outflow tract defects. When we excluded mothers with diabetes mellitus, the pooled ORs for all CHDs combined were 1.12 (95% CI, 1.04-1.20) and 1.38 (95% CI, 1.20-1.59) for moderately obese and severely obese, respectively. The highest increased risk was severely obese mothers for tetralogy of Fallot (OR, 1.94; 95% CI, 1.49-2.51). Being underweight did not increase the risk of any of the aforementioned CHDs but did increase the risk of aortic valve stenosis (OR, 1.47; 95% CI, 1.01-2.15]). The results of our study showed that increasing maternal body mass index was associated with an increasing risk of CHDs; severe obesity was an even greater risk factor for the development of CHDs.
Dental Problems in Primary Care.; Oral health directly affects overall health and quality of life. More Americans lack dental insurance than medical insurance. Patients with poor oral health are more likely to have respiratory and cardiovascular diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and diabetes mellitus. Early childhood caries is the most common chronic condition in American children. Certain illicit and prescription drugs increase the risk of enamel erosion and caries formation in adults. Incision and drainage is the treatment of choice for dental abscess. Risk factors for periodontal disease include smoking, diabetes, human immunodeficiency virus infection, use of certain medications, and genetic susceptibility. Patients with gingivitis typically present with swollen, erythematous gum tissue that bleeds easily with brushing or flossing. One in three children will have an injury to the primary teeth, and one in five 12-year-old children will have an injury to the permanent teeth. All dental fractures should be evaluated with imaging and managed in conjunction with a dental professional. Immediate reimplantation is the preferred treatment for avulsed permanent teeth. Primary care clinicians are well positioned to reduce rates of oral disease. Family physicians can incorporate oral health into routine practice through counseling about diet, oral hygiene, smoking cessation, and fluoride supplementation; application of fluoride varnish; and screening for dental disease.
Peri-operative anaesthetic management of women with obesity.; Obesity in women is prevalent and growing at an alarming pace worldwide, resulting in significant healthcare and socioeconomic consequences. Obesity is a multisystemic disease that is associated with numerous comorbidities, particularly sleep-disordered breathing, hypertension, coronary artery disease, pulmonary hypertension, thromboembolism, and diabetes mellitus. Additionally, obesity poses several peri-operative challenges including difficulty with airway management and mechanical ventilation, challenges with intravenous access or regional blocks, the need for modified anaesthetic drug dosing, the requirement for correctly sized and rated equipment, and appropriate post-operative monitoring. Therefore, early multidisciplinary planning is crucial to identify and address important peri-operative and clinical issues. Parturients with obesity are especially at high risk due to the additional physiological changes and obstetric comorbidities associated with obesity. Antenatal anaesthetic consultation along with close communication and collaboration within the multidisciplinary team are important to improve maternal and neonatal safety.
Effects of prenatal exercise on fetal heart rate, umbilical and uterine blood flow: a systematic review and meta-analysis.; OBJECTIVE: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis examining the influence of acute and chronic prenatal exercise on fetal heart rate (FHR) and umbilical and uterine blood flow metrics. DESIGN: Systematic review with random-effects meta-analysis and meta-regression. DATA SOURCES: Online databases were searched up to 6 January 2017. STUDY ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Studies of all designs were included (except case studies) if published in English, Spanish or French, and contained information on the population (pregnant women without contraindication to exercise), intervention (subjective or objective measures of frequency, intensity, duration, volume or type of exercise, alone ["exercise-only"] or in combination with other intervention components [eg, dietary; "exercise + co-intervention"]), comparator (no exercise or different frequency, intensity, duration, volume and type of exercise) and outcomes (FHR, beats per minute (bpm); uterine and umbilical blood flow metrics (systolic:diastolic (S/D) ratio; Pulsatility Index (PI); Resistance Index (RI); blood flow, mL/min; and blood velocity, cm/s)). RESULTS: 'Very low' to 'moderate' quality evidence from 91 unique studies (n=4641 women) were included. Overall, FHR increased during (mean difference (MD)=6.35bpm; 95% CI 2.30 to 10.41, I(2)=95%, p=0.002) and following acute exercise (MD=4.05; 95% CI 2.98 to 5.12, I(2)=83%, p<0.00001). The incidence of fetal bradycardia was low at rest and unchanged with acute exercise. There were no significant changes in umbilical or uterine S/D, PI, RI, blood flow or blood velocity during or following acute exercise sessions. Chronic exercise decreased resting FHR and the umbilical artery S/D, PI and RI at rest. CONCLUSION: Acute and chronic prenatal exercise do not adversely impact FHR or uteroplacental blood flow metrics.
Lactoferrin, Osteopontin and Lactoferrin-Osteopontin Complex: A Critical Look on Their Role in Perinatal Period and Cardiometabolic Disorders.; Milk-derived bioactive proteins have increasingly gained attention and consideration throughout the world due to their high-quality amino acids and multiple health-promoting attributes. Apparently, being at the forefront of functional foods, these bioactive proteins are also suggested as potential alternatives for the management of various complex diseases. In this review, we will focus on lactoferrin (LF) and osteopontin (OPN), two multifunctional dairy proteins, as well as to their naturally occurring bioactive LF-OPN complex. While describing their wide variety of physiological, biochemical, and nutritional functionalities, we will emphasize their specific roles in the perinatal period. Afterwards, we will evaluate their ability to control oxidative stress, inflammation, gut mucosal barrier, and intestinal microbiota in link with cardiometabolic disorders (CMD) (obesity, insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension) and associated complications (diabetes and atherosclerosis). This review will not only attempt to highlight the mechanisms of action, but it will critically discuss the potential therapeutic applications of the underlined bioactive proteins in CMD.
The heritability of metabolic profiles in newborn twins.; Identifying genetic and metabolic biomarkers in neonates has the potential to improve diagnosis and treatment of common complex neonatal diseases, and potentially lead to risk assessment and preventative measures for common adulthood illnesses such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. There is a wealth of information on using fatty acid, amino acid and organic acid metabolite profiles to identify rare inherited congenital diseases through newborn screening, but little is known about these metabolic profiles in the context of the 'healthy' newborn. Recent studies have implicated many of the amino acid and fatty acid metabolites utilized in newborn screening in common complex adult diseases such as cardiovascular disease, insulin resistance and obesity. To determine the heritability of metabolic profiles in newborns, we examined 381 twin pairs obtained from the Iowa Neonatal Metabolic Screening Program. Heritability was estimated using multilevel mixed-effects linear regression adjusting for gestational age, gender, weight and age at time of sample collection. The highest heritability was for short-chain acylcarnitines, specifically C4 (h²=0.66, P=2 × 10⁻¹⁶), C4-DC (h²=0.83, P<10⁻¹⁶) and C5 (h²=0.61, P=1 × 10⁻⁹). Thyroid stimulating hormone (h²=0.58, P=2 × 10⁻⁵) and immunoreactive trypsinogen (h²=0.52, P=3 × 10⁻⁹) also have a strong genetic component. This is direct evidence for a strong genetic contribution to the metabolic profile at birth and that newborn screening data can be utilized for studying the genetic regulation of many clinically relevant metabolites.
[From the newborn infant to the child, to the adult: historia magistra vitae].; The hypothesis of the prenatal programming of adult diseases took on increasing interest from the moment that, in the 60s, an epidemiological association was proposed between low birth weight and cardiovascular diseases. In the last 20 years it has been demonstrated that individuals with low weight, low stature and thinness at birth have a higher risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes. Animal and clinical studies are casting light on the biological mechanisms underlying the association between modified development in the uterus and diseases, and on how growth in adolescence and in adult life can modulate this initial proneness to disease. One of the mechanisms that has aroused most interest among researchers is the reduced number of nephrons, associated with low birth weight, which predisposes to glomerulosclerosis and increased systemic arterial pressure in adult life. A correlation has also been found between low weight at birth and peripheral resistance to insulin. Nevertheless, it is thought that modified prenatal development is only a predisposing factor, open to profound influences in the course of postnatal development. It has in fact been demonstrated that accelerated development in the period of infancy and adolescence can extend the initial condition of neonatal suffering. Indirectly these studies renew and at the same time extend the concept of prevention, a priority aim of the physician of the third millennium.
Advances in perinatal medical care--from our experience.; In the last 30 years, maternal and perinatal mortality rates have markedly improved in Japan. These results are supported by the advanced technologies and newly developed treatments in obstetric and neonatal medicine, the evidence of which will be described through the authors' experiences. Ultrasound-guided treatments for fetuses and pediatric surgery for extremely tiny infants have been performed with cooperation among cardiac surgeons, anesthesiologists and perinatologists. The remarkable achievements in neonatal medicine are surfactant replacement therapy, application of high frequency oscillation (HFO) respirator, nitric oxide and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) systems and transcutaneous blood gas monitoring. The possibility to have a safe pregnancy and delivery arose for women with severe medical complications such as diabetes mellitus (DM), heart diseases, and hemo-dialysis, factors formerly regarded as contraindications to pregnancy. The accumulative data of these high-risk pregnancies treated in our center are introduced. It is noted that molecular mechanisms in fetal growth have been elucidated to some extent. The insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) and IGF-binding protein 1 (IGFBP1) system, and cytokines, are involved in the fetal growth. Newly developed treatments such as urinary trypsin inhibitor (Urinastatin) for prevention of preterm delivery and amnioinfusion to cases of preterm premature rupture of the membrane are summarized. Finally, the reference to advanced medicine and its side effects lead to broad discussions regarding the future development of perinatal medicine.
"Cardio-Obstetrics": A Burgeoning Field in Need of Increased Awareness, Training, and Collaboration.; Cardiovascular disease is now the leading cause of maternal mortality in the industrialised nations. This public health crisis is driven by a variety of factors, including advancing maternal age, increasing prevalence of diabetes and hypertension and the growing number of adults with congenital heart disease. To meet the needs of this complex and diverse population, the subspecialty of cardio-obstetrics has developed. By its very nature, cardio-obstetrics is a team endeavour and requires contributions from multiple disciplines to deliver optimal care. In this article, we argue that cardio-obstetrics is not a niche issue. The magnitude of the current health challenges makes it imperative that all physicians who care for women of childbearing age have a basic knowledge of how cardiovascular disease can impart risk to women during and beyond pregnancy. We address how to increase awareness within the general medical community so that health care workers are able to recognise potential issues and are aware of how to refer to appropriate specialists. We discuss how to incorporate this within cardiology training so that general cardiologists consider the implications that pregnancy has on their patients. And we reflect on the training of the obstetric cardiologists of tomorrow as this field continues to evolve.
Maternal diet high in fat reduces docosahexaenoic acid in liver lipids of newborn and sucking rat pups.; The effect of a maternal diet high in fat, similar to Western foods, and of diabetes on liver essential fatty acid composition of the mother and the newborn and sucking pups was investigated. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed on either a low-fat (42 g/kg) or a high-fat (329 g/kg) diet for 10 d before mating, throughout pregnancy and post-partum. On the first day of pregnancy, diabetes was induced by intravenous administration of streptozotocin in half the animals from the two diet groups. Half the pups were killed at birth, and the remaining pups and mothers at days 15 and 16 respectively. At birth, there was a significant reduction in the proportions of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) in the liver phosphoglycerols and neutral lipids of the pups of both high-fat control and diabetic mothers compared with those of low-fat control and diabetic mothers. Diabetes decreased arachidonic (AA) and linoleic acid values in both the low- and high-fat groups at birth. The sucking pups of both the high-fat control and diabetic mothers exhibited a significant reduction in DHA and a concomitant compensatory increase in AA and a lowering in DHA-AA balance. In the mothers, the high-fat diet significantly increased the proportions of DHA in ethanolamine phosphoglycerols but had no observable effect in choline phosphoglycerols and neutral lipids. In the fetus the DHA level (g/100 g total fatty acids) was disproportionately reduced by the maternal high-fat diet. The adverse effect of the high-fat diet on the level of DHA (g/100 g total fatty acids) was greater in the neonate (and by implication the fetus) than in the sucking pups or mothers. It is concluded that a distortion of the biochemistry is induced in the offspring through a maternal high-fat diet, without genetic predisposition.
Maternal Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Offspring Risk of Hypertension: A Population-Based Cohort and Sibling Study.; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased risk of hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and type 2 diabetes. Offspring from pregnancies complicated by HDP also have worse cardiometabolic status in childhood and young adulthood, but the offspring risk of clinical hypertension in adulthood is largely unknown. METHODS: We studied 13,893 first-born adult offspring (49.4% female) who attended a structured population-based primary care visit (The Västerbotten Health Survey) at age 40 years in Sweden between 1994 and 2013. Data on maternal HDP were collected from a population-based birth register. We investigated the association between maternal HDP and the risk of adult offspring hypertension and worse cardiometabolic risk factor status utilizing multivariable poisson and linear regression models. We also conducted a sibling comparison, which inherently accounted for familial factors shared by siblings (N = 135). RESULTS: Offspring participants of women with HDP (N = 383, 2.8%) had increased relative risk of hypertension (1.67, 95% confidence interval: 1.38, 2.01) and also higher mean body mass index, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, and worse 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test result at age 40 years. No difference was observed for serum cholesterol. Point estimates for the cardiometabolic risk factors were attenuated in the sibling analyses. CONCLUSION: Offspring born to mothers with a history of HDP are on an adverse cardiometabolic trajectory and should be considered as concomitant targets for primordial prevention of hypertension in the maternal post-pregnancy period.
Prevalence of Congenital Heart Disease in Xinjiang Multi-Ethnic Region of China.; BACKGROUND: The prevalence and risk factors of congenital heart disease among Xinjiang, northwestern part of China is currently unknown. METHODS: This multiple-ethnic, community-based, cross-sectional study was conducted to estimate the prevalence and distribution of congenital heart disease (CHD) in Xinjiang, northwestern part of China. Four major ethnics, Uygur, Han, Kazak, and Hui children in this region were investigated during February 2010 and May 2012. RESULTS: A total of 14,530 children (0-18 yr) were examined. Of these children, 240 (boys, 43.8%, and girls, 56.3%) were identified with CHD, giving an overall prevalence of 16.5‰ (17.7‰ in Uygur, 6.9‰ in Han, 11.4‰ in Kazak, and 38.1‰ in Hui Chinese, respectively). Ventricular septal defect (VSD, 29.2%), atrial septal defect (ASD, 20.8%), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA, 13.7%), acleistocardia (13.7%), Bicuspid aortic valve (7.9%), pulmonary valve stenosis (5.4%), and tetralogy of fallot (TOF, 4.2%) were common cyanotic and cyanotic defects observed. Compared to non-CHD children, children with CHD had a higher percentage of history of abortion, CHD history of family, consanguinity and premature birth (all P<0.05). In CHD children, 24% of mothers caught a cold, 10% had a febrile illness and 6.7% received antibiotic treatment during the first trimester of pregnancy, that were higher than non-CHD group (all P<0.05). CONCLUSION: The overall prevalence of CHD in four ethnic children at ages 0-18 yr in Xinjiang was 16.5‰. VSD, ASD and TOF were the most common acyanotic and cyanotic congenital heart defects, respectively. This study also identified some modifiable risk factors that may contribute to the incidence of CHD among the 4 ethnic groups.
Optimal Threshold of Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance to Identify Metabolic Syndrome in a Chinese Population Aged 45 Years or Younger.; BACKGROUND: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is regarded as a major risk factor for diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The optimal threshold of the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) has been established for predicting MetS in diverse populations and for different ages. This study assessed the serum HOMA-IR level in a healthy Chinese population aged ≤45 years to determine its relationship with metabolic abnormalities. METHODS: Cross-sectional study data were collected from health checkup records of Chinese adults aged ≥18 years between 2013 and 2016 at Xiamen Chang Gung Hospital. Participants completed a standardized questionnaire, which was followed by a health examination and blood sample collection. Exclusion criteria were as follows: history of known CVDs; liver, kidney, or endocrine diseases or recent acute illness; hypertension; hyperlipidemia; and pregnancy or lactation. RESULTS: The clinical and laboratory characteristics of 5954 men and 4185 women were analyzed. Significant differences were observed in all assessed variables (all P < 0.05). The optimal cutoff point of HOMA-IR for predicting MetS was 1.7 in men and 1.78 in women. CONCLUSIONS: We aimed to determine the optimal cutoff point of HOMA-IR for predicting MetS in a healthy Chinese population aged ≤45 years. The findings of this study would provide an evidence-based threshold for evaluating metabolic syndromes and further implementing primary prevention programs, such as lifestyle changes in the target population.
Treating to Target Glycaemia in Type 2 Diabetes Pregnancy.; There is an increasing awareness that in those who develop early-onset (18-39 years) adult type 2 diabetes, an increase in insulin resistance, deterioration in beta-cell, and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors are particularly pronounced. Pregnant women with type 2 diabetes have additional risk factors for serious adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as added barriers regarding healthcare access before, during, and after pregnancy. Compared to pregnant women with type 1 diabetes, those with type 2 diabetes are older, have higher body mass index (BMI), with more metabolic comorbidities and concomitant medications, are more likely to belong to minority ethnic groups, and live in the highest areas of socio-economic deprivation. Approximately, one in seven pregnant women with type 2 diabetes (median age 34 years) are taking ACE-inhibitors, statins (13%), and/or other potentially harmful diabetes therapies (7%). Fewer than one in four are taking a high dose of folic acid before pregnancy, which may suggest that planning for pregnancy is not a priority for women themselves, their healthcare professionals, or the healthcare system. Knowledge of the epidemiology, pathophysiology, and unique management considerations of early-onset type 2 diabetes is essential to providing evidence-based care to pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. This narrative review will discuss contemporary data regarding type 2 diabetes pregnancy outcomes and the increasing recognition that different types of diabetes may require different treatment strategies before, during, and after pregnancy.
Impact of Zinc Deficiency During Prenatal and/or Postnatal Life on Cardiovascular and Metabolic Diseases: Experimental and Clinical Evidence.; This review summarizes the latest findings, from animal models and clinical studies, regarding the cardiovascular and metabolic consequences in adult life of zinc deficiency (ZD) during prenatal and early postnatal life. The effect of zinc supplementation (ZS) and new insights about sex differences in the phenotype and severity of cardiovascular and metabolic alterations are also discussed. Zinc has antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and antiapoptotic properties and regulates the activity of enzymes involved in regulation of the metabolic, cardiovascular, and renal systems. Maternal ZD is associated with intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight (LBW). Breast-fed preterm infants are at risk of ZD due to lower zinc uptake during fetal life and reduced gut absorption capacity. ZS is most likely to increase growth in preterm infants and survival in LBW infants in countries where ZD is prevalent. Studies performed in rats revealed that moderate ZD during prenatal and/or early postnatal growth is a risk factor for the development of hypertension, cardiovascular and renal alterations, obesity, and diabetes in adult life. An adequate zinc diet during postweaning life does not always prevent the cardiovascular and metabolic alterations induced by zinc restriction during fetal and lactation periods. Male rats are more susceptible to this injury than females, and some of the mechanisms involved include: 1) alterations in organogenesis, 2) activation of oxidative, apoptotic, and inflammatory processes, 3) dysfunction of nitric oxide and renin-angiotensin-aldosterone systems, 4) changes in glucose and lipid metabolism, and 5) adipose tissue dysfunction. Safeguarding body zinc requirements during pregnancy, lactation, and growth periods could become a new target in the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. Further research is needed to elucidate the efficacy of ZS during early stages of growth to prevent the development of these diseases later in life.
Decrease of LRH receptors in the pituitary gland in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats.; In studies into the mechanism of anovulation in the diabetic condition, the LRH receptor content of the pituitary gland of rats with diabetes mellitus was determined. Normal female rats weighing 180-200 g were injected iv with either streptozotocin (6 mg/100 g body weight) or vehicle in dioestrus of the oestrous cycle. The rats were sacrificed by decapitation 9 days after treatment, and serum LH concentrations and the LRH content of the medial basal hypothalamus (MBH) were measured by radioimmunoassay (RIA), and the LRH receptor content of the pituitary gland was determined. The serum concentration of LH and the LRH content of the MBH in diabetic rats were 34.4 +/- 4.8 ng/ml (mean +/- SEM) and 2.05 +/- 0.04 ng/MBH, respectively, which were similar to the respective values of normal rats in dioestrus. However, the LRH receptor content of diabetic rats (13.2 +/- 3.9 fmol/pituitary) was significantly (P less than 0.05) lower than that of normal rats in dioestrus (68.0 +/- 7.1 fmol/pituitary) and pro-oestrus (59.4 +/- 13.6 fmol/pituitary). These results suggest that anovulation in diabetic rats is at least partly attributable to a low content of LRH receptors in the pituitary gland.
Nucleated red blood cells in polycythemic infants.; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to evaluate whether the absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) count is elevated in term, appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) polycythemic infants. STUDY DESIGN: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts taken during the first 12 hours of life in term, AGA infants with neonatal polycythemia (n = 29), and in control, nonpolycythemic infants (n = 37). We excluded infants of women with diabetes, hypertension, and alcohol, tobacco, or drug abuse, and those with fetal heart rate abnormalities or low Apgar scores, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies. RESULTS: There were no differences between groups in birth weight, gestational age, or other demographic or perinatal factors. The hematocrit, RBC count, and absolute nucleated RBC counts were significantly higher and the platelet counts significantly lower in the polycythemic group. Regression analysis that included Apgar scores and gestational age showed a significant correlation of absolute nucleated RBC count with the polycythemia status only (P =.017). CONCLUSION: At birth, term AGA polycythemic infants have increased indices of active erythropoiesis. We speculate that this finding is suggestive of subtle fetal hypoxemia.
Different tissue distribution and hormonal regulation of messenger RNAs encoding rat insulin-like growth factor-binding proteins-1 and -2.; The insulin-like growth factor-binding proteins IGFBP-1 and IGFBP-2 are low mol wt IGFBPs that are similar in structure. They are not glycosylated and have a homologous amino acid sequence, including the number and position of 18 cysteine residues and a carboxyl-terminal Arg-Gly-Asp sequence that can be recognized by cell adhesion receptors. The present study demonstrates that expression of mRNAs encoding the two BPs differs in some fetal rat tissues and in the livers of adult rats after hypophysectomy, fasting, or streptozotocin-induced diabetes. As determined by Northern blot hybridization using cDNA probes for rat IGFBP-2 or human IGFBP-1, both mRNAs are expressed at high levels in liver of 21-day gestation and 1-day-old rats and at lower levels in 21- and 65-day-old rat liver. Levels of both mRNAs are higher in liver than in other fetal rat tissues. The relative abundance of the two mRNAs in most fetal tissues is similar to that in liver, except that kidney and brain have 8-fold and more than 25-fold higher relative levels of IGFBP-2 mRNA, respectively. IGFBP-2 mRNA is about 10- to 20-fold increased after hypophysectomy or fasting, whereas IGFBP-1 mRNA is relatively unchanged. IGFBP-2 mRNA levels are decreased completely by refeeding fasted rats for 3 days, but only partially decreased by treatment of hypophysectomized rats with GH, cortisone acetate, T4, and testosterone for 4 days.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Non-Invasive radial pressure wave analysis may digitally predict women's risks of type 2 diabetes (T2DM): A case and control group study.; BACKGROUND: Women not only have worse diabetes complications, but also have menstrual cycle, pregnancy, and menopause which can make managing diabetes more difficult. The aim of this study was to investigate if radial pressure wave analysis may non-invasively screen for women's risk of type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Spectrum analysis of the radial pressure wave was performed to evaluate the first five harmonic components, C1 to C5. The study consisted of a total of 808 non-pregnant female subjects aged 20-95 over the period of 4 years, and 404 of them were diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes as the case group. RESULT: The first five harmonic components are significantly different in a comparison of the case group and the control group. In the logistic regression analysis, T2DM was found to be associated with C1 (OR = 1.055, CI = 1.037-1.074, p < 0.001), C2 (OR = 1.051, CI = 1.019-1.085, p = 0.002), and C3 (OR = 0.972, CI = 0.950-0.994, p = 0.013). In the Receiver Operating Characteristic curve analysis, the Area Under Curve of using C3 only (70%, p <0.05), weighted C1, C2 and C3, (75%, p < 0.05), and weighted C1, C2 and C3 and Body mass Index (84%, p <0.05) were tested for the accuracy on how well these tests separate the women into the groups with and without the T2DM. CONCLUSION: We thus concluded that pulse spectrum was a non-invasive predictor for women's risk of T2DM.
Maternal socioeconomic disadvantage is associated with transcriptional indications of greater immune activation and slower tissue maturation in placental biopsies and newborn cord blood.; Children from economically disadvantaged families experience worse cognitive, psychiatric, and medical outcomes compared to more affluent youth. Preclinical models suggest some of the adverse influence of disadvantage could be transmitted during gestation via maternal immune activation, but this hypothesis has not been tested in humans. It also remains unclear whether prenatal interventions can mitigate such effects. To fill these gaps, we conducted two studies. Study 1 characterized the socioeconomic conditions of 79 women during pregnancy. At delivery, placenta biopsies and umbilical blood were collected for transcriptional profiling. Maternal disadvantage was associated with a transcriptional profile indicative of higher immune activation and slower fetal maturation, particularly in pathways related to brain, heart, and immune development. Cord blood cells of disadvantaged newborns also showed indications of immaturity, as reflected in down-regulation of pathways that coordinate myeloid cell development. These associations were independent of fetal sex, and characteristics of mothers (age, race, adiposity, diabetes, pre-eclampsia) and babies (delivery method, gestational age). Study 2 performed the same transcriptional analyses in specimens from 20 women participating in CenteringPregnancy, a group-based psychosocial intervention, and 20 women in traditional prenatal care. In both placenta biopsies and cord blood, women in CenteringPregnancy showed up-regulation of transcripts found in Study 1 to be most down-regulated in conjunction with disadvantage. Collectively, these results suggest socioeconomic disparities in placental biology are evident at birth, and provide clues about the mechanistic origins of health disparities. They also suggest the possibility that psychosocial interventions could have mitigating influences.
Reduced final height and indications for insulin resistance in 20 year olds born small for gestational age: regional cohort study.; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether the association between low birth weight and increased risk of developing impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, hypertriglyceridaemia, and hypertension in middle age is apparent by the age of 20 in people born small for gestational age. DESIGN: Regional cohort study. SETTING: Maternity registry, Haguenau, France. SUBJECTS: 236 full term singleton babies born small for gestational age (birth weight or length, or both, below third centile) during 1971-8 and 281 with normal birth weight (between 25th and 75th centile). All subjects were contacted and evaluated at a mean (SD) age of 20.6 (2.1) years. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Adult height; concentrations of glucose, insulin, and proinsulin during an oral glucose tolerance test; lipid and fibrinogen concentrations; and blood pressure. RESULTS: After sex and target height were adjusted for, subjects who had been born small for gestational age were significantly shorter at age 20 than those with a normal birth weight (men 4.5 cm shorter (95% confidence interval 6.0 to 3.0 cm); women 3.94 cm shorter (5.2 to 2.7 cm)). After sex and body mass index were adjusted for, mean plasma glucose concentration 30 minutes after a glucose load, fasting insulin concentration (in women), and insulin and proinsulin concentrations 30 and 120 minutes after a glucose load were significantly higher in subjects who had been born small for gestational age than in those with a normal birth weight. Mean lipid and fibrinogen concentrations and blood pressure were not different between the two groups. CONCLUSIONS: Intrauterine growth retardation has long term consequences such as reduced final height Raised insulin and proinsulin concentrations are present in young adults born small for gestational age and could be markers of early changes in insulin sensitivity.
Milk--the promoter of chronic Western diseases.; Common chronic diseases of Western societies, such as coronary heart disease, diabetes mellitus, cancer, hypertension, obesity, dementia, and allergic diseases are significantly influenced by dietary habits. Cow's milk and dairy products are nutritional staples in most Western societies. Milk and dairy product consumption is recommended by most nutritional societies because of their beneficial effects for calcium uptake and bone mineralization and as a source of valuable protein. However, the adverse long-term effects of milk and milk protein consumption on human health have been neglected. A hypothesis is presented, showing for the first time that milk protein consumption is an essential adverse environmental factor promoting most chronic diseases of Western societies. Milk protein consumption induces postprandial hyperinsulinaemia and shifts the growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) axis to permanently increased IGF-1 serum levels. Insulin/IGF-1 signalling is involved in the regulation of fetal growth, T-cell maturation in the thymus, linear growth, pathogenesis of acne, atherosclerosis, diabetes mellitus, obesity, cancer and neurodegenerative diseases, thus affecting most chronic diseases of Western societies. Of special concern is the possibility that milk intake during pregnancy adversely affects the early fetal programming of the IGF-1 axis which will influence health risks later in life. An accumulated body of evidence for the adverse effects of cow's milk consumption from fetal life to childhood, adolescence, adulthood and senescence will be provided which strengthens the presented hypothesis.
Large-Scale Proteomics in Early Pregnancy and Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy.; IMPORTANCE: There is no consensus regarding the best method for prediction of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. OBJECTIVE: To determine predictive ability in early pregnancy of large-scale proteomics for prediction of HDP. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: This was a nested case-control study, conducted in 2022 to 2023, using clinical data and plasma samples collected between 2010 and 2013 during the first trimester, with follow-up until pregnancy outcome. This multicenter observational study took place at 8 academic medical centers in the US. Nulliparous individuals during first-trimester clinical visits were included. Participants with HDP were selected as cases; controls were selected from those who delivered at or after 37 weeks without any HDP, preterm birth, or small-for-gestational-age infant. Age, self-reported race and ethnicity, body mass index, diabetes, health insurance, and fetal sex were available covariates. EXPOSURES: Proteomics using an aptamer-based assay that included 6481 unique human proteins was performed on stored plasma. Covariates were used in predictive models. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Prediction models were developed using the elastic net, and analyses were performed on a randomly partitioned training dataset comprising 80% of study participants, with the remaining 20% used as an independent testing dataset. Primary measure of predictive performance was area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC). RESULTS: This study included 753 HDP cases and 1097 controls with a mean (SD) age of 26.9 (5.5) years. Maternal race and ethnicity were 51 Asian (2.8%), 275 non-Hispanic Black (14.9%), 275 Hispanic (14.9%), 1161 non-Hispanic White (62.8% ), and 88 recorded as other (4.8%), which included those who did not identify according to these designations. The elastic net model, allowing for forced inclusion of prespecified covariates, was used to adjust protein-based models for clinical and demographic variables. Under this approach, no proteins were selected to augment the clinical and demographic covariates. The predictive performance of the resulting model was modest, with a training set AUC of 0.64 (95% CI, 0.61-0.67) and a test set AUC of 0.62 (95% CI, 0.56-0.68). Further adjustment for study site yielded only minimal changes in AUCs. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: In this case-control study with detailed clinical data and stored plasma samples available in the first trimester, an aptamer-based proteomics panel did not meaningfully add to predictive utility over and above clinical and demographic factors that are routinely available.
Insulin resistance: definition and consequences.; Insulin resistance is defined clinically as the inability of a known quantity of exogenous or endogenous insulin to increase glucose uptake and utilization in an individual as much as it does in a normal population. Insulin action is the consequence of insulin binding to its plasma membrane receptor and is transmitted through the cell by a series of protein-protein interactions. Two major cascades of protein-protein interactions mediate intracellular insulin action: one pathway is involved in regulating intermediary metabolism and the other plays a role in controlling growth processes and mitoses. The regulation of these two distinct pathways can be dissociated. Indeed, some data suggest that the pathway regulating intermediary metabolism is diminished in type 2 diabetes while that regulating growth processes and mitoses is normal.--Several mechanisms have been proposed as possible causes underlying the development of insulin resistance and the insulin resistance syndrome. These include: (1) genetic abnormalities of one or more proteins of the insulin action cascade (2) fetal malnutrition (3) increases in visceral adiposity. Insulin resistance occurs as part of a cluster of cardiovascular-metabolic abnormalities commonly referred to as "The Insulin Resistance Syndrome" or "The Metabolic Syndrome". This cluster of abnormalities may lead to the development of type 2 diabetes, accelerated atherosclerosis, hypertension or polycystic ovarian syndrome depending on the genetic background of the individual developing the insulin resistance.--In this context, we need to consider whether insulin resistance should be defined as a disease entity which needs to be diagnosed and treated with specific drugs to improve insulin action.
